 Barber-Mulligan Farm is a historic farm located at Avon in Livingston County New York. The nearly 640-acre (260 ha) farm includes a number of original buildings as well as many improvements. The most important cluster is the central farm complex which includes the main house a carriage house horse barn and corn crib all built in 1852 by Aaron Barber. The house is an example of late Greek Revival architecture. Not far from the main house is a cobblestone tenant house built c.
 Danat Al Emarat hospital is a future hospital for women and children in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. With a completion date of 2011 it will have 170 beds upon opening with a maximum capacity of 260 beds. The projected cost for the hospital is $250 million. If completed the hospital would be the first in the United Arab Emirates to be controlled by an international company United Eastern Medical Services (UEM).
 East Hills Shopping Center was an outdoor shopping mall in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Opened in 1960 the center lost most of its major stores in the late 1970s and underwent several failed attempts at renovation.
 First Baptist Church-Lexington originally known as Lexington African Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building located at Lexington Virginia. It was built between 1894 and 1896 and is a large brick church on a limestone basement in the Gothic Revival style. It has a front gable roof round and lancet-arch stained glass windows and towers at its two front corners. The right hand tower has a belfry and spire.
 Uniontown Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall in South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania (just outside of the city of Uniontown Pennsylvania). It is anchored by Sears Bon-Ton Burlington Coat Factory J.C. Penney and other specialty stores; although it does not contain a food court.
 Forest Road Primitive Methodist church was built on Forest Road in Nottingham in 1874.
 Orndoff-Cross House also known as the Henry Orndoff House is a historic home located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1796 and consists of a log house with additions. The earliest addition dates from about 1830 and the latest from the 1990s. It is a two story vernacular residence topped by a standing seam metal side gable roof. Also on the property is a meat-hanging shed of log construction (c.
 The Regatta Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel located on the corner of Coronation Drive and Sylvan Road in Brisbane Australia. It is located in the suburb of Toowong and faces the Brisbane River. The three-storey hotel contained accommodation on the upper two floors and a public bar and lounge area on the ground floor.
 The Lisbon Opera House on Main Avenue in Lisbon North Dakota was built in 1889. It has also been known as the J.C.
 The Manécanterie (English: Parish choir school) is an ancient memorial situated in Lyon in Saint Jean district in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon. It is placed side by side to the south southwest of the cathedral Saint Jean and is a part of the former convent of the cathedral. This small Romanesque building served first as dining hall to the canons of Saint Jean before becoming a parish choir school namely a school for the singing of the clergy.
 The Lefferts Historic House located within Brooklyn's Prospect Park is the former home of Continental Army Lieutenant Pieter Lefferts built circa 1783. It currently operates as a museum of family life in Brooklyn in the 1820s. The museum is part of the Historic House Trust owned by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and operated by the Prospect Park Alliance. It is a City Landmark.
 The Lawn is a historic home and national historic district located near Nokesville Prince William County Virginia. The main house was built in 1926 to replace the original Gothic Revival style dwelling that burned in a fire in 1921. It is a two-story three-bay Tudor Revival style stuccoed dwelling. The house features half-timber framing and a complex cross gable roof. Attached to the house is a brick kitchen wing that survived from the original house.
 The F. G. Williams House is a historic house at 37 Albion Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1860 for Frank G. Williams a dealer in kitchen furnishings and is one of the city's best examples of a center-gable Italianate house.
 Hotel Fürstenhof was a hotel facing both Leipziger Platz and Potsdamer Platz in Berlin Germany. It was designed by architects Richard Bielenberg and Josef Moser and opened in 1907. On 22 November 1943 the hotel was destroyed during a raid on Berlin; the ruins were completely demolished in the 1950s.The architecture had elements of Art Nouveau the onset of Modernism and the neo-baroque.
 The Islamic Museum of Tripoli is a museum of Islamic culture that has been being built under the support and patronage of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi in Tripoli Libya.
 Jefferson School also known as East Elementary and Clifton Forge Elementary East is a historic school building located at Clifton Forge Alleghany County Virginia. It was built in 1926 as a rectangular two-story building is clad in running-bond brick in the Colonial Revival style. It sits on a raised concrete foundation and has ribbons of small-paned double-hung windows and a recessed front entrance. A two-story rectangular addition was built in 1952.
 AutoWorld is a vintage car museum in the center of Brussels Belgium located in the southern hall of the Cinquantenaire Park.It holds a large and varied collection of 350 vintage European and American automobiles from the late 19th century until the seventies. Including Minervas such models as a 1928 Bentley a 1930 Bugatti and a 1930 Cord and several limousines which belonged to the Belgian royal family.It is unrelated to the failed amusement park AutoWorld in Flint Michigan.
 Murry Site is a historic archaeological site located at Manor Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It is the site of a large stockaded Shenks Ferry village. It was excavated in 1967 and identified as having been inhabited for 10 years sometime between 1450 and 1550. They identified 46 burials.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Tabernacle Chapel (Capel y Tabernacl in Welsh) also known as Libanus Chapel is a Grade I listed chapel on Woodfield Street in Morriston Wales.Designed by the architect John Humphrey and built at a cost of £15000 in 1872 the chapel has seating for 3000 and has been called the Nonconformist Cathedral of Wales.The design was copied many times elsewhere in Wales. The pulpit is the focus and below this is the Sedd Fawr (big seat) for the deacons.
 Thomas Scott House in Gloster Louisiana is a Greek Revival house from 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Rev. Stephen Badger House built in 1753 is a historic house at 87 Eliot Street in Natick Massachusetts.Stephen Badger was a Christian missionary to the Native Americans. The Badger House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Gaisano Capital Pagadian is a shopping mall in Pagadian City Philippines located in Pagadian City. This Mall is bigger than the 3 other malls in the city which is Peoples Plaza Best Emporium and the City Commercial center (C3). Gaisano Mall attracts shoppers not only from Pagadian but also from nearby areas of Zamboanga del Sur Zamboanga Sibugay.
 The Silver Star Cafe is a restaurant in the west end of Port Hedland Western Australia. Its kitchen and lounge area are housed within a historic preserved railway carriage and it has an alfresco deck alongside.A project of BHP Billiton Iron Ore and FORM with support from Town of Port Hedland Boom Logistics and Laing O'Rourke the cafe was officially opened by the Premier of Western Australia Colin Barnett on 26 October 2010.
 The City Hall Historic District is a historic district (United States) encompassing buildings important in the early growth of the Central Square area of Cambridge Massachusetts. The focal point of the district is the monumental Richardsonian Romanesque Cambridge City Hall building on the north side of Massachusetts Avenue two block west of the heart of the square.
 The Bartholomew County Annex building which is also known as the State Street School was designed by architect Norman Hill and completed in 1928. The building stands on the northwest corner of State and Pence streets in Columbus Indiana. From 1928 to the early 1970s it served as an elementary school in the neighborhood of East Columbus under the ownership of Bartholomew County. In the mid 1970s the building began to be used as the County Annex.
 The Yorkville Branch of the New York Public Library was built in 1902. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Boughton Place formerly Bocton Place or Bocton Hall is a country house in Boughton Malherbe Kent England. It is the historic home of the Wotton family and birthplace of Sir Henry Wotton (1568–1639) ambassador to Venice under James I.
 The Joseph Smith House is a historic house at 109 Smithfield Road in North Providence Rhode Island.The American colonial house was built in 1705 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The St. Peter's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex located at 169 Genesee Street in Auburn. The complex consists of the church the Parish House a cemetery and a small burial plot.The church as built in 1868–1870 was designed by noted architect Henry Dudley in the Gothic Revival style. It is constructed of rock faced limestone laid in random ashlar and trimmed with dressed limestone.
 Rhodes Memorial Hall commonly known as Rhodes Hall is a historic house museum located in Atlanta Georgia United States. It was built as the home of furniture magnate Amos Giles Rhodes proprietor of Atlanta-based Rhodes Furniture. The Romanesque Revival house occupies a prominent location on Peachtree Street the main street of Atlanta and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chapin Memorial Church is a historic Universalist church at 12 Ford Avenue in Oneonta Otsego County New York. It was built in 1894 and is a 1 1⁄2-story brick building on a tall cut stone foundation. The facade consists of two parts: the main body of the church and the engaged three stage tower and entrance bay.
 The Eddy Block is a historic commercial building at 119-131 Main St. and 4 Davis Street in Webster Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built by Lyman R. Eddy in 1878 on the site of a previous block which had been destroyed by fire.
 St Andrew's Anglican church Roseville is an active Anglican church on the corner of Bancroft Avenue and Hill Street in Roseville New South Wales Australia. It is part of the Diocese of Sydney. The first church building was licensed for use on 2 April 1913. The foundation stone for the current building was laid by Archbishop Howard Mowll in 1935. The rector of the time was W. J. Roberts. The building was designed by C. C. Finch and built by S. C. Molineaux and seats around 350.
 David's Reformed Church is a historic Reformed church at 80 W. Columbus Street in Canal Winchester Ohio.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The church is named David's in order to honor the Rev. David Winters who was the first minister in the area. Rev.
 Central Garage originally Snyder's Tin and Hardware Shop is a historic commercial structure located in Orleans in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1902. It is a two-storey frame ractangular building characterized by its retrained Classical Revival styling and sheet metal sheathing. It was converted from use as a shop to a garage in the 1930s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Clarendon Methodist-Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 121 Third Street in Clarendon Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 St. John's Church Tartu (Estonian: Jaani kirik) is a Brick Gothic Lutheran church one of the landmarks of the city of Tartu Estonia. It is dedicated to Saint John the Evangelist a disciple of Jesus Christ and author of the fourth Christian Gospel.
 Aspira is a 400 feet (122 m) tall skyscraper in the Denny Triangle neighborhood of Seattle Washington. It has 37 floors and mostly consists of apartments. Construction began in 2007 and was completed in late 2009.
 Saint John the Evangelist Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Maryland in the United States founded by Fr. John Carroll in 1774. It falls under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Washington and its archbishop. It is named after John the Evangelist.
 Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Services is a psychiatric hospital and behavioral health provider with the main treatment campus located in Gaines Township Michigan. The Chief Executive Officer and President is Dr.
 The Information Center for Israeli Art is the largest collection of primary resources documenting the history of the Israeli art in Israel. Over 12000 artists files are housed in the Center in the Israel Museum Jerusalem.
 James Jones House is a historic home located at Greensboro in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1879 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay I-plan brick dwelling in the Italianate style. A front porch in the Colonial Revival style was added about 1900 and a 1 1/2-story frame addition was built about 1950. The house features a shallow pitched roof with wide eaves and tall arched windows with raised brick crowns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church is the oldest Presbyterian church in Ottawa Canada.
 The Phillip Burton Federal Building & United States Courthouse is a massive 21 floor 312 feet (95 m) federal office building located at 450 Golden Gate Avenue near San Francisco's Civic Center and the San Francisco City Hall.
 John Oakley House is a historic home located at West Hills in Suffolk County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story six-bay gable-roofed dwelling with a 1-story one-bay gable-roofed west wing and one-bay shed-roofed east wing. The original structure was built about 1720 and expanded in the 1780s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Plum Bush Creek Bridge near Last Chance Colorado is a concrete rigid frame bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It brings US 36 across Plum Bush Creek and is located at milepost 138.16 of US 36. It was designed by Colorado Department of Highways and built by Peter Kiewit Sons Construction Co. in 1938.
 The Greene County Courthouse is located at 45 North Detroit Street in Xenia Ohio. The building was designed by Samuel Hannaford & Sons and was completed in 1902.
 Watson Settlement Bridge is a historic bridge in Littleton Maine United States.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 All Saints is a parish church in Ulcombe Kent. It was begun in the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building.
 Oxford Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Oxford in Chenango County New York. The district includes 201 contributing buildings and seven contributing structures. It encompasses the village's historic core and includes commercial residential civic and ecclesistical buildings.
 The Higgins Building is a proto-Modernist concrete framed building rendered in the Beaux-Arts style located in downtown Los Angeles California. Completed in 1910 by owner Thomas Higgins an Irish American the 10-story building was originally used for office space. The Engineers and Architects were Albert C. Martin Sr. and A.L. Haley.
 St. Gabriel's is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in southern end of the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County New York. This parish was founded in 1893 by Mrs. Adrian Iselin and family longtime residents of New Rochelle. The church was a memorial given by Mrs. Adrian Iselin and endowed by her for the Catholics of New Rochelle. St.
 The Musée des Augustins de Toulouse is a fine arts museum in Toulouse France which conserves a collection of sculpture and paintings from the Middle Ages to the early 20th century. The paintings are from throughout France the sculptures representing Occitan culture of the region with a particularly rich assemblage of Romanesque sculpture.
 Mundota Fort and Palace are approximately 450 year old heritage monuments and structures located in Mundota which is a small town nestled in hills of Aravali Range in the state of Rajasthan in Northwestern India. Mundota was a Double Tazmi Jagir of the Nathawat clan of the Kachawa dynasty the rulers of Jaipur. The proud Rajput clan traces its name to Nath ji – famous warrior grandson of Maharaja Prithviraj of Amer (Jaipur).
 The Seelbach Hilton is a historic hotel in Louisville Kentucky founded by Bavarian-born immigrant brothers Louis and Otto Seelbach. It opened in 1905 as the Seelbach Hotel envisioned by the Seelbach Brothers to embody the old-world grandeur of European hotels in cities such as Vienna and Paris. To do so in early 20th century Louisville they employed a French Renaissance design in constructing the hotel.
 The Tiruchirapalli Rock Fort is a historic fort and temple complex built on an ancient rock. It is located in the city of Tiruchirapalli which is in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is constructed on a 273-foot high rock. There are two Hindu temples inside the Rockfort the Uchchi Pillaiyar Koil and the Siva Temple. Geologically the 83 m high rock may date to over one billion years ago. Other local tourist attractions include the famous Pallava-era Ganesa temple and the Nayaka-era fort.
 Mensa Christi is a Roman Catholic church located in Nazareth in northern Israel.
 Century Mall was an indoor shopping mall located on the southeast corner of Broadway (Indiana 53) and US 30 in Merrillville Indiana. The mall opened in 1979 with anchor stores Goldblatt's and Montgomery Ward. Competitive and economic factors sent the mall into steady decline and national retail chains left throughout the 1990s until the mall was ultimately sold for redevelopment in 2001 then closed and largely demolished in 2002.
 Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms also known as the McCauley Lodging House and now known as the St. Patrick's House is a former rooming house in Missoula Montana. It is included in the Missoula Downtown Historic District.
 The Narrows Covered Bridge crosses Sugar Creek at the eastern edge of Turkey Run State Park and is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1882. The bridge is 141 feet (43 m) long 16.5 feet (5.0 m) wide and 12.5 feet (3.8 m) high.
 The Washington Marriott Wardman Park is a Marriott International property in Washington D.C.. The hotel is located in the Woodley Park neighborhood at 2600 Woodley Road NW and Connecticut Avenue NW adjacent the Woodley Park station of the Washington Metro system.The Wardman Park is the largest hotel in the capital with 1316 guest rooms and 195000 square feet (18100 m2) of total event space and 95000 square feet (8800 m2) of exhibit space.
 Flakstad Church (Norwegian: Flakstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Flakstad in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Flakstad. The church is part of the Flakstad parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1780.The long low church building is a cog-jointed construction using timbers clad externally with red-painted wooden paneling as was usual at the end of the eighteenth century.
 City Center Sofia is a shopping mall located in Sofia Bulgaria opened in the spring of 2006. It is situated to the south of the National Palace of Culture in the municipality of Triaditsa at the intersection of the Boulevards Cherni vrah and Arsenalski next to European Union Metro Station and diagonally opposed to the Hemus Hotel. The mall has six stories (including 2 underground) and a total built-up area of 44000 m².
 Bangalore Town Hall is a neoclassical municipal building in Bangalore India. The town hall is named after the philanthropist and former president of Bangalore city municipality Sir K.P Puttanna Chetty.The foundation stone for the building was laid by the then Maharaja of Mysore Krishna Rajendra Wodeyar on March 6 1933. The building was completed on September 11 1935. It was inaugurated by crown prince Kanteerava Narasimharaja Wadiyar.
 The Building at 1715-1717 Cambridge Street is an historic multifamily house at 1715-1717 Cambridge Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Greek Revival building was built in 1845 as a speculative rental property for Royal Richardson. It is one of four such buildings (of which this and the next door property survive) ordered by Richardson.
 Benedict Fenwick School (or Sister Clara Muhammad School) is an historic school at 150 Magnolia Street in Boston Massachusetts.The school was built in 1912 by James E. McLaughlin and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Sørfjorden Chapel (Norwegian: Sørfjorden kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørfinnset. The church is part of the Gildeskål parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland although the chapel building is not owned by the parish it is privately owned by the local residents of the Sørfjorden farms.
 The church of Santa Maria della Luce is an ancient church in the Rione of Trastevere in Rome Italy. The church was originally known as San Salvatore in Corte. That church was founded by Santa Bonosa in the 4th century at the site of the excubitorium or barracks of the cohort VII Brigade. The church was rebuilt in the 12th century together with bell-tower which is still preserved. In 1595 the church was placed under the jurisdiction of the nearby Basilica of San Crisogono.
 EverBank Center is a skyscraper in Jacksonville Florida USA. Standing 447 feet (136 m) tall it is the city's third-tallest building as well as the largest in terms of class A rentable area with 956201 sq ft (88834.0 m2). Formerly known as the BellSouth Tower and the AT&T Tower it took its current name in 2012 when EverBank moved employees into the building and acquired signage rights.
 One Snow Hill Plaza (also known as Kennedy Tower) is a highrise hotel in Birmingham England. It is 72 metres (236 ft) tall and was completed in 1973. In 2013 the building was renovated and became a 224 room hotel under the brand Holiday Inn Express.It receives the name Kennedy Tower from the mural dedicated to John F.
 HM Prison Usk is a Category C men's prison located at 47 Maryport Street in Usk Monmouthshire Wales. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and jointly managed with the nearby HMP Prescoed.
 The Llano County Courthouse and Jail were erected separately but added to the National Register of Historic Places in Texas on December 2 1977 as one entry. The courthouse located in the middle of Llano's historic square was built in 1893. The exterior is made of sandstone marble and granite. The interior of the courthouse was damaged by fire in 1932 and again in 1951. It is still in use today by local government.
 The Alvin Miller House also known as Dietrich House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Charles City Iowa in 1946. Located on the bank of the Cedar River this single-story home features a two-level flat roof that allows for clerestory windows.
 District School No. 3 also known as Putnam Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. The schoolhouse consists of a 1 1⁄2-story two-by-three-bay wood-frame main block constructed about 1875 and a 1-story two-by-one-bay rear addition constructed about 1900. Also on the property is a double privy dating to about 1900.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Oakley Hall is a Georgian manor in Oakley Hampshire located 10 km (6.2 mi) to the west of Basingstoke. Completed in 1795 by Wither Bramston the building is now a hotel and conference centre . It is located in a wooded park intersected by the former South Western railway.
 Townhouse Designhotel Maastricht is a four-star design hotel located in the Wyck district in Maastricht Netherlands. The hotel opened in late 2009. Townhouse is part of the La Bergère Group.
 Walworth Castle is a 16th-century mansion house built in the style of a medieval castle and situated at Walworth near Darlington County Durham England. It is a Grade 1 listed building. It was completed around 1600 probably by Thomas Holt for Thomas Jenison. It stands on the site of a former manor house or castle built in the 12th century by the Hansard family.
 City Sentral is a planned major new retail and leisure development in the heart of the Staffordshire city of Stoke-on-Trent. Being developed by Realis Estates the 650000 sq ft regional shopping centre is due to open in 2016.
 The Washington Boulevard Building is a high-rise apartment building located at 234 State Street at the corner of State Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit Michigan. The building designed by Louis Kamper was constructed from 1922 to 1923. It stands at 23 stories and features a neoclassical limestone base.Across the streets lie the Book Tower and the Book-Cadillac Hotel.
 Stuart Addition Historic District is a national historic district located at Staunton Virginia. The district encompasses 93 contributing buildings in a primarily residential section of Staunton. The district includes some early 19th-century structures but most of the homes were built after 1870. The medium-density residential area includes notable examples of the Colonial Revival Italianate and Gothic Revival styles. Notable buildings include the Blakely or Templeton House (c.
 Charles A. Lindbergh State Park is a 569 acre (2.3 km²) Minnesota state park on the outskirts of Little Falls. The park was once the farm of Congressman Charles August Lindbergh and his son Charles Lindbergh the famous aviator. Their restored 1906 house and two other farm buildings are within the park boundaries. The house a National Historic Landmark and an adjacent museum are operated by the Minnesota Historical Society.
 Kyova Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located outside the city of Ashland Kentucky USA in Cannonsburg. Opened in 1988 as Cedar Knoll Galleria the mall struggled to keep tenants for several years eventually becoming a dead mall. Starting in 2005 however redevelopment began on the property and customer traffic has increased. Anchor stores include Elder-Beerman Sears and a ten-screen movie theater.
 Holy Trinity Church Dalston also known as the Clowns’ Church is a Church of England parish church in Beechwood Road in the borough of Hackney north London.
 The Belgravia Hotel also known as Peale House is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was listed on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on June 3 1982.The building was formerly the site of a hotel but has been developed into condominiums.Famous former residents include violist William Primrose and violinist Efrem Zimbalist.
 Grøtavær Church (Norwegian: Grøtavær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Grøtavær on the island of Grytøya. The church is part of the Grytøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1915 and it seats about 200 people.
 The Congregational Church building in Southbridge Massachusetts is a high Victorian Gothic Revival brick structure at 61 Elm Street. It is the only such church in Southbridge. It was built in 1885 to replace an earlier (1822) wood frame structure on the same site whose steeple was felled by a storm.
 Perry County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Bloomfield in Perry County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1826 and completed the next year. It was extensively altered in 1868 and is in the Greek Revival style. It is a two story white brick structure three bays wide and six bays long. The low hipped roof is crowned by a cupola dated to 1826. An annex was completed about 1892.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Pascoag Grammar School is an historic school building in Burrillville Rhode Island on 265 Sayles Avenue in the village of Pascoag Rhode Island.The Colonial Revival school was built in 1917 by Thomas McLaughlin and Mahoney & Coffey to replace a previous school that had burned. There had been a school on the site since at least the mid-19th century.
 The Florida Museum of Photographic Arts (FMoPA) occupies the 2nd and 3rd floors of the Cube adjacent to Rivergate Tower in downtown Tampa Florida. FMoPA is part of the Waterfront Arts District along with the Tampa Museum of Art and Glazer Children's Museum all located alongside the Tampa Riverwalk.
 The Church of St. John is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 3021 Kingsbridge Avenue Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1877 and has had long ties with the Religious of Jesus and Mary as their main base in New York.
 Marine Gate is a large block of luxury flats built in 1939 to the design of architects Wimperis Simpson and Guthrie. It stands at the eastern end of the English seaside resort of Brighton overlooking Brighton Marina and Black Rock. Originally built with 105 flats a restaurant and offices internal reconfiguration has increased the number of flats to 132. The International/Modern-style building is situated in a prominent clifftop position at the eastern entrance to Brighton.
 St. Mary The Church of Our Lady Merevale is an historic parish church in Merevale Warwickshire it is known for its Jesse window it was originally part of Merevale Abbey but is now a Church of England parish church.
 Heyward-Washington House is a historic house museum in Charleston South Carolina that is owned and operated by the Charleston Museum. Furnished for the late 18th century the house includes a collection of Charleston-made furniture. Other structures include the carriage shed and 1740s kitchen building. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.The South Carolina Department of Archives and History summary is here.
 Gonakudzingwa (where the banished ones sleep) Restriction Camp in Southern Rhodesia near the Mozambique border was set up by Ian Smith's government.
 The Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Greensburg in Pennsylvania.The church originally a parish church under the supervision of the Benedictine order was constructed in the English Gothic style by the architectural firm of Comes Perry and McMullen in Pittsburgh. It was dedicated in May 1928 and is constructed of sandstone and Indiana limestone.
 Dalton Park is a shopping centre in Murton County Durham. It is built on the site of the former colliery's slag heaps. It is the largest factory outlet style shopping centre in the North East where branded goods are sold at discounted prices usually discontinued lines of stock previous seasons ranges or items specifically made for the outlet market place. The prices are typically up to 50% off high street prices or RRP.
 The Little Jennie is a Chesapeake Bay bugeye built in 1884 and designed by J.T. Marsh of Solomons Maryland. She is homeported at Centerport Suffolk County New York. Her hull is 54 feet in length at the waterline her beam is 15.6 feet and her draft is 3.5 feet. She was restored between 1976 and 1985.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 BM Habitat Mall is one of the popular shopping mall in the Indian city of Mysore Karnataka. This is located behind the BM hospital in Jayalakshmipuram Mysore.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Butner (FCC Butner) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Butner North Carolina. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCC Butner is about 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Raleigh the state capital.
 The Primate's Palace (Polish: Pałac Prymasowski) is a historical palace at the Senatorska Street in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw Poland.
 Gloucester Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Gloucester Courthouse Gloucester County Virginia. The district encompasses 57 contributing buildings and 5 contributing sites.
 The Steilacoom Catholic Church (also known as the Church of the Immaculate Conception) is a Roman Catholic church in Steilacoom Washington USA. It was originally built in 1855 near Fort Steilacoom but was moved to its present location in 1864. It was the first Catholic church built in Washington. It was a mission church.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral is located in the Abbassia District in Cairo Egypt. It is the seat of the Coptic Orthodox Pope. It was built during the time when Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria was Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church and was inaugurated by him in 1968.The cathedral is named after St. Mark the Evangelist an apostle of Jesus and founder of the Coptic Church. Relics of his life are kept inside. It is by far the largest Cathedral in Africa and the Middle East.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is located at North Main and Madison (U.S. Route 20) avenues in Albany New York United States. It is a complex of three buildings centered around the church itself a stone structure designed by architect Norman Sturgis in the Late Gothic Revival architectural style and built in 1930. In 2005 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was established by a downtown church St.
 Hotel Continental is a hotel building located in Sibiu. It has 13 floors and a surface of 16000 sqm.
 The Spires is a 426-ft. (130m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 1983 and has 40 floors making it the 39th tallest building in the city. It is the tallest and most prominent building in Hermann Park and is visible from the southeast throughout the Houston Zoo. The Spires is a self managed building where homeowners are involved through various committees. The Spires' Board of Directors includes 11 homeowners who meet regularly.
 House at 207 Carpenter Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-sided house with a multi-gabled slate roof in the Queen Anne style. It features an attached tower with tent roof and a porte cochere with bell shaped roof. The porte cochere has a second floor sleeping porch with decorative balustrade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Boonsboro Washington County Maryland United States. Originally formed within Saint John's Parish it was incorporated into Antietam Parish in 1899.The original portion of the church was built in 1849 and is rectangular in shape with two-foot-thick walls 17 feet tall constructed of rough-cut native limestone.
 The Alexander Boyter House at 590 N. 200 West Beaver Utah was built in 1882 by Alexander Boyter and was his home. It was expanded twice. According to a 1979 historic site evaluation of the house the stonework in its original construction is fabulous.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 McNutt School is located in Boyce Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 26 1997.
 Peabody Hall is a historic site in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located in the northeastern section of the University of Florida. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It currently houses the Dean of Students Office and the Counseling Center at the university.
 100 First Plaza is a 27-story 136 m (446 ft) skyscraper in the financial district of San Francisco California completed in 1988. It is the 30th-tallest building in the city. Heller Manus Architects served as the design architects for the 100 First Plaza development that was designed with several setbacks along with a grooved and faceted façade and contains several rooftop curtain walls and a notable 19 m (62 ft) spire.
 Methodist Episcopal Church South (Bethesda Heritage Church) is a historic church at 238 E. 3rd Street in Albany Oregon.It was built circa 1875 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Hermitage of São Vicente (Portuguese: Ermida de São Vicente) is an early settlement hermitage in the locality of São Vicente civil parish of Santo António in the Portuguese municipality of São Roque do Pico on the Portuguese island of Pico in the archipelago of the Azores.
 Stoksund Church (Norwegian: Stoksund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Åfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Revsnes in the Stoksund area of Åfjord. The church is located right at the south end of the Stokkøy Bridge from the mainland to the island of Stokkøya.The church is part of the Fosen deanery and the Diocese of Nidaros. It was built in 1825 and consecrated on 10 July 1825 by Bishop Peder Olivarius Bugge.
 The Southern Railway North Avenue Yards now repurposed as the NorthYards business park is located just west of the railway line northwest from Downtown Atlanta adjacent to the Marietta Street Artery neighborhood rich in industrial history. The Yards represent a microcosm in changes in American railroads over the course of the 20th century. The Southern Railway Company first established the complex as early as 1911 as a turntable rail yard.
 Church of Our Saviour (Danish: Vor Frelsers Kirke) is a baroque church in Copenhagen Denmark most famous for its corkscrew spire with an external winding staircase that can be climbed to the top offering extensive views over central Copenhagen. It is also noted for its carillon which is the largest in northern Europe and plays melodies every hour from 8 am to midnight.
 Sandtorg Church (Norwegian: Sandtorg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørvika. The church is part of the Sandtorg parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1932. It was designed by the architect Sigurd Bjørhovde and it seats about 250 people.
 Gebouw Delftse Poort (English: Delft Gate Building) is a twin-tower skyscraper complex at Weena 505 next to the Rotterdam Centraal railway station in Rotterdam Netherlands. Tower I is 151.35 m (496.6 ft) with 41 storeys and Tower II is 93 m (305 ft) 25 storeys. Until May 2009 Tower I was the tallest office tower in the Netherlands. Both towers are built over a 4-storey multifunctional podium which adjoins the Rotterdam central station. The entire complex has 28 elevators.
 St. Helens Court is a five-story student residence hall at Portland State University in Portland Oregon a city in the United States. The building contains 36 studios and 15 one-bedroom units all unfurnished.
 The Museum of Old and New Art (MONA) is an art museum located within the Moorilla winery on the Berriedale peninsula in Hobart Tasmania Australia. It is the largest privately funded museum in Australia. The museum presents antiquities modern and contemporary art from the David Walsh collection. Walsh has described the museum as a subversive adult Disneyland.MONA was officially opened on 21 January 2011.
 Rolighed is a historic property in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Built in about 1770 it is one of few surviving examples of the summer retreats which dominated Frederiksberg from the late 18th century and until the area was absorbed by the expanding city of Copenhagen in the second half of the 19th century. It is now owned by University of Copenhagen.
 Glen Echo also known as Harpeth Hall is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is a former plantation house that is now the centerpiece and administrative office of the Battle Ground Academy campus.It was designed and/or built c. 1828 by Joseph Ruff. The structure includes Federal architecture.
 Rochambeau Library—Providence Community Library is an historic building at 708 Hope Streetin Providence Rhode Island.The building was built by Wallis Howe and O.D. Purington in 1930. The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Salakta Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Salakta.
 St. John the Baptist Greek Orthodox Church is located at 602 Park Avenue in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. The original congregation was formed in 1907 to meet the needs of Omaha's then-burgeoning Greek community. The current building is a city landmark that was originally constructed in 1908 for Omaha's Temple Israel and was sold to the St. John's parish in 1951.
 Sandwell Priory was a small medieval Benedictine monastery house near West Bromwich then part of Staffordshire England. Founded in the 12th century it had a fairly turbulent history and was dissolved in 1525 – more than a decade before the main Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII
 The Century is a 1931 Art Deco apartment building located at Central Park West and 63rd Street in Manhattan New York City. It was constructed at a cost of $6.5 million and designed by the firm of Irwin S. Chanin.Architecturally it is cast in the Art Deco style which causes it stand out from many of its neighbors which are designed in the Beaux-Arts style.
 Mains d’Œuvres (Manpower) is a not-for-profit arts organization based in Saint-Ouen a suburb of Paris. The organization supports contemporary art by coordinating residencies for emerging artists and by programming exhibitions and events.
 Market Hall Museum is an historic museum located in Warwick in Warwickshire England. The Market Hall forms part of The Warwickshire Museum alongside St John's House. The Warwickshire Museum is operated by Heritage and Culture Warwickshire. The collections on display at Market Hall are primarily focused on objects in the fields of archaeology geology and natural history and particularly those local to Warwickshire.
 Rameswaram TV Tower is a free-standing tower that was built in 1995. Standing at 323 metres (1060 ft) it is the tallest structure in India. The tower is used by Doordarshan for television broadcasting. The main structure is made of reinforced cement concrete and the mast is made of lattice steel.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse–Great Falls also known as Great Falls Post Office and Courthouse in Great Falls Montana was built in 1912. It was designed by James Knox Taylor and reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Trinity Church is a historic Episcopal church located at modern Elkridge Howard County Maryland. The post road site was also known as Waterloo Pierceland Jessop and Jessup throughout the years.It was built in 1856-57 as a chapel-of-ease in Queen Caroline Parish the mother church of which was and still is Christ Church Guilford near Columbia Maryland. The church land was donated from William G. Ridgley and Dr.
 The North Carolina Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of North Carolina and his or her family. Building began in the year 1883 and it was designed by noted architects Samuel Sloan and A.G. Bauer. The first occupants Governor Daniel G. Fowle and his family moved into the unfinished building in January 1891.
 The Upton Sinclair House located at 464 N. Myrtle Avenue Monrovia California was the home of American novelist Upton Sinclair between 1942 and 1966. It is a 1923 Neo-Mediterranean building in a district of similar houses located in the suburban Los Angeles community of Monrovia in the San Gabriel Valley. Most of his later works were written while he lived here.
 St Mary's Church Conistone is in the village of Conistone North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Carolina Inn is a hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Orange County North Carolina which opened in 1924.The Carolina Inn is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.It was built in 1922 by alumnus John Sprunt Hill and donated to the University in 1935. It was managed by Doubletree from 1993 to 2007.
 The Garfield County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located in Enid Oklahoma. It is on the National Register of Historic Places both individually and as a part of the Enid Downtown Historic District.
 The Fairmont Hotel Macdonald (generally known as the Hotel Macdonald) is a hotel built in 1912 in the city of Edmonton Alberta by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway. The hotel has successively been owned by Canadian National Railway Canadian Pacific Hotels and Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
 The Inland Steel Building located at 30 W. Monroe Street in Chicago is one of the city's defining commercial high-rises of the post-World War II era of modern architecture. It was built in the years 1956–1957 and was the first skyscraper to be built in the Chicago Loop following the Great Depression of the 1930s. Its principal designers were Bruce Graham and Walter Netsch of the Skidmore Owings & Merrill architecture firm.
 The Shoreby Hill Historic District encompasses a major residential subdivision north of the central business district of Jamestown Rhode Island. The 58-acre (23 ha) district was farmland until the late 19th century and was laid out in two phases. The first in 1898 includes the lower portion of the area rising from the shore of Jamestown Harbor; the upper portion was laid out in 1911.
 Ampthill is a plantation located in Cartersville Virginia United States roughly 45 minutes west of Richmond and just over an hour south of Charlottesville. The property is listed on both the National Register of Historic Places as well as the List of Virginia Historic Properties.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 209 West 82nd Street near Amsterdam Avenue in the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1898.
 St. John's Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 4527 Second Street in Port Hope Michigan.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Felton Public Library is a library in Felton California. It is located in a historic building at 6299 Gushee St. built in 1893 known formerly as Felton Presbyterian Church. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under that former name.The building was listed on the National Register in 1978.
 Cafe Express operates 19 fast-casual bistro-style restaurants in the U.S. state of Texas. The company has its headquarters in Houston.The chain was founded in 1984. At one point Wendy's International owned 70% of Cafe Express. In 2007 Wendy's sold the Company back to its original investor Redstone.
 Ellingham Priory was a medieval monastic house in Ellingham Hampshire England. It was founded by William de Soleres in 1160. It was a cell to the Abbey of Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte in Normandy. The church of Ellingham formed part of the grant of William de Solers to Ellingham Priory.It was dissolved in 1414 and sold to Eton College in 1462.
 St Francis of Assisi's Church Bournville is a parish church in the Church of England in Bournville Birmingham.
 The Dr. Franklin E. Kameny House in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. is a two-story brick Colonial Revival style house built in 1955 with a screened porch and a one-car garage. It is significant for its association with gay rights activist Franklin E. Kameny (1925-2011) having served as his home and office and as a headquarters for gay civil rights organizing.
 Dunnottar Parish Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland serving Stonehaven in the south of Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Kincardine and Deeside.
 The Saint Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church (Spanish: Iglesia Ortodoxa Griega San Nicolás) is an Eastern Orthodox church building located in the grounds of the headquarters of the Greek Community in Prado neighbourhood in Montevideo Uruguay. This church is a social and religious meeting point for the Greek Uruguayan community. It is part of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Buenos Aires and South America.
 Catedral Evangelica Reformada is a historic church at 27 Lincoln Park and Halsey Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Sutter-Meyer House is the oldest known residence in University City Missouri. It was built in 1873 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 1986 it was designated a Landmark of University City by the Historic Preservation Commission.
 The Grantsville School and Meetinghouse located at 90 N. Cooley Ln. in Grantsville Utah dates from 1861. It has also been known as the Grantsville City Hall and the Old Adobe Schoolhouse and it is now the Donner-Reed Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It served as a school for 30 years starting in 1861; it was used as Grantsville's city hall during 1894-1917. It employed locally made adobe bricks and use of Greek Revival styling.
 The Nara Visa School is a building in Nara Visa New Mexico. It originally housed the community's school and is now used as a civic center. It was constructed in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. George Indian Orthodox Church is a parish under the Madras Diocese of the Indian Orthodox Church.
 The Concourse (simplified Chinese: 鸿福中心; traditional Chinese: 鴻福中心; pinyin: Hóngfú zhōngxīn) is a post-modern high-rise commercial and residential building on Beach Road in Kallang Singapore. The Concourse is located in Singapore's Golden Mile which refers to the strip of land between Nicoll Highway and Beach Road. It was planned by the Singapore Government as a high-rise spine fronting Kallang Basin.
 Memorial Hall also known as the General Service Building is a historic dormitory building located on the campus of Coker College at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. It was built in two phases in 1913 and 1916. Memorial Hall which comprises approximately the north one-third of the building serves as the primary entrance to the entire building and is a three-story five bay masonry building with Neo-Classical details.
 The Kirschbraun and Sons Creamery is a historic building located at 901 Dodge Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.
 La Covacha is a high-end international restaurant nightclub and live concert venue in Miami Florida United States. Teresa and Aurelio Rodriguez opened the venue in 1989 as a cafeteria. A year later Aurelio created the nightclub and live music venue.
 Eastbrook Baptist Church and Eastbrook Town House is a historic church and town house on ME 200 in Eastbrook Maine.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Dr Maliso Mphele Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Tsolo Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Panglin Plaza (simplified Chinese: 彭年广场; traditional Chinese: 彭年廣場; pinyin: Péngnián Guǎngchǎng) is a 57-floor 240 metre (787 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 1999 located in Shenzhen China. It served as The Hilton till April 2006 since then it is The PangLin Hotel.
 The Waag is a former Weigh house in Haarlem that today serves as a café catering to tourists.
 Kreider Shoe Manufacturing Company is a historic factory building located at Elizabethtown Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1905 and is a three- to four-story U-shaped brick building. It is 21 bays wide and 13 bays deep and sits on a rough limestone foundation.
 The Egyptian National Military Museum is the official museum of the Egyptian Army.
 Liriodendron is a historic home and estate located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It was the summer home of Laetitia and Dr Howard Kelly a successful surgeon and founding member of the Johns Hopkins Medical College and comprises the mansion named Liriodendron; the Graybeal-Kelly House; a circa 1835 bank barn; a circa 1898 carriage house; a circa 1850 board-and-batten cottage; and five other outbuildings including a corn crib a smokehouse two ice houses and a shed.
 The Hilton Orlando is a new Hilton hotel in Orlando Florida near the Orange County Convention Center. The Hilton is the first hotel to be directly connected to the center via an elevated pedestrian walkway bridge.
 Time Residences is a 30-storey 170 m (560 ft) skyscraper project that proposed for construction in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The AED400 million 200 unit project was planned for completion in 2012 but was subsequently delayed due to the financial crises.Time Residences would have been the first skyscraper in the world to fully rotate 360 degrees powered by a solar power plant at the base of the tower.
 The Basilica of St. John the Apostle is a Roman Catholic Basilica in Des Moines Iowa at University Avenue and 19th Street in the Drake neighborhood.
 The Philippe Pinel Institute (French: Institut Philippe-Pinel) is a mental institution for the criminally insane located in Montreal Quebec. It is located at 10905 Henri Bourassa Blvd. East in the borough of Rivière-des-Prairies–Pointe-aux-Trembles. It is the only institution of its kind in Canada.
 The Deacon John Davenport House is a house in Stamford Connecticut United States that was built in 1775. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is a saltbox house with Federal style features added later. The property includes a secondary cottage and a carriagehouse. The house is significant for its architecture and for its association with the Davenport family.
 Manchester Civil Justice Centre is a governmental building in Manchester England. Completed in 2007 it houses Manchester's county court and the Manchester District Registry of the High Court the city's family proceedings court the district probate registry and the regional and area Offices of the Court Service.The Civil Justice Centre was first major court complex built in Britain since George Edmund Street's Royal Courts of Justice in London completed in 1882.
 The Joel W. Solomon Federal Building and United States Courthouse commonly referred to as the Solomon Building is a historic post office and courthouse located at Chattanooga Tennessee in Hamilton County Tennessee. The courthouse serves the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as U.S. Post Office.
 Voodoo Doughnut is an independent doughnut shop based in Portland Oregon known for its unusual doughnuts eclectic decor and iconic pink boxes featuring the company logo and illustrations of voodoo priests. In addition to two shops in Portland and one in Eugene Voodoo recently expanded to Denver Colorado.
 Castle of Waha is a castle in Waha Belgium. It is the main residence of the Duke and Princes of Arenberg in Belgium.
 Faber Double-Crib Barn is a historic barn located near Kenna Jackson County West Virginia. It was built in 1859-1860 and is a double-pen style log barn with each pen measuring 22 by 22 feet (6.7 by 6.7 m). A 22 feet wide breezeway originally with a thrashing floor separates the two pens.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 This article is about the Jerusalem orphanage that became known as Camp Schneller; for other uses see SchnellerSchneller Orphanage also called the Syrian Orphanage was a German Protestant orphanage that operated in Jerusalem from 1860 to 1940. It was one of the first structures to be built outside the Old City of Jerusalem (the others are Mishkenot Sha’ananim and the Russian Compound) and paved the way for the expansion of Jerusalem in the 19th century.
 Poti Cathedral (Georgian: ფოთის საკათედრო ტაძარი) or Poti Soboro Cathedral is a Georgian Orthodox church in downtown Poti Georgia.The cathedral is an imitation of Hagia Sofia in Istanbul and it was built in 1906-07 with the great contribution of Niko Nikoladze the mayor of Poti. Notably Niko Nikoladze chose the location of the cathedral in the center of the town to make it viewable from every side of Poti. A. Zelenko and M.
 St. James is a Roman Catholic church in Stratford Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 For the church in Tarpon Springs Florida see St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church (Tarpon Springs Florida)St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church stood across Liberty Street from the World Trade Center in New York City USA. It was completely destroyed in the September 11 2001 attacks when the south tower collapsed. It was the only non-WTC building to be immediately destroyed by the attacks although the Deutsche Bank Building and Fiterman Hall were deconstructed due to severe damage.
 The former Kingston City Library building is located on Broadway in the center of Kingston New York United States. It is a brick Carnegie library built in 1903 in the Classical Revival architectural style.It served continuously as the city's library until 1974 when it was closed after a newer library was built in the city's Stockade District.
 Matthew Thornton House was the home of Matthew Thornton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.It is located at 2 Thornton Street at the intersection with North Main Street in Derry New Hampshire.
 Molteno Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Inkwanca Local Municipality area in Molteno Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services X-Ray Services Physiotherapy Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 The Eliot Memorial Bridge is a footbridge which was built in 1904 in memory of Charles Eliot landscape architect to the Metropolitan Park Commission. Although he is perhaps best known for his design of the Charles River Esplanade much of the open space in the Boston area benefited directly or indirectly from his work.The Great Blue Hill Observation Tower known locally as Eliot Tower a 35-foot-tall (11 m) stone structure was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC).
 The Eggleston School is former school and current private residential structure located at the 10539 Nolan Road in rural Nester Township in southeastern Roscommon County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on February 29 1996 and soon after added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 4 1996.
 Cradock Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Inxuba Yethemba Local Municipality area in Cradock Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 William McEchron House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1891 and is a 2 1⁄2-story asymmetrical stone-and-frame residence that incorporates elements of Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival design. The first story is built of rock-faced random ashlar sandstone. It features a pair of stone arches at the entrance and a massive stone arch at the porte cochere.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Nectan's Church is the parish church of Welcombe on the border of Devon and Cornwall.W. G. Hoskins writes St Nectan's Chapel was one of the many medieval chapels in the vast parish of Hartland. It lies in unspoiled country altogether Cornish in appearance and feeling with views down the combes to the Atlantic. Welcombe was raised to parochial status in 1508 when the church was enlarged by the addition of the north and south transepts.
 Austertana Chapel (Norwegian: Austertana kapell) is a parish church in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Austertana. The church is part of the Tana parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1958 by the architect Trond Dancke. The church seats about 144 people.
 Hotel Majestic is the historical hotel in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. This hotel is located near Kuala Lumpur Railway Station. It was built in 1932 as a 51 room hotel. During World War Two it was used as a transit camp by the Japanese. When Japan surrendered it was reported that a soldier committed suicide in room 48. Dato Onn bin Jaafar held an inaugural meeting for the formation of the Independence of Malaya Party (IMP) a non-racial party at the Majestic Hotel on 17 September 1951.
 The Morgan Building is an office building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 John Rex Farm also known as Goodwin/Strickler Farm is a historic home and farm located at Jefferson Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The main house was built about 1874 and is a 1 1/2-story frame dwelling with a steeply pitched gable roof in the Gothic Revival style. The house was renovated in 1990 at which time a full basement was added. Also on the property are the contributing summer kitchen (c. 1865) barn (c. 1870) carriage house (c. 1870) smokehouse (c.
 The Continental-Life Building also known as the Continental Building is an Art Deco skyscraper in St. Louis Missouri USA which was completed in 1930. The building is located in Grand Center in St. Louis' Midtown neighborhood and it is visible from Interstate 64/Highway 40 and Interstate 44.Commissioned by Edward Mays to be the home of his two businesses Continental-Life Insurance and the Grand National Bank the building was designed by William B. Ittner a prominent St.
 Pearl Continental Tower (PC Tower) is an under construction extension project of the existing Pearl Continental Hotel in Lahore Pakistan. The project was conceived by Pakistan Services Ltd. the owners & operators of Pearl Continental Hotels and Resorts. The Tower Wing of the Hotel is being constructed within the existing confines of the hotel premises at an estimated cost of US$ 80 Million and was initially expected to be completed in 2010.
 Orange Grove Plantation is a historic plantation home and national historic district located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. The district encompasses one contributing building and two contributing sites and is primarily significant for its association with an early-20th century influx of Northerners onto St. Helena Island. The plantation house built about 1800 was in poor condition when Henry L. Bowles (1866-1932) a U.S.
 Lade Church (Norwegian: Lade Kirke) is located in the Lade neighborhood in the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway just southeast of Korsvika and east of Ladehammeren. The church is part of the Lade parish in the Nidaros deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.Lade Church is believed to be one of Norway's oldest stone churches. Nobody knows exactly when it was built but people started using it around 1190.
 Spye Park is a historic home located at White Plains Charles County Maryland United States. It is a modestly scaled 1 1⁄2-story three-bay frame Colonial dwelling built about 1767. The house's present plan and appearance is the result of a series of 19th- and early-20th-century alterations to the original structure which was a rectangular one-room-deep building with end chimneys.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Petersburg (FCC Petersburg) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.The complex consists of three facilities: Federal Correctional Institution Petersburg Low (FCI Petersburg Low): a low-security facility with an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security inmates.
 The Port Charlotte Town Center is a mall located in Port Charlotte Florida. Many of the shoppers are from Port Charlotte and bordering towns such as North Port Englewood and Punta Gorda. The anchor stores include Beall's Dillard's JCPenney Macy's and Sears.
 The Johnston Library is a historic library located at 210 W. 10th St. in Baxter Springs Kansas. The building was constructed in 1872 to serve as a courthouse during Baxter Springs' unsuccessful attempt to become the Cherokee County seat. Though Baxter Springs had lost an election to choose the county seat in 1869 to Columbus supporters of both cities had attempted to fraudulently swing the election in their favor and Baxter Springs hoped it could still become county seat in the future.
 The Edwards-Franklin House was built in 1799 by Gideon Edwards and was later occupied by congressional representative Meshack Franklin brother of North Carolina governor Jesse Franklin (1820-1821). The house is located in Franklin Township in Surry County North Carolina. It was restored by the Surry County Historical Society in 1973.The house is open to visitors.
 Dragon Hill Lodge is a U.S. Department of Defense - owned hotel in Seoul South Korea. It is co-located with and is a part of the Yongsan Garrison (which mean Dragon Mountain in Korean) military community.The Lodge is an Armed Forces Recreation Center (AFRC) resort hotel and serves thousands of guests each year all of whom are required to be active or retired military DOD employees or their family members.
 Paw Paw Building also known as Odd Fellows Hall is a historic building located at Port Deposit Cecil County Maryland. It is a two story 36-by-40-foot (11 by 12 m) stone structure covered with plaster that was built in 1821 by the First Methodist Episcopal congregation. It was used as a church until 1839. It was then used as a school called Heath of Health Academy and later Odd Fellows Academy.
 Hôtel de Pontalba is a French mansion located at 41 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré in the 8th arrondissement of Paris France. It is the official residence of the United States Ambassador to France.
 The Warsaw Spire is an office building under construction in Warsaw Poland.It will be the second tallest building in Warsaw and in Poland upon its completion in 2014.
 The Trinity Church (in Norwegian Trefoldighetskirken) really Church of Holy Trinity is a church in the neighborhood of Hammersborg in central Oslo Norway. Trinity Church is neighbor of the government buildings in Regjeringskvartalet. It is the parish church of the parish of Trinity belonging to the Diocese of Oslo of the Church of Norway. It is one of the largest churches in Oslo (1000 seats).
 The Link–Lee House is a large historic home located in Montrose in central Houston Harris County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is currently serving as the executive office of the University of St. Thomas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Harris County Texas in 2000 and became a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 2001.
 The Gourley's Opera House on Second St. in Rushville Nebraska was built in 1914.It is a one-part commercial block building and has been known as Star Theatre as S & S Theatre and as Plains Theatre.It is approximately 50 by 80 feet (15 m × 24 m) and has a false front and a tin roof. It was built by Dave Gourley who brought electricity to Rushville.
 Plymouth Congregational Church of Lawrence Kansas is an affiliate of the United Church of Christ that was established in 1854 months after the Territory of Kansas was opened to settlement. The present-day church building built in 1870 is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The architect was John G. Haskell who was among the architects of the Kansas State Capitol.
 St Oswald's Church Ravenstonedale is located in the village of Ravenstonedale Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of All Saints Orton and St James Tebay. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Burlington Center Mall is a two-level enclosed shopping mall located in Burlington Township New Jersey opened in August 1982. It was built by The Rouse Company of Columbia Maryland. The mall has a Gross leasable area of 670000 ft².The mall's two anchor stores are J.C. Penney (which is closing in 2014) and Sears. A third anchor Macy's closed in 2010. The mall is currently owned by Moonbeam Equities.
 Holy Trinity Church commonly known as Horwich Parish Church is a Grade II listed building in Horwich Greater Manchester England. It is an active Church of England parish church and part of the Deane deanery in the archdeaconry of Bolton diocese of Manchester. Holy Trinity Church is now part of the United Benefice of Horwich and Rivington which includes the other two Anglican churches in Horwich St Catherine's Church and St Elizabeth's Church and Rivington Anglican Church.
 Kennicott Grove is an area of prairie that includes the home of John Kennicott (1802 – 1863) and his family including his son Robert Kennicott (1835 – 1866). John Kennicott was an agriculturalist and a doctor. Robert Kennicott was a naturalist and an explorer who founded the Chicago Academy of Sciences.The grove is 123 acres (0.50 km2) in size. It is located near the intersection of Milwaukee Ave. and Lake Ave.
 St. Stephen's Cathedral (German: Stephansdom) is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vienna and the seat of the Archbishop of Vienna Christoph Cardinal Schönborn OP. The current Romanesque and Gothic form of the cathedral seen today in the Stephansplatz was largely initiated by Duke Rudolf IV (1339–1365) and stands on the ruins of two earlier churches the first a parish church consecrated in 1147. The most important religious building in Austria's capital St.
 The Lake McDonald Lodge Historic District comprises the Lake McDonald Lodge and surrounding structures on the shores of Lake McDonald in the western portion of Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is centered on the main lodge which was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1987 as well as surrounding guest cabins dormitory buildings employee residences utility buildings and retail structures.
 The Joseph E. Hall House is a privately owned residential house located at 210 South Oneida Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986. It is located just around the corner from the George J. Kempf House.The house was built in as early as 1870 for Joseph E. Hall a local jeweler and instrument maker.
 Elmhurst also known as the William H. Tarr House or William and Carol Lynn Residence is a historic country home located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in 1848 and is a two story five bay rectangular brick dwelling with a hipped roof in the Greek Revival style. It sits on a stone ashlar foundation and features a single bay portico with a hipped roof supported by Tuscan order columns.
 Ampang Park is recognised as one of Malaysia's first shopping centres and is located near Suria KLCC in Kuala Lumpur.
 The Clare at Water Tower is a high-rise senior living community is situated on the Loyola University Chicago Water Tower Campus in Chicago's Gold Coast at Rush Street & Pearson Street.
 The Church of St. Paul is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at in Manhattan New York City.
 Kalmunai North Hospital is a government hospital in Kalmunai Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the central government in Colombo. As of 2010 it had 413 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kalmunai North Base Hospital.
 The Riegel Covered Bridge No. 6 (also known as Reuben Reigel's Covered Bridge) was an historic wooden covered bridge located in Franklin Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It was a 107.25-foot-long (32.69 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1870. It crossed the Roaring Creek. It was one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties identified in the late-1970s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Prospect Park Historic District in Davenport Iowa United States is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. In its 23.2-acre (9.4 ha) area it included 23 contributing buildings in 1984. The Prospect Park hill was listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993.The historic district is a small neighborhood located on the western border of the Village of East Davenport.
 St. Stanislaus Parish is a Roman Catholic parish designated for Polish immigrants in Fall River Massachusetts United States.Founded in 1903 it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Fall River.
 San Siro is a basilica in Genoa Liguria Italy one of the oldest churches in the city. Located today in the historical center near the Basilica of the Vastato it occupies the place of a religious structure originally dedicated to the apostles. In later centuries the church was then named after St Syrus of Genoa a beatified bishop.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Basilica Poondi is a Catholic pilgrimage centre located in Tamil Nadu South India. Poondi is a small village located in Thiruvaiyaru Taluk (also spelled as Taluka) about 35 km away from Thanjavur.
 The Vakil Mosque (Persian: مسجد وکیل ‎ - Masjed-e Vakil) is a mosque in Shiraz southern Iran situated to the west of the Vakil Bazaar next to its entrance. This mosque was built between 1751 and 1773 during the Zand period; however it was restored in the 19th century during the Qajar period. Vakil means regent which was the title used by Karim Khan the founder of Zand Dynasty. Shiraz was the seat of Karim Khan’s government and he endowed many buildings including this mosque.
 Homeplace Plantation House also known as Keller Homestead is a National Historic Landmark in St. Charles Parish Louisiana.Erected 1787-1791 this is an excellent example of a large French Colonial two-story raised cottage. The first-story walls are brick while the second-story walls made of cypress timbers infilled with a clay and Spanish moss mixture. Above a steeply pitched hip roof with dormers extends on all four sides to cover two-story galleries.
 The Hotel Clovis is a high-rise building in Clovis New Mexico United States. It originally opened on October 20 1931. It originally served as a hotel. When it was built at 119 feet (36 m) and 10 stories high it was the tallest building between Albuquerque New Mexico and Dallas Texas. Hotel Clovis was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Although vacant since 1983 Developer Stephen Crozier has launched an extensive renovation of the 10-story Clovis Hotel.
 The Roswell Darius Bird Sr. House on S. Main St. in Mapleton Utah was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The house has seven rooms.
 The Fortress of São João Baptista (Portuguese: Forte de São João Baptista) also known as the Fortaleza do Monte Brasil (Fortress of Monte Brasil) and Fortaleza de São Filipe (Fortress of Saint Philip) is a historic fortress and defensive emplacement located in the civil parish of Sé municipality of Angra do Heroísmo in the Portuguese island of Terceira archipelago of the Azores.
 Bear Mountain Bridge Road is a three-mile (4.8 km) two-lane section of US 6/202 from the west approach to Bear Mountain Bridge to a former toll house in the Town of Cortlandt New York United States. It winds around the steep rocky slopes of Anthony's Nose the southernmost peak of the Hudson Highlands on the east side of the Hudson River.
 Carondelet Palace (Spanish: Palacio de Carondelet) is the seat of government of the Republic of Ecuador located in Quito. Access is by the public space known as Independence Square or Plaza Grande (colloquial name) around which are also the Archbishop's Palace Municipal Palace Hotel Plaza Grande and Metropolitan Cathedral.
 Old St. Peter's Church and Old Cemetery also known as St. Peter's Church of Cortlandt is a historic Episcopal church and cemetery at Oregon Road and Locust Avenue in Van Cortlandtville Westchester County New York. The church was built in 1766 and measures 28 feet by 36 feet. It is a wood frame building sheathed in clapboards and was restored in 1964. The nearby Elmsford Reformed Church was built in 1783 and is a close replica.
 Maple Grove Hospital is located in Maple Grove Minnesota. It is the only hospital facility in Maple Grove.
 The Thomas Alexander Burningham House at 2849 Pali Highway in Honolulu Hawaiʻi built in 1910 is a good example of the earliest American Craftsman bungalow homes in the city. Its flaired hip roof and stone-and-stucco siding differentiate it from the many gabled and often half-timbered bungalows built during the 1920s. The architect was Thomas Gill (the father of Thomas P. Gill) who designed the Oahu Country Club building and many residences in Honolulu between 1899 and 1941.
 The Belknap Stone House in Newburgh New York USA was built by Abel Belknap in the 1750s.
 Vietnam–Sweden Hospital (Vietnamese: Bệnh viện Việt Nam-Thụy Điển) is the largest general hospital in Quảng Ninh Province Vietnam founded in 1981 with the help of the Swedish; It was also known as Uông Bí hospital.At present the hospital has 7 functional 19 clinical and 8 subclinical departments.
 The Jackson Branch Bridge No. 15 also known as the Tecumseh Railroad Bridge due to its close proximity to the city of Tecumseh is a historic railway deck truss bridge that spans the River Raisin in rural Raisin Charter Township in Lenawee County Michigan.
 Ringwood Manor was home to a number of well-known ironmasters from the 1740s to the late 19th century. During the American Revolutionary War Robert Erskine managed ironmaking operations from Ringwood Passaic County New Jersey and became George Washington's first geographer and Surveyor General producing maps for the Continental Army; Washington visited the Manor House several times. Ringwood iron was used in the Hudson River Chain and for tools and hardware for the army. Martin J.
 The Homer Wilson Ranch also known as the Blue Creek Ranch was one of the largest ranches in the early twentieth century in what would become Big Bend National Park in Texas. The ranch was established by Homer Wilson in 1929 at Oak Springs to the west of the Chisos Mountains. Ultimately comprising 44 sections of land amounting to more than 28000 acres (11000 ha) the Oak Canyon-Blue Creek Ranch was acquired by the State of Texas in 1942 for incorporation into the new park.
 The Lyttelton Road Tunnel Administration Building was built in the mid-1960s as an operational building for the Lyttelton road tunnel in Christchurch New Zealand. The building was designed by architect Peter Beaven and is seen as significant in the development of New Zealand architecture.When the building was commissioned the Christchurch Lyttelton Road Tunnel Authority wanted an impressive structure that would reflect the importance of the newly built tunnel connection into Christchurch.
 Carter House in Elkader Iowa also known as W. C. Reimer House is a Greek Revival home built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Allied Hospital is the largest hospital in Pakistan. It is located on Jail Road in Faisalabad in Punjab Pakistan. Allied Hospital is also a teaching hospital in Punjab Medical College.
 St Mary's Church Hemel Hempstead in Hertfordshire United Kingdom is the parish church of the town and its oldest place of worship.
 Robertson House in Kensett Arkansas was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Grey Nuns Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in the Mill Woods area of south Edmonton Alberta Canada. The Grey Nuns Community Hospital provides a full range of services including a 24-hour Emergency Department. The 14-bed tertiary palliative care unit is known for its delivery of care and teaching practices. The hospital traces its roots to the Grey Nuns of Montreal who sent Sister Emery (Zoe LeBlanc) Adel Lamy and Alphonse (Marie Jacques) to the Edmonton area in 1859.
 The Winona Hotel in Winona Minnesota United States is a building from 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Sir John Soane's Museum was formerly the home of the neo-classical architect John Soane. It holds many drawings and models of Soane's projects and the collections of paintings drawings and antiquities that he assembled.The museum is in the Holborn area of central London adjacent to Lincoln's Inn Fields. It is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture Media and Sport.
 La Tante DC 10 Restaurant is a public private partnership restaurant established in Accra which operates from the defunct Ghana Airways DC-10 carrier. It is the first airplane restaurant to be established in Africa. It is situated opposite the Marina Mall at the Airport City in Accra.The La Tante DC 10 restaurant is fully air-conditioned with a unique ambiance has and a seating capacity of 118.
 The Carnegie Library in Parsons Kansas is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Centerville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the heart of the village of Centerville in Barnstable Massachusetts. The district extends along Main Street from a point north of its junction with Old Stage Road and Park Avenue south to the junction with Church Hill Road. Most of the buildings in the district were built in the middle decades of the 19th century although its oldest building the Austin Bearse House was built c. 1690.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal parish in Syracuse New York. The Gothic Revival building was designed by Horatio Nelson White and was built in 1876. It is located at 819 Madison Avenue near Syracuse University. On March 20 1973 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The William and Mary Farnum House was an historic house located at 4 Albee Road Uxbridge Massachusetts United States. The 2 1⁄2 story brick house was built in 1821 and was a fine local example of Federal style architecture. The house may have originally been built for the grandchildren of Moses Farnum a prominent early settler of the area.On January 20 1984 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Monument Park Historic District is a historic district centered on Monument Park in downtown Fitchburg Massachusetts. The district includes a number of civic religious and commercial buildings near the park including the armory post office county courthouse and two churches.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Park Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It encompasses 89 contributing buildings one contributing site one contributing structure and one contributing object. It is principally a residential district built up between 1885 and 1928. The dominant architectural styles are Italianate Queen Anne Colonial Revival and Arts and Crafts.
 National Road also known as Peacock Road is located off of U.S. Route 40 between Cambridge and Old Washington Ohio. The road was placed on the National Register on 1985-08-23.
 Yew Hill-Robert Ashby's Tavern-Shacklett's Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Delaplane Fauquier County Virginia. The main house was built about 1760–1761 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay Colonial-era frame structure. It sits on a stone foundation and features a jerkin-head gable roof. Also on the property are the contributing meat house built about 1760–1817; barn (1798–1799 1857); and spring house ruin (c. 1800).
 Centre Square Mall is a shopping mall in Yellowknife Northwest Territories Canada notable for being the largest shopping centre in the territory. It is housed in the tallest building in the city.
 The Buddhist Temple of Chicago (BTC) was founded in October 1944 by Gyomay Kubose a minister of the Higashi Honganji branch of the Jōdo Shinshū (“Pure Land True Essence”) sect along with several laypeople who had been released from the Japanese American internment camps.
 The Balmville Tree is an old-growth eastern cottonwood growing at the intersection of River Road Balmville Road and Commonwealth Avenue in Balmville New York a hamlet within the Town of Newburgh. It is the oldest tree of that species in the Eastern United States.It was thought at first to be a Balm-of-Gilead tree and lent that name to the surrounding community.
 Jordberga Castle (Swedish: Jordberga slott) is a castle in Trelleborg Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It is inhabited and owned by Otto von Arnold former member of the Swedish Riksdag for the Christian Democrats.
 The Cathedral of St. John and St. Finbar was the first Roman Catholic cathedral in Charleston South Carolina. Begun in 1850 and consecrated on April 6 1854 it was destroyed on December 11 1861 in a fire that ravaged much of Charleston. A new cathedral—the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist built on the same site-was started on in 1890. It opened in 1907 and was completed in 2010.
 The Church of Saint Michael is a Gothic-style Roman Catholic church in Cluj-Napoca. It is the second largest church (after the Black Church of Brașov) in the geographical region of Transylvania Romania. The nave is 50 meters long and 24 meters wide the apse is 20×10 m. The tower with its height of 76 meter (80 meter including the cross) is the highest one in Transylvania.
 Flå Church (Norwegian: Flå kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Ler.The wooden church was built in 1794 to hold up to 150 people. The church is part of the Flå parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Ellerton in Swaledale Priory was a Priory of Cistercian nuns in North Yorkshire England. It was established by the Egglescliffe family in the late 12th century and dissolved in 1535. In 1342 it suffered badly at the hands of marauding Scots who are described as having razed and despoiled the Priory.The Priory ruins stand close to the Richmond to Reeth road just a mile downstream from the former Benedictine Priory of Marrick.
 Chợ Rẫy Hospital is the largest general hospital in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam founded in 1900 during the French colonial rule as Hôpital Municipal de Cholon.
 The Church of St. Joan of Arc is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 174th Street at Stratford Avenue The Bronx New York City. It was established in 1949.
 Salem Presbyterian Parsonage also known as the Old Manse is a historic parsonage associated with Salem Presbyterian Church and located at Salem Virginia. The core section was built in 1847 and is a two-story central passage plan brick I-house. A front section was added to the core in 1879 giving the house an L-shaped configuration; an addition in 1922 filled in the L.
 The Victoria Centre (rebranded in 2013 as the Intu Victoria Centre) is a shopping centre in Nottingham England constructed between 1967 and 1972.The Victoria Centre has various fashion and high street stores as well as cafes restaurants a health & fitness centre and the Nottingham Victoria bus station. Over three million people live within a 45 minute drive of the centre.[citation needed]
 St Peter le Poer was a church on the west side of Broad Street in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt in 1540 and again in 1792 to a design by Jesse Gibson with a circular nave. It was demolished in 1907.
 The Winthrop Mill is located in New London Connecticut. The building was built in 1650 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 30 1982. The building is currently being restored.The Winthrop Mill will be open to visit and tour the second and last Saturday of July and August from 12-3 PM. There is a Painters Poets and Pickers festival scheduled for June 22.
 The Church of St Lawrence at Priddy Somerset England dates from the 13th century with some rebuilding in the 15th century and was restored in 1881–88; it is a Grade I listed building.The three bells in the church were augmented to five in 1997. The church includes a medieval altar frontal.The church is surrounded by a circular churchyard which predates the building.
 The Alfred I. DuPont Building is a historic building in Miami Florida. It is located at 169 East Flagler Street. On January 4 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building was built in 1939 and is 260 feet (87 m) tall with 21 floors. It is an example of Moderne architecture and was the first skyscraper built after the County courthouse and the bust of 1928. Thus it represents Miami's emergence from the great depression.
 Pennsylvania Railroad Old Bridge over Standing Stone Creek also known as Conrail Old Bridge over Standing Stone Creek is a historic multi-span stone arch bridge spanning Standing Stone Creek and located at Huntingdon Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad between 1848 and 1850. It was in use until 1892 when the main line was relocated onto the former Pennsylvania Canal bed.
 The Samuel Bancroft House is a historic house at 232 West Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1748 and may incorporate portions of an even older building. It was built by Samuel Bancroft a locally prominent civic leader who purchased the property in 1748. The house was later owned by Ephraim Weston a businessman who built another house nearby and turned this house over to his son.
 OSF Saint Francis Medical Center located in Peoria Illinois United States is a teaching hospital for the University of Illinois College of Medicine at Peoria and part of the OSF Healthcare System. The Center which is the largest hospital in the Peoria metropolitan area and in central Illinois is designated by the state of Illinois as the Level I adult and pediatric regional trauma center for a 26-county region in mid-Illinois.
 Pawon (known locally as Candi Pawon) is a Buddhist temple in Central Java Indonesia. Located between two other Buddhist temples Borobudur (1.75 km (1.09 mi) to the northeast) and Mendut (1.15 km (0.71 mi) to the southwest) Pawon is connected with the other two temples all of which were built during the Sailendra dynasty (8th–9th centuries).
 Nakornthon Hospital is a hospital located in Thonburi (Bangkok Thailand). It first opened on November 10 1996 to provide health care for the local community.Today the hospital provides medical care through multidisciplinary teams of trained specialists. The hospital operates with a 500 bed capacity and more than 15 specialty centers and has received the ISO 9001:2000 certification as well as the Thailand Hospital Accreditation.
 Boxley Abbey Barn is a large medieval barn in Boxley Kent. It is a remnant of the buildings of the mostly demolished Boxley Abbey. The barn is 186 feet (57 m) long aligned with its long axis roughly east-west and was built in the late 13th or early 14th century. It is constructed of local ragstone with two storeys and a plan tiled gable roof. Irregularly sized and placed windows and doors punctuate each of its façades.
 St. Mary's of the Barrens Church is a Roman Catholic Church and former Seminary in Perryville Missouri. St. Mary's is the historic seat of the American Vincentians and since its establishment in 1818 has served as an educational institution a Vincentian house of formation and a Vincentian community residence.
 Poison Spring State Park is an Arkansas state park located southeast of Bluff City. It commemorates the Battle of Poison Spring in the American Civil War which was part of the 1864 Camden Expedition. Confederates and Choctaw Indians attacked and overcame a supply wagon of Union soldiers. The term poison spring arises from the apocryphal story that Confederate soldiers poisoned nearby springwater.
 The Bishop's Barn in Silver Street Wells Somerset England was built as a tithe barn in the 15th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.It was built of local stone roughly squared with Doulting ashlar dressings and a Westmorland slate roof.Royalist troops were quartered in the barn during the Bloody Assizes.
 The Wahpeton Post Office in Wahpeton North Dakota United States is a post office building that was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-Wahpeton.
 The Church of St John-at-Hackney is situated in the London Borough of Hackney. It was built in 1792 in an open field north east of Hackney's medieval parish church of which only St Augustine's Tower remains. Separated by the southern extension of Lower Clapton Road it looks north to the late Georgian Clapton Square.
 The Lewis and Clark Confluence Tower is a 180-foot-tall (55 m) tower on the Illinois bank of the Mississippi River at the confluence of it and the Missouri River. The tower complements the Lewis and Clark State Historic Site about one mile to the south where the Lewis and Clark Expedition made winter camp before setting up the Missouri river.The tower has platforms at 50 100 and 150 feet providing a good view of the confluence of the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers. Downtown St.
 Morton House also known as Morton Mansion is a historic home located at Webster Springs Webster County West Virginia. It is a Queen Anne style house that dates to 1912. It is a massive red brick dwelling set on a solid stone foundation and with a hipped roof. It features two 2 1/2 story turrets and each is topped with a conical shingled roof and capped with wooden finials. It also has a wraparound porch around 3/4 of the house. It was the home of Eskridge H.
 The Callahan House also known as the Jacob Helm House is a historic home located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area south of Milford in Dingman Township Pike County Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections with the older dated to about 1800 and the later to about 1820. It is a long 1 1/2-story clapboard-clad frame dwelling with a steep gable roof.
 The Punakha Dzong also known as Pungtang Dechen Photrang Dzong (meaning “the palace of great happiness or bliss”) is the administrative centre of Punakha dzongkhag in Punakha Bhutan. Constructed by Zhabdrung (Shabdrung) Ngawang Namgyal in 1637–38 it is the second oldest and second largest dzong in Bhutan and one of its most majestic structures.
 Dubai International Airport Terminal 3 is an airport terminal at Dubai International Airport serving Dubai UAE. When completed and opened on 14 October 2008 it was the largest building in the world and is currently worlds largest airport terminal with over 1713000 m2 (18440000 sq ft) of space. The partly underground Terminal 3 was built at a cost of US$4.5 billion exclusively for Emirates and has a capacity of 43 million passengers.
 Oratory of Saint Lawrence all'alpe Seccio (Italian: Oratorio di San Lorenzo all'alpe Seccio is a Roman Catholic church in the village of Boccioleto in the Province of Vercelli and the region of Piedmont Italy. The oratory situated 1380 metres above sea level is reachable only by a trail that winds through forests of beech trees until you reach the alpine pastures overlooking Cavaione Valley a side valley of the Sermenza Valley.
 The Cathedral of St. Anthony of Padua (Lithuanian: Telšių Šv. Antano Paduviečio katedra) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Telšiai Lithuania seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Telšiai.
 The Church of Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Amenia Dutchess County New York City. It was established as a parish in 1866.
 The Bryce Building in Fort Worth Texas was built in 1910. It is a Renaissance style building designed by William J. Bryce. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Rivulet Mill Complex is an historic group of mill buildings located at 60 Rivulet Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. It was originally built by Chandler Taft. Richard Sayles purchased the mill in 1864 and after repairs began the manufacture of shoddy a yarn made from woolen scraps and used clothing. (Richard Sayles was a graduate of the Uxbridge Academy and his family was prominent in Pawtucket Rhode Island.) In 1872 the original mill burned and was totally destroyed.
 Thompson House is an historic structure located in Poughkeepsie New York. Built c. 1880 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 26 1982. The private residence is considered to be in excellent condition.
 Entranceway at Main Street at Lafayette Boulevard is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built about 1920 by Orange & Black Corp. Developers. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of roofed stone archways connecting half-height stone walls and stone posts located on either corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church now known as Douglas Memorial Community Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a brick Greek Revival temple-fronted structure featuring four fluted Corinthian columns and built 1857-1858. The rear addition is a two-story Colonial Revival style wing dating from about 1900.Madison Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The F. A. Kennedy Steam Bakery is an historic bakery at 129 Franklin Street in Cambridge Massachusetts that first produced the Fig Newton.
 The Capitol at Williamsburg Virginia housed the House of Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia from 1705 when the capital was relocated there from Jamestown until 1779 when the capital was relocated to Richmond. Two capitol buildings served the colony on the same site: the first from 1705 until its destruction by fire in 1747; the second from 1753 to 1779.The earlier capitol was reconstructed in the early 1930s as part of the restoration of Colonial Williamsburg.
 The Congregação Israelita Paulista (English: São Paulo Israelite Congregation) in São Paulo is the largest synagogue in Latin America serving more than 1500 people[citation needed].
 Ferrara Cathedral (Italian: Basilica Cattedrale di San Giorgio Duomo di Ferrara) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and minor basilica in Ferrara Northern Italy. Dedicated to Saint George the patron saint of the city it is the seat of the Archbishop of Ferrara and the largest religious building in the city.The cathedral stands in the city centre not far from the Palazzo Comunale and the famous Castello Estense and is connected to the Archbishop's Palace by a covered passage.
 The Seaside Inn (formerly the Seaside Inn & Cottages) is an Inn in Kennebunkport Maine which has been in continuous operation under the same family since 1667 making it one of the oldest companies in the United States.
 Sema Parc Hotel is a future 5-star hotel project in Bucharest. The project consists of a 22-floor building with a surface of 18000 m2 that will function as a 400-room hotel.
 The Protestant church of Damwâld-Moarrewâld or Saint Boniface’s church is a religious building in Damwâld-Moarrewâld one of the medieval churches in Friesland. It is a Romanesque church built c. 1200 out of red brick with a straight closed choir dating from the early 16th century and a tower from the 13th century.
 Macau University of Science and Technology Hospital (MUST Hospital; Chinese: 科大醫院) is one of three hospitals in Macau China. The hospital is located in the Cotai area of Macau. Opened in 2006 it is run by the Macau University of Science and Technology.The hospital focuses on both Chinese and Western medicine and is associated with the University’s Macau Institute for Applied Research in Medicine.
 Tom Aikens is a restaurant on Elystan Street in Chelsea London England. It was opened in 2003 by Tom Aikens and his then-wife Laura Vanninen.The style of the food is contemporary French.The restaurant won a Michelin star in January 2004 and three stars in the revived Egon Ronay Guide for 2005. In 2005 it was named in Restaurant's Top 50.
 The Operations and Checkout Building (previously known as the Manned Spacecraft Operations Building) is a historic site on Merritt Island Florida United States. The five-story structure is in the Industrial Area of NASA's Kennedy Space Center. Its facilities include the crew quarters for astronauts prior to their flights. On January 21 2000 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Mahmandar Mosque (Arabic: جامع المهمندار‎) is one of the oldest mosques in Aleppo Syria. It is located in the Ancient part of the city north to the Citadel of Aleppo.
 The British Columbia Penitentiary (BC Penitentiary commonly referred to as the BC Pen and the Pen) was a federal maximum security prison located in New Westminster British Columbia Canada. The BC Penitentiary operated for 102 years from 1878 until it was decommissioned in 1980. It was the first federal penal institution west of Manitoba.
 The Edward M. Lewis House also known as Lewis Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Edward M. Leach who was a professor from 1911-1925 Dean of the College from 1914-1925 Acting President of Massachusetts Agricultural College from 1913-1914 1918-1919 and 1924-1925 and the tenth MAC President from 1926-1927. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style.
 Hannah White Log House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1800 and is a two-story three bay red oak log structure with a full basement. The logs are covered with stucco.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Helen's Church is the parish church in the town of Abingdon on the banks of the River Thames in Oxfordshire (formerly Berkshire) England. The church is thought to occupy the site of the Anglo-Saxon Helenstowe Nunnery.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 101 S. Izard Street in Forrest City Arkansas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 1917.
 St Anselm's Church in Southall is a Roman Catholic parish church served by the Society of Jesus in the London Borough of Ealing within the administration of the Archdiocese of Westminster. It is situated on The Green a main thoroughfare into Southall. The parish is home to the De Nobili Dialogue Centre; a Jesuit building for inter-religious dialogue. It is also the only Catholic church in Southall and the parish has more than fifty nationalities represented in the congregation.
 Tayler Bequest District Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Elundini Local Municipality area in Mount Fletcher Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The James Parreco House is a historic home located at Greensboro in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1910 and is a 2 1/2-story two bay sandstone dwelling with Prairie Style design elements. It has a hipped roof with wide waves and a one-story front porch with massive brick supports.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 William Lloyd Garrison School is a historic school at 20 Hutchings Street in Boston Massachusetts.The school was built in 1910 and named after William Lloyd Garrison. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Uvac Monastery (Serbian: Манастир Увац) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in western Serbia.
 Piedmont Arts Association or 'Piedmont Arts' is a nonprofit art museum and educational outreach center in Martinsville Virginia. Piedmont Arts is a statewide partner of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts in Richmond Virginia and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Tallahassee Mall is a regional shopping mall located at the intersection of North Monroe Street and John Knox Road in Tallahassee Florida. It is the older of two enclosed malls in the Tallahassee area the other being Governor's Square.The mall's anchor stores include AMC Theatres Belk and Burlington Coat Factory. In addition Tallahassee Mall features several big box stores including Barnes & Noble Guitar Center Ross Dress For Less Shoe Carnival and The Sports Authority.
 Seef Mall is the second largest mallin the Kingdom of Bahrain.The mall is located in the Seef district of the capital city Manama.The Seef Mall is directly connected to Fraser Suites at the western end of the mall. The Al Aali Shopping Complex is located near the eastern end at the entrance near the Marks and Spencer store. To the south is the Shaikh Khalifa Bin Salman Highway. Beyond the highway to the south is The Bahrain Mall.
 Central Market Kuala Lumpur (Malay: Pasar Seni Kuala Lumpur; Chinese: 吉隆坡中央艺术坊; Tamil:மத்திய சந்தை) is a main attraction in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 Borough House Plantation also known as Borough House Hillcrest Plantation and Anderson Place is an historic place in Stateburg in the High Hills of Santee near Sumter South Carolina.The original house built in 1758 served at different times during the American Revolution as headquarters for both British General Lord Cornwallis and American General Nathanael Greene.The second house was built in 1820 of rammed earth by William Wallace Anderson M.D.
 Aberdeen Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Aberdeen Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Maternity ward O.P.D. Services Surgical Services Medical Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Laundry and Kitchen Services.
 Magen Abraham Synagogue is the only synagogue of Gujarat state situated in Ahmedabad India. It was built in 1934 using donations from members of the Bene Israel Jewish community throughout Gujarat state. Members travel from great distances for the High Holy Days to here.
 The Downtown Greensburg Historic District in Greensburg Kentucky the county seat of Green County is a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places. It consists of 47 contributing properties.Greensburg was founded in 1794. The town site was originally called Glover's Station named after its founder John Glover in 1779.[citation needed] The name change was due to the founding of Green County and renaming the town to reflect the county's name.
 The Dunnan-Hampton House is an historic building in Paxton Illinois United States. It was built in 1897 and purchased by the Dunnan family in 1900. Distinctive features include the cupola stained glass window and hand-carved ornate woodwork. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 2007. Reflective of the Queen Anne Style architecture the house also incorporates elements of Stick Style and Eastlake Style.
 St Wulfran's Church dedicated to the 7th-century French archbishop Wulfram of Sens is an Anglican church in Ovingdean a rural village now within the English city of Brighton and Hove. Parts of the structure date from the early 12th century and the church is listed at Grade I a designation used for buildings of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Baptist Hospital of Miami is a non-profit hospital located in Miami Florida United States operated by Baptist Health South Florida.Founded in 1960 the 650-bed facility is now one of the largest hospitals in the Miami area. The Corporate headquarters is located in Coral Gables Florida and has facilities throughout Miami-Dade County into the Florida Keys and in southern Broward County.
 The Loren Towle Estate is a historic estate at 785 Centre Street in Newton Massachusetts USA.The estate's construction began in 1920 for real estate executive Loren D. Towle as a 35-room Gothic-style English Revival mansion with formal gardens terraces tennis courts and garage. Design of the estate buildings was by Arthur W. Bowditch and landscaping design was provided by the Olmsted Brothers firm. Towle died in 1924 before the mansion was completed.
 L. C. Simonds Adirondack Cabin also known as Breezy Bluff Cottage is a historic home located near Clemons Washington County New York. It was built in 1910 and is a rustic Adirondack-style dwelling.
 Hanover House is a French Huguenot house built in 1714-1716. The house is also known as the St. Julien-Ravenel House. It was constructed in the South Carolina Low Country in the present Berkeley County. When Lake Moultrie was created in the 1940s the house was moved to the Clemson University campus in Pickens County.
 Medvedgrad (pronounced [mědʋedɡraːd]; Croatian for bear-town or city of bears; Hungarian: Medvevár) is a medieval fortified town located on the south slopes of Medvednica mountain approximately halfway from the Croatian capital Zagreb to the mountain top Sljeme. For defensive purposes it was built on a hill Mali Plazur that is a spur of the main ridge of the mountain that overlooks the city. On a clear day the castle can be seen from far away especially the high main tower.
 Northport Public Library is a historic library building located at Northport in Suffolk County New York. It was designed and built in 1914 with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919 and one of 107 in New York State. Carnegie provided $10000 toward the construction of the Northport library. It is a small masonry structure in the Jacobethan Revival style.
 The Hoge Building is a 17-story building constructed in 1911 by and named for John D. Hoge an attorney and real estate investor on the northwest corner of Second Avenue and Cherry Street in Seattle Washington. The building was constructed primarily of tan brick and terra cotta built over a steel frame in the architectural style of Second Renaissance Revival with elements of Beaux Arts.
 Bankers Hall is a building complex located in downtown Calgary Alberta which includes twin 52-storey office towers (197 metres high) designed by the architectural firm Cohos Evamy in postmodern architectural style.The first building known as Bankers Hall East is located at 855 2nd Street SW and was completed in 1989. It was followed in 2000 by Bankers Hall West at 888 3rd Street SW.
 The Robbins School originally called Franklin School is located at 4302 South 39th Avenue in South Omaha Nebraska USA. It was built in 1910 to serve a newly established and growing Polish community in South Omaha. A 2000 rehabilitation converted the former school to rental residential use. A pedimented central portico pilasters Palladian window and detailed cornice makes Robbins School one of the best Neoclassical Revival style buildings remaining in Omaha.
 The Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum is a railway museum located in Valley Heights New South Wales Australia. It is operated by the Blue Mountains Division of the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum.The Valley Heights Steam Tramway is also located in the former locomotive depot. The facility is located 300 metres north-west of Valley Heights railway station.
 Father's Office is a gastropub located at 1018 Montana Avenue in Santa Monica California and has become famous for the Office Burger which Esquire Magazine called one of the best burgers in the world.
 Top Ryde City is a shopping centre in Ryde New South Wales. The centre occupies a 3.5 hectare block bounded by Blaxland Road Devlin Street Pope Street and Tucker Street. The centre has retail space of 78125 square metres across 6 floors of commercial space.
 Wivenhoe House is a luxury 4-star hotel located in Colchester Essex.
 Holy Rosary Church was a parish erected in 1844 in the small community of Manton (also known as Blincoe) in Washington County Kentucky United States. The church was built under the direction of the Dominicans.
 Winfield House was a historic house at 853 Hancock Street in Quincy Massachusetts.Winfield House served as a restaurant for 50 years. The house was demolished in 1998 by its then owners Eastern Nazarene College to enable the school to proceed with campus expansion plans; all that is left now is stairs leading up to an empty house lot and the elm tree.In the demolition the elm tree was saved. (ENC hosts an impressive arboretum on their college campus.)
 The A. H. Bulbulian Residence is a house located at 1229 Skyline Drive Rochester Minnesota United States. It was designed by noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright for Arthur H. Bulbulian a pioneer in the field of facial prosthetics. It is down the street from the Thomas Keys House and not far from the James McBean Residence all three examples of Wright's Usonian genre of architecture.
 Townfield or Robert Gilchrist House is a historic home located at Port Royal Caroline County Virginia. The original section was built between 1740 and 1747 and is a 1 1/2-story central passage plan frame dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a gable roof and dining room and a projecting paviiion addition built in 1823. Attached to the original house is a two-story gable-roofed Federal hall-and-parlor-plan addition constructed in 1857 at a right angle to the dining room.
 Turriff Cottage Hospital previously known as Turriff Joint Hospital was founded in 1896.It is a small 19-bed hospital in Turriff Aberdeenshire Scotland attached to the local Health Centre.There are X-Ray facilities and a 24 hour minor injuries unit.
 Tom Baker Cancer Centre (TBCC) is a tertiary care facility for Southern Alberta and is located in Calgary Alberta. It is a leading Cancer Centre in Alberta for prevention research and treatment programs and provides many advanced medical services as well as supportive care for both inpatients and outpatients. The Cancer Centre also conducts research through the Alberta Cancer Research Institute and houses a comprehensive palliative care facility.
 Cloverfields Dairy Farm was a model dairy farm located in Olympia Washington. Built by former Washington State pioneer Hazard Stevens after he returned to Olympia in 1914 today the farmhouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Meadowhall is an indoor shopping centre in Sheffield South Yorkshire England. It lies 3 miles (5 km) north-east of Sheffield city centre and 2 miles (3 km) from Rotherham town centre. It is the largest shopping centre in Yorkshire and the eighth largest in the United Kingdom.The Meadowhall Retail Park is a separate development owned by British Land lying almost 1 mile (1.6 km) to the south of Meadowhall shopping centre in the Carbrook area of the city.
 The Baker Historic District located in Baker City Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Jackson County Jail and Marshal's House in Independence Missouri United States is a building constructed in 1859 to serve as a county jail for Jackson County Missouri. It served in this capacity until 1933 when it was decommissioned and replaced with another structure. More recently it has been restored and opened to the public as a museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Tour Pleyel is a skyscraper of mixed use both residential and commercial located in the commune of Saint-Denis in the suburbs of Paris France.Built in 1972 the tower is 129 meters tall. At the top is a large turning advertising sign in place since 1997 (the advertisement was firstly for Philips then for Siemens from 2006 to 2013 and is currently for Kia Motors).
 The Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington D.C. (also known as the Clarence Moore House and the Old Canadian Embassy) is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Uzbekistan to the United States. The current ambassador of Uzbekistan to the United States is Bakhtiyar Gulyamov. The embassy is located at 1746 Massachusetts Avenue NW on Embassy Row in Washington D.C. between Scott Circle and Dupont Circle.
 The Superintendent's Residence at the Utah State Hospital is a historic house located in at the Utah State Hospital Provo Utah USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.This colonial revival style home was built in 1934. It is one of 232 structures built in Utah during the 1930s under the WPA and various New Deal Programs. The Superintendent’s Residence at the Utah State Hospital was designated to the Provo City Historic Landmarks Registry on March 21 1996.
 The Theatre Circo (Portuguese: Teatro Circo) is a 20th-century Portuguese revivalist theatre in the civil parish of São João do Souto municipality of Braga.
 The Blue Anchor Building is a historic building located on 10th Street in Sacramento California. The Spanish Colonial Revival style commercial building was built in 1931.The Blue Anchor Building was also known as the California Fruit Exchange. The Blue Anchor Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Period of Significance: 1925-1949
 The Hightower Building at 105 N. Hudson in Oklahoma City Oklahoma was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Montgomery Mall is a two-story shopping mall located in Montgomery Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania near North Wales. The mall owned 60% by Simon Property Group is located along Pennsylvania Route 309 (Bethlehem Pike) at the intersection with Dekalb Pike amidst other commercial development. It contains 116 stores and a food court.
 The Park Square Historic District is a historic district in Pittsfield Massachusetts.
 The Pierce Springhouse and Barn also known as the Art Barn is an historic barn and springhouse located in Rock Creek Park at Tilden Street and Beach Drive Northwest Washington D.C.
 Peachtree Presbyterian Church is a megachurch in Atlanta Georgia USA. It is the largest church of the Presbyterian Church (USA) with 6940 members in 2012.Peachtree began as a Sunday school for children in Atlanta founded in 1910.
 8 Canada Square (also known as HSBC Group Head Office or HSBC Tower) is a skyscraper located at Canary Wharf in London Docklands Borough of Tower Hamlets. The building serves as the global headquarters of the HSBC Group.The tower was designed by Sir Norman Foster's team of architects. Construction began in 1999 and was completed in 2002.
 Elliot Hospital was founded in 1890 and today is the largest and busiest hospital in Manchester New Hampshire. The hospital has 296 beds and is the primary trauma center (Level 2) for the city and the surrounding community.
 The Great Synagogue in Lutsk Ukraine is a Renaissance building with a tower. Located in the Jewish quarter it was the religious educational and community centre of Lutsk Jews until the Second World War. For a long period it also served as a defensive building. Partially destroyed in 1942 the synagogue was restored in 1970s. It is now used as a sports club.
 The Denis Julien Inscription is an incised carving on a rock face in a side canyon of the Green River in Canyonlands National Park in Utah. The site is about 750 feet (230 m) to the east of the Green River in Hellroaring Canyon at the top of a talus slope. The inscription was left by trapper Denis Julien in 1836 when he was one of the few Europeans in southern Utah. The panel reads:D. Julien18363 mai A boat with a mast is depicted to the right of the lettering with a bird-like object below.
 Monmouth Baptist Church is located in Monk Street Monmouth south east Wales. The church building was opened in 1907 although the Baptist congregation had been formed in 1818. The church is a Grade II listed building.
 Hahnemann University Hospital is a teaching hospital in Center City Philadelphia. Established in 1885 it was named after Samuel Hahnemann the founder of homeopathy. It is affiliated with Drexel University College of Medicine and serves as its Center City Hahnemann campus.The hospital is currently owned by Tenet Healthcare.
 Started in 1901 and completed in 1902 St. Thomas Aquinas Church is the oldest church in Palo Alto California and is a registered historic landmark. Its distinctive Carpenter Gothic Victorian style makes it a signature building for the downtown area. The church is located just three blocks south of University Avenue. At the corner of Waverley and Homer Avenues it's at the northern edge of the historic professorville area of the city.
 The Oquawka Wagon Bridge is a covered bridge located 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of Oquawka in Henderson County Illinois. The wooden bridge was built in 1866 replacing an earlier bridge called the Eames Bridge; the bridge structure cost $2125 while its stone abutments cost $2.40 per perch.
 The Akal Takht (Punjabi: ਅਕਾਲ ਤਖ਼ਤ; meaning The Throne of the Timeless One) is one of the five Takhts of the Sikh religion. It is located in the Harmandir Sahib complex in Amritsar Punjab about 250 miles northwest of New Delhi. While the Harmandir Sahib or Golden Temple represents Sikh spiritual guidance the Akal Takht symbolizes the dispensing of justice and temporal activity.
 Job and Deborah Otis House also known as East Otis Farm is a historic home located at Sherwood in Cayuga County New York. It is a Federal-style dwelling built in 1815. It consists of a 2-story three-bay side-hall main block with a 1 1⁄2-story side ell. Also on the property is a mid- to late-19th-century barn.
 A value menu (not to be confused with a value meal) is a group of menu items at a fast food restaurant that are designed to be the least expensive items available. In the US the items are usually priced between $0.99 and $1.49. The portion size and/or number of items included with the food are typically related to the price.
 Lynnhaven Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Virginia Beach Virginia USA. It opened in August 1981. At 1170000 square feet (109000 m2) of gross leasable area it is not only the largest mall in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area of southeastern Virginia but also one of the largest malls on the East Coast. The mall features more than 180 stores including Dillard's JCPenney and Macy's as anchor stores.
 The Ash Mountain Entrance Sign at Sequoia National Park was constructed in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps craftsmen. Featuring a carved Native American face the sign was made from blocks of sequoia wood and fastened with wrought iron brackets.The design was first proposed by National Park Service architect Merel S. Sager in 1931 who designed a small log sign for the Ash Mountain entrance. In 1935 resident park landscape architect Harold G. Fowler created a much larger design.
 St Elmo Courts was a residential high rise building constructed in 1930 in the city centre of Christchurch New Zealand. Used mainly as an office building in later years it had a Category II heritage listing by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. It was demolished in March 2011 having suffered significant damage in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and more damage in the subsequent February 2011 Christchurch earthquake.
 The Elisha Bushnell House is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was documented by J. Frederick Kelly as dating from 1678. Referred to by Kelly as the Older Bushnell House it is one of the finest resources in Connecticut's architectural history. The house was built by Elisha Bushnell in 1678 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Endor Iron Furnace was an iron furnace that operated from 1861-1864 and again from 1870-1871. It was built to take advantage of the iron deposits along the Deep River. The furnace is located near Cumnock North Carolina in Lee County North Carolina and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.During the American Civil War the furnace produced pig iron for the Confederate Army.In 2001 the property was acquired by the Triangle Land Conservancy.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic church located at 13 Main Street at Valley Road in West Orange Essex County New Jersey United States. It currently houses the Primera Iglesia Evangelica Metodista Libra de los Oranges a Methodist congregation.The church has been called an outstanding example of Gothic Revival architecture by Preservation New Jersey and was listed as one of the ten most endangered historic sites in New Jersey in 1996.
 Grace Church Mt. Airy (Grace Ephiphany Church) is a historic church at 224 E. Gowen Avenue in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The church its parish house and a rectory were designed by Charles M. Burns and built in 1888. Burns also designed the Church of the Advocate in Philadelphia. A school was aded in 1962. The three original buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Burghley House /ˈbɜrli/ is a grand 16th-century country house near to Stamford Lincolnshire England. Its park was laid out by Capability Brown.The house is now within the boundary of the Peterborough unitary authority of the ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire and was part of the Soke of Peterborough an historic area that was traditionally associated with Northamptonshire. It lies 0.9 miles (1.4 km) south of Stamford and 10 miles (16 km) northwest of the city of Peterborough.
 St James' Church West Derby is located in Mill Lane West Derby a suburb of Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of West Derby the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Mary West Derby. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Iglesia de San Vicente (Serrapio) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Ostrogski Palace or Ostrogski Castle (Polish: Pałac Ostrogskich or Zamek Ostrogskich) is a mansion in the city center of Warsaw on ulica Tamka. Begun by the powerful Ostrogski family who gave their name to the building it currently houses the Fryderyk Chopin Society and Fryderyk Chopin Museum.
 The Ordinary Mind Zen School is a network of independent Zen centers established by Charlotte Joko Beck and her Dharma Successors in 1995.
 Witthoefft House is a historic home located at Armonk Westchester County New York. It was built in 1957 and is a one-story Modernist style dwelling on a concrete slab foundation and stone covered concrete retaining walls. It features exposed structural steel white glazed-brick walls and full elevations of glass. The house is perched atop rock outcroppings in a semi-rural setting.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Woodbine is an early-20th century estate built for Anders Rasmussen who owned a florist business in New Albany Indiana. Rasmussen once served as a florist for the King of Denmark. The house stayed with the family until 1945 and has gone through several hands since then. The estate is currently owed and being restored by the owner/winemaker for Downtown New Albany's River City Winery located just two miles away.
 Palladium is a shopping mall located in the centre of Prague in the Czech Republic. It opened in 2007. The mall contains 170 shops and 30 restaurants with a retail area of 39000 square metres (420000 sq ft). There is also designated office space in the building totalling 19500 square metres (210000 sq ft). It is one of the biggest shopping centres in the Czech Republic. It is directly opposite another shopping centre Kotva.
 Deep River Friends Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Quaker (Society of Friends) meeting house and cemetery at 5300 W. Wendover Avenue in High Point North Carolina.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 Rønvik Church (Norwegian: Rønvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the northern part of the town of Bodø. The church is part of the Kjerringøy og Rønvik parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The modern-style church was built in 1997. The architect Reidar Berg designed the structure which seats about 500 people. The building was consecrated on 30 November 1997.
 Wangjing SOHO is a recent construction project of three curvilinear asymmetric towers in Wangjing a suburb of Beijing People's Republic of China. The buildings will feature office and retail space. Upon completion in 2014 the tower complex is expected to become one of Beijing's landmarks. The site of the towers is located between central Beijing and Beijing Capital International Airport. According to Zaha Hadid the project's architect it is a welcome and farewell to Beijing.
 Humboldt District Hospital is a public hospital at 1210 9th Street North in Humboldt Saskatchewan Canada. It was originally called the St. Elizabeth's Hospital when it was established in 1911.The hospital is staffed by nine doctors and provides general medicine surgical laboratory radiology physiotherapy palliative care dietary counseling cardiology obstetrics urology gynecology internal medicine neurology roomotology ears/nose/throat specialists and geriatric services.
 St. Wilfrid's Church Kirkby-in-Ashfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Kirkby-in-Ashfield Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Old Pine Street Station also known as the Old Western District Police Station House is a historic police station located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a freestanding brick building of two stories raised on a partially exposed basement in the quintessential brick Victorian Gothic style. It was constructed 1877-78.The station was to be torn down to make way for a highway but was saved through the efforts of preservationists and the demise of the highway project.
 The Ontario Power Building is located in Toronto Canada. It was built in 1975 for Ontario Hydro. It is the head office of Ontario Power Generation which is a successor company to Ontario Hydro. Located at 700 University Avenue at the intersection of College Street the International Style building stands at 80.0 m and 19 floors with 113898 square metres of space.The building is served by Queen's Park Station on the Toronto subway.
 Chinese Mirch is a restaurant chain serving Indian Chinese cuisine. It currently has locations in Connecticut Massachusetts New Jersey and New York and a food truck. The concept was conceived and developed by Vik Lulla who is a third generation restaurateur in the family business in Bangalore India from the age of 16. Here he acquired knowledge skill and a love for the art of cooking.
 Holland Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in the West Michigan lakeshore area. The hospital was founded in 1917 and it serves the greater Holland area and surrounding communities throughout Ottawa and Allegan counties. As of February 2014 Holland Hospital has a 189-bed main campus with more than 300 physicians and a 2000 member hospital staff that includes 550 registered nurses.
 Restaurant Chagali was a restaurant located in Leidschendam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1983-1991.The restaurant closed down before 1993 as the Michelin Guide 1993 mentioned restaurant Green Park at that address.
 John Callahan House known previously as Pinkney-Callahan House when it was located on St. John Street is a historic home in Annapolis Maryland United States. The brick home was constructed by John Callahan (c. 1754-1803) a prominent and wealthy Annapolitan who served as the Register of the Western Shore Land Office between 1778 and 1803 around 1785-90. It has been moved twice in efforts to prevent its demolition. In 1900-01 the house was relocated to St.
 The McPolin Farmstead is a historic farm north of Park City Utah United States. It has buildings constructed c. 1921 and later including a large improvement era dairy barn approximately 100 by 35 feet (30 m × 11 m) in footprint. It was purchased by and is owned by the nearby city of Park City Utah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Whitney Mansion is a historic home located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It is a two story Greek Revival stone structure built in 1849 by the son of General Parkhurst Whitney a village founder and owner of the Cataract House and The Eagle Tavern. The structure features a two story pedimented porch with four heavy Ionic columns.
 The Clermont County Courthouse is located at 270 East Main Street in Batavia Ohio. It was built by the Works Progress Administration and opened in 1936.
 The JW Marriott Essex House opened in 1931 and commonly known as the Essex House is a 44-story luxury hotel with 509 Art Deco style rooms located at 160 Central Park South in Manhattan across the street from the southern border of Central Park. The building also includes a large number of condominium residences.
 Lilly Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Lilly in Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Allegheny Portage Railroad in 1832 and is an 18-foot-long (5.5 m) bridge with an elliptical shape and curved wingalls. It is built of roughly squared ashlar and crosses Burgoon Run.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Lincoln Building located at 1 Union Square West in Manhattan New York City is a Romanesque building that was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also a New York City Landmark.
 Gallery Oldham is a free-to-view public art gallery in the Cultural Quarter of central Oldham in Greater Manchester England.
 St. Mary's Church Horncastle Lincolnshire England dates from the early 13th century and is dedicated to Saint Mary. It serves the Ecclesiastical Parish of Horncastle and a grade II* listed building that was heavily restored by Ewan Christian between 1859 and 1861.
 The Butler School was a historic school building at 812 Gorham Street in Lowell Massachusetts. It was used by the Lowell Public Schools.The school named after Benjamin F. Butler a longtime Lowell resident Massachusetts Governor and Civil War general was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. Vacant since 1994 the building deteriorated.
 Circle Centre Mall is located on the north side of 8th Street east of Circle Drive in College Park. This mall is a strip mall. Circle Centre Mall is not the enclosed shopping mall of the name Centre at Circle & 8th mall in Wildwood - 8th St. E. (south side) & Circle Dr. (east side) or the unenclosed Circle 8 Centre in Brevoort Park - 8th Street (south side) & Circle Drive (west side). The Circle Centre tower which was constructed in 1980 is home to various medical and business offices.
 The National Historical Museum of Brazil (Portuguese: Museu Histórico Nacional) was created in 1922 and possesses over 287000 items including the largest numismatic collection of Latin America. The architectural complex that houses the museum was built in 1603 as the St James of Mercy Fort; earlier structures date back to 1567 erected by order of King Sebastian I of Portugal. In 1693 the Calaboose Prison for slaves was built.
 The Hôtel Solvay is a large Art Nouveau town house designed by Victor Horta on the Avenue Louise in Brussels. The house was commissioned by Armand Solvay the son of the wealthy Belgian chemist and industrialist Ernest Solvay. For this wealthy patron Horta could spend a fortune on precious materials and expensive details. Horta designed every single detail; furniture carpets light fittings tableware and even the door bell.
 The St. Mary church is a historical church in Isfahan Iran.
 The Masterpiece (Chinese: 名鑄) is a 64-floor 261 metre (856 ft) tall skyscraper in Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong. It houses the 6-storey K11 shopping centre. The 384-room Hyatt Regency Hong Kong Tsim Sha Tsui located from Level 3 to 24 opened on October 2 2009. 345 residential flats occupy the 27th to 67th floors.The complex is connected to both Tsim Sha Tsui and East Tsim Sha Tsui MTR stations via underground subway links with the K11 shopping centre.
 Bankstown Central Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre situated in the central business district of the City of Bankstown in the suburbs of Sydney Australia. Opened as Bankstown Square in 1966 it was at the time Australia's largest and was one of Sydney's first major shopping centres. The development of the shopping centre was a moment of significance in the development of Bankstown as a satellite centre of south-western Sydney.
 Old Homer Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Homer in Cortland County New York. The district includes the historic core of the village of Homer centered around the village green. It includes a mix of residential commercial civic and religious structures. Residences are primarily 2-story frame structures and commercial structures are 2- and 3-story structures constructed of brick.
 Easton Priory was a Catholic priory of the Trinitarian Order in Wiltshire England from 1234 to 1536.
 Dream Dubai Marina is a 101 storey 432 m (1417 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai Marina Dubai United Arab Emirates. While originally scheduled for completion in 2012 as of January 2013 it is still under construction and the completion is now expected by the end of 2013 and opening in 2014.The first 32 floors of the skyscraper will have a 5-star hotel while the floors from 34 to 100 will be furnished apartments.
 Federated Tower is a 358 ft (109m) tall skyscraper in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1982 and has 27 floors and has 526000 square feet of space. It is the 16th tallest building in the city and houses the corporate headquarters of Federated Investors.Forest City Enterprises purchased the building in 1986.
 Salford Royal (formerly Hope Hospital) is a large hospital in Salford England managed by the Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust.
 Locust Lawn is a surviving 19th-century farm complex situated on the bank of the Plattekill Creek on New York State Route 32 South outside of New Paltz Ulster County New York.The centerpiece of Locust Lawn is the Jeffersonian mansion of Colonel Josiah Hasbrouck which remains without modern heating plumbing and electrical systems. The site also features the earlier Evert Terwilliger House.Locust Lawn has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1974.
 East Village Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house at U.S. 2 and U.S. 14 in East Montpelier Vermont.It was built in 1833 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Bayreuth Medical Center (German: Klinikum-Bayreuth) is the Teaching Hospital of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and is the largest hospital in Upper Franconia Bavaria.
 Silas Sammis House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay shingled section built about 1730 and a larger three-bay 1 1⁄2-story shingled residence built about 1800. The small east wing was the original dwelling. It is an intact example of settlement period architecture in Huntington.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The 'Hyatt Regency London – The Churchill is a five star hotel located on Portman Square north of Marble Arch in central London England. It is owned by The Churchill Group Ltd and is currently operated by Hyatt Hotels Corporation.
 Board of Trade Building is a historic building in Downtown Los Angeles that was opened in 1929. Located at the northwest corner of Main Street and Seventh Street the building was designed by Claud Beelman and Alexander Curlett in the Beaux Arts style with Classical Revival influence.
 Women's Christian Temperance Union Public Fountain (W.C.T.U. Fountain) is a historic temperance fountain at Clarinda and Sheridan Streets in Shenandoah Iowa.It was built in 1912 by the Women's Christian Temperance Union to provide water as an alternative to alcohol consumption. The fountain was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Our Lady of Dolours Basilica is a minor basilica of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church in Thrissur City in the Indian state of Kerala. The tallest church in Asia it is famous for its Gothic style architecture. Built in fine Indo-Gothic style with an area of 25000 square feet (2300 m2) it has soaring belfries at the entrance double storeyed aisles all along the nave and transepts and eleven altars five on either side of the main one.
 The Castle of Castro Marim is a medieval castle on a hilltop overlooking the civil parish of Castro Marim in the municipality of the same name in the Portuguese Algarve. The castle was part of the defensive line controlled by the Knights Templar a stronghold used during the Portuguese Reconquista and adapted during the Restoration War to defend the frontier.The castle is located in a unique landscape due to the proximity of salt and mouth of the Guadiana River.
 The Ure Museum of Greek Archaeology contains one of the most important collections of Greek antiquities in the United Kingdom. The Museum forms part of the Department of Classics at the University of Reading and is situated on the university's Whiteknights Campus about 2 miles (3.2 km) from the centre of the English town of Reading Berkshire. The museum is open to the public Monday to Friday and there is no admission charge.
 Saint Guthlac's Priory was a Benedictine priory in Hereford England at grid reference SO51534019.
 The Otter Spring House is a historic spring house in the Town of Lincoln in Forest County Wisconsin. The spring house was built on Otter Spring in 1933 as a Civilian Conservation Corps project; it was originally built to supply water to the CCC's Waubikon Lake Camp but was insufficient for that purpose. Since its construction the Potawatomi have used the spring house for ceremonial and religious purposes.
 The Nathan and Susannah Harris House is a historic home located at Harrisville Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a large two stories high four bays wide by two rooms deep stone dwelling constructed in 1798. The house is representative of the expansion during the 18th century of the Quaker community called the Nottingham Lots.The Nathan and Susannah Harris House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum (ACAM) is a Canadian aerospace museum located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in the province of Nova Scotia.It is the only museum devoted to preserving all aspects of Atlantic Canada's aviation heritage.
 The Prince Kūhiō Federal Building formally the Prince Jonah Kūhiō Kalanianaʻole Federal Building and United States Courthouse is the official seat of the United States federal government and its local branches of various agencies and departments in the state of Hawaiʻi.
 One Lujiazui previously known as Development Tower is a recently built skyscraper in Shanghai China. It is one of the one hundred tallest buildings in the world and tied for the 7th tallest in Shanghai with the Bocom Financial Towers. Finished in 2008 the tower stands 269 metres tall. The glass highrise's primary use is as an office building though it also offers over 6000 square metres of residential space. One Lujiazui is located near the Lujiazui Central Park by the Huangpu River.
 Münster Cathedral (St.-Paulus-Dom) is a cathedral in the German city of Münster. It is the city's main church and one of its most important historical monuments as well as the centre of the Diocese of Münster since that diocese's foundation in 805. It contains the tomb of Blessed Clemens August Graf von Galen.
 Concordville is an unincorporated community in Concord Township Delaware County Pennsylvania United States. It is located 20 miles west-southwest of Philadelphia at the junction of U.S. Routes 1 and 322. This intersection can be traced back to two of the earliest roads in Pennsylvania Baltimore Pike which became U.S. 1 and Concord Pike which connected Pennsylvania with Delaware.The first European settlement in the area occurred about 1700 after Quakers bought land from William Penn.
 The George Houston House also known as the Wall-Houston House is a private historic home between Mooresville and Davidson North Carolina in Iredell County that was built in 1818. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The original portion of the home was built with log construction and several later additions including a 19th-century ell.
 US Post Office-Homer is a historic post office building located at Homer in Cortland County New York. It was built in 1937-1938 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story steel frame five bay rectangular building clad in brick on a stucco clad foundation in the Colonial Revival style.
 Congregation B'nai Israel is the only Karaite synagogue in the United States. It is located in Daly City California.
 Everton Lock-Up sometimes referenced by one of its nicknames such as Prince Rupert's Tower or Prince Rupert's Castle is a lock-up located upon Everton Brow in Everton Liverpool. The 18th century structure is among several which still exist in Merseyside. It is famous for being the centre-piece of the crest of Everton FC.The Grade II-listed building which was opened in 1787 was originally an overnight holding place where local drunks and criminals were taken by Parish constables.
 International Print Center New York is a non-profit organization dedicated to the appreciation and understanding of fine art prints. It was founded by Anne Coffin and established in Chelsea in September 2000 as the only non-profit institution devoted solely to the exhibition and understanding of fine art prints. IPCNY fosters a climate for the enjoyment examination and serious study of artists' prints from the old master to the contemporary.
 Twelve Mile Crossing at Fountain Walk is an open-air lifestyle center retail complex located across from the super-regional Twelve Oaks Mall in the city of Novi a suburb of Detroit Michigan United States. The center features Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears Outlet as its anchor stores; in addition the center features a movie theater game room and many restaurants.
 The Deutsches Museum (which means German Museum) (German: Deutsches Museum or Das Deutsche Museum) in Munich Germany is the world's largest museum of science and technology with approximately 1.5 million visitors per year and about 28000 exhibited objects from 50 fields of science and technology.The museum was founded on June 28 1903 at a meeting of the Association of German Engineers (VDI) as an initiative of Oskar von Miller.
 The Unitarian Universalist Church (also known as Grace Bible Church or First Unitarian Church) is a historic church building at 100 N. State Street in Ann Arbor Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Røyrvik Church (Norwegian: Røyrvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Røyrvik. The church is part of the Røyrvik parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was constructed in 1828 and seats about 180 people.
 Sheen Friary was a friary in Surrey England.
 St. Francis Square Mall is a mall located in the heart of Ortigas Center. The mall is a direct competitor of nearby SM Megamall. It is also a modern low-rise building holding a 3000 capacity auditorium which is the home of Christ's Commission Fellowship (CCF St. Francis Square) and houses over 1000 stalls and stores. Tenants within the mall are the Puregold Jr. Supermarket the Generic Drug Store a Bookstore and a Department store at the mezzanine of the mall.
 Cave Springs Cowboy Camp was a line camp operated by the Scorup-Sommerville Cattle Company in what would become Canyonlands National Park Utah. The site consists of a cave-like shelter under a rock overhang on the side of a small canyon. The canyon was arranged with a fence across the opening that allowed its use as a cattle pen. The site contains a great deal of material that was abandoned as the site became disused.
 The MacFarland Library at Ormond College the University of Melbourne completed in 1965 was Frederick Romberg’s (Romberg and Boyd Architects) second building for Ormond College. The initial scheme for the building in 1962 was a largely classical building that drew on elements from many of Romberg’s buildings from the previous decade. The subsequent revised scheme better complemented the rest of Reed and Barnes’ Gothic Revival Ormond college.
 The Image Museum of Hsinchu City (Chinese: 新竹市文化局影像博物館; pinyin: Xīnzhúshì Wénhuàjú Yǐngxiàng Bówùguǎn) is a museum about cinema in East District Hsinchu City Taiwan.
 St Andrew is a Church of England church in Hempstead near Stalham Norfolk England. The church was constructed sometime prior to the end of the 14th century dedicated to St Andrew. The building still retains almost all of its original architecture including its completely unrestored uneven top beam. The real significance of the church comes from the rare quality of the painting on the rood screen. The screen consists of two ranges of eight panels each the panels arranged in pairs.
 The West Canfield Historic District is a neighborhood historic district located primarily on Canfield Avenue between Second and Third Streets in Detroit Michigan. A boundary increase enlarged the district to include buildings on Third Avenue between Canfield and Calumet. The district was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971; a boundary increase was added in 1997.
 Belleview Heights also known as the Rigas House is located at 61500 Candlewick Lane located in Bellaire Ohio. The house and gardens were placed on the National Register on 1994-04-08.The mansion once housed Bob Hope during 1951 and was also the site of the premiere of My Favorite Spy.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. It is a one story stone structure built in 1841-1842 with a bell tower added in 1855. The building features Greek Revival massing and a Doric order portico with Gothic Revival arched windows and doorways.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Forum Marinum is maritime museum located in Turku Finland.
 Sanshinzan Taisan-ji (三身山太山寺) is a temple of the Tendai sect in Kobe Hyōgo Japan. It was established by Empress Genshō's instruction in 716.Taisan-ji's Main Hall completed in 1293 is a National Treasure of Japan.
 The Anglican Church of St Andrew in Congresbury Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Congresbury is named after St Congar who is said to have performed three miracles in the area. The second part of the name is thought to come from burh meaning fortified place.
 Swansbury is a historic home and complex located at Aberdeen Harford County Maryland United States. The buildings are clustered together near the center of the 86.78-acre (351200 m2) forested property. The complex consists of a five-bay two-story multi-part frame residence and several period frame dependencies. The oldest part of the house dates to about 1760 with major Federal style additions made in the late 18th or every early 19th century.
 Ithaa which means mother-of-pearl in Dhivehi is the very first undersea restaurant in the world located 5 metres (16 ft) below sea level at the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island in Alif Dhaal Atoll in the Republic of Maldives. The 5-by-9-metre (16 by 30 ft) mostly acrylic structure has a capacity of 14 people and is encased in R-Cast acrylic with a transparent roof offering a 270° panoramic underwater view. The restaurant was designed and constructed by M.J. Murphy Ltd.
 The Rhode Island Medical Society Building was an historic site at 106 Francis Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was built in 1911 by Clark Howe and Homer in a colonial revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The building was renovated in 2010 and is now occupied by Moran Shipping Agencies Inc.
 Kansas Lake Evangelical Lutheran Church was a small rural church located near Butterfield Minnesota. Formed in 1871 by Swedish-Americans settling in the area the church served the local population for 138 years before closing in 2009.
 The Peter Woodbury House (or Woodberry) is a historic First Period house at 82 Dodge Street in Beverly Massachusetts. Like most surviving First Period houses this 2.5 story wood frame house was built in stages. The earliest part dating to c. 1696 was the right front section and chimney. The left side was built in the 18th century as was the rear leanto which was later raised to a full second story.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Hotel-Dieu de Québec is a teaching hospital located in Quebec City Quebec Canada and affiliated with Université Laval's medical school. It is part of the Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec (CHUQ) a network of three teaching hospitals and several specialized institutions. Its areas of expertise include cancer treatment kidney disease and cochlear implants.
 Brooks and Hewitt Halls are historic dormitory buildings located on the campus of Barnard College in Morningside Heights New York New York. Brooks Hall was designed by Charles A. Rich (1854 – 1943) and built in 1906-1907. It is a seven and one half story red Harvard brick building on a granite foundation with limestone and terra cotta trim. It features a sloping Spanish tile roof with hip-roof dormer windows. Hewitt Hall named for Abram S.
 St. John's United Methodist Church is located at 1325-1329 Brady Street Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Barley Hall is a reconstructed medieval townhouse in the city of York England. Originally built around 1360 by the monks of Nostell Priory it was later extended in the 15th century. The property went into a slow decline and by the 19th and 20th centuries heavily sub-divided and in an increasingly poor physical condition. It was bought by the York Archaeological Trust in 1987 renamed Barley Hall and heavily restored in a controversial project to form a museum.
 Sand Spring Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Water Valley Mississippi.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The church is also registered by the Presbyterian Historical Society under the American Presbyterian/Reformed Historical Sites Registry as Site No. 371
 The Cornell Museum of Art and American Culture opened in the former elementary school in the Old School Square section of Delray Beach Florida in 1990. It features 6 exhibition galleries and an interactive children's gallery that focus on regional national and international exhibits of fine art craft and American culture. The museum is named after Delray residents Harriet W. and George D. Cornell.
 Central Presbyterian Church is a church in downtown Saint Paul Minnesota Minnesota United States. The congregation was founded in 1852 and built its first building in 1854 which was later enlarged during the 1870s. The rapidly growing congregation outgrew the building so they built a new church building in 1889.
 The Taylor Cunningham Hotel — now called the Hermitage Motor Inn — is an historic lodge in Petersburg Grant County West Virginia USA. It was built about 1840 and was originally a two story brick building in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A third story was added in the early 20th century. It features a two story porch with turned post and balusters. It has been in continuous operation as an inn since 1881.
 Gray Rock is a historic home located in Ellicott City Maryland.
 Bronck Farm 13-Sided Barn is a historic barn located at Coxsackie in Greene County New York. It was built about 1832 and is a 13 sided frame structure with a hipped roof surmounted by an octagonal cupola. It has an overall diameter of 70 feet and the one story interior is open in plan. It is related to but listed separately from the Bronck House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Taj Tashi is a hotel in Thimphu Bhutan. Opened in 2008 the hotel is the first five-star hotel in Bhutan. The hotel is a joint venture of local company Tashi Group of Companies and Indian company Taj Leisure Hotels. The hotel also hosts a conference space.
 Price Public Elementary School now known as Price Public Community Center and Swift Museum is a former African-American school in Rogersville Tennessee.
 Fairview Mall is a major shopping centre in Toronto Ontario Canada of about 80000 m² (900000 ft2). Opened in 1970 the centre has over 170 stores and services including The Bay Sears Canada offices and a cinema complex. It is located several kilometres north-east of downtown at the northeast corner of Don Mills Road and Sheppard Avenue East in the former borough of North York.
 NAB House (formerly known as the AMP Building) is an A-grade office building situated in Hobart Tasmania.
 Näs Castle (Swedish: Näs slott) is a castle ruin on the island Visingsö in Sweden.
 The (A. N.) Hansen Mansion (Danish: A. N. Hansens Palæ) is a Neoclassical town house in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1835 to designs by Jørgen Hansen Koch it now houses a fashion innovation centre.
 The National Media Museum (formerly the National Museum of Photography Film and Television) is a museum in Bradford West Yorkshire England and is part of the national Science Museum Group. The museum has seven floors of galleries with permanent exhibitions focusing on photography television animation videogaming the internet and the scientific principles behind light and colour. It also hosts temporary exhibitions and maintains a collection of 3.5 million pieces in its research facility.
 Willis Presbyterian Church and Cemetery also known as Grace Baptist Church is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Willis Floyd County Virginia. It was built in 1954 and is one of six rock churches founded by Bob Childress and built between 1919 and the early 1950s. The building consists of a one-story gable-fronted rectangular form with a roughly square Gothic Revival bell tower on the building’s northeast corner.
 The Thomas Marshall House is an historic house in Dayton Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 22 1976.
 The Babcock Building is an historic structure located off Bull St. in Columbia South Carolina. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 30 1981. The building is the second to house patients on the campus of South Carolina State Hospital after the Mills Building proved to be insufficient in space to house its patients.
 Iglesia de San Cipriano (Infiesto) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in the 17th century.
 St Wenefrede's Church Bickley is in the civil parish of Bickley Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas.
 Dielman Kolb Homestead is a historic home located near Lederach in Lower Salford Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1717 and is a 2 1/2-story gambrel roofed dwelling with a modified Germanic floor plan. It has an attached summer kitchen.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Stage Deli located on Seventh Avenue just two blocks from Carnegie Hall was a well-known New York City delicatessen patronized by numerous celebrities. It was first opened in 1937 by Russian immigrant Max Asnas. The deli was known for Broadway-themed dishes including the Mamma Mia! sandwich.
 Trahern's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located in what is now Le Flore County Oklahoma. The station was named for Judge James N. Trahern the stage agent. Trahern was a Choctaw Indian and a long-time county judge for Skullyville County Choctaw Nation.Trahern's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#72001073) in 1972.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church (The Rock Church) is a historic church at 604 Morgan Road in Eden North Carolina.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Panti Rapih Hospital (Rumah Sakit Panti Rapih) is one of the biggest private hospitals in Yogyakarta Indonesia. It was founded in 1929 by five sisters from St. Carolus Borromeus. It is managed by Panti Rapih Foundation.
 St. Mary's Church is a historic church at the junction of Jackson Street and Whitehead Avenue in South River Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 The First Congregational Church of Bennington is located on Monument Avenue in Bennington Vermont. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is also known as the Old First Church. The congregation was organized in 1762 and the current meeting house was built in 1805. The seating capacity is six hundred fifty. The adjacent cemetery was designated by the Vermont legislature as Vermont's Sacred Acre.
 New Life Church is a non-denominational charismatic Evangelical Christian megachurch located in Colorado Springs Colorado United States. New Life Church has more than 10000 members and is pastored by Brady Boyd.
 Hildebrand Ranch is located near Littleton Colorado. In 1866 Frank and Elizabeth Hildebrand settled in Deer Creek and homesteaded on 160 acres. In the 1950s there was a plan that was authorized to control flooding in Denver but the funds never came. In 1971 the Army condemned 333.73 acres of the ranch and created Chatfield Reservoir. In March 1973 Denver leased 750 acres from Chatfield and 67 for the Denver Botanic Gardens which included the ranch's original buildings.
 Germanton Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery on Main Street at the junction of Main Street and Willow Street in Germanton North Carolina.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register in 1998.
 Isabella Court is a Spanish Colonial Revival style mixed-use residential and commercial complex at 3909-3917 South Main Street in the Midtown district of Houston Texas United States. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Isabella Court's residents mainly consist of artists and other professionals. As of 2009 Trudy Hutchings owns the complex.
 Apache Mall is the largest enclosed shopping space in Rochester Minnesota. It was built in 1969 at the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and U.S. Route 14. The Mall's food court has had free wi-fi access provided by the city's only cable television company Charter Communications since January 2007. Apache Mall is managed by General Growth Properties of which filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy on April 16 2009.In 2014 the mall's Sears store was closed.
 The William Davis Miller House is an historic site at 130 Main Street in South Kingstown Rhode Island (Wakefield).The house was built in 1934 by Albert Harkness and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
 Laurel Meadow is an historic house at 1640 Bramwell Road in Richmond Virginia. The oldest portion of this wood frame house was built prior to 1776 when the property was acquired by David Patteson steward of the Westover Plantation of William Byrd III. The building has three portions forming an L shape. The oldest portion is the west wing which is 1.5 stories and now houses a library and dining room below and a sitting room above which was probably at first a bedroom.
 West Lawn also known as the Embassy House Apartments is a historic home located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1873-1874 and is a T-shaped dwelling with a 2 1/2-story main section and 2 1/2-story rear wing with a slate covered mansard roof in a combined Italianate / Second Empire style. It features a 3 1/2-story tower with a mansard roof.
 Edgemont also known as Cocke Farm is a historic home located near Covesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built about 1796 and is a one- to two-story three bay frame structure in the Jeffersonian style. It measures 50 feet by 50 feet and sits on a stuccoed stone exposed basement. The house is topped by a hipped roof surmounted by four slender chimneys. The entrances feature pedimented Tuscan order portico that consists of Tuscan columns supporting a full entablature.
 Hotel Francis is a famous Seafood and Western Restaurant in Hikkaduwa Sri Lanka. It was established in 1977 by former Member of Parliament Sarath Gunawardena.
 The Oregon Civic Justice Center is a three-story former library building on the campus of Willamette University in downtown Salem Oregon United States. Built in 1912 as a Carnegie library for the city of Salem the building now houses several programs of Willamette University College of Law.
 HM Prison Reading formerly known as Reading Gaol was a prison located in Reading Berkshire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service until closure at the end of 2013.
 Villa Anneslie is a historic home located at Towson Baltimore County Maryland United States. It was built about 1855 as a summer home. Designed by architect John Rudolph Niernsee it is an Italianate two-story villa built in brick and covered in clapboard. It features an asymmetrical design with a central three story tower over the entrance.Villa Anneslie was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Southlands Lifestyle Center (also Southlands Mall Southlands The Southlands or The Southlands at Aurora) is a regional shopping mall located in Aurora Colorado. The center is located at the intersection of Smoky Hill Road and the E-470 tollway about 15 miles south of Denver International Airport east of the Saddle Rock neighborhood and west of Cherokee Trail High School and the Tallyn's Reach neighborhood.
 Villa Riviera is a registered historic building on Ocean Boulevard in the Alamitos Beach neighborhood of Long Beach California USA. From the time of its completion in 1929 through the mid-1950s it was the second-tallest building and the tallest private building in Southern California.
 John Bell Farm is a historic home and farm complex located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was originally built in the 1840s and extensively remodeled in 1889 in the Queen Anne style. The original house consists of the two-story five bay stone central block with two-story service wing. When remodeled the roof received a cross-gable and dormer windows. Also added was the two-story library wing kitchen extension and two-sided porch.
 The Envoy Apartment Building is a building located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was originally apartments but was converted into condominiums in 2004.
 Josephine White Block is an historic commercial building at 737-739 Cranston Street inProvidence Rhode Island United States.The building was built in 1894 by Mesker Brothers and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Molesworth Gallery is one of Ireland's leading contemporary art galleries representing some of the most accomplished and exciting artists working in the country today.We host eight solo and two curated group exhibitions annually at our exhibition space in Dublin’s city centre. Exhibitions are documented in gallery publications ranging from brochures to hardback books.
 The Little Outfit Schoolhouse was built in 1940 in southeastern Arizona. It is located ten miles east-southeast of Patagonia in Santa Cruz County Arizona which borders Mexico on the south and is about 80 miles from Arizona’s eastern border.In the early and mid-twentieth century ranch schools became an important part of the educational system in many western states and Arizona led the nation in total number.
 Madrona Manor is a Victorian-era Wine Country bed and breakfast inn in Healdsburg California United States featuring a Michelin-starred restaurant.
 Zayed National Museum (Arabic: متحف زايد الوطني) is a planned museum to be located in Abu Dhabi UAE. It will be built on Saadiyat Island. The museum will be the centrepiece of the Saadiyat Island Cultural District and will showcase the history culture and more recently the social and economic transformation of the Emirates.The British Museum is helping to launch the museum.The building is being designed by Foster + Partners. It is set to be first museum to be finished on Saadiyat Island.
 The 310-room Hotel Beauséjour was opened in 1972 by the Canadian National Railway in the railway hub of Moncton New Brunswick.The first class hotel was operated by Canadian National Hotels until that chain was purchased by Canadian Pacific Hotels in 1988.
 The Tallinn Town Hall (Estonian: Tallinna raekoda) is a building in the Tallinn Old Town Estonia next to the Town Hall Square. It is the oldest town hall in the whole of the Baltic region and Scandinavia.[citation needed]The building is located in the south side of the ancient market square and is 36.8 metres long. The west wall is 14.5 metres in length and the east is 15.2 meters.
 The Josiah Cowles House was the residence of Captain Josiah Cowles one of the early settlers of Southington Connecticut. Cowles was born in Farmington Connecticut on November 20 1713. He settled in an area that would become the town of Southington in an area called Plantsville.Cowles was a justice of the peace and a captain in the local militia. He held a number of town offices and was viewed as a leading man in town.
 The Peabody Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 41 Lowell Street in Peabody Massachusetts. Built in 1873 the two story brick building is one of the oldest active fire stations in the state. The building has Victorian styling with a mansard roof and two truncated gables on its front facade. The cornice is studded with regularly spaced brackets and a tower rises from the building's rear right corner.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Snowden Hall is a historic home located on the grounds of the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center outside Laurel in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It stands on open rolling ground approximately ¾-mile west of the Patuxent River.
 Turtle House also known as Old Turtle House or Joab Center House is a historic home located at Greenport in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1820 and is an outstanding and unusual example of Federal period architecture. It has a distinctive lozenge-shaped main block with highly unusual double semi-circular porticos and symmetrical secondary wings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Antwerp Norfolk and Western Depot is a historic former train station in the village of Antwerp in the far western portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in 1880 by the Wabash St. Louis and Pacific Railway it is a primarily wooden structure with weatherboarded walls. Its roof features a distinctively large overhang.When the depot was built Antwerp was the largest community in Paulding County due to an active logging industry.
 The Thomas Hyatt House also known as the Cashman House is a Colonial style house built in Ridgefield Connecticut circa 1735. Additions from 1770 and 1980 completed the building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It overlooks the Titicus River.
 St Mary's Church Barnetby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Barnetby Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The McCarthy Building is located on River Street on the west side of Monument Square in Troy New York United States. It was built in 1904 by Peter McCarthy president of Troy Waste Manufacturing Co. and remains in use as a commercial building. In 1970 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 along with the nearby Cannon Building. Since 1986 it has also been a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District.It is five stories tall and three bays wide.
 The Church for All Nations at 417 West 57th Street between Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1886-87 and designed by Francis H. Kimball in the Late Victorian Gothic style for the Catholic Apostolic Church an English group which believed in an imminent Second Coming.
 Merrill's Wharf Historic District is a historic district on MacArthur Drive in New Bedford Massachusetts.The district was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It encompasses two wharves just to the south of State Pier: the Steamboat Pier and the adjacent Coal Packet Pier. Also included is the stone counting house built by Edward Merrill the last surviving stone waterfront structure from New Bedford's heyday as a whaling center.
 The Taganrog City Architectural Development Museum is housed in mansion designed by the architect Fyodor Schechtel in 1912 which belonged to merchant Sharonov. The majolica panel decorating the frieze of the building was produced by Abramtsevo workshop based on the sketches of renowned artists as Nicholas Roerich Mikhail Vrubel and Viktor Vasnetsov.
 IOOF Building is at 208 North Fifth Street in Kingman Arizona. The two-story building was built in 1912. The building was in the Mission/Spanish Revival style. This was the second fraternal organization clubhouse in Kingman. In 1922 the first fire station in Kingman was built next door. IOOF is the Independent Order of Odd Fellows. Today IOOF no longer uses the building and it serves as a fitness facility called SHIFT Training Center.
 Schloss Cecilienhof is a palace in Potsdam Brandenburg Germany. Cecilienhof was the last palace built by the Hohenzollern family that ruled Prussia and Germany until 1918. It is also famous for having been the location of the Potsdam Conference in 1945 in which the leaders of the Soviet Union the United Kingdom and the United States took important decisions affecting the shape of post World War II Europe and Asia.
 The Chapel of SS. Faith Hope & Charity is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Park Avenue at 58th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1958 at Park Avenue at 59th Street until relocating to its final location at Park Avenue at 58th Street in 1978; the parish closed in 1986 and is now served by a chapel in St. Patrick's Cathedral (New York).
 St Giles' Church Holme is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Holme Nottinghamshire.
 The Gov. James W. Nye Mansion at 108 N. Minnesota St. in Carson City Nevada United States was built in 1860. It has also been known as St. Teresa's Rectory. It was a home of U.S. senator William M. Stewart and of Nevada territory governor James W. Nye.It is a one-and-a-half story stone house built on a large lot. It became an unofficial Governor's Mansion after Governor Nye purchased the house in 1862.
 Children's Home is a historic building at 427 Robeson Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1895 to replace an earlier wooden building. The Children's Home was founded in 1873 as a merger of the Fall River Orphan's Asylum and Children's Friend Society.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included a small stick-style picnic shelter also located on the property.It is now owned by Citizens for Citizens Inc.
 Dethick Manor is a 16th-century manor house situated at Dethick Amber Valley Derbyshire much altered in the 18th century and converted to use as a farmhouse. It is a Grade II* listed building.The manor of Dethick was anciently owned by the eponymous family.
 The Great Hall is a grade II listed Gothic Revival building located at the University of Leeds in West Yorkshire England. The building is primarily used for formal occasions such as graduation ceremonies and university students' examinations. Its undercroft was previously utilised to house the university library collections before the Brotherton Library opened in 1936.
 St. Charles Mercy Medical Center is a hospital in Oregon Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
 Bogie Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It was built in 1908 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story structure on a granite and fieldstone foundation in the American Craftsman style. It features a hipped roof shed dormers two cobblestone chimneys and a verandah in addition to two levels of cure porches.
 Robinsons Place Manila is a shopping mall located behind the Philippine General Hospital and the campus of the University of the Philippines Manila in the City of Manila. It was the second and by-far the largest Robinsons Mall ever built by John Gokongwei. It began operations in 1995 and was opened in 1997. The mall features anchors like Robinsons Supermarket Robinsons Department Store.
 The Niagara Health System (NHS) is Ontario's largest multi-site hospital amalgamation comprising the following six sites serving 434000 residents across the 12 municipalities making up the Regional Municipality of Niagara Canada. Douglas Memorial Site in Fort Erie Greater Niagara General Site in Niagara Falls Niagara-on-the-Lake Site Port Colborne Site St.
 De Karpendonkse Hoeve is a restaurant located in Eindhoven in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star every year since 1979.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 14.0 out of 20 points.Head chef is Peter Koehn. In 1980 Koehn took over from Peter Willems who had earned the Michelin star in 1979.Present owner is Ingrid van Eeghem.
 Century Club of Scranton is a historic women's club located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1913-1914 and is a three-story rectangular brick limestone and wood building in the Colonial Revival-style. It measures 56 feet 6 inches by 92 feet 4 inches and has a flat roof and three bay symmetrical facade.
 The Yale Bridge or Lewis River Bridge spans the Lewis River near Yale Washington. It was built in 1932 by Cowlitz and Clark counties. The suspension bridge has a clear span of 300 feet (91 m) with a total length of 532 feet (162 m) replacing a previous steel truss bridge at the site. Construction of the Ariel Dam had created Lake Merwin with a water depth of 90 feet (27 m) at the site requiring a new bridge that did not need to have support piers in the water.
 The Elliot Smith House was a historic house at 839 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story asymmetrical wood frame Queen Anne style house was built in 1889 for Elliot Smith a local businessman who operated a wholesale grocery. Its porch featured elaborately turned posts and balusters and the house was clad in wood shingles including bands of decoratively cut shingles. There was an oriel stained glass window on the south wall.
 Old Ebbitt Grill is a historic bar and restaurant located at 675 15th Street NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. It is Washington's oldest bar and restaurant and as of 2012 was owned by Clyde's Restaurant Group. It opened as an unnamed restaurant in the Ebbitt House hotel. The hotel was razed and rebuilt in the same location in 1827.
 Guptsar Sahib (Punjabi: ਗੁਪਤਸਰ ਸਾਹਿਬ) is a holy Gurdwara (English: Sikh shrine) located on the outskirts of Chhattiana village of Sri Muktsar Sahib district in East Punjab (Indian Punjab).
 Ideal Lofts is a residential condominium low-rise building at 301 Markham St. and College St. in the downtown Toronto neighbourhood of Little Italy.The condo has 68 units and nine stories. The sixth and eighth floors are two-story lofts. The units facing either south or west have terraces or balconies. The south units overlook grasses and trees on the condo's lower green roof.
 Kvindemuseet (English: Women's Museum) is a history museum in Aarhus Denmark focused on the cultural history of women in Denmark. Housed in the former Aarhus City Hall Kvindemuseet was founded in 1982. As of 2012 the museum operated on a budget of 10 million Danish krone from state municipal and private funding.There is a café and bakery at Kvindemuseet.
 The McCurdy Hotel is a historic building in the Riverfront District of Evansville Indiana built in the colonial revival style and designed by architect Henry Ziegler Dietz. The McCurdy was constructed on the former site of the St. George Hotel which was razed in 1915. It opened for business on June 17 1917 and closed on March 16 1969 due to bankruptcy.
 Mary Andrews Clark Memorial Home is a four-story 76000-square-foot (7100 m2) French colonial chateauesque brick structure in the Westlake neighborhood of Los Angeles near downtown. It was built in 1913 as a YWCA home for young working women. The house was built by William A. Clark (1839-1925) the copper magnate after whom Clark County Nevada was named as a memorial to his mother Mary Andrews Clark (1814-1904).
 Aubergine is a restaurant in Steyl in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2006–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 14 out of 20 points.Head chef of Aubergine is Paul Pollux.
 The Church of the Holy Archangels (Romanian: Biserica de lemn Sf. Arhangheli) is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş in Romania listed as a UNESCO world heritage site in December 1999. The structure is in the village of Rogoz in the Lăpuș River valley within the mountainous area of northern Transylvania.
 The Supreme Court Building is the official and principle workplace of the Supreme Court of Pakistan located in 44000 Constitution Avenue Islamabad Pakistan.
 Chesterville Plantation Site is a historic archaeological site located near NASA Langley Research Center Hampton Virginia. The main house was built about 1771 and was a two-story brick house set on a high basement with a three-bay gable end front and stuccoed brick walls. The site includes the remains of the house the ruins of a building with a ballast stone foundation the foundation of a brick kiln a cemetery and scattered evidence of 17th century occupation.
 Coronado School is a historic elementary school in the Barelas neighborhood of Albuquerque New Mexico. Built in 1936–37 as a Public Works Administration project it is the city's third-oldest operating elementary school. Coronado School was added to the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties and the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Undredal Stave Church (Norwegian: Undredal stavkyrkje) is a stave church in Aurland Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Undredal on the shore of the Aurlandsfjorden. The church is part of the Undredal parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The church is only 12 by 4 metres (39 by 13 ft) and has only 40 seats making it the smallest stave church still in use in all of Scandinavia.
 The Hilton Leeds Arena known in early planning as the Portland Crescent Hotel is a 15 storey four-star 206-bedroom Hilton hotel. Currently under construction in Leeds's Civic Quarter it is expected to open in 2015. Designed by Architects Dexter Moren Associates for developer GB Group the building is to match the nearby Civic Hall and will be clad entirely in natural limestone and Portland stone.
 The Palace of Serbia (Serbian: Палата Србије / Palata Srbije) is a building located in the Novi Beograd municipality of Belgrade Serbia. The building is used by the government of Serbia and currently houses several cabinet level ministries and agencies.The technical name of the building is Savezno izvršno veće 1 (SIV 1) as it was used by the Federal Executive Council of Yugoslavia. later it was informally known as the Palata Federacije (Palace of the Federation) before given its present name.
 The Institute of Mental Health (Abbreviation: IMH; Chinese: 心理卫生学院) has a long tradition of care for psychiatric patients. In 2006 the Woodbridge Hospital compound part of IMH was marked as Singapore's 83rd historic site by the National Heritage Board due to its history as Singapore's first mental institution.Present-day IMH is located on a 25-hectare campus at Buangkok Green Medical Park in the north-east of Singapore.
 Holmes-Foster-Highlands Historic District is a national historic district located at State College Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes 727 contributing buildings in two residential areas of State College; Holmes-Foster and the Highlands. The district reflects the growth and development of State College as an emerging college town.
 Woodrow Wilson Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Castor Gardens neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a three-story 15-bay brick and limestone building in the Classical Revival style. It features a projecting center entrance pavilion four Doric order columns supporting an entabulature and balustraded parapet.
 The White House in Brentsville Virginia was built in 1822. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.It is significant as the finest example of Federal residential architecture in Brentsville Virginia and is probably the oldest surviving house in the village. It was first the home of a prominent widow and is believed to have been a social gathering place.The house is a two story Federal style gabled brick building with double chimneys at each end.
 St. Mark's Historic District is a historic district located in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The district was designated a city landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1969 and it was extended in 1984 to include two more buildings on East 10th Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and was expanded in 1985.
 The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks is a complex of locks that sits at the west end of Salmon Bay part of Seattle Washington's Lake Washington Ship Canal. They are known locally as the Ballard Locks after the neighborhood to the north.
 Freethinkers` Hall also known as Park Hall is a meeting hall in Sauk City Wisconsin. Designed by Alfred Clas Freethinkers' Hall was built in 1884 for the local Freethinkers' congregation or Freie Gemeinde. The congregation had been formed by German immigrants in 1852 and became the last extant Freethinker' congregation in North America. It affiliated with the American Unitarian Association in 1955. The group meets in the hall to this day.
 West Stockholm Historic District is a national historic district located in the town of Stockholm in St. Lawrence County New York. The district includes 27 contributing buildings and three contributing sites. The district encompasses the archaeological sites of mills and small factories as well as the cluster of extant residences shops and public buildings which comprises the village center.
 Cumston Hall is a historic library in downtown Monmouth Maine. It was completed in 1900 and is named in honor of Dr. Charles M. Cumston a former headmaster at the English High School in Boston who gave the Romanesque Revival and Queen Anne Style building to Monmouth equipped with a library and auditorium. Cumston chose Harry Hayman Cochrane (1860–1946) a muralist to design and decorate it.
 The Abner Gaines House was built on the Old Nicholson Road in Walton Kentucky in 1814. It is the oldest house in Walton. The home's location was home to a tavern as early as 1795. Abner Gaines came to Kentucky from Virginia in 1804. Gaines opened a Post Office in his tavern in 1815 then began the first stagecoach line between Cincinnati Ohio and Lexington Kentucky.
 Cathedral of the Rockies also known as Cathedral of the Rockies First United Methodist Church is a United Methodist cathedral located in the historic North End district of Boise Idaho United States of America.
 Tipahato is a former summer residence in Cascade Frederick County Maryland that combines Italianate and bungalow design features as well as Queen Anne and Colonial Revival design. This very large house was built in 1906.
 The Second Street–Gun River Bridge in Martin Township Michigan was built in 1926. The Allegan County Road Commission hired Yost Brothers of Decatur Indiana to construct the bridge. The bridge is believed to have been based on a standard Michigan State Highway Department plan for a curved-chord concrete girder bridge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Bergy Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located near Harleysville in Upper Salford Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are the Bergy Stone Arch Bridge (1848) Kratz House and Barn (c. 1861) German garden Bergy Inn and Stable Building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The John Ward House at 184 Ward Street in Newton Massachusetts is a Federal style house. It was deemed eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 but its owner objected to the listing.The house is a circa 1805 house built in Federal style on a 18752-square-foot (1742.1 m2) lot.The house has a square plan with five bays on each side.
 The Flagstaff House commonly known as Flagstaff House is the presidential palace in Accra which serves as a residence and office to the President of Ghana. Flagstaff House is built on the site of a building which was constructed and used for administrative purposes by the British Gold Coast Government. The previous seat of the government of Ghana is the Osu Castle.
 Gripsholm Castle (Swedish: Gripsholms slott Mariefred) is a castle in Mariefred Södermanland Sweden. It is located by lake Mälaren in south central Sweden in the municipality of Strängnäs about 60 km west of Stockholm.
 Mood's Covered Bridge was a historic covered bridge located in East Rockhill Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It crossed the northeast branch of Perkiomen Creek. Built in 1874 in the town truss style the bridge was 120 feet long and 15 feet wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980. It was destroyed by arson and subsequently removed from the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museum of Fine Arts Gifu (岐阜県美術館 Gifu-ken Bijutsukan) is art museum located in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. The focus of the museum is on art and artists related to Gifu Prefecture but the museum also collects pieces from other places in Japan and overseas.
 The First Presbyterian Church (Utica NY) and its related McKinnon House were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The property is located at 1605 Genesee Street in Utica New York at the corner of Faxton Street and Genesee Street. The structures are notable for their early twentieth century design and architecture.The church was designed by Boston architect Ralph Adams Cram and built in 1920. The McKinnon House was designed by Binghamton architect C.
 Bethel Church (New Bethel Church;Bethel Methodist Church) is a historic church in Labadie Missouri.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Church of the Holy Apostles is an Episcopal parish located at 296 Ninth Avenue at 28th Street in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. Its historic church building was built from 1845 to 1848 and was designed by the noted New York architect Minard Lafever. The geometric stained-glass windows were designed by William Jay Bolton. The building is a New York City landmark and on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Central Embarcadero Piers Historic District is a Registered Historic District in the City of San Francisco California United States. It consists of Piers 1 1½ 3 and 5 is one of the largest surviving pier complexes along San Francisco's Embarcadero. The Central Embarcadero Piers Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 2002.
 The Omni Grove Park Inn is a one-hundred-year-old historic resort hotel on the western-facing slope of Sunset Mountain within the Blue Ridge Mountains in Asheville North Carolina. It is a AAA Four-Diamond Hotel and has been since2001. It has been visited by many United States' presidents and other people of notoriety.Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the hotel is an example of the Arts and Crafts style.
 Raleigh Springs Mall was an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis Tennessee USA. It was located on the north side of Memphis on Austin Peay Hwy. just north of Interstate 40.
 The Paul Johnson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 7 Stanton Street in Worcester Massachusetts. When the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 the c. 1908 house was noted for its Queen Anne styling included colored bands of shingling between the floors and turned porch posts with brackets. Many of these details have been lost or obscured by later exterior changes (see photo).
 The Masonic Building (referred to by Montana State University as the Broadway III building) is a historic building in Billings Montana that was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 (under the name Masonic Temple)Originally built by the local Masonic lodges as a meeting hall the Masons outgrew it and moved to a new building. The old building was sold to Montana State University-Billings and today serves as its Urban Institute.
 Kulturværftet (The Culture Yard in English) is a cultural centre located in Helsingør Denmark.The center was established in 2010 in the buildings from the former Helsingør Værft or Elsinore Shipyard.Kulturværftet is a part of Kulturhavn Kronborg whats is the culmination of the ambits project by Helsingør to leave the industrial era behind and enter a new chapter for the town.Kulturhavn Kronborg is an effort to offer a variety of culture experiences to resistance and visitors to Helsingør.
 Old St. Nicholas Russian Orthodox Church also known as the Eklutna Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Eklutna Alaska. It is about one mile inland from the Knik Arm of the Cook Inlet.The church built of hewn spruce logs is about 5 by 8 metres (16 ft × 26 ft) in plan and may have been built in about 1870 or as early as 1830.
 The Church of the Blessed Sacrament is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Forest Avenue at Manor Road Staten Island New York City in the neighborhood of West New Brighton Staten Island. The parish was established in 1910.
 Kazdanga Palace is located in the village Kazdanga (Polish and German Katzdangen) Kazdanga parish Aizpute municipality Latvia. The first manor house was made out of wood and the new palace was built in 1800-1804 in the late classical style designed according to the project by the German architect J. G. Berlitz. Kazdanga established the first Latvian fish pond now in operation for a number of important agricultural schools.
 The John F. Seagle Building (also known as Hotel Kelley or the Dixie Hotel) is a historic building located at 408 West University Avenue in Gainesville Florida in the United States. Built in 1926 it was designed by noted University of Florida architect and professor Rudolph Weaver and built by G. Lloyd Preacher & Co.On August 16 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Dixie Hotel Hotel Kelley.
 Bohemian National Hall is an historic building located in Cleveland Ohio that was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 28 1975. The hall was built to serve the cultural and educational needs of the Czech immigrant community and currently serves as host to Sokol Greater Cleveland and the Cleveland Czech Cultural Center and Museum.
 Graham-Brush Log House is a historic home located at the hamlet of Pine Plains in the town of Pine Plains Dutchess County New York. It was built in about 1776 and is a two room log structure with a wood frame lean-to on its rear elevation. It measures roughly 39 feet long and 18 feet wide. It is one and one half stories with a gable roof; the lean-to addition is one story.
 Banya Bashi Mosque (Bulgarian: Баня баши джамия Banya bashi dzhamiya; Turkish: Banya Başı Camii) is a mosque in Sofia Bulgaria built by the architect and civil engineer Mimar Sinan
 The Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity (Spanish: Catedral Ortodoxa Rusa de la Santísima Trinidad) is an Eastern Orthodox church building in Buenos Aires Argentina. Located in the neighbourhood of San Telmo it was built between 1898 and 1901 with designs of architect Alejandro Christophersen.It the see of the Diocese of South America of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia.
 The Museum of Sarajevo (Muzej Sarajevo) is located in central Sarajevo the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina and was established in 1949.
 Trump Vancouver (formerly referred to as Palm Court and Ritz-Carlton Vancouver the building itself referred to as Vancouver's Turn) is a skyscraper under construction in Downtown Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The 63-storey 188-metre-high (617 ft) mixed-use tower will be located at 1133 West Georgia Street and is scheduled to be completed in 2016. Trump Vancouver will be the second tallest building in the city after the Shangri-La tower located across West Georgia Street.
 Chapelfield is a large indoor shopping mall in Norwich city centre on a site previously occupied by the Caleys (later Rowntree Mackintosh and Nestlé) chocolate factory.The centre opened on Wednesday 21 September 2005 featuring a new three-floor flagship House of Fraser department store.
 Holy Cross Church and School Complex—Latonia is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Covington at 3612 Church Street in Covington Kentucky. The campus straddles Church Street with the sanctuary and rectory on the east side and elementary school high school and convent on the west. The was constructed between 1906 and 1908 with the elementary school added in 1914 rectory in 1924 the high school in 1930 and the convent in 1941.
 Cathedral of the Sacred Heart (often referred to in shorthand as Sacred Heart Cathedral) is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. It is the motherchurch of the Diocese of Fairbanks and is the seat of the bishop of the diocese. It is located in the City of Fairbanks in the state of Alaska and sits close to the geographic center of the city.
 Lauer Flats are 1887 residential townhouses designed by Henry and Charles Lauer in Italianate style located in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. They are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fillan church (Norwegian: Fillan kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Fillan which is also the municipal center of Hitra.The church was consecrated on 16 September 1789 which makes it the oldest existing church on Hitra island. The red church building is made of wood and it was designed by architect Fredrich Bertelsen Ødegaard.
 The Museum of Reconstruction for Finnmark and North Troms (Norwegian: Gjenreisningsmuseet for Finnmark og Nord-Troms) is a museum in the town of Hammerfest Norway.As was much of Northern Norway the entire town of Hammerfest was razed to the ground by the retreating Nazi German military forces at the end of World War II. The museum commemorates this event with a wide range of displays including both photographs and many items from the town from around that time.
 The Tokyo Korean Culture Center is a Korean Language and Cultural Exchange Center in Tokyo Japan. Supported by the Korean Ministry of Culture this center offers Korean Language classes and promotes Korean culture in Japan through educational sporting entertainment art and trade events and through the promotion of tourism. The Tokyo Korea Center is one of twelve Korean Cultural Centers in nine different countries.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland is the Cleveland-based headquarters of the U.S. Federal Reserve System's Fourth District. The district is composed of Ohio western Pennsylvania eastern Kentucky and the northern panhandle of West Virginia. It has branch offices in Cincinnati and Pittsburgh. The check processing center in Columbus Ohio was closed in 2005.
 Edgbaston House is a highrise commercial building in on Duchess Place Birmingham. It was built by Laing Development Co Ltd. and the consulting engineers were Ove Arup. Construction cost £1720000. It was the result of work by Calthorpe Estates to attract businesses to the Hagley Road and Five Ways by promoting the construction of office blocks there. It is part of the Duchess Place estate which consists of office blocks totalling 200000 sq ft (19000 m2).
 The Deming School also known as the Deming Elementary School located at 715 W. Fifth Ave. in Cheyenne Wyoming was built in 1945. It was designed by Frederick Hutchinson Porter.
 Fredericktown Presbyterian Church is a historic Main Street and Public Square in Fredericktown Ohio.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Samuel Coles House is located in Cherry Hill Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1743 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1973.
 The Charles Allis Art Museum is a museum in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Charles Allis House.
 The Academy Cinema (grid reference ST590744) is a historic building on Cheltenham Road Bristol England.It was built in 1914 in an Edwardian Baroque style. It closed as a cinema in 1955 and became a Christadelphian Hall or chapel. More recently it was adapted for use as a bar under the name The Magic Box. It has since been refurbished as a new venue for Jesters Comedy Club.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Food Republic (Chinese: 大食代; pinyin: Dàshídài) is a food court chain run by the BreadTalk Group based in Singapore.The concept combines local hawker fare with mini restaurants (some of which have exclusive seating) in an open dining concept. Some stalls are also run from standalone pushcarts. Food Republic's elaborate decor and furniture are designed to invoke a nostalgic kampong atmosphere.
 Parris Island Drydock and Commanding Generals House is a historic home and drydock and national historic district located at Parris Island Beaufort County South Carolina. The district encompasses one contributing building and two contributing structures at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island.
 The Agdam Mosque (Azerbaijani: Ağdam məscidi transliterated also as Aghdam Mosque) is a large mosque in Agdam Azerbaijan. It was one of the few buildings of the town that wasn't destroyed during the Nagorno-Karabakh war
 The Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary of Cuernavaca (Spanish: Catedral de la Asunción de María) is the Roman Catholic cathedral church of the Diocese of Cuernavaca located in the city of Cuernavaca Morelos Mexico. The church and its surrounding monastery is one of the early 16th century monasteries in the vicinity of the Popocatepetl volcano built initially for evangelization efforts of indigenous people after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire.
 Caldey Abbey is an abbey and monastery of the Cistercian order situated on the island of Caldey south of Tenby on the Welsh coast of Pembrokeshire. Caldey Island has been known as one of the centres of Cistercian activity since Celtic times and thrived during medieval Europe. However the current abbey was built in 1910 by Anglican Benedictine monks. It is considered to be the most complete example of the Arts and Crafts style in the country and the largest project of John Coates Carter.
 One Magnificent Mile (or One Mag Mile) is a mixed-use high-rise tower completed in 1983 at the northern end of Michigan Avenue on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago containing upscale retailers on the ground floor followed by office space above that and luxury condominium apartments on top.
 Dover Immigration Removal Centre (formerly known as Dover Prison) is an immigration detention centre located in the historic citadel of the Western Heights fortifications in Dover England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. Dover has been designated as an historic site by English Heritage.
 The John Wood Mansion was built between 1835 and 1838 by John Wood who in 1860 became the 12th governor of Illinois on the death of Governor William Bissell. The Wood family moved into the Greek Revival home situated at 12th and State Streets in Quincy Illinois from an unusual two-story log cabin in 1837. Quincy is the county seat of Adams County. Wood founded both the county (1825) and city (1835).
 Buffalo Gap Historic Village is a large museum of fifteen outdoor structures and West Texas artifacts that reach back to the late 19th century and the early 20th century located in the small town of Buffalo Gap south of Abilene Texas. The museum focuses particularly upon the years 1883 1905 and 1925. The village is centered on the original Old Taylor County Courthouse and Jail from 1879.
 Brooklyn Borough Hall was designed by architects Calvin Pollard and Gamaliel King in the Greek Revival style and constructed of Tuckahoe marble under the supervision of superintendent Stephen Haynes. It was completed in 1848 to be used as the City Hall of the former City of Brooklyn. In January 1898 the independent City of Brooklyn merged with the City of New York and Kings County became the Borough of Brooklyn at which time the building became Brooklyn Borough Hall.
 The Church of Saint Mary the Virgin commonly shortened to St Mary's is a church in the Church of England parish of Walmer Kent England.
 The United States Post Office in Adel Georgia is a building from 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Unitarian Church of Houlton is a historic church building on Military Street in Houlton Maine.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 First Universalist Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was designed by Alexander C. Eschweiler.
 St. Rose of Lima Mission Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Silver Lake Missouri.
 Insole Court is a Grade II* Listed Victorian Gothic mansion in Llandaff Cardiff Wales dating back to 1856.
 Hebron is a historic home located near Still Pond Kent County Maryland. It is a two-story brick farmhouse probably constructed in the mid to late 18th century by members of a prominent Kent County Quaker family.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Le Centre Sheraton Hotel is a skyscraper hotel in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1201 René Lévesque Boulevard West in Downtown Montreal between Stanley Street and Drummond Street.Le Centre Sheraton has 825 rooms and stands 118 metres (387 ft) tall with 38 floors. It was built by Le Group Arcorp and was completed in 1982.It hosted a meeting of G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors on October 24-25 2000.
 St. John's Church Marchington Woodlands is a parish church in Marchington Woodlands Staffordshire United Kingdom. Built in 1859 this small Country Church is the only church within the parish of Marchington Woodlands.
 The Chief Jean Baptiste de Richardville House was built near Fort Wayne Indiana in 1827. Subsidized by the U.S. federal government through the 1826 Treaty of Mississinwas it is believed to be only one of three treaty houses built east of the Mississippi River. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on March 2 2012.
 The Glass House building was a purpose-built stained-glass studio and workshop for stained glass artists in Fulham London. Having gone into partnership in 1896 Mary Lowndes and Alfred Drury had The Glass House built in 1906 for use by independent stained glass artists.
 The Alexandria City Hall also known as the Alexandria Market House & City Hall in Alexandria Virginia is a building built in 1871 and designed by Adolph Cluss. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The site was originally a market from 1749 and courthouse from 1752. A new building was constructed in 1817 but after an extensive fire in 1871 it was rebuilt as a replica of the former building.
 Centre Mills is a historic grist mill located at Miles Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1802-1803 and is a two-story fieldstone building with a basement and attic. It measures 44 feet 10 inches by 58 feet and has a gable roof. Also on the property are a barn stone house and miller's house. The stone house was built in 1813 and is a two-story stone dwelling measuring 40 feet by 30 feet with a two-story frame addition.
 Acheron Youth Camp an Australian minimum security training facility for juvenile males is located in Buxton Victoria Australia approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) north–east of Melbourne. The facility is operated by Youth Justice Custodial Services an agency of the Department of Human Services of the Victorian Government. Set on 350 acres (140 ha) the camp is an alternative custodial option for up to ten young men aged 15–17 on Youth Justice Centre Orders.
 Oakwood Plaza a 906000 square foot regional center is a power center located in Hollywood Florida.
 The Bangs Block is a historic commercial block at 1119 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1870 for John Bangs who operated a flour and dry goods business on the premises. His son Adam Bangs used the space as a meat market and it has seen a variety of commercial uses since then. The building is four window bays wide presenting a relatively narrow profile to the street; it has Italianate detailing in the brickwork.
 The Adams-Crocker-Fish House is an historic house at 449 Willow Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The Greek Revival cottage was built c. 1830 by Obadiah Adams and passed through the ownership of several members of the Crocker and Fish families in the 19th century. It is an excellent example of a vernacular Greek Revival structure; the property also has a number of period outbuildings.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Historic Elitch Theatre is located at the original Elitch Gardens site in northwest Denver Colorado. Opened in 1890 it was centerpiece of the park that was the first zoo west of Chicago. The theatre was Denver's first professional theatre serving as home to America's first and oldest summer-stock theatre company from 1893 until the 1960s. The first films in the western United States were shown there in 1896. Cecil B.
 Fredenburg House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1716 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed farmhouse built into a slight hillside. It is an example of 18th-century regional vernacular German architecture. It was acquired as a dependency for Grasmere as did the Benner House and Steenburg Tavern by the mid-19th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Leo's Tavern (Irish: Tábhairne Leo original and official name) is a restaurant and pub in the Donegal Gaeltacht best known as the home of music artists Clannad Enya and Moya Brennan. The pub opened in 1968 and held Irish traditional music sessions nightly becoming the musical starting block for the children of Leo Brennan the pub's founder. The current proprietor is Bartley Brennan one of the youngest of the Brennan siblings.
 Senator George William Norris House also known as George W. Norris House is a house built in 1899 in McCook Nebraska. It was a home of U.S. Senator George W. Norris. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1967.The house has been owned and operated by the Nebraska State Historical Society as the Senator George Norris State Historic Site since 1968.
 750 Seventh Avenue is a 615 ft (187m) tall skyscraper in New York City. It was completed in 1989 and has 36 floors. Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo & Associate designed the building and it is owned by Hines a Texas based real estate investment company. The building's continuous helix design culminating in a chimney-like extension was caused by the New York City Building Code which requires setbacks.
 The Milton Railroad Station is located on Dock Road at the Hudson River in Milton New York United States. It is a frame rectangular structure built for the West Shore Railroad in the late 19th century.Passenger service ended in 1959. The station survives with the Highland Falls station as one of the few extant West Shore Railroad passenger stations. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2007.
 The Lucketts School in Lucketts Virginia was built in 1913. It is a wood-frame schoolhouse with elements of Colonial Revival and Craftsman style. It was originally known as Lucketts High School and was expanded in 1919 with additional classrooms and in 1929 with a small auditorium. It was one of the first multi-room schools in Loudoun County and remains one of the best-preserved early 20th century schools in the county.
 Fisher-Richardson House is a historic house at 354 Willow Street in Mansfield Massachusetts.The house was built between 1743 and 1751 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Northam Memorial Chapel and Gallup Memorial Gateway also known as Cedar Hill Chapel and Gateway is a historic chapel in the Cedar Hill Cemetery at 453 Fairfield Avenue in Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Raymond's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Castle Hill Avenue at Tremont Avenue The Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1842. According to the parish website It was dedicated on the feast of St. Raymond Nonnatus on August 31 1845 thus getting its name. There is a stained glass window on the right side if you are looking at the sanctuary of St.
 Shin-Yakushi-ji (新薬師寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Kegon sect in Nara Japan. It was founded in 747 by Empress Kōmyō. Initially a large complete Shichidō garan temple it suffered from fire damage and deteriorated during the Heian period. The temple was revived during the Kamakura period. Only one building the present main hall or Hon-dō (本堂) has survived from the 8th century. All other structures date to the Kamakura period.Shin-Yakushi-ji owns several cultural assets.
 St. Patrick Hospital is a healthcare facility in Missoula Montana.
 Juliette Gordon Low Historic District consists of three buildings - the Juliette Gordon Low Birthplace also known as Wayne-Gordon House First Girl Scout Headquarters which was the carriage house for the Andrew Low House converted for use by the Girl Scouts in May - June 1912 and the Andrew Low House is a site in Savannah Georgia significant for its association with Juliette Gordon Low and the founding of the Girl Scouts of the USA.The district includes the Wayne-Gordon House at 10 Oglethorpe Avenue East which is also known as Juliette Gordon Low Birthplace the First Girl Scout Headquarters (Andrew Low Carriage House) at 330 Drayton Street and the Andrew Low House at 329 Abercorn Street.The Birthplace was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1965. 
 The Takoma Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Takoma Park Montgomery County Maryland. All five houses were constructed in 1951 are identical in their layout and construction and were designed by Charles M. Goodman. In Goodman's parlance the house was titled Unit House No. 1-2L (presumably Unit No. 1 with two levels). The houses exhibit the open floor plan that was characteristic of all of Goodman's work.
 The Hudson County Courthouse or Justice William J. Brennan Jr. Courthouse is located in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. The six-story structure was originally built between 1906 and 1910 at a cost of $3328016.56.
 Sodom Mill Historic and Archeological District is a historic district in Exeter Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Holy Spirit Cathedral is seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Penang currently Rt. Rev Sebastian Francis. It is situated at Green Lane Penang. It is a World Heritage Church (minor).
 Fairview is a historic home located near Delaware City New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1822 and was built a two-story five-bay rectangular brick dwelling with a Georgian style center hall plan. It was modified in 1880 by noted architect Frank Furness to add a shingled third story four notable corbeled chimneys and an addition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Patrick Robert Sydnor Log Cabin is a historic log cabin located near Clarksville Mecklenburg County Virginia. The house was built about 1865 and is a 1 1/2-story log building with a gable roof and a brick and stone chimney. Also on the property are the contributing wood storage shed a chicken house and an outhouse.
 The Douglas Mental Health University Institute (formerly the Douglas Hospital and originally the Protestant Hospital for the Insane) is a Canadian psychiatric hospital located in the borough of Verdun in the city of Montreal Quebec. It is also a teaching hospital affiliated with McGill University. The nearest Montreal Metro station is Monk.
 Fallais Castle (French: Château de Fallais) is a castle originating in the 13th century in Fallais in the municipality of Braives province of Liège Belgium.The castle was built in the 13th Century by the Beaufort family. Twice the lords were involved in armed conflicts with the Liege prince-bishopric.
 Alexander McVeigh Miller House also known as the Mittie Clark Miller House and The Cedars is a historic home located at Alderson Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built starting in 1881 and is a large T-shaped frame dwelling. It features three-bay verandas and a full height pedimentedtwo-columned portico. It was the home of author Mittie Clark Miller (1850-1937). In 1939 Ruth Bryan Owen (1885-1954) and her husband purchased The Cedars and began making repairs.
 Henry Weaver House a California Bungalow is in Santa Monica California. It was built in 1910 by the Milwaukee Building Company for Henry Weaver a Midwestern hotel developer.
 The Royal Adelaide Hospital (RAH) is Adelaide's largest hospital with 680 beds. Founded in 1840 the Royal Adelaide provides tertiary health care services for South Australia and provides secondary care clinical services to residents of Adelaide's city centre and inner suburbs.The hospital is situated in the Adelaide Park Lands on the north side of North Terrace between Frome Road and the Adelaide Botanic Gardens.
 The headquarters of the United Nations is a complex in New York City. The complex has served as the official headquarters of the United Nations since its completion in 1952. It is located in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan on spacious grounds overlooking the East River. Its borders are First Avenue on the west East 42nd Street to the south East 48th Street on the north and the East River to the east. 'Turtle Bay' is occasionally used as a metonym for the U.N.
 Graceland Cemetery is a large Victorian era cemetery located in the north side community area of Uptown in the city of Chicago Illinois USA. Established in 1860 its main entrance is at the intersection of Clark Street and Irving Park Road. The Sheridan stop on the Red Line is the nearest CTA L station.
 The Riverside Avenue Bridge is the only cast-iron bridge in Connecticut and one of a small number still in use in the United States. It carries Riverside Avenue over the New Haven Line railroad tracks in the Riverside section of Greenwich Connecticut. The bridge was part of an earlier span built in 1871 over the Housatonic River by the New York and New Haven Railroad and when that bridge was replaced part of it was erected in Riverside in 1895.
 The Church of St James the Great Haydock is in Church Road in the former mining community of Haydock now part of the Metropolitan Borough of St. Helens Merseyside in the North-west of England (postcode WA11 0NJ). It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Winwick.
 Space Flight Operations Facility (SFOF) is a control room and related communications equipment areas at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena California. It has monitored and controlled most interplanetary and deep space exploration for NASA since 1963.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1985 and is on the National Register of Historic Places.Public tours are available with advanced planning.
 La Laurentienne Building (French: Édifice La Laurentienne) is a 102 m (335 ft) 27-story skyscraper in Montreal Quebec Canada. The building was designed by Dimitri Dimakopoulos & Associates for Marathon Realty Lavalin and the Laurentian Bank. It is located on René-Lévesque Boulevard at the intersection of Peel Street in the Ville-Marie borough of Downtown Montreal.
 Baldwinsville Village Hall in Baldwinsville New York is a Renaissance Revival style village hall that was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It was designed by architect Charles E. Colton and was built by G.W. Van Dusen and others.
 The James Iredell House was the Edenton North Carolina home of James Iredell an ardent patriot and Justice of the Supreme Court. The property was placed on the National Register on 1970-02-26.
 Simi Valley Hospital (SVH) is a Seventh-day Adventist hospital located in Simi Valley California. SVH is a member of Adventist Health.
 Concord is a historic home located in District Heights Prince George's County Maryland. It is a 1790s 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house with a five-bay south facade and a later two-part wing which stretches to the west. The home was built for Zachariah Berry Sr. (1749-1845) a prosperous planter who had large landholdings in Maryland the District of Columbia and Kentucky. A great deal of the home's features are Greek Revival-influenced dating from an 1860s renovation.
 Mariamite Cathedral of Damascus (Arabic: الكنيسة المريمية‎) is one of the oldest Greek Orthodox churches in Damascus Syria and holds the seat of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch. The church complex is located on the Street Called Straight.
 The John Smith House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 California Automobile Museum formerly the Towe Auto Museum is an automobile museum located in Sacramento California. It has a collection of over 160 classic cars race cars muscle cars hot rods and early models displayed throughout 72000 square feet (6700 m2) of museum space.
 All Saints Memorial Church is an historic Episcopal church at 674 Westminster Street in Providence Rhode Island that is the largest Episcopal church building in Rhode Island.The current church building was designed by architect Edward Tuckerman Potter in a Gothic Tudor Revival style and built from 1869-1872. The congregation was founded in 1844. The church building added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Museum of Broken Relationships (Croatian: Muzej prekinutih veza) is a museum in Zagreb Croatia dedicated to failed love relationships. Its exhibits include personal objects left over from former lovers accompanied by brief descriptions.The museum began as a traveling collection of donated items the museum has since found a permanent location in Zagreb. It received the Kenneth Hudson Award for Europe's most innovative museum in 2011.
 William Bailey House is a historic home located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a 1 1⁄2-story stone building. It features brick end chimneys and oversized eyebrow windows under the eaves.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Monmouth Street Historic District is located in Newport Kentucky. It is the main commercial street of the City. The district was placed on the National Register in 1996. The district includes Monmouth Street between Third Street (near Newport on the Levee) then south to Eleventh Street. It contains 80 acres (320000 m2) and 94 buildings. Most of the buildings were built between 1850 and 1949.
 Cylburn Arboretum (207 acres) is a city park with arboretum and gardens located at 4915 Greenspring Avenue Baltimore Maryland. It is open daily without charge. The arboretum began as the private estate of businessman Jesse Tyson who started construction of Cylburn Mansion in 1863.
 Hearthside is a historic house in Lincoln Rhode Island at 677 Great Road (Rt. 123) at the intersection of Breakneck Hill Road. Stephen Hopkins Smith built this federal-style house in 1810 of fieldstone and it contains 10 fireplaces or hearths. Smith allegedly built the house with winnings from the Louisiana state lottery to unsuccessfully woo a woman from Providence.
 Auburn is an Antebellum Greek Revival mansion in Duncan Park in Natchez Mississippi. It was designed and constructed by Levi Weeks in 1812 the first planned building in the town. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974 and a Mississippi Landmark in 1984.
 The Ninth Street Seven Arch Stone Bridge was a historical bridge in Lockport Illinois. The bridge was the region's first over the Des Plaines River facilitating trade between farmers west of the river and merchants in Lockport. Farmers were previously forced to use a ford located near 9th Street. It was approved on March 20 1868 and cost $4000. The arch bridge was constructed using locally quarried limestone in eight to twelve inch blocks. Each arch of the bridge spanned 197 foot (60 m).
 The Turtleville Iron Bridge is located in Beloit Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Fort Lyon first named Fort Wise has served in Colorado as a United States Army fort a sanatorium a neuropsychiatry facility and a minimum security prison. The state closed the prison in 2011 and in 2013 proposed to use the site as a rehabilitation center for homeless people.The fort is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Part of the site the Fort Lyon National Cemetery which began burials in 1907 remains open.
 The Ed Leith Cretaceous Menagerie is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The museum is housed in the atrium area of the Wallace Building at the University of Manitoba. It is educational interactive and publicly accessible. The menagerie features complete skeletal replicas of four creatures. Three of the specimens are marine: a gigantic vicious fish the world's largest sea turtle and an enormous formidable mosasaur ('sea lizard').
 The Oberoi Gurgaon is a luxury hotel in Gurgaon the business hub on the outskirts of capital New Delhi. Owned by Gurgaon based developers Orbit Resorts and managed by The Oberoi Hotels & Resorts chain it was built at a cost of 4 billion (US$67 million) and opened on 13 April 2011 catering mainly to business travellers.
 Villa Savoye (French pronunciation: ​[saˈvwa]) is a modernist villa in Poissy in the outskirts of Paris France.
 The College of Physicians of Philadelphia is the oldest private medical society in the United States. Founded in 1787 by 24 Philadelphia physicians to advance the Science of Medicine and thereby lessen human misery by investigating the diseases and remedies which are peculiar to our country and to promote order and uniformity in the practice of Physick it has made important contributions to medical education and research.
 The National University Hospital (Abbreviation: NUH; Chinese: 国立大学医院; Malay: Hospital Universiti Nasional Singapura) was established in 1985 and it serves as a tertiary hospital clinical training centre and research centre for the medical and dental faculties of the National University of Singapore (NUS).NUH is also a referral centre for a wide range of medical surgical and dental specialties including Cardiology Gastroenterology and Hepatology Obstetrics and Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Paediatrics and Orthopaedic Surgery and Hand and Reconstructive Microsurgery. 
 Reading Civic Centre is a civic centre in the town of Reading itself in the English county of Berkshire.
 Pewee Valley Confederate Cemetery is the site of the old Kentucky Confederate Home. The cemetery is not only on the National Register of Historic Places but an individual monument within it the Confederate Memorial in Pewee Valley is separately on it as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS. It is the only cemetery for Confederate veterans 313 in total that is an official state burying ground in Kentucky.
 The Green Tree Tavern also known as the Marlborough Inn is a historic building in the Fishtown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The tavern is still operated under this name today claiming to be the oldest operating tavern in Philadelphia established in 1849.
 First United Church (formerly from 1913-1943 the Knox Presbyterian Church) is a designated municipal heritage property. Originally built in 1916 at a cost of $25000 to house the Presbyterian denomination; in 1943 after the Swift Current Metropolitan Methodist Church burned down the two denominations merged to form the united church.
 The Crown Regency Hotel and Towers is a hotel complex in Cebu City Philippines. The main building the 38-storey Fuente Tower 1 is one of the tallest hotel buildings in the country at 140 meters (460 feet).
 Joshi Hospital (Marathi: जोशी रुग्णालय) is a large state-run hospital in Pune India over 100 beds.
 The Harnsberger Octagonal Barn also known the Mt. Meridian Octagonal Barn is located near Grottoes Virginia. Built about 1867 the barn is possibly the only example of such a barn in Virginia as the building style was more popular in the expanding midwestern United States in the immediate post-American Civil War era than in economically-depressed Virginia.
 Hill House also known as the Col. James Johnston House is a historic home located at Boalsburg Harris Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with a gable roof attic and basement. It measures 46 feet by 24 feet. It has a stone and frame rear kitchen ell that measures 20 feet by 18 feet. It was built by Col.
 HM Prison Wellingborough was a Category C men's prison located in Wellingborough Northamptonshire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 West Lake Restaurant (Chinese: 西湖楼 aka Xihulou) is a restaurant in Changsha capital of the central Chinese province of Hunan and one of the largest restaurants in the world. With its 5000 seats it is considered the largest restaurant in China and in Asia according to an entry in the Guinness Book of Records for being the biggest Chinese restaurant in the world.
 St. Luke's Hospital is a Massachusetts hospital located at 101 Page Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.
 Murphysboro Elks Lodge also known as Murphysboro Event Center is a historic meeting hall and former Elks lodge in Murphysboro Illinois. The lodge was built in 1916 for Murphysboro Elks Lodge No. 572 which was chartered in 1900. Architect Rudolph Zerse Gill designed the building in the Classical Revival style. The red brick building features a limestone foundation and terra cotta decorations. The front entrance is topped by an oval containing an elk head and decorated with fruit garlands.
 The Brick Store Museum located at 117 Main Street in the town of Kennebunk Maine is one of only a few museums that opened during the Great Depression in the United States.
 The parish Church of St. Quiricus and St. Julietta in Tickenham Somerset England has 11th-century origins with the nave and chancel being extended by the addition of aisles and the south chapel in the early 13th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church's dedication to the saints Quiricus and Julietta is extremely unusual – there are three similar dedications in the UK two in Cornwall at Luxulyan and St Veep and one at Swaffham Prior in Cambridgeshire.
 Clifton Park Center Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic Baptist church and cemetery at 713 Clifton Park Center Road in Clifton Park Center Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1837 and is a rectangular gable roofed brick church in a vernacular Greek Revival style. The adjacent cemetery is surrounded by a cast and wrought iron picket fence and gate. There are approximately 350 burials.
 The Huether Hotel is a building of Canadian national historic significance in Waterloo. Originally a commercial hotel to Waterloo's first brewery it served as a hotel and storage area for its sister brewery a source of alcohol during Canadian prohibition and eventually a cafe restaurant and pub. It remains an architectural feature and gathering spot for uptown Waterloo.
 Green Bay Correctional Institution (GBCI) is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Allouez Wisconsin. The prison is located along the east bank of the Fox River. The prison was originally known as the Wisconsin State Reformatory (WSR). In 1972 WSR became an adult male maximum-security prison.
 Torrance Memorial Medical Center is a private hospital located in Torrance California. Torrance Memorial Medical Center is a Magnet designated facility recognized by the American Nurse Credentialing Center (ANCC) for quality patient care nursing excellence and innovations in professional nursing practice. Torrance Memorial was founded by the estate of Mateo Morales and Sidney Torrance in 1925 and merged with the smaller Riviera Community Hospital in 1967.
 Dicks-Elliott House is a historic home located in Lynchburg Virginia. It was built in 1813 by Agatha Terrell Dicks widow of Windsor chair-maker William Dicks. Agatha was the daughter of noted Lynchburg-area Quakers Micajah Terrell and Sarah Lynch. On August 6 1812 Agatha Dicks' uncle John Lynch (Lynchburg's Founder) sold half-acre Lot Number 175 to Agatha for $1.00.
 All Saints' Church Gurnard is a parish church in the Church of England located in Gurnard Isle of Wight.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Piat (Basilica Minore Nuestra Señora de Piat) is one of the twelve Minor Basilicas in the Philippines. It is located in the outskirts of Piat in the province of Cagayan. The shrine is dubbed as the Pilgrimage Center of the North and a home to the 407-year-old Black Virgin Mary Our Lady of Piat.
 The Lewis Miller Cottage was the home of Lewis Miller leader of the Chautauqua movement. It is one building included in the larger Chautauqua Institution Historic District also a National Historic Landmark.It was named a National Historic Landmark in 1965.The coordinates in the map on the right are an improvement over what they were but they are still incorrect (I haven't figured out how to change them yet). This structure is on the southwest side of Whitfield Ave.
 The Cathedral of St. Joseph is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manchester in New Hampshire. It is located on Lowell Street in the downtown district. Bishop Peter Libasci serves as Bishop of the Diocese of Manchester and Monsignor Anthony Frontiero is the rector of the cathedral parish. The church was founded to serve the needs of Irish immigrants.
 East Avenue Tabernacle Associated Reformed Presbyterian Church (Great Aunt Stella Center) is a historic Reformed Presbyterian church at 927 Elizabeth Street in Charlotte North Carolina. It was designed by architect James Mackson McMichael in a Classical Revival style.It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Jedediah Higgins House is a historic house on Higgins Hollow Road in North Truro Massachusetts. It is one of the least-altered 19th century Cape style houses in the Cape Cod National Seashore and an excellent early example of that style. It is a 1.5 story post-and-beam house whose front facade typifies the Cape style: a central doorway flanked by windows on either side.
 St Mary's Church Hartwell is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Hartwell Buckinghamshire England. It is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is now ruined and stands in the grounds of Hartwell House to the north of the A418 road.
 Titusville City Hall is a historic city hall located at Titusville Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1865 as a private dwelling and later operated as a hotel known as the Bush House. It is a 2 1/2-story frame building in the Greek Revival style. The front facade features a portico with four Ionic order columns supporting a pediment and entabulature.
 The Parish Church of Saint Mary North Leigh is the Church of England parish church of North Leigh a village about 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Witney in Oxfordshire.
 The Parish Church of Saint Giles Standlake is the Church of England parish church of Standlake a village about 5 miles (8 km) southeast of Witney in Oxfordshire. Since 1976 St. Giles has been a member of the Lower Windrush Benefice along with the parishes of Northmoor Stanton Harcourt and Yelford.
 The Château Vicomtal Saint-Pierre de Fenouillet is a ruined 11th century castle in the commune of Fenouillet in the Pyrénées-Orientales département of France.The castle was originally owned by the Vicounts of Fenouillèdes. It is now the property of the commune. It has been the site of archaeological digs since 2000.
 Candler Cottage is a historic cottage at 447 Washington Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Teackle Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion located at 11736 Mansion Street Princess Anne Maryland United States. The mansion was built between 1802 and 1819 for Littleton Dennis Teackle and his wife Elizabeth Upshur Teackle. The mansion was notable for its neoclassical architecture with many distinctive features and 19th century period rooms.The mansion is the home of the Somerset County Historical Society. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The T.R. Kelly House at 164 W. 200 South in Springville Utah United States was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.According to architectural historian Deborah R.
 Holy Trinity Church Warrington is in the centre of the town of Warrington Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Warrington.
 Noyes-Parris House built in 1690 is a historic house at 204 Old Connecticut Path in Wayland Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register in 1990.
 The Gifford–Davidson House also known as Stone Cottage in Elgin Illinois was built in 1850 and expanded in 1871. The Gifford–Davidson House is unusual due to its cobblestone construction and Second Empire style details. This design would have been more typical in James Gifford's original home of New York. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.
 St Mary's Church Stoke-by-Nayland is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Stoke-by-Nayland.
 Plaza West Covina formerly Westfield West Covina and before that Plaza at West Covina West Covina Fashion Plaza and West Covina Plaza is a large regional shopping mall in West Covina California owned by the Starwood Capital Group.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity is an Anglican church in downtown Toronto Canada at Trinity Square.
 St George's Church Macclesfield is a former church in High Street Macclesfield Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The The Classic Flyers Museum is an aviation museum located at the Tauranga Airport Mount Maunganui New Zealand owned by a registered New Zealand charitable trust the Bay of Plenty Classic Aircraft Trust.The museum has a range of flying and static aircraft displays as well as a cafe. The museum features a Hawker Hunter.
 The Woodbury County Courthouse is a building that fills an entire quarter block in Sioux City Iowa. It is regarded as one of the finest Prairie School buildings in the United States and has been declared a National Historic Landmark. It is used for legal proceedings in the county.
 St. Patrick's Church is a Catholic church and parish in the Archdiocese of New Orleans. The parish was founded in 1833 and the current structure was completed in 1840. It is the second oldest parish in New Orleans (the oldest parish is St. Louis Cathedral) located upriver from the French Quarter at 724 Camp Street in what is now the Central Business District.
 San Paolo Converso is a former church in Milan northern Italy.Built in 1546-1580 for the convent of the Order of the Angeliche it has a nave with barrel vault with a wall dividing the church reserved to the nuns to that for the common faithful like in San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore.The Baroque façade was designed in 1613 by Giovan Battista Crespi. The interior houses canvasses from the Cremonese masters Giulio Antonio and Vincenzo Campi.
 Krak des Chevaliers (French pronunciation: ​[kʁak de ʃəvaˈlje]) (Arabic: قلعة الحصن‎) also Crac des Chevaliers is a Crusader castle in Syria and one of the most important preserved medieval castles in the world. The site was first inhabited in the 11th century by a settlement of Kurds; as a result it was known as Hisn al Akrad meaning the Castle of the Kurds. In 1142 it was given by Raymond II Count of Tripoli to the Knights Hospitaller.
 La Royère Castle (French: Château de la Royère) is a ruined medieval castle in Néchin in the municipality of Estaimpuis province of Hainaut Belgium.
 The Queen's Laundry Bath House is a ruinous structure in Yellowstone National Park. The log building sits on the edge of the Queen's Laundry thermal feature in the Lower Geyser Basin. The water at this location is somewhat cooler than the norm allowing early tourists to bathe. Begun by Yellowstone park superintendent Philetus Norris the bath house was intended to have two rooms and a dirt-covered roof but was never completed.
 The Washington D.C. Jewish Community Center (DCJCC) is a Jewish Community Center located in the historic district of Dupont Circle. It serves the Washington D.C. area through religious cultural educational social and sport and fitness center programs open to men and women of all religions although many programs are strongly linked to Jewish culture both in the United States and in Israel.
 The Presley Norton Museum (Museo Presley Norton) is a museum in Guayaquil Ecuador which houses a collection of archaeological artifacts including pottery and figurines made by the original settlers of Ecuador. It occasionally hosts film screenings and live music. The museum has approximately 8000 artifacts some dating as far back as 3000 B.C.The museum is in the Villa Rosa Herlinda mansion once owned by Ismael Pérez Pazmiño the founder of El Universo newspaper.
 The Leeds Studios also known as the Yorkshire Television Studios or YTV Studios is a television production complex on Kirkstall Road in Leeds West Yorkshire England. ITV plc had proposed to close the studios in 2009 however later in the year had a change of mind and instead decided to refit them as high definition studios.
 The County Road 557–West Branch Escanaba River Bridge is a bridge located on County Road 557 as it passes over the West Branch of the Escanaba River in Wells Township in Marquette County Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt also known as Vanderbilt Children's Hospital is a children's hospital affiliated with Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville Tennessee. The hospital was ranked among the best children's hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
 Liepāja Holy Trinity Lutheran Cathedral (Latvian: Liepājas Svētās Trīsvienības katedrāle) is a historical Lutheran cathedral in Liepāja Latvia. The foundation stone of the church was laid in 1742 and on December 5 1758 the church was solemnly consecrated. The church interior and exterior architecture is built in the late baroque style with classic features. The cathedral interior is characterized by its Rococo features and luxurious furnishings with wood carvings and gold plating.
 Kfar Shaul Mental Health Center (Hebrew: בית החולים כפר שאול‎) established in 1951 is an Israeli public psychiatric hospital located between Givat Shaul and Har Nof Jerusalem. It is affiliated with the Hadassah Medical Center and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 Woodside near Tuckahoe Virginia in Henrico County Virginia was built in 1858. It is a Greek Revival style villa in the countryside but not a farmhouse. It was a family home of the Wickham family of Richmond. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Llanvihangel (or Llanfihangel) Court Llanvihangel Crucorney is a Tudor country house in Monmouthshire Wales described as the most impressive and richly decorated house of around 1600 in Monmouthshire. The court has a complicated building history stretching from the mid-16th century to the early 20th century. It is a Grade I listed building.The court was originally constructed by the Morgan family in 1559 although earlier medieval elements were incorporated.
 Midsummer House is a restaurant located in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. In 2001 the restaurant was damaged twice from flooding caused by the nearby River Cam. After winning a Michelin star in 2002 it won a second in 2005. The chef patron is Daniel Clifford.
 Gori City Hall (Georgian: გორის მერია goris meria) is an administrative building of Gori Georgia a city in eastern Georgia which serves as the regional capital of Shida Kartli. According to media reports the hall has been a target of shelling by Russian troops during the 2008 Russian Georgian war. Until 2010 there was a monument to Joseph Stalin in front of the City Hall who was born in this city.
 Scripps Mercy Hospital is a private Catholic teaching hospital located in San Diego California. Founded in 1890 it is the oldest hospital in San Diego County and has campuses in Chula Vista California and Hillcrest a neighborhood of San Diego. The hospital has 700 acute-care licensed beds and employs 1300 physicians. The Hillcrest campus is home to one of only two regional Level I Trauma Centers and receives more than 2100 trauma patients each year.
 Newell Hall is a historic site in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located in the northeastern section of the University of Florida. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Schines Auburn Theatre is a historic theatre building located at 12-14 South Street between Genesee and Lincoln Streets in Auburn New York. It is owned by the Cayuga County Arts Council. It is an outstanding example of the later Art Deco style of architecture in the Streamline Moderne vein designed by the noted theatre architect John Eberson.
 The Hubbard Park Historic District encompasses a residential development and park west of Harvard Square in Cambridge Massachusetts. The area was originally the estate of Gardiner Hubbard who had a 6-acre (2.4 ha) estate and house on nearby Brattle Street. In the 1880s Hubbard commissioned architects to build a ring of high quality homes around his mansion which was demolished in 1939 and is now the site of Hubbard Park.
 The Ascension of The Lord Lavender Hill is an Anglican church in the Anglo-Catholic tradition situated on Lavender Hill in Battersea South West London. It is thought to be the first church in England dedicated to The Ascension of The Lord. Built to the designs of the architect James Brooks its foundation stone was laid in 1874 and it was consecrated in 1883.The church is one of three in the parish of Lavender Hill The Ascension and Battersea St. Philip with St. Bartholomew.
 The Masonic Building in Fort Benton Montana also known as Sharps Store or Benton Pharmacy was built in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The building was for a time the meeting hall for Benton Lodge #25 but the lodge now meets elsewhere
 The Kelso Depot Restaurant and Employees Hotel or Kelso Depot now also the Mojave National Preserve Visitors Center is located in the Mojave Desert within the National Park Service Mojave National Preserve on Kelbaker Road in Kelso California between Baker and Interstate 15 to the north and Interstate 40 to the south. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places and along with the adjacent ghost town of Kelso was declared a United States Historic District in 2000.
 PlazAmericas formerly known as Sharpstown Mall and earlier Sharpstown Center is a shopping mall located in the Sharpstown development in Greater Sharpstown Houston Texas. The mall is located on the northwest corner of U.S. Route 59 and Bellaire Boulevard. This is the third mall to be built in Houston after Gulfgate Mall opened in 1956 and Meyerland Plaza in 1957. The area includes the Jewelry Exchange Center a ten story building.
 The American Institute of Pharmacy Building also known as the Americal Pharmaceutical Association Building and the American Pharmacists Association Building is a late Beaux Arts style building in Washington D.C. the headquarters of the American Pharmacists Association. The building prominently located on Constitution Avenue is on the only privately held lot in the area surrounded by protected Federal lands. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Palace of Happiness (Azerbaijani: Səadət Sarayı) currently also called Palace of Marriage Registrations and previously called Mukhtarov Palace is a historic building in the center of Baku Azerbaijan built in Neo-Gothic style in the early 20th century.
 The Center Depot is a historic railway station at 57 Water Street (MA 129) in Wakefield Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style depot was built in 1900 on the Boston and Maine Railroad's Wakefield to Newburyport line. The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. As of 2008 the former depot serves as a restaurant.
 The Townsend House is a historic building on Embassy Row in Washington DC home to the Cosmos Club since 1952. The free-standing house set in almost an acre of garden was designed in the Beaux Arts French style by architects Carrère and Hastings in 1898 for Richard T. Townsend and his wife Mary Scott Townsend and essentially completed in 1901. Mr. Townsend died shortly thereafter in 1902. Following the death of Mrs. Townsend in 1931 their daughter Matilde who was by then Mrs. B.
 St. Alexander Nevsky Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox church chapel in Akutan Alaska. It was built in 1918 as a replacement to an 1878 building and used much of the same lumber. It served the Russian Orthodox community in the trading port of Akutan.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Notman House is an historic building located at 51 Sherbrooke Street West in Montreal Quebec near the Golden Square Mile. Completed in 1845 for Sir William Collis Meredith the house takes its name from the celebrated photographer William Notman who lived there with his family from 1876 until his death in 1891. The house is the only surviving residence of its era on Sherbrooke Street and one of Quebec's few residential examples of Greek Revival architecture.
 St Lawrence's Church Snarford is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Snarford Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the A46 road between Market Rasen and Lincoln. It is a medieval building containing impressive 16th- and 17th-century monuments.
 The L.C. Bates Museum is an early 20th-century natural history and cultural museum in Hinckley Maine United States located on the campus of Good Will-Hinckley. It was founded by George Walter Hinckley (1853 - 1950) as a part of the Good Will Home a pioneering residential and educational institution for underprivileged children.
 George Washington Building also known as the Virginia State Office Building is a historic state office building located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1922-1923 and is a 12-story steel frame V-shaped Beaux-Arts style building. The building has a one-story basement two-story limestone base nine-story brick shaft and attic story with a deep cornice that features elaborate terra cotta ornament.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Zook House also known as the William and Elizabeth Owen House built in 1750 is a historic single-family dwelling located near Exton Pennsylvania on the property of the Exton Square Mall on the north side of U.S. Route 30 Business. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 1 1976 following renovations. In 1984 a boundary increase was also listed on the National Register.
 St. Michael's Cathedral (Ukrainian: Михайлівський кафедральний собор) is an Orthodox church located in Cherkasy in central Ukraine. The church was constructed in 2000. It belongs to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate). It is one of the biggest in Ukraine and can hold up to 12000 worshipers at one time.
 Church of Our Lady Immaculate (known locally as the Church of Our Lady) is a Roman Catholic church located in Guelph Ontario Canada designed by Joseph Connolly. It is considered Connolly's best work. To serve a Roman Catholic parish of predominantly German settlers this Gothic style-church was built between 1875 and 1883. The monumental church contains decorative carving and stained glass executed by skilled craftsmen.The church was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.
 St. George is a 6th-century Armenian church located at the outskirts of Sverdlov village Armenia. The church has underrun reconstruction in 19th century and by 2010. The recent reconsecration took place on June 19 2010 under leadership of Bishop Sebouh Chouldjian primate of the Diocese of Gougark.
 The Cook-Bateman Farm is a colonial farm in Tiverton Rhode Island on Fogland and Puncatest Neck Roads. The farm was founded in the 18th century and now consists of 632 acres (2.56 km2). The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as building #79003775.
 Deaconess Hospital is a 307 bed for-profit general medical and surgical hospital located in Spokane Washington. The hospital has 307 licensed beds and 1604 employees.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church in the High Hills of Santee antebellum summer resort community of Bradford Springs in Lee County South Carolina. Built in 1840 in what was then part of Sumter County it is an early example of the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture. It is located about six miles north of Dalzell. On April 17 1996 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is located at 16 East Fourth Street at the northern end of the main commercial street in Covington Kentucky Madison Avenue. This historic church was founded November 24 1842 in a third floor of a brick building near the Covington market. The cornerstone of the first church was June 24 1843 and the first service was on June 30 1844. The church has served the people of Covington and Cincinnati Ohio through wars and floods.
 Smith H. Barlow House is a historic home located at Lacona in Oswego County New York. It was built about 1898 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame Queen Anne–style structure consisting of a rectangular main block 2 1⁄2-story east wing and 1-story gabled rear wing. It features a 2 1⁄2-story square tower and 1-story entry porch. Also on the property is a contemporary carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Williams–DuBois House is located at Grace Lane and Pinesbridge Road in New Castle New York United States. It was built by an early settler of the area during the Revolutionary War. In 1989 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Originally built in the Georgian-influenced American Colonial style it later acquired some Federal style decoration particularly on the interior.
 The former Fourth Church of Christ Scientist now known as the Internet Archive is a historic Christian Science church building located at 300 Funston Avenue corner of Clement Street in the Richmond District of San Francisco California. Built in 1913 it was designed by noted San Francisco architect Carl Werner in the Classical Revival style of architecture.
 The Gulf Mobile and Ohio Passenger Terminal is a historic train station in Mobile Alabama United States. Architect P. Thorton Mayre designed the Mission Revival style terminal for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. It was completed in 1907 at a total cost of $575000. The Mobile and Ohio merged with the Gulf Mobile and Northern Railroad in 1940 to form the Gulf Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Passenger service was discontinued by the late 1950s and the building served as railroad offices.
 Central Hotel and A. Bube's Brewery are a historic hotel and brewery complex located at Mount Joy Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The brewery building was built in 1859 and consists of a 2 1/2-story stone flat roofed building with a one-story attached brick building. The stone portion features large arched double entry doors. In 1880 Alois Bube built the Central Hotel.
 The Empire State Railway Museum is a non-profit railroad museum located in the historic Ulster & Delaware Phoenicia Railroad Station Phoenicia New York. The station was built in 1899 by the U&D and is one of the few surviving examples left along the line. In 1985 the station was purchased by ESRM and a local community redevelopment organization.
 Jardine House (Chinese: 怡和大廈) formerly known as Connaught Centre (康樂大廈) is an office tower in Hong Kong. The building is located at 1 Connaught Place Central on the Hong Kong Island. It is owned by Hongkong Land Limited a subsidiary of Jardines. At the time of its completion in 1972 Jardine House was the tallest building in Hong Kong and in Asia. In 1980 the Hopewell Centre usurped the title of the tallest building in Hong Kong.
 First Freewill Baptist Church is a historic Baptist Church building in Lovelock in East Alton New Hampshire.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Roddy Road Covered Bridge is a small one lane king post wooden covered bridge near Thurmont Frederick County Maryland. It crosses Owen’s Creek near Thurmont. It is 40 feet long 16 feet wide with a 12 foot-8 inch clearance. It was built between 1850 and 1860.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The British Columbia Aviation Museum is located in Sidney British Columbia Canada. It is on the grounds of the Victoria International Airport at 1910 Norseman Road on the north edge of the airport.The Museum consists of a display area spread over two hangars a classroom a restoration workshop and a gift shop. Displays include historical civilian and military artefacts including uniforms medals and models.
 The Naval Reserve Armory in the South Lake Union neighborhood of Seattle Washington is a massive concrete building exhibiting restrained Moderne and Art Deco features. It was built by the Works Progress Administration in 1941-1942 and served as an Advanced Naval Training School during World War II. The main interior feature is a 133 x 100-foot (30 m) drill hall which was used in Naval Reserve training of thousands of young recruits for service in the war.
 Fernelmont Castle (French: Château de Fernelmont) is a fortified farmhouse or château-ferme in Noville-les-Bois in the municipality of Fernelmont province of Namur Belgium.
 The Sultan Suleiman Mosque (Ukrainian: Маріупольська мечеть) is located in Mariupol Ukraine. The mosque is named in honor of Suleiman the Magnificent and Roxelana.
 Clemens Unit (CN) is a prison farm of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) in unincorporated Brazoria County Texas in Greater Houston. The prison with about 8008 square feet (744.0 m2) is located at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 2004 and Texas State Highway 36. The prison in the Texas Gulf Coast region is in proximity to the City of Brazoria and it is in proximity to the Velasco community now a part of Freeport. The prison is situated south of Houston.
 Eliel Saarinen's Tribune Tower design or the Saarinen tower are terms used to describe the unnamed and unbuilt design for a modernist skyscraper created by Finnish architect Eliel Saarinen and submitted in 1922 for the Chicago Tribune's architectural competition for a new headquarters. The winning entry the neo-Gothic Tribune Tower was built in 1925. Saarinen's entry came in second place yet became influential in the design of a number of future buildings.
 The Huys Dever is a small castle in Lisse Netherlands. It was probably built shortly after 1375 by Reinier Dever or d'Ever a member of an old noble family from Holland.
 The Ackerville Baptist Church of Christ is a historic Baptist Church of Christ building in Ackerville Alabama. The one-story Greek Revival style church was built in 1848. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 22 1991 and to the National Register of Historic Places on April 18 2003 due to its architectural significance.
 HM Prison Beechworth now known as Beechworth Gaol was a medium security Australian prison located in Beechworth Victoria Australia.Construction of the current structure was begun in 1859 and completed in 1864 at a cost of 47000 pounds. The prison closed in 2004 and the site has been purchased by private developers. A replacement facility the Beechworth Correctional Centre was opened in January 2005.
 The Shitamachi Museum (下町風俗資料館 Shitamachi Fūzoku Shiryokan) is a museum in Ueno Taito Tokyo Japan. Located on the shores of Shinobazu Pond within Ueno Park it's dedicated to the traditional culture of Tokyo's Shitamachi.
 For the church with a similar name in Cheshire see All Saints' Church Weston CheshireFor the church with a similar name in Nottinghamshire see All Saints' Church Weston NottinghamshireAll Saints' Church is a Church of England parish church which has been located on a hill at the centre of Weston a small village on the outskirts of Bath England for a thousand years.
 Hanby Hall is a Grade II* listed early 18th-century building in Alford Lincolnshire.Hanby Hall was built for Sir Richard Hamby. It is situated opposite St. Wilfrid's church Alford. It is a red brick Flemish bond two-storey house with attics. Originally five-bay and L-plan it was extended to the right in the late 18th-century.
 The Doane College Historic Buildings are located on the Doane College campus at 1014 Boswell Avenue in Crete Nebraska United States. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district there are three buildings included: Gaylord Hall Whitcomb Conservatory/Lee Memorial Chapel and Boswell Observatory.
 Christ Church Cathedral is a historic church at 955 Main Street in Hartford Connecticut.The Gothic Revival church was built in 1827 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Although the church was constructed over a long period of time the initial design was by Ithiel Town.
 The W. H. Murphy House near Shoshone Idaho was built in 1928 by stonemason Jack Oughton and by Sandy Reed. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Mandarin Store and Post Office officially known as the Mandarin Museum and also known as the Walter Jones Store and Post Office Museum is a historic site in Jacksonville Florida United States. It is located at 12471 Mandarin Road. On October 1 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The general store was in operation from 1911 until 1964 and is operated as a museum by the Mandarin Museum & Historical Society.
 Wuhan Center is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Wuhan China.This skyscraper is under construction since 2009 and is due to be completed by 2014. When built it will be the tallest building in Central China and the first building in Wuhan to exceed 400 meters.
 Trump Tower Tampa is the former name of an unfinished (and possibly abandoned) condominium project located in downtown Tampa Florida.
 Brick House Farm also known as the Richard Jarrell Farmhouse is a historic home located at Greensboro in Caroline County Maryland United States. It was built about 1823 and is a five-bay long two-story brick “I” house with a kitchen addition dating to the 1970s. The main house measures 41 feet 8 inches long by 20 feet 1 inch deep. It is one room deep and features a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Augusta Savage House and Studio is a historic home and sculpture studio located at Saugerties in Ulster County New York. The house is a simple mid-19th century two story timber frame gabled-el style Greek Revival dwelling. The sculpture studio is a small single story shed roofed building. The property was owned by sculptor Augusta Savage (1892–1962) from 1945 to 1962.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Agnews Developmental Center is a psychiatric and medical care facility now located in San Jose California.In 1885 the center originally known as The Great Asylum for the Insane was established as a facility for the care of the mentally ill.
 The Patrick McGuinness Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 25 Suffield Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1908 and is a rare well-preserved example of a double triple-decker (housing six units) with Colonial Revival styling.
 Braemar Hospital is a private not-for-profit organisation owned by Braemar Charitable Trust located in Hamilton New Zealand. It provides private health care for patients at its state of the art facility. The Hospital is located on Ohaupo Road Melville.
 Jaunmokas Manor (Latvian: Jaunmoku muižas pils; German: Schloss Neu-Mocken) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Since 1991 the building has housed a woods and forestry museum exhibiting the respective techniques and the history of forestry in the country.
 Standard Plaza is a 16-story office building in downtown Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. At 222 feet (68 m) in height it was the largest office building in Oregon when it was completed in 1963. The 217000-square-foot (20200 m2) structure occupying a city block on SW 6th Avenue between Main Street and Madison Street is owned by Standard Insurance Company which also owns the neighboring Standard Insurance Center.
 The Warkentin House is a house in Newton Kansas United States. The home of Bernhard Warkentin and Wilhelmina Eisenmayer Warkentin it was built between 1886 and 1887. It is listed on the Kansas Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places as a splendid example of the Victorian period in American architecture and furnishings. The Victorian house offers a glimpse into the way the Warkentins lived with 80 percent of the original furnishings remaining.
 St. George Syro-Malabar Catholic Basilica is a basilica in Angamaly Kerala India. It is the largest of its kind in South India and covers an area of 24000 sq. ft.Visited daily by over 160 people each working hourit is one of the most visited structures in Kerela.Along with an underground Parish hall where weddings are commonly held it covers about 24000 sq ft (2200 m2).It has a large chandelier as an added accessory switched on daily along with 2 others in each and every mass.
 Westfield Belconnen also known colloquially as The Hellmouth is managed by Westfield Group and located in the Canberra suburb of Belconnen Australia. The shopping centre is one of the largest in Canberra featuring around 270 specialty stores. Westfield Belconnen is serviced by ACTION buses. The Westfield bus station is on the corner of Lathlain Street and Cohen Street with direct access into the centre.
 Hergot Chapel (Norwegian: Hergot kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hergot. The chapel is part of the Narvik parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white chapel was built in 2005 to replace the old Straumsnes Chapel in nearby Straumsnes.
 Hartford Hospital is a 819-bed acute care teaching hospital located in the South End of Hartford in the US state Connecticut. Hartford Hospital was established in 1854. The hospital campus is located on Seymour Street in Hartford and is directly adjacent to the main campus of the Connecticut Children's Medical Center.
 Sacred Heart Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church on Lumen Christi Lane in Salisbury North Carolina United States. The building cost $9.4 million has 12083 square feet (1122.5 m2) and measures 60 by 170 feet (52 m) seating 760 on 107 acres (0.43 km2) of land. The church held a dedication mass on December 19 2009. Sacred Heart has about 1000 registered families.
 The Monsoon Palace formerly known as the Sajjan Garh Palace is a hilltop palatial residence in the city of Udaipur Rajasthan in India overlooking the lake Fateh Sagar. It is named as Sajjangarh after Maharana Sajjan Singh (1874–1884) of the Mewar Dynasty who built it in 1884. It offers a panoramic view of the city's lakes palaces and surrounding countryside. It was built basically to watch the monsoon clouds; hence appropriately it is popularly known as Monsoon Palace.
 The Wahkonsa Hotel is a historic hotel in Fort Dodge Iowa.It was built in 1910 and for a time was a social hub of Fort Dodge. It was recently renovated.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Evangeline Booth House now known as St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic home located at the hamlet of Hartsdale Westchester County New York. It was originally built about 1870 and extensively remodeled and enlarged after acquired by Evangeline Booth (1865-1950) in 1919. It is a 2 1/2-story Y-shaped fieldstone and half-timbered building. It has a high gable roof with clipped gable ends covered in red Spanish tiles. The house is in the Tudor Revival style.
 The St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel is a hotel in the English city of London forming the frontispiece of St Pancras railway station. It opened in 2011 but occupies much of the former Midland Grand Hotel designed by George Gilbert Scott which opened in 1873 and closed in 1935.
 The Barracks Complex in Września - the old prussian barracks built in the early twentieth century (1902–1910) at the current Kosciuszko Street (old de. Kaiser-Wilhelm-strasse).
 Johnston Hall at Elon University in Elon North Carolina was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Exchange Hotel in Gordonsville Virginia was built in 1860 for Richard F. Omohundro next to an important railroad junction when the Exchange Hotel offered a welcome stopping place for weary passengers on the Virginia Central Railroad.
 Fort Armstrong Theatre is an historic building located in downtown Rock Island Illinois United States. It opened in 1920 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was commonly referred to as the Fort Theater. The theater was named for Fort Armstrong a fortification that sat in the middle of the Mississippi River near the present location of the Rock Island Arsenal. The building now houses a dinner theater called Circa’ 21.
 The Trippenhuis has been the seat of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW) since 1887. It was originally built in the years 1660-1662 for the wealthy Amsterdam weapons dealers Louis and Hendrick Trip and many attributes of weaponry can be seen in the facade.
 First Presbyterian Church located at 10025-105th Street is an historic Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation and Gothic Revival church building in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada. The congregation celebrated its 125th anniversary in November 2006.The Organizational Meeting for this congregation was held on November 3 1881 and the first building opened at 104 Street and 99 Avenue a year later. The second structure was completed and dedicated in July 1902 at 103 Street and Jasper Avenue.
 The Hendrik J. and Wilhelmina H. Van Den Berg Cottage is an historic building located in Pella Iowa United States. During the 1840s and the 1850s immigrants moved to Iowa from the Netherlands to escape religious persecution. Hendrik J. Van den Berg was one such person. He built this home in two phases 1862 and 1880. It exemplifies the first generation of houses built in Pella and exhibits architectural influences of the Netherlands.
 The Shanghai Exhibition Centre(Chinese: 上海展览中心; pinyin: Shànghǎi Zhǎnlǎn Zhōngxīn) or the Shanghai Exhibition Hall (Chinese: 上海展览馆; pinyin: Shànghǎi Zhǎnlǎn Guǎn) is an exhibition and convention centre and major landmark located in central Shanghai China. The building was built in 1955 as the Sino-Soviet Friendship Building (Chinese: 中苏友好大厦) to commemorate the alliance between China and the Soviet Union a name by which many locals still refer to the building.
 Taunton Castle is a castle built to defend the town of Taunton Somerset England.It has origins in the Anglo Saxon period and was later the site of a priory. The Normans then built a stone structured castle which belonged to the Bishops of Winchester. The current heavily reconstructed buildings are the inner ward which now houses the Museum of Somerset and the Somerset Military Museum.The building has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.
 The Butters-Avery House is a historic First Period house at 165 Chestnut Street in Wilmington Massachusetts. It is a two story three bay timber frame house with an integral rear leanto section. When it was built c. 1720 it sat on a tract of some 100 acres (40 ha) (originally granted to William Butters c. 1665) which remained intact until subdivided for housing in the 20th century.
 The Osmothèque (from Greek osmē ‘scent’ patterned on French bibliothèque ‘library’) is the world’s largest scent archive a leading international research institution tracing the history of perfumery based in Versailles with conference centers in New York City and Paris.
 City-Haus is a 42-storey 142 m (466 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. It was constructed from 1971 to 1974 and designed by architects Johannes Krahn and Richard Heil. Today it is part of the headquarters of DZ Bank.
 St. Mary's in Tuxedo is an Episcopal church located within the gated community of Tuxedo Park New York. Members of the public are permitted to attend services along with residents of the village.
 The Wauwatosa Woman's Club Clubhouse is located in Wauwatosa Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Congregation Shaarey Zedek (Hebrew שַׁעֲרֵי צֶדֶק Gates of Righteousness) is a Conservative synagogue located at 27375 Bell Road in the Detroit suburb of Southfield Michigan.
 The Hooper-Eliot House is an historic house at 25 Reservoir Road in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story Stick style house was built in 1872 for E. W. Hooper to a design by Sturgis & Brigham and was an early part of the effort by Sturgis to popularize the Georgian Revival. Its main entrance was redesigned in 1902 by Lois Lilley Howe. The house was purchased by Samuel Atkins Eliot in that same year.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Van Houten's Landing Historic District is a national historic district located at Upper Nyack in Rockland County New York. It encompasses 50 contributing buildings and two contributing structures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Abner Williams Log House is a historic log cabin in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located northeast of Ashley in Noble County it was the home of one of the leading citizens of early Noble County.Born in 1798 Abner Williams was the grandson of early Guernsey County settler Joseph Williams. In 1827 at the age of 29 Abner purchased land in a valley near the present-day Quaker City; here he settled and built his log house which was completed by the end of the year.
 The Hôtel de Villeneuve d'Ansouis is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 The Golden Jubilee National Hospital is a hospital in Clydebank near Glasgow Scotland.
 The Hotel de Paris is an AA 2 star Hotel in the English seaside town of Cromer in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom. The Hotel has been a Grade II listed building since 21 January 1977. A hotel or boarding house has been on the site in the early 1830s and the name Hotel de Paris is recorded as early as 1845. The building was remodelled and extended to incorporate neighbouring properties in the 1890s; the architect for the alterations was George Skipper of Norwich.
 Crathes Castle is a 16th-century castle near Banchory in the Aberdeenshire region of Scotland. This harled castle was built by the Burnetts of Leys and was held in that family for almost 400 years. The castle and grounds are presently owned and managed by the National Trust for Scotland and are open to the public.
 The Manalapan EpiCentre opened in 2002 on the corner of U.S. Route 9 southbound and Symmes Road in Manalapan Township New Jersey. The mall serves the Marlboro and Freehold area. It replaced the earlier Manalapan Mall that was demolished in 1998.
 Ridgeway Historic District is a national historic district located at Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. The district encompasses 31 contributing buildings in the town of Ridgeway. A majority of the buildings in the district were built between 1890 and 1915 the heyday of cotton production in the area.
 The Coconut Palace also known as Tahanang Pilipino (Filipino Home) is the official residence and principal workplace of the Vice President of the Philippines. Located at the Cultural Center of the Philippines in Pasay south of Manila it was commissioned by former First Lady Imelda Marcos.The Coconut Palace built in 1978 is made of several types of Philippine hardwood coconut shells and a specially engineered coconut lumber apparently known as Imelda Madera.
 The United States Penitentiary Administrative Maximum Facility (ADX) is an American federal supermax prison for male inmates located in Fremont County Colorado. It is unofficially known as ADX Florence Florence ADMAX Supermax or the Alcatraz of the Rockies.
 Hampole Priory was a priory in South Yorkshire England.
 The Ball-Waterman House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Late Victorian style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Harris Museum Art Gallery & Preston Free Public Library is a Grade I listed museum building in Preston and has the largest gallery space in Lancashire England.
 The Daniel Sutherland House is located on Angola Road in Cornwall New York United States. It is the late-19th century Stick-Eastlake style home of Sutherland a grandson of David Sutherland whose Colonial-era house is located further south on the road.Sutherland a local lawyer of prominence bought several acres of his ancestral lands from the then-owners the Chedeayne estate around 1875.
 Lake Drive Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an 8-story high-rise building built in 1919-1920 and designed by prominent local architect Edward L. Palmer Jr. in the Classical Revival style.Lake Drive Apartments was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Hotel Niagara also known as Grand Hotel Niagara is a landmark hotel in Niagara Falls Niagara County New York.At 12 stories it was designed by noted Buffalo architects Esenwein and Johnson and considered a skyscraper when it was built between 1923 and 1925. Located 1/4 mile from the Horsehoe Falls it is one block from the Seneca Niagara Casino. It has nearly 200 guest rooms as well as convention facilities.
 Essex County Jail is located in the University Heights section of Newark Essex County New Jersey United States and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 3 1991. The jail was abandoned in 1970 when a new county jail was built. The jail is Essex County's oldest public building. The grounds are located adjacent to the Norfolk Street station of the Newark Light Rail.
 The Residence of Mesquitela (Portuguese: Casa de Mesquitela) is a signeurial building typical of the Beira historical region in the civil parish of Mesquitela municipality of Mangualde.
 The Mansfield Cut Underwater Archeological District is an 18.31-acre (74100 m2) area located near the city of Port Mansfield Texas United States in the waters off Kenedy County and Willacy County Texas. Located offshore in the Gulf of Mexico near the Port Mansfield Cut the site is the location of the Mansfield Cut Wrecks and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1974.
 Rembrandt Tower is an office skyscraper in Amsterdam. It has a height of 135 metres 35 floors and it has a spire which extends its height to 149.85 metres. It was constructed from 1991 to 1994. The building's foundation required piles 56 metres long and two metres in diameter.
 The People's Co-op Building at 151 E. State St. in Lehi Utah was built during 1902-03. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It has also been known as Niagara Skating Rink Lehi Roller Skating Rink Grass Furniture and Christensen Wholesale.
 Indu and Raj Soin Medical Center (Soin Medical Center) is a full-service hospital located in Beavercreek Ohio next to the Mall at Fairfield Commons. It is the newest hospital in the Kettering Health Network. The medical center is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
 The Albert Ayer House is a historic house at 8 Brooks Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1865 and is a conservative but detailed example of early Italianate architecture. It has wide corner boards and its porch which spans the main facade has chamfered square posts. The roof has side gables with a center gable over the front in which is a round-arch window.
 The Minto School at Major Ave. and Third St. in Minto North Dakota was built in 1895. It has also been known as the Walsh County Historical Society Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The O. C. Barber Creamery built in 1909 is an historic farm building located at 365 Portsmouth Avenue on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton Ohio. It was built by American businessman and industrialist Ohio Culumbus Barber the developer of both Barberton which he envisioned as a planned industrial community and the nearby 3500-acre (14 km²) Anna-Dean Farm which he envisioned as a prototype for modern agricultural enterprise.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 200 Main Street in Palatka Florida in the United States. On May 9 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Francis of Assisi Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Metuchen New Jersey United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Metuchen.
 The Museum of Science (MoS) is a Boston Massachusetts landmark located in Science Park a plot of land spanning the Charles River. Along with over 700 interactive exhibits the Museum features a number of live presentations throughout the building every day along with shows at the Charles Hayden Planetarium and the Mugar Omni Theater the only domed IMAX screen in New England.
 Water Wall and Pine Streets Lenticular Truss Bridges is a national historic district and set of Lenticular truss bridges located at Homer in Cortland County New York. The district includes a series of three bridges built in 1881 over the Tioughnioga River by the Corrugated Metal Co. of East Berlin Connecticut.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Union Chapel is a working church live entertainment venue and charity drop-in centre for the homeless in Islington London England. Built in the late 19th century in the Gothic revival style the church is Grade I-listed.
 The Memorial Hospital of Rhode Island is a hospital in Pawtucket Rhode Island USA.
 John Ward House is a National Historic Landmark at 132 Essex Street in Salem Massachusetts.The house was built in 1684 by John Ward and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1968.The house was moved to its present site in 1910 and restored by the Essex Institute (predecessor to the current owner the Peabody Essex Museum) under the direction of curator and early preservationist George Francis Dow.
 The Maj. James B. Bailey House (also known as Rest Haven) is a historic home in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located at 1121 Northwest 6th Street. On December 5 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Feraud General Merchandise Store also known as 1903 Building was built in 1903 in Ventura California. Jules Feraud opened the Feraud Bakery and Grocery Store and the bakery stayed in the family until 1944. The brick building is a rare intact example of turn-of-the-century commercial architecture during Second Land Boom (1887 – 1905) after the tracks of the Southern Pacific Railroad arrived in Ventura.
 The Church of the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul (Serbian: Црква светих апостола Петра и Павла / Crkva svetih apostola Petra i Pavla) commonly known as Church of St. Peter (Црква Светог Петра / Crkva Svetog Petra) or simply Peter's Church (Петрова црква / Petrova crkva) is a Serbian Orthodox church the oldest intact church in Serbia and one of the oldest ones in the region situated on a hill of Ras the medieval capital of the Serbian Grand Principality (Rascia) near Novi Pazar Serbia.
 O'Blenis House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1848 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 The Philadelphia Art Alliance is a multidisciplinary arts center located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
 Jordan Creek Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall and lifestyle center in the American city of West Des Moines Iowa. It is the largest shopping complex in the state of Iowa with a total gross leasable area of 1340000 square feet (124000 m2). It is also the fourth largest shopping complex in the Midwest and the 23rd largest shopping complex in the United States.
 The Lake Champlain Maritime Museum (LCMM) is non-profit museum located in Ferrisburgh Vermont USA. Its mission is to preserve and share the history and archaeology of Lake Champlain. As a maritime museum specializing in archaeology LCMM studies the dozens of shipwrecks discovered in Lake Champlain and plays a major role in the management of those cultural resources.
 The Arkansas Museum of Natural Resources is a museum and Arkansas state park in Smackover Arkansas in the United States. The museum was formed in the 1980s to tell the history of the petroleum industry and later the brine industry as key economic movements spurred by natural resources in South Arkansas.
 The Martha Washington Inn is a historic hotel located in Abingdon Virginia. Originally built in 1832 by General Francis Preston hero of the War of 1812 for his family of nine children over the course of the last 174 years the building has served as an upscale women's college a Civil War hospital and barracks and as a residence for visiting actors of the Barter Theatre.
 Mariedal Castle is a castle in Sweden.Written accounts and the weather vane indicate the castle was built in 1666. The splendid interior of the castle provides stucco ceiling and wainscoting. A portrait collection of the Sparrerska family is displayed there.This manor was called Sörbo and the valley upstream is still called Sörbo Valley. In the middle of the 17th century Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie acquired the manor. On these grounds the present castle with two wings was erected.
 The Griffin Street Cemetery is an historic cemetery in New Bedford Massachusetts. Located at the junction of South 2nd and Griffin Streets and abutting JFK Memorial Highway to the east it is the city's oldest surviving cemetery. The cemetery plot is about 1.7 acres (0.69 ha) in size and roughly follows the rectilinear grid of the city streets. It was established in 1804 not far from a Quaker cemetery whose remains were later reinterred in the city's Rural Cemetery.
 Summit Hotel also known as the Summit Inn Resort is a historic hotel complex and national historic district located at North Union Township and South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes eight contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The main hotel building was built in 1907 and is a three-story stone and stucco Mission style building. The features a parapeted gable and two four-story square towers. The building was expanded in 1923.
 Deacon William Leland House is a historic house at 27 Hollis Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.It was built in 1717 for Deacon William Leland and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The south-facing house consists of a 2-1/2 story main dwelling of 5 bays with a small west ell. It has a gable roof with central chimney.
 The Sanitary Laundry Company Building is a historic building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a five-bay wide five-story brick loft building constructed in 1883. The façade features a cast-iron storefront at street level and the elaborate decorative brickwork and terra cotta ornamentation on the upper floors reflect the influence of the Queen Anne style.
 The Hilton Baton Rouge Capitol Center is a historic hotel in Baton Rouge Louisiana originally built in 1927 as the Heidelberg Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Heidelberg Hotel was a favorite dwelling of Louisiana Governor Huey Long who had a seventh-floor suite. For a time it was known as the Capitol House Hotel. Huey P. Long John F.
 The Zumbro Parkway Bridge is a steel arch bridge located in Zumbro Falls Minnesota. The bridge was built in 1937 by the engineer J.M. Evans and is 59 feet (18 m) long and 32.9 feet (10.0 m) wide. It allows County 68 to cross a portion of the Zumbro River. The bridge is on the National Register of Historic Places (#89001824) and has been listed since 1989.
 Råbelöv Castle (Swedish: Råbelövs slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Bel Air is a colonial-era plantation manor home located in Woodbridge Prince William County Virginia. Built in 1740 as the Ewell family seat the home was regularly visited by Thomas Jefferson and George Washington who was a cousin. It later served as the home of Mason Locke Weems (1759 – 1825) the first biographer of George Washington and the creator of the cherry tree story (I cannot tell a lie I did it with my little hatchet).
 The Moody Street Fire Station is a historic fire station at 533 Moody Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built in 1890 it is one of two nearly identical fire stations designed by local architect Captain Samuel Patch.
 Mother of Sorrows Church is a historic church at 1500 W. 6th Street in Ashtabula Ohio.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 Situated close to the Heerlen train station this egg shaped building dates back to 1938 and is one of the oldest still used cinemas of the Netherlands. It was designed by Frits Peutz (best known for the Glaspaleis) and J. Bongaerts. The buildings behind it are from a later date and include another building by Peutz (Rivoli 1958).It originally had 1180 seats (some sources say 814 but 1180 is more likely); this amount was later reduced by almost half for more leg room leaving 743 seats).
 Clinton Arena also known as Edward W. Stanley Recreation Center is an indoor arena in Clinton New York. Originally built in 1948-49 the arena burned down on September 11 1953. It was then rebuilt in 1954. It is built of concrete block and is two stories high. It consists of two blocks: the entrance block containing locker rooms and offices and the ice hockey rink block.
 Children’s National Medical Center (formerly referred to as DC Children’s Hospital) is the only exclusive provider of pediatric care in the Washington D.C. area and the only freestanding children’s hospital between Philadelphia Pittsburgh Norfolk and Atlanta. Located just north of the McMillan Reservoir and Howard University it shares grounds with Washington Hospital Center National Rehabilitation Center and the DC Veterans Affairs Medical Center.
 Kiwoko Hospital is a community hospital affiliated with the Church of Uganda in central Uganda.
 The Kent Jail also known as the Old Jailhouse is a historic structure located in Kent Ohio in the United States. It was first added to the National Register of Historic Places August 10 1978 while still located at its original location of 124 West Day Street near downtown Kent immediately south of Haymaker Parkway. In December 1999 the building was moved to 497 Middlebury Road to make way for a Walgreens drug store and was subsequently delisted from the register July 20 2000.
 Trinity United Methodist Church (Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church) is a historic church at E. 18th Ave. and Broadway in Denver Colorado.It was built in 1887 and was added to the National Register in 1970.Frederick Albert Hale (1855 – 1934) assisted architect Robert S. Roeschlaub (1843 – 1923) in its design.
 The Hotel St. Regis is a luxury boutique hotel located in the New Center area of Detroit Michigan. The hotel connects to Cadillac Place and the Fisher Building both National Historic Landmarks. In addition the hotel can accommodate conferences with its 5000 square feet (460 m2) meeting space. The hotel architecture is in the Neoclassical style.
 City Hall Historic District is a national historic district located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district consists of four buildings arranged in a 19th-century civic complex. The buildings are the Rochester City Hall (1874–1875) Monroe County Courthouse (1894–1896) Rochester Free Academy (1872–1873) and St. Luke's Episcopal Church (1824). The City Hall and Free Academy buildings were designed by Andrew Jackson Warner. The Monroe County Courthouse was designed by his son J.
 Bokenäs Old Church (Swedish: Bokenäs gamla kyrka) is a church in Uddevalla Municipality Sweden. It is part of Bokenäsets Parish after Bokenäs Parish and several other local parishes were merged in 2010. One of the most well-preserved medieval churches in Bohuslän it was founded at some point in the early 12th century and has been in use since. Except for parts of the interior the weaponhouse from the 17th century and the tower from 1752 most of the church is original.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Churchill Somerset England was largely built around 1360 and is a Grade I listed building.There was a Norman chapel on this site in 1180 from which the nave has survived into the present church.The stone font dates from around 1200 although the wooden font cover was added in 1879 when there was a revival in gothic designs.
 The Château de Balleure is a castle in the commune of Étrigny in the Saône-et-Loire département of France.
 The Suite Vollard is a futuristic residential building in Curitiba Paraná Brazil. It is the world's first spinning building.Opened in 2001 the Suite Vollard was constructed by Moro Construções Civis LTDA and Fritz Georg Gehbauer. The architect was Bruno de Franco. It was built in the Ecoville District in Curitiba and has since became a famous well-known building in the city.The floors each have double sheets of glass on the façade tinted silver gold or blue depending on the floor.
 Sør-Tustna Chapel (Norwegian: Sør-Tustna kapell) is a chapel in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Tømmervåg on the western coast of the island of Tustna. The chapel is part of the Tustna parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The small wooden chapel was built in 1952 and it seats about 75 people.
 The Winand Toussaint House is a historic house at 203 Aspinwall Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Pearl Street Schoolhouse also known as District 11 Schoolhouse is located south of the junction of Awosting and Decker roads in the Town of Shawangunk New York United States. It was built around 1850.The schoolhouse name is derived from the tendency of the Jansen family to speak often of Pearl Street in what is today Lower Manhattan. The homes of early settlers Thomas and Johannes are within a mile (1.6 km) of each other.
 Young Women's Christian Association is a historic YWCA building in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1913-1914 and is a three-story five bay brick and stone Renaissance Revival style building. The two-story rear block contains the gymnasium. The building features an elaborately designed entry portico with a curved exterior staircase.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 El Bajío is a group of ten restaurants in Mexico City which are run by Carmen Ramírez Degollado noted for their colorful decoration and traditional cuisine from central Mexico which has received awards and praise from notable food experts. The restaurant business began in 1972 when Carmen’s husband Raúl Ramírez Degollado bought a restaurant selling carnitas in the northwestern borough of Azcapotzalco.
 Cramond is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted architectural firm of McKim Mead & White in the Classical Revival style. It was built in 1886 and is a 2 1/2-story six bay half-timbered dwelling sided in clapboard. It has a hipped roof with a pair of hipped dormers and two large brick chimneys. It is occupied by a private school known as The Goddard School.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St John the Baptist Church is a Grade I listed parish church in Cardiff Wales the only church dating to pre-Medieval times in Cardiff city centre.
 The Church of St Mary is the parish church of Rogiet a small rural village on the Caldicot Levels 8 miles west of Chepstow Monmouthshire Wales. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Karel Jonas House also known as Terry B. Vetter House is a historic residence in Racine Wisconsin United States that was home to journalist politician and diplomat Charles Jonas (Czech: Karel Jonáš). It was built in 1878. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1982. Jonas was active in local and then state politics and worked on child labor laws.
 Amelita Galli-Curci Estate also known as Sul Monte is a historic country estate located near Fleischmanns and straddling the boundaries of Delaware County and Ulster County New York. It was designed by noted architect Harrie T. Lindeberg (1879–1959) as a country home for Italian operatic soprano Amelita Galli-Curci (1882–1963). The estate has seven contributing buildings and two contributing structures.
 St Helen's Church is the oldest church in Wheathampstead Hertfordshire England although the date of its origins is unknown. The wooden Saxon structure pre-dated the Norman conquest but no records survive which establish the date upon which it was founded. Restoration was begun during the early part of the 13th century the original Saxon church having become dilapidated. The Normans rebuilt and lengthened the chancel in around 1238AD.
 First Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church on 1013 Worcester Road in Framingham Massachusetts.
 Lagoinha Church (Igreja da Lagoinha) is a Christian pentecostal megachurch located in Belo Horizonte Minas Gerais in Brazil. Márcio Valadão is the current senior pastor of the church. The church has about 55.000 members but holds about 8.000 seats. It is one of the best-known evangelical churches in Brazil.
 The Crane Flat Fire Lookout in Yosemite National Park was built in 1931. An example of the National Park Service Rustic style the lookout is a two-story structure with a lower storage or garage level and an upper observation level with an overhanging roof. Design work was carried out by the National Park Service Landscape Division.The lookout was the first in Yosemite and was still in use in the 1980s.
 METRO Church is a Pentecostal church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches (the Australian branch of the Assemblies of God) and located on the Gold Coast Queensland Australia.
 Narbonne Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Just-et-Saint-Pasteur de Narbonne) is a former cathedral and national monument of France located in the town of Narbonne. It is dedicated to Saints Justus and Pastor.It was the seat of the Archbishop of Narbonne until the Archbishopric was merged into the Diocese of Carcassonne under the Concordat of 1801.
 The Residency holds significance for the people of Alice Springs as a tangible symbol of their brief legislative independence from the rest of the Northern Territory. It also provided a hub of social and cultural activities for the local residents.John Charles Cawood was appointed Government Resident of Central Australia in 1926 and was to be based at the capital Stuart (as Alice Springs was formerly known).The Residency was one of a type of house designed for an arid climate.
 Daniel Waggoner Log House and Barn is a historic home and barn located at Potter Township Centre County Pennsylvania. The log house was built about 1809 and is a two-story dwelling with a gable roof measuring 32 feet by 28 feet. Also on the property is a contributing log barn also built about 1809.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Roberts Orpheum Theater in St. Louis Missouri is a Beaux-Arts style theatre that was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was formerly known as the American Theater.
 The Three Chimneys is an award-winning restaurant in Colbost Isle of Skye Scotland. The restaurant was opened in 1985 by Eddie and Shirley Spear. It has won over 30 major awards and in July 2010 was named as one of the New York food critic Frank Bruni's top five favourite restaurants. It was included in the Restaurant magazine list of the world's 50 best restaurants in 2002 (28th position) and 2003 (32nd position).
 Fort Bayard Historic District also known as Fort Bayard Site near Santa Clara (formerly Central) New Mexico was the site of an 1866 post of the US Army Buffalo Soldiers.
 US Post Office - Yerington Main is a building in Yerington Nevada and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It currently acts as one of the post offices for the city of Yerington.
 The Sri Lanka Maha Bodhi Centre is a Sri Lankan establishment in Chennai. It is located in Egmore. It is run by the Sri Lanka Maha Bodhi Society and serves as a monument of friendship between Sri Lanka and India.
 Green Gulch Farm Zen Center or Soryu-ji (meaning Green Dragon Temple) is a Soto Zen practice center located near Muir Beach California that practices in the lineage of Shunryu Suzuki. In addition to its Zen training program the center also manages an organic farm and gardens.
 Le Méridien San Francisco is a 360-room hotel in the financial district of San Francisco California. The property was formerly the Park Hyatt San Francisco.
 The Kuala Lumpur Tower (Malay: Menara Kuala Lumpur; Chinese: 吉隆坡塔;abbreviated as KL Tower) is a tall tower located in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Its construction was completed on 1 March 1995. It is used for communication purposes and features an antenna that reaches 421 metres (1381 feet). The roof of the pod is at 335 metres (1099 feet).
 The Snyder Estate Natural Cement Historic District is located in the Town of Rosendale New York United States. It is a 275-acre (111 ha) tract roughly bounded by Rondout Creek Binnewater and Cottekill roads and Sawdust Avenue.
 Jefferson Avenue School is a historic school building located at Bristol Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 and is a three-story with basement fieldstone schoolhouse building with limestone trim and a hipped roof. It features Georgian Revival detailing including a large central frontispiece with a large semi-elliptical window. About 1986 the school was renovated and became apartments or condominiums.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Drayton Hall is an 18th-century plantation located on the Ashley River about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Charleston South Carolina and directly across the Ashley River from North Charleston in the Lowcountry. An outstanding example of Palladian architecture in North America and the only plantation house on the Ashley River to survive intact through both the Revolutionary and Civil wars it is a National Historic Landmark.The mansion was built for John Drayton (c.
 The Jewell Building is a city landmark in North Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1923 it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Early Settlers Meeting House is a historic meeting house at the junction of Granite and Foggs Ridge Roads at Leighton Corners in the town of Ossipee New Hampshire.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The White Horse Pagoda (simplified Chinese: 白马寺; traditional Chinese: 白馬寺; pinyin: Báimǎ Sì Wade-Giles: Paima szu) in Dunhuang was built to commemorate Tianliu the white horse of the Buddhist monk Kumārajīva which carried Buddhist scriptures all the way from Kucha to Dunhuang in China c. 384 CE.Kumārajīva a revered monk and translator was born in the oasis city-state of Kucha the son of a Kuchean princess and a Kashmiri Brahmin.
 The Dansk Evangelical Lutheran Kirke is a Lutheran church in Hartland Wisconsin located at 400 West Capitol Drive which was built in 1910 for the Danish-speaking Lutheran congregation of the town.
 Fayetteville Confederate Cemetery is a cemetery for soldiers of the Confederate States of America located on the eastern side of Fayetteville in Washington County Arkansas. Added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1993 the cemetery encompasses 3.5 acres (1.4 ha).
 University Hospital is a non-profit 581-bed community hospital located in downtown Augusta Georgia.
 The Great Synagogue (Czech: Velká Synagoga) in Plzeň (Pilsen) Czech Republic is the second largest synagogue in Europe.
 Susana Machado Bernard House and Barn is an elaborate 10000-square-foot (930 m2) Art Nouveau Gothic Revival style mansion and carriage house located in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles California. Built in 1901 the house was designed by noted architect John B. Parkinson (1861–1935). Parkinson also designed the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Union Station and Los Angeles City Hall. Noted for its Gothic style with soaring spaces the house has vaulted ceilings and curved walls.
 Bradford Downtown Historic District is a national historic district in Bradford McKean County Pennsylvania United States. It includes 136 contributing structures mostly commercial buildings and three structures otherwise listed on the National Register; Bradford Armory Bradford Old City Hall and the Rufus Barrett Stone House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) is a medical college and medical research public university based in Patna India. The institute was established in 1970 and is situated in Kankarbagh. It has a capacity of 100 student in each batch. Nalanda Medical College is a self-financed institute affiliated to Aryabhatta Knowledge University Patna. It is recognized by Medical Council of India. It offers undergraduate courses with specialization in Medicine and Dental Surgery.
 The South Atlanta Shopping Centre is a 2 mall complex planned in Newnan Georgia. It includes The Forum at Ashley Park and the planned Newnan Village Crossing. The two malls will be separated by I-85 and connected by Hwy 34 and Lower Fayetteville Road. It planned to be finished by 2010.
 The Church of the Holy Agony is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1834 Third Avenue and 101st Street East Harlem Manhattan New York City New York. The parish was established in 1930 as a mission of Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal. The parish is staffed by the Vincentian Fathers.
 Castle Doornenburg is a Dutch castle from the 13th century.The castle is located in the eastern part of Gelderland near the village of Doornenburg. It contains a front-castle and a main castle which are connected through a small wooden bridge. It is one of the biggest and best preserved castles in the Netherlands.Originally the castle was a fortified manor built in the 9th century under the name Villa Dorenburc. In the 13th century it was converted into a modest castle.
 The First Unitarian Church of Omaha Nebraska is a Unitarian Universalist Church located at 3114 Harney Street in the Midtown area.
 Fort Buford was a United States Army Post at the confluence of the Missouri and Yellowstone Rivers in Dakota Territory present day North Dakota and the site of Sitting Bull's surrender in 1881. Company C 2nd Battalion 13th Infantry 3 officers 80 enlisted men and 6 civilians commanded by Capt. (Brevet Lt. Col.) William G.
 The Odd Fellows Building in Portland Oregon was built in 1922. It served historically as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for its architecture which is Late Gothic Revival.
 St Andrew's Church West Kirby is in Meols Drive West Kirby Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral North. The church is designated by English Heritageas a Grade II listed building.
 The Altes Schloss (Old Castle) near Bad Berneck in south Germany is a ruined castle built in the Gothic style as an Amtsburg towards the end of the High Middle Ages. The castle lies on the Schlossberg (castle hill) of Bad Berneck in the Upper Franconian district of Bayreuth in Bavaria. Today the lofty keep is the emblem of this small spa town.The ruins are open to the public at any time.
 Xavier Hospital was a former hospital located in Dubuque Iowa. It was located in the northern part of the city at the intersection of Windsor Ave and Davis Street. With Finley Hospital and Mercy Hospital Xavier Hospital was one of three hospital facilities in the city of Dubuque.In 1981 the Sisters of St. Francis consolidated Xavier's operations with those of Mercy Hospital. The former hospital building was converted into a retirement home known as Windsor Park.
 1 Bligh Street is a skyscraper in Sydney New South Wales Australia.The modern style office building is located in the Sydney central business district overlooking Circular Quay the Sydney Harbour and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
 The Garden Bowl is a bowling alley located at 4104-4120 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It is the oldest continuously operating bowling alley in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Salle Ventadour a former Parisian theatre in the rue Neuve-Ventadour now the rue Méhul (Paris IIe) was built between 1826 and 1829 for the Opéra-Comique to designs by Jacques-Marie Huvé a prominent architect.
 The Solomon Kimball House probably built in 1696 is a historic First Period house at 26 Maple Street in Wenham Massachusetts.
 St. Patrick Church is a Roman Catholic church in Kennett Square Pennsylvania. The church is located at 212 Meredith Street. Named in honor of Saint Patrick it is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia. It was founded December 1869.
 Radwell Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1896 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame dwelling with clapboard siding and a gable roof on a native fieldstone foundation. It features a flat-roofed cure porch in an irregular L shape that bends outward from the facade. A second cure porch is rectangular and supported on posts.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Frick Collection is an art museum located in the Henry Clay Frick House on the Upper East Side in New York City on Fifth Avenue between 70th and 71st Street. It houses the collection of industrialist Henry Clay Frick.
 The Old Dutch Parsonage is a historical house built in 1751 moved about 1913 and now located at 38 Washington Place Somerville Somerset County New Jersey United States.
 The house at 3 Crown Street in Nelsonville New York United States is located at the corner of Crown a short side street and Secor Street. It is a 19th-century brick home that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as the finest mid-century Italianate structure in the area.It is a two-story five-bay brick house on a stone foundation.
 The Capt. John H. Ozmon Store is a historic general store located at Centreville Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is a two-story brick building constructed about 1880 into the side of a steep bank with the store occupying the lower story and a dwelling on the second floor.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Iffey is a church in the village of Iffley Oxfordshire England now absorbed as a suburb of the city of Oxford.The church was built c.1170–80 in the Norman style by Robert de St Remy the lord of the manor. The building has not been changed too much over the centuries retaining its round-arched windows and doorways. It is Grade I listed. The church includes a stained glass window by the 20th century artist John Piper.
 Richardson Block is an historic building at 113-151 Pearl and 109-119 High Streets in Boston Massachusetts.The building was added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 The Company F State Armory also known as the Waltham State Armory is a historic armory building at Curtis and Sharon Streets in Waltham Massachusetts. The Georgian Revival masonry structure was designed by Hartwell Richardson & Driver and built in 1908. In addition to the high quality of its materials and workmanship it is the last of the state's armories to be built to individualized architectural design.
 McGladrey Plaza is a 320-foot (98 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. Formerly known as Midwest Plaza it was completed in 1969 and has 20 floors. It is the 30th-tallest building in the city and is located on Nicollet Mall. At the time of its completion the building stood as the fifth-tallest structure in Minneapolis and the city's second-tallest post-World War II high-rise behind Canadian Pacific Plaza.
 The National Museum of Nepal (Rashtriya Sangrahalaya) is a popular attraction of the capital city of Kathmandu. About a century old the museum stands as a tourist destination and historical symbol for Nepal. Being the largest museum of the country of Nepal it plays an important role in nationwide archaeological works and development of museums. For the residents of Kathmandu the monument serves to relive the battles fought on the grounds of Nepal.
 BRD Tower is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 19 floors and a surface of 37000 sqm one of the largest office building in Bucharest. There are an additional 3 floors underground that serve as a parking space.
 Palace Hotel is a residential hotel on the eastern side of City Hall Square in Copenhagen Denmark. Influenced by the Art Nouveau style the red brick building was designed by Anton Rosen and completed in 1910.
 The John H. Morgan Surrender Site is the place where during the American Civil War Brig. Gen. John Hunt Morgan the leader of Confederate troops responsible for Morgan's Raid surrendered to Union troops. The site is located at a crossroads between the villages of Gavers and West Point in Columbiana County Ohio about 60 miles northwest of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Lakewood Center is a super-regional shopping mall in Lakewood California. It is anchored by JCPenney Macy's (formerly Robinsons-May) Forever 21 and Target. Macy's formerly operated a 210000 sq ft (20000 m2). store in the mall but closed due to the Federated-May merger. At 2093006 square feet (194446.6 m2) the Lakewood Center is ranked among the largest retail shopping malls by gross leasable area in the United States.
 Douglass Place is a group of historic rowhouses located at Baltimore Maryland United States. Built in 1892 it represents typical alley houses of the period in Baltimore two narrow bays wide two stories high over a cellar with shed roofs pitched to the rear. Italianate influence is reflected in their segmental-arched window and door openings and in the simple molded sheet metal cornices which crown the buildings.
 Wells County Courthouse in Fessenden North Dakota is a Queen Anne style building from 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Zamość Synagogue (Polish: Synagoga Dawna w Zamościu) was built between 1610 and 1618 Zamość in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. The synagogue had functioned as a place of worship until World War II when the Nazis turned the interior into a carpenters’ workshop. Recently restored to the Polish Jewish community the building is going to be renovated and rearranged in order to serve the current citizens of Zamość.
 The Ronald Reagan Boyhood Home is the house located at 816 South Hennepin Street Dixon Illinois in which the late former President of the United States Ronald Reagan lived as a youth beginning in 1920. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The CUBE (Centre for the Urban Built Environment) Gallery on Portland Street in Manchester city centre England was a gallery for architecture and the built environment. It hosted regular exhibitions featuring mostly photography and architectural models (but also multimedia).
 US Post Office-Metropolitan Station originally known as Station A is a historic post office building located at Williamsburg in Brooklyn New York United States. It was built in 1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under Louis A. Simon. The building is a two story flat roofed brick building with a three bay wide central pavilion flanked by three bay wide wings in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Archaeological Museum of Arta is a museum in Arta Greece. It was established in 1973 as the Archaeological collection of Arta and has been housed in the 13th-century Paregoretissa church. It was established as a full museum in 2009.
 Eagle Ridge Hospital (ERH) is a medical facility located in Port Moody British Columbia on the Port Moody/Coquitlam border. ERH is one of 12 hospitals under the jurisdiction of Fraser Health which services more than 1.3 million people.Eagle Ridge Hospital opened its doors in 1984 and operates a 24-hour emergency department ambulatory long-term care and acute care programs. It is a Centre of Excellence for elective surgery for urology gynaecology plastics and orthopedics.
 Fortress of São Mateus da Calheta (Portuguese: Forte Grande de São Mateus da Calheta) is a fort in the civil parish of São Mateus da Calheta in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo island of Terceira in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.The strong fortification is integrated into a wider system located along the southern coast consisting of six redoubts that protected the parish.
 Lake Pleasant Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Speculator in Lake Pleasant Hamilton County New York. It was built in 1894 and is a simple 1 1⁄2-story three-by-three-bay front-gabled clapboard-sided building. It was used as town hall and library until 1961 when the town offices moved to new quarters. The library remained until 2003 and it is now used as a local history museum.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 St. Albans Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Depot also known as St. Albans Depot is a historic railroad depot located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1906 by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. It has a 1 1/2 story central block with one story wings and a hipped roof. It originally had a square watch tower. The frame building is clad in clapboard siding.
 The McFarland Carillon sometimes referred to as the McFarland Bell Tower or McFarland Memorial Bell Tower is a 185-foot bell tower located on the South Quad of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The tower was approved by the University's trustees in 2005 and built in 2008-2009. It was designed by Fred Guyton of Peckham Guyton Albers & Viets. The carillon has 49 bells which can be controlled by a computer with 500 pre-programmed songs or can be played directly with a keyboard.
 Robert Jenison House built in 1738 is a historic house in Natick Massachusetts. It is listed in state historical records at 470 Winter Street but is now at 1 Frost Road.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Jaya Shopping Centre is a well-known landmark in Section 14 Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia.
 The Shinjuku NS Building (新宿NSビル Shinjuku Enu Esu Biru) is a skyscraper located in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. Construction of the 134 meters 30-story skyscraper was completed in 1982.Though it's not one of Tokyo's tallest buildings the Shinjuku NS building keeps pace by incorporating several outstanding features. The easiest to see is the exterior elevator shaft which is covered in glass allowing visitors to see out and the world to see in.
 Burg Grünfels is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Grosvenor House is a hotel in the Mayfair area of London. The hotel is owned by the Sahara Group. and the name has also been licensed to a property in Dubai.The Grosvenor House Hotel was built in the 1920s and opened in 1929 on the site of Grosvenor House the former London residence of the Dukes of Westminster whose family name is Grosvenor. The hotel owed its existence to Albert Octavius Edwards who conceived and built it then presided over it as chairman for 10 years.
 The Bulloch County Courthouse is a historic courthouse that is located in downtown Statesboro Georgia. It was built in 1894 to house the county government. On September 18 1980 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Stoke Rochford Hall is a large house built in scenic grounds with a nearby golf course next to the A1 in south Lincolnshire England.
 The David Rinehart Anthony House also known as the Wynne House was a historic vernacular Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama. The house is a two-story wood framed building on a brick foundation four octagonal columns span the front portico. It was built in 1860 by David Rinehart Anthony. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Deer Park Monastery (Vietnamese: Tu Viện Lộc Uyển) is a 400-acre (1.6 km2) Buddhist sanctuary in Escondido California. It was founded in July 2000 by monastic and lay practitioners from Plum Village France.The monastery is under the direct guidance of Thich Nhat Hanh and his Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition.
 Old Main is an academic building on the campus of Wayne State University. It is located at 4841 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan on Wayne's main campus.
 Wolverhampton Art Gallery is located in the City of Wolverhampton in the West Midlands United Kingdom. The building was funded and constructed by local contractor Philip Horsman (1825–1890) and built on land provided by the Council. It opened in May 1884.
 All Saints Church officially All Saints with Holy Trinity is the Church of England parish church of the town of Loughborough Leicestershire within the Diocese of Leicester.
 Hoshizuka Keiaien Sanatorium (National Sanatorium Hoshizuka Keiaien) is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients in Kanoya-shi kagoshima-ken Japan which was established in 1935.
 Isaac Harmon Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse located near Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story four bay single pile wood frame dwelling clad in clapboard. It has a gable roof pierced by interior end brick chimneys. It was one of the first properties in the Indian River community to be owned by an Indian family.
 The People's Federal Savings and Loan Association in Sidney is an early-modern building in western Ohio designed by Chicago architect Louis Sullivan the mentor of Frank Lloyd Wright. It was designed and built in 1917 for use by Peoples Federal Savings and Loan Association which still operates out of it. It is one of a handful of banks designed by Sullivan between 1908 and 1919 for small communities in the central United States.
 The Bozeman National Fish Hatchery now known as Bozeman Fish Technology Center is located about 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Bozeman Montana at the entrance to Bridger Canyon. There is also a National Fish Health Center on the southwest side of Bozeman near Montana State University about 7 miles (11 km) away from the Fish Technology Center. Fish Technology Centers work with a wide variety of public and private partners to improve and conserve aquatic resources.
 The Solomon Arter House is a historic two-story three-bay log home in Union Mills Carroll County Maryland United States. It was built in about 1810 by Solomon Arter a member of the Arter family that was prominent in the Pennsylvania German culture of this region. The structure is representative of Pennsylvania German domestic architecture in Carroll County and is significant for the preservation of its interior stenciling.
 The Mausoleum of Omar Khayyam is the tomb of Omar Khayyám located in Nishapur where Omar Khayyám was born and buried and where his mausoleum today remains a masterpiece of Iranian architecture visited by many people every year. It was completed in 1963.
 The World Golf Hall of Fame is located at World Golf Village near St. Augustine Florida in the United States and it is unusual among sports halls of fame in that a single site honors both men and women. It is supported by a consortium of 26 golf organizations from all over the world.The Hall of Fame Museum Building is designed by the museum architecture specialist firm of E. Verner Johnson and Associates of Boston Massachusetts.
 Simon Cameron House also known as John Harris Mansion and the Harris Cameron Mansion is a site in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The structure is one of the oldest buildings in Harrisburg and has undergone numerous additions and significant renovations since it was first constructed in 1766. The house and family items were donated to the Historical Society of Dauphin County in 1941 and is open for tours from April through December.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 The Congregational Church is the Congregational church in Penge in the London Borough of Bromley located on Penge High Street between Sainsburys and Kenilworth Road. It was built 1912 to designs by P. Morley Horder with passage aisles and clerestory. Shafts on large excellently carved corbels. The structure appears fortress-like in its Romanesque Revival architectural style massing. Its elevated situation and tower dominate Penge High Street more so than the stone broach spire of St.
 The Philippine General Hospital (PGH) is a tertiary state-owned hospital administered and operated by the University of the Philippines Manila the University of the Philippines System's Health Sciences Center. It is the largest government hospital administered by the university and is designated as the National University Hospital. It is located at Ermita Manila in the Philippines. It is the biggest hospital in the country with a 1500-bed capacity.
 W Austin Hotel and Residences is a 37-story hotel and residential skyscraper in Austin Texas that opened in December 2010. Standing at 478 feet above the ground and 37 stories it is the fourth tallest building in Austin. It is a residential building that sits behind the Austin City Hall. It holds 251 hotel units managed by W Hotels and 159 condominiums. Earvin Magic Johnson's investment company Canyon Johnson Urban Fund II is the primary investor and he also attended the opening ceremony.
 The Church of the Holy Communion and Buildings are historic Episcopal church buildings at 656-662 Avenue of the Americas (Sixth Avenue) at West 20th Street in the Flatiron District of Manhattan New York City.The church is a New York City landmark designated in 1966 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is located within New York City's Ladies' Mile Historic District.
 The George Murray House is located in Racine Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It was built for George Murray and designed by Lucas Bradley.
 The Suspension Bridge located on Valley Drive was erected in 1895 and spans Mill Creek connecting the east and west sides of the park. Following the wishes of Volney Rogers to create fanciful park entrances Charles Fowler of the Youngstown Bridge Co. designed the structure. The Suspension Bridge is the oldest bridge in Mill Creek Park and measures 86 feet long and 32 feet wide and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Hawthorne Class Studio is a historic studio off Miller Hill Road in Provincetown Massachusetts.The studio was built in 1900 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Church of the Covenant (Euclid Avenue Presbyterian Church) is a historic church on Euclid Avenue in Cleveland Ohio's University Circle.It was built in 1911 to designs created by Cram and Ferguson architects. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Chase Tower is an office building located in El Paso Texas United States.
 Belgrade and St. David's Church is a historic Episcopal church in Creswell North Carolina.It was built in 1797 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Paul A. Dever State School also known as the Myles Standish School for the Mentally Retarded is a former state school located in Taunton Massachusetts at the former site of Camp Myles Standish. It was turned into a school for the mentally disabled in 1959. At this time the name was changed to the Paul A. Dever State School after the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1949–1953 Paul A. Dever.
 Horatio G. Foss House is an historic house at 19 Elm Street in Auburn Maine within the Main Street Historic District.The house was built in 1914 in a Colonial Revival/Federal style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Music Hall Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church in Gilbert South Carolina. It was founded in the belief that music should play a large role in the service. The congregation disbanded in 1906 and the building was used for storage.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 East High School is a public high school located in the City Park neighborhood on the east side of Denver Colorado. It is part of the Denver Public Schools System.
 For the carousel in Watch Hill Rhode Island see The Flying Horse Carousel.The Flying Horses Carousel is the oldest operating platform carousel in America. Located in the historic resort community of Oak Bluffs Massachusetts on Martha's Vineyard the carousel was apparently first located in New York City before being moved to the island in the 1880s.The carousel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 Roccabella is a condominium complex under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada located next to the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal at Mountain Street and René-Lévesque Blvd.The project consists of two 40-floor towers containing 552 condominium units.Construction began in 2013 with an expected completion date in 2016 for the first tower.
 Dunseverick Castle is situated in County Antrim Northern Ireland near the small village of Dunseverick and the Giant's Causeway. Dunseverick Castle and earthworks are Scheduled Historic Monuments in the townland of Feigh in Moyle District Council area at grid ref: C9871 4467.Dunseverick Castle and the peninsula on which it stands were given to the National Trust in 1962 by local farmer Jack McCurdy.
 The Palazzo della Consulta (built 1732-1735) is a late Baroque palace in central Rome Italy that since 1955 houses the Constitutional Court of the Italian Republic. It sits across the Piazza del Quirinale from the official residence of the President of the Italian Republic the Quirinal Palace.
 Bowling Green is a small public park in Lower Manhattan at the foot of Broadway next to the site of the original Dutch fort of New Amsterdam. Built in 1733 originally including a bowling green it is the oldest public park in New York City and is surrounded by its original 18th century fence. At its northern end is the Charging Bull sculpture. Bowling Green Fence and Park is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 West End Hills Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 1680 19th Place SW in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1959 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The National Portrait Gallery is an historic art museum located at 8th and F Streets NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. Founded in 1962 and opened to the public in 1968 it is part of the Smithsonian Institution. Its collections focus on images of famous Americans.
 Columbia Baptist Church is a historic church at 25514 Royalton Road in Columbia Center Ohio.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Olivet United Methodist Church Parsonage and School is a historic church in Riversburg Tennessee.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Japanese Church of Christ is a historic church at 268 W. 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. As of 2012 the congregation is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
 The Columbia Club is a private club located on Monument Circle in downtown Indianapolis Indiana. The current structure was built in 1925 as the club's third home on the same site.
 Market Gates is a shopping centre based in Great Yarmouth Norfolk. It was first opened in 1976.
 Bolton Parish Church is a church in Bolton East Lothian Scotland. It is part of the Church of Scotland and (along with Saltoun Parish Church) serves the parish of Bolton and Saltoun.
 Gndevank (Armenian: Գնդեվանք meaning Round cathedral) is a 10th-13th century Armenian monastery in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia along the road to Jermuk.
 St Mabyn Church is a Grade I listed late 15th-century Church of England parish church in St Mabyn Cornwall United Kingdom. The church is dedicated to Saint Mabyn or Mabena who was regarded in local tradition as one of the many children of Brychan a Welsh saint and King of Brycheiniog in the 5th century.
 The Mind Museum is an educational facility aimed at fostering the public understanding of science. It is located on a 1.2 hectare lot in the J. Y. Campos Park in Bonifacio Global City a fast-rising central business district in Makati City Philippines. The museum opens in March 2012 and a Pre-Opening Ceremony took place last Dec 15 2011. The project proponent is the Bonifacio Art Foundation Inc. (BAFI) chaired by Joselito D.
 The Toronto Normal School was a teachers college in Toronto Ontario Canada. Opened in 1847 the Normal School was located at Church and Gould streets in central Toronto and was a predecessor to the current Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. The Royal Ontario Museum the Ontario College of Art & Design and the Ontario Agricultural College all originated at the Normal School's campus officially named St.
 The Church of St. George (Macedonian: Црква „Св. Великомаченик Георгиј“ Crkva Sv. Velikomačenik Georgij; Serbian: Црква Светог Ђорђа or Crkva Svetog Đorđa) is a Macedonian Orthodox church in the village of Staro Nagoričane near Kumanovo in the Republic of Macedonia. It is noteworthy both for its architecture and its frescoes.
 The Church of St. Nicholas of Tolentine is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Fordham Road at University Avenue in the Bronx borough of New York City in the U.S. state of New York. The substantial stone twin-towered is deemed The Cathedral of the Bronx.
 Sunnyside Gardens is a community within Sunnyside a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. The area was first development in the United States patterned after the ideas of the garden city movement initiated in England in the first decades of the twentieth century by Ebenezer Howard and Raymond Unwin specifically Hampstead Garden Suburb and Letchworth Garden City.
 The Robot Building located in the Sathorn business district of Bangkok Thailand houses United Overseas Bank's Bangkok headquarters. It was designed for the Bank of Asia by Sumet Jumsai to reflect the computerization of banking; its architecture is a reaction against neoclassical and high-tech postmodern architecture. The building's features such as progressively receding walls antennas and eyes contribute to its robotic appearance and to its practical function.
 The U.S. Post Office–Federal Building (also known as the Social Security Building) is a historic site in Sarasota Florida. It is located at 111 South Orange Avenue. On March 22 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Old Hall Hotel is a hotel in Buxton Derbyshire England and is one of the oldest buildings in the town.The current building dates from the Restoration period built around and incorporating an earlier fortified tower.According to the Derbyshire Archeological Journal (1994): In the national context the survival of a building which accommodated both Mary Queen of Scots and much of the Elizabethan nobility is of considerable note.
 The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense located in Arlington County Virginia. As a symbol of the U.S. military the Pentagon is often used metonymically to refer to the U.S. Department of Defense.The Pentagon was designed by American architect George Bergstrom (1876–1955) and built by general contractor John McShain of Philadelphia. Ground was broken for construction on September 11 1941 and the building was dedicated on January 15 1943.
 Hagerstown Historic District is a national historic district at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. The district contains the downtown commercial and governmental center as well as several surrounding urban residential neighborhoods and industrial areas. It includes the original plat of Hagerstown laid out in the 1760s as well as areas of expansion that developed generally prior to or just after the turn of the 20th century.
 Breivikbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Breivikbotn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Breivikbotn. The chapel is part of the Hasvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built by the architect Rolf Harlew Jenssen in 1959. The chapel seats about 90 people.
 Alto Vista Chapel is a small Catholic chapel also known as Pilgrims Church that stands on the hills above the north shore of the sea and to the northeast of the town of Noord on the island of Aruba 27 km north of the coast of Venezuela. The church painted on the outside in stark bright yellow colour makes it a conspicuous religious monument for people to visit.
 One International Place is a modern skyscraper in the Financial District neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1987 it is Boston's fifth-tallest building standing 600 feet (183 m) tall and housing 46 floors. The building is very prominent in the city's skyline particularly when viewed from Boston Harbor. The building has three separate elements. These consist of the tower itself as well as two smaller components (27- and 19-stories).
 The Edward French House is a historic house located in The Dalles Oregon United States. Originally dating from circa 1865 it was acquired by the French family in 1892 and renovated by them in the Italianate style in circa 1900. Edward French along with his uncle Daniel and other members of the French family were prominent bankers and businessmen from early The Dalles until the 1920s.
 Halsa Church (Norwegian: Halsa kyrkje) is a parish church in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Halsanaustan. The church is part of the Halsa parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1734. The church seats about 330 people.
 Arkansas Railroad Museum is located on Port Road in Pine Bluff Arkansas at the former Cotton Belt (SSW) yard.The former SSW shops are occupied by the historic collection of railroad equipment. This museum is about an hour's drive from Little Rock AR and is one of the largest displays of historic railroad equipment in Arkansas.
 Located in the heart of St Julian’s the state-of-the-art Portomaso Business Tower has become one of Malta’s most iconic modern landmarks. At 98 metres tall it was built to the highest specifications to offer a top-quality business environment. Opened in 2001 it is spread over 23 floors and offers excellent facilities including a 24-hour reception desk and underground parking. It remains the leading business address in Malta.
 The Alabama State Capitol listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the First Confederate Capitol is the state capitol building for Alabama. It is located on Capitol Hill originally Goat Hill in Montgomery. It was declared a National Historic Landmark on December 19 1960.Alabama has had five political capitals during its history. The first was the territorial capital in St.
 The Boston Navy Yard originally called the Charlestown Navy Yard and later Boston Naval Shipyard was one of the oldest shipbuilding facilities in the United States Navy. Established in 1801 it was officially closed as an active naval installation on July 1 1974 and the 30-acre (120000 m2) property was transferred to the National Park Service to be part of Boston National Historical Park. Enough of the yard remains in operation to support the USS Constitution.
 Washington Spring Road-Woods Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. It encompasses 36 contributing buildings located in a narrow valley to the west of the hamlet. It contains residential and religious properties of architectural and historic significance dating from the 18th century to the first third of the 20th.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart (Catholic) is a Roman Catholic church in Heron Lake Minnesota United States. Built in 1921 at a cost of $150000 the church was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff of La Crosse Wisconsin. The design is Neo-Baroque with neoclassical touches. It was modeled after Central European churches and based on a basilica plan with prominent twin bell towers. It was dedicated in August 1921 in a ceremony officiated by Bishop Patrick R.
 The Toronto Eaton Centre is a shopping mall and office complex in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada named after the now-defunct Eaton's department store chain that once anchored it. In terms of the number of visitors the shopping mall is Toronto's top tourist attraction with around one million visitors per week.The Eaton Centre is bounded by Yonge Street on the east Queen Street West on the south Dundas Street West on the north and to the west by James Street and Trinity Square.
 Parkway Place is an upscale shopping mall in Huntsville Alabama that opened on October 16 2002. Parkway Place is located at the site of the older Parkway City Mall which was torn down to allow for the construction of the newer facility. The mall is located at the intersection of Memorial Parkway (U.S. 231) and Drake Avenue.
 The Dr. Adam Mosgrove House is a historic house in Urbana Ohio United States. Located along Miami Street (U.S. Route 36) on the city's western side it was built in 1833 as the home of physician Adam Mosgrove one of Urbana's first doctors.
 The Hollander Blocks are a pair of historic apartment houses at 56-58 Walnut Street and 4-6 Pleasant Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The two adjacent buildings were constructed in the early 1890s by Clarence T. Hollander on land that had been subdivided in the 1870s and purchased by his father as an investment.
 The St. Paul's Chapel is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Lake Oscawana Putnam County New York. The parish was established as a mission of St. Patrick's in Yorktown Heights Westchester. It was transferred to St. Columbanus in Cortlandt Manor in 1950 and closed in 1966.
 The Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene (canonically known as Saint John the Baptist Parish and colloquially known as Quiapo Church) is a prominent Roman Catholic Latin-rite basilica located in the District of Quiapo in the City of Manila Philippines. The basilica is famous home for the shrine of the Black Nazarene a dark statue of Jesus Christ many faithfully claim to be miraculous. The parish is under the Archdiocese of Manila and its current rector is Rev. Msgr. Jose Clemente Ignacio.
 First Baptist Church of Grand Blanc is a historic church at 6101 S. Saginaw Street in Grand Blanc Michigan.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Sperry Chalet is located about seven miles east of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The chalet was built in 1914 by the Great Northern Railway and is a National Historic Landmark contributing property being one of five structures in the Great Northern Railway Buildings National Historic Landmark.
 The Newark Legal Center also known as One Riverfront Center is an office building in Newark New Jersey located along the banks of the Passaic River and connected by a skywalk over Raymond Boulevard to Gateway Center and Penn Station.
 The William H. Van Epps House is a historic house in Dixon Illinois. It is an example of Italianate architecture. and was constructed around 1855. The Van Epps House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club is one of the oldest yacht clubs in the Western Hemisphere located in Oyster Bay New York with access to Long Island Sound.
 Ruine Neu-Leonroth is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Spanish Town Hospital is a hospital in Spanish Town Jamaica. It is located near the city center close to the police station.
 County Bridge No. 148 is a historic stone arch bridge located in Westtown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans a branch of Chester Creek. It has a single span measuring 36 feet long. The bridge was constructed in 1911 of coursed roughly square stone in a camelback shape.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tanglewood is a historic house on the western side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. Built in 1850 it features a combination of the Greek Revival and Italianate styles of architecture and it is one of the best preserved examples of the rare monitor style of residential design.A Catholic clergyman John McClean arranged for the house to be built; however he sold it to Richard Douglas a local lawyer before construction was complete.
 Chilton House is a historic home located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1857 and is a T-shaped brick dwelling in the Gothic Revival style. The roof structure has a total of seven gables three in the head and four in the leg of its T shape. In 1975 the house was moved approximately 200 yards to its new location and set on a cinder block and sandstone foundation.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at 124 N Mulanix Street in Kirksville Missouri. Displaying an eclectic style it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in January 2008. The church building is the second-oldest in Kirksville to be in continuous use by a congregation.
 The Unity Buildings in Liverpool England consist of the 86 m (282 ft) tall Unity Residential and 64 m (210 ft) Unity Commercial. They are respectively 27 and 16 storeys tall and the city's eighth and thirteenth tallest buildings (although typically speaking the towers are one entity as they are both connected to one another). The buildings are located immediately within Liverpool city centre on Chapel Street and were completed in 2007.
 The Alvin Clark was a schooner which was constructed in 1847 and sank in Green Bay in 1864. It was salvaged in 1969 and moored in Menominee Michigan at the Mystery Ship Seaport located in the Menominee River at the foot of Sixth Avenue. The ship was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1972 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity is an historic Episcopal church in Middletown Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 14 1979 together with its nearby former rectory also known as the Bishop Acheson House.
 St. Mary Aldermanbury was a church in the City of London first mentioned in 1181 and destroyed by the Great Fire of London in 1666. Rebuilt in Portland stone by Christopher Wren it was again gutted by the Blitz in 1940 leaving only the walls standing. In 1966 these stones were transported to Fulton Missouri by the residents of that town and rebuilt in the grounds of Westminster College as a memorial to Winston Churchill.
 All Hallows Honey Lane was parish church in the City of London England. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt; the site became part of Honey Lane Market which was in turn cleared to make way for the City of London School in the 19th century.
 The Old Cemetery also known as the Milk Row Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Somerville Avenue and School Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Established in 1804 on land donated by Samuel Tufts it is the city's oldest cemetery. The cemetery was established when Somerville was still a part of Charlestown and many Somerville residents used that city's Phipps Street Burying Ground and later the Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge instead of this one.
 Red Hill Farm is a historic home located near Pedlar Mills Amherst County Virginia. The main house was built about 1824-1825 and is a 2 1/2-story Federal style brick dwelling. It has a double-pile central-hall plan. It measures 55 feet by 42 feet and has a slate covered hipped roof.
 Trinity Church was a Presbyterian church located on School Street in Barrow-in-Furness England. The church building was built in 1875 to accommodate the town's large Scottish Presbyterian congregation which had been meeting in the Welsh Chapel for ten years. It closed around 100 years later in 1971 after the union of various other congregations (including St. Andrews Presbyterian Church and the English Presbyterians).
 The Medina Armory is located on Pearl Street in Medina New York United States. It is a large stone building constructed at the beginning of the 20th century.State architect George Heins designed it for what was at the time the 29th Separate Company of the New York Army National Guard. It was his first armory for the state. The 29th was later absorbed into other New York-based Guard and Reserve units. After closing in 1977 it is now the local YMCA.
 The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children is a children's hospital located within the grounds of the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton in the English county of East Sussex. It provides outpatient services inpatient facilities intensive care and a 24-hour emergency care service for children referred by GPs and other specialists.The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Sick Children originally stood on Dyke Road in the Montpelier area of Brighton.
 The Henry H. Smith/J.H. Murphy House is located east of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties as the Octagon House in 1997.
 The Uri B. Curtis House/Tasker L. Oddie House on Ellis St. in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1902 and later enlarged. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was deemed significant for association with Tasker Lowndes Oddie who was a lawyer and businessman and politician eventually serving as governor of Nevada.The house was partly built in the form of a pair of simple cabins by Uri B. Curtis and was sold to Oddie in about 1904.
 The St Mary Matfelon church popularly known as St Mary's Whitechapel was an Anglican church in Whitechapel London. It was situated on Whitechapel Road.
 RiverTown Crossings is a two-story shopping mall in Grandville Michigan . Opened in 1999 the mall was developed by General Growth Properties of Chicago Illinois. It opened with five anchors: Sears Hudson's (then Marshall Field's now Macy's) Kohl's Younkers and JCPenney. Barnes & Noble was also featured as a junior anchor. Galyan's (now Dick's Sporting Goods) and Old Navy opened a few months later.
 Hamlin Garland House is a site associated with the life of author Hamlin Garland in West Salem Wisconsin United States. The street it is on was renamed in honor of the author.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 Toddsbury is a historic home located on the banks of the North River in Gloucester County Virginia. The house was built around 1669 by Thomas Todd and inhabited by his descendants until 1880. The house continues to be a private residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 The Oregon Electric Station is a restaurant in Eugene Oregon United States. It was originally built in 1914 as a station for the Oregon Electric Railway and was designed by A. E. Doyle.Passenger service by the Oregon Electric Railway was discontinued in 1933 and the station was used as an office and for storage.In 1961 the station became a branch of the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) the Southwest Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (SWOMSI).
 The Dr. Leonard Hall House was a private resident located at 334 West Main Street (M-34) in Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on April 4 1978 and later added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 2 1978.The house was a 1½ story Gothic Revival structure constructed in 1847. The house was constructed by wealthy physician Dr. Leonard Hall who was one of the earliest pioneers in Hudson.
 Mulrien House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1862 and is a 1 1⁄2-story Gothic Revival–style dwelling with a steeply pitched slate-covered cross gable roof. It features curved and cut-out bargeboard with ornamentation and a small balcony over the front door.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Norfolk Regional Center is a psychiatric hospital located in Norfolk Nebraska. It is one of three regional centers operated by the Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services.The Norfolk center commenced operations in 1888 as the State Hospital for the Insane. At its peak it housed over 1300 patients. It currently functions as a 120-bed facility for the initial treatment of sex offenders.
 Clark Mansion also known as Holly Rood or the Gov. James A. Clark Mansion is one of the most historic homes in Clark County Kentucky.Construction began in 1813 for James Clark who was 12th governor of Kentucky and was finished in 1814. It was built specifically for James and his wife who named it after her father. Clark Mansion is historically significant for its Georgian architecture. It is a single building on less than 1-acre (4000 m2) of land.
 The E. A. and Ura Wharton House in Manhattan Kansas was built in 1897 for Edward Augustus and Ura Burgoyne (Higinbotham) Wharton and added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1995.The first story of the home is built of native limestone from a quarry owned by William and Edward Ulrich. Wharton moved to Manhattan from Pennsylvania in 1880; his wife was a native of Manhattan. He opened the New Dry Goods Store on April 1 1887 and operated the business until he sold it in 1909.
 Tower at 1301 Gervais is a high-rise building in Columbia South Carolina and the tallest building in the city not located along the Main Street corridor. Built in 1973 the tower has dark glazing with anodized aluminum columns to give it a dark uniform-colored appearance. The top floor of the tower holds a private club with views of the city. It was originally constructed for Bankers Trust as their headquarters.
 Basch & Fisher Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1880 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular brick building four bays wide and five bays deep with a front gable roof. It sits on a stone foundation covered in stucco or brick.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Fox–Worswick House at 119 E. Bullion St. in Hailey Idaho is a historic house also known as the E. A. Worswick Home whose original structure was a log cabin built in 1881 when Hailey was founded. The property was bought for $25 by Dr. C. B. Fox from John Hailey; it was sold six times before 1919. The log cabin has since been expanded but an interior log wall remains.
 The International Temple formerly the Perry Belmont House is the world headquarters of the General Grand Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star one of several organizations affiliated with Freemasonry. The building is located at 1618 New Hampshire Avenue Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.The International Temple was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1973.
 Borrowash Methodist Church is in Borrowash. Derbyshire.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Sighetu Silvaniei) is a church in Sighetu Silvaniei Romania built in the 1632 in Sălăjeni Sălaj.
 Wayne Hotel formerly known as The Waynewood is a historic hotel located at Wayne Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906 and is a five-story Tudor Revival building with a two-story rear extension. It is built of brick and stucco with false Half Timbering. It features a one-story wraparound porch with a semi-circular dining projection and two projecting bay windows extending from the second to fourth floors.Local entrepreneur Stephen W.
 Cayan Tower known as Infinity Tower prior to its inauguration is a 306 metres (1004 ft) 80 story skyscraper in Dubai United Arab Emirates by Cayan Real Estate Investment and Development. The tower is designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill SOM architectural group the same group who did the concept design for the Burj Khalifa also in Dubai and Trump Tower in Chicago. Upon its opening on 10 June 2013 the tower has become world's tallest high rise building with a twist of 90 degrees.
 The Bowles House in Westminster Colorado is an Italianate house built in 1871. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The house is owned and operated as a historic house museum by the Westminster Historical Society. It is open for tours on Saturdays.
 St. Mary's Hospital is a non-profit acute care hospital offering a broad range of health care services and community outreach programs. The hospital is located in Passaic New Jersey on 350 Boulevard between Oak Street and Crescent Avenue. St. Mary’s Hospital is a Center of Excellence for Cardiology Oncology Outpatient Behavioral Health and Maternal-Child Health Services. It has 287 licensed beds over 550 physicians and is one of the largest employers in the city of Passaic. St.
 St. Augustine Catholic Church Complex is a historic church at 1839 Euclid Avenue in Covington Kentucky.The history of the St. Augustine parish begins with the immigration of Germans to the Northern Kentucky area in the 1840's and cresting in the 1890's. The German influx of immigrants to the area was attributable to economic hardship religious persecution and the harsh treatment by the Prussian government.
 The Detroit Statler Hotel (also known as the Detroit Hilton Hotel) was a building located at 1539 Washington Boulevard across from Grand Circus Park between the David Whitney Building and the Hotel Tuller in Downtown Detroit Michigan. In addition to Washington Boulevard the hotel also fronted Bagley Street and Park Avenue.
 The Sheridan Inn is a historic hotel in Sheridan Wyoming. Designed by the architect Thomas R. Kimball of Omaha Nebraska in 1893 it was constructed by the Chicago Quincy and Burlington Railroad as part of its development program in Wyoming associated with extension of the railway. Equipped with the first bathtubs and electric lights in that part of Wyoming the inn was considered the finest hotel between Chicago and San Francisco.
 The Bocom Financial Towers (Chinese: 交银金融大厦) are two conjoined skyscrapers which reach 265 metres (869 feet) in height. They are located in the Pudong District of Shanghai China and are split into the North and South Towers. Both towers were designed by ABB Architekten. The North tower is the 64th tallest existing building in the world when measured up to the highest architectural point.An atrium connects the two towers together and reaches a height of 163.4 metres.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary commonly known as Holy Rosary Cathedral is a late 19th-century French Gothic revival church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vancouver. It is located in the downtown area of the city at the intersection of Richards and Dunsmuir streets.The construction of the cathedral began in 1899 on the site of an earlier church by the same name.
 Appleton Wire Works was a paper manufacturing facility in Appleton Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 for its industrial significance. The company was the largest wire-weaving company in the United States before it was sold in 1968. The building now houses an apartment complex.
 The Soldier Creek Kilns near Stockton Utah date from 1860. Also known as the Waterman Coking Ovens they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980. The listing included 14 contributing structures over 30 acres (12 ha).The site includes four smelting kilns which document smelting technology brought from California and from the eastern U.S.
 The Amsterdam Museum until 2011 called the Amsterdams Historisch Museum is a museum about the history of Amsterdam. Since 1975 it is located in the old city orphanage between Kalverstraat and Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal.
 The Sándor Palace (Alexander Palace Hungarian: Sándorpalota) in Budapest Hungary is the official residence of the President of Hungary and the seat of the Office of the President both since January 22 2003. Sándor Palace is the 37th biggest palace in present-day Hungary.The palace is situated at Szent György tér 1-2 in Buda immediately north of the Buda Castle complex which was the former residence of the kings and governors of Hungary.
 The Larkin House located at 464 Calle Principal Monterey California was built in 1835 by Thomas O. Larkin. It is claimed that the house was the first two-story house in all of California and that it was the first house with a fireplace in Monterey. The design combined Spanish Colonial building methods with New England architectural features and originated the popular Monterey Colonial style of architecture. The Larkin House is both a National and a California Historical Landmark.
 All Saints Church is a parish church in Hollingbourne Kent. It was begun in the 14th century and is a Grade I listed building. The church contains numerous monuments to the local Culpeper family.
 Château du Hamel is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Ingress Abbey is a Jacobean style country house in the hamlet of Greenhithe England United Kingdom and was the seat of the Viscount Duncannon.Ingress Abbey was one of the filming locations for the The Missing Prime Minister episode on ITV television drama Agatha Christie's Poirot.
 Okehocking Historic District also known as the Okehocking Indian Land Grant Historic District is a national historic district located in Willistown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 69 contributing buildings 5 contributing sites 2 contributing structures and 1 contributing object in a rural area near Media. A majority of the buildings were built before 1845.
 The Sea Cliff Firehouse is located in Sea Cliff New York. The firehouse was built in 1931 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 18 2003.
 The Pantheon (/ˈpænθiən/ or US /ˈpænθiɒn/;Latin: Pantheon [pantʰewn]from Greek: Πάνθεον [ἱερόν] an adjective understood as [temple consecrated] to all gods) is a building in Rome Italy commissioned by Marcus Agrippa during the reign of Augustus (27 BC - 14 AD) as a temple to all the gods of ancient Rome and rebuilt by the emperor Hadrian about 126 AD.The building is circular with a portico of large granite Corinthian columns (eight in the first rank and two groups of four behind) under a pediment. 
 The First Presbyterian Church of Wapakoneta is a historic former church building in downtown Wapakoneta Ohio United States. A small brick building located along Main Street west of the Auglaize County Courthouse it is the oldest Protestant church building in Auglaize County and the oldest church building of any faith in the city of Wapakoneta.
 Distin Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1920 and is a two story L shaped wood frame single-family dwelling with Colonial Revival style details. It has a hipped roof with a clipped gable and dormers. It features a cure porch measuring 8 feet by 10 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Old Congregational Church is an historic church building on Greenville Road or Rhode Island Route 116 in the Smithville-North Scituate historic district of Scituate Rhode Island. Built in 1834 the building is no longer a functional church. The pews face the front door of the church presumably to embarrass latecomers. In 1974 the National Register of Historic Places added the building as #74000002.
 Reading-Halls Station Bridge is a historic pony Howe truss railroad bridge located at Muncy Township Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1846 by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad and is a single-span bridge measuring approximately 70 feet (21 m) long. It is the oldest bridge of its type still in operation in Pennsylvania.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Chapel of the Good Shepherd also known as the Episcopal House or the Chapel in the Woods is an historic Carpenter Gothic house of worship located on Clark Avenue on the grounds of the Chautauqua Institution in Chautauqua New York USA. Its dedication on July 2 1894 was reported in the New York Times the next day.The Chapel of the Good Shepherd is a contributing property in the Chautauqua Institution Historic District.
 The Panorama Tower is a planned condominium skyscraper in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami Florida. It was originally approved by the City of Miami and the Federal Aviation Administration in 2006 but was put on hold due to the Great Recession. The project was revived in 2012 when owner Tibor Hollo announced plans to begin construction of the tower as an all-condominium skyscraper with a height of 849 feet (259 m) with 724 units. This would make it the tallest building in Miami.
 The remains of the Château de Bar-sur-Seine are the ruins of a medieval French fortified castle destroyed in the 16th century. The site is in the town of Bar-sur-Seine in the Aube département.The historic importance of the castle was due to its position on the frontier between Champagne (a vassal County of the King of France) and the Burgundy (a Duchy allied with the English) during the Hundred Years War. At the time the Château de Bar sur Seine was considered the most important in Burgundy.
 New Hope Primitive Baptist Church (also known as New Hope Church) is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Richmond Missouri.The Greek Revival style building was constructed in 1897 and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Rudolph V. Kuser Estate is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1979.
 The Glasgow Royal Infirmary (GRI) is a large teaching hospital operated by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde With a capacity of around 1000 beds the hospital campus covers an area of around 20 acres situated on the north-eastern edge of the city centre of Glasgow Scotland.
 The Huntsville Depot located on the Norfolk Southern Railway line in downtown Huntsville is the oldest surviving railroad depot in Alabama and one of the oldest in the United States. Completed in 1860 the depot served as eastern division headquarters for the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.
 Lebanon Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Lebanon Presbyterian Church Road in Utica Mississippi.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register in 1999.Member of the Presbyterian Church in America.
 St. Paul Historic District is a national historic district located at St. Paul Wise County Virginia. It contains 23 contributing buildings and 2 contributing structures in the central business district of St. Paul. Most contributing resources consist of commercial buildings dating from the 1920s to 1950s. Notable buildings include the Ennis House (1887) Hillman/Ennis House (c. 1890) the old St. Paul Hotel (1901) National Bank building (c. 1900) Gaiety Movie Theater (1920s) The Lyric (c.
 Zafferano is an Italian restaurant located in London and was originally run by Giorgio Locatelli on behalf of A-Z Restaurants until 2005. The restaurant was awarded one Michelin star in 1999 which it held until this star was stripped from it 2012.
 St. Peter's Cathedral Belfast. (Irish: Ard Eaglais Naomh Peadar) is the Roman Catholic cathedral church for the diocese of Down and Connor and is therefore the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Down and Connor. It is located in the Divis Street area of the Falls Road in Belfast Northern Ireland and dates from the 1860s. It is home to St Peter's Schola Cantorum (Choir).
 US Post Office-Hudson Falls is a historic post office building located at Hudson Falls in Washington County New York. It was designed and built 1935-1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is a one hand one half story five bay steel frame building clad in red brick.
 The Edward Edinger House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Church of St. Mary the Virgin Clumber Park is an Anglican church in Clumber Park Nottinghamshire England.The church is Grade I listed by English Heritage as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 St Margaret of Scotland — also known as St Margaret's Gallowgate — is a Scottish Episcopal Church in Aberdeen Scotland.
 Goose Creek Correctional Center is an Alaska Department of Corrections state medium-security prison for men located at the corner of Port Access Road and Alsop Road in Point MacKenzie Alaska in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley.The 435000-square foot $240 million facility has been controversial for its cost. Construction started in July 2009.
 St. Paul's Cathedral in Syracuse New York was designed by Henry Dudley who worked with Frank Wills until Wills' early death in 1857.It is located at 310 Montgomery Street in downtown Syracuse.
 This article is about an establishment in Alabama. For the Convent and Academy of the Visitation located in Washington D.C. see Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School.The Convent and Academy of the Visitation properly known today as the Visitation Monastery is a historic complex of Roman Catholic religious buildings and a small cemetery in Mobile Alabama United States. The buildings and grounds were documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1937.
 Causeway Point (Chinese: 长堤坊) is the seventh largest suburban shopping mall in Singapore located in the town centre of Woodlands a town in the north of Singapore. Located beside the Woodlands MRT station and the underground Woodlands Regional Bus Interchange it has 250 retail outlets spread over seven floors and two basement levels.Among all the shopping malls in Singapore this one is the closest to Malaysia.
 313@somerset is a shopping mall in Somerset (part of Orchard Road) Singapore. Offering the very best in mid-level fashion offerings it features 8 levels of retail and food outlets and caters to the youthful and trendy fashionista. This leading fashion mall spans a variety of leading global and local brands like Zara Uniqlo Forever 21 New Look Cotton On and Esprit. It is complemented by lifestyle and anchor retailers Royal Sporting House Smiggle and MUJI.
 St. Paul's Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church at Crownsville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a small board-and-batten frame church composed of a simple rectangular nave a small entrance porch a small deep chancel and two very small utility sections added to the sides of the chancel. There is a small cemetery on the property dating from the 1860s.
 The Lander County High School at 130 Sixth St. in Austin Nevada is a two-story concrete and brick school building built in 1926 with a connected matching gymnasium that was built in 1928. It was designed by Reno Nevada architects George A. Ferris and Son. It was built originally as a K-12 combined school built from proceeds of a $55000 bond. It has since also been known as Austin High School and in 1999 as Austin Elementary School.
 Hillhouse Avenue described according to tradition by both Charles Dickens and Mark Twain as the most beautiful street in America is in New Haven Connecticut and is home to many nineteenth century mansions including the president's house at Yale University. Much of the avenue is included in the Hillhouse Avenue Historic District which extends to include houses on adjacent streets.
 Shaw Centrepoint is a shopping complex located in Klang Selangor. Its main tenant is The Store. Shaw Centrepoint is located adjacent to Klang City Square Klang Mid Valley and in the proximity of the Klang River. Shaw Centrepoint has a gross built-up area of over 600000 square feet (56000 m2).
 Army Theatre also known as Trailside Museum or NeHBS #DW07-147 is a building in the Fort Robinson and Red Cloud Agency historic district.During some period Fort Robinson included an opera house or operas were staged in one of its buildings perhaps the Army Theatre.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Syracuse City Hall is the city hall of Syracuse New York. Unusually for civic buildings in the United States it was constructed from 1889 to 1893 in the Romanesque Revival architectural style. The bid accepted for the construction was for $238750.00 from Hughes Brothers of Syracuse.
 The Adairs Covered Bridge also known as Cisna Mill Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Southwest Madison Township near Blain in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 150-foot-long (46 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1864 and rebuilt in 1919. It crosses Sherman Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary Truro is an Anglican cathedral located in the city of Truro Cornwall in the United Kingdom. It was built in the Gothic Revival architectural style fashionable during much of the nineteenth century and is one of only three cathedrals in the United Kingdom with three spires.
 There were two stations that served the once-busy town of Haines Falls New York. One was owned by the Ulster and Delaware Railroad and the other was owned by the Catskill and Tannersville Railway.
 William E. Mohler House also known as Hill Grove is a historic home located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 and is a 2 1/2-story frame rectangular dwelling with a corner tower in the Queen Anne style. It sits on a stone foundation. It has a complex roof of multiple gables with four colossal paneled brick chimneys. The upper most floor houses a ballroom. It was built by William E. Mohler president of the area's largest lumber company.
 St. Thomas's Church in Marlborough Street Dublin was a Church of Ireland parish church. It was replaced by a new church in Cathal Brugha Street Dublin in 1930.
 Gen. James Giles House is located in Bridgeton Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1791 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 8 1978.
 Hilton Alger is a hotel in Algiers Algeria operated by Hilton Hotels. The hotel contains 412 rooms including 40 deluxe suites. It is served by the Sara restaurant which serves Mediterranean cuisine the Casbah which serves traditional Algerian cuisine and Tamina which serves Mediterranean and international cuisine. The hotel also has numerous bars and lounges.
 The Church of Saint Felix of Cantalice at Centocelle (Italian: San Felice da Cantalice a Centocelle Latin: Sancti Felicis a Cantalicio ad Centumcellas Spanish: San Féliciano de Cantalicio a Centocelle) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome located in the Centocelle quarter built as a parish church by decree of Vicar General of Rome Cardinal Francesco Marchetti Selvaggiani.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church North Wheatley is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in North Wheatley.
 The Raymond Carr House is a Colonial Revival style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sarah Munroe Three-Decker (or Monroe) is a historic triple decker house at 11 Rodney Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1892 and was noted for its Queen Anne styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Many of these details including porch details and bracketed eaves have subsequently been lost (see photo).
 St. Peter and St. Paul Church (Latvian: Svētā Pētera un Pāvila pareizticīgo baznīca) is an Orthodox church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 12 Citadeles Street.Church building in 1785 and renamed Koncertzal Ave Sol and used as a concert hall.
 Beitstad Church (Norwegian: Beitstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Beitstad. The church is part of the Beitstad parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was originally called Solberg Church. The 700-seat wooden church building was constructed in 1869 and renovated in 1932.
 The Masonic Temple in downtown Casper Wyoming is a Masonic hall built in 1914 during a boom time initiated by the development of the Salt Creek Oil Field. Located on a corner site the temple remains essentially as it was designed by Casper architect Homer F. Shaffer. The four story light-colored brick building rests on a raised basement and is topped by a crenelated parapet. The original windows have been replaced with vinyl units but retain the one-over-one appearance of the originals.
 Schoonover Mountain House also known as Schoonover Farm is a historic home located in Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Middle Smithfield Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1850-1860 and enlarged at least three times by 1900. It is a large rambling two-story L-shaped frame banked dwelling. It is five bays wide has a slate covered gable roof and features a one-story wraparound porch.
 Jackson-Aitken Farm is a historic farm house dairy barn and farm fields located at Andes in Delaware County New York United States. The farmhouse was built about 1850 and is a one and one half wood frame structure in a vernacular Greek Revival style. The barn is a large three story wooden building with a cross gabled banked entrance built in 1896. It features a distinctive cupola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 St. Michael and All Angels Church in Bassett Southampton is an Anglican parish church which dates from the late 19th century.
 Abigail Vare School is a historic school building located in the Pennsport neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903-1904 and is a three-story square stone building in the Classical Revival-style. It features a central projecting pediment with Ionic order columns and decorative Palladian window an oversized molded cornice and a hipped and gable roof with decorative brackets.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church in the village of Roydon in Essex England.
 The Seward Community Cafe is a collectively-run cooperative restaurant in the Seward neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota notable for being the oldest worker-run restaurant in the United States. Since its founding the cafe has been owned and managed by a worker-owner collective of about 10-16 people all of whom start at the same wage and are given the option of becoming a co-owner within six months of starting work.
 The Olivenhain Town Meeting Hall is a community meeting house located at 423 Rancho Santa Fe Rd. in Olivenhain California. The wood frame building was constructed from 1894 to 1895 by the settlers of Olivenhaim. The residents of Olivenhaim used the building for nearly all community functions including political meetings agricultural discussions weddings and community dances.
 The American Fork Third Ward Meetinghouse is a historic Gothic Revival building with Jacobethan Revival decorative elements located on West 300 North in American Fork Utah. Built from 1903 to 1905 it operated as a Mormon meetinghouse until 1994. It was expanded with the addition of wings in 1938 and in 1958. The building was sold to the Briar Rose Preschool in 1994 and remodeled for use as a school. In 1991 the building was sold to the Chapel Hill Academy.
 Shah Alam Royale Theatre is the latest landmark in the city centre of Shah Alam. It is located at Jalan Persidangan in section 14 just behind the Grand Blue Wave hotel. This theatre provides an alternative venue for local theatre productions besides the MBSA (Shah Alam City Council) auditorium and Petaling Jaya Civic Centre. The theatre is aimed to function as the centre of cultural and performing arts and tourist attraction for Selangor especially Shah Alam.
 The Willard InterContinental Washington is a historic luxury Beaux-Arts hotel located at 1401 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington D.C. Among its facilities are numerous luxurious guest rooms several restaurants the famed Round Robin Bar the Peacock Alley series of luxury shops and voluminous function rooms. It is two blocks east of the White House and two blocks south of the Metro Center station of the Washington Metro.
 Scotia Centre is a commercial complex and small shopping mall in downtown Saskatoon Saskatchewan owned by the Dundee Realty Management Group.
 Bailey Farm is an historic farm at 373 Wyatt Road in Middletown Rhode Island.Bailey farm was built in the early nineteenth century as an excellent example of Greek Revival architecture. The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 1111 Third Avenue is a 454 ft (138 m) tall skyscraper in Seattle Washington. It was completed in 1980 and has 34 floors. As of 2012 it is the 20th tallest building in Seattle and is operated by Talon Portfolio Services LLC. It has an award-winning outdoor landscaped area with seating and tables accented by bronze statues by sculptor Robert Graham and floor to ceiling windows.
 Portland City Hall is the headquarters of city government of Portland Oregon United States. The four-story Italian Renaissance-style building houses the offices of the City Council which consists of the mayor and four commissioners and several other offices. City Hall is also home to the City Council chambers located in the rotunda on the east side of the structure. Completed in 1895 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1974.
 Christ Church is located in Woking England. The church is in the Diocese of Guildford.
 Freeman Estate also known as Park Hill Farm is a historic home located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. The estate house was built between 1912 and 1914 and is a 2 1/2 story masonry American Craftsman-style dwelling. It measures 11000-square-foot (1000 m2) and has a red clay-tile roof. It features a front porch floored with red quarry tile that extends approximately 80 feet (24 m) across the entire front of the home and wraps around its left side.
 Château de Castillon is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It is built in the Louis XIII 18th century style.
 Whitehall Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Haverford in Lower Merion Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1925-1926 and is a large 3 1/2-story E-shaped stucco building in the Mission Revival style. It features wrought iron balconies blue decorative tile featuring scenes of Christopher Columbus and red tile roof caps.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Ruby G. Ford was a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1891 at Fairmount Maryland. She was a 45-foot-long (14 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She had a beam of 15.6 feet (4.8 m) a depth of 2.6 feet (0.79 m) and a net tonnage of 5 register tons.
 The Church of Saint Alphonsus or Novena Church as it is more popularly known is a Catholic church in Singapore located at 300 Thomson Road. It is not a parish church and is under the care of the Redemptorists. The name Novena refers to the novena prayer devotion of which this is church particularly is famous for.
 Sally Watson House is a historic home located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect Wilson Eyre and built in 1889. It is a three-story rubble schist and shingle dwelling in the Shingle style. It has a gambrel roof and measures approximately 43-feet square.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site also known as Erie Canal National Historic Landmark is a historic district that includes the ruins of the Erie Canal aqueduct over Schoharie Creek and a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) long part of the Erie Canal in the towns of Glen and Florida within Montgomery County New York.
 The Scottish Parliament Building (Scottish Gaelic: Pàrlamaid na h-Alba Scots: Scots Pairlament Biggin) is the home of the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood within the UNESCO World Heritage Site in central Edinburgh. Construction of the building commenced in June 1999 and the Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) held their first debate in the new building on 7 September 2004. The formal opening by Queen Elizabeth took place on 9 October 2004.
 Plaza del Norte is a regional shopping mall located Hatillo Puerto Rico. It is the largest shopping center in northwestern Puerto Rico with around 122 stores and fast food restaurants.
 Imperial Bank Tower is the 22nd tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. The 24-story skyscraper has a height of 355 ft (108 m) and is located in the Core district of Downtown San Diego and was constructed in 1982.
 The Jane Austen Centre at 40 Gay Street in Bath Somerset England is a permanent exhibition which tells the story of Jane Austen's Bath experience – the effect that visiting and living in the city had on her and her writing.
 The Alfred and Rosy Skinner House at 232 W. 800 S. in Orem Utah was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was a work of stonemason/builder John J. Hill.
 The Cathedral of San Fernando is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church located in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA. It is the mother church of the Archdiocese of San Antonio and the seat of its archbishop. The cathedral is also known as the Church of Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria y Guadalupe and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is notable as one of the oldest cathedrals in the United States.
 The Church of the Holy Cross (Finnish: Pyhän Ristin kirkko) is a medieval fieldstone church in Rauma Finland. It is located in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Old Rauma. Church stands by the small stream of Raumanjoki (Rauma river).Church of the Holy Cross was built as a monastery church by the Rauma Franciscan Friary. The exact age is unknown but historians assume it was completed in 1515–1520.
 The South Omaha Veterans Memorial Bridge (originally the South Omaha Bridge but renamed the Veterans Memorial Bridge in 1995) was a continuous warren through truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Omaha Nebraska with Council Bluffs Iowa via U.S. Highway 275.Omaha floated a $2 million bond issue for the bridge in 1931. However when the bonds did not sell the Omaha Bridge Commission was formed to secure financing from the Public Works Administration.
 Skabersjö Castle (Swedish: Skabersjö slott) is a castle in Svedala Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. The castle is located just 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south-east of central Malmö.
 The Montopolis Bridge is a historic Parker through truss bridge in Austin Texas. It is located in the neighborhood of Montopolis where the southbound frontage road of U.S. Route 183 crosses the Colorado River in southeastern Travis County. The bridge was completed on February 11 1938 by Vincennes Steel Corporation under contract to the Texas Highway Department at a cost of nearly $232000.
 The Municipal Corporation Building Thrissur is the seat of the Thrissur Municipal Corporation and is situated in the middle of Thrissur city Kerala India.
 The Highlands is a massive open-air shopping dining and entertainment complex along Interstate 70 in Triadelphia West Virginia 7 miles east of the city of Wheeling. It opened in August 2004 with the only Cabela's within a 5-hour distance. It would explode in growth soon after and feature a J.C. Penney Target and Walmart as anchor tenants and over 50 shops and restaurants.
 Woodstock is a heritage-listed home in the Sydney suburb of Burwood. It was built in 1871 by Edwin Thomas Penfold and changed hands a number of times before being acquired by Burwood Council.
 House at 173 Sixteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1880 and is a 1 1⁄2-story cruciform clapboard residence with a cross-gable roof. It features a two-tiered wraparound porch and Gothic details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd in Phillipstown Christchurch New Zealand was the oldest and last surviving brick church designed by architect Benjamin Mountfort (1825–1898). It was registered as a Historic Place – Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 The Dr. Frank W. Epley Office is located in New Richmond Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Northside Historic District is a 60-acre (24 ha) national historic district located at Waterford in Saratoga County New York. The listing included 125 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure. The district dates to 1828 and includes Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture.The district is chiefly residential and characterized by large and small structures including the mansions of mill owners and modest workers' dwellings.
 Discovery Centre is an interactive science museum located in Regina Saskatchewan. It is owned and operated as a not-for-profit charitable organization. Located in a former power plant in the Wascana Centre the Saskatchewan Science Centre was officially opened in April 1989 as the Powerhouse of Discovery. In 1991 an expansion of the Science Centre brought the Kramer IMAX Theatre to the city of Regina.
 The Launch Complex 39 Press Site is a news media facility at Launch Complex 39 at the John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC) on Merritt Island Florida where journalists have observed every U.S. manned space launch since Apollo 8 in 1968.
 The Charles Denby Garrison Sr. House is a historic residence near Prichard Alabama United States. The 1 1⁄2-story house was designed by architect Kenneth R. Giddens for a local lumberman Charles Denby Garrison Sr. Completed in 1941 the design incorporates elements of the American Craftsman Colonial Revival and Classical Revival styles. The architectural landscape in the United States following World War II came to be dominated by modern styles such as the Ranch-style.
 The Parliament Building (French: Hôtel du Parlement) is an eight-floor building and home to the Parliament of Quebec (composed of the Lieutenant-Governor and the National Assembly) in Quebec City. The building was designed by architect Eugène-Étienne Taché and was built from 1877 to 1886. With the frontal tower the building stands at 52 metres or 171 feet in height.
 The Highland School also the Arthur W. Dalrymple School is a historic school building at 36 Grovers Avenue in Winthrop Massachusetts. The Georgian Revival two story brick building was built in 1920-21 to replace a nearby school that burned down in 1920. It was built on the site of the Leighton Resort a popular summer destination.
 The Bhutan Textile Museum or the National Textile Museum is a national textiles museum in Thimphu Bhutan located near the National Library of Bhutan. It is operated by the National Commission for Cultural Affairs.
 National Bank of Coatesville Building also known as the Industrial Valley Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Coatesville Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1906 and 1908 and is a four-story steel frame structure faced in buff colored brick and Indiana Limestone in an eclectic Late Victorian style. It measures 70 feet by 140 feet and is trimmed in terra cotta and Indiana limestone. It features a clock tower with rounded dome framing.
 Rajahmundry Central Prison is a prison located in Rajahmundry India.
 The Royal Cornwall Hospital formerly and still known outside of local television news as Treliske Hospital is a medium-sized teaching hospital situated in Treliske on the outskirts of Truro Cornwall England.
 The Siphnian Treasury was a building at the Ancient Greek cult centre of Delphi erected to hold the offerings of the polis or city-state of Siphnos. It was one of a number of treasuries lining the processional route through Delphi erected to win the favor of the gods and increase the prestige of the donor polis. It was one of the earlier surviving buildings of this type and its date remains a matter for debate but was probably between 530 and 480 BC.
 The building designed by Frederick Romberg is used as an educational facility by Sacred Heart Girls’ School. Positioned on the corner of Warrigal Rd and Kangaroo Rd at one of Melbourne's eastern suburbs Oakleigh. Completed in 1954 this building is a fine example of postmodern architectural style. The site was purchased from the Sacred Heart Parish (Oakleigh) in 1955 established the foundations of the girls' school which would open its doors to its 95 students in 1957.
 Ware Hall is an historic residential apartment building at 383 Harvard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. Built in 1893 this five story brick Classical Revival building is a rare example of an apartment house built in Mid Cambridge that was designed to cater to Harvard University students.
 Gjesvær Chapel (Norwegian: Gjesvær kapell) is a chapel in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Gjesvær on the western end of the island of Magerøya. The chapel is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.The white wooden chapel is privately owned and it was built in 1960. It seats about 70 people.
 St. James' Roman Catholic Church is located at 32 James Street between St. James Place and Madison Street in the Two Bridges neighborhood of Lower Manhattan New York City. It is the second oldest Roman Catholic building in the city built in 1835-37 of fieldstone with a pair of Doric columns flanking the entrance. While the Gothic Revival church is modeled on the published designs on Minard Lefever and is sometimes attributed to him there is no hard evidence of this being true.
 The Dumas Brothel (formerly the Dumas Hotel) was a famous bordello in Butte Montana in the United States. Located in the heart of uptown Butte the brothel has been proclaimed America's longest-running house of prostitution.
 The William F. Perry Monument is an historical gravestone located at Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green Kentucky. It is an oversized limestone headstone.It honors Confederate general William F. Perry of the Army of Northern Virginia who would after the war serve on the faculty of Ogden College in Bowling Green which is now Western Kentucky University.
 The Shrine of Our Lady of Sorrows is a Roman Catholic church in Starkenburg Montgomery County Missouri. It replaced an earlier 19th century log church which was retained on the site as a chapel. Both were built by a congregation of mid-19th century German immigrants and their descendants. The church was designed by Professor Becker of Mainz Germany with John Walchshauser an architect from St. Louis.
 The Nairobi Hospital is a hospital in Nairobi Kenya. It was built as a European Hospital as Kenya was then a British colony. It was later renamed The Nairobi Hospital.
 The Red and Black Cafe is a radical safer space cafe and worker-managed collective located in Portland Oregon United States. The cafe offers an all-vegan menu and provides community based events including local benefits political teach-ins and anarchist infoshop-based education. The cafe also has wireless internet fair trade organic coffee organic wines and local microbrews.
 Anderson Barn in Hitchcock South Dakota United States was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Hopper-Van Horn House is located in Mahwah Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1769 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 11 1973.
 For current information about the library see Des Moines Public Library.The Public Library of Des Moines is an historic building in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States that was built in 1903. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and became a contributing property in the Civic Center Historic District in 1988. The building ceased to be a library in 2006 and now houses the Norman E.
 The history of Baltimore City College began in 1839 when the city council of Baltimore Maryland United States passed a resolution mandating the creation of a male high school with a focus on the study of English and classical literature. The Baltimore City College was opened in the same year with 46 pupils under the direction of Nathan C. Brooks a local educator and poet. It is the third oldest high school in the nation.
 The Commodore Apartment Building also called Commodore Apartments is a luxury condominium complex located in Louisville Kentucky's Bonnycastle neighborhood. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Peters Paper Company Warehouse is located in Denver Colorado. It was built in 1899 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16 1988.
 Bethel Church is a Mennonite Brethren Church in rural Yale South Dakota a member of the Central District of the Mennonite Brethren Church. Their mission statement is Working together for growing God's family a place where integrity is honored training is valued compassion is expected and outreach is emphasized.
 The United Presbyterian Church of Shedd (also known as Valley Rose Chapel) is a historic Presbyterian church at 30045 OR 99 East in Shedd Oregon.
 Fabyan Villa was the home of George and Nelle Fabyan from c. 1908 to 1939. The house is notable because of its remodelling in 1907 by Frank Lloyd Wright. It was the centerpiece of the Fabyans country estate which they named Riverbank. The Kane County Forest Preserve District of Illinois purchased the majority of the Fabyan estate in 1939 and operated the Fabyan's home as a museum off and on beginning in 1940.
 Bridge in Westover Borough is an historic Open-spandrel arch bridge located in Westover Clearfield County Pennsylvania United States. It is a single span concrete bridge constructed in 1917.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Brightly is a historic plantation home located near Goochland Goochland County Virginia. The main dwelling was built about 1842 and is a two-story single pile central-passage-plan gable-roofed brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. The front facade features a one-story one-bay Greek Revival Doric order porch.
 The Foundling Museum in London tells the story of the Foundling Hospital Britain's first home for abandoned children. The museum houses the nationally important Foundling Hospital Art Collection as well as the Gerald Coke Handel Collection the world's greatest privately amassed collection of Handel memorabilia.
 The Basilica of St. Mary of the Altar of Heaven (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Mariae de Ara coeli in Capitolio Italian: Basilica di Santa Maria in Ara coeli al Campidoglio) is a titular basilica in Rome located on the highest summit of the Campidoglio. It is still the designated Church of the city council of Rome which uses the ancient title of Senatus Populusque Romanus. The present Cardinal Priest of the Titulus Sancta Mariae de Aracoeli is Salvatore De Giorgi.
 Bell Farm is a heritage farm built in 1882 by Major Bell on ten miles (16 km) square or 60000 acres (24000 ha) at Indian Head. The Bell Farm Barn is amongst the ten top most endangered sites by the Heritage Canada Foundation.sp The round structure consisted of a silo which could be used also as a lookout tower. The silo had a capacity of 4000 bushels of oats and 100 tons of hay. The surrounding area could house 36 horse and an office.
 The Lachlan Valley Railway is an Australian rail preservation society based in the New South Wales Central Western town of Cowra. It was established in 1974 to preserve former New South Wales Government Railways locomotives and rolling stock. The Lachlan Valley Railway established a base in the disused 1923 built former Cowra Roundhouse.
 Bennett Hill Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at New Scotland in Albany County New York. The original section of the main house was built in 1821 and is a three-by-two-bay 2 1⁄2-story dwelling. In the 1830s a large Greek Revival style 2 1⁄2-story three- by two-bay addition was completed. Contributing farm buildings include the main barn (1797) animal barn (c. 1900) wagon shed (c. 1900) fruit barn (c. 1900) smoke house (c. 1810) and tenant house (c.
 Hylan Plaza (formerly called Fox Plaza after its former anchor tenant) is an open-air shopping center in the New Dorp neighborhood of Staten Island New York City United States.
 Nut Grove also known as the William Walsh House is a historic house located on McCarty Avenue in Albany New York United States. It is a brick building originally designed in the Greek Revival architectural style by architect Alexander Jackson Davis in the mid-19th century.
 Solitude Farm is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original house was built in two sections about 1750 and in 1761. The original section is a two-story rectangular stuccoed stone structure with a kitchen wing. In 1904 Philadelphia architect Milton Bennett Medary (1874 – 1929) rehabilitated the house to add diamond paned dormer windows and a porch.
 Church of San Pedro de Plecín (Spanish: Iglesia de San Pedro de Plecín) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Ogden House is a historic home located at Swarthmore Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1736 and is a three-story stone house faced on three sides with dressed stone and one side with rubble stone. One of the dressed stone sides is coated with stucco. It has a double pitched roof and two massive stone chimneys.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Neal and Dixon’s Warehouse in Mullins Marion County South Carolina was built circa 1926 for J.S. Neal C.O. Dixon and J.H. Dixon Sr. The virtually unaltered warehouse is an typical example of traditional tobacco warehouse construction. It is also important in the history of tobacco marketing in the area. At the time of its construction Neal and Dixon’s Warehouse was said to be one of the largest and most modern warehouses in South Carolina.
 The Berlin Historic District encompasses the ghost town of Berlin Nevada. The town was established in 1897 as part of the Union Mining District after the opening of the Berlin Mine the previous year. The town never prospered to the same extent as other boom towns like Tonopah and Goldfield and declined following the Panic of 1907. The town was largely abandoned by 1911.
 Calvary Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at 1101 Howard Avenue in Utica Oneida County New York. It was built in 1870-1872 and is an asymmetrically massed cruciform plan structure with a rectangular nave and intersecting apse with a substantial engaged corner tower.It was designed by noted New York City architect Henry M. Congdon. It is currently home to the Cathedral of the Theotokos of Great Grace.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Woolen Mills Chapel is a historic chapel located at 1819 E. Market Street in Charlottesville Virginia. The Late Victorian building was constructed in 1887.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Teunis Houghtaling House also known as Vredehuis is a historic home located at Clarksville in Albany County New York. It was built in two stages: the 1 1⁄2-story main block was built about 1770 expanded to a five-bay dwelling about 1790 at which time a 1-story addition was also completed. It is constructed of hand-hewn timber framing.
 Ogbourne Priory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 The Lincoln Bank Building is a building on Hennepin Avenue in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in October 2012.Lincoln National Bank was established in 1917 by Harry Pence a local automobile magnate and a number of other backers. They had planned to name it the Second National Bank but the Treasury Department refused that name since they were not actually the second bank organized.
 The USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center is a leader in cancer research with nearly 200 members investigating the complex origins and progression of cancer developing prevention strategies and searching for cures. Located in Los Angeles California the center is part of the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California (USC) and is affiliated with USC Norris Cancer Hospital.
 Fort Concho is a National Historic Landmark owned and operated since 1935 by the city of San Angelo the seat of Tom Green County in West Texas. Situated on the North Concho River near its confluence with the South and Middle Concho rivers the site selected for Fort Concho was strategic to the stabilization of the region because of the location of no fewer than five major trails in the vicinity.
 Chateau Royale is a multi-storey residential building complex in downtown Hamilton Ontario Canada on James Street South and adjacent to the Hamilton GO Centre railway and bus station. The 14-floor building is 70 metres (230 ft) tall making it the 19th tallest building in the city. It opened in 2006 after being converted from an office tower complex.
 The Northern State Correctional Facility (NSCF) is a state prison in the city of Newport Orleans County Vermont USA. It holds up to 400 medium security male prisoners. It is the largest prison in Vermont. The Vermont Department of Corrections is responsible for running this prison.A branch of the Community High School of Vermont is located there. It is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges. It graduated 13 men in 2007.The superintendent is Carl B.
 Yankton College was a small liberal arts college in Yankton South Dakota affiliated with the Congregational Christian Churches (later the United Church of Christ).Founded in 1881 it was the first institution of higher learning in the Dakota Territory.
 Burg Clam is a castle in Upper Austria Austria.
 Knabstrup Manor is a manor house located near Holbæk on the Danish island of Zealand. It traces its history back to before 1288.
 The Beehive House is one of the two official residences of Brigham Young an early leader of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (the Mormons). The Beehive House gets its name from the Beehive sculpture atop the house. It was designed by Young's brother-in-law and architect of the Salt Lake Temple Truman O. Angell who later designed Young's other residence the Lion House.The Beehive house was constructed in 1854 two years before the Lion House.
 Mirza Ghalib Museum New Delhi is a museum on the life and times of the 18th century Urdu poet Mirza Ghalib under the aegis of the Ghalib Academy New Delhi. The museum is situated in the vicinity of the tomb of the 13th century Sufi saint Hazrat Khwaja Nizamuddin.
 The John J. Swearingen House (also known as the R.H. Langford House) is a historic home in Bartow Florida. It is located at 690 East Church Street. On May 13 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Golkonda also known as Golconda or Golla konda (shepherd's hill) a ruined fort of Southern India and capital of medieval Golconda Sultanate (c.1518–1687) is situated 11 km west of Hyderabad. It is also a mandal of Hyderabad District. The region is universally famous for the mines that have produced the world's most famous and coveted gems including The Hope Diamond Idol's Eye The Koh-i-Noor and Darya-i-Noor.
 Burg Neudenstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Florence Water Works is located along John J. Pershing Drive in the Florence neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. Home of the Minne Lusa Pumping Station the Water Works has provided water throughout the city of Omaha since 1880.
 Mott Haven Historic District is a national historic district located at Mott Haven The Bronx New York New York. The district includes 125 contributing buildings. It is primarily residential in character with four and five story row houses dating to the last half of the 19th century. Also included are two churches a library and the 40th Precinct police station.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The San Diego Museum of Man is a museum of anthropology located in Balboa Park San Diego California and housed in the historic landmark buildings of the California Quadrangle.
 The Wells Fargo Plaza is a high-rise skyscraper located on 221 North Kansas Street in Downtown El Paso Texas United States. It opened as the First National Bank Plaza on October 25 1971 and was later renamed the State National Plaza. It is 296 feet (90 m) tall. It is designed in the Brutalist style an architectural style spawned from the International Style. The tower sits on a base three stories high then rises to its full height.
 Hazardville Historic District in the Hazardville section of Enfield Connecticut dates from 1835. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The district is an irregularly shaped area that surrounds two interior areas that are not historical and are not included in the district.The four dominant buildings in the district are the school the institute the Episcopal Church and the Methodist church.
 The Drake Well Museum is a museum that interprets the birth of the American oil industry in 1859 by Colonel Edwin Drake along the banks of Oil Creek in Cherrytree Township Venango County Pennsylvania in the United States. The museum collects and preserves related artifacts. The reconstructed Drake Well demonstrates the first practical use of salt drilling techniques for the extraction of petroleum through an oil well.
 The Historic Aircraft Restoration Museum located at Creve Coeur Airport in Maryland Heights Missouri USA is a museum dedicated to restoring and preserving historical aircraft. The airplanes in the collection are all fabric-covered and most are biplanes from the inter-war years (the Golden age of flight). The museum's volunteers maintain most of these aircraft in full working order and this is one of the largest collections of flying classic aircraft in America.
 The Don S. S. Goodloe House a 1915–16 Colonial Revival style building veneered with brick is significant for its association with Don Speed Smith Goodloe the first principal of the Maryland Normal and Industrial School. The school now Bowie State University was Maryland's first postsecondary school for African Americans.
 Old Killingly High School is a historic school on 185 Broad Street in Killingly Connecticut.The school was built in 1908 and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.
 Caravaggio is an Italian restaurant located at 23 East 74th Street (between 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue) on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It is around the corner from the Whitney Museum of American Art.
 Ramsund Chapel (Norwegian: Ramsund kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Evenes. The chapel is part of the Tjeldsund parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1964 and it seats about 250 people.
 The Villa Mosconi Bertani (also known as Villa Novare) is a neoclassical manor in the Veneto region of Italy. It is located in the municipality of Negrar Località Novare Valpolicella in the province of Verona. It is only the Veronese estate since the beginning of the 18th century specifically constructed for the purpose of wine production. It consists of a residence large cellar and orchard (fifty-four acres).
 The Bowery House is an historic hotel on the Bowery in the Nolita neighborhood of New York City established by Italian race car driver Alessandro Zampedri and American real estate entrepreneur Sanford Kunkel.
 Walling Cobblestone Tavern is a historic tavern located at Sodus in Wayne County New York. The Federal style cobblestone building is a two story five bay gable roofed structure. It was built about 1834 and is constructed of irregularly shaped multi-colored field cobbles. It is now a single-family dwelling. The structure is among the approximately 170 surviving cobblestone buildings in Wayne County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Anderson Ferry is a ferry across the Ohio River between Cincinnati Ohio and Constance Kentucky. It has been in continuous operation since 1817. It was originally known as the Kottmyer ferry but was later sold to the Anderson family. The ferry was often used in the 19th century by Kentucky farmers bringing their product to market in Cincinnati. It is the lone survivor of dozens of ferries that once served the Cincinnati area.
 Hospital Damas formerly called Santo Asilo de Damas is a 150 or 151 years-old 331-bed teaching hospital in Ponce Puerto Rico.
 Pieskowa Skała (Little Dog's Rock) is a limestone cliff in the valley of river Prądnik Poland best known for its Renaissance castle. It is located within the boundaries of the Ojców National Park 27 km north of Kraków near the village of Sułoszowa. The castle was first mentioned in Latin documents of Polish king Władysław I the Elbow-high (Władysław Łokietek) before 1315 as castrum Peskenstein.
 The Bull Ring is a major commercial area of Birmingham. It has been an important feature of Birmingham since the Middle Ages when its market was first held. Two shopping centres have been built in the area; in the 1960s and then in 2003; the latter is styled as one word Bullring.The site is located on the edge of the sandstone city ridge which results in the steep gradient towards Digbeth.
 Old All Saints Church Nuneham Courtenay or Harcourt Chapel is a redundant Church of England church near the village of Nuneham Courtenay Oxfordshire England. It is a designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is southwest of the village in the grounds of Nuneham House overlooking the River Thames some 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Oxford.
 IVY Hotel + Residences which integrates the historic Ivy Tower is a 302-foot (92 m) skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was completed in summer of 2008 and has 25 floors 6 elevators and 136 hotel rooms and 70 residential units.The building integrates the historic Ivy Tower which was originally built in 1930 as the Second Church of Christ Scientist for the Church of Christ Scientist. Designed by Thomas R.
 Caffè Umbria is a coffee roaster and coffeehouse chain based in Seattle.
 Miniloft is a Berlin-based apartment hotel that features 14 spacious loft-type apartments in two adjacent buildings.
 Woodvale Historic District is a national historic district located at Broad Top Township Bedford County; Wells Township Fulton County; and Wood Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The district includes 79 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures in the coal mining community of Woodvale. The buildings date between about 1890 and 1942 and include industrial buildings institutional buildings and vernacular worker's housing.
 The Beck and R.C. Cahill Buildings [sic] was a historic commercial building on the southern side of downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1890 in a late version of the Victorian style the building was located along Main Street south of the city's central square.
 Houldsworth Working Men's Club is a club Stockport Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ895935). Designed by the famed Alfred Waterhouse and completed in the late 19th Century it is still used as a working men's club today. An important local structure it is now a Grade II* listed building.
 Greany Building is a historic commercial building located at 1270–1288 Pleasant Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1891 for Thomas Greany and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Lahontan Dam is a dam situated on the Carson River in the Carson Desert between Carson City Nevada and Fallon Nevada in the United States. Its impoundment is known as the Lahontan Reservoir or Lake Lahontan. It is currently operated by the Truckee-Carson Irrigation District.The Lahontan Dam was built by the Bureau of Reclamation as part of the Newlands Project. It is an earthen structure 162 ft (49 m) high by 1700 ft (520 m) long and contains 733000 cu yd (560000 m3) of fill.
 The Gulf Coast Museum of Art was located at 12211 Walsingham Road Largo Florida. It housed contemporary Florida art in the permanent collection.The museum closed in January 2009 after 73 years of operation and its collections are now part of the Florida International Museum at St. Petersburg College in St. Petersburg Florida.
 St. Joseph's Mission is a mission that was established in Oregon Territory (now Washington State) United States (US) by Jesuit priests in 1852. The mission is located near Tampico Washington and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Media Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in Media Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 for company H of the 6th Infantry Regiment of the Pennsylvania National Guard. The building was originally used for training and the storage of arms and ammunition but has been converted for use into a Trader Joe's grocery store and the Pennsylvania Veterans Museum.
 The Federal Building and United States Custom House Denver Colorado is a historic courthouse and federal office building located at Denver Colorado. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.
 King Nikola's Palace is located in Cetinje Montenegro and for more than 50 years served as the seat of the Montenegrin Royal family. In 1926 it became a museum from 1980 it was one of the departments of National Museum of Montenegro.The small palace was built from 1863 to 1867 in a simple style typical of Cetinje houses with certain elements of neoclassicism. The interiors were designed in style of Historicism (art) and Art Nouveau.
 Huntland originally known as New Lisbon is a historic estate located at Middleburg Loudoun County Virginia. The original section was built in 1834 and is a two-story five bay Federal style brick dwelling. It built by master brickmason William Benton Sr. who also constructed nearby Oak Hill the home of President James Monroe. In 1915 the house was remodeled and enlarged with side one-story brick additions and Colonial Revival-style detailing.
 Loew's Midland Theater-Midland Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Chesterfield Parish Church is an Anglican church dedicated to Saint Mary and All Saints located in the town of Chesterfield in Derbyshire England. Predominantly dating back to the 14th century the church is a Grade I listed building and is most known for its twisted spire an architectural phenomenon which has led to the church being given the common byname of the Crooked Spire.
 Frogmore House is a 17th-century country house standing at the centre of the Frogmore Estate amongst beautiful gardens about a half a mile south of Windsor Castle in the Home Park at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Limestone Correctional Facility is an Alabama Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Harvest Madison County Alabama.
 The Griffith Breese Farm is a historic farmstead in southern Allen County Ohio United States. Established in 1840 the farm is one of the oldest white settlements in a formerly Native American area of northwestern Ohio and it has been designated a historic site because of its unusually good degree of preservation.
 The Australian Army Artillery Museum was an artillery museum located in North Fort on the northern head of the entrance to Sydney Harbour in Sydney Australia.It was formerly called the National Artillery Museum and had a large collection of the heritage and history of the Royal Australian Artillery. It was administered by the Army History Unit (AHU) with the assistance of volunteer members of the Royal Australian Artillery Historical Company(RAAHC).
 The Veal School in Veal Georgia was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 2005.
 Higbee Street School is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1857 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 14 1995.
 The First National Building is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Detroit Financial District. The building is located across the streets from Cadillac Tower and One Detroit Center and stands next to the Vinton Building.
 Casa Deldra also known as the Anderson House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was designed by architect A.F. Norris and it was built in 1912. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Beckwith House Hotel at 101 W. Huron St. in Berlin Wisconsin is a historic hotel built in 1863. It has also been known as Hotel Whiting. It is located on what is now Wisconsin Highway 49. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It is apparently different from the Beckwith House a hotel built in Oshkosh in 1876 after the great fire of 1875 replacing a previous hotel built in 1867 and renamed to the Beckwith House in 1873.
 The Titanic Memorial is a granite statue in southwest Washington D.C. that honors the men who gave their lives so that women and children might be saved during the RMS Titanic disaster. The thirteen-foot-tall figure is of a partly clad male figure with arms outstretched. The statue was erected by the Women's Titanic Memorial Association.The memorial is located on P Street SW next to the Washington Channel near Fort Lesley J. McNair.
 Saint Cross Church is a brick parish church in Bieganowo Kołaczkowo commune in Września County Poland.
 The Azalea Court Apartments is a historic three-story apartment building located in Mobile Alabama. It was built in 1928 and was designed by architect J. Platt Roberts in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 11 1988.
 Sutan Murat II Mosque (Bosnian: Džamija Sultan Murat II) also known as the Kurtagića mosque is the biggest mosque in Rožaje and the biggest mosque in Montenegro. It was built in the same time as the nearby fortress was built by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire Murat II in 1450. It was rebuilt in 2008.
 The Folding Furniture Works Building is located in Stevens Point Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Wollner Building is a historic commercial building located at Lewistown Mifflin County Pennsylvania on Monument Square across from the Mifflin County Courthouse. It was built in 1906 and is a three-story vernacular brick building with a chamfered corner measuring approximately 30 feet by 90 feet. It sits on a rusticated stone base and has three wood storefronts. For many years it housed the Lewistown Trust Company.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Martin's Church Preston Gubbals is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Preston Gubbals Shropshire England. It is s been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Bran Castle (Romanian: Castelul Bran; German: Törzburg; Hungarian: Törcsvár) situated near Bran and in the immediate vicinity of Braşov is a national monument and landmark in Romania. The fortress is situated on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia on DN73.
 Kadriorg Palace (Estonian: Kadrioru loss German: Catherinethal) is a Petrine Baroque palace built for Catherine I of Russia by Peter the Great in Tallinn Estonia. Both the Estonian and the German name for the palace means Catherine's valley. It was built after the Great Northern War to Nicola Michetti's designs by Gaetano Chiaveri and Mikhail Zemtsov.
 Kokelv Church (Norwegian: Kokelv kirke) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Kokelv. The church is part of the Kokelv parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1960 and it seats about 120 people.
 Memorial Fountain and Statue are a historic fountain and statue located in Memorial Square at Chambersburg in Franklin County Pennsylvania. They were installed in 1878 and built of cast iron. The fountain basin is hexagonal and 30 feet in diameter. It features eight flower vases positioned around it. The central shaft is 26 feet high and topped by a turned finial. At the base of the shaft are four cherubs riding dolphins. Water projects from each of the dolphin's mouths.
 South Square Mall is a defunct shopping mall that was located in Durham North Carolina.
 The Newdigate-Reed House is a two-story log house built by the Newdigate family at the top of the hill near the Lexington-Maysville Turnpike. John Newdigate a farmer is listed as the landowner in 1854. Situated at the top of a steep hill leading out of Maysville the house served as a convenient rest stop for merchants and wagon masters hauling goods from the docks at Maysville to points south.Siding was applied to the log structure in the 1930s.
 The Woodstock Community Center is a community center and former fire station built in 1928 located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States. The building was converted to a community center when Portland Parks & Recreation acquired ownership in 1958. In 2003 community members prevented closure due to budget constraints by forming a group called Friends of the Woodstock Community Center to raise funds and coordinate volunteers.
 The Joseph Loth Company Building is located in Norwalk Connecticut. The building was built in 1903 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1984.
 The Comfort Starr House located at 138 State St. Guilford Connecticut is a classic saltbox house with an added leanto. It is presumed that the original house was built between 1645 and 1646. The house derives its name from Comfort Starr who bought the house from the original builder a Guilford signer (settler) Henry Kingsnorth in 1694.
 Bayonne Truck House No. 1 also known as Chief John T. Brennan Fire Museum is located in Bayonne Hudson County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 2 1976. The firehouse was constructed in 1875 to be used by Bayonne Hook and Ladder Company #1. The firehouse is now a museum.
 The Victoria County Court House is an historic building in Baddeck Nova Scotia.
 Brennan's was a creole restaurant in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana. It was known for its lavish breakfast and for the creation of Bananas Foster.
 Long Meadow is an historic house in Carters Valley in Hawkins County Tennessee near Surgoinsville. It was built in 1762 and is considered to be Tennessee's oldest wooden structure. It was erected on land that its builder William Young had received through a royal land grant.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The National Register listing includes the house and 6 acres (2.4 ha) of land.
 The Musée d'Orsay (French pronunciation: ​[myze dɔʁsɛ]) is a museum in Paris France on the left bank of the Seine. It is housed in the former Gare d'Orsay a Beaux-Arts railway station built between 1898 and 1900. The museum holds mainly French art dating from 1848 to 1915 including paintings sculptures furniture and photography.
 The Manhattan Building is a 16-story building at 431 South Dearborn Street in Chicago Illinois. It was designed by architect William Le Baron Jenney and constructed from 1889 to 1891. It is the oldest surviving skyscraper in the world to use a purely skeletal supporting structure. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1976 and designated a Chicago Landmark on July 7 1978.
 Moses Van Campen House is a historic home located at Angelica in Allegany County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped brick and frame house with a 2-story addition. It was built around 1809 by Moses Van Campen (1757–1849) and is on a 47-acre (190000 m2) property. Van Campen was a Revolutionary War veteran Indian fighter and surveyor. He served as judge and justice of peace and as Allegany county treasurer.
 The Nishi-Shinjuku 3-Chōme Redevelopment (西新宿三丁目西地区市街地再開発) is a large proposed redevelopment project in Nishi-Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. The proposal includes a 77-story office tower two 66-floor and one 50 floor residential towers. The 77-story office tower called East Office Tower (東オフィス棟) is set to rise 338 metres (1109 ft) and become Japan's tallest building taking the title away from the Yokohama Landmark Tower in Yokohama.
 Sohail Castle (Spanish: Castillo Sohail) is a castle in Fuengirola Spain.It was built in AD 956 by Abd-ar-Rahman III to strengthen the coastal defenses. In 2000 the Town of Fuengirola renovated the ruins of the Castle turning it into a tourist attraction and functioning space used for concerts and other festivals. Excavated stone ruins on public display at the western base of the hill on which the castle sits are dated back to before the Roman Empire occupied Fuengirola at least 300 BC.
 The James Sheeley House is an Italianate building in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin United States. Originally used as a boarding house it is currently a restaurant.
 Russell M. Little House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1876 and is a three bay two story frame residence sheathed in clapboards. It has an eclectic design with elements of Italianate and Carpenter Gothic design.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Church of St. Frances of Rome is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 4307 Barnes Avenue Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1898.The architect for the 1967 church was Paul W. Reilly.Its name honors St. Frances of Rome.
 The Chesme Church (Russian: Чесменская церковь; full name Church of Saint John the Baptist at Chesme Palace Russian: це́рковь Рождества́ Иоа́нна Предте́чи при Че́сменском Дворце́) also called the Church of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist is a small Russian Orthodox church at 12 Lensoveta Street in Saint Petersburg Russia. It was built by the Russian court architect Yury Felten in 1780 at the direction of Catherine the Great Empress of Russia.
 The Belton Chalets are a group of historic hotel buildings in the village of West Glacier Montana near the western entrance to Glacier National Park. The chalet buildings were built in 1910-11 by the Great Northern Railway (GN) as the first component of the railroad's ambitious program of hotel road and trail construction in Glacier. The buildings featured a Swiss Chalet architectural style that set the style for much of the Great Northern's building program in Glacier.
 The former Harmanus Bleecker Library is located at the intersection of Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) and Dove Street in Albany New York United States. It is a brick and stone Classical Revival building constructed in the 1920s.
 The Health Sciences Centre is the largest hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba. It serves the residents of Northwest Ontario and Nunavut as both a teaching hospital and as a research centre. The Health Sciences Center is a tertiary care hospital encompassing many different specialty medical services.
 The Sun in the Sands is a public house between Blackheath and Shooter's Hill in London. The pub gives its name to the adjacent road junction where the A2 between central London and Kent meets the A102 which provides access to the Blackwall Tunnel. Several Transport for London (TfL) bus routes pass close to the junction.There has been a meeting point at this location since the Middle Ages.
 Murano is a restaurant situated in London England. It was opened in August 2008 by Angela Hartnett and Gordon Ramsay. Murano was purchased outright from Ramsay by head chef Hartnett with the handover taking place in October 2010. It has received one Michelin star.
 Marine Corps Supply Activity also known as Quartermaster`s Depot U.S. Marine Corps is a historic office building and warehouse located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of South Philadelphia in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built by the Marine Corps in two sections in 1904 and in 1908. The building is a five-story red brick stone and concrete building in the Classical Revival-style.
 Hadden-Margolis House is a historic home located at Harrison Westchester County New York. It was originally built about 1750 with later modifications in the 19th century in the Italianate style and early 20th century Colonial Revival style. It is a 2 1⁄2-story center hall type dwelling covered in stucco over a heavy wood frame structure. It has a stone foundation and straight pitched gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Pleasant View is a historic home located near Forest Bedford County Virginia. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Classical Revival style. It features Greek Revival style decorative details front doors on both the first and second floors plastered recessed panels between the floor levels and a typical side-gable roof with wood cornice.
 Christ Church is a historic non-denominational chapel in the Dark Harbor district of Islesboro Maine used for Episcopal services. It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St Mary's Church Patshull is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Pattingham Staffordshire England and is situated near Patshull Hall. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in parkland beside a lake.
 The Swedish Theatre (Swedish: Svenska Teatern Finnish: Ruotsalainen Teatteri) is a Swedish-speaking theatre in Helsinki Finland and is located at the Erottaja (Swedish: Skillnaden) square at the end of Esplanadi (Swedish: Esplanaden). It was the first national stage of Finland.
 The Ottawa-Carleton Detention Centre (OCDC) is a correctional facility in Ottawa Ontario. It opened in 1972.
 The Gerhard Marcks Museum or Gerhard Marcks House (German: Gerhard Marcks Haus) is a museum in Bremen Germany inspired by the work of the sculptor and graphic artist Gerhard Marcks. The museum exhibits contemporary sculpture including the work of Marcks.
 Seaboard Air Line Railway Building also known as the Wainwright Building is a historic office building located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1925-1926 as headquarters for Seaboard Air Line Railroad. It is a nine-story 92000 square-foot steel reinforced concrete building. It is V-shaped and faced in textured yellow brick with numerous stone decorative elements in the Late Gothic Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The U.S. Post Office in Middleport New York is located at Main (state highways 31E and 271) and Church streets. It is a brick building erected in the late 1930s serving the 14105 ZIP Code which covers the village of Middleport and surrounding areas of the towns of Hartland and Royalton.It is one of only three in the state using that design a modernist form with Colonial Revival details. Inside is a mural commissioned by the Treasury Department.
 The House at 105 Spring Street is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Glenville also known as the Jincy P. Glenn House is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama. The structure was built in the mid-1840s for Jincy Pride Glenn. She was born in Virginia in 1776. Jincy Glenn was the widow of Daniel Glenn of Union County South Carolina. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Alexandra Tower is a residential tower located in the newly developed Princes Dock area of Liverpool England. It was constructed between 2005 and 2008 and upon completion became the sixth tallest building in Liverpool. The tower has a total 27 floors with 201 apartments reaching a height of 88 metres (290 ft).In March 2010 a 100 kilograms (220 lb) decorative glass panel shattered and fell from the building onto the ground below.
 Braehead (Scots: Braeheid Gaelic: Ceann a' Bhruthaich) is a commercial development located at the former site of Braehead Power Station in Renfrew on the south bank of the River Clyde in Renfrewshire. It is particularly notable for its large shopping centre arena and leisure facilities.The shopping centre was rebranded as Intu Braehead in 2013 as part of a corporate rebranding exercise by Capital Shopping Centres which renamed itself Intu Properties.
 Hickory Springs Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Chatham Louisiana.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Bethel House at Erwin and 2nd Sts. in Des Arc Arkansas was built in 1918. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture designed by Charles L. Thompson in Bungalow/Craftsman style.
 Alaska Native Brotherhood Hall or Sitka Camp No. 1 is significant for being the original chapter of the Alaska Native Brotherhood an Alaska-wide Native organization.
 Anselm Lincoln House is a historic home located at Malone in Franklin County New York. It was built in 1830 and has a 2-story rectangular main block three bays long by two bays wide and 1 1⁄2-story wing. It is built of beautifully cut and fitted ashlar block two feet thick. It is believed to be the oldest stone house in Franklin County. It was donated to the North Country Community College in 1974.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Museum of Newport History is a history museum in the Old Brick Market building in Newport Rhode Island United States. It is owned and operated by the Newport Historical Society at 127 Thames Street on Washington Square.
 David Leedom Farm also known as Pleasant Retreat is a historic home and farm located at Newtown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The house was built in four stages with the oldest dated to the late 18th century and consisting of a one-story one roof stone structure. A large 2 1/2-story stone addition was built in the late-18th century. In 1802 a three-story stone mansion section was added. A two-story frame addition was built in the early 1800s.
 The Eureka Inn in Eureka California is a four-story 104-room Elizabethan Tudor Revival architectural style hotel which opened in 1922. In 1982 the structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in February 1982.
 Saratoga Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Wilton New York near the city of Saratoga Springs New York. It was demolished in 1999. It was previously known as Pyramid Mall Saratoga and was located on Route 50 just off Exit 15 on I-87 (the Adirondack Northway portion). After demolition it was replaced by a big box strip center known as Wilton Square.
 There are multiple gay bathhouses in the United Kingdom. In the UK the term used is gay sauna as opposed to gay bathhouse the term more commonly used in North America. There are gay saunas throughout the UK with London having most of them. Among the more noteworthy are Chariots Shoreditch in Shoreditch London and Pleasuredrome South London and Sweatbox in Soho London.
 Built in 1914 the Old St. Anastasia Catholic School is a historic school in Fort Pierce Florida. It is located at 910 Orange Avenue. On August 10 2000 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The National Motor Museum Birdwood is an automobile museum in Birdwood South Australia. Established in 1964 and opened to the public soon afterwards it is Australia's largest motor museum with over 300 vehicles on display.The museum is housed in a modern complex adjacent to its original home the Old Mill in Shannon Street Birdwood.
 The Spanish National Church of Santiago and Montserrat known as Church of Holy Mary in Monserrat of the Spaniards (Italian: Santa Maria in Monserrato degli Spagnoli Spanish: Santa María de Montserrat de los Españoles Latin: S. Mariae Hispanorum in Monte Serrato) is a Roman Catholic titulus church and National Church in Rome of Spain dedicated to the Virgin of Montserrat.
 St Mary's Church Chickney is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Chickney Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 St. Paul Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1921 and is a two story brick building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a square corner tower. It has a ground level fellowship hall and elevated first floor sanctuary. It was built to serve a growing African American population in St. Albans.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 This article incorporates information from the Deutsch Wikipedia.The Rieskrater Museum sometimes known in English as the Ries Crater Museum focuses on meteors and their collisions with Earth. The museum is housed in a 16th-century barn in Nordlingen Germany which was part of the medieval city's center. The area (Nördlinger Ries) is the location of a meteor's impact with Earth c. 15 million years ago and it might have been a double impact (Steinheim crater is nearby).
 Spring Bank also known as Ravenscroft and Magnolia Grove is a historic plantation home located near Lunenburg Lunenburg County Virginia. It was built about 1793 and is a five-part Palladian plan frame dwelling in the Late Georgian style. It is composed of a two-story three-bay center block flanked by one-story one-bay hipped roof wings with one-story one-bay shed-roofed wings at the ends.
 Tung Wah Hospital (Chinese: 東華醫院) is a hospital in Hong Kong under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Located above Possession Point at 12 Po Yan Street in Sheung Wan it is the first hospital established in Colonial Hong Kong for the general public in the 1870s.
 Our Lady of Carmel Church Macau (Igreja de Nossa Senhora do Carmo) is located on the island of Taipa. The church was built in 1885 and namesake of Our Lady of Carmel Parish.The church's architectural style Neoclassical but coloured wall are similar to many historic structures in Macau. The belltower of the church does not have a steeple.The church as 2000 square feet of space and can hold up to 200.
 Roscoe Conkling House in Utica New York USA was the home of Roscoe Conkling 1829–1888 a powerful and controversial politician. He is responsible perhaps for the angry political atmosphere that led to the assassination of U.S. President James Garfield.
 Jacob Ockers House is a historic home located at Oakdale in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1880 and is a 2 1⁄2-story four- by two-bay frame dwelling with single story wings extending from the east and north elevations. It is sheathed in clapboard and rests on a brick foundation. It features a verandah with Doric order columns supporting the cornice.The house was owned by Jacob Ockers who organized the Bluepoint Oyster Company.
 Chestertown Historic District is a national historic district located at Chestertown Warren County New York. It includes seven contributing buildings. It includes the Fowler Homestead and related outbuildings the Church of the Good Shepherd (1884 addition 1954) Chester Town Hall the Fowler cemetery and centennial monument (1913). The Fowler Homestead is a Greek Revival style home constructed in the mid-1840s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Lotta's fountain is a historical fountain located at the intersection of Market Street where Geary and Kearny Streets connect in downtown San Francisco California.
 The Saatchi Gallery is a London gallery for contemporary art opened by Charles Saatchi in 1985 in order to exhibit his collection to the public. It has occupied different premises first in North London then the South Bank by the River Thames and finally in Chelsea its current location.
 The Germantown Redoubt (more commonly known as Fort Germantown) is a redoubt built during the Civil War by Union troops. This was built along a relatively sharp bend of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad (now the Memphis Subdivision of the Norfolk Southern Railway). It is located a couple miles east of the Old Germantown neighborhood in Germantown Tennessee. Federal troops built the garrison after they took control of Corinth Mississippi (about 90 miles east of Memphis) and the railroad.
 The Canton Township MPS is a multiple property submission listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. A multiple property submission is a group of related structures that share a common theme. The Canton Township MPS consists of eleven houses (some with associated property and outbuildings) built between 1825 and 1904 and located in Canton Township Michigan.
 The Birches is a house at the southeast corner of the junction of NY 9D and 403 in the hamlet of Garrison New York United States. It was built for William H. Osborn as part of his nearby Wing & Wing estate by architect Ralph Adams Cram in the Gothic Revival architectural style.In 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is just across Route 9D from the Garrison Grist Mill Historic District.
 A Mahāvīra Hall or Hall of Mahāvīra (Chinese: 大雄寶殿; pinyin: Dàxióngbǎodiàn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tōa--hiông-pó-tiān; literally Hall of the Great Hero) called daeungjeon (대웅전 大雄殿) in Korean is the main building of a traditional Chinese Buddhist temple complex where the historical Buddha and other buddhas and bodhisattvas are enshrined.Along with the Hall of the Four Heavenly Kings (天王殿) and a depository for sacred Buddhist sūtras the Mahavira Hall is one of the three principal halls of a Chinese Buddhist temple.Its Japanese equivalent is the hon-dō.
 Mercato Shopping Mall is a shopping centre in Jumeirah Dubai United Arab Emirates. The mall is designed to look like a Mediterranean town during the European Renaissance in either Italy France or Spain. Opening in 2002 the mall cost 120 million dirhams.
 Research Plot 2 located near Centennial Ave. and 18th St. N. on the North Dakota State University campus in Fargo North Dakota. The plot was established in 1882 on land that was broken from native prairie sod. It has been sown to spring wheat continuously since that date.
 St John the Baptist's Church Allington is in the village of Allington Wiltshire England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church in the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands is a museum in Gananoque Ontario Canada that interprets the history and ecology of Gananoque and the 1000 Islands.The Museum's Mission Statement: The Historic Thousand Islands Village Foundation operating as the Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the Thousand Islands is a non-profit charitable organization dedicated to creating exhibits and archives collecting and preserving artifacts that interpret the unique history life and times of the Thousand Islands Region and its communities.
 The B. P. O. E. Building otherwise known as the Elks Club was originally built for the Bellingham chapter of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks in 1912 during the city's second major building boom. It is located within the vicinity of the old Federal Building on Cornwall Avenue historically known as Dock Street. The Elks no longer occupy the building and it is now home to an Italian restaurant. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992
 Bradford Cathedral (grid reference SE166333) full name Cathedral Church of St Peter is situated in the heart of Bradford in West Yorkshire England on a site used for Christian worship since the 8th century when missionaries based in Dewsbury evangelised the region. For most of its history the building was the parish church of St Peter.
 The Cumberland Apartments is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary's Church in the village of Gosforth Cumbria England is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Olaf Wasdale Head and St Michael Nether Wasdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is associated with a unique Viking-age assemblage of carved stones.
 Longue Vue Club and Golf Course is a historic golf course and clubhouse in Penn Hills Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania that was originally established in the 1920s. It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1985 and the National Register of Historic Places on May 10 2005.
 Grace Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Scottsville in Monroe County New York. The church was designed by noted Rochester architect Harvey Ellis (1852-1904) and built in 1885. It is in the Latin cross form in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. It has a native fieldstone lower level with an upper section of frame construction with a non-structural wall of stained glass. It features rounded apsidal and transept ends topped by conical roofs.
 Hagood Mill is a water-powered gristmill built by James E. Hagood in 1826 near Pickens South Carolina it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Amesbury Friends Meetinghouse is a Friends Meeting House at 120 Friend Street in Amesbury Massachusetts. The simple 1.5 story wood frame building was constructed in 1850 with poet John Greenleaf Whittier serving on the building committee. From 1851 to 1962 the meetinghouse hosted the Salem Quarterly meeting. The Amesbury Monthly Meeting of Friends is a current thriving congregation with Meeting for Worship every Sunday at 10 AM.
 Hampton Hill also known as the Bennet-Search House is a historic home located at Richboro Northampton Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The first section was built about 1744 and is a 2 1/2-story two bay by one bay stone house with a gable roof. The larger section was built about 1790 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay stone house with a gable roof. The roof was covered with slate in the 20th century.
 Rockefeller Park is a city park named in honor of oil magnate John D. Rockefeller Sr. located in Cleveland Ohio. Part of the Cleveland Public Parks District Rockefeller Park is immediately adjacent Wade Park on its the southeastern and across Euclid Ave on its northwestern border.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mercy is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 2496 Marion Avenue Fordham Bronx New York City New York.
 The Walnut Hill Pumping Station located at in the Walnut Hill neighborhood is part of the Metropolitan Utilities District water system serving the City of Omaha Nebraska. It occupies four square blocks between 38th and 40th Streets from Hamilton to Nicholas Streets.
 Southchurch Hall is Grade I Listed Medieval moated house located in Southchurch Southend-on-Sea Essex England. The Hall was home to farming families until the 1920s. In 1930 it was extensively restored and presented to the town of Southend by the Dowsett Family. The Hall has been listed in Jenkins' top 1000 houses in England.
 The Lewis Cabot Estate is a historic estate in Brookline Massachusetts.
 Kuressaare Castle (Estonian: Kuressaare linnus; German: Schloss Arensburg) also Kuressaare Episcopal Castle (Estonian: Kuressaare piiskopilinnus) is a castle in Kuressaare on Saaremaa island in western Estonia.
 The Château de Salignac is the former castle of the Salignac-Fénelon family in the commune of Salignac-Eyvigues in the Dordogne département of France. It dates from the 12th-16th centuries.It has been classified since 1969 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Kincardine Community Hospital was opened in 1998 to serve the health needs of the local population in and around Stonehaven Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is operated in partnership with Care UK a private health care provider.
 Thompson House was located in Woodbury Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1892 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13 1988. It burned down on January 14 2012. http://abclocal.go.com/wpvi/story?section=news/local&id=8505025http://www.nj.com/gloucester/voices/index.ssf/2012/03/burned_out_woodbury_house_had.html
 Frithelstock Priory was founded in about 1220 at Frithelstock Devon England by Sir Robert de Beauchamp for Augustinian Canons Regular as an indulgence to ensure intercessions for the repose of his soul. Walter de Stapledon Bishop of Exeter is considered a co-founder for increasing the priory's endowments.The priory was dissolved in 1536 during the Dissolution of the Monasteries and only ruins remain.
 The Palácio de São Bento (Portuguese pronunciation: [pɐˈlasiu dɨ sɐ̃w̃ ˈbẽtu]) Saint Benedict's Palace is the home of the Assembly of the Republic the Portuguese parliament. It is located in Lisbon.
 The Chicago Zen Center (CZC) is a Harada-Yasutani Zen practice center located in Evanston Illinois near Northwestern University currently led by Abbot Yusan Graham. Established in 1974 the Chicago Zen Center formed around an interested group of students who had attended a workshop given by Philip Kapleau in the early 1970s. For many years the center was an affiliate of the Rochester Zen Center in Rochester New York which had sent teachers there throughout the year to hold sesshins.
 The Lahey Hospital & Medical Center formerly known as Lahey Clinic is a physician-led nonprofit teaching hospital of Tufts University School of Medicine based in Burlington Massachusetts. The hospital was founded in Boston in 1923 by surgeon Frank H. Lahey M.D. It is managed by Lahey Health. U.S. News & World Report has cited it multiple times on its list of America's Best Hospitals in the category of urology.
 Riverhill House is a Grade II listed rag-stone Queen Anne manor house located on the southern edge of Sevenoaks in Kent England. The house and estate of 130 acres (53 ha) are located directly to the south of Knole Park near to the villages of Sevenoaks Weald and Underriver. The gardens are occasionally open to the public mainly in the spring.Originally built on the site of a Tudor farmstead in 1714 Riverhill House and estate were purchased in 1840 by John Rogers.
 The Saigon River Tunnel is an underwater tunnel that opened on November 20 2011. It runs underneath the Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City the largest city of Vietnam. The tunnel was built with capital from JCIA's ODA in conjunction with a consortium of Japanese contractors. The tunnel connects the existing urban center of Ho Chi Minh City with Thu Thiem New Urban Area in District 2.
 The Northern Lights Masonic Lodge in Cooperstown North Dakota is a building from 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Pennsylvania Railroad Station in Hobart Indiana also known as The Pennsy Depot was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was a craft shop for several years. In July 2010 the Hobart Chamber of Commerce was using the building for offices.
 Roosevelt Hall is a community auditorium and gymnasium building in Barrett Minnesota in Grant County. The building was built by the Civil Works Administration a predecessor of the Works Progress Administration in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 for being one of the few buildings built by the CWA in Minnesota. The CWA made it possible for small communities such as Barrett to build architecturally sophisticated buildings at a low cost.
 HMP Isle of Wight is a prison on the Isle of Wight UK combining the two island prisons Albany and Parkhurst. The two former prisons along with Camp Hill were merged in 2009 and each site still retained its old name. Across the three sites there were nearly 1700 prisoners making it one of the largest prisons in the country. The reorganization took effect on 1 April 2009. In March 2013 Camp Hill closed reducing the overall prison population by 595.
 Stanford University Medical Center is a medical complex which includes Stanford Hospital and Clinics and the Lucile Packard Children's Hospital.
 Hopkins Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1923 and is a rectangular two story three bay structure surmounted by a hipped roof. Each of the four upstairs bedrooms has its own cure porch measuring 8.5 feet by 12 feet. It was used as a private nursing establishment for tuberculosis patients until about 1940.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Kinshasa General Hospital is a hospital in Kinshasa Democratic Republic of Congo. Before the ousting of President Mobutu Sese Seko it was known as Mama Yemo Hospital after the president's mother. The 2000-bed hospital registers over 3000 consultations daily. It was one of the first places where AIDS was observed.
 The Basilica of the Co-Cathedral of the Sacred Heart is a cathedral church and a Minor Basilica located in Charleston West Virginia United States. Along with the Cathedral of St. Joseph in Wheeling it is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Paris commonly known as Sacré-Cœur Basilica and often simply Sacré-Cœur (French: Basilique du Sacré-Cœur pronounced [sakʁe kœʁ]) is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Paris France. A popular landmark the basilica is located at the summit of the butte Montmartre the highest point in the city.
 Brucemore a park-like 26-acre (110000 m2) estate in the heart of Cedar Rapids Iowa is the site of a Queen Anne-style mansion formal gardens a children’s garden night garden pond orchard and woodland. Built between 1884 and 1886 by Caroline Sinclair widow of pioneer industrialist T.M. Sinclair Brucemore has been home to three prominent families who used the estate as a center for culture and the arts.
 The Mall at Shelter Cove was a shopping mall located in Hilton Head Island South Carolina. Opened in 1988 the mall featured two Belk stores and a vacant anchor last occupied by Off Fifth an outlet store owned by Saks Fifth Avenue.
 The Scottish Rite Temple is located at 803 North 7th Street Trafficway in Kansas City Kansas. The architect of the building was W. W. Rose. It was placed on the Kansas City Kansas Historic Landmark on December 1 1983. It was placed on the Register of Historic Kansas Places on May 4 1985. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 11 1985. This building has been rehabilitated and is now a casino known as the 7th Street Casino.
 The Thomas Sully Residence was briefly a home of painter Thomas Sully. The house was built in 1820 with subsequent construction in 1860.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 352 East 300 South (352 East Broadway) in Salt Lake City Utah in the United States is an historic structure that on July 30 1976 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. After being used for a time by Anthony's Fine Art and Antiques the building is once again being used as a church: Iglesia La Luz del Mundo.
 The Saskatoon Correctional Centre is an adult male provincial correctional centre located in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is one of four provincial correctional centres in the province including the Regina Correctional Centre the Prince Albert Correctional Centre and the only female institution the Pine Grove Correctional Centre. The centre generally holds approximately 450 offenders including those of the low security annex the Saskatoon Urban Camp.
 Highland Park Public School is a historic school building located in Richmond Virginia. The structure was built in 1909 based on a design by noted Virginia architect Charles M. Robinson. The Mediterranean Revival building is a two-story brick and stucco structure topped by hipped roofs clad with terra cotta tiles. In its use of the Mediterranean Revival style the building was a departure from the Georgian and Gothic styles commonly used in Virginia school buildings of the time.
 Yeşil Türbe (Green Tomb) is a mausoleum of the fifth Ottoman Sultan Mehmed I in Bursa Turkey. It was built by Mehmed's son and successor Murad II following the death of the sovereign in 1421. The architect Hacı Ivaz Pasha designed the tomb and the Yeşil Mosque opposite to it.
 San Fernando General Hospital is located in the City of San Fernando Trinidad and Tobago. It is considered as the main trauma unit for the Southern region of the Island of Trinidad.The hospital provides its patients with many necessary services some which are rarely available in the country.
 The Beltrami County Courthouse located at 619 Beltrami Avenue in Bemidji Beltrami County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a Beaux Arts style three-story red brick and sandstone structure built in 1902-1903. It was designed by Kinney and Detweiler of Minneapolis-Saint Paul and built by Schmidt Brothers contractors for $39975. Above three round windows in a central tower is an arcaded tower topped with a dome and a statue representing Blind Justice.
 The Shirley Opera House located at 503 Main St. in Atwood Kansas was built in 1907. It is an Early Commercial style building that has served as a theater and as a department store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It was deemed significant for historical association with entertainment in the community and for its architecture.
 Mader House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1925 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide bungalow-style dwelling with a low-pitched roof. It is sheathed in pink stucco and sits on a raised basement. It features a spacious front porch and large multi-paned windows.It was designed by architect Percival M. Lloyd.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Luke's Methodist Church is a property in Monticello Iowa United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The property is also known as St. Luke's United Methodist Church or as Monticello Heritage and Cultural Center. It was built or has other significance in 1950. It was designed and/or built by Cram & Ferguson. It includes Late Gothic Revival architecture. The listing was for an area of less than one acre with just one contributing building.
 The Aziziye Mosque (Turkish: Aziziye Camii) is a mosque in Stoke Newington London United Kingdom which serves mainly the British Turkish community. The mosque was funded by the UK Turkish Islamic Association and the conversion began in 1983. Turks who had once felt reluctant to attend a ‘non-Turkish’ mosque welcomed the congregation as services were provided in the Turkish language rather than in English or Arabic. The total capacity of its Ottoman style mosque is 2000 people.
 St John the Baptist is a church in the Frenchay area of Bristol England.It was built in 1834 by Henry Rumley. Work on the vestry in 1887 was by the local architect William Larkins Bernard.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.The large church has a low battlemented tower with a slender spire which overlooks the common.The churchyard contains the war graves of six service personnel of World War I and three of World War II.
 The Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art in Tulsa Oklahoma was founded in 1966 as the Gershon & Rebecca Fenster Museum of Jewish Art. From its inception until 1998 Tulsa's Congregation B'nai Emunah Synagogue housed the museum. Sherwin Miller was the museum's first curator. In 2000 the museum was renamed the Sherwin Miller Museum and it moved to its present location at 2021 E 71st St in Tulsa OK 74136 on the Zarrow Campus in November 2004.
 The Carnegie Museum of Art located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is an art museum founded in 1895 by the Pittsburgh-based industrialist Andrew Carnegie. The museum holds a distinguished collection of contemporary art including film and video works.
 Vincent LeRay House also known as The Stone House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1815 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-four-bay stone building. Also on the property are a limestone boathouse a 2-story stucco cottage and board and batten garage. It is located within the boundaries of the Broadway Historic District.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Cedarville School is a historic school building located at Cedarville Gilmer County West Virginia. It was built in 1923 and is a two story T-shaped wood frame building with a hipped roof measuring approximately 50 feet deep and 80 feet wide. It has striated stuccoed exterior surfaces and is on a raised basement of locally quarried stone. It was used as a school until 1968 after which it was converted to apartments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Bristol Castle was a Norman castle built for the defence of Bristol. Remains can be seen today in Castle Park near the Broadmead Shopping Centre including the sally port.
 Oquossoc Log Church (Oquossoc Union Church) is a historic church in Rangeley Maine.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 German Church and Cemetery is a historic German Lutheran church and cemetery in Waldoboro Maine. Waldoboro was settled by four shiploads of German immigrants between 1740 and 1753 and other settlers who came from earlier settlements on the Atlantic coast.
 Yorkdale Shopping Centre (also often shortened to simply Yorkdale) is a large retail shopping mall in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located several kilometres north-west of downtown Toronto at the interchange of Ontario Highway 401 and the Allen Road expressway and on the Yonge–University–Spadina rapid transit line in the former suburb of North York. The mall contains over 250 stores including many luxury retailers.
 The Waggoner Covered Bridge also known as the Roddy's Mill Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Northeast Madison Township and Tyrone Township in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 74-foot-long (23 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed about 1889. It crosses Bixler's Run. Its WGCB reference is 38-50-15.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Arap Mosque (Turkish: Arap Camii literally Arab Mosque) is a mosque in the Karaköy (historically Galata) quarter of Istanbul Turkey. The building was originally a Roman Catholic church erected in 1325 by the friars of the Dominican Order near or above an earlier chapel dedicated to Saint Paul (Italian: San Paolo) in 1233.
 The Wright House is a historic house at 54 Vinal Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1895 for Walter Wright owner of a milk can manufacturer. It is predominantly Queen Anne style in its massing with numerous projecting bays including a turret-like section over the single story front porch.
 Two World Financial Center is one of the largest skyscrapers in New York City located at 225 Liberty Street in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan. Rising 645 feet (197 m) the building is the second tallest of the four buildings in the World Financial Center complex that stands in southwest Manhattan.
 HM Prison Portland is a male Young Offenders Institution located in the village of The Grove on the Isle of Portland in Dorset England. Portland YOI prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Museum of Antiquities was an archaeological museum at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne England. It opened in 1960 and in 2009 its collections were merged into the Great North Museum: Hancock.
 Techwood Homes was the first public housing project in the United States opened just before the First Houses. Located in Atlanta Georgia it replaced a shantytown known as Tanyard Bottom or Tech Flats. It was completed on August 15 1936 but was dedicated on November 29 of the previous year by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The apartments included bathtubs and electric ranges in each unit 189 of which had garages.
 The Holy Jesus Hospital is a working office Newcastle upon Tyne England in the care of the National Trust.The site of the hospital has been in use for 700 years helping the townspeople. There was an Augustinian friary on the site from the thirteenth century then an almshouse for housing retired freemen then a soup kitchen was built next to Almshouse in the nineteenth century before the site acquired its current function as a working office.
 The John Pope House also known as Eastview is in Burwood Williamson County Tennessee. The original part of the house was built of logs circa 1806. It incorporates hall-parlor plan architecture and single pen architecture.A major landowner John Pope was also a lay Methodist minister who conducted well-attended camp meetings at locations around the area.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Kamei-in (亀井院) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Ichikawa in Chiba Prefecture. Kamei-in is a Nichiren Buddhist temple noted for the Mama Well.
 Gansevoort/East Steuben Streets Historic District is a national historic district located at Bath in Steuben County New York. The district contains 22 residences dating from about 1830 to 1908 and designed in a broad range of architectural styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Captain Hammond House is a historic home in White City Florida. Located at 5775 Citrus Avenue the Captain Hammond House served as the home for the retired New England sea captain John Hammond. The house itself was built by Danish craftsman in the frame vernacular style influenced by Danish architectural styles. On February 23 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 North East Mall (sometimes Northeast Mall) is an large enclosed upscale shopping mall located at 1101 Melbourne Rd (Texas Highways 121/183 and Loop 820 N.) in Hurst Texas a Fort Worth suburb. It is 10 miles (16 km) west of the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and 10 minutes east of downtown Fort Worth centered in the rapidly growing Mid-Cities area. The department stores include Macy's Nordstrom Sears Dillard's and JCPenney.
 Imāmzādeh Sāleh (Persian: امامزاده صالح‎) is one of many Imāmzadeh mosques in Iran. The mosque is located at Tajrish Square in Tehran's northern Shemiran district. The mosque entombs the remains of Sāleh a son of the Twelver Shī‘ah Imām Mūsā al-Kādhim and is one of the most popular Shī‘ah shrines in northern Tehran.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company Historic District consists of the historic right-of-way of the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in the Bitterroot Mountains from East Portal Montana (near St. Regis) to the mouth of Loop Creek Idaho (near Pearson) a distance of 14.5 miles (23.3 km). The district was once part of the railroad's mainline from Chicago Illinois to Tacoma Washington.
 Hagerstown Premium Outlets is an open-air outlet mall located along Interstate 70 three miles (5 km) east of the highway's junction with Interstate 81 in Hagerstown Maryland United States. It is one of two major shopping malls in Washington County (the other being the indoor Valley Mall).Built by Baltimore-based Prime Retail and was formerly named Prime Outlets-Hagerstown the outlet center opened in 1998 with approximately 55 stores.
 Alexander E. Cance House also known as Cance Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Alexander E. Cance who was a Professor of Agricultural Economics from 1909 to 1942 and Head of the Department of Agricultural Economics from 1912 to 1935. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Modernist architecture style.
 St Mary's Church Hopesay is in the village of Hopesay Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Clun Forest the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Titanic Belfast is a visitor attraction and a monument to Belfast's maritime heritage on the site of the former Harland & Wolff shipyard in the city's Titanic Quarter. It tells the stories of the ill-fated RMS Titanic which sank on her maiden voyage in 1912 and her sister ships RMS Olympic and HMHS Britannic.
 Bedia Cathedral (Georgian: ბედიის მონასტერი) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox cathedral located in Agubedia in the Tkvarcheli district of Abkhazia a disputed region on the Black Sea coast.Bedia Cathedral was originally built at the close of the 10th century and consecrated in 999 on the behest of King Bagrat II of Abkhazians who would go on to become King of the Georgians as Bagrat III and who was interred at the church after his death.
 Stamford Museum was located in Stamford Lincolnshire in Great Britain. It was housed in a Victorian building in Broad Street Stamford and was run by the museum services of Lincolnshire County Council from 1980 to 2011.
 Buckingham Old Gaol is a historic building in Buckingham the former county town of Buckinghamshire England.The building is now a museum shop and tourist information centre and is located on Market Hill in the town centre. It is a member of the Milton Keynes Heritage Association and the Association of Independent Museums.
 Santa Rosa Mall is a shopping mall in Bayamón Puerto Rico. It is on Puerto Rico Highway 2 and is near the Deportivo station of Tren Urbano. The mall is owned by Commercial Centers Management and has an area of 458353 square feet (42582 m2). The mall is anchored by Sears and Burlington Coat Factory. Burlington Coat Factory was previously Supermercados Grande and Gonzalez Padin before that.
 Earle House is a house in Canehill Arkansas on Highway 45 built in 1859 to house Dr. Fountain R. Earle the president of Cane Hill College. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places along with many other Canehill properties in November 1982.
 Huis te Ruurlo is a Dutch castle in Ruurlo Gelderland the Netherlands.
 BC Children’s Hospital Foundation (BCCHF) is a non-profit organization that raises money to support the British Columbia's Children's Hospital. The Foundation works with communities to raise funds for essentials including: life-saving equipment research into childhood diseases a wide range of medical staff and community child health education programs.
 Dolstad Church (Norwegian: Dolstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Mosjøen. The church is part of the Dolstad parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red octagonal building was constructed in 1735 by the architect Nils Pedersen Bech. The church was consecrated by 7 August 1735 by the local dean Anders Dass the son of poet and priest Petter Dass.
 Camp Intermission also known as William Morris House is a historic Great Camp located on Lake Colby just outside the village of Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1928 for theatrical agent William Morris designed by William G. Distin. The property includes the main house and seven contributing outbuildings. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular wood and stone dwelling with a rear kitchen wing.
 Capt. Thomas Blanch House was located in Norwood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983. The house was destroyed by fire on May 26 1997.
 The Fairbanks Museum and Planetarium is a combination museum and planetarium located in St. Johnsbury Vermont. It was founded in 1889 by Franklin Fairbanks. It is organized into 3 different departments: Natural Science Historical Ethnological. In addition there is also a planetarium and weather forecasting department entitled: Eye on the Sky weather station.
 The Aiwan-e-Sadr or Presidency is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of Pakistan.The first President who resided there was Ghulam Ishaq Khan in 1988. Aiwan-e-Sadr is located in northeastern Islamabad on Constitution Avenue between the Parliament Building and the Cabinet block of the Pakistan Secretariat.
 The Hose Station No. 7 is located in the west end of Davenport Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building has held several different businesses after it was replaced by larger more modern fire stations.
 The Ross Knox House is a historic Tudor Revival style residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story brick and stucco house was completed in 1929. It is considered one of the best Tudor Revival houses in Mobile by the Alabama Historical Commission. Built in the 1920s upper-class suburb of County Club Estates it was designed by architect John Platt Roberts.
 Birmingham Central Library was the main public library in Birmingham England from 1974 until 2013. For a time the largest non-national library in Europe it closed on 29 June 2013 and was replaced with the Library of Birmingham. The existing building is due to be demolished in 2014 as part of the redevelopment of Paradise Circus by Argent Group.
 The Pittsburgh Glass Center is a gallery glass studio and public-access school dedicated to teaching creating and promoting studio glass art. It is located on Penn Avenue in the Garfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
 The Wayside House was built in 1846 in Cedarburg Wisconsin USA by Fredrick Hilgen who later was the co-owner of The Cedarburg Mill. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 17 1982.
 The Harriet Island Pavilion currently known as the Clarence W. Wigington Pavilion is a park pavilion on Harriet Island just across the Mississippi River from downtown Saint Paul Minnesota. It was designed by Clarence W. Wigington the nation's first black municipal architect and renamed for Wigington after a 2000 restoration. Harriet island was named for Harriet Bishop a Baptist school teacher from Vermont.
 Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin was originally established as Milwaukee Children’s Hospital on March 16 1894. Three months later it became known as Children’s Free Hospital. In 1985 the hospital became known as Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin.
 The Homer Pound House at 314 2nd Ave. S. in Hailey Idaho is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is significant as the birthplace of the poet Ezra Pound (1885–1972) who was born there on October 30 1885 when Hailey was part of the Idaho Territory. Ezra was the only child of Homer Loomis Pound (1858–1942) and Isabel Weston (1860–1948).
 Lelewel Palace (Polish: Pałac Lelewelów) was a rococo palace on the Miodowa Street in the Warsaw Old Town which was also unofficially named Palace Street (ulica Pałacowa) because of its gorgeous palaces. Lelewel Palace was built in 1755 by Efraim Szreger on an estate documented to have been property of King John III Sobieski and maintaining the original Corps de logis. The client and owner until 1787 was Constance Lelewel née Jauch.
 St. Patrick Cathedral is the cathedral of the Catholic Church located in Fort Worth Texas United States. It a parish of the Diocese of Fort Worth and the seat of its bishop. St. Patrick's church was begun in 1888 and dedicated in 1892. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Redferd Segers House also known as the Kenneth Hoffman House is a historic home located at Crenshaw in Snyder Township Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped frame dwelling on a stone foundation. It is an eclectic example of domestic Stick/eastlake Gothic Revival Italianate and Shingle-style. It features a hipped roof with intersecting gables ornamental cornice and patterned shingling.
 The Patience and Sarah Gardner House is a historic house at 103-105 Cambridge Street in Winchester Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1830 on land that had been in the Gardner family since the mid-17th century. Patience and Sarah Gardner were sisters who purchased the property in 1825 and lived there until their deaths in 1857 and 1864.
 The Timber Creek Road Camp Barn was built in 1931 to support the construction of Trail Ridge Road in Rocky Mountain National Park. The design is attributed to Thomas Chalmers Vint of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. The barn was moved in 2002 and is now used for storage.
 The Le Pavillon Hotel is a luxury hotel in New Orleans Louisiana. It was originally named the Denechaud then for generations was the De Soto Hotel.Le Pavillon Hotel was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the U.S. Department of the Interior in 1991. Le Pavillon Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Our Lady of the Rosary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Springfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1917. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu which is Archbishop John Wong Soo Kau. It is located at the city of Kota Kinabalu in Sabah.
 The Agua Caliente Cultural Museum is a culture and history museum located in Palm Springs California United States focusing on the Cahuilla people of the Coachella Valley.
 George Hartman House also known as Larchwood Farm is a historic home located in East Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house is in three parts. The oldest section was built between about 1790 and 1801. It is 2 1/2-story random fieldstone house with a gable roof and 20 inch thick stone walls. The 2 1/2-story center hall plan random fieldstone addition was built in 1806. In the late-1930s a 2 1/2-story frame addition was built on the north side.
 Toko Tio Tek Hong (Indonesian for Tio Tek Hong's Shop) is a colonial building in Jakarta. The buildings is located in the junction where the river Ciliwung flows into the canal that channels flood water to Ancol Marina. It is currently in deteriorating condition.
 Rykestrasse Synagogue Germany's largest synagogue is located in the Prenzlauer Berg neighbourhood in the Pankow borough of Berlin. Johann Hoeniger built the synagogue in 1903/1904. It was inaugurated on 4 September 1904 on time for the holidays of and around Rosh haShana. The synagogue stands off the street alignment and is reached by a thoroughfare in the pertaining front building.
 The Worcester Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic temple Located at 1 Ionic Avenue in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. Construction on the temple began on September 12 1913 with the laying of the cornersone. The building was finished and dedicated on September 3 1914 by the then Grand Master Most Worshipful Melvin M. Johnson.The building is an excellent instance of a Classical Revival building.
 The House at 25 Clyde Street in Somerville Massachusetts is the best preserved example of a vernacular brickworker's house in the area. It is estimated to have been built about 1850 when the area was near one of the city's many brickyards. One characteristic common to these houses was the high brick basement wall which is visible in this house.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Sugar Hill Historic District is a historic district in the Washington Heights and/or Harlem Heights area of Manhattan. It is roughly bounded by W. 155th St. 145th St. Bradhurst Ave. and Convent Ave.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Branicki Palace (Polish: Pałac Branickich) is an 18th-century magnate's mansion in Warsaw Poland. It is located at the junction of Podwale and Miodowa Streets.
 Signal Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. The farmhouse was built about 1900 and is a two-story asymmetrically cruciform brick house in a refined late-Victorian style. It features a one-story 13-bay wraparound porch with a hipped roof.
 Westmount Shopping Centre or also referred to as Westmount Mall is a shopping centre located in London Ontario. It is located at 785 Wonderland Road South at the northwest corner of Wonderland Road and Viscount Road.
 Chartres Cathedral also known as Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Chartres (French: Basilique Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Chartres) is a medieval Roman Rite Catholic cathedral located in Chartres France about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Paris. It is considered one of the finest examples of French Gothic architecture and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Madison Hall formerly known as the Flagler Apartments is a residence hall on the campus of George Washington University (GW) in Washington D.C. The building was designed by Stern and Tomlinson and was built in 1926. The building is representative of the apartment buildings that were built from the 1920s to the 1940s that have been acquired by the university and converted into dormitories.
 Mansfield Road Baptist Church is at the junction of Gregory Boulevard and Sherwood Rise in Nottingham.
 Providence Gas Company Purifier House (Imperial Warehouse Company; City Tire Company) is a historic building at 200 Allens Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St. Matthew's Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral located in Laramie Wyoming United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Wyoming. The cathedral is a contributing property in the St. Matthew's Cathedral Close a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 West Avenue is a new 33 storey residential tower in Dubai Marina completing in 2013.
 The Chicago Building or Chicago Savings Bank Building was built in 1904-1905. It is located at 7 W. Madison Street Chicago Illinois. It was designed by architectural firm Holabird & Roche it is an early and highly visible example of the Chicago school of architecture. The building's features characterize this style through the use of large Chicago windows metal frame construction distinctive bays and terra cotta cladding.
 Springfield Brick House also known as Frenchwood is a historic home located at Springfield Hampshire County West Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story five bay orange-red brick building with an L-shaped plan. It features a three-bay front porch with a hipped roof supported by Doric order columns. The house has a blend of Georgian and Greek Revival design elements.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Englewood (FCI Englewood) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Colorado. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an administrative detention center and an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security offenders.FCI Englewood is located 15 miles southwest of Denver.
 The Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum is an American West museum in Buffalo Wyoming housed in a 1909 Carnegie Library building.
 The Athenaeum is a museum of fine arts in Alexandria Virginia United States and home to the Northern Virginia Fine Arts Association. Its building is an important example of Greek Revival architecture. The building has a long history and has served several purposes during its lifetime. The building is now part of the Virginia Trust and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Central Plaza Surat Thani is a shopping mall in Surat Thani Thailand.
 Nishtar Hospital is a teaching hospital of Nishtar Medical College located in Multan Pakistan. It is a tertiary care hospital serving a large population of South Punjab adjoining areas of Baluchistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces.
 Ons' Lieve Heer op Solder (English: Our Lord in the Attic) is a 17th-century canal house house church and museum in the city center of Amsterdam Netherlands. The Catholic Church was built on the top three floors of the canal house during the 1660s. It is an important example of a schuilkerk or clandestine church in which Catholics and other religious dissenters from the seventeenth century Dutch Reformed Church unable to worship in public held services.
 Solo is a restaurant in Gorichem Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2007-2012.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Solo is Mohammed el Harouchi.The restaurant lost its star due to the severe accident of head chef El Harouchi in which he suffered a contusion of the brain stem.
 Orlando City Hall is the headquarters of the City of Orlando government. The downtown city hall is a 9 floor postmodern building constructed by Lincoln Property Company and completed in 1992. The building is located in downtown Orlando at the CNL Center City Commons building complex on the corner of South Orange Avenue and South Street.
 Garret K. Osborn House and Barn is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1835 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 La Grande Mare Hotel Golf & Country Club is a hotel and golf course in Vazon Bay Castel Guernsey. The house set in 120 acres contains 12 suites 12 double rooms and 10 self-catering units.
 The One Tower is a 51-floor tower in Dubai Media City Dubai United Arab Emirates.
 Erasmus Darwin House in Lichfield Staffordshire is the former home of the English poet and physician Erasmus Darwin grandfather of naturalist Charles Darwin. The house is a Grade I listed building and is now a museum commemorating Darwin's life.Erasmus Darwin the renowned physician scientist inventor poet and educationalist lived on Beacon Street from 1758 until 1781.
 The Indianapolis Outing Club is located in Three Lakes Wisconsin. In 2004 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The William Norcross House is a historic house at 14 Cushman Street in Monson Massachusetts. The Georgian style house was constructed in 1775 for William Norcross who operated a tavern on the premises. The building was a major social center in the early days of the town and was influential in the development of the area as Monson's economic center.
 Pisgah United Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Pisgah Tennessee.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Elk’s Lodge No. 468 is a Romanesque style clubhouse located in Kingman Arizona. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The John Rider House is located on Main Street (CT 53) in Danbury Connecticut United States. It is a wooden frame house dating to the late 18th century.It remained in the Rider family until 1925. In the 1940s it was saved from demolition and restored the beginning of historic preservation efforts in the city. today it is home to the Danbury Museum and Historical Society.
 Floyd Bennett Field was New York City's first municipal airport later a naval air station and is now a park. While no longer used as an operational commercial military or general aviation airfield a section is still used as a helicopter base by the New York Police Department (NYPD).
 Charlottenborg Palace (Danish: Charlottenborg Slot) is a large town mansion located on the corner of Kongens Nytorv and Nyhavn in Copenhagen Denmark. Originally built as a residence for Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve it has served as the base of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts since its foundation in 1754. Today it also houses Kunsthal Charlottenborg an institution for contemporary art and Danmarks Kunstbibliotek the Royal Art Library.
 The Minsheng Bank Building (also known as Wuhan International Securities Building) is a supertall skyscraper located in Wuhan Hubei China. The 331 m (1086 ft) tall building was completed in 2008 and contains 68 floors. In April 2006 the building was topped out becoming the 18th-tallest building in the world.[citation needed] Currently it is the 32nd-tallest in the world[citation needed] and the 15th-tallest in China.[citation needed]
 Angela Hartnett at The Connaught also known as MENU was a restaurant owned by Gordon Ramsay Holdings and run by chef Angela Hartnett. It was located within The Connaught in Mayfair London. The restaurant was opened following Ramsay's successful opening of Gordon Ramsay at Claridge's within the Claridge's hotel which is owned by the same equity group.
 Tayloe Rogers House is a historic home located at Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1936-1937 and is a 1 1/2-story rustic Colonial Revival style dwelling. The main section is flanked by one-story wings. It has a gable roof and features large exterior end chimneys. The house is built of re-used materials from an earlier building on the property that had collapsed as well as other older structures in the area.
 The church of St Margaret Moses stood on the east side of Friday Street in the Bread Street ward of the City of London. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London of 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Centre at Forestville is an enclosed shopping mall located in Forestville Maryland. It is anchored by JCPenney and Target
 Fort Christian is a Danish-built fort in Charlotte Amalie Saint Thomas U.S. Virgin Islands. Governor Jørgen Iversen Dyppel led the second expeditionary force from Denmark to St. Thomas where he arrived on 25 May 1672; there he initiated construction of Fort Christian named after King Christian V. In the 18th century the fort was expanded and in 1874 a new entrance with a Victorian Clock tower was added. As the oldest standing structure in the U.S.
 World Trade Center Almeda Park is an international trade service and information centre in Cornellà de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona) Catalonia Spain. WTC Almeda Park has been in operation since June 2004. Currently consists of several buildings it is planned to build a skyscraper (Hotel WTC Almeda Park) with 28 floors and rise 94 metres.
 West Union Baptist Church is a Baptist congregation and historic church structure in West Union Oregon United States.
 Dresden Castle or Royal Palace (German: Dresdner Residenzschloss or Dresdner Schloss) is one of the oldest buildings in Dresden. For almost 400 years it has been the residence of the electors (1547–1806) and kings (1806–1918) of Saxony of the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
 St. Elmo is a historic residence on the National Register of Historic Places located in MidTown Columbus Georgia at 2808 18th Avenue.[citation needed].Colonel Seaborn Jones drew all the plans for his home and called it El Dorado land of beauty. The house was begun in 1828 and completed in 1833. The materials used to build this house with the exception of the marble and the mahogany were taken from the property itself. A small lake now fills the place where the clay was removed.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Glastonbury Somerset England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church is laid out in a cruciform plan with an aisled nave and a clerestorey of seven bays. The west tower has elaborate buttressing panelling and battlements.
 St. Carthage's Cathedral Lismore is a Church of Ireland cathedral in Lismore County Waterford. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin. Formerly the cathedral of the Diocese of Lismore it is now one of six cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cashel and Ossory.
 Camp Douglas was an internment camp for Prisoners of War (POW) during World War II located in the city of Douglas Wyoming United States. Between January 1943 and February 1946 in the camp housing first Italian and then German prisoners of war in the United States. While there are few remaining structures the walls of the Officer's Club were painted with murals by three Italian prisoners.
 The McKnight District is a predominanty residential neighborhood northeast of downtown Springfield Massachusetts. The area represents a planned residential development covering several hundred acres which was built out in the mid to late 19th century. The architects of the development were James and William McKnight who in addition to developing and enforcing construction guidelines in the area built and landscaped many of the properties.
 Dock Street Theatre is a theater in the historic French Quarter neighborhood of downtown Charleston South Carolina. The structure which was built as a hotel in 1809 and converted to a theater in 1935 occupies the site of the first building in the Thirteen Colonies designed for use as a theater.
 City Empiria is a skyscraper in Prague. It is the third tallest building in the Czech Republic with 104 meters in height. The construction of building was started in 1975. The Building was opened in 1977 as Motokov headquarters.In 2001 ECM Real Estate Investments bought the building and reconstructed it. In 2010 ECM sold the Building for CZK 1.8 billion to Generali PPF Holding.
 The Judge John C. Sweeney House is a historic home located at 1212 Chickasaw Road Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Skyline Drive is a 105-mile (169-km) road that runs the entire length of the National Park Service's Shenandoah National Park in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia generally along the ridge of the mountains. The scenic drive is particularly popular in the fall when the leaves are changing colors. Annually over two million people visit the Skyline Drive which has been designated a National Scenic Byway.
 Yorkshire House is a historic home located at Warrenton Fauquier County Virginia. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a two-story 13 bay brick dwelling in the Modern Movement style. It features a low-pitched slate roof a horizontal emphasis a curved corner with continuous steel windows a large glass block window an elliptical bay window with steel casements and a foliated geometric metal balustrade on the rear balcony.
 Amankila (meaning: Peaceful hill) is a luxury coastal hotel situated on the green hill of Indrakila near Manggis in Karangasem Regency in eastern Bali Indonesia. It is operated by Aman Resorts and was opened in March 1992.Lonely Planet describes Amankila as one of Bali's best resorts.
 Warren Lodge No. 32 is a historic Masonic lodge located in Shultzville New York. The Lodge was named for Revolutionary War hero Joseph Warren. Warren Lodge No. 32 then located in Millerton was chartered June 10 1807 by DeWitt Clinton Grand Master of Masons in New York. The lodge met in several locations but in 1864 is settled in Schultzville where Theodore Schultz had left it land and $2000 to build a lodge hall.
 The Houghton Memorial Building is a historic building at 4 Rogers Street in Littleton Massachusetts. The building was built in 1895 by architect Perkins & Betton in a Colonial Revival style. It presently houses the Reuben Hoar Library.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 18 1991.
 The Church of Santa Engrácia (Portuguese: Igreja de Santa Engrácia pronounced: [iˈɡɾeʒɐ dɨ ˈsɐ̃tɐ ẽˈɡɾasiɐ]) is a 17th-century monument of the city of Lisbon in Portugal. In the 20th century the church has been converted into the National Pantheon (Panteão Nacional pronounced: [pɐ̃tiˈɐ̃w̃ nɐsiuˈnaɫ]) in which important Portuguese personalities are buried. It is located in the neighbourhood of Alfama close to another important Lisbon monument the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora.
 Marina Promenade is a cluster of six residential towers located in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The six towers range in height from 77 m (250 ft) to 147 m (480 ft). The shortest tower has 23 floors while the tallest has 39 floors.
 Prudential is a Warsaw skyscraper built between 1931 and 1934 in the Art Deco style as the base for British Prudential Insurance. It is located on Warsaw Uprising Square along Świętokrzyska Street.At the time of construction it was the second tallest European skyscraper with eighteen stories (66 m). Built using a steel framework it was the tallest building in Warsaw until the Palace of Culture and Science was constructed.
 Hannah's Creek Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Benson North Carolina.It was built in 1834 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 Riverbend Maximum Security Institution is a prison in Nashville Tennessee operated by the Tennessee Department of Correction. The prison opened in 1989 and replaced its 100 year-old neighbor the Tennessee State Penitentiary. RMSI which is made up by 20 different buildings sits on 132 acres (0.53 km2) located off Cockrill Bend Boulevard in Nashville TN. Riverbend's designated capacity is 714 offenders.
 Berquist & Nelson Drugstore Building is a historic drugstore at 105 N. Main Street in Lindsborg Kansas.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Pierre Martin House is a French Colonial House located at the intersection of First Street and Old Route 3 in North Dupo Illinois. The house one of the oldest in Illinois was built circa 1790 in what was at the time the French village of Pierre du Pont which was established during a wave of French settlement in southwestern Illinois. It is one of six surviving poteaux-sur-sol buildings in Illinois and the only one owned by an upper-middle-class individual.
 The Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady Aparecida is a prominent Roman Rite Catholic basilica located in Aparecida Brazil. It is dedicated to Our Lady Aparecida (a variant of the Immaculate Conception) as the principal Patroness of Brazil. Its official title in Portuguese is Nossa Senhora da Conceição Aparecida roughly translated as Our Lady of Conception Who Appeared.
 The Mueller Bridge near La Vernia Texas also known as Bridge at McAlister Crossing is a Warren polygonal chord truss bridge that was built in 1915. It was built by the Alamo Construction Co.. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Panagia Pantobasilissa (Greek: Παναγία Παντοβασίλισσα Panagia the Queen of All) is one of the churches in Rafina Greece.Panagia Pantobasilissa's church was built in remembrance of the Byzantine church in Tirilye which hold the same name.
 Koyasan Beikoku Betsuin (高野山米国別院 Kōyasan Beikoku Betsuin Koyasan United States Branch Temple) also known as Koyasan Buddhist Temple is a Japanese Buddhist temple located in Los Angeles California USA in Little Tokyo. Founded in 1912 it is one of the oldest existing Buddhist temples in the North American region. The temple is a branch of the Koyasan Shingon Buddhism sect and is the North and South American regional headquarters for this sect.
 The William H. and Sarah D. Meneray House at 190 S 200 W in Springville Utah United States is a Late Victorian house built in c.1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Thomas P. Hardy House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home in Racine Wisconsin that was built in 1905. The house is unimpressive when seen from the street but striking when viewed from the Lake Michigan shoreline.Perched on a bluff overlooking Lake Michigan the house is built vertically up and down the hillside and has a partial basement. The design of the seven art glass windows on the first floor facing the street is an abstraction of the floorplan of the house itself.
 The Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help and St. Eugene (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Perpetuo Socorro y San Eugenio) popularly known as Iglesia de la Cruz de Carrasco (due to its location at an important crossing in Las Canteras north-east of Carrasco) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo Uruguay.There was a small chapel around 1943.
 The Gruene Family Home is a Victorian-style house that was constructed in 1872. The Gruene Family Home though not listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places is a contributing property to Gruene Historic District which was listed in 1975. Presently the home operates as the Gruene Mansion Inn and Bed and Breakfast in the Gruene Community of New Braunfels Texas.
 The Bullock-Clifton House is a historic home in the Deer Park neighborhood of Louisville Kentucky USA. It is the oldest known surviving wood-frame structure in Jefferson County.
 The Marich Buildings is a single two storey building located at the corner of Henry and High Streets in Fremantle Western Australia and dates from c1897; there were several single story shops on the site including one occupied by butchers Henry Albert & Co.The earliest building recorded on this site is the Royal Hotel in 1844.
 525 Market Street also known as First Market Tower is an office skyscraper at the southwest corner of First- and Market Streets in the financial district of San Francisco California. The 161 m (528 ft) 39 floor tower was the second largest office building by square footage in the city (after 555 California Street) when completed in 1973.
 St. Luke's United Church is located at 353 Sherbourne Street (on the southeast corner of Carlton and Sherbourne Streets) in Toronto. Originally built across the street from the old site of Toronto General Hospital it is now across from Allan Gardens. The building was originally home to Sherbourne Street Methodist Church later Sherbourne United. It merged with Carlton Street United in 1959 to create St. Luke's.
 One South Wacker is a 550 ft (168 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois United States. It was constructed from 1979 to 1982 and has 40 floors. Murphy/Jahn Inc. Architects designed the building which is tied for the 72nd tallest building in Chicago.The tower is featured in the music video for the Daft Punk song Burnin'.
 The Grace Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex in Massapequa Nassau County New York. The complex consists of the church surrounding parish cemetery the Floyd-Jones family cemetery and the DeLancey Floyd-Jones Free Library. The small church was built in 1844 and remodeled in 1905. It is a frame structure on a brick foundation and consists of a vestibule nave and chancel. It is in the Gothic Revival style and features a square bell tower with modest spire.
 Nicosia Old General Hospital was the main hospital of Nicosia Cyprus from 1936 to 2006. In 2006 its patients were transferred to the Nicosia New General Hospital and it was demolished in 2010 amidst some controversy over whether it should have been preserved.The decision for erecting a purpose built general hospital in Nicosia was taken during the British colonial administration of Cyprus in 1936. It was inaugurated on 14 April 1939 by the then British governor Richard Palmer.
 Rahim Khan mosque (Persian: مسجد رحیم خان‎) is a historical mosque in Isfahan Iran. It was built in the late 19th century. This mosque has an unusual combination of styles in architectural decorations. The shabestan of this mosque is one of the biggest shabestans in Isfahan.
 The Wertheimer Building is a commercial building at 101 S. Main St. in Hailey Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was built in 1889 and served as the first courthouse in Hailey; a jail was in its basement level. A second floor existed but was destroyed by fire and was not replaced.
 Meyers House in Hillsboro New Mexico was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The John W. McCormack Post Poffice and Courthouse formerly the United States Post Office Courthouse and Federal Building is an historic building at 5 Post Office Square in Boston Massachusetts. The twenty-two story 331-foot (101 m) skyscraper was built between 1931 and 1933 to house federal courts offices and post office facilities.
 The Temple of Olympian Zeus (or Olympeion; known in Italian as the Tempio di Giove Olimpico) in Agrigento Sicily was the largest Doric temple ever constructed although it was never completed and now lies in ruins. It stands in the Valle dei Templi with a number of other major Greek temples.
 The United Hebrew Congregation (or Congregation Achdut Yisroel) at 13788 Conway Road in St. Louis Missouri is a Reform Jewish synagogue. It is the first Jewish Congregation established west of the Mississippi River.
 Concord Monument Square-Lexington Road Historic District is an historic district on MA 2A in Concord Massachusetts. The square was laid out in 1635.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It may include Ralph Waldo Emerson House and Wright's Tavern which are both separately listed on the National Register and are both National Historic Landmarks as well.
 Democrat Building is located at 407-411 Brady Street Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Northgate Mall is a shopping mall in the Northgate district of north urban Seattle Washington. It is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond JCPenney Macy's and Nordstrom.
 Château de Mavaleix is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Minneapolis Armory is located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The armory was built for the Minnesota National Guard in 1935-36 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The armory was the costliest single building in Minnesota supported by a Public Works Administration grant. The building is an example of the PWA Moderne style a design characterized by strong geometry bold contouring and integrated sculpture ornamentation.
 The United States Penitentiary Lee (USP Lee) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp which houses minimum-security male offenders.USP Lee is located in the Lee County Industrial Park an unincorporated area in Lee County Virginia in the southwest part of the state. The prison is located off of U.S.
 The Mary Lee Nichols School located at 400-406 Pyramid Way in Sparks Nevada is a historic school that was built in 1917 and expanded in 1920 and 1927. It was designed by noted architect Frederick DeLongchamps and it was also a work of U. Bernasconi. DeLongchamps designed the 1920 and 1927 expansions as well. It includes Mission/spanish Revival architecture.
 The Worcester City Hall and Common the civic heart of the city are a historic city hall and town common at 455 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Common established in 1669 originally encompassed about 20 acres (8.1 ha) compared to its present size of 4.4 acres (1.8 ha). A meeting house used for both town meetings and religious functions was constructed on the Common in 1719 on the same site as the current City Hall.
 Williamsville Water Mill Complex is a historic mill located at Williamsville in Erie County New York. It was built originally as a sawmill in 1801 substantially enlarged in 1827 and operated in that capacity until 1903. Also on the site was the Water-Lime Works and Williamsville Cement Company mill which was later converted to be a gristmill. After 1908 the mills were used for apple cider production.
 Joseph Braman House is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built in the 1850s and is a 2-story three-bay frame building on a random-coursed stone foundation in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof flanking 1-story wings and a 1 1⁄2-story rear wing.
 MacKay United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa Canada. The church is located at the intersection of 39 Dufferin and MacKay at the southwest corner of the Rideau Hall estate. MacKay's present minister is Rev.Dr. John Montgomery.
 The Biosphère is a museum in Montreal dedicated to the environment. It is located at Parc Jean-Drapeau on Île Sainte-Hélène in the former pavilion of the United States for the 1967 World Fair Expo 67.
 The Charles Piggott House also known as Piggott's Castle is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house designed as a Romanesque Revival-style castle is Portland's only extant castle.
 The Sorlie Memorial Bridge also known as the Red River Bridge was built in 1929 by the Minneapolis Bridge Company to connect the cities of Grand Forks North Dakota and East Grand Forks Minnesota. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The Sorlie Memorial Bridge replaced a swing bridge on the same site that was constructed in 1889.
 The Opera Tower is a residential skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It was developed by Florida East Coast Realty and was completed in late 2007. The Opera Tower received its temporary certificate of occupancy on December 26 2007. The 55-story tower is located at 1750 North Bayshore Drive in Omni District just north of Downtown Miami and contains 635 luxury condominiums.
 Magnolia Park Town Center is a shopping center in Greenville South Carolina currently under construction. The shopping center will be mixed-use.
 The Lisbon Synagogue called Shaaré Tikvah (Gates of Hope) is a historical synagogue in the city of Lisbon in Portugal.There have been Jews in Lisbon at least since the Middle Ages but the community suffered a major blow in 1497 when an edict by King Manuel I ordered Jews either to convert to Christianity or to leave the country. All synagogues of Lisbon were confiscated by the King and given to Christian religious orders.
 The US Post Office—Holyoke Main is a historic post office building at 650 Dwight Street in Holyoke Massachusetts. It opened in 1935 as a replacement for an earlier post office location at 31 Main Street. The Art Deco building a stylistic rarity in Holyoke was built for a total cost (including land and construction) of $284000. The main construction material was limestone with granite detailing. Inside it has a mural painted in the 1930s depicting the early settlement of Holyoke.
 Östanå Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The Grand Hotel is a historic hotel in New Ulm Minnesota United States. The private commercial structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on June 21 1990. The building is notable because of its association with the development of New Ulm's business district and as an example of Italianate architecture in a commercial building.
 Eisenberg Castle is a medieval hilltop castle ruin north of Pfronten Bavaria Germany built in the 14th century.The castle of Eisenberg was built shortly after 1313 when the nobles of Hohenegg deriving from the West of the Allgau were deprived by force of their castle Loch by the Tyrolean. In consequence they moved a few miles further north to establish their new lordship of Eisenberg which centred round a mighty new castle: Eisenberg.
 Fort Kamehameha was a United States Army military base that was the site of several coastal artillery batteries to defend Pearl Harbor starting in 1907 in Honolulu Hawaii.
 St. Michael's Church (German: Michaelerkirche) is one of the oldest churches in Vienna Austria and also one of its few remaining Romanesque buildings. Dedicated to the Archangel Michael St. Michael's Church is located at Michaelerplatz across from St. Michael's Gate at the Hofburg Palace. St.
 Sudbury Benedictine Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Bannister Mall was a shopping mall in the southeast corner of Kansas City Missouri opened on August 6 1980. After nearly 27 years of operation the mall closed on May 31 2007. It was originally anchored by Dillard's (formerly Macy's) JCPenney The Jones Store and Sears.
 Shady Grove Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Logan Alabama. Built in 1892 it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1999 and the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Larz Anderson Auto Museum is located on the grounds of Larz Anderson Park in Brookline Massachusetts and is the oldest collection of motorcars in the United States.The museum is a non-profit educational institution with community events lectures children’s programs walking tours of the park and an ever-changing series of exhibits on motor vehicles and the automobile's impact on society and culture.
 The Hechal Yehuda Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת היכל יהודה‎ Beit haKnesset Hechal Yehuda) also commonly known as the Recanati synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת רקנטי‎ Beit haKnesset Recanati) is one of approximately 500 synagogues in the second largest city of Israel Tel Aviv.
 Albion is a village and historic district in Lincoln Rhode Island in the United States.Albion is home to several mill buildings churches and the Kirkbrae Country Club golf course. The historic Blackstone River flows through the center of the mill village with a walking path running along the river. Albion Falls is a waterfall along the Blackstone River and the Albion Bridge crosses the river just downstream from Albion Dam built in 1916 to power Albion Mill now a condominium complex.
 Camden State Park is a state park on the Redwood River in southwestern Minnesota near Marshall. It is used for picnics camping hiking and other outdoor recreation.The park was acquired in 1934 and development started in 1935 with workers from the Veterans Conservation Corps an offshoot of the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 The Old Hendry County Courthouse (constructed in 1926) is a historic courthouse in LaBelle Florida located at the corner of Bridge Street and Hickpochee Avenue. It was designed in the Mediterranean Revival-Mission Revival styles by noted architect Edward Columbus Hosford. On November 8 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Claridon Congregational Church is a historic church building on U.S. Route 322 in Claridon Township in Geauga County Ohio.The Greek Revival meetinghouse was constructed in 1831 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The congregational is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
 Clarke Mills is a historic textile factory building in Jackson Alabama. It was designed in the Moderne style by H.B. Bieberstein. The facility was completed in 1939 and was occupied by the Vanity Fair Corporation throughout much of its history. Clarke Mills was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 1998.
 Sacred Heart-Saint Wenceslaus Church in Pine Creek Wisconsin referred to in Polish as Kościół Najświętszego Serca Pana Jezusa i Świętego Wacława is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse. It is known simply as Sacred Heart.
 County Square is a shopping centre in Ashford Kent England. It is one of three main shopping facilities in the town others being Park Mall and the Ashford Designer Outlet.
 Church Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Nassau in Rensselaer County New York. It consists of 36 contributing buildings located along Church Street. They include a variety of residential and ecclesiastical building. New England Federal style buildings predominate with a number of notable Victorian period buildings including a Second Empire residence dated to the 1870s. Notable churches include St.
 Frederik's Church (Danish: Frederiks Kirke) popularly known as The Marble Church (Marmorkirken) for its architecture is an Evangelical Lutheran church in Copenhagen Denmark. It is located just west of Amalienborg Palace.
 The Richard O'Brien Three-Decker is a historic triple-decker at 43 Suffolk Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1890 and was noted for its well-preserved Queen Anne styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. A number of these details including cut shingle panels between the windows of the projecting front bay and the turned posts and decorative brackets of the porch have been lost or obscured (see photo).
 Villa Chiericati (also known as Villa Chiericati-Rigo) is a villa at Vancimuglio in the Veneto northern Italy. It was designed for Giovanni Chiericati by the architect Andrea Palladio in the early 1550s. Palladio also designed the family's town house Palazzo Chiericati in Vicenza.In 1996 UNESCO included the villa in the World Heritage Site City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto.
 Calvary Hospital originally Lewisham Hospital is a private hospital founded by Sisters of the Little Company of Mary in 1926 and built to a design by architect William Monks. It is located in Wagga Wagga New South Wales Australia.
 All Saints Church Bakewell is the parish church of Bakewell Derbyshire. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Tomb of Lê Văn Duyệt (Vietnamese: Lăng Tả quân Lê Văn Duyệt) also known as Tomb of the Marshal in Ba Chieu (Lăng Ông Bà Chiểu) is a Vietnamese tomb located in Bình Thạnh District Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. The tomb was originally built for Marshal Lê Văn Duyệt and his wife but later became some other Nguyễn Dynasty's mandarins worship house.
 Our Lady and the English Martyrs (OLEM) is a Catholic parish church located at the junction of Hills Road and Lensfield Road in south east Cambridge England. The large Gothic Revival church was built between 1885 and 1890.
 Walk of Fame (Romanian: Aleea Celebrităților) is a project organized by Cocor and Metropolis Theater by way of actors are honored they receiving a star on the boulevard in Time Square (Romanian: Piața Timpului) in Bucharest Romania. Criterion of choice of actors depends on the month in which they were born. The project is similar to that in Łódź Poland and is inspired by the Hollywood Walk of Fame in Los Angeles United States. The Walk of Fame was inaugurated on January 31 2011.
 Fifth Third Bank Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1983 and has 17 floors. It is primarily used for office space.
 The Canadian Automotive Museum is an automobile museum located in Oshawa Ontario. The museum features many Canadian-made cars as the automobile industry specifically the Canadian division of the General Motors known as General Motors Canada which has always been at the forefront of Oshawa's economy.The museum was opened in 1961 by a group of Oshawa businessmen.
 The West Farnam Apartments are located at 3817 Dewey Avenue in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. The building was reportedly the first luxury apartment building constructed in Omaha.
 Threadneedles Hotel (formerly head offices of the London City and Midland Bank headquarters) is a 5-star London hotel with 74 rooms and suites. The hotel is located opposite the Bank of England on Threadneedle Street.
 The Carnegie Library Building in Carroll Iowa is a building from 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Liverpool Women's Hospital is a major obstetrics gynaecology and neonatology research hospital in Liverpool England. It is one of several specialist hospitals located within the Liverpool City Region; alongside Alder Hey Children's Hospital Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital The Walton Centre and Clatterbridge Cancer Centre.
 Sushi of Gari is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 402 East 78th Street (between First Avenue and York Avenue) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.It opened in 1997. The restaurant is known as having an obsessive cult following.The chef and owner at nearby Sushi Seki who uses only the name Seki spent five years at Sushi of Gari.
 Wildcat Creek Bridge is a covered bridge built in 1925 at Austa near Walton in the U.S. state of Oregon. It uses Howe truss engineering and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The 75-foot (23 m) bridge carries Austa Road over Wildcat Creek near its confluence with the Siuslaw River.The bridge is among those for which Lane County minted commemorative coins between 2005 and July 2012 for sale to the public to raise funds to maintain and repair covered bridges.
 South Stoneham House is a Grade II* listed former manor house in Swaythling Southampton; the former seat of the Barons Swaythling before the family moved to the nearby Townhill Park House. The building is currently owned by the University of Southampton and until recently was used as a hall of residence part of the Wessex Lane Halls.Originally called Bishop's Stoneham the records of the manor date from Domesday but the current house was constructed in the early eighteenth century.
 Rich Bottom Farm is a historic home located near Purcellville Loudoun County Virginia. The house was built in three sections between about 1780 and 1820. It is a two-story limestone and brick structure with a side gable roof in the Federal style. The front facade features an eight bay full-width frame porch. Also on the property are the contributing two-story limestone spring house and limestone smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Kimberly Mansion is a historic house in Glastonbury Connecticut. It was the home of Abby and Julia Evelina Smith political activists involved in causes including abolitionism and women's suffrage. By contesting the assessment on their property and protesting against taxation without representation they brought international attention to the cause of Women's rights.The Smith family hosted abolitionist meetings and lectures at their home and on their lawn.
 For other temples called Beth-El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is a synagogue located in San Antonio Texas USA. Originally founded in 1874 it is the oldest synagogue in South Texas. The current temple at the corner of Belknap and W. Ashby just north of San Antonio Community College.
 St. Aidan's Church Basford is a parish church in the Church of England in Basford Nottingham.
 The Ayres L. Bramble House is a historic residence on the eastern side of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in the Greek Revival style of architecture in 1815 it is primarily a wooden building featuring weatherboarded walls and other elements of wood. Two stories tall the house features a Neoclassical entrance portico with fluted columns in the Doric order.
 The Woodbridge House is a historic house at 293 Salem Street in Andover Massachusetts. It was built for George Woodbridge a cordwainer sometime between 1847 and 1852. The financially troubled Woodbridge sold the property in 1853 and has been through a succession of owners since.
 Locust Grove also known as the Goodwin Farm is a historic home located at Rapidan Culpeper County Virginia. The original section was built about 1730 and expanded in at least four major building campaigns over the next half-century. It had its present configuration by 1840. The house is a 1 1/2-story four bay log and frame structure featuring a central chimney two-room plan main block flanked by early gable-end lean-tos and rear additions.
 The Whittenton Mills Complex is a historic textile mill site located on Whittenton Street in Taunton Massachusetts on the banks of the Mill River. The site has been used for industrial purposes since 1670 when James Leonard built an iron forge on the west bank of the river. The first textile mill was built in 1805 and expanded throughout the 19th century.
 Xerox Tower is a skyscraper in downtown Rochester New York standing at 443 feet (135 m) tall. The tower is the centerpiece of a roughly 2.7 acres (1.1 ha) complex named Xerox Square. When it was built in 1967 it was the tallest building made of poured-in-place exposed aggregate concrete. It is the tallest building in Rochester as well as the third tallest building in New York outside of New York City.
 Mission Center Mall was a small mall in Mission Kansas located on a block of land wedged between four major roads including Shawnee Mission Parkway and Johnson Drive and Roe Boulevard and Roeland Drive. The 350000 sq ft (33000 m2). mall opened in 1989 replacing the former Mission Shopping Center that was destroyed. In 2006 Mission Center Mall was closed and demolished and the property vacated.
 Mercy Willard Hospital is a hospital in Willard Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.
 Ukrainian Museum of National History was built in 1937-1939 by architect Joseph Karakis in Kiev.
 The Sant’Orsola-Malpighi Polyclinic (official Italian name: Azienda ospedaliero-universitaria Policlinico Sant’Orsola Malpighi) is a university and public hospital. It is the first of the four “top” hospitals of the city of Bologna Italy (Ospedale Maggiore Istituto Ortopedico Rizzoli Ospedale Bellaria).The Polyclinic has approximately 1362 beds and 5666 employees (870 doctors).
 Swampscott Fish House is a historic fishing supply storage house off Humphrey Street on Fisherman's Beach in Swampscott Massachusetts. It is the oldest active fish house in the country.The Shingle style house was built in 1896 on land taken by eminent domain. The Fish House consolidated the many fishing structures that stretched along the oceanfront obscuring views of the ocean and subtracting from the area's appeal as a swimming beach.
 The Contemporary arts museum Isfahan is located in a building from the Safavid era. A lot of changes has been done to the building during the Qajar era. The building has been decorated by stuccoed forms which are the principal architectural feature of Qajar epoche. There are many patterns of flowers and vase which are a distinctive feature of decoration in the Qajar age.
 St Wilfrid's Alford is the Church of England parish church in Alford Lincolnshire England. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Hotel de l'Europe is a five-star hotel located on the Amstel river in the centre of Amsterdam the Netherlands. Hotel de l'Europe is situated opposite and overlooking the Munt where the river Amstel flows into the Rokin canal. The 19th-century hotel became an official monument (rijksmonument) in 2001. Since 2012 the hotel houses 1 Michellin star with its restaurant Bord'eau.Freddy's Bar the bar of the hotel is named after Freddy Heineken.
 The U.S. Customhouse is a historic custom house located in San Francisco California. It was built to house offices of the United States Customs Service.
 Maltesholm Castle (Swedish: Maltesholms slott) is a large manor house located in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. The castle has been passed down for generations and is now the private residence of the Baron Palmstierna. The beautiful garden is open to the public.
 The Lozier House and Van Riper Mill is located in Midland Park Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house and mill were added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 10 1975.
 The Museum of Chincoteague Island located at 7125 Maddox Boulevard Chincoteague Virginia United States celebrates the people culture and heritage of Chincoteague Island. Exhibits cover the entire history of the island from prehistoric times to today and include the first-order Fresnel lens from the nearby Assateague Light as well as the 6th order Fresnel lens from the Ft. Washington Light on the Potomac.
 Edwin Forrest School is a historic school building located in the Mayfair neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1928-1929. It is a three-story eight-bay yellow brick building in the Art Deco style. It features an arched entryway with terra cotta trim terra cotta cornice and brick parapet. It was named for actor Edwin Forrest (1806-1872).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Museum of Latin American Art (MOLAA) was founded by Dr. Robert Gumbiner in 1996 in Long Beach California United States and serves the greater Los Angeles area. MOLAA is the only museum in the United States dedicated to modern and contemporary Latin American art.Since its inception MOLAA has doubled its size added a 15000 sq. ft. sculpture garden and expanded its permanent collection ranging from works by Tamayo and Matta to Cruz-Díez Los Carpinteros and Tunga.
 Westport Community Church (Temperance Hall; Music Hall) is a historic church on Main Road ME 144 in Westport Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Martin's Mill Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Antrim Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It is a 205-foot-long (62 m) Town lattice truss bridge constructed in 1849. It crosses Conococheague Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Claymont Court or simply Claymont is a Georgian style brick mansion the grandest of several built near Charles Town West Virginia for members of the Washington family. The current house was built in 1840 by Bushrod Corbin Washington grand-nephew of George Washington to replace a house that was originally built in 1820 but burned in 1838. The house was purchased in 1899 by author Frank Stockton who lived there until his death in 1902. In 1943 Claymont was bought by industrialist R.J.
 The Infinity Tower is a 249-metre (817 ft) skyscraper by Meriton recently constructed at 43 Herschel Street Brisbane Australia. It has been the tallest building in Brisbane since surpassing Soleil in 2013.It contains 81 levels of serviced apartments and residential apartments totalling 549 units. It is situated on a relatively small site and is part of the North Quarter district of the Brisbane CBD.
 The Micajah T. Singleton House is an historic 1891 residence in DeSoto County Florida. It is located in Arcadia Florida at 711 West Hickory Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 6 2013.The home is one of the few remaining examples in Arcadia of a large frame vernacular architecture pioneer home. It was constructed of heart yellow pine.Micajah T.
 The Bronco Student Center is a student activity center for meetings conferences meals recreation and shopping for students and alumni on the campus of Cal Poly Pomona in Pomona California. The building houses Cal Poly Pomona Associated Students government offices as well as other student-run departments. The original building was built in 1976 and was designed by architecture instructor James Pulliam.
 Lake George Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. The district contains 20 contributing buildings on 14 properties; 12 houses and eight garages. It includes single-family homes built between 1919 and 1921 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management. The houses share a common American Craftsman influenced bungalow style.
 Nauvoo Historic District is a historic district containing the city of Nauvoo Illinois.
 Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Cazenovia New York in Madison County New York. It is a cobblestone building built in the Greek Revival style about 1840. It consists of a 2-story main block flanked by a 1 1⁄2-story service wing. It is built of coursed rounded stones set in mortar. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Tradewinds Hotel is a luxury hotel in Ottoville American Samoa.The hotel features a 20 acre beachfront and contains 104 guest rooms 43 suites and 8 large suites. is served by the Equator restaurant which uses inspiration from local Samoan cooking the cook American European Pacific and Asian cuisine.The hotel hosted the Miss Island Queen Pageant in 2009.
 The Arlington Coal & Lumber Company building is a historic commercial and civic building at 41 Park Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The distinctive Gothic Revival wood frame structure was built c. 1875 and has seen a variety of uses. Its upper floor was used as a meeting space and was where political meetings religious services and social events took place along with civic activities such as theater productions dance classes and fraternal society meetings.
 The 1440 Canal also formerly known as the Tidewater Building and Tidewater Place located at 1440 Canal Street in the Medical District of the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is officially a 24-story 288 feet (88 m)-tall high-rise building designed in the by Kessels-Diboll-Kessels.
 The First Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (Chinese: 新疆医科大学第一附属医院) is a teaching hospital in the western border of area of Urumqi Xinjiang China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University. Founded in 1956 together with the university the hospital is a college of clinical medicine affiliated with XMU.
 St. Paul’s Church George Street was a Church of England church built as a Chapel of Ease to St. Mary's Church Nottingham. It was opened in 1822 and closed in 1924.
 Heiligenburg Castle (German: Burg Heiligenburg) is a castle on the mountain of Heiligenberg in the district of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.Heilgenberg is a 393 m (1289 ft) high mountain close to the town of Felsberg-Gensungen in North Hesse. The mountain is the remains of an extinct Miocene volcano of which only the basalt that filled the neck of the volcano remains.
 Forth House is a historic home located at Livingston in Columbia County New York. It was built between 1835 and 1840 and is a large classically proportioned hipped roof structure in the Greek Revival style. It was the last major high-style sophistocated masonry dwelling built for the Livingston family.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Collins Place is a shopping and office complex in Melbourne Victoria Australia. Built in 1981 it comprises two office buildings (35 and 55 Collins Street) and a shopping mall in between. Also located at 35 Collins Street is Sofitel Melbourne on Collins.
 The Ware Millyard Historic District encompasses a 19th-century mill complex and industrial mill village in the town of Ware Massachusetts. It is roughly bounded by South Street the Ware River Upper Dam Complex Park Street Otis Avenue and Church Street. The area includes surviving mill buildings the oldest of which date to the 1840s and a collection of tenement-style housing built for the millworkers built between 1845 and the 1880s.
 Marion Cultural Centre opened on the 23 November 2001. The building designed by Melbourne architects Ashton Raggat McDougall (ARM) in collaboration with the Adelaide studio of Phillips/Pilkington Architects (PP) is located in Marion Adelaide The Cultural Centre was funded by the Marion City Council to create a cultural meeting place for the community of Marion.
 The Cathedral of Saint Ferdinand of Maldonado (Spanish: Catedral de San Fernando de Maldonado) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Maldonado Uruguay. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Maldonado-Punta del Este.A first church was built in Spanish colonial times. The construction of the present Neoclassical building was started in 1801 but the English Invasions interrupted the works. It was finally inaugurated in 1895 by Archbishop Mariano Soler.
 Tamilnadu Government Multi-Super-Speciality Hospital is a 400-bed government-owned super-speciality hospital in Chennai India.
 Glanusk Park is an estate in Wales United Kingdom. It is situated near Crickhowell Powys. It was established in 1826 by a 'retired' ironmaster Sir Joseph Bailey. The park features in the hereditary title Baron Glanusk which was given to Sir Joseph's grandson Sir Joseph Russell Bailey in 1899. At that time Baron Glanusk was the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire. Glanusk Park and Estate is privately owned by the Legge-Bourke family.
 St. Peter's and St. Paul's Orthodox Church Parumala (Parumala Pally) is a prominent parish church of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
 St. Mary's Malankara Syrian Catholic Cathedral Pattom Trivandrum is the central place of worship of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church. It is the See of the Major Archbishop-Catholicos of Trivandrum. The tombs of the Servant of God Archbishop Geevarghese Mar Ivanios Archbishop Benedict Mar Gregorios and of Major Archbishop Cyril Baselios Catholicos are there.
 AtlantiCare is a health system based in Atlantic County NJ serving southeastern New Jersey. An integrated system of services it includes AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center the AtlantiCare Foundation AtlantiCare Physician Group and AtlantiCare Health Solutions an accountable care organization. The AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center consists of two hospitals—the Atlantic City Campus in Atlantic City New Jersey and the Mainland Campus in Pomona New Jersey.
 Sultan Ghari (Hindi: सुल्तान ग़ारी Urdu: سلطان غاری‎) was the first Islamic Mausoleum (tomb) built in 1231 AD for Prince Nasiru'd-Din Mahmud eldest son of Iltumish in the “funerary landscape of Delhi” in the Malakapur village (near Vasant Kunj). Iltumish was the third Sultan of the Slave Dynasty who ruled in Delhi from 1210 to 1236 AD.
 The Boyana Church (Bulgarian: Боянска църква Boyanska tsarkva) is a medieval Bulgarian Orthodox church situated on the outskirts of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria in the Boyana quarter.
 The Christchurch Arts Centre was a hub for arts crafts and entertainment in Christchurch New Zealand. It is located in the neo-gothic former University of Canterbury buildings the majority of which were designed by Benjamin Mountfort. It is listed as a Category I building (register number 7301) by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 Farmers Bank of Fredericksburg also known as The National Bank of Fredericksburg is a historic bank building located at Fredericksburg Virginia. It was built in 1819-1820 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular red brick building in the Federal style. It features a slate covered front gable roof with a lunette window in the front pediment wide cornice three pairs of brick chimneys and engaged pedestal columns with full entablature on the front facade.
 The House at 42 Hopkins Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is an excellent early example of an Italianate house. Built c. 1850 the 2.5 story wood frame structure is an early example of balloon framing (replacing the earlier mortise and tenon style). It is three bays wide with wide eaves and double brackets. Its front entry is sheltered by Colonial Revival portico added around the turn of the 20th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Woodcliff Burials are an archaeological site located near Inglewood Nebraska United States. Located in the middle of farmland the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Christ United Church of Christ also known as The Little German Church is a United Church of Christ church located in Baltimore Maryland. It was formerly a German Reformed church.
 The Masonic Temple is a historic building located at Fairmont Marion County West Virginia. It was built in 1906-1907 and is a large five-story three bay mixed use commercial building with a mezzanine a balcony a partial sixth floor and a full basement. It measures 55 feet wide 109 feet deep and 90 feet high. The buildings has a steel and reinforced concrete structure and is faced in beige brick with extensive terra cotta detailing. The building was commissioned by Fairmont Lodge No.
 The Château de Montgobert in the midst of the Forest of Retz near Soissons in Montgobert Aisne Picardy is a neoclassical French château that was built for Antoine Pierre Desplasses between 1768-1775 on the site of an ancient seigneurie.The château which has the air of an English Palladian house with four Ionic columns under an arced pediment raised upon a high rusticated basement was owned by Pauline Bonaparte Napoleon's sister and wife of General Charles Leclerc who employed Pierre-François-Léonard Fontaine to raise the house by adding an attic storey about 1798 and transformed the parterre into a terrace overlooking the park which was re-landscaped in the naturalistic fashion à l'anglaise with meadows and clumps of trees and specimens against a background of woodland. 
 The Church of the Assumption of Our Lady commonly known as the Rotunda of Mosta or Rotunda of St Marija Assunta (sometimes shortened to as The Mosta Dome) is a Roman Catholic church in Mosta Malta. It is the fourth largest unsupported dome in the world and the third largest in Europe.Built in the 19th century on the site of a previous church it was designed by the Maltese architect Giorgio Grognet de Vassé.
 The Manhattan Municipal Building at 1 Centre Street in New York City is a 40-story building built to accommodate increased governmental space demands after the 1898 consolidation of the city's five boroughs. Construction began in 1907 and ended in 1914 marking the end of the City Beautiful movement in New York. William M. Kendall of the noted architectural firm McKim Mead and White designed the building which was the first to incorporate a New York City Subway station into its base.
 The Electric City Trolley Museum is located in downtown Scranton Pennsylvania next to the Steamtown National Historic Site.The museum displays and operates restored trolleys and interurbans on former lines of the Lackawanna and Wyoming Valley Railroad now owned by the government of Lackawanna County and operated by the Delaware-Lackawanna Railroad.In 2006 the museum opened a 2000-foot extension connecting the county's trolley line from the Steamtown National Historic Site to a new station and trolley restoration facility next to PNC Field in Moosic Pennsylvania. 
 St Katharine's Church is an Anglican parish church in the village of Knockholt and the Sevenoaks deanery. St Katharine's and St Margaret's came together in 1983 as a United Benefice under one parish priest. The pattern of services reflects the fact that it is two parishes working closely together. The church has been designated a Grade B listed building by English Heritage.
 Merestead also known as the former Sloane Estate is a historic home located at Mount Kisco Westchester County New York. It was the country estate of William Sloane president of W. & J. Sloane. It includes a neo-Georgian mansion completed in 1907. It was designed by Delano and Aldrich and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular mansion with open porches on the ends and a 1 1⁄2-story service wing. Also on the property are 12 other contributing buildings: a garden house (c. 1907) two garages (c.
 The Château de Cinq-Mars is a castle in the commune of Cinq-Mars-la-Pile in the Indre-et-Loire département of France.The castle was built in the 12th century with asignificant additions and alterations from the 13th 15th and 16th centuries.
 The River Road School is located in Lyndhurst Bergen County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1893 and is the home of the Lyndhurst Historical Society. The schoolhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 11 1977.
 St John the Divine Richmond in the Anglican Diocese of Southwark is a Grade II listed church on Kew Road in Richmond London in the Early Gothic Revival architectural style. It was built from 1831 to 1836 on a site provided by local resident and landowner William Selwyn QC (1775–1855); the architect was Lewis Vulliamy.Richmond grew rapidly during the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
 Ho Tung Gardens also known by its Cantonese name 'Hiu Kok Yuen' was a villa on the Peak Hong Kong China. It was built by Robert Hotung and his wife Clara in 1927. They referred to it as The Falls but it later became known as Ho Tung Gardens.In 2011 it was listed as a Grade I historic building by the Antiquities Advisory Board (AAB).
 US Post Office-Tonawanda is a historic post office building located at Tonawanda in Erie County New York United States. It was designed and built 1939-1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and features a central pavilion crowned by a cupola and flanked by end pavilions with gable roofs.
 St Dionis Backchurch was a parish church in the Langbourn ward of the City of London. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt after the Great Fire of London to the designs of Christopher Wren and demolished in 1878.
 For other museums of this name see Canterbury Museum.The Canterbury Museum is a museum located in the central city of Christchurch New Zealand in the city's Cultural Precinct. The museum was established in 1867 with Julius Haast - whose collection formed its core - as its first director. The building is registered as a Historic Place - Category I  by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 Capital Tower (Chinese: 资金大厦) is a 52-storey 254 m (833 ft) skyscraper completed in 2000 in the Shenton Way-Tanjong Pagar financial district of Singapore. It is the fourth tallest skyscraper in the city. Formerly planned as the POSBank's headquarters ownership of the building was transferred to CapitaLand and became the company's flagship building and was then named after the company.Capital Tower has 52 floors served by five shuttle double-deck lifts.
 The InterContinental Bucharest is a highrise five star hotel situated near University Square Bucharest in sector 1 and is also a landmark of the city. It is 77 m tall and has 25 floors containing 283 guest rooms operated by InterContinental Hotels Group.
 The Lebanon Southern Pacific Railroad Depot is a former railway station located in Lebanon Oregon Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was constructed in 1908 for use by the Southern Pacific Company (SP) to replace an 1880 depot that had become too small for the amount of traffic it was handling. It was designed from the start to serve both freight and passenger traffic.
 Savoy Cinema is on Derby Road in Nottingham. It is the only surviving pre-Second World War cinema in Nottingham.
 The Shrine of the Cloak (Pashto: Kerqa Sharif) is located adjacent to the main mosque in Kandahar Afghanistan. It contains the Kerqa a cloak believed to have been worn by Islam's Prophet Muhammad. It is therefore widely held to be one of the holiest Islamic sites in Afghanistan and even considered by some as the heart of Afghanistan.The building's exteriors are of green marble from Lashkar Gah with tiled surfaces and gilded archways.
 The Greenfield Elementary School (Pittsburgh Pennsylvania) in the Greenfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Little Horkesley Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 The Threefoot Building is a historic building located in downtown Meridian Mississippi. The building is the tallest building in the city standing 16 stories tall. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979 under the Meridian Multiple Property Submission and it was listed as a Mississippi Landmark in 2008. It was built in 1929 as Meridian's Art Deco Center but is now abandoned. The site was added to the America's Most Endangered Places in 2010.
 The Raymond Theater is located in Raymond Washington. It was built in 1928 by Asef G. Basil with 360 seats and a Hope-Jones Wurlitzer theater organ. The Raymond is presently owned by the city of Raymond and is operated as a community theater.
 The Galerie des machines (officially Palais des machines) was a pavilion built for the Exposition Universelle (1889) in Paris.It was located in the Grenelle district. The huge pavilion was made of iron steel and glass and was by far the largest vaulted building to have yet been built. It was reused for the 1900 exposition and later used as a velodrome agricultural exhibition hall and for other purposes. It was demolished in 1910 to open up the view along the Champ de Mars.
 Lindbergh Forest is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located off Chapman Highway (US-441) in South Knoxville that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an historic district. Initially developed in the late 1920s as one of Knoxville's first automobile suburbs the neighborhood is now noted for its late-1920s and early-1930s residential architecture and the use of East Tennessee marble detailing.
 Whiteford (Price) Archeological Site also known as Whiteford Site or Price Site or 14SA1 is an archaeological site near Salina Kansas that was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1964. The National Park Service webpage for the site describes it as follows (complete text):This prehistoric village and cemetery representative of the Smoky Hill Culture which dates to about 1000-1350 AD provides a record of the early Central Plains Village period in Kansas.
 The Andrew Dickson White House commonly referred to as the A.D. White House is a Second Empire house on the campus of Cornell University designed by William Henry Miller and Charles Babcock. It currently houses the Cornell University Society for the Humanities.The house was commissioned in 1871 by Andrew Dickson White its namesake and co-founder and first president of the university.
 The G.A. Burnham House is an historic house at 17 Nickerson Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1902 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is an Anglo-Catholic Episcopal parish in Asheville North Carolina in the Episcopal Diocese of Western North CarolinaIts historic redbrick Gothic Revival church was designed by Richard S. Smith and Chauncey Beadle and built in 1914. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Biever House is a historic home located at South Annville Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1814 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay wide limestone residence in a vernacular Georgian style. It has a gable roof with dormers and a two-story two-bay stone addition dated to the mid-19th century. The addition has a two-story frame porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is a contributing property in the Annville Historic District.
 Overlook Hospital is a 504-bed non-profit teaching hospital located in Summit New Jersey United States 20 miles west of New York City. On a hill in the center of the city the hospital is one of Summit's three largest employers and offers medical services to Summit and surrounding communities in northern New Jersey.
 The Adelec Buildings located at 28-36 High Street Fremantle were constructed in 1906 by the trustees of Captain Edward Henry Fothergills estate. For many years 32 High Street was known as Fothergill's Building. The buildings were designed by F.W.Burwell and constructed by J McCracken.There have been many tenants including The Sunday Times and The Daily News.The buildings are listed on the Register of the National Estate.
 Hill Hall at Savannah State College also known as Walter Bernard Hill Hall and built between 1900 and 1901 by students studying manual arts and blacksmithing was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. The building was named for Dr. Walter Barnard Hill.
 The Opana Radar Site is a National Historic Landmark and IEEE Milestone that commemorates the first operational use of radar by the United States in wartime during the attack on Pearl Harbor. It is located off the Kamehameha Highway just inland from the north shore of Oahu Hawaii south of Kawela Bay. It is not open to the public.
 Hotel Anglo-Hispano was a hotel in Algeciras Spain. It is now used as office space.
 The James A. Michener Art Museum is a private non-profit museum in Doylestown Bucks County Pennsylvania founded in 1988 and named for the Pulitzer Prize–winning writer James A. Michener a Doylestown resident. It is situated within the old stone walls of a historic 19th-century prison and houses a collection of Bucks County visual arts along with holdings of 19th- and 20th-century American art.
 Washington Park (formerly Western Division of South Park also Park No. 21) is a 372-acre (1.5 km2) park between Cottage Grove Avenue and Martin Luther King Drive (originally known as Grand Boulevard) located at 5531 S. Martin Luther King Dr. in the Washington Park community area on the South Side of Chicago in Cook County Illinois. It was named for President George Washington in 1880.
 The Hancock & Lant Tower also known as iQuarter is a 52-metre apartment block in Sheffield England completed in 2008. It is named and was built in lieu of the Hancock and Lant furniture company formerly occupying the site.
 South Reading Academy is a historic former school building at 7 Foster Street in Wakefield Massachusetts in the United States. The large two story wood frame structure was built c. 1828–29 for the First Baptist Church as an academy and meeting house and was one of the earliest of its kind. The Baptists used it until 1847 when the town acquired the building for use as a public high school.
 The Midgley Museum is a city-owned museum located in the city of Enid Oklahoma.The museum's exhibits include a large mineral and rock collection that features a 7000-pound petrified stump and fluorescent rocks that must be viewed under a black light.
 Manman-ji (万満寺)is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Matsudo in Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple was built by Chiba Yoritane in 1256 originally as a Shingon Buddhist temple named Dainichi-ji but was renamed Manman-ji in 1312.Between 1532 and 1555 Takagi Tanetatsu a regional leader invited the Rinzai Zen priest Kinho from Daitoku-ji in Kyoto to the region. Over the next several years the area gained many adherents to Rinzai Zen and Manman-ji became an important place of worship.
 William Allison House is a historic home located at Gregg Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1880 and is a three-story rectangular brick building measuring 42 feet across and 32 feet deep in the Victorian Gothic style architecture. A two story frame rear extension was built in 1890. It features a steep roof and has a variety of gable ends bargeboards and windows.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Ganondagan State Historic Site also known as Boughton Hill is a New York State Native American historic site in Ontario County New York in the USA. The historic site is in the Town of Victor southwest of the Village of Victor. It consists of two areas: a 245-acre (99 ha) Boughton Hill portion is a National Historic Landmark and the Fort Hill portion of 33 acres (13 ha) is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sichuan Food is a Sichuan cuisine restaurant in Amsterdam Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 1993-2005.The Michelin star awarded in 1993 to the restaurant was the first one awarded to a Chinese restaurant in the Netherlands.
 Lokhandwala Minerva is an 82-floor supertall skyscraper under construction in Mumbai Maharashtra. It will have two towers of 82 floors each which will encompass parking floors from 2nd to 16th Podium Garden on 17th floor residential floors on 26th to 79th service floor on 80th and penthouse on 81 82 and terrace.
 John Adams School is a historic school building at 16 Church Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The Greek Revival/Italianate school building was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It presently houses a daycare center.
 The Grand Central Hotel Glasgow (usually known by locals by its original name the Central Hotel) is a large 4-star hotel in the centre of Glasgow Scotland.The hotel forms the front of the Glasgow Central railway station on Gordon Street directly adjoining onto the station concourse.
 Howard Homestead is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built in the 1820s or early 1830s and is a one story clapboard sided rectangular frame residence on a partially exposed concrete basement. It is in a late Federal / early Greek Revival style.
 Café Slavia is a café in Prague Czech Republic located on the corner of Národní street and Smetanovo nábřeží next to the Vltava river and opposite the National Theatre. It was opened in August 1884. It was known for its associations with Prague's dissident community hosting people such as Václav Havel who would later become his country's president and poet Jiří Kolář during the normalization period.
 Château de Beaumesnil is a 17th-century Louis XIII baroque style château located in the commune of and close to the village of Beaumesnil in Eure department of Normandy in northern France. The château now an official historical monument of France is surrounded by a moat having been built on the site of a medieval castle of the same name.
 Ascot Priory is a former priory in Berkshire England established in 1861. It was the mother house of the Society of the Most Holy Trinity a community of nuns within the Anglican Communion. It now serves as a church and a spirituality centre.
 Jackson Lake Lodge is located near Moran in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The lodge has 385 rooms a restaurant conference rooms and offers numerous recreational opportunities. The lodge is managed by the Grand Teton Lodge Company and is not affiliated with the National Park Service. The Grand Teton Lodge Company also manages the Jenny Lake Lodge as well as cabins restaurants and other services at Colter Bay Village.
 Katseveer is a restaurant in Wilhelminadorp Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2006–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Katseveer is Rutger van der Weel.Restaurant Katseveer is a member of the Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise since December 2011.In 2011 the historic ferry house got a complete overhaul.
 The Museo Egizio is a museum sited in the Sforza Castle of Milan Italy.
 The U.S. Courthouse Post Office and Customs House in Newport Vermont was built in 1903. Also known as U.S. Federal Building it served historically as a courthouse as a customhouse and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.It served the United States District Court for the District of Vermont during 1904–1948. It now serves the Orleans County District Court.
 The Alderman School District #78 in Jamestown North Dakota was built in 1925-26.It has also been known as the Ashtabula Township Hall as Barnes County Polling Precinct #10 as Ashtabula Lakers 4-H Clubhouse and as 32 BA-0159;. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2013.It served as a one-room rural school during 1928-1959.
 George A. Sidelinger House is a historic house at 19 Avon Way in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St. Germain Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Rimouski (Québec). It is the mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rimouski.The church was raised to the status of cathedral on 15 January 1867 by Jean Langevin first bishop of Rimouski and was consecrated on 28 May 1853.
 The Old Toronto Star Building at 80 King Street West in Toronto Ontario Canada was built in 1929 by Chapman & Oxley and abandoned in 1970 when the Toronto Star newspaper moved to One Yonge Street. The Art Deco building was torn down in 1972 to make way for the First Canadian Place. It stood at 22 storeys or 88 metres tall.The main tenant of the building was the Toronto Star.
 Hopkinton Supply Co. Building is a historic building at 26-28 Main Street in Hopkinton Massachusetts.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Target Plaza South is a 33-story skyscraper in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota which serves as part of the corporate headquarters for Target Corporation.The building was designed by architects Ellerbe Becket of Minneapolis and was completed in 2001. It is connected via an eighth-floor walkway to the 14-story Target Plaza North and contains retail space on the street level with three levels of parking below ground.
 Longfellow School is a school and/or building in Madison Wisconsin. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 INNOVAL is the headquarters of COREM an acronym which stands for “COmpagnie Réunionnnaise d’Electrotechnique et du Management”. INNOVAL designed by T&T Architects is an energy-efficient office building located in an industrial area at Le Port a town on the western coast of the French tropical island named La Réunion near Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.
 The Alcan Lynemouth Aluminium Smelter is a mothballed industrial facility near Ashington Northumberland on the coast of North East England 0.65 mi (1.05 km) south of the village of Lynemouth. The smelter is owned by Canadian aluminium company Alcan which is part of Rio Tinto. The smelter was opened in 1974 at a cost of £54 million. It ceased production in March 2012.
 Holy Mother of God Katoghike Church of Avan (Armenian: Ավանի Սուրբ Աստվածածին Կաթողիկե Եկեղեցի; also Katoghike Tsiranavor church later renamed Surp Hovhannes) is located in Avan district within the limits of Yerevan city; the capital of Armenia. It is the city's oldest surviving church.
 Wadsworth Union Church is a historic church at the junction of Lincoln Hwy and Railroad Avenue in Wadsworth Nevada.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Harpa is a concert hall and conference centre in Reykjavík Iceland. The opening concert was held on May 4 2011.Harpa was designed by the Danish firm Henning Larsen Architects in co-operation with Danish-Icelandic artist Olafur Eliasson. The structure consists of a steel framework clad with geometric shaped glass panels of different colours.
 The James K. Polk Ancestral Home also known as James K. Polk House is U.S. President James K. Polk's only surviving home other than the White House. It is located at 301 West 7th St. Columbia Tennessee. The home was built by his father Samuel Polk in 1816. The Federal style brick home was constructed while James was at the University of North Carolina. The residence of the 11th U.S. President is open to the public and displays original items from President Polk's life.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Berlin (FCI Berlin) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in New Hampshire. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp housing minimum-security male inmates.
 Lauriston Castle stands on a clifftop site near the Aberdeenshire village of St Cyrus and just over a mile inland from the North Sea coast of Scotland. Once a royal fortress it can claim to be one of the oldest privately owned and inhabited castles in the region.By tradition it was the stronghold of Giric Grig or Gregory the Great one of the last of the Pictish kings (AD 878–889).
 The Oconaluftee Baptist Church (Smokemont Baptist Church) is a historic church in Cherokee North Carolina.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1976. It is now within Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
 Sen. William P. Jackson House was a historic home located at Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland. It was a 3 1⁄2-story Queen Anne frame house completed in 1893. It was torn down in November 1976 after a ten-year battle to save it. It was built by United States Senator William P. Jackson.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Catholic Church of St Osmund Barnes is a Roman Catholic church in Castelnau Barnes London SW13. Its priest is Father Luke Marappillil. The church is affiliated to Churches Together in Barnes.
 The Yoo Pune is a 6 tower project currently under construction in Pune India. The Yoo Pune project will consist of 35 floors with footprint of around 10000 square feet (930 m2).
 The Gantz Homestead also called the Gantz Farm House in Grove City Franklin County Ohio United States was built in around 1832. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Nathaniel Bowditch House (circa 1805) sometimes called by Bowditch-Osgood House or Nathaniel Bowditch Home is a historic house located at 9 North Street in Salem Massachusetts. It was once the home of Nathaniel Bowditch the founder of modern navigation and is now a National Historic Landmark and listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It currently serves as the headquarters of Historic Salem Inc.The Bowditch House is significant both architecturally and historically.
 The Carnegie Library in Newton Kansas is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Fulton-Presbyterian Cemetery is a registered historic site in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on August 24 1979.
 The Cent Quatre (pronounced: [sɑ̃ katʁ] meaning 104) is a public cultural centre in Paris which opened on 11 October 2008 on the site of a former municipal undertaker's at 104 rue d'Aubervilliers in the 19th arrondissement of the city.
 The Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History (French: Musée Royal de l’Armée et d’Histoire Militaire Dutch: Koninklijk Museum van het Leger en de Krijgsgeschiedenis often abbreviated to KLM-MRA) is a military museum that occupies the two northernmost halls of the historic complex in Cinquantenaire Park in Brussels Belgium.
 Bancroft Tower is a 56-foot-high (17 m) natural stone and granite tower which looks like a miniature feudal castle. It is located in Salisbury Park in the city of Worcester Massachusetts. It was erected in 1900 in memory of George Bancroft. The tower was designed by Earle and Fischer. The cost of construction was roughly $15000. Bancroft Tower is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Central Prison Karachi is a prison in the city of Karachi in Sindh Pakistan. It houses more than 6000 prisoners including convicted terrorists that include militants who attempted to assassinate President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf.
 Bothwell Castle is a large medieval castle sited on a high steep bank above a bend in the River Clyde in South Lanarkshire Scotland. It is located between Bothwell and Uddingston about 10 miles (16 km) south-east of Glasgow. Construction of the castle was begun in the 13th century by the ancestors of Clan Murray to guard a strategic crossing point of the Clyde. Bothwell played a key role in Scotland's Wars of Independence changing hands several times.
 Narekavank (Armenian: Նարեկավանք Narekavank)) was a tenth-century Armenian monastery in the Vaspurakan province of historical Armenia near the southern shores of Lake Van (now in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey). It was founded during the reign of King Gagik I (908-943) of the kingdom of Vaspurakan. The monastery was an important intellectual center whose most famous pupil was Gregory of Narek.
 Stonglandet Church (Norwegian: Stonglandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Stonglandseidet. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1896 and it seats about 240 people. The building was designed by Ole Scheistrøen.
 The Islamic Center of Washington is a mosque and Islamic cultural center in Washington D.C. United States. It is located on Embassy Row on Massachusetts Avenue just east of the bridge over Rock Creek. When it opened in 1957 it was the largest Muslim place of worship in the Western Hemisphere. Some 6000 people attend prayers there each Friday.The center was originally conceived in 1944 when the Turkish ambassador Münir Ertegün died and there was no mosque in which to hold his funeral.
 Cornwall Terrace (also 1-21 Cornwall Terrace) is a Grade I listed building of consecutive terraced mansions overlooking Regent's Park in the City of Westminster London England. It is situated at the park's southwest corner near Baker Street between York Terrace and Clarence Terrace within the park's Crown Estate development. Cornwall Terrace was part of the scheme of the Prince Regent later King George IV to develop grand housing in Regent's Park.
 The Escher Museum (Escher in het Paleis Escher in the Palace) is a museum in The Hague Netherlands featuring the works of the Dutch graphical artist M. C. Escher. This museum opened on 15 November 2002.The museum is housed in a former palace (Lange Voorhout Palace) dating from the eighteenth century. Queen Emma (Emma of Waldeck Pyrmont) bought the stately house in 1896. She used it as a winter palace from March 1901 till her death in March 1934.
 Hiland Park is the name given to a 32.14-acre (130100 m2) micro-township in Kolkata India. It is situated in Chak Garia on Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.The micro township features a Residential Complex which includes a number of recreational facilities Shopping Mall and a Social Club called 'The County'.The Residential complex has 9 building towers.
 State Correctional Institution – Chester is a medium-security all-male correctional facility in Chester Pennsylvania.
 Congress Avenue is a major thoroughfare in Austin Texas. The street is a six-lane tree lined avenue that cuts through the middle of the city from far south Austin and goes over Lady Bird Lake leading to the Texas State Capitol in the heart of Downtown.Congress Avenue south of Lady Bird Lake is known as South Congress often abbreviated to SoCo and is an increasingly popular shopping and rental district.
 The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot in Yuma Arizona was built as a Spanish Colonial Revival-style station by the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1926.After Southern Pacific Railroad ceased passenger operations upon Amtrak's start in 1971 the station housed the Yuma Fine Arts Museum. The depot was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Withrow Court is the intramural sports gymnasium at Miami University in Oxford Ohio. It consists of the original structure and the additional wings that were added on. The main gym consists of 3 basketball/volley courts. The South Gym is the indoor tennis court and the North Gym is the gymnastic studio. There are 2 aerobics/combative rooms along with 8 racquetball courts 2 squash courts and 2 classrooms. There is balcony seating in the gyms and there are men’s and women’s locker rooms
 Isabel Roberts House is a classic 1908 Prairie House from the studio of Frank Lloyd Wright located at 603 Edgewood Place in River Forest Illinois It was built for Isabel Roberts and her widowed mother Mary Roberts. Scholars suggest that the house was originally designed for Joshua Melson the co-developer of Rock Crest-Rock Glen in Mason City Iowa.
 The IOOF Building in Maquoketa Iowa is a Late Victorian architecture building that was built in 1886. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 H.B. Burns Memorial Building also known as Medical Faculty Associates is a building on the campus of George Washington University in Washington D.C.. It was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites and the National Register of Historic Places in 2010 as The Keystone.
 The University-Cultural Center MRA (Multiple Resource Area) is a pair of multiple property submissions to the National Register of Historic Places which were approved on April 29 and May 1 1986. The structures included are all located in Midtown near Woodward Avenue and Wayne State University in Detroit Michigan.
 The Galicia Jewish Museum (Polish: Żydowskie Muzeum Galicja) is located in the historic Jewish district of Kazimierz in Kraków Poland. It is a photo exhibition documenting the remnants of Jewish culture and life in Polish Galicia which used to be very vibrant in this area.
 St Andrew's Church Starbeck is in High Street Starbeck Harrogate North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Harrogate the archdeaconry of Richmond and the Diocese of Leeds. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Victor H. and Marta Jorgensen House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Holiday Inn & Suites Makati is the first purpose-built Holiday Inn property in the Philippines. It opened on April 1 2013 as part of the New Glorietta Phase 1 redevelopment. The hotel is built on top of a redeveloped Glorietta Mall in Ayala Center in Makati Metro Manila Philippines. The hotel is managed by InterContinental Hotels Group the longest operating international chain hotel in the Philippines.
 The Marcus Hobbs House is a historic house at 16 William Street in Worcester Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1849 by Marcus Hobbs a carpenter and was originally in a Greek Revival style. In about 1870 it was restyled with significant Italianate features including the round-arch gable window paired brackets in the eaves and dentil molding.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Bodø Cathedral (Norwegian: Bodø domkirke) is a cathedral in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Bodø. The church is part of the Bodø parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The cathedral is also the seat of the Bishop of Sør-Hålogaland currently Tor Berger Jørgensen since 2007.
 Nelson’s Greenbrier Distillery in Greenbrier Robertson County Tennessee was an historic whiskey distillery the site of which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Descendants of the founder have undertaken an initiative to revive the brand.
 The Radisson Blu Iveria Hotel is a hotel in the city center of Tbilisi located on Rose Revolution Square. The hotel was built in 1967 by the Soviet government as the premier luxury hotel of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic and was named Hotel Iveria after the ancient kingdom of Iveria. As a result of the war in Abkhazia in 1992 the hotel became a refugee camp housing more than 800 refugees. In 2004 the refugees were removed from the hotel and offered $7000 per room.
 Trinity A.M.E. Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Church building at 239 E. 600 South in Salt Lake City Utah.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Selje Church (Norwegian: Selje kyrkje) is a parish church in Selje Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Selje. The church is part of the Selje parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1866 to replace an earlier building. The present church was designed by the architect Frederik Hannibal Stockfleth. The church seats about 420 people.
 Washington Chapel C.M.E. Church is a historic church at 1137 West Street in Parkville Missouri.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Havre de Grace Historic District is a national historic district at Havre de Grace Harford County Maryland United States. It is an urban district of approximately a thousand buildings and includes the central business district and most of the residential neighborhoods radiating out of it. The buildings date primarily from the 19th and early 20th centuries.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Changi Hospital was a former hospital located in Changi Singapore. The hospital was previously known as Royal Air Force (RAF) Hospital and was merged with the Toa Payoh Hospital and renamed as the Changi General Hospital.
 Bukchon Art Museum is an art museum in Seoul South Korea. It has 150 pieces of Korean modern art 200 pieces of Chinese art 2500 of old documents of Joseon dynasty in total of 2850.
 Roberts Hall was a building on the Ag Quad of Cornell University and is the second building of that name. The original Roberts Hall was built in 1906 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The 1906-built Roberts Hall was demolished before the construction of the new building and Kennedy Hall. The current building holds many of the administrative offices of the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and Cornell's landscape architecture program.
 The Banco de Ponce building a historic building in Ponce Puerto Rico was the first and main office of Banco de Ponce until the company merged with Banco Popular in 1990. Though its headquarters had moved to a presumptous building in Hato Rey's Milla de Oro by then Banco de Ponce continued to consider this building its main office until the company merged with Banco Popular in 1990. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1987.
 Providence Regional Medical Center Everett colloquially known as Prov Everett is a full-service medical center and the flagship hospital of Providence Health & Services the largest faith-based healthcare system in the Northwestern United States. It regularly serves patients from Snohomish County Skagit County Whatcom County Island County and San Juan County Washington.
 400 East Ohio Street is a 505 ft (154 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1983 and has 50 floors. Gordon & Levin designed the building which is the 85th tallest in Chicago.
 Buena Vista or Bard's Field on Trinity Manor is a historic home located at Leonardtown St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay Greek Revival-style frame dwelling with a 2-story three-bay frame wing. It was built between 1840 and 1850 for George and Mary C. Combs.Buena Vista was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 For other uses of Windsor Hotel see Windsor Hotel (disambiguation).The Windsor Hotel (فندق وندسور in Arabic Hôtel Windsor in French) is an historic hotel in downtown Cairo Egypt. Constructed in 1893 it is located near Opera Square and across Alfi Bey Street from the site of the former Shepheard's Hotel of which it once served as an annex. During the First World War it served as a British Officers Club and much of its interior and furnishings date to this period.
 Berg Church (Norwegian: Berg arbeidskirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Berg area in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Strinda parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The brick church was built in 1972 and was consecrated on 19 March 1972 by the Bishop Tord Godal.
 Hunziker House or Hunziker Residence in Syracuse New York was designed by Ward Wellington Ward and was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was listed for its architecture.
 Fagerhaug Church (Norwegian: Fagerhaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in Fagerhaug about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) northeast of the municipal center of Oppdal.The church was actually built in 1921 as a Baptist church and it wasn't until 1959 that it became a church in the Oppdal parish of the Church of Norway.
 Schoharie County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse and county clerk's building located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. The courthouse building was built in 1870 is a two story above a raised basement structure built of cut limestone block laid random ashlar. It features a shallow hipped roof surmounted by an ornate pyramidal cupola and corner turrets of pressed metal.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Ray Brook (FCI Ray Brook) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in New York State. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Ray Brook is located in Upstate New York midway between the villages of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake.
 Van Reyper-Bond House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1872 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 22 1979. The house is located on the campus of Montclair State University.
 The Oscoda County Courthouse is the county courthouse for Oscoda County Michigan located in Mio at 311 Morenci Ave (M-33). The courthouse is a Michigan State Historic Site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. As of 2012 the courthouse operates courtrooms for the 23rd Circuit Court 81st District Court and Oscoda County Probate Court.
 Atlantic Center for the Arts (ACA) is a nonprofit interdisciplinary artists’ community and arts education facility providing artists an opportunity to work and collaborate with contemporary artists in the fields of composing visual literary and performing arts. Community interaction is coordinated through on-site and outreach presentations workshops and exhibitions. The ACA is located in New Smyrna Beach Florida.
 The Citadel Mall is one of the two enclosed shopping malls of Colorado Springs.
 Calderwood was a community once located along the Little Tennessee River in Blount County Tennessee United States. Established in 1912 as a base for the Aluminum Company of America's Little Tennessee Valley hydroelectric development operations the community continued to house construction personnel and dam maintenance personnel for nearby Calderwood Dam until the 1960s.
 P. J. Clarke's is a saloon established 1884. It occupies a building located at 915 Third Avenue on the northeast corner of East 55th Street in New York City.
 The National Hansen's Disease Museum is a historical museum in Carville Louisiana at the site of a former sugar plantation and was once home of the Carville National Leprosarium.
 Skansen (the Sconce) is the first open air museum and zoo in Sweden and is located on the island Djurgården in Stockholm Sweden. It was founded in 1891 by Artur Hazelius (1833–1901) to show the way of life in the different parts of Sweden before the industrial era.The name Skansen has also been used as a noun to refer to other open-air museums and collections of historic structures particularly in Central and Eastern Europe but also in the United States e.g.
 For other places with the same name see Little Norway (disambiguation)Little Norway is a tourist attraction and living museum of a Norwegian village located in Blue Mounds Wisconsin. Little Norway consists of a fully restored farm dating to the mid-19th century. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Municipal Palace of Lima is a public building that serves as headquarters of the Metropolitan Municipality of Lima. It is located on the street Portal de Escribanos block 3 of Jirón de la Unión and in front of the Plaza Mayor of Lima's historic centre.
 The Owens-Thomas House is a historic home in Savannah Georgia that is operated as a historic house museum by the Telfair Museum of Art.It is located at 124 Abercorn Street on the northeast corner of Oglethorpe Square. The Owens-Thomas House was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Mecca Mall (Arabic: مكة مول‎) is a shopping mall in the Jordanian capital Amman. It is located on Mecca Street and this is the reason the mall was named Mecca Mall.
 The Sutton Place is a luxury hotel in Vancouver Canada. It is one of Canada's two five-diamond hotels and made the 2004 Conde Nast Gold List of the best hotels in the world. It is said to attract deep-pocketed business travellers and a galaxy of visiting film and TV stars.The decor is mainly European-inspired particularly French. Frommer's said of it Don't let the big pink hospital-like exterior fool you.
 The P. D. Hinduja National Hospital and Medical Research Centre is a multi-specialty tertiary care hospital in Mumbai India.
 Findlay Village Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Findlay Ohio. Opened in 1962 it features J. C. Penney Elder-Beerman TJ Maxx Dunham's Sports and Best Buy.
 Swissôtel The Stamford (Chinese: 史丹福瑞士酒店) is a luxury hotel in Singapore managed by Swissôtel Hotels & Resorts. Designed by architect I.M. Pei Swissôtel The Stamford at a height of 226 metres (741 ft) is one of Southeast Asia’s tallest hotels. Located in the heart of Singapore this hotel is part of the Raffles City complex comprising two hotels the Raffles City convention centre Raffles City shopping centre and an office tower.
 The University of California San Diego Library consists of the Geisel Library building and the Biomedical Library building.
 Bank of China Mansion (simplified Chinese: 青岛中银大厦; traditional Chinese: 青島中銀大廈; pinyin: Qīngdǎo Zhōngyín Dàshà) is a 54-floor 241 meter (791 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 1999 located in Qingdao China.
 War Memorial Building is a historic community building located at New Martinsville Wetzel County West Virginia. It was built in 1929 and is a two story buff colored wire brick building with Neoclassical design elements. The building was dedicated as a living memorial to the World War I veterans and is available for any group in the county to use for meetings or special events. It now serves as a memorial to Wetzel County veterans of all wars.
 The U-Tower or Dortmunder U is a former brewery building in the city of Dortmund Germany. Since 2010 it serves as a center for the arts and creativity housing among other facilities the Museum Ostwall.
 Varagavank (Armenian: Վարագավանք Varagavank meaning Monastery of Varag) also known as Yedi kilise (Turkish for Seven Churches) sometimes spelt Yedi Kilisa was a prominent Armenian monastery whose ruins are located on the slopes of Mount Varag (Erek Dağı) 9 km east of the city of Van in Turkey's Van region.Founded in the early 11th-century on a pre-existing religious site it was the richest and best known monastery in the Armenian kingdom of Vaspurakan and in later centuries was the seat of the archbishop of the Armenian Apostolic Church in Van. 
 St Fflewin's Church Llanfflewin (sometimes referred to as St Fflewyn's Church Llanfflewyn) is a small rural church situated by a farm in Anglesey north Wales.
 The Edward C. Peters House also known as Ivy Hall is a Queen Anne style house in Atlanta Georgia. It occupies a lot covering an entire city block on the southeast corner of Piedmont Avenue and Ponce de Leon Avenue in Midtown Atlanta just north of the SoNo neighborhood. Its current owner is the Savannah College of Art and Design.
 Château de La Chapelle-Faucher is a château in Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 Mt. Woods Cemetery also known as Hebrew and Jewish Orthodox Cemetery and Eoff Street Temple Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The cemetery was established in 1831 and contains a collection of locally significant examples of antebellum Victorian-era and early to mid-20th century funerary art. Notable structures include the Rosenberg Arch (1886) Forbes mausoleum (1889) Scott mausoleum (c.
 St Giles' Church Elkesley is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Elkesley.The church dates from the 14th century. It was restored in 1845.Memorials include: Catherine Sharpe 1764 by Ant. Ince. South chancel Edward and John Buckles Mansfield. North chancel↑
 Chesterwood was the summer estate and studio of American sculptor Daniel Chester French (1850–1931) located in Stockbridge Massachusetts. In 1896 French purchased the former Marshall Warner farm. Each year during the month of May he left his permanent home and studio in New York for six months and moved with his family to Chesterwood where he worked on over 200 public and private commissions. The estate covers 122 acres (0.5 km2) of forest and field in the Taconic Mountains.
 National Company Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was designed by J. Foster Warner in 1924 and is a five story structure in the Classical Revival style. The Beaux-Arts decorated building is characterized by precise carved detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 De Lorenzo's Tomato Pies is a pizzeria that sells tomato pies in New Jersey. It was founded in 1936 by Alexander Chick De Lorenzo and officially established in 1947 in Trenton New Jersey. Since then it has expanded to another location in Robbinsville and has closed its original location in Trenton. It is the third oldest pizzeria in New Jersey that sells tomato pies after Papa's Tomato Pies and Joe's Tomato Pies.
 The Second O'Shea Building is a historic commercial building at 9-13 Peabody Square in Peabody Massachusetts. It is one of two similar buildings (see O'Shea Building for the other) built by Thomas O'Shea a local leathermaker in the 1900s. The three story brick and sandstone Colonial building occupies a prominent position in Peabody Square the city's central intersection.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Washington Street Rowhouses is a pair of historic rowhouses located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The two story three bay brick row houses were built about 1840 in the Greek Revival style. They have pitched roofs interior end chimneys applied wooden cornices and side by side entrances that adjoin the party wall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Nativity of Our Blessed Lady is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1510 East 233rd Street and the corner of Secor Avenue Bronx New York in the Eastchester neighborhood of the northern Bronx. The church was designed by Don Shepherd a designer and not an architect.
 Kirk's (Pensioner) Cottage on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia was built between 1852 and 1856 by convict labour.In 1852 urgent accommodation was required for pensioner guards who had accompanied the first shipments of convicts to Western Australia and on to the Toodyay Convict Hiring Depot. Pensioner Guards were retired army or police officers who were given pay and benefits to travel with convicts on the transportation ships from England.
 Sotcher Farmhouse also known as Three Arches is a historic home located at Fairless Hills Falls Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1712 with substantial additions made about 1760 and 1806. The original house was likely a one-story stone structure. The 1760 section is a two-story three bay fieldstone structure. The 1806 addition completely enveloped the 1712 house.
 The Montrose Park is a public park owned by the federal government located in the 3000 block of R Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.It is located between Dumbarton Oaks Park and Oak Hill Cemetery.It was early owned by ropemaker Robert Parrott who allowed the community to use it as a picnicing ground. Sarah Louisa Rittenhouse successfully led a group to lobby Congress to acquire the property as an addition to Rock Creek Park.
 The John Brown House is the first mansion built in Providence Rhode Island. It is located along Power Street on College Hill which is adjacent to the borders of Brown University. The house is named after the original owner and one of the early benefactors of the University the early American merchant statesman and slave trader John Brown.
 </gallery>Allambie Reception Centre was a former reception treatment classification and transit centre for children admitted to the care of the Victorian Government in Australia. The centre operated between 1961 and 1990 and was initially managed by the Family Welfare Division of the Social Welfare Department later the Department of Community Welfare Services and Community Services Victoria.
 Bridgewater Railroad Station is a historic train station located at Bridgewater in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1901 and is a one story rectangular timber frame building 20 feet by 91 feet.
 Charles Woodhull House is a historic home located on 70 West Main Street(NY 25A) in Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1870 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay clapboard residence with a low gable roof and brick foundation. It features a cupola and paired interior end chimneys. The entrance features a shed-roofed front porch supported by slender paired Doric order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Santa Fe Apartments were an apartment building located at 681 Merrick Street in Detroit Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 and subsequently demolished by Wayne State University; the site is now the location of the Yousif B. Ghafari Hall.
 Fleetwood Farm also known as the Greenhill Plantation and Peggy's Green is a Federal style house in Loudoun County Virginia. The house is conjectured to have been built around 1775 by William Ellzey a lawyer originally from Virginia's Tidewater region. The house is an unusual example of post-and-beam construction in a region where stone or brick construction is more usual.The house is a 2-1/2 story post-and-beam framed structure on a stone foundationa nd basement.
 The Église Saint-Ferréol les Augustins is a Roman Catholic church in Marseille.
 US Post Office-Taunton Main is an historic post office located at 37 Taunton Green in Taunton Massachusetts.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1930 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Weems House also known as Fowler Cottage is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama. Completed in 1870 the one-story frame structure is a late example of the Greek Revival-style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 7 1982. The house functioned as a private residence until July 18 1991 when it was purchased by the Dragons Civic and Social Club a local fraternal organization.
 The Charles King House located in Philomath Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The 20th Century Club of Reno Nevada is a historic women's club which was organized in 1894. Its building of the same name located at 335 W. First St. is historic and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building also known as 20th Century Building was designed by Fred M. Schadler and includes Classical Revival and Prairie School architecture. It was built in 1925.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company Warehouse and Repair Facility is an Art Deco industrial building located at 1111 North Capitol Street Northeast Washington D.C. in the NoMa neighborhood which houses the headquarters of National Public Radio.
 Woodside Plaza is a 29-storey skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. The 137-metre (449 ft) tower serves as the headquarters for Woodside Petroleum and incorporates several energy-efficient design features. When completed in 2004 the building was the first premium-grade skyscraper completed in Perth since Central Park in 1992. It is currently the sixth tallest skyscraper in Perth.
 The Amboy United Brethren Church is a church located in Amboy Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 State Correctional Institution – Frackville is a maximum-security correctional facility for males off of Interstate 81 in rural Schuylkill County Pennsylvania.
 St Mary's Church Hale is in Church End in the village of Hale Halton Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Widnes the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool.
 RiverFront Place Condos is a new condo development located along the riverfront in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. It consists of two condo towers anchored by two rows of town homes. Tower one completed in 2006 is 12 stories tall and holds 36 units. Tower two began construction in 2009 and will be 15 stories tall. There are 18 contemporary town homes that were completed in 2006.
 National Museum of History of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Tarix Muzeyi) is the largest museum of Azerbaijan located in Baku in the former mansion of Azerbaijani oil magnate and philanthropist Haji Zeynalabdin Taghiyev. It was founded in 1920.
 The Milwaukee Normal School-Milwaukee Girls' Trade and Technical High School is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Cascade Centar is a stylish shopping complex in Zagreb Croatia. It was opened at the end of 2009 during the European financial crisis. By 2011 it was clear there were not enough shoppers to cover the high rents and tenants began to move out. The center went bankrupt in 2012. As of January 2013 efforts to auction the property had been unsuccessful.
 The Ross H. Blakely House is a Queen Anne style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 102 Petty France is an office block on Petty France in Westminster London overlooking St. James's Park which was designed by Fitzroy Robinson & Partners with Sir Basil Spence and completed in 1976. It was well known as the main location for the UK Home Office department between 1978 and 2004 when it was known as 50 Queen Anne's Gate and now houses the Ministry of Justice.
 The HUB–Robeson Center commonly referred to as the HUB is the student union building centrally located on the University Park campus of Pennsylvania State University. It was originally built in 1953 and had major renovations done in 1973 and 1983. The most recent round of expansions and renovations was begun in May 1997 adding 91000 square feet (8500 m2) to the existing 154000-square-foot (14300 m2) building.
 Kratochvíle is a picturesque Renaissance manorial residence surrounded by a park located in the south Bohemian countryside near Netolice Prachatice district Czech Republic.
 The William Morris Davis House is a National Historic Landmark on 17 Francis Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.The house was built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and further designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976. It was the home of noted geographer and geologist William Morris Davis.
 Iglesia de San Esteban (Ciaño) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the late 12th century.
 The Otto W. Rohland Building is a historic building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. Otto Rohland immigrated from Germany in 1867; this Victorian shop/residential building was built in 1891 and served as Rohland's grocery store and meat market into the 1950s; one source says the market was at 461 Old Fort Road.The Rohland Building was nominated to National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Manuel Silva Barn near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1910 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.
 Waytemore Castle was a castle in the town of Bishop's Stortford in Hertfordshire United Kingdom. (grid reference TL4900421473).This began as a motte and bailey castle in the time of William the Conqueror. A rectangular great tower was added on the motte in the 12th century. It was improved in the 13th century during the reign of King John and a licence to crenellate was granted in the mid 14th century. It was slighted after the Civil War.
 The City Stable and Garage is a historic public works building at 74 Elliot Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 1.5-story brick building was built in 1926–27 and represents a transitional period between the use of horse-drawn equipment and the advent of combustion-powered vehicles. Built on a hillside it has a fully exposed basement with four garage bays while its main level originally housed 26 horse stalls.
 Rev. Daniel Putnam House built in 1720 is a historic colonial house at 27 Bow Street in North Reading Massachusetts. The house is owned by the town of North Reading and is leased to the North Reading Historical and Antiquarian Society for use as its headquarters. The house is open during Society meetings and for special events. The First Period house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Whittemore House (also known as the Walter D. Wilcox House and the John C. Weeks House) is an historic building located at 1526 New Hampshire Avenue N.W. in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. The former private residence whose previous occupants include a musician several politicians and a mountain explorer now serves as a historic house museum and headquarters of the Woman's National Democratic Club (WNDC).
 Gainsboro Branch of the Roanoke City Public Library also known as the Gainsboro Library is a historic library building located in the African-American neighborhood of Gainsboro in Northwest Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1941-1942 and is a one-story seven-bay L-plan Tudor Revival style brick building.
 The Grace Kern House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Royal Villa of Durrës also known as Zog's Villa of Durrës (Albanian: Vila mbretërore e Durrësit) was the summer villa of King Zog in Durrës Albania.It was used as the summer palace by the Albanian Royal family during the reign of the Monarchy and still remains a symbol of the Monarchy in the City. It is was restored to Leka Crown Prince of Albania in 2007. The restoration process was accepted and approved by the Albanian lands commission following all the legal procedures without contest.
 Shin Kong Life Tower (Chinese: 新光人壽保險摩天大樓; pinyin: Xīnguāng Rénshòu Bǎoxiǎn Mótiān Dàlóu) is the third tallest building in Taiwan at 51 storeys 244.76 metres (803.0 ft). The rose-coloured skyscraper topped by a pyramid stands in Zhongzheng District Taipei. Its first twelve floors and two underground floors house a Shin Kong Mitsukoshi Department Store; the remaining floors provide office space and serve as headquarters for the Shin Kong Life Insurance Company.
 For the former museum of the same name in London please see Museum of the Moving Image (London).The Museum of the Moving Image is a media museum located in Astoria Queens in a former building of what is now the Kaufman Astoria Studios. The museum originally opened in 1988 as the American Museum of the Moving Image. The museum began a $67 million expansion in March 2008 and reopened in January 2011. The expansion was designed by architect Thomas Leeser.
 The Clement Railroad Hotel Museum is located in Dickson Tennessee. Opened in June 2009 the museum focuses on local history including the Civil War and local railroads. Governor Frank G. Clement was born in the hotel in 1920 and managed the hotel for some years. The museum's displays will include Clement family items and exhibits about his life.The building is a Tennessee state owned historic site operated by the Clement Foundation in partnership with the Tennessee Historical Commission.
 The Federal Medical Center Lexington (FMC Lexington) is a United States federal prison in Kentucky for male inmates requiring medical or mental health care. It is designated as an administrative facility which means that it holds inmates of all security classifications. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 St Augustine Papey was a mediaeval church in the City of London situated in what is now Bury Street. First mentioned as  Sci augustini pappey  it originally belonged to the Priory of Holy Trinity. By 1430 the emoluments had become so small that it was united with All Hallows-on-the-Wall and in 1442 was appropriated as an almshouse for elderly clergy. At the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries it was demolished and the site built over.
 Wonastow Court in Wonastow Monmouthshire Wales is a 19th-century country house with earlier origins and later additions.
 HM Prison Wealstun is a Category C men's prison located near the village of Thorp Arch in West Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Bowers House is a historic home located at Sugar Grove Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built in 1898 and is a large 2 1/2-story Queen Anne style frame dwelling. It features two asymmetrical polygonal towers contrasting wood siding in a herringbone pattern projecting gables and bays and large brackets with contrasting color schemes.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Andover Street Historic District is a linear residential historic district in the Belvidere neighborhood of eastern Lowell Massachusetts. The district encompasses large fashionable houses and estates that were built between the 1860s and the 1930s. It includes properties at 245—834 Andover Street and at 569 and 579 East Merrimack Street. In the first phase of growth between the 1860s and 1890s Italianate and Queen Anne Victorian houses were built.
 The Grange Hall in Somerset Township Jackson County Illinois is the historic meeting place of Somerset Township's chapter of The Grange. Built in 1912 the building was Somerset Grange #1553's second meeting hall; the first building was built in 1876 and burned down in 1909. The red brick building was built by contractor W. A. Pitman in the Commercial style. The Grange Hall served as a meeting place for local farmers to discuss agricultural affairs and propose farm policy to legislators.
 St Mark’s Church is an active Anglican parish church in Worsley Greater Manchester England. It is part of a team ministry along with St Mary's in Ellenbrook and St Andrew in Boothstown. The church is in the Eccles deanery the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. The church was granted Grade I Listed status in 1966.
 Wrightstown Friends Meeting Complex is a historic Quaker meeting house on PA 413 in Wrightstown Pennsylvania. Quaker activity in Wrightstown dates back to at least 1685. A log meetinghouse was built on the present site in 1708 and expanded in 1735 and 1737.
 Melrose-Wakefield Hospital (often abbreviated to Melrose-Wakefield or Mel-Wak) is a 234-bed non-profit hospital located in Melrose Massachusetts. It is one of two general hospitals operated by Melrose based Hallmark Health System.Melrose-Wakefield Hospital was home to the world's first cochlear implant and laser surgery and it was among the first hospitals in the country to offer same day surgery.
 Maine Eye and Ear Infirmary is a historic facility at 794-800 Congress Street in Portland Maine. Also known as Holt Hall the structure was redeveloped into a residential building in 1997 after standing dormant for nearly 10 years.The Maine Eye and Ear Infirmary was founded in 1891. In 1951 the hospital merged with the Children's Hospital and Maine General Hospital to become Maine Medical Center. The facility was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Charles Winship House is a historic house at 13 Mansion Road in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story mansion (for which the road is named) was built between 1901 and 1906 for Charles Winship proprietor (along with Elizabeth Boit) of the Harvard Knitting Mills a major business presence in Wakefield from the 1880s to the 1940s.
 Naples Memorial Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Naples in Ontario County New York. It was built in 1872 and is a lavish and imposing two story rectangular brick building in the Italianate style. The town hall served as the center of the village and town's social and recreational activities until World War II. Between 1942 and 1972 the building was in private hands and served a variety of commercial and light industrial uses.
 The Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier (French: Cathédrale Saint-François-Xavier) is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chicoutimi Quebec Canada. It is located at 514 rue Racine Est overlooking the old port area of the town.The current structure is the fourth church to occupy this site and the third to serve as cathedral for the diocese. It has seating capacity for 1500 worshippers.The first cathedral opened in 1878 and was destroyed by fire June 24 1912.
 South Hall built in 1873 is the oldest building on the campus of the University of California Berkeley and the only remaining building of the original campus.
 Manchester Jewish Museum occupies the former Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue on Cheetham Hill Road in Manchester England. Itis a grade II* listed building.The synagogue was completed in 1874 but the building became redundant through the migration of the Jewish population away from the Cheetham area further north to Prestwich and Whitefield.It re-opened as a museum in March 1984 telling the story of the history of Jewish settlement in Manchester and its community over the last 200 years.
 The Tibet Museum is the official museum of the Central Tibetan Administration's Department of Information and International Relations and is located near the main temple of the 14th Dalai Lama Tsuglag Khang in the Dharamsala suburb of McLeod Ganj. The Tibet Museum aims to disseminate knowledge of Tibetan history and culture while raising awareness of the occupation of Tibet and the ongoing human rights abuses committed by China.
 The Country Club Plaza (often referred to as The Plaza) is an American upscale shopping district and residential neighborhood in Kansas City Missouri. It was the first shopping center in the world designed to accommodate shoppers arriving by automobile. The 55-acre (223000 m²) site is about four miles (6.44 km) south of downtown between 45th and 51st streets to the north and south and between Broadway and Madison Street to the east and west.
 The Montgomery Ward Company Complex is the former national headquarters of Montgomery Ward the United States' oldest mail order firm. The property is located along the North Branch of the Chicago River at 618 W. Chicago Avenue in Near North Side Chicago Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a National Historic Landmark on June 2 1978.
 The Western Australian Rail Transport Museum is a property in Bassendean Western Australia that is run by the Western Australian division of the Australian Railway Historical Society (ARHS) Rail Heritage WA.It has the most comprehensive collection of heritage steam locomotives and rolling stock in Western Australia.
 The Dome Cinema Worthing West Sussex England is a grade II* listed building owned by the Worthing Dome & Regeneration Trust. Then trust leases parts of the building to three separate businesses; the Dome Cinema which has two screens and a Projectionist's Bar Alfresco Services who have two function rooms and the cafe at the front of the building and the Tourist Information Centre. It has closed for refurbishment several times most recently between December 2005 and July 2007.
 The Allstadt House and Ordinary was built about 1790 on land owned by the Lee family near Harpers Ferry West Virginia including Phillip Ludwell Lee Richard Bland Lee and Henry Lee III. The house at the crossroads was sold to the Jacob Allstadt family of Berks County Pennsylvania in 1811. Allstadt operated an ordinary or tavern in the house and a tollgate on the Harpers Ferry-Charles Town Turnpike while he resided farther down the road in a stone house.
 Rubislaw Church is a Church of Scotland parish in the Queen's Cross area of Aberdeen Scotland. It has a recently refurbished church centre on Fountainhall Road.
 St. Francis Xavier Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Grodno Belarus. Originally a Jesuit church it became a cathedral in 1991 when the new diocese of Grodno was erected.
 The Blue House (Korean: 청와대; Hanja: 靑瓦臺; Cheongwadae; literally pavilion of blue tiles) is the executive office and official residence of the South Korean head of state the President of the Republic of Korea and located in the capital city of Seoul.
 Weippe Prairie is a beautiful upland prairie field of about nine by twenty miles of open farmland bordered by pine forests at 3000 feet elevation in Clearwater County Idaho at Weippe Idaho. Camas flowers grow well there and attracted native gatherers of the camas roots.
 The Jaseng Hospital of Oriental Medicine (Hangul: 자생한방병원) is the largest oriental medical hospital specializing in non-surgical treatment of spine and joint disorders in Korea.
 The Olympic Tower (German: Olympiaturm) in the Olympic Park Munich was built for the 1972 Summer Olympics. It has an overall height of 291 m and a weight of 52500 tons. At a height of 190 m there is an observation platform as well as a small rock and roll museum housing various memorabilia which is signposted as Rock Museum outside the entrance. Since its opening in 1968 the tower has registered over 35 million visitors (as of 2004).
 The Apple Blossom Mall is 442000 square feet (41100 m2) and was built in 1982 on the south side of Winchester VA. It has approximately 80 stores and three anchors Sears JCPenney and Belk (formerly Leggett). The shopping mall is 49.1% owned by Simon Property Group and it is managed by Simon.Simon announced in 2007 a major lifestyle redevelopment at Apple Blossom Mall including the addition of a RC Theatres 16-screen complex on the property.
 The Chapin Block is a historic commercial at 208-222 Hamilton Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. Built in 1888 it is the only Shingle style commercial building in Southbridge. It was built by Francis Chapin a local bank officer and real estate developer and provided local shops in a residential neighborhood. It was sold by Chapin shortly after its construction to J. J. Delahanty owner of a local furniture store; it remained in his family until 1972.
 Lee County Courthouse is a courthouse in Marianna Arkansas United States the county seat of Lee County built in 1890 and expanded in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The courthouse was built in the Colonial Revival and art deco styles.
 The Tribune Tower is a 305-ft. (93 m) 22-story building located in downtown Oakland California. Built in 1906 tower erected in 1923 the 89251 sq.-ft. (8291 sq.-m.) building was the tallest building in Oakland constructed in the 1920s. It is currently the 11th tallest building in Oakland.The architecture of the tower much like The Campanile on the UC Berkeley campus (officially the Sather Tower) was inspired by St Mark's Campanile in Venice Italy.The building was opened by Joseph R.
 The Seagram Building is a skyscraper located at 375 Park Avenue between 52nd Street and 53rd Street in Midtown Manhattan New York City. The structure was designed by German architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe while the lobby and other internal aspects were designed by Philip Johnson including The Four Seasons and Brasserie restaurants.YouTube Severud Associates were the structural engineering consultants.The building stands 515 feet (157 m) tall with 38 stories and was completed in 1958.
 The Garden Hotel Guangzhou (a member of Lingnan Group) located in the heart of Guangzhou’s business district is the first and only Platinum 5-Star Hotel in Guangzhou and the Headquarters Hotel of The 16th Asian Games.The Garden Hotel comprises two buildings of Hotel Tower and Garden Tower and occupies a site area of 48000 sq.m a construction area of 180000 sq.m and a total garden area of 21000 sq.m. Kapok the city flower of Guangzhou is also the logo of the Hotel.
 Manhattan Heights (Chinese: 高逸華軒) is a residential skyscraper located in Kennedy Town Hong Kong. Completed in the year 2000 the greenish tower stands 607 ft (185 m) tall and has 55 floors. The architect of this building is SLHO & Associates Ltd. www.slho.com.hk Part of the building is being operated as a serviced apartment.
 The John R. Boyle House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Miami County Courthouse is an historic building in Troy Ohio United States. Built in 1885 it was designed by noted Ohio (and later New York) architect Joseph W. Yost who also designed the similar Belmont County Courthouse built at the same time in St. Clairsville. It has high arched windows Corinthian columns supporting the outthrust corners and main entrance. A flight of stairs runs to the main entrance. The central pediment rests on an arch supported by Corinthian columns.
 Helsinki Court House (Finnish: Helsingin oikeustalo) is situated on Salmisaari in Helsinki Finland. The building was constructed between 1937 and 1940. The building was originally Alko's headquarters factory and main storage. The building was partially reconstructed in 2004 when it became a court house.
 The John D. Haynes House is a private residence in Fort Wayne Indiana designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. The house is a small and modest Usonian design in Chicago Common Brick Red Tidewater Cypress with gravity heating.The gallery is offset to meet the rear of the great room at its center rather than typically to one side. A music room and three bedrooms drop off this gallery.
 South Bristol Grange Hall 1107 is a historic Grange hall located at Bristol Springs in Ontario County New York. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed vernacular frame building built in 1923.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 NewPark Mall is a 1161681 square feet (107923.7 m2) super-regional mall in Newark California. Opened in August 1980 it currently houses more than 140 stores. It serves the Tri-City area (Fremont Newark and Union City).The Marin Farmers Markets nonprofit organization operates a farmers market on the mall property on Sunday. The mall is adjacent to the Newark campus of Ohlone College and Newark Memorial High School.
 The Plaza de Toros de El Bibio is a bullring located in Gijón Asturias Spain.Situated in the neighbourhood of El Bibio it was inaugurated on August 12 1888 with a bullfighting with Luis Mazzantini and Rafael Guerra Guerrita.The bullring was destroyed in the Spanish Civil War and it was renovated in 1997. On March 20 1992 it was declared Bien de Interés Cultural.Apart from bullfighting the ring is also used for music concerts.
 Hambledon Church as it is known locally (historically known as St Peters) is an evangelical Anglican Church in Hambledon Surrey United Kingdom. Hambledon Church is part of a parish with Busbridge Church in the village of Godalming Surrey. Together Busbridge and Hambledon Church have six Sunday congregations ranging from traditional to modern and contemporary services. The benefice of Hambledon Church was originally in the Diocese of Winchester but is now part of the Diocese of Guildford.
 The Negro Masonic Hall in St. Louis Missouri (also known as the Prince Hall Grand Lodge #2) was a historic building built in 1886. Originally constructed as a commercial building it was purchased by the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Missouri (a Masonic Grand Lodge) in 1909 and remodeled as a meeting hall. While the Grand Lodge itself moved to a new location in 1951 several of its subordinate lodges continued to meet in the building until the 1986s.
 Idaho Correctional Center (ICC) is a state prison for men located in Kuna Ada County Idaho one of a cluster of seven detention facilities known as the South Boise Prison Complex.
 The McMorran and Washburne Department Store Building also known as the Tiffany Building is a four-story commercial structure in Eugene Oregon. The original two-story building was constructed in 1902 by Nels Roney as a dry goods store owned by former Eugene mayor J. H. McClung. The building was expanded to four stories in 1913.
 St. John the Baptist Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Salem Massachusetts United States. Founded in 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.
 The Abraham J. Friedlander House is a historic residence in downtown Cincinnati Ohio United States. Erected in 1830 it features a facade three stories tall and three bays wide; although brick is employed in some of the walls both the foundation and the walls are predominately sandstone. At the time of its construction the house was used as a multi-person home; its residents were multiple tradesmen in the house's early years.
 Christ Church Cathedral in Vancouver British Columbia is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of New Westminster of the Anglican Church of Canada. A place of worship in Greater Vancouver the Cathedral is located at 690 Burrard Street on the north-east corner of West Georgia Street and Burrard Street directly across from the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver.
 Hans Herr House also known as the Christian Herr House is a historic home located in West Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1719 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular sandstone Germanic dwelling. It measures 37 feet 9 inches by 30 feet 10 inches. It is the oldest dwelling in Lancaster County and the oldest Mennonite meetinghouse in America. It was restored to its 1719 appearance in 1972-73.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Hacienda is the current name for a hotel in Monterey County California that was completed in 1930 for use by William Randolph Hearst as temporary housing for his employees and guests and headquarters for activities taking place on the surrounding land. The lodge building designed by architect Julia Morgan replaced and expanded upon an earlier wooden structure known as the Milpitas Ranch House which was destroyed by fire in the 1920s.
 Repton is a historic house at 314 Ridgedale Road in Louisville Kentucky that was designed by one of Louisville's leading architect J. J. Gaffney. The current Classical Revival structure was rebuilt in 1902 using the walls and foundation of the original structure which burned in approximately 1895. The original structure was the home of Norbourne Galt. The property was later owned by inventor Thomas W. Moran who built the current 1902 structure.
 Mt. Zion Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Arkansas Highway 81 in Relfs Bluff Arkansas. The single story wood frame structure was built in 1925 and exhibits Craftsman styling with some Classical Revival detailing. The main facade has a gable end with brackets above a recessed entry with Tuscan columns. The wall is finished in flushboarding incised with a carved arch motif.
 The Royal Commonwealth Pool is a category-A-listed building in Edinburgh that houses one of Scotland's main swimming pools. It is usually referred to simply as the Commonwealth Pool and known colloquially as the Commie.The pool was closed for a major refurbishment between August 2009 and March 2012 and reopened on 21 March 2012.
 St Michael's Church Cotham is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Cotham Nottinghamshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.The church stands in an isolated position in a field set well back from the road.
 Druim Moir also known as the Houston Estate Historic District is a historic district in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Druim Moir was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is a contributing property of the Chestnut Hill National Historic District.
 Mel Fisher's Treasure Museum is located at 1322 U.S. Highway 1 Sebastian Florida. It houses exhibits on archaeology and the 1715 Spanish treasure fleet. Taffi Fisher Mel Fisher’s daughter opened the museum in December 1992 in an old abandoned fire station after renovating the building. The museum included a working conservation laboratory used to preserve artifacts recovered from underwater with an observation window for viewing conservation work from inside the museum.
 priceyourmeal is an online restaurant auction site allowing people to bid for meals in restaurants.
 The Cathedral of Talin is a seventh-century Armenian cathedral in the town of Talin Armenia.
 Capilla de la Balesquida is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in 1232.
 Handsell also known as the Webb House is a historic home located at Vienna Dorchester County Maryland United States. It is a late-18th-century Georgian-style manor house. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure over an English basement. The main facade is five bays wide and has a central entrance containing a double door flanked by windows.
 First Baptist Wheaton is an evangelical Christian church located in Wheaton IL situated in southern DuPage County and is not formally related to any denomination or baptist association. The church was founded in 1864 by 20 pioneers around the time Abraham Lincoln was drafting his Gettysburg Address. Weekly church attendance averages nearly 600.
 The Amos Cook House is an historic house on Chopmist Hill Road in Scituate Rhode Island.The house was built in 1812 in a Federal Style and added to the National Historical Register in 1979.
 The EWZ Bridge over East Channel of Laramie River is a Pratt pony truss bridge located near Wheatland Wyoming which carries Platte County Road CN8-204 (Palmer Canyon Road) over the East Channel of the Laramie River. The bridge was built from 1913 to 1914 by the Pueblo Bridge Company. The single-span bridge is 71 feet 2 inches (21.69 m) long.
 University United Methodist Church Austin Texas is a United Methodist Church belonging to the Southwest Texas Conference of the United Methodist Church. Located at the corner of 24th Street and Guadalupe Street (known to locals as the Drag) UUMC has been a fixture near the University of Texas at Austin campus for more than 120 years.
 The Bras d'Or House is an historic building in Baddeck Nova Scotia Canada.
 Alameda Hospital is a hospital in Alameda California United States.
 Keystone Hook and Ladder Company is a historic fire station located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1886-1887 and is a two-story brick building in the Queen Anne style. A two-story annex was added in 1888 or 1890. The front facade features a wooden bell tower with a pyramidal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Francis J. Child House is an historic house at 67 Kirkland Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in 1861 and is a distinctive Second Empire cottage with jigsaw-cut molding over its gable windows. The lower (steep) portion of the mansard roof has hexagonal tiles and the building retains its original siding.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and included in the Shady Hill Historic District in 1986.
 The U.S. Post Office in Port Jervis New York serves the 12771 ZIP Code. This covers all of the city of Port Jervis and adjoining portions of the Town of Deer Park. It is located downtown at 20 Sussex St.The building was designed by Oscar Wenderoth in the early 1920s in a Colonial Revival style of brick and mortar. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. In 2007 the United States Congress enacted legislation introduced by Rep. John Hall to rename the building the E.
 The Thomas F. Doran Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 27 John Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The wood frame building was built c. 1894 and is one a few well-preserved Stick style triple deckers in the city. It has molding strips between the floors and a hip roof with bracketed eaves. The front facade has a projecting square bay whose gable end contains spindle woodwoork in a sunburst pattern.
 Casey's Diner is a historic ten-stool diner located at 36 South Avenue in Natick Massachusetts famous for its steamed hot dogs that snap when first bitten into. Casey's is one of the oldest operating diners in the United States.
 The Serpentine Galleries are two contemporary art galleries in Kensington Gardens Hyde Park Central London. Comprising the Serpentine Gallery and the Serpentine Sackler Gallery they are within five minutes' walk of each other linked by the bridge over the Serpentine Lake from which the galleries get their names. Their exhibitions architecture education and public programmes attract up to 1.2 million visitors a year. Admission to both galleries is free.
 The Goaldi Mosque is one of the very few surviving medieval monuments in the city of Sonargaon about half mile northwest of the little township of Panam near Sonargaon in Narayanganj district. There are two such precariously surviving old single-domed mosques in the hamlet of Goaldi virtually hidden behind thick bamboo brakes and clusters of mango and jackfruit tree groves.
 Trinity Lutheran Church is a historic church at 415 W. Tuscarawas Street in Canton Ohio.It was built by Guy Tilden in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Airmount Grave Shelter also known as the Hope Family Grave Shelter is a brick grave shelter or grave house located in the Airmount Cemetery near Thomasville Alabama. It is unusual in that it protects six graves instead of the more common one grave. The brick structure was built in 1853 by John Hope. It is built in a vernacular Greek Revival style with a gabled roof. The interior features a wooden vaulted ceiling.
 1099 14th Street NW also known as Franklin Court is a high-rise Postmodern skyscraper located in Washington D.C. in the United States. Constructed in 1992 as part of the redevelopment of the Franklin Square area from a red-light district to an area of office buildings it is a Class A office building with 11 stories aboveground four below and a mezzanine. Its tower when built was the highest in the city.
 For similarly named entities see Athenaeum (disambiguation)Ateneum is an art museum in Helsinki Finland and one of the museums of the Finnish National Gallery. It is located in the centre of Helsinki at the Rautatientori square opposite Helsinki Central railway station. It has the biggest collections of classical art in Finland. Previously the Ateneum building also housed the Finnish Academy of Fine Arts and University of Art and Design Helsinki.
 The Green Plain Monthly Meetinghouse is a historic former Quaker house of worship near South Charleston in Clark County Ohio United States. Built in 1843 it was used by a part of a monthly meeting that was established in the area in 1822.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 1974. It is affiliated with the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac.
 Jem (Chinese: 裕廊东广场) is a suburban mall in Jurong East Singapore. It is the first lifestyle hub in western Singapore with integration of shopping entertainment and residence at the same location.The mall is directly connected to Jurong East MRT station and close to Jurong East Bus Interchange.Jem is the first lifestyle hub in Singapore's west where mid to mid-plus shopping meets entertainment; functionality meets experience and where community culture meets city inspiration.
 The McGehee-Stringfellow House also known as Oak Grove was a historic plantation house near Greensboro Alabama USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 17 1980 due to its architectural significance.
 Erie Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906 and is a T-shaped brick building in the Romanesque style. It consists of a three-story flat roofed administration building with an attached two-story gambrel roofed drill hall.
 Dundaga Castle is a medieval castle in Dundaga Latvia in the Dundaga municipality. Latvia considers Dundaga Castle to be a monument of archaeological and of architectural importance.
 The former Isanti County Courthouse located at 237 2nd Avenue South West corner of Birch Street in Cambridge Minnesota United States is an historic two-story redbrick county courthouse built in 1888. Today it is known as Court House Square and has been remodeled into a private office building. On July 24 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The current county courthouse is located at 555 18th Avenue South West.
 The Montreal Symphony House (French: Maison symphonique de Montréal) is a concert hall in Montreal Quebec Canada. The Montreal Symphony House is located at the corner of de Maisonneuve Boulevard West and Saint Urbain Street on the northeastern esplanade of Place des Arts in the Quartier des Spectacles.Construction began in May 2009 and the concert hall was inaugurated September 7 2011.
 The Kutaisi synagogue is one of three synagogues in Kutaisi in the republic of Georgia.
 The Lesbian Herstory Archives (LHA) is a New York City-based archive community center and museum dedicated to preserving lesbian history. The Archives contain the world's largest collection of materials by and about lesbians.The Archives were founded in 1974 by lesbian members of the Gay Academic Union who had organized a group to discuss sexism within that organization.
 The Church of St. George (Amharic: Bete Giyorgis?</span>) is one of eleven monolithic churches in Lalibela a city in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Originally named Roha or Warwar this historical and religious site is currently accepted in the modern name of Lalibela after King Gebre Mesqel Lalibela of Ethiopia who is regarded as a saint-like figure by the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
 Saint-Esprit-de-Rosemont Church (French: Église Saint-Esprit-de-Rosemont) (formerly Sainte-Philomène Church) is a Roman Catholic church in the Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie borough of Montreal. Built between 1931 and 1933 it is one of the rare churches with Art-deco architecture. The architect Joseph-Égilde-Césaire Daoust completed the foundations and basement 1922–23; and completed the church 1932-33.It is situated on Masson Street in the heart of the Vieux-Rosemont neighbourhood.
 King Library is the main library of Miami University in Oxford Ohio. The largest of four libraries on the Oxford campus it serves as the primary library facility and center of administration for the Miami University Libraries system.
 Jannée Castle (French: Château de Jannée) is a castle in Jannée in the village of Pessoux municipality of Ciney province of Namur Belgium.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1160 Georgia Street in the west end of Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style by the noted Vancouver architectural firm of Matheson and De Guerre. Built in 1918 it is a two-storey brick building with basement. In 2002 First Church of Christ Scientist sold its building to Coastal Church.
 The University Orthopaedic Center is the only full-service specialty center of its kind in the Intermountain West including services in joint reconstruction sports medicine pediatric orthopaedics spinal disorders hand foot and ankle trauma musculoskeletal oncology shoulder and elbow and physical therapy.
 Beaumont Hospital is a public voluntary hospital located in Beaumont Dublin Ireland. It is the second largest hospital in the Republic of Ireland. It is managed by a Hospital Board and provides acute care hospital services including a 24-hour emergency departmentfor the population of North East Dublin city and North County Dublin Dublin. It also provides several regional and national specialist services.
 The Valkenberg Hospital is a large government-funded tertiary psychiatric hospital in the city of Cape Town South Africa.It is situated in the suburb of Observatory between the banks of the Liesbeeck and Black Rivers overlooking Devil's Peak in the distance.
 East Liberty Presbyterian Church also known as the Cathedral of Hope is in the East Liberty neighborhood of the East End of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.
 The Lassen Volcanic National Park Highway Historic District includes the main roadway developed within Lassen Volcanic National Park in northern California from 1925 to 1951. The road was developed to allow tourists access to the central part of the national park and was designed in accordance with National Park Service design principles for naturalistic road design and the National Park Service Rustic style of design and construction.
 The Cathedral of St. James (Armenian: Սրբոց Յակոբեանց Վանք Հայոց or Saint Jacob Armenian Cathedral) is a 12th-century Armenian church in the Armenian Quarter of Jerusalem near the quarter's entry gate. The cathedral is dedicated to Christian Saints: James the Greater (one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus) and James the Just (brother of Jesus).It is the principal church of the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem also known as the Armenian Patriarchate of St. James.
 Islamic Foundation is a mosque located in Villa Park Illinois. It was built in 1974 and was one of the largest mosques in America upon its completion. The mosque is connected to Islamic Foundation School with which it is affiliated.
 The Commercial Historic District in Potlatch Idaho was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. In 1986 it included seven contributing buildings and one other contributing object. It includes work by architect C. Ferris White and work by A.M. Homes.
 The Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company Building also known as the Northern Implement Company and the American Trio Building is a warehouse building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. PPG Industries of Pittsburgh constructed the structure. It was designed by locally notable firm Kees and Colburn and shows strong influences of noted architect Louis Sullivan.
 The Princess Alexandra Hospital (PAH) is on Ipswich Road in Woolloongabba Australia. It is one of the major hospitals in Brisbane and is a teaching hospital of the University of Queensland. It is a tertiary level teaching hospital with all major medical and surgical specialities onsite except for obstetrics gynaecology and paediatrics.
 The Palm is an American fine-dining steakhouse that opened in 1926. It is located in New York City at 837 Second Avenue (between East 44th Street and East 45th Street) in Manhattan.Since its beginnings management has opened additional restaurants throughout the United States Puerto Rico and Mexico. The Palm is notable for steak lobster traditional Italian dishes and the caricatures of individuals sketched on its walls.
 The Washington County Courthouse in Hillsboro Oregon is the courthouse for Washington County Oregon in the United States. Washington County was established in 1843 and the first government building was finished in 1852. The current courthouse was built in 1928 with an addition and renovations to the structure in 1972. Currently the building houses courtrooms the county sheriff’s dispatch staff offices and the office of the district attorney.
 The Lynn Masonic Hall is a historic Masonic building located at 64-68 Market Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1880 for the Lynn branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA). It is one of two surviving Victorian Gothic buildings in downtown Lynn. The YMCA occupied the building until 1907 when it moved to other quarters (no longer extant) across the street.
 The Marquam Manor located in southwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Wayland E. Poole House is a historic home located near Auburn North Carolina a suburb of the state capital Raleigh. Built in 1911 the house is a Queen Anne cross-gabled frame building with a wraparound porch. In September 2003 the Waylard E. Poole House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Alban's Church Swaythling Southampton stands on Tulip Road just off the main Burgess Road. The church and its associated hall is a Grade II listed building.
 Brandywine Summit Camp Meeting is a historic camp meeting and national historic district located at Concord Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes 76 contributing buildings near Chadds Ford village. The buildings are in a vernacular camp meeting style of architecture. The centerpiece of the community are the Tabernacle built about 1884 and Pavilion also dated to the 1880s.
 Rocheport also known as Rocheport Historic District is a historic district in Rocheport Missouri. It dates from 1830. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.Rocheport was a trading post for both settlers and Native Americans. After the purchase of the Louisiana Territory in 1803 President Thomas Jefferson commissioned Meriwether Lewis and William Clark to lead an expedition to explore the western territories.
 The Monarch Office Tower is a 40-floor tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 160 m (526 ft). Construction of The Monarch Office Tower was completed in 2007.
 The Amos Judkins House is a historic house at 8 Central Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1884 and is an excellent and well-preserved example of Queen Anne styling. It has asymmetrical massing anda variety of gables projections and recessed areas that add variety to its external appearance. The exterior is clad in part in clapboards and in part with decoratively cut wood shingles.
 The Nafsika Stamoulis Hellenic Museum Limited is a museum in Melbourne Australia.
 The Paul Stock House was the residence of three-time Cody Wyoming mayor oilman rancher and philanthropist Paul Stock. Built in 1945-46 the house is on a secluded site on a bluff overlooking the Shoshone River with a view of Heart and Cedar Mountains on the edge of Cody. The house was designed by Leon Goodrich who was fired after two months because Stock didn't want to be told what to do by the architect.
 The Al Thuraya Tower 2 is a 27-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Al Thuraya Tower 2 was completed after two years in 2006.
 The Old Parliament building (Greek: Παλαιά Βουλή Paleá Voulí) at Stadiou Street in Athens housed the Greek Parliament between 1875 and 1932. It now houses the country's National Historical Museum (Εθνικό Ιστορικό Μουσείο Ethnikó Istorikó Mouseío).
 The Synagogue de Nazareth is situated on the Rue Notre-Dame-de-Nazareth in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris and is the oldest of the 'great' synagogues of Paris. It is normally known as Synagogue Nazareth rather than Synagogue de la rue Nazareth its official name.
 Covenham Priory was a priory in Covenham St Bartholomew Lincolnshire England. The manor which formed the endowment of the priory of Covenham was granted in 1082 by William the Conqueror to the abbot and convent of Saint Calais Le Mans at the request of the Bishop of Durham a former a monk of that abbey. A small Benedictine priory was built soon after but it is probable that there were never more than two monks or perhaps only one to take charge of the estate.
 The Mobile Marriott is a high-rise hotel in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. Completed in 1979 the building rises 325 feet (99 m) and 20 stories. The Mobile Marriott is tied with the Mobile Government Plaza as the 4th-tallest building in Mobile and the 10th-tallest in Alabama. It also stands as the second-tallest hotel in the city and the state after the Renaissance Riverview Plaza Hotel.
 Not to be confused with Rougemont Castle in ExeterRugemont Castle was a castle in the village of Ridgmont in the county of Bedfordshire England.(grid reference SP97033846). Not much is known about Rugemont Castle as the castle was not mentioned prior to the 12th century. It was believed to have been a timber castle the stronghold of the Wahull family and later the de Grey family.
 The James S. Polhemus House is a house located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Johannes Goldade House near Linton North Dakota United States was built in 1890. The house is representative of the architecture of the Black Sea Germans who immigrated from a region of the Russia Empire that is now located in southern Ukraine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
 The Albert Einstein House at 112 Mercer Street in Princeton Mercer County New Jersey United States was the home of Albert Einstein from 1936 until his death in 1955.The house was probably built in the 1870s or 1880s. The house is a simple pattern-book cottage and in itself is of no particular architectural significance.Albert Einstein reportedly requested that this house not be made a museum and the family did not want it to be recognized as such.
 McClellan's General Store is an historic structure located in New London Iowa United States. James and Adeline McClellan moved to Henry County in 1856. He bought the lot for $365 in 1867 and had the building built for a mercantile business that he founded the same year. It was the first building constructed in the simplified Italianate style in town He added dry goods to his store in 1875 and the business was renamed McClellan and Stottard Dry Goods Store at about the same time.
 Eastville Stadium also known as Bristol Stadium and Bristol Stadium – Eastville was a stadium in Eastville a northern suburb of the English city of Bristol.Constructed in 1897 it was the home of Bristol Rovers F.C. the Bristol Bulldogs speedway team and was also a greyhound racing venue.
 The old Schiller Piano Company also known as Conover Square is located in Oregon Illinois the county seat of Ogle County. The company was founded in 1890 and remained in operation until 1971. The company produced many thousands of pianos through the years and in 1936 the company merged with the Cable Piano Company and produced pianos under the name Cable and Conover.
 The Centre at Salisbury is an 862000-square-foot (80100 m2) super-regional mall owned by Rouse Properties in Salisbury Maryland. The mall is the only regional shopping mall in a 60-mile (97 km) radius. The main anchor stores include Macy's Boscov's Sears JCPenney and Dick's Sporting Goods and it also features a 16 screen cinema stadium-style Regal Cinemas movie theater that opened in 2005 in the space formerly occupied by Montgomery Ward.
 Montpelier located near Orange Virginia was the plantation estate of the prominent Madison family of Virginia including James Madison fourth President of the United States. The manor house of Montpelier is four miles (6 km) south of Orange Virginia and the estate currently covers nearly 2700 acres (1100 ha).In 1960 Montpelier was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 Black Creek Pioneer Village is a heritage museum in Toronto Ontario Canada just west of York University and southeast of the Jane and Steeles intersection. It overlooks Black Creek a tributary of the Humber River. The village is a recreation of life in 19th-century Ontario and gives an idea how rural Ontario might have looked in the early-to-mid-19th century. The village is a regular destination for field trips by schoolchildren from the Greater Toronto Area.
 New York New Haven & Hartford Passenger Depot is a historic train station on Depot Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was built by the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1910 and served as a passenger station until 1930. It is built in a Spanish Colonial style with stucco walls and a tile roof a style which is uncommon in any sort of building in central Massachusetts.
 The Church of St. Wenceslaus is a Catholic church in New Prague Minnesota a town originally settled by Czech immigrants of the Catholic faith who arrived in the New Prague area around 1856.The group of immigrants who settled New Prague had originally settled around Dubuque Iowa but many of them died of cholera. Four men from the community traveled up the Mississippi River to Saint Paul in search of a healthier climate.
 The Gerhardt Octagonal Pig House near Gladstone North Dakota United States was built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital (Marathi: दीनानाथ मंगेशकर रुग्णालय) is a large hospital in Pune India located in 6 acres with over 500 beds. The name is been given against the famous a well-known Marathi theatre actor a renowned Natya Sangeet musician and an exceptional Hindustani classical vocalist Deenanath Mangeshkar. This is one of the prefeered private hospitals in Pune. First human milk bank established in the city is been started in this hospital.
 Nesna Church (Norwegian: Nesna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Nesna. The church is part of the Nesna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was constructed in 1880 and it seats about 800 people. The Neo-Gothic style church was designed by Niels Stockfleth Darre Eckhoff.
 The Burj Qatar (Arabic: قطر برج) is a skyscraper in West Bay Doha Qatar. The $125-million office building designed by French architect Jean Nouvel has a height of 232 metres (761 ft) with 46 stories. The Chicago-based Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat named it the best tall building in the Middle East and North Africa in 2012 citing the way the cylindrical building uses ancient Islamic patterns in its cylindrical design.
 The Field Matron's Cottage also known as the Stone Building was built circa 1925 on the Reno-Sparks Indian Colony in Sparks Nevada. The cottage was built to support a Bureau of Indian Affairs program to instruct the 20 acres (8.1 ha) colony's Paiute and Washoe girls in sanitation and housekeeping skills. A field matron was provided by the Bureau from 1919 to as late as 1938.
 Monterey Historic District is a national historic district located in Washington Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes 60 contributing buildings associated with a late-19th century summer resort community developed primarily after 1885. The residential buildings include a number of high-styled Late Victorian Georgian Revival and Colonial Revival style cottage dwellings.
 Amawalk Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 2467 Quaker Church Road in Yorktown Heights Westchester County New York. It was is the third meetinghouse built on the property; the previous two were destroyed by fire. Built in 1831 it is a two story rectangular wood frame building measuring 30 feet by 40 feet.
 The Unilever Research & Development Port Sunlight Laboratory is the multinational consumer goods company Unilever's main research and development facility in the United Kingdom. It is located in Bebington Merseyside.
 St. Cyril and Methodius Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Bridgeport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Trinity Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Trinity Methodist Church was a historic Methodist Episcopal church at 420 Ben Street in Clarksburg Harrison County West Virginia. It was built in 1902 and was a modest late-Victorian Gothic-Romanesque style brick structure. It was a two story rectangular building with a slate covered gable roof. It featured a three story square bell tower with an open belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Dr. Nelson Wilson House is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington Indiana. It was placed on the Register on June 26 2008 due to its unique architecture (a mix of Queen Anne and Eastlake) and for being the work of prominent local architect John W. Gaddis. The Daviess County Interim Report gave the house its highest rating: Outstanding.Nelson H. Wilson born in Jefferson County Indiana on November 12 1844 married Matilda M. Campbell in 1889.
 Joseph Rogers House (also known as Robert Rogers House and former headquarters of the Preservation Society of Newport County) is an historic building in Newport Rhode Island.The house was built in the 1790s on 37 Touro Street in Newport. Saint Joseph's Church donated the building to the Preservation Society of Newport County and Dr. and Mrs. David Van Pelt restored the building for the Society. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Noble County Courthouse is located in Caldwell Ohio. The building was constructed in 1933-1934 and designed by Charles J. Marr. The building was constructed with red brick manufactured at nearby Ava Ohio to control costs of construction. The windows are flat rectangular panels with either an arch pediment and decorative natural stone keystones or a slanted pediment. The building may be entered by a few stairs leading to a small recessed porch with archway openings.
 The Ransom County Courthouse in Lisbon North Dakota was designed in the Art Deco style by architect Ira Rush. It was built in 1937 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Ira Rush designed several courthouses in North Dakota in the Art Deco style; other examples include the Sheridan County Courthouse and Burleigh County Courthouse.
 House at 56 Cornelia Street is a historic home located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built in about 1850 and is a two story rectangular building on a stone foundation. It features a porch with a moulded cornice and decorative brackets.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Emigrant Springs in Lincoln County Wyoming near Kemmerer was an important camping ground area of wagon trains on the Emigrant Trail headed for California or Oregon and is now a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located on a main branch of the Sublette Cutoff of the Emigrant Trail where the slightly longer but better watered Slate Creek Cutoff rejoins the Sublette Cutoff. It is named for a spring feeding Emigrant Creek which empties into Slate Creek.
 Bradford County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Towanda Bradford County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1896 and 1898 and is a four-story cruciform shaped building with Classical Revival and Renaissance Revival-style design influences. It has rusticated sandstone exterior walls and a 50-foot diameter octagonal dome atop the roof. It features an entrance portico supported by Tuscan order columns.
 J. B. Milleysack Cigar Factory is a historic cigar factory located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 and is a three-story rectangular red brick building on a stone foundation. It is three bays by four bays and has a shed-type roof. The building was damaged by fire in January 1990 and subsequently restored. It housed a cigar factory and later a toy manufacturer.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Whitelaw Hotel is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of the Northwest quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Mersin Museum is the main museum of Mersin Turkey. It is operated by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism.
 The Five Dragons Temple (simplified Chinese: 五龙庙; traditional Chinese: 五龍庙; pinyin: Wǔ Lóng Mìao) is a Taoist temple located in Ruicheng Shanxi Province China. It is also known as King Guangren's Temple (广仁王庙).The temple contains China's second oldest dated timber building the Main Hall. It was built in 833 and is of the Tang Dynasty. It measures five bays across and has a hip-gable roof.
 Patapsco Female Institute (PFI) is a former girls' boarding school now a partially rebuilt historical site located on Church Road in Ellicott City Maryland United States. The grounds are home to popular outdoor theatrical performances by The Chesapeake Shakespeare CompanyThe Patapsco Female Institute designed by architect Robert Cary Long Jr.
 The Fugina House is located in Fountain City Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Hooker Woodframe Grain Elevator is a grain elevator in Hooker Oklahoma. The elevator was built in 1926 by the Riffe & Gilmore Co. and operated by the Wheat Pool Elevator Company. Located along the Beaver Mead & Englewood Railroad the elevator served the local wheat industry; it was one of several elevatos built to compete with Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad elevators in the region. The elevator was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1983.
 The Westin Poinsett Hotel is a twelve-story landmark hotel in downtown Greenville South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Built at the end of an era during which small Southern cities demanded quality hotels to attract business travelers and symbolize their new urban status the Poinsett Hotel was in part conceived to accommodate visitors to a biennial Southern Textile Exhibit held in Greenville.
 Chungking Mansions is a building located at 36-44 Nathan Road in Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon Hong Kong. The building is well knownREDIRECT Template:To whom? as nearly the cheapest accommodation in Hong Kong. Though the building is supposedlyREDIRECT Template:To whom? residential it is made up of many independent low-budget hotels shops and other services.
 Kahaluʻu Bay (/ˌkɑːhəˈluːʔuː/; Hawaiian pronunciation: [ˈkɐhɐˈluʔu]) is a historic district and popular recreation area on the Kona coast of the Big Island of Hawaiʻi.
 The Oakwood-Chimborazo Historic District is a national historic district of 434 acres (176 ha) located in Richmond Virginia. It includes 1284 contributing buildings three contributing structures five contributing objects and four contributing sites. It includes work by architect D. Wiley Anderson.
 Adelaide House is a listed office building on King William Street at London Bridge in the City of London.
 The Walker Art Gallery is an art gallery in Liverpool which houses one of the largest art collections in England outside of London. It is part of the National Museums Liverpool group and is promoted as the National Gallery of the North because it is not a local or regional gallery but is part of the national museums and galleries administered directly from central government funds.
 Eastmoreland Hospital was a 100-bed medical center in Portland Oregon United States. Closed in January 2004 along with sister hospital Woodland Park the facility was purchased by Reed College and torn down.
 The Pinnacle is a 22-story skyscraper in the Buckhead district of Atlanta. Built at the corner of Lenox and Peachtree Roads construction was finished in 1998. Given that Buckhead is the financial center of both Atlanta and the Southeast many of the buildings tenants are in the financial sector including brokerage and consulting firms such as Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley.
 The Little Falls Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Fallston Harford County Maryland United States. It was constructed in 1843 and is a sprawling one-story fieldstone structure with shallow-pitched gable roof and a shed-roofed porch. The building replaced an earlier meetinghouse built in 1773. Also on the property is a cemetery and a one-story frame mid-19th century school building with additions made post-1898 and in 1975.
 Stead House a grand Victorian Italianate residence located in Marrickville a suburb of Sydney's Inner West was initially established as “Waterloo Villa” sometime in the early 1850s by Archibald Mitchell on part of the 30 acre grant known as “Wain’s Farm”.
 Walkerton Tavern was built in 1825. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. In 1984 the listing included five contributing buildings and one contributing site.The tavern is owned by the government of Henrico County Virginia and is used as a community center. It is also available for rental.
 The Architects Building is an office building located at 415 Brainard Street in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Wanamaker's department store was the first department store in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and one of the first department stores in the United States. At its zenith in the early 20th century there were two major Wanamaker department stores one in Philadelphia and one in New York City at Broadway and Tenth Street. Both employed extremely large staffs.
 The Hale-Boynton House built in 1764 is a historic house on Middle Street in Newbury Massachusetts. The house is now part of the campus of The Governor's Academy where it is referred to as Boynton House.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Sandy Creek in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1878 and is a two story brick High Victorian Gothic style building with a rectangular plan. It features a steeply pitched slate roof and a three tiered tower.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Reformed Church of Tappan in Tappan Rockland County New York (formed 1694) is a historic church. It is a contributing property to the Tappan Historic District.Its first structure built 1716 (worshipers met in homes before this) was used in 1780 for the trial of British Major John André who conspired with Benedict Arnold to buy the plans for the fortifications at West Point for the British and of Joshua Hett Smith tried for and acquitted of treason.
 The Lotz House is a building in Franklin Tennessee that was built in 1858. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Kensington High School for Girls is a historic high school building located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1916-1917. It is a 3 1/2-story nine-bay by seven-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Tudor Revival style. It features limestone sills and lintels and a brick parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Hotel Splendid is the a 5-star hotel in Bečići Montenegro. The hotel was built and completely reconstructed between 2005 and 2006.
 Williams Hall is located on the campus of Miami University in Oxford Ohio. It is the home of Miami University's Department of Journalism and Department of Communications.
 Spindrift Sailing Yacht is located in Fairfield Township Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The yacht was built in 1882 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22 1982.
 The Food Industry Centre (FIC) at Cardiff Metropolitan University (also known as UWIC) is a Welsh research and education organisation designed to address issues of food safety and food-related health concerns. Its mission also includes supporting the Welsh food industry. The centre which is part of UWIC’s Cardiff School of Health Sciences at the university's Llandaff campus was launched in 1999. A new facility for the centre opened on 21 April 2009 and was built at a cost of £5000000.
 St Sampson's Church is the Church of England parish church of the village of Golant Cornwall England United Kingdom; it is dedicated to St Sampson of Dol.St Sampson's features in Simon Jenkins's book England's Thousand Best Churches in which it is described as warm and welcoming. The poet John Betjeman remarked that its pews were extremely uncomfortable recall the fidgets of Gus and Flora in Ravenshoe.
 Unitarian Universalists of San Mateo is a Unitarian Universalist congregation located in San Mateo California. Founded in 1952 the congregation is a member of the Unitarian Universalist Association. In the 1960s it purchased an historic Carpenter Gothic style-building located at 300 East Santa Inez Avenue that previously had been a Methodist church. It features the steep gabled roofs lancet windows and a corner belfry which are typical of the Carpenter Gothic style.
 The Church of St. James the Great is an Anglican church in the Lower Gornal area of Sedgley in the West Midlands England. The church is Grade II listed a status it received on 11 March 1996. It is located within the Anglican Diocese of Worcester.Construction of the church commenced in 1815 and was completed in 1817 although it came into use in 1823. It was designed by Thomas Lee and built of local yellow stone with slate and tile roofs.
 Deccan Park is the single largest Global Development Center (GDC) commissioned in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. The facility is designed by Swiss architect Mario Botta.
 The Plaza Romania is a shopping mall in Bucharest Romania. The construction based on an uncompleted hunger circus abandoned after the fall of Nicolae Ceauşescu has 3 distinguishible parts — a central structure with a dome 40 metres in diameter and two new and complex wing structures. The centre has two functional sections - a mall and a hypermarket which can be operated independently according to operation conditions. The site also includes an open-air carpark and an indoor carpark.
 Hillesøy Church (Norwegian: Hillesøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the Brennsholmen area on the western part of the island of Kvaløya. The church is part of the Hillesøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1889 and it seats about 450 people. The architect was D. G. Evjen.
 Ellingsøy Church (Norwegian: Ellingsøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the island of Ellingsøya just west of the village of Myklebost. The church is part of the Ellingsøy parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The brick church was built in 1990 as a chapel and expanded to a church in 1998. It seats about 380 people.
 Stone Arabia School also known now as Stone Arabia Schoolhouse Museum was built in 1854 in Cicero New York. It is significant as an outstanding example of a mid-nineteenth century modest Greek Revival style one-room schoolhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It is operated by a local history group the Cicero Historical Society and is open on weekends during the summer.
 Wertz Mill is a historic grist mill located in Wernersville Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1892 and is a three-story brick building with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It measure 60 feet by 58 feet 3 inches and features a cupola atop the roof. It has a two-story brick extension built in the 1930s. The mill remained in operation until 1969.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Maltby Preceptory was a house of the Knights Hospitaller in the village of Maltby Lincolnshire England. There are two differing accounts regarding its history.It was established as a house for the during the reign of King Stephen around 1135-54 by Ranulf Earl of Chester and included the church and Maltby and land both there and in the villages of Tathwell and Rauceby.
 Chester Congregational Church is a historic church at 4 Chester Street in Chester New Hampshire.It was built in 1773 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Summit (Chinese: 御峰) is a residential skyscraper located in Happy Valley Hong Kong. It is one of the tallest residential buildings in the city standing at 220 metres (722 ft) tall with 65 storeys. Construction of the building began in 1999 and it opened in 2001. Highcliff another tall skyscraper stands right next to this building.Due to the visual effect of its proximity to Highcliff another very thin and tall building the two together are often referred to as The Chopsticks.
 White Flint Mall is a shopping mall located along Rockville Pike in Montgomery County Maryland due for closing and demolition in 2014.
 Hollingbourne Manor is an Elizabethan manor house in Hollingbourne Kent England.
 Centreville Presbyterian Church (South Monaghan Ontario) was established in 1833. The first minister the Rev. James Douglas(s) (June 11 1792-April 30 1870) was inducted in 1834 a native of Monaghan in Ireland who came from a congregation in Lisbon Pennsylvania. A frame church was built in 1852 and a new brick church building was constructed in 1863.
 Saint Vincent Health System commonly known as simply St. Vincent's is medical facility located in Erie PA. It is one of the largest employers in the Erie region. The complex features several large buildings including an award winning heart attack heart care unit.
 The Church of Nossa Senhora dos Milagres (Portuguese: Igreja de Nossa Senhora dos Milagres) is a Portuguese 16th-century church located in the municipality of Vila do Corvo on the island of Corvo in the archipelago of the Azores.
 The Waiʻoli Mission District at Hanalei Bay on Route 560 along the north shore of the island of Kauaʻi is the site of a historic mission. The first permanent missionaries to the area arrived in 1834 and the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The building is known as Wai‘oli Mission House and is now a museum open to the public.
 Zion Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Clarkson Nebraska that is significant as the first Czech Presbyterian Church in Nebraska and one of a very few in this section of the country. It was designed by a Czech architect named M.D. Flechor and was built during 1887-88.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Its NRHP nomination asserts that its architecture expresses the Czech national spirit.
 Lowestoft Hospital is a National Health Service (NHS) hospital on Tennyson Road in Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk. It is managed by the James Paget University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. It provides convalescing community care for elderly people a minor injuries unit and a variety of other services. It has no accident and emergency department.The earliest buildings on the site date from the late 19th century and are over 150 years old.
 The Nancy Lincoln Inn is a historic building located at the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Site in LaRue County Kentucky just south of Hodgenville Kentucky. Despite being on National Park Service property it is privately owned.Built in 1928 the one-story unhewn chestnut and red heart pine log building is of American Craftsman style with five bays. It has a stone foundation limestone chimney and gabled roof. To the east are four small overnight cabins also built in 1928.
 The White House in Bastrop Texas is a Late Victorian style building from 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St John the Divine Kennington is an Anglican church in London. The parish of Kennington is within the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. The church was designed by the architect George Edmund Street (who also built the Royal Courts of Justice on Strand London) in the Decorated Gothic style and was built between 1871 and 1874. Today it is a grade I listed building.The church stands on Vassall Road Kennington in Vassall Ward in the London Borough of Lambeth.
 The Santa Barbara County Courthouse is located at 1100 Anacapa Street in downtown Santa Barbara California. The Spanish Colonial Revival style building was designed by William Mooser III and completed in 1929. Architect Charles Willard Moore called it the grandest Spanish Colonial Revival structure ever built and the prime example of Santa Barbara's adoption of Spanish Colonial as its civic style.
 The Milton Mausoleum is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Milton Nottinghamshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church which stands on a hill and is visible from the Markham Moor junction on the A1 road has also been known as All Saints Church West Markham and been confused with the medieval parish church of All Saints' Church West Markham.
 The Charles M. Schulz Museum and Research Center is a museum dedicated to the works of Charles Schulz creator of the Peanuts comic strip. The museum opened on August 17 2002 and is located in Santa Rosa California.The museum is home to many of the original Peanuts strips as well as other artwork by Schulz.
 St. Casimir Parish is a Catholic parish in South Bend Indiana United States. Founded in 1898. It is one of the Roman Catholic parishes in the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend.Weekend masses are at Saturday 5:00 p.m. (English 2nd and 4th Saturdays of the month only) Sunday 9:30 a.m. (English) and 11:15 a.m. (Spanish)
 The O'Connor-Proctor Building on N. Main in Victoria Texas was built in 1895 at cost of $7721. It was designed by architect Paul Helwig and its exterior is St. Louis red brick trimmed with Kerrville white limestone. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.In 2013 it is the headquarters building of the Junior League of Victoria.
 St Radegund's Priory Cambridge was a Benedictine nunnery in Cambridge Cambridgeshire England. It was founded before 1144 (probably in the late 1130s) and dissolved in 1496 by the initiative of John Alcock Bishop of Ely.Radegund was a 6th-century Frankish princess who founded the monastery of the Holy Cross at Poitiers.
 Old Dubbo Gaol was a prison in the city of Dubbo New South Wales Australia. It was the second gaol in Dubbo replacing lockups built in 1847 and 1862.When closed the State Government planned its demolition and replacement with a multi-storey office block. Protests led by the city council and historical society led to the plans being dropped.
 Kruševac Fortress or City of Prince Lazar (Serbian: Крушевачки град Kruševački grad) was a medieval fortified town in Kruševac Serbia former capital of Prince Lazar. Within the city there is the court church Lazarica. Today all that remains of the town is very small ruins.
 Embsay Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 The First Hungarian Reformed Church of New York (Hungarian: New York-i Első Magyar Református Egyház) is located on East 69th Street in the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is a stucco-faced brick building completed in 1916 in a Hungarian vernacular architectural style housing a congregation established in 1895.It is the only Christian religious building designed by Hungarian-born architect Emery Roth later known for his apartment buildings on Central Park West.
 The Marsh Foundation School is an alternative school in Van Wert Ohio United States. Housed in a complex of historic buildings along the former Lincoln Highway the school and an associated children's home were founded to serve impoverished children throughout northwestern Ohio.Born in 1833 George H. Marsh settled in Van Wert at the age of twelve with his father.
 The Dahesh Museum of Art is the only museum in the United States devoted to the collection and exhibition of European academic art of the 19th and 20th century.[citation needed] The collection originated with Lebanese writer humanist and philosopher Saleem Moussa Ashi (1909–1984) whose pen name was Dr. Dahesh. The core of the museum's exhibit is Dr. Dahesh's collection of more than 2000 academic paintings created in a style that struggled for years to compete with Impressionism.
 Westfield North Rocks is a shopping centre located in North Rocks a suburb of Sydney. The shopping centre is located 26 km from Sydney's central business district on North Rocks Road which links to the Hills Motorway via Pennant Hills Road.
 LeGrange Farmstead is a historic home located at Slingerlands in Albany County New York. It is a frame dwelling that encompasses five phases of construction. The oldest section was built about 1780 and the second about 1790. Construction in 1835 yielded the 1 1⁄2-story kitchen and wood shed addition. A 1 1⁄2-story shed-roofed addition on the north side was completed about 1860. The final addition was completed about 1985.
 The Kempinski Residences Palm Jumeirah are the first residences to open on the crescent of Palm Jumeirah in Dubai. The project was due to open in 2009 however has been delayed due to the economic down turn. The property began construction in 2006.The operating company of the residences is Kempinski Hotels of Germany.
 Muza Kawasaki Symphony Hall (ミューザ川崎シンフォニーホール Myūza Kawasaki Shinfonī Hōru) is a concert hall in Saiwai-ku Kawasaki Kanagawa Japan. The name is coined from music and za (座) lit. 'seat'. The vineyard-style concert hall with a capacity of 1997 was built for the eightieth anniversary of the foundation of the city.The hall opened in July 2004 with a performance of Mahler's Symphony No.
 The Frederica Historic District is a national historic district located at Frederica Kent County Delaware. It encompasses 118 contributing buildings in the town of Frederica. The oldest buildings date to the middle of the 18th century. The district includes a number of 18th and 19th century commercial and residential buildings in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival Italianate and Federal.
 HSB Turning Torso is the tallest skyscraper in Sweden and the Nordic countries situated in Malmö Sweden on the Swedish side of the Öresund strait. When completed it was the tallest building in Scandinavia. A similar taller skyscraper featuring a 90° twist is the Cayan Tower located in Dubai United Arab Emirates.
 South Chappell Street Car Barn is a historic street car repair building located at Petersburg Virginia. It was built between 1899 and 1903 and is a one-story 16 bay long rectangular brick building. It has a steel truss roof and monitor roof window. Also on the property is a contributing one-story frame building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Maui Tacos is a fast food franchise restaurant that serves Mexican food with a twist of Hawaiian flavor. The first Maui Tacos was opened by Mark Ellman in 1993 in Nāpili Maui Hawaiʻi. Ellman opened six more locations in Hawaiʻi before opening his first store in the mainland in 1998. Maui Tacos now has 21 restaurants in 11 states (including the District of Columbia) and recently opened its sixth Maui location in Kalama Village Kihei.
 The Homeland School is a historic school in Homeland Florida. It is located at 249 Church Avenue inside Homeland Heritage Park. On February 2 2007 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Château de la Fleunie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Høyforsmoen Chapel (Norwegian: Høyforsmoen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Høyforsmoen. The church is part of the Beiarn parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built and consecrated in 1960. It seats about 200 people.
 Desborough Castle is an Iron Age hill fort which lies on the southern side of the valley of the River Wye in Buckinghamshire which runs through the Chiltern Hills from The Ridgeway and Vale of Aylesbury to the river Thames.
 Holliwell Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in Madison County Iowa. It was built over the Middle River in 1880 by Benton Jones and renovated in 1995 at a cost of $225000. It is featured in the film The Bridges of Madison County.
 Fortín de San Gerónimo del Boquerón is a small fort located in the mouth of the Condado Lagoon across from the historic sector of Miramar in San Juan Puerto Rico. It was built during the 17th century to replace a smaller battery (called El Boquerón) that stood at the easternmost end of the San Juan islet.
 The Confederate Monument of Cadiz in Cadiz Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. A marble memorial to the Confederate veterans of Trigg County it was erected in 1913 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy.
 Governor's Square is a super-regional shopping mall located on Apalachee Parkway in Tallahassee Florida. Its two-level design was a first for northern Florida when it opened in 1979 and it remains the newest of two enclosed malls in the Tallahassee area the other being Tallahassee Mall. Its anchors are Sears JCPenney Dillard's and Macy's.
 The McPhail Angus Farm is a farm at 320 Coyote Trail near Seneca South Carolina in Oconee County. It is also known as the Tokena Angus Farm. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places as a Historic District on November 7 2007. It was named because of its significance to the transition from a nineteenth-century cotton farm to a twentieth-century Upstate cattle farm.
 The Dustin House or Dustin Garrison House is a historic First Period house at 665 Hilldale Avenue in Haverhill Massachusetts. It was under construction by farmer and brick-maker Thomas Duston at the time of the 1697 attack on Haverhill during King William's War. It was during this raid that his wife Hannah Duston in bed at their existing home a half mile away was captured by Native Americans.
 The Orin Jordan House is a Victorian house in Whittier California that was built in 1888 by Orin Jordan. Also known as the Old Jordan House and the Whitaker Home the house is located at 8310 S. Comstock Ave.
 The Walsh Flats/Langworth Building was located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Burg Griffen is a castle on a 130m/427 ft-high limestone mountain above the town of Griffen in the Austrian state of Carinthia.
 The Malaysian Houses of Parliament is a building complex where the Malaysian Parliament assembles. The structure is located at the Lake Gardens in Kuala Lumpur right next to the Malaysian National Monument.
 Alvingham Priory was a Gilbertine priory in St. Mary Alvingham Lincolnshire England.The Priory established between 1148 and 1154 was a double house where religious of both sexes lived under the same roof. They did not commonly communicate with one another and there was an internal wall dividing their priory church.The priory has left few visible remains.
 The Outlets at Sands Bethlehem (formerly The Shoppes at Sands) is an indoor shopping mall located inside the Sands Casino Resort located in Bethlehem PA. It opened on November 1 2011.The shopping mall connects to both the casino and the hotel at the Sands Casino Resort.
 Sushi Yasuda is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 204 East 43rd Street (between Second Avenue and Third Avenue) in the Grand Central area of Midtown Manhattan in New York City. The restaurant was founded in 2000 by its former chef Naomichi Yasuda of Chiba Prefecture who returned to Japan in January 2011 to open a new restaurant in Tokyo. It is owned by Naomichi Yasuda Shige Akimoto and Scott Rosenberg. The current chef is Mitsuru Tamura.
 The Wilson Park Historic District (sometimes Rock House Historic District) is a historic district in Fayetteville Arkansas USA located just northeast of the University of Arkansas. The district consists of several residential buildings that developed during the late 19th and early 20th Century near Wilson Park just north of Dickson Street the city's primary entertainment district. Wilson Park Historic District includes 47 contributing buildings.
 The West Main Street District is a historic district in Kent Ohio United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district encompasses 25 buildings most of which are houses on both sides of West Main Street from its intersection with North and South Mantua Streets on the east to the intersection with North and South Chestnut Streets. It was listed June 17 1977.
 The Tuscarora Academy in Mifflintown Juniata County Pennsylvania is a building from 1816. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The academy is located about a mile west of the Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge which is also listed on the National Register.
 Gustaf Church (Swedish: Svenska Gustafskyrkan) part of the Church of Sweden Abroad is the church of the Swedish congregation in Copenhagen Denmark. It was built from 1807 to 1911 to the design of Theodor Wåhlin and is named after King Gustaf V of Sweden.
 The Yu Da Wei Xian Sheng Memorial Museum (Chinese: 俞大維先生紀念館; pinyin: Yúdàwéi Xiānshēng Jìniànguǎn) is a war memorial museum in Zhongzheng Park Jinhu Township Kinmen Fujian Republic of China.
 Grand Central Mall is a 908238-square-foot (84378.1 m2) regional shopping mall in Vienna West Virginia near the larger city of Parkersburg. The mall opened in 1972 and is the only enclosed mall within seventy miles of its region. It features more than ninety tenants including a food court a movie theater and five anchor stores: Belk Elder-Beerman JCPenney Sears and Dunham's Sports which opened in November 2009. The mall is owned by Glimcher Realty Trust.
 Blagaj Fort (locally known as Stjepan grad) is a town-fortress complex near the town of Blagaj Bosnia and Herzegovina. The old Blagaj Fort (Bona Stjepan grad) was built on a high inaccessible karst hill at an altitude of 310 m above sea level and 266 m above the source of the river Buna.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels is an Anglican church in Christchurch New Zealand. The church building at 84 Oxford Terrace Christchurch is registered as Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. Its freestanding belfry is registered separately.
 The Thomas and Maria Blackman Bartlett House (also known as the Bartlett-Travis House) was built as a private house at the corner of Canton Center and Warren Roads. It was donated to Canton Township and re-located to its current site at 500 N. Ridge Road in Cherry Hill Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Butler Plaza is a large retail complex located in southwest Gainesville Florida. It is the largest power center in Florida and among the largest in the southeast United States. Built on the site of Stengel Airport which closed in 1971 the shopping center currently consists of three major sections East Central and West with plans to build a northern section that will double its size.The complex is named for the late Clark Butler who developed the area in the 1990s.
 The Church of Saint Mary is an Anglican parish church serving the town of Whitby in North Yorkshire England. It was founded around AD 1110 although its interior dates chiefly from the late 1700s. The church was designated a Grade I listed building on 23 February 1954. It is situated on the town's east cliff overlooking the mouth of the River Esk overlooking the town close to the ruins of Whitby Abbey. Church Steps a flight of 199 steps lead up the hill to the church from the streets below.
 The church of St Thomas the Apostle in Lymington in Hampshire is the main Anglican Church of England parish church for the town. The building is 13th Century in origin but was largely rebuilt in the 17th and 18th centuries.
 Museum Willet-Holthuysen is a museum in Amsterdam the Netherlands on the Herengracht canal. It is the only fully furnished canalside patrician house in Amsterdam that is open to the public. The museum has a large collection of silverware plates and books from the Dutch Golden Age. It also has a substantial collection of art.
 Portlaoise Prison (Irish: Príosún Phort Laoise) is Ireland's only high security prison. It is located in Portlaoise County Laois. It should not be confused with the Midlands Prison which is a newer medium security prison situated directly beside it.The prison was built in the 1830s making it one of the oldest still operating today in the Irish prison system.
 The Tivoli Brewery is a historic building originally home to the Tivoli Brewing Company. It was designed by prominent Denver architect Frederick C. Eberley. The building is located in the Auraria Neighborhood of Denver Colorado. Today the building is home to the Tivoli Student Union of the Auraria Campus serving as a student center for the Metropolitan State University of Denver Community College of Denver and the University of Colorado Denver.
 Bleikvassli Church (Norwegian: Bleikvassli kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bleikvasslia. The church is part of the Bleikvassli parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1955 by the architect Torgeir Alvsaker.
 Patrick Henry Mall is a shopping mall in Newport News Virginia. It is located on Interstate 64 Westbound and Jefferson Ave (Virginia State Route 143) at exit 255A. The mall is anchored by Dillard's Dick's Sporting Goods J. C. Penney and Macy's.
 The Hepworth Wakefield is an art gallery in Wakefield West Yorkshire England which opened on 21 May 2011.
 Roaring Spring is a historic home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1725 and is a 1 1/2-story four bay gambrel roofed frame dwelling. The interior features Greek Revival style details.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Kasteel Heemstede is a restaurant in Houten Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the periods 2003-2008 and 2011-present. The restaurant is located in the souterrain of the eponymous castle although it was in fact an buitenplaats.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Owner and head chef of Kasteel Heemstede is André van Doorn who opened the restaurant in 2002.Restaurant Kasteel Heemstede is a member of the Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 Richmond Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Livingston in Columbia County New York. It includes a large Federal style residence dating to 1813-1814 ten contributing related outbuildings and one contributing structure. The main house is a two story rectangular brick block with a gable roof and slightly protruding three bay pavilion.
 Holy Mother of God Church of Bethlehem (Georgian: ზემო ბეთლემის მაცხოვრის შობის ტაძარი Zemo Betlemis Matskhovris Shobis Tadzari; Armenian: Բեթղեհեմի Սուրբ Աստվածածին եկեղեցի or Betlehemi Surb Astvatsatsin Yekeghetsi) (also now known as the Upper Bethlehem Church) is a church in Tbilisi Georgia. Built as an Armenian church in the 18th century on the site of an older church it now operates as a Georgian orthodox church.
 The Rixos Al Nasr is a five star hotel in Tripoli Libya. Owned by the Turkish-based Rixos Hotels group it is located in the center of Tripoli at one corner of Tarabulus Zoo Park. Opened on the 12 March 2010 amongst its first guests was the President of Eritrea Isaias Afewerki. The hotel has two floors built on timber and is surrounded by a garden that backs on to Tripoli's biggest parkland.
 The Cadogan Hotel /kəˈdɒɡən/[citation needed] is a hotel located in Sloane Street Knightsbridge London England that was built in 1887.
 150 West Main Street is the fourth tallest building in Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. Norfolk's highest rated restaurant Todd Jurich's Bistro is located on the building's ground floor.
 399 Fremont Street is a 122 m (400 ft) residential skyscraper under construction in the Rincon Hill neighborhood of San Francisco California. The tower is planned to have 447 residential units on 42 floors.
 The Adams Building also known as the Central Savings Bank Building was built as a commercial and office building located at 418 Ashmun Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. Along with the next-door Gowan Block it is now part of the Park Place City Center a mixed commercial and residential development. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Fuller-Dauphin Estate is a historic house and former estate known as The Maples located at 145 School Street in Taunton Massachusetts.It was built in 1872 for local Judge William Eddy Fuller and designed by local architect E.C. Chandler. It is a 2-1/2 story central hall plan Italianate style house with spacious proportions and disciplined ornament. The house later passed to Fuller's daughter who married Henry Dauphin.
 The Frederick H. Cossitt Library at 388 N. Granby Rd. in Granby Connecticut is a Queen Anne style building dating from 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Criminals Hall of Fame Wax Museum is a wax museum on 5751 Victoria Avenue in Niagara Falls Ontario Canada. One of many wax museums in the region it is located at the top of Clifton Hill. The museum features forty wax statues of notorious criminals from mobsters to serial killers.
 The Chinese Odd Fellows Building in Boise Idaho is an Odd Fellows building that was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It served historically as a clubhouse and as a business.The building is one of many designed or built by the Tourtellotte and Hummel architectural firm of Boise that were covered in a 1982 study.
 The Oates House (also known as the Shoemaker House) is a historic home in Abbeville Alabama. The house was originally built in 1900 by local farmer Ephraim Oates cousin of Alabama Governor William C. Oates. In 1910 he greatly expanded the house adding a second story and remodeling it in a Neoclassical style.
 Not to be confused with Southeast Christian Church in Parker Colorado.Southeast Christian Church in Louisville Kentucky is an evangelical Christian church. Its Senior Minister Dave Stone assumed leadership of the church in 2006 followed by Teaching Pastor and author of Not a Fan Kyle Idleman in 2009.
 The Munger-Moss Sandwich Shop served travellers on U.S. Route 66 in Missouri circa-1936. Located on the Big Piney River at Devil's Elbow Missouri until 1945 (at what is now the Elbow Inn) it relocated to Lebanon Missouri after World War II when construction of a four-lane bypass of U.S.
 The Pump House (grid reference ST571723) is an historic public house situated in Hotwells on Bristol Harbour Bristol England.It was built around 1870 by Thomas Howard as a Hydraulic Pumping House to provide power to the bridges and machines of Bristol Harbour. It was replaced by the current Hydraulic engine house in the 1880s and is now a public house.It is a grade II listed building.
 Rancho Camulos now known as Rancho Camulos Museum is a ranch located in the Santa Clara River Valley 2.2 miles (3.5 km) east of Piru California and just north of the Santa Clara River in present day Ventura County California. It was the home of Ygnacio del Valle an alcalde of the Pueblo de Los Angeles and member of the California State Assembly.
 The Alpine LDS Church Meetinghouse at 50 N. Main in Alpine Utah was constructed during the period from 1857 to 1863. It includes Greek Revival architecture and was built by Thomas J. McCullough and others. It has also been known as Alpine Pioneer Relic Hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It was finished during 1863 and was dedicated later in 1863 by Brigham Young.
 Southside Wandsworth is a shopping centre in Wandsworth London England. When it was built it was the largest indoor shopping centre in Europe.
 Beechwood is a historic house at 495 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The two story Stick style house was built in 1868 as a wedding gift from Jedidah Marcy to his granddaughter and was one of the first houses of the early Victorian style to be built in Southbridge. It was also one of the first built in that section of Southbridge an area that would not be fully developed until the 1890s.
 Sudbury Augustinian Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 HM Prison Wandsworth is a Category B men's prison at Wandsworth in the London Borough of Wandsworth south west London England. It is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is the largest prison in London.
 Turku City Office is located in Turku Finland and is supervised by the Mayor. Its tasks include preparing the decisions of the City Council and the City Board and its subdivisions as well as the implementation of these decisions.The City Office also aids the Mayor in directing the administration of the City in directing finances and with matters concerning personnel and outside relations.
 The Croll Building in Alameda California was the site of Croll's Gardens and Hotel famous as training quarters for the some of the greatest fighters in boxing history from 1883 to 1914. James J. Corbett Bob Fitzsimmons Jim Jefferies Jack Johnson and many other champions all stayed and trained here.Today this building is home to Croll's Pizza the 1400 Bar & Grill restaurant and the Gallagher and Lindsey Property Management division branch.
 Golden East Crossing is a shopping mall in Rocky Mount North Carolina. Opened in 1986 the mall features Bed Bath & Beyond Belk Books-A-Million Dunham's Sports J. C. Penney Petco Ross Dress for Less and one vacant anchor last occupied by Best Buy. It is managed by Hendon Properties.
 San Giovanni in Bragora is a church in Venice Italy located in the sestiere of Castello.It was founded in the early 8th century allegedly by St. Magnus of Oderzo; in the following century under doge Pietro III Candiano it was rebuilt to house the alleged relics of St. John the baptist to whom it is entitled and again in 1178.
 Umeå Town Hall was built after the fire in 1888 that burnt the city to the ground. It was erected on the site where the previous town hall (built in the 1600s) had been located and was completed in 1890. The architect was Fredrik Olaus Lindström from Stockholm.
 The Landmark Theatre originally known as Loew's State Theater is an historic theater from the era of movie palaces located on South Salina Street in Syracuse New York United States. Designed by Thomas W. Lamb it is the city's only surviving example of the opulent theatrical venues of the 1920s. The Landmark is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Enid Symphony Center (also known as Enid Masonic Temple and the Knox Building) is a historic building located in Enid Oklahoma. It is the home of the Enid Symphony Orchestra and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The Italian Renaissance Revival building is also located within the Enid Downtown Historic District which became listed on the register in 2007.
 The Church of St Cadoc at Raglan Monmouthshire south east Wales is the parish church of the village of Raglan. Dating originally from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries the church was heavily restored by Thomas Henry Wyatt in 1867-8. Built in the Decorated style the church is a Grade II* listed building.
 St Mary's Church Barkby is the Church of England Parish Church for Barkby Leicestershire England. The church mostly dates from the 13th century. It was grade I listed in 1966.
 Westfield Countryside (formerly Countryside Mall) is a shopping mall in Clearwater Florida. Situated near the coastline on the Gulf Coast it serves over 9 million customers every year. Its current anchor stores are Dillard's JCPenney Macy's and Sears. A non- NHL-sized ice rink also resides in the center of the mall.
 Fashion Fair Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Fresno California anchored by JCPenney Forever 21 Macy's Men and Children and Macy's Women and Home. An extensive remodeling program was initiated in 2003 designed by F+A Architects which included extensive interior renovations and the addition of an open-air walkway with additional shops and restaurants.
 The Sara Foster Colburn House is an historic house at 7 Dana Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. Built in 1846 the 1.5 story wood frame house is the best example of Gothic Revival architecture in the city.
 Fudge House is a historic home located at Covington Virginia. The earliest log section dates to about 1798 with additions and modifications made about 1826 1897 and 1910. The resultant house is a two-story weatherboarded structure of log frame and brick construction with a hipped roof and four exterior chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing smokehouse and the ruins of a slave cabin and a third house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Morgan–Manning House is an historic house located in Brockport Monroe County New York. It was built in 1854 and is a 2-story Italianate–style brick dwelling on a limestone foundation. The five-by-four-bay main block features a hipped roof and cupola. It has a 2-story hipped roof wing with a smaller 2-story brick appendage creating a stepped or telescoping plan or profile. The house also has a full width porch with brick piers.
 The Coral Court Motel was a 1941 U.S. Route 66 motel constructed in Marlborough Missouri (a St. Louis suburb) and designated on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis County in 1989 as a valuable example of the art deco and streamline moderne architectural styles. It expanded to 77 rooms in the heyday of automobile tourism on US 66 only to decline after the highway was bypassed by Interstate 44 in the 1970s and close its doors forever in 1993.
 Whittington Castle is a castle in northern Shropshire England owned and managed by the Whittington Castle Preservation Fund. The castle was originally a motte-and-bailey castle but this was replaced in the 13th century by one with buildings around a courtyard whose exterior wall was the curtain wall of the inner bailey.
 The Galleria Estense or Estense Gallery is an art museum in Modena with mainly Italian paintings from the 14th to the 18th century formed around the collection of the House of Este rulers of Modena (1288–1796). It is located on the upper floor of the Palazzo dei Musei on the St. Augustine square a building from the late 18th century. It was opened in 1884.
 Frontier House was home to several Niagara County businessmen and honored guests. It was considered to be a premiere hotel in its day. The house is recognized as a landmark and a structure on the list of National Register of Historic Places listings in Niagara County New York since 1974. The structure served as a hotel private home a fine dining restaurant museum fast food establishment (McDonald's) and several unwelcomed spirits.
 Hickory Hill is a historic home located near Petersburg West Virginia. It is located in Hardy County West Virginia. It was built in 1809 and is a two story brick dwelling in the Federal style. It has a traditional five bay center entrance plan. Also on the property are a log barn and smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 700 Pine Street in Chattanooga Tennessee affiliated with Presbyterian Church USA.The Gothic Revival building designed by Reuben Harrison Hunt was built in 1890. It is the oldest building designed by Hunt that is still extant in Chattanooga.
 Newcastle-under-Lyme Friary was a friary in Staffordshire England.
 Eclipse Center formerly known as Beloit Plaza or Beloit Mall is a mixed-use development and former shopping mall located in Beloit Wisconsin. It is undergoing a renovation to become a pivotal point in the city center. Currently it houses the department store Elder-Beerman several Rock County services a newly remodeled convention center/bar and two School District of Beloit charter schools.
 Saint Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin also known as The National Cathedral and Collegiate Church of Saint Patrick Dublin or in the Irish language as Árd Eaglais Naomh Pádraig founded in 1191 is the larger of Dublin's two Church of Ireland cathedrals and the largest church in Ireland with a 43-metre (140 feet) spire. The other cathedral Christ Church is the diocesan cathedral of the diocese of Dublin and Glendalough.
 The Mercado Adolpho Lisboa also called Mercado Municipal is a marketplace located in Manaus Brazil. It lies on the shore of the Rio Negro. The market was constructed in the Art Nouveau style between 1880 and 1883. The building was based on the Les Halles marketplace of Paris France.
 The Snowy Scheme Museum is a museum in the Snowy Mountains town of Adaminaby New South Wales Australia. It houses exhibitions relating to the Snowy Mountains Hydro Electric Scheme.
 The Republic of China Armed Forces Museum (Chinese: 國軍歷史文物館; pinyin: Guójūn Lìshǐ Wénwùguǎn) is located on Guiyang Street in the Poai District of Taipei in the Republic of China. It opened on October 31 1961 under the administration of the Republic of China Ministry of National Defense Department of History and Translation Office. The Museum aims to show the ROC military heritage of different periods and inform the public about the military. The museum encompasses 3 floors.
 Cypress Gardens was a botanical garden and theme park near Winter Haven Florida that operated from 1936 to 2009. As of 2011 the botanical garden portion had been preserved inside the newly formed Legoland Florida.
 The APA Building (also known as The Australian Building) is generally noted as one of the earliest high-rise buildings in Australia and the first skyscraper in Melbourne. The worlds 3rd tallest building in 1889 it is notable for being one of the few examples of the short-lived Queen Anne architectural style applied to a Victorian skyscraper.
 The Royal Cornwall Museum is a museum in the city of Truro Cornwall England. It is the oldest museum in Cornwall and the leading museum of Cornish culture. Its exhibits include minerals an unwrapped mummy and objects relating to Cornwall’s unique culture. It belongs to the Royal Institution of Cornwall which was founded in 1818 for the promotion of knowledge in natural history ethnology and the fine and industrial arts especially in relation to Cornwall.
 Bell Hill Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house at 191 Bell Hill Road in Otisfield Maine.It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Rose Art Museum founded in 1961 is a part of Brandeis University in Waltham Massachusetts USA. Named after benefactors Edward and Bertha Rose it offers temporary exhibitions and it displays and houses works of art from the Brandeis University art collections. The museum's collection includes about 6000 works including paintings by such artists as Jasper Johns Roy Lichtenstein Robert Rauschenberg and Andy Warhol.
 Lewisburg Historic District in Covington Kentucky is a 70-acre (28 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. At that time it included 430 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.
 The Symes Hotel at 209 N. Wall St. in Hot Springs Montana was built in Mission/Spanish Revival style during 1929-1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998; the listing included 10 contributing buildings and one contributing structure. It has also been known as Symes Medical Springs and as Symes Medicine Springs.It was built for $50000 by Fred Symes. It had 20 baths to start and did well even during the depression.
 The Van Wagenen House also known as Apple Tree House is located near Bergen Square in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 16 2006.
 Tracy Farm is an historic home and farm complex located at Orleans in Jefferson County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1890 on an existing limestone foundation. The main 2-story part of the house is an L-shaped block with a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen ell extending off the rear elevation.
 The Übersee Museum Bremen is a Natural History and Ethnographic museum in Bremen Germany. In an integrated exhibition of Nature Culture and Trading the museum presents aspects of overseas regions with permanent exhibitions relating to Asia South Pacific/Oceania Americas and Africa. Since 1993 the building itself is protected by the monument protection act.
 World Tower is a 230 m (750 ft) skyscraper located at 91 Liverpool Street Sydney Australia. Construction began in 2001 and was completed in 2004. It was constructed by Meriton Apartments Pty Ltd which is owned by developer Harry Triguboff. World Tower was the 2004 Bronze recipient of the Emporis Skyscraper Award and was briefly Australia's tallest residential building.
 Boja Manor (Latvian: Boju muižas pils) is a manor house in Kazdanga parish Aizpute municipality in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia. It was built in 1860 for the estate owner Baron von Behr. The building currently houses a museum.
 Enoch Turner Schoolhouse is an historic site and museum owned by the Ontario Heritage Trust. The school was built in 1848 when it was known as the Ward School. The building is located at 106 Trinity Street between King St. E. and Eastern Ave in Toronto Ontario Canada.
 The Church of St. Teresa of the Infant Jesus is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1634 Victory Boulevard West New Brighton Staten Island New York City. The church was built 1953 to the designs of the prolific architect Robert J. Reiley of Robert J. Reiley & Associates for $224000.
 The Bryan Simpson United States Courthouse is a courthouse and U.S. federal government facility in Jacksonville Florida. It houses:The United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida Jacksonville Division and corresponding offices of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida United States Attorney for the Middle District of FloridaA satellite office of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh CircuitU.S.
 The First United Methodist Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Jasper Florida. It is located at 405 Central Avenue S.W. On September 29 1978 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as United Methodist Church.
 Ste. Anne de Détroit (Sainte-Anne-de-Détroit) founded July 26 1701 is the second oldest continuously operating Roman Catholic parish in the United States. The current Gothic Revival cathedral styled church built in 1886 is located at 1000 Ste. Anne Street in Detroit Michigan near the Richard-Hubbard neighborhood area the Ambassador Bridge and the Michigan Central Station. Historically the parish community has occupied eight different buildings.
 The Palace Bettencourt (Portuguese: Palácio Bettencourt) is a former-residence and current seat of the public library and regional archive in the civil parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 The South Salina Street Historic District is located in Syracuse New York. The district encompasses the historic core of what was originally the village of Danforth. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Designed by Melbourne architect Kerstin Thompson from 1999–2002 House at Lake Connewarre is located in Leopold Victoria. It is a house characterised by its black flat long roof blending into the landscape around Lake Connewarre. The architect described the house as “a simple gesture across the landscape”. The house is an attempt to create dialogue with nature in a poetic way and the house design is strongly influenced by the landscape.
 Hanford Community Medical Center is located in the city of Hanford California. Hanford Community Medical Center is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist hospital system.
 Green Hill is a historic plantation home located at Virginia Beach Virginia. It was built about 1791 and is a two-story five bay double pile Georgian / Federal style brick dwelling. Two two-story wings were added in 1954.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 Old City Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located near Welch Corners in Herkimer County New York. It was constructed in 1898 and spans City Brook a tributary of West Canada Creek. It is 64 feet long and has a double arch with spans of 28 feet and rise of 12 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Horkstow Camera was a monastic cell in Lincolnshire England dependent on Willoughton Preceptory a house of the Knights Templar. == Lincolnshire preceptories ==Until their disbandment in 1312 the Knights Templar were major landowners on the higher lands of Lincolnshire where they had a number of preceptories on property which provided income while Temple Bruer was an estate on the Lincoln Heath believed to have been used also for military training.
 The Church of the Madonna dell'Archetto (English: Our Lady of the Little Arch) is a small oratory in Rome in the Trevi rione. The official title of the church is Santa Maria Causa Nostrae Laetitiae (English: Holy Mary Cause of Our Joy). It is often cited as being the smallest church in Rome.
 The Washington State Reformatory Unit (WSRU) opened in 1910. It is now part of what is referred to as the five-unit Monroe Correctional Complex (MCC). WSRU houses inmates with a closed custody designation or lower. In other words though it is a closed-custody facility some inmates qualify as medium-custody or even long-term minimum custody. Inmates are housed in two large cellblocks the A-B wing and C-D wing. Approximately 875 inmates are housed there at any given time.
 The Museum of the Earth is a natural history museum located in Ithaca New York. The museum was created in 2003 as part of the Paleontological Research Institution (PRI) which studies the history of the Earth and its life. Both PRI and the Museum of the Earth are formally affiliated with Cornell University. The Museum of the Earth is home to earth-science exhibits and science-related art displays with a focus on the concurrent evolution of the Earth and life.
 Seneca Quarry is a historic site located at Seneca Montgomery County Maryland. It is located along the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal on the north bank of the Potomac River just west of Seneca Creek.
 St Mary's Cathedral Perth officially the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Perth and seat of its Archbishop currently Timothy Costelloe. The cathedral is at the centre of Victoria Square on the northern end of Victoria Avenue Perth Western Australia.The cathedral as it now stands was constructed in three main phases with the first phase completed in 1865.
 Beth Israel Congregation (or Beth Israel Synagogue) is a historic Conservative synagogue located at 401 Scotts Street in Beaufort South Carolina. Built in 1908 it is one of the few wooden synagogues in continued usage in the southeastern United States.
 Spiere Castle is a castle in Spiere Belgium.
 Elephant and Castle Pub and Restaurant (also called E&C) is a North American restaurant chain based in Vancouver British Columbia and founded in 1977. The restaurant name was derived from the Elephant & Castle region in south London England and the pub with the same name in that location. The E&C serves American and British food and drinks and is commonly known for its slogan Bang On! In 2007 all of the outstanding shares of Elephant & Castle Group Inc.
 Skybridge is a high-rise luxury condominium located in the West Loop of Chicago. It won the 2003 bronze Emporis Skyscraper Award. The base of the building is home to a Dominick's grocery store. The building climbs to 38 stories while the top two are home to the penthouses. The 36th floor boasts a workout facility for tenants and a roof-top garden space.
 Bayfair Shopping Centre (usually referred to as 'Bayfair' by locals) is the main shopping mall in Tauranga.
 The Newark Museum in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States is the state's largest museum. It holds fine collections of American art decorative arts contemporary art and arts of Asia Africa the Americas and the ancient world.
 The Langdon House is a historic house on the eastern side of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located along Eastern Avenue it is a frame house with weatherboarded walls built in the Steamboat Gothic style. It was erected in 1855 in the village of Columbia which has since been annexed to the city of Cincinnati. Seven years after it was constructed its owner Henry Langdon joined the 79th Ohio Infantry to fight in the Civil War.
 The Fountain of Calvo (Portuguese: Fonte do Calvo) is a public/communal fountain and lavoir in the civil parish of Almalaguês municipality of Coimbra that has existed for over than 100 years and integral to the history and culture of the community.The inhabitants of Almalaguês have systematically restored the fountain and lavoir historically owing to its reputation for water quality.
 Christ Church Lancaster is in Wyresdale Road Lancaster Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 East Midwood Jewish Center is a Conservative synagogue located at 1625 Ocean Avenue Midwood Brooklyn New York City.Organized in 1924 the congregation's Renaissance revival building (completed in 1929) typified the large multi-purpose synagogue centers being built at the time and was from the 1990s until 2010 the only synagogue with a working swimming pool in Brooklyn.
 The Catalina Casino is located in Avalon on Catalina Island off the coast of Los Angeles. It is the most recognisable landmark in the City of Avalon. It contains a theatre a ballroom and a museum. The Catalina Casino gets its name from the Italian language where “casino” means a gathering place. There is no gambling at this facility.
 Black Horse Tavern is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was built c. 1712 by John Burrows.
 The Patee House also known as Patee House Museum was completed in 1858 as a 140-room luxury hotel at 12th Street and Penn in St. Joseph Missouri. It was one of the best-known hotels west of the Mississippi River.The Patee House was built by John Patée as part of his Patee Town development around the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad station.
 The West House is a family restaurant located in Biddenden Kent England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 The Museum Kunst der Westküste (West Coast Art Museum) is a non-profit foundation located in Alkersum on the north Frisian island Föhr. The museum collects researches communicates and exhibits art that deals with the themes of sea and coast. The point of departure is formed by the paintings collection of the museum’s founder Prof. h.c. Frederik Paulsen.
 The Dog Bark Park Inn is a hotel located in the U.S. state of Idaho. The hotel is built in the shape of a beagle making it a famous landmark in the state. It is colloquially known as Sweet Willy by local residents. The hotel which is located in north central Idaho is a two-bedroom B&B which also features dog-themed contents.
 The Johannesburg Art Gallery is an art gallery located in Joubert Park in the central business district of Johannesburg South Africa. The building was designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and consists of 15 exhibition halls and sculpture gardens.
 Clifton is a historic home located at Ednor Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed brick structure with a lower north wing also with a gambrel roof. Outbuildings on the property include a wood-frame shed and a guest house or cottage.
 Swedish American Hospital is a 357 bed non profit teaching hospital located in Rockford Illinois. The hospital is owned and operated by Swedish American Health System. The hospital was founded in 1911 opening its doors in 1918 following a period of fund raising. In the mid-1990s the hospital proposed a major campus overhaul that was eventually approved by the city of Rockford provided Swedish American assist in recovering a blighted neighborhood nearby.
 The State Street Baptist Church formerly the First Colored Baptist Church is a historic church at 340 State Street in Bowling Green Kentucky.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Movement House is a building under construction in Kampala the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country. The building is sometimes referred to as NRM House in reference to its largest tenant the National Resistance Movement (NRM) the ruling political party in Uganda since 1986.
 Aberdeen floating village (Chinese: 香港仔水上人家) is located at the Aberdeen Harbour in the Southern District of Hong Kong. The harbour contains approximately 600 junks which house an estimated 6000 people. Since the 19th century Aberdeen has emerged as one of the most important fishing ports in Hong Kong. Now in Aberdeen as the catering and tourism industries are on the rise so is the demand for seafood.
 The Fells in Newbury New Hampshire was originally the summer home of John Milton Hay a 19th-century American statesman.
 Memory Lane is a historic home located at Denton Caroline County Maryland. It a 2 1⁄2-story frame Italianate-style house constructed in 1864. Notable exterior features include extensive porches decorative brackets and an octagonal cupola. The entire front facade features a wraparound porch.Memory Lane was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Cathedral Church of St Martin Leicester usually known as Leicester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in the English city of Leicester and the seat of the Bishop of Leicester. The church was elevated to a collegiate church in 1922 and made a cathedral in 1927 following the establishment of a new Diocese of Leicester in 1926.
 Brasserie Julien is a brasserie-style French cuisine restaurant located at 1422 Third Avenue (between East 80th Street and East 81st Street) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City as well as a jazz club.
 The Bond District is a collection of historic buildings located in the district of North Kohala on the island of Hawaii.The district has three sections: the homestead of missionaries Ellen and Reverend Elias Bond (1813–1896) Kalahikiola Church and the Kohala Seminary.
 Glen Haven District No. 4 School and Public Library is a historic school and library building located at Fair Haven in Cortland County New York. It is a one story irregularly shaped structure constructed in 1901 in the Shingle Style. It contains the classroom on the south end and the library on the north end. It features a hipped roof with boxed eave overhangs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was designed by Ehrick K. Rossiter and Andrew Lieber.
 The Istanbul Archaeology Museums (Turkish: İstanbul Arkeoloji Müzeleri) is a group of three archeological museums located in the Eminönü district of Istanbul Turkey near Gülhane Park and Topkapı Palace.The Istanbul Archaeology Museums consists of three museums. Archaeological Museum (in the main building)Museum of the Ancient OrientMuseum of Islamic Art (in the Tiled Kiosk).It houses over one million objects that represent almost all of the eras and civilizations in world history.
 The Building at 106-108 Inman Street in Cambridge Massachusetts is one of a series of well-preserved Greek Revival duplexes on Inman Street. This house was built in 1845 and features very straightforward Greek Revival styling most notably in the pilasters that run the full two story height of the building.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Vevelstad Church (Norwegian: Vevelstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vevelstad. The church is part of the Vevelstad parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1796 and it seats about 250 people.
 The Calhoun Beach Club is an apartment community health club and commercial center in Minneapolis Minnesota just across Lake Street from its namesake Lake Calhoun. Its founders intended the club to meet their residential recreational and entertainment needs in one building. The original building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 23 2003.
 deLendrecie's Department Store is a property in Fargo North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It was built in 1894 in Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and Richardsonian Classical style and was designed by McMillen & Tenbusch (1894) and by Andrew J. O`Shea (1904 addition).The listing included one contributing building on an area of less than 1 acre (0.40 ha).The merchant deLendrecie chose to expand the store vertically in 1904.
 Ebenezer Watts House is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built between 1825 and 1827 and remodelled in the 1850s. It is a two story brick structure with a hipped roof and cupola in the Italianate style. It features a Federal style entrance and interior. It is the oldest surviving residence in downtown Rochester.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Felixstowe Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 The Gledden Building is an Art Deco office building in Perth Western Australia. The building was constructed on land that had been bequested to the University of Western Australia by surveyor Robert Gledden.
 The Bestattungsmuseum Wien (English: Funeral Museum Vienna) is a museum in Vienna Austria. With around 1000 exhibits the Vienna Funeral Museum gives a comprehensive overview of funeral customs burial rites funerary art and the special Viennese perspective on death and provides information on the historical and current funeral services in Vienna.
 Central National Bank in a commercial bank based in Alva Oklahoma. It was built in 1901 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It had been owned and operated by the Myers family since 1919.
 First United Methodist Church of Drumright is a historic church at 115 N. Pennsylvania Avenue in Drumright Oklahoma.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Palmer-Marsh House was built in 1744 as a combination residence and place of business located in Bath North Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.It is located on the east side of Main Street just south of Carteret Street (NC 92).Tours of the house are available through the Historic Bath visitor center.
 Point Cook Town Centre is a shopping centre in the centre of Point Cook in the west of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It currently contains 150 stores in total and has two supermarkets a discount department store and one traditional department store.
 The Elizabeth McCafferty Three-Decker was a historic triple decker house at 45 Canterbury Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was a fine example of a Queen Anne triple decker built in 1894 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The building has apparently been demolished; the lot is now occupied by an auto shop.
 The Zen Center of Los Angeles (ZCLA) temple name Buddha Essence Temple is a Zen center founded by Hakuyu Taizan Maezumi in 1967 that practices in the White Plum lineage. ZCLA observes a daily schedule of zazen Buddhist services and work practice. The Center's programs include introductory classes sesshin workshops and training periods as well as face-to-face meetings with Abbot Wendy Egyoku Nakao and other Center teachers.
 The Miller Brothers 101 Ranch was an 110000-acre (45000 ha) cattle ranch in the Indian Territory of Oklahoma before statehood. Located near modern-day Ponca City it was founded by Colonel George Washington Miller a veteran of the Confederate Army in 1893. The 101 Ranch was the birthplace of the 101 Ranch Wild West Show and one of the early focal points of the oil rush in northeastern Oklahoma. It was the largest diversified farm and ranch in America at the time.
 Burg Thalberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Kanpur Sangrahalaya / Kanpur Museum (Hindi: कानपुर पुरातत्व संग्रहालय) is a museum in Kanpur the industrial hub of Uttar Pradesh in North India. It is the official museum in Kanpur. It was built by the British as King Edward Memorial Hall in honour of Edward VII. It is a storehouse of artifacts and exhibits that tell the story of the events and people who have influenced the making of Kanpur city and tell many interesting details about the historical past of the city.
 Becker Stone House is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. It is a two-story three-bay rectangular block with walls of locally quarried coursed stone and rubble and a gable roof. When originally built between 1772 and 1775 it is reported to have had a gambrel roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Named for James Wolcott a prosperous businessman during the late 1820s to the mid 1840s only the Wolcott House is original to the site. Built by James Wolcott and his wife Mary Wells the Wolcott House began as a log house and evolved into a beautiful 14-room Federal-style mansion between the years 1827 and 1836.Maumee the Foot of the Rapids of the Maumee River was an important transshipment point serving Indian French English and American traders throughout the 19th century.
 Mountain Grove also known as the Benjamin Harris House is a historic home located near Esmont Albemarle County Virginia. The house was built in 1803-1804 and consists of a two-story three-bay center block flanked by single-bay 1 1/2-story wings in the Jeffersonian style. The brick dwelling sits on a high basement and the center block is treated as a classical temple motif is capped by a pedimented gable roof.
 The Bates–Seller House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Château d'Étobon is a ruined castle in the commune of Étobon in the Haute-Saône département of France 6 km from the town of Héricourt.The ruins stand on a hill dominating the village of Étobon. Its position and its considerable construction works contributed to its strength. It is 167 m above the village and measures 220 m by 60 m.Burned and destroyed by the Duke of Furstemberg in 1519 it fell into ruin.
 Baku Ferris Wheel is a Ferris wheel on Baku Boulevard in the Seaside National Park of Baku capital of Azerbaijan.The wheel was built by the Dutch company Dutch Wheels. It was opened on 10 March 2014 by the Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev and opened to the public two days later.The wheel is 60 metres (200 ft) tall and has 30 cabins each holding eight people. It makes a complete turn in 30 to 40 minutes.
 Thuillies Castle is a castle in Belgium.
 Mountain View is a historic home located near Chatham Pittsylvania County Virginia. The house was built about 1840-1842 and is a 2 1/2-story Late Federal style brick dwelling. It is topped by a gable roof and has a double-pile central-hall plan. Also on the property are the contributing original kitchen building schoolhouse office smokehouse and corn crib.
 The Jonathan Belcher House is a historic house in Randolph Massachusetts.The house was built in 1806 by Jonathan Belcher (1767–1839) and his wife Abigail (Thayer) who had been married on April 12 1792. Their son also named Jonathan married Hannah (Jordan) and later added to the house.
 The Beechwood Elementary School is a midsized urban public school located in the Beechview neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The building was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The school provides taxpayer funded preschool through 5th grade in 2011. Enrollment was 359 in 2011. Students who qualify for free or reduced lunch: 71.08%. Enrollment was 415 in 2010 with 22 teachers employed. The school is part of the Pittsburgh School District.
 House at 73 Grove Street is a historic home located at Lynbrook in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-sided dwelling with a side-gabled roof. It was originally one room deep and two rooms wide but expanded to two rooms deep in the 1930s. It has a 2-story rear extension. It features a three-bay single-story Colonial Revival style porch with four square support posts.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 St Peter's Church Wolfhampcote is a redundant Anglican church standing in an isolated position in the civil parish of Wolfhampcote Warwickshire England (grid reference SP529653). Since 1960 the church and its attached mausoleum have been designated a Grade II* listed building and are now under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in a field which contains a number of mounds.
 David H. Miller Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1900 and is a three-story rectangular red brick building on a stone foundation. It is six bays by nine bays and has a slightly pitched gable roof. It housed local tobacco companies until occupied by the Lorillard Tobacco Company after 1938.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Church of the Brethren also known as the St. Vrain Church of the Brethren and the Old Dunkard Church is an historic United Church of the Brethren meeting house located on Hygiene Road (17th Avenue) in Hygiene in the St. Vrain Valley of Boulder County Colorado. In 1874 formal organization of the Church of the Brethren was held at the ranch home of Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Ullery led by the iterant preacher James R. Gish.
 The Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church South in St. Louis Missouri was built in 1869. It was designed by architect Thomas Dixon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Jacob Critz House is a ca. 1835 center-hall house in Thompsons Station Tennessee.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. When listed the property included one contributing building one non-contributing building and one non-contributing structure on 1.7 acres (0.69 ha). The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Bossenstein Castle is a château in the village of Broechem Flemish Region Belgium. It belongs to the Ranst part of the village.
 St Lawrence’s Church Gotham is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Gotham Nottinghamshire.
 The Chandler-Hidden House is a historic house at 17 Hidden Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built for Isaac Chandler probably by his son-in-law David Hidden in about 1812. Hidden a housewright had come to Andover to help in the construction of the Andover Theological Seminary. He married Chandler's daughter in 1816 bought half the house in 1828 and the rest after Chandler's death in 1834. The house passed out of the Hidden family in 1897.
 Kokutai-ji (国泰寺 meaning Temple of National Peace) originally Tosho-ji (東松寺) is one of fourteen autonomous branches of the Rinzai school of Japanese Zen founded in 1300 by the monk Jiun Myoi in Toyama Japan. In 1327 Emperor Go-Daigo gave the temple the name Kokutai-ji and Jiun Myoi became Seisen Zenji.
 The Philadelphia Lazaretto was the first quarantine hospital in the United States built in 1799 in Tinicum Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The site was originally inhabited by the Lenni Lenape and then the first Swedish settlers in America.Nearby Province Island was the site of the confinement of the Christian Moravian Indians who were brought there under protective custody from Lancaster PA in 1763 when their lives were threatened by the Paxton Boys.
 Elsfjord Church (Norwegian: Elsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Elsfjord. The church is part of the Elsfjord parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red church building was constructed in 1955 to serve the Elsfjord area. It was consecrated on 18 September 1955.
 Westfield Fashion Square formerly Sherman Oaks Fashion Square is a shopping mall in the Sherman Oaks area of Los Angeles California. It is owned by Westfield Group. Its anchor stores are Bloomingdale's and Macy's.Originally anchored by Bullock's from 1962 Sherman Oaks Fashion Square joined the Sherman Oaks Chamber of Commerce in 1976 one year before The Broadway became an anchor. In 1988-1990 the mall enclosed and double-decked.
 Linden is a historic home located near Champlain Essex County Virginia. It was built about 1825 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay nearly square brick dwelling in the Federal style. It has a side gable roof and side-passage plan. Also on the property are the contributing the foundations of three early outbuildings and an unmarked cemetery.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 John A. Rowland House in the City of Industry California was built in 1855. It was the home of pioneer John A. Rowland of the Workman-Rowland party co-leader of the first American band of settlers to reach Southern California in 1841. John A. Rowland built this home for his second wife Charlotte M. Gray. The John Rowland House is noteworthy for being the oldest surviving brick structure in Southern California. Built in 1855 the Greek Revival architecture style was used by John Rowland.
 Maindiff Court Hospital is a Community Hospital near Abergavenny Monmouthshire operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. Maindiff Court's earliest occupants were the Crawshay-Bailey family in the 1870s. Its most noted patient was Rudolph Hess deputy to Adolf Hitler.
 Oulu University Hospital (OUH Finnish: Oulun yliopistollinen sairaala OYS) is a university hospital in Oulu Finland. It is the northernmost of the five university hospitals in Finland.The Oulu University Hospital is affiliated with the University of Oulu and it is used as a teaching hospital by the Faculty of Medicine. The hospital was established in 1973. In 1963–1972 the teaching hospital of the university was the Oulu provincial hospital.
 Hotel Bossert was once known as the Waldorf-Astoria of Brooklyn. It was the site of the celebration of the Brooklyn Dodgers' only World Series championship.
 The Evangelical Free Church is a historic church on Hamilton Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was built in 1869 by the Hamilton Woolen Company for a congregation of its senior employees and owners. The brick building is predominantly Romanesque in character but it also has Gothic Revival features such as a multicolored steeply pitched slate roof and projecting entranceway.The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Hugh and Susie Goff House is a house located in Jerome Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kamianets-Podilskyi Castle (Ukrainian: Кам'янець-Подільська фортеця; Polish: twierdza w Kamieńcu Podolskim; Russian: Каменец-Подольская крепость; Turkish: Kamaniçe Kalesi) is a former Ruthenian-Lithuanian castle and a later three-part Polish fortress located in the historic city of Kamianets-Podilskyi Ukraine in the historic region of Podolia in the western part of the country.
 The Yukon Hotel is a National Historic Site of Canada and part of the Dawson Historical Complex. It is a log building with a three-storey false facade on First Avenue at the corner of Church Street in Dawson City Yukon.The building was constructed during the Klondike Gold Rush in 1898 by J.E. Binet who named it Binet Block. A local entrepreneur he and his brother J.O. Binet also operated Malden House the Marconi Hotel and Binet Brothers Saloon and the Binet Bros.
 Seif Palace (Arabic قصر السيف) is a palace in Kuwait City Kuwait. Located opposite the Grand Mosque one of Seif Palace’s best-known features is the watch tower covered in blue tiles and with a roof plated in pure gold. Local materials such as clay rocks limestone wood and metals were used in its construction.
 Pittsford Village Historic District is a national historic district located at the village of Pittsford in Monroe County New York. The district encompasses 198 contributing elements on 107 properties. The district excludes the central business district. It includes 120 contributing dwellings three churches two schools and contributing outbuildings dating from the 1810s to 1930s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Craig House in Lancaster South Carolina was built in 1860. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Washington Park Historic District is a historic district in the village of Newtonville in Newton Massachusetts. It includes the following properties some of which date from the 1890s: 4 to 97 Washington Park plus 5 and 15 Park Place. The focal point of the district is the city park which is located in the median of the street of the same name. On March 12 2008 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bucureşti Mall is a shopping mall located in Bucharest Romania close to the Dudeşti and Văcăreşti neighbourhoods. At the time of its completion it was the first shopping mall in Romania.Located on Calea Vitan approximately 1 km outside Bucharest's historic center the four-story 50000 m² mall opened in 1999 in a Ceauşescu-era abandoned hunger circus or giant food warehouse in an area largely shaped during the Communist period (see Ceaușima).
 Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial is a United States Presidential Memorial a National Historic Landmark District in present-day Lincoln City Indiana. It preserves the farm site where Abraham Lincoln lived with his family from 1816 to 1830. During that time he grew from a 7-year-old boy to a 21-year-old man. His mother Nancy Hanks Lincoln and at least 27 other settlers were buried here in the Pioneer Cemetery.
 The Harvard Lampoon Building (sometimes referred to as the Lampoon Castle) is a historic building in Cambridge Massachusetts that is best known as the home of The Harvard Lampoon and for its unusual design.
 Blanchard Hall is a limestone building on the campus of Wheaton College in Wheaton Illinois. It was built in five phases starting in 1853. The first phase was completed in 1858 and the last in 1927.
 Shangri-La Plaza (colloquially called as Shang) is a large upscale-luxury shopping mall located in Ortigas Center Mandaluyong Philippines established by the Kuok Group of Companies the owner of the worldwide chain of Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts. Shangri-La Plaza has the Crossings Department Store and Rustan's Department Store as anchor stores to name a few. Shangri-La Plaza opened on November 21 1991 and contains more than 50 stores along with several restaurants.
 Fort St. Pierre Site is an archaeological site that was the location of a French fort during 1719–1729 center of a community named Yazoo Post. The site has additional importance for its use in dating other archaeological sites due to its integrity and brief period of use.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2000.A quite extensive history of the site is available.Other names for the site include: Fort St. Peter; Fort St. Claude des Yasous; Yazoo Post; and Site 23-M-5.
 The Staples Inn is an historic building in Old Orchard Beach Maine. Initially a one-story farmhouse the structure was built around 1730 and was bought by Elisa Staples in 1790. The building was expanded to a 2.5 story building. In 1860 it was converted to an Inn and was one of the largest in Old Orchard Beach. In 1875 the building burned but was saved from total destruction and rehabilitated. In June 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Canberra Hospital is a public hospital located in Garran Canberra Australian Capital Territory. It is a tertiary level centre with 672 beds and caters to a population of about 550000. It was formed when the Woden Valley Hospital and the Royal Canberra Hospital were amalgamated in 1991 and was renamed the Canberra Hospital in 1996.It is the major teaching hospital for the Australian National University Medical School.
 The Albert Spencer Wilcox Building was originally a library and then converted to the Kauaʻi Museum which displays exhibits on the history of the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii.
 Centro San Ignacio is a Venezuelan shopping mall and office complex which opened in September 1998. It won recognition for Latin American contemporary architecture with the Mies van der Rohe Award that year. The mall is in La Castellana in the Chacao area of Caracas. It was built on athletic fields next to San Ignacio Jesuit College from early 1993 to late 1998 and is managed by the Fondo de Valores Inmobiliarios.
 Old Presbyterian Church (also known as First Presbyterian Church and the Barnwell Circle Theatre) is a historic church building at 1905 Academy Street in Barnwell South Carolina.It was built in 1848 in a Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is now home to the Circle Theater of the Barnwell County Performing Arts Center.
 The Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital (Groupe hospitalier Pitié-Salpêtrière) is a celebrated teaching hospital in Paris. Part of the Assistance publique - Hôpitaux de Paris it is one of Europe's largest hospitals.
 Parker's Ford also known as Old Parkerford is a national historic district located in East Vincent Township and East Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 5 contributing buildings 3 contributing site and 1 contributing structure. The buildings are a tavern (1766) stable building and three houses. It was the site of a grist mill and sawmill by 1720.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Church of the Ascension is a historic Episcopal church building located at 160 Rock Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was completed in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District. As of 2008 the parish is now known as the Church of the Holy Spirit.
 The castle de Châteauneuf-du-Pape dominates the village and its vineyards since nearly 800 years. Its relationship with the papacy d'Avignon strongly marked Châteauneuf-du-Pape and the viticulture of the region.
 The U.S. Post Office in Suffern New York is located on Chestnut Street between NY 59 and US 202 on the northern edge of the village's downtown business district.
 Delmar Apartments also known as Chelten Station is a historic apartment building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902 and is a five-story U-shaped brick building in the Colonial Revival-style. The first floor is faced in Wissahickon schist and has a wood porch. It features four-story bay windows a terra cotta cornice and pediment above the main entrance.
 La Casina is a historic commercial building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was originally built about 1907 and completely redesigned about 1936 in the Streamline Moderne style. It is one story building designed for use as a nightclub. It has a streamlined facade in the form of a stepped pyramid or ziggurat. The building retains its original vertical neon sign.
 Fyne Court is a National Trust-owned nature reserve and visitor centre in Broomfield Somerset England.The main building of Fyne Court burned down in 1894 having been owned by the Crosse family since its construction. Andrew Crosse conducted a series of experiments with electricity at the house during his ownership in the early 19th century.
 Park is a restaurant housed in the Park Hotel Kenmare Kenmare County Kerry Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1983-1990 and in the period 1994-1999.
 The Northeast Asia Trade Tower or NEATT (Korean: 동북아무역타워) is a skyscraper in Songdo International City the world's most expensive private real estate project in Incheon Free Economic Zone South Korea. The 305m (1001 foot) building is currently South Korea's tallest and has 68 floors. It surpassed the previous record-holder Samsung Tower Palace 3 – Tower G in Seoul when it topped-out in 2009.The building was intended to be a landmark of the Songdo International Business District.
 Tunis R. Cooper House is located in Bergenfield Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1802 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 6 1995.
 The Independence Building was a 186 feet (57 m) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina United States. It was built in 1909 by J.A. Jones Construction and imploded on September 27 1981 to make way for 101 Independence Center. It originally had 12 floors but 2 more were added in 1928. It was the tallest commercial building in North Carolina overtaking the title previously held by the Masonic Temple Building in Raleigh.
 Subject of my article is ...Immanuel Lutheran Church is an LCMS (Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod) church in Perryville Missouri.
 The Parish Church of St Mary the Virgin is located in the town centre of Bury Greater Manchester England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Rogersons Village Historic District is a historic mill village in Uxbridge Massachusetts United States.
 The Central Instrumentation Facility (CIF) is the core of instrumentation and data processing operations at NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center Florida supporting KSC's space launch responsibilities. It centralizes the handling of the center's data including offices laboratories and test stations; and houses general instrumentation activities serving more than one launch complex.
 The Loosveldt Bridge near Rushville Nebraska also known as the Budd Bridge the Niobrara River Bridge and NEHBS No. SH00-43 was built in 1888. It was built by the King Iron Bridge & Manufacturing Co. and George E. King Bridge Co.
 The Bird Cage Theatre was a combination theater saloon gambling parlor and brothel that operated from 1881 to 1889 in Tombstone Arizona during the height of the silver boom.
 The Homeplace is a historic home and farm complex located at Madison Madison County Virginia. The original house was built about 1830 and is a gable-roofed hall-and-parlor building with a rear shed addition built of frame over a stone basement. It was extensively enlarged about 1875 by the addition of a two-story wing built on an I-house plan.
 The Basilica of the Royal Marian Shrine of the Our Lady of Candelaria (Spanish: Basílica y Real Santuario Mariano de Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria or simply Spanish: Basílica de la Candelaria) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica the first Marian shrine of the Canary Islands located in the municipality and city of Candelaria on the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain). It is located c.
 Wightman Memorial Baptist Church in Oyster Bay New York was first built in 1908. It is the third building on this site. The first Baptist congregation met in Oyster Bay as early as 1700 and Oyster Bay received its first ordained minister in 1724. The second church building constructed in 1806 is still visible on the site behind the newer structure.
 Al Rostamani Maze Tower is a skyscraper located along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Al Rostamani Maze tower is an iconic Tower which has a Maze shape in the front and rear elevations. The building was completed in 2010.
 The Cincinnati Street Gas Lamps are a historic district in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Composed of more than 1100 street lamps scattered throughout the city the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.Cincinnati's system of streetlights has been seen as historic because it is representative of the application of early- to mid-nineteenth-century technology to daily life.
 House at 12 Linden Street is a historic house at 12 Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The house at 356 Albany Avenue (NY 32) in Kingston New York United States is a frame house built near the end of the 19th century. It is in the Queen Anne architectural style.Its front facade has some classically-inspired ornament dating it to the Free Classical phase of the Queen Anne style a precursor to the Colonial Revival style that became popular in the early 20th century. In 2002 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lemmon's Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Dubois County Indiana near Portersville Indiana.The church was built in 1860 in a Greek Revival style. The church and cemetery were added to the National Register in 1992 as Lemmon's Church and Cemetery.The church was renovated in 1992.
 Tjeldsund Church (Norwegian: Tjeldsund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hol i Tjeldsund. The church is part of the Tjeldsund parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1863 and it seats about 420 people.
 Pikes Hotel (pronounced Peek-ayes) now known as Ibiza Rocks House is a luxury hotel in Ibiza in the Balearic Islands of Spain. It is located in the countryside 1.6 miles (2.6 km) to the northeast of the town of Sant Antoni de Portmany and 10.2 miles (16.4 km) to the northwest of Ibiza Town.
 Johnson Wax Headquarters is the world headquarters and administration building of S. C. Johnson & Son in Racine Wisconsin. Designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright for the company's president Herbert F. Hib Johnson the building was constructed from 1936 to 1939.
 Nutcote is the name of the house which the renowned Australian children’s author and illustrator May Gibbs lived in for 44 years. May Gibbs' Nutcote is now a visitable house museum located in Neutral Bay Sydney. It has a New South Wales heritage listing.
 Courtyard by Marriott Seattle Downtown/Pioneer Square formerly the Alaska Building is a 15-floor building in Seattle Washington completed in 1904 to designs by St. Louis architects Eames and Young. At the time of its completion it was the tallest building in Seattle.The building was purchased by American Life Inc. on December 6 2007 for $38.7 million and renovated to begin a new life as a Courtyard by Marriott in June 2010.
 The Austria Classic Hotel Wien is a three-star hotel located on Praterstraße in Vienna's second district the Leopoldstadt. It is a member of the Austria Classic Hotels group and was named Hotel Nordbahn until a rebranding in January 2008.
 Kentucky Oaks Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Paducah Kentucky USA. Managed by Cafaro Company the mall includes more than 90 inline stores. Its anchor stores comprise Sears JCPenney Best Buy Elder-Beerman a Dillard's store divided into two sub-stores and Dick's Sporting Goods. It was the largest mall in Kentucky by gross leasable area when it opened and remains the state's third-largest behind Fayette Mall in Lexington and Mall St. Matthews in Louisville.
 Highland Chapel Union Church is a historic nondenominational Protestant church on Highland Avenue in Ridgetop Tennessee.In the 19th century before the church was established children in the community attended Sunday school in their school building.
 Quaker Farms Historic District is a historic district in the town of Oxford Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Founded by Rabbi Meir Shapiro the Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva (Polish: Jesziwat Chachmei Lublin) was an important centre for Torah study in Poland.
 Tregonan Grange was a Cistercian grange of Beaulieu Abbey at Tregonan in the parish of St Keverne Cornwall England UK. It was founded before 1263 and expropriated before 1527; considerable remains existing 1755 have since disappeared.St Keverne was the site of a small Celtic monastery which survived the Norman Conquest but was seized soon after by lay hands. The lands of Tregonan came into the possession of the Cistercian Abbey of Beaulieu.
 The Chicago and North-Western Land Office now the Wabeno Public Library is a historic building in Wabeno Wisconsin United States. The building was constructed as a land office for the Chicago and Northwestern Railway in 1897 and was one of the first buildings in Wabeno. The Town of Wabeno bought the building in 1923 and later converted it to a library. The library is now the only log library in the state.
 The David Lane House is a historic house at 137 North Road in Bedford Massachusetts. The main block of this 1 1⁄2 story wood frame Cape style house was built in the 1780s by David Lane who was a fifer in the Bedford minute company at the Battles of Lexington and Concord in 1775. There is architectural evidence suggesting that part of the house was built by his grandfather Job Lane about 1720.
 The William Blacklock House built in 1800 is one of the United States' most important Adamesque houses. The house is two stories of brick on a high brick basement. The facade features a large lunette in the pediment openings in blind arches delicate tracery and a double flight of iron-railed steps.
 The Steuben House is a noted example of Bergen Dutch sandstone architecture located at New Bridge Landing on the Hackensack River in River Edge in Bergen County New Jersey United States.
 St. Patrick's Parish and Buildings is a historic church on Grand Street Ocean and Bramhall Avenues in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church was a former Methodist church located at 135 West Fourth Street Greenwich Village Manhattan New York. It was built in 1860 became a United Methodist church and closed in 2004 when its diminished congregation rented space in Trinity Chapel New York University (1964). The church could not be demolished as it was located in the Village historic district and was instead converted into residential units.
 Zion Lutheran Church in Shelly Minnesota is a church that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The church was built to serve a Norwegian immigrant congregation.
 Mount Saint Benedict or the Abbey of Our Lady of Exile is a Benedictine abbey located in north Trinidad. It was founded in October 1912 by an order of monks from Brazil after the Order of St Benedict of Italy [1] The Abbey complex consists of several buildings among them a church a monastery a seminary a yoghurt factory a drug rehab centre and Pax Guest House. The whole complex is situated high in the Northern Range north of St. Augustine/Tunapuna.
 J Ward was an Australian prison used to house the criminally insane located in Ararat Victoria Australia.Construction of the goal commenced in 1859 and the facility was opened in October 1861. In 1887 it was converted for use as a maximum security psychiatric ward for thecriminally insane. J Ward officially closed in 1991 and in 1993 it was re-opened as a museum.
 The Van de Kamp Bakery Building was built in 1930 in the Glassell Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. It served as the headquarters of the chain of bakeries and coffee shops known for their distinctive windmill architecture. The building was designed by New York architect J. Edward Hopkins to resemble a Dutch 16th century farmhouse.
 The Fountain of Colher (Portuguese: Fonte da Colher) is a fountain in the civil parish of Miragaia in the municipality of Porto under the level of the Rua Nova da Alfândega.
 Roebuck Tavern is a historic tavern at 21 Dedham Street in Wrentham Massachusetts. The tavern was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 Westgate Mall is a shopping mall in the city of Brockton Massachusetts. It is the oldest enclosed shopping mall in the state. Although Westgate Mall's GLA is small by regional standards it is also surrounded by numerous adjacent big-box stores including: Wal-Mart Lowe's Toys R Us A.C. Moore DeMoulas/Market Basket and Dick's Sporting Goods. These stand alone retailers compliment the main building driving increased traffic to the location as a shopping destination.
 Valnesfjord Church (Norwegian: Valnesfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Straumsnes. The church is part of the Valnesfjord parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was completed in 1905 and it was consecrated on 14 June 1905 the Bishop Peter Wilhelm Bøckman. The church seats about 315 people.
 The Edward W. Haviland House is a historic home located at Port Deposit Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story 12-room stuccoed frame building constructed in 1913 in the Dutch Colonial style. In 1926 a large frame double garage and carriage house was built to the rear of the main house. The house was designed by architect Charles J. McDowell.The Edward W. Haviland House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 St. Stephen's Church Hyson Green is a Church of England church in Hyson Green Nottingham.
 The Technology Center is an academic building on the campus of Washington & Jefferson College housing the Information Technology Leadership program. It houses over 200 instructional computers for use by the Information Technology Leadership and related classes.
 The Center-Gaillard House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama. The earliest part of the house was built in 1827. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 18 1984 as a part of the 19th Century Spring Hill Neighborhood Thematic Resource.
 The John Wyeth House is an historic house at 56 Aberdeen Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1841 and originally stood across the street from the gate of Mount Auburn Cemetery. It was moved to its present location in 1922-23; it is one of the oldest Greek Revival houses in Northwest Cambridge.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Promenade In Temecula (usually abbreviated by local residents as The Promenade) is a shopping mall in Temecula California owned by Forest City Enterprises. Opened in 1999 its anchor stores are J. C. Penney Macy's - occupies two anchor spots: Macy's North (which was a former Robinsons-May) and Macy's South (which preceded North) and Sears.Originally opened with 3 department stores Macy's opened in 2002 alongside a new concourse of shops.
 The Argyle Building in Kansas City Missouri was built in 1906. It was designed as a 4-story structure by architect Louis Curtiss in Early Commercial style. In 1924-1925 the firm of Keene & Simpson expanded the building to 10 stories. The new floors were used for medical offices. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The McCulloch County Courthouse is located in Brady McCulloch County in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in McCulloch County Texas in 1977 and became a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1967.
 Massachusetts Correctional Institution – Framingham (MCI - Framingham) is the Massachusetts Department of Correction's institution for female offenders. It is located in Framingham Massachusetts a large town located midway between Worcester and Boston. The prison was once known as Framingham State Prison however MCI Framingham is the official name and is favored.
 The Katonah Museum of Art is a non-collecting institution geared towards visual arts located in Katonah New York. The museum presents changing exhibitions that cross a spectrum of artistic disciplines cultures and historical periods. With each exhibition artists curators and other specialists present art through programs lectures and workshops designed for visitors of all ages.
 Philadelphus Presbyterian Church is a historic church near Philadelphus North Carolina built during the Antebellum era in 1858 by carpenter Gilbert P. Higley. This church replaced an earlier one which had been in existence since at least 1795. The new church by Higley was constructed in the Greek Revival style with an in antis portico (columns on either side of the entranceway) and was able to accommodate a two storey sanctuary and gallery.
 St Anne's Church Bukit Mertajam is a famous Roman Catholic church located in Bukit Mertajam Penang Malaysia. It is one of the parishes in the Diocese of Penang. Its annual celebration of the feast of St Anne regularly attracts over 100000 pilgrims from Malaysia as well as neighbouring countries like Singapore the Philippines and Australia. The celebrations lasts for 10 days and includes the actual feast day on 26 July.
 Mount Auburn Hospital is a hospital in Cambridge Massachusetts affiliated with Harvard Medical School. It was founded in 1886 as the first hospital in Cambridge and until 1947 was known as Cambridge Hospital.
 Brown's Manor is a historic house at 115 High Street in Ipswich Massachusetts.The Second Empire style house was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Bernhard Museum Complex is a history museum located in Auburn California United States. It consists of one of the oldest buildings in Placer County Traveler's Rest which was built in 1851 as a hotel.
 Winehaven was a winery and town in Richmond California that held the title of world's largest winery for 12 years (1907–1919). It later became a fuel depot for the United States Navy.After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake left the city in ruins the California Wine Association moved to Point Molate a promontory on the east shore of San Pablo Bay and began construction of Winehaven.
 Chor Minar or 'Tower of Thieves' is a 13th-century minaret with 225 holes situated just off Aurobindo Marg in the Hauz Khas area in New Delhi.It was built under the rule of Alauddin Khilji of the Khilji dynasty (1290–1320) in the thirteenth century.According to local legends it was a 'tower of beheading' where the severed heads of thieves were displayed on spear through its 225 holes to act as a deterrent to thieves though some historian suggest that the Khilji king slaughtered a settlement of Mongol people nearby to stop them from joining with their brethren in another Mongol settlement in Delhi the present day locality of 'Mongolpuri'.During the raid of Ali Beg Tartaq and Targhi (1305) 8000 Mongol prisoners were executed and their heads displayed is the towers around Siri
 Jackson Barracks is the headquarters of the Louisiana National Guard. It is located in the Lower 9th Ward of New Orleans Louisiana. The base was established in 1834 and was known as New Orleans Barracks prior to July 7 1866 when it was renamed in honor of Andrew Jackson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Government House is the official residence and office of the Governor-General of Barbados. It was built in the colonial days and was the residence of the Governor of Barbados. It later continued in the role of official residence and office of the Governor-General following political independence from the United Kingdom in 1966.
 The Keith Building is a skyscraper in downtown Cleveland Ohio. At the time of its construction in 1922 it was the tallest building in Cleveland and currently stands as the 23rd-tallest. Owner Edward Albee II named it in memory of B. F. Keith his former business partner. The Keith Building houses the Palace Theater Playhouse Square Center's second-largest theater and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.[citation needed]
 The House at 2123 W. Second Street is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 25 Cabot Square is a 17-floor office building occupied by Morgan Stanley in the Canary Wharf development in London England.The architect on the project was Skidmore Owings & Merrill and the building was completed in 1991. It is 81 metres tall with a floorspace of 41666.00 m².For several years 25 Cabot Square was connected at the first floor level to neighbouring 20 Cabot Square by an enclosed pedestrian footbridge built after both properties were completed.
 The Thompson Home is a Victorian structure located at 4756 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. Originally the Thompson Home for Old Ladies it was constructed in 1884 designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Watergardens Town Centre is a super regional shopping centre and homemaker complex located twenty-four kilometres north-west of Melbourne in the suburb of Taylors Lakes served by Watergardens railway station. It is owned by QIC. It is well located in an area of newly developing estates. It currently has 243 businesses.
 Georgetown Bagelry is a bagel bakery in the Washington D.C. area. The first location was on M street downtown and it is now located in Bethesda Maryland. It has been voted by the Washington Post and Washington City Paper and The Washingtonian as having the best bagels in the area.
 Reformed Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Reformed Presbyterian church parsonage on Duanesburg Churches Road in Duanesburg Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1829 and is a two story five bay frame vernacular Federal style residence. It has a gable roof with cornice returns a narrow frieze clapboard siding and slender corner boards. It has a two story rear wing.
 Mokrice Castle (German: Mokritz) is a medieval castle southeast of Brežice Slovenia located in the Gorjanci hills in the village of Jesenice near the Croatian border. First mentioned in 1444 it was rebuilt in the 16th century and in 1941. After World War II it was made into a hotel with restaurants and in 1988 a golf course was built in the grounds to the castle. In the same year English pop band the Pet Shop Boys used this castle to film the video for their single Heart.
 Château de Montastruc is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and Saint Paul Railway Iron River Depot located in Iron River Michigan was built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as the Milwaukee Road) in 1913. The brick depot has a modified Neoclassical design and is rectangular in shape. The depot has a covered porch on one end that connected to the waiting room. The station agent's office was located in the middle of the building and a freight room was on the other end.
 Allentown State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located at 1600 Hanover Ave. in Allentown Pennsylvania. It served the counties of Lehigh Northampton Carbon Monroe Pike and occasionally eastern Schuylkill. It was one of seven remaining psychiatric hospitals in Pennsylvania.
 S. H. Barnicoat Monuments S. H. Barnicoat Granite Works or more recently Hancock Monument Co. was a granite monument supply company at 114 Columbia Street at the corner of Centre Street in Quincy Massachusetts. The exact location is shown on a plot map on the Massachusetts Historical Commission report preceding its nomination to the National Register.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Wycoller Hall was a late sixteenth century manor house in the village of Wycoller Lancashire. The hall was the centre of a sizable estate but subsequently fell into disrepair. The ruins are now listed and form part of Wycoller Country Park.
 St Augustine's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican church in the village of Brookland Kent in Walland Marsh about 5 miles north-east of Rye East Sussex. It was originally built about 1250. It has the unusual feature that the bell tower is separate from the rest of the church.
 The Barnstable County Courthouse is an historic courthouse on Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The two story Greek Revival building was built in 1831 to a design by noted architect Alexander Parris. It is built mostly out of Quincy granite although its front portico and fluted Doric columns are made of wood fashioned to look like stone.
 San Pietro Martire English: St. Peter Martyr) is a Roman catholic parish church in Murano near Venice northern Italy.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse also known as Big Stone Gap Post Office and C. Bascom Slemp Federal Building is a historic courthouse and post office building located in Big Stone Gap Wise County Virginia. It was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under James Knox Taylor and built between 1911 and 1913. It is a three-story seven bay stone building with a low hipped roof in the Second Renaissance Revival style.
 Old Karasjok Church (Norwegian: Karasjok gamle kirke) is a former parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The church is no longer regularly used but it is used occasionally for special situations. It is located in the village of Karasjok. The church is part of the Karasjok parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1807 by the architect Daniel Storch.
 Ludvika Town Hall (Swedish: Ludvika stadshus) is the official Municipal Council building for the City of Ludvika in Dalarna County Sweden. Situated centrally the town hall is found in the corner of Bangatan and Dan Anderssons gata opposite Ludvika Ulrica the local parish church. The town hall was designed in 1934 by architect Cyrillus Johansson (city architect 1931–1941) with construction commencing in 1936. The building was completed in 1938 and remains in use as town hall to this day.
 The Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum is a museum located in Lafayette Louisiana. It is the art museum for the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and is named after Paul and Lulu Hilliard who donated $3 million for the building's construction.
 Nokere Castle is a castle in Kruishoutem Belgium.
 Boylston Building is an historic building at 2-22 Boylston Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1887 by Carl Fehmer and Woodbury & Leighton. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Alfred Denny Building is a 7-storey red brick building in Sheffield England named after the first Professor of Zoology at the department. It is a part of the University of Sheffield linked to Firth Court (named after Mark Firth) via the Addison Building the original site of the Firth College one of the forerunners of the university and still its current administrative headquarters housing the Vice-Chancellor's office.
 Goshen Historic District is a historic district and the town center village of Goshen Connecticut. Historic buildings in the district include examples of Greek Revival Federal and Victorian architecture from as early as 1760.
 Temple Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Reform synagogue located at 892 Cherry Street in Macon Georgia. Formed in 1859 by Jews of German background as Congregation Kahal Kadosh Beth Israel it was originally Orthodox and followed the German minhag.The congregation constructed its first building on the corner of Poplar and Second Streets from 1871 to 1874.
 The Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre is an aviation museum located at the Omaka Air Field 5 km (3 mi) from the centre of Blenheim New Zealand.
 Castle House in Usk Monmouthshire Wales originally formed the gatehouse to Usk Castle. Much altered in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries it is now a private home and a Grade I listed building.The building is of three storeys in stucco and with a slate roof. Its gabled rear range incorporates the inner half of the late fourteenth century gatehouse to the castle.
 Westfield Riccarton (also known by its former name Riccarton Mall) is a large retail complex located in the Christchurch New Zealand suburb of Riccarton. First opened in 1965 it is Christchurch's oldest shopping mall.Riccarton Mall was extensively remodeled around 1994-1995 with most stores relocating to new premises within the mall Farmers is one of the few stores to remain in its original location. The remodel introduced a food court into the mall and a new rooftop car park.
 The Decatur and Kate Dickinson House is located in Neillsville Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Dr. Oscar Owre House is a house in Minneapolis Minnesota United States just north of Lake of the Isles. It was designed by notable local architects Purcell Feick & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. Dr. Oscar Owre was a professor at the University of Minnesota School of Dentistry. The house is generally cube-shaped but extends outward through a series of porches. The front porch is glassed-in and provides a good view of the lake.
 Port Lympne at Lympne Kent is an early twentieth-century country house built for Sir Philip Sassoon by Herbert Baker and Philip Tilden. Completed after the First World War it was abandoned after the Second World War following Sassoon's death in 1939. In 1973 it was purchased by John Aspinall as part of an expansion of his Howletts Zoo. The house is a Grade II* listed building as of 29 December 1966.
 St Mary the Virgin Church is an Anglican church in the Kemptown area of Brighton in the English city of Brighton and Hove. The present building dates from the late 1870s and replaced a church of the same name which suddenly collapsed while being renovated. The Gothic-style red-brick building whose style resembles Early English revival and French Gothic revival is now a Grade II* listed building and remains in use despite threats of closure.
 American Legion Post No. 121 is a historic building built in 1934 near Paris Arkansas. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1995. It reflects WPA Rustic architecture and is listed for its architecture. It served historically as a meeting hall. One building and one other contributing structure are included in the NRHP listing.
 Gulfport Veterans Administration Medical Center Historic District also known as Centennial Plaza is a 48-acre (19-ha) compound located in Gulfport Mississippi. The facility operated as a medical center under the Veterans Administration from the 1920s until 2005 when damage from Hurricane Katrina resulted in its closure. The property was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2010 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
 St. Ann’s Church was the name of a former Roman Catholic parish church at 110-120 East 12th Street between Fourth and Third Avenues in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 834 Fifth Avenue is a luxury residential housing cooperative in Manhattan New York City. It is located on Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 64th Street opposite the Central Park Zoo in Central Park. The limestone-clad building was designed by Rosario Candela a prolific designer of luxury apartment buildings in Manhattan during the period between World War I and World War II.834 Fifth Avenue is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious apartment houses in New York City.
 Worsham High School also known as Worsham Elementary and High School and Worsham School is a historic high school complex located near Farmville Prince Edward County Virginia. It was built in 1927 and is a one- to two-story banked brick building with a recessed arched entrance showing influences from the Colonial Revival style. The school contains 12 classrooms on two floors arranged in a U around a central auditorium/classroom.
 The Atik Valide Mosque (Turkish: Atik Valide Camii Eski Valide Camii) is an Ottoman mosque located on the hill above a large and densely populated district of Üsküdar in Istanbul Turkey.
 The Dyer Observatory also known as the Arthur J. Dyer Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Vanderbilt University. Built in 1953 it is located in Brentwood Tennessee and is the only university facility not located on the main campus in Nashville. The observatory is named after Arthur J. Dyer who paid for the observatory's 24-foot (7.3 m)-wide dome and houses a 24-inch (610 mm) reflecting telescope named for astronomer Carl Seyfert.
 Furnace Mountain (temple name Kwan Se Um San Ji Sah) is an American Zen Buddhist retreat center in Clay City Kentucky co-founded in 1986 by Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim and Dae Gak Soen Sa Nim as part of the international Kwan Um School of Zen; it is now unaffiliated with the school in an official capacity. In 1990 the main Meditation Hall was completed and in 1994 the temple was constructed and opened.
 Tidewater Inn is a historic hotel in Easton Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a Colonial Revival brick hip-roofed four-story hotel with flanking three-story wings and an addition on the north wing. The original section was completed in 1949 with an addition to the north constructed in 1953. The floor plan of the original building is a flattened chevron shape.
 St Mary le Port is a ruined parish church in the centre of Bristol England. It is said to have been founded in Saxon times and rebuilt and enlarged between the 11th and 16th centuries.During the 19th and early 20th centuries the church was a very popular centre of evangelical Protestant and Calvinist teaching within Anglicanism.The church was bombed in the Second World War on 24 November 1940.
 The House at 97 Adriatic Avenue is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 97 Adriatic Avenue. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 City Square House is a 156-metre (512 ft) tower block in Leeds West Yorkshire England.This central site adjacent to the city railway station has been cleared of the previous six storey building and while awaiting development was sold in 2005 for £11m from previous developers AWG Developments to the McAleer and Rushe Group who intend to speculatively proceed with the scheme.An earlier design for a traditional and modern looking 10 storey office building has recently been superseded by a revised 14 storey scheme with a more modern full height glass facade. 
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Zalnoc) is a church in Zalnoc Romania built in the 18th century.
 Algonquin Commons is an upper-tier outdoor shopping mall or lifestyle center located along Randall Road in Algonquin Illinois a northwest suburb of Chicago. The mall is located in Kane County Illinois just south of the McHenry County line. Featuring over 80 retailers and restaurants and 600000 total square feet it is the largest lifestyle center in Illinois and among the largest in the United States.
 Telecom Tower Islamabad is a 113-metre-high office building built in 2011 and is located in the Blue Area of Islamabad. It is being built by Pakistan Telecommunication Trust.The building consists of 24 floors plus four basement levels and includes a parking facility for 400 cars. Civil contractor for the building is Izhar Construction and Electrical works carried out by Siemens Pakistan Engineering Co.Ltd. It was designed by Nespak.
 Temple Shaari Emeth (meaning gates of truth; Hebrew: השערים של אמת) is a Reform synagogue located at 400 Craig Road in Manalapan New Jersey.
 The Television Cultural Center (TVCC) (中央电视台电视文化中心) was due to open in mid-May 2009 containing a hotel a theatre and several studios.
 Park Hotel (simplified Chinese: 国际饭店; traditional Chinese: 國際飯店; pinyin: Guójì Fàndìan; literally International Hotel) once the tallest building in Asia from 1934 to 1958 is a famous hotel on Nanjing Road West overlooking People's Park in Shanghai China.
 The Dupont Circle Building is a landmark building on the south end of Dupont Circle in Washington DC. The entrance is on 1350 Connecticut Avenue NW.It was designed in the art deco style by architect Mihran Mesrobian originally as an apartment building.
 West End Historic District is a national historic district located at Suffolk Virginia. The district encompasses 201 contributing buildings and 93 contributing structures in a primarily residential section of the city of Suffolk. The district includes buildings dating from the last decade of the 19th century through the first four decades of the 20th century in a variety of popular architectural styles including Queen Anne and Folk Victorian.
 Limavady Baptist Church is an Evangelical Christian church located in Limavady situated in Northern Ireland affiliated with the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland.
 David Rayfiel House also known as The Sacandaga Glass House or Shelter for David Rayfiel is a historic home located at Day in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1958 on the southern banks of Great Sacandaga Lake in the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains. It is a 1 1/2-story Modern Movement style dwelling measuring 23 feet wide and 20 feet deep. The facade consists of a glass curtain wall set on a concrete foundation and topped by a flat roof with metal capping.
 The Ryan House and Lost Horse Well is a historic district in Joshua Tree National Park California United States. It was established by the Ryan family the later developers of the Lost Horse Mine which became the most profitable mine in the area. The Lost Horse Well at the Ryan Ranch supplied water to the Lost Horse Mine 3 miles south and 750' higher by pipeline.The six-room house was built as an adobe residence in 1896 with later wood frame additions.
 The Palace Hotel is a building located in Downtown Missoula Montana. Built in 1909 it became one of Missoula's first multi-story hotels. Today it is used as rental apartments. Its architectural style is Renaissance revival. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Lathrop-Mathewson-Ross House is located in Lisbon Connecticut. The house was built in 1761 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1982.The Lathrop-Mathewson-Ross House was part of the 200+ acre Ross Farm which was purchased by Edward Peace Friedland and Joan W. Friedland in 1958. Over the course of the 40 years that they owned this home the Friedlands painstakingly restored the structure and grounds to authentic 18th century specifications.
 The Leverian collection was a large natural history and ethnographic collection assembled by Ashton Lever. It was noted in particular for the content it acquired from the voyages of Captain James Cook. For three decades it was on display in London being broken up by auction in 1806.The first public location of the collection was the Holophusikon (or Holophusicon) also known as the Leverian Museum at Leicester House on Leicester Square in London England from 1775 to 1786.
 McKinstrey House is a historic house located at 18 High Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1759 for William McKinstry a minister from Windsor Massachusetts. The 2-story brick-end house is arranged on a symmetrical 5-bay plan with a hipped roof framed by four interior chimneys.In June 1763 the house was the scene of a grisly murder where the McKinstrey's daughter Elizabeth was murdered by a servant. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Old Union School off Ohio State Route 314 in Chesterville Ohio was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The structure primarily incorporates Greek Revival architecture but includes some Italianate features. It is the oldest remaining academic building in the area. The building was used for this purpose until 1890 and has since served as a residence.
 Det Blå Pakhus (English: The Blue Warehouse) located on Tolbodgade on the waterfront between Amalienborg Palace and Langelinie is a former 18th-century warehouse in Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1783 to the design of Caspar Frederik Harsdorff it was converted into dwellings in the late 1970s.
 The U.S. Post Office in Beacon New York is located on Main Street (New York State Route 52 Business). It serves the ZIP Code 12508 covering the entire city of Beacon and some of the neighboring areas of the Town of Fishkill. It is a stone structure in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style built in the mid-1930s.
 The J.P. Schneider Store is a historic commerce building in downtown Austin Texas built in 1873. Built along Second Street the structure is the only remaining historic building in the immediate vicinity and is today surrounded by Austin City Hall and an office building for the Computer Sciences Corporation.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Halifax Armoury is a prominent and historic structure in central Halifax Nova Scotia. The armoury is currently the home base of 1st (Halifax-Dartmouth) Field Artillery Regiment The Princess Louise Fusiliers and several other reserve units. The building remains an active military structure.
 The Spencer County Courthouse in Rockport Indiana was built in 1921. It has been regarded as one of the finest works of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and is the most imposing building in Rockport. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Chapel of the Good Shepherd is a historic chapel in Ridgeway North Carolina.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Oak Grove Methodist Church is a historic church in Ten Mile Tennessee.It was built in 1890 in the Gothic Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Confederate Monument in Union City Tennessee also known as First Monument to Unknown Confederate Dead is a simple marker erected in 1869 in a cemetery that was the burial site for the remains of 29 unidentified Confederate combatants killed in the American Civil War. Dedicated on October 21 1869 it was one of Tennessee's first Confederate monuments.
 John Briggs House is a historic home located at Milo Center in Yates County New York. It is a Federal style structure built about 1795.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Provo Canyon Guard Quarters is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sapporo Independent Christian Church (Japanese: 札幌独立キリスト教会 Hepburn: Sapporo Dokuritsu Kirisuto Kyōkai or Sapporo Christian Church) is a church located in Sapporo Japan. It was founded in 1881 by students of William S. Clark at the Sapporo Agricultural College. These students became known as the Sapporo band of Christians. Although Clark had returned to the United States by the time the church was founded he supported it financially and corresponded with its members through letters.
 The Osgood Building is an historic site at 129 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The building was built in 1893 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 The Rhode Island Red Monument is a historic commemorative sculpture in Little Compton Rhode Island in the village of Adamsville Rhode Island commemorating Rhode Island's state bird the Rhode Island Red.The Rhode Island Red Club of America a chicken breeder organization founded in 1898 raised the funds for a monument in Adamsville because the Rhode Island Island Red was first bred near the village in the 1850s. The sculpture was completed in 1925 by Henry L. Norton.
 The Oregon Film Museum is a museum highlighting and celebrating movies that were made in the U.S. state of Oregon. The museum is housed in the old Clatsop County Jail in Astoria Oregon which is on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was used in a famous scene in the 1985 film The Goonies.
 Faneuil Hall (/ˈfænjəl/ or /ˈfænəl/; previously /ˈfʌnəl/) located near the waterfront and today's Government Center in Boston Massachusetts has been a marketplace and a meeting hall since 1742. It was the site of several speeches by Samuel Adams James Otis and others encouraging independence from Great Britain. Now it is part of Boston National Historical Park and a well-known stop on the Freedom Trail.
 Ebenezer Baptist Church is a historic church at 826 Riley in Atchison Kansas.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The Fairview Training Center was a state-run facility for people with developmental disabilities in Salem Oregon United States. Fairview was established in 1907 as the State Institution for the Feeble-Minded. The hospital opened on December 1 1908 with 39 patients transferred from the Oregon State Insane Asylum. Before its closure in 2000 Fairview was administered by the Oregon Department of Human Services (DHS).
 The Mansfield Hollow Historic District is a 18-acre (7.3 ha) historic district in the town of Mansfield Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The district is focused on a stone mill site known as Kirby's Mill on the Natchaug River.
 The Sheraton Aleppo Hotel is a five-star hotel opened in the beginning of 2007 in the ancient part of Aleppo city within the historic walls on Al-Khandaq street Aqabeh district near the Bab al-Faraj clock tower. In January 2012 Starwood Hotels severed all connections with the hotel due to U.S.
 The Samuel C. Dunham House in Tonopah Nevada was built in 1904. It is a typical example of the houses built at the time by prosperous businessmen in Tonopah. The bungalow-style house features six tapered shingled columns supporting an expansive front porch which curves around the corner. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 805 St. Charles Avenue in St. Charles Winona County Minnesota United States. Built in 1874 its board and batten walls and lancet windows and door are typical of Carpenter Gothic style architecture while its center entry bell tower is atypical. It is no longer in use as a church and is included now on city park property just west of the city hall.
 The Hubbard-Dawson House is a historic house at 925 Main Street in Holden Massachusetts. This rambling 2.5 story wood frame house is the only surviving instance of Colonial Revival and Queen Anne styling in Holden. The central portion of the house is fairly old and may date to 1832 when a house was known to be standing on the property.
 Maiden Spring is a historic home and farm complex and national historic district located at Pounding Mill Tazewell County Virginia. The district encompasses eight contributing buildings two contributing sites and one contributing structure. The main house consists of a large two-story five-bay frame central-passage-plan dwelling with an earlier frame dwelling (c. 1772) incorporated as an ell.
 The State Correctional Institution (SCI) at Coal Township commonly referred to as SCI Coal Township is a Pennsylvania Department of Corrections prison. Vincent Mooney is its superintendent. SCI Coal Township houses about 2300 inmates.
 The Thistles Shopping Centre is located in Stirling Scotland. The shopping centre caters for over 500000 sq ft of retail providing 87 units in total since opening in 1977.
 The Parmelee House is a property in Killingworth Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. The house was built c.1770.
 The Cobb House is a historic house near Grove Hill Alabama. The two-story I-house was built in 1865. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on January 29 1980 and subsequently to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1999. It was listed due to its architectural significance as a part of the Clarke County Multiple Property Submission.
 The Gresham Library also known as the Gresham Regional Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Gresham in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 Comstock Hall is a building of Cornell University. It was built in 1911 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was designed by Green & Wicks.The old Comstock Hall was built by New York State or the Entomology Department but in the 1980s it was sold to Cornell so that mainframe computers could be relocated from Langmuir Laboratory.
 The Zona Gale House was built by Zona Gale the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for her parents. It is located in Portage Wisconsin. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for its significance in literature and architecture.
 Boise Towne Square is a mall in Boise Idaho United States. The largest mall in Idaho it was built in 1988 after more than 20 years of planning. It features over 186 stores with Macy's (formerly The Bon Marché) JCPenney Sears Kohl's and Dillard's (added in 1998) as anchor stores. The mall also includes the first Apple Store in the state of Idaho. Boise Towne Square is owned by the Chicago Illinois-based General Growth Properties.
 Bell Tower is an office tower in Edmonton Alberta Canada completed in 1982. The tower comprises 31 storeys and stands 130 metres (426 ft) tall. It was formerly known as the Canadian Commercial Bank Tower was the headquarters of the Canadian Commercial Bank before that bank failed in 1985. Current tenants include Bell Canada Meyers Norris Penny and Bishop & McKenzie LLP.
 Palacio Barolo is a landmark office building located at 1370 Avenida de Mayo in the neighborhood of Monserrat Buenos Aires Argentina. When it was built it was the tallest building in the city and South America. Its twin brother Palacio Salvo is a building designed and erected in Eclectic style but of greater height built by the same architect in Montevideo.This building was declared a national historic monument in 1997.
 The Oak Hill is a historic plantation home located at Colonial Heights Virginia. It was built in 1825-1826 and is a one-story frame dwelling with Greek Revival style interior decorative details. It originally had an H shape but was subsequently expanded with several additions. It features a distinctive elongated octagonal wing at the west end inspired by nearby Violet Bank.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The J. K. Miller Homestead near Big Prairie Montana United States was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The listing included three contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.
 Trinity Lutheran Church in Altenburg Missouri is a member congregation of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS).
 Ilkley Toy Museum in Ilkley West Yorkshire houses a private collection of toys dating from 350 BCE to modern times and is open to the public schools and groups. It opens at weekends: see the website for weekday opening times appointments and admission charges.
 The Simeon Deming House is a historic residence in western Washington County Ohio United States. Located along Kern Road northeast of the community of Watertown the house was built in 1806 as the residence of a veteran of the American Revolution. A native of Sandisfield Massachusetts Deming enlisted in the local milita companies in 1780. The present structure is one of Ohio's oldest extant Federal houses featuring brick walls that rest on a foundation of sandstone with a full basement.
 St. John's Church Wroxall is a parish church in the Church of England located in Wroxall Isle of Wight.
 The Pierce Block is a historic building in downtown Tulsa Oklahoma on the northeast corner of Third Street and Detroit Avenue that was constructed as a hotel in 1909. According to the Tulsa Preservation Commission it is the oldest remaining post-statehood hotel in Tulsa. Originally it was a few blocks west of the Midland Valley Railroad passenger station which was at Third and Greenwood Avenue.The building architecture is Plains Commercial style.
 St. Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church in the Hall Green area of Birmingham England.
 Revloc Historic District is a national historic district located at Cambria Township in Cambria County Pennsylvania. The district includes 203 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure. The district consists of residential areas and utilitarian industrial buildings associated with the Monroe Coal Mining Company and developed between 1917 and 1944. The mine was serviced by the Cambria and Indiana Railroad.
 Chavakachcheri Hospital is a government hospital in Chavakachcheri Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 111 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Chavakachcheri Base Hospital or Chavakachcheri District Hospital.As well as general medical and surgical care the hospital provides a wide variety of healthcare services including diabetic dentistry obstetrics (ante-natal) oncology ophthalmology paediatrics psychiatry and tuberculosis.
 Harvey Cedars Bible Conference is a building complex of the Presbyterian denomination in Harvey Cedars New Jersey including a hotel a dock and sport facilities.
 Robb Farm is a historic home and farm located at Walker Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Votive Church and Cathedral of Our Lady of Hungary (Hungarian: Szegedi dóm or Fogadalmi templom) is a twin-spired church in Szeged it lies on Dóm square. Construction began in 1913 but due to the outbreak of the First World War it was not completed until 1930. The church serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Szeged–Csanád.
 Romfo Church (Norwegian: Romfo kyrkje) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Romfo. The church is part of the Romfo parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden octagonal church was built in 1824 to serve the inner part of the Sunndalen valley along the river Driva. The church was designed by the architect Ole P. Tøfte. The church seats about 267 people.
 The James Cawley House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Saint Thomas Church is a historic church in Saint Helier Jersey. It is the largest church in the Channel Islands and first opened its doors in 1885.
 The Montfort Hospital is a francophone hospital in Ottawa Canada offering bilingual medical care to patients in the National Capital Region.The hospital was founded in 1953 by the Filles de la Sagesse Catholic order and is named after one of the order's founders Saint Louis-Marie Grignion de Montfort. It was secularized in 1970. In the late 1980s it was rebuilt with a large modern section added.
 Spring Bank Farm is a large house built in 1880 near Frederick Maryland in the small community of Harmony Grove. The house combines Gothic Revival and Italianate architecture. The house retains much of its historic detailing and interior fabric as well as a number of outbuildings.
 Eastside Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 219 N. Osage Avenue in Okmulgee Oklahoma.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Upper Sioux Agency State Park is a Minnesota state park on the Minnesota River south of Granite Falls. It preserves the site of the historic Yellow Medicine Agency which was destroyed in the Dakota War of 1862.
 The DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Shanghai–Pudong (Chinese: 东锦江大酒店) is a skyscraper and hotel in Shanghai China managed by DoubleTree. The tower is 207 metres (679 ft) tall has 47 stories and was completed in 2002.Close to SNIEC the DoubleTree has convenient access to Shanghai CBD. The hotel features 850 rooms 6 restaurants a health club and conference facilities for up to 600 delegates.
 Charlesfort-Santa Elena Site is an archeological site on Parris Island South Carolina which is also known as Ribault Monument San Marcos San Felipe or 38BU51 and 38BU162. It is the site of two settlements dating to the time of European colonization: Charlesfort founded by the French explorer Jean Ribault in 1562 and Santa Elena founded by the Spanish in 1566. For some background see Timeline of the colonization of North America.
 The Scranton Lace Company also known as the Scranton Lace Curtain Company and Scranton Lace Curtain Manufacturing Company was an American lace manufacturer in Scranton Pennsylvania.
 Grand Park Centre also known as the Michigan Mutual Building is a high-rise office building in downtown Detroit Michigan located at 28 West Adams Avenue at the corner of Adams Avenue West and Woodward Avenue standing across from Grand Circus Park in the Foxtown neighbourhood. Nearby buildings and attractions are Grand Circus Park Comerica Park Ford Field the Dime Building and Campus Martius Park.
 Guilford Center Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on County Road 36 in Guilford Center Chenango County New York. It was built in 1817 and is a large 1 1⁄2-story rectangular wood-frame building five bays long and three bays wide. It is built into the side of a hill on a cut-stone foundation. It features a three-stage tower with a spire.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Santuario de San Jose (Sanctuary of Saint Joseph) is a parish church found inside the Green Hills East Village in Mandaluyong City Philippines. It is designated as the Shrine of Saint Joseph the Patriarch. It is run by the Oblates of St. Joseph (OSJ). It is the home parish of different chapels: the Holy Family Chapel (inside the Greenhills Shopping Center) and the two chapels of Crame Immaculate Conception and Sacred Heart.It is named after its principal patron St. Joseph husband of Mary.
 Greenwich District Hospital was an acute district general hospital situated in Greenwich London. It was built in the 1960s on the site of St. Alfege's Hospital Greenwich.In order to build a hospital with a large enough capacity for the requirements of the local population (up to 800 beds) on a small site (less than 8 acres) a single large building was designed.
 The Millennium Tower and Cultural Centre project is one of the many projects in the Central District of Nigeria's capital city of Abuja. At 170 metres (560 ft) the tower would be the tallest building in Nigeria. The tower was designed by Manfredi Nicoletti and is part of the Nigeria National Complex which includes the Nigeria Cultural Centre and Municipal Building.
 San Diego all'Ospedaletto also known as San Giuseppe Maggiore is a Baroque style church located on via Medina in the rione Carità in Naples Italy. The name of San Giuseppe Maggiore derives from a church of that name belonging to Arciconfraternity of the Mannesi (i falegnami) that was demolished nearby in the 16th century.The church was commissioned by Giovanna Castriota in 1514 a lady of the court of Giovanna III dei Castriota.
 The Musée Malraux (otherwise called MuMa or Musée d'art moderne André Malraux) is a museum in Le Havre France. It was designed by Atelier LWD an architecture studio led by Guy Lagneau Michel Weill and Jean Dimitrijevic. It is named after André Malraux who was Minister of Culture when the museum was opened in 1961. The museum contains one of the most extensive collections of impressionist paintings in France.
 Långholmen Prison officially Långholmen Central Prison (Swedish: Långholmens centralfängelse) was historically one of the biggest prison facilities in Sweden with more than 500 cells located on the island of Långholmen in Stockholm. It was built 1874-1880 as the central prison of Sweden and was in use until 1975. Today the building is being used as a hotel/hostel and museum as well as to accommodate a folk high school. Part of the prison was demolished in 1982.
 The Apollonia Museum (also known as the Susa Museum) is a museum located in Susa Libya.
 The Rialto Theater in Deer Lodge Montana was built in 1921 with 720 seats. The Beaux Arts style theater featured extensive painted murals artistic plaster designs and a painted stage backgrounds.
 The Musée Mécanique (English: Mechanical Museum) is a for-profit interactive museum consisting of 20th-century penny arcade games and artifacts located at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco California. The museum owns over 300 mechanical machines and is one of the largest privately owned collection of such games in the world.
 Somersville Towne Center is a regional shopping mall located in Antioch California. Previously named County East Mall until 2004 the 501259 square feet (46570 m2) mall is managed by The Macerich Company. Originally opened in 1966 it is strategically positioned in one of the fastest growing areas of the San Francisco Bay area east Contra Costa County.
 Sts Thomas Minster Newport Minster or The Minster Church of Sts Thomas until 2008 Sts Thomas Church is civically recognised as the main Anglican church on the Isle of Wight.
 The Deutsche Bank Twin Towers also known as Deutsche Bank Headquarters (German: Zwillingstürme der Deutschen Bank or Hauptverwaltung Deutsche Bank AG) is a twin tower skyscraper complex in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. Both towers rise to 155 m (509 ft) and serve as headquarters for Deutsche Bank the largest bank in Germany. The twin towers are sometimes nicknamed debit and credit (German: Soll und Haben) the two aspects of every financial transaction.
 The Caldwell Block is a historic block on S. Main Street in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is the oldest surviving building in Ipswich that was designed as a commercial and retail space and is still used for that purpose. It is located prominently in the center of Ipswich at the junction of North and South Main Streets and Central and Market Streets.
 The Museum of Hungarian Aviation (Hungarian: Magyar Repüléstörténeti Múzeum Szolnok) is a large museum displaying old military and civilian aircraft and aircraft engines in Szolnok Hungary. It is located next to the Lt. Ittebei Kiss József Helicopter Base of the Hungarian Air Force.
 Charles Towne Square was an indoor shopping mall located in North Charleston South Carolina opened in 1976 by developer Melvin Simon & Associates. It was most noted for its large town square style clock and children's train ride during Christmas time.
 The Mateus Palace (Portuguese: Palácio de Mateus Solar de Mateus or Casa de Mateus) is a palace located in the civil parish of Mateus municipality of Vila Real Portugal. Architect Nicolau Nasoni was involved in the project for the construction of the palace which took place in the 18th century.
 Rinnō-ji (輪王寺) is a complex of 15 Buddhist temple buildings in the city of Nikkō Tochigi Prefecture Japan. The site was established in the year 766 by the Buddhist monk Shōdō. Due to its geographic isolation deep in the mountains of Japan the site soon attracted other Buddhist monks in search of solitude. Among the most famous buildings is the Sanbutsudō (三仏堂) or Three Buddha Hall.
 Muller is a restaurant located in Groningen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 1997-2012. GaultMillau did not award any points due to the recent change of course but kept the restaurant in the Guide.Muller was founded in 1991 by Frank Verbeek and Jacques Muller. They hired Jean-Michel Hengge formerly of Les Quatre Saisons to do the cooking.
 Igreja da Madalena is a church in Portugal. It is classified as a National Monument.
 The Newark Metropolitan Airport Buildings are at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark New Jersey. Newark Metropolitan opened in 1928 was the first major airport in the United States. The trio of Art Deco buildings the Administration Building Brewster Hangar and the Medical Building were built in 1934 and dedicated by Amelia Earhart in 1935. They were added to state and federal registers of historic places in 1980.
 The Sparkill Creek Drawbridge is a historic Pratt Pony Truss drawbridge located at Piermont in Rockland County New York. It was built in 1880 by the King Iron Bridge Company of Cleveland Ohio and is a single-leaf movable metal bridge.
 Mar Thoma Shleeha Cathedral is a Syro-Malabar Catholic cathedral located in Bellwood Illinois United States. It is the seat for the St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago. The church was dedicated on July 5 2008. The grotto on the cathedral grounds was dedicated by Mar George Alencherry in October 2011.
 The Galata Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Galata) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Iaşi Romania. Built between 1582 and 1584 by Moldavian Voivode Petru Şchiopul the monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 Ulery Mill is a historic building in Marianna Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Skinner Tavern also known as Skinner's Inn Halfway Hotel Western Inn and Geyer Hotel is a historic inn and tavern located at Letterkenny Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The original section was built between 1788 and 1794 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone building in the Georgian-style. A 2 1/2-story brick addition was built between 1837 and 1850. The sections are unified by a gable roof. The building measures 70 feet 6 inches deep and 27 feet 6 inches wide.
 The InterContinental Amstel Amsterdam Hotel or Amstel Hotel is a five-star hotel in Amsterdam the Netherlands on the east bank of the river Amstel.In 2007 it was the only hotel in the Netherlands on the list of World's Best Hotels. It was ranked in 90th place.The Amstel Hotel is part of the InterContinental Hotels chain. In 2006 the building was sold to Morgan Stanley.
 The Alberta Central Railway Museum is a railway museum located south-east of the City of Wetaskiwin in Central Alberta Canada. The main building was designed as a scaled-down version of the City's 1907 Canadian Pacific Railway depot. The depot includes a waiting room baggage room and telegraph office as well as exhibits and railroad artifacts. Railroad equipment includes locomotives a sleeper car passenger coach freight equipment cabooses freight cars and a snowplough.
 The Woolworth Building at 233 Broadway Manhattan New York City designed by architect Cass Gilbert and completed in 1913 is an early US skyscraper. The original site for the building was purchased by F. W. Woolworth and his real estate agent Edward J. Hogan by April 15 1910 from the Trenor Luther Park Estate and other owners for $1.65 million. By January 18 1911 Woolworth and Hogan had acquired the final site for the project totaling $4.5 million.
 The Frank Mason Raymond House (Franklin Park Civic Center locally known as the Tudor House) is a Tudor Revival house located in the Portage Lakes area of New Franklin Ohio.The 20-room 2½ story brick and stucco mansion sits on 5.8 acres (2.3 ha) adjacent to Portage Lakes State Park and has 335 feet (102 m) of frontage on the west shore of Turkeyfoot Lake.It is a distinctive example of the Tudor Revival style of architecture with its arched doorways carved wood staircase prominent Tudor arch fireplace with oak paneling and exposed beams in the living room.The exterior also reflects Tudor design in its gabled front entry with stone trim massive stone and brick chimneys slate roof with prominent cross gables and copper gutters. 
 Mill Hill Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial. It is located close to the town of Deal in Kent South-East England. Belonging to the Middle Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.Mill Hill was an inhumation-only cemetery with no evidence of cremation.
 Harrods Creek Baptist Church and Rev. William Kellar House is a historic church in Crestwood Kentucky.It was built in 1807 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Robert A. Welch Hall (abbreviated WEL) is a building located on the University of Texas at Austin campus.
 Market Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. The district includes 27 contributing buildings dated from 1820 to 1900. The district encompasses the extant 19th century commercial core of the village.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Herz-Jesu-Kirche (English: Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus) is the largest church in Graz Austria. It was designed down to the last detail by architect Georg Hauberrisser and constructed from 1881 to 1887.The church was designed in the Neogothic style with a large high nave and under-church. The tower is 109.6 meters tall making it the third-highest church tower in Austria.
 West 147th-149th Streets Historic District is a national historic district in Harlem New York New York. It consists of 60 contributing buildings; 58 tenements one school and one stable built between 1894 and 1905. With the exception of the stable all of the buildings are five or six stories tall all with brick facades. Most have some form of terra cotta ornament and all have pressed metal cornices.
 The J. Bruce Hain House is a historic house in Sardis Alabama. The Classical Revival style structure was completed in 1913 for J. Bruce Hain on his working plantation. The house contains roughly 8000 square feet (740 m2) spread over two floors. The interior is divided on a central hall plan. The front exterior is adorned with a monumental two-story Corinthian portico with a full-width second floor balcony.
 The New Brunswick Legislative Building is the home to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and is located in Fredericton New Brunswick. Opened in 1882 the Second Empire style structure was designed by J.C.
 Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum is the largest tennis museum in the world. The museum was inaugurated at The Championships centenary event in 1977. On the 12 April 2006 HRH The Duke of Kent declared the brand new Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum open to the public inside the grounds of the All England Lawn Tennis Club. This museum has exhibits and artefacts dating back to 1555 as well as touch screen computer consoles for visitors to interact with.
 The Westover Air Force Base Hospital is a former hospital at Westover Air Force Base. With the closure of the base in 1974 the hospital closed. The buildings were torn down in the early 1990s.
 Little Haywood Abbey was an abbey in Staffordshire England.
 The Royal Oak is a family-run public house on the northern outskirts of Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is in the historic Hereford Road neighbourhood. Proprietors of The Royal Oak during the course of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries included William Sheriff George Bird Elijah Symonds George Parry and John Holder. Public houses first appeared in Wales three centuries ago and historically served as the social centres of British towns.
 Bodorgan Hall is a country house and estate located in the hamlet of Bodorgan Anglesey Wales situated near the Irish Sea in the southwestern part of the island. The hall is the seat of the Meyricks and is the largest estate on Anglesey.
 W.G. Brown Building/Astro Hill Complex is a four building structure in Iqaluit Nunavut and the largest and among the tallest buildings in the capital city with a floor count of 8.The building houses mixed commercial government and residential uses. The commercial properties include 12000 square feet of retail space. Prominent tenants include CBC North the Frobisher Inn and the Astro Theater to name a few. The W.G.
 The Oman Natural History Museum is a natural history museum located at the Ministry of Heritage and Culture complex Al Khuwair opposite the Zawawi Mosque in Muscat Oman. The museum opened on 20 December 1985 and has detailed coverage of Oman's flora and fauna with displays on indigenous mammals insects and birds and botanical gardens.
 Wilson School also known as West Augusta Historical Society Museum is a historic school building located at Mannington Marion County West Virginia. It was built in 1912 and is a two story rectangular brick building with a raised basement. The symmetrical building has a flat roof and crenellated parapet with Collegiate Gothic detailing. The school closed in 1979 and is now occupied by the West Augusta Historical Society Museum.
 Saint Andrew (Agios Andreas Άγιος Ανδρέας in Greek) is a Greek Orthodox basilica in the east side of the city of Patras in Greece. Along with the old church of St. Andrew (which lies in a close distance) it constitutes a place of pilgrimage for Christians from all over the world.It is dedicated to the First-called Apostle of Christ Saint Andrew.
 The American Brewery is an historic former brewery located at 1701 North Gay Street in Baltimore Maryland United States. Formerly abandoned and left to decay has been recently renovated and beautified. It is currently the headquarters of Humanim Inc.
 The Taiwan Salt Museum (Chinese: 臺灣鹽博物館; pinyin: Táiwān Yán Bówùguǎn) is a museum about salt in Qigu District Tainan Taiwan.
 Star Lite Motel is a historic motel in Dilworth Minnesota. It is one of the oldest buildings in Dilworth and it is the oldest motel in Clay County. Earlier it was known as Charley's Motel. A previous owner created the neon sign that is regarded as the motel's most noteworthy feature.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Tusa) is a church in Tusa Romania built in the 18th century in Tusa.
 West Almond Churches is a set of two historic church buildings in West Almond Allegany County New York. They are now known as: West Almond Community Center (formerly West Almond Baptist Church) and West Almond Town Hall (formerly West Almond Methodist Episcopal Church). Both structures were built in 1861 in the Greek Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The H. M. Van Deusen Whip Company is a historic factory building at 42 Arnold Street in Westfield Massachusetts. The 1917 3.5 story brick structure was the last of Westfield's major whip factories to be built. Henry Martin Van Deusen began making whips in 1872 in Southfield and moved to Westfield in 1880. He partnered with John Pomeroy in the whipmaking business until 1902 when he acquired Pomeroy's shares in the business.
 The Naval Museum of Halifax (Admiralty House) is a Canadian Forces museum and National Historic Site of Canada located in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada which collects preserves and displays the artifacts and history of the Royal Canadian Navy. From 1974 to 2013 it was named the Maritime Command Museum.The museum is located in the historic Admiralty House within CFB Halifax and is open to the public year-round.
 Oregon State Correctional Institution (OSCI) is a 33-acre (130000 m2) medium security prison located in Salem Oregon United States and is operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections. Established by an act of the Oregon State Legislature in 1955 the prison opened in 1959 and has a capacity of 880 male inmates.OSCI typically houses younger inmates including those who began their sentence in a youth facility.
 St. Andrew's Evangelical Lutheran Church Complex also known as Deliverance Temple of God & Christ is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York.
 The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (former Pijpenkabinet) is a museum in Amsterdam the Netherlands holding a unique collection of smoking pipes and related paraphernalia ('tobacology').
 Bonkyll Castle (also variously spelled Bonkyl Boncle Buncle Bunkle or Bonkill) was a medieval fortress situated in the eastern Scottish Borders of which little remains. The site is protected as a scheduled monument.
 Hitra church (Norwegian: Hitra kirke) is a main parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Melandsjøen on the northern coast of the island of Hitra.The church was built in 1927 to replace the medieval Dolm church which had burned down in 1920. The new church was built in Melandsjøen to make it more accessible to the people since it was going to be the main church for the parish.
 Limerick is a neighborhood one mile south of downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. It was developed in the 1860s as a place of residence for employees of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad freight yard. It was named because nearly all of the residents were from the Irish county of Limerick. The St. Louis Bertrand Catholic Church was the centerpiece of the newly founded neighborhood.
 Jacob Leiby Farm is a historic farm complex Pennsylvania Bluestone quarry and national historic district located in Perry Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has six contributing buildings two contributing sites and three contributing structures. All of the buildings are constructed of Pennsylvania Bluestone.
 The Westfield Heritage Centre is home to the Westfield Heritage Village. The village contains over 30 historic buildings on a 3.4 square kilometres (840 acres) site. The village is located just west of Rockton Ontario Canada.
 First Presbyterian Church of Hector is a historic Presbyterian church located at Hector in Schuyler County New York. It was built in 1818 and is a large rectangular Federal era frame building distinguished by a variety of Georgian inspired design and decorative features in the New England tradition of meeting house architecture.
 The George Gustav Heye Center is a branch of the National Museum of the American Indian in New York City. The museum is part of the Smithsonian Institution. The Center features contemporary and historical exhibits of art and artifacts by and about Native Americans.
 Tracewell House also known as Maple Shadows and Tracewell Manor is a historic home located near Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built about 1835 and is a two-story single pile painted brick I house in the Greek Revival style. It has a slate covered gable roof and a two-story rear ell.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Wharton Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Wharton Township Fayette County Pennsylvania a suburb of Pittsburgh. It was built in 1837 and is a stone structure measuring 33 feet wide 31 feet deep and 31 feet high. It was built as a blast furnace placed in blast in 1839 and went out of blast by 1850. It was built by Congressman Andrew Stewart (1791-1872).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Doernbecher Children's Hospital is a children's hospital located in Portland Oregon and associated with Oregon Health & Science University. Established in 1926 it is the first full-service children's hospital in the Pacific Northwest and provides full-spectrum pediatric care.
 St Clement Eastcheap is a Church of England parish church in Candlewick Ward of the City of London. It is located on Clement's Lane off King William Street and close to London Bridge and the River Thames.Clement was a disciple of St Peter the Apostle and was ordained as Bishop of Rome in the year 93 AD. By legend Clement was martyred by being tied to an anchor and thrown into the Black Sea which led to his adoption as a patron saint of sailors.
 Siam Center (Thai: สยามเซนเตอร์) is a shopping center in Bangkok Thailand. It was opened in 1973 and includes a wide range of concept shops. It is also a centre for digital multimedia innovations where the latest in the world’s technology are brought together to complement the design interior decoration and functionality of Siam Center. Siam Center offers visitors the opportunity to get an experience of cutting-edge technology.
 The Swiss Tech Convention Center (French: Centre de conférences de l'École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne) is a conference centre at the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) Switzerland.The biggest auditorium has a capacity of 3000 seats. The centre is located directly at the EPFL station of the Lausanne Metro Line 1.
 HMP Shotts is a prison near Shotts Scotland. It is a prison holding male prisoners with maximum security classification. Shotts exclusively holds prisoners serving a term of 4 years or longer with some prisoners being transferred from other prisons due to a need for a more secure environment. The prison was opened in 1978 with a design capacity of 528 inmates; Upon its last inspection by HM Inspectorate of Prisons in February 2007 Shotts held a total of 512 prisoners.
 The South Dakota Air and Space Museum part of the museum system of the National Museum of the US Air Force is located in Box Elder South Dakota just outside the main gate of Ellsworth AFB. The South Dakota Air and Space Museum serves to educate and entertain the public. Not only does it give information about the history of US Air Force aviation it promotes South Dakota aviation history.During the summer months visitors can take a base bus tour for a nominal fee.
 The Nathan Fisher House is a historic house at 34 West Main Street in Westborough Massachusetts. The wood frame Federal style house was built c. 1820 by Nathan Fisher who had married into the locally prominint Lothrop family. Fisher operated a store which fell into decline after the area was bypassed by the railroad.
 The New Walk Museum and Art Gallery is a museum on New Walk in Leicester England not far from the city centre. The original building was designed by Joseph Hansom designer of the hansom cab.
 The Snider Bridge near Corning Iowa was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Chattri is a war memorial in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is situated in a serene position 500 feet (150 m) above the city on the South Downs above the suburb of Patcham and is accessible only by bridleway. It stands on the site where a number of Indian soldiers who fought for the British Empire were cremated during the First World War. The structure has Grade II listed status reflecting its architectural and historic importance.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at 292 E. Market Street in Akron Ohio.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Mid-American Energy Building is a high-rise office building located in the downtown Davenport Iowa. The building was designed by Shive-Hattery Engineers & Architects and built by Iowa-Illinois Gas and Electric Company in 1995. It is a 9-story office building that stands on top of a six story parking ramp. The building stands 220 feet (67 m) and is the second tallest building in the city after the Wells Fargo Bank Building.
 Wilhering Abbey (German: Stift Wilhering) is a Cistercian monastery in Wilhering in Upper Austria about 8 km (5 mi) from Linz. The buildings re-constructed in the 18th century are known for their spectacular Rococo decoration.
 Jack Ranch Cafe is a cafe and restaurant in Cholame California on Highway 46 close to highways 41 and 46 junction. There is a James Dean memorial monument in front of the cafe.
 The Church of the Redeemer is an Anglican church in Toronto Canada. The small church is prominently located at the intersection of Bloor Street and Avenue Road near the University of Toronto. It was founded in 1871 when the area was still on the fringe of the city. The Gothic Revival style building opened on June 15 1879.As with many other downtown churches the Church of the Redeemer suffered from falling attendance in the late twentieth century.
 The Royal Festival Hall is a 2500-seat concert dance and talks venue within Southbank Centre in London. It is situated on the South Bank of the River Thames not far from Hungerford Bridge. It is a Grade I listed building the first post-war building to become so protected (in 1981).
 Atrium on Bay is a retail and office complex in Toronto Canada. It was built on the former site of the Ford Hotel on the north side of Dundas Street West extending from Yonge Street to Bay Street. The 14-floor building was built in 1981 with two floors of retail stores.
 The Lucas County Courthouse in Chariton Iowa United States was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Rush House also known as Sebastian Rush Hotel and Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Wharton Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1837 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay brick and stone building with a center hall floor plan. It has a rear ell. The South and East sides of the building are built of brick and the North and West sides of fieldstone. It was built by Congressman Andrew Stewart (1791-1872).
 The Welsh House also known as Welsh Residence in Syracuse New York was built in 1912. It was listed along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Rugby Grange near Fletcher North Carolina was built in 1860 in Italianate architecture. The property includes agricultural outbuildings agricultural fields and secondary structure a total of 12 contributing buildings and one other contributing site. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Sunway Carnival Mall is a shopping mall located at the center of the Seberang Jaya area in Penang Malaysia.The 800000-square-foot (74000 m2) four story mall opened in June 2007. It is located beside the Sunway Hotel within the town center of Seberang Jaya a township initiated by the Government to boost the administrative residential industrial and commercial sector of Malaysia's northern region.
 The Masonic Hall of Hiram Masonic Lodge No. 7 is a historic Gothic revival building in Franklin Tennessee. Constructed in 1823 it is the oldest public building in Franklin. It houses Hiram Lodge No. 7 founded in 1809 and is the oldest Masonic Hall in continuous use in Tennessee. The building was the location of the negotiation and signing of the Treaty of Franklin in 1830 in which the Chickasaw Indians sold their lands before being moved west to today's Oklahoma.
 The Sindoni Tower (also known as Filippo Sindoni Tower) is a skyscraper located in the Venezuelan city of Maracay. It is the highest in the city. It has an estimated height of 125 meters and about 32 floors making it the eighth tallest building in Venezuela as well as being one of the newest buildings in height. It is one of the landmarks of the city designed in a modern architectural style with the use of glass brick and reinforced concrete. It was opened in 1999.
 Country Club Hill Historic District is a national historic district located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. The district includes 51 contributing buildings in a residential area of South Bluefield. The buildings are primarily large single family residences with generous front and rear yards. The properties were mostly developed prior to 1940 and are representative of popular architectural styles including Colonial Revival Classical Revival and Bungalow styles.
 St Nicholas Hospital is an NHS psychiatric hospital located in Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne England UK. The entrance is located on Jubilee Road. The buildings range from Victorian-era to modern facilities and occupies 12 hectares of land.
 Blaine County Courthouse in Watonga Oklahoma was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Albert E. Thornton House at 105 W. Paces Ferry Rd. Atlanta Georgia was built in 1938. It was designed by architect Philip T. Shutze in Regency Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 White Sands V-2 Launching Site (Launch Complex 33 originally Army Launch Area Number 1)[1] is the White Sands Missile Range site closely associated with U.S. testing of the German V-2 rocket... The V-2 Gantry Crane and Army Blockhouse here represent the first [sic] generation of rocket testing facilities that would lead to U.S. exploration of space (cf. the 1937 Test Stand VII at Germany's Peenemünde Army Research Center 1931 Kummersdorf test range facilities).
 Porsgrunn City Hall is the seat of government for Porsgrunn city and municipality in Telemark Norway. The current city hall was constructed in 1905 after the original building was destroyed in a fire. The building is situated at the intersection of Storgata and Rådhusgata in eastern Porsgrunn.
 Western Maryland Railway Station is a historic railway station in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It was built in 1913 as a stop for the Western Maryland Railway (WM). The building was operated as a passenger station until the WM ended service in 1959 and it continued to be used by the railway until 1976. It was subsequently restored and currently serves as a museum and offices as well as the operating base for a heritage railway.
 Seaman Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Dix Hills in Suffolk County New York. The main dwelling was built about 1805 and is a 1 1⁄2-story shingled dwelling with a saltbox profile. It has a five-bay center entrance main facade. Also on the property are two barns a corncrib three sheds and a well structure.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Buddharama Temple is a Buddhist temple currently under construction near Fredrika in Åsele Municipality Sweden. It is scheduled to become the largest Buddhist temple in Europe. Originally intended to be funded by the government of Thailand. It will be a Thai-style temple with monks from Thailand residing in a monastery adjacent to the temple. The temple will cater to the spiritual needs of the prominent Thai community in Scandinavia as well as other Buddhists in Northern Europe.
 The Church of Saint Stephen is an historic Roman Catholic church located at 2211 Clinton Avenue South in the Whittier neighborhood of Minneapolis in the U.S. state of Minnesota. This neighborhood is where entrepreneurs and businessmen built their mansions in the modern-day Washburn-Fair Oaks Mansion District. The building was built with sandstone brick concrete and copper in 1889-1891.It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Tsuen Wan Plaza (Chinese: 荃灣廣場) is a private housing estate and shopping mall in Tsuen Wan New Territories Hong Kong located near the MTR Tsuen Wan West Station Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier Nina Tower Skyline Plaza Citywalk and Citywalk 2. It is one of the largest shopping malls in the district. Built on the reclaimed land of the old Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier it was developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties in 1992.
 St. Anne's Church (Polish: Kościół św. Anny) is a church in the historic center of Warsaw Poland adjacent to the Castle Square at Krakowskie Przedmieście 68. It is one of Poland's most notable churches with a Neoclassical facade. The church ranks among Warsaw's oldest buildings. Over time it has seen many reconstructions resulting in its present-day appearance unchanged since 1788. Currently it is the main church parish of the academic community in Warsaw.
 The Albany or simply Albany — since the mid-20th century some sources have claimed that the definite article is not in use among the fashionable — is an apartment complex in Piccadilly London.
 The Swaminarayan Museum is a museum in the Indian city of Ahmedabad. It houses five thousand personal items of Swaminarayan who is believed to be a manifestation of god in Swaminarayan Hinduism.
 Winthrop Street Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at 39 Winthrop Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The Late Gothic Revival church was built in 1862 and was the second Baptist church built on the site. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The tower originally contained a tall spire that has since been removed and replaced with a short pyramid.
 Meldal Church (Norwegian: Meldal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Meldal and it is part of the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The church was originally built in 1651 by the architect Ole Jonsen Hindrum. On 16 June 1981 the old church burned to the ground. It was decided to rebuild the church using the same design from 1651 rather than building a more modern building.
 The Grand Theatre in Douglas Arizona designed by Eugene Durfee opened in 1919. Ginger Rogers Pavlova and John Philip Sousa to mention just a few performed on stage at the Grand Theatre. Originally it also housed a Tea Room a candy store and a barbershop.
 Alexander Willis House is a historic home located at Coeymans in Albany County New York. It was built about 1852 and is a two story frame dwelling in a transitional Greek Revival / Gothic Revival style. The rear elevation has a large two story wing with enclosed porch. It features broad eaves supported by ornate brackets and broad paneled corner boards. The steep gable roof has a central dormer with smaller flanking dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Museum of King John III's Palace at Wilanów (Polish: Muzeum Pałacu Króla Jana III w Wilanowie) is a museum in Warsaw Poland considered to be one of the oldest in the country and the repository of the country's royal and artistic heritage.
 A new fourth City Hall in Copenhagen Denmark was built between Gammeltorv and Nytorv in 1728 on the foundations of its predecessor which had been destroyed in the first Great Fire of Copenhagen earlier that same year. In 1795 it was itself destroyed in the second Great Fire of Copenhagen and later replaced by the new combined city hall and courthouse at Nytorv which was completed in 1815.
 The Hearst Tower in Charlotte North Carolina is a 47-story skyscraper along North Tryon Street that rises 201 meters (659 ft) in height. It opened on 14 November 2002 and is the 4th-tallest building in Charlotte. The 32-story tower rests atop a 15-floor podium. Located within the podium is a three-story 17000-square-metre (180000 sq ft) trading floor designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and operated by Bank of America.
 The Marine Museum at Fall River in Fall River Massachusetts is a historical and nautical museum with memorabilia artifacts and ship models of the Fall River Line and RMS Titanic. The museum houses a diverse collection which includes more than 150 scale models 30000 photographs videos uniforms audio recordings and more.
 Bel Air Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Mobile Alabama United States. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1345000 square feet (125000 m²). It is the oldest continuously operating enclosed super-regional mall in Alabama and serves as one of the primary retail venues for the west Mobile shopping district located at the vicinity of Airport Boulevard (Mobile County Highway 56) and Interstate 65.
 Jefferson Landing State Historic Site in Jefferson City Missouri is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. The site includes the Jefferson City Amtrak station(formerly the Union Hotel) the Lohman's Landing Building(also known as the Jefferson Landing Building) and Christopher Maus House. The Jefferson Landing Building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1969.
 Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane (originally called The Municipal Gallery of Modern Art) is an art gallery funded by Dublin City Council and located in Charlemont House in Dublin Ireland. Charlemont House was originally the town house of James Caulfeild the 1st Earl of Charlemont and was designed by Sir William Chambers.Previously called the Municipal Gallery of Modern Art it has been renamed the Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane but is still often simply known as The Hugh Lane.
 Calla's is a restaurant in The Hague in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2002–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Calla's is Marcel van der Kleijn.The restaurant is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 Fire station 19 is Atlanta's oldest operating fire station. It is located at 1063 N. Highland Ave. in the heart of the Virginia Highland neighborhood of Atlanta. It was built in 1924 in the bungalow style prevalent in Virginia Highland and is considered a neighborhood landmark.The fire station provides a number of additional community services such as a car-seat installations and safety checks blood-pressure monitoring safe shelter for women in need and a monthly storytime for children.
 Bartnes Church (Norwegian: Bartnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Bartnes. The church is part of the Beitstad parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The brick church was constructed in 1960 and seats about 100 people. The church was consecrated on 31 July 1960 by the bishop Arne Fjellbu.
 The Dales Country House Hotel is a grade II listed building which is in the English coastal village of Upper Sheringham in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom. The hotel is also an AA 4-star hotel. The hotel also has 2 AA Rosettes for Food.
 All Saints’ Church Cotgrave is a Grade I listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Cotgrave.
 Kuluva Hospital is a private non-profit community hospital in Uganda.
 The Royal Hospital for Sick Children is an NHS Scotland hospital in Yorkhill Glasgow specialising in paediatric healthcare. It is commonly referred to simply as Yorkhill or Sick Kids. The hospital provides care for newborn babies right up to children around 13 years of age including a specialist Accident and Emergency facility and the only Donor Milk Banking facility in Scotland.
 The St. Francis of Assisi Parish Church commonly known as the General Trias Church is the first Catholic parish church of the municipality of General Trias in Cavite province in the Philippines. Typical of towns established during the Spanish colonial period the church is located at the plaza (town square) of General Trias which was formerly called San Francisco de Malabon in honor of its patron saint Saint Francis of Assisi.
 The Wick Building is a high rise structure and second tallest building in Youngstown Ohio. Constructed by D. H. Burnham & Company in 1910 the structure contains 13 floors and rises to a height of 184 feet. It is a classic example of Chicago School architecture and contains a row of arches at the crown.
 The RSA Battle House Tower is located in Mobile Alabama and is Alabama's tallest building. The building is owned by the Retirement Systems of Alabama (RSA). It is the tallest on the Gulf Coast of the United States outside of Houston. It replaces the Wells Fargo Tower in Birmingham as the tallest building in Alabama and the RSA–BankTrust Building as the tallest in Mobile. The building is named for the neighboring Battle House Hotel which is now part of the tower complex.
 The Western Isles Hospital (Scottish Gaelic: Ospadal nan Eilean Siar) is a rural general hospital in Stornoway on Lewis in the Western Isles of Scotland. It is run by NHS Western Isles the local health board. The hospital has 212 beds across a range of specialities including general medicine geriatrics paediatrics general surgery orthopaedics obstetrics and gynaecology and psychiatry.
 First Universalist Church of Sharpsville is a historic Universalist church located at 131 N. Mercer Avenue in Sharpsville Mercer County Pennsylvania United States. The church was built between 1882 and 1884 and is a richly decorated brick and stone church building in a High Victorian Gothic style. It measures 52 feet by 42 feet and the interior takes the Akron plan.
 The Casa de Tucumán (meaning House of Tucumán in Spanish officially Casa Histórica de la Independencia) is a historic building and museum located in San Miguel de Tucumán Argentina built during the colonial times. The Congress of Tucumán worked in this house during the Argentine War of Independence and issued the Argentine Declaration of Independence on July 9 1816. It was nationalized decades later and partially demolished for its poor condition.
 The Estabrook Octagon House built in 1853 by Ezra Robinson Estabrook is a historic octagonal house located at 8 River Street (NY 22) in Hoosick Falls New York. It was constructed in strict accordance with the theories of Orson Squire Fowler author of A Home for All.It is preserved intact and is one of the few remaining octagon houses that was built exactly as Fowler advocated.
 The Loren L. Chadwick Cottages are two cottages in Minneapolis Minnesota United States in the Linden Hills neighborhood situated roughly south of Lake Calhoun and northwest of Lake Harriet. This area of Minneapolis was platted in 1882-83 as Cottage City by a local real estate developer Louis Menage. He platted small lots of 25 feet (7.6 m) wide as opposed to the normal lot width of 40 feet (12 m) in an effort to attract people who wanted to build summer lake cottages.Loren L.
 The Stephen Winsor House is a historic house at 93 Austin Avenue in Smithfield Rhode Island United States.Stephen Winsor built the house in the mid-nineteenth century in an Italian villa design. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The George M. Bradley House now known as Saint Martin Hall is a historic house on the upper campus of Providence College.The house was built in 1850 by Thomas Tefft in an Italian Villa style. In 1926 the house and properties were purchased by Providence College. The house was given a wood-framed dormitory addition to its rear becoming Guzman Hall the college's first on-campus dormitory.
 King and Prince Hotel is a hotel located on St. Simons Island in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 The National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery (informally the NHNN The National or Queen Square) is a neurological hospital in London United Kingdom and part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. It was the first hospital to be established in England dedicated exclusively to treating the diseases of the nervous system.
 Sarat Chandra Kuthi (Bengali: শরত্চন্দ্র কুঠী) was the house of Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay and is located in Samtaber (Samta)  Howrah in the Indian state of West Bengal. Sarat Chandra was born into poverty in Debanandapur Hooghly West Bengal in India but he spent the early years of his lifetime as a novelist in this house. His house in Samta is known as Sarat Chandra Kuthi in the locality.
 The Salvador Dali Museum in St. Petersburg Florida United States houses the largest collection outside Europe of the works of the artist Salvador Dalí and is located on the Downtown St. Petersburg waterfront by 5th Avenue Southeast Bay Shore Drive and Dan Wheldon Way. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places as the Dali Museum.
 Santa Maria del Carmine is a church in Pisa Italy.The church was originally built for the Carmelite order in 1324-1328. By 1425 it was decorated with a famed now dispersed polyptich by Masaccio . Only one table of the altar remains in Pisa in the National Museum of San Matteo. The church itself underwent many reconstructions across the centuries. The present simple façade was designed by Alessandro Gherardesca in the 1830s.
 The David Sprague House is an historic house at 7 Harvard Avenue at the corner of Taylor Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The house was originally located at 263 Public Street and moved to 7 Harvard Street by the Harvard-Dartmouth-Comstock Streets Project before or around 2010. Google Street View shows it as being at 7 Harvard Avenue at the corner of Taylor Street image dated 2007.
 Sunnyside Farm is a historic home and farm located near Hamilton Loudoun County Virginia. The original section of the house was built about 1815 and is a two-story three-bay vernacular Federal style dwelling. There are several frame additions built from c.1855-60 up through the 20th century. Also on the property are the contributing brick barn with diamond-patterned ventilation holes (ca 1813) two-story springhouse (c. 1813) a wide loafing shed a large corncrib and two-car garage (c.
 All Saints Church is the parish church in Wraxall Somerset England. It has been dedicated to all the Saints. The building is surrounded by an extensive cemetery.The present building was raised in the 14th century with tower clock and bells being added in later centuries. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.Parish registers survive from 1562 and include examples of the baptism of black slaves.
 The Pyramids are three pyramid-shaped office buildings that are part of a 200-acre (810000 m2) commercial development in College Park Indianapolis Indiana USA. The structures occupy 45 acres (180000 m2) of land situated next to a 25-acre (100000 m2) lake. They were constructed between 1967 and 1972 by the College Life Insurance Company using a design by famed architect Kevin Roche.
 Martin Schultz House is a historic home located at Hallam York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1736 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular blue limestone early Germanic dwelling built into a hillside. It measures 30 feet by 50 feet and has a steeply pitched roof with gable dormers. It was restored between 1956 and 1960.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Sprague House is a historic house at 59 Endicott Street in Danvers Massachusetts. The well preserved 2.5 story wood frame Federal style house was built in 1810 for Joseph Sprague Jr. son of a wealthy Salem merchant who was also involved in the family business. The house's main Federal feature is its central doorway which features a semicircular fanlight window and a pedimented overhang supported by pilasters.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Lynden Sculpture Garden (formerly the Bradley Sculpture Garden) is a 40-acre outdoor sculpture park located at 2145 West Brown Deer Road in Milwaukee Wisconsin in Milwaukee County. Formerly the estate of Harry Lynde Bradley and Margaret (Peg ) Blakney Bradley Lynden is home to the collection of more than 50 monumental sculptures collected by Margaret Bradley between 1962 and 1978.
 The Belair Stable Museum is located at 2835 Belair Drive in Bowie Maryland. It is operated by the City of Bowie Maryland. The building once housed the Belair Stud Farm until 1957 when the Woodward family sold the Belair Estate to Levitt & Sons for the construction of Belair at Bowie.This U-shaped sandstone equine stable was built in 1907 for James T. Woodward then owner of the Belair Mansion.
 A new third City Hall in Copenhagen Denmark was built at Gammeltorv in 1479. Rebuilt by King Christian IV into the Renaissance style in 1610 it was in use until 1728 when it was destroyed in the first Great Fire of Copenhagen. It was replaced by a new city hall which was built on its foundations the same year.
 The Saigon Trade Center is a high-rise building in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. It was constructed from April 1994 and completed in July 1997 and with a height of 145 metres (476 ft) it was the tallest building in Vietnam from 1997 until 2010 when it was surpassed by the Bitexco Financial Tower. The building has 33 floors with a total floor area of over 54000 square meters. There are 10 elevators used for customers 2 elevators used for service purpose only.
 The Christine Becker House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The U.S. Post Office-Lenox Hill Station is located at 221 East 70th Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Lenox Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It is a brick building constructed in 1935 and designed by Eric Kebbon in the Colonial Revival style and is considered one of the finest post offices in that style in New York State. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 along with many other post offices in the state.
 Marshall's Hotel subsequently known as the Firehole Hotel was the first public accommodations built in the Firehole River geyser basins of Yellowstone National Park and among the earliest tourist hotels in Yellowstone. The first hotel was built in 1880 by George W. Marshall (1846–1917) and his partner John B. Goff and was located just west of confluence of the Firehole River and Nez Perce Creek.
 Spencer Carriage House and Stable is an historic structure located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 The Pratt Homestead Historic Site is a privately owned home located in Spencertown New York along SR 203. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. Its historic significance is attributed to the degree of attention given to its restoration. It was built around 1760 by a family of Spencertown known to have been among the founding members of this community. It served many purposes among them being agricultural live stock management as well as a primary residence.
 The Cathedral of St. Francis de Sales is a Catholic cathedral located in Houma Louisiana United States. Along with St. Joseph Co-Cathedral in Thibodaux it is the seat of the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux.
 The North Wales Regional Hospital Wrexham Maelor is the main NHS hospital for the North Wales region and the largest hospital in the UK housed in a town rather than a city with 981 beds. It is also the second largest hospital in Wales and was formally housed the North East Wales NHS trust before the merger of all the trusts in North Wales in 2010.As of September 2012 Wrexham Maelor Hospital had a catchment area of over half a million residents.
 St. Elizabeth's Catholic Church is a historic church at the northeast corner of Sycamore and Mason Streets in DeValls Bluff Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 The Memorial Chapel at the University of Glasgow Scotland was consecrated on 4 October 1929 and is dedicated to the memory of the former students and staff of the University who lost their lives in the First and Second World Wars. It is located in the West Quadrangle of the Main Building of the University and was designed by Sir John Burnet. The chapel is protected as a category A listed building.
 LA Central II Tower is one of the LA Central Towers in Los Angeles. The status is approved but the completion date is unknown.[citation needed]
 Captain Daniel Bradford House is an historic house at 251 Harrison Street in Duxbury Massachusetts.The house was built in 1808 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Theodore Jansen House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Legacy Emanuel Medical Center is a medical facility located in Portland Oregon United States. Founded in 1912 it is a part of Legacy Health. The facility is home to the Legacy Oregon Burn Center Randall Children's Hospital the Life Flight Network (MEDEVAC) and is a Level I trauma center. The 554-bed facility provides a full range of services including conventional surgery radiation treatment high risk patient care and others.
 Brazeau Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church located in Brazeau Missouri.
 Seneca Presbyterian Church also known as the Number Nine Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Stanley in Ontario County New York. The original section of the church was constructed in 1838. It was widened in 1863 and the bell tower and front vestibule added about 1873. The church took its final form in 1889 with additional changes to the vestibule and interior decoration.
 The House at 54 E. 53rd Terrace in Kansas City Missouri is a residence built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architecture.It was designed by architect Mary Rockwell Hook. The work included an interior mural by her sister Bertha.
 The O. C. Barber Piggery built in 1912 is a historic farm building located at 248 Robinson Avenue on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton Ohio. It was built by American businessman and industrialist Ohio Culumbus Barber the developer of both Barberton which he envisioned as a planned industrial community and the nearby 3500-acre (14 km2) Anna-Dean Farm which he envisioned as a prototype for modern agricultural enterprise.
 For the saint after whom this church is named see Pancras of Rome. For a list of other places named after him see St. Pancras.St Pancras Parish Church sometimes referred to as St Pancras New Church to distinguish it from St Pancras Old Church is a Greek Revival church in London built in 1819-22 to the designs of William and Henry William Inwood.
 The Front Street Block is a series of four connected commercial blocks in the West End of Gloucester Massachusetts USA. They were built in 1831 after a fire had devastated Gloucester's downtown the previous year.69-71 Main Street a three story four wide block with Federalist styling was built for Aaron Day. A hat maker operated on the ground floor and apartments were above.65-67 Main Street a three story four wide block with Federalist styling was built for Samuel Bulkley.
 The Peterborough Unitarian Church at Main and Summer Sts. in Peterborough New Hampshire was built in 1825. It has also been known as First Church in Peterborough. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The B.O. Cutter House is a house in the Marcy-Holmes neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. It was built in 1856 by master carpenter B.O. Cutter who was working on other buildings around the University of Minnesota. He built this house on the outskirts of the campus at the time. The house was built in the Carpenter Gothic style with hand-carved molding around the eaves.
 The Masonic and Town Hall in Port Sanilac Michigan is a building from 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.Currently no Masonic lodge meets in the building
 The Stonebraker and Harbaugh Shafer Building in Middletown Maryland was built circa 1830 with a residential section to the east and a commercial section to the west. The Federal style building incorporates Greek Revival detailing in the interior. It is included in the Middletown Historic District.
 The Virreina Palace (Catalan: Palau de la Virreina; Spanish: Palacio de la Virreina) is a building in the city of Barcelona. Situated on the famous La Rambla avenue today it houses the headquarters of the city council's Culture Institute (Institut de Cultura de l'Ajuntament de Barcelona) and hosts various temporary art exhibitions and cultural events.The palace was built between 1772 and 1778 for Manuel d'Amat i de Junyent who was Viceroy of Peru between 1761 and 1776.
 Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) in New Delhi is a new higher medical training and research institute at Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital New Delhi and is affiliated to Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Delhi.It was extablished in 2009.
 Glens Falls Home for Aged Women is a historic residential building located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a large T shaped 2 1⁄2-story brick institutional building topped by a gambrel roof in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central entrance pavilion with a gambrel-roofed cross gable and a semi-circular entrance portico.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Museum Georg Schäfer is a German art museum in Schweinfurt Bavaria Germany. Based on the private art collection of German industrialist Georg Schäfer (1896–1975) the museum primarily collects 19th-century paintings by artists from German-speaking countries.
 The Col. Monroe M. Shipe House is an historic two-story home in the Hyde Park historic district in Austin Texas. The building was completed by Monroe Shipe founder of Hyde Park in 1892.
 Ali Mall is the very first major shopping mall in the Philippines. It is located at Araneta Center Cubao Quezon City near SM Cubao. The mall was named after World Champion Boxer Muhammad Ali. The mall was built in 1976 making it one of the oldest malls in the country. Recently they relaunched the new Cinemas and Food Court.
 Hurd & Fitzgerald Building also known as the Hurd Sales Company is a historic factory building located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1911 and is a five story rectangular brick building built for a shoe and rubber goods manufacturer.It was a work of Utica architect Frederick H. Gouge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Pine Island Plantation Complex is a historic hunting plantation complex and national historic district located on Pine Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. The district encompasses six contributing buildings and one contributing sites and is an early-20th century hunting plantation. The main house at Pine Island was built about 1904 and is a two-story frame structure built on an existing tabby foundation. The front façade features a full-width two-story porch.
 Old St. Mary's Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati in the United States. It is located at 123 E. Thirteenth Street in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio. This Roman Catholic parish was organized in 1840 by German immigrants. Designed in the Greek Revival style by Franz Ignatz Erd it is the second-oldest German-Catholic parish in the city and the oldest standing church in Cincinnati.
 Oshawa Centre is a two-storey shopping mall located in the City of Oshawa Ontario Canada. It is the largest mall in Ontario east of Toronto. The Oshawa Centre is owned and managed by Ivanhoe Cambridge. The Oshawa Centre has over 230 stores.
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter and Saint Paul Ennis also known as Ennis Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe. It is the cathedra of the Bishop of Killaloe and is located in Ennis County Clare Ireland.
 Susan B. Anthony House in Rochester New York was the home of Susan B. Anthony for forty years while she was a national figure in the women's rights movement.She was arrested in the front parlor after attempting to vote in the 1872 Presidential Election. She resided here until her death.The house was purchased for use as a memorial in 1945 and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965. It has been documented in the Historic American Buildings Survey.The Susan B.
 The Tayyare Apartments (initially Ottoman Turkish: Harikzedegân Apartmanları or later Turkish: Tayyare Apartmanları) are a complex of four buildings completed in 1922 and located in the old city of Istanbul Turkey. The apartments were originally built as public housing for the victims of a great fire converted later into hotel premises.
 The Secession Building (German: Wiener Secessionsgebäude) is an exhibition hall built in 1897 by Joseph Maria Olbrich as an architectural manifesto for the Vienna Secession located in Vienna Austria. Secession refers to the seceding of a group of rebel artists from the long-established fine art institution.
 The Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children (otherwise known as The Children's Hospital at Westmead) is a children's hospital in Sydney Australia. The Hospital was founded in 1880 as The Sydney Hospital for Sick Children. Its name was changed to the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children on 4 January 1904 when King Edward VII granted use of the appellation ‘Royal’ and his consort Queen Alexandra consented to the use of her name.
 Nashipur Rajbari (also known as Nashipur Rajbati) was the palace of the Nashipur Raj Family. The grand palace is situated in Nashipur just adjacent to the palace built by Raja Debi Singha. The current palace was built by Raja Kirti Chandra Singha Bahadur in 1865.
 The Palace of the Kings Bell situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1905 by the Germans for King Auguste Manga Ndumbe (King Bell). The building is also known asLa Pagode; this name comes from the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline who remained in Douala in 1916-17 who calls it such in his famous novel Voyage au bout de la nuit (Journey to the End of the Night).
 The Railroad Exchange Building in Muskogee Oklahoma is one of five skyscraper buildings ranging from five to ten stories tall built in 1910-1912 and included in the Pre-Depression Muskogee Skyscrapers Thematic Resources study. The others are:Baltimore HotelManhattan BuildingSevers Hotel andSurety Building.↑ ↑
 The Union County Courthouse on Court St. in Clayton New Mexico is a historic building built in 1909. It has been described as having World's Fair Classic Style architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The courthouse was one of 14 studied in a 1987 review of historic courthouses in New Mexico.
 Trsat Castle (Croatian: Gradina Trsat) is a castle in Trsat Croatia. It is thought that the castle lies at the exact spot of an ancient Illyrian and Roman fortress. The Croatian noble Vuk Krsto Frankopan is buried in one of the churches. The Trsat castle was completely reconstructed and renovated in the 19th century when the mausoleum of the military commander Laval Nugent was built in its interior.
 The Beaney House of Art and Knowledge is the central museum library and art gallery of the city of Canterbury Kent England. It is housed in a Grade II listed building. Until it closed for refurbishment in 2009 it was known as the Beaney Institute or the Royal Museum and Art Gallery. It reopened under its new name in September 2012. The building museum and art gallery are owned and managed by Canterbury City Council; Kent County Council is the library authority.
 St. John's Parsonage is a historic church parsonage at 633 Pearl Street in Elizabeth Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1696 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Thomas Tyrell House is at 133 Beale Street in Kingman Arizona. The home was built in 1897 and is an indigenous cottage. Mr. Tyrell built this house and lived in there for two years. His main profession was a painter. The property also has a pump house. This is the first house to have indoor plumbing. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places number 86001172.
 Unity Presbyterian Church Complex (also known as Old Unity Cemetery; Unity/Municipal Cemetery; Unity Manse) is a historic church in Fort Mill South Carolina.It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Lydia Plantation also known as the Benjamin Sydney Josey Farm in Lydia South Carolina is a historic plantation and house. The house was designed by Charles Coker Wilson and his firm Wilson Sompayrac & Urquhart. It was built in 1910 and expanded in 1920.A 16.2-acre (6.6 ha) area including the plantation house was listed as a historic district on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It is listed for its architecture and/or engineering.
 Xian heng inn Xian heng tavern or Xian heng hotel is a historic Chinese cuisine restaurant located in Shaoxing Zhejiang province People's Republic of China.
 Johnston-Felton-Hay House often abbreviated Hay House is a historic residence in Macon Georgia. Built between 1855 and 1859 by William Butler Johnston and his wife Anne Tracy Johnston in the Italian Renaissance Revival style the house has been called the Palace of the South. The mansion sits atop Coleman Hill on Georgia Avenue in downtown Macon near the Walter F.
 Southwest General Health Center is a 354-bed hospital located in Middleburg Heights Ohio. It is partnered with University Hospitals of Cleveland. Southwest General Health Center is certified as a Level III Trauma Center and a Primary Stroke Center.
 Stoneywell is the largest of a small group of cottages designed in the Arts and Crafts style by Ernest Gimson in Ulverscroft a dispersed settlement in Charnwood Forest Leicestershire. It was built by Detmar Blow in 1899 for Ernest's brother Sydney Gimson as a summer residence and along with much original furniture it remained in the Gimson family for over a century. As part of a highly influential vernacular movement it has become well known within Arts and Crafts circles.
 The Taylor-Dallin House built in 1899 is a historic house at 69 Oakland Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The house is notable as being the home of sculptor Cyrus E. Dallin (1861-1944).The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.
 Immanuel Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built in 1853 and is a one-story brick building in the Gothic Revival style. Additions made to the original church 1881 1916 and 1967 have given the building a T-plan. Surrounding the church on three sides is the contributing church cemetery.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Eagle Harbor Coast Guard Station Boathouse is a boathouse located at 9282 Marina Road in Eagle Harbor Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The Bali Museum is a museum of art and history located in Denpasar Bali Indonesia.
 The Albert M. and Alice Bellack House is located in Columbus Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Basilica of Saint Clement (Italian: Basilica di San Clemente al Laterano) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica dedicated to Pope Clement I located in Rome Italy.
 The Kahl Building also known as Kahl Education Center is an historic building located in Downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building also includes the Capitol Theatre.
 George Hildreth House is located in Lower Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1999.
 The Dunsmuir House and Gardens (also known by the name The Dunsmuir-Hellman Historic Estate; and previously known as Oakvale Park) is located in Oakland California on a 50-acre (200000 m2) site. The Dunsmuir House has a neoclassical-revival architectural style and is listed in the US National Register of Historic Places. It is now used primarily for weddings receptions business gatherings and historical reenactment events.
 Forest City Baptist Church (First Baptist Church) is a historic Baptist church building at 301 W. Main Street in Forest City North Carolina. It was designed by architect James M. McMichael.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Halifax City Hall is the seat of municipal government in Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.Since municipal amalgamation on 1 April 1996 Halifax City Hall has hosted the regular meetings of the Halifax Regional Council as well as various municipal offices.
 Kuryū Rakusen-en Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Kuryū Rakusen-en is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex-leprosy patients situated at Kusatsu-machi Azuma-gun Gunma Prefecture Japan which started in 1932.
 Åre Old Church (Swedish: Åre gamla kyrka) is a Romanesque church building situated in Åre a parish within the Diocese of Härnösand and a locality in Åre Municipality Jämtland County Sweden. The church was erected in the late 12th century at the Saint Olaf Pilgrim's Route (Swedish: S:t Olofleden) which nowadays goes from Selånger Old Church ruins at Sundsvall over the Scandinavian Mountains to Trondheim Norway.
 The Durham–Jacobs House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Merrill Lock No. 6 is the remnant of a historic lock and dam complex located along the Ohio River at Industry Pennsylvania United States. The remaining buildings which now compose a restaurant are together listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya (Catalan pronunciation: [muˈzɛw nəsiuˈnaɫ ˈdard də kətəˈɫuɲə] English: National Art Museum of Catalonia) abbreviated as MNAC is the national museum of Catalan visual art located in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Situated on Montjuïc hill at the end of Avinguda de la Reina Maria Cristina near Pl Espanya.
 Montana Governor's Residence is located at 2 Carson 46.584509°N 112.012596°W﻿ / 46.584509; -112.012596 Helena Montana. It began operation as the governor's residence in 1959 replacing the old governor’s mansion. The residence is a two-level steel and concrete house located two blocks from the Montana State Capitol building.
 US Post Office-Waterloo is a historic post office building located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It was designed and built in 1924 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James A. Wetmore. It is a symmetrically massed one story brick building executed in the Colonial Revival style.
 Lost Creek Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Depot is a historic railroad depot located at Lost Creek Harrison County West Virginia. It was built in 1892 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and is a one-story Folk Victorian frame building with board-and-batten siding. It measures 44 feet by 18 feet 6 inches. In 1923 it was the largest cattle shipping point east of the Mississippi River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Singer Building is a skyscraper located at 120 S. State St. in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. The ten-story building was designed by Mundie & Jensen and built from 1925 to 1926. The building's Gothic Revival design features terra cotta decorations piers at the corners and sets of three double-hung windows on each story separated by two thin piers.
 Hopewell Presbyterian Church (Church at Camp Hopewell) is a historic Presbyterian church building in Oxford Mississippi.The church was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The 1767 Milestones are historic milestones located along the route of the Upper Boston Post Road between the cities of Boston and Springfield in Massachusetts. The 40 surviving milestones were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Bank of America Building formerly known as the Holman Hotel is a commercial and financial building in Athens Georgia. It is the tallest building in the city with 11 floors. Although it has 10 floors there is an eleventh floor on the top of the building; it is a penthouse and it is used for business meetings.
 Located on the grounds of the Long Island Maritime Museum The Rudolph Oyster House was built circa 1890. It is typical of the many oyster culling houses which once lined the local waterfront providing work for hundreds of predominantly Dutch immigrant local residents. Until 1938 the local oyster industry was the center of a booming economy. Unfortunately a major hurricane on September 21 of that year wiped out the south shore oyster beds.
 Sengskroken Church (Norwegian: Sengskroken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county Norway. It is located on the western coast of the island of Vanna (also known as Vannøya). The church is part of the Karlsøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.The white wooden chapel was built in 1962 and it seats about 225 people. The chapel was consecrated on 2 September 1962 by the Bishop Monrad Norderval.
 Holy Rosary Parish is designated for Polish immigrants in Hadley Massachusetts United States.Founded in 1916 it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.In 1998 Holy Rosary Parish and St. John Parish were merged to become Most Holy Redeemer Parish.
 Foulbridge Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Willis Tower (formerly named and still commonly referred to as Sears Tower) is a 108-story 1451-foot (442 m) skyscraper in Chicago Illinois United States. At the time of its completion in 1973 it was the tallest building in the world surpassing the World Trade Center towers in New York and it held this rank for nearly 25 years. Willis Tower is the second-tallest building in the United States and the eighth-tallest freestanding structure in the world.
 Holloway's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located near The Narrows at upper Brazil Creek in what is now Latimer County Oklahoma. The station was named for William Holloway the stage agent. In 1858 the Choctaw Council granted Holloway the right to construct a turnpike and tollbooth at The Narrows.Holloway's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#72001070) in 1972.
 Tisbury Grange was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 The Links Hotel is a 3 star hotel Hotel built in the Victorian era located in the English seaside village of West Runton in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom.
 Ilpenstein (also Het huis te Ilpendam) was the name of a ruined castle of the Free and high Lordship of Purmerend Purmerland and Ilpendam located in Ilpendam (Waterland) in the north of the city of Amsterdam.
 Fortaleza San Luis is located near the Yaque del Norte River in southwest Santiago de los Caballeros Dominican Republic. The Fort was the location of several battles during the War of Restoration. Fortaleza San Luis has also served as a Municipal Prison and more recently the fort has been converted into a Museum.
 The Masonic Temple Building in Zanesville Ohio is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The William Hayden House is a private residence located at 108 West Pottawatamie Street in the city of Tecumseh in northeast Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986.The house which was built around 1862 is a two-story red brick villa built in Italianate architecture. The house is locally important as the former home of William Hayden.
 The W.E. Barnard House at 950 Joaquin Miller Dr. in Reno Nevada United States was built in 1930. It includes Tudor Revival architecture and within that is best described as a Cotswold Cottage style small house. Its two most dominant architectural features are a beehive chimney and a high-pitched gabled entry with a characteristic Tudor arch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002; the listing included two contributing buildings.
 Trail End also known as the John B. Kendrick Mansion is a historic home located at 400 Clarendon Avenue in Sheridan Wyoming. The home was built and inhabited by Wyoming governor and U.S. Senator John B. Kendrick. Built from 1908 to 1913 the house was designed by William MacAlister and cost $160000.
 The House at Big Hill was completed in 2011 designed by Kerstin Thompson Architects. This project is located on the coast of Lorne Victoria which is near the Great Ocean Road. It addresses the site and also considered a limited material selection as part of its main design concept.
 Mariaville Historic District is a national historic district located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The district includes seven contributing buildings along the northwest shore of Mariaville Lake near the Chuctanunda Creek. It encompasses five residences one church (First Presbyterian Church of Duanesburg) one commercial building (Silas Marsh General Store) and five outbuildings.
 Luzerne County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect Frederick John Osterling (1865 – 1934) and built between 1906 and 1909. It is a cruciform plan building in the Classical Revival style with a central 53 feet in diameter central rotunda. Above the rotunda is a dome. It is built of Ohio sandstone reinforced concrete and terra cotta.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Kaʻahumanu Church is a Church in Wailuku Maui Hawaii. Upon visiting a religious service in Wailuku in 1832 by Jonathan Smith Green Queen Ka'ahumanu requested that a more permanent church structure be named for her but her request was not honored until 1876 when the current structure was built by Reverend Edward Bailey. Sunday services are held in the church with the hymns and invocation invoked in the Hawaiian language.
 The Monastery of Saint Translators (Armenian: Սուրբ Թարգմանչաց վանք Surb Targmanchats Vank Azerbaijani: Quşçu məbədi) is an Armenian monastery founded in the 4th century. It is located north of Daşkəsən in Azerbaijan. Monastery was founded by Saints Mesrop Mashtots and Sahak Partev. In 411 they translated the Bible from Syriac.
 Jayne and Mason Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Webster in Monroe County New York. It is a Beaux Arts style structure built in 1906 to house the Jayne and Mason Bank.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. Joining it on the Register is the home of one of the bank's owners the William C. Jayne House located less than one half mile east.
 Laurel Hill Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Dunbar Pennsylvania. The first Presbyterian church west of the Allegheny Mountains it was founded in 1772. The original church was a simple log structure and was built by Scotch-Irish immigrants.As the congregation grew the church was rebuilt in 1782 1852 and most recently 1898.The church is within the Presbytery of Redstone a Presbytery of the Presbyterian Church U.S.A.
 The Homestead is a historic home located at Waccabuc Westchester County New York. It has five contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The main house known as The Homestead was built between 1820 and 1822 in the Federal style by the locally prominent Mead family. It has a four bay wide main block with a three bay ell. The frame building sits on a cut stone foundation. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn four room cottage tool shed (c. 1900) chicken house (c.
 The Cullars Rotation is a soil fertility experiment on the Auburn University campus in Auburn Alabama and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Cullars Rotation experiment which started in 1911 is the oldest ongoing cotton fertility experiment in the United States the oldest soil fertility experiment in the Southern United States and the second oldest continuous cotton experiment in the world.
 The Quanah Parker Star House with stars painted on its the roof is located in the city of Cache county of Comanche in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Comanche County Oklahoma in 1970.Built by Comanche chief Quanah Parker circa 1890 the structure was purchased by his daughter Mrs. Birdsong upon Parker's 1911 death.
 Weskoppies is a public psychiatric hospital in Pretoria Gauteng. It is situated to the west of the city centre and was built on the site of the old botanical gardens.The hospital is used by the University of Pretoria and the University of Limpopo amongst others as a teaching hospital.
 Brienen aan de Maas is a restaurant in Well in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2007–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Owner and head chef of Brienen aan de Maas is René Brienen.
 The Gurminj Museum of Musical Instruments ( or Gurminj Museum) is a museum located in the center of Dushanbe Tajikistan behind the Office of the Mayor on Bokhtar Street.
 Hubbard Hall often called The Boat House is the historic home of the United States Naval Academy's rowing teams in Annapolis Maryland. Located on Dorsey Creek off of the Severn River it was completed in 1930 for the 40-man heavyweight rowing team. It supports the men's lightweight and heavyweight teams and the women's team with over 200 members.
 Metropolis at Metrotown (commonly referred to as simply Metrotown or Metro and formerly known as Metrotown Centre or Eaton Centre Metrotown) is a shopping mall complex in Burnaby British Columbia Canada. With over 450 shops and services the anchors are Hudson's Bay Sears Target Toys R Us T & T Supermarket Sport Chek/Atmosphere Chapters Forever 21 H&M Home Outfitters Old Navy Real Canadian Superstore Urban Behavior Winners/Homesense Zara and Cineplex Entertainment.
 Adena Mansion was built for Thomas Worthington by Benjamin Latrobe and was completed in 1807. It is located on a hilltop west of downtown Chillicothe Ohio United States. The property surrounding the mansion included the location of the first mound found to belong to the Adena culture and thus the Adena mansion is the namesake for the Adena people. Adena Mansion is often open for visitors for a small fee.
 The Anchor Inn was a landmark restaurant opened in 1954 in the heart of Wheaton Maryland located at the corner of University Boulevard West and Georgia Avenue. The restaurant was closed in 2004 and in May 2006 the restaurant was torn down to make way for a residential and retail mixed-use development.
 Axis (also known as the Axis Tower) is a skyscraper under construction on Albion Street in Manchester city centre England.
 The Church of the Messiah Birmingham was a Unitarian church on Broad Street Birmingham.
 Saint Elizabeth of the Hill Country Catholic Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte located in Boone North Carolina. Its canonical territory includes all of Watauga County. Father David Brzoska is the pastor. The parish had its beginnings in the 1940s for the few Catholic families and students at Appalachian State University. Early celebrations of Mass took place in the homes of residents before a new church was built in 1958.Priests from St.
 The Westover Historic District is a national historic district located at Arlington County Virginia. It contains 383 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in a residential neighborhood in northern Arlington. The neighborhood was constructed in five phases between 1939 and 1957: Westover Apartments Westover Hills Keene’s Addition to Westover Westover Park and Mason’s Addition to Westover.
 The B&O Railroad Headquarters Building is a historic office building at 2 North Charles Street in Baltimore Maryland. It is a 13-story 220 foot skyscraper designed by the Boston and Baltimore-based architectural firm of Parker & Thomas and constructed in 1904-1906.
 The International Dolls Museum is a large collection of dolls in Delhi India. It was set up by K. Shankar Pillai a political cartoonist. Housed in the Children's Book Trust building on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg accessed through a separate entrance a winding staircase leading up to a foyer. The museum has a floor area of 5184.5 sq ft (481.66 m2) and occupies a portion of the first floor.
 Knapp House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It is a two-story frame Colonial Revival style residence with a hipped roof built about 1905. Also on the property is a two-story gambrel roofed carriage house and a chicken coop.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Bulgakov House (Russian: Музей - театр Булгаковский Дом) is situated at the ground floor of Bolshaya Sadovaya ulitsa no. 10 in Moscow in the building where the Soviet writer Mikhail Bulgakov used to live and in which some major scenes of his novel The Master and Margarita are set. The museum was established as a private initiative on May 15 2004.In the same building in apartment number 50 on the fourth floor is a second museum that keeps alive the memory of Bulgakov the M.A.
 The Lowell Power Canal System is the largest power canal system in the United States at 5.6 miles in length. The system's estimated output is 10000 horsepower operating six major canals on two levels controlled by numerous gates.
 The Austin 360 Condominiums Tower is a residential skyscraper at 360 Nueces Street Downtown Austin Texas United States standing 562' 9 (172 m) tall with 44 floors and 430 rooms with over 14000 sq ft (1300 m2) of retail space. The building topped out in November 2007 and construction was officially completed on May 22 2008. 360 Condominiums was the tallest building in Austin from January 15 2008 to June 29 2009 when The Austonian surpassed it.
 Kalča is a large shopping center in the City of Niš. The Kalča dominates the area and lies within Niš's downtown core. Today's Niš is reflected in these glass surfaces connecting the old town and the new Niš which is to come.
 The Bournemouth Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located next to Bournemouth International Airport near the village of Hurn in Christchurch. It houses a number of aircraft aero engines cockpits and a double-decker bus. Unusually for such a museum its policy is to have open cockpits and visitors are encouraged to climb into the cockpits and press knobs turn dials pull levers flick switches etc. Cockpits open in this manner include the Vulcan Lightning and Canberra.
 Wirts House is a historic home located at Straban Township Adams County Pennsylvania. It is a two-story rectangular log / wood frame vernacular Federal style dwelling. It is covered in wooden clapboard siding and sits on a rubble stone foundation. The original section dates to about 1765 with a back building addition built between about 1786 and 1812 and a two-story addition built between about 1825 and 1830.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Warren W. Brandt Hall is a 17-story dormitory that is located on the northeast corner of the Virginia Commonwealth University Monroe Park campus. The building is adjacent to Rhoads Hall and houses 640 freshmen students. The building was dedicated on August 24 2005 and opened for the 2005–06 academic school year being the newest residence building on campus until the construction of Gladding Residence Center Phase III. The building is named in Warren W.
 The Col. Joshua Huntington House is located in Norwich Connecticut. The house was built in 1771 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1972.
 The Nicholas Tate Perkins House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The property is also known as Two Rivers.It was built or has other significance as of c.1820. It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.
 The Ebell of Los Angeles is a women's club housed in a complex in the Mid-City section of Wilshire Los Angeles California that includes a clubhouse building and the renowned 1270-seat Wilshire Ebell Theatre.The complex has been owned and operated since 1927 by the Ebell of Los Angeles women's club which was formed in Los Angeles in 1894 or 1897. Since 1927 the Wilshire Ebell Theatre has hosted musical performances and lectures by world leaders and top artists.
 The Markle–Pittock House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 CSI Home Church is one of the largest and oldest churches in Asia. It is having an rich history of close to 200 years. It was the first Major church in the state of Travancore. It was built in the year 1819 under the supervision of Rev. William Tobias Ringeltaube an Prussian who had come to Nagercoil via Madras and Rev Charles Mead.
 The Frederick Lunkenheimer House is a historic residence on the east side of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1883 it is a brick building with a stone foundation a slate roof and smaller elements of sandstone. Measuring two-and-a-half stories tall the house features a wide range of architectural styles: although the dominant theme is a general Late Victorian style the house additionally includes Italianate elements such as the detailed lintels and the elaborate belvedere.
 This article is about the building in Waco. For the building of the same name in Dallas see Praetorian Building.The Praetorian Building is an historic 7-story building located at 601 Franklin Avenue in Waco McLennan County Texas. Designed by the Dallas architectural firm of C. W. Bulger & Co.
 The Chollar Mansion at 565 S. D St. in Virginia City Nevada is a historic Italianate-style house that was built in 1861. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It was designed by N. J. Coleman and was built when Virginia City was a mining boom town. It was moved about .25 miles (0.40 km) in 1870 due to mining needs.
 Prison Saint-Paul also named Prison Saint-Paul - Saint Joseph was the maison d'arrêt of Lyon located in the Confluence quarter 2nd arrondissement of Lyon in the south of the Gare de Lyon-Perrache. It was so named because of its proximity to the Palais de Justice and its address is 33 cours Suchet. The building too old is now the subject of new projects. All prisoners have been moved to the new prison of Corbas.
 The Pathar Ki Masjid stands on the bank of river Ganges near the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb. Parvez Shah son of Jahangir established Pathar Ki Masjid in 1621. The structure is built of stone and so it got its name as Pathar Ki Masjid.Pathar Ki Masjid is very popular among the local Islamic community. Apart from religious functions this old mosque is a major landmark of the city.Pathar Ki Masjid is also called Saif Khan's mosque Chimmi Ghat mosque and Sangi Masjid.
 St. John The Baptist Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at OH 694 and Main Street in Glandorf Ohio.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Public Safety Building or Old Post Office is a historic building in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It was constructed between 1902 and 1904 in the Classical Revival style. It is built of brick rising from a monumental stone base. There is a slightly projecting pavilion with four engaged Ionic columns on the second and third floors.
 The U.S. Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame and Museum is located in the City of Ishpeming in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan the birthplace of organized skiing in the United States. Along with housing the Hall of Fame and Museum the building includes a theater library gift shop offices and ample storage space for archive material and collections.
 Agdenes Church (Norwegian: Agdenes kirke) is a church in the municipality of Agdenes in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located along the Trondheimsleia in the north part of Agdenes about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of Vassbygda. The church is the main church for the municipality of Agdenes.The church was built in 1857 and designed by architect Christian Heinrich Grosch.
 Trinity Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral located in Easton Maryland United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Easton.
 The Museum of Saisiat Folklore (Chinese: 賽夏族民俗文物館; pinyin: Sàixiàzú Mínsú Wénwùguǎn) is a museum of folklore in Nanzhuang Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 The Greene County Almshouse is located northeast of the Greene County Illinois city of Carrollton along a township road. The Almshouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places one of four sites in and around Carrollton to enjoy that status. The other three are the Carrollton Courthouse Square Historic District the Henry T. Rainey Farm and the Hodges House. Greene County Almshouse has been listed on the National Register since 1991.
 The Château de Hohenstein is a ruined castle situated on the road between Oberhaslach and Wangenbourg not far from the Château du Nideck in the commune of Oberhaslach in the Bas-Rhin département of France.The property of the state it has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 St. Mary's Abbey Church is a historic church at Martin Luther King Blvd (formerly High) and William Streets in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.Construction was completed in 1857. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Elliott House is a house located in north Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Grand Canal Shoppes is a 500000 sq ft (46000 m2) upscale shopping mall inside The Venetian Hotel & Casino and The Palazzo on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada.The mall was opened along with the Venetian in 1999. The mall has indoor canals where gondolas take people around the mall. The mall is anchored by a flagship high-fashion Barneys New York store and contains many designer and upscale boutiques.
 Västerbottens museum in the Gammlia area of Umeå is a county museum with responsibility for the cultural history of Västerbotten County. The museum also comprises the Gammlia open-air museum a ski exhibition (previously the Swedish Ski Museum) an exhibition of Fishing and Maritime (previously the Fishing and Maritime Museum) the popular movement archive of Västerbotten County and a number of Sami camps.
 The Centre hospitalier de l'Université de Montréal (CHUM transliterated as Montreal University Health Centre) is one of two major healthcare networks in the city of Montreal Quebec. It is a teaching institution affiliated with the French-language Université de Montréal.
 The Somerville Court House is an Historic Building (on the National Register of Historic Places) in Somerville Somerset County New Jersey United States the county seat of Somerset County. Constructed in 1907 of white marble in the Neo-classical style it has been the scene of a number of famous trials. In spite of its monumental proportions it was once considered for demolition for not being large enough to accommodate the growing county.
 The Bayley House is a historic house at 16 Fairmont Avenue in Newtonville Massachusetts.
 The Minneapolis Saint Paul Rochester & Dubuque Electric Traction Company Depot or Orchard Gardens Railway Station located at County Road 5 and 155th Street in Burnsville in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1910 on the Dan Patch Line later known as the Minneapolis Northfield and Southern Railway. Connecting Northfield and Minneapolis the line carried agricultural produce from rural Dakota County to urban markets.
 Christ Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church located southwest of the Walker's Point neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Peninsula Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港半島酒店) located in Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon Hong Kong is the flagship property of the The Peninsula Hotels group. Opened in 1928 and expanded in 1994 the hotel combines colonial and modern elements and is notable for its large fleet of Rolls-Royces painted the distinctive Peninsula green.
 The Wintersmith Park Historic District known locally as simply Wintersmith Park is a historic district located at 18th Street and Scenic Drive in Ada Oklahoma. The park includes a lake a lodge bridges trails courts and a public amphitheater. The area is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The park is named for Frances Wintersmith.
 The Lands Administration Building (formerly the Executive Building) is a former government office building in central Brisbane Queensland Australia. The building is currently occupied by the Treasury Hotel part of the Treasury Casino.
 The Samsung Tower Palace is a group of seven towers lettered A-G. They are located in Dogok-dong Gangnam-gu Seoul South Korea. They range from 42–72 floors all built between 2002 and 2004 and all used as luxury residential complexes. Tower Palace G which is 73 floors and 264 metres (866 feet) high was the tallest building in Korea since 2004 but was surpassed by the Northeast Asia Trade Tower in 2009.
 Edgerton also known as Edgerton Park and Frederick F. Brewster Estate is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) public park on Whitney Avenue straddling the New Haven–Hamden town line in Connecticut. It is site of the home of Eli Whitney II. In 1909 it became the estate of Frederick F. Brewster with a mansion constructed. The mansion was demolished in 1964 pursuant to Brewster's wishes after the death of his wife.
 University High School was a public high school serving the northwestern portion of Oakland California. It originally opened in 1923 at what was 5714 Grove Street. Due to the proximity of the campus to the City of Berkeley UNI gained the reputation of the feeder high school of Oakland of students directly to the University of California. The high school was closed following World War II in 1948.
 The Bobov Synagogue in Kraków Poland was established in 1871 by followers of Rabbi Shlomo Halberstam of Bobov.Located at 12 Estery Street the synagogue was founded on the first story of an apartment block and also contained a Talmudic school which was situated adjacent to the prayer hall. During World War II the Nazis vandalized the synagogue. At the end of the war the synagogue was converted into apartments. Since the summer of 1990 it has been used as a hostel for the poor.
 The Doge's Palace (Italian: Palazzo Ducale) is a palace built in Venetian Gothic style and one of the main landmarks of the city of Venice northern Italy. The palace was the residence of the Doge of Venice the supreme authority of the Republic of Venice opening as a museum in 1923. Today it is one of the 11 museums run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.In 2010 it was visited by 1358186 people.
 Old Broadway Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Harlem New York City incorporated in 1911 under the name Chevra Talmud Torah Anshei Marovi by an immigrant named Morris Schiff (Torah Study Society People of the West Side [of Harlem]) Schiff was a polish immigrant who lived in the Harlem area an area with a high Jewish population at the time.
 American Seating Company Factory Complex is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids Michigan.
 The Jessie Osborne House is a house near Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built by master stonemason H.T. Pugh and by Paul Kartsky.
 The Jersey County Courthouse located on the Public Square in Jerseyville is Jersey County Illinois' county courthouse. Built in 1893–94 the courthouse was the third used by the county since its formation in 1839. Architect Henry Elliott designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The building's design features a tall central tower topped by an octagonal cupola terminal towers at the front corners and a raised front porch.
 Forry House is a historic home located at York York County Pennsylvania. Built in 1809 by Rudolph Forry it is a 2 1/2-story limestone dwelling with a gable roof and two gable end brick chimneys.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 595 Market Street is a 410-foot (120 m) skyscraper at the corner of Second Street and Market Street in the Financial District of San Francisco California. It contains 30 floors and was completed in 1979. The hexagonal-shaped skyscraper was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill.In 2009 Visa Inc. moved its corporate headquarters to 595 Market Street from San Mateo before deciding to move to Foster City in October 2012.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church Niagara Falls New York is an Episcopalian church in DeVeaux Niagara Falls New York.The first church of the name was built in 1847-49 by George Holley on land given for the purpose from the estate of General Peter Buell Porter; the funeral services of his son Col. Peter A. Porter and other members of his family were held here.The present church was built in 1873-80 to replace it: the architect was Henry Dudley.
 The Judge Lee House in Watsonville California is a Queen Anne style house built in 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by architect W. H. Weeks.
 The Collegiate Church of St. Florian (Polish: Kościół św. Floriana w Krakowie) is a historic church in Kraków Poland. It stands at the northern end of Matejko Square and the former centre of the mediaeval city of Kleparz now a district of Kraków. The edifice marks the beginning of the Royal Road.
 Cassina Point (also known as the Hopkinson House) was built in 1847 for Carolina Lafayette Seabrook and her husband James Hopkinson. Carolina Seabrook was the daughter of wealthy Edisto planter William Seabrook. William Seabrook had hosted Gen. Lafayette in 1825 at his nearby home at the time of Carolina's birth. William Seabrook gave Gen. Lafayette the honor of naming the newborn child and the general selected Carolina (for the girl's birthplace) and Lafayette (after his own name).
 The Boulevard Mall is located at 3528 S. Maryland Pkwy in Paradise Nevada United States (an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley). The mall is owned by GE 2003-C2 Boulevard Mall LLC a subsidiary of Midland Loan Services and formerly by Rouse Properties who returned the mall to its lender by deed in lieu of foreclosure when it failed to redevelop the property as it had originally intended.
 St. Mark’s Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 175 St. Marks Church Road in Perryville Cecil County Maryland and the parish church for Susquehanna Parish in the Diocese of Maryland. There are several 19th century burials in its cemetery including that of Maryland congressman George Gale
 St. Rose of Lima Church is a Roman Catholic parish church at 46 Church Hill Road in Newtown Connecticut United States. It is under the authority of the Diocese of Bridgeport and was founded under the patronage of St. Rose of Lima the first person born in the Americas to be canonized by the Catholic Church.
 The Vandalia State House built in 1836 is the fourth capitol building of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is also the oldest capitol building in Illinois to survive as the first second and third capitol buildings have all disappeared. The brick Federal style state house has been operated by the state of Illinois as a monument of Illinois pioneer years since 1933. It is located in Vandalia Illinois on the National Road.
 Islamic Foundation North is a mosque located in Waukegan Illinois. Its current building was built in 2004. The organization itself has existed since 1977 when it was established to serve the needs of the Muslim community of Chicago's northern suburbs. It is not affiliated with Islamic Foundation in Villa Park Illinois.
 Bridge No. 5721 is a Parker iron truss bridge created in Sauk Centre Minnesota which spent many years in northern Minnesota south of Silverdale but was relocated as a part of the Gateway State Trail just west of Stillwater Minnesota.
 The Church of the Seven Apostles (Hebrew: כנסיית השליחים Knessiath haShlichim Greek language: Εκκλησία Αποστόλων) is a Greek Orthodox church located at the shore of the Sea of Galilee near Capernaum (Kefar Nachum) in Israel.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Bolton-by-Bowland is located in Gisburn Road Bolton-by-Bowland Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowland the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of St Ambrose Grindleton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Camp Sheridan was established originally as the Post at Spotted Tail Indian Agency near the Spotted Tail Agency in northwestern Nebraska in March 1874. In 1875 the garrison moved into permanent structures on the west fork of Beaver Creek 12 miles upstream from the White River near Hay Springs Nebraska. The garrison sometimes called Fort Sheridan was abandoned seven years later in May 1881.
 Muzeul Memoriei Neamului (Romanian; Museum of National Memory) is a museum in Chişinău Moldova dedicated to the victims of the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina and to commemorating anti-communist resistance in the region.
 Ninewells Hospital is the largest teaching hospital in Europe[citation needed] based on the western edge of Dundee Scotland. It is internationally renowned for introducing laparoscopic surgery to the UK as well as being a leading centre in developing fields such as the management of cancer medical genetics and robotic surgery. Within the UK it is also a major NHS facility for psychosurgery. The medical school was ranked 1st in the UK in 2009.
 The Petrus- en Pauluskerk (English: Peter and Paul Church) is a church in Loppersum in the Netherlands. It is a rijksmonument and in the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites.
 Copmanthorpe Preceptory York was a medieval monastic house in North Yorkshire England.
 Michael Dohner Farmhouse is a historic home located at East Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It is a two-story fieldstone dwelling five bays long and two bays deep. The original section was built about 1732 in a configuration typical of a German continental house. It features a massive interior fireplace.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Fort Street Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at 516 W. Hopkins Street in San Marcos Texas.The late-Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Tan Teck Guan Building (Chinese: 陈德源大楼; pinyin: Chén Déyuán dàlóu) is a historic building on MacAlister Road within the compound of Singapore General Hospital in Bukit Merah Singapore. The building currently houses offices of the Ministry of Health.
 The Dresden Frauenkirche (German: Dresdner Frauenkirche IPA: [ˈfʁaʊənˌkɪʁçə] Church of Our Lady) is a Lutheran church in Dresden the capital of the German state of Saxony. Although the original church was Roman Catholic until it became Protestant during the Reformation the current Baroque building was purposely built Protestant.
 Construction for the Calgary Municipal Building began in 1982 and was completed in October 1985. The building was designed to serve as a complement to the old Calgary City Hall facilities. The structure currently houses 2000 city employees. The building has been the centre for civic administration for the City of Calgary since 1985. The building is open to the public Monday to Friday from 08:00 to 18:00.
 The Wyckoff House or Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House is located at 5816 Clarendon Road in the Canarsie area of Brooklyn. The house itself is located in Milton Fidler Park. The house is estimated to have been built in 1652 it is the oldest surviving example of a Dutch saltbox frame house in America and was one of the first structures built by Europeans on Long Island.
 The H. M. Warren School is a historic school building at 30 Converse Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The two story brick and limestone building was designed by Charles E. Park and built c. 1895-97. It was named for Major Horace M. Warren a Wakefield native killed in the American Civil War. The Renaissance Revival structure consists of a central section which is flanked by matching side sections which project.
 The Hamilton Building also known as The Flatiron Building of Bellingham was the first skyscraper in Bellingham. Built in 1908 for Talifero Simpson Hamilton's growing Bellingham Bay (B.B.) Furniture Company established in 1889 the building cost $100000 and used thirty-five thousand barrels of cement along with 200000 pounds of steel. Due to its triangular shape and resemblance to the Fuller Building in New York the building instantly garnered the flatiron nickname.
 Pascack Valley Hospital (PVH) is a former 291-bed hospital located at 250 Old Hook Road Westwood New Jersey.
 SM City Davao (referred as SM Ecoland by residents) is an indoor shopping mall in Quimpo Boulevard Davao City Philippines. SM Prime Holdings developed and manages the mall. SM City Davao the first SM Mall in the Mindanao region opened to the public on November 17 2001.
 The Riverview Apartments in Wichita Kansas were built in 1928. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Mongolian highest radio antenna (Mongolian: Өлгий телевиз байшин) is the tallest building in Mongolia. This is a radio mast with a height of 352.5 meters.It is located in Ulgiy in the west of Mongolia. The radio tower has mast lights lit with blue lights. On it radio advertisements and the local time are written in large letters. Date of construction is unknown.
 The Natural History Museum of Helsinki (Finnish: Luonnontieteellinen museo Swedish: Naturhistoriska museet) is an exhibition of the Finnish Museum of Natural History of the University of Helsinki. The museum is located in Etu-Töölö in central Helsinki. The museum building was originally established as a gymnasium for Russian students in 1913 and adopted by the University in 1923.The museum displays taxidermed animals skeletons remains of prehistoric animals and minerals.
 Emmanuel Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn New York on the northwest corner of Lafayette Avenue and St. James Place. It was built 1887 to designs by architect Francis H. Kimball in the Gothic Revival style as a synthesis of the cathedral type and the Baptist preaching church. It is considered one of Kimball's finest designs.
 Nordlandet Church (Norwegian: Nordlandet kirke) is a parish church in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the western end of the island of Nordlandet in the town of Kristiansund. The church is part of the Nordlandet parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The stone church was built in 1914 by the architect Hagbarth Martin Schytte-Berg. The church seats about 700 people.
 Larkin Community Hospital (LCH) is a for-profit 146-bed general medical and surgical teaching hospital. In the last year with available data LCH had about 7523 emergency room visits and 5792 admissions. Physicians at the hospital performed about 794 inpatient and 739 outpatient surgeries.LCH is the only hospital in Miami-Dade County with an Area of Critical Need designation by the Florida Board of Medicine.
 Otis Company Mill No. 1 is a historic mill on E. Main Street in Ware Massachusetts USA. The stone mill building was built in 1845 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was further listed as a contributing property to the Ware Millyard Historic District in 1986.
 Gibson House also known as The Mark Twain Manor is a historic home located at Jamestown Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1855 and is a two-story square brick residence with a hipped roof and central cupola. The design displays elements of the Greek Revival Italianate and Georgian styles. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house. The house has been converted to restaurant use.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Felix G. Hansford House was built in 1824 by Mr. Felix G. Hansford.He was the president of the Giles Fayette and Kanawha Turnpike Company.This is the oldest building in the town of Hansford West Virginia.The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is rumoured that relatives of George Washington (the First President of the USA) once stayed in this house but proof is limited and lacks legitimacy.
 The LORAN Station (Santa Maria) (Portuguese: Estação LORAN de Santa Maria) is a long-range navigational station abandoned after the beginning of the 1980s following cessation of service in the north Atlantic. Located in the locality of Norte in the civil parish of Santa Bárbara in the municipality of Vila do Porto the station was closed in the 1980s and the buildings eventually left to ruins.
 The Gold County Museum is a history museum located in Auburn California United States. It focuses on the history of the California Gold Rush in Placer County.
 The William B. Spencer House is a historic house at 11 Fairview Avenue in the Phenix village of West Warwick Rhode Island. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1869-70 and is an elaborate and well-preserved instance of Late Victorian Italianate style. The house has an L shape with forward projecting gable section on the left in front of a rectangular main block.
 The Frederick Collins House is a historic house at 1734 Beacon Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1847 and is the only temple-front Greek Revival house in the village of Waban. It as two-story Ionic columns supporting an entablature and triangular pediment. The tympanum is flushboarded an attempt to give it the appearance of ashlar stone.
 Coles County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Charleston Illinois. The courthouse is located in a public square in central Charleston and houses most of Coles County Illinois's administrative offices as well as its courts. It was built in 1898 and designed by architect Cornelius W. Rapp in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building's exterior is faced in brown stone from the Embarras River; Bedford stone is used for several architectural details.
 George Washington School is a historic school building located in the Dickinson Narrows neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1935-1937. It is a three-story brick and limestone building in the Art Deco / Moderne-style. It features ribbon windows brick piers and a projecting entrance with skyscraper-like details and rounded corners with decorative figures.
 Four Gateway Center is a 305 ft (93 m) skyscraper in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1960 at a cost of $16 million ($129 million in 2014 dollars) and opened on June 24 of that year. It is the 26th tallest building in Pittsburgh and has 22 floors. Virtually all materials used to construct the tower were products of Pennsylvania factories and mills.
 Rich-McCormick Woolen Factory is a historic woolen mill located at Dunnstable Township in Clinton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1830 and is a three-story brick building on a coursed stone foundation and a gable roof. It measures 32 feet by 50 feet 6 inches and four bays by seven bays. It was built as a woolen mill and remained in operation until 1845 after which it was used for storage.
 Anthony Yelverton House is a historic home located at Highland in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay frame structure built about 1754. It is built into the hillside. It features a 2-story porch spanning the full width of the building. It is the only surviving structure from Yelverton's Landing and once served as a tavern storehouse and private residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Foothills Mall is an indoor regional shopping mall located in Maryville Tennessee. Foothills Mall features approximately 70 stores and restaurants. Adjacent to the mall is the Foothills Plaza complex which includes several additional restaurants and a cineplex with 12 screens. Opened in 1983 Foothills Mall is the only shopping mall in suburban Blount County part of the Knoxville Metropolitan Area.
 The University of Santo Tomas Hospital (simply UST Hospital or USTH) is located inside the España Manila campus of University of Santo Tomas. It was founded in 1577 as San Juan de Dios Hospital that became the clinical training institution of medical students of University of Santo Tomas.
 Plymouth Church of Shaker Heights is a church located in Shaker Heights Ohio USA. It is a member of the United Church of Christ. The Senior Minister is Rev. Dr. Shawnthea Monroe. The church building dedicated in 1923 has been designated a landmark by the Shaker Heights Landmarks Commission.
 The Türkischer Tempel (English: Turkish Temple) was a synagogue in Vienna. It was built specifically for a community of Sephardi Jews who originally came from Turkey. The synagogue was built in a Turkish almost Islamic style with a dome. The building was destroyed during the Reichskristallnacht in 1938.
 Castletown Shoppingworld is a shopping centre in Townsville Australia. The third-largest centre in the district Castletown has three major tenants along with 105 specialty stores and is owned by Mcconaghy Properties. Once stage two of the centre opens It will open an extra 30 stores and two mini majors.
 The Magic House is a not-for-profit children’s museum located in St. Louis Missouri. The Magic House opened as a children’s museum in 1979 with the mission of engaging children in hands-on learning experiences that encourage experimentation creativity and the development of problem-solving skills within a place of beauty wonder joy and magic.
 The Castle of Kars (Turkish: Kars Kalesi) is a former fortification located in Kars Turkey. It is also known under the names Central Castle Inner Castle or Citadel. It was built in 1153 by Vizier Firuz Akay commissioned by Saltuk Sultan Malik Izzeddin Saltuk II. The outer walls surrounding the city were built in the 12th century.
 The Henniger Farm Covered Bridge also known as Dauphin County Bridge No. 43 is a historic covered bridge spanning Wiconisco Creek in Washington Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is a single-span bridge with an overall length of 72 feet. The deck has a width of 16 feet and the clearance is 11 feet. The trussing system is a combination of Burr and Double-arch truss.
 Rembert Church (Rembert Methodist Church) is a historic church in Woodrow South Carolina.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The John F. Kennedy Hyannis Museum is a museum located in Hyannis Massachusetts. It consists of a collection of photographs relating to the Kennedys and the times they spent vacationing on the Hyannis Port. It includes a video on the Kennedys a Kennedy Family Tree and a statue What Could Have Been portraying John F. Kennedy walking on the beach with his adult son John F. Kennedy Jr..
 The Hanson Place Central United Methodist Church is a Methodist cathedral in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City located on the northwest corner of Hanson Place and St. Felix Street adjacent to the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower. The church is the third Methodist church on the site.
 Church of the Highlands is a non-denominational Christian mega church in Birmingham Alabama. It is a multi-site church with campuses in several Alabama cities. In addition to the primary church experience Church of the Highlands offers church online as well as an extensive prison ministry hosted at many of the correctional facilities in the state of Alabama.The church was founded on February 4 2001 by Pastor Chris Hodges and a core group of 34 people.
 555 17th Street formerly known as the Anaconda Tower and the Qwest Tower is a skyscraper in Denver Colorado. The building was completed in 1978 and rises 40 floors and 507 feet (155 m) in height. The building stands as the seventh-tallest building in Denver and Colorado.
 The Phoenix Towers were designed by Ralph C. Harris and built by Del E. Webb in Modern Movement style. The buildings completed in 1957 are located a mile and a half north of downtown Phoenix at the corner of Central Avenue and Monte Vista Road. The main building is 14 stories with four wings forming an X. Towers may be misleading as there is only one high-rise building but 2 of the wings are much larger than the other two giving an appearance of separate buildings.
 As one of the major facilities to be built in the Manila campus of Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas the Thomasian Alumni Center is poised to serve as the meeting place of all members of the alumni in the Philippines and abroad. The center is conceived to house the individual alumni chapters of each faculty and college.The proposed site is the current location of UST's original gymnasium which was the largest in the Philippines when it was built.
 The Cheyenne County Jail at 85 W. Second St. in Cheyenne Wells Colorado was built in 1894. It was a work of Denver architect Robert S. Roeschlaub with some Romanesque Revival styling. It is now operated as the Eastern Colorado Historical Society Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was operated as a jail from 1894 through sometime after 1937 then eventually was closed.
 The Sacred Heart Cathedral (Bosnian: Katedrala Srca Isusova) in Sarajevo commonly referred as the Sarajevo Cathedral is the largest cathedral in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Vrhbosna currently Cardinal Vinko Puljić and center of Catholic worship in the city. The Cathedral is located in the city's Old Town district.
 Minshull Vernon United Reformed Church is located in Cross Lane Minshull Vernon Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Morrow Plots is an experimental corn field at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. It is the oldest such field in the United States and the second oldest in the world.
 Dinosaur Park is a tourist attraction in Rapid City South Dakota United States. Dedicated on May 22 1936 it contains seven dinosaur sculptures on a hill overlooking the city created to capitalize on the tourists coming to the Black Hills to see Mount Rushmore. Constructed by the city of Rapid City and the Works Progress Administration WPA Project #960's dinosaurs were designed by Emmet Sullivan.
 Wilson Eyre House is a historic residence located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built between 1830 and 1835 and is a three story brick dwelling with a low to medium roof and dormer. A three-story brick addition was added in 1909 by its then owner architect Wilson Eyre (1858-1944). Eyre purchased the home in 1909 and occupied it until his death in 1944.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Union Hospital (Chinese: 仁安醫院) is a hospital in Tai Wai Sha Tin Hong Kong. It was established in 1994 and was developed by the Henderson Group becoming the 12th private hospital in Hong Kong. It is the first private general hospital in the New Territories East part of the Hong Kong SAR.
 Miyanomori Art Museum (宮の森美術館 Miyanomori Bijutsukan) is a museum of contemporary art located in Sapporo Japan that was established in April 2006.
 The Perret tower is an observation tower located in Grenoble in the Paul Mistral public park. It stands 95 metres (312 ft) tall about the same height as the three towers of the Île Verte in Grenoble. It was built in the field of the International Exhibition of Hydropower and Tourism where it was the orientation tower and the symbol of the exhibition.
 The George Bradshaw House and Joshua Salisbury/George Bradshaw Barn in Wellsville Utah was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The George Bradshaw House is significant as a rare example of Second Empire architecture in any rural area of Utah. The listing also includes a historic stone barn on the property dating to approximately 1875.
 The Judson-Taft House is an historic house located at 46 Pleasant Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The 2 1⁄2 story wood frame house was built c. 1845-55 and is one of Uxbridge's most elaborate examples of high style Greek Revival design. The house occupies a site overlooking the center of Uxbridge and its front yard originally extended all the way to Main Street.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church is a historic church at 159 Washington Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The church is part of St Mary's Parish which includes St Mary's School. Both are part of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston.The church building was built in 1876 replacing Winchester's first Roman Catholic place of worship a chapel built on the same site. Originally clad in wood this church underwent major renovations in 1897 under the direction of architect P. W.
 The Jefferson County Courthouse is located at 301 Market Street in Steubenville Ohio. It is the original courthouse constructed for Jefferson County. It was constructed in 1871 through 1874 by Heard & Blythe architectural firm.
 Schoolfield School Complex is a complex of historic school buildings located at Danville Virginia. The complex consists of Building A built in 1912 or 1913 Building B built in 1936 or 1937 and Building C built in 1939 or 1940. Building A is a 2 1/2-story Prairie School style brick building with deep eaves that cap a narrow elongated structure multi-paned massed windows and horizontal masonry banding. It has an entry tower and addition built in 1933.
 The Cheyenne County Courthouse located at 212 E. Washington St. in St. Francis Kansas was built durin 1924-25. It was designed by Thomas W. Williamson & Co. and built by Thomas D. Howard. It was built in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.It was deemed significant for association with architect Thomas W. Williamson and for association with other county courthouses in Kansas that he designed.
 Forth Valley Royal Hospital in Larbert with its 860 inpatient beds 25 wards and 16 operating theatres is Scotland's largest ever NHS construction project. Built at a cost of £300 million on the site of the old Royal Scottish National Hospital it opened to its first patients in 2010.
 The Graystone Lodge also known as Hoskins-Guidice House is a historic structure located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two story stone building built about 1781 with a mid-19th century frame addition.
 Lewis Army Museum (originally Fort Lewis Military Museum) is a military museum at Fort Lewis in the state of Washington U.S. It is housed in the historic former Red Shield Inn which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) and can be seen prominently from Interstate 5. It is the only certified U.S. Army museum on the West Coast.Established in 1971 the museum was originally housed in a two-story barracks.
 The Armstrong Manual Training School also known as the Samuel Chapman Armstrong Technical High School is a historic school located at 1st Street and P Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Truxton Circle neighborhood.
 The Musée Bonnat-Helleu is an art museum in Bayonne Aquitaine France. The museum was created in 1901 when Bayonne-born painter Léon Bonnat gave his extensive personal collections of art – notably an exceptional drawing collection – as well as many of his paintings to the City of Bayonne.
 Goulding's Trading Post is a lodge trading post and museum located just north of the Arizona–Utah border adjacent to the Navajo Tribal Park in Monument Valley. Harry Goulding introduced director John Ford to Monument Valley where he shot several of his classic westerns. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 20 1980.
 The Riverside Concrete Company-Lamont's Market is a historic market building at 2 Charles Street in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1910 it is a rare example of concrete block construction manufactured by its first owner the Riverside Concrete Company. The market served the neighborhood as well as visitors to the nearby Norumbega amusement park. The second-floor apartment was added in 1928.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Hanna-Kenty House is located at 251 E. High St. in Lisbon Ohio. It is also known as the Marcus Hanna Boyhood Home.The home is recognized for its local architectural significance. It combines the early 19th century Federal style and the early 20th century Colonial Revival style.
 Château Saulnier is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It became a Historic Monument in 1969.this castle has been past down from father to son or daughter formany generations. every summer the family reunites. it has been lived in for years and still is.
 Northgate Mall is a regional shopping mall located off Interstate 85 and Gregson Street (exit 176) in northern Durham North Carolina United States. The mall is in close proximity to Duke University and downtown Durham between the Trinity Park and Walltown neighborhoods.
 The Soldiers' and Sailors' Arch (1889-92) in Brooklyn New York is a triumphal arch dedicated To the Defenders of the Union 1861-1865. The eastern end with a stairway to the observation deck and crowning sculpture is open to the public while the remainder of the interior is sometimes opened for art shows and performances (the western end with degraded stairway is only used for storage).[citation needed]
 Samuel Elmore Cannery was a U.S. National Historic Landmark in Astoria Oregon that was designated in 1966 but was delisted in 1993.The home of Bumble Bee brand tuna it was the longest continuously-operated salmon cannery in the United States from its construction in 1898 until decommissioning in 1980. The canned salmon industry was a cornerstone of the Northwest's resource-based economy from the late 1860s until after World War II.
 The East Yangon General Hospital (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် အရှေ့ပိုင်း ဆေးရုံ) is a public general hospital located in Botataung township Yangon Myanmar. It consists of a medical ward a surgical ward a pediatric ward and an obstetrics and gynecology ward. The hospital also runs an ER for general medicine general surgery and traumatology.
 Albert R. Fox House also known as the Fox Mansion is a historic home located at Sand Lake in Rensselaer County New York. It was built about 1847 and is a large Greek Revival style frame dwelling. It consists of a two story five bay wide and four bay deep main block flanked by one story two bay wide wings. There is also a large two story rear wing. It features a full width one story open porch with Ionic order columns supporting a deep entabulature.
 Riber Castle is a 19th-century Grade II listed country house situated in the hamlet of Riber on a hill overlooking Matlock Derbyshire. Known locally as Smedley's Folly because of the difficulty of getting water to the hill summit it was built by John Smedley in 1862 as his private home.
 The Claridge Hotel is a historic hotel in Atlantic City New Jersey opened in 1930. It operated for many years as a casino known first as Del Webb's Claridge Hotel and Casino then the Claridge Hotel and Casino. The hotel was acquired by Bally's on December 30 2002. They ran the building as a hotel tower of Bally's Atlantic City until February 2014 when the property was acquired by TJM Properties of Clearwater Florida who returned the property to a stand-alone hotel.
 AC Hotel by Marriott is a skyscraper in the city of Las Palmas on the Gran Canaria Canary Islands Spain. It has 26 floors and rises 84 meters.
 Main Street Historic District is a historic district in Woonsocket Rhode Island USA. The bulk of the block was constructed in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Ryman Auditorium (formerly Grand Ole Opry House and Union Gospel Tabernacle) is a 2362-seat live performance venue located at 116 5th Avenue North in Nashville Tennessee and is best known as the most famous former home of the Grand Ole Opry. It is owned and operated by Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc.
 Formerly the Accenture Tower changed to 333 South Seventh Street Tower in April 2013 is a 454.494-ft (139 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was completed in 1987 and has 33 floors and 650000 square feet (60000 m2). It is the 16th-tallest building in the city. It was originally a two-tower project but only the east tower was built. A small landscaped plaza fronting 3rd Avenue South now occupies the plot for the west tower.
 Middle Intervale Meeting House and Common (Center Meeting House) is a historic church in Bethel in the U.S. state of Maine.It was built in 1816 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Kyrenia Castle (Greek: Κάστρο της Κερύνειας Turkish: Girne Kalesi) at the east end of the old harbour in Kyrenia is a 16th-century castle built by the Venetians over a previous Crusader fortification. Within its walls lies a twelfth-century chapel showing reused late Roman capitals and the Shipwreck Museum.
 Riverfront Towers is an apartment/condominium complex of three luxury high rise residential skyscrapers along the International Riverfront in Detroit Michigan United States. Each Riverfront Tower creates an ascending tier of three towers.
 TVR Tower (Romanian: Turnul Televiziunii Române) is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 13 floors and a surface of 11000 sqm. The building is owned by the Romanian Television which uses the antenna on the building to transmit video signal.
 The Griffith Building is located in Newark New Jersey. The building was built in 1927 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 1984. The building is 15 story's and 64.01 m (210.0 ft) tall. The Griffith Piano Company erected the building as a showroom workshop office tower and recital auditorium. Under the direction of Mrs. Parker O.
 Gateway Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Lincoln Nebraska owned by Starwood Capital Group. It was built in 1960 and is the largest shopping center in Lincoln with 107 stores.
 The Octagonal Poultry House also known as the Walter P. Taylor Octagon is an historic octagonal farm building located in Cold Spring in Lower Township in Cape May County New Jersey United States. It was built to house hens who supposedly like to nest in corners. Eventually it became a children's playhouse. Today the broom maker works there at Historic Cold Spring Village.
 The Iowa Memorial Union or IMU at University of Iowa opened in 1925 the building currently houses a number of student clubs and the Iowa House Hotel.In 2008 the Iowa Memorial Union's basement was flooded. Recovery efforts have been underway
 The Jim Thorpe House is in Yale Oklahoma located off State Highway 51 at 706 East Boston Street. In 1917 Jim Thorpe bought a small home in Yale Oklahoma and lived there until 1923 with his wife. The house was bought by the Oklahoma Historical Society in 1968 and is now listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The house is maintained as a small museum to Thorpe and contains related memorabilia.
 Chaumont Railroad Station is a historic railway station located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a one story one by six bay frame building on a low foundation of coursed limestone. It was built to serve the Cape Vincent Branch of the New York Central Railroad. It was last used as a railway station in 1952.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Linden Row is a set of eight historic rowhouses located in Richmond Virginia. They were built in 1847 and 1853 and are three-story Greek Revival style brick veneer townhouses on high basements and topped by a simple white cornice of wood. Each house has an identical Grecian Doric order entrance porch supported by two fluted Doric columns. A three-story porch runs the entire length of the back of the houses.
 The Trade Unions Building or Budynok Profspilok (officially in Ukrainian: Будинок спілок Федерації професійних спілок України Union house of the Federation of Trade Unions of Ukraine) is large public building in Kiev Ukraine.
 Swanbourne Hospital is a heritage listed former mental hospital located in Mount Claremont Western Australia. Built in 1904 it was the largest stand-alone psychiatric hospital in Western Australia for much of the twentieth century until its closure in September 1972. The hospital was originally known as Claremont Hospital for the Insane Claremont Mental Hospital and Claremont Hospital.
 Westfield Whitford City is a major shopping centre owned by the Westfield Group and located in Hillarys a suburb of Perth. It is located approximately 18 kilometres north west of the Perth CBD on Marmion Avenue. In 2006 it had an annual turnover of A$395.4 million and approximately 7.2 million customer visits. The trade area population is about 224410 and the total retail spending in trade area A$2.3 billion.
 222 Second Street is a 370-foot (110 m) office skyscraper under construction in the South of Market District of San Francisco California. Developed by Tishman Speyer and designed by Thomas Phifer the high rise will provide 450209 square feet (41825.8 m2) of office space and 2209 square feet (205.2 m2) of ground floor retail at the southern corner of Second and Howard Streets. Construction began in August 2013.
 The Icon Towers are a complex of two residential towers in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada.The towers are currently Edmonton's tallest residential buildings after they were completed in 2010. The north tower with 35 floors has a height of 112 metres (367 ft) and the south tower with 30 floors has a height of 92 metres (302 ft). Tower I was completed in 2009 and II was completed in 2010.
 The Henry M. Grant House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Abel H. Fish House is located in Salem Connecticut. The house was built in 1835 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1982.
 Evergreen Plantation is a plantation located on Louisiana Highway 18 near Wallace Louisiana. The main house was constructed mostly in 1790 renovated to its current Greek Revival style in 1832 and the plantation's historical crop was sugar cane. It was an operating plantation up until about 1930 when the Depression brought about the abandonment of the house.
 The Astoria Palace Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It faces the Copacabana Beach and is located just metres west of the Copacabana Palace Hotel. It is one of the newest hotels in the area and has 115 rooms.
 Elrod Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County Illinois once listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was listed from 1980 until 1995.Elrod was one of the six bridges that have been demolished out of nine similar bridges in the county. This particular one was over the Spoon River near Smithfield Illinois on Township Road 248 in Bernadotte Township.
 Fair Lane was the name of the estate of Ford Motor Company founder Henry Ford and his wife Clara Ford in Dearborn Michigan in the United States. It was named after an area in County Cork in Ireland where Ford's adoptive grandfather Patrick Ahern was born.
 Aramark Tower formerly known as One Reading Center is a high-rise office building located in the Center City region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands 412 feet (126 meters) tall with 32 floors and is currently the 23rd-tallest building in the city.The building was originally conceived by the Reading Company while in a state of bankruptcy as a way to capitalize on its real estate holdings in Center City.
 The Charles H. Burke House at 36 Steward St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house with Colonial Revival and Queen Anne elements that was designed and built by Charles H. Burke in 1908.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with Charles H. Burke (1865–1944). Burke developed a subdivision termed the Burke's Addition and more in southeast Reno.
 Middleton Grange is a shopping centre in Hartlepool England. It was built in 1969 and it was opened by Princess Anne on 27 May 1970. The site of the shopping centre was originally terraced streets they were demolished in the late 1960s.
 The Poughkeepsie Galleria is a shopping mall on U.S. 9 in the Town of Poughkeepsie New York not far from Wappingers Falls and is the biggest mall in New York's Hudson Valley region. The mall which opened in 1987 after much controversy regarding its construction has an area of 1100000-square-foot (100000 m2) with two floors and 250 shops and restaurants as well as an 16-screen stadium seating Regal Cinema theater.
 The Citadel of Aleppo (Arabic: قلعة حلب‎) is a large medieval fortified palace in the centre of the old city of Aleppo northern Syria. It is considered to be one of the oldest and largest castles in the world. Usage of the Citadel hill dates back at least to the middle of the 3rd millennium BC. Subsequently occupied by many civilizations including the Greeks Byzantines Ayyubids and Mamluks the majority of the construction as it stands today is thought to originate from the Ayyubid period.
 The North Casper Clubhouse at 1002 E. L St. in Casper Wyoming is a relatively rare example of rammed earth construction in Wyoming. It was built in 1938 by the National Youth Administration a depression-era works organization. The design was by Casper architects Goodrich and Krusmark. It served as a clubhouse.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Camp Disappointment is the northernmost campsite of the Lewis and Clark expedition on its return trip from the Pacific Northwest. The site is on private land within the Blackfeet Indian Reservation in Glacier County Montana. It is located along the south bank of Cut Bank Creek and 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Browning Montana. Glacier National Park can be seen in the distance.
 The Kunsthalle Bern is a Kunsthalle (art exposition hall) on the Helvetiaplatz in Bern Switzerland.It was built in 1917–1918 by the Kunsthalle Bern Association and opened on October 5 1918. Since then it has been the site of numerous expositions of contemporary art.
 St Chad's Church Farndon is in the village of Farndon Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is combined with that of St Mary Coddington. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 B'Nai Jacob Synagogue is a Conservative congregation in Ottumwa Iowa. Established in 1898 it was originally Orthodox. It constructed its current synagogue building in 1915 and joined the Conservative movement in the 1950s. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Eastern Slope Inn is a historic inn on Main Street in North Conway Carroll County New Hampshire.The Colonial Revival style hotel was built in 1926 by H.E. Mason.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Santa Clara Valley Medical Center is a 574-bed tertiary medical center owned and operated by the County of Santa Clara. The Medical Center is part of the Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital System. Locally it is also known as Valley Medical Center Valley Medical VMC or simply 'Valley'. SCVMC is both a research hospital and teaching hospital.
 Newark Female Charitable Society (Newark Day Center) is a group of historic buildings at 305 Halsey Street and at 41 and 43 Hill Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.The oldest and most significant building is 305 Halsey Street a 3-story red brick and terra cotta building that was built in 1886 by the Newark Female Charitable Society and designed by R. H. Rowden.
 San Marco is a church in Milan northern Italy.
 The Sylvanus Wade House located in Greenbush Wisconsin United States is a former stagecoach inn that provided lodging and meals to travelers in the era in Wisconsin just after its 1848 statehood. The three-story wooden Greek Revival building was built by Sylvanus Wade in 1850 and quickly gained landmark status for its large size and stylish appearance.
 The Scola Tower - or tower of St. John the Baptist - is a former military building located just beyond the northeastern tip (called tip Scola) of Palmaria (island) in Portovenere in the Gulf of Poets in the province of La Spezia Italy.It is part of along with the Fort Cavour and Umberto I and the Batteria Semaforo the defensive positions of Palmaria.
 Mt. Zion Christian Church is a historic church in Richmond Kentucky.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The Château du Grand-Geroldseck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. It was listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture in 1898.
 West Potomac Park is a U.S. national park in Washington D.C. adjacent to the National Mall. It includes the parkland that extends south of the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool from the Lincoln Memorial to the grounds of the Washington Monument. The park is the site of many national landmarks including the Korean War Veterans Memorial Jefferson Memorial Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial George Mason Memorial Martin Luther King Jr.
 Borden Oaks is a plantation and historic district near Greensboro Alabama USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
 The Church of St Nicholas in West Pennard Somerset England dates from the 15th century and is a Grade I listed building.From the 13th to 15th century West Pennard was a chapelry of the Church of St John the Baptist in Glastonbury. The chapel was dedicated to Saint Nicholas in 1210.The tower dates from around 1482 following the chancel and south aisle which had been built earlier in the 15th century. The north aisle was added in the 16th century.
 Johnson House is a historic home and farm complex located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. The limestone farmhouse was built about 1840 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay structure. Also on the property is a barn a shed and two corn cribs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bunker Hill is a historic home at Millersville Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a large eclectic frame dwelling which reflects several periods of growth. The final composition embodies the late-19th century Victorian Picturesque A.J. Downing cottage style of architecture. The main block which contains the principal entrance was constructed about 1820 and a large two story wing was added to the rear about 1870. Later additions occurred throughout the 20th Century.
 St. Anne's Gladstone Avenue (in earlier documents St Anne's Brockton and popularly the Group of Seven Church) in Toronto is a National Historic Site and parish of the Anglican Church of Canada. It was established in 1863 as the parish for the hamlet of Brockton Canada and is one of the seven (formerly 12) parishes of Parkdale Deanery.
 The Grand 1894 Opera House in Galveston Texas is a historic theater currently operated as a not-for-profit performing arts theater. The Romanesque Revival style Opera House is located at 2020 Post Office Street in Galveston's Strand District.
 The Federal Building-Courthouse in London Kentucky is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. It was built in 1911 under the supervision of architect James Knox Taylor and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The National Bank of New Zealand building is a historic building on the corner of Cuba Street and Vivian Street Wellington New Zealand. It is now occupied by Logan Brown Restaurant.The building designed by Claude Plummer-Jones contains an exceptionally fine main banking space. Built by day labour the structure is of concrete faced externally with Malmesbury stone for the rusticated base with sandstone for the levels above. The building is classical in style.
 The Byodo-In (平等院) Temple is a non-denominational Buddhist temple located on the island of O'ahu in Hawai'i at the Valley of the Temples. At 47-200 Kahekili Highway the Byodo-In Temple is a replica of a 900-year-old Buddhist place of worship at Uji in Kyoto prefecture of Japan. Inside the Byodo-In Temple is a nine-foot (3 m) Lotus Buddha a wooden Buddha. It is covered in gold and lacquer. Outside is a three-ton brass peace bell.
 Long Society Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse in the village of Long Society in the town of Preston Connecticut. It is one of only about a dozen surviving colonial broad side meeting houses and is last example surviving in Connecticut.The meeting house was built from 1817 to 1819 on the site of an earlier meetinghouse incorporating some elements of the earlier building.
 Lansdowne also known as Upper Deale or Lansdowne Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Centreville Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It consists of a brick dwelling and a large barn granary and several outbuildings. The house was built in two distinct periods. The earliest house dates to the late colonial period and is a two story brick three bays wide and two rooms deep with a single flush chimney on each gable.
 Grand Hyatt Atlanta in Buckhead is a 25-story building at 3300 Peachtree Road Northeast in Atlanta’s Buckhead neighborhood among restaurants and Buckhead’s shopping mall district.
 The Proctor House at 507 N. Glass in Victoria Texas was built in 1900. It was designed by Jules Leffland and was built in 1900. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 Devon Tower (formerly known as Canterra Tower) is a skyscraper in Calgary Alberta Canada. Located at 400 3rd Avenue SW it stands at 177 metres (581 ft) or 45 storeys tall. The building was completed in 1988 and was designed by WZMH Architects in the postmodern style.
 Saint Paul's Cathedral Namirembe commonly referred to as Namirembe Cathedral is the oldest cathedral in Uganda. It serves as the diocesan cathedral for Namirembe Diocese the first diocese to be founded in the Church of Uganda province in 1890. Between 1919 and 1967 the Cathedral served as the provincial cathedral of the Church of Uganda Anglican Communion. In the 1960s the headquarters of the Church of Uganda moved to All Saints Church in Nakasero.
 Gen. George Godfrey House is a historic colonial American house located at 125 County Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The Federal style house was built in 1780 for George Godfrey who served as a Brigadier General during the Revolutionary War.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. At that time the house was one of three documented houses of the Georgian and Federal periods in Taunton that exhibited true double-pile plans and early stylistic details.
 Franklinton High School is a public high school in Franklinton Louisiana United States. The current principal is Lisa Tanner starting out the 2009-2010 school year replacing long time Principal Mrs. Beverly Young. Under Ms.
 L'auberge rouge (The Red Inn) is a famous old French criminal case. Originally named the Peyrebeille Inn the Red Inn is located in the commune of Lanarce in Ardeche about 5 km from the market town. It is also located at the borders of the communities of Issanlas and Lavillatte. During the 19th century it was the site of a criminal scandal called the Red Inn affair which due to the political situation at the time took on incredible proportions.
 The Cavendish Hotel is a modern 4-star 230-bedroom luxury hotel in Central London United Kingdom. It is currently known as The Cavendish London and it is owned by Capitaland and operated by The Ascott. It is located on Jermyn Street and has a second entrance on Duke Street.
 The Brooks Tower is a 42 story residential building in downtown Denver Colorado United States. At the time of its construction in 1968 it was the tallest building in Denver standing 420 feet (130 m). In 2010 it is the thirteenth-largest building in Denver. It was also Denver's first high-rise residential building. Originally built as an apartment building Brooks Tower was converted to condominia in the 1990s.
 All Souls Unitarian Universalist Church built in 1894 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style is an historic building located at 25 Church Street in Bellville Ohio. On January 1 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Julia A. Purnell Museum is located at 208 West Market Street Snow Hill Maryland United States. The building that houses the museum was originally the St. Agnes Catholic Church built in 1891. The museum exhibits 500 years of local history.
 The Hockley Highlands Inn and Conference Centre on the East side of 3rd Line Road Mono Ontario south of Dufferin County Road 7 (Hockley Road) opposite the Hockley Valley Resort is a hotel and conference centre with 5 main buildings on 200 acres (0.81 km2) of forested land sloping towards the Hockley Valley. It has been closed since May 2007.
 Tysons Galleria is an upscale three-level super-regional mall owned by General Growth Properties located at 2001 International Drive McLean Virginia in Tysons Corner.
 The Château de Clermont (also known locally as Tour de Clermont) is a ruined 11th century castle in the commune of Chirens in the Isère département of France.From the 10th century Chirens belonged to the Clermont-Tonnerre family. They built a castle on the Clermont hill overlooking the Chirens valley. The castle was built with a triple enceinte and with an irregular pentagonal keep.
 Congregation Beth Israel known since 1970 as Mt. Zion Church of God 7th Day is a former synagogue at 203 E. 37th St. in East Flatbush Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1928 and is a two story rectangular buff brick building with Romanesque and Classical Revival style elements. It has a tripartite front facade with round arch windows.
 1 Ilica Street (Croatian: Neboder u Ilici Ilički neboder) is a building located in Ilica Street overlooking Ban Jelačić Square in the Lower Town area of Zagreb Croatia. In Croatian the building was known under the generic title Neboder (lit.
 The Little Rock U.S. Post Office and Courthouse also known as Old Post Office and Courthouse in Little Rock Arkansas is a historic post office federal office and courthouse building located at Little Rock in Pulaski County Arkansas. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
 The Ernst Flentje House is an historic house at 129 Magazine Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. This three story wood frame apartment house exhibits the adaptive reuse of buildings. It was built in 1866 as a Second Empire single family residence with a mansard roof. In 1900 it was restyled by Ernst Flentje and converted into a three unit apartment house.
 Lakeview Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Battle Creek Michigan. It opened in 1983 and features three anchor stores: JCPenney Macy's and Sears. The mall is managed by GK Development.
 The Littlefield House is an historic home in Austin Texas on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin. The home was built in 1893 for Civil War veteran George Littlefield who was a successful businessman in the bank and cattle trades and a major benefactor to UT.
 Hamilton Place is an enclosed two-story shopping mall in Chattanooga Tennessee just off I-75. It was the largest shopping mall in the state of Tennessee from 1987 to 1998; at this time it was superseded in size by Knoxville's West Town Mall. Hamilton Place is considered a sister property to Northgate Mall located in nearby Hixson.
 The Wharf of the Caravels (Spanish: Muelle de las Carabelas) is a museum in Palos de la Frontera in the province of Huelva autonomous community of Andalusia Spain. Its most prominent exhibits are replicas of Christopher Columbus's boats for his first voyage to the Americas the Niña the Pinta and the Santa María. These were built in 1992 for the Celebration of the Fifth Centenary of the Discovery of America.
 The Grand Opera House is an historic opera house located at the corner of High Avenue and Market Street in Oshkosh Wisconsin United States. It was built in 1883 and underwent a major refurbishing in 2009–2010 at an expense of two million dollars. The roof trusses were reinforced the ceilings were replaced and a large chandelier was repaired. Additionally a new Grand Lounge was added for improved audience services and to smaller events.
 Pohlmann's Hall is located in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 5 1985.
 Museum Mayer van den Bergh is a museum in Antwerp Belgium. The collection once belonged to art collector Fritz Mayer van den Bergh (1858-1901). The major works are from the Gothic and Renaissance period in the Netherlands and Belgium including paintings by Pieter Brueghel the Elder.
 Oak City Christian Church (Oak City Church of Christ) is a historic church at 310 W. Commerce Street in Oak City North Carolina.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek District Railway was a 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in (1435 mm) standard gauge railroad operating in the U.S. state of Colorado around the turn of the 20th century.
 Adam and Eve is a public house in the city of Norwich England. It is located in Bishopgate close to Norwich Cathedral the Great Hospital and Norwich Crown Court. It is widely claimed to be the oldest pub in the city with the earliest known reference made in 1249.
 St Oswald's Church is an active Anglican church in Collingham West Yorkshire England. It is in the Harrogate deanery and Diocese of Leeds. The church is on the edge of the village on Wetherby Road.
 The Bukhansanseong (Korean: 북한산성 fortress of the mountains north of the Han) is a fortress located in Gyeonggi-do and Seoul South Korea dating back to the middle Joseon period. The present fort was completed in 1711 though plans for the structure date back to 1659.
 The IDS Center (80 S. 8th St.) opened in 1972 in Minneapolis is the tallest building in Minnesota at 792 feet (241.4 m). It originally stood 775 feet 6 inches (236.4 m) though a 16-foot (4.9 m) garage for window washing equipment was added in 1978 or 1979. The structure rises to 910 feet (277.4 m) when including communications spires on the roof indisputably the highest points in the city.
 The Masonic Temple No. 25 the meeting location of Hillsborough Lodge No. 25 Free and Accepted Masons is an historic Masonic building located at 508 East Kennedy Boulevard in Tampa Florida United States. Erected in 1927 the Lodge building was designed by Brother Leo Elliott whose design for it was inspired by three medieval Italian cathedrals.
 The South Lancaster Engine House is a historic fire station at 283 S. Main Street in South Lancaster Massachusetts. The Victorian wood frame building was built in 1888 and is one of the oldest fire stations in the area still in active service.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Mother Mosque of America once known as The Rose of Fraternity Lodge and also known as Moslem Temple in Cedar Rapids Iowa United States is the longest standing mosque in North America. Built in 1934 it is the second oldest after the 1929 mosque built in tiny Ross North Dakota however that mosque was torn down in the 1970s and later rebuilt in 2005 leaving the Mother Mosque as the oldest standing. It is also slightly older than the Al-Rashid Mosque in Edmonton Alberta Canada.
 Billingshurst Unitarian Chapel is a place of worship in Billingshurst in the English county of West Sussex. The cottage-like building was erected in 1754 for General Baptists hence its original name of the Billingshurst General Baptist Chapel but the congregation moved towards Unitarian beliefs in the 19th century and still maintain these.
 The Collings Foundation is a private non-profit educational foundation located in Stow Massachusetts founded in 1979 by Robert F. Collings and Caroline Collings with a mission dedicated to the preservation and public display of transportation-related history namely automobile and aviation history. The Collings Foundation is headquartered from a small private airfield in Stow Massachusetts that includes a small museum that opens for special events and pre-scheduled tour groups.
 New York City Hall is located at the center of City Hall Park in the Civic Center area of Lower Manhattan New York City between Broadway Park Row and Chambers Street. The building is the oldest city hall in the United States that still houses its original governmental functions such as the office of the Mayor of New York City and the chambers of the New York City Council.
 The American Legion Building in Spartanburg South Carolina is a Colonial Revival building that was designed by architects Lockwood Greene and Company and was built in 1937.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 King's Lynn Minster is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in King's Lynn.
 The Basilica and Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Roman Catholic Basilica in Boston Massachusetts sometimes known as The Mission Church.
 Bridge in Upper Frederick Township is a historic stone arch bridge located at Fagleysville in Upper Frederick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1854. It has three 20-foot-long (6.1 m) spans with an overall length of 125-foot (38 m). The bridge crosses Swamp Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Biblioteca Ambrosiana is a historic library in Milan Italy also housing the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana the Ambrosian art gallery. Named after Ambrose the patron saint of Milan it was founded by Cardinal Federico Borromeo (1564–1631) whose agents scoured Western Europe and even Greece and Syria for books and manuscripts.
 Fort Herkimer Church is a historic church in East Herkimer New York.It was built in 1767 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Charles E. Johnson Building is a building located in northeast Portland Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lonaconing Furnace also known as The George's Creek Coal and Iron Company Furnace No. 1 is a historic iron furnace in Lonaconing Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a truncated square pyramid constructed of sandstone 50 feet high 50 feet square at the base and 25 feet square at the top.
 King Square Mall （王府井） is an Chinese commercial centre---named after the world famous merchandise King Square Street in Beijing will be established at a luxurious residential area north of Highway 7 around the year of 2014.
 Enniskillen Castle is situated in Enniskillen County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. It was originally built in the 16th century and now houses the Fermanagh County Museum and the regimental museum of the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers and the 5th Royal Inniskilling Dragoon Guards.
 The British Ambassador's residence in Washington D.C. is located at 3100 Massachusetts Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the Embassy Row neighborhood.It was commissioned in 1925 and designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens in 1928. It is an example of Queen Anne architecture. The embassy was the only building Lutyens designed in North America. Frederick H.
 Trump International Hotel & Tower Fort Lauderdale is the former name of an unfinished luxury condominium-hotel resort located on North Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard just a few blocks from Las Olas Boulevard. Designed by Michael Graves the building was advertised as featuring a health club spa and pool and fine dining. The building was to be a partnership between Roy Stillman of New York's Bayrock Merrimac LLC and New York real estate developer Donald J. Trump.
 St. Anthony de Padua Parish School is a historic Catholic school building located in the Southwest Center City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1897 and is a four-story red brick building with stone trim in the Romanesque Revival-style. It has rounded arched window openings a hipped roof with dormer and freestanding brick fire tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Lynnhaven House also Wishart-Boush House Wishart House and Boush House which was built circa 1725 is an example of 18th century Tidewater Virginia vernacular architecture and is located in Virginia Beach Virginia. Although it was founded by the Thelaball family it is sometimes referred to as the Boush House or the Wishart House. The house was given the name the Lynnhaven House due to its close proximity to the Lynnhaven River which flows on the same property.
 The Château de Lasserre is a ruined castle in the commune of Béraut in the Gers département of France.With origins in the 14th century the castle was adapted and altered in the 16th and 18th centuries.It has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. It is privately owned.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic church in Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the oldest of Hove's three Roman Catholic churches and one of eleven in the city area. It has been designated a Grade II Listed building.
 St George's Church Tiverton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Tiverton Devon.
 The Captain Jonathan Stone House is a historic residence in the city of Belpre Ohio United States. Built just ten years after Belpre's 1789 establishment it is the oldest existing building in the city.Born in 1751 Jonathan Stone joined the Continental Army early in the American Revolutionary War. After the Treaty of Paris he moved to the Belpre vicinity.
 Grand Rapids Cycle Company Factory was a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids Michigan. In 2007 the building was destroyed by fire.The site is now occupied by Grand Valley State University.
 Emmanuel AME Church (also known as Deliverance Temple Holy Church) is a historic church building at 710 Kent Street in Durham North Carolina. Both the bricks and land for the church were donated by Richard B. Fitzgerald a prominent African American brickmaker.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Mary of the Annunciation Roman Catholic Church is the first Roman Catholic parish in the Carolinas and Georgia. The current building at 93 Hasell St. in Charleston South Carolina is the third structure to house the congregation on this site.The property and an old building were purchased in 1789. It was incorporated as the Roman Catholic Church of Charleston by the South Carolina General Assembly in 1791.
 St Martin's Church St Martin's is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Martin's Isles of Scilly UK.
 The W. C. Record House also known as Roberts House located at 146 W. 2nd St. in Winnemucca Nevada United States was built in 1874 in a vernacular Gothic Revival style. It has a gingerbread vergeboard. It was expanded in 1879 and additionally modified during 1886-1899. It is named for its first owner W.C. Record who was a businessman in lumber and building.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Benjamin King Woodhull House is a historic home located at Wading River in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1750 and is two story side hall type dwelling of wood frame construction with secondary extensions to the south and east. Also on the property is an outhouse.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Shady Grove School in Pea Ridge Arkansas was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Calvary Presbyterian Church also known as The Old Church is a Carpenter Gothic church located in southwest Portland Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1882 it was designed by Portland architect Warren Heywood Williams. The interior includes stained glass windows made by Portland's Povey Brothers Studio.The building's use as the Calvary Presbyterian Church ceased in 1948 when it was sold to a Baptist church.
 Connecticut Farms Presbyterian Church is located at Stuyvesant and Chestnut avenues in Union Union County New Jersey United States near U.S. Route 22. It is the oldest church in the township.Since the settlement of Connecticut Farms in 1667 by emigrants from that colony residents had to travel 4–5 miles (6–9 km) over poor roads every Sunday to nearby Elizabethtown (today Elizabeth) to attend church.
 Armada Towers is a complex of three residential towers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Armada Tower 1 is the taller of the three standing at 167 m (548 ft) with 39 floors. The other two towers Armada Tower 2 and Armada Tower 3 both have 36 floors and stand at 150 m (490 ft). Begun in 2004 the towers were topped-out in 2007 and completed in 2009.
 Columbus Ironworks was built in 1853. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1969. During the civil war The industrial plant produced weapons for the confederate army. These weapons included cannons pistols rifles and swords.Today it is used as an event center. Many local high schools host dances or dinners. Christmas in the South a 3 day Christmas sale is hosted here every year.
 The Etchmiadzin Cathedral (/ɛtʃmi.ədˈziːn/ ECH-mee-UH-dzeen; Armenian: Էջմիածնի Մայր Տաճար Ēǰmiatsni Mayr Tačar) is the Mother Church of the Armenian Apostolic Church and the central building of the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin. Located in the center of the city of Vagharshapat (also known as Etchmiadzin after the cathedral) it is the first church to be built in Armenia.
 Andrew Rabb House is a historic home located at German Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1773 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay stone dwelling in a vernacular Georgian style. It measures 44 feet by 24 feet. Andrew Rabb (c. 1740-1804) was a locally prominent and wealthy distiller who was significant in the Whiskey Rebellion in Fayette County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St. John's Lutheran Church and Cemetery is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church and cemetery and national historic district located near Wytheville Wythe County Virginia. The church was built in 1854 and is a rectangular three bay by two bay frame church sheathed in weatherboard. It measures 45 feet by 55 feet has a gable roof and sits on a limestone basement. The auditorium has a gallery.
 The N. C. Wyeth House and Studio was a home of painter N. C. Wyeth in Chadds Ford Township Pennsylvania United States.After N. C. Wyeth died Mrs.
 United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Lisbon in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1857 and is a rectangular gable roofed frame building three bays wide and four bays deep. It was modified and enlarged in the late 19th century and early 20th century. Attached to the main block is a two story Sunday school wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Fraser-Hoyer House is a historic home located at West Haverstraw in Rockland County New York. It was built about 1812 and is a two story five bay rectangular frame dwelling with a hipped roof and stone foundation. It features Federal style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Harry W. Bolens House is located in Port Washington Wisconsin United States. It once served as the home of State Senator Harry W. Bolens. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Burgruine Himmelberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The National Garage in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 St. Bernard de Clairvaux Church is a medieval Spanish monastery cloister which was built in the town of Sacramenia in Segovia Spain in the 12th century but dismantled in the 20th century and shipped to New York in the United States. It was eventually reassembled in North Miami Beach Florida where it is now an Episcopal church and tourist attraction. It is one of the oldest buildings in the Western Hemisphere.
 Engine House No. 2 and Hook and Ladder No. 9 also known as Jersey Street Firehouse is a historic fire station located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built in 1875 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped brick building with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. A hook and ladder bay was added in 1897. The building was rebuilt in 1917 after a fire caused severe damage. The station was active until 1997 when it was closed as part of a consolidation in the Buffalo Fire Department.
 The James County Courthouse is a historic building located in Ooltewah Tennessee. It was built in 1913 as the third courthouse of the now defunct James County. It continued to function in that capacity until 1919 when James County went bankrupt and was absorbed by Hamilton County. In 1976 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The building was privately purchased in 2000 and is used as the Mountain Oaks Wedding Chapel.
 Winson Green Outer Circle tram stop is a tram stop in Winson Green Birmingham England. It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1. Its name is derived from its connection with the Outer Circle bus route.The pedestrian approach to the stop is decorated by Tim Tolkien's James Watt's Mad Machine. It is one of only a few Midland Metro stops to have an island platform rather than two side platforms. This is due to a lack of space at the site.
 AMK Hub (Abbreviation for Ang Mo Kio Hub; Simplified Chinese: 宏茂桥城) is a suburban shopping mall located in Ang Mo Kio within the North-East Region of Singapore. It is connected to Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange which is linked to Ang Mo Kio MRT station via an underpass. The shopping mall has 48250 square metres of gross floor area and 350000 square feet (33000 m2) of retail space.
 Sir Howard Douglas Hall commonly referred to as The Old Arts Building is the oldest university building still in use in Canada completed in 1827. The building is named after Howard Douglas and is located on the Fredericton campus of the University of New Brunswick. The lobby of the building resembles a small museum due to the historic documents and other artifacts stored there. The Edwin Jacob chapel is also located in the lobby.
 The First Congregational Church is a church located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Construction took place over a period of six years from 1889 to 1895. The building was designed by Swiss architect Henry J. Hefty in Venetian Gothic style. The interior includes stained-glass windows commissioned in 1906 made by Portland's Povey Brothers Studio.
 The Brass Rail is a restaurant in Hoboken New Jersey. Other than its cuisine the restaurant is well known for supposed paranormal activity.
 White Marsh Mall is a shopping mall in the unincorporated and planned community of White Marsh in Baltimore County Maryland USA. The White Marsh Mall is one of the largest regional malls in the Baltimore area with 6 anchor stores and 142 specialty shops in 1200000 square feet (110000 m2).
 Church of Saint Anne (Italian: Chiesa di Sant'Anna) is a Roman Catholic church in the quarter of Castelletto of Genoa Liguria north-western Italy.
 The Camp Pedricktown Air Defense Base was a Cold War Missile Master installation with a United States Army Air Defense Command Post (AADCP) in a nuclear bunker and associated search height finder and identification friend or foe radars.
 The Campbell-Christie House is a historic home that has been relocated to New Bridge Landing in River Edge Bergen County New Jersey United States.
 Armadale Juvenile Correctional Centre was built to accommodate 40 girls. It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.On 22 May 2009 a fire went through the facility killing 5 girls and injuring 13 girls. The 45 surviving prisoners who were aged 13 to 16 were temporarily placed in the Stony Hill Heart Academy in St. Andrew Parish and the Horizon Remand Centre in west Kingston.
 Suosjavrre Chapel (Norwegian: Suosjavrre kapell) is a chapel in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Šuoššjávri. The chapel is part of the Karasjok parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1968 by the architect Ernst Nilsen. The chapel seats about 75 people and serves the rural western part of the municipality.
 The Mt. Horeb Opera Block is located in Mount Horeb Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Mount de Chantal Visitation Academy was a private Catholic all-girls school in the city of Wheeling in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 Westfield Plaza Bonita formerly Shopping Town Plaza Bonita is a shopping mall in National City California owned by the Westfield Group. Its anchor stores are JCPenney AMC Theaters John's Incredible Pizza Macy's Nordstrom Rack and Target.
 Annunciation of Our Most Holy Lady Church (Latvian: Vissvētās Dievmātes Pasludināšanas pareizticīgo baznīca) is an Orthodox church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 9 Gogoļa Street.
 Campbell Cemetery near Imboden Arkansas dates from 1835. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.The National Register lists this in Randolph County Arkansas while Imboden is in Lawrence County Arkansas on the border.
 The Basilica of St. Josaphat located in the Lincoln Village neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin United States North America in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee is one of 62 minor basilicas found in the United States. In its grandeur and opulence it is an excellent example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of church architecture found in the Great Lakes region of North America. Modeled after St. Peter's Basilica in Rome it features one of the largest copper domes in the world.
 The Alva Consolidated Schools (also known as the Alva Elementary and Middle School) is a historic school in Alva Florida. It is located at 21291 North River Road. On June 10 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.This property is part of the Lee County Multiple Property Submission a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.
 Adams-Gray House is a historic building located in the vicinity of Adams Mills Ohio United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 5 December 1979.
 Beograđanka (Serbian Cyrillic: Београђанка pronounced [beǒɡradʑaːŋka] literally: the Belgrade Lady) officially Belgrade Palace (Serbian: Палата Београд Palata Beograd [palǎta beǒɡrad]) is a modern high-rise building in the Belgrade downtown area. It is 101 m (331 ft) tall. It is situated on the crossroads of Kralja Milana Resavska and Masarikova Streets.
 The Great Hollow Road Stone Arch Bridge (also known as Etna Stone Bridge) is a historic bridge on Great Hollow Road over Mink Brook approximately 100 feet north of the junction with Smith Lane in Hanover New Hampshire. The stone and concrete bridge was built in 1914 by the town. It is 33 feet (10 m) long and 24.5 feet (7.5 m) wide with a road width of 21.5 feet (6.6 m).
 The Templo Libertad is a synagogue situated in Buenos Aires Argentina. Situated on Libertad street near the famous Teatro Colón the synagogue is home to the Congregación Israelita de la República de Argentina and houses a Jewish history museum.
 Port of Spain General Hospital is a public hospital in Port of Spain Trinidad and Tobago. The main building was once a Colonial hospital constructed in 1855 using local stone and imported brick facing to provide a Classical style facade.
 Högestad Castle (Swedish: Högestads slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 St Julian's Church is an Anglican church in Kingston Buci (also known as Kingston by Sea) in the district of Adur one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex.
 Roshek Brothers Department Store was a large retail store in downtown Dubuque Iowa. The company was founded by J.J.and F.H. Roshek. In its prime Roshek's was the primary shopping destination in Dubuque and was the largest department store in the state of Iowa. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Carlisle Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Carlisle Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1931 and consists of separate administration and stable buildings executed in the Colonial Revival style. It was designed by architect Thomas H. Atherton. The administration building is a two-story stone and brick building with a gable roof and two arched dormers. The side gables feature Palladian windows.
 John A. Cuthbert House is a house built in 1811 in Beaufort South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It may be included in the Beaufort Historic District which is a National Historic Landmark.
 The Governor Thomas G. Jones House is a historic Victorian-style house in Montgomery Alabama. The two-story frame building was built in 1855. It is best known as the residence of Thomas G. Jones Alabama's 28th Governor. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1978.
 The Yu Aw Synagogue is located in the Momanda neighbourhood of the old city of Herat Afghanistan. The area was once known as Mahalla-yi Musahiya or the “Neighbourhood of the Jews”. It is the only synagogue in Herat which has been preserved with most of its original characteristics although it is currently in a state of disrepair.
 The Abraham Jaquith House was a historic colonial house at 161 Concord Road in Billerica Massachusetts.
 The Church of the Ascension is an Anglo-Catholic parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Chicago. Founded in 1857 as a mission of St. James Church it is now located on N. LaSalle Blvd. on Chicago's Near North Side. The church became a part of the Anglo-Catholic movement in 1869. The church's most recent rector the Rev. Gary P. Fertig retired in 2012; the parish is currently led by an interim rector the Rev. Milton C. Williams Jr. The new rector-elect the Rev.
 The Charles Capron House is an historic house at 2 Capron Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 story wood frame house was built in 1874 by Charles Capron a member of the locally prominent Capron family who was one of the owners of the Capron Mill and was responsible for the introduction of electricity into Uxbridge. The house is Uxbridge's finest example of Gothic Revival architecture.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Saint Nicholas Monastery (Armenian: Սուրբ Նիկողայոս Վանք Հայոց) known from the first millennium AD Armenian monastery in the old city of Jaffa Israel along the Mediterranean Sea. Located along the Jaffa's harbor the monastery consists of a large multi-story complex that includes an Armenian church and living quarters. The monastery is under the jurisdiction of the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem who rent out parts of the complex for residential and commercial purposes.
 K2 is a residential tower block in Leeds UK. The building is situated in the city centre on Albion Street and Great George Street opposite St John's Centre. The lower two floors contain commercial premises including a Jongleurs Comedy Club Bar Risa (a bar with a capacity of 1500) and formerly a Hard Rock Cafe. The building is the joint 9th tallest building in Leeds. The building has 20 stories and is 242 feet (74 m) tall. The commercial parts of the building are known as 'The Cube'.
 Assumption Cathedral also Dormition Cathedral (Russian: Успенский Собор) in the selo of Staraya Ladoga Volkhovsky District Leningrad Oblast Russia is one of the oldest churches of Russia dating from the second half of the 12th century. It is one of the few surviving pre-Mongol buildings in Russia and the northernmost one.
 The Qolşärif Mosque (pronounced [kɔlʃæˈriːf] also spelled Qol Sharif Qol Sherif and Kol Sharif via the Tatar Колшәриф мәчете Qolşärif mäçete and Kul Sharif via the Russian мечеть Кул-Шариф mechet Kul-Sharif) located in Kazan Kremlin was reputed to be – at the time of its construction — the largest mosque in Russia and in Europe outside of Istanbul.
 Linden House in Vermillion South Dakota is an example of postmodern architecture house built in 1950. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Château d'Apcher is a ruined feudal castle in the commune of Prunières in the Lozère département of France. The castle was built and altered in the 11th century with further building in the 12th and 14th centuries.It was the ancient seat of the Marquis d'Apchier one of the eight barons of Gévaudan. It was abandoned bit by bit during the 17th century. Today it is a ruin with only the keep still intact.
 The Church of St John is the parish church of Llandenny Monmouthshire Wales. It is in the Perpendicular style and is a Grade I listed building as of 27 November 1953.
 The Trudeau Landing Site (16 WF 25) also known as Tunica Village and Trudeau is an archaeological site in Tunica unincorporated West Feliciana Parish Louisiana United States. It was once occupied by the Tunica tribe.
 The Harrison Court Apartments is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lanrick Castle was a late 18th-century country house near Doune in central Scotland. It was demolished in 2002 despite being protected as a category B listed building. It was located on the south bank of the River Teith in Stirling council area.
 The US Post Office-Old Chelsea Station originally known as Station O is a historic post office building located at 217 West 18th Street in the Chelsea neighborhood of in Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1935 and designed by consulting architect Eric Kebbon for the Office of the Supervising Architect. The building is a seven bay wide two story brick building trimmed in limestone in the Colonial Revival style.
 Coral Castle is a stone structure created by the Latvian American eccentric Edward Leedskalnin (1887–1951) north of the city of Homestead Florida in Miami-Dade County at the intersection of South Dixie Highway (U.S. 1) and SW 157th Avenue. The structure comprises numerous megalithic stones (mostly limestone formed from coral) each weighing several tons. It currently serves as a privately operated tourist attraction.
 CentralPlaza Ladprao (Thai: เซ็นทรัลพลาซา ลาดพร้าว or เซ็นทรัลลาดพร้าว) is a shopping complex owned Central Pattana. The complex opened in 25 December 1982 and was the first inegrated shopping complex of Central Pattana. It is located on Phahonyothin Road at the end of Lat Phrao Road in Chatuchak District Bangkok.
 T. M. Kurtz House also known as the Pennsylvania Memorial Home is a historic home located at Punxsutawney Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 and is a three-story L-shaped brick dwelling in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a broad verandah and bow-front bay windows. It was the home of Theodore M. Kurtz (1868-1945) prominent local businessman and member of the Pennsylvania State Senate.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Saint Anthony Falls or the Falls of Saint Anthony located northeast of downtown Minneapolis Minnesota was the only natural major waterfall on the Upper Mississippi River. The natural falls were replaced by a concrete overflow spillway (also called an apron) after it partially collapsed in 1869.
 The Beaverton Downtown Historic District comprises a primarily commercial and civic portion of downtown Beaverton Oregon United States. Beaverton's historic commercial core remains largely intact as a pedestrian-oriented business district constructed along the street pattern from the city's earliest plats. Significant buildings include a handful from the city's first decades (1868–1920) and a larger number from the period of profound transformation between the world wars (1920–1940).
 Wharton Esherick Studio now housing the Wharton Esherick Museum was the studio of the craftsman-artist Wharton Esherick (1887–1970) in Malvern Pennsylvania.
 The Batesville Historic District is a national historic district located at Batesville Albemarle County Virginia. In 1999 when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places it included 33 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.
 Robert Toombs House Historic Site in Washington Georgia was the home of Robert Toombs who was a U.S. representative and U.S. senator from Georgia as well as a Confederate general and Confederate secretary of state.
 25 North Colonnade is a commercial building in Canary Wharf London occupied by the Financial Conduct Authority after having been solely occupied by its predecessor the Financial Services Authority (FSA) until early 2013. It is 80 metres (262 ft) tall with 15 floors. Built in 1991 its developer was the Canary Wharf Group and its architect was Troughton McAslan.
 Loudon Park National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Baltimore Maryland. It encompasses 5.2 acres (2.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 7138 interments. It is currently closed to new interments and is maintained by the Baltimore National Cemetery.The cemetery's civil war interments include about 2300 union soldiers and 650 confederate soldiers.
 The Stanley Mosque (Chinese: 赤柱清真寺) is a mosque in Stanley Hong Kong China. It is the fourth mosque built in Hong Kong and it is located at the Stanley Prison.
 Sacro Cuore di Gesù Agonizzante is a modern parish and titular church at Via Sant’Arcangelo di Romagna 70 in the Mezzocammino district.The Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Agony in Vitinia (Italian: Sacro Cuore di Gesù agonizzante a Vitinia Latin: Sacratissimi Cordis Iesu in agoniam facti) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built as a parish church by decree of Cardinal Clemente Micara.
 Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) in Boston Massachusetts is a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. It was formed out of the 1996 merger of Beth Israel Hospital (founded in 1916) and New England Deaconess Hospital (founded in 1896). Among independent teaching hospitals Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center consistently ranks in the top three recipients of biomedical research funding from the National Institutes of Health. Research funding totals nearly $200 million annually.
 The Ashford Mansion also known as the Ashford House is a turn of the 20th century residence located in Ashford Washington. The house was built in 1903 in the Colonial Revival style by Cora Ashford for whom the town of Ashford is also named. The building was constructed of solid grain Douglas Fir with a porch enclosing three sides of the main floor and a covered veranda on each end of the second floor.
 The Chiesa di San Nicolao is a church in Milan Italy. It was originally built in 1259.
 Western Town Hall also known as Liberty Hall is a historic town hall building located at Westernville in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1911 and is a two story gable roofed timber frame structure. It was constructed from dismantled components of the ca. 1850 Empire Hotel in Delta. It was rebuilt as Liberty Hall a social gathering hall and named in honor of General William Floyd. The second floor has an auditorium.
 The Washington and Georgetown Railroad Car House also known as the Navy Yard Car Barn or Blue Castle is an historic building located at 770 M Street Southeast Washington D.C.The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Walter C. Root in 1891.It was a repair shop for the Washington and Georgetown Railroad. With the change from cable cars to electric streetcars the building was used as a storage.
 Dr. Cornelius Nase Campbell House is a historic home located at Stanfordville in Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a gable-ended 2-story timber-frame dwelling with 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing in a vernacular Italianate style. It has a cross-gable bay windows and a cupola. It features a full-length verandah on the front facade and patterned slate shingles. In 1872 it became the President's House for the Christian Bible Institute.
 The Cathedral of Saint Mary the Crowned is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Gibraltar. It is the primary centre of Catholic worship in the Diocese of Gibraltar.
 Turtagrø is a hotel in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway near Hurrungane in Jotunheimen. The hotel has been a central meeting place for mountaineers from the late 1800s.
 St Peter's Church Westleigh is located in Firs Lane Westleigh a district of Leigh Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Leigh the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was designed by the Lancaster architects Paley and Austin. The architectural historians Pollard and Pevsner describe it as one of their most radical and thrilling churches.
 The Naval Aviation Museum is a military museum located in Bogmalo 6 km from Vasco da Gama Goa India. This museum contains exhibits that showcase the evolution of the Indian Naval Air Arm over the decades. The museum is divided into two main parts an outdoor exhibit and a two-storeyed indoor gallery. The Museum was inaugurated in October 1998 and is one of the Two Military Aviation Museums in India the other being the Indian Air Force Museum Palam in Delhi.
 Liberty Hall is a historic town hall in Machiasport Maine.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The town closed the building in 2000 due to structural conditions and renovation efforts are currently underway by the Friends of Liberty Hall.
 The Princess Hotel Sofia is a 4-star hotel in Sofia Bulgaria. It has 601 hotel rooms a luxury lobby bar and a restaurant. The hotel is located near the Central Bus Station and the Central Railway Station
 St. Giles' Church Cropwell Bishop is a parish church in the Church of England in Cropwell Bishop Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Pocahontas County Courthouse located in Pocahontas Iowa was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Thompson-Wohlschlegel Round Barn near Harper Kansas is a round barn that was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Sant'Alessandro in Zebedia is a church in Milan Italy.
 The J. Tawes Historical Museum is located on the Somers Cove Marina Crisfield Maryland United States. The museum focuses on the history of the Lower Shore region including the local people towns and industry.
 The Carrie Eliza Getty Tomb located in Graceland Cemetery in Chicago Illinois United States was commissioned in 1890 by the lumber baron Henry Harrison Getty for his wife Carrie Eliza. It was designed by the noted American architect Louis Sullivan of the firm Adler & Sullivan. Getty became familiar with Sullivan's work from the architect's various Loop projects as well as from the mausoleum (also in Graceland) Sullivan designed for Getty's late partner Martin Ryerson.
 The Tribunal in Glastonbury Somerset England was built in the 15th century as a medieval merchant's house. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The house owes its name to the fact that it was formerly mistakenly identified with the Abbey’s tribunals where secular justice was administered. In the 16th century a new facade was added to the original building. It is now in the guardianship of English Heritage and managed by Glastonbury Tribunal Ltd.
 St Mary's Church Bunny is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Bunny Nottinghamshire.
 Waikato Hospital is a major regional hospital in Hamilton New Zealand. It provides specialised and emergency healthcare for the Midlands and Waikato area with patients referred there from feeder hospitals like Whakatane Lakes area Tauranga Thames Tokoroa and Rotorua.
 Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites is a historic state park located at 29.888° -96.876° just off U.S. Route 77 south of La Grange Texas. The park sits on a sandstone bluff above the Colorado River. Monument Hill is a crypt and memorial to the men who died in the Dawson Massacre and the Black Bean Death Lottery of the failed Mier Expedition.
 The Pennsylvania State Capitol is the seat of government for the U.S. state of Pennsylvania and is in downtown Harrisburg. It was designed in 1902 in a Beaux-Arts style with Renaissance themes throughout. The capitol houses the chambers for the Pennsylvania General Assembly made up of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Harrisburg chambers for the Supreme and Superior Courts of Pennsylvania as well as the offices of the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor.
 The Pierce House is a historic house at 128 Salem Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1875 and 1880 for Samuel Pierce owner of the nearby Pierce Organ Pipe Factory.
 St Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church in Caversham a suburb of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is situated close to the River Thames in Caversham Heights.
 Coyote Ridge Corrections Center is a medium security prison located in Connell Washington. Coyote Ridge is the largest prison facility in the state. Inmates of Coyote Ridge typically have more than five years up to life to serve. Attached to the main facility is the minimum-security camp where inmates must have four years or less on their sentences. The camp buildings look more like those of an average community college complete with landscaping.
 Utica Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located in Utica in Oneida County New York. It is a structural steel structure with brick curtain walls built in 1930 for Troop A 121st Cavalry and designed by State architect William Haugaard.It consists of a two-story administration building with an attached three story drill shed.
 The John N. A. Griswold House also known as the Newport Art Museum and Art Association on 76 Bellevue Avenue in Newport Rhode Island is home to the Newport Art Museum and is a National Historic Landmark. The home was built in 1864 by Richard Morris Hunt for John Griswold an Old China Trade merchant. The house is one of the earliest American Stick–style buildings and one of Hunt's first works in Newport.
 Santa Maria della Visitazione al Ponte delle Lame is a church or sanctuary in central Bologna.At one time the church was built around an oratory in the middle of a bridge and surrounded by the Reno Canal. It was founded in 1527 when an icon in a tabernacle on the bridge became the site for prayers during an epidemic of the plague. After the epidemic ebbed an oratory was built at the site of the tabernacle. The structure is presently deconsecrated.
 The SCMaglev and Railway Park (リニア・鉄道館　～夢と想い出のミュージアム～ Rinia Tetsudōkan: Yume to Omoide no Myūjiamu) is a railway museum owned by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) in Nagoya Japan. The museum opened on 14 March 2011.The museum features 39 full-size railway vehicles and one bus exhibit train cab simulators and railway model dioramas.
 Dickinson-Milbourn House is a historic home located near Jonesville Lee County Virginia. It was built between 1844 and 1848 and is a two-story five-bay gable roofed brick dwelling. It has a central passage plan and a pair of semi-exterior end brick chimneys at each gable end. Also on the property is the contributing large brick smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Andrew Johnson Building is a high-rise office building in downtown Knoxville Tennessee United States. Completed in 1930 the 203-foot (62 m) structure was Knoxville's tallest building for nearly a half-century. The building was originally home to the Andrew Johnson Hotel and is now used for office space by Knox County.
 Orlík Castle is a chateâu located 500 m northeast of the village of Orlík nad Vltavou in the northern part of the District of Písek in the South Bohemia Region of the Czech Republic. The original position of the chateâu on a rock 60 m above the Vltava valley was altered by the creation of the Orlík reservoir in 1954-62 and the chateâu is now barely a few metres above the water level.The meaning of the name Orlík stems from the word young eagle (Czech: Orel).
 Carrie Furnace is a derelict former blast furnace located along the Monongahela River in the Pittsburgh area industrial town of Rankin Pennsylvania. It had formed a part of the Homestead Steel Works. The Carrie Furnaces were built in 1884 and they operated until 1982. During its peak the site produced 1000 to 1250 tons of iron per day.
 The James Friend House is a historic First Period house at 114 Cedar Street in Wenham Massachusetts USA. It was built by James Friend a local carpenter probably not long after he received a grant in 1699 to cut timber on public land. The house is a 2.5 story wood frame house with a center chimney. Its main facade is a slightly asymmetrical five bays wide even though it was apparently originally built to that plan rather than in stages.
 Gay Farm is a historic colonial house located on the north side of Nichewaug Hill in Petersham Massachusetts. Built in 1740 by William Negus the house is the oldest surviving building in Petersham. Negus' family owned the home until 1819 when Joel Stearns purchased the property. Thomas Howe purchased the home in 1847 and Charles M.
 The Church of St Peter & St Paul in Combe Florey Somerset England has some remains from the 13th century but is mostly from the 15th century and is designated as a Grade I listed building.The church is built of Old Red Sandstone with Hamstone around the windows and doorways. It has a three-bay nave with north aisle and west three-stage tower. The chancel is of Victorian construction.
 Gamvik Church (Norwegian: Gamvik kirke) is a parish church in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Gamvik. The church is part of the Gamvik parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The Oak Hill Railroad Depot is a historic depot in Oak Hill West Virginia United States. The depot is located on the southwest corner of Virginia Avenue and Central Avenue. It opened as a station on the White Oak Railway in 1903 and later became part of the Virginian Railway which it served until 1957. From this year until closure in 1983 it operated as a depot for the Norfolk and Western Railway.
 The Galt Historic Railway Park collects preserves restores exhibits and interprets artifacts which represent the history and social impact of the steam era in southern Alberta and the coal era with emphasis on Galt Railway and the 1890 International Train Station Depot North West Territories from Coutts/Sweetgrass.The Museum is affiliated with: CMA CHIN and Virtual Museum of Canada Canadian Council for Rail Heritage Canadian Rail Museum AssociationRocky Mountain Rail Society West Coast Rail Association.
 The Christian Turck House currently serves as a museum at Old World Wisconsin in Eagle Wisconsin United States. It is now referred as the Schottler House. Originally it was located in Germantown Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 25 1973.
 Gay Street is a street in Knoxville Tennessee United States that traverses the heart of the city's downtown area. Since its development in the 1790s Gay Street has served as the city's principal financial and commercial thoroughfare and has played a primary role in the city's historical and cultural development. The street contains Knoxville's largest office buildings and oldest commercial structures.
 Folsom State Prison is a California State Prison located in the city of Folsom California 20 mi (32 km) northeast from the state capital of Sacramento. Opened in 1880 Folsom is the second-oldest prison in the state of California after San Quentin and was the first in the country to have electricity. Folsom was one of the first maximum security prisons and as such witnessed the execution of 93 condemned prisoners over a 42-year period.
 St. Paul A.M.E. Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Church located at Park Ave and N. 5th St. in Columbia Missouri. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Anderson-Frank House (also known as the James Buchannan Anderson House) is a historic home in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 341 Plant Avenue. On April 22 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The architects credited with designing the house are Francis J. Kennard and Michael J. Miller.
 The McDaniel-Tichenor House located in Monroe Georgia United States was built in 1887 for retiring Governor Henry McDaniel. Originally designed by Athens Georgia architect William Winstead Thomas in the then-popular Victorian Italianate Villa style the house was extensively remodeled in the 1930s by Nashville architect and son-in-law of Edgar and Gipsy Tichenor Francis Boddie Warfield.
 Beaufort or Belfort (Shaqif Arnun or Qala'at al-Shaqif in Arabic) is a Crusader fortress in Nabatieh Governorate Southern Lebanon about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) to the south-south-east of the village of Arnoun. There was a fortification on the site before it was captured by Fulk King of Jerusalem in 1139 and construction of the Crusader castle probably began soon after. Saladin captured Beaufort in 1190 but 60 years later Crusaders re-took it.
 Audie L. Murphy Memorial VA Hospital (STVHCS) is a care facility affiliated with the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio in Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is operated by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.The hospital is named for Medal of Honor recipient and Texas native son Audie Murphy who died in a plane crash on 28 May 1971. That same year U.S.
 Westgate Mall is an indoor shopping mall in Bethlehem Pennsylvania. It is located in the Lehigh Valley. It is located near US Route 22 on Schoenersville Road.
 The Van Marter Building located at 423-427 East Beale Street in Kingman Arizona was built in 1921 and has been listed in the National Register of Historic Placed since May 14 1986. The building was built with a Mission/Spanish Revival architectural style. J. B. Lammers of Flagstaff Arizona was the contractor.The building was the business location for Van Marter Enterprizes housing his mortician and shoemaker shops.
 The William Watts Sherman House is a notable house designed by American architect H. H. Richardson with later interiors by Stanford White. The house is generally acknowledged as one of Richardson's masterpieces and the prototype for what later became known as the Shingle Style in American architecture. It is located at 2 Shepard Avenue Newport Rhode Island and is now owned by Salve Regina University. It is a contributing property to the Bellevue Avenue Historic District.
 Stanford Hall is a grade II* listed 18th century English country house in Nottinghamshire England in Stanford on Soar just north of Loughborough.It is constructed in red brick with ashlar dressings with a hipped slate roof topped with a painted balustrade. It is built in two storeys with a 7 bay frontage.
 The Eben S. and Elizabeth S. Chase House located at 203 E. Bullion St. in Hailey Idaho is a historic house that was built in 1885. It was first the home of Italian immigrant Peter Snider who owned the Challenger Mine. It was also the home of U. S. Marshal E. S. Chase who with John Hailey A. H. Boomer and W.T. Riley had the townsite of Hailey surveyed and platted in 1881.
 The Nelson Farm is a historic farmstead in rural Merrick County in the east central part of the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States.
 The Ephraim Cutter House is a historic house at 4 Water Street in Arlington Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame Federal style house was built c. 1804 for Ephraim Cutter owner of Arlington's largest mill. The house is one of the few surviving Federal period buildings in Arlington and is notable for its elaborate entrance portico (likely a later addition) although its doorway sidelight framing is Federal in style.
 Protestant Foster Home is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1875 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 13 1986.
 The Anglican Church of St. John the Evangelist also known simply as St. John's is located in Izmir Turkey.
 The Thomas Maskel House is located in Greenwich Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1703 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 10 1975.
 Joseph Brant Hospital is a hospital in Burlington Ontario.
 Fa'side Castle (Faside Estate) has previously been known as Fawside Falside Ffauside Fauxside or Fawsyde and is a 15th-century keep located in East Lothian in Scotland. The castle is approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Tranent and 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of Musselburgh. The building was restored in the 1980s and is now protected as a category B listed building.
 The John Wescott Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 454 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a Queen Anne triple decker (built c. 1892) which is unusual in part for its orientation with the long axis parallel to the street. This adaptation was done to fit the building onto a long narrow lot. The entry is slightly off-center in a section with porches on all three floors. The porches have turned balusters and posts.
 Church of the Covenant is a Presbyterian Church located in Washington Pennsylvania. It operates under the Presbyterian Church U.S.A. denomination under the Synod of the Trinity and the Presbytery of Washington. The church has historically maintained a strong relationship with the neighboring Washington & Jefferson College.
 The Thompson-Fasbender House located at 649 West 4th Street in Hastings Minnesota is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1880 by William Thompson who came to Minnesota in 1857 from Maine. He was a banker wheat-buyer and land-owner who also was part-owner of a saw mill and door and sash factory. His access to woodworkers is reflected in the home's finishing.
 The Hampton Roads Naval Museum is one of the 12 Navy museums that are operated by the Naval History & Heritage Command. It celebrates the long history of the U.S. Navy in the Hampton Roads region of Virginia. It is co-located with the Nauticus National Maritime Center in downtown Norfolk Virginia. In 2009 the Hampton Roads Naval Museum was accredited by the American Association of Museum Accreditation the gold standard for museum accreditation.
 First Presbyterian Church (also known as Christian Science Society) is a historic church building at 101 E. Washington Avenue in McAlester Oklahoma.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Museum of London Docklands (formerly known as Museum in Docklands) is a museum on the Isle of Dogs east London that tells the history of London's River Thames and Docklands.
 Aston Hall is a Grade I listed Jacobean house in Aston Birmingham England designed by John Thorpe and built between 1618 and 1635. In 1864 the house was bought by Birmingham Corporation becoming the first historic country house to pass into municipal ownership and is still owned by Birmingham City Council. It is now a community museum managed by the Birmingham Museums Trust and is open to the public during the summer months after a major renovation completed in 2009.
 Niskayuna Reformed Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at 3041 Troy-Schenectady Road in Niskayuna in Schenectady County New York. It was built in 1852 and is a brick gable-roofed building in the Greek Revival style. It has brick pilasters and a brick frieze around the entire building. It features a two stage central tower consisting of a square section surmounted by an open hexagonal belfry. The adjacent cemetery contains burials dating to the late 18th century.
 St Matthew's Church Northampton is a Church of England parish church in Northampton within the Diocese of Peterborough.
 The Chute Pond Dam is located in Mountain Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 South Bushwick Reformed Protestant Dutch Church Complex also known as the White Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church in Bushwick Brooklyn New York. The complex consists of the church and attached Sunday School building. The church was organized in 1851 by members of the Bushwick Reformed Church that dates back to 1654. Himrod St. was named after South Bushwick's first pastor. The church is a two story frame clapboard sided building finished in 1853.
 The William Clark House also known as the North Ward Center is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1879 at a cost of $200000 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 10 1977. The house is a 28 room Queen Anne style designed by William Halsey Wood. The house was built for William Clark of the Clark Thread Company.
 The Crum Road Bridge is a historic bridge near Walkersville Frederick County Maryland United States. It spans Israel Creek southeast of Walkersville. The bridge is an iron bowstring pony truss bridge that is 62 feet (19 m) in length and 15.8 feet (4.8 m) in width. It was built about 1875 probably by the King Iron Bridge Company of Cleveland Ohio.The Crum Road Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The National Museum of History (NMH; Chinese: 國立歷史博物館; pinyin: Guólì Lìshǐ Bówùguǎn) is located in the Nanhai Academy in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan and exhibits Chinese historical items. After the Republic of China government moved to Taiwan the National Museum of History was the first museum established.
 Sunrise also known as MacCorkle Mansion is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It wasbuilt in 1905 by West Virginia's ninth governor William A. MacCorkle (1857-1930). It is a long three-story stone mansion. Its gabled roof is dotted with dormers and chimneys and surmounts an intricate but wide cornicewhich gives the illusion that the house is smaller than it actually is.
 Denny Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of St. Armand in Essex County New York. It was built about 1910 and is an L shaped frame building on a fieldstone foundation with a cobblestone chimney and gable roof. It features an L shaped screened in porch with its roof supported by Roman Doric order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Saint Mary's Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located on Bo Aung Kyaw Street in Botahtaung Township Yangon Burma. The cathedral's exterior of red brick consists of spires and a bell tower. It was designed by Dutch architect Jos Cuypers son of Pierre Cuypers. The cathedral is the largest in Burma. Located on the grounds of the cathedral is Basic Education High School No.
 Westgate is an upscale shopping mall located in the Westlands neighbourhood of Nairobi Kenya. A 2013 terrorist attack on the mall (September 21-24) resulted in the death of at least 72 people including 61 civilians six security personnel and five attackers with 175 non-fatal injuries. Three floors of the mall eventually collapsed.
 The Peabody Court Apartments are a historic apartment building at 41-43 Linnaean Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story Colonial Revival brick building was built in 1922. The H-shaped building has deep courtyards and is trimmed with limestone elements including corner quoins window sills and keystone lintels.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Mary Plantation House is located downriver from Braithwaite Louisiana. It was built in 1820 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13 1983.Situated on the east bank of the Mississippi River the building is the oldest home in Plaquemines Parish. Although the early history of the location is uncertain according to one architectural historian a house was built on the site in about 1795 enlarged in the 1820s and went through a number of owners.
 St. Luke's Church (German: St. Lukas or Lukaskirche) is the largest Protestant church in Munich southern Germany. It was built in 1893-1896 designed by Albert Schmidt. St. Luke's is the only almost perfectly preserved Lutheran parish church of the historical Munich. St. Lukas is located on the banks of the Isar between the Steinsdorfstraße and Mariannenplatz. Although the ground belongs to Mariannenplatz (Mariannenplatz 3) the main entrance is found at the Steinsdorfstraße.
 St. Florian's Cathedral more formally known as the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel and St. Florian the Martyr (Polish: Katedra Świętego Michała Archanioła i Świętego Floriana) is a Catholic church and historical landmark at ul. Floriańska 3 (English: 3 Florian Street) in eastern Warsaw. The 75-meter towers of St. Florian’s dominate the Praga district and highlight the cathedral’s role as a form of protest against the Russian domination of Poland.
 St Luke's Church is in the village of Winmarleigh Lancashire England. It is an active Church of England parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe. The church was built in 1875–1876 by Paley and Austin and is designated a Grade II listed building.
 Manresa Jesuit Spiritual Renewal Centre is a centre for Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Pickering Ontario. It was founded in 1924 and was built in 1945. It is situated next to Pine Ridge Secondary School just off Finch Avenue in north Pickering.
 Foster Memorial Home is a historic sanatorium located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1924 to serve as a home for elderly widows. It is a three story dark red brick building with limestone trim in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Opened in 1962 the Albert B. Chandler Hospital along Rose Street at the University of Kentucky in Lexington Kentucky is a component of the UK HealthCare. It is named for twice-former Governor of Kentucky A. B. Happy Chandler.
 The West Montgomery Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Rockville Montgomery County Maryland. It is a residential area with single-family homes predominating. The majority of the properties within the district date from the 1880s with a few older homes and somewhat more from later periods.
 The Shops of Saddle Creek is the first shopping center in the nation developed as a lifestyle center. It is located in the eastern Memphis Tennessee suburb of Germantown and it contains national specialty shops and restaurants including The Apple Store Chico’s Coldwater Creek J.Jill J.Crew Talbots Williams-Sonoma and more.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church built in the late 1760s is an historic Episcopal church located at 5486 St. Paul's Road off Virginia Route 206 in the Owens area of King George Virginia USA. It is the parish church of historic St. Paul's Parish which was formed in the early 1660s. On May 25 1973 St. Paul's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wilmot United Brethren Church is a historic church on Massillon Street (OH 62) in Wilmot Ohio.It was built in 1869 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Halse Hall is a plantation great house in Clarendon Jamaica.During the Spanish occupation of Jamaica the estate was known as Hato de Buena Vista. In 1655 following the English capture of Jamaica the site was given to Major Thomas Halse who came from Barbados with Penn and Venables. Here he raised hogs grazed cattle and built Halse Hall. The house had thick walls and served as the centre of the estate and a rallying point for defence.
 Santi Aquila e Priscilla is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to saints Aquila and Priscilla in the quartiere Portuense (Q.XI) of Rome on via Pietro Blaserna. The church was consecrated on November 15 1992.In 1994 John Paul II designated it as a cardinal's titular church and the current Cardinal-Priest is Cardinal Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino Archbishop of Havana.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Hatch Beauchamp Somerset England was built in the Norman period and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church has a crenellated 3-stage tower from about 1500. It displays crocketed pinnacles a pierced parapet with quatrefoils and arcades in the merlons and gargoyles. The church has diagonal buttresses to support the tower whereas in other churches angle buttresses are the norm.
 The Joseph T. Smitherman Historic Building also known by a variety of other names throughout its history is a historic Greek Revival building in Selma Alabama. Completed in 1847 it has served many functions in the more than 160 years of its existence. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 20 1975 due to its architectural and historical significance. It currently houses the Vaughan-Smitherman Museum a museum depicting Selma's history.
 Community Regional Medical Center is a regional hospital in Fresno California.
 Union Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Jones Tabernacle AME Church and Parish House is a historic Methodist Episcopal church and parish house located in the North Central neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted Philadelphia architects Hazelhurst & Huckel and built in 1888-1889 of cut stone in the Richardsonian Romanesque-style.
 Old Stone Tavern also known as Rock House is a historic inn and tavern located near Atkins Smyth County Virginia. It was built about 1815 and is a two-story three bay limestone structure with a central-hall plan. A frame rear ell was added in the mid-19th century. It has a side gable roof. The front facade features a mid-19th century porch supported by chamfered columns connected on each level by a decorative cyma frieze and sawn balustrade.
 Cameron Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Cameron Marshall County West Virginia. It encompasses 27 contributing buildings in the commercial core developed after a severe fire in 1895 which destroyed much of the downtown area. They are large 2-4 story brick buildings reflecting the Classical Revival and Colonial Revival styles. Notable buildings include the Masonic Lodge 17 (c. 1900) Romine Building/Moose Lodge 758 (c.
 Massac Memorial Hospital is a 25-bed general medical and surgical hospital located in Metropolis Illinois. In 2011 the hospital had 1002 admissions 10031 emergency room visits and 25365 outpatient visits.
 Residence Lopez also known as Residence Herrera Lopez in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital is a hospital in Richmond Hill Ontario Canada and one of three in York Regional Municipality.
 Dr. Louis J. Martel House is a historic house at 122-124 Bartlett Street in Lewiston Maine.The house was built in 1883 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Dardasht minarets (Persian: مناره های دردشت‎) are two historical minarets in Isfahan Iran. These minarets are on a portal in the neighborhood of Soltan Bakht Agha Mausoleum. These minarets date back to the era of the Muzaffarids.
 The Frequency Changing Station in Spokane Washington is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad in 1908 to house electrical equipment used by the electric railway. Power was generated at the Nine Mile Falls dam and transmitted to the Frequency Changing Station. The station provided direct current to the streetcar network within the city of Spokane.
 Strandlandet Church (Norwegian: Strandlandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Straumnes on the northwestern part of the island of Austvågøya. The church is part of the Strandlandet parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1938 to serve the eastern part of the old municipality of Gimsøy.
 The Bulwagan ng Panginoon (Tagalog The Lord's Hall) is a Christian megachurch in the Philippines that is managed by the Day by Day Christian Ministries (DBD) since 2005.The area where the church is situated is leased from the CCP due to numerous concerns at the time though the church is known as DBD's flagship church and is known for being a venue for massive Christian gatherings.
 Glen Park Municipal Swimming Pool is a historic swimming pool in River Falls Wisconsin. The complex includes a pool and two American Craftsman Style buildings. The pool was built as a Civil Works Administration project during the Great Depression. Work on the pool began in 1933-34 and continued through 1937 with additional support from the Public Works Administration and Works Progress Administration. Engineer Herman T.
 The J. W. and Ann Lowe Clary House located at 305 N. East St. in Benton Arkansas is a historic house built in 1926. It includes Bungalow/Craftsman and Tudor Revival architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. In its NRHP nomination it was deemed locally significant as an excellent example of a Tudor Revival-style residence with some residual Craftsman influence.
 St Peter's Church Stockport is the second oldest parish church in the town of Stockport Greater Manchester England. The church stands in St Peter's Square (grid reference SJ894904) and is a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Stockport. Its benefice was combined with that of St Thomas Stockport until 30 April 2012.
 The Baitul Huda (House of Guidance) in Usingen is a mosque in Germany run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) and was inaugurated on September 7 2004 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad.Its two prayer rooms are 77 m² each. The community in Usingen has 160 members.The mosque was partially burned in the morning of December 23 2004. A lot of people of Usingen made donations for the reconstruction of the mosque. After the reconstruction a tree in the entrance was plant as a sign of friendship.
 Norfolk Southern Tower is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. The building is notable as being the corporate headquarters of one of the United States' eight Class I railroads Norfolk Southern.
 Franklin Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin Pendleton County West Virginia. The district encompasses 111 contributing buildings mostly residences. It also includes the central business district much of it rebuilt after a fire in 1924. Most of the residences are in the Queen Anne or American Foursquare style with commercial Greek Revival and Italianate-style buildings.
 St. James Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at 1826 Edenside Avenue in the Highlands section of Louisville Kentucky. March 1 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. James Roman Catholic Church Rectory and School.
 Buena Vista Winery is a winery located in Sonoma California United States. It is the oldest commercial winery in California. It was founded by Agoston Haraszthy in 1857. The winery is located on its original grounds just east of Sonoma California.
 Saint Joseph's Church (Chinese: 圣若瑟堂) is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore. It is located along Victoria Street in the Rochor Planning Area within the Central Area of Singapore's central business district. The church was constructed from 1906 to 1912 with its foundation-stone laid two years earlier. The building was built in the Gothic style by the Portuguese Mission.Saint Joseph's Church is most noted for its annual Good Friday procession during which Christ's Passion is honoured.
 The Hooper-Bowler-Hillstrom House was built in 1871 in Belle Plaine Minnesota United States by Sandford A. Hooper a local businessman and promoter of the town. In 1886 it conveyed to Samuel Bowler a founder of the State Bank of Belle Plaine and lumber-yard owner. Bowler added a new kitchen buttery and a five-hole two-story outhouse that is connected to the house via a skyway. He also added a copper-lined bathtub.
 Ringvassøy Church (Norwegian: Ringvassøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Hansnes on the island of Ringvassøya. The church is part of the Karlsøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The John Bickford House is a historic late First Period house at 235 Elm Street in North Reading Massachusetts. The c. 1735 two story timber frame house has relatively conservative First Period features despite its somewhat (comparatively) late construction date which may be due to John Bickford's strong connections with nearby Salem.
 The St. Vincent DePaul Catholic Church Convent and School is a historic church located at 46408 Woodward Avenue in Pontiac Michigan.It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1987 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Augsburg Hospital (Klinikum Augsburg) is one of the largest medical centers in Germany located in Augsburg. It is a teaching hospital of the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and the only hospital of maximal care in Swabia (Bavaria).Today the hospital boasts nearly 1750 beds and employs approximately 5300 people including over 750 doctors.
 Pirelli Tower (Italian: Grattacielo Pirelli - also called Pirellone literally Big Pirelli) is a 32-storey 124.1 m (407 ft) skyscraper in Milan Italy. The base of the building is 1900 m2 (20000 sq ft) with a length of 75.5 m (248 ft) and a width of 20.5 m (67 ft). The construction used about 30000 m3 (1100000 cu ft) of concrete.
 Greenville Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Greenville Georgia.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register on February 5 2002.
 Hampden County Courthouse is a historic courthouse on Elm Street in Springfield Massachusetts designed by Henry Hobson Richardson. This was the county's second courthouse. The first courthouse was built in 1822 but by the 1860s popular pressure was developing for a new courthouse. A grand jury indicted the county commissioners in 1869 for official misconduct since the courthouse did not have fireproof storage for the registry of deeds and the safekeeping of public records.
 505 North Ervay also known as the Reserve Loan Life Building is a mid-rise skyscraper located in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA). Originally an office building today it is part of the First Baptist Church of Dallas campus.
 Joseph Harp Correctional Center is an Oklahoma Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Lexington Cleveland County Oklahoma. The medium-security facility opened in September 1978 and with a capacity of 1045 inmates is the largest medium-security prison in the state.
 Skålvær Church (Norwegian: Skålvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the island of Skålvær. The church is part of the Tjøtta parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1889 and seats about 200 people. The church generally has a
 The Maple Street Chapel is a historical Gothic Revival building in Lombard Illinois USA. It is owned by The First Church of Lombard.
 The Moiad Church (Romanian: Biserica „Sfântul Ierarh Nicolae”) is a church in Moiad Romania consecrated on May 23 1937 by Valeriu Traian Frențiu.
 The Unitarian Church of the Messiah at Locust and Garrison Sts. in St. Louis Missouri was built in 1880. It was designed by architects Peabody & Stearns in Late Victorian. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was demolished in 1987 following damage from a 1982 fire.It was removed from the National Register in 1994.
 The Rheinturm (pronounced [ˈʁaɪ̯ntʊʁm]) (Rhine Tower) is a 240.5 metre high concrete telecommunications tower in Düsseldorf capital of the federal state (Bundesland) of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Construction commenced in 1979 and finished in 1981. The Rheinturm carries aerials for directional radio FM and TV transmitters. It stands 174.5 metres high and houses a revolving restaurant and an observation deck at a height of 170 metres.
 Stacy's Tavern is a historic wayside stagecoach inn on the National Register of Historic Places located in DuPage County Illinois in the village of Glen Ellyn. It was added to the register on October 29 1974.
 St. Michael and All Angels Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the Copeland Park / Belair neighbourhood of Ottawa Canada. The priest is the Rev. Dr. Linda Privitera (Nov.2008).
 La Vale Tollgate House is a historic toll house in La Vale Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a two story brick structure built in 1835-1836 with seven sides--a basic polygon plan. A one-story Tuscan-columned porch extends around the five outer sides of the polygonal portion. On top is a non-functional reconstructed cupola.
 Royal Inland Hospital is a medical facility located in Kamloops British Columbia serving a cachement area of 225000.Interior Health Authority is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
 Bowral and District Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the Southern Highlands region in New South Wales Australia. The hospital is centrally located in the town of Bowral and is the only hospital operated outside the Sydney metropolitan area by the South Western Sydney Local Health District.
 The Granite Run Mall is a double-level shopping mall located on U.S. Route 1 in Middletown Township Delaware County Pennsylvania a western suburb of Philadelphia.
 The Maria Skłodowska-Curie Museum (Polish: Muzeum Marii Skłodowskiej-Curie) is a museum in Warsaw Poland devoted to the life and work of Polish two-time Nobel laureate Maria Skłodowska-Curie (1867–1934).
 Agana Shopping Center is a shopping center located in downtown Hagåtña in the United States territory of Guam. Opening in 1978 the mall is one of numerous malls on Guam. Main competitors include Micronesia Mall Guam's largest shopping mall and Guam Premier Outlets in Tamuning. The mall includes five theatres called Agana Center Stadium Theatres because of its true stadium seating capacity.The shopping center was severely damaged when a typhoon struck the island in 2002.
 Sunnyside is a historic house on 10 acres (4 ha) of grounds alongside the Hudson River in Tarrytown New York. It was formerly the home of American author Washington Irving best known for his short stories The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Rip Van Winkle and is a National Historic Landmark.
 The Busan Marine Natural History Museum is a museum displaying exhibits on marine natural history of Busan and located in Dongnae-gu Busan. It was founded in 1994. The purpose of the foundation is to preserve to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.
 Franklin Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin in Delaware County New York. The district contains 242 contributing buildings four contributing sites and one contributing object. The majority of the buildings are residential with three churches 12 commercial buildings one industrial structure five institutional and/or public buildings four historic cemeteries and one monument.
 Ward-Force House and Condit Family Cook House is located in Livingston Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1745 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 1981.
 The Great Stone Dam (also called the Lawrence Dam or Lawrence Great Dam) was built between 1845 and 1848 on the site of Bodwell's Falls on the Merrimack River in what became Lawrence Massachusetts in 1847.It is the site of a hydroelectric plant (completed in 1981) owned by Enel (now parent company of the Essex Company which still owns the dam). and the Lawrence Hydroelectric Associates The dam feeds two canals (North re-built in 1848 and South completed in 1896).
 Church Street School in Nutley Essex County New Jersey United States also known an Nutley Museum was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It contains items from local history as well as Annie Oakley artifacts.
 The Bear Lake Comfort Station also known as the Bear Lake Generator Building in Rocky Mountain National Park was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs is the National Park Service Rustic style and was built in 1940. It was converted for use as a generator house at an unknown date and apparently no longer serves its former purpose as a public toilet. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 29 1988.
 St. Faith's Church Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes Isle of Wight. In October 2013 the Diocese of Portsmouth revealed plans to close the church and merge the parish into a team ministry with other nearby churches.
 InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort is 5 star luxury resort & spa in Da Nang Vietnam. It is one of the flagship resorts under the management of InterContinental Hotels Group in Vietnam. The resort opened on June 1 2012.
 Vintage Wings of Canada is a not for profit charitable organization with a collection of historically significant aircraft. The facility is located at the Gatineau-Ottawa Executive Airport Quebec Canada. It was founded by former Cognos CEO and philanthropist Michael U. Potter.
 The Newton Cannon House in College Grove Tennessee was the home of Newton Cannon who was a U.S. Congressman and Governor of Tennessee. The earliest section of the building was built circa 1800 as a log structure. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. After the house was burned in an arson fire it was removed from the National Register in 1987.
 Barlin Acres (or the Keyes-Dakin House) was an historic house at 284 School Street in Boylston Massachusetts. The area was first settled in 1718 by Thomas Keyes whose son Cyprian built a house on the property in 1734. Keyes' property was eventually acquired by George Sumner Barton and his wife Elizabeth Trumbull Lincoln. They named the property Barlin Acres by combining parts of their last names and expanded the house.
 St Paul's Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in the city of Dundee Scotland. It is the Cathedral and administrative centre of the Diocese of Brechin in the Scottish Episcopal Church.
 Weston and Gauley Bridge Turnpike is a historic turnpike located at Burnsville Braxton County West Virginia. It is a 10 mile long section of trail approximately 20 feet in width with an unpaved surface. It is administered by the Army Corps of Engineers. The route was built starting in 1847 to provide access to Sutton for transport of product to grist mills and sawmills and provided access to the Bulltown sawmills.
 The Dutchess Company Superintendent's House is located on Market Street in the western corner of the village of Wappingers Falls New York United States. It is a large brick residence that was built as housing for the manager of the Dutchess Company a large local printing works shortly after the plant was built in 1848.It is primarily in the Greek Revival architectural style with some Gothic Revival decorative touches. In 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nathaniel Rogers House is a historic home located at Bridgehampton in Suffolk County New York. It is a Greek Revival–style residence significantly expanded and altered about 1840. It is a 2 1⁄2-story temple front and flanking 1-story wings. the full facade portico has four Ionic order columns supporting a full entabulature with no pediment. It one had a cupola and balustrade but they were removed after the New England Hurricane of 1938.
 Campus Universidad del Salvador is an architectural project created by Clorindo Testa for the Universidad del Salvador in Pilar Buenos Aires. It comprises an auditorium and a library. The auditorium has capacity for 600 people and was designed not only for academic functions but for other types of cultural uses. It is designed in the shape of a large mound in the manner of an ancient Egyptian tomb.
 See also: Battle of Stratton 1643Stratton (Cornish: Strasnedh) is a small town situated near the coastal resort of Bude in north Cornwall England UK. It was also the name of one of ten ancient administrative shires of Cornwall - see Hundreds of Cornwall. A battle of the English civil war took place here on 16 May 1643.A local saying at Stratton is Stratton was a market town when Bude was just a furzy down meaning Stratton was long established when Bude was just gorse-covered downland.
 The Shell Building is an office tower in the Financial District of San Francisco California. Shell Oil Company occupied the building until the 1960s. The 28-story 115.22 m (378.0 ft) building is located at 100 Bush Street at Battery Street. Its architectural style is Gothic Moderne Moderne and Art Deco. The architect was George W. Kelham and the building was built in 1929.
 The Church of King Charles the Martyr is a Church of England parish church in Royal Tunbridge Wells Kent England. It is a Grade I listed building.
 The Museum of Fine Arts in St. Petersburg Florida USA opened to the public in 1965. It was established by Margaret Acheson Stuart (1896–1980).The museum displays thousands of objects from early antiquity to the present day– one of the most comprehensive art collections on Florida’s west coast.
 David M. Anthony House is a historic house located at 368 North Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The two-story brick house was built in 1875 in the Second Empire style. Between 1916 and 1940 it was occupied by the Knights of Columbus. It was later sold to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fall River. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.
 The Franklin Canal is an irrigation canal in the Upper Rio Grande Valley near El Paso Texas. The canal acquires water from the Rio Grande via the American Canal. The canal is 28.4 miles (45.7 km) long with a capacity of 325 cubic feet per second. Though the canal was privately constructed in 1889 it was acquired by the US Bureau of Reclamation in 1912. It is part of a large canal network in the Upper Rio Grande Valley.
 Wesley Chapel Harrogate is located on Oxford Street in Harrogate. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Auberge d'Angleterre (Maltese: Berġa tal-Ingilterra) was one of the eight auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of England. The Auberge was built in the early years of the Order's rule in Malta sometime around 1534. A house was purchased by the knight Sir Clement West from a Maltese woman Catherine Abela. The Auberge began to be built on this site and it incorporated the earlier house.
 The Tainan Municipal Cultural Center Chinese: 臺南文化中心; pinyin: Táinán Wénhuà Zhōngxīn is a cultural center in East District Tainan Taiwan.
 Samuel Cunningham House also known as Pleasant View Farm is a historic home located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1820 and is a two story eight bay gable roofed stone and brick house. The house was expanded about 1840 and a Colonial Revival style porch was added in the early 20th century. Also on the property is a brick smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Château de Rauzan is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Raulerson Hospital is a hospital and health service system based in Okeechobee Florida. It is owned by Hospital Corporation of America. The hospital system includes the hospital proper and a building more than a block north at 1930 Highway 441N that houses a workers' compensation clinic.
 Providence Alaska Medical Center is Alaska's largest hospital has 371 beds 766 nurses and more than 500 physicians on staff. It is located at 3200 Providence Drive in Anchorage Alaska. In the last year with available data the hospital had 16358 admissions 69133 emergency room visits 5350 annual inpatient surgeries and 7770 outpatient surgeries.
 Catt Hall is an administrative building completed in 1892 at Iowa State University which currently houses the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences the Department of Philosophy and Religious Studies and the Carrie Chapman Center for Women and Politics. The building is named for Carrie Chapman Catt an American women's rights activist and founder of the League of Women Voters. She graduated from Iowa State in 1880 at the top of her class.
 The Hackensack Water Company developed water supply and storage in northeastern New Jersey during the latter part of 19th and the 20th century initially to provide service to the towns of North Hudson and the cities of Hoboken and Hackensack. Originally its headquarters and major facilities were located Hackensack. Under Robert W.
 Winfield Methodist Church is a historic church at 1601 Louisiana in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Good Samaritan Medical Center or Good Samaritan Hospital is a 333-bed acute care hospital located in West Palm Beach FL.
 Cathcart Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Cathcart Eastern Cape in South Africa.The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Or Zaruaa Synagogue Nachlaot Jerusalem Israel- בית כנסת אור זרוע נחלאות ירושלים founded in 1926 (5687 Jewish Calendar) by Rabbi Amram Aburbeh for the Ma’araviim Jewish congregation in Jerusalem is located on 3 Shmuel Refaeli Street in the Nachalat Ahim neighbourhood in Jerusalem.The synagogue was named Or Zaruaa after the Beth Midrash (study hall) that was held in the Old City of Jerusalem by Rabbi Shlomo Aburbeh Rabbi Amram Aburbeh's father.
 The 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art Kanazawa is a museum of contemporary art located in Kanazawa Ishikawa Japan. The museum was designed by Japanese architects Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa of the architect office SANAA in 2004. In October 2005 one year after its opening the Museum marked 1570000 visitors.
 Fanshawe Pioneer Village is an open-air museum established in 1959 and located in the Fanshawe Conservation Area in London Ontario.
 Sophie Amalienborg was a pleasure palace roughly located where Amalienborg stands today in Copenhagen Denmark. It was built by Queen Consort Sophie Amalie who lived there until her death in 1685 after her husband King Frederick III died a few years prior to its completion.It burnt down to the ground on 19 April 1689 in a fire which caused many casualties. A second Sophie Amalienborg was built at the site but demolished to make room for the development of Frederiksstaden
 The Arsenal Football Club Museum is a museum in Holloway London run by Arsenal Football Club and dedicated to the history of the club.
 Boathouse on the Lullwater of the Lake in Prospect Park is located in the eastern part of Prospect Park on the northeast shore of The Lake southeast of the Ravine District in Brooklyn New York. It was built in 1905-07 to a classical design of Helmle Hudswell and Huberty protégés of McKim Mead and White. In September 1964 the Parks Department was within forty-eight hours of demolishing the Boathouse.
 The Harlem Fire Watchtower also known as the Mount Morris Fire Watchtower is the only surviving one of eleven cast-iron watchtowers placed throughout New York City starting in the 1850s. It was built by Julius H. Kroehl for $2300 based on a design by James Bogardus. It is located in Marcus Garvey Park in Manhattan.The Mount Morris Park tower went into service in 1857 in response to Harlem residents’ demand.
 The Church of Cedofeita (Portuguese: Igreja de Cedofeita) is a medieval church in the civil parish of Cedofeita municipality of Porto in the northern Grande Porto Subregion of Portugal. The Church is a rare architectural example of a single-nave vaulted-ceiling temple and the unique one in the traditional Entre-Douro-e-Minho Province region of Portugal.
 Ghumdan Palace also Qasir Ghumdan or Ghamdan Palace is an ancient palace and fortress in Sana'a Yemen. It is sometimes referred to as Ghumdan Tower. It was located just west of where the Great Mosque of Sana'a was later built and is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the Old City of Sana'a. According to Arab geographer and historian Al-Hamdani (c. 893-945) the foundation stones of Ghumdan Palace were laid by Shem the son of Noah.
 Tachibana Castle (立花城 Tachibana-jō) was a Japanese castle in Chikuzen Province in the north of Kyūshū; it is located at the peak of Tachibana Mountain extending in part into the Higashi-ku in Fukuoka. The castle is also known as Rikka-jō Tachibanayama-jō or Rikkasan-jō (立花山城 Tachibana mountain castle).The castle was originally built in 1330 by Ōtomo Sadatoshi Constable (shugo) of Bungo province as a show of support to the Tachibana clan.
 Our Lady of Assumption Co-Cathedral or the Co-Cathédrale de Notre-Dame-de-l’Assomption is located in the Canadian prairie town of Gravelbourg Saskatchewan.
 The Nexen Building is a high rise office building in downtown Calgary Alberta Canada.It is a 37-storey skyscraper with a height of 152 m (499 ft). The commissioner and main tenant of the building is the Canadian energy company Nexen.It was designed by CPV Group Architects and Engineers Ltd and built by CANA Construction Company Limited.
 The Latham Confederate Monument in Hopkinsville Kentucky's Riverside Cemetery is a monument on the National Register of Historic Places.A native of Hopkinsville then living in New York City John C. Latham desired that deceased veterans on both sides in Hopkinsville be buried together. Latham was a millionaire in the cotton business who fought for the Confederate States of America during the conflict.
 Griro Tower is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 15 floors and a surface of 10000 sqm.
 The Brockville Jail is a jail in Brockville Ontario.Notable residents have included serial killer Peter Woodcock (also known as David Michael Krueger) who in the summer of 1991 on his first day pass in thirty-five years from his Brockville Ontario psychiatric hospital brutally murdered another patient. Also incarcerated in the Brockville Jail in 1972 was Roger Caron author of prison books Go Boy and Bingo.
 Casa de Piedra in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places of Puerto Rico in 1986.
 Benjamin Watkins Leigh House also known as the Wickham-Leigh House is a historic home located in Richmond Virginia. It was built between 1812 and 1816 and is a three-story four bay by three bay Federal style rectangular stuccoed brick dwelling. It features an Italianate bracketed cornice and a small Italianate front porch. It was the home of Senator Benjamin W. Leigh (1781-1849) and sold to Lieutenant Governor John Munford Gregory (1804-1884) upon Leigh's death in 1849.
 The Hotel Grande Bretagne (Greek: Ξενοδοχείο Μεγάλη Βρεταννία) is a luxury city hotel in Greece one of the most luxurious in southern Europe. It is located in central Athens immediately adjacent to Syntagma Square on the corner of Vasileos Georgiou A' and Panepistimiou Streets and is now part of The Luxury Collection hotel chain managed by the American company Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
 The South Atlantic Investment Corporation Building was a historic building in Jacksonville Florida. It was built in 1925 for the South Atlantic Investment Corporation and was located at 35-39 West Monroe Street. On December 30 1992 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was later demolished to construct the current Jacksonville Main Library.
 Prandegg Castle is a ruined hill castle in Austria near the village of Schönau im Mühlkreis in the Freistadt District (which lies in the Mühlviertel area of Upper Austria).
 Halifax County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Halifax Halifax County Virginia. It was designed and built in 1838-1839 by Dabney Cosby. It is a two-story T-shaped brick building in the Federal style. The front facade features a two-story tetrastyle portico in the Greek Ionic order.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the Town of Halifax Court House Historic District.
 Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art (SMoCA) is the state of Arizona's only permanent museum dedicated solely to modern works of art design and architecture. The museum is located in the Old Town district of downtown Scottsdale Arizona.The museum has five main galleries and an outdoor sculpture garden showcasing works from both its growing permanent collection as well as major traveling exhibitions.
 White Horse Historic District also known as White Horse Village is a national historic district located in Willistown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 15 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the crossroads village of White Horse. They were built between 1798 and about 1950 and are mostly 2 1/2 or 3-story masonry structures clad in stucco. Seven of the contributing buildings are residences.
 Goshavank (Armenian: Գոշավանք; meaning Monastery of Gosh; previously known as Nor Getik) is a 12th- or 13th-century Armenian monastery located in the village of Gosh in the Tavush Province of Armenia. Today the monastery is not a functioning religious complex although it remains a popular tourist destination and has recently undergone some light restoration. The impressive monastery which has remained in relatively good condition also houses one of the world's finest examples of a khachkar.
 Overbrook Farms is a neighborhood on the western edge of the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. It is roughly bounded by City Avenue (U.S. Route 1) 58th Street Woodbine Avenue and 66th Street at Morris Park. The neighborhood is bisected by Lancaster Avenue (U.S. Route 30) and the original Pennsylvania Railroad main line. Today the rail line is used by both Amtrak passenger service and SEPTA's commuter Paoli/Thorndale Line.
 Green Pastures is a historic Victorian home housing a restaurant of the same name in south Austin Texas neighborhood of Bouldin Creek. Completed in 1895 by local minister E.W. Herndon the house sat on 23 acres (93000 m2) bordering a wooded area to the south. It was home to a number of families over the years.
 The Benson Block is an historic structure located in downtown Ottumwa Iowa United States. The building was built as a theatre but because it lacked a sufficient number of exits it was never used for that purpose. The façade of the Classical Revival style building is composed of terra cotta. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bardu Church (Norwegian: Bardu kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Setermoen. The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The octagonal white wooden church was built in 1829. The architect Ole Olsen Lundberg designed the church built as a copy of the larger Tynset Church in Hedmark county. This church seats about 220 people.
 Abbotsford now the Museum of the National Center of Afro-American Artists is a historic house at 300 Walnut Avenue in Boston. The museum is dedicated to black visual arts heritage worldwide and presents historical and contemporary exhibitions in many media including painting sculpture graphics photography and decorative arts. The museum is operated by the National Center of Afro-American Artists.
 Hayward's Lott also known as Ivy Hall is a historic home located at Pocomoke City Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story farmhouse built about 1730 of Flemish bond brickwork with glazed headers. The house features small windows in the principal elevations a steeply pitched roof and two interior T-shaped chimneys.Hayward's Lott was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Elmira Heights Village Hall was built in 1896. It was designed by local architects J. H. Pierce and H. H. Bickford. It is significant architecturally as an example of the Chateauesque or Northern Renaissance Revival style of the period. It is significant historically for its role in local government. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Adgate Block was a historic building in Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1880 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as part of the Lima Multiple Resource Area. The brick building was constructed in a combination of the Victorian and Romanesque Revival styles. During its history the building was occupied by a series of businesses including a pharmacy a specialty store and a pizzeria.
 St. Columba's Chapel in Middletown Rhode Island is a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island of the Episcopal Church. The church is located at 55 Vaucluse Avenue Middletown Rhode Island. The chapel is named for the Irish-born missionary St. Columba renowned for his teaching healing and miracles in sixth-century Scotland.
 Hayat Bakshi Mosque also Hayat Bakshi Begum Masjid or Hayathnagar Grand Mosque is a mosque located in Hayathnagar near Hyderabad India. It was constructed in 1672 during the reign of Abdullah Qutb Shah the fifth Sultan of Golconda.
 Florida Hospital Heartland Medical Center (FHHMC) is located in Highlands County Florida. It is the flagship hospital of Florida Hospital Heartland Division (FHHD) which in turn is part of the larger Florida Hospital system which is part of the still larger Adventist Health System a part of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church.
 St Peter's Church Congleton is located in Chapel Street Congleton Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton. Its benefice is combined with those of St Stephen Congleton St John the Evangelist Buglawton and Holy Trinity Mossley. Alec Clifton-Taylor includes it in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 Gilbert and Samuel McKown House also known as Marshy Dell is a historic home located near Gerrardstown Berkeley County West Virginia. It is a large two story four bay wide log dwelling. The eastern section of the house was built by Gilbert McKown about 1774; the other section was added by his son Samuel about 1810. Also on the property is a 1 1/2-story stone outbuilding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Mary's Church Llanfair Mathafarn Eithaf is a small medieval church in Anglesey north Wales. The earliest parts of the building including the nave and the north doorway date from the 14th century. Other parts including the chancel and the east window date from the 15th century. It is associated with the Welsh poet and clergyman Goronwy Owen who was born nearby and served as curate here.
 The Spencer-Peirce-Little Farm (circa 1690) is a Colonial American farm located at 5 Little's Lane Newbury Massachusetts USA in the midst of 231 acres (93 ha) of open land bordering the Merrimack River and Plum Island Sound. It is now a nonprofit museum operated by Historic New England and open to the public several days a week during the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.In 1635 John Spencer was original grantee of the land.
 Deer Creek Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Darlington Harford County Maryland. It is a one-story fieldstone structure six bays long on the south four bays on the north and three bays wide. It was constructed in 1784 to replace a building of 1737 and renovated in 1888. The interior is divided into two spaces by an original paneled partition and the benches are original with 10 benches in each room and an aisle down the center.
 The Hinckley Homestead is a historic house at 1740 South County Road in the Marstons Mills area of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape house was probably built c. 1750 although local historians assert it may have been built earlier. Its likely builder was Edmund Hinckley grandson of early settler Samuel Hinckley.
 The Old Manatee County Courthouse built in 1859-1860 is an historic building now located at 1404 Manatee Avenue East in Bradenton Florida. It was Manatee County's first courthouse and is the oldest surviving Florida county courthouse (that was built originally as one) left in the state and is now part of the Manatee Village Historical Park. On June 29 1976 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site is a historic site in Oneida County New York USA that marks the Battle of Oriskany fought in 1777 during the American Revolution one of the bloodiest engagements of the war.The park is northwest of the Village of Oriskany on NY Route 69 and is southeast of the City of Rome. An obelisk with plaques at the base commemorating the battle and its participants is the central feature of the site.The battlefield is on the south side of the Mohawk River.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Ilişua Sălaj Romania completed in the 15th century.
 St. Petersburg Psychiatric Hospital of Specialized Type with Intense Observation (SPbPBSTIN) (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская психиатрическая больница специализированного типа с интенсивным наблюдением СПбПБСТИН) is one of eight Russian psychiatric hospitals under federal control for the treatment and rehabilitation of mentally ill persons who committed socially dangerous acts in a state of insanity and were released from criminal responsibility under court decision.
 Shottesbrooke Park is a country house and park in Shottesbrooke Berkshire England southwest of Maidenhead. The house is a Tudor mansion built in the 16th century. St John the Baptist Church Shottesbrooke lies next to the grounds of Shottesbrooke.
 The Chai Wan Mosque (Chinese: 柴灣清真寺) or Cape Collinson Mosque is a mosque in Chai Wan Hong Kong China. It is the fifth mosque built in Hong Kong.
 Nauticus is a maritime-themed science center and museum located on the downtown waterfront in Norfolk Virginia.
 Central Jail Lahore is a prominent jail situated in Lahore Pakistan at Rakh Chandra (Kot Lakhpat). The jail is also known as Kot Lakhpat Jail with reference to its location. The jail houses more than four times the 4000 prisoner capacity it was built for. Prisoners have been murdered in the prison in the past.
 Solomon Weaver House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is an Italianate style dwelling built about 1844.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 HMP Weare was a prison ship berthed in Portland Harbour in Dorset England. It was the latest in a lengthy history of British prison ships which included HMS Maidstone (1937) used as a prison during Operation Demetrius in the 1970s HMS Argenta in use as a prison in the 1920s and a long list of British prison hulks dating from the late 18th century to the mid 19th century.
 Skallelv Church (Norwegian: Skallelv kirke) is a parish church in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Skallelv. The church is part of the Vadsø parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The yellow wooden chapel was built in 1960 by the architect Rolf Harlew Jenssen. The chapel seats about 78 people. The chapel doesn't hold regular services other than during the large church holidays and special events.
 Craigmillar Park Church serves Edinburgh's Newington area in Scotland. It is a congregation of the Church of Scotland. The church building dates from 1879 and the adjacent hall was added in 1899.
 Union Station describes two distinct defunct train stations in Providence Rhode Island.The original Union Station was Providence's first opening in 1847 to accommodate the needs of the newly thriving city. It was considered a brilliant example of Romanesque architecture in its time and the longest building in America. As the city continued to grow so too did the need for terminal space ultimately resulting in the paving over of the remnants of the city's inland bay in 1890.
 The Museum of Domestic Design and Architecture (MoDA) is a museum in North London England housing one of the most comprehensive collections of 19th- and 20th-century decorative arts for the home.The collections include the Silver Studio collection of wallpapers and home textiles and the Crown Wallpaper Archive among others.The museum is part of Middlesex University.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church (St. Thomas Guild Hall ; St. Thomas Rectory) is a historic church at 214 E. Second Street in Port Clinton Ohio.It was built in 1896 in Gothic Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Logging Creek Ranger Station is the oldest continually operating administrative site in Glacier National Park. The rustic log cabin is an early example of what would become a typical style of western park structure. The district includes a cabin used as a residence for the summer fire guard.The site would have been among those inundated by the proposed Glacier View Dam which would have flooded much of the North Fork Flathead River valley including park lands.
 The Olesko Castle (Ukrainian: Олеський замок) is located within the borders of the present-day Busk Raion in Ukraine. The first historical records of the castle are in a document dated 1390 when Pope Boniface IX gave Halych a Catholic bishop this castle as a gift. It is located about seventy-five kilometers from Lviv the largest city in western Ukraine.
 The Mustang is a Chesapeake Bay brogan built in 1907. She is located at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 O'Bannon Mill (also known as O'Bannon Corporation Leather Division or Collins & Aikman Mill) is an historical mill at 90 Bay Spring Avenue in Barrington Rhode Island.In 1905 a Mr. Frost founded the Frost Finishing Company and built the original 1905 structure which is part of the current O'Bannon building. Mr. O'Bannon the treasurer bought Frost's shares and the mill became the largest manufacturer of imitation leather in the world.
 The Hodges House in the Greene County Illinois city of Carrollton is one of four sites in and around that city to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Hodges House also known as the Lee House or the Hodges Office Building and located in the city of Carrollton on North Main Street has been listed on the Historic Register since November 1980. The other three listed sites are the Carrollton Courthouse Square Historic District the Greene County Almshouse and the Henry T.
 The Bertha M. and Marie A. Green House is a building located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary was an American seminary preparatory school administered by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago for young men considering the priesthood. Located in downtown Chicago Illinois at 103 East Chestnut Street adjacent to Loyola University Chicago's Water Tower campus it closed on 22 June 2007 and became the Archbishop Quigley Center the pastoral center and headquarters of the Archdiocese after renovations ending 19 November 2008.
 Villa Loretto is a historic institutional building located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. It was built in 1928 by the Sisters of the Good Shepherd for the housing and treatment of young delinquent women. It is a three to four story H shaped brick building containing more than 175000 square feet. The facility closed in June 1975.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Alta Mesa Farm Bureau Hall in Wilton California is a building from 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Saint Peter's-By-The-Sea Episcopal Church known locally as The Gingerbread Church is an historic church at the junction of Ocean Avenue and Lake Drive in Cape May Point Cape May County New Jersey United States. Originally built for Philadelphia's 1876 Centennial Exhibition it was moved to Cape May Point in 1879. The church has been moved four times since first to get a cooler location closer to the shore then as the shoreline retreated to safer locations away from the shore.
 Shopper's World is a power center owned by DDR Corp. It is located on Route 9 near the intersection of Route 30 and the Mass Pike (I-90) in Framingham Massachusetts. It was built on the site of Shoppers' World a historic early suburban shopping mall that was torn down in 1994. Along with the Natick Mall Shopper's World helps form the heart of the regional shopping district known locally as the Golden Triangle.
 Hervey Street Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Hervey Street in Greene County New York. It was constructed in 1891 and is a single span dry laid limestone bridge with a round arch. It is 11 feet wide with a span of 14 feet. It spans a tributary of Thorp Creek.It was built by Jeremiah Cunningham.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Kanshin-ji (観心寺) is a temple in Kawachinagano Osaka Japan.
 Homestead Manor is a property in Thompson Station Tennessee that dates from 1809 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It includes Georgian architecture.It has been operated as a restaurant in recent years. There is a 50 acre conservation easement.
 Trinity United Methodist Church is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It dates from 1897. It was built by Stewart Ironworks.The NRHP eligibility of this and other properties was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The George W. Fulton Mansion is located in Fulton on the Texas Gulf Coast in the county of Aransas in the U.S. state of Texas. It is one of the earliest Second Empire style buildings constructed in Texas and is one of the most important of the style in the Southwest United States still in existence. Colonel George Ware Fulton and Harriet Gillette Smith began building the 3.5 story structure overlooking Aransas Bay in 1874 and finished in 1877.
 The Lucken Farm near Portland North Dakota is a bonanza farm that was developed by 1888. The owner of the farm was Halleck E. Lucken the son of Norwegian immigrants. The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The listing included seven contributing buildings on.
 The Wattisham Strict Baptist Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the village of Wattisham in Suffolk England. The chapel has been designated a Grade II Listed building.
 St. Peter's Church was a former Church of Ireland parish church located in Aungier St. in Dublin Ireland where the Dublin YMCA building now stands. It was built on land that formerly belonged to the Whitefriars in Dublin. It served the largest Church of Ireland parish in Dublin.
 The Anthony-Kinney Farm is an historic farm and resort complex at 505 Point Judith Road in Narragansett Rhode Island. The property now a town-owned recreation area known as Sunset Farm saw agricultural use for over 300 years and was converted into a private resort around the turn of the 20th century. The Point Judith area was among the first in Rhode Island to be purchased from the local Narragansett people in 1657. The farm was acquired by James E.
 The Southern Indiana Railroad Freighthouse located in Seymour Indiana has since January 2008 served as the Jackson County Visitor Center for Jackson County Indiana. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 2003.Three separate railroads once used the facilities here. These railroads included the Jeffersonville Railroad and the Ohio and Mississippi Line. These facilities included a roundhouse repair shop the Adams Express Company and access to interurbans.
 The Parkview Apartments in Pine Bluff Arkansas were built in 1925. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Suffolk Manor Apartments is a historic apartment building located in the Ogontz neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1930 and is a six-story 138 unit steel frame and brick building on a stone foundation in the Tudor Revival style. It is in an H plan form with five sections 84 feet 6 inches deep and 328 8 inches wide.
 The William Haner Polygonal Barn was an historical structure located near Pisgah in rural Harrison County Iowa United States. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The 12-sided building measured 54 feet (16.5 m) around. It featured white horizontal siding with a block foundation a two-pitch roof and a large hay dormer on the south side. It was destroyed in a fire caused by lightning in 2002.
 The Chuvash National Museum in Cheboksary Russia is a cultural educational and research center of the Chuvash Republic. It is the largest repository of natural historical cultural and theological artefacts of the Chuvash people and other ethnic groups.
 Christ Church Totland is a parish church in the Church of England located in Totland Isle of Wight.
 The Bennett Bunn Plantation is a historic farm near Zebulon North Carolina a suburb of Raleigh. The plantation located beside US 264 in eastern Wake County consists of a two-story house built in 1833 barns and 162 acres (66 ha) of farmland and forests. The property was owned by generations of the Bunn family until 2000 when Grace Hutchins great-granddaughter of Bennet Bunn sold the plantation for $1.9 million.
 Lakshmi Misthan Bhandar Hotel popularly known as just LMB is a well-known hotel restaurant and sweet shop in Jaipur city in Rajasthan state in India. Established in 1954 it is located in downtown Jaipur in Jauhari Bazar. The hotel is said to be the first three star hotel of the state.
 Luther Clarke House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay frame Federal-style structure built about 1820.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Werowocomoco was a village that served as the political center of the Powhatan Paramount Chiefdom a grouping of about 30 Virginia Indian tribes speaking an Algonquian language. They lived in the coastal plain area they called Tsenacommacah in what is now the Commonwealth of Virginia USA.
 The Hotel Gerard is located in New York New York. The building was designed by George Keister and built in 1893. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 1983.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 201 E. Main Street in Lincolnton North Carolina.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The church of Notre-Dame de Toute Grâce du Plateau d'Assy (Our Lady Full of Grace of the Plateau d'Assy) is a Roman Catholic church in France constructed on the plateau d'Assy between 1937 and 1946. It faces Mont Blanc and is within the territory of the commune of Passy in the Haute-Savoie department.
 Dimeling Hotel is a historic hotel located in Clearfield Pennsylvania United States. The seven-story 120-room hotel located across from the Clearfield County Courthouse was designed by Louis Beezer and Michael J. Beezer of Beezer Brothers a Seattle-based architectural firm and constructed in 1904-1905. The hotel ceased operating in 1977.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Koknese Castle (Latvian: Kokneses pils) is a complex in Koknese Latvia dating from the 13th century. The castle was situated on a high bluff overlooking the Daugava river valley. In 1965 a hydroelectric dam was built downriver creating a reservoir that partially submerged the castle and flooded the surrounding valley.
 The George Hoadley Jr. House is a historic residence in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1900 it has been named a historic site because of its unusual construction.The son of George Hoadly the Governor of Ohio in the 1880s George Hoadley Jr. was a prominent Cincinnati lawyer and one of the partners in the law firm of Harmon Colston Goldsmith and Hoadley.
 Enos House also known as Warren House is a historic home located on Enos Farm Drive near Surry Surry County Virginia. It was built about 1810 and is a 1 1/2-story double pile hall-parlor plan frame dwelling. It has a gable roof and features a low full-length shed porch on the front facade. It has a 20th-century rear ell.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The farm is now owned by Surry County which has developed it for recreational purposes.
 The Jonathan Warner House also known as Warner-Brooks House is a very well documented Federal-style house in Chester Connecticut built in 1798 that was remarkably the same in appearance when listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It has a Palladian window above its front door. The house was illustrated by J.
 The Tripura Legislative Assembly or Tripura Vidhan Sabha (Bengali: ত্রিপুরা বিধানসভা) is the unicameral legislature of the northeastern Indian state of Tripura with 60 MLAs. The present Assembly is located in Gurkhabasti. Ujjayanta Palace in Agartala served as the previous meeting place. The tenure of the Assembly is five years unless sooner dissolved. The present House is the Tenth Legislative Assembly. Ramendra Chandra Debnath is the current speaker of the House.
 The Rex Theatre building is located at 714 Lalonde Street in Whitewood Saskatchewan Canada. The building is a designated Heritage Property. Originally built to house the Merchant's Bank the building was later used to house the Theatre with the removal of the second story the building was adapted to house a telephone exchange later a retail outlet and finally a museum. The building currently houses the Whitewood Historical Museum.
 The Old Stone House is a 1933 reconstruction—with some original materials—of the Vechte-Cortelyou House which was destroyed in 1897. The house an important part of the 1776 Battle of Brooklyn is located in JJ Byrne park in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn New York. At one point it was the clubhouse of the Brooklyn Superbas which later became the Brooklyn Dodgers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 28 King Street in Westfield Massachusetts. It was built sometime between 1858 and 1864 by Joseph Watson. His construction was a two story eight-sided structure with a hip roof and a central eight-sided cupola. Between 1870 and 1875 a rectangular extension also two stories was added onto the back of the house.
 The James Nathanial Burwell House also known as Yellow House Farm was built about 1842 near Ridgeway West Virginia. The house is a late example of the Federal Style with some Greek Revival features unique in Berkeley County.The brick house is L-shaped in plan with a five bay front elevation. A small porch features chamfered columns with a Greek Revival character.
 St James' Church Longborough is the Church of England parish church of Longborough Gloucestershire England. It is in the deanery of Stow the archdeaconry of Cheltenham and the diocese of Gloucester. Its benefice is combined with those of St David Moreton-in-Marsh St Mary Batsford St Thomas of Canterbury Todenham and St Leonard Lower Lemington. It contains fabric from the 12th century and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Sam Cohodas Lodge (also known as the Michigamme Lake Lodge) is a rustic lodge located off US-41 at the east end of Lake Michigamme near Champion Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1990.
 Hotel Zianides is a hotel in Tlemcen Algeria. It contains 142 rooms and 7 suites. The controversial slaughtering of a lamb took place in the courtyard of the hotel in a demonstration in 1977.
 Spring Green is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built about 1800 and encompasses an earlier dwelling dated to about 1764. It is a 1 1/2-story five bay center hall single pile frame dwelling in the Federal style. The oldest section includes the hall east parlor with the old kitchen. The house sits on a brick foundation has a gable roof with dormers and exterior end chimneys.
 St. Kevin's Church (Irish: Eaglais Naomh Caoimhín) in St. Kevin's Park Camden Row Dublin Ireland is a church dating back at least as far as the 13th century and was dedicated to Kevin of Glendalough.
 St. Michael's Church Historic District is a historic district on LA 44 in Convent Louisiana.The area was added to the National Register in 1979.
 Logans Ferry Powder Works Historic District is a historic district in Plum Pennsylvania. These powder works were started in 1918 and they produced explosive bronze-aluminum powder for use in fireworks and other exlosives and pigments for Alcoa. The works were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 7 1998.
 The Uptown Broadway Building is a historic three-story building at 4703–4715 North Broadway Street in Uptown Chicago. Built in 1926 it was designed by Walter W. Ahlschlager and is known for its ornate terra-cotta facade depicting ancient gods rams' heads shields helmets birds fruits and trophies. Lynn Becker of the Chicago Reader has called the exterior a riotous Spanish-baroque-inspired hallucination.
 The Cebu Metropolitan Cathedral is the ecclesiastical seat of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cebu in Cebu Philippines. Cebu was established as a diocese on August 14 1595. It was elevated as a metropolitan archdiocese on April 28 1934 with the dioceses of Dumaguete Maasin Tagbilaran and Talibon as suffragans.Construction of the cathedral took many years due to frequent interruptions brought about by lack of funds and other unexpected events.
 The Southern Terminal is a former railway complex located at 306 West Depot Avenue in Knoxville Tennessee USA. The complex which includes a passenger terminal and express depot adjacent to a large railyard was built in 1903 by the Southern Railway. Both the terminal and depot were designed by noted train station architect Frank Pierce Milburn (1868–1926).
 Hordabø Church (Norwegian: Hordabø kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bøvågen. The church is part of the Radøy parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1875 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church was consecrated on 5 August 1875. The church seats about 400 people. There are records of a church on this site since dating back to the 1300s.
 Neghutsi Vank (Armenian: Նեղուցի վանք) is a monastery built in the 10th or 11th century situated in a clearing on a hillside overlooking a valley and the village of Arzakan in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. The monastery is located approximately 2 km northwest of the village center. Another small church with a small obelisk is located in the town nearby.The monastery consists of a church of Surb Astvatsatsin which adjoins a large gavit.
 The Maginnis Irrigation Aqueduct in rural Kimball County Nebraska about five miles from Kimball was built in 1912 by Patrick Maginnis. It consists of a woodend trestle supporting a galvanized steel flume about 55-metre (180 ft) long and about 4.5-metre (15 ft) in maximum height. It was part of the Bay State Irrigation Canal.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Muddy Creek Mill is a historic grist mill complex and national historic district located in Tamworth Cumberland County Virginia. The district encompasses five contributing buildings and three contributing sites. The mill was built between 1785 and 1792 and is a large two-story structure with two half stories and rests on a down slope basement. It is constructed of sandstone rubble masonry and brick. Associated with the mill are a contributing brick store (c.
 The Somerville Journal Building is a historic commercial building at 8-10 Walnut Street in Somerville Massachusetts.It was built in 1894 as offices and the printing facility for the Somerville Journal. Administrative and editorial offices were on the first floor. Production and typesetting were on the second floor and printing presses and equipment were located in the basement. The Somerville Journal vacated the building in approximately the 1950s.
 Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the United Kingdom's thirty-two NHS Foundation Trusts. It provides healthcare for people in the Preston area and surrounding area in northwest England.
 Saxonville Historic District is a historic district roughly along Elm Danforth Central Water and Concord Streets in Framingham Massachusetts.
 The Tyson House at 242 W. Liberty St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house that was built during 1904-1906 and that was once owned by the family of Nevada senator Francis Newlands.
 Mercer County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Mercer Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted Youngstown architectural firm of Owsley & Boucherle and built in 1910-1911. It is a three-story rectangular red brick and light sandstone building in the Beaux-Arts style It measures 180 feet wide and 92 feet deep. It features a tall bell and clock tower.
 The Westland Oil Filling Station in Minot North Dakota was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. According to its NRHP nomination form its significance was based on its being an outstanding example of a 1920s 'domestic' style gas station.
 White Plains Rural Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located at White Plains Westchester County New York. The cemetery was organized in 1854 and designed in 1855. It contains miles of narrow paved roads none of which is in a straight line. The roads create circular and lozenge-shaped areas for burials. Also on the property is a former church now cemetery office. It was built in 1797 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay frame building with a high-pitched gable roof.
 The Gotemba Premium Outlets (御殿場プレミアム・アウトレット) is an outlet mall located in Gotemba Shizuoka Japan near Mount Fuji. It was opened on July 13 2000 and contains over 200 stores. The mall is managed by Mitsubishi Estate Simon Co. Ltd. a joint venture between Mitsubishi Estate and Simon Property Group Inc..
 Meriton Grand Hotel Tallinn is a four-star hotel in Tallinn Estonia to the west of Alexander Nevsky Cathedral. The hotel was established in 1999. Its restaurant is noted for its international and Belgian cuisine and is considered one of the finest in the city. The hotel has 465 guestrooms of which 157 are classic rooms 280 standard 12 triple 13 junior suites 2 suites with sauna and a Grand suite with both a sauna and jacuzzi.
 The Church of the Epiphany is an Orthodox Church on Gutuevsky Island Saint Petersburg. It was designed by Vasily Kosyakov and built in 1888. The building of the church was majorly funded by Ivan Boronin a wealthy Russian textiles manufacturer.
 The Battery Park Hotel is the name given to two hotels in Asheville North Carolina. The one standing today is 14 stories tall and was built in 1924 by Edwin W. Grove during a time of increased tourism in the North Carolina mountains. It replaced a Queen Anne style hotel which stood 125 feet tall. The name came from the fact that Confederate forces used the site for batteries of artillery.
 Mount Kisco Municipal Complex is a national historic district located at Mount Kisco Westchester County New York. The district contains two contributing buildings; the Mount Kisco Town and Village Hall (1932) and the United States Post Office (1936). Both are in the Colonial Revival style. The Town and Village Hall is a 2-story cruciform plan brick building on a limestone foundation and topped by a slate-covered hipped and gable roof. It features an octagonal clock tower.
 Massachusetts Correctional Institution – Shirley is a medium-security state prison in Shirley Massachusetts. The facility also contains a minimum security section which houses less dangerous prisoners. MCI-Shirley maintains 13 inmate housing units a 28 bed full service hospital unit a 59 bed segregation unit gym recreation areas school industries laundry vocational area and food services/programs. This facility is under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
 The Round Barn near Van Wert Ohio United States is a round barn that was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It has a 65-foot (20 m) diameter and a height of 55 feet (17 m).It may also have been known as the Clayton Hoover Round Barn.[citation needed]
 Burgruine Rottenstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Mei Ho House (美荷樓) formerly part of Shek Kip Mei Estate Hong Kong is the last remaining example a Mark II building in a single-block configuration. While the other buildings of the estate dating from the 1950s have been demolished being replaced by new ones Mei Ho House was chosen to be preserved.
 The Georgia State Railroad Museum (formerly called the Roundhouse Railroad Museum) is located at the Savannah Shops Complex of the Central of Georgia Railway (CG) in Savannah Georgia. The complex is considered the most complete antebellum railroad complex in the United States. The museum located at 655 Louisville Road is part of a historic district included in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Guam Premier Outlets or GPO (formerly known as Guam Shopping Center and Guam Premium Outlets) is a shopping mall located in Tamuning Guam. GPO is the only outlet mall in the United States territory of Guam.[citation needed]Located just north of the island's busiest intersection of Marine Corps Drive (Route 1) and Chalan San Antonio (Route 14) stores at GPO include Nine West Anne Klein BCBG GUESS Levi's Nike Team Sports Payless ShoeSource Famous Footwear and ABC Store.
 The First Avenue Bridge is an historic structure located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The open spandrel arch bridge was built in 1920. It was designed by Marsh Engineering Company of Des Moines Iowa. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 The Whanki Museum is a private art museum located in Jongno-gu in central Seoul South Korea. It was established by the Whanki Foundation mainly to exhibit and commemorate the art world of Whanki Kim a representative abstract painter in Korean art history. The museum was first planned in 1988 in Buam-dong located close to Seongbuk-dong Seongbuk-gu which Kim Whanki had many attachments to. The atmosphere and environment of the two places have much in common.
 Museum Kebangkitan Nasional or Museum of National Awakening is a history museum in Jakarta Indonesia. The museum is dedicated for the history of Indonesian National Awakening.
 Fountain Place is a 60-story late-modernist skyscraper in downtown Dallas Texas. Standing at a structural height of 720 ft (220 m) it is the fifth-tallest in Dallas and the 15th-tallest in Texas.
 Bellefonte Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1930 and consists of an administration building and stable building executed in the Colonial Revival style. Both buildings are constructed of brick and have slate hipped roofs.It was designed by architect Joseph F. Kuntz.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St George the Martyr's Church North and South Clifton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in North Clifton Nottinghamshire.
 Christ Church with St Ewen (grid reference ST588730) is a Church of England parish church in Broad Street Bristol England.It was built between 1786 and 1791 designed by William Paty and built by his relatives Thomas Paty and Sons replacing a medieval one. The entrance and refurbished interior are by Henry Williams in 1883. The building was restored by Priest-in-charge Rev. G. S.
 Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary the Queen of Peace is a historic church on FM 340 in Sweet Home Lavaca County Texas.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The World Trade Centre Kolkata in the New Town Rajarhat or Bidhannagar (any one of them) is a proposed building in the city of Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal .
 Casselman Bridge also known as Casselmans Bridge or Castleman's Bridge was completed in 1811 and opened for traffic in 1813 to carry the National Road across the Casselman River near Grantsville in Garrett County Maryland. The bridge was built to aid in the westward movement through the wilderness west of Cumberland. The 354-foot-long (108 m) stone arch bridge spans 48 feet (15 m) with a 30-foot-high (9.1 m) arch.
 Laws Hall is a building at Miami University. Up Until 2009 the building was home to the School of Business Administration hosting classes of accountancy finance economics management supply chain and marketing. The building is under construction and is being renovated to become a library for multiple schools at Miami University. Laws Hall has been known on campus as one of the least wheelchair accessible buildings on campus.
 St. James' Church Kingston is a parish church in the Church of England located in Kingston Isle of Wight.
 De Papegaai is the lesser of the two parochial churches in the St Nicholas Roman Catholic parish in Amsterdam. The church is dedicated to Saints Peter and Paul. It is nicknamed De Papegaai (The Parrot) because it was originally hidden in a garden behind a regular housefront that belonged to a bird-trader in the days when Catholicism could not be practised publicly. Today there is a narrow Neo-Gothic facade flanked by statues of St Joseph and a perched parrot.
 The Thinkery (formerly the Austin Children's Museum) is a children's museum in Austin Texas.The museum was originally founded in 1983 with no permanent location hosting traveling exhibits in public places such as malls parks and libraries. In 1987 a storefront on Fifth Street became the Austin Children's Museum's first established location.
 First Methodist Episcopal-Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church is a historic church in 300 S. Fourth Street in Steubenville Ohio.It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Calvinistic Congregational Church is an historic church building located at 820 Main Street in Fitchburg Massachusetts. In 1967 the congregation merged with the First United Methodist Church of Fitchburg and is now known as Faith United Parish.The church was designed by architect Henry M. Francis and was built in 1896. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Kehila Kedosha Janina (Holy Community of Janina) synagogue at 280 Broome Street between Allen and Eldridge Streets in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1925-27 and was designed by Sydney Daub. It is now the only Romaniote rite synagogue in the Western Hemisphere.
 Ruhle Road Stone Arch Bridge was a historic stone arch bridge located at Malta in Saratoga County New York. It was constructed about 1873 and spanned the Ballston Creek. The arch measured 26 feet from the creek surface and 23.5 feet between the abutments.It collapsed in 1993 and was replaced in 2001 with the Ruhle Road Lenticular Metal Truss Bridge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 and delisted in 2004.
 The Ponce De Leon Boutique Hotel (also known as Hotel Ponce De Leon in St. Petersburg Florida) is a historic landmark and Mission Revival hotel in Downtown St. Petersburg Florida. It is located at 95 Central Avenue and on the corner of 10 Beach Drive. It was added to the Pinellas County Historic Preservation Committee in December 1997 (HPC #97-04).
 Market! Market! is a real estate development owned by Ayala Land a real estate subsidiary of Ayala Corporation and part of the Ayala Mall chain. It is located at Mabini Avenue corner McKinley Parkway Bonifacio Global City Fort Bonifacio Metro Manila Philippines part of the fast-growing Bonifacio Global City which is Ayala Land's new Central Business District.
 Corliss-Carrington House is a National Historic Landmark (NHL) in Providence Rhode Island. It is located on Williams Street in the College Hill Historic District also an NHL to which it is a contributing property.The house was built in 1812 and is an example of an original large brick Adamesque-Federal style town house. It has a 2-story porch with super-imposed Corinthian and Ionic iron columns.It was designated a Landmark on December 30 1970.
 The National Telegraph and Post Office Building is a public building and landmark in the city of Neiva in the Huila Department. It was built in the early 1930s commissioned by Alfonso Araújo the Colombian Minister of Public Works during the presidencial term of Enrique Olaya Herrera.The National Building was designed by the architect Alberto Wills Ferro influenced by Mudéjar Architecture and Art Deco. The building originally was used mainly as post office.
 Saint Mark's Chapel is a small formerly Episcopal chapel located on the grounds of the Mordecai House in downtown Raleigh North Carolina. The chapel along with the rest of the Mordecai plantation is on the National Register of Historic Places. The chapel is a very popular place for weddings.
 The Stevenson House located at 1316 E. Washington St. in Bloomington Illinois was the boyhood home of Illinois governor and two-time Democratic presidential nominee Adlai Stevenson II. Architect Arthur Pillsbury designed the house in 1900 for original owner Lyman Graham. In 1906 six years after Adlai's birth the Stevenson family bought the house.
 Phineas Davis Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. The district features an Italianate farmhouse built in 1870-1873. Also on the property is a historic henhouse and three stone hitching posts.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The David Taylor Model Basin (DTMB) is one of the largest ship model basins—test facilities for the development of ship design—in the world. DTMB is a field activity of the Carderock Division of the Naval Surface Warfare Center.
 The Floating Mosque or Tengku Tengah Zaharah is the first real floating mosque in Malaysia. It is situated in Kuala Ibai Lagoon near the estuary of Kuala Ibai River 4 km from Kuala Terengganu Town. Construction began in 1993 and finished in 1995. The mosque was officially opened in July 1995 by Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Al-Muktafi Billah Shah the late Sultan of Terengganu.
 The Evergreens is an archeological site in Solon Maine. The area on a bend of the Kennebec River near Solon has been either a village site or campground for thousands of years and even today is operated as a camp with cabins for rent and a restaurant. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Bethlehem Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Crosstown Missouri.
 Monumental Church is a former Episcopal Church that stands at 1224 E. Broad Street between N. 12th and College Streets in Richmond Virginia. Designed by architect Robert Mills it is one of America's earliest and most distinctive Greek Revival churches and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places is a National Historic Landmark and is located in the Court End historic district.
 The Ipswich Mills Historic District encompasses a major textile mill complex and associated worker housing along the Ipswich River near the center of Ipswich Massachusetts. The district includes the factories of the Ipswich Mill Company (off Union and Estes Streets) and several blocks of modest worker cottages mostly on side streets off Estes and Kimball Streets.
 Walnut Hills Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Grove Street and Allandale Road in Brookline Massachusetts.45.26 acreswith mature trees and puddingstone outcrops.Many past prominent citizens of the Town including Trinity Church architect H.H.
 St Thomas the Apostle is a Church of England church which is situated along Boston Road in Hanwell in the London Borough of Ealing. Designed by Sir Edward Maufe It forms part of the Diocese of London and can hold 428 people. English Heritage has listed it as a Grade II* building.
 The Ellwood House was built as a private home by barbed wire entrepreneur Isaac Ellwood in 1879. It is located on First Street in DeKalb Illinois United States in DeKalb County. The Victorian style home designed by George O. Garnsey underwent remodeling in 1898-1899 and 1911. The house was originally part of 1000 acres (4 km²) which included a large stable complex known as Ellwood Green. Isaac Ellwood lived here until 1910 when he passed the estate to his son Perry Ellwood.
 The Museum of American Finance is the nation’s only independent public museum dedicated to preserving exhibiting and teaching about American finance and financial history. Located in the Financial District of the Manhattan borough of New York City New York it as an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution.The museum was founded in 1988 as the Museum of American Financial History but was renamed the Museum of American Finance in 2005.
 Baden-Powell House colloquially known as B-P House is a Scouting hostel and conference centre in South Kensington London which was built as a tribute to Lord Baden-Powell the founder of Scouting.
 The Tainan Mosque (Chinese: 台南清真寺; pinyin: Táinán Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in East District Tainan Taiwan. It is the sixth mosque to be built in Taiwan.
 River North Point (formerly 350 West Mart Center) is the official name of the 24-floor multipurpose building located in the Near North Side community area of Chicago at the intersection of the North Branch and the Main Branch of the Chicago River. Designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill in 1977 the building is located in the River North district north of the Main Branch and east of the North Branch.
 Travel Town Museum is a transport museum dedicated on December 14 1952 and located within the northwest corner of Los Angeles California's Griffith Park. The history of railroad transportation in the western United States from 1880 to the 1930s is the primary focus of the museum's collection with an emphasis on railroading in Southern California and the Los Angeles area.
 Lot One (Chinese: 第一乐广场）) is a shopping mall serving Choa Chu Kang New Town. It was built in 1997 and is managed by CapitaMall Trust. It is located next to Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT and the Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange.
 The Old Santa Rosa Catholic Church and Cemetery is a historic church building and cemetery on Main Street in Cambria California. Built from 1870 to 1871 the church was the first in Cambria and is one of the oldest remaining buildings in the town. The church has a simple Classical Revival design with clapboard siding a gable roof a boxed cornice and frieze and an arched entrance topped with a fanlight.
 Winfield House is a mansion set in 12 acres (49000 m²) of grounds in Regent's Park the largest private garden in central London after that of Buckingham Palace. Since 1955 it has been the official residence of the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. It is Grade II listed as an exceptional ambassador's residence and as a notable Neo-Georgian town house containing numerous features of note.
 MedStar Union Memorial Hospital is a non-profit acute care teaching hospital located in the North Central section of Baltimore Maryland.
 Etlik City Hospital (Turkish: Etlik Şehir Hastanesi) is a city hospital complex project of Turkey located in Etlik neighbourhood of Ankara. The groundbreaking ceremony was held in Ankara on 22 October 2013. City hospitals are larger healthcare complexes in Turkey. The complex is Ankara's second city hospital after Bilkent City Hospital.The complex will include 3566 beds 100 surgery rooms ~1350 doctors and ~2500 nurses.
 The House at 23–25 Prout Street is a historic house at 23–25 Prout Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Amelia Stewart House also known as the Carol O. Wilkinson House and William Hallett House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1835 in the Greek Revival style. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 1992 based on its architectural significance.
 Quincy School is a historic school at 94 Newbury Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. A longtime elementary school it closed in 1981 following city cutbacks in the wake of Proposition 2 1/2 and was subsequently sold to private developers for conversion to condominiums.
 Seinpost is a restaurant located in Scheveningen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1985-1989 and 2006–present. It held a Bib Gourmand at least in the period 2001-2003.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 17.0 out of 20 points.Head chef of Seinpost is Gert-Jan Cieremans.
 The Cathedral Church of St. John the Evangelist usually known as Salford Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the City of Salford in Greater Manchester England. Located on Chapel Street Salford not far from Manchester city centre it is the seat of the Bishop of Salford and mother church of the Diocese of Salford. The architectural style is decorated neo-Gothic and the Cathedral is a Grade II* listed building.
 Lawrence Model Lodging Houses are historic houses located at 79 89 99 and 109 East Canton Street inBoston Massachusetts. Built in 1874 they were designed by Boston architects Charles K. Kirby and William F. Goodwin. On September 22 1983 they were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The W. R. Grace Building is a skyscraper in Manhattan.
 The Clinton–Kalamazoo Canal is an abandoned canal in Michigan that was only partially completed. The canal was to connect Lake St. Clair with Lake Michigan. The inspiration came from the success of the Erie Canal in New York which was completed in 1825. Michigan had just achieved statehood in 1837 and its first governor Stevens Thomson Mason initiated an ambitious program of internal improvements which included three railroads and two canals.
 Taganrog Museum of Art (Russian: Таганрогский художественный музей) was officially inaugurated in 1968 but the basis of the museum collection was formed by the end of 19th century when the art department of the Taganrog's city museum was established. Renowned playwright and short-story writer Anton Chekhov played a major role in establishing the collection of his home city through his connections in St. Petersburg Academy of Arts and his friends like Mark Antokolski etc.
 Wellscroft is a historic estate complex located at Upper Jay in Essex County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a large and distinguished Tudor Revival–style summer estate home. It is a long 2 1⁄2-story rectangular-shaped building with several projecting bays porches gables and dormers a porte cochere and a service wing. The rear facade features a large semi-circular projection. The first-story exterior is faced in native fieldstone.
 Casuarina Square the largest shopping centre in the Northern Territory is located in Casuarina in Darwin's northern suburbs. The shopping centre is built to the building code for Tropical Cyclones due to cyclones that sweep through the area such as Cyclone Tracy in 1974.
 The Chesterfield County Courthouse and Courthouse Square is a historic county courthouse complex located at Chesterfield Charlotte County Virginia. The complex includes the Chesterfield County Courthouse built in 1917; the county clerk's office buildings dating from 1828 and 1889; and the Chesterfield County Jail constructed in 1892.
 The Logia Adelphia is a Masonic Lodge that was built in 1912. It was designed by Sabas Honore. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places for its architecture in 1986.
 Llanelly House is one of the most notable historic properties in Llanelli Carmarthenshire Wales—an excellent example of an early-18th-century Georgian town house. It had been described as the most outstanding domestic building of its early Georgian type to survive in South Wales.The then Member of Parliament for Carmarthenshire Sir Thomas Stepney of the Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire Stepney Family originally built the house in 1714.
 Wells Fargo Center is a skyscraper located in Salt Lake City Utah United States. It was built in 1998 and is the tallest skyscraper in Utah standing 24 stories above street level and 121.9 m (400 ft) at roof level 128.7 m (422 ft) at its highest point excluding the antenna.
 All Saints Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located in English Harbour Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.
 The Temple of Justice is a large building of modern style which was constructed in the 1960s on Capitol Hill in Monrovia Liberia. Dedicated in 1965 it houses the Supreme Court of Liberia auxiliary courtrooms and legal offices. It suffered relatively little damage during the First and Second civil wars that lasted from 1989-2003 but poor maintenance and lack of electricity made the Temple unpleasant to work in.
 William Lewis House in Waxahachie Texas is a Queen Anne style house. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Vågøy Church (Norwegian: Vågøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the small island of Vågøya at the entrance to the Frænfjorden. The church is part of the Vågøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1904 by the architect Ole Havnæs. The church seats about 550 people.
 The Church of the Visitation honors the visit paid by Mary Jesus' mother to Elizabeth John the Baptist's mother. (Luke 1:39-56) This is the site where tradition tells us that Mary recited her song of praise the Magnificat one of the most ancient hymns to Mary.. The church is beautifully adorned with tiled representations of that canticle in many of the worlds languages.
 Schloss Frondsberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Shangri-La Hotel Tokyo is a five-star luxury hotel located over 13 floors of the Marunouchi Trust Tower Main in Marunouchi directly above Tokyo Station in Chiyoda Tokyo Japan.The hotel was selected as the number one luxury hotel in the world in TripAdvisor's Travelers' Choice Award 2012.
 Lithium Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Lithium Missouri.
 The Sparre Barn is a round barn in the city of Nowthen Minnesota United States. The barn is located on the west shore of Bass Lake. The basement is constructed of red tile and the upper level of the barn is sheathed with shiplap siding. The interior space contains a circle of stanchions for feeding cattle while the upper level has storage for feed and equipment.The barn was built between 1917 and 1924.
 Melrose is a 15000 square feet (1400 m2) mansion located in Natchez Mississippi that is said to reflect perfection in its Greek Revival design. The 80-acre (320000 m2) estate is now part of Natchez National Historical Park and is open to the public by guided tours. The house is furnished for the period just before the Civil War. Melrose was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 The First National Bank Building at 502 S. Main St. in Rock Springs Wyoming is a historic building built in 1917. Also known as Security Bank Building it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It is notable for its dominance of the skyline and architecture of Rock Springs; the building includes the most elaborate use of terra cotta in southwestern Wyoming. It was designed by Walter J. Cooper and D.D. Spanni.
 Dozen Bake Shop was a bakery in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. While a variety of baked goods and other dishes were offered cupcakes were Dozen's specialty and featured product.It was founded in late 2006 by James Gray a graduate of Chicago Culinary Institute. The opening came amid a national cupcake trend leading Gray to believe that the time was right to open a cupcake-heavy bakery in Pittsburgh as he believed that the trend had already played out in New York City or Chicago.
 Echo Bridge is a historic masonry bridge spanning the Charles River between Needham to Newton Upper Falls Massachusetts and Ellis Street in Newton. The bridge carries the Sudbury Aqueduct and foot traffic and is located in the Hemlock Gorge Reservation. At the time of its construction in 1875-77 it was the second longest masonry arch in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and was named an American Water Landmark in 1981.
 North Pier Apartments is a 581ft (177m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1990 and has 61 floors. Dubin Dubin Black and Moutoussamy designed the building which is the 43rd tallest and the tallest precast concrete panel clad building when completed in Chicago. The buildings façade has dark gray maroon and pink panels in an abstract pattern. It was named after North Pier a long building to the west along Ogden Slip.
 The Albert S. Potter Octagon House also known simply as the Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 4 Carolina Main Street (Rhode Island Route 112) on the corner of Shannock Hill Road in the village of Carolina in Richmond Rhode Island. It was built by watchmaker Albert S. Potter in 1857. Potter reportedly did his watchmaking in the octagonal cupola atop the two-story house.
 Place d'Orléans is a large shopping mall in the eastern end of Ottawa Ontario Canada in the community of Orléans. The property is about 740000 sq ft (69000 m2). It has three large department stores (Sport Chek Target and The Bay) and about 175 small shops including a food court. The Bay expanded in 1999 taking over a large section of the north side's upper level and reducing the number of smaller shops.
 Residencia Presidencial de Suárez y Reyes or simply Residencia de Suárez (Spanish for Suarez Residence) is the official residence of the president of Uruguay so-called because it is located at the intersection of Suarez and Reyes streets in Prado Montevideo. To its back lies the Montevideo Botanic Garden.
 The Sarasota County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at 2000 Main Street in Sarasota Florida. Designed by architect Dwight James Baum in the Mediterranean Revival style it was built in 1926-1927 by Stevenson and Cameron Inc. On March 22 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Goose River Bank in Mayville North Dakota was designed by John W. Ross and was built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Field Cathedral of the Polish Army (Polish: Katedra Polowa Wojska Polskiego also known as the Church of Our Lady Queen of the Polish Crown) is the main garrison church of Warsaw and the representative cathedral of the entire Polish Army. In the past the church served a variety of communities and roles: it used to be the church of the Collegium Nobilium and in the 19th century was also turned into a Russian Orthodox church.
 Chapultepec Castle (Spanish: Castillo de Chapultepec) is located on top of Chapultepec Hill. The name Chapultepec stems from the Náhuatl word chapoltepēc which means at the grasshopper's hill. It is located in the middle of Chapultepec Park in Mexico City at a height of 2325 meters (7628 ft) above sea level.
 The Brookeville Woolen Mill and House is a historic home and woolen mill located in Brookeville Maryland in Montgomery County. The complex consists of two buildings constructed of rubble masonry. The woolen mill is a small one-story structure. South of the mill are two stone worker's houses one of which is a three-by-two-bay 1 1⁄2-story stone house. The house was most likely constructed prior to 1783.
 The Broadgate Tower is a skyscraper in London's main financial district the City of London. It was constructed from 2005 to 2009.
 The Miguel Angel Garcia Mendez Post Office Building in Mayagüez Puerto Rico previously known as the United States Post Office and Courthouse and also known as Correo Central de Mayagüez is a post office and courthouse facility of the United States housing operations of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. It was designed by Louis A. Simpson and was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 as U.S.
 Durbar-e-Hazrat Mai Safoora Qadiriyya was constructed in 1795 by the order of Multan`s Afghan ruler Nawab Muzafar Khan.Durbar depicts the style Qadiri architecture.
 St Ives Priory was a priory in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1017 by monks from Ramsey Abbey.
 The Southern Pacific Railroad Passenger Station and Freight House located in Springfield Oregon United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The former King's Theatre (now known as Metropolis Fremantle) is located at 52-62 South Terrace Fremantle adjacent to the Sail and Anchor Hotel.
 Broadway on the Mall was a large shopping centre in Brisbane Queensland Australia located between the Queen Street Mall and Adelaide Street in the Brisbane central business district.It was developed by Mace Developments and Jennings Industries in the late 1980s.Following the collapse of AV Jennings and a series of acquisitions the centre has been owned by Industry Superannuation Property Trust since 2011.In 2011 the centre conducted a search for a fashion blogger to represent them on social media.On 31 August 2013 the centre closed to allow for a redevelopment of the tired retail space to commence. 
 The Hiroshima City Museum of History and Traditional Crafts is a history museum in Ujina-nishi Park in Hiroshima Japan.
 The Botataung Pagoda (Burmese: ဗိုလ်တထောင်ဘုရား [bòtətʰàʊɴ pʰəjá]; also spelled Botahtaung; literally 1000 military officers) is a famous pagoda located in downtown Yangon Myanmar near the Yangon river. The pagoda was first built by the Mon around the same time as was Shwedagon Pagoda—according to local belief over 2500 years ago and was known as Kyaik-de-att in Mon language.
 The Bellefonte Forge House also known as the John Dunlop House is located just south of Bellefonte Pennsylvania in Spring Township Centre County. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places due to its connection with prominent figures in the iron industry of the early 19th century and because of its domestic architecture influenced by the Federal style.
 The Deerfield Valley Agricultural Society Fairgrounds also Charlemont Fairgrounds and Memorial Park are a public park in Charlemont Massachusetts. The 24-acre (9.7 ha) property occupies a plateau above the town and is reached via an access road (Park Road) from Massachusetts Route 8A near the Bissell Bridge.
 Villa Arcadia is a mansion at 22 Oxford Street Parktown Johannesburg. It was built for Sir Lionel Phillips one of the influential Randlords that dominated the early history of the city. Today it is one of the Parktown mansions that are preserved as part of the city's heritage.
 The Beneficial Microbes Museum and Tourism Factory (BMM; Chinese: 菌寶貝博物館暨觀光工廠; pinyin: Jūnbǎobèi Bówùguǎn Jì Guānguāng Gōngchǎng) is a museum in Yilan City Yilan County Taiwan. The museum is the first microorganism museum in Taiwan.
 Randolph County Courthouse in Pocahontas Arkansas is an Art Deco building from 1940 designed by Eugene John Stern. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.Erected by the Works Project Administration the courthouse was built in Art Deco.
 Millville is a defunct settlement in Jo Daviess County Illinois United States located within the boundaries of Apple River Canyon State Park. Founded in 1835 and platted in 1846 the community was washed away completely by a flood in 1892. No visible remnants of its structures remain today. The site of Millville was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as the Millville Town Site in 2003.
 The Main Place Tower is located at 350 Main Street in Buffalo NY. The skyscraper is the fourth tallest building in the city and home to a large number of technology and communication firms. The tower is connected to the Main Place Mall downtown's only shopping mall with a gross leasable area of 250000 square feet (23000 m2). In recent years it has lost a great deal of its retail shops to suburban shopping centers. The tower built in 1969 rises 350 feet (107 meters).
 The General Artemas Ward House is a historic house at 786 Main Street in Shrewsbury Massachusetts. Commonly known as the Artemas Ward House it was the lifelong home of Artemas Ward American Major General in the American Revolutionary War and a Congressman from Massachusetts. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house has was built by Ward's father Nahum in 1727 to house tenants on his farm; Artemas Ward moved into the house in 1763.
 The Auglaize County Courthouse is located between West Mechanic Willipie West Pearl and Perry Streets in downtown Wapakoneta Ohio United States. Completed in 1894 it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ilchi mosque (Persian: مسجد ایلچی‎) is a historical mosque in Isfahan Iran. The founder of this small and simple mosque was Saheb Soltan Beigom the daughter of a courtier in the Shah Suleiman's court.
 Irgenhausen Castrum is a Roman fort in Irgenhausen Switzerland. It was a square fort measuring 60 metres (197 ft) in square with four corner towers and three additional towers. The remains of a stone wall in the interior were probably a spa.
 The Chicago Temple Building is a 173 meter (568 foot) tall skyscraper church located at 77 W. Washington St. in Chicago Illinois United States. It is home to the congregation of the First United Methodist Church of Chicago. It was completed in 1924 and has 23 floors dedicated to religious and office use.
 The Fort Pitt Elementary School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Ramsvik Church (Norwegian: Ramsvik kirke) is a church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located at Ramsvik just south of the village of Råkvåg near the Stjørnfjord. It was originally built as a chapel but has been expanded and is now a church. It is the old church in Rissa without a cemetery adjacent to it. The cemetery in Husbysjøen is used by this church.
 The Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art located on residential Lighthouse Hill in the Egbertville neighborhood of Staten Island New York City United States is home to one of the United States' most extensive collections of Himalayan artifacts. The museum was created by Jacques Marchais an American woman to serve as a bridge between the West and the rich ancient and cultural traditions of Tibet and the Himalayan region.
 The Robert E. Campbell House is a house located in Springfield Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Trinity Church (Dreifaltigkeitskirche) was a Baroque Protestant church in Berlin eastern Germany dedicated to the Holy Trinity. It was opened in August 1739 and destroyed in November 1943 with its rubble removed in 1947. It was located in the Friedrichstadt district (now part of the Mitte borough) at the intersection of Mauerstraße Kanonierstraße (now known as Glinkastraße) and Mohrenstraße at the postcode 10117 Berlin.
 Peter Houghtaling Farm and Lime Kiln is a national historic district located at West Coxsackie in Greene County New York. The district contains eight contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures. The property includes a 1794 stone house a well and smokehouse dated to about 1794 a 19th-century privy three 19th-century barns an early 20th-century equipment barn and chicken coop and 19th-century burial ground.
 Noble Hall also known as the Frazer-Brown-Pearson Home is a historic Greek Revival style plantation house in Auburn Alabama. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 24 1972.
 St Mary's Bryanston Square is a Church of England church dedicated to the Virgin Mary in Bryanston Square London. It is also the name of a related Church of England primary school which was originally founded next to it.
 Cornelius Sacket House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a 1 1⁄2-story Dutch Colonial Revival–style residence with a gambrel roof and clapboard siding. It features a 1-story open porch with five fluted Ionic columns. Also on the property is a boathouse and formal sunken garden.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Charles Downs II House is a historic home located near Marlowe Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1835 and is a two story L-shaped brick dwelling measuring 53 feet wide and 50 feet deep. It is five bays wide and three bays deep. Also on the property are a cement block garage and wood frame shed dating to the 1920s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Umeå old prison (Umeå gamla fängelse) or länscellfängelset was completed in 1861. The prison was one of few buildings that did not burn down at the city fire of 1888. Thus it is one of Umeå's oldest remaining buildings and is listed building since 1992. The prison housed inmates until 1981 and during the 1980's and 1990's theater plays were organized there. In 2007-2008 the prison was rebuilt into a hotel.
 House of Folklore is a museum in central Sana'a Yemen. It is located southwest of the Al-Tahrir Square and south of the Egyptian Embassy and north of the Chinese Embassy. Founded on 11 April 2004 under the permission of the Ministry of Culture it is a cultural research non-profit and non-governmental organization works on collecting and documenting the Yemeni Folklore.
 The IOOF Building in Ashland Oregon also known as Oddfellows Building was built in 1879. It served historically as a clubhouse and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 for its architecture.
 Benjamin Gordon Baldwin House (also known as Baldwin Heights) is a historic home located at Norwood in St. Lawrence County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Centro Lofts in an under construction loft condominium project in Downtown Miami Florida. Construction began in December 2013. The project which will have 352 units is unique for being one of the few newer buildings in the downtown Miami area along with The Loft and The Loft 2 to have no parking garage. Touting a location near Metromover Metrorail the Miami Trolley and in the once again walkable downtown area the project will also have an arrangement with Car2Go car sharing service.
 The Jerathmell Bowers House at 150 Wood Street in Lowell Massachusetts is the oldest known domestic building in the city. The main block of the 1.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1673. The house has been owned by descendants of its builder since then.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Saratoga Spa State Park is a state park located in Saratoga County New York in the USA. The park is in the City of Saratoga Springs near US 9 and NY 50.
 Røvik Church (Norwegian: Røvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Røvika. The church is part of the Røvik og Veøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1905 in the Swiss chalet style. The architect was Gabriel Smith. The church seats about 280 people.
 The Grand Hotel Kempinski High Tatras is a five-star hotel operated by Kempinski Hotels S.A. located on the shores of Štrbské pleso (Tschirmer See) in High Tatras Slovakia.The hotel was officially opened in May 2009 after EUR 42 million reconstruction of former spa house complex Hviezdoslav. Grand Hotel Kempinski High Tatras offers 98 rooms and suites (including Presidential and Honeymoon suite). It also offers Spa & Wellness services.
 The Saskatoon Sanatorium was a tuberculosis sanatorium established in 1925 by the Saskatchewan Anti-Tuberculosis League as the second Sanatorium in the province in Wellington Park south or the Holiday Park neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada.
 La Samaritaine (French pronunciation: ​[la samaʁitɛn]) was a large department store in Paris France located in the First Arrondissement. The nearest metro station is Pont-Neuf. It is currently owned by LVMH a luxury-goods maker. The store which had been operating at a loss since the 1970s was finally closed in 2005 because the building did not meet safety codes.
 The Eagle Hotel in Concord New Hampshire was built in 1827. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.A place where the politically powerful in the state gathered it is portrayed in the best-selling novel of 1906 Coniston as the Pelican Hotel.
 Chelsea is a historic home located near West Point King William County Virginia. It was built in 1709 and consists of a two-story brick main block with a hipped roof and 1 1/2-story gambrel roofed rear ell. In 1781 shortly before the Battle of Yorktown Lafayette's army camped at Chelsea and the Marquis de Lafayette used the house as his headquarters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Höhingen Castle (German: Burg Hoehingen) is a castle built in the Early Middle Ages on the top of the Schlossberg a hill above the town Achkarren a part of the city of Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
 The Camden Free Public Library Main Building is the first former main library of the Camden New Jersey public library system. Designed by Herbert D. Hale and Henry G. Morse the building was constructed with a grant from the Carnegie Corporation and opened in 1905. It closed in 1986 with the relocation of the library's main branch to the former South Jersey Gas Electric and Traction Company Office Building.
 The American Sign Museum in Cincinnati Ohio preserves archives and displays a collection of signs. The museum also displays the equipment utilized in the design and manufacture of signs. Tod Swormstedt began working on the museum in 1999. It opened to the public in 2005.
 Early Shakopee Houses are located at 411 and 419 East 2nd Avenue Shakopee Minnesota United States. They are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The houses are built mainly of brick which was quite common in Scott County even for modest residential dwellings.
 Saint-Sulpice (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃sylpis]) is a Roman Catholic church in Jumet a section of the Belgian town of Charleroi within the Walloon region in the Province of Hainaut. It is dedicated to Sulpitius the Pious.The oldest material traces of a religious building on the site date back from the 10th century. Three churches preceding the current construction were identified during an excavation that took place in 1967.
 The Carreras Cigarette Factory is a large Art Deco building in Camden London in the United Kingdom. It is noted as a striking example of early 20th Century Egyptian Revival architecture. The building was erected in 1926-28 by the Carreras Tobacco Company owned by the Russian-Jewish inventor and philanthropist Bernhard Baron on the communal garden area of Mornington Crescent to a design by architects M.E and O.H Collins and A.G Porri.
 The Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital is a hospital located in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada. The Glenrose is the largest freestanding comprehensive tertiary rehabilitation centre in North America[citation needed] and offers services to children and adults on an inpatient outpatient and outreach basis.
 The Old Greene County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Eutaw Alabama USA. It housed the seat of government for Greene County from 1869 until 1993. The building is a two-story masonry structure in the Greek Revival style with Italianate influences. Architect Clay Lancaster proposed that it may be the last Greek Revival public building to be built in Alabama. It replaced an earlier wooden courthouse on the same site that was built in 1838.
 Travelers Tower is a 24-story 160.63 m (527.0 ft) skyscraper in downtown Hartford Connecticut. Travelers Tower was the seventh tallest building in the world when it was constructed in 1919 and is currently the second tallest building in Hartford. Travelers Tower is the fourth headquarters of Travelers Insurance Company.
 The Sete Fontes (literally Seven Springs) is part of a large water supply system built in mid-18th century that supplied potable water to the northern Portuguese municipality of Braga until the first half of the 20th century. In reality there are only six springs from this network that still exist following destruction of one in the early 1990s to allow the construction of residential homes.
 Schraalenburgh North Church also known as North Church and as The Old North Reformed Church or Old Reformed Church was founded 1801 as a Dutch Reformed Church in present day Dumont Bergen County New Jersey United States. The congregation was made up of those who originally were members of the South Schraalenburgh Church.The cemetery contains burials of parishioners up to 1911 and a list of interments has been transcribed on the Internet by Bob Winship.
 The F. Bradford Morse Federal Building formerly the United States Post Office is a historic post office at 50 Kearney Square in Lowell Massachusetts.The building was designed by George Augustine Daidy and was built in 1930. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The building was acquired by Middlesex Community College which renovated the facility. It was renamed in honor of local Congressman and statesman F.
 The Tulsa Performing Arts Center or Tulsa PAC is a performing arts venue in the city of Tulsa Oklahoma. It houses four main theatres a studio space an art gallery and a sizeable reception hall. Its largest theater is the 2365-seat Chapman Music Hall. The Center regularly hosts events by 14 local performance groups. Tulsa Ballet Tulsa Opera Tulsa Symphony and Celebrity Attractions (Broadway series) are among the Tulsa PAC’s major clients.
 St. George's Episcopal Church is a historic church located at 209 East 16th Street at Rutherford Place on Stuyvesant Square in Manhattan New York City. Called one of the first and most significant examples of Early Romanesque Revival church architecture in America the church exterior was designed by Charles Otto Blesch and the interior by Leopold Eidlitz. It is one of the two sanctuaries of the Calvary-St. George's Parish.
 The Woodson Law Office is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was originally built by Samuel McDearmon in 1854 and rented by Woodson for his law office until he purchased it a couple of years later.
 McMillan House is a historic home located at Latta Dillon County South Carolina. It was built about 1890 and is a 2 1/2-story frame weatherboarded Second Empire style residence. It has a mansard roof on the front portion and two interior chimneys with corbeled caps. The façade of the house features a one-story hip-roofed porch with turned posts spindle frieze brackets with pendants turned balustrade and a gabled entrance portico with sawtooth shingles.
 The U.S. Post Office Courthouse and Customhouse also known as Main Post Office is a historic post office courthouse and custom house located on Rodney Square in Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was designed by Irwin & Leighton in 1933-1935 and building was completed in 1937. It is in the Classical Revival. It is a three-story cut stone structure with six large stone pillars across the main entrance. the gross building area is 104669 sq. ft.
 Mercy Health System of Southeastern Pennsylvania is a non-profit health care provider with over 51 facilities in 5 counties surrounding Philadelphia PA (Bucks County Chester County Delaware County Montgomery County and Philadelphia County) and a small portion of Delaware.
 The Thirteenth Street Terrace is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The property is made up of two-storey row housing constructed between 1911 and 1912 in a Classical architectural style. The row houses were built by Henry A. Cook liveryman farmer real estate salesman and owner of the Waldorf Café.
 The Brainerd Water Tower is located at Sixth and Washington in Brainerd in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was the first all-concrete elevated tank used by a municipality in the United States; even though it was replaced in 1960 it remains standing as an icon of the town. It is referred to as Paul Bunyan's Cup or Paul Bunyan's Flashlight by local residents.
 St Mary's Church Yealand Conyers is located in the village of Yealand Conyers Lancashire England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Lancaster and is linked with the churches of St Mary of the Angels Bolton-le-Sands and Our Lady of Lourdes Carnforth. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It stands at the south end of the village.
 The Amos Adams House is a historic house at 37 Park Avenue in the village of Newton Corner in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1888 and is an excellent local example of Queen Anne styling. It has asymmetrical massing typical of the style as well as an octagonal tower and tall paneled-brick chimneys.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 4 1986.
 Providence Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Gum Spring Louisa County Virginia. It was built in 1747 and is a two-story three bay wood frame building measuring 50 feet 3 inches by 26 feet 4 inches. It i s one of the few frame churches in Virginia remaining from colonial times and was one of the first Presbyterian churches to be built in the central part of the state.
 The Gilbert M. Simmons Memorial Library is located in Kenosha Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Bayswater is a 29-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Bayswater was completed in 2009.
 Thomas D. Kinzie House is a historic home located at Troutville Botetourt County Virginia. It was built between 1909 and 1911 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It features a complex slate-covered hipped roof with projecting pedimented gables and a one-story wraparound porch.
 Queen Ingrid's Hospital (Greenlandic: Dronning Ingridip Napparsimmavissua) is a hospital in Nuuk Greenland. The hospital not only serves as the main hospital for the municipality but is the central hospital in all of Greenland. The hospital has around 130 beds.
 The Administration Building is a historic building on the campus of Lake Erie College in Painesville Ohio United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Woodburn Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Woodburn Oregon United States. The complex located between the cities of Portland and Salem on Interstate 5 opened in 1999 as the Woodburn Company Stores. Owned and operated by Craig Realty Group the center has over 350000 square feet (33000 m2) of retail space.
 Patna Dental College is an institution for Dental science and is a part of the Patna University Patna Bihar India.
 The Joseph Gaston House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the southernmost part of the Goose Hollow neighborhood.
 Kathryn Chicone Ustler Hall (formerly known as the Women's Gymnasium and University Gymnasium) is an historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida. It was designed by William Augustus Edwards in the Collegiate Gothic style. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The McBride-Hickey House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Late Victorian residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Mt. Tabor Baptist Church also known as Big Levels Baptist Church Lewisburg Baptist Church and Mount Tabor Church is a historic Baptist church at Court and Foster Streets in Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1832 and is a 1 1/2 story brick meeting house building with Gothic style design elements. It measures 36 feet long by 40 feet wide and sits on a thick limestone foundation.
 Gallier House is a restored 19th century historic house museum. It was originally the home of prominent New Orleans architect James Gallier Jr. Construction began in 1857 and he moved in with his wife and children in 1860. It is located on Royal Street in The French Quarter of New Orleans. It is an eclectic combination of Italianate features such as stucco treatment and classical elements like the formal front entrance.
 All Saints Church Little Somborne is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Little Somborne Hampshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is situated some 4 miles (6 km) southeast of Stockbridge to the east of the A3057 road.
 The Dennison High School is located at 220 North Third Street in Dennison Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 2006-02-01.
 The Schoenhofen Brewery Historic District is centered around the former site of the Peter Schoenhofen Brewing Company at 18th and Canalport Avenue in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. Beginning in the mid-1880s Peter Schoenhofen was among a group of brewers in Chicago who transformed production methods and utilized expanding transportation options. By 1900 there were sixty Chicago breweries that collectively produced over 100 million gallons of beer per year.
 Central Valley Baptist Church is a baptist ministry located in Manteca California; centered in between the cities of Stockton and Modesto. Along with the English-language auditorium the church also houses a Spanish-language ministry which is sometimes named Iglesia Bautista del Valle Central other ministries include Filipino-language Singles Young Married Couples Bus/Shuttle Nursing Home Youth and Teen.
 The Commonwealth Building was a 21-story 255-foot (78 m) building in Downtown Louisville Kentucky located on the northwestern corner of Fourth Street and Broadway.The Commonwealth Building was built by James Graham Brown across Fourth Street from the Brown Hotel in 1928 and originally named after his late brother Martin Brown.
 The Negoro-ji (根来寺) complex of Buddhist temples stands on the side of and is surrounded by the sacred peaks of the Katsuragi Mountains which dominate the horizon at the northern end of the city of Iwade Wakayama in Japan.In 1087 a man named En no Gyōja established this area as a center for promoting Buddhism.
 The Ottawa Waterworks Building is a historic waterworks in eastern Ottawa Ohio United States. Built in 1904 it is Putnam County's oldest water pumping facility; as the first significant water-related public works project in Ottawa it enabled the creation of a municipal water system in the village.
 Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown (Irish: Ospidéal Uí Chonghaile Baile Bhlainséir) (formerly known as James Connolly Memorial Hospital) is a public university teaching hospital in Dublin Ireland. It was founded in 1955 as an asylum for tuberculosis (TB) patients. It is run by the Irish Health Service Executive (HSE) and currently serves a population of over 290000. As of May 2007 the hospital provides 242 in-patient beds and 29 day beds.
 The Homestead Pennsylvania Railroad Station is located in Homestead Pennsylvania. The station was built in 1906 by the Pennsylvania Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 26 1985.
 Sipperly-Lown Farmhouse is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1868 and is a one and one half to two story frame cruciform plan building in a picturesque Gothic style. It features a variety of late Victorian era eclectic wood ornamentation. Also on the property are a contributing barn Dutch barn built about 1800 machine shed and a corn crib.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Robert A. Millikan House is the former home of American physicist Robert A. Millikan who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1923. Located at 5605 South Woodlawn Avenue in Hyde Park community area of Chicago Illinois the three-story brick building earned National Historic Landmark status on May 11 1976.
 The Denver Public Library is the public library of the city of Denver Colorado in the United States. Its administrative headquarters is on the seventh floor of the Central Library in Downtown Denver. In 2010 the library had 2288842 items in its collection and a library card base of 339883 local residents. In addition to its Central facility it has 23 branches and a bookmobile program.
 Josiah Dennis House is a historic house at 16 Whig Street in Dennis Massachusetts.The house was built in 1736 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.The Dennis Historical Society owns and operates the house as the Josiah Dennis Manse Museum an 18th-century historic house museum. The house is open on Tuesdays and Thursdays in the summer.
 Hulmeville Historic District is a national historic district located in Hulmeville Bucks County Pennsylvania. The district includes 103 contributing buildings 3 contributing structures and 1 contributing object in the borough of Hulmeville. They include a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings some of which are representative of the vernacular Greek Revival Federal and Late Victorian styles. Notable buildings include the John Pryor / John Hulme House (c.
 Neptune Magnet Mall is a 1056000-square-foot (98100 m2) shopping mall in Bhandup Mumbai India. It is part of a 22-acre (89000 m2) satellite township Living Point comprising 6 towers of 22 stories each being developed by Neptune Group. Mall tenants include a 60000 square feet (5600 m2) Lifestyle store Piramyd Easy Day and 06-screen Cinépolis multiplex.First international multiplex in Mumbai (Cinépolis is a Mexican chain of movie theaters).
 33 Whitecross Street is a grade II listed building in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is in the historic St James Square neighbourhood. The property was the site of archaeological excavation in 2009 which demonstrated evidence of Neolithic (prehistoric) Roman and Medieval activity. The following year archaeological excavation in the square discovered the first evidence of Mesolithic human settlement in Monmouth.
 The St Mary's Church is a Church of England parish church at Thatcham in the English county of Berkshire. The church is dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
 Rancho Los Encinos (also Rancho El Encino and Rancho Encino) was a Spanish grazing concession and later Mexican land granted cattle and sheep rancho and travelers way-station on the El Camino Real in the San Fernando Valley in present day Encino Los Angeles County California. The original 19th century adobe and limestone structures and natural warm springs are now within the Los Encinos State Historic Park.
 Château de la Trave is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Church of the Cross (Latvian: Krusta Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 120 Ropažu Street.
 Fort Hancock is a former United States Army fort at Sandy Hook in Middletown Township New Jersey. The coastal artillery base defended the Atlantic coast and the entrance to New York Harbor. Between 1874 and 1919 Fort Hancock was operated in conjunction with the US Army's Sandy Hook Proving Ground.
 St. Casimir Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Terryville Connecticut United States. Founded in 1906. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.Parish shares a Pastor with the Immaculate Conception parish in 1999.
 The Treasury Building in Washington D.C. is a National Historic Landmark building which is the headquarters of the United States Department of the Treasury. An image of the Treasury Building is featured on the back of the United States ten-dollar bill.
 St. Paul's is an Anglican church in Landour India. The church was built in 1839 and first consecrated on May 1 1840 by Bishop Daniel Wilson of Calcutta. From 1840 to 1947 the church was run by military chaplains for the cantonment used primarily by the British residents of Landour and the British Military Hospital during the British Raj.
 The Albemarle-Kenmore Terraces Historic District is a small historic district located in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. It consists of two short cul-de-sacs Albemerle Terrace and Kenmore Terrace off of East 21st Street and the 32 houses on the two streets.All the houses were designed by the local firm of Slee & Bryson but differ in style between the two streets.
 The Fan Museum was the first museum dedicated to the fan and opened in 1991. It is located within two grade II* listed houses built in 1721 in the Greenwich World Heritage Site in southeast London England. Along with the museum there is an orangery decorated with murals a Japanese-style garden with a fan-shaped parterre a pond and a stream.The Fan Museum owns over 4000 fans fan leaves and related ephemera.
 Greifswald University Hospital (German: Universitätsklinikum Greifswald) in Greifswald Germany is a teaching hospital for the University of Greifswald's medical school. Greifswald University Hospital is owned and operated by a non-profit Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts in cooperation with the university and serves as one of the primary hospitals in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It also fills the function of a tertiary referral hospital for the health care region.
 Temple Building is a historic building at 149 Main Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Sartorial Contemporary Art is an artist-run gallery founded in 2005 by Gretta Sarfaty Marchant artist and curator as a project-led space in central London England. Originally based in an 18th century Georgian house on Kensington Church Street. Sartorial Contemporary Art moved to Kings Cross in October 2008 where it has built a reputation for embracing newly emerging artists.
 Wilkinson House is a historic home located in Pocopson Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1884 and is a two-story five bay frame dwelling with German siding in a Rural Gothic style. It has a full basement and attic and a cross gable roof. It features a three bay front porch with decorative scrollwork.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Fairmont San Francisco is a luxury hotel at 950 Mason Street atop Nob Hill in San Francisco California. The hotel was named after mining magnate and U.S. Senator James Graham Fair (1831-1894) by his daughters Theresa Fair Oelrichs and Virginia Fair Vanderbilt who built the hotel in his honor. The hotel was the vanguard of the Fairmont Hotels and Resorts chain.
 The Merrion Centre in Leeds England is a shopping centre opened in 1964. From construction to the present day the centre has been owned and managed by Town Centre Securities. Originally open air the centre had since had a roof installed during the 1970s onwards. It is an early example of a mixed-use development including offices car parking retail (including a Morrisons supermarket) and entertainment including a bowling alley a nightclub and several public houses.
 Burg Ehrenfels/ Klamm bei Radegund is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Santa Maria dello Spasimo or Lo Spasimo is a church in the Kalsa neighborhood in Palermo Sicily on via dello Spasimo. Construction of the church and accompanying monastery of the Olivetan Order began in 1509 with a papal bull from Julius II on land bequeathed by Giacomo Basilicò a lawyer and the widower of a rich noblewoman. The Spasimo or Swoon of the Virgin was a controversial idea in late medieval and Renaissance Catholic devotion.
 The William Montgomery House is a historic mansion on South Queen Street in Lancaster Pennsylvania United States. Built in 1803 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 18 2000. It has been recognized as one of the best Federal-style buildings in Lancaster.
 The Gallery Vernissage (Croatian: Galerija Vernissage) is an art museum in Osijek Croatia. It is located on Ante Starčević Square.
 Kandilli Earthquake Museum or more formally Museum of Kandilli Observatory and Earthquake Research Institut (Turkish: Kandilli Rasathanesi ve Deprem Araştırma Enstitüsü Müzesi) is a museum devoted mainly to seismology and earthquake science in Turkey.
 Hotel Berolina was a hotel in Berlin Germany which existed from 1963 to 1996 and was set back from the road behind the front Kino International. It was designed by Josef Kaiser and had 375 rooms a restaurant with 200 seats a specialty restaurant in the basement a cafe on the top floor as well as corporate and conference rooms.
 Baranovsky railway station is railway station and railway junction in the village Baranovsky Nadezhdinsky District Primorsky Krai Russia. It belongs to the Vladivostok branch of the Far Eastern Railway.Moving away from single-track branch line station to station Khasan further Russian track comes to North Korea Tumen railway station. The main way of Transsib (in Khabarovsk and Vladivostok) electrified AC 25 kV (1963) the progress on the non-electrified Khasan.
 The Bakersfield Sign (also known as the Bakersfield Arch) is one of the more recognizable landmarks in Bakersfield California. It is located over Sillect Avenue where the street intersects with Buck Owens Blvd. (to the northwest of downtown). The sign can be seen from state route 99 (Golden State Freeway) and is just past the freeway off-ramp. It is also next to the Buck Owens Crystal Palace.This sign is a yellow arch in which blue letters spell out the name of the city.
 Guy C. Crampton House also known as Crampton Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Guy C. Crampton who was a Professor of Entomolgy and Insect Morphology from 1911 to 1947. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Modernist architecture style.
 Perry County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Linden in Perry County Tennessee. It was built in 1928 having replaced an earlier courthouse that was destroyed by fire. The first courthouse in Linden was a log cabin built circa 1845 after Decatur County was split off from Perry County and Linden became the county seat. That log courthouse was replaced in 1849-50 by a new two-story wood-frame building.
 The Lapworth Museum of Geology is a major geological museum run by the University of Birmingham in Edgbaston Birmingham England.The museum is located within the Grade II listed Aston Webb Building which retains the original Edwardian features. The museum has a history which dates back 1880.
 The Mammoth Hot Springs Historic District in Yellowstone National Park comprises the administrative center for the park. It is composed of two major parts: Fort Yellowstone the military administrative center between 1886-1918 and now a National Historic Landmark and a concessions district which provides food shopping services and lodging for park visitors and employees.Fort Yellowstone is a carefully ordered district of substantial buildings that clearly indicate their military origins.
 David R. Francis Quadrangle is the historical center of the University of Missouri in Columbia Missouri. It is named after Missouri governor David R. Francis and is generally just called The Quad. Within the quad are two of the most recognizable symbols of the school Jesse Hall and The Columns. Academic Hall the first building on MU's campus was built in the middle of the present day quad.
 The Mall at Lawson Heights is a shopping centre located at the junction of Warman Road and Primrose Drive in north Saskatoon Saskatchewan. It is currently anchored by Canada Safeway and London Drugs and has almost 100 shops and services. A third anchor bay housed a Zellers department store from the mall's opening until October 2012; it has since been replaced by a Target store.The mall opened in October 1980 during a period of rapid growth in the city's north end subdivisions.
 Landskrona Citadel (Swedish: Citadellet or Landskrona slott) is situated in Landskrona Scania southern Sweden. Initially built 1549–1559 as a purely defensive fortification with two complete moats the inner with a width of 70 metres (230 ft). The outer (complete) moat is between 40 and 70 metres (130 and 230 ft) wide and has cross fire bastions for artillery and guns. Outside the outer moat a third narrower moat covers the northwest and northeast.
 The Kakaʻako Pumping Station in Honolulu Hawaii was designed by architect Oliver G. Traphagen in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. He also designed many such bold stone public works buildings in Duluth Minnesota. Built in 1900 the pumping station features large arched windows exterior walls of local lava rock roofs of green tile and a smokestack 76 feet tall.
 The Kingsland Manor is located in Nutley Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 24 1978.
 The Château de Petit-Bois is a 19th century mansion in Cosne-d'Allier in the Allier départment in the Auvergne region of France.The château was noted for the design of the park which by the use of an artificial channel and a screen of trees gave it the appearance of standing on an island. Its former grounds have been destroyed however.Summed up and translated from the equivalent article at French Wikipédia 6 November 2007
 Dunmere is a historic house at 560 Ocean Road in Narragansett Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1883 by John M. Merrick in a Stick/Eastlake Queen Anne style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. Dunmere was commissioned by Robert G. Dun (of Dun and Bradstreet Fame) and served as his summer home until his death.The original Dunmere estate consisted of 13 acres with 500 feet of ocean frontage.
 The Lower Shell School House is located in an isolated portion of Big Horn County Wyoming on a bluff near Shell Creek. The schoolhouse was built in 1903 and was one of the first buildings in the area that did not use log construction. The school functioned as a church and Sunday school and as a community meeting place.
 The Royal Surrey County Hospital (RSCH) is a 520-bed District General Hospital located on the fringe of Guildford serving a population of 320000 for general services and 1200000 for cancer services.
 Jeff Davis County Courthouse in Hazlehurst Georgia was constructed in 1907 and W. Chamberlain & Co. designed the building. Renovations were completed in 1975 and 1995. The latest renovations were designed by Brittain Thompson Bray Brown Inc. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Designed in the Neoclassical Revival style the courthouse is the county's first. A domed clock tower rises above the structure.
 McCormick House is the residence of the Brazilian ambassador to the United States. It is located at 3000 Massachusetts Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the Embassy Row neighborhood.
 Strauman Church (Norwegian: Strauman kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sydalen on the island of Austvågøya. The church is part of the Gimsøy og Strauman parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. It was formerly called Sydal school chapel before it was consecrated as a church in 1984. The church is located in the old school in Sydalen. It seats about 200 people.
 DIFC towers is a complex of two supertall skyscrapers currently proposed for construction in DIFC Dubai UAE. DIFC tower 1 will have 100 floors and DIFC tower 2 will have 75 floors. The two towers will be connected by three bridges. It is planned that 85 percent of the towers will be office space and the remaining space will be retail and apartments.
 The Holy Cross Church (Finnish: Pyhän Ristin kirkko) in Hattula Finland is the oldest church in the former Tavastia (Häme) province.Archaeologist and art history professor Markus Hiekkanen has shown that construction of the current brick building spanned the period from 1472 to 1490 and that the building did not date to the 14th century as previously thought.Unique for having been built almost entirely of brick rather than stone the church was a popular pilgrimage destination during the Middle Ages. 
 Yong He Yuan (雍河院) is a complex of two residential towers designed by Florent Nédélec and located in Taipei Taiwan.
 Allardt Presbyterian Church (also known as the First Presbyterian Church) is a historic church on Tennessee State Route 52 (Pennsylvania Avenue) in Allardt Tennessee. It is affiliated with the Presbytery of Middle Tennessee and Presbyterian Church (USA).The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center is active in the treatment and early detection of cancer.[1] From the outset the Center was created to be available to all community members in need of its services—regardless of ability to pay. This charge has remained near and dear to the Center’s mission.[citation needed]In 1971 the closest choices for radiation treatment for cancer patients in southeast Louisiana were in Texas or Alabama. They could not stay home and get radiation therapy.
 The Main Street Bridge in Stamford Connecticut carries Main Street over the Rippowam River (also known as Mill River). It was built in 1888. It was designed and manufactured by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.By 1981 it was Connecticut's only wrought-iron lenticular truss remaining on a major artery in an urban center and one of only 17 pony truss bridges in the state.
 Boush-Tazewell House is a historic home located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built about 1783-1784 and is a two-story Georgian frame house five bays wide and two bays deep with a slate covered deck-on-hip roof. It features a two-level tetrastyle pedimented portico supported by slender Tuscan order columns on both levels. It originally stood in downtown Norfolk and was completely dismantled and re-erected in its present location around 1902.
 The Apple Capital Museum is a museum located in Berwick Nova Scotia exploring the history of the Town of Berwick and near-by Kings County communities. The museum is housed in a restored 19th century store originally the Harry Lyons harness shop. In the 1940s it was purchased by Howard Margeson who operated a men's clothing store taxi business and bicycle shop. It was donated to the Museum in 1998 by the Margeson family.
 The Col. Thomas Wentworth Higginson House is a historic house at 29 Buckingham Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is named after author minister and abolitionist Thomas Wentworth Higginson who lived there for a time.The house was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 111 First Street was an artist residency and loft building that developed in the 1980's and is now an approved 52-story skyscraper to be built in the Powerhouse Arts District or WALDO neighborhood of Jersey City. It is designed by Rem Koolhaas and is divided into four vertical rectangular sections that over-hang on the base below as each will be at ninety degree angle to the section below. The building has residences a hotel retail artist lofts and gallery space planned.
 St Werburgh's Church Warburton is the name of two separate churches in the village of Warburton Greater Manchester England. The older church is located to the west of the village and may date back as far as the middle of the 13th century. It is now a redundant church but services are held in the summer months. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Clayton Railroad Station is a historic railway station located at Clayton Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1855 and is a one-story five bay brick Italianate-style building. It as a low hip roof which extends about three feet from the building forming an overhang. It was built by the Delaware Railroad and remained in use as a passenger service into the 1950s. It later housed an antique shop.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Angeles Mesa Branch Library is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library in the Crenshaw neighborhood of Los Angeles. It was built in the late 1920s based on a Spanish Colonial Revival style design by architect Royal Dana.
 Monastery of Dominicans in Tarnobrzeg. In 1677 was founded church of Assumption of Mary by Tarnowski family and given to Dominican order. Destroyed in 1703. Rebuilt in 1706. In 1678 holy icon of Our Lady of Dzików was transferred from Dzików Castle to the monastery and since then the church became the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Dzików. Sometimes it is considered as the Our Lady of Tarnobrzeg or Queen of Sulfur Fields.
 The Cannon Building in Troy New York is located on Broadway between First and State streets. It is the oldest building on Monument Square. It was designed by Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1835. In 1970 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Centrella Hotel at 612 Central Ave. and other addresses in Pacific Grove California United States is a complex of four historic buildings that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The first two buildings of the complex were built during 1888-89.
 Saalegg Castle (German: Burg Saalegg) is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 The Church of Divine Mercy is a church located in Sungai Ara Penang Malaysia.The church was established in July 2005. It is the latest church completed in the Diocese of Penang and also a Christian Community Centre.
 Douglass School is a historic school building for African American children located at Bristol Virginia. The original section was built in 1921 with additions and alterations dating from about 1929 and 1963. It is a two-story three bay brick building with a flat roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Millington is a village within the town of East Haddam Connecticut. Millington lies halfway between East Haddam center and Salem center. It is the section of East Haddam that is the closest to Devil's Hopyard State Park. The village is connected to East Haddam Center and to Devil's Hopyard State Park by a series of secondary roads that are maintained by the state.
 The George H. Kelly House is located at 1924 Binney Street in the Near North Side neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska United States. Built in 1904 in the Neo-Classical Revival style it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and designated a City of Omaha architectural landmark that same year.
 Maple Terrace Court and Walton Apartments is a group of historic dwellings located at Charleston West Virginia. Maple Terrace Court is a row of 2 1⁄2-story brick urban townhouses built in 1914 in the Colonial Revival-style with each two-bay residential units featuring slate-shingled gable roofs with gabled dormers concrete foundations scored to resemble cut stone and brick front porches.
 Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad (1896 Olympics in Athens Greece). With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.The Sailing program of 1980 consisted of a total of six sailing classes (disciplines). For each class seven races were scheduled from 19 to 29 July 1980 of the coast of Tallinn (district of Pirita in that time an annexed part of the USSR at the Baltic Sea.
 Royal Albert Memorial Museum & Art Gallery (RAMM) is a museum and art gallery in Exeter Devon the largest in the city. It holds significant and diverse collections in areas such as zoology anthropology fine art local and overseas archaeology and geology. Altogether the museum holds over one million objects of which a small percentage is on permanent public display.
 Fields Corner Municipal Building is a historic building at 1 Arcadia Street and 195 Adams Street inDorchester Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The building was constructed in 1874 and added to the National Historic Register in 1981.
 Cinnzeo (pronounced sin-zee-oh) is a chain of cafes based out of Calgary Alberta that specialize in serving The Best Tasting Cinnamon Rolls on Earth. The cinnamon rolls are prepared on site from scratch with no preservatives or additives. Also served are a full line of specialty coffees and other beverages. CinnZeo has locations in 20 countries including Canada U.S. Chile throughout the Middle East S.E.
 The Gibraltar Methodist Church is part of the South East District of the Methodist Church of Great Britain. It has a long history associated with the development of British Gibraltar and it has greatly strengthened its ties with the local population since the scaling down of Britain-based forces in recent years. In 2006 it appointed Fidel Patron - the first-ever Gibraltarian Superintendent Minister.
 The Mount St. Joseph Academy is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The building was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1983.The building housed a Catholic girls high school from 1906 to 1978. In 1996 the building was renovated for use as an assisted living facility which presently (2013) is operated as Atria Hamilton Heights.
 Tŷ Pont Haearn is a tall residential building in Cardiff Wales. It has been commercially rebranded by Liberty Living as Liberty Bridge. The 21-storey building comprises 17 floors of 144 student flats on top of a four storey public car park. Tŷ Pont Haearn is the joint-fifth tallest building in Cardiff.
 The Second Bank of the United States located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania was the second federally authorized Hamiltonian National Bank in the United States during its 20-year charter from February 1816 to January 1836.A private corporation with public duties the bank handled all fiscal transactions for the US Government and was accountable to Congress and the US Treasury.
 The Tryp Bellver is a 4-star hotel and skyscraper in Palma de Mallorca in Spain. It is located in city center of Palma de Mallorca near Paseo Maritimo. It is run by Sol Melia. The hotel has 381 rooms and was last renovated in 2007.
 Cesko-narodni sin-Milligan Auditorium also known as Milligan Auditorium is an historic building located in Milligan Nebraska that was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 29 1996. The building serves as a meeting hall for the Czech community. It historically hosted dances Sokol events films and Czech theater.
 The Beth Jacob Social Hall and Congregation (also known as the Beth Jacob Synagogue) was the first synagogue in Miami Beach Florida. It is located at 301 and 311 Washington Avenue. The building at 311 was built in 1929 and designed by H Fraser Rose. The building at 301 was built in 1936 and was designed by Henry Hohauser. On October 16 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is the Jewish Museum of Florida.
 Lauba is a private-owned contemporary art gallery in the Črnomerec district of Zagreb Croatia. It houses exhibits from the Filip Trade Collection a large private collection of works by modern and postmodern Croatian artists. The venue is also used for exhibitions of foreign contemporary artists and for hosting various arts-related events.
 Bens De Luxe Delicatessen and Restaurant was a renowned delicatessen in Montreal Canada. The restaurant was famed for its smoked meat sandwich. During its heyday it was a popular late-night dining fixture in the downtown core and a favourite eatery of many celebrities. It was open for nearly a century from 1908 to 2006. At 98 years it was the oldest deli in the city.
 Bates Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1836 and is a one story five bay cobblestone building with a one story frame rear wing. The house is built of relatively rough and irregularly shaped sized and colored field cobbles. The farmhouse is among the nine surviving cobblestone buildings in Yates County.
 Kugler Hospital is a Landmark of Guntur City. Dr. Anna Sarah Kugler arrived in Guntur India Andhra Pradesh in November 1883. With very few funds and working as a teacher part-time she started a small dispensary and began planning for a hospital for women. Her dream was realized as the American Evangelical Lutheran Mission Hospital Guntur India which opened on June 22 1897.
 Santa Fe Place is an enclosed shopping center in Santa Fe New Mexico. Formerly named Villa Linda Mall Santa Fe Place is one of two enclosed malls in Santa Fe. Santa Fe Place is the largest mall in Northern New Mexico and fourth in the state.
 Downer Tavern also known as the Jonathan Downer House is a historic home that also served as an inn and tavern located at Wharton Township Fayette County Pennsylvania a Pittsburgh suburb. It was built about 1826 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay brick building with a center hall floor plan with Federal style detailing. It has a two-story kitchen ell. Also on the property is a 1 1/2-story stone spring house (now a residence) and a late-19th century frame wash house.
 707 17th Street formerly known as the MCI Building and Arco Tower and now known as the Jacobs Building is a skyscraper in Denver Colorado. The building was completed in 1981 and rises 42 floors and 522 feet (159 m) in height. The building stands as the sixth-tallest building in Denver as of 2010.
 St Michael's Church Manafon is in the small village of Manafon Powys Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Llanfair Caereinion Llanllugan and Manafon the deanery of Caereinion the archdeaconry of Montgomery and the diocese of St Asaph. The church has been designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Old Schoolhouse is located in York Maine. The schoolhouse was built in 1755 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 Nelson County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Lovingston Nelson County Virginia within the Lovingston Historic District. The original building opened in 1810. It is a rectangular two-story stuccoed brick structure with two additions: one of ten feet attached to the rear of the original structure and the other is a large lateral wing across the rear of the first addition. Both of these additions were constructed in 1940. The original structure was partially remodeled in 1968.
 Banksia Hill Juvenile Detention Centre is an Australian juvenile prison facility for offenders aged 10–18 years located at Canning Vale Western Australia. It was opened in September 1997 to replace Longmore Detention Centre in Bentley.The detainees have access to a variety of activities and educational programs.
 Middendorf's also known as Middendorf is a famous Louisiana seafood restaurant and a local institution.
 The Women's Museum: An Institute for the Future was a museum located inside Fair Park in Dallas Texas (USA) covering the subject of American women's history. The Women's Museum's 70000-square-foot (6500 m2) building provided a home for programs and exhibits where people could honor the past and explore the contributions of women throughout history. The idea of the museum was originally conceived by Cathy Bonner in 1996. Wendy Evans Joseph was chosen to be the design architect.
 The McFaddin-Ward House was built in 1905 - 1906 in the Beaux-Arts Colonial Revival style in Beaumont Texas. The historic home is 12800-square-foot (1190 m2) and furnishings reflect the lifestyle of the prominent family who lived in the house for seventy-five years. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.Di Vernon Averill commissioned architect Henry Conrad Mauer to build the house which was sold the next year to Di's brother William P.H. McFaddin.
 A. Everett Austin House was the home of Wadsworth Atheneum director Arthur Everett Austin Jr. in Hartford Connecticut. Chick Austin built the house in 1930 after seeing the Palladian Villas of the Veneto on his honeymoon. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994.The house only one room deep is long and narrow 86 feet in length by 18 feet in depth.
 St Mary and St Michael's Church Great Urswick is located in the village of Great Urswick Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Cuthbert Aldingham St Matthew Dendron and St Michael Rampside. These churches are part of a group known as the Low Furness Group of Parishes.
 The Marine Corps Air-Ground Museum was located at Brown Field Marine Corps Base Quantico Quantico Virginia. It housed a wide variety of historic Marine Corps vehicles/tanks (both wheeled and tracked) equipment artillery pieces and aircraft (both fixed wing (airplanes) and rotary wing (helicopters)) to trace the evolution and significance of the Marine Air-Ground Team. It also contained several pieces of foreign equipment such as a Soviet SU-76M self-propelled howitzer.
 Sabancı Center is a complex of skyscrapers which consists of two skyscrapers in Istanbul Turkey. The third one is approved. Current tallest skyscraper of that complex is Akbank Tower.
 Chez Dominique was restaurant in Helsinki Finland. The chef and owner was Hans Välimäki. The restaurant was located at Rikhardinkatu 4 and seated 50 people.
 Porter House also known as The Farm or Porter Family Homestead in Raymond Mississippi was built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Saint Louis Roman Catholic Church is located at 35 Edward Street Buffalo New York. The Church holds the title of Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. The Gothic-styled church is located on the site of the first Roman Catholic church ever built in Buffalo. The church is laid out in a Latin-cross floor plan and features a 245 ft octagonal Medina sandstone steeple with a Seth Thomas clock.
 Ibestad Church (Norwegian: Ibestad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Hamnvik in eastern part of the island of Rolla. The church is part of the Ibestad parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 St Machar's Cathedral (or more formally the Cathedral Church of St Machar) is a Church of Scotland church in Aberdeen Scotland. It is located to the north of the city centre in the former burgh of Old Aberdeen. Technically St Machar's is no longer a cathedral but rather a high kirk as it has not been the seat of a bishop since 1690.
 Cool Well is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built in 1834-1835 and is a small 1 1/2-story frame Tidewater cottage in the Federal style. The house sits on a brick foundation and has a gable roof with dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Edsberg Castle is a castle in Sweden located by the bay of Edsviken in Sollentuna Municipality north of Stockholm.
 The Watchman Lookout Station No. 168 is one of two fire lookout towers in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. For many years National Park Service personnel used the lookout to watch for wildfires during the summer months. It is also a popular hiking destination because it offers an excellent view of Crater Lake and the surrounding area. The building is unusual because it serves the dual purpose of fire lookout and museum.
 St. Alban's Church Forest Town is a parish church in the Church of England in Forest Town Nottinghamshire.
 The Sherlock Holmes Museum is a privately run museum in London England dedicated to the famous fictional detective Sherlock Holmes.
 The Thaddeus Stevens School is a historic African American school located at 1050 21st Street N.W. in the West End neighborhood of Washington D.C. As of 2001 it was the oldest extant elementary school still being used as a school in the District of Columbia but soon after was involved in controversy as the district government planned to convert it to residential use.
 Bagby Guard Station is a rustic cabin located in the Mount Hood National Forest in western Oregon United States. It is adjacent to Bagby Hot Springs. The guard station was originally built to house fire crews assigned to patrol the surrounding National Forest. The Bagby Guard Station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Black Diamond (Danish: Den Sorte Diamant) is a modern waterfront extension to the Royal Danish Library's old building on Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen Denmark. Its quasi-official nickname is a reference to its polished black granite cladding and irregular angles.
 That El Emad Towers (Arabic: أبراج ذات العماد) are 5 towers in Tripoli Libya It is located in the El Saddi district of Tripoli and is also in the downtown area. The building began construction in early 1984 and opened in 1990. It was built by an Italian company. The complex is made up of 5 towers each having 18 floors and full view of the sea. It was built by Muammar Gaddafi's government.
 Pype Hayes Hall is a former mansion house in the Pype Hayes area of Erdington Birmingham West Midlands. The hall is in Pype Hayes Park by the gardens. It was formerly in the historic county of Warwickshire before being transferred into the new county of the West Midlands along with the rest of the city.
 The Wilbor House also known as The Thompson Farm is a historic home located at Old Chatham in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1790 and is a two-story five by two bay heavy timber frame dwelling on a raised fieldstone foundation. It is topped by a medium pitched gable roof. The house has a one and one half-story wing with a single-story wing extended from it.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Fort Towson was a frontier outpost for Frontier Army Quartermasters along the Permanent Indian Frontier located about two miles (3 km) northeast of the present community of Fort Towson Oklahoma. Located on Gates Creek near the confluence of the Kiamichi River and the Red River in present-day Choctaw County Oklahoma it was named for General Nathaniel Towson.
 Çifte Minareli Medrese is an architectural monument of the late Seljuk period in the Turkish city of Erzurum. Built as a theological school a few years before 1265 it takes its name Twin Minaret Madrasa from the two fluted minarets that crown the monumental façade.
 Old Main was the first building built on the campus of the Agricultural College of Utah now Utah State University. It sits at the top of Old Main Hill overlooking the city of Logan to the west and facing the quad to the east. Old Main is the oldest functioning academic building in Utah.
 Selma Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Selma Alabama. The mall's anchor stores are J. C. Penney Belk Goody's and Citi Trends. The mall opened in 1971 with Sears Britt's (a division of J.J. Newberry) and S.H. Kress as its major stores. By the 1990s Kress had become McCrory Stores and Beall-Ladymon had joined as a central anchor.Sears closed in 1993 and became McRae's (now part of Belk) three years later.
 The Ministry of Finance Building and Complex was constructed in 1990. With a height of 120 metres it is the third tallest building in Borneo[citation needed] after Wisma Sanyan (126 m) in Sibu and Sabah Foundation Building (122 m) in Kota Kinabalu. The building houses the Ministry of Finance Brunei the Brunei Currency and Monetary Board and the Brunei Investment Agency. Ministry of Finance is located five kilometers outside of Downtown Bandar Seri Begawan.
 St. Paul's Parish Church is a historic Gothic Revival Episcopal church designed by architect Ralph Adams Cram. It is located at 26 Washington Street in Malden Massachusetts and was built in 1913. The current building replaced an earlier 1871 building that now serves as the church's parish house. Some of the church's stained glass windows were created by the noted glass studio of Wilbur Herbert Burnhamn.The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Archiepiscopal Court (in Portuguese Paço Arquiepiscopal) or the Old Archbishop's Palace is a palace in Sé district of Braga Portugal.The Palace is a set of three different buildings with distinct characteristics and time periods.The Eastern wing (facing the Santa Barbara Garden is of Gothic style and dates to the 14th and 15th centuries.The Western wing (facing the Municipio Square) was built in the 18th century in the Portuguese Northern Baroque style.The South wing defining the Paço Square is composed of various buildings from the 16th 17th and 18th centuries.Presently the building lodges the Rectorate of the University of Minho the Public Library and the District Archive.
 Whitefield's Tabernacle Tottenham Court Road a church in London England also called Tottenham Court Road Chapel was built in 1756 for George Whitefield. It was enlarged in 1759. John Wesley preached a sermon On the death of the Rev Mr George Whitefield both here and at Whitefield's Tabernacle Moorfields in 1770.The original chapel stood on the west side of Tottenham Court Road between Tottenham Street and Howland Street surrounded by fields and gardens.
 The Musée d'art sacré de Dijon is a municipal museum of Catholic Burgundian sacred art inaugurated in 1980 by Canon Jean Marilier in the Église Sainte-Anne of Dijon. It is labeled Musée de France and was associated in 1993 with the Musée de la Vie Bourguignonne Perrin Puycousin located in the nearby monastery. In 1950 the city of Dijon bought the Église Sainte-Anne located at the 17 rue Sainte-Anne to house the museum in 1979.
 The Wilder-Swaim House is a historic house in Montgomery Ohio United States. Built in 1815 its oldest portion is a one-and-one-half-story building. Although it is primarily a frame structure the house includes multiple elements of other materials such as a brick firewall and a frieze with a bas-relief element.
 The Lake Mary Chamber of Commerce Building (also known as the Frank Evens Center) is a historic site in Lake Mary Florida United States. It is located at 158 North Country Club Road. On February 11 2004 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building was built in 1926 by Frank Evans as a community center and offices for the Lake Mary of Chamber of Commerce.
 The Lyman C. Josephs House is an historic home in Middletown Rhode Island.Architect Clarence Luce built the house in 1882. The home is in an American shingle style and is currently privately owned. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Inkognitogata 18 is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Norway. It is located in Oslo the capital of Norway. The residence was completed in 2008 and is a complex of new and old buildings.
 The Cory House constructed circa 1891 is one of the oldest private residences in College Park Maryland. The house is an example of Queen Anne style architecture. The house is a registered Prince George's County Historic Site.
 Copenhagen City Hall (Danish: Københavns Rådhus) is the headquarters of the municipal council as well as the Lord mayor of the Copenhagen Municipality Denmark. The building is situated on The City Hall Square in central Copenhagen.
 Stein Mill is a historic grist mill located in Greenwich Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1857 and is a 3 1/2-story banked stone building measuring 37 feet 4 inches wide by 45 feet 9 inches deep. Also on the property is the miller's house; a stone dwelling with the oldest section dated to about 1816. It operated as a merchant mill until 1899.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Fishbourne Roman Palace is in the village of Fishbourne Chichester in West Sussex. The large palace was built in the 1st century AD around thirty years after the Roman conquest of Britain on the site of a Roman army supply base established at the Claudian invasion in 43 AD. The rectangular palace surrounded formal gardens the northern half of which have been reconstructed.
 The Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic Gothic Revival church in the Akron Plan style located on Harrison Street in Greenville Indiana United States. It was built in 1899 and designed by church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D. Price. It was also a work of Capt. John Nafius. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Kennedy Park (originally known as South Park) is a 57-acre (23 ha) historic park located in Fall River Massachusetts. It is bounded by South Main Street Bradford Avenue Middle and Bay Streets in the southern part of the city. The area of the city where the park is located was until 1862 part of Rhode Island.The park was originally the farm of John Durfee. The location gained national attention in December 1832 when the pregnant lifeless body of Sarah M.
 The Ivan the Great Bell Tower (Russian: Колокольня Ивана Великого) is the tallest of the towers in the Moscow Kremlin complex with a total height of 81 metres (266 ft). It was built in 1508 for the Russian Orthodox cathedrals in Cathedral Square namely the Assumption Archangel and Annunciation cathedrals which do not have their own belfries.
 The Streibich Blacksmith Shop is a historic blacksmith shop located at 1 N. Howard St. in Newman Illinois. The shop was built in 1870 for local blacksmith Ignatius Streibich. Streibich's shop produced farming equipment and domestic items for residents of the area. In addition Streibich started the first electric power plant in Douglas County in the shop in 1891. While the power plant only lasted a year it provided a model for future electification efforts in Newman.
 The Webster Rock School is an historic rock Works Progress Administration school located on NC 116 in Webster North Carolina USA. In 1990 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It once served as Webster High School and Webster Elementary School. The High School was active from 1936 until consolidation into Sylva-Webster High School (Now Smoky Mountain High School) in 1960.
 The U.S. Customhouse is a historic custom house located at Portland in Multnomah County Oregon. It was built to house offices of the United States Customs Service.
 The Church of the Holy Innocents is located on Main Street in Highland Falls New York USA not far from the main gate of the United States Military Academy and right across from the West Point Museum. It is an Episcopal church established in 1841. The building designed by Robert Walter Weir a Hudson River School painter then employed as an instructor at the academy was completed five years later and consecrated in 1847.
 The Broadway Mansions (simplified Chinese: 百老汇大厦; traditional Chinese: 百老匯大廈; pinyin: Bǎilǎohuì Dàshà) is a nineteen-floor Art Deco five star hotel one of the most famous hotels in Shanghai China. It's been stated since the day of its opening it had been one of the sights of Shanghai and was for over five decades one of the primary symbols of Shanghai.
 St Mark's Church Dolphinholme is in the village of Dolphinholme Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church Over Wyresdale and St Peter Quernmore. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St. John Cathedral (or more formally the Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral of St. John the Baptist often misspelled St. John’s) in Edmonton is the throne of the Bishop of the Western Eparchy of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada. The current Bishop for the Cathedral isIlarion (Roman Rudnyk).
 Northampton Castle was one of the most famous Norman castles in England. It was built under the stewardship of Simon de Senlis the first Earl of Northampton in 1084. It took several years to complete as there is no mention of it in the Domesday Book a great survey of England completed in 1086. The castle site was outside the western city gate and defended on three sides by deep trenches. A branch of the River Nene provided a natural barrier on the western side.
 Post Mills Church (Post Mills Meeting House) is a historic church on VT 244 east of the junction with VT 113 in Thetford Vermont.It was built in 1818 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Nearby attractions are the Vermontasaurus and the Post Mills Airport.
 Quenby Hall is a Jacobean house in parkland near the villages of Cold Newton and Hungarton Leicestershire England. It is described by Pevsner as: the most important early-seventeenth century house in the county (of Leicestershire). The Hall is Grade I listed and the park and gardens grade II by English Heritage.
 The Green Gate (Polish: Brama Zielona German: Koggentor) in Gdańsk Poland is one of the city's most notable tourist attractions. It is situated between Long Market (Długi Targ) and the River Motława.
 HM Prison Deerbolt is a male juveniles' prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the Village of Startforth (near Barnard Castle) in County Durham England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Robert Russa Moton Boyhood Home also known as Pleasant Shade is a historic plantation near Rice in rural Prince Edward County Virginia. The 246-acre (100 ha) acre plantation was the childhood home of African-American educator Robert Russa Moton between 1869 and 1880. The kitchen housing area where Moton lived is also believed to incorporate one of the county's oldest buildings dating to about 1746.
 Pennsylvania Railroad Passenger Station was a historic railway station located at Warren Warren County Pennsylvania.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished.
 Randle Ranger Station-Work Center in Gifford Pinchot National Forest near Randle Washington was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Svce. Architecture Group in Rustic architecture. The listing included seven contributing buildings including a single dwelling a secondary structure a warehouse and a fire station on a 5-acre (2.0 ha) area.
 Nazareth Historic District is a national historic district located at Nazareth Northampton County Pennsylvania. The district includes 503 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site (Moravian Congregational Cemetery) in a mostly residential area of Nazareth. Most of the buildings were built in the mid-19th to early-20th century with a few dated to the 18th century. The buildings are primarily 2 1/2 stories tall and constructed of brick or frame.
 Hale Chapel is a Unitarian chapel in Hale Barns Greater Manchester (grid reference SJ789857). The chapel was built in 1723 and was originally a Presbyterian meeting house. A vestry was added c1880 and around the same time alterations were made to the rest of the building. The chapel features an 18th-century pulpit and 19th century stained glass. Hale Chapel is the earliest place of worship in either Hale or Hale Barns.
 The First National Bank Building is a 417-foot-tall skyscraper in downtown Saint Paul Minnesota.
 Saint Mary of the Angels (Polish: Kościół Matki Boskiej Anielskiej) is historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago in Chicago Illinois. Located at 1810 North Hermitage Avenue in Chicago's Bucktown neighborhood it is an example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of churches. Along with St. Stanislaus Kostka St. Hyacinth Basilica St. Hedwig St. Wenceslaus and Holy Trinity it is one of the monumental Polish churches visible from the Kennedy Expressway.
 Grace A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic church at 219-223 S. Brevard Street in Charlotte North Carolina.It was designed by architects Hayden Wheeler and Schwend and built in 1902. It was added to the National Register in 2008.
 Barton Springs is a set of four natural water springs located on the grounds of Zilker Park in Austin Texas resulting from water flowing through the Edwards Aquifer. The largest spring Main Barton Spring (also known as Parthenia the mother spring) supplies water to Barton Springs Pool a popular recreational destination in Austin. The smaller springs are located nearby two with man-made structures built to contain and direct their flow.
 Nittany Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall in State College Pennsylvania. It is located at the intersections of Route 150 and Route 26 one mile off the I-99 corridor. The mall is noteworthy because it is the only enclosed shopping mall in the State College region. It is uniquely situated within four miles of the Pennsylvania State University allowing the mall to attract both the area resident as well as young affluent college students.
 Greensborough Plaza is a major regional shopping centre located in Greensborough Victoria in the north eastern suburbs of Melbourne Australia.
 The South Australian Aviation Museum displays aircraft and aircraft engines of relevance to South Australia and aviation in Australia. It is also the home of the Defence Science and Technology Organisation's heritage rocket collection. It is located in Port Adelaide South Australia. The Museum's origins can be traced to 1984 when it was started by a group of enthusiasts interested in aviation history and aircraft restoration.
 Hockley Mill Farm also known as Mt. Pleasant Mills and Frank Knauer Mill is a historic home and grist mill located in Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The farm has three contributing buildings and one contributing structure. They are the miller's house 1 1/2-story stone and frame grist mill (1805) stone and frame bank barn (c. 1840) and the head and tail races. The house is a 2 1/2-story five bay banked fieldstone dwelling with a gable roof.
 The Von Allmen Dairy Farm House in Louisville Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 2007. Built in 1912 it was owned by Emil Von Allmen a Louisville dairy leader. It was described as the last vestige of a well-known dairy farmThe house is of Bungalow/Craftsman style 1.5 stories high with Neo-classical detailing.Eventually the consolidation of dairy farming caused the farm to stop producing.
 Tankersley Tavern also known as Old Bridge is a historic building located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built in three sections with the oldest dated to about 1835. It is a two-story nine-bay single pile frame building with an exposed basement and a decorative two-level gallery on the front facade. Also on the property are the contributing washhouse/kitchen three frame sheds and a stone abutment for a bridge.
 South County Hospital is an independent non-profit acute care hospital serving southern Rhode Island. It is located in Wakefield Rhode Island.
 St Swithun’s Church East Retford is a Grade II* listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in East Retford.
 Little River Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Jenkinsville Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1845 and is a one-story frame meeting house plan church. The church is a rectangular clapboard structure of Greek Revival design with Gothic Revival details in the front facade. The front gabled roof is supported by four octagonal columns on a raised platform.
 The Shops on Blue Parkway is a shopping center located in Kansas City Missouri on Blue Parkway & Kensington. The location surrounds the area from Blue Parkway to 50th Terrace on the North/South and 4001 Blue Parkway to Elmwood Avenue on the West/East. It sits on the site of a flooded area near Brush Creek.
 Saitama Prefectural Museum of History and Folklore (埼玉県立歴史と民俗の博物館 Saitama Kenritsu Rekishi to Minzoku no Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Saitama Japan dedicated to the history and folklore of Saitama Prefecture. The museum opened in 1971.
 Meridian Manor is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. George T. Santmyers designed the structure in the Colonial Revival style. It exemplifies the speculative middle class apartment buildings that were constructed in Washington in the 1910s and 1920s near the 14th Street streetcar line. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Jonesboro Union Church is a historic church on Looks Point Road at the junction with U.S. Route 1 in Jonesboro Maine.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The State Dining Room is the larger of two dining rooms on the State Floor of the White House the home of the President of the United States. It is used for receptions luncheons and larger formal dinners called state dinners for visiting heads of state on state visits. The room seats 140 guests. The room measures approximately 48 feet by 36 feet. It has six doors leading to a butler's pantry the Family Dining Room Cross Hall and Red Room and the West Terrace.
 Misis Mosaic Museum exhibits the works that were excavated from Misis Tumulus most notable are the mosaics that were on the floor of a 4th-century temple in the ancient city of Misis. The museum is founded in 1959 in Yakapınar village on the far east end of Adana at the west bank of Ceyhan river.At the museum various periods can be viewed in chronological order and floor mosaics belonging to a Basilica located within the boundaries of the Misis Ancient City is exhibited in situ.
 St. Peter and St. Paul's Church Mottistone is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mottistone Isle of Wight.
 Livingstone Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in Korsten Port Elizabeth in South Africa.
 The Gamwell House was designed by architects Longstaff & Black and was built in 1890. It is one of the most distinguished Late Victorian era homes in the area. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The architectural firm of Longstaff and Black was an eastern firm who had comefrom the Boston area to the Bellingham Bay real estate boom; they also are credited with designing the Cascade County Courthouse in Montana.
 The Masonic Temple in Cadillac Michigan is a commercial building built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 St. Peter's Church Headon-cum-Upton is a parish church in the Church of England in Headon Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Annunciation Church is a church located in Houston Texas listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District formerly known as Tompkins Street Historic District is a historic district in Cortland New York. It encompasses 109 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district of Cortland and the surrounding residential areas. It includes about 60 commercial buildings built between 1860 and 1910 public buildings such as the separately listed U.S. Post Office and the Cortland Rural Cemetery.
 All Hallows Staining was a Church of England church located at the junction of Mark Lane and Dunster Court in the north-eastern corner of Langbourn ward in the City of London England close to Fenchurch Street railway station. All that remains of the church is the tower built around 1320 AD as part of the second church on the site. Use of the grounds around the church is the subject of the Allhallows Staining Church Act 2010.
 The Strathcona Public Building or South Edmonton Post Office is an historic building in the Old Strathcona heritage district of Edmonton.The building was constructed between 1911 and 1913 during a massive building boom in the Edmonton area and at the same time that the city of Strathcona Alberta (also called South Edmonton) was being merged into the city of Edmonton.
 The Center for Puppetry Arts located in Atlanta is the nation’s largest organization dedicated to the art form of puppetry. The Center focuses on three areas: performance education and museum. It is one of the few puppet museums in the world. The Center is located in Midtown the city's arts district. It was founded in 1978 by Vincent Anthony.
 The Atatürk Museum in Mersin (Turkish: Mersin Atatürk Evi Müzesi) is a two-storey house in Mersin which hosted the founder of modern Turkey Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and his wife in 1925.
 The Museum für Naturkunde (MfN) occasionally called the Naturkundemuseum or Humboldt-Museum for short (officially: Museum für Naturkunde – Leibniz-Institut für Evolutions- und Biodiversitätsforschung an der Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin) is a natural history museum in Berlin Germany. The museum houses more than 30 million zoological paleontological and mineralogical specimens including more than ten thousand type specimens.
 The 21st Century Tower is a 55-story skyscraper along the Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai . When it was completed in 2003 it took the title of the world's tallest residential building but later the Eureka Tower in Melbourne Australia and the Q1 tower in Australia's Gold Coast bumped it to its current position.It is occupied by Cabin Crew and Flight Crew of Emirates Airline. It has a gym on the top floor and a pool on the roof.
 611 Place is a 189 m (620 ft) skyscraper at 611 West 6th Street in downtown Los Angeles California designed by William L. Pereira & Associates and completed in 1969. The building was commissioned by the now-defunct Crocker Citizen's Bank and served as its headquarters for many years before being bought by AT&T.
 The Chilton Post Office is a historic post office located at 57 E. Main St. in Chilton Wisconsin United States. The post office was built in 1938 and designed in the Georgian Revival style. The red brick building has a metal hip roof in the front and a flat roof in the back. The front entrance has a pair of bronze aluminum doors with white trim topped by a metal eagle.
 King's College Hospital is an acute care facility in the London Borough of Lambeth referred to locally and by staff simply as King's or abbreviated internally to KCH. It serves an inner city population of 700000 in the London boroughs of Southwark and Lambeth but also serves as a tertiary referral centre in certain specialties to millions of people in southern England. It is a large teaching hospital and is with Guy's Hospital and St.
 All Saints' Church at Boyne Hill is a Grade 1 listed Church of England parish church in Maidenhead in the English county of Berkshire.
 Vander Ende--Onderdonk House (Van Anda House; Van Enden House) is a historic house at 1820 Flushing Avenue in Ridgewood Queens. It is the oldest Dutch Colonial stone house in New York City.The original house on the site was built in 1661 by Hendrick Barents Smidt from land that was granted to him by Peter Stuyvesant. The current structure was built in 1709 by Paulus Vander Ende.
 The Gap Puche Cabin is a log cabin near Jackson Wyoming that is the last survivor of the early outfitting industry in Jackson Hole. It was built circa 1929 at the junction of the Gros Ventre River and Crystal Creek by brothers-in-law Actor Nelson and Charlie Smith. Beginning in 1930 the property was used by John Wort and Steve Callaghan as a base camp for their hunting guide or outfitting operation and became known as Wort's Hunting Camp.
 St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church (French: Église Saint-George Antiochian Orthodox) is a brick Antiochian Orthodox church in the Villeray neighbourhood of Montreal Quebec Canada. Designed by architect Joseph-Raoul Gariépy the church was constructed in 1939-40 to serve the Syrian Orthodox community in Montreal. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1999 as an important symbol of the history and traditions of this community in Canada.
 Johor Premium Outlet (or JPO) is the main shopping centre in Iskandar Malaysia Johor Malaysia. This shopping centre is located at Kulaijaya district. It is via accessible by the Indahpura Interchange of the Second Link Expressway and the North–South Expressway Southern Route. It is the first luxury premium brand outlet in Southeast Asia.
 The Roosevelt School was constructed in 1905 as an elementary school for grades first through sixth. The school was built primarily to service the needs of families in the city center. Initially two grades shared each class room and on occasion the school would handle overflow from the high school. Due to growth in Coeur d'Alene in the 1945 the school began serving only grades first through fourth.
 Woodward Inn also known as the Stagecoach Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Haines Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1814 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone building measuring 45 feet by 35 feet. It has a two-story frame extension all along the back of the stone building. The interior has a center hall plan in the Georgian style.
 The Dundee City Hall and Fire Station was located at 4921 Underwood Avenue in the present-day Dundee neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska.
 Lademoen Church (Norwegian: Lademoen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Lademoen area of the city of Trondheim immediately north of the old European route E6 highway.The church is part of the Lademoen parish in the Nidaros deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. It is the second largest church in the city of Trondheim.
 Dixmont State Hospital (originally the Department of the Insane in the Western Pennsylvania Hospital of Pittsburgh) was a hospital located northwest of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Built in 1862 Dixmont was once a state-of-the-art institution known for its highly self-sufficient and park-like campus but a decline in funding for state hospitals and changing philosophies in psychiatric care caused the hospital to be closed in 1984.
 Evergreen Acres is a historic home and farm complex located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The frame farmhouse was built about 1814 in the Federal style and enlarged and altered about 1860. Also on the property are a barn carriage house two corn cribs a silo and two hen houses.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Faena Arts Center is the cultural center of the Faena District Buenos Aires a residential and cultural community in the Puerto Madero waterfront in Buenos Aires developed by the Faena Group and opened in September 2011.
 The historic Brainerd Public Library is a Carnegie library built in 1904. The building is located at 206 7th Street North in Brainerd Minnesota and is in the Classical Revival architectural style using granite and brick. The facade of the building features a portico with four columns holding up a pedimented gable.
 Two Lakeway Center in Metairie Louisiana is a 19-story 259-foot (79 m)-tall skyscraper. It is the third tallest building in Jefferson Parish Louisiana.
 The Old Gainesville Depot (also known as the Seaboard Air Line Depot or Baird Warehouse) is a historic site at 203 Southeast Depot Avenue in Gainesville Florida. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on November 22 1996. Part of the Depot was built around 1860 to serve the Florida Railroad which reached Gainesville from Fernandina in 1859. The depot was situated with tracks on both sides.
 Saint Irenaeus Church is a former parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The church was founded in the town of Lyons which now the north side of Clinton Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2010.
 The Newport Artillery Company of Newport Rhode Island was chartered in 1741 by the Rhode Island General Assembly during the reign of King George II of Great Britain. It is the oldest military unit in the United States operating under its original charter and the company maintains a museum in its historic armory. The Company has served in wars ranging from the French and Indian War to the First World War. Individual members of the Company have served in every war fought by the United States.
 St. James' Church is a large Church of England church in Barrow-in-Furness England. It belongs to the Diocese of Carlisle which in itself forms part of the ecclesiastical Province of York. St.
 Saint Mary at Stoke is a Grade I listed Anglican church in the Old Stoke area of Ipswich. on the junction of Stoke Street and Belstead Road in Ipswich Suffolk.The church stands in a prominent position near the foot of a ridge just south west of Stoke Bridge and the town centre. Its parish was a small farming community which saw a great increase in population with the coming of the railway to this part of Ipswich.
 Washington Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located in the Hawthorne neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It encompasses eight contributing buildings built between 1889 and 1927. They are large industrial buildings that were occupied by the Main Belting Company John Williams Company and C. J.
 St Thomas' Church East Shefford is a redundant Church of England parish church at East Shefford in the English county of Berkshire. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position at the end of a private drive overlooking the River Lambourn to the southeast of the village of Great Shefford.
 The Plummer Building in Rochester Minnesota is one of the many architecturally significant buildings on the Mayo Clinic campus. This new Mayo Clinic building opened in 1927 added much needed space to the ever expanding Mayo practice. The architect of record is Ellerbe & Co. now Ellerbe Becket. It was the third building designed by the firm for the Mayo Clinic. The Mayo Clinic Buildings were listed on the U.S.
 Vagif Mausoleum (Azerbaijani: Vaqif türbəsi or Azerbaijani: Vaqif məqbərəsi) was built in honor of Molla Panah Vagif a poet prominent statesman and diplomat and vizier - the minister of foreign affairs in the Karabakh Khanate.
 The Canaan Chapel (also known as Canaan Free Will Baptist Church) is a historic chapel on Canaan Road in Barrington New Hampshire. The single story wood frame building was built in 1881 and is one of a small number of surviving area Free Will Baptist churches of the period. The interior of the building consists of a vestibule with a small room off to the right and an auditorium space measuring about 24' by 32'.
 Nela Park is the headquarters of GE Lighting and is located in East Cleveland Ohio United States. Today GE Lighting is a part of GE Home & Business Solutions headquartered in Louisville Kentucky. Nela Park serves as the operating headquarters of GE Lighting.The institute was first organized by entrepreneurs Franklin Terry and Burton Tremaine of the National Electric Lamp Company.
 The Madison Elementary School in the Upper Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1902 and added to in 1929. The exterior features ornately decorated Romanesque-inspired doors and windows. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Crocker Art Museum formerly the E. B. Crocker Art Gallery is one of the leading arts institutions in California and the longest continuously-operating art museum in the West. Located in Sacramento California the Museum hosts one of the state’s premier collections of Californian art.
 Sutton Coldfield Town Hall is a former hotel and council building in Sutton Coldfield Birmingham England. The building is a Grade A locally listed building.The town hall's position on the edge of a steep slope means that it has views over large areas of south Sutton Coldfield whilst the northern area remains at the same or similar gradient.
 Welty's Mill Bridge is a historic multi-span stone arch bridge located at Washington Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It is a 137-foot-long (42 m) two-arch bridge built of limestone. It was constructed in 1856. It crosses the East Branch of Little Antietam.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. John Cantius Parish (Polish: Parafia Świętego Jana Kantego) is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago known for its solemn liturgies and rich program of sacred art and music.Along with such monumental religious edifices as St. Mary of the Angels St. Hedwig's or St.
 Jackson Park Town Site Addition Brick Row is a group of three historic houses and two frame garages located on the west side of the 300 block of South Third Street in Lander Wyoming. Two of the homes were built in 1917 and the third in 1919. The properties were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 2003.
 Battisford Preceptory was a medieval monastic of the Knights of St John house in Suffolk England.
 The Anglecot also known as the Potter Residence is a historic residence in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Wilson Eyre for Charles Adams Potter (1860-1925) a manufacturer of linoleum.Anglecot was a sanatorium in the 1970s. It is now divided into condominiums.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is a contributing property of the Chestnut Hill Historic District.
 The Television Centre Newcastle upon Tyne also known by the street name City Road was home and headquarters of the ITV contractor for the North East region Tyne Tees Television between 1959 and 2005.
 Port Lincoln Prison is an Australian prison located in Port Lincoln South Australia Australia.Sheep and cattle are raised at the prison providing work for low security prisoners involved in running an agricultural business. Located 650km from Adelaide and up to 90 low- medium prisoners are kept there.
 Petworth Gardens also known as the Webster Garden Apartments are historic structures located in the Petworth neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Chicamacomico /tʃɪkʌmʌˈkɑːmɪkoʊ/ Life-Saving Station (CLSS) is a former station of the United States Life-Saving Service. It is located in Rodanthe North Carolina on Hatteras Island of the Outer Banks on the east side of what is today Highway 12. Today the surviving buildings of the station form a museum.
 District School No. 9 sometimes referred to as the Old Stone Schoolhouse is located on NY 17A 1.4 mile (2.3 km) south of Goshen New York. One of the first schools in the county it remained in use for well over a century possibly two.Its year of construction is not known.
 The Henry F. Miller house is an international style house in Orange Connecticut on the United States National Register of Historic Places. The house was designed and built in 1948-1949 by Henry F. Miller as a thesis project for a Master of Architecture at the Yale School of Architecture. The house was one of the areas first modern houses and was featured in the New Haven Register as The House of Tomorrow.
 St Faith under St Paul’s in Castle Baynard Ward was an unusual parish within the City of London. It had been physically removed in 1256 to allow for the eastern expansion of the Old St Paul's Cathedral. Until the reign of Edward VI the parishioners worshipped at the end of the west crypt under St Paul’s Quire. The well known diarist of the Long Parliament Sir Simonds D'Ewes attended the wedding of his father Paul and his stepmother Lady Elizabeth Denton in St. Faith's under St.
 One of the most unusual landmarks of its region the Colorado National Guard Armory known commonly by locals simply as the Armory was built in 1913 by the Colorado National Guard as an armory quarters mess hall and auditorium for the Guard's Company A of Engineers. When it was completed in 1914 the Company was housed in this building's second and third floors while the first-story garden level was available for rental to the public.
 Yielden Castle was a twelfth-century castle located in Yielden in the county of Bedfordshire England.
 Jabez Smith House is a historic house on North Road in Groton Connecticut. The house is owned by the town of Groton and is open to the public on weekends from April through November. The museum features authentic 18th and 19th-century antiques.It was built in 1783 and added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Tokyo Building is a skyscraper located in Tokyo Japan.The Tokyo Building is primarily used for offices and serves as the headquarters of the following companies: Mitsubishi Electric. JPMorgan Chase Mitsubishi Shoji UBS Reality Azbil Tanaka Kikinzoku GroupIt also contains the Tokia retail and dining centre and the Cotton Club nightclub on its lower floors.
 Bay Park Community Hospital is a public hospital in Oregon Ohio that is part of the ProMedica Health System. The hospital was founded in 1999.
 The Lispenard-Rodman-Davenport House in New Rochelle New York a historic residence dating back to the early 18th century. The house is the oldest residential structure in New Rochelle. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.In 1708 Antoine Lispenard bought from Jacob Leisler's son a half interest in the peninsula or neck between New Rochelle Creek and Long Island Sound. Six years later he bought the other half. Across the inlet he built a dam and a tidal gristmill.
 The Appomattox Courthouse is the current courthouse in Appomattox Virginia built in 1892. It is located in the middle of the state about three miles (5 km) southwest of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park once known as Clover Hill - home of the original Old Appomattox Court House.
 Leigh Cell was a monastery in Devon England.
 The Edgewater Public Library is located at 48 Hudson Avenue in Edgewater New Jersey.Serving a population of 7677 the library in 2011 included a collection of 20402 volumes.
 The Russell House is a historic house at 28 Rocky Hill Road in Andover Massachusetts.The weatherboarded Federal-style home was built in 1805. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The farm encompasses some 11 acres (4.5 ha).
 L'Auberge is a former restaurant located in Weert in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the period 1986-1991 and two Michelin stars in the period 1992-2000. The restaurant closed down due to bankruptcy.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 320 Middle Avenue in Elyria Ohio.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Territorial Army centre was built on Derby Road in Nottingham between 1910 and 1912 by architects Arthur Brewill and Basil Baily. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The West Side Market is the oldest operating indoor/outdoor market space in Cleveland Ohio. It is located at the corner of West 25th Street and Lorain Avenue in the Ohio City neighborhood. On December 18 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Rail and Titsworth Canal Warehouse also known as DeCilio's is a historic canal warehouse building located at Belfast in Allegany County New York. It is the oldest surviving warehouse from along the route of the Genesee Valley Canal later Genesee Valley Canal Railroad. It was built about 1853 in the Greek Revival style.
 St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church in Stovertown Ohio.It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Hyatt Regency Atlanta is a large business hotel located on Peachtree Street in downtown Atlanta Georgia. Opened in 1967 as the Regency Hyatt House John C. Portman Jr.'s revolutionary 22-story atrium design for the hotel has influenced hotel design enormously in the years since. The hotel instantly became one of the most recognized buildings in Atlanta. The building consists of the main Atrium Tower and two extensions completed in 1971 and 1982 containing a total of 1260 rooms.
 The Smith-Ballou House is an historic house in northwestern Woonsocket Rhode Island. The 1906 house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Charles Sumner House is a National Historic Landmark at 20 Hancock Street on Beacon Hill in Boston Massachusetts that was home to abolitionist U.S. Senator Charles Sumner.The Federal style house was built in 1851 and added to the National Historic Register in 1973.
 The Bailey Island Bridge (also called the Cribstone Bridge) is a historic bridge in the town of Harpswell within Cumberland County in the state of Maine.
 St.Matthias Church - South bazar church is a Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church situated at Kunnamkulam in Thrissur District of Kerala India. This church is commonly known as Ambala Palli.
 Patton Historic District is a national historic district located at Patton in Cambria County Pennsylvania. The district includes 42 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential area of Patton. The predominant architectural style is American Foursquare with some notable examples of Colonial Revival and Romanesque Revival styles. Notable buildings include the St. Mary's Church (1899) St. Mary's Rectory (1899) St. Mary's School (1913) A. O. Summerville House (c. 1897) W. H.
 The Seth E. Ward Homestead also known as Ward House or Frederick B. Campbell Residence is a Greek Revival building from 1871. It is located in Kansas City Missouri within Jackson County. It was a home of Seth E. Ward.The property including two contributing buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The two buildings included are the Bent House and the Ward House from a historic plaque (pictured).
 Boston Edison Electric Illuminating Company is a historic utility company building at 25-39 Boylston Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1906 by Winslow & Bigelow and Bigelow & Wadsworth as the headquarters of the Boston Edison Illuminating Company. It is an early skyscraper with Beaux Arts detailing and made of limestone. Winslow & Bigelow responsible for the design of many large commercial buildings in Boston designed the main building (#23-27).
 International Council of African Museums (also known as AFRICOM) is a membership-based international Non Governmental Organization (NGO) which serves as an association for museums heritage professionals and stakeholders.
 Gamel Hexadecagon Barn is a historic barn located at North Collins in Erie County New York. It is a 16-sided barn with a diameter of 80 feet (24 m). It is a two story frame structure and covered with board and batten siding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Kékestető TV Tower (Hungarian: Kékes TV-torony) is a 176-metre (577 ft) tall multifunctional transmitter built of reinforced concrete on the 1014-metre (3327 ft) high Kékes mountain Hungary. It is also an observation tower including a restaurant.
 Perth Mosque located in Perth Western Australia is the oldest mosque in Perth. The mosque was designed and built in 1904 or 1905 by Fatteh Mohammad Dean an immigrant from Punjab.
 Bridgeport Correctional Center is a high-security state prison for men in Bridgeport CT. It was built in and received its first inmates in 1958. It contains both pre-trial defendants for the courts of Ansonia Derby Milford Bridgeport Danbury Norwalk and Stamford and sentenced offenders.
 The Palazzo Chigi (Italian pronunciation: [paˈlattso ˈkiːdʒi]) is a palace or noble residence in Rome and the official residence of the Prime Minister of the Italian Republic. Since February 22nd 2014 the occupant of Palazzo Chigi has been Matteo Renzi. The Palazzo overlooking the Piazza Colonna and the Via del Corso was begun in 1562 by Giacomo della Porta and completed by Carlo Maderno in 1580 for the Aldobrandini family. In 1659 it was purchased by the Chigi family.
 The University of Santo Tomas Museum of Arts and Sciences is the oldest existing museum in the Philippines. Started as a Gabinete de Fisica an observation room of mineral botany and biology collections in the 17th century. Under the old Spanish educational law the collections were used as classroom materials for the courses in science especially in Medicine and Pharmacy.
 Renji Hospital (simplified Chinese: 仁济医院; traditional Chinese: 仁濟醫院; pinyin: Rénjì Yīyuàn) is a general hospital in Shanghai China with the rank of Grade 3 Class A. The hospital is a university hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
 Sempringham Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England located in the medieval hamlet of Sempringham to the northwest of Pointon. Today all that remains of the priory is a marking on the ground where the walls stood and a square which are identifiable only in aerial photos of the vicinity.
 Handycraft Farmstead also known as Ewetopia is a historic farm located at Washington Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The contributing buildings are a hewn timber frame Pennsylvania barn (c. 1840) hewn log secondary house (c. 1830) octagonal stone smoke house (c. 1830) and an animal barn / shed dated to the late-19th or early 20th-century. The main house (c.
 The O’Brien County Courthouse located in Primghar Iowa was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Smithfield Farm is a historic plantation home and farm located near Berryville Clarke County Virginia. The manor house was completed in 1824 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal-style. It has a low hipped roof and front and rear porticos. Also on the property are the a schoolteacher's residence and a combination farm office and a summer kitchen each with stepped parapet facades.
 The Klaus Block is a historic building in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built along Main Street in 1870 it is a rectangular three-story structure built in a Victorian variant of the Gothic Revival style of architecture. The exterior features a simple rectangular shape of three bays on each side topped with a hip roof of asphalt.
 Pollard Baptist Church is a church in Ashland Kentucky. Organized on January 3 1892 with fifty-four charter members by S. Hensley L. Mutters J. D. Crum N. B. Adkins and J. S. Gilpin it was originally called the First Baptist Church at Pleasant Springs before being given its present name in August 1900.
 The Hildreth-Flanagan-Heierman House is a historic home in the Hyde Park historic district in Austin Texas. It is also a part of the Shadow Lawn Historic District a subdivision of the Hyde Park neighborhood designated by Hyde Park founder Monroe Shipe.The home was completed in 1902 by master builder William Voss Sr. for owner Charles A. Hildreth at a total cost of $2718. The house combines features of the Queen Anne and Colonial Revival styles.The house is located at 3909 Avenue G.
 The Chapel of All Souls is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Shandalee Livingston Sullivan County New York. It was established in 1912 and closed in 1970. It was formerly attached to St. Aloysius in Livingston Manor. The address is on Shandalee Road Livingston Manor New York 12758. St. Aloysius Church in Livingston Manor was built in 1896.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Prestwich is located in Church Lane Prestwich Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Radcliffe and Prestwich the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series refer to it as a major church.
 First opened in 1972 the Lister Hospital is based on the outskirts of Stevenage in Hertfordshire. It is operated by the East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust along with the Queen Elizabeth II Hospital in Welwyn Garden City. The Lister Hospital currently has 650 beds and an A&E department. It was listed by the Conservative Party (UK) in 2007 as one of 29 hospitals most at risk of being closed in England.
 Teoronto Block Historic District is a national historic district located in the Frankfort neighborhood of Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district consists of 10 contributing buildings originally built beginning in 1844 with later additions and modifications. It is reflective of Rochester's early commercial and industrial development as an Erie Canal-oriented boom town. It includes a block long group of three story brick commercial buildings known as the Teoronto-Smith Block.
 Santo Stefano dei Cavalieri is a church in central Pisa located on Piazza dei Cavalieri (Knight's Square).Construction began on April 17 1565 in order to build a church for the Order of Knights of St Stephan founded by the Grand Duke Cosimo de' Medici to fight Saracen piracy in the Mediterranean.
 The Benton County State Bank Building located in Corvallis Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 141 E. 9th Street in Trenton Missouri.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The McCullough-Price House is a 1938 pueblo revival home in Chandler Arizona.
 Old Værøy Church (Norwegian: Værøy gamle kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Nordland. The church is part of the Værøy parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in Kabelvåg in 1746 and it was moved to the island of Værøy in 1799. It is the oldest church in Lofoten that is still in use. It has worship service every fourth Sunday.
 The Glocester Town Pound is a historic site on Pound Road and Chopmist Hill Road in Glocester Rhode Island.The stone pound was built in 1748 to confine stray livestock and is allegedly the oldest extant pound in America. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1970.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch Building is a bank building located at 160 West Fort Street in downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.The building was constructed in 1927 in a Classical Revival style.In 1951 an eight-story glass-and-marble annex designed by Minoru Yamasaki was added to the building.
 Central Plaza Pinklao is a shopping mall on Borommaratchachonnani Road in Bangkok Noi district Bangkok Thailand.
 Greater St. Paul AME Church is a historic church at 215 W. 3rd Street in San Angelo Texas United States.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The American Fork Cemetery Rock Wall on N. 100 e. in American Fork Utah was built in 1937 and 1938. It was a work of the Works Progress Administration. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.The south wall is 923 feet long and the east wall is 817 feet long ignoring breaks for entrances.
 The Bovenkerk (also known as the Church of St. Nicholas) in Kampen is a large Gothic basilica and the most striking element on the skyline of Kampen. The interior of the church contains an early-Renaissance choir screen a stone pulpit and a monumental organ. The church has 1250 seats. It is a Reformed church.
 Saint Louis University Hospital is a hospital in St. Louis. Saint Louis University Hospital also widely known as SLU Hospital has been owned by the Tenet Healthcare Corporation since the university sold it in 1998. SLU Hospital remains the main teaching hospital for Saint Louis University School of Medicine. SLU Hospital has been recognized by US News & World Report magazine as one of the top 10 geriatric hospitals in the United States.
 First National Bank Building also known as the Old First and Merchants National Bank Building and BB&T Bank Building is a historic bank and office building located in Richmond Virginia. It was designed by noted architect Alfred Bossom and built in 1912-1913. It is a 19-story four bay by five bay Classical Revival style steel frame building clad in brick limestone and granite. The building features rich architectural ornament that follows the Corinthian order both within and without.
 McAlister Square is a repositioned shopping mall in Greenville South Carolina. It is a hybrid property containing a campus of Greenville Technical College.The mall opened in 1968 featuring anchor stores Ivey's and Meyers-Arnold. A Belk-Simpson department store was added in 1974 bringing the mall to approximately 500000 square feet (46000 m2) of leasable space. A Winn-Dixie grocery store movie theater and bank branch were outparcels.
 Firepower: The Royal Artillery Museum is a military museum in Woolwich in south-east London England which tells the story of the Royal Regiment of Artillery and of the Royal Arsenal.
 Vytautas' the Great Church of the Assumption of The Holy Virgin Mary (Lithuanian: Vytauto Didžiojo bažnyčia) is a Roman Catholic church in the Old Town of Kaunas Lithuania and is one of the oldest churches in the city.
 The Woodmen Tower is a 478-ft (146-m) high-rise building at 1700 Farnam Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska and is the headquarters of the Woodmen of the World insurance company. Originally completed in 1969 the Woodmen rises 30 stories.
 Rajmahal Hotel is situated in Paltan Bazaar in Guwahati. It is a Four Star Hotel. Due to its location near the Railway station of Guwahati it attracts a large number of tourists mainly from the North-Eastern states of India.
 184 38th Street also known as McBride Log House is a historic log house in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Before its demolition it was thought to be the oldest log house in any major American city to be used as a residence.Dating to the 1820s it was one of the original buildings in Lawrenceville. Several attempts have been made by historical groups to restore the building but such efforts are cost prohibitive.
 The British Columbia Provincial Archives are located in Victoria British Columbia Canada. The BC Archives merged with the Royal BC Museum in 2003. The BC Archives contain the archives of the British Columbia government and are valuable for both research and preservation activities. The BC archives have been archiving significant artifacts documents and records since 1894 including private historical manuscripts maps and government records.
 De Oldehove is an unfinished church tower in the medieval centre of the Dutch city of Leeuwarden. It leans more than the tower of Pisa in Italy.Oldehove is also the name of an artificial mound (terp in Dutch) on which in the late 9th century a (Catholic) church dedicated to Saint Vitus was built. Construction of the adjoining Late Gothic tower began in 1529 after the citizens of Leeuwarden demanded a tower taller than the one in the city of Groningen the Martinitoren.
 The Isaac Royall House is a historic house located at 15 George Street Medford Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark operated as a non-profit museum and open for public visits between June 1 and the last weekend in October.The Royall House is notable for its excellent preservation its possession of the only surviving slave quarters in Massachusetts and its American Revolution associations with General John Stark Molly Stark and General George Washington.
 The Wanpi World Safari Zoo (Chinese: 頑皮世界野生動物園; pinyin: Wánpí Shìjiè Yěshēng Dòngwùyuán) is a zoo in Xuejia District Tainan Taiwan.
 The Heermance Farmhouse is an historic structure in the town of Red Hook New York USA. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and is an example of an intact 18th-century Dutch stone farmhouse in the Hudson Valley region of the state. It is one of only about six standing stone houses in the town.
 Parliament Street Methodist Church is a Methodist church on Parliament Street in Nottingham.
 The Gamma Phi Beta Sorority House located in Eugene Oregon United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mosque of Sultan al-Mu'ayyad is a Mosque in Cairo Egypt next to Bab Zuwayla built by the Mamluk sultan Al-Mu'ayyad Sayf ad-Din Shaykh from whom it takes its name. Construction began in 1415 and the mosque was completed in 1421. The complex included a Friday mosque and a madrasa for four madhhabs. It replaced a prison which originally stood next to Bab Zuwayla.
 St Michael's Church Coppenhall is in the Coppenhall area of Crewe Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich.
 Columbia Union Church (also known as Epping Baptist Church) is a historic church in Epping Maine.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Dr. John C. Irons House also known as the Dr. S. G. Moore Home is a historic home located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was built in 1889 and is a two-story Italianate frame dwelling with drop wood siding a brick foundation and a T-shape plan with rear one-story addition. It has a low pitched gable end to the side with a two-story projecting angled bay added about 1911.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Nuneaton Museum & Art Gallery is set in the grounds of Riversley Park Nuneaton England and has three galleries which house regularly changing temporary and touring exhibitions. There is a gallery dedicated to the writer George Eliot together with two others focusing on local history and fine art. There is a small display of objects which belonged to the comedian Larry Grayson.The museum opened in 1917. It was paid for as a gift to Nuneaton from Edward Ferdinand Melly.
 The Sparks Steak House is a steakhouse restaurant located at 210 East 46th Street (between Second Avenue and Third Avenue) in Midtown Manhattan New York City.
 Kenwood Towne Centre is a shopping mall located at corner of Montgomery and Kenwood Roads adjacent to Interstate 71 northeast of Cincinnati.Presently encompassing 1078300 leasable square feet and housing 180 stores and services Kenwood Towne Centre is operated by Chicago-based General Growth Properties.
 The Dr. William Gifford House is a historic Tudor Revival house in Cleveland Ohio United States. Located east of downtown the house sits in a neighborhood of historic houses and is a part of the Upper Prospect Multiple Resource Area. It was designed by Cleveland architect William W. Sabin and built in about 1901.
 Old US 71 – Greenland Segment is a former alignment of U.S. Route 71 (US 71) near Greenland in Washington County Arkansas. The roadway of about 0.75 miles (1.21 km) is a 1930 construction and was the main travel route in the county upon construction until US 71 bypassed this alignment in 1980.
 The Château du Plessis-Josso is a fortified 14th century manor house in the Morbihan département of France. The manor is located in the town of Theix near Vannes. The manor-house is open for tours during the summer and offers its main hall for hosting events and marriages as well as a small country cottage outside the enclosing walls.
 St John the Baptist's Church Avon Dassett is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Avon Dassett Warwickshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Richland Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Clarksville Howard County Maryland United States. The main house is a log and frame house the earliest section of which is presumed to date from 1719. The main block comprises three sections with a large addition on the rear. It features a one story shed-roofed wrap-around porch supported by Doric order columns.
 Thremhall Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 Hulen Mall is a diverse-scale shopping mall located in southwest Fort Worth Texas. Located at the southwest corner of Interstate 20 and Hulen St the mall is in southwest side of the DFW Metroplex.Hulen mall opened in 1977 and is anchored by three major department stores and contains over 140 specialty shops and stores.The mall is owned and operated by General Growth Properties (GGP) a major shopping mall developer.
 The Ritz-Carlton Philadelphia is a 394 feet (120-meter) 30-story skyscraper located south of City Hall in the Center City of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1930-1931 as the Girard Trust Building. The tower was actually an addition to a domed low-rise building which was constructed in 1908. It was then renamed Two Mellon Plaza. One Meridian Plaza (1972-1999) was connected to this building.
 St Giles' Church is an Anglican church in the village of Horsted Keynes in Mid Sussex one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. Serving an extensive rural parish in the Sussex Weald it stands at the north end of its village on the site of an ancient pagan place of worship.
 The Queen Elizabeth Hospital is located on Woolwich Common in London England was opened in March 2001 and serves patients from the Royal Borough of Greenwich and the London Borough of Bexley. The hospital was built to accommodate the services previously provided at Greenwich District Hospital and is a Private Finance Initiative hospital.
 Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences also known as Telfair Academy and Telfair Mansion is a historic mansion in Savannah Georgia. Originally a family townhouse it became a free art museum in 1886 known as the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences.
 The Fairview Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Curtis Avenue in Dalton Massachusetts. Established in 1885 the cemetery became the resting ground for many of Dalton's heavily Irish Catholic working class and features more densely spaced burials than the more elaborate Main Street Cemetery. Although the cemetery is 6.3 acres (2.5 ha) in size it has the same number of plots as the larger (10-acre) Main Street Cemetery.
 The U.S. Post Office-New London Main is located in New London Connecticut. The post office was built in 1932 in Classical Revival architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Abbey Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul Bath commonly known as Bath Abbey is an Anglican parish church and a former Benedictine monastery in Bath Somerset England. Founded in the 7th century Bath Abbey was reorganised in the 10th century and rebuilt in the 12th and 16th centuries; major restoration work was carried out by Sir George Gilbert Scott in the 1860s.
 The Ahijah Wood House is an historic house at 175 Worcester Road in Westminster Massachusetts. The two story brick Federal style house was built in 1795 and is a rare example of a Federal period house with mansard roof. Ahijah Wood's son Aaron who succeeded to the property was a prominent local church member and politician.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 (where it is incorrectly listed at 174 Worcester Road).
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Șamșud Romania completed in the 17th century.
 Gārsene Manor is a Neo-Gothic manor house located in the historical region of Selonia in Latvia. The palace houses a museum where visitors can view an exhibition about the Baltic-German von Budberg family.
 Palmetto Health System is composed of two separate hospital systems which formed in the late 1990s when the Richland Memorial and Baptist systems joined to form Palmetto Health.Palmetto Richland hospital was originally established in 1892 as Columbia Hospital and was one of the first hospitals in the city. Over the years with the growth of Columbia and the arrival of Fort Jackson the hospital expanded. It outgrew its original location on Harden St. by the 1960s.
 St. Andrew Memorial Church is a Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral on Main St in South Bound Brook New Jersey United States. It is the headquarters of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA.
 Woodspring Priory is a former Augustinian priory beside the Severn Estuary about 3 miles (5 km) north-east of Weston-super-Mare North Somerset.The priory was founded in the early thirteenth century and dedicated to Thomas Becket (the founder was a grandson of Reginald Fitzurse one of Becket's murderers). It was home to a small community of Victorine Canons.After the Dissolution of the Monasteries the priory was converted into a farmhouse.
 The Goodwood plant serves as the headquarters design manufacturing and assembly centre for Rolls-Royce Motor Cars.Officially opened for business on 1 January 2003 the plant has been expanded twice since and now covers 22500 square metres (242000 sq ft). It presently employs 800 workers half of whom are employed in the wood and leather shops. The plant reached a record production figure of 15 cars per day in June 2010.
 House at 285 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1884 and is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard house with a square plan and cross-gabled roof in the Italianate style. It features deep overhanging eaves with decorative scrollsawn brackets and round arched windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 410 W. Kaufman in Paris Texas.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The David and Drusilla Baxter House at 206 W. 1600 N. in Orem Utah was built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.According to its NRHP nomination the house is a good example of the transitional character of the architecture on the Provo Bench at the latter-part of the 19th century; it includes Classical and Late Victorian elements.
 St. Matthew's Episcopal Church and Churchyard is historic church on St. Mary's Road in Hillsborough North Carolina.It was built in 1825 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 The New Haven County Courthouse is located in the Downtown section of New Haven Connecticut. The building was built in 1917 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 16 2003.It faces onto the New Haven Green. Specifically it is located on the northwest corner of Elm and Church Streets facing the northeast corner of the green across Elm Street. It contains several of the city's grandest interior spaces.The courthouse was designed by William H.
 St Mary-at-Hill is a Church of England church on Lovat Lane a cobbled street off Eastcheap in the ward of Billingsgate in the City of London. It was originally founded in the 12th century and it was first known as St. Mary de Hull or  St. Mary de la Hulle.
 900 North Michigan in Chicago is a skyscraper completed in 1989. At 871 feet (265 m) tall it is currently the eighth tallest building in Chicago and the 25th tallest in the United States. It was developed by Urban Retail Properties in 1988 as an upscale sister to Water Tower Place one block southeast and was the second vertical mall built along the Magnificent Mile.The building features a large upscale shopping mall called 900 North Michigan Shops.
 Neill-Mauran House is a historic double house located in the Rittenhouse Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect Wilson Eyre (1858-1944) and built in 1890. It is a four-story asymmetrical brick faced dwelling with basement and attic. The entries have brownstone trim and the overall design is in a Medieval Revival style.
 The Henry Lischer House is an historic home located in the Hamburg Historic District in Davenport Iowa United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993. The Italian Villa style home was designed by Davenport architect Frederick Clausen.
 Portland Manor also known as the Benjamin C. Neff House is a historic home at Lothian Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a 2-story center-passage plan frame building. The main block was constructed in 1754 with the two wings added and enlarged about 1852.
 Brick House also known as Woodlands is a historic plantation home located at White Plains Brunswick County Virginia. It was built about 1831-1833 and began as a two-story brick I-house. It was remodeled in 1860 with the addition of the massive hexastyle portico covering the entire front facade. Also on the property is a contributing 19th-century outbuilding connected to the main house by a covered walkway.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Prospect Point Camp is an Adirondack Great Camp notable for its unusual chalets inspired by European hunting lodges. William L. Coulter's design is a significant example of the Adirondack Rustic style. It is located on a bluff overlooking the northern reaches of Upper Saranac Lake near Eagle Island Camp and Moss Ledge two other Coulter designs. Its grand scale is typical of the opulent camps of the area in the great camp era.
 Robert R. Coker House is a historic home located at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. It was built in 1938 and is a two-story brick Colonial Revival style residence. It has a rectangular plan with a symmetrical five-bay façade a lateral gable roof and an engaged two-story portico supported by six slender square columns. A two-story wing was added to the west elevation and a one-story wing was added to the east elevation about 1942. It was the home of Robert R.
 The Myrtles Plantation is an antebellum plantation in St. Francisville Louisiana near Baton Rouge. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The plantation is rumored to be on top of an ancient Tunica Indian burial ground. It is currently a bed and breakfast and offers historical and mystery tours.
 The Zion – Mount Carmel Highway was proposed by the Utah Parks Company which managed tourist concessions in Zion National Park as a means to link Zion with Grand Canyon National Park and other attractions in northern Arizona. The road runs from the entrance to Zion eastward to Mount Carmel Junction with US 89 as a portion of Utah State Route 9.
 St Stephen's Church Low Elswick is a redundant Anglican church in Brunel Terrace Low Elswick Newcastle upon Tyne Tyne and Wear England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Henry W. Baker House is located at 233 S. Main St. in Plymouth Michigan. It was built as a private home but now houses commercial space. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1981 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The SantralIstanbul (Turkish: Santralİstanbul) opened in 2007 is an arts and cultural complex located at the upper end of Golden Horn in the Eyüp district of Istanbul Turkey.
 The Immaculate Conception Church and School are located at 2708 South 24th Street in the South Omaha area of Omaha Nebraska. The 1926 church and its former school building built in 1912 were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. Both buildings were designed by Omaha architect Jacob M. Nachtigall.
 SM Suzhou is the 1st SM mall in Jiangsu Province and it is also the 5th China mall expansion of SM Prime Holdings in the whole country with 72552 m2 retail space. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings under the management of Henry Sy a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon. The mall was opened to the public on September 23 2011
 St. Mark's Hospital (informally St. Mark's) is a hospital in the Harrow and Wembley border as well as the London Borough of Harrow and London Borough of Brent border in northwest London. It is the only hospital in the world to specialise entirely in intestinal and colorectal medicine and is a national and international referral centre for intestinal and colorectal disorders.
 The Webster Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church off NH 127 on Long Street in Webster New Hampshire United States. The church was built in 1823 by George Pillsbury a local builder with interior joinery by William Abbot another experienced church builder and is an excellent representation of late Federal styling. The main facade has three entrances each topped by a semicircular fanlight with reeded soffit.
 The Gottlieb Brown Covered Bridge also known as the Sam Wagner Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Liberty Township near Potts Grove in Montour County Pennsylvania and East Chillisquaque Township near Mooresburg in Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It is an 86 foot 8 inch long Burr Truss bridge built in 1881. It crosses Chillisquaque Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Salar Jung Museum is an art museum located at Darushifa on the southern bank of the Musi river in the city of Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is one of the three National Museums of India. It has a collection of sculptures paintings carvings textiles manuscripts ceramics metallic artefacts carpets clocks and furniture from Japan China Burma Nepal India Persia Egypt Europe and North America. The museum's collection was sourced from the property of the Salar Jung family.
 The Galena Historic District is a historic district located in the city of Galena Illinois USA. The historic district encompasses 85 percent of the city of Galena and includes more than 800 properties. The downtown area consists of three successive tiers made up of Main Bench and Prospect Streets. Within the boundaries of the district are such notable homes as the Ulysses S. Grant Home and the Elihu B. Washburne House. The Galena Historic District was added to the U.S.
 The New Smyrna Museum of History is located at 120 Sams Avenue New Smyrna Beach Florida in the New Smyrna Beach Historic District. It contains exhibits depicting the history of New Smyrna Beach. The building itself was constructed in 1923 as the local post office. It later housed the administrative office of New Smyrna Beach Utilities. The city gave the building to the Southeast Volusia Historical Society in 2002 and it opened as a museum the following year.
 The Romness Bridge near Cooperstown North Dakota is a Pratt through truss structure that was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Camak House at 279 Meigs Street Athens Georgia was built in about 1834 by James Camak and featured in Georgia's early railroad history. An example of Federal architecture it has a number of features unusual for its period including a kitchen within the raised basement and closets. Both main floors have four rooms; the stairwell has a mahogany railing and moldings and trim were made using a Greek key pattern.
 Mills Mill was a textile mill in Greenville South Carolina (1897-1978) that in the 21st century was converted into loft-style condominia. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wychbury Ring is an Iron Age hill fort located on Wychbury Hill near Hagley Stourbridge on the border of West Midlands and Worcestershire in the English Midlands.The fort measures 250 m (820 ft) from east to west and 150 m (490 ft) from north to south covering an area of 7.25 acres (2.93 ha). It has two sets of ramparts and ditches.
 Immanuel Congregational Church also known as St. Mark's Congregational Church and known since 1945 as Union Baptist Church is a historic Congregational church at 461 Decatur Street in Bedford-Stuyvesant Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1898 and is a two story masonry building in the Neo-Renaissance style. The front facade is faced in yellow Roman brick. It measures approximately 90 feet wide and 100 feet deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 St. Bridget's Roman Catholic Church Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Bloomfield in Ontario County New York. The complex consists of three contributing buildings (church built 1874–1875; rectory built 1897; and carriage barn built 1904) and one contributing site the church cemetery. the church is a late Victorian eclectic brick edifice with restrained Italianate and Romanesque Revival–style design and decorative features.
 Rush University Medical Center is a 676-bed academic medical center that includes hospital facilities for adults and children. It also includes the Johnston R. Bowman Health Center (a 61-bed rehabilitation facility). It is affiliated with Rush University. Rush is a not-for-profit health care education and research enterprise comprising Rush University Medical Center Rush University Rush Oak Park Hospital and Rush Health.
 Tennessee State Museum is a large museum in Nashville depicting the history of the U.S. state of Tennessee. Starting from pre-colonization and going all the way to the 20th century the museum describes the American Civil War the Frontier and the age of President Andrew Jackson. The museum includes an area of more than 60000 square feet (5600 m2) of permanent exhibits and a hall with changing exhibitions covering 10000 feet (3000 m).
 The US Bancorp Center is a 467-ft (142 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. Completed in 2000 the 32-story building is the 13th-tallest in the city. It serves as corporate headquarters for US Bancorp and US Bank. A skyway connects the building to Macy's and 900 Nicollet Plaza. Several low-rise buildings were demolished to make way for this building including the 808 Building. This is one of the three contiguous blocks designed by Ellerbe Becket from 1998–2001.
 Fort Phil Kearny was an outpost of the United States Army that existed in the late 1860s in present-day northeastern Wyoming along the Bozeman Trail. Construction began Friday July 13 1866 by Companies A C E and H of the 2nd Battalion 18th Infantry under the direction of the regimental commander and Mountain District commander Colonel Henry B. Carrington. The post was named for Maj. Gen. Philip Kearny a popular figure in the American Civil War.
 Old East Boston High School (also known as Joseph H. Barnes School) is an historic school at 127 Marion Street in East Boston Massachusetts. It now acts as Section 8 housing for elderly or disabled people.The Renaissance style school was built in 1901 by John Lymon Faxon and Charles Reggio Greco. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Tuskegee Airmen National Historic Site at Moton Field in Tuskegee Alabama commemorates the contributions of African American airmen in World War II. Moton Field was the site of primary flight training for the pioneering pilots known as the Tuskegee Airmen and is now operated by the National Park Service to interpret their history and achievements. It was constructed in 1941 as a new training base.
 Hull Royal Infirmary is one of the two main hospitals for Kingston upon Hull (the other being Castle Hill Hospital in nearby Cottingham). It is situated on Anlaby Road just outside of the city centre and is run by Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust.Hull General Hospital was built in 1782 then in 1884 the Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh laid the foundation stone for a new building and it was renamed Hull Royal Infirmary. This was in the centre of Hull.
 Mary A. Wolfe House is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 3 1980.It is one of multiple places associated with architect Samuel Hannaford that were listed on the National Register as part of a 1978 Thematic Resource study.
 The Condominiums at North Bank Park is a 267ft (81m) tall high rise in Columbus Ohio. It was constructed from 2006 to 2007 and has 20 floors. The 20th tallest building in Columbus was designed by 360 Architecture and developed by Nationwide Realty Investors.[citation needed]
 Moreland is a historic home located at Bethesda Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story early Colonial Revival frame dwelling that was constructed about 1894. The home was the summer residence for Washington D.C. businessman and former District of Columbia Commissioner Samuel E. Wheatley and that family owned it from 1894 until 1944.Moreland was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 North School is an historic former school on Congress Street in Portland Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was converted into subsidized housing for seniors by the City of Portland. It is located in the East Bayside India Street neighborhood.
 The Shoppes at Old Bridge is a regional shopping mall located in Old Bridge Township New Jersey on U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and Texas Road nearby the Route 18 freeway. It is an open-air lifestyle center with high-end stores and a selection of casual and sit-down dining establishments. Groundbreaking occurred in April 2006 and the mall opened in May 2007. Having over 100000 square feet (9300 m2) of retail space The Shoppes at Old Bridge is owned by Stanbery Development a Bexley Ohio company.
 The Cloisters is a museum located in Fort Tryon Park in Upper Manhattan New York City. It is a branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art used to exhibit the museum's extensive collection of art architecture and artifacts from Medieval Europe.
 The Hollywood Studio Club was a chaperoned dormitory sometimes referred to as a sorority for young women involved in the motion picture business from 1916 to 1975. Located in the heart of Hollywood Los Angeles California the Studio Club was run by the YWCA and housed some 10000 women during its 59-year existence.
 Camp Curtin Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Curtin Heights Church and Camp Curtin Memorial-Mitchell United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It is a masonry constructed building faced with buff Holmesburg granite over brick in a Late Victorian / Romanesque style. The rear section was built in 1895 as the church.
 The Awbury Historic District is a historic area in the East Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The district comprises the former summer homes and farms of the extended Cope family who moved to the area starting in 1849.
 Aichelberg Castle (German: Burgruine Aichelberg) is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Fred Krause House on W. Main St. in Hazen North Dakota United States was built in 1916. It has also been known as the Joe Friedlander House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1992.According to its NRHP nomination it is one of a rare few American Foursquare homes in North Dakota that retain essential integrity of porch siding and decorative features.
 The Edward Dexter House is an historic house at 72 Waterman Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1795 in a Georgian-Federal style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Highland Building is a 13-story building in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Construction on the a building was completed in 1909 with Daniel Burnham being the principal designer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.Henry Clay Frick originally commissioned the building. Following the Chicago school of architecture the building features a granite base and terracotta exterior.
 The New Ulm Oil Company Service Station is a historic gas station in New Ulm Minnesota. The private commercial structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on December 31 1979. Its strong fanciful visual images exemplify independent gas station designs of the 1920s.
 The William H. Lewis Model House is a Colonial Revival house in Portland Oregon United States. It is also known as the Frederick and Caroline Rothchild House and the Arnold and Enid Blitz House. Designed by noted Oregon architect Ellis F. Lawrence it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Istana Melawati is the second national palace of Malaysia's Yang di-Pertuan Agong in Putrajaya after the Istana Negara Kuala Lumpur. It serves as a royal retreat for the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
 Saint Joseph Parish in Mountain View California is a parish of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church. The parish and its church are located in Mountain View in the state of California the parish falls under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California and its bishop.
 Chicago History Museum (formerly known as the Chicago Historical Society) was founded in 1856 to study and interpret Chicago's history. It is located in Lincoln Park in a building at 1601 North Clark Street at the intersection of North Avenue in the Old Town Triangle neighborhood. It was renamed the Chicago History Museum in September 2006.
 Spencerport Methodist Church also known as Spencerport United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Spencerport in Monroe County New York United States. It is a Romanesque style three- by seven-bay church building constructed of brick on a foundation of Medina sandstone. Initially constructed in 1870-1871 the interior was updated in 1909 to the Akron Plan precepts for church design.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Bridge in Lykens Township No. 2 is a historic single span stone arch bridge spanning a tributary of Pine Creek at Lykens Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1872 and has a camelback shape. The property measures 25 feet long by 25 feet wide. It is built of coursed ashlar.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Church of the Holy Name of Jesus is located on Oxford Road in the heart of Manchester University's campus in Manchester England. It was built between 1869 and 1871 and designed by Joseph A. Hansom & Son. The tower designed by Adrian Gilbert Scott was erected in 1928 in memory of the rector Fr Bernard Vaughan SJ. The church was granted Grade I listed building status on 5 April 1989 upgraded from Grade II* which was granted on 18 December 1963.
 The Josiah Kirby House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming Ohio United States. Erected in the late nineteenth century it was originally the home of a prominent Cincinnati-area businessman and politician and it has been designated a historic site.
 Daniel Brooke Building is a historic Georgian building of Toronto Canada located at Jarvis Street and King Street. Built in 1833 for owners Daniel Brooke and John Murchison it is one of the last remaining buildings of the old Town of York. It was one of only a handful of buildings in the part of town to survive the Toronto Fire of 1849. The building has been home to a number of commercial enterprises. It was the site of James Austin and Patrick Foy's grocery store.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Church Warsop is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Church Warsop.
 The Regional Science Centre Bhopal (RSCB) is located in the Shyamla Hills area of Bhopal India. It is aimed at popularizing science and technology among the people particularly the students. It is one of the constituent units of the National Council of Science Museums or NCSM.RSCB was inaugurated on 12 January 1995 by the then president of India Shankar Dayal Sharma
 The Brooklyn Trust Company was a New York City bank. The company was chartered in 1866. In 1873 it had difficulties resulting in a brief suspension of operations. Between 1913 and 1930 the company acquired five other banks through mergers. The company merged into the Manufacturers Trust Company on October 13 1950. At the time of the merger the Brooklyn Trust Company had 26 branches.George Vincent McLaughlin was president of the Brooklyn Trust Company starting in 1940.Charles J.
 Mary Jenkins Community Praise House is a historic church located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. It was built about 1900 and is a narrow one-story gable roofed building of frame construction with the entrance in the gable end. It is significant as one of four known extant African-American praise houses on St. Helena Island and is historically and culturally significant for its central place in the religious and social life of the black islanders.
 St Michael the Archangel in Framlingham Suffolk known affectionately as St Mike's is a Church of England church dedicated to Saint Michael the Archangel. It was the burial site of the Howard family. The church was declared a Grade I listed building in 1966.
 China Camp State Park is a state park of California USA surrounding a historic Chinese American shrimp-fishing village and a salt marsh. The park is located in San Rafael California on the shore of San Pablo Bay. It is known for its hiking and mountain biking trails scenic views and open spaces. The 1514-acre (613 ha) park was established in 1976.A Chinese shrimp-fishing village thrived on this site in the 1880s. Nearly 500 people originally from Canton China lived in the village.
 The Maryina Roshcha Synagogue (Russian: Московская Синагога Хабада в Марьиной Роще) is a synagogue in Moscow established in 1925 at Vtoroy Vysheslavtsev Lane 5a.
 The original Old Town Methodist Church built in 1890 is an historic wooden Methodist church building now situated behind the Old Town United Methodist Church built in 1983 a short distance west of the intersection of U.S. 19 and Road 349 in Old Town. Dixie County Florida. Built by Ed Hill and Charlie Hill at another location in Old Town it has been moved several times before reaching its present site. In the 1980s it was used as an annex to the new building.
 Founded in 1861 the Stagecoach Inn of Salado Texas is the longest continuously operating hotel in the state. The Inn was built as a stagecoach stop along the Chisholm Trail. The guest book features General George A. Custer Robert E. Lee and Jesse James along with cowboys desparados and travelers.The three star hotel is situated on Salado Creek the first designated natural landmark in Texas.
 The First Christian Church on N. Main St. in Nashville Arkansas was built in 1911. It was a work of the noted church architect Benjamin D. Price and his son Max Charles Price. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The U.S. Customhouse is a historic custom house located at Savannah in Chatham County Georgia. It was built to house offices of the United States Customs Service.
 St. Andrew Cathedral is a Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral at 15100 New Hampshire Avenue in Silver Spring Maryland United States. It is the seat of the Archbishop of New York-Washington.
 All Saints Margaret Street is a Grade I listed Anglican church in London. The church was designed by the architect William Butterfield and built between 1850 and 1859. It has been hailed as Butterfield's masterpiece and a pioneering building of the High Victorian Gothic style that would characterize British architecture from around 1850 to 1870.The church is situated on the north side of Margaret Street in Fitzrovia near Oxford Street within a small courtyard.
 The Teachout Building is an historic building located in the East Village of Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Peterson and Mustard's Hermitage Farm is a historic home located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It built about 1863 and is a two-story L-shaped frame dwelling in the Italianate peach house style. It consists of a three bay flat roofed main block with a rear service wing. The front facade features a Greek Revival-style entryway.
 Church of the Resurrection is a historic church at 302 High Ridge Road in Little Switzerland North Carolina.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Ghadames Museum is a museum located in Ghadames Libya. With its multiple wings the museum specialises in Berber history and area wildlife.
 Morning Chapel Christian Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church located on 901 E. Third Street in Fort Worth Texas.It was built in 1934 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Allen County Courthouse in Fort Wayne Indiana is one of 37 United States National Historic Landmarks in the state of Indiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2003.
 The Abial Cushman Store in Lee Maine also known as Lee Forest Grange was built in 1840 in Greek Revival style. It served as a department store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places December 18 1990.
 The Payson Historic District is a 300-acre (120 ha) historic district in Payson Utah that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It includes 429 contributing buildings two contributing structures one contributing site and five contributing objects. It includes work dating to 1857 and Mid 19th Century Revival architecture and Late Victorian architecture.
 Great Yarmouth Carmelite Friary in Norfolk England was founded in 1276 by the White Friars or Carmelites in the reign of Edward I and dedicated to St. Mary.From 1430 to 1455 a John Tylney was prior. On 1 April 1509 the church and convent burnt down. In 1538 the friary was suppressed by Richard Yngworth and in 1544 the land was granted to Thomas Denton and Robert Nottingham.A 17th-century Grade II listed building now stands on the site at 6-12 George Street Great Yarmouth.
 The Henry Montague House in Kalamazoo Michigan was built in 1861. It includes Greek Revival and Italianate stylings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 West Park United Reformed Church is located on West Park in Harrogate. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Kleive Church (Norwegian: Kleive kyrkje) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Kleive at the eastern end of the Fannefjorden. The church is the only church in the Kleive parish which is part of the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden octagonal church was built in 1858 in the Empire style. The church seats about 270 people.
 The Lake Oswego Odd Fellows Hall in Lake Oswego Oregon was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It served historically as a professional building as a clubhouse as a meeting hall and as a specialty store.
 Cranmer House also known as Kerwin House is a historic two-story Italian Renaissance Revival stucco clad house located at 200 Cherry Street in Denver Colorado. The house was built in 1917 for George E. Cranmer who served as Denver Manager of Improvement and Parks. It was designed by architect Jules Jacques Benoit Benedict. An addition built in the late 1920s including a dormer was designed by architect Burnham Hoyt. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Altenberg Abbey (Abtei Altenberg) (Latin: Vetus Mons) is a former Cistercian monastery in Altenberg now a part of Odenthal in the Bergisches Land North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.It was founded in 1133 as a daughter house of Morimond Abbey and settled initially in the old castle of the Counts of Berg Burg Berge which the counts had left for Schloss Burg but moved to the new purpose-built monastery in the valley of the Dhünn in 1153.
 The Natt and Christena McDougall House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bishop's Palace also known as Gresham's Castle is an ornate Victorian-style house located on Broadway and 14th Street in the East End Historic District of Galveston Texas.
 The U.S. Animal Quarantine Station is located in Clifton Passaic County New Jersey United States. The buildings were built in 1900 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 9 1981. The site is now the Clifton Municipal Complex.Two of the buildings were renovated and turned into the Clifton Arts Center Gallery and Studio. An atrium was built to connect the two buildings.
 The St. Vitus Cathedral (Croatian: Katedrala Svetog Vida) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Rijeka Croatia. The Church of St. Vitus was in Middle Ages a small and one-sided romanesque church dedicated to the patron saint and protector of Rijeka. It had a semi-circular apse behind the altar and covered porch. With the arrival of the Jesuits in Rijeka the Cathedral as we see it today was founded in 1638. First it became the Jesuits' church.
 The Jameh Mosque of Saveh (Persian: مسجد جامع ساوه‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Sāveh) is a Seljuk-era mosque located in Saveh Iran. This monument was built in the 12th century coinciding with the establishment of the city itself.
 Newton D. Baker House also known as Jacqueline Kennedy House is a house built in 1794 in Washington D.C.. It was home of Newton D. Baker who was Secretary of War during 1916-1920 while he presided over America's mass mobilization of men and material in World War I.After the assassination of president John F.
 The Capital Club Building at 16 W. Martin St. in Raleigh North Carolina was built in 1929. It was designed by architect Frank B. Simpson in Art Deco architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 George Westinghouse Jr. Birthplace and Boyhood Home is a historic home located at Central Bridge in Schoharie County New York. The property includes two 19th-century residences two small barns a well house and privy as well as the site of a combined blacksmith shop and threshing machine works.
 The Little Chief Service Station (built in 1929) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Riversdale neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Originally build as a gas service station for Texaco Oil Company of Canada. Cars and farm vehicles were often serviced at the station while owners shopped in the Riversdale area.
 The Orrin and Roxanne Fairman Kinyon House is a private house located at 7675 N. Ridge Road in Canton Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Matthew Henson Residence is where Matthew Henson the African American polar explorer lived from 1929 until his death in 1955. Largely forgotten he was arguably the first man to reach the North Pole in 1909 as he was assigned the task of breaking trail in explorer Robert Peary's expedition.
 The Mahaska County Courthouse in Oskaloosa Iowa United States was built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Brooklyn Hospital Center was founded in 1845 and is a 464 licensed bed full-service community teaching hospital located in Downtown Brooklyn. The hospital is affiliated with the NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System. The hospital serves a diverse population from a wide range of ethnic backgrounds.
 The German Center for Pediatric and Adolescent Rheumatology in Garmisch-Partenkirchen (also called the 'Kinderrheumaklinik' i.e. the Pediatric Rheumatology Hospital) is the largest specialized center for the treatment of children and adolescents with rheumatic diseases and chronic pain syndromes in Europe.
 The Nook also known as the Francis Farquhar House is a historic home located at Spring Garden Township York County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect John A. Dempwolf and built between 1893 and 1898. It is a 2 1/2-story Queen Anne / Shingle Style dwelling. The exterior has a variety of finishes including brick clapboard wood shingles and stucco. The house features a polygonal turret intersecting roofs of slate and shingle and terra cotta ornamentation.
 The Woodman Institute Museum in Dover New Hampshire United States is a museum dedicated to history science and the arts. It was created in 1915 with a bequest of $100000 from philanthropist Annie Woodman to encourage her city's education in those three fields. The institute opened on July 26 1916.
 Bowen Court is a bungalow court located at 539 E. Villa St. in Pasadena Los Angeles County California. The court includes 34 bungalows arranged in an L shape and is one of the largest bungalow courts in southern California. Built from 1910 to 1912 Bowen Court is the oldest bungalow court in Pasadena. The court was designed by Arthur and Alfred Heineman who planned the court around a Craftsman style courtyard.The court was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 17 1982.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Sorrows (Saint Mary Basilica) is a Catholic basilica church in Natchez Mississippi.The Diocese of Natchez (now the Diocese of Jackson) was erected in 1837 and in 1842 construction began on a new cathedral. It was dedicated on December 25 1843 and consecrated on September 19 1886 and remained the cathedral of the diocese until 1977.
 Herrick Medical Center is a public hospital in Tecumseh Michigan that is part of the ProMedica Health System.
 The Mikvé Israel-Emanuel Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת מקווה ישראל-עמנואל‎; English: The Hope of Israel-Emanuel Synagogue) in Willemstad Curaçao is one of the oldest synagogues in the Americas.
 The Morris Museum of Art in Augusta Georgia was established in 1985 as a non-profit foundation by William S. Morris III in memory of his parents as the first museum dedicated to the collection and exhibition of art and artists of the American South.In 1989 Morris bought 230 pictures for the museum from Southern art collector Robert P. Coggins with Keith Claussen appointed museum director the following year.
 The Meridian Mall is a large shopping complex in Dunedin New Zealand designed by ASA Crone Architects an Australian development company. At 16000 m2 (172222.6 sq ft) it is the largest retail mall in the southern South Island and one of the largest in the South Island as a whole.The mall was constructed in 1995-1997 behind the former Arthur Barnett building in George Street which was designed by Edmund Anscombe (1874-1948) and completed in 1924.
 The Northwestern Ontario Sports Hall of Fame established in 1978 in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada is dedicated to the people of Northwestern Ontario who have achieved greatness in any kind of sport.It is located on 219 South May Street in Downtown Fort William.
 Karmawibhangga Museum also known as Borobudur Museum is an archaeology museum located just several hundred meters north of 8th century Borobudur Buddhist monument within Borobudur Archaeological Park Magelang Regency Central Java Indonesia. The museum featuring pictures of Karmawibhangga bas reliefs carved on the hidden foot of Borobudur some disassembled Borobudur stones archaeological artifacts founds around Borobudur and Central Java.
 Kaniakapupu (the singing of the land shells) is the now dilapidated summer palace of king Kamehameha III and his queen Kalama on Oahu in Hawaii.
 The Biggin Church Ruins are the ruins of a church in Berkeley County South Carolina. Biggins Church is its name in the USGS Geographic Names Information System. The ruins are about 2 mi (3 km) from Moncks Corner South Carolina near the intersection of South Carolina Highway 402 and State Highway 8-376. The church has been burned three times since it was first constructed in about 1711. It was the church of the parish of St. John's Berkeley.
 The Crescent Development Project or The Crescent (formerly known as Caspian Plus) is an under construction skyscraper complex which is being built at the Caspian Sea coast in Baku. The project comprises an offshore Hotel (Crescent Hotel) business center (Crescent City) residential tower retail and entertainment center (Crescent Place).
 Knockinaam Lodge is a restaurant located in Portpatrick Dumfries & Galloway Scotland. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 The Colclesser Bridge over the Niobrara River about 11 miles south of Rushville Nebraska is a bridge erected at its current location in 1933. Its span was one of four 248 foot spans in the Columbus Loup River Bridge that was built in 1888 and that carried the Lincoln Highway over the Loup River.
 The Tinner's Arms is a traditional Cornish pub in Zennor Cornwall. It is located opposite St Senara's Church and was originally built in 1271 to house the masons building the church. The name is derived from the Tinners with records of tin extraction in the area dating back to Tudor times.D. H. Lawrence stayed for a fortnight in the pub in 1916. The pub sign pictures a tin miner at work testimony to its origins. It is the only pub in the village.
 The Riverdale Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Riverdale Park Prince George's County Maryland. The community developed starting in 1889 around the B & O passenger railroad station as an early railroad suburb northeast of Washington D.C. Later 20th century additions expanded the community. One of the more imposing features of the community is the early-19th-century mansion known as Riversdale.
 The Lorenzo Hubbell Trading Post and Warehouse was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The building is located in the western part of the historic center of the city of Winslow Arizona. It currently serves as the Winslow visitor center.
 Napa State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Napa California founded in 1875. It is located along California State Route 221 also known as the Napa Vallejo Highway.
 The Equitable Trust Building or Broad and Locust Building is a 21-story skyscraper three blocks south of Philadelphia City Hall designed by Horace Trumbauer. Trumbauer designed the building in 1925 after completing a similarly styled residential building the Chateau Crillon Apartment House on Rittenhouse Square for the owner of the Equitable Trust Company Louis Cahan.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Jekyll Island Club was a private club located on Jekyll Island on the Georgia coastline. It was founded in 1886 when members of an incorporated hunting and recreational club purchased the island for $125000 from John Eugune du Bignon. The original design of the Jekyll Island Clubhouse with its easily identifiable turret was completed in January 1888.
 Montana Mike's is a full-service steakhouse that is part of the Stockade Companies.Montana Mike's has twenty-four locations in eight states (Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Missouri North Dakota Oklahoma and Texas) featuring steak grilled chicken baby-back ribs and catfish. Their slogan of Welcome to 'Big Steak Country'  shows the emphasis on steak.
 Kelsborrow Castle is an Iron Age hill fort. Hill forts were fortified hill-top settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age. It is one of only seven hill forts in the county of Cheshire in northern England and was probably in use for only a short time. In the 19th century a bronze palstave was recovered from the site. It is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 The Germania Bank Building is an 1889 Richardsonian Romanesque office tower in Saint Paul Minnesota built of sandstone designed by J. Walter Stevens and draftsman Harvey Ellis. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Town Farms Inn is a property in Middletown Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The inn supported the town farm which was a kind of poor farm that provided employment and food for indigent people. (A similar town farm was operated in Hartford on land now part of the Sigourney Square District.)There are two principal buildings. The older structure dates back to the late 1830s and is a 2 1/2 story Federal style house built of brick.
 The American Independence Museum is a historic house museum located in Exeter New Hampshire. Its 1-acre (0.40 ha) campus includes two buildings: the Ladd-Gilman House a registered National Historic Landmark built in 1721 by Nathaniel Ladd and the Folsom Tavern built in 1775 by Colonel Samuel Folsom. The museum was opened in 1991 after a rare copy of the Declaration of Independence known as a Dunlap Broadside was found in the Ladd-Gilman house 200 years after its arrival in Exeter.
 St Michael's Church Hoveringham is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Hoveringham.
 All Saints’ Church South Leverton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in South Leverton.
 Coldwater Church of the Brethren is a historic church at 100 Block N. High Street in Greene Iowa.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Hose Station No. 1 is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1999.
 Wright's Ferry Mansion is a historic home located in Columbia Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1738 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular limestone dwelling with a gable roof and pent eave.
 Rixos Al Rasheed Baghdad Hotel (sometimes spelled Al-Rashid) (Arabicفندق الرشيد) is an 18-story hotel in Baghdad Iraq favored by journalists and media personnel due to its location within Baghdad's Green Zone. It is named after the eighth century Caliph Harun Al-Rashid. It has been a focal point in a number of conflicts in the region most recently the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 The Rialto Theatre is a former movie palace located on Park Avenue Montreal Quebec Canada. It is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada.Constructed in 1923-1924 and designed by Montreal architect Joseph-Raoul Gariépy who specialized in theatre and hospital projects the Rialto was inspired by Neo-baroque-style Paris Opera House. The interior was designed by Emmanuel Briffa designer of over sixty Canadian movie houses in the Louis XVI style.
 Sarnath Museum is the oldest site museum of Archaeological Survey of India. It houses the findings and excavations at the archaeological site of Sarnath by the Archaeological Survey of India. Sarnath is located near Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh. The museum has 6832 sculptures and artifacts.
 State Street Public School is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 1990.
 The Horta Museum (French: Musée Horta Dutch: Hortamuseum) is a museum dedicated to the life and work of the Belgian Art Nouveau architect Victor Horta and his time. The museum is housed in Horta's former house and atelier Maison & Atelier Horta (1898) in the Brussels municipality of Saint-Gilles. In the splendid Art Nouveau interiors there is a permanent display of furniture utensils and art objects designed by Horta and his contemporaries as well as documents related to his life and time.
 The Waddy House also known as the Williamson farm or the Jarvis Ballard house is a historic home located at Princess Anne Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Georgian-style mid-18th-century brick house supported by a raised Flemish bond brick foundation. The four-room plan dwelling measures 32 feet across by 32 feet deep.
 Ed Galloway's Totem Pole Park consists of eleven objects and one building on 14 acres (57000 m²) in Rogers County Oklahoma. The park is ten miles (16 km) north-east of Claremore and is located 3.5 miles (6 km) east of historic U.S. Route 66 and Foyil. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1999 and is currently owned and operated by the Rogers County Historical Society and the Foyil Heritage Association.
 St. Andrew's Church Chale is a parish church in the Church of England located in Chale Isle of Wight.
 The NHK Broadcasting Center (NHK放送センター NHK Hōsō Sentā) headquarters of NHK is located in Jinnan Shibuya Tokyo Japan. It includes studios and offices as well as shops and the popular Studio Park which is a popular attraction for schoolchildren and tourists.
 The House at 5 Lincoln Road is a historic house at 5 Lincoln Road in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Pusat Kesenian Jakarta Taman Ismail Marzuki or popularly known as Taman Ismail Marzuki (abbreviated TIM) is an art and cultural center located in jalan Cikini Raya 73 Central Jakarta Indonesia. Also within this complex stood Jakarta Art Institute and Jakarta Planetarium. TIM has six modern theatres for performing arts exhibition hall gallery archive building and cinema.
 Fatty Arbuckle's American Diners is an American themed restaurant chain in the UK founded by Pete Shotton. The chain was prominent in the 1980s but has since declined. It focused on large portions at cheap prices.
 Wishaw General Hospital is a district general hospital in the Craigneuk area of Wishaw North Lanarkshire.
 The First Baptist Church of Camillus is located at 23 Genesee Street in the Village of Camillus New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. It is credited to architect Archimedes Russell.
 The Webb County Courthouse is located in Laredo in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Eizō & Tōichi Katō Memorial Art Museum (加藤栄三・東一記念美術館 Katō Eizō Tōichi Kinen Bijutsukan) is a museum located in Gifu Park in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is dedicated to the works of the brothers Eizō and Tōichi Katō who were born in the city. It is part of the Gifu City Museum of History.
 The Stephen Collins Foster Memorial is a performing arts center museum and archive at the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA.It is a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District is designated as a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historical Landmark and is a landmark whose significance is designated by a Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission Historical Marker.
 Courthouse Place also known as the Cook County Criminal Court Building is a Richardsonian Romanesque-style building at 54 West Hubbard Street in the Near North Side of Chicago. Designed by architect Otto H. Matz and completed in 1893 the build stands on the prior location of a public market. The structure housed the Cook County Criminal Courts for 35 years and was the site of many legendary trials including the Leopold and Loeb murder case and the Black Sox Scandal.
 Bon Air also known as the Adam and Susan Bear House and Bear Lithia is a historic home located near Elkton Rockingham County Virginia. It was built about 1870 and is a two-story central-passage plan brick dwelling with Italianate and Greek Revival style decorative details. It has a metal-sheathed hip-and-deck roof a rear two story ell front and back porches and two one-story bay windows on the front facade.
 Nativity of Our Lord Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Ouzinkie Alaska.The current building was built in 1906 as a replacement to an older adjacent building from 1849 or 1855 that was left to deteriorate. Its design was based on that of the 1888 Russian Orthodox church at Karluk which itself was based upon the church at Belkofski.
 The Hildreth Covered Bridge also known as the Hills Covered Bridge or Lafaber's Mill Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Washington County Ohio United States. Located off State Route 26 in Newport Township about 5 miles (8.0 km) east of the city of Marietta the bridge historically carried Hills Bridge Road over the Little Muskingum River.
 Tianlong Hotel is a canceled 330 m (1080 ft) hotel skyscraper planned with 73 storeys in the Nanan District of Chongqing China.
 Mefjordvær Chapel (Norwegian: Mefjordvær kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Mefjordvær. The church is part of the Berg parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1916 and it seats about 120 people.
 Owen Park is a historic district in Tulsa Oklahoma. Its borders are Edison Avenue on the north the municipal Owen Park on the east the Keystone Expressway (Hwy 412) on the south and Zenith Avenue on the west. Opened on June 8 1910 it was Tulsa's first municipal park.
 Baptist Chapel Great Warford is located in Merryman's Lane in the village of Great Warford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Providence Jewelry Manufacturing Historic District is a historic district bounded by Ship Street Ashcroft and Elbow and Hospital Streets Point and South Streets Imperial and Claverick Streets and I-195 in Providence Rhode Island.The district features various nineteenth century buildings in Greek Revival and Federal styles and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Musée des Lunettes et Lorgnettes Pierre Marly is a museum of eyeglasses located in the 1st arrondissement of Paris France at 380 rue Saint-Honoré. It is open Tuesday through Saturday; an admission fee is charged.The museum was created by Pierre Marly optician to crowned heads public figures and celebrities.
 Warehouses in Omaha Multiple Property Submission is a National Register of Historic Places Multiple Property Submission in Omaha Nebraska that was created in 1998. The submission included a group of several downtown Omaha warehouses that were constructed by businessmen benefiting from Omaha's central role in the U.S. ground-based transportation network of the late 19th- and early 20th centuries.
 St. Joseph's Church (Chinese: 大聖若瑟堂) commonly known as Wangfujing Church (Chinese: 王府井天主堂) or Dongtang (Chinese: 東堂 the East Cathedral) is an early 20th-century Romanesque Revival church that is one of the four historic Catholic churches in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Beijing. It is located in the Dongcheng District of the city at 74 Wangfujing Street.The construction of the church was finished in 1655 by Jesuit missionaries.
 Saga Prefectural Nagoya Castle Museum (佐賀県立名護屋城博物館 Saga Kenritsu Nagoya-jō Hakubutsukan) opened in 1993 in Karatsu Saga Prefecture Japan on the site of Nagoya Castle built in 1591 as the base for Hideyoshi's invasions of Korea.
 The Irvington Bowman Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kearfott-Bane House is a historic home located near Baker Heights Berkeley County West Virginia. The T shaped house was built in 1901 in the Queen Anne style. It features fanciful porches hipped and gable roofs and generous use of decorative spindles fans and other motifs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Lidice Memorial is located in Phillips Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Sparkasse Hagen tower (German: Sparkassenhochhaus Hagen Verwaltungshochhaus/Verwaltungsgebäude der Sparkasse Hagen) often referenced as Langer Oskar (Long Oskar) by locals was a 101 m (331 ft) skyscraper in the city centre of Hagen North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The building served as the main office tower and part of the headquarters of the resident municipal savings bank Sparkasse Hagen.
 Nortd Labs a.k.a. NOR_/D is an international research and development collaborative dedicated to the merging of open source art architecture software and system design. NORTD Labs is also a studio of creative thought that engages science art and design. Historically NORTD Labs has developed open source hardware such as CUBIT in 2007 which has been built and used by thousands of people labs hacker-spaces and universities worldwide. NORTD Labs work is released under various open licenses.
 Fairmont Beijing hotel is located in Beijing Central Business District China close to major office landmarks and shopping areas including the LG Twin Tower Capital/SK Tower The China World Trade Center and Beijing Yintai Centre.The hotel was the first entry point of Fairmont Hotels and Resorts into China.Adjoined with the Fairmont Beijing hotel the Reignwood Centre houses office space City Club dining Art Exchange Centre as well as high-end boutique shops such as Malo Luly Yang and Lasvit
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) was a Reform synagogue located for most of its history at 761 Chestnut Street in Gadsden Alabama. An outgrowth of Gadsden's Jewish religious school it was founded in 1908 and incorporated in 1910. It moved into its Chestnut Street building in 1922 and joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1924.From 1911 to 1944 it had no rabbi and was led by lay-religious-leader Hugo Hecht.
 Leominster abbey was an Anglo-Saxon monastery established at Leominster in the county of Hereford England. The name of the town refers to its minster a settlement of clergy living a communal life. The monastery perhaps founded in the seventh century was originally a male house. After being destroyed by Danes it was rebuilt as a Benedictine abbey for nuns (see Leominster nunnery).In 1046 the abbess Eadgifu was abducted by Sweyn Godwinson. Eadgifu is only abbess known by name.
 Camp Sloggett in Koke'e State Park near Kokee Hawaii is a historic site with significance from 1921. It is within state lands but has buildings owned by the Kauai Young Womens' Christian Association.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Museum für Kunst und Gewerbe (Museum of Arts and Crafts) is a museum of fine applied and decorative arts in Hamburg Germany. It is located centrally near the Hauptbahnhof.
 Schwartz Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Blackstone Nottoway County Virginia. The original section was built about 1798 with two additions made by 1840. It measures 99 feet long in three sections with the middle block the oldest. The interior features Federal style decorative details and paneling. It is Blackstone's oldest building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Grand Millennium Plaza II is a 30-floor tower part of the Grand Millennium Plaza on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong China. The tower has a total structural height of 123 m (404 ft). Construction of the Grand Millennium Plaza II was completed in 1998.
 The Big House (Russian: Большой дом Bolshoy dom) is an unofficial name of the building in Saint Petersburg Russia shared by the headquarters of the local Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast branch of the Federal Security Service of Russia and the Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast Main Department of Internal Affairs. The building is located in the Central District of Saint Petersburg at the beginning of Liteyny Prospekt one block from the Neva River.
 The Bartow-Pell Mansion is a New York City landmark and museum located in northern portion of Pelham Bay Park in The Bronx. Originally the Robert and Marie Lorillard Bartow House the residence and estate date back to 1654. The Lords of the Manor of Pelham once owned the home which was later enlarged renovated and remodeled in the Federal style. The current house was built between 1836 and 1842.
 The Leesburg Heritage Museum is located at 111 South Sixth Street Leesburg Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of Leesburg. The building itself constructed in 1922 by the Leesburg Woman's Club was previously home to various businesses and organizations including the Leesburg Chamber of Commerce and the Leesburg Library. The Leesburg Heritage Society official website for the museum & the Historic Mote Morris House is located at: http://www.leesburgheritagesociety.com/
 Knight Foundry also known as Knight's Foundry and Shops is a cast iron foundry and machine shop in Sutter Creek California. It was established in 1873 to supply heavy equipment and repair facilities to the gold mines and timber industry of the Mother Lode. Samuel N. Knight developed a high speed cast iron impulse water turbine which was a forerunner of the Pelton wheel design. Knight Wheels were used in some of the first hydroelectric plants in California Utah and Oregon.
 The Louis Kotzow House is an historic site at 641 East Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1875 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Fuller-Bemis House is a historic house at 41–43 Cherry Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1776 and is one of Waltham's few 18th century houses. It was built when the south side where it is located was still part of Newton. It was converted into two-family in the 19th century.
 The Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame is a membership-based organization founded in 1976. The organization runs a museum with exhibits at Daniel S. Frawley Stadium on the Riverfront in Wilmington Delaware and promotes physical fitness in the community.The museum is a member of the International Sports Heritage Association.
 Stanley Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel Sussex County Delaware United States. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1920 and is a 1 1/2-story gable fronted balloon frame structure on a brick foundation. It measures 17 feet by 23 feet.
 Cargills Square is a shopping mall in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The mall is located in the heart of the city at the junction of Hospital Street and Mahathma Gandhi Road opposite Jaffna Hospital. Work on the Rs.500 million shopping and entertainment complex started in September 2011. The mall opened in the last quarter of 2013.
 Todd Farm (also known as the Smith-Andrews-Taft-Todd Farm) is an historic farm at 670 Farnum Pike (Greenville Road) in North Smithfield Rhode Island USA.The center part of the farm house was built in 1740 with wings added on both ends in the late-eighteenth or early-nineteenth centuries. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. There are also several historic outbuildings on the property.
 St Macartin's Cathedral Enniskillen is one of two cathedral churches in the Diocese of Clogher (the other is St Macartan's Cathedral Clogher) in the Church of Ireland. It stands on high ground overlooking the town of Enniskillen Co Fermanagh Northern Ireland in the ecclesiastical province of Armagh. .It was completed in 1842 as St Anne's Parish church but rededicated as St. Macartin's Cathedral in 1923.
 One Churchill Place is a 156 m tall skyscraper with 32 floors serving as the headquarters of Barclays Bank. It is in the Docklands area of London in Canary Wharf.
 The Penang Adventist Hospital (Malay: Hospital Adventist Chinese: 槟安医院) is a Christian nonprofit medical institution in Penang Malaysia. It is part of an international network and is owned and operated by the Southeast Asia Union Mission of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 The Benjamin and Mary Ann Bradford House is a private house located at 48145 Warren Road in Canton Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Dr. Toler R. White House is at 509 Spring Street Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1916. The house is a Bungalow/Craftsman style. Dr. White came to town in 1910 or so after working in the mining and reservations doctor. He lived here until his death in 1945. The home is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001176.
 Somali National Academy of Culture (SNAC) also known as the Somali National Academy of Arts Sciences and Literature was an important institution in Somalia that was responsible for the preservation and exploration of national artifacts and other material of national importance.
 Myanmar Gems Museum located at in Yangon Myanmar is a museum dedicated to precious Burmese gem stones. The museum is located on the third floor of a four-story building located near Kaba Aye Pagoda.The Gems Mart at the Gems Museum consists of 82 stores on three floors and sells high-quality raw and finished gem products offering rubies sapphires pearls jade and more. The mart is open from 9 am to 5 pm Tuesday through Sunday.
 The Deener House in Searcy Arkansas is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house that was built in 1912. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The Hicks-Dugan-Deener House at 306 E. Center Street in Searcy is also NRHP-listed.
 The Dunn County Courthouse on Owens St. in Manning North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was delisted in 2009. The listing had contained a 2.1-acre (0.85 ha) area.In 1985 its NRHP nomination noted a considerable integrity of feeling from the original courthouse in the appearance of the present building which was by then no longer a courthouse.
 Villa Olmo is a neoclassical villa located in the city of Como northern Italy.
 Troy Public High School also known as Troy Area Senior High School and Troy High School is a historic high school building located at Troy Bradford County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1/2-story roughly E-shaped Colonial Revival-style building measuring 435 feet wide and 165 feet deep. It has red brick exterior walls and the front facade features a central pilastered block of nine bays with 10 Doric order pilasters. The building is topped by an octagonal cupola.
 The United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum is a private non-profit museum in Quincy Massachusetts featuring USS Salem (CA-139) a heavy cruiser docked at the former Fore River Shipyard where she was laid down in 1945. The museum was established in 1993 in response to efforts by local officials and volunteers to revive the shipyard area after operations at Fore River ended in 1986.
 Monterey is a historic plantation home located at Roanoke Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story banked Greek Revival style brick dwelling with a spreading hipped roof. Two additions were made to the original house after 1871 which gives it an L-shape. The front facade features a full-width verandah style porch and the rear has a two-story gallery. Also on the property is a contributing smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Great Castle House is a former town house built on the site of part of Monmouth Castle in Wales. Amongst the town's most significant buildings it has a Grade 1 listing and is one of 24 sites on the Monmouth Heritage Trail.
 Sävstaholm Castle (Sävstaholms slott) is a castle in Vingåker Municipality Södermanland County Sweden. the name is sometimes spelled Säfstaholm which is according to old Swedish spelling rules.
 Henry Ford Hospital (HFH) is an 802-bed tertiary care hospital education and research complex in Detroit Michigan. The flagship facility for the Henry Ford Health System it is one of the first hospitals in the United States to use a standard fee schedule and favor private or semi-private rooms over large wards. It also is the first hospital in the country to form a closed salaried medical staff.
 The LaGrange Mall is a shopping mall located on Georgia State Route 109 in LaGrange Georgia United States a few blocks west of Interstate 85. The mall is owned by Hull Storey Gibson.
 Pleasants House is a historic home located at Amagansett in Suffolk County New York. It was built in the late 1860s and is a two story frame residence with a three bay central block side and rear wings gable roofs and front porches.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Raffles Hotel is a colonial-style hotel in Singapore. It was established by two Armenian brothers from Persia—Martin and Tigran Sarkies—in 1887. In later years they were joined by younger brothers Aviet and Arshak and kinsman Martyrose Arathoon. With their innovative cuisine and extensive modernisations the firm built the hotel into Singapore's best known icon. It was named after Stamford Raffles the founder of modern Singapore whose statue had been unveiled in 1887.
 The Upper Lake McDonald Ranger Station in Glacier National Park was a formerly isolated site that became an administrative center with the opening of the Going-to-the-Sun Road. The National Park Service Rustic cabin was typical of the preferred style for western park structures of the period.
 The Saskatchewan Western Development Museum is a network of four museums in Saskatchewan Canada preserving and recording the social and economic development of the province. The museum has branches in Moose Jaw North Battleford Saskatoon and Yorkton. Respectively each branch focuses on a different theme: transportation agriculture economy and people. The Museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association the Canadian Heritage Information Network and Virtual Museum of Canada.
 Ship Inn is a historic inn and tavern located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1796 and is a two-story six bay Georgian style stone building with brick chimneys. The main block measures 50 feet by 37 feet with a rear kitchen wing measuring 29 feet by 20 feet. It remained in operation as an inn until 1854. In the 20th century a restaurant opened in the building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Northern Ostrobothnia museum (Finnish: Pohjois-Pohjanmaan museo) is a museum of cultural history. This provincial museum focuses on the city of Oulu and its the surrounding Northern Ostrobothnia region. The museum is situated in the Ainola Park in the Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu Finland.The museum was founded in 1896 and it was maintained by a museum society until 1969 when the ownership was handed over to the city of Oulu.
 Lower Dock Hill Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Cornwall on Hudson in Orange County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center is a 165-bed tertiary acute-care hospital in San Luis Obispo California United States. Its chief executive officer is Candace Candy Markwith who was appointed interim CEO in 2005.
 Pebble Hill Plantation is a plantation and museum located near Thomasville Georgia. The plantation is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary's Church Betws Gwerful Goch is in the village of Betws Gwerful Goch Denbighshire Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Penllyn & Edeyrnion the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Knights of Pythias Temple is an historic Knights of Pythias building located at 2551 Elm Street in the Deep Ellum neighborhood of Dallas Texas. Also known as the Union Bankers Building for a later owner it was built in 1915 by architect William Sidney Pittman. It was the first major commercial structure in Dallas built for African Americans by African Americans and with African American money.
 The Fromme-Birney Round Barn near Mullinville Kansas United States is a round barn that was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Shafer Round Barn near Sioux Falls South Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 United Presbyterian Church Summerset also known as Scotch Ridge United Presbyterian Church is an historic structure located in rural Warren County Iowa United States. It was built in 1885 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The founders of the church were Scotch-Irish immigrants who could trace their ancestry to Scotland and were proud of their Scottish heritage.Scotch Ridge United Presbyterian Church was begun on August 13 1853.
 The Huron Indian Cemetery in Kansas City Kansas also known as Huron Park Cemetery is now formally known as the Wyandot National Burying Ground. It was established circa 1843 when Wyandots had first arrived in their removal from Ohio. The tribe settled in the area for years with many in 1855 accepting allotment of lands in Kansas in severalty.
 The Smith-Marcuse-Lowry House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin Texas. It is also a part of the Shadow Lawn Historic District a subdivision within the Hyde Park neighborhood established by Hyde Park founder Monroe Shipe.The house's original footprint was square with two stories. It had a cedar shingle roof upon its completion. At the time of its construction it was built with all the modern conveniences for its time period.
 First Parsonage for Second East Parish Church or Apartment House was an historic church parsonage at 41 S. Main Street in Attleboro Massachusetts.The parsonage was built in 1822 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Sometime afterward it was demolished.
 The Jule Collins Smith Museum of Fine Art is an art museum on the campus of Auburn University and is the only university art museum in Alabama. Opened on October 3 2003 the Jule Collins Smith Museum of Fine Art contains seven exhibition galleries within its 40000 square feet (3700 m2) of interior space. In addition to the galleries the museum facility includes an auditorium cafe and museum shop.
 Rosenborg Castle (Danish: Rosenborg Slot) is a renaissance castle located in Copenhagen Denmark. The castle was originally built as a country summerhouse in 1606 and is an example of Christian IV's many architectural projects. It was built in the Dutch Renaissance style typical of Danish buildings during this period and has been expanded several times finally evolving into its present condition by the year 1624.
 The Abbey Gate (Danish: Klosterporten) in Sorø Denmark is the original gate of Absalon's Sorø Abbey dating from about 1200. It now affords access to the grounds of Sorø Academy which include the old abbey church Denmark's longest church building and is claimed to be the oldest inhabited house in Denmark.
 Linden Grove was once a nationally designated historic place located at 1100 Grove Road in Castle Shannon Pennsylvania but the original building (circa 1872) was torn down and it was delisted on January 20 2000. The current building there is a more recent construction called The Linden Grove Nightclub. The original Linden Grove was built as an attraction to German picnickers as were several other groves patronized by various ethnic groups.
 The Julius Scheibe Cottage at 815 College Ave. in Des Moines Iowa United States was built in 1898. It was a work of architect George E. Hallett. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Lower Warner Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse on NH 103 in Warner New Hampshire. The white clapboarded wood frame church was built in 1844 and its exterior is relatively unchanged since then having only lost its steeple due to a lightning strike c. 1893. The building is three bays wide with a recessed center entry framed by a pair of 20/20 sash windows.
 The Château de Sainte-Mère is a 13th-century ruined castle in the commune of Sainte-Mère in the Gers département of France.The castle was built at the time of the Treaty of Amiens (1279) by the Bishop of Lectoure Géraud de Monlezun. It defended the frontier of the English possessions. The castle had a rectangular shape with two towers attached to the north facade.It has been listed since 1977 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 West Falmouth Village Historic District is a historic district along West Falmouth Highway (Massachusetts Route 28A) in West Falmouth Massachusetts which is a village in the town of Falmouth Massachusetts.
 First Baptist Church of Phelps is a historic Baptist church located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. The church was constructed in 1845 and is an example of Greek Revival style cobblestone ecclesiastical architecture. It is a rectangular gable roofed building built primarily of lake washed cobbles. It is among the approximately 101 cobblestone buildings in Ontario County and 26 in the village and town of Phelps.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Rideau Street Chapel at Waller Street at Besserer Street as part of the Convent of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart on Rideau Street in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The chapel for the Convent was designed by Rev. Georges Bouillon 1887-88. The chapel was dismantled in 1972 and was rebuilt inside the National Gallery of Canada in 1987-88.
 Shepherd's Grove is a congregation of the Reformed Church in America in Garden Grove California United States. The church was founded by Robert H. Schuller in 1955 as the Garden Grove Community Church and renamed itself to Crystal Cathedral Ministries after its church building the Crystal Cathedral in 1981. The congregation is known worldwide as the producer of the Hour of Power weekly American Christian television program.
 Moran's Oyster Cottage is a seafood restaurant and pub located at The Weir Kilcolgan in County Galway Ireland close to the village of Clarenbridge and ten miles south of Galway City. It has hosted presidents prime ministers and film stars as well as tourists and locals due to the quality of its seafood particularly oysters and smoked salmon combined with its tranquil setting by the weir.
 Zelen-grad (Serbian: Зелен-град English: Green-town) is a fortress and former town in Serbia. It is located 15 km south from Leskovac near the village of Vučje. It belonged to the Vojvoda Nikola Skobaljić and it is also known as Skobaljić Grad. Today only remains of the town can be seen.
 Established in 1945 by Paul Contos this legendary Chicago continental restaurant became famous under Paul's son Bill.
 Alexander K. McClure School is a school of the School District of Philadelphia located in a historic school building located in the Hunting Park neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1910-1911. It is a three-story five bay brick building with a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a three story rounded arched opening above the entrance stone trim and a rounded parapet. An addition was built in 1967.
 The Shops at Don Mills is a lifestyle centre - type shopping centre in Toronto Ontario Canada located at Don Mills Road and Lawrence Avenue East.There are 72 retail stores with a total floor space of 47550 square metres (or 511824 square feet).
 L. Grief and Bro. Inc. Manufactory is a historic factory building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story brick and steel industrial building constructed about 1914-15. It features an expanse of multi-light steel windows a metal cornice and sawtooth monitors. It encompasses almost an entire city block and over 60000 square feet (5600 m2) of interior space. It served as a clothing factory for L.
 Harrington Lake estate is the name of the official country retreat of the Prime Minister of Canada and also the name of the land which surrounds it. It is located near Meech Lake – where the Meech Lake Accord was negotiated in 1987 – approximately 35 kilometers northwest of Ottawa in an area known as Gatineau Park amidst the Gatineau Hills in Quebec.
 The Ottawa French Seventh-day Adventist Church is a francophone Seventh-day Adventist church in Ottawa Canada. It is located at 375 King Edward Avenue just north of Rideau Street.
 Stewartfield is a historic residence on the campus of Spring Hill College in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1849 in a Greek Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the 19th Century Spring Hill Neighborhood Thematic Resource on October 18 1984.
 Jindai-ji (甚大寺) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Sakura in Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple was originally located in Yamagata Prefecture but when the Hotta clan was granted control of the Sakura Domain Hotta Masasuke moved the temple in 1746 to serve as the clan’s funerary temple (菩提寺 bodaiji) or family temple.
 Arbor Lakes is a commercial and residential district located in downtown Maple Grove Minnesota a northwestern suburb of Minneapolis. Construction of Arbor Lakes began in the late 1990s with a simulacrum of a traditional American Main Street designed in neotraditional style. The second phase (completed in 2003) included the Shoppes at Arbor Lakes Minnesota's first lifestyle center which includes neotraditional elements.
 The Church of Kish (Azerbaijani: Kiş kilsəsi) also known by different sources as Church of Saint Elishe (Armenian: Սուրբ Եղիշէ եկեղեցի) or Holy Mother of God Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստուածածին եկեղեցի) is a 12th or 13th century Caucasian Albanian church located in the village of Kiş approximately 5 km north of Shaki Azerbaijan.
 Twining Farm also known as the David and Elizabeth Twining Farm is a historic home and farm located at Newtown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The stone farmhouse was built in two stages. They are a 2 1/2-story stone eastern section with a later three-bay 2 1/2-story western addition built in 1832. A frame wing and bow window were added about 1940. Also on the property are a contributing stable chicken house and bank barn complex.
 The William Poole House also known as the William Cade Thompson House is a historic plantation house and historic district in Dayton Alabama. The Greek Revival style house was completed in 1848. It and the surrounding grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
 The Coolidge-Rising House is a house in Spokane Washington United States. It was the residence for Alfred Coolidge a financier until Henry Rising a long-time editor of the Spokane Daily Chronicle bought it in 1924. It was built and designed by J.K. Dow.
 The Alexander Foster House is a historic house at 45 Laurel Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Built c. 1860 the three story wood frame house is one of the city's finest Italianate houses. It has typical Italianate features include extended eaves with paired brackets and an oculus window in the front gable. It also has corner pilasters and windows with bracketed lintels and sills.
 The Glendale Historic District is a historic district in Glendale Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Kentucky Camp is a ghost town and former mining camp along the Arizona Trail in Pima County Arizona United States near the community of Sonoita. The Kentucky Camp Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has been since 1995. As it is located within Coronado National Forest the United States Forest Service is responsible for the upkeep of the remaining buildings within the Kentucky Camp Historic District.
 The Ebenezer Baptist Churches are two Baptist churches in Loudoun County Virginia the Old Ebenzer Church built before 1769 and the New Ebenezer Church built about 1855. The churches are associated with corresponding old and new cemeteries.
 The Day Estate Historic District encompasses a subdivided estate at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Dartmouth Street in Newton Massachusetts. The district is bounded by Commonwealth Dartmouth Chestnut and Prince Streets and includes six houses. It was originally owned by Henry Day a banker who in 1896 built the house at 321 Chestnut Street. They subdivided the block during a building boom in the 1920s and the new houses were built between 1928 and 1930.
 Lancaster Trust Company is a historic bank building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed in 1910 bu C. Emlen Urban and built in 1911-1912 in the Beaux-Arts style. It was added to the front of an existing five-story building built 1889-1890. It consists of the Main Banking Room Board Room and vaults with the basement lavatories and passageways include. The facade is of red brick on a limestone foundation.
 Seven Oaks is located in Bluffton South Carolina. It was built in 1850. This is a two-story house with double verandas on the south and east sides and two exterior chimneys. The house is called Seven Oaks due to seven very large live oak stumps that support the house.
 Nevill Hall Hospital is a district general hospital in Abergavenny north Monmouthshire Wales United Kingdom.It was officially opened in April 1970 the new buildings replacing the older Victorian built converted mansion which has since been used as office accommodation and still remains at the rear of the modern complex. The hospital provides in-patient daycare and outpatient services together with a complete range of investigations.
 The Carnegie Branch Library at 13th St and 28th Ave in Meridian Mississippi is one of two former Carnegie libraries in the city both funded by a grant from Andrew Carnegie in 1904. This library was built for blacks while the other was built for whites. The other library was built at 25th Ave and 7th St and now houses the Meridian Museum of Art. Both buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The black library was demolished in 2008.
 Thomas and Walter Monteith House also known as the Monteith House Museum was the first frame house built in Albany Oregon United States. It was built by Walter and Thomas Monteith in 1848–1850. All the house's original boards are hand-hewn due to lack of availability of steam-powered buzzsaws at that time. Originally the home served as a combination dwelling and store but soon became the residence of Thomas and Christine (Dunbar) Monteith.
 Eisho-ji (英勝寺) is a Jōdo-shū temple in Ogigayatsu Kamakura Kanagawa Japan and is the sole nunnery in Kamakura. The mountain name is Tokozan. O-Katsu no Tsubone a concubine of Tokugawa Ieyasu took the name Eishoin after her pabbajja and founded the temple. The temple is thought to be located at the site of the residence of Ōta Dōkan who was ancestor of the founder. O-Katsu no Tsubone bore Ieyasu a daughter Ichihime but she died very young.
 The Lauritz H. and Emma Smith House at 12423 S. Relation St. in Draper Utah was built in stages from 1884 to 1947. It has also been known as the Robert L. and Doris B. Smith House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It was owned and mostly built by Lauritz Heber Smith son of Lauritz Smith who was one of the earliest settlers of Draper. It is historic for its association with the Smith family and has good integrity of its many stages of development.
 The Arthur Jordan Memorial Hall known around campus as simply Jordan Hall is a historic building on the campus of Butler University. It is one of the original buildings of the campus along with Atherton Union and historic Hinkle Fieldhouse. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in June 1983.
 The Church of St. Pius V is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 416-418 420 East 145th Street in the Mott Haven neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City in the U.S. state of New York. The parish was established in 1906.
 The Gran Hotel is a former historic hotel in Palma de Mallorca in Spain. It is part of the historic centre of the city.The hotel was designed by Lluís Domènech i Montaner and completed in 1903. Today the building has been converted into a cultural center home to the Fundación la Caixa. It contains a permanent exhibition of paintings by Anglada Camarasa. The building is one of the most important examples of Modernisme on the island with a facade lavishly decorated with sculptures and ceramics.
 All Saints Church Alrewas is a parish church in the village of Alrewas Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. The church is situated in the north west of the village on the north side of the Trent & Mersey Canal. The church is a Grade I Listed Building. A church has stood on the current site since the 10th century. The current building was mainly built during the 13th 14th 16th and 19th centuries.
 Marshall Field and Company Store is a building in Oak Park Illinois that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 21 1988. It is one of the two locations (along with the Evanston location) that the company chose to expand to when it decided to add suburban stores.
 St. Michael's Church (German: Kirche St. Michael also called Studienkirche or Jesuitenkirche) is a 17th church in Passau Bavaria Germany with later additions in the baroque style. It is attached to the Leopoldinum School Passau.
 William T. Tull House also known as E.D. Long House is a historic home located at Westover Somerset County Maryland. It is a two-story three-bay center passage / double-pile plan frame dwelling erected around 1860. Its exterior features are associated with the Greek Revival and Italianate styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Lawrence Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Bronxville Westchester County New York. The district contains 94 contributing buildings. It is primarily residential and representative of early suburban growth outside New York City. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Bryn Mawr Film Institute is a non-profit community-owned movie theater located in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania a town on Philadelphia's Main Line. Re-opened in March 2005 with Ben Kingsley present it currently has over 6300 supporting members. BMFI shows a wide range of films including foreign independent and art house films. Film education is an integral part of the theater's mission; BMFI works with area schools and also offers film studies courses for adults.
 Arrow Rock Historic District or Arrow Rock is a historic district in Arrow Rock Missouri that was designated a National Historic Landmark. It includes a number of structures.In 1963 the National Park Service's designation statement included:The Missouri River crossing at Arrow Rock noted by French cartographers (1723) and Lewis and Clark (1804) figured prominently in the very early trail-breaking expeditions that opened the West.
 Knickerbocker Historic District is a national historic district located at Altoona Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes 153 contributing rowhouse buildings in a residential area of Altoona. The buildings were primarily built between 1903 and 1930 as affordable worker's housing and reflect a number of popular architectural styles including Colonial Revival and Classical Revival.
 Henry Higginson House is a historic house at 44 Baker Farm Road in Lincoln Massachusetts.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Thrumpton Hall is an English country house in the village of Thrumpton near Nottingham.
 The Church of St. Anthony is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Pine Plains Dutchess County New York. It was originally established as mission of Immaculate Conception Parish in Amenia in 1913 and was elevated to parish status in 1958.The church was built in 1912.
 Woodmen Hall is an historic 2-story wooden Woodmen of the World building located 217 SW Akron Avenue corner of SW 3rd Street in Stuart Martin County Florida. It was built between 1913-1914 by local master carpenter Sam Matthews. Like many fraternal buildings built in the late 19th century and early 20th century the ground floor was designed for commercial use while the upper floor was designed for use as a meeting room for Pineapple Camp No.
 The John Hosford House built in 1860 is an historic octagon house located at 64 Sandusky Street in Monroeville Ohio. On May 3 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Carolina Circle Mall was a shopping mall in the northeast section of Greensboro North Carolina on US 29 and Cone Boulevard.
 St. Blasius Church Shanklin is a parish church in the Church of England located in Shanklin Isle of Wight.
 The villa Mandessi Bell situated at Douala is a building constructed between 1904 and 1909 by David Mandessi-Bell a rich farmer and commissioner of the king Rudolf Manga Bell. This building is and architecture from the colonial period. It is a representation and legacy of the German occupation in Cameroon.
 The Shinjuku Mitsui Building (新宿三井ビル Shinjuku Mitsui Biru) is a high-rise building in super in the corner in the heart of New Urban Center Nishi-Shinjuku Shinjuku Tokyo. It is run by Mitsui Fudosan. Known as the Shinjuku Mitsui Building. Also it is called Mii Building.
 Fort Hunter Historic District is a national historic district located at Fort Hunter Dauphin County Pennsylvania. The district includes six contributing buildings four contributing sites and one contributing structure. The area has seen continuous settlement since the early 1700s and once was the site of an early supply fort and garrison. Also in the district are the remains of a section of the Pennsylvania Canal.
 Located south of Laurel in Prince George's County Maryland United States Montpelier Mansion is a five-part Georgian style home most likely constructed between 1781 and 1785. It has also been known as the Snowden-Long House New Birmingham or simply Montpelier. Built by Major Thomas Snowden and his wife Anne the house is now a National Historic Landmark operated as a house museum.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Danbury (FCI Danbury) is a low-security United States federal prison for female inmates in Danbury Connecticut. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses minimum-security female offenders.
 Carskadon House also known as the Locust Grove and Radical Hill is a historic home located near Burlington Mineral County West Virginia. It was built in 1827 and is a two-story rectangular side-gabled brick dwelling in a vernacular Federal style. It sits on a rubble stone foundation and has a two-story rear ell. It features a one-story Greek Revival style entrance portico.
 The Frederick Crouse House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The original stone Dutch house was built about 1760. The house was expanded about 1780 then the main house was built in 1802. It is a substantial Federal style farmhouse and one of the oldest structures in Guilderland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Dudmaston Hall is a 17th-century country house in the care of the National Trust in the Severn Valley Shropshire England.Dudmaston Hall is located near the village of Quatt a few miles south of the market town of Bridgnorth just off the A442 road.
 The Edward N. and Mary T. Stebbins House is located in Barron Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 2006.
 Whitman Mills is a historic mill complex at 1 90 and the east side of Riverside Avenue the south side north side and rear of 1 Coffin Avenue and at 10 Manomet Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Sacred Heart Cultural Center known also as Sacred Heart Catholic Church is an events center and a former Roman Catholic Church located in Augusta Georgia. It is one of the more notable and recognized landmarks in the city.
 The Pope John Paul II Cultural Center known today as the Saint John Paul II National Shrine was established to house a Roman Catholic museum and think tank in Washington D.C. The concept for the center began at a meeting between Pope John Paul II and then-Bishop Adam Maida in 1988. The 130000-square-foot (12000 m2) building is set on 12 acres (4.9 ha) adjacent to The Catholic University of America and the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
 The Château de Larroque is the remains of a 12th-century castle keep in the commune of Larroque in the Haute-Garonne département of France.The property of the commune it has been listed since 1930 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Amangalla is a 5-star franchise hotel belonging to the international group of Aman Resorts located in Galle Sri Lanka built within the premises of the heritage Galle Fort the 17th-century Dutch fort inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is just north of the Galle International Stadium and roundabout. The oldest part of the hotel dates to 1684 and the complex was completed in 1715. It was known as the New Oriental Hotel for 140 years from 1865.
 Gilgamesh Restaurant Bar & Lounge is a restaurant and bar in Stables Market Camden London opened in June 2006. Despite its Mesopotamian name and theme the restaurant typically serves South East Asian Chinese and Japanese-inspired eclectic cuisine. It is headed by chef Ian Pengelley who once opened a joint venture with Gordon Ramsay with the Asian restaurant Pengelley's in Knightsbridge. Gilgamesh is popular with celebrities.
 St. Anthony's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Padua an unincorporated community in Washington Township Mercer County Ohio United States. Built in the late nineteenth century it remains the home of a functioning congregation and it has been recognized as a historically significant building because of its architecture.
 Joranger Church (Norwegian: Joranger kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Joranger. The church is part of the Fet og Joranger parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 85 seats was probably built in the 1620s but 1660 has historically been considered to be the construction date.
 St Elphin's Church Warrington is the parish church of the town of Warrington Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Warrington.
 Ålen Church (Norwegian: Ålen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Ålen.The church was built in 1881 by architect Jacob Digre. The wooden building was built in the Neo-gothic style and was built to hold about 322 people.The church is part of the Ålen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 St. Agnes' Church Freshwater is a parish church in the Church of England located in Freshwater Isle of Wight.
 The Third Precinct Police Station (or Hunt Street Station) is a former police station located at 2200 Hunt Street (at Gratiot Avenue) in Detroit Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Lauer Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Dr. Samuel D. Mercer House was built in 1885 at 3920 Cuming Street in the historic Walnut Hill neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska United States. Samuel Mercer was the chief surgeon of the Union Pacific Railroad and the founder of Omaha's first hospital.A grand 23-room red brick mansion built in the Queen Anne style the key feature of the home is a three-story square tower that rises above the south side main entrance. The cost of the structure was $60000.
 Saint Joseph's Roman Catholic College for Boys also known as Saint Joseph's High School is a historic school building at 760 Merrimack Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The three story brick Romanesque Revival building was built in 1892 to a design by Irish-American church architect Patrick W. Ford.
 William L. Vary House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It is was built in 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style frame dwelling. The plan consists of an irregular massing of rectangular forms with a profusion of projecting bays cross gables porches and oriels.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Church of the Visitation of the Mary (Slovene: cerkev Marijinega obiskanja) is a Roman Catholic pilgrimage church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ljubljana located on Rožnik Hill in Ljubljana Slovenia.
 The Valère basilica (French: Basilique de Valère) also called Valère castle (French: Château de Valère) is a fortified church situated in Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is situated on a hill and faces the Château de Tourbillon located on the opposite hill. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 2 Horatio Street is a landmarked residential building located in the Greenwich Village Historic District on the west side of lower Manhattan in New York City.It faces north onto Horatio Street (named for Major General Horatio Gates) and Jackson Square Park.
 The St. Nikolaus parish church (German: Pfarrkirche St. Nikolaus) is the parish church of Pfronten in the Ostallgäu district of Bavaria in Germany.The fresco on the ceiling was painted by Josef Keller.
 Ballygally Castle is in the village of Ballygally County Antrim Northern Ireland located approximately three miles north of Larne. The castle overlooks the sea at the head of Ballygally Bay. Now run as a hotel it is the only 17th century building still used as a residence in Northern Ireland and is reputed to be one of the most haunted places in the province.
 Sherwood Family Estate is a historic farm and national historic district located at Delhi in Delaware County New York. The district contains four contributing buildings and one contributing site. It was developed over the period 1801 to about 1925 and is composed of six estate buildings a designed landscape and an agricultural landscape. Buildings include the residence ice house garage laundry and spring house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Pine Creek Gristmill is an historic building located in Wildcat Den State Park in Muscatine County Iowa United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The KNMI-mast Cabauw is a 213 metre high guyed mast for meteorological measurements at Cabauw the Netherlands.In 1972 at Cabauw (06348) a 213 m high mast was specifically built for meteorological research to establish relations between the state of the atmospheric boundary layer (ABL) land surface conditions and the general weather situation for all seasons. The Cabauw mast is located in the western part of the Netherlands (51.971 °N 4.927 °E) in a polder 0.7 m below average sealevel.
 Boston Children's Museum is a children's museum in Boston Massachusetts dedicated to the education of children. Located on Children's Wharf along the Fort Point Channel Boston Children's Museum is the second oldest children's museum in the United States. It contains many activities meant to both amuse and educate young children.
 Stone School was an historic one-room school located west of LeClaire Iowa United States in rural Scott County. It was built in 1866 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The property for the school was donated by a prominent family at the time who supported educational endeavors. The school had a separate entrance for the boys on the south side of the building and for the girls on the north side.
 Building at 218 High Street is a historic store and dwelling located at Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1885 and is a two-story two bay structure with a gable roof. It features a multipaned showcase window on the front facade. It was built as a residence and converted to commercial use about 1910.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Château de Conros is a medieval castle later heavily modified situated in Arpajon-sur-Cère in the Cantal département of France. It was added to the list of monuments historiques by the French Ministry of Culture on 30 September 1991.
 Grass Lawn also known as the Milner House was a two-story Antebellum home located in Gulfport Harrison County Mississippi. In 1972 the home was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2005 the home was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina. A replica of Grass Lawn Grasslawn II was built and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2010. The new structure was dedicated in 2012 for use in city events weddings receptions and parties.
 The House at 44 Stanton Road is a historic house at 44 Stanton Road in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Palácio do Planalto (Portuguese pronunciation: [paˈlasju du plaˈnawtu]) is the official workplace of the President of Brazil. It is located in the national capital of Brasília. The building was designed by architect Oscar Niemeyer and inaugurated on April 21 1960. It has been the workplace of every Brazilian president since Juscelino Kubitschek.
 Islington Museum is a public museum dedicated to the history of the London Borough of Islington
 Clarissa Cook Home for the Friendless is an historic building located in the west end of Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Skee's Diner in Torrington Connecticut is a barrel-roofed diner that was located at Main and Elm. It has operated as Jude's Place and by other names.By its design it is estimated to have been manufactured around 1920. It was moved into place in Torrington in 1944 escaping a war-time moratorium on new construction.
 Murrays' Mills is a complex of former cotton mills on land between Jersey Street and the Rochdale Canal in the district of Ancoats Manchester England. The mills were built for brothers Adam and George Murray.The first mill on the site Old Mill was begun in 1797 and is the world's oldest surviving urban steam-powered cotton spinning factory.
 The Alex Seitaniemi Housebarn is a housebarn in Waasa Township St. Louis County near Tower Minnesota. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Combining the house and barn in one building provided advantages. The heat from livestock kept the house warm and constructing one building instead of several separate buildings conserved timber and the need to move it.
 Burgruine Karlsberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 James Leonard House is a historic house located at 3 Warren Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1752 for James Leonard Muster Master for Bristol County during the Revolutionary War and descendent of the James Leonard who established the Taunton Iron Works in 1652. The 2-1/2 story central chimney house is characteristic of large farmhouses built in the region during the 18th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pillsbury Summer House is an historic house at 45 Old Cove Road in Duxbury Massachusetts.The house was built in 1938 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.
 The Old House of Keys is the former meeting place of the House of Keys the lower house of Tynwald the Isle of Man's parliament. It is located across the street from Castle Rushen in Castletown the former capital of the Isle of Man in the south of the island.
 First Baptist Church is a prominent Baptist church in downtown Ottawa Canada. It is part of the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec. The church was first founded in 1857 the first Baptist congregation in Ottawa. The current church prominently located at 140 Laurier Avenue West at the corner of Elgin Street and Laurier Avenue was designed by architect James Mather and constructed 1877-8.
 Nashville City Center is a 27 story office tower that was designed by Hugh Stubbins architect for the Citigroup Center in New York City. In August 2008 the tower was sold to Miami-based Parmenter Realty Partners for $84 million opening up the possibility the second phase of this project Nashville City Center II would begin. Tenants include First Tennessee bank and the Tennessee Administrative Office of the Courts.
 The IOOF Temple Building in Fairbury Nebraskawas built in 1894. It is also denoted NeHBS # JF04-62 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Its architect was William Clifton and it is a Romanesque architecture-styled building.
 The James Beauchamp Clark House also known as Champ Clark House or Honey Shuck is a site in Bowling Green Missouri significant for its association with James Beauchamp Clark.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Preston Overlook is a historic scenic overlook in Preston Minnesota United States. It was built in 1937-38 by the Minnesota Department of Highways under the program of Federal Relief Construction in Minnesota.The overlook was a product of its times: the Great Depression led United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt to create the New Deal a complex package of economic programs initiated to help the economy recover and put people to work.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 20 E. Cherry St. in Albion Illinois. The church was built in 1842-43 and has held regular services continuously since its opening. Albion's Episcopal congregation established in 1819 was the first Protestant church in the city; it met in a log cabin prior to the construction of the church. The church was built from red brick with a foundation of locally quarried stone.
 The R. N. Linn House also known as the Robert A. and Eleanor C. Nordyke Residence at 2013 Kakela Drive in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1928 in the style of architecture then emerging in Hawaiʻi during the 1920s. Although it is relatively modest cottage it exhibits such typical elements of that style as a double-pitched hip roof (also known as a Dickey roof) exposed rafters casement windows an open floor plan Chinese interior motifs and a panoramic view. Its architect was J.
 Schauspielhaus Wuppertal was a Schauspielhaus a theatre for plays in Wuppertal North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The 745-seat municipal theatre is on Bundesallee next to the river Wupper in Elberfeld. Designed by Gerhard Graubner (de) it was opened in 1966 run from 2001 by 'Wuppertaler Bühnen' (Wuppertal Stages municipal theatres in Wuppertal). Starting in 2009 the house operated only 135 seats and it was closed on 30 June 2013.
 The Harzburg also called Große Harzburg is a former imperial castle on the edge of the Harz mountains directly above the spa resort of Bad Harzburg in Goslar district in the German state of Lower Saxony. The castle has almost completely disappeared; only fragments of the foundation walls and the towers together with the well have survived.
 Turkey Hill is a historic home at Linthicum Heights Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It was built about 1822 by William Linthicum. Originally the house consisted of a 1 1⁄2-story frame section and a three-story field stone section linked together by an open porch. As the family increased in size Linthicum added another story to the frame portion making it two and a half stories high.
 Park Place Tower is located at 655 West Irving Park Road Chicago Illinois and is a 56-story 901-unit condominium tower located in the Lakeview neighborhood in the north side of Chicago. Park Place Tower is the tallest building in Chicago outside of downtown. Park Place Tower is one of the largest residential towers in Chicago at 530.5 feet (161.7 m).
 The Hobbs Brook Basin Gate House is a historic waterworks gatehouse off Winter Street at the mouth of Hobbs Brook in Waltham Massachusetts. The gatehouse forms part of the water supply system of Cambridge Massachusetts was built in 1894-95 and was placed in service in 1897. The building designed by Marshall N. Stearns is a single-story granite-faced structure standing on a granite platform that is accessed from Winter Street via a wooden bridge.
 The Montgomery Bell Tunnel also known as the 'Patterson Forge Tunnel in Cheatham County Tennessee is a 290-foot (88 m) long tunnel through limestone rock which was the first full-scale water diversion tunnel built in the United States. It is also apparently the first full-scale tunnel of any type in the United States according to histories of tunneling. It was built in 1819 by Montgomery Bell using the labor of slaves.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 The Palace of Justice in Cluj-Napoca on Dorobanţilor Street no.2 is an eclectic structure built between 1898 and 1902 after the plans of the association Epitotarsasag Kotsis Smiel Fodor es Reisinger.
 Leon United Methodist Church now known as the Leon Historical Society Museum is a historic United Methodist church building located at Leon in Cattaraugus County New York. It was constructed in 1836 and is in the Gothic Revival style. It was also known as Leon Methodist Episcopal Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Mills-Stebbins Villa is a historic house at 3 Crescent Hill in Springfield Massachusetts. Described as the best work of architect Henry Sykes this Italian style villa was built between 1849 and 1851 for John Mills a prominent Springfield attorney. Mills died in 1861 and the villa was acquired by John Stebbins a banker real estate developer and local politician.
 UCLA Medical Center Santa Monica is a hospital located within the city of Santa Monica California USA. The hospital was founded in 1926 and is a member of the UCLA Health System. The hospital is also known internationally for operating its Rape Treatment Center and the adjoining Stuart House for sexually abused children.
 Kilgore Union Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Kilgore Ohio.It was built in 1828 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 The Harvard Club of New York is a private social club located in Midtown Manhattan New York New York USA. Its membership is restricted almost entirely to alumni and faculty of Harvard University. Incorporated in 1887 it is housed in adjoining lots at 27 West 44th Street and 35 West 44th Street. The original wing built in 1894 was designed in red brick neo-Georgian style by Charles Follen McKim of McKim Mead & White.
 Westend Gate formerly known as Plaza Büro Center and commonly referred to as The Marriott is a 47-storey 159 m (522 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany.
 St. Nicholas Cathedral is a 13th-century Gothic church in Elbląg Poland. Established in circa 1247 the church became Lutheran in 1573. It was damaged by fire in the late 18th century and suffered damage during the World War II. It was elevated to the status of cathedral in 1992.
 The McGill University Health Centre (MUHC); (French: Centre universitaire de santé McGill) is one of two major healthcare networks in the city of Montreal Quebec. It is a bilingual teaching hospital affiliated with McGill University and is one of the largest medical institutions in Canada. Most of its funding comes from Quebec taxpayers through the Ministry of Health and Social Services as mandated by the Canada Health Act.
 St Oswald's Church Dean is in the village of Dean Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Derwent the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Bougemont Complex is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was the home of two prominentfamilies in Charleston's business development. It was built about 1916 by Harrison Brooks Smith an attorney who served as president of Kanawha Banking and Trust and various companies in Kanawha County. Smith died in 1942 and in 1959 Horace Hamilton Smallridge another leading Charleston businessman purchased the property.
 Croston Hall was a country mansion house built in a gothic style architecture situated in the village of Croston Lancashire.
 CHRISTUS St. Vincent Regional Medical Center is a general hospital located in Santa Fe New Mexico. The hospital is the oldest in the State of New Mexico since being established in the downtown plaza before it was moved in 1977 to developing St. Michaels Drive. It is the largest medical facility north of Albuquerque and the largest south of Pueblo Colorado.
 The Casino Theatre in Gunnison Utah also known as the Star Theater is a Beaux Arts building constructed in 1912 and currently undergoing renovations. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Whakatane Hospital is a hospital in New Zealand serving the town of Whakatane and the Eastern Bay of Plenty. It is operated and managed by the Bay of Plenty District Health Board.
 Al-Sahibiyah Mosque (Arabic: جامع الصاحبية‎) also known as Fustoq mosque (جامع فستق) is a 14th-century mosque in Aleppo Syria. It is located in the heart of the Ancient City of Aleppo within the historic walls of the city near the Khan al-Wazir in front of Al-Matbakh al-Ajami palace.
 The Firthcliffe Firehouse is located along Willow Avenue in the Town of Cornwall in Orange County New York United States. It was built to protect the homes being built by the Firth Carpet Company for workers at its nearby plant in the early 20th century.In 1996 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently being used as a hair salon.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. In 1988 a National Register study of Williamson County historical resources described it as one of the finest remaining Gothic Revival style churches in middle Tennessee.It is included in the Hincheyville Historic District also listed on the National Register. St. Paul's is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee.
 Musangsa is a Zen Buddhist temple near Daejeon South Korea an affiliate of the Kwan Um School of Zen. The temple holds various silent retreats throughout the year and is open to guests on Saturdays at the approval of the head abbot. The temple also hosts many foreign practitioners of the Kwan Um Zen lineage providing them a chance to practice in Korea.
 Thomas Scott House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1796 and is a two-story three bay stuccoed stone vernacular Federal style dwelling. It has a one-story stone addition and full width front porch with Eastlake brackets.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Old Christiansburg Industrial Institute is a historic African American trade school complex located at Christiansburg Montgomery County Virginia. The complex includes the Hill School (1885) the Schaeffer Memorial Baptist Church (1885) and the Primary Annex (1888). The Hill School is a 2 1/2 story cruciform-plan gable-roof structure set on a low stone foundation. Although the building is stylistically in the Italianate mode the windows suggest a Queen Anne Revival inspiration.
 The Hilleary T. Burrows House is an historic Queen Anne style home located at 4520 River Road Northwest Washington D.C. west of Tenley Circle in the Tenleytown neighborhood.It was built in 1897 from H. Galloway Ten Eyck pattern book by B. N. Burgoyne.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Drake Circus Shopping Centre is a 425000 square feet (39484 m2) covered shopping mall in the centre of Plymouth England which opened in October 2006.The new building designed by London-based architects Chapman Taylor and built by Bovis Lend Lease and situated behind the ruined Charles Church preserved as the city's civilian war memorial has provoked a mixed reception.
 Immaculate Conception Church is a historic church at 708 Erie Street in Grafton Ohio.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Watertown Masonic Temple is a historic building located in Watertown in Jefferson County New York. It was constructed in 1914 as a meeting hall for a local Masonic lodge. and is a three story Neoclassical style rectangular masonry and steel structure.
 The Hay–Adams is a luxury hotel located at 800 16th Street NW in Washington D.C. Lafayette Square and St. John's Episcopal Church also known as the Church of the Presidents are located across the street. The hotel is a contributing property to the Lafayette Square Historic District and a member of the Historic Hotels of America.The hotel occupies the site where the 1885 homes of John Hay and Henry Adams once stood at 16th and H Streets NW.
 The Glen Oak Hotel is a historic hotel building located at Hurlock Dorchester County Maryland United States. It is a three-story frame building constructed about 1890. A two-story porch with Tuscan columns spans the south facade. The hotel was one of the first buildings constructed in the town and functioned as a commercial and social center serving salesmen who traveled by rail.The Glen Oak Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Woodside Bible Church is a non-denominational megachurch. It is a multi-campus evangelical church in Troy with satellite campuses in Warren White Lake Royal Oak Lake Orion Farmington Hills Detroit Michigan and Romeo Michigan. In 2010 Woodside Bible was listed as the 86th largest church in America and the 94th fastest growing by Outreach Magazine with an attendance of 6363. It is considered to be one of the nation's fastest-growing congregations. The church is led by Dr.
 The Minoritenkirche (English: Minorites Church related to the monastic order of the Minor or Franciscan monks) formally called Italienische Nationalkirche Maria Schnee (English: Italian National Church of Mary of the Snows) is a church built in French Gothic style in the Altstadt or First District of Vienna Austria.The site on which the church is built was given to followers of Francis of Assisi in 1224. The foundation stone was laid by Premysl Ottokar II in 1276.
 The Kirkland Place Historic District is a historic district on Kirkland Place in Cambridge Massachusetts. The district which abuts the Harvard University campus to the west contains an architecturally cohesive and distinctive set of seven houses six of which were completed before 1857. Four houses were designed by Isaac Cutler who laid out Kirkland Place in 1855. The make way for these four houses Cutler moved an 1839 Greek Revival house now 14 Kirkland Place to the back of its lot.
 Falmouth Hospital is a hospital in Falmouth Jamaica. It is owned by the Western Regional Health Authority a Jamaican government agency. Located on the coast in the northwest part of Falmouth Falmouth Hospital is a general use hospital that includes an emergency department. In 2007 two new surgical theatres were built at a cost of $350 million (in Jamaican dollars; $3.2 million US dollars).
 University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Medical Center (BWMC) is a hospital in Glen Burnie Maryland that is part of the University of Maryland Medical System (UMMS). The hospital opened as North Arundel Hospital in 1965 with three floors and limited acute care services.
 The Allyn Steele House was built in 1775 at 114 N. Main Street West Hartford Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Passione was an Italian restaurant at 10 Charlotte Street in the Fitzrovia district of London between 1999 and March 2009. It gave its name to an Italian cookbook written by Gennaro Contaldo a co-owner of the restaurant. Both featured a cooking style reflective of the Amalfi Coast Contaldo's birthplace and with a focus on the best seasonal ingredients.Passione was awarded 'Best Italian Restaurant 2005' by the Tio Pepe Restaurant Awards.
 Church of St George is a Serbian Orthodox church in Grubišno Polje Croatia.
 Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital is located at 417 Third Ave. in Albany Georgia.The health system is a network of hospitals family medicine clinics rehab facilities auxiliary services and medical education training facilities. The flagship hospital Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital is a 691-bed teaching hospital and a regional center for cancer and cardiac medicine. The Phoebe Cancer Center is one of the busiest and most advanced in the Southeast.
 The John Lueschen House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 MCB Tower situated in Karachi Pakistan is the headquarters of MCB Bank Limited. It is the second tallest building in Pakistan. It is about 116 m (381 ft) tall and contains 29 floors and 3 basement floors. Construction began in 2000 and was completed in 2005.
 The Sé Cathedral of Angra do Heroísmo (Portuguese: Sé Catedral de Angra do Heroísmo) is a Portuguese 16th-century cathedral located in the civil parish of Sé in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the archipelago of the Azores.
 The Wellman Building also known as the Wellman Block is a historic commercial building located at Jamestown in Chautauqua County New York. It consists of an 1897 masonry bearing wall structure and a steel frame structure built in 1910. The 1897 building is a five story Renaissance Revival brick building. The 1910 addition retains the Renaissance Revival style.
 US Post Office-Herkimer is a historic post office building located at Herkimer in Herkimer County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1933-1934 by consulting architect Ross Edgar Sluyter for the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department. It is a one story seven bay building faced with red brick laid in Flemish bond above a granite clad foundation in the Colonial Revival style.
 Winsted also known as the Todd House and the Old Brick House is a historic home located at Aberdeen Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two-story five-bay brick federal style dwelling on a low stone foundation. Also on the property is a small one-story rubble stone smokehouse.Winsted was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Charles Sumner School established in 1872 was one of the earliest schools for African Americans in Washington D.C. Named for the prominent abolitionist and United States Senator Charles Sumner the school became the first teachers college for black citizens in the city and the headquarters of its segregated school system for African American students. It currently houses a small museum a research room art exhibits and the archives of the District of Columbia Public Schools.
 Erie Railroad Signal Tower Waldwick Yard is located in Waldwick Bergen County New Jersey United States. The tower was built in 1886 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 23 1987.
 The Vaad Ha'ir Synagogue (Spanish: Sinagoga Vaad Ha'ir) is a synagogue in Montevideo Uruguay.The construction of this temple started in 1944 it was consecrated in 1948. It used to have a rich religious life during its first decades.
 St. Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a two story timber framed church built of native limestone coated in stucco and exhibiting characteristics of Federal style church architecture. It features a prominent steeple that consists of a square base and a three stage octagonal spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Bradenton Bank and Trust Company built during the height of the Florida land boom and now known as the Professional Building is an historic 7-story commercial building located at 1023 Manatee Avenue West just east of the Manatee County Courthouse in Bradenton Manatee County Florida. When the building opened on February 22 1926 the bank occupied the ground floor and the upper floors were occupied by about 90 commercial tenants. By 1929 however there were only 20 tenants left.
 The Cathedral of the Good Shepherd (Chinese: 善牧主教座堂) is the oldest Roman Catholic church in Singapore. It is located in the Museum Planning Area within the Civic District and affords a welcome respite from the city.Bounded by the parallel Queen and Victoria Streets and Bras Basah Road the Cathedral sits within well-shaded grounds.
 Le Manais a château at Ferrières-en-Bray near Gournay-en-Bray in Normandy was a three-story building in extensive farmlands.In the late 1940s Le Manais was the home of the Count and Countess Du Plessix.
 The Galerie Vivienne is a passage in the second arrondissement of Paris France.It is 176 metres (577 ft) long and 3 metres (9.8 ft) wide.The gallery has been registered as a historical monument since 7 July 1974.
 Kensington Branch of the Philadelphia YWCA is a historic YWCA building located in the Hugh neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1911 and expanded in 1916. It is a six-story brick with terra cotta trim building in the Colonial Revival style. The original three-story section was built as the Hoffman Memorial wing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Evans House was a house built in 1893 by Doctor John M. Evans located in Phoenix Arizona. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The house is not accessible to the public.
 The Church of All Hallows Allerton is in Allerton Liverpool England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Liverpool South – Childwall.
 James-Lorah House also known as the Judge Chapman House and VIA House is a historic home located in Doylestown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1844 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed townhouse dwelling with a medium gable roof. It has a 1 1/2-story rear wing with a high gable roof and end chimney. The house features eyebrow windows and marble entrance steps. It was built for Henry Chapman who served in the U.S.
 The National Firearms Museum is a museum focused on the evolution of firearms throughout the years and the history of firearms in America. The present location is 11250 Waples Mill Road Fairfax Virginia. The museum is owned and operated by the National Rifle Association and the museum's mission is to promote gun collecting and the preservation of the heritage of firearms.The museum is open every day of the week 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 Killeen Mall is a 557418-square-foot (51785.8 m2) shopping mall located in Killeen Texas located on 63.1 acres (25.5 ha). It is owned and managed by Jones Lang Lasalle.Opened in 1981 the indoor shopping center has 100 stores. The original anchors were Bealls Sears and O. G. Wilson Catalog Showroom owned by Zale Corporation (later Best Products).Killeen Mall is one of two regional malls in Bell County with the other being Temple Mall in nearby Temple Texas.
 Snow Hill is a manor house located south of Laurel Maryland off Maryland Route 197 in Prince George's County. Built between 1799 and 1801 the one-and-a-half-story brick house is rectangular with a gambrel roof interior end chimneys and shed dormers. It has a center entrance with transom and a small gabled porch. A central hall plan was used with an elaborate interior and corner cupboards. The original south wing was removed and rebuilt and the home restored.
 St Paul's Church Adlington is in Railway Road Adlington Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Benjamin Wellington House is a historic house at 56 Whittier Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1810 by Benjamin Wellington and is one of the city's few Federal style house with brick end-walls. The house is a well-proportioned five bays wide and three deep with paired chimneys on each of the gable ends. A single-story porch with Tuscan columns wraps around two sides of the house.
 Miller House is a mansion on the Embassy Row section of Massachusetts Avenue in Washington D.C.. It was designed by Paul J. Pelz the architect of the Library of Congress in the Northern Renaissance style and built in 1900-01 for Commander Frederick Augustus Miller (1842–1909). Because Miller had been a U.S. Navy officer during the U.S.
 Walter Schnader Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1900 and is a three-story rectangular brick building with a flat roof and stone foundation. It is three bays wide. Besides being used as a warehouse the building has also been used as a recording studio.
 Halsey Estate-Tallwood is a historic home located at West Hills in Suffolk County New York known locally as Tallwood but more formally known as the Halsey Estate. It was built in 1925 and is a symmetrically arranged 22-bay shingled residence with a central block and a series of either gable or gambrel roofs and varies in height from 1 1⁄2 stories to 2 1⁄2 stories. The central 2 1⁄2-story block is five bays wide and has a gambrel roof. It is representative of the Colonial Revival style.
 World Market Center Las Vegas located at 495 S. Grand Central Parkway in Las Vegas Nevada is a 5000000-square-foot (460000 m2) showcase for the home and hospitality contract furnishings industry in downtown Las Vegas. It is the largest showroom complex in the world for the home and hospitality furnishings industry serving domestic and international sellers and buyers.World Market Center has a 5 million square-foot market center in Las Vegas.
 The Gridley Store at 247 Water St. in the Upper Austin area of Austin Nevada is a historic building built in 1863 but with significance dating to 1864 during the American Civil War. It is associated with Reuel Colt Gridley who reportedly lost a bet and had to carry a 50-pound (23 kg) sack of flour throughout the town. The flour was sold as a benefit to raise money for the U.S. Sanitary Commission which aided wounded Union soldiers.
 First Baptist Church Education Building is a historic building at 317 Oak Street in Chattanooga Tennessee.It was built in 1928 to serve the congregation of the adjacent First Baptist Church which had been built in 1886. Both buildings were designed by prominent local architect Reuben Harrison Hunt. Hunt was a member of the First Baptist Church and the church building was his first major architectural project in Chattanooga.
 El Faro Restaurant is a small Spanish food emporium located at 823 Greenwich Street in Manhattan New York's West Village since it opened in 1927.Its first set of owners Manuel Rivas and Edwardo Cabana ran the establishment as a Spanish bar and grill. This area of New York was heavily populated with Irish immigrants who worked in the nearby meatpacking houses which still stand today.
 St. Mary's Church Brighstone is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brighstone Isle of Wight. The churchyard contains a memorial stone to George Albert Cairns VC.
 The Watermark Detroit project is one of three condo developments chosen to fill sites along the Detroit Riverfront once occupied by cement companies. The project previously known as Chene West was the first to reach a development agreement with the city.Detroit businessman former Piston and current Mayor of Detroit Dave Bing said construction of the buildings which were to house 112 units that included condos and town homes was expected to be completed by 2009.
 The Commandant's Quarters at the Dearborn Arsenal is a military structure located at 21950 Michigan Avenue in Dearborn Michigan. It is the oldest building in Dearborn still located on its original site and is considered to be one of the seven most significant buildings in Michigan.
 First Baptist Church (Spanish Seventh-day Adventist Church) is a historic church at 901-907 Bloomfield Street in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 Woodwardville Historic District is a national historic district at Woodwardville Anne Arundel County Maryland. The district consists of 16 historic structures most of which are located adjacent to Patuxent Road which runs through the center of the village of Woodwardville. The district contains good examples of late-19th and early-20th century domestic architecture including Bungalow Foursquare Tudor Revival and Queen Anne styles.
 Jahn's Family Restaurant and Ice Cream Parlor (See the song Frank Jahn the Ice Cream Mon - not man - for pronunciation - that and other stories about the parlor were on their menus in the 1970s) was an old-fashioned ice cream parlor and restaurant with locations in the New York City area and Miami-Dade County Florida and was famous for its huge Kitchen Sink Sundae.
 The Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University formerly the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia is the oldest natural science research institution and museum in the New World. It was founded in 1812 by many of the leading naturalists of the young republic with an expressed mission of the encouragement and cultivation of the sciences.
 Masjid-an-Noor is the first and only mosque in the province of Newfoundland Canada. The mosque is located in the provincial capital of St. John's and was built in 1990 by the Muslim Association of Newfoundland and Labrador.A large proportion of the congregation are students or faculty at the Memorial University of Newfoundland.The mosque is less than 10km west of Cape Spear the easternmost point in North America.
 Preserved Gardner House is a historic house at 90 Milford Road in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1820 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 Greyfriars Church is an evangelical Anglican church and former Franciscan friary in the town centre of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. The church forms part of the Church of England's Diocese of Oxford.It is the oldest Franciscan church still in use as a place of worship in the UK and is said to be the most complete surviving example of Franciscan architecture in England.
 Northland Village Mall is a shopping centre in northwest Calgary Alberta. Northland Village is a one level shopping centre with over 81 retail shops and services.It is located at the intersection of Crowchild Trail and Shaganappi Trail in the neighbourhoods of Brentwood and Dalhousie and immediately north of the University of Calgary research park.
 Stanford Shopping Center is an upscale open air shopping mall located on Route 82 (El Camino Real) at Sand Hill Road in Palo Alto California. It is on the campus of Stanford University although the university only owns the land and not the actual buildings or stores. Also unlike the rest of the campus the shopping center and the neighboring Stanford University Medical Center are counted as part of the city of Palo Alto not the census-designated place (CDP) of Stanford CA.
 African Zion Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 4104 Malden Drive in Malden Kanawha County West Virginia. It is a one-story frame structure built atop a stone foundation. It has a gable roof topped by a wooden bell tower. This is considered the mother church of African-American Baptists in West Virginia many of whom migrated there after the American Civil War and Reconstruction.
 The Tamástslikt Cultural Institute is a museum and research institute located on the Umatilla Indian Reservation near Pendleton in eastern Oregon. It is the only Native American museum along the Oregon Trail. The institute is dedicated to the culture of the Cayuse Umatilla and Walla Walla tribes of Native Americans. The main permanent exhibition of the museum provides a history of the culture of three tribes and of the reservation itself.
 The Chase Tower (formerly known as Valley Center and Bank One Center) in Phoenix Arizona is the tallest building in the state of Arizona. Built in 1972 it is 483 feet (147 m) tall.[citation needed] It was originally built for local financial heavyweight Valley National Bank which Bank One merged with in 1993. Bank One merged with Chase in 2005 and the building was renamed in December 2005. It is 40 stories tall but the highest occupiable floor is the 38th.
 Amos Jerome Snell Hall and Charles Hitchcock Hall more commonly known as Snell–Hitchcock make up a residence hall at the University of Chicago. Built in 1892 (Snell) and 1901 (Hitchcock) they are the oldest residence halls still in use as such on the university's campus. Snell is built in a Collegiate Gothic style while Hitchcock is Prairie Style-inspired Gothic.
 The Benaiah Titcomb House is a historic First Period house at 189 John Wise Avenue in Essex Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house built c. 1700 in Newburyport was a two story section two rooms wide with a central chimney. Sometime before the end of the First Period (c. 1720s) a shed-style leanto addition was added to its rear (the side now facing the street) giving it a saltbox appearance. The house was moved to its present location in 1917 oriented to provide views of the coast.
 The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall located in the Tanasbourne area of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in October 2004 the center provides shopping to the Hillsboro/Beaverton area west of Portland near the Sunset Highway. The $55 million center is an open-air complex designed to mimic older downtown shopping districts and has 55 store locations.
 Orange Street Presbyterian Church (also known as First Church of Christ Scientist) is a historic church building at 428 Orange Street in Hot Springs Arkansas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 2002.
 The Sea Marge Hotel is an AA 3-star hotel in the English seaside village of Overstrand in the county of Norfolk. The hotel also has 2 AA Rosettes for Food.
 Twin Oaks is an 18.1 acre estate located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood in Washington D.C.. The historic residence completed in 1888 was designed by Francis Allen for Gardiner Green Hubbard founder and first president of the National Geographic Society and father-in-law of Alexander Graham Bell. Twin Oaks was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1983 the National Register of Historic Places listings in western Washington D.C.
 The Harrison Courthouse Square Historic District is an area of Harrison Arkansas. It is known by residents simply as the Square. The Harrison Courthouse Square Historic District includes the 1911 Boone County Courthouse two pharmacies several clothing stores and restaurants and a Marine Corps museum. The District also has a bank and the Lyric Theater. The District is the site of several annual festivals including Crawdad Days and the Fall Festival.
 Bridge in West Fallowfield Township is a historic steel Pratt pony truss bridge located in West Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans Octoraro Creek. It has a single span 85-foot-long (26 m). The bridge was constructed in 1885 by the Phoenix Bridge Company Phoenixville Pennsylvania.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Elmore Court is a grade II listed mansion located at Elmore in the Stroud district of Gloucestershire England. The original building dates from between 1564 and 1588. The house has been the family seat of the Guise Baronets for nearly 800 years first granted by John De Burg with the rent set at One clove of Gillyflower each year.The current owner Anselm Guise inherited the estate from his uncle in 2007 with the Baronetcy going to Anselm's father Sir Christopher James Guise.
 Castle of Vila Viçosa (Portuguese: Castelo de Vila Viçosa) is a castle located in the civil parish of Nossa Senhora da Conceição e São Bartolomeu in the municipality of Vila Viçosa in the Portuguese Alentejo. It was the seat of House of Braganza prior to the construction of the Ducal Palace of Vila Viçosa.
 Main Street at Exton is a lifestyle center situated in the community of Exton in West Whiteland Township Pennsylvania near Pennsylvania Route 100. The complex is designed like a town center. Another source refers to Main Street at Exton as a twenty-first century makeover of the strip mall. Major retailers include Walmart Sam's Club Bed Bath & Beyond Old Navy Modell's Sporting Goods Babies R Us Barnes & Noble Pier 1 Imports and Michaels.
 The Château d'Argeville is a château in the commune of Vernou-la-Celle-sur-Seine Seine-et-Marne France. Some elements of the château date from the 17th century and those and parts of its grounds are protected as a monument historique.The château was occupied during the last decades of his life by the exiled English politician Lord Bolingbroke (1678–1751) who wrote many of his works there.
 Thomas Chubbuck Jr. House is an historic house at 1191 Main Street in Hingham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1778 and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.
 St. Paul's Church Hyson Green is a former Church of England parish church in Hyson Green Nottingham.
 Metropolitan Edison Building is a historic office building located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1926-1927 and is a 12-story L-shaped steel frame building faced with Indiana limestone brick and terra cotta reflective of the Chicago style. It stands 150 feet tall. A five-story addition was completed in 1956. The building measures 119 feet 8 inches by 169 feet 6 inches.
 Patsy's is a well-known family-owned and operated Neapolitan cuisine restaurant located at 236 West 56th Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue) Manhattan in New York City's Theater District.
 Wednesbury Museum and Art Gallery is a purpose built Victorian art gallery in Wednesbury in the West Midlands. It is notable for its Ruskin Pottery collection and for hosting the first public display of the Stuckism art movement.
 Fredella Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It includes eight contributing buildings. They are multi-story concrete residential buildings built as speculative housing for Italian immigrant families. They are built of molded concrete block and decorated with cast concrete trim and characterized by two story porches with concrete fluted columns.
 Robinwood also known as the George H. Miller House is a historic residence in Elmhurst Illinois.
 The Nathaniel Backus House is a two-story Greek Revival clapboarded house with a gable roof in Norwich Connecticut. The house was built around 1750 by Nathaniel Backus and served as his home it was later moved to its current location in 1952. The house originally began as a Colonial but was greatly modified to Greek Revival around 1825 reconfiguring the central door to the left of the facade and adding two chimneys.
 Colegiata de Santa María Magdalena is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Church of the Redeemer is the oldest Moravian Church building in Kingston Jamaica and houses a congregation of the Jamaican province of the Moravian Church. It was opened in 1918. The name which is unusual for a Moravian church was bestowed by its builder Jonathan Reinke because he did not want people to speak of Reinke's church.
 St Michael's is a redundant Anglican church in East Peckham Kent England. The Grade II* listed church is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust and open to the public.
 White House United Methodist Church is a historic church in Orangeburg South Carolina.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1974.
 The Royal Horseguards Hotel is a 5-star London hotel situated in the area of Whitehall. It is operated by Guoman Hotels a subsidiary of Thistle Hotels.
 The Valley Falls Mill is an historic site on 1363 Broad Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The Italianate mill was built in 1849 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Roberts Chapel is a historic chapel in Nicholasville Kentucky.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Toodyay Memorial Hall is a heritage-listed building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. It was originally built in 1899 as the Newcastle Municipal Chambers then substantially extended in 1910 with further extensions in 1956–57 and 1990–92.The building includes two halls: the 60 m2 (650 sq ft) Lesser Hall or Foyer (the original 1899 building) and a larger 250 m2 (2700 sq ft) auditorium with a stage.
 Roan church is a parish church in the municipality of Roan in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church was built in 1702 and is sometimes known as the Fosen cathedral (Norwegian: Fosenkatedralen). The church is built of stone and can hold up to 350 people.The church is the main church for the Roan parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Urwin's Store is a historically significant building located on Stirling Terrace Toodyay Western Australia. It is currently registered on the Australian Heritage Database.It was built in 1898 by Henry Davey Jnr. It is a double storey building with parapet decorated with scrolls and finials and is constructed of rendered brick iron and timber framed windows. The ground floor has always been used as a shop and has retained much of its original character and features.
 Parkersburg Women's Club is a historic clubhouse located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built between about 1860 and 1879 as a private home in the Italian Villa style. It is a two-story frame building with a very low-pitched hipped roof. It features a one-story wraparound porch.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Wellington Somerset England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.A church on the site was previously known as St. Mary the Virgin.The tower was built around 1510.The current organ was rebuilt in 1997. It replaced one first installed around 1700. The church was restored several times during the 19th century.
 William Stolte Sr. House is a historic late 19th-century house in Reedsburg Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is located at 432 S. Walnut St next to William Stolte Jr. House.
 The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House was constructed in 1876. Now it has been repaired repainted and appointed with appropriate furnishings of the times this home very much depicts pioneer design and craftsmanship. The Simon Peter Eggertsen Sr. House was designated to the Provo City Historic Landmarks Registry on March 7 1996.
 US Post Office-Watkins Glen is a historic post office building located at Watkins Glen in Schuyler County New York. It was designed and built in 1934-1935 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a small one story five bay steel frame red brick clad building executed in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Farrandsville Iron Furnace also known as Lycoming Coal Co. is a historic iron furnace located at Colebrook Township in Clinton County Pennsylvania about 6 miles northwest of Lock Haven. It was built between 1836 and 1837 and measures 43 feet square by 54 feet high. It is a rare example of an early attempt to adopt coke as a blast furnace fuel.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Donehoo-Brannen House built in 1917 is an historic house located at 332 Savannah Avenue in Statesboro Georgia in the United States. Also known as the Donehoo-Brannen-Nesmith House it was designed by the Georgia-born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida Georgia and Texas.
 Greenhouse is a bar/restaurant at 100 St Georges Terrace in Perth Western Australia. Designed by Dutch-born florist artist builder and environmentalist Joost Bakker and opened in 2009 it is a quirky eco-friendly restaurant concept which has been described as ...
 Engine Company No. 5 is located in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was designed by Fall & Maxon and was built in 1898. The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1984.
 The Petitfils-Boos House is an Italian Renaissance Revival mansion in the Hancock Park section of Los Angeles California. It was designed by Charles F. Plummer and built in 1922. In 2005 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.
 1 Bloor East is a mixed-use skyscraper planned to be constructed at the intersection of Bloor Street and Yonge Street in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. The project was initially launched by developer Bazis International Inc. in 2007 before being cancelled and re-developed under developer Great Gulf Homes. The two-storey buildings located on the site were demolished in December 2008.In July 2009 both the final scope and the eventual fate of the project were called into question.
 The South End of Stamford Connecticut is a rapidly growing neighborhood located at the southern end of the city just south of the Downtown neighborhood. It is expected to be greatly changed with redevelopment over the next decade. The South End is a peninsula bordered by Interstate 95 to the north and almost totally by water on all other sides with few streets linking it to neighborhoods to the east and west.
 The Miles Brewton House is located at 27 King St. Charleston South Carolina USA. It is one of the finest examples of a double house (a reference to the arrangement of four main rooms per floor) in Charleston. Its extensive collection of dependencies makes it one of the most complete Georgian townhouse complexes in America. The house was built ca. 1769 for Miles Brewton.
 The Farrell Building is a building located in Camas Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary at the Elms is a Church of England church in Ipswich England.
 St. Mary of the Angels Motherhouse Complex is a historic Roman Catholic convent located at Williamsville in Erie County New York. It was designed in 1928 by Dietel and Wade who also designed Buffalo City Hall as an expansion of the Amherst headquarters of the Sisters of St. Francis. It served the sisters until 1998 when the property was transferred to the State of New York and Town of Amherst for public park use.
 The War Eagle Bridge a one lane steel bridge built in 1907 adjoins the War Eagle Mill and carries County Route 98 over War Eagle Creek in Benton County Arkansas. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 19 1985.
 Wesley Memorial Church is a Methodist church in central Oxford England. John and Charles Wesley studied in Oxford and the congregation was founded in 1783. The present church building was completed in 1878.Oxford's first Methodist meeting house was a building on the east side of New Inn Hall Street. It is now numbered 32–34 and is part of Brasenose College.
 The parish church of St Margaret of Antioch Lee was built between 1839 and 1841 in a simple early Victorian style (to a design by Norwich architect John Brown) replacing an older mediaeval church dating to around 1120.
 Burger Heaven is a family owned diner-style burger restaurant in New York City established in 1943. In 2009 the chain operated six locations in Midtown Manhattan and the Upper East Side though in recent years some locations were closed and the number of locations in May 2012 has been reduced to 3.
 Inter Scaldes is a restaurant located in Kruiningen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin stars from 1977 to 1983 and two stars from 1984 up until now. GaultMillau awarded them 19.50 points (out of 20).Restaurant Inter Scaldes earned its second star in 1984 under the leadership of head chef Maartje Boudeling.
 Carnegie Hall Tower is a 60-story skyscraper located on 57th Street in New York City. Part of a cluster of three very tall buildings (along with CitySpire Center and Metropolitan Tower) the tower was built in an architectural style in harmony with its western neighbor Carnegie Hall a New York landmark.The tower is 231 meters (757 ft) tall and was completed in 1991 following the design by Cesar Pelli first conceived in 1987.
 Iglesia de San Juan el Real (Llamas) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in 857.
 Ames Hill/Crescent Hill District is an historic district in Springfield Massachusetts bounded by sections of Central Maple Mill and Pine Streets Crescent Hill Ames Hill Drive and Maple Court. This section of Springfield was the city's first Gold Coast built primarily during the early Industrial Revolution from approximately 1812-1850. The Ames Hill/Crescent Hill Historic District includes Mulberry Street the upper-class street made famous by Dr.
 The Frenchglen Hotel State Heritage Site is a hotel in the sparsely populated southeast part of Oregon United States. It is located in the unincorporated community of Frenchglen near the base of Steens Mountain and at the northern end of the loop road that ascends almost to the mountain's summit above 9000 feet (2700 m).The Oregon Parks and Recreation Department took possession of the property in 1973. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Osterhoudt Stone House is a historic home located at Saugerties in Ulster County New York. It was built about 1818 and is a two story five by two bay limestone and brownstone building set on a coursed stone foundation and covered by a metal clad gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Verdant Works is a former jute mill in the Blackness area of Dundee Scotland. It was purchased in 1991 by the Dundee Heritage Trust. The Trust restored the buildings and opened them in 1996 as a museum dedicated to textile industry an industry that once dominated the city's economy.
 New Market United Methodist Church is a historic church at 310 Hurricane Road in New Market Alabama. It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 O'Kane Market and O'Kane Building are historic commercial buildings located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The O'Kane Market (1878) and O'Kane Building (1889–1890) are architecturally significant as intact representative examples of late 19th century Italianate and Eclectic style commercial properties in Rochester's Eighth Ward.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Cooper–Hewitt National Design Museum is a design museum located in New York New York. It is one of nineteen museums that falls under the wing of the Smithsonian Institution and is one of two Smithsonian museums located in New York City. It is the only museum in the United States devoted to historical and contemporary design. Its collections and exhibitions explore approximately 240 years of design aesthetic and creativity.
 The Omni William Penn Hotel is a 23 floor (3 underground) hotel located at 530 William Penn Place on Mellon Square in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. A variety of luminaries have stayed at the hotel including John F. Kennedy. The hotel staff innovated Lawrence Welk's now famous bubble machine and it was the site of Bob Hope's marriage proposal in 1934.
 Central California Women's Facility (CCWF) is a female-only California Department of Corrections state prison located in Chowchilla California. It is across the road from Valley State Prison. CCWF prison is the largest female correctional facility in the United States and houses the State of California's death row for women.
 The Crook Farm is an historic district in Foster Township near Bradford McKean County Pennsylvania United States. It includes the Crook Farmhouse constructed originally in 1856 and believed to be the oldest such structure in the area. It also includes the Olmstead Well Site the first large producer of oil from the Bradford Oil Field.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 26 1976.
 The Pagoda is a novelty building built atop the south end of Mount Penn overlooking Reading Pennsylvania United States. It has been a symbol of the city for more than a century.
 The Clarke–Mossman House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 McKendree Methodist Episcopal Church (McKendree United Methodist Church) is a historic church on Betsy Pack Drive in Jasper Tennessee.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The First Congregational Church of Manistee Michigan United Church of Christ was founded on July 20 1862 with ten charter members. The Rev. George Thompson who had recently returned to Michigan following missionary work in Africa was persuaded to preach the first sermon and organize the new church. One of the first churches to be organized in the community the congregation worshiped in the fire hall and eventually purchased the building for their own meeting space.
 The IEC Tower is a skyscraper located in Haifa Israel. At 130 meters in height and at 30 floors is the second tallest building in the city and the thirteenth tallest in Israel. Completed in 2003 the IEC Tower was designed by Rozov-Hirsch Architects and Mansfeld Kehat Architects and is the tallest building in Israel to serve only one company the Israel Electric Corporation who moved their headquarters here from Tel Aviv. It is also Haifa's tallest office building.
 Bacchi Wapen was a high-end music venue and restaurant in Järntorgsgatan Gamla stan Stockholm Sweden. The building is several centuries old and is a fine example of 18th century neo-classical architecture.Bacchi Wapen went bankrupt in 2002 but opened again in 2004 under the name Bacci Bar and in 2007 as the mixed and gay bar Pigalle.
 First United Methodist Church is located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984 as First Methodist Episcopal Church which is its original name.
 St. Laurence's Church Norwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Norwell Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 J. Martin Nowland House is a historic house at 31 Edgemere Road in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 White Horse Farm also known as the Elijah F. Pennypacker House is a historic home and farm located in Schuylkill Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built around 1770. In the 19th century it was the home of abolitionist Elijah F. Pennypacker and served as a station on the Underground Railroad. The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Ten Museum Park is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown and forms part of the Biscayne Wall a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It was designed by Chad Oppenheim of Oppenheim Architecture + Design. Lance Simon then of Phoenix-FTA provided high-rise expertise. Completed in early 2007 it opened for residential occupancy in mid-2007.
 Librije’s Zusje (English:Librijes little sister) is a restaurant located in Zwolle Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2009-2011 In 2012 ‘’Librije’s Zusje’’ was awarded two Michelin stars. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.The restaurant is owned by Jonnie and Thérèse Boer and is part of the culinary group around De Librije.
 St Andrew's Church Ashton-on-Ribble is located in Blackpool Road Ashton-on-Ribble Preston Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St Michael and All Angels Ashton-on-Ribble. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Riyadh Military Hospital (RMH) also known as Riyadh Armed Forces Hospital is located in Riyadh City the capital of Saudi Arabia considered as one of the most advanced centres in the Middle East. It is located in the heart of Riyadh. At a distance of approximately 20 Kilometres from the city centre and easily accessible to the general population. It's the flagship of the RMH Program. RMH is the Medical Services Department (MSD) of the Ministry of Defense and Aviation (MODA).
 The Andy Griffith Museum is a museum dedicated to the life and career of American actor television producer and singer Andy Griffith. The museum which houses the world's largest collection of Andy Griffith memorabilia is located in Griffith's hometown of Mount Airy North Carolina. Much of the museum's collection was acquired by Griffith's friend and the founder of Andy Griffith Museum Emmett Forrest. The facility opened to the public on September 26 2009.
 The Fisher Farm Site is an archaeological site in Centre County Pennsylvania United States. Located in fields on the outskirts of Unionville it is one of central Pennsylvania's leading archaeological sites.
 The Malone Freight Depot is a historic railroad freight depot located at Malone in Franklin County New York. It was built about 1852 by the Northern Railroad and is a one-story rectangular sandstone building with a low-pitched gable roof. It measures approximately 40 feet by 120 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Winter Gardens is a large entertainment complex in the town centre of Blackpool Lancashire England. It has twelve different venues including a theatre ballroom and conference facilities. Opened in 1878 it is a Grade II* listed building incorporating various elements built between 1875 and 1939.
 St. Helen's Church Grove is a parish church in the Church of England in Grove Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Chase Tower also known as Cotter Ranch Tower is a signature skyscraper in Oklahoma City's central business district. Previously known as Liberty Tower (the name it had upon completion) and Bank One Tower the building is now named Cotter Tower after its owner real estate holdings owner James Cotter of San Antonio Texas. At 152.4 meters (500 feet) it is the second tallest building in the city and the fifth tallest in the state of Oklahoma.
 Cruse-Hossington House is located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1798 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Old Stone Church built in 1891 to replace the Baptist Church that burned is an historic building in West Boylston Massachusetts. On April 13 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mizpah Hotel is a historic hotel in Tonopah Nevada. Mizpah Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.The five-story Mizpah was the tallest building in Nevada until 1929. It was named after the Mizpah Mine and was the social hub of Tonopah. The hotel was pre-dated by the Mizpah Saloon which opened in 1907 and was the first permanent structure in Tonopah.
 The Gulf Coast Archive and Museum of Gay Lesbian Bisexual and Transgender History (GCAM) is an LGBT history organization located in Neartown Houston Texas (United States). The office and an ongoing exhibit of artwork are on display at the GLBT Cultural Center at 401 Branard inside the Montrose Counseling Center building.
 Ritz-Carlton Hotel and Residences is a proposed five star hotel and residential building project in Astana Kazakhstan. The project will have a tower of 60 floors and will reach a structural height of 240 metres (790 ft).[citation needed]
 Jefferson County Courthouse Complex is a courthouse complex and national historic district located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. The district includes three contributing buildings; the courthouse building (1862) Clerk's Office (1883–1884) and Surrogate's Office (1905). The courthouse building is a two story red brick structure with limestone trim. It features a three story tower on the northwest corner.
 Montaigle Castle (French: Château de Montaigle) is a ruined medieval castle in Falaën in the municipality of Onhaye province of Namur Wallonia.It was built in the 14th century and destroyed by Henry II of France in 1554. It stands on a rocky spur overlooking the valleys of the Molignée and of the Flavion.The site was used during the Late Roman period for a Belgo-Roman fortification.
 St. Paul's Episcopal also known as the Church of the Nazarene is a historic Episcopal church located at Orleans in Jefferson County New York. The church was built in 1878 and is a small wood frame Queen Anne–style edifice with Gothic Revival details. A truncated square engaged bell tower was added in 1908. The church changed hands to be the Church of the Nazarene about 1900 and was used as such until 1994.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Riley Hill School is a historic educational building located in Wendell North Carolina a town in eastern Wake County. Built in 1928 the school is an example of Colonial Revival architecture. In April 2001 Riley Hill School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kyle Building (also known as Kyle Block) was built in 1933 as a storefront. It is located at 215 Orleans St. in downtown Beaumont Texas. The building contains 11 stores and has two story offices at both ends of the building. It is an excellent example of Zig-Zag Art Deco architecture. It is located at the site of the Kyle Opera house which was demolished in 1931.
 The Roy and Leola Gangware House is a historic house in Multnomah County Oregon United States just outside of the Portland municipal boundary. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Basharat Mosque (span.: Mezquita Basharat; the name means “good news”) was inaugurated on September 10 1982 in Pedro Abad in the Spanish comarca of Alto Guadalquivir province of Córdoba by Mirza Tahir Ahmad (late) fourth Caliph of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (currently fifth Caliph Mirza Masroor Ahmad heads the Community). The mosque is the centre of Ahmadiyya-Movement in Spain.The foundation stone was laid by the 3rd Khalifat-ul Masih Mirza Nasir Ahmad on October 9 1980.
 The U.S. Civil Service Commission Building is a 1911 six story brick building near the White House in Washington D.C.. It housed the Civil Service Commission from 1911 to 1932. It currently houses various offices for the Executive Branch and the U.S Trade Representatives. Unlike many federal buildings of the time it was built by a private developer for the government.
 The Edison Plaza is a 17-story office building in downtown Beaumont Texas located at 350 Pine St. The building is downtown's newest and tallest skyscraper.Originally built by Gulf States Utilities as its headquarters it serves as the Texas headquarters for its successor Entergy Texas; however Entergy no longer owns the building and leases four floors only out of the 17 in the building. It is erroneously called The Entergy Building but its correct name is still Edison Plaza.
 Since 1895 Fountain Park has hosted an annual Chatauqua to promote traditional values and religious social and educational activities. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on02001-12-07-0000December 7 2001.
 The Carnegie Library in Dublin Georgia is a building from 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The funding for the original building was provided largely by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie who offered $10000 as part of his educational programme. The architectural company of Bruce Morgan and Dillon designed the building and John A.
 Wilensky's Light Lunch (casse-croûte Wilensky) better known as just Wilensky's is a lunch counter located at 34 Fairmount Avenue West in Montreal Quebec Canada. Opened in 1932 by Moe Wilensky the restaurant was immortalized in Mordecai Richler's novel The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz. Scenes in the film version of the book were shot in the restaurant.
 Sarbini Hall is a concert hall located in central Jakarta. Adjacent to a comprehensive shopping mall The Plaza Semanggi. Near to five-stars hotels apartment complexes and Jakarta's Central Business District. Some famous events that are often held in Balai Sarbini for example Indonesian Idol which had been taking from the first season until the fifth. Indosiar event often held in Balai Sarbini like Gebyar BCA and Mamamia Show Season Three.
 Howard Moffitt Moffitt architecture Moffitt cottage and Moffitt house all redirect here.The Muscatine Avenue Moffitt Cottage Historic District is a National Register of Historic Places district that includes five stone cottages in Iowa City epitomizing the eccentric vernacular architectural style of Howard Moffitt. Moffitt constructed more than 100 houses in Iowa City and Coralville Iowa and a few in Citrus City Texas.
 Vernon Center Green Historic District is a national historic district located at Vernon in Oneida County New York. The district includes three contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are the village green early 20th century gazebo Parkside United Methodist Church and parsonage and Vernon Presbyterian Church. The village green was laid out in 1798.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Founded in 1986 Le Magasin - Centre National d'Art Contemporain is housed in an industrial hall built for the 1900 Paris World's Fair by the workshops of Gustave Eiffel. Manufacturers Bouchayer and Viallet working in the area of hydroelectric equipment bought the iron structure and reassembled it in Grenoble France.Its exhibitions focus on contemporary art.
 The D.C. Eldridge House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 NITEL Tower is a skyscraper in Lagos Nigeria. The 32-story building was completed in 1979 and houses the headquarters of NITEL. The communications spire at the top of the tower serves as a lighthouse beacon for Lagos Harbor. The building is constructed of concrete. The building is the tallest in Nigeria and the entirety of West Africa.
 The Anthony Burdick House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Fors Abbey was an abbey in North Yorkshire England.
 Dansville Library is a historic library located at Dansville in Livingston County New York. It is a large two story Neoclassical style frame structure. It is dramatically enhanced by a pedimented giant portico covering its full width. The portico features four Doric columns an elaborate frieze with triglyphs and rosettes a modillion cornice and a semi-ellipical fan decoration in the cornice. The earliest section was built in 1823 as a private home for Joshua Shepard (1780–1829).
 Elmridge (also known as Elm Ridge or James Gardiner Coffin House or J.G. Coffin House or John Walker House) located at 1 Breck Drive in Leetsdale Pennsylvania was built in 1869. The architectural plans were published in Hobbs Architecture 1873. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 10 2005 and to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2007.
 The Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort and Spa formerly known as the Kaiser Hawaiian Village Hotel is a beach resort hotel in the Waikiki area of Honolulu Hawaii. Opened in 1957 it is one of the most prominent and iconic resorts in Waikiki. It is the largest hotel of the Hilton chain with 3386 rooms and with 7 towers. It is also the 17th largest hotel in the world.
 Ye Olde Trip To Jerusalem in Nottingham is one of the 20 public houses including Ye Olde Salutation Inn and The Bell Inn also in Nottingham and Ye Olde Fighting Cocks in St Albans which claim to be the oldest drinking establishment in England. Its painted sign states that it was established in 1189 AD.
 The Nortonia Boarding House at 150 Ridge St. in Reno Nevada was built in c.1900-1904. In 1906 it was purchased by Norton who changed it to a boarding house and it was also extended then. It is primarily Queen Anne in style but includes elements of Colonial Revival architecture as well. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is notable as one of the best surviving Queen Anne houses in Reno.
 Old St Leonard's Church Langho is a redundant Anglican church 1 mile (1.6 km) northwest of the village of Langho Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Tabor Reformed Church also known as Tabor United Church of Christ is a historic Reformed church located at 10th and Walnut Streets in Lebanon Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1792 and 1796 and is a 2 1/2-story limestone building measuring 42 feet by 62 feet. It has a four-story stone tower with spire slate covered gable roof and a chapel added in 1914.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The New York Times Building is a skyscraper on the west side of Midtown Manhattan that was completed in 2007. Its chief tenant is The New York Times Company publisher of The New York Times as well as the International New York Times and other newspapers.
 TaunusTurm (originally Kaiserkarree) is the project name for a complex of two buildings a 170 m (560 ft) skyscraper and a 63 m (207 ft) high-rise residential building in Frankfurt Germany. The site is located in Frankfurt's financial district the Bankenviertel at the corner of Neue Mainzer Straße and Taunustor. The site borders a park named Taunusanlage which gave the tower its name (the Taunus is a low mountain range north of Frankfurt).
 Stonehouse Farm is a historic home located at Oneonta in Otsego County New York. It was built in 1820 in the Federal style. It is a 2 1⁄2-story cross-gable stone house with 1 1⁄2-story flanking wings set back from the front elevation. It features a wooden portico supported by two clusters of three Doric order columns built about 1950.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Foster House in Hope Arkansas was built in 1912. It was designed by Charles L. Thompson in Bungalow/Craftsman style. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 West Mall (Chinese: 威城; pinyin: Wēi Chéng) is a shopping centre located in Bukit Batok Singapore.Opening in 1998 the 8 storey mall includes a total gross floor area of 283000 square feet (26300 m2) sitting on a land area of 106000 square feet (9800 m2).
 Palm Grandeur is a 5-star Resort Spa and The Grandeur Residences is a AED 1.2 billion (USD$ 327 million) development project being built on the crescent of the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai United Arab Emirates.The taj exotica resort and spa. It will be the largest spa in the middle east when completed it will endows 200 apartments and villas.
 Castle Air Museum is a military aviation museum located in Atwater California United States adjacent to the site of the former Castle Air Force Base. It is one of the largest aerospace museums displaying vintage aircraft in the western United States.
 The Lewis-Card-Perry House is a historic site at 12 Margin Street in Westerly Rhode Island.The house was built in 1929 by Norman Isham and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 The John and Flora Gilbert House is located in Oregon Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Blanchardstown Centre is a large shopping centre located in Blanchardstown Dublin Ireland. It opened in 1996 and was extended in 2004 to create extra retail space.
 Maimonides Medical Center is a non-profit non-sectarian hospital located in Borough Park in the New York City borough of Brooklyn in the U.S. state of New York. Maimonides is both a treatment facility and academic medical center with 711 beds and more than 70 primary care and sub-specialty programs. With a staff of nationally renowned physicians Maimonides Medical Center strives to conduct quality research care and education.
 Bellefonte Historic District is a national historic district located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes 296 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential area of Bellefonte. The oldest building in the district is the Col. James Dunlap House dated to 1795. Notable non-residential buildings include the St. John's Roman Catholic Church Crider Exchange (1889) Temple Court Building (1894) First National Bank Building W.F.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Spanish: Catedral de la Inmaculada Concepción) commonly referred to the as the New Cathedral of Cuenca (Spanish: Nueva Catedral de Cuenca) is the cathedral church in Cuenca Ecuador. It is situated in front of Parque Calderon.The plan of the Cathedral was drawn up by Juan Bautista Stiehle (1829-1899) — a German-born friar who arrived in Cuenca from Alsace in 1873 — on suggestions made by Bishop León Garrido.
 Christ Church Cathedral is an Anglican Gothic Revival cathedral in Montreal Quebec Canada the seat of the Anglican Diocese of Montreal. It is located at 635 Saint Catherine Street West between Union Avenue and University Street. It is situated on top of the Promenades Cathédrale underground shopping mall and south of Tour KPMG. It was classified as historical monument by the government of Quebec on May 12 1988. In 1999 it was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
 The Lewis Store also known as the Fielding Lewis Store is a historic commercial building located at Fredericksburg Virginia. It was built in 1749 and is a two-story front-gable three-bay Georgian style brick store. The second story addition was built in 1808. The building was rehabilitated between 2000 and 2006. The first story consists of a “sales room” on the front and a “counting room” on the rear.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul is in the market town of Ormskirk Lancashire England. Dating from no later than the 12th century it is one of only three churches in England to have both a western tower and a central spire and the only one to have them both at the same end of the church. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool. It is designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 Rushen Abbey was an abbey on the Isle of Man located near Ballasalla. Originally home for monks of the Savignac order it soon came under Cistercian control and remained so until its dissolution. The abbey is located two miles from Castle Rushen; the most important political entity on the island in medieval times.The abbey was founded in 1134 under King Olaf I's control. He granted the land to Savignac monks from Furness Abbey.
 Whitehern Historic House and Garden in Hamilton Ontario Canada built shortly before 1850 is a Late Classical house that is now a historic house museum. At one time Whitehern was the home of Thomas McQuesten. His historic downtown family home was willed to the City of Hamilton after the death of the last of his five unmarried siblings in 1968.
 Jedediah Strong House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built about 1795 and is a two story five bay wide dwelling with two symmetrically placed end chimneys in the Federal style. It features a small entrance portico with a hipped roof and supported by square columns. Also on the property is a contributing barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The mayoralty of Baku houses the executive authority of Azerbaijan's capital Baku being the residence of the mayor. It is a Baroque building built in the beginning of the 20th century.During Soviet era the building was named Executive Committee of Baku City Laborer Deputies Council (in 1939—1977) then Executive Committee of Baku City National Deputies Council (in 1977—1991). Since 1991 the mayoralty embodies the executive power of Baku.
 The Sarge Boyd Bandshell of Eau Claire Wisconsin United States as home to the city's oldest community musical organization has played a significant role in the cultural development of the entire Chippewa Valley. The structure was designed by city engineer Alexander Garnock for the purpose of showcasing the Eau Claire Municipal Band. Although its official name is the Donald I.
 The Katherine Emery Estate is a historic house located at 1155 Oak Grove Avenue in San Marino California. Prominent Southern California architect Myron Hunt designed the Tudor Revival house which was completed in 1928. The house's design includes multiple gable ends and dormers adorned with carved bargeboards and half-timbering. Other characteristic Tudor Revival elements include the stucco walls groups of casement windows and steep roof.
 The American Textile History Museum (ATHM) located in Lowell Massachusetts was founded as the Merrimack Valley Textile Museum (MVTM) in North Andover Massachusetts in 1960 by Caroline Stevens Rogers. ATHM tells America’s story through the art science and history of textiles.
 The Sistine Chapel (Latin: Sacellum Sixtinum; Italian: Cappella Sistina) is a large and renowned chapel of the Apostolic Palace the official residence of the Pope in the Vatican City. Originally known as the Cappella Magna the chapel takes its name from Pope Sixtus IV who restored it between 1477 and 1480. Since that time the chapel has served as a place of both religious and functionary papal activity.
 Saffold Dam at the Flores Crossing is a dam and man-made waterfall in the city of Seguin Texas. Named for William Saffold a Civil War veteran a major landowner and local merchant. The dam was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 15 1979.This dam began as a natural outcropping in the riverbed. After Henry Troell bought the mill the dam was further built up over the years. In 1895 Troell installed hydroelectric generators to power his mill and the town.
 St. Francis Medical Center is a religiously operated hospital in Milwaukee Wisconsin that is part of the Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare health system.
 The Joseph Chandler House built c. 1800 is the oldest house in Centreville New Castle County Delaware. Centreville developed along the Kennett Pike (Delaware Route 52) starting about 1811 with its houses facing toward the pike. Nevertheless the Chandler house faces south away from the pike.Dr. Joseph P. Chandler who built the house used it as a residence and an office. The house was later acquired by the Gregg Carpenter and du Pont families. William S.
 United Presbyterian Church of Canehill is a historic church on Main Street in Canehill Arkansas.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Siri Fort Auditorium is premier multi-auditorium complex of Government of India. Situated in the Siri Fort in New Delhi it is also the headquarters of the Directorate of Film Festivals (DFF) Ministry of Information and Broadcasting which also run the complex. Also close by is the Siri Fort Sports Complex. It was a combined seating capacity of 2500 spread over its four auditorium making it the largest such complex in Delhi.
 Royalton Hotel is located just east of Times Square in Manhattan at 44 West 44th StreetThe building was built in 1898 as the exclusive residential Hotel Royalton. Rossiter & Wright was the architecture firm commissioned and the contractor was E. F. Dodson & Company. Its design was unusual because it was one of the first buildings to enable street-level passage from one block to the next.
 Wilbur House is a historic home located on Main street in Fairport in Monroe County New York. It is a Second Empire–style structure built about 1873 that features a two-bay 2-story tower that projects from the northeast corner of the 1 1⁄2-story front section. The tower as well as the rest of the front section is covered by a decorative fish scale and octagonal slate mansard roof.
 The Pincus Building also known as the Zadek Building is a historic Queen Anne-style commercial building in Mobile Alabama United States. The four-story brick masonry structure was designed by Rudolph Benz and completed in 1891. It first housed the Zadek Jewelry Company. The original design included a round tower with a spire on the outside corner of the building; this was removed by the 1940s. Additionally the architectural details of the first floor exterior have been simplified.
 The Sovereign Hotel was a Portland Oregon hotel built in 1923. The nine story building was added to the United States' National Register of Historic Places on December 2 1981. Part of the building houses a portion of the Oregon Historical Society’s Oregon History Center.
 Torre Banc de Sabadell also BancSabadell is a skyscraper in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1969 has 23 floors and rises 83 meters.
 Dammasch State Hospital was a mental hospital asylum and educational center located in Wilsonville Oregon United States. It opened in 1961 and closed in 1995. After its closure the former site was embroiled in local controversy as it was a proposed location for a women's prison which angered local residents as the site is less than a mile from residential neighborhoods. The Dammasch building was demolished and the Villebois housing development occupies its former site.
 The Marquette Building also known as the Boatmen's Bank Building is a historical building in downtown St. Louis.It was completed in 1914 at Broadway and Olive Streets at 19 stories designed by the St. Louis architecture partnership of Eames and Young. A 1915 Annex also designed by Eames and Young was razed in 1998. The Marquette Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places the same year and has now been redeveloped for condos.
 The Musée Rude is an art museum dedicated to the French sculptor François Rude (1784–1855). It has the Musée de France label and has been housed since 1947 in a part of the former Église Saint-Étienne of Dijon built during the 11th century. The museum displays life-size plaster casts acquired by the Dijon municipality between 1887 and 1910 which are major works by the artist exhibited in other museums in France (including the Louvre in Paris).
 Rockbourne Roman Villa is a Roman courtyard villa excavated and put on public display in the village of Rockbourne in the English county of Hampshire England. The villa was discovered in 1942 by the ferret of a local farmer and excavated by A. T. Morley Hewitt over the next thirty years.The main structure was a large residence surrounding a courtyard including luxurious Roman mosaics and bath suites.
 The Dorrance Mansion is a historic house built in 1862-63 located at 300 Radcliffe St. Bristol Bucks County Pennsylvania on the Delaware River in the Bristol Historic District. The house represents the lavish life of Bristol's early Victorian industrialists. It is considered one of the grandest homes on Radcliffe Street and is the only example of residential Italianate architecture in Bristol. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Capital City Mall is a 608911-square-foot (56569.7 m2) regional shopping mall located approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Harrisburg in Lower Allen Township Pennsylvania. It is one of three enclosed malls in the immediate Harrisburg area and is the only enclosed mall in Harrisburg's western suburbs. Its current anchors are JC Penney Macy's and Sears.
 St Mary's Church is an Anglican church in the Goring-by-Sea area of the Borough of Worthing one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. The late Norman parish church of the ancient village of Goring retains some architectural elements from that period but Decimus Burton's comprehensive restoration of 1837 has given the church its present Gothic Revival exterior appearance.
 The First Union School is a historic Rosenwald school building for African-American children located at 1522 Old Mill Rd. in Crozier Goochland County Virginia. It was built in 1926 as a “two-teacher” school. It is a one-story frame school on a concrete foundation. It has an engaged porch and hipped roof. The listing included two contributing buildings. The school operated until December 1958.
 Meridian Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Meridian Township a suburb of Lansing Michigan United States. The mall is near Michigan State University. It opened in 1969 the same year that its main competitor Lansing Mall opened on the other end of the Lansing metropolitan area. Meridian Mall features about 125 stores plus a food court. Anchor stores include JCPenney Macy's and two Younkers stores. Meridian Mall is owned and managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 St. Helena Hospital Clearlake in Clearlake California was established in 1968 as Redbud Community Hospital and was renamed in November 2008. It was designated an Acute Care Critical Access Hospital in April 2005 and is now an integral part of a multi-facility system partnering with St. Helena Hospital to serve residents of Lake County. The hospital is part of Adventist Health. The hospital owns and operates three outpatient family health centers in Clearlake Middletown and Kelseyville.
 The Thorstein Veblen Farmstead is a National Historic Landmark near Nerstrand in rural Rice County Minnesota United States.Thorstein B. Veblen (1857-1929) economist social scientist and critic of American culture lived on this farm as a youth and returned often as an adult. The product of an austere agrarian upbringing Veblen has often been called one of America's most creative and original thinkers.
 The Charles Allen House is a historic house at 65 Elm Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is notable as an unusual and well-preserved Second Empire house and as the home of Massachusetts lawyer politician and jurist Charles Allen. Built in 1870 The three story mansard-roofed building is basically square in plan with an ell projecting from its rear and a central pavilion slightly projecting from its front facade. The pavilion rises two stories and is topped by a pedimented gable.
 Downtown Richwood Historic District is a national historic district located at Richwood Nicholas County West Virginia. The district includes 51 contributing buildings in the central business district of Richwood. They consist of mostly two and three-story masonry commercial buildings from the late 19th and early 20th century. They have storefronts on the first floor and house on the upper floors. Notable buildings include the U.S.
 The Stanley Lake House is a historic First Period house at 95 River Road in Topsfield Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house that was built in stages by Mathew Stanley between c. 1683 and 1693. His heirs sold the property in 1718 to Eleazer Lake. The property also includes a rare First Period barn.The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. In 2005 it was named a contributing property to the River Road-Cross Street Historic District.
 Henry W. Klotz Sr. (1905–1984) was the proprietor of a house and a service station on First Street Russell Arkansas that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas.Klotz worked as a mechanic for the White Way Service Station which supplied White Rose gasoline from which its name derived. When the station was demolished Klotz built Henry’s Garage beside his home.
 Sandy's Row Synagogue is a historic Grade II listed synagogue in the East End of London.
 The Rogers-Post Site located on the North Slope of the U.S. state of Alaska is the location of a plane crash that killed humorist Will Rogers and aviator Wiley Post on 15 August 1935 during an aerial tour of Alaska. It is about 13 miles (21 km) southwest of Barrow on the north side of Walakpa Bay near the mouth of the Walakpa River. The flight was described by the AP as prelude to a planned Trans-Siberian flight to Moscow.
 The Church of La Visitation-de-la-Bienheureuse-Vierge-Marie (in French: Église de la Visitation de la Bienheureuse-Vierge-Marie) is a church in the neighbourhood of Recollet Falls in Montreal. The oldest church on the island of Montreal it was built between 1749 and 1752.
 The Manning House is a historic house at 37 Porter Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built c. 1760 for Hezekiah Ballard a local farmer. Ballard sold the property to Thomas Manning a cordwainer in 1771 and it has been in the Manning family ever since. The main block of the house is a 2.5 story colonial structure with a gambrel roof which is rare in Andover for the period.
 Trinity Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery on Church Street in Abbeville South Carolina.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 Liberty Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Mullins Marion County South Carolina. It was built about 1923 and is a 1 1/2-story brick warehouse. It features stepped parapets on the façade and rear elevation and has a metal double gable roof. The warehouse is associated with the Daniel family the most prominent family associated with tobacco in Mullins.It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hooper House is a historic house at 306 Hortonville Road inSwansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 The Auberge d'Italie (Maltese: Berġa tal-Italja) was one of the eight auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Italy until the building of a new Auberge d'Italie in Valletta in 1579. It was the only Auberge in Birgu to be built outside the collachio. Inside the Auberge there was also a small naval hospital and a chapel dedicated to St Catherine.
 The Captain Reuben Merrill House is an historic house located on West Main Street in Yarmouth Maine United States. It was built in 1858 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It has three floors and 15 rooms. It was designed by Thomas J. Sparrow the first major architect originating from Portland Maine and was considered the finest home in Yarmouth.In 2011 it became the home of Maine Preservation an historic preservation organization.
 North Devon District Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in the town of Barnstaple North Devon England run by Northern Devon Healthcare NHS Trust. It occupies the site of the historic manor house of Raleigh in the former parish of Pilton seat of the locally influential Chichester family. Its building was promoted by Jeremy Thorpe when he was MP for Devon North and it opened in 1979.
 Gamsjager-Wysong Farm also known as the Old Gamsjager Place is a historic farmhouse located at St. Clara Doddridge County West Virginia. It was built in 1906 and is a two story rectangular German-style farmhouse with a two story rear wing. It has a steeply pitched roof and sits on a sandstone foundation. Also on the property is a cellar house and 19th-century German bank barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The California Building located at 1000 Cowan Dr. Idlewild Park in Reno Nevada is a historic building that was built by the state of California for the Transcontinental Highway Exposition of 1927. It hosted exhibits of California cities and counties. After the exposition it served as a meeting hall for the Darrel Dunkle Post No.l AmericanLegion until 1938 when ownership was returned to the city of Reno.
 Hill Island Farm also known as Noxontown Farm is a historic home located near Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1790 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay brick dwelling with interior brick chimneys at both gable ends. It has a gable roof with dormers. The house measures approximately 48 feet by 19 feet and has a center passage plan. It is in the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Terra Ceia Village Improvement Association Hall built in 1906 is an historic building located at 1505 Center Road in Terra Ceia Florida. Also known as the Terra Ceia Woman's Club it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16 2003 as part of the Clubhouses of Florida's Woman's Clubs Multiple Property Submission (MPS).
 Solitude is a historic home located on the campus of Virginia Polytechnic Institute at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. The earliest section was built about 1808 and expanded through the mid-19th century. It is a two-story L-shaped five bay log and frame dwelling with a hipped roof. Also on the property are the contributing stone spring house with log superstructure and log kitchen or office.
 Eastlands is Tasmania's largest shopping centre located on the eastern side of the Derwent River situated in the shopping district of Rosny Park within the greater area of Hobart Tasmania Australia.
 Allegro was a top restaurant in Prague Four Seasons hotel. It is now closed. In 2008 it became the first restaurant from the post-communist bloc to obtain the star from the prestigious Michelin Guide. In 2009 2010 and 2011 Allegro retained its star.It was the only restaurant in Prague with the accolade although in 2010 a restaurant in Hungary was awarded the star ending Allego's claim as the only restaurant from the Eastern Bloc to have the star.The head chef was Andrea Accordi.
 One Penn Plaza (1 Penn Plaza) is a skyscraper in New York City located between 33rd and 34th Street west of Seventh Avenue and adjacent to Pennsylvania Station and Madison Square Garden. It is the tallest building in the Pennsylvania Plaza complex of office buildings hotels and entertainment facilities. Official address: 250 W 34th Street New York NY 10001.
 The Château d'Assier is located in Assier in the Lot department of the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-west France. It is an example of the diffusion of Renaissance château architecture from the Loire Valley into other parts of France.
 The Grove at Shrewsbury is an upscale lifestyle center located on Route 35 in Shrewsbury New Jersey 1-mile (1.6 km) south of downtown Red Bank. The center opened in 1988 and has a gross leasable area of 150000 sq ft (14000 m2). A lifestyle center is a shopping center or mixed-used commercial development that combines the traditional retail functions of a shopping mall but with leisure amenities oriented towards upscale consumers.
 The Minne Lusa Pumping Station was located along John J. Pershing Drive in the Florence neighborhood of North Omaha Nebraska. The station which was surrounded by settling basins was the main source for pumping filtering and distributing Missouri River water throughout the City of Omaha. The station was the namesake of the Minne Lusa neighborhood located immediately to the south.
 The William H. Seward House Museum located at 33 South Street between Lincoln and William Streets in Auburn New York was the home of William H. Seward who served as a New York state senator the governor of New York a U.S. senator a presidential candidate and then Secretary of State under presidents Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. Among other notable accomplishments Seward negotiated the 1867 purchase from Russia of Alaska which became known as Seward's Folly.
 New Light Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 522 Arkansas Street in Helena Arkansas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 Tacoma School also known as Tacoma School Community Center is a historic school building located at Coeburn Wise County Virginia. It was built in 1922 and rebuilt after a fire in 1937. It is a one-story nine bay rectangular brick building with four classrooms. It has a projecting centered gable bay and a hipped roof. The school was based on plans adopted by the North Carolina state school system in 1911.
 Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Shreveport Louisiana was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Lambert House is a historic house at 204 West Jackson Street in Monticello Arkansas. The Colonial Revival house was built in 1905 to a design by noted local architect S. C. Hotchkiss. It was built for Walter Lambert who owned one of Monticello's first grocery stores. The two story wood frame house is roughly rectangular in shape with projecting gable sections and a rear ell. Its main facade is dominated by a two story portico whose second story has been enclosed as a sunroom.
 For The Langham (building) in London see Langham Hotel London The Langham is an apartment building in Manhattan New York City United States located along Central Park West. After the site was unused for more than 15 years the building was constructed between 1905 and 1907. Built at a cost of US $2 million the structure included modern amenities such as ice accessible from every apartment. The building was designed in the French Second Empire style by architects Clinton and Russell.
 Claude Moore Colonial Farm originally Turkey Run Farm is a U.S. park in Virginia recreating and reenacting life on a tenant farm circa 1771. Turkey Run is the only privately run park in the U.S. National Park Service (NPS). The Friends of Claude Moore Colonial Farm at Turkey Run Inc. a privately funded foundation pays for all activities on the farm while the land is owned by the NPS. They receive $100000 annually from the Park Service.
 The Mattoon Jewish Community Center is a Jewish congregation in Mattoon Illinois United States of America. It is notable as North America's smallest Reform synagogue with four households. The congregation's services are held at Trinity Episcopal Church in Mattoon which is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wiawaka is a holiday house for women. It has lake front property on Lake George New York. It is one of the few remaining fully operational vacation/retreat centers which arose out of the women’s rights movement in the early part of the twentieth century.
 Ponderosa Lodge at La Foret Conference and Retreat Center is a historic lodge in Black Forest Colorado. It is a National Register of Historic Places listing and is on the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.
 The Main Building of The All Saints School in Sioux Falls South Dakota is a building from 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Marshall Covered Bridge is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton & Son in 1917. The bridge is 74 feet (23 m) long 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and 14 feet (4.3 m) high.
 The Alfred Douglass House is a historic house at 157 Clyde Street in Brookline Massachusetts United States.It was built in 1910 and added to the US National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center (colloquially MD Anderson Cancer Center) is one of the original three comprehensive cancer centers in the United States established by the National Cancer Act of 1971. It is both a degree-granting academic institution and a cancer treatment and research center located at the Texas Medical Center in Houston Texas United States.
 The Ivoryton Playhouse is a small professional theater located in the village of Ivoryton in the town of Essex Connecticut USA. It produces shows year round March through December. As Comstock-Cheney Hall it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Christ Church Detroit is an Episcopal church located at 960 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is also known as Old Christ Church Detroit. It is the oldest Protestant church in Michigan still located on its original site. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Nathaniel Topliff Allen Homestead located at 35 Webster Street in the village of West Newton in Newton Massachusetts is listed in the National Register of Historic Places at 25 Webster Street. The property is now owned by Newton Cultural Alliance.
 Gåsvær Chapel (Norwegian: Gåsvær kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the Gåsvær islands. The church is part of the Herøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church was built in 1951 and it seats about 100 people. The church is rarely used anymore since no one permanently lives on the island. Currently there is one worship service held at this church each July.
 Chugureti St. Astvatsatsin Church (Armenian: Չուղուրեթի Սբ. Աստվածածին եկեղեցի; Russian: Церковь Чугурети Ст. Богородицы) is an Armenian church in Chugureti district Old Tbilisi Georgia.
 Felton Street School is a historic school at 20 Felton Street in Hudson Massachusetts.The school was built in 1882 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Halifax Historic District is a historic district in Halifax North Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It includes several buildings that are individually listed on the National Register.
 The Crane Island Historic District is a historic district of vacation properties on Crane Island in Lake Minnetonka part of the city of Minnetrista Minnesota United States. It consists of a number of private residential summer cottages and some communal amenities for middle-class Christian families.
 The Mayfair House was a historic 14 story apartment building completed in 1926 and located at 401 West Johnson Street in the East Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania on Lincoln Drive between Johnson and Cliveden Streets.
 Campbell's Bridge formerly spanned Unami Creek on Allentown Road in Milford Square Bucks County Pennsylvania. The 72-foot-long (22 m) 20-foot-wide (6.1 m) bridge was built in 1906-1907. The bridge was designed by A. Oscar Martin and built by the Dailey Construction Company.
 The Cathedral of the Risen Christ is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lincoln Nebraska United States.The cathedral parish traces its roots back to Holy Family Church a parish founded in 1926 and organized in 1932. On June 20 1963 the construction was begun on Cathedral of the Risen Christ. The new cathedral was dedicated on August 18 1965.Eucharistic adoration has continued in the cathedral parish perpetually since October 1 1959.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) a Reform synagogue located at 615 Court Street in Honesdale Pennsylvania. Founded in 1849 by German Jews its 1856 synagogue building was the smallest in the United States. The congregation was originally Orthodox but rapidly moved to Classical Reform.
 The Lenoir Dow House is a historic house at 215 Adams Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1988 during the building boom of the 1880s on Waltham's south side. Built to house workers at the Waltham Watch Company the house is a well-preserved Queen Anne Victorian with an asymmetrical facade hip roof topped by iron cresting and a porch with ornate woodwork.
 The Hoene-Werle House in the Manchester neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1887 as a double house with a courtyard in the rear and a complex molded brick and millwork cornice in the front. German immigrants Herman H. Hoene who owned a retail piano store and Fred C. Werle a druggist originally owned the house.The house was abandoned then acquired by the city in the 1970s and then bought in the 1980s and restored.
 Bayside is a plantation home built in 1850 by Francis D. Richardson on the Bayou Teche in Jeanerette Louisiana United States. Richardson a classmate and friend of Edgar Allan Poe purchased the land for a sugar plantation. It has been listed in the National Register of Historic Places since January 29 1987. Richardson attended St. Mary's College in Baltimore Maryland.
 Santi Benedetto e Scolastica is a church in Rome on the Via di Torre Argentina although its postal address is Vicolo Sinibaldi 1.
 The Église Notre Dame Saint-Vincent is a church located in Lyon on the banks of the Saône quai Saint-Vincent in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon. In 1984 it was classified as monument historique.
 The Grenada National Museum is a museum in St. George's Grenada. It is housed in a building which served as the French barracks from 1704 built on the foundations of the Fort George. It was used as a prison by the British for female inmates until 1880. It later became two different hotels under different owners and at one point was used as a warehouse by a merchant working in St. George's. The museum was established in 1976 on the theme of archaeology and history.
 The Castille Paris is a 5 star hotel in Paris France owned by the Starhotels group and marketed by Preferred Hotels and Resorts. The hotel is located in the heart of the city between Place de la Concorde and Place Vendôme adjacent to Chanel’s headquarters. The hotel has 108 rooms (of which 21 are suites) and the hotel's meeting rooms seat 70 people.
 The Jeremiah Lee Mansion (1768) is a historic house located at 170 Washington Street Marblehead Massachusetts. It is operated as a house museum by the local historical society and is open during the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.The mansion is a large wooden house in the Georgian style with imitation stone ashlar facade built in 1768 by Colonel Jeremiah Lee at that time the wealthiest merchant and ship owner in the Province of Massachusetts Bay.
 Iglesia de San Pedro (Mestas de Con) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Vessel Yard in the U.S. city of Duluth was constructed between Lake Superior and Duluth's harbor midway between Duluth and Superior Wisconsin.
 Elmwood also known as The Cliffs is a historic home located at Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1836 for New York merchant Thomas F. Youngs (1805–1883) in the Greek Revival style. The original house is a 2-story gable-roofed five-by-three-bay wood-frame house. It was expanded about 1915 during its ownership by Charles L. Tiffany II (1878–1947) nephew of Louis Comfort Tiffany (1848–1933).
 St. John Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran congregation in Pomaria South Carolina affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It traces its origins to 1754 when Reformed minister Rev. John Glasser of Thurgau moved to the area to minister to nearby German-speaking settlements.
 Stillman Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. The district includes three contributing structures; the farmhouse a mid-19th-century barn (1840) and a large garage (c. 1905). The farmhouse is a 2 1⁄2-story frame building built in 1889 in the Queen Anne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Jackson Hole American Legion Post No. 43 is a log building in Jackson Wyoming home to the local post of the American Legion. The post was built in 1928-29 and functioned as a community center. During its period of significance from 1929 to 1953 the post was instrumental in the shift of economic and political interests in Jackson Hole from a rural emphasis to urban interests.
 The Ny Carlsberg Brewhouse (Danish: Ny Carlsberg Bryghus) is a historic listed building in the Carlsberg district of Copenhagen Denmark on the border between Vesterbro and Valby.
 Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Norfolk or MCI-Norfolk is a medium security prison in Norfolk Massachusetts with an average daily population of 1500 inmates. Though it is rated medium security it also houses up to 98 maximum security inmates. Opened in the early 1930s MCI-Norfolk is the largest state prison in Massachusetts.
 St. Mary's Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel at 900 Hillsborough Street in Raleigh North Carolina on the grounds of St. Mary's School.It was built by Richard Upjohn in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 as a Historic Place in Wake County North Carolina.
 The Fangyuan Museum of Arts (Chinese: 方圓美術館; pinyin: Fāngyuán Měishùguǎn) is a museum in Jiangjun District Tainan Taiwan.
 Mahajati Sadan is an auditorium located in Chittaranjan Avenue Kolkata West Bengal India. This auditorium is regularly used for Bengali theatres. Seminars are also organized in the seminal hall of Mahajati Sadan. This auditorium was an important part of India's freedom movement. Rabindranath Tagore called this auditorium House of the Nation.
 Rock Island National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located within Rock Island Arsenal near the city of Rock Island Illinois. It encompasses 66 acres (27 ha) and as of the end of 2006 had 24525 interments. The cemetery is also nearing compliance with the National Shrine guidelines due to its use of college students during the summer to reset and realign stones. When looking from any one stone there should be seven lines visible and all should be straight.
 Public School No. 37 also known as Patrick Henry School and Primary School No. 37 is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an elaborately detailed 2 1⁄2-story Georgian Revival structure. The entrance portico has six freestanding columns rustication at the base lintels and quoins and a large slate-shingled hip roof. It was built in 1896 for $25000.Public School No. 37 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Residences Providence (formerly The Residences at the Westin) is a high-rise residential tower in downtown Providence Rhode Island designed by TRO Jung Brannen and developed by The Procaccianti Group. It is situated adjacent to the Omni Providence Hotel a 25-floor hotel with similar fenestration and styling. The Residences Providence is slightly taller than its counterpart rising an additional 52 ft (16 m). The lower floors are an extension of the hotel.
 The Andrew M. Cox Ranch Site is a historic collection of ruined buildings and structures in Austin Texas USA. The site is located on either side of Barton Creek near the intersection of Loop 360 and the Mopac Expressway. It included a small collection of wall enclosures (no habitable buildings remain onsite) and wagon tracks in the native limestone.The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Church of the Atonement is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal summer chapel in Fish Creek Wisconsin within the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. On March 7 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 La Caixa (La Caixa Headquarters) is a complex of three buildings including two skyscrapers in Barcelona Spain. Completed in 1974. La Caixa 1 has 26 floors and rises 85 meters La Caixa 2 has 14 floors and rises 48 meters. La Caixa 3 is not a tall building and is in the form of a cube. The buildings are headquarters of La Caixa bank.
 The Royal Hospital for Women (RHW) is a specialist hospital for women and babies located in the suburb of Randwick in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Cathedral of Saint Patrick is the seat of the Roman Catholic Church in Charlotte North Carolina United States of America. It is the mother church of the Diocese of Charlotte and is the seat of its prelate bishop.
 St James' Church Audlem is in the village of Audlem in south Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building The church dates from the late 13th century with additions in the 19th century. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with those of St John Doddington and St Chad Wybunbury.
 The Mausoleum of Seyid Yahya Bakuvi was built in approximately 1457-1458 in Baku. The mausoleum is located in the centre of the middle yard of the Palace of the Shirvanshahs. Among local people it is known as the mausoleum of “dervish” and was named after the philosopher and thinker Seyid Yahya Bakuvi who is buried in it.The mausoleum is not large. It has an octagonal prismatic form and is covered with a conic stone cupola. This form is odd for monuments of Baku and Absheron.
 The Lincoln Building built in 1908 was a historic school building located off U.S. 281 in Carrington North Dakota. It was designed by Fargo architects Haxby & Gillespie and was built in 1908.On April 30 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Reportedly it is scheduled to be torn down in June or July 2008. It was removed from the National Register in February 2011.
 The Newlin Mill Complex a water powered gristmill on the west branch of Chester Creek near Concordville Pennsylvania USA was built in 1704 by Nathaniel and Mary Newlin and operated commercially until 1941. During its three centuries of operation the mill has been known as the Lower Mill the Markham Mill the Seventeen-O-Four Mill and the Concord Flour Mill. In 1958 the mill property was bought by E.
 Buena Vista Farms is a historic home located near Old Fields Hardy County West Virginia USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The main house at Buena Vista Farms was built in 1836 and is a brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. Also on the property is a large Gothic Revival style frame bank barn dated to 1904. The house is one of four significant Van Meter family dwellings — the others being Traveler's Rest Fort Pleasant and the Garrett VanMeter House.
 Janja Monastery with geographical location in the area of the Old Vlah located in the village of Rutoši in the Municipality of Nova Varoš and is bordered to the villages Seništa and Radoinja. Monastery belongs to Eparchy of Mileševa and is dedicated to the Righteous parents of the Holy Mother of God Joachim and Anne.About the Church on the left bank of the river Uvac its founder and chronologically little is known.
 Hotel Royal Christiania formerly the Hotel Viking is a hotel in Oslo Norway. The hotel was financed and built by Oslo Municipality to accommodate the 1952 Winter Olympics. At the time of its formal opening on December 10 1951 it was the largest hotel in Scandinavia. The first guest was J. K. Christensen Haugesund. It was here that Arne Treholt and Gennady Titov were observed dining together on February 24 1972.
 Inlow Hall the administration building at Eastern Oregon University in La Grande Oregon United States was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Administration Building in 1980.
 The Lalitha Mahal is the second largest palace in Mysore. It is located near the Chamundi Hills east of the city of Mysore in the Indian state of Karnataka. The palace was built in 1921 at the orders of His Highness Krishnaraja Wodeyar IV the Maharaja of Mysore for the exclusive stay of the then Viceroy of India. Built on a raising ground the palace was fashioned on the lines of the St.
 Mrs. M. P. Sargent House is located at 426 Topeka Street in Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1897. The home is of Queen Anne style architecture. The house was added to the National Register of Historical Places on May 14 1986 and its number is 86001167.
 Lancaster Crematorium is a historic crematorium located at Greenwood Cemetery in Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1884 and is a one-story brick building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It measures 48 feet by 32 feet and has a moderately pitched gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Lodha Bellissimo is a tower currently topped out located in Mumbai India developed by Lodha Group of Mumbai. When completed the tower would be the second tallest residential tower in India with a height of 222 meters. Expected floor count is 53 floors. The construction is expected to be completed by late 2012.
 The Richard Briggs Farm is a historic farmhouse at 830 South Road in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The farm was built in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Place Vertu is a Canadian shopping centre in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent in Quebec. It is located on Côte-Vertu boulevard corner of Cavendish Boulevard. The mall is about 830000 square feet (77109.5 m2) and has a high-rise building.
 The Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd (erected May 15 1955) is an Evangelical Lutheran church on Cedar Street in Eau Claire Wisconsin. The church a member of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America has been in existence since 1955. The current pastor is the Rev. Gerd Bents who was hired in April 2011.
 Henry W. Grady House commonly known as the Taylor-Grady House and also known as the General R. D. B. Taylor House or the Robert Taylor-Henry W. Grady House is a Greek Revival house built in 1840s in Athens Georgia. It was purchased by the father of Henry W. Grady in 1863. Henry W. Grady was editor of the Atlanta Constitution and a major figure in the recovery of the South after the Civil War.
 The Liu Hsing-chin Comic Museum (Chinese: 劉興欽漫畫暨發明展覽館; pinyin: Liúxìngqīn Mànhuà Jì Fāmíng Zhǎnlǎnguǎn) is a museum about the comic book creator Liu Hsing-chin located in Hengshan Hsinchu County Taiwan.
 The Campbell and Kelly Building at Corona and Main Sts. in Tonopah Nevada is a historic building built in circa 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was deemed significant for its commercial architecture as a fine example of metal clad commercial construction with the original store fronts and other detailing still intact and for its association with leading citizens H. P.
 Henry M. Sage Estate also known as Fernbrook is a historic estate home located at Menands in Albany County New York. The main house was built in the 1890s and remodeled in 1920. It is an asymmetrical three story Georgian Revival style mansion sheathed in limestone. It has a hipped roof and dormers. It features a large two story pedimented portico supported by four Ionic order columns. Also on the property are a carriage barn and caretaker's cottage dated to the 1890s.
 Thomas Justis House is a historic home located near Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The original section was built between 1804 and 1816 as a stuccoed stone two-story three-bay gable-roofed building laid out on a double pile side passage plan. About 1900 a frame two-story two bay gable-roofed wing was built on the northeast endwall. With the addition the house gained the appearance of a five-bay center door dwelling.
 The Apostolic Nuncio to China is the diplomatic representative of the Apostolic Nunciature to China a diplomatic mission of the Holy See in China. The rank of a nuncio is equivalent to that of an ambassador.
 The Nankin Cafe was a downtown Minneapolis landmark for 80 years. Founded by Walter James in 1919 at 15 S. 7th Street now the site of the Dayton-Radisson parking ramp it was sold in 1949 to the Golden and Chalfen families. The restaurant moved across 7th Street to 20 S. 7th Street in 1958.
 Nimavar school (Persian: مسجد نیماور‎) is a historical school in Isfahan Iran. It's located in Nimavar Bazaar and belongs to Safavid era. This school was built in 1691 in the era of Suleiman I.
 The Numantine Museum of Soria located in Soria Spain focuses on the history of the province of Soria through art and archaeology and also depicts the history of the archaeological site of Numantia and of other archaeological sites in other provinces such as Tiermes and Uxama.
 The Masonic Temple in Lansing Michigan is a historic building constructed in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Originally a Masonic Hall it now houses the Cooley Law School.
 The Elizabeth Boit House is a historic house at 127 Chestnut Street in Wakefield Massachusetts.Elizabeth Boit co-founder of the Harvard Knitting Mills also built on the west side creating an estate compound on the summit of Cowdry's Hill that included three residences formal gardens a playhouse and greenhouse. All three residences 88 and 90 Prospect Street and 127 Chestnut Street (1910-1913) were designed in the English Cottage Style by Wakefield architect Harland Perkins.
 The Jāmeh Mosque of Ferdows (Persian: مسجد جامع تون \ فردوس‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Toon/Ferdows) is the grand congregational mosque (Jāmeh) of Ferdows South Khorasan Province Iran. The mosque is located towards the southwest of city in the center of the ancient city of Toon.
 Moffatt-Ladd House is a 1763 Georgian house in Portsmouth New Hampshire. It was a home of William Whipple a signer of the Declaration of Independence and Revolutionary War general. Located at 154 Market Street between Hanover and Deer Streets the house is open to the public. Among the contents are Whipple's sword and other personal items along with a portrait of him.
 The First Church Congregational is an historic church located at Pleasant and Stevens Streets in Methuen Massachusetts. The stone Gothic Revival structure was built in 1855 for Methuen's first congregation established in 1729. Its first meeting house was on Daddy Frye's Hill but moved to the present location in 1832. The present building features granite walls a slate roof and a tower with crenellated top and typical Gothic lancet windows.
 Hyatt Regency San Francisco is a hotel located at the foot of Market Street and The Embarcadero in the financial district of San Francisco California.
 Linwood (also known as the Gratwick Estate) is a national historic district census-designated place and farm located at York New York in Livingston County New York. The district is a 350-acre (1.4 km2) site with twelve contributing buildings nine contributing sites four contributing structures and two contributing objects.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The James Monroe is a 312ft (95m) tall skyscraper in Jersey City New Jersey. It was completed in 1989 and has 34 floors. It is the 15th tallest building in the city.
 St. John the Baptist Catholic Church Complex is a historic church at 324 S. Washington Avenue in Hubbardston Michigan.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 The E. P. Dodge Building is a historic building at 19-23 Pleasant Street in Newburyport Massachusetts. The Italianate five story brick building was built in 1873 by Elisha P. Dodge a shoemaker for use as a factory. When first built it was only four stories but when Dodge enlarged the premises in 1880 the mansard section was added on top (in addition to extending the building to the rear as far as Prince Place).
 The Cathedral of St. Mary Queen of the Holy Rosary  is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Galle. It is a landmark in the City of Galle Sri Lanka. The cathedral was built by the Society of Jesus at the end of the 19th century. The first bishop was the Belgian Jesuit Joseph Van Reeth.The Cathedral is central and important to the Catholics of South Sri Lanka in the Diocese of Galle. The church is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 The Albert Lammers House is a house in Stillwater Minnesota United States on the National Register of Historic Places. Its owner Albert Lammers was a successful businessman in Minnesota's booming timber industry in the late 19th century. He built his home in the Queen Anne style and as with other lumber barons his home was a monument to his accomplishments in business.
 The World War I Memorial is a bronze sculpture by Pietro Montana (1890–1978). It depicts a soldier standing on a granite base at the intersection of Taunton Avenue Whelden Avenue and John Street in East Providence Rhode Island. The memorial was erected in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Union Station also known as Montgomery Union Station or Montgomery Union Station and Trainshed in Montgomery Alabama was built by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad and opened in 1898. Erected of brick and limestone on a high bluff along the Alabama River the station also served passenger trains of Atlantic Coast Line Western Railway of Alabama Seaboard Air Line Central of Georgia and Gulf Mobile and Ohio Railroad.
 St Sepulchre-without-Newgate also known as the Church of the Holy Sepulchre (Holborn) is an Anglican church in the City of London. It is located on Holborn Viaduct almost opposite the Old Bailey. In medieval times it stood just outside (without) the now-demolished old city wall near the Newgate. It has been a living of St John's College Oxford since 1622.
 The Cartographic Acquisition Research Teaching and Exhibition Museum (CARTE - The French word for map) is a small privately owned cartographic museum located in Baton Rouge Louisiana and is dedicated to the preservation of original maps and atlases.
 Marielund House (Swedish: Marielund Karlskrona kommun) is an estate with a manor house located in Nättraby Karlskrona Municipality in Blekinge County Sweden. The estate dates back to the 1600s. It was purchased in 1746 by nobleman Adam Johan Raab (1703-1776) who was the Governor of Kronoberg.
 The Queensgate shopping centre in the United Kingdom is situated at Peterborough city centre in Cambridgeshire. It was opened by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands on 9 March 1982 and contains over 90 stores and parking for 2300 cars. Queensgate bus station is adjacent to the shopping centre and only a short walk from Peterborough railway station a major interchange.
 The Hill-Carrillo Adobe also known as Carrillo Adobe was built in 1825. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. and is a California Historical Landmark site (#721) as well.
 The Rogers-Downing House is a historic house at 269 Highland Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built between 1848 and 1852 as the country house for Benjamin Rogers a wealthy Boston businessman. After Rogers sold it in 1870 it went through a succession of owners before coming into the hands of John Downing who established a dairy farm and orchard on the estate. Their family retained the house until 1968. The house is an unusual example of a Gothic Revival summer house.
 Powerscourt Estate (Irish: Eastát Chúirt an Phaoraigh) located in Enniskerry County Wicklow Ireland is a large country estate which is noted for its house and landscaped gardens today occupying 19 hectares (47 acres). The house originally a 13th-century castle was extensively altered during the 18th century by German architect Richard Cassels starting in 1731 and finishing in 1741.
 The Allan Herschell 3-Abreast Carousel is a carousel built in 1916 by the Allan Herschell Company. It is located in Chase Palm Park a waterfront park in Santa Barbara California. The carousel features 35 hand-carved jumping wooden horses and two hand-carved chariots which serve as benches.
 Saint Philip Lutheran Church is an Lutheran church in Raleigh North Carolina United States of America. The current interim Senior Pastor of St. Philip Lutheran Church is Rev. Dr. Anne Marie Nuechterlein.
 Saint Sarkis Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Սարգիս Եկեղեցի Surp Sarkis Yekeghetsi) or Saint Sarkis Church is an Armenian Apostolic Church in the Nor Nork district of Yerevan Armenia. The construction of the church began in 1998 and was sponsored by Sarkis Gabrielian an Armenian benefactor from New York City.The church was built according to the design of the architect Baghdasar Arzoumanian.The painting of the Mother-of-God with the Christ child for the altar is by the painter Grigor Khanjian.
 The San Agustin de Laredo Historic District is a historical district that covers what was once the original city of Laredo Texas that was established by Don Tomás Sánchez. Today the district is located in Downtown Laredo. The San Agustin District is home to San Agustin Cathedral (which the district's named after) and to the Republic of the Rio Grande Capitol. Most of the district's streets are made from bricks.
 Sherbrook Apartments designed by Ward Wellington Ward were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Julius A. Coller House was the home of Julius A. Coller I (1859-1940) born in Shakopee Minnesota United States of German descent. He served as Scott County attorney bank president and state senator (1899-1914). He facilitated getting the Women's Reformatory located in Shakopee.
 Towanda Masonic Lodge No. 30 A.F. and A.M. is a historic building located in Towanda Kansas built in 1904. Today the building is known as the Towanda Area Historical Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was listed in 2004.Originally constructed by Towanda Lodge No. 30 (which no longer exists) the building was used as a meeting hall until 1996 when it was sold to the City of Towanda and converted into a local history museum.
 The Irving Langmuir House was the home of physicist-chemist Irving Langmuir winner of the 1932 Nobel Prize during his research career with General Electric. It was declared a National Historic Landmark (NHL) in 1976.
 Yalta Hotel Complex (Russian: Гостиничный комплекс «Ялта-Интурист») is a hotel in Yalta (Crimea Ukraine) set in Massandra park on the Black Sea coast. It is one of the major tourist centers in Ukraine.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 204 W. Main Street in Louisa Kentucky.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 St. Margaret's Episcopal Church and Cemetery is an historic Carpenter Gothic church and cemetery located at 6874 Old Church Road in Hibernia on Fleming Island near Green Cove Springs Florida in the United States. On June 4 1973 the church and its cemetery which is also known as the Hibernia Cemetery were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Oppenheim and St. Johnsville Union Society Church also known as Crum Creek Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 110 County Highway 108 in Crum Creek Fulton County New York. It was built in 1853 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular frame building three bays wide and five bays deep. It has a polychrome slate roof rests on a cut limestone foundation and is clad in brick added in 1907. It features a square open belfry with four sawn Gothic spires.
 Taiping Wesley Methodist Church is located at 31 Walker Road (Jalan Temenggong) near the Perak State Museum.
 Wright-Carry House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1880 and is a two-story three bay center hall plan frame structure with a two-story rear wing. Both sections have gable roof and the house exhibits Queen Anne style design elements. Also on the property are a contributing summer kitchen privy and barn/carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Mainland Campus is a 323-bed hospital opened in 1975 and located in the Pomona section of Galloway Township New Jersey United States. Situated on the Richard Stockton College of New Jersey campus the Mainland Campus experienced a 44% growth in admissions from 1986 to 1992. The Mainland Campus completed a $16 million modernization or renovation project in early 1992.
 The Bethaniënklooster is a former 15th-century monastery in the Wallen red-light district in Amsterdam. It is one of the few remains of the once-expansive area of monasteries that dominated the oudezijde (old side) of town in the Middle Ages.
 The Majorca Building is a neo-Romanesque eight-storey tall building in Melbourne Australia designed and constructed between 1928-30. Located at 258-260 Flinders Lane it was designed by Harry Norris one of the most prolific architects in the city during the 1920s and '30s.Norris's designs incorporated both emerging Australian and American architectural styles and the Majorca Building has been described as his best work incorporating faience.
 St. Mary's Forane Church Edoor is one of the oldest churches and a notable Marian pilgrim centre in North Malabar of Kerala. It is near Iritty the eastern town of Kannur district. This church is the first church in the name of St. Mary under the archdiocese of Thalassery. It is also the largest parish in the archdiocese. It is situated about 6.5 kilometres from the town of Iritty which is also known as 'The Coorg valley in the God's own country'.
 Château de Francs is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 St. Catharine also known as Dr. Samuel A. Mudd House is a historic house near Waldorf Maryland. It is a two-part frame farmhouse with a two-story three-bay side-passage main house with a smaller two-story two-bay wing. It features a one-story hip-roofed porch across the facade added in 1928. It was at this house where Dr. Samuel A. Mudd treated the injured John Wilkes Booth. St. Catharine has been in the Mudd family since the 1690s. It is operated as a historic house museum.St.
 The Masonic Lodge Building is a historic building located in Ashland Oregon. Constructed in 1909 as a meeting hall for a local Masonic lodge it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. The lodge no longer meets in the building.
 The Mary E. Switzer Memorial Building is a federally owned office building located at 330 C Street SW in Washington D.C. in the United States. The Egyptian Revival structure was originally named the Railroad Retirement Board Building. It was designed by Charles Klauder and Louis A. Simon and completed on September 15 1940. Although intended for the Railroad Retirement Board its first occupant was to the United States Department of War. By Act of Congress it was renamed the Mary E.
 The J.H.C. Petersen's Sons Wholesale Building was an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was built in 1910 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building was a part of the J.H.C. Petersen's Sons' Store. It stood next to the Schick's Express and Transfer Co. building. Both the Petersen’s Wholesale building and the Schick’s building were torn down to make way for a parking structure and the Davenport Skybridge.
 The Spacecraft Magnetic Test Facility at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt Maryland was built in 1966 to allow the evaluation of magnetic movement in spacecraft. The building is constructed on non-magnetic materials and contains a magnetic coil system that allows the cancellation of the Earth's magnetic field.
 The Gen. James Bintliff House is located in Monroe Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 SM City Olongapo (formerly Olongapo City Mall) is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines. The mall is located right next the Subic Freeport Zone Olongapo City Zambales. It is the first SM Supermall in the Zambales and the first SM Supermall to open in 2012. The mall opened its doors to the public on February 10 2012.
 Kherson TV Tower (Ukrainian: Херсонська телевежа Kherson TV Tower) is a 200 m (656 ft) tall space framed Ukrainian truss communications tower that is made of steel. The building is uniquely built having been built by using the cross bracing system. The tower is a truss TV tower specifically a Vierendeel truss tower wherein a structure's members are not triangulated but form rectangular openings instead (see Vierendeel Truss).
 Walden Galleria is an enclosed shopping mall located in the town of Cheektowaga New York. Walden Galleria comprises more than 1600000 square feet (150000 m2) of retail space with 250 stores on two levels including a food court and a movie theater.
 County Farm Bridge is a historic bridge in Wilton New Hampshire.The bridge was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Mellor Hall is a country hall in Mellor Stockport Greater Manchester England. It is located 0.4 miles (0.64 km) north of The Devonshire Arms in the western part of Mellor off Longhurst Lane.The completion date of the present hall is uncertain but it is thought to be 1688. The hall and the adjoining farmhouse dated to 1691 and originally a smithy has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Henry T. Botsford House is a historic home located at Greenville in Greene County New York. It was built in 1891 and is a three story ireegularly massed Queen Anne style frame structure on a brick faced stone foundation. It features an engaged square corner tower. Also on the property is a carriage house built in 1894.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 King's College London Chapel is a Grade I listed 19th century chapel located in the Strand Campus of King's College London London England. Originally designed by Sir Robert Smirke in 1831 the Renaissance Revival chapel seen today was designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott in 1864 at a cost of just over £7000.
 The U.S. Customshouse is a historic custom house at 24 Weybosset Street in Providence Rhode Island at the northeast corner at Weybosset and Custom House streets. The customhouse was built between 1855 and 1857 by Ammi B. Young and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Roosevelt Lodge Historic District comprises the area around the Roosevelt Lodge in the northern part of Yellowstone National Park near Tower Junction. The district includes 143 buildings ranging in size from cabins to the Lodge built beginning in 1919. The Lodge was first conceived as a field laboratory for students and educators conducting research in the park. It later became a camp for tourists specifically designed to accommodate automobile-borne tourists.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Baltimore Maryland United States is a historic building that was the meeting place of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows fraternal organization and is now an apartment building. It was built about 1883 and is a five bay structure featuring a central arched entrance with brownstone Romanesque columns and architraves.
 Westdale Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Cedar Rapids Iowa. The two-level mall on the southwest side of Cedar Rapids is one of the city's two enclosed malls along with Lindale Mall on the city's northeast side. In recent years Westdale has taken on some characteristics of a dead mall as two of its four anchor stores and an estimated 70 percent of inline stores have been vacated as of January 2013. At the beginning of 2013 local investor group A.
 La Palmera is an indoor and open-air shopping mall located along the shopping corridor of South Padre Island Drive at Staples St. in Corpus Christi Texas United States. It has over 100 mainline stores and 3 anchor stores Dillard's JCPenney Macy's (previously Foley's).
 Mogadishu Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Mogadishu Somalia. When still operational it served as the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio. In 2013 the Diocese announced plans to refurbish the building.
 Nador transmitter is the main transmission facility for longwave and shortwave of Medi 1 Radio a privately owned broadcasting company of Morocco. It is situated approximately 18 kilometres south of the city of Nador and a few kilometres south of Selouane at 35°2'29N and 2°55'7W.The longwave transmitter of Nador transmitter which works on 171 kHz. has a transmission power of 2000 kilowatts.
 Roslyn House is a historic hotel located at Roslyn Heights in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a two story Italianate style building. It is a rectangular five bay wide frame building clad in clapboards and set on a brick foundation. It has a hipped roof. It features a second story porch along the front and south facades supported by Doric order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Delafield Fish Hatchery is located in Delafield Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The British Empire and Commonwealth Museum (grid reference ST597725) was a museum in Bristol United Kingdom exploring the history of the British Empire and the effect of British colonial rule on the rest of the world.
 The Viad Tower is a highrise in Midtown Phoenix Arizona also known as the Viad Corporate Center and formerly the Dial Tower. The tower was constructed in 1991 for the Dial Corporation which is why the building resembles a bar of Dial soap. It rises 374 feet (114 meters) topping out at 24 floors. It was designed in the modern style by HKS Inc.
 The New Bedford Museum of Glass located in New Bedford Massachusetts is home to a wide collection of glass ranging from ancient Mediterranean unguent bottles to designs by contemporary artists such as Dale Chihuly. It was first established in 1993 as the Glass Art Center at the former Bradford College in Haverhill Massachusetts. After the college closed the Museum relocated to New Bedford in part due to the city's rich heritage of glassmaking.
 The Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Depot in Marseilles Illinois is a historic train station built in 1917. It was in operation as a rail depot until 1974. The depot was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Baia de Aramă monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Baia de Aramă) is a monastery in Baia de Aramă Romania located in the north-west area of Oltenia in the Mehedinți Plateau sheltered by a small depression surrounded by the Dochiciu Dealu-Mare and Cornet hills it communicates through national roads with Târgu Jiu Motru Strehaia and Turnu Severin but also with the Băile Herculane and Bala resorts.The monastery has begun its activity already in the year 1703 and the church wall painting features fresco decorations entirely conserved in their original form. 
 San Francesco del Prato was Gothic church in central Parma. Once owned by the Franciscans their adjacent school once housed the theologian Bartolomeo Mastri da Meldola. The first church on the site was built in the 13th century. The apse has an aged fresco depicting Christ Pantocrator attributed to Bernardino Grossi and Jacopo Loschi. The 'Oratorio della Concezione (Oratory of the Concession) was designed by Bernardino Zaccagni and Giovanni Francesco Ferrari d'Agrate in the 16th century.
 The Archaeological Museum of Samothrace is located in Samothrace of the Evros regional unit in Greece.
 Fakhro Tower is a commercial office complex in Manama Kingdom of Bahrain located across the street from the Bahrain City Centre mall. The building is constructed on 30 floors consisting of a double-height lobby with showroom space 5 floors of podium parking and 24 floors of office space. The tower was designed by The Modern Architect and constructed by Kooheji Contractors.
 St Bartholomew's Church Edgbaston also known as Edgbaston Old Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Edgbaston Birmingham.
 Barton Lodge also known as Malvern Hall and French House is a historic home located near Hot Springs Bath County Virginia. It was built in 1898-1900 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay double pile Classical Revival style frame dwelling. It features a hipped roof with two hipped-roofed dormers on the north and south elevations and a templefront featuring a pedimented portico supported by Corinthian order columns. It has a one-story flat-roofed four-bay west wing.
 Oil City Downtown Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Oil City Venango County Pennsylvania. The district includes 51 contributing buildings and 2 contributing structures in the central business district of Oil City. It primarily includes commercial buildings in a variety of popular architectural styles including Romanesque Revival Colonial Revival and Italianate.
 The Sulafa Tower is a 75-story skyscraper in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 285 m (935 ft). Construction of the Sulafa Tower which Turkish conglomerate TAV has undertaken was completed in 2010. It contains a gym swimming pool play area for kids and parking spaces for all residents.
 Hopelands (part of Rocky Hill School) is an historic site on Wampanoag Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The site was built in 1686 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Centro Médico Excel or Excel Medical Center is a skyscraper in Tijuana Mexico. One of the most prominent buildings in the city it is the 3rd tallest building in Tijuana.It is located within the central business district of Tijuana the Zona Rio.
 The Taylor County Courthouse in Bedford Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Mercer Union Meetinghouse is a historic church on Main Street 1/10 miles west of the junction with ME 2 in Mercer Maine.It was built in 1829 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Walmer Crescent situated in Cessnock Glasgow Scotland consists of a curved row of spacious tenement flats and houses designed by the architect Alexander Thomson and built between 1857 and 1862. The dwellings were originally occupied by rich merchants and businessmen. There is now a row of single storey shops where the front gardens used to be. The houses of the crescent are protected as a category A listed building.
 Huntingdon Priory was an Augustinian Priory in Cambridgeshire England. Founded before A.D. 973 in or near the parochial church of St Mary's Church it was moved by Eustace de Lovetot away from Huntingdon either in the time of Henry II where it continued till its dissolution in 1538.
 The Miami and Erie Canal Deep Cut is a preserved 6600 feet (2000 m) long segment of the Miami and Erie Canal United States. In order to avoid using locks to go over a ridge the canal was dug deeply into the ridge far more than the 5-foot (1.5 m) depth of the canal itself. Workers dug the canal bed up to 52 feet (16 m) into the blue clay ridge that separated the St. Marys and Auglaize River watersheds.
 The Château de Saint-Laurent-les-Tours is a ruined castle in the commune of Saint-Laurent-les-Tours in the Lot département of France.The castle ruins consist of parts of the enceinte and two square towers one dating from the 13th century and the other from the 15th. The corps de logis rebuilt in the 19th century in a neo-medieval style was acquired by the painter and tapestry maker Jean Lurçat who set up his workshop there decorating the walls ceilings doors and windows.
 Phelps Dodge General Office Building is a National Historic Landmark in Bisbee Arizona. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1983.The building was the headquarters of the Phelps Dodge mining company from 1896 to 1961. It is located at Copper Queen Plaza on Main Street at Brewery Gulch. The building now houses the Bisbee Mining & Historical Museum.
 The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg (Museum of Fine Arts of Strasbourg) is the old masters paintings collection of the city of Strasbourg located in the Alsace region of France. The museum is housed in the first and second floors of the baroque Palais Rohan since 1898. The museum displays works by non-Upper Rhenish artists from between the 14th century and 1871 and by Upper Rhenish artist from between 1681 and 1871.
 The Crafts Street City Stable is an historic redbrick public works building located at 90 Crafts Street near Ashmont Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. Designed for $375 by Boston-based architect and Newton resident William F. Goodwin in the Colonial Revival style of architecture it was built in 1895 for the city of Newton at a cost of $25000 to serve as additional stable for its then Highway Department.
 Gass House also known as Gass Family Home Farm House at Franklin Farms and Union Plantation is a historic home located at Guilford Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1760 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay fieldstone dwelling. It has a two-story two bay by two bay limestone extension on the north side. It is an example of Scotch-Irish farmhouse architecture.
 The John Arnold House is an historic house on 99 Providence Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island. The house was built in 1712 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 24 1982.
 Bonlez Castle is a castle in Bonlez in the municipality of Chaumont-Gistoux Walloon Brabant Belgium.
 Acqui Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Acqui Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Acqui Terme in the province of Alessandria and the region of Piedmont Italy. Dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary It is the seat of the Bishop of Acqui.
 Henning Church (Norwegian: Henning kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vekre. The church is part of the Henning parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was constructed in 1872 and designed by Rasmus M. Overrein. It was built on a site that has been the location of several churches since (at least) the 1200s.
 The Belle Ainsworth Jenkins Estate (Jenkins Estate) located near Beaverton Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built starting in 1912 the main house on the property was intended as a summer home. The entire 68-acre (28 ha) estate is owned by the Tualatin Hills Park & Recreation District (THPRD). The estate has eight buildings including the main home and a farmhouse built in 1880.
 The William A. Haseltine House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was designed by architect Jamieson Parker.
 The National Synagogue or Ohev Sholom Talmud Torah (Hebrew for Lovers of Peace and Study of Torah); OSTT is the oldest Orthodox synagogue in Washington D.C.The synagogue is located in the neighborhood of Shepherd Park. It was formed from the merger of two earlier synagogues Ohev Sholom and Talmud Torah.
 Berum Castle is located in the Berum district the East Frisian town of Hage. It is one of the most important sites in East Frisian history.
 Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine (Persian: آرامگاه بی‌بی‌شهربانو‎) is a shrine located near Shahr-e Ray a southern suburb of Tehran Iran.The shrine is located outside the present town on the slope of a small mountain range extending eastwards known by the name of Mount Tabarak or Kuh-e Ray or also Kuh-e Bibi Sharbanu. The oldest parts of the shrine date from the 15th century shortly before the Safavid period.
 Brooklyn Tobacco Factory also known as the Hightower & Barksdale Tobacco Factory is a historic tobacco factory located at Brooklyn Halifax County Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story brick building with a gable roof. It features brick chimney flues projecting above the metal sheathed roof. Also on the property are two contributing pack houses (c. 1880) and the ruins of a log house (c. 1855).
 Khtzkonk Monastery was a monastic ensemble of five Armenian churches built between the 7th and 13th centuries in what was then the Armenian Bagratid kingdom of Ani. It is now near the town of Digor the administrative capital of the Digor district of the Kars Province in Turkey about 19 kilometres west of the border with Armenia.
 The Provine Service Station (later the Hamons Court Hamons' Service Station or simply Lucille's Place) is a historic filling station on U.S. Route 66 in Oklahoma. Located a half-mile south of Hydro Oklahoma and operated by Lucille Hamons from 1941 until her death on August 18 2000 the site was added to the US National Register of Historic Places in 1997.Lucille Hamons' generous assistance to motorists on U.S.
 Sweet Hollow Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian church parsonage at 152 Old Country Road in Melville Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1830 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay gable-roofed residence. The church is no longer extant.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Erie Canal Lock 52 Complex is a national historic district located at Port Byron and Mentz in Cayuga County New York. The district includes two contributing buildings (the Erie House and the blacksmith shop / mule barn); three contributing engineering structures (Erie Canal Lock 52 culvert and canal prism of the enlarged Erie Canal); and archaeological sites associated with the canal operations. Lock 52 was constructed 1849-1853 as part of the Enlarged Erie Canal program.
 Claude Vautrin House is a historic home and farm complex located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. The limestone farmhouse is a two story structure with a square main block with a hipped roof and a one story wooden rear wing with a gable roof built in 1855 in the Italianate style. Also on the property are six contributing 19th century outbuildings: a barn with a silo four sheds and a smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church on U.S. 31 in Spring Hill Tennessee.The Carpenter Gothic church building was constructed in in 1876–7 and dedicated in 1878 by Charles T. Quintard Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee. Nashville architect P. J. Williamson designed the building which was completed at a cost of $1800. The building interior contains a small narthex a nave that seats about 100 people a chancel and altar and a small sacristy.
 The DeSoto County Courthouse is an historic redbrick courthouse building located at 115 East Oak Street in Arcadia Florida. Designed by architects Bonfoey and Elliot of Tampa in the Classical Revival style it was built in 1912-1913 by the Read-Parker Construction Company to serve as DeSoto County's third courthouse and the second one built in Arcadia.
 Z. D. Ramsdell House also known as The Ramsdell House is a historic home located at Ceredo Wayne County West Virginia atop a mound claimed to be an Indian burial mound. It was built in 1857-1858 and is a two story red brick and frame dwelling measuring 30 feet wide and 48 feet deep. It sits on a stone foundation and is in the Greek Revival-style with a gable roof. Zopher D. Ramsdell came to Ceredo at the invitation of the town's founder and fellow abolitionist Eli Thayer.
 The Phillip Orth Boathouse is located in Minocqua Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Lånke Church (Norwegian: Lånke kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Lånke just east of Hell. The church is part of the Lånke parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was built in 1901 to seat about 200 people.
 The Schoolhouse at Truxton Canyon Training School which has also been known as the Truxton Canyon Indian School and as the Valentine Indian School is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1903. It was built using Colonial Revival architecture as a work of the Office of Indian Affairs and was expanded compatibly with the Colonial Revival style in 1929.
 Carra Castle or Castle Carra (Irish: Caislen Carragh) is a ruined castle just north of Cushendun County Antrim Northern Ireland. It dates to around the early 14th century. The castle lies in a field near the coast and the harbour of Cushendun known as Murloch Bay. The site had once been used during medieval times as a children's cemetery.
 Plympton Priory was a priory in Devon England. Its history is recorded in the Annales Plymptonienses.
 The Sarah Whitman Hooker House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1720 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1979.
 The E. H. Harrison House in Keokuk Iowa United States was built in 1857. The combination Federal and Second Empire style house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is believed that this is the first house in Iowa to have a Mansard roof. Its interior staircase is said to be one of seven in existence in the United States. The house was built by Enos H. Harrison who was a successful business man originally from Elizabeth New Jersey.
 Western Hills Mall is a shopping mall in metro Birmingham Alabama.The mall opened in 1969 as the second in Birmingham under the development of Aronov Realty. Loveman's of Alabama which became Pizitz in 1980 was one of its original anchor stores. Pizitz later became McRae's then Parisian. J.C. Penney was the other major store with Yeilding's and F.W. Woolworth Company as the other major tenants.
 Kilby Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia Canada. Kilby Park is located in Harrison Mills on the Harrison River overlooking Harrison Bay in the Upper Fraser Valley of southwestern British Columbia. It comprises 3 hectares with 22 camp sites and a boat launch. The park offers a sandy summer beach and fall/winter viewing of bald eagles and migrating trumpeter swans from Alaska.
 The National Museum of Anthropology (Spanish: Museo Nacional de Antropología) is a national museum of Spain located in Madrid near the Parque del Buen Retiro and opposite Atocha railway and metro station. It is considered the oldest anthropology museum in Spain formally inaugurated on April 29 1875 during the reign of Alfonso XII.
 Edgewood also known as the Charles Sharpless House is a historic home located in Birmingham Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1846 and is a 2 1/2-story serpentine structure in the Victorian Gothic style. After 1873 it was remodeled and a four-story tower added.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Maastoren is a 44-storey 165 m (541 ft) office skyscraper complex in Rotterdam Netherlands. The building was designed by Dam & Partners in cooperation with Odile Decq Benoit Cornette and it is the tallest in the Netherlands. The building is mainly used as office space. The tower's parking garage comprises 10 stories above ground and 2 stories below with 634 spaces. Deloitte AKD Prinsen van Wijmen RSA Mabanaft and Q-Park rent space in the building.
 Bailey Hall is the largest auditorium at Cornell University seating 1324 people. It is named for Liberty Hyde Bailey first dean of what is now Cornell's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences; it was originally built by New York State for the use of agriculture students but also filled a need for a large auditorium for the whole university.The building was constructed in 1912 according to the Greek Revival architecture design of Buffalo architect Edward Green an 1878 Cornell graduate.
 The Ledbetter House was completed in 1948 in Norman Oklahoma United States. It was designed by architect Bruce Goff. The distinguishing features of the house are its suspended carport and patio roofs. The Ledbetter House is owned by the University of Oklahoma and is now a private residence. In 2001 it was one of several Goff-designed buildings recognized by placement on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Istanbul 4th Vakıf Han is a historical large office building located at Eminönü quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey and owned by the Foundations Administration (Turkish: Vakıflar Genel Müdürlüğü). Currently it is used as a five star hotel of World Park Hotel chain named Legacy Ottoman.
 The Owen-Cox House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The property is also known as Maplelawn.It was built or has other significance in 1891 and 1899. It includes Classical Revival and Italianate architecture.
 The Hutmacher Farm near Manning North Dakota is a farm that was developed in 1911. The architecture of the farm is an example of the architecture of ethnic Germans from Ukraine and Russia. The farm was owned by the Hutmacher family an immigrant family from South Russia.Also known as Frank Hutmacher Farm and as Valentine Hutmacher Farm it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Golden Mile Complex (Chinese: 黄金坊; pinyin: Huángjīn fāng) is a high-rise commercial and residential building on Beach Road in Kallang Singapore. The building was formerly known as Woh Hup Complex. The complex has 411 shops and 500 parking places.
 Health Sciences North (HSN) is a hospital located on 41 Ramsey Lake Road in the city of Sudbury Ontario Canada. It is the only trauma centre in Northern Ontario (else require transfer to trauma centres Southern or Eastern Ontario) and Manitoba (no trauma centre in that province).The HSN formerly the Sudbury Regional Hospital (SRH) was established in the 1990s as part of provincial health care restructuring program by the Mike Harris government.
 The F. Lincoln Pierce Houses are a pair of historic houses at 231 and 237 Mill Street in Newton Massachusetts. Both houses were built in 1914 to designs by the Boston firm of Derby & Robinson. The house at 237 Mill Street is a well-executed example of neo-Federalist design while the smaller house at 231 Mill Street is a more modest Georgian Revival cottage. Both houses were built for Boston lawyer F.
 The Western Pennsylvania Hospital (commonly known as West Penn Hospital) located at 4800 Friendship Avenue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a flagship 500-bed hospital of the West Penn Allegheny Health System and serves as a Clinical Campus of Temple University School of Medicine offering a full range of medical education opportunities including a large number of residency and fellowship programs.
 Lodi Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Lodi in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1880 and it consists of a main block with four steeply pitched gables a corner bell tower and a large single story rear wing. It is built of brick with a coursed stone foundation and water table. It was designed by noted church architect Warren H. Hayes (1847–1899).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Church of St James is a Roman Catholic church building in Victoria Gozo Malta situated in Independence Square the centre of the town.
 Abney Park Chapel is a Grade II Listed chapel designed by William Hosking and built by John Jay that is situated in Europe's first wholly nondenominational cemetery Abney Park Cemetery London. Opened in May 1840 it was the first nondenominational cemetery chapel in Europe (and probably the world - since the chapel at Mount Auburn was a later addition).
 Berg Castle (Luxembourgish: Schlass Bierg French: Château de Berg German: Schloss Berg) also called Colmar-Berg is the principal residence of the Grand Duke of Luxembourg. It is situated in the town of Colmar-Berg in central Luxembourg near the confluence of the Alzette and the Attert two of Luxembourg's most important rivers.
 Iowa County Courthouse in Dodgeville Wisconsin was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The JW Marriott Hotel Tripoli is a five star hotel in Tripoli's Central Business District. The hotel opened on February 15 2011 days before the Libyan civil war began. It closed just two weeks later and the hotel's few guests and 185 staff were evacuated by Marriott on a chartered plane to Amman.
 Legion State Park also known as Legion State Park Historic District is located in the red hill country of Louisville Mississippi and area originally inhabited by the Choctaw Indian Nation. It is one of the original Mississippi state parks developed by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s and includes the Legion Lodge a hand-hewn log structure that has remained unaltered since its construction. Activities at the park include fishing boating swimming hiking and camping.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Pro-Cathedral is an Episcopal church located in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania United States. It is the pro-cathedral in the Diocese of Bethlehem. The Cathedral Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem Pennsylvania serves as the primary cathedral of the diocese.
 Nottingham Council House is the city hall of Nottingham England. The iconic 200 feet (61 m) high dome that rises above the city is the centrepiece of the skyline and presides over the Old Market Square.The Council House was designed by Thomas Cecil Howitt and built between 1927 and 1929 in the Neo-Baroque style characterised by the huge pillars that circle the building along with the carvings on the facade.
 Carthage Jail located in Carthage Illinois was the location of the death of Joseph Smith the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement and his brother Hyrum by a mob of approximately 150 men. Fellow Latter Day Saints John Taylor and Willard Richards were also members of the incarcerated party but were not killed. The group had reported to Carthage the county seat to face charges brought against Joseph.
 The Prairie Elevator Museum is a former Alberta Wheat Pool grain elevator that has been restored and converted into a community gift shop and tea house. The elevator stands within the Hamlet of Acadia Valley Alberta next to the defunct Canadian National Railway track bed. The last of three the former Alberta Wheat Pool was saved from demolition when local residents in and around the community of Acadia Valley rallied together to save the last elevator.
 The Capt. William Hallett House is a historic house at 570 Main Street in the Hyannis village of Barnstable Massachusetts USA. This 1-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1800 and exhibits a distinctive combination of Federal and Queen Anne styling. While its basic form is that of a Federal-style Cape it was altered in the late 19th century adding a shed-roof dormer with an eyebrow section a porch with turned posts and a projecting window bay.
 Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) is a leading health sciences institute in Islamabad. It was established in 1985. Apart from general health facilitation the institute also imparts medical training to nurses and doctors.
 HM Prison Lindholme is a Category C/D men's prison located near Hatfield Woodhouse in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster South Yorkshire England. Lindholme is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated in close proximity to Hatfield and Moorland prisons.
 The Greek-Catholic Church in Șumal is a monastery in Şumal Romania built in 1891.
 Osmania General Hospital is one of the oldest hospitals in India located at Afzal Gunj Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh. It is run by the Government of Andhra Pradesh and is one of the biggest in the state.
 The Oregon Iron Company was an iron smelting company located in what is now Lake Oswego Oregon. The company was established in 1865 and in 1867 became the first company west of the Rocky Mountains in the United States to smelt iron. The company failed after a few years but was reorganized as the Oswego Iron Company in 1878 and again as the Oregon Iron and Steel Company in 1883.
 Dr. Flavius Brown House is a historic home located at Summersville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1925 and is a two-story Classical Revival style frame dwelling with a hipped roof. It features a two-story gabled portico with slender two-story Doric order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Warwick Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Warwick Rhode Island on the north side of Interstate 295 near the junction with Interstate 95. Composed of more than 1000000 square feet (100000 m2) of retail space it features more than 80 stores and a food court. The mall opened for business in 1970 with Boston-based Filene's and Jordan Marsh alongside Providence-based Peerless and The Outlet and national chain Woolworth as initial anchors J. C.
 The Church of St. Panteleimon in Gorno Nerezi Republic of Macedonia is a small 12th-century Byzantine church located in a monastery complex. The church and monastery are dedicated to St. Panteleimon the patron saint of physicians.The church was constructed in 1164 as a foundation of Alexius Angelus Comnenus a son of Constantine Angelos and Theodora Komnene a daughter of Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos.The church has a domed cruciform core three apses and a rectangular narthex.
 St Catherine's Church Over Alderley also known as St Catherine's Church Birtles stands in an isolated position in Birtles Lane near to Birtles Hall in the civil parish of Over Alderley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was originally a private chapel for the Hibbert family and is now a parish church. It is unusual in that its tower is octagonal. It contains furnishings and stained glass from Germany and the Netherlands.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church is a historic Catholic church building in an eastern neighborhood of Dayton Ohio United States. Constructed at the beginning of the twentieth century it remains home to an active parish. Its grand architecture has made it an aviator's landmark and it has been named a historic site by the federal government.
 St. Helen's Church St. Helens is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Helens on the Isle of Wight.
 Marmaduke Forster House also known as the Forster-Hobby-Washburn House is a historic home located at Pleasantville Westchester County New York. The original section of the house was built about 1785 by Marmaduke Forster a colonial carpenter from New York City as a 1 1/2-story timber frame dwelling. It was remodeled and enlarged in the 19th century first about 1840 in the Gothic Revival style and again in 1895 by architect George P. Washburn.
 The Lyceum is a historic structure in Alexandria Virginia. It was built in 1839 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May 27 1969. It was built primarily as a lecture hall and served as a hospital during the American Civil War; post-war it became a house and later served as an office building. Today it is the official city history museum of Alexandria.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Oxford (FCI Oxford) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Wisconsin. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses minimum-security male offenders.FCI Oxford is located in Adams County in central Wisconsin 60 miles north of Madison the state capital.
 The Florida Brewing Company building is a historic brewery building that once housed Ybor City Brewing Company which became Florida Brewing Company. It has been restored and converted into a law office. It is the tallest building in Tampa's Ybor City Historic District.
 The Dr. Thomas Simpson House is a historic house at 114 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The core of the 2.5 story timber frame house was built by Dr. Thomas Simpson sometime before 1750 and has been added onto several times. It was restyled in the Federal period notably adding door surrounds with pilasters and entablature.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The repair shop was established by the city of Minneapolis to reorganize and consolidate the services of the fire department.
 The Leipsic Village Hall was a historic village and township hall in the village of Leipsic in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in 1904 the village hall was a large three-story brick building with a corner tower. For a community as small as Leipsic (population 2236 at the 2000 census) it was a very elaborate building: the tower was crowned with battlements and corbelling was used to support a significant portion of the roofline.
 The Alexander Chapoton House is a Queen Anne style row house located at 511 Beaubien Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980.
 Park Street Firehouse is a historic firestation at 47 Park Street in Adams Massachusetts. It was built in about 1890 during the boom of Adams' industrial facilities to house an engine company of the Adams Fire Department on the ground floor and apartments above. The building now houses the headquarters of an ambulance company. The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. John's Episcopal Church Lafayette Square is a historic Episcopal church located at 16th and H Streets NW in Washington D.C. It is near Lafayette Square and the White House.
 The Oquirrh School at 350 South 400 East in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1894. It was designed by architect Richard K.A. Kletting in Romanesque and/or Renaissance style. It has also been known as Oquirrh Place.It is the only one out of 10 schools designed by Kletting in Salt Lake City that survives. It was a school into the 1960s and since has been adaptively reused.
 The Cathedral Church of SS. Peter and Paul is the Roman Catholic cathedral in the English city of Bristol. Located in the Clifton area of the city it is the seat of the Diocese of Clifton and is known as Clifton Cathedral. It has been a Grade II* Listed Building since the year 2000.
 St Catharine's Church Scholes is located in Lorne Street Scholes Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of Christ Church Ince-in-Makerfield. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Clerc-Carson House is a historic home located at Ripley Jackson County West Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story two-story asymmetrical brick dwelling with a T-shaped plan in the Italianate style. It features a low hipped roof with wide eaves eaves brackets and cornice dentils and the original shutters in working order. The house has been destroyed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Allure Las Vegas is a twin tower residential complex in Las Vegas Nevada. The proposal includes the current 41-story 466 ft (142 m) Allure Las Vegas - Tower I and the proposed Allure Las Vegas - Tower II with plans calling for 794 ft (242 m) with 72 floors. Tower I was built between 2005 and 2007 and was designed by EDI Architecture the construction was managed by Bovis Lend Lease. It is the 18th tallest in Las Vegas.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 212 E. North Street in Marshall Missouri.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 The Guam Institute located off in Guam Highway 1 in Hagåtña (Agana) Guam was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1977; the listing included one contributing building. It was built in 1911. It has also been known as the Jose P. Lujan House.The house is significant as one of few houses in Agana surviving from before World War II.
 Cortewalle Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Cortewalle) is a moated castle in Beveren in East Flanders Belgium.The castle dates back to the 15th century and is one of the oldest in the Waasland. It is built of white sandstone in Flemish Renaissance style.
 The Headlands Center for the Arts hosts an internationally recognized artist-in-residence program interdisciplinary public programs and subsidized studio rentals for San Francisco Bay Area artists of all disciplines. It is situated in a campus of artist-renovated military buildings in the Marin Headlands in Marin County California.
 Avondale Mall originally known as Columbia Mall opened in 1964 as an enclosed mall in the state of Georgia United States. The mall's original name came from its location at the intersection of Columbia & Memorial Drives near Avondale Estates. It was demolished in 2007.
 The Tim Thering Octagon Barn built in 1893 is an historic octagonal barn located north of Plain Wisconsin. It is in excellent shape and is listed in Dale Travis Wisconsin Round Barns List.
 The Jackson County Courthouse (also known as the Truman Courthouse) in Independence Missouri is located on Independence Square at Main & Maple Street in Independence. In 1922 Harry S. Truman won election as county judge for eastern Jackson County as a candidate of the Tom Pendergast faction of the Democratic Party. He failed to be re-elected in 1924 but then won election as presiding judge in 1926. Truman served in this position in effect as county commissioner for eight years.
 Backwoods Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located in the Melbourne suburb of Collingwood Victoria Australia. Founded in August 2010 by Alexander Mitchell the gallery exhibits Australian and international artists with a focus on urban contemporary art street art and illustration.In December 2013 Complex magazine listed Backwoods Gallery in the top ten “Street Art Galleries You Should Know About“.
 Taurupe Manor (Latvian: Taurupes muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. Originally built after 1724 it was rebuilt in Tudor Neo-Gothic style around 1900 according to a design by architect Vilhelms Bokslafs for the owner Baron von Transe. During the 1905 Russian revolution Baron von Transe was shot to death by local peasants his manor vandalized and then put on the fire.
 The Seattle Tower originally known as the Northern Life Tower is a 27-story skyscraper in downtown Seattle Washington. The building is located on 1218 Third Avenue and is known as Seattle's first art-deco tower. Its distinctive ziggurat exterior is clad in 33 shades of brick designed to effect a gradient which lightens from the bottom to the top of the building.
 The Peter and Clotilde Shipe Mansbendel House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin Texas United States. It is also a part of the Shadow Lawn Historic District a subdivision within the Hyde Park neighborhood established by Hyde Park founder Monroe Shipe.The house was built in 1925 by Peter Mansbendel a master carpenter who personally added carved-wood decorations to the home.
 The Florida Tropical House is a beach house located on Lake Michigan's shoreline in Beverly Shores Indiana. The house was originally built in 1933 as part of the Homes of Tomorrow Exhibition during the 1933 World's Fair which took place in nearby Chicago. Today it is part of the Century of Progress Architectural District a historic district.After years of disrepair the house is currently being renovated and is subleased to a private renter who has agreed to cover the restoration costs.
 The Delaware Breakwater is a set of breakwaters east of Lewes Delaware on Cape Henlopen that form Lewes Harbor. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 1976.The original 1700-foot (520 m) and 2800-foot (850 m) breakwaters were built in 1828. The breakwaters are now included in the National Harbor of Refuge and Delaware Breakwater Harbor Historic District.The breakwaters were the first structure of their kind to be built in the Western Hemisphere.
 The Gamma Phi Beta Sorority House in Urbana Illinois also known as Omicron Chapter of Gamma Phi Beta was built in 1918. It was designed by Hewitt Emerson & Gregg. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Belden Village Mall is a shopping mall in Jackson Township Ohio. Its current anchor stores are Dillard's Macy's and Sears.
 Hotel Ottumwa now known as the Parkview Plaza is an historic structure located in downtown Ottumwa Iowa United States. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Bird and Rawson. The six-story brick structure rises 71.5 feet (22 m) above the ground. The hotel which was completed in 1916 was built by a group of Ottumwa businessmen who believed the city needed a luxury-class hotel.
 Frehn Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 1 is a historic Pratt truss bridge spanning Sideling Hill Creek and located at Springfield Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890 and measures 120-foot-long (37 m) in length and has a 13.75-foot-wide (4.19 m) timber deck.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Lopez Center Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper for the Rockwell Center in Makati City Philippines. Its height is expected to be 320 meters which would make it the tallest building in the Philippines. It is somewhat similar to the design of Freedom Tower in New York City.The Lopez Center Tower is a project of the Lopez Group of Companies in the Philippines.
 The Chesterfield House is an antebellum house at 9625 Old Rutledge Pike in the Skaggstown community of northeastern Knox County Tennessee. Built in 1838 by G.W. Arnold a physician from Roanoke Virginia the house is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was located along a stagecoach route (roughly what is now US-11) that began in Washington D.C. passed through Knoxville and continued further south.
 The Shoppes at Chino Hills is a 375000-square-foot (34800 m2) open-air shopping mall which had grand opening on May 23 2008 in Chino Hills California. The project was developed by Opus West Corporation and officially broke ground in October 2006.Among the more than 60 merchants announced are the first H&M in San Bernardino County Banana Republic Victoria's Secret Trader Joe's P.F.
 Timothy Reed House is a historic house at 284 Adams Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Hospital Kiang Wu (Chinese: 鏡湖醫院) a privately owned hospital located in Macau Peninsula is one of three hospitals in Macau China. Founded in 1871 the hospital is run by the Kiang Wu Charitable Association and offered Chinese medicial services. Renowned doctor Sun Yat-Sen brought Western medicine services to the hospital.
 St Andrew's Church is a Church of England church located in Tangmere West Sussex. It lies within the Diocese of Chichester.
 St Mary Mounthaw or Mounthaut was a parish church in Old Fish Street Hill in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery (TMAG) is a museum located in Hobart Tasmania. The museum was established in 1843 by the Royal Society of Tasmania under the leadership of Sir John Franklin the oldest Royal Society outside of England. It receives 300000 visitors annually.
 Ramsgate Maritime Museum is a maritime museum in Ramsgate Kent England that describes the maritime history of East Kent. The museum is situated in the Clock House on the quayside of the Royal Harbour at Ramsgate.Ramsgate Maritime Museum is run by the Steam Museum Trust a registered charity.
 The Château de Pierrefonds (French pronunciation: ​[ʃɑto də pjɛʁfɔ̃]) is a castle situated in the commune of Pierrefonds in the Oise département (Picardy) of France. It is on the southeast edge of the Forest of Compiègne north east of Paris between Villers-Cotterêts and Compiègne.The Château de Pierrefonds includes most of the characteristics of defensive military architecture from the Middle Ages though it underwent a major restoration in the 19th century.
 The Jackie Robinson Ballpark (also known as Jackie Robinson Stadium or City Island Ball Park) is a historic baseball field in Daytona Beach Florida United States. It is located at 105 East Orange Avenue on City Island in the Halifax River.
 Upper Meeting House of the Baptist Church of Middletown (also known as Holmdel Community Church of the United Church of Christ) is a historic church at 40 Main Street in Holmdel Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States. It was the first Baptist church congregation in New Jersey.The Holmdel Community Church congregation was formed as a result of a twentieth century merger between the Middletown Baptist Church and the Dutch Reformed Congregation.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Georgetown Colorado. Built in 1870 it now overlooks Interstate 70. Grace Episcopal is still an active church in the Episcopal Diocese of Colorado. On August 14 1973 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Stephen A. Schwarzman Building of the New York Public Library more widely known as the Main Branch or simply as the New York Public Library is the flagship building in the New York Public Library system and a prominent historic landmark in Midtown Manhattan. The branch opened in 1911 is one of four research libraries in the library system.
 The Cathedral Church of St Edan is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Ferns County Wexford in Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin. Until 1949 the designation of the Cathedral was the Cathedral Church of St. Ædan a variant spelling of Edan or Aidan.Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Ferns it is now one of six cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cashel and Ossory.
 Franklin County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Carnesville Georgia county seat of Franklin County Georgia. It was designed in a Neoclassical architecture style by Walter Chamberlain and constructed in 1906. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1980. It is located in Courthouse Square.
 The Borden Mines Superintendent's House was built in 1850 in Frostburg Allegany County Maryland. The Italianate style villa was built for Albert C. Green first superintendent of the Borden Mining Company one of the oldest mining companies in the United States. The frame house with its three-story tower was one of the first of this style to appear in Allegany County.
 Franklin Lofts originally known as the Lomas & Nettleton Building is a 8-story 32 m (105 ft) building in downtown Houston Texas. The building is generally regarded as the first skyscraper in the city. The Lomas & Nettleton Building was completed in 1904 and rises 8 floors in height.
 The Dial-Goza House (also known as the William H. Dial House) is a historic U.S. house in Madison Florida. It is located at 105 Northeast Marion Street. On July 24 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Welfley-Shuler House is a historic home located near Shenandoah Page County Virginia. It was built about 1876 and is a two-story stuccoed stone dwelling with hipped roof and a two-story rear ell. It has a one-story side wing a two-story front porch and an enclosed one-story porch on the south side of the ell. It features vernacular Greek Revival and Italianate style exterior decorative details. It was renovated in 1989-1993. Also on the property are the contributing stone milkhouse (c.
 Moses Taft House is a historic house at 111 East Wallum Lake Road in Burrillville Rhode Island.It was built in 1786 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Jacob and Eliza Spake House is located at 2600 State Street in Dallas Texas.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1985.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church Complex is a historic church on Rider Avenue at the intersection of Terry Street in Patchogue New York. Though the official address is listed as being at 31 Rider Avenue the actual church is located between two houses owned by the church the southernmost of which is actually located at 31 Rider Avenue.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Auburn Public Library also known as Old Auburn Library at 175 Almond St. in Auburn California was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 31 2011.It is a Classical Revival architecture building.
 St. Lawrence Catholic Church is located in Stangelville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Hotel Montclair also known as The Montclair was a hotel located in Montclair New Jersey. The hotel featured amenities such as a sunroom an English grill a bar and an artesian well.
 Holy Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at the junction of Monmouth and Third Avenues in Spring Lake Monmouth County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The church houses a fully functional 1904 Bates & Culley pipe organ.
 Beth David Synagogue formally known as Congregation Beth David is located on East Main Street (also state highway NY 343) in the hamlet of Amenia New York United States. It is a small brick European-style building erected in the late 1920s.It was built by the area's small community of Russian Jewish emigrants. Over the years its membership has dwindled and it has moved from its original Orthodox affiliation to Conservative and eventually to Reform practices.
 The Egyptian Theatre in DeKalb Illinois United States is an Egyptian Revival theatre that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The theatre was built in 1928 and 1929 as part of a much larger wave of national fascination with Ancient Egypt throughout the United States due in large part to the discovery of King Tut's tomb in 1922.
 Bassett Place is a shopping mall in El Paso Texas owned and operated by Cypress Equities.It is located on El Paso's east side at Interstate 10 and Geronimo Drive. Its anchors are Costco Wholesale Conn’s Kohl’s Premiere Cinema IMAX and Target.
 The Shops at Mary Brickell Village is a lifestyle center located in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami Florida. It has become a very popular downtown destination bringing new stores and eateries to the area.
 Canada's Northern House is a building operated by the Governments of Nunavut Canada and Northwest Territories Canada. Established for the 2010 Olympics and 2010 Paralympics in Vancouver British Columbia the house presents the culture tourism and industry of Canada's North. The house features informational displays on the arts mining and tourism sectors of the two territories. It also features a large stage for cultural presentations and a visual arts gallery on the lower floor.
 The George Hotel and Pilgrims' Inn in Glastonbury Somerset England was built in the late 15th century to accommodate visitors to Glastonbury Abbey. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building. It is the oldest purpose built public house in the South West of England. Having once been the Pilgrims' Inn of Glastonbury Abbey by the mid-nineteenth century the building was known as the George Hotel.
 The Kathryn  a Chesapeake Bay skipjack was built at Crisfield Maryland in 1901. Ported at Chance Maryland she is reputedly one of the fastest skipjacks on the Bay. She was designated a National Historic Landmark on April 19 1994.
 The Maguen David Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת מגן דוד‎) in San Pedro Sula Honduras is one of only two synagogues in the entire country. Built in 1997 it serves as the central gathering place of the tiny Jewish community of San Pedro Sula.
 Denver World Trade Center is an office complex in Denver Colorado. It consists of Denver World Trade Center I and II. Both buildings are owned by Rosemont Realty Inc. Denver World Trade Center I is 99 m (325 ft) tall and was completed in 1979 at 1625 Broadway.
 Chesapeake Square is a 717282 sq. ft. regional mall and was built in 1989 in Chesapeake Virginia in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. The mall has approximately 100 stores six anchors (Burlington Coat Factory Cinemark Theatres JCPenney Macy's Sears and Target) several eateries at the mall's food court including Chick-Fil-A Dairy Queen & Sbarro and two restaurants: Piccadilly Cafeteria and Big Woody's.
 Long Plain Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 1341 N. Main Street in Acushnet Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1759 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.The meeting house is open for tours on weekends and features original artifacts pews from three centuries and a small museum with exhibits about Quakers.
 Sedgwick Gardens located at 3726 Connecticut Avenue NW Washington DC is an apartment building on the southwest corner of Connecticut Avenue and Sedgwick Street in Northwest Washington D.C. It is located two blocks from the Cleveland Park Metro. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and is a good example of an Art Deco porte-cochere in Washington.
 Gilman Garrison House is a historic house at 12 Water Street in Exeter New Hampshire owned by Historic New England which operates the home as a house museum.Councillor John Gilman a proprietor of sawmills and member of a prominent early Exeter family involved in shipping built the log house around 1700 and fortified it for protection. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Princeton Club in Philadelphia was located in two joined buildings 1221 and 1223 Locust Street from about 1910 through the 1970s. The building at 1223 was designed by Frank Furness and 1221 is believed to have been designed by Lindley Johnson. Adaptations were made by the club in 1915 and 1919 to join the buildings together.The club was founded in Philadelphia in 1868 and was housed in five other buildings before moving to Locust Street.
 The Protestant church of Wyns or Saint Vitus Church is a religious building in Wyns Netherlands one of the medieval churches in Friesland. The nave and quintuple closed choir date from c. 1200 and are built out of red brick.
 The Hotel Metropole Brussels built in 1895 is the only nineteenth-century hotel in Brussels still in operation today. The hotel has 298 rooms and 15 suites.In 1890 two brothers with a brewing company opened Café Metropole as a place in the city to sell their beer. The café was a huge success and the Weilemans-Ceuppens family then purchased the building next-door a former bank which would become the Hotel Metropole inaugurated in 1895.
 Redwood Cottage is a historic house located in Lake Geneva Wisconsin. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Carlingford Court is a major shopping centre located in Carlingford a north-western suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia. Carlingford Court has been managed and fully owned by GPT since July 1996. As at 30 June 2006 the centre reported an annual sales turnover of A$166.1 million.
 Saint Agnes Episcopal Church is an historic redbrick Gothic Revival Episcopal church building located at 27 Church Street in Franklin Macon County North Carolina. Built in 1888 it was designed by architect William Gould Bulgin. The	Rev. John A. Deal the first Episcopal missioner in Macon County was responsible for founding Saint Agnes as well as Incarnation in Highlands. On June 4 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The former United Hebrews of Ocala synagogue is an historic Carpenter Gothic building located at 729 N.E. 2nd Street in the Tuscawilla Park Historic District of Ocala Florida. Built in 1888 it was one of the first synagogues in Florida. It is listed in the Marion County section of A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published in 1989 by the University of Florida Press in Gainesville. In 1963 the congregation adopted the name Temple B'nai Darom.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church on Old Laurel Hill Road in Laurel Hill Louisiana.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Fort Wayne Museum of Art (FWMoA) is a Contemporary art museum located in downtown Fort Wayne Indiana Allen County United States. The Fort Wayne Museum of Art contains permanent collections and national traveling exhibitions and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. FWMoA annually receives about 100000 visitors.
 Abergavenny Castle is a ruined castle in the market town of Abergavenny Monmouthshire Wales established by the Norman lord Hamelin de Ballon in about 1087. It was the site of a massacre of Welsh noblemen in 1175 and was attacked during the early 15th century Glyndŵr Rising. William Camden the 16th century antiquary said that the castle has been oftner stain'd with the infamy of treachery than any other castle in Wales.It has been a Grade I listed building since 1952.
 Cessnock Correctional Centre an Australian minimum and maximum security prison for males is located in Cessnock New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 Hillside Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on US 9 in Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1855 and is a small one story rectangular stone building in a rural picturesque style. It features elaborate scroll-sawn bargeboards and a steeply pitched gable roof. It has an open-frame bell tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Buckingham Historic District also known as Historic Ballston Park is a national historic district located at Arlington County Virginia. It contains 151 contributing buildings in a residential neighborhood in North Arlington. They were built in six phases between 1937 and 1953 and primarily consist of two- and three-story brick garden apartment buildings in the Colonial Revival-style. There is a single three-story brick building that was built in the International style.
 Yarrabee Flats is a building located at 44 Walsh street South Yarra Melbourne Australia consisting of five flats. It was designed by Frederick Romberg an Australian architect. The building is known for its architectural style and innovation. Yarabee Flats was built in 1940 for two musicians.
 The Edgar Backus Schermerhorn House is a historic house located at 803 E. 5th St. in Galena Kansas. The house was built circa 1895 for Edgar Backus Schermerhorn a wealthy businessman who owned many of the area's lead and zinc mines. Architects Anderson & Strong designed the home in the Queen Anne style. The house's design features a porch along the entire front side a hipped roof with cross gables and projecting bays and gables.
 Midland Gate Shopping Centre in Midland is located approximately 15 km north-east of the Perth Western Australia CBD and is the most eastern regional shopping centre of the Perth metropolitan area.Midland Gate is one of two shopping centres in Western Australia with all three discount department stores - Kmart Target and Big W. It has over 200 specialty stores two supermarkets (Coles & Woolworths)  a Fresh Food Mall food court and an eight-screen Ace Cinema Complex.
 The Musée Ingres (Ingres Museum) is located in Montauban France. It houses a collection of artworks and artifacts related to Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres and works by another famous native of Montauban Antoine Bourdelle. In 1851 Ingres at 71 years of age gave part of his collection including copies work of pupils and Greek vases as a gift to the city of his birth. The Ingres room was inaugurated in 1854.
 Kaiser Center also called the Kaiser Building is a 28 story office building located at 300 Lakeside Drive adjacent to Lake Merritt in downtown Oakland California designed by the architectural firm of Welton Becket & Associates of Los Angeles. The property is bounded by Lakeside Drive which terminates and joins Harrison Street at the site 20th- 21st- and Webster-streets.
 InterContinental Bali Resort is a five-star hotel and resort in Jimbaran in southern Bali Indonesia. It is operated by the InterContinental Hotels Group. The hotel overlooks Jimbaran Bay. The hotel has 418 rooms and fuses elements of traditional Balinese architecture with modern western architecture. The Jimbaran Gardens serves seafood Indonesian & international cuisine as well as casual dining at the poolside. The KO Japanese Restaurant specialises in Japanese cuisine.
 The Aitkin Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library in Aitkin Minnesota United States. It was built in the Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building now houses the Jaques Art Center.
 The South Sutton Meeting House is a historic meeting house at 17 Meeting House Hill Road in South Sutton New Hampshire. The wood frame building was constructed in 1839 and is a well preserved example of rural vernacular Greek Revival architecture. Sited atop a knoll overlooking the village the church is sheathed in clapboards and rests on a granite foundation.
 SM City Dasmariñas or simply SM Dasma/SM Pala-pala is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the Cavite Province Philippines. It is located along Governor's Drive Brgy. Sampaloc 1 Dasmariñas City Cavite.
 Ping An Finance Centre is a 115-story supertall skyscraper that is under construction in Shenzhen Guangdong province China. The tower was commissioned by Ping An Insurance and designed by the American architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates. It is expected to be completed in 2016 and will at that time be the 3rd tallest building in the world as well as the tallest in China standing a total of 660 metres (2165 ft) high.
 Leadville National Fish Hatchery established in 1889 west of Leadville Colorado is one of 70 hatcheries in the National Fish Hatchery System. It is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. It lies within the Mount Massive Wilderness most of whose area lies within San Isabel National Forest and is managed by the United States Forest Service.Leadville National Fish Hatchery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 California Hall is one of the original classical core Beaux-Arts-style Classical Revival buildings on the UC Berkeley campus. Construction began in 1903 under the lead of University Architect John Galen Howard after the university's adoption of the Phoebe Hearst master architectural plan for the Berkeley campus. The building opened in August 1905.
 Paramount Plaza (formerly the Uris Building or 1633 Broadway) is a 48-story skyscraper on Broadway in New York City that houses two Broadway theatres. In 2007 it was listed as number 46 on the list of tallest buildings in New York City.
 The Futako-Tamagawa Rise (二子玉川ライズ) complex comprises an upscale retail shopping series high-rise apartment towers and cultural space near the Futako-Tamagawa station/transportation hub. Located to the east of the FT station on the Tama River marking the southern metropolian boundary of Tokyo Futako-Tamagawa is the second major crossing upstream from the mouth of where the Tama River empties into Tokyo Bay.
 Gardiner Railroad Station is located in Gardiner Maine. The train station was built in 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1982.
 The Robert Weber Round Barn is a round barn located east of Durand Illinois United States along Illinois Route 75 in Harrison Township. The Weber barn was constructed in 1917 and features a roof designed and built by the Haas Brothers who worked on other area round barns. The barn is 55 feet (17 m) in diameter and features a 24-foot (7.3 m) diameter central silo.
 El Tiradito is a shrine and popular local spot in the Old Barrio area of downtown Tucson Arizona. The shrine consists of the crumbling remains of a brick building with a large metal rack for candles and desert plants now occupying the interior. Large glass-encased candles frequently depicting saints of the Roman Catholic Church are lit and left burning at the shrine both on the stand and along the ledges of the building.
 Hoar Tavern is a historic tavern northeast of downtown Lincoln on MA 2 in Lincoln Massachusetts. Also known as the Hoar Homestead it is now known as Hobbs Brook Farm.It was built in 1680 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Archaeological Museum of Messenia is located in Kalamata the capital of Messenia in southern Greece.The museum is built on the site of the city's old market hall. Among else its collection includes the finds which were formerly kept in the Benakeion Archaeological Museum of Kalamata a remarkable 1742 building of Venetian architecture which collapsed during the 1986 earthquake.
 Centre Point is a substantial concrete and glass office building in central London occupying 101–103 New Oxford Street WC1 close to St Giles Circus and almost directly above Tottenham Court Road tube station. The site was once occupied by a gallows. One of the first skyscrapers in London it is now the city's joint 27th tallest building. Since 1995 it has been a grade II listed building.
 The Boardman is a series of rowhouses at 39-53 Montana Street occupying an entire city block between Hoosac and Blackinton Streets in North Adams Massachusetts. The building was at the time of its construction (1899-1901) one of the most elaborate multiunit buildings in the city. They were built by developer Walter Penniman in two stages on land subdivided from the estate of F. R.
 The former Ahavas Sholem Synagogue building was built in 1928 at 30 White Street in New Haven Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The building is now used by the Church of Christ and is presently known as the Thomas Chapel.In its NRHP nomination it was asserted to be significant architecturally because it is an example of a neighborhood synagogue with an elaborate facade.
 Shaw Historic District also known as Francis B. Shaw Block Historic District is a national historic district located in Doylestown Bucks County Pennsylvania. The district includes seven contributing buildings in a residential and industrial area of Doylestown. The block was developed between 1833 and 1914 and includes the Bryan House (c. 1833) Clemens Double House (pre-1874) Goodman House (c. 1835) Kulp House (c.
 Boston Priory was a priory in Boston Lincolnshire England.The origins of Saint Botolphs church in Boston have their roots in the former priory church of the Benedictine monastery. The first church of St Botolph was granted to Saint Marys Abbey York shortly after 1089 and a priory of monks was constituted. The foundations of this first church were discovered during restoration work on the north side of the church 1851-3.
 The Abbey Beckington in Somerset UK was built as a monastic grange and also used as a college for priests; the building was begun in 1502 but after the Dissolution of the Monasteries it became a private house. It was altered in the early 17th century with a new front and a sumptuous barrel-vaulted plaster ceiling and also altered in 19th century.
 Pizza Showtime was a family restaurant and entertainment center operating in Perth Western Australia from 1980 to around 1984. Similar to the American Chuck E. Cheese chain it was a sit down pizza restaurant complemented by arcade games and animatronic characters.The restaurant was located in the defunct Grand Theatre Building on Murray Street (a site now occupied by a shopping and office complex housing the Department of Immigration and Citizenship).
 The Theodore H. O. Mattfeldt House is a historic house located at 202 S. Marion St. in Mount Pulaski Illinois. The house was constructed circa 1860 for Theodore H. O. Mattfeldt a Mount Pulaski politician businessman postmaster and surveyor. The Italianate house features a low-pitched hip roof arched windows and paired brackets along its roof line all characteristic features of the style.
 The Chapel of Saint Dominic Soriano (Spanish: Capilla de Santo Domingo de Soriano) is a Roman Catholic church building in Villa Soriano Soriano Department Uruguay.
 The Hall–Chaney House in Milwaukie Oregon was built in 1916 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Fort Brown Site is a historic former redoubt located on the Saranac River at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built during the War of 1812 and used in Battle of Plattsburgh. It had eight guns and four interior buildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The site is part of now Fort Brown Park and is operated by the City of Plattsburgh.
 Juliusspital (Julius Hospital) located in Würzburg was founded by Julius Echter from Mespelbrunn in 1576 on the ground of a Jewish cemetery with the endowment of the abandoned monastery of Heiligenthal. It continues to function as a hospital but is particularly notable for being at 170 hectares in the Franconian wine region the second largest wine estate in Germany and the biggest individual German wine grower. Weingut Juliusspital is a member of Association of German Prädikat Wine Estates.
 The Pines Theater is a historic movie theater located in Lufkin Texas. Built in 1925 it was designed by architect Shirley Simons and/or W. P. Berry in Moderne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The City of Lufkin purchased the theater in 2007. The City has undertaken extensive restoration efforts on the theater from 2009 to 2012.
 One Post Office Square is a 40-floor modern skyscraper in the Financial District section of Boston Massachusetts. The skyscraper is Boston's 10th-tallest building standing 525 feet (160 m) tall. The building has approximately 766000 square feet (71000 m2) of Class A office space. An attached eight-level parking garage offers 368 parking spaces and direct access to the building's lobby. It overlooks Post Office Square Park and was designed by Jung Brannen Associates.
 The Monroe State Bank Building located in Monroe Oregon is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Raynham also known as Kneeland Townsend House was built in 1804. It was listed on the NRHP in 1980.The 1980 NRHP listing included 9 contributing buildings 1 contributing structure and 1 contributing object.It is one of Connecticut's best-preserved Gothic Revival estates having remained in the Townshend family for seven generations. Its 15 acres (6.1 ha) includes picturesque grounds.
 The Evinston Community Store and Post Office (also known as the Fred Wood Store or Wood & Swink) is a historic site in Evinston Florida United States. It is located on CR 225 north of the Alachua/Marion county border. The address is 18320 Southeast County Road 225. On May 5 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Panagia Episkopi (Greek: Παναγία Επισκοπή) is the previous middle-Byzantine cathedral of the Greek Cycladean island of Santorini (Thira). It is also called Panagia tis Episkopis (Παναγία της Επισκοπής) or Church of Episkopi Thiras (Ναός Επισκοπής Θήρας).
 The Dalton Covered Bridge also called the Dalton Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Warner River on Joppa Road in Warner New Hampshire.The bridge was built in 1853 and it has a through truss design. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Jediah Hill Covered Bridge is a registered historic structure near Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 28 1973. The wooden covered bridge was built in 1850.
 The William R. Thorsen House often referred to as the Thorsen House was built in 1909 in Berkeley California by William Randolph Thorsen and Caroline Canfield Thorsen. Designed by Henry and Charles Greene of the renowned Pasadena firm of Greene & Greene in the American Craftsman style of the Arts and Crafts Movement. The House is considered as the last of four Greene & Greene designed ultimate bungalows and is the only one located in Northern California.[citation needed]
 The Dupee Estate-Mary Baker Eddy Home located at 400 Beacon Street in the village of Chestnut Hill in Newton Massachusetts is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Dupee Estate but is better known as the last home of Mary Baker Eddy the founder of the Church of Christ Scientist.
 Murambinda Mission Hospital (MMH) is a hospital in Zimbabwe.
 Gammel Estrup Manor (Danish: Gammel Estrup) is found east of Randers City in Denmark. The manor as we know it today was built in 1490. But excavations have revealed evidence of earlier constructions also mentioned in texts under the name Essendrup dating back to 1340.The construction of Gammel Estrup was started by the contentious Lave Brock. But it was his great-grandson Eske Brock who most people today think of in connection with the manor.
 St. Peter’s Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Des Moines. The church is located in Council Bluffs Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Peter’s Church and Rectory.
 The Crompton Loom Works is a historic industrial complex at 132-142 Green Street in Worcester Massachusetts. With its original portion dating to 1860 the complex is one of the oldest surviving industrial sites in the city. The facility was established by George Crompton whose father William had invented the first power loom for weaving fancy fabrics.
 The U.S. Post Office in Haverstraw New York is located on Main Street in the center of the village. It serves the ZIP Code 10927 which covers the village.It was built in the mid-1930s as a New Deal project. Like many other post offices from that era it is a brick building in the Colonial Revival architectural style. It features a high level of ornamentation possibly due to the influence of James Farley a native of the Haverstraw area who was Postmaster General at that time.
 The Harbourfront Landmark (Chinese: 海名軒) is a 70-floor 233 meter (763 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2001 located in Hong Kong China.
 Nicholas East House is a historic home located in West Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1820 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay random fieldstone structure. It has a gable roof and gable end chimneys. It has a two-story rear addition with a one-story addition attached to it. The front facade features a full width porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Gracia) is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Palomas Badajoz Extremadura western Spain. It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural on 12 November 2013.
 The American Legion Hall near Shoshone Idaho was built in 1928 and listed on the NRHP on September 8 1983. It is of Bungalow/Craftsman architecture and served as a clubhouse and as a meeting hall and was listed on the NRHP for its architecture. It is located At 107 West A Street in Shoshone. It was built by stonemason Jack Oughton. It was also a work of Steve Rhodes.
 The Church of St. Joachim is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 26 Roosevelt Street in Manhattan New York City.The parish was established in 1888 by the Missionary Fathers of St. Charles Borromeo with the Rev. F. Morelli C.S.C.B. as its first pastor.
 Fort Morgan is a historic masonry star fort at the mouth of Mobile Bay Alabama United States. Some scholars regard it as one of the finest examples of military architecture in the New World. The post was named in honor of Revolutionary War hero Daniel Morgan. It was built on the site of the earlier Fort Bowyer an earthen and stockade type fortification involved in the final land battles of the War of 1812.
 Nasir Mosque is the first purpose-built mosque in Hartlepool located on Brougham Terrace. The mosque was built by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and inaugurated in 2005 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad the Head of the Worldwide Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
 Ayres Hall is a central iconic and historic landmark building at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville Tennessee.The building was designed by Miller Fullenwider and Dowling of Chicago and completed in 1921. It is named for Brown Ayres (1856–1919) the university's 12th president. A detailed restoration was initiated in 2008.The Gothic Revival structure rises 42.67m above its base and currently houses the Mathematics department of the University of Tennessee.
 The Château Trompette is a French château in the commune of Vanxains in Dordogne department in the Aquitane region of south-western France. The current residents are the Riom family.
 The Benjamin Grant House is a historic house at 47 County Street in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved early Georgian house built c. 1735 by Benjamin Grant. He was killed in the French and Indian War and the house subsequently came into the hands of the Ross family who owned it well into the 20th century. The house is a 2.5 story colonial with a central chimney.
 The Cambridge Hospital campus is a community teaching hospital located in Cambridge Massachusetts United States. The hospital is located at 1493 Cambridge Street between Inman Square and Harvard Square. It is one of three hospital campuses part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
 Santo Stefano is a church in Genoa northern Italy. Located on a hill overlooking the central Via XX Settembre it is one of the most outstanding examples of Romanesque architecture in the city.The church had been closed for much of the 20th century until the restoration of the year 1946-1955 when it was reconsecrated.
 The Cliniques Universitaires Saint-Luc (UCL-St-Luc) is a non-profit-making (ASBL) hospital associated with Université catholique de Louvain and situated in Woluwe Brussels Belgium. The hospital opened on the 23 August 1976.
 The Baskerville Apartment Building is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Watford General Hospital is a 521-bed acute District General Hospital in Watford Hertfordshire operated by West Hertfordshire Hospitals NHS trust along with Hemel Hempstead General Hospital in Hemel Hempstead and the St Albans City Hospital in St Albans.Outline planning permission to redevelop the hospital and create the Watford Health Campus was granted in 2008.
 The Utah State Capitol is the house of government for the U.S. state of Utah. The building houses the chambers and offices of the Utah State Legislature the offices of the Governor Lieutenant Governor Attorney General the State Auditor and their staffs. The capitol is the main building of the Utah State Capitol Complex which is located on Capitol Hill overlooking downtown Salt Lake City.The Neoclassical revival Corinthian style building was designed by architect Richard K.A.
 Carey Baptist Church is an independent evangelical/Baptist church in Reading England.
 The Kaweah Delta Medical Center is a 403-bed hospital located in Visalia California USA. It is operated by the Kaweah Delta Health Care District a political subdivision of the State of California which is governed by an elected board of directors.
 Living Shangri-la is a mixed-use skyscraper in Downtown Vancouver British Columbia Canada and is the tallest building in both Metro Vancouver and British Columbia. The 62-storey Shangri-La tower contains a 5-star hotel and its offices on the first 15-floors with condominium apartment units occupying the rest of the tower. The building's podium complex also includes a spa Urban Fare specialty grocery store a Vancouver Art Gallery public display and a curated public sculpture garden.
 The Digges-Sasscer house is an historic building in Upper Marlboro Maryland. It has been home to Lansdale Ghiselin Sasscer Lansdale Ghiselin Sasscer Jr. and Daniel Carroll Digges. The house has been documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey and is listed in the Maryland Historical Trust.The earliest sections of the house date to the late 1700s.
 1 New York Place was a supertall skyscraper that was proposed in 2002 to rise 1050 feet (320 m) tall and have 90 floors. The tower was supposed to be located in New York City's financial district at Broadway and Fulton Street but the project was canceled.The tower was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox and projected to cost USD $680 million. It would have had 1.3 million square feet (121000 square meter) of floor space.
 The Elks Club Building in Tyler Texas is an International Style building built in 1949. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Dirleton Castle is a medieval fortress in the village of Dirleton East Lothian Scotland. It lies around 2 miles (3.2 km) west of North Berwick and around 19 miles (31 km) east of Edinburgh. The oldest parts of the castle date to the 13th century and it was abandoned by the end of the 17th century.Begun in around 1240 by John De Vaux the castle was heavily damaged during the Wars of Scottish Independence when it was twice taken by the English.
 Washington School is a historic school at 8 School Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The school was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 The Pacific Plaza Towers are high-end residential condominium skyscrapers located across One McKinley Place in Bonifacio Global City Philippines. The twin 53-storey buildings the North Tower and South Tower were completed in 2001 and rises to 179 metres (587 feet) from the ground to its architectural top. They are currently the 20th and 21st-tallest buildings in the country and Metro Manila as well.
 Amu Plaza Kagoshima (アミュプラザ鹿児島 Amyu Puraza Kagoshima) is the terminal building adjacent to Kagoshima-Chūō Station. It is owned by the Kagoshima Terminal Building Corporation which belongs to JR Kyushu. Amu Plaza Kagoshima has about 190 shops. When it opened on 17 September 2004 its floor space was the largest in Kagoshima surpassing the Yamakataya department store. It was superseded in 2007 by Aeon Kagoshima Shopping Centre.The name Amu comes from the English amuse.
 The John Hunt Morgan Memorial in Lexington Kentucky is a monument created as a tribute to Confederate General John Hunt Morgan who was from Lexington and is buried in nearby Lexington Cemetery.With the help of the state government of Kentucky the United Daughters of the Confederacy erected the monument on October 18 1911 on what was then the courthouse lawn. The bronze statue was cast in Brooklyn New York at a cost of $15000.
 First Presbyterian Church of Lawton (also known as Centenary United Methodist Church of Lawton) is a historic church building at 8th Street and D Avenue in Lawton Oklahoma.It was built in 1902 in a late-Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 United Mine Workers of America Building also known as University Club is an historic building located at 900 Fifteenth St. Northwest Washington D.C. in the Downtown neighborhood.
 Zion Gate (Hebrew: שַׁעַר צִיּוֹן Shaar Zion Arabic: Bab Sahyun) also known in Arabic as Bab Harat al-Yahud (Jewish Quarter Gate) or Bab an-Nabi Dawud (Prophet David Gate) is one of eight gates in the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem.
 The Essex County Courthouse is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 26 1975.The building designed by Cass Gilbert has a four-story rotunda topped with a Tiffany skylight. It features artwork from some of the most well known artists of the American Renaissance period including a statue of seated Lincoln bu=y Gutzon Borglum
 Edificio Olympo is a skyscraper in the city of Santa Cruz on the Tenerife Canary Islands Spain. Completed in 1975 has 19 floors and rises 57 meters. Lies on the Plaza de la Candelaria 1 near some other skyscrapers including Torres de Santa Cruz and Rascacielos de la avenida Tres de Mayo. It has an innovative and distinctive look. Main usage: offices residential and shopping center.
 Stockholm City Hall (Swedish: Stockholms stadshus or Stadshuset locally) is the building of the Municipal Council for the City of Stockholm in Sweden. It stands on the eastern tip of Kungsholmen island next to Riddarfjärden's northern shore and facing the islands of Riddarholmen and Södermalm. It houses offices and conference rooms as well as ceremonial halls and the luxury restaurant Stadshuskällaren. It is the venue of the Nobel Prize banquet and one of Stockholm's major tourist attractions.
 St. Marys College was a Roman Catholic school in Ilchester Maryland (Illchester Mills) near modern Ellicott City Maryland in Howard County. The ruins are near Ilchester and Bonnie Branch roads. The upper college building was built in 1868 consisting of a cupola topped eighteen bay by five bay building with a five by five bay projection. A three by three bay five story L shaped addition is included with all of the structure on a stone foundation.
 Stanton Center is a historic building at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a two-story (plus basement) Classical Revival brick masonry building with a one-story addition. It is the second school building on the site and was first used as an elementary school and later became the first high school for African Americans in Anne Arundel County.
 The CJ International House is an C-shaped dormitory for foreign professors and students at Korea University in Seoul South Korea.The building is organized into a residence hall and a conference hall.The Residence hall is equipped with study rooms lounges and a fitness center. It is situated at the top of a very large hill and has a good view of the city of Seoul.
 The Widow Maloby's Tavern is a historic tavern building located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The tavern was built in 1764 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay by two bay brick rowhouse. It was originally painted yellow. It remained a tavern and community gathering place for over a century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972. The tavern is also part of the South Front Street Historic District.
 Turn Store and the Tinsmith's Shop also known as Turn's Bushkill General Store are two historic commercial buildings located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Lehman Township Pike County Pennsylvania. The Turn General Store is a 2- to 2 1/2-story frame building in two sections. The older section dates to about 1837 and is at the rear of the present building. Attached to the front is an addition built about 1916.
 Thayer Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. The district includes two contributing structures; the farmhouse and horse barn with small carriage shed. Also on the property are a contributing The farmhouse is composed of a two story central section flanked by symmetrical one story wings. It is a frame building built about 1836.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Palazzo del Viminale is an historic palace in Rome (Italy) seat of the Prime Minister and of the Ministry of Interior since 1925; in 1961 the Prime Minister was transferred to Palazzo Chigi.
 Christiansburg Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Christiansburg Montgomery County Virginia. The district encompasses 32 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing objects in the central business district of Christiansburg. The district includes a variety of one- two- or three-story commercial or office buildings built primarily from the 1915-1950 period. The courthouse square is the cultural and historic center of the district.
 Hotel Broadalbin is a historic hotel at 59 W. Main St. in Broadalbin Fulton County New York. It is a two-part building consisting of a two story brick block building built in 1854 and clapboard clad frame block added in 1881. The brick block measures 30 feet by 90 and frame addition is 55 feet by 65 feet. Both have gable roofs and features a two story hipped roof verandah added about 1881.
 The James L. Lawther House is an octagon house in Red Wing Minnesota United States. The owner James Lawther built it after he visited Dubuque Iowa and toured the Langworthy House there. At the time the Langworthy House was the grandest house of its type on the upper Mississippi River. The Lawther House was built in 1857 with an addition in 1870.
 Zaļenieki Manor also called Zaļā Manor because of the German word Grünhof is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Surrounded by a 27-hectare landscape park with ponds and lakes it was one of the oldest properties of the Livonian Order in Zemgale. Its architecture enables the manor to be evaluated as the first and greatest early classical model in Courland.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located three blocks south of Fordham University at the corner of Belmont Avenue and 627 East 187th Street Fordham Bronx New York City New York.
 Crabhouse Priory was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England.The Priory of St Mary the Virgin and St John the Evangelist was a House of Augustinian Nuns founded in the late 12th Century on the west bank of the Great Ouse between King's Lynn and Downham Market in the County of Norfolk.The Priory was dissolved during the reign of Henry VIII and most of the monastic buildings were partially demolished during the next 20 years.
 Lukens Main Office Building is a historic office building located at Coatesville Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was designed by the noted architectural firm of Cope & Stewardson and built in 1902 for the Lukens Steel Company. It is a 2 1/2-story seven bay brick T-shaped building in a Colonial Revival / Georgian Revival style. It has a hipped roof with dormers and flanking two-story three bay wings.
 Africa Hall is the permanent headquarters of UNECA the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. The structure built in the span of only 18 months was completed in February 1961. It covers an overall area of 75000 m2 with a usable area of 13800 m2 consisting of 3600 m2 of conference halls 5500 m2 of offices and 4700 m2 of general facilities. Its main characteristic is represented by the “continuous spaces” of the internal layout.
 The Musical Instrument Museum (MIM) is located in Phoenix Arizona. Opened in April 2010 it is the largest museum of its type in the world. The collection of over 15000 musical instruments and associated objects includes examples from nearly 200 countries and territories representing every inhabited continent. Some larger countries such as India China Russia the United States and Congo have multiple displays with subsections for different types of ethnic folk and tribal music.
 Osceola Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Osceola in Lewis County New York. It was built in 1882 as Osceola Methodist Church. It is a one story three bay wide four bay deep Carpenter Gothic building surmounted by a steeply pitched metal clad gable roof with decorative wood trim. In the 1920s it was converted for use as a town hall and later a library as well.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Fountain Point is an historic landmark located in Suttons Bay Township Michigan which is part of Leelanau County and the Leelanau Peninsula. Its name is derived from a fountain of sparkling artesian spring water situated on a large point on Lake Leelanau which has been continuously gushing since 1867.
 The Payson Presbyterian Church at 160 S. Main in Payson Utah was built in 1882. It has also been known as Payson Bible Church.
 Bethel Baptist Church is a historic church in Clay Village Kentucky. It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 St Helen's Church is an Anglican church in Brant Broughton Lincolnshire England.
 The Parish Church of St Peter and St Paul (grid reference SP082899) in Witton Lane Aston Birmingham England is a parish church in the Church of England.
 Crathie Kirk is a small Church of Scotland parish church in the Scottish village of Crathie best known for being the regular place of worship of the British Royal Family when they are holidaying at nearby Balmoral Castle.Crathie Kirk is now united with neighbouring Braemar to form a single parish with two places of worship. Eventually this parish will be further enlarged to include Glenmuick (Ballater). The minister (since 2005) is the Reverend Kenneth Mackenzie.
 The Hanks' Dugouts are a series of pioneer dwellings in southern Utah in what is now Capitol Reef National Park. The dugouts were constructed as temporary housing for the Ephraim K. Hanks family Mormon pioneers who established the now-vanished Floral Ranch on Pleasant Creek in April 1883. The remains of three dugouts and one other structure remain at the site. All above-ground construction has collapsed.
 The View Point Inn located in Corbett Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In July 2011 the building's second floor was gutted by a fire and its owners and faced financial difficulties as the insurance on the building had lapsed.
 The Hønefoss Church (Norwegian: Hønefoss Kirke) was a church in the Ringerike municipality Buskerud Norway. The church burned down to the ground on 26 January 2010.The church had room for approx. 350 people. It was located in Hønefoss which is the administrative center of the Ringerike municipality. The church had its own cemetery burial chapel crematorium and a modern assembly room (referred to as Kirkestua).
 Komi is a Washington D.C. restaurant operated by Chef Johnny Monis. It is located at 1509 17th St. NW near Dupont Circle and serves Italian- and Greek-influenced dishes. In April 2007 Food & Wine magazine named Johnny Monis one of the F&W 2007 Best New Chefs [1].
 LaFollette Complex is the largest residence hall complex on the Ball State University campus in Muncie Indiana. The complex houses 1900 men and women in nine halls. They have nine hall directors and the building itself has a net worth of $11 million. The basement of LaFollette houses campus offices classrooms computer labs and gym equipment. The basement of LaFollette also has two dining facilities and there is a buffet-style dining hall on the first floor.LaFollette is named for Dr.
 The Red Onion is a restaurant located on East Cooper Avenue in Aspen Colorado United States. It is the oldest restaurant in the city housed in a three-story red brick Italianate building dating to the late 19th century. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as New Brick–The Brick Saloon along with other historic properties in the city.It began as a saloon opened by an early city alderman; at one point its upper floors were reportedly home to a brothel.
 Gates Hall and Pultneyville Public Square is a historic theater and village green located at Pultneyville in Wayne County New York. Gates Hall was built in 1826 by the Union Church Society as a place of worship for the community's Methodists Presbyterians and Episcopalians. In 1867 the building began to be used as a theater. It was remodeled in 1894 in the Queen Anne style to serve as a multipurpose civic building. It is a two story gable roofed building resting on a raised basement.
 Afif-Abad Garden (Persian: باغ عفیف آباد‎; also known as Golshan Garden) is a museum complex in Shiraz Iran.Located in the affluent Afif-Abad district of Shiraz the complex was constructed in 1863. It contains a former royal mansion a historical weapons museum and a Persian garden all open to the public.
 The William E. Brainard House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kingston and District Sports Hall of Fame honors athletes in the region of Kingston Ontario. In 2008 the Hall moved to the new Kingston Regional Sports and Entertainment Centre in downtown Kingston.
 The YM Museum of Marine Exploration Kaohsiung (MOME; Chinese: 陽明高雄海洋探索館; pinyin: Yángmíng Gāoxióng Hǎiyáng Tànsuǒguǎn) is a museum about marine exploration in Qijin Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 The Warren Hickox House also known as the Hickox/Brown house is a Frank Lloyd Wright house in the Prairie School style in Kankakee Illinois United States. The house design is similar to two articles Wright published in the Ladies' Home Journal.
 The Solomon Nightengale House (or Nightingale) is a historic house at 429 Granite Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The house shown in the image is at the correct address (429 Granite Street) and lot as verified by reference to the site map provided on the Massachusetts Historical Commission report precedent to its nomination to the National Register.
 Old City Hall is a historic building and a National Historic Site of Canada in Guelph Ontario Canada which until April 2009 served as the headquarters of the city government. The building is now used as the Provincial Offences Courthouse which handles matters such as traffic tickets trespassing and liquor license violations.
 The Home Economics Building in Torrance California is a building on the campus of Torrance High School built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.The Main Building and the Torrance School annex building are also NRHP-listed.
 First Congregational Church and Society of Volney also known as Bristol Hill Church Congregational United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational church located at Volney in Oswego County New York. It is a frame vernacular Federal style structure built in 1832-1835. It is a two story structure rectangular in plan 40 feet wide and 54 feet deep. A tower extends from the center of its facade. Except for the loss of its bell the church is in virtually original condition.
 Tunbridge Wells Hospital is a large district general hospital near Tunbridge Wells Kent England run by the Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust. The hospital is located north-west of the village of Pembury on Tonbridge Road.The hospital was built by Laing O'Rourke on the site of Pembury Hospital at a cost of £226 million. Building work started in 2008.
 Stuyvesant Heights Historic District is a national historic district in Bedford-Stuyvesant Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 577 contributing residential buildings built between about 1870 and 1900. The district encompasses 17 individual blocks (13 identified in 1975 and four new in 1996). The buildings within the district consist primarily of two and three-story rowhouses with high basements with a few multiple dwellings and institutional structures.
 The Winnemucca Grammar School located at 522 Lay St. in Winnemucca Nevada is a historic school that was designed by architect Richard Watkins in Prairie School style. It was built during 1927-28. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It was deemed significant as representing the period of rapid growth of Winnemucca from 1915 through the 1920s and as a good example of Prairie Style school architecture.
 The Thomas P. Ives House is a National Historic Landmark in Providence Rhode Island. It was erected from 1803 to 1806 as a large 3-1/2 story brick residence and it has a balustraded roof and is designed in the Adamesque-Federal style. Similar mansions were built by wealthy New England sea captains and merchants throughout the region in the early Federal era.It was designated a National Historic Landmark on December 30 1970.
 First Baptist Church (Leaksville Baptist Church) is a historic church at 538 Greenwood Street in Eden North Carolina.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The Cathedral of the Assumption of Our Lady of Segorbe (Spanish: Catedral de la Asunción de la Virgen) is a Roman Catholic church in Segorbe province of Castellón Spain. It is the see of the Diocese of Segorbe-Castellon. It was elevated to the rank of minor basilica in 1985.
 The Cherokee Female Seminary (not to be confused with the first Cherokee Female Seminary) serves as the centerpiece of Northeastern State University located in Tahlequah Oklahoma United States. The building was constructed to replace the original Cherokee Female Seminary that burnt to the ground Easter Sunday 1887. The Cherokee Council chose to rebuild the school on a 40-acre (160000 m2) site north of Tahlequah.
 The Lohnam Funeral Home and Livery Stable are located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. In 1988 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places. According to its application it is an example of a 19th century commercial livery stable in the day.
 Steamtown U.S.A. was a steam locomotive museum that ran steam excursions out of North Walpole New Hampshire and Bellows Falls Vermont from the 1960s to 1983. The museum was founded by millionaire seafood industrialist F. Nelson Blount. The non-profit Steamtown Foundation took over operations following his death in 1967.
 The Church of Saint Michael (Croatian: Crkva svetog Mihaela) is a Roman Catholic church in Osijek Croatia. It is located in Tvrđa.
 The Bibi-Heybat Mosque (Azerbaijani: Bibiheybət məscidi) is a historical mosque in Baku Azerbaijan.
 Freeman House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The original house (the center and eastern section) was built about 1734; a western addition was built about 1750; and a rear ell was added about 1800. It is a two story Dutch Colonial house with a gable roof and built of large smooth finished beams. It is one of the finest and oldest colonial period buildings in Guilderland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Makawao Union Church is a church near Makawao on the Hawaiian island of Maui. It was founded by New England missionary Jonathan Smith Green during the Kingdom of Hawaii. The third historic structure used by the congregation was designed by noted local architect C.W. Dickey and dedicated in 1917 as the Henry Perrine Baldwin Memorial Church. In 1985 Makawao Union Church was placed on the Hawaii and National Register of Historic Places.
 Lower Hutt Central Fire Station is a former fire station in Lower Hutt New Zealand. When it was built in 1955 it was considered to be one of the most modern fire stations in the southern hemisphere.The fire station is strongly influenced by the work of architect Frank Lloyd Wright.
 The One-Million-Liter Test Sphere — also known as the Test Sphere the Horton Test Sphere the Cloud Study Chamber Building 527 and the “Eight Ball” (or “8-ball”) — is a decommissioned biological warfare (BW) chamber and testing facility located on Fort Detrick Maryland USA. It was constructed and utilized by the U.S. Army Biological Warfare Laboratories as part of its BW research program from 1951 to 1969.
 The church of St. John the Baptist Leenside Nottingham was opened in 1844 as a parish church in the Church of England. It was destroyed in 1941.
 Logan Valley Mall is a regional shopping mall in Altoona Pennsylvania. It is anchored by J. C. Penney Macy's Old Navy Sears as well as Carmike Cinemas and features over 120 stores on two levels. It is owned by PREIT.
 Dr. York Bailey House also known as the Sara Rhodan House is a historic home located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. It was built about 1915 and is a two-story vernacular frame American Foursquare style dwelling. It was built for Dr. York W. Bailey (1881-1971) a prominent native of the island who was St. Helena’s first African-American doctor and only resident physician for over 50 years. He lived in this house until his death in 1971. The York W.
 Begar Priory was an alien priory in North Yorkshire England.
 St Michael's Church Whittington is located in the settlement of Whittington Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St John the Evangelist Gressingham St Margaret Hornby and St John the Baptist Arkholme. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Yablanski House (Bulgarian: къща на Яблански kashta na Yablanski) is a Neo-Baroque house in Sofia the capital of Bulgaria situated at 18 Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard in the city centre and regarded as one of the highest achievements of the city's architecture in the first decade of the 20th century.
 Union Plaza is a skyscraper in northwest Oklahoma City's business district. It is 252 feet (77m) and has 18 floors for lease. The building was completed in 1980.
 The Schuyler-Colfax House is located in Wayne Passaic County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1695 by Arent Schuyler and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 1973.
 L'Enclume (meaning the anvil) is a restaurant located in Cartmel Cumbria England. In 2008 the restaurant held one star in the Michelin Guide. In 2012 the restaurant held two stars in the Michelin Guide.In the 2014 edition of the The Good Food Guide L'Enclume was awarded a perfect 10 cooking score and topped the list of the UK's best restaurants.The restaurant was founded in 2003 by chef-patron Simon Rogan who trained under Marco Pierre White and co-owner Penny Tapsell.
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church or Iglesia Luterana San Pedro is a church located in the Walker's Point neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Oldfields also known as Lilly House and Gardens is a 26 acre historic estate and house museum on the grounds of the Indianapolis Museum of Art in Indianapolis Indiana United States. The estate an example of the American country house movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries was designated a U.S.
 The National Museum of Finland (Finnish: Suomen kansallismuseo Swedish: Finlands nationalmuseum) presents Finnish history from the Stone Age to the present day through objects and cultural history. The Finnish National Romantic style building is located in central Helsinki and operates in collaboration with the National Board of Antiquities (Finnish: Museovirasto Swedish: Museiverket) an association related to the government's Ministry of Culture and Education.
 The Gee's Slough Group of Indian Mounds located just outside of the city of New Lisbon Wisconsin are placed on the US National Register of Historic Places. The New Lisbon Area was a winter gathering place for the Woodland Culture Indians who are considered the ancestors to the Ho-Chunk (Winnebago) tribe.Conical mounds ranging from several meters to over 20 meters in diameter were first constructed in Wisconsin by Woodland tradition cultures as early as 400 BC.
 Bridgeforth High School in Pulaski Tennessee was Giles County Tennessee's first high school for African Americans. It opened in 1937. It was named for J. T. Bridgeforth who was one of the earliest African-American educators in the county.The school's first building also known as Bridgeforth School or the Greater Richland Creek Missionary Baptist General Association is a colonial revival style building completed in 1936 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hollywood also known as The Burrus House is a building near Benoit Mississippi that was built in 1861 in Greek Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.The movie Baby Doll was filmed here in 1956.
 Falaknuma Palace is one of the finest palaces in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It belonged to Paigah Hyderabad State and it was later owned by the Nizams. It is on a 32-acre (13 ha) area in Falaknuma 5 km from Charminar. It was built by Nawab Vikar-ul-Umra prime minister of Hyderabad and the uncle and brother-in-law of the Nizam VI Nawab Mir Mahboob Ali Khan Bahadur. Falak-numa means Like the Sky or Mirror of the Sky in Urdu.
 Locke-Ober (ca.1875-2012) located at 3-4 Winter Place was the third oldest restaurant in Boston Massachusetts after the Union Oyster House (1826) and Durgin-Park (1827). Locke-Ober featured French cuisine and seafood.
 The Auckland Town Hall is a historic building on Queen Street in downtown Auckland New Zealand known both for its original and ongoing use for administrative functions (such as Council meetings and hearings) as well as for its famed Great Hall and its separate Concert Chamber. The Town Hall and its surrounding context is highly protected as a 'Category A' heritage place in the city's district plan.
 Chapel Hill Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic Cumberland Presbyterian church in Chapel Hill Tennessee.The church building on Main Street in Chapel Hill was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Altnagelvin Area Hospital is the main hospital for the North West of Northern Ireland. It provides services to the city of Derry as well as County Londonderry but also some specialist and acute services for parts of neighbouring County Donegal County Tyrone County Antrim and County Fermanagh. It has 500 beds employs over 2000 health care professionals technical and support staff and offers the most comprehensive medical services outside Belfast in Northern Ireland.
 Dudley House at 4085 Telegraph Rd. in Ventura California is a historic Late Victorian-style saltbox house that was built in 1891. It was designed and built by architect and builder Selwyn Shaw. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.At the time of the NRHP listing the farmhouse was occupied by the fifth generation of the Dudley family and the property included nine out of an original 200 acres.
 Alexander Liddle Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1850 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a two story asymmetrical T shaped frame farmhouse in the Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof clapboard siding and features a wide entabulature pronounced cornice returns and broad corner pilasters. Two one story wings flank the main block.
 The Temple Gardens Mineral Spa Resort is a 4 star[citation needed] (Canada Select Rating) hotel located in downtown Moose Jaw Saskatchewan Canada. The resort features a roof top indoor/outdoor mineral pools and is connected to Casino Moose Jaw. In 1910 drillers looking for oil hit the hot springs that service the hotel remains of an ancient seabed.
 The Ellen M. Smith Three-Decker was a historic triple decker house at 22 Kilby Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1908 it was described as one of the best preserved Queen Anne triple deckers in Worcester University Park area when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It has apparently been demolished and replaced by a modern duplex.
 Weber-Weaver Farm is a historic home and farm located at West Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The property includes the Hans Weber House (1724) the Weber summer kitchen (c. 1800) the Weber barn (c. 1724) The John Weaver House and summer kitchen (c. 1765) the Weaver barn (c. 1904) the Weaver shed (c. 1904) and the Weaver garage (1930). The Hans Weber House is a stone dwelling modeled on the Hans Herr House in its Germanic style.
 1500 Louisiana Street formerly Enron Center South is a 600 ft (183m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 2002 and has 40 floors. It is the 17th tallest building in the city and the tallest completed in the 2000s.
 The Lake Street Fire Station is an historic fire station at 2 Lake Street in Gardner Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Italianate brick building was built in 1884 and originally housed a school on the second floor which moved out in 1890. The station originally had four bays for firetrucks and a tower for drying hoses.
 St Nicholas Church in Thames Ditton Surrey England is a Grade-I listed building Anglican parish church that has parts that date back to the 12th century.
 The Gouvernementsgebouw is the presidential palace of Suriname located in the capital of Paramaribo.It is located across from The Independence Square (Onafhankelijkheidsplein) which also houses the The National Assembly of Suriname The Congress building The Court of Justice and the Ministry of Finance. It is one of the most prolific and best maintained examples of Dutch colonial architecture in Suriname and is part of the UNESCO world Heritage site of the Paramaribo inner-city.
 Remy Dezengremel House is a historic home and farm complex located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. The limestone farmhouse was built in the 1850s and has three sections: a 1 1⁄2-story main block; a side wing and a 1-story ell off the wing. Also on the property are a barn silo and shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Castle Goring is a grade one listed country house in Worthing in Sussex England.The building to some extent defies categorisation being neither fully a castle nor is it fully in Goring. The word is often used for English country houses constructed after the castle-building era (c.1500) and not intended for a military function.
 Sacro Cuore di Gesú al Castro Pretorio (English: Sacred Heart of Jesus at the Praetorian Barracks) is a Roman Catholic parish and titular church in Rome Italy. It was built in 1887 by Francesco Vespignani. Dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus the church is served by the Salesians. It has an adjoining boarding-school of arts and industries.The church was elevated to minor basilica status in 1921.
 Jane's Saddlebag located near Big Bone Lick State Park in Union Kentucky is a hands on historic educational experience complete with the old restored Saddlebag home 100-year-old mortise and tenon barn original stone smokehouse life size replica of a 1700s-style flatboat and live farm animals in the petting zoo. The Jane's Saddlebag house was completely refurbished in 2003 and maintains most of its original saddlebag style qualities.
 Mas (farmhouse) (pronounced as either mah or mahs) is a New American and French restaurant located at 39 Downing Street (between Bedford Street and Varick Street) in the West Village in Manhattan in New York City. It was established in 2004.In old Provençal dialect mas means a traditional stone farmhouse and the restaurant emulates that theme.
 The Adams-Pickering Block (1873) is a Second Empire-style commercial block on Main St. in Bangor Maine. Designed by architect George W. Orff it is individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural significance. It is unusual in having an entirely granite facade with cast-iron trim. Its mansard roof is faced with Maine slate.The block was constructed on the site of The Main Street Fire of 1872 which killed one and injured 8.George W.
 Vincent Forge Mansion also known as Young's Forge Mansion and Kerry Dell Farm is a historic home located in East Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1770 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay stone dwelling with a gable roof and pent. It was originally the ironmaster's home and office at an 18th-century iron forge. The forge operated from about 1760 to 1800. The house later became a farm house.
 The Stafford Hill Memorial is a stone memorial on Stafford Hill Road in Cheshire Massachusetts. The memorial was built in 1927 to commemorate the grave site of Joab (als spelled Jorab) Stafford who settled in what is now Cheshire in 1767. The stone structure was designed as a replica of a stone tower in Rhode Island where Stafford came from.Joab Stafford after settling in Cheshire formed a militia company that fought in the Battle of Bennington in August 1777.
 The Holly Hill Municipal Building (also known as the Holly Hill City Hall) is a historic building in Holly Hill Florida United States. It is located at 1065 Ridgewood Avenue. On April 8 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Southern Museum of Flight is an aviation museum located three blocks east of the Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport in Birmingham Alabama. It features a valuable collection of aviation artifacts spanning the 20th century in the various areas of aviation. It explores eight decades of winged history with both military and civil aircraft.[citation needed]Also featured are the 1953 defection of Lt.
 Fell's Point is a historic waterfront neighborhood in the southeastern area of the City of Baltimore in Maryland along the north shore of the Baltimore Harbor and the Northwest Branch of the Patapsco River. There are many shops including antique stores restaurants coffee bars music stores a municipal markethouse with individual stalls and over 120 pubs.
 The National Palace (or Palacio Nacional in Spanish) is the seat of the federal executive in Mexico. It is located on Mexico City's main square the Plaza de la Constitución (El Zócalo). This site has been a palace for the ruling class of Mexico since the Aztec empire and much of the current palace's building materials are from the original one that belonged to Moctezuma II.
 Samuel Cummings (7 February 1927 - 29 April 1998) was an American small arms dealer. He founded the International Armament Corporation (also known as Interarms or Interarmco) in 1953 a company which came to dominate the free world market in private arms sales.
 Saint Hripsimé Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Հռիփսիմե եկեղեցի) is one of the oldest surviving churches in Armenia. The church was erected by Catholicos Komitas atop the original mausoleum built by Catholicos Sahak the Great in 395 AD that contained the remains of the martyred Saint Hripsimé to whom the church was dedicated. The structure was completed in 618 AD. It is known for its fine Armenian-style architecture of the classical period which has influenced many other Armenian churches since.
 Paramount Bay is a high-rise condominium building in the Edgewater Neighborhood adjacent to the Omni District of Miami Florida United States. It stands 554.92 feet (169.14 m) with 47 floors. The building was topped off in late 2009. It was designed by the Arquitectonica architectural firm and recently I-Star Financial and ST Residential have take control of the project and are reinventing the property to bring to market in the second quarter of 2011.
 The Greenfield Hill Grange #133 is a Queen Anne style building in Fairfield in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Built in 1897 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Central State Hospital is a 192-bed adult psychiatric hospital located in eastern Louisville-Jefferson County Kentucky. In 1869 land was bought from the Hite family from the same original grant that would become nearby Anchorage Kentucky. It was built on Lakeland Drive on the outskirts of Anchorage and it initially housed the Home for Juvenile Delinquents at Lakeland. In 1873 it was converted into the state's fourth lunatic asylum and renamed Central Kentucky Lunatic Asylum.
 Yokena Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building in Vicksburg Mississippi.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Exempla Lutheran Medical Center is a hospital in Wheat Ridge Colorado.
 Domkirche St. Marien (English: St. Mary's Cathedral) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sankt Georg Hamburg Germany and the metropolitan cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hamburg (as of 1995). The cathedral stands in Danziger Straße and was built between 1890 and 1893 to the designs of Arnold Güldenpfennig.
 The Lemuel Shattuck Hospital Correctional Unit is a 23 bed medium security facility located on the eighth floor of the Lemuel Shattuck Hospital in Jamaica Plain Massachusetts. This facility serves as the primary acute medical care facility for inmates in the state prison system. This unit is under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
 The JAKA Tower was a planned office skyscraper in Makati City Philippines. It was designed by the architectural firm Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum and was to be the first highrise project of Senator Juan Ponce Enrile and the then fledging JAKA Property Group. Construction started in 1996 and was scheduled for completion by 1999.It was designed to rise 49 stories high with a height of 185.9 metres to its roof.
 Georgetown Public Hospital in Georgetown Guyana is the country's largest hospital. Its Seaman's Ward the oldest section was constructed in 1838. The hospital is government-run with a capacity of 600 beds although not all are used due to staff shortages.
 On 2 November 1902 the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery bought 96.5 acres (391000 m2) of land that was owned by the city of Charleston South Carolina adjoining the northwest side of the Navy Yard.Later transfers to the Navy Yard reduced the acreage to 43.14 acres (174600 m2) the number of acres recorded in hospital records as of 1 November 1949.
 Baku Museum of Miniature Books-is the only museum of miniature books in the world settled in the old part of Baku called Inner City. Its activity started on April 2 2002.
 Spring Valley Christian Church Site is a historic site on Spring Valley Road 0.5 miles east of Hardwick Center in Hardwick Township Warren County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Gov. H. Guy Kump House is a historic home located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was designed by noted Washington D.C.-architect Clarence L. Harding and built in 1924-1925 as a home for West Virginia Governor Herman G. Kump (1877–1962) and his wife Edna Hall Scott Kump (1887–1957). It is a 2 1/2-story 42 foot square red brick dwelling with a steeply pitched slate covered gable roof.
 The grounds of Haden Hill House known as Haden Hill Park are situated at Haden Hill near Halesowen in the heart of the West Midlands England.
 Benjamin Young House in Stevensville Montana also known as Cole House was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Catholic Cathedral of Limburg also known as Georgsdom or Limburger Dom in German after its dedication to Saint George is located above the old town of Limburg in Hesse Germany. It is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Limburg. Its high location on a rock above the Lahn provides its visibility from far away. The building is one of the most perfect buildings of the late Romanesque style.
 Ruine Schmirnberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Peter known locally as the Old Stone Church is located on US 9 in the Town of Rhinebeck New York United States. It is a stone church built in the late 18th century by the area's Palatine German immigrant population. It has been renovated significantly since then.
 55 Water Street is a 687-foot (209 m) tall skyscraper in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan New York City on the East River. It was completed in 1972 and has 53 floors. Emery Roth & Sons designed the building which is tied with 277 Park Avenue as the 40th tallest building in New York City. When it was completed it was the largest office building in the world and is still the largest in New York by floor area.
 Iglesia de San Emeterio (Sietes) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the mid 16th century.
 The Iris Bay is a 32-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 170 m (558 ft). Construction of the Iris Bay was expected to be completed in 2008 but progress stopped in 2011 and building is on hold.
 Oxford-Crown Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Chatham Congress Crown Pleasant Oxford Streets and Oxford Place in Worcester Massachusetts.The district contains Mid 19th Century Revival Greek Revival and Renaissance architecture.
 The Richard Barker Octagon House is a historic octagon house located at 312 Plantation Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built sometime before 1866 it is a rare example of on octagon house built using gravel and stucco. The stucco has been incised to resemble masonry and the corners have plain pilasters rising to paired brackets at the roof line. The building once had a cupola.On March 5 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District is a neighborhood and historic district on the western side of the city of Sidney Ohio United States. Located a short distance northwest of the city's downtown the Walnut Avenue District has been Sidney's premier residential neighborhood since its creation in the late nineteenth century.Fifteen houses compose the district which is located on the sides and top of a small hill.
 Granger Community Church is a United Methodist megachurch located in Granger Indiana USA near South Bend. It was founded in 1986 by Mark Beeson who is currently the senior pastor. The church has seven weekend services with approximately 5500 attendees making it the third-largest United Methodist church in the United States.Granger Community Church is a multi-site church. The service times at the Granger Campus are Saturdays at 5:00 and 7:00 p.m. and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:30 a.m.
 Jonathan M. Bennett House also known as Louis Bennett Public Library is a historic home located at Weston Lewis County West Virginia. It was built in 1874-1875 and is a 17 room mansion in the High Victorian Italianate style. It features a 4 1/2 story entrance tower with a mansard roof. It also has heavy wooden brackets on the tower and verandah a balustraded tower balcony and an elaborate bargeboard. it was left by Mrs.
 The Burkle Estate is a historic home at 826 North Second Street in Memphis Tennessee. It is also known as the Slavehaven. Although disputed by some historians the Burkle Estate is claimed by some to have been part of the Underground Railroad a secret network of way stations to help slaves escape to freedom in the northern states. The house was constructed in 1849 by a German immigrant by the name of Jacob Burkle.Since 1997 the estate is home to the Slave Haven Underground Railroad Museum.
 Thermidor is a former restaurant located in Kapellebrug Hulst in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1973 and the period 1975-1981.Rien Versprille was head chef.The building became a gambling house until it was closed down by the Dutch Revenue Service in 2002. The building is demolished after a fire in 2004.
 Hingene Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Hingene also known as the Kasteel d'Ursel) is a stately home in Hingene in the municipality of Bornem province of Antwerp Belgium. The estate was the summer residence of the House of Ursel. The Dukes of Ursel and their family resided for 350 years on the estate. Its original view can be seen in the Flandria Illustrata. A famous resident was Conrard-Albert first Duke of Ursel (1665-1738).
 Power Plant and Dam No. 4 is a historic hydroelectric power generation station on the Potomac River located near Shepherdstown on the county line between Berkeley and Jefferson County West Virginia. The power plant is a tall one-story limestone building on a high stone foundation. It is five bays long and has a gable roof. The building is built into a hillside so the main floor is the top floor.
 The Maximos Mansion (Greek: Μέγαρο Μαξίμου) is since 1982 the official seat of the Prime Minister of Greece. It is located in downtown Athens Greece near Syntagma Square. Although the building shelters the offices of the Head of the Greek Government it is also the official residence of the Prime Minister.
 Capel Lligwy (sometimes referred to as Hen Capel Lligwy) is a ruined chapel near Rhos Lligwy in Anglesey north Wales dating back to the first half of the 12th century. The chapel's original purpose is unknown but it might have been used as a memorial chapel or in connection with a local royal court or as a chapel of ease in a large parish with a growing population.
 St Mary's Church Acton Burnell is in the village of Acton Burnell Shropshire England and stands near the ruins of Acton Burnell Castle. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of St Andrew and St Mary Condover St Mark Frodesley and St Michael and All Angels Pitchford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Iglesia de Santo Tomás (Coro) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Castle Cinema is a former cinema building located adjacent to the grounds of Swansea Castle in Swansea south Wales. According to Kinematograph year book of 1914 the Castle opened in October 1913.It was the only building left standing in Swansea's Castle Street vicinity after the Nazi German Luftwaffe bombing raids during the Second World War. It is a grade II listed structure.In 1963 the Castle Cinema changed its manager (Mr.
 Thomas Chapel C.M.E. Church is a historic church on Moscow Avenue in Hickman Kentucky.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Williamsport Historic District is a national historic district at Williamsport Washington County Maryland United States. The district consists of the historic core of this town. Almost 20 percent of the buildings in the district date from the late 18th and early 19th centuries. They are generally of log or brick construction until the second quarter of the 19th century.
 The Emir Qurqumas Complex is located in Medieval Cairo Egypt in the City of the dead. It is one of the largest mausoleums in Cairo.
 Armory Block is a historic block at 39-45 Park Street in Adams Massachusetts. It is one of the four large brick buildings on Park Street along with the P. J. Barrett Block Jones Block and the Mausert Block opposite the Town Hall. It was built in 1894 by A.J. Daniel a developer from a locally prominent family. The building was built in c. 1895 to serve as an armory for the Massachusetts National Guard a role it fulfilled until new facilities were built in 1914.
 Garnet High School also known as Garnet Career Center and Garnet Adult Education Center is a historic African American high school located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a three story brick structure constructed in 1928-29 from the plans of the prestigious Charleston architectural firm of Warne Tucker Silling and Hutchison and dedicated December 2–4 1929. The facade features a limestone arched entrance containing two sets of double doors transom light and a limestone tympanum.
 Taney Place is a historic home located at Adelina Calvert County Maryland United States. It is a simple two-story hip-roofed Georgian-style country house dating from about 1750. Roger Brooke Taney (1777–1864) who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1836 to 1864 was born and raised at Taney Place.Taney Place was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Confederate Monument in Murray is a historic statue located in the northeast corner of the Calloway County Courthouse in Murray Kentucky.The fountain was funded after three years by the J. N. Williams Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy in 1917 whose chairman died during that period; her name was placed upon the monument in tribute. The U.D.C. paid $2500 to Marietta Georgia's McNeel Monument Company for the monument.The 16.5-foot-tall (5.0 m) monument has three parts.
 William Barnwell House is a house in Beaufort South Carolina. It may be included in the Beaufort Historic District a National Historic Landmark.It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Ardmore Avenue Train Station is one of two former Chicago Aurora and Elgin Railroad (CA&E) stations in Villa Park Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 SM City Marilao is a major mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is on MacArthur Highway Brgy. Ibayo Marilao Bulacan Philippines. This is the first SM Supermall in Bulacan Province with a land area of 203000 sq.m and a floor area of 88654 sq.m.
 Corby Farm Complex is a historic farm complex located near Honeoye Falls in Livingston County New York. The complex consists of the farmhouse and the following contributing structures: garage smokehouse pump house clothes drying pole privy barn two silos and gate posts. The farmhouse consists of a 2 1⁄2-story main block with 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing built in the mid-19th century and remodeled in 1877 and again about 1900.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens is a municipal museum in Sunderland England. It contains the only known British example of a gliding reptile the oldest known vertebrate capable of gliding flight. The exhibit was discovered in Eppleton quarry.It was established in 1846 in the Athenaeum Building on Fawcett Street the first municipally funded museum in the country outside of London.
 Holy Trinity Church Headington Quarry is located in the district of Headington Quarry Oxford England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Oxford.
 The Odeon Theatre in Christchurch was the oldest masonry theatre in New Zealand and one of only three remaining purpose-built 19th-century theatres in the country. The building has had different names over the years and was put to many different uses. It was damaged beyond repair in the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and partially demolished in September 2012.
 The McHaffey Opera House is an historic structure located in Eldon Iowa United States. It was constructed in 1891 and in use by the community through the 1940s. The building was mainly unused for many decades until a volunteer community group bought the opera house in 1995 and began restoration efforts. The McHaffey Opera House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in November 1995.
 Dolní Počernice is an architectural monument located at 1 Národních hrdinů street in Dolní Počernice near the dike Počernický fishpond and a local English park. It is protected as a cultural monument of Czech Republic. Currently an orphanage is located there. Next to the castle is a small church from the 12th century which originally was built in Romanesque style.
 Hov Church (Norwegian: Hov kyrkje) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Sunndalsøra. The church is part of the Hov parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1887 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 350 people.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law also referred to as the Brisbane Supreme and District Court is a court building located at 415 George Street in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is a new purpose-built building for the Supreme Court of Queensland and the District Court of Queensland. Together with the Brisbane Magistrates Court building it creates a new legal precinct in Brisbane which occupies an entire city block between George Street Roma Street and Turbot Street.
 The Silverwater Women's Correctional Centre (formerly known as the Mulawa Correctional Centre) is an Australian female prison facility located in Holker Street Silverwater a suburb 21 kilometres (13 mi) from the Sydney city center. It is located within the Silverwater Correctional Centre which houses male prisoners and other facilities. As of 2008 the facility is being expanded.[citation needed]Fraud is the most common reason for imprisonment.
 Saint Guthlac's Church Market Deeping is a parish church of the Church of England in Market Deeping Lincolnshire England.
 St. Stanislaus Seminary is a former Society of Jesus (Jesuits) seminary in Florissant Missouri. It was the longest continuously operated Jesuit novitiate in the United States.
 The Brandon-Bell-Collier House is a house in Fulton in the state of Missouri in the central United States. It was built in stages between about 1862 and 1917. From 1900 to 1902 it was owned by Fulton architect Morris Frederick Bell who undertook a major remodelling expanding the house to two stories and incorporating elements of the Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architectural styles.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Seth Wetmore House is a residence built in the Center-Hall Colonial style in 1746 at 1066 Washington Street Middletown Connecticut.It was built of Clapboard siding Brownstone foundation with asphalt shingle roof using a structural system of Wood Frame Post and Beam with Gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1970.
 The Coombe Women & Infants University Hospital (Irish: Ospidéal Ollscoile Ban ⁊ Naíonán an Chúim ) is a teaching hospital providing a range of medical services to both women and newborn infants founded in 1826 by Mrs. Margaret Boyle in Dublin Ireland.
 The Oliver H. Hovda House also known as Hovda House is a historic Classical Revival style house on N. Woodward St. in Absarokee Montana that was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was built by carpenter Jacob Wagner for Oliver Hovda young businessman and postmaster of Absarokee which had been founded in an area of Crow Indian reservation that was opened to settlement in 1892.
 The Albertina Kerr Nursery is a building located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 {Château de Bellegarde is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.|Château de Bellegarde is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.fr:Château de Bellegarde (Lamonzie-Montastruc)}
 The Sidney A. Hill House is a historic house at 31 Chestnut Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style Victorian wood frame house was built c. 1895 for Sidney A. Hill a partner in a shoe manufacturing business.
 House at 378 Glen Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1886 and is a two story clapboard sided residence with a sweeping gable roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a two story porch that surrounds the building and has lattice work on the first floor scrollsawn corner braces balustrade and decorative detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity at Chantry in the parish of Whatley Somerset England dates from 1844–46. It was designed by George Gilbert Scott and William Moffatt with further work by William George Brown of Frome for James Fussell who owned the Old Ironstone Works Mells. It is a Grade I listed building.The small Doulting stone church has a nave chancel porch and vestry.
 The Museum of the Risorgimento (Museo del Risorgimento) located in the 18th-century Milanese Palazzo Moriggia houses a collection of objects and artworks which illustrate the history of Italian unification from Napoleon's first Italian campaign of 1796 to the annexation of Rome in 1870.
 SM City Iloilo is a shopping mall in the Philippines owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the 8th SM Supermall built by Henry Sy Sr. the biggest shopping mall in Western Visayas and second to SM City Cebu in the entire Visayas. It is located along Senator Benigno Aquino Jr. Avenue (formerly Jaro West Diversion Road) in the district of Mandurriao in Iloilo City. It has a land area of 170000 m2 (1800000 sq ft) and a total gross floor area of 105953 m2 (1140470 sq ft).
 Amelia Earhart Birthplace is a historic building and museum that was the birthplace of aviator Amelia Earhart. It is located at 223 N. Terrace in Atchison Kansas United States.The house was built in 1861 in a Gothic Revival style and is on a bluff overlooking the Missouri River. In 1897 Amelia Earhart was born in the home which belonged to her maternal grandfather Alfred Gideon Otis (1827–1912) a former judge president of the Atchison Savings Bank and a leading citizen in Atchison.
 New Rochelle Mall (also known as the Macy's Mall) was an enclosed shopping mall located in the downtown business district of the suburban city of New Rochelle Westchester County New York and which closed in 1996.The mall complex covered four large downtown blocks and was composed of 100 retail shops covering 338000 square feet (31400 m2) a three-level 250000-square-foot (23000 m2) department store and a 1900-car garage.It also included a 1204-seat Century Mall Theater as well as being linked to an adjacent eight-story office building and hotel tower both of which still remain.Plans were in the works for the mall to undergo a $30 million 50 percent expansion with the addition of a 12-story building that was to include a 12-screen movie theater and eight floors of offices. 
 Demarest House in Oradell Bergen County New Jersey United States was built in 1819 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 W.T. Blackwell & Co. Tobacco Factory also known as Bull Durham Tobacco Factory is a tobacco factory in Durham North Carolina.The W.T. Blackwell Company was started as a partnership between W.T. Blackwell and Julian S. Carr. Construction of the main factory building was completed in 1874.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.
 Era Square (also known as Terminal 2) is a mixed development project located in Seremban Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia. It was developed and is maintained by Era Baru Sdn Bhd.Era Square is located within 2 km proximity to the PLUS NSE (exiting the Seremban Interchange) and is accessible via domestic bus services (500m from Terminal One).
 The Bacon-Morse Historic District encompasses a historic rural village center in Southbridge Massachusetts. It consists of a collection of houses and barns as well as a cemetery at the intersection of North Woodstock and Tipton Rock Roads. Its name comes from the early settlers of the area who included families named Morse and Bacon.
 Fort Macon State Park is a North Carolina state park in Carteret County North Carolina in the United States. Located on Bogue Banks near Atlantic Beach the park opened in 1936.
 The Estrela Basilica (Portuguese: Basílica da Estrela) or Royal Basilica and Convent of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus is a basilica and ancient carmelite convent in Lisbon Portugal built by order of Queen Maria I of Portugal as a fulfilled promise for giving birth to a son (José Prince of Brazil). The official name of the church is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
 Green Memorial A.M.E. Zion Church (also known as Abyssinian Congregational Church and Society) is a historic church at 46 Sheridan Street in Portland Maine.It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Penshaw Monument (/ˈpɛnʃə/) officially The Earl of Durham's Monument is a folly built in 1844 on Penshaw Hill between the districts of Washington and Houghton-le-Spring within the City of Sunderland North East England. It is dedicated to John Lambton (1792–1840) 1st Earl of Durham and the first Governor of the Province of Canada.
 Isaac Meier Homestead also known as the The Old Fort Isaac Myer Homestead and Isaac Myers Homestead is a historic home located at Myerstown Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story 3-bay wide limestone residence. It has a 1 1/2-story kitchen wing that pre-dates the main house. It is one of the oldest buildings in Myerstown and the home of its founder Isaac Meier.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Opened on May 24 1998 the Marguerite Bourgeoys Museum is located on the shores of the Saint Lawrence River in the historic centre of Old Montreal. Exhibits focus on Marguerite Bourgeoys Montreal's first teacher and founder of the Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel who lived during the 17th century.
 The Hotel New Grand (ホテルニューグランド) (JASDAQ: 9720) is a historic hotel in Yokohama Japan overlooking Yamashita Park. It opened in 1927 four years after the Great Kantō earthquake devastated much of the city.
 The Oroville Chinese Temple was built in 1863 as a community center for the substantial Chinese population of Oroville California. It was originally composed of three parts: the Chan Room for Confucian meditation the Moon Temple for Buddhist rites and the Council Room for community functions. The Emperor and Empress of China provided funds for the construction and furnishings. Flooding in 1907 led to an exodus of Chinese from the Oroville area leaving the temple largely unused.
 The Summers County Courthouse in Hinton West Virginia is a red brick Romanesque Revival or late Victorian building originally constructed in 1875-76. The building was remodeled between 1893 and 1898 by architect Frank Pierce Milburn who added octagonal turrets at the corners. A 1923 addition followed suit with another square with two towers. A plan 1930s addition followed.
 Alvarado Park (formerly Grand Canyon Park) is a subsection of Wildcat Canyon Regional Park in Richmond California and is a National Historic Place. It is located at the mouth of Wildcat Canyon is the Alvarado Park section. Between 1909 and 1923 Alvarado Park was a private park that was owned and operated by local residents. In 1923 it was donated to the city of Richmond. Later it was admitted into the East Bay Regional Park District.
 The Dimco buildings are a historic structure in White City London just north of Shepherd's Bush. Originally built in 1898 they were constructed as a shed for the Central Line London Underground power station.Today the Dimco Buildings house a bus station located next to the Westfield London shopping centre one of the largest in Europe.
 Daniel Davis House and Barn also known as Fair Meadow is a historic home and barn located in Birmingham Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The serpentine core of the house was built in 1740. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay double pile dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 2 1/2-story three bay wing with a gable roof and a frame addition constructed in 1935.
 Church of Our Lady of Lourdes is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 472 West 142nd Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1901. The present church was built that year for $80000 to designs by the O'Reilly Brothers of 121 East 44th Street out of the architectural fragments of three significant works of demolished New York architecture.
 Wells Fargo Center is a 129 m (423 ft) office building in downtown Sacramento California. Construction on the skyscraper began in 1990 with completion in 1992 and yet stands as the tallest building in the city. The building occupies a 2.3-acre (0.93 ha) city block and features a five-story granite and marble walled interior within a clear glass atrium. The project was developed by William Wilson & Associates in partnership with Crocker Properties.
 The National Children’s Museum (NCM) is an interactive museum for children serving the Washington D.C. metro area. In 2003 the United States Congress designated NCM as the only national museum dedicated entirely to children and their families.The museum's exhibits and programming are designed for children to learn through play and focus on six core content areas: the arts civic engagement the environment global citizenship health and well being and play.
 The AIA Tower (Chinese: 友邦廣場) is a skyscraper located in the North Point area of Hong Kong. It was named after American International Assurance a former member of American International Group which occupies 12 floors of the building.
 The H. P. Thomas House is an historic house at 322 Somerset Avenue in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 The Ben Johnson House is in the northern outskirts of Bardstown Kentucky. It was built in 1851 in a Greek Revival style for state senator and lieutenant governor William Johnson. The house's name comes from William's son Ben Johnson who was a state senator for two decades and was on the Kentucky High Commission for 16 years.
 Academy Street School is a historic school complex located at Salem Virginia. The complex consists of two buildings; the first built in 1890 and the annex about 1903. They are connected by a hyphen. The 1890 building is a two-story three bay brick building with a projecting three-story tower and hipped roof. The 1903 annex building is a two-story L-shaped brick building with a hipped roof and one-story frame porch.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Honeymoon Creek Snow-Survey Cabin also known as Seven Lakes Cabin near Ashland Oregon was built in 1943. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Romano-Germanic Central Museum (German: Römisch-Germanisches Zentralmuseum (RGZM)) is an archaeological and historical research institution for pre-history and early history headquartered in Mainz. It is supported by the Federal Republic of Germany and its states and is a member of the Leibniz Association of German research institutions.The institution studies the Old World and its contact zones from the Stone Age to the Middle Ages.
 Emamzadeh Shah Zeyd (Persian: امامزاده شاه زید‎) is an imamzadeh in Isfahan Iran. It belongs to the early Safavid era. It is well known for paintings on its walls. These paintings are about the Battle of Karbala. Cavalries are in in the most parts of the paintings but there are also other elements such as veiled women dead bodies birds mosques and even flowers and nightingales.
 Gerry Building is a high-rise building in the Fashion District of Los Angeles. Built in 1947 the Streamline Moderne style building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. View The Gerry Building tenants list and Market Schedule at www.gerrybuildingshowrooms.com
 The Co-Cathedral of St. Thomas More is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Tallahassee Florida United States. Along with the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Pensacola it is the seat of the Diocese of Pensacola-Tallahassee. St. Thomas More also provides the Catholic Campus Ministry at Florida State University.The Altar Relics of the Co-Cathedral are of Saint Felix and Saint Felicity.
 The Donald and Ruth McGraw House located in the Dunthorpe neighborhood of Multnomah County Oregon just outside the Portland municipal boundary is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was designed by architect Jamieson Parker.
 The Alipore Jail or Alipore Central Jail (Bengali: আলিপুর কেন্দ্রীয় সংশোধনাগার) is a prison in Alipore Kolkata where political prisoners were kept under British rule among them Subhas Chandra Bose. It is still in operation. It also houses the Alipore Jail Press.
 Magnolia Manor is a postbellum manor located in Cairo Illinois located in Alexander County. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since December 17 1969.The house is operated as a Victorian period historic house museum by the Cairo Historical Association.
 The Asa Locke House is a historic house at 68 High Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1831 and 1857 by Asa Locke the son of a local farmer and is a well-preserved example of a side-hall Italianate farmhouse. Its windows rest on bracketed sills and its door is framed by transom and sidelight windows.
 The Henry Clay Frick Fine Arts Building is a landmark Renaissance villa and a contributing property to the Schenley Farms-Oakland Civic Historic District on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The Frick Fine Arts Building sits on the southern edge of Schenley Plaza opposite The Carnegie Institute and is the home of Pitt’s History of Art and Architecture Department Studio Arts Department and the Frick Fine Arts Library.
 180 Brisbane is a skyscraper under construction in Brisbane Queensland Australia. The site is owned by Daisho.The modern style office building will be located at 180 Ann Street in the Brisbane central business district. The building was nicknamed the Brisbane River Tower as the building facade will be showing a huge imprint of the Brisbane River.Construction of the tower was delayed due to a slump in Brisbane's commercial property market. Completion is expected in the middle/late 2015.
 Astoria City Hall is the current city hall for the town of Astoria Oregon United States. Built in 1923 to house a bank the building became the city hall in 1939 and it has remained Astoria's seat of government for more than 70 years.
 Seville Theatre also known as the Bryn Mawr Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Lower Merion Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1926 and is a two-story three bay wide rectangular steel frame building in the Beaux-Arts style. It measures 56 feet wide and 265 feet deep. It was designed by noted theatre architect William Harold Lee (1884-1971).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Museu Calouste Gulbenkian (Calouste Gulbenkian Museum) is a museum in Lisbon Portugal containing a collection of ancient and some modern art. The museum was founded according to Calouste Gulbenkian's last will in order to accommodate and display Gulbenkian's art collection belonging now to the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation.
 The Little Red Schoolhouse in West Farmington Maine also known as Briggs Schoolhouse is an historic school built in 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Aztec Student Union is a student union in the center of San Diego State University's campus just east of Malcolm A. Love Library. The Aztec Student Union was known as the Aztec Center from 1968-2011 when it was demolished for the Aztec Student Union. The Aztec Student Union leads into the heart of the SDSU campus and is located near many classrooms and administrative services.
 Lulu City was a transient mining town in eastern Grand County Colorado in the Kawuneeche Valley in what is now Rocky Mountain National Park. The town appeared after silver was discovered in the area in 1879 by prospector Joe Shipler and was built primarily by the Middle Park and Grand River Land Improvement Company in 1880. The company was backed by Benjamin F. Burnett of Fort Collins and Fort Collins rancher William Baker. The town was named after Burnett's daughter.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Oakdale (FCI Oakdale) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Louisiana. It is part of the Oakdale Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Oakdale is located in central Louisiana 35 miles south of Alexandria and 58 miles north of Lake Charles.
 Queenstown Rosenwald School also known as Sunnyside School is a historic Rosenwald school building located at Severn in Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It was built in 1932 and is a plain one-story frame building. The building contained two classrooms and a library. The school closed in 1966 and subsequently became the Queenstown Community Center.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Phillips Mansion is a Second Empire style historic house in Pomona Los Angeles County California. It was built in 1875 by Louis Phillips who by the 1890s had become the wealthiest man in Los Angeles County. Situated along the Butterfield Stage route the Phillips Mansion became a center of community activity in the Pomona and Spadra area.
 The Upper Paris Bridge is an historic structure located near the town of Coggon in rural Linn County Iowa United States. The pinned Whipple through truss bridge was built in 1879. It was designed by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company of Canton Ohio. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 Old Wye Church is a historic Episcopal church at Wye Mills Talbot County Maryland. It is a one-story gable-roofed rectangular brick structure originally constructed in 1717-1721. It was extensively renovated in 1854 and restored to its 18th century appearance in 1947-1949.
 The Masonic Temple-Hoquiam in Hoquiam Washington was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Kent Fort was a fort and settlement located near 38.84°N 76.37°W﻿ / 38.84; -76.37 on southern Kent Island in colonial Virginia and later Maryland and was the first English settlement within the boundaries of present-day Maryland and the third oldest permanent English settlement in the United States after Jamestown Virginia (1607) and Plymouth Massachusetts (1620). The fort was established by William Claiborne in 1631 and was a central part of early Kent Island.
 The Appanoose County Courthouse is located in the center of the Courthouse Square Historic District in the county seat of Centerville Iowa. The architects were Smith and Gage of Des Moines Iowa. In February 1903 the contract exclusive of heating and plumbing was awarded to William Peatman the amount of his bid being $69900. The cornerstone was laid on May 21 1903. The courthouse was dedicated on September 12 1904 and rededicated in a festive ceremony on September 12 2004.
 Philadelphia School of Occupational Therapy also known as the Medical Services Building is a historic school building located in the Rittenhouse Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is a three-story five-bay U-shaped brown brick building in the Art Deco style. It was built in 1930 as a two-story building; a third story was added in 1939. The front facade features sculptural iron panels sandstone carvings and two-story brick pilasters with decorative caps.
 Combined Military Hospitals (CMHs) are base hospitals of Pakistan Armed Forces situated in various cantonments.
 St Bartholomew's Church is a parish church of the Church of England in Lostwithiel Cornwall United Kingdom.
 German Presbyterian Church and Hortonville Cemetery also known as Hortonville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at CR 121 and CR 131 in Hortonville Sullivan County New York. The church was built about 1860 and is a one story rectangular wood frame building 27 feet long and 41 feet wide. It features a steep gable roof with two stage tower and small spire.
 Finglesham Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used from the sixth to the eighth centuries CE. It is located adjacent to the village of Finglesham near Sandwich in Kent South East England. Belonging to the Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.Finglesham was an inhumation-only cemetery with no evidence of cremation.
 McCain Mall is the largest enclosed shopping mall by leasable area in the Little Rock metropolitan area located near Interstate 40 in North Little Rock Arkansas. The shopping hub was officially dedicated in April 1973 although its primary anchor Little Rock-based Pfiefer-Blass had opened for business in late 1972. Among its 80 stores and services were a J.G. McCrory 5 and 10 and McCain Mall Cinema I and II.
 The North Stradbroke Island Historical Museum is a museum founded in 1987 to present the history of North Stradbroke Island. It is found at 15-17 Welsby Street in Dunwich on North Stradbroke Island. The museum comprises four buildings: the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum the main building the Herdsman's Hut and a replica of the first Dunwich Post Office.
 Nanjing Olympic Suning Tower is a skyscraper under construction in Nanjing Jiangsu China. It is expected to be completed in 2017.
 The Torrington Fire Department Headquarters is located in Torrington Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1901 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31 1987.
 Middle Mountain Cabins are a set of three historic cabins located in the Monongahela National Forest near Wymer Randolph County West Virginia. They were built in 1931 and consist of the Main Cabin and Cabins 1 and 2. The Main Cabin is a one-story rectangular stained log building measuring approximately 22 feet by 20 feet. It has a gable roof and full-length porch. Cabins 1 and 2 are mirror-images of each other.
 The International Finance Complex is a 52 story complex that is in the process of being built in Phnom Penh Cambodia near the Tonle Bassac River. The complex which will cover an area of 737000 square feet (68500 m2) will cost about $1 billion. The project will include a main office tower which is 52 storeys tall making it the tallest building in all of Cambodia once it is completed. This tower will be surrounded by 6 smaller buildings each standing 32 floors tall.
 Central Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Port Arthur Texas. Opened in 1982 it features Bealls Bed Bath & Beyond Dillard's J. C. Penney Sears Target TJ Maxx and a movie theater.
 The Scottish Rite Cathedral is a historic building designed by architect George F. Schreiber located in downtown Indianapolis Indiana United States. It is owned by the Valley of Indianapolis Scottish Rite an affiliated body of Freemasonry. It was built between 1927 and 1929 at the cost of $2.5 million.
 The Sun Life Centre in Toronto Ontario was built in 1984 to house the Toronto operations of Sun Life ( now Sun Life Financial) and is now corporate headquarters for Sun Life.Located at the corner of King Street West and University Avenue the taller East Tower is in the Financial District while the slightly shorter West Tower is located in the area known as the Entertainment District.The top floor of East tower as well as space on 16th and 25th floor is occupied by the St.
 75 State Street is a high-rise building located in the Financial District Boston Massachusetts. The design architect was Gund Architects of Boston in association with Skidmore Owings and Merrill. The 31-story building rises to a height of 118.9 metres (390 ft) and has a floor area of 93088 square metres (1001990 sq ft).The building is currently managed by Brookfield Properties.
 Żółwieniec Transmitter (Radio Television Transmitting Centre Konin-Żółwieniec) is a guyed steel mast 320 m high built in 1992. Put in the commune Ślesin in the Konin County Greater Poland Voivodeship in the vicinity of the north lakeside of Ślesin.
 Panteón Otero-Martínez also known as Otero-Martinez Mausoleum was built in 1886. It is located in the Old Bega Baja Cemetery in Vega Baja Puerto Rico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Panteon Otero-Martinez in 1984.
 The Bank of America Plaza is a 503 feet (153 m) 40-story skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It is the 5th tallest in the city. It contains 887079 square feet (82412 m2) of rentable area of which 75000 sq ft (7000 m2) of retail space and the rest office space. The tower also has below-grade parking garage has space for 456 vehicles and leases a nearby five-level garage providing 730 additional parking spaces.
 Brekke Church (Norwegian: Brekke kyrkje) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Brekke. The church is part of the Brekke parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 390 seats was consecrated on 19 November 1862 by the local Dean Thomas Erichsen. The architect Christian Henrik Grosch made the designs for the church which is the third church on the site.
 The Renfrew County Courthouse is a designated heritage property and operational courthouse in Pembroke Ontario Canada.
 Roslyn National Bank and Trust Company Building is a historic commercial building located at Roslyn in Nassau County New York. It was designed by noted architect William Tubby (1858 - 1944) and built in 1931. Located on the corner of Old Northern Boulevard and Remsen Avenue it is a one story rectangular brick building with a flat roof in a modified Classical Revival style.
 Stranda Church (Norwegian: Stranda kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leksvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vanvikan. The church is part of the Leksvik parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was constructed in 1897 and was consecrated on 4 May 1897. The church was built to replace an older church in Hindrem just north of Seter.
 Zachariah Ferris House was a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1718 and 1749 and was an example of an early farmhouse continually occupied by professional and working families. It was a two-story brick dwelling measuring 29 feet wide and 18 feet deep with a gable roof. It featured a panel of brickwork between the two windows of the second floor where two rows of numerals and letters are built in with dark glazed headers.
 The Boyd-Wilson Farm is a 157-acre (64 ha) historic district in Franklin Tennessee United States. The circa 1840 farm includes an I-house.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. When listed it included six contributing buildings two contributing structures one contributing site and two non-contributing buildings.
 Honey Run Bridge is a wooden covered bridge on Honey Run Road located about halfway in between Chico and Paradise in northern California. The bridge crosses Butte Creek and intersects with Centerville Road in Butte County California. It was open to traffic until a car crashed into it in 1965 causing damage to the bridge.
 The Greensboro Public School is located in the town of Greensboro in Greene County Pennsylvania. The 2-1/2 story seven bay school was built in 1904 by James Parreco in the Richardsonian Romanesque style.Students in grades 1-8 attended the school until about 1960 when the building was donate by the school district to the town. By 1976 a museum the[Monon Center was using the building.It was added to National Register of Historic Places on March 9 1995.
 La Maison Gabrielle Roy or The House of Gabrielle Roy is a museum in the former home of writer Gabrielle Roy. The house is located in Saint Boniface (now part of Winnipeg) Manitoba Canada. The objective of the museum is to disseminate the works of Roy and to preserve a piece of heritage for Canadian history.From 1909 to 1937 Roy lived in the heart of Saint Boniface. The house was restored and opened to the public in 2003.
 Powell-McMullan House is a historic home located near Stanardsville Greene County Virginia. The original section was built about 1800 and expanded in 1842. It is a two-story frame dwelling in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a metal-sheathed gable roof exterior gable-end brick chimneys and a one-story hipped roof front porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 not to be confused with Ashwick House (near Dulverton) in western Somerset.Ashwick Court is Grade II* listed house on Heckley Lane northwest of Ashwick in Mendip district eastern Somerset England adjacent to the Church of St James. It is a country house dating from the late 17th century and became a listed building on 2 June 1961.Judge Jeffries tried cases at Ashwick Court during the Bloody Assizes following the Monmouth Rebellion in 1685.
 The Amos Eno House is a historic home in Simsbury Connecticut. It is also known as the 1820 House.
 The Insect Science Museum (Chinese: 昆蟲科學博物館; pinyin: Kūnchóng Kēxué Bówùguǎn) is a museum of insects in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is located at Cheng Kung Senior High School and it is one of the largest insect science museums in Asia.
 Firefly Estate located 10 km (6 mi) east of Oracabessa Jamaica was Sir Noël Coward's vacation home. It is now listed as a National Heritage Site by the Jamaica National Heritage Trust. Although the setting is Edenic the house built in 1956 is surprisingly spartan considering that he often entertained jet-setters and royalty.
 The Brainerd Schoolhouse is a one room schoolhouse located in Mount Holly Township Burlington County New Jersey United States. Built in 1759 it is the oldest building of its type in the state and now a museum. It is a contributing property to the Mount Holly Historic District. It is owned and operated by The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America.
 Thomas Fitzsimons Junior High School later The Young Men's Leadership School at Thomas E. FitzSimons High School is a former public secondary school that in its final years was a secondary school for boys. It was located at 2601 Cumberland Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States and was a part of the School District of Philadelphia. The school was named after Thomas FitzSimons who was a signer of the Constitution of the United States.
 St. Rose's Catholic Church (also known as St. Rosa's Catholic Church) is a historic Catholic church in St. Rose an unincorporated community in Marion Township Mercer County Ohio United States.
 The KSC Headquarters Building houses the administrative offices of NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Located on 1 Street in the Industrial Area of KSC on Merritt Island Florida it formally opened on May 26 1965.The facility includes the offices of the center director management staff personnel procurement and several hundred contractor and support workers.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church also known as Bangor Parish is a historic Episcopal church at 405-407 B Street in St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia USA. It was built in 1847 and is a one-story brick building in the Gothic Revival style. t has a rectangular floor plan with a front vestibule and entrance through a central tower.During the American Civil War the building and surrounding property were occupied by Union forces.
 Snodgrass Tavern is an historic tavern located near Hedgesville in Berkeley County West Virginia. The structure was built in stages beginning around 1742 and is one of the oldest buildings in West Virginia still standing. It is uncertain when the structure became a tavern; most likely it became such gradually. The tavern lasted until 1847 when the property was sold as a private residence. The structure and surrounding property is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Farmers and Mechanics Building is a historic skyscraper located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1908 and is a six-story skyscraper building with a basement and penthouse in the Classical Revival style. The top floor once featured a Roof Garden. The exterior is faced in Indiana limestone and yellow hard face brick with terra cotta decorative details.
 The Sheffield Tower is a 46-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The Sheffield Tower was expected to be completed in 2009.
 Revival Bar and Kitchen is a farm-to-table eatery in Berkeley California that specializes in local sustainable ethical food. It first opened its doors in May 2010 with Amy Murray as owner and taking over as executive chef in December 2011. Nat Harry serves as Revival's head mixologist and Patrick Cress as Revival's sommelier.
 HM Prison Woodhill is a Category A male prison located in Milton Keynes England. Woodhill Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. There is a Young Offenders Institution adjacent to the prison. One of its main roles is that of a local prison serving Crown and Magistrates' Courts. The prison holds remand and sentenced prisoners aged 18 and above.
 The Blackstone Hotel currently known as the Blackstone Center is located at 302 South 36th Street in the Blackstone neighborhood of the Midtown area in Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1915 it was declared an Omaha Landmark in 1983 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock is a historic district in New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The historic district's boundaries were increased in 1994 with the increase named William Miller Farm Historic District or alternatively as William Miller Chapel Boundary Increase.
 St. John's Cathedral is the Anglican cathedral in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The cathedral church is located in the city's downtown on Anderson Avenue near Main Street and the Red River. St. John's Cathedral marks the birthplace of the Anglican Church in Western Canada.
 The Ashland Oregon National Guard Armory is an armory building located in Ashland Oregon in the United States. It was designed by William C. Knighton Oregon's first State Architect and was built from 1912 to 1913. The armory displays California Mission and Gothic Revival architectural styles and remains one of four pre-World War I armories in western Oregon. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Eagle and Child is a pub in St Giles' Oxford England which is owned by St. John's College Oxford. The pub had been part of an endowment belonging to University College since the 17th century. It has associations with the Inklings writers' group which included J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis.
 Oratory of Our Mother of Perpetual Help Chapel was an oratory which celebrated the Extraordinary Form of the Roman Rite of the Roman Catholic Church.
 District No. 2 School Caroline and Dryden now Caroline Town Hall is a historic school building located at Slaterville Springs in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1869 and is a two story 30 feet wide by 50 feet deep frame structure with a partial basement. The first floor housed grades one through eight while the second floor accommodated high school classes.
 Hornchurch Priory was a hospital or priory in Hornchurch now in the London Borough of Havering. Founded in 1159 it was formally called the Hospital of St John and St Bernard.
 Ptghnavank (Armenian: Պտղնավանք) or Ptghni Church (Armenian:Պտղնի Եկեղեցի) is located in the village of Ptghni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
 The Eugene Masonic Cemetery the oldest cemetery in Eugene Oregon is one of the oldest privately owned and continuously operating historic entities in Lane County. Incorporated as a burial site in 1859 the same year Oregon became a state it occupies ten acres on a knoll in southeast Eugene with main entrance gate at University Street and 25th Avenue.
 Vernon Jubilee Hospital (VJH) is a hospital located in Vernon British Columbia which is a city in the Okanagan region of Canada. Initial examination for constructing a hospital in Vernon began in 1895 when residents of the city demanded a hospital to be created. It was ultimately incorporated in 1897 and serves the North Okanagan regional district. The Vernon Jubilee Hospital offers core physician specialty and emergency departments in addition to acute and obstetrical care.
 Presbyterian Church of Norwood is a historic church at 701 Broadway in Norwood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The church was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 1 2006.
 The Palácio Quitandinha is a historic former luxury resort hotel in Petrópolis State of Rio de Janeiro Brazil. The former hotel rooms are currently privately owned condominiums while the hotel's lavish public areas considered among the masterpieces of famed American designer Dorothy Draper have been recently restored.
 The Withers Log House at 344 Wassou in Crystal Bay Nevada is a historic house that was built in 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.It was deemed significant as a good example of a a modest but well-designed and beautifully detailed log vacation home which was one of the first homes built in the Crystal Bay Corporation's subdivision in the north shore area of Lake Tahoe.
 The Oxford Oratory Church of St Aloysius Gonzaga (or Oxford Oratory for short) is the Catholic parish church for the centre of Oxford England. It is located at 25 Woodstock Road. The church is served by the Congregation of the Oratory.
 The Stone Plantation also known as the Young Plantation and the Barton Warren Stone House is a historic Greek Revival-style plantation house and one surviving outbuilding along the Old Selma Road on the outskirts of Montgomery Alabama. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on September 28 2000 and to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31 2001.
 St Melangell's Church Pennant Melangell is a small parish church located on a minor road which joins the B4391 near the village of Llangynog Powys Wales. It houses the restored shrine of Saint Melangell reputed to be the oldest Romanesque shrine in Great Britain.
 Kom Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Montenegro. It is located on the small island of Odrinska gora close to Žabljak Crnojevića where the Crnojević River flows into the western section of Lake Skadar. The Kom Monastery was built between 1415 and 1427 during the rule of Đurađ and Aleksa Đurašević members of the House of Crnojević. The monastery continued the cult of the Virgin Mary which was greatly expanded during the rule of the Balšići.
 The Irish American Heritage Center is a non-profit organization located in Chicago that seeks to enhance the study of Irish culture with programing centered on Irish dance literature heritage music and Irish American cultural contributions to the United States. The center's building in the Irving Park community area houses a library museum art gallery archives auditorium and classrooms as well as an Irish pub and gift shop. Founded in 1976 it opened its building in 1985.
 International Commerce Center 1 is a 99 storey 468 m (1535 ft) tall mixed use skyscraper under construction in Chongqing China. Upon completion it will become tallest building in Chongqing and one of the tallest buildings in China.As of February 2013 the foundation work of the tower is in progress.
 The William Rainey Harper Log House also known as the Harper Cabin is located at 20 West Main Street in New Concord Ohio United States. The home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-01-03.
 Criss Cross is a Colonial style brick house built about 1690 by George Poindexter in New Kent County Virginia. It is similar in style to neighboring Foster's Castle. George Poindexter was the immigrant founder of the Poindexters in America. Originally from Jersey he settled his family in the Virginia Colony.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Spring Hill Church also known as Old Spring Hill and St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Hebron Wicomico County Maryland. It is located eight miles south on the Wicomico River from Green Hill Church which it strongly resembles. It is a white frame structure two bays wide and four deep and set on a Flemish bond brick foundation. It was constructed as St. Paul's Episcopal Church in 1773.
 Guilford is a large country farmhouse near Frederick Maryland built in 1809. Formerly the center of a 103-acre (0.42 km2) farm the brick house retains many of its outbuildings despite its location in the middle of a suburban shopping and office development.
 Driscoll's Block is a historic commercial block at 211-13 Worthington Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was the first building to be built in the area after a fire destroyed five blocks of Worthington Street in 1893. The modest four story brick structure was built for J.R. Driscoll and at first housed a bowling alley. This business ran until 1915 and was followed by a succession of tenants including briefly a Sears and Roebuck branch.
 Established in 1977 Simon's Town Museum is a community museum situated in Simon's Town a suburb of Cape Town in the Western Cape Province of the Republic of South Africa. It is a province-aided museum which receives support from the Government of the Western Cape Province.
 St. Andrew's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in LeRoy Wisconsin United States. The Gothic Revival church was built in 1899 by architect Anton Dohmen. The Emil Frei Stained Glass Company later added over 20 stained glass windows to the church; these windows were described as works of art with vivid colors and intricate details by the Wisconsin Historical Society.
 Stockland Traralgon is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Traralgon Victoria.Opened in 1985 it was originally named Traralgon Centre Plaza until acquisition by Stocklands during the 2000s. It is home to the largest Coles Supermarket in the Gippsland Area.
 Château d'Arcelot is a château in Côte-d'Or France. It was completed in 1765.
 The Grade I listed Saxon church of St Botolph's at Botolphs West Sussex England is situated in the valley of the River Adur and is now part of the Church of England parish of Beeding and Bramber with Botolphs. An earlier dedication to St Peter de Vetere Ponte (St Peter of the Old Bridge) is now lost like the bridge over the Adur from which it took this ancient name. The church serves the mostly depopulated hamlet of Botolphs in the Horsham district of West Sussex.
 The Coudersport and Port Allegany Railroad Station (also known as the Coudersport Depot) is a railroad station in Coudersport Pennsylvania in the United States. It was built by the Coudersport and Port Allegany Railroad in 1899 and opened in January 1900 during the lumber industry boom in Potter County. When the lumber ran out the railroad's business decreased and in 1964 the line and station were purchased by the Wellsville Addison and Galeton Railroad.
 Wat Pa Sak (Thai: วัดป่าสัก Temple of the Teak Forest) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Chiang Saen Chiang Rai Province Thailand. Located just outside the city's old walls the temple derives its name from the 300 teak trees planted on the site around the time of its foundation. Wat Pa Sak's origins date back to the 13th or 14th centuries.
 The Church of St Benet Paul's Wharf is the Welsh church of the City of London. Since 1556 it has also been the church of the College of Arms in which many officers of arms have been buried. In 1666 following the Great Fire of London the church merged with nearby St Peter's. The current church was designed by Sir Christopher Wren.
 The People's State Bank building is located in the Stephenson County village of Orangeville Illinois United States. The structure was erected in 1926 when two Orangeville banks merged to form the People's State Bank. It operated until 1932 when it became overwhelmed by an economic disaster caused by the Great Depression and the bypassing of downtown Orangeville by an important route.
 A.B. Butler House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the West End it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Narragansett Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 1567 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts United States.The mills were organized in 1871 and the first mill was built in 1872 from red brick in the Italianate style. A. Dorrance Easton served as the company's first president. The complex also includes a detached brick mill office building.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.Today Mill No. 1 has been remodeled and is occupied by medical offices.
 Children’s Hospital of Michigan (CHM) is a hospital located in Detroit Michigan. It is part of the Detroit Medical Center. It is an international provider of pediatric neurology neurosurgery cardiology oncology and diagnostic services including Positron Emission Tomography and MRI. It is the only freestanding pediatric Level One Trauma Center in Michigan.
 Fonti Flora Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Monticello Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1836 and is a 2-½ story clapboard residence set on low foundations. The front façade of the house is dominated by a full width two-story Greek Revival portico. Each story of the portico is supported by six square paneled piers and the second story features a plain balustrade. The entire portico is surmounted by a flat deck which has a cast iron railing.
 AuSable Chasm Bridge is a historic steel arch bridge with concrete and stone faced approach spans that carries US 9 over the Ausable River at AuSable Chasm in Clinton County New York. It was built in 1932-1933. The main span is 222 feet in length with two 52 foot approach spans for an overall length with approaches of 52 feet. It is approximately 40 feet wide with a span height of 45 feet and overall height of 70 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Elks Club in East Liverpool Ohio was built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The building was addressed in a study assessing historic resources in East Liverpool's central business district which resulted in the NRHP listing of several clubhouse buildings (including also Masonic Temple (East Liverpool Ohio) Odd Fellows Temple (East Liverpool Ohio) and YMCA (East Liverpool Ohio)).
 St Michael's Church Wincle is located in the village of Wincle Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield. Its benefice is combined with those of St Mary Bosley St Michael North Rode and St Saviour Wildboarclough. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Masjid al-Qiblatain (المسجد القبلتین) (Mosque of the two Qiblas) is a mosque in Medina that is historically important for Muslims as the place where the Islamic prophet Muhammad leading the prayer is said to have been commanded to change the direction of prayer (qibla) from Jerusalem to Mecca. Thus it uniquely contained two prayer niches (mihrabs).
 The Seal Island Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District located on the islands of St. George and St. Paul in the Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea of Alaska. These islands are home to Northern Fur Seal herds which were actively hunted by indigenous populations and later by many nationalities.
 The Madam Brett Homestead is an early 18th-century home located in the city of Beacon New York USA. It is the oldest standing building in its part of Dutchess County and has been listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1976. It is also listed on the NYS Independence Trail.
 Panja Sharif(or Punja Shareef) the oldest Karbala in the city is located at Kashmiri Gate Delhi.
 St Cuthbert's Church Holme Lacy is a redundant Anglican church about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southeast of the village of Holme Lacy Herefordshire England. The church stands in an isolated position at the end of a lane in a bend of the River Wye. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The William W.
 The Monadnock Building (historically the Monadnock Block; pronounced /məˈnædnɒk/ mə-NAD-nok) is a skyscraper located at 53 West Jackson Boulevard in the south Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. The north half of the building was designed by the firm of Burnham & Root and built starting in 1891. The tallest commercial iron frame building with a load-bearing masonry exterior wall ever constructed it employed the first portal system of wind bracing in America.
 Autun also known as Meadowcourt is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1928 and is a 1 1/2-story L-shaped country house in the French style. It features a steep hipped roof with numerous rounded and gabled dormers and skylights.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Doha Convention Center Tower is a 551 m (1808 ft) tall skyscraper under construction in Doha Qatar. Construction has been suspended following the discovery that the building would impact flight paths to and from Doha International Airport. Construction is expected to continue once the New Doha International Airport is completed on reclaimed land approximately 3 km to the east of the current airport.
 Prairie County Courthouse in Des Arc Arkansas was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977.
 The Church of St John the Evangelist is an Church of England church in Upper Norwood a suburb of South London in the United Kingdom. It is a Grade II* listed red brick Gothic Revival church which was built between 1878 and 1887 by the English architect John Loughborough Pearson (1817–97). The church is dedicated to the Christian saint John the Evangelist.
 Winnebago Mental Health Institute (WMHI) formerly the Winnebago State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Oshkosh Wisconsin United States located in the unincorporated community of Winnebago Wisconsin.
 The Riverside Hangars are semi-cylindrical-shaped hangars for aircraft installed at Saint Paul Downtown Airport in 1942 immediately adjacent to the Mississippi River. Their important design features are their low-cost and that they were erectable quickly by unskilled workers.
 John C. Reeves House is a historic home located near Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built about 1870 and is a two-story painted brick Italianate style farmhouse. It sits on a foundation of smooth limestone blocks. It features tall and narrow windows with semi-circular lintels.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Not to be confused with Enryaku-ji in Kyoto.Zuirokuzan Engaku Kōshō Zenji (瑞鹿山円覚興聖禅寺) or Engaku-ji (円覚寺) is one of the most important Zen Buddhist temple complexes in Japan and is ranked second among Kamakura's Five Mountains. It is situated in the city of Kamakura in Kanagawa prefecture to the south of Tokyo.
 The Turner-Todd Motor Company is a historic commercial building in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story brick and concrete structure was built in 1926 to house the Turner-Todd Motor Company. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 2008.
 Gilbert Homestead is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The house was built about 1860 and is a rectangular two story four bay frame vernacular farmhouse. It has a gable roof a central chimney novelty siding and slender corner pilasters. Also on the property are two contributing barns and two sheds.The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Bank of Cairo now known as Cairo Town Hall is a historic bank building located at Cairo Ritchie County West Virginia. It was built in 1897 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure with classically inspired details. It features a unique corner entrance. It housed a bank from 1897 to 1931 and from 1941 to 1974. It now houses the Cairo Town Hall and serves as a stop on the North Bend Rail Trail.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Southport Central is a 18130 m² Mixed Use multi-purpose development at the corner of Scarborough and Lawson Streets Southport Queensland Australia. It comprises three towers with integrated shopping and commercial precincts with a total value of $700 million. The towers are constructed with concrete in a modern style.Developer: Raptis Group: www.raptisgroup.com.auArchitect: Archidiom Design: www.archidiom.com.auTown Planner: UPS Urban Planning Services: www.urbanps.com.au
 Hacienda Arms Apartments also known as Coronet Apartments and Piazza del Sol is a historic building located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood California. The four-story 52000-square-foot (4800 m2) Italian Renaissance Revival sourced Mediterranean Revival style structure was built in 1927 and operated initially as a luxury apartment building catering to the entertainment business.
 Southern Railway Depot in Piedmont Alabama is a station that served the Southern Railway from 1868. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on May 27 1983 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984.
 The Ramsdell Theatre is a historic playhouse and opera house in downtown Manistee Michigan built in 1902 - 1903 by local lawyer and philanthropist Thomas Jefferson Ramsdell. It is located at the corner of First and Maple Streets. It is a Michigan Historic Building serving as a cultural center for Western Michigan.The exterior is a classic Colonial design of red brick with six large columns supporting the portico over the main entrance to the theatre.
 The Helen Anderson House is a well preserved English Cottage Revival structure in Phoenix Arizona. Characteristic of the style the distinctive roof is composed of wood shingles and rolled eaves that simulate a thatch roof. It was originally built as a residence for Helen Anderson the widow of insurance company organizer Carl H. Anderson and it is currently occupied by Hob Nobs Coffee House. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 30 1983.
 Temple Beth-El is a historic Jewish synagogue at 301 E. Thirteenth Street in Anniston Alabama. It was built in 1891 in the Romanesque Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Luther House is a historic house at 177 Market Street in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1740 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 The Ibicaba Farm (in Portuguese: Fazenda Ibicaba) is one of the most known farms of Brazil. Established in 1817 by senator Nicolau Vergueiro it was widely known as one of the most macabre symbols of the slavery in the state of São Paulo. Afterwards it has become the pioneer in the replacement of the African enslaved by the European immigrants' labour and in the use of the steam engine cart and plough.
 The Granville State Bank also known as the Former Granville Service Agency is a two-story commercial building on Main Street in Granville North Dakota. The structure was built by Granville State Bank president George E. Stubbins in 1903 using sandstone and prairie granite from Kottke Valley Township to the northwest. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NHRP) in 1977.
 The Fort Matanzas National Monument Headquarters and Visitor Center located at 8635 A1A S. in St. Augustine Florida was built in 1936. It services the Fort Matanzas National Monument. It was designed by the National Park Service's Eastern Div. of Plans & Design in NPS Rustic and other architecture and functions as a museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing site on 17.3 acres (7.0 ha).
 Zion Reformed Church of the United Church of Christ more commonly known as Zion Reformed Church or Zion UCC is a congregation of the United Church of Christ in the borough of Chambersburg Pennsylvania United States. It belongs to the Mercersburg Association of the Penn Central Conference of the United Church of Christ.The congregation was organized in 1778 or 1779 but its first church building was not built until 1811-1813.
 The Pierce County Courthouse is a historic governmental building in Ellsworth Wisconsin United States. Built in 1905 the courthouse sits on the edge of Ellsworth's business district. Built on a raised foundation of sandstone it features elements of both the Beaux-Arts and the Neoclassical styles of architecture.
 101 Hudson Street also known as the Merrill Lynch Building in the Exchange Place neighborhood of Jersey City New Jersey is the second-tallest building in Jersey City and the third-tallest in the state of New Jersey. Completed in 1992 it has 42 stories and reaches a height of 167 m (548 ft). It was the second tallest building in New Jersey after the Trump Taj Mahal until the Goldman Sachs Tower (30 Hudson Street) was completed in 2004.
 The Charlemagne building is a high-rise in the European Quarter of Brussels which houses the Directorate-General for Economic and Financial Affairs the Directorate-General for Trade and the Directorate-General for Enlargement of the European Commission. The building has 3 wings and 15 floors. It is located at 170 Rue de la Loi/Wetstraat in the City of Brussels one of the 19 municipalities forming the Brussels-Capital Region.
 The monastery of Saint George (Armenian: Սուրբ Գեւորգ Եկեղեցի or Սուրբ Գեւորգ Վանք ; pronounced Surp Gevork) is located just off of the main road that runs through the town of Mughni in the Aragatsotn province of Armenia. The church sits within the city limits of the larger city of Ashtarak. It was built to house some of the remains of Saint George who was known as the Slayer of Dragons.
 The Sanyi Wood Sculpture Museum (Chinese: 三義木雕博物館; pinyin: Sānyì Mùdiāo Bówùguǎn) is a museum of wooden sculpture in Sanyi Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 For the Castle class locomotive of this name see GWR 4073 Class 4073 Caerphilly Castle.Caerphilly Castle (Welsh: Castell Caerffili) is a medieval fortification in Caerphilly in South Wales. The castle was constructed by Gilbert de Clare in the 13th century as part of his campaign to conquer Glamorgan and saw extensive fighting between Gilbert and his descendants and the native Welsh rulers.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Blissfield is an active church building located at 306 Franklin Street in the village of Blissfield in Blissfield Township in eastern Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on June 11 1965 and was later added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 3 1971.
 The Macedonian Orthodox Cathedral of the Dormition of the Virgin Mary (Macedonian: Македонска Православна Kатедрала Успение на Пресвета Богородица) also known as St. Mary (Macedonian: Пресвета Богородица) is a Macedonian Orthodox Church located in Reynoldsburg (Columbus area) Ohio. It is one of the oldest Macedonian Orthodox communities in the United States and in the American-Canadian Diocese.
 Moorestown Friends School and Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker school and meeting house on Main Street at Chester Avenue in Moorestown Township Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1802 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Georgiou I Square (Greek: Πλατεία Γεωργίου Αʹ) is the central square of Patras Greece. The square is named after King George I of Greece. It is crossed by Maizonos Korinthou and Gerokostopoulou streets. The neoclassical Apollon Theatre is situated on the northeast side of the square.
 The Marjorie Barrick Museum (MBM; formerly known as the Marjorie Barrick Museum of Natural History) is a museum located on the main campus of the University of Nevada Las Vegas (UNLV) established in 1967. The museum was originally instituted as a natural history museum with a focus on the natural history and environment of Nevada and the broader Southwestern United States. The Marjorie Barrick Museum (the Barrick) is a well-known venue for engaging exhibitions and events.
 The Holy Trinity Episcopal Church in Fallon Nevada located at 507 Churchill St. was built in 1907. It includes Late Gothic Revival and Bungalow/craftsman architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003; the listing included four contributing buildings.
 Centerpointe Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Grand Rapids Michigan United States. It opened in 1967 as Eastbrook Mall a year before the larger Woodland Mall opened across the street. Demolition of portions of the mall began in 2012.
 All Saints’ Church King’s Heath is a Grade II listed Church of England parish in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 The Church on the Way is a Foursquare denomination megachurch in Van Nuys California and was founded by Jack Hayford. It is one of four flagship churches of the Foursquare denomination.
 The Illinois River Bridge in or near Pedro Arkansas was built in 1922. It crosses the Illinois River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 and it is one of three Illinois River bridge crossings in Arkansas named Illinois River Bridge that are NRHP-listed.It's a Pratt thru-truss bridge.
 The Church of St. Peter and St. Paul Godalming Surrey England is a Church of England parish church (community). The parish is mostly urban and excludes rural outskirts and has another church St Mark's in which the joint clergy provide less formal and family services.
 Abingdon Church is a historic Episcopal church located near White Marsh Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1754 and is one-story structure built on a Latin cross plan with gable roof pedimented gable ends and modillioned cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Sunwah Center is a high-rise building in Ho Chi Minh city Vietnam. It is located on Nguyen Hue street. The building comprises 21 floors and 3 basements used for parking. There are 6 elevators used for customers and 1 elevator for service purpose only. The building opened in 1995 and was the tallest building in Vietnam for that year with 92 meters until it was surpassed by Saigon Centre with 106 meters.[citation needed]
 The Lagan Valley Hospital is a hospital in Lisburn County Antrim Northern Ireland. It provides services to an estimated 125000 people from Greater Lisburn the Lisburn City Council area and other parts of South East Ulster.
 The Alma Thomas House is an historic house located at 1530 15th Street N.W. in the Dupont Circle neighborhood.
 The Ritz-Carlton is a luxury AAA Five Diamond Award hotel in Washington D.C. United States. It is located at 1150 22nd Street Northwest in the West End neighborhood. The hotel has 300 guest rooms including 32 suites 267 deluxe rooms.The hotel underwent a $12 million renovation which was completed in 2008. The hotel has two restaurants including Westend Bistro by Eric Ripert.
 The Cobble Hill Tunnel (popularly the Atlantic Avenue Tunnel) of the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) is an abandoned railroad tunnel beneath Atlantic Avenue in downtown Brooklyn New York City. When open it ran for about 2517 feet (767 m) between Columbia Street and Boerum Place.[citation needed] It is the oldest railway tunnel beneath a city street in North America that was fully devoted to railway.
 East Springfield Union School also known as Springfield Central School is a historic school building located at East Springfield in Otsego County New York. It was built in two stages starting in 1909. The original front section is a two story T plan cross gabled Neoclassical style building executed in rusticated concrete block and set on a half raised basement. The rear portion is a single story utilitarian concrete block structure built in 1936.
 Shore Farm historically known as Shore Farm Camp is a historic farm complex located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The farm complex consists of the Luff/Wardwell House a former tenant house/milk house and a cattle barn. The house is a stone and wood frame structure dating to about 1822 and enlarged about 1895. Also on the property are non-contributing cabins and cottages.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Farnley is a property that includes two historic plantation homes and a farm located near White Post Clarke County Virginia. The Meadows is a brick I-house built sometime between 1815 and 1820. The focal point of the property however is its namesake Farnley a sophisticated Federal-style residence built about 1836. It has a gable roof with wide interior-end chimneys.
 The Historic Derby Street Chapel also known as Derby Street Chapel is a historic church building located at 121 Derby Street in Cocoa Brevard County Florida. Built between 1916 and 1920 as a Seventh-day Adventist church it was sold to First Church of Christ Scientist Cocoa in 1955. In 1964 the Christian Science sold it to the First Baptist Church of Cocoa which still owns it.
 The G.B. Emmons House is a historic house at 283 Broadway in Methuen Massachusetts. The two story Queen Anne house was built c. 1890 for G.B. Emmons president of the Emmons Loom Harness Company located in neighboring Lawrence.
 The Midland Terminal Railroad Roundhouse is a historic 14 stall railroad roundhouse in Colorado Springs Colorado located on US Highway 24 at 21st street. It is between Manitou Springs and the central business district of Colorado Springs. The building was constructed and operated by the Colorado Midland Railroad which was founded in 1883 but the roundhouse dates from 1887-88. It was located in Colorado City until 1917 when Colorado City became part of Colorado Springs.
 The CB&Q Passenger Depot now known as the Appanoose County Post 526 VFW Hall is an historic train station located in Centerville Iowa United States. The Chicago Burlington and Quincy Railroad (CB&Q) bought the Keokuk & Western Railroad in 1903. Centerville served as a dividing point on the line and by 1910 the people in the town started to plan for a larger station.
 Pottstown Roller Mill is a historic roller mill located on the Schuylkill River at Pottstown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original mill building was built in 1727. It was constructed of fieldstone two-stories tall and three bays wide and two bays deep. The building was altered in 1849. In 1856 two brick stories were added to the original fieldstone mill. A five bay brick addition was subsequently added and doubled the size of the 1856 mill.
 1100 New York Avenue is a high-rise office building located in Northwest Washington D.C. in the United States.
 Sherrill United Methodist Church is one of the oldest and continuously active churches in Jefferson County Arkansas. Established in 1847 it was originally called Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church South. In 2002 under that name it was among four Arkansas properties to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places the country’s official registry of historically significant properties according to Arkansas Historic Preservation Program director Ken Grunewald.
 The Bridgeton School is an historic school located at 16 Laurel Hill Avenue in Burrillville Rhode Island.The Victorian school house was built in 1897 by G.W. Spaulding Nehemiah Kimball & William H. Gory. It is also the site of the Burrillville Historical & Preservation Society. It was added to the National Historic Register in 2006
 The Max Petersen House is located on the west side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979 as the Max Petersen House. It is also a part of the Marycrest College Historic District.
 Knokke Casino (French: Casino de Knokke; Dutch: Casino Knokke) is a sea-front casino in the town of Knokke in the administrative community Knokke-Heist in the province of West Flanders in Flanders Belgium.The largest of Belgium's ten casinos it is known for its artwork by Keith Haring René Magritte and Paul Delvaux. It is the first of four casinos in different Belgian towns designed by Léon Stynen. The late twenties building was severely damaged during the second world war.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Tallahassee (FCI Tallahassee) is a low-security United States federal prison for female inmates in Florida. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent detention center that houses administrative security level male inmates.FCI Tallahassee is located three miles east of downtown Tallahassee on US Highway 319.
 Freehold Raceway Mall is a super-regional mall in Freehold New Jersey United States. The mall's anchor stores are JCPenney Lord & Taylor Macy's Nordstrom and Sears. The mall is owned and managed by The Macerich Company having purchased the mall from developer Wilmorite in 2005 and has 1671000 square feet (155241 m2) of gross leasable area making it the second largest shopping mall in New Jersey.
 Hanover Center Historic District is an historic district roughly on Silver St. from Lantern Ln. to Hanover St. in Hanover Massachusetts.The district was founded in 1727 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Clarke-Palmore House also known as Clarke Home was built as a brick farmhouse in 1819 and expanded in 1855. Its first floor level built in 1819 is described as being American bond brickwork of 3 to 5 stretcher courses between each header course.
 The Niels and Mellie Esperson Buildings are a building complex in downtown Houston Texas. Mary Ann Azevedo of the Houston Business Journal said that they were among the most recognizable buildings in Downtown.The Niels Esperson Building is the only complete examples of Italian Renaissance architecture in Downtown Houston. Designed by theater architect John Eberson the Esperson buildings were built in 1927 and 1941 respectively.
 One Wall Street originally the Irving Trust Company Building then the Bank of New York Building (after 1988) and after 2007 the BNY Mellon Building is a bank headquarters building which remains one of the finest Art-Deco-style skyscrapers in downtown Manhattan New York City. It is located in the Financial District on the prominent corner of Wall Street and Broadway. Today it serves as the global headquarters of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation.
 The Skinner Building is a historic building in Albuquerque New Mexico considered to be one of the best examples of Art Deco architecture in the city. Originally a grocery store owned by J.A. Skinner it was designed by local architect A.W. Boehning and built in 1931. The building is of brick construction with a street facade of white terra cotta tile on the north and west sides.
 Upper Middleburgh Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Middleburgh in Schoharie County New York. It was incorporated in 1865 and contains an estimated 4000 interments. The most notable structure is the Foster mausoleum designed by noted architect Henry Bacon (1866–1924) in the early 1900s and includes a sculpture by Evelyn Beatrice Longman (1874–1954). There is also a Neo-Gothic Revival chapel (ca. 1925) maintenance and storage building (ca.
 Cabbagetown is a neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta Georgia United States abutting historic Oakland Cemetery. It includes the Cabbagetown District a historic district listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Walter George Smith School is a historic school building located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1924-1925. It is a four-story brick building with limestone trim in the Late Gothic Revival-style. It features two projecting ends main entrance with enclosed porch and Gothic arch Gothic arched windows and battlement parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The State Correctional Institution (SCI) at Rockview commonly referred to as Rockview is a Pennsylvania Department of Corrections prison located in Benner Township Pennsylvania 5 miles (8.0 km) away from Bellefonte.SCI Rockview which began in 1912 and was completed in 1915 was intended to replace Eastern State Penitentiary and Western Penitentiary. Instead it became a branch prison of Western housing lesser security risk prisoners employed in the extensive farm program outside the gates.
 The Clemson University Historic District II is a collection of historic properties on the campus of Clemson University in Clemson South Carolina. The district contains 7 contributing properties located in the central portion of the campus. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 129 W. Hutchison in San Marcos Texas.An easily recognized landmark of the San Marcos skyline is the 119-year old “Carpenter Gothic” sanctuary of First United Methodist Church. The sanctuary was built in 1893 but the congregation dates back to 1847 in the earliest days of the city of San Marcos. The present sanctuary is the third building to occupy this site.
 Holy Trinity Parish Church is the parish church of Sutton Coldfield Birmingham England. It is Grade I listed and gives its name to the ward in which it stands Sutton Trinity.The earliest part of the building the west tower dates from the late 15th century.Inside the church are the tomb of Bishop Vesey as well as a font acquired in the 19th century from the Church of St Lawrence Over Winacre Nottinghamshire.
 St Mark's is the Church of England parish church for the Burton upon Trent suburb of Winshill east of the town. It is part of the Diocese of Derby.Built to the west of Winshill and commanding a prominent spot high above Burton upon Trent St Mark's is a landmark that can be seen for miles along the valley of the River Trent.St Mark's church was(...) paid for by the brewer John Gretton of Bladon House (d. 1867) was opened in 1869.
 The Timothy J. McCarthy Building also known as Taft Building or Marble Front Building located at 24 3rd St. NW in Faribault Minnesota United States is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The building was built in 1884 in the Italianate style. Owner T.J. McCarthy had immigrated from Ireland to Faribault where he attended Shattuck School. McCarthy was the part-owner of a brickyard and he later purchased the Faribault Marble Works with partner J.H. Nightengale.
 The Third Addition to Rockville and Old St. Mary's Church and Cemetery is a historic area located at Rockville Montgomery County Maryland. This area combines 19th century residential scale buildings with a tree-lined narrow street country church weathered headstones Victorian Gothic railroad station and a brick cast-iron front commercial structure to create an atmosphere that evokes the era when the station served as the gateway to Rockville.
 The Decatur County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building in Greensburg Indiana that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is best known for having a growing tree on its roof.
 Blakesley Hall (grid reference SP130861) (a Grade II* listed building) is a Tudor hall on Blakesley Road in Yardley Birmingham England. It is one of the oldest buildings in Birmingham and is a typical example of Tudor architecture with the use of darkened timber and wattle-and-daub infill with an external lime render which is painted white.
 San Rocco is a small church facing the Piazza dei Cavalieri in central Pisa Italy.A church of San Pietro in Cortevecchia is found in documents from 1028. In 1575 a near complete reconstruction occurred when the church was granted to the Company (Order) of Saint Roch (San Rocco). The architect Cosimo Pugliani added a new façade in 1630-1634. The Order of St. Rocco was suppressed in 1782 and the church soon fell under the care of the diocesis and another restoration occurred in 1899.
 Virginia Mason Medical Center founded in 1920 is a private non-profit organization located in Seattle Washington USA.
 The Coughlin Campanile was completed on the campus of South Dakota State University (SDSU) in 1929. At a costing of seventy-five thousand dollars it was a gift to the University from Charles Coughlin a graduate from the class of 1909. The Campanile is a chimes tower that rises to 165 feet and is located on Medary Avenue. The tower's chimes cover three octaves and can be played manually from an organ in the nearby Lincoln Music Hall.
 Eureka Schoolhouse is a historic school on Carleston Road in Goulds Mill Vermont.It was built in 1785 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Lewis County Courthouse is located at 100 E. Lafayette St. in Monticello Missouri. The Second Empire style courthouse was designed by J.T. McAllister of McAllister & Co. and built in 1875. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Mount Pleasant Methodist Church is historic church in Waldron Arkansas.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Bridge in Lewis Township is a historic Pratt through truss bridge spanning Lycoming Creek at Lewis Township Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890 and measures 171 feet long and 18 feet wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Science & Technology Museum of Atlanta usually known as SciTrek was located at 395 Piedmont Avenue (33.766°N 84.3816°W﻿ / 33.766; -84.3816) in Atlanta Georgia next to the Atlanta Civic Center. It was forced to close in August 2004 due to reduced federal and state funding as well as poor fundraising results but hoped to reopen again later. All of its displays were sold or auctioned on January 15 2005.
 The Earnest Bridge located near Marcola Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The name is spelled Ernest Bridge in some documents including the NRHP listing but spelled Earnest Bridge in the NRHP nomination and in signage on the bridge itself.
 Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church building at 805 Monroe Street in Vicksburg Mississippi.The Romanesque style building was constructed in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Ernst & Young Plaza is a 534-foot (163 m) tall skyscraper in Los Angeles California. It was completed in 1985 has 41 floors and is the 18th tallest building in Los Angeles. The tower is currently owned by Brookfield Properties Inc and was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill LLP.
 The Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House near Shoshone Idaho United States were built in 1913 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. They was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings on 5 acres (2.0 ha).
 Chestnut Ridge Church is a nondenominational evangelical megachurch in Morgantown West Virginia. The church spawned two sister churches: South Ridge Church in Fairmont West Virginia and River Ridge in Charleston West Virginia.
 The Blade is a skyscraper and the tallest building in Reading Berkshire England. Used for office space it is 86 metres (282 ft) tall and is visible from many places in the town. The first tenant to occupy the building was Kaplan Financial who moved to the building from Thames Tower.
 The Van Horn Mansion was built by Judge James Van Horn in 1823. It is the site of the Town of Newfane's first town meeting April 6 1824. The name for the Town of Newfane is believed to be chosen by the town Postmaster. The Mansion includes 16 rooms and five bathrooms. It is located on Lockport-Olcott Road in Niagara County New York on Route 78 and is also considered to be haunted. It is one many National Register of Historic Places in Niagara County.
 Hinchman-Lippincott House is located in Haddon Heights Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1699 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 17 1995.
 Hermitage of Santa Caterina del Sasso (Italian: Eremo di Santa Caterina del Sasso) is a Roman Catholic monastery located in the municipality of Leggiuno in the Province of Varese and the region of Lombardy Italy.
 Crystal Palace is a skyscraper in Ljubljana Slovenia situated within the BTC City shopping centre in Nove Jarše district in the northwestern part of the city. Standing 89 metres (290 ft) and 20 storeys tall it is currently the tallest building in Slovenia.The building houses higher-class shops a wellness centre business offices and a congress hall.
 St. Joseph the Betrothed Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church is a Ukrainian church located in Chicago Illinois and belonging to the St. Nicholas Eparchy for the Ukrainian Catholics. The building has an ultra-modern roof comprising thirteen gold domes which symbolize the twelve apostles and Jesus Christ as the largest center dome.
 29 South LaSalle is a proposed 51 story skyscraper in Chicago Illinois designed by Lucien Lagrange Architects. It would stand at 870 feet (265 m). This project would include a renovation and facadectomy of the adjacent New York Life Insurance Building.
 Pleasant Hill Kentucky USA is the site of a Shaker religious community that was active from 1805 to 1910. Following a preservationist effort that began in 1961 the site now a National Historic Landmark has become a popular tourist destination. Shaker Village of Pleasant Hill or Shakertown as it is known by residents of the area is located 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Lexington in Kentucky's Bluegrass region. It is a National Historic Landmark District.
 The Hospital del Divino Salvador was the first hospital established in Mexico City for the treatment of mentally ill women.
 Music Hall completed in 1878 is Cincinnati's premier classical music performance hall. It serves as the home for the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Cincinnati Opera May Festival Chorus and the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra. In January 1975 it was recognized as a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of the Interior. The building was designed with a dual purpose - to house musical activities in its central auditorium and industrial exhibitions in its side wings.
 All Saints Church Thorpe Bassett is located in the village of Thorpe Bassett North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Southern Ryedale the archdeaconry of York and the diocese of York. Its benefice is united with those of five other local churches to form the Benefice of Buckrose Carrs. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Yorktown Center is an enclosed regional shopping mall located in the village of Lombard a suburb of Chicago Illinois United States. Opened in 1968 as the largest shopping center the mall currently features more than 100 stores on two levels. Anchor stores include Carson Pirie Scott JCPenney and a flagship Von Maur (the largest store in the Von Maur chain). The mall also features two junior anchor stores: HomeGoods and Marshalls.
 Croome Court is a mid 18th century Neo-Palladian mansion surrounded by an extensive landscaped parkland near Pershore in south Worcestershire. The mansion and park were designed by Lancelot Capability Brown with some of the internal rooms designed by Robert Adam.The park and garden are owned by the National Trust. The mansion house Croome Court was purchased by the Croome Heritage Trust and is currently leased to the National Trust.
 The First National Bank in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.It is argued to be significant because it was the first bank to be built in Mayville North Dakota. It exhibits significantdistinctive architectural style and is a landmark building in the commercial district. The bank represents an early banking endeavor inMayville and is associated with several prominent Mayville entrepreneurs.
 The Mosher House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Wellington Ohio in 1902.
 The Alpha Tau Omega Fraternity House at 205 University Terrace in Reno Nevada is a Colonial Revival building that was built in 1929. Also known as ATO House the building is on a hill overlooking University Terrace Avenue in Reno's West University neighborhood amongst other fraternities and sororities. It was a work of ATO member and Reno architect Lehman Monk Ferris.
 Casa Loma (Spanish for Hill House) is a Gothic Revival style house and gardens in midtown Toronto Ontario Canada that is now a museum and landmark. It was originally a residence for financier Sir Henry Mill Pellatt. Casa Loma was constructed over a three-year period from 1911–1914. The architect of the mansion was E. J. Lennox who was responsible for the designs of several other city landmarks.
 The St. Francis Xavier Cathedral in Vincennes Indiana is often referred to by locals as The Old Cathedral. The St. Francis Xavier Cathedral was elevated to the status of Basilica (minor basilica) on 14 March 1970.The church is located opposite George Rogers Clark National Historical Park at 205 Church Street. It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Fire Station No. 7 is a historic fire station at 665 Washington Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Loranger Methodist Church is a historic church at Allman Avenue and Magnolia Boulevard in Loranger Louisiana.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Pamela's Diner is a prominent group of diners in Pittsburgh. Its specialties are crêpe-style pancakes omelets and Lyonnaise potatoes. Is is treasured and is considered to be in the pantheon of pancake purveyors. In 2013 Pamela's Diner was featured by the Wall Street Journal in a What to Do in Pittsburgh feature story.Pamela's Diner is owned by Gail Klingensmith and Pam Cohen.
 The William Pinto House also known as William Pinto-Eli Whitney House was built in 1810.
 Craver Farmstead is a historic home located at East Greenbush in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built about 1790 and is a two story five bay wide two deep post and beam dwelling in the Federal style. It is sheathed in clapboards and is topped by a side gable roof. It features a gabled porch with sidelights and a vaulted ceiling.
 The Budd Company was a metal fabricator and major supplier of body components to the automobile industry and was formerly a manufacturer of stainless steel passenger rail cars during the 20th century.It was founded in 1912 in Philadelphia by Edward G. Budd whose fame came from his development of the first all-steel automobile bodies in 1913 and in the 1930s his company's invention of the shotweld technique for joining pieces of stainless steel without damaging its anti-corrosion properties.
 The El Cortez Hotel at 239 W. 2nd St. in Reno Nevada is a historic Art Deco-style hotel that was designed by Reno architects George A. Ferris and Son and was built in 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was deemed significant as fine example of Art Deco architecture and of the work of the Ferris firm. Seven stories tall it was the tallest building in Reno. It is decorated with low-relief terra cotta work. In 1983 it still served as a hotel.
 The Portland City Hall is the center of city government in Portland Maine. The structure was built in 1909 and was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Thomas Youngs House is a historic home located at Pittsford in Monroe County New York. It was originally built in 1818 as a 1 1⁄2-story frame dwelling. It was substantially enlarged in 1830 with the addition of a 2 1⁄2-story Federal-style gable-roofed main block.
 The Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage also known as the Stone House the Rock House and the Superintendent's Quarters is a house in Colorado National Monument. The National Park Service Rustic house was designed in 1934 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and built in several phases by the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps using native red sandstone in a coursed ashlar pattern.
 Desun Hospital & Heart Institute is a hospital and heart research institute of Kolkata West Bengal India. This is an NABH accredited hospital.
 Church of Christ the King Birkenhead is in Beckwith Street Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. It is part of the Birkenhead Priory Parish and serves the centre of the town of Birkenhead. The other church is the parish is the chapel of Birkenhead Priory. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Bendigo Post Office is a building on Pall Mall in Bendigo a provincial city in the Australian state of Victoria. The building was built between 1883 and 1887 by the contractors McCulloch and McAlpine and designed by Public Works architect George W.
 The Delta Flight Museum is an aviation and corporate museum located in Atlanta Georgia United States. The museum is housed in two 1940s-era Delta Air Lines maintenance hangars which were used until the 1960s when the Delta Technical Operations Center formerly known as the Jet Base was completed. The museum is a nonprofit organization and relies on volunteers donations special event rentals and Museum Store sales.
 The Alabama Museum of Natural History is the state's natural history museum located in Smith Hall at the University of Alabama campus in Tuscaloosa. The oldest museum in the state it was founded in 1831. The exhibits depict the natural diversity of Alabama from the Age of Dinosaurs the Coal Age and the Ice Age. Collections include items relating to geology zoology mineralogy paleontology ethnology history and photography.
 Antaragram (or Antara) is a noted Mental Health institution located in the outskirts of Kolkata India. It is operated by the Antara Society. Antara was established in 1980 by a group of like minded Psychiatrists and other Mental Health Professionals.
 Ventura County Medical Center is a hospital in the city of Ventura California USA. It is a 208 bed acute care hospital. The county also operates a 49 bed campus in Santa Paula.
 Cogges Priory was a priory in Oxfordshire England.
 The church of St Mary Magdalene is a Church of England religious building in North Ockendon England (and within the Upminster post town). It is a Grade I listed building.
 Onderdonk House also known as Haring House and Arie Smith-Onderdonk House was a historic home located at Piermont in Rockland County New York. It was built over three periods of construction: about 1737 about 1810 and about 1867. It consisted of a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed main block and a 1 1⁄2-story wing both of sandstone construction.
 The A.F. Cappelli Block on DePasquale Plaza is a historic site at 263 Atwells Avenue on Federal Hill in Providence Rhode Island.The block was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Sebastian's Church is the centre of worship of Christianity in Neyyassery. Neyyassery is a village in Kerala. The church is located in a beautiful location at the heart of this village. The church is located at 11 km away from Thodupuzha which is in Idukki district. It was established in 1852AD and was rebuilt in 1987. First stone laid for new church on the feast day of Angel Michael (archangel).
 The Angel Islington is an historic landmark and a series of buildings that have stood on the corner of Islington High Street and Pentonville Road in Islington London England. The site of the Angel Inn from the 16th century on lands belonging to the Clerkenwell Priory it was rebuilt many times and the site was bisected by the New Road in 1756. It gave its name to Angel tube station opened in 1901 and the surrounding Angel area of London.
 Masons' Hall located in Richmond Virginia was built during 1785 to 1787 by Richmond Lodge No.10. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973.At the time of its NRHP listing it was the oldest Masonic building in the United States that was built as a Masonic meetingplace and used continuously for that purpose and one of few surviving buildings from the 18th century in Richmond.
 Peterborough Town House is a historic town house at 1 Grove Street in Peterborough New Hampshire.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Kastrup Værk (English: Kastrup Works) was a pottery and tile works in Kastrup now a suburb of Copenhagen on the Danish island of Amager.
 St. Joseph's Church also known as St. Joseph & St. Patrick Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex at 704-708 Columbia Street in Utica Oneida County New York. The complex consists of the church St. Joseph's Parochial School (1885) St. Joseph's Parochial Residence (1906) and Parish Convent building (1891).The church was built in 1871 and is 180 feet long with a simple basilican plan in the German Romanesque style. It is built of brick with limestone trim.
 The Église Saint-Polycarpe (Church of St. Polycarp) is a church located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon on the slopes of La Croix-Rousse between rue René Leynaud rue Burdeau and passages Mermet and Thiaffait. It is the oldest church of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri.
 The Buckeystown Historic District includes the majority of the small town of Buckeystown Maryland an unincorporated community located in Frederick County Maryland USA. It is named for George Buckey a tanner and his brother John Buckey a blacksmith and tavern owner. Buckeystown is on the U.S National Register of Historic Places and the Maryland Civil War Trail due to its rich history and beautiful examples of Queen Anne and Victorian style houses along with a small commercial center.
 Urnes Stave Church (Norwegian: Urnes stavkyrkje) is a 12th-century stave church at Ornes along the Lustrafjorden in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It sits on the eastern side of the fjord directly across the fjord from the village of Solvorn and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the village of Hafslo. It has been owned by Fortidsminneforeningen (Society for the Preservation of Norwegian Ancient Monuments) since 1881.
 City Hall (formerly the Council House) has been the seat of local government in Bristol England since 1956 (before then the seat was in the Old Council House on Corn Street). It is situated on College Green opposite the Cathedral and at the foot of Park Street in Bristol city centre (grid reference ST582728). Throughout its history it has been home to Bristol City Council.It was designed in the 1930s but built after World War II. The architect was Vincent Harris.
 The Rucker House also known as Caretaker's House in Bauxite Arkansas was built in 1905. It was a work of the Pittsburgh Reduction Co. (a predecessor of Alcoa).The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It was deemed important as the only surviving intact house of the original Bauxite a company town that was established in 1903. It was home of the company's plant supervisor W. A. Rucker.
 Oregon Caves Historic District covers 60 acres (240000 m2) in the main visitor area of Oregon Caves National Monument in southern Oregon. The district includes four primary buildings plus two other structures. Because of the unique rustic architecture of these National Park Service buildings and the surrounding park landscape the area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Fugal Dugout House at what is now 630 N. 400 East in Pleasant Grove Utah was built in 1869. It was used as the foundation for a stone house in 1882. It is architecturally significant as the only known example in Utah of a dugout serving as the basis for a later house expansion. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Waiola Church is the site of a historic mission established in 1823 on the island of Maui in Hawaii. Originally called Waineʻe Church till 1953 the cemetery is the final resting place for early members of the royal family of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
 The Lambert-Parent House is a historic house in the village of Union City Ohio United States. Built in 1881 it was initially the home of George Lambert who founded multiple major businesses in Union City and participated in the automobile manufacturing firm founded by his brother John. Built of brick on a stone foundation and topped with a slate roof it is a fine example of the Italianate style of architecture and one of the most prominent structures in Union City.
 Dr. Henry Leetch House is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It was built between 1931 and 1932 and is a two story wood frame structure on a fieldstone foundation with a gable roof in the Tudor Revival style. It features cure porch built over the garage and another at the rear of the house. It was designed by noted local architect William L. Distin for Dr.
 Bradford City Hall is a Grade I listed 19th-century town hall in Centenary Square Bradford West Yorkshire England and is notable for its landmark bell/clock tower.
 The Congregational Church (also known as the United Church of Christ) is a historic church building at 921 Main Street in Berlin New Hampshire.The Stick-Eastlake style building was constructed in 1882 on land donated by the Berlin Mills Company and was the first church building in Berlin.
 The Fayette County Courthouse in West Union Iowa United States was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Dormition of the Theotokos Church (Bulgarian: Църква Св. Успение Богородично / Tsŭrkva Sv. Uspenie Bogorodichno) is an Eastern Orthodox church building in Targovishte. It is one of the finest examples of the middle and late Bulgarian National Revival church architecture.The building is situated in the Varosha Quarter - the old town in Targovishte.The church was built in the period 1847–1851 by Usta Dimitar from the Tryavna School.
 Harriton House originally known as Bryn Mawr is an historic house on Pennsylvania's Main Line most famously the residence of Charles Thomson the secretary of the Continental Congress.
 Trinity Church is an historic church located at 833 Route 12A in Cornish New Hampshire in the United States. It began in 1793 as the Episcopal Society and became Trinity Episcopal Church in 1795. Instrumental in its establishment was Philander Chase son of one of the three founders of Cornish and then a student at Dartmouth College.
 Lenox District No. 4 Schoolhouse now known as Lincoln Town Hall is a historic school building located at Clockville in Madison County New York. It was built in 1854 and is a story clapboard frame structure on a concrete block foundation. It was remodeled in 1929-1930. It features a rooftop belfry containing the original 1970 schoolhouse bell.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Hancock House also known as the Alpha House is a historic home located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and is a large 2 1/2-story frame dwelling in the American Foursquare style. It features a massive very deep porch encircling the house on the front and side elevations and a porte cochere. The house was purchased by the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity of Bluefield State College in 1962.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Meridian Gate is a hotel and residential skyscraper complex in Cardiff Wales. Meridian Gate comprises two buildings the taller of which is 63 metres high has 21 floors and contains the largest hotel in Cardiff operated by Radisson Blu. It is the joint-fifth tallest building in Cardiff.
 Bedok Mall is a shopping mall in Bedok Singapore. It is the first full-fledged shopping mall located in the heart of the Bedok Town Centre. It is officially opened on December 3 2013.
 The Michigan Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument is a Civil War monument located in Downtown Detroit Michigan. This example of civic sculpture stands in a prominent location on the southeast tip of Campus Martius Park where five principal thoroughfares—Michigan Avenue Monroe Street Cadillac Square Fort Street and Woodward Avenue—convene on the reconstructed traffic circle in front of Compuware World Headquarters. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The University of Florida Campus Historic District is a historic district on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida. The district bounded by West University Avenue Southwest 13th Street Stadium Road and North-South Drive encompasses approximately 650 acres (2.6 km2) and contains 11 listed buildings plus contributing properties. On April 20 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Couch-Artrip House also known as Longmeadow and The Holmwood is a historic home located near Southside Mason County West Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two story brick residence in a vernacular Greek Revival-style. It features an Italianate style front porch and one-story addition added about 1875. It also has a corbeled cornice composed of four brick courses.
 Zétrud-Lumay Castle is a castle in Jodoigne Walloon Brabant Belgium located in Zétrud-Lumay.
 The Halverson Log Cabin is located on the campus of the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Louisa United Methodist Church is a historic church at Main Cross and Madison Streets in Louisa Kentucky.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Summit Playhouse is a theater in Summit New Jersey and home to one of the oldest continuously operating amateur community theaters in the United States producing a new show each calendar season. In 2011 it presented Meet Me in St. Louis Closer Than Ever and Speed the Plow.
 TheHouse at 12 West Water Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a rare local example of a Second Empire house. The wood frame house was built c. 1860 and has two full stories and a third beneath the mansard roof. The house may have been built by Cyrus Wakefield owner of the Wakefield Rattan Company.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Church of St. Paraskevi (Russian: Церковь Параскевы-Пятницы на Торгу Tserkov Paraskevy Pyatnitsy na Torgu) in Veliky Novgorod is one of Russia's oldest churches dating from 1207. The church is located at the city center at the former Yaroslav's Court and the market square. It is currently a museum.The Church of St. Paraskevi is on the World Heritage list as a part of object 604 Historic Monuments of Novgorod and Surroundings.
 The Harmon School at Kirn Rd. and Harmon Rd. near Fallon Nevada is a historic building that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The listing included three contributing buildings on 10 acres (4.0 ha).
 St Mary Magdalene Richmond in the Anglican Diocese of Southwark is a Grade II* listed parish church on Paradise Road Richmond London. The body of the church which also includes an early-16th-century tower faced with flint and stone in 1903–04 was built in 1750.
 Cumberland City Hall is a historic city hall in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland United States. It was built between 1911 and 1912 and replaced the Cumberland Maryland City Hall & Academy of Music. It is a 7-by-7-bay two-story stone-faced neo-classical structure. It features an irregular corner into which the architect has recessed a curving bay; the upper window in this curving bay has been filled with glass block.
 The Lewis Tower House is an historic house built around 1825. It is situated at 2199 Mendon Road in Cumberland Rhode Island. It is a Federal style house that is two-and-one-half-stories with a flank gable roof and an L-plan. The house is set into a small hill and has a one-and-one half-story gabled ell at the rear. An original two-story hip-roof veranda extends across the front; its second story level continues along the side and ell.
 The Villa Marina Hotel is a high-rise building in Ensenada Baja California. It serves primarily as hotel for tourists to the city and is located adjacent to the Port of Ensenada.It is located within the central business district of Ensenada and is the tallest building within the downtown area though not in the city.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal parish church in Peoria Illinois United States. It is the former cathedral of the Diocese of Quincy.
 Dillaway School is an historic school at 16-20 Kenilworth Street in Boston Massachusetts.The school was built in 1882 by George Albert Clough and was added to the National Historic Register in 1980.
 Camp Tosebo on the south shore of Portage Lake in Onekama Township Michigan was established in 1912 by Noble Hill the headmaster of the Todd Seminary for Boys in Woodstock Illinois as one of the first summer camps in the United States. The name of the camp is an acronym derived from the school's name TOdd SEminary for BOys and meant to sound like a Native American Indian word.
 The Museum of Contemporary Canadian Art (MOCCA) was founded from the former Art Gallery of North York in 1999 and exists as a not-for-profit arms-length agency of the City of Toronto. In 2005 MOCCA relocated to the West Queen West Art + Design District in downtown Toronto.
 The National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology (Irish: Ard-Mhúsaem na hÉireann - Seandálaíocht) is a branch of the National Museum of Ireland located on Kildare Street in Dublin Ireland. It features displays on prehistoric Ireland including early work in gold church treasures and the Viking and medieval periods.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Reform congregation located at 10460 North 56th Street in Scottsdale Arizona. Formally incorporated in 1920 it affiliated with the Reform movement in 1935.Abraham Lincoln Krohn was rabbi of Beth Israel from 1938 to 1953 and during his tenure the congregation grew from under 100 to almost 600 member families.
 Swingfield Preceptory (or St John's Commandery Swingfield)was a priory about 5 miles north of Folkestone on the south coast of England.
 Miles Raplee House is a historic home located at Milo in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival style structure was built about 1845 and features a monumental proportioned temple portico with full pediment and wide entabulature supported by massive two story columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Castle of Campo Maior (Portuguese: Castelo de Campo Maior) is a medieval military fortification in the civil parish of São João Bapista municipality of Campo Maior part of a first line of defense in the Portuguese Alentejo oriented towards Spain in conjunction with the military forts of Ouguela Elvas Olivença and Juromenha. It is a walled bulwark of the modern era highlighted by a Renaissance-era window in the northern tower of the castle.
 Hopewell High School Complex also known as James E. Mallonee Middle School is a historic high school complex located at Hopewell Virginia. The original section was built in 1925 and is a two-story seven-bay brick building resting on a full basement with Tudor Revival style details. Attached to the main building is a two-story shop addition built in 1935. The school was used as a high school until 1968 when the new Hopewell High School was constructed.
 The Unknown Confederate Soldier Monument in Horse Cave is a monument between Horse Cave Kentucky and Kentucky Down Under off the main road between Horse Cave and I-65 on the Old Dixie Highway in Hart County Kentucky. Among the various monuments of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission all of which became part of the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 it is an oddity for several reasons.
 Tolson's Chapel is a historic African American church located at Sharpsburg Washington County Maryland United States. It was built in 1866 and served as a church and a Freedmen's Bureau school for black residents of Sharpsburg in the years following the American Civil War.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 John L. Hart House in Hartsville South Carolina also known as Hart-Mills Cottage was built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is located in the East Home Avenue Historic District.
 Maison du Brésil is a building in the Cité Universitaire complex in Paris France designed by noted architects Le Corbusier and Lúcio Costa for brazilian students and scientists. It was built in 1957 and refurbished in 2000.
 The Black Rock Historic District is a historic district in the Black Rock neighborhood of Bridgeport Connecticut.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. At that time it included 109 contributing buildings and 3 other contributing structures. The historic district sits at the head of Black Rock Harbor.Black Rock was once a village which was the third largest harbor in Connecticut at one time. Later it was a summer resort area.
 The Riggs Spring Fire Trail also known as the Riggs Spring Loop Trail was built in Bryce Canyon National Park in 1936 to provide access to the park's backcountry for fire suppression crews.
 The Robert B. Atwood Building is an office building in Downtown Anchorage Alaska. The building houses government offices for the State of Alaska. Standing at 20 stories and 81 m (265 ft) it is the second-tallest building in Alaska. The building was formerly known as the Bank of America Center. Together with the slightly taller Conoco-Phillips Building the skyscraper defines Anchorage's skyline.
 The Mansfield Art Center is an art center in the Woodland neighborhood of Mansfield Ohio United States. The art center is operated by the Mansfield Fine Arts Guild which was founded as a non-profit arts organization in 1945.
 The Pence Automobile Company Warehouse also known as Richtman's Printing is a historic commercial building located on Northern Pacific Avenue in Fargo North Dakota. It was designed in 1918 by Minneapolis architects Long Lamoreaux & Long in Classical Revival architecture. The building was completed in 1920 at a cost of more than $175000.
 Four Embarcadero Center is a class-A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The building is part of the Embarcadero Center complex of six interconnected buildings and one off-site extension. The skyscraper completed in 1982 stands 174 m (571 ft) with 45 stories. Four Embarcadero Center is the tallest building out of the entire complex standing at slightly taller than One Embarcadero Center which is the second tallest in the complex without its flagpole.
 Carry A. Nation House near Lancaster Kentucky is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Garrard County Kentucky. It was built in 1846.It was a home of Carrie Nation also known as Carry A. Nation and was listed on the NRHP using the latter name.
 Kheng Hock Keong Temple (Chinese: 慶福宮; pinyin: Qìngfú Gōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Khèng-hok-kiong; Burmese: ခိန့်ဟုတ်ဗုဒ္ဓဘာသာဘုရားကျောင်း) located on the corner of Sintodan Street and Strand Road in Latha Township Yangon (Rangoon) Burma (Myanmar) is the largest and oldest Chinese Buddhist and Taoist temple dedicated to the Chinese goddess Mazu in Yangon. It was originally built as a wooden temple in 1861 and completed in 1863. A new brick building was completed in 1903 costing over 153000 rupees.
 The Emanuel Kahn House at 678 E. South Temple St. in Salt Lake City Utah is a Queen Anne house that was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It is significant for its association with Emanuel Kahn an immigrant from Germany who was one of the first Jewish merchants in Utah.
 The Auburn Gallipoli Mosque is an Ottoman-style mosque in Auburn a suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia. More than 500 worshippers attend every day and around 2000 worshippers attend the weekly special Friday prayer at the Auburn Gallipoli Mosque and is primarily used by Turkish Australians.
 The Thomas Shelby House near Lexington Missouri was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It has also been known as Kerr House.
 The Gleason Building is a historic commercial building at 349-351 Essex Street in Lawrence Massachusetts. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque building six stories tall faced in brick and brownstone. It was built by William Oswald to a design by Arthur Gray and boasted the city's first hydraulic elevator.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Lawrence's Church Evesham is a redundant Anglican church in the centre of the town of Evesham Worcestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands close to All Saints Church and to the bell tower of the former Evesham Abbey.
 The Mt. Olive Road Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Vinton County Ohio United States. Located northeast of Allensville the bridge carries Mt. Olive Road through a valley in northwestern Vinton County. In the earliest days of white settlement of southern Ohio the Mt. Olive Road was a major transportation artery; until about 1825 it was heavily used by travellers between Marietta and Chillicothe.Built on stone piers and covered with a metal roof the Mt.
 Milk & Honey is an award-winning cocktail bar in Soho London and the Lower East Side Manhattan [1]. The London branch is operated as a private members' club although non-members can visit before 11pm with a prior reservation [2].
 The Bic Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Sfanta Treime Bic) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Bic Șimleu Silvaniei Romania.Since 1997 inside Bic Monastery there is the wooden church from Stâna; built in 1778 it has a rectangular plan with nave and pronave.
 The United Nations Secretariat Building is a 154 m (505 ft) tall skyscraper and the centerpiece of the United Nations Headquarters located in the Turtle Bay area of Manhattan in New York City. The lot where the building stands is considered United Nations territory although remains part of the United States.
 New Geneva Historic District is a national historic district located at Nicholson Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 29 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the community of New Geneva. The oldest buildings are the late-18th century log Bothwell House and Thompson House and the stone Wilson House (c. 1800). Most of the contributing buildings were built between c.
 Wonder Works is a children's museum a non-profit corporation established in 2002 located in the village of Oak Park Illinois. It is the successor to the Children's Museum of Oak Park established in 1993. The museum is dedicated to the principle of offering a fun largely self-directed playing and learning place for children.Occupying its own building in one of the village's business districts the museum attracted fifty thousand visitors in 2004.
 Main Street Methodist Episcopal Church South also known as the Main Street United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Danville Virginia. It was built between 1865 and 1873 and is a scored stucco over brick Romanesque Revival style porch. It features an elaborate 87 feet tall corner bell tower that dates from an 1890-1891 church enlargement and remodeling. A complimentary flanking educational building was added in 1923.
 Buckman Tavern is a historic American Revolutionary War site associated with the revolution's very first battle the 1775 Battle of Lexington and Concord. It is located on the Battle Green in Lexington Massachusetts and operated as a museum by the Lexington Historical Society.
 All Saints Church is the Anglican parish church of Patcham an ancient Sussex village which is now part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. A place of worship has existed on the hilltop site for about 1000 years but the present building has Norman internal features and a 13th-century exterior. Several rounds of restoration in the Victorian era included some structural additions.
 St. Alphonsus Ligouri Rock Catholic Church is an historic African-American Roman Catholic church in St. Louis Missouri. The church is a Gothic Revival structure and has a towering steeple flanking spires and an assortment of stained glass.
 The Antigo Post Office is the post office serving the city of Antigo Wisconsin. The post office was built in 1916 in the Classical Revival style using brick with limestone and granite features; at the time it cost $60000 to build. Antigo has had a post office since 1879; however this post office was the first owned by the federal government.
 Providence Church (today known as Kindred's Antiques) is a historic church building in Nicholasville Kentucky.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Alexander Hamilton House is a historic home located at 45 East Main Street in Waynesboro Franklin County Pennsylvania is now the site of the Alexander Hamilton Memorial Free Library. The town’s library is not named for Alexander Hamilton the founding father but for Alexander Hamilton a Waynesboro land speculator and wagon maker.
 Marble Palace (Мраморный дворец) is one of the first Neoclassical palaces in Saint Petersburg Russia. It is situated between the Field of Mars and Palace Quay slightly to the east from New Michael Palace.
 The Baptist Church in Exeter also known as Chestnut Hill Baptist Church is an historic building located at 467 Ten Rod Road in Exeter Rhode Island.The church building was constructed in 1838 in a Greek Revival style. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1978. Mercy Brown an alleged vampire was buried in the Chestnut Hill Baptist Church cemetery in 1892 and later exhumed.
 Mondawmin Mall is a three-level shopping mall in Northwest Baltimore Maryland United States. The mall was a development of James Rouse and opened in October 1956. Mondawmin was the name of the corn goddess in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem The Song of Hiawatha.
 The Vittoriale degli italiani (English translation: The shrine of Italian victories) is a hillside estate in the town of Gardone Riviera overlooking the Garda lake in province of Brescia Lombardy. It is where the Italian writer Gabriele d'Annunzio lived after his defenestration in 1922 until his death in 1938.
 Bristol Waterfront Historic District is a historical district in Bristol Rhode Island.The district stretches from Bristol Harbor to East side of Wood St. as far North as Washington Street and South to Walker Coven and contains many excellent examples of Victorian domestic architecture and it was added 1971 as district #75000053 to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Brownley Confectionery Building is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington D.C. The architectural firm of Porter & Lockie designed the building which is one of the last Art Deco commercial buildings in the downtown area. The limestone façade features aluminum spandrel panels. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Red House is a 1903 building in New York City. It was built on land owned by Canadian architect R. Thomas Short of the Beaux-Arts firm Harde & Short. He and his firm designed and built the building. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 8 1983.
 The Bangkok Christian Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลกรุงเทพคริสเตียน) is one of the oldest general hospitals in Bangkok Thailand. Situated on Silom Road Bangrak District.
 Eikesdal Church (Norwegian: Eikesdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Eikesdalen. The church is part of the Eikesdal parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1866 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 100 people.
 The Historic Anderson House Hotel is a hotel in Wabasha Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hotel opened in 1856 and was Minnesota's oldest continuously operating bed and breakfast inn west of the Mississippi River. Most of the furniture dates back to 1856 as well.The hotel was built by B.F. Hurd in 1856 and was known as the Hurd House until 1909. Hurd's son-in-law became owner of the hotel in 1885 and added a third story and a west wing.
 The New Orleans Museum of Art (or NOMA) is the oldest fine arts museum in the city of New Orleans. It is situated within City Park a short distance from the intersection of Carrollton Avenue and Esplanade Avenue and near the terminus of the Canal Street - City Park streetcar line. It was established in 1911 as the Delgado Museum of Art.
 St Catherine of Siena Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church situated on Bristol Street in Birmingham. It was founded in 1874 and demolished and replaced in 1964. The church is within the Archdiocese of Birmingham and has been run by the Missionary Society of St. Columban since 2005.
 Longmeadow Evangelical Church is an Independent Evangelical Church situated in Stevenage Hertfordshire. The church is an active member of the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches (FIEC).
 For the building in Minneapolis Minnesota see Metropolitan Building (Minneapolis).The Metropolitan Building is a high-rise office building located on a triangular lot at 33 John R Street in downtown Detroit Michigan near Grand Circus Park.The building was built in 1924 and finished in 1925. It stands at 15 stories and was once occupied by shops offices and the facilities of jewelry manufacturers and wholesalers leading it to also be known as the Jeweler's Building.
 The C & H Refinery Historic District comprises an intact industrial complex in Lusk Wyoming that documents an early 20th-century refinery.
 Manordeifi Old Church is a redundant church in Manordeifi Pembrokeshire Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. The church stands near the River Teifi and worshippers were sometimes trapped when the river flooded. They were then ferried home in a coracle that was kept in the church porch for this purpose.
 'The Mercer Hotel located at the corner of Mercer and Prince Street in SoHo New York City was the second acquisition in the luxury collection of André Balazs hotels. It offers 75 guest rooms on six floors of a Romanesque revival building.Opening in 1997 The Mercer is the sister hotel to Hollywood's Chateau Marmont.
 Amarone is a restaurant in Rotterdam Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2008–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Amarone is Gert Blom.In 2007 the restaurant was the highest new entry in the Lekker Top-100 2008 at spot 54; at this point Amarone had only been in business for fifteen months. The Michelin star awarded just 2 weeks later took them completely by surprise.
 Greenfield also known as Col. William Preston Plantation Preston House and Botetourt Center at Greenfield is a historic plantation site located at Fincastle Botetourt County Virginia. It is the house site of a plantation established in the mid-18th century by Colonel William Preston. The plantation home was destroyed by fire in 1959. The remaining buildings are kitchen/quarters (c. 1832) and saddlebag slave dwelling (c. 1850). It was the home of Col.
 The Joseph Remick House is a historic house at 84 Cambridge Street and 4 Swan Road in Winchester Massachusetts. The two story stucco-clad house was built in 1909 by Joseph Remick and is sometimes called the Baby Sanborn House for its resemblance to the much larger Sanborn House just down the road. The house has a central five-bay section which is flanked by wings that are one story in front and two in back.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Beth Jacob Congregation is a synagogue in Beverly Hills California. It is the largest Orthodox synagogue in the Western United States.
 The Bogardus-DeWindt House is located on Tompkins Avenue a short distance west of NY 9D in Beacon New York United States. It typifies the houses built in the region between 1750 and 1830 and has largely remained in its original form even as newer housing has been built in the neighborhood.During that time the Hudson Valley was experiencing a new wave of settlement by New Englanders moving west.
 Warner Theater also known as The High Street Theater is a historic movie theater located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted Chicago theater design firm of Rapp and Rapp and built by Warner Brothers. It opened on November 14 1930. It is a composite of one- two- and three-story buildings in the Art Deco style. It includes the theater restaurant and a series of seven small stores.
 The Sheraton Ankara is a hotel and convention center in Ankara Turkey. It is run by Sheraton Hotels and Resorts and is located in the Kavaklıdere quarter of central Ankara near the city's central business district. The complex which comprises a skyscraper (the hotel tower) and the adjacent convention center building was opened in 1991. It was designed by the German architecture firm Architekten von Gerkan Marg und Partner.
 Beck House also known as the Old Scott House is a historic home located at Sunbury Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections; one about 1785 and the front section in 1796. The original section is a two bay by two bay structure constructed of rough fieldstone. The original section features large corner quoins. The front section is stone structure two stories high and three bays wide.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Great-Martyr George (Serbian: Саборни храм Светог великомученика Георгија / Saborni hram Svetog velikomučenika Georgija locally known as Saborna crkva) is the seat of the Serbian Orthodox Eparchy of Bačka located in Novi Sad northern Serbia. The present-day church was completed in 1905 on the ruins of a church built in 1734 that was destroyed in 1849. It is located next to the eparchy offices in Bishop's Palace in Nikola Pašić Street.
 Bradley Priory was an Augustinian priory in Leicestershire England.
 The Capitol Theater was located at 542 State Street in Salem Oregon United States. Part of the Bligh Building it was built in the 1920s for vaudeville. During its heyday it housed a Wurlitzer pipe organ which is now in private ownership in Washington. The theater was demolished in 2000 but the retail portion of the building now known as the Pacific Building still stands.
 Etihad Towers is the name of a complex of buildings with five towers in Abu Dhabi the capital city of the United Arab Emirates.
 The Sanctuary of the Madonna of San Luca is a basilica church in Bologna northern Italy sited atop a forested hill Colle or Monte della Guardia some 300 metres above the city plain just south-west of the historical centre of the city. While a road now leads up to the sanctuary it is also possible to reach it along a (3.5 km) monumental roofed arcade (Portico di San Luca) consisting of 666 arches which was built in 1674-1793. It was meant to protect the icon as it was paraded up the hill.
 Alfercam Museum ((Spanish): Museo Alfercam) was a music and automobile museum in Avilés Asturias Spain. Its name was a combination of the owners' names: Alfredo and Fernando Campelo. Established 15 December 2006 it was Aviles' first museum and was open Wednesday through Sunday. It closed 19 November 2008 due to financial losses.The over 1000 sq ft (93 m2) space exhibited the collections of the Campelo brothers.
 The Church of St. Andrew is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 20 Cardinal Hayes Place Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1842 and has been staffed by the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament ever since.In 1892 the address listed was on Duane Street and the corner of City Hall Place.The present building was erected in 1939 through a joint effort involving the famous Boston firm Maginnis & Walsh and Robert J.
 University of Maryland Medical Center Midtown Campus (formerly Maryland General Hospital) is a hospital in the downtown area of Baltimore Maryland. The hospital was founded in 1881 by a group of local doctors for teaching purposes. Since 1999 the hospital has been affiliated with the University of Maryland Medical System.
 The First Unitarian Church at 2401 Bancroft Way in Berkeley California is a former church building that was built in 1898. It was designed by Albert C. Schweinfurth who made unconventional use of Shingle Style architecture usually applied to homes in designing a church.
 The Queens Detention Facility (QDF) is a federal prison located in Jamaica Queens New York City (Springfield Gardens) and operated by the private prison company GEO Group.The facility opened in March 1997 under a contract between GEO Group and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. When that agreement was not extended by ICE past its mid-2005 expiration the United States Marshals Service contracted with GEO to house mostly pre-trial federal detainees here.
 The Virginia & Truckee (V&T) Railroad Depot of Carson City Nevada is a historic railroad station that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It is significant for its association with the economically important role of the V&T railroad historically in Carson City following discovery of the Comstock Lode mine in 1859.
 Kingsdale Shopping Center also known as Kingsdale Kingsdale Center and Kingsdale Mall is a large mixed-use shopping center in Upper Arlington Ohio a suburb of Columbus. It features a Macy's and Giant Eagle.Built in 1959 the shopping center covers 38 acres between Tremont Road and Northwest Boulevard. It is the location of the world's first Automated Teller Machine (ATM) and where Les Wexner opened his first Limited store.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Tucson (FCC Tucson) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Arizona. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.The complex consists of two facilities:Federal Correctional Institution Tucson (FCI Tucson): a medium-security facility.United States Penitentiary Tucson (USP Tucson): a high-security facility with a satellite prison camp for minimum-security inmates.
 The Wakefield Rattan Company was the world's leading manufacturer of furniture and objects made from rattan in the second half of the 19th century. Founded by Cyrus Wakefield in 1851 in South Reading Massachusetts (now Wakefield) the company perfected machinery for working with rattan developing looms for weaving chair seats and mats. The company's products also included wicker furniture and baby carriages.
 The Hamburg Bridge Historic District is located in Lyme Connecticut. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 10 1983.
 The Mısır Apartment or Mısır Apartmanı (Turkish for Egypt Apartment) is a famed historical building on the renowned İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul Turkey. Over the years the building has hosted numerous notables persons and businesses including Mehmet Akif Ersoy Lazzaro Franco and Hüsamettin Cindoruk. It is considered one of the notable examples of Art Nouveau style architecture in Istanbul and was a popular spot for the high society of the city.
 The Donaciano Vigil House is a house in the Santa Fe Historic District in Santa Fe New Mexico United States. It was built in 1832 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is named after Donaciano Vigil who became the first Hispanic governor of New Mexico.
 The Ririe A Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge is a bridge located in Ririe Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Grand Avenue Water Tower is a water tower located at the intersection of Grand Avenue and 20th street in the College Hill neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. It is the oldest extant water tower in St. Louis pre-dating both the Bissell Street Water Tower and the Compton Hill Water Tower.
 The Stinson Memorial Library is a public library located at 409 S. Main St. in Anna Illinois. The library was designed by Walter Burley Griffin in 1913 and constructed in 1913-14. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 9 1978.
 Morgan Hook and Ladder Company is a historic fire station located at Naples in Ontario County New York. The original part of the two story frame structure was built about 1830 as a Federal style dwelling and later expanded and converted to a fire station in 1891 or 1892. It features a prominent hose drying / bell tower. It ceased being used as a fire station in 1926.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Six Flags Mall opened in 1970 at 2831 East Division Street (SH 180) and SH 360 in Arlington Texas between Fort Worth and Dallas. Arlington's first enclosed shopping center it was named after the nearby Six Flags Over Texas theme park. A new owner acquired roughly one-third of the mall in December 2012 and announced plans to redevelop it as a Hispanic-oriented shopping mall called Plaza Center.
 Tantris is a restaurant in Munich Germany. Opened in 1971 it is regarded as one of the best restaurants in Germany. It was voted 44th best in the world in the Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2009.[citation needed] Chefs have included Eckart Witzigmann and Heinz Winkler. Since 1991 the chef has been Hans Haas.Tantris has been awarded two Michelin stars.
 Union Church Presbyterian Church is a historic church on MS 550 in Union Church Mississippi.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Pelican Place at Craft Farms is a 372000-square-foot (34600 m2) lifestyle center in Gulf Shores Alabama. It is planned to expand to 650000 square feet (60000 m2). It was designed by CMH Architects of Birmingham the firm that also designed the Eastern Shore Centre in nearby Spanish Fort. It was developed by Colonial Properties as part their Pinnacle brand of lifestyle centers and was originally known as the Pinnacle at Craft Farms.
 The Batavia Institute is a Registered Historic Place located in Batavia Illinois USA.
 Shepherd's Mill is a gristmill in Shepherdstown West Virginia located on Town Run just as it descends to the Potomac River. The mill was built some time prior to 1739 by Thomas Shepherd Sr. as a two-story structure. The original millwheel was probably a wood overshot wheel. The present 40-foot-diameter (12 m) Fitz Water Wheel Company steel overshot wheel was built in 1894; with the addition of a third story in the late 19th century the mill is more representative of that era.
 Palacio de las Dueñas (more properly Palace of the Dukes of Alba; occasionally Palacio de las Pinedas) is a palace in Seville Spain currently belonging to the House of Alba. It was built in the late 14th century in the Renaissance style with Gothic and Moorish influences. The palace is one of the major historic homes in the city of great architectural and artistic heritage. The poet Antonio Machado was born here as were Carlos Falcó Marqués de Griñón and Marqués de Castelmoncayo.
 Museo ItaloAmericano also known as the Italian American Museum is a museum in San Francisco California the only to focus solely on Italian and Italian-American art and culture. The nonprofit museum was founded in 1978 and is located within the Fort Mason Center.
 The Saint Mark's Church in Jamesville New York is a Gothic Revival-style church built in 1878. It no longer functions as a church and instead houses the Jamesville Community Museum.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The church occupies a prominent position in the center of the hamlet of Jamesville at the corner of E. Seneca Turnpike and Apulia Road. The Seneca Turnpike was the first highway in the region.
 The Nathaniel Felton Houses are a pair of historic houses at 43 and 47 Felton Street in Peabody Massachusetts. The Peabody Historical Society owns and operates the homes as historic house museums.The house of Nathaniel Felton Sr. at 47 Felton Street was built in 1644 and is the oldest house in Peabody.
 The Huntington Homestead also known as the Samuel Huntington Birthplace in Scotland Connecticut was the boyhood home of Samuel Huntington the American statesman. He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress where he signed the Declaration of Independence.
 Stow Abbey was an abbey in Lincolnshire England.
 St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery (Ukrainian: Михайлівський золотоверхий монастир Mykhaylivs’kyi zolotoverkhyi monastyr) is a functioning monastery in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. The monastery is located on the right bank of the Dnieper River on the edge of a bluff northeast of the Saint Sophia Cathedral.
 St Alban's was a church in Wood Street City of London. It was dedicated to Saint Alban. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt in 1634 destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt once again this time to a Gothic design by Sir Christopher Wren. It was severely damaged by bombing during the Second World War and the ruins cleared leaving only the tower.
 Pixton Park is a country house in the parish of Dulverton Somerset England. It is associated with at least three historically significant families or dynasties: the Acland baronets the politicians and diplomats the Herberts and the Waughs a series of writers. The Grade II* listed building was built around 1760 for the Acland family and later altered by the Earl of Carnarvon.
 Spitakavor Monastery (Armenian: Սպիտակավոր վանք) is a 14th-century Armenian monastic complex 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Vernashen village near the town of Yeghegnadzor of Vayots Dzor Province Armenia.
 The Literary Club of Cincinnati is located at 500 East Fourth Street across from Lytle Park in downtown Cincinnati Ohio. The club occupies a two story Greek Revival house which was built in 1820 on the site of the home of William Sargent secretary of the Northwest Territory.
 Burden Ironworks Office Building is a historic office building located at Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It was built about 1880 and is a one story brick building laid out in a cruciform plan. It features gabled and hipped roofs and a central octagonal cupola and onion dome.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Mosselprom building (Russian: Дом Моссельпрома) is a monument to Russian constructivism and avantgarde architecture. It is located in the centre of Moscow on an intersection between Kalashny Nizhny Kislovksy and Maly Kislovky side streets. It was designed by architect N. D.
 University Place Office Building was a 6-story building constructed in 1924 and had been a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Once located at 121 University Place (originally Natalie Avenue) the building was originally the Schenley Office Physicians Building designed by architect Edward B. Lee and associate architect J. B. Blair for the Physicians Land Company.
 The Pulitzer Foundation for the Arts in St. Louis Missouri opened in 2001 with a building designed by internationally renowned architect Tadao Ando. The Pulitzer is located at 3716 Washington Boulevard (between Grand Boulevard and Spring Avenue).
 CasaShopping is a shopping mall specialized in furniture's stores interior design home decoration in Brazil. It is located in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro. It opened on September 28 1984.CasaShopping has 120 stores is 61500 m² in size it is the biggest Home Decoration Mall in Latin America.
 The Laurel Industrial School Historic District is a 6-acre (2.4 ha) historic district near Laurel Virginia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 at which time it included five contributing buildings.
 Russell H. Conwell School is a historic school building located in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1925-1926. It is a three-story nine-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a central arched entryway with stone surround stone two-story bay and carved stone panels.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Capt. Seth Chandler House is an historic house at 55 Converse Street in the East Woodstock section of Woodstock Connecticut.The house was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Holland Theatre was a movie theater that operated from 1931 until 1998 in Bellefontaine Ohio United States. Like many historic theaters the Holland ultimately went out of business after a newer more technologically advanced cinema was introduced to the town.Built with the capability for both cinema and stage plays the Holland was known for large depictions of a 17th-century Dutch landscape that lined both interior sidewalls of the theater.
 The Center Mall or The Center is an enclosed shopping mall that has been converted to an office building that is located in Omaha Nebraska at the intersection of South 42nd and Center Streets. Originally opened in 1955 the mall was home to a Kilpatrick's and later a Younkers. Its opening is considered as heralding the age of shopping malls in Omaha.
 St. Joseph's Cathedral Rawalpindi Pakistan is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi.Four armed guards sit at the gates of the Cathedral guarding it as well as the Bishop's House in a garden set behind a high wall. Threats from Islamic militants have made this protection essential. Although almost any Christian institution faces similar danger the Church has no money to pay for more guards. St.
 Huber's (originally The Bureau Saloon) is a restaurant in Portland Oregon that bills itself as the city's oldest restaurant having been established in 1879. Known for its turkey dinner and Spanish coffee Huber's is often listed as a recommended restaurant to eat at in Portland. The establishment has also been featured in a film by Gus Van Sant. Huber's is within the Oregon Pioneer Building also known as the Railway Exchange Building.
 The Reliance is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1904 at Fishing Creek Maryland. She is a 41-foot-long (12 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. Her beam is 14 feet (4.3 m) and her draft is 2 feet (0.61 m). She one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 The Church of Santa María de África is a Roman Catholic church in the Spanish city of Ceuta which is located in a small Spanish exclave on the north coast of Africa.
 The Toyohashi City Museum of Art and History (豊橋市美術博物館 Toyohashi-shi Bijutsu Hakubutsukan) is a purpose-built municipal art museum and local cultural museum in Toyohashi Aichi Prefecture Japan. It was opened in 1979.The permanent collections of the museum are concentrated around five themes: Archaeological finds from local shell middens kofun and ancient ceramic kilns in the Toyohashi area. Cultural artifacts from Edo period and Meiji period sericulture and daily articles.
 Bucharest Financial Plaza is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 18 floors and a surface of 30.000 sqm. It also has 3 underground floors which are used as parking spaces for 160 cars. Bucharest Financial Plaza is one of the tallest office building in Bucharest having 83 m.Completed in 1997 it was initially the headquarters of Bancorex which went bankrupt two years later.
 The Clarence H. Cooke House later known as the Marks Estate at 3860 Old Pali Road Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built for Clarence Hyde Cooke the second son of Charles Montague Cooke and Anna Rice Cooke heirs of the Castle & Cooke fortune.
 The Church of St Michael at Brent Knoll Somerset England dates from the 11th century but has undergone several renovations since then. It has been designated as a grade I listed building.There is a Norman doorway however the rest of the church dates from around 1290.
 St Mary's Church Newchurch in Pendle is in the village of Newchurch in Pendle Lancashire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the deanery of Pendle. Its benefice is combined with that of St Thomas' Barrowford.
 Great Witcombe Roman Villa was a villa built during the Roman occupation of Britain. It is located on a hillside at Great Witcombe near Gloucester in the English county of Gloucestershire.
 Newtown Castle is a 16th-century tower house located close to the village of Ballyvaughan within the Burren area of County Clare Ireland. Uniquely for a tower house of its type in Ireland Newtown Castle is round but rises from a square pyramidical base. It is today part of the Burren College of Art.
 Phoenix Market City (Bangalore) is a shopping mall developed by Phoenix Mills Limited located in Bangalore Karnataka India. Total built up area of the mall is 2.9 million sqft which includes 1 million sqft of retail space which houses hypermarket and small retail stores. It also has PVR multiplex food court 5-star hotel and commercial space as well.
 Hilton Village is a planned English-village-style neighborhood in Newport News Virginia. Recognized as a pioneering development in urban planning it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The neighborhood was built between 1918 and 1921 in response to the need for housing during World War I for employees of Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Company. It is recognized as the United States' first Federal war-housing project.
 Real Estate Building is a historic commercial building located at Bangor Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1905 and 1907 and is a five story brick and stone building with a 1 1/2 story rear brick addition. It sits on a prominent corner in Bangor and has a curved bay window at the corner. The sides feature two sets of three vertical bay windows.
 Kamakahonu the residence of Kamehameha I was located at the North end of Kailua Bay in Kailua-Kona on Hawaiʻi Island.
 The John Gordon House is a brick home built in 1818 located along the Old Natchez Trace near Williamsport Tennessee within the boundaries of the Natchez Trace Parkway a National Park Service unit. It is one of only two remaining structures from the early history of the Natchez Trace located along the Natchez Trace Parkway.The National Park Service acquired the Gordon House and surrounding property in 1973. In 1974 the home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Basilica della Santissima Annunziata del Vastato is a Catholic cathedral in Genoa northern Italy; its decoration employed the major baroque studios and artists in Genoa in the 17th century.It is named Vastato because the area where it was built was outside the walls of the city in an area where houses had been demolished (devastated) for defensive reasons. In Latin vastinium referred to a safety belt within the protective bastions.
 The Palazzo Poggi is a palazzo in Via Zamboni 33 Bologna Italy. It is the headquarters of the University of Bologna and of the rector of the university.
 Hotel Lincoln also known as the General Francis Marion Hotel and Lincoln Inn is a historic hotel building located at Marion Smyth County Virginia. It was built in 1926-1927 and is a five-story Colonial Revival style reinforced concrete commercial building. The upper floors are faced with Kingsport velveteen brick. The third through fifth floors are U shaped and contain 19 guestrooms and 13 bathrooms per floor.
 The Fairview Apartments in Ogden Utah is a complex of buildings built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. There are two contributing buildings in the listing.
 The Church of St. Peter is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Staten Island New York City in the neighborhood of New Brighton. The parish was established in 1839. St. Peter's is the oldest of the 36 Roman Catholic parishes on Staten Island having been established in 1839 before the second-oldest St. Mary's (1852) and the third-oldest St. Joseph's (1855).
 Spanning 63 feet (19 m) the Goddard Bridge crosses the Sand Lick Creek just off Kentucky 32 about 8 miles south of Flemingsburg on Maddox road in Goddard Ky. The Pea Ridge Mountains and an old country church provide a scenic backdrop.The actual date of construction is unknown but it is built on the 1820 lattice design of Ithiel Town. The bridge was built by Joseph Goddard.
 Skjomen Church (Norwegian: Skjomen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Elvegård. The church is part of the Skjomen parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1893 and was consecrated on 17 July 1893. The church seats about 240 people.
 The Henry Wilson Shoe Shop is an historic ten footer building located at 181 West Central Street Route 135 in Natick Massachusetts in the United States. Built in the 1850s it was the shoe shop of Henry Wilson a Senator from Massachusetts and the eighteenth Vice President of the United States. On July 24 2000 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Woodmere Art Museum located in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania has a collection of paintings prints sculpture and photographs focusing on artists from the Delaware Valley and includes works by Thomas Pollock Anshutz Severo Antonelli Jasper Francis Cropsey (The Spirit of Peace) Daniel Garber Edward Moran Violet Oakley Herbert Pullinger Edward Willis Redfield Nelson Shanks Jessie Willcox Smith Benjamin West (The Fatal Wounding of Sir Philip Sidney) and N. C.
 The Old U.S. Customshouse and Post Office at 300 West Liberty Street in Louisville Kentucky was built in 1853. It served historically as a courthouse as a customhouse and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Ridderzaal (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɪdərzaːl] Hall of Knights) is the main building of the 13th century Binnenhof in The Hague Netherlands. It is used for the state opening of Parliament on Prinsjesdag when the Dutch monarch drives to Parliament in the Golden Carriage and delivers the speech from the throne. It is also used for official royal receptions and interparliamentary conferences.
 Downtown Elkins Historic District is a national historic district located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It encompasses 65 contributing buildings in the central business district of Elkins. It includes mostly commercial buildings constructed in the late-19th and early-20th century.
 Grosmont Castle (historically also spelled Grisemount and Grisemond) is a ruined castle in Grosmont Monmouthshire Wales very near the border with Herefordshire England and overlooking a bend in the River Monnow. It is generally considered to have been largely built by Hubert de Burgh early in the 13th century on an earlier Norman foundation but was extended in the 14th century.
 The Parish Church of St. Matthew is the Church of England parish church for Chadderton in Greater Manchester England. It forms part of the Diocese of Manchester and is one of several Grade II* listed buildings in Greater Manchester.The Parish of St. Matthew Chadderton was formed in 1844. Prior to the present building there was a small wooden chapel erected in 1845 to meet the spiritual needs of the parish whilst the present building was constructed. Work by E. H.
 The Banco Crédito y Ahorro Ponceño building (or Banco Crédito for short) a historic building in Ponce Puerto Rico was the first and main office of the historic Banco Crédito y Ahorro Ponceño (English: Ponce Credit and Savings Bank) and represents one of the last examples of the once popular turn-of-the-century eclectic architecture. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1987. It was built in 1924.
 Crescent Theatre is located in Sussex Sussex County New Jersey United States. The theatre was built in 1917 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 7 2005.
 The Minto Midtown is a residential complex on Yonge Street in Toronto in the Davisville neighbourhood near Yonge and Eglinton. The complex consists of two towers Quantum South and Quantum North. It was developed by Minto Developments Inc.Quantum I South is 37 stories tall with a total structural height of 118 m (387 ft)and was completed in 2007. Quantum II North is 54 stories tall with a total structural height of 160 m (525 ft).
 The Markham Theatre (Markham Theatre for Performing Arts and renamed to FLATO Markham Theatre on April 2012) is a theatre located at 171 Town Centre Boulevard in the city of Markham Ontario Canada. The theatre initially opened in 1983 for local and school based productions. The theatre is best known for its performances in performing arts and drama.The theatre has been owned and operated by the City of Markham.
 Les Echelles du Baroque is a residential building complex of Paris.
 Trinity Cathedral is located at 113 N. 18th Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Nebraska's first Episcopal parish Trinity was established in 1856 and became the state's first Episcopal cathedral in 1872. Designed by noted English architect Henry G. Harrison in 1880 the Cathedral was consecrated on November 15 1883. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Today Trinity Cathedral is considered one of the most beautiful churches in Omaha.
 The Beechworth Correctional Centre is a minimum security prison located in Beechworth Victoria Australia. It was opened in January 2005 as a replacement for the now-closed HM Prison Beechworth.Accommodation in the prison is made up of several self-catered and fully catered units.
 Bragdon-Lipe House is a historic home located at Canajoharie in Montgomery County New York. It was built about 1860 and is a two-story timber frame vernacular Italianate style residence. The main block is nearly square and has a two-story kitchen and service wing in the rear. It features an ornate two story polygonal wall bay and an enclosed square belevedere at the center of the roof.
 The Cain House also known as the Alexander Creel Tavern and the St. Marys Lodge #41 A.F. & A. M. was built in 1850 for Alexander H. Creel in St. Marys West Virginia. The Cain House provided lodging for travelers along the Ohio River and functioned as a courthouse for Pleasants County immediately after its formation.The Cain House was named for Zachariah Cain and his family who operated the tavern in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Cabin Run Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located in Point Pleasant Plumstead Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1871 and is 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and has a length of 82 feet (25 m). The Town truss bridge crosses the Cabin Run Creek downstream from the Loux Covered Bridge.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980.
 Vigra Church (Norwegian: Vigra kyrkje) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the island of Vigra. The church is part of the Vigra parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1894 by the architect Gabriel Smith. The church seats about 500 people.
 First Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) located in Perryville Missouri. Rev. Nancy Gillard has been pastor of First Presbyterian since October 2012.
 Maine Medical Center (commonly abbreviated to MMC or contracted to Maine Med) is a 637 licensed-bed teaching hospital located in Portland Maine United States with a staff of over 6000 people. Founded in 1874 it is the largest hospital in northern New England with 27000 inpatients more than 500000 outpatient visits and over 16000 surgeries performed annually. MMC is structured as a non-profit private corporation governed by volunteer trustees.
 The Burtner House (also known as Burtner Stone House) is located on Burtner Road in Harrison Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania in the United States. Constructed from 1818 to 1821 by Phillip Burtner along Little Bull Creek the property was originally a working farm and residence of the Burtner family. Through the years it served as an election polling station and as the setting for town meetings including the discussions that lead to the construction of the Pennsylvania Canal.
 The U-Drop Inn also known as Tower Station and U-Drop Inn and Tower Café was built in 1936 in Shamrock Texas along the historic Route 66 highway. Inspired by the image of a nail stuck in dirt the building was designed by J.C. Berry. An unusual example of art deco architecture applied to a gas station and restaurant the building features two flared towers with geometric detailing curvilinear massing glazed ceramic tile walls and neon light accents.
 Alfred H. Renshaw House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1926-1927 and is a brick mansion in the Tudor Revival style. It features three tall chimneys with paired flues a slate roof with multiple gables and a Tudor arch around the main entrance. The property includes formal gardens and a gazebo.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Marais des Cygnes Massacre Site also known as Marais des Cygnes Massacre Memorial Park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.It is the site of the 1858 Marais des Cygnes massacre.The site includes a fort that was present then and a house built by Charles C. Hadsall after the incident. It was given to the state of Kansas. Kansas turned it over to the Kansas Historical Society to operate.
 Holy Trinity Church Hurdsfield is located in Hurdsfield Road Macclesfield Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Fudpucker’s is a restaurant and tourist attraction on the gulf coast of Florida. Originally founded by Chester G. Kroeger Fudpucker's has been owned and operated locally since 1982 and includes two locations—one in Fort Walton Beach and one in Destin Florida.
 The Anderson Building also known as The Anderson Building in Omaha Nebraska United States is a Sullivanesque style building constructed in 1924.According to the National Park Service:The Anderson Building constructed in 1924 is a mixed-use three-story brick and terra-cotta Sullivanesque building located among other two to three story multiple bay/multiple lot commercial and apartment buildings on the Southwest fringe of downtown Omaha.
 The Defiance Public Library is a historic Tudor Revival library located on Fort Street in Defiance Ohio. It was built in 1904 with funds from Andrew Carnegie and was designed by architects Wing & Mahurin. The building includes stained glass a red sandstone facade and picture windows overlooking the junction the Maumee and Auglaize Rivers and of the Defiance Fort Grounds. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Herbert Maximilian Fox House is a historic farmhouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Sherburne County Minnesota United States. In 2006 it was relocated to the grounds of the Sherburne History Center in Becker Minnesota.
 The John A. Roebling Suspension Bridge spans the Ohio River between Cincinnati Ohio and Covington Kentucky. When the first pedestrians crossed on December 1 1866 it was the longest suspension bridge in the world at 1057 feet (322 m) main span. Today many pedestrians use the bridge to get between the arenas in Cincinnati (Paul Brown Stadium Great American Ball Park and U.S. Bank Arena) and the hotels bars restaurants and parking lots in Northern Kentucky.
 The Carnegie Science Center located in the Chateau neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania opened in 1991.With a history that dates to October 24 1939 the Carnegie Science Center is the most visited museum in Pittsburgh.
 D1 (meaning Dubai Number One) is an 80 floor 284 m (932 ft) tall residential skyscraper under construction in Dubai United Arab Emirates. D1 will feature skyrise lounge private cinema indoor pool gymnasium and concierge services. D1 is adjacent to the Palazzo Versace Dubai.
 Owings Mills Mall is a large shopping mall in the Baltimore County Maryland community of Owings Mills that is owned and managed by General Growth Properties. While its main entrance is off Red Run Boulevard between Painters Mill Road and Owings Mills Boulevard the mall is also accessible from the exit ramps of I-795. It was originally known as Owings Mills Town Center but a new nearby development in the vicinity has now been given that name.
 Petrotel Lukoil Refinery is one of the largest Romanian oil refineries and one of the largest in Eastern Europe located in Ploieşti Prahova County. Its main activity is the processing of Romanian and Russian oil but a separate unit is specialised in biodiesel production and another unit specialises in energy production.
 King's Cross Hospital often shortened to King's Cross is a hospital in in Dundee Scotland.
 Cadmans Cottage is the oldest surviving residential building in Sydney having been built in 1816 for the use of the governmental coxswains and their crews. The building is heavily steeped in the history of Sydney also claiming the title as the first building to have been built on the shoreline of The Rocks area.
 The Knickerbocker Hotel is a historic hotel first opened in 1906 located at the southeast corner of Broadway and 42nd Street in New York City. The name Knickerbocker is an iconic Dutch surname associated with New York City. Prominent longtime residents of the hotel included Enrico Caruso and George M. Cohan.
 Chard Museum is a small local museum in Chard Somerset England. It opened in 1970 in a converted 16th century listed building with collections of exhibits about local history and displays related to the lives of notable local residents.
 Benjamin A. Tolbert Hall built in 1950 is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida in the United States. It was designed by Guy Fulton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to house the Faculty-in-Residence Community. It is named for Benjamin Tolbert who served as dean of the students from 1928 - 1937.
 The Flagg-Coburn House is a historic house at 722 E. Merrimack Street in Lowell Massachusetts.The house was built in 1926 by Ernest Flagg and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Beauregard Parish Courthouse was the answer to a need for a new Parish. DeRidder beat out Singer for the location of the parish seat. The courthouse was built at the same time as the Beauregard Parish Jail by the same people and completed around the same time in 1915 as directed by the Beauregard Parish Police Jury.The courthouse and jail are also part of the Historic Downtown district of DeRidder that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places
 The Ralph Hardesty Stone House is located on Main Street in Norwich Ohio. The house was placed on the National Register on March 11 1980.
 Newton Friends' Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 722 Cooper Street in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1824 as an extremely simple Quaker clapboard structure in the typically subdued style of Quaker meeting houses. It was remodeled in 1885 by architect Wilson Eyre Jr. in the sometimes-extravagant Queen Anne Revival style though this expression of the style is still very subdued.
 Cotham Church (grid reference ST584739) is in Cotham Bristol England.It was originally built in 1842–43 by William Butterfield in a Gothic Revival style as Highbury Congregational chapel. It was Butterfield's first commission obtained through his family connection with William Day Wills of W. D. & H. O.
 The LKG Tower is an office skyscraper located in Makati City Philippines and is one of the tallest and most well-known buildings in the city. Standing at 180.1 metres (590.88 feet) the building has 38 floors above ground and 5 basement levels for parking.The LKG Tower is owned by International Copra Export Corporation (ICEC) Land Corporation and was designed by the renowned architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates in cooperation with local firm Recio + Casas Architects.
 The Harmony Borax Works is located in Death Valley at Furnace Creek Springs then called Greenland. It is now located within Death Valley National Park in Inyo County California. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Watts Mortuary Chapel (locally known as Watts Cemetery Chapel) is a Gothic Revival chapel and mortuary located in the village of Compton in Surrey.As a follower of the Home Arts and Industries Association set up by Earl Brownlow in 1885 to encourage handicrafts among the lower classes when Compton Parish Council created a new cemetery local resident artist Mary Fraser-Tytler the wife of Victorian era painter and sculptor George Frederic Watts offered to design and build a new mortuary chapel. 
 Robie's Country Store is a historic store at 9 Riverside Street in Hooksett New Hampshire United States.It was built in 1822 and has been operated by the Robie family since 1887. Robie's Country Store was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Robie's has been a political stop for presidential candidates since the early 1950s.Robie's was the oldest continuously operating business in Hooksett.
 The William Gibbes House located at 64 South Battery Charleston South Carolina was built for Mr. Gibbes between 1772 and 1788. The Smith family remodeled portions of the house in about 1800 in the Adamesque style including the marble steps in front. The cove-ceilinged ballroom is considered one of the most beautiful rooms in America.
 Adolph Lomb House is a historic home located at Pittsford in Monroe County New York. It is a large 1 1⁄2-story building with a gable roof oriented to the facade. It was built in 1907 of poured concrete faced in brick. It was built as the focal point of a large farm / summer estate for Adolph Lomb eldest son of Henry Lomb (1848–1908) one of the co-founders of the Rochester based optical company Bausch and Lomb.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Sharp Brothers House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The rear section was built about 1850 and the front about 1880. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style dwelling. It features a steeply pitched multi-gabled roof and paneled chimneys.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Tour France is a residential skyscraper located in La Défense business district and in Puteaux France west of Paris.Built in 1973 the tower is with a height of 126 meters one of the tallest residential towers in France. The tower is located on the banks of the Seine and offers a wonderful panorama on the historical center of Paris.
 St. John's Lutheran Church is a historic church at Market and N. 7th Streets in Zanesville Ohio.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The Jose Maria Alviso Adobe located in Milpitas California United States was the home of José María Alviso an early alcalde (mayor) of neighboring Pueblo de San Jose. It was built in 1837 and enlarged in the early 1850s and stands as an excellent example of the Monterey Colonial style of architecture popularized throughout California in the 1830s and 1840s. It is the only remaining example of this style in the Santa Clara Valley and San Francisco Bay Area.
 The Surb Astvatsatsin church of Yeghipatrush (Armenian: Եղիպատրուշ Սուրբ Աստուածածին Եկեղեցի; meaning Holy Mother of God Church; also Yeghipatrush Church Armenian: Եղիպատրուշ Եկեղեցի) is a church located in the village of Yeghipatrush in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.
 Built in 2006 by the Patrinely Group the guard gated and exclusive Residences at 2211 Camelback is a prestigious luxury townhouse building.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic church building located at 4 Church Street Cocoa Brevard County Florida. The church was built in circa 1886. It now serves as the St. Mark's Episcopal Academy in addition to the church.
 The Calico Dome was a geodesic dome at Ahmedabad Gujarat India inspired from designs of Buckminster Fuller. It was a combined showroom and shop for Calico Mills and was inaugurated in 1962. It later collapsed and as of 2013 is being reconstructed by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.
 Upper Glady School is a historic one-room school building located near Crawford Lewis County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 and is a frame building measuring 28 feet by 24 feet and painted white. Also on the property is a coal house used to store coal for fuel. The school operated until 1965.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Bolland Castle (French: Château de Bolland) is a castle in the municipality of Herve province of Liège Belgium.The square tower or keep remains from the medieval building and several other parts from the 16th century. Major works were carried out in the 17th century. The medieval owners were the d'Houffalize and Brandenberg families followed in the 16th-17th centuries by those of d'Eynatten Berlo and Groesbeek.
 The Branford House is located in Groton Connecticut. The house was built in 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 23 1984.
 Ephraim McDowell Regional Medical Center (EMRMC) is a locally-controlled not-for-profit 222-bed hospital located in Danville Kentucky.
 Zion Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church in Athens Greene County New York. It was built in 1853 and features a pair of wooden Doric order columns in antis and brick pilasters. The brick church is in the Greek Revival style and has a square two stage tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Lafayette Methodist Church is a historic church off SR 107 in LaFayette Kentucky.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Frederiksberg Church (Danish: Frederiksberg Kirke) is the oldest church building in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1734 it is built to an unusual octagonal design in Baroque style. It is situated at Frederiksberg Runddel in front of the main entrance to Frederiksberg Gardens on the corner of Frederiksberg Allé and Pile Allé
 The Old Charles Town Historic District comprises more than three hundred structures primarily residences in Charles Town West Virginia. In contrast to the mainly commercial Downtown Charles Town Historic District the Old Charles Town Historic District includes many early houses some of log construction. Later houses are in the Federal style with Italianate and Greek Revival buildings.
 The Jay Em Historic District comprises the abandoned center of the village of Jay Em Wyoming. The town was planned and established by Lake Harris between 1912 and 1915 as a service town supporting ranchers in the surrounding area. The place was recognized as a town in 1915 when a post office was established.
 The Reverend Jesse R. Ziegler Residence is a Frank Lloyd Wright house in Frankfort Kentucky.The Ziegler house is the only Frank Lloyd Wright structure built in Kentucky during the lifetime of the famous architect. The design came from a chance meeting between Ziegler and Wright while both were traveling to Europe in late October 1909. They struck up a conversation and the commission of this structure completed the following year was the result.
 The Old Town Hall is a historic town hall building at 10 Kendal Road in Tyngsborough Massachusetts. The wood frame building was built in 1834 as a church to house the local Baptist congregation a role it served until 1857 when it was sold to the town. The styling of the building is predominantly Federal although its cupola is a late 19th century Colonial Revival addition.
 Burgruine Leonstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Birmingham Its people Its History is a permanent exhibition at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery and is also unofficially known as the Birmingham History Galleries. It opened to the public in October 2012 and is located on the third floor of the museum covering an area of 1040 square metres. The exhibition is divided into five galleries which explore the story of Birmingham England and its people over a period of 900 years from the 12th century to the present day.
 Applethorpe Farm is a historic farmstead in northeastern Ross County Ohio United States. Located along Whissler Road north of the unincorporated community of Hallsville it was established by the family of John Buchwalter in the early years of the nineteenth century. Among the region's earliest settlers the Buchwalters erected a large log building soon after taking possession of the property.
 Circleville School is a historic school building located at Circleville Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built in 1937-1938 as a project of the federal Works Progress Administration. It is a two-story masonry building in the Georgian Revival style. It was built on the foundation of a previous school destroyed by fire. The front facade features a two-story pedimented projecting pavilion emphasized by large Doric order pilasters.
 St. Clare Hospital is a hospital in Lakewood Washington United States provides inpatient and outpatient medical services including 24-hour emergency care and treatment for sleep disorders. It is part of the Franciscan Health System based in Tacoma Washington.
 The Pearsons Hall of Science is located on the campus of Beloit College in Beloit Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Wheat Growers Hotel at 102 S. Oak St. in Kimball Nebraska is a historic hotel that was built in Early Commercial style in 1918. It was the largest hotel built in Kimball.
 Campbell Farm also known as Hite Farm is a historic home and farm located near Edinburg Shenandoah County Virginia. The house was built in 1888-1889 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay Queen Anne style frame dwelling. It features corner turrets a hipped roof with patterned slate shingles and a front porch with a sawnwork balustrade.
 Korea University Museum (고려대학교박물관) commonly called The University Museum is a history archaeology and art museum that is part of the Korea University in Seoul South Korea
 The Calumet Fire Station is a firehouse located on 6th Street in Calumet Michigan. It is also known as the Red Jacket Fire Station. The building was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and is part of the Calumet Historic District and the Keweenaw National Historical Park. The building now houses the Upper Peninsula Fire Fighters Memorial Museum.
 George W. Johnson Park Carousel is a historic carousel located at Endicott in Broome County New York. The carousel and its pavilion were built in 1934. The carousel is housed in a wooden one story 16-sided pavilion. The carousel has 36 horses standing three abreast each of which is a jumper and two chariots. It was constructed by the Allan Herschell Company. It is one of six carousels donated to the citizens of Broome County by George F.
 James William Beekman House also known as The Cliffs is a historic home located at Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York. It was designed by noted English architect Henry G. Harrison in 1863 and built for New York Hospital vice-president James William Beekman (1815-1877). It is a two story rectangular wood frame dwelling with a steeply sloped cross gable roof in the Gothic Revival style.
 The Ridgeland-Oak Park Historic District is a historic district in Oak Park Illinois that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It includes 1558 contributing buildings over 539 acres (218 ha).The district includes the George W. Smith House an early example of Frank Lloyd Wright's work as a contributing property. The house is one of two Frank Lloyd Wright designed buildings within the Ridgeland Historic District; the other structure is the Unity Temple.
 The Three Lakes Patrol Cabin was built in 1934 in Mount Rainier National Park as a district ranger station. The log cabin was built to a standard plan designed by W.G. Carnes Acting Chief Architect of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs supervised by Thomas Chalmers Vint. The cabin measures about 13.5 feet (4.1 m) by 24 feet (7.3 m). It is a simple gable structure with a shed roof over the front door supported by brackets. The eaves have a similar bracket detail.
 The Millennium Biltmore Hotel originally named the Los Angeles Biltmore Hotel of the Biltmore Hotels group is a luxury hotel located on Pershing Square in Downtown Los Angeles California. Upon its grand opening in 1923 the Los Angeles Biltmore was the largest hotel west of Chicago Illinois in the United States. In 1969 the Biltmore Hotel was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles.
 North Town Centre (formerly called North Town Mall) is a shopping centre located in the northern part of Edmonton Alberta Canada. The mall has recently undergone redevelopment that was completed in the summer of 2009 that included 270000 sq ft (25000 m2) of retail and office space and more than 900 parking stalls. Major tenants include Bed Bath & Beyond Indigo Books and Music London Drugs and T & T Supermarket.
 The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children is a 158-bed pediatrics hospital facility located in Orlando Florida United States. The hospital is part of Orlando Health and is supported by the Arnold Palmer Medical Center Foundation. It was ranked as one of the nation's Top 30 pediatric hospitals for heart care and heart surgery by U.S. News & World Report in their 2008 edition of America’s Best Children’s Hospitals.
 The Gladstone Springhouse and Bottling Plant is an historic site at 145a Boon Street in Narragansett Rhode Island.The Colonial Revival buildings were constructed in 1899 by T.G. Hazard Jr.. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Burgruine Nussberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Bethelem Lutheran Church is an historic stone Lutheran church located at 409 South White Street in Round Top Texas. Construction of the church began in 1866 under the leadership of Pastor J. Adam Neuthard with the first service being held on January 13 1867. The building was designed by Carl Siegismund Bauer a German Texan who also served as the head mason. The side walls are supported by buttresses.
 The parish church of St James Birdham is situated on the Manhood Peninsula in Sussex. The area is a suburban extension of the city of Chichester popular as a place to live and visit from its nearness to the city Chichester Harbour and marina. The church was heavily restored in the nineteenth century the then existing chancel being entirely replaced and the nave windows renewed. The sixteenth-century tower remains. The church has a grade 1 listing.
 The Roscoe-Dunaway Gardens Historic District is a rock and floral garden located around the historic town of Roscoe in Coweta County Georgia and the adjacent Dunaway Gardens. Part of the district is located in Fulton County. 79 buildings and 2 structures contribute to the historic district.
 The Broad Street School is located in Norwich Connecticut. The schoolhouse was built in 1897 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 19 1984.According to its NRHP nomination the school is architecturally significant as a richly decorated example of the Romanesque Revival style designed by a noted school architect Wilson Potter of New York City and executed withmeticulous attention to detail and the use of quality materials.
 All Saints' Church commonly referred to as Schloßkirche (Castle church) to distinguish it from the Stadtkirche (town church) of St. Mary — and sometimes known as the Reformation Memorial Church — was a Catholic church which later became a Lutheran church in Lutherstadt Wittenberg Germany. It is the site where The Ninety-Five Theses were posted by Martin Luther on 31 October 1517 the act that has been called the start of the Protestant Reformation.
 The Aurora Highlands Historic District is a national historic district located at Arlington County Virginia. It contains 624 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure in a residential neighborhood in South Arlington. Aurora Highlands was formed by the integration of three subdivisions platted between 1896 and 1930 with improvements in the form of modest single-family residences.
 Crieff Hydro is a hotel in Crieff Perthshire Scotland. The purpose-built hotel opened in 1868 as the Crieff Hydropathic Establishment and is locally known as the Hydro. It was founded in 1868 by Dr Thomas Henry Meikle who had received treatment at a centre in Gräfenberg Austria (now known as Lázně Jeseník Czech Republic) where Vincenz Priessnitz had built such an establishment.
 Chiricahua National Monument Historic Designed Landscape is a historic district in Chiricahua National Monument. It is located near Willcox Cochise County southeastern Arizona. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 31 2008.It is the 18th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.
 The Avery Coonley House also known as Coonley House was designed by famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Constructed in 1907–08 this is an estate of several buildings built on the banks of the Des Plaines River in Riverside Illinois a suburb of Chicago. It is itself a National Historic Landmark and is included in another National Historic Landmark the Riverside Historic District.
 The Winslow Homer Studio is the historic studio and home of the artist Winslow Homer which is located on what is now Winslow Homer Road on Prouts Neck in Scarborough Maine. Maine architect John Calvin Stevens altered and expanded an existing carriage house to suit Homer's needs in 1884 even moving the building 100 feet for added privacy from his brother's neighboring summer home. The most dramatic element is a balcony the width of the building from which the artist often painted in winter.
 Fort Gaddis is the oldest known building in Fayette County Pennsylvania and the second oldest log cabin in Western Pennsylvania. It is located 300 yards (270 m) east of old U.S. Route 119 near the Route 857 intersection; South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania.
 Kenya Commercial Bank Plaza (KCB Plaza) is a building under construction in Nairobi Kenya's capital and largest city.
 Gahoe Museum is a private museum of South Korea located in Gahoe-dong Jongno-gu Seoul. It was established in 2002 and houses over 1500 relics consisting of 750 amulets 250 items of folk paintings approximately 150 classical books and 250 other odd items.
 Ross Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Fairfield Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1842 and is a stone structure measuring 25 feet square at the base and 30 feet high. It has a triangular work arch and Roman blast arch. It remained in blast until about 1850-1855.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Santi Nazaro e Celso is a Romanesque church in the Veronetta quartiere of Verona on the street that leads to the Porta Vescovo.
 The London Marriott Hotel West India Quay is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 22 Hertsmere Road Canary Wharf overlooking the West India Quay Marina. It is operated by the Marriott Hotels group and has 301 rooms.
 The Blair House is a historic house in the city of Montgomery Ohio United States. One of the best examples of Victorian-period Italianate architecture in the city it was built for butcher James Blair and his wife Anne in 1875.
 The Coiner-Quesenbery House also known as Casper Coiner House is a historic home located at Waynesboro Virginia. It was built in 1806 and is a two-story three bay Federal style house. The house originally had a hall and parlor plan later modified in the 1820s-1830s to a more conventional side hall plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Shanghai Oriental Art Center (Chinese: 上海东方艺术中心 Shànghǎi Dōngfāng Yìshù Zhōngxīn) is one of the leading performing arts and cultural facilities in Shanghai and China. It is located adjacent to Century Avenue in the Pudong Administration and Culture Zone and was officially opened at the end of 2004. It is one of the symbols of the growth of western and traditional art forms in China in recent years.
 First Presbyterian Church of Elizabeth (Old First of Elizabeth) is a historic church at 14-44 Broad Street in Elizabeth Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1783 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.In 2013 a bible dating from 1699 belonging to founder James Odgen was returned to the congregation.
 HM Prison Featherstone is a Category C men's prison located in the village of Featherstone (near Wolverhampton) in Staffordshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 St Mary's Church St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Hugh Town St Mary's Isles of Scilly UK. The Church was consecrated on 7 September 1838 and replaced the church at Old Town which was inconvenient for the Hugh Town population and in need of repair.
 Freemasons' Hotel is a historic building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. It was built for William Tregoning and originally licensed in 1861 as the Newcastle Hotel. In 1977 the building was classified by the National Trust and given a permanent listing on the Register of the National Estate. It is also listed on the Australian Heritage Database.The building is a double height red brick structure with corrugated iron roof and a decorative parapet of classicalinfluence.
 The Atlas Computer Laboratory on the Harwell Oxfordshire campus shared by the Harwell Laboratory was one of the major computer laboratories in the world which operated between 1961 and 1975 to provide a service to British scientists at a time when powerful computers were not usually available.
 Brumleby is an enclave of terraced houses in Copenhagen Denmark located between Østre Allé and Østerbrogade just south of Parken Stadium and St. James' Church. Built for indigent workers by the Danish Medical Association from 1854 to 1872 it is one of the earliest examples of social housing in Denmark and became a model for later projects.The development was designed by Michael Gottlieb Bindesbøll and Vilhelm Klein in Neoclassical style.
 St Helen's Church an Anglican church in the Hangleton area of Hove is the oldest surviving building in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the ancient parish church of Hangleton—an isolated downland village which was abandoned by the Middle Ages and consisted of open farmland until the Interwar period when extensive residential development took place.
 The Cathedral Basilica of St. Joseph is a large Roman Catholic church located in Downtown San Jose. The minor basilica is the cathedral for the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California. The basilica is named for Saint Joseph patron saint of the universal church.The original St. Joseph's Church was built on the site of the current basilica in 1803 and was the first non-mission parish built in California.
 Webster Wagner House is a historic home located at Palatine Bridge in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1876 and designed by noted architect Horatio Nelson White (1814–1892) as the home for railroad car magnate Webster Wagner (1817–1882). It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story main block with a 2-story rear service wing. It features a 3-story entrance tower at the southeast corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 23 Marina is a 90-storey 392.8 m (1289 ft) residential skyscraper in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It was the world's tallest all-residential building until the completion of the nearby Princess Tower. The tower has 57 swimming pools and each duplex in the tower is equipped with its own private elevator.The building was 79 percent sold before construction started.
 The First Unitarian Church in Baltimore Maryland was the first building erected for Unitarians in the United States. Completed in 1818 the church is a domed cube with a stucco exterior. The church originally called the First Independent Church of Baltimore is the oldest building continuously used by a Unitarian congregation.
 The Groninger Museum (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣroːnɪŋər myˈzeːjʏm]; English: Museum of Groningen) is an art museum in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. The museum exhibits modern and contemporary art of local national and international artists.The museum was opened in 1874.
 The Walter P. Chrysler Museum which opened in October 1999 is located in Auburn Hills Michigan. It features many historically significant Chrysler Dodge Plymouth Jeep AMC Nash Hudson and Rambler vehicles from various eras.The museum interior is decorated by original art in the form of murals and dioramas by A. Shapiro.The museum closed to the public due to low attendance on December 31 2012. Its assets were sold to the Chrysler Foundation a charitable arm of Chrysler Group LLC.
 Vranjina Monastery or Vranina Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Врањина) or St. Nicholas' Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery on south-east part of Vranjina island on Skadar Lake in Montenegro. Vranjina Monastery with its church dedicated to Saint Nicholas is one of the oldest monasteries in Montenegro.
 The Westerly Downtown Historic District is a historic district bounded by Railroad Avenue High Canal Broad (US 1) Union and Main Streets in Westerly Rhode Island United States.The district features various revivals late-Victorian and Art Deco buildings and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hotel Paris at 7 S. Main St. in Paris Idaho is a historic hotel that was built in 1916.Like a few other Paris buildings of its era considered in a historic resources review study of 1980 it shows Prairie School architecture influence. It also reflects Bungalow/craftsman architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The hotel is still operated as a hotel. It is located next to the historic LDS Tabernacle and a museum in downtown Paris.
 The Centro Comercial Galerias is a shopping center in San Salvador El Salvador. Among the mall's attractions is a mansion known as La Casona dating from the late 1950s and kept in perfect condition[citation needed] which was home to a family of Palestinian origin. It is the only mall to have such an attraction[citation needed]. The complex is owned by Grupo Siman.
 Casa Amadeo antigua Casa Hernandez is a historic apartment building containing a noted record shop located in the Longwood section of The Bronx New York New York. It was built in 1905 and named the Manhaset apartment building. It is a six story Neo-Renaissance style building with commercial storefronts on the first floor. The lower two stories are faced with rusticated stone and the upper floors in red brick. It features a projecting entrance porch flanked by Corinthian order columns.
 St John the Evangelist's Church is a Grade I listed Church of England parish church dedicated to John the Evangelist in Corby Glen Lincolnshire England. The church is situated 9 miles (14 km) south-east from Grantham and in the South Kesteven Lincolnshire Vales. The church is noted in particular for its 14th- and 15th-century medieval wall paintings.
 The South Carolina State Museum located in Columbia South Carolina is the largest museum in the Southeastern United States. Positioned on an old shipping canal on the Congaree River that dates back to pre-Civil War times the museum is widely recognized as a resource for South Carolina history and lifestyle. The museum opened October 29 1988 and is housed in what it calls its largest artifact the former Columbia Mills Building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 American Chicle Company Building is located in the Gert Town neighborhood of New Orleans Louisiana. The New Orleans Chamber of Commerce started campaigning for a chewing gum factory in the city in 1900. Points in favor of New Orleans as a good location for such a factory included being USA's leading port of commerce with Latin America so much chicle was already shipped through there and large quantities of sugar are grown and refined in Louisiana.
 Counterslip Baptist Church is a popular Family Church located in South Bristol England. It has been located on its current site on the Wells Road since the 1950s having previously been located on Counterslip near Bristol Bridge. Counterslip Baptist Church was founded in 1804 when 49 members of the declining Pithay Church left and decided to set up a church of their own at Tailor's Court. The first service was held on 12 November of that year.
 Teichgraeber-Runbeck House is a historic house at 116 Mill Street in Lindsborg Kansas.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Mattapax is a historic home located at Stevensville Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick house three bays wide and one room deep with flush brick chimneys at either end of a pitched gable roof built about 1760. In 1949 a restoration resulted in the construction of a brick wing to replace an earlier frame wing.
 The Waterways Experiment Station also known as WES-Original Cantonment in Vicksburg Mississippi is a sprawling 673-acre (272 ha) complex built in 1930 as an United States Army Corps of Engineers research facility. Its campus is the site of the headquarters of the Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC) of the Corps of Engineers. WES is the largest of the four Corps of Engineers' research and development laboratories. The facility was listed on the U.S.
 St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bangalore in India. Initially Bangalore was the seat of the diocese of Mysore from 1886 to 1940 and during this time St. Patrick's church in Bangalore was the cathedral of the diocese. When the diocese of Mysore was bifurcated on 13 February 1940 to form the diocese of Bangalore St. Francis Xavier's church was chosen as its cathedral.The first church of St. Francis Xavier was constructed in 1851.
 Armstrong Row is a series of 11 brick row houses in Maysville Kentucky built between 1820 and 1833 by John Armstrong a local industrialist entrepreneur and real estate developer. Vacant lots were purchased by an Armstrong owned company that operated the Maysville cotton mill. The company continued to operate as the January & Wood Company until 2003.
 The Liberty School No. 4 Friendship Building is a former elementary school (now a Montessori school) in the Friendship neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sunset Hill Cemetery located northwest of the interesction of North Oak Street and West Mary Street is the oldest cemetery in Valdosta.
 The Ironwood Carnegie Library is a library located at 235 E. Aurora Street in Ironwood Michigan. It is the oldest continuously operated Carnegie Library in Michigan and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 St. Peter's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church at 507 South Tryon Street in Charlotte North Carolina. It was established in 1851 and is the oldest Catholic church in Charlotte. Until 1940 it was the only Catholic church in the city. Originally St. Peter's was at the extreme southern limits of the city but today it stands in the heart of uptown across from major art museums and next to The Green.
 The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a Minor Basilica located in Natchitoches Louisiana United States. It is also a parish church in the Diocese of Alexandria. The church building is the seventh structure to house the parish and was at one time the cathedral for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Natchitoches. As the Church of the Immaculate Conception it was listed as contributing property in the Natchitoches Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Palace of Culture (Romanian: Palatul Culturii) is an edifice located in Iaşi Romania. The building served as Administrative Palace and then Palace of Justice until 1955 when its destination was changed again being assigned to the four museums nowadays united under the name of Moldova National Museum Complex.
 Monument of Neutrality (Turkmen: Bitaraplyk arkasy) was a monument located in Ashgabat Turkmenistan.The three-legged arch which became known locally as The Tripod was 75 metres (246 ft) tall and was built in 1998 on the orders of Turkmenistan's President Saparmurat Niyazov to commemorate the country's official position of neutrality. It cost $12 million to construct. The monument was topped by a 12-metre (39 ft) tall gold-plated statue of Niyazov which rotated to always face the sun.
 The Midlands Regional Hospital Portlaoise is a public hospital located in Portlaoise County Laois Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including a 24-hour emergency department for the population of County Laois and the Irish Midlands. In 2008 the hospital served 44645 out-patients and 10951 in-patients with an average stay of 3.8 nights.
 St. Peter's Hospital is a 250-bed chronic care hospital located in downtown Hamilton Ontario specializing in the care of older adults. The hospital became a part of Hamilton Health Sciences in 2008.
 The 165-foot-tall (50 m) Heublein Tower (pronounced HIGH-bline) located in Talcott Mountain State Park in Connecticut (USA) provides panoramic views of the Hartford skyline and the Farmington River Valley that are particularly spectacular in the fall.
 Tepe Nautilus opened in September 2001 is a shopping mall in Turkey. Built by Tepe Group it is situated in the Acıbadem quarter of Kadıköy district in the Asian part of Istanbul.Tepe Nautilus in walking distance from Kadıköy port at the Sea of Marmara is the first thematic shopping mall Turkey’s with its name decoration and architectural features associated with sea and navigation. It covers an area of 170000 m².
 The Kingsley Covered Bridge (also called the Mill River Bridge) is a wooden covered bridge in Clarendon Vermont. Built in 1836 by Timothy K. Horton the bridge is a town lattice style with a 120-foot (37 m) span across the Mill River. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located west of Vermont Route 103 and just under the landing strip for the Rutland Airport on East Street Extension off Gorge Road a paved road that turns to dirt after passing the bridge.
 Westfield Garden City better known as Garden City is one of Brisbane's major shopping centres located in the suburb of Upper Mount Gravatt. The centre is operated by Westfield and previously operated by AMP Limited before the takeover in 2003. The shopping centre currently has 313 specialty stores cafes restaurants and other services and food vendors.Within the centre is a post office and a Brisbane City Council public library.
 The Keeney House is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in Le Roy New York United States. It is a two-story wood frame house dating to the mid-19th century. Inside it has elaborately detailed interiors. It is surrounded by a landscaped front and back yard.Originally it was in the Greek Revival architectural style with more elaborate decoration on its main facade. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was home to horticulturist Calvin N.
 The Natural History Museum of Nice (French: Muséum d'histoire naturelle de Nice) is a French natural-history museum located in Nice.
 Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 305 W. Maple Street in Fayetteville Tennessee.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 The Spruce Grove Grain Elevator Museum is a former Alberta Wheat Pool grain elevator that has been preserved as a working museum run by the volunteers of the Spruce Grove and District Agricultural Society. The elevator stands within the City of Spruce Grove Alberta next to the Canadian National Railway and is known as the last elevator remaining heading west on the Yellowhead Highway and along the CN Rail.
 Francis D. Williams House is a historic brick house located at 3 Plain Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1830 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The large 2-1/2 story broad-gabled central hall structure has entrances on both its Berkley and Plain Street façades. It is located near the east bank of the Taunton River at Weir Village once a thriving seaport and industrial area.
 The Wood Worsted Mill is located at South Union St. and Merrimack Street on the south bank of the Merrimack River in Lawrence Massachusetts. The mill building was constructed between 1906 and 1909 for the American Woolen Company and was dubbed by some locals as the eighth wonder of the world due to its size. It is a six story brick building that is 1300 feet (400 m) long and 125 feet (38 m) and encompasses some 17 miles (27 km) of aisles.
 Kennedy Mall is a shopping mall located in Dubuque Iowa. The mall is located just north of Dodge Street (U.S. Highway 20) at the intersection of Dodge and Wacker Drive. The street address for the Mall is 555 John F. Kennedy Road. Cafaro Company owns the mall.
 The Francis Xavier Knott S.J. Knott Humanities Center commonly known as the Humanities Center is the oldest building on the campus of Loyola University Maryland in Baltimore Maryland. The Tudor Revival building was originally built as a private residence in 1896 by New York architecture firm Renwick Aspinwall and Russell.
 The Marietta Historic District is a historic district in Marietta Ohio United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Among the buildings in the district are ones dating back to 1788 the year in which Marietta was founded as the first white settlement in what is now Ohio.
 Landsford Plantation House also known as the Davie House is a historic plantation home located near Richburg Chester County South Carolina. It was built about 1828 and is a 2 1/2-story timber-framed weatherboarded vernacular residence. The house has a square plan and is two rooms deep. The main façade featured a one-story porch resting on brick piers and added about the turn of the 20th century.
 The city of Strasbourg (France) is the official seat of the European Parliament. The institution is legally bound to meet there twelve sessions a year lasting about four days each. Other work takes place in Brussels and Luxembourg City (see Location of European Union institutions for more information). Also all votes of the European Parliament must take place in Strasbourg. Additional sessions and committees take place in Brussels.
 Regency Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall that opened in August 1981 located in Racine Wisconsin. The mall has a gross leasable area of 872409 square feet (81049.4 m2). It features about 100 stores and is anchored by Boston Store Burlington Coat Factory JCPenney and Sears.
 Port Plaza Mall (later known as Washington Commons) was an urban area shopping mall/multi-use facility located in downtown Green Bay Wisconsin. The mall opened on August 10 1977 and featured 3 anchor stores over the years with JCPenney and H.C. Prange open at its launch and Boston Store added by 1982. The mall would go into a state of decline in the late 1990s and 2000s leading up to its closure on February 27 2006.
 The Saint Elias Cathedral (Arabic: كاتدرائية القدّيِس الياس‎) is an Eastern Catholic (Maronite) church in Aleppo Syria located in the Christian quarter of Jdeydeh. It is named after Elijah the prophet. The church was built in 1873 on the place of the old Maronite church. It was renovated in 1914.
 The Peninsula Bangkok is a luxury hotel located at the end of the Charoennakon Road directly beside the Chao Phraya River. The hotel is part of The Peninsula Hotels Group based in Hong Kong which is owned by Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels Limited. The Hotel has won numerous awards for luxury including Asia's number one city hotel and the best hotel in Bangkok. Due to the hotels W shaped structure there is a view of the river from everyone of its 370 rooms.
 The Jefferson County Courthouse in Beaumont Texas is one of the tallest courthouses in the state and is an excellent example of Art Deco architecture. Built in 1931 it is the fourth courthouse built in Jefferson County. It was designed by Fred Stone and Augustin Babin and is thirteen stories high. In 1981 an annex was added to the west side of the courthouse.
 Colonie Center is a shopping mall located in Colonie just outside Albany at the intersection of Central Avenue Wolf Road and Interstate 87. Opening in 1966 it was the first enclosed shopping mall in New York's Capital Region. The mall has successfully updated its tenant mix image and look on an ongoing basis to keep up with the times as can be seen from the list of stores on the mall's website.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall also known as John M. Hagadorn Post No. 505 Grand Army of the Republic and the Schulyer F. Smith Camp No. 193 Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War and Halsey Valley Grand Army of the Republic Meeting Hall is an historic building located on Hamilton Valley Road in Halsey Valley near Spencer New York in the United States. The hall was built in 1894 and on January 23 2003 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a Gothic Revival church in Port Townsend Washington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It is included in Port Townsend Historic District which was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.
 Bishop Feild College (originally Church of England Academy; formerly Church of England College and Bishop Feild Elementary; currently Bishop Feild School) founded in 1844 is a school in St. John's Newfoundland. Founded as the Church of England Academy it was renamed in 1892 as the Church of England College in 1892 before its 1894 name change to Bishop Feild College. The renaming was in honor of Bishop Edward Feild a school inspector and second Bishop of Newfoundland.
 The Genesee Towers was the tallest building in Flint Michigan United States. It was demolished on December 22 2013 after a period of inactivity.
 The Carlyle Restaurant formerly Dumonet at the Carlyle is a New French cuisine restaurant located at 35 East 76th Street (at Madison Ave) in the back of the Carlyle Hotel on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It was established in 1930.
 Bellingham-Cary House is an historic house at 34 Parker Street in Chelsea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1659 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It was built by Richard Bellingham who was governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony for three terms starting in 1641. The house was used as his summer house until his death in 1672.It has been owned and operated as a museum by the Gov. Bellingham~Cary House Association since 1912.
 HM Prison Kennet is a Category C men's prison located in Parkbourn Maghull (near Liverpool) in Merseyside England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Sail @ Marina Bay (Chinese: 滨海舫) is a waterfront lifestyle condominium located in the Marina Bay area in Singapore. It was completed in 2008. The first tenants have moved into Central Park Tower in July 2008. Residents moved into Marina Bay Tower a few weeks later. The structure of The Sail is 245 m (804 ft) with 70 storeys and is Singapore's tallest condominium/apartment. This development offers panoramic city view of Marina Bay and the sea.
 Saturday Club is a historic women's club clubhouse located at Wayne Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1899 and is a 1 1/2-story English Half Timber frame building. It measures approximately 55 feet by 75 feet and has a gable roof with three gabled dormers. Its appearance is patterned after Shakespeare's Birthplace in Stratford-on-Avon England.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Au Crocodile is a Michelin Guide starred French restaurant in Strasbourg named after a stuffed crocodile. It previously held three stars under former chef Emile Jung.
 The E. R. Shields House at 351 St. Patrick in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1904. It includes Late Victorian details in a largely Neo-Colonial design. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.A survey of Nye County historic properties identified it as significant for its architecture as one of the best preserved well crafted wood frame houses in Tonopah and also for its association with Tonopah merchant E.R.
 District School No. 3 is a historic one-room school building located at Castleton-on-Hudson in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1870 and is a one story rectangular massed brick building in the Italianate style. It remained in use as a school until 1951. Also on the property is a gable roofed garage (1931) a coal / wood shed and a stone capped well.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Cutler and Porter Block is a historic commercial block at 109 Lyman Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The four story brick building was constructed in 1894 for the firm of Cutler and Porter Inc a wholesaler of shoes boots and rubber goods. It was made to be visually sympathetic to the adjacent Produce Exchange Building. In the 1920s the firm W.F. Young Inc. occupied half of the building eventually taking it over entirely.
 The Christ the Saviour Cathedral in Pristina Kosovo is an unfinished Serbian Orthodox Christian church whose construction began in 1995. Due to have been completed in 1999 its construction on the campus of the pre-war University of Pristina was interrupted by the Kosovo War.Its construction was not welcomed by the predominantly Muslim population of Kosovo and its future remains uncertain.
 Fairview Schoolhouse is located in the Columbia section of Knowlton Township Warren County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 1977.
 Hampton Court is a castellated country house in the English county of Herefordshire. The house is located in the village of Hope under Dinmore near Leominster.
 Swetman House or Swetmann House is a historic residence in Seward Alaska. The house was constructed in 1916 and was originally located adjacent to Seward's Mount Marathon. In 1920 or 1921 the original owner Gerhard Stucco Johnson sold the house to pharmacist Elwyn Swetman on condition that Swetman move the property to his own lot. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 17 1978.
 Darozziafe minarets (Persian: مناره های دارالضیافه‎) are two historical minarets in Isfahan Iran. The minarets are located in the old Jouybare quarter on the Ebn-e-Sina street. These minarets are built on the both sides of a portal. They are built in the 14th century.
 Hounslow Priory was a priory in London England.
 Botany Worsted Mills Historic District is located in Passaic Passaic County New Jersey. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1991.
 340 Fremont Street is an approved 134 m (440 ft) residential skyscraper in the Rincon Hill neighborhood of San Francisco California. The tower is planned to have 348 residential units on 40 floors.
 The Cherokee Public Library in Cherokee Iowa was designed by Frank E. Wetherell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Leone Florentine and Carpathia Apartment Buildings are located at 832 and 834 South 24 Street and 907-911 South 25 Street in Omaha Nebraska USA. Built in 1909 the buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Thomas Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home is located in Columbia South Carolina and was one of the childhood homes of the 28th President of the United States Woodrow Wilson.
 Røbekk Church (Norwegian: Røbekk kirke Bolsøy kirke) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Røbekk an eastern suburb of the town of Molde. The church is part of the Bolsøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1898 and it seats about 400 people.
 Trinity Episcopal Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 430 Juliana Street in Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It is joined to the Trinity Episcopal Church located at 424 Juliana St. by a newer wing It was built in 1863 and is a 2 1/2-story painted brick building in the Second Empire style. It features a concave profile mansard roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The William Andrew House also known as the Richard Bryan House or the Bryan-Andrew House is located at 131 Old Tavern Road in Orange Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.It was built about 1750 for the Bryan family early settlers in North Milford. This area was known as Bryan's Farms. The house includes a finely detailed front cornice feather-edged sheathing and hand-split lath laboriously installed without nails.
 The Casa de la Cacica is a 16th-century Mixtec palace in Teposcolula Oaxaca Mexico.Its current name meaning house of the cacica in Spanish may refer to Doña Catalina de Peralta who took possession of the palace in 1569.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Safford (FCI Safford) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Arizona. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCI Safford is located in southeastern Arizona 7 miles south of the city of Safford 127 miles northeast of Tucson and 165 miles east of Phoenix.
 Guldin Mill also known as Lauer's Mill is a historic grist mill and national historic district located in Maidencreek Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses one contributing building and one contributing site. The combined house and mill was built in two sections. The house was built in 1781 and the mill in 1822. It is a 2 1/2-story stone building measuring 42 feet by 80 feet.
 The Zen Studies Society was established in 1956 by Cornelius Crane to help assist the scholar Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki in his work and to help promulgate Zen Buddhism to Western countries. It is housed on East 67th Street New York and serves as a Zen practice and training center. The institution came under the leadership of Eido Tai Shimano in 1965 and now maintains both New York Zendo Shobo-Ji and Dai Bosatsu Zendo Kongo-Ji.
 Richmond Royal Hospital on Kew Foot Road in Richmond London is a mental health facility operated by South West London and St George's Mental Health NHS Trust which has its headquarters at Springfield Hospital in Tooting. The hospital's original block is Grade II listed.
 US Post Office-Harrison is a historic post office building located at Harrison in Westchester County New York United States. It was built in 1938 by the Office of the Supervising Architect under the direction of Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrically massed building clad with random stone ashlar in the Colonial Revival style. The entrance is flanked by fluted engaged Doric order columns and pilasters which support a simple entabulature.
 Baptist Parsonage (Archbell House) is a historic church parsonage at 211 S. McLewean Street in Kinston North Carolina.It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Mt. Moriah Lodge No. 7 is a historic building located in Jessup Maryland. It is a two-story lodge constructed in the late 19th century.The two story building was constructed in a predominantly African American community along Guilford road one of the rolling roads for hand-rolled barrel shipment of tobacco to market in Annapolis Maryland.
 Cholsey Abbey was an Anglo-Saxon nunnery in Cholsey in the English county of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) which was founded in 986.After King Edward the Martyr was murdered his stepmother Ælfthryth was implicated in the crime. Edward's death had allowed Ælfthryth's son Ethelred the Unready to become King of England.
 Corotoman was a 17th and 18th century plantation on the Rappahannock River in Lancaster County Virginia United States. Corotoman was the residence of Robert Carter I (1662/63 – 4 August 1732) a colonial Governor of Virginia and one of the wealthiest men in the British colonies in North America. Corotoman was located on a point overlooking the Rappahannock River and flanked by Carter's Creek and Corrotoman River to its east and west respectively.
 The Campbell School at 1215 Campbell St. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1885. It was designed and/or built by J.C. Johnson and of Adam Feick. It has also been known as the Eighth Ward School. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 LaSalle Detention Center is a detention facility of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement operated by the GEO Group and located on 830 Pinehill Road about two miles northwest of downtown Jena La Salle Parish Louisiana. The prison admitted its first prisoners in 2007 and has a capacity of 1160.
 The Erza McKenzie Round Barn is located near Hazleton in rural Buchanan County Iowa. It was built in 1922 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 70 feet (21.3m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features small cupolas on the west southwest and south sides of the structure. The building features a two-pitch roof and a central silo.
 Dales United Reformed Church was built as Parkdale Congregational Church on Parkdale Road in Bakersfield Nottingham in 1930.
 Taipei 101 (Chinese: 臺北101 / 台北101) formerly known as the Taipei World Financial Center is a landmark skyscraper located in Xinyi District Taipei Taiwan. The building ranked officially as the world's tallest from 2004 until the opening of the Burj Khalifa in Dubai in 2010.
 The Confederate Monument in Crab Orchard in Lincoln County Kentucky near Crab Orchard Kentucky commemorates the fallen Confederate soldiers of nearby states. Many of those buried here died at the Battle of Wildcat Mountain.The soldiers buried around the monument were from Kentucky Georgia Tennessee and Texas. Twenty-one in total they were reinterred atop the Crab Orchard Hill in 1871.The monument itself is a 10 feet (3.0 m) tall obelisk made of white marble.
 The Lydie Blodgett Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 167 Eastern Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. When the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was called out for its well-preserved Queen Anne styling including its porch with Tuscan columns and brackets in the roof corners near projecting bays. Many of these details have been removed or obscured by later exterior siding replacement and porch reconstruction (see photo).
 St. Andrew's Church 73 Simcoe Street Toronto is a large and historic Romanesque Revival Presbyterian church in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada.
 Forsythe Covered Bridge also known as Forsythe Mill Bridge was built in 1888 by Emmett L. Kennedy. It is located in Rushville Indiana and/or Gowdy Rush County.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic PlacesIt is a Burr Arch bridge 196 feet (60 m) long over Big Flat Rock River.
 Jenkins Homestead is a historic home located at Lansdale Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1805 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stucco over stone dwelling. It has two front entryways one entering onto a through central hallway. It is the oldest structure in Lansdale.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Montreal General Hospital (MGH) (French: Hôpital Général de Montréal) is a hospital in Montreal Quebec (Canada) established in 1820; an early teaching hospital. It is located on Mount Royal at the intersection of Pine Avenue and Côte-des-Neiges Road. It has six pavilions: A B C D E and Livingston (L); plus a research centre in a separate building next to the L pavilion.The MGH was built at the corner of Craig Street (today St. Antoine) and St.
 Pettit Memorial Chapel or simply Pettit Chapel is one of the few chapels ever designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright. The Pettit Chapel is located in the Belvidere Cemetery in Belvidere Illinois United States which is in Boone County. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1978. The chapel is an early example of Frank Lloyd Wright's famed Prairie style. It is one of only two structures meant for a cemetery settings that Wright ever created.
 Walters Bath No. 2 is a historic bath house located in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a small brick building of 40 by 70.5 feet (12.2 by 21.5 m) laid in Flemish bond with black headers and Maryland limestone trimming. It was constructed in a very simplified form of Renaissance Revival architecture popularized at the turn of the 20th century. The bath house was built for the City of Baltimore by Henry Walters (1848–1931) who contributed four bath houses to the city.
 Linden Park is a historic park at Linden Place and Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Great Mosque of Raqqah (Arabic: الجامع الكبير في الرقة‎) is the oldest mosque in ar-Raqqah Syria located at the northern section of the city's heart. It has a rectangular plan (108 meters (354 ft) x 92 meters (302 ft)) with 1.7 meters (5.6 ft) thick mud brick walls fortified with semi-circular towers at the corners. The outer walls of the mosque are constructed of mud bricks supported by solid semi-circular buttress towers.
 The Cathedral-Basilica of Notre-Dame de Québec (Our Lady of Quebec City) located at 20 rue de Buade Quebec City Quebec is the primate church of Canada and seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec the oldest see in the Americas north of Mexico. It is also the parish church of the oldest North American parish north of Mexico and was the first north of Mexico to be elevated to the rank of minor basilica by Pope Pius IX in 1874.
 Visby Cathedral (Swedish: Visby domkyrka) is a cathedral in Visby Sweden which serves the Diocese of Visby.
 The Cathedral of the Epiphany in Sioux City Iowa is the cathedral parish for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City. The Cathedral is located at 1000 Douglas Street in Sioux City.
 The Mt. Moriah Masonic Temple is a historic building in Kadoka South Dakota. It was constructed in 1917 as a meeting hall for Mt. Moriah Lodge No. 155 (a local area Masonic lodge) and still serves that purpose. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. (under the name Mt. Moriah Masonic Lodge No. 155)
 Cardinal Place is a retail and office development in London near Victoria Station and opposite Westminster Cathedral. The site consists of three buildings covering over a million square feet on Victoria Street next door to Portland House and was designed by EPR Architects and built by Sir Robert McAlpine.The topping out ceremony was held in December 2004 and performed by Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor Lord McAlpine and Ian J.
 Wardell House is located at 1 Wardell Rd. in Macon Missouri. The Queen Anne/Queen Anne Victorian architectural style house was designed by Thomas A. Still and built in 1890. It is significant for its architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Senior Hall is a historic building on the University of California Berkeley campus in Berkeley California. The rustic log cabin structure was designed by architect John Galen Howard. The building was proposed in 1903 and dedicated in 1906. It was originally used as the university's student union and run by the senior male students.
 The Goodwill Industries Building is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Fairlane Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall in the Detroit suburb of Dearborn Michigan. Its anchor stores are Macy's JCPenney and Sears. The mall includes an AMC Theatres multiplex as well as H&M DSW Shoe Warehouse and Bally Total Fitness among other major stores. The mall is adjacent to the Hyatt Regency Dearborn.
 The Batasang Pambansa Complex is the headquarters of the House of Representatives of the Philippines. It is located at Batasan Road Batasan Hills Quezon City.The complex was initially the home of the Batasang Pambansa the former parliament of the Philippines which was established as an interim assembly in 1978 and finally as an official body in 1984. Under the 1973 constitution it replaced the bicameral Congress of the Philippines established under the 1935 Commonwealth constitution.
 The Church of the New Jerusalem was a former nineteenth-century Swedenborgian church located in downtown Philadelphia Pennsylvania at 22nd and Chestnut Streets.The church was erected in 1881 to designs by Theophilus Parsons Chandler. When the congregation diminished the church closed in the mid-1980s and the structure was reused in 1989 as office space.
 BNY Mellon Center is a 55-story 220.98 m (725.0 ft) skyscraper located at 500 Grant Street in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Announced on March 27 1980 the tower was completed in 1983. It is the second-tallest building in the city and was initially planned to be the world headquarters of the Dravo Corporation (now Carmeuse Corporation) by its majority owner at the time and current neighbor U.S. Steel.
 The Charles E. Beach House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1900 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 23 1990.
 Our Lady of Sorrows is a Roman Catholic church in Toronto's western district of Etobicoke in the neighbourhood of The Kingsway. The parish includes the central section of Etobicoke where two much earlier Catholic missions once served as the first Roman Catholic places of worship in Etobicoke.
 Makam Sultan Abdul Samad is a Selangor royal mausoleum located at Bukit Jugra in Jugra Selangor Malaysia.
 The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts is a collaborative force based at the University of Houston. The Mitchell Center regularly invites leading visiting artists and creative thinkers from throughout the world to the UH campus to show their work develop new projects lead workshops and teach courses.
 Methodist Episcopal Church of Burlington also known as Old Burlington Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located on US 6 at Township Road 357 in West Burlington Bradford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1822 and is a two-story rectangular frame front gabled building. It measures 30 feet by 45 feet. The interior features an elevated octagonal pulpit. Surrounding the church is a contributing cemetery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Daniel is a New French restaurant located at 60 East 65th Street (between Madison Avenue and Park Avenue) on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It is owned and run by French celebrity chef Daniel Boulud New York's longest-reigning four-star chef.It moved to its current location in early 1999.
 Leadership Square is an office complex in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma USA. The complex was completed in 1984 and comprises One Leadership Square (North Tower) and Two Leadership Square (South Tower). One Leadership Square is taller at 308 feet (94 m) and 22 stories. Two Leadership Square is 224 feet (68 m) and 16 stories. They are the 10th and 19th tallest buildings in Oklahoma City respectively.
 St. Stanislaus Roman Catholic Oratory (Polish: Kościół Świętego Stanisława) - Roman Catholic parish in the historic Mitchell Street District of Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was designed by Polish nobleman Leonard Kowalski one of Milwaukee's early Polish residents who took the name Leonard Schmidtner and spoke German.One of Milwaukee's 'Polish Cathedral's the parish was founded in 1866 by immigrant Poles in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. St.
 St Mary the Virgin (grid reference ST562788) is a Church of England parish church in Henbury Bristol England.There may have been a church on the site since the 7th century. Construction of the present building took place from around 1200 to around 1300. Restoration work was later carried out in the 19th century by the Gothic Revival architects Thomas Rickman and George Edmund Street. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 Crawford Depot also known as Maine Central Passenger Railway Station was built in 1891 in the town of Carroll near the height of land of Crawford Notch a major pass through the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 339 West Kaufman in Paris Texas is an historic structure that on October 26 1988 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. On that date it was vacant. Today it is being used by a Spanish-speaking Baptist congregation.
 The Mount Elizabeth Archeological Site' also known as Racey's Tuckahoe St. Joseph's Novitiate or the Mount Elizabeth Indian Mound is a prehistoric midden and an archaeological site in Jensen Beach Florida. It is located in Martin County's Indian RiverSide Park which includes the former Florida Institute of Technology (Jensen Beach Campus) east of Indian River Drive on the Indian River Lagoon. On September 14 2002 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kingston Pike is a highway in Knox County Tennessee United States that connects Downtown Knoxville with West Knoxville Farragut and other communities in the western part of the county. The road follows a merged stretch of U.S. Route 70 and U.S. Route 11. From its initial construction in the 1790s until the development of the Interstate Highway System in the 1960s Kingston Pike was the main traffic artery in western Knox County and an important section of several cross-country highways.
 The Helen Knowlton House also known as Knowlton Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Helen Knowlton professor of Home Economics from 1924-1941 and the first Head of The Homestead in 1928. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style.
 V2_ Institute for the Unstable Media or simply V2_ is an interdisciplinary center for art and media technology in Rotterdam the Netherlands. It has been singularly important at researching and developing art projects at the interface of art technology and society. V2_ presents produces archives and publishes about art made with new technologies and encourages the debate on these issues.
 Waverly is a historic home located at Croom in Prince George's County Maryland. The house constructed in 1855 is a 2 1⁄2-story two-part Italianate-style frame house. The casing of the principal entrance is a combination of both the Greek Revival and Italianate styles. Also on the property are two of the original outbuildings a meathouse and a washhouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The National Institute of Ear Nose and Throat Bangladesh is a specialized hospital and training center in Ear Nose and Throat (Otorhinolaryngology) diseases located in Tejgaon Dhaka Bangladesh. Construction of the institute began in 2009 and the new 12-storied building was inaugurated by the Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina in June 19 2013.
 The First National Bank Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Located at 401–409 SW 5th Avenue designed by Coolidge and Shattuck of Boston resembling some of the Lincoln memorial classicism it was built in 1916 when the bank outgrew its earlier quarters and when it was subsequently under the ownership of H.W.Corbett’s grandsons.It was the headquarters of The First National Bank in Portland from 1916 to 1972 at S.W.
 Antea LifeStyle Center or simply Antea is a shopping mall in the city of Querétaro Mexico which was opened in November 2013. It is the largest mall in Mexico and the second largest mall in Latin America (after Brazil's mall Leste Aricanduva).
 Lavenham Priory is a 15th-century Grade I listed building in Suffolk England.Aubrey de Vere I was the Lord of the Manor according to the Domesday Book of 1086. It was a monastic house of the Dominican Order.The Wealden hall house structure dates from 13th Century.It is now operating as a Bed and Breakfast.
 The Grand Hotel is a Victorian sea front hotel in Brighton on the south coast of England. It is owned and managed by De Vere Hotels.
 Fort Halifax was a U.S. colonial outpost on the Kennebec River at modern-day Winslow Maine. It is now a National Historic Landmark.
 Southern Railway headquarters administrative building Chennai is an Indo-Saracenic structure located adjacent to the Chennai Central railway station on Poonamallee High Road. Built in 1921 as the new Madras and Southern Mahratta Railway Company (MSMR) headquarters (successor of Madras Railway Company) replacing the general office of MSMR at Royapuram Railway Station the building now functions as the headquarters of the Southern Railways.
 The 1941 Historical Aircraft Group Museum is a warbird and military history museum located on the grounds of the Geneseo Airport in Geneseo New York. Founded in 1994 the museum restores flies and displays vintage military aircraft from the Second World War and Korean War eras. As of 2012 the museum is undergoing renovations to increase exhibit space and is adding a dedicated area for its America at Home exhibit to show examples of American home front life during World War II.
 Exton Hotel also known as Exton House and Ship Station is a historic hotel located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1859 and is a three-story five bay stuccoed stone building with a full width porch in the Italianate style. It has a one-story addition. For several years it housed a ticket office for the adjacent Chester Valley Railroad.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Davol Mills is a historic textile mill complex located at the corner of Plymouth Avenue and Rodman Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1867 and expanded in 1871. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as part of the Corky Row Historic District The red brick mills are unique in the city built in the Second Empire style.
 The Outlet Collection  Jersey Gardens is a two-level indoor outlet mall in Elizabeth New Jersey. The mall opened on October 21 1999 and is the largest outlet mall in New Jersey and much closer to New York City than its largest outlet mall competitor Woodbury Common.
 North Grand Mall is a 340000-square-foot shopping center serving the city of Ames Iowa and owned by GK Development Inc. since 2004. In 2006 plans were announced for a $30 million renovation and expansion. In 2004 a farmers' market operated at the mall. The mall's anchor stores are JCPenney and Younkers with a third anchor (Sears) having announced its closure in late 2008.
 The Protestant church of Buitenpost is a medieval religious building in Buitenpost Friesland in the Netherlands.The late Gothic church with a quintuple closed choir was built in the late 15th century. The tower of the church is much older and dates from c. 1200 it was heightened in the 16th century and has a tented roof. The monumental pipe organ was built in 1877 by L. van Dam & Zn.It was originally a Roman Catholic church becoming a Protestant church after the Protestant Reformation.
 The Treptowers is a complex of buildings with a distinctive high-rise in the Alt-Treptow district of Berlin Germany. Completed in 1998 the complex is located on the Spree River. The name Treptowers is a portmanteau word from Treptow and the English word tower.
 The Adena Court Apartments are an apartment building in downtown Zanesville Ohio United States. Built in 1906 the apartments are a well-preserved example of the Colonial Revival style of architecture of the early twentieth century.This three-story apartment building was built for Charles M. Lenhart a Zanesfield doctor.
 The Big Bottom massacre occurred on January 2 1791 near present-day Stockport now in Morgan County Ohio United States. Delaware and Wyandot Indians surprised a new settlement at the edge of the flood plain or bottom land of the Muskingum River; they stormed the blockhouse and killed eleven men one woman and two children.
 The Otto W. and Ida L. Nelson House is a house located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Boston Common (also known as the Common) is a central public park in Boston Massachusetts. It is sometimes erroneously referred to as the Boston Commons. Dating from 1634 it is the oldest city park in the United States. The Boston Common consists of 50 acres (20 ha) of land bounded by Tremont Street Park Street Beacon Street Charles Street and Boylston Street.
 Crantock Monastery was a monastery in Cornwall England.
 County Line Baptist Church is a historic church east of Dudleyville Alabama. The church was first organized on May 2 1835 in the frontier home of William C. Morgan. Morgan purchased the two acre site from Creek Indians and contributed it to the church.
 The former First Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church building located at 8601 Woodward Avenue in Detroit Michigan. Built in 1909 it was designed by architect Guy J. Vinton in the Late Gothic Revival style. It is now the Peoples Community Church. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 1982.
 Isaac Stout House is a historic home located at Williams Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. The original section of the house was built about 1772 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay stone structure in the Georgian style. The original section measures approximately 40 feet wide and 30 feet deep. The interior has a center hall plan and has Federal style details. An addition was completed in 2001.
 Lydiate Hall was a 16th century hall in Lydiate Merseyside England. The hall was a black-and-white half-timbered house and was similar in design to Speke Hall. The hall was accompanied by a private chapel. It was a known Catholic house during the time of Elizabeth I of England and the building contained at least three priest holes. The hall became a ruin in the early 20th century and is now part of the grounds of Lydiate Hall Farm on Southport Road Lydiate.
 Bana or Banak(Armenian: Բանակ bɑnɑk; Georgian: ბანა bɑnɑ) is a ruined early medieval Orthodox cathedral in the Erzurum Province northeastern Turkey in what had formerly been a historical merchland known to Armenians as Tayk and to Georgians as Tao.In 302 BC this territory become the part of the ancient Kingdom of Iberia under king Pharnavaz I[citation needed].
 Brenner Children's Hospital is a children's hospital in Winston-Salem North Carolina.The Brenner Children's Hospital is dedicated to tertiary pediatric care with specialty children's services such as chronic disease treatment cancer/acute leukemia treatment and infant and child cardiothoracic surgery. The hospital provides holistic family-centered care to patients from birth to age 18.Affiliated with Wake Forest University it is the pediatric arm of North Carolina Baptist Hospital.
 The Château de Montbillon is a château in Saint-Sornin in the Allier départment in the Auvergne region of France.
 Ralph Allen's Town House is a grade I listed townhouse in Bath Somerset England.Ralph Allen commenced building it in or shortly afer 1727 although it is unlikely he ever lived there.
 The Quaintance Block was the first storefront in historic downtown Golden Colorado to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1911 it is a one-of-a-kind architectural landmark combining Victorian and presaging modern styles featuring unique experimental glazed bricks. It is also fondly remembered among locals as the Spudnut Shop.
 The Florence McClure Women's Correctional Center (FMWCC originally the Southern Nevada Women's Correctional Facility) in North Las Vegas Nevada. All custody levels (minimum medium etc.) are housed there. It is operated by the Nevada Department of Corrections (NDOC). It houses the State of Nevada's female death row.
 Black Horse Tavern-Bellvue Hotel and Office is a historic inn and tavern complex located at Hollins Roanoke County Virginia. The complex consists of the Black Horse Tavern (c. 1782) the Greek Revival style Bellvue Hotel (also known as Kyle's Hotel) (c. 1854) and the temple-fronted Greek Revival style brick Office (c. 1840). Other contributing resources on the property include a spring house (c. 1900) and a shed (c. 1930).
 Ben's Chili Bowl is a landmark restaurant in Washington D.C. located at 1213 U Street next to Lincoln Theatre in the Shaw neighborhood of northwest D.C. It is known locally for its chili dogs half-smokes and milkshakes and has been an integral part of the neighborhood's history since its founding in 1958. It was frequented by both police and protesters during the 1968 Washington D.C. riots and is regularly visited by celebrities such as Bill Cosby and Chris Tucker.
 French Worsted Company Mill Historic District in a historic district at 153 Hamlet Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The district features a mill complex constructed between 1906 and 1939 with the backing of Woonsocket politician Aram Pothier who convinced French investors to support the mill. The mill district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21 2008.As of March 6 2012 this series of buildings are being demolished.
 The YM Oceanic Culture and Art Museum (Chinese: 陽明海洋文化藝術館; pinyin: Yángmíng Hǎiyáng Wénhuà Yìshùguǎn) or Yang Ming Oceanic Culture and Art Museum (OCAM) is a museum about oceanic culture and art in Keelung Taiwan.The Keelung City Government lists this building as one of the ten most important historic buildings in Keelung City.[citation needed]
 The Gokurakusan Jōdo-ji (極楽山浄土寺) is a temple of the Shingon sect in Ono Hyōgo Japan. It was established by Chōgen in 1190 - 1198.Jōdo-ji's Jōdodō completed in 1194 is a National Treasure of Japan.[citation needed] The architecture is in the Daibutsu style that combines Japanese and Chinese elements.
 Muscoot Farm is an early 20th-century interpretative farm museum near Somers New York in the United States. The farm is owned and operated by the Westchester County Department of Parks Recreation and Conservation.
 The West Block (officially the Western Departmental Building; in French: Édifice administratif de l'ouest) is one of the three buildings on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Ontario containing offices for parliamentarians as well as some preserved pre-Confederation spaces.Built in the Victorian High Gothic style the West Block has been extended twice since its original completion in 1865.
 The National Museum of Computing is a museum in the United Kingdom dedicated to collecting and restoring historic computer systems. The museum is based at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire England and opened in 2007.
 Hathaway also known as V. Everit Macy and Edith Carpenter Macy Estate is a historic estate house located at Tannersville in Greene County New York. The house was built in 1907 and designed by noted architects Delano & Aldrich. It is a large two story rectangular residence surmounted by a hipped roof with deep overhanging eaves and exposed rafters. It is constructed of concrete block coated in stucco. Also on the property are a carriage house solarium garage and shed.
 Hop Church (Norwegian: Hop kirke) is a parish church in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Skjånes. The church is part of the Gamvik parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1977 to serve the southern part of the municipality.
 Yubenco Star Mall is a shopping complex in Zamboanga City located at Maria Clara L. Lobregat Highway (MCLL) Putik Zamboanga City (fronting the Zamboanga City Electric Cooperative Main Plant). Yubenco Star Mall consists of a 5-star restaurant-bar a wet market and the main mall. Equitable PCI Bank Western Union and Jollibee are located outside the main mall but part of the complex.
 Saint Paul's Rectory is a historic church rectory at 130 Aspinwall Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The IOOF Hall and Opera House in Bladen Nebraska was built in 1913. It served historically as a meeting hall as a theater and as a music facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Bladensfield was a historic home located near Warsaw Richmond County Virginia. It was built about 1790 and was a 2 1/2-story five-bay Federal style frame dwelling with a hipped roof and interior end chimneys. The interior featured Federal and Greek Revival details. In 1854 the Bladensfield Seminary was established and the house was enlarged by the addition of a two-bay school room.
 Thomas Creighton School is a historic school building located in the Crescentville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1929-1930. It is a three-story eight-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. Additions were built in 1931 and 1954.
 Whale Oil Row is a historic site at 105-119 Huntington Street in New London Connecticut.The Greek Revival row was built in 1835. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Coventry Parish Ruins are the remnants of an historic Episcopal church located at Rehobeth Somerset County Maryland. It consists of a two-story seven-by-three-bay Flemish bond brick church erected between 1785 and 1788. The ruin has been reduced to three primary walls since the south wall rises only a foot above ground level except for one single-story pier. At the time of its construction it was the largest Episcopal church on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
 General Winfield Scott House is where General and unsuccessful Whig Presidential candidate Winfield Scott lived from 1853 to 1855. The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 St Michael at the North Gate is a church in Cornmarket Street at the junction with Ship Street in central Oxford England. The church is so-called because this is the location of the original north gate of Oxford when it was surrounded by a city wall.
 Livingston Memorial Church and Burial Ground is a historic Dutch Reformed church at CR 10 & Wire Road in Linlithgo Columbia County New York. It was built in 1870 on the site of the original 1721 church and above the Livingston family burial crypt established in 1727. It is on land provided by Robert Livingston the Elder (1654-1728) in his will. It is a one story rectangular brick structure 48 feet long and 24 feet wide.
 Henry B. Friedman Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1880 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular brick building with a raised basement and stucco-covered stone foundation. It has a moderately pitched gable roof. It is three bays wide and six bays deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Southern Cross Tower also known as 121 Exhibition Street is a 161-metre (530 ft) skyscraper in Melbourne Victoria Australia. The tower was built in 2004 and comprises 39 levels of office accommodation. The complex is a twin tower. The SX1 (or East tower) delivers 76700 square meters of space over 39 floors. The SX2 (or West Tower) provides 45200 square metres and 22 levels. The tower was once the location of Melbourne’s prestigious Southern Cross Hotel.
 Flagler Museum also known as Whitehall is a 55-room mansion open to the public in Palm Beach Florida in the United States. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Edgar Zabriskie Residence is located at 3524 Hawthorne Avenue in the Bemis Park neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska United States. It was built in 1889 as one of the first homes in Bemis Park. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 and was designated an Omaha Landmark in 1980.
 The Thomas T. Gaff House is the diplomatic residence of the Colombian ambassador to the United States a post currently held by Gabriel Silva Lujan.
 San Pio V a Villa Carpegna is a Titular Church in the Roman Catholic Church. It was established on March 5 1973 by Pope Paul VI for Cardinal-Deacon. The title was previously raised pro hac vice after José Tomás Sánchez † was installed cardinal-priest in 2002 ten years after serving as cardinal-deacon. The title is now held by an American Cardinal James Harvey.
 The Ritz-Carlton is a hotel located in Georgetown on the outskirts of downtown Washington D.C. in the United States. It is near The Kennedy Center and the Georgetown waterfront. It is an AAA 5-star luxury hotel one of the four in Washington D.C. The hotel is made of 86 rooms 27 premier suites and 5 luxury suites. All rooms and suites have a view of the Potomac River and historic Georgetown. It contains a 140 feet (43 m) smokestack coming from the lobby fireplace.
 South Starksboro Friends Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Quaker meeting house and cemetery on Dan Sargent Road in Starksboro Vermont.It was built in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Oglebay Hall is a historic classroom building associated with the West Virginia University and located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1918 and is a three-story brick and concrete building with Classical Revival detailing. The front facade features four Doric order columns that support a pediment with a false concrete railing and entabulature with the building's name. It also has balconies with cast iron balustrades.
 The Victor Cullen Center Old Administration Building is a historic building located at Sabillasville Frederick County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone and frame structure located on a hillside with four stone chimneys two on each gable end.
 Peter Faneuil School is an historic school at 60 Joy Street on Beacon Hill in Boston Massachusetts.The school was built in 1909 and named after Peter Faneuil. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Marble Towers is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg South Africa. It was built in 1973 and is 32 storeys tall. The building has an eight-storey parking garage attached to it. It has the biggest electronic sign in the Southern Hemisphere measuring 44 metres by 32 metres by 12 metres. It is made out of a mixture of concrete and marble. Its main use is for commercial offices.
 The Imperial Dynasty restaurant was a five-star restaurant in Hanford California. The restaurant was founded in 1883 in Hanford's Chinatown and was run by the same family for four generations.Richard Wing combined French and Chinese cooking in the 1960s to create one of the first fusion cuisines. The restaurant closed in early 2006. Wing died in 2010 at the age of 89.
 US Post Office-Carthage is a historic post office building located at Carthage in Jefferson County New York. It was designed and built in 1934-1935 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. The one story brick building is in the Colonial Revival style.
 Le Royal Méridien Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located at the Guindy-Kathipara Junction on Anna Salai Chennai India. Initially built as Madras Hilton at an investment of 1650 million the hotel was however opened as Le Royal Meridien Chennai.
 Halifax Shopping Centre located in Halifax Nova Scotia is Atlantic Canada's largest multi-building shopping centre. The centre is operated by Toronto-based 20 VIC Management Inc.
 Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre is a Canadian hospital in Moncton New Brunswick.Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre operates as a tertiary care referral hospital and specializes in oncology and trauma care services.Operated by Vitalité Health Network the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont University Hospital Centre traces its history to 1922 with the establishment of the Hôtel-Dieu de l’Assomption by the Sisters of Providence.
 The Tree Studio Building and Annexes was an artist colony established in Chicago Illinois in 1894 by Judge Lambert Tree and his wife Anne Tree.
 The Center Wheeling Market is a historic public market located along Market Street between 22nd and 23rd Streets in Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It consists of the Center Wheeling Market building as well as the Center Wheeling Fish Market. The 1853 Center Wheeling Market building was designed by architect Thomas Pope as an open market. The building is of neo-classical style with three bays and structural cast iron Doric order columns.
 St Nicholas Church in Newchurch Lancashire England is a Church of England parish church founded in the early 1500s.
 The Royal Oak Hotel is a pub in the suburb of Balmain in the Inner West of Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia.The pub has historical links with the union movement and is one of a number of buildings which formed an integral part of the shipbuilding and industrial history of the local area.
 City Hall is a civic building in Cathays Park Cardiff Wales serving as Cardiff's centre of local government since it opened in October 1906. Built of Portland stone it is an important early example of the Edwardian Baroque style.
 The Delaware and Raritan Canal (D&R Canal) is a canal in central New Jersey United States built in the 1830s that served to connect the Delaware River to the Raritan River. It was intended as an efficient and reliable means of transportation of freight between Philadelphia Pennsylvania and New York City especially coal from the anthracite coal fields in eastern Pennsylvania.
 Sensō-ji (金龍山浅草寺 Kinryū-zan Sensō-ji) is an ancient Buddhist temple located in Asakusa Taitō Tokyo Japan. It is Tokyo's oldest temple and one of its most significant. Formerly associated with the Tendai sect it became independent after World War II. Adjacent to the temple is a Shinto shrine the Asakusa Shrine.
 Sunnyside is a historic plantation home and complex located near Newsoms Southampton County Virginia. The house was built in three stages dating to about 1815 1847 and 1870. It is a two-story T-shaped frame dwelling. The main section was built in 1870 and has Greek Revival and Italianate design elements. The front facade features an imposing two-story pedimented portico sheltering the main entrance.
 The Martin Anderson House at 105 North 300 West in Brigham City Utah is a historic adobe brick house that was built in c.1886 and expanded in 1901. It includes Greek Revival and Late Victorian architectural elements. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It is a one-and-a-half story cross-wing house one of few pioneer-era houses in its area that has not been remodeled unsympathetically.
 St Oswald’s Church East Stoke is a Grade II* listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in East Stoke Nottinghamshire.
 Gas Company Tower is a 52-storey 228.3 m (749 ft) class-A office skyscraper in downtown Los Angeles California. Located on the north side of Fifth Street between Olive Street and Grand Avenue across from the Biltmore Hotel the building serves as the headquarters for the Southern California Gas Company which vacated its previous offices on Eighth- and Flower-streets in 1991 and is home to the Los Angeles offices of Arent Fox Morrison & Foerster and Sidley Austin.
 Gethsemane Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 40 North Hering Street in Appleton Minnesota United States. Built in 1879 during the episcopate of pioneer Bishop Henry Benjamin Whipple it was originally a Carpenter Gothic style wooden-frame structure with the board and batten walls and lancet windows typical of that style.
 The Nelson F. Libby House is a historic house at 147–149 Weston Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1891 by Nelson Libby who owned a woodworking firm that probably manufactured the architectural parts used in its construction. It is an imposing Queen Anne Victorian with the characteristic array of projecting gables and porches as well as a turret.
 Tunnelton Railroad Depot is a historic railway station located at Tunnelton Preston County West Virginia. It was built in 1912-1913 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. It is a rectangular one-story brick structure. The exterior walls are constructed of brick stone and mortar with ornate wood soffit extended wood fascia and Spanish style ceramic roof tile topped with large tile caps.
 Oulu City Hall (Finnish: Oulun kaupungintalo) is the seat for the municipal government of the City of Oulu Finland. It is located in the Pokkinen district of the central Oulu.The neo-renaissance style city hall was designed by a Swedish architect Johan Erik Stenberg as the restaurant and hotel Seurahuone in 1885. The third floor was added and other major changes made in 1920 according to plans of architect Oiva Kallio.
 The Sidney Museum and Archivesis a non-profit community organization located in Sidney British Columbia Canada which is dedicated to the history of Sidney and North Saanich. Run by the Society of Saanich Peninsula Museums the museum promotes awareness of local heritage through exhibits programs and collections. Its permanent collection consists of over 6000 items.In addition to its permanent exhibits the museum also has rotating monthly exhibits.
 Dandenong Plaza is a major-regional shopping centre located in the heart of Dandenong built adjoining Myer Dandenong in 1989. Myer originally opened in Dandenong on November 4 1974 as a four-level standalone department store. It is approximately 30 kilometres south-east of the Melbourne CBD. The centre has two large food courts (one outside Target on level 1 and another outside Reading Cinemas on level 2). Level 3 has a large Fresh Food Hall outside Coles supermarket.
 Kuggen (Swedish for 'the (cogwheel) cog') is a building owned by real estate company Chalmersfastigheter for Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg Sweden designed by Wingårdh arkitektkontor. Construction started in October 2010 and was finished in March 2011. The building is located on the Lindholmen campus where it is connected to the neighboring buildings Jupiter and Science Park by two walkways on the first floor.
 Fairfield Plantation also known as the Lynch House is a plantation about 5 mi (8 km) east of McClellanville in Charleston County South Carolina. It is adjacent to the Wedge Plantation and just north of Harrietta Plantation. The plantation house was built around 1730. It is located just off US Highway 17 near the Santee River. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1975.
 The Château de Belpuig is a ruined castle in the commune of Prunet-et-Belpuig in the Pyrénées-Orientales département of France.The castle occupies a strategic position on a rocky spur overlooking the surrounding countryside that is only a 15 minute walk from the village. The extensive panorama takes in the mountain ranges of Canigou the Albères the Corbières and the coast of Languedoc and Roussillon.
 Ginghamsburg Church is a multi-site megachurch located in Tipp City Ohio a suburb thirteen miles north of Dayton Ohio. It hosts nearly 5000 people of all ages on its campuses each week and is currently the fourth-largest United Methodist church in the United States. It has repeatedly been named one of the most influential churches in America.
 Barclay Viewforth Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland in the Presbytery of Edinburgh. Located at the border between the Bruntsfield and Tollcross areas of the city at the junction of Barclay Place and Wright's Houses it was built by Frederick Thomas Pilkington (1832–98) – starting in 1862 and completed in 1864 – from a bequest left by Mary Barclay for the building of a church for the Free Church of Scotland. The first minister of the congregation was Rev.
 The Kemp Place is a historic farmstead at 186 Summer Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. The Italianate farmhouse was built in 1858 by Robert Father Kemp founder of the Old Folks Concerts a nostalgic singing group that toured the country. It is one of Reading's more elaborate Italianate houses and is one of the few of the period whose cupola has survived.The farmhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; the property's period barn has also been listed.
 The Garden of Dreams (Nepali:स्वप्न बगैंचा) also the Garden of Six Seasons is a neo-classical historical garden in Kathmandu Nepal built in 1920. Designed by Kishore Narshingh it consists of 6895 square metres (74220 sq ft) of gardens with three pavilions an amphitheater ponds pergolas and urns. From the mid-1960s upon the death of its patron Kaiser Sumsher Rana it lay in neglect but was recently restored with the help of the Austrian government.
 The Book's Covered Bridge also known as Kaufman Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Jackson Township near Blain in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 70-foot-long (21 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1884. It crosses Sherman Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Latvian Museum in Rockville Maryland has as its mission the preservation and communication of Latvian history and culture and the history of Latvians in the United States. The Museum is housed in facilities that include the national headquarters of the American Latvian Association as well as the Latvian Evangelical Lutheran church and Latvian Saturday school which serve the Latvian American community in the greater Washington D.C. area.
 Fairview is a historic home located north of Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay frame house with a three bay front porch. It has a gable roof with dormers. The house is sheathed in asbestos siding over weatherboard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Don Pedro is a Mexican restaurant in San Antonio Texas. The readers of the San Antonio Express-News have several times voted it the best Mexican restaurant in San Antonio.
 The Sarasota Woman's Club (also known as the Florida Studio Theatre) is a historic woman's club in Sarasota Florida. It is located at 1241 North Palm Avenue. It was founded in 1913 and on January 18 1985 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The clubhouse is now home to the Keating Theater the mainstage of Florida Studio Theatre.
 Quaker Square is a shopping and dining complex located in downtown Akron Ohio. Housed in a mill factory and silos built and owned by Quaker Oats the buildings were bought by developers in the early 1970s who sought to create a unique useful home for shops and restaurants. The buildings were bought by the University of Akron in 2007. The hotel has been converted to a residence hall. The retail space consists of several small shops and restaurants and offices are on the floors above.
 Gharghavank (also Zoravor Church) is located on the outskirts of the village of Zoravan on the lower slopes of Mount Ara in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. To get to the church turn left immediately after the small cemetery before reaching the village and go up the dirt road that follows closely next to the cemetery grounds. At the fork keep following left up past the cemetery along a poorly maintained dirt road.
 The I.O.O.F. Building is a building in Idaho Falls Idaho United States. It was built in Romanesque Revival style in 1909 and served historically as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Greeneville Commons is a shopping center located in Greeneville Tennessee along US Route 11E and US Route 11E Business.Greeneville Commons is the largest shopping complex in Greeneville. It is Anchored by Belk JcPenney Kmart and Burke's Outlet with Hibbett Sports and Rue21 as a Junior Anchors.
 SM City Calamba is the 39th shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the 3rd SM Supermall in the province of Laguna in the Philippines. It is located along National Road Brgy. Real in Calamba City. The mall has a gross floor area of 66516 square meters and occupies 60102 square meters of land.
 The William Friend Young House at 550 E. Five Hundred N. in Pleasant Grove Utah United States was built during 1885-86. Its exterior walls are soft rock.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Swaffham Bulbeck Priory was a priory in Cambridgeshire England.
 The historic Christ Church Cathedral located at 421 South 2nd Street Louisville Kentucky was founded on May 31 1822. The original church building was completed in 1824 a new Romanesque Revival facade was added in 1870.Christ Church became the Cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Kentucky in May 1894. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 State Youth Remand Centre - Rangeview is an Australian juvenile remand prison facility for between 10 and 18 years located at Murdoch Western Australia. The prison is primarily used for the detention of juveniles held in custody awaiting trial. The detainees have access to a variety of activities and educational programs. Detainees aged 17 and under must attend school.
 Henry F. Spaulding Coachman's House is a historic home located at Riverdale The Bronx in New York New York. It was built about 1880 and is representative of the Stick-Eastlake style. The main section is a 2 1⁄2-story cottage dwelling with board and batten siding. It features jigsaw ornament twin chimneys and a polychromed slate roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The U.S. Post Office in Schenectady New York is located at Jay and Liberty streets just north of City Hall. It serves the 12305 12307 and 12308 ZIP Codes which covers the city. It is a brick Classical Revival building erected in 1912 and added onto extensively in 1933. At that point in time its main entrance was moved to Jay Street.Its detailing particularly the arched windows inspired a similar design for the neighboring city hall in 1931.
 The Masonic Temple in Fisherville Kentucky is a historic building from at least 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Originally the building was jointly owned and used by two Religious denominations (the Fisherville Christian Church and the Fisherville Baptist Church) and the local Masonic lodge (Philip Swigert Lodge No. 218). The Christian Church sold its shares to the Baptist Church in 1881.
 Wells Japanese Garden is a small Japanese garden located on Lindsay Street in Newberry South Carolina. It is open daily.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The garden was created by W. Fulmer Wells in 1930 donated to the city in 1971 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Joseph Convent and Academy Complex (also known as Sisters of St. Joseph of the Third Order of St. Francis; Marymount) is a historic church at 12215 Granger Road in Garfield Heights Ohio.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 Sheraton Imperial Kuala Lumpur is a five star hotel located on Jalan Sultan Ismail in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 Bishop Asbury Cottage (grid reference SP032939) is a 17th-century cottage on Newton Road Great Barr England known for being the boyhood home of Francis Asbury one of the first two bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church (now The United Methodist Church) in the United States. It is now a museum in his memory.
 All Saints Church at Dodington in the parish of Holford Somerset England was rebuilt and enlarged in the 15th century. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The nave was refenestrated and re-roofed in the 16th century and the chancel refenestrated early in the 17th century having been previously rebuilt in the 15th century. A chapel was added in 1610 and the upper stage of the tower added in 1772.
 Connell Mansion is a historic home located at Ephrata Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and is a three-story brick dwelling with a low hipped slate roof and octagonal cupola. It has a two-story rear section with a one-story extension both with gable roofs. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house and frame privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Atago Green Hills (愛宕グリーンヒルズ Atago Gurīn Hiruzu) is an urban complex located in Atago Minato-ku in central Tokyo between the Kamiyacho and Onarimon subway stations. Constructed by building tycoon Minoru Mori the complex incorporates offices residences shops gardens temples and museum.
 Weston Observatory is a historic observatory on Oak Hill Derryfield Park in Manchester New Hampshire.It was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Rönneholm Castle (Swedish: Rönneholms slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 St. Gertrude New Church (Latvian: Jaunā Svētās Ģertrūdes Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 119 Brīvības Street.
 The Golden Dragon Museum is situated in the city of Bendigo Victoria Australia. The museum is dedicated to the history and culture of the Chinese people who immigrated to the region. Built on the historical site of one of Bendigo's Chinatowns the museum's precinct also includes Chinese Gardens and a temple to Kuan Yin. Through the museum accreditation program it was the first accredited museum in Victoria.
 Adams County Correctional Facility is a federal prison for men located at 20 Hobo Fork Road Natchez Mississippi operated by the Corrections Corporation of America under contract with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Prisons. The facility has a capacity of 2443 inmates. Most of them are illegal immigrants charged with re-entering the United States after a deportation.
 The Beehive is the common name for the Executive Wing of the New Zealand Parliament Buildings located at the corner of Molesworth Street and Lambton Quay Wellington. It is so-called because of its shape is reminiscent of that of a traditional woven form of beehive known as a skep.
 The J.W. Stewart House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The First Cathedral exists both as a non-denominational Christian ministry based in Bloomfield Connecticut as well as the edifice in which the ministry is held . Originally known as The 1st Baptist Church it was founded in 1968 in Hartford Connecticut. The pastor is Archbishop LeRoy Bailey Jr.
 The George L. Sanford House at 405 N. Roop St. in Carson City Nevada United States was built in c.1910. It includes Bungalow/craftsman Stick/Eastlake and Second Empire architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994; the listing included two contributing buildings.George L. Sanford came to Nevada in about 1906 and was experienced in law and in thenewspaper industry; he came to control the Carson City News newspaper.
 Houndshill Shopping Centre is an indoor shopping mall in Blackpool Lancashire England. It is owned and operated by Modus Properties.Houndshill is the only enclosed shopping centre in the town and is situated at the heart of the prime retail area.
 The Mount Zion Methodist Episcopal Church in Eaton Indiana was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Julia Tutwiler Prison for Women is a prison for women of the Alabama Department of Corrections located in Wetumpka Alabama. All female inmates entering ADOC are sent to the receiving unit in Tutwiler. Tutwiler houses Alabama's female death row which qualifies it for the maximum security classification.
 Rodgers Forge is a neighborhood located in the unincorporated Towson area of Baltimore County Maryland just north of the Baltimore City/County line. It is mostly a residential area with rowhouses apartments single-family dwellings and a new complex of luxury garaged townhomes. The area also has a small amount of commercial development.
 Knipe-Moore-Rupp Farm also known as Cedar View Farm is a historic home and barn located in Russian Space Upper Gwynedd Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The property includes four contributing buildings and three contributing structures. They are the residence (c. 1808) stone bank barn (1808) eight hole privy (1817) 19th century smoke house / springhouse / ice house 19th century corn crib well and pillars.
 The Eli Whitney Museum in Hamden Connecticut is an experimental learning workshop for students teachers and families. The museum focuses on teaching experiments that are the roots of design and invention featuring hands-on building projects and exhibits on Eli Whitney and A. C. Gilbert.The museum building was originally the Eli Whitney Armory erected by Whitney to produce muskets on a site he purchased on September 17 1798.
 Holy Trinity Anglican Church is a large historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located at 40986 Western Road (PEI Route 2) in the unincorporated village of Alma 4 miles north of Alberton Prince Edward Island Canada. It was built of wood between 1888 and 1890 by local craftsmen Its steep pitched roof lancet windows and entrance tower are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. Its rear chancel has a separate roof line and appears to be an add on.
 Red Church (Czech: Červený kostel) is a former Protestant church in Olomouc Czech Republic.The church was built in 1901-1902 by German architect Max Löwe. It was used by local German-speaking Protestant congregation of the German Evangelical Church in Bohemia Moravia and Silesia. After World War II Germans were expelled and the church was shifted to Czech Protestants. In 1959 it was given to the university library and since that time it serves as a magazine for books.
 Pendleton County Poor Farm is a historic poor farm house located at Upper Tract Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 and is a large 2 1/2-story frame building. It features a full width front porch and hipped roof with dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Shoal Creek Baptist Church is a historic church in Edwardsville Alabama. It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 4 1974. The present church building is apparently the third to have been built at the site.There is no record of the formal end of the church fellowship. The church declined due to membership relocation and by 1914 apparently so many had left that the church no longer met regularly.
 Kingsport Town Center formerly Fort Henry Mall located in Kingsport Tennessee is the only regional shopping mall serving Kingsport. It was opened March 10 1976 as a two-level mall located at the intersection of Fort Henry Drive and Memorial Blvd. It has been managed by Avision Young for the owner Somera Capital Management. The mall has relied on 3 anchor stores: Belk JC Penney and Sears.Over 65 stores have been located in the mall.
 Ryōgen-ji (良玄寺) is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Ōtaki in Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is closely associated with Honda Tadakatsu a daimyō of the late Sengoku through early Edo period loyal to Tokugawa Ieyasu.
 Titanium La Portada is an office building in Santiago Chile. Located in the capital's high-end financial district of El Golf it is the second tallest skyscraper in the country. Construction began in January 2007 and was completed in January 2010. It will remain the tallest tower in the country until overtaken by Torre Gran Costanera which surpassed it in height in November 2010 but is not yet complete. It was officially inaugurated on May 3 2010.
 The Krueger Mansion is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The mansion was built on the corner of Court and High Street (now Martin Luther King Boulevard) in 1888 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 9 1972.
 Jacob Dingee House is a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1771 and is an example of an 18th-century urban residence continually occupied by working families. It is a two-story brick dwelling consisting of a 17 feet 5 inches wide by 24 feet deep main block connected to a 13 feet 8 inch wide and 31 feet deep rear wing by a 10 feet wide 6 feet long connector wing. It is adjacent to the Obidiah Dingee House.
 Christian Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage in Plantersville Alabama. Both the church and the parsonage were built in 1898. The pair were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Gibson House Museum is an historic house museum located at 137 Beacon Street in the Back Bay Boston Massachusetts. It preserves the 1860 building occupied by three generations of the Gibson family.
 Old Probst Church also known as Propst Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located near Brandywine Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built about 1887 and is a rectangular frame building with clapboard siding on a cut stone foundation. The church was in use until 1920 then renovated starting in 1968 for use as a community center. The surrounding property includes the site of the first church built about 1769.
 The Central Baptist Church is a historic church in Miami Florida. It is located at 500 Northeast 1st Avenue. On January 4 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. On October 21 2007 Central Baptist Church voted to merge with Christ Fellowship originally named First Baptist Church of Perrine.
 St Barnabas' Church Bromborough is in the town of Bromborough Wirral Merseyside England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and stands within the boundary of the Bromborough Village Conservation Area. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it a handsome church for a village-gone-prosperous.
 Rokeby is a Georgian house near Leesburg Virginia built in the mid-18th century. The house is the best example of Georgian architecture in Loudoun County. Rokeby served as a repository for U.S. Government documents during the British occupation and burning of Washington in 1814 during the War of 1812. The Declaration of Independence was reputedly kept in the basement.
 The George B. Cox House is a historic residence in Cincinnati Ohio United States. An Italianate building constructed in 1894 this two-and-a-half story building was built as the home of leading Hamilton County politician George B. Cox.
 The First Methodist Church of St. Petersburg (also known as the First United Methodist Church of St. Petersburg) is a historic church in St. Petersburg Florida. It is located at 212 3rd Street North. On September 13 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Antioch Center was An open air type center with the center portion not enclosed later as malls became more popular it was enclosed shopping mall it was located in the northern part of Kansas City Missouri United States just south of the border for Gladstone MO. The mall opened in 1956 and was once home to the first location for ShowBiz Pizza Place.
 The American Fork Second Ward Meetinghouse is an eclectic Gothic Revival building on South Street in American Fork Utah. Built from 1903 to 1904 it served as Mormon meetinghouse until 1982. It is believed that the building was designed by James H. Pulley a local carpenter and builder. A large addition built in 1929 was designed by architects Young and Hansen of Salt Lake City. In 1984 the building was sold to Michael Bigelow. It became the home of Bigelow & Co. Organ Builders.
 The Marble Schoolhouse is a Greek Revival style schoolhouse in Eastchester New York that was built in 1835. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.The building was moved to its current location in 1869.The schoolhouse features exhibits of local history and is open by appointment with the Eastchester Historical Society.
 The Jāmeh Mosque of Yazd (Persian: مسجد جامع یزد‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Yazd) is the grand congregational mosque (Jāmeh) of Yazd city within the Yazd Province of Iran. The mosque is depicted on the obverse of the Iranian 200 rials banknote.
 The Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing is located at 13700 SW 16th Ave Ocala Florida just off Interstate 75. Opened in 1984 it chronicles the history of the sport of drag racing. Some 90 racing cars can be seen in the Drag Race building while a further 50 vehicles are in the Antique Car building. Many of the Garlits Swamp Rat cars are here but he also turns out to be a pack rat with an accumulation of cars and memorabilia from other top names in the sport.
 The Voplex building is a remarkable office building located in Perinton New York close to Interstate 490 approaching the city of Rochester New York from the east. The name is a local one not formally conferred on the building. Instead it refers to the fact that the building was designed for and initially occupied by Voplex Corporation a supplier of automotive custom plastic products such as interior trim.
 Restaurant De Wanne is a restaurant located in Ootmarsum Netherlands. It is part of Hotel De Wiemsel. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1988 and from 1992 to present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 12 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Wanne is Gerhard Müller. In 1981 head chef was Johan Neppelerbroek.Originally restaurant De Wanne was located at Stobbenkamp 2.
 The Thunder Lake Patrol Cabin is a small structure in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado. Built in 1930 the 12-foot (3.7 m) by 16-foot (4.9 m) cabin may have been built as a simple shelter but has more recently been used on an occasional basis as a backcountry patrol cabin in the Wild Basin area. The one story one-room log cabin is not used in the winter but does have a stove with a stone fireplace.
 The National Bighorn Sheep Interpretive Center is a 2775-square-foot (257.8 m2) Interpretive Center dedicated to public education about the biology and habitat of the Rocky Mountain Bighorn Sheep with specific focus on the currently largest herd of Rocky Mountain Bighorn sheep in the coterminous United States that winter in the Whisky Basin of Whisky Mountain adjacent to the Fitzpatrick Wilderness in the Shoshone National Forest.
 The Sauto Theater opened in 1863 in Matanzas Cuba and has since then been a proud symbol of the city. The U-shaped 775-seat theatre is almost entirely covered with wood-panelling. It has three balconies and its floor can be raised to convert the auditorium into a ballroom. The original theater curtain is a painting of the Puente de la Concordia over the Yumurí River. The lobby is graced by Carrara marble statues of Greek goddesses and the main hall ceiling bears paintings of the muses.
 Fort Jefferson was a fortification erected by soldiers of the United States Army during the Northwest Indian War. Built to support a military campaign it saw several years of active fighting. Today the fort site is a historic site.
 Lexington Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at Main and Nelson Streets in Lexington Virginia. It was designed by noted architect Thomas U. Walter in 1843 and completed in 1845. A rear addition was built in 1859; stucco added in the 1880s; the building was renovated and enlarged in 1899; and the Sunday School wing was added in 1906. It is a monumental T-shaped temple form stuccoed brick building in the Greek Revival style.
 The Spade Ranch Store or Morgan's Store is a general store in the small town of Ellsworth Nebraska providing supplies and services to area ranchers and passing motorists . Built in 1898 as a company store as well as the main offices for the expansive Spade Ranch the store was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Sheraton Hamilton built in 1985 is a 19-storey 76 metres (249 ft) 299 room hotel in downtown Hamilton Ontario Canada. Situated on King Street West East of Bay Street North the hotel is part of the Lloyd D. Jackson Square Mall complex.The hotel has 1200 square metres (13000 sq.
 The Chicago Burlington & Quincy Railroad Station is a site on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is located in Fulton County's largest city Canton. The Station joined the Register in 1993. It is one four Registered Historic Places in the city of Canton others include the Parlin Library and the Orendorf Site.The depot is no longer used for passenger railroad service.
 Chatsworth House is a stately home in Derbyshire England. It is in the Derbyshire Dales about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) north-east of Bakewell and 9 miles (14 km) west of Chesterfield (SK260700). It is the seat of the Duke of Devonshire and has been home to the Cavendish family since 1549.Standing on the east bank of the River Derwent Chatsworth looks across to the low hills that divide the Derwent and Wye valleys.
 Gloria Church (Portuguese: Nossa Senhora de Gloria) is one of the oldest Roman Catholic churches in Mumbai built by the Portuguese Franciscans in 1632. The church is situated in the Byculla area of Mumbai.
 Marlborough Apartments is an apartment building in Montreal Quebec Canada. Its address is 570 Milton Street in the McGill Ghetto neighbourhood. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada on November 16 1990.Built in 1900 it is four storeys tall and its facade is red brick.
 The Cathedral of the Good Shepherd (Basque: Artzain Onaren katedrala Spanish: Catedral del Buen Pastor de San Sebastián) located in the city of San Sebastián Gipuzkoa Basque Country Spain. It is the seat of the suffragan Diocese of San Sebastián and subordinated to the Archdiocese of Pamplona y Tudela. The most remarkable religious building of San Sebastián it is endowed with a strong verticality and is the largest in Gipuzkoa.
 Woodstock Academy Classroom Building is a historic school building on Academy Road in Woodstock Connecticut.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is currently part of the Woodstock Academy.
 Pendarvis is a historic site located in Mineral Point Iowa County Wisconsin United States. The site which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places is made up of several 19th century cabins built by Cornish immigrants who came to Mineral Point to mine lead. Today the site is owned by the Wisconsin Historical Society and serves as a museum of Wisconsin's early lead mining history.
 The Miller Hotel located at 197 W. Third St. in Long Pine Nebraska was built in 1895 as a single family house and was expanded into a hotel in 1914. As of 1989 when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places it was the only hotel building surviving in Long Pine out of 10 known to have existed.
 The McCall House in Fayetteville North Carolina also known as Arsenal House was built in 1862. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Codman Square District is a historic district at Norfolk Talbot Epping Lithgow Centre and Moultrie Streets in Boston Massachusetts. It encompasses the central area of the Codman Square neighborhood of Dorchester.The district was largely constructed in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Marlborough Brook Filter Beds are a series of water filtration beds near the mouth of Marlborough Brook where it enters Sudbury Reservoir near the town line between Marlborough and Southborough Massachusetts. The filter beds were constructed in 1895 as part of the reservoir construction to improve the water quality of Marlborough and Walker Brooks.
 The Smallpox Hospital sometimes referred to as the Renwick Smallpox Hospital and later the Maternity and Charity Hospital Training School is an abandoned hospital located on Roosevelt Island in Manhattan New York City. Originally designed by architect James Renwick Jr. the 100-bed hospital opened in 1856 when the area was known as Blackwell's Island.A century after it opened the hospital was closed and the building eventually fell into disrepair.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace — also known by its original French name Cathédrale de Notre Dame de la Paix its Portuguese variant Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Paz and its Hawaiian derivative Malia o ka Malu Hale Pule Nui — is the Mother Church of the Diocese of Honolulu and houses the cathedra of the Bishop of Honolulu in Honolulu Hawaiʻi.
 SouthBay Pavilion formerly Carson Mall is a partially enclosed shopping mall in Carson California. Opened in 1973 it features IKEA J. C. Penney Sears and Target as its anchor stores.
 St John's Church High Legh is in the village of High Legh Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Knutsford the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice was united with that of St Paul Over Tabley until 1 March 2011. Each parish now has its own benefice. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Goulburn Roundhouse was saved from demolition by the Goulburn Locomotive Roundhouse Preservation Society.The roundhouse is now run as Goulburn Rail Heritage Centre a museum open to the public with large collection of rolling stock and various exhibits as well as privately owned locomotives and carriages.
 Viborg Cathedral Our Lady Cathedral (Danish: Viborg Domkirke eller Vor Frue Domkirke) is the site of one of Denmark's most important historic churches located in the town of Viborg in northern Jutland. The modern building is a 19th-century construction based on Lund Cathedral in southern Sweden which bears no resemblance to the medieval cathedral that stood on the site since 1130.
 Marsh Barton Priory was a priory in Devon England.
 Astor Fur Warehouse built in 1828 in Prairie du Chien Wisconsin is the only known surviving fur trade warehouse in the upper Mississippi valley.Significant for its use by the American Fur Company it was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.It is located at Bolvin and Water Streets on St. Feriole Island.The building is now part of the Villa Louis museum and has been furnished to for a mid-19th century appearance. The building looks out upon the Mississippi River.
 The Grand Stable and Carriage Building is a building in downtown Portland Oregon United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 7 1982 . The building was built by Oregon business pioneer Simeon Gannett Reed in 1887. It features a classic Italianate cast iron facade.
 The William Dennis Weeks Memorial Library is a historic library building at 128 Main Street in Lancaster New Hampshire United States. The single story brick building was built in 1906 and enlarged in 1998. The original block measures 60 feet (18 m) by 40 feet (12 m) and is topped by a hipped roof which is pierced by a pair of chimneys.
 All Saints Anglican Church  also known as Erinview Church is an historicAnglican church building located west of Teulon in the Rural Municipality of Woodlands. Built in 1884 of logs and wood its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic style churches albeit a very plain example.
 Mildred B. Cooper Memorial Chapel is a chapel located in Bella Vista Arkansas designed by E. Fay Jones and constructed in 1988.
 Queen of the Valley Medical Center is a medical center located in Napa California operated by St. Joseph Health System. The hospital first opened its doors in 1958 when it replaced Parks Victory Memorial Hospital. It is a Level III adult trauma center.
 McConnell's Windmill also known as Morristown Windmill and Stone Windmill is a stone windmill in Morristown New York. It is the only windmill on the American side of the St. Lawrence Valley.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The St. Mary's Rectory at 429 Central Ave. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1893. It was designed and/or built by George Feick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 New York Marriott Marquis is a Marriott International hotel at 1535 Broadway opened in 1985 and was designed by architect John Portman. It is located on Times Square at Broadway and 45th Street. The hotel is famous for its high-tech elevators and atrium lobby rising 45 stories to The View New York's only rooftop revolving restaurant and lounge. With 1949 rooms and over 100000 sq ft (9300 m2) of meeting space it is one of the largest hotels in the city.
 Tauxemont Historic District is a national historic district located near Alexandria Fairfax County Virginia. It encompasses 71 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure in a World War II-era subdivision near Alexandria. It was developed in three sections between 1941 and 1955. The basic Tauxemont house is a cinder block one-story side-gable-roofed rectangular starter house. Included in the district are 10 Lustron houses.
 Bethabara Moravian Church is a congregation of the Jamaica Province of the Moravian Church. It opened for worship on 1841-07-28.
 The Puritan House is a historic hotel building at 3 Washington Street and 2 Main Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. It was the first brick building to be built in the city. It was built in 1810 form James Tappan a schoolteacher from New Hampshire who once had Daniel Webster as a student. Tappan operated Tappan's Hotel on the premises and it served as a major social center for the community.
 The Van Wouw Museum housed in Anton Van Wouw's last residence a Dutch national monument. Besides documents photos paintings and tools the exhibits are mainly bronze maquettes and casts of Van Wouw's sculptural work.
 Galeries de Granby is a regional shopping mall in Granby Quebec Canada. It opened in 1974 and was enlarged in 1980 and 2001. It has 96 stores and its floor area is 497652 sq ft (46233.4 m2).
 Hotel Adelaide is a historic hotel at 13–21 High Street in Brookline Massachusetts. It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is located within the Pill Hill neighborhood of Brookline.
 San Gottardo in Corte or San Gottardo a Palazzo is a church in Milan northern Italy.It was built as Ducal Chapel by Azzone Visconti in 1330 and finished in 1336 as indicated by an inscription on the walls. It was originally dedicated to the Blessed Virgin but Azzone who suffered from gout later changed the dedication to St. Gotthard of Hildesheim patron of gout sufferers.
 Kajang Hospital is a government-funded district hospital located in the eastern part of Kajang town in the district of Hulu Langat in Selangor Malaysia.
 The Wagner Noël Performing Arts Center (WNPAC) is a performing arts venue located between the cities of Midland Texas and Odessa Texas. WNPAC is owned by The University of Texas and is built on a satellite campus of The University of Texas of the Permian Basin (UTPB). It houses an 1800 seat main concert hall and a 200 seat recital hall and also houses the UTPB music department.
 Charles M. Salisbury House is a historic home located at Lacona in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1907 and is a 1 1⁄2-story clapboard residence with a square plan steeply pitched multi-gabled roof an asymmetrical facade and irregular fenestration. The facade features a large fixed-pane window with stained glass. Also on the property is a contemporary carriage house and a small residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Village at Corte Madera is an upscale shopping mall located in Corte Madera California. It is owned and managed by Macerich and is located on U.S. Route 101 at Paradise Drive. It is anchored by Macy's and Nordstrom.
 The Norlands (also known as the Israel Washburn Homestead) is a historic building on Norlands Road in Livermore Maine United States. It was owned by Israel Washburn and his descendants.The Gothic Revival-style house was built in 1821 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. The house is now operated as part of the Washburn-Norlands Living History Center a 19th-century period farm with living-history demonstrations.
 Old Manse is a historic building at Miami University (Oxford Ohio). Once nicknamed the “Coffee Mill House” Old Manse originally served as a residential estate and then as a manse for pastors. It later became a center for Presbyterian students and finally became Miami University property in 1973. It currently houses the Department of Religion.
 The Basilica of San Albino formerly known as San Albino Church of Mesilla is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces and is located in Mesilla New Mexico. It has the distinction of having originally been established in Mexico but it is now located in the United States as a result of a transfer of territory in the Gadsden Purchase. The first church on the site was built in 1852; the current structure was built in 1906 and is one of the oldest churches in the region.
 The Episcopal Church of the Advent-Guild Hall on 6th St. E. in Devil's Lake North Dakota was built in 1886. It has also been known as Stone Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.It was designed in the Second Late Gothic Revival style by North Dakota architect George Hancock. It was the first church built in Devils Lake arriving about when the railroad did.
 William P. Mason House is a historic house at 5 Mason Street in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1860 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 One Beacon Street is a modern skyscraper in the Government Center neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1972 and refurbished in 1991 it is Boston's 14th-tallest building standing 505 feet (154 m) tall and housing 37 floors. Its position near the top of Beacon Hill gives the building a commanding presence though it is located away from many other Boston skyscrapers.The tower houses a radio mast on the roof painted red and white.
 1812 N Moore is an office building under construction in Arlington Virginia developed by Monday Properties. It was topped out in March 2013 surpassing the nearby Rosslyn Twin Towers as the tallest building in the Washington Metropolitan Area.
 The Wilhelmsburg Castle in the city of Schmalkalden was a secondary residence of the Landgraves of Hesse. It is one of the most important Renaissance buildings in central Germany which has experienced no structural changes to this day and is preserved in almost its original condition.
 The Delaware Art Museum is an art museum located on the Kentmere Parkway in Wilmington Delaware which holds a collection of more than 12000 objects. The museum was founded in 1912 as the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts in honor of the artist Howard Pyle and is now celebrating its centennial.
 Beach Station a national historic district located near Chesterfield in Chesterfield County Virginia. The district includes six contributing buildings and one contributing site in the Village of Beach. They were all constructed about 1890 and are two single-family dwellings a post office a railway depot anoutbuilding two railroad shanties and the ruins of the former general store.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Solitude (Spanish: Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Soledad) is a Roman Catholic Basilica located in Oaxaca de Juárez Oaxaca Mexico. It was built between 1682 and 1690 and is a sanctuary dedicated to Our Lady of Solitude patron saint of Oaxaca. The architecture style is Baroque and was intentionally built with low spires and towers as to better resist earthquakes.
 Stevens High School also known as Girls High School and Stevens Elementary School is a historic high school building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban and built in 1904-1905. It is a three-story rectangular brick and brownstone building in the Second Renaissance Revival style. It has a slate covered mansard roof and terra cotta ornamentation. The building measures 176 feet wide and 74 feet deep.
 Inglewood also known as the Robert Gray House is a historic home located near Harrisonburg Rockingham County Virginia. It was built between 1849 and 1851 and is a two-story five-bay double pile brick Georgian style dwelling. It has a side gable roof and interior end chimneys. The house was restored in the 1940s.
 The Li Tien-lu Hand Puppet Historical Museum (Chinese: 李天祿布袋戲文物館; pinyin: Litiānlù Bùdài Xì Wénwùguǎn) is a museum in Sanzhi District New Taipei Taiwan.
 Værlandet Chapel (Norwegian: Værlandet bedehuskapell) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located on the island of Værlandet. The chapel is part of the Askvoll parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white brick chapel was built in 1960 by the architect Torgeir Alvsaker. The chapel was consecrated on 30 October of the same year by the Bishop Ragnvald Indrebø.
 Edwin Hawley Hewitt (born Red Wing Minnesota 1874) was a prominent local architect in Minneapolis Minnesota. He designed this house at the corner of Franklin Avenue and Stevens Avenue in 1906. The house is within the Stevens Square neighborhood. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Anchorage also known as the Farlie House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1930 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 The James W. Norman Gym is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida United States. The facility was designed by Rudolph Weaver and built in 1932. It is located on U.S. Route 441 near the southwest corner of Southwest 3rd Avenue and 12th Street in Gainesville.
 Charles Wesley's House (grid reference ST589736) is a restored historic building at 4 Charles Street Bristol England. From 1749 to 1778 it was the house of Charles Wesley hymn writer and co-founder of Methodism and his wife Sarah Wesley née Gwynne. It was Charles Wesley's main residence during 1756–71. It was the childhood home of his sons Charles Wesley junior and Samuel Wesley. They were musical child prodigies who both became renowned organists and composers.
 Point Salubrious Historic District is a national historic district located at Lyme near Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. The district includes 11 contributing buildings and four contributing structures. It includes a farmhouse a boarding house five seasonal bungalows five associated outbuildings (one non-contributing) one remnant shed and six pumphouse structures (two non-contributing).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Church of St Peter Carrigrohane County Cork Ireland is a Church of Ireland church built in 1854 and extended by William Burges in 1865-68.The church in a Gothic Revival style has a three-bay nave with a two-stage tower and gable-fronted porch. The chancel to the east side and later side aisle extension to the south were added by William Burges in 1865-68.
 The Charles Daniels House is a property in Chester Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Greek Revival building that was home for Charles Daniels who had a gimlet factory nearby. </blockquote>It was built c. 1830 and was moved about 300 feet in 1978 from near the factory.When listed the property included one contributing building and one non-contributing building on an area of 1 acre (0.40 ha).
 Temple Israel is a former synagogue in Lafayette Indiana United States. Its 1867 building is one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.The congregation which was formed in 1849 was the second Jewish congregation organized in Indiana. In 1874 it became a founding member of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations. The congregation moved to its third and present location on Cumberland Avenue in West Lafayette.
 The Tiled Kiosk (Turkish: Çinili Köşk) is a pavilion set within the outer walls of Topkapı Palace and dates from 1472 as shown on the tile inscript above the main entrance. It was built by the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II as a pleasure palace or kiosk. It is located in the most outer parts of the palace next to Gülhane Park. It was also called Glazed Kiosk (Sırça Köşk).
 Cooper House also known as Wilds House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1794 as a two-story three bay side hall plan stuccoed brick structure. A two-story rear wing was added in the latter half of the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Longue Vue House and Gardens also known as Longue Vue is a Classical Revival mansion and garden located at 7 Bamboo Road New Orleans Louisiana in the United States. It is open to the public Tuesdays to Sundays; an admission fee is charged.The former home of Edgar and Edith Stern (daughter of Julius Rosenwald) the current house is in fact the second. The original house and gardens began in 1924.
 Chrystal Water and Power Company-Spencer Water and Ice Company also known as Spencer Ice Plant is a historic power station and ice manufacturing plant located at Spencer Roane County West Virginia. It was built in 1903 and expanded in 1911. It is a one story brick industrial building in the Romanesque Revival style. The original section measures 82 feet deep and 42 feet wide. Also on the property is a maintenance shed dated to the 1930s.
 St Paul's on Symonds Street in Auckland New Zealand is a historic Anglican church near The University of Auckland and Auckland University of Technology with a creative vibrant and spirit-filled community.St Paul's is Auckland's oldest church. Occupying its third building it is known as the Mother Church of Auckland as the original St Paul's was the first church to be built in the city in the same year that the original town was established.
 The Château de Cabrerets is a castle in the commune of Cabrerets in the Lot département of France.It has been listed since 1996 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 This article refers to the mall in Evansville Indiana. For other malls of the same name see Eastland Mall (disambiguation).Eastland Mall is a regional shopping mall located on North Green River Road in Evansville Indiana. It is operated by the Macerich a group which owns and develops malls around the United States. The mall has 130 specialty stores three department stores and a food court with a variety of fast food eateries and a TGI Friday's restaurant.
 Meadowbrook Mall is a regional shopping mall in Bridgeport West Virginia. It was built in late 1982 by the Cafaro Company of Youngstown Ohio. The mall includes two Elder-Beerman department stores J.C. Penney Sears and Target Corporation. Former anchors include Murphy's Mart Stone & Thomas and Montgomery Ward. Marshalls was added in 2008.
 The Nevada–California–Oregon Railway Passenger Station (also known as the Lakeview Depot) is a historic train station in Lakeview Oregon United States. It was built in 1912 by contractor I. A. Underwood from plans by architect Frederic DeLongchamps. It was the northern terminus of the Nevada–California–Oregon Railway. The Southern Pacific Railroad company owned and operated the depot from 1928 until 1975 when it was closed.
 The Webster Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 40 Webster Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The brick 2.5 story building was built in 1893 to a design by the local architectural firm of Elbridge and Boyden. Its main facade is visually eclectic with yellow brick and terracotta elements brick pilasters topped with foliate decoration and an arched window surmounted by a tower with iron cresting.
 Al Rajhi Tower is a $500 million USD tower currently proposed for Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Designs for the sail-shaped tower have been drawn up by architects at Atkins. The tower is being built on behalf of the Al Rajhi family and will be used for commercial purposes.
 St. Therese Roman Catholic Church School and Rectory is a historic church at 1010 Schiller Avenue in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Louis C. Powledge Unit (B2 originally the Beto II Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) prison for men located in unincorporated Anderson County Texas. The approximately 20518-acre (8303 ha) unit co-located with the Beto Coffield and Michael prison units and the Gurney Unit transfer facility is along Farm to Market Road 3452. The facility is located off of Farm to Market Road 645 7 miles (11 km) west of Palestine.The unit opened in July 1982 as the Beto II Unit.
 The Ulster Museum located in the Botanic Gardens in Belfast has around 8000 square metres of public display space featuring material from the collections of fine art and applied art archaeology ethnography treasures from the Spanish Armada local history numismatics industrial archaeology botany zoology and geology.
 Poughkeepsie City Hall was a historic city hall located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1831 and was a two story red brick building with a basement and attic in the Greek Revival style. It had a gable roof with a rooftop belfry with square columns spindle balustrade and slate covered hipped roof. It was demolished to make way for parking lot for new city hallIt was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Williamson Historic District is a historic district in Williamson West Virginia that roughly is bounded by the Norfolk and Western Railroad tracks Pritchard Poplar Park Mulberry and Elm Streets.
 The Colonel Roger Brown House is an historic house at 1694 Main Street in Concord Massachusetts.
 St. Mary's on the Flats originally known as the Church of Our Lady of the Lake was the first Catholic church building in Cleveland Ohio. The location where the church once stood can be found in an 1881 atlas at the south-east corner of Columbus Ave. and then Girard Ave. on the east bank of the Cuyahoga river in the flats. Irishtown Bend Archeological District where many of the parishioners lived lies to the west across the Cuyahoga river in what was Ohio City.
 The Old Chicago Water Tower District is a historic district along the Magnificent Mile shopping district in the Near North Side community area of Chicago Illinois. The district is located on both sides of North Michigan Avenue between East Chicago and East Pearson Streets. It includes the Chicago Water Tower Chicago Avenue Pumping Station and Chicago Fire Department Fire Station No. 98.
 The Kahala Hotel & Resort is a hotel complex in Oahu Hawaii. It was founded in 1964 and was the most expensive hotel in the world at the time. The original name of the hotel was the Kahala Hilton in 1993 the hotel took the name Kahala Mandarin and the facility took its current name in 2006. Since the hotel opened every sitting President of the United States has stayed at or visited the hotel at some point during their election campaigns or presidencies.
 St. Michael the Archangel is a Roman Catholic church located at 3114 Scranton Road in the Clark-Fulton neighborhood on the west side of Cleveland Ohio. The church is named in honor of St. Michael the Archangel and was completed in 1892.The congregation was founded in 1881 as a mission of Ohio City Cleveland's St. Mary's On-The-Flats to serve a growing German immigrant population on Cleveland's west side.
 The James Riley Josselyn House is a historic home in Eastlake Weir Florida United States. It is located at 13845 Alternate US 27. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The David Keith Mansion and Carriage House at 529 E. South Temple St. in Salt Lake City Utah United States was built during 1898-1900. It was designed by architect Frederick Albert Hale. Keith lived in the home until 1916 when it was sold and died in 1918. Among other activities Keith financed and published The Salt Lake Tribune.The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 All Saints is a parish church in West Farleigh Kent. It was begun in the 11th century and is a Grade I listed building.
 The Pond Creek Station located east of Wallace Kansas on U.S. 40 in Wallace County Kansas is a two-story frame building that was a stagecoach station built 1865. It is believed to be the oldest manmade structure in northwest Kansas and to be the only Butterfield Overland Dispatch stage company building surviving in Kansas.
 The East Dubuque School also known as the Bell Tower Retirement Community is a historic Romanesque Revival school building in the Mississippi River city of East Dubuque Illinois USA. It was constructed in two sections one in 1893 the other in 1914 and designed by local architect Thomas Carkeek. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 First Methodist Church is a historic church at 410 E. University in Georgetown Texas.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in Texas.
 A. W. Buck House is a historic home located at Ebensburg Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a high style Queen Anne style dwelling. A two-story wing with end tower was built in 1903. It is a 2 1/2-story three-bay brick building. It features an eight sided three-story tower and a wrap-around porch. It was originally built as a private residence. In 1923 it was purchased by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown as a convent for the Sisters of St.
 The Harrington Meeting House is a historic colonial meeting house in Bristol Maine. It contains a small museum of old photographs clothing and books. The adjoining cemetery has gravestones of historical interest.When Bristol was settled the land area was larger than today and the distance required to travel to the meeting house was such that three meeting houses were built to serve the Presbyterian population the others being at Broad Cove (destroyed) and the Walpole Meetinghouse.
 Hall Morgan Post 83 American Legion Hut in Rison Arkansas also known as Rison American Legion Hut was built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 and delisted in 2013.
 The Terminal Station in Hutchinson Kansas is a Prairie School style building from 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Tomb of Darius I (Darius the Great) is one of the four tombs of Achaemenid kings at the historical site of Naqsh-e Rustam located about 12 km northwest of Persepolis Iran. They are all at a considerable height above the ground. One of the tombs is explicitly identified by an accompanying inscription to be the tomb of Darius I (c. 522–486 BC). The other three tombs are believed to be those of Xerxes I (c. 486–465 BC) Artaxerxes I (c. 465–424 BC) and Darius II (c. 423–404 BC).
 Dalton House was a historic home located at Dalton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1810 and was a two-story frame dwelling. It featured a two-story full-length front porch with Stick/Eastlake style ornamentation.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 2002 after being demolished in 1999.
 The U.S. Courthouse and Post Office in Huntsville Alabama was built in 1932. It reflects Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Merrit Fry Farm is a farm located in Jerome Idaho United States. It includes building(s) built by stonemason H.T. Pugh. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983; the listing included three contributing buildings on 2.5 acres (1.0 ha).
 Merrehope a 26-room Victorian mansion that currently serves as a historic house museum was originally built in 1858 by Richard McLemore for his daughter Juriah Jackson. After changing ownership several times with small alterations from each owner the house was eventually bought by S.H. Floyd in 1904 who remodelled it into its present appearance.
 The Château de Hohenbourg is a ruined castle in the commune of Wingen in the Bas-Rhin département of France. The Château de Hohenbourg has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Chautauqua Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Lakewood New York. Opened in 1971 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Sears The Bon-Ton and OfficeMax. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Edward Yeomans House is located in Groton Connecticut. The house was built in 1713 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1978.
 Fashion Mall was a three-level shopping mall in Plantation Florida a suburb of Fort Lauderdale. The mall closed in December 2006 following hurricane damage. The new owner is transforming the property into a dynamic mixed-use lifestyle destination known as 321 North.
 Piney Grove is a historic home located at Holdcroft Charles City County Virginia. The original section was built about 1800 as a 20 feet by 22 feet one-story log corn crib. It was expanded to a 1 1/2-story log store about 1820. In 1853 two additions were built and in the early 20th century the two-story block was created which incorporated the two rooms of the 1853 addition.
 The Faulkner House is the oldest pre-Revolutionary era structure still standing in Acton Massachusetts. The Faulkner House was purchased in 1964 by 'Iron Work Farm in Acton Inc.' a Massachusetts non-profit corporation with a charter to acquire and preserve the tangible landmarks of the area historically known as Iron Work Farm now part of Acton. The Faulkner House is now being preserved under its stewardship.
 The Landrum's Hamburger System No. 1 at 1300 S. Virginia St. in Reno Nevada was built in 1947. It is a Moderne style building that has also been known as Chili Cheez Cafe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Rockford Morning Star Building located at 127 N. Wyman St. in Rockford Illinois is a historic building originally used by the Rockford Morning Star.
 The Virginia Washington Monument is an equestrian statue located adjacent to the Virginia State Capitol in Capitol Square in the city of Richmond Virginia. In 1858 it became the second equestrian statue of George Washington to be unveiled in the United States (following the one in Union Square New York City unveiled in 1856). It is the terminus for Grace Street.The cornerstone of the monument was laid in 1850.
 Greenbelt Knoll is a residential development in the Northeast section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Planned and built from 1952 to 1957 it is notable as the first planned racially integrated development in Philadelphia and among the first in the United States.The developer Morris Milgram a leader of the open housing movement required that 55 percent of the homes be sold to whites and 45 percent to non-whites. The first house sold in 1956 for $20000.
 John Mathias House also known as the Mathias Homestead is a historic home located at Mathias Hardy County West Virginia. It consists of two sections one built about 1797 and the second about 1825. The two hewn-log sections are joined by a frame dog trot or what has been referred to locally as the entry. The older section is two stories with a double porch and lightly taller than the newer section.
 Château de Candale is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to end of the 16th century.
 Howard High School of Technology is a vocational-technical high school in Wilmington Delaware and is the oldest of four high schools within the New Castle County Vocational-Technical School District which includes Delcastle Technical High School in Newport Hodgson Vo-Tech High School in Glasgow and St. Georges Technical High School in St. Georges.
 Ganoung Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was constructed in the 1830s and is a vernacular two story five bay cobblestone structure built in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. It features irregularly shaped variously sized and colored cobbles in its construction. Also on the property is a 19th-century carriage barn small shed and a well with pump.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Washburn Park Water Tower poses as a landmark of early 20th-Century architectural achievement within the Tangletown neighborhood in south Minneapolis Minnesota and has been doing so for nearly 75 years.
 Col. Jonathan Tyng House built in 1675 was a historic colonial house in Tyngsborough Massachusetts. It was demolished sometime after its 1977 addition to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Barasoain Church (also known as Our Lady of Mt. Carmel Parish) is a Roman Catholic church built in 1630 in Malolos City Bulacan. Having earned the title as the Cradle of Democracy in the East the most important religious building in the Philippines and the site of the First Philippine Republic the church is proverbial for its historical importance among Filipinos.Founded by Augustinian Missionaries in 1859 the church is also renowned for its architectural design and internal adornments.
 The Kirya Tower (also known as the HaYovel Tower) is a skyscraper in Tel Aviv Israel. At 158 m (42 floors) it is the sixth tallest building in Israel. Construction was completed in 2005 on land previously belonging to the IDF HaKirya base. The tower is located opposite Tel Aviv's tallest buildings the Azrieli Center complex and is occupied largely by government offices.
 Sørvær Chapel (Norwegian: Sørvær kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørvær. The chapel is part of the Hasvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white church made from wood and stone was built in 1968. The church seats about 100 people.
 The Hilton Amsterdam is a five star hotel in Apollobuurt Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It is located at Apollolaan 138 along the Noorder Amstelkanaal a canal connected to the Amstel river. The hotel opened officially in 1962 and is a branch of the Hilton Hotels chain. It is famous for John Lennon and Yoko Ono's Bed-In for peace which was staged in 1969 to protest the Vietnam War and other conflict.
 The Peninsula at St. Johns Center is a condominium in Jacksonville Florida USA. It is the fourth tallest tower in Jacksonville at 437 feet. Groundbreaking was in 2006 and was completed in 2008. The Peninsula is located at 1431 Riverplace Boulevard.
 Tyn Head Court also known as Wethered Court is a historic home located at Dover Kent County Delaware. It dates to about 1740 and is a two-story three bay stuccoed brick dwelling with a gambrel roof. The roof has three shed-roofed dormers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Baldwin-Chandlee Supply Company-Valley Supply Company is a historic commercial building located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It is a two-story twelve bay brick building in three sections. The first section was built in 1905; the second and center section was built in 1923; the third section was built about 1947.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Illinois Central Railroad Water Tower and Pump House are a water tower and pump house in Kinmundy Illinois which served the Illinois Central Railroad. The Illinois Central first built a line through Kinmundy in 1856. As steam engines could only carry a limited water supply at the time the railroad was dependent on local sources of water near the towns it stopped at.
 The Menara Telekom is a skyscraper in Malaysia. It is 310 m (1017 ft) tall has 55 floors and is shaped to represent a sprouting bamboo shoot. It is located along the Federal Highway Sprint Expressway and Jalan Pantai Baharu and is served by the Rapid KL Kerinchi LRT station. It was designed by Hijjas Kasturi Associates and was constructed between 1998 and 2001 by PECD Berhad.
 Beth Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 385 Pottstown Pike (Route 100) in Upper Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was founded in Coatesville Pennsylvania in 1904 as Kesher Israel by Eastern European immigrants and formally chartered as Beth Israel in 1916. It constructed its first building in 1923 and expanded it after World War II.In 1979 Beth Israel became the first Conservative congregation to hire a woman (Linda Joy Holtzman) as a rabbi.
 St Katarina Church is a Roman Catholic church in Nijemci Croatia. The Catholic parish in Nijemci was mentioned for the first time in the 13th century. In 1332 it was a seat of one of the largest parishes in the Western Sirmium. The St Katarina Church was built in 1729 and has been refurbished several times since then.
 Brick Tavern Stand also known as Clawson House is a historic inn and tavern located at Montour Falls in Schuyler County New York. It was built in 1828 and is a two story five bay Federal style brick structure featuring a recessed entrance. Built originally as a tavern on the stagecoach lines of the Finger Lakes Region it was later modified for use as Bethesda Sanitarium and operated by Dr. Charles Deland Clawson.
 Over United Reformed Church is in Swanlow Lane Over Winsford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and continues to be an active congregation within the United Reformed Church.The church is built in polychromatic brick with a slate roof and red sandstone dressings. It was originally built as a Congregational chapel and was the second church to be designed by John Douglas.
 Loudville Church is a historic church in Loudville Maine.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Dizengoff Center (Hebrew: דיזנגוף סנטר‎) is a shopping mall at the intersection of Dizengoff Street and King George Street in Tel Aviv. The mall is named for Meir Dizengoff the first mayor of Tel Aviv.
 Trillium Health Centre is a hospital serving the residents of central and south Mississauga and south Etobicoke (now the western part of the City of Toronto) in Ontario Canada and has campuses located in Mississauga and Etobicoke/West Toronto. It was formed with the amalgamation of the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway General Hospital in April 1998. Trillium Health Centre merged with the Credit Valley Hospital on December 1 2011 to form Trillium Health Partners.
 Trump Tower Manila is a residential building located in Makati Philippines. The Trump Tower Manila showroom was scheduled to open in early 2012 although the company has said that unit reservations started in September 2011.
 The House at 23 East Street in Methuen Massachusetts is a well preserved Greek Revival cottage. Built in c. 1840 it is a 1.5 story three bay wood frame structure with a side hall entry. Houses similar to this were generally occupied by craftsmen such as boot- shoe- and hatmakers. Before large-scale industrialization they were scattered throughout the town.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Babylon Bend Bridge is one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places and still standing. This bridge was built in 1890 over Spoon River and is located along Illinois Route 123 near Ellisville. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1980 along with the eight other bridges as one of the Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County.
 Champasak Palace in Pakse Laos was a former residence of the Prince of Champasak Chao Boun Oum. It was built for Prince Boun Oum as a residence but he had to abandon it in 1974 before it was finished as the Royal Lao government was overthrown by the communist Pathet Lao. After the revolution the building was completed and served as a venue for the Communist party congresses and accommodation for visiting dignitaries.
 Wadham's Oil and Grease Company of Milwaukee was a chain of filling and service stations based in Milwaukee Wisconsin in the early 20th century. Their refinery was in Indiana. The company was headed by Harger W. Dodge who assumed leadership from his father-in-law in 1916. He saw the potential in offering a convenient way for automobile owners to fill their cars with gasoline.
 The Dr. George McLelland Middleton House and Garage is located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States. The Classical Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville also known as MOCA Jacksonville is a contemporary art museum in Jacksonville Florida funded and operated as a cultural resource of the University of North Florida. One of the largest contemporary art institutions in the Southeastern United States it presents exhibitions by international national and regional artists.
 Two Embarcadero Center is an office skyscraper located off The Embarcadero in the financial district of San Francisco California. The 126 m (413 ft) 30 story tower completed in 1974 is part of the Embarcadero Center a complex of seven towers of which two are hotels. Twin-tower Three Embarcadero Center is the same height but has one additional floor.
 The Whitcomb Warehouse is a historic warehouse at 32-34 Hampden Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It is one of the most intact late 19th century industrial buildings in Springfield. The four story brick building was built in 1896 and features windows with segmented arches and a patterned brick cornice. It was first associated with the Springfield Cigar Manufacturing Company and later sold to Colby Manufacturing a maker of rulers.
 Laurel Mall is a shopping mall which opened in 1972 just NW of Hazleton Pennsylvania. It features three anchor stores as well as a 10-theater Regal Cinemas Old Navy and Aldi. In July 2005 the mall was sold by PREIT to Laurel Mall LLC for $33.5 million including assumed debt of $22.6 million. In August 2008 radio station WBHT sponsored a performance by the boy band Menudo at Laurel Mall.
 'Sambil Paraguaná Ciudad Turistica' is a shopping mall and an urban development in Paraguaná. It contains a hotel a movie theatre and a supermarket. The mall has helped bring a lot of tourism to Paraguaná and attracts many tourists from all around Venezuela and even some international travelers. It contains international shops and a center of fine dining. It has also won a global award for its unique architecture and design. The mall is also known for its safety.
 The Milwaukee Road Bunkhouse was built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as the Milwaukee Road) in 1909 to house train crews between shifts. The bunkhouse served the crews at the rail yard and division point at South Cle Elum Washington.
 Riga Motor Museum (Latvian: Rīgas motormuzejs) is the biggest antique vehicle museum in the Baltic countries. The museum is a state agency operating under the Transport Ministry. Since 1992 the museum is a member of International Association of Transport and Communication Museums (IATM–ICOM) since 1994 a member of Latvian Museum Association since 2002 – a member of Latvian Transport Development and Education Association.
 St. John's Presbyterian Church is a historic building in Berkeley California designed by architect Julia Morgan. The wooden building at 2640 College Avenue is built in the American Craftsman style with an exterior wood-shingle finish known as Berkeley Brown Shingle. The church building was desanctified and sold when the congregation moved to a new building in 1974. It now houses the Berkeley Playhouse. The structure is #8 on the city of Berkeley's list of historic landmarks.
 The Ibrahim Mosque is a mosque in Yau Ma Tei Hong Kong China. It is the sixth and latest mosque built in Hong Kong. The mosque is managed by the United Welfare Union Hong Kong Limited.
 St John the Evangelist's Church is a Church of England (Anglican) church in Cambridge located on the junction of Hills Road and Blinco Grove. It is a parish-focused church with a style of worship that is open to people from a wide variety of traditions.The present vicar is Canon Susan Wyatt previously of Over and Longstanton (Cambridgeshire).
 King George Hospital is an NHS hospital in Barley Lane Goodmayes in the London Borough of Redbridge. The nearest rail stations are Goodmayes (Greater Anglia) and Newbury Park Underground station (Central Line).
 The Benjamin Haines House also known as the Haines Farmstead and the Haddon-Scott House is one of the oldest buildings in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York United States. It is located at 114 Coleman Road southeast of the village of Walden.Built by Haines around 1750 the house later passed into the ownership of the Haddon and then Scott families. Members of the latter owned it until 1994. Improvements and renovations in the early 19th century gave it a Greek Revival look.
 The Oaks also known as the Cooler House is a historic plantation home located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story vernacular frame I-House. Edward L. Pierce chose The Oaks as his headquarters during the military occupation of St. Helena during the American Civil War. The Oaks was the center for military and agricultural activities on the island.
 Trælnes Chapel (Norwegian: Trælnes kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Trælnes. The church is part of the Brønnøy parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was constructed in 1980.
 Gold Souk Grandé is a shopping mall in the city of Chennai. Project was unveiled on April 2009 by actress Shobana. It is located next to Crescent Engineering College in Chennai and will be operational by first quarter of 2015. Spread in the total built up area of 800000 sq.
 Grace Cottage Hospital is a small Critical Access Hospital (CAH) located in Townshend Vermont. It is best known for being the smallest hospital in Vermont with only 19 beds and 160 employees. It includes a rural health clinic with eight family practice doctors a pediatrician a psychiatrist a chiropractor and other medical professionals. The hospital also operates a retail pharmacy Messenger Valley Pharmacy.
 The American General Center is a complex of several office buildings in Neartown Houston Texas located along Allen Parkway. It is owned by AIG American General.The America Tower the tallest building is a 590 ft (180m) tall skyscraper. It was completed in 1983 and has 42 floors. It is the 19th tallest building in the city. It serves as the headquarters of Baker Hughes. It served as the former headquarters of Continental Airlines; it now houses AIG American General.
 The Ralph W. Shattuck House is a historic house at 274–276 Broadway in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame double house was built c. 1875 and is one of the best-preserved Italianate houses in the town. It was owned by Ralph W. Shattuck proprietor of Shattuck Hardware one Arlington's longest-running businesses.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Thomas Downs House is located just east of Charlestown Indiana's town square. It was built in 1809. It made the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Thomas Downs was a politician from Charlestown that was Clark County's first county treasurer. He would later serve as an Indiana Territory legislator.It is owned by the Clark's Grant Historical Society who has a museum there but offers tours by reservation only.
 The Charles D. McLaughlin House is located at 507 South 38th Street in the Gold Coast Historic District of Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Designed in the Colonial Revival Style by noted Omaha architect John McDonald it was built in 1905. The City of Omaha designated it an Omaha Landmark on March 16 1982 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in November of that same year.
 Indian Henry's Patrol Cabin is an early National Park Service patrol cabin in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin was built in 1915-1916 at an elevation of 5300 feet (1600 m) in an area of the park known as Indian Henry's Hunting Ground which had been used in the 19th century by the Cowlitz and Nisqually tribes. Indian Henry was an Indian guide who accompanied James Longmire in his explorations of the area.
 The Republic of China Air Force Museum (Chinese: 空軍軍史館; pinyin: Kōngjūn Jūnshǐguǎn) is an air force open air museum in Gangshan Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 Decatur House is a historic home in Washington D.C. named after its first owner and occupant Stephen Decatur. The house (built 1818) is located northwest of Lafayette Square at the southwest corner of Jackson Place and H Street near the White House. A museum it now serves as the National Center for White House History of the White House Historical Association.
 The Knights of Pythias Building in Phoenix Arizona was built in 1928. It has served as a clubhouse and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Roslyn East Gate Toll House is located within the Roslyn Cemetery on Route 25A (Northern Boulevard) in Greenvale in the Town of North Hempstead Nassau County New York It was built in 1864 and is the last remaining toll house for the North Hempstead Turnpike.
 The Olympic Tower originally known as the United Shopping Tower then the Northwestern Mutual Insurance Building and later the Olympic Savings Tower is a historic 12-story office tower located in Seattle Washington and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built in 1929 at the Southwest corner of Third Avenue and Pine Street for the United Pacific Corporation under the control of Seattle investment firm Drumheller Ehrlichman and White.
 TWELVE Centennial Park is a mixed-use complex located in Downtown Atlanta. The project plans consist of two residential highrise towers of 39 stories each and one mid-rise hotel. The combined residential towers would contain 1024 condominium units while the hotel consists of 102 rooms. There is 20000 sq ft (2000 m2) of retail space and 5000 sq ft (500 m2) of restaurant space. Due to the Great Recession only one of the two residential towers was completed in 2007.
 Madison Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. The building rises 599 feet (182 m) in the Chicago Loop. It contains 45 floors and was completed in 1982. Madison Plaza currently stands as the 36th-tallest building in the city.
 Christ Church Weston Point a former parish church is a redundant church in Weston Point Runcorn Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The H. Alden Smith House is a historic Richardsonian Romanesque house just west of downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. It was designed in 1887 by noted local architect William Channing Whitney. Its owner was a wealthy businessman a partner in Smith and Wyman Sash and Door Company. It was once part of a group of other mansions on Harmon Place but the area is now primarily home to apartments warehouses and Metropolitan State University.
 Dorchester Temple Baptist Church is a historic African American Baptist church at 670 Washington Street in Boston Massachusetts. It is now known as Global Ministry Christian Church.The church was designed in 1889 by Arthur H. Vinal in the shingle style and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.January 2010 the church started media ministry reaching all of North America. Ministry name is Boston Praise Radio it is available online and via Glorystar Satellite service on channel 1010
 The Cathedral Basilica of St. James is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Brooklyn. It is located at the corner of Jay Street and Cathedral Place in Downtown Brooklyn New York City. It was built in 1903 and designed by George H. Streeton in the Neo-Georgian style.The first church built on this site in 1822-1823 became the cathedral of Brooklyn in 1853.
 The Cairo Marriott Hotel is a large hotel located in the Zamalek district on Gezira Island situated on the Nile and just west of Downtown Cairo Egypt. The central section was once the Gezirah Palace built for the Khedive Isma'il Pasha in 1869. The Palace and site was converted to a hotel by Marriott International into a modern hotel. The Cairo Marriott Hotel is one of the tallest buildings in Cairo.
 Town of Bath Historic District is a national historic district located at Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. The district encompasses 218 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites 6 contributing structures and 1 contributing object.
 Glenfields the former Archibald Gracie King House is located on Old Manitou Road a short distance from NY 9D south of Garrison in the Town of Philipstown New York United States. It is a simple late 19th-century frame house with some unusual windows.King was a descendant of Rufus King and other early New York power brokers who had married a descendant of the area's pre-Revolutionary landowners.
 The Everett Building at 200 Park Avenue South at East 17th Street on Union Square in Manhattan New York City was designed by the architectural firm of Starrett & van Vleck and opened in 1908. Goldwin Starrett the lead architect had worked for Daniel Burnham for four years in Chicago and the building reflects Burnham's functionalist philosophy.
 The Albion Methodist Church at 102 North St. in Albion Idaho was built in 1887. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It has also been known as Albion Grange Hall.
 The Dr. John and Viola Phillips House and Office at S. 337 Spokane Ave. in Newport Washington is a historic house built in 1914. It includes Bungalow/craftsman architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.It was deemed significant for association with pioneer-era physician Dr. John Phillips andwife Viola a registered nurse who together served Newport from an office portion of this house and also for its architecture.
 57357 Hospital located in Cairo Egypt is one of the biggest hospitals specialized in children's cancer in the world. Fundraising for the hospital including well-attended benefit festivals started in 1998 with a target date for opening of December 2003. It eventually opened in 2007.The number 57357 was the bank account number which would accept donations from the public to build the hospital.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is an historic church building located in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1977.
 St. Hedwig's Cathedral (German: Sankt-Hedwigs-Kathedrale) is a Roman Catholic cathedral on the Bebelplatz in Berlin Germany. It is the seat of the archbishop of Berlin.It was built in the 18th century as the first Catholic church in Prussia after the Protestant Reformation by permission of King Frederick II. The intention of Frederick was to offer the numerous Catholic immigrants that had arrived in Berlin especially those from Upper Silesia a place of worship.
 Founded in 1910 the Forest Theater in Carmel-by-the-Sea California was one of the earliest outdoor amphitheatres west of the Rockies. Actor/director Herbert Heron is generally cited as the founder and driving force and poet/novelist Mary Austin is often credited with suggesting the idea. Numerous groups presented plays and pageants.
 Ford House is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built about 1868 and is a 1 1/2 story L shaped Gothic Revival style cottage. It features a steeply pitched gable roof a Gothic arched window in the center gable and lattice work in lieu of bargeboard on the front porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum located in Warner Alberta Canada is a key historic site in southern Alberta. In 1997 ten fossilized dinosaur eggs believed to have come from a Hadrosaur specifically a Hypacrosaurus were found at Devil's Coulee site. ref> </ref> These were not the first fossils to be found in what was often called the Fossil Coulee region of the province and as a result the town of Warner established the museum to help interpret the story.
 Thompson Street School is a historic school at 58 Crapo Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The school was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 Belmont Avenue Bridge in Philadelphia is a historic stone arch bridge located in Fairmount Park Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1896 and is a single-span bridge. The arch measures 29-foot-wide (8.8 m).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Ronald O. Perelman Heart Institute is a medical town square dedicated to the treatment of heart disease patients in New York City. Ronald O. Perelman chairman of MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. made a $50 million (philanthropic) gift to the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center on February 28 2009 to establish the institute in support of health care in New York City and around the world.
 Fifth Regiment Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an imposing fortress-type structure situated in midtown Baltimore. It consists of a full basement a first floor containing a 200 foot by 300 foot drill hall a mezzanine or balcony level and a newer second level (reconstructed in 1933 after a fire) housing the trussed steel drill hall roof.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis located in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States. It was built on the east bank of the Mississippi River in today's Nicollet Island/East Bank neighborhood; it is the oldest continuously used church building in the city and is part of the St. Anthony Falls Historic District.
 ITC Sheraton Park Hotel & Towers is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. Located on TTK Road it was one of the hotels managed by ITC Hotels Limited.
 The Edmund Ruffin Plantation also known as Marlbourne was built in 1823 and purchased by Ruffin in 1843. It was the home of Edmund Ruffin a pioneer in agricultural improvements and publisher of an agricultural journal named the Farmer's Register and later a secessionist fire-eater who fired one of the first shots at Fort Sumter in 1861.
 Samuel H. Shapiro Developmental Center formerly named the Kankakee State Hospital is a developmental center located in Kankakee Illinois on the banks of the Kankakee River.
 Château de la Roche is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Ladew Topiary Gardens (22 acres (8.9 ha)) are nonprofit gardens with topiary located in Monkton Maryland. The gardens were established in the 1930s by socialite and huntsman Harvey S. Ladew (1887–1976) who in 1929 had bought a 250-acre (100 ha) farm to build his estate. The house and gardens are open April through October weekdays and weekends; an admission fee is charged.
 The William Hood House was built in 1858 by William Hood. It is California Historical Landmark number is 692. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 6 1998.The house was built from bricks that were made on the property.
 The Coronado Apartments are an apartment building located on 3751-73 Second Avenue (on the corner of Second and Selden) in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Pat's Hubba Hubba is a late-night greasy spoon chili restaurant located at 24 North Main Street in the village of Port Chester in Westchester County New York. Near the New York and Connecticut border Hubba's caters to the local bar scene by staying open until 5:00am on the weekends and at least 3:00am on weeknights.
 The Lydia Pinkham House was the Lynn Massachusetts home of Lydia Pinkham a leading manufacturer and marketer of patent medicines in the late 19th century. It is in this house that she developed Lydia Pinkham's Vegetable Compound an application claimed to provide relief for female complaints.
 The World Trade Center Mexico City is a building complex located in south-central Mexico City Mexico. Its most famous and recognizable feature is the 52-story 207 m (670 ft) high Torre WTC the third tallest building in Mexico City (including antenna) or fourth when measured by its 191 m (587 ft) roof height. When talking about the World Trade Center México one usually is referring to the uniquely shaped tower.
 Pinebank Mansion was a Queen Anne-style house sited on a hill overlooking Jamaica Pond in Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1868 by John Hubbard Sturgis it was the only mansion retained by Frederick Law Olmsted in his plans the Emerald Necklace park system. It was the only original structure remaining in the park systemat the time of its demolition in 2007.
 The Museum of Sacred Magical and Medicinal Plants is a privately owned museum located in Cusco Peru. The Museum was established in 2011 as a non-profit organization.
 The S. Dillon Ripley Center better known simply as the Ripley Center is one of the buildings of the Smithsonian Institution series of museums located in the National Mall in Washington D.C. The above-ground portion is only a small pagoda and it descends into a larger underground portion. The Ripley Center houses the International Gallery The Smithsonian Associates and the offices of the Smithsonian Contributing Membership.
 927 Fifth Avenue is an upscale residential apartment building in Manhattan New York City. It is located on Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 74th Street opposite the Model Sailboat Pond in Central Park. The limestone-clad building was designed by Warren & Wetmore also known for the Grand Central Terminal and completed in 1917 in the Renaissance Revival style.The building is incorporated as a housing cooperative. It has 12 apartments on 12 floors.
 The House at 36 Columbia Drive is a historic home in Tampa Florida at 36 Columbia Drive on Davis Islands. It was built by Herbert Draper a successful realtor during the Florida land boom in 1926 and is an L-shaped hacienda with a three-story open campanile and transom windows. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The James Weldon House is an unaltered example of Gothic vernacular architecture.
 US Post Office-Warsaw is a historic post office building located at Warsaw in Wyoming County New York. It was designed and built in 1934-1935 as a Works Progress Administration project and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon.
 US Post Office-Hanover is a historic post office building located at Hanover York County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Office of the Supervising Architect James Knox Taylor in 1910 and built between 1911 and 1913. It is a sandstone building in the Renaissance Revival style. It consists of a five bay by two bay front section with a low hipped roof and a four bay rear extension. The front facade features a trio of arches flanked by rectangular windows at either end.
 Deans Court is a student hall of residence at the University of St Andrews and arguably the oldest dwelling house in the city of St Andrews Scotland. It stands at the east-end of St Andrews where North street and South street converge. The entrance of the courtyard opens up to the ancient ruined St Andrews cathedral. The Hall is open exclusively to postgraduates and comprises the main building and four annexes two on North Street two on South Street.
 The Portrait Gallery of Canada (French: Le Musée du portrait du Canada) is a Canadian art collection specialising in portraiture. It was established on 23 January 2001 by the Government of Canada as a program of Library and Archives Canada. Since the nineteenth century the Library has gathered an extensive collection of paintings and portraits almost all of which are in storage in its archives in Gatineau Quebec.
 Dr. Chester Hunt Office is an historic building in Windham Center Road in the village of Windham Center in Windham Connecticut.The building was constructed in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1970.
 Neuberger Museum of Art is located in Purchase New York US. It is affiliated with Purchase College part of the State University of New York system. It is the nation's tenth largest university museum.
 The National Exchange Hotel (also known as the National Hotel) listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a California Historical Landmark is one of the oldest continuously operated hotels west of the Rockies. It opened in August 1856 under the name of Bicknell Block.In 1863 there was a fire and the hotel was shut down for a temporary period of time. By 1894 a new balcony had been added to the hotel (pictured).
 For other places of worship named Advent see Church of the Advent (disambiguation).The Cathedral Church of the Advent in Birmingham Alabama is the mother church of the Episcopal Diocese of Alabama. On March 30 1983 the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Episcopal Church of the Advent.
 The Sauer Castle was the residence of Anton Sauer. Sauer had married his wife Francesca in Vienna Austria at age eighteen and a half. There they had their five children: Gustave O.L. Anthony Philip Jr. Julius J. Emil and Johanna.In 1858 they decided to move to New York City to be with Anton's mother and sisters that had already been there for some time.
 The Robert M. Stark House is a historic house at 176 Main Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story house was designed by local architect George Strout and built in 1890 for Robert Stark a lawyer and local politician. At the time the east side of Main Street had become a fashionable address for the upper middle class.
 Park Place was a proposed shopping centre which had been expected to open in Croydon London by 2011. The date was continuously pushed back due to a number of problems between different developers financial backers and the local council. It has now been cancelled as other schemes begin progress such as the extension to Centrale and the possible takeover of the Whitgift Centre by Westfield Group. It was part of the Croydon Vision 2020 re-generation scheme.
 The Norman Church of St Peter in Portishead Somerset England was built in 1320 on the site of a previous church and rebuilt in the 14th and 15th centuries in the Perpendicular Gothic style. In 1952 it was made a Grade I listed building.The vestry was added in 1828. The church was altered in 1978-1979.
 The Haldimand County Museum & Archives located at 8 Echo Street in Cayuga Ontario Canada is a museum that preserves and makes accessible evidence of the history of Haldimand County. Artifacts related to Haldimand County from its precivilization[citation needed] beginnings to the 20th century are restored and displayed in the museum galleries and grounds. The current curator is Karen Richardson.
 Clinton Village Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Clinton in Oneida County New York. The district includes 144 contributing buildings two contributing structures two contributing sites and six contributing objects.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Our Lady of Grace Catholic Church is the largest Roman Catholic Church in Greensboro North Carolina. Built in the Gothic Revival style it was one of the first Catholic churches in Greensboro. The church was erected as a memorial to Ethel Clay Price a Catholic whose husband donated funds to build the church. The Church was designed to resemble Our Lady of Refuge in Brooklyn New York. The church is also host of Our Lady of Grace Catholic School serving children from grades pre-k through 8.
 The Museum at Central School at the restored Central School building in Kalispell Montana USA is a history museum featuring exhibits that illuminate the history of Northwest Montana. Operated by the non-profit Northwest Montana Historical Society the Museum at Central School is housed in the 22000-square-foot (2000 m2) Richardsonian Romanesque-style four-story stone and brick Central School building constructed in 1894 and completely restored and renovated in the late 1990s.
 Kesher Israel (also known as The Georgetown Synagogue) is an Orthodox synagogue located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C. Writer and professor Barry Freundel is the Congregation's rabbi.
 The Musée Marc Chagall (National Museum or Chagall Biblical Message) is a national museum dedicated to the work of painter Marc Chagall - essentially his works inspired by religion - and located in Nice in the Alpes-Maritimes.
 Mullens Historic District is a national historic district located at Mullens Wyoming County West Virginia. It encompasses 95 contributing buildings and one contributing structure in the central business district of Mullens. It also includes surrounding residential areas. Notable buildings include the Highlawn Baptist Church (1925) Old Presbyterian Church Wyoming Hotel (1918) Bank of Mullens Building (1920) Masonic Hall Building (1924) Welch Apartment Building (c.
 The Pontiac City Hall and Fire Station is a historic building located at 110 W. Howard St. in Pontiac Illinois which served as both Pontiac's city hall and fire station. The building was constructed in 1900 to replace and 1883 building which also served as both a city hall and a fire station. Architect John H. Barnes designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style.
 The Wheel of Brisbane is a Bussink R60 transportable Ferris wheel installation in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is almost 60 metres (197 ft) tall.It was erected in 2008 at the northern entrance to South Bank Parklands the transformed World Expo 88 site by the Brisbane River as part of the 20th anniversary of World Expo 88 and the 150th anniversary of the State of Queensland 1859–2009 celebrations.
 Mount Harmon is an historic home located at Earleville Cecil County Maryland United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and is currently open to the public.
 The Seven Oaks House Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.Seven Oaks House is one of the oldest surviving residences in Manitoba and one of a handful of log buildings remaining that give a picture of life at Red River during the 1800s. Built from 1851-1853 primarily of wood with a stone foundation the home of John Inkster is today a valuable part of the province of Manitoba's heritage. The restored dwelling is open to the public.
 The Tilley Raymond House is a historic house at 12 George Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a once popular Greek Revival side hall style house. It was built c. 1847 by Tilley Raymond who along with Horatio Tower became one of Worcester's leading builders. It was converted into apartments in 1898.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Albany Alabama also known as New Decatur Alabama was a city in Morgan County Alabama USA situated immediately to the southeast of the city of Decatur near the Tennessee River. New Decatur/Albany existed as a city from 1887 until 1927 when it merged with the city of Decatur. Today it exists as a neighborhood within the city of Decatur and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The John and Rosetta Lee House is a private residential structure located at 823 Calhoun Street in the city of Lapeer in Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site and also added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1985.Built in the style of Gothic Revival architecture the two-story house was constructed in 1872.
 The Building at 83-85 Sigourney Street in Hartford Connecticut was an Italianate style double brick house built in 1865. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 at a time when there were no known threats to the building.
 Lee Station is the historic railroad station at 109 Railroad Street in Lee Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 to serve passenger traffic on the Housatonic Railroad which operated the tracks that run through the town between Pittsfield to the north and Connecticut to the south.The station was built in the Stick style by the Housatonic Railroad shortly before it was absorbed by the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad (NYNH&H).
 The Renaissance Cleveland Hotel is a historic hotel on Public Square in Cleveland Ohio opened in 1918 as the Hotel Cleveland. It is part of the Tower City Center mixed-use complex.
 The Allison Ranger Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of eight rustic buildings located in the Malheur National Forest in the Ochoco Mountains of eastern Oregon. It was originally built as a district ranger station for the Snow Mountain Ranger District. It was later converted to a summer guard station. Today it is an active Forest Service guard station with a crew of twelve fire fighters on station during the summer fire season.
 The Armstrong Cork Company (formerly of Armstrong World Industries) located at 2349 Railroad Street in the Strip District neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built circa 1901 and designed by architect Frederick J. Osterling.
 The Maynard and Edith Hamlin Dixon House and Studio is a residence and former painting studio in Mount Carmel Utah. Maynard Dixon was a prominent artist in the 1920s through 1940s who is best known for his landscape paintings of the American West. He moved to Mount Carmel in 1939 shortly after marrying Edith Hamlin a muralist from San Francisco California. The Dixons spent their summers in the home and wintered in Tucson Arizona.
 The Ritz Theater (also known as the Milane Theatre or the Helen Stairs Theatre) is a historic theatre in Sanford Florida United States. It is located at 201 South Magnolia Avenue. On January 29 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. After getting donations from Wayne Densch it has now been named the Wayne Densch Performing Arts Center.
 St. Nicholas Kirche was a Catholic church located at 127 East Second Street between Avenue A and First Avenue in Manhattan New York City. The church known in German as Deutsche Römisch-Katholische St. Nicholas Kirche (St. Nicholas Roman Catholic German Church) was the national parish for the local German-speaking population.
 The Kasson Municipal Building also known as Old City Hall is a historic building located on Main Street in Kasson Minnesota United States. Built in 1917 it was designed by Purcell & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 2005 a printing and copying business began operating in the building.
 The Wine Museum of Torgiano (Umbria Italy) is a private museum specialized and completely dedicated to the culture of wine.Located in an area of wine production the museum was founded by the wine producers Giorgio Lungarotti owner and founder of Cantine Lungarotti Winery and his wife Maria Grazia Marchetti in 1974 and is run together with the Olive and oil Museum by the Lungarotti Foundation which promotes studies cultural events and exhibitions aimed at enhancing the wine and olive oil economy.Through its archaeological ethnographic and arts collections the museum provides information on the role of wine in western culture where wine has always been highly valued not only for its energetic and strengthening properties but also as a cultural product.
 The Deacon John Symmes House is a historic house at 212 Main Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1807 by Deacon John Symmes a blacksmith and is the oldest surviving house of the Symmes family who first settled the area around 1650. It is a fairly conventional Federal style house with a hip roof and a pair of rear wall chimneys.
 St. Andrew's Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Pasadena California. Founded in 1886 it is the oldest Catholic parish in Pasadena and one of the oldest in Los Angeles County. Its Romanesque Revival campanile bell tower is visible for miles and is one of the landmarks of Pasadena. The current church built in 1927 was modeled after the Basilica of St. Sabina in Rome.
 Fashion Island is an upscale open-air lifestyle center in Newport Beach California . Fashion Island is owned by The Irvine Company.
 Hooglandse Kerk is a Gothic church in Leiden dating from the fifteenth century. The brick church is dedicated to St. Pancras and today serves parishioners of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands.
 The Israel B. Mason House is an historic house at 571 Broad Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1888 by Stone Carpenter and Wilson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Riverplace Tower is a 28-floor office building on the south bank of the St. Johns River in Jacksonville Florida. At the time of its construction it was the tallest building in the state of Florida and was the defining landmark in Jacksonville's skyline. On April 18 2012 the American Institute of Architects's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places as the Riverplace Tower / Formerly Gulf Life Tower.
 The House of Tomorrow at 241 West Lake Front Drive Beverly Shores Indiana was originally part of Chicago's 1933-34 Century of Progress Exposition. Designed as the house of the future this house included its own airplane hangar. Glass walls offered views from every angle and so taxed the experimental air conditioning system that the cooling system failed.
 Baxter House in Dayton Oregon also known as Brewer Residence was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Tallinn City Wall is the defensive wall constructed around the city of Tallinn in Estonia.
 The G.A.R. Hall is a historic Grand Army of the Republic Hall at 55 Pearl Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Stick/Eastlake style hall was built in 1876 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Eastburn-Jeanes Lime Kilns Historic District is a national historic district located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. It encompasses six contributing buildings two contributing sites and eight contributing structures. They are eight line kilns and two abandoned quarries together with stone buildings erected by Abel Jeanes and Joseph Eastburn. The buildings include the Abel Jeans Manor House Blacks Mill horse stable and outhouse.
 Kitterman--Buckey Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Johnsville Frederick County Maryland. It is the remnant of the farm that was established by the German immigrant Christopher Kitteman in 1752 and which remained in the Root/Buckey family from 1790 to 1919. The main house was built about 1752 and is two stories in height.
 Tornaco Castle is a castle in Vervoz in the municipality of Clavier Belgium.
 Lebovic Centre for Arts & Entertainment – Nineteen on the Park is an arts and entertainment venue in Stouffville Ontario and one the few historic buildings remaining in the town.
 The Penobscot Building Annex is a 23-storey 94.49 m (310.0 ft) office skyscraper located at 144 West Congress Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Michael and All Angels (formerly The St. Michael's Parish Church) is an Anglican church located on St. Michael's Row two blocks east of National Heroes Square; at the centre of Bridgetown Barbados.
 The Florence Griswold Museum is an art museum in Old Lyme Connecticut centered around the home of Florence Griswold. It is noted for its collection of American Impressionist paintings.
 The Wilder Street Historic District is a historic district at 284-360 Wilder Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The section of Wilder Street between Westford Street and Branch Road contains a remarkable collection of large late 19th-century houses.
 Isaac Franklin Plantation also known as Fairvue is an antebellum plantation house in Gallatin Tennessee. Fairvue Plantation was built in 1832 by Isaac Franklin (1789-1846). Franklin retired to be a planter after a successful career as a partner in the largest slave-trading firm in the South prior to the Civil War. Fairvue was named a National Historic Landmark in 1977. In 2005 its historic landmark status was withdrawn due to development that had damaged its historic integrity.
 The Wade Park District is an historic district on the National Register of Historic Places located in the University Circle neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland Ohio. The district which covers roughly 650 acres is bounded by Chester Avenue and Euclid Avenue (which converge in a triangle) on the south East Boulevard to the east and E. 105th Street to the west.
 Bristol Hotel is Gibraltar's oldest hotel it is located on Cathedral Square in Gibraltar. Next to the Church of England Cathedral Established in 1894 the 19th century it occupies a white colonial building with swimming pool and garden located to the south of Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned  next to the Gibraltar Museum.
 Beach House in Worthing England is a Regency beach-side villa built in 1820 to designs by John Rebecca. It was originally known as Marino Mansion.
 The Hamilton Crowne Plaza also known as the Hamilton Hotel is an AAA 4-diamond luxury hotel in downtown Washington D.C. United States located at 1001 14th Street N.W. just to the north of Franklin Square. It is a member of the Crowne Plaza hotel chain which is part of the InterContinental Hotels Group (ICHG).Hamilton Crowne Plaza is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Gissing Hall is a listed fifteenth century mansion situated in five acres of woodland and gardens in the village of Gissing in Norfolk England. The hall is operated as a hotel and restaurant.The Gissing estate dates back to the 15th Century when it was first owned by the Kemp family. The present Hall was mostly built in the 1820s by the Reverend Sir William Robert Kemp. He graduated from Cambridge in 1813 and in 1816 became the Rector of Gissing.
 The Department of Taxes and Attorney General's Chambers Building (sometimes shortened to Attorney General's Chambers Building) is currently the tallest building in Botswana and one of the most expensive buildings built in Africa. The building located in the Government Enclave on Nelson Mandela Drive in Gaborone is home to the Botswana Department of Taxes and the Attorney General's Chambers.
 The First Church of Christ Scientist now also known as Lackawanna County Children's Library is a building in Scranton Pennsylvania located at 520 Vine Street. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 9 1988. The building built in 1915 was listed for its Classical Revival architecture.
 Naaz Lifestyle Shopping Mall is a shopping center in Pulimoodu Thiruvananthapuram. The building has 9 floors. It includes clothing centre of various brands like Wrangler Levis etc  a crockery store  cosmetics storefood court and a gaming zone.
 The Eells-Stow House is a historic house located in Milford Connecticut. Believed to have been built between 1700 and 1720 the house is named after previous inhabitants the Eells family.
 The Nathaniel Thayer Estate is a historic house at 438 S. Main Street in Lancaster Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.A house was built on the site in 1798 when Reverend Nathaniel Thayer (1769-1840) constructed his parsonage in South Lancaster. His sons took down the original home and built the estate in 1846.
 The Transfiguration Church in Kovalyovo (Russian: Церковь Спаса на Ковалёве Tserkov Spasa na Kovalyove) in Novgorodsky District Novgorod Oblast Russia was built around 1345. The church was notable for the frescoes created in the 14th century. The church was destroyed to the ground during World War II and restored in 1970. Fragments of the frescoes have since been reconstructed.
 Keokuk National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Keokuk in Lee County Iowa. It encompasses 22.7 acres (9.2 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 4638 interments. It is administered by Rock Island National Cemetery.
 Orange Grove also known as the Gaillard-Colclough House is an historic 40-acre (160000 m2) plantation and its plantation house located at Gaillard's Crossroads (intersection of Peach Orchard Road and Black River Road) north of Dalzell South Carolina.
 St. Peter's Church Ruddington is a Church of England church in Ruddington Nottinghamshire.
 Stuyvesant Plaza is a major shopping plaza and office complex in the U.S. state of New York's Capital District. It is located in the town of Guilderland on Western Avenue (US 20) near the south end of the Adirondack Northway I-87 and the city of Albany.
 The Lincoln Elementary School (also known as Pittsburgh Lincoln K-8) located in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The historical marker near the front of the building on Frankstown Avenue says the following: Template:
 The William Perrin House is a historic house at 464 River Road in western Andover Massachusetts. It was built between 1850 and 1852 by William Perrin on land owned by his wife's family. The house features Greek Revival and Gothic Revival details and has a front entry portico that was a striking feature in what was at the time a rural farming area. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The US Post Office-Inwood Station is a historic post office building located in Manhattan New York United States. It was built between 1935 and 1937 and designed by consulting architect Carroll H. Pratt (1874-1958) for the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a one story brick building with a three bay wide projecting entrance pavilion in the Colonial Revival style.
 The three University of Illinois round barns played a special role in the promotion and popularity of the American round barn. They are located in the U.S. city of Urbana Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois (U of I). The University of Illinois was home to one of the Agricultural Experiment Stations located at U.S. universities which were at the heart of the promotion of the round barn.
 555 California Street formerly Bank of America Center and locally known as Triple Nickel[citation needed] is a 52-story 779 ft (237 m) skyscraper in San Francisco California. It is the second tallest building in the city the largest by floor area and a focal point of the Financial District.
 The Van Wert Bandstand is a historic gazebo in Van Wert a city in the far western portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in 1874 this octagonal bandstand is a wooden structure crafted in the High Gothic Revival style. Among its most distinctive elements is its two-part roof: rising to a central point the steep roof is split between upper and lower portions by a double cornice with an ornate frieze.
 The former Smith Tavern is located on Bedford Road (state highway NY 22) in the hamlet of Armonk New York United States. It is a red frame building dating to the late 18th century one of the few left in a region that has rapidly suburbanized over the past century. The Smith family for whom it is named did not build it but owned it for most of the 19th century.It has seen many uses over its existence most of them important to the development of the Town of North Castle.
 Monastery of the Miracles also known as Monastery of Ardzgue (Armenian: Սքանչելագործ վանք) is a destroyed Armenian monastery on the hills in 2.18 miles northwest to the Adilcevaz city of Bitlis province of modern Turkey to the north from the Lake Van.
 Garret Zabriskie House is located in Haworth Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1818 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Frenchman's Mountain Methodist Episcopal Church—South and Cemetery is a historic church in Cato Arkansas.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Boathouse is a business and residential property located at Ranelagh Drive Twickenham England which houses music and film studios.
 Christ Church Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral located in Springfield Massachusetts United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Western Massachusetts.
 Francis Asbury also known as the Francis Asbury Memorial is a public equestrian statue by American artist Augustus Lukeman located at 16th Street and Mt. Pleasant Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood. It was originally surveyed as part of the Smithsonian's Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey in 1994.
 Continental Center is a 348ft (106m) tall skyscraper located at 150 East Gay Street in Columbus Ohio. It is the 14th tallest building in Columbus and has 26 floors. It was completed in 1973 and designed by architectural firm Brubaker/Brandt Inc. The building follows a modernist architectural style and is formerly known as the Ohio Bell Building and the Ameritech Building.
 Bethel Baptist Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the village of Wivelsfield in East Sussex England. The cause was founded in 1763 by members of a chapel at nearby Ditchling; Henry Booker and other worshippers seceded and began to meet at Wivelsfield after hearing a sermon by George Whitefield.
 The Hancock Town Hall and Fire Hall is a public building located at 399 Quincy Street in the Quincy Street Historic District in Hancock Michigan. It is also known as the Hancock City Hall. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 East Gloucester Square Historic District is a historic district on E. Main Street in Gloucester Massachusetts roughly bounded by Inner Harbor Smith Cove Wonson Cove and Mt. Pleasant Avenue.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Casa de Castro Gómez was a historic adobe house located in central San Jerónimo San Martín de Hidalgo municipality Jalisco Mexico. It was owned by Mariano Castro and Anastacia Gómez hence the house's name.The house was built around 1940 by Francisco Pancho Quintero. Fabián Castro a neighbor patriarch bought the home for one of his two sons. The deal was that if either married first he would be given the house.
 The Four Points by Sheraton San Jose Downtown or Hotel Montgomery is a boutique hotel in downtown San José California.In an effort to preserve the hotel and to accommodate the 13-story 264 room expansion of the Fairmont San Jose Hotel the San Jose Redevelopment Agency had the Montgomery moved 57 m (187 ft) south of its original location at First Street and Paseo de San Antonio at a cost of $8.6 million.
 The Sultan Iskandar Building or Bangunan Sultan Iskandar (BSI) (Jawi: باڠونن سلطان إسكندر ) is the largest customs immigration and quarantine (CIQ) in Malaysia. Located at Bukit Chagar Johor Bahru Johor at the former site of the Lumba Kuda flats Kampung Bukit Chagar and recreation park it occupies an area of 232237 square metres (2499780 sq ft). This building is part of the Southern Integrated Gateway project was named after the late Sultan of Johor Almarhum Sultan Iskandar.
 Aiken Colored Cemetery a historic cemetery in Aiken South Carolina USA covers approximately 10 acres and is located several miles from the downtown area. It was the only burial grounds for Aiken’s African-American community through the mid 20th century.Established in 1852 the graves include an interesting and diverse collection of tombs including those of slaves freedmen and general business leaders tradesmen and even paupers.
 Byron Area Historic Museum is a museum in Byron Center Michigan USA. The Byron Center Historical Society is a non profit organization and was originally formed in 1978 primarily for Genealogy research. In 1986 The Historical Society obtained the “Township Hall” a State Historical Landmark to utilize for a museum and to house the genealogy archives.
 This article is about a commercial retail center in Independence Missouri. For the arena also in Independence that is just south of the mall see Independence Events Center. For the not-for-profit agency in St. Louis Missouri see Independence Center (St. Louis).Independence Center is a 1032000-square-foot (95900 m2) super-regional shopping mall located in Independence Missouri. The mall opened in 1974. Its three department stores were Macy's Sears and Stix Baer & Fuller.
 The Wynkoop House is located on New York Route 32 just north of an offramp from the New York State Thruway and its junction with NY 212 in the town of Saugerties New York United States.
 Kimpusen-ji (金峯山寺 Kinpusen-ji) is the head temple of a branch of the Shugendō religion called Kimpusen-Shugendō in Yoshino district Nara prefecture Japan. According to tradition it was founded by En no Ozunu who propagated a form of mountain asceticism drawing from Shintō and Buddhist beliefs.The temple's main building Zaō-Hall (Zaōdō) is the second largest wooden structure in Japan right after the Great-Buddha-Hall (daibutsuden) at Tōdai-ji in Nara.
 St Peter's Church Wickham Bishops is a redundant church in the village of Wickham Bishops Essex England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is cared for by the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Seeb Palace or Bait al Baraka is a royal palace in Seeb near Muscat Oman. It is home to the Royal Oman Symphony Orchestra established in 1985.
 Hotel Beach at 140 Fairfield Ave. in Bridgeport Connecticut is an Art Deco hotel building that was built in 1927. It has also been known as Hotel Barnum. It was designed by Thomas Martin & Kirkpatrick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It is a contributing building in the Bridgeport Downtown North Historic District NRHP-listed in 1987.
 The X-Seed 4000 is the tallest building ever fully envisioned meaning that the designs for construction have been completed. The idea was initially created and developed by Peter Neville. Its proposed 4 km (2.5 mi) height 6 km (3.7 mi) wide sea-base and 800 floor capacity could accommodate 500000 to 1000000 inhabitants. This structure would be composed of over 3000000 tons of reinforced steel.
 A. F. Chapman House is a historic home located at Watkins Glen in Schuyler County New York. It was built in 1870–1873 in the Gothic Revival style and modified about 1888–1894. It is a 2 1⁄2-story High Victorian / Queen Anne–style building with a steeply pitched gable roof. It features a 3-story tower with Queen Anne style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The James McBean Residence is a house in Rochester Minnesota designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. This Usonian house is an example of the second type (Prefab #2) of the Marshall Erdman Prefab Houses. This house and the Walter Rudin House have the same floor plan and vary only in minor details such as paint color and siting.
 George Oscar Thompson House also known as the Sam Ward Bishop House is a historic home located near Tazewell Tazewell County Virginia. It was built in 1886–1887 and is a two-story three bay T-shaped frame dwelling. It sits on foundation of rubble limestone. The front facade features a one-story porch on the center bay supported by chamfered posts embellished with sawn brackets.
 The Ayer Main Street Historic District is a historic district on Main Street roughly between Park and Columbia Streets Ayer Massachusetts.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Canyon Ranch Miami Beach also known as the Carillion Residences is a complex of three high rise luxury condominiums in North Beach Miami Beach Florida. It is part of the Canyon Ranch chain of resorts. It is located on the beachfront on the east side of Collins Avenue between 68th and 69th Streets.
 The Mount Adams Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Adams at Newcomb in Essex County New York. The station and contributing resources include a 56-foot-tall (17 m) steel frame lookout tower erected in 1917 a foot trail leading up the 3250 foot summit and the 1922 observers cabin with shed and privy.
 Regional Mental Hospital (also known as Yerwada Mental Hospital) is a psychiatric hospital located in the Indian state of Maharashtra.It is one of the largest Mental Hospitals in Asia.
 Parkside Whispering Pines once known as Tall Maples Miniature Golf Course is a miniature golf course and national historic district located at the hamlet of Sea Breeze in the town of Irondequoit in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1930 and is a rare surviving example of a miniature golf course that dates from the sport's first period of broad based popularity.It was listed under its former name on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Othniel Looker House is a registered historic building in Harrison Ohio listed in the National Register on June 5 1975.
 The Noah Webster House is a historic house museum located at 227 South Main Street West Hartford Connecticut. It was the home of American lexicographer Noah Webster and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1962.The house was probably built circa 1748 as part of a 120-acre (49 ha) farm and is a typical New England wooden-frame residence of that era. It has since been extended and is now 2.5 stories in height with an irregular shape.
 The Tomochichi Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Georgia located in Savannah Georgia. It was built between 1894 and 1899 and substantially enlarged in 1932. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and was renamed in honor of the Creek Indian leader Tomochichi in 2005.
 The New Sherwood Hotel is a historic property on the National Register of Historic Places in New Haven Kentucky in southernmost Nelson County Kentucky. It is next door to the Kentucky Railway Museum on U.S. 31E..The brick two-story New Sherwood Hotel is one of the few buildings left in New Haven that has any historical integrity; only nine buildings from 1880-1940 remained in New Haven by 1978. It is made of solid-masonry-brickwall on top of a limestone foundation.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Rock Hill South Carolina also known as Caldwell Street Post Office was built in 1931. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Thomas Methodist Episcopal Chapel also known as Thomas Chapel and Thomas Chapel United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Thaxton Bedford County Virginia. It was built in 1844 and is a small rectangular-plan one-story one-room brick structure in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It measures 30 feet wide and 40 feet long and has a three-bay facade and a pedimented front gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Harvey Whalen House is a historic home located in the town of Penfield in Monroe County New York. The brick building constructed in 1875 consists of a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay Victorian Gothic main block with attached Second Empire tower and 1-story brick addition.
 Aleksandar Palas Hotel (Serbian: Хотел Aлександар Палас/Hotel Aleksandar Palas) is a hotel located in Belgrade the capital of Serbia.
 Prophet Muhammad MuseumProphet Muhammad Museum was opened on 15 May 2012 at the King Hussein Mosque in Al Hussein Public Parks in Amman it was inaugurated by His Majesty King Abdullah II of Jordan.The Museum includes prophet’s belongings including a single hair from his beard and his letter to the Byzantine emperor of Eastern Roman Empire in which he urged him to convert to Islam.The museum also includes a sapling of the tree under which Prophet Mohammad rested on his way to the Levant for trade in the pre-Islam era. 
 Hefei Feicui TV Tower is a tower under construction in Hefei China.
 The Richard Pinkham House is a historic house at 24 Brooks Park in Medford Massachusetts. The unusually shaped Italianate wood frame house was built c. 1850 by Richard Pinkham a housewright who then lived in the property. The house is unique in Medford in the presence of a 2.5 story octagon section which rises above the rest of the roughly cruciform house.
 William T. Golden Center for Science and Engineering is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. the capital of the United States. Completed in 1996 the building rises to 151 feet (46 m) and has 12 floors. The architects of the building were Davis Carter Scott Ltd. and Pei Cobb Freed & Partners who designed the postmodern building.
 The Hernando County Courthouse built in 1913 is an historic courthouse building located in Brooksville Florida It was designed by Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards who designed one other courthouse in Florida two in Georgia and nine in South Carolina as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina.
 The Château des Anglais is a castle in the commune of Autoire in the Lot département of France.The castle extends under a rocky cliff partially overhanging which limits its area. The only remains are a roofless corps de logis with a turret. The castle continues to the east with a further corps de logis and turret. Together they formed a sort of narrow extended keep stuck to the rock which forms its lower wall.
 Grytten Church (Norwegian: Grytten kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located near the mouth of the Rauma River in the village of Veblungsnes. The church is part of the Grytten parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The red wooden octagonal church was built in 1829 possibly using Sør-Fron Church as a model. The church seats about 250 people. Four large columns support the tower.
 The Dow Block is a historic commercial building on the Central Square in Stoneham Massachusetts. The four story Second Empire building built in 1864 by Moses Dow occupies a prominent position in Stoneham's Central Square and is one of its defining features.
 Cooper Memorial Church (also known as Cooper Memorial United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 9900 Cooper Church Drive in Okolona Kentucky.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Zephyrhills Downtown Historic District is a historic district in Zephyrhills Florida. It is bounded by South Avenue 9th Avenue 7th Street and 11th Street and contains 126 historic buildings. On September 27 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The district includes the Capt. Harold B. Jeffries House which was built in 1911 and was the home of city founder Capt. Jeffries.
 Fly Creek Grange No. 844 also known as Fly Creek Historical Society and Museum is a historic Grange Hall located at Fly Creek in Otsego County New York. It was built in 1899 is a large 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed rectangular frame structure 30 feet wide and 80 feet deep. It is sheathed in clapboard siding and rests on a cut stone and rubble foundation. It is located within the boundaries of the Fly Creek Historic District.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Chapin National Bank Building is a historic bank building at 1675-1677 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built in 1917 for the Chapin National Bank which was established in 1872 by the local transportation magnate Chester Chapin on the site of a previous building of the same bank. The two story Neo-Classical cast stone structure has classical Doric friezes on both its Main Street and Lyman Street facades.
 The Methodist Church Great Budworth is a former Wesleyan Methodist Church in the village of Great Budworth Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was built in the middle of the 19th century for Rowland Egerton-Warburton of nearby Arley Hall. It is constructed in brick has a slate roof and consists of a rectangular building with a service wing at right angles. It is now closed and is used as a private house.
 Narragansett Baptist Church (also known as South Ferry Church) is an historic Baptist church building located at 170 South Ferry Road in Narragansett Rhode Island.
 Langhorne Manor School now known as Langhorne Manor Borough Hall is a historic one-room school building located at Langhorne Manor Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1891 and is a small 1 1/2-story building with stone faced wood frame walls and a slate covered hipped roof in the Queen Anne style. It measures 33 feet wide by 43 feet deep. The roof features two eyelid dormers and a gable dormer with fishscale shingles.
 SM City Lucena is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is located in Maharlika Highway corner Dalahican Road Brgy. Ibabang Dupay Lucena City Quezon. It is the first SM Supermall in the province of Quezon. It has a gross floor area of 78655 m2 (846640 sq ft) and a land area of 8 hectares.
 Atik Mustafa Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Atik Mustafa Paşa Camii; also named Hazreti Cabir Camii) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. The dedication of the church is obscure. For a long time it has been identified with the church of Saints Peter and Mark but without any proof.
 The Frumoasa Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Frumoasa) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Iaşi Romania. Built between 1726 and 1733 by Moldavian Prince Grigore II Ghica the monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 The Vilnius TV Tower (Lithuanian: Vilniaus televizijos bokštas) is a 326.5 m (1071 ft) tower in the Karoliniškės microdistrict of Vilnius Lithuania. It is the tallest structure in Lithuania and is occupied by the SC Lithuanian Radio and Television Centre (Lithuanian: AB Lietuvos radijo ir televizijos centras).
 The John Sedgley Homestead is the oldest homestead in the State of Maine that is still in its original setting. It was built during the early-eighteenth-century resettlement period; the first constructions were from 1695 to 1720. Located at lower Scituate Road and Chases Pond Road in York Maine (43°9′48″N 70°38′55″W) the region historically known as York Corners Maine. It was the first structure built closest in proximity to the Mount Agamenticus summit in the town of York.
 Adisham Hall or Adisham Bungalow is a country house near Haputale in the Badulla District Sri Lanka. At present it houses the Adisham Monastery a congregation of St. Sylvester.The house was built in 1931 by an English aristocrat and planter Sir Thomas Villiers former Chairman of George Steuart Co a trading and estate agency based in Colombo. Sir Thomas was a grandson of Lord John Russell and descendant of the Dukes of Bedford. Named after Adisham it was designed by R. Booth and F.
 Barnum School is a historic elementary school located on Barnum Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was designed by architect George W. Briggs and built in 1926 to replace a previous school on the site that had burned. When it opened the Barnum School was considered the most modern in school design in an era of continuing educational reform.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The school closed in June 2013.
 Yoido Full Gospel Church is a Pentecostal church affiliated with the Assemblies of God on Yeouido (Yoi Island) in Seoul South Korea. With about 1000000 members (2007) it is the largest Pentecostal Christian congregation in South Korea and the world. Founded and led by David Yonggi Cho since 1958.
 Frenchay Hospital is a large hospital situated in Frenchay South Gloucestershire on the north east outskirts of Bristol England. It is part of the North Bristol NHS Trust.
 The Röhsska Museum (Swedish: Röhsska museet earlier named Röhsska konstslöjdsmuseet also known as Design Museum) is located in Gothenburg Sweden. It is a museum focused on design fashion and applied arts.The museum collection consists of over 50000 objects. The majority of the collection consists of handicraft and design products from Sweden and Europe and arts and crafts from Japan and China.
 Meeker Sugar Refinery is located in Meeker Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 16 1987.
 Sears Roebuck and Company Complex is a complex that includes the Sears Merchandise Building Tower and the Sears Roebuck and Company Administration Building. It was the headquarters and main operations for all parts of the Sears Roebuck Company for almost seven decades.
 Abay Opera House (full official name - Kazakh: Абай атындағы қазақ мемлекеттік академиялық опера және балет театры (Kazakh State Academic Opera and Ballet House named after Abay)) was built in Almaty in 1934 and named after Kazakh poet composer and philosopher Abay Qunanbayuli.Founder (1934) and first director - Yevgeny Brusilovsky who created eight national operas and a ballet (Kyz-Zhibek Yer-Targhyn Aiman-Sholpan Birzhan and Sara Kamar-sulu and others).Over forty western and Kazakh pieces are performed including operas ballets and classical music performances. 
 Old Stone Church is a church building built in 1802. When it was constructed it was in the Pendleton District South Carolina. When Pendleton District was divided in 1826 the church was in Pickens District. When Pickens District was split in 1868 it was in Oconee County South Carolina. In 1968 this section of Oconee County was annexed back to Pickens County. The church is about mid-way between the centers of Pendleton and Clemson. It is now in the city limits of Clemson.
 The Eastwood Park Bridge in Minot North Dakota is a cantilever type structure that was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It spans an oxbow of the Souris River. According to its NRHP nomination the bridge is a rarity in North Dakota.
 Kuerner Farm also known as Ring Farm is a historic farm in Chadds Ford Pennsylvania notable for its association with artist Andrew Wyeth who created about one-third of his work over 1000 paintings and drawings on subjects he found there over a span of 77 years. The farm was listed in the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 2011. The property abuts the Brandywine Battlefield another National Historic Landmark.
 Rossie Priory is a country house and estate to the north of Inchture near the hamlets of Baledgarno and Knapp Perthshire Scotland. It lies 9.6 miles (15.4 km) by road west of the city centre of Dundee.Rossie Priory was designed by the architect William Atkinson in Regency Gothic Style. It was built as a house (never actually a priory) in 1817 for Charles Kinnaird 8th Lord Kinnaird and is the seat of the Kinnaird family.
 Restaurant De Kersentuin is a restaurant located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1992.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.The restaurant was famous not only because of the Michelin star but also because it belonged to the front runners of the nouvelle cuisine.
 St. Bartholomew's church (Slovene: Cerkev sv. Jerneja) — referred to by locals as Stara Cerkev (Old Church) which gave name to a nearby Ljubljana city bus stop—is one of the oldest church buildings in Ljubljana Slovenia.
 The Château de Mursay is a ruined 16th-century castle in the commune of Échiré 10 km north of Niort in the Deux-Sèvres département of France.The Château de Mursay was the residence of Agrippa d'Aubigné grandfather of Madame de Maintenon (née Françoise d'Aubigné).Situated on the banks of the Sèvre Niortaise river the castle has been bought by the commune to avoid it falling into ruins the roof having been lost some years ago.It has been listed since 1952 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Exchange Tower is a 36 storey 146 m (479 ft) tower in the First Canadian Place complex of Toronto Ontario Canada completed in 1981.
 Johnson City Square Deal Arch is a historic welcome arch located at Johnson City in Broome County New York. It is one of two identical arches erected in 1920 in Johnson City and in nearby Endicott known as the Endicott Square Deal Arch. It was constructed by Endicott-Johnson Shoe Company employees to honor George F. Johnson (1857–1948) their highly respected employer and benefactor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Modern Press Building (originally built in 1927 and thoroughly renovated in 1947 1993 and 2011) is a historic building in the City Park District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The original building was designed by David Webster.The building was originally build as a two story building to house the Modern Press printing-press equipment and offices.
 The Greersburg Academy was an institution established by Reverend Thomas Hughes in Darlington Pennsylvania United States in 1802. The academy was created as a prep school for college. Classes included languages philosophy and astronomy. The stone structure was built around 1806 making it one of the oldest buildings still standing in Beaver County.
 House at 12 Vernon Street is a historic house at 12 Vernon Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Fort Pitt Block House (sometimes called Bouquet's Blockhouse or Bouquet's Redoubt) is a historic building in Point State Park in the city of Pittsburgh. It was constructed in 1764 as a redoubt of Fort Pitt making it the oldest extant structure in Western Pennsylvania as well as the oldest authenticated structure west of the Allegheny Mountains.
 One Wells Fargo Center is a skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It is the headquarters for Wells Fargo's east coast division. At 588 feet (179 m) tall and 42 stories it is the fifth tallest building in Charlotte. When it was opened on September 14 1988 it was the tallest building in North Carolina. In 1992 One Wells Fargo Center was surpassed by the Bank of America Corporate Center and again in 2002 by Hearst Tower another Bank of America building.
 Edgewood Manor is located in Clarksburg West Virginia on the east side of US Route 19 and State Route 20 North just one-fourth of a mile off of the West Pike Street Exit off Route 50. The structure was commissioned by Haze Morgan as a residence who named it Edgewood Manor because it was constructed by day labor at the edge of the woods. The manor was designed by architect Steven Warder Ford completed in 1914.
 The James H. Brooks House is a historic house at 61 Columbus Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1880 and is one of the finer examples of Second Empire architecture in the city. Set on a narrow lot it has a mansard roof pierced by dormers including an elaborate projecting dormer on the front facade.
 Sitka Spruce Plantation also known as The Forest or AHRS UNL-074 is an afforestation site and National Historic Landmark located in the Aleutian island of Amaknak. It is the first recorded afforestation site in North America.Amaknak Island was naturally treeless. The afforestation was begun by Russians in 1805 in an attempt to make the Unalaska community self-sufficient in timber. As of 1975 six of the originally planted trees still stood.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 Walden United Methodist Church is located on West Main Street (New York State Route 52) in Walden New York United States. It is a brick building constructed in the late 19th century for a congregation dating to 1817. Primarily in the late Victorian Gothic architectural style its complex massing and decoration include elements of other contemporary modes such as Romanesque Revival.
 The National Motorcycle Museum occupies an 8-acre (32000 m2) site in Bickenhill Solihull England and holds the world's largest collection of British motorcycles. In addition to over 850 motorcycles which cover a century of motorcycle manufacture the museum has conference facilities. It is located close to the junction of the A45 and the M42.
 The Union School also known a Central Elementary School was an educational building located at 205 West Baldwin Street in St. Johns Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The school building has been replaced by a housing development.
 The Seabright Lawn Tennis and Cricket Club is one of the oldest active tennis clubs and the oldest grass tennis club in the United States located in Rumson Monmouth County New Jersey United States. It was organized in 1877 and incorporated in 1886. The Seabright Invitational Tournament was a major tournament from 1884 through 1950. It was ended not because of funding but because the members grew tired of the fuss.
 Buffalo City Tower was an approved 40-story mixed-use tower aiming to be the tallest in downtown Buffalo. It was to be developed by British property development company BSC Group headed up by entrepreneur Bashar Issa. Details included: retail focused on the corner of S.
 Rockley Preceptory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 Christian Meeting House (Petersburg Christian Church) is a historic church meeting house at 6561 Tanner Street in Petersburg Kentucky.The original congregation was organized in 1824 by Alexander Campbell from Virginia. The structure was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The architecture reflects the shift in styles from the classical Greek Revival to the more romantic or picturesque forms prevalent in Boone County during the period 1835–1890.
 The Salem School is located in Naugatuck Connecticut. The schoolhouse was built in 1853 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 3 1983.
 Marquis is a skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown and forms part of the Biscayne Wall a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It was topped out in March 2008. The tower is 700 feet (210 m) tall and contains 67 floors making it the building with the most floors in Miami.
 Persian Gulf Complex is a large shopping mall located in Shiraz Iran. It is the biggest mall in terms of the number of shops. The facility has space for 2500 stores covering 420000 square metres (4500000 sq ft).Construction of the mall started in 2006 and was completed in 2011. The project was developed by Royal Star International a Dubai-based construction group operating in the Middle East and Eurasia regions.
 Living Enrichment Center (LEC) was a New Thought megachurch and retreat center in the U.S. state of Oregon. Originally founded in the Scholls Oregon farmhouse of senior minister Mary Manin Morrissey in the mid-1970s the church moved to a 94500 square foot (8800 m²) building on a forested area of 95 acres (384000 m²) in Wilsonville in 1992.
 Bird-in-Hand Hotel also known as the Bird-In-Hand Village Inn and Suites and Rhoad's Hotel is a historic hotel located at Bird-in-Hand East Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1852 on the site of several earlier wayside taverns. It has a three-story rectangular brick main block with a 2 1/2-story rear T-wing and a 2-story extension. It features a full-width front porch with Tuscan order columns and a symmetrical facade in a vernacular Greek Revival style.
 Watertown Stadium is a stadium in Watertown South Dakota. It was primarily used for baseball and American football and was the home of minor-league professional baseball including most recently (c. 1970) the Watertown Expos of the Northern League. The ballpark has a capacity of 5000 people and opened in 1940.
 Gadsby's Tavern is a building in Old Town Alexandria Virginia and is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Currently the facility is home to Gadsby's Tavern Restaurant American Legion Post 24 and Gadsby's Tavern Museum a cultural history museum. The original tavern was a central part of the social economic political and educational life of the city of Alexandria and the United States.
 Blatchley House is a historic home located near Jordanville in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1855. It is a two-story nearly square timber frame flat roofed vernacular Italianate style residence. It has a two-story main block above a high raised basement of cut and dressed limestone with a two-story flat roofed wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Charles H. Burwell House is a house in Minnetonka Minnesota associated with Charles H. Burwell the secretary and manager of the Minnetonka Mills Company located on Minnehaha Creek. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Charles H. Burwell was born in New Haven Connecticut in 1838. He moved to Minnesota in 1874 after his first wife died.
 R.S. Blome Granitoid Pavement is a historic road surface as well as the associated cut sandstone curbs in a few sections found in three of the oldest residential sections of Grand Forks North Dakota. It is a Portland cement–aggregate combination that was intended to bridge the gap between the needs of Horse-drawn vehicles which required sure footing and automobiles which needed a hard resilient surface in the earliest part of the 20th century.R.S.
 The Mandarin Oriental Tower in Chicago USA is a canceled 74-story 930 feet (280 m) mixed use building which would have been the ninth tallest building in Chicago if completed assuming Waterview Tower had also been completed (currently on hold). Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group which did not have an equity stake in the project lent its name to the development.
 The Alden Bridge in Alden Iowa brings the town's Main St. over the Iowa River. It was built in 1936 by the Weldon Brothers Construction Co.. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Commons at Federal Way (formerly SeaTac Mall) is a regional [1] shopping mall located in Federal Way Washington and is the only covered shopping center in the city [2]. The current owners Steadfast Commercial Properties changed the name to The Commons at Federal Way. Ongoing improvements to the shopping center are expected to improve sales upon an expected $25 to $30 per square foot by year’s end. [3]The original developer was Harry Newman of Newman Properties.
 The Governor's Mansion at 621 S. Marshall Ave. in Marshall Michigan was built in 1839. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It reflects Greek Revival architecture.The house is owned and operated by the Mary Marshall Chapter D.A.R..
 Fraser Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 63 Church Street in Tatamagouche Nova Scotia Canada. It was built in 1857 and is one and a half storeys.It features Greek Revival pilasters and entablature at the front entrance; a wood frame shed; and prominent location on a corner lot.It was recognized as a Nova Scotia Provincially Recognized Site under the Heritage Property Act on 31 March 1993.
 Tucker County Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Parsons Tucker County West Virginia. It was built in 1901 and is a three-story brick commercial building with a rusticated ashlar base and accents in the Romanesque Revival style. It features a corner turret with angled entrance. The building housed the Tucker County Bank until 1969.
 The Logan Mills Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Logan Township in Clinton County Pennsylvania. It is a 55-foot-long (17 m) 12-foot-wide (3.7 m) Queen post truss bridge constructed in 1874. It crosses the Fishing Creek. It is the only remaining covered bridge in Clinton County. It is one of the principal attractions in Sugar Valley.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Greene Hills Farm also known as the Greene County Historical Society Museum is a historic home located at Franklin Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1861 as a 2 1/2-story nine bay by four bay brick dwelling with a gable roof in the Georgian style. It was expanded in the 1880s with a 2 1/2-story brick addition with a gable roof. Another 2 1/2-story addition was built about 1900.
 Mana Contemporary is a cultural center in Jersey City New Jersey USA. Opened in May 2011 the center provides services spaces and programming for artists collectors curators performers students and community. It includes artist studios exhibition spaces and storage and is siituated in a 1920s-era brick former manufacturing building in the city's Marion Section near Marion Junction that is also an extension of the fine arts transportation department of Moishe's Moving Systems.
 Houston Center is a retail and office complex in Downtown Houston Texas United States. It is owned and operated by subsidiaries of Crescent Real Estate Equities Co. (NYSE: CEI).The three towers in Houston Center have almost 3400000 square feet (320000 m2) of Class A office space.
 The Witch's Dungeon Classic Movie Museum in Bristol Connecticut is a collection of figures of classic movie monsters. The museum is owned by Bristol-native Cortlandt Hull. Cortlandt is the great nephew of film actor Henry Hull. In 1966 Cortlandt's father helped him build the Swiss chalet-style building to house the museum. Cortlandt built life-size figures of classic movie monsters that were made of wax fine wire mesh papier-mache and polymers.
 The Strand Theatre on Hill Avenue in Grafton North Dakota United States was built in 1946. It reflects Moderne architecture. It has also been known as the New Strand as the Strand Twin Theatre as the Deluxe Theatre and as the Strand Deluxe Theater. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2004.
 Abeno Cues Town (あべのキューズタウン) is the name of the Abeno A1 Area Urban Redevelopment Project A2 Building (阿倍野A1地区第二種市街地再開発事業A2棟 Abeno A1 Chiku Dainishu Shigaichi Saikaihatsu Jigyō A2 Tō) in Abeno-ku Osaka Japan.
 The Empress Hotel located in Asbury Park New Jersey is a popular gay resort.The Hotel opened as a luxury resort for vacationing families in the 1960s.
 The Selfridges Building is a landmark building in Birmingham England. The building is part of the Bullring Shopping Centre and houses Selfridges Department Store. The building was completed in 2003 at a cost of £60 million and designed by architecture firm Future Systems. It has a steel framework with sprayed concrete facade. Since its construction the building has become an iconic architectural landmark and seen as a major contribution to the regeneration of Birmingham.[citation needed]
 St Mary's Church Moseley is a parish church in the Church of England located in Moseley Birmingham.
 The Penang Masonic Temple is an historic Masonic building located st 136 Jalan Utama Western Road) corner of Jalan Brown (Brown Road) in the former city of George Town on Penang Island in the state of Penang Malaysia. In 1924 The Royal Prince of Wales Lodge No. 1555 United Grand Lodge of England and Lodge Scotia No.
 The Church of St John the Baptist in Pilton Somerset England dates from the 11th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The present Norman and Medieval structure may stand on the site of an earlier wattle and daub church built by the early missionaries.In 2011 a new lighting system was installed at a cost of £17000 with financial support from Glastonbury Festival and Viridor Landfill Communities Fund.The Anglican parish is part of the benfice of Pilton with Croscombe North Wootton and Dinder within the archdeaconry of Wells.
 Sasuke Inari Shrine (佐助稲荷神社 Sasuke Inari Jinja) is a Shinto shrine in Kamakura and the site of the Hidden Village of Kamakura. It's located within a stone's throw of Zeniarai Benzaiten Ugafuku Shrine.
 Columbia Hall also known as NEHBS #HW04-056 is an historic building located in Dannebrog Nebraska United States that was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 22 2005. The building was built by the Danish Brotherhood in America to serve as a meeting hall for the Danish community and the building currently serves as a tourist center and hosts an archive on Danish American history.
 The Museum of Northern History is a historic house museum located in Kirkland Lake Ontario Canada with approximately 5000 pieces showcasing the history of northern Ontario in particular relation to mining. The museum is located in the Sir Harry Oakes Chateau. The museum also holds art exhibitions showcasing the local talent of Kirkland Lake.
 St. Denis' Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Hopewell Junction Dutchess County New York City. It was established in 1899 as a parish; it was established a mission of St. Mary in Wappingers Falls in 1874 until being elevated in a parish in 1899.
 The Norfolk Hotel is located on the corner of South Terrace and Norfolk Street in Fremantle Western Australia. The stone built hotel was originally constructed in 1887 before the 1893 Kalgoorlie gold rush for George Alfred Davies a vintner local councillor and Mayor of Fremantle. For most of its life it was known as the Oddfellows Hotel; it was renamed when it was substantially renovated in 1985.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Sacred Heart and of Saint Mary His Mother better known as Sacred Heart Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral on Hill Street Thorndon in Wellington New Zealand. It is the cathedral of the Archbishop of Wellington. The church was popularly known as the basilica because of its architectural style (has not been declared a minor basilica by the Vatican.) before it was designated as the cathedral of Wellington in 1983.
 The Woolworth F.W. Building was a historic department store building located in Lexington Kentucky that served as a retail location for the F. W. Woolworth Company from 1946 to 1990. It was designed by Frederick W. Garber.The store was the site of civil rights protests against segregation during the 1960s. After 1990 the city government favored creating a business incubator on the site. However the building was demolished in 2004 and turned into a parking lot.
 McClintock Hall also known as McClintock House is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1841 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular brick building in the Greek Revival style. It was renovated in 1863 to take its present appearance.
 Medway Maritime Hospital is a general hospital in Gillingham England within the NHS South East Coast. It is run by Medway NHS which is a foundation trust. It is Kent's largest and busiest hospital dealing with around 400000 patients annually. It was founded as the Royal Naval Hospital in 1902 for the Naval personnel at the Chatham Dockyard.
 Questacon – the National Science and Technology Centre is located on the southern shore of Lake Burley Griffin in Canberra Australia. It is a large centre with more than 200 interactive exhibits relating to science and technology. It has many science programs that are devoted to inspiring the children of Australia to love science.
 The Starke Round Barn near Red Cloud Nebraska United States is a round barn that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Gardencourt is an historic site at 10 Gibson Avenue in Narragansett Rhode Island.The site was built by Williams Gibbons Preston in 1888 in a Shingle style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Newham University Hospital is situated in Plaistow Newham east London England. When it opened in 1983 it provided centralized services for the population of Newham replacing Queen Mary's Hospital for the East End in Stratford and East Ham Memorial Hospital both of which closed.
 Coraopolis Armory is an armory located at 835 5th Avenue in Coraopolis Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1991It houses the Headquarters Company 28th Signal Battalion Pennsylvania National Guard Army Reserve.
 The Arnoldus Vander Horst House (also known as Kiawah House) is on Kiawah Island South Carolina. It was built on property formerly owned by James Stanyarne. It is the oldest remaining plantation house on Kiawah Island. Of frame-and-clapboard construction it is a two-and-one-half story gable structure above a full arcaded ground floor of brick in Flemish bond.
 Dumbarton House is a Federal style house located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C.. It was completed around 1800. Its first occupant was Joseph Nourse the first Register of the Treasury.The home was purchased by the National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in 1928 and opened to the public in 1932.
 Christiansborg Palace (Danish: Christiansborg Slot; pronounced [krɪsdjænsˈbɔːɐ̯ˀ]) on the islet of Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen is the seat of the Danish Parliament the Danish Prime Minister's Office and the Danish Supreme Court.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Ransom Vallarpadam-Ernakulam is a famous centre of pilgrimage. People from all parts of Kerala and outside irrespective of caste or creed go to the church to seek the blessings of Mary the mother of Jesus popularly known as Vallarpadathamma.This is an ancient Christian Church built in 1524. Portuguese merchants headed by Vasco da Gama enthroned this miraculous picture of Our lady of Ransom at the shrine.
 Anshei Glen Wild Synagogue is located on Glen Wild Road Sullivan County Route 58 in the unincorporated community of Glen Wild New York United States. It is a small Orthodox synagogue built in the early 1920s for a congregation established during the previous decade.It was founded by a local family and has never had its own rabbi. The synagogue is preserved virtually intact from the time of its construction and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Meadville Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Meadville Crawford County Pennsylvania. The district is centered on Diamond Park and includes 81 contributing buildings and 18 contributing sites in the central business district of Meadville. It includes a mix of commercial industrial and governmental / institutional buildings built between about 1800 and 1940.
 The Nicolaïkerk (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈnikoːlɑiˌkɛrk]; English: Nicholas Church) is a Romano-Gothic hall church in Appingedam in the Netherlands. The church is used by the Protestant Church in the Netherlands. The building is a rijksmonument (national heritage site) since 1968 and one of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites that was selected in 1990.
 Bethel A.M.E. Church now known as the Central Pennsylvania African American Museum is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church at 119 North 10th Street in Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was originally built in 1837 and is a 2 1/2-story brick and stucco building with a gable roof. It was rebuilt about 1867-1869 and remodeled in 1889. It features a three-story brick tower with a pyramidal roof and topped by a finial.
 The Masonic Temple Building in East Lansing Michigan is a building from 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. As of 2012 the building had been converted to residential and office use and the local Masons meet in another building nearby.
 Andørja Church (Norwegian: Andørja kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Engenes on the northwestern tip of the island of Andørja. The church is part of the Andørja parish (encompassing the island of Andørja) in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1914. It seats about 325 people.
 Volusia Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Daytona Beach Florida. It is the largest retail shopping center in the Volusia-Flagler market. Opened October 15 1974 the mall comprises more than 120 stores on one level as well as a food court. Anchor stores are JCPenney Macy's Sears and three Dillard's locations. The mall is owned and managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 The Land Titles Building is located at 350 12th Street East in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. The federal government architect Thomas Fuller designed the building. The building is a designated Heritage Property.
 Nantes Cathedral or the Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul Nantes (French: Cathédrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul de Nantes) is a Gothic Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Nantes Pays de la Loire France. The construction of the cathedral began in 1434 on the site of a Romanesque cathedral and took 457 years to finish finally reaching completion in 1891.
 ICI House (now Orica House) is a 20-storey office building in East Melbourne Victoria Australia. It was the tallest building in Australia upon completion in 1958 and the first to break Melbourne's long standing height limit. It was one of the earliest fully glazed commercial skyscrapers in Australia. The move from low to high-rise office buildings changed the profile shape and landscape of Australia's major urban centres forever.
 Bacon-Merchant-Moss House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a Federal style stone structure built in 1832. A narrow attic crawlspace is believed to have been used to hide slaves escaping to Canada on the Underground Railroad. The YWCA purchased the building in 1927 and it continues to be owned by that organization.
 St Andrew's Church Oxford is an evangelical bible-teaching Church of England parish church in Oxford England. It was consecrated in 1907 and is located on the southeast corner of Linton Road and Northmoor Road in the suburb of North Oxford.
 The Academy Hill Historic District is a historic district on Massachusetts Route 28 in Andover Massachusetts. It encompasses the historic campuses of three important 18th and 19th century academic institutions which shaped not only town but the nation's educational systems.The first school established in Andover was the Phillips Academy established in 1778. Its campus includes a number of notable buildings from two important building phases.
 The Woodmen of the World Lodge--Phoenix Camp No. 32 also known as Heritage Museum of Orange was a building in Orange Texas. It was built in 1915 and served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The building suffered damage during Hurricane Rita in 2005 but was repaired within a year. It was again damaged in 2008 during Hurricane Ike.
 The Camborne Redruth Community Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in Cornwall UK.
 Sedgwick House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It was built between 1840 and 1854 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Italianate style brick dwelling coated with stucco. The low pitched hipped roof features a prominent cupola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Andrew Mann Inn is a historic inn and tavern building located at Unadilla in Otsego County New York. It was built as an inn in 1795 and consists of a two story five bay rectangular main section and a one story wing. Both sections are of heavy timber frame construction with clapboard siding. It is a well preserved example of the transitional period between the late Georgian and Federal styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Central Street School is an historic school located at 379 Central Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The school was constructed in 1881 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979.
 The Palazzo Versace (meaning Versace Palace) is a luxury hotel located on the Southport Spit at Main Beach on the Gold Coast Queensland Australia.
 Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse is a historic district including a dam and gatehouse at the end of Framingham Reservoir No. 1 off Winter Street and north of Long Avenue in Framingham Massachusetts.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Chinook Regional Hospital is the main hospital in southern Alberta and offers many of the health care services for Alberta Health Services. The hospital services a population of over 150000 and is supported by the Chinook Regional Hospital Foundation.
 Château du Hâ is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Geno's Steaks is a Philadelphia Pennsylvania restaurant specializing in cheesesteaks founded in 1966 by Joey Vento. Geno's is located in South Philadelphia at the intersection of 9th Street and Passyunk Avenue directly across the street from rival Pat's King of Steaks which claims to have invented the steak sandwich in 1933. The cheesesteak has since become a signature dish for the city of Philadelphia.
 The Wells Fargo Tower formerly known as the First Union Signet Tower Wachovia Tower and Union Trust Building is a commercial high-rise in Baltimore Maryland. The building rises 24 floors above street level and is 330 feet (101 m) in height; it is tied with Charles Center South as the 17th-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1985. The Wells Fargo Tower was developed by the Dallas-based Trammell Crow Company and is currently owned by the Wells Fargo and Company.
 McManus Galleries is a Gothic Revival-style building located in the centre of Dundee Scotland. The building houses a museum and art gallery with a collection of fine and decorative art as well as a natural history collection. The concept for the building was originally commissioned as a memorial to Prince Albert and intended to contain room for lectures museum picture gallery and a reference library for students by British Association for the Advancement of Science.
 The Bradley-Wheeler House also known as the Charles B. Wheeler House is an historic house located at 25 Avery Place in Westport Connecticut.On July 5 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The White-Meyer House is an historic house located at 1624 Crescent Place Northwest Washington D.C. in the Adams Morgan neighborhood.
 The Mausoleum of Ayatollah Khomeini houses the tomb of Ruhollah Khomeini his wife Khadijeh Saqafi and Ahmad Khomeini his second son who died in 1995. It is located to the south of Tehran in the Behesht-e Zahra (the Paradise of Zahra) cemetery. Construction commenced in 1989 following Khomeini's death on June 3 of that year.
 Cashtown Inn is a historic bed & breakfast located in Cashtown Pennsylvania about 8 miles from Gettysburg. The current owners are Jack and Maria Paladino. The official website is http://www.cashtowninn.com/
 Baird Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1930 and is a two story side gabled Colonial Revival style house based on a rectangular floor plan with a two story end porch. It sits on a concrete foundation and is sided in clapboard and asphalt shingles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Eberhardt Hall originally the Newark Orphan Asylum is the oldest building at the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT). It is located at 323 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. (formerly High Street) in the University Heights section of Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. Built in the 1856-57 its original purpose was to serve as the Newark Orphan Asylum.
 The Church of St Mary Magdalene in Taunton Somerset England was completed in 1508 in Early Tudor Perpendicular Gothic style and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
 The Bridge No. L-5573 also known as the Clinton Falls Bridge and Old Mill Bridge is a historic Pratt through truss steel bridge that spans the Straight River in Clinton Falls Township Steele County Minnesota. The public bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 25 1997.
 Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District is a historic district located on Quequechan Jefferson and Stevens Streets between Interstate-195 and Denver Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Château de la Chalupie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Woodlawn Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Woodlawn Street in Clinton Massachusetts. The oldest portion was laid out in 1853 in the rural cemetery style popular at the time. It occupies a hilly parcel of over 33 acres (13 ha) about 1 mile (1.6 km) from the center of town. It was expanded twice in the 1890s and in the 1920s.The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 23 2013.
 United Congregational Church (formerly First Congregational Church and Second Congregational Church) built in 1857 is a historic church in Newport Rhode Island. As of 2009 the congregation is affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
 The Old M-95–Michigamme River Bridgeis a bridge located on Old M-95 as it passes over the Michigamme River in Republic Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Hatch's Department Store is a historic U.S. building in West Palm Beach Florida. It is located at 301-307 Clematis Street. On April 14 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Belvidere Hill Historic District is a residential area on the east side of Lowell Massachusetts known for its fine 19th-century houses. The area is roughly bounded by Wyman Belmont Fairview and Nesmith Streets and encompasses the highest points in the city whose views provided the impetus for building fashionable and expensive houses there. This area is where the city's economic and political leaders lived beginning roughly in the 1850s.
 Torre Millenium is a skyscraper in Sabadell Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2002 has 22 floors and rises 90 metres. Lies near other two skyscrapers: Paddock Bulevard and Les Orenetes de l'Eix.
 The Wainwright Building (also known as the Wainwright State Office Building) is a 10-story red brick office building at 709 Chestnut Street in downtown St. Louis Missouri. The Wainwright Building is among the first skyscrapers in the world. It was designed by Dankmar Adler and Louis Sullivan in the Palazzo style and built between 1890 and 1891.
 The Matsuyama City Shiki Memorial Museum (子規記念博物館 Shiki Kinen Hakubutsukan) is a museum devoted mainly to the life and work of Japanese writer Masaoka Shiki who was born and raised in Matsuyama. Shiki is widely considered to be the most important figure in the modernization of both haiku and tanka poetry. The museum also includes exhibits about the early history of Matsuyama.
 Penrose Hospital is a hospital located in Colorado Springs Colorado and owned by Penrose-St. Francis Health Services.
 Trenton Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 142 E. Hanover Street in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1739 and is still in use today as a Quaker Meeting House.[citation needed] It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Palace Albanija (Serbian: Палата »Албанија« Palata »Albanija«) is a high-rise building in Belgrade Serbia. Opened in 1940 it holds the distinction of being the first skyscraper built in Southeast Europe. It is located at the north-west end of Terazije square. It was finished in 1940. It was designed by Miladin Prljević and Đorđe Lazarević based on the 1938 project by Branko Bon and Milan Grakalić.
 10 Admiral Grove a property in Dingle Liverpool England is the house in which Ringo Starr lived for twenty years before he rose to fame with the Beatles.On 7 July 1940 Richard Starkey (later known as Ringo Starr) was born at 9 Madryn Street in the Liverpool neighbourhood known as the Dingle. The neighbourhood was damaged by German bombing during World War II. His father also Richard and mother Elsie Starkey rented a house at 9 Madryn Street for 10 shillings (£0.50) a week.
 Burg Pürnstein is a castle in Upper Austria Austria.
 OpernTurm (English: Opera Tower) is a 43-storey 170 m (560 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. The property is situated opposite Alte Oper on the corner of Bockenheimer Landstraße and Bockenheimer Anlage. The building was designed by Christoph Mäckler. The project developer was Tishman Speyer a US firm that previously built the Sony Center in Berlin and the Messeturm in Frankfurt.
 Hajoca Corporation Headquarters and Showroom is a historic commercial building located in the University City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1921 and expanded in 1930. It is a two-story flat roofed building in the Art Deco style. It is clad in limestone and features decorative brickwork. The building houses the World Cafe Live a live music venue dedicated to showcasing live music.
 Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican church in Blackpool Lancashire England. Completed in 1895 the present church replaced one from 1836. Designed by Richard Knill Freeman in the Decorated Gothic style it has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Blackpool.
 St Andrew Holborn is a Church of England church on the northwestern edge of the City of London on Holborn within the Ward of Farringdon Without.
 HM Prison Blantyre House is a Category C/D men's prison located on the outskirts of Goudhurst in Kent England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Hôtel de Caumont is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 The Museum of English Rural Life (MERL) is a museum dedicated to recording the changing face of farming and the countryside in England. It houses designated collections of national importance that span the full range of objects archives photographs film and books.The museum is run by the University of Reading and is situated in Redlands Road to the rear of that institution's London Road Campus near to the centre of Reading in southern England.
 Manchester Airport City is a proposed £800 million expansion of Manchester Airport. The plan will follow an airport city model with the aim of stimulating the Greater Manchester economy by creating on-site logistics manufacturing office and leisure facilities.
 Illa del Mar (Sea Island) is a complex of four buildings including two skyscrapers located in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. The tallest skyscrapers is Illa del Mar 1 with 99 meters (325 feet) tall and has 29 floors and Illa del Mar 2 with 77 meters tall and has 23 floors. The Illa del Mar complex is located in the district of Sant Martí on Passeig del Taulat street.
 NTT Medical Center Tokyo (NTT東日本関東病院) is a general hospital located in the Gotanda district of Shinagawa Tokyo Japan. It was founded as Kanto Teishin Hospital for employees of NTT Public Corporation in 1952 and was opened to general public in 1986. The present hospital building was renovated in 2000. It was accredited by Joint Commission International in 2011.
 The Federal Kuala Lumpur is an international-class hotel located on Kuala Lumpur's fledging Bukit Bintang district. It is owned by multinational hospitality group Federal Hotels International which owns the Capitol Hotel nearby. It hosts post-independence Malaya's first revolving restaurant.
 The Church of St Cross Middleton is a church in Middleton Leeds West Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican church and part of the Armley deanery in the archdeaconry of Leeds Diocese of Leeds.
 Sydney Children's Hospital is an Australian children's hospital located in the eastern suburbs of Sydney New South Wales.On 1 July 2010 it became part of the newly formed 'Sydney Children's Hospital Network (Randwick and Westmead) incorporating the Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children'.The Sydney Children's Hospital is located approximately 6 kilometres from the Sydney Central Business District in the suburb of Randwick.
 The Park Slope Jewish Center known from 1942 to 1960 as Congregation B'nai Jacob - Tifereth Israel is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 1320 Eighth Avenue in South Slope Brooklyn New York City. It was built in 1925 as the orthodox Congregation B'nai Jacob and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick building with Romanesque and Baroque style elements.
 The Northeast Bartow Residential District is a historic district in Bartow Florida. Composed of an area bounded by Jackson and 1st Avenues and by Church and Boulevard Streets the district includes twenty-six contributing properties. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 St. Agatha's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 144 Circle Drive in DeFuniak Springs Florida in the United States. It is a contributing property in the DeFuniak Springs Historic District.
 The Lombard Building is a Victorian era building built between 1889 and 1890 within the Melbourne CBD in Victoria Australia. It was designed by the architectural practice of Reed Henderson & Smart (1883–1890) now known as Bates Smart. The building was built to house several office practices which it still operates as today.
 Barton Arcade in Deansgate Manchester England is a Victorian shopping arcade between Deansgate and St Ann's Square. The arcade was listed as a Grade II* listed building on the 25 January 1972. The listing includes the block of shops (Barton's Building) and offices enclosing the arcades. It was constructed by Corbett Raby and Sawyer in 1871. Hartwell describes the Barton's Building facade as utterly ignorant..
 House at 60 William Street is a historic house at 19 Jefferson Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton Massachusetts. It is listed at 60 William Street in Massachusetts cultural inventory and National Register listings. Built in 1850 it is a well-preserved example of a modest Italianate wood frame house.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 1620 L Street is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. The building rises 12 floors and 157 feet (48 m) in height. The building was designed by architectural firm Smith Segreti Tepper McMahon & Harned and was completed in 1989.
 Moscow Cathedral Mosque was a historical mosque in Moscow Russia. It was built in 1904 and demolished in 2011. At the time it was demolished it was one of the four mosques in Moscow. It was located on Olimpiysky Avenue close to the Olympic indoor stadium in the center of Moscow.Socially the Moscow Congregational Mosque was often viewed as the central mosque in Russia.
 Mineral Hall in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Ivey Delph Apartments is a historic apartment building located in Hamilton Heights New York New York. It was designed by noted African American architect Vertner Woodson Tandy (1885 – 1949) in 1948 and completed in 1951. It is a six story beige brick and concrete building in the Moderne style. It is a three bay wide building and the center bay features projecting balconies with curved ends and topped by curved iron railings with two horizontal bars.
 Tour Triangle also known as Projet Triangle or simply Triangle is a proposed skyscraper located in the exhibition site Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles Paris France. Designed by the Swiss agency Herzog & de Meuron it will take the shape of a 180m tall glass pyramid with trapezoid base wide from one side and narrow from another.
 The Städel officially the Städelsches Kunstinstitut und Städtische Galerie is an art museum in Frankfurt am Main with one of the most important collections in Germany.The Städel owns 2700 paintings (of which 600 are displayed) and a collection of 100000 drawings and prints as well as 600 sculptures. It has around 4000 m² of display and a library of 100000 books and 400 periodicals.
 W.T. Cowles House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story vernacular Queen Anne–style residence. It features a porch and roof with gable and jerkin head dormers. It also has some Colonial Revival style design elements.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Scotty's Castle is a two-story Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style villa located in the Grapevine Mountains of northern Death Valley in Death Valley National Park California U.S.. It is also known as Death Valley Ranch. Scotty's Castle is not a real castle and it did not belong to the Scotty from whom it got its name.
 The Tempietto di Santa Croce is a small octagonal Romanesque chapel found in the upper city of Bergamo near the Santa Maria Maggiore. The original building was constructed in the first half of the 11th century though first documentation of the structure date to 1133.Other Romanesque structures in the province include the Rotonda di San Tomè the Basilica di Santa Giulia and the Priorato di Sant'Egidio.
 The Sadberk Hanım Museum (Turkish: Sadberk Hanım Müzesi) is a private museum located at the Bosporus in Büyükdere neighborhood of Sarıyer district in Istanbul Turkey which was established by the Vehbi Koç Foundation in memory of Vehbi Koç’s deceased wife Sadberk. The museum is open every day except Wednesdays.
 The Adolphus W. Brower House in Sycamore Illinois has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since February 14 1979. The home is located on Illinois Route 64 as it passes through the DeKalb County seat of Sycamore as DeKalb Avenue. The Italianate structure constructed of stone and asphalt was erected in 1876 by Sycamore merchant Adolphus W. Brower. It is also known as the George F. Beasley House.
 West Virginia Children's Home is a national historic district located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It encompasses two contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The original Children's Home building was built in 1909 with a main section and rear ell in the Colonial Revival style. An upper story to the ell was added by 1918 and an addition was built in 1935. The front facade features a portico with Corinthian order columns.
 Clarissa C. Cook Library/Blue Ribbon News Building was located at 528 Brady Street Davenport Iowa United States. It was noted on the National Register of Historic Places in April 1983 as Cook Memorial Library and listed in July 1983 under the Clarissa C. Cook Library/Blue Ribbon News Bldg. name. It has subsequently been torn down.
 The Iowa Building is an historic structure located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Waldensian Church and Cemetery of Stone Prairie (The Waldensian Presbyterian Church and Cemetery) is a historic Waldensian church in Monett Missouri.
 The Dowe Historic District is a 1-acre (0.40 ha) historic district in Montgomery Alabama. It includes 320 and 334 Washington Avenue and 114–116 South Hull Street. The architectural style of the four contributing buildings ranges from Greek Revival to Queen Anne. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 1988.
 The Eagles Temple or Eagles' Temple in Canton Ohio is a Spanish Colonial Revival building built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Barnabas' Church Chester is a redundant Anglican church in Sibell Street Chester Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The church was built as a mission church financed from public subscription to serve the workers living near Chester railway station. The church and the adjacent curate's house were designed by John Douglas in 1877.The church is built in brick with stone dressings. The house is also in brick with a timber-framed front.
 The Regions Bank Building previously known as the Merchants National Bank Building and the First Alabama Bank Building is a high-rise in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. Completed in 1929 the building rises 236 feet (72 m) and 18 stories. Upon its completion the Merchants National Bank Building became the tallest building in Mobile the seventh-tallest building in the state of Alabama and the tallest skyscraper in the state outside of Birmingham.
 Tower Verre also known as the MoMA Expansion Tower and 53 West 53rd Street is a supertall skyscraper proposed by the real estate company Hines to rise in midtown Manhattan New York City adjacent to the Museum of Modern Art.The building designed by Jean Nouvel initially was proposed to stand 1250 feet (380 m) tall (the same height as the roof height of the Empire State Building) and contain 82 floors.The building has run into considerable opposition focusing on fears that it would cast a shadow over Central Park during the winter and that its mid-block location would create traffic problems. 
 The Foster County Courthouse in Carrington North Dakota was built in 1909. It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The listing includes two contributing buildings.The listing includes the courthouse and also a sheriff's residence/jail building to its north which is a two-story brick building.
 Church of the Guardian Angel is a historic church at 5614 Demel Street in Wallis Texas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The McDonough County Courthouse is located in the McDonough County city of Macomb in the U.S. state of Illinois. The courthouse was constructed in 1871. Architect Elijah E. Myers designed the building in the Second Empire style; the courthouse is one of the few remaining Second Empire buildings in the county.The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Terminal Tower is a 52-story 235 m (771 ft) landmark skyscraper located on Public Square in downtown Cleveland Ohio. It was built during the skyscraper boom of the 1920s and 1930s and was the fourth-tallest building in the world when it was officially dedicated on June 28 1930. Only three buildings in New York City were taller than its 708 feet (216 m) 52-floor frame.
 Tubbs/Carlisle House or Tubbs House or Tubbs/Revier House is an historic house in Lubbock Texas. It is a memorial to the perspicacity work ethic and dedication of the Pioneers who tamed settled and developed the last frontier known as 'The Great American Desert' referred to generally as The Great Plains of the United States and Canada.
 The Caldwell County Courthouse in Lenoir North Carolina was designed by Wheeler & Runge in Classical Revival style. It was built in 1905.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included one contributing building and two contributing objects.
 Christ Church Chilwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Chilwell Nottinghamshire.
 The Halal Guys (commonly known as Chicken and Rice 53rd and 6th or Platters) is a halal gyros stand on the south-west corner of 53rd Street and 6th Avenue in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. The stand is located NYC's Theater District.The cart is most recognized by its primary dish which is a platter of chicken and/or gyro meat with rice while it also serves a chicken and/or gyro wrap. The cart opens from 7:00 pm and does not close until 4 am.
 Batu Pahat Mall (BP Mall) is the largest shopping mall in Bandar Penggaram Batu Pahat and the 4th largest shopping mall in Johor state.
 Bridge in Bangor Borough is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning Martins Creek at Bangor Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1915 and is a small single arched bridge spanning 45 feet. It features molded ornamental designs on the spandrel walls and abutments.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Deane Winthrop House is an historic house at 34 Shirley Street in Winthrop Massachusetts. Deane Winthrop (1623–1704) was the son of the second colonial Governor of Massachusetts John Winthrop.The oldest part of the house was built about 1675 with an addition made in 1696. It is currently owned by the Winthrop Improvement and Historical Association and is open to visitors by appointment.
 Lackawanna Terminal is a small shopping mall in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States originally built as a railroad station in 1913 on the Montclair Branch of the Delaware Lackawanna and Western Railroad. The station building was built of brick and followed a Grecian-Doric style of architecture. The station had six tracks and electric service began in 1930. It and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 8 1973.
 Riverside Cemetery is a cemetery located in Jackson Tennessee. It is located few blocks south of the Madison County Courthouse separated from Riverside Drive by a five-foot-high red brick wall. The City of Jackson established Riverside Cemetery in 1824 to replace the original municipal graveyard founded a few years earlier. Most remains from the earlier cemetery were reinterred at Riverside either when it opened or in 1871-72. The oldest legible marker is for Mary Jane Butler (died 1824).
 The John C. Williams House (also known as the Manhattan Hotel or Williams Mansion) is a historic home in St. Petersburg Florida. Originally located at 444 5th Avenue South it was subsequently purchased by the University of South Florida and moved to 511 Second Street South on the Bayboro campus. On April 24 1975 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Thomas House is a historic home located at Ruthsburg Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is distinguished by a stepped two-part plan designed to represent two separate building phases and to have the appearance of a Federal brick townhouse with a lower two-story wing. It appears to have been built between 1798 and 1821.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Mariposa Grove is a sequoia grove located near Wawona California United States in the southernmost part of Yosemite National Park. It is the largest grove of Giant Sequoias in the park with several hundred mature examples of the tree. Two of its trees are among the 30 largest Giant Sequoias in the world.The Mariposa Grove was first visited by non-natives in 1857 when Galen Clark and Milton Mann found it.
 Century III Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the southern suburb of West Mifflin Pennsylvania. It is the fourth largest shopping mall in the Greater Pittsburgh area. Opened in 1979 and remodeled in 1997 the three-level mall contains 1290000 square feet (120000 m2) of retail space and approximately 85 stores. Anchor retailers at Century III Mall include Dick's Sporting Goods J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears.
 Maycroft is a historic estate located at North Haven in Suffolk County New York. The main house was built in 1886 and is a massive Queen Anne / Shingle Style frame residence. It features horizontal massing asymmetrical composition high-pitched multigabled roof prominent tower and chimneys and multi-paned window sash. Also on the property are a carriage house tennis pavilion brick garage and frame storage shed.
 The Naval War College (NWC or NAVWARCOL) is the staff college and Home of Thought for the United States Navy in Newport Rhode Island. The NWC educates and develops leaders supports defining the future Navy and associated roles and missions supports combat readiness and strengthens global maritime partnerships. The current president is Rear Admiral Walter E. Ted Carter a 1981 graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy.
 Kaunas Synagogue (Lithuanian: Kauno choralinė sinagoga) is one of two operating choral synagogues in Lithuania. It is located in Centras eldership Kaunas. The Neo-Baroque synagogue was built in 1872.
 Beijing Yintai Centre Tower 2 (simplified Chinese: 北京银泰中心 2; traditional Chinese: 北京銀泰中心 2; pinyin: Běijīng Yíntài Zhōngxīn Èr) is a 63-floor 250 meter (820 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2007 located in Beijing Yintai Centre Beijing China.
 The McDonough Museum of Art is a center for contemporary art located in Youngstown Ohio USA on the campus of Youngstown State University (YSU). Opened in 1991 in a building designed by Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects the museum focuses on contemporary art through exhibits and art education. The origins of the museum begin in 1986 through the donations and efforts of local physician and art collector John J.
 The William Williams House in Lebanon Connecticut is a site significant as the former residence from 1755 until his death of William Williams (1731–1811) who was a delegate from Connecticut to the Continental Congress and a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The house was on the route of Rochambeau's army in 1781 and/or 1782.The house is now a private residence.
 The James Martin House built circa 1790 is the only remaining representative of a gambrel-roof timber frame dwelling on the lower Eastern Shore of Maryland. Two other buildings of similar form Pemberton Hall and Bryan's Manor are brick buildings. The interior retains much of its original raised-panel woodwork.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Fish Express is an eatery at 5-3343 Kuhio Highway in Lihue in Kauai known for its ahi poke and sashimi.
 The Sacandaga Railroad Station is a historic train station located in Sacadaga Park Fulton County New York. It was built in 1920 and is a one story rectangular hipped roof wood frame building 125 feet by 30 feet on a concrete slab foundation. It features exposed rafter ends small louvered dormers and broad eaves in the Shingle Style. In the 1950s it was converted for use as a stable.
 The Dallas Holocaust Museum/Center for Education & Tolerance is a Holocaust museum located in Dallas Texas. In 1977 125 Jewish Holocaust Survivors and North Texas residents joined together and formed an organization called Holocaust Survivors in Dallas. In 1984 the survivors along with national and North Texas benefactors established The Dallas Memorial Center for Holocaust Studies. The museum was located at the Dallas Jewish Community Center in North Dallas.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Wytheville Wythe County Virginia. The church was built between 1854 and 1857 and is a Classical Revival style brick church building on a limestone foundation. The front facade features a pedimented portico with a full entablature supported by four monumental Doric order columns of parged brick. Atop the slate roof is an octagonal cupola with arcaded belfry.
 Rapperswil Castle (Swiss German: Schloss Rapperswil) is a castle in the city of Rapperswil. It is located on the eastern shore of the Lake Zurich and belongs to the municipality of Rapperswil-Jona in the canton of St. Gallen Switzerland. Since 1870 the castle has been home to the Polish National Museum created by Polish émigrés including the castle's lessee and restorer Count Wladyslaw Broel-Plater. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 The small church of Saint Sarkis (Armenian: Սուրբ Սարգիս եկեղեցի; pronounced Surp Sarkis) is located in the foothills south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The structure was built between the 12th to 13th centuries and sits south of the village of Tsovinar on a promontory overlooking a small gorge. It has no dome and a nearly flat roof covered in living grass.
 The Edward R. Stearns House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming Ohio United States. Built at the turn of the twentieth century it was the home of a business baron and it has been designated a historic site.
 Church of Heavenly Peace (Chinese: 天安堂; Pinyin: Tiān'āntáng; Foochow Romanized: Tiĕng-ăng-dòng) also known as Church of Heavenly Rest or Tien Ang Tong is a Christian church in Fuzhou China.
 Tremont Nail Factory District is an historic district at 21 Elm Street in Wareham Massachusetts. It makes up the former area occupied by the former Tremont Nail Company.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Caldwell Memorial Hospital is a private not-for-profit community hospital located in Lenoir North Carolina U.S.A. Lenoir is the county seat of Caldwell County. The hospital's president and CEO is Laura J. Easton.
 The FM and TV mast Katowice / Kosztowy (RTCN Katowice / Kosztowy) is a 355 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Mysłowice - near Kosztowy Poland. It replaced the TVP Katowice Mast which was dismantled in the 1970s.The TVP Katowice Mast which it replaced was a 225 metre-high guyed steel framework mast with triangular cross section near Katowice Poland. It was not the transmission site for the medium-wave frequency 1080 kHz.
 New Berlin Presbyterian Church also known as New Berlin Community Center is a historic Presbyterian church located at Vine and High Streets in New Berlin Union County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1843 and is a one-story brick building three bays wide and four bays deep in the Greek Revival style. It features a portico supported by four Doric order columns and an octagonal cupola.
 The White Pines State Park Lodge and Cabins are located in rural Ogle County Illinois near the village of Mount Morris. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The Cabins are one of two Historic Places found in or near Mount Morris the other is the Samuel M. Hitt House. The Lodge and Cabins are part of a National Register Multiple Property Submission they were submitted with several other state park lodges all designed by Joseph F. Booton.
 Good Samaritan Hospital is a full-service hospital on the west side of Dayton Ohio. The hospital has 3300 employees and 577 beds. Good Samaritan Hospital as won numerous awards and is constantly recognized for its excellence in health care delivery and safety by places such as U.S. News & World Report HealthGrades and others.The hospital is a teaching hospital with the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University as the affiliated university.
 The Thomason Rice Barn is a building located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Nobelhuis is a house located in the Nobelstraat in The Hague the Netherlands. It is believed to be the oldest residential house in The Hague.
 Anaheim Regional Medical Center formerly known as Anaheim Memorial Medical Center is a 228 bed acute care hospital in North Anaheim California. It opened its doors in 1958 and serves the greater North Anaheim South Fullerton La Habra and La Mirada areas.
 Morris County Courthouse is located in Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. The courthouse was built in 1827 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 1977.
 The New South Wales Rail Transport Museum (NSWRTM) located in Thirlmere New South Wales is a museum dedicated to displaying locomotives passenger cars and freight rolling stock formerly operated by the New South Wales Government Railways (NSWGR) and various private operators. The collection features steam diesel and electric locomotives and other rolling stock. A large proportion of the collection is owned by RailCorp.
 St Fagans National History Museum (Welsh: Sain Ffagan: Amgueddfa Werin Cymru) commonly referred to as St Fagans after the village where it is located is an open-air museum in Cardiff chronicling the historical lifestyle culture and architecture of the Welsh people. The museum is part of Amgueddfa Cymru - National Museum Wales.It consists of more than forty re-erected buildings from various locations in Wales and is set in the grounds of St Fagans Castle an Elizabethan manor house.
 A Super Combat Center (SCC) was a planned Cold War command and control facility for 10 NORAD regions/Air Divisions in Canada and the United States. For installation in nuclear bunkers the command posts were to replace the last of the planned Air Defense Command Combat Centers to be built for vacuum tube AN/FSQ-8 Combat Control Centrals.
 Victoria Hospital is the main hospital for Blackpool and the Fylde Coast in Lancashire England.
 The Millender Center Apartments is an upscale residential skyscraper located at 555 Brush Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It is one of Detroit's tallest residential buildings standing at 33 floors.
 Seal Harbor Congregational Church is a historic church on ME 3 in Seal Harbor Maine.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The John B. Kelly House at 422 S. 200 West in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1865. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It was the home of John B. Kelly who had an early book binding and printing firm. It is one of only two known examples of its architectural type in Utah; the other the Alma Staker House in Mount Pleasant Utah is also NRHP-listed. It is a temple-form Greek Revival home that follows a pattern promoted by Minard Lafever.
 The Lincoln County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Kemmerer the county seat of Lincoln County Wyoming United States. The courthouse's architecture is an unusual mixture of the Beaux-Arts and Classical Revival styles. Built in 1925 it was designed by the Salt Lake City architectural company of Headlund & Watkins. Located at the intersection of Sage Avenue and Garnet Street the courthouse includes a high dome and classical façade supported by large brick walls.
 The James O. Maxwell Farmstead located in Haines Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the State of Minnesota. It is located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota the county seat of Hennepin County. Before its construction the Hennepin County government offices were housed in the Minneapolis City Hall-Hennepin County Courthouse.
 F.F. Tomek House also known as The Ship House or as the Ferdinand Frederick and Emily Tomek House is an example of Frank Lloyd Wright's prairie house. Designed in 1904 and construction finished in 1906 the Tomek House is a well-preserved example of this prairie house located in the Riverside (Illinois) National Historic Landmark District.
 Union Grange Hall is an historic wooden Grange hall located in the village of Slatersville in the town of North Smithfield Rhode Island. A contributing property in the Slatersville Historic District it was built in 1897 as St. Luke's Episcopal Mission and in 1920 it became Union Grange Hall. It is not currently being used.
 The James W. Hamer House is a historic home located near Little Rock Dillon County South Carolina. It was built in 1910-1911 and is a large two-story three bay brick-veneered Neo-Classical Revival style residence. It features four symmetrically-placed exterior end brick chimneys that rise through the boxed cornice entablature and soffit and tower above the massive hipped roofline to terminate with corbeled caps.
 The Hungarian Railway Museum (Hungarian: Magyar Vasúttörténeti Park) is a railway museum located in Budapest Hungary at a railway station of the Hungarian State Railways (MÁV). The museum covers more than 70000 square meters and it features over one hundred exhibits including railway vehicles and equipment.
 Montebrier is a historic plantation house in Brierfield Alabama. The 1 1⁄2-story frame structure was built circa 1853 by S.W. Mahan in a Gothic Revival cottage orné style. The house is notable for its use of lightly arched porch supports and wide eaves that may show the influence of Andrew Jackson Downing's The Architecture of Country Houses. It currently remains in the Mahan family as a private residence and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 The Blue Cross Blue Shield Tower (BCBS) is located on the north end of Grant Park along E. Randolph Street at the NE corner of Randolph and Columbus Drive in Chicago Illinois United States of America. It is home to the headquarters of Health Care Service Corporation. The building's address is 300 E. Randolph. The building is located next to the Aon Center and original plans hoped to connect the two buildings via an underground pedway but the plans never came to fruition.
 Sir Sunderlal Hospital is a teaching hospital affiliated with the Institute of Medical Sciences Banaras Hindu University (IMS-BHU) in Varanasi India. Located on the BHU campus it is the largest tertiary referral hospital in Eastern Uttar Pradesh state.
 The House at 6 Adams Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of the best examples of Shingle style architecture in the town. It was designed by Boston architect Robert Pote Wait and built in 1885-86 to be his own home. The area where it was built is known as Wakefield Park and was planned as a subdivision of upper middle class residences.
 The Tatev Monastery (Armenian: Տաթևի վանք) is a 9th-century monastery located on a large basalt plateau near the Tatev village in Syunik Province in southeastern Armenia. The term Tatev usually refers to the monastery. The monastic ensemble stands on the edge of a deep gorge of the Vorotan River. Tatev is known as the bishopric seat of Syunik and played a significant role in the history of the region as a center of economic political spiritual and cultural activity.
 The Mall of America (MoA) is a shopping mall owned by the Triple Five Group. It is located in Bloomington Minnesota (a suburb of the Twin Cities) southeast of the junction of Interstate 494 and Minnesota State Highway 77 north of the Minnesota River and across the interstate from the Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport. Opened in 1992 the mall receives over 40 million visitors annually the most of any mall in the world.
 Nemerlaer Castle is a 14th-century castle located in Haaren Netherlands.The castle is named after the river Nemer and after Laer which means clearing in the forest.It was first mentioned in 1303 as home of Knight Geerlinck van den Bossche.Currently the castle is still inhabited. In the basement is a café. In addition there are cultural and public activities such as exhibitions and concerts. The castle is also used for weddings.
 The Poffenberger Road Bridge near Jefferson Maryland is a wrought iron bridge by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company of Canton Ohio. The bridge is similar to the Fourpoints Bridge elsewhere in Frederick County. The bridge is a single-span double-intersection Pratt truss. It was built circa 1878 and remains in daily use.
 Taylor School is a former grade school building located in Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2005. There are four other former school buildings listed on the National Register in Davenport including Buchanan School Jackson School Pierce School No. 13 and Lincoln School.
 Wollaston Unitarian Church is a historic church building at 155 Beale Street in Quincy Massachusetts. It was built as the Wollaston Unitarian Church in 1888. The Wollaston Church merged with United First Parish Church in Quincy in 1960. The Beale Street building was purchased for $40000 by St. Catherine's Greek Orthodox Church of the South Shore. The dedication of St. Catherine's took place in November 1962 and the mortgage was ceremonially burned on October 4. 1964.St.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at 362 Lamoine Beach Road in East Lamoine Maine.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Oakley is a historic plantation home located at Heathsville Northumberland County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay Federal style frame dwelling. It is topped by a gabled standing seam metal roof. A frame two-story ell was added in 1898 and a one-story glass-enclosed porch in 1978. The front facade features a one-story tetrastyle porch. Also on the property are the contributing massive frame barn and 19th century frame shed.
 Bowling Heights is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story frame house constructed in 1877 in the High Victorian Gothic style.Bowling Heights was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Alfred Budge House in Paris Idaho located at N. 1st West at W. 1st North is a historic house that was built in 1880. It was renovated to include Second Empire styling--involving a mansard roof--at a later date. It is listed on the U.S.
 The Soldiers' Monument is a memorial consisting of three statues one in bronze and two in marble by sculptor Lorado Taft grouped around an exedra designed by the architectural firm of Pond and Pond. It is located in Oregon Illinois the county seat of Ogle County Illinois. It was dedicated in 1916. The sculpture is part of the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The district was designated and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
 The Kazoo Museum is a museum dedicated to the history of the kazoo located in Beaufort South Carolina. The museum houses one of the largest collections of kazoos in the world. Originally established in 2007 in Seattle Washington The Kazoo Museum opened in its current location in Beaufort on October 6 2010. The museum is located in the Kazoobie Kazoos Factory and features a collection of kazoos kazoo recordings and kazoo memorabilia.
 Adelaide Avenue School is a historic school building located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a one story polychrome brick structure on a raised basement. It features a variety of picturesque late 19th century decorative features in the Queen Anne style such as a multi-gabled roof surmounted by a louvred cupola.
 The Paramount Theater also known as The Playhouse is a historic performance theater located in Rutland Vermont. The theater hosts many events and performances and is a contributing property to the Rutland Downtown Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Château de Saumur originally built as a castle and later developed as a château is located in the French town of Saumur in the Maine-et-Loire département. It was originally constructed in the 10th century by Theobald I Count of Blois as a fortified stronghold against Norman predations. It overlooks the confluence of the Loire and the Thouet. In 1026 it came into the hands of Fulk Nerra count of Anjou who bequeathed it to his Plantagenet heirs.
 US Post Office-Dunkirk is a historic post office building located at Dunkirk in Chautauqua County New York. It was designed and built in 1928-1929 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James A. Wetmore. It is a two story brick structure with a one story rear wing in the Colonial Revival style.
 Chiang Mai Central Prison is a high-security prison in Chiang Mai Thailand currently under construction. The prison will have several separate sections.
 El Cortez was a landmark hotel in San Diego California. Built from 1926 to 1927 the El Cortez was the tallest building in San Diego when it opened. It sits atop a hill at the north end of Downtown San Diego where it dominated the city skyline for many years. From its opening in 1927 through the 1950s it was the most glamorous apartment-hotel in San Diego. The large El Cortez sign which is illuminated at night was added in 1937 and could be seen for miles.
 Southaven Towne Center is an open-air regional lifestyle center located in the Memphis Tennessee suburb of Southaven Mississippi. The shopping center is owned and managed by CBL & Associates who developed the property and opened it in October 2005. It was reported that upon opening the Southaven Towne Center was expected to contribute 1000 jobs to the local economy. This facility marks a first for CBL & Associates it is their first foray into the lifestyle center property type.
 Abbott-Page House is a registered historic building near Milan Ohio listed in the National Register on 27 May 1975. It was historically used as a single dwelling.
 Immanuel Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a Tudor Revival style church building that consists of a one and half story front gable auditorium connected to a T-plan 2 1⁄2-story school wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Bell House also known as the summer home of Alexander Graham Bell is a historic home located at Colonial Beach Westmoreland County Virginia. It was built between 1883 and 1885 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay Stick Style frame dwelling. It features a wraparound porch with turned posts and sawn brackets and a central projecting tower with a pyramidal roof and balcony overhang. Also on the property are a contributing privy and garage (c. 1930).
 The Old Holy Trinity Church Wentworth is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Wentworth South Yorkshire England. It is partly in ruins and stands close to a newer church also dedicated to the Holy Trinity. The old church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Great Mosque of Algiers (Arabic: الجامع الكبير‎ Jemaa Kebir) or “Djama’a al-Kebir” (meaning Great Mosque) is a mosque in Algiers Algeria located very close to Algiers Harbor. An inscription on the minbar منبر) or the pulpit testifies to fact that the mosque was built in 1097. It is also known by several other names such as Grand Mosque d'Alger Djamaa al-Kebir El Kebir Mosque and Jami Masjid. It is one of the few remaining examples of Almoravid architecture.
 The Republican Schoolhouse also known as Little White Schoolhouse or Birthplace of the Republican Party in Ripon Wisconsin is a National Historic Landmark. Now located at the southeast corner of Blackburn and Blossom Streets in Ripon it has been moved several times.
 Lyon Armenian Genocide Memorial (French: Memorial Lyonnais du genocide des Armeniens) was erected in 2006 in central Lyon France in memory of the victims of the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire in 1915 and the following years.The memorial is located near Place Bellecour the main square of Lyon. It was designed by Leonardo Basmadyian and includes 36 white concrete pieces supported by stones from Armenia.
 St. John’s Rehab part of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is solely dedicated to specialized rehabilitation.
 William G. Morgan House also known as Morgan Acres is a historic home located at Bunker Hill Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1849 and is a two story nine bay brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It is a long narrow building with a central block and side wings measuring 75 feet long and 21 feet deep. It features a one story entrance portico with Doric order columns. The entrance has a Chinese Chippendale transom.
 West Berkshire Community Hospital is a small hospital in West Berkshire England. The complex opened on 1 March 2004 to replace the services previously provided by Newbury and Sandleford hospitals.The hospital is located in the Benham Hill area of Thatcham situated just north of the A4 road. Technically the address of the hospital is incorrect as it lies within the town boundaries of Newbury (Clay Hill Ward) but due to an oversight by the Post Office it was given a Thatcham address.
 The Fort Worth Museum of Science and History is located on 1600 Gendy Street Fort Worth Texas 76107 in the city's Cultural District. It was opened in 1945 as the Fort Worth Children's Museum and moved to its current location in 1954. In 1968 the museum adopted its current name.
 The Great Pyramid Monument is a German proposal for a mausoleum patterned after the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt.
 The Saint Mary Ranger Station (or St. Mary) is a ranger station in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The National Park Service Rustic log cabin was built in 1913 on the east side of the park overloooking Upper Saint Mary Lake. It is one of the oldest administrative structures in the park.
 The Paseo YMCA is a U.S. historic YMCA in Kansas City Missouri.
 Goodnow Hall is a co-ed residence hall in the Kramer Complex at Kansas State University. It is located on the West side of Kansas State's Manhattan Kansas campus next to Marlatt Hall on the corner of Denison Avenue and Claflin Road. It has a residence of approximately 600 students and is renowned for its high concentration of Engineering and Architectural students.
 The Cathedral of the Most Blessed Sacrament is a decorated Gothic Revival style Roman Catholic cathedral church in the United States. It is the seat of the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Detroit.
 Government Royapettah Hospital is a major state-owned hospital situated in Royapettah in Chennai India. The hospital with 712 beds is funded and managed by the state government of Tamil Nadu. It was founded in 1911 and is attached to Directorate of Medical Education. It is the city's largest peripheral hospital and its limit extends up to Chengalpattu.
 Burgruine Senftenberg is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 The Athletic Club of Columbus or ACC is a private social club and athletic club in Columbus Ohio USA. Located at 136 East Broad Street it was founded in 1912.The club occupies a six story building totaling 88000 square feet (8200 m2). The facility includes basketball and squash courts as well as a swimming pool bowling alley and three restaurants.
 The Hayward Hall of Justice is an Alameda County Superior Court building located in Hayward California. It is located in a complex of buildings which includes the Hayward Police Department Hayward Unified School District offices and the Hayward jail. Across Amador Street is a building which houses various social service offices including the General Assistance office for Hayward.
 The Castle of Paderne (Portuguese: Castelo de Paderne) is a 12th-century fortification located in the civil parish of Paderne municipality of Albufeira in the Portuguese Algarve. Built 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) from the coast in the second half of the 12th century by the Berbers it is just 82 kilometres (51 mi) from the resort town of Albufeira along a bend in the Quarteira River. It is believed to be one of the original castles that occupy the shield of the Portuguese national flag.
 Pan American C.M.A. Church (Christ Church) is a historic church at 76 Prospect Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Stoystown Historic District is a national historic district located at Stoystown in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 81 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 1 contributing object. It encompasses central business district and surrounding residential areas in Stoystown. They primarily date from the late-19th and early-20th century. Notable non-residential buildings include the Grace Lutheran Church (1888) St.
 Lexington Historic District in Lexington Mississippi is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Orchard Residences is a 56-storey 218 m (715 ft) high-rise residential condominium completed in 2010 located along the prime shopping district of Singapore on Orchard Road. The tower is the tallest building along the shopping district and has 175 residential units from the ninth to the 54th floor with four penthouse apartments. During the first phase of the sale 98 units were sold for an average of S$3213 per sq ft.
 Charlcote House also known as the James Swan Frick House is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story brick detached Classical Revival dwelling built about 1914-1916 in the Guilford development. It is one of the two identified domestic buildings in Maryland designed by John Russell Pope (the other is Woodend at Chevy Chase).Charlcote House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Nizamiye Masjid often called the Nizamiye Mosque is a mosque situated in the city of Midrand Johannesburg South Africa. It is the biggest mosque in the Southern Hemisphere occupying 10 hectares of land. The plans for the mosque were originally designed in Turkey. However a South African architect adapted the design to South African building standards. Construction began in October 2009 and was completed in 2012.
 Stanbury Cottage is a historic building at 232 St. George Street in St. Augustine Florida. It is part of the St. Augustine Town Plan Historic District. On October 8 2008 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Colleton County Courthouse was built in 1820. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. The building is located corner of Jeffries and Hampton Streets in Walterboro South Carolina. The building was put on the register as an example of the Greek Revival architecture and also due to its historical significance since the first meeting on nullification was held in the building in 1828.
 The Hubbard House is one of Hudson Illinois' United States Registered Historic Places the other one located along the same street is the Gildersleeve House. The Hubbard House is significant as the boyhood home of American writer and philosopher Elbert Hubbard. Hubbard lived in Hudson and attended school there he stayed in the village until he was 16. The original wing of the house was built in 1857 by a doctor from Buffalo New York Silas Hubbard.
 The heritage of the Old Presbyterian Meeting House in Alexandria Virginia dates from the early eighteenth century. Scottish Presbyterians were among the early European settlers of Northern Virginia and were involved in establishing Alexandria as a port in 1749. The Society of Presbyterians worshiped publicly in the city from the 1760s and the congregation’s first installed minister arrived in 1772.The Meeting House was erected in 1775.
 The Peary–MacMillan Arctic Museum is a museum located in Hubbard Hall at Bowdoin College in Brunswick Maine. Named after Arctic explorers and Bowdoin College graduates Robert E. Peary (Class of 1877) and Donald B. MacMillan (Class of 1898) it is one of two museums in the United States dedicated completely to Arctic Studies.
 The John Rogers Studio and Museum is the preserved studio in New Canaan Connecticut of sculptor John Rogers a popular American artist called the people's sculptor in the latter 19th century. Run as a museum by the New Canaan Historical Society the studio houses a collection of Rogers Groups—plaster statuettes often depicting two or more people.
 HM Prison Ford (informally known as Ford Open Prison) is a Category D men's prison located at Ford in West Sussex England near Arundel and Littlehampton. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Lange Voorhout 62 is a former mansion on the Lange Voorhout in The Hague Netherlands. The building is in use by the Statenbank.
 Salem Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 244 S. Broadway in Salem Ohio.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 Old Livery Stable is a historic stable in Fountain Colorado.
 The Thomas Gooding Water Tank House near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1919 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Not to be confused with the Church of the Incarnation Roman Catholic (Manhattan) on St. Nicolas Avenue and 175th StreetThe Church of the Incarnation is a historic Episcopal church at 205-209 Madison Avenue at the northeast corner of 35th Street in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The church was founded in 1850 as a chapel of Grace Church located at 28th Street and Madison.
 Portage Point Inn Complex is a resort hotel located at the western end of Portage Lake at Portage Point Michigan. In October 1985 this 1902 resort hotel and its associated buildings was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Misercordia Health Centre is a hospital that was founded in Winnipeg Manitoba by the Misericordia Sisters in 1898. Today ownership of the hospital is the responsibility of the Misericordia Corporation within the Archdiocese of Winnipeg. The funding for programs and services is administered through the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority and charitable donations.For many years Misercordia was a general hospital serving the west and south ends of the city of Winnipeg.
 The RAF Millom Aviation & Military Museum was a museum of the British Royal Air Force bombing and gunnery school located in Millom Cumbria.Opened in January 1941 as No.2 bombing and gunnery school and in summer became No. 2 air observer School. In 1942 it became No. 2 Observer Advanced Flying Unit until 1945 and in 1946 it was put under care and maintenance until 1953 when it was reopened for a 12-month period as No.1 Officer Cadet Training Unit. No. 1 O.C.T.U.
 The Nevada Northern Railway Museum is a railroad museum located in Ely Nevada and operated by a historic foundation dedicated to the preservation of the Nevada Northern Railway.Museum activities include restoration and operation of historic railroad equipment steam-powered excursions throughout the year winter photo shoots locomotive rentals hand car races lectures an annual railroad history symposium changing exhibits a resident reality camp and a variety of special events.
 Wat Rong Khun (Thai: วัดร่องขุ่น; Northern Thai: ) more well-known among foreigners as the White Temple is a contemporary unconventional Buddhist temple in Chiang Rai Thailand. It was designed by Chalermchai Kositpipat in 1997.
 The Catedral Del Espiritu Santo is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Laredo. It is located at Paseo Colon Avenue in the heart of the midtown Nuevo Laredo. The bishop is the Most Reverend Ricardo Watty Urquidi since 1989. As of 2000 the cathedral was the mother church for 800000 Catholics in the diocese.
 Ciné de Chef is a combined luxury movie theatre and gourmet restaurant located in Apgujeong southern Seoul. It is operated by CJ CGV South Korea's largest multiplex movie theatre chain and opened on 3 May 2007 drawing over 2000 viewers in its first few months.The theatre seats just thirty people in deluxe chairs costing ₩8 million each and is equipped with 11.1 channel speakers which surround the entire theatre including the floor and ceiling.
 The Liberty Towers is an apartment complex in Jersey City New Jersey. It consists of the Liberty View Towers West and Liberty View Towers East both of which were constructed from 2001 to 2003 and have 36 floors. They tied for the 11th tallest building in the Jersey City at 380ft (116m). Although they are considered two different buildings they rise from the same podium.
 Gyokusen-ji (玉泉寺) is a small Buddhist temple in Shimoda Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It is noteworthy in that it served as the first American consulate in Japan.
 The Maine Trolley Cars is located in Kennebunkport Maine. The trolley cars were built in 1893 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1980. The trolley cars are part of the Seashore Trolley Museum.
 The Morris–Jumel Mansion (also known as the Roger and Mary Philipse Morris House) located in Washington Heights is the oldest house in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It served as a headquarters for both sides in the American Revolution.
 Canada House (French: Maison du Canada) is a Greek Revival building on Trafalgar Square in London that is part of the High Commission of Canada in London. It has been a Grade II* Listed Building since 1970.
 The Armista Apartments known also as the Waldorf Apartments at 555 E. 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah were built in 1927. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The building is significant as representing the urbanization of Salt Lake City during 1890-1930 a period in which more than 180 urban apartments (apartment buildings) were built.
 Shumaker-Lewis House also known as Virgil A. Lewis House is a historic home located at Mason Mason County West Virginia. It was built about 1885 and is a two story Victorian-era frame cottage. It features a two tier Eastlake Movement style porch. It was the home of Virgil A. Lewis (1848-1912) the first State Historian and Archivist of West Virginia 1905-1912.
 The Banta-Coe House is a Dutch colonial-style historic home located on Lone Pine Lane in Teaneck Bergen County New Jersey United Statesoverlooking the Hackensack River on the campus of Fairleigh Dickinson University. Dating back to the early 18th century it is one of the oldest remaining colonial-era homes in New Jersey.From the time the house was originally constructed until its purchase by FDU the home was owned by a sequence of four families.
 US Post Office—Geneva is a historic post office building located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. It is a symmetrically massed one story structure faced with red brick and trimmed in limestone. It was constructed in 1905-1906 and is the first post office constructed in New York state in the Colonial Revival style. It is one of 13 post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under James Knox Taylor.
 The Loring Residence and Clinic was the first facility built to provide medical services to the community. The residence has continue to provide for public service through its current use by the Valparaiso Woman's Club. Dr Loring used his home as his medical office until his death in 1914. It was Dr Loring's initial efforts the brought medical care to the county and provided for the first hospital. Although private it became the counties first public hospital when Dr.
 Mount Saint Joseph also known as Holloway Estate is a historic house and motherhouse located near Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The Holloway House was built in 1854 with two additions dated to the 1920s. The original farmhouse is two stories and measures 35 feet by 45 feet. The 1920s additions include one with a garage and apartment above and an L-shaped addition which became the main living quarters.
 The Ropewalk Pumping Station was built on the Ropewalk in Nottingham in 1850. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Egg Hill Church is a historic church located at Potter Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1860 and is a one-story banked building built of pine on a stone foundation. It measures 35 feet wide and 42 feet long. Regular services at the church were suspended in 1927.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Locust Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Locust Dale Madison County Virginia. The two-story frame house incorporates an original side-passage- plan section dating to 1834. which was enlarged and given a two-tier Doric order front porch probably about 1849. About 1900 a three-story bathroom tower a summer kitchen and a brick greenhouse wing were added. The house includes Federal and Greek Revival style elements.
 The Old Shephard Farm is a historic farmhouse at 1832 Washington Street in Newton Massachusetts. Around 1740 a house was built on what is now Washington Street by Alexander Sheperd one of the early settlers of the Auburndale area of Newton. This is house was repeatedly enlarged and added resulting in a large house consisting of a main block and three ells by the end of the 19th century.
 Rockland Turntable and Engine House is located in Rockland Maine. The turntable and engine house were built in 1821 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 24 1993.
 The Elmwood Tower formerly Masonic Manor is located at 801 South 52nd Street in midtown Omaha Nebraska. Completed in 1963 the Elmwood Tower is a 320-ft (98-m) high-rise building rising to 21 stories. It is the third tallest skyscraper in Omaha behind First National Bank Tower and Woodmen Tower.The building provides residential apartments for people aged 50 and older. Also for 6 years it was the tallest building in Omaha until Woodmen Tower passed it in 1969.
 Burrows Block is an historic site at 735-745 Westminster Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Gothic style block was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Keret House is a structure and art installation in Warsaw Poland. It was designed by the architect Jakub Szczęsny through the architecture firm Centrala. The two-story art installation was named after Israeli writer and filmmaker Etgar Keret who was the building's first tenant. Keret plans to give the house to a colleague after he moves out. The building measures 92 centimetres (3.02 ft) at its narrowest point and 152 centimetres (4.99 ft) at its widest point.
 The MasterCard International Global Headquarters is an office building located at 2000 Purchase Street in the town of Purchase New York. It was constructed in the early 1980s as part of a movement of large corporations onto suburban estate settings and has been called the architectural jewel of Westchester. The building is part of the Purchase Centre complex and originally was constructed by the Nestlé company and occupied by IBM for several years. It was designed by I. M.
 Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum (NOESIS) is located at the outskirts of Thessaloniki Central Macedonia Greece.The museum’s main objective is to offer to the public an environment that facilitates the familiarization with and the understanding of science and technology. The foundation is also actively engaged in the protection of the Greek Technological Heritage.
 The John P. Peabody House is a historic house at 15 Summer Street in Salem Massachusetts. Built in 1868 by Salem merchant John P. Peabody it is a rare early example of Colonial Revival architecture. The two story wood frame house is three bays wide with a slate gambrel roof. The centered front door is sheltered by a portico supported by Doric columns. The second story center window reinforces focus being enlarged slightly by sidelights as compared to the other windows on the facade.
 Time Warner Center is a twin-tower building developed by AREA Property Partners (formerly known as Apollo Real Estate Advisors) and The Related Companies in New York City. Its design by David Childs and Mustafa Kemal Abadan of Skidmore Owings & Merrill consists of two 750 ft (229 m) twin towers bridged by a multi-story atrium containing upscale retail shops.
 The Taiwan Theater Museum (Chinese: 台灣戲劇館; pinyin: Táiwān Xìjùguǎn) is a museum about theatre in Yilan City Yilan County Taiwan. The museum is dedicated to Taiwan's theatrical arts and operas. It is the first public theater museum in Taiwan and the first museum established in Yilan County.
 The Amarillo Museum of Art is located at 2200 S. Van Buren Street on the grounds of Amarillo College in the city of Amarillo in the county of Potter in the U.S. state of Texas.
 The Holy Trinity Ukrainian Greek Orthodox Church in Wilton North Dakota was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.As of the NRHP nomination the church no longer had regular services as was the case for the other two historic Ukrainian Greek Orthodox churches in North Dakota.
 The Rockwell Automation Headquarters is an office building located in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Hotel Nikko Guam is a 5-star hotel in Tumon Guam. It is operated by the Japanese hotelier firm Hotel Nikko.It is located at the northernmost end of Tumon Bay next to Gun Beach.
 Ebenezer Presbyterian Church is located near Keene Kentucky in Jessamine County Kentucky United States. The first Ebenezer Church on the site was organized by Presbyterian minister Adam Rankin around 1790. The first church building a log structure was replaced by a stone building in 1803.The property was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on June 23 1983.
 King Edward VII's Hospital Sister Agnes is a private hospital in the City of Westminster in London formerly the King Edward VII's Hospital for Officers. The hospital was established in 1899 at the suggestion of the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII). Agnes Keyser a mistress of the Prince and her sister Fanny used their house at 17 Grosvenor Crescent to help sick and wounded British Army officers who had returned from the Boer War. King Edward VII became the hospital's first patron.
 The Mogamma (Arabic: مجمع التحرير also spelled Mugamma) is a government building in Cairo Egypt. The Mogamma was the result of a series of master plans for the Qasr el Nil area (now Tahrir Square) which used to be occupied by the British barracks. In 1947 when King Farouk ordered the demolition of the barracks upon the departure of British troops from the area a series of urban planning proposals ensued.
 John James Audubon State Park is located on U. S. Highway 41 in Henderson Kentucky just south of the Ohio River. Its inspiration is John James Audubon the ornithologist naturalist and painter who resided in Henderson from 1810 to 1819 when Henderson was a frontier village.
 The Waterbury Union Station building is located on Meadow Street in the city of Waterbury Connecticut United States. It is a brick building dating to the first decade of the 20th century. Its tall clock tower built by the Seth Thomas Company is the city's most prominent landmark.Designed by the New York City architectural firm of McKim Mead and White for the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad it handled 66 passenger trains a day at its peak.
 Fall River Bleachery is an historic textile bleachery on Jefferson Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The bleachery was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 John F. Lutz Furniture Co. & Funerary is a historic building complex located at St. Lawrence Berks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a combination house / shop warehouse / showroom and carriage house. The combination house / shop was built in 1878 and is a two-story brick and frame building in the Italianate style. Two small two-story frame additions were built in 1885 and 1910. The John F.
 Rim Village is the main area for tourist services in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon United States. It is located on the southwest rim of the caldera overlooking Crater Lake. The National Park Service designed Rim Village to concentrate park services at a location that provided easy access to rim trails and view points.
 The Providence Tarzana Medical Center is a hospital in Tarzana California. The hospital's ownership changed in July 2008 when Tenet Healthcare sold it to the current owner Providence Health & Services. Previously the hospital was one of the campuses of the Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center.
 Bayshore Community Hospital is a 225-bed acute care hospital located on a 37-acre (150000 m2) campus at 727 North Beers Street in Holmdel Township New Jersey United States. Its services include Cardiac Catheterization Diagnostic Imaging Medical/Surgical Behavioral Health Emergency Laboratory and Transitional Care. Bayshore Community Hospital is affiliated with The Meridian Health Family and The Cancer Institute of New Jersey.
 Marriott Indianapolis is a high-rise hotel in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 2001 and has 19 floors. It was the largest hotel in Indiana until surpassed by the JW Marriott Indianapolis in 2011. The Indianapolis Marriott Downtown features 622 guest rooms and 40000 square feet (3700 m2) of meeting/event space spread over 33 rooms. Located inside the Indianapolis Marriott Downtown are the Champions Sports Bar and the Circle City Bar and Grille.
 Brick Presbyterian Church Complex now known as Downtown United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The complex includes the Brick Church and Church School (1860 rebuilt 1903) attached Brick Church Institute building (1909–1910) and Taylor Chapel (1941). The Brick Church and Church School was designed in 1860 as an Early Romanesque Revival–style edifice by Rochester architect Andrew Jackson Warner (1833–1910).
 The Crowley School at 301 Main St. in Crowley Colorado was built in 1914. Also known as the Crowley County Heritage Center it is a Renaissance Revival style school building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.It was deemed significant for its architecture. Its NRHP nomination written by the town's mayor asserted:The building is an unusual example of Second Renaissance Revival.
 The Federal Prison Camp Duluth (FPC Duluth) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male offenders in Minnesota. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Duluth is located on the former Duluth Air Force Base near the southwestern tip of Lake Superior halfway between Minneapolis-St. Paul and the U.S.-Canadian border and 7 miles north of Duluth.
 The Frederick Fabing House is a historic residence in Fremont Ohio United States. Built as the home of one of the area's richest men it has been designated a historic site.Born in 1832 Frederick Fabing became one of Sandusky County's leading businessmen by the late nineteenth century.
 Needham is a historic home located near Farmville in Cumberland County Virginia. It was constructed in 1802 and is a two-story three-bay single-pile central hall plan frame dwelling. It has a two-story rear ell with one-story addition built in 1929. It was the home of educator jurist and politician Creed Taylor (1766-1836).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 District School No. 20 is a historic one-room school building located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. It is a one story rectangular one room structure built about 1835 of rubble Chaumont limestone. It was last used as a school in 1938.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Canadian Grain Elevator Discovery Centre is a set of restored grain elevators located in Nanton Alberta Canada. The centre's goal is to preserve examples of old grain elevators to educate visitors about the town's and Alberta's agricultural history.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Halkyn is to the north of the village of Halkyn Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of St Asaph. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building.
 Thomas Strong House is a historic home located at Wainscott in Suffolk County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped gable-roofed cedar shingle clad structure originally built about 1695 and continually lived in by eight generations of Thomas Strong's descendants.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Arlington Memorial Bridge is a Neoclassical masonry steel and stone arch bridge with a central bascule (or drawbridge) that crosses the Potomac River. First proposed in 1886 the bridge went unbuilt for decades thanks to political quarrels over whether the bridge should be a memorial and to whom or what.
 The Paul Martin Sr. Building is a 5-storey Art deco lowrise office building in downtown Windsor Ontario located on the west side of Ouellette Avenue between Chatham St and Pitt St. It is named after Paul Martin Sr. father of former Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin. The building is also known by its French name Edifice Paul Martin and was at one time nicknamed the Post Office Building because it once housed the Canada Post office.
 The Dyers Almshouses are a group of 30 almshouses belonging to the Worshipful Company of Dyers a London Livery Company. Built in three stages between 1939 and 1971 they are located close to the town centre of Crawley a New Town and borough in West Sussex England. The distinctive Arts and Crafts-influenced buildings are arranged around a courtyard on a street close to Crawley town centre and have been granted conservation area and locally listed building status.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church in Florence South Carolina.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Watermill of Agualva (Portuguese: Azenha da Ribeira da Agualva) is a watermill located in the civil parish of Vila Nova in the municipality of Praia da Vitoria island of Terceira in the Portuguese Azores. It is part of the inventory of historical and religious buildings registered as an Inventário do Património Imóvel dos Açores (English: Inventory of Heritage Buildings of the Azores) dating back to the eighteenth century.
 The Coleman Station Historic District is located around the former New York Central Railroad Coleman's station in the Town of North East New York United States a short distance south of the village of Millerton. It is a rural area including several large farms in the southeastern corner of the town.
 The Scottish Rite Temple in Guthrie Oklahoma is a Masonic temple that serves as the home of the Scottish Rite in the Guthrie Valley Oklahoma Orient Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry Southern Jurisdiction U.S.A.It is one of the world's largest Masonic Centers.The building was designed by architects Parr & Hawk and built in 1919 in Classical Revivalstyle. It was listed on the U.S.
 The Cyprus Police Museum is a museum in Cyprus dedicated to the history of law enforcement in the country. It is owned by the Cyprus Police and managed by Department A' of the Police Headquarters.The Police Museum is open to the public from Monday to Friday between 0900-1300 and does not charge admission.
 St. John The Evangelist Catholic Church is a historic church on York Street in Bangor Maine.It was built under Fr. Johannes Bapst in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The building also houses the Parish offices of St. Paul The Apostle Parish; which includes the Catholic communities of St. John The Evangelist in Bangor St. Mary's in Bangor St. Joseph in Brewer St. Theresa of Avila in Brewer St. Matthew in Hampden and St.
 The DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Los Angeles Downtown is located in Los Angeles California USA. Managed by RIM Hospitality Inc. the hotel is located in the Little Tokyo area of downtown Los Angeles at 120 South Los Angeles Street.Opened in 1977 it was the New Otani Hotel & Garden for thirty years until a change of ownership in 2007 when it became the Kyoto Grand Hotel and Gardens.
 Art Center Nabi is an art museum in Jongno-gu Seoul South Korea.Since its opening Art Center Nabi has actively promoted new media arts in Korea. Exploring new possibilities of creation education and exhibition of media arts Art Center Nabi has been in the forefront of the convergence of art and media technologies of the time.[citation needed]
 JK Place Capri is a boutique luxury hotel on island of Capri. It is located in the northeast of Anacapri town towards the northwest of the island and west of Marina Grande.
 Hicks Lumber Company Store is a historic commercial building located at Roslyn in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1920 and is a two-story frame building with Colonial Revival style detailing. It has a low pitched hipped roof and projecting two story portico.
 The Marcus Sears Bell Farm is located in New Richmond Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Citadel of Salah Ed-Din (Arabic: قلعة صلاح الدين‎ Qal'at Salah al-Din) is a castle in Syria. It is also known as Saône or Saladin Castle. It is located 7 km east of Al-Haffah town and 30 km east of the city of Latakia in high mountainous terrain on a ridge between two deep ravines and surrounded by forest the site has been fortified since at least the mid 10th century.
 The Willard Carpenter House located at 405 Carpenter Street in downtown Evansville Indiana is one of two landmarks recognized as memorials to one of the city's most influential pioneers philanthropist Willard Carpenter. The other is Willard Library which he built endowed and gave to the people of the area.
 St John's Church Burscough is in Liverpool Road North Burscough Bridge Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice has been united with those of St Andrew Burscough Bridge St Cyprian Burscough Bridge and Oaks Burscough Bridge. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 King's House (also known as Government House) is the official residence of the Governor-General of Jamaica who represents the Jamaican Monarch and head of state.By the year 1690 the first official residence in Jamaica (for use by the Governors of Jamaica) was in Port Royal. Another was constructed in Spanish Town in 1762.
 Water Canyon Administrative Site in Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest near Springerville Arizona was built in 1933. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman style. It was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service. It served historically as institutional housing and as government office space. The listing included four contributing buildings on 6 acres (2.4 ha).
 Gold Coast University Hospital is a major health facility for the Gold Coast Australia completed in September 2013. It involved the building of a new tertiary hospital on the Greenfields site adjacent to Griffith University Gold Coast campus at a cost of $1.8 billion.Construction commenced on 16 December 2008 when Queensland Premier Anna Bligh turned the first sod.
 The Kryepazari Mosque also called Majapazari Mosque is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj. It was built by Nuradin-Beg from Ulcinj in 1749. It was destroyed in the earthquake in 1979 and 16 years later it was renewed by the donations of the local people. The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language. To the complex of this mosque also belong the main office of the Islamic religious community of Ulcinj a library and a kindergarten.
 The Louisiana Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Louisiana and his or her family. The Governor’s Mansion was built in 1963 when Jimmie Davis was Governor of Louisiana. The Mansion overlooks Capital Lake near the Louisiana State Capitol in Baton Rouge. Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal and his family currently reside in the mansion.The Mansion was designed by the architectural firm of Annan and Gilmer of Shreveport Louisiana.
 The Gillis-Grier House is a historic home located at Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne style frame house built in 1887 by James Cannon. The house has gable-front elevations on three sides a three-story octagonal tower and a shorter 2 1⁄2-story service wing. Also on the property is a frame 1 1⁄2-story stable now used as a garage.
 The Cavendish Mall (also known as Quartier Cavendish) is an indoor shopping centre in Côte Saint-Luc Quebec Canada. It includes a food court multiplex movie theater and a medical clinic: the CLSC Rene Cassin. A small highrise office-building is adjoined to the mall's southern half. Redeveloped in 2011 the mall was reduced to almost half its original size. David Cronenberg's 1977 film Rabid features scenes shot in the mall.
 Grace Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 625 Connable Street in Petoskey Michigan.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Henry Hooker House is a historic home in the Kensington section of Berlin Connecticut.
 Château de la Roque or the château de la Roque des Péagers is a château located in Meyrals in the Périgord in the Dordogne Aquitane France. It was constructed in the 12th century or before.
 Fulkerson-Hilton House is a historic home located near Hiltons Scott County Virginia. It was built about 1800 and is a two-story log dwelling. It is built with a mix of oak pine and poplar hewn logs. It measures 20 feet wide 50 feet long and 20 feet in height and has a standing seam metal gable roof. A front verandah was added in 1936 and a kitchen and dining room addition in 1949.
 Lotte World Tower (Korean: 롯데월드 타워) is a 123-floor 556 metres (1824 ft) supertall skyscraper currently under construction in the second-generation Lotte World complex in Seoul South Korea.
 Arcade Center Farm is a historic home and farm complex in Arcade Wyoming County New York. The farmhouse is a Greek Revival–style frame structure built about 1835 with a 1 1⁄2-story main block and 1-story wings. The farm occupies 58.94 acres (238500 m2) and in addition to the farmhouse includes a historic 19th century barn. The property includes a number of other non-contributing structures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Wharf Times Square (Chinese: 无锡九龙仓项目A塔; Chinese: 無錫九龍倉項目A塔) is a late-modernist supertall skyscraper under construction in Wuxi China. The mixed-use tower is set to rise 339 metres (1112 ft) and contain 68 floors. Construction of the 280000 square metres (3014000 sq ft)-glass and steel-building is expected to be complete in 2014.
 Chappell Hill Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Chappell Hill United Methodist Church) is a historic church on Church Street in Chappell Hill Texas.
 Burgruine Lichtengraben/Painburg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Samuel L. Smith House is located at 5035 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was also known as the Schools Annex. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Lightle House at 605 Race Avenue in Searcy Arkansas was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.Four other Lightle Houses in Searcy are also NRHP-listed:Lightle House (County Road 76 Searcy Arkansas)Lightle House (107 North Elm Street Searcy Arkansas)Ben Lightle House at junction of N. Locust and E. Market Sts.William H. Lightle House at 601 E. Race St.↑ 1.0 1.1
 Colony Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Zanesville Ohio. Opened in 1981 it features J. C. Penney Elder-Beerman Dunham's Sports and a Cinemark movie theater. It is owned by Rouse Properties.
 Shultz-Funk Site is a historic archaeological site located at Manor Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It consists of two components; the Shultz component and the Funk component. The Shultz component was first excavated in 1931 by the Pennsylvania Museum Commission. The Shultz component was the site of a large stockaded Susquehannock period Native American village. An extensive excavation of the Funk Component in 1971 revealed three distinct Shenks Ferry villages on that site.
 The Clayton Public Schools Historic District is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) historic district consisting of four blocks in southeast Clayton New Mexico centered on 6th and Cedar Sts. Also known as Clayton Public Schools-Campus No. 1 its oldest buildings were built in 1935. It includes work designed by Willard C. Kruger and other New Mexico architects in Mission/Spanish Revival style and built by the Works Progress Administration.
 The second Christiansborg Palace was a new main residence for the Danish Monarch built from 1803 to 1828 in Copenhagen as a replacement for the first Christiansborg Palace which had been destroyed by fire in 1794. The new palace was constructed on Slotsholmen on the ruins of its predecessor and designed by royal masterbuilder Christian Frederik Hansen.
 Azadi Cinema Complex is a cineplex building located at Beheshti Street in Tehran. It serves for movie premieres and various entertainment events.
 The Luma Tower is a residential building and former factory in the Greater Govan area of Glasgow Scotland. It is famous as one of the best preserved examples of Art Deco architecture in the city. It has been protected as a category B listed building since 1988.
 Nova Park (濠珀) is a property development project in Taipa Macau and scheduled for completion in 4th quarter 2014.
 Columbus Hotel Monaco is a luxury 4-star hotel located at 23 avenue des Papalins in the Fontvieille area of western Monaco. It used to be owned by the former Formula One racing car driver David Coulthard and Ken McCulloch until Coulthard sold out to London and Regional in May 2010.
 The Johor Bahru Prison (Penjara Johor Bahru) in the state capital of Johore in Malaysia was opened in 1883 to incarcerate criminals in the State as well as those who revolted against the British colonial government. The prison located on 4.5 acres (18000 m²) of prime land in the city area was served by three roads namely Jalan Ayer Molek Jalan Gertak Merah and Jalan Khalid Abdullah.
 The W.J. Quarles House also known as Greenvale is a historic residence in Long Beach Mississippi. Constructed in 1892 the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2012.
 New Boston Inn is a historic inn at 101 North Main Street the junction of MA 8 and MA 57 in Sandisfield Massachusetts. Although the inn site was first occupied by Daniel Brown an early settler of Sandisfield the inn was probably built c. 1800 by one of his sons. Its location places it at the junction of three major stagecoach routes. The building has been restored and is again operated as an inn; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St. Peter Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Norwood Massachusetts United States. Founded 1918. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.The parish closed August 3 1997.
 Hall Place (alternate: Hall Farm; formerly Bentworth Hall or Bentworth Manor House) is a manor house in the parish of Bentworth in Hampshire England. It is situated to the east of the hamlet of Holt End and is approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) from Alton its nearest town. Built in the early 14th century it is a Grade II listed building. It is a typical medieval hall-house known by various names through the centuries. It is located 0.5 miles (0.80 km) from the 1832 built Bentworth Hall.
 Emmanuel Lutheran Church is a designated municipal heritage property in the Rural Municipality of Lumsden Saskatchewan Canada 16 km north of the town of Craven. Originally built in 1916 to meet the religious needs of local Lutheran settlers in the area this churched acted as model for other rural Lutheran churched to be built in Canada. In 1971 the building was sold to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
 HM Prison Oakwood is a Category C prison in the village of FeatherstoneWolverhampton in Staffordshire England. First opened in April 2012 the prison is operated by G4S and is aimed to be in full operation by autumn 2012. Originally called Featherstone 2 and designed to be a titan prison it was downsized to hold up to 1605 prisoners with construction starting in August 2009 and built in a modular fashion the first time this had been done in the UK.
 Sardis Methodist Church is a historic church northeast of Pine Grove off AR 128 in Sparkman Arkansas.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wesleyan Methodist Church is a historic church on Quaker Village Road near the junction of Baker Court and Quaker Village Road in Weybridge Vermont.It was built in 1847 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 The League of Catholic Women Building is located at 100 Parsons Street in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It is also known as Casgrain Hall or the Activities Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 William Kirk House also known as the Warrior Run Farm is a historic home located at Delaware Township Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1828 and is a two-story five bay rectangular brick dwelling with a two-story rear ell. It has a gable roof dated to about 1870 with a decorated cornice. The interior has a center hall plan. Also on the property is a contributing large barn with a gable roof and silo.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Sara Raynolds Hall is a historic building on the University of New Mexico campus in Albuquerque New Mexico. Completed in 1921 it originally housed the university's home economics department. The building was privately funded by local citizens including the $16000 construction cost as well as several thousand dollars worth of equipment. One of the largest donors was Joshua Raynolds whose mother was the building's namesake.The building was designed by Edward B.
 The Noguchi Museum chartered as The Isamu Noguchi Foundation and Garden Museum was designed and created by the Japanese-American sculptor Isamu Noguchi. Opening on a limited basis to the public in 1985 the purpose of the museum and foundation was and remains to preserve and display Noguchi's sculptures architectural models stage designs drawings and furniture designs.
 The Samuel Smith House is located in East Lyme Connecticut. The house was built in 1700 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 4 1979.The house was built on land that had been granted to Thomas Bull one of the founders of Hartford for his service in the Pequot War of 1637. In 1692 Thomas Bull's sons sold the land to Nehemiah Smith Jr. In 1698 Bull transferred it to his second son Samuel who built this house near the Niantic River.
 The Linograph Company Building is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The building is now known as the RiverWalk Lofts .
 St Andrew's Church Aikton stands near the village of Aikton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Michael Burgh by Sands St Mary Kirkandrews-on-Eden with Beaumont and St Peter Kirkbampton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Samuel Lindsey House is a historic home located at McClellandville New Castle County Delaware. It was built in the 1870s and is a 2 1/2-story Second Empire style brick dwelling with a mansard roof. It has a five bay front facade and an original two story brick wing extending from the rear elevation. Built as a single dwelling it has been converted into apartments at one time and also used as a school.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Reykjavík Cathedral (Icelandic: Dómkirkjan í Reykjavík) is a cathedral church in Reykjavík Iceland the seat of the Bishop of Iceland and mother church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Iceland as well as the parish church of the old city centre and environs. It is located at Austurvöllur and next to it is Alþingishúsið (the parliament house).
 Sacred Heart Major Seminary is a Catholic institution of higher learning associated with the Archdiocese of Detroit. It is located at 2701 West Chicago Boulevard at the western edge of the Boston-Edison Historic District in Detroit Michigan. In 2012-2013 122 seminarians representing eleven dioceses and two religious orders and 318 lay students (full and part-time) were enrolled in classes.
 The Chase Tower is a 22-story 288-foot-tall (88 m) high-rise building in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Built in the International style the building has a very dark green almost black facade. It is located alongside the Milwaukee River.Presently the building is home to a Chase Bank branch and underground vault the studios of Milwaukee Public Radio (WUWM) a few eateries and numerous offices.
 Boscobel is an estate overlooking the Hudson River built in the early 19th century by States Dyckman. It is considered an outstanding example of the Federal style of American architecture augmented by Dyckman's extensive collection of period decorations and furniture. Today it is a historic house museum and popular tourist attraction.It was originally located in the Westchester County village of Montrose.
 Mirdif City Centre is a shopping mall located in the residential area of Mirdif in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Mirdif City Centre opened in March 2010 and is developed and managed by Majid Al Futtaim Properties.
 Marsh Mills also known as Haley's Mill or Spielman Mill is a historic home located at Fairplay Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide limestone house. The structure was built about 1850 as a mill then converted to a creamery in the 1880s. Traces of the millrace are still visible where it exits the south end of the building and passes beneath the road.
 The Medford Carnegie Library is a two-story library building located in Medford Oregon United States. The building was erected in 1911 (completed in 1912) as a gift from Andrew Carnegie. The Carnegie Library building was vacated in 2004 when all services were moved to a new library building in downtown Medford.Throughout 2009 the building was occupied by various city offices while renovations were being completed on the existing Medford city hall building.
 Narayanas Arihant Ocean Tower is an 18-storied residential building in Chennai India. Located on Wallajah Road off the arterial Anna Salai the building has 80 housing units with a total built-up area of 140000 sq ft. It is the tallest residential building located in downtown Chennai.[citation needed]
 The Ford Motor Company Edgewater Assembly Plant was located in Edgewater Bergen County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 15 1983. The building was torn down in 2006 and replaced with a residential development.
 The McGaw Medical Center of Northwestern University is a consortium of urban suburban specialized and general hospitals and Northwestern University. The member hospitals of the Center with a total bed capacity of 2224 are recognized for excellence in providing both high-quality patient care and medical training.
 The Dillon County Courthouse built in 1911 is a historic courthouse located at 301 West Main Street in the city of Dillon in Dillon County South Carolina. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed eight other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. Dillon County was created in 1910 and this is the only courthouse it has ever had.
 Worcester Recovery Center and Hospital is a new 320-bed hospital opened on 16 August 2012 in Worcester Massachusetts that replaces both Worcester State Hospital and Taunton State Hospital.
 Mall Varna is a shopping mall in Varna Bulgaria which was opened on June 12 2008. It is located on the intersection of the Boulevards Vladislav Varnenchik & Hristo Smirnenski and it was built at a cost of € 120 million. Mall Varna's construction took two years.The mall has: 70000 total built-up area 33000 sq. m total shopping area 2000 sq.
 The Wissahickon Memorial Bridge originally called and still also known as the Henry Avenue Bridge is a stone and concrete bridge that carries Henry Avenue over Wissahickon Creek and Lincoln Drive in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.It is a two-ribbed open-spandrel reinforced concrete arch bridge with one principal span. It was designed in 1927 by Paul Philippe Cret a nationally acclaimed Philadelphia architect in collaboration with Frank M.
 Bayview Village Shopping Centre is an upscale shopping mall in the North York area of Toronto Ontario Canada catering to affluent customers and containing over 110 stores. The 440000-square-foot (41000 m2) shopping mall is located at Bayview Avenue and Sheppard Avenue in the community of Willowdale and neighbourhood of Bayview Village.
 The Rua Augusta Arch is a stone triumphal arch-like historical building and visitor attraction in Lisbon Portugal on Commerce Square built to commemorate the city's reconstruction after the 1755 earthquake. It has six columns (some 11 m high) and is adorned with statues of various historical figures. Significant height from the arch crown to the cornice imparts an appearance of heaviness to the structure. The associated space is filled with the coat of arms of Portugal.
 The Oakwood Estate is a house in Winchester Kentucky. The house Oakwood is on the Lewis estate and has a history that dates from the ante-bellum era. This house is on the banks of Stoner Creek about a mile off Wades Mill Rd.At the time the house was built it was home to Alpheus Lewis Sr. his wife and nine children. He was born in 1799.
 Public Square is an open mall that lies in the center of Watertown New York. The square is listed as Public Square Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places. The district encompasses 58 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 3 contributing objects.
 The Hyatt Regency Delhi is a luxury hotel in New Delhi India built in 1983. The five-star hotel hotel has 507 rooms and 52 suites equipped with modern amenities and high-speed Internet access. It has 5500 sq ft of flexible event space suitable for corporate and social events. There is also an outdoor swimming pool salon services Club Olympus Spa & Fitness facilities or experience the best in shopping at the hotel’s multi-level retail complex.
 Central Congregational Church is a United Church of Christ congregation established in 1852 in Providence Rhode Island.The current church building at 296 Angell Street was built in 1893 by New York based architects Carrère and Hastings.Over the years the church has engaged in a large amount of social and community projects in the Providence area the United States and around world. Currently the church's membership stands at 661 members. The tenth and current senior minister is the Rev.
 VIA Corporativo is a prominent office skyscraper in the Rio Zone of Tijuana Baja California. The building is among the tallest in the city being the 9th tallest in the city. One of the most modern buildings in Tijuana it was developed by Ramón Guillot Lapiedra / Estudio ARG and cost $12 million to construct.
 Hawes Homestead is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built in the 1830s and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame building with clapboard siding in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof with prominent cornice returns and a broad frieze pierced by rectangular eyebrow windows.
 The Court at 1274-1282 North Raymond Avenue is a bungalow court located at 1274-1282 North Raymond Avenue in Pasadena California. The court consists of five one-story bungalows arranged around a central courtyard. The houses are designed in a blend of the Colonial Revival and American Craftsman styles; the former can be seen in the entrance porticos on three of the buildings while the latter is present in the homes' overhanging eaves and exposed rafter tails.
 The Chase Grain Elevator is a grain elevator located in Sun Prairie Wisconsin United States. It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It is the last remaining tile elevator in Wisconsin.
 Johnstown Colonial Cemetery is a historic cemetery and national historic district located at Johnstown in Fulton County New York. The district contains one contributing site and two contributing structures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Hong Kong Club Building (Chinese: 香港會) is 25-storey office building located in between Chater Road and Connaught Road Central at the junction of Jackson Road in Central Hong Kong China. The Hong Kong Club Building is currently in its third generation in its second location.
 South Point is a new shopping center in McDonough Georgia. The mall opened in 2008 with JCPenney and Kohl's. Hobby Lobby and Hilton Garden Inn joined the tenant mix in 2009 and shortly after Academy Sports + Outdoors. Since opening their doors these stores have repeatedly ranked as top performing in the region drawing shoppers from as far away as 30 miles.TJ Maxx Toys R Us and Haverty's were all confirmed and opened as anchors in 2012.
 The FIDM Museum & Library Inc. was founded in 1978 to serve the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising (FIDM) and the community. Since January 1999 the museum's operations have been separate from the Library in order to offer more specialized care and attention to the specific needs of a costume collection and museum-trained personnel have been added to the staff.
 The Robbins & Appleton Building is a historic building located at 1-5 Bond Street between Broadway and Lafayette Street in the NoHo district of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1879-1880 and was designed by architect Stephen Decatur Hatch in the Second Empire style. The building features an ornate cast iron facade and mansard roof and was originally used for the manufacture of watch cases and by publisher D. Appleton & Company. It is now in residential use.
 Timperley Hall was a moated manor house in Timperley Greater Manchester England first recorded in 1560 but almost certainly built to replace an earlier medieval structure. Very little remains of the 16th-century Hall which is not shown on the Tithe map of 1838. The date of the Hall's demolition is unknown but the size of the moat suggests that it was a substantial house.
 The former U.S. Post Office in The Dalles Oregon United States is a historic building constructed in 1916. Executed from standardized federal plans in the Greek Revival style it was the first federal building in The Dalles and one of a set of nine built in Oregon in the 1910s. It remained in operation as a post office longer than seven of the other eight in that group. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Co-operative Block Building is a commercial structure in downtown Crawford Nebraska. It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 12 1985. It is also known locally as Co-op Block Midwest Block or The Ranch House after the business that it currently houses.
 The Grace Cooke House also known as the Harold St. John Residence at 2365 Oʻahu Avenue in Honolulu Hawaiʻi is significant both for its American Craftsman bungalow architecture and landscaping and for its most famous resident Harold St. John a distinguished professor of botany at the University of Hawaiʻi. The house and lot were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 by which time St.
 The MacDonald House (Chinese: 麦唐纳大厦) is a historic building in Singapore and is located at Orchard Road in the Museum Planning Area within the Central Area Singapore's central business district. Initially built for a bank it continues to function as a banking hall (albeit for a different bank) today although it is more well known to be the site of a bombing attack in 1965 at the height of Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation.
 The Omani French Museum is a heritage museum located in the former residence of the French Consul Bait Faransa on Lane 9310 Qasr Al Alam Street in the old quarter of Muscat Oman.The white building which was essentially a palace was initially established as a present by the Sultan Assayed / Faisal bin Turki to the French Consul in Muscat in 1896.
 George Westinghouse Memorial Bridge in East Pittsburgh Pennsylvania carries U.S. Route 30 the Lincoln Highway 240 feet (73 m) over the Turtle Creek Valley where it joins the Monongahela River Valley east of Pittsburgh. It had its grand opening on Saturday September 10 1932 as the world's longest concrete arch span structure. It cost $1.75 million ($30.2 million in 2014 dollars).Named for George Westinghouse (October 6 1846 – March 12 1914) the American entrepreneur and engineer.
 The Chapel of St. Joseph also nicknamed Little St. Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Clinton Corners Dutchess County New York.
 Ampa Skywalk is a shopping mall in Chennai India. With three floors of retail space it has outlets for major clothing and apparel brands a 7-screen multiplex games zone and a food court.
 The Cathedral of St. Patrick (commonly called St. Patrick's Cathedral) is a decorated Neo-Gothic-style Roman Catholic cathedral church in the United States and a prominent landmark of New York City.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 300 East Burlington Avenue in Fairfield Iowa is an historic structure that on October 30 1997 was determined to be eligible for addition to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now St. Gabriel and All Angels Liberal Catholic Church.
 Sydenham House is a historic house on Old Road to Bloomfield south of Heller Parkway in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built around 1711 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Cedarcroft also known as Bayard Taylor House is a National Historic Landmark home in Chester County Pennsylvania. From 1859 to 1874 this was the residence of Bayard Taylor (1825-1878) poet novelist and Civil War correspondent. Taylor did much of his writing in this house which he had built for his use. He lived here with his wife Maria Hansen whom he married in 1857.
 The Church of St. Andreas (German: St. Andreas) is a Roman Catholic monastery church situated in the center of the German city of Düsseldorf.
 The historic Rock River Hotel later the Blackhawk Hotel and currently known as the Patchwork Inn www.patchworkinn.com bed and breakfast is a two story I-house brick building in the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. The Hotel is within the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The district and its contributing properties were added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
 Patriot Place is an open-air shopping center owned by The Kraft Group. It is located in Foxborough Massachusetts built around Gillette Stadium the home of the New England Patriots and New England Revolution.The first phase opened in fall 2007 which included the construction of a small strip mall. The second phase is built on the site of Foxboro Stadium. It is also home to one of the first locations for Showcase Cinemas' Cinema de Lux brand.
 St. Giles' Church Cromwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Cromwell Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Fort Duffield is a Union American Civil War fort located outside West Point Kentucky. It saw use in 1862 and was abandoned when it appeared that the war would never come near the fort.
 The Benjamin Harrison Home in the Old Northside Historic District of Indianapolis Indiana was the home of the Twenty-third President of the United States Benjamin Harrison. Benjamin Harrison had the house built in the 1870s of red brick and it had sixteen rooms. It was from the front porch of the house that Benjamin Harrison instituted his famous Front Porch Campaign in the 1888 United States Presidential Campaign often speaking to crowds on the street.
 High Street Phoenix formerly known as Phoenix Mills is one of the largest shopping malls in India situated in Lower Parel Mumbai. Its gross floor area is 3300000 square feet (310000 m2).
 The Basilica of Saint Nicolas of Tolentino (Italian: Basilica di San Nicola a Tolentino) is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica that is part of the Augustinian monastery in the hill-town of Tolentino province of Macerata Marche central Italy. The church is a former cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tolentino suppressed in 1586.It contains architecture and art from the 14th through the 17th century.
 Heichinrou Hong Kong (聘珍樓) separate entity from Heichinrou Japan but both represented by Yasuhiro Hayashi (林康弘) was established in 1988. The restaurant has history since 1884 from Yokohama Chinatown Japan operated by several generations. Hong Kong subsidiary started with Heichinrou Seafood Restaurant in Tsim Sha Tsui then opened another restaurant called Metropol Restaurant in 1990. Metropol Restaurant is located in the Central Admiralty area targeting banquets and dimsum business.
 Windsor Station (French: Gare Windsor) is a former railway station in Montreal Quebec Canada formerly serving as the city's Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) Station. It also served as the headquarters of CPR from 1889 to 1996.
 Mormon Row is a line of homestead complexes along the Jackson-Moran Road near the southeast corner of Grand Teton National Park in the valley called Jackson Hole. The rural historic landscape's period of significance includes the construction of the Andy Chambers T.A. Moulton and John Moulton farms from 1908 to the 1950s. Six building clusters and a separate ruin illustrate Mormon settlement in the area and comprise such features as drainage systems barns fields and corrals.
 Dønnes Church (Norwegian: Dønnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Dønnes in the northern part of the island of Dønna. The church is part of the Dønna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The stone church was built during the 1200s and has been renovated several times since then.
 Summit Mall is a one-story 770000-square-foot (72000 m2) enclosed shopping mall located at 3265 W. Market Street in the Akron suburb of Fairlawn. While its mailing address is Akron the mall is located in Fairlawn.Edward J. DeBartolo Sr.'s DeBartolo Corporation built the mall which opened on October 28 1965. Today it is owned by Simon Property Group. Currently Summit Mall comprises more than 120 stores and a food court; anchor stores include Macy's and two Dillard's locations.
 Cray Plaza (formerly Galtier Plaza) located in the Lowertown historic district of St. Paul Minnesota provides space for working living eating and recreating in a self-contained project on one square city block.Features include 365 apartments 121 luxury condominia 16 townhomes a YMCA facility 192000 square feet (17800 m2) of retail and restaurant space 100000 square feet (9300 m2) of office space and an underground parking garage for 800 cars.
 The Stephen Allen House is an historic house in West Greenwich Rhode Island on Sharp Street.The house was built in 1787 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Daniel French School is a historic school building at 38–40 Common Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The wood frame structure was built in 1847 by Daniel French an educator whose students (while he was teaching in Boston) included Charles Francis Adams Jr. The building only served as a school until 1860 when it was converted into its present use as a residential duplex.
 Nardin Park United Methodist Church is a Methodist church located in Farmington Hills Michigan. Nardin Park was first formed in 1927 by the union of two large churches in northwest Detroit - the Grand River Avenue Church established in 1891 and the Ninde Church organized in 1886.
 Ausenbaugh-McElhenny House is a registered historic building in Dayton Ohio listed in the National Register on 1975-07-18.
 Saints John and Paul Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The parish is the result of a merger between St. John the Baptist and St. Paul’s Parishes in the city of Burlington Iowa United States. The parish maintains both of the former parish church buildings as worship sites. The oldest of the two parishes St. Paul’s is located at 508 North 4th Street in downtown Burlington. St.
 St Mary's Church Dodleston is in the village of Dodleston Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester.
 The Paul J. Trier House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Johnston Iowa in 1957.The Paul J. Trier house is a variation on the New York exhibition house. House was completed in 1958. The carport was enclosed for additional living space and the shop expanded in 1965 designed by Taliesin architects. The privacy wall also designed during this time was never built. Paul J. Trier 1915 - 1976 and Ida T. Trier 1914 - 2012.
 Abercorn Walk is an upscale shopping center that runs along Abercorn Street in midtown Savannah Georgia. It is located near the city's more upscale midtown commercial sector. Abercorn Walk resembles a village in which each storefront retains a different style. Originally announced in 2003 Abercorn Walk was built atop a stretch of buildings that had been a church a funeral home a car lot and a house. The anchor store which had been announced the previous year was The Fresh Market.
 Carisbrooke Castle is a historic motte-and-bailey castle located in the village of Carisbrooke near Newport Isle of Wight England. Charles I was imprisoned at the castle in the months prior to his trial.
 The Round Hill Historic District is a historic district in the town of Greenwich Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The district is an 8 acres (3.2 ha) area which in 1996 included 7 buildings that contributed to the historic character of the district and one other contributing site.It includes part of the modern-day Round Hill neighborhood of Greenwich.
 Bethany Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 8 Spear Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The church was designed in 1927 by J. William Beal & Sons and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Lubomirski Palace (Polish: Pałac Lubomirskich) is a palace in central Warsaw which was built in the 18th century for the Radziwiłł family.
 Not to be confused with Dunblane Scotland.Dumblane is an historic house located at 4120 Warren Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Tenleytown neighborhood.
 Bassett Family House also known as Dielytra Arbor House is a historic home located at Mt. Vision in Otsego County New York. It was built in 1844 and is a two story residence with a heavy timber post and beam frame and wooden clapboard siding set on a cut-stone foundation and surmounted by a gable roof. Additions and modifications took place in the 1860s and 1870s. The interior features a number of Greek Revival details.
 The George P. Lent Investment Properties also known as Firehouse Row in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon consists of a group of five similar 1.5-story single-family houses listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1893 the group was added to the register in 1989. The Queen Anne style houses are next to one another at the corner of Southeast 7th Avenue and Southeast Harrison Streets.
 Boulder Bridge and Ross Drive Bridge are historic bridges located in the Washington D.C. portion of Rock Creek Park an urban national park listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 23 1991. Boulder Bridge was constructed in 1902 and carries Beach Drive across Rock Creek a tributary of the Potomac River. The reinforced concrete arch bridge was designed by architect W. J.
 Calhoun County Library is a historic library building located at St. Matthews Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built about 1877 and is a one-story medium-gabled white clapboard structure in the Greek Revival style. It was originally built as a residence but was adapted for use as a county library in 1949. The front façade features a three-bay square-columned entrance porch and extending from the left and right wings are two smaller porches of similar design.
 The Henry Fite House located on West Baltimore Street (then known as Market Street) between South Sharp and North Liberty Streets (also later known as Hopkins Place) in Baltimore Maryland was the meeting site of the Second Continental Congress from December 20 1776 until February 22 1777. Built as a tavern in 1770 by Henry Fite (1722–1789) the building became known as Congress Hall during its brief use by Congress and later in local history as Old Congress Hall.
 Gardo General Hospital is a hospital in Qardho situated in northeastern Somalia. A private healthcare facility it has a Microbiology Service Laboratory which can perform most clinical food and water microbiological tests.
 Norwood House is a historic home located near Lewes Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1850 and is two-story three-bay single-pile frame house. It has a rectangular plan and sits on a brick foundation. The house is sheathed in weatherboard with cornerboards and has a shingled gable roof. A single story section extends down the entire length of the rear of the house and there is an earlier one-story section located on the north rear. Also on the property is a contributing privy.
 Lavendon Abbey was a Premonstratensian abbey in Buckinghamshire England. It was established in the 1150s and was dissolved in 1536.
 Brøstad Church (Norwegian: Brøstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dyrøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Brøstadbotn. The church is part of the Dyrøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1937 and it seats about 150 people.
 DLF Promenade is a shopping mall for the customers of Delhi and NCR region. Developed by one of India’s leading real estate company DLF the mall has been touted as a fashion destination. Spread over 4.6 lacs of square foot area it caters to customers coupled with a chic ambiance.
 The Charles Hotel is a grand hotel located at Sophienstrasse 28 in Maxvorstadt Munich Bavaria Germany. It was built in 2007 at the old botanical garden near the main train station. It is operated by Rocco Forte & Family (Munich) GmbH which belongs to the British group Rocco Forte Hotels. The hotel is part of the Lenbachgärten. The hotel has 160 guest rooms including 28 suites a meeting area a large ballroom for 300 guests a restaurant several bars and a swimming pool.
 Herman T. Mossberg Residence is a house designed by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. It was built for Herman T. Mossberg and his wife Gertrude in 1948 in South Bend Indiana and remains in private hands today. It is one of two Wright residences in South Bend the other being the K. C. DeRhodes House.
 First Colony Mall is a regional shopping mall in Sugar Land Texas located about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Houston. The mall — located south of the intersection of Interstate 69 and State Highway 6—opened on March 14 1996 and was recently expanded in 2006. First Colony Mall is owned by General Growth Properties and is anchored by two Dillard's locations Macy's and JCPenney as well as a 24-screen AMC Theatres complex located on an outlying parcel southeast of the mall.
 Southwyck Mall was a shopping mall in southern Toledo Ohio. After the final anchor left along with most of the inline stores the mall closed for good on June 29 2008.
 Town Clock Church is a historic church in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a one-story gable-front brick building built in 1848 by its German Lutheran congregation. A tall clock tower rises from the slate roof above the principal facade.The Cumberland Town Clock Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The facility is the home of First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) of Cumberland Maryland.
 The Matsuoka Hoyoen Sanatorium (国立療養所松丘保養園 Kokuritsuryōyōjo Matsuokahoyōen) or National Sanatorium Matsuoka Hoyoen is a sanatorium for leprosy and ex-leprosy patients situated in Aomori Aomori Japan that opened in 1909.
 The Detroit Harbor Terminal Building (also known as the Detroit Marine Terminal Building and most commonly called the Boblo Island Detroit Dock Building or just the Boblo Dock Building) is an abandoned ten-story warehouse in Detroit Michigan. The warehouse is located on the Detroit River just downriver from the Ambassador Bridge between S. McKinstry and Clark Streets on West Jefferson Avenue.
 The Pincolini Hotel at 214 Lake St. in Reno Nevada is a historic hotel that was built in 1922 and expanded in 1925 and 1930. Also known as the Mizpah Hotel it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Grubb Mansion is a historic home located at Pottstown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906 and is a three-story asymmetrical brownstone building in the Queen Anne style. It features a 9-feet deep front porch with an open turret art glass windows and an octagonal tower. The dwelling was converted to office use in 1954 and a union hall was added to the rear in 1956.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Civico Museo di Storia Naturale di Trieste is a natural history museum in Trieste northern Italy.
 Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque (Arabic: مسجد السيدة زينب‎) is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab in the southern suburbs of Damascus Syria. According to Shia Muslim tradition the mosque contains the grave of Zaynab the daughter of ‘Alī and Fātimah and granddaughter of Muhammad. Sunni Muslim tradition places Zaynab's tomb in the mosque of the same name in Cairo Egypt.
 The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is the official name given to seven historic cemeteries in Phoenix Arizona. The cemeteries were founded in 1884 in what was known as Block 32. On February 1 2007 Block 32 was renamed Pioneer and Military Memorial Park. The Pioneer and Military Memorial Park is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Citygate Ecotower was a proposal made in 2000 for a supertall skyscraper for London United Kingdom by M3 Architects. It was designed to be an environmentally friendly building and would be clad in photovoltaic cells and have wind turbines on the roof. The location of the tower would be over a large transport interchange (Aldgate High Street).At 108 floors and 450 metres (1476 ft) high it would have been the tallest building in Europe.
 The L'Eglise du Precieux Sang (also known as The Church of the Precious Blood (in French) is an historic church at 94 Carrington Avenue and 61 Park Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The church was built in 1873 by French-Canadians. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The St. Volodymyr Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was started in Canada's centennial year by the Ukrainian Catholic Women's League of Canada. The museum collects preserves interprets and exhibits Ukrainian Catholic material.The museum is located at 233 Scotia Street.
 The I.O.O.F. Hall in Woodbridge California was built in 1861 in Early Commercial architectural style. It served historically as a clubhouse and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The John R. Rollins School is a historic school at 451 Howard Street in Lawrence Massachusetts. The three story brick structure was built in 1892 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style and is a prominent feature of the Prospect Hill neighborhood visible from nearby Interstate 495. It is named for John Rodman Rollins (1817-1892) a local politician who served both as mayor and superintendent of schools.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Edgewood also known as Higginbotham House is a historic home located at 138 Garland Avenue in Amherst Amherst County Virginia. It was built in 1818 by Arthur B. Davies a local attorney and Amherst County Court Clerk. It is a two-story seven bay T-plan brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It sits on an English basement and features a two-story pedimented wooden portico. Additions made in 1972 are in the Federal style.
 Inland Center is a regional shopping mall owned and operated by Macerich located in San Bernardino California along the southwest border adjacent to Interstate 215 and the city of Colton. Within one mile of three bordering cities on the southern end of San Bernardino (Redlands Colton and Loma Linda) Inland Center is a single level mall anchored by Macy's Sears and Forever 21 plus 130 specialty shops and services.
 Early Christian Basilica Cim (built in 5-6 AD) are the archeological remains of the Early Christian – late Roman Basilica in Mostar's suburb of Crkvine. Early Christian Basilica in Cim is Bosnia and Herzegovina's national monument and during its archeological excavation other items were discovered - such as tombs and buildings for housing.
 The Northeast Gainesville Residential District also known locally as the Duck Pond is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 12 1980) located in Gainesville Florida. It encompasses approximately 1660 acres (6.7 km2) bounded by 1st and 9th Streets 10th and East University Avenues. It contains 229 historic buildings.
 The Dakota Block is a three story commercial vernacular style building built in 1916. It is within the Downtown Historic District in Grand Forks North Dakota.The principal facade of the Dakota Block consists of Hebron brick laid in a running bond. It features a single recessed bay delineated by corbelled brick and a stone cornice. The first floor has rusticated corner piers supporting pilaster strips which extend to the top of the building.
 St. Peter's Church (Hebrew: כנסיית פטרוס הקדוש Knessiaht Petrous Hakadosh) is a Franciscan Church in Jaffa part of Tel Aviv in Israel.
 Hertenstein Castle is a ruined spur castle approximately 900 metres (2950 ft) southwest of the village of Billingsbach part of the municipality of Blaufelden in the district of Schwäbisch Hall in the state of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Yxtaholm Castle is a castle in Sweden.Its owner is polish multimilioner Wonna I de Jong ==See also==List of castles in Sweden
 Sandstad church (Norwegian: Sandstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Sandstad on the southeastern coast of the island of Hitra.
 The Stony Brook Student Activities Center (commonly referred to as the SAC) is the main student activity center at Stony Brook University Stony Brook New York located in the center of west campus as part of the Academic Mall. The center contains a Student activity ticket office a central food court two ballrooms and a mid-size auditorium. It also has three floors of room-space for different activities. Many student offices are held here.
 St Michael and All Angels' Church Howe Bridge is located in Leigh Road Howe Bridge a suburb of Atherton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Leigh the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. Its benefice is united with those of three local churches St John the Baptist St George and St Philip forming a team ministry entitled the United Benefice of Atherton and Hindsford with Howe Bridge.
 The Shenyang International Finance Center (Chinese: 瀋陽國際金融中心) is a late-modernist supertall skyscraper proposed for construction in Shenyang China. The office tower is set to rise 427 metres (1401 ft) and contain 89 floors plus three basement levels. Construction of the 570000 square metres (6135000 sq ft)-glass and steel building is expected to be complete in 2012.
 Plum Grove is a historic house located in Iowa City United States. Plum Grove was the retirement home of Gov. Robert Lucas and the childhood home of the author Eleanor Hoyt Brainerd. Built in 1844 Lucas lived there with his wife Friendly and several children and grandchildren.
 The Samuel Corning House is a historic First Period house at 87 Hull Street in Beverly Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story five bay house with a central chimney that was apparently built in stages and is also notable for early 20th century preservation actions. The first portion to the right of the chimney was built c. 1700 as a typical First Period two story single cell structure. Around 1720 the left side was built and a leanto section was added to the back at a somewhat later date.
 The National Afro-American Museum and Cultural Center is a museum located in Wilberforce Ohio whose mission is to promote a greater understanding and awareness of African American culture and history. The museum is located at 1350 Brush Row Road next to Central State University.
 The list of subcamps of Mittelbau identifies locations of Konzentrationslager (English: concentration camp) Mittelbau (Central Construction). The location of the KZ Mittelbau headquarters was originally only the Block 17/3 Buchenwald subcamp but at the end of September 1944 the SS administration ordered the camp to become the center of a complex separate from the Buchenwald concentration camp.
 The American Federation of Arts (AFA) is a nonprofit organization that organizes art exhibitions for presentation in museums around the world publishes exhibition catalogues and develops education programs. The organization’s founding in 1909 was endorsed by Theodore Roosevelt and spearheaded by Secretary of State Elihu Root and eminent art patrons and artists of the day.
 EdVenture is the largest children's museum in the Southeast United States located in Columbia South Carolina. EdVenture opened to the public in 2003. It has 8 galleries covering 67000 square feet (6200 m2) plus hands-on exhibits 2 resource centers and a 200-seat theater. 40000 square feet (3700 m2) of the total 67000 square feet (6200 m2) is devoted to exhibit galleries laboratories and visitor amenities.
 Corregimiento Plaza Theater in Arecibo Puerto Rico also known as Oliver Theater was built in 1876. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Musée des beaux-arts d'Arras is located in the old Abbey of St. Vaast in Arras in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais France.
 The Dunedin Town Hall is a municipal building in the city of Dunedin in New Zealand. It is located in the heart of the city extending from The Octagon the central plaza to Moray Place through a whole city block. It is the seat of the Dunedin City Council providing its formal meeting chamber as well as a large auditorium and a conference centre. The oldest part of the building has been called the only substantial Victorian town hall still in existence in New Zealand.
 Weyers Cave School also known as Weyer's Cave Elementary School is a historic public school building located at Weyers Cave Augusta County Virginia. It was built in 1916-1917 and enlarged in 1923-1924. The original section consists of the northern entrance and hall with four-bay classroom blocks to each side. It exhibits a central-passage double-pile plan. The addition is a four-room and passage block to the south.
 The Museum of Tolerance (MOT) a multimedia museum in Los Angeles California United States is designed to examine racism and prejudice around the world with a strong focus on the history of the Holocaust. Established in 1993 as the educational arm of human rights organization the Simon Wiesenthal Center MOT also deals with atrocities in Cambodia and Latin America along with issues like bullying and hate crimes.
 Radburn is an unincorporated planned community located within Fair Lawn in Bergen County New Jersey United States. Radburn was founded in 1929 as a town for the motor age. Its planners Clarence Stein and Henry Wright and its landscape architect Marjorie Sewell Cautley aimed to incorporate modern planning principles which were then being introduced into England's Garden Cities following ideas advocated by urban planners Ebenezer Howard Sir Patrick Geddes and Clarence Perry.
 First Free Will Baptist Church is a historic church on Granite Road in Ossipee New Hampshire.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Meadow Grove Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Amissville Rappahannock County Virginia. It encompasses 13 contributing buildings and 5 contributing sites. The main house was constructed in four distinct building phases from about 1820 to 1965. The oldest section is a 1 1/2-story log structure with a two-story Greek Revival style main block added about 1860. A two-story brick addition built in 1965 replaced a two-story wing added in 1881.
 Corfe Castle is a fortification standing above the village of the same name on the Isle of Purbeck in the English county of Dorset. Built by William the Conqueror the castle dates back to the 11th century and commands a gap in the Purbeck Hills on the route between Wareham and Swanage. The first phase was one of the earliest castles in England to be built using stone when the majority were built with earth and timber.
 Hays Creek Mill also known as McClung's Mill Patterson's Mill and Steele's Mill is a historic grist mill located near Brownsburg Rockbridge County Virginia. It dates to about 1819 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular wood frame building on a limestone basement. The building measures 35 feet by 45 feet and retains an iron overshot wheel measuring 15 feet in diameter and 5 feet thick.
 St. Bartholomew's is an Episcopal parish in Atlanta Georgia which is notable for its ministries choral music and architecture.
 The Wirick-Simmons House is a historic home in Monticello Florida. It is located at Jefferson and Pearl Streets. On June 30 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Lutheran Parsonage is a historic Lutheran church parsonage adjacent to Spring Street in Lutheran Cemetery in Schoharie Schoharie County New York. It was built in 1743 and is a 1 1⁄2-story building with basement. It is one of the oldest religious buildings remaining in New York State.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Carrier Clinic is an American private not-for-profit behavioral healthcare system that specializes in psychiatric and addiction treatment.
 The Church of Our Lady of Hope also known as “Nossa Senhora Da Esperança is a Roman Catholic church in the Diocese of Cochin. It is located at the island of Vypeen - the point where the Vembanad Lake merges with the Arabian Sea with Fort Cochin on the other side.The church with an area of 10 km2 occupying southern end of Vypeen Island is the northern most boundary of Diocese of Cochin. It happens to be one of the oldest churches in Cochin built by the Portuguese in 1605 A.D
 Blairsden is a historic 62000 square foot 38-room mansion located in Peapack-Gladstone New Jersey. It was built between 1897 and 1903 for Clinton Ledyard Blair an American investment banker and it was designed by the prominent architectural firm of Carrère and Hastings.Set high on a hilltop overlooking Ravine Lake the mansion is part of what was originally an estate of 550 acres (2200000 m2).
 The Orange Mill Historic District is the only one in the Town of Newburgh in Orange County New York. It encompasses the 42 acres (17 ha) of county-run Algonquin Park and many of the surrounding lands.
 Edifici Gas Natural also Torre Mare Nostrum is a skyscraper in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2005 has 20 floors and rises 86 meters. It has an innovative and distinctive look because at the bottom are two protruding blocks used as part of the building. This is headquarters of Gas Natural Company. Lies close to the two other skyscrapers: Hotel Arts and Torre Mapfre. It is one of examples of High-tech architecture in the city.
 One Oxford Centre is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Although it is mainly identified by its main tower it is actually a complex of six buildings all of matching glass and steel design. The complex is named for Oxford Development the building owner.Completed in 1983 One Oxford Centre has 46 floors in its main tower and rises 615 feet (187 m) above Downtown Pittsburgh.
 First National Bank in Fleetwood also known as the First National Bank of Fleetwood and Kutz Brothers Store and Hosiery Mill is a historic home located at Fleetwood Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 and remodeled to its present form between 1919 and 1921. It is a three-story red brick building with a stone front measuring 50 by 125 feet (15 by 38 m) in a vernacular Renaissance Revival style.
 Burton Cannon House also known as Windsor is a historic home located at Cokesbury Somerset County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame dwelling four bays wide and two bays deep.. It was built in the late 1790s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Conduit Road Schoolhouse is an historic school located at 4954 MacArthur Boulevard Northwest Washington D.C. in the Palisades neighborhood.
 The Young-Shaw House is a historic farmhouse located near Sarahsville Ohio United States. A simple building originally home to a wealthy farmer it has been passed down through numerous generations of the original owner's family and it has been named a historic site.Born at Lippitt Rhode Island in 1819 Henry J. Young came to present-day Noble County with his family in 1825.
 The Elias Woodward House also known as Woodward-Gellatly House in Corvallis Oregon was built in 1871 in a Gothic or Rural Gothic architectural style.It was designated by the City of Corvallis as a Historic Resource on December 2 1982.It was further listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Princess Margaret Hospital (PMH) on Funafuti atoll in Tuvalu is the only hospital in the country and the primary provider of medical services for all the islands of Tuvalu. The hospital is located about 1.3 kilometres north from the centre of Funafuti on Fongafale islet.For 2010 the total health budget was AUD $4696042.The hospital has 50 beds with separate wards for men women and infants. It offers basic routine medical surgical obstetric and gynaecologic services.
 The Octagon House in Columbus Georgia also known as May's Folly is an octagonal building built in 1829.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The Main Hall is a historic building located on the campus of Randolph College in Lynchburg Virginia. It was built between 1891 and 1911 and is a large Queen Anne style brick building complex. The central entrance tower and eastern wings were constructed between 1891-1893. Two additional wings were added to the west in 1896. With the erection of a wing to the west in 1899 the building was completed according to the original plan.
 The Atlanta Ranger Station Historic District also known as Atlanta Guard Station is a 24 acres (9.7 ha) historic districtin Boise National Forest in Atlanta Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It dates from 1933. It involved the Civilian Conservation Corps and the USDA Forest Service and includes Forest Service R-4 Standard and other architecture. The listing included ten contributing buildings.
 Fontaine Castle is a castle in Belgium.
 The Xumi Fushou Temple (Chinese: 须弥福寿之庙; pinyin: Xūmí Fúshòu Zhī Miào; literally Temple of Happiness and Longevity of the Sumeru Mountain) is one of the Eight Outer Temples in Chengde in the Chinese province of Hebei. The Buddhist temple is located in the north of the park complex of the Chengde Mountain Resort to the east of Putuo Zongcheng Temple on the north side of a slightly upward slope hill. The temple covers an area of 37900 square metres (408000 sq ft).
 St Bartholomew's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Rainhill Merseyside. It was built in 1838-40 in the style of the Church of San Bartolomeo all'Isola in Rome. It is a Grade II listed building and is situated on the A57 road (Warrington Road) leading out of Rainhill and is next door to Loyola Hall. It was described by Nicholas Pevsner as 'The noblest Catholic church in South Lancashire'.
 The Ulrich Walser House is a house located at 711 North 2nd Street in Alma Wisconsin United States. It was constructed in 1895 by Ulrich Walser and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Ulrich Walser a prominent builder lived in this house until his death in 1950. It was constructed in Queen Anne style. The building is currently a private residence.
 Skendleby Priory was a priory in the village of Skendleby Lincolnshire England. The believed remains of St James Chapel Skendleby Priory were uncovered during archaeological investigations and excavations in 2005. It was a small cell to Bardney Abbey built by Walter de Gant and recorded by Bede in the seventh century. Bardney Abbey was founded no later than 697 but destroyed by a Danish raid in 869.
 New York Public Library 115th Street Branch is a historic library building located in Harlem New York New York. It was designed by McKim Mead & White and built in 1907-1908. It is a three story high three bay wide building faced in deeply rusticated gray limestone in a Neo Italian Renaissance style. The branch was one of 65 built by the New York Public Library with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie 11 of them designed by McKim Mead & White.
 The Frijole Ranch also known as Guadalupe Ranch Spring Hill Ranch and the Rader-Smith Ranch is located in Guadalupe Mountains National Park in extreme west Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1978 and represents a significant period in the settlement and ranching of the Guadalupe Mountains.
 War of Independence Museum (Kurtuluş Savaşı Müzesi) housed in the first Turkish Grand National Assembly building in the Ulus district of Ankara Turkey displays important photographs documents and furniture from the Turkish War of Independence.
 The Erbil International Hotel is a luxurious hotel based in Arbil the capital of the Kurdistan Region northern Iraq. The hotel was constructed and completed in 2004 and is since then the first 5-star hotel in Kurdistan and Iraq by western standards. The hotel is located at the 30 Meter Street 2 kilometers from the historical citadel of Erbil. The hotel has a good connection to Erbil International Airport by having an Airport Transfer service.
 The Basilica of Saint John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in Canton Ohio United States. The building was designed by American architect James Renwick Jr. (1818–1895). Construction was completed in 1871 and the church was dedicated in 1872.Saint John the Baptist was elevated to a minor basilica on June 19 2012.The church claims to be the oldest Catholic parish in northeastern Ohio having been established in 1823.
 The Goddard Rocket Launching Site is a National Historic Landmark commemorating the launch site of the world's first successful liquid-fueled rocket. It is located at 20 Upland Street Auburn Massachusetts within the Pakachoag Golf Course. The launch site is indicated with two markers accessible to visitors while the golf course is open. It is at the 9th Fairway between Tee and Green of the Pakachoag Golf Course. There are two monuments at this site.
 The Superior Oil Company Building also known as the Bank of California Building and the Standard Hotel is a 12-story marble-clad highrise building in Downtown Los Angeles. Completed in 1956 the Modern architecture structure was designed by Claud Beelman and William Simpson as an office building and headquarters for Superior Oil Company.
 Hotel Metropol (Russian: Метропо́ль IPA: [mʲɪtrɐˈpolʲ]) is a historical hotel in the center of Moscow Russia built in 1899-1907 in Art Nouveau style.
 The Hawthorne House also known as the Col. J. R. Hawthorne House is a historic plantation house in Pine Apple Alabama. The two-story wood-frame house was built in 1854 for Joseph Richard Hawthorne by Ezra Plumb. Joseph Hawthorne was born in 1805 in North Carolina but the family had relocated to Wilkinson County Georgia by 1810. Hawthorne moved to Conecuh County Alabama in the 1830s and finally settled in Pine Apple in the 1850s.
 The Alfred McCune Home is one of the mansions on Capitol Hill in Salt Lake City Utah from around the turn of the 20th century. Built for Alfred W. McCune on the inclined south side of Capitol Hill at the northeast corner of 200 North and Main Street the mansion has 21 rooms and is on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built in 1900.
 Public School No. 13 is a historic school building located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1900 with additions in 1905 and 1910. It is a 3½-story asymmetrical steel- and wood-frame building in a Neoclassical style. It has stone brick and structural clay tile walls. It has an interlocking pyramidal roof clad in polychromatic slate tiles and punctuated by large dormers.
 House at 9 Park Street is a historic house at 9 Park Street in Methuen Massachusetts.According to the assessor's records the house at 9 Park Street was built in 1876 at a value of $950. A notice in the Methuen Transcript says local builder Albert Fales built an addition in 1880. according to an 1885 directory the first owner was John W. Mann of Tompkins and Mann (paint and oil vendors) 191 Essex Street Lawrence Massachusetts. Mrs.
 The Soho Cottage is a historic house at 21 Windsor Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story wood frame cottage was built in 1860 and is one of the city's finest Carpenter Gothic houses (along with its neigbhor the Forest Hill Cottage). It has a steeply pitched gabled roof decorated with bargeboard trim and pendants and has board-and-batten siding.
 Moto is a molecular gastronomy restaurant in the Fulton River District of Chicago Illinois known for creating high-tech dishes which incorporate elements such as carbonated fruit edible paper lasers and liquid nitrogen for freezing food.Moto is run by Executive Chef Homaro Cantu and owner Alex Espalin.
 Lankford House also known as Anderson House is a historic home located at Marion Somerset County Maryland. It is a two-story four-bay single-pile frame house constructed between 1834 and 1840. It features well executed Greek Revival trim and woodwork. A single story frame hyphen connects the main house to a frame kitchen built about 1798.
 The Protestant church of Burgum or Cross Church or Saint Martin’s church is a religious building in Burgum Netherlands one of the medieval churches in Friesland.The tuffstone edifice was built c. 1100 and was enlarged about a century later. It was again enlarged about a century after that and possesses a monumental Pipe organ that was built from 1783-1788 by L. van Dam & Zn.
 Martin Gusinde Anthropological Museum is an anthropology museum in Puerto Williams Isla Navarino in southernmost Chile. It is the southernmost museum of the world. The museum hosts artifacts maps and photographs related to the 10000-year history of the Yahgan people as well as European settlers since the 19th century. Samples of local flora and fauna are also displayed as well as photographs and text from the founding of Puerto Williams.
 Established in 1952 the Aga Khan Hospital in Kisumu is a 76-bed acute care facility. The hospital provides general medicine services specialist clinics and high-tech diagnostic services and has an emergency Casualty Department. It is part of the Aga Khan Health Services international referral system with links to Aga Khan University Hospital Nairobi and Aga Khan University Hospital Karachi.
 The House at 1177 Main Street in Reading Massachusetts is a well preserved transitional Greek Revival-Italianate house. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built sometime before 1854. The gable ends of the roof have no returns and it has a broad cornice. The first floor front windows are full length and are topped by shallow pediments. The full width front porch is supported by paired columns.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 John W. McCarty House is a historic home located at Candor in Tioga County New York. It was built in 1850 and is an early expression of Italianate style architecture with later Victorian modifications. The asymmetrically massed brick building consists of a two story square shaped main block with a one story rear wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 First Universalist Society of West Sumner is a historic church at 1114 Main Street in Sumner Maine.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Philippi Historic District (PHD) is national historic district located at Philippi Barbour County West Virginia USA. It encompasses 113 contributing buildings and one contributing structure dating from the mid-19th century through early 20th century.
 The Onondaga County Savings Bank was chartered in 1855 in Syracuse New York. It was a franchise ahead of its time and had four separate branches by the late 19th century. The Onondaga County Savings Bank Building was constructed in 1896 adjacent to the Erie Canal in Clinton Square.In 1968 the bank shortened its name to Onondaga Savings Bank and in 1987 it changed again to OnBank.
 Ruine Kalsberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Wentworth Gaol a former Australian prison that operated between 1881 and 1928 is located in Wentworth New South Wales and is now a tourist attraction for the area.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Boveney is a redundant Anglican church standing close to the river on the north bank of the Thames near the village of Boveney Buckinghamshire England. It is about 3 kilometres (2 mi) to the west of Eton College. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Westfield Bondi Junction is a large upmarket shopping centre located in the suburb of Bondi Junction in Sydney New South Wales Australia. The six-level complex notable for its modern structure and retail mix has several anchor tenants including David Jones and Myer department stores Coles and Woolworths supermarkets a Greater Union cinema as well as a flagship Harvey Norman store.
 The Rego Park Jewish Center (1948) is an Art Deco Streamline Moderne synagogue in the Rego Park neighborhood of Queens New York City.The architectural firm of Frank Grad & Sons designed the building. The facade features a mosaic by Hungarian-born artist A. Raymond Katz.It is listed on both the New York State and National Register of Historic Places.
 The Thistle Atlantic Tower (also known as Atlantic Tower or the Thistle Hotel) is large 4-star hotel located in Liverpool England. Opening in 1972 it is situated on Chapel Street next to Saint Nicholas' Church and near the Royal Liver Building on the city's famous Pier Head. The building was designed to resemble the prow of a ship to reflect Liverpool's maritime history.
 Good Shepherd Church also known as Good Shepherd Mission is a historic Roman Catholic church at SR 61 SW of East Bank Coalburg Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built about 1880 and consists of a five bay one-story ell with a steeply pitched front gabled roof. It sits on a high raised limestone foundation.
 The US Post Office-Woburn Center Station is a historic post office building at 2 Abbott Street in Woburn Massachusetts. The single story Classical Revival building was built out of sandstone in 1911. It is nine bays in width with a central portico supported by Doric columns sheltering the man entrance. The building has a standing seam metal hip roof with a flat middle section.
 The Mount is a psychiatric hospital based in Leeds. It comprises the perinatal service older people's acute in patient assessment and treatment service the chaplaincy older people's psychology dementia ward and the pharmacy
 John Haskell House also known as The Hermitage was a historic home located near New Windsor in Orange County New York. It was built about 1724 and was a 2 1/2-story log dwelling with a rear ell. It had a gable roof and large interior chimney at each end.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The building was demolished sometime after 2009.
 The Mahaffie Stagecoach Stop and Farm Historic Site locally known as the Mahaffie farmstead is located in Olathe Kansas. The house was originally a stop along the Oregon and California Trails which originated in nearby Westport Missouri. The house's heyday came with large numbers of westbound travelers of the 1860s.The house has now been converted into a museum and gift shop. It is situated on almost 40 acres (160000 m²) of land.
 Marie Zimmermann Farm is a historic home located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Delaware Township Pike County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1910 and is a large 2 1/2-story fieldstone dwelling with a gambrel roof with large dormers. It has a two-story stone rear wing with a steep gable roof. At the intersection of the main house and wing is a round two-story tower giving the house a French Provincial style.
 Washingtonian Hall also known as Amos Patterson House is a historic home located at Endwell in Broome County New York. It is a two story five bay center entrance frame Federal style house built in 1799-1800. It was moved a short distance from its original site in 1924 and subsequently remodeled in the Colonial Revival style.
 UpGround is a condominium located in Bucharest at the intersection of Barbu Văcărescu and Fabrica de Glucoză streets and Şoseaua Petricani. The project consists of four buildings two residential and two office with a total floor area of 226000 square metres (2430000 sq ft). The two residential buildings have 16 floors each and include a number of 600 apartments and have a floor area of 126000 square metres (1360000 sq ft).
 The E. Clem Wilson Building is a 55.64 m (182.5 ft) Art Deco / Art Moderne midrise building at 5225 Wilshire Boulevard at La Brea Avenue in Los Angeles California.
 The Masonic Temple Lodge No. 420 is a building in the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. It has historically been known as 628-628 S. Fourth St. The building is one of several in the 100 Block of Oregon's South Fourth Street that is a contributing property to the Oregon Commercial Historic District some others include the buildings at 125 S. Fourth St. and 127 S. Fourth St.
 The Vulcan statue is the largest cast iron statue in the world and is the city symbol of Birmingham Alabama reflecting its roots in the iron and steel industry. The 56-foot (17 m) tall statue depicts the Roman god Vulcan god of the fire and forge. It was created as Birmingham's entry for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition (1904 World's Fair) in St. Louis Missouri. It is the seventh-tallest free-standing statue in the United States.
 Moor House is a large office building in the City of London.It is located on the northern edge of the financial district and is one of the largest buildings in the area standing 84 metres (276 ft) tall and with 29000 square metres of floor space.Completed in 2004 it was the first building to be designed for the forthcoming London Crossrail with a shaft to the station underneath the building.
 The Gotoh Museum (五島美術館 Gotō Bijutsukan) is a private museum in the Kaminoge district of Setagaya on the southwest periphery of Tokyo. It was opened in 1960 displaying the private collection of Keita Gotō chairman of the Tokyu Group. Today's collection is centered around the original selection of classical Japanese and Chinese art such as paintings writings crafts and archaeological objects completed by a small selection of Korean arts.
 The I.O.O.F. Building of Buffalo in Buffalo Oklahoma was built in 1917 in what is now known as Plains Commercial Style architecture. Also known as Harper County Journal Office the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a business.
 All Saints' Church Barnby in the Willows is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Barnby in the Willows.
 The Castro of Zambujal (Portuguese: Castro do Zambujal) is a Neolithic age archeological site in the civil parish of Santa Maria do Castelo e São Miguel municipality of Torres Vedras in the western littoral area of the Portuguese Centro Region. The Zambujal Castro is one of the most important Copper Age settlements in the peninsula of Lisbon and whose culture lasted until the beginning of the agrarian periods of Iberian history.
 First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1901 is an historic Mission Revival-style Christian Science church located at 3606 Lemon Street in Riverside California. It has been called: the church that introduced Christian Science to Southern California. It was designed by noted Los Angeles architect Arthur Burnett Benton. On September 22 1992 First Church of Christ Scientist was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Belleview Baptist Church is a historic church at 6658 Fifth Street in Belleview Kentucky.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The Scranton Iron Furnaces is a historic site that preserves the heritage of iron making in the U.S. State of Pennsylvania and is located in Scranton near the Steamtown National Historic Site. It protects the remains of four stone blast furnaces which were built between 1848 and 1857. Iron production on the site was started by Scranton Grant & Company in 1840. Later the furnaces were operated by the Lackawanna Iron & Coal Company.
 The New York Westchester and Boston Railroad Administration Building is a historic office building and railroad station in the Van Nest section of The Bronx New York New York. It was built in 1912 by the New York Westchester and Boston Railway of concrete and has a three-story central section flanked by four-story projecting end pavilions. It has a street level loggia and is the entrance to the East 180th Street Station.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Redbourne Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 The Spare Parts Puppet Theatre is located at 1–9 Short Street Fremantle Western Australia in Pioneer Park opposite the Fremantle railway station.
 HM Prison Long Lartin is a Category A men's prison located in the village of South Littleton (near Evesham) in the District of Wychavon in Worcestershire England. It is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Bach Mai Hospital is a multi-field medical facility in Hanoi and is considered one of the largest in Vietnam. The hospital was established in 1911 during the French colonial rule. It played important role in the health system of Vietnam and is one of three high specialized medical centers specializing on internal medicine.
 The National Shrine of the Blessed Virgin of Ta' Pinu (Maltese: Santwarju tal-Madonna ta' Pinu) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and national shrine located some 700 metres (2300 ft) from the village of Għarb on the island of Gozo the sister island of Malta. The church is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin of Ta' Pinu. The basilica is located on the edge of a cliff in open countryside which allows visitors to enjoy beautiful views of the area.
 Kanawha Hotel is a historic hotel located at Elizabeth Wirt County West Virginia. It is a two story log core clapboard covered building which gained its present appearance about 1870 with several frame additions. The original section was built about 1800 and is possibly the oldest building in the county. The hotel operated from 1812 to 1928 after which it was sold as a private residence.
 Chapel Allerton Hospital is located in the area of Chapel Allerton Leeds West Yorkshire England and is operated by the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust. The main entrance is on Chapeltown Road with vehicle exits onto Harehills Lane and Newton Road.
 An Air Defense Direction Center (ADDC) was a type of United States command post for assessing Cold War radar tracks assigning height requests to available heignt-finder radars and for Weapons Direction: coordinating command guidance of aircraft from more than 1 site for ground-controlled interception (weapons assignment).
 The William C. Boydell House is a double house located at 4614 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Cowan Mill (also known as the Aurora Mill or Cowan Woolen Company Mill) was an historic mill at Island Mill Street in Lewiston Maine.The 4 story Greek Revival mill was built in 1850 on the site of Lewiston's first textile mill (built by John A. Briggs in 1836 and destroyed by fire in March 1850). David Cowan was twice elected mayor of Lewiston.
 The Strong House is a historic house at 67 Amity Street in Amherst Massachusetts. It was built c. 1744 by Simeon Strong not long after the permanent settlement of Amherst began in 1738. The house currently houses the Amherst History Museum.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and included in the Amherst Central Business District in 1991.
 Lonsdale (also known as Londsdale) is a village and historic district in Lincoln and Cumberland Providence County Rhode Island United States near Rhode Island Route 146 and Route 95. The village was originally part of the town of Smithfield until Lincoln was created in the 1870s. William Blaxton settled in the area in 1635.
 Holy Trinity Church Wensley is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Wensley North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Alec Clifton-Taylor includes the church in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 Chichrerin House (Russian: Дом Чичерина) was a historical landmark building located at Nevsky Prospekt 15 (between Bolshaya Morskaya Street and Moika River embankment) in Saint Petersburg Russia. It is also known as Kosikovsky House Elisseeff House and Barrikada cinema theater.
 St. Paul's-Eastern United Church is one of the oldest congregations in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The stone Romanesque church building is located in the heart of downtown Ottawa (Sandy Hill) on the corners of Daly and Cumberland Streets near the University of Ottawa and two blocks east of the Rideau Centre.
 The Taichung Creative and Cultural Park (Chinese: 台中文化創意產業園區; pinyin: Táizhōng Wénhuà Chuàngyì Chǎnyè Yuánqū) is a multifunctional park in South District Taichung Taiwan.
 The Hara Seghira Synagogue (Arabic: معبد حارة صغيرة‎) is located on Moktar Attia Street just north of Place L’Independence in the town of Er Riadh on the island of Djerba Tunisia. Er Riadh is the modern name for the ancient Jewish village of D’jirt which became known as “Hara Seghira” or the “Small Ghetto”.As the Jewish community of the village declined the synagogue was abandoned and the building is now in a state of dilapidation.
 Rotterdam Square is a shopping mall located in Rotterdam New York United States. When it opened the mall was originally owned by Wilmorite Properties (who also owned Wilton Mall in Wilton) until 2005 when Wilmorite was acquired by The Macerich Company who then took over ownership and management of most of their properties.
 St. Thomas Church is a historic Episcopal church in Owings Mills Baltimore County Maryland. It was authorized in 1742 by the then Province of Maryland to provide a Chapel of Ease for early inhabitants of the Garrison Forest.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is an egalitarian Conservative congregation located at 15 Jamesbury Drive in Worcester Massachusetts. Founded in 1924 as an Orthodox synagogue it formally affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism in 1949 and describes itself as the leading Conservative congregation in Central Massachusetts.The congregation first worshiped at a house on Pleasant Street; it constructed a synagogue building in its place in 1941.
 The U.S Post Office and Customs House in Atlanta (also Atlanta's City Hall from 1910 to 1930) was a landmark building located on Marietta Street occupying the block bounded by Marietta Fairlie Walton and Forsyth streets in the Fairlie-Poplar district of Downtown Atlanta. The building opened in 1878. In 1910 the City acquired the building and it was used as the Atlanta City Hall until 1930 after which it was razed.
 The East Hawley Center Historic District encompasses the principal institutional center of the town of Hawley Massachusetts with a history dating to the 1780s. Although it was settled in the late 18th century issues with Hawley's boundaries meant that the development of a central village did not take place until later.
 St John the Baptist's Church Chester is in Vicar's Lane Chester Cheshire England. It lies outside the city walls on a cliff above the north bank of the River Dee. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Chester.
 St. Rita's Medical Center is a large hospital serving a 70-mile radius of Lima Ohio United States. It was started in 1918 by Sisters of Mercy an order of Roman Catholic women founded by Catherine McAuley in Dublin Ireland in 1831.There are also separate facilities in Delphos Glandorf and Wapakoneta that serve other parts of the region for rehabilitation orthopedics and other medical services.
 Vestingmuseum Oudeschans (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈvɛstɪŋmyˌzeːʏm ˈʌudəˌsxɑns]; Oudeschans Fortification Museum) is a local museum in the village of Oudeschans in the Netherlands. It shows the history of the 16th-century fortification of Oudeschans and has a collection of archaeological findings. In 2013 the museum had 1100 visitors.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary the Virgin and St Nicholas or simply Seoul Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Seoul South Korea and is the mother church of both the Anglican Church of Korea and the Diocese of Seoul.Construction of the building began in 1922 to a design by English architect Arthur Stansfield Dixon and the cathedral is known for its Romanesque Revival architecture together with its mosaic murals.
 The Ontario Legislative Building (French: L'édifice de l'Assemblée législative de l'Ontario) is a structure in central Toronto Ontario that houses the viceregal suite of the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario the Legislative Assembly of Ontario and offices for members of the provincial parliament (MPPs).
 Union Church (Union Church of New Haven Mills) is a historic church at the junction of River Rd. and East Street in New Haven Vermont.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Shaolin Temple UK is a martial arts school and centre for study of Shaolin culture in particular Gong Fu-Ch'an Qigong and Ch'an Buddhist Meditation.
 Schoolhouse No. 6 is a historic one room school building located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built in 1860 and is a one story cobblestone building built of coursed cobblestones with smooth ashlar quoins. It features a curvilinear hipped roof topped by an open bell tower. Also on the property is a contributing privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The B. Harley Bradley House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Kankakee Illinois in 1900-1901.
 The history of Idaho is an examination of the human history and social activity within the state of Idaho a geographical area in the Pacific Northwest area near the west coast of the United States and Canada. Other associated areas include southern Alaska all of British Columbia Washington Oregon western Montana and northern California and Nevada.Humans may have been present in Idaho for 14500 years.
 for the private prison in Montana see Crossroads Correctional FacilityCrossroads Correctional Center (CRCC) is a Missouri Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Cameron DeKalb County Missouri. (The town of Cameron straddles DeKalb and Clinton Counties.) According to the official Official Manual State of Missouri the facility has a capacity of 1440 maximum security prisoners.
 Bethel AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church at 414 Henry Clay Street in Shelbyville Kentucky.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 St. Barnabas Episcopal Church later called Christ & St. Barnabas Episcopal Church and now known as New Hope Missionary Baptist Church is an historic Episcopal church and rectory at 2900 Fifth Avenue in Troy Rensselaer County New York. The church was built in 1895 and is a red brick church in the Late Gothic Revival style. It has a gable roof and three hipped dormers. It has an open bell tower and slender conical turrets. It features a rose window depicting the Madonna and Child.
 Piva Monastery (Cyrillic: Пива; Manastir Pivski; alternates Church of Sv. Bogorodica or Church of the Assumption of the Holy Mother of God) is located in Piva Montenegro near the source of the Piva River in northern Montenegro. Built between 1573 and 1586 it was rebuilt in another location in 1982. It is the largest Serbian Orthodox church constructed during the Ottoman occupation in the 16th and 17th centuries.
 The Dry Dock Hotel is the oldest licensed pub in the suburb of Balmain in the Inner West of Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia.The pub is a heritage-listed building and one of a number of establishments which formed an integral part of the shipbuilding and industrial heritage of the local area.
 Hastings Methodist Episcopal Church is a church building located at 719 Vermillion Street in downtown Hastings Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is significant for its Gothic Revival Greek Revival and Italianate architecture. The building exterior is clapboard with a characteristic tower including abat-sons and emphatic eaves supported by corbels.
 The Centralia Elks Lodge is a historic building located at 328 E. Broadway in Centralia Illinois. The Classical Revival building was constructed between 1929 and 1931 for Centralia Lodge 493 the city's chapter of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks. The entrance to the building is flanked by Ionic columns. The second-story windows on the front facade are topped with limestone pediments and segmented arches; the windowsills feature decorative brackets.
 Kingsbury-Whitaker House is a historic house at 53 Glendoon Street in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1710 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 White Chapel or Grace Chapel is a historic church on Rossview Road in Rossview Tennessee.It was established in the 1860s as a mission Sunday school for local children and served all Christian denominations. The frame building that houses the church was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Church of the Resurrection is a small wooden Church of England church in Hurley Warwickshire England dating from 1861 It is part of the parish of Baxterley with Hurley and Wood End.
 Gors Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Gors) is a 19th-century country house in Gors-Opleeuw in the municipality of Borgloon province of Limburg Belgium.The original structure was a house of the 17th century which was almost entirely rebuilt in the 1820s in a Neo-Classical style. The farm that was originally attached to the house was demolished in 1865 and rebuilt further away. Both house and farm have been protected monuments since 1986.
 All Saints Anglican Church is a continuing Anglican church in Raleigh North Carolina. The church is independent of the Episcopal Church USA and all other churches of the Anglican Communion and under the authority of the Archbishop of Canterbury but is part of the Anglican Church in America. All Saints does not have its own facilities so the congregation holds services at the Jenkins Memorial United Methodist Church.
 The Charles B. Russell House (also known as the Druffel Building) is a historic residence in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1890 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style it is a large two-and-a-half-story house constructed primarily of limestone. Multiple windows including several dormer windows pierce all sides of the turret while another large dormer window with Palladian influences is present on the house's southern side.
 Enkū Museum (円空館 Enkūkan) is a museum dedicated to Japanese monk and sculptor Enkū in Seki Gifu Prefecture Japan. Enkū was born in Mino Province present-day Gifu Prefecture in 1632 and died in Seki in 1695.
 Marabanong is a historic mansion in Jacksonville Florida. It was built in 1876 on the site of Perley Place the antebellum mansion purchased in 1870 by British astronomer Thomas Basnett that was originally built by Thomas Perley and destroyed in a fire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 2013. It is located at 4747 River Point Road. Eliza Wilbur was active at the home.Basnett (born 1808 - died 1886) was a prominent British astronomer and meteorologist.
 The Building at 606 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a modest commercial building constructed c. 1910. It is a single story wood frame construction with a gable roof. The front slope of the roof has a long shed-roof dormer providing some second-level storage space for the shops below. The building is vernacular in style with paired recessed doorways to the stores.
 Utica Public Library is a historic library building located in Utica in Oneida County New York. It is a rectangular five story Neoclassical style structure constructed of New Haven brick on a limestone foundation. It features a central pedimented pavilion with Corinthian order columns. It was designed in 1903 by Arthur C. Jackson of Carrère and Hastings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sunland Park Mall is a shopping mall in El Paso Texas owned and operated by Simon Property Group. It is located on El Paso's west side at Interstate 10 and Sunland Park Drive. It features five anchor stores operating under four brand names and more than 130 specialty stores on two enclosed levels.
 The Rainbow Room is a fine-dining restaurant and event space previously run by the Cipriani family on the 65th floor of 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City. Opened in 1934 it was the first restaurant to be located in a high-rise building and remained the highest elevated restaurant in the United States for decades. Suffering from a decline in business following the 2008 economic reversal the restaurant closed in 2009.
 Bjugn Church (Norwegian: Bjugn kirke) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located along the Bjugnfjorden about 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Botngård.The cruciform church was built in 1956 after the previous building burned in a fire in 1952. The church is a copy of the church that was built there in 1637.It is part of the Bjugn parish in the Fosen deanery which is a part of the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Museum Ludwig located in Cologne Germany houses a collection of modern art. It includes works from Pop Art Abstract and Surrealism and has one of the largest Picasso collections in Europe. It also features many works by Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein.Since November 2012 the museum's director has been Philipp Kaiser.
 The Bensen House sometimes called the 1916 House or the Grant Historical House is a historic U.S. home located at 5795 U.S. Route 1 Grant Florida. The house was built in 1916 by Atley Bensen for his wife Clara. It now serves as a house museum and the home for the Grant Historical Society.
 The Island Bird is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1882 by William Sidney Covington in Tilghman Maryland. She is a 27 ft 4 in (8.33 m) sailing log canoe with a racing rig a sharp stem with a longhead bow and a sharp raking stern. She is one of the smallest boats in the active racing fleet with a beam of only 5 ft 6.5 in (1.689 m). The boat is privately owned by the descendants of Mr. Covington and has been racing every season since 1949.
 The Hanalei Elementary School on Kuhio Highway in Hanalei Hawaii is a historic school building that was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The building was probably designed by Kauai County Department of Public Works employee John Waiamau. The school is significant as an example of school architectural design that emerged in the 1920s.
 Park Plaza Condominiums is a residential high-rise building in Albuquerque New Mexico. At 160 feet (49 m) in height it is the 15th-tallest building in the city as well as the tallest residential building in New Mexico. The 14-story tower originally consisted of rental units but was converted to condominiums in 1979. It is located one block south of Central Avenue just west of Downtown.Park Plaza was constructed in 1964–5 at a cost of $2.5 million.
 The Oregon State Capitol is the building housing the state legislature and the offices of the governor secretary of state and treasurer of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located in the state capital Salem. The current building constructed from 1936 to 1938 and expanded in 1977 is the third to house the Oregon state government in Salem.
 The Pro-Cathedral of the Holy Apostles was the Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Bristol England from 1850 to 1973.The Pro-Cathedral was replaced in 1973 by the Cathedral Church of SS. Peter and Paul also known as Clifton Cathedral.
 Hosanger Church (Norwegian: Hosanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hosanger on the northern shore of the island of Osterøy. The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white stone church was built in 1796. This is the
 Old Town Hall (Slovak: Stará radnica Hungarian: Régi városháza) is a complex of buildings from the 14th century in the Old Town of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It is the oldest city hall in the country and it is one of the oldest stone buildings still standing in Bratislava with the tower being built approximately in 1370.
 Château de Beauvais is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Senator Theatre is a historic single-screen Art Deco movie theater located at 5904 York Road in the Govans section of Baltimore Maryland 21212. It shows first run movies as well as classics. The theater ceased showing first-run films on 15 March 2009. New managers Buzz and Kathleen Cusack have renovated the theater and plan further renovations; they reopened the theater on 15 October 2010. The theater closed again for renovations on 26 April 2012.
 La Vista (pictured) also known as The Grove is a historic plantation house located in Spotsylvania County Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story three bay Federal / Greek revival style frame dwelling. It has a hipped roof interior end chimneys and a pedimented portico with fluted Doric order columns. Also on the property are the contributing smokehouse and the Boulware family burial grounds.La Vista was added to the National Register of Historic Places in December 1997.
 Pernštejn Castle (Czech: hrad Pernštejn) is a castle located on a rock above the village of Nedvědice and the rivers Svratka and Nedvědička some 40 km northwest of Brno in the South Moravian Region Czech Republic. Pernštejn came to be known as the marble castle because of the marble-like stone used to frame the doors and windows.It was founded by the Lords of Medlov probably between 1270–1285.
 St Michael's Church is an Anglican church in the village of St Michael's on Wyre Lancashire England. It is a typical late Medieval church and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Lancaster.
 Choate Bridge (1764) is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Route 1A/Route 133 (South Main Street) over the Ipswich River in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is one of the oldest surviving bridges in North America.
 Weston Manor is an 18th-century plantation house on the south shore of the Appomattox River currently located in the City of Hopewell in eastern Virginia.
 Lebesby Church (Norwegian: Lebesby kirke) is a parish church in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Lebesby. The church is part of the Lebesby parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 Old Hickory Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Jackson Tennessee. Opened in 1967 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Macy's Sears and Belk. The mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Eigen-ji (永源寺) is one of fourteen autonomous branches of the Rinzai school of Japanese Zen founded in 1361 by the lord of Ōmi province—Sasaki Ujiyori. The temple is located in modern day Higashiōmi Shiga prefecture of Japan and its first Abbot was the famous poet and roshi Jakushitsu Genko. It was a popular destination for members of the Five Mountain Schools of Zen during the Onin War of the 15th century.
 Calvin Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation located at 26 Delisle Street in the Yonge Street and St. Clair Avenue area of Toronto Ontario Canada. The congregation began as a Minority Group from nearby Deer Park Presbyterian Church that voted against joining the United Church of Canada in 1925.First known as Hill District Presbyterians they later named their congregation after Reformation leader John Calvin.
 Gold Creek Homestead (1) is a 140-year old stone and brick building located off Gungahlin Drive in Ngunnawal a north-western suburb of Canberra Australia.The Gold Creek Homestead Complex (2) refers to a group of four buildings including the 697m2 homestead a stone and timber cottage a buggy shed and an entertainment and function centre (formerly a machinery shed).
 St Mark's Church Kennington is an Anglican church in Kennington London United Kingdom. The church is a Commissioners' church receiving a grant from the Church Building Commission towards its cost. The architect was David R. Roper. The total cost of the church including the land and other expenses was £22720. This was paid partly by the local parishioners and partly by Parliament through a grant known as The Million Fund.On Saturdays a farmers' market is held in the churchyard.
 Daniel Bliss Homestead is a historic colonial farmhouse at 76 Homestead Avenue in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The Georgian era house was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wallenstein Palace (Czech: Valdštejnský palác) is a Baroque palace in Malá Strana Prague currently the home of the Czech Senate.
 The National Film and Sound Archive (NFSA) is Australia’s audiovisual archive responsible for developing preserving maintaining promoting and providing access to a national collection of audiovisual materials and related items.
 The Varsity is a restaurant chain iconic in the modern culture of Atlanta Georgia. The main branch of the chain is the largest drive-in fast food restaurant in the world. There are now six other branches across metro Atlanta and another near the University of Georgia in Athens.
 1964–1965 New York World's Fair New York State Pavilion is a historic world's fair pavilion at Flushing Meadows – Corona Park in Flushing Queens New York. The New York State Pavilion was designed for the 1964 New York World's Fair by architects Philip Johnson and Lev Zetlin and built between 1962 and 1964.
 First African Baptist Church located in Savannah Georgia claims to be derived from the first black Baptist congregation in North America. While it was not officially organized until 1788 it grew from members who founded a congregation in 1773. Its claim of first is contested by First Baptist Church of Petersburg Virginia whose congregation officially organized in 1774.First African Baptist Church operates a museum which displays memorabilia dating back to the 18th century.
 The former United States Post Office and Federal Building is a historic structure in downtown Zanesville Ohio United States. Built in 1904 it was designed by Cleveland architect George F. Hammond. The post office and courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Heritage Square Museum is a living history and open air architecture museum located beside the Arroyo Seco Parkway in the Montecito Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles California in the southern Arroyo Seco area. The living history museum shows the story of development in Southern California through historical architectural examples. The museum focuses on interpreting the years 1850 to 1950 a century of unprecedented growth in Los Angeles.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 2nd and Hempstead Streets in Nashville Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Pine Street School is a historic former school building located at 880 Pine Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The wood-framed school was built in 1876 in the Italianate style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. At that time it was the oldest school building in the city still in use. It was converted into apartments in the late 1980s.
 Saint Peter's church (Saint-Pierre-le-Bas) in Vienne is one of the oldest surviving churches in France situated in the Rhône-Alpes region. The church was added to the 1862 version of the list of France's Monuments historiques created in 1819.
 The Hong Kong Space Museum (Chinese: 香港太空館) is a museum of astronomy and space science in Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong China. It is managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of the Hong Kong Government.
 Denbigh Castle (Welsh: Castell Dinbych) was a fortress built following the 13th-century conquest of Wales by Edward I.The castle which stands on a rocky promontory above the Welsh market town of Denbigh Denbighshire was built upon an earlier Welsh stronghold. It was defended by a unique triple-towered gateway.A planned town (bastide) was laid out at the same time as the castle. The Anglo-Norman borough was an attempt by Edward I to pacify the Welsh.
 The Brooks catsup bottle water tower trademarked The World's Largest Catsup Bottle is a water tower south of Collinsville Illinois claimed to be the largest catsup bottle in the world. As a prime example of mid-20th-century novelty architecture it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Presently the tower is most notable in its capacity as a regional landmark and as a roadside attraction.
 The Birthplace of Simón Bolívar (Spanish: Casa Natal del Libertador Simón Bolívar) is a seventeenth-century house in the Venezuelan capital city Caracas that now serves as a museum for the Venezuelan independence hero Simón Bolívar.
 The Roswell Museum and Art Center is located in Roswell New Mexico USA and features exhibits about the art and history of the American Southwest. Exhibits include fine art sculpture prints decorative arts and historic artefacts.The museum operates the Patricia Lubben Bassett Art Education Center which opened in 1998 as a learning facility in the state of New Mexico.
 The Saint Spyridon Church is a Greek Orthodox church located in Corfu Greece. It was built in the 1580s. It houses the relics of Saint Spyridon and it is located in the old town of Corfu. It is a single-nave basilica and its bell tower is the highest in the Ionian Islands. It is the most famous church in Corfu.
 The Roberts Building in Great Falls Montana also known as Elmore Hotel was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tønjum Church (Norwegian: Tønjum kyrkje) is the main parish church in Lærdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Tønjum. The church is part of the Tønjum parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church building which has 175 seats was built in 1832. It was consecrated on 30 September 1832 by Bishop Jacob Neumann.
 Tombigbee State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is located off Mississippi Highway 6 south of Tupelo. It is named after the nearby Tombigbee River.The Tombigbee State Park Historic District was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The park is located at 34°14′07″N 88°37′24″W.
 The Ropewalk (Swedish: Repslagarbanan) is a building on the island of Lindholmen in southeastern Sweden. It is located within the naval base in Karlskrona. Dating from 1692 the rope factory terminated production in 1960 but in 2006 after renovation it was opened to the public with exhibitions and demonstrations of ropemaking. With a length of some 300 metres (980 ft) the Ropewalk is Sweden's longest wooden building.
 Chanceford is an 18th-century building in Maryland. Chanceford is located at 209 West Federal Street Snow Hill Worcester County Maryland. It is an early example of a neo-classical temple-fronted dwelling on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. Built in 1792-93 Chanceford is a stuccoed brick house with a transverse hall. A single-story hyphen to the rear connects the main house to the two-story kitchen wing.
 Thompson Ranch is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in or near Cottonwood Arizona United States.
 Bradford Smith Building was a historic building at 1927-1941 Purchase Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The building was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984. It has since been demolished.
 The Unicredit Tower (Torre Unicredit) is a skyscraper in Milan Italy. With a height of 231 metres (758 ft) it is the tallest building in Italy.The building was designed by architect Cesar Pelli and was topped out on 15 October 2011 with the attachment of its spire. The building will serve as the new headquarters of UniCredit Bank.
 The Old Hall Hotel Sandbach is in the High Street in the centre of Sandbach Cheshire England (grid reference SJ759607). It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Old Hall County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Gainesville Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 8 1995. It is located at the junction of Spring Street and Green Street. It was built in 1937 with an addition at the rear in 1975.The courthouse was designed by the Atlanta architecture firm of Daniell & Beutell in the Stripped Classical style.
 Florence Lake School No. 3 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011. It is located approximately 10 miles north of Wing North Dakota off ND 14.It was built as Sterling School No. 2 in 1917. It is a small prairie schoolhouse that was moved to Florence Lake in 1937 after the preceding school burned.
 The Vickers and Schumacher Buildings are a pair of historic adjoining commercial buildings in downtown Mobile Alabama. The two-story brick masonry buildings were completed in 1866 and once served to house the Schumacher Carriage Works. They were placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1983. The buildings were purchased by Cornell Family Properties in 2005 and restored.
 The Parr's Mill Covered Bridge No. 10 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township and Franklin Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 84.25-foot-long (25.68 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1865. It crosses the North Branch of Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Shute Park Aquatic & Recreation Center (SHARC) is a multi-pool indoor and outdoor facility located in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Originally opened in 1954 as an outdoor at Shute Park an indoor recreation center and pool opened in 1981. The indoor recreation center which includes a weight room spa a wading pool and classroom space was expanded in 2006 at a cost of $9 million.
 The Beach Hebrew Institute (also known as Beth Jacob Congregation or in Hebrew as Beit Knesset Beit Ya'akov) is a synagogue in The Beaches neighbourhood of Toronto Ontario Canada. Founded in 1919 as an Orthodox Jewish congregation the members purchased their current building—a former church—in 1920 and renovated it in 1926.Following World War II the congregation declined.
 The Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church is a church on the National Register of Historic Places in Auburn Alabama. Ebenezer Baptist Church was the first African American church built in the Auburn area after the end of the Civil War in 1865. Over the next few years the church members built the church out of hand-hewn logs transported from miles away by mules. The church was completed around 1870 and served the Ebenezer congregation until 1969.
 Chaukhandi Stupa is an important Buddhist stupa in Sarnath located 13 kilometres from Varanasi Uttar Pradesh India. Stupas have evolved from burial mounds and serve as a shrine for a relic of the Buddha.
 Wilson-Kuykendall Farm is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built about 1870 and is a two story brick Greek Revival style dwelling. It also has Gothic and Italianate stylistic influences. It features a central roof tower with a widows walk flanked by paired chimney stacks. Also on the property are a contributing frame carriage house with multiple gables and a barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Al-Shifa Hospital (Arabic: مستشفى الشفاء‎ Mustashfa al-Shifa) is the largest medical complex and central hospital of Gaza located in the district of North Rimal. The current director of the hospital is Khaled Hassan.
 World Trade Center Bangalore (also known as North Star) is a 32 floors tall building in Rajajinagar Bangalore Karnataka India. It was developed by Brigade Group (Developer) in their complex called Brigade Gateway which also consists of the Sheraton hotel Colombia Asia hospital one of Bangalore's biggest mall The Orion Mall Brigade School The Galaxy Club and the apartments.
 The Royal Northern Hospital was a general hospital on Holloway Road London N7 near Tollington Way. It had inpatient outpatient accident and emergency facilities and was also a centre for postgraduate education. Originally located at King's Cross it began as an independent and voluntary hospital. The hospital moved to Holloway Road in 1888 and received a Royal Charter in 1921. The casualty department was built using public subscription.
 The Myles Building is a historic U.S. building located at 911-919 East New Haven Avenue Melbourne Florida. This two story building was constructed in 1913 and included a restaurant and billiard parlor on the first floor and the Midway Hotel on the second. Soon after completion the Melbourne Times newspaper relocated to the Myles Building. Part of the building was also used as a temporary classroom when the local schools ran out of space.
 The Jefferson Theatre is a historic performing arts theatre located on Fannin Street in downtown Beaumont Texas. Designed by Emile Weil and built in 1927 it is an example of Old Spanish architecture and seats over 1400. The theatre was built by Jefferson Amusement Company which was owned by Saenger Amusements. The theatre is featured on the National Register of Historic Places and recognized as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
 The Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum (WOR) is located on the former grounds of Lowry Air Force Base in Denver Colorado. The museum which opened in 1994 is housed in the 40000 sq ft (4000 m2) Hangar #1 built in 1939. The museum preserves the history of Lowry AFB's operations from 1938 to 1994 in its collections archives and research library.
 Greenridge-Arthur Williams House is a historic mansion located at Roslyn Harbor in Nassau County New York. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story Jacobethan Revival–style house constructed of concrete and faced in red brick. It features a steeply pitched slate roof with projecting bays gables dormers and deep eaves. A 2-story gable-roofed Great Hall wing has a stone clad foundation and terminates in a five-sided bay to the north.
 The Fort of the Maré (Portuguese: Forte da Maré) ruins of a 16th-century fortification located in the civil parishSão Mateus da Calheta in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo along the southern coast of TerceiraPortuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 NYU Langone Medical Center is an academic medical center in New York City affiliated with New York University. It was placed on the Honor Roll of U.S. News Best Hospitals in the nation for 2012-2013. The Medical Center comprises the NYU School of Medicine and three hospitals: Tisch Hospital the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine and the Hospital for Joint Diseases.
 St. Sophia Home of the Little Sisters of the Poor also known as the Little Sisters of the Poor Home for the Aged is a historic Roman Catholic hospital and convent located in Richmond Virginia. The original residence known as Warsaw was built in 1832 and subsequently incorporated into the Italianate style brick hospital building between 1877 and 1881. A convent wing was added in 1894 and a service wing in the 1950s.
 Dresden Cathedral or the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity Dresden previously the Catholic Church of the Royal Court of Saxony called in German Katholische Hofkirche and since 1980 also known as Kathedrale Sanctissimae Trinitatis is the Roman Catholic Cathedral of Dresden. Always the most important Catholic church of the city it was elevated to the status of cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dresden-Meissen in 1964.
 Hewu Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Whittlesea Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services Laboratory Services X-Ray Services Laundry Services and Kitchen Services.
 Sagene Church is located in Oslo Norway. The church was built in gothic revival style and it was consecrated in 1891. It was designed by architect Christian Fürst in neo-Gothic style.
 Sunnybrook also known as the Sunnybrook Park & Ballroom Sunnybrook Convention Center: Colonial Restaurant is a historic ballroom and restaurant located at Lower Pottsgrove Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1931 and expanded in 1937 and is a 26000 square foot one-story utilitarian frame building with exaggerated ceiling heights under various roof angles and heights.
 Sunny Heights in St George's Hill estate in Weybridge Surrey England was the mid-1960s home of Ringo Starr drummer of the Beatles.Starr purchased his home on 24 July 1965 after bandmates John Lennon and George Harrison had bought houses. Sunny Heights along with its large house and grounds boasted its own bar The Flying Cow where Starr played host. The previous owner was Mr. H. E.
 Gran Sol (also Hotel Gran Sol Hotel Tryp Gran Sol) is a skyscraper and hotel in Alicante Spain. Has 97 meters and 31 floors. It's a brand hotel Tryp Hotels belonging to the hotel group Sol Melia.The hotel is the third tallest building in the city after Estudiotel Alicante (117 m) and El Barco (111 m).
 James Ford House is a historic home located at Lawrenceville in Tioga County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick house built in 1831 in the late Federal style. Congressman James Ford had this house built for his son.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Evergreen Cemetery in Fayetteville Arkansas is one of the largest early historic cemeteries in the region. Evergreen is included in the National Register of Historic Places because numerous important historical figures are buried there. These include Senator J. William Fulbright Governor Archibald Yell educator Sophia Sawyer industrialist Lafayette Gregg and many others. The cemetery was founded as a private cemetery by John Thomas in the late 1830s or early 1840s.
 The David Garland Rose House was built circa 1860 in Valparaiso Indiana United States. David Rose was a local businessman. This Gothic Revival house is unusual in that it is eight-sided an octagon. Each of the eight gables include decorated wood panels. Covered porches have been added to three sides. The octagon house rose in popularity in 1849 with the publication of Orson Squire Fowler's book A Home For All.
 Stone Academy a public school built in 1842 north of Solon Iowa along the west side of Iowa Highway 1 which was the Old Military Road linking Dubuque to Iowa City. Formerly known as the Big Grove Township School #1. Open for tours by appointment only.
 The Manistique Pumping Station is an industrial waterworks building located on Deer Street in Manistique Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The New Mexico Museum of Art (formerly the Museum of Fine Arts) the oldest art museum in the state of New Mexico is one of four state-run museums in Santa Fe. It is one of eight museums in the state operated by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs.Designed by Isaac Rapp and built in 1917 it is an example of Pueblo Revival Style architecture and one of Santa Fe's best-known representations of the synthesis of Native American and Spanish Colonial design styles.
 Breathitt County Jail is a jail in Jackson Kentucky. The Works Progress Administration built the jail around 1934 as part of their work in Breathitt County. The Ashlar stone jail has three bays stone chimneys on each side and a central porch with an arched doorway.Breathitt County Jail was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 21 1986.
 One American Place is a skyscraper in Downtown Baton Rouge Louisiana. Its exterior surface is clad entirely in mirrored glass.Completed in 1974 with 24 floors it stands 94 meters (308 ft) tall. It is currently the second-tallest building in Downtown Baton Rouge.
 The Liechtenstein Museum in Vienna Austria contains much of the art collections of its owners the Princely Family of Liechtenstein rulers of the principality of Liechtenstein. They include important European works of art forming one of the world's leading private art collections. Its highlight used to be Leonardo's portrait of Ginevra de' Benci.
 Feay Inn is a historic inn located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built about 1811 and is a 2 1/2 story I house style fieldstone building. It was built to take advantage of the traffic using the National Road.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Luther Elliott House is an historic house at 309 Haven Street in Reading Massachusetts. This modestly sized 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1850 by Luther Elliott a local cabinetmaker who developed an innovative method of sawing wood veneers.
 The George Stumpf House is a historic residence in Indianapolis Indiana United States. Located along Meridian Street on the southern side of the city it was started in 1870 and completed in 1872.
 Cedarcliff Gatehouse is a historic gatehouse located in Poughkeepsie in Dutchess County New York. It is believed to have been designed by noted architect Andrew Jackson Downing and built about 1845. It is a 2 1⁄2-story cruciform plan brick cottage in the Gothic Revival style. It features deep eaves with extended rafters and bargeboards with scroll-sawn overlay. The property includes a period cast iron gateway and fence.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hotel Bahia also known as Aparthotel Impala is a hotel in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. The hotel is situated at the end of Street of Algeria route and is said to have views of the sea and Mount Cameroon overlooking Malabo Bay. The hotel contains 16 rooms.In 1985 Lonely Planet described the hotel as being one of the best in Malabo with a bar and restaurant overlooking the sea.
 The Old Rock School in Dodgeville Wisconsin is a school that was built in 1853. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Château de Sigy is a modernised castle in the commune of Sigy in the Seine-et-Marne département of France.The castle dates originally from the 14th century though much altered in the 15th 17th and 18th centuries. Of note are the walls and roofs of the castle and its outbuildings including two towers the gardens surrounded by moats and two bridges across the moats. Inside the central staircase with wooden balusters is beneath a dome.
 Austefjord Church (Norwegian: Austefjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Fyrde at the eastern end of the Austefjorden. The church is part of the Austefjord parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church was originally built in 1773 (some sources say 1766) in the village of Nes in the present-day municipality of Bjugn.
 The Eighteen Mile House is a historic house near the city of Harrison in western Hamilton County Ohio United States. Built as a tavern by unknown individuals in the early years of the nineteenth century its construction date is unknown: some hold it to have been erected in 1800 others in 1815 and yet others at a vague date between 1800 and 1810.Constructed of brick the two-and-one-half-story house is covered by a tin roof.
 Rosemont Historic District in Martinsburg West Virginia is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Noorderkerk of Rijssen (Overijssel Netherlands) is built in 1954 and situated in the towns centre. The 1970 seats church is still in use by the Reformed Congregation.
 Grand Army of the Republic Building is a historic Grand Army of the Republic building located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1886 and is a red brick and granite building in the Romanesque Revival-style. It consists of two sections: a three-story with full basement section measuring 40 feet by 60 feet and a 40 feet by 34 feet section with four stories and a full basement.
 The Cope Depot or Manchester and Augusta Railroad Station in Cope South Carolina was a privately owned railroad depot. The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Blandome is a historic home located at Lexington Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story five-bay Federal / Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It was remodeled in 1872 in the Italianate style. The house features a metal-sheathed hipped roof capped by a belvedere and a three-bay front porch and front entrance with a richly ornamented surround. Also on the property are a contributing seven-sided law office building (c. 1890) garage (c. 1950) and ice chest (c. 1920).
 The Hyatt Regency Denver at the Colorado Convention Center is a 489 ft (149 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was constructed from 2003 to 2005 and has 38 floors. It is the 8th tallest building in Denver.
 The Green Building is an environmentally conscious mixed use development situated in Manchester. The Green Building was designed by Terry Farrell Architects who aimed to create a sustainable environment on an unusual triangular plot adjacent to Oxford Road national rail station. The building was constructed by Taylor Woodrow as part of the Macintosh Village development.
 The House for an Art Lover is a building constructed in 1989-96 based on a design of 1901 by Charles Rennie Mackintosh with his wife Margaret MacDonald. The building is situated in Bellahouston Park in Glasgow Scotland. The idea to actually construct the house from the Mackintoshs' designs came from Graham Roxburgh a civil engineer in Glasgow who had done refurbishment work on the Mackintosh interiors in Craigie Hall.
 The Crawlerway is a 130-foot (40 m) wide double pathway at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. It runs between the Vehicle Assembly Building and the two launch pads at Launch Complex 39. It has a length of 3.5 miles (5.6 km) to Pad 39A and 4.2 miles (6.8 km) to Pad 39B.
 The Church of St. Jude is a Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of New York located at 481 West 204th Street and Tenth Avenue in Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1949. The church was built 1951 to designs by the architectural firm of Voorhees Walker Foley & Smith of 101 Park Avenue for $600000. A three-storey convent at 411 West 204th Street was built 1954 to designs by the same firm for $200000.
 The Administration Building is a structure on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. It was one of the original buildings on the campus and is modeled after the Universidad de Alcala de Henares in Alcalá de Henares Spain. The Admin building has three floors and a basement and includes twin bell towers double wings and a courtyard. Some of the offices housed in the building include the Chancellor's Office President's Office and Board of Regents Office.
 The Church of Our Lady of Good Counsel is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 230 East 90th Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1886. The church was completed in 1892 to the designs by Thomas H. Poole. The address listed in 1892 was 236 East 90th Street.
 Highlight Towers is a twin tower office skyscraper complex completed in 2004 in Munich Germany. The towers are joined by two bridges made of glass and steel combine to offer the two planned by architects Murphy/Jahn of Chicago. Tower I is 126 m (413 ft) with 33 storeys and Tower II is 113 m (371 ft) with 28 storey which make them among the highest buildings in the city. Also in the complex are two low-rise buildings between the twin towers that serve as a hotel and additional office space.
 Château de Bois-Briand is a château located in Nantes France. In 2008 the estate was listed as a Monument National by French Minister of Culture. This label was attributed thanks to three main considerations: the inspiring history of some landlords the permanence of a consensual social life and the translation of this harmony into various gardens buildings and botanical creations.The original castle was named Bois-Briant Bois-Brient and Bois-Brillant.
 The Church of the Holy Sepulchre is a former Anglican church in the hamlet of Warminghurst in the district of Horsham one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. The present building which is no longer used for worship has 13th-century origins but a church may have existed on the site in the 11th century or earlier.
 Helfrich's Springs Grist Mill is a historic grist mill located at Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania along Jordan Creek. It was built in 1807 and is a three-story fieldstone mill and measures approximately 30 feet wide and 58 feet deep. It has a slate roof. The Township of Whitehall acquired the property by eminent domain in 1963.
 Lerchenborg is a manor house located 4 km south of Kalundborg on the west coast of Zealand Denmark. It is the clubhouse for the Royal Tarok Club (DKT); the owner a Tarok player himself chairs the club which was founded in 2008. The DKT is noted for occasional sightings of minor Danish celebrities such as members of the Wedell noble family; Nils Foss a film director; the owners of the Asbæk art gallery; Ole Mathiesen watchmaker; and most famously HRH Henrik Prince Consort of Denmark.
 The Menlo Avenue - West Twenty-ninth Street Historic District is a historic district in the North University Park section of Los Angeles which is itself part of the city's West Adams district. The area consists of late Victorian and Craftsman-style homes dating back to 1896. The area is bounded by West Adams Boulevard on the north Ellendale on the east West Thirtieth Street on the south and Vermont Avenue to the west.
 The Occidental Life Building is a historic office building in Albuquerque New Mexico in the United States. Featuring an unusual Venetian Gothic Revival architectural style inspired by the Doge's Palace in Venice the building is one of the city's most recognizable landmarks and has been described as unique in the country.The building was designed by Henry C. Trost and opened in 1917.
 The Mansfield Covered Bridge is located in Parke County Indiana in the village of Mansfield Indiana and was designed and built by J. J. Daniels in 1867 to cross the Big Raccoon Creek in Parke County IN. The bridge is 247 feet (75 m) long.The Mansfield Covered Bridge is located at Mansfield Rd. (historic) and Big Raccoon Creek in Mansfield IN 47872 just southeast of Rockville Indiana.
 St. John the Baptist Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 118 High Street in the village of Sanbornville in Wakefield New Hampshire in the United States. Built between 1874 and 1877 to fulfill the dying wish of a prominent local woman the church was consecrated on September 14 1877 by the Rt. Rev. William Woodruff Niles the third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New Hampshire. On June 7 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St.
 Prozor Fortress (Croatian: Tvrđava Prozor or Gradina) is a medieval fortress situated in the continental part of Split-Dalmatia County in inland Dalmatia just above the town of Vrlika in Croatia. From its origin as a small stronghold built by the ancient Illyrian tribe Dalmatae it developed into a fortress in the 15th century during the reign of the Croatian feudal lord Hrvoje Vukčić.
 The Epiphany Chapel and Church House is a historic church at Odenton Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a one-story gable-roofed frame building constructed in 1918 and laid out in cruciform plan in the Arts and Crafts style. It is significant for its association with the mobilization of the United States military for World War I since it was constructed adjacent to Camp Meade (now Fort George G. Meade) a major training camp for troops bound for the front.
 The Reformed Dutch Church of New Hurley is located on NY 208 roughly 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the hamlet of Wallkill. The current church built in the 1820s in the Greek Revival style replaced an older church on the same site that was one of the first structures built by the early settlers of the region.It is all that is left of the former hamlet of New Hurley. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982.
 The Château de Vixouges (or Château de Vixouze) is a medieval castle in the commune Polminhac in the Cantal département of the Auvergne in France. The entire castle including the kitchen dining room the room on the first floor of the keep the room on the second floor with a monumental fireplace the room with pilasters the room in the north room the chapel and the bakery was classified on 7 November 2000 as a monument historique. .
 CentralPlaza Phitsanulok is a shopping mall in Mueang District Phitsanulok.
 The Saint Louis Galleria (or St. Louis Galleria) is a shopping mall in the St. Louis suburb of Richmond Heights. The mall is owned and operated by General Growth Properties.
 St. Severin's Old Log Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located in Cooper Settlement Pennsylvania United States. The church was built by German settlers in about 1851 and served until about 1880. It is a 1 1⁄2-story log structure with a gable roof and steeple. The building measures approximately forty-five feet in length by twenty-four feet in width and rests upon a rock foundation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 St. Charles Towne Center is a two-level enclosed shopping in the planned community of St. Charles. Built in 1988 it covers an area of 981000 sq ft (91100 m2) and is currently the only regional mall in Southern Maryland. In addition to Waldorf and St. Charles the mall also serves the southern suburbs of Washington D.C. and has a trade area population of approximately 311000.
 The Church of Santa Bárbara (Portuguese: Igreja de Santa Bárbara) is a Roman Catholic church in the civil parish of Santa Bárbara municipality of Vila do Porto in the archipelago of the Azores. Located in the valley of the same name the parochial church of Santa Bárbara was constructed sometime in the early 15th century and served the impoverished parish throughout its history supported by personal donations and community assistance.
 Trinity Lutheran Church is a historic church in Atkins Arkansas.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Saba Tower 4 is a proposed mixed use tower to be built in Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates when completed it will have 994 car parking space retail coffee areas and a 28 metre tall roof feature covering an area of 60921 m2.
 Camp Washington Chili is a Cincinnati chili parlor founded in 1940 by Steve Andon and Fred Zannbus in the neighborhood of Camp Washington near downtown Cincinnati in southwestern Ohio. A well known Cincinnati landmark the parlor is located at 3005 Colerain Avenue and the current owner is the Greek-born John Johnson. The restaurant left its old location and moved to a site a few lots away in 2000 after being told to vacate by the city in order to widen Hopple Street.
 Ilaro Court (pronounced: il'larō kôrt) is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Barbados. Ilaro Court was designed and built in the early 1920s by Lady Gilbert Carter an American artist whose husband Sir Gilbert Thomas Carter was Governor of Barbados from 1904 to 1911. The name Ilaro was derived from a town in Nigeria where the Governor was stationed when he was an officer.
 The Mayo Hotel is a historic building located in downtown Tulsa in Oklahoma USA at 115 West 5th Street. This Chicago School (Sullivanesque) building was built in 1925. It was designed by the architect George Winkler and financed by John D. and Cass A. Mayo. The base of two-story Doric columns supports fourteen floors marked with false terracotta balconies and a two-story crown of stone and a dentiled cornice It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Hancock Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Hancock Street in Quincy Square across the street from the United First Parish Church in Quincy Massachusetts United States. It is named after Reverend John Hancock (1702–1744) father of Founding Father John Hancock.The cemetery was founded in 1640 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Thompson House is a historic house on N. Country Road in Setauket Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1709 and is a saltbox form dwelling. It is a rectangular timber frame two story building with a one story wing. It features a steeply pitched asymmetrical gable roof with a central brick chimney.It added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Mary Ray Memorial School now the Raymond Community Center is located on Raymond Sheddan Avenue in Raymond Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 23 2013. The school was founded in 1908 as a one room school house. When the school opened it had around 30 students. In 1909 there was around 70 students and a wing was added.
 St. Michael's Cathedral (Russian: Собор Архангела Михаила) also known as the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel (Russian: Собор Святого Архангела Михаила) is a cathedral of the Orthodox Church in America Diocese of Alaska at Lincoln and Matsoutoff Streets in Sitka Alaska. The earliest Orthodox cathedral in the New World it was built in the nineteenth century when Alaska was under the control of Russia. After 1872 the cathedral came under the control of the Diocese of Alaska.
 Sr. Augustine's Church is a Roman-Catholic church on Jagtvej in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen Denmark. A former convent which was built in association with the church now houses Niels Steensens Gymnasium a Catholic upper secondary school and a hall of residence.
 Abner Woodworth House is a historic home located at Benton in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1830.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Al Assad University Hospital in Damascus is one of the largest teaching hospitals in Syria. It was founded in 1988 and is run by the Ministry of Higher Education. The hospital is affiliated with Damascus University.
 The Anderson-Clark Farmstead located at 378 W. Clark St. in Grantsville Utah also known as the J. Reuben Clark Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. The listing included 13 contributing buildings on 3.2 acres (1.3 ha).It is historically significant for association with Grantsville's agricultural development for association with the Anderson and Clark families and for its distinctive collection of agricultural outbuildings.
 Chichester Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 611 Meetinghouse Road near Boothwyn in Upper Chichester Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. This area near Chester was one of the earliest areas settled by Quakers in Pennsylvania. The meetinghouse first built in 1688 then rebuilt after a fire in 1769 reflects this early Quaker heritage. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Toine Hermsen is a restaurant located in Maastricht in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars from 1993 to present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.Toine Hermsen is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 The Detroit Masonic Temple is the world's largest Masonic Temple. Located in the Cass Corridor of Detroit Michigan at 500 Temple Street the building serves as a home to various masonic organizations including the York Rite Sovereign College of North America. The building contains a variety of public spaces including three theaters three ballrooms and banquet halls and a 160 by 100 feet (49 m × 30 m) clear-span drill hall.
 for the hotel in Calais see Hôtel Meurice de Calais.Le Meurice (nickname: The Hotel of Kings) is a 5-star hotel in the 1st arrondissement of Paris opposite the Tuileries Garden between Place de la Concorde and the Musée du Louvre on the Rue de la Rivoli. From the Rue de la Rivoli it stretches to the Rue du Mont Thabor. Founded in 1815 the hotel is considered to be one of France's great old hotels. As of 2011 there are 160 rooms. The hotel employs around 400 people.
 Grafton Downtown Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Grafton Taylor County West Virginia. It encompasses 72 contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They include the business and commercial core of Grafton. Most of the buildings in the district date from 1890-1920 and are generally of brick or frame construction. Notable buildings include the Grafton Hotel and the B & O station both built in 1911 and the Post Office built in 1913.
 The Belcher-Rowe House is a historic house at 26 Governor Belcher Lane in Milton Massachusetts.It was built in 1776 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Key West Shipwreck Museum (formerly Shipwreck Historeum) is located in Key West Florida United States. It combines actors films and actual artifacts to tell the story of 400 years of shipwreck salvage in the Florida Keys. The museum itself is a re-creation of a 19th-century warehouse built by wrecker tycoon Asa Tift.
 Tower 25 is a 62 metre highrise building located in the centre of Nicosia the capital of Cyprus. It was designed by the world-famous architect Jean Nouvel and it is a major addition to Nicosia's landmarks thanks to its original design and its location.The ground floor and the mezzanine areas are for retail spaces as well as restaurants. The six floors above them will be offices offering views of the city in all directions.
 Company Business Towers is a mixed use commercial development complex (with two towers) in the city of São Paulo Brazil that was completed in 2013 and one of the two towers would be 189 meters (620 feet) tall and would be the tallest skyscraper in Brazil in 2013. The project comprise high end residential units commercial office and retail space as well as a hotel.The project was modified and the tallest tower will not have this height. The actual height of the building is 158 m (518 ft).
 The Capitol Theatre is a historic theatre located in the village of Port Chester Westchester County New York. It was designed by noted theater architect Thomas W. Lamb (1871 - 1942) and built in 1926. The 1800-seat facility currently operates as a concert venue hosting musicians and occasionally comedians as owned and operated by NYC-based concert promoter Peter Shapiro.
 Old Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 66 Allen Street in Pittsfield Massachusetts. It is located roughly behind the Old Town Hall in Pittsfield's Park Square Historic District.The station's general location has been used since about 1844 as a site for fire companies. A previous building located across the street was destroyed by fire in 1859.
 Kirkwood is a historic plantation house in Eutaw Alabama. The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1934 and by Carol M. Highsmith in 2010. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1976 due to its architectural significance.
 The Hendre (a farmer's winter residence; literally meaning old home) is Monmouthshire's only full-scale Victorian country house constructed in the Victorian Gothic style. It is located in the parish of Llangattock-Vibon-Avel some 4 miles (6.4 km) north-west of the town of Monmouth.
 The Forest Hills School in Franklin Tennessee was built in 1907. Along with Liberty School and Liberty Hill School it is one of the three best surviving examples in Williamson County of one room schoolhouses built during 1900-1920. While most of these schools have been lost they once provided the majority of public education in the county.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The property is denoted WM-670 among Williamson County's historic resources.
 Union Church and Burial Ground (also known as the Old Mud Church) is a historic church and cemetery on E. Presqueisle Street in Philipsburg Pennsylvania.A log meetinghouse was built in 1820 by the 57 residents of Philipsburg for a cost of $343.
 Royal Garden Hotel is a 5 red star hotel in London England. It is located in the heart of Kensington on Kensington High Street overlooking Kensington Palace and gardens. The palace Hyde Park and the Royal Albert Hall can all be seen from the hotel.
 Al-Shibani Building (Arabic: كنيسة الشيباني‎) also called Al-Shibani School and Church (Arabic: مدرسة وكنيسة الشيباني‎) is a 12th-century religious and cultural centre located in Al-Jalloum district at the heart of the Ancient City of Aleppo Syria. The complex is located to the west of Al-Saffahiyah mosque and to the south of Suq Khan Al-Nahhaseen.
 The George H. Miller House is a historic house located at 405 W. Market St. in Bloomington Illinois. Prominent local architect George H. Miller built the house in 1890 for himself and his family. Miller designed many new buildings in downtown Bloomington after a 1900 fire destroyed much of the area; he also served as Superintendent of U.S. Buildings and designed many federal buildings in the Midwest. Miller's house is an eclectic variation on the Queen Anne design.
 The Peel Art Gallery Museum and Archives (PAMA) is a museum art gallery and archives for the Peel Region located in Brampton Ontario Canada. Previously it was the Peel Heritage Complex. Its facilities were originally the Peel County Courthouse Brampton Jail (also known as the Peel County Gaol) a land registry office and a county administration building.
 William and Victoria Pulver House is a historic home located at Snyderville in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1875 and is a two story square plan wood frame building with a hipped roof. It has two one story hipped roof wings. Also on the property is a shed and garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Seamen's Home is a three star hotel in Nuuk Greenland. Housed in a distinctive red building it has 41 rooms 37 of which are en suite. 18 of the rooms overlook Nuuk Port. The hotel has four large rooms for the disabled. The main restaurant for guests is the Cafeteria Garni.The hotel also has a conference room for 30 people.
 St Michael's Church Marbury also known as St Michael and All Angels Marbury stands on a small rise overlooking Big Mere in the village of Marbury Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is combined with those of St Chad Tushingham and St Mary Whitewell.
 The Minnesota Governor's Residence serves as the official home of the governor of Minnesota. The house located at 1006 Summit Avenue in Saint Paul is on 1.5 acres (0.61 ha) of land. The building is slightly more than 16000 square feet (1500 m2) in size.The house was designed by Minneapolis architect William Channing Whitney for Saint Paul lumber businessman Horace Hills Irvine and his family. The 20 room English Tudor house has nine bedrooms eight bathrooms and nine fireplaces.
 The Proximity Hotel located in Greensboro North Carolina is the first Platinum LEED certified green hotel in the United States. Opened in 2007 This 147-room luxury boutique hotel has over 5000 square feet (460 m2) of meeting and event space as well as a full-service restaurant. The hotel utilized more than 70 sustainable practices during construction and is a model for green hotel construction.
 The Museum of Indian Culture is a non-profit organization and educational center. Founded in 1980 it is dedicated to presenting preserving and perpetuating the history of the Lenape and other Northeastern Woodland Indian cultures. The Museum of Indian Culture is located in the Lehigh Parkway at 2825 Fish Hatchery Road in Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania.
 The Engine Company 16 Fire Station is located in Hartford Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1927 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1989.
 Stratfield Saye Priory was an alien priory belonging to the Abbey of Vallemont located at Beech Hill in the Berkshire part of the parish of Stratfield Saye (in England).It was established in 1169 or 1170 and dissolved in 1399. The site is occupied by an 18th-century house called 'The Priory'.
 The Park Theatre in Estes Park Colorado was built in 1913 and is the oldest operating cinema in the western United States. Designed by Clyde Anderson it features an 80-foot-tall (24 m) neon-outlined tower added by Ralph Gwynn in 1922.
 The Foreman-Roberts House formerly the James D. Roberts/House and now also known as the Foreman-Roberts House Museum is a historic house (and museum) located at 1217 N. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada. The house was built in 1859 and was moved to the present location in 1873. Known also as the Thurman Roberts House it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Wexham Park Hospital is an NHS hospital at the northern fringe of Slough Berkshire part of the Heatherwood and Wexham Park Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.The hospital opened in 1965 in a countryside setting.
 Clayton H. Delano House is a historic home located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. The home was built in 1857 in the Italianate style and remodeled and enlarged between 1884 and 1891 in the Queen Anne style. It is an irregularly massed 2 1⁄2-story slate-roofed clapboard-sheathed house with a 3-story square tower with a pyramidal hipped roof. It has a 1 1⁄2-story shed-roofed wing. A sunflower motif appears on the exterior and interior.
 Longfellow School (also known as Deniston School) at the corner of Monroe Street and McClure Avenue in Swissvale Pennsylvania was built in 1902. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 28 1984.The building was in use as residential apartments until February 2012 when residents were evicted based on a determination by the Swissvale Fire Chief that the building had become uninhabitable.
 The Kansas City Title and Trust Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception Church Mount Poinsur Borivali (West) has been a Roman Catholic Parish from 1547 to 1739 and again from 1912 onwards. Its present clergy are Fr. Barthol Barretto (PP) Fr Vincent Barboza Fr Melroy Mendonca Fr Oscar Mendonca and Fr Desmond Fernandes.
 The Manzanita Lake Naturalist's Services Historic District encompasses the historic area devoted to visitor interpretation services at the northwest entrance of Lassen Volcanic National Park. The district's earliest structures were built by Benjamin and Estella Loomis who were instrumental in the establishment of the park and among the park's first concessioners.
 San Barnaba is a Roman Catholic church located at the intersection of Via Giovanni Chiassi and Via Carlo Poma in Mantua.
 Kelly House or Kelly Residence is located at 2205 East Genesee Street in Syracuse New York. It was built in 1923. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes such as the adjacent Collins House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house features a Mercer tile fireplace with tiles depicting 12 trades and built-in bookcases.The house fronts on East Genesee Street but is on an L-shaped lot which provides access to Allen Street as well.
 Thingwall Hall is a former stately home situated in the Knotty Ash district of Liverpool England. The grade II listed building was built early in the 19th century and was originally set in 60 acres (240000 m2) of grounds. It can upon occasion be mistaken for the nearby Thingwall House.
 Stanley House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It is was built about 1857 and is a two story Greek Revival style frame dwelling with clapboard siding and a rubblestone foundation faced with roughly hewn limestone blocks. Also on the property are a contributing 19th century carriage house and privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Old St. Anthony's Catholic Church (Violet Museum) is a historic church at S. Violet Rd. and TX 44 in Violet Texas.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Brookwood Hills is a historic neighborhood located in intown Atlanta Georgia USA north of Midtown and south-southwest of Buckhead. Home to about 1000 people it was founded in the early 1920s by Benjamin Franklin Burdett and his son Arthur. The site of the neighborhood is located where some of the bloodiest battles of the American Civil War took place during the Atlanta Campaign.
 The First United Methodist Church in DeWitt Arkansas was built in 1923. It was designed by Thompson & Harding in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Uist and Barra Hospital is a NHS hospital in Benbecula serving the islands of North Uist South Uist and Benbecula in the Western Isles of Scotland.
 Erskine L. Seeley House is a historic home located at Stamford in Delaware County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a 2 1⁄2-story balloon frame house clad in wood clapboard siding on a bluestone foundation. The front facade features a 2-story three-sided canted bay window under a large projecting gable. Also on the property is a small carriage house converted to a garage in the early 20th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Texas Trail Stone Corral near Imperial Nebraska was built in 1874 and is a rare surviving artifact of cattle drives along the Texas Trail. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a Nebraska historic resource NeHBS no. CH00-041.The site has two surviving walls of a c. 1876 dry stone corral. It is on a property that was once a 640-acre ranch property.
 The Fountain at Alamo Cement Company is a Faux Bois sculpture by artist Dionicio Rodriguez. The sculpture is a concrete pond covered by a concrete palapa style roof . The sculpture was posted to the National Register of Historic Places on August 9 2005.
 John Knauer House and Mill also known as Knauer Mill is a historic grist mill complex located in Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The site is located in the Hopewell Big Woods. The complex was built between about 1785 and 1790 and includes the stone mill 2 1/2-story stone miller's house a stone and frame barn and a small stone house. The miller's house is five bays by two bays and is in the Georgian style.
 Spellow Lane Church is in Walton Liverpool Merseyside England (grid reference SJ357938).
 The Davis-Ercanbrack Farmstead at 2044 S. Main St. in Orem Utah United States was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included four contributing buildings on 8.1 acres (3.3 ha).The core of the house dates from c.1870 but alterations since have been so considerable that no part clearly evokes that era. The historically significant period of the surviving property dates from 1905. Also fruit was first grown on the property in 1905.
 Tyska kyrkan (German Church; German: Deutsche Kirche) sometimes called St. Gertrude's Church (Swedish: Sankta Gertruds kyrka) is a church in Gamla stan the old town in central Stockholm Sweden.Located between the streets Tyska Brinken Kindstugatan Svartmangatan and Prästgatan it is named for standing in the centre of a neighbourhood that in the Middle Ages was dominated by Germans.
 Magness-Humphries House is a historic home and farm located near Gaffney Cherokee County South Carolina. It was built in 1904 and is a two-story frame Queen Anne / Classical Revival style farmhouse on brick and rock piers. It features a steep hipped roof cross-facing gables dormers stained glass roof cresting and decorative chimneys. The property includes a number of contributing outbuildings including a barn smoke house/potato house and gear room date to 1871.
 The Landa Residence (built in between 1911-1913) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Riversdale neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Thomas E. Heath Saskatoon's Early Fire Chief lived in the home from 1913-1915. In 1921 the house became the family residence of William and Fanny Landa the first Jewish family to settle in Saskatoon.
 Inspira Health Network is a charitable nonprofit health care organization formed in November 2012 by the merger of South Jersey Healthcare and Underwood-Memorial Hospital. It is affiliated with the Jefferson Medical College Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center and Philadelphia College of Pharmacy among others. UMH is home to over 1800 full and part-time employees and a medical staff of almost 400.
 The Merchants Bank Building is a historic building at 32 Westminster Street in Providence Rhode Island.The bank was built in 1855 by Alpheus C. Morse and Clifton A. Hall in an Italianate style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. Today the building is surrounded by much larger modern skyscrapers in the financial district of Providence.
 The Ivan Franko Museum is a museum dedicated to Ukrainian writer and poet Ivan Franko (1856–1916) in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.
 Solitude Plantation House is located in St. Francisville Louisiana. It was built in 1815 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 27 1983.
 The Turkmenistan tower (Turkmen: «Türkmenistan» teleradio merkezi) is a communications and observation tower in Ashgabat Turkmenistan. It was completed in 2011. The height of the tower - 211 meters is the highest architectural structure of Turkmenistan.
 The Ormonde Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dumfries Museum and Camera Obscura located in Dumfries in Dumfries & Galloway is the largest museum in the region. The museum has extensive collections relating to local and history from the pre-historic era. The museum also has the worlds oldest working Camera Obscura. Admission is free however a small fee applies for the Camera Obscura.
 NORAD Control Centers (NCCs) were Cold War joint direction centers for command control and coordination of ground-controlled interception by both USAF Air Defense Command (ADC) and Army Air Defense Command (ARADCOM).
 Wycombe Village Historic District is a national historic district located in Wycombe Buckingham Township and Wrightstown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The district includes 56 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures in the crossroads village of Wycombe Village. They include a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings and notable examples of Queen Anne and Bungalow/craftsman architecture. Most were built between 1891 and 1915.
 Grand Trunk Station is a historic railroad station in Lewiston Maine.The station located at the corner of Lincoln and Beech Streets was built in 1874 by the Lewiston and Auburn Railroad Company and leased to the Grand Trunk Railway connecting Lewiston with the Canadian National Railway.
 Mount Pleasant Cemetery is a large Victorian-era cemetery in the North Ward of Newark in Essex County New Jersey United States. It is located on the west bank of the Passaic River in Newark's Broadway neighborhood opposite Kearny. It occupies approximately 40 acres (162000 m²) and is widely used as a park.
 The Department Store Historic District is a historic district in the Downtown Hartford neighborhood of the city of Hartford Connecticut USA.It is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) area that in 1995 included three contributing buildings one other contributing structure and one contributing object.
 The Shrine Building also known as Boulevard Shops is an Art Deco commercial building in Miami Florida built in 1930. It was designed by Robert Law Weed and is an elegant local interpretation of the Art Deco style including Seminole Indian motifs.
 The Grass Valley Public Library (renamed the Grass Valley Library-Royce Branch) is a Carnegie library and on the National Register of Historic Places. Located in Grass Valley California and a part of the Nevada County Library System it is open daily except on Sunday
 Ammadelle in Oxford Mississippi is an Italianate mansion that was designed by Calvert Vaux and built by Thomas E. B. Pegues. Final details were incomplete when the American Civil War started and the missing details (balconies across the rear and a wine cellar) were never finished.It is a red brick building with white Italianate trim and black shutters.
 The Col. James Drane House is a Frontier I-House built in 1846. It is located on the historic Natchez Trace at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi USA.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.The house is an attraction for modern visitors to the Natchez Trace.See also Old Natchez Trace segments listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Peter Hansen House located at 247 S. 200 East in Manti Utah was built in 1875. It is historically significant as a Scandinavian-American folk architecture example. It was built by Danish-born brickmason Peter Hansen who immigrated in the 1860s. As brick was rare in Manti before the 1880s it is believed that Hansen fired bricks for this house in a kiln on the property. The house was sold for $500 in 1882.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Fort of Greta (also referred to as the Castelo da Greta Forte da Guia or Forte da Nossa Senhora da Guia da Horta respectively: Castle of Greta Fort of Greta or Fort of Our Lady of the Guide) is a medieval fortification whose remnants are located on the cinder cone of Monte da Guia along the southern coast of the civil parish of Angústias in Horta island of Faial in the Portuguese Azores.
 Hope House is a historic home located near Easton Talbot County Maryland. It is a seven-part brick mansion in which the central block is the original Federal portion built about 1800. The hyphens wings and additions were built during the first decade of the 20th century to replace earlier hyphens and wings. It was home to members of the Tilghman and Lloyd families.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Glenside campus is the home of the School of Health and Social Care at the University of the West of England (UWE) Bristol. It is located on Blackberry Hill in the suburb of Fishponds. Its clocktower is a prominent landmark visible from the M32 motorway.
 The Palmetto Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district bounded by Twenty-first Avenue Seventh Street Fifth Avenue and the Manatee River in Palmetto Florida. It contains 208 historic buildings and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 6 1986. The district includes Palmetto Historical Park and the various historical buildings and museums it contains.
 Farmcote Grange was a medieval monastic grange in Gloucestershire England.
 The College Creek Ranger Station near Imnaha Oregon outside of Enterprise Oregon was built in 1935. It is located along the Imnaha River in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest. It includes rustic architecture of USDA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991; the listing includes four contributing buildings.It was designed by the U.S. Forest Service's Pacific Northwest Region architects and was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 Crum Elbow Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Society of Friends meeting house and cemetery in East Park Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1797 with an addition built about 1810. It is a two story white painted frame building with weather board siding and a moderately pitched gable roof. The surrounding rural cemetery contains plain Quaker style markers dated from about 1797 to 1890.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St. Anthony of Padua Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Fairfield Connecticut United States. Founded in 1927. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport. The architect of the 1970 church was Anthony J. DePace of New York.
 John W. Ferguson House was located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1906 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 23 1980. The house was demolished in September 1988.
 The Hodgdon Homestead Cabin was built by Jeremiah Hodgdon in 1879 in the Aspen Valley area of what became Yosemite National Park. The two story log cabin measuring 22 feet (6.7 m) by 30 feet (9.1 m) was located in an inholding in the park owned by Hodgdon's descendants. In the 1950s the family proposed to demolish the structure.
 The Midland Hotel is a 90-bedroom three-star Victorian hotel in Bradford City Centre owned and managed by London-based Peel Hotels.The architect was Charles Trubshaw who was contracted to design many stations for Midland Railway Company.Construction of the hotel began in 1885 and took five years to complete.It was built by the Midland Railway Company as part of the original Forster Square Railway Station as a showpiece for the company's northern operations.Following the golden age of steam the hotel fell into disrepair until it was bought by Bradford entrepreneur John Pennington in 1992 who restored it and the hotel re-opened as the Pennington Midland Hotel in 1993.It was sold to Peel Hotels in December 1998 who returned it back to its original name.During its life the hotel has played host to many famous guests including Sir Henry Irving an English stage actor who died there in 1905.The corner block of the hotel on Lower Kirkgate (pictured) was made a grade II listed building in 1983.
 Wat Phnom (Khmer: វត្តភ្នំ; Mountain Pagoda) is a Buddhist temple (wat) located in Phnom Penh Cambodia. It was built in 1373 and stands 27 metres (88.5 ft) above the ground. It is the tallest religious structure in the city. The pagoda was given the name of Wat Preah Chedey Borapaut. Wat Phnom is the charming central point of Phnom Penh.
 Cork International Airport Hotel is a hotel located in Cork Airport in the grounds of the Airport Business Park. It is owned and operated by the Tifco Hotels Group. It was officially opened on 1 July 2007. The hotel which is within a five-minute walk of Cork Airport is styled mainly around an aviation theme.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church also known as Old Saint Mary's Church is a historic Episcopal church located on Warwick Road Warwick Township in Elverson Chester County Pennsylvania. The church was built in 1843 and is a one-story rectangular stuccoed fieldstone structure in the Gothic Revival style. It measures 50 feet wide and 70 feet deep. The church is surrounded by the parish cemetery with burials dating to 1806.Founded by Rev.
 Kneuterdijk Palace located in The Hague was once a Royal Palace of the Kings of the Netherlands. Built in 1716 in the Louis XIV style by architect Daniel Marot it was first home to the Count of Wassenaar-Obdam. The palace served as a residence for King William II and his wife princess Anna Paulowna of Russia in the first half of the 19th century when he was still the crown prince.Their grandson crown prince William used the palace from 1858 till his death in 1879.
 One57 formerly known as Carnegie 57 is a 75-story (marketed as 90-story) skyscraper currently under construction at 157 West 57th Street in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. Upon completion in 2014 it will stand at 306 meters (1004 feet) tall making it the tallest residential building in the city however it is projected to be overtaken by 432 Park Avenue once completed in 2015.
 Witherspoon Building is a historic office building located in the Market East neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect Joseph M. Huston (1866–1940) and built between 1895 and 1897. It was built for the Presbyterian Board of Publications and Sabbath School Work. It is an 11-story steel frame E-shaped building faced with brick and granite. It has terra cotta decorative elements.
 St. George’s Church Beckenham is the Church of England parish church of Beckenham Kent.St George's church is the principal parish church and is in the centre of Beckenham. It has been extensively rebuilt but has a 13th-century lychgate that is said to be the oldest in England.The church was originally built in the twelfth century and survived as a “humble medieval church until it was rebuilt 1885-1887 as a “confident town church” by local architect W.
 Oakley is a historic plantation and home located in Spotsylvania County Virginia Virginia. The Federal/Georgian style 2 1/2 -story home was built in 1828 by Samuel Alsop Jr. as a wedding present for his daughter Clementina. Alsop built several notable houses in Spotsylvania County including Kenmore Spotswood Inn and Fairview.Oakley was part of a grant of 7777 acres (3147 ha) given to Gawain Corbin by the King of England. Alsop bought 849 acres (344 ha) in 1816.
 The Colorado Governor's Mansion also known as the Cheesman-Boettcher Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion in Denver Colorado. It is located at 400 East 8th Avenue. On December 3 1969 it was added to The U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Academia de Genealogía y Heráldica Mota-Padilla (Academy of Genealogy and Heraldry Mota-Padilla) was a cultural institution based in Guadalajara Jalisco the second largest city in Mexico. According with an article published in the Genealogical Journal (1971) this institution was the first genealogical association in Latin America.
 Avery Farmhouse is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The house was built about 1850 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a two story T shaped clapboard sided frame building in the Greek Revival style. The main block is flanked by two one story frame wings. It features a giant pedimented portico supported by square columns.
 Cottage Lawn is a historic home located at Oneida in Madison County New York. It is a Gothic Revival style cottage designed by Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1849. It is a two story L shaped house with basement and attic. It is constructed of brick and coated in stucco.
 St. John's Church (Chinese: 圣约翰教堂; Foochow Romanized: Séng Iók-hâng Gáu-dòng) is an abandoned Anglican church located in Lequn Street No. 9 Cangshan District Fuzhou China. It is also known in the Foochow vernacular as 石厝教堂 (Siŏh-chuó Gáu-dòng lit. Stone House Church). Completed in 1860 the church was donated by British people living in Fuzhou in 1858. The church is of a typical Gothic style. T. C.
 The Dascomb House is a historic house at 125 Dascomb Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built c. 1760 by Jacob Johnson a local blacksmith who had his shop on the property. It remained in the Johnson family until 1832 when it was deeded to Jacob Dascomb deacon of the West Parish Church. He fell on financial hard times and sold the property in 1852 after which it has been through a long succession of owners.The house is a typical 2.5 story center chimney Georgian colonial.
 The Albright–Knox Art Gallery is an art museum located at 1285 Elmwood Avenue Buffalo New York in Delaware Park. The gallery is a major showplace for modern art and contemporary art. It is located directly across the street from Buffalo State College.
 Tate St Ives is an art gallery in St Ives Cornwall England exhibiting work by modern British artists. The Tate also manages another earlier property in St Ives the Barbara Hepworth Museum and Sculpture Garden which it opened in 1980.
 Træna Church (Norwegian: Træna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the island/village of Husøya. The church is part of the Træna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1773 and it seats about 200 people.
 Le Bernardin is a Michelin Guide three star Zagat-rated French seafood restaurant located at 155 West 51st Street (between 6th Avenue and 7th Avenue) in Midtown Manhattan in New York City. It was started in 1972 in Paris by Gilbert and Maguy le Coze and moved to New York in 1986.Gilbert le Coze died of a heart attack in 1994 and Eric Ripert succeeded him as the head chef. Signature dishes include kindai maguro (sustainably raised Japanese bluefin tuna) Kobe beef and escolar.
 Arnafjord Church (Norwegian: Arnafjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Nese along the Arnafjorden. The church is part of the Arnafjord parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 170 seats was consecrated on 21 October 1880. The master builder John Gjertsen from Sogndal made the designs while builder Anders Korsvold was responsible for the building.
 The Peter Anderson House was built in 1901. It was a work of architect Montezuma Fuller and it was a work of Thomas Garnick.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Seagoville (FCI Seagoville) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility includes a detention center for male offenders and an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses minimum security-male offenders.FCI Seagoville is located 11 miles southeast of Dallas.
 Aizawl Adventist Hospital is a general hospital with registered capacity of 40 beds situated in Aizawl Mizoram. The hospital is widely known among Mizo people as 7th day Hospital. It is owned and operated by the Christian Medical Foundation of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and is a part of global Adventist healthcare network.
 The Ephraim Hammond House also known as Cedar Hill is a historic house at 265 Beaver Street in Waltham Massachusetts.The two story wood frame house was built in 1775 and is Waltham's only side-hall Georgian house. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. In the 19th century it became part of the Cedar Hill estate of Cornelia Otis Warren after which it was dnoated to the Massachusetts council of the Girl Scouts of the USA in the early 20th century.
 Saxonburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Saxonburg Butler County Pennsylvania. The district includes 54 contributing buildings and 2 contributing objects in the central business district and surrounding residential area of Saxonburg. It includes residential commercial and institutional buildings built between 1831 and 1952 in a number of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival and Gothic Revival.
 The Carnegie Education Pavilion more often known as the Carnegie Monument is a marble beaux-arts monument located in Atlanta Georgia United States. The pavilion was constructed in 1996 from the exterior facade of the Carnegie Library named after Andrew Carnegie. The monument pays homage to the legacy of Carnegie by serving as a monument to higher education in Atlanta with the seals of nine local area colleges and universities embedded in the floor of the monument.
 Congregation Adath Jeshurun is a historic synagogue and church at 397 Blue Hill Avenue in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. As the Jewish community of Roxbury gradually moved away its congregation dwindled and in 1967 it was sold to Ecclesia Apostolic. It was purchased by its present owner the First Haitian Baptist Church in 1978.
 The Clifton Pool and Victoria Public House (grid reference ST576735) is an historic lido and public house situated in Oakfield Place in the Whiteladies Road area of Clifton Bristol England. Also known as the Clifton Lido the pool is an open air swimming pool designed by Richard Shackleton Pope and opened on Monday 29 July 1850.
 The James Nichols House is a historic house at 273 Pearl Street in Reading Massachusetts. Built c. 1795 this 1.5 story gambrel-roofed house is built in a vernacular Georgian style and is a rare local example of the style. There is a late 19th century Queen Anne carriage house on the property.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Royal Waterloo Hospital for Children and Women was a hospital located on the corner of Waterloo Bridge Road and Stamford Street near Waterloo Station in London England.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic Episcopal church at 303-321 N. Cedar Street 322 E. McBee Street in Lincolnton North Carolina.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 St Mary's church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Great Yarmouth Norfolk. It is situated on Regent Road in the centre of the town. It was originally built by the Society of Jesus in the late 1840s and it is now administered by the Diocese of East Anglia. The architect was Joseph John Scoles who also designed the Anglican St Mary's church in the Southtown area of Great Yarmouth and it is a Grade II* listed building.
 Point Pleasant Historic District is a national historic district located at Point Pleasant Mason County West Virginia. The district includes 93 contributing buildings and one contributing site in Point Pleasant's central business district and surrounding residential areas. They are in a variety of late 19th- and early 20th-century architectural styles. Notable buildings include the Mansion House (1796) The Church of Christ in Christian Union (1840) Odd Fellows Hall (c.
 Townhill Park House is a Grade II listed former manor house between the neighbouring housing estates of Townhill Park in Southampton and Chartwell Green in Eastleigh.
 The Old Bank of Louisville is a National Historic Landmark in Louisville Kentucky. Completed in 1837 it was made of brick and limestone. Of United States small-scale commercial architecture it is considered one of the most sophisticated. The narrow downtown lot saw classical idioms adapted to it. Its monumental distyle-in-antis doorway is particularly notable.It was originally thought to be designed by Gideon Shryock but instead was designed by James H. Dakin.
 William King House also known as Royal Oak Farm in Franklin Tennessee was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but was removed from the National Register in 1996.The two-story wood-frame I house was built circa 1854 and included Central passage plan architecture.The National Register listing included a land area of 1.8 acres (0.73 ha).A 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources assessed that this house was one of the best two-story vernacular I-House examples in the county; the others highly rated were the Beverly Toon House the Alpheus Truett House the Thomas Brown House the Claiborne Kinnard House and the Stokely Davis House.
 Americana at Brand is a large outdoor shopping community in Glendale California. The property was built and is owned and operated by Los Angeles businessman Rick J. Caruso and his company Caruso Affiliated. Caruso Affiliated has built and operates of many other projects including The Grove at Farmers Market in Los Angeles CA. Americana at Brand has 75 retail shops including Balizza BCBGMAXAZRIA and Barney's New York Co-op and a variety of dining options.
 Stabroek Market is a large market located in the capital city of Guyana Georgetown.In 1842 the Georgetown Town Council designated the current location of the market on Water Street officially recognizing it as a market despite the fact that it had served such a capacity for quite some time. The market was designed and constructed by the Edgemoor Iron Company of Delaware USA over the period 1880-1881.
 St Mary's Church Newnham Murren is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Newnham Murren Oxfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the end of a farm track overlooking the River Thames near the The Ridgeway long-distance path.
 Frenchville Railroad Station and Water Tank is located in Frenchville Maine. The station and water tank were built in 1910 by the Bangor & Aroostook Railroad and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 20 1995. The station was retired in 1971. The water tower became obsolete in 1958 when the diesel locomotive replaced the steam locomotive.
 The Church Park Historic District is part of downtown Goshen the seat of Orange County New York USA. It takes its name from the large triangular park formed at the center of the village by Main Street (NY 207) Park Place and South Church Street. It is defined as bounded by Green Street on the south Main Street Webster Avenue and then back across Main at Erie Street across the Historic Track to Kelsey Lane South Church Street South Street and back to Green.
 The Bamma Vickers Lawson House (also known as the Lawson House or Parris Lawson House) is a historic house in Sebastian Florida United States. It is located at 1133 U.S. Route 1. On July 26 1990 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Habib Bank Plaza located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan is the head office of Habib Bank. It was Pakistan's tallest building upon completion in 1963. It remained the tallest building for four decades until the 116m tall MCB Tower was completed in 2005. However even after the MCB Tower the Habib Bank Plaza is the fourth tallest building in Karachi today and the ninth tallest in Pakistan.
 Hyatt at Olive 8 is a 39-storey 140 m (460 ft) mixed-use skyscraper featuring 229 residential condominium units above the Hyatt Hotel at Eighth Avenue and Olive Streets in downtown Seattle in Washington state.
 The St. Johns Town Center is an upscale super-regional open-air mall in southeast Jacksonville Florida. It opened its doors on March 18 2005 with over 100 stores many of which were new to the Jacksonville market at the time. The 200-acre (0.81 km2) mall is located at the intersection of J. Turner Butler Boulevard and the Interstate 295 East Beltway. Key tenants are Anthopologie Apple Cache Sephora Williams-Sonoma Lucky Brand Jeans and bebe. P.F.
 The Kerr Community Center originally called Kerr Hall is a community center located in Bastrop Texas United States. The hall was a gathering spot for the African-American community of Bastrop during the time of racial segregation in the United States. The structure was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1978. Kerr Community Center is a two-story wood frame structure built in 1914 by Beverly and Lula Kerr on a lot directly behind their own home.
 Platt-Cady Mansion is a historic home located at Nichols in Tioga County New York. The original Federal structure was constructed about 1827. It is a large two-story brick mansion modified at a later date with a visually dominant columned portico in the Greek Revival style. Also on the property is a large two-story carriage-and-horse barn. The Cady Library has occupied the building since 1941.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Abraham Schell House is a historic two-story house located in Knights Ferry California. It was first built out of sandstone in 1856 for Abraham and Catherine Schell owners of the Rancho del Río Estanislao. Presently it stands the same as it did 154 years ago.
 PNC Bank Building is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington D.C. United States. The building broke ground in 2008 and was completed in 2010. The building serves as an office building for PNC Financial Services and serves as the regional headquarters for PNC Financial Services. The building is 150 feet (46 m) containing 12 floors. The architect of the building is Gensler who designed the postmodern design of the building. The developer of the building is PNC/Vornado.
 Henry Morse House is a historic house located at 32 Cedar Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story The Queen Anne style house was built in 1882 on land that Henry Morse acquired from his father Lovett's estate after his death in 1880.The house is nearly identical in plan to the W.C. Beattie House in Taunton. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Leffingwell Camp Site located on a barrier island of the Arctic coast of Alaska was used by polar explorer and geologist Ernest de Koven Leffingwell in the Anglo-American Polar Expedition of 1906–1908 which aimed to explore the Beaufort Sea. The expedition's ship the Duchess of Bedford was allowed to become locked in ice which eventually destroyed it.The camp site was chosen before the ship was locked in ice and was not merely the nearest landfall.
 The Lafayette Apartment Building is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. George S. Cooper was the architect for this building which was one of the earliest apartment buildings in Washington. Built in 1898 it incorporated elements of the Queen Anne style into an affordable middle-class development. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Ash Street Jail and Regional Lock-Up located in New Bedford Massachusetts is a jail for inmates who are awaiting trial from Bristol County MA. The Ash Street Jail was built in 1888 on the site of the New Bedford House of Correction and the former New Bedford County Jail that was built in 1829. It is currently overseen by Bristol County Sheriff Thomas M.
 The Conway Center Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Conway Massachusetts. The district is focused on Main Street a section of Massachusetts Route 116 that connects two major road intersections on either side of the South River. It includes properties on Main Street Elm Street and Academy Hill Road.
 Huntsman Cancer Institute (HCI) is an NCI-designated cancer research facility and hospital located on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City Utah. It is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center in the Intermountain West. This title ensures patients benefit from the most current screening diagnostic and treatment methods.
 Greene Historic District is a national historic district located at Greene in Chenango County New York.The district includes 141 contributing buildings and one contributing site. It includes the main commercial area and the oldest residential neighborhoods with notable public buildings interspersed. The commercial structures are two or three story frame or brick buildings and include the Sherwood Hotel (1913).
 The Winnipeg Railway Museum is a non-profit organization operated by volunteers from the Midwestern Rail Association. The museum is located on tracks 1 and 2 within Winnipeg's Via Rail operated Union Station in Manitoba Canada.
 The Cunningham Cabin is a double-pen log cabin in Grand Teton National Park. The cabin was built as a homestead in Jackson Hole and represents an adaptation of an Appalachian building form to the West. The cabin was built just south of Spread Creek by John Pierce Cunningham who arrived in Jackson Hole in 1885 and subsisted as a trapper until he established the small ranch in 1888.
 Café Boulud is a French restaurant located at 20 East 76th Street (between Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue) inside the Surrey Hotel on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It is owned by French celebrity chef and restaurateur Daniel Boulud. Boulud is New York City's longest-tenured four-star chef.The restaurant opened in 1998. It is named for a restaurant just outside Lyons France that was once owned by Boulud's family.
 Farnes Church (Norwegian: Farnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Årdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Øvre Årdal. The church is part of the Øvre Årdal parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The large red brick church was built in 1970. The building was designed by the architect Per Solemslie from the architecture firm Arnstein Arneberg. The church was consecrated on 12 April 1970 by the bishop Per Juvkam.
 Harry Wood House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1853 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay center-entrance plan dwelling with a gable roof and clapboard sheathing. The entrance features a transom and sidelights with a pent roof and balustraded porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Grand Hyatt is located at the southern end of the Constitution Avenue currently under construction in Islamabad on a 13.5-acre (5.5 ha) site and is served by two major highways (Sharah-e-Kashmir to the north and Murree road to the south).This development consists of a 45-storey hotel and serviced apartments tower along with two smaller 20-storied residential & office towers.
 The Lucian Blaga National Theatre (Romanian: Teatrul Naţional Lucian Blaga) in Cluj-Napoca Romania is one of the most prestigious theatrical institutions in Romania. The theatre shares the same building with the Romanian Opera.
 The Eagle Warehouse & Storage Company commonly referred to as the Eagle Warehouse is a notable building located in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Brooklyn architect Frank Freeman and completed in 1894 it had a number of uses before being converted into apartments in 1980. Described as a masterpiece the building was designated a New York City landmark in 1977. It is a contributing building in the Fulton Ferry District listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Logan/Esterly Upper Ditch is an abandoned artificial watercourse in the Illinois River Valley of northern California and southern Oregon United States. Built in 1854 to supply water from the river's East Fork in California to several hydraulic mines in Oregon it quickly returned a large profit to its investors. The ditch supplied mines worked by its own owners as well as providing water for sale to other nearby diggings and incidentally powering at least one sawmill.
 The Basilica of Sant'Andrea is a Roman Catholic co-cathedral and minor basilica in Mantua Lombardy (Italy). It is one of the major works of 15th century Renaissance architecture in Northern Italy. Commissioned by Ludovico III Gonzaga the church was begun in 1462 according to designs by Leon Battista Alberti on a site occupied by a Benedictine monastery of which the bell tower (1414) remains. The building however was finished only 328 years later.
 Thomas Maslin House also known as Mortimer Gamble House and Maslin-Gamble House is a historic home located at Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built in 1848 and is a two story brick dwelling with a vernacular Federal style. It features a single-bay pedimented portico supported by paired Ionic order columns. Above the four panel entrance is a semi-elliptical fanlight.
 The Rand Building is a skyscraper and the third tallest building in Buffalo New York. At the time it was built in 1929 it was the tallest in the city at a height of 391 feet (119 m). Built on the site of the 1903 Olympic Theatre it has been suggested that the Rand Building was the inspiration for the Empire State Building.The building is named for George Rand a prominent Buffalo financier in the 1920s.
 Cirsti Manor (Latvian: Cirstu muižas pils) is a two-storey manor house built in 1886 in Neo-Gothic red brick style in the historical region of Vidzeme northern Latvia. Unusual to Neo-Gothic structures in Latvia the hexagonal three-storey manor tower is detached from the main building.
 The National Farmers' Bank of Owatonna Minnesota is a bank building designed by Louis Sullivan with decorative elements by George Elmslie. It was built in 1908 and was the first of Sullivan's jewel boxes. The building is clad in red brick with green terra cotta bands and features two large arches. Internal elements include two stained-glass windows designed by Louis J.
 The Alpine City Hall on N. Main St. in Alpine Utah was built in 1936. It includes elements of Classical Revival and Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It is one of 40 buildings in Utah County that was built with Works Project Administration depression-era funding. It is also one of few buildings in Alpine having period revival architecture.
 Tianjin Chow Tai Fook Binhai Center is a skyscraper under construction in Tianjin China. It is expected to be completed in 2017.
 Mystic Seaport or Mystic Seaport: The Museum of America and the Sea in Mystic Connecticut is the largest maritime museum in the world. It is notable for its collection of sailing ships and boats and for the re-creation of the crafts and fabric of an entire 19th-century seafaring village. It consists of more than 60 original historic buildings most of them rare commercial structures moved to the 17-acre (0.069 km2) site and meticulously restored.
 St John the Baptist's Church Arkholme is in the village of Arkholme Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Margaret Hornby St John the Evangelist Gressingham and St Michael the Archangel Whittington-in-Lonsdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company-Senior Hotel at 296 S. Main St. in Springville Utah was built in 1900. It has also been known as Caffrey and Davis Furniture Company and as Robinson Bros. Music Co.. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.The building was first a furniture and music store then a billiard parlor during approximately 1920 to 1928 or 1929 and then a hotel into the 1960s.
 Balthazar is a French brasserie restaurant located at 80 Spring Street (between Broadway and Crosby Street) in SoHo in Manhattan in New York City. It opened on April 21 1997 and is owned by celebrity chef Keith McNally. Two years after its opening it was still reportedly the hottest reservation in the city.
 The RSA Plaza is an office building in Montgomery Alabama. It was one of the first office buildings built by Retirement Systems of Alabama in the city. It contains office storage and event space.
 Kilinochchi Hospital is a government hospital in Kilinochchi Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in Kilinochchi District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 110 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kilinochchi District General Hospital.
 Aviation Mall is a major regional shopping mall in Queensbury New York. It serves the extreme northern portion of the Capital District (Albany Metropolitan Area) as well as the Glens Falls/Lake George area. The mall has a gross leasable area of 630000 square feet (59000 m2). It is owned and managed by The Pyramid Companies.
 The National Museum of Cambodia (Khmer: សារមន្ទីរជាតិ Sala Rachana) in Phnom Penh is Cambodia's largest museum of cultural history and is the country's leading historical and archaeological museum.
 Roholte Church (Danish: Roholte Kirke) is a church located in the village of Roholte between Faxe and Præstø in Roholte Parish Faxe Municipality Region Zealand Denmark. From 1441 to 1677 the church belonged to the king. In 1737 it became the property of Otto Thott. It remained in the Thott family until 1953. The original architecture is in the Late Gothic style with additions in 1500 and renovations in 1884. The interior is a mix of Gothic and High Renaissance styles.
 The Ausadie Building at 845 First Ave. SE in Cedar Rapids Iowa is a historic building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was designed by architect William J. Brown and was built in 1923. It shows Colonial Revival and Bungalow/Craftsman architecture.It was listed on the NRHP in 2004. The listing includes a multiple dwelling a secondary structure and a garden.The building was built by Loomis Bros. Construction who also built the Consistory Building No.
 Nathaniel Friend House is a historic home located at Petersburg Virginia. It was built in 1815-1816 and is a 3 1/2-story six bay Federal style brick commercial / residential building. It has a rear ell that may incorporate the original kitchen and smokehouse. The house was built by the wealthy import-export merchant Nathaniel Friend Jr. who also served as the Mayor of Petersburg in 1812-13.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Larnaca Synagogue located in the seaside resort town of Larnaca Cyprus was inaugurated on September 12 2005. It is the island's first and only synagogue and until its opening the only European Union member to lack a synagogue.This is a historic event for Cyprus Chief Rabbi of Israel Yona Metzger told a 100-strong crowd at the inauguration ceremony.
 The Divine Lorraine Hotel also known as the Lorraine Apartments stands at the corner of Broad Street and Fairmount Avenue in North Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Designed by architect Willis G. Hale and built between 1892 and 1894 the building originally functioned as apartments housing some of Philadelphia's wealthy residents. Lorraine Apartments was one of the most luxurious and best preserved late 19th-century apartment houses in Philadelphia.
 The Garrett Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 13-story limestone faced skyscraper which combines the Commercial style with Renaissance Revival detailing. It was designed and built in 1913 by the Baltimore architects J.B. Noel Wyatt and William G.
 The Bay City Walking Dredge is a historic structure in Collier County Florida. It was built in 1924 and declared a National Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark in 1994. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 2013. It is located at 20200 E. Tamiami Trail in the vicinity of Naples Florida at Collier-Seminole State Park. The dredge was used to construct part of the Tamiami Trail.
 The Pen Centre (originally The Niagara Peninsula Shopping Centre) is the largest mall in the Niagara Region located in St. Catharines Ontario. At one point The Pen was the fourth largest mall in Canada[1] with over one million square feet of floor space. Located next to the Highway 406 it features over 180 stores three major department stores a supermarket six restaurants a ten-screen movieplex a women-only health club and five big-box format stores.
 James W. Hoge House is a historic home located at Winfield Putnam County West Virginia. It was built in 1838 and is a one-story Federal-style side-gable brick dwelling measuring 18 feet by 47 feet. It features stepped parapets at the gable ends and a decorative brick cornice. Also on the property is the Hoge Cemetery containing approximately 24 graves of Hoge family members.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 James Smith House is a historic colonial house at 706 Great Plain Avenue in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 311 South Wacker Drive in Chicago USA is a post-modern 65-story skyscraper completed in 1990. At 961 feet (293 m) tall it is the seventh tallest building in Chicago and the 16th tallest in the United States. It was once the tallest reinforced concrete building in the world. The building is also the tallest building in the world known only by its street address.The lower level of the winter garden was designed for a possible connection via underground passageway to Chicago Union Station.
 The Museum of Natural History (Serbian: Природњачки музеј / Prirodnjački muzej) is a museum in Belgrade Serbia. Founded on 19 December 1895 it one of the oldest specialised scientific institutions set up in Serbia.It has about 900000 items and the following collections: minerals rocks hunting trophies palaeontological zoological and botanical collections. It publishes its own bulletin the Glasnik.
 John Welsh House also known as Rauhala is a historic home located at Wyndmoor in Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1867 and expanded in 1892. It consists of an asymmetrical Gothic Revival cottage in front of a cubic Italianate style cottage. The house is built of cut and squared Wissahickon schist.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The U.S. Post Office (now known as the Woonsocket YMCA) is a historic building at 295 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The building was constructed as a post office in 1910 on the site of a former Methodist church. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It now serves as a YMCA building.
 The Millen-Schmidt House is a historic residence in Xenia Ohio United States. Built in the late nineteenth century it was named a historic site after surviving a massive tornado.Eli Millen settled in Xenia in 1837 having left South Carolina because of his sense of revulsion toward slavery. After operating a dry goods store for several years he expanded his operation to include pork packing and butchering.
 Orford Priory was a priory in Stainton le Vale Lincolnshire England.
 The Mansion of Miša Anastasijević (Serbian: Капетан Мишино здање) is one of the most notable buildings in Belgrade Serbia. It is the University of Belgrade's administration and governance building.The building was built in 1863. It had been originally designed to serve for the anticipated court of the grandson of Karađorđe Petrović who was married to Captain Miša’s youngest daughter Sara.
 The Mall at University Town Center is a shopping mall under construction in Sarasota Florida and it anticipates opening on October 16 2014. Saks Fifth Avenue Macy's and Dillard's plan to anchor the mall; other establishments already signed up for mall space include The Cheesecake Factory Kona Grill and The Capital Grille. The compound is a traditional suburban enclosed shopping mall with two levels.
 The Shaffer's Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Conemaugh Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877 and is a 68-foot-2-inch-long (20.78 m) Burr truss bridge with a shingle covered gable roof. The bridge crosses Ben's Creek. It is one of 10 covered bridges in Somerset County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Matthew’s Church is a Church of England church in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is a Grade II* listed building. which occupies a prominent position at the junction of Brixton Road Brixton Hill and Effra Road.
 St Cuthbert's Church Over Kellet is located in the village of Over Kellet Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Piatt's Landing was an early nineteenth century riverboat and ferry landing on the Ohio River in Boone County Kentucky. It is located near Route 338 almost due west of downtown Union. The landing and Winnfield Cottage which no longer exists were built by Robert Piatt the grandfather of Civil War General Edward Canby. Ferries owned by the Piatts crossed the Ohio River to Indiana at several points; Touseytown to Lawrenceburg Rabbit Hash to Rising Sun and East Bend to North Landing.
 Wesley Chapel also known as the Hopetown Church is a historic church building in the unincorporated community of Hopetown Ohio United States. Built for a Methodist congregation the church's earliest portion was constructed in 1834; this rectangular structure forms the core of the present building.
 The Spring Valley Presbyterian Church also known as the Zena Church in the community of Zena is a Presbyterian congregation approximately 10 miles northwest of Salem Oregon United States. According to a commemorative plaque in front of the church it was built in 1859 with volunteer labor. The lumber came by boat on the Willamette River to the community of Lincoln. The bell came from England via Cape Horn.Directly adjacent to the church is a small cemetery of approximately 100 headstones.
 St. Mary's Convent is located in St. Nazianz Wisconsin. It was built by Ambrose Oschwald the Roman Catholic priest who founded St. Nazianz. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Café Henry Burger was a restaurant in Gatineau Quebec near Ottawa.The restaurant was opened in 1922 by Swiss immigrant Henry Burger. The business expanded to include a hotel but the business was forced to close following the 1929 stock market crash. The restaurant reopened on Laval Street and in 1936 Burger died and his wife Marie-Anne Monnin took over the business.
 Westfield Plenty Valley is a shopping centre in the suburb of Mill Park in Melbourne Victoria Australia. Until its expansion in 2008 it was known as Plenty Valley Town Centre and hosted one major store (Coles Supermarket) and approximately 22 specialty stores.Westfield commenced a re-development program for the centre in 2007 expanding the area to 53086 m2at a cost of approx A$200 million.
 Nathanael's Church (Danish: Nathanaels Kirke) is a Church of Denmark parish church in Holmbladsgade in Amager Copenhagen Denmark.
 Podmaine Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Подмаине) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in 15th century by the Crnojević noble family in Podmaine near Budva Zeta (modern day Montenegro) The monastery has two churches smaller and older church of Dormition of the Mother of God was built by Crnojević noble family in the 15th century while bigger church (of St. Petka) was built in 1747.
 The Keystone Work Center in Medicine Bow National Forest near Albany Wyoming was built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 for its architecture. It was designed by USDA Forest Service Region 2 in USFS rustic architecture and served as a government office. The NRHP listing included four contributing buildings on an area of 20 acres (8.1 ha).
 The Gem Saloon at 808 Main St. in Thompson Falls Montana was built in 1914. It is a historic building listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It has also been used by and known as Napa Auto Parts and has served as a restaurant too.
 Indian Range is a historic home at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame hip-roofed Carpenter Gothic style country villa with board and batten siding steeply pitched cross gables and tall chamfered chimneys. It was built about 1852.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Internationales Maritimes Museum Hamburg (International Maritime Museum) is a private museum in the HafenCity quarter of Hamburg Germany. The museum houses Peter Tamm's collection of model ships construction plans uniforms and maritime art amounting to over 40000 items and more than one million photographs. It opened in a former warehouse in 2008.
 İlyas Bey Mosque is a historical Islamic religious building at Milet in Didim district of Aydın Province western Turkey. It was built in 1403 by Ilyas Bey (1402–1421) ruler of the Turkish Menteşe emirate.
 The Villa Marlia or Villa Reale di Marlia — a late-renaissance palazzo or villa and its estate's property that includes renowned gardens and adjacent villas and follies within the compound. It is located in Capannori in the Province of Lucca west of Florence in the northern Tuscany region of Italy.
 The Kinzan Kōzan-ji (金山功山寺) is a temple of the Rinzai sect in Shimonoseki Yamaguchi Prefecture Japan. It was established by Kyoan Genjaku in 1327.Kōzan-ji's Butsuden completed in 1320 is a National Treasure of Japan. This architecture in Zenshūyō (禅宗様) (aka Zen'yō) style (Zen style) combining Japanese and Chinese design features. It is the oldest building designed in the Zenshūyō style that exists in Japan. The Chūgoku 33 Kannon Pilgrimage No.19.
 Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad (1896 Olympics in Athens Greece). With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.The Sailing program of 2008 consisted of a total of nine sailing classes (eleven disciplines).
 The Blue Lake Museum located in the former Arcata and Mad River Railroad depot at Railroad and G Streets Blue Lake California has photos and artifacts of Blue Lake pioneer local Indian logging and railroad history.The museum is open to the public for free during certain hours April through September and by appointment in the winter.
 The Lamta Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Lamta.
 The Ashley-Willis House located in the town of Williston South Carolina is a notable as one of the few intact gable-front Greek Revival residences in the state. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 2004.
 Old Mill at Tinton Falls is located in Tinton Falls Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The mill was built in 1676 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24 1973.
 The Sweet Auburn Historic District is a historic African-American neighborhood along and surrounding Auburn Avenue east of Downtown Atlanta Georgia United States. The name Sweet Auburn was coined by John Wesley Dobbs referring to the richest Negro street in the world.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Petersburg Low is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates. It is part of the Petersburg Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) in Virginia and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders.FCC Petersburg is located in Prince George County 25 miles southeast of Richmond Virginia the state capital.
 The Yale University Art Gallery houses a significant and encyclopedic collection of art in several buildings on the campus of Yale University in New Haven Connecticut. Although it embraces all cultures and periods the Gallery possesses especially renowned collections of early Italian painting African sculpture and modern art. Its holdings of American decorative and fine arts are amongst the best in existence.
 The Tucker County Courthouse and Jail in Parsons West Virginia was built between 1898 and 1900 in a combination of Flemish Renaissance and Romanesque Revival styles. The red pressed-brick structure is flanked by a jail and jailer's residence built in 1896 in a similar style.The main courthouse was designed by architect Frank P. Milburn and built by P.O. Shrake. Milburn was a prolific designer of courthouses in West Virginia and across the southern United States.
 The Alice Springs Juvenile Holding Centre an Australian medium to maximum security prison for juvenile males and females is located in Alice Springs Northern Territory Australia.
 The Colored Cemetery on 10th Avenue in Columbus Georgia was founded in 1845. It has also been known as Porterdale Cemetery. It includes work by Edward Lloyd Thomas. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980; the listing included 17.6 acres (7.1 ha).
 St. George's Parish Vestry House also known as Spesutia Vestry House is a historic Episcopal vestry house located at Perryman Harford County Maryland. It is a small structure of Flemish bond brick construction dating to about 1766.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Scandic Victoria Tower is a skyscraper hotel in the Kista district of Stockholm Sweden. It is also known as the Victoria Tower however the Scandic name is used to distinguish it from the Victoria Tower that forms the southwest end of the Palace of Westminster. The 117 metre hotel is the tallest building in Stockholm as well as the tallest hotel in Scandinavia. It is named for the Princess Victoria the heiress-apparent to the Swedish throne.
 Zuiō-ji (瑞応寺) is a Sōtō Zen monastery in Niihama Ehime Prefecture in Japan.
 W San Francisco is a 31 floor 96 m (315 ft) highrise luxury boutique hotel in San Francisco California located next to the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and across from Moscone Center. The tower was constructed by Webcor Builders and opened in 1999. The building was the tallest concrete-framed structure in San Francisco until The Paramount was completed three years later.
 Gadsden Hotel is a historic building in Douglas Arizona. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1976. Since July 2013 the hotel is operated by Peak Management of Albuquerque New Mexico.
 St George's Church is the only English-speaking Anglican congregation in Lisbon Portugal. It is located north of the Estrela Garden and can be entered through a gate at Rua São Jorge 6.
 The Haven Hotel is an AA four star hotel in Sandbanks near Poole Dorset on the south coast of England.
 Emerson Tower often referenced as Emerson Bromo-Seltzer Tower is a 15-story 88 m (289 ft) skyscraper erected in 1911 at the corner of Eutaw and Lombard Streets in Baltimore Maryland designed by Joseph Evans Sperry for Bromo-Seltzer inventor Captain Isaac E. Emerson.It was the tallest building in Baltimore from 1911 until 1923.
 The Garfield County Frontier Fairgrounds near Burwell Nebraska also known as Burwell Rodeo Ground is a historic property with significance dating to 1922. A 40-acre (16 ha) area was listed as a historic district on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included 13 contributing buildings and seven other contributing structures.By the mid-1980s it was Nebraska's oldest rodeo venue in which the original buildings were still being used for their original purposes.
 The Mackay School of Earth Sciences and Engineering formerly Mackay School of Mines is a specialized school within the University of Nevada Reno. It is named after John William Mackay. In June 1908 the Mackay School of Mines was presented to the University of Nevada as a memorial to him by his widow and his son Clarence H. Mackay. A statue of John Mackay by Gutzon Borglum stands in front of the mining building on the main quad of the campus.The W.M.
 River Falls Mall is a shopping center in Clarksville Indiana on Lewis and Clark Parkway (formerly State Road 131). From its opening in 1990 until 2006 the center was an enclosed mall with 762000 square feet (70800 m2) of gross leasable area. It originally comprised multiple entertainment venues and retail.
 Bryn Athyn-Lower Moreland Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located between Bryn Athyn and Lower Moreland Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1828 and in 1858. It has two 12-foot-long (3.7 m) semi-circular spans with an overall length of 75-foot (23 m). The bridge crosses a branch of Pennypack Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Old Hattiesburg High School located at 846 North Main Street in Hattiesburg Mississippi was utilized as a public school building from around 1911 to 1959. The building was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1986 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. In 2007 the structure was heavily damaged by arson.
 Hotel Pullman is a hotel building located in Bucharest. It has 12 floors and a surface of 18000 sqm. Its building is connected to the World Trade Center. The hotel building formerly operated under the Sofitel brand.
 Beach Road 2 is an award-winning two-story Atlantic beach house built between 2004 and 2005 on the foundation of a previous house in the North Beach Road area of Jupiter Island Florida. Designed in the modernistic style by Hobe Sound architect Scott Hughes of Hughes Umbanhowar and built by Benchmark Homes it features an exterior of glass wood stucco and aluminum.
 The Upper Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin was built in 1925 in Glacier National Park. The National Park Service Rustic as a shelter (about one day's travel or eight to twelve miles) for rangers patrolling the backcountry. The design is similar to that used in Yellowstone National Park which was in turn adapted from U.S. Forest Service shelters which were themselves adaptations of trapper cabins.
 The O'Hara Student Center formerly the Concordia Club is a three-story 18000-square-foot (1700 m2) building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh on O'Hara Street in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District and the City of Pittsburgh Oakland Civic Center Historic District. The building to the university in mid-December 2009.
 Rivière-du-Loup Town Hall is the seat of local government in Rivière-du-Loup Quebec Canada. It is located at 189 Lafontaine Street.It was designed by architect Georges Ouimet in incorporating references to the Arts and Crafts Movement and the Second Empire style. It was built by contractors Lachance et Fils and was completed in 1916. It was enlarged from 1972 to 1973.It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada on November 23 1984.
 200 West Street also known as the Goldman Sachs Tower is the global headquarters of the Goldman Sachs investment banking firm. The building is a 749-foot-tall (228 m) 44-story building located on West Street between Vesey and Murray Streets in Lower Manhattan. It is adjacent to the World Financial Center and the Conrad Hotels across the street from the Verizon Building and diagonally opposite the World Trade Center site and One World Trade Center.
 Grane Church (Norwegian: Grane kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Grane about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the municipal center of Trofors. The church sits along the European route E06 highway just 250 metres (820 ft) from the river Vefsna. The church is the main church for the Grane parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Cathedral of St. Mary is a Catholic cathedral located in Fargo North Dakota United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Fargo. St. Mary's parish was founded in 1880. St. Paul Minnesota architect Edward P. Bassford designed the present church building in the Romanesque Revival style. It was dedicated on May 30 1899.
 Werribee Plaza shopping centre is a major regional retail complex located in the suburb of Hoppers Crossing approximately 29 kilometres south-west from the Melbourne CBD in Victoria Australia. The Shopping Center has 250 Stores and includes a Kmart Big W Coles Woolworths JB-HI-FI Best & Less and Village Cinemas.On the 3rd of February 2014 it was announced that Werribee Plaza will be rebranded as a part of a 370 million dollar redevelopment.
 The Elmira Coca-Cola Bottling Company Works is located at 415 West Second Street Elmira New York. It was built in 1939 in the Art Moderne style. The building was designed by architect Lucius Read White Jr. The structure is significant for its architecture and its role in industry and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The building is no longer a bottling plant and now used by G. O. Wick Inc.
 Carelshaven is a restaurant and hotel located in Delden Netherlands. It has a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1973-1986.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 11.0 out of 20 points signalling it as an honest to interesting restaurant.De building in which Carelshaven is housed is originally built in 1772. It was built as an inn to serve travellers along the Twickelervaart (canal) who often stopped for the night in the small harbour.
 Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences was established on November 19 1983 as an autonomous organisation on the pattern of All India Institute of Medical Sciences New Delhi. The estimated budget was 110 Crore rupees which was later revised to 133 Crores. It is one of the main health care institutions in the state of Bihar. It is the only superspecialist institute of Bihar.
 High Roller is a 550-foot tall (167.6 m) 520-foot (158.5 m) diameter giant Ferris wheel on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas Nevada. The High Roller is the world's tallest Ferris wheel 9 ft (2.7 m) taller than the 541-foot (165 m) Singapore Flyer which held the record from its opening in 2008 until High Roller opened to the public on March 31 2014.
 The General Hospital of Mexico (Hospital General de México HGM) is a hospital in Mexico City operated by the federal government.The Metro Hospital General serves the hospital.
 Sigerfjord Church (Norwegian: Sigerfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sigerfjord. The church is part of the Sortland parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1933 and designed by Harald Sund. The church seats about 280 people.
 Burlington Northern Depot is a property in Amenia North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was built in 1880 and was designed and/or built by the Northern Pacific Railroad. The listing included one contributing building. The depot served Amenia until 1974.
 The John Hoxsie House (or Old Kenyon Farm) is an historic house in Richmond Rhode Island.The house was built in 1784 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Martinsburg Mining Manufacturing & Improvement Co. Historic District is a national historic district located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It encompasses 289 contributing buildings located within 19 city blocks and built between 1891 and 1952. It includes a residential area developed by the Martinsburg Mining Manufacturing & Improvement Co. as worker housing.
 Stårheim Church (Norwegian: Stårheim kyrkje) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Stårheim. The church is part of the Stårheim parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1864 by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch. The church seats about 350 people.
 The Joseph Reynolds House is a National Historic Landmark in Bristol Rhode Island built in 1700. It is located on Hope Street (RI 114).
 Pera Museum is a private museum in the Tepebaşı quarter of the Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey. It was founded by the Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation with the aim of offering a broad range of high-quality culture and arts services. Inaugurated on 8 June 2005 the museum is located in the historic building of the former Hotel Bristol which was designed by architect Achille Manoussos and built in 1893.
 Fremont Older Open Space Preserve is a 739-acre (299 ha) regional park located in Santa Clara County California and operated by the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District. The preserve contains 14.7 miles (23.7 km) of hiking trails nearly all open to equestrians and bicycles. The area has been owned by the district since 1975.The preserve is named after San Francisco newspaper editor Fremont Older a previous owner.
 Pennsylvania Railroad Office Building is a historic office building located in the University City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1927 and is a 14-story brick and limestone building in the Classical Revival style. It consists of a four-story limestone and terra cotta base topped by a 10-story E-shaped tower of buff colored brick.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 CityCentre is an upscale mixed-use development in Houston Texas. It was originally known as Town & Country Mall competing with the then upscale West Oaks Mall and neighboring Memorial City Mall. It was supposed to surpass the older Memorial City Mall but never did due to its location.The lot was bought out by Midway Companies and closed to develop a new shopping residential and business center known as CityCentre Houston.
 Waihee Church (also known as Waihee Protestant Church) is a historic church in Waihee Hawaii. The church was built in 1848 for Waihee's missionary congregation which was established circa 1830 by Jonathan S. Green. The church was built with lava rock and has a limestone foundation and wooden siding. A wooden bell tower originally topped the building; however it was removed in 1987 due to termite and storm damage.
 The Lake Quinault Lodge was built in 1926 in Olympic National Forest in Washington USA. The hotel was designed by Robert Reamer a Seattle architect in a rustic style reminiscent of Reamer's work at the Old Faithful Inn in Yellowstone National Park. It is a notable example of a rustic wilderness lodging suited to its woodland environment on the southern side of the Olympic Mountains.
 Fortrose Cathedral was the episcopal seat (cathedra) of the medieval Scottish diocese of Ross. It is probable that the original site of the diocese was at Rosemarkie but by the 13th century the canons had relocated a short distance to the south-west to the site known as Fortrose or Chanonry. According to Gervase of Canterbury in the early 13th century the cathedral of Ross was manned by Céli Dé (culdees).
 English Martyrs' Church Wallasey is in St George's Road Wallasey Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The DuPage County Historical Museum formerly the Adams Memorial Library is a building designed by Charles Sumner Frost in Wheaton Illinois United States.
 The Church of the Holy Annunciation is a Serbian Orthodox church in Dubrovnik south Croatia. It was built in 1877 inside the Walls of Dubrovnik in the old town. The church sustained damage from bombing during the Siege of Dubrovnik.
 Agrigento Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Agrigento Cattedrale Metropolitana di San Gerlando) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Agrigento Sicily dedicated to Saint Gerland. Founded in the 11th century it was consecrated in 1099 as the seat of the restored bishop of Agrigento. The diocese was elevated to an archdiocese in 2000 and the cathedral is thus now the seat of the Archbishop of Agrigento.
 The East Main Street Historic District is a small residential historic district in Waltham Massachusetts. It encompasses part of an area that was before the 1813 construction of the Boston Manufacturing Company further west developing as a center of the community. Because of the company's economic influence the center was more fully developed further west and East Main Street became a fashionable area for upper class housing.
 Karlskirche (St. Charles's Church) is a baroque church located on the south side of Karlsplatz in Vienna Austria. Widely considered the most outstanding baroque church in Vienna as well as one of the city's greatest buildings Karlskirche is dedicated to Saint Charles Borromeo one of the great reformers of the sixteenth century.Located on the edge of the Innere Stadt approximately 200 meters outside the Ringstraße Karlskirche contains a dome in the form of an elongated ellipsoid.
 The Preston School of Industry also known as Preston Castle was formerly one of the oldest and best-known reform schools in the United States. It is located in Ione California in Amador County.The institution was opened in June 1894 when seven wards (minors under the guardianship of the state but not necessarily juvenile offenders) were transferred there from San Quentin State Prison.
 CaroMont Regional Medical Center formerly Gaston Memorial Hospital is a public not for profit hospital located in Gastonia North Carolina United States. It serves Gaston and surrounding counties. The hospital was organized in 1946 as a memorial to all local soldiers who died in World War II and the present Court Drive facility opened in 1973.
 Kistrand Church (Norwegian: Kistrand kirke) is a parish church in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Kistrand. The church is part of the Porsanger parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1856 by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch. The church seats about 194 people.
 The Whaley House is an 1857 Greek Revival style residence a California Historical Landmark and museum located in Old Town San Diego California. It is currently maintained by Save Our Heritage Organisation (SOHO).The Whaley House was the home of Thomas Whaley and his family. At various times it also housed Whaley's general store San Diego's second county courthouse and the first commercial theater in San Diego. The house has witnessed more history than any other building in the city.
 The Allen-Beville House was constructed between 1848-1850. The house is in the Douglaston section of the borough of Queens in New York City. It is one of the few surviving 19th century structures in Queens built as a farmhouse that survives.The site was inherited by Daniel K. Allen from his uncle Richard Allen. Originally a farm of 16 acres (65000 m2) he had purchased the land from Elijah Allen Philip Allen and Cornelius Van Wyck prior to 1820.
 Holy Name Cathedral formally the Cathedral of the Holy Name is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago one of the largest Roman Catholic dioceses in the United States. It is also the parish church of the Archbishop of Chicago. Located in Chicago Illinois in the United States Holy Name Cathedral replaced the Cathedral of Saint Mary and the Church of the Holy Name both destroyed by the Great Chicago Fire in October 1871.
 The Columbia County Courthouse built in 1905 is an historic courthouse building located at 173 NE Hernando Avenue in Lake City Florida. It was designed by noted architect Frank Pierce Milburn in the Classical Revival style of architecture. It was built with a dome and cupola which were removed before 1989 but were restored in 2003 during a major renovation and expansion of the courthouse.
 The Cathedral of the Archangel (Russian: Архангельский собор or Arkhangelsky sobor) is a Russian Orthodox church dedicated to the Archangel Michael. It is located in Cathedral Square of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia between the Great Kremlin Palace and the Ivan the Great Bell Tower. It was the main necropolis of the Tsars of Russia until the relocation of the capital to St.
 El-Djazair is a hotel in Algiers Algeria. The hotel contains 296 rooms and has 7 senior and 19 junior suites. It is noted for its Algerian French and Chinese cuisine.
 The Bank of America Center is an 18 story highrise building in Baltimore Maryland at 100 South Charles Street.
 Rikshospitalet (The National Hospital) is located in Oslo Norway. From January 1 2009 the hospital is part of Oslo University Hospital.It is a highly specialized university hospital with special assignments in research and the development of new methods of treatment.
 Northgate Church Chester is located in Upper Northgate Street Chester Cheshire England. It is an active church and part of the Lifelink International family of churches. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Wat Chetawan (Thai: วัดเชตวัน) is the famous Buddhist Thai temple complex in Klang Valley Malaysia. This temple is located at Jalan Pantai off Jalan Gasing Petaling Jaya Selangor. Its official name is Thai Buddhist Chetawan Temple (Thai: วัดพุทธไทยเชตวัน).
 Floyd Medical Center (originally Floyd Hospital) is a system of health care providers serving Northwest Georgia and Northeast Alabama since 1942. Located in Rome Ga. it is Floyd County’s largest employer with over 2000 employees.Floyd and its affiliates are now operated by Floyd Healthcare Management Inc. The Floyd family of health care services provides a full spectrum of health care services from prenatal childbirth classes to grief support groups through Heyman HospiceCare at Floyd.
 The Columbia Museum of Art is an art museum in the American city of Columbia South Carolina.
 The Houston Harte University Center serves the recreational and community needs of students at Angelo State University in San Angelo Texas U.S. The center was named for Houston Harte founder of the Harte-Hanks media company and a contributor to the university. It measures over 110000 sq. ft. making it one of the larger student centers in the country.
 Jacob L. Frey Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a two-story irregular brick building with a raised basement and gable front roof. It is three bays wide and approximately 60 feet deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 St Mary's Church Preston is in St Mary's Street Preston Lancashire England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church and was converted into a conservation centre in 2006. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 North Main Street Historic District in Canandaigua New York is a historic district that was listed on the NRHP in 1973.Significant buildings are the First Congregational Church the 1812 built courthouse which was city hall by 1972 and a dozen Federal and Greek Revival architecture houses.The First Congregational Church in the district was covered in a HABS survey. In 1984 it was incorporated into the Canandaigua Historic District.
 Kaikorai Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian congregation of the PCANZ Presbyterian Church of Aotearoa New Zealand located in Kaikorai a suburb of Dunedin New Zealand.Kaikorai Presbyterian Church has stood at the crossroads of Taieri Road and Nairn Street since 1868.
 The Lewis June House in Ridgefield Connecticut USA also known as Scott House was built in circa 1865 in Second Empire style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Ponies from the circus operated by Lewis June were wintered on the property.
 The Edward Little House is an historic house at 217 Main Street in Auburn Maine within the Main Street Historic District.The house was built in 1827 and was home to Edward Little. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Veeder Farmhouse #1 is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1830 and is a two story frame building on a cut stone foundation in the Greek Revival style. There is a one and one half story rear ell. It features a recessed center entrance with sidelights and transom. It is a sister house to the Veeder Farmhouse No. 2.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 351 is a 165000-square-foot office building currently under construction by East Port Properties. The high-rise is being built in downtown St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador at 351 Water Street. The office building is the first to be constructed in the downtown in 25 years and is expected to be completed in 2013.
 The Grand Trianon (French pronunciation: ​[ɡʁɑ̃ tʁijanɔ̃]) was built in the northwestern part of the Domain of Versailles at the request of Louis XIV as a retreat for the King and his maîtresse en titre of the time the marquise de Montespan and as a place where the King and invited guests could take light meals (collations) away from the strict étiquette of the Court.
 Burg Lockenhaus (Hungarian Léka) is a castle and medieval fortress located in the Güns Valley in the southeastern part of Lockenhaus in Burgenland eastern Austria. The castle was built in Romanesque and Gothic architectural styles around 1200 and was initially called Leuca or Léka. It is part of the Naturpark Geschriebenstein.
 East Windsor Hill Historic District is a historic district located in the northwestern corner of the town of South Windsor Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The district runs along both sides of Main Street from the Scantic River south to the Edwards Cemetery. The district also includes areas west of Main Street to the Connecticut River including properties along Ferry Lane.
 Mill Owners’ Association Building commonly confused with 'Ahmedabad Textile Mill Owners' Association House' (ATMA House) is a modern architecture building in Ahmedabad India designed by French architect Le Corbusier. Its many walls (with windows in between) slant and there are trees actually growing out of the side of it. Also the drainage system is built into the handrails of the balconies.
 Mount Holly Cemetery is the original cemetery in the Quapaw Quarter area of downtown Little Rock Arkansas United States and is the burial place for numerous Arkansans of note.
 The Purdy Bridge is a continuous hollow-box girder bridge that spans 550 feet (170 m) (with a central span of 190 feet (58 m)) over Henderson Bay connecting Purdy Washington USA with the Purdy Sand Spit Park. It was built on September 29 1937 and at the time was the longest continuous box girder bridge in the US at a cost of $62000 from a design by Homer M. Hadley.
 The Ball–Ehrman House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The William A. McHenry House Denison Iowa is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is maintained as a museum by the Crawford County Historical Society and is open for tours.The Oscar of Donna Reed who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1953 is on display at William A. McHenry House.
 Upper Shirley is a historic plantation home located near Charles City Charles City County Virginia. The original section was built in 1868-1870 and enlarged to its present size in 1890. It is a two-story nearly square stucco covered brick dwelling with an overhanging hipped roof. It measures approximately 42 feet by 47 feet. The front facade features a portico with stylized Doric order columns.
 Sofitel Alger Hamma Garden is a hotel in Algiers Algeria operated by Sofitel part of the Accor group. The hotel contains 334 rooms eleven junior suites eleven senior suites and two opera suites. Its restaurants are Le Continental which serves French cuisine El Mordjene serving Algerian cuisine and Le Difa which serves Mediterranean cuisine in a buffet. The hotel has its own 18-hole golf course.
 Wilkesboro Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 205 E. Main Street in Wilkesboro North Carolina. It was built in 1849-50 in the Greek Revival style then popular with a prominent tetrastyle portico. The brick exterior is otherwise plain with a somewhat incongruous Victorian-era belfry over the portico. The interior is similarly plain with plastered walls and a wood board ceiling.
 Thaddeus Chapin House is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story six-bay brick dwelling on a slightly raised basement in the Federal style. It was built in the 1820s. Also on the property is a late 19th-century frame barn. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was an early example of the archaeological phase of Gothic Revival architecture designed by the Philadelphia architect John Notman. It was originally built in 1851 at the corner of Grant and Diamond as an overflow church or chapel of ease for Trinity Episcopal Church. The church and its site were purchased by Henry Clay Frick. The building itself was donated back to the congregation.
 The First Unitarian Church is a historic church at 7 Park Street in Peabody Massachusetts. The wood frame church was built in 1826 when the area was known as South Danvers. The front facade has a projecting rounded entrance hall decorated with pilasters and a heavily bracketed cornice. The main part of the facade also has pilasters rising to a pedimented gable that has large-scale dentil molding. The side walls have six lancet-style windows.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Otisville (FCI Otisville) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates near Otisville New York. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Otisville is located in southeastern New York State near the Pennsylvania and New Jersey borders and 70 miles northwest of New York City.
 Mosque Maryam (Temple #2) is a large mosque in Chicago Illinois United States and the headquarters of the Nation of Islam. It is located at 7351 South Stony Island Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood. Louis Farrakhan's headquarters are located on these premises. Originally the Greek Orthodox Church of Saints Constantine and Helen it was purchased in 1972 by Elijah Muhammad. The mosque was then repurchased by Louis Farrakhan 17 years later in 1988.
 The U.S. Post Office and Immigration Station–Nogales Main is a building in Nogales Arizona that was built in 1923. It was listed for its Classical Revival architecture in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Also known as Nogales Main Post Office and Immigration Station it served historically as a post office and as a government office building.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church and the oldest surviving religious structure in the village of Put-in-Bay Ohio. It is located at Catawba Ave and Lakeview Dr. on South Bass Island in Lake Erie. The parish is part of the Episcopal Church The parish will celebrate the 150th anniversary of the congregation's formation in 2014 and the 150th anniversary of the completion of the church building in 2015. Due to the unique history of the parish St.
 The Morgans Hotel is a hotel in Swansea Wales. Describing itself as Swansea's only boutique hotel the hotel is the only Welsh Tourist Board five star-rated hotel in Swansea although it is only rated as four star by international standards. The hotel occupies a Grade II listed building adjacent to the offices of the South Wales Evening Post in the Maritime Quarter formerly used by Associated British Ports.
 St. Paul's Reformed Church in Navarre Ohio also known as St. Paul's German Reformed Church as St. Paul's Evamgelical and Reformed Church as St. Paul's UCC Church and as St. Pauls Community Church is a historic church at 9669 Erie Ave. SW in Navarre Ohio.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 Milton Keynes Hospital is a district general hospital serving Milton Keynes its borough in Buckinghamshire and the surrounding area of south Northamptonshire and north-west Bedfordshire. It is located in the neighbourhood of Eaglestone and opened in 1984. It is managed by Milton Keynes Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. With the projected further growth of Milton Keynes and its population the hospital expects to be expanding its services over the next 20 years.
 Health First Strathcona Primary Care Centre opened in Sherwood Park in February 2004. The facility was opened to complement the regular care provided by family physicians by providing after hours care for illness and injuries that cannot wait.
 Uzu Hotel or Ozoo or Ouzou Hotel is a hotel in Benghazi Libya overlooking the 23 July Lake of the inner harbour. It contains 184 rooms (or 262 according to another source) and is served by the Jasmine Cafe.The hotel was once nearly destroyed by a missile.
 The Hunter-Dulin Building is a 25-story 94 m (308 ft) class A office building in the financial district of San Francisco California. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was totally restored and renovated between 1999 and 2001.
 Fagnolle Castle (French: Château de Fagnolle) is a castle in Belgium in the village of Fagnolle in the municipality of Philippeville province of Namur and in the Fagne region. The castle was formerly the centre of government of the small independent Barony later County of Fagnolle. It was constructed in the 12th century and is now ruined.
 The Ballaine House is a historic homestead in Seward Alaska United States. The home was built in 1905 by prominent Seward businessman Frank Ballaine. Frank was the brother of John Ballaine who is considered the founding father of Seward. It is currently a bed and breakfast.
 Ytterøy Church (Norwegian: Ytterøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located on the island of Ytterøya just north of the village of Hokstad. The church is part of the Ytterøy parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church building was constructed in 1890 by the architect K. Guttormsen. The church seats about 350 people.
 The Coronet John Farnum Jr. House built circa 1710 is one of the oldest homes in the historic Blackstone Valley town of Uxbridge Massachusetts. On November 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Holdrum-Van Houten House is located in Montvale Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1780 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Joseph Rothrock House is a historic home located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1858-1859 and consists if a 2 1/2-story three bay main section with a 2 1/2-story gabled ell in the Gothic style. Later additions have been made to the ell. It is constructed of brick and features a full width front verandah.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The McGregor Museum in Kimberley South Africa originally known as the Alexander McGregor Memorial Museum is a province-aided museum established in 1907.
 Restaurant 't Misverstant is a restaurant located in Den Bosch Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1984-1995.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 14 out of 20 points.The star was gained under the leadership of head chef Alexander Koene He voluntarily gave up the Michelin star due to the immense pressure related to it.
 J. Ball House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a vernacular Greek Revival style frame house built about 1850. It consists of a two story three bay gable roofed main section with a one story two bay side ell. Also on the property is a large gambrel roofed dairy barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wheeler House Complex is a historic home and commercial structures located at Leonardsville in Madison County New York. The complex consists of the Weheeler House and bank the carriage house and the Wheeler commercial block. The Wheeler House was built in 1874 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame building with an engaged octagonal tower in the Italianate style.
 The Queen City Pool and Pool House also known as the Queen City Pool is a historic bathhouse and swimming pool located in Tuscaloosa Alabama USA. The bathhouse and pool were added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 9 1992 due to their architectural and historical significance.
 US Post Office-Frankfort is a historic post office building located at Frankfort in Herkimer County New York United States. It was built in 1940-1941 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story five bay steel frame building on a raised foundation in the Colonial Revival style. It features a three bay central pavilion surmounted by a slate covered hipped roof.
 Opequon Golf Club also known as the Stonebridge Golf Club and Martinsburg Golf Club is a historic country club clubhouse located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. The clubhouse was built in 1922 and is a one story Adirondack Lodge Style stone building with a wraparound porch on the north and west sides. It has a steep gable roof with a chimney at the west end. The porches have hip roofs and feature exposed rafter ends and stone columns. It sits on a raised basement.
 The Dusit Residence also known as the Roshana Tower is a 35-floor tower in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 174 m (571 ft). The building topped out in early 2007 and was completed in early 2008.
 The George and Temperance Adams House on West 400 South in Orem Utah was built in 1895 and was expanded in 1903. It includes Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The house is architecturally significant as an example of economic prosperity enabling better building methods. The house is built with brick upon adobe and has more detail than previous common types of homes.
 Byhalia United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building on College Avenue in Byhalia Mississippi.The Late Gothic Revival style building was constructed in 1906. It was added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Ormsby-Rosser House at 304 S. Minnesota St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house that was built during 1862-63. It was home of the widow of Major William B. Ormsby who was killed in 1860 in the Pyramid Lake War. The house hosted Mark Twain and others. It was later owned by carpenter/cabinet-maker Sture Svensson who added an addition in 1960.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Cornersville United Methodist Church formerly Cornersville Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 100 S. Mulberry Street in Cornersville Tennessee.Its building was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Barrett House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1835 and is a three story three bay brick building in the Greek Revival style. It is on a raised basement and features brownstone trim and a third story Eastlake style porch. During the first half of the 20th century it was owned by local artist Thomas Barrett a founder of the Dutchess County Art Association.
 The U.S. Custom House or U.S. Customhouse is the custom house in Charleston South Carolina. Construction began in 1853 but was interrupted in 1859 due to costs and the possibility of South Carolina's secession from the Union. After the Civil War construction was restarted in 1870 and completed in 1879. The building was placed on the National Register of Historical Places on October 9 1974. It is also a contributing property of the Charleston Historic District.
 State Theatre originally known as Neumeyers Vaudeville House and now the State Theatre Center for the Arts is an historic theater located in the City of Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. The building began to take its present form in 1910 when modified from a bank building to a vaudeville house. The building was extensively modified in 1926 to include a larger auditorium balcony and lush decorations.
 The Morrow County Courthouse is a building in Heppner in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1902–03 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was among the early commissions of architect Edgar M. Lazarus.Built on the site of an earlier courthouse made of wood the two-story building is made of locally quarried dark blue basalt and lighter trim stone from quarries near Elgin and Baker.
 Robinsons Place Santiago is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Malls the second largest mall operator in the Philippines. The mall openned on the 19th of February 2014. It is the 37th of Robinsons Land Corporation and the first and largest full service mall in Cagayan Valley.Robinsons Place Santiago is located along National Highway Barangay Mabini Santiago City.
 Jabez Howland House is a historic house at 33 Sandwich Street in Plymouth Massachusetts.The house was built by Jacob Mitchell (son of Pilgrim Experience Mitchell) in 1667 and purchased by Jabez Howland son of Mayflower passengers John Howland and Elizabeth Tilley Howland two of the original Pilgrims. John and Elizabeth Howland lived in Jabez Howland's home after their own house burned.
 The Shockoe Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery located on Shockoe Hill in Richmond Virginia.
 St Paul’s Church is situated within the English city of Sheffield on Wordsworth Avenue in the northern suburb of Parson Cross. St Paul’s is a modern looking post war church which has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
 Hermitage Plaza is the project made of a podium and 6 buildings of which two towers proposed by Hermitage Group for Paris-La Défense business district. Upon completion the two towers will be the tallest buildings in the European Union.
 The Brokers Exchange in Tonopah Nevada also known as the Tonopah Divide Mining Company and now known as the Tonopah Senior Center was built in 1905 during Tonopah's mining boom. Originally a two story building it was rebuilt after a 1919 fire destroyed the upper floor to house the Tonopah Divide Mining Company offices. The building occupies a corner lot with four storefront bays facing Brougher Avenue and a diagonal entrance at the corner of St. Patrick Street.
 St Botolph's-without-Aldersgate is a Church of England church on Aldersgate Street in the City of London dedicated to St Botolph. Of medieval origin it survived the Great Fire of London with only minor damage but fell into disrepair and was rebuilt in 1788–91. The church is renowned for its beautiful interior and historic organ.
 The S. Edward Hall House in Saint Paul Minnesota United States was the home of S. Edward Hall (1878-1975) an African American businessman and founder of the Saint Paul chapter of the NAACP. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Chapel Hill Cemetery is a graveyard located on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in Chapel Hill North Carolina.
 Cartersville Bridge is a historic bridge located near Cartersville Cumberland County Virginia. The original bridge was constructed in 1822 and its five stone piers of rough cut ashlar and rubble and two stone abutments remain. Atop them is a superstructure constructed in 1883-1884 of heavy timber members with cast-iron connections arranged to form a truss configuration based on the Pratt truss.
 Union Meeting House in Burke Vermont was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Lindås Church (Norwegian: Lindås kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Lindås. The church is part of the Lindås parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden neo-gothic style church was built in 1865 by the architect Ole Syslak. The church which seats about 370 people was consecrated on 20 September 1865. There has been a church here at Lindås since the middle ages.
 The Maj. Gen. John Sedgwick House near Cornwall Connecticut was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Gold Base (also variously known as Gold Int Base or Int) is the international headquarters of the Church of Scientology. It is located in Riverside County California to the north of San Jacinto and about 100 miles (160 km) from Los Angeles. The heavily guarded compound comprises about 50 buildings surrounded by high fences topped with bladed fences and watched around the clock by patrols cameras and motion detectors.
 Bancroft's castle was built by General William Bancroft in 1906 atop Gibbet Hill in Groton Massachusetts. Since 2000 the castle and trails became part of Groton's protected open space and was opened to the public.
 For Belle Vista Florida see St. Pete BeachLambert Castle originally called Belle Vista is located within the Garret Mountain Reservation in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1892 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 3 1976.
 The former St. Anthony's Catholic Church is an redbrick historic Roman Catholic steepled church complex located at 2222-2238 West Market Street in Louisville Kentucky. Designed by noted local architect William H. Redin in the Gothic Revival style of architecture it was built in 1887. After a disastrous fire in 1939 which caused extensive damage to all buildings in the complex except the rectory to the left of the church architect Walter C. Wagner Sr.
 The Church of St Dubricius in Porlock Somerset England dates from the 13th century. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The dedication is to Dubricius (also known in Welsh as Dyfrig and in corrupt Norman-French as Devereux) (c. 465 – 550 or 612) a 6th-century Briton ecclesiastic venerated as a saint and may indicate he travelled to the area.The church stands on the site of an earlier church which may date from around 1120.
 Kongsmo Chapel (Norwegian: Kongsmo kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Kongsmoen. The church is part of the Høylandet parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1937 to seat about 110 people.
 Smyrna Baptist Church also known as Kirkland Church is a historic Baptist church located near Allendale Allendale County South Carolina. It was built in 1827 and is a one-story meeting house style frame structure with a hipped roof. The front facade features a central Palladian window flanked by balancing nine-paneled entrance doors. A cemetery surrounds the church.Dr.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Beaumont (FCC Beaumont) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.The complex consists of three facilities: Federal Correctional Institution Beaumont Low (FCI Beaumont Low): a low-security facility. Federal Correctional Institution Beaumont Medium (FCI Beaumont Medium): a medium-security facility.
 Dania Hall was a cultural center and performing arts space in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis for over one hundred years. Completed in 1886 the building was destroyed by an accidental fire in 2000 at the outset of an extensive renovation project.
 The Coen Cuserhof is a former orphanage in Haarlem. The complex was designed by J.A.G. van der Steur and the original maquette is on display in the Historisch Museum Haarlem.
 The Crater Historic District encompasses National Park Service structures within Haleakala National Park. The buildings include utility structures employee housing administration facilities and visitor services facilities. Most were built by the Civilian Conservation Corps to standard Park Service designs in the 1930s. A few World War II era buildings survive from U.S. Army construction and are included in the historic district.
 Hermann Historic District in Hermann Missouri is a historic district that dates from 1838. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and its boundaries were increased in 2006.
 The McKinley Climatic Laboratory is both an active laboratory and a historic site located in Building 440 on Eglin Air Force Base Florida. The laboratory is part of the 96th Test Wing. In addition to Air Force testing it can be used by other US government agencies and private industry.On October 6 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kingston General Hospital (KGH) is a teaching hospital affiliated with Queen's University located in Kingston Ontario. The hospital is a partner within Kingston's university hospitals delivering health care conducting research and training health care professionals.As the oldest public hospital in Canada still in operation Kingston General was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1995.
 Toronto Grace Health Centre is a hospital located at 650 Church Street in Toronto Ontario. Owned and operated by the Salvation Army it specializes in palliative care slow-paced rehabilitation and complex continuing care.
 The Natural History Museum of Utah (NHMU) is a museum located at the Rio Tinto Center on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City Utah United States. The museum shows exhibits of natural history subjects specifically about Utah's natural history. The mission of the museum is to illuminate the natural world and the place of humans within it. The new building was opened in 2011.
 Usha Kiran Palace is a heritage hotel located near Jai Vilas Mahal on a 9 acre land in Gwalior built by the royal Scindia dynasty of the Marathas. The management of the five-star hotel is done by Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces.
 Iglesia de San Nicolás (Villoria) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Burroughs School also known as Burroughs Graded School is a historic school located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built in three phases between 1905 and 1923. The earliest portion of the building was built as an elementary school and has three main portions of eleven bays. It features a one-story hip roof porch supported by six Ionic order columns with Scamozzi capitals.
 The Johnston Collection is a museum of fine and decorative art in East Melbourne Victoria. The museum complex incorporates the house museum Fairhall as well as a gallery and reference library. The WR Johnston Trust was founded in 1986 as the result of a bequest by the late William Robert Johnston a prominent 20th century antiques dealer and collector of Georgian Regency and Louis XV furniture 18th and 19th century porcelain and paintings ranging from the 16th to the 19th centuries.
 The Pine State Creamery is a former factory in Raleigh North Carolina. It is a Moderne style building built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is a Raleigh Historic Landmark
 Granger Cottage is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story three-bay Gothic Revival style dwelling on a slightly raised cobblestone foundation. It was built in the 1850s. In 1907 the cottage was moved and a Colonial Revival style porch was added.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 City Commercial Center or C3 Mall is the first government owned mall in Pagadian City and in the Zamboanga Peninsula region. This mall is constructed through the administration of Mayor Samuel S. Co.Robinsons Supermarket and Department Store are the major tenants of C3 mall. This development marks the first retail venture of JG Summit in Zamboanga Peninsula.
 The Crossroads Mall is a shopping mall located in Portage Michigan. The mall features four anchor stores (Macy's J.C. Penney Sears and Burlington Coat Factory) as well as 100 stores and a food court. The Crossroads Mall has been owned since 1999 by General Growth Properties.
 Larkfield Priory Hotel in Larkfield beefits from being on the A20 London Road just 4 miles north west of Maidstone Kent.
 Westwood is a historic plantation in Uniontown Alabama. The main house was built between 1836 and 1850 by James Lewis Price. It is in the Greek Revival style with some Italianate influence. The outbuildings include a smokehouse with architectural detailing identical to the main house a carriage house a dairy and a cook’s quarters. Westwood Plantation was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district on November 21 1974.
 The Old Mill is a historic windmill located at 50 Prospect Street in Nantucket Massachusetts. Built in 1746 it is the oldest functioning mill in the United States. The mill is owned and operated by the Nantucket Historical Association as a museum. It is a contributing property of the Nantucket Historic District. In 1992 it was also designated as a Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
 Bellevue Avenue Colored School is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 2 1997.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd Tatham is located on Tatham Fell in Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Wilfrid Melling St John the Baptist Tunstall St Peter Leck St James Tatham and Holy Trinity Wray to form the benefice of East Lonsdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Prudential Tower also known as the Prudential Building or colloquially The Pru is a skyscraper in Boston Massachusetts. The building a part of the Prudential Center complex currently stands as the 2nd-tallest building in Boston behind the John Hancock Tower. The Prudential Tower was designed by Charles Luckman and Associates for Prudential Insurance. Completed in 1964 the building is 749 feet (228 m) tall with 52 floors.
 The Greenbrier is a Forbes four-star and AAA Five Diamond Award winning luxury resort located just outside the town of White Sulphur Springs in Greenbrier County West Virginia United States.For most of its history the hotel was owned by the Chesapeake & Ohio Railway and its successors including the CSX Corporation.
 St Vigeans Church is a Church of Scotland parish church serving the parish of the ancient village of St Vigeans on the outskirts of Arbroath Angus Scotland. The church was rebuilt in the 12th century but not consecrated until 1242 by David de Bernham Bishop of St Andrews. The church underwent some alteration in the 15th century but suffered very little change following the Scottish Reformation of 1560.
 Smedestraat 33 (Dutch: Smedestraat 33) is the address of a doorway in Haarlem. The brickwork of the doorway including a round false window is from the second half of the 17th century and has been declared one of the national monuments of The Netherlands. This brick doorway only recently acquired the lock on the door and was originally an open access gateway to an alley that separated two houses and joined up with the small public garden called the Wijngaardtuin.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Jesup (FCI Jesup) is a medium-security United States federal prison housing male inmates in Georgia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It has two adjacent satellite facilities: a low-security facility and a minimum-security prison camp both housing male offenders.FCI Jesup is located 65 miles southwest of Savannah and 105 miles northwest of Jacksonville Florida.
 The Jonathan Hammond House is a historic house at 311 Beaver Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1785 by Jonathan Hammond member of a prominent local family. The house has transitional late Georgian/early Federal styling and is one of the more substantial houses of the period to survive in the city.
 Vibhavadi Hospital (SET: VIBHA) is a hospital located in Chatuchak district in Bangkok Thailand.The hospital has 350 beds to accommodate patients there are more than 70 examination rooms which provide services to some 2000 outpatients.They have a medical center which offer more than 50 full-time physicians 250 consulting physicians and important medical equipment.
 The Château du Burgstall is a ruined castle in the commune of Guebwiller in the Haut-Rhin département of France.The castle was believed to be lost. It is rarely mentioned in documents. During the 1960s the ruins were partially uncovered during the construction of a supermarket.[citation needed]The castle was built at the end of the 12th century or the beginning of the 13th. Masons' marks are evident. The remains indicate an octagonal structure.
 Mulhall United Methodist Church is a historic church at Bryant and Craig Streets in Mulhall Oklahoma.It was built in 1934 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Salvation Army Headquarters later known as the Seton Center was a former historic structure in St. Paul Minnesota. Deemed eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in February 1983 owner opposition prevented it from being officially listed. Despite protests by preservationists the building was demolished by its owner in January 1998.
 Bronxville Womens' Club is a historic women's club located at Bronxville Westchester County New York. It was built in 1927–1928 and is a Colonial Revival–style building designed by noted local architect Penrose Stout (1887–1934). It is basically a T-shaped building constructed of stuccoed brick on a poured concrete foundation. The front elevation is one and one half stories with a central pavilion flanked by two smaller recessed pavilions. It has a prominent slate-covered gable roof.
 St John the Divine's Church Pemberton is in Church Street Lamberhead Green Pemberton Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Our Lady of Fatima Hospital (more commonly Fatima Hospital) is a non-profit hospital in Providence Rhode Island which opened in 1892. The hospital is run by the Roman Catholic diocese. The Diocese merged St. Joseph and Our Lady of Fatima Hospitals in the 1960s.
 The church of St. Michael and Bernardine monastery is the beautiful piece of baroque sacral architecture in town of Iziaslav Ukraine. Formerly it was a Roman Catholic monastery complex grounded in the early 17th century. Nowadays it is prison Zamkova Correctional Colony no. 58.On the place of present monastery there once was an Orthodox monastery of the Holy Trinity with the icon of Zaslav Madonna.
 Birstall Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire England.
 St. Martini Evangelical Lutheran Church is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Montezuma Fuller House at 226 W. Magnolia St. in Fort Collins Colorado was built in 1894. It is a Queen Anne style house designed by architect Montezuma Fuller. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978.According to its NRHP nomination the house is significant for its association with its designer builder and first inhabitant Montezuma Fuller the most important of Fort Collins' early architects.
 Union Hall is a historic meeting hall near the junction of US 1 and ME 169 in Danforth Maine.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Prescott Gateway is an enclosed shopping mall in Prescott Arizona. Opened on March 8 2002 it includes JCPenney Dillard's Sears Bed Bath & Beyond and Barnes & Noble as its anchor stores. It is owned by the Westcor division of Macerich.
 The National Arts Gallery of Albania (bevore: National Gallery of Figurative Arts) (Albanian: Galeria Kombetare e Arteve) has a fund of over 4000 works of art by Albanian and foreign authors spanning seven centuries of Albanian cultural heritage.National Gallery of Art is a state institution under the Ministry of Tourism  Culture  Youth and Sports .
 First Presbyterian Church of Maumee Chapel (also known as First Presbyterian Church of Maumee) is a historic church at 200 E. Broadway in Maumee Ohio. It is the oldest church building in Northwest Ohio.The Greek Revival church building was constructed in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1931 to standard National Park Service plan G913 the cabin has a single room. The cabin was modeled after similar cabins used at Yellowstone National Park which were in turn similar to those used by the U.S. Forest Service which resembled trappers' cabins.
 The Allen House is an Italianate house at 2 Solomont Way in Lowell Massachusetts. The irregularly-massed brick house was built in the early 1860s as the mansion house of Rollin White who invented a type of rear-loading revolver. White worked for Samuel Colt in Hartford Connecticut for many years before moving to Lowell and establishing his own firearms company later the Lowell Arms Company.
 Lotte Center Hanoi is a skyscraper under construction in Hanoi Vietnam due to be completed in 2013. This tower will have 65 floors and features a modern architectural style. The architect of the tower is Callison an American company. Upon completion this tower will be one of the highest buildings in Vietnam. As of November 2010 the highest building in Vietnam is Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower in Hanoi with 72 stories.
 The Manoir de Ban is an estate located on Lake Geneva near Corsier-sur-Vevey Switzerland and famous for being the final home of Charlie Chaplin.
 The Basilica of Saint Mary is a Roman Catholic minor basilica located on its own city block along Hennepin Avenue between 16th & 17th Streets in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. It was the first basilica established in the United States. The Basilica of Saint Mary is the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis and is one of the finest examples of Beaux-Arts architecture in the country.[citation needed]
 The Kintla Lake Ranger Station in Glacier National Park is a rustic log structure that was built by the Butte Oil Company in 1900 at Kintla Lake. It was taken over by the National Park Service and used as a ranger station. It is significant as a remnant of early oil exploration activities in the Glacier area. A boathouse was built by the National Park Service in 1935 to the same design as the boathouses at Upper Lake McDonald and Saint Mary ranger stations.
 The O. C. Barber Barn No. 1 built in 1909 is an historic farm building located at 115 3rd Street on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton Ohio. It was built by American businessman and industrialist Ohio Culumbus Barber the developer of both Barberton which he envisioned as a planned industrial community and the nearby 3500-acre (14 km²) Anna-Dean Farm which he envisioned as a prototype for modern agricultural enterprise.
 Lacy Homestead also known as the William Austin Lacy House is one of the only surviving remnants of a settlement in northern Lauderdale County Mississippi known as Little Georgia. The first settlers of this area came from Jackson County Georgia and areas of Virginia bringing their customs and architectural styles with them to the area. The homestead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Northwest Hospital & Medical Center is a 281-bed hospital in Seattle Washington. On September 17 2009 it announced that as of January 1 2010 it would become part of UW Medicine associated with the University of Washington. UW Medicine also includes University of Washington Medical Center Harborview Medical Center the UW School of Medicine and several smaller entities. Prior to the merger a 1997 agreement had already made Northwest the home for a UW Medicine cardiac surgery program.
 The Conyers Residential Historic District is a historic district whose development dates from 1840. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.One or more buildings in the district were designed by architects Neel Reid and by Willis F. Denny.In 1990 the district included 120 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.
 Upper Church Stratton Major Parish is a historic Episcopal church located near Shanghai King and Queen County Virginia. It was built between about 1724 and 1729 and is a one-story rectangular brick structure measuring 33 feet 9 inches long by 64 feet. The church is topped by a steeply pitched gable roof with a box cornice and cornice returns. The church was restored after a fire gutted the interior in the 1840s.
 Spanning 124 feet (38 m) the 18 feet (5.5 m) wide Colville Covered Bridge is located along the Colville Pike where it crosses Hinkston Creek about four miles northwest of Millersburg Kentucky. The bridge is situated 28 feet (8.5 m) above the water level in a rural area where vehicular traffic mainly comprises local residents and farm vehicles.The bridge was constructed in 1877 and is one of 13 that remain of more than 400 covered bridges in Kentucky.
 Cuyler Presbyterian Church also known as Cuyler Chapel and Cuyler Presbyterian Church and Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian church at 358-360 Pacific Street in Brooklyn New York New York. It was designed by noted architect Edward Sargent (1842 – 1914). It was built in 1892 and is a two story rectangular plan building with a steeply pitched slate covered gable roof and molded terra cotta copings. It was converted to a private residence in the early 1980s.
 Koca Mustafa Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Koca Mustafa Paşa Camii; also named Sünbül Efendi Camii) is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans located in Istanbul Turkey. The church as the adjoining monastery was dedicated to Saint Andrew of Crete and was named Saint Andrew in Krisei or by-the-Judgment (Greek: Μονὴ τοῦ Ἁγίου Ἀνδρέου ἐν τῇ Κρίσει Monē tοu Hagiοu Andreοu en tē Krisei).
 The Church of Saints Nicholas (German: Pfarrkirche zum Heiligen Nikolaus St. Nikolaus) is an early Baroque parish church located in the Güns Valley in Lockenhaus in the Austrian state of Burgenland. It was built during the period of 1655 to 1669. Commissioned by Franz III. Nádasdy the church was entrusted to the Augustinians and was dedicated to both St. Nicholas of Myra and St. Nicholas of Tonentino in reference to the role of Fr.
 Charles Wolcott Henry School is a historic school building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built by Cramp & Co. in 1906-1908. It is a two-story 20 bay red brick building in the Colonial Revival-style. Additions were built in 1949-1950 and 1968. It features arched entryways and limestone trim.
 Northpoint is a skyscraper in Pattaya Thailand.The building will comprise residential condominiums and was topped off in December 2008 and finished in 2010. It consists of two towers the 54-floor South Tower and the 46-floor North Tower. The south tower is the tallest building outside Bangkok and the third tallest residential building in Thailand.
 Talybont Halls (commonly referred to as Talybont) are a complex of halls of residence of Cardiff University and are located in Maindy Cardiff Wales. They are owned by Cardiff University and operated by the Residences and Catering Division. Talybont is inhabited predominantly by first year undergraduate students. The halls of residence are separated into three different areas: Talybont North Talybont South and Talybont Court. All of the accommodation is en suite.
 The Collegiate Basilica of Santa Maria of Xàtiva also known as La Seu is the principal church of the city of Xàtiva (Valencia). Construction commenced in 1596.
 The I.O.O.F. Building is an Independent Order of Odd Fellows building located in Woodland Yolo County Northern California.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Derşida) is a church in Derşida Romania built in 1771.
 The Rizal Shrine dedicated to the lifework of José Rizal is located on Santa Clara Street Fort Santiago Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines.This is a fortified complex which houses the building the Philippines' national hero spent his last night and where his family later found concealed in an oil lamp the famous poem Mi último adiós (My Last Farewell).
 Kiyomizu-dera (清水寺) officially Otowa-san Kiyomizu-dera (音羽山清水寺) is an independent Buddhist temple in eastern Kyoto. The temple is part of the Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto Uji and Otsu Cities) UNESCO World Heritage site. (It should not be confused with Kiyomizu-dera in Yasugi Shimane which is part of the 33-temple route of the Chūgoku 33 Kannon Pilgrimage through western Japan.)
 Yenston Priory was a Benedictine priory in Henstridge Somerset England. It was a cell of the Abbey of Sever in Normandy France. It was founded by Hugh d'Avranches 1st Earl of Chester who died around 1100 and was also known as Hugh Abrincus and Hugh Lupus. Around 1468 it was granted to Eton College.
 Dudley's Chapel is a historic Methodist church located at Sudlersville Queen Anne's County Maryland. It was built in 1783 and is a simple brick structure with a moderately pitched gable roof. A coat of stucco was added in 1883 covering all of the original brickwork. The chapel has a prominent place in the early history of the Methodist Church in Maryland. It is one of the earliest surviving Methodist churches in Maryland and was the first Methodist church built in Queen Anne's County.
 The Starks Building is a landmark 14-story building on Fourth Street and Muhammad Ali Boulevard in Downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. It was built in 1913 on a site that had been the First Christian Church of Louisville. It was commissioned by local businessman John Starks Rodes and designed by the Daniel Burnham firm of Chicago. It is 202 feet (62 m) tall (62 m).
 Clarkson House in Flaherty Kentucky was built in 1838. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Malcolm Willey House is located in Minneapolis Minnesota USA. It was designed by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1934. Wright named the house Gardenwall.Malcolm Willey was an administrator at the University of Minnesota.
 The Shumway Block is a historic commercial building on 112-116 Main Street in Webster Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1887 after fire destroyed the previous building on the site. Its facade has textured brickwork with pressed brick panels and terra cotta panels. The ground floor storefronts have been modernized.The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Lewisville Park is a park located in Battle Ground Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places Facilities include: Swimming hole (no lifeguard on duty). Nature trails. Playground. Tennis/basketball court. Fishing. Horse shoes. Picnic shelters (power and water available). Uncovered picnic sites. Sports fields. Rest rooms. Boat Launch. On site care taker. Address is 26411 NE Lewisville Highway Battleground WA 98604. They are open 7 am to dusk.
 Clover Lea is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built in 1845-1846 and is a two-story three bay side-hall-plan brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. The house features a two-story Tuscan order-inspired portico which consists of six massive square wooden columns supported by brick piers. Also on the property is a contributing small carriage barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Malm Church (Norwegian: Malm kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Malm. The church is the main church of the Malm parish which is part of the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church building was constructed in 1885 to seat about 350 people. The architect was Rasmus Overrein. The church was consecrated on 17 September 1886 by the Bishop Niels Laache.
 The Main Deli Steak House also known simply as Main Deli is a delicatessen and steakhouse located in Montreal Quebec. The restaurant was established in 1974 by Peter Varvaro and presently located on Saint-Laurent Boulevard right across the street from their main business rival the famed Schwartz's Montreal Hebrew Delicatessen.
 The Bridge near West Liberty is an historic structure located west of the town of West Liberty in rural Muscatine County Iowa United States. The welded steel rigid frame bridge was built in 1937. It was designed by Otto Wendling of the Iowa State Highway Commission. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 The Collegiate Church of Santa Maria Assunta San Gimignano is a Roman Catholic collegiate church and minor basilica located in San Gimignano Tuscany central Italy situated in the Piazza del Duomo at the town's heart. The church is famous for its fresco cycles which include works by Domenico Ghirlandaio Benozzo Gozzoli Taddeo di Bartolo Lippo Memmi and Bartolo di Fredi.
 The Vermillion County Courthouse located at 255 S. Main St. in Newport is the seat of government of Vermillion County Indiana. The courthouse was built from 1923 to 1925 to replace the previous courthouse which burned down in 1923. Architect John B. Bayard designed the building in the Classical Revival style. The building's design features a clock along the roof line on each side and Corinthian columns spanning the second and third floors in the front.
 Busbridge Church formerly known as St John the Baptist Church is an evangelical Anglican Church in Busbridge Godalming United Kingdom. Busbridge Church is part of a joint benefice with Hambledon Church in the village of Hambledon Surrey. Together Busbridge and Hambledon Church have six Sunday congregations ranging from traditional to modern and contemporary services. On a Sunday Busbridge Church and Hambledon Church put on youth and children's groups for over 200 young people.
 The Hayward House in Colchester Connecticut also known as Dudley Wright-Dr. Watrous-Nathaniel Hayward House was built in 1775. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The house was at one time the home of inventor Nathaniel Hayward.
 The J. Frank Dobie House is a historic house in Austin Texas built in the Colonial Revival style in 1925-26. The house was bought by J. Frank Dobie in 1926 and it contained the library and office where he did much of his writing. Until his death in 1964 Dobie used the house for informal entertaining with colleagues and students. It was acquired by the University of Texas at Austin in 1995 and currently houses the Michener Center for Writers.
 The German-language Treue der Union Monument (loyalty to the Union) is located in the Kendall County community of Comfort in the U.S. state of Texas. It was dedicated on August 10 1866 to commemorate those who died at the 1862 Nueces massacre. Thirty-four were killed some executed after being taken prisoner. With the exception of those drowned in the Rio Grande the remains of the deceased are buried at the site of the monument.
 Noida Tower is a skyscraper proposed for construction in the Indian city of Noida south-east of the capital city New Delhi. If built it would be the tallest building in India at 710 metres with 135 stories.Project got cancelled.
 Opened in 1990 near Monument Circle in Indianapolis the Chase Tower (formerly known as the Bank One Tower and originally conceived as American Fletcher Tower) is the tallest building in Indianapolis. It surpassed the AUL Tower (now OneAmerica Tower) in Indianapolis for the distinction. The building's twin spires pierce 830 feet (250 m) into the Indianapolis skyline while the 48 floors of office and retail space below peak at the 700 feet (214 m) roof.
 The basilica of San Vincenzo in Prato is a church in Milan northern Italy. It is the only one in city which has entirely maintained its original Palaeo-Christian appearance.
 Enfield Square Mall formerly Westfield Shoppingtown Enfield Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in Enfield Connecticut. At 788000 square feet (73200 m2) Enfield Square is the 10th largest mall in the State of Connecticut containing 81 shops all on one level. The anchors include Macy's Sears Target and Macy's men's and home store. The mall is owned by Centro Properties Group.The mall opened in 1971 with three anchor stores G. Fox JCPenney and Steiger's. In 1993 the G.
 Jemima Wilkinson House also known as Friend's House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is a five-bay 2 1⁄2-story Federal-style residence built about 1809–1815.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Contemporary Austin Laguna Gloria formerly known as the AMOA-Arthouse at Laguna Gloria is the former home of Clara Driscoll and site of a 1916 Italianate-style villa on the shores of Lake Austin in Austin Texas. It was the original home of the Austin Museum of Art and still houses some of its collections. The building is now one of two sites of The Contemporary Austin.The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Furnace Carolina Site (also known as RI-2045; Abbott Run; Arnold Mills Furnace) is an historic site of a blast furnace in Cumberland Rhode Island along the Abbott Run river.
 The East Worcester School-Norcross Factory is a historic building at 10 E. Worcester Street in Worcester Massachusetts. This three story building was built in three stages between 1863 and 1893. The oldest portion the westernmost part of the structure was originally built as a schoolhouse and is one of the oldest surviving school buildings in the city. It was designed by Elbridge Boyden based on an earlier school (no longer extant) on Salem Street.
 Public School 108 is a historic school building located in Cypress Hills Brooklyn New York New York. It was designed by James W. Naughton and built in 1895. It is a three story brick building trimmed in Lake Superior sandstone in the Romanesque Revival style. It has an attic fourth floor pierced by dormer windows. It consists of a seven bay central section connected to three bay wide end pavilions by recessed wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Applewood Farm is a farmstead in Ledyard Connecticut United States. Constructed in 1826 by Russel Gallup the farmhouse was built with a colonial center chimney design with Federal style details that has been modernized to the early 20th century without significantly changing the floor plan. Named after the apple orchards planted by Russel Gallup Applewood Farm developed significantly under the ownership of Everett Gallup the last member of the family to own the property.
 The Gatwick Aviation Museum is an aerospace museum located on the boundary of London Gatwick Airport in the village of Charlwood Surrey.
 Matador Automatic Radar Control (MARC) was a command guidance system for the Martin MGM-1 Matador ground launched cruise missile that used combination radar/computer/communication centrals (Q systems) for ground-directed bombing. As for the earlier ground central used with the X-10 aircraft* MARC had an Air Link from the ground for control and an airborne AN/APW-11A radar transponder on the missile for ranging. A series of MSQ sites.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Greenville) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male offenders in Illinois with an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security female offenders. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Greenville is located approximately 43 miles east of St. Louis Missouri and 63 miles from Springfield Illinois.
 Kingston Center Historic District is an historic district on Main Green Streets in Kingston Massachusetts.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Whited Grist Mill is a historic gristmill located at the Old Town Museum in Elk City Oklahoma. Ruben Whited built the mill in 1903-04; his family operated the mill for its entire existence. The mill ground corn for Elk City's residents; a sign painted on the outside advertises CORN GROUND INTO MEAL OR CHOPS AT ANY TIME. A 1928 addition brought a flour mill to the complex as well.
 Cambodian Cultural Village (CCV) is a theme park and museum in Siem Reap Cambodia. It is located on the road to the airport 6km from the town.The theme park was constructed in 2001 and opened to the public on 24 September 2003. It covers a total area of 210000 square meters. CCV presents miniature versions of important historical buildings and structures together with local customs. There are eleven unique villages representing the varied culture heritage of nineteen races.
 The Broadway Historic District in Bangor Maine is one of the residential neighborhoods most favored by the city's lumber barons in the early to late 19th century. A second and slightly later Bangor neighborhood of primarily elite houses centered on West Broadway is also listed on the National Register as the Whitney Park Historic District.
 The Harrison Loring House is a historic house at 789 East Broadway in South Boston Massachusetts.The house was built in 1865 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 District No. 70-Hoff Rural School near Adams North Dakota was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Cimarron County Courthouse is the historic courthouse serving Cimarron County Oklahoma located in Boise City. The courthouse was designed by M.C. Parker in the Classical Revival and Neoclassical styles and built in red brick by Strong & Froman. The building opened in 1926 after the previous wood frame courthouse burned down. On August 23 1984 the courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of the Most Holy Name of Mary at the Trajan Forum (Italian: Santissimo Nome di Maria al Foro Traiano Latin: Ss. Nominis Mariae ad forum Traiani) is a Roman Catholic church in Rome Italy. This church should not be confused with the church Santissimo Nome di Maria in Via Latina in south-east Rome.
 Whitefriars Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Canterbury Kent England. It is the biggest shopping centre in East Kent.
 The Museo Universitario del Chopo (meaning poplar; locally nicknamed Crystal Palace or simply El Chopo in Spanish) (Chopo University Museum) is located at Doctor Enrique González Martínez Street in the Colonia Santa María la Ribera of Mexico City. It has collections in contemporary art and is part of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).
 Bear Creek Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building in Adair County Missouri. It is located approximately four miles northwest of Kirksville on Missouri Route B. Built in 1860 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The church is currently in a state of considerable disrepair and no services are held there.
 St John the Baptist's Church Stanton is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stanton Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Only the tower is intact the body of the church being roofless. The remains of the church stand to the west of the village.
 Grey Roots Museum and Archives began as a County museum in 1955. Since then it has taken a large role in preserving the history and promoting the heritage of Grey County.The current facility is located just south of Owen Sound on Grey Road 18. It was opened in 2004 constructed from materials that characterize the development of the County. The building houses the County museum archives and tourism offices.
 The International Museum of Horology French: Musée international d'horlogerie (MIH) is a museum in La Chaux-de-Fonds Switzerland dedicated to horology which is the study of time timekeeping and timekeeping devices (primarily clocks and watches). The museum is owned and operated by the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds.Historically the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds is considered one of the focal points of the Swiss watchmaking industries and the home of one of the country's famous watchmaking schools.
 The West Point Mint Facility was erected in 1937 near the U.S. Military Academy in West Point New York United States. Originally it was called the West Point Bullion Depository. At one point it had the highest concentration of silver of any U.S. mint facility and for 35 years produced circulating pennies. It has since minted mostly commemorative coins and stores gold.It gained official status as a branch of the United States Mint on March 31 1988.
 Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust is an NHS trust based in London United Kingdom. It is one of the largest NHS trusts in England and together with Imperial College London forms an academic health science centre.Imperial College Healthcare was formed in October 2007 by the merger of Hammersmith Hospitals NHS Trust and St Mary's NHS Trust and their integration with Imperial College Faculty of Medicine.
 Valley Farm Ruins is the remaining structures of an historic estate on the banks of Elkhorn Creek in Franklin County Kentucky near the Woodford County line. The property was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1975.
 St Paul's Church Brookhouse is in the village of Brookhouse Caton with Littledale Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 House at New Forge is a historic home located at New Forge in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a vernacular Greek Revival style residence. It features a two story projecting polygonal bay with a hipped roof and a large deep verandah. Also on the property is a privy. The property includes the full extent of the 18th century industrial commercial and residential activities at Maryburgh Forges and the 19th century hamlet of New Forge.
 The Paine Hollow Road South Historic District is a historic district roughly along Paine Hollow Road and Raywid Way in Wellfleet Massachusetts.The district features Greek Revival style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Holy Trinity Church Leamington Spa is a Grade II listed parish church in Leamington Spa England.
 The Alexander Macomb House at 39-41 Broadway in Manhattan served as the second Presidential Mansion. President George Washington occupied it from February 23 to August 30 1790 during New York City's two-year term as the national capital.Alexander Macomb (1748-1831) was an Irish-born American merchant and land speculator. He built the four-story city house on the west side of Broadway in 1786-88.
 John S. Williams House and Farm also known as Old Chatham Sheepherding Farm and Inn is a historic home and farm designated a national historic district and located at Chatham in Columbia County New York. The district includes seven contributing buildings. They are: the main house a farm employee cottage another cottage a stone tool shed (originally a smoke house) and three small barns / garages. The main house is a two story frame building with a center hall plan.
 The Morris Marks House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood just southwest of downtown Portland.
 The John S. Baker House is a historic house in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1854 according to a design by Cincinnati architect James Keys Wilson it was the home of New Jersey native (Wilson's uncle) John S. Baker who settled in Cincinnati in 1814.The Baker House is primarily a brick structure with some elements of weatherboarding; it rests on a stone foundation and is covered by a metal roof.
 The Bertram Bridge also known as the Ely Street Bridge is an historic structure located near the town of Bertram in rural Linn County Iowa United States. The metal 5 panel pinned Pratt through truss bridge was built in 1891. It was designed by the J.E. Jayne and Son Bridge Company of Iowa City Iowa. The bridge has two main spans and two approach spans. The whole structure is 208 feet (63 m) and the roadway is 13.5 feet (4 m) wide.
 The First Universalist Church is an historic church at 236 Commercial Street in Provincetown Massachusetts. The Greek Revival building was built in 1847 to a design by Benjamin Hallett for a congregation that had been established in 1829. It is a massive post and beam timber frame construction and was originally built without the tower.
 The Abbey Church of St Mary the Virgin at Sherborne in the English county of Dorset is usually called Sherborne Abbey. It has been a Saxon cathedral (705–1075) a Benedictine abbey (998–1539) and now a parish church.
 Vranov nad Dyjí is a château in the homonymic town of Vranov nad Dyjí in the South Moravia (South Moravian Region) Czech Republic. It lies on the Dyje (Thaya) river 3 km (1.9 miles) north from the Austrian border close to Hardegg.
 St. John Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Darien Connecticut. It is part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Eastern Star Hall in Sacramento California is a building from 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.Sacramento’s Eastern Star Hall was built in 1928 as a meeting hall for the Order of the Eastern Star a Masonic women’s organization. It is one of only four buildings constructed for the Eastern Star organization and the only one still surviving and in active use.
 The Kendall County Courthouse is a former courthouse in Yorkville Kendall County Illinois United States. The original building was completed in 1864 but was later destroyed by fire. A replica of the Italianate structure was erected in 1887. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Socialist Labor Party Hall at 46 Granite Street Barre Vermont was constructed in 1900. It was the leading place were debates took place among anarchists socialists and union leaders over the future direction of the labor movement in United States in the early 20th century.Located in the former Italian section of Barre the Socialist Labor Party Hall is a two story flat-roofed brick structure with a gambrel-roofed single story rear hall.
 Pocahontas Exhibition Coal Mine also known as Pocahontas Mine No. 1 or Baby Mine is an inactive coal mine in the Pocahontas Coalfield. The mine was the first in the sub-bituminous coal of the Pocahontas Coalfield opening in 1882. In 1938 it became the first exhibition coal mine in the United States. Uniquely it was possible to drive one's automobile through the mine entering through the fan opening and exiting through the original entry.
 The Old Hamilton County Jail is a historic building at 501 Northeast 1st Avenue Jasper Florida United States. On July 7 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The Old Hamilton County Jail now serves as the Hamilton County Historical Museum.
 The First Universalist Society of Salem is a historic Universalist church building at 211 Bridge Street in Salem Massachusetts.
 The Mont-Saint-Michel abbey is located within the city and island of Mont-Saint-Michel in Lower Normandy in the department of Manche.The abbey is an essential part of the structural composition of the town the feudal society constructed. On top God the abbey and monastery below this the Great halls then stores and housing and at the bottom outside the walls fishermen and farmers housing.The abbey is protected as a French monument historique since 1862.
 Fort Simcoe was a United States Army fort erected in south-central Washington Territory to house troops sent to keep watch over local Indian tribes. The site and remaining buildings are located eight miles (13 km) west of modern White Swan Washington in the foothills of the Cascade Mountains.
 Auburn City Hall in Auburn Alabama built in 1933 is the city hall of Auburn Alabama. It was originally constructed as a post office in 1933 and like many post offices constructed during the Great Depression the building has a starved classical design typical of federal architecture with symmetrical style and pointed pediments and elements of colonial revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the U.S. Post Office in 1983.
 Château de Pourtalès is a château situated in the département of Bas-Rhin Alsace France. It is dated to the 18th century.
 The Oblong Friends Meeting House is a late 18th-century Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends in the hamlet of Quaker Hill in the town of Pawling Dutchess County New York USA listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.Members of the Religious Society of Friends settled on Quaker Hill in the 1730s and sought permission to establish a meeting and build a meeting house in 1740.
 The Eastern Shore Railway Museum is located at 18568 Dunne Avenue Parksley Virginia United States. The museum exhibits historic rail cars and equipment. The museum also contains a restored train station with railroad memorabilia from the lines that operated on the Eastern Shore of Virginia.
 De Soto National Memorial 5 miles (8 km) west of Bradenton Florida commemorates the 1539 landing of Hernando de Soto and the first extensive organized exploration by Europeans of what is now the southern United States.
 The James Scott House (also known as Altholl) at 5635 Stanton Avenue in the Highland Park neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1900 in the Colonial Revival style. A carriage house was added two years later. James Scott was an executive for U.S. Steel and an immigrant from Scotland. The house was the starting point of an elopement covered by the national press. Scott's daughter Helen eloped on October 10 1906 with Frederick Fairbanks son of Vice President Charles W.
 The Charleston Museum is the oldest museum in the United States; it was founded in 1773 and opened to the public in 1824. The museum's present building was completed in 1980 at 360 Meeting Street Charleston South Carolina. The museum's exhibits include natural history and local history displays and decorative arts including silver.
 Temple B'Nai Israel is a historic synagogue at 401 W. Grand Street in Jackson Tennessee housing a Reform Jewish congregation.The B'Nai Israel congregation was chartered in 1885. In its early years the congregation conducted services in some of homes of its members and in a hall above M. Tuchfeld's store (more recently known as Kisber's Department Store).
 The Micanopy Historical Society Museum is located at 607 Northeast 1st Avenue Micanopy Florida USA. It contains materials relating to the history of the town. It is part of the Micanopy Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Vintage Faire Mall is a shopping mall located in Modesto California USA. It is owned and operated by The Macerich Company and is adjacent to State Route 99.
 Roberts and Mander Stove Company Buildings is a historic factory complex located at Hatboro Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of six contributing buildings and one contributing structure. They are the Foundry Building (c. 1915 c. 1960) Main Manufacturing Building (1915-1944) Gate House (c. 1925) Transformer House (c. 1925) Smelter (c. 1925) Garage (c. 1925) and water tank. The buildings are 1 1/2-story brick structures with flat roofs and large window openings.
 The Witwer Grocery Company Building also known as the Osada Building is an historic structure located in Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The building is five-stories tall and rises 55 feet (17 m) above the ground. It was designed by the architectural firm of Blahnik & Berger and was completed in 1946. The building was extensively renovated from 1996 to 1997 into apartments. A full height atrium was created in the buildings core.
 Old Adobe Barn also known as Adobe Post Office is a historic barn in La Grange California. It is the oldest building in the town being built prior to 1850 by the first French settlers in the area. It was used as a post office. The barn is made of adobe bricks on the side walls and of wooden planks on the southern facade.
 Brethren in Christ Church is a historic Gothic Revival style church near Garrett Indiana.It was built in 1882 and was added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center is a convention center in downtown Anchorage Alaska. The $111 million 200000-square-foot (19000 m2) facility opened in September 2008 early and within budget. The Dena’ina Center increases Anchorage’s civic and convention capacity by 300 percent and offers visitors an opportunity to learn about the Dena'ina people who have lived in the Cook Inlet Region since just after the last Ice Age.
 Ennisnag (Irish: Inis-Snag) is a Protestant Church that lies beside the Kings River one mile north of Stoneyford village in County Kilkenny Ireland. The first reference to the church is as a prebend (land gift) in the Papal taxation of 1291 hence the Catholic graveyard. Among those buried there is Hubert Butler the Anglo-Irish essayist.The patron saint of Ennisnag was Saint Mogue also known as Saint Aedan of Ferns. The Irish name Mó Aód Óg means My little Aedh. Tobermogue or St.
 St. James Church is a historic Episcopal church on Daugherty Road between Back Street and Ocean Highway in Accomac Accomack County Virginia. It was built in 1838 and is a one-story brick structure in the Greek Revival style. It features a tetrastyle front portico with Doric order columns. Atop the portico is a bell tower. The interior features trompe-l'œil painting on the walls and shallow vaulted ceiling.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Dunlap House in Clarksville Arkansas was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Museum of Anthropology (Chinese: 人類學博物館; pinyin: Rénlèixué Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Da'an District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is located at National Taiwan University.
 Newton Surmaville is a small park and house south of Yeovil Somerset in the district of South Somerset in England. It lies just outside the town in the parish of Barwick.
 St. James Anglican Church is a church in Newport Beach California. It is a parish in the Diocese of Western Anglicans of the Anglican Church in North America. Since 2004 the church has received national attention over its legal case against the Episcopal Church of which it was formerly apart after it withdrawing from it and joining another Anglican province.
 St. John Chrysostom's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York in the Morrisania section of the New York City borough of the Bronx.
 The First Presbyterian Church in Little Rock Arkansas was designed by architect John Parks Almand and was built in 1921. It has been termed an academically accurate local interpretation of the Gothic Revival style.John Parks Almand had worked in the firm of Charles L. Thompson; there may be additional association of the Thompson firm with this church. The building has also been termed as having English Gothic Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and other architecture.
 St. Louis Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Louis de Fort-de-France) is a late 19th-century Romanesque Revival church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fort-de-France in Martinique an overseas department of France. It is located in the downtown area of the capital city at the intersection of rue Victor Schoelcher and rue Blénac.The construction of the cathedral began in the mid-17th century and it opened in 1657.
 The Château de Herrenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Neuwiller-lès-Saverne in the Bas-Rhin département of France.
 Masa (雅) is a Japanese and sushi restaurant located on the fourth floor of the Time Warner Center at 10 Columbus Circle (at West 60th Street and Broadway) in Manhattan in New York City.The restaurant was opened by Chef Masa Takayama in 2004 and is considered one of the most expensive restaurants in the world as well as the most expensive restaurant in New York City. Located next door to the restaurant is Bar Masa a more accessible dining experience offering an à la carte menu.
 The former P&O Building is a heritage-listed building in Perth Western Australia.
 The Benjamin Franklin Coppess House built in 1882 is a historic Queen Anne and Stick-Eastlake style house located at 209 Washington Street in Greenville Ohio United States. Featuring an unusually detailed Stick-Eastlake brick facade the Coppess House is a T-shaped building that is supported by a stone foundation; the roof is asphalt and minor elements of stone are also visible.
 Church Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria y San Matías of Manatí is a church in the municipality of Manati Puerto Rico. It was built in 1729. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Dunstable Friary was a Dominican friary in Dunstable Bedfordshire England. It was located to the west of the Watling Street between the present-day High Street South and the road that is called Friary Field.The Black Friars came to Dunstable in 1259 and settled separate from Dunstable Priory.The grounds were surrendered in 1539.Parts of the site were excavated in the 1920s.
 The Failing Office Building is a building in downtown Portland Oregon United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 31 2007. The building was built during the rapid growth in Portland's business district after the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in 1905. It was built with six stories in 1907 with a six-story addition in 1913.
 The Bloomingdale School is a historic former school building at 327 Plantation Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick building was built in 1896; its architect is not known. The building is a notable local example of Richardsonian Romanesque styling with a center entry recessed under an archway flanked by projecting octagonal bays.
 Kardhiq Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Kardhiqit) is a ruined hill fortress located in Kardhiq southern Albania. Built between the late 14th and the early 15th century by the Zenebishi family it was restored by Ali Pasha in the early 19th century.
 St Mary's is a Roman Catholic church in Fleetwood Lancashire England. Designed by E. W. Pugin it was built 1867–68. It is an active church in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lancaster. It has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 Inman Park is a neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta Georgia and its first planned suburb. It was named for Samuel M. Inman.
 West Park is a modern NHS adult mental health unit situated on the north-western outskirts of Darlington in the West Park development.
 The Jewish Cemetery of New Bedford Massachusetts is located in the far north of the city on Old Plainville Road just north of New Bedford Regional Airport. The cemetery was established in 1898 as the principal burying ground for two congregations Chesed Shel Emes and Ahavath Achim. It is the second Jewish cemetery in the city; the first a small section of Peckham West Cemetery was filled up in the 1890s.
 Béthanie (伯大尼修院) is a historical building complex located in Pok Fu Lam in Hong Kong built in 1875 as a sanatorium by the Paris Foreign Missions Society (French:Missions Étrangères de Paris). It is a Grade II historic building.Béthanie and the nearby Dairy Farm cowsheds were allocated in 2003 to the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. The complex reopened in 2006 and is now used by the Academy's School of Film and Television.
 Pleasant View also known as Trabue's Tavern is a historic plantation home located near Midlothian Chesterfield County Virginia. The original section was built about 1730 and consists of two parts--an early 1 1/2-story western wing with a lean-to and a later two-story eastern wing with a one-story rear lean-to. Both sections are frame structures with gable roofs.
 The Coconut Grove Playhouse was a theatre in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami Florida United States. The building was originally constructed as a movie theater called the Player's State Theater. It opened on January 3 1927 as a part of the Paramount chain. The movie house was designed by the architect Richard Kiehnel of Kiehnel and Elliott. It was built by local realtors Irving J. Thomas and Fin L. Pierce.
 Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center is a 921-bed not-for-profit regional medical center in Winston-Salem North Carolina that offers a full range of medical surgical rehabilitative and behavioral health services. Coupled with the nearby 22-bed Novant Health Medical Park Hospital Forsyth Medical Center gives Winston-Salem one of the largest best-equipped hospital facilities in the state.
 Vavuniya Hospital is a government hospital in Vavuniya Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in Vavuniya District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 624 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Vavuniya General Hospital or Vavuniya District General Hospital.
 Woodlawn Baptist Church and Cemetery also known as Woodlawn Missionary Baptist Church is an U.S. historic location in Nutbush Haywood County Tennessee. It is on Woodlawn Road south of Tennessee State Route 19.For its historical significance Woodlawn Baptist Church and Cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.Woodlawn Baptist Church was a family church of singer Tina Turner.
 The Malay Heritage Centre (Malay: Taman Warisan Melayu; Jawi: تامن واريثن ملايو ; Chinese: 马来文化遗产中心) is a cultural centre in Singapore to showcase the heritage culture and history of Malay Singaporeans. Located at Sultan Gate of Kampong Glam the 8000 square metre (2 acre) centre was launched on 27 November 2004.
 Lone Fir Cemetery in the southeast section of Portland Oregon United States is a cemetery owned and maintained by Metro a regional government entity. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the first burial was in 1846 with the cemetery established in 1855. Lone Fir has over 25000 burials spread over more than 30 acres (120000 m2).
 Marriott Gateway on the Falls is a 335 feet (102 m) tall hotel in Niagara Falls Ontario. The hotel opened in 1993 as the Sheraton Fallsview Hotel originally with 20 floors. However they added floors 22-31 in the year 2000. The hotel left Sheraton for Marriott in 2011. There are two rooms on the 32nd floor which are only used when the hotel has no rooms (or by request).
 The Istanbul Naval Museum (Turkish: İstanbul Deniz Müzesi) is a national naval museum of the Republic of Turkey located in Istanbul.
 The Lewis and Clark Trail-Travois Road near Pomeroy Washington is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) historic site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Pomeroy on U.S. Route 12.
 White Oak Hall also known as White Oak School is a historic one-room schoolhouse located near Rushville. The two-story school was built in 1874. The first floor of the building held the school room while the second floor was used as a meeting hall by the local chapter of The Grange. The Grange Hall also housed the White Oak Literary Society church services Sunday school classes and social functions.
 Pierce Arrow Factory Complex is a national historic district consisting of the former Pierce-Arrow automobile factory located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. Located over a 34-acre (14 ha) site it consists of a three story 132970-square-foot (12353 m2) Administration Building and an assortment of automobile manufacturing and assembly related structures.
 The Burn Brae Plantation-Krueger House is an historic house in Stuart Martin County Florida. It is located at 1170 South East Ocean Boulevard. On February 14 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Matsurokan (末盧館) is a museum located in Karatsu Saga Prefecture Japan dedicated to the Nabatake Site (菜畑遺跡) a National Historic Site acclaimed as Japan's first paddy.
 Federal Land Office is a onetime government building in Steubenville Ohio where the federal government sold public lands to settlers. It is now on property of a museum beside reconstructed Fort Steuben. In 1973 while on another site about a mile away 40°22′31″N 80°36′47″W it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its historical significance. It was later moved to its present location.
 The Church of Saint Sofia (Bulgarian: Църква Света София Byzantine Greek: Ναός Αγίας Σοφίας) also known as the Old Bishopric (Bulgarian: Старата митрополия) is an Eastern Orthodox church in Nesebar eastern Bulgaria. It is situated in the old quarter of the town which is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site list and of the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.
 The Lilac was a Coast Guard lighthouse tender currently located in New York City. It was built in 1933 at the Pusey & Jones Shipyard in Wilmington Delaware. In the 1950s she assisted several ships that collided. Decommissioned in 1972 she was donated to the Harry Lundeburg Seamanship School of Seafarers International Union. She was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 7 2005. She is a museum ship docked at Pier 25 near North Moore Street in Manhattan.
 L2O is a Chicago seafood restaurant opened in 2008 by chef Laurent Gras. The name of the restaurant stands for Lake to Ocean. L2O and Alinea were the only restaurants in Chicago to receive 3 stars from the 2010 Michelin Guide. L2O earned 1 Michelin star in the 2011 guide and 2 stars in the 2012 guide. Matthew Kirkley became L2O's chef in November 2011. In 2012 the restaurant installed twin saltwater tanks that house live shellfish.
 The George Luckert House is an 1858 limestone house; one of the oldest homes in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Wu Chung House (胡忠大廈) is a 40-floor skyscraper located on 213 Queen's Road East in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong. It was completed in 1992.
 The King House is a historic house at 328 Brookline Street in Newton Massachusetts. This 2 1/2 story timber frame house was built c. 1700 and is one of Newton's few First Period houses dating to the early period of its settlement. The house was given Greek Revival styling in the 19th century and is also notable for its association with Noah King a long-time prominent local doctor.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Lane-Hooven House is a historic house museum in Hamilton Ohio. Built in 1863 for Clark Lane a Hamilton industrialist and philanthropist the octagonal house features a brick exterior with Gothic Tudor elements. Other features include a cast-iron fence a greenhouse and a fountain. It was listed in the National Register on October 25 1973.The Hamilton Community Foundation has owned the house since 1951 and maintains its offices there.
 The Domus Internationalis Paulus VI was established as a Foundation by Pope John Paul II on 6 January 1999. The purpose of the Domus is to accommodate clergy who are assigned to the diplomatic service of the Holy See or who are officials of the Roman Curia. The Domus is at the Southern wing of the Palazzi di S. Apollinare.
 The Oak Ballroom is a historic building in Schuyler Nebraska constructed with dozens of native oak trees hauled to the building site from the nearby Platte River using horse and buggies. A Works Progress Administration project it was completed in 1937. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by Nebraska architect Emiel J. Christensen.Native rock is used for the walls and the ballroom is at the entrance to Community Park on the Mormon Trail.
 The Holiday Inn Express Riverwalk Area (formerly the Comfort Inn Alamo/Riverwalk) is a hotel in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.Built in 1878 the five-story building is rich in history and served as the San Antonio Bexar County Jail until 1962.
 Jacobs-Hutchinson Block also known as Peoples' National Bank and Friendly Furniture Store is a historic commercial building located at Fairmont Marion County West Virginia. It was built in 1902 and is a five story commercial structure with a basement and a flat roof in the Renaissance Revival style. It is a steel column and beam structure sheathed with pressed brick blue stone and terra cotta. It rests on a stone foundation. It measures 92 feet by 80 feet deep and 84 feet high.
 Munson Medical Center (MMC) is a top-quality 391-bed regional referral hospital in Traverse City Michigan Its primary service area includes Antrim Benzie Grand Traverse Kalkaska and Leelanau counties (population: 166774).The hospital also serves as a regional referral center for 24 counties in northern Michigan (population: 593431). It is the only verified Level II Trauma Center north of Grand Rapids and has the only Neonatal Intensive Care Unit in northern Michigan.
 The Bell Telephone Company Building is a historic 17 story skyscraper located at 1835 Arch Street in the Logan Square neighborhood on the edge of downtown Philadelphia Pennsylvania which was used as a long distance telephone exchange by the Bell Telephone Company. Its construction in 1925 marked the beginning of the era of long distance trunk lines in telephone communication. The building was listed by the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Nakagin Capsule Tower (中銀カプセルタワー Nakagin Kapuseru Tawā) is a mixed-use residential and office tower designed by architect Kisho Kurokawa and located in Shimbashi Tokyo Japan. Completed in 1972 the building is a rare remaining example of Japanese Metabolism an architectural movement emblematic of Japan's postwar cultural resurgence. The building was the world's first example of capsule architecture built for permanent and practical use.
 The Wendell Commercial Historic District is the historic downtown of Wendell North Carolina a town in eastern Wake County. The district is notable for its intact collection of one- and two-story brick masonry commercial buildings executed in the vernacular style typical of eastern North Carolina communities in the first half of the twentieth century.
 Chapel No. 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver Colorado United States. Built in 1941 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Overbrook High School is an inner-city public four-year secondary school in the Overbrook section of West Philadelphia Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States.
 Hospitalfield House is an arts centre and historic house in Arbroath Angus Scotland regarded as one of the finest country houses in Scotland. It is believed to be Scotland's first school of fine art and the first art college in Britain. A range of prominent Scottish artists have worked there including Joan Eardley Peter Howson Will Maclean Robert Colquhoun Robert MacBryde William Gear Alasdair Gray Wendy McMurdo and Callum Innes.
 The Bagaya Monastery (Burmese: ဘားဂရာ ကျောင်း) located in Inwa Mandalay Region Burma (Myanmar) is a Buddhist monastery built on the southwest of Inwa Palace. This magnificent monastery is also known as Maha Waiyan Bontha Bagaya Monastery. During King Hsinbyushin's reign (1763–1776) Maha Thiri Zeya Thinkhaya town officer of Magwe built the monastery in the Bagaya monastic establishment and dedicated to Shin Dhammabhinanda. It is one of the famous tourists attractions in Burma.
 The Belfry is a shopping centre located in Redhill Surrey England.
 The Monastir Synagogue (Hebrew: קהל קדוש מונאסטירליס‎) is a historic synagogue of the once vibrant Jewish community in Thessaloniki.
 The Catlin Court Historic District established in 1914 is significant for its historic association with an important period in the development of the city of Glendale Arizona. Glendale was founded by William John Murphy in 1892 and was incorporated as a town in 1910. Glendale’s economy depended mainly on the agricultural products produced in its’ farmlands. It wasn’t until 1902 when the Beet Sugar Factory was built and established in the town that the town began to grow.
 The E. H. Gibbs House in Oskaloosa Iowa also known as The Elms at Ridge Place and as Griffith Hall was built in 1903. It was designed by Frank E. Wetherell in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital (also known as OLLH or OLOLH) is a public hospital located in Drogheda County Louth Ireland part of the Louth Meath Hospital Group. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including a 24-hour emergency department for the population of County Louth and the North East. In 2008 the hospital served 110844 out-patients and 21446 in-patients with an average stay of 4.5 nights.
 Villa Schwob also Villa Turque is a house located in La Chaux-de-Fonds Switzerland designed by noted architect Le Corbusier.
 The Windsor Court Hotel is a luxury hotel in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana. The building rises 253 feet (77 m). It contains 23 floors and was completed in 1984. In 2011 Travel + Leisure magazine ranked the Windsor Court the 6th Best Large City Hotel in the United States and Canada. Windsor Court Hotel currently stands as the 34th-tallest building in the city and the 10th-tallest hotel. The architectural firm who designed the building was Morris Architects.
 The Augustinian Church (German: Augustinerkirche) in Vienna is a parish church located on Josefsplatz next to the Hofburg the winter palace of the Habsburg dynasty in Vienna. Originally built in the 14th century as the parish church of the imperial court of the Habsburgs the harmonious Gothic interior was added in the 18th century. Its official name is St. Augustine's Church although the Viennese always called it the Augustinian Church.
 Altona Gate Shopping Centre is a sub regional shopping centre located in Altona North Victoria a suburb of Melbourne Australia. It fronts onto Millers Road just south of the West Gate Freeway exit. It is serviced by bus via route 232 from Melbourne city centre and route 471 from Sunshine or Williamstown. It was featured many times on the Australian comedy series The Wedge.
 Carew Tower is a 49-story 574-foot (175 m) building completed in 1930 in the heart of downtown Cincinnati Ohio overlooking the Ohio River waterfront. It is the second-tallest building in the city and was added to the register of National Historic Landmarks on August 5 1982.Hilton Cincinnati Netherland Plaza is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 The John D. and Katherine Gleissner Lustron House is a historic enameled steel prefabricated house in Birmingham Alabama. Designed and constructed by the Lustron Corporation this example is one of three confirmed to have been built in Birmingham. Another the Bernice L. Wright Lustron House is just one house over from the Gleissner Lustron House.Lustron houses were only produced during a two-year period with 2495 known to have been made.
 Bear Creek Cumberland Presbyterian Church also known as Bear Creek Community Church is a historic church in an isolated rural setting in Marshall County Tennessee near the village of Mooresville.The Bear Creek congregation was organized in 1814. Its founder the Reverend Samuel King was one of the founders of the Cumberland Presbyterian denomination.The church building is a brick structure in a vernacular Victorian design. It was built in 1897 and dedicated in 1898.
 Sangertown Square is regional shopping mall located in New Hartford New York off Rts. 5 and 5A near Utica New York. The mall was built in 1980 and has about 80 stores and a central food court. This mall is owned by The Pyramid Companies. Much of the mall proper retains the decorations and architecture from the original design which was dark brown floors and a quaint faux facades reminiscent of Main Street America perched above the food court.
 The Waverly Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Waverly Sussex County Virginia. The district encompasses 48 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures in the central business district of Waverly. The buildings represent a variety of popular architectural styles including Folk Victorian and Italianate.
 The Horseshoe Lake Ranger Station in Lassen Volcanic National Park California is a backcountry ranger station that was built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor in 1934. The cabin typifies National Park Service standard designs for such structures in the prevailing National Park Service Rustic style then used by the Park Service. It is the only such example of a standard-plan backcountry ranger station in Lassen Volcanic National Park.
 The George and Mary Pine Smith House is a private house located at 3704 Sheldon Road near Sheldon in Canton Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Lurøy Church (Norwegian: Lurøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Lurøy on the island of Lurøya. The church is part of the Lurøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1812 and it seats about 375 people.
 Winfield Corners Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story field stone house that is linear in plan with frame additions. It was built about 1732. The main house block has a central cross gable with a pair of flanking gable dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Burgruine Treffen is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Karnet Prison Farm is a minimum security Australian prison located 16 kilometres (10 mi) from Serpentine Western Australia. The prison farm located on a 375-hectare (927-acre) property provides meat eggs and vegetables for the entire prison system in Western Australia. It breeds cattle and sheep and also has an abattoir a dairy a poultry farm market gardens and an orchard that supplies citrus and stone fruit.
 The Clapp Houses are historic houses at 199 and 195 Boston Street in Boston Massachusetts. They currently house the Dorchester Historic Society and are open to the public as house museums.Portions of the Captain Lemuel Clap House may have been built as early as 1633; it is known to that a house was on the site in that year. The house went through extensive changes in 1767 when it was expanded and renovated by Lemuel Clap.
 Hope Park was an 18th and 19th-century plantation in Fairfax County in the U.S. state of Virginia. Hope Park was the residence of Dr. David Stuart (1753–1814) an old friend and associate correspondent of George Washington and second husband of Washington's former stepdaughter-in-law Eleanor Calvert Custis (1758–1811). Hope Park Plantation was located approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Fairfax Court House (now known as the independent city of Fairfax).
 Clarendon Congregational Church (also known as Old Brick Church and the Brick Church at Clarendon) is a historic church building on Middle Road in Clarendon Vermont.It was built in 1824 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Santuit Post Office is a historic post office on Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts.The office was built in 1846 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The former Beth Israel Synagogue is a historic Orthodox synagogue building located at 31 Concord Street in the South Norwalk section of the city of Norwalk Connecticut. The Moorish Revival style building is the only known synagogue building in Connecticut displaying Moorish Onion domes and an unusual example of an urban wood-frame synagogue. Built in 1906 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Jonathan Wade House is a historic First Period house at 13 Bradlee Road in Medford Massachusetts. It is one of a handful of houses in the city with brickwork from the 17th century (the other two known survivors are the Isaac Royall House and the Peter Tufts House). A brick house is known to have been standing on this site in 1689 when Jonathan Wade Jr. died. The house was given Georgian styling in the mid-18th century and was owned for many years in the 19th century by Samuel C.
 The Wildlife Experience is a wildlife conservation museum featuring natural history fine art and film located in Parker Colorado about 10 miles (16 km) south of Denver. The museum houses an extensive collection of natural history exhibits paintings and sculpture photography and large-format films. Rotating exhibits are devoted to wildlife conservation efforts and present a wide range of wildlife subjects themes and learning experiences.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Coleman (FCC Coleman) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Florida.
 The Tower at PNC Plaza is a planned skyscraper in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It will be the new corporate headquarters of the PNC Financial Services Group. It will have approximately 800000 square feet (74000 m2) and stand 32 stories (554 feet) tall. Nearby buildings totaling 37000 square feet (3400 m2) were purchased by PNC and deconstructed to make space for the Tower at PNC Plaza. The project is estimated to cost $400 million.
 St. Peter Church (German: Kirche St. Peter) is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland Ohio and part of the Diocese of Cleveland. It is located at the intersection of Superior Ave. near East 17th St. in the Downtown neighborhood.The church is a GNIS named feature. The church building is listed as a Cleveland Designated Landmark.The parish was founded in 1853.George Francis Houck then the Chancellor wrote in 1903 that One of the landmarks of the city and Diocese of Cleveland is St.
 The Château de Pontchartrain is located in the municipality of Jouars-Pontchartrain in the department of Yvelines in France .The west end of the domain beyond the pond is located in the commune of Le Tremblay-sur-Mauldre.
 The Lamoille Organization Camp also known as Camp Lamoille and Elko Lion's Club Camp Lamoille is a camping facility within the Ruby Mountains Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. It was originally constructed in 1939. It is located in Lamoille Canyon the largest valley of the Ruby Mountains in Elko County Nevada. It was a work of the Region 4 of the U.S. Forest Service. It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St. Mary of the Angels is a Roman Catholic church in Everton Liverpool built in 1907. It has magnificent interiors of marble imported to bring Rome to Liverpool. The building of the church was funded by Amy Elizabeth Imrie a Catholic convert and nun who became an abbess of the Poor Clare Sisters. She was the heiress to the White Star Line shipping fortune when her uncle William Imrie died in 1906.The building is a Grade II Listed Building; its interiors are also listed.
 St. Francis de Sales Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Ajax Ontario. The original church was erected in 1871 but was closed in 1999 due to an overflow of parishioners. A new building was opened on 30 July 2006.
 Brooklands Museum Trust Ltd operates the independent Brooklands Museum as a charitable trust and a private limited company incorporated on 12 March 1987; its aim is to conserve protect and interpret the unique heritage of the Brooklands site. The museum is located south of Weybridge Surrey and was first opened regularly in 1991 on 30 acres (120000 m2) of the original 1907 motor-racing circuit.
 Madhusudan Mancha is an auditorium in Dhakuria Kolkata West Bengal India. It is named after Bengali poet Michael Madhusudan Dutt. This is controlled and managed by the Information and Cultural Affairs Department Government of West Bengal. This auditorium is regularly used for theatres. This auditorium is inaugurated on 12 October 1995 by Jyoti Basu Chief Minister of West Bengal at that time.
 Medical Museion (Danish: Medicinsk Museion) is a museum and research unit in Copenhagen Denmark dedicated to the history of health and disease in a cultural perspective. Part of the Faculty of Health Sciences at University of Copenhagen its principal area of interest is the recent history of the material and iconographic culture of biomedicine. It is based in a listed building from 1787 on Bredgade in Frederiksstaden.
 Cherryvale Mall is a shopping mall in Cherry Valley Illinois serving nearby Rockford Illinois. Its four anchor stores are Bergner's J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears. CBL & Associates Properties Inc. acquired the shopping center in 2002. Cherryvale mall has 134 stores consisting of a gross leasing area of 783167 sq ft (72758.6 m2). Cherryvale has 3892 parking spaces. Outlot stores include Bachrodt Auto Mall DQ Grill & Chill T.G.I. Friday's Schnucks and Petland.
 The Sherburne Ranger Station in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. Located in the Swiftcurrent portion of the park it was built in 1926. It is part of a small historic district that includes a mess hall and subsidiary structures formerly known as the Sherburne Road Camp established in 1931. The ranger station closely resembles the ranger stations at Belly River and Lake McDonald. A checking station at the road remains substantially intact.
 Fiholm Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Located in Scarborough Ontario Salaheddin Islamic Centre is a Canadian mosque noted for its outspoken Imam Aly HindyOne of its key founders was Hassan Farhat although he was made persona non grata by the mosque's administrators and forbidden from continuing to hold any position in the facility; although he was allowed to return for worship.
 The Crocketts Bluff Hunting Lodge is a historic hunting lodge in Crocketts Bluff Arkansas. The lodge is symbolic of the hunting industry in the Grand Prairie of Arkansas which is known for its plentiful duck and fish. The first lodge at this site was built in 1938 by Sam Fullerton who owned the Bradley Lumber Company. Used primarily during duck hunting season the lodge served to entertain Fullerton's customers in the lumber industry.
 Château du Mirail is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Wallington Cobblestone Schoolhouse District No. 8 is a historic one room school located at Sodus in Wayne County New York. The Federal style cobblestone building is a one story three bay center hall gable roofed structure with a louvered gable roofed bell tower. It was built about 1834 and is constructed of irregularly shaped multi-colored field cobbles. It ceased to function as a school in 1950 and is now a local historical museum.
 Eagles Mere Historic District is a national historic district in the mountain lake resort of Eagles Mere in Shrewsbury Township Sullivan County Pennsylvania. The resort area was founded in the late nineteenth century and popular through the first half of the twentieth century. It surrounds Eagles Mere Lake.
 The Church of St Mary Lowe House is a Roman Catholic Parish church situated on the North Road in St Helens Merseyside. It was founded in 1924 and staffed by the Society of Jesus until 1981. It is a Grade II listed building with Romanesque and Gothic features.
 King John's Hunting Lodge is a wool-merchant's house built c. 1460 in Axbridge a town in the English county of Somerset. It is a jettied timber-frame building of three storeys occupying a corner plot on the town square.
 Château de Saint-Maurice-sur-Adour is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 19th century.
 The London Regional Children’s Museum is located in London Ontario Canada. It was founded as one of the first Children's museums in Canada in 1975 and currently receives more than 100000 visitors each year.
 The Dushanbe Flagpole is a flagpole located in front of the Palace of Nations in Dushanbe Tajikistan. It is the tallest free-standing flagpole in the world at a height of 165 metres (541 feet) beating the 162 m (531 ft) National Flagpole in Azerbaijan the 160 m (525 ft) Panmunjeom Flagpole of Kijŏng-dong in North Korea and the 133 m (436 ft) Ashgabat Flagpole in Turkmenistan. The flagpole flies a 30 m × 60 m (98 ft × 197 ft) Flag of Tajikistan weighing 700 kilograms (1540 pounds).
 The Sino-Steel Tower (Chinese: 中钢大厦) is a 333 m (1093 ft) tall skyscraper under construction in Tianjin China. Construction started in 2008 and it is expected to be complete in 2014.The building will contain offices and a hotel on 80 floors. The design by MAD Studio Beijing is for the building to be clad in white and pierced by recessed hexagonal windows. Some of the window surrounds will be crimson in colour causing the building's appearance to alter with the changing light.
 Colonial Building was the home of the Newfoundland government and the House of Assembly from January 28 1850 to July 28 1959. In 1974 it was declared a Provincial Historic Site.In 1832 when the Colony of Newfoundland governed itself by representative government there was not a formal building assigned to house the legislature. The first home of the Legislature was a tavern and lodging house owned and operated by a Mrs. Travers.
 El Castillo Hotel is a building with medieval-style architecture that was built in 1870 and is located in Valle Hermoso (Córdoba) Argentina.Throughout its life under the management of different owners it has been in chronological order a family mansion a time period hotel a union summer camp and a five-star hotel.
 The Frederick Laue Jr. House at 1109 S. Main St. in Alma Wisconsin was built in 1896. Also known as the Patrick Noll Residence it includes Second Empire architecture. It was built by local builders Ulrich & Anton Walser. The house and another contributing building were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Stafford Plantation was established on Cumberland Island Georgia by Robert Stafford in the early 19th century. Stafford acquired portions of lands belonging to General Nathaniel Greene through auction and continued to assemble former Greene family lands so that by 1830 Stafford controlled 1360 acres (550 ha) with 148 slaves. In 1843 Stafford acquired 4200 acres (1700 ha) from P.M. Nightingale a Greene descendant who retained Dungeness.
 Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church Cemetery is a historic Evangelical Lutheran cemetery and national historic district located near Speedwell Wythe County Virginia. The cemetery includes approximately 250-300 total gravestones. Forty two of the stones have dates ranging from the 1790s to 1840 but all were carved between about 1835 to 1840.
 The Reeves-Reed Arboretum (13.5 acres (5.5 ha)) is a nonprofit arboretum and garden located at 165 Hobart Avenue in Summit Union County New Jersey United States. It is the only arboretum in Union County. The arboretum grounds are open daily from dawn till dusk free of charge.The property was originally traversed by Lenni Lenape Native Americans on their route from the coast near Elizabeth to the highlands near Schooley's Mountain.
 Ilias Lalaounis Jewelry Museum is a museum in Athens Greece created by the renowned Greek jewellery designer Ilias Lalounis. It is comprised by 24 collections of a total of over 4000 jewels and small ornaments dedicated to the history and art of jewellery making. The permanent exhibition displays 3000 pieces designed in the period 1940-1992.
 Park Place is a 420 ft (128m) tall skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It was completed in 1986 and has 40 floors. It is the 27th tallest building in Atlanta.Famous occupants of the building include or have included Elton John Oprah Winfrey Janet Jackson and Coretta Scott King.
 The Pleasant Hill Presbyterian Church originally known as Mount Carmel Presbyterian Church is a historic Greek Revival church in Pleasant Hill Alabama. The current structure was built between 1851 and 1852. It features a distyle-in-antis type portico with simple box columns a bell tower topped by a small domed cupola and a second-floor balcony around three sides of the interior.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Quincy Illinois was built in 1887. It was designed by Mifflin E. Bell and reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. The building served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St. Joseph Plantation is an historic plantation located on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the town of Vacherie St. James Parish Louisiana United States of America. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.St. Joseph Plantation is located at 3535 Hwy 18 Vacherie LA 70090 adjacent to Oak Alley Plantation and up-river from Laura Plantation.
 Orkdal Church (Norwegian: Orkdal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in Fannrem about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Orkanger. The church is located in the Orkdal parish which is part of the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The church site has been occupied for about 1000 years. The original church existed during the 12th century.
 BSE Tower or Bucharest Stock Exchange Tower is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 16 floors and a surface of 14000 sqm. The building is the headquarters of the Bucharest Stock Exchange.
 The James A. Judie House in South Bend Indiana was designed by Austin & Shambleau and was built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included one contributing building and four other contributing structures.
 For the church with a similar name in Liverpool see St Mary's Church Walton-on-the-HillSt Mary's Church Walton is in the village of Walton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Brampton the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of four nearby parishes. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Houston Tower was a visionary skyscraper to be built in Houston. It was one of the tallest buildings ever fully envisioned and would have taken up 16 city blocks if ever constructed. Its design was reminiscent of the Willis Tower only the tubes in the Houston Tower would number 16 and be triangular.
 Lecompton Constitution Hall also known as Constitution Hall is a building in Lecompton Kansas that played a role in the long-running Bleeding Kansas crisis. It is operated by the Kansas Historical Society as Constitution Hall State Historic Site.
 Baton Rouge National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in East Baton Rouge Parish in the city of Baton Rouge Louisiana. It encompasses 7.7 acres (3.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 5459 interments.
 Congregation Achduth Vesholom is a Reform synagogue located at 5200 Old Mill Road in Fort Wayne Indiana.It is the oldest synagogue in Indiana having been formed initially as a German Orthodox congregation on October 26 1848. Originally its name was The Society for Visiting the Sick and Burying the Dead. At the outset the congregation worshiped in private homes.In 1857 the synagogue purchased a building on Harrison Street for $1200 ($30400 today) which was dedicated as a synagogue.
 Church of the Immaculate Conception is a parish church in the town of La Línea de la Concepción in Spain.
 The Federal Prison Camp Yankton (FPC Yankton) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Yankton South Dakota. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Yankton is located 60 miles northwest of Sioux City Iowa and 85 miles southwest of Sioux Falls South Dakota.
 Hogg Memorial Auditorium is a theatre located on the University of Texas at Austin campus. The venue was the first theatre on the school's campus when it was constructed in 1933.
 The Oasis Shopping Centre is located on the Broadbeach Mall in Broadbeach Gold Coast Queensland Australia.The Oasis Monorail connects the beach shopping Sofitel Gold Coast resort and Conrad Jupiters Casino. It has two stations on level 2 of The Oasis and a station at Conrad Jupiters Casino.
 Hotel Dieu Hospital is a hospital in Kingston Ontario. It is affiliated with Queen's University and is a partner within Kingston's university hospitals delivering health care conducting research and training the health care professionals.
 Novigrad Castle is a castle above Novigrad in Zadar County Croatia. In 1386 the Hungarian and Croatian sovereign Mary and her mother Elizabeth of Bosnia were imprisoned in Novigrad Castle. Elizabeth was strangled.
 The Beaver Relief Society Meetinghouse located at 35 N. 1st East in Beaver Utah was built in 1896. It has served as a religious structure as a meeting hall and as a civic building; since 1977 it has served as the fire station of Beaver.It is a tallish building made of tuff (pink rock) that was built for the Beaver Relief Society a Church of Latter-Day Saints' women's organization.
 The Edward Douglass White House also known as Edward Douglass White Louisiana State Commemorative Area is a National Historic Landmark near Thibodaux Louisiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.The house is owned by the Louisiana State Museum and is operated as a historic house museum known as the E. D. White Historic Site.
 Spring Hill Farm is a historic home located at Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. It was built about 1822 and is a 2 1/2-story frame farmhouse dwelling in the Federal style. A two-story rear wing was added in 1850. A 19th century south wing was replaced in 1972. Also on the property are two contributing barns one apparently built before the American Civil War and one built in 1890.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Lyndhurst also known as the Jay Gould estate is a Gothic Revival country house that sits in its own 67-acre (27 ha) park beside the Hudson River in Tarrytown New York about one-half mile south of the Tappan Zee Bridge on US 9.
 Providence Town Center is a lifestyle center located near Collegeville in Upper Providence Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It is located at the interchange between U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 29. The Providence Town Center has Wegmans Movie Tavern Best Buy LA Fitness Dick's Sporting Goods Michaels and PetSmart as anchors.
 The Uri B. Curtis House at 169 Booker St. in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was deemed significant for its association with businessman and mining investor Uri B. Curtis who contributed to development of Tonopah by forming the Crystal Water Company that piped water to the growing town. The house is a large stone residence built in a U-shape in the University Heights neighborhood.
 The Alex. Brown & Sons building located at 135 East Baltimore Street in Baltimore Maryland served as the corporate headquarters during the 20th century for the banking firm Alex. Brown & Sons which was the oldest banking firm in the United States when it was purchased by Bankers Trust in 1997. The two story building completed in 1901 and designed by the partnership of J. Harleston Parker and Douglas H. Thomas. Jr. survived the 1904 Baltimore fire.
 The Wrought Iron Range Company Building is a Tudor Revival style building in St. Louis Missouri that was built in 1926.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Alderland Centre (Chinese: 千潮滙) is an Asian Canadian commercial plaza located in Markham Ontario comprising two two-storey retail buildings and a five storey office tower. Surface and underground parking facilities are provided for a total of 350 parking spaces. The steel structure buildings are clad in glass EIFS and metal panels and contain 14000 sf of restaurant space 40000 sf of retail (40 units) and 35000 sf of office.
 The Robert A. and Mary Childs House is a historic Queen Anne Style residence in Hinsdale Illinois originally owned by Robert A. Childs.
 Churchill Square is the major city-centre shopping centre NCP and central bus station in the city of Brighton and Hove United Kingdom.It was originally built during the 1960s obscuring several streets. That original centre included high-rise office blocks and had various shops and a supermarket with open but covered walkways between them.
 C. Fred Johnson Park Carousel is a historic carousel located at Johnson City in Broome County New York. The carousel and its pavilion were built in 1923. The carousel is housed in a wooden two story 18-sided enclosed pavilion topped by a six sided cupola. The carousel has 72 figures - all horses - each of which is a jumper. It was constructed by the Allan Herschell Company. It is one of six carousels donated to the citizens of Broome County by George F.
 Mandarin Oriental Barcelona is located on Passeig de Gràcia close to a number of Barcelona’s shopping and dining establishments as well as cultural and entertainment venues. The Mandarin Oriental Barcelona opened in November 2009 and was designed by a team of Spanish architects and designers: Carlos Ferrater and Joan Trias de Bes (architecture) and Patricia Urquiola (interior design).
 Island Home Park is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located in the southeastern part of the city along the Tennessee River. Developed as a streetcar suburb in the early 1900s the neighborhood retains most of its original houses and streetscapes and is home to the city's largest concentration of Bungalow-style houses.
 Lexington Medical Center is a 414-bed not-for-profit modern medical complex and anchor of a comprehensive county-wide health care network employing more than 5000 people. The network includes six community medical centers around Lexington County two occupational health centers the largest extended care facility in the state an Alzheimer’s care center and more than 40 affiliated physician practices. Its mission is to provide quality health care services that meet the needs of its community.
 Shalamar Hospital established in 1982 and named after the historical Shalimar Gardens is a private hospital located on Shalimar Link Road Shalimar Town Lahore Pakistan.
 Greenfields is a historic home located at Cecilton Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian-style brick dwelling with a hip roof built about 1770. The home features a central door with engaged Doric columns and a fanlight in a one-bay pedimented pavilion.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at 215 Fifth Avenue South in Lewistown Montana.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Clegg Hall is a 17th-century hall in Littleborough Greater Manchester (grid reference SD92231448). It is situated just outside Smithy Bridge Greater Manchester.The Clegg in the name of the current hall refers to the location (Little Clegg or Great Clegg) rather than the local family by the same surname – the house was built by a Theophilus Ashton in the early 17th century and it has never been suggested that the house has been lived in by Cleggs.
 The National Gallery is an art museum on Trafalgar Square in London. Founded in 1824 it houses a collection of over 2300 paintings dating from the mid-13th century to 1900. The Gallery is an exempt charity and a non-departmental public body of the Department for Culture Media and Sport. Its collection belongs to the public of the United Kingdom and entry to the main collection is free of charge.
 The Jordan Historic District is a Registered Historic District in Jordan Minnesota that includes brick commercial and social buildings from the mid-to-late nineteenth century.
 The West Cogswell House is a historic house at 5-9 Summer Street in Salem Massachusetts. It is an example of the Greek Revival style of architecture that was common in 19th century Salem.The house is a group of three brick Greek Revival rowhouses that were built in 1834 by Nathaniel West one of Salem's leading sea captains and merchants.
 Compton is a historic home in Trappe Talbot County Maryland. It is a two-part Flemish bond brick dwelling which is the result of two major building periods and subsequent minor alterations. The main part is five bays long with a three-brick belt course between floors. The second part is a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen / dining room wing. Also on the property is a two-story brick milkhouse.
 The John P. Cahoon House is a historic home in Murray Utah United States. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a significant example of residential Victorian Eclecticism in Murray and as the home for over twenty years of John P.
 The Church Street Historic District is a historic district in Dade City Florida. The district runs along Church Street between 9th and 17th Streets. It covers 14 acres (0.057 km2) and contains 34 historic buildings and 1 structure. On August 21 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building is a 12-storied building in Chennai India serving as the chief administrative building of the Chennai Port Trust. The Port Met Office of the Regional Meteorological Centre also functions from this building and the cyclone detection radar is situated atop the building contained in a giant football-like mascot structure which serves as a prominent landmark in the harbour area.
 R. T. Price House is a historic home located at Williamson Mingo County West Virginia. It was designed by noted West Virginia architect Levi J. Dean and built about 1940. It has a 1 1/2 story main block with one story east and west wings. It has side gable roofs and is faced in red brick. The house exhibits design features in the Tudor Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Boxwood Hall in Elizabeth Union County New Jersey United States was the home from 1772 to 1795 of Elias Boudinot president of the Continental Congress and a signer of the Treaty of Paris in 1783 ending the American Revolutionary War. Boudinot and others met George Washington here for a luncheon and then escorted him to Manhattan for his inauguration on April 30 1789.Boudinot sold it to Jonathan Dayton a signer of the Declaration of Independence who lived here until his death in 1824.
 The Sloan-Raymond-Fitch House in Wilton Connecticut was built in 1772. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The house has been moved from its original location. It is now on the same property as the Betts-Sturges-Blackmar House.In 1982 the house was the museum of the Wilton Historical Society and the property was already a one-structure local historic district.
 The Wachusett Shirt Company is an historic building at 97-100 Water Street in Leominster Massachusetts USA.The building was constructed in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Raintree Hotel St. Mary's Road is a five-star hotel located at Alwarpet in Chennai India which was certified as an “Ecotel” hotel. It was the fifth hotel in India and the first in South India to get the Eco hotel certificate.
 Moland House (aka Headquarters Farm) is an old stone farmhouse built around 1750 by John Moland (b. 1700 London England d. 1761) a prominent Philadelphia and Bucks County lawyer. Although physically located in Hartsville Warwick Township Bucks County Pennsylvania its mailing address is in Warminster Township Pennsylvania.
 The Frank Melville Memorial Park is a privately run publicly accessible park surrounding the Melville Mill Pond in Setauket New York. It was dedicated in 1937 to the memory of Frank Melville Jr. father of local philanthropist Ward Melville. The park was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 19 2010. The 24 acre park contains a walking trail and is also home to the Three Village Garden Club Arboretum which is maintained by a group of local volunteers.
 The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua (Croatian: Crkva svetog Antuna Padovanskog) is a Roman Catholic church in Gornji Kosinj Croatia.It has polygonal sanctuary sacristy and bell tower along the main facade.
 The Regent Shopping Centre is an indoor shopping mall located in the centre of Hamilton South Lanarkshire Scotland. The centre is distinct from The Regent Centre a shopping centre in Kirkintilloch.
 St Mary's Church Barton Bendish is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Barton Bendish Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner was of the opinion that its west door is one of the best Norman doorways in England. The church stands in an isolated position to the west of the village.
 The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church is located at 28 Race St. Charleston South Carolina. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The first Greek Orthodox church in South Carolina was built in 1911 at Fishburne and St. Phillip Sts. Construction of the present church was begun in 1950 and completed in 1953. The church was designed by Demetrios Liollio a Charleston architect and is in the traditional style of a Byzantine church.
 The Howard County Courthouse on Indian St. between 6th and 7th Sts. in St. Paul Nebraska was built in 1912. It was designed by Berlinghof & Davis and George A. Berlinghof in Classical Revival style.It is a four-story building made of brick and of Bedford Indiana limestone.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Karlstad Cathedral (Swedish: Karlstads domkyrka) is a cathedral in Karlstad Sweden.
 One Metropolitan Square also known as Met Square is a skyscraper completed in 1989 in downtown St. Louis Missouri. At 180.7 m (593 ft) it is the tallest building in the city and second tallest building in Missouri behind One Kansas City Place in Kansas City.
 Global Village Folk Museum is a museum in Seoul South Korea. It is located near Mt. Namsan.
 The Sewall-Belmont House and Museum located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington D.C. USA is a historic house and museum of the U.S. women's suffrage and equal-rights movements.The Sewall-Belmont House & Museum is located at 144 Constitution Ave. Northeast Washington D.C. and the public entrance is on 2nd Street NE next to the Hart Senate Office Building. It is open to the public Thursday Friday and Saturday for tours at 11 a.m. 1 p.m. and 3 p.m.
 Saint Benedict - Our Lady of Montserrat or simply St. Benedict's Church is a Catholic church in Stamford Connecticut in the Diocese of Bridgeport.The historic Neo-Tudor church at 1A St. Benedict's Circle was built in 1930 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The architect was Henry F.
 Villa Saraceno is a Palladian Villa in Agugliaro Province of Vicenza northern Italy. It was commissioned by the patrician Saraceno family.
 The Dalles Commercial Historic District comprises a primarily commercial and civic portion of downtown The Dalles Oregon United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Kuningan City in Jakarta Indonesia is a mixed-use complex including a shopping mall 2 apartment towers and 1 office tower. It is located in South Jakarta. The mall is called Kuningan City Mall apartment complex is named Denpasar Residences and the office tower is named AXA Tower. The two Denpasar Residence Towers are 6th and 7th tallest building in Jakarta.
 The Old University of Alabama Observatory now known as Frederick R. Maxwell Hall was an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama. Although no longer used as an observatory the building has been restored and preserved. It currently houses the university's Creative Campus Assembly an organization dedicated to building a collaborative environment between students faculty and the community.
 Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop is a site in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana.Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop is a tavern located on the corner of Bourbon Street and St. Philip Street. The tavern's building built sometime before 1772 is one of the older surviving structures in New Orleans (the Ursuline Convent for example is older) and has been called the oldest continually occupied bar in the United States. According to legend the pirate Jean Lafitte (ca. 1776 – ca.
 The Hazen-Spiller House is a historic late First Period house at 8 Groveland Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. Built c. 1724 by Richard Hazen It is a rare example of a brick house of the time and notable for its role in early 20th century restoration activities. The 2.5 story building is made of brick laid in English bond with end chimneys and a central hall layout.
 Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway 3759 is a standard gauge 4-8-4 (four leading wheels eight driving wheels and four trailing wheels) Northern type steam railway locomotive built by Baldwin in 1928. It is on display in Locomotive Park located between Andy Devine Avenue and Beale Street in Kingman Arizona.
 Pok Pok is a Thai restaurant in Portland Oregon and New York City. The founder and chief chef is Andy Ricker. Its Portland location is at 3226 Southeast Division Street while the New York City location is located on the Columbia Street Waterfront.
 Adolph Zang Mansion is a National Register of Historic Places listed building in Denver Colorado. It is located at 709 Clarkson Street. Built in 1903 it was designed by Denver architect Frederick C. Eberley. Architecturally it is Neoclassical Revival. It was built for Adolph J. Zang son of the founder of Zang Brewery.
 The Jurby Transport Museum (Manx: Thie Tashtee Arraghey Yurby) is a transport museum in Jurby on the Isle of Man. It is the largest transport museum on the island. The museum is based in a former aircraft hangar.The museum is operated by a group of volunteers who are members of the Manx Transport Trust.
 The Saint Fructuosus Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral de San Fructuoso) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Tacuarembó. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tacuarembó since 1960.
 St Andrew's Church Newcastle upon Tyne is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Newcastle upon Tyne.
 The Thompson Store is a property in Duplex Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988. It dates from c.1890.It is a one-story wood frame building dating from c.1890 or c.1900 that was the general store and post office of the crossroads community of Duplex into the mid-1900s.
 Westmead Hospital is a major 975 bed tertiary hospital in Sydney Australia opened on 10 November 1978 by the then Premier Neville Wran and guest of honour was former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam. It is a teaching hospital of Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney and forms part of the Western Sydney Local Health District.The hospital serves a population of 1.85m people and is located on one of the largest health and hospital campuses in Australia.
 Mall St.Vincent 32.477225°N 93.75305°W﻿ / 32.477225; -93.75305 is an enclosed shopping mall located at the intersection of Interstate 49 and Kings Highway in Shreveport Louisiana. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States. The mall features two major anchors Dillard's and Sears and 55 specialty shops.
 The Rose Tower also known as Rose Rayhaan by Rotana is a 72-storey 333 m (1093 ft) hotel on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It was the world's tallest hotel from 2009-2012. The tower was originally to be 380 m (1250 ft) but design modification reduced it to 333 m (1093 ft).Construction on the tower began in 2004 and was completed in 2007. On 24 October 2006 the building reached its full height with the addition of the spire.
 The Ashgabat Trauma Center (Turkmen: Şikesleri bejeriş halkara merkezi) - a large orthopedic center in Ashgabat.
 The Hudson Museum is an anthropology museum that is operated by the University of Maine and is located in the Collins Center for the Arts in Orono Maine. The museum's collections include Maine Native American baskets and basket-making tools Precolumbian ceramics weapons and gold work and baskets jewelry ceramics textiles clothing tools weapons and contemporary art from Native American peoples around the United States and the Arctic area.
 District School 4 is a historic one room school building located at Coventry in Chenango County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame building on a cut-stone foundation built about 1900. It is four bays wide and three bays deep with a broad gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Truesdale Hospital is a historic former hospital located at 1820 Highland Avenue in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It has since been converted into apartments known as The Highlands.
 Old Roanoke County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Salem Virginia. It was built in 1909-1910 and is a three-story Classical Revival-style yellow brick building. The front facade features a three-story tetra-style Ionic order portico. The courthouse has a hipped roof topped by a cupola which is topped by an eagle. A rear addition was built in 1948-1949.
 The Almon A. Covey House at 1211 East 100 South Salt Lake City Utah is a Prairie School-style house designed by Ware & Treganza. Construction commenced in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.According to the NRHP nomination it is significant as a fine example of Prairie School style in Utah. It is probably one of the earliest examples of Prairie School style in the work of Ware & Treganza.Construction of the Hyrum T.
 St James' Church Wrightington Bar is in Church Lane to the west of the village of Wrightington Bar Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn.
 The former V&D in Heerlen was designed by Frits Peutz (best known for the Glaspaleis) in 1958 as part of the store chain Vroom & Dreesmann (located in Heerlen since 1920). The interior design was done by Mr. Kober and his daughter Marcia and the builders were E. Joosten and L. Reumkens.
 The Museo de la Historia de Ponce (Museum of the History of Ponce) is a museum located in the historic Casa Salazar-Candal in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. The museum depicts the city's ecology economy architecture government and elements of daily life.
 United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Pullman Washington that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Mengo Hospital also known as Namirembe Hospital is a hospital in Kampala the capital city of Uganda.
 The Stage Door Gallery is located at 301 Mason Avenue Cape Charles Virginia United States. The gallery contains rotating exhibits of works by local artists. The gallery contains 2500 square feet (230 m2) of floor space.
 The Metropolitan Building in Los Angeles California is one of a number of buildings built along S. Broadway in the early decades of the twentieth century for commercial and retail uses. Located at the intersection of W. 5th Street and S. Broadway the Metropolitan Building replaced a two-story Romanesque Revival style building with storefronts on S. Broadway and W. 5th Street. This building was called the Mueller Building for its owner Michail Mueller.
 The Chennai Citi Centre is a shopping mall in Mylapore Chennai India. It was opened in 2006. According to Cushman and Wakefield a global real estate consultancy firm it is one of the most expensive shopping malls in Chennai.[citation needed]
 All Saints Church is the parish church in Normanton West Yorkshire England.
 The Shelburne Hotel was a resort in Atlantic City New Jersey located at Michigan Avenue and the Boardwalk. Built and opened in 1869 the hotel was originally a wood-frame cottage. Following several expansions under the direction of hotel manager Jacob Weikel a modern brick-faced steel frame multistory structure was constructed along Michigan Avenue at the corner with the Boardwalk. This portion of the hotel opened in 1926.
 The Canada Saskatchewan Production Studios are located in Regina Saskatchewan at the corner of College Avenue and Broad Street. Built in 1913 the structure has served as a normal school military training facility and fine arts building for the University of Regina.
 The Music Hall is a theatre on Danforth Avenue in Toronto Ontario Canada.
 The Clark County Jail is located in Neillsville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Additionally it is listed on the Wisconsin State Register of Historic Places and is designated a historic landmark by the Neillsville Historic Preservation Commission.
 The Elijah Fiske House is a historic house at 457 Lincoln Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The two story brick house was built c. 1801 and is one of only three Federal style brick houses in the city. It is five bays wide and four deep with entrances on the western and southern facades. The entrances are slightly recessed in an opening with a fanlight top.
 Owlwood Estate is a mansion in Holmby Hills Los Angeles California.
 The Royal Bournemouth Hospital is an acute general hospital in Bournemouth Dorset UK. It has 692 beds and is part of Royal Bournemouth & Christchurch Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
 The Capehart House is a Queen Anne Style house built circa 1898 by Charles P. Snuggs for Lucy Catherine Capehart and her second husband B.A. Capehart. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located on 424 North Blount Street. The house is one of the best examples of Queen Anne Style that is still standing in Raleigh.
 School 13 is a historic school building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.The building formerly served as home to Boys Vocational High School and Buffalo Alternative High School.
 Richard Guenther House in Oshkosh Wisconsin United States is a house built in 1888. It was a home of Prussian-born Richard W. Guenther who became a U.S. Congressman from Oshkosh.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architectural significance.It was designed by architect William Waters.
 Hamilton Union Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 2291 Western Turnpike in Guilderland Albany County New York. It was built in 1886 and is in the Eastlake / Stick style. It features a large open bell tower on the south side. The structure incorporates buttresses to compensate for the lack of roof trusses.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hyderabad House (Hindi: हैदराबाद भवनUrdu: حيدراباد هاؤز‎) earlier known as Palace of the Nizam of Hyderabad was a princely residence of Osman Ali Khan Nizam VII located at New Delhi India. It was designed by eminent British architect Sir Edwin Lutyens. It was the Delhi palace of the Last Nizam and a part of 'Lutyens' Delhi'.
 Superstition Springs Center is a shopping mall located in Mesa Arizona. It is owned by Westcor a subsidiary of The Macerich Company. The mall features an outdoor amphitheatre and a fountain that converts into a stage featuring free concerts from May to August on Saturday evenings.The anchors at the mall are Dillard's JCPenney Macy's and Sears with Mervyns (now closed) having opened on June 15 1994.
 The Middlesex Guildhall is the home of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom and of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. It stands on the south-west corner of Parliament Square in London.
 Niagara Falls Public Library also known as the Carnegie Library in order to distinguish it from the new Earl W. Brydges Library is a historic library located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York.
 Lawrence Plaza is a shopping centre in Canada located on the northwest corner of Bathurst Street and Lawrence Avenue West in Toronto. It is also the name of a small shopping plaza in Santa Clara California serving the Korean community with a grocery store bakery coffee shop and a food court; this article describes the shopping centre in Toronto.
 HMP Shepton Mallet sometimes known as Cornhill is a former prison located in Shepton Mallet Somerset England. Prior to closure it was the United Kingdom's oldest operating prison.Before closure Shepton Mallet was a Category C Lifer Prison holding 189 prisoners. The prison building is grade II* listed. Its closure was announced in January 2013.
 Kerry County Museum is a museum located in Tralee County Kerry in Ireland. The museum is based in the Ashe Memorial Hall in the centre of Tralee. The aim of the museum is to collect record preserve and display the material heritage of Co. Kerry. Under the National Monuments Act (1994) and the National Cultural Institutions Act (1997) it is a designated repository for archaeological artefacts in Co. Kerry.
 Phoenix Heights also known as 4 Mastmaker Road is a mixed tenure residential development in the Docklands area of London near to South Quay DLR station and Canary Wharf. It forms a social housing commitment developed as part of the nearby Pan Peninsula project.
 The Carver Theater is a former movie theater located in the Anacostia neighborhood of Washington D.C. in the United States.
 Poughkeepsie Underwear Factory is a historic factory building located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1874 and is a 3 1⁄2-story eight-bay brick building. It was expanded about 1887.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Old First National Bank of Punta Gorda (also known as the Old Merchants Bank of Punta Gorda) is a historic bank in Punta Gorda Florida United States. It is located at 133 West Marion Avenue. On March 14 1991 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Church of the Holy Communion is a historic church building on Summit Avenue in Norwood Bergen County New Jersey United States.It was designed by J. Cleaveland Cady in Late Gothic Revival style and Shingle Style and was built in 1886. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Rafael Gonzalez House is an historic house located at 835 Laguna Street in the historic center of the city of Santa Barbara California. The Rafael Gonzales House was designated a National Historic Landmark on April 15 1970 and added to the National Register of Historic Places.The building is currently home to a bookstore Randall House Rare Books. A plaque there says: Built in 1825 by Rafael Gonzales later alcalde of Santa Barbara.
 The F. L. Ames Gardener's Cottage is a small residential house in North Easton Massachusetts. This building was designed in 1884 by noted American architect Henry Hobson Richardson and built the following year. This building sits on the original Ames estate and was designed soon after the neighboring Ames Gate Lodge (also a Richardson design). Fredrick L. Ames also commissioned Richardson to build the nearby Old Colony Railroad Station.
 The Oliver Hastings House is an historic house at 101 Brattle Street Cambridge Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark noted as an excellent example of Greek Revival architecture. It was the home of Oliver Hastings a local builder.The house was constructed by Hastings in 1844 adjacent to the home of poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (now the Longfellow House–Washington's Headquarters National Historic Site).
 Stono River Slave Rebellion Site is a site significant for its association with the Stono Rebellion the first slave revolt in the United States in 1739. It was the location of Hutchinson's warehouse where the revolt began.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.The SC DAH summary is here.It is located 12 miles west of Charleston in the vicinity of Rantowles about 200 yards north of US Highway 17 and on the west bank of the Wallace River.
 Heichinrou (Kanji: 聘珍樓 Hiragana: へいちんろう Chinese: Pìn-zhen-lou) is a Chinese restaurant located in the Chinatown of Yokohama Japan. It is privately held and is the oldest operating Chinese restaurant in Japan. The Zhang (張) family first started the restaurant and operated for it for two generations then the Bao (鮑) family for three generations until Tatsuo Hayashi (林達雄) took over. Today his son Yasuhiro Hayashi (林康弘) operates as the seventh president.
 St. John the Evangelist Anglican Church located at 320 Main StreetFoam Lake Saskatchewan Canada is a church of the Anglican Diocese of Saskatoon. The building is designated a municipal historic site as it was established as a mission in 1911 by the Anglican Diocese of Qu'Appelle. The building has continued as a parish church since being established.
 HM Prison Wymott Category C men's prison located in the village of Ulnes Walton (near Leyland) in Lancashire England. Wymott is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated next to HMP Garth.
 The Museum of Country Life is located in Turlough Village 8 km northeast of Castlebar County Mayo in Ireland. Established in 2001 the museum is part of the National Museum of Ireland. The museum exhibits the way of life of rural Irish people between 1850 and 1950 and it is in the grounds of Turlough Park House. There are displays about the home the natural environment trades and crafts communities and working on the land and water.
 The Bedkhem Church(Other names: Bedghehem church or Beyt Lahm church or Bethlehem church) is an Armenian Apostolic church in the Julfa quarter in Isfahan Iran. One of the most important historical churches of the city it belongs to the Abbas I era. The church is located in the Julfa square near Saint Mary Church. The Bedkhem church was built by an Armenian merchant named Khaje Petros. There are decorations and paintings on its walls depicting the life of Jesus.
 The Kansas City Athenaeum in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Benjamin Abbot House or Abbot Homestead is a historic house at 9 Andover Street in Andover Massachusetts USA. It remains a private residence and is visible from the Haverhill MBCR commuter train just before the Andover station. It was the residence of Benjamin Abbot a teacher and central figure of the Salem Witch Trials. Abbot accused Martha Carrier of giving him a boil and killing one of his cows through witchcraft.
 Minterburn Mill is a textile mill located in the village of Rockville Vernon Connecticut. As one of the sites in the Rockville Historic District it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing structure.It includes Greek Revival architecture and was partly designed and/or built by Frank B.
 The Yakima Valley Museum is a 65000-square-foot (6000 m2) facility offers historical exhibits on the Yakima Valley—its natural history American Indian culture pioneer life early city life and the roots and development of the Valley’s fruit industry.
 Baker Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 14 is a historic reinforced concrete closed spandrel arch bridge spanning the Great Trough Creek and located at Todd Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1917 and measures 114-foot-long (35 m) and has a 17-foot-wide (5.2 m) bridge deck. It has two arch spans.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Silkman House also known as the Providence Branch of the Scranton Public Library is a historic home located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1840 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular frame building in the Greek Revival style. It has a front gable roof large central chimney brick foundation and one-story wing. The front facade features a portico supported by four square columns.
 The Ema Gordon Klabin Cultural Foundation (in Portuguese Fundação Cultural Ema Gordon Klabin) is an art museum located in the city of São Paulo Brazil. Officially established in 1978 it is a not-for-profit private institution legally declared as an organization of federal public interest.
 The Załuski Library (Polish: Biblioteka Załuskich Latin: Bibliotheca Zalusciana) was built in Warsaw in 1747–1795 by Józef Andrzej Załuski and his brother Andrzej Stanisław Załuski both Roman Catholic bishops.
 The Dodd Ford Bridge is a bridge spanning the Blue Earth River about one mile southwest of Amboy Minnesota in Blue Earth County Minnesota. The bridge is a steel pin-connected nine-panel overhead Pratt-truss highway bridge. Constructed in 1901 it is among the state's earliest remaining examples of the overhead Pratt type.
 China World Hotel Beijing (Chinese: 中国大饭店) is a five-star hotel of the Hong Kong based Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts group (Chinese: 香格里拉酒店集團) group.A landmark building in Beijing with the largest portfolio of conference and meetings halls in the city it has been likened to a “ground zero of China’s modern ascent to international prominence” and was one of the first three hotels in mainland China to be receive a Platinum Five Star rating from the China National Tourism Administration (CNTA).It is located next to the The China World Trade Center in Chaoyang District the central business district of Beijing China and attached to the China World Mall.
 The Lingnan Fine Arts Museum (Chinese: 嶺南美術館; pinyin: Lǐngnán Měishùguǎn) of the Academia Sinica is a museum in Nangang District Taipei Taiwan.
 Ilkeston Town Hall in the Market Place Ilkeston Derbyshire is a Grade II listed building.
 Monkland Priory was a priory in Monkland Herefordshire England at grid reference SO46045768.
 Spongeorama is a sponge diving museum in Tarpon Springs Pinellas County Florida. The museum was founded in 1968 and claims the largest selection of natural sea sponges. Exhibits cover the history of the sponge docks in Tarpon Springs and the Greek immigrants who worked in the sponge business. The museum includes a gift shop with Florida souveneirs Greek items art jewelry sponges loofah and bath & body items.
 The church of St Nicholas in Harpenden is a parish church in the Church of England.
 Poughkeepsie Meeting House (Montgomery Street) is a historic meeting house at 112 Montgomery Street in Poughkeepsie New York.It was built in 1863 for the Society of Friends (Quakers). The building was sold to the Temple Beth El a local Jewish synagogue in 1927. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Robert W. Hazlett House is a historic home located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1887 and is a three-story Second Empire style brick residence measuring 30 feet wide and 112 feet deep. It features a central hooded bay and a polychrome slate-covered mansard roof. The interior has many Queen Anne style details.
 2345 Grand (formerly the IBM Plaza IBM Building and Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company Building) is a skyscraper in Kansas City Missouri. It is listed on many sites as being the work of Mies van der Rohe however he died in 1969 before the 1977 opening. The work was done by Fujikawa Conterato Lohan & Associates.
 55 West is an apartment tower in Downtown Orlando. The building overlooks Church Street Station and stands next to the Suntrust Center. Built in 2009 the building is the fifth tallest building in downtown.
 Gelati (Georgian: გელათის მონასტერი) is a monastic complex near Kutaisi Imereti western Georgia. It contains the Church of the Virgin founded by the King of Georgia David the Builder in 1106 and the 13th-century churches of St George and St Nicholas.The Gelati Monastery for a long time was one of the main cultural and intellectual centers in Georgia.
 Providence St. Vincent Medical Center is a non-profit acute care teaching hospital in the Portland metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Oregon. The center is Providence Health & Services’s largest Oregon hospital. St. Vincent has specialized programs including Providence Heart and Vascular Institute Oregon Medical Laser Center Providence Multiple Sclerosis Center and Providence Stroke Center. The hospital is licensed for 552 beds and has over 3500 employees.
 Fremlin Walk is an outdoor centre in the town of Maidstone in Kent which opened in 2005 after several years of development by Centros Miller to include 350000 sq ft (33000 m2) of shopping and an 800 space car park.The original owner was Land Securities plc. Legal & General Property bought the centre in 2011 for £92 million.
 The Sherif Halil Pasha Mosque (Bulgarian: Томбул джамия Turkish: Tombul Camii) more commonly known as the Tombul (or Tumbul) Mosque located in Shumen is the largest mosque in Bulgaria and among the largest on the Balkans.
 Charles W. Russell House is a historic home located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1848 and is a 2 1/2-story four bay wide Greek Revival-style brick dwelling. It was constructed as an office and residence for attorney Charles W. Russell (1818-1867). It was part of the military headquarters established at Wheeling during the first winter of the American Civil War.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Washington County Jail is a log one-room jail previously used in Oregon. It was built in 1853 and was used until 1870. In 1986 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) and is preserved by the Washington County Museum in Washington County Oregon United States and is exhibited outside of the museum near its entrance. In 2008 the building was de-listed from the NRHP.
 The Global 188 officially SPG Global Towers are twin towers in Suzhou China. They are 938.3 feet (286 meters) to the spire making them the 90th tallest buildings in the world with 54 floors. The roof height is 787 feet. Groundbreaking on the towers began in 2007 and they were completed in 2010. Tower A is used mostly for office space while tower B is residential.The towers bear a striking resemblance to the One Liberty Place skyscraper complex in Philadelphia United States.
 The church Santi Quirico e Giulitta is a church in the Genovese quarter of San Quirico located on val Polcevera. A church at the site is first recorded by 1143. It underwent a number of reconstructions and enlargements. By the 1840s the church nearly lay in ruins with the roof caving in. Construction of the present Neoclassic structure and façade began in 1849; it represents the designs of the architect Angelo Scaniglia and was consecrated in 1851.
 Patroon Agent's House and Office also known as the Casparus Pruyn House and Office or Whish-Hull House and H. V. Rector office is a historic home and office located on the Hudson River at Rensselaer in Rensselaer County New York. It was built and first occupied Nov. 29 1839 and consists of a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular brick residence with an attached 1-story rectangular brick office in the Greek Revival style. It was built by the Van Rensselaer family as a home and office for Casparus F.
 The Building at 614 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a modest commercial building built in 1910. Stylistically the single story wood frame building is similar to 606 Main Street although it has more obvious Arts and Crafts features including exposed rafters. The building has a gable roof whose front slope includes a shed-roof dormer providing access to storage space above the stores.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Christ Church Macclesfield is a redundant Anglican church in Great King Street Macclesfield Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is open to visitors at advertised times. The church was in use until 1981. It remains consecrated and is used occasionally for services.
 Grand Century Place is a shopping centre located in east Mong Kok Hong Kong. There are 7 floors consisting of MTR floor and levels 1-6. It is connected to Mong Kok East Station.
 Mount Diablo Unitarian Universalist Church (MDUUC) is a church in Walnut Creek California. In 2011 it claimed a membership of 455. The church buildings occupy a 14-acre tract at 55 Eckley Lane in Walnut Creek.
 Ritchie Building is a historic building at 112 Cypress Street in Brookline Massachusetts. It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Hennepin is a shipwreck off the east coast of Lake Michigan west of South Haven Michigan. The ship was originally built in October 1888 and sank on August 18 1927. Michigan Shipwreck Research Associates found the ship in 2006 and conducted several dives to assess the condition of the wreck. The wreck was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 1 2008. It is significant as the first self-unloading bulk carrier.
 Genki Sushi is a chain of conveyor belt sushi restaurants established in 1990 in Japan. The chain expanded to include locations in Japan Hong Kong Singapore Kuwait and the United States including California Hawaii and Washington.
 Museo de Aloe de Lanzarote the Aloe Museum of Lanzarote is a museum situated in the village of Arrieta in the north of the island of Lanzarote Canary Islands. The museum is the only centre for the interpretation of Aloe vera that exists in the Canary Islands. The museum is 150 square meters in size and is decorated with volcanic rock.
 The Mindszent Church (Mindszenti templom) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the centre of Miskolc Hungary. It was built between 1724 and 1880 in Baroque style. It is officially called St. Peter and Paul Church but in colloquial speech it's always referred to as Mindszent church.The church stands on Mindszent Place which is a triangular place bordered by the church the International Trade Center and the County Office of National Health Service.
 Passavant House is a historic home located at Zelienople Butler County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1809 and is a simple 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay brick dwelling on a sandstone foundation. A two-story frame addition was added to the rear about 1820. A two-story bay window and porch were added in 1915.
 The Hamilton General Hospital (HGH) is a major teaching hospital in downtown Hamilton Canada on the corners of Barton Street East and Victoria Avenue North. It is operated by Hamilton Health Sciences and is formally affiliated with McMaster University.HGH is also a trauma centre handling cases in and outside of Toronto in Southern Ontario.
 Westfield Knox (formerly known as Knox City Shopping Centre) is a super-regional shopping centre outdoor entertainment and professional services complex located in the outer eastern Melbourne suburb of Wantirna South in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar is a large Hasidic synagogue located at Rodney Street in Williamsburg Brooklyn. It was constructed as the previous main shul on Bedford Avenue was to small. It is now the main synagogue for the Zalmen sect of the Satmar dynasty.
 Pike County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Milford Pike County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1873 and is a 2 1/2-story eight bay by six bay brick building in the Second Empire style. It features a projecting front section with pediment and a square cupola.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Hilton Princess San Salvador Hotel is a hotel in San Salvador El Salvador. Designed by Salvadoran arquitect Manuel Roberto Meléndez Bischitz it is one of the tallest buildings in the country at 61 metres in height. The lobby has a marble floor and large paintings and the rooms are said to have thick carpets with heavy wood armoires.
 Lowland Cottage is a historic home located near Ware Neck Gloucester County Virginia. The main and earliest part of the house considered to have been built between 1666 and 1676 is a gambrel roofed 1 1/2-story structure approximately 40 feet by 20 feet. Sometime between 1783 and 1831 Lowland Cottage received two additions: a 1 1/2-story gambrel-roofed wing on the east end and a two-story wing on the north side.
 The Machias Post Office and Customhouse in Machias Maine was built in 1872. It served historically as a customhouse and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Royal Air Force Museum Cosford is a museum dedicated to the history of aviation and the Royal Air Force in particular. The museum is part of the Royal Air Force Museum a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Ministry of Defence and a registered charity. The museum is spread over two sites in England the other site is at the Royal Air Force Museum London at Colindale (near Hendon) in north London.
 The Fairmount Heights Historic District encompasses an area of 144 acres (58 ha) in the historic heart of Fairmount Heights Maryland. The area is notable as one of the first planned African-American communities in the Washington DC area. Predominantly residential in character most of its housing stock was built between 1900 and 1960 although there has also been recent development. The district includes the original town hall (built 1908).
 The Castle of Guimarães (Portuguese: Castelo de Guimarães) is the principal medieval castle in the municipality Guimarães in the northern region of Portugal. It was ordered constructed by D. Mumadona Dias in the 10th century in order to defend its monastery from attacks by Moors and Norman.The castle is a military fortification grounded primarily in the late Romanesque period and elaborated during the early Gothic epoch of Portuguese architecture.
 The Franciscan Church is a place of worship in Cluj-Napoca Romania. It was built between 1260 and 1290 on the site of an older Catholic church destroyed during the Tatar invasions in 1241.
 Cane Ridge Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Antioch Tennessee.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Iglesia de Santo Domingo (Oviedo) is a church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. It was established in 1518.
 The Church of Christ the King is a church belonging to the Catholic Apostolic Church which is situated in Gordon Square Bloomsbury London beside Dr Williams's Library and near University College London. The church is currently used by the Anglican organisation Forward in Faith. It has been a Grade I listed building since 10 June 1954.
 Elmwood is a neighborhood in the South Side of Providence Rhode Island. The triangular region is demarcated by Broad Street Elmwood Avenue and Interstate 95.
 The John Hossack House is a historic house in Ottawa Illinois USA. It was built in 1854–55 and was a station on the Underground Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Saint Anne's Church in the Soho section of London was consecrated on 21 March 1686 by Bishop Henry Compton as the parish church of the new civil and ecclesiastical parish of St Anne created from part of the parish of St Martin in the Fields. The Church of England parish has been the Parish of St Anne with St Thomas and St Peter since 1945. The church and parish are part of the Deanery of Westminster (St Margaret) within the Diocese of London in the Church of England.
 The Partick and Beatrice Haggerty Museum of Art sometimes referred to simply as the Haggerty is located at 13th and Clybourn Streets on the campus of Marquette University in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin United States. The museum opened in 1984 following a university collaborative effort that was chaired by professor Curtis L. Carter.
 Jerusalem Church (German: Jerusalemskirche Jerusalemkirche or Jerusalemer Kirche) is one of the churches of the Evangelical Congregation in the Friedrichstadt (under this name since 2001) a member of the Protestant umbrella organisation Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia. The present church building is located in Berlin borough Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg in the quarter of Friedrichstadt.
 This article is about Central Congregational Church in Newton Massachusetts.
 Oakmont Country Club is a country club and the oldest top-ranked golf course in the U.S. near Pittsburgh's northeast suburbs of Plum and Oakmont Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Turnpike separates the eastern seven holes (2–8) from the rest of the course.
 The County Museum of History and Art (Romanian: Muzeul Judeţean de Istorie şi Artă) is a museum in Zalău Romania established in 1951.
 The North Carolina State Legislative Building is the current meeting place of the North Carolina General Assembly the state legislature of the U.S. state of North Carolina. It was opened in 1963 replacing the North Carolina State Capitol as the home of the legislature since 1840.
 The Blades House also known as the W.B. Blades House is an historic house located at 602 Middle Street in New Bern North Carolina in the United States. Built in 1907 for lumber magnate William B. Blades it was designed in the Queen Anne style by prolific local architect Herbert Woodley Simpson. On January 14 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Hardy County Courthouse also known as First Hardy County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built in two sections the first built in 1792-93 and the extension added about 1833. It is an L-shaped brick building painted white. The original section measures approximately 25 feet by 50 feet and the 1833 extension 50 feet by 25 feet.
 Jan Pier House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. The farmhouse was originally built about 1761 and remodeled about 1881 in a Second Empire style. It is a one- to two story asymmetrical stone building built into a hillside. It features a Mansard roof sheathed in polychrome slate. Also on the property are two contributing barns a smoke house wellhouse / well and a cistern.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Des Moines River Bridge in Humboldt Iowa was a plate girder bridge built in 1939 located in Humboldt County Iowa. It carried Iowa Highway 3 over the West Fork of the Des Moines River for 403.2 feet (122.9 m). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wells Fargo Center is a 40-story 166.4 m (546 ft) office building with three levels of parking below the surface in Portland Oregon. The tower became the tallest building in the state of Oregon when it was completed in 1972.
 Nakhalpara Sapra Mosque is a mosque in Nakhalpara Bangladesh.
 St Peter's Church Cound is located in the grounds of Cound Hall Cound Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of 13 other parishes to form the benefice of Wenlock. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Negro Leagues Baseball Museum was founded in 1990 in Kansas City Missouri. It is a privately funded museum dedicated to preserving the history of Negro League baseball in America. The museum is part of the historic 18th & Vine district which also includes the American Jazz Museum.
 BMW Headquarters (German: BMW-Vierzylinder BMW four-cylinder; also BMW Tower or BMW Hochhaus) is a Munich landmark which has served as world headquarters for the Bavarian automaker BMW for over 40 years. It was declared a protected historic building in 1999. Extensive renovations commenced in 2004 and were completed in 2006.
 Lindbergh Viaduct is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Reading in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a multiple span 866-foot-long (264 m) open-spandrel concrete arch bridge with 13 spans constructed in 1927. There are five main spans each 83-foot-long (25 m) and eight secondary spans. It crosses Mineral Spring Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Thomas Munce House is a historic building in Washington Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Royal Prince Alfred Hospital (abbreviated RPAH or RPA and sometimes shortened to PA Hospital) is a major public teaching hospital in Sydney Australia located on Missenden Road in Camperdown. It is a teaching hospital of the Central Clinical School of the Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney and is situated in proximity to the Blackburn Building of the university's main campus.
 Church St. Petka Kumanovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Црква Света Петка Куманово) is a orthodox church in Bedinje (Macedonian Cyrillic: Бедиње) neighborhood in Kumanovo Macedonia.
 Herberg Onder de Linden is a restaurant located in Aduard in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star from 1992 to present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.The restaurant is in fact a continuation of Le Mérinos d'Or a former Michelin-starred restaurant in Groningen.Onder de Linden had from the start a Michelin-star. This because head chef Geerhard Slenema could bring the Michelin-star with him from Le Mérinos d'Or.
 The Patrick Henry Building is a historic building located in Richmond Virginia. Formerly designated simply as the Old State Library or the Virginia State Library and Archives and Virginia Supreme Court it was renovated then rededicated and renamed for the founding father and former Virginia Governor Patrick Henry on June 13 2005.
 The Dr. S. O. Richardson House is a historic house at 694 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. Built in the late 1830s this wood frame house is one of the finest Greek Revival houses in Wakefield and was the home of Dr. Solon O. Richardson a locally prominent physician and real estate developer.
 Jan Hus Presbyterian Church located at 351 East 74th Street New York New York in Manhattan's Upper East Side is a congregation associated with the Presbyterian Church USA.The church is named for Jan Hus a Bohemian priest who was a theologian and reformer. The church is in the area that was once known as Little Bohemia.
 Riga Castle (Latvian: Rīgas pils) is a castle on the banks of River Daugava in Riga the capital of Latvia. The castle was founded in 1330. This structure was thoroughly rebuilt between 1497 and 1515. Upon the castle's seizure by the Swedes they constructed spacious annexes in 1641. The fortress was continually augmented and reconstructed between the 17th and 19th centuries. Sometime in the 1930s some renovation work was done by architect Eižens Laube.
 The Jonathan Taylor Grimes House is the oldest standing house in Edina Minnesota United States. It was built in 1869 and appears to have been influenced by Andrew Jackson Downing's book The Architecture of Country Houses. The house is a 1½ story frame cottage with intersecting gable roofs dormers a bay window and a shallow front porch. Gothic Revival details are found in the second-story windows the steeply pitched roof lines and the gabled wall dormers.
 St Peter upon Cornhill is an Anglican church on the corner of Cornhill and Gracechurch Street in the City of London of medieval origin. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren. It is now a satellite church in the parish of St Helen's Bishopsgate and is used for staff training bible studies and a youth club.
 The Gordon House is a residence designed by influential architect Frank Lloyd Wright now located within the Oregon Garden in Silverton Oregon. It is an example of Wright's Usonian vision for America.It is one of the last of the Usonian series designed for American working-class consumers which—in 1939—was considered $5000–6000 per year. The house is based on a design for a modern home commissioned by Life magazine in 1938 at a time when Wright had little work.
 The Frankford Avenue Bridge also known as the Pennypack Creek Bridge the Pennypack Bridge the Holmesburg Bridge and the King's Highway Bridge erected in 1697 in the Holmesburg section of Northeast Philadelphia in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania is the oldest surviving roadway bridge in the United States. The three-span 73-foot-long (22 m) twin stone arch bridge carries Frankford Avenue (U.S. Route 13) just north of Solly Avenue over Pennypack Creek in Pennypack Park.
 Plum Orchard is an estate located in the middle of the western shore of Cumberland Island Georgia. The estate and surrounding area are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Designed by Peabody and Stearns for George Lauder Carnegie it was formally dedicated on October 6 1898.
 Hankins District No. One Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school located at Hankins in Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1845.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 De Grië is a restaurant located in Oosterend Terschelling in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1993-2005 and in 2007.Head chef of De Grië is Joos van Strien. In the time of the Michelin star Ton van Scheppingen was the head chef.The restaurant was originally located at Hoofdstraat 43 in Oosterend. In 2006 the restaurant moved to the new hotel Paal 8 Hotel aan Zee.
 The Bank of Oberlin located at 187 S. Penn in Oberlin Kansas was a bank whose building was constructed c. 1886. The building also known as the Decatur County Courthouse and as First National Bank of Oberlin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It is a 28-by-60-foot (8.5 m × 18.3 m) two-story red brick building.
 Marmion is a historic home located near Comorn King George County Virginia. The original section was built about 1670 by William Fitzhugh (1651-1701) progenitor of the Fitzhugh family in Virginia. It took its present form after 1790 or 1800. The house is a frame two-story house with a clipped gable roof and two interior end chimneys with exposed chimney shafts.
 The Balch House is a historic house in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located along Greendale Avenue in that city's Clifton neighborhood it is a two-and-a-half-story building constructed primarily in the Queen Anne style of architecture.In 1892 Cincinnati Hamilton and Dayton Railroad executive George Balch moved to Clifton. Four years later deciding to construct a house for himself he chose renowned Cincinnati architect Samuel Hannaford.
 The St. Francis Chapel in New Roads Louisiana also known as Saint Francis of Pointe Coupee is a Gothic building built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The J. C. Penney Co. Warehouse Building formerly also known as Edison Brothers Warehouse Building and now Edison Condominiums is a historic warehouse building in downtown St. Louis Missouri. The building now serves as a Condo-hotel.
 St Paul's Church is a nineteenth-century Church of England parish church in Grangetown Cardiff Wales. In 2010 it was put up for sale because of excessive repair and running costs.
 Kings Weston House (grid reference ST529771) is a historic building in Kings Weston Lane Kingsweston Bristol England.It was built between 1712 and 1719 was designed by Sir John Vanbrugh for Edward Southwell on the site of an earlier Tudor house remodelled 1763–1768 by Robert Mylne and again between 1845 and 1850 by Thomas Hopper. A significant architectural feature is the grouping of all the chimneys into a massive arcade.
 CBS Television City is a television studio complex located in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles at 7800 Beverly Boulevard at the corner of North Fairfax Avenue. It is one of two CBS television studios in southern California — the other is CBS Studio Center located in the Studio City section of the San Fernando Valley which houses additional production facilities and the network's Los Angeles local television operations (KCBS and KCAL).
 William E. Wheeler House is a historic home located at Portville in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Stick-style wood-frame dwelling built in 1880. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Aetna Building is a 309 feet (94 metres) 22-floor highrise building in downtown Jacksonville Florida. It is also known as Prudential Plaza I or One Prudential Plaza and formerly as the Prudential Building. It is named for Aetna which has presence in the building.Completed in 1955 it was the tallest building in the city for 13 years until surpassed by the Riverplace Tower.
 The Bridget Shea Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 21 Jefferson Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1888 the house was described as a well-preserved Queen Anne structure when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Many of its period details including corner braces and cut shingle sheathing have been lost or obscured by subsequent siding work (see photo).
 The Carl Ben Eielson House a Queen Anne style house on 8th St. in Hatton North Dakota was built in 1900. It has also been known as Osking House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It is an outstanding Queen Anne house but is most significant for its association with aviator Colonel Carl Benjamin Eielson (1897–1929).
 Appleby's Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located near St. George Dorchester County South Carolina. It was probably built about 1840-1850 and is a one-story wooden meeting house in the Greek Revival style. The building is clapboard and the medium gable roof is presently covered with asphalt shingles. Also on the property is a contributing late 19th-century cemetery.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Miami Children’s Museum (also known as MiChiMu is a non-profit educational institution located on Watson Island in the city of Miami Florida.
 The 2009 Lakanal House tower block fire was a fire that occurred on 3 July 2009 in Camberwell. London. Six people were killed and at least 20 people were injured when a fire developed and spread through a number of flats in a twelve storey tower block.
 The Our Lady of Kazan Orthodox Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral Ortodoxa Nuestra Señora de Kazán) (Russian: Православный Собор Богоматери Казанской Transliteration: Pravoslavnyĭ Sobor Bogomateri Kazanskoĭ) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in historic old town of Havana Cuba under the jurisdiction of the Russian Orthodox Church.The temple was built on the shores of Havana Harbour in Old Havana on the corner of San Pedro Ave. and Santa Clara.
 Sprenger Brewery also known as the Excelsior Brewery Complex is a historic brewery complex located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of five buildings and an open area. The Excelsior Hall was built in 1873 and is a four-story measuring 33 feet by 105 feet. It features a Victorian storefront that once housed the brewery saloon and a restored heavy sculptural mansard roof in the Second Empire style.
 The Norris Staples House is a house located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 In 2013 Transport Heritage NSW was established by the Government of New South Wales to manage rail heritage in NSW following an independent review.
 Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales formerly the National Museums and Galleries of Wales is a Welsh Government sponsored body that comprises nine museums in Wales: National Museum Cardiff St Fagans: National History Museum Cardiff Big Pit National Coal Museum Blaenavon National Woollen Museum Dre-fach Felindre near Llandysul National Slate Museum Llanberis National Roman Legionary Museum Caerleon National Waterfront Museum Swansea National Collections Centre Nantgarw Turner House Gallery PenarthIn addition to these sites Amgueddfa Cymru - National Museum Wales runs Oriel y Parc a gallery of Welsh landscape art in St David's with the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority.Rhagor (Welsh: more) an online supplement to the physical institutions contains information on items in the museum collection and images of further items which are not on display.
 The Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel is a Sheraton hotel located in New York City near Times Square. It faces 7th Avenue West 52nd Street and West 53rd Street. At 152.7 m (501 ft) it is one of the world's top 100 tallest hotels and one of the tallest hotels in New York City. It has 51 floors.
 Leon's Frozen Custard is a classic 1950s-style family owned drive-in specializing in frozen custard located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It opened in 1942 and is considered a landmark in the city of Milwaukee. It claims to be the Home of the World's Finest Frozen Custard as noted boldly on its signage. Leon's has won Milwaukee Magazine's Best Of category for several years.[citation needed] Leon's offers the three regular flavors of vanilla and chocolate and butter pecan.
 City Gate is the main terminal for the buses and maxi taxis in Port of Spain Trinidad and Tobago. It is located in the former Trinidad Government Railway terminal on South Quay. It is slated to serve as the terminal for the proposed rapid rail system.
 The House is one of the restaurants at the Cliff House Hotel in Ardmore County Waterford Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded a Michelin star from 2010 to present. Bridgestone Guides also lists the hotels as one of the 100 Best Places To Eat. Journalist Pol O Conghaile listed the hotel and restaurant on his The travel hot list 2010 in the Irish Independent.The original Cliff House Hotel was established around 1932.
 The Hôtel de Paris Monte-Carlo is a hotel located in Monte Carlo Monaco It was opened in 1863 as part of the development of Monte Carlo by the Société des Bains de Mer (SBM) under the auspices of Charles III of Monaco.
 St. Mary's Church Blymhill is an Anglican church in the village of Blymhill Staffordshire England (grid reference SJ808122). The building which is a Grade I listed building was constructed in the 14th century and restored and extended in the 18th and 19th centuries. It features an Early English south aisle a Decorated Gothic chancel and a Perpendicular Gothic tower.
 Morrill Hall of University of Nevada/Reno is a historic Italianate building that was built during 1885-86. It was described by architect Edward Parsons as 'a classic example of Italianate Victorian architecture...dignified with a wood shingled mansard roof and full dormer windows.'It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Bristol County Courthouse Complex Historic District contains three historic buildings located along Court Street in Taunton Massachusetts including the Bristol County Superior Courthouse the Bristol County Registry of Deeds and the former First District Courthouse. The city’s Korean War and World War II Memorials are also located on the lawn in front of the superior courthouse.
 The Co-Cathedral of Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue (French: Co-cathédrale Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue) is a co-cathedral in Longueuil Quebec Canada on Montreal's south shore. It is located on the corner of Rue Saint-Charles and Chemin Chambly in the Borough of Le Vieux-Longueuil. It is dedicated to St. Anthony of Padua. The cathedral houses the remains of the Blessed Marie-Rose Durocher the foundress of the Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary.Its episcopal region is Longueuil-Nord.
 Third Reformed Church of Holland is a historic church at 110 W. 12th Street in Holland Michigan.It was built in 1874 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 The John Spurr House is an historic house on Main Street in Charlton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1798 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976.Maj. Gen. John Spurr (1759–1816) served in the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War. He participated in both the Boston Tea Party and the Battle of Bunker Hill. He was commissioned a captain in Col. Thomas Nixon's Regiment in 1777.
 Mackay Memorial Hospital (Chinese: 馬偕紀念醫院; pinyin: Mǎxié Jìniàn Yīyuàn) established on December 26 1912 is one of the biggest medical center in Taiwan. The hospital is a private Christian hospital in downtown Taipei Taiwan. The hospital is mostly associated with the Revd Dr. George Leslie Mackay DD the first modern missionary to northern Taiwan. The hospital is deeply rooted in the Presbyterian denomination and is under the spiritual guidance of the Presbyterian Church in Taiwan.
 The East Blackstone Friends Meetinghouse (also known as Mendon Lower Meeting or Smithfield Monthly Meeting) is an historic Quaker meetinghouse on 197 Elm Street in Blackstone Massachusetts. The small single-story wood frame structure was built in 1812 on land donated to the Quakers by Samuel Smith a local landowner.
 Centennial Tower is a highrise building in Midland Texas. The building stands at 15 stories and 191 feet (58 m). It is the third-tallest building in the city after the Bank of America Building and the Wilco Building.
 The New County Jail is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 St. Paul's Church (German: Pauluskirche) is a Swiss Reformed Church in Basel Switzerland. The church was constructed between May 1898 and November 1901 by Karl Moser (1860–1936) and Robert Curjel and features a Neo-Romanesque architectural style. The apse is fitted with a stone pulpit that is raised behind a stone communion table. The apse also features a gallery with a central arch behind the pulpit in which the organ and choir are placed.
 Church of St. Catherine (Croatian: Crkva sv. Katarine) is a Baroque style church in Zagreb.
 The Lampert-Wildflower House is a home in the U.S. city of Belvidere Boone County Illinois. The main upright portion of the house was constructed in 1838 and the wing section was added to the home during the 1860s. It passed through the hands of several owners until it was purchased by Phillip C. Lampert who is responsible for the wildflower covered lawn. The property contains five types of rare plants and is semi-wooded shaded by 32 trees.
 Santee is a historic plantation home located at Corbin Caroline County Virginia. The property is surrounds the lands belonging to Prospect Hill. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story five bay double pile central passage plan brick dwelling. It has a two-story rear ell and a hipped roof. Also on the property are a contributing original kitchen building stable and slave house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Ziegler House also known as Ziegler Residence in Syracuse New York was designed by architect Ward Wellington Ward and built in 1915. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It is a 1 1⁄2-story house. The property includes a garage also designed by Ward which included a turntable so that vehicles would not have to be backed out of the driveway.
 St. Simon & St. Jude Church known colloquially as Tignish Church is a 19th-century Roman Catholic church located in Tignish parish Prince Edward Island Canada. As of 2006 it is the single largest church on Prince Edward Island measuring 185 feet high. It can be clearly seen for 6 miles on flat land and for many more miles at sea.
 The Rosenwald Building is a historic building in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. Designed by Henry Trost of the El Paso firm of Trost & Trost and built in 1910 it was the first reinforced concrete building in the city. It is a massive three-story building with a two-story recessed entrance and simple geometric ornamentation.
 The George Robbins House is a historic First Period house at 523 Curve Street in Carlisle Massachusetts. Although construction of the oldest portions of this house generally ascribed to George Robbins in c. 1660-70 stylistic analysis of its construction methods places its date of construction to c. 1700.
 The Bismarck Civic Auditorium on N. 6th St. in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1914. It includes work by Arthur W. Van Horn. It has also been known as City Auditorium. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.It was a major work of Bismarck architect Arthur Wesley Van Horn (1860-1931). Preliminary design work was done by architects Reed and Stem of St. Paul Minnesota.
 Fort Tompkins Quadrangle also known as Fort Tompkins is a fort on Staten Island in the U.S. state of New York perhaps within what is now Fort Wadsworth or otherwise associated with Building 137 of Fort Wadsworth. It was constructed in 1860. The site was first fortified with a 1663 blockhouse and then during the Revolutionary War as the American redoubt Flagstaff Fort (1776) taken by the British it was enlarged and used to 1783. NYS started a masonry fort in 1807 - 1812.
 The Springer Building at 121 Tijeras Ave. NE in Albuquerque New Mexico was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by architect George M. Williamson.
 Casa Oppenheimer (English: Oppenheimer House) is a historic house in Ponce Puerto Rico designed in 1913 by famed Puerto Rican architect by Alfredo B. Wiechers. The house is unique amongst other historic structures in historic Ponce for its skillful incorporation of front gardens in a very limited urban space. The historic building is located at 47 Salud Street in the city's historic district at the northwest corner of Salud and Aurora streets.
 Moser Farm also known as The Mennonite Heritage Farm or Adirondack Mennonite Heritage Farm is a historic farm complex located near Kirschnerville in Lewis County New York. The complex consists of Moser family dwelling and a compact grouping of a granary and two English barns. The frame dwelling was built in 1845 and consists of a 2-story three-bay block and four-bay 1 1⁄2-story ell. It was used for Mennonite worship services in the 19th century.
 Copenhagen Central Post Building (Danish: Centralpostbygningen) located on Tietgensgade just behind the Central Station in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen Denmark was originally built as a new headquarters for the Danish Post and Telegraph Company and now houses Post Danmark.The building was designed in Neo-Baroque style by Heinrich Wenck who also designed the Central Station and completed in 1912.
 Witter House is a historic house on Chaplin Street in Chaplin Connecticut.It was built in 1820 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Červená Lhota is a château situated about 20 km north-west of Jindřichův Hradec in south Bohemia Czech Republic. It stands at the middle of a lake on a rocky island. Its picturesque Renaissance building is a destination of thousands of tourists every year. Its name Červená Lhota meaning red lhota can be explained by the colour of the château's bright-red roof tiles. There is also a park where the Chapel of Holly Trinity (Czech: Nejsvětější Trojice) is located.
 The A.W. Patterson House is a historic house in Muskogee Oklahoma. Located at the intersection of 14th Street and West Okmulgee it is situated at the crest of a hill near the western edge of the downtown Muskogee neighborhood. It was built in 1906 before Oklahoma achieved statehood in 1907.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of Quito (Spanish: Catedral Metropolitana de Quito) known simply as la Catedral is the Catholic cathedral in Quito Ecuador. Located on the southwestern side of the Plaza de la Independencia (La Plaza Grande) it (and its predecessor building) served as a seat of the Diocese of Quito from 1545 until 1848 when it was elevated to Archdiocese. In 1995 it was elevated to the Cathedral of Ecuador making it the seniormost Catholic church in the country.
 The former Protestant church of Eastermar was a church that stood in It Heechsân Eastermar Netherlands. It was demolished in 1868. Today only the medieval tower from the 13th century remains. The church is located far out of the center of the village on the Torenlaan 11 and is surrounded by a graveyard. Next to the tower stands a grave diggers building.The mechanical clockwork in the tower was made by the Gebr. van Bergen from Midwolda Groningen in 1924.
 The LeDoux/Healey House is located on Deer Hill Road in Cornwall on Hudson New York United States. It was built around 1890 for a daughter of Lyman Abbott who was a summer resident of the area. It is considered a good example of the Shingle style and was renovated and expanded by later owners. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house is situated near the top of Deer Hill a wooded area that is the highest point in the village.
 The Scott County Home one mile south of Scottsburg Indiana was built in 1872 to replace the previous County Home located in Lexington Indiana. Also known as the Poor Farm the County Home was originally a frame house but was replaced with the current brick structure in 1892. The County Home was used to house the poor indigent and physically and mentally handicapped. In 1973 the Home was no longer in use though various agencies maintained offices there.
 The University hospitals of the Ruhr University of Bochum German Universitätsklinikum der Ruhr-Universität Bochum abbreviated UK RUB is a syndicate of six university hospitals and associated facilities of the Ruhr University of Bochum. Founded in 2008 by the merger of formally independent hospitals the UK RUB is now a major provider of health in the Ruhr Metropolitan Region treating over 400 000 patients per year with a strong commitment to research and teaching.
 Christopher Rhodes House is an historic house at 25 Post Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1971.
 Macy's Herald Square originally known as the R. H. Macy and Company Store is the flagship of Macy's department stores located on Herald Square in Manhattan New York City. The building's 2.2 million square feet (almost 205000 square meters) made it the world's largest department store from 1924 until 2009 when the South Korean chain Shinsegae opened a store of nearly 3.16 million square feet (293905 square meters) in Busan.
 Bent's Old Fort (sometimes referred to as Fort William) is an 1833 fort located in Otero County in southeastern Colorado USA. William and Charles Bent along with Ceran St. Vrain built the fort to trade with Southern Cheyenne and Arapaho Plains Indians and trappers for buffalo robes. For much of its 16-year history the fort was the only major permanent settlement on the Santa Fe Trail between Missouri and the Mexican settlements.
 Christ Church is an Episcopal church located at 22-26 N. 2nd Street between Market and Arch Streets in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. As the first Protestant Episcopal church in the United States Christ Church is the birthplace of the American Episcopal Church.
 The Riverside International Automotive Museum or RIAM is a non-profit corporation located in Riverside California dedicated to; Preserving the memory of California's rich motorsports heritage.
 For other temples by similar names see Zenrin-ji.Eikan-dō Zenrin-ji (永観堂禅林寺) is the head temple for the Seizan branch of Japan's Jōdo-shū (Pure Land) Buddhist sect located in Kyoto Sakyō-ku. It was founded by Shinshō a pupil of Kūkai and is famous for its fall foliage and for its prominence in the past as a center of learning.
 The White Memorial Building is a Gothic-style building prominently located on the main downtown street of Syracuse New York. It was designed by Joseph Lyman Silsbee.It is built primarily of Ohio sandstone blocks and red brick plus Onondaga limestone along the base. Lines of cement were black and there are occasional lines of black brick providing sharp dissimilatudes which are yet exceedingly pleasant to the eye according to an 1876 review.
 Nettlecombe Court and park is an old estate on the northern fringes of the Brendon Hills within the Exmoor National Park. They are within the civil parish of Nettlecombe named after the house and are approximately 3.6 miles (5.8 km) from the village of Williton in the English county of Somerset.
 The Ertuğrul Tekke Mosque (Turkish: Ertuğrul Tekke Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in Yıldız neighbourhood Serencebey rise of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul Turkey. A late Ottoman period mosque it is constructed as a külliye consisting of a tekke guest house türbe fountain and library in addition to the mosque.
 The Bidwell House Museum is a historic house and museum on Art School Road in Monterey Massachusetts.
 The Archbold Biological Station (ABS) is a research institute with a surrounding 5192.63-acre (21 km2) estate near Lake Placid Florida USA. It includes an extensive area of Florida scrub a scientifically interesting and highly threatened ecosystem. It was established in 1941 by Richard Archbold when his sponsorship of zoological research in New Guinea was curtailed by the outbreak of the Second World War in the Pacific region.
 Kōzō-ji (高蔵寺) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Kisarazu in Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple is also known as the Takazō Kannon. Kiyomizu-dera is the 30th temple in the Bandō Sanjūsankasho the circuit of 33 Buddhist temples in Eastern Japan sacred to the Bodhisattva Kannon. Amulets issued by the temple are highly valued throughout Japan.
 For the current Cardiff Bay Visitor Centre see Wales Millennium CentreCardiff Bay Visitor Centre (known informally as 'the Tube') was a piece of modern architecture designed by the architect Wil Alsop for Cardiff Bay Wales in 1990. It was finally dismantled in 2010. A panel of architectural experts has said the building single-handedly put Cardiff on the architectural map.
 Renaissance Kota Bharu Hotel is the first international five star hotel in Kota Bharu the state capital of Kelantan Malaysia. It opened in 2000 and operated by Marriott International. The hotel is located in the Kota Sri Mutiara complex that integrates a shopping centre and an upscale apartment together with the hotel.
 The Kidder-Sargent-McCrehan House also known as the Kidder-Sargent House is an historic house at 146 Rindge Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1792 by Nathaniel Kidder and is one of the oldest and least-altered buildings of the period in northwest Cambridge and the only one on its original site. The house follows a typical Georgian center-chimney plan with two rooms on either side of the chimney on each floor.
 The Franklin County Courthouse located in Courthouse Square on Main Street in Ottawa is the seat of government of Franklin County Kansas. The courthouse was built from 1892 to 1892; while Ottawa had been the county seat since 1864 it lacked a permanent courthouse prior to then. Architect George P. Washburn designed the courthouse in the Romanesque Revival style; the red brick courthouse is considered one of Washburn's most outstanding works.
 Morgan James Homestead is a historic home located at New Britain Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original Federal period house was built about 1783 and consists of a two-story fieldstone main house with a one-story rear addition. The rear addition contains a kitchen and smokehouse. A three-story stuccoed stone addition with a gable roof was built about 1840. Also on the property is a large Pennsylvania bank barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Parkhurst Memorial Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Elkland Tioga County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a two-story brick church structure in a Late Victorian Romanesque style. It features a central tower at the entrance with belfry and tall steeple.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The Château de Chareil-Cintrat also known as the Château du Bas-Chareil is a late medieval château in France. It is located near Chareil-Cintrat in the Allier department Auvergne.The château was built at the end of the Middle Ages by the Chareil family. In the early 16th century it was the home of Claude Morin contrôleur ordinaire des guerres who commissioned the Renaissance interior decorations after returning from military campaigns during the Italian Wars.
 The Clement Weaver-Daniel Howland House is a historic stone-ender timber frame house built in 1679. This rare example of primitive 17th-century architecture is located at 125 Howland Road in East Greenwich Rhode Island. It is the oldest documented dwelling house in Kent County Rhode Island and the second oldest home in Rhode Island.Clement Weaver a native of Newport Rhode Island built the house in 1679 after fighting in King Philip's War.
 The Call-Bartlett House is a historic house at 216 Pleasant Street in Arlington Massachusetts. Built in 1855 this 2.5 story wood frame house is an excellent local example of Greek Revival styling with a full-height two story portico on its east facade (which faces Spot Pond).
 Pentillie is a grade II* listed country house and estate located on the banks of the River Tamar in Pillaton near to St Mellion in Cornwall England in the United Kingdom. The nearby village of St Dominick at one time belonged to the estate.
 The Covington House also known as the Schendel House is an historic building located at 328 Cortez Street in Tallahassee Florida. Built in 1927 it was designed by noted architect William Augustus Edwards.On September 7 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Drum Barracks also known as Camp Drum and the Drum Barracks Civil War Museum is the last remaining original American Civil War era military facility in the Los Angeles area. Located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles near the Port of Los Angeles it has been designated as a California Historic Landmark a Los Angeles Historic Cultural Monument and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Foss and Wells House is an Italianate house built with local sandstone in 1858. It is located in Jordan Minnesota United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Foss and Wells operated a nearby flour and gristmill.
 Hotel Arthur also commonly known as the Traction Terminal Building is a historic six-story building in Aurora Illinois. It was originally designed as a hotel to service travelers on the Fox River. The Aurora Elgin and Chicago Railroad relocated their headquarters here in 1915 and the building became the final station on the Aurora branch.
 The Arlington Apartments or The Arlington was the first apartment building to open in Edmonton Canada in 1909. The 49 suite five-storey redbrick building stood at 100 Avenue and 106 Street until 2005 when it was destroyed by fire. The building was a prime example of Edmonton's pre-Great War building boom that managed to survive into the 21st century.The building was financed by a consortium of local business leaders who formed the Arlington Apartment Company.
 Goff Farm is a historic farmhouse at 157 Perryville Road in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983 where it is listed at 158 Perryville Road.
 The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building ( is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland Ohio. It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower Federal Court House Tower and the Stokes Tower). The 23-story building is 430 feet (130 m) tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue.The tower is named after Carl Stokes the 51st mayor of Cleveland and the first African American mayor of a major city.
 The J. C. Penney Company Building in Shoshone Idaho United States is a historic department store building. It was built in 1918 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa.The building was identified in a Thematic Resource study Lava Rock Structures in South Central Idaho thematic group and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Woodward & Lothrop Service Warehouse is a historic warehouse located in the NoMa neighborhood of Washington D.C. It was designated a District of Columbia Historic Landmark in 1993 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The building is visible from the NoMa – Gallaudet University Metro station.
 The Agricultural Museum is a museum in Cairo Egypt.
 Albert E. and Emily Wilson House is a historic home located at Mamaroneck Westchester County New York. It was built between 1949 and 1951 and is a U shaped one story Colonial Revival style red brick residence with a low-pitched gray slate gable roof. The office wing was added in 1953. The entry features a Dutch door flanked by small steel casement windows. It was designed by and the home of local architect Albert E.
 Tara was the name given to a villa in Gezira Island Cairo made famous by its inhabitants during World War II. The group of Special Operations Executive agents who lived there together with Countess Zofia (Sophie) Tarnowska turned the villa into a centre of high spirited living.First found in 1943 by Captain W. Stanley Moss a British officer in the Special Operations Executive it was a spacious villa with a great ballroom with parquet floors which four or five people might share.
 The Andover Village Industrial District encompasses one of the 19th century industrial mill villages of Andover Massachusetts known locally as The Village. The growth of this village contributed to the decision in the 19th century to separate the more rural area of North Andover from the town. It is centered on a stretch of the Shawsheen River between North Main Street on the east and Moraine Street on the west.
 Prince George County Courthouse Historic District is a county courthouse complex and national historic district located at Prince George Prince George County Virginia. The district includes 11 contributing buildings and 3 contributing objects. They include the 1883 courthouse 1900 clerk's office the jail dated to about 1900 and three mid 20th century Colonial Revival-style office buildings.
 The Perry Hall Mansion is a historic structure located in the area to which it gave its name Perry Hall Baltimore County Maryland United States. Erected on a hill above the Gunpowder River Valley the mansion is an excellent example of late colonial and early 19th century life in eastern Baltimore County.
 Alhambra Theatorium (also known as The Alhambra Theater) is a historic movie theater in the Haynies Corner Arts District of Evansville Indiana. It was designed by Frank J. Schlotter and opened on September 27 1913 as a movie theater. The Alhambra was one of many influenced by the Alhambra Palace in Spain. Although Alhambra theatres opened all over the world only a traditional playhouse built in New York in 1905 predates Evansville's in the United States.
 Substation #401 is a historic New York City Subway substation located in East New York Brooklyn New York New York on Fulton Street on the BMT Jamaica Line east of its Cleveland Street station. It was built in 1901 and is a Beaux Arts style structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Holy See of Cilicia (officially known as the Armenian Catholicosate of the Great House of Cilicia (Armenian: Կաթողիկոսութիւն Հայոց Մեծի Տանն Կիլիկիոյ) is one of two sees of the Armenian Apostolic Church. Since 1930 the Catholicosate of the Holy See of Cilicia has been headquartered in Antelias Lebanon. Aram I has been Catholicos of Cilicia of the Armenian Apostolic Church since 1995.
 Château de Fénelon is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. The château's exterior served as the home of Danielle de Barbarac (Drew Barrymore) in the 1998 film Ever After.The information above is incorrect. The chateau de la roussie was used in the movie as the home of Danielle De Barbarac.
 Grace Evangelical Church of Vader (also known as Grace United Methodist Church of Vader) is a historic Methodist church at 618 D Street in Vader Washington.The Gothic style building was constructed in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Catholic Erfurt Cathedral is a 1200-year-old church located on Cathedral Hill of Erfurt in Thuringia Germany. It is of an International Gothic style and is also known as St Mary's Cathedral and is located uniquely on a hillside.It is the episcopal see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt.
 Fort Pickens is a pentagonal historic United States military fort on Santa Rosa Island in the Pensacola Florida area. It is named after American Revolutionary War hero Andrew Pickens. The fort was completed in 1834 and remained in use until 1947. Fort Pickens is currently part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore and as such is administered by the National Park Service.
 The Radomyshl Synagogue located in Radomyshl Ukraine was burnt down in 1921.
 Bay Central is a complex of three towers in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Bay Central 1 and Bay Central 3 stand at a height of 42 floors. Bay Central 2 consists of 50 floors. The three towers completed in 2013.
 The Canyon Falls Bridge is a bridge located on US Highway 41 (US 41) over the Sturgeon River in L'Anse Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Convent of São Boaventura (Portuguese: Convento de São Boaventura) Convent of Saint Bonaventure popularly referred to it as the Church São Francisco (Church of Saint Francis of Assissi) is located in the civil parish of Santa Cruz in the municipality of the same name in the Portuguese archipelago of the Açores.
 Jennings-Marvin House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a 2-story three-bay frame Queen Anne–style structure with Colonial Revival and Shingle style detailing. The most notable feature is the 2 1⁄2-story octagonal tower with its wooden shingle sheathing and oval windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Spring Hill Presbyterian Church (The New School Presbyterian Church at Spring Hill) is a historic church on S. Main Street in Spring Hill Tennessee.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Walkersville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near Walkersville Lewis County West Virginia. It was built in 1903 and is a Queen post truss bridge measuring 12 feet 1 1/2 inches wide and 39 feet 4 inches long. It has red board-and-batten siding and a standing seam metal roof. It was built to span the right fork of the West Fork River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Townsend House is a historic house at 290 Paine Hollow Road in Wellfleet Massachusetts. The 1.5 story full Cape style wood frame house was built in 1804 probably by Doctor James Townsend whose descendants owned the house well into the 20th century. The most notable resident was Samuel Campbell an English engineer who worked with Guglielmo Marconi on the transatlantic wireless facilities in Wellfleet.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Granville D. Jones House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception Church also known as St. Mary's of Morges (pronounced MOHR-jez)) is a Roman Catholic church located in the unincorporated community of Morges in Rose Township Carroll County Ohio United States. A part of the Diocese of Steubenville it was founded in 1834 and re-established in 1948; its current building was built in 1851 and renovated in 1979.The church is built of brick with a stone foundation.
 The Museo Lamborghini (sometimes translated as the Lamborghini Museum) is an automobile museum owned and operated by Automobili Lamborghini S.p.A. in Sant'Agata Bolognese Emilia-Romagna Italy.Opened in 2001 the museum is attached to the Lamborghini factory and covers the history of Lamborghini cars and SUVs.
 St Peter's Church East Bridgford is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in East Bridgford.
 Moe Church (Norwegian: Moe kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in Vormstad about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of Orkanger. The church is located in the Orkdal parish which is part of the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The original church was built in 1675 in nearby Svorkmo and that church existed until 1816 when it was moved to nearby Smedshaugen.
 The Sergeant Floyd Monument is a monument on the Missouri River at Floyd's Bluff in Sioux City Iowa USA. The monument honors Charles Floyd a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition who died on the upstream voyage in 1804 and was buried here.The monument is the first designated National Historic Landmark of the United States.Charles Floyd (1782 – 1804) was a United States explorer a non-commissioned officer and quartermaster in the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
 Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Inguanzo) is a Roman Catholic church in Asturias Spain. Its steeple has been closed to the public since recent years due to collapse fears. It is a small church however it is greatly attended during festivities by both locals and foreigners.
 Hotel Row is a both National Register and locally listed historic district consisting of one block of early 20th-century commercial buildings three to four stories high located on Mitchell Street west of Forsyth Street in the South Downtown district of Atlanta. The building were originally hotels built to serve the needs of passengers from Terminal Station opened in 1905.
 Horace and Grace Bush House also known as Bush-Fellows Residence is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It is an 1821 Federal style structure with Greek Revival period additions and embellishments. The main block is a two story five bay post and beam structure sheathed in clapboard. It is regular and symmetrical in massing and plan. The house was moved to its current location in 1931.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Harris Bridge located near Wren Oregon is a covered bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Margat also known as Marqab from the Arabic Qalaat al-Marqab (قلعة المرقب Castle of the Watchtower) is a castle near Baniyas Syria which was a Crusader fortress and one of the major strongholds of the Knights Hospitaller. It is located around 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the Mediterranean coast and approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Baniyas. The castle remained in a poor state of preservation until 2007 when some reconstruction and renovation began.
 The Elvira Drew Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 42 Abbott Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1904 it represents part of a trend of building the form traditionally associated with working-class housing into the fashionable west side of the city. When the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 exterior Colonial Revival details were highlighted including brackets in the eaves and porch columns that were Tuscan columns.
 Corselitze or Korselitse is a manor house on the island of Falster in the south-east of Denmark. The Neoclassical house was built in 1777 by Johan Frederik Classen who at the time of his death founded Det Classenske Fideicommis which owns the estate today.
 Pittsboro Presbyterian Church is a historic church on N. East Street in Pittsboro North Carolina.It was built in 1850 and added to the national Register in 1978.
 Mecklenburg's Garden is a historic restaurant in the Corryville neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Its Italianate building perhaps constructed as a house was built in about 1865 but it was converted into a restaurant by 1870. In its earliest years as a restaurant it was run by John Neeb who sold it to one of his employees in 1886.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Spirit is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bismarck in Bismarck North Dakota.The cathedral structure was completed in 1945 and renovated from 1992 to 1993.
 The First Presbyterian Church is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Construction began in 1886 and was completed in 1890. The building includes stained-glass windows made by Portland's Povey Brothers Studio.
 The United States Army Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located on Fort Rucker near Ozark Alabama. It has the largest collection of helicopters held by a museum in the world. The museum features some 50 aircraft on public display with aviation artifacts ranging from a replica of the Wright brothers' Model B military biplane to an AH-64 Apache from Operation Desert Storm. The museum has over 160 aircraft in its collection and holds 3000 historical items.
 St. James-Bond United Church 1066 Avenue Road Toronto Ontario was a United Church of Canada Congregation from 1928 to 2005 when it merged with Fairlawn Heights United Church (now Fairlawn Avenue United Church) in the Yonge Street and Lawrence Avenue area. Prior to the 1928 merger these were downtown congregations of the Presbyterian and Congregational traditions. The St. James-Bond building was vacated on February 28 2006.
 The Chamberlain-Pennell House also known as Hill of Skye is a historic home located at Chester Heights Delaware County Pennsylvania. The building was built about 1722 and modernized in the mid-19th century. The 2 1/2-story brick house in configured in a hall passage parlor plan. A 1 1/2-story kitchen wing was added to the west side sometime before 1798.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 27 1977.
 The Franklin B. Jenkins House is a historic house at 37 Chestnut Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1895 it is one of Stoneham's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. The 2.5 story wood frame house has an L shape with a distinctive octagonal turret section at the crook of the L.
 Bruce—Briggs Brick Block is a historic rowhouse block located at Lancaster in Erie County New York. It is a mid-19th century brick structure unique in Western New York which incorporates both Greek Revival and Italianate style decorative details. The rowhouses were built for George Bruce one of the early settlers of Lancaster.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Cathedral of the Holy Mother of God (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստվածածին վանք or Արաբկիրի մայր եկեղեցի; Turkish: Arapkir Ana Kilisesi) was a 13th-century Armenian Apostolic cathedral in Arapgir Turkey.The Cathedral of Arapgir named Holy Mother of God was built in the 13th century. It was one of the biggest churches in Western Armenia. It was able to house 3000 people. The cathedral was attacked and looted and burnt in 1915 during the Armenian Genocide.
 The Building at 42 Edward J. Lopez Avenue is a rare Federal period house in East Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame building has a hip roof and very simple styling. It was moved to its present location c. 1900 probably as part of construction work in the area. The nature of the terrain in the area at that time means it cannot have been moved very far.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Farina Fragrance Museum is situated across from Cologne City Hall and near the famous Wallraf-Richartz-Museum in the Obenmarspforten in Innenstadt Cologne. Founded in 1709 John Maria Farina opposite the Jülichs Place is the eldest fragrance factory still standing and houses the registered office since 1723.Over several floors the museum provides a very detailed insight into the production methods of perfume throughout the various stages.
 The Toof Building is a commercial brick structure with exterior terra cotta elements built in the architectural style of the Chicago School. It is located on Madison Ave in downtown Memphis Tennessee adjacent to AutoZone Park a minor league baseball stadium.Architect G. M. Shaw designed the structure for S. C. Toof & Co. the oldest printing company in Memphis it was built in 1913 to serve as a production and administrative facility for the company.
 AMRI Hospitals is a private hospital chain owned by the Emami & Shrachi group. The company's head office is in Kolkata West Bengal with 6 branches in West Bengal in India and 6 branches in Bangladesh.
 Industrial Building is a historic factory building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a large seven story industrial-style structure built in 1912 and designed by Baltimore architect Theodore Wells Pietsch. It features an E plan reinforced concrete and steel-frame construction and large pivoted-sash windows. The front façade is characterized by a symmetrical window arrangement and a large 2-story round-arched entranceway.
 The Fall River Pass Ranger Station in Rocky Mountain National Park was designed by National Park Service landscape architect Daniel Ray Hull in the National Park Service Rustic style. Built in 1922 the stone structure is similar in design to the Chasm Lake Shelter. Between 1933 and 1937 the ranger station was converted to a museum. The ranger station is associated with the construction of the nearby Trail Ridge Road.
 Savoyard Centre (1900) also known as State Savings Bank is an office building at 151 West Fort Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1981 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Another historic marker erected November 13 1964 also notes that the site was previously occupied by Fort Lernoult.
 The Kilmorey Mausoleum in St Margarets in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames is a Grade II* listed mausoleum in the style of an ancient Egyptian monument and has been described as a fine example of an Egyptian-style mausoleum with an unusually good interior.
 Bentonsport is a 35-acre (14 ha) historic district in Van Buren County Iowa in the area of Keosauqua Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It dates from 1839.
 The Gadsden Mall is a regional 502591-square-foot (46692.2 m2) shopping mall on U.S. Route 411 (Rainbow Drive) in Gadsden Alabama. Located at the interchange of Interstate 759 and U.S. Route 411 it is in the southern section of the city. It is anchored by Belk JCPenney and Sears.
 Warren United Methodist Church and Parsonage are an historic Methodist church and house at 27 Church Street in Warren Rhode Island United States. The congregation First Methodist Church started in 1789 under the Rev. Daniel Smith and the current building was constructed in 1844. It is currently still a functioning church. In 1971 the building along with the parsonage was added to the National Register of Historic Places as building #71000012.
 Holy Trinity Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox cathedral in Charlotte North Carolina The Cathedral is the only Eastern Orthodox Cathedral in the state of North Carolina and the mother church of Greek Orthodoxy in North Carolina. Holy Trinity Cathedral is within the jurisdiction of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America led by Demetrios of America and the Greek Orthodox Diocese of Atlanta led by Alexios of Atlanta.
 L'Ortolan is a gourmet restaurant in the village of Shinfield 6 km (4 mi) south of the centre of Reading Berkshire England. It is located in the village's old vicarage building. The restaurant has one star in the Michelin Guide and 3 AA rosettes Run by John Burton Race for 13 years the restaurant was purchased by IT entrepreneur Peter Newman in 2000 who appointed Alan Murchison as head chef. Alan left in 2003 and Daniel Galmiche took over for a year.
 The Central Synagogue of Aleppo (Hebrew: בית הכנסת המרכזי בחאלֶ‏בּ‏‎) also known as the Great Synagogue of Aleppo Joab's Synagogue or Al-Bandara Synagogue has been a Jewish place of worship since the 5th century C.E. When it functioned it was considered the main synagogue of the Syrian Jewish community. The synagogue is noted as being the location where the Aleppo codex was housed for over five hundred years until it was burned by Arabs in a pogrom against the Jews in 1947.
 The Jastro Building also known as the Standard Oil Building is a historic office building in Bakersfield California. The structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on September 22 1983.
 Bethel Chapel AME Church is a historic church at the junction of 6th and Tennessee Streets in Louisiana Missouri.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 The David A. Zegeer Coal-Railroad Museum is local history museum located at 102 Main Street in Jenkins Kentucky across from the former Jenkins High School. The museum was dedicated on May 9 1998.The museum is housed in an authentically restored 1911 train station which it shares with a bank. Included in the museum's collection are photographs of historic and modern coal mining actual tools and other artifacts used by the railroads and mines and scrip formerly used in the company stores.
 300 North LaSalle is a 60-story mixed-use building constructed from 2006 to 2009 located on the north bank of the Chicago River on the Near North Side community area of Chicago Illinois United States. The building contains 1.3 million square feet (121770 square meters) of space to include offices retail shops restaurants and public spaces as well as three levels of underground parking.
 The Château de Puybardeau is a château or country house in Lignerolles a small town and commune in the Indre département of France.It was built in the 19th century by the de Maussabré family. It was used by the French Resistance during World War II.
 The Museo Torres García is located in the historic Ciudad Vieja (Old Town) of Montevideo where unusual portraits of historical icons and cubist paintings akin to Picasso's paintings painted by Joaquín Torres García are exhibited.
 The St. Paul Women's City Club is a 1931 Art Deco Streamline Moderne-style Mankato limestone clubhouse which provided a dining room assembly rooms dressing rooms and bedrooms for members and guests of the club in Saint Paul Minnesota.
 St. Mary's Orthodox Church originally known as Nativity of the Most Holy Mother of God Russian Orthodox Church is a historic church of the American Carpatho-Russian Orthodox Diocese located at the intersection of West Park and Holland Avenues in Westover Monongalia County West Virginia. It was also known as St. Michael the Archangel Church and St.
 First Methodist Church is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 6 1980.
 ALYN Hospital (Hebrew: בית חולים אלין‎) is a comprehensive rehabilitation center for physically challenged and disabled children adolescents and young adults. Located in Jerusalem Israel ALYN is a private nonprofit facility and treats all patients regardless of religious belief nationality or ethnic background.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 636 Kirkwood Boulevard in Davenport Iowa United States is an historic structure that on July 27 1984 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the Harvest Time Family Worship Center. First Church now meets at 3705 Fairhaven Road.
 The Chiesa di Santa Rita da Cascia in Campitelli is a deconsecrated church in Rome (Italy) in the rione Sant'Angelo; it is located in Via Montanara at the crossroad with Via del Teatro Marcello. The church formerly rose on the preexisting Chiesa di San Biagio de Mercato whose remains were discovered during the demolition of the church of Santa Rita.
 The John Seward House in Franklin Tennessee was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Seward Hall.It includes Greek Revival and Central passage plan architecture.It's a brick residence.Like the Thomas Holt House and the James Sayers House also NRHP-listed it has a main entrance with Greek Revival details including a two-story portico.
 Heisey House was the first brick dwelling in Lock Haven county seat of Clinton County a city built along the West Branch Canal in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Constructed about 1831 the building served as a tavern and inn in its early days and the town's founder Jeremiah Church boarded there.Heisey House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Building of Slovak radio is a building in Bratislava.It is shaped like an inverted pyramid. Architects of this project were Štefan Svetko Štefan Ďurkovič and Barnabáš Kissling and it was completed in 1983. The building is 80 metres high and has a concert hall with a large concert organ. The first test broadcast was made in 1984 and regular broadcasting began on 27 March 1985.
 The Old City Hall at Gammeltorv Aalborg Denmark was built in 1762 and served as city hall until 1912. It is located at Gammeltorv and is now only used for ceremonial and representative purposes.
 The Old Davidson County Courthouse in Lexington North Carolina was built in 1858. The courthouse was built in the Greek Revival architecture style.
 Büyük Selimiye Mosque (Turkish: Büyük Selimiye Camii) often known simply as Selimiye Mosque is situated in the district of Üsküdar in İstanbul Turkey right across the Selimiye Barracks. The mosque was commissioned by Ottoman Sultan Selim III (reigned 1789–1807) and completed in 1801 however its main architect is unknown.Büyük Selimiye Mosque has a western style a wide courtyard and four entrance doors.
 K B Bhabha Hospital (popularly known as Bhabha Hospital) is a public hospital in Bandra (west) in Mumbai India. It was established by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai.Bhabha Hospital is one of the hospitals in the city where a huge number of accident or disaster victims turn up. It is behind Globus mall on Waterfield Road Bandra.
 Prittlewell Priory is a medieval priory in the Prittlewell area of Southend Essex England. It was founded in the 12th century by monks from the Cluniac Priory of St Pancras and passed into private hands at the time of the dissolution of the monasteries under Henry VIII. The last private owner R A Jones gave the priory and the grounds to the local council. The grounds now form a public park Priory Park and the Grade I listed building is open to the public.
 St Nicholas' Church Gloucester is a redundant Anglican church in Westgate Street in the city of Gloucester England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Its truncated spire is a landmark in the city centre.
 St. John the Baptist Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Beloit Kansas United States. The church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Architect Joseph Marshall of Topeka Kansas drew the church plan and design closely based on the cruciform basilica in a mix of Romanesque and Gothic styles that occur often in Germany and the area of Alsace-Lorraine.
 The Boston and Providence Railroad Bridge in East Providence is a railroad bridge on the Boston and Providence Railroad spanning Ten Mile River. A portion of the bridge also spans Roger Williams Avenue. The bridge became part of the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Jose V. Toledo Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a historic post office and courthouse located at Old San Juan Puerto Rico. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. It is also the site for oral argument before the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit when that court sits in Puerto Rico.
 Saint Nikolai Cathedral (Russian: Николаевский собор Armenian: Նիկոլաևյան եկեղեցի) was a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Yerevan Armenia and was destroyed in 1931. It was located at the site of what is now Shahumyan Square in Yerevan's Kentron District.
 City Point (formerly known as Oyster Point) is an area in what is now The Hill neighborhood of the city of New Haven Connecticut located in the southwestern portion of the city. The City Point area was when settled and through the 18th century a relatively narrow peninsula extending south into New Haven Harbor located where the West River empties into the harbor.
 The House at 19 Tremont Street is the smallest extant 19th century worker's cottage in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1850 it is stylistically vernacular except for an entry with sidelights typical of the Greek Revival period. It is the best surviving example of what was once a row of worker cottages that lined Tremont Street.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Engineers House (grid reference ST565735) is a historic building previously known as Camp House on The Promenade Clifton Down Bristol England.It was built in 1831 by Charles Dyer for Charles Pinney who was mayor of Bristol during the Reform Bill riots of 1831. It is now used as offices.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 The Rufer House was designed by architect Adolf Loos (Adolf Franz Karl Viktor Maria Loos) in 1922 for Joseph and Marie Rufer. It is considered to be the first example of the new style of Raumplan. Raumplan was very different from its predecessor Free Plan in its internal spatial organization. While not as well known as some of other of Loos’ houses this set the precedent for his later designs.
 The Synagogue Shomré Hadas commonly known as the Hollandse Synagoge (English: Dutch Synagogue). is a modern orthodox synagogue built in Antwerp Belgium. The building is so named because it was commissioned by descendants of Jews who came to Antwerp from the Netherlands in the early 19th century. It was the first large synagogue in Antwerp.[citation needed] Today the synagogue is used for services only on Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur.
 La Cite de l'Énergie is a theme park based on local industrial history and located in Shawinigan Quebec Canada.
 Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港文華東方酒店) is a five-star hotel located on Connaught Road in Central Hong Kong owned and managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. The hotel opened its doors in 1963 as “The Mandarin” and quickly drew recognition for its service and elegance. In 1967 after four years of operation The Mandarin was listed by Fortune magazine alongside the Ritz in Paris the Grand in Rome and the Connaught in London as one of the eleven great hotels in the world.
 The Olmsted-Hixon-Albion Block is a historic commercial block at 1645-1659 Main Street in the South End of downtown Springfield Massachusetts. The building is actually three separate buildings that were conjoined by internal connections in 1929. The Olmsted Block (1645-1649 Main Street) was built in 1875 by John C. Olmsted a leading businessman and banker in the city and used as an office building.
 Turner-White Casket Co. Building was a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was a six-story loft building constructed in 1893 in the Romanesque style. Its façade organization and detailing featured brick stone and cast iron elements. It was two bays wide and six stories high with a full basement. It was constructed as a factory with street level display rooms that was rehabilitated in the 1990s. The Turner-White Casket Co.
 Camp Paxson Boy Scout Camp located on the western shore of Seeley Lake Lolo National Forest Montana is on the National Register of Historic Places. It started out as a summer camp for the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) and is named in honor of Montana western painter Edgar Samuel Paxson.
 The Fowler Swimming Pool and Bathhouse located at 308 E. 6th in Fowler Kansas was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration a New Deal work program. It includes an oval pool and a bathhouse designed in Moderne style architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Holy Angels Church is a historic church on West Jefferson Street at Tiffin Avenue and Clinton Street in Sandusky Ohio.It was built in 1841 in a Gothic Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Royal Derby Hospital (formerly Derby City General Hospital) is one of two teaching hospitals in the city of Derby the other being the London Road Community Hospital. It is the second largest hospital in the East Midlands and is one of the largest hospitals in the UK. The two hospitals are run by Derby Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. The hospital has completed a massive rebuild doubling the size of the buildings.
 Samuel Viall House is a historic house at 85 Carpenter Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 St Chad's Church is an Anglican church in Poulton-le-Fylde a town on the Fylde coastal plain in Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Lancaster. It is designated a Grade II* listed building. A church on the site was built no later than the 11th century and may have existed prior to the Norman conquest of England.
 The Humphrey House in Reno Nevada located at 467 Ralston St. is a historic house built in 1906. Designed by Reno architect Fred Schadler it is significant architecturally and for association with Nevada governors Tasker Oddie and Emmet Boyle who were guests there.
 Osmond Memorial Church previously it was known as Wesleyan Methodist Church is a Church located at 56 S. N. Banerjee Road Taltola Kolkata West Bengal India. The Church was established by Walter Osmond a Methodist minister in 1868.
 The Castle of Abrantes (Portuguese: Fortaleza de Abrantes) overlooks the city of Abrantes in the municipality of Abrantes in the district of Santarém Ribatejo divided between the two civil parishes of São João and São Vicente.
 Connellsville Union Passenger Depot also known as the Connellsville Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Station is a historic railway station located at Connellsville Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1911 and 1912 by the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad and Western Maryland Railroad. It is a 1 1/2-story rectangular brick building measuring 109 feet by 28 feet.
 The Eastman Dental Hospital is a specialist hospital for dental treatment located in London United Kingdom and a part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
 The Sydney Opera House is a multi-venue performing arts centre in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The cellars of 21 and 22 High Street are listed buildings in the centre of Coventry in the West Midlands of England. The cellar of No 21 is a Grade II listed building while that of No 22 is Grade I listed meaning that they are sites of special architectural or historic interest. The cellars were formerly a single crypt built in the 15th century (CE). They are constructed from sandstone and measure approximately 17 x 20 feet (No 21) and 56 x 27 feet (No 22).
 The Westin Charlotte is a 293 feet (89 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 2003 and has 25 floors. It is the largest hotel in Charlotte with 700 rooms more than 44000 square feet (4000 m2) of convention space and a 16276 sq ft (1512 m2) ballroom.
 The Aldridge Hotel dates from 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 and is today used as senior citizen housing.
 Ruine Ligist is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The National Historic Trails Interpretive Center (NHTIC) is a 11000-square-foot (1000 m2) interpretive center about several of the National Historic Trails and is located northwest of Casper Wyoming on Interstate 25. It is operated through a partnership between the Bureau of Land Management the City of Casper and the National Historic Trails Center Foundation. The center offers interpretive programs exhibits multi-media presentations and special events.
 Belvidere also known as Villa Belvidere is a historic home located in Angelica near Belmont Allegany County New York. It is an outstanding example of Federal architecture built in 1804 from plans attributed to Benjamin Henry Latrobe. It was built by early settler John Barker Church former English Member of Parliament and brother in law of Alexander Hamilton through his wife Angelica Schuyler Church.
 The Spires Shopping Centre (also referred to as Barnet Spires) is a shopping centre in Barnet north London England. It is located in the centre of the town on the High Street. The Spires gained its name by incorporating the two spires of the Methodist church that had formerly stood on the site into the street-front facade of the shopping centre. It has many hallmarks of a smaller suburban shopping centre and receives around 70000 visitors per week.
 Talland Parish Church is dramatically located on the cliff-top at Talland near Looe in Cornwall is dedicated to St Tallanus and as such is unique in Britain. St Tallanus is said to be a hermit who made his home here sometime in the fifth century AD and certainly the site has been a sacred place since Celtic times.
 The Cal-Vada Lodge Hotel in Crystal Bay Nevada at the California-Nevada border at the north end of Lake Tahoe is a Bungalow/craftsman-style hotel that was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It was built originally for use by the Cal-Vada Lodge as a resort and casino.
 Shōjō-ji (勝常寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon-shu Buzan-ha sect in Yugawa Kawanuma District Fukushima Prefecture Japan.
 St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church now known as Sweet Prospect Baptist Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an 1855-1856 Italianate-influenced masonry structure that is constructed of stuccoed brick walls resting on a rubble stone foundation. It was designed by Niernsee & Neilson. The exterior features twin square towers flanking the main façade and a semi-octagonal apse flanked by one-story pavilions on the back.
 Scoville Memorial Library was established in 1803 in Salisbury Connecticut. The Library was the first in the United States open to the public free of charge.The library collection began in 1771 when Richard Smith owner of a local blast furnace used community contributions to buy 200 books in London. Patrons could borrow and return books on the third Monday of every third month.
 St Silas' Church Blackburn is located in Preston New Road Blackburn Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Gazette Building in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1908. It was designed by architect George R. Mann. Peter Hotze is also associated as a builder architect or engineer. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 W. E. Chilton II House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a neo-Georgian stone house designed by nationally known architect William Lawrence Bottomley and built in 1933 for W .E. Chilton II and his wife Nancy Ruffner Chilton.
 The Marion Forks Guard Station was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Whitcomb Inn and Farm (also known as the David and Tilly Whitcomb House and Farm and the Samuel Wheeler House and Farm) is an historic farm at 43 Old Sugar Road in Bolton Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the farmhouse which is believed to be the oldest building in Bolton is estimated to have been built c. 1708 when David Whitcomb acquired the land from his father.
 St Peter Westcheap sometimes known simply as “St Peter Cheap” was a parish church in the City of London. It stood at the south west corner of Wood Street in the ward of Farringdon Within. Parts of the parish were also in Bread Street and Cripplegate Wards Of medieval origin it was destroyed by the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 Hovenden House Barn and Abolition Hall is a collection of historic buildings located in Whitemarsh Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. They are part of the Plymouth Meeting Historic District.The original house was built about 1794 and subsequently enlarged over the years to be a 3-story 14-room stone Federal style dwelling. Abolition Hall was originally built as a carriage house. It was enclosed and enlarged with a second story in 1856.
 The Old Mill House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa. The Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 Bumrungrad International Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลบำรุงราษฎร์ [roːŋpʰájaːbaːn bamruŋrâːt] bahm-roong-RAHT; SET: BH) is a multiple-specialty medical centre located in Bangkok Thailand. More frequently referred to as Bumrungrad Hospital or simply Bumrungrad its name Bumrungrad means care for the people.[citation needed]
 The Odd Fellows Hall also known as Big Horn Odd Fellows Hall is located in Big Horn Wyoming and was built in 1894. The hall was originally used by Big Horn's chapter of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows and was later used by the Odd Fellows' sister organization the Rebekahs.
 George L. Horn School is a historic school building located in the Harrowgate neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902-1904 and is a three-story five-bay ashlar stone building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features terra cotta and granite trim and a steeply pitched gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Huaisheng Mosque also known as the Lighthouse Mosque is the main mosque of Guangzhou. Rebuilt many times over its history it is traditionally thought to have been originally built over 1300 years ago which would make it one of the oldest mosques in the world. It was named in memory of the Prophet Muhammad. The most unusual (in the Chinese context) feature of the mosque is its calling tower (minaret). The round tower is 36 meters tall with a pointed tip.
 The Athens Metro Mall is a shopping mall located very close to the Saint Dimitrios stop of the Attiko Metro on Vouliagmenis Avenue. The mall opened at 30 November 2010. The Mall consists of 5 floors 90 stores 18 restaurants 5 cinema screens a super market playground and a bank. The mall also consists of 1200 parking spaces and features a unique architectural design.
 Euromall Piteşti is a large shopping mall located in Piteşti Romania and owned by the Portuguese conglomerate Sonae. The center includes around 100 stores and a multiplex with eight screens. The complex has a floor area of 32000 square metres (344445 sq ft) and 500 parking spaces.
 The Virginia Street Bridge is a historic concrete double arch bridge in downtown Reno Nevada USA carrying Virginia Street across the Truckee River. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Macau Mosque and Cemetery (Traditional Chinese: 澳門伊斯蘭清真寺及墳場; Portuguese: Mesquita e Cemitério de Macau) is the only mosque and Muslim cemetery in Macau China.
 The Met 2 Financial Center (officially the Wells Fargo Center) is part of the Metropolitan Miami complex of four skyscrapers in the central business district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. It was completed in early 2010.Met 2 is actually two buildings built adjacent to each other that are connected at the bottom using the same parking garage.
 Church of the Advent Episcopal is a historic church at 122 N. Walnut Street in Cynthiana Kentucky.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Havøysund Church (Norwegian: Havøysund kirke) is the main parish church in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Havøysund on the island of Havøya. The church is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. Like most other churches in Finnmark Havøysund church was burned down by the Germans during the evacuation of Finnmark in 1944.
 Château du Plessis-Bourré is a château in the Loire Valley in France situated in the commune of Écuillé in the Maine-et-Loire department. Built in less than 5 years from 1468 to 1472 by Finance Minister Jean Bourré the principal advisor to King Louis XI. The château has not been modified externally since its construction and still has a fully working drawbridge.
 The Gallatin County High School was a high school in Bozeman Montana that was designed by Fred F. Willson and was built in 1902. It later was renamed Willson School when it was converted to a middle school.It includes Classical Revival Art Deco and Romanesque architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St James' Church Great Ormside is in the village of Great Ormside Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Lawrence Appleby St John the Baptist Murton St Peter Great Asby St Cuthbert Dufton and St Margaret and St James Long Marton to form the Heart of Eden benefice. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site located in Danville California preserves Tao House the Monterey Colonial hillside home of America's only Nobel Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill.
 Meridian Mansions also known as The Envoy is an historic structure located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. A.H. Sonnemann was the architect for what was considered the city’s finest apartment hotel when it opened in 1918. The building has been home to members of Congress and diplomats over the years. The lobby contains marble columns and elaborate ornamental molding.
 Pondok Indah Mall (PIM; Indonesian: Mal Pondok Indah) is a large shopping complex located in wealthy Pondok Indah suburb of South Jakarta Indonesia.
 Jefferson Pointe Shopping Center is an open-air lifestyle center in Fort Wayne Indiana. Jefferson Pointe covers the wedge of land bordered between Apple Glen Boulevard West Jefferson Boulevard and Illinois Road on the southwest side of Fort Wayne. Major tenants include Barnes & Noble Bed Bath and Beyond Carmike Cinemas IMAX Marshalls Michaels and Von Maur.
 St. Patrick’s Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The church is located in northwest Jackson County Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The area known as Garryowen was settled by Irish immigrants from County Limerick in 1838-1839. The parish was founded by the Rev. Samuel Charles Mazzuchelli OP in 1840.
 The Vasa Museum (Swedish: Vasamuseet) is a maritime museum in Stockholm Sweden. Located on the island of Djurgården the museum displays the only almost fully intact 17th century ship that has ever been salvaged the 64-gun warship Vasa that sank on her maiden voyage in 1628. The Vasa Museum opened in 1990 and according to the official web site is the most visited museum in Scandinavia.
 Parker House is believed to have been constructed for Robert Parker and his wife Ruth a daughter of Blue Hill founder Joseph Wood in 1816 (or possibly in 1812) on an upland portion of the Parker family land grants of which Parker Point was also part. After passing to other owners including Frederick Fisher grandson of Blue Hill's first settled minister Jonathan Fisher the house was remodeled in 1900 by George A. Clough for Mrs.
 The Attucks School also known as Southeast Elementary School or Attucks Alternative Academy in Vinita Oklahoma is signicant in education and black ethnic heritage.Constructed in 1916-17 the Attucks School served the black community of Vinita Oklahoma as a combined elementary junior and high school. Stylistically the school is a combination of a simplified Art Deco and WPA construction.
 The Falls Fire Barn Museum also known as the Fire Barn or Falls Fire Station No. 2 is an historic fire station on Commonwealth Avenue in the village of Attleboro Falls in North Attleborough Massachusetts.
 Marina One (Chinese:滨海盛景) is a mixed-use development bounded by Marina Way and Straits View in Marina South Singapore. The area has been earmarked by the Urban Redevelopment Authority to be a vibrant new growth area for residential commercial and lifestyle activities.The developer of Marina One is M+S Pte Ltd owned 60:40 by Malaysia’s strategic investment fund Khazanah Nasional and Singapore’s investment company Temasek.
 Hotel Pez Espada is a hotel in Torremolinos Spain. Built in 1959-1960 it became a Bien de Interés Cultural in 2006 as the hotel is considered one of the pioneering hotels of the Costa del Sol tourist industry today. It is located right on the beach next to the 'La Carihuela' area noted for its seafood restaurants. The hotel has 192 guest rooms and 13 suites.
 Hard Times Cafe (sometimes Hard Times Cafe & Cue) is a restaurant chain serving chili and other foods primarily in the Maryland Virginia and Washington D.C. area. Hard Times has been recognized in several publications including USA Today AOL's City's Best Zagat's Top 20 Area Restaurants from 2003 to 2008 and several others.
 Bluefield Downtown Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. The district includes 73 contributing buildings in Bluefield's central business district. The buildings are primarily three and four story masonry commercial buildings. Notable buildings include The Shamrock Restaurant (1885) People's Bank (1895) the Art Deco / Moderne style Colonial Theatre (1916 c.
 The SunTrust Building also known as the 4th and Church Building is a high-rise office building in downtown Nashville Tennessee. The SunTrust Building is the 13th tallest building in Nashville with 20 stories and a height of 292 ft (89 m).
 The Amasa Farrier Boardinghouse is a historic house at 280 Main Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The large wood frame house was built c. 1865 by Amasa Farrier the town surveyor. The building served as a boarding house for workers in Stoneham's shoe factories and is the only boarding house of the period to survive in Stoneham.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Kuykendall Polygonal Barn was an early 20th-century polygonal barn in the South Branch Potomac River valley near Romney in Hampshire County West Virginia. The Kuykendall Polygonal Barn was the only 15-sided barn built in West Virginia and one of only a few such known to have been constructed in the United States. The barn utilized a number of sophisticated technological innovations not found in West Virginia's other round and polygonal barns.
 The Chedi Muscat is a luxury 5-star hotel and restaurant in Al Azaiba in northwest Muscat Oman set on a private beach. The hotel has 158 rooms and fuses together traditional Omani architecture with Zen Arabic Japanese and European influences.
 The Troy Gas Light Company was a gas lighting company in Troy New York United States. The Troy Gasholder Building is one of only ten or so remaining examples of a type of building that was common in Northeastern urban areas during the 19th century. It was designed by Frederick A. Sabbaton who was a prominent gas engineer in New York State.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at 103 S. Boston Avenue in Russellville Arkansas.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Knoxville Downtown YMCA also known as the Lindsay Young Downtown YMCA is a building in Knoxville Tennessee that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by the Barber & McMurry architecture firm. Completed in 1929 it is the third oldest YMCA facility in the United States.
 Nathan and Clarissa Green House is a historic home located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It is a two story wood frame residence with a gabled three bay facade and side entrance built about 1849 with Greek Revival details. It was built by Nathan Green an African American and fugitive slave who purchased the lot from Gerrit Smith. It is located next to the John and Harriet McKenzie House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Chausath Khamba also spelled Chaunsath Khamba (Hindi: चौंसठ खम्बा) is a tomb built during 1623–24. It is located in Nizamuddin precincts of Sufi Muslim shrines and tombs in New Delhi India. The name means 64 pillars in Urdu and Hindi. It was built by Mirza Aziz Koka son of Ataga Khan as a mausoleum for himself at the time when Mughal Emperor Jahangir ruled from Delhi. Mirza Aziz Koka had served several times as Jahangir’s Governor of Gujarat before he died in Gujarat.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is an historic church at 83 Warren Avenue in East Providence Rhode Island.The congregation traces its history to a Bible school formed in 1867. It was admitted into union with the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island in 1871 and became an independent parish in 1894. In 1878 St. Mary’s Orphanage now known as St. Mary's Home was opened; it remains in operation in North Providence.The Carpenter Gothic church by G.E. Harvey was constructed from 1870 to 1872.
 Our Lady of Bellefonte Hospital is a 214-bed not-for-profit acute care hospital located in Ashland Kentucky in the Tri-State region of Northeast Kentucky Southern Ohio and Western West Virginia. Part of the Catholic-based Bon Secours Health System Inc. Our Lady of Bellefonte Hospital employs approximately 1200 healthcare professionals making the hospital the largest employer in Greenup County.
 The Gatehouse in Baltonsborough Somerset England is a thatched house dating from the 16th century. It has been declared a Grade I listed building.
 Mal Kelapa Gading (English: Kelapa Gading Mall) opened on 1990 is a modern shopping and entertainment center located in Kelapa Gading Jakarta Indonesia. It is one of the largest shopping mall in Indonesia with over 130000 m² of floor space and 600+ stores.
 Beth Ahabah (Hebrew: House of Love‎) is a Reform synagogue in Richmond Virginia. Founded in 1789 by Spanish and Portuguese Jews as Kahal Kadosh Beth Shalome (Hebrew: Holy Congregation House of Peace) it is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States.
 The Grand Palais des Champs-Elysées commonly known as the Grand Palais (English: Great Palace) is a large historic site exhibition hall and museum complex located at the Champs-Élysées in the 8th arrondissement of Paris France.
 Ushaw College a former Catholic seminary and Licensed Hall of Residence of the University of Durham covers 400 acres in the village of Ushaw Moor in the UK. It was founded in 1808 by scholars from English College Douai who had fled France after that college had been closed during the French Revolution. Ushaw College had been affiliated with the University of Durham since 1968.
 Edgewater Farm is a historic home located at Willsboro Point in Essex County New York. It contains four contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing structure. The main house known as the Rowley house is an early-19th-century residence dated to about 1830 with two earlier service wings from about 1796 and 1820.
 Mettam Memorial Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Pikesville Baltimore County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gable-front stone structure measuring 30-by-40-foot (9.1 by 12.2 m) and built in 1835. It was renovated in 1965–1966 by the Pikesville Lion's Club. The church sits on an acre of ground which includes a cemetery. The building is named for its first pastor Joseph Mettam.
 James Buckley House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame structure built about 1845 in the Gothic Cottage style. The central section is flanked by 1-story wings with parapets hiding the shed roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bayterek (Kazakh: Бәйтерек Bäyterek tall poplar [tree]) is a monument and observation tower in Astana Kazakhstan. A tourist attraction popular with foreign visitors and native Kazakhs alike it is emblematic of the city which became capital of the country in 1997.
 The Fitzpatrick House is a historic residence in Lockport Township Illinois near Lockport.
 OMEGA was the first truly global radio navigation system for aircraft operated by the United States in cooperation with six partner nations. It enabled ships and aircraft to determine their position by receiving very low frequency (VLF) radio signals in the range 10 to 14 kHz transmitted by a network of fixed terrestrial radio beacons using a receiver unit. It became operational around 1971 and was shut down in 1997.
 The Charles Williams House is a historic house at 108 Cross Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Italianate house was built c. 1848 for Charles Williams a hat dealer. The central projecting section has a Palladian window on the second floor above a recessed entranceway where the door is surrounded by sidelight and transom windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Gruenwald Convent is a historic former Roman Catholic convent in the far western part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located approximately 0.5 miles (0.80 km) south of the small community of Cassella in Mercer County the convent was built in 1854. It is one of six convents that were built by the Missionaries of the Precious Blood in this portion of Ohio and in adjacent portions of far eastern Indiana and one of only two that remain without significant alterations.
 Mount Vernon Hospital is one of two hospitals run by The Hillingdon Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust located in Northwood.
 Sigma Towers is a building project situated in Cluj-Napoca Romania which will comprise two 35 floor towers linked together by a 4 floor commercial centre another two buildings of 7 and 5 floors and a 3 floor parking building.
 The Pevely Dairy Company Plant was a former factory complex of the Pevely Dairy Company in St. Louis Missouri located at 1001 South Grand Boulevard and 3626 Chouteau Avenue. The eight-acre property included three contributing buildings and one contributing object. While in operation the plant operated as a dairy production facility a stable for horses for wagon delivery of milk the company's headquarters and a soda fountain.
 The Brooks County Courthouse in Quitman Georgia was designed by architect John Wind and built in 1859. The building is an example of Renaissance Revival and Romanesque Revival architecture. It underwent extensive renovations in 1892.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Hickory Point Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Forsyth Illinois. Opened in 1978 it features Bergner's J. C. Penney Kohl's Sears and Von Maur as its anchor stores. The mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at 700 Poyntz Avenue in Manhattan Kansas.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Its current pastor is Rev. Dr. Scott Kenefake Interim Minister.
 Foster's Almshouse (grid reference ST586732) is a historic building on Colston Street Bristol England. The almshouse was originally founded by bequest from 15th century merchant John Foster in 1482.The west wing of the current building was built in 1861 the north wing in 1872 and the south and east wings in 1880-83 by Foster and Wood.
 The Mary Rockwell Hook House at 4940 Summit St. in Kansas City Missouri was designed by and was home of architect Mary Rockwell Hook. It was built during 1925-1927. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It included a pool that Hook believed to be one of the first private swimming pools in the Kansas City area.The house is significant both as a work of Mary Rockwell Hook and for its long association with her and her family (husband and two children).
 The Northern Maine Medical Center is a hospital located in the town of Fort Kent Maine. It serves most of Aroostook County including more than ten small and medium-sized communities.
 The Autry National Center is a museum dedicated to bringing together the stories of all peoples of the American West connecting the past with the present to inspire the shared future. The museum presents a wide range of exhibitions and public programs including lectures film theater festivals family events and music and performs scholarship research and educational outreach.
 Dutch Harbor Naval Operating Base and Fort Mears are the two military installations built next to each other in Dutch Harbor Alaska by the United States in response to the growing war threat with Japan. In 1938 the Navy Board recommended the construction which began in July 1940. The first army troops arrived in June 1941 and the navy air base was finished in September 1941. At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor these were the only military installations in the Aleutian Islands.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charleston located in Charleston South Carolina. The Most Reverend Robert E. Guglielmone D.D. the thirteenth Bishop of Charleston was ordained and installed on March 25 2009.The first brownstone cathedral was built in 1854 and named the Cathedral of Saint John and Saint Finbar. It burned down in a great fire in December 1861. After being rebuilt it was renamed the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist.
 Four Seasons Town Centre is a three-story shopping mall in Greensboro North Carolina. Opened in 1974 it was the first enclosed shopping center in Greensboro. Currently it is anchored by Belk Dillard's and J. C. Penney and it is the only indoor shopping mall within Greensboro's city limits; however nearby Friendly Center an outdoor shopping plaza has many of the same tenants. Four Seasons today is managed by General Growth Properties.
 The Sherman County Courthouse is a Queen Anne-style building located in Moro Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located at 500 Court Street. It was designed by prolific architect Charles H. Burggraf and built by A.F. Peterson in 1899. It was listed on the NRHP in 1998; the listing included three contributing buildings.
 The Clarinda Correctional Facility is a correctional institution located in the Page County community of Clarinda Iowa. It is in southwest Iowa on the grounds of the Clarinda Treatment Complex.
 The Château de Condat is a mansion which was developed from a 15th-century castle in the commune of Bouziès in the Lot département of France.Construction dates from the 15th 17th and 18th centuries. The present château consists of two buildings of different sizes joined at right angles. It was part of a more important and much older structure. The ground floor is taken up with cellars one of which is vaulted.
 The Chicago Great Western Depot in Red Wing Minnesota is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The depot was built in 1906 after the Chicago Great Western Railway acquired two small railroads: the Minnesota Central which connected to Cannon Falls; and the Duluth Red Wing and Southern which connected to Zumbrota. CGW established a divisional headquarters and built this depot in 1906 with passenger space on the first floor and office space on the second floor.
 The Thomas Reburn Polygonal Barn is an historical structure located near New Albin in rural Allamakee County Iowa United States. It was built in 1914 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building measures 46 feet (14.02m) around. It is a 12-sided structure that features red vertical siding and a silo that extends one story through the roof.
 Taneytown Historic District is a national historic district at Taneytown Carroll County Maryland United States. The district comprises a cohesive group of houses churches commercial buildings and industrial structures reflecting the development of this crossroads town from its initial platting in 1762 through the early 20th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Clark's Conveniency is a historic home located near Pomona Kent County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story early-18th-century brick house built in three sections: the main block and a wing on the east and west ends. It is representative of the houses built by the smaller but still prosperous planters of 18th-century tidewater Maryland.Clark's Conveniency was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Not to be confused with Holy Trinity Church BoltonHoly Trinity Church Bolton-le-Sands (formerly St Michael's Church) is in the village of Bolton-le-Sands Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St Mark Nether Kellett. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Telecom Italia Tower is a 129-metre high skyscraper located in the business district of Naples Italy. It is currently the second tallest skyscraper in Italy after Palazzo Lombardia in Milan. It has been for 15 years the highest building in Italy surpassing by 2 meters the Pirelli Tower in Milan that held the title from 1960 to 1995.
 The Mayo Building on S. Main St. in Tulsa Oklahoma was built in 1910. It had five stories. It was expanded by a duplicate building to the north in 1914 and further expanded by addition of 5 more stories in 1917.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.According to its NRHP nomination the building is one of Tulsa's earliest business/office buildings.
 Col. Elmer E. Ellsworth Monument and Grave is a historic site within Hudson View Cemetery in Mechanicville New York.The monument to Elmer E. Ellsworth the first casualty of the American Civil War was built in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The U.S. Post Office in Ellenville New York United States serves the ZIP code 12428 which covers Ellenville and much of the surrounding town of Wawarsing. It is located on Liberty Place in the center of the village.The building was one of many post offices in the region which were built of stone reflecting the historical Dutch influence in the Hudson Valley during the New Deal by the Works Progress Administration. President Franklin D. Roosevelt personally approved the design.
 Harris Mill (Harris Cotton Mill Corporation; Harris Manufacturing Co.; Interlaken Mills Corporation) is a historic mill at 618 Main Street in Coventry Rhode Island.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Mechanicsville School is a historic school building located in the Parkwood neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1866-1867 and is a one-story three-bay vernacular stone building coated in stucco. It has a gable roof with wood cornice and brick chimney.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Hilton Indianapolis is a hotel in Indianapolis Indiana. The building was completed in 1971 and has 18 floors with a total of 332 rooms. The Hilton was formerly the tallest hotel in the city; the JW Marriott surpassed it when it was completed in 2011. The location was formerly the site of the Traction Terminal Building which was a covered depot for the interurban lines in Indianapolis.
 Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis is a church on rue Saint-Antoine in the Marais quarter of Paris. The present building was constructed from 1627 to 1641 by the Jesuit architects Étienne Martellange and François Derand on the orders of Louis XIII of France. Next door to it is the Lycée Charlemagne also founded by the Jesuits. It gives its name to Place Saint-Paul and its nearest Metro station Saint-Paul.
 The Main Interior Building also known as the Stewart Lee Udall Department of the Interior Building located in Washington D.C. is the headquarters of the United States Department of the Interior.Located in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood it is bounded by 19th Street NW on the west 18th Street NW on the east E Street NW on the north C Street NW on the south and Virginia Avenue on the southwest.
 Crockett's Cove Presbyterian Church also known as Cove Brick Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Wytheville Wythe County Virginia. The church was built in 1858 and is a small rectangular Greek Revival style brick church building. The church served as a hospital following the Battle of Cove Mountain.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Markland Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Kokomo Indiana. Opened in 1968 it features Sears Target MC Sports and Carson's as its anchor stores. It is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Bindnagle Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church located in North Londonderry Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1803 and is a two-story brick building measuring 36 feet by 48 feet. It is in the Georgian style. Also on the property is a contributing cemetery with the oldest burial dated to 1774.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 St Paul's Church in Worthing England was opened in 1812 as the Worthing Chapel of Ease. It was built so that the residents and visitors to the newly created town of Worthing would not need to travel to the parish church of St Mary in Broadwater. As a growing resort it was felt that for the town to prosper residents and visitors would demand a local church or chapel.The Chapel of Ease gave its name to Worthing town centre's principal north-south route Chapel Road.
 Opened in 1968 Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison (GDCP) is a Georgia Department of Corrections prison for men in unincorporated Butts County Georgia near Jackson. The prison holds the state execution chamber; the execution equipment was moved to the prison in June 1980 with the first execution in the facility occurring on December 15 1983.
 The church of St Medardus and St Gildardus in Little Bytham Lincolnshire is a Grade I listed building. It is dedicated to two 6th-century French saints St Medard and St Gildard (or Medardus and Gildardus); the dedication is unique in the UK. Virtually unknown in Britain St Medard is still well known in France with at least 25 towns or villages named after him (as St Médard or St Méard). Gildard thought to be his brother is less well known.
 Burg Festenburg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Cooperstown Historic District is a national historic district in Cooperstown Otsego County New York that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It encompasses 232 contributing properties: 226 contributing buildings 1 contributing site 3 contributing structures and 2 contributing objects.
 Oriel House Westland Row is a building at the intersection of Westland Row and Fenian Street in Dublin.It was the headquarters of Dunlop Rubber and the address at which the original pneumatic tyre patent was draughted in 1893 'for the wheels of Velocipedes and other Vehicles'.During the Irish Civil War it became the base for the Criminal Investigations Department (CID) of the Irish Free State's nascent police force.It was used by the Department of Lands in the late 1940s and Gaeltarra Eireann had its head office there in the 1950s.Currently it is owned by Trinity College Dublin and serves as the headquarters for CTVR The Telecommunications Research Centre.
 The SAGE radar stations of Air Defense Command (Aerospace Defense Command after 1968) were the military installations operated by USAF squadrons using the 1st automated air defense environment (Semi-Automatic Ground Environment) and networked by the SAGE System a computer network.
 Lanka Hospitals (CSE: LHCL.N0000) formerly known as Apollo Hospitals Colombo is a multi-specialty tertiary care hospital in Sri Lanka and is one of the largest private hospitals in the country. It is situated on Elvitigala Mawatha also known as Baseline Road which is a direct route from the country’s international airport. It is also only a few minutes drive from central Colombo. The hospital was commissioned in 2002 as a branch of Apollo Hospitals India.
 The Sentinel Building is a historic building located at 232 East Broadway in Centralia Illinois. The building was constructed in 1881 to serve as the headquarters and printing press of the Centralia Sentinel Centralia's daily newspaper. Renovations in 1922 and 1929 converted the building's design to the Egyptian Revival style; the change reflected the Sentinel's slogan Egypt's Greatest Daily which was chosen since the newspaper served the Little Egypt region.
 F. W. Wait House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1876 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story brick residence with a slate mansard roof in a transitional Italianate / Second Empire style. It retains many of its original decorative details.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Lowndes Grove also known as The Grove or Grove Farm is a house built in about 1786 on the Ashley River in Charleston. It is located on a triangular plot of land bordered by St. Margaret Street 5th Avenue and 6th Avenue. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on 30 August 1978.
 Union Church (also known as Brick Church) is a historic church on Clark at Sycamore Street in Davis City Iowa. It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Patriotic Order Sons of America Washington Camp 422 also known as the Women's Society of Christian Service Hall is a historic building located in Dreher Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 as a meeting hall for the local chapter of the Patriotic Order Sons of America. It is a two-story rectangular wood frame building measuring approximately 22 feet wide and 44 feet deep. A one-story addition was built in 1999.
 Abington Memorial Hospital (AMH) is a hospital located in Abington Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania in the northern suburbs of Philadelphia.
 St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal Church building located in Le Mars Iowa United States. Designed in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture the church building was erected in 1881. On November 21 1976 St. George's was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Casa de la Guerra was the residence of the fifth commandant of the Presidio de Santa Barbara José de la Guerra y Noriega from 1828 until his death in 1858. Descendants of José lived in the home until 1943. The site is currently owned and operated by the Santa Barbara Trust for Historic Preservation as a historic house museum.
 St Bartholomew’s Church Kneesall is a Grade I listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Kneesall.
 The Somerville Hospital campus is a community teaching hospital located at 230 Highland Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts - near Porter Square and Davis Square.It is one of three hospital campuses that are part of Cambridge Health Alliance.
 The Governor Charles Croswell House is a building located at 228 North Broad Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on February 19 1958 and later listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972.
 The MIT Museum founded in 1971 is located at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge Massachusetts. It hosts collections of holography technology-related artworks artificial intelligence robotics maritime history and the history of MIT. Its holography collection of 1800 pieces is the largest in the world though not all of it is exhibited.
 The Beverly Hills Public Library (abbreviated BHPL) is the public library for the city of Beverly Hills California the only public library of the city of Beverly Hills. It is located next to the BHPD headquarters. The library is open to all members of the public and any resident of Los Angeles or Orange Counties or Thousand Oaks and some nearby communities in southern Ventura County may become a member.
 Cherry Lane Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in Penticton British Columbia which is a city that is part of the Okanagan region in Canada. It serves as the only shopping mall that is based in the South Okanagan regional district and is the third largest in the Okanagan area as a whole behind Village Green Centre and Orchard Park Shopping Centre; the latter serves as the largest while the former serves as the second largest.
 St Nicholas' Church Islip is the Church of England parish church of Islip Oxfordshire a village about 3 miles (5 km) east of Kidlington and 5 miles (8 km) north of Oxford.
 Randall Park Mall was a shopping mall located in the village of North Randall Ohio. Despite the mall's importance to the town (it is represented by the two shopping bags appearing in the municipal seal) Randall Park Mall closed in March 2009.
 1 Hanover Square formerly known as the New York Cotton Exchange building and as India House is on the southern edge of Hanover Square in lower Manhattan in New York City.
 The Maudsley Hospital is a British psychiatric hospital in South London. The Maudsley is the largest mental health training institution in the UK. The hospital's trust describes itself as a world leader in research and also works in partnership with the Institute of Psychiatry King's College London. The hospital was one of the originating institutions in producing the Maudsley Prescribing Guidelines.
 The Glen Ellyn Main Street Historic District is a set of eleven buildings in Glen Ellyn Illinois. The houses were built between 1874 and 1890 when the village was known as Prospect Park. The swampy setting of the village began to gain a reputation as a retreat away from the city and by 1882 the village was large enough for incorporation. Wealthy businessmen built homes along the main stretch of the village in what would become the historical district.
 The Snowy Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on the summit of Snowy Mountain at Indian Lake in Hamilton County New York. The station includes a 45-foot-tall (14 m) steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1917 a jeep trail from NYS Rte 30 to the base of the mountain the remains of an observer's cabin and an adjacent spring house reported to have been built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1936.
 The Church and Monastery of St. Francis (Spanish: Iglesia y Monasterio de San Francisco) commonly known as el San Francisco is a 16th-century Roman Catholic complex in Quito Ecuador. It fronts onto its namesake Plaza de San Francisco. The imposing structure has the distinction of being the largest architectural ensemble among the historical structures of colonial Latin America and for this reason is sometimes known as El Escorial of the New World.
 The South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club was a Pennsylvania corporation which operated an exclusive and secretive retreat at a mountain lake near South Fork Pennsylvania for more than fifty extremely wealthy men and their families. The club was the owner of the South Fork Dam which failed during an unprecedented period of heavy rains resulting in the disastrous Johnstown Flood on May 31 1889.
 The National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library (NCSML) is a museum and library of Czech and Slovak history and culture located in Cedar Rapids Iowa in the United States. Established in 1974 the museum and library moved to its present site in 1983. The museum and library was severely affected by the Iowa flood of 2008. In 2012 rebuilding and expansion efforts were completed and the NCSML reopened.
 Carrington Osage Village Site was a village site for the Big Osage Indians from 1775 to 1825. In 1806 Zebulon Pike visited the site.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
 The Kaiser Richmond Field Hospital was the first Kaiser Permanente Hospital and is a historic site resource of the city of Richmond California and a contributing property to Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hospital provided health services for surrounding communities until 1995 when it was replaced by the then state-of-the-art Richmond Medical Center in downtown Richmond.
 The Royal North Shore Hospital (RNSH) is a major public teaching hospital in Sydney Australia located in St Leonards. It serves as a teaching hospital for Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney and has approximately 740 beds. It is the referral hospital for Northern Sydney. Its primary referral area accommodates 5.7% of the Australian population or 17% of the NSW population.
 The Ramsey County Poor Farm Barn served as home and work for the indigent in Ramsey County Minnesota United States. The barn is now used by the Ramsey County Cooperative extension service. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The second floor houses the Ramsey County Fright Farm. It is the number one Haunted House in Minnesota.[citation needed]
 West Riding House (renamed Pinnacle in 2013) is an 80-metre (260 ft) and 20 storey tall office building in Leeds West Yorkshire England which was completed in 1973. It was the tallest building in the city until 2005 with the topping out of Bridgewater Place. There are retail units on the ground floor of the building as it is located in the centre of the shopping district of the city. It was internally renovated in the early 2000s followed by a refurbishment of the lower floor retail space.
 The Royal Chapel of All Saints or Queen Victoria's Chapel is a Grade II listed church in the grounds of the Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park Berkshire England. The chapel is less than one hundred yards from the Royal Lodge and is approached from the lodge by a covered walk. The chapel is a Royal Peculiar and serves as an informal parish church for the inhabitants and staff of the Windsor Great Park.
 Bud Church (Norwegian: Bud kyrkje) is a parish church in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Bud. The church is part of the Bud parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1717 and was consecrated by the Bishop Peder Krog. The church is a cross-form church with a unique onion-style dome and spire on top. The church seats about 250 people.
 Leinster House (Irish: Teach Laighean) is the seat of the Oireachtas the national parliament of Ireland.Leinster House was originally the ducal palace of the Dukes of Leinster. Since 1922 it is a complex of buildings of which the former ducal palace is the core which house Oireachtas Éireann its members and staff. The most recognisable part of the complex and the 'public face' of Leinster House continues to be the former ducal palace at the core of the complex.
 South Shore Plaza is an upscale shopping mall owned by the Simon Property Group. It is located in Braintree Massachusetts. With 2165000 sq ft (201100 m2) of leasable area and 220 retailers it is the largest mall in New England in terms of square footage and is the 15th largest mall in the United States.
 St. Theresa's Hospital Erragadda is a hospital located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. This hospital is popular for its maternity service. Many under-privileged people depend on this hospital for their healthcare. Many specialists work here at nominal pay which makes it even more attractive. This hospital was set up in the early 1960s at Saifabad before moving to its present location Erragadda.
 Two Bloor West is an office building at the intersection of Yonge Street and Bloor Street in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is sometimes referred to as Toronto's CIBC building but that name can also refer to Commerce Court.Located at the intersection of Yonge and Bloor 2 Bloor Street West is a 34 storey A class office tower in the heart of mid-town Toronto.
 Reževići Monastery (Serbian: Манастир Режевићи) or The Monastery of Rezevići is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in Katun Reževići village between Budva and Petrovac in modern day Montenegro. The monastery has two churches. According to a local legend the 'Church of the Dormition of the Mother of God' was built in the 1220s by Stefan Nemanjić (Stefan the First-Crowned) the first king of Serbia while the 'Church of the Archdeacon Stefan' was built by Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia in 1351.
 The Hood River County Library and Georgiana Smith Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was a community effort to get the library built with a woman's club leading and eventually securing a $17500 Carnegie grant. The library was built in 1913-14. The Georgiana Smith Park was completed in 1935.
 The Manila Film Center is a national building located at the southwest end of the Cultural Center of the Philippines complex in Pasay City Philippines. The structure was designed by architect Froilan Hong where its edifice is supported on more than nine hundred piles which reaches to the bed-rock about 120 feet below. The Manila Film Center served as the main theater for the 1st Manila International Film Festival (MIFF) from the 18th to the 29th of January 1982.
 The Northshore Mall is an upscale shopping mall in New England and is located on Route 114 near Route 128 in Peabody Massachusetts. It is currently anchored by Macy's (split into two locations) Sears JCPenney and Nordstrom. A recently completed redevelopment reconfigured the center which is approximately 1.685 million ft².
 The Engine Company 9 Fire Station is located in Hartford Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1929 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1989.
 Little Flower Hospital & Research Centre is an 800-bed multi-specialty hospital in the town of Angamaly Eranakulam District about 25 kilometres north of Kochi situated at the junction of the Main Central Road of Kerala with the National Highway 47. The hospital is run by the Major Archdiocese of Kochi-Angamali of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church.
 Mount Sinai St. Luke's and Mount Sinai Roosevelt are two academic affiliates of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. The combined hospitals are a 1028-bed full-service community and tertiary care hospitals serving New York City’s Midtown West Upper West Side and parts of Harlem.The two hospital components which merged operations in 1979 are nearly 50 blocks apart on Manhattan's west side: Mount Sinai St.
 Toppeladugård Castle (Swedish: Toppeladugårds slott) is a castle in Lund Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Emanuel Medical Center is a 209-bed acute care hospital located in Turlock California and also runs a 145-bed skilled nursing facility. The medical center is equipped with a helipad (FAA LID: CA58). Emanuel Medical Center is a ministry of the Evangelical Covenant Church. In the most recent year with available data the medical center had 11041 total admissions performed 3510 inpatient procedures 3083 outpatient procedures and the emergency department had 58450 visits.
 Ratusha Ivano-Frankivsk (Ukrainian: Івано-Франківська ратуша) is a several stories-tall rathaus in the downtown (Old Town) of the city of Ivano-Frankivsk at the city's Market Square (locally - Ploshcha Rynok). It is the only rathaus in Ukraine built in the Art Deco (part of the Style Modern). The current design was created in 1920s by Stanislaw Trela while the original building was built with creation of the city in 17th century.
 Simon Ritter Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Varick in Seneca County New York. It is a late Federal / early Greek Revival style cobblestone farmhouse with an overlay of Italianate detailing. It is a two story slightly asymmetrical structure on a raised fieldstone foundation. It was built about 1830 and is constructed of irregularly sized and variously colored field cobbles. The house is among the approximately 18 surviving cobblestone buildings in Seneca County.
 Golden Mine is a historic home located at Milford Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1763 and is a two-story three bay frame dwelling sheathed in cypress shingles. It has a double entrance. There is a two-story one bay brick addition with another front entrance. Both sections share a steep gable roof. There are rear frame additions.
 The Sioux County Courthouse located at the northeast corner of Main and 3rd Streets in Harrison is the center of government of Sioux County Nebraska. The courthouse was built in 1930 to replace the county's first courthouse an 1888 building that had fallen into poor condition. Architect E.L. Goldsmith of Scottsbluff designed the courthouse in the County Citadel style a Classical Revival-influenced design used in six Nebraska courthouses.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary is a Catholic cathedral in Newcastle upon Tyne England the mother church of the Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle and seat of the Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle. The Cathedral situated on Clayton Street was designed by Augustus Welby Pugin and built between 1842 and 1844. The cathedral is a grade I listed building and a fine example of the Gothic Revival style of architecture championed by Pugin.
 The Hôtel Ritz is a grand palatial hotel in the heart of Paris the 1st arrondissement. It overlooks the octagonal border of the Place Vendôme at number 15. The hotel is ranked highly among the most prestigious and luxurious hotels in the world and is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World.The hotel which today has 159 rooms was founded by the Swiss hotelier César Ritz in collaboration with the chef Auguste Escoffier in 1898.
 The Brazilian Court Hotel & Beach Club is a historic luxury hotel in Palm Beach Florida United States which opened on New Year's Day in 1926. The National Trust for Historic Preservation has accepted The Brazilian Court Hotel to be part of the Historic Hotels of America.In 1924 and 1925 two New York investors Joseph D'Esterre and Stanley Paschal assembled the site of The Brazilian Court at that time occupied by a few bungalows.
 Kolossi Castle is a former Crusader stronghold on the south-west edge of Kolossi village 14 kilometres (9 mi) west of the city of Limassol on the island of Cyprus. It held great strategic importance in the Middle Ages and contained large facilities for the production of sugar from the local sugarcane one of Cyprus's main exports in the period.
 Times Square Tower is a 47-story 726-foot (221 m) office tower located at 7 Times Square in Manhattan New York City standing at West 41st Street.Started in 2002 and completed in 2004 the tower contains Class A office space. Some of the most prominent features of the Times Square Tower are its billboards several of which hang on the building's façade. Most of the large signs are found near the base but one 4-story sign is found above the middle of the building.
 The Elephant Hotel is a National Historic Landmark located in Somers New York a town in Westchester County New York USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on August 7 1974 as Somers Town House and designated a National Historic Landmark in 2005 as Elephant Hotel. It is also a contributing property in the NRHP-listed Somers Hamlet Historic District.
 The Salem United Church of Christ known in previous generations as the Salem German Evangelical Reformed Church or Deutsche Evangelisch Reformierte Salems Kirche is located at 1425 Sycamore Street in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio. The church holds membership in the United Church of Christ the successor to the German Reformed tradition.This church was constructed in 1867 and services were held in German until the 1930s.
 Capilla de Santa Eugenia de Sobrecueva is a church in Asturias Spain.
 J. Kurtz and Sons Store Building is a historic commercial building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was built in 1931 and is a six-story steel-frame building with two decorated sides in the Art Deco style. It is three bays by six bays and features a metal-framed windows with stepped pylon motif rising through all four floors. They are of cast aluminum with geometric designs. It was built to house the J.
 The Harriman Historic District is located in the northern section of Bristol Pennsylvania United States. It is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) residential area with 109 buildings mostly houses and the local secondary school.Houses began being built in the area early in the 20th century. Growth exploded when the U.S.
 The 1942 Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota United States is a former bank building that is now the home of a Westin Hotel. The building is an example of the Streamline Moderne phase of the Art Deco movement and is notable for its bold relief sculptures of a farmer and a mechanic framing the main entrance. The sculptures were designed by Warren T. Mosman who headed the sculpture department at the Minneapolis Institute of Arts.
 The Levi Flagg Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 79 Florence Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved representative of the development of the neighborhood and is architecturally distinctive for a rare combination (in a triple decker) of Queen Anne and Stick Style elements. The house was built c. 1901 and its first documented owner was Levi Flagg a real estate agent who owned a number of properties throughout the city.
 Dawson Building is a historic commercial building located at 1851 Purchase Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1896 for Benjamin Dawson a grocer and liquor distributor. In 1923 it was purchased by the New Bedford Aeire #647 Fraternal Order of Eagles. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building has since been converted into apartments.
 The Kuo Yuan Ye Museum of Cake and Pastry (Chinese: 郭元益糕餅博物館; pinyin: Guōyuányì Gāobǐng Bówùguǎn) is a pastry culture and making museum in Taiwan.The museum has two branches in Taiwan one in Shilin District Taipei and another in Yangmei City Taoyuan County.
 The Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum is a museum and art gallery in Glasgow Scotland. The building houses one of Europe's great civic art collections.
 51 Market Street also known as the William and Rosamond Clark House is a historic house located between Madison and Monroe Streets in lower Manhattan in New York City. The two-story gambrelled house was built in 1824-25 in the late Federal style at a time when the Lower East Side was an affluent residential neighborhood. The original owner was apparently William Clark a grocer. The upper two stories were added late in the 19th century.
 The Radisson Lackawanna Station Hotel built as the Delaware Lackawanna and Western Railroad Station is a neo-classical building in Scranton Pennsylvania. It was built as a train station and office building in 1908; closed in 1970; listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 6 1977; and renovated and reopened as a hotel in 1983. Through it all the building retains its original clocks doors fountains stairs ceilings walls and overall appearance.
 Hornbine School is a historic school at 144 Hornbine Road in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The school was built in 1862 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Peabody School is a historic school building at 170 Salem Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. The two story Romanesque Revival brick and stone building was built in 1895 by architect C. Willis Damon for the town of Bradford (which was annexed to Haverhill two years later); it was the last school building Bradford built.
 Rogers Brothers Farmstead also known as Cottonwood Farm and Austin Rogers House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1838 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay vernacular limestone farmhouse. A 1-story frame wing was added shortly after it was built.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Château de Gisors is a castle in the town of Gisors in the départment of Eure France. The castle was a key fortress of the Dukes of Normandy in the 11th and 12th centuries. It was intended to defend the Anglo-Norman Vexin territory from the pretensions of the King of France.
 TriNoma (Triangle North of Manila) is a large shopping mall in Quezon City Philippines owned by property development firm Ayala Land. Opened in 2007 the mall is located on the side of Epifanio de los Santos Avenue east of the North Avenue MRT Station in Quezon City giving significant market competition to the nearby SM City North EDSA as one of the largest malls in Metro Manila.
 Colwick Hall was an English country house in Colwick Nottinghamshire. It is now a hotel. The building is Grade II* listed.It is constructed of red brick with ashlar dressings and hipped slate roofs with a 2 storey central block and single storey wings. The frontage has four Ionic pillars surmounted by a pediment.
 The Grand Rapids Hotel also known as the The Grand Rapids Resort was a hotel that existed outside of Mount Carmel Illinois in Wabash County Illinois United States in Southern Illinois from 1922 to 1929. The hotel was located on the Wabash River next to the Grand Rapids Dam on land that was originally purchased by Thomas S. Hinde.
 The Brooklyn Army Terminal is a large complex of warehouses offices piers docks cranes rail sidings and cargo loading equipment on 95 acres (380000 m2) between 58th and 63rd Street in Sunset Park Brooklyn New York. It was the largest military supply base in the United States through World War II and was later redeveloped for commercial use.
 The Conoco-Phillips Building is a 22-story 90.2 m (296 ft) office building completed in 1983 at 700 G Street in downtown Anchorage Alaska. It is the tallest building in state and with the nearby Robert B. Atwood Building predominantly defines the center of the skyline of the city.The actual building is more of a complex composed of the atrium connecting with a smaller office tower.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church built in 1890 is an historic Methodist church located at Thoman and Union streets in Crestline Ohio. It was built by Bauer Minich and Emmer in the Romanesque style. On October 27 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the First United Methodist Church.
 The 1614 Metropolitan Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist also known as the Metropolitan (Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines) Cathedral of Dagupan City (Burgos St. Dagupan 2400 Pangasinan) is the Episcopal Seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan Philippines (Suffragan of Lingayen – Dagupan which was created on January 19 1970 and canonically erected on April 11 1970).
 The Elbridge Hydraulic Industry Archeological District is a historic district in Elbridge New York.It includes a 16.7 area with 4 contributing sites and 11 contributing structures.
 Cohen House is a historic home located at Petersburg Virginia. The original building was built in 1851. It has evolved into a three-story three bay Second Empire style brick dwelling. It has a tall mansard roof with decorative slate shingles added during a major remodeling in 1897-1898.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St Mary's Church Fleet Marston is the redundant Church of England parish church of the deserted medieval village of Fleet Marston Buckinghamshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in a field to the northeast of the A41 road some 2 miles (3 km) northwest of Aylesbury. John Wesley preached his first sermon in the church soon after he was ordained deacon in September 1725.
 The Wyoming County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse and jail located in Pineville Wyoming County West Virginia. It consists of the unusually large neoclassical courthouse with a massive pediment and an adjoining stone jail. The courthouse was designed by West Virginia state architect A. F. Wysong and built in 1916 of locally quarried stone. The jail was built of similar materials in 1930 with Work Projects Administration labor. A statue of preacher W.H.H.
 Simpson Street School is a historic school complex located at Mechanicsburg in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a Romanesque Revival style building built in 1892 and two Late Gothic Revival style buildings added in the 1920s. The 1892 building is square in plan 2 1/2-stories with a raised basement. It is built pressed brick and features three ornate projecting entrances. The addition was built in two phases in 1926 and 1929.
 Walsh's Building formerly known as the Economic Store Building is a building in Perth Western Australia. It was designed by Talbot Hobbs.
 Numero 28 is an Italian restaurant located at 1431 First Avenue (between East 74th Street and East 75th Street) on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City.It opened in February 2012. Luigi Porceddu is the general manager and a partner and Rolando Biamonte is a co-owner and founder.
 The Mardot Antique Shop was a historic commercial building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1889 it was a weatherboarded structure with a slate roof and built on a stone foundation. Three stories tall the building was a simple rectangle two bays by three and it featured a simple symmetrical facade with a cast iron front and many windows.
 St. Mary's Church is the only Catholic parish in the city of Noida India and is dedicated to the Assumption of Our Lady. It comes under the Agra Diocese of the Roman Catholic Church. The parish lies on the north-western tip of Agra Diocese bordering with the Delhi Diocese on the west and Meerut Diocese on the north. The present parish priest of the church is Fr. Stephen Kolandaisamy.
 St. John's Church or St. John's Episcopal Church Broad Creek is a historic Episcopal church located at 9801 Livingston Road in Fort Washington Prince George's County Maryland. It is a rectangular Flemish bond brick structure with a bell hipped roof.
 Hôtel Meurice de Calaisis a hotel in Calais France. It was established in 1771 and was one of the earliest hotels on the continent of Europe to specifically cater for the British elite. It has 41 en-suite rooms.
 The Hamburg Museum also known as Museum für Hamburgische Geschichte (Museum for Hamburg History) is a history museum located in the city of Hamburg in northern Germany. The museum was established at its current location in 1922 although its parent organization was started in 1839. The museum was named hamburgmuseum in 2006. It is located near the Planten un Blomen park in the center of Hamburg.
 Las Vegas City Hall is the center of municipal government for the City of Las Vegas Nevada. It is located downtown with its main entrance on Main Street.
 St. Joseph Church is a historic church on Spring Street in St. Joseph Tennessee.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 WellStar Douglas Hospital is the hospital in Douglasville Georgia United States and has served the Douglas County community since 1989. The hospital was previously known as Douglas General Hospital but took on its current name following a change of ownership to WellStar in 1998.The hospital currently has 98 beds and provides inpatient (including emergency room and ICU) and outpatient services.
 The Harbison College President's Home near Abbeville South Carolina was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Cottonwood Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Holladay Utah a suburb of Salt Lake City Utah. It was the first indoor shopping mall in the state.
 Synagogue of the Ashkenazi Jews in Baku is a synagogue in Baku. It is located in the center of the city.
 Cainta Church ecclesiastically known as Our Lady of Light Parish in Cainta stands as one of the oldest churches in the Province of Rizal. It is located along Andres Bonifacio Avenue in the municipality of Cainta. From its time of erection as a parish in 1760 until 1983 it belonged to the Archdiocese of Manila. Since 1983 it is under the Diocese of Antipolo. The present parish priest is Rev. Fr. Neil Vincent Tacbas. The church also operates a neighboring school Cainta Catholic College.
 The Joseph Andrews House is a historic house at 258 Linden Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1851 and was one of the first houses on Linden Street after it was laid out in the 1840s. It was originally set further back from the street but was moved forward on its lot in the 1950s.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul (Croatian: Crkva svetog Petra i Pavla) the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek is a neo-Gothic sacral structure located in Osijek Croatia. The multi-tiered 90-metre spire is one of the city's landmarks. The church was built in 1898 on the initiative of the Bishop of Đakovo Josip Juraj Strossmayer.The church is entered via a small door to the right of the main portal overlooked by a trio of gargoyles.
 The Russ Building is a Neo-Gothic office tower located in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The 133 m (436 ft) building was completed in 1927 and had 32 floors as well as the city's first indoor parking garage.
 John Wilson House in the borough of Jewett City in the town of Griswold Connecticut was built in 1781. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Hotel Courtland in Canton Ohio also or formerly known as St. Francis Hotel and as Stark County Office Building was built in 1905. It was designed by architect Guy Tilden.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The House at 42 Salem Street in Reading Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival-Italianate house. Built sometime before 1854 its gable end faces the street with the door on the left bay of three a typical Greek Revival side hall layout. The doorway is topped by a heavy Italianate hood. The windows have shallow pedimented lintels and the left facade has a projecting square bay.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Fall River Waterworks is a 22-acre (8.9 ha) historic site located at the eastern end Bedford Street in Fall River Massachusetts along the shore of North Watuppa Pond. The property which is still used as a water works for the city contains the original pumping station intake house and 121-foot (37 m) tall standpipe water tower. The system was originally built between 1872 and 1875 and expanded or upgraded many times. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Holy Trinity Church is the Anglican parish church of Rudgwick a village in the Horsham district of West Sussex England.The oldest part of the church is the font which is made from Horsham or Sussex Marble and dates from the 12th century. The tower of the present church was built in 13th century though much of the material probably came from the older church that was pulled down to make way for the current building.
 Gorditas Doña Tota is a restaurant chain in Mexico. It was established in 1952 when Carlota Murillo of Ciudad Victoria Tamaulipas began selling gorditas on the street. Today it has over 200 branches in some 60 cities serving millions.
 The Prospect Hill Historic District is an irregularly-shaped 185-acre (75 ha) historic district in New Haven Connecticut. The district encompasses most of the residential portion of the Prospect Hill neighborhood.The district includes two U.S. National Historic Landmark properties which are separately listed on the National Register: the Othniel C. Marsh House and the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Ameen Rihani Museum is a biographical museum in Freike Lebanon. It is dedicated to the Lebanese-American writer and thinker Ameen Rihani and was established by his brother Albert Rihani to honor him in 1953. The museum underwent renovation in 1986 and now occupies the lower level of the home.
 The House at 6 Kent Court is a historic colonial-era house in Somerville Massachusetts. The Georgian style house was built in 1750 and is one of the oldest buildings in the city. It is known that there were a number of houses in this area but it is likely that this house was moved possible from Somerville Avenue around the turn of the 20th century.
 The Slovak Red Cross Museum (Slovakian: Múzeum Slovenského Červeného kríža) or simply SCK Museum is a specialized museum of the Slovak Red Cross with a nationwide scope.
 Highfield House is a high-rise condominium in the Tuscany-Canterbury neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland United States. It was designed by Mies van der Rohe and completed in 1964. It was the second of two buildings designed by Mies in Baltimore. One Charles Center was the first. Highfield House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Danville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Danville near Pittsylvania County Virginia. It encompasses 3.5 acres (1.4 ha) and as of the end of 2005 it had 2282 interments. It is administered by Salisbury National Cemetery.
 The Château de La Palice is a castle developed into a château in the commune of Lapalisse in the Allier département of the Auvergne région of France.
 Logan Hospital is located at corner Armstrong and Loganlea Roads in Meadowbrook Queensland Australia. The hospital provides acute medical surgical rehabilitation maternity and other specialty services for children and adults.The hospital contains the Health Services library. Logan Hospital services intake patients who generally younger population and have culturally or linguistically diverse backgrounds.A large expansion project is underway.
 Runwell Hospital was a hospital in Essex operated by South Essex Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust until its final closure on 23 April 2010. From February 2008 until its closure Runwell Hospital provided solely forensic mental health services in line with the trust's reprovision programme.
 Fiksdal Church (Norwegian: Fiksdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Fiksdal in western Vestnes. The church is part of the Fiksdal parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1866 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 200 people.
 Sacred Heart Catholic Church and Rectory is a historic Roman Catholic church site at 102 Center Point Road in Wilburton Oklahoma.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Oregon Trail Ruts is a preserved site of wagon ruts of the Oregon Trail on the North Platte River about .5 miles south of Guernsey Wyoming. The Oregon Trail here was winding up towards South Pass. Wagon wheels draft animals and people wore down the trail about two to six feet into a sandstone ridge here during its heavy usage from 1841-1869.
 Dundrum Town Centre is the name of a shopping centre located in Dundrum Dublin Ireland. It is Ireland's largest shopping centre with over 169 tenants more than 80000 square metres of floor space and over 3400 car parking spaces. It is located just south of the town centre of Dundrum.
 Bauserman Farm also known as Kagey-Bauserman Farm is a historic farmstead located near Mount Jackson Shenandoah County Virginia. The main house was built about 1860 and is a two-story three-bay gable-roofed balloon-framed “I-house.” It has an integral rear ell wide front porch and handsome late-Victorian scroll-sawn wood decoration. Also on the property are the contributing chicken house (early 1800s) a privy (early 1800s) a two-story summer kitchen (ca. 1823) a frame granary (ca.
 The Old Middletown Post Office in Middletown Connecticut also known as the U.S. Post Office was built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982. The building is also on the NRHP as a contributing property of the Main Street Historic District.
 The Kate Mullany House was the home of Kate Mullany (1845–1906) an early female labor leader who started the all-women Collar Laundry Union in Troy New York in February 1864. It was one of the first women's unions that lasted longer than the resolution of a specific issue.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1998. It is now a National Historic Site.It is located at 350 8th Street in Troy just off NY 7 one empty lot east of the Collar City Bridge.
 HSBC Main Building (Chinese: 香港滙豐總行大廈) is a headquarters building of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation which is today a wholly owned subsidiary of London based HSBC Holdings. It is located along the southern side of Statue Square near the location of the old City Hall Hong Kong (built in 1869 demolished in 1933). The previous HSBC building was built in 1935 and pulled down to make way for the current building. The address remains as 1 Queen's Road Central.
 Kuo Yuan Ye (Chinese: 郭元益; pinyin: Guōyuányì) is a chain of pastry stores in Taiwan. Kuo Yuan Ye pastry is prepared with skills passed down through generations. In 1708 ancestors of the Kuo family left their native home in Fujian China crossed the Taiwan Strait and arrived in Taipei. In 1867 Kuo Liang-chen built a squat mudbrick shop in Shilin Taipei where he started a pastry business. In memory of his hometown ancestral hall he gave his store the same name “Yuan Ye”.
 Barracks Virginia Military Institute also known as Old Barracks is a historic building still in use on the campus of the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington Virginia. They were designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1848.The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 The Big Springs Ranger Station is a ranger station located in Kaibab National Forest near Big Springs Arizona. The ranger station was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1934. The complex includes a house an office building and a barn with an attached corral; while these are the only contributing structures to the district it also includes a number of outbuildings. U.S.
 The Jacob D. Cox House is a historic residence located on Gilman Avenue in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. An Italianate structure built in 1880 it was the home of prominent politician Jacob Dolson Cox. A native of Montréal in Lower Canada Cox settled in Ohio in the 1840s served in the Ohio Senate from 1859 to 1861 and later served as the United States Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration.
 The Atik Ali Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Gazi Atik Ali Paşa Camii) is an old Ottoman mosque located in the Çemberlitaş neighbourhood of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey. It was built by Grand Vizier Bosnalı Hadım Atik Ali Paşa in 1496 during the reign of Sultan Beyazıt II. The mosque is located near the entrance to the Kapalıçarşı (Grand Bazaar) Column of Constantine and the historical Nuruosmaniye Mosque.
 Frelinghuysen University Former Classroom Building also known as the Edwin P. Goodwin House is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Stonecrest is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1905 and is a two story stone and frame Shingle Style asymmetrical building. It features a gambrel roof pierced by variety of irregularly placed gables and dormers and a wraparound verandah. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The White House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the United States located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington D.C. It has been the residence of every U.S.
 Our Lady of Sorrows Chapel is located in La Crosse Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. Additionally it is a designated Historic Site by the City of La Crosse.
 Filene's Department Store is a historic department store building at 426 Washington Street in Downtown Crossing Boston Massachusetts that was home to the main Filene's store.
 Zion Lutheran Church is an LCMS (Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod) church in Longtown Missouri.
 District Jail Rawalpindi had been a prominent jail in Rawalpindi Pakistan located near District Courts of Rawalpindi city. The Jail was inherited by the Punjab Prisons Department besides 18 other Jails after independence. On 4 April 1979 the former President and Prime Minister of Pakistan Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto was hanged to death in this Jail. The buildings were soon demolished and the Jail land was converted into a public park.
 Faber Towers is a twin tower skyscraper in Taman Desa Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It is one of the earliest completed in the city.
 The Nathaniel Rust Mansion is a historic house at 83 County Street in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story colonial style house with First Period origins indicated in part by its asymmetrical front facade. The date of its construction is uncertain; the first record of the house is its sale by Deacon William Goodhue to Nathaniel Rust a tanner in 1665. It was for many years located on the South Green but was moved to its present location on County Street in 1837 by Asa Brown.
 St Peter's Church Finsthwaite is in the village of Finsthwaite Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Formerly part of the Leven Valley benefice together with St Anne Haverthwaite and St Mary Staveley-in-Cartmel it is now part of the Cartmel Peninsula Team Ministry. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Carlton Hotel is a luxury hotel located in the Central Coast of California city Atascadero. Construction began in 1928 with the hotel officially opening its doors in 1929. After several decades of local popularity and notoriety by the early 1980s the hotel had fallen into deep disrepair.
 Sancaktar Hayrettin Mosque (Turkish: Sancaktar Hayrettin Câmîi; also Sancaktar Hayrettin Mescidi where Mescit is the Turkish word for a small mosque or Sancaktar Mescidi) is part of a former Eastern Orthodox monastery converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. It is generally believed that the small building belonged to the Byzantine Monastery of Gastria (Greek: Μονῆ τῶν Γαστρίων Monē tōn Gastríōn meaning Monastery of the Vases).
 Catshuis has been the official residence of the prime minister (i.e. head of government) of the Kingdom of the Netherlands since 1963.It lies in the governmental seat The Hague on the road to Scheveningen and serves to receive official guests.
 Bethany Congregational Church or Bethany United Church of Christ is a church in West Terre Haute Indiana. Located in Vigo County Indiana the Gothic-style church is built of stone brick and limestone. The architect was Charles Padgett. Bethany Congregational Church was placed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 2003.
 The Joseph Fiery House is a historic home located at Clear Spring Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2-story three-bay limestone Germanic central-chimney house probably dating from the 1760s or 1770s with a 1 1⁄2-story log addition. The house stands on a 3.01-acre (12200 m2) tract with a small cluster of outbuildings. An unusual feature of the house is the absence of any openings at all on the rear elevation.
 Cesena Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Cesena Cattedrale di San Giovanni Battista) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint John the Baptist in the city of Cesena Italy. It has been the episcopal seat of the present Diocese of Cesena-Sarsina since 1986 and was previously that of the Diocese of Cesena.The building of the cathedral to replace an older one was authorised by a papal bull of Pope Urban VI in 1378.
 Cardiff Central Library (Welsh: Llyfrgell Ganolog Caerdydd) is the main library in the city centre of Cardiff Wales. Four buildings have been named as such with the newest building opening on 14 March 2009 and officially being opened a few months later on 18 June 2009 by the Manic Street Preachers. The first Cardiff library was opened in 1861 as the Cardiff Free Library later expanded and known as the Cardiff Free Library Museum and Schools for Science and Art.
 Pratt Historic Building is a historic building at 106 South Main Street in Cohasset Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 with private donations as the Paul Pratt Memorial Library to house the town's 7500-volume collection. The building was expanded in the 1960s and '70s. In 2003 the library moved to a new site on Ripley Road in the former Joseph Osgood Elementary School.The building now serves as the headquarters and main museum of the Cohasset Historical Society.
 Conklin House in Chandler Oklahoma was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Belz Great Synagogue (Hebrew: בעלזא בית המדרש הגדול Belz Bais HaMedrash HaGadol) is the largest synagogue in Israel. It was built by the Belz Hasidic community with financial help from its supporters and admirers around the world.
 The Albany Municipal Auditorium located in downtown Albany Georgia U.S. was built in 1915 to replace a wooden auditorium on the same site used for chautauqua programs. It was abandoned in 1972. Restoration began in 1986 and the building is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Municipal Auditorium.The auditorium is the home of the Albany Symphony Orchestra and hosts the Deerfield-Windsor School's annual all-student Spring Musical.
 Granada Centre is a shopping mall located in the eastern ring road highway (airport direction) between exit 8-9 Ghernata District in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. The Granada Centre occupies an area of 466000 square meters (m2).
 Innset Church (Norwegian: Innset kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Innset. The church is part of the Innset parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The church seats about 300 people. It was built in 2000 to replace the old church from 1642 that burned down in 1995. The new church was built in the same Baroque style as the old building and the exterior is very similar to the old.
 The Donau City Church (German: Donaucitykirche) known more formally by its dedication as Christus Hoffnung der Welt (Christ Hope of the World) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Vienna's 22nd district (Donau City or Donaustadt). The church is located next to the Vienna International Centre. Its architect is Heinz Tesar.
 Pollen Street Social is a restaurant in London England run by chef Jason Atherton. It was Atherton's first UK solo restaurant and was named the best new UK restaurant by the Good Food Guide and the best new fine-dining restaurant in London by Time Out. It currently holds one Michelin star which it gained within a year of opening. Elements in the restaurant such as the dessert bar have been subsequently included in Atherton's other restaurants.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral Bendigo is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sandhurst and seat of the Bishop of Sandhurst. The cathedral is located in the provincial city of Bendigo Victoria Australia.
 The IOOF Liberty Lodge No. 49 is a building built in 1923. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. Its design is Moderne architecture early 20th-century commercial. It was designed by architect Charles A. Smith. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St Gregory's by St Paul's was a parish church in the Castle Baynard ward of the City of London. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not replaced. It was built against the walls of St Paul's Cathedral.
 Swampscott Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 400 Essex Street in Swampscott Massachusetts. It is the town's only cemetery and was established in 1852 not long after the town's incorporation. About 20 acres (8.1 ha) of the cemetery's 30 hectares (74 acres) have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its historic portion is a representative of the rural cemetery movement that was popular in the 19th century with meandering lanes and natural landscaping.
 Buildings at 104-116 West Water St. are a set of historic commercial building located at Elmira in Chemung County New York. They include a 3-story four-bay building (114-116 W. Water); a 3 1⁄2-story 14-bay Second Empire style building built about 1870 (106-112 W. Water); and a 2-story five-bay Streamline Moderne building (104 W. Water). The building at 104 W. Water was built in 1934 as an S. S. Kresge variety store.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Lou Ellen Parmelee House located at 570 Archer St. in Monterey California is a historic Queen Anne style house. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The house was deemed significant as the best remaining example of Late Victorian Queen Anne high style residential design in Monterey and also for the craftsmanship of its interior and exterior finishes artistically.
 Goldthwaite Block is an historic block on 99-103 Main Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The block was built in 1892 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 The Musée des beaux-arts de Marseille is one of the main museums in the city of Marseille in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.It occupies a wing of the Palais Longchamp and displays a collection of paintings sculptures and drawings from the 16th to 19th centuries.
 The Masonic Widows and Orphans Home located in Louisville (St. Matthews) Kentucky is a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by the Grand Lodge of Kentucky to support the widows and orphans of Master Masons but now is open to all senior citizens.
 St Stephen's Church is an Anglican church in Bournemouth Dorset (formerly in Hampshire). The liturgical life of the Church is deeply rooted in a rich Anglo-Catholic tradition; the Church boasting a magnificent Lady Chapel celebrating Marian masses benediction and recitation of the Rosary for the Society of Mary. Devotion to Our Lady of Walsingham is also encouraged.
 The Auberge d'Aragon (Maltese: Berġa ta' Aragona) is one of the eight auberges built in Valletta Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It currently houses the Ministry for EU Affairs.
 St. Luke's General Hospital Kilkenny (also known as Carlow/Kilkenny General Hospital and Kilkenny District Hospital)(Irish: Ospidéal Ginearálta Naomh Lúcás Cill Chainnigh) is a public hospital located in Kilkenny Ireland. Founded in 1942 it is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute hospital services including a 24-hour emergency department for the population of County Kilkenny County Carlow and part of County Tipperary.
 Lombard Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an 88 foot cast iron span consisting of three lines of trusses—two outer trusses of composite cast and wrought iron in a diagonal Pratt design and a center composite bowstring truss of Pratt-system web.
 The Château de Castelnau-de-Lévis is a castle in the commune of Castelnau-de-Lévis in the Tarn département of France.The castel was built at the beginning of the thirteenth century by Gicard Alamon and called Castelnau de Bonnafonds. It was rebuilt by the Lévis in the fifteenth century when the seigneurie came into the possession of Hugues d' Amboise baron d'Aubijoux; the fief remained with his descendants until the seventeenth century.
 Abraham Wagener House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival style structure was built about 1833 and features a monumental proportioned temple portico with full pediment and wide entabulature supported by massive two story columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Christian Fellowship in Richmond is a church that meets at Halford House a Grade II listed building in Halford Road in the centre of Richmond south-west London.
 Asante Ashland Community Hospital is a hospital in Ashland Oregon United States. Founded in 1907 it is owned by Ashland Community Healthcare Services a not-for-profit organization. In 2012 it explored an affiliation with Dignity Health with the later stopping negotiations in October 2012 over some resistance to the plan.
 Fort Ward is a former Union Army installation now located in the city of Alexandria in the U.S. state of Virginia. It was the fifth largest fort built to defend Washington D.C. in the American Civil War. It is currently well-preserved with 90-95% of its earthen walls intact.
 Willows Shopping Centre is a sub-regional shopping centre located in Kirwan a suburb of Townsville Queensland. It is one of Townsville's largest shopping centers with a total of 130 retail stores. An Australian Breastfeeding Association five-star-rated parents' room is provided complete with children's play area as well as male female and disabled room facilities.
 The Gleneagles Hotel is a luxury hotel near Auchterarder Perth and Kinross Scotland.
 The Hotel Texas is a historic hotel located in downtown Fort Worth Texas. Designed by Sanguinet & Staats and Mauran Russell & Crowell with Westlake Construction Co. as the contractor it was constructed from 1920 to 1921. It is currently known as the Hilton Forth WorthOn November 21 1963 President and Mrs. John F. Kennedy stayed at the hotel in Room 850.
 Gertrud Rasch's Church (Danish Gertrud Rasks Kirke) is a white concrete Lutheran church in Qaqortoq the largest town in southern Greenland.
 The Dr. Richard Davis House also known as Woodside is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in the Shady Hills neighborhood just north of Marion Indiana in 1955. An addition was completed in 1960.
 The Harriet Phillips Bungalow is located on NY 23B on the western edge of Claverack New York United States. It is a stucco-sided frame building dating from the 1920s.A strong example of an American Craftsman Bungalow it is possible that the house may have been built as a catalog home sold—not by Sears—but by an Iowa company that preceded Sears in offering full kits that included materials and designs for such homes. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Burnham-Patch House is a historic house at 1 Turkey Shore Road in Ipswich Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Colonial stands on a plot of land purchased by Thomas Burnham in 1667 occupying a prominent position on Turkey Shore Road a historically important path to the coast. The house itself appears to have been built around 1730 with evidence that some of its beams were reused from an older 17th century structure.
 Otsdawa Baptist Church is a historic Free Will Baptist church on City Road 8 in Otsdawa Otsego County New York. It was built in 1840 and is a one story rectangular building three bays wide and three bays deep. The building is of wood frame construction with clapboard siding. It sits on a stone foundation with a gable roof in the Greek Revival style. The roof is surmounted by a two stage tower with a small spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Harpers Ferry Historic District comprises about one hundred historic structures in Harpers Ferry West Virginia. The historic district includes the portions of the central town not included in Harpers Ferry National Historical Park including large numbers of early 19th-century houses built by the United States Government for the Harpers Ferry Armory.
 Caumsett State Historic Park Preserve is on Lloyd Neck a peninsula extending into Long Island Sound in the village of Lloyd Harbor New York. Lloyd Neck was originally part of Queens County New York.Marshall Field III bought the property in 1921 and had an estate house built in 1925 one of the largest estates of the Gold Coast Mansions. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Kurth Brewery was located in Columbus Wisconsin and operated from 1859 to 1949. In 1914 it was producing about 100 barrels of beer a day making it one of the largest breweries in southern Wisconsin. A fire destroyed the malting buildings in 1916; however the hospitality bar remains today at the corner of Park Avenue and Farnham Street and is open Wednesday and Friday nights.
 Broad Street Methodist Episcopal Church South (Old Broad Street Methodist Episcopal Church South) is a historic church at 1323–1325 Broadway in Columbus Georgia.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Casa do Infante (Prince's House) also known as the Alfândega Velha (Old Customs House) is a historical house in the city of Oporto in Portugal. The house was originally built in the 14th century as customs and mint although its present condition derives mostly from a remodelling carried out in the 17th century. Its name derives from the tradition that it was in this house that Prince Henry the Navigator was born in 1394.
 The Ludwick Rudisel Tannery House also known as Motter Place is a historic home located at Taneytown Carroll County Maryland United States. The main block is constructed of brick on a fieldstone foundation five bays in length two deep with an original slate roof built about 1807. Attached is a two-story two-bay-long brick kitchen.
 The Luther Brannon House is a stone bungalow structure at 151 Oak Ridge Turnpike in Oak Ridge Tennessee where it is one of the few buildings remaining from before World War II.The house was built in 1941 by Owen Hackworth and just months later was acquired by the U.S. Army for the Manhattan Project. It was one of about 180 existing structures that were spared from demolition after the area was acquired for Manhattan Project production activities.
 The Musée Pierre-Jost (Pierre Jost Museum) is situated near the Ouvrage Hochwald one of the major fortifications of the Maginot Line in France near to the village of Drachenbronn in the commune of Drachenbronn-Birlenbach Alsace. It documents the story of the fortification before during and after World War II.
 The Thomas Nast Home also known as Villa Fontana was the home of Thomas Nast in Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. He was a German born editorial cartoonist whose drawings in Harpers Weekly contributed to the downfall of Tammany Hall.
 The Brandenburg Gate (German: Brandenburger Tor) is a former city gate rebuilt in the late 18th century as a neoclassical triumphal arch and now one of the most well-known landmarks of Germany.It is located in the western part of the city centre of Berlin at the junction of Unter den Linden and Ebertstraße immediately west of the Pariser Platz. One block to the north stands the Reichstag building.
 Church of Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos (Serbian: Црква Рођења Пресвете Богородице) is a Serbian Orthodox church in the village of Novaci Serbia. It was built in 1857 and is dedicated to the Nativity of The Most Holy Theotokos (Virgin Mary).
 The Talatal Ghar (Assamese: তলাতল ঘৰ [tɔlatɔl ɡʱɔɹ]) is located in Rangpur 4 km from present-day Sivasagar in Upper Assam. Of all Ahom ruins it is one of the grandest examples of Ahom architecture. The Talatal Ghar together with its above-ground counterpart the Kareng Ghar is also the largest of all Ahom monuments.
 Buckingham Female Collegiate Institute Historic District is a historic school complex and national historic district located at Gravel Hill Buckingham County Virginia. It encompasses five contributing buildings associated with the Institute which operated from 1837 to 1863. They are of brick and frame construction and are the President's House (c. 1852-1853) the Henry James Brown House the John S. West store / dwelling the Institute Tavern (c. 1850) and the Cobb-West-England House (c.
 Salem Welsh Church or Salem Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Freedom in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a Greek Revival style church building constructed 1854-1855. It was built as the Calvinistic Methodist Church by the Welsh settlers who migrated to this area from Herkimer and Oneida Counties in the 1840s and 1850s.
 The Tiverton Museum of Mid Devon Life is a local history museum in Tiverton Devon England to the southwest of Gotham House. It features various exhibits relating to the social and economic history of the Mid Devon region one of the most popular being a steam locomotive known as the Tivvy Bumper. Founded in 1960 and initially located in rooms in a local pub the museum is now housed in a Grade II listed former National School.
 San Piero a Grado (Italian: Basilica di San Piero Apostolo) is a church in Pisa Tuscany Italy in the eponymous frazione 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) west of the city center. The church is located where once was a now disappeared port of the Pisan Republic where according to the legend St. Peter landed in Italy from Antiochia in 44 AD.
 Hotel d'Angleterre is one of the first deluxe hotels in the world. Situated in the heart of Copenhagen Denmark it is located on Kongens Nytorv opposite Charlottenborg the Royal Opera and Nyhavn. While its history dates back to 1755 it has been in its current building since a fire in 1795 damaged the previous building beyond repair. Between 1872 and 1875 the building was significantly extended and refurbished by the architects Vilhelm Dahlerup and Georg E.W.
 Daffin House is a historic home located at Hillsboro Caroline County Maryland United States. It is a large 2½-story brick structure built about 1780. Attached is a two-part 1½-story Flemish bond brick wing built about 1760 with a dormered gable roof. It was constructed by Charles Daffin who received a patent for the land in 1784 under the name of Daffin’s Farm.Daffin House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Alexander Marsh House is a historic house at 57 Elm Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival cottage was built in 1848 by Levi Lincoln Jr. and is a well-preserved and relatively unaltered instance of what was then a widely popular form. The house has a typical side hall plan with an entry framed by sidelight windows with full-length windows to the entry's right. The front-facing gable end is fully pedimented and the porch is supported by fluted Doric columns.
 The George N. Cretekos (Sponge Diving Boat) (also known as the Samarkos Bros. or St. Michael or Pastrikos) is a historic site in Tarpon Springs Florida. It is located at the Tarpon Springs Sponge Docks at Dodecanese Boulevard. On August 3 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Alexander Young Building was a building in Honolulu Hawaii built during 1900-1903 by Alexander Young (1833–1910) a Honolulu mechanical engineer and businessman from Scotland.
 Westfall Place is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built about 1860 and is a two story brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It features a temple form entrance portico.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Pasha's Mosque (Montenegrin: Pašina džamija Пашина џамија; Albanian: Xhamia e Pashës) is one of six mosques in the city of Ulcinj. It was built by citizens of Ulcinj using goods from captured Venetian ships following an attack on Ulcinj by the Republic of Venice. The mosque was built in honour of admiral Kılıç Ali Paşa. This mosque also has a hamam built before the mosque was completed. This hamam is the only hamam in Montenegro. The Friday khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language.
 Grand Hyatt Goa is a five-star luxury hotel located by Bambolim Bay in Goa India. Designed in 1990 the construction of the hotel was started initially in 1995 by the Dynamix Group and thereafter on the formation of DB Group. Work was suspended in between for a few years due to a crisis in the real estate sector all over the country. During end 2005 the work was recommenced so as to complete the Project.
 Elkton Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. It was constructed in 1915 and is a two-story brick structure with full basement faced with light gray granite with a narrower one-story drill hall attached. Its design imitates a castle with corner towers flanking two-story curtain walls with irregular window placement.
 The Thomas N. Wheeler Farm is located on Indian Lake Road (Dutchess County Route 61) in the Town of North East New York United States south of the village of Millerton. It is a frame house built at the beginning of the 19th century in the Federal style.It is one of the earliest surviving intact farmsteads in the Coleman Station Historic District.
 Saint James Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Milwaukee. It is a member of the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS).
 Indian Mission Church is a historic Methodist church located in Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1921 and is a one-story wood frame building covered with clapboard siding and in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a two-story hipped roof tower and lancet windows.
 The Church of St. John the Martyr is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 250 East 72nd Street Manhattan New York City. The church is located at 250 East 72nd Street Upper East Side Manhattan New York City New York.
 The Joseph W. Bettendorf House located at 1821 Sunset Drive Bettendorf Iowa is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built as a private home the building now houses a private school named Rivermont Collegiate.
 The Arthur W. and Chloe B. Cole House also known as The Octagon House and Cole's Castle is an historic octagonal house located at 5803 Rocky Branch Road in Houston Missouri. Construction began in 1898 and was finished in 1901. Its walls are of poured concrete.On December 10 1998 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Holy Trinity Church (Armenian: Ս. Երրորդութիւն ; Sourp Yerrortutyun also called Zvartnots Arabic: كنيسة الفرح‎) is an Armenian Catholic church in Meydan quarter of Aleppo Syria. The consecration of the church took place in 1965 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide and was restored in 1990. Its structure resembles the one of Zvartnots in Armenia.
 Whitestown Town Hall also known as Liberty Hall is a historic town hall building located at Whitesboro in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1807 and is a two story brick structure situated on the village green. It features four two story pilasters which are terminated at the top by a simple wood cornice.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Liberty Hall is a historic building located at Quakertown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1772 as the first permanent residence in Quakertown. It is a two-story 15 feet by 15 feet building with one room per floor. It is constructed of native fieldstone and has a half gambrel roof. It represents simple colonial Quaker construction.The Liberty Bell is purported to have been hidden on the property overnight on its way to Allentown PA.
 Enfield Falls Mill and Miller's House also known as Treman House and Mill is a historic grist mill and former millowner's residence located at Robert H. Treman State Park near Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. The mill is a 2 1⁄2-story frame structure over a stone foundation. It is a turbine powered mill constructed in 1839. The mill has three runs of stones: one for griding buckwheat one for grinding wheat and a third for grinding courser grain. The mill ceased operation in 1917.
 The Calderdale Royal Hospital is a hospital situated in the English town of Halifax. It is located in the suburb of Salterhebble and provides general services emergency services and some specialist services.It was opened to patients in April 2001 and was officially opened by HRH Princess Anne on 15 March 2004. It was one of the first hospitals in the UK to be built under the Private Finance Initiative.
 The Cedar Creek Bridge in Petit Jean State Park Arkansas was built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The LeMoyne Crematory was the first crematory in the United States. Francis Julius LeMoyne had it built in 1876 on his own land perched atop a location known locally as Gallow's Hill in the Pittsburgh area township of North Franklin a bedroom community of nearby Washington Pennsylvania. The first cremation took place on December 6 1876. LeMoyne believed that cremation was a more sanitary way to dispose of bodies preventing the contamination of drinking water.
 Schuyler Mansion is a historic house at 32 Catherine Street in Albany New York United States. The brick mansion is now a museum and an official National Historic Landmark. It was constructed from 1761 to 1762 for Philip Schuyler later a general in the Continental Army and early U.S. Senator who resided there from 1763 until his death in 1804. It was declared a National Historic Landmark on December 24 1967.
 203 East 29th Street is a historic house and carriage house located between Second and Third Avenues in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan New York City one of a small number of wooden houses that remain on Manhattan Island. The year the house was built is uncertain having been variously dated from as early as around 1790 to as late as 1870.The house which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 8 1982 is privately owned and not open to the public.
 Westfield Galleria at Roseville (formerly called Galleria at Roseville) is an upscale shopping mall in Roseville California United States. Owned by the Westfield Group it is located at the corner of Galleria Boulevard and Roseville Parkway at the junction of State Route 65 and Interstate 80.
 Norman Vale also known as the Nott House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It is a three-part home comprising a 2 1⁄2-story center section with a steeply pitched roof flanked by 1 1⁄2-story wings. It was built about 1790 and owned by members of the Nott family until 1977. In the 1930s the house was remodeled in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Old Urban Cemetery also known as Cementerio Municipal in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1813. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Cathedral of St. John in Providence Rhode Island is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island of The Episcopal Church. The cathedral is located at 271 North Main Street Providence Rhode Island 02903.
 The settlement of Fort Maurepas or Old Biloxiin colonial French Louisiana (New France) began in April 1699 along the Gulf of Mexico (at present-day Ocean Springs MS).Fort Maurepas was the capital of Louisiana (in New France) in 1719 when the capital was being moved from Mobile (in present-day Alabama) while government buildings at New Orleans were still under construction.The fort had been completed on May 1 1699 under direction of French explorer Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville who soon sailed for France on May 4. 
 The Midland Continental Overpass near Jamestown North Dakota is a steel cantilever beam bridge that was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.According to its nomination the bridge is significant for its association with efforts to modernize and improve North Dakota's roadway system during the New Deal era including the state's first large-scale program of railroad-highway grade separation construction. The overpass is also eligible ...
 The Sheraton Gunter Hotel is a historic hotel in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA built in 1909 and designed by St. Louis architect John Mauran. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Loren Andrus Octagon House also known as Washington Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 57500 Van Dyke Street just north of 26 Mile Road in Washington Township Macomb County Michigan. It was built in 1860 by David Stewart for his brother-in-law Loren Andrus.
 Chi Ming Palace (Chinese: 啟明堂; pinyin: Qǐmíng Táng) is a palace located on Lotus Lake in Zuoying District Kaohsiung Taiwan.Also called Southeast of Dili Que hall Chi Ming palace is the most spectacular temple by Lotus Lake. Located in the west and facing the east. In 1628 Qing army occupied Taiwan to promote Confucianism culture and education; hence magistrate Yang Fang Sheng had set up “Confucian Temple” at Zuoying and built “Minglun hall” at left side.
 The Wells Fargo Plaza is a high-rise skyscraper located on 100 West Washington Street in Downtown Phoenix Arizona United States. It opened as the First National Bank Plaza on October 25 1971 and was later known as the First Interstate Bank Building. It is 372 feet (113 m) tall. It is designed in the Brutalist style an architectural style spawned from the International Style.
 Cooper Green Mercy Hospital is a 319-bed general-care hospital in Birmingham Alabama. It is owned by Jefferson County Alabama and operated by the Jefferson Health System. It first opened as Mercy Hospital in 1972 and was renamed for former Birmingham mayor Cooper Green three years later. It is located at 1515 6th Avenue South adjacent to UAB Hospital on Birmingham's Southside.
 Newstead Abbey in Nottinghamshire England was formerly an Augustinian priory. Converted to a domestic home following the Dissolution of the Monasteries it is now best known as the ancestral home of Lord Byron.
 The Church of the Ascension is an Episcopal church in the Diocese of New York located at 36-38 Fifth Avenue and Tenth Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. From an austere beginning as a bastion of the evangelical movement it has become internationally known for its art music and liturgy.
 The Hugo Municipal Pool in Hugo Colorado was built during 1936-38. It is located at the junction of US 287 and 6th Ave. Its building was designed by Lloyd E. Heggenberger and built by the Works Progress Administration in what has come to be known as WPA Moderne style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.Heggenberger also designed the Burlington Gymnasium at 450 11th St. in Burlington Colorado which is also NRHP-listed.
 The William Saunders House is an historic house at 6 Prentiss Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built by housewright William Saunders for his son also named William. Originally located on Massachusetts Avenue it was moved to its present location in 1926. The house has four monumental Doric pilasters.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is now operated as the Mary Prentiss Inn.
 Rosendale Common School also known as Niskayuna Grange Hall No. 1542 is a historic school building located in the vicinity of Niskayuna in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-five-bay timber-frame building on a limestone foundation. It has a steeply pitched gable roof and a one-story shed-roof addition from the 1960s.
 Barrow Neurological Institute (BNI) was founded in 1961 and is the world's largest neurological disease treatment and research institution. The main campus is located at 310 W. Thomas Road Phoenix Arizona.
 Alonzo Foringer House and Studio is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1897 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 St Andrew's Church Sapiston is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Sapiston Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at the end of a track to the south of the village adjacent to Grange Farm and near to a ford crossing the Black Bourne stream. The church served what became a deserted medieval village
 Williston-West Church and Parish House is an historic church and house at 32 Thomas Street in the West End neighborhood of Portland Maine United States.It was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The congregation is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
 Martyred Intellectuals Memorial (Bengali: বুদ্ধিজীবি স্মৃতি সৌধ) is a memorial built in memory of the martyred intellectuals of Bangladesh Liberation War. The memorial located at Rayerbazar Mohammadpur Thana in Dhaka was designed by architect Farid U Ahmed and Jami Al Shafi.
 Fulton County Jail originally known as the Tryon County Jail is a historic jail complex located at Johnstown in Fulton County New York. The original section was built in 1772-1773 and is a simple five bays wide two bays deep stone building with a medium pitched gable roof. The complex consists of the original jail with additions to form a two story L shaped building with a large brick wing attached to the original section and a smaller brick wing to the west.
 The Samuel Parker House is a historic house at 132 West Street in Reading Massachusetts. The front gambrel-roofed portion of this house was probably built in the mid-1790s and the house as a whole reflects a vernacular Georgian-Federal style. The house is noted for a succession of working-class owners (of which Samuel Parker a cooper was one).
 Air de Paris is a contemporary art gallery owned and directed by Florence Bonnefous and Edouard Merino.
 Samson Fried Estate also known as Birch Hill is a historic estate located at Severance in Essex County New York. The estate has a Shingle Style main house built as a summer residence in 1902 and nine contributing outbuildings. The main house is a large two story rambling roughly L shaped frame residence. It features hipped- and shed-roof dormers four massive stone chimneys second floor balconies and a third story widow's walk.
 The Woman's Club of Tallahassee is a historic woman's club in Tallahassee Florida. It is located at 1513 Cristobal Drive. On November 18 1987 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museum of Coastal Carolina is a Natural History museum located at Ocean Isle Beach in Brunswick County North Carolina. The Board of Trustees of the Ocean Isle Museum Foundation Inc. is the governing body of the Ingram Planetarium as well as the Museum of Coastal Carolina.
 Bell-Varner House is a historic home located at Leitersburg Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay brick dwelling with a two-story four-bay rear wing built in 1851 It features a partially enclosed double porch and slate roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Kingwood Center is a historic 47-acre (190000 m2) site with a house gardens and greenhouses located at 900 Park Avenue West in Mansfield Ohio. The house and grounds were built in 1926 for Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kelley King with grounds designed by Cleveland landscape architecture firm Pitkin and Mott. On November 7 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Munroe Tavern located at 1332 Massachusetts Avenue Lexington Massachusetts is an American Revolutionary War site that played a prominent role in the Battle of Lexington and Concord. It is now preserved and operated as a museum by the Lexington Historical Society with exhibits highlighting the role and perspective of the British soldiers during the outbreak of the war.
 The Miller–Davis Law Buildings known commonly as the Miller Davis Building are located on Main and Front Street in the McLean County Illinois city of Bloomington. The law offices served future Supreme Court Justice David Davis and future Illinois State Senator Asahel Gridley. The buildings became a gathering place for local lawyers such as Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas.
 The Burlington County Prison operated from 1811 through 1965 in Mount holly Township Burlington County New Jersey United States. It was designed with prisoner rehabilitation in mind. The motto over the door Justive Which While it Punishes Would Endeavor to Reform the Offender was chosen by Robert Mills. The Burlington County Prison operated from 1811 through 1965.
 The Church of the Incarnation built in 1896 is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church building located at 111 North 5th Street in Highlands Macon County North Carolina. The Rev. John A. Deal the first Episcopal missioner in Macon County was responsible for founding the Church of the Incarnation as well Saint Agnes Episcopal Church in Franklin the county seat. In 2002 a new sanctuary was built on the property and the 1896 building became the chapel.
 Epworth Hall is a historic building in Gainesville Florida United States. It is notable as one of the oldest surviving buildings associated with the University of Florida though it is no longer part of the university's campus. It was erected in 1884 and is located at 419 Northeast 1st Street in downtown Gainesville. Now part of the First United Methodist Church it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on July 25 1973.
 The Charlton-King-Vandam Historic District is a small historic district located in the South Village area of the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 Selsdon Park Hotel a luxury hotel located in Selsdon London England. It is housed in a country house which was for much of the 19th century the seat of the Bishops of Rochester although the building has since that time been greatly expanded.
 The Little Church of the West is a wedding chapel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. Built of California redwood it was intended to be a replica of a typical pioneer town church. It is the oldest building on the Strip.
 H.M. Gaol Hobart or Campbell Street Gaol a former Australian maximum security prison for males and females was located in Hobart Tasmania. Built by convict labour the gaol operated between 1821 until the early 1960s. In 1961 male inmates were transferred to the H.M.
 The Brown County Courthouse located in Green Bay Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its artistic and architectural significance in 1976. The courthouse is a waypoint on the Packers Heritage Trail.
 St Michael's Church Burgh by Sands is in the village of Burgh by Sands Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Andrew Aikton St Mary Kirkandrews-on-Eden with Beaumont and St Peter Kirkbampton. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Nøstvik Church (also known as Velfjord Church) (Norwegian: Nøstvik kirke or Velfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the west side of Hommelstø in Velfjord. The church is part of the Velfjord og Tosen parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1674 and it seats about 270 people.
 The National Museum of the Philippines is the official repository established in 1901 as a natural history and ethnography museum of the Philippines. The museum complex is located next to Rizal Park and near Intramuros in Manila.
 The Château de Gaussan is a castle much altered in the 19th century in the commune of Bizanet in the Aude département of France.The castle dates originally from the 14th century. It is particularly noted for the east and south façades and their corresponding roofs the staircase the interior decor of the library and the great hall of the corps de logis as well as the 19th century chapel and 14th century lower hall.The Château de Gaussan is privately owned.
 John Lewden House is a historic home located at Christiana New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1770 and is a two story five bay single pile brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a center hall plan and the interior features original woodwork in the parlor and hall. Also on the property is a contributing two-story brick carriage shed (c. 1800).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 First National Bank of Commerce Building located at 210 Baronne Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 19-story 252-foot (77 m)-tall skyscraper.Currently the building is slated to be home of the Kailas Tower condominium and apartment development by New Orleans developer Mohan Kailas.
 Union Congregational Church is an historic Congregational church on West Brittania and Rockland Streets in Taunton Massachusetts.The Stick/Eastlake style church was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Fast Eddie's is a burger franchise started in Brantford Ontario Canada in 1987 and focused on drive through and walk up service only. Currently Fast Eddie's operates in five Ontario cities with eight different locations and serves a variety of typical fast food with notable relatively unique items like the Crazy Fry.
 1 Princes Dock (also known as Liverpool City Lofts) is a 22-storey residential complex located alongside Princes Dock Liverpool England. It was topped off in 2006 and at 73 m (240 ft) is the city's joint tenth tallest building. The building is home to 162 flats and 99 parking spaces. 1 Princes Dock was first proposed in 2003 and was quickly approved with construction commencing in the next year the building was designed by AFL Architects and developed by City Lofts Group PLC.
 Hottenstein Mansion also known as Huddestystettle is a historic home located in Maxatawny Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1783 and is a 2 1/2-story limestone dwelling with red sandstone accents in the Georgian style. A rear kitchen addition dates to the mid-19th century. It has a high-pitched gable roof and features a small portico supported by Doric order columns and pilasters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Albany Georgia was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 The Dr. Ambrose Pratt House is a grand house of magnificent proportions in Chester Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It was built in Federal style in 1820.Its mantel was created by Samuel Sillman.The listing was for an area of 3 acres (1.2 ha) with just one contributing building.The listing is described in its NRHP nomination document.
 St. Vincent Medical Center (SVMC) is a hospital in Los Angeles California.
 Laurel Homes Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places on May 19 1987. It contained 29 contributing buildings.All but three of the historic low-income public housing projects was razed between 2000-02 to make way for new condominiums.
 Hills Dales and The Vinyard is a historic home located at Keedysville Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story late 18th century log house with an early 19th-century stone addition. The property also includes stone retaining walls stone fences a stone bank barn foundation and a late 19th-century timber framed corn crib.Hills Dales and The Vinyard was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Rijksmuseum (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrɛi̯ksmyˌzeːjʏm]; English: State Museum) is a Dutch national museum dedicated to arts and history in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. The museum is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South close to the Van Gogh Museum the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam and the Concertgebouw.The Rijksmuseum was founded in The Hague in 1800 and moved to Amsterdam in 1808 where it was first located in the Royal Palace and later in the Trippenhuis.
 The Church of St Teilo is the parish church of Llantilio Crossenny Monmouthshire Wales. An unusually grand cruciform church with an Early English tower crossed by a Decorated chancel it was designated a Grade I listed building on 19 November 1953The church is dedicated to Saint Teilo.
 Santa María la Coronada Church is a parish church in the town of San Roque in the Province of Cádiz Spain.
 Sharon Lodge No. 28 IOOF is a historic Independent Order of Odd Fellows clubhouse located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was designed and built in 1897 by noted West Virginia architect H. Rus Warne (1872-1954). It is a five-story masonry building in an eclectic Romanesque Revival style. It features a deep Chateauesque hip roof fronted by two stepped gable parapets.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Erland Lee Museum is a National Historic Site of Canada located on the ridge of the Niagara Escarpment in Stoney Creek Ontario. Originally a farmhouse belonging to Erland and Janet Lee the museum is recognized as the birthplace of the first Women's Institutes an international organization formed in 1897 to promote the education of isolated rural women.The oldest part of the home a log cabin dates to 1808.
 The Gov.
 The Seaboard Air Line Lounge Car-6603 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Boca Raton Florida. It is located at 747 South Dixie Highway off U.S. 1 part of the restored Florida East Coast Railway Passenger Station. On April 5 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built the Budd Company in 1947.
 Cathedral of St. Raymond Nonnatus is a Catholic cathedral in Joliet Illinois United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Joliet.
 Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Colonia Yap Federated States of Micronesia. It is the seat of the Diocese of Caroline Islands.
 Elmwood is a historic 19th century estate at 16311 Kendle Road northeast of Williamsport in Washington County Maryland. The elegant Greek Revival estate house was built in 1855 by James Downey a canal merchant. The 6-acre (2.4 ha) remnant of Downey's estate includes a 19th century barn milking barn and hog barn.The estate was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The J.W. Garner Building at 222-224 E. 2nd St. in Ottumwa Iowa United States was built in 1911. It was a work of architect George M. Kerns. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Farmers and Merchants Bank also known as Geneva Savings Bank is a historic bank building located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. It was constructed in 1914–1915 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay brick building with a cast stone facade.
 The present Nizamat Imambara was built in 1847 AD by Nawab Nazim Mansur Ali Khan who succeeded his father Nawab Nazim Humayun Jah in Murshidabad India. It was built after the old Imambara built by Nawab Siraj ud-Daulah was destroyed by the the fires of 1842 and 1846. This Imambara is the largest one in India and Bengal.
 Slows Bar BQ is a barbecue restaurant in Detroit Michigan. The chef is Brian Perrone and the restaurant is owned by the Cooley family. The restaurant appeared on Adam Richman's Man vs. Food and the Yardbird a pulled chicken sandwich from the restaurant competed in the first season of Adam Richman's Best Sandwich in America.
 The Racquet Club of Philadelphia (RCOP) is a private social club and athletic club in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It has facilities for squash real tennis and racquets.Established in 1889 the club started its life in a modest facility at 923 Walnut Street. Under the leadership of George D. Widener the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by noted architect Horace Trumbauer.
 Evangelical and Reformed Church is a historic church at the junction of Grand and Ohio Streets in Vermilion Ohio.The church building was constructed in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The church is now affiliated with the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference.
 Northgate Centre is a shopping mall located in the northern part of Edmonton Alberta. It currently contains more than 70 stores and services. Its anchor tenants are Safeway Future Shop and Walmart as well as a major outlet of the Service Canada government office.
 Auberge is a former restaurant located in Amsterdam Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1980 and 1981.Head chef of Auberge was John Halvemaan.John Halvemaan and his wife Esther (as restaurant-manager) opened the restaurant in 1976. It was closed down in 1981 due to problems with the rent.
 The Bank of Bigheart is a historic commercial building in the town of Barnsdall Oklahoma.
 The Museum of Korean Culture is located on Concourse 4F Incheon International Airport Incheon South Korea. It houses artifacts and art of cultural significance to Korea. The museum also displays a Korean bell and pagoda.
 The Marion Steam Shovel also known as the Le Roy Steam Shovel is a historic Model 91 steam shovel manufactured by the Marion Steam Shovel and Dredge Company of Marion Ohio.
 Future International (simplified Chinese: 未来国际; traditional Chinese: 未來國際; pinyin: Wèilái Guójì) is a 54-floor 236 meter (774 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2007 located in Chongqing China.
 Salinas Valley State Prison (SVSP) is a 300-acre (120 ha) Californian state prison located 5 miles north of Soledad in Monterey County California.The prison consists of five facilities: A B C D and M. Of the five Facility A houses Sensitive Needs Yard (SNY) inmates. The surrounding housing units hold level-4 and level-3 inmates the two highest security rankings.
 First Evangelical Church (First Evangelical Lutheran Church) is a historic Lutheran church at 1311 Holman Street in Houston Texas. It is part of the (North American Lutheran Church).The current church building was constructed in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 C. W. Miller House also known as the Mary Baldwin College Music Building is a historic home located on the campus of Mary Baldwin College at Staunton Virginia. It was built in 1899-1900 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick and stone building in a Châteauesque / Romanesque Revival style. It features four decorated brick chimneys with elaborately corbelled caps a one-story wraparound porch and a three-story round tower at the corner of the house.
 Stonum also called Stoneham or the George Read House was the home of George Read a signer of the Declaration of Independence. His advocacy enabled Delaware to become the first state ratifying the declaration. The house is located in New Castle Delaware and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.The house was built beginning circa 1730 with what is now the kitchen. The front portion of the house was added before 1769. The house is 2-1/2 stories with an L-shaped plan.
 Androscoggin County Courthouse and Jail is an historic building on 2 Turner Street in Auburn Maine.The Court was built in 1857 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Skrolsvik Chapell (Norwegian: Skrolsvik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Skrollsvika. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1924 and it seats about 170 people.
 Milton Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 211 Centre Street in Milton Massachusetts.It was founded in 1672 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. Among those interred in the cemetery are: James A. Burke United States Representative from Massachusetts Elbie Fletcher Major League Baseball player Edward A.
 The Colonel Micah Whitmarsh House is an historic house at 294 Main Street in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The house was built in 1767 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Westfield Albany is a new shopping centre of the Westfield Group in Albany New Zealand opposite the Albany Lakes Civic Park. Once the last sections opened in April 2008 at 7 ha (70000 m²) of indoor space (4.9 ha retail [49000 m²] and 2.1 ha [21000 m²] offices) it became the largest shopping centre in New Zealand eclipsing even recently opened Sylvia Park and costing around NZ$ 210 million to construct.
 The Sé Catedral de Santa Catarina known as Se Cathedral is the cathedral of the Latin Rite Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Goa and Daman and the seat of the Patriarch of the East Indies. Located in Old Goa India the largest church in India[citation needed] is dedicated to Catherine of Alexandria. It is one of the oldest and most celebrated religious buildings in Goa and is one of the largest churches in Asia.
 Sutter Medical Center Sacramento is a medical center in Sacramento California. It is owned and operated by Sutter Health a Northern California not-for-profit health system. Sutter Medical Center Sacramento offers both community based and tertiary medical services. Sutter Medical Center Sacramento (SMCS) has two acute care hospital campuses Sutter General and Sutter Memorial and has provided health care to residents of Sacramento since 1923.
 Garstad Church (Norwegian: Garstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Garstad on the island of Mellom-Vikna. The church is part of the Vikna parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1856 and it seats about 320 people.
 Littlepage Stone Mansion also known as The Old Stone Mansion is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was constructed in 1845 is one of only six houses within the City of Charleston that date to before the American Civil War. It was originally constructed as a two-story Federal style residence with additions and improvements made in 1915 and 1936.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Grasmere is a national historic district and estate located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It consists of 12 contributing buildings and four contributing structures. The main house was originally built about 1824 and expanded about 1861 and in 1907-1908. The original house was built on the ruins of General Richard Montgomery's (1738 – 1775) c. 1775 manor house destroyed by fire in 1823. It is a three story brick dwelling with restrainted classically inspired design.
 The Cathedral of The Isles and Collegiate Church of the Holy Spirit is a cathedral of the Scottish Episcopal Church in the town of Millport on the Isle of Cumbrae. It is one of the two cathedrals of the Diocese of Argyll and the Isles the other being St John's Cathedral in Oban. The ordinary of the diocese is the Right Reverend Kevin Pearson
 Excelsior Public School is a former school building in Excelsior Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The school was built in the Georgian Revival style between 1899 and 1901 to serve Excelsior during a time of growth in the community. Before this building was built two other school buildings were located on the site.
 The Civil Courts Building is a landmark court building used by the 22nd Judicial Circuit Court of Missouri in St.
 The Leopold in Bellingham Washington was built in 1889 and originally named the Byron Hotel after its owner Captain H.C. Byron. Byron owned the hotel until 1910 when Leopold F. Schmidt (founder of the Olympia Brewing Company and owner of the Bellingham Bay Brewery) purchased the Byron for $100000.
 The Samuel Chase House is a historic First Period house at 154 Main Street in West Newbury Massachusetts. Built c. 1715 it is a rare example of a brick house built during the transition between First Period and Georgian styling and construction methods. The brick is laid in English bond and the building is seven bays wide and two stories high.
 The Exchange is a historic home located at La Plata Charles County Maryland United States. It is a narrow one-story two-bay gambrel-roofed frame house built about 1778 for a family of moderate economic means. Among its most notable features is its interior woodwork. Also on the property is a small late-18th century frame tobacco house a 20th-century frame garage well house and a swimming pool.The Exchange was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Anson Grange No. 88 in North Anson Maine is a Greek Revival building built in 1849. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Bowie Railroad Buildings comprise three small frame structures which served as the depot complex for the Pennsylvania Railroad at the junction of the Washington (Amtrak/MARC Train) and the Pope's Creek branches. The complex is located at Bowie in Prince George's County Maryland.
 The Departmental archives of Doubs (French: Archives départementales du Doubs) is a French administrative building dependent of the general council of Doubs charged with collecting records and archives keeping them and making them available for the public. The Departmental archives of Doubs is located in the area of Planoise in Besançon (Doubs Franche-Comté).
 Our Lady Help of Christians Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Portico area of Prescot Merseyside. It was founded in 1790 by the Society of Jesus.
 Twentieth Century Club of Lansdowne is a historic club building located at Lansdowne Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1911 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular stone and brick building measuring 43 feet 10 inches by 95 feet 6 inches. It has a small rear wing slate pyramid-shaped roof with two projecting front gables and a large articulated chimney.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada that is dedicated to Franco-Manitoban culture and history. It is located in the oldest building in Winnipeg a former convent run by the Grey Sisters. Begun in 1846 and finished in 1851 the former nunnery has been an orphanage a school a seniors' home and was the first incarnation of the St. Boniface Hospital. The museum contains many Franco-Manitoban and Métis artifacts.
 The Germania Life Insurance Company Building is located in New York City. The building was built in 1910 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 25 2001.
 Westwood is an historic home located at 3425 Kingston Pike at the edge of the Sequoyah Hills area of Knoxville Tennessee. Also known as the Adelia Armstrong Lutz House the house was built in 1890 by John Lutz and his wife artist Adelia Armstrong Lutz on land given to them by Adelia's father Robert H. Armstrong.
 Storer House is a Frank Lloyd Wright house in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles built in 1923. The structure is noteworthy as one of the four so-called Mayan Revival style textile-block houses built by Wright in the Los Angeles area from 1922 to 1924.
 Bridge in Metal Township also known as Keggereis Ford Bridge is a historic multi-span concrete arch bridge located at Metal Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It is a 105-foot-long (32 m) bridge with three spans the longest of which measures 45 feet (14 m) long. It was constructed in 1907. It carries Stone Bridge Road (State Route 4006) over the West Branch Conococheague Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Vestal Central School also known as Central Junior High School is a historic school building located at Vestal in Broome County New York. It was built in 1939 and is a large three to four story modified U shaped structure. It is built of variegated brick over cinder block with a steel frame and a reinforced concrete foundation. The interior features a number of Art Deco style details. Also on the property is the original bus garage built in 1950.
 W.H. Smith Hardware Company Building also known as the Oil and Gas Museum of the Oil Gas and Industrial Historical Association is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1899 on the foundation of a building built about 1874. It is a four-story masonry building with Romanesque Revival architectural details. The rectangular building measure 60 feet by 120 feet with an 18 feet by 12 feet outcrop. It housed the W.H.
 The Joseph Richardson House is an historic house at 685 Chockalog Road in Uxbridge Massachusetts. One of Uxbridge's wealthiest citizens and largest landowners Joseph Richardson Jr lived in this house. He was a farmer and landowner as well as Selectman of the town. His father was a captain in the French and Indian War. Richardson died of smallpox in 1825 at the age of 41.
 Slot Teylingen is a Dutch castle in the municipality of Teylingen in Voorhout near the border with Sassenheim. It is presumably the family keep of the noble family Van Teylingen from which the Van Brederode family directly descended.The castle was originally built to protect the north-south route in Hollandic territory.
 The Wellington Piano Case Company Building is an historic building at 54 Green Street in Leominster Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1895 by Frank E. Wellington who manufactured piano cases for upright and grand pianos. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The Wellington Piano Company was once a subsidiary the Cable Piano Company.
 The Red River Bridge was a truss bridge crossing the Red River at Garland Arkansas. It carried vehicular traffic from 1931 to 1990 and has since been demolished.The southwest corner of Arkansas was cut off from the rest of the state by the Red River which was crossed only by ferries until the twentieth century. The bridge at Garland was designed by state highway engineer Ira G.
 Holy Trinity Chapel of the Generoso Pope Catholic Center of New York University Catholic Student Center was the former New York University Catholic Center and Catholic chapel located at 58 Washington Square South West Village Manhattan New York. It was built 1961-1964 and was a prominent example of the Brutalist architectural style executed in reinforced concrete and modernist stained glass.
 Karmravor (Armenian: Կարմրաւոր եկեղեցի; meaning Reddish because of the color of its dome) or Surp Astvatsatsin (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստուածածին; meaning Holy Mother of God) is a 7th-century Armenian church built by priests Gregory and Manas. The church is located on the northeast side of the town of Ashtarak in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is the final resting place of poet Gevorg Emin.
 Barrington Civic Center Historic District is a historic district in Barrington Rhode Island on County Road.The district includes several notable structures including Barrington Town Hall which was built in 1888 by Stone Carpenter and Wilson and has gables a medieval towers and interesting masonry. The Barrington Civic Center Historic District also includes the public library formerly a school an early eighteenth century cemetery and a pond.
 Johnson Hall located in Eugene Oregon is the main administration building of the University of Oregon. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building was constructed in 1914-1915 from plans submitted by Oregon State Architect William C. Knighton in the American Renaissance style.
 The Tippecanoe Twp. District No. 3 Schoolhouse and Cemetery is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Tippecanoe Indiana. It was placed on the Register on June 24 2008. It includes the former schoolhouse of district 3 also known as the Summit Chapel School that was built around 1860; a cemetery established in 1844 and a 1930's outhouse built presumably by the Works Progress Administration.
 PS 157 is a historic school building located in the Harlem of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1898 and was designed by C. B. J. Snyder in the Renaissance Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 1982.
 Strand Theatre was a historic theater located at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1916-1917 in the Tudor Revival style. It was demolished in 1993.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and delisted in 1999.
 SOCAR Tower is the tallest building under construction in Baku Azerbaijan. It is located on Heydar Aliyev Avenue. The building will be the headquarters of the SOCAR (State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic). Construction started in 2010 and is scheduled to be completed in 2014. It will also be the tallest building in whole of the Caucasus.
 The Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Punta Gorda Florida United States. It is located at 1009 Taylor Road. Owned and maintained by the Punta Gorda Historical Society the building houses a Black history exhibit and an antique mall. On December 12 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Arden is a historic estate at 276 N. Main Street in Andover Massachusetts United States. It was the home of two of Andover's most important mill owners John Dove and William Madison Wood (the latter being the founder of the American Woolen Company).
 Southworth Library is a historic library building located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story masonry building with a steeply pitched gable roof. It features a prominent bell tower with a Seth Thomas clock and circular windows include carved stone gargoyles. It is a distinctive small scale example of Eclectic style civic architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Guild House is a residential building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania which is an important and influential work of 20th-century architecture and was the first major work by Robert Venturi.
 All Saints Church is an Anglican church in the hamlet of Buncton in the district of Horsham one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. Built in the 11th or 12th century as a small chapel of ease to a nearby parish church and hardly changed or restored since the stone chapel stands behind a delightful ... wooded ravine beneath the South Downs and has been called a real piece of hidden Sussex.
 Mary H. Wright Elementary School is part of Spartanburg County School District No. 7 in Spartanburg County South Carolina.It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 2007.
 Jacob Keller Farm also known as the Covered Bridge Inn-Bed and Breakfast is a historic home and grist mill located at Ephrata Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The original section of the house was built in 1814 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay wide limestone Federal and Germanic style dwelling. A two-story three bay frame addition was built about 1856. The Rettew's Mill or Aaron Roller Mill is a stone mill built about 1814.
 Cass County Court House Jail and Sheriff's House is a property in Fargo North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It was built in 1904 in Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture style and was designed by architect Charles E.
 The Beverly Wilshire Hotel is a historic hotel located at 9500 Wilshire Boulevard on the east side of South Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills California. It was constructed by real estate developer Walter G. McCarty on the site of the former Beverly Hills Speedway. It was completed in 1928 (when the city had fewer than 18000 residents) and was then known as the Beverly Wilshire Apartment Hotel.
 St Peter's Church in St Albans England is a parish church in the Church of England.
 Hickling Priory was an Augustinian priory located in Norfolk England. The house was founded in 1185 by Theobald grandson of Peter de Valognes who arrived with William the Conqueror.
 Rio Can Georgian Mall is the largest mall in Barrie Ontario Canada. It is located on the east side of Bayfield Street approximately 1.5 km north of Highway 400. The mall recently completed a renovation and expansion. Along with the new shopping wing the rest of the mall was revamped.Rio-Can to purchased 100% of the shopping centre as from its original developer and owner Cadillac Fairview.[citation needed]
 Pomeroy Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame dwelling square in shape and covered by a gambrel roof. It has a small 1-story addition and is-covered in cedar shingles. It features a cure porch on the second story above the entrance and in a shed roof dormer.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The First Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Fellsmere Florida. It is located at 31 North Broadway Street. It was built in 1924 by local contractor Corydon E. Nourse. In 1996 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary the Virgin is a church located in the town of Pembroke in Pembrokeshire west Wales. The church is in the Diocese of Saint David's within the Church in Wales and members of the Anglican Communion. Since 2004 it has been a part of the Monkton Rectorial Benefice.The present day church dates back to the 13th century although it is speculated that there might have existed an earlier church of St. Mary. The building is constructed from stone with a slate roof.
 The Pete V. Domenici United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse located in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. The building was completed in 1998 and named in honor of Senator Pete Domenici at a ceremony in 2004. Since its completion it has been joined at the intersection of Fourth and Lomas by two additional courthouses the Bernalillo County Courthouse on the southwest corner and the Metropolitan Courthouse on the northwest corner.
 North Hillsdale Methodist Church also known as North Hillsdale United Methodist Church and Wesleyan Chapel of North Hillsdale is a historic Methodist church located at North Hillsdale in Columbia County New York. It was built between 1837 and 1838 and is a one story timber frame building in the Greek Revival style. A steeple and monumental portico were added in 1859 and a mixed use addition was built on the rear in 1959.
 The Belly River Ranger Station Historic District in Glacier National Park includes several historic structures including the original ranger station now used as a barn. The rustic log structures were built beginning in 1912.
 The Chandler is a 36-story high-rise situated at the mouth of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan. Completed in June 2008 The Chandler is located at 450 E. Waterside Drive in the Lakeshore East area of Chicago. The Chandler is part of urban community development Lakeshore East.
 The Essex County Park Commission Administration Building is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1916 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 11 1977.
 Sloan Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1907 and is a two story wood frame dwelling sided in plain wood shingles with half-timbering above with an irregular gable roofline in the Shingle Style. It features a sleeping porch and first floor sitting-out porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Universum (full name Universum el Museo de las Ciencias de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México) which translates to Universum the Science Museum of the National Autonomous University of Mexico is Mexico’s primary museum dedicated to promoting science and technology to the public as well as support the university’s science missions. It was opened in 1992 at the Ciudad Universitaria in Mexico City. Today it has thirteen halls divided by theme dedicated to various permanent exhibitions.
 The Basilica of the Holy Cross in Jerusalem (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Crucis in Hierusalem Italian: Basilica di Santa Croce in Gerusalemme) is a Roman Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Rome Italy. It is one of the Seven Pilgrim Churches of Rome.According to tradition the basilica was consecrated around 325 to house the Passion Relics brought to Rome from the Holy Land by St. Helena of Constantinople mother of the Roman Emperor Constantine I.
 Chilton Avenue-Orchard Parkway Historic District is a national historic district located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It encompasses 103 contributing buildings in a residential district built up between about 1899 and 1941. The dominant architectural styles are Queen Anne Colonial Revival Tudor Revival and Bungalow / American Craftsman.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Bridgeport Village is a lifestyle center located in Tualatin and Tigard Oregon United States operated by CenterCal Properties. The center opened on May 19 2005 and is located in one of the Portland metropolitan area's most affluent areas. The center has a variety of services including valet service restaurant reservations a courtesy shuttle to vehicles and umbrellas available to borrow. The center features a water and fire fountain and an Italian gazebo and kiosks by Neri.
 Ragdale is the summer retreat of Chicago architect Howard Van Doren Shaw located in Lake Forest Illinois. It is also the home of the Ragdale Foundation.
 The Lancaster Block is an historic building in downtown Portland Maine. Located in Monument Square it was built in 1881 as a four story building by developer J.B. Brown. In 1908 the top two stories were added. It is named for Lancaster New Hampshire the hometown of J.B. Brown.
 The Museum of the Albemarle is located in Elizabeth City North Carolina. It serves as the northeastern regional branch of the North Carolina Museum of History.
 Södersjukhuset (SÖS) is one of the largest hospitals in Stockholm Sweden. Constructed between 1937 and 1944 it was designed by architects Hjalmar Cederström and H. Imhäuser. Södersjukhuset has the largest emergency department in northern Europe.King Gustaf V inaugurated Södersjukhuset on 3 April 1944.
 The Furnace Covered Bridge No. 11 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 100.9-foot-long (30.8 m) Queen Post Truss bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1882. It crosses the North Branch of Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Albert Carlton Estate (also known as the Carlton-Underwood Estate) is a historic site in Wauchula Florida located at 302 East Bay Street. On October 3 1991 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Ketchikan Ranger House at 309 Gorge St. in Ketchikan Alaska was built in 1916 in the residential Captain's Hill district of Ketchikan. Designed by USDA Forest Service in Vernacular Victorian style it housed the U.S. Forest Service's district rangers until 1978. The 1-1/2 story frame house has remained essentially unaltered from its original construction.
 The Wolseley is a restaurant at 160 Piccadilly London next to the Ritz hotel.
 The Hotel Severin originally opened in 1913 as the Grand Hotel of Indianapolis. The building now stands as one of the last remaining structures in the Indianapolis Union Station Wholesale District and it is contributing property to the historic district. The hotel is located directly across Jackson Place from the Union Station (Indianapolis) head house.
 The Quaker Flour Mill now known as Show Room is a historic building in Pueblo Colorado. The building once served as a flour mill and now is a theatre.
 Denver Place is an office complex in Denver Colorado comprising the North and South Towers Terraces and the Granite Tower. It is Colorado's largest commercial office property. Denver Place South Tower is the tallest building of the complex. It is 416 feet (127 m) tall has 34 floors and was completed in 1981.The Denver Place complex is located in the downtown area of Denver Colorado and mostly consists of four high-rise buildings spanning two city blocks.
 The Blackstone Viaduct or the New York & New England Railroad Viaduct is a historic viaduct in Blackstone Massachusetts. The viaduct was built in 1872 by theBoston Hartford and Erie Railroad and the American Bridge Company. The viaduct is 1600 feet (490 m) long structure consisting of masonry arches and earthen embankments in the Massachusetts portion of the village of Waterford.
 The Kenelum Baker House is a historic house at 4 Norwood Street in Winchester Massachusetts. This small 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1856 by builder Kenelum Baker as his own home. It is a rare well-preserved example of vernacular Italianate styling with a shallow-pitch gable roof that has a broad overhanging cornice.
 Roland Reisley House was built in Pleasantville New York in 1951. The third of the Usonia Homes this is a building on a hillside with a masonry core and wood siding. Roland Reisley was 26 when he built his home.
 Taylor Building in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Asher Morton Farmstead is a farm located on Lower Terre Haute Road 4.5 miles (7.2 km) south of Paris Illinois. The farmstead was constructed circa 1860 by Asher Morton an Ohioan who moved to the area in 1850. The farmhouse is an I-house a vernacular style of house named for its popularity in the three Midwestern I states of Illinois Indiana and Iowa.
 HMP Ashfield is now a Category C adult sex offenders prison.HM Prison Ashfield (formerly Pucklechurch Remand Centre) is a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Pucklechurch (near Bristol) in Gloucestershire England. The prison is operated by the Serco Group. Ashfield Prison was built on the site of the Pucklechurch Remand Centre and opened in 1999. It was the first private prison in the United Kingdom to house young offenders.
 The Patrick V. McNamara Federal Building is a class-A skyscraper located at 477 Michigan Avenue in Downtown Detroit Michigan designed by the Detroit architectural firm of Smith Hinchman and Grylls. It opened in 1976 to consolidate the offices of federal agencies which were scattered in several locations in the area.
 James Elverson Jr. School is a historic school building located in the Templetown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1929-1930. It is a three-story 11 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style. An addition was built in 1954. It features a projecting central entrance pavilion brick piers and a castellated parapet.
 United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1882 and is a one story four by three bay wood frame structure on a foundation of coursed limestone blocks. The L shaped plan consists of the main bod of the church with a perpendicular Sunday school wing and a square entrance tower. The interior reflects the influence of the Akron plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Isaac M. Wise Temple (formerly the Plum Street Temple) is the historic synagogue erected for Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise. Rabbi Wise was the founder of American Reform Judaism. The temple building was designed by prominent Cincinnati architect James Keys Wilson. Its design was inspired by the Alhambra at Granada.The temple is located at 720 Plum Street in Cincinnati Ohio and was built by members of the Lodge Street Synagogue. It was built chiefly during the Civil War at a cost of $275000.
 Old City Hall also known as the Southern Market is a historic complex of adjoining buildings in Mobile Alabama that currently houses the History Museum of Mobile. The complex was built from 1855 to 1857 to serve as a city hall and as a marketplace. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The Walnut Street School is a historic school building at 55 Hopkins Street in Reading Massachusetts. A two-room schoolhouse built in 1853 it is the town's oldest public building. It was modified by architect Horace G. Wadlin in 1884.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Confucius Plaza Apartments is a limited-equity housing cooperative in Chinatown Manhattan New York City. The 44-story coop brown brick tower block complex (433 ft (132 m)) with 762 apartments was constructed in 1975 at a cost of $38387000. The building was the first major public-funded housing project built for almost exclusively Chinese Americans.The complex contains 762 apartments the Yung Wing Public School P.S. 124 (K-8) shops community space and a day-care center.
 The Reich Chancellery (German: Reichskanzlei) was the traditional name of the office of the Chancellor of Germany (then called Reichskanzler) in the period of the German Reich from 1871 to 1945. The Chancellery's seat from 1875 was the former city palace of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł (1775–1833) on Wilhelmstraße in Berlin.
 Lusardi's is a Northern Italian restaurant located at 1494 Second Avenue (between East 77th and East 78th Streets) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.The restaurant opened in 1982. It is owned and run by two brothers Luigi and Mauro Lusardi.The restaurant's décor consists of pumpkin-colored walls and deep-toned woodwork brass lamps and wood-framed windows. The restaurant has an old-world vibe.
 The Whitaker-McClendon House is a living history museum located at 806 W. Houston Street in the city of Tyler county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas. The house is also known as the McClendon House and the Bonner-Whitaker-McClendon House. White House correspondent Sarah McClendon was born and raised in this house. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark and a Tyler Historical Landmark.
 The Harriet Taylor Upton House in Warren Ohio was the residence of suffragette Harriet Taylor Upton from 1887 to 1931. Built in the Egyptian Revival style in 1840 by General Simon Perkins the house was the headquarters of Upton's National American Woman's Suffrage Association from 1903 to 1905. It was deeded to Upton by her father Congressman Ezra B. Taylor and was her residence until it was lost in a sheriff's sale.It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1993.
 Huguley Memorial Medical Center is a Seventh-day Adventist medical complex in south Fort Worth Texas operated by Adventist Health System.The campus includes a 213 bed acute care hospital imaging center behavioral center fitness center retirement community nursing center and hospice house.
 W.H. Dorrance House is a historic home located at Camden in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1900 and is an irregularly massed 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame structure in the Queen Anne style. It features an engaged circular tower with conical roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Palo Alto (also Savannah) is a ghost town in Clay County Mississippi. Established circa 1846 it is located at 33°40′50″N 88°48′0″W (33.6806738 -88.8000525) at an elevation of 279 feet (85 m).In 1987 the townsite was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under the name of Town of Palo Alto. Nearly 200 acres (81 ha) were listed on the Register as part of the community.
 Wynne House in Fordyce Arkansas was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Moses Brace-Uriah Cadwell House is a historic house at 11 Flagg Road in West Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1766 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Church of St James the Less Tatham is located in the village of Tatham Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Wilfrid Melling St John the Baptist Tunstall St Peter Leck the Good Shepherd Lowgill and Holy Trinity Wray to form the benefice of East Lonsdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The M-26–Cedar Creek Culvert is a short highway bridge located on M-26 over Cedar Creek in Eagle Harbor Township Michigan. The Keweenaw County Road Commission built the bridge in 1930; they also built the M-26–Silver River Culvert and the US 41–Fanny Hooe Creek Bridge around the same time. The M-26–Cedar Creek Culvert was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Island Lark is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1901 and restored by John Chamberlin in 1971 She is a 34'-11 sailing log canoe with a racing rig. She has a beam of 6'-9 1/8. She is double-ended with a sharp raking stem longhead bow and sharp stern. Privately owned the canoe is raced on the Eastern Shore under No. 16.
 Woodbine Centre is a shopping mall in the Rexdale area of Toronto Ontario Canada across from Woodbine Racetrack.Opened in 1985 by then developer Cadillac Fairview the over 130 store mall is home to Fantasy Fair a year round indoor amusement park.Its design served as inspiration for property developer Sir John Hall when planning the MetroCentre the UK's largest shopping mall in the 1980s.Anchor stores The Bay Sears (formerly Simpsons) Target (opened in 2014 in former Zellers)↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ 2.0 2.1 ↑
 The Lower Pleasant Street District is a historic district at 418-426 Main Street and 9-49 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It encompasses the only surviving row of Victorian-era commercial buildings in downtown Worcester. These buildings were built between 1872 and 1890 and are located along the north side of Pleasant Street from its corner with Main Street nearly to Chestnut Street.
 The All Saints Church (Croatian: Crkva Svih Svetih) is a Roman Catholic church in Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond Baltimore Branch Office is one of the two Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond branch offices. The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond's Baltimore Branch is an operational and regional center for Maryland the metropolitan Washington D.C. area Northern Virginia and northeastern West Virginia. The Baltimore branch is part of the Fifth District and has the code E5.
 Ruperra Castle is a Grade II* Listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument situated in Lower Machen in the county borough of Caerphilly Wales. It is was built in 1626 now it is in a ruined condition and up for sale.
 Shingleside is an historic home located in Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1898–1899 and is an L-shaped 2 1⁄2-story wood-framed wood-shingled gambrel-roofed house. It was designed by noted local architect Claude Fayette Bragdon in a style influenced by both the Shingle and Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 A National Historic Landmark the Slater Mill is located next to the Blackstone River in Pawtucket Rhode Island. Modeled after cotton spinning mills first established in England the Slater Mill is the first water-powered cotton spinning mill in North America to utilize the Arkwright system of cotton spinning as developed by Richard Arkwright. Samuel Slater the mill's founder apprenticed as a young man in Belper England with industrialist Jedediah Strutt.
 Starr House also known as the Michael VanKirk House is a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1801 and 1806 and is 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with a gable roof. The house was restored in 1946 and considered the last example of colonial architecture in the city of Wilmington.
 The Leeum Samsung Museum of Art is a museum in Hannam-dong Yongsan-gu Seoul South Korea run by the Samsung Foundation of Culture. It comprises two parts that house traditional Korean art and contemporary art. Museum 1 is designed by Swiss architect Mario Botta and Museum 2 is by French architect Jean Nouvel and Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas designed the Samsung Child Education & Culture Center.
 The Sherbrooke Museum of Fine Arts (French: Musée des beaux-arts de Sherbrooke) is an art museum in downtown Sherbrooke Quebec Canada. It is located at 241 Dufferin Street in downtown Sherbrooke.The museum receives funding from the City of Sherbrooke the Quebec Ministry of Culture and Communications and from its members.
 Not to be confused with Dr. William J. Mayo House in Rochester MinnesotaThe Dr. William W. Mayo House located at 118 North Main Street in Le Sueur Minnesota United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1859 by James Mayo and his brother William Worrall Mayo who emigrated from Salford United Kingdom to the United States in 1846 and became a doctor. William's older son William James Mayo was born in the home in 1861. William W.
 The Roba Ranch is a pioneer ranch located near the small unincorporated community of Paulina in Crook County Oregon. The ranch is named for George and Mary Roba sheep ranchers who acquired the property in 1892. Most of the important ranch buildings were constructed by the Roba family between about 1892 and 1910. Today the ranch covers 1480 acres (6.0 km2) and is privately owned. The ranch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Church of the Holy Trinity or Holy Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Churchville Harford County Maryland. It is a stone structure built in 1878 in the Gothic Revival style.
 First Methodist-Episcopal Church South is a historic church building at 314 W. Canadian Avenue in Vinita Oklahoma.It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 Jersey Community Hospital (occasionally known as JCH) is a full-service hospital located in Jerseyville Illinois. The hospital was founded in 1954 and is owned by the citizens of Jersey County. The hospital moved from its original location to a larger 20-acre (8.1 ha) campus in 1977 and continues to operate from that location today.
 Lake Alice Hospital was a rural psychiatric facility near Bulls in Rangitikei New Zealand. It was opened in August 1950 and had a Maximum Security unit. Like many New Zealand psychiatric hospitals Lake Alice was self-sufficient with its own farm workshop bakery laundry and fire station. It also had swimming pools as well as glasshouses and vegetable gardens.The facility slowly shut down during the mid 90's finally shutting its doors in October 1999.
 Ohab Zedek sometimes abbreviated as OZ is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Manhattan New York City noted for its lively youthful congregation. Founded in 1873 it moved to it current location on West 95th Street in 1926. The current clergy are: Rabbi Allen Schwartz Senior Rabbi; and Rabbi Avrohom Moshe Farber Cantor.
 Niagara Square Shopping Centre is a suburban mall in the Niagara Region located in Niagara Falls Ontario.Located on Montrose Road adjacent to the Queen Elizabeth Way between St. Catharines Ontario and Fort Erie Ontario it features more than 45 brand-name stores. Development of several new big box format stores started in June 2005 when Future Shop Linens N Things and Winners joined the mall. In August 2008 Michaels and JYSK followed along with The Brick and the Mandarin Restaurant.
 The Louvre Palace (French: Palais du Louvre IPA: [palɛ dy luvʁ]) is a former royal palace located on the Right Bank of the Seine in Paris between the Tuileries Gardens and the church of Saint-Germain l'Auxerrois. Its origins date back to the medieval period and its present structure has evolved in stages since the 16th century. It was the actual seat of power in France until Louis XIV moved to Versailles in 1682 bringing the government with him.
 St Dunstan-in-the-East was a Church of England parish church on St Dunstan's Hill half way between London Bridge and the Tower of London in the City of London. The church was largely destroyed in the Second World War and the ruins are now a public garden.
 The Latta Arcade is an indoor shopping arcade located at 320 S. Tryon St. in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1914 to include a two floor atrium with stores and restaurants. There is a glass skylight over the atrium which was originally used to allow natural light for grading cotton. It was designed by architect William H. Peeps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Old Chappaqua Historic District is located along Quaker Road (New York State Route 120) in the town of New Castle New York United States between the hamlets of Chappaqua and Millwood. It was the original center of Chappaqua prior to the construction of the Harlem Valley Railroad and the erection of its station to the south in the mid-19th century.
 Holy Trinity Orthodox Church (Latvian: Svētās Trīsvienības Pārdaugavas pareizticīgo baznīca) is an Orthodox church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated in Pārdaugava at the address 2 Meža Street.
 The WNB Tower is a 12-story 115 foot highrise building in downtown Midland Texas. The second and third levels of the building are parking garages. The building is located at 508 W. Wall St. It houses variouse companies such as oil & gas and attorney's offices. Its main tenant in the building is Western National Bank. The bank has an operational branch in the lobby and has its main operations on the tenth floor.
 The Museo Correr is a museum in Venice northern Italy. Located in St. Mark's Square Venice it is one of the 11 civic museums run by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia. The museum extends along the southside of the square on the upper floors of the Procuratorie Nuove. With its rich and varied collections the Museo Correr covers both the art and history of Venice.
 Smyser and English Pharmacy also known as Leedom & Wissler Pharmacy is a historic pharmacy building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1886-1887 and is a three-story three bay rectangular brick building in the Queen Anne-style. It had a ground floor pharmacy with offices and residences above. It features an ornamental cornice and terra cotta decorative details. The interior features ornate tiled fireplaces.
 The Southwestern Brewery and Ice Company is a historic brewery in Albuquerque New Mexico located adjacent to the BNSF railroad tracks in East Downtown. Built in 1899 it is one of the only surviving 19th-century commercial buildings in the downtown area.
 St. Coleman's Cathedral Cloyne is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Cloyne County Cork in Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Cloyne it is now one of three cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cork Cloyne and Ross.
 Jatiyo Sriti Shoudho (Bengali: জাতীয় স্মৃতি সৌধ Jatio Sriti Shoudho) or National Martyrs' Memorial is the national monument of Bangladesh is the symbol in the memory of the valour and the sacrifice of all those who gave their lives in the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971 which brought independence and separated Bangladesh from Pakistan. The monument is located in Savar about 35 km north-west of the capital Dhaka. It was designed by Syed Mainul Hossain.
 All Saints' Church Staplehurst is the Anglican parish church in the village of Staplehurst Kent England. It was founded in the 12th century and was enlarged during the 13th to 15th centuries. The church is situated at the south end of the village on the east side of the High Street a Roman Road now designated as the A229.The church was mainly built in the 12th and 13th centuries and the West Tower was commenced about 1425. It is a Grade I listed building.
 The Church of St Andrew & St Mary in Pitminster Somerset England was built around 1300 and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The current church was built on the site of an earlier Saxon church.
 Chadwick Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a two story five bay frame building with picturesque late-Victorian style eclectic features. It features a truncated hipped roof with prominent cross gables. Also on the property is a contributing dairy and springhouse.The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Yue Hwa Building (Chinese: 裕华大厦; pinyin: Yùhuá dàshà) is a historic building located at the corner of the junction of Eu Tong Sen Street and Upper Cross Street in Chinatown of Outram Singapore. Originally known as Nam Tin Building (南天大厦) and the site of the Great Southern Hotel it currently houses the Yue Hwa Chinese Products department store.
 St John's Hampton Wick is a Church of England church in Hampton Wick in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It was built to a design by Edward Lapidge in 1829–30.
 The Board of Education Building also known as the Board of Education Administration Building is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania the long-time center of the educational system for the city.Finished in 1932 the building's design was selected by jury. It's style is a combination of Art Deco and Classical Revival commonly known as Moderne.
 Crescent Mill is an historic cotton textile mill located at 30 Front Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The mill was organized in 1871 and built in 1872 from native Fall River granite in the Italianate style. It had a capacity of 33280 spindles. Benjamin Covel served as the company's first president. The mill was sold to Merchants Manufacturing Company in 1893 and became known as Merchant's Mill No. 3.The Crescent Mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Union Church (Kipton Community Church) is a historic church at 511 Church Street in Kipton Ohio.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Fort Fetterman was a wooden fort constructed in 1867 by the United States Army on the Great Plains frontier in the Dakota Territory approximately 11 miles northwest of present-day Douglas Wyoming. It was located high on the bluffs on the south side of the North Platte River. It served as a major jumping-off point for the start of several major military expeditions against warring Native American tribes and soldiers there helped protect pioneers on the Bozeman Trail.
 Ocoee Dam Number 1 is a hydroelectric dam on the Ocoee River in Polk County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The dam impounds the 1930-acre (780 ha) Parksville Reservoir (often called Ocoee Lake) and is the farthest downstream of four dams on the Toccoa/Ocoee River owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority. Completed in 1911 Ocoee No. 1 was one of the first hydroelectric projects in Tennessee and remains the oldest dam in the TVA system.
 The Helicopter Museum in Weston-super-Mare North Somerset England is a museum featuring a collection of more than 80 helicopters and autogyros from around the world both civilian and military. It is based on the south-eastern corner of the former Weston-super-Mare Airport.
 The Pioneer Sod House in Wheat Ridge Colorado is a sod house built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Bromhall Priory was a nunnery of Benedictine nuns at Sunningdale in the English county of Berkshire.It was established in 1200 and when dissolved in 1521 by the Bishop of Salisbury consisted only of a prioress and two nuns. It was described as a 'profane place' and the property was transferred in 1522 by the Crown to St John's College Cambridge.
 The Bonstelle Theatre is a theater operated by Wayne State University and located at 3424 Woodward Avenue (the southeast corner of Woodward and Eliot) in the Midtown Woodward Historic District of Detroit Michigan. It was originally built in 1902 as the Temple Beth-El and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at 472 N. Main Street in Mount Airy North Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Ratcliffe-Logan-Allison House also known as Earp's Ordinary is a historic home located at Fairfax Virginia. It consists of two sections built about 1810 and about 1830 and is a small two-story single pile brick building. A two-story rear wing connected by a hyphen was added in the 20th century. A postal station and stage coach stop operated from the building in the 1820s-1830s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Beethoven House (German: Beethoven-Haus) in Bonn Germany is a memorial site museum and cultural institution serving various purposes. Founded in 1889 by the Beethoven-Haus association it studies the life and work of composer Ludwig van Beethoven.The centrepiece of the Beethoven-Haus is Beethoven's birthplace at Bonngasse 20. This building houses the museum.
 The Walther Collection is a private non-profit organization dedicated to researching collecting exhibiting and publishing modern and contemporary photography and video art. The Collection has two exhibition spaces: the Walther Collection in Neu-Ulm/Burlafingen in Germany and the Walther Collection Project Space in New York City.
 The Magistrates' Courts is a court building on Dale Street Liverpool. It is a Grade II listed building designed by John Weightman built between 1857-1859. Until the 1970s buildings in Great Crosshall Street were used for juvenile court hearings until a new purpose-built complex was opened accessible from Hatton Garden. There are also courtrooms in Victoria Street which are mostly used for hearing road traffic cases.
 Waroux Castle is a castle in Belgium located in Alleur in the municipality of Ans province of Liège and the old region of Hesbaye.Waroux was one of the rare circular castles in Belgium. The keep still remains of the medieval structure. For centuries it was the property of the de Waroux family until 1525 when it died by marriage. In 1696 it was apparently acquired by the De Clerkx de Waroux family who remained the owners until 1925.
 Dryden District School No. 5 also known as Eight Square School is a historic one room school building located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1827 and is a simple one room one story brick Octagon style building constructed with a low pitch hipped roof banded by a plain narrow frieze. A circular brick chimney rises from the center of the standing seam metal roof. Also on the property are two free standing wood frame gable roofed outhouses.
 The Saint Joseph Parish Complex is located at 1730 South 16th Street in South Omaha Nebraska. Established in 1886 the congregation was founded to serve Omaha's German-speaking Catholics. St.
 Al-Ittihad is name of mosque in Jatibarang Lor Village Sub-District Jatibarang Brebes Brebes Regency.
 The Old Rectory Llanbedr is located two miles north-east of the market town of Ruthin Denbighshire around 400m north of the quiet village of Llanbedr and is a late 17th century property of a type rare in the county. It was listed as Grade II* on 19 July 1966 (Cadw Building ID: 1352). The front has five bays and is a double pile of mellow red brick with a hipped roof. It is set back down a quiet and private country lane.
 Niigata Prefectural Museum of History (新潟県立歴史博物館 Niigata Kenritsu Rekishi Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Nagaoka Japan dedicated to the history of Niigata Prefecture. The museum opened in 2000.
 The Castle of Santa Maria da Feira is a Portuguese castle in the municipality of Santa Maria da Feira district of Aveiro. Emblematic of Portuguese medieval military architecture the Castle of Santa Maria da Feira is one of the monuments that best reflects the diversity of defenses used during the Middle Ages having been instrumental in the process of Reconquista and autonomy of the County of Portugal. It has been listed as a National monument since 1910.
 Krampfer Palace (German: 'Schloß Krampfer') is 18th-century palace located in the village of Krampfer in the municipality of Plattenburg near Perleberg Prignitz district Brandenburg Germany. The palace estate covers approximately 4700 acres (19 km2). There have been a number of spelling variations for Krampfer over the years including Cramuir Kranauer Cramber tu Kramvyr van Kraenvoerde and Kranffer.
 The Robert C. McEwen United States Custom House also known as U.S. Customshouse is a historic customshouse building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1809-1810 as a store and warehouse. It is a two story utilitarian gable roofed stone bearing wall structure approximately 60 feet wide and 120 feet long.
 River Place Condominiums formerly known as Port Royal Condominiums is a mixed-use residential skyscraper in Augusta Georgia United States. It is the tallest building in the city and the Central Savannah River Area with 18 floors. The exterior of the building is pink concrete and postmodern with multiple gables at the top. It is the 74th tallest building in the state of Georgia. The National Science Center at Fort Discovery on the bottom floor closed in December 2010.
 The Central New Bedford Historic District is one of nine historic districts in New Bedford Massachusetts United States. It is a 29-acre (12 ha) rectangular area bounded by Acushnet Avenue and the older New Bedford Historic District on the east School Street to the south Middle Street on the north and 6th Street in the west.Within it are 79 buildings mostly commercial or mixed-use including New Bedford's city hall.
 Mulberry Hill is a historic home located at Lexington Virginia. It was built in at least four different building periods that range from the late-18th century to the early 20th century. The original section was built about 1798. It two-story five bay brick dwelling with a four-room double-pile central-passage plan. Its hipped roof was added about 1903.
 Ōtani Hongan-ji Hakodate Betsu-in (大谷派本願寺函館別院) is a branch temple of Higashi Hongan-ji in Hakodate Hokkaidō Japan. Rebuilt after a fire in 1907 it is the first temple in Japan built with reinforced concrete. The Hondō (1915) Shōrō (1912–25) and Shōmon (1912–25) have all been designated Important Cultural Properties.
 St Anthony's Church Cartmel Fell is in the village of Cartmel Fell Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Just to the southeast is Ravensbarrow Lodge.
 St Leonard Foster Lane was a church of England church dedicated to St Leonard on the west side of Foster Lane in the Aldersgate ward of the City of London. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Rosedale Gardens Historic District is a historic district located on eight streets from Arden Street to Hubbard Street between Plymouth Road and West Chicago Street in Livonia Michigan. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 First Mission House (First Mission House and Place of Worship; First Moravian Mission) is a historic church at 291 Third Avenue in Bethel Alaska.It was built in 1945 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Arkansas Valley Lodge No. 21 building is a historic building in Wichita Kansas. Constructed by a local Prince Hall Freemasons Lodge in 1910 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. Today the lodge meets elsewhere and the building in now owned by the City of Wichita.
 Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis. Christ Church Cathedral is the oldest religious building in continuous use in Indianapolis.
 Oakhurst Links is a historic golf course located at White Sulphur Springs Greenbrier County West Virginia. It is a nine hole course conceived in 1884 in a design based upon traditional Scottish design elements. The first competition at Oakhurst was held in 1888.Located on the grounds is course developer Russell W. Montague's home which served as the Oakhurst Links Clubhouse.
 The Littleton Town Building also known as the Littleton Opera House is a historic municipal building at 1 Union Street in Littleton New Hampshire. Built on a steep embankment overlooking the Ammonoosuc River in 1894-5 the wood frame structure presents five stories to its rear (facing the river) and three on the front. Its most prominent feature is the six-sided tower rising above its northwest corner.
 The Wrigley Mansion in Phoenix Arizona is a landmark building constructed between 1929 and 1931 by chewing-gum magnate William Wrigley Jr.
 The Hotel Tassel (French: Hôtel Tassel Dutch: Hotel Tassel) is a town house built by Victor Horta in Brussels for the Belgian scientist and professor Emile Tassel in 1893-1894. It is generally considered as the first true Art Nouveau building because of its highly innovative plan and its ground breaking use of materials and decoration. Together with three other town houses of Victor Horta including Horta's own house and atelier it was put on the 'UNESCO World Heritage List' in 2000.
 Haverfordwest Castle is a castle located in the town centre at Haverfordwest Pembrokeshire south Wales located in a naturally defensive position at the end of a strong isolated ridge. The castle was established during Norman times in 1120 but much of the architecture remaining today is dated to 1290.
 Cow Marsh Old School Baptist Church also known as Mount Moriah Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church near Sandtown Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1872 and is a simple one-story rectangular frame building. It is sheathed in clapboard has a low gable roof and features corner pilasters.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Mestervik Chapel (Norwegian: Mestervik kapell / Meistervik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Mestervik. The church is part of the Malangen parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1968 (it was originally a school) and it seats about 100 people.
 Hagerstown Armory is a historic armory located at 328 N. Potomac Street in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story Flemish bond brick structure with full basement emulating a Medieval fortification built in 1926. The front facade features a central block offset by two three-story towers. Tower tops are characterized by a ring of scalloped stone molding surmounted by a ring of brick dentils and topped by two crenelles per side with stone caps.
 Heurich House also known as the Brewmaster's Castle is a Gilded Age mansion in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 The Richard T. Ely House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Four Seasons is a New American cuisine restaurant in New York City located at 99 East 52nd Street in the Seagram Building in Midtown Manhattan.Opened in 1959 the Four Seasons is associated with a number of milestone firsts in the hospitality industry. The Four Seasons is credited with introducing the idea of seasonally-changing menus to America.
 The Chinese Martyrs Catholic Church is a national Catholic church in the Greater Toronto Area for Chinese Catholics. Originally based in Scarborough and now based in Markham it was the second Catholic church to cater to Chinese Catholics in the GTA. The church is named for the Chinese Martyrs 120 Chinese and foreign missionaries and laypeople who died in China during the 19th and 20th centuries.
 The Saint John Jewish Historical Museum in Saint John New Brunswick Canada preserves and displays the history of the Jewish community in the city of Saint John. The Museum was opened by founder Marcia Koven in 1986. A Jewish Historical Society had already been established in the congregation.
 The Fairbanks House in Dedham Massachusetts is a historic house built between 1637 and 1641 making it the oldest surviving timber-frame house in North America that has been verified by dendrochronology testing. Puritan settler Jonathan Fairebanke constructed the farm house for his wife Grace (Lee Smith) and their family. The house was occupied and then passed down through eight generations of the family until the early 20th century.
 Potter Hall is a historic home located at Williston Caroline County Maryland United States. It is an early-19th-century Federal-influenced house facing the Choptank River. The house was constructed in three sections: a tall 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick structure built about 1808 adjoining a lower 2 1⁄2-story two-bay-wide central section built about 1750 also of Flemish bond brick then a frame single-story kitchen wing added in 1930. Each of the three sections has a gable roof.
 The Church of St Mary in East Brent Somerset England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Parts of the building date from 1298 however the tower and spire were added around 1400.The church contains a 15th-century eagle lectern and pulpit from 1634.The building was restored in the 19th century with a chancel by William Butterfield.
 The Dwight Manufacturing Company Housing District is a residential historic district in Chicopee Massachusetts. Roughly bounded by Front Depot Dwight Exchange and Chestnut Streets it encompasses a variety of housing built for mill workers at Chicopee's mills during the 19th century. One typical boarding house is the brick building a 2-6-10 Dwight Street built c.
 Boulder Valley Grange No. 131 also known as Boulder Valley Community Hall is an historic wooden Grange hall located at 3400 North 95th Street in Lafayette Colorado. It was built in 1900 and features a hipped roof with clapboard sides. Various additions have been made which maintain its architectural integrity.On December 7 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.Today it serves as the meeting place of Pleasant View Grange No. 164.
 Istanbul Cevahir Shopping and Entertainment Centre also known as Şişli Kültür ve Ticaret Merkezi (Şişli Culture and Trade Centre) is a modern shopping mall located in the Şişli district of Istanbul Turkey. Opened on 15 October 2005 Istanbul Cevahir was the largest shopping mall in Europe in terms of gross leasable area between 2005 and 2011 and is one of the largest in the world.
 The Dayton Street Historic District is located in Cincinnati's historic Old West End neighborhood. It was once known as Millionaire’s Row for the prominent industrialists who resided in a row of opulent mansions built between 1850 and 1890. It is bounded by Bank Street Poplar Street Linn Street and Winchell Avenue. The District was listed on January 25 1973 (No.
 Eliza Butler Kirkbride School is a historic school building located in the Passyunk Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1925-1926. It is a four-story five bay yellow reinforced concrete building faced in brick and limestone in the Late Gothic Revival-style.
 The Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque (Arabic: مسجد خالد ابن الوليد‎) is a mosque in Homs Syria located in a park along Hama Street in ash-Shuhada Square. Noted for its Ottoman-Turkish architectural style the mosque is dedicated to Khalid ibn al-Walid an Arab military commander who led the Muslim conquest of Syria in the 7th century following the decisive Battle of Yarmouk which put an end to Byzantine rule in Syria.
 St John's Church Peasedown St John (or more formally the Church of St John the Baptist Peasedown) is the Anglican parish church for the village of Peasedown St John in North East Somerset. The Parish was founded in 1874 and the current building dates from 1893. It is home to a congregation drawn largely from the village of Peasedown St John and the surrounding area.
 The David Davis Mansion also known as Clover Lawn is a Victorian home in Bloomington Illinois that was the residence of David Davis Supreme Court justice (1862-1877) and Senator from Illinois. The mansion has been a state museum since 1960.
 Linked Hybrid is a building complex built in Beijing China designed by Steven Holl Architects. It was built from 2003 to 2009. Linked Hybrid consists of 644 apartments. It is recognized for its environmental design and uses geo-thermal wells for cooling and heating.
 The Miller-Cory House is located in Westfield Union County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1740 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 3 1972.
 The museum is located at CFB Shearwater in Shearwater Nova Scotia. The museum acquires conserves organizes researches and interprets to CF personnel and the public at large for their study education and enjoyment artifacts and documents which exemplify the history of Canadian Maritime Military Aviation.
 The DeRidder Commercial Historic District covers an area from the Railroad tracks at Washington street and includes Second Stewart and Port street. In 1983 the buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Darlington Abbey was an abbey in North Yorkshire England.
 West Stow Anglo-Saxon Village is both an archaeological site and an open air museum located near to West Stow in Suffolk eastern England. Evidence for intermittent human habitation at the site stretches from the Mesolithic through the Neolithic Bronze Age Iron Age and Romano-British period but it is best known for the small village that existed on the site between the mid-5th century and the early 7th century CE during the early Anglo-Saxon period.
 Silo Point formerly known as the Baltimore and Ohio Locust Point Grain Terminal Elevator is a high-rise grain elevator on the edge of the Locust Point neighborhood in Baltimore Maryland. It is one of the largest grain elevators to be constructed in the early 20th century. The grain elevator rises to 310 feet (94 meters) containing 24 floors and 228 rooms. The silo was built by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1923-1924 with a capacity of 3.8 billion bushels.
 The Mitchell Building is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Pacific Tower formerly Pacific Medical Center is a 16-story building on Beacon Hill in Seattle Washington. It is located at 1200 12th Avenue South. The building is of an Art Deco style. It was completed in 1932 and opened in 1933 as a hospital for the Marines. It continues to function as a medical center. Amazon.com had its headquarters at the building for several years.
 L'Hôpital Universitaire Justinien is the main hospital in the second largest city in Haiti Cap-Haïtien. It is located close to the center of the city near the Place d'Armes Cathedral. The hospital is named after Justinien Etienne a local magistrate who spearheaded and oversaw the construction of the hospital. Justinien Hospital began as a hospice in 1890 and was later transformed into a hospital in 1920 during the United States occupation in Haiti.
 Breckwoldt-Ward House is a historic home located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1893 and is an asymmetrically massed 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style building over a cut-stone foundation. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed carriage house/garage. Its owner from 1903 to 1918 was George Ward successful prosecutor in the Chester Gillette murder trial of 1906.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Bittenbender Covered Bridge was a historic wooden covered bridge in Huntington Township Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was a 68.6-foot-long (20.9 m) Queenpost Truss bridge constructed in 1888. It had rough vertical plank siding crossed Huntington Creek and was the last covered bridge in Luzerne County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The bridge was destroyed in a flood on June 28 2006.
 Saint John the Baptist Church Penistone Parish Church or Penistone Church is a Church of England church in the Parish of Penistone near Barnsley in South Yorkshire England. The church is a Grade I listed building and is located in the centre of the town of Penistone.
 Waccamaw River Memorial Bridge is a historic bridge located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina.It was built in 1937 and opened to the public in April 1938 designated as a memorial to Horry County citizens who served in America’s wars from the American Revolution through the First World War. Its cost was $370000. It is 1270 feet long and carries U.S. Route 501 over the Waccamaw River.
 The Rad Saline Center cis. 389 Z.C.B.J. also known as Saline Center Lodge Hall is an historic building in rural Nebraska located about 9 miles north of Western Nebraska that was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 4 1996. It historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community.
 Wing On House (Chinese: 永安集團大廈) is the name of a commercial building located at No. 71 Des Voeux Road Central Central Hong Kong.
 Park Central Mall was the first shopping mall in Phoenix Arizona located on Central Avenue and Osborn Road. Today it exists as a mixed-use business park primarily occupied by regional administrative offices for Catholic Healthcare West and regional offices for UnitedHealth Group. The property currently is known simply as Park Central.
 Fredskapellet (Norwegian: Fredskapellet) is a chapel in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Narvik. The chapel is part of the Narvik parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The brick chapel was built in 1957 on the site of another chapel that was destroyed during World War II. The present-chapel is located next to the main cemetery for the town of Narvik and therefore the chapel is mostly used for funerals.
 The Henderson House is a historic U.S. home located in Dumfries Virginia. Alexander Henderson built this home in the late 18th century. Alexander Henderson was the father of Archibald Henderson fifth Commandant of the Marine Corps.
 St Paul's Church Preston is a redundant Anglican parish church located in St Paul's Square Preston Lancashire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.The building now houses two radio stations.
 The Pink Palace also known as the Mrs. Marshall Field House and the Inter-American Defense Board is an historic house located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in Washington D.C. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1991. George Oakley Totten was the architect for the structure that was completed in 1906. Additions were made to the house in 1912 and 1988.
 The John F. Seiberling Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a building located in downtown Akron Ohio. The building is named after John F. Seiberling a United States Representative from Ohio who helped create the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and served on the House Judiciary Committee that held the impeachment hearings against President Richard Nixon.The building was constructed in 1974 and is an example of Brutalist architecture.
 The Solway Aviation Museum is an independently run aircraft museum located at Carlisle Lake District Airport in Cumbria.
 St. Peter's Cathedral is an interdenominational church in Bautzen Germany. It is among the oldest and largest interdenominational churches in Germany. Located in the heart of the city's Old Town the church and the square it is situated within is a major tourist attraction.
 The Colorado River Bridge at Bastrop is a 1285-foot (392 m)-long bridge with three steel truss spans and concrete piers that crosses the Colorado River as part of Loop 150 through Bastrop Texas. The three bridge spans over the river consist of identical Parker through trusses each 192 feet (59 m) in length supported on concrete piers. The bridge is one of the earliest surviving uses of the Parker truss in Texas.The Colorado River Bridge was the second bridge crossing at this location.
 The Grosse Pointe Academy is an independent day school located at 171 Lake Shore Drive in Grosse Pointe Farms Michigan. Originally known as the Academy of the Sacred Heart the campus buildings were designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The original Wendell August Forge facility was a historic landmark in Mercer County Pennsylvania. It is the last remaining working forge in the state. The company operates retail stores in Grove City Berlin Ohio and Wilmington North Carolina; the forge and the stores are well-known tourist destinations. Wendell August was the first to use the repoussé process of manufacture and has operated near Grove City since 1932.
 The Military Vehicle Technology Foundation is a large collection of military vehicles located in Portola Valley California. It was founded by the late Jacques Littlefield and now is under the direction of Bill Boller.The founder of the Foundation Mr. Jacques Littlefield started the collection in 1975 with the purchase of an unrestored M3A1 Scout Car. The first two tanks arrived on site in 1983. The collection comprised a total of five armored vehicles by 1988.
 The Allamakee County Courthouse (also referred to as Old Allamakee County Courthouse) is the county’s historic courthouse located in Waukon Iowa. It was built in 1861 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The Greek Revival style building was the first courthouse that was used for court functions and county administration. The building now serves as the Allamakee County Historical Museum.
 Espirito Santo Plaza is an office skyscraper in Brickell in Downtown Miami Florida United States. It was designed by the architectural firm of Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates PC (KPF). The 505-foot (168 meter) 36-story building is located on the southern end of Brickell Avenue in the Financial District. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
 Quincy City Hall is the seat of government for the City of Quincy Massachusetts. The historic town hall building at 1305 Hancock Street in Quincy Center was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The H. Langford Warren House is an historic house at 6 Garden Terrace in Cambridge Massachusetts.H. Langford Warren (1857–1917) both client and architect for this house was an important figure in the Arts and Crafts movement in Boston and one of the 24 founding members of the Society of Arts and Crafts in June 1897. (Some sources erroneously refer to him as Lanford H. Warren.)The house was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Westfield London is a shopping centre in White City London United Kingdom in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. The centre was developed by the Westfield Group at a cost of £1.6bnon a site bounded by the West Cross Route (A3220) the Westway (A40) and Wood Lane (A219) and opened on 30 October 2008.The site is part of the White City district where several other large scale development projects are under way or in the planning stages.
 The Musée des Arts et Métiers (French pronunciation: ​[myze dez‿aʁz‿e metje] Museum of Arts and Crafts) is an industrial design museum in Paris that houses the collection of the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers (National Conservatory of Arts and Industry) which was founded in 1794 as a repository for the preservation of scientific instruments and inventions.
 Stage Coach Inn also known as Royal Johnson House is a historic inn located at Lapeer in Cortland County New York. It was built about 1830 and is a two story rectangular five bay center entrance frame building. It features a full Greek Revival style entrance with pilasters a full entabulature and two-paneled door with sidelights. It served as a home hostelry for stage coach travelers a post office as well as a dance hall. The second floor dance hall remains intact.
 The Lincoln American Tower is a 22-story building located at the corner of North Main and Court streets in Memphis Tennessee. It is also a historical landmark one of the first steel frame skyscrapers built in Memphis.
 Schloss Rabenstein is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Ealing Hospital officially called Ealing Hospital NHS Trust is a general NHS hospital in the Southall district of the London Borough of Ealing Greater London England. It lies on the south side of the Uxbridge Road 8.5 miles west of central London. It sits between Southall town to the west and Hanwell to the east. It is built on land that was once part of Hanwell Asylum now St. Bernard's Hospital which is run by West London Mental Health (NHS) Trust.
 The Arroyo Grande IOOF Hall is a building in Arroyo Grande California that was built in 1902. The building housed the town's chapter of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows which was established in 1887. The order planned a two-story building with a storefront on the first floor; the building is one of the tallest in downtown Arroyo Grande.
 Tredegar House is a 17th-century Charles II country house mansion in the city of Newport that for over five hundred years was home to the Morgan family later Lords Tredegar; one of the most powerful and influential families in the area. Described as The grandest and most exuberant country house in Monmouthshire and one of the outstanding houses of the Restoration period in the whole of Britain the mansion stands in the 90 acre (360000 m²) Tredegar Park.
 The church of San Procolo is a church in central Bologna.An ancient church had been built there by Benedictine Monks from Monte Cassino in the 11th century. The Gothic tracery of the ceiling was added from 1383 to 1407. From 1535 to 1557 the architect Antonio Morandi also called Terribilia participated in reconstruction. In 1744 the architect Carlo Francesco Dotti directed the reconstruction of the interior which was stopped under the Napoleonic rule.
 Bushey Hall Golf Club founded by Robert Stewart Clouston in 1889 is one of the oldest parkland golf courses in Hertfordshire. Originally opened as a nine hole course it was extended to the full 18 holes by 1893 and is now a 6005 yard course.
 St. Sava Church in Paris is a Serbian Orthodox church in France. Church was used as Protestant church in the past. Since 1962 church was rented for worship and in 1984 was purchased and converted to the Serbian Orthodox Church. Church is located at the address 23 rue du Simplon.
 All Saints' Church Lincoln is a parish church on Monks Road in Lincoln in the Church of England.The incumbent is The Revd David Edgar. The parish is part of the Deanery of Christianity.
 The Round Barn near Columbus Grove Ohio United States was a round barn that was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The barn has been destroyed.[citation needed]
 Worcester State Hospital was a Massachusetts state mental hospital located in Worcester Massachusetts. It is credited to the architectural firm of Weston & Rand. The hospital and surrounding associated historic structures are listed as Worcester Asylum and related buildings on the National Register of Historic Places.It was once known as the Worcester Lunatic Asylum and the Bloomingdale Asylum. The hospital dates back to the 1830s. On January 12 1833 the Worcester Insane Asylum opened.
 Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH The Brigham) is the largest hospital of the Longwood Medical and Academic Area in Boston Massachusetts USA. It is Harvard Medical School's second largest teaching affiliate with 793 beds. With Massachusetts General Hospital it is one of the two founding members of Partners HealthCare the largest healthcare provider in Massachusetts.
 Burlington is a historic plantation home located near Petersburg Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story frame dwelling with a center-passage double-pile plan. It has a slate gable roof with dormers. A one-story wing was added during its restoration in 1954.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Pembroke is a public housing community in northeast Bethlehem Pennsylvania. The area was listed as a national historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Central Plaza One is the fifth-tallest skyscraper in the city of Brisbane Queensland Australia and was designed by renowned Japanese architect Kurokawa Kisho.The height of the tower is 174 m (571 ft) and it contains 44 floors.Construction was completed in 1988 and it became synonymous with Australian Bicentenary and World Expo '88 Brisbane. It is located at 345 Queen Street in the Brisbane central business district.
 Vivanta by Taj—Connemara Chennai is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. It is a heritage hotel in Chennai. Classified under the Taj Group's business hotels section the hotel is considered the oldest hotel in the city.
 Poppenhusen Institute is a historic building at 114—04 14th Road in College Point Queens that housed the first free kindergarten in America. In addition this institute provided the first free evening classes for adults (in America). Currently the Institute operates as a community cultural center.
 The Burke-Berryman House at 418 Cheney St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house with elements of Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architecture. It was built c.1909-10 as a rental house in the Burke's Addition area of Reno developed by Charles H. Burke.An early occupant was Samuel W. Goodale a Chief Surveyor with the U.S. Survey Office who lived there up to c.1917. It was sold to James J. Berryman in 1919 and he and his wife lived there from 1919 to 1934.
 The Military Sea Services Museum is located at 1402 Roseland Avenue Sebring Florida. The museum was established in 1998 and contains artifacts and exhibits relating to the U.S. Coast Guard U.S. Marines and U.S. Navy.
 Lillian Sefton Dodge Estate also known as Sefton Manor and Mill Neck Manor Lutheran School for the Deaf is a historic estate located at Mill Neck in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1923 by the noted architectural firm Clinton and Russell for cosmetics executive Lillian Sefton Dodge. The manor house is a Tudor Revival style dwelling.
 Bennett Place sometimes known as Bennett Farm in Durham North Carolina was the site of the largest surrender of Confederate soldiers ending the American Civil War on April 26 1865.
 The Landward House is a brick Italianate mansion with a limestone facade and projected entrance. There are 22 rooms and six bathrooms in this three-story building. Dr. Stuart Robinson used the mansion as his office. The garden was created by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. in 1929. The tertiary garden features a vegetable garden a labyrinth garden and an informal side garden. A landscape-architecture firm uses its carriage house for its office.
 The J. A. Wood House is a historic house located at 3 Sacramento Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The large 2.5 story wood frame Colonial Revival house was built in 1888 for James Wood a lumber dealer. The house was designed by Hartwell and Richardson and originally faced Massachusetts Avenue. In 1925 it was rotated ninety degrees to face Sacramento Street in order to make way for commercial development.
 Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital is a hospital in the city of Santa Barbara California. It is owned and operated by Cottage Health System.It is the only Level II trauma center between Los Angeles (south) and the Bay Area (north) on the California coast. Santa Barbara Cottage's location is approximately 90 miles (140 km) northwest of Los Angeles and approximately 300 miles (480 km) south of the Bay Area.
 Parkland Memorial Hospital is a hospital located in Dallas Texas United States. It is the main hospital of the Parkland Health & Hospital System and serves as Dallas County's public hospital.
 The St. Elmo Historic District or St. Elmo for short is a neighborhood in the city of Chattanooga Tennessee. It is situated in the southernmost part of Hamilton County within the valley of Lookout Mountain below the part of the Tennessee River known as Moccasin Bend.
 The Château de Méréville is a chateau in Méréville in the valley of the Juine France. It is the rival of the Désert de Retz as two of the most extensive Landscape Gardens provided with follies and picturesque features — parcs à fabriques — made in the late eighteenth century. Both are early examples of the romantic French Landscape Garden — jardin a l'anglaise — an interpretation of the English garden style that was replacing the Garden à la française.
 Kista Science Tower is a 32-storey 124 m (407 ft) skyscraper in Kista Stockholm Sweden. With its roof-top antenna its height is 156 m (512 ft) making it the third tallest building in the country after Turning Torso and Scandic Victoria Tower. The black cube on top of the roof is contrary to some rumors not meant to be the start of more floors; it is the top of the elevator shaft and space for the electronics for the antenna.
 The Jōkyō Gimin Memorial Museum (Jōkyō Gimin Kinen-kan) is a museum dedicated to the Jōkyō Uprising that occurred in Azumidaira Japan in 1686 (the third year of the Jōkyō era during the Edo period). The uprising also called the Kasuke Uprising (the leader of the　peasant uprising was Tada Kasuke) is perceived to be a struggle for the right to life. Thus the founders of the memorial museum erected two plaques at the front entrance of the building.
 Queensway Carleton Hospital opened in 1976 by William Davis is a 264-bed facility in Ottawa's west end and serves a population of over 400000.
 The Richard B. Russell Federal Building is a 26-storey International style building in Atlanta Georgia housing U.S. government agency offices and federal courts.
 Henningsvær Church (Norwegian: Henningsvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Henningsvær. The church is part of the Henningsvær parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. Henningsvær Chapel was first built in Henningsvær in 1852. A new church was built in 1974 to replace the old chapel. The current church is built to seat about 250 people.
 Klågerup Castle (Swedish: Klågerup slott) is a castle in Svedala Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Bradford House is an historic house at 54-56 Pine Street in Lewiston Maine.The house was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Église Notre Dame is a church in the French town of Clisson. Founded by Olivier V Clisson this church would date from the 14th-15th century. Burned and looted during the Wars of Vendée the church was restored under the Empire (early 19th century). The church was completely demolished and rebuilt in 1887-88 by Nantais architect René Ménard.
 PKU 3rd People's Hospital (Chinese: 北京大学第三医院)full name: Peking University Third Hospital (alias: Sanyuan Hospital) abbreviation: PUTH. Peking University Third Hospital (PUTH) was founded in 1958 under the supervision of the Ministry of Health. It is affiliated with Peking University including 34 clinical departments and 1264 clinic beds.
 The George McGregor Cabin on the Yukon River about two miles downstream from Coal Creek near Eagle Alaska is a historic cabin built in 1938 that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1987.George McGregor was a successful gold miner who staked multiple gold claims including the discovery claim on Mineral Creek a tributary of Woodchopper Creek which he worked for about 10 years and then sold these in the mid-1930s.
 The Wells and Mendip Museum is a small museum next to Wells Cathedral in the city of Wells. It is a registered charity and an accredited member of the Museums Libraries and Archives Council. The exhibits include items of local history and archaeological finds. The museum charges a fee of £3 for entry but the ticket is valid for a year.
 Kongōbu-ji (金剛峯寺) is the ecclesiastic head temple of Koyasan Shingon Buddhism located on Mount Kōya (高野山 Kōya-san) Wakayama prefecture Japan. Its name means Temple of the Diamond Mountain. It is part of the Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range UNESCO World Heritage Site.The temple was first constructed as Seigan-ji Temple in 1593 by Toyotomi Hideyoshi on the death of his mother rebuilt in 1861 and given its present name in 1869.
 Acorn Corner historically known as the Franklin Hotel is a six-story historic building in Kent Ohio United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places since January 2013. Construction started in 1919 and the hotel opened in September 1920. The hotel was also known as the Hotel Kent and later the Hotel Kent-Ellis. Locally it is often referred to as the old Kent hotel Kent Hotel or the old hotel.
 The Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building also known as the AT Heinsbergen & Company Building is a historic building on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Pierre is a luxury hotel located at 2 East 61st Street at the intersection of Fifth Avenue in Manhattan New York City facing Central Park. The hotel which was designed by Schultze & Weaver opened in 1930 and was later acquired by Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces of India. Standing 525.01 feet (160.02 m) tall it is located within the Upper East Side Historic District as designated in 1981 by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
 St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic church on Academy Hill Road in Newcastle Maine.It was built in 1807 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It bears the distinction of being the oldest existing catholic church in New England.
 Isaac Bullard House built in 1777 is a historic house at 77 Ashland Street in Holliston Massachusetts.
 The Unity Building in Oregon Illinois is a historic building in that city's Oregon Commercial Historic District. As part of the district the Oregon Unity Building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with the rest of the district since August 2006.
 The Union Arcade is an office building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places by its original name Union Savings Bank and Trust
 Flora Chapel (Norwegian: Flora kapell also known as Floren Chapel) is a chapel in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Flornes. The church is part of the Hegra parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was built in 1902 to seat about 170 people.
 The Western General Hospital (often abbreviated to simply The Western) at Crewe Road Edinburgh Scotland is part of NHS Lothian a Health Board which provides a comprehensive range of adult and paediatric care to the people of Edinburgh the Lothians and beyond.It is one of the main teaching hospitals affiliated to the University of Edinburgh Medical School.
 The Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré is a basilica set along the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec Canada 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Quebec City. It has been credited by the Catholic Church with many miracles of curing the sick and disabled. It is an important Catholic sanctuary which receives about a half-million pilgrims each year including the Anna Fusco Pilgrimage from Connecticut. The peak period of pilgrimage is around July 26 the feast of Saint Anne the patron saint of Quebec.
 John B. Myers House and Barn in Florissant Missouri is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri. The house a Classical Revival building built in 1878 was listed in 1974 as John B. Myers House. The listing name and boundary were increased to include the barn built in 1867 in 1977.
 Woods End Road Historic District is a historic district at 68 Baker Bridge Rd. 1 5 9 and 10 Woods End Road in Lincoln Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register in 1988.
 Wall Doxey State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is located off Mississippi Highway 7 near Holly Springs. It is named after Wall Doxey a former U.S. Representative and U.S. Senator from Mississippi. With camping areas rental cabins walking trails a large playground and camp pavilions the area offers welcome opportunity to the weekend camper.
 The Fort of Pessegueiro Island (Portuguese: Forte da ilha do Pessegueiro) is a fort situated on the island of Pessegueiro off the coast of the civil parish of Porto Covo municipality of Sines in the southern Alentejo of Portugal.
 The Hornbek House also known as the Adaline Hornbek Homestead in Florissant Colorado was built in 1878 for Adaline Hornbek who established a ranch in the area to the west of Pike's Peak in the 1870s. The log house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of an early homestead. It is an excellent example of homestead-era log construction with unusual Greek Revival window trim on one wing.
 The U.S. Post Office in Ely Nevada was built to a standardized plan developed by the Office of the Supervising Architect led by Louis A. Simon. The building uses an attenuated Classical style that was popular with Federal buildings in the 1930s. The building occupies a prominent place in Ely and represents the presence of the Federal government in the town.The Ely Post Office was built as part of an appropriation for post offices in Ely Elko Las Vegas and Reno passed in June 1932.
 The N. Eldon Tanner Building also known as the TNRB is a building that houses classrooms and administrative offices for the Marriott School of Management on the Brigham Young University campus in Provo Utah.
 Hegge stave church (Hegge stavkyrkje) is an early 13th-century stave church located in Øystre Slidre municipality in Valdres Norway.The first recorded reference to the church is from 1327. Dendrochronological dating of some of the logs in the church however indicates that the church was built around 1216. It is a basilica type church with 8 free-standing interior columns forming an arcade surrounding a central area with a raised roof.
 The Burns Club of Atlanta officially organized in 1896 is a private social club and literary and cultural society commemorating the works and spirit of the 18th century national poet of Scotland Robert Burns. In addition to holding monthly meetings the club has held a Burns supper celebration on the anniversary of Burns' birthday every year since 1898. Club events are held in the Atlanta Burns Cottage a 1911 replica of poet Robert Burns' birthplace in Alloway Ayrshire Scotland.
 The Hancock County Courthouse located in Garner Iowa United States was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Sunset Mall is a shopping mall located in San Angelo Texas. It is anchored by Bealls Dillard's JCPenney and Sears.
 Agnes Blackadder Hall (formerly New Hall) is the largest single-building Hall of Residence owned by the University of St Andrews. It was opened in 1993 and is located in the town of St Andrews Fife Scotland. It has 519 bedrooms of which 25 are shared. All are en-suite. Previously it was the only Hall in St Andrews to accommodate both catered and self-catered students and catered students were in the significant majority.
 Lansing Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Delta Charter Township Michigan United States just outside Lansing the state capital of Michigan. Opened in July 1969 the mall comprises 830052 square feet (77114.4 m2) of gross leasable area with more than 100 stores and restaurants as well as a food court. Anchor stores include T.J. Maxx JCPenney Macy's and Younkers. Lansing Mall is managed and owned by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
 King's Chapel is an independent Christian unitarian congregation affiliated with the Unitarian Universalist Association that is unitarian Christian in theology Anglican in worship and congregational in governance. It is housed in what was formerly called Stone Chapel an 18th-century structure at the corner of Tremont Street and School Street in Boston Massachusetts.
 The Canyon Creek Shelter also known as the Sol Duc Falls Shelter is a rustic trail shelter in Olympic National Park. It is the last remaining trail shelter built in the park by the Civilian Conservation Corps from Camp Elwha. The shelter was built in 1939 shortly after Olympic National Park was established from the U.S. Forest Service-administered Mount Olympus National Monument. Two similar shelters were built at Moose Lake and Hoh Lake neither of which survive.
 High Point is a historic home located near Jenkinsville Fairfield County South Carolina. The original section was built about 1800 with later expansions and the house is a two-story five bay frame farmhouse with a gable roof. A two-story ell on the rear of the house is believed to have been constructed about 1870. A one story shed-roofed porch extends across the façade. The porch is supported by square posts connected by a plain balustrade.
 Slack Farmstead is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. The district includes four contributing structures; the farmhouse a dairy barn (1870) granary (c. 1850) and a hen house (c. 1910). Also on the property are a contributing stone wall hand-dug well and farm pond. The farmhouse is a five-bay 1 1⁄2-story frame building with a gable roof built about 1838.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 A chef's table is a table located in the kitchen of a restaurant reserved for VIPs and special guests. Patrons are served a themed tasting menu prepared and served by the head chef. Restaurants can require a minimum party and charge a higher flat fee. Because of the demand on the kitchen's facilities chef's tables are generally only available during off-peak times.
 Mount Airy is a historic home at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a two story cube-shaped brick Georgian-Federal style late neo-classical dwelling with a Doric portico on a central hall plan.It was built about 1857 for James Alexis Iglehart whose children were educated by their French tutor in the family schoolhouse. In addition to the schoolhouse a mid-19th century frame smokehouse is also on the property.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Dog and Duck was a tavern built upon St George's Fields in London in the 17th century. It was named after the sport of duck-baiting that took place in adjacent wetland. In the 18th century its gardens were used as a spa but by the 1770s with spas no longer fashionable it declined into a rowdy location for concerts. The magistrates refused to renew its licence despite protracted legal disputes and it closed in 1799.
 The Chapel of the Transfiguration is a small log chapel in Grand Teton National Park in the community of Moose. The chapel was sited and built to frame a view of the Cathedral Group of peaks in a large window behind the altar. The chapel which was built in 1925 is owned and operated by St. John's Episcopal Church in Jackson.
 The Humboldt County Courthouse is a courthouse in Dakota City Iowa United States the county seat of Humboldt County which dates from 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as a part of the PWA-Era County Courthouses of IA Multiple Properties Submission. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Glenwood-Brooklyn Historic District is a neighborhood near downtown Raleigh North Carolina. The 200-acre (0.81 km2) district encompasses 88 buildings that were constructed in the early to mid 20th century. The boundaries of Glenwood-Brooklyn are West Peace Street (to the south) St. Mary's Street (to the west) Wills Forest Street (to the north) and Glenwood Avenue (to the east). In 2002 the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Saint Anne's Hill Historic District is part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton Ohio United States. St. Anne's Hill constitutes an excellent grouping of both vernacular and high style Victorian residences which date roughly from 1860 to the early 20th century. Some structures such as the Bossler Mansion in the Second Empire style are the best of their style found in the city. The neighborhood is also significant for its German heritage.
 Vance Farmhouse also known as Meeks Farmhouse Dean's House and Bicentennial House is a historic home located on a West Virginia University farm at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. The original section was built about 1854 and is a two-story I house form brick dwelling. The 1 1/2 story rear addition was built before 1900 and the two-story side addition on the northeast elevation was added in the 1930s. It features a wrap-around porch added sometime before 1900.
 The West Park Bridge across the Sheyenne River in Valley City North Dakota is a concrete false arch structure that was built in 1924. Together with the corresponding East Park Bridge it brings Valley City's 4th Street across an oxbow of the Sheyenne River.
 The Beaufort Hotel is a hotel in Chepstow Wales located at the southeast corner of Beaufort Square at the end of St Mary Street on Mt Pleasant Road (A48 road). It became a Grade II listed building on 24 March 1975. It was established in the 16th century as a coaching inn; it claims to be the oldest continuously trading hotel in south Wales. The hotel has 23 en-suite bedrooms meeting rooms bar restaurant and a large banqueting suite. Historically the hotel has served as an auction house.
 Kannon-in (観音院 Kannon-in) formally known as Fudarakusan Jigen-ji Kannon-in (補陀落山慈眼寺観音院) is a Buddhist temple in Uemachi district of the city of Tottori Tottori Prefecture Japan. Kannon-in was built early in the Edo period (1603 – 1868) and is noted for its Edo-style Japanese garden.
 The Churchill Hospital is a teaching hospital in Oxford England.The hospital is primarily a centre for the treatment of cancer patients but also houses research and teaching facilities for the University of Oxford and Oxford Brookes University. It is part of Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust.
 The Buginese people are an ethnic group - the most numerous of the three major linguistic and ethnic groups of South Sulawesi in the southwestern province of Sulawesi third largest island of Indonesia. The Austronesian ancestors of the Buginese people settled on Sulawesi around 2500 B.C.E.
 The Frankenfield Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that spans Tinicum Creek in Point Pleasant Pennsylvania United States. The bridge is located in Bucks County on Cafferty Road about 0.6 miles (1.0 km) southeast of Headquarters Road near Vansant Airport and a similar distance northwest of East Dark Hollow Road near Palisades School District.
 Château de Chabannes was an orphanage in the village of Chabannes (part of today's Saint-Pierre-de-Fursac) in Vichy France where about 400 Jewish refugee children were saved from the Holocaust by efforts of its director Félix Chevrier and other teachers. It was operated by Œuvre de secours aux enfants (OSE) from 1940 to 1943.It is the subject of a 1999 documentary The Children of Chabannes by filmmakers Lisa Gossels (whose father and uncle were among the survivors) and Dean Wetherell.
 Old Stone Church (also known as the Presbyterian Meeting House) is a historic church at 304 E. Piccadilly Street in Winchester Virginia.The church meeting house was constructed in 1788. Upon its completion local Presbyterians began worshipping in the building. In 1800 the Winchester Presbytery officially established the congregation as the Presbyterian Church in Winchester. The first pastor was the Rev. Dr.
 Mercado de las Carnes (English: Meat Market) also known as La Plaza de los Perros (English: Dogs' Plaza) but formally Plaza Juan Ponce de León (Juan Ponce de León Plaza) was the first building in Puerto Rico to mix social and architectural elements via the pedestrian mall concept. The historic Art Deco architecture structure is located in Ponce Puerto Rico and dates from 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Brown Square House now the Garrison Inn is a historic pair of rowhouses at 11 Brown Square in Newburyport Massachusetts. The four story brick rowhouses were built in 1809 and 1810 by Moses Brown a Newburyport landowner shipbuilder and shipping merchant. Brown had planned to build a much longer row but suffered financial reverses and was unable to build more than the pair. Sometime before 1849 the building was adapted for use as a boarding house.
 The Wesley Building also known as the Robert Morris Hotel is a historic office building and hotel located at 1701-09 Arch Street at the corner of N. 17th Street in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Holy Trinity Episcopal Church founded in 1884 and now located at 50 West Strawbridge Avenue in Melbourne Florida in the United States is a historic parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida. Holy Trinity is the oldest church organization in Melbourne. Its original church building now the chapel is a historic Carpenter Gothic church built in 1886.
 St. Peter Cathedral is a Chaldean Catholic cathedral located in El Cajon California United States. It is the seat for the Eparchy of St. Peter the Apostle.
 Svaneholm Castle (Swedish: Svaneholms slott) on the shore of Lake Svaneholmssjön in Skurup Municipality Scania southern Sweden was initially erected in the 1530s by the Danish knight and royal advisor Mourids Jepsen Sparre. Original murder-holes in the oldest castle walls are still preserved.
 The IAC Building InterActiveCorp's headquarters located at 550 West 18th Street on the northeast corner of Eleventh Avenue in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is a Frank Gehry-designed building that was completed in 2007. Reminiscent of several other Gehry designs the building appears to consist of two major levels: a large base of twisted tower-sections packed together like the cells of a bee hive with a second bundle of lesser diameter sitting on top of the first.
 The Robert F. Lytle House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The architect was David L. Williams.
 Fink-Type Truss Bridge was located in the Allerton section of Clinton Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. The bridge was built in 1857 by the Trenton Locomotive and Machine Manufacturing Company. It consisted of a single-span through truss 100 feet (30 m) long 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and 19 feet (5.8 m) high.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 24 1974. It collapsed as a result of an automobile collision in 1978.
 Derriford Hospital is a large teaching hospital in Plymouth England. The hospital serves Plymouth and nearby areas of Devon and Cornwall. It also provides tertiary cardiothoracic surgery neurosurgery and renal transplant surgery for the whole of the South West Peninsula. The hospital is used for clinical training of medical students from the Peninsula Medical School which is maintained by the University of Plymouth and the University of Exeter.
 Faringdon Abbey was a Cistercian abbey located at Wyke just north of the small town of Faringdon in the English county of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire).The Royal manor of Faringdon was given to the Cistercian monks by King John in 1203 for the founding of an abbey. It was built at Wyke a lost placename that was located just north of the town between the Radcot Road and Grove Wood. It was almost certainly never finished for the abbey moved to Beaulieu in the New Forest in the following year.
 Leinesfjord Chapel (Norwegian: Leinesfjord kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Leinesfjorden. The church is part of the Leiranger parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1912 and seats about 150 people.
 The Chapel of the Incarnation is an L-shaped church building of the Mission style. It is located at 14070 Brandywine Rd. Brandywine Prince George's County Maryland.The cornerstone was laid in September 1916 and the chapel opened for Mass early in 1917. The chapel's architect William J. Palmer designed numerous residences and churches in Washington D.C. prepared the plans and specifications for the church and attached Parish Hall.
 City Center Square is a skyscraper in downtown Kansas City Missouri USA built by Skidmore Owings & Merrill in Spring of 1977. It consumes the entire block of 11th Street to 12th Street and from Main Street to Baltimore Street. It is 30-stories tall and uses a reinforced concrete structure evident by the look of the exterior.
 The Asa Gray House is a historic house located at 88 Garden Street Cambridge Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark. The house was designed in 1810 by architect Ithiel Town in the Federal style for the first head of the Harvard Botanic Garden and has been the residence of ornithologist Thomas Nuttall and botanist Asa Gray.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 The Benson Hotel is a 287-room historic hotel building in downtown Portland Oregon United States.It is owned and operated by Coast Hotels & Resorts. It was originally known as the New Oregon Hotel and is commonly known as The Benson. It has a reputation as one of Portland's finest hotels. The hotel is named after notable businessman and philanthropist Simon Benson. The Benson is the seventh largest hotel in Portland based on the number of rooms.
 The Snowdome is an indoor ski slope just off the A5 road in Tamworth Staffordshire England. It opened in May 1994 and was the first full-sized recreational indoor ski slope in the UK.
 Stewart Hall is a historic library and administration building associated with the West Virginia University and located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built between 1900 and 1902 and consists of a gabled central block a 2 1/2 story gabled entrance pavilion and a monumental octagonal tower. It is built of reinforced concrete and coursed Amherst sandstone blocks and is in the Romanesque Revival style. The interior features a two-story arcaded rotunda.
 Angkasapuri is the main governmental building for Malaysia's Ministry of Information and it is also the headquarters for Radio Television Malaysia (RTM).
 Peter DePew House is a historic home located in Orangetown New York in Rockland County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story dwelling built of locally quarried sandstone. The oldest section dates to about 1750. Also on the property is a large timber-framed barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.The Orangetown Historical Museum & Archives hosts changing exhibits of local history and culture in the house which is owned by the Town of Orangetown.
 Everetts Church of Christ (Everetts Christian Church) is a historic Disciples of Christ (DOC) church at 109 S. Broad Street in Everetts North Carolina.The congregation was organized in 1923 and the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The senior pastor is Rev. Dr. Tony Warren author of the highly acclaimed devotional book Footsteps of Recovery The mailing address is Everetts Christian Church PO Box 245 Everetts NC 27828.
 Alfred Street Baptist Church was founded in 1818 in Alexandria Virginia USA and located in the city’s oldest African American neighborhood the Bottoms. Three members of the First Baptist Church Jesse Henderson and two others bought some land on Alfred Street and built the church. In 1820 it started a Sabbath School for educating all ages. Alfred Street Baptist Church had a white minister until 1863 when it called its first black minister Rev. Samuel Madden. Later in the 1920s Rev.
 The Hearst Tower is a building located at 300 West 57th Street 959 Eighth Avenue near Columbus Circle in midtown Manhattan New York City New York. It is the world headquarters of the Hearst Corporation bringing together for the first time their numerous publications and communications companies under one roof including among others Cosmopolitan Esquire Marie Claire Harper's Bazaar Good Housekeeping and Seventeen.
 The Aloft Washington National Harbor is a hotel located on National Harbor near Oxon Hill Maryland. It lies at the intersection of Waterfront Street and American Way on the Potomac River across from Alexandria Virginia and outside of Washington D.C.. The 8-floor 190-guest room property was built in March 2009 and opened its doors as an operating hotel in April 2009.
 Reformed Church (Danish: Reformert Kirke) in Gothersgade opposite Rosenborg Castle is a church building used by the reformed congregations in Copenhagen Denmark. Consecrated in 1689 the church was instigated by Queen Charlotte Amalie consort of King Christian V who was herself a German Calvinist. The church is noted for its fine Baroque interiors which date from 1730 when it was restored after being damaged in the Copenhagen Fire of 1728.
 NEMA also known as Tenth and Market is a 754-unit residential apartment complex in the Mid-Market neighborhood of San Francisco California United States. The complex consists of a 19-story 220-foot (67 m) tower at Jessie and Tenth Streets and a 35-story 352-foot (107 m) tower at Market and Tenth Streets connected by a nine story podium along Tenth Street.
 Špilberk Castle (German: Spielberg) is an old castle on the hilltop in Brno Southern Moravia. It began to be built as early as the first half of the 13th century by the Přemyslid kings and complete by King Ottokar II of Bohemia.
 All Saints Church is an Episcopal church located in Pasadena California and part of the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles. The Reverend Ed Bacon is the current rector.The church has a reputation of being one of Southern California's most liberal churches and one of the largest Episcopal churches in the country. Rector Ed Bacon has indicated that political activism is in the DNA of the church.
 Redmond Regional Medical Center (originally Redmond Park Hospital) is located in Rome Georgia USA and is one of the largest employers in Floyd County with a staff of 1200 and over 250 affiliated doctors. Redmond is a 230 bed medical surgical and rehab unit serving Rome Floyd County and surrounding counties. Serving as the heart hospital for northwest Georgia Redmond offers cardiac services and is the only dedicated chest pain center in Northwest Georgia.
 The Fern Lake Patrol Cabin in Rocky Mountain National Park was designed by National Park Service landscape Daniel Ray Hull and built in 1925. The National Park Service Rustic cabin was used for a time as a ranger station.
 HM Prison Everthorpe is a Category C men's prison located to the south-west of Everthorpe (near Brough) in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated next to HMP Wolds.
 Titley Priory was a priory near Titley in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO32966011.
 Chalmers Hospital is an NHS general hospital located in Banff Scotland a small coastal town around 46.5 miles north west of Aberdeen.
 Sixteenth Street Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Birmingham Alabama which is frequented predominately by African Americans. In September 1963 it was the target of the racially motivated 16th Street Baptist Church bombing that killed four girls in the midst of the American Civil Rights Movement. The church is still in operation and is a central landmark in the Birmingham Civil Rights District. It was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 2006.
 Makefield Meeting also known as Makefield Monthly Meeting; Meeting House at Dolington is a historic Quaker meeting house complex located in Upper Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1752 and the second story was added in 1764. It is a two-story six bay stuccoed stone structure with a gable roof. The building was renovated in 1851.
 Noank Historic District is a historic district in the village of Noank in the town of Groton Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The district is of architectural significance because of the number and concentration of interesting houses particularly the vernacular Greek Revival and Gothic- and Eastlake-detailed dwellings which line its narrow streets....
 The Trafalgar is a hotel in London owned by Hilton Hotels & Resorts. It is Hilton's first unbranded property.Located on the south side of Trafalgar Square the hotel is a contemporary boutique hotel containing Rockwell Restaurant and notable roof gardens called the Vista Bar.The hotel houses 129 rooms and a gym. The building was once used by the Cunard Steamship Company. The boardroom was used in feature films such as Dr. No and The Ipcress File.
 Skärva House (Swedish: Skärva herrgård) is a manor house in Blekinge Sweden. It is located in Karlskrona Municipality.
 The Cahokia Courthouse State Historic Site is a reconstructed French-Canadian structure built about 1740 at what is now 107 Elm Street Cahokia Illinois. At various times it has served as a house and as a courthouse. It is currently interpreted to resemble its appearance about 1800 as a frontier courthouse of the Northwest Territory. The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 9 1972.
 The Prescott Public Library is a public library system in Prescott Arizona that includes a downtown branch at 215 East Goodwin St. and a community center branch.Prescott Public Library refers to the old Prescott Public Library at 125 Gurley Street a Carnegie library that is now an office building. This building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Caleb Baldwin Tavern is part of the Newtown Borough Historic District located in Newtown Connecticut United States. Built c. 1763 the two-and-a-half-story house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 23 2002. It is considered historically significant for its role in migration of French forces in which the building housed some of the army's officers in June 1781 en route to the Siege of Yorktown.
 San Sebastiano is an ancient church facing piazzetta della Selva in Siena Italy. It is located in the Contrada della Selva.Church construction began in 1492 and completed in 1656. The interior is frescoed by 16th century painters depicting Dream of St Irene by Stefano Volpi a Glory of St Sebastian and a Virtue and Angels by Sebastiano Folli a Stories of St Sebastian by Pietro Sorri and Rutilio Manetti.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Cemetery is an historic Episcopal church and cemetery located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland U.S.A.
 American Temperance University opened in 1893 in the planned town of Harriman Tennessee which was developed as a community with no alcoholic beverages permitted. In its second year of operation the institution enrolled 345 students from 20 states. However it closed in 1908. Those who attended included two students who later became members of the U.S. House of Representatives John Jennings Jr.
 St Laurence's Church Church Stretton (alternative spelling St Lawrence) is in Church Street Church Stretton Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of St Michael and All Angels All Stretton and All Saints Little Stretton to form the parish of Church Stretton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Circular Congregational Church is a church located in Charleston South Carolina USA founded in 1681. Its parish house the Parish House of the Circular Congregational Church is a highly significant architectural work by Robert Mills and is recognized as a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 The First National Bank Building also known as the Citizens and Peoples National Bank Building is an historic two-story Classical Revival style building located at 213 South Palafox Street in Pensacola Escambia County Florida. Built in 1906-1908 by Charlie Hunter it was designed by the New York architectural firm Mowbray and Uffinger.
 The Church St. Adalbert is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Staten Island New York City.The parish was established in 1901.
 Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Transfiguration of Our Lord is a historic Russian Orthodox cathedral at 228 N. 12th Street in Williamsburg Brooklyn New York New York. It was built between 1916 and 1921 to the designs by Louis Allmendiger. The plan is based on a Greek cross and is designed in the Russian version of the Byzantine style.
 Saga Castle (佐賀城 Saga-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Saga City Saga Prefecture Japan. It is a hiraijirō a castle built on a plains rather than a hill or mountain and is surrounded by a wall rather than being built above a stone base. Saga castle was home to the Nabeshima clan daimyō of Saga Domain. It was also known as Submerged Castle (沈み城 Shizumi-jō).
 Stockland Green Hills is a major shopping Centre located in East Maitland an eastern suburb of Maitland New South Wales Australia.It is located on Molly Morgan Drive East Maitland near the New England Highway on a 15.7-hectare (38.8-acre) parcel of land and primarily serves the Maitland Lower Hunter and the Upper Hunter regions to the west of Newcastle.
 The Capt. Alexander Crocker House is a historic house at 358 Sea Street in the Hyannis village of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1865 and his one of the village's finest Italianate houses. It has roughly square proportions with an off-center entry flanked by a single-story projecting bay window both of which are topped by cornices with brackets.
 James Given Tavern also known as Two Mile House is a historic inn and tavern located at South Middleton Township in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1820. It consists of a 2 1/2-story five bay wide limestone main block with a two-story two bay rear kitchen ell and 1 1/2-story stone addition built in the 1920s. It has a Federal style interior. A portico with Doric order columns was built about 1840.
 The Sky Tower is an observation and telecommunications tower located on the corner of Victoria and Federal Streets in the Auckland CBD Auckland City New Zealand. It is 328 metres (1076 ft) tall as measured from ground level to the top of the mast making it the tallest free-standing structure in the Southern Hemisphere. Due to its shape and height especially when compared to the next tallest structures it has become an iconic structure in Auckland's skyline.
 The President Gerald R. Ford Jr. House is a historic home located at Alexandria Virginia. It was the home of Gerald Ford and his family from the time of its construction until the Fords moved into the White House on August 19 1974. It was built in 1955 and consists of a rectangular 2-story main block with a two-story eastern housing a garage and the master bedroom and a one-story rear extension. A 20 foot by 40 foot swimming pool was added in 1961.
 Raheja Towers is an 11-storied building in Chennai India. Located on the arterial Anna Salai the building has a total built-up area of 399000 sq ft. It is one of the earliest Grade A commercial projects of the city which were developed in the second half of the 1990s.
 The Martyrs’ Shrine is a Roman Catholic church in Midland Ontario Canada which is consecrated to the memory of the Canadian Martyrs six Jesuit Martyrs and two lay persons from the mission of Sainte-Marie among the Hurons. It is one of nine National Shrines in Canada including among others St. Joseph's Oratory in Montreal and the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.In 1907 Dennis O'Connor Archbishop of Toronto consecrated a small chapel at Waubaushene near the site where Sts.
 Constant Riley W. Bixby House is a historic home located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a two story cobblestone structure built in 1845 by Vermont native Constant Riley W. Bixby in the Greek Revival style. It features smooth regularly shaped evenly colored lakewashed cobblestones in its construction. It is one of approximately 47 cobblestone structures in Niagara County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The C.R. Thomson House and Barn are historic buildings at 795 Chockalog Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The house is a modest 1 1⁄2 story timber frame cottage estimated to have been built around 1800. It is predominantly vernacular in its styling except for a c. 1870s Victorian entry. The barn on the property also dates to the 1870s and has some elaborate Gothic styling including bracketed cornices and bargeboard decoration around its entrances.
 San Carlo ai Catinari also called Santi Biagio e Carlo ai Catinari (Saints Blaise and Charles in Catinari) is an early-Baroque style church in Rome Italy. It is located on Piazza Benedetto Cairoli 117 just off the corner of Via Arenula and Via dei Falegnami a few blocks south of the church of Sant'Andrea della Valle.The attribute ai Catinari refers to the presence at the time of its construction of many dishmaker shops in the same street as the church.
 The Court at 533-549 North Lincoln Avenue is a bungalow court located at 533-549 North Lincoln Avenue in Pasadena California. The court consists of four bungalows surrounding a central courtyard and driveway. The bungalows have an American Craftsman design and feature gabled roofs with exposed rafter tails casement windows and porches supported by Doric columns. T. G. Grabham the original owner of the court built the four homes between 1922 and 1925. Architect G.
 The Dr. H. Huber Block is a historic commercial building in downtown Ottawa Ohio United States. Built in 1882 it was erected for Dr. Hubert Huber a native of Germany who immigrated to the nearby village of Glandorf in 1853. This Italianate three-story brick building is typical of many commercial buildings constructed in villages such as Ottawa in the late nineteenth century: as prosperity increased building owners sought to rebuild their structures in the style of those in large cities.
 Indira Gandhi Co-operative Hospital (IGCH) formerly known as the Cochin Co-operative Hospital is a hospital operating in the co-operative sector in Kochi Kerala India.
 The Church of Bethphage also spelled Beitphage meaning house of the early figs is a Franciscan church located on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem. It contains a stone traditionally identified as the one which Jesus used to mount the donkey at the start of his procession into Jerusalem.
 The Kingsgate Centre is an indoor shopping centre located in the town centre of Dunfermline Fife Scotland. Marks and Spencer and Debenhams anchor the main entrances to the shopping centre. The Kingsgate was extended in 2008 at which time it also underwent significant refurbishment. The centre has a three-storey car park on the roof and contains 74 retail units over two floors.
 The Smoky Hollow Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 27 2000) located in Tallahassee Florida. The district is bounded by East Lafayette Street CSX RR tracks Myers Park and Myers Park Lane. It contains 14 historic buildings and 3 structures.On January 14 2009 a decrease in the district's boundary was implemented.
 The Neue Kirche (English: New Church; colloquially Deutscher Dom i.e. German Church) is located in Berlin on the Gendarmenmarkt across from French Church of Friedrichstadt (French Church). Its parish comprised the northern part of the then new quarter of Friedrichstadt which until then belonged to the parish of the congregations of Jerusalem's Church.
 Smith's Irrigation Ditch is a historic ditch located in Washington Park Denver Colorado United States. Dug in 1865 it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Omaha Scoular Building is a five story commercial use building located in the Park East neighborhood of Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1925 the building was originally built as the headquarters for The Scoular Company which it currently still houses. The building was first renovated in 1988 when a new glass lobby with marble staircase was added.
 277 Park Avenue is an office building in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City. It stands on the east side of Park Avenue between 47th and 48th Streets; it is 687 feet (209 m) tall with 50 floors.The building currently houses parts of JPMorgan Chase's Investment Bank Commercial Bank and other corporate functions.
 Mode Gakuen Spiral Towers (モード学園スパイラルタワーズ Mōdo gakuen supairaru tawāzu) is a 170-metre (558 ft) 36-story educational facility located in Nakamura-ku Nagoya Aichi Japan. The building is home to three vocational schools: Nagoya Mode Gakuen HAL Nagoya and Nagoya Isen.
 The A. J. Mason Building is a single-story brick building that is the only remaining original structure in Tullahassee. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places August 5 1985.
 Huguenot Memorial Museum portrays the history of the French Huguenots who came to South Africa at the end of the seventeenth century. This is depicted in the museum. Displays are housed in the main building and continue in the annex. The museum also has a shop and is adjacent to the Huguenot Monument.
 The J. R. Allen House at 1047 East 13200 South in Draper Utah was built in 1899-1900. It was designed by architect Richard K.A. Kletting designer of the Utah State Capitol building and is significant as one of relatively few surviving residences designed by him. Its importance in that way is magnified by documentation in photographs and in original plans that remain available. It is also important as an artifact of Jackson R.
 The Stone Arch Bridge is a bridge in Danville Illinois which carries U.S. Route 136 across Stony Creek. The segmental arch bridge is 92 feet (28 m) long and built with sandstone. The bridge was built in the 1890s to facilitate Danville's expansion during an industrial boom. As various geographic and political limitations prevented the city from expanding in any directions but east and southeast the city grew over Stony Creek necessitating a new bridge.
 Cīrava Palace (Latvian: Cīravas muižas pils; German: Schloß Zierau) is located in the village of Cīrava Cīrava parish Aizpute municipality Latvia. It is a national architecture monument included in the list of the culture monuments under state protection. The oldest county administrative documents relating to the subsequent estate are no longer found in publications or extracts from the Baltic German historians archives.
 Avenel also known as the William M. Burwell House is a historic home located at Bedford Virginia. It was built about 1836 and is a two-story brick dwelling with a blend of Federal and Greek Revival styling. It is topped by a hipped roof and has a one-story wraparound porch. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse hen house a frame 19th-century barn and site of a kitchen building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Ellingham Hall Northumberland is an English country house in the county of Northumberland in the civil parish of Ellingham.The hall was built in the 17th century by Sir John Haggerston on the site of an earlier building. It was enlarged under the ownership of his successor Edward Haggerston but suffered severe damage in a fire that burned most of the East wing to the ground.
 Belle Mina known as Belmina during the 19th century is a historic plantation and plantation house in Belle Mina Alabama United States. Completed in 1826 the Late Georgian-style house was built for Alabama's second governor Thomas Bibb.Originally located at the center of a 2500-acre (10 km2) plantation complex the red brick main house is one of the earliest Alabama examples of a stereotypical columned plantation house.
 The Francis Land House or Rose Hall is a historic brick house in located within the Rose Hall District near Princess Anne Plaza in Virginia Beach Virginia. It was the plantation home of the prominent Land family a founding family of Princess Anne County Virginia.
 Morton Homestead is a historic homestead that is part of Morton Homestead State Park at 100 Lincoln Avenue in Prospect Park Delaware County Pennsylvania.The homestead was founded in 1654 by Morton Mortenson a Finnish immigrant when the area was part of the New Sweden colony. Mortenson's great-grandson John Morton signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776.
 The Frick Art Reference Library is a research institution affiliated with The Frick Collection. It is located in the Henry Clay Frick House at 10 East 71st Street (between Madison and Fifth Avenue) in New York City. The Library is housed in a thirteen-floor building designed by the architect John Russell Pope.
 Addison Village Hall was a historic village hall located at Addison in Steuben County New York. It was built in 1906 and is a four story greyish brown brick rectangular structure. The facade featured a projecting center pavilion that reaches five stories and is flanked by identical two story one bay wings. It was demolished in 1994 and the site is now occupied by the Old Village Hall Memorial Park.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Royal Victoria Hotel is a hotel situated in Newport Shropshire. It dates back to 1830 and gains its name from Queen Victoria who opened the hotel in 1832 and who gifted the hotel with a pair of tortoise shells to commemorate the opening. The building has been extended over time and now operates as a hotel bar and restaurant.
 Natoma Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 408 N. 3rd Street in Natoma Kansas.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The J. Mack Robinson College of Business Administration Building is a 14 story highrise at the corner of Broad and Marietta streets in the Fairlie-Poplar district of Downtown Atlanta that houses the business school of Georgia State University. When completed in 1901 as the Empire Building it was the first steel-frame structure and the tallest in the city until surpassed by the Candler Building in 1906.
 The Hanora Mills (also known as the Hanora Lippitt Mills Apartments) are an historic site in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The oldest part of the mill complex was constructed in brick around 1827 by the Ballou family and it was named Harrison Mills. The mill was a water powered facility with a specially dug trench. In the mid-nineteenth century Henry Lippitt's company purchased the mill from the Ballous and it became known as Lippitt Mills.
 SM City Taytay is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings. It is located in the municipality of Taytay Rizal which is recognized as the Garments Capital of the Philippines and now also the home of the First SM Supermall in the Province in Rizal. The mall consists of two buildings connected by a bridgeway. It is the 29th mall of SM with a complete array of anchor and junior anchor stores that offer its customers variety of choices.
 The American Heart Institute (AHI) is the first private hospital to provide non-invasive and invasive cardiology interventions and the entire spectrum of adult Cardiothoracic surgery in Cyprus. On March 2011 The American Heart Institute started its operations in its new premises and became a department of the American Medical Center whilst new specialties joined the Center.
 The San Remo (145 and 146 Central Park West) is a luxury 27-floor co-operative apartment building in Manhattan located between West 74th Street and West 75th Streets which is three blocks north of The Dakota.
 Kai Restaurant is a Forbes Travel Guide 5-star restaurant in Chandler Arizona. It specializes in cuisine of the Southwestern United States.[citation needed]
 Frick's Tavern is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1974. The building is a two story brick structure that sits on the northwest corner of West Third and Fillmore Streets. It’s part of a small commercial district near the historic German neighborhoods and the industrial areas along the Mississippi River.
 Iglesia San Miguel Arcángel is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Cabo Rojo Puerto Rico. Construction on the building started in 1773 and was completed in 1783. The church's archives holds the birth records of Ramón Emeterio Betances Salvador Brau and the pirate Roberto Cofresi.
 The Fulton County Courthouse built in 1870 is a historic courthouse building located in Wauseon Ohio. On May 7 1973 it was added to the National Register.
 All Saints Church Putney is an Anglican church in London located on Putney Common.All Saints is one of the two churches in the Parish of Putney the other being St. Mary's Church Putney. The parish is within the Wandsworth Deanery the Kingston Episcopal Area and the Diocese of Southwark.
 The Château du Bousquet is a castle in the commune of Arcambal in the Lot département of France.The origins of the castle date back to the 11th century. The keep which does not appear to have been altered dates from this time. Alterations were made in the 13th 15th 16th and 17th centuries. The castle was burned on three occasions. Legend has it that the castle was a former commandery of the Knights of Malta.
 Ferron Presbyterian Church and Cottage (also known as the American Legion Hall) is a historic Presbyterian church at Mill Road and 3rd West in Ferron Utah.The Gothic Revival style building was constructed in 1908 as a Presbyterian church and school by the Christian Endeavor Society. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is now an American Legion Hall.
 Wethersfield Stone Schoolhouse is a historic one room school building located at Trenton in Oneida County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a vernacular one story rectangular gable roofed stone masonry structure 26 by 30 feet (7.9 by 9.1 m). It functioned as a public school until 1934.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Benjamin Franklin Holland House (also known as The Gables or Roy Trent Gallemore House) is a historic home in Bartow Florida. It is located at 590 East Stanford Street. Benjamin Franklin Holland was the father of Spessard Holland one of Florida's governors as well as a United States senator representing the state. On April 3 1975 the house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary Magdalene is a parish church in Stockbury Kent built in the late 12th century with additions in the 13th and 15th centuries and restoration in the 19th century. It is a Grade I listed building.Construction of the church was begun around 1200 with the chancel and the north aisle surviving from this period. It is constructed of flint with stone dressings. The roofs are of plain tiles. The nave and south aisle were reconstructed in the 19th century by R. C. Hussey.
 Benedictine Priory King's Lynn was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England. The building was saved after the reformation as the parish church for King's Lynn and is now King's Lynn Minster
 Fort Richardson was an United States Army installation located one mile (1.6 km) south of Jacksboro Texas. Named in honor of Union General Israel B. Richardson who died in the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War it was active from 1867 to 1878. Today the site is called Fort Richardson State Park Historic Site & Lost Creek Reservoir State Trailway
 The Fred T. Sterling House is an Arts & Crafts style residence in Missoula Montana designed by the architect Albert J. Gibson and built in 1912 for a businessman Frederick Sterling and his wife Lucina.
 The United Traction Company Building is located on Broadway in Albany New York United States. It is a brick building by local architect Marcus T. Reynolds in the Renaissance Revival architectural style constructed at the end of the 19th century. In 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Holy Cross Church and Convent is a Roman Catholic church and convent in Green Bay Wisconsin. It was built in 1862 and was designed in the Romanesque and Italianate architectural styles. Currently it is also a church school. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 28 2001 for its architectural significance.
 The Cactus Theater is a theater located in Lubbock Texas US. It hosts live music productions musicals and theatrical plays.
 St Margaret and St Andrew's Church Littleham Exmouth is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Littleham Exmouth.
 Mercy San Juan Medical Center is a major hospital located in Carmichael California an unincorporated suburb of Sacramento California. It is a Level II trauma center. Mercy San Juan began serving the Sacramento area on February 15 1967. The hospital has 370 beds 2300 employees and 430 active medical staff. It is currently operated by Dignity Health.
 The Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum is a natural history museum in the Prince of Songkla University in southern Thailand. It was originally known as the Natural History Museum of Prince of Songkla University (PSU Museum). After a renovation it was renamed and re-opened in 14 January 2008 by HRH Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn. The museum's three-storeyed exhibition building is located in the Faculaty of Science.
 Bachelor Hall is a three story brick academic building on the Miami University campus in Oxford Ohio USA. It was built in 1978 and named after Miami University and Harvard University graduate Joseph M. Bachelor (1889—1947). It houses the Math and English departments the Speech and Hearing Clinic and the Chair of Communications and Theatre.
 The Spencer Museum of Art or SMA is an art museum on the campus of University of Kansas in Lawrence Kansas. While admission is free donations are accepted. Also located inside the Spencer Museum of Art are the Kress Foundation Department of Art History and the Murphy Library of Art & Architecture.It is named for Helen Foresman Spencer whose husband Kenneth A. Spencer owned the Pittsburg and Midway Coal Company in Pittsburg Kansas.
 Eldora Historic District is a historic district in Eldora Colorado. Other names of the district and/or other historic names of places in the district are Happy Valley Eldorado Camp and 5BL758. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Gatot Soebroto Army Hospital (Indonesian Rumah Sakit Pusat Angkatan Darat Gatot Soebroto abbreviated as RSPAD Gatot Soebroto) is a hospital in Jakarta Indonesia. The name of the hospital is derived from Gatot Subroto a National Hero of Indonesia. Established in 1819 the hospital is now the main hospital for the Indonesian Army. The hospital also provides services for general civilians.
 The Grand Hotel is a former hotel which still stands in a derelict state in the English coastal village of Mundesley in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom.
 Liebenstein Castle (German: Burg Liebenstein) is a castle above the village of Kamp-Bornhofen in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.
 Harrisburg State Hospital formerly known as Pennsylvania State Lunatic Hospital from 1851 to 1937 in Harrisburg Pennsylvania Dauphin County on Cameron and McClay Streets was Pennsylvania’s first public facility to house the mentally ill and disabled. Architect(s): John Haviland / Addison Hutton Location: Harrisburg Pennsylvania Date: 1851 / 1935 Building Type: Health Care Construction System: Sandstone Brick Stone Sandstone Iron Building Style: Classical Revival
 The Aon Center (200 East Randolph Street formerly Amoco Building) is a modern skyscraper in the Chicago Loop Chicago Illinois United States designed by architect firms Edward Durell Stone and The Perkins and Will partnership and completed in 1974 as the Standard Oil Building. With 83 floors and a height of 1136 feet (346 m) it is the third tallest building in Chicago surpassed in height by the Willis Tower and the Trump International Hotel and Tower.
 The Marion Battelle Three-Decker is a historic triple decker residence at 13 Preston Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved and detailed example of a triple decker with Queen Anne styling. It is built with typical side hall plan with a hip roof punctured by a gable dormer on the front facade.
 Warwood Fire Station is a historic fire station located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1923 and is a two-story rectangular brick building in the Classical Revival-style. The three-bay front facade has two garage openings with a single center entrance. It has an entablature is a centered limestone panel incised with FIRE DEPARTMENT NO. 11.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Lynn Armory is a historic armory building at 36 S. Common Street in Lynn Massachusetts. It is one of the best examples of Romanesque Revival architecture in the city. It was built in 1893 out of red sandstone to a design by Wheeler & Northend. It features a head house measuring 68 feet (21 m) wide and 86 feet (26 m) deep behind which is a drill shed that is 127 feet (39 m) long.
 Jeremiah Buck House is located in Bridgeton Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1808 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 30 1975.
 The Frank St. Andrews House is located in Kaukauna Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 1984.
 The Muiderslot is a castle in the Netherlands located at the mouth of the river Vecht some 15 kilometers southeast of Amsterdam in Muiden where it flows into what used to be the Zuiderzee. It's one of the better known castles in the Netherlands and has been featured in many television shows set in the Middle Ages.
 The Hospital Italiano de Buenos Aires is a private hospital in Buenos Aires capital of Argentina. It has 500 beds and serves around 2000 inpatients per month. Its main facilities cover a surface area of 78000 m² (850000 ft²). The hospital treats both private patients and those derived by social security. It also provides its own health insurance plan being the most important pre-paid healthcare service in Argentina with about 110000 clients.
 Godthaab Church is a Church of Denmark parish church in the northern part of the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Godthaab Parish takes its name from Godthaabsvej the principal artery of the area.
 Hamilton Town Center is a retail lifestyle center in Noblesville Indiana. Opened in 2008 it is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Ingmire Hall is a grade II listed 16th-century country house built around the remains of a pele tower some 2 miles west of Sedbergh Cumbria England.The house was first constructed for the Upton Family in the 16th century. It was enlarged in the early 19th century by architect George Webster and extended around 1900. After being partially destroyed by fire in 1928 it was extended again and then partially remodelled in 1989.
 The Eagle House in Lonoke Arkansas is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house that was built in 1915. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Bertie Memorial Hospital is a critical access hospital located in Windsor North Carolina. It is a part of Vidant Health. The original hospital opened in 1952 with Hill-Burton Act funding. It closed temporarily in 1985 and underwent several turnovers in management. Vidant Health took over management in 1998 and provided money for a new hospital in September 2001. The hospital was the first in the nation constructed according to Critical Access Hospital standards.
 Wright's Stone Store is a historic store building located at Morristown in St. Lawrence County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story building with an exposed basement built of local limestone about 1821. It is the earliest commercial structure in Morristown and served as a provisions store and community center until 1864.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 University of Colorado Hospital or University Hospital (formerly named Colorado General Hospital) is the principal teaching hospital for the University of Colorado Denver located in Aurora Colorado.In the most recent (2012–13) U.S. News and World Report hospital rankings University of Colorado Hospital ranked in the top 50 for 5 of 16 medical specialties.In 2005 UCH was redesignated by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) as a magnet facility.
 The Bowers School is an historic school building on 411 Water Street in Clinton Massachusetts. The two story brick schoolhouse was built in 1892 to a design by Joshua Thissell. The building was dedicated in honor of Rev. Charles Manning Bowers a longtime member of the Clinton School Committee.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Farmers and Merchants Union Bank in Columbus Wisconsin also known as Farmers' and Merchants' Union Bank is the last of eight jewel box banks designed by Louis Sullivan and the next to last of those being constructed.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located at the northwest corner of James Street and Broadway in Columbus.
 101 Street Tower formerly known as Oxford Tower is an office tower in Edmonton Alberta Canada. It stands at 118 metres (387 feet) or 29 stories tall and was completed in 1978.
 Melbu Church (Norwegian: Melbu kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Melbu on the island of Hadseløya. The church is part of the Melbu parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1938 by Harald Sund to seat about 250 people.
 Mellon Institute of Industrial Research founded in 1913 by Andrew W. Mellon and Richard B. Mellon merged with the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1967 to form Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. While it ceased to exist as a distinct institution the landmark building bearing its name remains located at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Bellefield in Oakland the city's university district.
 Mirazur is a restaurant in Menton France. The restaurant was voted 35th best in the world in Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2009.
 The Schuylkill Mall is a former regional Crown American shopping mall located in Frackville Pennsylvania. Ownership of the mall later transferred to PREIT after the merger with Crown American. In March 2007 Empire Reality Investments bought the Schuylkill Mall and currently owns and operates the amenity as of August 2011. The facility features approximately 96 storefronts many of which are currently vacant.
 The Buckingham in Indianapolis Indiana is a multiple unit dwelling that was built in 1909. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Zion Chapel is a former Strict Baptist place of worship in the village of Newick in Lewes District one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex. The tiny building was opened for worship in 1834 in a part of Sussex which was a hotbed of Protestant Nonconformism and remained as one of three places of worship in the small Wealden village until 2001 when it was sold for conversion to flats. The chapel is protected as a Grade II listed building.
 Silent Wings Museum The Legacy of The World War II Glider Pilots is a museum in Lubbock Texas.
 Hotel Porta Fira (also Torres de Toyo Ito with Torre Realia BCN) is a 28-storey 113 m (371 ft) skyscraper hotel designed by Toyo Ito on the Plaza de Europa in the district of Granvia l'Hospitalet in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat a suburb of Barcelona Catalonia Spain. The building was the 2010 first place winner of the Emporis Skyscraper Award.
 The B and B Chemical Company is an historic streamline moderne building at 784 Memorial Drive in Cambridge Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1937 by Coolidge Shepley Bulfinch & Abbott and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is owned by The Bulfinch Companies of Needham Massachusetts.
 Rock Ledge is a historic mansion in Norwalk Connecticut in the Rowayton section.It was built in 1911 featuring Tudor Revival and Jacobethan Revival architecture. Edward Moeller designed the structure. The mansion belonged to a U.S. Steel executive. The former Rock Ledge estate at 33 and 40-42 Highland Avenue was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Spring Grove Cemetery and Arboretum (733 acres) is a nonprofit garden cemetery and arboretum located at 4521 Spring Grove Avenue Cincinnati Ohio. It is the second largest cemetery in the United States and is recognized as a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 Holy Name of Jesus Catholic Church in San Francisco is a parish of the Archdiocese of San Francisco in San Francisco California one of four Catholic churches in San Francisco's Sunset District. The church is distinctive because of its modern architecture and large size and can be seen up the hill from nearby Ocean Beach.The parish was established in 1925 with Father Richard J. Ryan as its first pastor. A temporary structure served as the first church in 1926.
 Hyatt Regency Albuquerque is a 20-story highrise hotel located at 330 Tijeras Avenue NW in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. The building is 78 m (256 ft) tall making it Albuquerque's second tallest building and tallest hotel. It was built in 1990 as part of the Albuquerque Plaza mixed-use complex on the south side of Civic Plaza which also includes the Albuquerque Plaza tower.The Albuquerque Plaza complex was designed by Hellmuth Obata & Kassabaum and built in 1990.
 Kotavank (Armenian: Կոթավանք; also Surb Astvatsatsin meaning Holy Mother of God) is a church located on a hill overlooking the Argitchi River and village of Nerkin Getashen south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. A large medieval cemetery surrounds the church with numerous khachkars. A modern cemetery adjacent has started to encroach upon the old one leaving many of the khachkars and ancient tombstones upturned in a pile moved from their original locations.
 Burg Golling is a castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 The Denver Museum of Nature & Science is a municipal natural history and science museum in Denver Colorado. It is a resource for informal science education in the Rocky Mountain region. A variety of exhibitions programs and activities help museum visitors learn about the natural history of Colorado Earth and the universe.
 Rødven Church (Norwegian: Rødven kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Rødven. The church is part of the Eid og Holm parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The red wooden church was built by the architect Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland in 1907 and the church seats about 120 people. The church was built to replace the historic Rødven Stave Church which sits just across the road.
 The Old Church of St Afran St Ieuan and St Sannan Llantrisant is a redundant church in the settlement of Llantrisant Anglesey Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. It is set in an isolated position off a country road and is adjacent to a farmstead.
 The Stitt House is an Italianate style house located in Hot Springs Arkansas. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Juravinski Cancer Centre (JCC) is a comprehensive centre for cancer care and cancer research in Hamilton Ontario Canada. Operated by Hamilton Health Sciences it is adjacent to the Juravinski Hospital which provides emergency department facilities.Juravinski Hospital and Juravinski Cancer Centre compose a full-service general hospital offering cancer care and orthopedics.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Cadeby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Cadeby South Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Old U.S. Post Office and Federal Building in Macon Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It includes Classical Revival architecture.
 St Andrew's Church Wroxeter is a redundant Church of England parish church in the village of Wroxeter Shropshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Both the village of Wroxeter and the church are in the southwest corner of the former Roman town of Viroconium.
 The Sarah Davidson Apartment Block is a historic commercial and multifamily residential building at 3 Gaylord Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The three story brick sandstone and copper Classical Revival building was constructed in 1901 to a design by A. B. Pinkham. The building located at the corner of Gaylord and Washington Streets has three commercial storefronts facing Washington Street which are separated by sandstone piers.
 The Chesed-El Synagogue is a synagogue in Singapore. It is located at Oxley Rise in the River Valley Planning Area within the Central Area in Singapore's central business district.The synagogue was constructed in 1905. As the Jewish community grew beyond the capacity of the Maghain Aboth Synagogue there was a need for this second place of worship which was built in the late-Renaissance style. It was also one of the first places to use gaslights in Singapore.
 The Lafayette County Courthouse built in 1908 is an historic courthouse building located in Mayo Florida It was designed by Atlanta-based architect Edward Columbus Hosford in the Classical Revival style who designed other courthouses in Florida and other states. It was built of Indiana limestone by the Mutual Construction Company of Louisville Kentucky.
 The Cavallero House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama. It was built in 1835 in the Federal style a cast iron gallery was added in the mid-19th century. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 7 1982. In addition to be individually listed in the National Register the house is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.
 The Cold Spring Harbor Library & Environmental Center is located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was originally founded as the Cold Spring Harbor Village Improvement Society in 1899. However the library consisting of a small collection of books was first organized in 1886 and was housed at the Cutting House 241 Harbor Road Cold Spring Harbor. This building was located across the street from the local gristmill and the first librarian was the miller’s wife Mrs.
 US Post Office—Niagara Falls Main is a historic post office building located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It was designed and built 1904-1907 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James Knox Taylor.
 The Davenport House is a Tudor Revival house built in 1921 in Greer South Carolina The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Browns Hotel is a guesthouse and public bar in Laugharne Carmarthenshire Wales. It has been owned by Nigel Short since 2006 and was refurbished in 2012. It is known for being the favourite pub of the poet and writer Dylan Thomas who lived in Laugharne from 1938-1940 and from 1949-1953 in the Boathouse (latterly known as the Dylan Thomas Boathouse) which is now a museum.
 The William Park House at 330 Main St. in Sprague Connecticut was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It was built by master carpenter Peck McWilliams and may have been designed by him as well or by an unknown architect; its design might have been adapted from an architectural patternbook design. The design includes Bungalow/craftsman architecture and Prairie School architecture elements.
 The Fort of Má Ferramenta (Portuguese: Forte da Má Ferramenta) near the port of the civil parish of São Mateus da Calheta municipality of Angra do Heroísmo along the southern coast of the Portuguese island of Terceira in the archipelago of the Azores. Located in a dominant position over this coastal stretch of coast that sheltered anchored ships it was a fortification used as a defence against attacks from pirates and corsairs that frequented the waters of the mid-Atlantic.
 W. D. Burrows House also known as Hopewell is a historic home and farm located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling. It has a full basement and gable roof. Also on the property are a contributing barn a machine shed chicken house and assorted storagesheds. They are dated to the late-19th and early-20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Wananalua Congregational Church is a historic 19th-century building on the remote coast of Maui in Hawaii.
 Fairlane Village Mall is a shopping mall located on the west side of Route 61 just north of Pottsville Pennsylvania. It is anchored by Boscov's and Kohl's Department Stores. Other major tenants include Amelia's Grocery Outlet Harbor Freight Tools Lowe's and Super Shoes. It is the closest mall to the city and is in competition with the larger Schuylkill Mall to the north.
 Ranken Jordan – A Pediatric Specialty Hospital is one of a handful of hospitals in the United States that provide rehabilitation and subacute medical treatment for children regardless of the family's ability to pay. Ranken Jordan is a private not-for-profit specialty pediatric rehabilitation hospital located in Maryland Heights Missouri.
 The Frank Chamberlain Clark House in Medford Oregon was designed by architect Frank Chamberlain Clark in Colonial Revival style and was built in 1930. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Orlando Humason House is a historic house located in The Dalles Oregon United States. Humason (1828–1875) the Father of Wasco County lived in this modest Gothic Revival house from its construction in 1860 until his death. Originally from Ohio he worked in law prospecting agriculture and journalism prior to settling in The Dalles as a prosperous merchant and river transport businessman.
 The Bank of California Building or also The Bidwell & Company Building is a historic two-story building in downtown Portland Oregon. Since 1978 it has been on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is currently vacant.This location was the site of the first Portland Central Library which moved to its present site in the early 1920s. The Bank of California saw the lot as fit to build a Portland branch and hired local notable architect A. E. Doyle to design it.
 W. J. Jim Estelle Unit (E2 originally the Ellis II Unit) is a prison located on Farm to Market Road 3478 in unincorporated Walker County Texas United States 10 miles (16 km) north of central Huntsville. The prison with about 5459 square feet (507.2 m2) of space is operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice.
 The George F. Lee Octagon Houses were built by farmer and carpenter George F. Lee south of Nebraska City Nebraska near the Missouri River. The first constrtucted was a frame octagon house whose date of construction is unknown; the second a brick octagon house was built in 1872 across the road from the first.On November 23 1977 they were added to the National Register of Historic Places. Today only the wooden house survives.
 The Fusilier Museum is a museum in Bury Greater Manchester England. The museum houses the collection of the Lancashire Fusiliers commemorating over three hundred years of the regiment's history. The museum occupies a building which was formerly Bury's School of Arts and Crafts.
 Beverly is a historic home located in Pocomoke City Worcester County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian-style Flemish bond brick house built about 1770. The house faces the Pocomoke River.
 St Anne and St Agnes is a church located at Gresham Street in the City of London near the Barbican. While St Anne's is an Anglican foundation from 1966 to 2013 it was let to a congregation of the Lutheran Church in Great Britain.
 The Schech Mill is a historic mill located in Houston County Minnesota United States. It is one of three watermills in Minnesota still operating solely with water power and the only one to have its original millstone. Built by John Blinn in 1876 it was purchased by a Minneapolis miller Michael Schech who had emigrated from Bavaria Germany. The mill produced cornmeal rye buckwheat wheat flour graham flour and whole wheat cereal which was sold in Caledonia and Houston Minnesota.
 Holy Spirit Hospital is a Charitable Trust Hospital located in Andheri Mumbai owned and managed by the Missionary Sisters Servants of the Holy Spirit
 The Granville Fuller House is a Queen Anne-style home located at 2027 Galena St in Aurora Colorado United States. It was built in 1892 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is one of only a few surviving and intact houses commissioned by Aurora’s founder real estate developer Donald Fletcher.
 The Dezell House is a historic U.S. home in Greensboro Florida. It is located at 328 East 8th Street. On May 10 2006 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Blooming Grove United Church of Christ also known just as Blooming Grove Church and formerly known as The Congregational Church of Blooming Grove is located at the junction of Old Dominion Road and NY 94 in the Town of Blooming Grove between the villages of Chester and Washingtonville in Orange County New York USA. It is a plain white Federal style building notable for lacking the steeple or cupola commonly found on churches.
 Paddock Bulevard - is a skyscraper in Sabadell (suburb of Barcelona) Spain. Completed in 1998 has 20 floors and rises 82 metres. Lies near other two skyscrapers: Torre Millenium and Les Orenetes de l'Eix.
 The Glen-Holly Hotel was a hotel that was built in 1895 in Southern California.The Glen-Holly Hotel was the first hotel to be constructed in the Hollywood district of Los Angeles County. It was built by Joakim Berg a noted artist of the 1890s in the region.It became a landmark of the area though was later demolished.
 SM City Clark is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is located along M.A. Roxas Avenue in Clark Freeport Angeles City in Pampanga Philippines. It is the second SM supermall in the province of Pampanga after SM City Pampanga in City of San Fernando and Mexico Pampanga and SM San Fernando Downtown which is located in the downtown area of the City of San Fernando Pampanga.
 Musmeah Yeshua Synagogue is the last remaining Jewish house of worship in Downtown Yangon and Burma's only synagogue. The colonial relic stands nestled between Indian paint shops and Muslim traders on a small street near the city center. A plaque at the entrance of the building states that the present stone building which was built between 1893 – 1896 replaced an earlier smaller wooden structure that was erected in 1854.
 The Sultan's Armed Forces Museum is a military history museum located in the 150 year-old Bait Al Falaj Fort the headquarters for Sultan Said bin Sultan's Armed Forces on Al Mujamma Street Muscat Oman.The museum has an extensive collection related to Oman's history of warfare and the military with artifacts on weapon such as guns and cannons uniforms motor vehicles strategies Uniforms instruments medals and even an ejector seat and a parachute on display.
 Domus Galilaeae or House of Galilee (Hebrew: בית הגליל‎) located on the peak of Mount of Beatitudes above and north of Capernaum and the Sea of Galilee is a Christian meeting place used for seminars and conventions. On his pilgrimage to Israel in 2000 Pope John Paul II visited Domus Galilaeae and said he hoped it would become a place for interreligious dialogue.
 The First Congregational Church also known as DeMass–Durdan Mortuary is a church located in Corvallis Oregon and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Century Building located in the Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Cultural District was built as an office building in 1907 by the Century Land Company. This twelve-story building currently houses a restaurant two floors of offices and 60 units of mixed income housing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Hackney Chapel AME Zion Church also known as Unitia AME Zion Church is a historic African-American church in rural Loudon County Tennessee. The adjacent cemetery has about 100 marked graves and up to 200 unmarked graves. The church and cemetery were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Bay Pride mall is one of the shopping mall in Kerala designed and developed ABAD builders a part of ABAD business group one of the leading business groups in India. The mall has a total floor area of 200000 square feet (19000 m2). Bay Pride Mall is the prestigious product of Abad builders. This shopping mall in Kerala is situating face to Arabian Sea is a plus point of this shopping mall.
 The Clark County Court House is a Greek Revival courthouse in downtown Winchester Kentucky United States.Built in 1853 it is the fourth building on this site and still houses the Circuit Courtroom and Family Courtroom for the Administrative Office of the Courts. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It is the centerpiece of the Winchester Downtown Commercial District also NRHP-listed.
 The Charles Whittlesey Power House is a historic house at 575 South Street in Pittsfield Massachusetts. It was built in about 1912 in the Tudor Revival style for Charles Wittlesey Power a local businessman who also served one term as mayor of Pittsfield. The style of the house is rare in Pittsfield although was not uncommon in other areas. The house is well-sited on 11 acres (4.5 ha) adjacent to the Pittsfield Country Club.
 The Michigan Central Railroad Depot (listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Penn Central Railway Station) opened on July 27 1888 in Battle Creek MI. Rogers and MacFarlane of Detroit designed the depot one of several Richardsonian Romanesque-style stations between Detroit and Chicago in the late nineteenth century. Thomas Edison as well as Presidents William Howard Taft and Gerald Ford visited here.
 East Bardera Mothers and Children's Hospital (EBMCH) is a non-profit institution women's and children's hospital located in Baardheere Somalia. The hospital was started by expatriate Somalis based in North America.
 The Green-Bowen House is a historic house at 698 Buttonwoods Avenue in Warwick Rhode Island United States.The house was built in 1715 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Hawthorne Bomb Plot is a Formerly Used Defense Site that had a Strategic Air Command (SAC) AUTOTRACK radar station during the Cold War.
 Blues Masters at the Crossroads is a two-night Blues concert held in October at Blue Heaven Studios in Salina Kansas.
 The Old Globe Theatre is a professional theatre company located in Balboa Park in San Diego California. It produces about 15 plays and musicals annually in summer and winter seasons.
 The church of San Ranierino (or Saints Ranieri and Leonardo) is a church located in central Pisa Italy near piazza del Duomo.The present building was constructed on this site in the second half of the 19th century. The original church of this name stood adjacent to the hospital facing Piazza dei Miracoli.
 The Niles Depot Museum is located in the former passenger and freight depots located in the Niles District of Fremont California. The museum is operated by the Niles Depot Historical Foundation and features exhibits and artifacts about area railroads including the early Southern Pacific Railroad and Western Pacific Railroad as well as the current Union Pacific Railroad and Amtrak.
 The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima opened in 2000 is the biggest shopping center in the North-eastern region of Thailand located direrctly on Mitraphap Road in Nakhon Ratchasima (colloquially known as Korat) Thailand. Sub-titled the 'Paragon of Isan' and 'Pride of Korat' by pro-Mall interests.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Florida (Spanish: Catedral Basílica de Florida) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Florida Uruguay. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Florida since 1956.
 Lula G. Scott Community Center is a historic Rosenwald school building located at Shady Side Maryland in Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It consists of two frame one-story two-room plan schools originally built as the Shady Side (1926) and Churchton (1921) Rosenwald Schools. The Churchton school was moved to this site in 1953 and a wing added in 1958.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Onon B. and Betsy Dahle House is located in the community of Daleyville Wisconsin in the town of Perry Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Dean-Hartshorn House is a historic house located at 68 Dean Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1798 for Abiezar Dean. The 2-1/2 story structure features brick ends and a classically-detailed front entrance.In 1905 the house was purchased by George Hartshorn who added the east and west wings and dormers. In 1915 the east wing was removed and relocated to nearby Longmeadow Road and converted into a residence.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 For the fire lookout in Glacier National Park Montana USA see Huckleberry Fire Lookout.The Huckleberry Mountain Fire Overlook is a fire lookout station in northern Bridger-Teton National Forest. The rustic two-story log structure was built in 1938 by the Civilian Conservation Corps to a standard U.S. Forest Service design. The lookout was used for fire surveillance until 1957.
 The Alaska Trade Building also known as the Union Record Building and the Steele Building is a historic building in Seattle Washington located on First Avenue near the Pike Place Market. Built in 1909 it was one of the first reinforced steel concrete and brick buildings in the area and was advertised as being completely fireproof.
 Komtar Tower or Menara Komtar Complex is Penang's tallest building and the sixth tallest building in Malaysia located in the heart of George Town dominating the island's skyline. KOMTAR is an acronym for Kompleks Tun Abdul Razak. When the skyscraper topped out it was the second tallest building in Asia after Sunshine 60 in Tokyo.
 Premium Plaza is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 15 floors and a surface area of 8700 m2 in addition to 50 underground parking spaces.
 Lucknam Park is a luxury hotel and restaurant located in Colerne Wiltshire near Bath England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Mount Meigs Alabama. The Carpenter Gothic structure was built in 1892. The building was placed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on January 29 1980 and the National Register of Historic Places on February 19 1982.
 Wroxall Priory was a medieval monastic house in Wroxall Warwickshire England. It was founded c.1135 by Hugh Lord of Hatton and Wroxall in thanks for his release from seven years' imprisonment in Jerusalem during the Crusades.The Priory was established for Benedictine nuns. Along with all the religious houses of England the house was dissolved in 1536 by Henry VIII.
 Königsberg's New Synagogue (German: Neue Synagoge) was one of three synagogues in Königsberg in Prussia East Prussia (modern Kaliningrad Russia). The other synagogues were Old Synagogue and Adass Jisroel synagogue. The New Synagogue was destroyed in the aftermath of the Kristallnacht pogrom in 1938.
 The Croswell Opera House is a historic theater located at 129 East Maumee Street in the city of Adrian Michigan. It is recognized as the oldest continuously running theater in the state and among the oldest in the United States. The theater and the adjoining hall were designated as a Michigan Historic Site on March 2 1976 and later added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Adrian Union Hall-Croswell Opera House on April 18 1985.
 The Burnaby Village Museum previously known as the Heritage Village is an open air museum in Burnaby British Columbia Canada located at Deer Lake Park. It is a reconstructed 1920s village containing 31 full scale buildings; its costumed staff demonstrate traditional trades. The museum spans 10 acres (4 ha) of land. Some of the buildings are original heritage buildings moved from other locations in the community and restored.
 The Avala Tower (Serbian: Авалски торањ / Avalski toranj) is a 204.5 m (671 ft) tall telecommunication tower located on Avala mountain in the periphery of Belgrade. It was destroyed in NATO bombardment of Serbia on 29 April 1999. On 21 December 2006 the reconstruction of Avala Tower commenced and the tower was officially opened at a ceremony on 21 April 2010. It is currently the tallest tower in Serbia and the Balkan region.
 The Benjamin and Olivia Meek House at 12782 South Fort St. in Draper Utah was built in c.1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Stone House Mansion also known as the John Strode House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. The main house was built in 1757 and is a two story stone house with a slate gable roof. Porches were added during the 20th century. Also on the property is a stuccoed brick ice house (c. 1900) bunk house (1905) and a barn / garage (c. 1910).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Interurban Bridge also known as the Ohio Electric Railroad Bridge. is a historic interurban railroad bridge built in 1908 across the Maumee River joining Lucas and Wood counties near Waterville Ohio. It is now located in Farnsworth Metropark. One of the bridge's supports is the Roche de Boeuf a historic Indian council rock which was partially destroyed by the bridge construction.On June 19 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Villa Maria Hospital is a hospital in the village of Villa Maria Kalungu District Central Uganda. It is a private community hospital serving the village of Villa Maria and surrounding communities in Kalungu District. It is the only general hospital in the entire district.
 The Koffler Centre of the Arts is a broad-based cultural institution established in 1977 by Murray and Marvelle Koffler and based at Artscape Youngplace in the West Queen West area of downtown Toronto Ontario. It is a Jewish cultural institution with a broad mandate to serve all and present a wide range of artistic programs through a global lens in a specifically Canadian context.
 Wardley Hall is an early medieval manor house and a Grade I listed building in the Wardley area of Worsley in Greater Manchester (historically within Lancashire). (grid reference SD757021). There has been a moat on the site since at least 1292. The current hall dates from around 1500 but was extensively rebuilt in the 19th and 20th centuries. The 1894 restoration was carried out by John Douglas.
 Kotowski Palace (Polish: Pałac Kotowskich) was a 17th-century palace in Warsaw Poland. It served as a main cloister building for sisters of Benedictine Sisters of Perpetual Adoration.
 The Lewis Round Barn is located in Mendon Illinois in northwestern Adams County. It is one of 14 round barns recognized by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on Jan. 29 2003.
 The South African Naval Museum at the South African Navy's base in Simon's Town is a project by the South African Naval Heritage Trust.The SA Navy Museum is housed in and around the original Dockyard Magazine/Storehouse and is staffed by Naval Personnel and civilian volunteers. There is no admission fee.A major exhibit of the museum's is the SAS Assegaai a Daphné class submarine. It is the first and thus far only former SA Navy submarine to have been converted into a museum ship.
 Sanskriti Museums are a set of three museums namely Museum of ‘Everyday Art’ Museum of Indian Terracotta (tribal art) and Textile Museum. It is housed within Sanskriti Kendra complex at Anandagram an artist village complex spread over eight acres situated 10 km south of New Delhi near Aya Nagar on Mehrauli–Gurgaon Road on the outskirts of Delhi.The museum was founded by O. P.
 The Stetson University Campus Historic District in DeLand Florida was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 14 1991. The district is bounded by Michigan Avenue North Florida Avenue West University Avenue and a line South from North Hayden Avenue. It contains 10 historic buildings and one historic structure.
 The Church of Holy Trinity (grid reference ST613758) is a church on Bell Hill in Stapleton Bristol England.It was built in 1857 by John Norton with a spire which reaches 52 m (170 ft). It is believed that a church has occupied this site for at least 500 years and the font in the West porch dates from around 1000 AD. Pennant stone from the local Broom Hill quarry was used in the construction with Bath Stone dressings.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 Venlaw Castle also known as Smithfield Castle lies north of Peebles on the Edinburgh Road in the Borders of Scotland. Since 1949 it has operated as a hotel.
 Buffalo Trace Distillery is a distillery located in Frankfort Kentucky. It has historically been known by several names including most notably the George T. Stagg Distillery and the O.F.C. Distillery. Its namesake bourbon brand Buffalo Trace Kentucky Straight Bourbon whiskey was introduced in August 1999. The company claims the distillery is the oldest continuously-operating distillery in the United States.
 Vinland Grange Hall in Vinland Kansas United States was built in 1884. It historically served as a meeting hall and as a business. It was listed for its architecture on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Fine Creek Mills Powhatan County Virginia. It was built in 1843-1844 and is a one-story Classical Revival style brick church building. It measures 20 feet wide by 36 feet deep and features a pedimented front gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Borthwick Castle is one of the largest and best-preserved surviving medieval Scottish fortifications. It is located twelve miles (19 km) south-east of Edinburgh to the east of the village of Borthwick on a site protected on three sides by a steep fall in the ground. It was constructed in 1430 for Sir William Borthwick from whom the castle takes its name
 The Masonic Temple in Fort Wayne Indiana is a building from 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Lymansville Company Mill is a historic industrial complex at 184 Woonasquatucket Avenue in North Providence Rhode Island. The oldest portion of the complex a three story brick building which originally a textile spinning and carding building was built in 1884. The mill was significantly expanded in subsequent years with its last addition taking place in 1951. The Lymansville Company was founded in 1884 and closed in 1957.
 1875 K Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. The building began construction in 2000 and was completed in 2001. Upon completion the building rose to 155 feet (47 m) featuring 12 floors and 5 elevators. The architect of the building was Hartman-Cox Architects who designed the postmodern design of the building.
 The Reed Opera House and McCornack Block Addition more commonly known as The Reed Opera House or The Reed is a historic building in downtown Salem Oregon United States. Since its grand opening on September 27 1870 the Reed Opera House has served as a performing arts center and shopping mall. The Italianate brick structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Springfield Baptist Church in Augusta Georgia was built in 1801 by a Methodist congregation. It is the oldest church building extant in Augusta and one of the oldest in the state. It was built in the style of a New England meetinghouse rare in Georgia. The simple two story rectangular wooden building has two doors at the first floor topped by two arched windows and a smaller arched attic window in the gable of the street facade.
 Robinson House sits at the bottom of Henry Hill near Bull Run in Virginia. The house was named for the family of James Gentleman Jim Robinson a free African American who built the house. The Robinson family descendants of Gentleman Jim owned and occupied the house and a large portion of the land around it from the 1840s until 1936.
 The Medical Arts Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The South Congregational Church is a historic church at 45 Maple Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The 1875 High Victorian Gothic building was designed by William Appleton Potter for a congregation that was established in 1842 and is still active today. The building is also noted for some prominent donors who funded its construction notably Daniel B.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels is a Grade II listed Anglican church in the village of Welshampton in Shropshire.It was built in the 1860s for Frances Mainwaring and Salusbury Kynaston Mainwaring in memory of Charles Kynaston Mainwaring of Oteley. The architect was George Gilbert Scott. There was originally a medieval church which was replaced in 1788 by a church for Mary Kynaston of Oteley; this was replaced by Scott's church.
 The Toronto Zen Center (or Toronto Zen Center) is a Sanbo Kyodan Zen Buddhist practice center in Toronto Ontario. It is modeled after the Rochester Zen Center.They offer introductory workshops in Zen Buddhism. The Toronto Zen Centre offers a couple of unique Buddhist course in Loving Kindness Meditation and periodically offers Mastering Breath Awareness or an MBA.
 William Hartman Farmstead is a historic farmstead located at North Dansville near Dansville in Livingston County New York. The farmstead includes a vernacular Greek Revival–style farmhouse built about 1848–1850 and four contributing support structures all of which date from the mid- to late-19th century. The farmhouse is a 1 1⁄2-story roughly L-shaped frame building resting on a stone foundation and sheathed in clapboard siding.
 Madavoor CM Makham is a famous holy place and a pilgrim destination in Calicut district Kerala India. It is said to be the birth and death place of the mystic leader and Muslim scholar CM Aboobacker Musaliyar(Malayalam: സി.എം. അബൂബക്കര്‍ മുസ്ലിയാര്‍). The dargah which is visited by Muslim pilgrims as well as peoples from other religions as a symbol of intercommunal harmony. The death anniversary of CM Aboobacker Musaliyar is take place at this place every year as CM Makham Uroos.
 The Willows and Wetlands Visitor Centre is situated at Stoke St Gregory on the Somerset Levels north east of Taunton England. Based on a working farm growing and processing willow the centre offers tours of over 80 acres (0.13 sq mi) of withies willow yards and basket workshops and explains the place of willow in the history of the Levels.
 The Burnet County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located in Burnet Burnet County Texas United States. The Moderne style building was constructed in part with Works Progress Administration funds and is the third building to serve as the Burnet County Courthouse. Lewis Milton Wirtz of Columbus designed the structure. It was completed August 1 1937 at a cost of approximately $135000.
 The Cathedral of Saint Andrew is a Catholic cathedral located in Grand Rapids Michigan United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Grand Rapids.
 Hill Place is a grade II listed Georgian country villa located near the village of Swanmore in Hampshire England.Today Hill Place is set within 20 acres (81000 m2) of well-tended parkland beyond which is an apple farm and further afield the Meon Valley. It is hired out as a venue for weddings private receptions and corporate events.In 2011 Hill Place was the subject of a Channel 4 television documentary presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of her Country House Rescue series.
 Crossways also known as Henry Place is a Late Victorian building in Aiken South Carolina. It was built in 1868. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Westbrook Church is a non-denominational Evangelical Christian church located in Hartland Wisconsin a suburb of Milwaukee. The church is autonomous and independent of any denominational control. Westbrook is a member of the Willow Creek Association.
 Haverling Farm House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay frame residence built about 1838. It is a center-hall Greek Revival–style farmhouse with a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Căpriana monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Căpriana) is a monastery in Căpriana Moldova located 40 km north-west of Chişinău in a hilly land once called Codrii Lăpuşnei.
 HMP Low Moss is located on the outskirts of Bishopbriggs East Dunbartonshire; near Glasgow Scotland. It has been operated by the Scottish Prison Service as a prison since 1968 and was for low-category prisoners who had sentences of less than 36 months to serve. The original establishment was closed in May 2007 with the entire site being cleared and redeveloped with a considerably enlarged footprint. The new prison was reopened in March 2012 and accepted its first intake in almost five years.
 Russell Street Police Headquarters in Melbourne Australia was for many years the headquarters of the Victoria Police before they were moved to William Street in about 1990. The main multi-storey brick building located on the west of the site was constructed 1940-1943 in the Art Deco style by architect Percy Edgar Everett and is reminiscent of the design of the Empire State Building.
 The Snyder Covered Bridge No. 17 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Locust Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 60.2-foot-long (18.3 m) Queen Post Truss bridge with a galvanized steel roof constructed in 1860. It crosses the North Branch Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Fook Lam Moon (Traditional Chinese: 福臨門) is a Chinese restaurant chain with its main and original branch at 35-45 Johnston Road Wanchai Hong Kong. Fook Lam Moon means fortune and blessings come to your home. The restaurant is often dubbed the Cafeteria for the Wealthy (Traditional Chinese: 富豪飯堂) by the media and is frequented by the rich and famous most notably Joseph Lau Luen Hung Chairman and CEO of Chinese Estates Holdings.
 Lombardi's is a pizzeria located at 32 Spring Street on the corner of Mott Street in the Nolita neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan New York City. Opened in 1905 it has been acknowledged by the Pizza Hall of Fame as the first pizzeria in the United States.
 LCC Central Mall or Liberty Commercial Complex Central Mall is a shopping mall in Naga City Camarines Sur Philippines. It is considered as the incubation of the Naga City IT Park developed by the City Government of Naga City. LCC Mall is a mall that has complete amenities and a wide array of shopping selections making it one of the best places to shop and dine in Naga City.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall also known as Booth Post No. 130 is an historic Carpenter Gothic building located on South Main Street between First and Second streets in Grand Meadow Minnesota in the United States. The hall was built in 1891 and on June 13 1986 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Memorial Hall immediately north of Harvard Yard in Cambridge Massachusetts is an imposing High Victorian Gothic building honor­ing the sacrifices made by Harvard men in defense of the Union during the American Civil War—​a symbol of Boston's commitment to the Unionist cause and the abolitionist movement in America.The Memorial Hall of Harvard consists of three main divisions: one of them a theater for academic ceremonies; another a vast refectory covered with a timbered roof hung about with portraits and lighted by stained windows like the halls of the colleges of Oxford; and the third the most interesting a chamber high dim and severe consecrated to the sons of the university who fell in the long Civil War.—Henry James The BostoniansJames' three divisions are known respectively as Sanders Theater; Annenberg Hall (formerly Alumni Hall or the Great Hall); and Memorial Transept.Beneath Annenberg Hall Loker Commons offers a number of student facilities.Memorial Hall was built on what had been a playing field known as the Delta.
 La Vue (formerly known as Prospect Vue) is an historic home located in Spotsylvania County Virginia. The home was built in 1848 by George Alsop for his son John. La View was added to the National Register of Historic Places in January 1994.The two-story ell-shaped house sits on top of a steep hill so as to provide a view of the surrounding fields.
 Millboro School also known as Millboro Elementary School Millboro High School and Bath County High School is a historic school complex located at Millboro Bath County Virginia. It was built in three phases. The original two-story brick school building dates from 1916-1918. The Colonial Revival style building has a standing-seam metal hipped roof with two tall central chimneys and a central hipped dormer.
 George H. Parks House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story frame residence that incorporates transitional Queen Anne / Colonial Revival–style design elements. The house incorporates stone clapboards and shingles in its exterior. It features a broad bracketed porch with pediment.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Luke's Church is a United Reformed church in the Silverhill suburb of Hastings a town and borough in East Sussex England. The congregation was originally independent (not linked to any Christian denomination) before taking up Presbyterianism and worshipped in a private house from its founding in 1853 until a permanent church was provided in 1857; this was one of the oldest Presbyterian places of worship in southeast England.
 Grobiņa Castle is a medieval castle located in the town of Grobiņa Latvia in western Courland. The ancient Curonian castle hill (Skābāržu kalns) is located only 100 m from the castle. It is supposed to be the famous Seeburg which is mentioned in Scandinavian sources already in ninth century.
 Thomas-McJunkin-Love House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built for James R. Thomas president of the Carbon Fuel Companya coal mining business in the Kanawha Valley. Known originally as The Maples it was built for him and his family around 1921.
 Hornindal Church (Norwegian: Hornindal kyrkje) is a parish church in Hornindal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Grodås at the eastern end of the lake Hornindalsvatnet. The church is part of the Hornindal parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1856 by the architect Ludolph Rolfsen using plans created by Hans Linstow.
 Genesar is a historic home located near Berlin Worcester County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling. It represents the hold-over forms of medieval work and the earliest development towards the more formal Georgian ideals in plan and design.Genesar was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Richmond Congregational Church is a historic church at the junction of Bridge and Church Street in Richmond Vermont United States.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Gómez Residencia in Mayagüez Puerto Rico was built in 1933. It was designed by architect Francisco Porrata Doria in a Mission/Spanish Revival Neo-Andalusi style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Hamburger Bahnhof is a former railway station in Berlin Germany on Invalidenstraße in the Moabit district opposite the Charité hospital. Today it serves as the Museum für Gegenwart (Museum for the Present) a contemporary art museum which is part of the Berlin National Gallery.
 The Hager House is a historic residence in South Bend Indiana United States. Designed by architects Austin & Shambleau and built in 1910 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Phoenix City Hall is the city hall for the City of Phoenix Arizona United States. Located in Downtown Phoenix the building rises 20 floors and 368 feet (112 m) in height. Designed by architectural firm Langdon Wilson Phoenix City Hall began construction in 1992 and was completed in 1994. This city hall replaced the former city hall which was located in the Calvin C. Goode Municipal Building (commonly known as Old City Hall).
 Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital is a 244-bed children's hospital located in Cleveland Ohio. It is a part of University Hospitals Case Medical Center formerly University Hospitals of Cleveland. It is consistently ranked as one of the top three pediatric hospital in the Midwest and a top 10 children's hospital by U.S. News & World Report.
 The Young–Quinlan Building was erected at 901 Nicollet Avenue Minneapolis Minnesota in 1926. Elizabeth Quinlan and her partner Fred D. Young owned and operated a women's specialty dress shop when Young died in 1911. Miss Quinlan decided to expand her business and wanting to have the best in design consulted with department store managers and owners in New York and Chicago.
 Ocean Parkway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 550 Ocean Pkwy. in Kensington Brooklyn New York New York. It was built between 1924 and 1926 and is a three story plus basement and attic stone clad Neoclassical style building. It has a two story addition. The front facade features three round-arched entrances and the second and third stories are organized as a temple front.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 St Michael and St Martin's Church Eastleach Martin is a redundant Anglican church in Eastleach Martin Gloucestershire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands close to the River Leach which divides Eastleach Martin from its twin village of Eastleach Turville. Eastleach Turville's Church of St Andrew stands only 180 metres away from the Church of St Michael and St Martin.
 The Main Seneca Building originally known as the Marine Midland Trust Company Building is a renaissance revival highrise in downtown Buffalo New York. The building was erected in April of 1913 on the corner of Main and Seneca streets. The building served as the headquarters for Marine Midland Bank before moving across the street into Buffalo's tallest building One HSBC Center.
 Fort Margherita is an old fort built in 1879 by Charles Brooke Rajah of Sarawak situated in Kuching Sarawak Malaysia. The fort is an important landmark and monument in Sarawak's history which goes back to the Brooke Dynasty. The fort built in the style of an English castle was designed to protect Kuching from attack by pirates.
 Beachwood Place is an upscale shopping mall located in Beachwood Ohio a Greater Cleveland suburb. It opened in 1978 and is anchored by Dillard's Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue. More than 140 additional specialty shops and restaurants are located there including Lacoste Louis Vuitton Swarovski Chanel L'Occitane En Provence Coach Gucci and Prada.
 Timothy Cummins House is a historic home located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It built about 1780 and is a two-story five-bay center hall plan brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a small 1 1/2-story kitchen wing. A Greek Revival-style porch was added in the second quarter of the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Renaissance is a restaurant located in the Manor Hotel of the Celebrity Centre International (formerly Château Elysée) in Hollywood California.Dining Professionals of America has recognized it as one of the top 40 restaurants in Los Angeles.
 The Cetățuia Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Cetăţuia) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Iaşi Romania. The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 The Fellowship of Evangelical Churches (FEC) is an evangelical body of Christians with a Mennonite heritage. Conference offices are located in Fort Wayne Indiana.Founded in 1865–66 as the Defenseless Mennonite Church the new group was often referred to as the Egly Amish during its early years. In 1949 the name of the conference was changed to the Evangelical Mennonite Church (not to be confused with the Evangelical Mennonite Conference).
 Addison B. Colvin House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a large rambling 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame residence in the Queen Anne style. It features a 1-story wraparound porch with Colonial Revival style design elements.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 William Minott House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the Portland's West End it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Ellerton Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 The Enterprise Building is a historic commercial building at 540 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. When it was built in 1900 this five story brick building achieved notice for its elaborate Beaux Arts decorations.
 The Royal George Hotel Monk Street Monmouth Wales is a Georgian townhouse described as one of the town's finest eighteenth century houses.
 The Nebraska State Capitol located in Lincoln Nebraska houses the primary executive judicial and legislative offices of the U.S. State of Nebraska.
 The Petersen Automotive Museum is located on Wilshire Boulevard along Museum Row in the Miracle Mile neighborhood of Los Angeles. One of the world's largest automotive museums the Petersen Automotive Museum is a nonprofit organization specializing in automobile history and related educational programs.
 The Toronto Western Hospital (TWH) is located at the corner of Bathurst Street and Dundas Street West in Toronto Canada. It is part of the University Health Network (UHN).TWH has 256 beds with 46000 visits to its emergency department annually. It is known for neurosurgery and was one of the first centres in Canada to use the gamma knife. It is also home to the Donald K. Johnson Eye Centre.
 St George's Church Shimpling is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Shimpling Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at the end of a short lane to the south of the village.
 Premiere Trade Plaza Tower II is a 17-story office building in downtown Orlando Florida. The building was completed in 2006 is part of a three building complex known as Premier Trade Plaza.In 2007 developer Cameron Khun announced that the presumptive anchor tenant had decided against buying 60000 square feet of office condominium space in the plaza thus not permitting them to retain the naming rights for the buildings.
 Dr. Abner Benton House is a historic home located at Oxbow in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1819 and is a two story three bay brick Federal style residence. The interior features a side hallway plan two rooms deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Old St Peter's Church a Grade II listed ruin is situated above the B5429 in the village of Llanbedr Dyffryn Clwyd. It was first mentioned in the Lincoln Taxatio of 1291. Valued at £418 in the Valor Ecclesiasticus of 1535.
 Vike Church (Norwegian: Vike kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vikanes along the Romarheimsfjorden. The church is part of the Vike parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1891 by the architect Johannes Øvsthus. The church seats about 200 people.
 The John Balzer Wagon Works Complex is located in Sheboygan Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Mary Dean Three-Decker was a historic triple decker house at 130 Belmont Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was a relatively rare surviving 19th century double triple-decker housing six units that had well-preserved Queen Anne styling. It had a roof cornice with paired and single brackets and a shallow entry portico with a bracketed roof and a semicircular transom window over the entrance.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Azerbaijan Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper to be constructed on the Khazar Islands 25 km (16 mi) south of Baku Azerbaijan.
 Château de Jaurias is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Pan Burying Ground (also known as the Pan Cemetery East Burying Ground and East Cemetery) is an historic cemetery on 477 Main Street in Bolton Massachusetts. Established in 1822 the cemetery was the second in the town. It was named for the area known locally as The Pan which had by then become the second-largest village center in the town.
 The church of St. Lamberti in Hildesheim Germany is a late Gothic building the only hall church of the town and was the parish church of the Hildesheim Neustadt (new town). It is named after Lambert of Maastricht the patron saint of Hildesheim. Since the Reformation it has been a Lutheran parish church. It is situated in the Goschenstraße (Goschen Road) on the Neustädter Markt (New town market).
 Fogg Library is a historic library at 1 Columbian Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The library was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1981.
 The Hailey Masonic Lodge refers to a Masonic Lodge group and to its historic building which was built in 1937 in Hailey Idaho. The building has served as a meeting hall since 1937.
 The Berardo Collection Museum (in Portuguese: Museu Colecção Berardo) is a museum of modern and contemporary art in Belém a district of Lisbon Portugal.
 University of Arizona Medical Center (UAMC) formerly University Medical Center — Tucson is a private non-profit 487-bed acute-care hospital in Tucson Arizona. UAMC has two units: University Campus and South Campus.(Article) The name change in 2011 reflects the need to combine all the University of Arizona affiliated medical services: University Medical Center University Physicians Healthcare and the College of Medicine.
 There is also a Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney New South Wales Australia. See Alfred for other uses of the name.The Alfred also known as Alfred Hospital or The Alfred Hospital is a major hospital in Melbourne Victoria. It is the second oldest hospital in Victoria and the oldest Melbourne hospital still operating on its original site. It is located at the corner of Commercial and Punt Roads Prahran opposite Fawkner Park.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church located at 102 North 9th Street in Haines City Florida is an historic Carpenter Gothic church.On March 17 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography (東京都写真美術館 Tōkyō-to Shashin Bijutsukan) is an art museum focused on photography. The museum was founded by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and is located in Meguro-ku a short walk from Ebisu station in southwest Tokyo. The museum also has a movie theaterThe museum nicknames itself Syabi (pronounced shabi.)
 The William Parker House is a historic house at 55 Walnut Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1796 was expanded early in the 19th century into a two family residence and converted back into a single family in the early 20th century. It is notable for its association with William Parker a dissenter from the doctrines espoused by the local Congregational Church.
 Greenwood Presbyterian Church (Good Shepherd Presbyterian Church) is a historic church at 103 W. Denver Street in Greenwood Arkansas.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 Benson Grist Mill is a restoration-replica museum located in Tooele County Utah in the western United States which allows visitors to see the inner workings of a latter-nineteenth-century pioneer gristmill. It has four other historic (nineteenth-century) buildings which have been moved onto the site as well as four ancillary structures including an open-air pavilion.
 Paphos General Hospital is the Paphos district's main medical centre. With four stories and 25.000m2 this pyramid shaped hospital is designed to offer to patients first aid to MRI Scans. When opened in 1992 it was considered one of the best medical centers in the Middle East. Nowadays this is not valid. The hospital was left to decline and it is currently unable to handle the rapidly growing population of Paphos.
 The F.M. Walcott House located at 431 N. Hall St. in Valentine Nebraska United States is a historic Classical Revival style house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register in 1982.
 The Henry Gane House is a historic house at 121 Adena Road in Newton Massachusetts. Built c. 1860s the two-plus story wood frame house is distinguised as one of Newton's finest Second Empire houses. Its eaves are lined with dentil moulding and paired brackets its windows have elaborate hoods and its porch which wraps around two sides of the house has elaborate woodwork detail.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St. Peter's Church Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate.
 St. Andrew's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church and rectory located at Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1900-1902 and is a buff brick church on a stone foundation in the High Victorian Gothic style. It has a cruciform plan and features two tall Gothic towers which flank the main entrance and aresquare in plan. On each tower are two small lancet windows two large pointed-arch stained-glass tracery windows and sets of double pointed-arch openings at the belfry.
 The Britton Mims Place located in Aiken South Carolina exemplifies the Greek Revival style typical of secondary country residences during the antebellum period. Built around 1830 it is historically significant due to a number of architectural features including its gabled roof full width front verandah with hipped roof and a number of outbuildings including a (former) kitchen wooden dog house and a rectangular fowl house. This well-secluded home is not visible from the public highway.
 Oak Knoll is a historic estate house at 17 Brooks Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The large 2.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1890s by Lewis Parkhurst who was by then a partner in the publishing house of Winchester resident Edwin Ginn. Parkhurst's mansion is the last surviving late 19th-century mansion house in Winchester.
 Caughnawaga Indian Village Site is an archaeological site located just west of Fonda in Montgomery County New York. The location of a former Mohawk nation village the site was discovered in 1950 by Rev. Thomas Grassmann. It is the only completely excavated Iroquois village in the country. The Mohawk village site has been marked with stakes to show the outlines of the 12 longhouses and stockade that were built there 300 years ago.
 St. Paul's Church also known as St. Paul's Church Baden or St. Paul's Parish Prince George's County is located at 13500 Baden-Westwood Road in Baden a community near Brandywine in Prince George's County Maryland. It was originally constructed in 1733–1735. A porch on the north side was enclosed in 1769 and in 1793 an addition of 26 by 30 feet was made to the south side. The Bishop's Window a memorial to Bishop Thomas John Claggett is at the chancel window.
 The Marina Bay Cruise Centre Singapore (also known as the International Cruise Terminal and abbreviated as MBCCS) is a new cruise terminal in Singapore which is located at Marina South next to the Marina South Pier. The S$500 million terminal began constructing in October 2009 and completed on May 22 2012. It received its first ship the Voyager of the Seas on 26 May 2012. The official opening ceremony of MBCCS was on October 22 2012.The terminal is operated by SATS-Creuers Cruise Services.
 Asbury & West United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the Bathurst and Lawrence area of Toronto Canada. The congregation has one of the longest continual histories of any in Toronto. It traces its history back to 1812 and meetings of small groups of Methodist settlers in what was an area being newly settled by Europeans. The first services were held in the farmhouse of Henry Mulholland a veteran of the War of 1812 and the Battle of Lundy's Lane.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at the junction of Vandervoort and N. Fifth Sts. SW corner in DeQueen Arkansas.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Château-sur-Epte Castle is a ruined castle in the commune of Château-sur-Epte in the Eure département of France.Building was begun in 1097 by William Rufus King of England to reinforce the frontier of Epte. The castle occupied a site on the border between the Duchy of Normandy and the Kingdom of France.
 Kennedy Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in East Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 96-foot-long (29 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1856. It was damaged and repaired after a flood in 1884 and reinforced in 1936. It crosses French Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Hospital Universitario San Ignacio is a 4th level university hospital in Bogotá Colombia. It is located within campus of the Pontificia Universidad Javeriana and is home to this school's faculties of Medicine Nursing and Dentistry. The hospital serves nearly all fields in medical expertise and has been home to several recognised physicians including neurologist Rodolfo Llinás and anesthesiologist Alejandro Jadad.
 Built in 1825 the Wilbur Cahoon House is one of the oldest homes in Lorain County Ohio United States. It was built in 1825 in a Greek Revival style which was popular at that time. The house is 80 feet (24 m) long with 12 rooms. It is situated south north of French Creek overlooking French Creek. Wilbur Cahoon arrived in Avon in 1814 from Herkimer County New York with his wife Priscilla and family.. Cahoon purchased 800 acres (320 ha) through a trade of 100 acres (40 ha) in New York.
 Holy Family is a Roman Catholic parish in Fairfield Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Convent of São Francisco is a Baroque-era convent and church in the historical centre of the city of Angra civil parish of Sé municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the archipelago of the Azores.
 The Byers-Evans House Museum is a historic house museum in Denver Colorado USA.
 Zuid Afrikaans Hospital is a private hospital in Muckleneuck Pretoria.
 The González-Alvarez House also known as The Oldest House is a historic home in St. Augustine Florida. It is located at 14 St. Francis Street. On April 15 1970 it was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark.The Oldest House title dates from a period when the house was believed to have been built in the 16th century. The current title of oldest house in America is contended by a historic house in Santa Fe New Mexico and arguably also by Acoma Pueblo.The house is owned by the St.
 Viets Hotel later known as the Richardson House and then the Hall Hotel is an 1876 vernacular Greek Revival building in Grand Forks North Dakota.The listing was proposed in a 1981 study of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources. and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Joseph's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Hyderabad India. It is the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Hyderabad and one of the most beautiful churches of Hyderabad and Secunderabad cities of Andhra Pradesh India.
 The Garden County Courthouse located at F and Main Sts. in Oshkosh Nebraska is a Classical Revival style courthouse designed by John J. Huddart that was built during 1921-22.It was built to serve Garden County which had broken off of Deuel and was to be located in Oshkosh Nebraska the designated county seat. After Oshkosh was reached by railroad in 1908 a $40000 bond issue was voted but failed in 1914.
 Williamsport City Hall now known as Old City Hall is a historic city hall located at Williamsport Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1894 and is a four-story building of yellow brick trimmed in stone with molded brick ornamentation and terra cotta columns. It is in an eclectic Late Victorian / Romanesque Revival-style. It features two towers: a large rectangular tower and a smaller octagonal tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Weber Stake Tabernacle later known as the Ogden Pioneer Tabernacle was a tabernacle belonging to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The tabernacle was constructed by Latter-day Saints in Ogden Utah during the 1850s. The building stood for over one-hundred years until it was razed in 1971 to make way for the Ogden Utah Temple.
 McCoy House also known as the AuClaire School and Gingerbread House is a historic home located at Kirkwood New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1892 and 1897 and is a 28-room 2 1/2-story six bay brick house. It features a wraparound verandah steep gable roof and is covered in brown glazed tiles imported from Belgium.
 The Walsh County Courthouse in Grafton North Dakota was built in 1940. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was designed by architect T.B. Wells in Art Deco architecture.
 The Gallery of Fine Arts (Croatian: Galerija umjetnina) is an art museum in Split Croatia containing works from the 14th century up to the present day providing an overview of the artistic developments in the local art scene. The gallery was founded in 1931 and has a permanent exhibition of paintings and sculptures that includes works by major Croatian artists such as Vlaho Bukovac Mato Celestin Medović Branislav Dešković Ivan Meštrović Emanuel Vidović and Ignjat Job.
 The Camp Clover Ranger Station near Williams Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service in Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served historically as institutional housing and government office space. The listing included five contributing buildings and one contributing structure on 3 acres (1.2 ha).
 JCube (Chinese: 裕冰坊) is a shopping centre located in Jurong East Singapore. It is home to Singapore’s first Olympic-size ice rink and the first IMAX theatre in the suburbs. It is owned by CapitaMall Trust and managed by CapitaMalls Asia.
 Thomas Attix House is a historic home and farm complex located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1880 and is a two-story three bay frame dwelling with a rear wing in a Gothic Revival / Queen Anne style. Contributing outbuildings include a brick milk house sawn-plank bull pen frame barn cattle sheds and machine shed. They date to the 19th and early-20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Natchez Street Historic District is a 25-acre (10 ha) historic district in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It includes an area also known as Baptist Neck. Years of historic significance for the district include 1881 1907 and 1925. It includes Shotgun and Bungalow/Craftsman architecture.
 Crystal Ballroom originally built as Cotillion Hall is a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. Cotillion Hall was built in 1914 as a ballroom and dance revivals were held there through the Great Depression. Starting in the 1960s the hall has also been host to many popular pop rock folk blues and jazz artists as well as beat poetry and other entertainment.
 St. Mary's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Cheyenne Wyoming.In 1906 construction of Cheyenne's new Catholic cathedral began with Nebraska's Fisher and Lowery as its architects. The necessary funds and the site for construction were acquired by Bishop James J. Keane and Reverend James A. Duffy. 5000 people came to watch the laying of the cornerstone on Sunday July 7 1907. On January 31 1909 the Cathedral was consecrated by Bishop Maurice Francis Burke of St.
 The Grand Trunk Western Railroad Mount Clemens Station is a railroad depot located at 198 Grand Street in Mt. Clemens Michigan. Young Thomas Edison learned telegraphy at this station. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973. It is now operated as the Michigan Transit Museum.
 Navy House is an official residence of the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy located in SLN Dockyard Trincomalee Sri Lanka. It was formerly the official residence of the naval officer commanding HM Dockyard Trincomalee and later the Commander-in-Chief East Indies Station of the Royal Navy until 1957 when British forces departed from Ceylon.
 Hill-Annex Mine State Park is a state park of Minnesota United States interpreting the open-pit mining heritage of the Mesabi Range. The park is located in the city of Marble and just outside the adjacent city of Calumet both in Itasca County Minnesota.
 St. William is a US Catholic parish founded in January 1920 in the Philadelphia Pennsylvania neighborhood of Lawncrest. The parish originally served 70 households. The Parish elementary school was opened in 1924. The parish eventually expanded to include a rectory convent kindergarten lower school junior high school day care center parish hall and the two churches.
 North Shore Square is a 621192-square-foot (57710.6 m2) shopping mall in Slidell Louisiana. The mall is the largest mall on the Northshore of Lake Pontchartrain fifth largest in the New Orleans area and the 11th largest in Louisiana. The mall is home to 4 anchor stores Dillard's Burlington Coat Factory Sears and J. C. Penney as well as approximately 80 other stores. All the anchor stores are on one level.
 Shelter Island Heights Historic District is a national historic district located at Shelter Island Heights in Suffolk County New York. There are 141 contributing buildings and one contributing structures.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Metris Prison (Turkish: Metris Cezaevi) or officially Metris Closed Penitentiary (Turkish: Metris Kapalı Ceza İnfaz Kurumu) is a state correctional institution in the Esenler district of Istanbul Province in Turkey. The prison complex consists of two T-type buildings. The current prison director is Zeki Uzun.
 The Billy Meadows Guard Station is a Forest Service Guard Station located in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest near Joseph Oregon. In addition to the main residence the station also includes a garage warehouse barn and oil and gas house. The residence has a rustic design; the exterior walls use shiplap to resemble a log cabin and the gabled front porch is supported by two logs.
 Trinity Church in the City of Boston located in the Back Bay of Boston Massachusetts is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts. The congregation currently standing at approximately 3000 households was founded in 1733. Four services are offered each Sunday and weekday services are offered three times a week from September through June.
 St. Mark's Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church on the east side CR 83 in Elberta Alabama. It was built in 1927 and added to National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Chinati Foundation/La Fundación Chinati is a contemporary art museum located in Marfa Texas and based upon the ideas of its founder artist Donald Judd.
 The Binoculars Building originally the Chiat/Day Building is a commercial office building located in the Venice neighborhood of Los Angeles California.
 St. Joseph's Orphanage is an historic former orphanage and school located at 56 St. Joseph Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The orphanage was built in 1892 as part of the parish of Notre Dame de Lourdes a large French-Canadian congregation located in the city's Flint Village neighborhood. Two large wings were added about 1917. The building later housed an elementary school known as Mount Saint Joseph.
 Grand Prospect Hall is a large Victorian banquet hall in Park Slope Brooklyn New York. Local entrepreneur John Kolle built this ornate palace in 1892. Kolle hired a young architect Ulrich J. Huberty creator of Prospect Park's renowned boathouse tennis house and Litchfield Villa. It is a four story building faced in buff-gray brick in the French Renaissance style.
 St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Bridgeport Connecticut United States. Founded in 1899. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Villa Cook or Maison Cook is a house built by the noted architect Le Corbusier located in Boulogne-sur-Seine France.
 The Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii known as Mauna ʻAla (Fragrant Hills) in the Hawaiian language is the final resting place of Hawaii's two prominent royal families: the Kamehameha Dynasty and the Kalākaua Dynasty.
 Hermosillo Cathedral or the Assumption Cathedral (locally called La Catedral or La Catedral de la Asunción) stands 30 meters tall as the principal church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hermosillo and one of the most emblematic buildings of the Mexican city of Hermosillo.Before the actual building was built there was a smaller chapel built in the 18th century. The current structure had to be built as the previous building was too small for the congregation.
 Tampa Bay History Center is a history museum in Tampa Florida. Exhibits include coverage of the Tampa Bay area's first native inhabitants Spanish conquistadors and historical figures who shaped the area's history as well as a reproduction of a 1920s cigar store. The museum is on the waterfront at 801 Old Water Street in Tampa’s Channelside District. It opened on January 17 2009.
 The W.R.C. Hall is an historic building in Iowa Falls Iowa United States. It was built in 1898 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The building has segmented arched windows and a bracketed metal cornice which are features of the Italianate style.W.R.C. stands for the Woman's Relief Corps which was created to serve the needs of American Civil War veterans widows and orphans. The local group was organized as the Payne Post #48 in 1886.
 The Fundy Geological Museum is a geological museum in Parrsboro Nova Scotia Canada. It first opened in 1993. It has received over 300000 visitors since it opened averaging more than 21000 per year. The museum is part of the Nova Scotia Museum system.
 Gallatin School is a historic school building located at Uniontown Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 and is a tall two-story seven by eight bay Classical Revival style building. It is built of buff colored brick and features a terra cotta portico with Corinthian order columns and pediment. The interior features an octagonal central atrium. A rear addition was built in 1927.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The International Business Center was a proposed supertall skyscraper in Seoul South Korea. The skyscraper was planned to be 580 metres (1900 ft) with 130 storeys. A height limit of 410 m (1350 ft) for the area was not enforced by the South Korean Air Force allowing the structure to tower an additional 170 m (560 ft).The building was expected to be completed in 2013 but the project was cancelled.
 Nina Tower (Chinese: 如心廣場) is a twin tower of 80-storey and 42-storey high-rise buildings in Tsuen Wan New Territories Hong Kong. The tower was designed to be the tallest tower in the world at 518 m (1699 ft). However due to its location near Chek Lap Kok Airport the height was restricted to the current 319.8 m (1049 ft).The owner of Chinachem Group later changed her plan and broke it into two towers.
 The Lebanese Military Museum (Arabic: المتحف العسكري Al Mathaf al-askari) is part of the Lebanese Armed Forces and dedicated for the preservation of old Lebanese military antiques. The museum is currently located at the Ministry of National Defense in Yarzeh.
 Burgruine Hartneidstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 St. Peter's Catholic Church (also known as Brush Creek Church) is a historic church in Rensselaer Missouri.It was built in 1862 and added to the National Register in 1980. It is the church on the site where Augustus Tolton the first ordained African American Catholic priest was baptized.
 The Met Condos is a condominium tower in Toronto Canada located on Carlton St just east of Yonge Street.
 Burgruine Rabenstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Changi City Point (Chinese: 樟城坊) is a shopping mall located at Changi Business Park Singapore. It was opened on 6 November 2011. This mall is renowned for containing factory outlets of various brands such as Adidas Nike Lacoste and Pedro. Anchor tenants do include Cold Storage Koufu and Challenger.
 All Saints Church West Stourmouth is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Stourmouth Kent England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the settlement of West Stourmouth some 4 miles (6 km) north of Wingham to the southeast of the A28 road.
 The Imam Mahdi Islamic Education Center (IMIEC) of Baltimore is a mosque and Islamic education center in Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is located on 2406 Putty Hill Ave Parkville Maryland 21234. Its site was purchased in 2003 by donation of a local Muslim.
 The Garden District is a residential neighborhood located in Baton Rouge's Mid-City area where Park Boulevard intersects Government Street. The Garden District is an established historic area with many upscale homes and an active civic association [1].The Garden District is actually a conglomerate of three historic districts as defined by the Louisiana National Register of Historic Places. They are Roseland Terrace Drehr Place and Kleinert Terrace.
 Wayside Inn Historic District is a historic district on Old Boston Post Road in Sudbury Massachusetts. The district contains the famous Wayside Inn.The district features Greek Revival and Colonial architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Princes Road Synagogue located in Toxteth Liverpool in England is the home of the Liverpool Old Hebrew Congregation. It was founded in the late 1860s designed by William James Audsley and George Ashdown Audsley and consecrated on September 2 1874. It is widely regarded as the finest example of the Moorish Revival style of synagogue architecture in Great Britain. Synagogues emulating its design are to be found as far afield as Sydney Australia.
 The Aurora Elks Lodge No. 705 is a Mayan style building on Stolp Island in Aurora Illinois. It is included in the Stolp Island Historic District. The building was built in 1926 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library is a historic library building located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a two story brick ractangular building faced in marble with a centrally placed octagonal dome. The dome creates a three story octagonal rotunda which is the principal interior feature. It was erected as a memorial to Watertown's most prominent son Roswell P. Flower (1835–1899).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Troutdale Methodist Episcopal Church (Troutdale Full Gospel Church) is a historic church at 302 SE Harlow Street in Troutdale Oregon.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Montrose Historic District is a national historic district located at Montrose Susquehanna County Pennsylvania. The district includes 386 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Montrose. They were built between about 1812 and 1935 and include textbook examples of Greek Revival Queen Anne Italianate and Gothic Revival style architecture. The district is centered on the Susquehanna County Courthouse Complex.
 Trinity Walk is a shopping centre in Wakefield West Yorkshire. England. Opened on 6 May 2011 Wakefield Council describe it as the most important City Centre development for more than 20 years.
 The Silver City Water Works Building on Little Walnut Rd. in Silver City New Mexico was built in 1886. It was a work of a John Hill. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hume Hall built in 2002 is the Honors Residential College of the University of Florida located on the eastern side of the university's Gainesville Florida campus.The current structure is the second at the university to bear the name. The original Hume Hall was designed by Guy Fulton and built on the same site in 1958 as a conventional dormitory.
 The Omaha National Bank Building was built in 1888–89 at 1650 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built in the Italian Renaissance style the building was saved from demolition by a rehabilitation in 1978. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 the building was originally known as the New York Life Insurance Building; it was renamed in 1906.
 John Robbins House built in 1800 is a historic house at 144 Great Road in Acton Massachusetts.The Federal style house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Plain Dealing is a historic home located near Keene Albemarle County Virginia. It is an H-shaped dwelling consisting of a two-story main block and a parallel 1 1/2-story rear wing connected by a two-story hyphen. The two-story main section was built about 1787 and the 1 1/2-story wing may predate it. The front facade is five bays wide and features an original tetrastyle porch supported on Doric order piers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 New York Public Library and Bryant Park is a conjunction of the New York Public Library Main Branch and the adjacent Bryant Park. This conjunction was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1966.Its listing on the National Register is distinct from the New York Public Library on the same day which covered just the main branch building. The NRHP reference number of the other listing is 66000546.
 Don Chan Palace is a hotel in Vientiane Laos established in 2004. The hotel is the tallest building in the city at 14 storeys. Legislation by the Vientiane government had attempted to ensure that the seven storey monument would remain the tallest building in the city but the hotel developers evaded legal restrictions by building the hotel on an outcrop along on the Mekong River. The rooms of the hotel are described by Frommers as having a muted colors with few traditional Lao furnishings.
 Pigman's Bar-B-Que is an Outer Banks landmark as well as a premiere BBQ restaurant on the Outer Banks of North Carolina. It started out as a small ham shop on the Outer Banks in the late 1980s and has since gone on to win multiple awards like Best on the Beach. It has been featured in such publications as Southern Living magazine and The Coast. According to the jingle it is on the 9+1/2 mile post.
 Manoir de Grézignac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Hotel Barcelona Princess is a skyscraper and hotel of Princess (Hotels & Resorts) in the Diagonal Mar district of Sant Martí in Barcelona. Completed in 2004 has 26 floors and rises 109 metres. On the 23rd floor has a bar and pool most of Barcelona also a restaurant open to the public.
 Holmes Run Acres is a community of 355 houses in Fairfax County Virginia in the Washington D.C. suburbs. Much of it is preserved within Holmes Run Acres Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The community was developed by brothers Gerald and Eli Luria. They offered the public a unique opportunity to own a contemporary style home modeled after the California Ranch style popularized on the west coast.
 The Miss Worcester Diner or Worcester Lunch Car # 812 is a historic diner at 302 Southbridge Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built in 1948 by Worcester Lunch Car Company and is located across the street from the company's (now defunct) Worcester factory. While independently owned and operated it was used by the Lunch Car Company as a showroom diner and a testbed for new features.
 Conisbrough Castle is a 12th-century castle in Conisbrough South Yorkshire England whose remains are dominated by the 97-foot (29.5m) high circular keep which is supported by six buttresses. In the mid-1990s the keep was restored with a wooden roof and two floors being rebuilt. Audio and visual displays now help to reconstruct a view of life in a medieval castle while a history of the site is documented in the adjacent visitors' centre.
 St Laurence's Church is a Church of England mission and former parish church in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is situated alongside the site of Reading Abbey formerly bounded by the main Compter Gate to the south and the Hospitium of St John to the north.
 SouthPark Mall is a bi-level shopping mall located in the Cleveland suburb of Strongsville Ohio. Its anchor stores are Dillard's Macy's JCPenney Kohl's Sears and Dick's Sporting Goods. It also includes a 14-screen Cinemark movie theater. At 1654292 square feet SouthPark Mall is ranked 45th in the top 50 largest shopping malls in the United States. The mall features more than 180 specialty shops and restaurants and is the largest retail destination in Greater Cleveland.
 Court Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Binghamton in Broome County New York. The district includes 87 contributing buildings and encompasses the historic downtown core of downtown Binghamton. The majority of the contributing structures are commercial buildings built between about 1840 and 1939. Ten and twelve story office buildings built in the 20th century are prominent features of the district.
 The Savannah Victorian Historic District is a historic district in Savannah Georgia.The original area listed in 1974 is roughly bounded by Gwinnett Price Anderson and Montgomery Sts. An increase to the area listed in 1982 was bounded by Gwinnett Anderson and 31st Sts.
 Winslow Congregational Church was a historic church building located at 61 Winthrop Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The church was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 Yorktown Heights Railroad Station is a former railroad station on the Putnam Line in Yorktown Heights New York United States. It is a wooden building located on Commerce Street at the intersection of Underhill Avenue in Railroad Park.The station was originally built in 1877 by the New York Westchester and Putnam Railway along a line originally installed by the New York and Boston Railroad that is today a rail trail.
 Hopestill Bent Tavern built in 1710 is a historic tavern at 252 Old Connecticut Path in Wayland Massachusetts.
 The James McPartland Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 17 Pond Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1888 it is a rare surviving instance of the form in Worcester's East Side Irish neighborhood. It has a hip roof with decorative brackets in the eaves.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Saranta Kolones(Greek: Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες Forty Columns castle) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos on the island of Cyprus. It takes its name from the large number of granite columns that were found on the site and probably once formed part of the ancient agora.
 The Howard is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1909 at Deep Creek Virginia. She is a 45-foot-long (14 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 15.3 feet (4.7 m) a depth of 3.1 feet (0.94 m) and a net registered tonnage of 8. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 David Davis Farm also known as the Christian Summers Farm and John Martin Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at Earl Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes seven contributing buildings and one contributing site. They include the farmhouse a stone bank barn (c. 1780) spring house (c. 1800) two frame tobacco barns a small frame shed (c. 1940) and family burial ground.
 SM City San Lazaro is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings by Henry Sy Sr. It is located in Santa Cruz Manila this is the 2nd SM Supermall in the City of Manila after SM City Manila which was opened on April 2000. This mall sits on what was the site of the former San Lazaro Hippodrome a racetrack for horses.
 The City Hall of Old Colorado City is a Richardsonian Romanesque Revival building from the Old Colorado City of Colorado Springs Colorado. It was a city hall after it was built in 1888 but shortly after was used for other purposes including Hibbits Antique & Furniture Store. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Royal Jewelry Museum (Arabic:متحف المجوهرات ) is an art and history museum in the Zizenia neighborhood of Alexandria Egypt. It is located in the former palace of Princess Fatma Al-Zahra'. Its halls contain an inestimable collection of jewels and jewelry of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty. 19th-century paintings statues and decorative arts are also exhibited in the rooms and lobbies. The museum was first inaugurated on 24 October 1986.
 The Edward V. Rickenbacker House in Columbus Ohio is a National Historic Landmark. It commemorates the early life of Eddie Rickenbacker who at various times in his life was a flying ace Medal of Honor recipient race car driver and a pioneer in air transportation.The first portion of the house was built between 1893 and 1895 by Rickenbacker's father William with two rooms on the main floor and two attic rooms.
 Kerak Castle is a large crusader castle located in Kerak in Jordan. It is one of the largest crusader castles in the Levant. Construction of the castle began in the 1140s under Pagan Fulk of Jerusalem's butler. The Crusaders called it Crac des Moabites or Karak in Moab as it is frequently referred to in history books.Paganus was also Lord of Oultrejordain (Transjordan) and Karak became the centre of his power replacing the weaker castle of Montreal to the south.
 St Peter's Church is a Church of England church in Marchington Staffordshire. It is the only church in the parish of St. Peter Marchington.
 The House at 15 Davis Avenue in Newton Massachusetts is a well-preserved modest Italianate house. It includes paired brackets in the eaves bracketed lintels above the doors and windows and paneled corner pilaster strips. This was probably one of the first houses built when Seth Davis (whose house stands on Eden Avenue) began to sell off some of his landholdings.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Susan Russell House is a historic house at 58 Sycamore Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival cottage is estimated to have been built in the 1830s based a stylistic analysis. It is a rare survivor of a style that was once common in Somerville. Its principal surviving Greek Revival element is its door surround.
 The Chapel of St. Patrick is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Millerton Dutchess County New York. It was founded in 1867.St. Patrick's was a mission church of Immaculate Conception in Amenia NY. In 1864 Father John Arsenigo pastor at Croton Falls would say Mass in the homes around Millerton.
 Robert Fulton School is a historic school building located in the Morton neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1935-1937. It is a three-story brick and limestone building in the Moderne-style. It features ribbon bands of windows large brick piers a main entrance tower and historical figures holding lamps of enlightenment and knowledge.
 Hall County Courthouse in Memphis Texas is a historic courthouse built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 1 2008.The four story red brick building is a Classical Revival design with Beaux Arts influences. Each facade of the building features a two story loggia with paired Corinthian columns.
 Wellow Abbey was an abbey in Lincolnshire England. It was founded about 1110 by Henry I of England as a house of Austin canons. The date of foundation is not known precisely. It was also known as Grimsby Abbey.The last abbot was Robert Whitgift uncle of John Whitgift. The Abbey was dissolved in 1538 and he was given a pension.The abbey was built on a hill and its grounds covered around ten acres surrounded by a wall and ditch.
 Highland Park Presbyterian Church (HPPC) is a Presbyterian church in University Park Texas which is one of the affluent Park Cities enclaves of Dallas.In 2013 HPPC voted to change its affiliation from Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) to ECO: A Covenant Order of Evangelical Presbyterians.
 Ruine Liechtenstein is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Miracle Mile Shops is a 475000 square foot (44129 m²) 1.2-mile (1.9 km) long enclosed shopping mall on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas Nevada. It is home to more than 170 stores 15 restaurants and live entertainment venues.Synonymous with retail districts throughout the country the name connotes a shopping environment and also alludes to the Miracle Mile district as the casino renovates its image to a Los Angeles themed resort.[citation needed]
 St. Saviour’s Anglican Church Orono is an historic redbrick church building located on Mill Street in Orono Ontario Canada.It was built in 1869 by the Orono congregation of the Bible Christian Church in the Gothic Revival style of architecture. In 1884 the Bible Christian Church merged with the Methodist Church of Canada and the building became redundant and was bought by the Anglican parish which became St. Saviour's.St.
 St Oswald's Church Bidston is in Bidston an area of Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Birkenhead.
 The Bigelow Tavern Historic District is a historic district at 60 64 and 65 Worcester Street in West Boylston Massachusetts. It consists of a cluster of three buildings: Bigelow Tavern the White/Gibbs Store and Temple's Distillery. The buildings have a history of common ownership and the area was locally important from the late 18th century into the late 19th century.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Main Mall Row is an adjoining group of nine commercial buildings along the northeast corner of the intersection of Main and Garden streets in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States. They were mostly built after a fire in 1870 destroyed the previous buildings on the site. The new structures were three-to-four story buildings in the Renaissance Revival style many with ornamental touches such as bracketed cornices paneled friezes arcaded facades and molded lintels.
 The Myrtle Street School is a historic school at 64 Myrtle Street in the Indian Orchard neighborhood of Springfield Massachusetts. A complex of four connected buildings it was built in stages between 1868 and 1915. The oldest portion of the school exhibits Second Empire styling while major additions in 1903 and 1914 added additional classroom space an auditorium and gymnasium and hallways connecting the various portions to each other.
 Hospital Pereira Rossell is a hospital in Montevideo Uruguay. It is located in the barrio of Parque Batlle just west of the park of the same name. It was founded in 1908 and was built on land donated in late 1900 by Alexis Rossell y Rius and Dolores Pereira de Rossell. It was the first paediatric hospital and shortly afterwards the first maternity hospital when they installed obstetric and gynaecological clinic in 1915. Later the hospital received a donation from Dr.
 The Old Melbourne Gaol is a museum and former prison located in Russell Street Melbourne Victoria Australia. It consists of a bluestone building and courtyard and is located next to the old City Police Watch House and City Courts buildings. It was first constructed starting in 1839 and during its operation as a prison between 1842 and 1929 it held and executed some of Australia's most notorious criminals including bushranger Ned Kelly and serial killer Frederick Bailey Deeming.
 One South Broad also known as the Lincoln-Liberty Building or PNB Building is a 28-story 472-foot (144 m) office tower in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. The art deco tower designed by architect John Torrey Windrim as an annex for Wanamaker's department store was completed in 1932.
 The San Francisco Bay Discovery Site is a marker commemorating the first recorded European sighting of San Francisco Bay. In 1769 the Portola expedition traveled north by land from San Diego seeking to establish a base at the Port of Monterey described by Sebastian Vizcaino in 1602. When they reached Monterey however they were not sure it was the right place and decided to continue north.
 The Colonel Joseph Barker House is a historic residence in Washington County Ohio United States. Located north of Marietta in the Muskingum Township community of Devola it has changed little since its construction in the early nineteenth century and it has been designated a historic site.
 The Alexander State Forest Headquarters Building serves as the headquarters of the Alexander State Forest in Woodworth Louisiana. The building a log cabin was constructed in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps who had established a camp in the forest in 1923. Alexander State Forest which was established in 1923 and continued to grow until 1938 was the first state forest in Louisiana and marked the first effort by a Southern state to preserve its yellow pine forests.
 FiftyTwoDegrees is an 86-metre-tall (282 ft) high-rise building in Nijmegen Netherlands.It is from a special design. Its lower floors are built as an inclined tower while its upper sections are from conventional design.FiftyTwoDegrees was completed in 2007.
 The Charles Boyd Homestead is a group of three buildings that make up a pioneer ranch complex. It is located in Deschutes County north of Bend Oregon United States. The ranch buildings were constructed by Charles Boyd between 1905 and 1909. Today the three surviving structures are the only ranch buildings that date back to the earliest period of settlement in the Bend area. The Boyd Homestead is listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Androscoggin Mill Block is an historic block at 269-271 Park Street in Lewiston Maine.The Greek Revival/Italianate block was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 River Roads Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Jennings a suburb of St. Louis Missouri United States. Opened in 1962 as one of the nation's first shopping malls the mall declined in the 1990s becoming a dead mall and eventually being shuttered in 1995. Demolition of the long-vacant mall began in 2006.
 The Galileo Galilei planetarium commonly known as Planetario is located in Parque Tres de Febrero in the Palermo district of Buenos Aires Argentina.
 The Old Sloatsburg Cemetery is located at the end of Richard Street in Sloatsburg New York United States. It began as the Sloat family cemetery with the burial of Revolutionary War casualty John Sloat in 1781. After a half-century of inactivity it gradually was expanded to include 1200 graves by the time of the last burial in 1949.Its landscaping reflects several different eras of cemetery design.
 Lane University was a college located in Lecompton Kansas. It was founded in 1865 by Rev. Solomon Weaver the first president and was named after U.S. Senator James H. Lane. Jim Lane was a main free-state leader and Lecompton was previously the capital of the opposing pro-slavery faction. Local tradition notes that a funding drive to construct the university promised to name it after the major contributor. Allegedly James H.
 Bank of America Center is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. The building was the tallest in the state of Virginia from 1967 to 1971 when it was overtaken by Richmond City Hall. Today it is the second-tallest building in City of Norfolk.The building has a long history in banking.
 The House at 556 Lowell Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a high style Queen Anne Victorian in the Montrose section of town. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1894 probably for Denis Lyons a Boston wine merchant. The house is asymmetrically massed with a three story turret topped by an eightsided dome roof on the left side and a single story porch that wraps partially onto the right side with a small gable over the stairs to the front door.
 The Vee Bar Ranch Lodge was built in 1891 as the home of Lionel C.G. Sartoris a prominent Wyoming rancher. The ranch was later owned by Luther Filmore a Union Pacific Railroad official and the Wright family who operated the ranch as a dude ranch. The property comprises five historic buildings including the lodge original corral and a stock chute.Sartoris bought the Vee Bar lands from homesteader Theodore Brubaker in 1890.
 HM Prison Parc is a Category B men's private prison and Young Offenders Institution located in Bridgend Mid Glamorgan Wales. Parc Prison is operated by G4S and is the only privately operated prison in Wales.
 Daar Al-Arqam Mosque or commonly known as Masjid Asakusa (Japanese: ダール· ·アルカムアル) is a mosque located in downtown Tokyo that was built in 1998. Asakusa Masjid Mosque is managed by the Japan Mosque Foundation (JMF) which is one of the departments in the institute Islamic Circle of Japan.
 The GM Technical Center is a General Motors facility in Warren Michigan. The campus is home to 16000 GM engineers designers and technicians and has been the center of the company's engineering effort since its inauguration in 1956.The Tech Center was designed by architect Eero Saarinen with construction beginning in 1949. The campus was completed in 1955 and ceremonially opened by President Dwight D. Eisenhower on May 16 1956.
 Marine Mill is a historic site in Marine on St. Croix Minnesota United States. It was Minnesota's first commercial sawmill which operated from 1839 to 1895 on a bluff overlooking the St. Croix River. The buildings were torn down when the mill closed and today all that is visible are the overgrown ruins of the foundations. The site is operated by the Minnesota Historical Society.
 Brunswick County Courthouse Square is a historic county courthouse complex and national historic district located at Lawrenceville Brunswick County Virginia. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing objects. They are the courthouse building a clerk's office library jail Confederate war monument and a simple granite slab monument commemorating the county’s veterans of World War I to the Vietnam War. Together they constitute a classic Southern courthouse square.
 George's Quay Plaza is a complex of buildings located on the southern bank of the River Liffey between Hawkins street and Lombard Street in Dublin Republic of Ireland. The Quay faces The Custom House which is a major tourist attraction. The Quay is a centre for public transport as Tara Street railway station (3rd busiest in Ireland) is located on George's Quay.Office Use in George's quay accounts for two thirds of all development.
 The Chang Lien-cheng Saxophone Museum (Chinese: 張連昌薩克斯風博物館; pinyin: Zhāng Liánchāng Sàkèsīfēng Bówùguǎn) is a saxophone museum and manufacturing company in Houli District Taichung Taiwan.
 H. G. Burleigh House is a historic home located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. The home was originally owned by U.S. Congressman Henry G. Burleigh and was built in 1894 and enlarged in 1905. It is a 2 1⁄2-story irregularly massed stone and concrete veneer Queen Anne–style building with Colonial Revival features. It is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed structure built of brick. It features a central Palladian window at the second level.
 Mount Vernon Place United Methodist Church and Asbury House is a historic United Methodist church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Norman-Gothic style church that was completed in 1872. It was designed by Thomas Dixon a Baltimore architect and is built of blocks of a unique metabasalt a green-toned Maryland fieldstone with brownstone ornamentation.
 St. Mary's Church Brook is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brook Isle of Wight.
 The Jockey Club Creative Arts Centre (JCCAC) (Chinese：賽馬會創意藝術中心) is an art colony and multi-disciplinary artists' centre in Shek Kip Mei Hong Kong housed in a converted nine-storey factory estate.JCCAC was established by cooperation of the Hong Kong Arts Development Council (HKADC) and the Hong Kong Arts Centre (HKAC) and run by Hong Kong Baptist University (HKBU) now.
 The National Football Museum is a museum at the Urbis building in Manchester city centre founded to preserve conserve and interpret several important collections of association football memorabilia. The museum was originally situated in Deepdale Preston Lancashire but moved to Manchester in 2012.
 Luther Place Memorial Church (Washington D.C.) is a neo-Gothic church built in Washington DC in 1873 as a memorial to peace and reconciliation following the American Civil War. Its original name was Memorial Evangelical Lutheran Church and it was designed by architects Judson York J.C. Harkness and Henry Davis. It is located in Thomas Circle near its namesake a statue of Martin Luther.
 The Burke County Courthouse in Bowbells North Dakota was built in 1928.It is one ofthree distinctive county buildings in North Dakota...which were designed by the Minneapolis Minnesota firm Toltz King and Day.The other two are the Barnes County Courthouse and the Ward County Courthouse.According to its NRHP nomination the courthouse is significant for its role in the history of countyaffairs and for its architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Saint Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic church on AR 9 in Mammoth Spring Arkansas.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Weddle Bridge is a 120-foot long wooden covered bridge located in Sweet Home Oregon United States.The bridge originally spanned Thomas Creek near Crabtree Oregon. It was bypassed in 1980 by a concrete bridge. The unused bridge became a safety issue and the span was disassembled in October 1987.
 The Bronx Municipal Building later known as Bronx Borough Hall and eventually as Old Bronx Borough Hall (1897-1969) was the original administrative headquarters of the Bronx Borough President and other local civic leaders in the Bronx New York.
 Nakaseke Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
 Oakwood Cemetery Chapel is a historic chapel at 2420 Oakwood Drive in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 Newstead-on-Ancholme Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England. The Gilbertine priory of Holy Trinity Newstead-on-Ancholme was founded for Gilbertine canons by King Henry II in 1171. The endowment was small and the number of canons and lay brothers was limited by Saint Gilbert to thirteen.The priory was surrendered in 1538 by the prior Robert Hobson and five canons.
 The Sterick Building is an office building in Memphis Tennessee. It was designed by Wyatt C. Hedrick & Co. and was completed in 1930—its name is a contraction of the original owners' names R.E. Sterling and Wyatt Hedrick. It is a gothic-style tower 111 m (365 ft) tall with 29 floors. When it opened it 1930 it was the tallest building in the South and was the tallest building in Tennessee until 1957. It is now the fifth-tallest building in Memphis.
 The Lincoln-Tallman House is a historic house located in Janesville Wisconsin. Built and constructed by the Tallman family the house was once host to overnight guest U.S. President Abraham Lincoln.
 Kamoyants Saint Gevork Church (Armenian: Կամոյանց Սուրբ Գևորգ Եկեղեցի; Russian: Церковь Камоянц Св. Геворг) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi Georgia. It was destroyed in 1937-38 by order of Lavrentiy Beria along with 10 other churches in Tbilisi.
 The Hus' House or Husův sbor is a Hussite church in Dykova Street in Prague 10. It was completed in 1935 as part of a multi-functional development by architect Pavel Janák in the constructivist style. The tall six-storey minimalist tower and belfry carries a 700kg copper chalice as a symbol of the Hussite Church. The tower was briefly used to create an alternative radio station during the Prague uprising in 1945.
 Kirkcaldy Town House is a Scandinavian influenced town hall located in Kirkcaldy Fife Scotland. The current town house was begun in 1937 from a competition-winning design by architects David Carr and William Howard of Edinburgh. Only the foundations had been put in place before construction was interrupted by the Second World War. Work resumed on the building in 1950 and was completed in two separate phases between 1953 and 1956.
 San Barnaba is a church in Milan Italy. It is the first edifice of the Barnabites order.Designed by Galeazzo Alessi it is a small church with a nave with barrel vault finishing in a square-plan presbytery.The interior includes a notable selection of Milanese Mannerist artworks: the Stigmata of St. Francis by Giovan Paolo Lomazzo a Pietà by Aurelio Luini and flaking the high altar two large canvasses with Histories of St.
 Abbeville Historic District is a historic district in Abbeville South Carolina. It includes several properties listed separately in the National Register of Historic Places including the Abbeville County Courthouse and the Abbeville Opera House. The district was listed in National Register on September 14 1972.Originally it was roughly bounded by Seaboard Coastline RR SR 72 Rickey Haight Hemphill and Haigler Sts.
 For the Missouri Theatre in Columbia Missouri see Missouri Theatre Center for the ArtsThe Missouri Theater and the Missouri Theater Building adjoin each other in St. Joseph Missouri. The Missouri Theater was built as a cinema in the atmospheric style using a combination of Art Deco and Moorish detailing.
 Morgans Hotel is a boutique hotel located on Madison Avenue New York City USA. Owned by Morgans Hotel Group this was the first property in the group and opened in 1984. Andrée Putman served as interior designer for the 1984 renovation of this 1927 structure.
 Al-Irsyad Mosque is a mosque located in Bandung Indonesia. The mosque was built in 2009 and completed in 2010. The mosque is shaped as a cube without a dome. The architect is Urbane Indonesia.
 The Weizer Building was a historic commercial structure located at 8935 Buckeye Road in Cleveland Ohio United States. Designed by Emile Uhlrich it was constructed in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 but it was destroyed by 2007.
 The Swoboda Bakery was built at 1422 William Street in 1888 in the Little Bohemia neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 19 1996.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The Cathedral is located in the Central Business District near the river. The cornerstone of St. Pauls's was laid by Sir Wilfrid Laurier. Originally built as parish church it became a pro-cathedral in 1921 and a full cathedral in 1934 when the diocese of Saskatoon was established. The organ was installed in 1912.
 Somerset Medical Center located in Somerville New Jersey is a nationally accredited 355-bed regional medical center providing a variety of comprehensive emergency medical/surgical and rehabilitative services to Central New Jersey residents.Somerset Medical Center is a major clinical affiliate of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey-Robert Wood Johnson Medical School (RWJMS).
 St. Michael's Cathedral (Chinese: 圣弥爱尔大教堂; pinyin: Shèng Míàiěr Dàjiàotáng)，also called the Zhejiang Road Catholic Church（浙江路天主教堂），which is abbreviated by locals to simply the Catholic Church (天主教堂）is a Catholic church in Qingdao (also known as Tsingtao) Shandong Province China and is the seat of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Qingdao. It is located in the oldest part of Qingdao at 15 Zhejiang Road on the east side of Zhongshan Road in Shinan District.
 The William T. Hendricks House is located at 218 Center Ave in Pacheco California. In 1857 William Hendrick purchased a tract of land from Mr. Loucks and on it erected a dwelling house and a flour mill. This mill was the only flour mill ever operated in Contra Costa County.
 Trinity & St. Philip's Cathedral is a historic church at Broad and Rector Streets in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.
 The Church of the Covenant (a merger of Central Congregational Church and First Presbyterian Church) is a Boston Massachusetts landmark built in 1865-1867 by the Central Congregational Church and now affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA) and the United Church of Christ.
 The Davis-Adcock Store is a historic commercial building in Wilbon North Carolina a crossroads north of Fuquay-Varina. The building was constructed in 1906 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 2006.
 Redtop also spelled Red Top is an historic house located at 90 Somerset Street Belmont Massachusetts. It was once the home of William Dean Howells and family and is now a National Historic Landmark.
 Queen Mary's Hospital Sidcup is an acute district general hospital situated in Sidcup South East London serving the population of the London Borough of Bexley.
 Grasburg Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Schwarzenburg of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the largest castle ruin in the Canton of Bern. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 West Market Street United Methodist Church is one of the oldest churches in Greensboro North Carolina over 175 years old; West Market is located in downtown Greensboro across from the courthouse. West Market is a relatively large church with approximately 2000 members though not all are active. The current sanctuary was completed in 1893 the third sanctuary built by the congregation.
 High Service Water Tower and Reservoir built in 1896 is a historic site off MA 110 in Tower Hill Lawrence Massachusetts. It was added to an existent reservoir the pumping station dating to 1874.
 The TCW Tower is a 39-storey 157.58 m (517.0 ft) skyscraper in Los Angeles California. It is the 19th tallest building in the city. The building was completed in 1990 when it and its designer Albert C. Martin & Associates were awarded the 'Outstanding Structural Design Award' by the Los Angeles Tall Building Structural Design Council.
 The Benjamin Shotwell House or the Shotwell-Runyon House is a historic house in Edison Middlesex County New Jersey United States. The house was listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The farm on which is located in part of Route 287. The Shotwells were early settlers of The Plains an early reference to Plainfield New Jersey.
 Rainmaker Hotel was a 250-room luxury hotel in Utule'i Pago Pago American Samoa.It was the only proper hotel in American Samoa and was operated by the government. The hotel was at its peak in the 1960s and 1970s when it was known as the Pacific's Intercontinental Hotel.The hotel was once refurbished by Drabbles at a cost of about $2.5 million. The thatched roof building is now a private accommodation.In 1980 an air disaster occurred when a US Navy plane hit the cables of the Mt.
 The Tomb of Ahmad Sanjar was built in Merv in 1157 following the death of Ahmad Sanjar sultan of the Great Seljuk Empire. It is reported that his tomb was the site of pilgrimages.
 The Masonic Temple in El Dorado Arkansas was built in 1924 in Art Deco and revival architectural styles. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Midland Regional Hospital Mullingar (formerly known as Longford-Westmeath Regional Hospital) is a public hospital located in Mullingar County Westmeath Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including a 24-hour emergency department for the population of County Westmeath and the Irish Midlands. In 2008 the hospital served 70454 out-patients and 18951 in-patients with an average stay of 3.0 nights.
 Jembatan Merah Plaza also known as Red Bridge Plaza is a mall in Surabaya Indonesia.
 Clover Mount also known as Tate House and Stone House Farm is a historic home located near Greenville Augusta County Virginia. The house dates to the late-18th century and is a two-story five-bay cut limestone dwelling built in two stages and completed before 1803. The original section contained a two-room hall-parlor plan and measured 30 feet by 20 feet. Added to it was a single-cell double-pile addition. A two-story stuccoed ell was added to the house around 1900.
 All Saints Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Ngcobo Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The Flying Horse Walk is an shopping arcade located at the heart of Nottingham City Centre in Nottingham England. The arcade houses a variety of fashion boutiques and other retailers. It is situated just off the city's Old Market Square on The Poultry.It takes its name from a fifteenth-century public house of the same name the Flying Horse Inn that is located at the Market Square end of the walk. The facade of the public house has been retained and is Grade II listed building.
 The St. Augustine's Catholic Church of Austin Nevada United States located at 113 Virginia St. was built in 1886 and is Nevada's oldest Catholic church building. It includes Gothic Revival and Italianate architecture. It was extended by a c.1900 sacristy addition and was renovated in 1939. It includes mural work from 1939 by Rafael Jolly and Duff Jolly and an organ made by Henry C. Kilgen.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 50 California Street is a 148 m (486 ft) 37-story office tower completed in 1972 at the foot of California Street in the financial district of San Francisco California. There is a plaza located at the foot of the building. The building is owned and managed by the Shorenstein Company.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Tucson (FCI Tucson) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates with an administrative facility for male and female offenders. It is part of the Tucson Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Tucson) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Tucson is located within Tucson city limits 10 miles southeast of downtown Tucson.
 Shanghai Science and Technology Museum (Chinese: 上海科技馆) is a large museum in Pudong Shanghai close to Century Park the largest park within the inner districts of the city.The museum covers an area of 68000 square metres a floor space of 98000 square metres and an exhibition space of 65500 square metres with planned visiting flow of 2000000 to 3000000 visitors per year and investment of RMB 1.755 billion Yuan.
 Montquintin Castle is an ancient feudal castle now in ruins situated on a ridge overlooking the valley of the Ton to Montquintin in Gaume in the extreme south of the province of Luxembourg (Walloon Region of Belgium).
 The former Sixth Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 2656 42nd Avenue Southwest in the Admiral District of West Seattle in Seattle Washington. Built in 1929 by contractor Neil McDonald it was designed by Seattle architect Gerald C. Field in the Art Deco style of architecture.
 1 Utama Shopping Centre is situated in Bandar Utama Damansara a township in the north of Petaling Jaya Selangor and is also adjacent to the Taman Tun Dr Ismail township in Kuala Lumpur the capital city of Malaysia. Its gross built-up area totals 5000000 square feet (465000 m²)</span>. It is the largest shopping mall in Malaysia and the fourth largest in the world.Following the expiration of the management contract of Phase 1
 Metrocenter Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in South Jackson. The largest enclosed shopping mall in Mississippi it is composed of 1250000 square feet of retail space on two levels. Despite Metrocenter opening with four anchors Burlington Coat Factory remains. After years of decay the City of Jackson moved into the former Belk property. Metrocenter has one of two Burlington Coat Factory locations in Mississippi and is located on the corner of Interstates 20 and 220 and U.S.
 The Castle Amerongen was built in 1673 on the site of a previous stronghold that had been burned during the Rampjaar in 1672 by the French.
 The Walter Keene House is a historic house at 28 High Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame building was built c. 1900 and is an excellent local example of a transitional Queen Anne-Colonial Revival house. Its hip roof and front porch are typically Colonial Revival while the left-side turret and turned posts and balusters are Queen Anne. The house was built for a local shoe salesman and banker.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Broadfield House is a Grade II listed building which houses a glass museum and hot glass studio run by Dudley Council located in Kingswinford West Midlands England. Its collection is made up of items dating from the 17th century to present day and holds many public events and temporary exhibitions. It also houses a public shop where glass makers can sell their wares.
 The Snead Building located at 815 W. Market St. is a multi-use facility housing two working glass studios (two glass galleries a Walk-In Workshop and tours by appointment. This building houses a first floor event space as well as a roof top space and loft rentals.
 The Calumet is a historic commercial building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was designed in 1906 and is a three-story steel frame building covered in decorative architectural terra cotta. The distinctive glazed white and burnt sienna terra cotta is detailed with a centrally located reed or running stem and four leaves depicting the Calamus palm.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Savoy Hotel and Grill is a historic hotel and restaurant in Kansas City Missouri. The Savoy Hotel is the oldest continuously operating hotel in the United States west of the Mississippi River.
 Tistad Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The Nicola Valley Museum and Archives is in Merritt British Columbia. it was built and is operated by the Nicola Valley Museum and Archives Association which was formed at a meeting at Merritt City Hall on May 26 1976 and was registered as a Society on September 23 1976. The members initially met in a variety of locations and had two temporary museums before moving into the current facility in 1980/81.
 Fort Garrison also known as Oulton's Garrison Risteau's Garrison and Olton's Garrison is a historic fortification building located at Stevenson Baltimore County Maryland on Garrison Farms Court. It is a rectangular fieldstone building built about 1695. The fort was built to serve as a stronghold against attacks by Native Americans and was used during the French and Indian War. It is approximately 48 feet long and 18 feet wide with one large stone fireplace.
 The Quakertown Passenger and Freight Station is a historic train station and freight depot located at Quakertown Bucks County Pennsylvania. The two buildings were designed by Wilson Bros. & Company in 1889 and built by Cramp and Co. for the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad in 1902. The passenger station is constructed of dark Rockhill granite and Indiana limestone and is in a Late Victorian style. It is 1 1/2 stories tall and measures 25 feet wide by 97 feet 6 inches long.
 Santa Maria in Traspontina (or Transpontina) is a Carmelite church in Rome Italy.The shrine lies on the Via della Conciliazione the main road of the Rione Borgo. Pope Alexander VI demolished an ancient Roman pyramid on the same site (the Meta Romuli believed in the Middle Ages to be Romulus's tomb and portrayed on the bronze doors to St Peter's Basilica and in a Giotto di Bondone triptych in the Vatican Museums) for the construction of the first church.
 The Gordon B. Hinckley Alumni and Visitors Center is a three-story building which houses alumni association offices on the Brigham Young University (BYU) campus in Provo Utah.
 Briarwood Mall is a shopping mall in Ann Arbor Michigan United States. The mall's four anchor stores are Macy's JCPenney Sears and Von Maur. Surrounded by office and other development the mall anchors the southern Ann Arbor commercial area around Eisenhower Boulevard and I-94. It serves as the primary shopping mall for all of Washtenaw County. Simon Property Group currently manages and co-owns the mall.
 Carns State Aid Bridge is a historic bridge that spans the Niobrara River about 10.8 miles northeast of Bassett Nebraska. It is a Parker & Pratt through truss bridge built in 1912. It has also been known as Niobrara River Bridge and denoted as NEHBS No. RO00-72.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Moorestown Mall is a shopping mall in Moorestown New Jersey owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.Originally opened for business in 1963 Moorestown Mall underwent a partial renovation in 1986 and was completely renovated in 1993-94 after a serious fire damaged the northeast quarter of the mall on December 23 1992.Prior to Rouse Co.'s purchase of the mall in December 1997 The May Co.
 The Weist Apartments located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sudbury Congregational Church (Sudbury Meetinghouse) is a historic church on VT 30 in Sudbury Vermont.It was built in 1807 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Herschell Carrousel Factory Museum is a historic carousel factory building located at North Tonawanda in Niagara County New York. The factory complex was constructed between about 1910 and 1915 and consists of six primary structures and five contributory additions. The primary structures are: the Mill Building (ca. 1910) Carving and Pattern shop (ca. 1910) Paint Shop and Storage Building (ca. 1915) Roundhouse (ca. 1915) Machine Shop (1915) and Assembly and Testing Building (1915).
 The Puck Building is an historic building located in the Nolita neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It occupies the block bounded by Lafayette Houston Mulberry and Jersey Streets. An example of the German Rundbogenstil style of Romanesque Revival architecture the building was designed by Albert Wagner and was constructed in two parts. The north section was built in 1885-1886 and the south addition in 1892-1893.
 Francis Scott Key School is a historic school building located in the Central South Philadelphia neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a three-story eight bay brick building on a limestone base in the Late Victorian-style. It features a decorative brick corbel small pedimented dormer and three great flaring capped chimneys.
 The Cape Lookout Coast Guard Station is located on the Core Banks of North Carolina between Cape Lookout and the Cape Lookout Light. The station was built as a lifeboat station beginning in 1916 and comprises a complex of several frame buildings. The chief structure is the Main Station a neo-colonial building with a central cupola or watchtower. It is surrounded by a galley or messhall equipment buildings cisterns and similar support structures.
 Wereham Priory of St. Winwaloe was a priory in Norfolk England.
 The Pickle Barrel House is a two-story cabin built to resemble two barrels. The house design is based on cartoon characters that were two inches tall and lived under a rose bush in a pickle barrel. It is currently located in Grand Marais Michigan on Michigan's Upper Peninsula on the southern shore of Lake Superior. It is near the intersection of state highway M-77 and county road H-58 of this gateway town to the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore.
 Fortis Malar Hospital formerly known as Malar Hospital is a multi super-specialty hospital located at Adyar in Chennai India.
 Western High School was a building located in Silver City New Mexico. It was the former location of Silver High School before the current location of Silver High School was built.
 Beth Israel Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 238 Columbia Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.The synagogue was built in 1901 by Nathan Douglass. Congregation Anshai Sfard merged into it in 1957. In 1962 Beth Israel and Temple Ashkenaz merged to form Temple Beth Shalom of Cambridge and the new congregation chose to use the Temple Ashkenaz building on Tremont Street in Cambridge.
 FusionArts Museum at 57 Stanton Street on Manhattan's Lower East Side is the only contemporary art space in New York City dedicated to the exhibition and archiving of fusion art. The museum is a not-for-profit gallery operated by Converging Arts Media Organization a not-for-profit arts organization that promotes emerging American and international fusion artists.
 The Cafe Astoria (Chinese: 明星咖啡館; pinyin: míngxīng kāfēi guǎn) is the first western style bakery in Taiwan. It is located in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei Taiwan on WuChang Street across from the City God Temple.
 Burgruine Federaun is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital known to many simply as Sheppard Pratt is a psychiatric hospital located in Towson a northern suburb of Baltimore Maryland. The hospital was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1971.Founded in 1853 by the Baltimore merchant Moses Sheppard after a visit by the mental health rights advocate and social reformer Dorothea Lynde Dix the hospital was originally called the Sheppard Asylum.
 The Wisconsin Tower or 606 Building is a 22-story 280-foot-tall (85 m) art-deco high-rise building in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was completed in 1930 and was the second tallest building in Milwaukee at the time of its completion. It would be surpassed by the Chase Tower in 1961. Originally the building was an office tower but it was purchased and redeveloped into 74 condos in 2004. The renovation was completed the following year. The tower is located at 606 West Wisconsin Avenue.
 The South School is a historic school building at 9-11 Gerry Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It is the best preserved 19th century schoolhouse in Stoneham. The two story wood frame building housed two classrooms on each of its two floors and was built c. 1857-58 at a time when many schoolhouses in the state were typically single story buildings with one or two classrooms. The building saw academic use well into the 20th century before being converted to other uses.
 The Edward S. Barrows House (sic) is located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1976. The description of the man who built and occupied the home is not correct; his name was Dr. Egbert Storr Barrows (see below).
 The Salt Lake City and County Building usually called the City-County Building is the seat of government for Salt Lake City Utah. The historic landmark formerly housed offices for Salt Lake County government as well hence the name.
 The Château de Carrouges is a château dating partly from the 14th century located in the commune of Carrouges in the Orne department Basse-Normandie northern France. It is unusual in its combination of an austere fortress with a comfortable residence. The original fortifications at Carrouges were besieged and destroyed by English forces during the Hundred Years War. After the war the château was rebuilt by Jean Blosset grand seneschal of Normandy in the 15th century.
 Casey House is a hospital in Toronto Canada that specializes in HIV/AIDS care and also provides home care and outreach programs. It is located in the downtown area at the corner of Isabella and Huntley streets. When it was founded in 1988 it was the first specialized facility of its kind in Canada. It is named after Casey Frayne whose mother June Callwood was one of the principal volunteers whose efforts brought about the founding of the hospital.
 The Lars Petterson-James Reidy Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 4 Harlow Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1910 by Lars Petterson a local builder who developed several other Worcester properties. When the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 its Colonial Revival detailing was cited including square posts supporting the porches and a modillioned cornice.
 Union Chapel is a historic Methodist chapel located in Shelter Island Heights Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1875 and is a wood-frame structure with wood-shingle sheathing. The chapel's main three-bay facade has a 2 1⁄2-story bell tower with a double-door center entrance at its base; a small porch shelters the entry.
 The W. B. Hibbs and Company Building also known as the Folger Building is an historic structure located at 725 15th Street Northwest Washington D.C. in Downtown Washington D.C.
 Kempinski Vier Jahreszeiten Munich is a luxury five-star hotel in Munich Germany. It was built in 1858 and belongs to the Kempinski chain of hotels. Also it is in chain The Leading Small Hotels of the World. It is situated in the centre of Munich on Maximilianstrasse.
 Ackerman-Dater House also known as the Sampmill Farm is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1745 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Malate Church (formally known as Malate Catholic Church) is a church in Manila Philippines. It is a Baroque-style church which faces the Rajah Sulaiman park and beyond Manila Bay. The church is dedicated to Nuestra Señora de Remedios (Our Lady of Remedies) the patroness of childbirth. A revered statue of the Virgin Mary in her role as Our Lady of Remedies was brought from Spain in 1624 and stands at the altar.
 The A.M. Bohnert Rice Plantation Pump is located on Route 165 and Post Bayou Lane near Gillett Arkansas in Arkansas County and is a rare surviving example of an early 20th-century pump engine built by the noted engine manufacturer Fairbanks Morse & Company. The pumping engine was an important part of productive rice farming in the area to ensure enough water to flood the fields.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Dixie Square Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Harvey Illinois United States at the junction of 151st Street and the Dixie Highway. It stood vacant for over 30 years more than twice as long as it was in business. It was famous for having been used both inside and out for the mall chase scene in the movie The Blues Brothers.
 Reilly Brothers and Raub Building is a historic commercial building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban and built in 1910-1911. It is a four- to five-story L-shaped steel frame structure clad in brick pink granite Indiana limestone and copper in the Beaux-Arts style.
 The Spencer Township Hall is a historic former government building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. One of Cincinnati's oldest extant public buildings it has been designated a historic site because of its architecture.
 Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Arabic: الغرفة تجارة و صناعة دبي‎) also referred to as the Chamber of Commerce Building is a building in Dubai United Arab Emirates (UAE). Located in eastern Dubai in Deira the building is the headquarters of the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry. It is located in the Rigga Al Buteen community along Dubai Creek and is part of the old Dubai downtown.
 The Winters-Wimberley House is a historic home in Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 East Side Presbyterian Church now known as Parsells Avenue Community Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in the Beechwood neighborhood of Rochester Monroe County New York. The church was built in 1925-1925 and is a large rectangular brick building with cast stone trim in the Romanesque Revival style. The church features a tall engaged square tower with an octagonal cupola at its northwest corner.
 Holy Trinity Church Ratcliffe-on-Soar is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Ratcliffe-on-Soar.
 The Roberts Riverwalk Hotel and Residence Detroit formerly the Parke-Davis Research Laboratory also once known as Building 55-Detroit Research is located on Joseph Campau Street at the Detroit River in Detroit Michigan. The former research facility was redeveloped as a boutique luxury hotel located on the Detroit International Riverfront. The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Commercial Hotel also known as the General Pershing Hotel was a historic hotel and theater complex located in DuBois Pennsylvania United States. The four story brick structure opened as a two story hotel with 58 rooms in 1889. It was enlarged to four stories and 100 rooms with an expansion in 1901. The 700 seat Harris-DuBois Theater later the DuBois Playhouse opened in 1937. The building has been demolished.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 13 1985.
 Atala Masjid or Atala Mosque is a 15th-century mosque in Jaunpur Uttar Pradesh India. It is one of the chief tourist attractions in Jaunpur. The mosque bears the evidences of the times in which it was built. The Atala Masjid is a useful specimen of mosques not only in Uttar Pradesh but also in India.
 The Society for the Lying-In Hospital now known as Rutherford Place at 305 Second Avenue between East 17th and 18th Streets in the Stuyvesant Square neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was a maternity hospital built in 1902 and designed by noted architect R. H. Robertson in the Renaissance Revival style with a Palladian crown at the top.
 Ishaka Adventist Hospital (IAH) is a hospital in Uganda.
 The Tal-Mintna Catacombs are a hypogea complex in Mqabba Malta. The complex dates to at least to the fourth century AD.The site is managed by Heritage Malta and closed to the public for conservation.
 The Methodist Church by Barnes Pond (commonly known as Barnes Methodist Church) is a Methodist church in Station Road Barnes London. The church is affiliated to Churches Together in Barnes and (because some of its worshippers live there) to the neighbouring ecumenical grouping Churches Together in Mortlake and East Sheen.
 St George's is a Church of England parish based in the centre of Leeds West Yorkshire England. The church building is near to Leeds General Infirmary. Although based in the city centre the congregation is drawn from all parts of the city including a large student congregation.The current staff team includes Rector Revd Jonathan Clark and Priests Revds Mark Powley Revd Joanna Seabourne Revd Jon Swales (Curate) and Revd John Walker.
 2727 Kirby is a 30-story 96 unit condominium high rise designed by Ziegler Cooper and located in Upper Kirby just south of Westheimer in Houston Texas.
 Finn's Point National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Pennsville Township Salem County New Jersey United States. It encompasses 4.6 acres (1.9 ha) and as of February 2009 had 3033 interments. Adjacent to Fort Mott it is administered by the Washington Crossing National Cemetery.
 The Charles H. Hayes Building is a historic former box factory at 14-44 Granite Street Haverhill Massachusetts. The seven story brick and terracotta building was constructed in two phases (1894 and 1911) for Charles H. Hayes a leading shoe manufacturer in Haverhill. The box factory established on the premises provided packing supplies for Haverhill's shoe factories.
 The St. George's Episcopal Church in Austin Nevada United States located at 156 Main St. is a historic Gothic Revival style church built during 1877-78. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It is a one-story brick building with the bricks laid in American bond with lancet arch windows set on a terrace in Pony Canyon with a corner bell tower dominating.
 The E.S. Swayze Drugstore in Otisville Michigan is a building from 1874. It was constructed to replace a previous store that burned in 1874. The second floor meeting hall was used by the Free Methodist Church for services from 1887 to 1890. In 1903 Otisville Lodge #401 (a local Masonic lodge) purchased the building and used it as their meeting hall. It was owned by the Masons until 1970. The lodge has moved to other premises.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Dubois-Sarles Octagon is an octagon house located on South Street in Marlboro New York United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.First built around 1850 by the Dubois family it was renovated in 1872 by the Sarleses. As a result it reflects two different architectural styles: Italianate and Second Empire.
 Andrew Johnson National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Greeneville Tennessee maintained by the National Park Service. It was established to honor Andrew Johnson 17th President of the United States who became president after Abraham Lincoln's death.
 Zen Mountain Monastery (or Doshinji meaning Temple of the Way of Reality) is a Zen Buddhist monastery and training center on a 230-acre (0.93 km2) forested property in the Catskill Mountains in Mount Tremper New York. It was founded in 1980 by John Daido Loori originally as the Zen Arts Center. It combines the Rinzai and Sōtō Zen traditions in both of which Loori received dharma transmission.
 The Flattop Mountain Trail also known as the Grand Trail or the Big Trail was built in 1925 in Rocky Mountain National Park in the Larimer County portion of the U.S. state of Colorado. Built in 1925 and rehabilitated in 1940 with Civilian Conservation Corps labor it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The trail begins at 9500 feet of elevation at Bear Lake and climbs Flattop Mountain to a maximum elevation of 12324 feet on the Continental Divide.
 Tone Vale Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located approximately 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the north west of Norton Fitzwarren near Taunton Somerset England in what is now the village of Cotford St Luke. It covered a large catchment area with patients originating from places as far apart as Porlock (on the north western edge of Somerset) and Yeovil (on the south eastern edge).
 Dr. Lane Murray Unit is a women's prison of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice located in Gatesville Texas. The prison is located on Texas State Highway 36 between Farm to Market Road 215 and Farm to Market Road 929. The 1317 acres (533 ha) unit which opened in November 1995 is co-located with the Christina Crain Unit the Hilltop Unit the Mountain View Unit and the Woodman Unit.In 2010 the Murray Unit began to host a faith-based dormitory rehabilitation program.
 Lindenwood Cemetery is a cemetery operated by Dignity Memorial in Fort Wayne Indiana established in 1859. With over 69000 graves and covering 175 acres (0.71 km2) it is one of the largest cemeteries in Indiana.Famous interments include most important political figures from Fort Wayne history.Lindenwood was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 17 1978.
 Peleliu (or Beliliou) is an island in the island nation of Palau. Peleliu forms along with two small islands to its northeast one of the sixteen states of Palau. It is located northeast of Angaur and southwest of Koror.Peleliu has a total area of 5 mi² (13 km²) As of 2004 its population was about 700 making it the third most populous state of Palau. Most of the island's population lives in the village of Kloulklubed which is the state capital on the northern coast.
 Blackberry Hill Hospital was an NHS mental health facility in Fishponds Bristol England presently the home of some facilities of the Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership.Opened as a prison in 1779 many of its buildings and the co-located Glenside campus of the University of the West of England (UWE) are Grade II listed.
 Good Samaritan Hospital is a hospital in Los Angeles California United States. The hospital has 408 beds.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus is a Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Syracuse New York. It is located at 927 Park Avenue in the Westside. The building was designated a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II on August 27 1998 and dedicated on October 3 1999.
 The Vancouver Police Museum (formerly Vancouver Police Centennial Museum) opened to commemorate the centennial of the Vancouver Police Department and the City of Vancouver British Columbia in 1986. Located at 240 E. Cordova Street in Vancouver's Gastown the museum is housed in a building that was once both the Coroner’s Court and autopsy facilities (until 1980) and the City Analyst’s laboratory (until 1996).
 The Museum of Cultures (Italian: Museo delle Culture or Museo Heleneum) is one of the museums that form part of the Polo Culturale of the city of Lugano in Switzerland. It is situated in the Heleneum a villa on the shore of Lake Lugano to the east of the city centre and in the quarter of Castagnola.
 Poplar Hill is a historic home located at Aberdeen Harford County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed frame house built in the mid-18th century. A late-19th-century one-bay two-story gable-roofed wing is attached.Poplar Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Bristol Industrial Historic District is a national historic district located at Bristol Bucks County Pennsylvania. It encompasses nine contributing buildings in a wholly industrial area of Bristol. It includes the Keystone Mill (1877 1903) Star Mill (1880) Wilson & Fenimore Walpaper Factory (1882) and Peirce and William Planing Mill (1891). The district includes the separately listed Grundy Mill Complex and formerly listed Bristol Carpet Mills.
 Grace Reformed Church (Grace United Church of Christ - Akron Ohio) is a historic church at 172 W. Bowery Street in Akron Ohio.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Saint Agnes Hospital in Baltimore Maryland is a full-service teaching hospital located at 900 S. Caton Avenue.It is licensed and accredited with a Gold Seal of Approval from the JCAHO is designated as an American Society for Bariatric Surgery Bariatric Surgery Center of Excellence and is a Level IIIB Perinatal Referral Center for Maryland. St. Agnes Hospital is a member of Ascension Health the largest non-profit health care organization in the nation.
 Clymer District School No. 5 also known as the Little Red Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Clymer in Chautauqua County New York. It was designed and built about 1853 in the vernacular Greek Revival-style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 in the United States.
 Slagle-Byers House is a historic home located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland. It is a two-story gable-roofed Flemish bond brick structure with a two-story rear wing. It was constructed about 1819.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 New St Leonard's Church Langho is located in Whalley New Road between the villages of Langho and Billington in Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn.
 Friendship Baptist Church is a former church in Washington D.C. also known as Virginia Avenue Baptist Church Miracle Temple of Faith and the Redeemed Temple of Jesus Christ. It is located at 734 First St. Southwest Washington D.C.
 The Castle of Salir (Portuguese: Castelo de Salir) is an Almohad fortress located in the civil parish of the same name (Salir (Loulé)) 16 kilometres from the municipality seat of Loulé in the Portuguese Algarve.
 The Yūshūkan (遊就館) is a Japanese military and war museum located within Yasukuni Shrine in Chiyoda Tokyo. As a museum maintained by the shrine which is dedicated to the souls of soldiers who died fighting on behalf of the Emperor of Japan the museum contains various artifacts and documents concerning Japanese war casualties and military activity from the start of the Meiji Restoration to the end of the Pacific War.
 Judge Frank Cox House is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was designed by noted Morgantown architect Elmer F. Jacobs and built in 1898. It is a 2 1/2-story Queen Anne style brick dwelling. It features a three-story tower ornate wood porches stained glass windows and elaborate interior woodwork.
 The Bennettsville Historic District is a historic district in Bennettsville South Carolina United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The original area includes Magnolia and Jennings-Brown houses which are separately NRHP-listed. The NRHP-listed area was increased in 1993 to include the Playhouse Theater and other property along Clyde Street.
 The Chicago and Northwestern Depot also known as ITT-Holub Industries Warehouse is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in the DeKalb County Illinois city of Sycamore. While the building is historically a rail station it had been converted into a warehouse and storage facility by the late 1970s. It was added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Ogden Museum of Southern Art is located in New Orleans within the Central Business District adjacent to Lee Circle. It is associated with the University of New Orleans. Its focus is the visual arts and culture of the American South within the context of the region's history and culture.
 SITE Santa Fe (often referred to simply as SITE) is a non-profit contemporary arts organization based in Santa Fe New Mexico. Since its founding SITE Santa Fe has gained worldwide recognition through a series of biennial exhibitions that have featured numerous famous artists. These exhibits have attracted thousands of visitors from all around the world.
 HM Prison Elmley is a local Category B/C men's prison located close to the village of Eastchurch on the Isle of Sheppey Kent. The term 'local' means that this prison holds people on remand to the local courts. Elmley forms part of the Sheppey prisons cluster which also includes HMP Standford Hill and HMP Swaleside. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The New York Life Insurance Building is a 14 story building at 39 South LaSalle Street in the Loop neighborhood in Chicago Illinois. Designed by William Le Baron Jenney it was completed as a 12 story structure in 1894 at a cost of US$800000. In 1898 Jenney designed a 92 ft (28 m) addition to the east of the original structure. This expanded the Monroe Street facade to 233 ft (71 m). The addition contained 13 floors and an additional floor was added to the first structure.
 Sheraton Düsseldorf Airport is a 4-Star Sheraton Hotel in Düsseldorf Germany located at Düsseldorf International Airport.
 The Central United Methodist Church is located at 23 East Adams Street (the corner of Woodward Avenue and Adams) in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church built in 1871 is a historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal Church located at Church and St. Andrew's streets in Clinton Louisiana. Parts of the 1958 movie The Long Hot Summer which starred Paul Newman Lee Remick and Joanne Woodward were filed at the church. On June 21 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Louisiana.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church (now known as First United Methodist Church) is a historic church in Massillon Ohio United States located at 301 Lincoln Way East. It is of stone and sandstone construction with a copper roof in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building was dedicated in June 1895 and was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 22 1985.The current Senior Pastor of First United is the Reverend Leslie A. Peine.
 Eastern Federal Credit Union Insurance Building is a tall Building located in Dhaka Bangladesh. It is located in Motijheel the central business district of the metropolis. It rises up to a height of 101 metres (331 ft) and comprises a total of 27 floors. It houses the headquarters of Eastern Federal Credit Union Insurance . The Building is one of the earliest high-rises that the city got.
 Ruff's Chapel is a historic Methodist chapel at U.S. 21 and SC 34 in Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1870 and is a single-story rectangular frame building sheathed in weatherboard with a front gabled roof. It has a square open belfry with a metal covered bellcast hip roof and a ball finial.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 For Herod's other palaces see Herod's Palace.Herod the Great built a palace within the fortress of Herodium about 12 kilometers south of Jerusalem. Herod himself commissioned a lavish palace to be built between 23 and 15 BCE atop Herodium for all to see. The palace itself consisted of four towers of seven stories a bathhouse courtyards a Roman theatre banquet rooms a large walkway (“the course”) as well as extravagant living quarters for himself and guests.
 The Eddleman-McFarland House sometimes known as the Ball-Eddleman-McFarland House or just the McFarland House is a historic residence built in 1899 in the Quality Hill section of Fort Worth Texas.
 The Oakland Historic District is a historic district within the city of Oakland Oregon United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Thousand Island Park Historic District is a national historic district located on the south tip of Wellesley Island at Orleans in Jefferson County New York United States. The district includes 294 contributing buildings. It is an outstanding concentration of substantially intact late 19th century and early 20th century resort architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 South City is the name given to a 31.14-acre (126000 m2) condominium in Kolkata India. It is situated in Prince Anwar Shah Road close to the Jodhpur Park and Tollygunge areas of the city. Most of the recent real estate developments in Kolkata has taken place in the E.M. Bypass area New Town and Greater Kolkata.
 The Lanckorona Castle was built in the early 14th century in Lanckorona Poland. It was damaged in several fires and during conflicts especially in 1655 during the Swedish Deluge and Battle of Lanckorona in 1771. It fell into total ruin in the 20th century as the Communist government of the People's Republic of Poland encouraged looting and the decay of royal cultural heritage sites in favour of new social realism in line with the propaganda in the People's Republic of Poland.
 The Butler Block is an historic mixed use residential and commercial building located at 166 Linwood Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 brick and wood building was built c. 1845-55. Most of the building's walls are made of brick laid in common bond but the upper level of the north facade is framed in wood. The property also includes a 19th century barn.
 Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary known locally as Mass. Eye and Ear is a specialty hospital providing patient care for disorders of the eye ear nose throat head and neck. Founded in 1824 MEEI is an international leader in Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology research and a teaching partner of Harvard Medical School.Located in Boston Massachusetts Mass. Eye and Ear is a 42-bed independent specialty hospital founded in 1824.
 Bonifels is a historic home located at Ridgway Township in Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 by N.T. Arnold and is a large 2 1⁄2-story T shaped stone mansion. It features hipped roofs with hipped roofed dormers a conical tower and a crenellated stone tower. It is owned by the Elk County Country Club.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Sarah Amanda Trott McKinney House is a historic house site and 10.1-acre (4.1 ha) historic district in Sixmile Bibb County Alabama.The two-story center hall house was built for Sarah Amanda Trott McKinney by her brother W.C. Trott and her son John McKinney during the mid-1880s. Her husband H.C. McKinney was wounded during the American Civil War and an invalid prior to his death in 1879.
 Keya Paha County High School located off NE 12 in Springview Nebraska was built during 1915-16. It was extended in 1929. The building was used as a school from 1916 to 1965 and has since been used by the local historical society including serving as a museum.It was deemed historically significant as a well preserved example of a county high school in Nebraska and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It is now Keya Paha County Historical Museum.
 The Covered Market in Earl Street Preston Lancashire England is a Grade II listed landmark structure built 1870-75.
 The Central Ordnance Munitions Depot (Chinese: 壽臣山軍火庫) was constructed in the late 1930s by British for the World War II to combat the Japanese Invasion as well as to store arms and ammunition for the defence of Hong Kong.
 Jonathan Child House & Brewster–Burke House Historic District is a national historic district containing a set of two historic homes located at Rochester in Monroe County New York.The Jonathan Child House located at 37 S. Washington St. was constructed 1837-1838 by Jonathan Child (1785–1860) Rochester's first mayor and son-in-law of the city's founder Nathaniel Rochester. It features a monumental two story portico and is a fine example of the Greek Revival style.
 Pershore Abbey at Pershore in Worcestershire was an Anglo-Saxon abbey and is now an Anglican parish church.
 Bigelow Rosenwald School also known as Rosenwald Community Center is a former Rosenwald School located in Toad Suck near Bigelow Perry County Arkansas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Built in 1926 the Bigelow Rosenwald School served as a school until 1964 when it became a community center. It is the only Rosenwald School building that still stands in Perry County.
 Saint Mark Methodist Church is one of the few remaining Gothic style granite churches in Atlanta. The current building was constructed from 1902 to 1903 after the congregation of Merritts Avenue Methodist Church outgrew their old building. The architecture is notable for its use of Stone Mountain granite triple entrance portal and pot-metal stained glass windows.
 St Giles’ Church Ollerton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Ollerton.
 Bogen Chapel (Norwegian: Bogen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bogen. The church is part of the Steigen parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1926.
 Alumnae Hall was the second building to be built on The Western Female Seminary’s campus and was completed in 1892. The building was constructed from funds donated by Olivia Meily Brice (Mrs. Calvin S. Brice) class of 1866 and other alumnae trustees and friends of the college. The architecture style of the building was Romanesque Revival. The building remained in use as a library until 1970 when Hoyt Hall opened. Between 1972-1974 it was used as a student center. It was torn down in 1977.
 Kenworthy Hall also known as the Carlisle-Martin House and Carlisle Hall is located on the north side of Alabama Highway 14 two miles west of the Marion courthouse square. It was built from 1858 to 1860 and is one of the best preserved examples of Richard Upjohn's distinctive asymmetrical Italian villa style. It is the only surviving residential example of Upjohn's Italian villa style that was especially designed to suit the Southern climate and the plantation lifestyle.
 Clarke Street Meeting House (also known as Second Congregational Church Newport County or Central Baptist Church) is an historic former meeting house and Reformed Christian church building in Newport Rhode Island.
 The Latvian National Theatre (Latvian: Latvijas Nacionālais teātris) is the national theatre of Latvia in Riga. The theatre was built between 1899-1902 by the design of Latvian architect Augusts Reinbergs becoming Riga's second (Russian) theatre. It closed during the First World War; on 18 November 1918 Latvia's independence was declared in the theatre building.
 Skånland Church (Norwegian: Skånland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Evenskjer. The church is part of the Skånland parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1901. It was designed by the architect Carl J. Bergstrøm. It seats about 700 people.
 Madame Tussauds London is a museum and tourist attraction located in Central London housed in the former London Planetarium. It is known for recreating life size wax models of celebrities. The attraction houses its famous Chamber of Horrors. Set up by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud on Marylebone Road in 1884 it is the first Madame Tussauds.
 The Minneapolis YMCA Central Building is a 12-story YMCA building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is built in the Gothic Revival style making it stand out from other buildings. The Gothic styling was chosen to emphasize the vertical mass of the structure and to make it appear as a powerful corporate symbol.
 Smoky Valley Roller Mill now known as the McPherson County Old Mill Museum is an historic mill and museum on Mill Street in Lindsborg Kansas.The mill was built in 1898 to make flour from wheat. The Roller Mill was operated by several different owners until closing in 1955. It was originally water powered but converted to electricity in the 1930s. The building was given to McPherson County in 1962. From 1974 to 1981 a group led by George Tesarek restored the building for use as a museum.
 The U.S. Post Office in Dansville New York United States is located on Main Street (NY 63). It was designed and built in 1932-1933 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James A. Wetmore.
 Luckey’s Club Cigar Store is a cigar shop and bar in Eugene Oregon U.S. It is the oldest retail business in Eugene and among the oldest bars in Oregon.Club Cigar as it was called in the late 1800s did not allow female patrons. A man could go to Luckey’s to shop for a cigar shoot some pool get a shoeshine haircut and shave and order a sandwich at the cafe in the back. Over the years it evolved into a place for older men.
 The Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Passenger and Freight Complex in Fort Madison Iowa consists of a former passenger train station and a former freight station built in 1909 by the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 311 W. 7th Street in Columbia Tennessee.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1979.St. Peter's is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee.
 Williams House also known as the John Wilson Williams House is a historic home located near Ulmer Allendale County South Carolina. The house consists of a residence built about 1800 with an addition built about 1906. It is a 1 1/2-half story three-bay lateral gable-roofed log and clapboard hall and parlor farmhouse. The house's exterior walls are of log construction covered with clapboards and the main body of the house consists of two rooms measuring approximately 30 feet by 16 feet.
 Tygart Valley Homesteads Historic District is a national historic district located near Dailey Randolph County West Virginia. It encompasses 337 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites and 3 contributing structures associated with a resettlement community established during the Great Depression by the Roosevelt administration. It was the largest of the three resettlement communities in West Virginia the others being Arthurdale and Eleanor.
 Fernbank Museum of Natural History in Atlanta is a museum that presents exhibitions and programming about natural history that are meant to entertain as well as educate the public. Its mission is to encourage a greater appreciation of the planet and its people. Fernbank Museum has a number of permanent exhibitions and regularly hosts temporary exhibitions in its expansive facility designed by Graham Gund Architects.
 The Kyushu National Museum (九州国立博物館 Kyūshū Kokuritsu Hakubutsukan) opened on October 16 2005 in Dazaifu near Fukuoka -- the first new national museum in Japan in over 100 years and the first to elevate the focus on history over art. The distinct modern impression created by the architectural facade is mirrored in the Museum's use of technological innovations which are put to good in making the museum's collections accessible to the public.
 The Galleria Spada is a museum in Rome (Italy) which is housed in the palazzo of the same name located in the Piazza Capo di Ferro. The palazzo is also famous for its façade and for the forced perspective gallery by Francesco Borromini. The gallery exhibits paintings from the 16th to 17th century.
 College Hall is the oldest building on the West Philadelphia campus of the University of Pennsylvania. Prior to its construction the university was located on Ninth Street in Center City Philadelphia. The building was designed by Thomas Webb Richards and completed in 1873. The characteristic green color of the building is due to its composition of green serpentine stone.College Hall was placed on the National Register of Historic Places February 14 1978.
 The Horace Munroe House is an historic house at 123 Pleasant Street in Auburn Maine.The house was built in 1899 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980.While it has been vacant in recent years it is now under reconditioning to be re-opened as a Bed & Breakfast.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Dumuslău) was a church in Dumuslău Romania built in 1792 and demolished in 1935.
 Raghuleela is a mall situated in Kandivali a suburb in Mumbai. Developed by Raghuleela Properties Pvt.Ltd. the mall covers 400000 sq ft (37000 m2) commercial space having four floors and more than 800 shops. There is double level parking for over 500 vehicles and it provides exclusive banquet hall with corporate level service. It has a video gaming zone and a bowling alley. You can also find My Dollar Shop Klozet Kidz Cotton County Madame and Fashion Funk.
 T.C. Walker House is a historic home located at Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story U-shaped frame vernacular dwelling with traces of Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles. It has a cross-gable roof two-bay addition and front porch. It was the home of Thomas Calhoun Walker who worked tirelessly to improve African-American land ownership and educational opportunities.
 One Rockwell East Tower is an condominium in Rockwell Center Makati Philippines. The building will be part of the One Rockwell building complex. It is the smallest in the complex and it stands 165 m (541 ft) from the ground.
 Preston-Gaylord Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Sodus in Wayne County New York. The cobblestone dwelling was built in 1845-1846 and consists of a 1 1/2-story main block and 1 1/2-story rear wing. Both sections are constructed of irregularly sized and variously colored field cobbles. Also on the property is a contributing two-story cobblestone carriage house dated to 1845-1846. The structure is among the approximately 170 surviving cobblestone buildings in Wayne County.
 Oatlands Plantation is an estate located in Leesburg Virginia. Oatlands is operated by the National Trust for Historic Preservation and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a National Historic Landmark.
 Marysville Washington was first established as a small town in 1891 and incorporated in the same year by its founder James P. Comeford. The city has grown partly by annexing nearby communities to a total of 25315 people in 2000. Over 100 years of historic events annexations foundations and more created the city that is known today as Marysville.
 Jacob Kelley House is a historic home located near Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. The original one-story log portion of the house predates 1830. The home was enlarged weatherboarded and a second story added about 1830-1840. Several years later its size was almost doubled when a two-story annex was added on its west side. The walls and ceilings are of wide hand-planed boards. An original mantel is of hand-carved heart pine.
 De Rotterdam is a building on the Wilhelmina Pier in Rotterdam designed by Rem Koolhaas in 1998. The complex is located between the KPN Tower and Rotterdam Cruise Terminal and was finalized at the end of 2013. On 21 November 2013 the municipality of Rotterdam as the largest user received the keys. The design provides space for offices a hotel and apartments. The 44 floors amount to a total area of approximately 160 000 m² allegedly making it the largest building in Europe.
 The Hoyt-Barnum House at 713 Bedford St. Stamford Connecticut was built around 1699. The builder was a descendant of one of the original founders of Stamford. The large chimney stack of the Hoyt-Barnum House is made of field stone laid up with clay animal hair and straw. The house is braced timber frame construction or post and beam. The foundation is of field stone. The west room of the house is plastered.
 Sacred Heart Church is a 150 year-old church in a parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi in Pakistan.On September 18 2011 Archbishop Evarist Pinto and eight priests celebrated Mass for over a thousand people to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the Church.
 Lyman Trumbull House is a house significant for its association with former U.S. Senator from Illinois Lyman Trumbull. The house is located in the historic Middletown neighborhood in Alton Illinois. Senator Trumbull was best known for being a co-author of the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The house was built around 1849 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 St Edmund's Priory Cambridge was a priory in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1291 and was dissolved in 1539.
 Gamble Mill also known as Lamb Mill Thomas Mill Wagner Mill and Bellefonte Flouring Mill is a historic grist mill located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1894 and is a 3 1/2-story brick building on a limestone foundation. There are two one-story brick additions. It features a stepped gable with a full gabled attic. The building replaced a mill built on this site in 1786 that was destroyed by fire in 1892.
 The building at 218 Spring Street is a Bungalow/Craftsman style apartment house located in Kingman Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Washington Gallery of Modern Art was a short-lived gallery promoting contemporary art near Dupont Circle in Washington DC USA during the 1960s. Its collection of 153 works was purchased by the Oklahoma City Museum of Art in 1968 for $110000.
 The Basilica of the Divine Motherhood of Our Lady is a minor basilica in Ulhatu near Ranchi in India. The decree designating it as a basilica was issued on 30 November 2004.In the Roman Catholic Church the Virgin Mary is regarded not only as the Mother of God but also as the Mother of the Church.The origins of this church can be traced back to 1903 to a remote village called Kawali where a village primary school was opened and placed under the care of a catechist.
 The Loyola University Museum of Art (LUMA) which opened in the fall of 2005 is unique among Chicago's many museums for mounting exhibits that explore the spiritual in art from all cultures faiths and eras. LUMA is located on Loyola University Chicago's Water Tower Campus in downtown Chicago at 820 North Michigan Ave.LUMA's permanent collection comprises the Martin D'Arcy Collection of medieval Renaissance and Baroque art and objects ranging in date from 1150 to 1800.
 Point of Fork Plantation is a historic plantation home and farm located near Columbia Fluvanna County Virginia. The main house was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It measures 50 feet by 40 feet and is topped by a shallow hipped roof with balustrade. The front facade features a large two-story tetrastyle Greek Doric order portico. Also on the property are a contributing servant's house and office.
 Mausert Block is a historic block at 19—27 Park Street in Adams Massachusetts designed in the Romanesque architectural style. It is one of the four brick buildings on Park Street along with the P. J. Barrett Block Jones Block and Armory Block.The Mausert Block was built in 1900 and 1901 by George and Conrad Mausert brothers and local businessmen. Walter J Donovan established his law offices on the second floor from 1920 until 1970. F.W. Woolworth moved into 19-21 Park Street in 1930s.
 Pettibone Farm is a historic farm on Old Cheshire Road north of junction with Nobodys Road in Lanesborough Massachusetts. It was the farmstead of Jonathan Pettibone a leader of Lanesborough during the American Revolution. Pettibone purchased the property in 1768 and it remained in his family until 1865 when it was sold to Ira Jenks. The Jenks family owned it into the 20th century when after a succession of owners it was acquired by the Shulman family.
 Repvåg Church (Norwegian: Repvåg kirke) is a church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Repvåg. The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1967 by the architect Trond Dancke. It seats about 50 people.
 The Oluf Høst Museum is located on Løkkegade Street in Gudhjem on the Danish island of Bornholm. It is dedicated to Oluf Høst (1884–1966) one of the island's most famous artists and includes an exhibition of some of his paintings. It was established in 1998 by converting Høst's old house where he lived and painted from 1929 until his death in 1966 and where he created most of his paintings around the Nordic theme of light and landscape.
 The Elm Street Historic District in Worcester Massachusetts encompasses a collection of well preserved triple decker houses at 132-148 Elm Street. Normally a building style intended for occupation by the working classes of the city these stylish buildings were built 1904-06 facing Elm Park on the fashionable west side and attracted a higher class of occupant.
 Larnaca Castle (Greek: Κάστρο Λάρνακας Turkish: Larnaka Kalesi) is a castle located on the southern coast of Cyprus. It was constructed to defend the southern coasts of Cyprus and was later used as a prison artillery and an outpost.
 Central Fire Station is an historic fire station at Leonard and School Streets in Taunton Massachusetts. Central Station is the 3rd oldest fire station in the country still in use. Number 1 is Washington Fire Company 2 from MadisonIN in service since 1851. Number 2 is Bristol Fire Company from Bristol PA in service since 1857.The station was built in 1869 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Central houses Taunton's Engine 1 Snorkel Rescue and Car 2.
 Hilo Masonic Lodge Hall also known as the Bishop Trust Building is a historic structure in Hilo Hawaii. Constructed between 1908 and 1910 it was designed to house commercial space on the ground floor and a meeting hall for a local Masonic lodge on the second floor. In 1985 the Masons moved to new premises and since then the second floor has been rented to a variety of tenants.
 The National Cartoon Museum was an American museum dedicated to the collection preservation and exhibition of cartoons comic strips and animation. It was the brainchild of Mort Walker creator of Beetle Bailey.The museum opened in 1974 went through several name changes relocations and temporary closures before finally closing for good in 2002.
 The Lena Water Tower is a water tower located in the village of Lena Illinois United States. It was built in 1896 following two decades of problems with structure fires in the village. The current water tower is the result of a second attempt after the first structure proved to be unstable. The tower stands 122.5 feet (37.3 m) tall and is built of limestone and red brick.
 St Mary's Church (Finnish: Maarian kirkko Swedish: S:t Marie kyrka) is a medieval stone church located in Maaria in Turku Finland. There are no records as to when the present church was built but the work was probably started in the mid or late 15th century. According to Markus Hiekkanen the church was probably built in the 1440s. On the basis of the style of the closets the gables were constructed about 50 years later.
 The Hotel Vancouver (branded currently as the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver) is a hotel located on West Georgia Street at Burrard Street in the heart of Downtown Vancouver British Columbia.
 The Henry W. Oliver Building is a 25-storey 106 m (348 ft) skyscraper at 535 Smithfield Street across from Mellon Square in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The building was designed by Daniel Burnham and built 1908-10 consisting of a stone and terra cotta facade over a steel frame. It cost $3.5 million ($91.9 million today)
 Washington Gas Building is a high-rise building located in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. It rises to 152 feet (46 m) with approximately 15 floors. The building's construction was completed in 1941. The architects of the building were Jarrett C. White and Leon Chatelain Jr.
 Walker's Creek Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located near Newport Augusta County Virginia. It was built about 1850 as a one-room rectangular log gable roofed schoolhouse measuring 22 feet by 26 feet. It has a large stone chimney and a later shed addition and front porch. The school closed about 1935 and after 1948 converted to a dwelling.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Barclay Farm House also known as Barclay Farmstead is located in Cherry Hill Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1816 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 26 1978.The house is owned and operated by Cherry Hill Township as an early 19th-century house with living history programs. The Barclay Farm home is open for tours throughout the year and is the site of special events in the summer months such as weekly outdoor concerts.
 The Kennedy Building is a historic building located at 1517 Jackson Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.
 The Old Ship Church (also known as the Old Ship Meetinghouse) was built in 1681 in Hingham Massachusetts in the United States. It is the oldest church in continuous ecclesiastical use in the United States. It is the only remaining 17th century Puritan meetinghouse in America.
 The Evergreen Cemetery gatehouse is an American Civil War site used as the Battle of Gettysburg headquarters of the XI Corps (Union Army) by General Oliver O. Howard The building was damaged by nearby military engagements[citation needed] such as the July 2 Battle of East Cemetery Hill and the railroad depot's telegraph key was moved to near the gatehouse when the borough was evacuated.
 The Alfred A. Schiller House is a historic residence in Glen Ellyn Illinois. It was originally designed by Schweikher & Elting for Alfred Schiller a professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago. The house features very few exterior windows with the only natural light coming in from a central atrium. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Bishopstead was the residence of Episcopalian bishop Jackson Kemper. The house is located in Delafield Wisconsin and was built in 1846. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1984 for its religious significance.
 The Detroit Yacht Club (DYC) is a private marina and sailing club in Detroit Michigan located on its own island off of Belle Isle in the Detroit River between the MacArthur Bridge and the DTE generating plant. The DYC clubhouse is a restored 1920s Mediterranean-style villa that is the largest yacht club in the United States.DYC is a member of the Detroit Regional Yacht-racing Association (DRYA).
 Old Zion Methodist Church is a historic church at Park City Kentucky.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 McCabe Memorial Church also known as Iglesia Metodista Unida de la Playa de Ponce (Ponce Playa Methodist Church) is a historic church building in Barrio Playa in Ponce Puerto Rico. It dates from 1908 and was designed by Antonin Nechodoma. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2008. It is one of four places such listed in Barrio Playa the others being the U.S. Customs House the Caja de Muertos Light and the Cardona Island Light.
 Edgefield is a historic home and farm complex located at Renick Greenbrier County West Virginia. The Edgefield House is a frame two-story three-bay building with a side gable roof. It has a two-story ell with an asymmetrical gabled roof. The front facade is dominated by a full-height (two-story) open porch supported by four large square columns. Also on the property are the contributing coal shed meat house cistern granary machine shed and two barns.
 Drakensteyn (sometimes Drakesteijn or Drakestein) is a small castle at 9 Slotlaan in the hamlet of Lage Vuursche in the municipality of Baarn Netherlands. It is owned by Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands the country's former Queen who abdicated in 2013. Beatrix bought the castle in 1959 when she was the heir to the Dutch throne and took up residence in 1963. After her marriage in 1966 she continued to live there with her husband Prince Claus and later their three sons as well.
 Ormsby-Laughlin Textile Companies Mill is a historic textile mill located at Waterford in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1894 and is a 4 1⁄2-story Romanesque Revival style brick industrial building with a gable roof. It features a 6 1⁄2-story tower at the center of the front facade. The rear elevation features a 5-story elevator tower and a 100-foot-square brick smokestack attached to a 1-story wing.
 The North Main Street School is located on that street (also New York State Route 45) in Spring Valley New York United States. It is a brick Colonial Revival building erected in the early 20th century in response to a rapidly increasing school population. Several times since then it has been expanded. It remained in active use until the 1970s.It is an intact example of one of the early modern schools in the region.
 Philo Newton Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a cobblestone structure built in 1830 by Philo Newton in the Greek Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center is a hospital in the city of Thousand Oaks California USA. It is a 290 bed acute care hospital with a level II trauma center and was built in 1968.
 The Red Market (Chinese: 紅街市大樓; Portuguese: Edifício do Mercado Vermelho or Mercado Almirante Lacerda) is a three-story wet market in Macau.
 The Old Nebraska State Bank Building located at Douglas and 4th Sts. in O'Neill Nebraska was built during 1882-1883. It has also been known as the Moses Kinkaid Building. It is believed to be the first brick building in O'Neill and to have been largely designed and built by Moses P.
 Indian River Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Vero Beach Florida. Opened in 1996 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Macy's Sears and Dillard's.
 elBulli (Catalan pronunciation: [əɫ ˈβuʎi]) was a Michelin 3-star restaurant near the town of Roses Catalonia Spain run by chef Ferran Adrià. The small restaurant overlooked Cala Montjoi a bay on Catalonia's Costa Brava and was described as the most imaginative generator of haute cuisine on the planet. The restaurant was also associated with molecular gastronomy. The restaurant closed on July 30 2011. It will reopen as a creativity centre in 2014.
 Downtown Altoona Historic District is a national historic district located at Altoona Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes 240 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Altoona. The buildings were primarily built after about 1860 and include residential civic social and religious buildings.
 Moos Tower is a building on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis Minnesota. It is named after Malcolm Moos who was president of the University from 1967 to 1974. Inside Moos Tower are labs and faculty offices for the College of Dentistry and a CityKid Java with a designated study lounge.Moos Tower is an example of Brutalist architecture.
 Hyde Hall was the unusually large home—a neoclassical country mansion—of George Clarke 1768–1835 heir of George Clarke. One of the finest American houses it combines the architectural traditions of England and America. It is one of the few surviving works of the architect Philip Hooker.It is located on Otsego Lake within Glimmerglass State Park.
 1 New York Street is a high rise office building in Manchester England. Designed by Denton Corker Marshall the building is situated on Mosley Street opposite 38 and 42 Mosley Street. The building opened in 2009 and its main tennant is Bank of New York Mellon.
 The Bon Secours Hospital Dublin is a private hospital in Glasnevin Dublin Ireland. Owned by the Roman Catholic Bon Secours Sisters it offers healthcare to privately insured patients. It forms part of the Bon Secours Health System the largest private healthcare network in Ireland which includes hospitals in Cork Galway and Tralee. The hospital employs over 140 consultants and sees more than 130000 patients per year.
 Big Bend Historical Area is a national historic district located at Jefferson Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. The district includes 4 contributing sites and 2 contributing structures in three areas on the Shenango River. It is the site of the early 19th century Village of Big Bend abandoned prior to 1940. It includes the site of the Big Bend Iron Furnace (1846) and the remains of the Shenango Division of the Erie Extension Canal towpath loading bay and road.
 Salón de la Plástica Mexicana (Hall of Mexican Fine Art) is an institution dedicated to the promotion of Mexican contemporary art. It was established in 1949 to expand the Mexican art market. Its first location was in historic center of the city but today it mostly operates out of a building in Colonia Roma. The institution is run by a membership of almost four hundred recognized artists and holds multiple exhibitions each year.
 Andalusia is an apartment building located in Hollywood Los Angeles California built in 1926 in Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.Architects Arthur and Nina Zwebell designed the structure which is said to be turned inward to a richly landscaped interior courtyard. The building is located in a historic neighborhood across Sunset Boulevard from the Chateau Marmont.
 San Giovanni Grisostomo (English: Saint John Chrysostom) is a small church in the sestiere or neighborhood of Cannaregio Venice.The church was founded in 1080 destroyed by fire in 1475 then rebuilt starting in 1497 by Mauro Codussi and his son Domenico. Construction was completed in 1525. The campanile dates from the late 16th century. The interior is based on a Greek cross design.
 The Central Falls Mill Historic District is located between Roosevelt Avenue and the Blackstone River in Central Falls Rhode Island. It consists of several historic textile mills. The historic district was designated on July 2 1976.
 Anara Tower was a proposed supertall skyscraper located in Dubaiwhen. It would have been 600 m (1968 ft) tall with 135 floors. It was designed to look like a massive wind turbine. It was supposed to be a mixed use tower with offices retail spaces apartments and an art gallery. Anara Tower would have incorporated sky gardens every 27 floors and would have contained a luxury restaurant.
 Twentsche Hoeve is a former restaurant located in Enter Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1974-1988.Head chef was Barth Brandt. He and his wife Els ran the restaurant for 25 years but wre forced to sell when Brandt was no longer able to manage the restaurant and his multiple sclerosis at the same time.Restaurant Twentsche Hoeve burned down two times. The first time was in 1969 the second time 1980.
 Ammende Villa is a mansion house and a cultural heritage monument located in Pärnu Estonia. It is one of the most impressive early examples of Art Nouveau architecture in the country. It now serves as a luxury hotel in the health resort area of Pärnu.
 The Albert H. Sears House also known as Robin's Nest is a Queen Anne style house in the U.S. city of Plano Illinois. The house was constructed in 1881 for prominent Plano businessman Albert H. Sears. The home sits on nearly two acres of forested land and is considered a good example of Queen Anne style and the elegance surrounding that era. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on January 29 1987.
 The Arad Alexander House is a historic house at 53 Waverly Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1845 and is one of Worcester's most elaborate Greek Revival houses. Its main block follows a side hall plan and the front facade is a full temple front with Corinthian columns supporting a full entablature and triangular pediment.
 Loew’s Theatre is only one of five remaining atmospheric theaters in the county and is an excellent example of the great movie palaces of the 1920s. It is the last remaining theater of 11 opened by Marcus Loew founder of the Loew's theater chain. The Civic is located on South Main Street in Akron Ohio and seats approximately 4000 people.The theater was designed in 1929 by John Eberson one of the two foremost movie theater designers of the period the other being Thomas Lamb.
 Samuel R. Demarest House is located in Demarest Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1817 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1984.
 Perseverance Hall No. 4 is a historic building within the New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park in New Orleans Louisiana United States. Originally a Masonic lodge it was built between 1819 and 1820 making it the oldest Masonic temple in Louisiana.Its historic significance is based on its use for dances where black jazz performers and bands reportedly played for black or white audiences.
 Bridgwater Castle was a castle in the town of Bridgwater Somerset England.
 Chester Heights Camp Meeting Historic District is a historic Methodist camp meeting and national historic district located at Chester Heights Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes 101 contributing buildings. The buildings are in a vernacular camp meeting style of architecture with notable examples of the Gothic Revival and Queen Anne styles. Public buildings include the contributing Tabernacle (1878) Dining Hall (1900) Youth Tabernacle (1909 and dormitory.
 The Exchange Building is a residential building in London named after the original purpose of the building which was a Telephone Exchange for British Telecom. It is located on the A1202 Inner London Arterial Ring Road at 132 Commercial Street in Tower Hamlets.The Exchange Building stands opposite the Peabody building and is 20 metres (66 ft) tall with 8 storeys.
 William Taylor House in Resaca Georgia was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Truck House No. 13 also known as the Trinidad Firehouse is a historic firehouse located at 1342 Florida Ave. NE Washington D.C.. It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Central Jail Dera Ghazi Khan is a very historic jail of pakistan.Imran Khan spend few month in this jail during general Musharraf period. Government of Punjab Pakistan Punjab Prisons (Pakistan) Prison Officer Headquarter Jail National Academy for Prisons Administration↑ ↑
 Rieser Mill is a historic grist mill and miller's house located in Bern Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1825 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular stone banked building with a gable roof. The building replaced an earlier mill on the same site. The miller's house is a T-shaped stone and brick dwelling. It was built in 1784 and enlarged in the late 1800s.
 The Theodore Parker Lukens House is a historic house located at 267 North El Molino Avenue in Pasadena California. Built in 1886-87 the house is among the oldest standing in Pasadena. Architect Harry Ridgway designed the Victorian house; while its design is mainly influenced by the Stick and Eastlake subtypes it also includes elements of the Queen Anne style. The house features multiple deep gables and gabled dormers with decorative stickwork hanging from the edges.
 Rika's Landing Roadhouse also known as Rika's Landing Site or the McCarty Roadhouse is a roadhouse located at a historically important crossing of the Tanana River off mile 274.5 of the Richardson Highway in Big Delta in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area Alaska United States.The roadhouse is named after Rika Wallen who obtained it from John Hajdukovich and operated it for many years. It became a hub of activity in that region of the interior.
 1900 K Street is a high-rise skyscraper located in Washington D.C. United States. The building broke ground in 1995 with its construction being completed in 1996. The building rises to 52 metres (171 ft) containing 13 floors and a total floor area of 102851 m². The architect of the building was Cesar Pelli & Associates Architects who designed the postmodern architectural style of the building which is built with glass and steel material. The building serves for office use.
 Wellingsbüttel Manor (German: Rittergut Wellingsbüttel since Danish times: Kanzleigut Wellingsbüttel) is a former manor with a baroque manor house (German: Herrenhaus) in Hamburg Germany which once enjoyed imperial immediacy (Reichsfreiheit). Wellingsbüttel was documented for the first time on 10 October 1296. Since 1937 it has formed part of the suburbs of Hamburg as the heart of the quarter of the same name Wellingsbüttel in the borough of Wandsbek.
 Minnesota Correctional Facility – St. Cloud is a state prison located in St. Cloud Minnesota United States. Originally built in 1889 it is a level four close-security institution with an inmate population of about 1000 men.MCF-St. Cloud serves as the intake facility for men committed to prison in Minnesota.
 The Blair House of Washington Iowa also known as City Hall was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Llenroc is the house constructed for Ezra Cornell just below the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca New York United States. It now houses the Cornell chapter of the Delta Phi fraternity.
 The Museum of Fine Arts of Lyon ((French) Musée des beaux-arts de Lyon) is a municipal museum of fine arts in the French city of Lyon. It is housed near place des Terreaux in a former Benedictine convent of the 17th and 18th centuries. It was restored between 1988 and 1998 and despite these important restoration works it remained open to visitors. Its collections range from ancient Egypt antiquities to the Modern art period and make the museum one of the most important in Europe.
 Campbell-Rumsey House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It was built about 1855 and is a two story Italianate style brick residence. It was home to two prominent Bath residents Robert Campbell (1808–1870) and David Rumsey (1810–1883).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. Mary's Church Brading is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brading Isle of Wight.
 The Restaurant at Meadowood is a Michelin Guide 3-star restaurant in Napa Valley USA which specialises in local sustainable California cuisine. The Restaurant applies a slightly more modern approach with the use of emulsifiers gelling agents and stabilizers.
 Hachinohe Castle (八戸城 Hachinohe-jō) was a Japanese castle that formed the administrative center of Hachinohe Domain a feudal domain of the Nambu clan located in the center of what is now the city of Hachinohe in Aomori Prefecture Japan. Nothing remains of the castle today.
 Weedpatch Camp (also known as the Arvin Federal Government Camp and the Sunset Labor Camp) was built by the Farm Security Administration (FSA) south of Bakersfield California in 1936 to house migrant workers during the Great Depression. Several historic buildings at the camp were placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 22 1996.Weedpatch Camp has its origins in the migrations during the drought that caused the Dust Bowl in the mid-1930s.
 The Farnam Building is located at 1613 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. It is a seven-story 110-foot-tall (34 m) historic building that was constructed in 1929. It is adjacent to the First National Bank Building to the east and Farnam Plaza an eight-story building that houses the Opera Omaha offices to the west.The building had been important fixture in Omaha's downtown business community since the 1930s.
 The James Dwight Dana House also known as the Dana House is a historic 19th century Italianate house in New Haven Connecticut in the United States. This building designed by New Haven architect Henry Austin on Hillhouse Avenue was the home of Yale University geology professor James Dwight Dana. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.The building has housed the Department of Statistics at Yale for over 30 years.
 Valley Creek Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Valley Grande Alabama United States. The two-story red brick church building was built in the Greek Revival-style from 1857–1859. The sanctuary and a mezzanine level formerly a slave gallery are located on the upper floor. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 28 1976 due to its architectural significance.
 The St. James Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The congregation was founded in 1889 by missionaries as Portland's first English-speaking Lutheran church. The first pastor was Rev. M. L. Zweizig. The cornerstone for the present building was laid in May 1907. Many of the original fixtures are still in use in the building including the marble baptismal font and oak pews.
 Burg Plankenstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Grey Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in King William's Town Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services X-Ray Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a church at 185 E. Oak Street in Globe Arizona United States. It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St. Mary's Church East Leake is a parish church in the Church of England in East Leake Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Television City Tower was a proposed building for New York City New York United States which was part of a larger development project.In 1985 Donald Trump proposed building Television City with headquarters for NBC along with television studios. The plan involved 16500000 square feet (1530000 m2) of residential retail office and studio construction.
 Riggs National Bank is an historic former headquarters of Riggs Bank located at 1503–1505 Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the downtown Washington D.C. neighborhood.It was designed by architects York and Sawyer in 1899 completed in 1902 and is an example of Classical Revival architecture.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Church in McArthur Ohio United States. The parish worships in a historic church located at the intersection of Sugar and High Streets; built in the nineteenth century it has been designated a historic site.
 Mayo Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic church located at 325 Third Street Paintsville Kentucky United States. On January 26 1989 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 State Correctional Institution – Huntingdon is a Close-Security correctional facility located near Huntingdon in the Allegheny Mountains. SCI Huntingdon was until the reopening of SCI-Pittsburgh the oldest-operating state correctional facility in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
 The River Valley Friends Meetinghouse is a historic church located at 3552 North Adrian Highway (M-52) in Adrian Charter Township about two miles (3.2 km) north of the city of Adrian in central Lenawee County Michigan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1982 and later designated as a Michigan Historic Site on January 23 1992.The simple wooden church is typical of those built in the early nineteenth-century. The structure maintains its original appearance.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Cerredo) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Auberge d'Auvergne et Provence (Maltese: Berġa ta' Alvernja u Provenza) is one of the auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langues of Auvergne and Provence until the building of a separate Auberge d'Auvergne and Auberge de Provence in Valletta in the 1570s and 1580s. It was originally two separate Auberges (with Auvergne on the right and Provence on the left) but these later joined and shared the same facade.
 The Ziock Building is a historic skyscraper in Rockford Illinois. Throughout its history it has also been known as the Amerock Building and the Tower Building. Originally the home to several manufacturing enterprises owned by William H. Ziock Jr. the tower became the headquarters of Amerock in the 1940s.
 High Point Town Center is a lifestyle center located in Prattville Alabama across from the Prattville Towne Center. The 900000 square-foot mall opened in 2008 but remained largely vacant leading to its sale at a bankruptcy auction in July 2011.
 The Nakhoda Masjid is the principal mosque of Kolkata India in the Chitpur area of the Burrabazar business district in Central Kolkata at the intersection of Zakariya Street and Rabindra Sarani.
 The First Baptist Church is a historic church located at 81 St. Paul Street in Burlington Vermont. It was built in 1864 and was designed by John Stevens and Thomas Cook in the Italiante style.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Hofkirche (Court Church) is a Gothic church located in the Altstadt (Old Town) section of Innsbruck Austria. The church was built in 1553 by Emperor Ferdinand I (1503–1564) as a memorial to his grandfather Emperor Maximilian I (1459–1519) whose cenotaph within boasts a remarkable collection of German Renaissance sculpture.
 The Harry S. Truman Little White House in Key West Florida was the winter White House for President Harry S Truman for 175 days during 11 visits. The house is located in the Truman Annex neighborhood of Old Town Key West.The house was originally waterfront when it was built in 1890 as the first officer's quarters on the submarine base naval station. The wooden duplex contained Quarters A for the base commandant and Quarters B for the paymaster.
 Greenwood Farm is a historic home and farm located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The property includes the stone farmhouse stone bank barn (c. 1793) stone carriage house tenant house stone smokehouse and tennis court and swimming pool. The house pre-dates 1798 and was originally a three bay double pile stone structure. A two bay wing was added in the 19th century.
 Governor's House is a historic house on Governors Island in New York City. Its construction date is as early as 1702 according to some sources but other sources place it in the early to mid 19th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 A carvery is a restaurant where cooked meat is freshly sliced to order for customers sometimes offering unlimited servings for a fixed price. The term is most commonly used in the United Kingdom Ireland and Australia but it is also found in the United States.
 The Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center opened in Moscow in November 2012 and is thought to be the largest Jewish museum in the world. Construction of the museum is estimated to have cost $50 million.
 The Patterson Hotel was a prominent and luxurious hotel located in Bismarck North Dakota United States that was home to the Nonpartisan League and well known for its continued construction that lasted over twenty years. The hotel was a major hotspot for politicians throughout the 1960s. First named the McKenzie Hotel the structure was constructed by Alexander McKenzie and first opened its doors on New Year's Day 1911.
 Westfield Horton Plaza not to be confused with its adjacent namesake Horton Plaza is a five-level outdoor shopping mall located in downtown San Diego and remarkable for its bright colors architectural tricks and odd spatial rhythms. It stands on 6.5 city blocks adjacent to the city's historic Gaslamp Quarter and is currently anchored by Macy's and Nordstrom. It was the first successful downtown retail center since the rise of suburban shopping centers decades earlier.
 Two PNC Plaza (once known as Equibank Plaza) is a high-rise office building located in the Golden Triangle of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Constructed in 1976 it is 446 feet (136 m) in height and has 34 stories making it the tallest of three buildings in PNC Plaza.
 The Streets of Woodfield is a shopping center located at I-290 and Higgins Rd. in Schaumburg Illinois directly across from Woodfield Mall. McCaffery Interests a Chicago-based real estate developer rebuilt the mall into the present-day configuration as a shopping and entertainment mall anchored by Carson's GameWorks Dick's Sporting Goods and the 20-screen AMC Loews Streets of Woodfield 20. The lifestyle center is known throughout the area as a prominent shopping destination.
 Manresa House is a retreat house run by the Society of Jesus next to Saint Anne's Park in the Dollymount area of Clontarf in Dublin. In the 19th century it was home to Robert Warren and Arthur Guinness and is a protected structure in Dublin.
 Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church is a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles located on Sunset Boulevard in the heart of Hollywood California. The church today serves an urban multiethnic community and is known for among other things its gay and lesbian ministry and its many outreach programs including programs to assist the poor.
 The Oliver Hutchins House is an historic house at 79 Elm Street in Chelmsford Massachusetts. The 2 1⁄2 story house was built in the 1820s probably by Oliver Hutchins and his brother. The house's foundations and other stone elements indicate that the Hutchinses were probably associated with the local granite quarries in some way.
 The Pappenheimer Mansion later the Ponce de Leon Infirmary then Midtown Hospital was located at 144 Ponce de Leon Avenue NE in Midtown Atlanta on the north side between Piedmont and Juniper streets. Furniture magnate Oscar Pappenheimer (1961-1917) built his first house on the site around 1900 which burned down in 1914.
 St. Stanislaus Institute also known as St. Stanislaus Orphanage and Holy Child Church is a historic Roman Catholic orphanage complex located at 141 Old Newport Street in Newport Township Luzerne County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of three interconnected and three independent buildings built between 1918 and 1939 built originally for use as an orphanage for Polish children.
 Charleston Baptist Temple is a historic Baptist church located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a two-story brick church with Georgian and Federal style details. It was designed by architect Ernest Flagg and constructed in 1924. It is composed of a central sanctuary block with matching wings and a rear addition constructed in 1955. The facade features a central tower which contains the steeple.
 The Museu Paulista of the University of São Paulo (commonly known in São Paulo and all Brazil as Museu do Ipiranga) is a Brazilian history museum located near where Emperor D. Pedro I proclaimed the Brazilian independence on the banks of Ipiranga brook in the Southeast region of the city of São Paulo then the Caminho do Mar or road to the seashore. It contains a huge collection of furniture documents and historically relevant artwork especially relating to the Brazilian Empire era.
 The Finch Building is located on Wyoming Avenue just north of US 11 and PA 307 in downtown Scranton Pennsylvania United States. It is a stone building designed by William Scott-Collins in the Renaissance revival style and completed in 1899.It takes its name from the Finch Manufacturing Company a maker of finished steel products such as manhole covers that had been based in the city for much of the later 19th century.
 The Scribner House is located on Roe Avenue in Cornwall New York United States. It was built in 1910 as the main house for the summer estate of New York City publishing executive Charles Scribner II one of Charles Scribner's Sons.It combines Colonial Revival interiors with a Shingle style exterior including some hints of the Arts and Crafts Movement. After the Scribners sold the estate most of the land was sold and this is all that remains.
 M Street High School also known as Perry School is an historic structure located in the Northwest Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1978 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Valuas is a restaurant in Venlo Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2006-present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef and half-owner of Valuas is Eric Swaghoven. His brother Marcel Swaghoven owns the other half and acts as Maître d' and sommelierThe brothers Swaghoven were raised in a hospitality family. Their father was once running Hotel Wilhelmina and later operated the bistro Valuas.
 Opened in 1985 the Arthur M. Sackler Museum joins the Fogg Museum and the Busch-Reisinger Museum as part of the Harvard Art Museums. The museum building which was designed by British architect James Stirling also houses offices for the History of Art and Architecture faculty as well as the Digital Images and Slides Collection of the Fine Arts Library.
 George K. Crozer Mansion also known as Netherleigh was a historic mansion located at Upland Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was an Italianate style mansion built in 1869. The mansion was destroyed by fire in June 1990 and subsequently demolished.George K. Crozer was the son of John Price Crozer who founded a milling business on nearby Chester Creek and founded the modern borough of Upland.The mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Television Centre Southampton was home to the three ITV contractors for the South and South East region: Southern TVS and Meridian. It was also known as The Southern Television Centre The Southampton Television Centre unofficially as The Northam Studios and locally as The Dream Factory.The studio centre was constructed in 1967 vacated in 2004 and demolished in 2008. The site currently lies empty after development ceased.
 The Gate House is an historic single-family home located at 214 South Beach Road in Jupiter Island Florida. On November 21 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. For several years it was owned by Edsel Ford.
 The Daniel Thompson and John Ryle Houses are located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The houses were built in 1830 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 30 1981.
 The Cathedral of the Transfiguration was a Slovak Byzantine Rite Roman Catholic cathedral located on a lot that used to be part of the Victoria Square community in Markham Ontario Canada. However upon urbanization and development the former cathedral is now unofficially designated as part of Cathedraltown in Markham Ontario Canada as it stands right in the centre of Cathedraltown and serves as the landmark of the Cathedraltown community.
 The Dyke-Wheeler House is a historic colonial house at 144 Wheeler Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story plank-framed First Period house was built in about 1720 and has a typical center chimney plan. It was at one time believed to have been built earlier in the 1660s by a man named Richard Dyke. The house was later owned by the Wheeler family for whom Wheeler's Point where the house is located is named.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Amar Mahal Palace is a palace in Jammu in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir India which has now been converted into a Museum. It was built in the nineteenth century for Raja Amar Singh a Dogra king by a French architect on the lines of a French Chateau. The palace was donated to the Hari-Tara charitable trust by Dr. Karan Singh for use as a museum.
 St Mary's Church Allithwaite is in the village of Allithwaite Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary and St Michael Cartmel St Peter Field Broughton St John the Baptist Flookburgh St Paul Grange-over-Sands Grange Fell Church Grange-Over-Sands and St Paul Lindale to form the benefice of Cartmel Peninsula.
 The Pinal County Courthouse built in 1891 is an historic three-story redbrick courthouse located at Pinal and 12th streets in Florence Pinal County Arizona United States. Designed by prominent Arizona architect James M. Creighton in the Late Victorian Revival style of architecture it is Pinal County's second courthouse. It is topped by an ornate clock tower but due to a lack of funds the clockworks was never installed. Instead a clock was painted on it with the hands set at 11:44.
 Worth's Chapel (Creston United Methodist Church) is a historic chapel at 175 Three Top Road in Creston North Carolina.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 St George Hospital is a multispeciality hospital near the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) in the Fort district of Mumbai. It was also known as the European General Hospital as it initially catered for European patients only.It is currently part of the Sir JJ Group of Hospitals Mumbai.
 North Point Community Church is a non-denominational evangelical Christian megachurch located in Alpharetta Georgia a suburb of Atlanta. North Point currently averages more than 24000 people in attendance between its 5 campuses each week making it the largest church in Metro Atlanta and the second largest church in the United States. Andy Stanley is the senior pastor and Joel Thomas is the Lead/Campus Pastor.
 St. Joseph's Church is a historic church located at 1355 North Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1880 in the gothic revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable church architect Patrick C. Keely. The church's pipe organ was built in 1883 by W.K. Adams & Sons in Providence RI. It is one of the largest built by them. It was once run by water and then by bellows.
 The Berryhill-Morris House is a historic farmhouse near the city of Bellbrook in Greene County Ohio United States. Built in the 1830s for an elderly veteran it has changed little since its early years and it has been named a historic site.Berryhills were among the pioneers of Sugarcreek Township starting when Alexander and Rachel Berryhill moved from Virginia.
 The James Dixon House also known as Military View Farm is a historic farmhouse located near Milford Riley County Kansas. The house was the home of James Thomas Dixon a farmer stock raiser and local postmaster. Dixon began building the house in the 1870s and moved into the structure in late 1880 with his family. The two-story house was built at a cost of $10000 out of rusticated limestone block and is designed in an Italianate style.
 The Lukang Folk Arts Museum (Chinese: 鹿港民俗文物館; pinyin: Lùgǎng Mínsú Wénwùguǎn) is a museum in Lukang Changhua County Taiwan.The Lukang Folk Arts Museum was established in 1973 with all the buildings land furniture utensils and collector's items having been donated by the Koo family and other private benefactors.[citation needed] The museum holds more than 6000 articles.The items exhibited in the museum mostly dated from the mid-Ching dynasty to the early years of the Republic.
 St Andrew’s Church is the only congregation of the Church of Scotland in Portugal. It seeks to provide English-speaking Reformed Christian worship and pastoral care to a multinational community.An English-speaking congregation was established in Lisbon by the Free Church of Scotland in 1866; the present church building in Rua Arriaga in the historic Lapa district of Lisbon was constructed in 1899.
 Timothy Wallace House is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed about 1840 and is a typical example of a regional farmhouse. It is an intact representative example of vernacular Greek Revival style architecture in Western New York. The original structure featured a two story main block with flanking wings that was added to and modified throughout the 19th and 20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Cleveland Museum of Art (CMA) is an art museum situated in the Wade Park District in the University Circle neighborhood on Cleveland's east side. Internationally renowned for its substantial holdings of Asian and Egyptian art the museum houses a diverse permanent collection of more than 43000 works of art from around the world.
 The Chi Omega Greek Theatre is a structure on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. It was a gift to the university from Chi Omega completed in 1930. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Flying Leatherneck Aviation Museum is located at Building T 4203 Anderson Avenue Marine Corps Air Station Miramar San Diego California. The museum contains exhibits and artifacts relating to the history and legacy of United States Marine Corps Aviation. The outdoor exhibits include approximately 30 vintage aircraft multiple military vehicles and equipment as well as a vast range of historical items inside the museum building.
 Belvoir Park Hospital was a cancer treatment specialist hospital situated in Newtownbreda South Belfast Northern Ireland. Belvoir Park held Northern Ireland's only radiotherapy unit until the opening of a new cancer treatment centre in Belfast City Hospital.
 All Saints Church Ballidon is a redundant Anglican church located to the south of the village of Ballidon Derbyshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Eno Memorial Hall is a building built in 1932 in Simsbury Connecticut. It served historically as a courthouse as a city hall as an auditorium and as government offices. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It was designed by Roy D. Bassette to include formal and informal areas.
 The Bullard-Hart House is in Georgia and was built in 1887 by Dr. William L. Bullard Columbus physician and pioneer ear eye nose and throat specialist. The house is a splendid example of Second Empire Victorian architecture. It was designed by L. E. Thornton of New York. The Bullard family lived here for 90 years. Their guests included President Franklin D.
 The City Hall and City Duma (Russian: Здание Правительства Москвы) would have been the new home for the Moscow government and assembly (duma). It would have consisted of four 308.4 meter (1011.8 feet) 70 story towers. Currently the government of the city are using hundreds of smaller buildings throughout the city.
 Fort Sewall is a historic coastal fortification in Marblehead Massachusetts. It is located at Gale's Head the northeastern point of the main Marblehead peninsula on a promontory that overlooks the entrance to Marblehead Harbor. Established in 1644 it is one of the oldest English coastal fortifications in the United States.
 Ampleforth Abbey is a monastery of Benedictine Monks a mile to the east of Ampleforth North Yorkshire England part of the English Benedictine Congregation. It claims descent from the pre-Reformation community at Westminster Abbey through the last surviving monk from Westminster Sigebert Buckley (c. 1520 - c. 1610).The current Abbot is Fr. Cuthbert Madden and the Prior is Fr Terence Richardson.
 Marshall Hall otherwise known as Marshall Laboratory was the first microbiology laboratory at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Constructed in 1916 it housed the college's microbiology department for a number of years and was used extensively for bacteriology classes and research. The building was named for Dr.
 Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal sometimes known as Communipaw Terminal was the Central Railroad of New Jersey's waterfront passenger terminal at the mouth of the Hudson River at the Upper New York Bay in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. It also served as the eastern terminus for trains on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Reading Railroad.
 Plas Uchaf (English: Upper Hall) is a 15th-century cruck-and-aisle-truss hall house 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south-west of Corwen Denbighshire Wales and 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Cynwyd. Its excellent workmanship indicates a house originally of considerable importance; it has been described as of palatial significance.
 The S. D. Newton House is a historic house at 8 Sycamore Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1849 and is an excellent local instance of Greek Revival styling. The front facade has a full width porch framed by pilasters and supported by Doric columns. It is topped by a fully pedimented gable end. The house's first known occupant was S. D. Newton a painter.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Schmidt Artist Lofts located in the West 7th Neighborhood of Saint Paul Minnesota United States was originally built to brew beer for Schmidt Brewery. The Schmidt Brewery was vacant for 11 years until a massive community and developer effort resulted in a plan for a revitalization of the breweries historic building into the creation of the Schmidt Artist Lofts in 2013.
 Deuel Vocational Institution (DVI) is a state prison located in unincorporated San Joaquin County California near Tracy.
 Babilonas is a shopping and entertainment mall in Panevėžys Lithuania (Klaipėdos street 143a). It is a part of a wider Babilonas real estate development.
 Jacob's Well in Cliftonwood Bristol England is an early mediaeval structure thought to be a Jewish ritual bath.The stone structure is built round a natural hot spring and on a lintel there is an inscription thought to be the Hebrew word zochalim flowing. This led to the theory that this was a mikveh or Jewish ritual bath.
 St Ita's Hospital Portrane formerly Portrane Asylum is a long stay facility for those with intellectual disabilities and those with long term mental illnesses. It is currently being scaled back in operations with planned mixed use development.
 The Sony Tower formerly the AT&T Building is a 647 feet (197 m) tall 37-story highrise skyscraper located at 550 Madison Avenue between 55th Street and 56th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is the headquarters of Sony Corporation of America. The building was designed by architect Philip Johnson and partner John Burgee completed in 1984 and close - in concept - to the 1982 Humana Building by Michael Graves.
 The Henry K. List House also known as the Wheeling-Moundsville Chapter of the American Red Cross is a historic home located at 827 Main Street in Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1858 and consists of a two-story square main block with an offset two-story rear wing. The brick mansion features a low-pitched hipped roof with a balustraded square cupola. It has Renaissance Revival and Italianate design details.
 The Hajji Abdul Rahman Mosque (Dari: مسجد حاجی عبدالرحمان; Pashto: د عبدالرحمان جومات‎) also known as the Grand Mosque of Kabul is one of the largest mosques in Afghanistan. It is located in one of Kabul's commercial areas called Deh Afghanan near the Pashtunistan Square and across from the once popular Plaza Hotel. The building is a three story which is built on 3.5 acres of land.
 St. George's Church Barrow-in-Furness is located in St George's Square Barrow-in-Furness Cumbria England. It is the oldest active Anglican parish church in the town. The church is in the deanery of Barrow the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Aidan Newbarns St Luke Risedale and St Perran Roose to form the South Barrow Team Ministry. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Lismore Base Hospital is the major referral public hospital for the far north coast of New South Wales Australia and is located in the city of Lismore.The Lismore Cancer Care and Haematology unit is a service within this hospital.
 Harper University Hospital is one of eight hospitals and institutes that compose the Detroit Medical Center. Harper offers services in a broad range of clinical areas including cardiology neurology neurosurgery organ transplant plastic surgery general surgery bariatric (weight loss surgery) endocrinology and sleep disorders.
 The Osaka Maritime Museum (なにわの海の時空館 Naniwa no Umi no Jikūkan) was a maritime museum in Osaka Japan. It was opened by the Mayor of Osaka City on 14 July 2000 having started on site in March 1998. Designed by architect Paul Andreu with engineering design by Arup and Tohata. the museum was built on reclaimed land in the Bay of Osaka at a cost of 12.8bn yen with a replica Edo period trading ship the Naniwa Maru as its centrepiece.
 Holley Graded School is a historic school building for African American students located at Lottsburg Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in stages between about 1914 and 1933 and is a one-story cross-shaped plan building. It features four identical-sized classrooms a central passage two cloakrooms and a kitchen.
 The African Meeting House also known variously as First African Baptist Church First Independent Baptist Church and the Belknap Street Church was built in 1806 and is now the oldest black church edifice still standing in the United States. It is located in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts adjacent to the African American Abiel Smith School. It is a National Historic Landmark.
 Notre-Dame de la Garde (literally Our Lady of the Guard) is a Catholic basilica in Marseille France. This Neo-Byzantine church was built by the architect Henri-Jacques Espérandieu on the foundations of an ancient fort located at the highest natural point in Marseille a 149 m (490 ft) limestone outcrop on the south side of the Old Port.
 Breezemont also known as the Gen. C. C. Watts House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built about 1905 for Cornelius Clarkson Watts (1848–1930) an individual who contributed quite significantly to the history of both Kanawa County and the state of West Virginia. It is located atop Watts Hill overlooking much of Charleston and is an example of vernacular Neo-Classical architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Payne Avenue State Bank was designed in the Beaux-Arts style by W. L. Alban in 1923. Located in a predominantly new immigrant area of Saint Paul Minnesota United States the bank initially served Irish Swedish German and Italian immigrants in Saint Paul's East Side neighborhood. The formidable brick building conveyed a sense of permanence to the area residents.
 The Grace City Bridge near Grace City North Dakota also known as the James River Bridge is a Pratt through truss structure that was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Astor Historic District is located in Green Bay Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Deveaux School Historic District is a national historic district located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York.
 The Borland-Clifford House also known as the Clifford House is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located at 339 Ralston Street in Reno Washoe County Nevada Built in 1885 by James Borland it remained in his ownership until 1902. It 1907 it was bought by O. J. Clifford and it remained in his family until 1984 and is still in private ownership. On March 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Clifford House.
 Grove Plantation is a plantation house on Edisto Island South Carolina.The area now known as the Grove Plantation was a land grant to Robert Fenwick in 1694. From 1695 until 1825 the property changed hands nine times. In 1825 George Washington Morris purchased the land and named it Grove Plantation.George Washington Morris was born in 1796 and married Maria Evans Whaley from Edisto.
 The Château de Sanzay is a castle located near the village of Sanzay in the commune of Argenton-les-Vallées in the Deux-Sèvres département of France.
 Inverness is a historic plantation home and national historic district located near Burkeville Nottoway County Virginia. In its present form the house is a five-bay two story gable-roofed L-shaped frame-and-weatherboard I-house set above a high basement with exterior end chimneys. The original section of the house was built about 1800 and raised to two stories in the early-19th century. A large two-story two-room wing was added about 1845 forming the L-shape.
 Hurley Mountain Inn is a restaurant/sports bar in historic Hurley New York. It was the setting for an upstate bar scene in the movie Tootsie. At one time the Hurley Mountain Inn was famous for its rough and tumble biker bar scene but then a NY State Trooper barracks was sited directly across the street and the bar settled into a tame flag-festooned family place though crazy thong-barings continued during its famous New Years celebrations. They claim to have the largest St.
 The house at 536 Park Street is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Rock Castle School is a historic school building on Prospect Street in Webster Massachusetts. The two story masonry building was built in 1871 and was Webster's second high school building. It served that purpose until 1905 after which it intermittently served a variety of public and private educational purposes until 1972. The building has Italianate styling with high and narrow round-arch windows and a projecting central pavilion that has a gable end with an oculus window.
 Kilbirnie Auld Kirk is a Church of Scotland congregation on Dalry Road (at Kirkland Road) Kilbirnie North Ayrshire Scotland. Although the building dates back to the 15th century the present congregation was formed in 1978 by the amalgamation of Glengarnock Parish Church and the The Barony Church.
 The Carnegie Library in Corbin Kentucky is a building from 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Church of Our Lady Queen of Martyrs is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 91 Arden Street south of Broadway Inwood Manhattan. It was established in 1927 and built in 1928 to designs by Gustave E. Steinback of 157 West 74th Street for $160000. A $400000 four-story brick school was built in 1949 also to designs by Gustave E. Steinback now of Hunting Ridge Stamford Connecticut.
 The Avord Tower is a 16 story office tower in Regina Saskatchewan Canada. The 16 story building was completed in 1967 and is an example of Modernist architecture. The Avord Tower stands on the site of the old North-West Territories Supreme Court building. From 1967 until 1976 this was the tallest building in Regina.The site was long previously that of the Supreme Court of the North-West Territories.
 The Cunerakerk is the main church of Rhenen Netherlands. During the Middle Ages it was an important pilgrimage site. The church has stored the relics of the Saint Cunera since the 8th century. The tower has a height of 81.8 metres (268 ft).
 Thomas Hill Standpipe which holds 1750000 US gallons (6600000 L) of water is a riveted wrought iron tank with a wood frame jacket located on Thomas Hill in Bangor Maine United States. The metal tank is 50 feet (15 m) high and 75 feet (23 m) in diameter.
 Bay Point Farm also known as Bay Point Dairy Farm Obici House Sleepy Hole Golf Course is a historic home and dairy farm located at Suffolk Virginia. The main house is an irregularly planned Italian Renaissance style house overlooking the Nansemond River. It is a two-story single-family dwelling with the original section dated to about 1870. The two end blocks were added in 1925 and have hipped roofs.
 The JW Marriott Marquis Miami is a hotel near downtown Miami Florida United States. The hotel is situated in Miami's new Metropolitan Miami development. It has 313 guestrooms with 56 suites along with a broad array of amenities including New York restaurateur Daniel Boulud's French - American bistro db Bisto Moderne.
 The Ezra Clark House is located on Mill Road in the Town of North East New York United States. It is a brick house built in the late 18th century.It is one of the oldest farmhouses in the town and one of the few built of brick. In 1985 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Eight years later when the Coleman Station Historic District was created and listed on the Register it was further recognized as a contributing property.
 R. and W. Scott Ice Company Powerhouse and Ice House Site is a national historic district located at Stuyvesant in Columbia County New York. The district includes one contributing building one contributing structure and one contributing site. They are the remains of an ice house the exterior walls and chimney of a powerhouse (ca. 1885) and the surviving features of a dock and bulkhead.
 The New Art Gallery Walsall is a modern and contemporary art gallery sited in the centre of the West Midlands town of Walsall England. It was built with £21 million of public funding including £15.75 million from the UK National Lottery and additional money from the European Regional Development Fund and City Challenge.The Gallery is funded by Walsall Council and Arts Council England; this funding is further supplemented by its own income generation. Admission is free.
 The Hopkinsville Commercial Historic District of Hopkinsville Kentucky is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The site was first inhabited by the Wood family of Jonesborough Tennessee. They donated five of their 1200 acres (4.9 km2) for the creation of a county seat and in 1799 the site was platted and dubbed Christian Court House.
 Taylor's Chapel is a historic chapel located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Greek Revival style chapel located in a quarter acre fenced-in plot which also includes a graveyard within Mount Pleasant Park in northeast Baltimore. The structure is a small mid-19th-century country church built of stone covered with stucco painted white and has a gable roof.
 The Knox United Church 2569 Midland Avenue began as Knox Presbyterian Church Scarborough Township Ontario in a wood frame church built in 1848 the result of the Church of Scotland disruption that led to the formation of the Presbyterian Church of Canada in Connection with the Free Church of Scotland.Elder William Clarke Sr. was one of the group who withdrew from the Auld Kirk at the Synod Meeting held in Kingston Canada West in July 1844; his Minister Rev.
 Clifton is a historic plantation home located near Hamilton Cumberland County Virginia. It was built about 1760 and is a two-story seven bay frame dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a hipped roof and a one-bay one-story wing on the west end. The front facade features a three-bay one-story gable roof porch supported by elongated Tuscan order columns.
 The Twin Sisters Lookout also known as the Twin Sisters Radio Tower and the Twin Sisters Shelter Cabin was built by the U.S. Forest Service in 1914 the year before the establishment of Rocky Mountain National Park. The rustic log structure was taken over by the National Park Service in 1925. The one-story building has an arched roof with a trap door to provide access when snow has drifted over the ground-level door.
 West Potato House is a historic potato house located near Delmar Sussex County Delaware. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1925 and is a 1 1/2-story gable fronted balloon frame structure on a concrete block foundation. The house has a cellar. It measures 37 feet 6 inches by 13 feet 9 inches.
 Hudson Greene is an apartment complex in Jersey City New Jersey which consists two towers the East Tower at 77 Hudson Street which are condominiums and the West Tower at 70 Greene Street which are rental apartments. Both have 48 floors and are 500 ft (152m) tall. Construction on the towers began on June 25 2006 and was completed in 2009 (77 Hudson) and 2010 (70 Greene). The complex has 420 residences and 19000 square feet (1800 m2) of street-level retail space.
 The Keck Hospital of USC (formerly USC University Hospital) is a private teaching hospital part of the Keck School of Medicine located on the University of Southern California Health Sciences Campus adjacent to the Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center in East Los Angeles Los Angeles California.
 Al Bahr Towers is an award-winning development in the emirate of Abu Dhabi consisting of two 29-storey 145m–high towers. It is located at the intersection of Al Saada and Al Salam Street in Abu Dhabi City the capital of the United Arab Emirates at the eastern entrance. One tower houses the new headquarters of the Abu Dhabi Investment Council (ADIC) an investment arm of the Government of Abu Dhabi.
 The Troika is a three-tower luxury condominium development in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia located at the corner of Jalan Binjai and Persiaran KLCC behind Menara Citibank and Nikko Hotel.Developed by Malaysian property developer Bandar Raya Developments Berhad and designed by Foster and Partners The Troika is currently under construction and will feature three glass-clad towers of varying heights. The three towers will surround a park located in the middle.
 Temple Adath Israel is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Cleveland Mississippi.The Congregation was organized in 1923; a Hebrew school had been started the previous year. The congregation's Byzantine Revival synagogue was built in 1927. An annex designed by architect Harold Kaplan of Greenville Mississippi was completed in 1949-1950.The Temple was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 2002.
 Christ Church Graveyard and Sexton's House is an historic Episcopal church complex located at Worton Kent County Maryland. The church also known as Christ Church IU is a small brick structure basilican in plan with a narrower sanctuary appended. It was built in 1765 to serve as the parish church of Chester Parish which had been established that same year. It is a well-proportioned example of a small Gothic Revival structure interpreted in brick.
 Dr Growse's House is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia and was constructed in the early 1860s possibly with convict labour.Dr Growse was the Medical Officer at Toodyay from 1856 - 1872 and again from 1876 until his death in 1877. In 1884 Dr Mayhew moved into the house and renovated and added the downstairs verandah. In 1902 the Sisters of Mercy purchased the house having built a convent school on adjacent land.
 Mount Druitt Hospital is a 200-bed hospital in Sydney suburb of Mount Druitt New South Wales Australia. It was opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in October 1982 and was designed by Lawrence Nield in 1980.The hospital consists of 120 beds for general medical and surgical use 62 beds for paediatrics five intensive care beds (these were removed in 2005) and 13 day-only observation beds. The three commissioned operating theatres have eight beds for recovery.
 Café Coco is a 24-hour cafe located at 210 Louise Avenue in Nashville Tennessee. During the day it is primarily a coffee shop and at night it has live music poetry and comedy.The cozy cafe is located in a ramshackle large old cottage near Elliston Place. It is one of Nashville's few non-chain 24-hour food establishments.The menu includes sandwiches pasta burgers salad pizza cake beer coffee and drinks. Wi-fi is available for free.
 Holy Trinity Church Bickerton stands to the north of the village of Bickerton Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is combined with those of St Wenefrede Bickley St John Burwardsley and All Saints Harthill.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Chaptico St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It was constructed in 1736 of Flemish bond brick construction with glazed headers 60 feet long and 40 feet wide with an original semicircular brick apse. In 1913 a three-story brick tower with octagonal belfry and spire was added to the west end of the church.
 The Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul also known as Ss. Peter and Paul Church is a church located in Lewiston Maine and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland.
 St. Stanislaus Kostka Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Woonsocket Rhode Island United States. Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence.
 The Auberge d'Allemagne (Maltese: Berġa ta' Alemanja) was one of the eight auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It was a two-storey building and it was connected to Auberge d'Angleterre through the back part of the building. It housed the langue of Allemagne until the building of a new Auberge d'Allemagne in Valletta in 1575. After that it was used as a private house.
 The Park Row Building is a building on Park Row in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan also known as 15 Park Row. The building was designed by R. H. Robertson a pioneer in steel skyscraper design and engineered by the firm of Nathaniel Roberts.In 1999 the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission designated the Park Row Building a landmark.
 The Church of St Nicholas of Myra (Without) is a Roman Catholic church on Francis Street Dublin that is still in use today. The site has been used as a place of worship as far back as the 12th century. The current church was built in 1829 and dedicated to Saint Nicholas in 1835.
 The Tack Factory was an historic factory at 49 Tiffany Rd. in Norwell Massachusetts United States. Built in 1834 the factory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was destroyed by fire in 1983.
 The Canadian County Jail and Stable is a building located at 300 South Evans in El Reno Oklahoma. It is the abandoned site of the county jail of Canadian County and sits west of the current county jail on the same block. The jail itself was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and the stable was listed in 1995. The jail and stable are the oldest remaining county government structures in Canadian County.Designed by noted Oklahoma architect Solomon A.
 Fort William Historical Park (formerly known as Old Fort William) is a Canadian historical site located in Thunder Bay Ontario that contains a reconstruction of the Fort William fur trade post as it existed in 1815. It officially opened on July 3 1973. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923.
 The Old Harrison County Courthouse is located in the center of Whetstone Square in Marshall Texas and is one of the most famous and admired buildings in Texas. It is the signature landmark of Marshall and is frequently used to represent East Texas in travel literature.The Old Courthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. From 1964 until 2000 the building housed the Harrison County Historical Museum. The building is noted as being the location of the first sit-ins in Texas.
 Peabody Downtown Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998. It is located in Peabody Kansas.
 Williamson House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The home has been owned by J. Richard Wright and Deborah C. Wright since April 1984.
 The Litchfield Elks Lodge No. 654 also known as Elks Club is an Elks building located at 424 N. Monroe St. in Litchfield Illinois. The building was constructed in 1923 for Litchfield's Elks lodge which formed in 1901. Architect Oliver W. Stiegemeyer designed the building in a Classical Revival plan with a significant Beaux-Arts influence particularly in its form. The main section of the front facade has five bays and features terra cotta pilasters along the corner bays.
 The El Jobean Post Office and General Store is a historic site in El Jobean Florida United States. It is located at 4370 Garden Road. On August 27 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Abram and Sallie Printz Farm also known as Mountain View Farm is a historic home and farm located near Luray Page County Virginia. The farmhouse was built about 1872 and is a two-story frame dwelling with vernacular Greek Revival and Victorian interior design elements. A two-story rear ell was added about 1900.
 The Tonawanda Armory is a historic armory originally built for the 25th Separate Company of the New York National Guard and located in the city of Tonawanda in Erie County New York. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure built in 1897 designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by State architect Isaac G. Perry.
 The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum (reporting mark BRMX) is a railroad museum located in Lenox Massachusetts United States that offers historical exhibits as well as train rides up to Stockbridge on the Housatonic Railroad right of way. The Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum was founded in 1984 as a not-for-profit organization. The same year the Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum began operating passenger excursions between Lee and Great Barrington over tracks owned by the Housatonic Railroad.
 The Franklin Institute (named after the noted American scientist and statesman Benjamin Franklin) is a museum in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and one of the oldest centers of science education and development in the United States dating to 1824. The Institute also houses the Benjamin Franklin National Memorial.
 The Foster School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Waldomore also known as The Waldomore is a two-story Neo-Classical brick mansion located in uptown Clarksburg West Virginia United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 4 1978.
 Timberline Lodge is a mountain lodge on the south side of Mount Hood in Oregon about 60 miles (97 km) east of Portland.Built in the late 1930s this National Historic Landmark sits at an elevation of 5960 feet (1817 m) within the Mount Hood National Forest and is accessible through the Mount Hood Scenic Byway. It is a popular tourist attraction drawing more than a million visitors annually. It is noted in film for serving as the exterior of the Overlook Hotel in The Shining.
 The Old Masonic Hall (also known as Old Masonic Lodge Building) is a historic building in Bellville Texas. Constructed in 1886 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. Today the building houses the headquarters of the Bellville Historical Society.
 Radmore Abbey was an cistercian abbey in Staffordshire England.
 The Allegheny Observatory is an American astronomical research institution a part of the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Pittsburgh. The facility is listed on the National Register of Historical Places (ref. # 79002157 added 6-22-1979) and is designated as a Pennsylvania state and Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation historic landmark.
 The Château des Allymes is a thirteenth-century castle which was rebuilt in the sixteenth century and restored in the nineteenth. It is located in the hamlet of Les Allymes in the Ambérieu-en-Bugey commune in the Ain department of France in the Rhône-Alpes region.The castle was built by the Dauphin of Viennois to protect the people from attacks that were ravaging the country. It is approached by the hamlet of Brey-de-Vent and is the only example of a medieval fortress in Bugey.
 The General Dean Suspension Bridge spans the Kaskaskia River at Carlyle in Clinton County Illinois United States. It is named after Major General William F. Dean who served during the Korean War and was a native of Carlyle. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was added to the Register in 1973.
 Tokyo Bankers Association Building in Marunouchi district of Tokyo. Built on top of the previous building.
 The John Tyler House located at 242-250 E. Main St. Branford Connecticut was built in 1710.
 Carlingwood Mall (or also called Carlingwood Shopping Centre) is a major mall located in the west end of the city of Ottawa Ontario. It is operated by 20 Vic Management Incorporated. The mall opened in 1956 and was one of the city's first major shopping centres.
 The Samanid mausoleum is located in the historical urban nucleus of the city of Bukhara in a park laid out on the site of an ancient cemetery. This mausoleum one of the most esteemed sights of Central Asian architecture was built in the 9th (10th) century (between 892 and 943) as the resting-place of Ismail Samani - a powerful and influential amir of the Samanid dynasty one of the Persian dynasty to rule in Central Asia which held the city in the 9th and 10th centuries.
 The DeWint House or De Wint House at Tappan New York is one of the oldest surviving structures in Rockland County New York and is an outstanding example of Hudson Valley Colonial Dutch architecture. It was built using indigenous sandstone in 1700 by Daniel DeClark a Hollander who emigrated to America in 1676. The date is marked in glazed bricks along the façade.In 1746 West Indies planter Patriot Johannes DeWint bought the house.
 Dale Castle is a 13th-century castle located close to the village of Dale in Pembrokeshire Wales.Built after the English invasion of South Wales the castle was originally built by the de Vales descendants of a knight who had accompanied Robert fitz Martin on his invasion of north Pembrokeshire. The male line died out meaning that subsequent owners have rotated through the female bloodline.
 The Felix M. Warburg House is a mansion located on 1109 Fifth Avenue and 92nd Street in the Upper East Side in New York City. Today the Jewish Museum (New York) is located there.The six-story mansion built in 1908 to designs by the architect C. P. H. Gilbert was constructed for the philanthropist Felix M. Warburg (d.1937).
 The LS Tower (Korean: LS 타워 엘에스 타워) is the headquarters of the Korean cable manufacturer LS Cable & System and is located in Anyang South Korea. The construction works for the 20-story building began in 2006 and LS Cable & System moved its headquarters to LS Tower after its completion in 2008. LS Tower was built to host 1500 people 17 of its 20 stories are above ground level and 3 below.
 The Sacred Heart Church (Croatian: Crkva Presvetog Srca Isusova) is a Roman Catholic church in Doboj Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 William Wells House also known as The Stone House or Stonehurst is a historic home located at Tyler City Tyler County West Virginia. It was built about 1801-1804 and is a modest 2-story sandstone residence. The house is nearly square and has an unusually large interior chimney. A Victorian-style frame addition was built about 1895 at the rear of the house. It is recognized as the county's oldest house.
 Philip Ackley Stanton House is a Mission Revival—Spanish Colonial Revival style house in Anaheim California. It is now within the Fairmont Preparatory Academy.The Spanish Colonial hacienda-style house built in 1929 by Col. Philip A. Stanton. Fairmont Middle and High School (later renamed Fairmont Preparatory Academy) opened in September 1994 on the site of the Stanton estate which includes the Philip Ackley Stanton House.
 The Mutual Musicians' Foundation Building is the building in Kansas City Missouri that was immortalized in the song 627 Stomp. It is also known as the Mutual Musicians Association Building or the Musician's Union Local or the Local No. 627 of the American Federation of Musicians. It was a center of the development of the Kansas City Style of jazz. Members of the Mutual Musicians Foundation included Count Basie Bennie Moten Jay McShann George F.
 Voll Church (Norwegian: Voll kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Voll in the Måndalen valley along the Romsdalsfjorden. The church is part of the Voll parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1896 by the architect Gabriel Smith.The church was built in 1896 to replace an older church dating back to 1674 on the same site.
 The Upper Park Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1928 the cabin has a single room. The cabin was built to National Park Service design G913 and adaptation of cabins used at Yellowstone National Park which had been modeled on those used by the U.S. Forest Service which in turn were derivations of backwoods trappers' cabins. The Upper Park Creek cabin was more difficult than most to construct due to its high remote location.
 The Dominion Building is a historic structure on the corner of Mercer Street and Victoria Street in Wellington New Zealand. Originally designed as the headquarters of The Dominion Post newspaper it is now home to a mix of apartments offices and retail areas.A distinctive 7 storey building of some elegance The Dominion has a frontage of stone imported from Caen in France and interiors of Queensland marble. The building follows the bend in the road.
 The Theodore A. Pappas House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian house in St. Louis Missouri. The Pappas house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 when it was only 15 years old. It is one of two houses in St. Louis designed by Wright the only Usonian Automatic in Missouri. Wright designed it between 1955 and 1959 at the Pappas’ request and Theodore and Bette Pappas built the house together with the help of day laborers between 1960 and 1964.
 The Bryn Mawr Historic District is on the lakefront of the Edgewater neighborhood of far-north Chicago in Illinois USA. It extends along Bryn Mawr Avenue between Broadway Avenue and Sheridan Road.
 The al-Nabi Mosque (Persian: مسجد النبی قزوین‎ – Masjed al-Nabi also known as: Persian: مسجد سلطانى‎ – Masjed-e Soltani) is a famous mosque in Qazvīn. The mosque has an area of about 14000m² and bears inscriptions indicating that Fath Ali Shah of the Qajar dynasty was the founder of the mosque. Other sources however indicate that the mosque has been in existence since the Safavid period.
 1835 Market Street formerly known as Eleven Penn Center is a high-rise building located in the Market West region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands at 425 feet (130 meters) with 29 floors and was completed in 1986. It is currently the 21st-tallest building in Philadelphia. The architectural firm who designed the building was the Kling Lindquist Partnership.
 William J. Barnard Residence also known as Green Shadows and Thornbury Lodge is a historic home located in Thornbury Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed in 1900 and the building was completed in 1907. It was designed by W.E. Jackson a student of Wilson Eyre a noted Philadelphia architect. It is a two-story banked stone dwelling faced in rubble Brandywine Granite. It features a steeply pitched slate gable roof with cross gable.
 Finn's Point Rear Range Light is located in Pennsville Township Salem County New Jersey United States. The range light was built in 1876 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1978.
 Kingsbury Oil Terminal is an oil storage depot located to the northeast of the village of Kingsbury Warwickshire England. It was opened in the late 1960s and serves the Midlands region. It is the largest inland oil storage depot in the United Kingdom. The main operators at the site are BP Warwickshire Oil Storage Limited and Valero Energy Limited.
 Keachi Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on LA 5 in Keachi Louisiana.It was built in 1858 in a Greek Revival style and was added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Artesian Hotel Casino and Spa is a hotel in Sulphur Oklahoma. Amenities include a casino with electronic gaming and card tables a swimming pool fitness center and a spa.
 Every Nation Churches is an organization of non-denominational Christian churches. Its name embodies its goal of reaching every nation in our generation with the gospel.Every Nation performs many of the same functions of a denomination. However it operates more on the model of the Calvary Chapel movement with an emphasis on relational ministry ties. It prefers terms like family or movement as way of emphasizing this distinction.
 Our Lady of Vilnius Church is a closed Roman Catholic parish church that has been threatened with demolition and been the subject of a landmarks preservation debate. It is the national parish church of the Lithuanian Catholic community. The former church is located at 568-570 Broome Street in Hudson Square Manhattan New York City east of the entrance to the Holland Tunnel but predating it.
 The Scotts Shopping Centre (Chinese: 史各士购物中心) was a shopping mall in Singapore located along Scotts Road in the Orchard Road vicinity. The mall was branded as a high-end boutique mall with outlets like Pois Blush Crème and Kiehl's with professional women as its target demographic.This branding was a result of a makeover in 1985 prior to which it catered chiefly to the needs of wealthy Indonesian tourists.
 Arnold Potter House is a historic home located at Potter in Yates County New York. It is a massive five-by-five-bay 2-story home built about 1790 in the Georgian style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Neponset Valley Parkway is a historic parkway in Boston and Milton Massachusetts United States. The parkway was constructed from 1898 to 1929 by Charles Eliot and the Olmstead Brothers and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The parkway serves as a connector between the Blue Hills Reservation the Neponset River Reservation and the Stony Brook Reservation. Paul's Bridge a Historic Place in its own regard is on this route and passes over the Neponset River.
 The Seville Hotel in New York City was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24 2005.
 Woods Memorial Presbyterian Church was established in 1912 in Severna Park Maryland.
 Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle Washington United States. The Market opened August 17 1907 and is one of the oldest continuously operated public farmers' markets in the United States. It is a place of business for many small farmers craftspeople and merchants.
 Brower's Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located in East Nantmeal Township and Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans French Creek. It has an overall length of 100-foot (30 m) and a single span measuring 25-foot-long (7.6 m). The bridge was constructed in 1904 of coursed rubble stone with brick arch rings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Theodore Harrington House is a historic house at 77 Hamilton Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was one of the first houses built when Hamilton Street was laid out. It was built for Theodore Harrington son of Henry Harrington founder of Southbridge's Harrington Cutlery Company a manufacturer of knives used in the manufacture of shoes.
 Deerfield Pike Tollgate House was located in Upper Deerfield Township Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1853 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21 1975. The house was demolished in 2001.
 Old Stone Church (also known as Fairfield Presbyterian Church) is a historic church in the Cedarville section of Lawrence Township in Cumberland County New Jersey United StatesIt was built in 1780 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St Anne's Church Singleton is in Church Road Singleton Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Poulton the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the Diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Chad Poulton and St Hilda Carleton. It is designated as a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 The Sebilj (Bosnian: sebilj - Turkish: sebil) a kiosk-shaped public wooden and stone fountain.
 Middle Mill Historic District is a national historic district located at New York Mills in Oneida County New York. The district includes 31 contributing structures and one contributing site. It consists of a grouping of structures clustered in the vicinity of a large mill complex known as Mill Number 2 or the Middle Mills.
 The Monsey Church is the colloquial name of a historic Reformed Christian church in the hamlet of Monsey town of Ramapo in southern Rockland County New York the official name of which since December 6 2000 is New Hope Christian Church. The church was founded in 1824 as the True Reformed Dutch Church of West New Hempstead and later became known as the Monsey Christian Reformed Church.
 Kilsyth Terrace is a historic building at 15–27 Kilsyth Road in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 East Meadow Jewish Center (EMJC) is a Conservative Jewish synagogue located in East Meadow New York.
 Millwood is a historic plantation house and historic district on the east bank of the Black Warrior River southwest of Greensboro Alabama USA. The house was built in 1830. It also served as a river hotel in the mid to late 19th century. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 26 1989 due to its architectural and historical significance.
 Rock United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. It is a rectangular building of uncoursed rubble stone construction three bays wide by three deep with a steeply pitched slate-clad gable roof. It was originally constructed in 1761 and remodeled to its current Victorian Gothic influenced appearance in 1872 and 1900.
 The Sparta Free Library is located in Sparta Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Taisan-ji An'yō-in (太山寺 安養院) is a temple of the Tendai sect in Kobe Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. It was created as a tatchu temple (branch) in Taisan-ji. An'yō-in 's Karesansui completed in Azuchi–Momoyama period is a Japan's Places of Scenic Beauty.
 The Nordlands Museum is a museum located in the center of Bodø a town in North Norway. It includes several exhibitions that cover North-Norwegian culture and history.On the first floor the museum has two exhibits: one about the old traditional North-Norwegian fisheries and the international stockfish trade with the Hanseatic League and a second covering the local Sami people (Lapps).
 Rattle and Snap is a Greek Revival mansion near Columbia Tennessee. It was built in 1845 by George W. Polk a relative of president James K. Polk and the son of William Polk. William was a North Carolina native who was appointed surveyor-general of the Middle District of Tennessee in 1784.
 St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church now located at 76 St. Alban's Place in the Eltingville neighborhood of Staten Island New York in the United States. It was built in 1865 as the Church of the Holy Comforter at what is now 3939 Richmond Avenue the present site of the South Shore YMCA in Eltingville and was designed by Richard Michell Upjohn the son of the noted Carpenter Gothic architect Richard Upjohn.
 St Bartholomew's Church Wilmslow is in the town of Wilmslow Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford.
 The Edward Beale House is a historic home located at Potomac Montgomery County Maryland. It is a Colonial Revival residence built in 1938 and designed to look like a Pennsylvania farmhouse that has evolved over centuries. The 2 1⁄2-story house has a modified telescope form composed of stone and frame sections covered with side-gable slate shingle roofs. It was designed and built by Delaware architects Pope and Kruse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Peter Tarr Furnace was the first iron furnace west of the Alleghenies. The furnace was built in the 1790s by a man named Grant on property owned by American pioneer James Campbell along Kings Creek near modern Weirton West Virginia in Hancock County. Peter Tarr purchased the business shortly after its construction as Grant was no longer able to maintain it. Along with a partner Peter Tarr then established the firm of Connell Tarr & Company.
 Graff's Market was a historic commercial building located at Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1887 and 1892 and was a three-story wood building on a stone foundation with a cast iron storefront in a High Victorian Italianate-style. The building measured 30 feet by 57 feet 6 inches and had a flat roof. The building housed the Graff family business for over 90 years.
 The Montgomery Ward Building or Old Montgomery Ward Building is a historic department store building in downtown Evansville Indiana.
 The Murie Ranch Historic District also known as the STS Dude Ranch and Stella Woodbury Summer Home is an inholding in Grand Teton National Park near Moose Wyoming. The district is chiefly significant for its association with the conservationists Olaus Murie his wife Margaret (Mardy) Murie and scientist Adolph Murie and his wife Louise.
 The Joseph L. Stone House is a historic house and carriage barn at 77 and 85 Temple Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story house now at 77 Temple Street has a brick first floor and wood frame upper floors with a roughly three-part facade. On the left is a projecting section with a gabled roof and on the right is a rounded two story tower section topped with an octagonal roof. In between is a recessed porch on the second floor with a projecting gabled dormer above.
 Luk Yu is a tea house and dim sum restaurant located in Stanley Street in the Central district of Hong Kong established in 1933. It is known for its colonial style adherence to tradition and loyal long-time customers for whom the entire first floor is unofficially reserved.The tea house gets its name from the Tang Dynasty poet Lu Yu who wrote the The Classic of Tea which describes the history and culture of Chinese tea.
 Arbury Priory was a priory in Warwickshire England.
 The Rev. Thomas Hill House is a historic house at 132 Church Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1845 for the noted clergyman (and later president of Harvard University) Thomas Hill. He was resident at the house while he served as minister of Waltham's First Parish and for two other periods before his death in 1891.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Salsbury Row House is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Silivri Prison (Turkish: Silivri Cezaevi) or officially Silivri Penitentiaries Campus (Turkish: Silivri Ceza İnfaz Kurumları Kampüsü) is a high-security state correctional institution complex in the Silivri district of Istanbul Province in Turkey. Established in 2008 it is the country's most modern and Europe's largest penal facility.As of June 5 2008 a total of 96760 defendants and convicts were detained in Turkey.
 Islander Hotel is a hotel in Port Moresby Papua New Guinea. It is an important conference centre and has hosted some notable political figures and other distinguished guests over the years and has been cited as one of the best places to meet the Papua New Guinean Members of Parliament. It formerly housed the offices of the World Bank in Papua New Guinea.
 The Reeves AN/TSQ-96 Bomb Directing Central was a Cold War automatic tracking radar/computer/communications system (Q system) that was an India Band monopulse variant of the conical scan Reeves AN/MSQ-77 Bomb Directing Central and had a solid state Univac 1219B computer with punch tape reader (Mark 152 fire control computer) for ballistic calculation.
 Starkey School is a historic school building located at Starkey Roanoke County Virginia. It was built about 1915 and is thought to incorporate an earlier one-room school built about 1894. It is a brick school building flanked by wings built in 1928 and measuring 24 feet by 33 feet. In 1961 the school was closed and was purchased by Roanoke County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Union Sunday School is an historic building located in Clermont Iowa United States. It was built in 1858 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Initially the building housed Clermont Presbyterian Church which was organized in 1857. It became a non-denominational church which maintained the town’s first library in 1880. That congregation has since disbanded.
 The Beltzhoover Elementary School in the Beltzhoover neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Keith-O'Brien Building at 242-56 S. Main St. in Salt Lake City Utah also known as the Keith Building is a department store building that was built in 1902. It was designed by architect Frederick Albert Hale and was built for $150000.According to its NRHP nomination it is important in part as an important monument to a leading Utah developer businessman statesman and philanthropist David Keith.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Palais des papes of Sorgues is the first papal residence built by Avignon Papacy to XIVth siecle. Its construction was ordered by John XXII and preceded in 18 years to the Palais des papes. This luxurious residence had served as a model for the construction of residences of cardinals in Avignon. It remains today as ruins because the palace was dismantled during the French Revolution by the builders that the town of Sorgues had sold.
 The Union Brewery is a historic brewery building in Iowa City Iowa. The brewery was founded in 1856 by German immigrants Anton Geiger and Simeon Hotz. Conrad Graf was the brewery's brewmaster and its beer was named Graf's Golden Brew after him; Graf later came to own the brewery after Geiger's death.
 The Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal more commonly called the Delaware Canal runs from the Lehigh River at Easton (home of The National Canal Museum and terminal end of the Lehigh Canal) south to Bristol. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania built the Delaware canal as part of its Main Line of Internal Improvements to carry anthracite coal limestone cement and lumber from the northeastern reaches of Pennsylvania to Philadelphia.
 The Perth Central Baptist Church was a church building in Perth Western Australia. The church was completed in 1899 and demolished in 1979 to make way for the Alexander Library Building. The foundation stone for the church was incorporated into the library building.The church was officially opened on 5 May 1899.
 Briarwood is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was designedin the 1920s by English-born architect Fred Crowthers for Dr. Rhuell Hampton Merrill the minister of the Kanawha Presbyterian Church from 1898 to 1907. The English Tudor style home features varying roof 1ines and asymmetrical massing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 The Fort Dodge Correctional Facility is a medium security institution located on 60 acres (240000 m2) of land in Fort Dodge Iowa. The institution has 1250 beds and as of 28 March 2012 it has 1183 inmates (1162 at capacity) and another 75 in segregation. About 372 people are employed by the institution.The Fort Dodge facility is based on a campus model with administration and treatment buildings five living units and support structures - such as warehouse and power plant buildings.
 The Blue Swallow Court in Tucumcari New Mexico United States is a 12-unit L-shaped motel listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico as a part of historic U.S. Route 66. Original architectural features included a façade with pink stucco walls decorated with shell designs and a stepped parapet on-site office and manager’s residence and garages located between the sleeping units for travelers to park their motorcars.
 The John Janecek House also known as the Jerry Janáček House is an historic home located in Schuyler Nebraska that was built in 1885-1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 15 1982. The house was owned by John Janecek a Czech American who immigrated to Nebraska from Bohemia in 1870. He was the owner and the proprietor of the Janecek Opera House in Schuyler.It was designed by Omaha architect Henry Voss.
 Forum is a shopping centre in Helsinki Finland opened in 1985 and located between the streets of Mannerheimintie Simonkatu Yrjönkatu and Kalevankatu.The original Forum building is located in the corner of Mannerheimintie and Simonkatu.
 Cockroach Key (also known as the Indian Hill Indian Key and Cockroach Key) is a historic site near Ruskin Florida United States. It is located south of the Little Manatee River roughly three miles west of Sun City. On December 4 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Loudoun Kirk is a disused church located about one mile west of Loudoun Castle East Ayrshire. It served as Loudoun's parish church until some point after 1600 when this function moved to the church in nearby Newmilns. It subsequently fell into a state of disrepair however since 1994 has been preserved by a local charity Friends Of Loudoun Kirk.
 South Plains Mall is a 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) shopping mall located in Lubbock Texas. It is located at the southwest corner of Loop 289 and Slide Road in the busy shopping district of southwest Lubbock.[citation needed] The mall was opened in 1972 with an initial square footage of 846000 square feet (78600 m2) at a cost of $25 million.The mall has been owned by Macerich since its purchase in 1998 for $115.7 million from the original developer South Plains Mall Associates Ltd.
 Lefever House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pensmore is a mansion under construction in the Ozark Mountains of Highlandville Missouri. When completed the home will be the private residence of Steven T. Huff and his family. It will be one of the largest private single-family residence in the United States. Huff is the chairman of TF Concrete Forming Systems which is doing the concrete construction work for the home. Huff at one time worked in Army intelligence and was a CIA officer.
 Shellmont Inn is a historic bed and breakfast inn located in downtown Atlanta Georgia United States approximately one mile northeast of downtown Atlanta in the Midtown neighborhood.
 The Church of St. Peter and St. Paul Hucknall is a parish church in the Church of England in Hucknall Nottinghamshire.
 The National Museum of Decorative Arts is an art museum in Buenos Aires Argentina. The
 The Oscar W. Underwood House also known as the Art Department Building George Washington University or the Washington College of Law is a historic building located at 2000 G Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
 Cathedral of Our Lady of Tortosa (Arabic: كاتدرائية طرطوس‎) was a Crusader-era cathedral in the city of Tartus Syria. It was built by the Crusaders in the mid-twelfth century and functioned as both a fortress and a church. It has been described by historians as the best-preserved religious structure of the crusades. It now serves as the National Museum of Tartus.
 Bahrs Landing Famous Seafood Restaurant and Marina (locally known as Bahrs Restaurant Bahrs Landing or simply Bahrs) is a seafood restaurant bar and marina located in Highlands New Jersey.
 The Cedar Creek Grist Mill is a building located in Woodland Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Friends of the Cedar Creek Grist Mill restored the mill and operate it as a museum.
 Aliʻiōlani Hale is a building located in downtown Honolulu Hawaiʻi currently used as the home of the Hawaiʻi State Supreme Court. It is the former seat of government of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi and the Republic of Hawaiʻi.Located in the building's courtyard is the famed gold-leaf statue of Kamehameha the Great.
 The Gold Coast Railroad Museum (reporting mark GCOX) is located in Miami Florida.
 The Coffee Pot is a historic roadhouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Grandin Court neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke Virginia U.S.A.. Completed in 1936 The Coffee Pot is an example of novelty architecture as its distinctive feature is that of a stucco coffee pot structure that is situated on the roof of the building. Today this remains as the only active roadhouse located within the Roanoke Valley.
 Kent Road Village is a historic apartment complex and national historic district located in Richmond Virginia. The complex was built in 1942-1943 and consists of 11 Colonial Revival style brick buildings. They are two stories in height and include three different exterior treatments. The complex was designed by Richmond architect E. Tucker Carlton and built under the auspices of the Federal Housing Administration.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Willa Cather House also known as Willa Cather Childhood Home is the house in Red Cloud Nebraska where author Willa Cather grew up.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The house is one of eight structures that make up the Willa Cather State Historic Site which is operated by the Nebraska State Historical Society.
 The Masonic Temple in Great Falls Montana is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.Address is 821 Central Avenue Great Falls Motana 59401 Phone number is 453-9080.Cascade No. 34 meets 2nd and 4th Tuesdays at 7:30pm Sept-June.Euclid No. 58 meets year-round 1st and 3rd Tuesdays at 7:30pm Sept-May 3rd Tuesdays at 7:30pm June-Aug. Delta No. 128 meets 2nd Wednesdays at 7:30pm Sept-June.
 The Terhune House is located at 161 Godwin Avenue in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was initially constructed in 1737 with the second major renovation occurring in 1776. Terhune family lore suggests that the family were French Huguenots who fled France in the 16th century to pursue their religious beliefs. The family settled in Holland and after two or three generations of intermarrying within the Dutch community they set their sights on Pre-Colonial America.
 DUMBO Industrial District is a historic industrial complex and national historic district in Brooklyn New York New York. The complex consists of 95 contributing 19th and early 20th century industrial and warehouse buildings Belgian block streets and its location on the East River by the imposing anchorage of the Manhattan Bridge. DUMBO is an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
 The Kruger House (or C.B. White House) is a historic building located at 10292 Donner Pass Road in Truckee Nevada County northern California.The mansion was built in 1874 by W. H. Kruger who was then a partner in the Truckee Lumber Company. It was originally designed as a single family residence in the Queen Anne Eastlake Victorian style.
 The Livingstone Tower is a prominent high rise building in Glasgow Scotland and is a part of the University of Strathclyde's John Anderson Campus one of the 2 campuses the university operates from. The building was named after David Livingstone. The address of the building is 26 Richmond Street Glasgow.
 Paint Lick Presbyterian Church (Manse Church) is a historic church at KY 52 in Paint Lick Kentucky.The Gothic Revival church was built in 1879 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Wall Street Methodist Episcopal Church now the home of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at 69 Wall Street in Auburn New York United States. It is a large Gothic Revival style brick and limestone structure built in 1887. The facade is dominated by a square tower topped by a broach spire.
 Gül Mosque (Turkish: Gül Camii meaning: The Mosque of the Rose in English) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul Turkey converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
 The Ferrer Colony and the associated Ferrer Modern School was an anarchist intentional community founded in 1911 in New York City and moved to Piscataway Township New Jersey in 1915. The Ferrer Modern School opened later. It lasted for more than 40 years before finally closing in 1953. The project was named after Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia an educator activist and anarchist who founded the Modern School movement in Spain.
 The Blue Hills Reservation Parkways are a group of historic parkways in the Blue Hills Reservation. The system was founded in 1894 and designed by Charles Eliot. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Federation Tower (Russian: Башня Федерация) is a complex of skyscrapers being built in Moscow on the 13th lot of the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow Russia. The project was conceived by Sergei Tchoban and Peter Schweger. The construction of the towers began in 2003.
 The Central Maine Medical Center is a hospital located at 300 Main Street in the city of Lewiston Maine. It serves most of Androscoggin County including Lewiston and Auburn Maine and various small and medium-sized communities. The hospital was established in the 1860s and officially incorporated in 1888 by Dr. Edward H. Hill an alumnus of nearby Bates College and also Harvard Medical School.
 Peaceful Valley Ranch about three miles from the town of Medora North Dakota dates from 1885 when Benjamin Lamb a 22-year-old white male rancher from Ohio bought the land and built its first buildings. The ranch includes Late Victorian architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Barnett Bobb House also known as the Old Log House is a historic building in downtown York Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was originally located at the intersection of Pershing and College Avenues. In 1968 it was moved to its current location and restored. It is on the same site as the General Horatio Gates House and Golden Plough Tavern. It was built in 1811 and is a two-story log dwelling with dovetailed corners.
 The Classen Library (Danish: Det Classenske Bibliotek) was a public library in Copenhagen Denmark created from the private book collection of Johan Frederik Classen at the time of his death in 1792. It was the third largest library in the city surpassed only by the Royal Danish Library and Copenhagen University Library and existed until 1867 when it was merged with the latter.Its building at 38 Amaliegade now houses Det Konserveringsfaglige Videncenter a centre for conservation.
 The Ether Dome is an amphitheater in the Bulfinch Building at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. It served as the hospital's operating room from its opening in 1821 until 1867. It was the site of the first public demonstration of the use of inhaled ether as a surgical anesthetic on 16 October 1846. Crawford Long a surgeon in Georgia had previously administered ether but this went unpublished until 1849.
 The Rocks Village Historic District is a historic district in eastern Haverhill Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Dixmont Corner Church (also known as Dixmont Methodist Church) is a historic church on US 202 in Dixmont Maine.It was built in 1834 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Brest Railway Museum or Brest Museum of Rail Equipment is the first outdoor railway museum in Belarus located in Brest opened in 2002.The museum is located close to the Brest Fortress the major attraction of the city.
 Prato Rio also known as Hopewell near Leetown West Virginia was the home of General Charles Lee of the Continental Army for whom Leetown is named. Lee lived there from 1774 to his death in 1782. The property was originally acquired in 1731 by Han Yost Heydt (or Hite) who built a log cabin on the property he called Hopewell. Heydt's son Jacob expanded the cabin in 1733. In 1774 Jacob Heydt sold the 3000-acre (12 km2) plantation to Lee who renamed the estate Prato Rio.
 The Lawrence Soule House is an historic house at 11 Russell Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick Queen Anne house was built in 1879 for Lawrence Porter Soule to a design by Frank Maynard Howe an apprentice at the firm of Ware & Van Brunt. The building received immediate notice in the architectural press and is a rare architect-designed house in North Cambridge.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Drake Performance and Event Center is located at Ohio State University. It was a student activity center named Drake Union. The center is located on the west campus of Ohio State between Morrill Tower and Lincoln Tower off the east banks of the Olentangy River.
 Trinity Benedictine Monastery is a small community of Benedictine monks in the town of Fujimi Nagano Prefecture Japan. The monastery was started in 1999 before which the Benedictines used Saint Anselm’s parish and priory (Meguro Church) in Tokyo.The premises hold a chapel a chapter house library dining and leisure space and rooms for monks and guests. As it is located in Japan all prayers are held in Japanese.
 The Merchant Hall (grid reference ST565735) is a historic building on The Promenade Clifton Down Bristol England.It was built in 1868 by Richard Shackleton Pope Thomas Pope and John Bindon and converted after World War II for the Society of Merchant Venturers.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Bethlehem Armory also known as Floyd Simons Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Bethlehem Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1930 and is an I-plan brick building in three sections. It consists of a two-story administration building drill hall and kitchen / locker room executed in the Art Deco style. It measures 82 by 102 feet (25 by 31 m) and has a hipped roof.
 The Illinois and Michigan Canal connected the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico. It ran 96 miles (154 km) from the Chicago River in Bridgeport Chicago to the Illinois River at LaSalle-Peru. The canal crossed the Chicago Portage and helped establish Chicago as the transportation hub of the United States before the railroad era.
 The Harold Wass Ray House is a historic home in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1935 for businessman Harold Wass Ray (1884-1969) it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The two-story structure is of a Prairie School and Crafstman in architectural style.
 The Smith Shoe Shop is a historic ten-footer shoe workshop at 273 Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. The small outbuilding is one of a few surviving remnants of the local cottage industry of shoemaking that flourished in the 19th century.
 The Eagle's Nest was a house at 282-284 Logan St. in Bridgeport Connecticut. Built in 1830 it has also been known as the Johnson-DeRivera House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.According to its NRHP nomination 'Eagle's Nest' is an exceptional example of late Federal early Greek Revival architecture.
 Bir Hospital (बीर अस्पताल) is the oldest and one of the busiest hospitals in Nepal. It was established in July 1889 by Bir Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana. It is located at the center of Kathmandu city. The hospital is run by the National Academy of Medical Sciences a government agency since 2003.The hospital provides medical and surgical treatments to people from all across the country. Many patients from the rural areas come to this hospital to get free treatment.
 The Du Quoin State Fairgrounds are located in the city of Du Quoin in Perry County Illinois United States. The fairgrounds are located along U.S. Route 51 north of Illinois Route 14. The facilities include the DuQuoin State Fairgrounds Racetrack an oval track that has hosted AAA USAC and ARCA races since 1948.
 The Thomas Holt House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that dates from c.1840 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Audie Murphy American Cotton Museum is located at 600 Interstate 30 East in the city of Greenville county of Hunt in the U.S. state of Texas. It was established in 1987. Cotton was Hunt County's largest cash crop in the early 20th century and the museum features a History of Cotton Exhibit.Much of the focus of the museum is dedicated to military veterans. Medal of Honor recipient Audie Murphy was born in Hunt County and worked in Greenville before entering the military.
 Grant A.M.E. Church is a historic church at 4th and Washington Street in Chesilhurst Camden County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Northumberland Apartments is a historic apartment building at 2039 New Hampshire Avenue NW in the U Street Corridor of Washington D.C. The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1909-10 by local real estate developer Harry Wardman and Albert H. Beers. In 1980 the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site preserves the Springwood estate in Hyde Park New York United States of America. Springwood was the birthplace lifelong home and burial place of the 32nd President of the United States Franklin Delano Roosevelt. The National Historic Site was established in 1945.
 North Hempstead Town Hall is a historic town hall building located at Manhasset in Nassau County New York. The original section was built in 1906-1907. Flanking additions were built in 1926-1928 and the large rear extension was completed in 1955. The original section is three bays wide and two and one half stories high built of brick with cast stone accents. A copper domed eight sided wooden cupola was added in 1928.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Saint George Cathedral (Russian: Георгиевский собор) in Yuryev-Polsky is one of a dozen surviving white-stone churches which were built in Vladimir-Suzdal Principality in the northeastern Rus prior to the Mongol invasion. Constructed between 1230 and 1234 the cathedral was also the last of these churches to be built completed just three years before the invasion. Unlike most of the other pre-Mongol Vladimir-Suzdal churches the St.
 The Lady Washington Hose Company building is located on Academy Street in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States. It was once home to one of the city's volunteer companies of the same name but now houses Children's Media Project. It is an unusual combination of different architectural styles.The company was created in 1863 when the city bought new fire engines for the Niagara and Cataract companies.
 The old Groton High School is a historic school building at 145 ain Street in Groton Massachusetts. It has also variously been known as the Prescott School Groton Junior High School and Butler School. The building is two stories with a flat roof. It is divided into four sections: a central portion that protrudes slightly from the main facade which is topped by a pedimented gable two wings that flank the central portion and a rear section behind the central building.
 Allen Street Historic District is a historic district in Woonsocket Rhode Island.Allen Street contains Victorian and 19th century revival factory buildings constructed mainly after 1860. The buildings have been converted to housing. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Church of the Epiphany was an Episcopal congregation in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Founded in 1834 it merged with St. Luke's Church in 1898 to form The Church of St. Luke and the Epiphany. Its 1834 Greek Revival building designed by architect Thomas Ustick Walter and located at 1501-15 Chestnut Street was demolished in 1902.
 The Dr. John Ives House is a Federal style house in the town of DeWitt New York on a hill overlooking the hamlet of Jamesville. It has a widow's walk on top. The original property included 630 acres (250 ha). Over the years the property was sold and divided amongst family members.It includes 3 contributing buildings—the house a barn and a smokehouse—over a 6 acres (2.4 ha) area.It was the home of John Ives a Jamesville dentist.
 Provident Hospital the first Black-owned and operated hospital in America was established in Chicago in 1891 by Dr. Daniel Hale Williams an African American surgeon during the time in American history where few public or private medical facilities were open to Black citizens.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral in Salina Kansas United States is the cathedral parish for the Catholic Diocese of Salina. It is the second cathedral for the diocese after Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Concordia Kansas when the See was located there.
 The Erskine College-Due West Historic District is a historic district in Due West South Carolina in the United States. It consists of 88 contributing properties and includes part of the campus of Erskine College as well as private homes businesses and other buildings in the town of Due West. On March 19 1982 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places
 County Bridge No. 171 is a historic stone arch bridge located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans Valley Creek. It has three spans; the main span is 25 feet long and flanked by two 15-feet long spans. The bridge was constructed in 1907 of coursed rubble with brick arch rings and a contrasting parapet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Bethel Methodist Episcopal Church is located west of Pleasant City Ohio on SR 146. The church was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 24 1978.
 The Villa Farnesina is a Renaissance suburban villa in the Via della Lungara in the district of Trastevere in Rome central Italy.
 The Nellie Leland School is a school building originally built to serve handicapped children located at 1395 Antietam Avenue in Detroit Michigan (the former location of the Detroit Barracks where Lieutenant Ulysses S. Grant served from 1849 - 1851). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The building has been renovated into loft space.
 The Porter Farm also known as Walter C. Porter Farm near Terrell Texas was the site of the first cooperative farm demonstration organized by Dr. Seaman A. Knapp in 1903. The project successfully demonstrated methods expanding crop production. From this foundation project developed the U.S.
 The UAE Public Library and Cultural Center is actually three buildings: a 1000000 volume National Library a performance auditorium and a Conference/Exhibit Center. The site includes a main entrance court with a central fountain an amphitheater for public & children’s performances and a parking facility.Designed by architect Hisham N.
 The Fulbright Tower is a 52 story skyscraper originally known as 3 Houston Center. A part of the downtown Houston Center complex the tower has 1247061 square feet (115855.8 m2) of Class A office space. The bottom seven levels were designed for four trading floors for commodities like electricity and natural gas. The building at one point was owned by ChevronTexaco. As of 2005 Crescent owns the tower in a joint venture with the affiliates of GE Asset Management and J.P.
 White Memorial Medical Center is a non-profit faith-based teaching hospital which provides a full range of inpatient outpatient emergency and diagnostic services to communities in and near downtown Los Angeles. White Memorial Medical Center (WMMC) is owned and operated by Adventist Health staffed by 1879 employees nearly 700 volunteers 462 physicians and 86 residents.
 Cabot Circus is a shopping centre in Bristol England. It is adjacent to Broadmead a shopping district in Bristol city centre. The Cabot Circus development area contains shops offices a cinema hotel and 250 apartments. It covers a total of 139350 m2 (1500000 sq ft) floor space of which 92900 m2 (1000000 sq ft) is retail outlets and leisure facilities. It opened in September 2008 after a ten-year planning and building project costing £500 million.
 Hebron Church in Long Ashton North Somerset near Bristol in England was first founded in 1934 by Ernest Dyer.The Church arose out of a Sunday School and youth club by Mr Dyer who cycled weekly from Keynsham to run the clubs. Mr Dyer lived above the Church until his death in the late 1960s. His sister continued living there until her subsequent death.
 Sudler's Conclusion is a historic home located at Manokin Somerset County Maryland. It is a two-part house consisting of a 1 1⁄2-story early-18th-century Flemish bond brick section with a frame two-story west wing erected about 1840. Also on the property is a log smokehouse frame tobacco barn and a small private cemetery.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St German's Church (dedicated to St Germanus of Auxerre) is a nineteenth-century parish church in Adamsdown Cardiff Wales. The building is Grade I listed.
 Greenwood Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Hillsdale Missouri.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Shrine of Mary Queen of Peace Our Lady of EDSA or more popularly the EDSA Shrine is a small church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manila located at the intersection of Ortigas Avenue and Epifanio de los Santos Avenue (EDSA) in Barangay Ugong Norte Quezon City. The shrine is also called the Archdiocesan Shrine of Mary Queen of Peace or Mary Queen of Peace Quasi-Parish although these names are seldom used.
 Green Hill is a historic plantation home and national historic district located near Long Island Campbell County Virginia. The main house is a two-story five bay brick structure with a gable roof modillioned cornice and two interior end chimneys. The one-story rear ell was built about 1800. The interior features fine woodwork.
 Eaton Hall is a large house in King City Ontario Canada built in the Norman style for Lady Eaton in 1937 on a 700 acre (2.8 km²) parcel of land (once the Fergueson farm). Lady Eaton and her husband Sir John Craig Eaton acquired the land in 1919 on recommendation from their friend Sir Henry Pellatt who owned the nearby Mary Lake property. Lady Eaton moved into Eaton Hall following the demolition of her city mansion Ardwold.
 Searles High School is an historic school building at 41 Pleasant Street in Methuen Massachusetts and an excellent example of English Renaissance Revival architecture. It was designed by Henry Vaughan a favorite of wealthy industrialist Edward Searles who funded construction of the building in 1904. Searles was a major presence in the town also funding construction of the Vaughan-designed Methuen Memorial Music Hall.
 Precious Blood Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church is located one block north of Lafayette Park at 435 South Occidental Boulevard in the Westlake section of Los Angeles California. The current Italian Romanesque church structure was dedicated in 1926.
 Saka no Ue no Kumo Museum or Sakano-ueno-kumo Museum (坂の上の雲ミュージアム Saka-no-ue-no-kumo Myūjiamu) is a museum located in Matsuyama Ehime Prefecture Japan and inspired by the novel Saka no ue no kumo written by Ryōtarō Shiba.Matsuyama City leads community development mainly with this museum.[citation needed]The museum was constructed by Tadao Ando. He is also known for the construction of Ryōtarō Shiba Memorial Museum.
 The William Wheeler House in Victoria Texas USA was built in 1900. It was designed by the architect Jules Leffland in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall is an historic building located at 1101 Massachusetts Avenue in St. Cloud Florida in the United States. The city of St. Cloud had been founded by the Grand Army of the Republic or GAR as a retirement colony for its members. The hall was built in 1914 by members of the GAR as a memorial to the Union Army veterans of the Civil War. It was one of many such halls built in the country. On February 21 1997 it was added to the U.S.
 The Machell-Seaman House also known as the Seaman House and the Seaman-Foshay House is a Queen Anne-Eastlake style Victorian house in the West Adams section of Los Angeles California. The house was built in 1888 and designed by architect Joseph Cather Newsom. The house was listed on the [[National Register of Htoric Places]] in 1988 based on its well-preserved architecture. In 1989 it was declared a Historic-Cultural Monument (No. 408) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission.
 The Putnamville Correctional Facility located in Warren Township Putnam County near Greencastle Indiana is a medium-security prison for men located on 4350 acres (17.6 km2) in Putnam County Indiana (the west-central part of the state near US Routes 231 and 40). It currently houses approximately 2400 inmates. Established in 1914 the prison was known for nearly 70 years as the Indiana State Farm.
 Government House is the former official residence of the Lieutenant Governors of Alberta currently retained for ceremonial events and entertaining.The property for the house was purchased by the Province of Alberta in 1910 as well as the surrounding area. Construction on the building intended from the outset to house the Lieutenant Governor began in 1912 and the official opening was held on October 7 1913.
 J. C. Osgood Firehouse now known as Engine Company 6 is a historic fire station located at Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1889 and is an inverted L shaped brick building in the Queen Anne style. The main section is 2 1⁄2 stories dropping to 2 stories in the midsection with a 1 1⁄2-story wing at the rear.
 The Astor Building is a building located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was added to the register on September 7 1984.
 The Enterprise Grange No. 173 was built in 1884. It served as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Crown Point was a British fort built by the combined efforts of both British and Provincial troops (from New York and the New England Colonies) in North America in 1759 at narrows on Lake Champlain on the border between modern New York State and Vermont. Erected to secure the region against the French the Fort is located near the town of Crown Point New York and was the largest earthen fortress built in the United States. The site is now administered as Crown Point State Historic Site.
 The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County (NHM) is the largest natural and historical museum in the western United States and its collections include nearly 35 million specimens and artifacts and cover 4.5 billion years of history. It opened in 1913.In 2003 the museum began a campaign to transform its exhibits and visitor experience. The museum reopened its seismically retrofitted renovated 1913 rotunda along with the new Age of Mammals exhibition. in 2010.
 Acerenza Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Acerenza Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta e San Canio) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and to Saint Canius in the town of Acerenza in the province of Potenza and the region of Basilicata Italy. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Acerenza.The cathedral is one of the most notable Romanesque structures in this part of Italy.
 The Phillis Wheatley YWCA is a Young Women's Christian Association building in Washington D.C. that was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It is named for Phillis Wheatley (1753–1784) who was likely the first black woman professional poet and writer in the United States.
 The Al-Serkal Mosque is the main mosque in Phnom Penh the capital of Cambodia. It was a gift from Saudi Arabia after the fall of the Khmer rouge. It is situated north of the town near the Boeung Kak lake which is now dry.A new building a gift from the United Arab Emirates is now under construction.
 Battery 223 is located in Lower Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The battery was built in 1942 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 2008.
 St Bartholomew's Church Long Benton is the Anglican parish church of Long Benton Northumberland. It is built in the Gothic Revival Style.
 Derby Dam is a diversion dam on the Truckee River located between Reno and Fernley in Storey and Washoe counties in the U.S. state of Nevada. It diverts water that would otherwise feed Pyramid Lake into the Carson River watershed for irrigation use. It is operated by the Truckee-Carson Irrigation District. The dam was named after the Derby Southern Pacific Railroad station.The project was authorized by Ethan A.
 Prestongrange Museum is an industrial heritage museum at Prestongrange between Musselburgh and Prestonpans on the B1348 on the East Lothian coast Scotland.Founded as the original site of the Scottish Mining Museum its operation reverted to East Lothian Council Museum Service (the current operators) in 1992. Prestongrange Colliery had closed in 1962 and the site began to be cleared. However work stopped when a new plan was adopted.
 Love’s Jazz and Art Center is located at 2510 North 24th Street in the Near North Omaha neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. Founded and named to honor of Omaha jazz great Preston Love Love's highlights the African American culture of North Omaha. In addition to sponsoring a variety of events Love's has hosted events for Native Omaha Days.
 The James H. and Rhoda H. Gardner House at 187 East 300 North in Lehi Utah United States was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was home of James Gardner whose experience sugar refining from sugar cane in Hawaii who first successfully boiled sugar from sugar beets in Utah in 1891 working for the Utah Sugar Company.
 Adams Mill Covered Bridge is located in Indiana south of State Road 18 and north of State Road 26 1/2 mile East of Cutler to County road 50 East north on 50 East 1/2 mile.
 California Medical Facility (CMF) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Vacaville Solano County California. It is older than California State Prison Solano the other state prison in Vacaville.
 The Tour Carpe Diem is a 162-metre (531 ft) tall skyscraper in the La Défense business district near Paris in France. Completed in 2013 it is located in the municipality of Courbevoie and is used for office purposes.Structural type: highriseArchitectural style: structural expressionismMaterials: glass and concrete↑
 Old Gaupne Church (Norwegian: Gaupne gamle kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Gaupne. The church is part of the Luster parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The brown wooden church which has 130 seats was built from 1647 to 1652 to replace an older stave church that was torn down. This church was used from that time until 1907 when the new Gaupne Church was completed.
 The Cathedral of St. James is an Episcopal cathedral in South Bend Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Northern Indiana. The cathedral church and the adjoining parish hall were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Dom-Hotel is a 5-Star Hotel in Cologne Germany located on Roncalliplatz in Innenstadt. The hotel is named after Cologne Cathedral (the Dom) which is its direct neighbour. The hotels is one of the oldest grand hotels in Europe; its location and history make it one of the city's most prominent buildings.
 Bamberg City Hall located in Bamberg South Carolina is a municipal city hall. It is an example of the type of early twentieth century style of governmental building designed by the Anderson South Carolina firm of Sayre and Baldwin. A number of architectural details of this three-story brick and cast stone building are also noteworthy. The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 28 2004.
 The Canterbury Heritage Museum (formerly the Museum of Canterbury) is a museum in Stour Street Canterbury South East England telling the history of the city. It is housed in the 12th century Poor Priests' Hospital next to the River Stour. The museum exhibits the Canterbury Cross and contains a gallery dedicated to Rupert the Bear whose creator Mary Tourtel lived in Canterbury. It holds regular events and exhibitions of local and national interest.
 Siam Paragon (Thai: สยามพารากอน) is a shopping mall in Bangkok Thailand.
 Meydan Tower is an approved skyscraper to be built as a center piece of Dubai Meydan City in Dubai United Arab Emirates.It will have 75 floors for various purposes.
 The Henry H. Mayberry House also known as Splendored and as Riverview is a building in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.Built in Neo-Classical or Classical Revival architecture it is one of few notable residences of the 1900-1935 period in Williamson County.
 The Basilica of St. Stanislaus is a Roman Catholic minor basilica dedicated to Stanislaus of Szczepanów located in Chicopee Massachusetts. The church is under the circumscription of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts and serves St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish. The church was completed in 1908 to the designs of Robert J. Reiley and Gustave E. Steinback of the firm Reiley and Steinback. The basilica was decreed on June 25 1991.
 St. Paul Catholic Church (St. Paul on Salt River; Center Parish) is a historic building in Center Missouri.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Plaza Theatre also known as the Capitol Theater or West Virginia State University Capitol Center is a historic theatre building located at Charleston West Virginia. It was constructed about 1912 and is a turn-of-the-century theater/commercial/office building located in a transitional business district of downtown Charleston.
 Florin Court is an Art Deco residential building situated on the eastern side of Charterhouse Square in Smithfield London.
 The Church and Friary of St Francis known locally as Gorton Monastery is a 19th-century former Franciscan friary in Gorton in east Manchester England. The Franciscans arrived in Gorton in December 1861 and built their friary between 1863 and 1867. Most of the building work was done by the friars themselves with a brother acting as clerk of works. The foundation stone for the church was laid in 1866 and completed in 1872; it closed for worship in 1989.
 Jaunciems Lutheran Church (Latvian: Jaunciema Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 6/8 Jaunciema 5. šķērslīnija.
 Trones Church (Norwegian: Trones kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Trones. The church is part of the Namsskogan parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1832 to seat about 150 people. It serves as the main church for Namsskogan.
 S. F. Vilas Home for Aged & Infirmed Ladies is a historic multiple dwelling located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built in 1889-1890 and is a three story brick monumental multiple dwelling structure in the Queen Anne style. It features truncated hipped roofs with cross-gable wings corbelled decorative chimneys and bands of colored brickwork.
 The Paul W. Bryant Museum is located on the campus of the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama USA. Founded in 1985 the museum was opened in 1988 to house the history of Alabama football with special emphasis on the legendary coach Bear Bryant.
 The Hillsboro Historic District in Hillsboro Virginia is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. In 1979 it included 40 contributing buildings over its 60-acre (24 ha) area. Hillsboro was established as The Gap but in 1802 the town became Hillsborough. In 1880 the present spelling began to b used.
 The Tour Incity is a skyscraper office in Lyon France. This building will be completed by 2015 in the business district of La Part-Dieu at the intersection of Garibaldi Street (main entrance) and the Cours Lafayette to replace the obsolete UAP tower. It should be about 200 meters high with 40 floors. This zone is connected to the rest of the city by the metro line Btramways T1 and T3 and the Tram-train airport commuter LESLYS
 The Cloyne Court Hotel often referred to simply as Cloyne is a student housing cooperative located at 2600 Ridge Road in Berkeley California on the north side of the University of California Berkeley campus on Ridge Road at Leroy Avenue. It is part of the Berkeley Student Cooperative (BSC) system.
 The Merced Theatre is located at 301 W. Main Street at the corner of Main Street and Martin Luther King Way in Merced California. The theatre is significant both for its role as the social and cultural center of Merced from the Depression through the post World War II era and for its Spanish Colonial Revival architecture.
 The Corinthia Hotel Budapest at the Elizabeth Boulevard in Budapest is a historic luxury hotel. First opened in 1896 as the Grand Hotel Royal; a hub for the elite of nineteenth century society the hotel has undergone extensive modification throughout the 20th century and has in the 21st century been restored reopened as the Corinthia.
 The Gov. Levi Lincoln House is a historic house at 4 Avalon Place in Worcester Massachusetts. This Greek Revival house is one of the first of the style to be built in the city; it was built for Levi Lincoln Jr. who had recently ended a long tenure as Governor of Massachusetts and was designed by noted local architect Elias Carter. Lincoln had this house built as a temporary home to live in while a larger Carter-designed mansion was built nearby and sold it when the latter was finished.
 The National Museum of Ethnology (Dutch: Rijksmuseum Volkenkunde or RMV) is a museum about ethnology in the Netherlands is located in the university city of Leiden.
 The Albany Institute of History & Art (AIHA) is a museum in Albany New York United States dedicated to collecting preserving interpreting and promoting interest in the history art and culture of Albany and the Upper Hudson Valley region. It is located on Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) in downtown Albany. Founded in 1791 it is among the oldest museums in the United States.Several other institutions have merged over time to become today's Albany Institute.
 The Catete Palace (Portuguese: Palácio do Catete IPA: [paˈlasju du kaˈtetʃi]) is an urban mansion in Rio de Janeiro's Catete neighborhood. The property stretches from Rua do Catete (Catete Street) to Praia do Flamengo (Flamengo Beach). Construction began in 1858 and ended in 1867. From 1894 to 1960 it was Brazil's presidential palace and the site of Getúlio Vargas' suicide. It now houses the Museu da República (Republic Museum) and a theatre. The Catete underground rail station is adjacent.
 Bybee Pottery historically known also as Cornelison Pottery is a historic industrial facility in Bybee Kentucky United States. Located in a vernacular structure with the appearance of a barn Cornelison is among the oldest pottery manufacturers west of the Appalachian Mountains still in operation.
 Fort Edgecomb built in 1808-1809 is a two-story octagonal wooden blockhouse and restored fortifications located on Davis Island in the town of Edgecomb Lincoln County Maine United States. It is also known as Fort Edgecomb State Historic Site. On October 1 1969 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places and on December 22 1991 its boundaries were increased to create an historic district.
 The Golden Lion Hotel is in the coastal English town of Hunstanton King's Lynn and West Norfolk Norfolk England. It is a three-star hotel and has been a Grade II listed building since 20 September 1984.
 Southroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall at 1001 Fort Crook Road in Bellevue Nebraska. Fort Crook Road was U.S. Route 75 until the early 1990s replaced by the Kennedy Freeway.
 Vangsvik Chapel (Norwegian: Vangsvik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Vangsvik. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete church was built in 1975 and it seats about 150 people.
 Northeast Lancaster Township Historic District locally known as School Lane Hills is a national historic district located at Lancaster Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes 183 contributing buildings and is almost exclusively residential. The oldest buildings date to about 1820 and include Wheatland and the Herr House.
 Valley View Center is a super-regional shopping mall located at Interstate 635 and Montfort Road in north Dallas Texas USA. The mall is owned and managed by Dallas-based Beck Ventures. The mall's current anchors are Sears and AMC Theatres.Originally developed in 1973 the mall flourished and expanded in the 1980s but began to encounter financial difficulties in the 1990s.
 Kumurdo Cathedral (Georgian: კუმურდო) is a Georgian Orthodox Cathedral. It is situated on Javakheti Plateau 12 km (7.5 mi) southwest from Akhalkalaki. According to the inscriptions on the walls written with the ancient Georgian writing of Asomtavruli the Kumurdo Cathedral was built by Ioane the Bishop during the reign of king of the Abkhazians Leon in 964. During the Middle Ages Kumurdo was an important cultural educational and religious center.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is an historic church located in Hanover Massachusetts. Originally founded in 1725 in what is now know as Norwell (an area then part of Scituate) it is one of the oldest parishes in the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
 Jeffersonville School is a historic school building located at Jeffersonville in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a large expansive two story Georgian style central school with a below grade basement. The original buildings is a T shaped steel frame and concrete structure with red brick and brickwork ornamentation and surmounted by a slate roof. It is topped by a white windowed cupola a four sided clock tower and a weather vane.
 St. Brigitte Roman Catholic Church is a designated a historical building originally built as a Roman Catholic church in Harris Saskatchewan Canada. By 1907 due to the need of the local community the Diocese of St. Boniface Manitoba created Our Lady of Good Council parish and sent a full-time priest to the area necessitating the construction of the church. The wood church constructed in 1909 served as the Roman Catholic church in the community until 1996.
 Mount Zion Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 409 S. Main Street in Brinkley Arkansas.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Spacex is a contemporary art gallery in Devon located in Exeter. The gallery's exhibition programme spans installations performance photography sculpture painting film and video. Its learning programme is focused on helping visitors of all ages to explore and engage with contemporary art.
 Adamov's mill (Russian: Адамовская мельница) is a derelict flour mill located outside of Livny Russia. At its peak in the early 20th century the mill employed 85 workers and was the fifth largest flour mill in the Russian Empire. It now serves as a tourist attraction for visitors to Livny.
 Tempe Marketplace is an open air shopping center located in Tempe Arizona. It is located along the Salt River near the interchange of the Loop 101 Pima/Price Freeway and Loop 202 Red Mountain Freeway near the Tempe borders with Mesa and the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community.
 Wildwood House in Ferguson Missouri is an Italianate style house built in 1857. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Wolfchase Galleria is a regional shopping mall in northeast Memphis Tennessee owned by Simon Malls. Also known as 'Wolfchase' or 'The Wolfchase Mall' it is located only a few blocks from the city limits of Bartlett Tennessee at the intersection of Germantown Parkway and Interstate 40. Wolfchase Galleria features Dillard's JCPenney Sears and Macy's plus 130 specialty stores and a food court.
 The SUNTECH Tower (Suntech @ Penang Cybercity) is a business tower in Penang Malaysia. The tower is the first tower to have MSC designated status. The tower will feature 22 levels (including ground floor) 240 office units (12th-21st floor) and 40 shoplots (Ground floor/1st floor). The office building is located in the Penang Cybercity in the township of Bayan Baru.
 Gansevoort Mansion is a historic home located at Gansevoort in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1813 and is two story five bay rectangular building with a gable roof and central entrance. It features a front verandah with fluted Doric order columns. It was once used as a Masonic Lodge. It was built by Herman Gansevoort (1779–1862) son of General Peter Gansevoort (1749–1812) and uncle of the American novelist Herman Melville.
 The Via6 Towers are a pair of 24-story apartment buildings under construction in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The complex scheduled to open in February 2013 will include 18000 square feet of retail space at street level. Construction began in 2011 and the building topped out in June 2012. The building was constructed to Leed Gold standards.
 The John A. North House is a historic house museum and archives located in LewisburgGreenbrier County West Virginia. Currently the North House is Greenbrier County's only historic house museum. Since 1976 The Greenbrier Historical Society has operated within the North House and in 1992 the North House was officially purchased by the Greenbrier Historical Society. In 1992 the home officially became known as  North House Museum Greenbrier Historical Society.
 Grace Universalist Church is a historic church building at 44 Princeton Boulevard in Lowell Massachusetts. Built in 1896 the building housed a Universalist congregation until 1973 when it was sold to a Greek Orthodox congregation. It is now known as the St. George Hellenic Orthodox Church. The building is a 2.5 story brick structure with an eclectic mix of Romanesque Beaux Arts and Classical Revival details.
 Chevro Ahavath Zion Synagogue is a historic synagogue located at Monticello in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1952 and is believed to stand on the foundation of a synagogue built in 1933 and destroyed by fire. It is a small two story brick building three bays wide and three bays deep with a concrete foundation and gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Nusretiye Mosque is an ornate mosque located in Tophane district of Beyoğlu Istanbul Turkey. While its architecture is influenced by Islamic elements it retains a Baroque style making it unique to the city. It was built in 1823-1826 by Sultan Mahmut II.
 Burlington is a historic plantation home located near Barboursville Orange County Virginia. The main house was built in 1851-1852 and is a two-story three-bay T-shaped residence with a shallow hipped roof in the Greek Revival style. It has a traditional I-house plan with an ell addition. The front facade features a portico with six Greek Ionic order columns with a plain entablature. It has a Jeffersonian Chinese lattice balcony cantilevered on the second floor.
 The Sutherland Steam Mill Museum is a restored steam woodworking mill from the 1890s located in Denmark Nova Scotia. The mill operated until 1958. Today it is part of the Nova Scotia Museum system.
 This article is about the Church of the Advent in Farmington Minnesota. For other uses see Church of the Advent (disambiguation).The Church of the Advent built in 1872 is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 412 Oak Street in Farmington Minnesota in the United States. On December 31 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The Church of the Advent is still a functioning parish serving Dakota County Minnesota and surrounding areas.
 The Georgian House (grid reference ST581728) is a historic building at 7 Great George Street Bristol England. It was originally built around 1790 for a wealthy sugar merchant and is now furnished and displayed as a typical late 18th century town house. The period house museum includes a drawing room eating room study kitchen laundry and housekeeper’s room. There is also a small display on slavery and sugar plantations.
 Redcliffe Plantation State Historic Site is a state park in South Carolina USA. Redcliffe Plantation also known as Redcliffe completed in 1859 is a Greek Revival plantation house located on the site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was designed by the baron Louis Berckmans and was built in 1857. It was built for James Henry Hammond and was home to three generations of his descendants.
 The Maples is a historic house located on Montgomery Street in Rhinebeck New York United States. It was built in the 1830s in the Greek Revival style. Three decades later its exterior was remodeled adding some decoration in the Picturesque mode.It is currently used for medical offices taking advantage of the proximity of Northern Dutchess Hospital across the street. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bowers Museum is located in Santa Ana California USA in Orange County. The museum offers exhibitions lectures art classes travel programs children's art and music education programs and other community events. The museum's philosophy is to help people learn about other cultures through their arts and offer a greater understanding of themselves and an appreciation of the world.
 Sebastopol House Historic Site is an antebellum Greek Revival house built of concrete located in Seguin Texas United States. Joshua W. Young built it between 1854 and 1856 for his sister Catherine LeGette.
 The Cleburne County Courthouse is a Classical Revival courthouse in Heflin Alabama. It was built in 1907 after the county seat of Cleburne County was moved from Edwardsville to Heflin in 1905. The wings of the courthouse were expanded in 1938 using funds from the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Sırçalı Medrese(literally Glazed medrese) is a 13th-century medrese (Islamic school) located in Konya Turkey.
 Henry Clay Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Cooper's Rock State Forest near Cheat Neck Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built between 1834 and 1836 and is a 30 foot square 30 feet high stone structure in the shape of a truncated pyramid. The furnace may have continued to operate until 1868 when all the Cheat River iron works ceased production.
 The Church of St. Alphonsus Liguori is a closed Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 308 W. Broadway in Manhattan New York City. It was established as a mission of Most Holy Redeemer in 1847 and elevated to parish status in 1866 staffed by the Redemptorist Fathers. In 1892 the address listed was 230 South Fifth Avenue.The parish was closed in 1980 with the parish records transferred and now housed at St.
 Seebert Lane Colored School also known as Pleasant Green School and Hillsboro School is a historic one-room school for African-American students located at Seebert Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built about 1898 and is a one-story front-gable fram building. The rectangular plan building measures approximately 24 feet 4 inches by 40 feet 4 inches. The building has a symmetrical facade small porch supported by two simple rounded columns and a cupola.
 The R. L. Anderson House is a Bungalow/Craftman style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 North Raleigh United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in northern Raleigh North Carolina United States of America located at 8501 Honeycutt Road. It is a member of the North Carolina Annual Conference and is under the jurisdiction of Bishop [Hope Morgan Ward]. The Senior Pastors of the church are Revs. Eric and Susan Lindblade and Rev. Mark Tolley is the Minister of Discipleship. The Minister of Youth is Erin Betlej and the Minister of Children is Rachel Bass.
 The Columbine Work Station in Coronado National Forest near Safford Arizona was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served historically as institutional housing. Two contributing buildings on 1 acre (4000 m2) were included in the NRHP listing.
 The House at 38 Salem Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a late Federal period house. The 2.5 story wood frame house is believed to have been built c. 1810 and has locally unusual features including brick side walls and a hipped roof. Its twin slender chimneys are indicative of late Federal styling.
 The Copper-Roof Palace (Polish: pałac Pod Blachą) is an 18th-century palace in Warsaw Poland. It takes its unusual name (which is less precisely phrased in the Polish original) from its copper roof — a rarity in the first half of the 18th century. The palace since 1989 is a branch of the Royal Castle Museum.The palace is contiguous with Warsaw's Royal Castle and down a slope from the Castle Square and Old Town. Beneath the palace a 17th-century lodge still exists.
 The (former) abbey church Saint Maurice (French:Abbatiale Saint-Maurice) is the main attraction of the village of Ebersmunster near Sélestat Alsace.The church completed in 1727 the work of Vorarlberg architect Peter Thumb is considered one of the most beautiful Baroque churches in France.
 Guelph General Hospital is a medical care facility in Guelph Ontario Canada. It is a 165-bed facility employing 224 doctors among a total staff of about 1200. Prior to cutbacks in the 2008/2009 fiscal year the hospital operated 181 beds.The facility opened as a 12-bed unit on 16 August 1875.
 The John Greenleaf Whittier Home is a historic house located at 86 Friend Street Amesbury Massachusetts. It was the home of American poet and abolitionist John Greenleaf Whittier from 1836 until his death in 1892 and is now a nonprofit museum open to the public May 1 through October 31; an admission fee is charged. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1962 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 St. Peter and St. Paul's Cathedral Tallinn is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Tallinn Estonia.
 Richwood Hall also known as Richwoods is a house near Charles Town West Virginia. The lands once belonged to George Washington who received them from Thomas Fairfax 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron and subsequently gave to his brother Samuel Washington. It was Samuel's son Lawrence Augustine Washington who built or moved into the house with his bride Mary Dorcas Wood in 1797. This original house now forms a wing of the present enlarged house.
 The Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Women was the first women's (16 years of age or older) prison in Canada. At various times the facility was also known as the Mercer Complex Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Females and Andrew Mercer Ontario Reformatory for Females.
 The Terre Haute Masonic Temple in Terre Haute Indiana is a building that ground was broken for in 1915 cornerstone was laid in 1916 and opened in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior in 1995. The structure was commissioned by the Terre Haute Masonic Temple Association which was included one director from each of the following bodies that funded the building of the temple: Terre Haute Lodge No.
 The Thexton Ranch also known as Thextondale was established by George Thexton in 1872 on the Madison River about 7 miles (11 km) south of Ennis Montana. The ranch is a significant example of an operating Montana ranch and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its prominence in local history and its character as a ranching operation.
 University Hospital Center Dr Dragiša Mišović (sometimes Clinical Hospital Center Dr Dragiša Mišović–Dedinje; Serbian: Клиничко-болнички центар Др Драгиша Мишовић-Дедиње Kliničko–bolnički centar Dr Dragiša Mišović–Dedinje) is a health facility of secondary level in Belgrade that performs specialist health care in its hospitals and clinics. This medical institution is based on modern principles of health care. It is teaching facility of University of Belgrade School of Medicine.
 The Mine No. 5 Store (Now known as Webb's Store) is a historic department store located in Van Lear Kentucky United States. The two story wood frame building was constructed in 1918 by Consolidated Coal Company. On January 26 1989 the structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places.Currently the building is owned by Herman Webb the brother of country music star Loretta Lynn.
 O.B. Grant House is a historic home located at Ridgway in Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1870 in the Italianate style. It is a two story balloon frame dwelling resting on a stone foundation and capped by an intersecting gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Sound Shore Medical Center (SSMC) is a community-based teaching hospital affiliated with New York Medical College located at 16 Guion Place in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester County New York. The original name of the hospital was New Rochelle Hospital which opened its doors in 1892.
 The Yorkshire Museum is a museum in York England. It is the home of the Cawood sword and has four permanent collections covering biology geology archaeology and astronomy.
 The Macy-Colby House is a historically significant seventeenth century saltbox house at 257 Main Street in Amesbury Massachusetts. It is a historic house museum and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2008. In addition to its great age it is notable for its association with Thomas Macy an early settler of Nantucket and the subject of a poem by John Greenleaf Whittier and for its long association with the locally significant Colby family.
 The Church of Saints Martin and Sebastian of the Swiss (Italian: Santi Martino e Sebastiano degli Svizzeri) is a Roman Catholic oratory in Vatican City. The church was built by Pope Pius V in 1568 to serve as private chapel for the Pontifical Swiss Guards whose barracks are located next to Porta San Pellegrino close to the Apostolic Palace.
 The Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum designated the Hawaiʻi State Museum of Natural and Cultural History is a museum of history and science located in the historic Kalihi district of Honolulu on the Hawaiian island of O'ahu. Founded in 1889 it is the largest museum in Hawai'i and is home to the world's largest collection of Polynesian cultural and scientific artifacts.
 The Palace Staufeneck (Schloss Staufeneck in German) is in the municipality of Piding in Berchtesgaden. The fortress was built in the 12th century by Burggrafen von Staufeneck. In the year 1307 the castle went into the ownership of the Erzstift Salzburg under whom it served as one of the maintenance courts in Rupertiwinkel from 1365 to 1805. In 1503 the castle was under Archbishop Leonhard von Keutschach who fundamentally transformed it giving it its present appearance.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is located at the corner of Prospect and Michael Neuner streets in Brewster New York United States. The congregation dates informally to 1872 though it was not formally accepted into the American Episcopal Church until ten years later. The building itself was finished in 1903 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It is the third church built on the site.
 Stanecastle was a medieval barony and estate in North Ayrshire Scotland first mentioned in 1363 and now part of the Irvine New Town project. Its nearest neighbours are Bourtreehill and Girdle Toll.
 The Cedar Falls Ice House is an historic structure located in Cedar Falls Iowa United States. It was built in 1921 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1977. The building currently serves as the Ice House Museum.
 The Paul C. Murphy House is a 2.5-story residence in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1916 in the English Cottage style it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.Designed by Ellis F. Lawrence the house has a floor plan of about 50 by 26 feet (15.2 by 7.9 m). Its interior has formal living spaces on the ground floor bedrooms on the second floor a full attic and a basement with a family room and tiled fireplace.
 The Jonathan Lucas House at 286 Calhoun St. Charleston South Carolina was built between 1803 and 1809 in the Adamesque style of architecture then popular in Charleston.Jonathan Lucas Jr. the builder of the house was born in England in and developed milling machines for rice which led to a boom in rice planting in South Carolina. His father and son both also named Jonathan were also prominent lowcountry mill builders and rice planters. Jonathan Jr.
 Iglesia de Santa Marina (Puerto de Vega) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Mount Moor African-American Cemetery also known as Mount Moor Cemetery is a historic African American cemetery located at Palisades Center West Nyack in Rockland County New York. It was established in 1849 and contains approximately 90 known graves.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It is now surrounded by the Palisades Center shopping mall and its parking lots.
 The Major Jacob Hasbrouck Jr. House is located on Huguenot Street in the Town of New Paltz New York United States. It was built in 1786 by Hasbrouck grandson of Jean Hasbrouck one of the original Huguenot settlers of the New Paltz area in the late 17th century after he had moved out of the family home two miles (3.2 km) to the south in what is today the Huguenot Street Historic District.
 Artillery Park (also known as Churchyard Cemetery) is an historic cemetery at North Road and Narragansett Avenue in Jamestown Rhode Island.Artillery Park has served as a burial ground since the 17th century.
 The Brown Pusey House now the Brown Pusey House Community Center is a historic home built by John Y. Hill at 128 N. Maine St. in Elizabethtown Kentucky. It was built in 1825 and includes Georgian and Federal architecture. It has also been known as Hill House and as Aunt Beck's. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974; the listing includes just one contributing building but a 9.9-acre (4.0 ha) area. It has served as a hotel.
 The Old Greenville City Hall is a former building in Greenville South Carolina. It was originally built as the U.S. Courthouse and Post Office in 1889 on the corner of Main and Broad Streets. After 1938 it was transferred to the City of Greenville and used as its city hall. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 1971. After its demolition in 1972 or 1973 it was removed from the National Register in 1973.
 Central Prison Viyyur is situated in Thrissur in Kerala state of India. It is authorised to accommodate 520 prisoners. It is one of the three central prisons other than Thiruvananthapuram and Kannur situated in Kerala. It is one of the important correctional and detention center in the state of Kerala. As per Kerala Prison Rules the prison is meant to detain convicted habitual prisoners on long term basis.
 Kagando Hospital is a hospital in Uganda.
 The Scout a bronze statue of a mounted rider outside the Buffalo Bill Historical Center in Cody Wyoming was placed in 1924 to commemorate the town's most famous resident and de facto founder Buffalo Bill Cody. Originally in open land on the western outskirts of Cody the statue today stands at the end of Sheridan Avenue the town's main thoroughfare as the town has grown to the west.
 Government Island Historic District is a historic district on Border Street in Cohasset Massachusetts.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Slate Quarry Road Dutch Barn is a historic dutch barn located at Rhinecliff Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1790 and is a large nearly square H frame building. It is sheathed in horizontal weatherboarding and has a gable roof. It has one main story with a spacious hayloft.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The John Crafton House also known as Ralroth Farm is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was built remodeled or has other significance in c.1813 and c.1830. It includes Hall-parlor plan and other architecture. When listed the property included one contributing building one contributing structure.
 1000 North Water Street is a 16 story 296 foot (90 meter) tall post-modern high rise office building in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is the tenth tallest building in Milwaukee and was completed in 1991 right at the tail end of a construction boom in Milwaukee that started in the late 1980s and included 100 East Wisconsin Northwestern Mutual Tower and the Milwaukee Center. The facade and windows are a light pink color giving it a unique appearance among Milwaukee's skyline.
 Las Cabañas Bridge (Spanish: Puente de las Cabañas) is a bridge located in Adjuntas Puerto Rico carrying Puerto Rico Highway 135 across the Vacas River (Río de las Vacas). The bridge was built in 1919. It was designed by Rafael Nones and constructed by Felix Benítez Rexach. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as Las Cabanas Bridge in 1995.
 Milgate House previously Milgate Park is an English country house in Thurnham near Maidstone Kent. The oldest parts of the house were constructed in the mid to late 16th century and alterations and additions were made in the 17th and 18th centuries. The house is a Grade I listed building.
 Édifice Ernest-Cormier was the second courthouse in Montreal to bear the name Palais de justice de Montréal. It was built between 1922 and 1926 and designed by architects Louis-Auguste Amos Charles Jewett Saxe and Ernest Cormier. It was the first major commission for Cormier after his return to Montreal from his studies in Paris. After Cormier's death in 1980 the building was renamed in his honour.
 The Palace Theatre is located on the Cumberland Plateau in Crossville Tennessee and was built in 1938 closed in 1978 reopened in 2001. It was listed in David Naylor's book Great American Movie Theaters in 1989 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 William R. Wing Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1836 and is a two story five bay frame building with late Federal / early Greek Revival vernacular design features. It has a gable roof brick interior end chimneys and a wide frieze pierced by full second story windows.
 Daniel How House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the downtown Portland it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Uganda Cancer Institute (UCI) is a public specialized tertiary care medical facility owned by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
 DMC Surgery Hospital is one of the eight hospitals/Institutions composing the Detroit Medical Center. DMC Surgery Hospital is dedicated to the surgical needs of adults and children. Surgery for adults covers the full range of orthopaedic surgeries neurosurgery relative to the spine and podiatric surgery. In association with the Children's Hospital of Michigan surgery for pediatric patients primarily provides services for all outpatient surgical needs.
 Old St Mary's Church West Bergholt is a redundant Anglican church in the village of West Bergholt Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at a distance from the village close to West Bergholt Hall.
 Horace O. Moss House also known as Preferred Manor is a historic home located at New Berlin in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1831 and is a 2-story five-by-five-bay fieldstone house with a 1-story frame addition and truncated hip roof with central belvedere. It was reportedly designed by Richard Upjohn and features an elegant Federal period interior. It is located in the New Berlin Historic District.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Nash-Hooper House also known as William Hooper House is a site significant for its association with Francis Nash and William Hooper. Nash who was an American Revolutionary War hero and general who was killed at the Battle of Germantown in 1777 had built the house in 1772. William Hooper a signer of the Declaration of Independence purchased the home in 1782 and lived there until his death in 1790.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 Bakkehuset (lit. The Hill House) is a historic house museum in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Dating from the 1520s it has served a number of functions over the years including as a farmhouse inn private home psychiatric hospital and orphanage. It is particularly associated with the Danish Golden Age when it was ovned by Knud Lyne Rahbek and his wife Kamma Rahbek used it as a venue for her salons.
 Allington Castle is a stone-built moated castle in Allington just north of Maidstone Kent in England.
 The Squirrels is a historic estate located at Highland Falls in Orange County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story frame and clapboard structure with a multi-gabled roof. A two-story frame wing was added to the original farmhouse about 1856 and the house redesigned by noted architect Calvert Vaux. Also on the property is a one-story gatehouse with a mansard roof.
 The Khor Virap (Armenian: Խոր Վիրապ meaning deep pit or deep well) is an Armenian Apostolic Church monastery located in the Ararat valley in Armenia near the border with Turkey about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Artashat Ararat Province.
 The Dutchess County Courthouse is located at 10 Market Street in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is the third county courthouse to stand on that site.The first was authorized by the provincial assembly in 1717 and built in 1720 and would host New York's debate on ratifying the U.S. Constitution during the brief period when Poughkeepsie served as the state capital in 1788. It was destroyed in an 1806 fire.
 Jumbo Church of Christ is a historic church in Melbourne Arkansas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 Keefer Station Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Upper Augusta Township in Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It is a 109-foot-long (33 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1888. It crosses the Shamokin Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Maison Alcan (English: Alcan House) is the world headquarters for Alcan now part of Rio Tinto Alcan and is located on Sherbrooke Street in the Golden Square Mile district of Montreal.
 The Gran Torre Santiago (Spanish for Grand Santiago Tower) previously known as Torre Gran Costanera is a 64-story tall skyscraper under construction in Santiago Chile.
 Harbor Club Condominiums is a high-rise residential building in San Diego California composed of two towers of equal height. The 41-story towers have a height of 424 feet (129 m) and are a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. Located in the Marina district of Downtown San Diego Harbor Club was designed by architects BPA Architecture Planning Interiors. The condos are located near the San Diego Convention Center and Petco Park.
 Tyldesley Little Theatre is a small theatre in Lemon Street Tyldesley Greater Manchester England and is the home of the amateur dramatic society that had its first production at the theatre in 1921. The theatre has been described as 'one of the few remaining authentic back street theatres'.The theatre building started life as Church House built by subscription in 1905 and managed by a committee from St George's Church.
 The Bryan Whitfield Herring House is a circa 1840 plantation home located in Duplin County North Carolina.
 The Ford Motor Company's Kansas City Assembly plant in Claycomo Missouri is a large automotive manufacturing plant which has been called the largest car manufacturing plant in the United States in terms of units produced. Fortune Magazine noted that in 2004 it was producing 490000 units a year generating a buzz that it produces a truck a minute.The plant is about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of the Kansas City Missouri city center.
 Golda's Mill was a historic water mill in Adair County Oklahoma near Stilwell. It was built in about 1882 by Dr. Nicholas Bitting on the site of an older mill. It had an overshot water wheel which was 20 feet in diameter. The original wooden wheel was replaced by a steel wheel in 1908. The mill was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The mill continued in operation until 1983 when it was destroyed by fire.
 Dill Farm is located off Steen Road in the Town of Shawangunk New York United States. It was first established by the Dill family in the 1760s and remains in use as a farm today.The farmhouse is an early surviving example of a vernacular frame house in the region. It and all accessory buildings date to the early 19th century and are mostly intact save for a few modifications. The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The William Boyd House also known as All Bright Hill is a circa 1800 double-pen house in Franklin Tennessee United States.The W.A. Boyd farm was one of the largest farms or plantations in Williamson County both before and after the American Civil War. After the war many of these were reduced in size but the Boyd farm which included the Boyd Mill and the William Boyd House had 528 acres.
 People's Bank is a historic bank building located at Weirton Hancock County West Virginia. It was built in 1930 and is a small Classical Revival building constructed of concrete steel brick and stone. The building is one story with a lower level. It consists of a higher front portion than the rear due to the interior space of the main lobby. The front facade is of cream glazed brick with Indiana limestone details.
 The Pine Bank Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Studa Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Penns Neck Baptist Church (also known as Red Lion Tavern; Princeton Baptist Church at Penns Neck) is a historic church on US 1 at Princeton-Hightstown Road in Princeton Mercer County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1807. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Sycamore Dale (also known as the Gibson-Wirgman-Williams House) is a 19th-century Greek Revival plantation home overlooking the South Branch Potomac River southwest of Romney West Virginia. Sycamore Dale is one of several historic estates along South Branch River Road (County Route 8). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 2 1980.
 South Parish Congregational Church and Parish House is a historic church on Church Street in Augusta Maine.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Joshua Pusey House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1800 and is a two-story four bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. It has a one-story kitchen wing with a bay window.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bahia Center is a skyscraper in Oran Algeria. This 31-floor tower houses a shopping mall and a 500-room hotel.
 St. Matthew Evangelical Lutheran School is a historic Lutheran school building at 2101-2107 W. 21st Street in Chicago Illinois.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Telephone Building is a building in Denver Colorado United States that served as the headquarters of the Mountain States Telephone & Telegraph Company later known as Mountain Bell. Constructed in a variant of the Gothic Revival style named Modern American Perpendicular Gothic the building was designed by local architect William N. Bowman. The new building completed in 1929 was built to provide dial telephone service for the first time in Denver.
 The Swedish Heritage Center is a museum of Swedish memorabilia located at 301 N. Charde in Oakland Nebraska. The museum displays artifacts brought by Swedish pioneers including Swedish crystal linens and needlework.
 The Beacon Street Tomb is a historic receiving tomb in the Lakeside Cemetery of Wakefield Massachusetts. It is a single story Greek Revival structure built of ashlar granite. On its south elevation which faces Beacon Street there are four Doric columns supporting a pedimented gable with a louvered oculus window. There are no windows and a double-leaf door on the southern elevation.
 Governor's House also known as Director's Quarters Togus Veterans' Administration Center is a building in Togus Maine that was the first veterans' home in the United States.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The Central Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the historic village center of Millville Massachusetts. Its spine is Central Street the main north-south artery through the town running from Main Street in the north to just south of Quaker Street in the south. The district includes adjoining properties on a number of side streets.
 Cheltenham Mall or Cheltenham Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall along Cheltenham Avenue between Ogontz Avenue (PA 309) and Washington Lane on the border of Philadelphia and Wyncote Pennsylvania. This mall opened in 1959. Cheltenham Square Mall was enclosed in 1981. It is generally marketed towards the African American shopper and draws most of its customers from Northwest Philadelphia.
 The Theodore Baird Residence also known as Baird House is a suburban house designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright and located at 38 Shays Road in Amherst Massachusetts USA. It is the only Wright design in Massachusetts.The Usonian house was planned and built in 1940 for Amherst College English professor Theodore Baird. The Bairds became interested in Wright's work after reading his autobiography and submitted a commission to him.
 The Palacio Fuentes is considered one of the architectural landmarks in Rosario Argentina. The eclectic edifice in a predominant Beaux-Arts style is located at 722 Sarmiento Street in the heart of Rosario's business district at the intersection with Santa Fe St. The palace was named after Juan Fuentes Echeverría the businessman who commissioned the construction of the building that today still bears his name.
 Walnut Grove Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Grove and Railroads Streets in Methuen Massachusetts. The still active cemetery sits on 14 acres (57000 m2) and is privately funded with a Board of Directors.Within the cemetery is the Tenney Memorial Chapel given by the Daniel G. Tenney in 1927 as a memorial to his parents Charles H. Tenney and Fannie Haseltine (Gleason) Tenney. The chapel was designed by architect Grosvenor Atterbury.
 The Thomas Nelson Page House is an historic house located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975. The building currently serves as headquarters for the American Institute for Cancer Research.
 Bronx Central Annex-U.S. Post Office is a historic post office building located at the Bronx New York United States. It was built from 1935 to 1937 and designed by consulting architect Thomas Harlan Ellett (1880-1951) for the Office of the Supervising Architect. Constructed of smooth gray brick and is surrounded by a granite terrace the building features graceful window openings set within marble arches.
 St Luke's Church Torver is in the village of Torver Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St. Francis Street Methodist Church officially St. Francis Street United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist Church building in Mobile Alabama United States. The current structure was built in 1896 by the architectural firm of Watkins and Johnson. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 05 1984.Holland Nimmons McTyeire (1824-1889) met his wife Amelia Townsend (1827-1891) in this church.
 County Hall is a historic former courthouse (Grade II* listed) in Coventry's Cathedral Quarter. It was designed by architect Samuel Eglinton and opened in 1783. Land adjacent to the building was used as a gaol; the Prison Governor's House is still attached to the building. It is thought that the building may have been a second guildhall in Coventry in addition to St Mary's Guildhall.
 The Academy of Medicine in midtown Atlanta Georgia was built in 1941 and housed the Medical Association of Atlanta until the 1970s.
 The Old Corner Bookstore is a historic building in the center of Boston Massachusetts. It is located at the corner of Washington and School Streets along the Freedom Trail of revolutionary and early American historic sites.
 The Col. Benjamin Simond House is a historic house at 643 Simonds Road in Williamstown Massachusetts. The colonial style wood frame house was built in 1770 by Benjamin Simonds a veteran of the French and Indian Wars who was one of Williamstown's early settlers. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and now houses a bed and breakfast.Simonds was in the military from his teens until his later years.
 Woodlands is a historic home located at Perryville Cecil County Maryland United States. It appears to have been constructed in two principal periods: the original 2 1⁄2-story section built between 1810 and 1820 of stuccoed stone and a 1 1⁄2-story rear kitchen wing; and two bays of stuccoed brick with double parlors on the first story and a one-story glazed conservatory constructed between 1840 and 1850. The home features Greek Revival details.
 Fairbanks-Williams House is a historic house located at 19 Elm Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built for W.W. Fairbanks in 1852 and is the only documented residence in the city to be designed by noted architect Richard Upjohn who designed several public buildings and churches in the area during the mid-1800s. It was later owned by Abiathar King Williams a local textile manufacturer from 1865 to 1890.
 The Forum Value (also known as Factory Outlet Mall) is a shopping mall located at Whitefield Bangalore Karnataka India developed by Prestige Group. Its one of the first initiative of having mall for factory outlets of leading brands along with the supermarket entertainment cinemas and food court.
 Oakley is a historic home and farm located near Upperville Fauquier County Virginia. It was built between 1853 and 1857 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay T-shaped brick Italianate style dwelling with a cross-gable roof. The house sits on an English basement and features tall decorative paneled chimneys semi-hexagonal bays in each gable end a central two-story pavilion and a glazed cupola.
 McFarland Mall was a regional 497000-square-foot (46200 m2) shopping mall on Skyland Boulevard (U.S. Route 11) in Tuscaloosa Alabama. Located near the interchange of Interstate 20/59 with McFarland Boulevard (U.S. Route 82) it is in the southern section of the city. Opening in February 1969 the mall replaced Woods Square Shopping Center and Leland Shopping Center as the main commercial retail center in the Tuscaloosa area.
 Reward-Tilden's Farm or The Reward is a historic home located at Chestertown Kent County Maryland. It is a three bay long two bay deep two story brick dwelling which appears to have been constructed in the 1740s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St. George's Cathedral is an Anglican (Episcopal) cathedral in Jerusalem established in 1899. It is the seat of the Bishop of Jerusalem of the Episcopal Church in Jerusalem and the Middle East.The church was built by the fourth bishop of the diocese George Francis Popham Blyth. Most of the missionaries present in Palestine at the time were Evangelical Anglicans but Blyth was from the Anglo-Catholic party of the Church of England.
 The Kiev TV Tower (Ukrainian: Телевізійна вежа Televiziyna vezha) is a 385 m-high (1263 ft) lattice steel tower built in 1973 in Kiev Ukraine for radio and television broadcasting. It is the tallest freestanding lattice steel construction in the world. The tower is not open to the public.Construction began in 1968 and finished in 1973 at a cost of approximately $12 million. Made of steel pipe of various diameters and thicknesses the structure weighs 2700 tonnes.
 The Central Station (also known as the Sebring Fire Station) is a historic site in Sebring Florida United States. It is located at 301 North Mango Street. On August 14 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The York Dispatch Newspaper Offices is a historic commercial building located at York Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1887 and is a four-story four bay brick building in the Italianate Revival style. The building consists of two independent sections connected by an overhead walkway. The front facade is built of cast iron and pressed metal and features decorative pilasters and long slender windows.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Scottdale Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Scottdale Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1929 and is a one-story rectangular brick building executed in the Art Deco style. The administrative area is located on the basement level with the drill hall on the first floor. A one-story brick annex was added about 1950.It was designed by architect Joseph F. Kuntz.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St. Kevin's Church opened in Harrington St. Dublin in 1872 to serve the Roman Catholic parish of St. Kevin which had been split from St. Catherine's in 1855. It was named after the nearby St. Kevin's church in Camden Row which dated back to at least the 12th century but which had become Protestant after the reformation.In November 1903 a new organ was acquired and the grissille stained glass the largest of its kind in Ireland installed. The work was done by Mssrs. Early and Co.
 The Jackson County Courthouse located at Main Street and Broadway in Altus is the county courthouse serving Jackson County Oklahoma. Construction began on the courthouse in 1910 two years after Altus became the permanent county seat of Jackson County and was completed in 1911. Architecture firm C.E. Hair and Company designed the building in the Classical Revival style; it was the first county courthouse the firm planned in Oklahoma.
 Bewdley is a historic plantation home located near St. Stephens Church King and Queen County Virginia. It was built in the third quarter of the 18th century and is a large two-story L-shaped brick dwelling. It has a hipped roof with a 20th-century modillion cornice. The front facade features an early 19th-century pedimented dwarf portico supported on four Tuscan order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 IPC Shopping Centre (renamed on 11 March 2011; formerly known as Ikano Power Centre) is a shopping mall located in Mutiara Damansara Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia. It houses 10 anchor tenants including IKEA franchised-owned and managed by Ikano Pte. Ltd. The current 10 anchor tenants are: IKEA Padini Concept Store Brands Outlet Cold Storage Harvey Norman Aussino Macy Popular Bookstore IT Hypermarket. Toy 'R' Us.
 The Otis Elevator Company Building is a commercial building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The single-story building became the Otis Elevator Company's Portland headquarters in 1920 and was used for offices servicing and parts storage. It remained in use by the Otis company until 1975.
 One Park Avenue (EP 07 Tower) or East Park 07 Tower is a supertall skyscraper proposed for construction in Dubai UAE. The building will stand 600 m (1969 ft) tall with 125 floors. The tower will be energy efficient and utilize green building elements like pumps to circulate air from the cooler top floors down to the warmer bottom floors. The 125-story building has a curvy design which contains steel ribbons for solar power generation.
 Settlers' Green Outlet Village founded in 1988 is an outlet shopping center in North Conway New Hampshire which was built in the location of the former White Mountain Airport (New Hampshire). It offers a large selection of tax-free outlets.
 The Cedarburg Mill is a gristmill in Cedarburg Wisconsin that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1855 by Frederick Hilgen and William Schroeder to replace the wooden gristmill they had built in 1844. The architect and builder was Burchard Weber. At five stories high Cedarburg Mill was the tallest building in Cedarburg when it was built and at the time cost $22000. The mill is built on Cedar Creek.
 Jomfruens Egede is a manor house located three kilometres north-west of Faxe a small town some 40 km south of Copenhagen Denmark. It owes its current appearance to Sophie Amalie Moth who in the late 18th century altered it with the assistance of Caspar Frederik Harsdorff and Joseph Christian Lillie. The National Museum of Denmark has described it as possibly the finest example from the period.
 The Mauritshuis (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈmɔurɪtsɦœys] Maurice House) is a major pictorial art museum in The Hague Netherlands housing the Royal Cabinet of Paintings. This consists of about 800 paintings primarily Dutch Golden Age paintings by among others Johannes Vermeer Rembrandt van Rijn Jan Steen Paulus Potter and Frans Hals as well as several works of the German painter Hans Holbein the Younger.
 Bánffy Castle (or Bonţida Bánffy Castle) is an architectonic Baroque monument situated in Bonţida a village in the vicinity of Cluj-Napoca Romania. It was owned by the Bánffy family (of which Miklós Bánffy was a member).
 Roycroft was a reformist community of craft workers and artists which formed part of the Arts and Crafts movement in the USA. Elbert Hubbard founded the community in 1895 in the village of East Aurora Erie County New York near Buffalo. Participants were known as Roycrofters. The work and philosophy of the group often referred to as the Roycroft movement had a strong influence on the development of American architecture and design in the early 20th century.
 The First Colored Baptist Church in Memphis Tennessee also known as First Baptist Church--Lauderdale was built in 1939 in a Colonial Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Planter Road – Jackson Creek Bridge is a bridge located on Planter Road over Jackson Creek in Wakefield Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The bridge was constructed in 1923 using a design from the Michigan State Highway Department. It is 52 feet (16 m) long and 20 feet (6.1 m) wide. It is a steel plate girder bridge; a variety of bridge that was commonly used in states such as Pennsylvania and New York but is relatively rare in Michigan.
 The Kreeger Museum is a private museum located in Washington D.C. at the former home of David and Carmen Kreeger and first opened in 1994. The collection features 19th- and 20th-century paintings and sculptures with works by internationally known artists such as Boudin Cézanne Epstein Kandinsky Monet Moore Munch Picasso Rodin Stella and van Gogh together with works by local Washington artists such as Sam Gilliam and traditional west and central African art.
 The Hadim Ibrahim Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Hadım İbrahim Paşa Camii) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Silivrikapi district of Istanbul Turkey.
 The Chiesa di Santa Maria del Giglio is a church in Venice Italy.The church whose name translates into St. Mary of the Lily referring to the flower classically depicted as being presented by the Angel Gabriel during the Annunciation) is more commonly known as Santa Maria Zobenigo after the Jubanico family who founded it in the 9th century. The edifice is situated on the Campo Santa Maria Zobenigo west of the Piazza San Marco.
 Ragley Hall (grid reference SP073555) is located south of Alcester Warwickshire eight miles (13 km) west of Stratford-upon-Avon. It is the ancestral seat of the Marquess of Hertford and is one of the stately homes of England.
 The Renaissance Blackstone Hotel (formerly Blackstone Hotel) is located on the corner of Michigan Avenue and Balbo Street in the Michigan Boulevard Historic District in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. This 290-foot (88 m) 21-story hotel was built from 1908 to 1910 and designed by Marshall and Fox. On May 29 1998 the Blackstone Hotel was designated as a Chicago Landmark. The hotel was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1986.
 Fairview Presbyterian Church in Lawrenceville Georgia USA is the state's oldest still-running Presbyterian church first opening on Sunday August 10 1823. The church consists of four distinct areas: a sanctuary a fellowship hall a graveyard and an office/Sunday school/Korean worship building. Despite its age it is well cared for receiving updates and repairs whenever and wherever they are needed including but not limited to pews security cameras extra rooms and a speaker system.
 The Water Club is a hotel that is connected to the Borgata and is located in Atlantic City New Jersey.
 The Hassan Basha Mosque (Arabic: مسجد حسن الباشا‎ Masjid Hassan El-bacha) is a mosque in Oran built in 1797 during the reign of Mohamed Bey large order of Baba Hassan Basha of Algiers (the expulsion of the Moors). First imam of the mosque Sheikh Sidi Mohamed El-Sunni Al-Mahaji.
 Restaurant La Diligence is a former restaurant located in Beek in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1974-1975 and 1979-1985.In 1985 Bèr Smeets was head chef.The restaurant was located in a villa on the Maastrichterlaan which was demolished in 1992.
 Port Phillip Prison is a maximum security prison located at Truganina Victoria Australia. It is Victoria's largest prison able to accommodate up to 824 prisoners. The prison is privately operated on behalf of the Government of Victoria by G4S Australia Pty Ltd.
 The Bush House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1919 in Bungalow/Craftsman style designed by architects Thompson & Harding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Lewis House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1875 and is a modest eclectic 1 1⁄2-story frame house with an attached 3 1⁄2-story tower and a 1-story side wing with a shed roof. The tower is in the Second Empire style with a distinctive mansard roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Anne's Church Thwaites is located in the village of Thwaites Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Millon the archdeaconry of Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St George Millom Holy Trinity Millom and St Luke Haverigg. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Columbus Center is a 357 ft (109m) tall skyscraper located at 100 East Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1964 and has 25 floors. It is the 12th tallest building in Columbus and was the tallest constructed in the 1960s. The building served as the headquarters of Bank One prior to its merger with First Chicago NBD and formerly was known as the Bank One Tower.
 The William D. Bishop Cottage Development Historic District is a 3.1 acres (1.3 ha) historic district in Bridgeport Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It has work dating from 1840; it has works designed by Palliser & Palliser and by Gould Bros.; it includes Gothic Queen Anne Italianate Greek Revival and other architecture. It has also been known as Cottage Park Historic District. The listing included 47 contributing buildings.
 Hay Lake School is a schoolhouse in the northern part of Washington County Minnesota United States just west of Marine on St. Croix. Rural School District #2 was established in Washington County in 1855. Before the Hay Lake School building was built in 1896 classes were initially held in homes and then in the old Elim Lutheran Church building. The school continued to operate in this location until 1963 when it was closed.
 Rosenburg is a castle in the municipality Rosenburg-Mold Lower Austria Austria. It is situated on a cliff above the valley of the river Kamp. It is one of Austria's most visited Renaissance castles. There has been a castle on this site since the 12th century. The castle was reconstructed in Renaissance style in 1593-1597 and it was further expanded in the course of the 17th century. After neglection and fires in the 18th and 19th centuries the castle was renovated between 1859 and 1889.
 The Water Tower in Simpelveld was built in 1929–1930 by the contractor Meijer from Voerendaal for the nearby miljoenenlijn railway. It has been a heritage site since 2001 (nr 518643) together with the railway turntable which is only a few meters removed.The water tower is 8.85 metres (29.0 ft) high built on raised terrain. The round water storage has a diameter of 5.1 metres (17 ft). A dividing wall splits it into two halves of 25 cubic metres (880 cu ft) each.
 Forestville Baptist Church is a historic church located in Wake Forest North Carolina a satellite town of the state capital Raleigh. Constructed in 1860 the church building is a combination of Greek Revival and Italianate architecture. In October 1984 Forestville Baptist Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse Wheeling West Virginia is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia located in the city of Wheeling West Virginia. Built in 1907 the building still serves its original function and was renovated and expanded in 1937 and again in 2004. In 1979 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as a contributing building to the Wheeling Historic District.
 The National Maritime Museum (called 국립해양박물관 in Korean) is a Korean maritime museum and the third largest museum in South Korea. The museum was inaugurated on July 9 2012 and is located in Dongsam-dong Yeongdo-gu Busan.The museum exhibits more than 12000 maritime relics including the ‘Joseon Missional Ship’ which is the largest replica in South Korea - half the size of the actual ship.
 The Michigan State Fair Riding Coliseum Dairy Cattle Building and Agricultural Building are three buildings located on the grounds of the Michigan State Fair in Detroit Michigan. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Alfred H. Richards House is a historic house at 354 Highland Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Augusta Mall is a two level super-regional shopping mall located in Augusta Georgia. It opened on August 3 1978 one week after the now-defunct Regency Mall. It is one of the largest malls in the state of Georgia and it is the largest mall in the Augusta metro area. Augusta Mall has five anchors: Dillard's JCPenney Sears Macy's and Dick's Sporting Goods. Barnes & Noble serves as a junior anchor to the mall.
 County Bridge No. 54 is a historic stone arch bridge located near Prospectville in Whitemarsh Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1841 and rebuilt in 1916. It has three 28-foot-long (8.5 m) spans with an overall length of 125-foot (38 m). The bridge crosses a branch of Wissahickon Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Luanco) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 In 1865 Lot Kapuaiwa Kalanikapuapaikalaninui Ali`iolani Kalanimakua His Majesty King Kamehameha V with the authority of the Constitution of the Kingdom of Hawaii established the Order of Kamehameha I a Knightly Order established to promote and defend the sovereignty of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi.
 Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station Oakland is a historic railway station located at Oakland Garrett County Maryland. It is a large brick structure with a two-story central section and one-story wings extending from each end along the railroad tracks. It was designed by Baldwin and Pennington and built in 1884 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to support the development of Oakland and Garrett County as a resort area.
 Dr. John Lord House is a historic home located at Busti in Chautauqua County New York. It is a two-and-a-half-story wood-frame Gothic Revival–style residence built in 1867.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Bjerkvik Church (Norwegian: Bjerkvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjerkvik. The church is part of the Bjerkvik parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Round Barn Buckingham Township is an historic structure located north of Traer in Tama County Iowa United States. It was built in 1920 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 50 feet (15 m) around. The structure is constructed in clay tile and features an aerator and a segmented two-pitch roof.
 The former Second Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church building located at 651 Dolores Street corner of Cumberland Street across from Dolores Park in the Mission District of San Francisco California. Built in 1905 it was designed by noted San Francisco architect William H. Crim in the Classical Revival and Beaux Arts styles of architecture.
 St. James's Hospital (Irish: Ospidéal Naomh Séamas) also known as SJH is the largest university teaching hospital in Dublin Ireland. Its academic partner is the University of Dublin. The Teaching Centre was opened in 1994 and it incorporates the clinical departments of the Medical School Unit for Dietetics and Nutrition the Nursing School Postgraduate Centre and the library of the Faculty of Health Sciences.
 The Three Sisters of Nauset are a trio of historic lighthouses off Cable Road in Eastham Massachusetts. One of them The Beacon remained in service longer than the others.
 St. Louis Children's Hospital provides a full range of pediatric services to the St. Louis Missouri metropolitan area and a primary service region covering six states. As the pediatric teaching hospital for Washington University School of Medicine St. Louis Children's Hospital offers nationally recognized programs for physician training and research. The hospital has 258 licensed beds 3000 employees 700 medical staff members and 1300 auxiliary members and volunteers.
 The Lawrence L. Knoebel Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania and Ralpho Township in Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It is a 40-foot-long (12 m) modified Queen Post Truss bridge with a wood shingled roof constructed in 1875. It was moved to its present located between 1935 and 1937. It crosses the South Branch of Roaring Creek.
 Colborne Lodge is a historical museum located in an 1836s home in Toronto's High Park. John George Howard an architect engineer and prominent Toronto citizen built this house which became the property of the city following his death in 1890.
 The Coptic Museum is a museum in Coptic Cairo Egypt with the largest collection of Egyptian Christian artifacts in the world. It was founded by Marcus Simaika Pasha in 1908 to house Coptic antiquities. The museum traces the history of Christianity in Egypt from its beginnings to the present day.
 The Federal Office Building at 90 Church Street includes the United States Postal Service's Church Street Station which is responsible for the 10048 ZIP code in New York City.
 The Farley-Hutchinson-Kimball House is a historic house and barn at 461A and 463 North Road in Bedford Massachusetts. The property consists of a house whose oldest portions date to c. 1732 and an attached barn from the late 19th century that has been converted to residential use. The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.The main block of the house a 2.5 story five bay timber frame structure was probably built c.
 Carpenter-Lippincott House is a historic home located at Centreville New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1840 and is a three-story stuccoed stone dwelling in the Italianate-style. It consists of two well-defined rectangular blocks. The main block is surmounted by a square cupola on its low-hipped roof with projecting eaves and it features an enclosed porch with cast iron lattice work.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Cooper Street Historic District is a historic district located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The district goes from 2nd Street to 7th Street along Cooper Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 7 1989.
 Edison Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Fort Myers Florida. The mall opened in 1965 with J.C. Penney and Sears making it the first mall to contain both stores. It was expanded in 2007. Owned by Simon Property Group the mall also includes two Macy's stores and a Dillard's with more than 160 stores and a lifestyle center section.
 Science Center Nemo is a science center in Amsterdam Netherlands. It is located at the Oosterdok in Amsterdam-Centrum situated between the Oosterdokseiland and Kattenburg. The museum has its origins in 1923 and is housed in a building designed by Renzo Piano since 1997. It contains five floors of hands-on science exhibitions and is the largest science center in the Netherlands. It attracts annually over 500000 visitors which makes it the fifth most visited museum in the Netherlands.
 Vigilant Fire Company Firemen's Monument is a historic monument located at Washington Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was erected in 1909 and is a 16 foot high granite monument on a concrete base. It incorporates a 7 foot tall statute of an early 20th-century fireman with a handlebar mustache pointed fire hat fire coat and boots and holding a young girl in both arms. The plot includes three burials.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Schermerhorn Row Block is now part of South Street Seaport in lower Manhattan in New York City. The first buildings Schermerhorn Row on Fulton Street were built in 1811.
 Kakskerta Church (Finnish: Kakskerran kirkko Swedish: Kakskerta kyrka) is located in Turku Finland on the island Kakskerta. The seaside church is one of the three churches in the Turku Martin parish union. According to legend the local fishermen got a surprise from the sea with a huge catch of delicious fish. They believed that the area was blessed and the residents of the island decided to build their own church.Kakskerta Church was built in 1765–1769 and dedicated in 1770.
 The Church of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 754 Gun Hill Road Williamsbridge Bronx New York City New York. The parish was established in 1902-1903. The third pastor (appointed in 1906) the Rev. Contantino Cassaneti was chaplain on the public work of the Croton Dam and had the temporary chapels of St. Michael and St.
 Bausch & Lomb Place is a skyscraper located in Rochester New York. It is the second tallest building in Rochester standing at 401 feet (122 meters) with 20 floors. It is used as the world headquarters for the eye-care company Bausch & Lomb.
 The Château de Saint Romain is a ruined castle in the commune of Siaugues-Sainte-Marie (previously in the former commune of Siaugues-Saint-Romain and hence the name) in the Haute-Loire département of France.The fief was known in the 13th century as being held by the brother of Saint-Louis IX of France Alphonse de Poitiers. The castle was protected by an external enceinte of which only terraces and two towers at the entry gate remain.
 St. Mary's Church South Stoneham is one of the two remaining medieval churches in the city of Southampton England. Parts of the building date from the Norman period and the chancel arch is 12th century. The church lies in a secluded position off Wessex Lane near the north-eastern edge of Southampton and is almost hidden in the Southampton University accommodation campus.
 Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site is a historic chimney and archaeological site located at Alcove in Albany County New York. It consists of the surviving 1844 Valley Paper Mill chimney and the site of the former straw pulp paper mill. The chimney is a rectangular brick tapered structure measuring 9.5 feet by 9.5 feet at its base and rising 110 feet. The mill was destroyed by fire in 1891 and the site leveled and filled.
 The King George III Museum was a museum within King's College London England between 1843 and 1927 which held the collections of scientific instruments of George III as well as eminent nineteenth-century scientists including Sir Charles Wheatstone and Charles Babbage.
 The Hollenstein Wagon and Carriage Factory is located in Mayville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Luke's Church Slyne with Hest is in Manor Lane Slyne-with-Hest Lancaster Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tunstall the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Saviour Aughton and St Wilfrid Halton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 El Museo del Barrio often known simply as El Museo (the museum) is a museum located in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan. It is located towards the northern end of Museum Mile immediately north of the Museum of the City of New York and south of the future Museum for African Art. Founded in 1969 El Museo specializes in Latin American and Caribbean art with an emphasis on works from Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican community in New York City.
 The Escoe Building also known as the Simmons Building was at 228-230 N. 2nd St. Muskogee Oklahoma. It was a two-story brick office building built in 1908 and demolished in 1988.The Escoe Building was the only professional building in Muskogee's black district and housed the first black-owned bank in Oklahoma. It was also known as the Simmons Building because it housed the Simmons Royalty Co. Oklahoma's first major oil business owned by a black family.
 Von Cramm Cooperative Hall is a student operated house on the West Campus of Cornell University in Ithaca New York State. The house was founded in 1956 by a grant from Thomas Gilchrist to form a memorial house at the university in memory of his close friend Baron Von Cramm.
 The Ruby Valley Pony Express Station located at 1515 Idaho St. in Elko Nevada was built in 1860 in Ruby Valley Nevada. It was moved in 1960 approximately 60 miles (97 km) to Elko during the centennial anniversary year for the Pony Express and then restored and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 INTEGRIS Southwest Medical Center is a comprehensive hospital located in southwest Oklahoma City Oklahoma.The INTEGRIS Cancer Institute of Oklahoma the INTEGRIS Southwest Breast Health and Imaging Center INTEGRIS Jim Thorpe Rehabilitation the INTEGRIS Neuromuscular Center the INTEGRIS M.J. and S. Elizabeth Schwartz Sleep Disorders Center and the INTEGRIS James R. Daniel Stroke Center are INTEGRIS Health Centers of Excellence on the INTEGRIS Southwest hospital campus in Oklahoma City.
 First Church of Christ Scientist located at 809 South Flagler Drive in West Palm Beach Florida is an historic structure that on December 3 1998 was determined to be eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places. However the owner objected to the property being listed on the Register. It is still a functioning Christian Science church.
 Bruvik Church (Norwegian: Bruvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bruvik. The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1867 by the architect Frederik Hannibal Stockfleth. The church seats about 350 people.This is the third church building to stand on this site. The original church from the middle ages was a stave church.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at the junction of Main and Market Streets in Searcy Arkansas.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Mayfair Hotel is a historic hotel in downtown St. Louis Missouri. The Mayfair was founded by hotelier Charles Heiss from Bavaria. Heiss had previous hotel experience in Europe Canada and America including time as the assistant manager at the Knickerbocker in New York and with Statler Hotels (an early American hotel chain) where he had managed their Detroit hotel. Mr. Heiss was transferred to St.
 1000 Park Avenue is an apartment building on the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is located at the northwest corner of the intersection of Park Avenue and East 84th Street.It was built in 1915-16 by the developers Bing & Bing from a design by Emery Roth. The brown brick structure is 13 stories tall with some Gothic-inspired stone and terra cotta decoration. Two carved figures in medieval dress near the main entrance are said to represent the Bing brothers.
 The Ukrainian Cultural Heritage Village (Ukrainian: Село спадщини української культури translit. Selo spadshchyny ukrains’koi kul’tury) is an open-air museum that uses costumed historical interpreters to recreate pioneer settlements in east central Alberta Canada. In particular it shows the lives of Ukrainian Canadian settlers from the years 1899 to 1930.
 Piraeus Bank Tower is an under construction office building in Bucharest with a total of 15 floors and a surface area of 15000 m2.
 The Old Mississippi State Capitol also known as Old Capitol Museum or Old State Capitol is a building that is a Mississippi State Historic Site and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1990.It is located at 100 N. State St on the east side of State Street at Capitol Street in Jackson. It is operated as a museum by the state of Mississippi. The building dates from 1837 and was the Mississippi statehouse until 1903. Among the features is a rotunda dome 94 feet high.
 St Pabo's Church Llanbabo is a medieval church in Llanbabo in Anglesey North Wales. Much of the church dates to the 12th century and it is regarded as a good example of a church of its period that has retained many aspects of its original fabric. The church houses a tombstone slab from the 14th century depicting a king with crown and sceptre bearing the name of Pabo Post Prydain the reputed founder of the church.
 One Moody Plaza is a 23 floor skyscraper at 1902 Market Street in Downtown Galveston Texas United States. The building was designed by the architectural firm of Neuhaus & Taylor. At its completion in 1972 OneMoody Plaza was the tallest building in all of Galveston County Texas standing 357.6 feet (109 m) tall.The American National Insurance Company one of the top 100 largest companies in the Houston area is headquartered in this building.
 Surp Zoravor Astvatsatsin Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Զօրաւոր Աստուածածին Եկեղեցի; previously Surp Astvatsatsin) is one of the oldest surviving churches of the Armenian capital Yerevan. It was previously called Surp Astvatsatsin but later it was renamed Surp Zoravor most probably in the honour of Saint Vartan Mamikonian. The church is located in the Shahar District of Old Yerevan where the tomb and the Chapel of Ananias the Apostle were previously located.
 299 Queen Street West also known as Bell Media Queen Street is the headquarters of the television/radio broadcast hub of Bell Canada's media unit Bell Media located at the intersection of Queen Street West and John Street in Downtown Toronto Ontario Canada.
 The John Johnston House is a private house located at 415 Park Place in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1958.
 General Oliver Otis Howard House also known as Howard Hall was a home of Union general Oliver Otis Howard. It is now on the campus of Howard University in Washington D.C.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It is located at 2401 Sixth Street NW or 607 Howard Place NW.
 The Museum of Innocence (Turkish: Masumiyet Müzesi) is a museum in the Çukurcuma neighbourhood of the Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey. Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk created the museum in conjunction with his eponymous novel. The museum and the novel were created in tandem centered around the stories of two Istanbul families. The narrative and the museum offer a glimpse into upper-class Istanbul life from the 1970s to the early 2000s.
 Titus-Bunce House is a historic home located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It is a 2-story three-bay structure with a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay side wing. It was built about 1820 with decorative additional made in the 1850s in the Italianate style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 De Lamar (also DeLamar) is a ghost town in Owyhee County Idaho United States. Its elevation is 5463 feet (1665 m) and it is located at 43°1′28″N 116°49′53″W (43.0243249 -116.8315175) approximately six miles west of Silver City. The community lies within an area governed by the Bureau of Land Management.The community formed around the De Lamar Mine which was established in 1888.
 Madron Monastery was a Celtic monastery at Madron in Cornwall UK.
 The Finnish Aviation Museum (Finnish: Suomen ilmailumuseo) is a museum specialising in aircraft located near Helsinki Airport in Veromies Vantaa Finland .
 Notre-Dame Basilica (French: Basilique Notre-Dame de Montréal) is a basilica in the historic district of Old Montreal in Montreal Quebec Canada. The church is located at 110 Notre-Dame Street West at the corner of Saint Sulpice Street.
 Erwin House also known as Erwinton Plantation and Hunting Club is a historic home located near Allendale Allendale County South Carolina. It was built about 1828 and is a 1 1/2-story white clapboard structure built upon a raised brick basement. The front façade is characterized by three dormers and a piazza that extends its entire length as well as halfway down each of the side facades.
 The Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a cathedral serving Roman Catholics in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. It is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile. The cathedral is named for Mary mother of Jesus under her title Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception.
 The Warkworth Institution is a medium-security prison facility located in the municipality of Trent Hills Ontario between the communities of Meyersburg and Warkworth. The prison is the largest federal correctional institution in Canada with a population of approximately 625 housed in five units. It is a male-only facility and generally one-third of the inmates are imprisoned for a sexually-related offence.
 The Tata Memorial Hospital is situated in Parel Mumbai in India. It is a specialist cancer treatment and research centre closely associated with the Advanced Centre for Treatment Research and Education in Cancer (ACTREC). One of the fields of specialization of this hospital is in the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (A.L.L). The hospital claims to treat and cure 99% of the A.L.L patients. This hospital is also one of the few in India to have a P.E.T. scanner.
 The Harker House is a historic home located in Magrath. The house was originally built in 1907 for Bank of Montreal managers and is known as the Harker House located at 79 West Harker Avenue. The first manager to occupy the house was Mabel R.S. in December 1907.
 The Cathedral of Saint Jude the Apostle is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in St. Petersburg Florida United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of St. Petersburg. St. Jude Parish was founded in 1953. The present church building was built in 1963. When Pope Paul VI established the Diocese of Petersburg on March 2 1968 it became the cathedral of the new diocese. The cathedral underwent a $9 million renovation from 2012-2013.
 Somerville is a historic home located near Kenton Kent County Delaware. It is a two-story five bay brick structure with a Victorian cross-gable roof and portico. The rear wing was the original dwelling built about 1798. This section was expanded about 1806. Also on the property is a contributing brick barn. It was the home of Delaware statesman Nicholas Ridgely.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 A.W. Smith Law Building is a modern-styled limestone office building in central Columbia Missouri. It is located at the intersection of Broadway and Stadium Boulevard and sits diagonally across from the Shelter Office Plaza.The A.W. Smith Law Building is home to The A.W. Smith Law Firm P.C.. The building has three separate office suites that are joined by doors through the middle of this 6500 square foot structure. The A.W. Smith Law Firm P.C. occupies the largest suite in the middle.
 The CPF Building is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. The tower is located on 79 Robinson Road in the Shenton Way and Tanjong Pagar zone. The building is near several other skyscrapers such as DBS Building Tower One SIA Building and Capital Tower which are all about 100 metres away. It houses the headquarters of the Central Provident Fund Board (CPF).
 St. Hedwig Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Southbridge Massachusetts United States. Founded December 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
 Šaloun's Villa or Šalounova vila is a studio in Prague designed by and for the sculptor Ladislav Šaloun. The villa was designed and built to construct the Jan Hus Memorial but it was also a meeting place for the Czech intelligentsia. Today the building has been restored and it is used for education.
 Bradley Hospital is a non-profit hospital in East Providence Rhode Island Rhode Island in the Riverside neighborhood. In 1929 the hospital was founded as the nation's first neuropsychiatric hospital for children.
 The Oliver Wight House is a historic house located on Main Street (U.S. Route 20) in Sturbridge Massachusetts. Built in the 1780s the house was first occupied by local cabinet maker Oliver Wight and his family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Georgian style dwelling was operated as a motor lodge by Old Sturbridge Village until 2006.
 St. John's Lutheran College Girls Dormitory (also known as Mundinger Hall) is a historic building on the campus of the former St. John's College at 6th Ave and Gary Street in Winfield Kansas United States. The Late Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1950. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. It was designed by Overend & Boucher.
 The Old Stone Hotel also known as the Warren Community Building or Warren House Hotel was constructed in 1851 as a stagecoach station. It was located closely to the crossing of two stagecoach routes near the Illinois-Wisconsin border in the village of Warren Illinois USA. The building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The SeaWorld SkyTower is an observation tower located in the SeaWorld Orlando theme park complex. The tower is the tallest observation tower in Florida and contains a double decker rotating pod. SkyTower is lit with an array of Electronic Theater Control's LEDs as of February 2013.
 Hünkar (Turkish: Hünkar Lokantası) is a restaurant in Istanbul Turkey founded in 1950 in Fatih and moved in 2000 to Nişantaşı an upscale living and shopping neighborhood. At the same time a branch was also opened in Etiler another upscale quarter. The restaurants are owned and run by restaurateurs Talip Ügümü and his three sons Feridun Galip and Faruk.
 St Andrew's Church Penrith is in the town of Penrith Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Penrith the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church Penrith St John Newton Reigny and St John the Evangelist Plumpton Wall. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Oxford Congregational Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Oxford Maine on King Street on the east side 0.2 miles north of the junction with ME 121.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Lummis House also known as El Alisal is a Rustic American Craftsman stone house built by Charles Fletcher Lummis in the late 19th century. It is located near the Arroyo Seco in northeast Los Angeles California. The house's name means alder grove in Spanish.The property is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument and on the list of the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cedarbrae Mall is a shopping mall in the Scarborough area of Toronto Ontario at the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue. The mall opened in the early 1960s.
 Cranmer Park is a Denver city park located in the Hilltop neighborhood off of Colorado Boulevard between East 1st and East 3rd Avenue. It is most famous for a large astronomical sculpture called a sundial which does double duty as a climbing appliance for children.An inscription at the base describes the axis of the gnomon as elevated 39°43' in the direction of polar north. The stone is perpendicular to the gnomon at 50°17' which makes it parallel to the equator.
 Pusley's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located in what is now Latimer County Oklahoma on the south side of Gains Creek. The station was named for Silas Pusley a trader and member of a prominent Choctaw family. In 1859 the Choctaw Council granted Pusley the right to build a bridge and tollbooth across Gains Creek near his station.Pusley's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#72001068) in 1972.
 Apung Mamacalulu (Santo Entierro of Angeles City) is a statue depicting the dead Christ enshrined in Barangay Lourdes Sur Angeles City Pampanga.Apung Mamacalulu is He who bestows mercy beyond the grave.
 The Musée des tramways à vapeur et des chemins de fer secondaires français (Museum of French steam tramways and secondary railways — MTVS) is located alongside Valmondois railway station in the small town of Butry-sur-Oise in the departement of Val-d'Oise 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Paris. The museum houses a collection of railway vehicles from the former French departmental railways preserved restored and rebuilt by the members of an association.
 Sands Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Sands Point in Nassau County New York. It was established about 1704 and includes burials through 1867. It includes 12 rows of 86 extant headstones. Records indicate the cemetery contains 112 members of the family relatives and friends. It includes a number of notable examples of funerary art.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Wäinö Aaltonen Museum of Art (Finnish: Wäinö Aaltosen museo Swedish: Wäinö Aaltonens museum) or WAM for short is an art museum in central Turku Finland dedicated especially to modern art. The museum is located on the east bank of the Aura River. The permanent exhibition is based on the art collection of City of Turku which includes a large collection of works by Finnish artist and sculptor Wäinö Aaltonen. Temporary exhibitions focus on Finnish and international modern art.
 The Žižkov Television Tower (Czech: Žižkovský vysílač) is a unique transmitter tower built in Prague between 1985 and 1992. Designed by the architect Václav Aulický and the structural engineer Jiří Kozák it stands high above the city's traditional skyline from its position on top of a hill in the district of Žižkov from which it takes its name. The tower is an example of high-tech architecture.
 Sudbrook Park in Petersham was developed by John Campbell 2nd Duke of Argyll in the early 18th century. Sudbrook House designed for Argyll by James Gibbs is considered a fine example of Palladian architecture and for over a century both house and park have been the home of the Richmond Golf Club.
 The Ranch Resort is a family-owned leisure sports exhibition conservation accommodation and conferencing centre within the 1000 hectares (2500 acres) Ranch Conservancy located in the Capricorn District of the Limpopo Province 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Polokwane - the capital city of the Limpopo Province - in South Africa.
 St. John's Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church in Beekman Corners in Schoharie County New York. It is a rectangular gable roofed timber framed structure with narrow clapboard siding in the vernacular Greek Revival style. It was built in 1860 and features an open belfry with plan Tuscan columns that surmounts the staged bell tower above the roof ridgeline.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Willam R. Belknap School is a former school building in the Belknap neighborhood of Louisville Kentucky USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was designated as a local landmark by the Louisville Metro Landmarks Commission in 2001.The school takes its name from the developer of the surrounding neighborhood. In 1995 the Belknap neighborhood association took a geometric motif from the school building for its logo.
 The Chambers Building in Kansas City Missouri was built in 1915. It was designed in Early Commercial style by architect Charles A. Smith. Smith Rae and Lovitt is also associated with the building.The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Cathedral of Mren is a 7th-century Armenian church now in the Kars region of Turkey near the border with Armenia about 1.5 km west of the Akhurian River.The church of Mren is a domed triple-nave basilica.
 The Château de Châtillon-d'Azergues is a ruined castle in the commune of Châtillon (formerly Châtillon-d'Azergues) in the Rhône département of France.The castle's construction is dated to the 13th and 15th centuries. All that remains of the castle is the keep and a tower. The 12th century Chapel of Saint-Barthélémy known as Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours is at the side of the castle.The castle is privately owned and closed to the public.
 St. James Church Santee also known as St. James Episcopal Church Santee is a church near Georgetown South Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Waterloo Historic District encompasses the site of one of the first mills on the Warner River near the Waterloo Falls in Warner New Hampshire. The 50-acre (20 ha) district includes most of the original 60-acre (24 ha) land grant for the mill site. It extends along Waterloo Street and Newmarket Street for a length of about 1 mile (1.6 km) from where Newmarket Street crosses the Warner River to where Waterloo Street crosses a brook.
 The 8500 Tower is a high-rise skyscraper in Bloomington Minnesota. It peaks at 381 feet and is the 26th-tallest building in Minnesota. It is also the tallest building in the suburbs of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area.
 The Log Cabin at present-day 1805 Hancock Street in Bellevue Nebraska was built in the 1830s and is commonly acknowledged as the oldest building in Nebraska.
 The Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at 1001 Hearst Street at Ninth Street (1823 Ninth Street) in Berkeley California. Built in 1878 it was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture by architect Charles L. Bugbee who was associated with his father Samuel C. Bugbee in the San Francisco firm of S. C. Bugbee & Son. Charles L.
 The Portland Club is a social club located at the Hunnewell-Shepley Mansion 156 State Street Portland Maine. The mansion was built in 1805 with later updates to the mansion by John Calvin Stevens (1855–1924). It has housed historical Portland Club since 1921.
 The Blake and Knowles Steam Pump Company National Register District encompasses the historical industrial complex of the Blake and Knowles Steam Pump Company and its successor the Worthington Pump and Machinery Corporation in East Cambridge Massachusetts. It is located in a two block area surrounded by Third Bent Binney and Fifth Streets; Rogers Street passes through the center of the district.
 The Piotrków Trybunalski Royal Castle is a Gothic-Renaissance structure in Piotrków Trybunalski Poland. It was built in the form of a residential tower in the 16th century and was transformed into a museum open to the public in 1919.
 William A. Robinson House is a historic house at 11 Forest Avenue in Auburn Maine.The house was built in 1874 and added to the National Historic Register in 1993.
 MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals and is affiliated with Georgetown University School of Medicine. MedStar Georgetown is a not-for-profit acute-care teaching and research facility located in Northwest Washington DC. MedStar Georgetown’s clinical services represent one of the largest most geographically diverse and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area.
 The Mississippi Mills Packing and Shipping Rooms in Wesson Mississippi were built in 1875. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. According to the NRHP nomination the complex is locallysignificant in the area of industry... representing the importance of the cotton and woolen mills industry to the history anddevelopment of Wesson and the surrounding area.
 The Edmond Ellisom Smart House was built in the 1870 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in Leesville Louisiana.
 CocoWalk is an upscale lifestyle center in the Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami Florida. The center houses over thirty stores and services including a movie theater shops and multiple restaurants. Subsequently renamed The Gallery at CocoWalk by its former owners Thor Equities the mall is currently owned by PMAT Real Estate Investments L. L. C.
 The Castle of Vidigueira is a castle in the civil parish of Vidigueira in the municipality of Vidigueira in the Portuguese subregion of Baixo Alentejo. Although constructed in the first half of the 15th century it is more commonly associated with the first of the Counts of Vidigueira: Vasco da Gama.
 The Pentacrest is a collection of four buildings on the campus of the University of Iowa surrounding the Old Capitol — Jessup Hall Macbride Hall MacLean Hall and Schaeffer Hall — on a four-block-sized parcel of land in Iowa City Iowa.
 New Russia (Russian: Новороссийск; also called Novarassi Slavarassi Slavorossiya Yakutat Colony and Yakutat Settlement) near Yakutat Alaska was a maritime fur trading post and penal colony established by Russians in 1795. It was presumably named after Joseph Billings ship Slava Rossia or Glory of Russia. The post was attacked and destroyed by Tlingits in 1805. It consisted of 7 buildings inside a stockade and 5 buildings outside.
 US Post Office-Ilion is a historic post office building located at Ilion in Herkimer County New York United States. It was built in 1935-1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story seven bay steel frame building on a raised foundation with a brick watercourse in the Colonial Revival style.
 BRAC Bhaban is a commercial-use building located in Dhaka Bangladesh. It is one of the tallest buildings in Dhaka with a height of 64 m (210 ft).The building has 20 floors which are used for commercial purposes.
 Fast Eddys is a fast food and restaurant chain operating in Perth Western Australia and formerly in Adelaide South Australia and Melbourne Victoria. Fast Eddys was founded in 1979 at the west end of the Perth CBD on the corner of Hay Street Perth and Milligan Street.It was most notable at the time of its establishment for being one of the few Perth restaurants open 24 hours a day 7 days a week including public holidays.
 The New Richmond Swing Bridge also known as The Fifty-Seventh Street Bridge is a one lane swing bridge in Michigan. Located in Allegan County's Manlius Township it connected 57th Street with Old Allegan Road over the Kalamazoo River until its closure to vehicular traffic. The name New Richmond comes from a former mining town in the area of the same name.It was built in 1879 at a time when the Kalamazoo River was navigable from Lake Michigan.The bridge's four spans reach 429 feet (131 m).
 The Chymorvah House or Chymorvah Hotel is a hotel on the eastern side of the town of Marazion in Cornwall England UK several miles east of Penzance. It has panoramic views of St Michael's Mount and bay and is located next to the Mount Haven Hotel which is near the coast. The granite structure was built by Richard Rooke Michell a wealthy mine owner in the mid-19th century as a private residence. It contains 9 rooms. In 1885 it was reported to belong to a Major Field.
 Harrisburg Cemetery formerly known as Mount Kalmia Cemetery is a prominent cemetery and national historic district in Harrisburg Pennsylvania located at 13th and Liberty streets in the Allison Hill/East Harrisburg neighborhoods of the city. It was officially founded in 1845 although interments took place for many years before. The cemetery is also the burial ground for American Revolutionary War soldiers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Campo de Cahuenga near the historic Cahuenga Pass in present day Studio City Los Angeles California was an adobe ranch house on the Rancho Cahuenga where the Treaty of Cahuenga was signed between Lieutenant Colonel John C. Frémont and General Andrés Pico in 1847 ending hostilities in California between Mexico and the United States.
 The Church of St Aldhelm in Doulting Somerset England dates from the 12th century. It is a Grade I listed building.The church has a tall spire rather than the towers which are more usual in Somerset. It has a two-storey porch which incorporates a carving of the Green Man into its vaulting.The dedication to St Aldhelm is unusual and arises from the 8th century when King Ine of Wessex gave the local estate to Glastonbury Abbey after his nephew Aldhelm died in the village in 709.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Yazoo City (FCC Yazoo City) is a United States federal prison complex for male offenders in Mississippi.
 Asa Walton House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was originally built about 1810 and rebuilt about 1900 in the Queen Anne style. It is a 2 1/2-story seven bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a slate covered multi-gabled roof. It features a massive conical three-story turret and full width verandah with ornate balustrades and brackets.
 JW Marriott Indianapolis is a hotel in downtown Indianapolis adjacent to the Indiana Convention Center. The new JW Marriott Indianapolis is part of the $450 million Marriott Place consisting of five Marriott hotels all connected to the Indiana Convention Center. The hotel is 34 floors and 376 feet (115 m) tall making it the 7th-tallest building in Indianapolis and tallest hotel in Indiana. The hotel has 1005 guest rooms. The facility also has a 950 space underground parking garage.
 303 East 51st Street is a skyscraper currently under construction as the Halcyon Condos (www.halcyonnyc.com) in the Turtle Bay neighborhood in New York City New York. The residential building is planned to rise 504 ft (154 m) with 44 floors.
 The Church of Our Lady of Fatima (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Fátima) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Pocitos Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 1 May 1954. The temple is dedicated to the Virgin of Fatima. It is held by the Claretians who also run the adjacent private school Colegio y Liceo Nuestra Señora de Fátima (established 1960).
 Downtown Paterson is the main commercial district of Paterson Passaic County New Jersey and was once a shopping mecca for northern New Jersey. Downtown Paterson is bounded by Straight Street on the east; Interstate 80 Route 19 Oliver Street and Spruce Street on the south; the Passaic River West Broadway Cliff Street North 3rd Street Haledon Avenue and the border with Prospect Park on the west; and the Passaic River also to the north.
 The Webb Brothers Block on E. Main Ave. in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1898-1899 and an addition was added in 1906. It has also been known as the Sears Block. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.
 Hanover County Courthouse built in 1735 is an historic courthouse located in Hanover Court House Virginia. In 1763 Patrick Henry who lived and practiced law in Hanover County argued the case of the Parson's Cause a case involving King George III's requirement that Virginians pay taxes to support the local Anglican ministry despite their objections and those of the House of Burgesses.
 Charlottenlund Castle (Swedish: Charlottenlund slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 St Andrew's Church Dacre is located in the village of Dacre Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Penrith the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It stands near to Dacre Castle.
 Belmont School is a historic school building located in the Belmont neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927. It is a three-story brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style.
 The American Museum of Science and Energy (AMSE) is a science museum in Oak Ridge Tennessee designed to teach both children and adults about energy especially nuclear power and to document the role Oak Ridge played in the Manhattan Project. The museum opened as the American Museum of Atomic Energy in 1949 in an old World War II cafeteria on Jefferson Circle.
 The Hilton Buenos Aires is a five star hotel in the Argentine capital. The establishment is located in the city's Puerto Madero section.
 Burg Mauterndorf is a castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.Mautendorf Castle is built on the site of an old Roman fort that dates to 326 AD or earlier. The fort protected the Roman mountain road from Teurnia to the Radstädter Tauern Pass and Iuvavum (Salzburg) and served as residence for the Roman provincial administrator.
 Longwood (c.1785) is a house located at 10417 River Road in East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana. Directly across the street is a levee holding back the Mississippi River.
 Pasonanca Park is a park located in Zamboanga City Philippines.
 Good Samaritan Hospital Medical Center is a 537 bed non-profit teaching hospital located in West Islip New York. The hospital contains one-hundred nursing home beds and operates a Level II trauma center. Good Samaritan Hospital opened in May 1959 and it has expanded several times since opening. It has been Magnet-designed for its quality nursing since 2006 and is a member of Catholic Health Services of Long Island.
 John J. Lincoln House is a historic home located at Elkhorn McDowell County West Virginia. It was built in 1899 and is a 2 1/2 story L-shaped frame dwelling on a stone foundation. It features a multigabled roofline half-timber decoration and a hipped roof wrap-around porch. Also on the property is a contributing two story I house and hipped roof clapboard-sided dairy house. It was built for John J.
 Bemis Hall a Tudor Revival-style building of Colorado College in Colorado Springs Colorado was built as a dormitory in 1908. It was designed by architect Maurice B. Biscoe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.Major donations towards funding the building were provided by General William Jackson Palmer founder of Colorado Springs and Colorado College and by Judson M. Bemis a manufacturer who moved to Colorado Springs in 1881.
 Felt Cobblestone General Store is a historic general store located at the hamlet of East Victor in Victor in Ontario County New York. It was constructed about 1835 and is a two story three bay cobblestone structure in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. It is built of irregularly shaped multi-colored field cobbles.
 The Beardstown Grand Opera House is an opera house on South State Street in Beardstown Cass County Illinois. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 11 2000 and is in the process of restoration.
 Saint Francis De Sales Catholic Church is located at 2900 Woodburn Avenue in the East Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States.The congregation was organized in 1849 and its first building was dedicated on November 3 1850. The parish patron is Saint Francis de Sales. The cornerstone was laid June 30 1878 by Archbishop John Baptist Purcell in the presence of nearly 10000 persons. The edifice was dedicated December 20 1879.
 St Michael's Church Stretton en le Field is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stretton en le Field Leicestershire England (grid reference SK303119). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Orote Field is a former air base in the United States territory of Guam built by the United States Marine Corps and the United States Navy (1921-1931). It was captured by the Imperial Japanese Navy at the start of World War II and remained under Japanese control until the end of July 1944 when it was taken back by the USMC.
 Wingspread also known as the Herbert F. Johnson House is a house designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright for Herbert Fisk Johnson Jr. and built in 1938-1939 in the village of Wind Point near Racine Wisconsin. Its construction was overseen by a young John Lautner. The living room is the center of the home and four wings extend from it to four zones: the master bedroom the children’s rooms the kitchen and servants' quarters and the guestrooms/garage.
 Sendai Mediatheque is a library in Sendai Miyagi Prefecture Japan. It was designed by Toyo Ito in 1995 and completed in 2001.
 Heim Church (Norwegian: Heim kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Heim. The church is part of the Heim parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was built in 1883 to serve the people in the Heim area since the trip to the main Hemne Church in Kyrksæterøra was long and that church was full to capacity. The Heim Church was built by local builders for a cost of NOK 12500.
 The Castle of São Jorge (Portuguese: Castelo de São Jorge; Portuguese pronunciation: [kɐʃˈtɛlu dɨ sɐ̃w̃ ˈʒɔɾʒ(ɨ)]) is a Moorish castle occupying a commanding hilltop overlooking the historic centre of the Portuguese city of Lisbon and Tagus River. The strongly fortified citadel dates from medieval period of Portuguese history and is one of the main tourist sites of Lisbon.
 Barchmann Mansion (Danish: Barchmanns Palæ) is a Baroque style town mansion overlooking Frederiksholm Canal in central Copenhagen Denmark. Built in the early 1740s it is also known as also known as Wedell Mansion (Danish: Wedells Palæ) after the Wedell family who have owned it since 1982.
 Northbrook Court is a very large upscale Super-regional Mall in Northbrook Illinois. The mall is one of the most upscale collection of shops in the United States serving the North Shore suburbs of Chicago. Located on 130 acres (0.53 km2) its three anchor stores are Lord & Taylor Macy's and Neiman Marcus. There is also a 14-screen AMC Theatres on the south side of the mall as well as a free standing Crate & Barrel home store in the northwest corner of the property.
 Bracken Hall Countryside Centre and Museum is a children's museum natural history education centre and nature centre established in 1989 at Bracken Hall on the edge of Baildon Moor close to Shipley Glen in West Yorkshire. When closed to the public the museum caters for school groups. When open to the public entry is free of charge.In 2013 the Bradford Council removed their funding of the museum which is now currently closed.
 The Church of St. Philip Neri is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located on the west side of the Grand Concourse at East 202nd Street Bedford Park Bronx New York City.
 H. S. Barney Building is a historic department store complex located at Schenectady in Schenectady County New York. The large commercial building consists of six sections constructed or acquired and linked between 1873 and 1923. It is predominantly brick in construction but incorporates heavy timber framing concrete and limestone. A facade erected in 1923 in the Commercial style helped to unify the complex.
 The West / North West Hospitals Group (Irish: Grúpa Ospidéil an Iarthair / an Iarthuaiscirt) is one of six hospital groups located in Ireland.The grouping of hospitals was announced by the Irish Minister for Health Dr.
 Columbus City Center (known locally as City Center) was a 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) three-level shopping center in Columbus Ohio United States. It was located in the city's downtown near the Ohio State Capitol next to the Ohio Theatre and connected to a Hyatt hotel.
 The DeFreest Homestead is a historic house and barn located in the Rensselaer Technology Park in North Greenbush New York United States. The homestead and surrounding land are owned and managed by Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. It was the original home of Philip DeFreest one of the first Dutch settlers to arrive in the mid-18th century.
 Matinecock Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Piping Rock and Duck Pond Roads in Locust Valley Nassau County New York. It was built in 1725 and is a two-story rectangular building topped by a steeply pitched gable roof. It is two bays wide and four bays long sheathed in shingles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Ford Block is a historic commercial building located at Oneonta in Otsego County New York. It is a large three story brick building in a modified Queen Anne style. It was built between 1881 and 1882 and is built of load-bearing brick walls and covered by a flat composition roof. The first floor is a series of storefronts; the second window openings on the second level have segmental arches and those on the third floor round arches.
 Davidson House near Troutman North Carolina was built in 1805. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church Convent and Rectory is a Roman Catholic church complex located at 1000 Eliot Street in Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Château de Gironville is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 The Grand Hotel is a hotel in Torquay Devon. The grand white hotel is closely associated with Agatha Christie who spent her honeymoon here.The Grand Hotel has 132 bedrooms and 4 floors.
 Maisons Jaoul are a celebrated pair of houses in the upmarket Paris suburb of Neuilly-sur-Seine designed by Le Corbusier and built in 1954-56. They are among his most important post-war buildings and feature a rugged aesthestic of unpainted cast concrete béton brut and roughly detailed brickwork.
 Zaans Museum is a museum in Zaandam Netherlands founded in 1994. It is housed in a contemporary building designed by architects Cor van Hillo and Monique Verschaeren right across from the historic windmills and houses of the Zaanse Schans an open-air museum. The museum covers 16500 m3 and contains items showcasing the past of the area of the Zaan and the wealth created by the early industrial activity on the river.
 The Jemez Historic Site (formerly Jemez State Monument) is a protected area in Sandoval County New Mexico United States in the village of Jemez Springs. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and in 2012 it was designated as a National Historic Landmark.The Site consists of the 14th century stone ruins of Gisewa Pueblo and the 17th century San José de los Jemez Mission Church. The Jemez People once occupied Gisewa Pueblo and many other Pueblos in this area.
 The Joseph Motie House is located in the Cork Hill neighborhood of Davenport Iowa United States and is across the street from Sacred Heart Cathedral. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Tour EDF is an office skyscraper located in La Défense the high-rise business district west of Paris France.The tower was built for Électricité de France (EDF) France's main electricity company and hosts the company's offices. Tour EDF is 165 m (541 ft) tall the tallest skyscraper built in La Défense since the year 2000.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Philip is the Church of England cathedral and the seat of the Bishop of Birmingham. Built as a parish church and consecrated in 1715 St Philip's became the cathedral of the newly formed Diocese of Birmingham in 1905. St Philip's was built in the early 18th century in the Baroque style by Thomas Archer and is located on Colmore Row Birmingham England. The cathedral is a Grade I listed building.
 The Grand Canyon National Park Superintendent's Residence is a National Park Service Rustic style building designed in 1921 by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs as the park's first headquarters building. The visitor information room was financed by a donation from the Brooklyn Daily Eagle newspaper.
 For the historic district in Brunswick Georgia see Brunswick Old Town Historic DistrictThe Brunswick Historic District includes the historic center of the railroad town of Brunswick Maryland. The district includes the 18th century former town of Berlin the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad yards along the Potomac River and the town built between 1890 and 1910 to serve the railroad.
 The De Anza Motor Lodge is a historic motel located on former U.S. Route 66 in the Upper Nob Hill neighborhood of Albuquerque New Mexico. It was built in 1939 by Charles G. Wallace a local trader of Zuni art and pottery who remained the owner until 1983. Wallace decorated the motel with a variety of Native American art including a series of murals by Zuni artist Tony Edaakie in a basement room. Commissioned in 1951 these murals are one of the De Anza's most notable features.
 The Methodist Central Hall Westminster (also known as Central Hall Westminster or simply Methodist Central Hall) is a multi-purpose venue and tourist attraction in City of Westminster London. It serves primarily as a Methodist church and a conference centre but also as an art gallery and an office building (formerly as the headquarters of the Methodist Church of Great Britain until 2000).
 The Oklahoma State Capitol is the house of government of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the building that houses the Oklahoma Legislature and executive branch offices. It is located along Lincoln Boulevard in Oklahoma City. The present structure includes a dome that was completed in 2002. The building is a National Historic Landmark.Oklahoma's first state capital was Guthrie Oklahoma but was moved to Oklahoma City in 1910.
 The George R. Newell House in Orlando Florida was built in 1885 by George R. Newell a Baltimore attorney for his bride Susie Gibson. At the time the other homes on Lake Avenue were also occupied by newlyweds so the area became known as Honeymoon Row. It was lived in continuously by the Newells and their two sons Leigh G. and Sidney P. and then by Sidney and his wife Eleanor Hope Cobb and two daughters Eleanor Hope and Sue Gibson until 1970 when both Sidney and Eleanor Hope died.
 The Optus Centre is located at 367 Collins Street Melbourne. Standing 153 metres tall it incorporates 34 floors and was completed in 1975. The main foyer and mezzanine areas are home to cafes and a branch of the Commonwealth Bank.Originally an office building for the Commonwealth Bank the tower was the tallest building in Melbourne when completed eclipsing the former BHP House by 1 metre.
 Triumph Church is a Christian multi-site church located in Detroit Michigan USA. It was founded in the Fall of 1920 by Reverend Claude Cummings as the Triumph Missionary Baptist Church. Reverend Solomon W. Kinloch Jr. is currently the Senior Pastor. The church has six weekend and three midweek services and its average attendance makes it one of the largest churches in Detroit and Michigan.More notably the church is recognized for its exponential growth.
 The Art Gallery of Western Australia is a public gallery that is part of the Perth Cultural Centre in Perth Western Australia. It is located near the Western Australian Museum and State Library of Western Australia. The current gallery opened in 1979.The State's art collection consists of over 15500 works of art and the Art Gallery is visited by approximately 400000 people annually.
 The McConahay Building in Kansas City Missouri is a two-story Tapestry Brick building designed by prominent Kansas City architect Nelle E. Peters in 1922.From the building's completion in May 1922 to June 1923 the McConahay building housed Laugh-O-Gram Films Walt Disney's first commercial film studio which occupied a five-room suite of studios on the second floor.
 The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco comprising the M. H. de Young Memorial Museum in Golden Gate Park and the California Palace of the Legion of Honor in Lincoln Park is the largest public arts institution in the city of San Francisco and one of the largest art museums in California. Its current director is Colin Bailey.With a total value of over $1 billion the permanent collection of the Fine Arts Museums is organized into six areas each with a curatorial staff.
 The Kirkland and District Hospital is a public hospital which was established in 1976 to serve Kirkland Lake Ontario Canada and area.The hospital has a total of 62 beds including 6 intensive care 2 obstetrics 39 medical/surgical and 15 chronic beds plus 280 full-time and part-time staff.
 DeRidder Homestead is a historic home located at Easton in Washington County New York. It consists of a two-story three by two bay brick main block with a one story rear wing. The earliest part of the house dates to about 1735. Also on the property is a barn and several outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Arthur Champlin Spencer and Margaret Fenton Spencer House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Brotman Medical Center (BMC) is a hospital in Culver City California USA.
 The North Fork Payette River Bridge near Smiths Ferry Idaho is a historic reinforced concrete arch bridge built in 1933. It was a work of Charles A. Kyle. It has also been known as Rainbow Bridge and as 85-2114.Its 410-foot (120 m) span bridges across the North Fork Payette River. It is significant as the longest single-span arch bridge in Idaho. It is an open spandrel concrete arch bridge.
 The Paddock Shops is a shopping complex in the east end of Louisville Kentucky USA billed as a lifestyle center. Originally known as The Summit of Louisville it is currently owned by Boston-based CPT Capital Management and managed by Chicago-based M&J Wilkow.
 L. Frank & Son Building is a historic retail building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a four-story brick commercial building with a cast-iron façade built about 1875. It was constructed for Samuel Stein & Bros. and occupied by a dealer in iron ranges and furnaces and later a series of shoe and clothing manufacturers.L.
 Government House (Chinese: 香港禮賓府; formerly 督憲府/香港總督府/港督府) located on Government Hill in the Central District of Hong Kong Island is the official residence of the Chief Executive of Hong Kong.
 The Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall (BMICH) is a convention center located in Colombo Sri Lanka. Built between 1970 and 1973 the convention center was a gift from the People's Republic of China in memory of Solomon Ridgeway Dias Bandaranaike Prime Minister of Sri Lanka (Ceylon) from 1956 to 1959. The construction of the Hall was carried out by a joint Sri Lankan and Chinese workforce with a considerable portion of the building materials being imported from China.
 The William Jennings Bryan House also known as Fairview is a historic house built in 1902--03 in Lincoln Nebraska United States. It is noteworthy as the home of William Jennings Bryan (1860-1925) and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1963.Five acres of the adjoining property was the original site of Bryan Memorial Hospital now owned by BryanLGH Health System which also owns Fairview. The home was restored in 1994. The upper two floors house the Wm.
 SM Jinjiang (Chinese: 泉州晋江SM国际广场) is a mall in Jinjiang Quanzhou Fujian province China as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings under the management of Henry Sy a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon. The exterior of SM City Jinjiang is similar to the old exterior of SM City North EDSA.
 The Shefton Museum of Greek Art and Archaeology was an archaeological museum at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne England which opened in 1956 and closed in 2008. Its collections are now part of the Great North Museum.
 The Newport Steam Factory is an historic building at 449 Thames Street in Newport Rhode Island that is part of the International Yacht Restoration School.The Newport Steam Factory was a manufacturing facility built in 1831 in Newport. The factory building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Rossleigh Court constructed between 1906 and 1907 currently is a rental apartment building located on the northwest corner of 85th Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City.Like the similarly designed and adjoining building to its north 257 Central Park West Rossleigh Court was designed by Mulliken and Moeller and built by Gotham Building and Construction.
 Museum of Death is a museum located in Hollywood Los Angeles. It was established in June 1995 by J. D. Healy and Catherine Shultz. At that time it was located in San Diego but in 2000 its owners moved it to Hollywood. The museum focuses on death and related topics including funeral murder and capital punishment. The museum is opened daily between 11 a.m. and 8 p.m. all days except for Saturday when it closes at 10 p.m.
 St. Ladislaus Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 2908 Wood Avenue in Lorain Ohio.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Landakotskirkja (Landakot's Church) formally named Basilika Krists konungs (The Basilica of Christ the King) is the cathedral of the Catholic Church in Iceland. It is often referred to as Kristskirkja (Christ's Church). Landakotskirkja is located in the western part of Reykjavík on the Landakot property. It has a distinctively flat top as opposed to the standard spire.
 The Lincoln Theatre in New Haven Connecticut also known as Little Theatre on Lincoln Street was built in 1924. It was listed on the NRHP in 1984.It is a rare surviving theatre of the Little Theatre Movement of 1911-1933.
 The Newton Railroad Stations Historic District in Newton Massachusetts is composed of three geographically separate historic railroad stations on the old Boston and Albany Railroad's Riverside or Highland Branch which is today's MBTA Green Line D Branch. It also included the baggage and express building next to one of the stations which has since been mostly demolished.
 The Calvin B. Taylor House is a historic U.S. home located at 208 Main Street Berlin Maryland. The house currently serves as The Calvin B. Taylor House Museum.
 Cooch Behar Palace also called the Victor Jubilee Palace is a landmark in Cooch Behar city West Bengal. It was designed on the model of Buckingham Palace in London in 1887 during the reign of Maharaja Nripendra Narayan.The Cooch Behar Palace noted for its elegance and grandeur is protected by the Archaeological Survey of India. It is a brick-built double-storey structure in the classical Western style covering an area of 51309 square feet (4766.8 m2).
 The Crow Wing County Courthouse in Brainerd Minnesota United States is a Beaux-Arts courthouse built in 1920. The building along with its adjoining jail are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Beaux-Arts style was popular in the first quarter of the 20th century for Minnesota courthouses. The first floor has a rough-cut stone exterior while the floors above are built of smooth-cut gray stone.
 Holy Trinity Avonside was a heritage-listed Anglican church located in Linwood Christchurch New Zealand. It is registered as a Historic Place – Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. It was damaged beyond the point of repair in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and was demolished the following September.
 The Casa de la Apicultura (translation: Beekeeping House) is a museum in Boal Asturias Spain. It is the home of a collection relating to apiculture which is a traditional activity in this part of Asturias.The museum is housed in a former rural school built by the Sociedad de Instrucción Naturales del Concejo de Boal a society founded in Havana Cuba in 1911. The school was built in the mid-30s and restored for this new role.
 The Park Avenue House is a high rise residential building located at 2305 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Plaza Hotel Buenos Aires is a five-star hotel located in the Retiro district just steps from Calle Florida shopping area and overlooking the Plaza San Martín.
 The Patton Building is a historic commercial office building at 15-19 Hampden Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built c. 1872 and is noted for its association with William Patton one of Springfield's most successful businessmen of the late 19th century and his son William Junior a real estate developer.
 St Peter's Church Laneham is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Laneham.
 Seneca Historic District is in Seneca South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Its boundaries were expanded in 1987.It is located south of the railroad tracks in Seneca. The district consists of a number of homes and three churches that were built in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. The houses have architectural styles that were popular in the period.
 Stenhammar is a royal castle in Sweden.It is situated outside the town of Flen in Södermanland about 120 kilometers south of Stockholm and is one of the summer residences of the Swedish king.
 The Carr-Jeeves House is a historic house at 57 Lake Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1869 by Moses Mann and James Mann in a Second Empire style as a speculative venture and was sold to Mary Carr the following year. It has an L-shaped layout with a gable end section facing the street below which is a squared projecting bay. The windows on this facade are arched in polygonal fashion.
 Seventh Street Savings Bank is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 2002 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Central School is a historic school building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1906 and is a 2 1⁄2-story eleven-bay-wide by seven-bay-deep brick building with Jacobean Revival style features. The features include parapeted gables round arched entrances and a steeply pitched multi-gabled roof. A rear 1 1⁄2-story addition has a slate hipped roof. It was built on the site of the Academy Ticonderoga's first high school.
 Paderborn Cathedral (German: Paderborner Dom) is the cathedral of the Catholic Archdiocese of Paderborn. It is located in the city centre of Paderborn North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The cathedral is dedicated to Saint Mary Saint Kilian and Saint Liborius. The official German name is Hoher Dom Ss. Maria Liborius und Kilian.
 The Hall of Languages is a Syracuse University building designed by Horatio Nelson White and built in 1871-73. It is made of Onondaga limestone and features three large towers or cupolas.
 The Bagby Stationhouse Water Tanks and Turntable are associated with the Yosemite Valley Railroad (YVRR) which ran from Merced California to El Portal at the entrance to Yosemite National Park. The railroad operated from 1907 to 1945. The structures now located at El Portal were originally built in Bagby and were moved from that location in 1966 when the townsite was to be inundated by the filling of Lake McClure behind New Exchequer Dam.
 Simon Gratz High School is a secondary school located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania U.S. An inner-city school it is perhaps best known for its famous alumni (listed below). Originally a public school directly operated by the School District of Philadelphia Gratz has been operated as a charter school by Mastery Charter since September 2011. Students from the previous public school's enrollment area are eligible to attend.
 Elias Sprague House is a property in Coventry Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Sierra Bonita Ranch founded in 1872 by Henry C. Hooker is one of the oldest cattle ranches in the United States and the ranch buildings have been designated a National Historic Landmark. It was the first permanent American cattle ranch in Arizona. Hooker bought neighboring ranches until his operation became the largest ranch in Arizona totaling 800 square miles (2100 km2). It is located in Sulphur Springs Valley about 27 miles (43 km) north of present-day Willcox Arizona.
 Meridian Hall is an historic house in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1990 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as the Mansion at 2401 15th Street NW.
 Coffman Memorial Union (CMU) is the student union (student center) on the Minneapolis campus of the University of Minnesota United States. It anchors the south side of Northrop Mall on the south side of Washington Avenue overlooking the Mississippi River. It is named for Lotus Coffman a University of Minnesota President between 1920 and 1938.It opened in 1940 and has undergone renovations on several occasions especially the 1970s work which was widely criticized for altering the exterior.
 The Matitone (officially San Benigno North Tower) is a skyscraper designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill Mario Lanata and Andrea Messina and finished building in 1992 used as a business center located in the district of San Teodoro in the San Benigno near the motorway Genova-West.
 The Eminence is an historic estate house located on a 5.6 acre riverfront parcel at 122 Islington Road in the village of Auburndale in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1853 it was designed by noted Boston architect Hammatt Billings in the Italian Villa style of architecture and is one of two surviving high-style Italianate estate houses in the Auburndale area.
 Carll House is a historic home located at Dix Hills in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five bay gable roof residence with a 1 1⁄2-story side addition. Also on the property are three contributing 19th century barns a small pond and cottage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Mall at Millenia (commonly called The Millenia Mall or Millenia) is an upscale contemporary indoor shopping mall located in Orlando Florida just off of Interstate 4 (exit 78) at Conroy Road near the northern end of International Drive. Opened in 2002 it has over 150 stores and is anchored by Macy's Bloomingdale's and Neiman Marcus. The GLA is 1118000 ft² (103866 m²).The Mall at Millenia advertises itself as an upscale premium shopping mall as evidenced by its anchors.
 First Baptist Church (est. 1774) was the first Baptist church in Petersburg Virginia; one of the first African-American Baptist congregations in the United States and one of the oldest black churches in the nation. It established one of the first local schools for black children in the nation. Its congregation was active during the 20th century Civil Rights Movement. Today it has the largest community outreach program in the city.
 The Peter C. DuBois House is located on Slocum Road in the Dutchess Junction neighborhood of the city of Beacon New York United States. It was one of the last significant Greek Revival buildings in the Hudson Valley. In the 20th century it would be reused as a sanatorium and altered with the addition of a third story. Today it is once again a dwelling. In 2004 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Greenbrier Mall is a nearly 900000 sq. ft. regional mall in Chesapeake Virginia in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. The mall has a hillside terrain meaning entries exist on both upper and lower levels.
 Walter Butler Homestead also known as Butlersbury is a historic home located near Fonda in Montgomery County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story 40-foot-long 30-foot-wide 18th-century farmhouse. It has a limestone block foundation and cellar and attic. The dwelling was built by Lt. Walter Butler (ca. 1670-1760) father of John Butler (1728-1796).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The German Ivory Museum Erbach (Deutsches Elfenbeinmuseum Erbach) is a museum in Erbach im Odenwald Germany. It was founded in 1966 but the collection was started by Count Francis I in late 18th century. The city of Erbach then developed to become one of the centres for ivory carving. The museum exhibition consists of more than 2000 items that represent European African Asian and Greenlandic ivory carving art from the Middle Ages to the present day.
 Nathan's Department Store is a historic department store building located at Johnstown Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1917 and is a four-story brick building with a finished basement. The front facade features glazed architectural terra cotta in a simplified classical motif. The building was damaged in the Flood of 1977. For many years the building housed an S. S. Kresge store.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 All Saints' Church Northampton situated in the centre of Northampton is a Parish Church of the Church of England and Northampton's Civic Church.Simon de Senlis' church of All Hallows Northampton England lasted with medieval alterations until disaster struck the town on 20 September 1675. Most of the old town was destroyed by fire not unlike the Great Fire of London in 1666 (see Great Fire of Northampton). The fire began in St.
 St. Mary's Church Fetcham Surrey England is a Church of England parish church (community) but also refers to its building which dates to the 11th century that of the Norman Conquest and as such is the settlement's oldest building. It is set off the residential road of its address The Ridgeway behind a small park in the suburban part of the largely 20th century railway settlement adjoining the M25 London Orbital Motorway which has retained farmed rural outskirts.
 Comfort Station No. 72 (also known as Comfort Station #4) is a historic visitor services building in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon United States. It was built in 1930 to provide a public toilet and shower facilities for park visitors. It was constructed in the National Park Service Rustic style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 One Wall Centre also known as the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel is a 48-storey 157.8 m (518 ft) skyscraper hotel with residential condominiums at 1088 Burrard Street in Downtown Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The tower was designed by Perkins+Will Canada and completed in 2001 and went on to win the Emporis Skyscraper Award for the Best New Skyscraper the same year. As of November 2012 it is the third-tallest completed building in the city.
 The Cathedral of San Carlos Borromeo also known as the Royal Presidio Chapel is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Monterey California United States. The cathedral is the oldest continuously operating parish and the oldest stone building in California. It was built in 1794 making it the oldest (and smallest) serving cathedral along with St. Louis Cathedral in New Orleans Louisiana.
 The George Pipes House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Slana Roadhouse on Nabesna Road in Slana Alaska in the Valdez-Cordova Census Area is a historic site dating to 1928. Also known as AHRS Site No. NAB-00356 the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included four contributing buildings on 5 acres (2.0 ha).The roadhouse building is a log building about 32 by 45 feet (9.8 m × 13.7 m) in dimension and was built by homesteader Lawrence DeWitt in 1928 near the Slana River.
 Lot 10 is a shopping complex within central Kuala Lumpur's shopping and entertainment district Bintang Walk. It serves the wealthy and it is the equivalent of other city's high-class shopping such as Fifth Avenue or Knightsbridge in the 1990s. Ever since its decline in late 1990s it has since been widely considered as a middle-upper shopping enclave.
 The Greek Orthodox Church of St. George in Des Moines Iowa is a parish of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America located in the Drake Neighborhood near Drake University.The church building was originally built as Elmwood United Presbyterian Church in 1906 in a Classical Revival architectural style.
 The Armory of the Kentish Guards is a historic armory at Armory and Peirce Streets in East Greenwich Rhode Island and is currently home to the Kentish Guards a historic state militia organization.
 Wyoming Apartments is an historic apartment building located at 2022 Columbia Road Northwest Washington D.C. in the Kalorama neighborhood.
 Lexington Veterans Affairs Medical Center located in Lexington Kentucky is 199 bed medical facility owned by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. The Lexington Veterans Affairs Medical Center is a fully accredited two-division tertiary care medical center with an operating bed complement of 199 hospital beds.
 St Giles Church is the sole church in the village of Wormshill in Kent. The church is Anglican and is dedicated to Saint Giles. It forms part of the united benefice of Tunstall with Bredgar. The other parishes are Milstead Bicknor and Frinsted and Rodmersham. The ecclesiastical parish of Wormshill is in the Diocese of Canterbury and the Sittingbourne deanery (within the archdeaconry of Maidstone). It is a Grade II listed building English Heritage number 1060971.
 Château de la Guerche is a castle in La Guerche in Indre-et-Loire a département in France. Among its famous owners the Lords of Rougé used it as their residence between 1351 and 1416.It was built during the reign of Charles VII of France for his mistress Antoinette de Maignelais and her husband André de Villequier.The castle was besieged in 1592 during the French Wars of Religion.
 Harmony Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Marlowe Berkeley County West Virginia. It is an interdenominational burial ground established about 1830. It includes a number of notable grave markers and is the site of the old Harmony Meeting House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St James' Church Stanstead Abbotts is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Stanstead Abbotts Hertfordshire England. In 1967 it was designated a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southeast of the village on the north side of the B181 road.
 Central Methodist Episcopal Church (now the Central United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 111 E. Spruce Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1993.
 HM Prison Lancaster Farms is a male Young Offenders Institution located on the outskirts of Lancaster Lancashire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is part of the HMP North Lancashire and Cumbria Estate (along with HMP Haverigg).
 The William B. Tennison is a Chesapeake Bay bugeye built in 1899 and converted to an oyster buy-boat in 1906-07. With the conversion her sail rig was removed and an engine inserted and is the only surviving example of this conversion. Her construction marks a transition between log construction and plank construction. She is homeported at the Calvert Marine Museum in Solomons Maryland.
 The Juma Masjid Mosque (Juma Masjid Arabic:جمعة مسجد  meaning Mosque of The Congregation) is a mosque located in Durban Kwazulu-Natal in the Republic of South Africa.
 Westpoint Tower (Dutch: Westpoint-woontoren) is the tallest residential building in Tilburg Netherlands. It is 141.6 metres tall and has 48 floors. Construction of Westpoint Tower was completed in 2004.
 The Basilica di Santa Maria del Fiore (English: Basilica of Saint Mary of the Flower) is the main church of Florence Italy. Il Duomo di Firenze as it is ordinarily called was begun in 1296 in the Gothic style to the design of Arnolfo di Cambio and completed structurally in 1436 with the dome engineered by Filippo Brunelleschi.
 The Woodland Street Firehouse is an historic fire station at 36 Woodland Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the finest of Worcester Victorian-era firehouses. The two story brick building was built in 1886 in a Queen Anne style with some Romanesque details. It is nearly identical to Worcester's Cambridge Street Firehouse; both were designed by Fuller & Delano and built the same year.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Vistdal Church (Norwegian: Vistdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Myklebostad. The church is part of the Vistdal parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1869 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 270 people.
 Rose Mont is a Greek Revival style house built in Gallatin Sumner County Tennessee United States. It was built by Judge Josephus Conn Guild for his family and completed in 1842. Once the site of the area's largest thoroughbred horse farm with 500 acres (2.0 km2) it is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Rosemont. In 1993 the property was purchased by the City of Gallatin and the Rose Mont Restoration Foundation. The house is open to the public.
 St Mary's Church Higham Ferrers is a parish church in the Church of England in Higham Ferrers Northamptonshire.
 Arbuthnott Bervie and Kinneff Church is a Christian community in the south of Aberdeenshire. It includes the town of Inverbervie the villages of Gourdon and Kinneff in addition to the area of Arbuthnott.
 Stewart Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1835. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon. The house features a Colonial Revival style portico added in the 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Raman Science Centre at Nagpur is an interactive science center affiliated with Mumbai's Nehru Science Centre. The centre was developed to promote a scientific attitude portray the growth of science and technology and their applications in industry and human welfare and hold science exhibits.
 St Grada & Holy Cross Church Grade is the Church of England parish church of Grade with Ruan Cornwall.
 King's Health Partners is an academic health science centre located in London United Kingdom. It comprises King's College London Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust.King's Health Partners' member organisations have a combined annual turnover of around £2 billion treat over 1.5 million patients each year and have approximately 25000 employees.
 The Hotel Lucia formerly the Imperial Hotel is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It was built in 1909 as an extension of the adjacent original Imperial Hotel. The original Imperial building was made into a separate hotel in 1949 renamed the Plaza Hotel and after a period of non-hotel use in the 1980s it today operates as the Hotel Vintage Plaza.
 The Jewish Museum in Prague (Czech: Židovské muzeum v Praze) is a museum of Jewish heritage located in Prague Czech Republic.The Jewish Museum in Prague was founded in 1906 by historian Dr. Hugo Lieben and Dr. Augustin Stein who later became head of the Prague Jewish Community. The goal was to preserve artifacts from the Prague synagogues demolished during the Urban renewal of the old Jewish Quarter in the beginning of the 20th century.
 The Fowlersville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in North Centre Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 40-foot-long (12 m) Queen Post Truss bridge with board-and-batten siding constructed in 1886. It originally crossed the West Branch Briar Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Pushkin House (Russian: Пушкинский Дом) is a Registered Charity owned and run by the Pushkin House Trust. It supports and promotes the splendour richness and beauty of Russian culture in London and beyond.
 Hidden Valley Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Baldwin Harford County Maryland United States. It consists of a mid-19th century vernacular Greek Revival brick farmhouse with several auxiliary structures. The house is a three story rectangular brick dwelling with a gable roof with a two-story wing. The house features square-columned one-story porches across the façade and both sides of the wing.
 First Baptist Church (Colored) is a historic Baptist church building at the junction of E. Washington Ave. and NE Fifth Street in Anadarko Oklahoma.It was built in 1914 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Old Mill Museum also known as the Alfred Wilkerson Grist Mill is a historic structure located along the River Raisin at 242 Toledo Street in Dundee Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on August 3 1979.
 St. Mary's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Emmorton Harford County Maryland. It is a small Gothic Revival parish church. It was built about 1851 and carefully designed in the Early English manner with gray rubble stone walls cut Port Deposit granite trim and a very steep slate-covered roof. It features an ornamental chimney with a fleur-de-lis the symbol of the Virgin Mary in a bas-relief panel.
 The D. Horace Tilton House is a historic house at 379 Albion Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house is a well preserved small Federal-style house built in the later years of the 18th century. Four bays wide its front door has a later Greek Revival surround around which time its upper-level windows may also have been added. The house belonged to D. Horace Tilton a shoemaker.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Ludington Building is the earliest-surviving steel-frame building in Chicago Illinois. It is located in the Chicago Loop community area. It was designed by William Le Baron Jenney and was named a Chicago Landmark on June 10 1996. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1980.
 The Randolph Tabernacle is a Victorian-styled meetinghouse for the Randolph Ward (congregation) of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and is located in Randolph Rich County Utah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1986.
 Sunnyfields is a historic home at Linthicum Heights Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is partially brick two and a half stories tall and three bays wide and was built in 1810. The east portion is of frame construction six bays long and two stories high and dates from about 1785.
 The Henry Blood House in Kaysville Utah was home of Henry H. Blood who was governor of Utah during 1933-1940. The house was designed and built by self-trained architect William Allen. It was built in c.1896 with Queen Anne stylings and includes an octagonal tower at about the time of Blood's marriage to Minnie A. Barnes in June 1896.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Residency Towers Chennai is a four-star luxury hotel located at T. Nagar Chennai India. Built at a cost of 500 million the hotel is the second Residency hotel in the city and fourth in the chain.
 Beach-Knapp District is a historic district roughly bounded by Harrison Avenue Washington Kneeland and Beach Streets in Boston Massachusetts.The district was built largely around 1835 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The James and Penninah Wrathall House located at 5 N. Center St. in Grantsville Utah was built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.Its NRHP nomination describes it as an imposing residence that is significant as an unusual and well-preserved example of the Victorian style known as Queen Anne. The design shows the influence of design books particularly in the Queen Anne and Eastlake details but the execution by local builder Charles Z.
 The Palace of Inquisition also known as the Inquisition Palace (Spanish: Palacio de la Inquisición) is an eighteenth-century torture chamber situated in the Colombian city of Cartagena. Finished around 1770 it serves as a museum showcasing the torture equipment used as well as other historical artefacts. It has been described as one of the finer buildings in Cartagena. Cited as one of Cartagena's best examples of late colonial civil architecture it faces the Parque de Bolívar.
 The Intercontinental Tower Manchester is a cancelled landmark skyscraper for construction in Manchester City Centre England. The proposed high rise would have been a 5-star luxury hotel run by InterContinental Hotels Group and developed by Northern Irish development firm Benmore. The skyscraper was proposed in a press release by developer Benmore in May 2009 and discussed with Manchester City Council in summer 2009.
 St Antony's Church Kanjiracode is a Latin Catholic Church located in Kollam district Kerala India.
 The Santa Cruz Museum of Natural History also known affectionately by locals as the whale museum is one of the earliest museums in the state of California. Founded from the Laura Hecox collection in 1905 the museum's collections grew extensively throughout the years acquiring many Native American and archaeological artifacts as well as natural history specimens of the past.
 First Congregational Church United Church of Christ is a historic church on Main Street in Farmington Maine.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Wirral Transport Museum is a museum situated approximately 0.5 miles (800 m) from the Mersey Ferry service at Woodside Birkenhead England.A vintage tram service links the museum and the ferry at certain times. Admission into the museum is free with a broad selection of vintage and classic vehicles including trams buses cars bikes and a fire engine.
 St. Dimitrija Solunski (Macedonian: Св. Димитриј Солунски) also known as St. Demetrius of Salonica is a Macedonian Orthodox Church located in Markham Ontario Canada.
 Grace-Hampden Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a large stone building constructed in 1899. The Romanesque Revival style church features multiple gables and a square bell tower and masonry construction utilizing local granite with round-arched openings and decorative sill and lintel courses.
 Government House is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of Jersey. The building is situated in the parish of St Saviour in Jersey. It is also used for ceremonial functions receptions and meetings with visiting foreign dignitaries and heads of state. It is also the official residence of the Duke of Normandy (currently Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom) as head of state when staying in Jersey.
 The College View Historic District is a neighborhood near downtown Greenville North Carolina. Located north of East Carolina University the boundaries roughly include East First Street to the north; Lewis Street to the east; East Fifth Street to the south; and Reade Street to the west. In March 1992 College View was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cross County Shopping Center also known as Cross County Center is an open-air shopping mall located in Yonkers New York United States. Over 100 stores and restaurants are in the mall including anchor stores Macy's Old Navy and Sears. The mall is managed by Macerich.
 St. Peter's Church is in West Bend Wisconsin. It is located at 1010 Newark Drive. On June 30 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
 The Robert and Phyllis Scott House is a historic home located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland United States. It is situated atop a ridge on a heavily wooded lot and is a two-story butterfly roof five-bay by two-bay rectangular International Style building set on piers with several rooms on grade in the center of the house.
 The UIC Building (United Industrial Corporation Limited Building) was a 40-storey 152 m (499 ft) skyscraper in the city-state of Singapore. The tower was completed in 1973 and it is the 39th-tallest building in Singapore tied in rank with Chevron House Meritus Mandarin Singapore Tower Two and One Marina Boulevard. At the time of its 1973 completion the UIC Building was the tallest structure in the city-state and one of the tallest buildings in Southeast Asia.
 Puncheon Mill House also known as Puncheon's Landing is a historic home located at Pocomoke City Somerset County Maryland. It is a two-story three-by-two-bay gable-front frame dwelling supported on a raised common bond brick foundation. It was built between 1810 and 1820 and is sheathed with beaded cypress weatherboards and covered with a medium-pitched wood shingle roof.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located in the High Hills of Santee west of Pinewood South Carolina. On January 20 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mark's Church.
 Royal Castle is a fast food restaurant in Trinidad and Tobago. It was founded in 1968 with 12 employees on Frederick Street in Port of Spain. It grew to 19 locations with 300 employees. Franchises began in 1987. Its preparation uses all local produce and meats. It offers fried chicken rotisserie chicken fish and regular upsize and large fries with veggie burgers. Its branches include Frederick Street Diego Martin Long Circular Mall Arima San Fernando St Helena and Rio Claro.
 The First Interstate Center or First Interstate Bank Building is a building in the heart of Downtown Missoula Montana. It is located at 310 West Front Street. It is one of many post-modern buildings recently built in Missoula. Standing at 6 floors it is one of the tallest in Missoula and with 118000 square feet (11000 m2) of space it is the largest square footage office building in Missoula.
 The Huguenot Schoolhouse also known as District Schoolhouse No. 3 the 1863 Schoolhouse and the Town of Deerpark Museum is located on South Grange Road a short distance from US 209 in Huguenot a hamlet of the Town of Deerpark in Orange County New York USA. It was built in 1863 and currently serves as a local historic museum.
 The Crawford House is a building in Steamboat Springs Colorado USA that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance as the primary residence for 36 years of James Harvey Crawford the Father of Steamboat Springs and his wife Margaret Emerine (Bourn) Crawford the Mother of Routt County. The two of them together were among the most influential pioneering families in northwest Colorado.
 John S. Park Historic District composed of the Park Place Addition and Vega Verde subdivisions is in Las Vegas Clark County Nevada. The historic district is named for John S. Park who arrived in Las Vegas in 1907. It was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 2003.The neighborhood was named by the American Planning Association as one of the 10 best neighborhood in the United States for 2010.
 Patna Museum is the state museum of the Indian state of Bihar. Built in 1917 during the British Raj to house the historical artefacts found in the vicinity of Patna it is in the style of Mughal and Rajput architecture and is known locally as the Jadu Ghar.
 The Experimental Theatre is a 300-seat theatre at the National Centre for the Performing Arts in Mumbai India. It was inaugurated in April 1986 as a black box theatre venue with modular seating and staging units. It stages innovative production designs and presentations and is normally used to promote the exploration of new directions in performance art. The facility is equipped with state-of-the-art stagecraft and engineering systems.
 The Louis Bolduc House also known as Maison Bolduc is an example of poteaux sur solle (posts-on-sill) construction and is located in Ste. Geneviève Missouri. This was the first European settlement in the present-day state. The first historic structure in Ste. Genevieve to be authentically restored the house is a prime example of the traditional French Colonial architecture of the early 18th century in North America and was designated in 1970 as a National Historic Landmark.
 The Graphic Arts Institute of Oaxaca (Spanish: Instituto de Artes Gráficas de Oaxaca) is a school of art located in the city of Oaxaca de Juarez Oaxaca Mexico. The institute was founded by artist Francisco Toledo and hosts a large collection of artwork from Latin America.
 The St. John's Christian Methodist Episcopal Church is a church located at 8715 Woodward Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was built as the North Woodward Congregational Church listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1998.
 The Herman Vetter House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Museo Sugbo is the Cebu Provincial Museum located in the former Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC). It is some four blocks north of Plaza Independencia.
 The Joseph D. and Margaret Kelly House is a historic residence in The Dalles Oregon United States. Joseph Kelly a highly successful farmer during the establishment of wheat as a major cash crop in Wasco County retired young to this 1908 blufftop house and continued his career as a landlord and businessman. He and his wife Margaret a teacher and member of another important wheat family became a prominent philanthropic figures in The Dalles.
 The Mosque of Pasha Qasim is one of the symbols of the city of Pécs Hungary located in the city centre on the main square (Széchenyi square). Today it functions as a Roman Catholic church. The building hundred steps both its length and its width was built by Pasha Qasim the Victorious between 1543 and 1546. The minaret of the mosque was brought down by the Jesuits in 1766. It is still one of the largest Turkish buildings that remains in Hungary.
 Idlewild is a vacation and retirement community in Yates Township located just east of Baldwin in in southeast Lake County a rural part of northwestern lower Michigan. During the first half of the 20th century it was one of the few resorts in the country where African-Americans were allowed to vacation and purchase property before such discrimination became illegal in 1964. It surrounds Idlewild Lake and the headwaters of the Pere Marquette River run through the area.
 Farmington Correctional Center (FCC)is a Missouri Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Farmington St. Francois County Missouri. According to the official Official Manual State of Missouri the facility has a capacity of 2632 minimum and medium security prisoners making it one of the largest prisons in the state. The facility opened in December 1986 on the former grounds of the Farmington State Hospital mental health facility founded in 1903.
 Central Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 46 Park Street in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Audoen's is a Catholic church sited on High Street Dublin Ireland. It is adjacent to the similarly named and older St. Audoen's Church of Ireland on Cornmarket. It is now home to the Polish chaplaincy in Ireland.
 Bolsover Castle is a castle in Bolsover Derbyshire England (grid reference SK471707). It was founded in the 12th century by the Peverel family who also owned Peveril Castle in Derbyshire and came under royal control in 1155. The site is now in the care of English Heritage and is a Grade I listed building and a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 The King's Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Middlecreek Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1806 and is a 127-foot-4-inch-long (38.81 m) Burr truss bridge with an asbestos covered gable roof. The bridge crosses Laurel Hill Creek. It is one of 10 covered bridges in Somerset County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Hotel Windsor is a luxury hotel in Melbourne. The Windsor is notable for being Australia's only surviving grand 19th century city hotel and only official grand Victorian era hotel. The Hotel Windsor has a 5-star rating and is considered one of the grandest hotels in Melbourne.The Windsor is situated on Bourke Hill in the Parliament Precinct on Spring Street and is a Melbourne landmark of high Victorian architecture.
 The Samuel B. Lee House also known as Maplewood is a house in Duplex in the U.S. state of Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The listed area was increased from 72 acres (29 ha) to 398 acres (161 ha) and the property listing name was changed to Maplewood Farm 1993.When originally listed the property included five contributing buildings and one non-contributing structure on 72 acres (29 ha).
 Yorktown is a historic district in Tulsa Oklahoma. It is bordered by 16th and 17th Streets on the north 20th Street on the south Lewis Avenue on the east and Victor/Wheeling Avenues on the west.The Yorktown Neighborhood includes 19 blocks of single family residences. Composed of eight separate additions the district does not exhibit a single pattern of residential development.
 The St. Peter's Mission Church and Cemetery also known as St. Peter's Mission and as St. Peter's-By-the-Rock is a historic Roman Catholic mission located on Mission Road 10.5 miles (16.9 km) west-northwest of the town of Cascade Montana United States. The historic site consists of a wooden church and opera house and a cemetery. Also on the site are the ruins of a stone parochial school for boys a stone convent and several outbuildings.St.
 First Baptist Church of Augusta is a Baptist church in Augusta Georgia. The original location is now a historical site and the church is currently located on Walton Way.
 Emirates Crown is a 63-floor residential tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a structural height of 296 m (971 ft). Construction of the Emirates Crown began in 2005 and was completed in 2008. Upon completion it stood as the 6th-tallest building in Dubai and 45th-tallest building in the world.
 The Christina Melton Crain Unit (formerly the Gatesville Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for females in Gatesville Texas. The prison is along Texas State Highway 36 3 miles (4.8 km) north of central Gatesville. The unit with about 1317 square feet (122.4 m2) of space is co-located with the Hilltop Unit the Dr. Lane Murray Unit and the Linda Woodman Unit. The unit's regular program houses around 1500 women and it is one of Texas's main prisons for women.
 The Main Point hotel was once a prominent feature in South Melbourne. The current building was built in 1903 but replaced an earlier structure on the same site. Although it is still relatively well-preserved it is obscured by the King's Way overpass.
 The Charles D. Lewis House is a historic house at 81 Hunting Lane in Sherborn Massachusetts.It was built as a gentleman's farm and one of the town's earliest summer residences circa 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Shingle style house is built in a wide V-shape opening to the north its main entrance south-facing with porches but within the angled facades to the north a circular driveway and port-cochere entry supported by Tuscan columns.
 The Wharf Street Congregational Church was a Congregational church built in 1860 on the corner of Wharf Street and Adelaide Street Brisbane Queensland Australia. The church was demolished in 1928. It was the first Congregational church in Brisbane.
 South Jersey Gas Electric and Traction Company Office Building is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1901 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 2005.The building served as the main branch of the Camden Free Public Library after it relocated from the former Camden Free Public Library Main Building but was closed in 2011.
 St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Haverhill Massachusetts United States. Founded January 13 1901. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.Parish closed on August 29 1998.
 Jordan School is a historic school building at 35 Wood Street in Lewiston Maine.The school was built in 1902 in an Italian Renaissance style by the architect William R. Miller and the building served as Lewiston’s second high school until 1931. It was then a grammar school until 1983. The building was then converted to apartments. The school was named after Lyman G.
 61 Queen Charlotte Street is an historic house situated on Queen Charlotte Street in Bristol England.It dates from the early eighteenth century and is similar in design to houses of c. 1710 in nearby Queen Square. 6 King Street is a nearby house with a similar frontage.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 Laurel Hill Farm is a private park and historic home located in Ararat Virginia. The birthplace of James Ewell Brown Jeb Stuart seventy-five acres of the 1500 acres (6.1 km2) owned by the Stuart Family was saved in 1992 by the J. E. B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust. This organization founded by Historian and Author Thomas D. Tom Perry is a non-profit corporation that has interpreted the site and holds events on the property.
 The Gemini Center is a complex comprising two skyscrapers located in Milan Italy at the most peripheral end of Via Lorenteggio in the Giambellino-Lorenteggio district adjacent to Milan's border with Corsico. The two towers are 96 m 21 stores high; they were designed by architects R. Gantes and R. Morisi.A distinctive trait of the Gemini Center towers are two cranes located on the buildings' top which are used for cleaning the glass panes that cover most of the towers' external surface.
 Delta Trestle Bridge Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad is a historic wooden trestle railroad bridge in Peach Bottom Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1875 and measures about 393-foot-long (120 m) overall. It was built by the Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad to connect two rises of land divided by a ravine. It is the only bridge to remain from the original railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 St Peter's Church Crewe is located in Earle Street Crewe Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of All Saints and St Paul Crewe. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Queens Borough Hall is a public building in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of the Queens borough of New York City which houses the Office of the Queens Borough President and other city offices and court space. It is located in the Kew Gardens municipal facilities stretch bounded by Queens Boulevard and Union Turnpike among other roads. Designed by architects William Gehron and Andrew J.
 Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States Virgin Islands. It is the mother church and seat of the prelate bishop of the Diocese of Saint Thomas. It is located in the City of Charlotte Amalie.
 The Public Utility Building (Also known as Gandhi Tower) is a skyscraper on Mahatma Gandhi Road overlooking from the top floor the entire scenic beauty of Bangalore India.
 Engine Company No. 19 is an historic fire station in Southeast Washington D.C.. It was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 2009 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Ascension of Our Lord Catholic Church is a historic church on FM 957 in Moravia Texas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Moqui Ranger Station in Kaibab National Forest near Tusayan Arizona also known as Tusayan Ranger Station was built in 1939 by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which includes Bungalow architecture Rustic architecture vernacular and other styling. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service.
 for the historic district in Windham Connecticut see Windham Center Historic DistrictThe Windham Village Historic District is one of two historic districts in Windham Vermont. It is a 45-acre (18 ha) area that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.In 1984 it included 14 contributing buildings.
 Garden Court is a neighborhood in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located west of Spruce Hill north of Cedar Park east of Cobbs Creek and south of Walnut Hill.In the 1920s The Philadelphia Inquirer called Garden Court the most exclusive location in West Philadelphia. Garden Court was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 1984.
 Surgimed Hospital is a private hospital located in Zafar Ali Road Lahore Punjab Pakistan. It is attached with Lahore Medical and Dental College as a teaching and training hospital.
 St Nicolas' is an Anglican parish church in the centre of Guildford England. It is one of the three ancient parishes of Guildford borough (the other two being Holy Trinity and St Mary’s). The current church building built in 1876 is at least the third church on the site. The previous building was built in 1836. The Loseley Chapel which contains memorials to the More-Molyneux family whose residence is the nearby Loseley Park is all that remains of the medieval building.
 Cedar Springs Historic District is a historic district in Abbeville and Greenwood Counties in South Carolina. It has three contributing properties. It is located at the intersection of Abbeville County Road 33 Greenwood County Road 112 and Greenwood County Road 47. The buildings were built between 1820 and 1856. The South Carolina Department of Archives and History has additional information and photographs the nomination form for the historic district and map of the historic district.
 San Michele degli Scalzi is a church located in Piazza San Michele degli Scalzi east of Pisa Italy. It had also been known as the church of San Michele degli Scalzi in Orticaia referring to the nature of the site at the time of its founding. The term Scalzi refers to the barefoot monks linked to the church.An oratory chapel was known at the site by 1025.
 The University Presbyterian Church and Student Center is located on State Street in Madison Wisconsin. It is part of the University of Wisconsin-Madison. On October 16 2002 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Markham Museum (in the past known as The Markham District Historical Museum and later Markham Museum & Historic Village) is a 25-acre (10 ha) open air museum located in Markham Ontario Canada. It is dedicated to the preservation of old buildings and artefacts from Markham's past especially as a rural village has become an urban centre.
 Mendon Cobblestone Academy is a historic school located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a Federal style cobblestone structure built about 1835. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon. The building was used as a school for about a century. It was acquired in 1950 by the Mendon Fire Department and remodelled for use as a firehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Partnership is a historic building constructed in Fulton Maryland in Howard County though the land was part of Anne Arundel County at the time of its construction. The building was formerly one of the oldest in Howard County until its relocation in 1963 to Phoenix Maryland.Partnership is a three-bay wide brick construction house with a gambrel roof.
 St. Martin's Catholic Church is a historic church in Valley City Ohio.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Warrenton Woolen Mill was built in 1908 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The site includes eight contributing buildings. The mill operated for 140 years from 1844 to 1984. This building complex was built in 1908.
 The Sky Tower 1 is a 30-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Sky Tower 1 is expected to be completed in 2008.
 Fort Reno (also known as Fort Connor or Old Fort Reno) was a wooden fort constructed in 1865 by the United States Army on the Great Plains frontier in the Dakota Territory in present-day Johnson County Wyoming. It served to protect travellers on the Bozeman Trail from warring Native American tribes.
 The Basilica of our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and former cathedral dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary located in Labrador City Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The basilica is under the circumscription of the Diocese of Corner Brook and Labrador. The church was completed in 1962 and served as the cathedral of the former Diocese of Labrador City–Schefferville. The basilica was decreed on June 1 2007.
 The Arch in the Town of Marshall also known as Marshall Arch is an arch spanning State Road 236 in downtown Marshall Indiana United States. The wooden arch has a span of 51 feet (16 m); it is supported by concrete piers and has a clearance of 17 feet 7 inches (5.36 m) at its highest point. Lettering on each side of the arch spells the town's name. The first work by Indiana architect Carroll O. Beeson the arch was constructed in 1921.
 The Heron Tower is a commercial skyscraper in the City of London. It is owned by Heron International and stands 230 metres (755 ft) tall including its 28 metres (92 ft) mast (202 metres (663 ft) excluding the mast) making it the tallest building in the City and the third tallest in Greater London after the Shard in Southwark and One Canada Square at Canary Wharf.Construction of the building started in 2007 and was completed in 2011.
 The Shoppes at College Hills is a lifestyle center retail complex located in the city of Normal Illinois USA. It is one of two major shopping centers in the Bloomington-Normal area (the other being Eastland Mall). The complex was built in 1980 as a small enclosed shopping mall called College Hills Mall and was demolished and rebuilt in 2005 as an outdoor center. Anchor stores include Gordmans Hobby Lobby Target and Von Maur.
 Charlton Priory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 The Aberdeen City Hall is an historic governmental building located at 125 West Commerce Street corner of South Hickory Street in Aberdeen Monroe County Mississippi. It lies across Hickory from the historic U.S. Courthouse and Post Office. Built in 1912 it was designed in a blend of the Classical Revival and Beaux Arts styles of architecture by New Orleans architect William Drago. On February 22 1988 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bell Telephone Building is a 339-foot (103 m) art deco skyscraper in Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1923 and has 20 floors. It is the 22nd-tallest building in the city.
 Warner elevator row is a row of historic wood-cribbed grain elevators with six elevators all standing in a row from south to north alongside the Canadian Pacific Railway that travels from Great Falls Montana to Lethbridge Alberta on the east entrance of the village of Warner Alberta Canada. This row is one of two remaining elevator rows in Canada.
 Ardoyne Plantation House is located in Houma Louisiana. It was built 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1982.
 The Hotel Kewanee was a hotel in downtown Kewanee Illinois located at 125 North Chestnut Street. The Hotel Kewanee was built in 1916 and operated as a hotel until the early 2000s. It is a four-story brick building and during its heyday it featured over 100 guest rooms a restaurant a full bar a lounge a ballroom and many local businesses in its storefronts on the ground floor. At the time of its opening in 1916 it was known as The Parkside Hotel.
 The Abraham Park Kenneth Vine Collection also known as the Pyung Kang Biblical Archaeology Museum is a privately owned museum established by Rev. Abraham Yoon-sik Park the Senior Pastor of Pyungkang Cheil Presbyterian Church and the author of the History of Redemption Series and Dr Kenneth Vine an American Biblical archaeologist and former president of Loma Linda University California USA.
 St Walburge's Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Preston Lancashire England northwest of the city centre on Weston Street. The church was built in the mid 19th century by the Gothic revival architect Joseph Hansom designer of the hansom cab and is famous as having the tallest spire of any parish church in England.
 For the 1989 Hindi horror film please see Purani Haveli (film)Purani Haveli is a palace located in Hyderabad India. It was the official residence of the Nizam. It was also known as Haveli Khadeem which means old mansion was constructed for Sikander Jah Asaf Jah III (1803–1829) by his father Ali Khan Bahadur Asaf Jah II.The 2nd Nizam Mir Nizam Ali Khan had taken over this from Rukunudhaulah of the Momin dynasty in 1717. The main building is a symbol of 18th century European architecture.
 John Cotting House is a historic house at 74 Main Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.The Greek Revival house was built in 1851. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The John Cotting House is currently the location for the law offices of Stephen G. Morte Joseph J. Connolly and Sem Aykanian.
 Yeşil Mosque of Iznik also called the Green Mosque is a historic Ottoman mosque in Iznik Turkey.
 J. Peter Lesley House in the Washington Square neighborhood of Philadelphia was the home for 27 years of John Peter Lesley a leading geologist.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994 and is also a contributing building in Clinton Street Historic District.
 St. Theresa's Church is a Catholic church in Gibraltar. It is located in northeastern Gibraltar along Devil's Tower Road.Former priests at the church include Bernard Devlin who went on to be the Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar. The Gibraltar government proposed to rename the road which the church is on Bishop Devlin Lane but the name Devil's Tower Road was retained. The foundation stone of the new church was laid in 1992 by Bishop Devlin. St.
 Wesley Church is a Uniting Church in the centre of Melbourne in the State of Victoria Australia.Wesley Church was originally built as the central church of the Wesleyan movement in Victoria. It is named after John Wesley (1703–1791) the founder of Methodism.
 Preston Crossing is a big box shopping area (or power centre) in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is located at Preston Avenue North and Circle Drive and was the first major big box shopping area in Saskatoon other than minor ones like River City Centre.
 Simon Pickle Stone House is a historic home located at Miles Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1833 and is a 2 1/2-story sandstone building with a 1 1/2-story kitchen wing. It has a two-story frame store and summer kitchen addition built about 1850. The house was remodeled between 1911 and 1920.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 O.H.P. Tanner House locally known as the Old Courthouse is a historic home located at La Crosse Mecklenburg County Virginia. It was built about 1769 and is a 1 1/2-story 28-foot square gambrel-roofed double-pile Georgian style frame dwelling. The house was remodeled about 1820 and a rear ell added about 1923. It was moved to its present location in 2006 and a substantial rehabilitation was completed in 2009.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Alsunga Castle (Latvian: Alsungas pils; German: Schloss Alschwangen) is a castle in Alsunga village in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia. It was built for the Livonian Order during the first half of the 14th century.
 Friar Park is a 120-room Victorian neo-Gothic mansion in Henley-on-Thames once owned by an eccentric lawyer named Sir Frank Crisp and purchased in January 1970 by musician George Harrison. Since the early 1970s the property has become synonymous with the former Beatle's home studio known as FPSHOT.
 Country Club Mall is a shopping mall located in La Vale Maryland a suburb of Cumberland Maryland in Allegany County Maryland. The mall has 60 retail units as well as 7 vendor stands on the main concourse. The largest retailers in the mall are Wal-Mart the Bon-Ton Sears and JCPenney. Also located in the Country Club Mall is the Country Club Mall 8 Cinemas the largest movie theatre in Allegany County. The mall is managed by Gumberg Asset Management Corp.
 Lyngen Church (Norwegian: Lyngen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Lyngseidet. The church is part of the Lyngen parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1782 and was extensively remodeled in 1846. The roof is made of red panels and the steeple is clad in copper. The church seats about 300 people.
 St John the Baptist's Church Yarburgh is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Yarburgh Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The village lies away from main roads some 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Louth.
 Soldiers' Memorial Tower is a historic war memorial located at Brockport in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1894 and is a commemorative monument to memorialize the town of Sweden's Civil War dead and marked the location of a small plot of land set aside for the free interment of local veterans.
 South Park is a 24-block area of more than 700 structures primarily dating from the 1880s to the early twentieth century. It is located south of downtown Dayton Ohio just north of the University of Dayton campus and Woodland Cemetery and east of Miami Valley Hospital. Mainly residential in character South Park is significant because of the variety of its architecture which includes vernacular cottage and high style examples and because of its association with John H.
 Liberty Hall is a historic building on Main Street in the Marstons Mills village of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story structure was built in 1859 by a local community group as a function hall. It has modest Greek Revival styling with an entablature and corner pilasters. It continues to be used as a community function space although it was adapted for a time as the local church's parish hall.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Holt–Saylor–Liberto House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 John M. Earle House is a historic house located at 352 Durfee Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1870 by John M. Earle a carpenter in the Italianate Villa style. The Earle House is located on Durfee Street in a once more fashionable neighborhood which has suffered from downtown commercial encroachment.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Mesa Historical Museum is a historical museum in Mesa Arizona United States. It was opened in 1987 by the Mesa Historical Society to preserve the history of Mesa Arizona. The museum's exhibits include a comprehensive history of Mesa a replica of an early adobe one-room schoolhouse as well as three additional galleries of changing exhibits. The museum also maintains a large collection of historic agricultural equipment.The museum buildings are in fact the museum's largest artifacts.
 Pownalborough Courthouse is a historic court house on Cedar Grove Road in Dresden Maine.It was built in 1761 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Forks of Cypress was a plantation and Greek Revival plantation house near Florence in Lauderdale County Alabama. It was designed by architect William Nichols for James Jackson and his wife Sally Moore Jackson. Construction was completed in 1830. It was the only Greek Revival house in Alabama to feature a two-story colonnade around the entire house composed of twenty-four Ionic columns.
 The ABA Museum of Law opened in November 1996 in Chicago Illinois by the American Bar Association is the only national museum that focuses on the role of law and the legal profession in America and throughout the world. Its goal is to engage the public in the legal system and make it relevant in their lives.
 St David's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Dalkeith Midlothian. It was founded in 1854 by Lady Cecil the wife of John Kerr 7th Marquess of Lothian and daughter of Charles Chetwynd-Talbot 2nd Earl Talbot. It was designed by Joseph Hansom and is a category A listed building.
 The Adelaide Pre-Release Centre is a minimum security Australian prison facility in Regency Park South Australia Australia.Adelaide Pre-Release Centre
 The Harvey H. Cluff house is a house in central Provo Utah United States built in 1877 that is on the National Register of Historic Places. It was originally owned by Harvey H. Cluff.
 The 2nd Affiliated Hospital Yuying Children's Hospital of Wenzhou Medical College & Zhejiang Provincial Yuying Hospital is a Grade 3A comprehensive hospital as well as the 2nd Clinical and Pediatric Clinical Institute of Wenzhou Medical College.
 The John Minor Wisdom U.S. Court of Appeals Building is a historic courthouse located at New Orleans in Orleans Parish Louisiana. It is a courthouse for the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
 The Motorcycle Hall of Fame Museum is an offshoot of the American Motorcyclist Association that recognizes individuals who have contributed to motorcycle sport motorcycle construction and motorcycling in general. It displays motorcycles and riding gear and memoribilia. The museum is located in Pickerington a suburb of Columbus Ohio United States.
 The Bosmal City Center (BCC) (Bosnian: Bosmalov gradski centar) is a business and residential tower located in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina. Standing 118 m (387 ft) high it is the second tallest residential building in the Balkans. In addition to apartment units the complex houses several amenities including restaurants salons and shops.The Bosmal City Center was the project of Bosnian firm Bosmal created in 2001 by the Šabanović Brothers[citation needed].
 The Lam Tara Towers was a complex of two towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. They were supposed to be built along Sheikh Zayed Road opposite to Millennium Tower. Bin Manama tower 1 was designed to have 77 storeys and has a total structural height of 384 m (1260 ft). However in December 2010 the construction of the twin towers was cancelled.
 The Church of St John the Baptist Leamington Spa is a Grade II* listed parish church in Leamington Spa England.
 The Glenark Mills or Glenark Landing is a historic mill site on 64 East Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The original stone section of this mill was constructed 1865 by William Norton and was enlarged with a brick addition in 1885. Originally a cotton mill the building was converted for use as a knitting mill and then as a worsted mill. Glenark Mills was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The building has now been converted to apartments.
 N. S. Memorial Institute of Medical Sciences (NSMIMS) is a co-operative hospital located in Palathara Kollam Kerala India.It was founded in 2000 in memory of N. Sreedharan (died 1985) a communist organizer who was a member of the secretariat of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). The hospital has 13 specialty departments and 40 doctors including 25 post graduate doctors and more than 250 medical and paramedical staff. It has a full range of services.
 The Harry Oppenheimer Diamond Museum is a museum located in the Diamond Exchange District of Ramat Gan Israel. The permanent collection consists of rough and finished diamonds and gemstones and provides information on the history and industry of diamonds. The museum was founded in 1986 in honor of Harry Oppenheimer.Moshe Schnitzer was responsible for establishing the museum and was its Chairman until July 2003.In 2008 the museum was reopened after major renovations.
 WD Moore & Co Warehouse complex is on Henry Street Fremantle. It was unified in 1899 behind an ornamental stucco facade. A store was established on the site by Samuel Moore in the 1840s. William Dalgety Moore later established a general merchant business there in 1862. The complex comprises a residence warehouse factory stable offices and shop built between 1862 and 1899 in addition to a three storey backstore which was built at an unknown date possibly as early as 1844.
 Sky Tower Abu Dhabi is a 292 metre tall skyscraper with 74 floors in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. It is located on Al Reem Island and includes office and residential space. Construction was completed in 2010 when it was the city's largest building but has been overtaken by The Landmark since see also Abu Dhabi skyscrapers.
 The Spring Hill College Quadrangle is a grouping of historic structures on the campus of Spring Hill College in Mobile Alabama United States. The original main building was constructed in 1831 in the Greek Revival style but burned in 1869. It was replaced within the year by a new main building on the same site in a Neo-Renaissance style. St. Joseph's Chapel was built c.1910 in the Gothic Revival style on the northern side of the quadrangle with the main building on the southern side.
 The Journey Museum and Gardens is a museum in Rapid City South Dakota USA with 7 acres (28000 m2) of gardens. It is set up as a journey through the history of the Black Hills starting with the Native American creation stories moving into the 2.5 billion years of history in the rock record with the geology exhibit paleontology archaeology Native American inhabitants and concluding with the pioneers that traveled west.
 Great Ormond Street Hospital (informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street formerly the Hospital for Sick Children) is a children's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of London and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust.Great Ormond Street Hospital is closely associated with University College London (UCL) and in partnership with the UCL Institute of Child Health which it is located adjacent to is the largest centre for research and postgraduate teaching in children’s health in Europe. 
 The Berlin State Museums (German: Staatliche Museen zu Berlin) are a group of institutions in Berlin Germany comprising seventeen museums in five clusters several Research Institutes libraries and supporting facilities. They are overseen by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation and funded by the German federal government in collaboration with Germany's federal states. The central complex on Museum Island was added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in 1999.
 The Teacher-Student Centre or TSC of the University of Dhaka is an important social and activity centre which is equally a historically significant architectural monument. It is situated within the Dhaka University campus area Shahbagh Dhaka Bangladesh. It certainly has emerged to render service to the student and teacher as well as to other communities of the society with its facilities nurturing the country’s culture in its own right.
 South End District is a historic district in the South Bay area between Huntington and Harrison Avenues in Boston Massachusetts.The District was built in 1848 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Hatheway Homestead also known as Tinelli's Hathaway House is a historic home located at Solon in Cortland County New York. It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story main block built in 1844 with a later 2-story wing addition in the Greek Revival style. It was built by Major General Samuel G. Hathaway (1790–1867). The main block is constructed of smooth-surfaced fieldstone and wing of random ashlar stone blocks. The main block features a distinctive parapet of alternating balustrade and panels.
 Tower of Power is a 777 ft (236.8 m) 100000 Watt TPO transmitter of GMA Network located in Tandang Sora Barangay Culiat Quezon City. It serves as a transmitter facility for both GMA GMA News TV and Barangay LS 97.1.
 The Milan and Margaret Packard House at 110 W 100 S in Springville Utah was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was built of fired brick.
 Cantina Mariachi is a chain of franchised casual restaurants with a Mexican-style theme. It belongs to the Comess Group which also owns themed chains Pasta City (Italian) Rock & Ribs (American) and Bazaar (Arabic and Middle Eastern).
 The Church of Saint Faith of Sélestat (French: Église Sainte-Foy de Sélestat) is a major Romanesque architecture landmark along the Route Romane d'Alsace in the East of France.
 This is an article about a men's penitentiary in Illinois in the United States. For the women's prison in Quebec Canada see Joliette Institution.Joliet Correctional Center (colloquially known as Joliet Prison) was a prison in Joliet Illinois United States from 1858 to 2002. It is featured in the motion picture The Blues Brothers as the prison from which Jake Blues is released at the beginning of the movie.
 The Catholic church of St Paul the Apostle in Bossiney Road Tintagel Cornwall was built in 1967 and consecrated by the Bishop of Plymouth Cyril Restieaux in February 1968. It was originally a CRL mission administered by the Canons Regular of the Lateran based in Bodmin services being held in the Social Hall. It is now administered as part of the Plymouth UK Diocese and is part of the Parish of Bodmin which consists of churches in Bodmin Wadebridge Padstow and Tintagel. Fr.
 The Main Street Historic District in Danbury Connecticut United States is the oldest section of that city at its geographical center. It has long been the city's commercial core and downtown. Its 132 buildings 97 of which are considered contributing properties include government buildings churches commercial establishments and residences all in a variety of architectural styles from the late 18th century to the early 20th.
 The Bemis Bag Company Building is located at 1102-1118 Jones Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1887 in a commercial style the building was designed by the prolific Omaha architecture firm of Mendelssohn and Lawrie. It was designated an Omaha Landmark on September 12 1978 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 11 1985.
 The Buckingham Square Historic District is a historic district in Hartford Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 with an area of 8 acres (3.2 ha) and included 60 contributing buildings. The district is located in the area around Buckingham Square Park.The district boundaries were increased in 1982 to add one more contributing building on an 0.9 acres (0.36 ha) area. The added building was designed by George Zunner and was built in 1907.
 St John's Cathedral is the Anglican cathedral of Brisbane and the metropolitan cathedral of the ecclesiastical province of Queensland Australia.
 The Aztec Theatre is a historic theater in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.
 The Al Tayer Tower is a 59-floor residential tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Its location along Sheikh Zayed Road gives it close proximity to Downtown Dubai (the district that includes the Burj Khalifa and the Dubai Mall) and Business Bay. The design of the tower was completed in 2005 but ground works did not begin until Spring 2006. The building began to rise above ground level in December 2006. The first glass was put on the building in April 2007 but this was only two windows.
 The May-Stringer House home of the Hernando Heritage Museum is a historic residential building in Brooksville Florida United States. It is located at 601 Museum Court. On March 8 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is home to the May-Stringer Heritage Museum.
 First Presbyterian Church of Ontario Center is a historic Presbyterian church located at Ontario Center in Wayne County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a Tudor Revival style concrete block church cast to resemble rusticated masonry. It is roughly square in plan and topped by a cross gable roof. The front facade features a massive square corner tower capped with a crennelated parapet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Barberville Central High School (also known as the Pioneer Settlement for Creative Arts) is a historic school in Barberville Florida United States. It is located at 1776 Lightfoot Lane. On February 3 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Canada Life Building in Montreal Quebec Canada was completed in 1895 by Buffalo New York architect Richard Waite and is an example of a first-generation skyscraper. Located in the heart of what was once Canada's financial capital on St. James Street in what is now Old Montreal the Canada Life Building was the first building in Montreal to utilize an eight-storey steel structure.
 Castle of Loulé (Portuguese: Castelo de Loulé) is a castle in the municipality of Loulé in the Portuguese Algarve. Classified a National Monument since 20 June 1924 three towers remain within the cordon of walls the remnants of the alcaldaria located within the structure.
 Woodrow Wilson Junior High School or Woodrow Wilson Middle School in Terre Haute Indiana was built in 1927 for approximately $750000. Designed by the firm of Miller & Yeager Architects the structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The interior of the school's main entrance features several large-scale murals by Gilbert Brown Wilson completed in 1935.
 Fuglsang Art Museum (Denmark: Fuglsang Kunstmuseum) is an art museum set in rural surroundings in Guldborgsund Municipality on the island of Lolland in Denmark. It is part of the Fuglsang Cultural Centre. The museum features Danish art with an emphasis on artists and motifs of local provenance.The museum is located in a purpose-built building designed by Tony Fretton.
 Cross Roads Presbyterian Church and Cemetery and Stainback Store are historic buildings in Mebane North Carolina.The buildings were built in 1876 and listed on the National Register in 1984.
 North Abington Depot is an historic site on Railroad Street in North Abington Massachusetts. It is located across from the intersection of Harrison Avenue and Railroad Street along what is today the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's Plymouth/Kingston Line.The site was built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Island of Happy Days is a historic estate located on Stout Island in Red Cedar Lake Barron County Wisconsin. Built from 1909 to 1911 the estate was a summer home for the family of Frank Deming Stout heir to the Knapp Stout & Co. fortune. The estate was designed by Arthur Heun in a rustic style resembling Adirondack resorts. Stout and his family visited the home until Stout's death in 1927; he called it the dearest place on earth.
 The McCall Street Historic District in Waukesha Wisconsin is a historic district that was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 1983 it included 51 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of its 13-acre (5.3 ha) area. In 1993 the boundaries were increased to include a 40-acre (16 ha) area having 100 contributing buildings. (The increase amounts were either in addition to or now totalling that area size and building counts.)
 The Louisiana's Old State Capitol is a building in Baton Rouge Louisiana United States that housed the Louisiana State Legislature from the mid-19th century until the current capitol tower building was constructed in 1929. It is built both to look like and function like a castle and has led some locals to call it the Louisiana Castle the Castle of Baton Rouge the Castle on the River or the Museum of Political History though most people just call it the old capitol building.
 The Media 1 Tower is a 43-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 175 m (574 ft). It topped out in early 2007 and was completed in early 2008. The building is being leased by Refad Hotel Group a Kuwait based company. The first 19 floors will be home to The Square Media 1. A 4 star plus hotel catering for business and leisure while the remaining floors will be offices.
 One Brickell City Centre is a proposed 80 story 1102 feet (336 meters) tall mixed use skyscraper in the city of Miami Florida. If built it will be considered the tallest building in the southeast as the current Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta) is only 1023 feet (312 meters) tall. It would also be the tallest building in the city of Miami as the current Four Seasons Hotel Miami is only 789 feet (240 meters) tall.
 Haukedalen Church (Norwegian: Haukedalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Førde Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Haukedalen. The church is part of the Holsen og Haukedalen parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1885 by the architect Hartvig Sverdrup Eckhoff.
 Bennett Cockayne House is a historic home located at Glen Dale Marshall County West Virginia. It was built about 1850 in a vernacular I-house style. It is a two-story wood-frame building with wooden clapboard siding and a slate roof. Also on the property are a contributing supply shed (c. 1900) and water pump (c. 1900).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Wellington Correctional Centre an Australian maximum security prison for males and females is located in Wellington New South Wales Australia 360 kilometres (220 mi) west of Sydney. The facility is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The Centre accepts sentenced and unsentenced felons under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation.
 Jamia Masjid is a mosque in Srinagar Jammu & Kashmir India. The Jamia Masjid of Srinagar is situated at Nowhatta in the middle of the old city. An important mosque in Srinagar it was built by Sultan Sikandar in 1400 AD. Later the son of Sultan Sikandar Zain-ul-Abidin got the mosque extended. The attractions of the Jamia Masjid of Srinagar Kashmir include beautiful Indo-Saracenic architecture a magnificent courtyard and 370 wooden pillars.
 The Veterans of Foreign Wars Parkway (referred to locally as the VFW Parkway) is a historic parkway in Boston Massachusetts. The parkway begins at Spring Street in West Roxbury at the Charles River and ends at Centre Street at the Arnold Arboretum. The parkway was built in 1931 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The parkway passes through the southern corner of the town of Brookline south of Bournewood Hospital near the intersection with the West Roxbury Parkway.
 Friends Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic Quaker meeting house and cemetery at 234 W. Main Road in Little Compton Rhode Island. It is operated by the Little Compton Historical Society.The meeting house was built in 1815 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Chinese-American Museum of Chicago seeks to commemorate and interpret the experiences of Chinese immigrants to the American midwest. The museum opened in 2005 in Chicago's Chinatown neighborhood. Although it suffered a damaging fire in 2008 it reopened its renovated quarters the Raymond B. & Jean T. Lee Center in 2010.
 Valley View is a mid-19th century Greek Revival residence and associated farm overlooking the South Branch Potomac River north of Romney West Virginia. Valley View is located along Depot Valley Road. The South Branch Valley Railroad runs adjacent to the farm's property and is currently utilized by the Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad. The Valley View property had been a part of the South Branch Survey of Thomas Fairfax 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron's Northern Neck Proprietary.
 Rhode Island School of Design Museum affiliated with the well-known Rhode Island School of Design is a prominent art museum in Providence in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. The museum was founded in 1877 and is the 20th largest art museum in the United States.
 The Monastery of Horomos is a prominent 10th century Armenian monastic complex about 15 kilometers northeast of Ani in historical Armenia (now in Turkey). It is one of the most important religious and cultural centers within the Kingdom of Ani and was founded during the reign of King Abas the first (943-953).Some time after 1965 the Monastery of Horomos was partly destroyed most likely as part of the Turkish government's policy of cultural genocide.
 Porter Adventist Hospital is a 368-bed acute care hospital located in the University of Denver/Harvard Park area of Denver Colorado.Porter Adventist specializes in treating patients with cardiac care cancer care joint replacement spinal care and transplant needs.Porter is a regional referral center for complex medicine and surgeries such as kidney liver and pancreas transplants open-heart surgeries and cancer care.In 2009 Porter Adventist was recognized as achieving quality care nursing excellence and innovations in professional nursing practice by the American Nurses Credentialing Center. 
 The John Corliss House (or Kilton-Wilkinson House) is an historic American Colonial house at 201 South Main Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1746 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 East Point City (Chinese: 東港城) is a private housing estate and shopping centre in Hang Hau Tseung Kwan O New Territories Hong Kong near the Hang Hau MTR station. Built on reclaimed land and developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties the estate consists of seven high-rise buildings and a two storey shopping centre. A large-scale renovation of the shopping centre was completed in 2008.
 Shakujii castle (石神井城 -jō) was a Japanese castle located along the Shakujii River in what is now Shakujii Park in Tokyo's Nerima. The history of the inheritance of the feudal territory associated with it is the most clearly known of all territories in what is today Tokyo.The castle was strategically placed along the Shakujii River near Sanbō-tera Pond to control and defend the river valley.
 The Thomas R. Ayer House (also known as the Parr House) is a historic building in Oklawaha Florida at 11885 Southeast 128th Place. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Jackson School built in 1936 is located in Enid Garfield County Oklahoma and listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1989. It is one of three Mission/Spanish Colonial buildings in Enid. The other two are the 1928 Rock Island Depot also listed on the register and the Ehly house constructed in 1929 for local J.C. Penney's manager Gus Ehly. The building is constructed using buff brick and cast stone decorative molding.
 The National Press Monument (Indonesian: Monumen Pers Nasional) is a monument and museum to the national Indonesian press. Formally established in 1978 more than 20 years after it was first proposed the monument is located in Surakarta Central Java and operated by the Ministry of Communications and Information.
 The Francis Stuyvesant Peabody House is a historical Queen Anne Style residence in Hinsdale Illinois most notably owned by Francis S. Peabody of Peabody Coal from 1911 to 1921.
 The Pacific Science Center is a science museum located in Seattle Washington and designed by Minoru Yamasaki for 1962 World’s Fair in Seattle.
 Tappan Historic District is a national historic district located at Tappan in Rockland County New York. It encompasses 26 contributing buildings and three contributing sites. The district consists of 30 properties that reflect the historic commercial and residential core of the late 18th and 19th century village of Tappan.
 Mondamon Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Odessa New Castle County Delaware. The original section was built about 1840. It is a 2 1/2-story five-bay frame dwelling with a two-bay two-story shed roof service ell. Also on the property is a frame granary barn and 19th-century earthfast hay barrack.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Albert Fisher Mansion and Carriage House at 1206 West 200 South in Salt Lake City Utah United States was designed by architect Richard K.A. Kletting and was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.In 2006 the Salt Lake City government purchased the house which was originally the home of a prominent German brewer.
 Rockland Historic District is a national historic district at Brooklandville Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is located at the intersection of Old Court Road and Falls Road where Old Court turns into Ruxton Road. There are 15 buildings in the area including a general store tavern the shell of a blacksmith shop a carriage house several log buildings a group of stone rowhouses the Rockland Grist Mill and an 18th-century dwelling.
 Løkta Church (Norwegian: Løkta kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandåker on the island of Løkta. The church is part of the Dønna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church building was constructed in 1968. It seats about 90 people.
 The Jerome H. Remick and Company Building is an early 20th-century office building located at 1250 Library Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It later became an annex of the J. L. Hudson Company and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Girard Public Library a Carnegie library was established in 1899 in Girard Kansas United States. The original building was constructed in 1906 at 128 West Prairie Avenue and is now on the National Register of Historic Places. It was the first free library in the city.
 Pinnacle Hills Promenade is a retail lifestyle center in Rogers Arkansas. Opened in 2006 it features Cabela's Dillard's J. C. Penney Target and Best Buy as its anchor stores. It also includes a Malco Theatres movie theater and a food court. Adjacent to the mall is a power center Pinnacle Hills Crossing which features several big box stores. It is owned by General Growth Properties.
 The American House (est1835) was a hotel in Boston Massachusetts located on Hanover Street.Abraham W. Brigham Lewis Rice (1837-1874) Henry B. Rice (1868-1888) and Allen E. Jones (c. 1921) served as proprietors. In 1851 the building was expanded. In 1868 it had the first hotel passenger elevator in Boston. By the 1860s it also had billiard halls telegraph office and cafe. In the late nineteenth century it was described as the headquarters of the shoe-and-leather trade in the city.
 The Old National Bank building located in Spokane Washington was completed in 1911 and was the first skyscraper located in the Inland Northwest. This fifteen story tower reaches to a height of 217 feet (66 m) above the Spokane valley and remained the tallest building in the city until the Paulsen Center was completed across the street on Riverside Ave. The Old National Bank building served as a symbol of prosperity for the rising economy of the Inland Empire.
 Shāh Chérāgh (Persian: شاه چراغ‎) is a funerary monument and mosque in Shiraz Iran housing the tomb of the brothers Ahmad and Muhammad sons of Mūsā al-Kādhim and brothers of ‘Alī ar-Ridhā. The two took refuge in the city during the Abbasid persecution of Shia Muslims.
 St. Peter's Church (German: Hauptkirche St. Petri German coll.: Petrikirche) in Hamburg stands on the site of many former cathedrals. Built by order of Pope Leo X it has been a Protestant cathedral since the Reformation and its congregation forms part of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Northern Germany.
 Mantri Square (Kannada: ಮಂತ್ರಿ ಸ್ಕ್ವೇರ್) is a shopping mall situated in the Malleswaram locality in Bangalore Karnataka India. Mantri square is one of the biggest malls in the country and one of the popular malls in the city.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Wapakoneta Ohio United States. Built in 1910 this church is home to an active Catholic parish and it has been declared a historic site because of its well-preserved Romanesque Revival architecture.
 The Hualien County Stone Sculptural Museum (Chinese: 花蓮縣石雕博物館; pinyin: Huālián Xiàn Shídiāo Bówùguǎn) is a museum of stone sculpture in Hualien City Hualien County Taiwan.
 The Château de Guilleragues is a medieval previously ruined but restored castle in the commune of Saint-Sulpice-de-Guilleragues in the Gironde département of France.This early 14th-century castle built at the side of a small valley consists of a long rectangular building composed of a fortified house flanked by two towers and two watchtowers at either extremity of an annexe of the same height from 1564.
 The Elks Club was a historic clubhouse building located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was designed by noted Ohio architect Frank L. Packard and built in 1915. It was a four-story three-bay by six-bay wide red brick building with terra cotta trim in the Classical Revival style. The first two stories were faced in smooth dressed stone and feature arched apertures with central consoles.
 Chinqua Penn Plantation is an English manor home mansion near Reidsville North Carolina in Rockingham County (about 25 miles north of Greensboro NC) and was built by Thomas Jefferson Penn (Jeff 1875–1946) and Margaret Beatrice Shoellkopf Penn (Betsy 1881–1965) in the 1920s.
 The Prime Tower also named Maag-Tower in an earlier stage of planning is a skyscraper in Zurich Switzerland. It is the highest skyscraper in Switzerland at a height of 126 metres (413 ft).The building is located near the Hardbrücke railway station. The tower replaces an industrial facility that has been demolished.
 Mountain View Farm also known as Spencer Plantation and Mountain View Farm at Rebec Vineyards is a historic home and farm located near Clifford Amherst County Virginia. The property includes an 18th-century mansion built about 1777 a 19th-century cottage and five other supporting buildings. The main house is a standard timber frame two-story three bay I-house with a rear ell addition. It is sheathed in weatherboard with end chimneys. It was moved to its present site in 1831.
 Albert Slingerlands House is a historic home located at Slingerlands in Albany County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a 2-story frame Greek Revival–style dwelling. It consists of a 2-story gable-front main block with a 1 1⁄2-story side ell with a projecting porch. Also on the property are two 2-story frame barns dated to about 1840 and a brick smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Young Women's Christian Association of Plainfield and North Plainfield is a historic building in Plainfield Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Southmead Hospital is a large hospital situated in the northern suburbs of Bristol England part of the North Bristol NHS Trust. A new acute hospital is currently under construction and its due to open in May 2014.
 Golder Cottage is one of the oldest surviving colonial houses in Upper Hutt New Zealand. The house is used as a museum of colonial domestic life.John Golder a road builder in Wellington built the cottage in 1876-77. Around the same time he married Jane Martin and together they raised 12 children in the house. The cottage remained in the family for over 100 years until the Upper Hutt City Council bought the property.
 Westfield UTC formerly University Towne Centre (UTC) is an open-air shopping mall in the University City community of San Diego California. It lies just east of La Jolla near the University of California San Diego campus. Owned by the Westfield Group its anchor stores are Macy's Nordstrom and Sears.
 St Bridget's lies at the north end of the village of Skenfrith Monmouthshire Wales. It was listed as a Grade I listed building in 19 November 1953.
 The Lincoln Creek Snowshoe Cabin was built in Glacier National Park. It has also been known as Lincoln Creek Cabin and as Building Inventory No. 617.
 Second Christian Church is a historic church located at 401 N. 5th Columbia Missouri. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Church of Our Lady of Sorrows (Spanish: Nuestra Señora de los Dolores) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 105 Pitt Street and Stanton Street Manhattan New York City. The area was formerly known as Kleindeutschland (Little Germany). It was established in 1867 as Our Lady of the Seven Dolors Church and staffed by the Capuchin Friars.
 Erlanger Buildings is a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of a four-structure turn-of-the-20th-century loft complex. The buildings range in size from two- to six-stories high and feature iron storefronts and stone detailing. They were built between 1892 and 1910. The buildings served as the home of the Erlanger Manufacturing Company which produced BVD brand underwear.
 Waddell House also known as Pastorium of the First Baptist Church or Van Amburg House in Lexington Missouri was built in 1840. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 This article is about the building. For the subway station whose name is that of the building see Eastern Market (Washington Metro). The Eastern Market is a public market in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington D.C. housed in a 19th-century brick building. It is located on 7th Street SE a few blocks east of the U.S. Capitol between North Carolina Avenue SE and C Street SE. The Eastern Market is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Jama Masjid or Jama Mosque or Jami Masjid or Bari Masjid is a 15th-century mosque in Jaunpur Uttar Pradesh India. It is one of the chief tourist attractions in Jaunpur.
 100 St Georges Terrace is a 24-storey skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. It is a mixed retail and commercial property located at 100 St Georges Terrace. The retail component named enex100 is made up of three floors of shops and food outlets between St Georges Terrace and the Hay Street Mall. The office tower is 103 metres (338 ft) high and the project was the first office building constructed in Perth to a 4.5-star Australian Building Greenhouse Rating.
 U.S. Post Office in San Pedro California is a historic Streamline Moderne Post Office built in 1935 as a Works Project Administration project. Designed by Louis A. Simon and Fletcher Martin in the WPA modern style a conservative or classicized Art Deco the San Pedro Post Office was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The building also formerly served as a U.S. Customs Office.
 The original log section of the Moses Brown House was built about 1785 with a stone addition dating to about 1814. The house illustrates a transition in construction practice and style with the much larger later addition reflecting a higher level of detail and sophistication.
 US Post Office-Forest Hills Station is a historic post office building located at Forest Hills in Queens County New York United States. It was built in 1937 and was designed by architect Lorimer Rich as a consultant to the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a one story flat roofed building clad with reddish brown terra cotta above a base of granite in the International style.
 The Marion County Courthouse is the seat of government for Marion County Ohio United States. Located at the heart of the city of Marion it is a sister of the courthouses that stand in Washington Court House in Fayette County Ohio and Charlotte Eaton County Michigan. All three were designed by architect David W.
 Gyu-Kaku (牛角 gyū kaku bull's horn) is a chain of Japanese yakiniku restaurants specializing in Japanese barbecue.There are approximately eight hundred Gyu-Kaku locations within Japan and locations have also been opened in the United States (New York City California Chicago Hawaii) Canada Hong Kong Taipei Thailand Indonesia Malaysia and Singapore. Gyu-kaku is part of Reins International Inc.
 The Toronto Centre for the Arts previously known as the Ford Centre for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center in Toronto. It opened in 1993 as the North York Performing Arts Centre and was designed by Canadian architect Eberhard Zeidler for musicals theatre productions and other performing arts.
 Mater Dolorosa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Holyoke Massachusetts United States. Founded 1896. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The architect for this church was George P. B. Alderman of Holyoke MA. According to the May 15 2011 parish bulletin the final mass was said on Sunday June 26 2011.
 17 King Street is a historic building situated on King Street in Bristol England.It dates from 1665 and together with number 18 King Street is operated as part of the Famous Royal Naval Volunteer public house. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 House on Ellicott's Hill also known as Connelly's Tavern James Moore House or Gilreath's Hill is a historic house in Natchez Mississippi. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974 and a Mississippi Landmark in 2001.
 George H. Lawton House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built about 1852 and is a 1 1⁄2-story cottage in the Gothic Revival style. It has board and batten siding exposed roof rafters and a 1-story porch with simple supports. It is a distinctive example of mid-19th-century pattern book architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Old Rectory is a grade II* listed Victorian moated Rectory located on the banks of the River Menalhyl in St Columb Major in Cornwall England in the United Kingdom. It is a major work by the architect William White. Commissioned by Dr Samuel Walker Rector of St Columb following speculation that the proposed Cornish bishopric would be based at St Columb. It was built in 1851 on the site of a 14th-century moated medieval house.
 The Morton County WPA Bridge near Richfield Kansas United States is a stone multi-arch bridge that was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).
 St Cuthbert's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Durham. It was founded in 1827 by the Society of Jesus. It is administered by the Dominican Order and serves as the chaplaincy for the nearby Durham University. The church is a protected building being part of the Elvet Green Conservation Area.
 Long Island Farm is a historic farmstead at 220 Cromwell Bridge Road in Parkville Maryland. The main house is a rambling multi-part building whose oldest part is said to date to 1764 when Isaac Risteau purchased the property. The main eastern block of the house is built of stone and is five bays wide but shows evidence that it once consisted of several separate sections that were built separately and then combined. The western block is a modern 20th century addition.
 Atakule is a 125m (410 feet) high communications and observation tower located in the Çankaya district of central Ankara Turkey and is one of the primary landmarks of the city. As the district of Çankaya is itself on a hill the tower can be spotted from almost anywhere in the city during clear days. The tower's design came from architect Ragıp Buluç and the construction works lasted from 1987 to 1989.
 The Jewelry Trade Center is a 59-story mixed-use skyscraper located in the Silom Road gemstone district of Bangkok Thailand. Designed by Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum the building was completed in 1996. It is currently the eighth tallest building in Thailand. It was the tallest building in Thailand when it was completed.The Center is the largest centre for selling sourcing and distributing jewelry in Bangkok and one of the largest such centres in Asia.
 Chalet Royal is a former restaurant located in Den Bosch in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the period 1958-1976 and 1998-2011.Chalet Royal was one of the founders of the Alliance Gastronomique Neerlandaise in 1967.Kees van Gaalen founded “Chalet Royal” in 1937 as a hotel-restaurant. He was already owner of restaurant Royal in the Visstraat when he decided to branch out and buy the villa.
 Helenstowe Nunnery was an Anglo-Saxon nunnery at Abingdon in the English county of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire).Helenstowe is said to have been founded by a certain Lady Cilla in the 670s. It was probably the nuns' part of a double monastery along with her brother’s abbey on Boar's Hill. It is believed to have stood on the site of St Helen's Church.
 The Royal Naval Hospital Gibraltar (RNH Gibraltar) formerly the British Military Hospital Gibraltar (BMH Gibraltar) was a military hospital founded c. 1903 to provide healthcare for British military personnel and local sailors. The facility located on Europa Road in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar's South District comprised three buildings. The hospital was transferred to the Royal Navy in 1963.
 Bear Grass Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church on the north side NC 1001 0.1 miles north of the junction with NC 1106 in Bear Grass North Carolina.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Oroville Hospital is the main hospital for the city of Oroville California. It is also a Level III trauma care center. The hospital was founded in 1962 and has grown from a modest community hospital supported by a small staff of doctors into a 153-bed acute care facility specializing in a broad range of inpatient and outpatient services including multiple physician practices.
 City Baths in Melbourne Australia is an architecturally and historically significant building. It is located at 420 Swanston Street.
 The M. Carey Thomas Library named after Bryn Mawr's first Dean and second President is a college library in Bryn Mawr College Pennsylvania. It was in use as a library until 1970 when the Mariam Coffin Canaday Library opened. Today it is primarily a space for performances readings lectures and public gatherings.
 Robert Young House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1856 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling with a gable roof in the Federal style. It features separated chimneys and Palladian windows in the gable ends. The house was built for Robert Young owner of the White Horse Tavern located across the intersection.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Snillfjord Church (Norwegian: Snillfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Snillfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in Krokstadøra the municipal center of Snillfjord. The building was built in 1898 and it was designed by the architect Ole Falck Ebbell. It is built out of wood and seats 250 people. The church was consecrated on 27 September 1899 by the Bishop Johannes Skaar.
 The Public Market also referred to as the Morrill Block is a four-story building in Dover New Hampshire.The building was built by architect Joseph Morrill between 1870-1874. First associated with the Morrill Furniture Company the building has remained a commercial space ever since and is currently home to among other things a restaurant and a wine shop.
 The John Harrington Stevens House was the first authorized house on the west bank of the Mississippi River in what would become Minneapolis in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was built in 1850 at Saint Anthony Falls by John H. Stevens on the site where the Minneapolis Post Office now sits.
 Wormeley Cottage also known as the Wormeley-Montague House is a historic home located at Urbanna Middlesex County Virginia. It was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story three-bay frame side passage plan dwelling. It has a narrow gable roof with dormers and features an asymmetrical chimney.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is located in the Urbanna Historic District.
 The Roslyn Grist Mill is located along Old Northern Boulevard in Roslyn New York United States. It was built sometime before the mid-18th century and is one of the few surviving Dutch colonial commercial frame buildings in the U.S. Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 it is currently being restored for use as a museum.
 Newent Priory was a priory in Gloucestershire England.
 Old Main is an academic building on the campus of Geneva College in Beaver Falls Pennsylvania United States. The structure was also the first building constructed on the campus after the college left its original location in Northwood Ohio.
 Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) is a 598-bed pediatric hospital located in Cincinnati Ohio. It is ranked third among all Honor Roll hospitals in the 2013 U.S. News & World Report survey of best children's hospitals. It is home to the country's busiest pediatric emergency department performs the second largest number of surgical procedures at a children's hospital in the nation and is Southwest Ohio's only Level I pediatric trauma center.
 Gokewell Priory was a Cistercian priory in Broughton Lincolnshire England. (53°34′52.098″N 0°34′51.245″W). It was founded by William de Alta Ripa and received other benefactions from Roger of St. Martin Adam Paynel and William de Romara.In 1440 there were eight nuns and was probably never much larger. Bishop Alnwick found the house very poor but in good order. It was dissolved before Michaelmas 1536.
 Reformed Dutch Church of Rensselaer in Watervliet (also known as Component No. 19) is a historic Reformed Dutch church at 210 Old Loudon Road in the hamlet of Latham town of Colonie Albany County New York. It was built in 1847 in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a pedimented roof and corner pilasters. It features a square bell tower atop the roof with a large channeled cornice with a flat roof.
 The Royal Exchange is a grade II listed building in Manchester England. It is located in the city centre on the land bounded by St Ann's Square Exchange Street Market Street Cross Street and Old Bank Street. The complex includes the Royal Exchange Theatre and the Royal Exchange Shopping Centre.The Royal Exchange was heavily damaged in the Manchester Blitz and in the 1996 Manchester bombing.
 Cholesbury Manor House which is close to the centre of Cholesbury Buckinghamshire is where the Lord of the Manor held his Court periodically between 1599 and 1607. The building dates back to the end of the 16th century. It is a Grade II Listed Building.
 Warrensburg Mills Historic District is a national historic district located at Warrensburg Warren County New York. It includes 58 contributing buildings and four contributing structures. It encompasses a number of mill complexes and homes related to the development of Warrensburg. It includes a mill dam Emerson Sawmill (ca. 1820) grist mill early shirt factory (1878) later shirt factory (1898) office building (1855) coal storage shed (ca.
 The William Trent House the oldest house in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States was built for William Trent. He founded the eponymous town which became the capital of New Jersey. It has served as the residence for three Governors.During the Summer of 1798 the federal government evacuated to Trenton to escape a yellow fever epidemic plaguing the temporary national capital Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Strawberry Hill is an historic farmstead located in a rural area within the town of Rhinebeck New York. It contains several contributing structures including an eighteenth-century farmhouse a Dutch barn complex a well a wellhouse an outhouse and two sheds. The property is characterized by a mix of wooded terrain and open fields. It became a National Register of Historic Places listing on July 9 1987.
 Nimb Hotel or simply the Nimb is a five-star boutique hotel in the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen Denmark. The hotel is located in a historic building from 1909 built in a Moorish-inspired Historicist style. In 2009 Condé Nast Traveller ranked it as #40 on their list of the best hotels in the world.
 Biddle House is a historic home located near Port Penn and St. Georges New Castle County Delaware. The house underwent five distinct periods of growth and in the process has grown from a one-room-plan plank house to an extended rambling two-story structure. The earliest section was built about 1780 with the first modification made in the early-19th century. It was later expanded during the Victorian era with wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Sundance School also known as Old Stoney was built in 1923 in Sundance Wyoming to serve both the elementary and the high school students of Crook County School District #1. The two story sandstone building is one of the largest buildings in Sundance. It served the community as a school until 1971.The school measures about 57 feet (17 m) by 89 feet (27 m) on a raised basement story with two principal stories and an attic under a steep cross-gabled roof.
 The Wood County Courthouse is a Neo-Romanesque building in Parkersburg West Virginia in the United States. The courthouse was built in 1899 by local contractors Caldwell & Drake according to the plans of architect L. W. Thomas of Canton Ohio replacing an earlier courthouse. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 for its architectural significance.
 St. Paul's Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation located in the community of Leaskdale Ontario part of Uxbridge Township Ontario Canada. It was started in March 1862 with thirteen Charter members as the Scott Township mission of the Canada Presbyterian Church.The first building was opened in November 1864 on land given by Mr. George Leask. It was linked that year to Chalmer's Presbyterian Church now St.
 The Galli-Curci Theatre is located on Main Street (state highway NY 30) in Margaretville New York United States. It is a brick building erected in the 1920s now primarily used as a store although some of the original theater remains.
 For other uses of Windsor Hotel see Windsor Hotel (disambiguation).The Windsor Hotel (Hôtel Windsor in French) (opened 1878 closed 1981) in Montreal Quebec Canada is often considered to be the first grand hotel in Canada and for decades billed itself as the best in all the Dominion.
 Maiden Castle is a settlement in Grinton North Yorkshire (grid reference SE02189808) which probably dates from the Iron Age. It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument. The name Maiden Castle is not unique to the site and occurs in several other places in Britain and probably means a fortification that looks impregnable or one that has never been taken in battle.The site measures 108 by 88 m (354 by 289 ft) covering about 7000 m2 (1.7 acres) and is pear-shaped.
 The Edificio Ex Hotel Mundial is a former hotel building in Santiago Chile. Located on a triangular lot the building was commissioned by La Mundial Insurance Company and built in 1920-1923.
 Otrøy Church (Norwegian: Otrøy kyrkje; historical: Sør-Aukra Church) is a parish church in Midsund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Uglvik a couple of kilometers northeast of the village of Midsund on the island of Otrøya. The church is part of the Midsund parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1878 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 300 people.
 Victoria Hospital in London Ontario is a large teaching hospital affiliated with Western University. Along with University Hospital it is part of London Health Sciences Centre. The dedication of Victoria Hospital occurred November 16 1899. At that time it replaced the London General Hospital which had been created in 1875. The first hospital on the grounds of Victoria Park was part of a military barracks.
 The Crescent Warehouse Historic District is a 10.5-acre (4.2 ha) historic district in Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 at which time it included 14 buildings and two railroad related structures deemed to be contributing to the historic character of the area.
 Sussex County Courthouse Historic District is a historic courthouse complex and national historic district located at Sussex Sussex County Virginia. The district encompasses four buildings in the complex: the clerk's office (1924) the court house the County Office Building jail and the Dillard House (c. 1800). Other buildings are the mid-19th century county treasurer's office and the John Bannister House.
 Clarksburg Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Clarksburg United Methodist Church) is a historic Methodist church at 512 County Road 524 in Millstone Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States.The church was built in 1845 in a Mid-19th Century Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Meridian Health Plan Headquarters is a proposed midrise in the Campus Martius district of downtown Detroit. The skyscraper will rise 16 stories with office space ground level retail outlets a state-of-the-art plaza and a 9 story 1000 space parking deck. This will be the first office building construction in Detroit since the completion of One Kennedy Square in 2006.
 Prince of Wales Hospital (Chinese: 威爾斯親王醫院) is a major public and teaching hospital located in Sha Tin New Territories in Hong Kong. The hospital is affiliated with the Medical Faculty of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.Named after and officially opened by Charles Prince of Wales in 1984 Prince of Wales Hospital now provides approximately 1360 hospital beds and 24 hours accident and emergency service with almost 4000 staff.
 Novotel Citygate Hong Kong (Chinese: 諾富特東薈城酒店) is a 4-star hotel in Hong Kong. It opened in April 2006 and is managed by Accor Hotels. Novotel Citygate has 440 rooms including 14 suites from 26 to 45 square meters 3 restaurants and a bar a gym center an outdoor swimming pool and meeting facilities.
 The Church of All Saints at Nunney Somerset England is a Grade I listed building dating from the 12th century.It was probably built on the site of an earlier Saxon or Norman church from which a Saxon cross and Norman font can still be seen. A 15th-century wagon or Barrel vault used to cover the nave however the timber rotted and it was demolished in 1957. A temporary roof was installed and hidden by a suspended ceiling.
 Agios Nikolaos is a village and former municipality of Achaia and municipal district of Larissou located on the border of the prefectures of Achaia and Ilia. The Municipal District Aghios Nikolaos Spata has a population of 539 inhabitants and includes San Nicolas (384 inhabitants) the village of Agios Konstantinos (140 inhabitants) and the Monastery of Saint Nicholas (15 inhabitants). The name of the village was Spata until 17 January 1957. The Monastery of St.
 George F. Schlicher Hotel is a historic hotel located at Alburtis Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877 and is a 3 1/2-story brick building in a Late Victorian style. It features elaborate porchway arches and gingerbread woodwork. A frame addition was built in the early 1900s. The building was converted to apartments in 1944.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Plaza Côte-des-Neiges is a mid-size two stories mall located in the Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce borough of Montreal Quebec Canada and constructed in 1968. It is operated by Gestion Plaza Côte-des-Neiges which has its headquarters in the office building adjacent to the mall. The Plaza has over 100 stores including: Canadian Tire Walmart Marché Fu Tai Dollarama Bell and The Source.
 Gen. John G. Weaver House is a historic home located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built about 1815 and is a massive 2-story brick hip roofed double pile building in the Federal style. It is composed of a 2-story five-by-four-bay rectangular main block with a 2-story gable-roofed rear wing. It is believed that the home was designed by Philip Hooker or someone strongly influenced by his work.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Hadland Fishing Camp is a historic fishing camp in the Apostle Islands of Ashland County Wisconsin. Built in 1938 the camp is located on the eastern shore of Rocky Island and is part of the Rocky Island Historic District. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 18 1977.Christian Hadland immigrated from Egersund Norway in 1905 and fished with his brother from a camp on Outer Island. In 1938 he moved his operations to this site on Rocky Island.
 The Infinity or 300 Spear Street is a mixed-use residential condominium development in San Francisco California consisting of 2 high-rise towers and 2 low-rise buildings. The four buildings contain 650 residential units. The complex is the first phase of a massive residential development encompassing two city blocks.
 Inisfada was the Manhasset Long Island estate of Nicholas and Genevieve Brady a papal duke and duchess. The name was Gaelic for Long Island. After the death of the duchess it was left to a Jesuit order. For many decades it was known as the St. Ignatius Retreat House. Despite efforts to preserve the mansion by preservation groups and activists it was controversially demolished in 2013 after being sold to a Hong Kong-based development company.
 The Fitz Henry Lane House is a historic house at 8 Harbor Loop Road on the harbor side of Rogers Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. The three story stone Gothic Revival building was built in 1849 by the artist Fitz Henry Lane and was his home until his death in 1865. The building now sits in a municipal park and has a commanding view of the harbor.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Old Central is the oldest building on the Oklahoma State University campus in Stillwater Oklahoma. Originally built in 1894 it was the first permanent building on the Oklahoma A&M campus. Old Central's bell clapper once served as a traveling trophy in the Bedlam Series athletics rivalry between Oklahoma State University and the University of Oklahoma.
 Dollarway Road is a road near Redfield Arkansas that was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1974. The boundary of the NRHP-listed area was increased in 1999.
 Manukau Supa Centa is a regional shopping centre located at the intersection of Cavendish and Lambie Drives in Manukau City a suburb of Auckland New Zealand.
 Tulip Hill is a plantation house that was built between 1755 and 1756 one mile from Galesville in Anne Arundel County in the Province of Maryland. Tulip Hill was built before the American War of Independence.The house sits atop a ridge and overlooks the West River. The house was built by Samuel Galloway for his wife Ann (Chew) Galloway. They married in 1742.
 First Baptist Church is a Southern Baptist megachurch located in Dallas Texas. It was established in 1868 and as of 2011 has a congregation of about 10000. The church considered influential among evangelical Christians in the United States also owns and operates a school a college several radio stations and Dallas Life a mission for the homeless on the southern edge of Downtown Dallas. The current pastor is Robert Jeffress. Dr.
 The Manchester Assize Courts were law courts once located on Great Ducie Street in Strangeways Manchester in England. From 1864 to 1877 the 85 metre building was the tallest in Manchester before being overtaken by the Manchester Town Hall. Widely admired it has been referred to as one of Britain's 'lost buildings'.
 The Daniel Webster Memorial is a monument in Washington D.C. honoring U.S. statesman Daniel Webster. It is located near Webster's former home at 1603 Massachusetts Avenue Northwest beside Scott Circle at the intersection of Massachusetts Avenue and Rhode Island Avenue. The statue of Webster was given to the United States government by Stilson Hutchins founder of the Washington Post and a fellow native of New Hampshire.
 The Château des Tours is a château in the commune of Montagne in the Gironde department in the Aquitane region of south-western France.
 The Nabi Yahya Mosque (Arabic: جامع النبي يحيى‎ Jama'a Nabi Yahya meaning mosque of the Prophet John) is the main mosque in the village of Sebastia near Nablus. It is located in the central square of the village. It is constructed of large buttressed walls. Within its courtyard a stairway in the small domed building leads down into a cave. There are six burial niches here among them are the tombs of Elisha Obadiah and John the Baptist.
 Dr. John Christie Ware Bungalow is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1909 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 First Presbyterian Church Leavenworth is a historic Presbyterian church at 407 Walnut Street in Leavenworth Kansas. It was designed by architect William Pratt Feth and built in 1907.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Harald is a chain of restaurants in Finland. Currently the chain includes eight restaurants in Helsinki Jyväskylä Kuopio Lahti Oulu Tampere and Turku.The Harald restaurants are themed after the Viking era. The menu consisting mostly of meat and fish in various forms accompanied with vegetables and sauces is close to what the Vikings may have eaten but slightly enhanced to suit the modern taste. Even the interior and the outfits of the staff have a Viking era look.
 The Mississippi State Capitol in Jackson Mississippi is the state capitol building of the U.S. state of Mississippi housing the Mississippi Legislature. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 and designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1986.
 Hopewell Presbyterian Church and Hopewell Cemetery is a historic church at 5314 Old River Road in Florence South Carolina.It was built in 1779 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Glebe of Westover Parish is a historic home located near Ruthville Charles City County Virginia. It built about 1745 as a 1 1/2-story five-bay brick building with an early-19th century rear ell. It reflects Colonial and Federal style design elements. It also has an early-20th century one-story frame wing. It was built as a glebe house for Westover Parish.
 The Aston Hippodrome (grid reference SP072890) also known as The Hipp was a popular theatre in the Aston area of Birmingham England.It was opened to the public on 7 December 1908 after the completion of construction at a cost of £10000.
 The Union Main Street Historic District comprises a primarily commercial portion of Union Oregon United States including some civic and residential resources as well. The buildings of Union's downtown core and oldest residential neighborhoods recall the town's long and vitalizing but ultimately unsuccessful rivalry in the late 19th century with nearby La Grande to lead Union County in transportation commerce population and government.
 Birkenhead General Hospital (known as Birkenhead Borough Hospital until 1926) was a hospital situated on Park Road North between Prince Edward Street and Livingstone Street in Birkenhead England. The hospital was built in 1864 and ceased to be used in 1982 when services were transferred to the newly opened Arrowe Park Hospital.
 Binat Bibi Mosque is the earliest surviving mosque in Dhaka built in 1454 by Bakht Binat the daughter of Marhamat. It was during the rule of the Sultan of Bengal Nasiruddin Mahmud Shah (r. 1435–1459). The mosque is located beside the Hayat Bepari's Bridge in Narinda area.
 The Château de Roquessels is a ruined castle in the commune of Roquessels in the Hérault département of France.The Château de Roquessels was built in the 10th century. It was a dependency of the convent of Cassans which collected tithes from the baron of Margon. In 1247 the inhabitants of the village like all subjects of the Trencavels viscount of Béziers were released from their pledge of allegiance and submitted to the King of France.
 Federal Row consists of five historic residential buildings located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. They are the Charles M. Tibbals House (1842) the Alexander Brewster House (1823) the Kennedy Row House (1836) the David Kennedy House (1832) and the Kennedy Double House (1840). They are characterized as rectangular brick dwellings 2- to 2 1/2-stories tall with gently sloping roofs.
 Little Tokyo also known as Little Tokyo Historic District is an ethnically Japanese American district in downtown Los Angeles and the heart of the largest Japanese-American population in North America. It is one of only three official Japantowns in the United States all in California (the other two are in San Francisco and San Jose).
 Lima Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Lima Ohio. It is anchored by Macy's JCPenney Elder-Beerman Sears and MC Sports. The center is owned by Simon Property Group.
 The Gar mosque and minaret are historical structures located in Gar village in the Isfahan province. The minaret dates back to Seljuq era but the mosque belongs to the Ilkhanid age. The only remained part of the mosque is its mihrab which has been decorated with stuccoes.
 The Beaver Mills are a historic mill complex located at 93-115 Railroad Street in Keene New Hampshire United States. The complex consists of two late 19th century brick mill buildings along with several adjacent support buildings including warehouses garages and a boiler house. The oldest buildings at the site date to 1871-2.Mill #1 is located at 115 Railroad Street. It is a 3.5 story brick building composed of two formerly separate buildings that were joined together c. 1920.
 The Alamgir Tower is a high rise building in Lahore Pakistan. It has 31 floors with 5 basement floors. The developer was Alamgir Developers. Construction started during 2006 and completed in 2009.The location of the building is on Main Boulevard Gulberg III in the city of Lahore. It include shops shopping malls luxury apartments and business offices to suit all types of stakeholders.
 All Saints' Church Brixworth in Northamptonshire is an outstanding example of early Anglo-Saxon architecture located in central England and has been called perhaps the most imposing architectural memorial of the 7th century yet surviving north of the Alps. It is the largest English church which remains substantially as it was in the Anglo-Saxon period.
 Sharp Grossmont Hospital is located in La Mesa California USA. It is the largest health care facility in East San Diego County with a service area covering 750 square miles. It has been owned and operated by Sharp HealthCare since 1955.
 The Daytona 500 Experience formerly known as Daytona USA was an interactive motorsports attraction and museum located at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach Florida. Intrinsically linked to the Daytona 500 the museum primarily focused on exhibits related to NASCAR. The attraction also included exhibits related to the Daytona 200 motorcycle race the 24 Hours of Daytona as well as the Daytona Beach & Road Course.The attraction opened in 1996.
 Endell Street Military Hospital was a military hospital located in Holborn London. The hospital was the only hospital staffed entirely by women. It was established in 1915 by former suffragettes Drs Flora Murray and Louisa Garrett Anderson in the First World War.
 The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital is one of the nation's ten largest free-standing pediatric research centers and works to enhance the health of children by engaging in research.[citation needed]
 Brooke Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was founded in 1857. It includes several notable examples of funerary art in its headstones above ground crypts and mausolea dating to the 19th and early 20th century. It was designed by John Chislett who also designed Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Taipei Cultural Mosque (Chinese: 台北文化清真寺; pinyin: Táiběi Wénhuà Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan. The mosque is the third one to be built in Taiwan and it is owned by the Chinese Muslim Youth League.
 Coso Hot Springs is a hot spring complex in the Coso Volcanic Field in the Mojave Desert of Inyo County California. The Springs are on the National Register of Historic Places.
 US Post Office-Boonville is a historic post office building located at Boonville in Oneida County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1937 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story five bay building with a poured concrete foundation and brick facades in the Colonial Revival style.
 First Baptist Church is an American Baptist Church in Waukesha Wisconsin. The church was designed by E. Townsend Mix in the Gothic architecture style and was built in 1872. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 1983 for its architectural significance.
 Leech-Parker Farmhouse is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay settlement period dwelling designed in a New England building tradition. The L-shaped structure is built on a rubblestone foundation and consists of the original structure with a 1-story gable-roofed addition. Also on the property are a privy and well dating from the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Dabney Post Office is a historic post office located on Kentucky Route 39 in Dabney Kentucky. The one-story wood frame building served as Dabney's community store and post office. Ped May built the post office around 1900; May ran both the store and the post office. The post office served as the social hub of Dabney a common function of combination store and post office buildings in Pulaski County; the Dabney Post Office is one of the few surviving buildings of this type.
 The Baxter County Courthouse is a courthouse in Mountain Home Arkansas United States the county seat of Baxter County built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The building replaced another courthouse on the same site which was deemed unsafe in 1939.
 Casper and Abraham Shafer Grist Mill Complex is located in Stillwater Township Sussex County New Jersey United States. The mill was built in 1764 and rebuilt after an 1844 fire and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 2009.
 St. Barbara Church (Polish: Kościół Świętej Barbary) is a Roman Catholic church in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw Poland.
 The Church of St John the Evangelist is located in Waterloo Road Cheetham Hill Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of North Manchester the archdeaconry of Manchester and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Telephone Factory Lofts is a mixed-use loft building along the BeltLine trail in the Poncey-Highland neighborhood of Atlanta. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Western Electric Company Building.
 Zimniy Stadion (Russian: Зимний стадион lit. Winter Stadium) is an architectural monument of the early 19th century in the historic center of Saint Petersburg Russia. It received this name in 1949 when an indoor sporting arena opened here. Before that time the monument was known as Mikhailovsky Manège (Russian: Михайловский манеж).
 The Shops at Sunset Place is an outdoor shopping mall in South Miami Florida at the intersection of South Dixie Highway (US 1) and Red Road (West 57th Avenue). The mall opened in 1999 and is owned and managed by the Simon Property Group.The Shops at Sunset Place is serviced by the Miami Metrorail at the South Miami station.
 Mission Los Santos Ángeles de Guevavi (O'odham: Geʼe Wawhia) was founded by Jesuit missionary Fathers Kino and Salvatierra in 1691 as La Misión de San Gabriel de Guevavi a district headquarters in what is now Arizona near Tumacácori. Subsequent missionaries called it San Rafael and San Miguel resulting in the common historical name of Los Santos Ángeles de Guevavi.
 The Hispanic Society of America is a museum and reference library for the study of the arts and cultures of Spain Portugal and Latin America. Founded in 1904 by Archer M.
 Jami-Ul-Alfar Mosque is a historic mosque in Colombo Sri Lanka. It is located at Second Cross Street in Pettah. The mosque is a popular tourist site in the city.
 Brykill Farms originally just Brykill is a family-owned organic grass-fed beef ranch located on Bruynswick Road (Ulster County Route 7) in Gardiner New York United States. Formerly a country estate its 180 acres (73 ha) have a panoramic view of the Shawangunks to the west.First built as a small settler's home in 1724 and used as a court during the mid-19th century it was expanded considerably in 1927 in a sympathetic style and material.
 Philadelphia Girls' Rowing Club (commonly abbreviated PGRC) is an amateur rowing club located at #14 Boathouse Row in the historic Boathouse Row along the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is the oldest all-female rowing club in existence.
 The Masmak (Arabic: Qaṣr al-Maṣmak قصر المصمك‎) is a clay and mud-brick fort with four watchtowers and thick walls founded on stone blocks lying in the center of Riyadh in the old quarters. This building played a major part in the kingdom's history as it was here that the recapture of Riyadh led by Ibn Saud occurred on 14 January 1902.
 Cornucopia also known as the John and Mary Price Farm is a historic home and farm located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. The house was built about 1845 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay L-shaped frame dwelling with a gable roof in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a 1 1/2-story wing and features a tetra-style verandah on brick piers.
 The West Virginia State Capitol is the seat of government for the U.S. state of West Virginia and houses the West Virginia Legislature and the office of the Governor of West Virginia. Located in Charleston West Virginia the building was dedicated in 1932. Along with the West Virginia Executive Mansion it is part of the West Virginia Capitol Complex a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Martin's Church North Leverton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in North Leverton.
 The Reuben Freeman House is a unique home sporting eight gables that was built 1887 in Inver Grove Heights in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Freeman was a German immigrant farmer who collected stones from his acreage to build his coursed fieldstone house. Bottle glass adorns the masonry around the second-story windows further proving his eccentricity.
 The First Presbyterian Society Meeting House (now the Millbury Federated Church) is an historic meeting house at 20 Main Street in Millbury Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival church was designed by Elias Carter and built in 1828 for a Presbyterian congregation that had been established the previous year. The main facade has a full-height portico with four columns supporting a triangular pediment.
 Salumi is a salumeria and restaurant in the Pioneer Square neighborhood of downtown Seattle Washington.Salumi was founded by Armandino Batali the father of New York chef Mario Batali and is now run as a family business with his wife daughter and son-in-law owning and operating.In the episode Pacific Northwest of the show Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations on the Travel Channel chef and host Anthony Bourdain visited and dined in Salumi.
 Café du Monde is a coffee shop on Decatur Street in the French Quarter in New Orleans Louisiana. It is best known for its café au lait and its French-style beignets. In the New Orleans style the coffee is blended with chicory.
 Spring House is a historic inn located at Barryville in Sullivan County New York. It was built as a residence about 1880 and almost immediately enlarged as a hotel and boarding house. The original house is the 2-story main block with gable roof a small south gable-roofed wing and a two-by-two-bay rear wing. Long narrow wings were added shortly after the original construction.
 100 Summer Street is a high-rise building located in downtown Boston Massachusetts. The building stands at 450 feet (137.2 meters) with 32 floors over 1.03 million square feet (over 92000 m2) of office space and was completed in 1974. It is currently the 23rd-tallest building in Boston. The architectural firm who designed the building was Welton Becket and Associates. 100 Summer Street is notable for the distinctive bronze tint of its windows.
 The Crocheron-McDowall House is a Greek Revival style house located in Bastrop Texas. The two-story house was built in 1857 for Bastrop merchant Henry Crocheron and was for many years the social and intellectual center in Bastrop. The structure was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 1978 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1996.In 1837 Crocheron moved to Bastrop with twelve slaves.
 The Cathedral of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary also known as St. Mary’s Cathedral is the cathedral church for the Diocese of Grand Island located in Grand Island Nebraska United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Simon Cameron House and Bank consists of a historic home and bank building located at Middletown Dauphin County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1833 and is a 2 1/2-story 3-bay brick building with a typical half-Georgian plan. Attached to the house is a 2 1/2-story 3-bay stone building also with a typical half-Georgian plan. The stone structure originally housed the Cameron Bank chartered in 1832.
 Leonard Hall is a historic educational building located on the campus of Shaw University in Raleigh North Carolina. Built in 1881 and originally named Leonard Medical Center (then Leonard Medical School) Leonard Hall was established when medical schools were professionalizing.
 The Sun Life Building is an historic 122 m (400 ft) 24 storey office building at 1155 Metcalfe Street on Dorchester Square in downtown Montreal Canada. The building was completed in 1931 after three stages of construction. It was built exclusively for the Sun Life Insurance Company.
 St Thomas' Church Ashton-in-Makerfield is located in Warrington Road Ashton-in-Makerfield Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Luke Stubshaw Cross. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Frank M. Johnson Jr. Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a United States federal building in Montgomery Alabama completed in 1933 and primarily used as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama. The building is also known as United States Post Office and Courthouse--Montgomery and listed under that name on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Old Hillsborough County High School' which later became Thomas Jefferson Junior High School is a historic school building now known as the D.W. Waters Career Center in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 2704 North Highland Avenue. On May 15 2007 it was added to the U.S.
 Moflag Church (Norwegian: Moflag kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village/island of Moflaget. The church is part of the Lurøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church was built in 1921 and it seats about 150 people.
 Great Barford Castle later known as Creakers Manor was a Norman castle located in the village of Great Barford in the county of Bedfordshire England (grid reference TL10555305). Great Barford Castle was a Motte and bailey castle made of timber and surrounded by a moat. It was so named due to its location just north of the parish of Great Barford. It is located 1 mile south of Renhold Castle leading to it sometimes being referred to as the Second Renhold.
 The Austrian Theatre Museum or Österreichisches Theatermuseum is the national museum of theatre history in Austria. It is situated in the Palais Lobkowitz in Vienna.
 Thomas-Webster Estate is an historic estate at 238 Webster Street in Marshfield Massachusetts. It was previously owned by Daniel Webster. The Bungalow/Craftsman/Queen Anne style estate was built in 1832 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The estate is currently owned by the town of Marshfield and is open for tours during the summer.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary of the Assumption usually known as St Mary's Cathedral is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the city of Aberdeen Scotland. It is the see of the Bishop of Aberdeen who is the ordinary of the Diocese of Aberdeen in the Province of St Andrews & Edinburgh.
 Stanley Prison (赤柱監獄 c. January 1937 previously known as Hong Kong Prison at Stanley) is one of the six maximum security facilities in Hong Kong. It is currently the oldest institution still in service (the oldest prison built in Hong Kong was Victoria Prison which ceased operation on 24 December 2005) and houses both male adult convicted prisoners male adult remand prisoners. It was set up by the then Prisons Department and is now administered by the Correctional Services Department.
 The Fairmont Orchid is a luxury hotel on the Kohala Coast of the island of Hawaii. It is managed by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts.
 Olney originally patented as Prospect is a historic home and farm complex located at Joppa Harford County Maryland. It is a 264-acre (1.07 km2) working pony farm with a collection of 15 structures ranging in style use and elegance. The main building on the property is a 2 1⁄2-story brick house dating to 1810 generally called the mansion. The house was evolved into a museum of Maryland architecture with salvaged features from demolished buildings in Baltimore and Philadelphia.
 Bondurant's Pharmacy is a pharmacy that operated from 1974 to 2011 and is notable for being built in the shape of a giant mortar and pestle a common tool of the pharmacist. The building is located on Village Drive near Versailles Road in Lexington Kentucky. The pharmacy closed in May 2011 with Walgreens acquiring its customer files. The building now houses a liquor store.The pestle projects ten feet above the building which is thirty feet high. It has a diameter of about thirty two feet.
 The Cathedral of St. Joseph in Hartford Connecticut United States is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford. Dedicated on May 15 1962 it stands on the site of the old cathedral destroyed by fire on December 31 1956. Designed by Eggers & Higgins of New York it rises 281 feet from the sidewalk.
 Beiarn Church (Norwegian: Beiarn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Moldjord. The church is part of the Beiarn parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was completed in 1873. The construction started in 1872 but due to a storm on 21 January 1873 everything had to be demolished. The site was moved a short distance away and construction began again.
 Daniel Demarest House is located in Dumont Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1724 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.The oldest house in Bergen County the house is one many Bergen Dutch houses built by descendents of early settlers to New Netherland.
 Fort DeRussy is a United States military reservation in the Waikiki area of Honolulu Hawaii under the jurisdiction of the United States Army. Unfenced and largely open to public traffic the installation consists mainly of landscaped greenspace. The former Battery Randolph now houses the U.S. Army Museum of Hawaiʻi which is open to the public. The Hale Koa Hotel an Armed Forces Recreation Center is also located on Fort DeRussy.
 Baton Rouge General Medical Center – Bluebonnet Campus is a 201-bed private hospital located at 8585 Picardy Avenue in Baton Rouge Louisiana. The hospital offers various medical services and surgical procedures in addition to an Emergency Department. The hospital is a subsidiary of General Health System (GHS) the corporate parent of Baton Rouge General that handles some administrative functions for the hospital.
 The Neville House is a historic brick townhouse in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1896 in an Italianate-influenced style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 05 1984.
 St Mary's Church Crewe is in St Mary's Street Crewe Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Schwerinsburg (Schwerin's castle) is the biggest of three castles in Windhoek Namibia. Today is the private residence of the Italian ambassador in Namibia.
 The Samuel Miner House is located in North Stonington Connecticut. The house was built in 1717 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1976.
 The Lady Lever Art Gallery was opened in 1922 by Princess Beatrice who was the youngest daughter of Queen Victoria; the museum was founded and built by Edwarian philanthropist the Lord Leverhulme. The museum is the best surviving example of late Victorian and Edwarian taste and is still the only major public urban gallery built by its founder to house the collection that the owner had assembled for it. The Lady Lever Art Gallery is set in the picture like village of Port Sunlight.
 Marshallton United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at 1105 Stanton Road in Marshallton New Castle County Delaware. The original portion was built in 1886 as a one-room 30-foot by 50-foot center-aisle plan frame structure with a gable roof. It sits on a foundation of Brandywine Granite a commonly found local building stone. In 1922 a 30-foot by 45-foot gabled frame addition was added on the east side of the original building.
 The Senshin Buddhist Temple (formerly called the Senshin Buddhist Church) is a Buddhist temple in Los Angeles California. An affiliate of the Buddhist Churches of America (BCA) the temple was built in 1951. It is known for its maintenance of traditional practices and for cultivating one of the earliest taiko groups appearing in the United States under the leadership of Masao Kodani.
 Half-Moon Inn also known as the Court Inn and Thorton's Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Newtown Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original 1 1/2-story stone and frame building was built in 1733. Subsequent additions occurred in 1740 1757 and 1792. The portion at 101 Court Street is a 2 1/2-story 3 bay stone structure. It was restored in 1965 by the Newtown Historic Association.
 Byneset Church (Norwegian: Byneset kirke) is a medieval church in the Byneset area of the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church was consecrated to the saint Michael. The year consecration is not exactly known but it is assumed that it was about 1180. The same mason signatures are also found at the Nidaros Cathedral indicating that the same masons were used in the construction of both churches.
 The Museum of Victims of Communism (Romanian: Muzeul victimelor comunismului) is a museum in Chişinău Moldova dedicated to the victims of the Soviet occupation.
 The David and Maggie Aegerter Barn is a gambrel-roofed barn in Linn County in northwestern Oregon that was built in 1915. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1999.Linn County at the center of the Willamette Valley was a tremendously productive agricultural area. The area was settled by 1850 at which time there were already 160 farms. At one time the county produced and exported more wheat than any other area of its size.
 St. Rose Roman Catholic Church Complex is a Roman Catholic church complex located at Lima in Livingston County New York. The complex consists of four contributing buildings: 1) St. Rose Church constructed 1870-1873; 2) Brendan Hall constructed in 1894 as a parochial school; 3) rectory; and 4) convent.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Nomer Tamid Synagogue of Białystok (also known as the Nomer Tamid Beth Midrash; Polish: Synagoga Nomer Tamid w Białymstoku; Hebrew: בית כנסת נומר תמיד‎ [Synagogue of the Eternal Flame]) is the oldest wooden synagogue in Białystok. It was founded by Jan Klemens Branicki as a gift for the newly established Jewish community in Białystok in either 1703 or 1711. It was at the time on Bóżniczej St. just opposite the Old Synagogue and the Great Synagogue.
 The Barnwell-Gough House also known as Old Barnwell House is a house built in Beaufort South Carolina in 1789.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It may be included in Beaufort Historic District which is a National Historic Landmark District.
 The Church of St Michael in Stawley Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The current church stands on the site of an earlier Norman church from which some herringbone pattern walling survives in the nave.The church register dates from 1528. Despite some minor Victorian restoration in 1873 the church fabric is largely as it would have been in medieval times.
 St Michael's Church Middleton is located in Townley Street Middleton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Heywood and Middleton the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 House at 58 Eighteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a two story three bay clapboard sided residence with a cross gable roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a first floor porch with spindle balustrade and fishscale shingling. Also on the property is a contributing cast iron fence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St Brigid's is the church for the Roman Catholic Parish of Kilbirnie North Ayrshire Scotland.
 The Potters Savings and Loan Company (originally known as Potters Building and Savings Co.) was a savings and loan association in East Liverpool Ohio. The association was organized by John Purinton and incorporated on February 11 1889.The Potters Building and Savings Company purchased land on Washington Street in East Liverpool in 1903. The savings and loan building was built in 1904. The architects for the project were Owsely and Boucherle of Youngstown Ohio.
 Nathaniel Hawthorne School is a historic school building located in the Hawthorne neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCoursey Richards and built in 1907-1908. It is a four-story E-shaped reinforced concrete building clad in brick and in the Classical Revival-style. It an entrance with hooded limestone surround terra cotta trim limestone quoins and an arched shaped parapet.
 Triage-Lavoir de Péronnes is a former coal washing facility that was built with the help of the Marshall Plan in 1954. It was built for the demand of the coal industry to process the coal coming from the mines of Péronnes Ressaix and Trivières. It was capable processing over 3000 tons of coal daily. In 1969 the nearby coal mines in Saint-Albert and Sint-Margriete were closed which caused Triage-Lavoir to become useless and it was closed down after only 15 years of active operation.
 Fissel's School is a historic one-room school building located at Shrewsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1896 and is a 1 1/2-story brick building with Queen Anne stylistic elements. It measures 28 feet 6 inches wide and 30 feet 4 inches deep with a 22 foot wide 7 foot deep entrance portico. It has a gable roof with decorative bargeboard and fishscale shingles. Atop the roof above the entrance is a belfry.
 The Odd Fellows Temple Building is a landmark building located in downtown Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Built by the Independent Order of Odd Fellows the building served as a meeting place ball room and temple until being sold in 1959 to the Saskatoon Labour Council. The building was officially designated a heritage property on April 19 1983. The building served as home to Saskatoons first library from 1913-1923.
 The Adolph Brower House is located at the corner of Division and Water streets in New Hamburg New York United States opposite the Abraham Brower House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was built around 1845 by Brower a New York City native who owned a nearby lime quarry.
 The Federal Prison Camp Pensacola (FPC Pensacola) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pensacola Florida. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Pensacola is located on Saufley Field an outlying base of the Pensacola Naval Air Station 175 miles west of the state capital of Tallahassee and 50 miles east of Mobile Alabama.
 St. Casimir's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 164 Nichols Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.There is a similarly named church in Toronto Ontario Canada in the neighbourhood of Roncesvalles.
 The Quentin Collection is a moderate sized (171179 square feet (15903 m2)) lifestyle center/shopping plaza located in Kildeer Illinois. It is located directly across from Deer Park Town Center but both are located in different towns (DPTC being located in Deer Park Illinois). The center which opened in Fall 2005 is home to a mix of big-box retailers and upscale retailers.Major retailers include Best Buy DSW Inc. Kirkland's Petsmart Stein Mart Fresh Market and Furniture Kidz.
 The Judson-Litchfield House is a historic house at 313 South Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. Built sometime in the 1830s it is an early example of a side entry gable front Greek Revival house a style that became much more common in subsequent decades.
 Valentine-French House is a historic house at 5105 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It built in 1769 on the 13th lot of Freemen's Purchase by William Valentine for his bride Sybil Winslow. The massive center chimney had six outlets & the fireplace used for cooking is quite large. The house still has Georgian wood paneling & sliding window shutters.
 Arrowhead Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Muskogee Oklahoma. It was opened in 1986 and is owned by J. Herzog & Sons Inc. It is the only mall located within 50 miles of Muskogee but remains close to the neighboring Tulsa metropolitan area.
 Mollohan Mill is a historic grist mill located near Replete Webster County West Virginia. It was built in 1894 and is a two story frame gable-roofed building on a cut stone foundation. It is constructed of hewn post and beam timber construction and measures 38 feet long and 23 feet wide. The Mollohan Mill operated from 1894 until 1953.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Stark Union Church (also known as Stark Church) is a historic church on NH 110 in Stark New Hampshire. The church was built in 1853 to serve as non-denominational space that all of the small town's denominations could share. The building continues to be owned by the Pew Owner's Association whose subscription fees funded its construction.
 The Northern Pacific Railway Depot in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1900. It is in Mission/Spanish Revival style and was designed by architects Reed & Stem.
 Parasol unit foundation for contemporary art is an educational charity and a not-for-profit contemporary art gallery based in London. Established in 2005 the foundation is housed in a converted warehouse over two floors in a building that was renovated to a design concept by the Italian architect Claudio Silvestrin. The gallery comprises roughly 5000 sq ft (460 m2) of exhibition space.Parasol unit was established by its Director/Curator Ziba Ardalan.
 Indiana Tower was the proposed centerpiece of White River State Park in Indianapolis Indiana. Designed by César Pelli in 1980 the plan was ultimately scrapped.
 The Beaverkill Valley Inn formerly known as The Bonnie View is located off Beaverkill Road (Ulster County Route 54) north of Lew Beach New York United States. It is a large wooden hotel built near the end of the 19th century.It was built as a lodge for anglers coming to fly fish for trout in the nearby Beaver Kill. It is one of the few fishing lodges remaining from that era of resort development remaining in the Catskills and the only one along the upper Beaver Kill.
 The Museum of the Order of St John tells the story of the Venerable Order of Saint John from its roots as a pan-European Order of Hospitaller Knights founded in Jerusalem during the Crusades to its present commitment of providing first aid and care in the community through the St John Ambulance Brigade and running an Ophthalmic Hospital in Jerusalem. The museum is a member of the London Museums of Health & Medicine.
 Baldwin's Arcade in Hope North Dakota was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975.According to its NRHP nomination it is the oldest commercial building in the county and served as apost office bank furniture store funeral parlor drug store hardware store and grocery at various times during its long years of service.
 SM Center Pasig formerly called SM Supercenter Pasig also known as SM Supercenter Frontera Verde is a mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings. Opened on August 19 2006 this is the smallest SM Supermall to date. The mall is located at E. Rodriguez Jr. Ave. (C5) corner Doña Julia Vargas Ave. Frontera Verde Ortigas Center Brgy. Ugong Pasig City near Tiendesitas.
 Aniar (Irish pronunciation: [anʲiːɾˠ] meaning From the west) is a restaurant in Galway Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star for 2013 and 2014.The head chef to win the Michelin star was Enda McEvoy. He left in 2013 and Ultan Cooke took over. He retained the star for 2014.
 The Stubenberg Castle is a historical monument in Săcueni Bihor Romania. Construction of the castle began in the late 18th century and was finalized by the beginning of the 19h century. The castle originally belonged to the Habsburg Royal House who offered it to J. Dietrichstein counselor to the Austro-Hungarian Empire.In 1830 it was sold to the Stubenberg family. Presently it belongs to the Romanian State. It used to function as the Petõfi Sándor Highschool until 2008.
 Five Lock Combine and Locks 37 and 38 Black River Canal is a national historic district located in the Boonville Gorge Park at Boonville in Oneida County New York. The district includes seven locks of the abandoned Black River Canal including the five lock combine (locks 39 through 43). The locks are 90 by 15 feet (27.4 by 4.6 m) and could accommodate boats of 70 tons. The original locks were built about 1850 and rebuilt between 1887 and 1900.
 Beall-Air also known as the Colonel Lewis William Washington House is a two-story stuccoed brick house in classical revival style near Halltown West Virginia. It was the home of Colonel Lewis William Washington great-great nephew of George Washington and hostage in John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry West Virginia.The original house now the rear portion of the house is believed to have been built by Thomas Beall prior to 1800.
 Øksendal Church (Norwegian: Øksendal kirke) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Øksendalsøra. The church is part of the Øksendal parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1894 by the architect Heinrich Ernst Schirmer. The church seats about 260 people.
 Burgruine Reifnitz is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Alice Beck Cabin also known as the John T. Robinson Cabin is a recreational cabin on the eastern shore of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park Montana. The cabin was built about 1910 at the same time a number of other summer camps were built prior to the establishment of the park. Since the park was designated it has remained a private inholding.
 Smíchov Synagogue (formerly known as Smichow Synagogue) is a former Orthodox synagogue at the Andel Prague the Czech Republic. It was built in 1863. The synagogue combined Neo-Romanesque exterior with a Moorish-style interior.
 The Oscar Nichols House is located near the St. Katherine's Historic District on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Swayne Hall is the oldest building built in 1857 in part by slaves on the campus of Talladega College in Talladega Alabama.
 The Natural History Museum of Crete (NHMC) (Greek: Μουσείο Φυσικής Ιστορίας Κρήτης ΜΦΙΚ) in Heraklion Crete is a natural history museum that operates under the auspices of the University of Crete. Its aim is the study protection and promotion of the diverse flora and fauna of the Eastern Mediterranean region. The museum is based in a restored industrial building that used to house an electricity power plant.
 The Clock Tower (Montenegrin: Sahat kula Сахат кула Turkish: Saat Kulesi) of Podgorica Montenegro is located at Bećir Beg Osmanagić square in the Stara Varoš neighborhood. It's one of the very few Ottoman landmarks that survived the bombing of Podgorica in World War II.
 Kerala House is the official state house of Government of Kerala at New Delhi. As each state of India has to maintain a statutory representative and state mission house in the capital to liaison with Central Government on behalf of state Kerala House represents Kerala. The house belongs to Kerala Government who is represented by Hon. Resident Commissioner of Kerala state administration. The house is located in heart of New Delhi city at Jantar Mandir Road.
 John Shedwick Development Houses (also known as the Lancastle) is a set of four historic rowhouses located in the Powelton Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. They were built in 1875-1876 and are built of brick with green serpentine limestone facing in the Second Empire-style. They feature wooden first floor porches projecting bay windows and mansard roofs with dormers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Walpole Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house in Walpole Maine.It was built in 1772 along with the Harrington Meeting House and meeting house at Broad Cove all within the town of Bristol Maine U.S.A. This meeting house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Top of the Hill (nicknamed Topo by local residents) is a brewpub and restaurant located at the intersection of Franklin and Columbia Streets in downtown Chapel Hill North Carolina. Since it opened in 1994 Top of the Hill has become a popular location for residents to dine and has received a number of awards and even international recognition for its beers which are brewed on-site.
 Joseph Gladden House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1800 and is a two-story two bay stuccoed stone Penn Plan dwelling. Two additions were built on the rear of the house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Laurence Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Amarillo located in Amarillo Texas United States. It served as the cathedral church of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1975 to 2011.
 The Frank L. Smith Bank also known as the First National Bank of Dwight is a bank building in Dwight Illinois United States that was designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Wright's earliest designs for the building date to 1904 but it was constructed in 1905 and opened in 1906. The design of the bank building deliberately rejects the classical influences common at the time and is meant to evoke an air of simple dignity.
 Dverberg Church (Norwegian: Dverberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Dverberg on the island of Andøya. The church is part of the Dverberg parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Cathedral of Saint Mary of Girona is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Girona located in Girona Catalonia Spain. Its interior includes the widest Gothic nave in the world with a width of 22 metres (72 ft) and the second widest overall after that of St. Peter's Basilica. Its construction was first started in the 11th century in Romanesque style and later continued in the 13th century in Gothic style.
 The South Lafayette Street Creole Cottages is a grouping of three historic Creole cottages on South Lafayette Street in Mobile Alabama United States. They were built in 1852. All three were placed as a group on the National Register of Historic Places on November 07 1976.
 The NYK Maritime Museum (日本郵船歴史博物館 Nippon Yūsen Rekishi Hakubutsukan) is a museum in Naka-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture Japan dedicated to the maritime history of Japan and of the museum's operator shipping company Nippon Yūsen Kabushiki Kaisha (NKK Line). It was opened in 1993.
 Clarence Hovermale House also known as Hovermale-Mendenhall House is a historic home located at Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1884 and is a two-story brick Queen Anne style dwelling that follows a modified ell-shaped I-house plan. Also on the property is a shed built about 1860.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Defterdar Mosque or in long form the Defterdar Mahmut Efendi Mosque (Turkish: Defterdar Camii Defterdar Mahmut Efendi Camii) is a historical mosque located in Eyüp Istanbul Turkey. It was commissioned by Defterdar Nazlı Mahmut Efendi (c. 1500-1546) and built by architect Mimar Sinan in 1542 (defterdar was the head of the financial department in Ottoman Empire).
 Monks Kirby Priory was a priory in Warwickshire England.
 The Newton Street School is a historic school at 99 Mohawk Trail in Greenfield Massachusetts. The 1915 Renaissance Revival building is distinctive for being a rare early example of a single story institutional building in that style. The U-shaped brick building features a shallow slate roof and brick gable stands over the main entrance. The corners of the building have stone insets decorated with an open book design.The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Joshua Hempsted House built in 1678 is a frame building in New London Connecticut. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.Connecticut Landmarks operates the house and the adjacent 1759 Nathaniel Hempsted House as a historic house museum known as the Hempsted Houses. The houses have been restored to reflect a late 17th to mid 18th-century appearance.
 Jacob Isett House and Store also known as Arch Spring Farm is a historic home and store building located at Arch Spring Blair County Pennsylvania. The property includes the Jacob Isett House (1805) store (1799) and summer kitchen; five wood frame outbuildings (c. 1870); and various archaeological remains. The house is a 2 1/2-story seven bay limestone dwelling in a vernacular Georgian style. Connected to the house is the one-story summer kitchen.
 Silas P. Smith Opera House now known as Doddridge County Public Library is a historic theatre located at West Union Doddridge County West Virginia. It was built in 1900 and is a two story brick commercial building measuring 40 feet wide and 70 feet deep. It has simple Romanesque Revival style architectural details. The building has housed the Doddridge County Public Library since 1965.
 High Meadows also known as Peter White House is a historic home located near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. It consists of a 1 1/2-story brick dwelling built between 1831 and 1832 and a two-story 1883 stuccoed brick section. The 1883 addition more than tripled the size of the original dwelling and is connected by a frame single-story passage which runs between and the length of both sections. The south facade of the 1883 section serves as the front elevation.
 Charles Montague Cooke Jr. House and Kūkaʻōʻō Heiau is a property in Honolulu Hawaii. The house also known as Kualii (also spelled Kualiʻi) was built in 1911–1912 for Charles Montague Cooke Jr. and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing's boundaries were increased in 2000 to include the Kūkaʻōʻō Heiau (Tax Map Keys 2-9-19:35 and 2-9-19:43 respectively).
 St. Philip's Roman Catholic Church also known as Key Memorial Chapel is a historic Roman Catholic chapel at 150 E. Sharpe Street in Statesville North Carolina within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlotte.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Woodburn Bridge is a historic truss bridge in Indianola Mississippi.The Pratt truss/swing truss bridge was built in 1916. The bridge was abandoned in 1985. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Château de Puymartin is a castle in the commune of Marquay France located between Sarlat (8 km) and Les Eyzies (11 km) in the Dordogne department.
 Coastal Transitional Center is a minimum security prison located in Savannah Georgia in Chatham County Georgia. The facility houses adult male felons; the capacity is 200. It was constructed in 1940 and was renovated in 2003.It has 44 living units ranging in size from four to 12 beds.The mission of Coastal Transitional Center is to protect the community while assisting residents in making a successful transition back into society.
 The Amos and Lillie Plummer House in Hillsboro North Dakota now also known as the Traill County Historical Society Museum was built in 1897. It is a Queen Anne style house designed by John W. Ross. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Pisgah Christian Church (Pisgah Ridge Church) is a historic church on Pisgah Road northwest of Ripley Ohio.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 La Renaissance Apartments is an apartment building located at 424 Spadina Crescent East in the Central Business District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building was completed in 1983 and at 24 stories (79.2 m) is the tallest building in the city and contains 96 condominiums. Similar in design to Regina's and Saskatchewan's tallest building the Delta Regina Hotel.
 Kutz Mill is a historic grist mill complex located on Sacony Creek in Greenwich Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It is adjacent to the Kutz's Mill Bridge. The complex includes the 1 1/2-story stone mill (c. 1850); brick farmhouse (1855); 1 1/2-story stone summer kitchen; stone and frame Pennsylvania German bank barn; and three frame outbuildings.
 Burj Park III is an approved residential building to be built in Downtown Dubai Dubai. It will have 60 floors and will be surrounded by the Burj Dubai Lake Park.
 The Musée de la civilisation à Québec (Museum of Civilization) is a museum located in Quebec City. It is situated in the historic Old Québec area near the Saint Lawrence River. It was designed by architect Moshe Safdie and opened its doors to the public on 19 December 1988.The previous buildings of the Banque de Paris and the Maison Estèbe which were situated on Saint-Pierre street were integrated in the museum's structure.
 The Toronto-Dominion Centre or TD Centre is a cluster of buildings in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada owned by Cadillac Fairview and consisting of six towers and a pavilion covered in bronze-tinted glass and black painted steel. It serves as the global headquarters of the Toronto-Dominion Bank as well as providing office and retail space for many other businesses.
 The Hyer--Knowles Planing Mill Chimney in Pensacola Florida is all that remains of an 1854 steam-powered sawmill. When the Confederacy abandoned the city in 1862 all the mills were destroyed so they could not be used by the Union. The only part of the building that survived was the chimney. It is now part of Chimney Park a wayside park along US 90. The chimney was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 2012.
 Vukovar water tower (Croatian: Vukovarski vodotoranj) is a water tower in the Croatian city of Vukovar. It is one of the most famous symbols of Vukovar and the suffering of the city and the county in the Battle of Vukovar and the Croatian War of Independence when the water tower and the city itself were largely destroyed by the Serb forces.
 Hospital Episcopal San Lucas commonly known as Hospital San Lucas is a hospital in Ponce Puerto Rico.
 Dadeland Mall is a large enclosed shopping mall located in the Miami suburb of Kendall Florida in the Dadeland district. The mall originally developed by the Joseph Meyerhoff Company of Baltimore opened October 1 1962 as a 535000-square-foot (49700 m2) open-air complex of sixty stores and services. Dadeland Mall is located between South Dixie Highway (US1) and the Palmetto Expressway (SR 826) at its southern terminus where it meets US1.
 The Brelsford House (also known as The Banyans) was a historic home in Palm Beach Florida United States located at 1 Lake Trail. Built between 1888 and 1903 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 3 1974. The Neoclassical house was destroyed in August of the following year but it remains on the Register.
 First Baptist Church historically named Shiloh Baptist Church is a historic church at 506 E. 8th Street in Chattanooga Tennessee.The congregation was organized in 1866 as Shiloh Baptist Church by a group of men who had served as soldiers in the Union Army during the Civil War. Initially they worshiped in a blacksmith shop; subsequently they met for worship in members' homes. The church building was built in 1885 with the labor of former slaves.
 Johor Bahru City Square is a shopping centre and office building located in the Central Business district of Johor Bahru. City Square along with Komtar are located on Jalan Wong Ah Fook. Due in part to its proximity to the Johor-Singapore Causeway City Square attracts many shoppers from Singapore.
 St. Marks Presbyterian Church is a historic African-American church in Rogersville Tennessee.The congregation was established in about 1875. William H. Franklin was its first minister serving until 1926. Franklin was also the president of Swift Memorial Junior College in Rogersville with which the church was closely associated. Swift students and faculty were required to attend worship at St. Marks twice each week.The church building is located at the junction of N. Hassen and W.
 Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at the junction of E. Main and N. Wilson Streets in Mount Sterling Kentucky.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The Hon. Bazaleel Taft House is a historic house at 240 South Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this now-large house was built c. 1780-90 by the Honorable Bazaleel Taft and is a fine regional example of late Georgian architecture. The house is located on Massachusetts Route 122 at the intersection with the northern terminus of Massachusetts Route 146A.
 The Cathedral of St. William the Hermit also known as the San Fernando Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union in the Philippines (Dioecesis Ferdinandopolitana ab Unione). The diocese comprising the civil province of La Union was created on January 19 1970 and canonically erected on April 11 1970 with Saint William the Hermit as the titular saint. It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
 Marcouse Building is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1924 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1990.
 The Joseph Lovering House is an historic house at 38 Kirkland Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Greek Revival wood frame house was built in 1839 by Oliver Hastings a high-profile local builder (whose own mansion is now a National Historic Landmark) in conjunction with Luther Brooks owner of the next-door house. It was purchased in 1843 by Joseph Lovering a math professor at Harvard University and remained in his family until 1941.
 The Church of St Peter (Bulgarian: църква „Свети Петър“ tsarkva „Sveti Petar“) or Church of Saints Peter and Paul is a small medieval Bulgarian Orthodox church located in the village of Berende in Dragoman Municipality Sofia Province in westernmost Bulgaria.
 McClelland-Grimes Farm is a historic farm located at Morgan Township and Washington Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The contributing resources are the brick main house (c. 1873) brick combination ice house / smoke house timber frame barn (1883) wood frame sheep barn (c. 1890) wood frame wash house (c. 1910) early 20th century corn crib wood frame scale shed (c. 1940) mid-20th century balloon frame poultry house poured concrete cistern and walled spring.
 The Mel Fisher Maritime Heritage Museum is located at 200 Greene Street Key West Florida. The museum contains an extensive collection of artifacts from 17th century shipwrecks such as the Henrietta Marie Nuestra Señora de Atocha and Santa Margarita. The museum is named for founder Mel Fisher.
 Strandarkirkja is a Lutheran (Church of Iceland) parish church in Selvogur Iceland. It is often refer to as the 'miracle church' in Iceland with the locals' long standing belief that it has profound divine powers.
 The Thomas Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Armstrong Township in Indiana County Pennsylvania. It is a 52-foot-long (16 m) Town truss bridge constructed in 1879. It crosses Crooked Creek. It is one of four remaining covered bridge in Indiana County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Aline IOOF Lodge No. 263 is an Odd Fellows building in Aline Oklahoma that was built in 1930. It has served historically as a clubhouse as a restaurant and as a specialty store. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is one of four historic surviving Odd Fellows buildings in Alfalfa County that were subject of a 1983 study. The others are the Carmen IOOF Lodge No. 84 and the Carmen IOOF Home in Carmen and the Cherokee IOOF Lodge No. 219 in Cherokee.
 The Willimantic Footbridge is a pedestrian bridge in the Willimantic section of Windham Connecticut. It was built in 1906 to connect the commercial core to the southern residential part of Willimantic across the Willimantic River. The bridge also crosses over a railroad freight yard. In 1979 the bridge was listed on the National Register of Historical Places. The 635-foot bridge was built by the Owego Bridge Company for $13000 and includes five spans with a through truss construction.
 The current head of the United States Air Force History and Museums Program is Clarence R. Dick Anderegg.
 The Lutze Housebarn is located in Newton Manitowoc County Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Erwinna Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that spans Swamp Creek in Erwinna Pennsylvania United States.The bridge was constructed using a lattice-type design.The National Register of Historic Places lists the date built as 1871 while county records say 1832.
 The Jezzar Pasha Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الجزار‎ Masjid al-Jazzar) also known as the White Mosque is located on al-Jezzar Street inside the walls of the old city of Acre overlooking the eastern Mediterranean Sea and is named after the Ottoman Bosnian governor Ahmed Pasha al-Jazzar (the Butcher).
 The First Presbyterian Church in Batavia New York United States is located at East Main (New York state routes 5 and 33) and Liberty streets. It is a joined complex of several buildings. The main one the church's sanctuary is a limestone Gothic Revival structure built in the mid-19th century.
 Millersburg Passenger Rail Station also known as the Northern Central Railway: Station (Millersburg) is a historic railway station located at Millersburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 by the Northern Central Railway. It is a two-story brick and frame building in the Queen Anne style. It features a deep porch around three sides. The property also includes the stone foundation of the original baggage house. It was used as a passenger station until 1960.
 Maiden Bradley Priory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 Golden Swan-True American also known as the Caola Building is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1861 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 2008.
 Mt. Moriah Baptist Church is a historic church at 314 N. Main Street in Middlesboro Kentucky.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Barnhart–Wright House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Prestwould is a historic home near Clarksville Virginia. It is the most intact and best documented plantation surviving in Southside Virginia.
 The Columbus Athenæum is a historic building in Columbus Ohio. Originally constructed as a meeting hall for local area Masonic lodges in 1899 today it houses a commercial catering venue for weddings and other events. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 under the name Masonic Temple.
 Haskell's Bloomfield Villa also known as the Humphreys House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1859 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 The Perkins Stone Mansion is a historic house museum in Akron Ohio USA.
 The Times Square Building is a skyscraper designed by Ralph Thomas Walker of the firm Voorhees Gmelin and Walker located in Rochester New York. At 260 feet (79 m) it is the eighth tallest building in Rochester with 14 floors.The former Genesee Valley Trust Building is a streamlined twelve-story building supporting four aluminum wings 42 feet (13 m) high known as the Wings of Progress each weighing 12000 pounds (5400 kg).
 Marquette General Hospital is a hospital and regional medical center located in Marquette Michigan and serving the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The hospital is a Level II trauma center as verified by the American College of Surgeons. The hospital trains medical students from the College of Human Medicine at Michigan State University as well as residents in the family medicine residency program. Prior to 1973 Marquette had two hospitals: St. Mary's Hospital and St. Luke's Hospital.
 Chestertown Railroad Station is a historic railway station built in 1902–03 for the Pennsylvania Railroad and located in Chestertown Kent County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story 17-by-47-foot (5.2 by 14.3 m) Queen Anne–style building. It features a hip roof with a wide bracketed overhang that provided shelter for train passengers on all four sides.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Federal Building formerly the U.S. Post Office Courthouse and Federal Building is located in Downtown Sacramento California. It currently serves as a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California.
 St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 4231 St. Aubin Street in Detroit Michigan in the Forest Park neighborhood area on the city's central East side. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 University Hall is a building on the campus of Lincoln College in Lincoln. Built from 1865 to 1866 the building was the first constructed on the campus of the college then known as Lincoln University. The college was founded by the Cumberland Presbyterian Church and was at the time one of the few religiously affiliated schools in the North. University Hall was designed in a Tuscan-influenced Italianate style and features a four-sided cupola and a cornice with dentils and corbels.
 The Church of Saint Wenceslas (Czech: Kostel sv. Václava) is a Roman Catholic church in Vršovice in Prague 10 Czech Republic. The church was built in 1930 as a commemoration of the 1000th anniversary of the death of St. Wenceslas.
 Memphis Brooks Museum of Art is an art museum in Memphis Tennessee. The Brooks Museum which was founded in 1916 is the oldest and largest art museum in the state of Tennessee. The museum is a privately funded nonprofit institution located in Overton Park in Midtown Memphis.The original Beaux-Arts building a registered U.S. National Landmark designed by James Gamble Rogers in 1913 was donated by Bessie Vance Brooks in memory of her husband Samuel Hamilton Brooks.
 The Baker-Devotie-Hollingsworth Block also known as the Studio Building is an historic building located in the East Village of Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The boundaries for this property were expanded in 2008.
 For the shopping mall in Massachusetts see Burlington Mall (Massachusetts).The Burlington Mall is a 721000 square feet (67000 m2) shopping mall located in Burlington Ontario is owned by Primaris Reit and was owned until mid-2011 by Ivanhoe Cambridge. It has two floors the upper floor covers the wing leading to the food court the floor above the food court area and the second floor of the Bay. The mall opened its doors in 1968.
 The Museum of Greek Folk Art is a museum in Athens Greece. The museum was founded in 1918 as the Museum of Greek Handicrafts in the Tsisdarakis Mosque in Monastiraki which later became the National Museum of Decorative Arts and in 1959 it obtained its current name. In 1973 the most of the collection and the main functions of the museum were moved to 17 Kydanthinaion Str. in Plaka and the mosque was annexed to it.
 The Ephraim Davis House is a historic First Period house on Merrimack Road north of the junction with Amesbury Line Road in Haverhill Massachusetts. It is now an outbuilding of a farm functioning as a garage and storage space. The first part of the 2.5 story house was built in 1705 by Ephraim Davis who married in that year. This consisted of a central chimney and rooms to its right; rooms to the left of the chimney and a leanto section in the back were added later in the 18th century.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mercy in the German Cemetery (Italian: Santa Maria della Pietà in Camposanto dei Teutonici) is a Roman Catholic church in the Vatican City attached to the Campo Santo dei Teutonici e dei Fiamminghi the German cemetery in the Vatican City. The site belonged to the Schola Francorum a hospice for German pilgrims which was the oldest German institution in Rome.The term Teutonico is a reference to the Germanic peoples.
 Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) is an academic medical center that includes Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons College of Dental Medicine School of Nursing and Mailman School of Public Health. The campus covers several blocks (primarily between 165th and 169th Streets from the Henry Hudson Parkway to Audubon Avenue) in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan New York City.
 Dinghao Market is one of five major electronics markets in Zhongguancun Beijing.
 Hyatt Regency Hong Kong Sha Tin at 18 Chak Cheung Street Ma Liu Shui Sha Tin District New Territories Hong Kong People's Republic of China is the first international hotel in the New Territories. It was opened on 11 February 2009.
 Hillwood Estate Museum & Gardens is a decorative arts museum in Washington D.C. USA. The former residence of businesswoman socialite philanthropist and collector Marjorie Merriweather Post Hillwood is known for its large decorative arts collection that focuses heavily on the House of Romanov. Included in the collection are Fabergé eggs and 18th and 19th century French art and one of the country's finest orchid collections.
 Hudson Falls Historic District is a national historic district located at Hudson Falls in Washington County New York. It includes 148 contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing objects. It encompasses the historic center of the village including residential commercial civic and ecclesiastical buildings centered on the village park.
 The Rainbow Bridge is an old bridge over Brush Creek approximately two miles west of Riverton Kansas on former U.S. Route 66 now a county road. The bridge is a single-span concrete Marsh arch bridge and is the sole surviving bridge of this type on the entire length of the former highway. Two other Marsh arch bridges were also located on US 66 in Kansas both over the Spring River. It was built in 1923.The bridge has often been covered with graffiti but was recently re-painted white.
 The Eleazer Hyde House is a historic house at 401 Woodward Street in Newton Massachusetts. The two story timber frame house was built c. 1770 and is one of the city's few surviving high style Late Georgian houses. This house was probably built by Eleazer Hyde Jr. son of one of Newton's early settlers. Its entry is framed by pilasters and topped by a gable pediment. Its lower windows are topped by crown moulding while its upper windows butt up to the roof cornice.
 The Brownville Bridge is a truss bridge over the Missouri River on U.S. Route 136 from Nemaha County Nebraska to Atchison County Missouri at Brownville Nebraska.It was built in 1939 by Atchison County at a cost of $700000 and was originally run as a toll bridge. It is now run by the county as a free crossing.The bridge is extremely narrow with no shoulders and only one 8-foot lane in each direction. US 136 from the bridge to Interstate 29 is largely in disrepair.
 The Donald Pollock House is a house in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States that was built in 1957. It was designed by Bruce Goff. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 St. Vincent DePaul Catholic Church is a historic church building in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Twelve Oaks Mall is a full line super-regional shopping mall with over 180 stores which is located in Novi Michigan a suburb of Detroit. The mall is located on the Northeast corner of Interstate 96 and Novi Road. Taubman Centers is the owner and manager of the mall and it is anchored by Macy's Lord & Taylor Nordstrom JCPenney and Sears. It is among the largest malls owned by the Taubman Corporation and one of the largest in Michigan for gross leasable area and total stores.
 The East Main Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery on East Main Street in Dalton Massachusetts. The cemetery is one of the oldest in the town with grave markers dating to the 1780s. It was founded on land owned by the Chamberlin family whose identified graves make up about 20 percent of roughly 250 gravesites. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church at the junction of Race and Spring Streets in Searcy Arkansas.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Catacombs of Paris or Catacombes de Paris are underground ossuaries in Paris France. Located south of the former city gate (the Barrière d’Enfer at today's Place Denfert-Rochereau) the ossuaries holds the remains of about six million people and fills a renovated section of caverns and tunnels that are the remains of historical stone mines.
 Hotel Ureka Malabo is a hotel in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. The hotel is located near Malabo Airport on the corner of Airport Road and the Street of Algeria.In 1987 it was reported to have 42 international business class rooms.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Wrocław (Polish: Archikatedra św. Jana Chrzciciela German: Breslauer Dom Kathedrale St. Johannes des Täufers) is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław and a landmark of the city of Wrocław in Poland. The cathedral located in the Ostrów Tumski district is a Gothic church with Neo-Gothic additions.
 The Levi Coffin House is a National Historic Landmark located in present-day Fountain City Indiana. The two-story eight room brick house was constructed in 1839 in the Federal style and served as a station on the Underground Railroad. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.Levi Coffin and his wife Catharine helped as many as 2000 former slaves escape to freedom in the free states and Canada during the 20 years that they lived in the house.
 The Bazaleel Taft Jr. House and Law Office are a historic house and law office building at 195 North Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On November 7 1983 they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The House and Law office reflect the Georgian Architecture Style.
 The Chicago Federal Building in Chicago Illinois was constructed between 1898 and 1905 for the purpose of housing the midwest's federal courts main post office and other government bureaus. It stood in The Loop neighborhood on a block bounded by Dearborn Adams and Clark Streets and Jackson Boulevard. The site held an 1880 post office courthouse and customhouse which was cleared to make way for the new building.
 Bellamy-Ferriday House and Garden (also known as the Joseph Bellamy House) is a historic house on Main Street North and West Street in Bethlehem Connecticut. It was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The building was constructed as a farmhouse in about 1754 by the Rev. Joseph Bellamy a prominent Congregationalist minister. Later Henry Ferriday bought the property; his daughter Carolyn Woolsey Ferriday owned it until her death in 1990.
 Le Cirque is a French restaurant located at One Beacon Court 151 East 58th Street (between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue ) in Midtown Manhattan New York City owned and operated by LC International LLC and originally founded by Sirio Maccioni.
 The Renaissance Schaumburg Convention Center Hotel located in Schaumburg Illinois at I-90 and Meacham Rd opened its doors in July 2006. The 500-room hotel is run by Marriott under their Renaissance brand. The property features a 100000 sq ft (9300 m2). exhibition hall 48000 sq ft (4500 m2). of meeting room space and a 28000 sq ft (2600 m2).
 Queen Elizabeth Hospital (Chinese: 伊利沙伯醫院) QE in short is a hospital at King's Park in Kowloon Hong Kong. It was named after Queen Elizabeth II. The hospital is a major hospital in southern Kowloon. This hospital has around 1800 beds. It has more or less 350 physicians and surgeons. The total number of nurses is approximately 1000.The hospital was once the largest general hospital in the Commonwealth.
 Federal Street School also known as Andrew Jackson School is a historic school building located in the Passyunk Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1924-1925. It is a three-story brick and limestone in the Late Gothic Revival-style.
 The Basilica-Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador is the metropolitan cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's Newfoundland and the mother church and symbol of Roman Catholicism in Newfoundland.The Basilica-Cathedral was the largest building project to its date in Newfoundland history.
 The Manning Cabin was the first vacation cabin built in what is now Saguaro National Park. The log structure was built by Levi H. Manning Surveyor General of the Arizona Territory and later mayor of Tucson in 1905. From 1922 to 1939 it was used by the U.S. Forest Service to house fire and trail crews and for the same purpose by the National Park Service from the park's establishment in 1940.
 The Albany Monteith Historic District also known as Monteith Historic District in Albany Oregon United States was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980. It includes the Alfred Dawson House which is separately listed on the NRHP. The district was expanded in 2008.
 The George Washington Hotel is a historic hotel located in downtown Winchester Virginia. It was built in 1924 by The American Hotel Corporation as part of their Colonial Chain of hotels. Like many hotels of the era the property was built in close proximity of a B&O train station and was constructed to provide lodging to railroad passengers.
 Foldereid Church (Norwegian: Foldereid kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Foldereid. The church is part of the Foldereid parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was constructed in 1863 and was designed by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch. It seats about 280 people.
 The William S. Campbell House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. This private residence also known as Magnolia Hall was built in 1840. It is also part of the Boyd Mill Avenue Historic District. William S. Campbell was born in Ireland and opened a national bank in the area after the American Civil War.The house is of Italianate architecture and has a cupola and a widow's walk.
 The Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts is a museum located in Montgomery Alabama USA featuring several art collections. The permanent collection includes examples of 19th- and 20th-century American paintings and sculpture Southern regional art Old Master prints and decorative arts. It is also home to ARTWORKS a participatory art gallery and studio for children.The current building was designed by the Montgomery architectural firm of Barganier Davis and Sims and opened in 1988.
 The Lower Lake Schoolhouse Museum is a local history museum located in Lower Lake California.
 Benjamin Griffey House is a historic home located at Gregg Township Union County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1886 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular stuccoed brick dwelling with a rear ell in a Late Victorian style. It features a two-story bay window with flanking porches and a steep pitched gable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The house was badly damaged in a fire in 1980.
 The Hospital for Tropical Diseases (HTD) is a specialist tropical disease hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London and the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. It is the only NHS hospital dedicated to the prevention diagnosis and treatment of tropical diseases and travel-related infections.
 St Eugene's Cathedral is the Roman Catholic cathedral located in Derry Northern Ireland. It is the Mother Church for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Derry as well as the parish Church of the parish of Templemore.
 Sophia's Dairy is a historic home located at Aberdeen Harford County Maryland United States. It is a large center-hall brick house 64 feet by 45 feet with a low stone wing built in 1768 in the Georgian style. The interior features a double stair which extends upward on the west wall from both ends of the hall.
 The Hotel Jerome is located on East Main Street (State Highway 82) in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a brick structure built in the 1880s that is often described as one of the city's major landmarks its crown jewel. In 1986 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently owned and operated by Auberge Resorts.It was built by Jerome B. Wheeler at the time co-owner of Macy's and a major investor in Aspen during its early boom years.
 The Sears Roebuck and Company Retail Department Store Building in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States was built in 1927 and housed a Sears department store until 1971 when the store relocated to Moorestown Mall. It was South Jersey's first free-standing department store. It was also among the first department stores to be built with its own parking lot a precursor to the modern shopping mall.
 Birkenhead Town Hall is a town hall and former civic building in Birkenhead on the Wirral Peninsula England. The building was the former administrative headquarters of the County Borough of Birkenhead and more recently council offices for the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral. Birkenhead Town Hall remains the location of the town's register office. However since the closure of the Wirral Museum in 2010 the future purpose of the Grade II* listed building is uncertain.
 Milliken Memorial Community House erected in 1928 in Elkton Kentucky is the first privately donated community house in America. The 13000-square-foot (1200 m2) mansion pioneered a new architetcural program for public use. The house was commissioned by Mary Louise Milliken (1873–1936) and her husband Samuel Canning Childs (April 2 1859-1934) in 1926.
 The National Gallery of Australia (NGA; originally the Australian National Gallery) is the national art museum of Australia as well as the largest art museum in Australia holding more than 166000 works of art.[1] It was established in 1967 by the Australian government as a national public art museum.
 Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It is a cobblestone building built in the Greek Revival style in 1851.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wat Si Khom Kham (Thai: วัดศรีโคมคำ) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Phayao town Phayao Province Thailand. The temple hosts the largest Chiang Saen era Buddha statue in the country. Wat Si Khom Kham is located on the shores of Phayao Lake.
 Gravisi–Barbabianca Palace (Slovene: Palača Gravisi-Barbabianca) is a Baroque palace in Koper (Italian: Capodistria) a port town in southwestern Slovenia. It was built in 1710.It was the family seat of the Gravisi family who held the title of the Marquis of Pietrapelosa.Today it is the home of a music school.
 Jal Phiroj Clubwala Dar E Meher popularly known as the Royapuram fire temple is a Parsi fire temple at Royapuram Chennai India. It was built in 1910 and donated to the Madras Parsi Zarthosti Anjuman by philanthropist Phiroj M. Clubwala. The temple is one of the 177 odd fire temples in the world of which some 150 are in India. It is the only Parsi fire temple in Tamil Nadu and surrounding region including Puducherry and Kerala.
 Osborn-Bouton-Mead House is a historic home located at South Salem Westchester County New York.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Samuel and Minette Kuhn House is a historic house at 420 Griffins Island Road in Wellfleet Massachusetts. It is one of a modest number of surviving houses in Wellfleet that combine elements of Modern architecture with traditional Cape Code architecture. The single story wood frame house was built in 1960 to a design by Nathaniel Saltonstall founder of Boston's Institute of Contemporary Art.
 The Thomas Cole House also known as Cedar Grove or the Thomas Cole National Historic Site is a National Historic Landmark that includes the home and the studio of painter Thomas Cole founder of the Hudson River School of American painting. It is located at 218 Spring Street Catskill NY USA. The site provided Thomas Cole with a residence and studio from 1833 through his death in 1848.The property was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Fort Stanwix was a colonial fort whose construction commenced on August 26 1758 under the direction of British General John Stanwix at the location of present-day Rome New York but was not completed until about 1762. The star fort was built to guard a portage known as the Oneida Carrying Place during the French and Indian War. Fort Stanwix National Monument a reconstructed structure built by the National Park Service now occupies the site.
 Bakersfield City Hall (which is also referred to as City Hall South) is the center of government for the City of Bakersfield California. It houses the Mayor's office and the City Council Chambers. It is located in the Civic Center Downtown. A statue of Colonel Thomas Baker the city's founder is in front of the building and is marked as California Historical Landmark #382. Many of the city's departments and officials are located in City Hall North which is one block west of City Hall South.
 The Maloja Palace is a hotel 15 km (9.3 mi) from St Moritz in the Graubünden canton of Switzerland at the top of the Maloja Pass (Italian: Passo del Maloja German: Malojapass) (el.
 Orihuela Cathedral (Catedral de Orihuela) is a church of Orihuela Valencian Community southern Spain. It was built above a pre-existing Muslim mosque as a simple parish church and was later converted into a main church by order of King Alfonso X of Castile in 1281.
 Cencio la Parolaccia is a restaurant in the rione Trastevere of Rome.
 Rockport High School is the public high school of Rockport Massachusetts. It is located at 24 Jerdens Lane.
 The Jose Rizal Bridge carries 12th Avenue South across South Dearborn Street and Interstate 90 in Seattle connecting the International District to Beacon Hill. Built in 1911 and originally called the 12th Avenue South Bridge or the Dearborn Street Bridge it was one of the first permanent steel bridges in Seattle. It was renamed in honor of the Filipino patriot José Rizal in 1974 though the official name is not well known by Seattleites.
 Willimantic Armory is a historic armory building on Pleasant Street in Windham Connecticut. It served the Connecticut National Guard from 1913 until 1980 when the buidling was sold to developers who converted the building into apartments.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral Lahore Pakistan was consecrated by Bishop Fabian Eestermans Bishop of Lahore on 19 November 1907. The design of this Cathedral was made according to the Roman Byzantine style by a Belgian architect Dr. Dubbeleere of Antwerp. The Cathedral is the principal church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore. A special commemorative postage stamp was released on the Centenary Day of the Cathedral by the Government of Pakistan.
 Emmanuel Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the central Yangon at the corner of Mahar Bandoola Garden Street and Mahar Bandoola Road opposite to Yangon City Hall. It is one of the oldest churches in Yangon.
 Springfield Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Sykesville Carroll County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure in Flemish bond on a stone foundation. The church was built in 1836 and is a 3-story structure constructed of uncoursed rubble stone covered in stucco. It served as the area's first school as well as the building of worship for the Presbyterian congregation.
 Burg Freiberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The I.O.O.F. Hall in Garnavillo Iowa also known as Garnavillo Lodge Hall is a Greek Revival style building built in 1860. It served as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 East Nottingham Meetinghouse or Brick Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Rising Sun Cecil County Maryland.
 The Old Wilson Historic District in Wilson North Carolina is a 164-acre (66 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1984. It includes work dating from 1853 and work designed by architect Solon Balias Moore and others.
 The Stoneham Public Library is the public library of Stoneham Massachusetts. It is located at Main and Maple Streets.
 Watton Priory was a priory of the Gilbertine Order at Watton in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. The double monastery was founded in 1150 by Eustace fitz John.The present building dates mainly from the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries. A house was added in the nineteenth century. It is a Grade I listed building. The priory was dissolved in 1539 by Henry VIII. The Nun of Watton was the protagonist of events recorded by St Ailred of Rievaulx in De Sanctimoniali de Wattun.
 St George's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Worcester. It was founded in 1829 and was administered by the Society of Jesus until 1990 when it was handed over to the Archdiocese of Birmingham. It is in the Baroque style is a Grade II* listed building and was where Edward Elgar was organist from 1885.
 Concord Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Elkhart Indiana. It opened in 1972 and is anchored by J. C. Penney Carson's and Hobby Lobby.
 The Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute (MWPAI) is a regional fine arts center founded in 1919 and located in Utica New York. The institute has three program divisions:Museum of artPerforming artsSchool of art↑
 St Luke's Church is an Anglican church in the Queen's Park area of Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Occupying a large corner site on Queen's Park Road it was designed in the 1880s by Sir Arthur Blomfield in the Early English style and has been given listed building status because of its architectural importance.
 The Observatory Building also known as the Van Ginkel Building was a skyscraper located in downtown Des Moines Iowa. Standing at 197 ft tall (60 m) and heralded as the tallest office building between Chicago and San Francisco when opened on April 1 1896 it was also the first skyscraper in Iowa.
 City Tower is a skyscraper in Prague (Pankrác district) the second tallest one in the Czech Republic with 109 m in height.Construction started in 1985 and the building was designated as a headquarters of Československý rozhlas (now Český rozhlas; a Czech public radio broadcaster).
 Miller Hall is a historic building located on the campus of Waynesburg University at Waynesburg in Greene County Pennsylvania. It is located directly to the east of Hanna Hall. It was built between 1879 and 1899 and is a three-story brick and sandstone building in the Second Empire-style. It has a mansard roof and measures 158 feet long and 54 feet wide with an 86 feet long and 50 feet wide cross-section.
 Foster-Meeker House is a historic home located at Westhampton Beach in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1750 and is a classic Long Island Cape Cod-type dwelling. It is a one story five bay center-door dwelling whose compact massing is characteristic of mid-18th century construction. It was acquired by the Westhampton Beach Historical Society in 2008 and moved to its present location to prevent demolition.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Alam's house is a historical house in Isfahan Iran. The owner of the house was one of the Qajar aristocrats. The house has a yard which is surrounded from every side by residential parts. The northern part is distinguished by a columned veranda and has a reception hall. There are two rooms on the two sides of the reception hall. In this hall there are stucco and decorations with cut mirrors. The hall faces to veranda by seven sash windows and leads to the rooms by khatamkari doors.
 Novena Square Shopping Mall (Chinese: 诺维娜广场) is a shopping mall in Novena Singapore. It lies directly above Novena MRT Station. From November 2006 Novena Square Shopping Mall rebranded itself as a brand new sports and lifestyle mall with a new building extension called the Velocity@Novena Square.
 St Mary's Church Badley is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Badley Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is located some 3 miles (5 km) southeast of Stowmarket on the west side of the B1113 road and is approached by a track about a mile long.
 The Ca' Pesaro is a Baroque marble palace facing the Grand Canal of Venice Italy. Originally designed by Baldassarre Longhena in mid-17th century the construction was completed by Gian Antonio Gaspari in 1710. As at his Ca' Rezzonico a double order of colossal columns and colonnettes flanking arch-headed windows reinterpreting a motif of Jacopo Sansovino Longhena creates the impression of double loggias extending across the main Grand Canal frontage above a boldly rusticated basement.
 Tuthill-Lapham House also known as Friendly Hall is a historic home located at Wading River in Suffolk County New York. The oldest section is a Federal style three story building with a gambrel roof built around 1820. Attached is an addition from 1838 and a two story addition to the west dated 1869. A kitchen wing was added in the 1920s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Church of St Mary is a Grade I listed church in Stevington Bedfordshire England. It became a listed building on 13 July 1964. It is the Anglican parish church of Stevington and is part of the Diocese of St AlbansThe first church on this site as recorded was started in about 880 AD and the tower is the surviving part of this; the rest of the building was added later and completed in about 1480.
 The Shoshazan Engyō-ji (書寫山圓教寺) is a temple of the Tendai sect in Himeji Hyōgo Japan. It was founded by Shoku Shonin in 966.The complex of buildings is at the top of Mt Shosha and can be reached by Mt. Shosha Ropeway and is often visited by pilgrims. Scenes from The Last Samurai were filmed here.The Kansai Kannon Pilgrimage No.27.
 The Chittenango Landing Dry Dock Complex provided dry dock for canalboats on the old Erie Canal. The original complex was built in 1856 and abandoned after this section of the enlarged Erie canal was bypassed by the new barge canal in 1917.The current restoration began in 1986 when the original dry docks were excavatedsince then several buildings have been restored one of which acts as a museumbuilding.The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Esquire Tower also known as Esquire Plaza is a 322 foot (98 m) 248816 square foot office building in downtown Sacramento California.The Esquire IMAX Theater as well as a restaurant are located on the ground level of Esquire Plaza.
 Mai's is a Vietnamese restaurant in Houston Texas that first opened in 1978.
 The Giant Forest Lodge Historic District in Sequoia National Park includes the remnants of what was once an extensive National Park Service Rustic style tourist development for park visitors. Also known as Camp Sierra the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978.
 The O.C. Sarles House at 2nd Ave. and 3rd St. NE in Hillsboro North Dakota was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) but it was removed from the NRHP in 2009.Its NRHP nomination in 1984 identified it as Hillsboro's earliest and finest example of Victorian architecture.Delistings of NRHP-listed properties usually follow demolition or other severe loss of historic integrity of a building.
 Rawabi Abraj Al Bait Towers project consisting of 21 towers is a proposed real estate development in Mecca Saudi Arabia. It features restaurants medical facilities parking 24/7 security high-speed elevators and shopping malls.
 The Collegium Maius (Latin for Great College) in Kraków Old Town Poland is the Jagiellonian University's oldest building dating back to the 14th century. It stands at the corner of ulica Jagiellońska (Jagiellon Street) and ulica Świętej Anny (St. Anne Street) near the main city centre.
 The Château de Chandioux is a ruined castle in the commune of Maux in the Nièvre département of France.The castle was built in the 14th century and remodelled in the 15th and 16th centuries. According to Victor Moreau a window now hidden by vegetation bears the date 1585. Remains of the castle include the lower court the keep and the gatehouse. It has been listed since 1970 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.According to M.
 The Computer History Museum is a museum established in 1996 in Mountain View California USA. The Museum is dedicated to preserving and presenting the stories and artifacts of the information age and exploring the computing revolution and its impact on society.
 The Mosque of Rome (Italian: Moschea di Roma) is the largest mosque in Italy and Europe. It has an area of 30000 m2 (320000 sq ft) and can accommodate 12000 people. The building is located in the Acqua Acetosa area at the foot of the Monti Parioli north of the city.
 Located in North East Los Angeles near the Southwest Museum the Ziegler Estate is a historic building on Figueroa Street in the Highland Park section of Los Angeles California. Built in 1904 the building was designed by Charles Hornbeck and Alfred P. Wilson with elements of both Queen Anne and American Craftsman architecture.
 Edificio Oliver in Arecibo Puerto Rico was built in 1914. The building houses government offices for the municipality of Arecibo. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The church of San Giovannino degli Scolopi is a minor church in the center of Florence located on Via Martelli corner with Via Gori.From 1351 to 1554 the church was known as San Giovanni Evangelista since the site had a small oratory dedicated to the saint. In the mid-16th century Cosimo I applied the inheritance of a Giovanni di Lando of the neighboring Gori family to the erection of a church for the newly arrived Jesuits (1577).
 Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower (or Keangnam Landmark 72) is a supertall skyscraper in Pham Hung Boulevard Từ Liêm District Hanoi Vietnam. The area is reserved for major companies to set up their headquarters there such as KPMG Standard Chartered Bank PWC LG Electronics and so on. The complex consists of one 72-story office tower with the height of 350 m and two 48-storey residence towers.
 Dr. E. G. Roy House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1865 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 Hotel Berlin is a historic 4-star hotel in Berlin Germany located in the Berlin district of Tiergarten (district center) at Lützowplatz. It is one of the largest hotels in Germany with 701 rooms.
 The Rev. John Tufts House is a historic First Period house at 750 Main Street in West Newbury Massachusetts. It was the house of John Tufts (1689–1750) an important early American music educator. The 2.5 story central chimney building is framed entirely in oak and its main block was built all at once (unlike many First Period homes which were often built in stages) in c. 1715. It is five bays wide with an enlarged central bay where the door is located.
 The Castillo de la Emperatriz Eugenia de Montijo (Basque: Eugenia de Montijo enperatrizaren gaztelua) is a neo-Gothic castle in the village of Arteaga near Bilbao in the Basque Country of Spain. It is designated a Basque Heritage building.
 Denmark Presbyterian Church (The Denmark Church) is a historic church on Jackson-Denmark Road in Denmark Tennessee.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Oheka Castle also known as the Otto Kahn Estate is located on the North Shore of Long Island in Huntington New York. It was the country home of financier and philanthropist Otto Kahn. The name Oheka is derived from Otto Hermann Kahn and Kahn also used it for his yacht Oheka II.
 The H. Morse House is a historic house at 230 South Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built in the 1840s and is a well preserved example of a rural Greek Revival farmhouse. It was shown on an 1855 map as being owned by H. Morse in the 1870s by Lyman Morse and in 1878 by Misses Morse. The house has some excellent Greek Revival features including pilastered corner borders and an ornately decorated front door surround.
 The Frank Boutin Jr. House is a historic single dwelling in Bayfield Wisconsin United States. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 27 1974.
 Christ Church is a parish church in Lichfield Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. The church is situated in Leamonsley in the south west area of the city. The church is of Anglican denomination and serves a parish made up of Leamonsley Sandfields and Lower Sandford Street areas of the city.The church is a fine example of the decorated gothic revival style seen in ecclesiastical architecture during the 19th century.
 The Charles M. and Emma M. Fischer Fleshman House in Hawarden Iowa was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Hanza Tower is a proposed skyscraper in Szczecin Poland. Still under construction it will stand where the destroyed clothing factory Dana used to stand. It will be in the shape of a sail and have 28 floors including 3 underground. The tower will be the tallest building between Gdynia and Berlin. The project has suffered delays and is scheduled to be completed in 2015 or mid 2016.
 The Christophoruskirche is a Protestant church in the borough of Schierstein Wiesbaden Germany. It was built in 1752 to 1754 in the style of the late Baroque and Rococo.
 The Louvre or Louvre Museum (French: Musée du Louvre pronounced: [myze dy luvʁ]) is one of the world's largest museums and a historic monument. A central landmark of Paris France it is located on the Right Bank of the Seine in the 1st arrondissement (district). Nearly 35000 objects from prehistory to the 21st century are exhibited over an area of 60600 square metres (652300 square feet).
 The Hager-Mead House is a historic house at 411 Main Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1795 and is one of the city's small number of 18th century houses. It is five bays wide and two deep with chimneys set in the ridge and a center entry flanked by Doric pilasters and topped by a six-pane transom window and modillioned cornice.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Hotel Aldridge in Wewoka Oklahoma was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Bear River Massacre Site near Preston Idaho is the site of the Bear River Massacre in which a village of Shoshone Native Americans were attacked by the California Volunteers on January 29 1863. Estimates of Shoshone casualties are as high as 384. It is also known as Bear River Battleground or Massacre at Boa Ogoi.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1990.Renamed the Massacre of Bear River by the National Park Service in 1993.U.S.
 The Ayer–Shea House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wyckoff Heights Medical Center is a 350-bed teaching hospital located in the Wyckoff Heights section of Bushwick Brooklyn in New York City. The hospital was affiliated with the Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University and was a member of the NewYork-Presbyterian Healthcare System but is no longer.
 The Spring Hill Farm in Hamilton Virginia dates to 1830. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included five contributing buildings.The main building has a telescope plan design and is built with Flemish bond brickwork.
 Weybridge Priory was an Augustinian priory in Acle Norfolk England that was founded in the early 12th century at some distance from the centre of the village but next to an important ford over the River Bure. It was dissolved at the Dissolution of the monasteries and its stones were removed for local secular buildings to such an extent that the site of the priory is sometimes mistaken.
 The Shops at Godley Station is a shopping center located at 105 Grand Central Blvd off of Interstate 95 at exit 102 with direct access to and from Interstate 16. The center consists of 23500 sq ft (2180 m2) of retail space fronting Pooler Parkway.This complex is home to national retailer Pearl Vision (Pearle Opticians) and Select Staffing and regional tenants such as St.
 The Perkins Addition was a 13 house development in Salt Lake City Utah. Ten of its houses survived in 1983 and nine were each individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The New York Palace is a hotel combining the historic landmark Villard Mansion with a modern 55-story tower. Located at the center of Manhattan in Midtown at the corner of 50th Street and Madison Avenue the luxury hotel is directly across the street from St Patrick's Cathedral.
 St Bede's Church Widnes is in Leigh Avenue Appleton Village Widnes Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Istana Kampong Glam (Malay for Kampong Glam Palace; Jawi: ايستان كامڤوڠ ڬلم; Chinese: 甘榜格南皇宫) also Istana Kampong Gelam is a former Malay palace in Singapore. It is located near Masjid Sultan in Kampong Glam. The palace and compounds were refurbished into the Malay Heritage Centre in 2004.
 Dusit Thani Dubai (formerly Dusit Dubai) is a 153 m (502 ft) 40-storey hotel tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Dusit Dubai was completed in 2001. The most notable aspect of the tower is that the structure is divided into two bases which join at the top. It is believed to have been constructed as such to resemble the wai the Thai greeting.The left base contains apartments while the right base are fully furnished hotel apartments.
 The Cathedral of San Lorenzo is the main religious edifice of Perugia Umbria central Italy.
 Montgomery Hill Baptist Church is a historic church on the east side of Highway 59 on CR 80 in Tensaw Alabama. It was built in 1853 in a Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 1040 Fifth Avenue (informally known as the 10 40) is a luxury residential housing cooperative in Manhattan New York City.Architecture critic Paul Goldberger describes 1040 Fifth Avenue as being one of the great apartment houses of the 1920s.10 40 is One of the tallest of the limestone-clad apartment houses on Fifth Avenue this prominent 17-story structure has one of the most distinctive rooflines along the avenue.The canopied entrance has very attractive cast-iron doors and extensive sidewalk landscaping. 
 The University of Oregon Museum of Natural and Cultural History commonly known as the UO Natural History Museum is an American natural history museum at the University of Oregon in Eugene. Located near historic Hayward Field on the east side of the UO campus it is the largest natural history museum between Seattle and San Francisco and a center for archaeological and paleontological research in the Pacific Northwest and the wider world.
 The Ault Store is a historic commercial building in Dundas Minnesota United States. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 6 1982.
 Durdans Hospital is a multi-speciality private hospital in Colombo Sri Lanka founded in 1945.It is one of the oldest hospitals in Sri Lanka which treats many local and international patients.Today Durdans is in a high position of serving the medical tourism industry in Sri Lanka.
 The James Lick Mansion in Santa Clara California is the estate of James Lick who was the richest man in California at the time of his death in 1876. The estate is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. This property was once part of the Rancho Ulistac land grant a square league reaching from the Alviso shoreline southward and encompassing all the land between the Guadalupe River and Saratoga Creek.
 St. Mary’s Church Walthamstow is in Walthamstow Village a conservation area in Walthamstow London. It was founded in the 12th century and is still a working church. It retains over one hundred and fifty brasses and monuments the oldest dating from 1436 though all that now remains of the original Norman church is some pillar bases and the chisel marks on them.
 The Suntop Homes also known under the early name of The Ardmore Experiment were quadruple residences located in Ardmore Pennsylvania and based largely upon the 1935 conceptual Broadacre City model of the minimum houses. The design was commissioned by Otto Tod Mallery of the Tod Company in 1938 in an attempt to set a new standard for the entry-level housing market in the United States and to increase single-family dwelling density in the suburbs.
 The Church of St George in Ruishton Somerset England was built in the 14th and 15th centuries and has been designated as a grade I listed building.Work started on the new church around 1533 and the roof above the nave was completed in 1549 although the tower built in 1533 was never completed. It was built on the site of an earlier Norman church and some features can still be seen at the south door. Another remnant from the earlier church is the font which was carved in about 1380.
 The Griggs Grange Hall also known as Griggs Grange No. 1467 near Jefferson Ohio was built in 1897. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Church of SS Peter & Paul Weston in Gordano Somerset England has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The tower and porch were built around 1300 while the rest of the building is from the 15th century with the work being funded by Sir Richard Percival who died in 1483 and whose tomb is in the north isle of the nave.The interior of the church includes the original Norman font and a stone pulpit from the 13th century there is also a Jacobean pulpit on the north side.
 Bykenhulle originally known as Ivy Hall is a historic house located on Bykenhulle Road near the hamlet of Hopewell Junction New York United States in the Town of East Fishkill. It is a wooden house in the Greek Revival architectural style.First built in the middle of the 19th century by a member of the locally prominent Adriance family it was originally the center of a large farmstead. By the early 20th century the failing farm was subdivided leaving the house on a smaller lot.
 St Mark's Church Saltney is located in High Street Saltney Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St Matthew Saltney Ferry and Sandy Lane Family Church Lache-cum-Saltney. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Rico Town Hall or Rico City Hall is a multi-purpose building in the tiny mountain mining town of Rico Colorado USA. Rico was formerly the county seat of Dolores County and the city hall was built as the Dolores County Courthouse in 1892 by a Mr. Carpenter. At the time Rico was in the middle of a gold boom and had a population of 4000. Over time the county's population shifted to Dove Creek and after 53 years the county seat moved in 1946.
 The Clarence Darrow Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 8405 Main Street in Kinsman Ohio. Built circa 1854 it was the boyhood home of famous lawyer and Kinsman native Clarence Darrow 1857-1938 whose father bought it in 1864. Its exterior walls are constructed of chestnut beams between layers of concrete.On September 10 1971 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eldridge House is a historic house located at 172 County Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1850 in the Greek Revival style in a form that is very rare for Southeastern New England. The broad gabled front with more than one upper level is more common in northern Worcester County southern New Hampshire and in the Connecticut River valley. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Bellevue High School is a public high school serving grades 7-12 in Bellevue Kentucky. It is a part of the Bellevue Independent School District. The student body consists of students in grades 7-12. Enrollment is approximately 400 students. The current Superintendent is Mr. Wayne Starnes Principal is Mr. Dave Eckstein and the Assistant Principal is Mr. Dave Pelgen.
 Hillary House the Koffler Museum of Medicine is an excellent example of a picturesque house in the Gothic Revival style. Built in 1862 Hillary House in Aurora Ontario is recognized by the National Historic Sites and Monuments Board as one of the best examples of Gothic Revival architecture in Canada. The building contains a significant collection of medical instruments books papers household furnishings and equipment dating from the early nineteenth to the late twentieth century.
 Stare Selo Castle is a castle in Stare Selo village Pustomyty Raion Lviv Oblast Ukraine. This castle or fortress was built by Princes Ostrogski family.Its original timber fortifications first mentioned in 1448 were destroyed by the invading Turks in the late 15th century. A more secure stone fort intended to defend the Bârlad Road from Lviv to Romania was built in Stare Selo in the 1580s.
 Chancellor is a historic canal tugboat located at Fulton in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1938 by the Ira S. Bushey & Sons Shipyard of Brooklyn New York. She measures 76.7 ft (23.4 m) in length 21 ft (6.4 m) in beam and 9.3 ft (2.8 m) depth of hold.
 The Bull-Jackson House also known as Hill-Hold Museum is located on NY 416 in the town of Hamptonburgh in Orange County New York. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since May 17 1974.The stone structure was built in 1769 by early settler Thomas Bull who also gave his name to the county's largest park just across Route 416.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Chester is a Presbyterian church in Chester. It is located along NY 94 in the eponymous village in Orange County New York United States. The current church building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 is the third in the history of the congregation on as many locations. Two additions have been built but the building otherwise remains intact a well-preserved example of a 19th-century rural American church.
 VMFA redirects here. For the VMFA designation for a Marine Fighter Attack Squadron see List of active USMC aircraft squadrons.The Virginia Museum of Fine Arts or VMFA is an art museum in Richmond Virginia in the United States which opened in 1936.The museum is owned and operated by the Commonwealth of Virginia while private donations endowments and funds are used for the support of specific programs and all acquisition of artwork as well as additional general support.
 Fort Western was a colonial outpost at the head of navigation on the Kennebec River at modern Augusta Maine United States.It was built in 1754 by a Boston land company (the Kennebec Proprietors) to promote settlement in the area. The fort was a log palisade with blockhouses which protected a store and warehouse. It was never directly attacked. From a high elevation a large rectangular enclosure commanded the river for more than a mile.
 Edgewood also known as Massie House and Boulder Springs is a historic home and farm located at 591 Puppy Creek Road near Amherst Amherst County Virginia. It was built by Joseph Hardin Massie between 1858 and 1869. It is a two-story T-shaped plan brick house with a copper-clad gable roof in the Greek Revival style. The house was altered between 1900 and 1927. Also on the property are the contributing bank barn a 19th-century corn cribc.
 Deodatus Royce House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a two-story five-bay Federal style house built of brick about 1830. A single story ell extends from the rear.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Craig-y-Nos Castle (English: Rock of the Night) is a Victorian-Gothic country house in Wales. Built on parkland beside the River Tawe in the upper Swansea Valley it is located on the southern edge of Fforest Fawr in Powys. The former estate of opera singer Adelina Patti part of the complex is now used as a boutique hotel catering conferencing and entertainment venue. The castle grounds are surrounded by a designated country park which is now part of the Brecon Beacons National Park.
 Opal Tower officially known as Opal 3 Leeds is a 25 storey building in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It serves as student accommodation for 542 students and is close to the Civic Quarter campus of Leeds Metropolitan University and the University of Leeds.
 Gloria Dei Church known locally as Old Swedes' is a historic church located in the Southwark neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania at 929 South Water Street bounded by Christian Street on the north South Christopher Columbus Boulevard (formerly Delaware Street) on the east and Washington Avenue on the south.
 The Thomas Wolfe House also known as the Thomas Wolfe Memorial is a historic house and museum located at 52 North Market Street in downtown Asheville North Carolina. The American author Thomas Wolfe (1900-1938) lived in the home during his boyhood.The two-story frame house was built in 1883 influenced by the Queen Anne Style of architecture. By 1906 when Wolfe's mother Julia E. (Westall) Wolfe (1860-1945) bought the house it was a boarding house named Old Kentucky Home.
 Mobile Government Plaza also known as the City-County Administration Building is a high-rise in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. Completed in 1994 at a cost of US$73 million the building rises 325 feet (99 m) and 12 stories at its highest point. The roof of the building is the site of two twin architectural spires that are included in the tower's overall structural height.
 Jones Ordway House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a two half story T shaped brick vernacular residence. It was extensively remodeled in the 1880s in a picturesque Queen Anne style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Shanghai Bank of China Tower (simplified Chinese: 上海中银大厦; traditional Chinese: 上海中銀大廈; pinyin: Shànghǎi Zhōngyín Dàshà) completed in 2000 is a 53-story tower in the Pudong District of Shanghai China. It was built for the Bank of China by the Japanese architectural firm Nikken Sekkei.
 International Dateline Hotel is the largest hotel in Tonga. It is located in the capital of Nukuʻalofa. It was established in 1966 with 24 rooms initially.The hotel has 126 rooms: of 1 royal suite 6 executive suites 4 junior suites 43 luxury rooms 28 superior rooms 44 standard rooms and 10 family rooms.
 Joseph Taylor Robinson House in Little Rock Arkansas was the home of Arkansas governor and U.S. Senator Joseph Taylor Robinson during 1930-1937 the period of his greatest influence.The house was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 The Morris House (also known as the Morris-Dresbach House) is a historic house in Circleville Ohio United States. Located on Union Street near the city's downtown it is an ornate Gothic Revival structure. A two-story structure built of brick and sandstone upon a stone foundation and covered with a slate roof it is divided into seven rooms.The house was built in 1865 for the family of Samuel Morris the president of the local Third National Bank.
 Archaeological Museum of Epidaurus is a museum in Epidaurus in Argolis on the Peloponnese peninsula Greece. The museum noted for its reconstructions of temples and its columns and inscriptions was established in 1902 and opened in 1909 to display artifacts unearthed in the ancient site of Epidaurus in the surrounding area.
 The Royal Children's Hospital (RCH) is a major children's hospital in Melbourne Australia.As a major specialist paediatric hospital in Victoria the Royal Children's Hospital provides a full range of clinical services tertiary care and health promotion and prevention programs for children and young people.The hospital is the designated statewide major trauma centre for paediatrics in Victoria and a Nationally Funded Centre for cardiac and liver transplantation.Its campus partners are the Murdoch Childrens Research Institute and The University of Melbourne Department of Paediatrics which are based onsite with the hospital.The hospital is surrounded by the parkland of Royal Park with views of trees and lots of natural light.
 The Henry Ebeling House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Late Victorian residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Fort Decker is a stone house built in 1793 from the remains of the fort of that name. It is located on West Main Street in Port Jervis New York the oldest building in that city which it predates by several decades.The original Fort Decker was built by a Frederick Haynes a Dutch settler sometime before 1760 during the French and Indian War as an unofficial defense and trading post. It was one and a half stories high built of stone and overlapping logs.
 Orange County Courthouse is a historic courthouse complex located at Orange Orange County Virginia. It was built in 1858–1859 and is a 1 1/2-story Italian Villa style brick structure. The front facade features a three-part arcade consisting of a semi-elliptical arch flanked by small semicircular arches.
 Prospect Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was established in 1668 and known as the burring plas. The cemetery’s original main gate was on Beaver Road which led from Sutphin Boulevard to Jamaica Avenue. The cemetery was generally known as the Presbyterian burial ground and is one of the few remaining Colonial cemeteries in Queens.
 Thirumalai Nayak Palace is a 17th-century palace erected in 1636 AD by King Thirumalai Nayak a king of Madurai's Nayaka dynasty who ruled Madurai from 1623–59 in the city of Madurai India. This Palace is a classic fusion of Dravidian Islamic styles. The building which can be seen today was the main Palace where the king lived. The original Palace Complex was four times bigger than the present structure.
 The Mark is the 17th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 381 ft (116 m) and 259 units. Located in the East Village district of Downtown San Diego The Mark is a 33-story building that utilizes the postmodern architectural style and was designed by the architect firms Martinez & Cutri Corp. and Shears Adkins Architects LLC.
 Adriatik Hotel is a hotel near Durrës Albania. This is the main tourist hotel in Durrës located on the long sandy beach to the south. It contains 60 rooms and was built during the Stalin-era.An early reference to the facilities is contained in an article written for Atlantic Monthly magazine in 1963 by the well known journalist James Cameron. By the time Philip Ward author of Albania: A Travel Guide pub. 1983 visited in 1982 each bedroom was en suite but was still basic.
 The U.S. Post Office in Santa Barbara California is a combined post office-federal office building in Santa Barbara California. The post office is a prominent example of Mission Revial-influenced Art Deco design and is a significant building in the historic core of Santa Barbara. It was designed by Pasadena architect Reginald Davis Johnson in the mid-1930s and was completed in 1937.
 Tartine is a bakery in San Francisco California located in the Mission District at 600 Guerrero Street (at 18th Street). Writing in the New York Times food columnist Mark Bittman called it his favorite bakery in the U.S.
 The Kennedy-Worthington Blocks are three historic commercial and industrial blocks on the east side of Main Street a few blocks north of the downtown core of Springfield Massachusetts. The five story brick blocks were built starting in 1872 for a locally prominent businessman Emerson Wright and are some of the largest and best preserved to survive from the period.
 Park Gallery is an artist run space which is located in Patan Nepal . It was founded by Rama Nanda Joshi artist art teacher and art activist in 1970. The establishment of Park Gallery was an event of a historical importance in Nepal — the first school that taught modern art and a modern art gallery — an institution committed to the ideals of promoting the principles of modern art in Nepal.
 Graceland is a large white-columned mansion and 13.8-acre (5.6 ha) estate in Memphis Tennessee that was home to Elvis Presley. It is located at 3764 Elvis Presley Boulevard in the vast Whitehaven community about 9 miles (14.5 km) from Downtown and less than four miles (6 km) north of the Mississippi border. It currently serves as a museum. It was opened to the public on June 7 1982.
 The Mt. Prospect Methodist Church was designed by John Pickering in a Greek Revival style and was built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It has been viewed as the finest example in the local area of a vernacular Greek Revival church design.Mount Prospect Methodist Church. Arkansas Department ofHeritage. 30 September 1999. Mount Prospect at Arkansas dept.
 Grace Reformed Church is a historic church located at 1405 15th Street in NW Washington DC.Originally organized as a Reformed Church in the United States congregation it is now affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC). From the earliest days the Congregation has made the historic creeds an integral part of its traditional worship with Gospel preaching and sacred choral and instrumental music.
 The Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Lapa and Residence of the Society of Jesus is a Christian sanctuary in the civil parish of Quintela municipality of Sernancelhe of northern Portugal. The historical residence of the Society of Jesus this site was transformed to support pilgrims to the site and is marked by a chapel delineated by Corinthian columns supporting plinths surmounted by simple frieze and cornice.
 The F.W. Smith Silver Company is a historic factory building at 60 Chestnut Street in Gardner Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1892 by Frank W. Smith who had begun manufacturing sterling silver silverware in 1887. The business continued under a succession of owners until 1958.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Chee Kung Tong Society Hall was a former Chinese society hall located on 2151 Vineyard Street in Wailuku Maui. Built to provide services to single immigrant Chinese males mostly working for the sugarcane plantations it provided religious and political help in addition to mutual aid. Converted to a dormitory in the 1920s it suffered neglect until finally collapsing in 1996.
 The Former Bank of England (grid reference ST592733) is a historic building at 13/14 Broad Street in Bristol England.It was built in 1844-47 by Charles Robert Cockerell with a Doric pseudo-portico of three bays recessed between low pavilions: the attic storey is arcaded with a triangular pediment.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The building is now used as the Bristol Citizens Advice Bureau.
 The Boots Motel a historic U.S. Route 66 motor hotel in Carthage Missouri opened in 1939 as the Boots Court at 107 S. Garrison Avenue.It served travellers at the crossroads of America (US 66 and U.S. Route 71 the major roads of that era) and was built in streamline moderne and art deco architectural style its roofline and walls accented in black Carrara glass and green neon.
 Dole House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a two story stone structure built in 1840 in the Federal style by Isaac Dole an early settler of Lockport. It was renovated in the 1890s in the Colonial Revival style. It is one of approximately 75 stone residences remaining in the city of Lockport.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Ennigaldi-Nanna's museum is the first museum known to historians dating to circa 530 BCE. The curator was Princess Ennigaldi the daughter of Nabonidus the last king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire. It was located in the state of Ur located in the modern-day Dhi Qar Governorate of Iraq roughly 150 metres (490 ft) southeast of the famous Ziggurat of Ur.
 Smith's Fort Plantation is a house and parcel of land located in Surry County Virginia United States. The current main house on the property also known as the Faulcon House dates from 1751. The house has been an example for numerous twentieth century reproductions. It is also known as Warren House and Rolfe-Warren House.
 Lövstad Castle (Swedish: Lövstads slott) is a château situated near Norrköping the province of Östergötland in Sweden. The name is sometimes spelled Löfstad which is according to old Swedish spelling rules.Lövstad has its origins from the 15th century but the present building was erected by Axel Lillie in the 17th century.
 Langston Golf Course is an 18-hole golf course in Washington D.C. established in 1939. It was named for John Mercer Langston an African American who was the first dean of the Howard University School of Law the first president of Virginia Normal and Collegiate Institute (now Virginia State University) and the first African American elected to the United States Congress from Virginia.
 The King David Hotel (Hebrew: מלון המלך דוד‎ Malon ha-Melekh David) (Arabic: فندق الملك داود‎) is a 5-star hotel in Jerusalem Israel. Opened in 1931 the hotel was built with locally quarried pink limestone and was founded by Ezra Mosseri a wealthy Egyptian Jewish banker.
 The Islamic Centre Hamburg (German: Islamisches Zentrum Hamburg) is one of the oldest Shia mosques in Germany and Europe.
 The Lustron Home No. 02102 is an historic enameled steel prefabricated house located in Cedar Rapids Iowa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Old Catonsville High School also known as St. Mark's School is a historic school building located at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. It is a masonry schoolhouse which consists of a one-story single bay structure (built in 1878) and a three-story four bay addition (built in 1898). In 1885 the school was designated a high school and in 1910 the property was sold to the Catholic Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Tisdale-Morse House is an historic house at 17 Fayette Place in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1835 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 Eutaw Place Temple is a large eclectically-styled former synagogue on Eutaw Place in the Bolton Hill neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland. The temple was constructed to serve the German Jewish immigrant community. Originally built as a synagogue for the Temple Oheb Shalom congregation the property was sold to the Prince Hall Masons in 1960. It was built in 1892 as the second home of the Oheb Shalom congregation and borrows design elements from the Great Synagogue of Florence.
 The Sun Towers is a high-rise building complex located in Chatuchak district in Bangkok Thailand.The towers are all located in the North Bangkok Business District.The building complex has a total of 3 buildings: Sun Tower 1 Headquarters Ericsson (40 floors) Sun Tower 2 (32 floors) Sun Tower 3 (22 floors)
 Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church also known as Confederate Memorial Chapel and as the Sacred Heart Catholic Church is a Christian church in Port Gibson Mississippi.
 The Martin County Courthouse is located at 201 Lake Avenue Fairmont Martin County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is a Bedford limestone Beaux Arts building featuring a high copper dome with four clock faces. The first floor was made out of Michigan sandstone. The arched entrance is flanked by polished double Corinthian order columns and topped by a pediment. The building was designed by Charles E. Bell and built by J.B. Nelson for $125000 in 1907.
 The Cathedral of Saint Francis de Sales is the Cathedral Parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker located in Baker City Oregon United States. Constructed in 1906–08 of local volcanic tuff the cathedral was renovated on several occasions most recently in mid-2007. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baker consists of all of Oregon east of the Cascade Range.
 Santa Monica Place is an upscale shopping mall in Santa Monica California. The mall is located at the south end of the famous Third Street Promenade and is also two blocks from the beach and Santa Monica Pier. It underwent a massive three-year renovation process beginning in January 2008 and was re-opened as a modern outdoor shopping mall on August 6 2010.Santa Monica Place originally opened in 1980 adjacent to the old Third Street Mall and was renovated in 1991 and again in 1996.
 The Imhoff-Schokoladenmuseum (Imhoff chocolate museum) was opened by Hans Imhoff on 31 October 1993. It is situated in the Cologne quarter of Altstadt-Süd on the Rheinauhafen peninsula. The exhibits show the entire history of chocolate from its beginnings with the Olmecs Maya and Aztecs to contemporary products and production methods.With 5000 guided tours and 675000 visitors a year the museum is in the Top Ten of German museums.
 SS Peter and Paul (Turkish: Sen Pier ve Sen Paul Kilisesi Italian: Chiesa dei Santi Pietro e Paolo a Galata) is a Roman Catholic church in Istanbul important for historical reasons. The church owns an icon of the Virgin of the Hodegetria type which originally lay in a Dominican church in Caffa Crimea. The current building is a nineteenth-century (1841 to 1843) reconstruction of the Fossati brothers.
 St. Luke's and St. Margaret's Church is a former parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts in the Allston neighborhood of Boston. It was closed in 2010.
 John Mercer Langston School is an historic structure located in the Truxton Circle neighborhood in Washington D.C. The two-story brick building was designed by Appleton P. Clark. The structure was completed in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 Bloor Street United Church is a United Church of Canada church (William R. Gregg Architect) located at 300 Bloor Street West in downtown Toronto near the intersection with Huron Street. It is just north of the University of Toronto and between the Spadina and St. George Subway Stations. As with many of the downtown Toronto churches Bloor United is today noted for its progressivism. Three Bloor Street ministers have become Moderator of the United Church of Canada George C.
 The Duval County Courthouse is the local courthouse for Duval County Florida. It houses courtrooms and judges from the Duval County and Fourth Judicial Circuit Courts. The new facility is located Downtown Jacksonville Florida; it was built starting in 2009 and opened in 2012.Duval County was created on August 12 1822 and was formerly part of St. Johns County.
 The Merseyside Maritime Museum is a museum based in the city of Liverpool Merseyside England UK. It is part of National Museums Liverpool and an Anchor Point of ERIH The European Route of Industrial Heritage. Opened in 1980 and expanded in 1986 the museum occupies warehouse block D at the Albert Dock along with the Piermaster's House Canning Half Tide Dock and Canning Graving Docks.The city’s seafaring heritage is brought to life within the historic Albert Dock.
 The Generali Building (Hebrew: בניין ג'נרלי‎ Binyan Generali) is a landmark office building on Jaffa Road in western Jerusalem Israel. Designed by Marcello Piacentini chief architect of the Italian Fascist regime it served as the Jerusalem branch of the Assicurazioni Generali insurance company from 1935 to 1946. In 1946 the British Mandatory government nationalized the building and enclosed it and several other structures at the eastern end of Jaffa Road in a fortified security zone.
 The Outlet Shoppes at Oklahoma City is a large outlet mall located in Oklahoma City Oklahoma. Oklahoma Factory Shoppes is over 348000 square feet (32300 m2) in size. Oklahoma Factory Shoppes opened on August 5 2011 and is one of the largest malls owned by Horizon Group. The mall was proposed to open in fall 2009 howeverplans were put on hold because of the economic recession of 2008. Construction began in July 2010.
 The Franklin Wesson House is an historic house at 8 Claremont Street in the Main South neighborhood of Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the finest High Gothic Victorian houses in the city. The 2.5 story brick structure was built in 1874 for Franklin Wesson one of the founders of Harrington & Richardson a major Worcester arms manufacturer.
 The Taipei World Trade Center (TWTC; Chinese: 台北世界貿易中心; pinyin: Táiběi Shìjiè Màoyì Zhōngxīn) was started in January 1986 by Taiwan's foremost trade promotion organization the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) to provide a single modern venue that would combine exhibition space conference facilities offices and hotel accommodation for international business.
 The McGregor Memorial Conference Center is an office building located at 495 Ferry Mall on the campus of Wayne State University in Midtown Detroit Michigan. The building was Minoru Yamasaki's first commission following his trip to Japan and re-envisionment of architectural design.
 Lassus Castle (French: Château de Lassus or Hamoir-Lassus) is a château in Hamoir in the province of Liège Belgium.The château which stands on the banks of the Ourthe was formerly the residence of the hereditary mayors of the village. The oldest part is a small donjon of the early 14th century. Long the property of the de Maillen family the buildings were entirely remodelled in the 18th century in the Louis XIVth style.
 The Isaac T. Hopper House a Greek Revival townhouse at 115 Second Avenue between East 6th and 7th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City next to the New Middle Collegiate Church was built in 1837-38. It was built as a rowhouse and was originally the residence of David H. Robertson a merchant who later went bankrupt. The house then became the home of Ralph and Ann E. Van Wyck Mead one of four rowhouses used by their extended family.
 The Old Colony Historical Society (OCHS) is located at 66 Church Green in Taunton Bristol County Massachusetts USA.Since 1926 the Society has occupied the historic former Bristol Academy school building. The building was designed in 1852 by Richard Upjohn architect of New York City’s Trinity Church and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Church Green Historic District.
 The Shanghai Expo Mart (Chinese: 上海世博会展中心; IPA: [ʂɑŋ4xaɪ̯3 ʂɨ4pu̯ɔ2xu̯eɪ̯4 tʂan3 tʂʊŋ1ɕin1]?) formerly the Africa Joint Pavilion (Chinese: 非洲聯合館) is an exhibition hall near the Huangpu River in Shanghai China. The hall was originally constructed for Expo 2010 and consists of 21000 square metres (230000 sq ft) of indoor area and 3600 square metres (39000 sq ft) of outdoor space. The hall underwent renovation after the expo with renovations finishing in November 2011.
 The Baird Law Office in Green Bay Wisconsin was built in the 1830s in Greek Revival style which was then popular as one of America's first architectural styles that explicitly rejected British practices. The small one-story building measures just 16 x 30 feet (9.1 m) in size and served historically as a professional building. A plaque from 1964 explains that it was built as a law office for Henry S.
 Belize Medical Associates is a private hospital in Belize City Belize. It was developed in 1988.
 Louisa County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Louisa Louisa County Virginia. It was designed by architect D. Wiley Anderson from Richmond and built in 1905. It is a two-story five-bay porticoed Classical Revival brick structure. It measures 59 feet wide and 63 feet deep and features a pedimented portico supported by four Ionic order columns. It has a modified hipped roof topped by an octagonal drum dome and lantern.
 First Congregational Church is located in Beloit Wisconsin. The church was built in the Exotic Revival architecture and Romanesque Revival architecture styles in 1859. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance on January 23 1975. It was designed by Lucas Bradley.
 Tokyo Skytree (東京スカイツリー Tōkyō Sukaitsurī) is a broadcasting restaurant and observation tower in Sumida Tokyo Japan.
 The Provincial Tower (also known as Provincial Bank Tower or BBVA Banco Provincial Tower) is a skyscraper located in the Venezuelan city of Caracas stands out as the fifth highest office tower in the city and Venezuela was inaugurated in 1984 has 40 floors and is about 159 meters high is located in the Candelaria Parish northwest of Libertador Municipality of Caracas.This building does host a major private financial institutions operating in the country the Provincial Bank which is controlled by the Spanish group Banco Bilbao Vizcaya or BBVA hence after 1997 be called BBVA Provincial Bank Tower.
 The Huguenot Fort is a historic fortification site on Fort Hill Road in Oxford Massachusetts.The original fort was built in 1694 by Huguenots Protestant immigrants who were fleeing state church persecution in France. Oxford was originally settled by Huguenots in two waves the original settlement having been abandoned after four residents (John Johnson and his three children Peter Andrew and Mary) were killed in a violent confrontation with local Native Americans.
 The Turin City Museum of Ancient Art (Italian: Museo civico d'arte antica) is a museum located in the Palazzo Madama palace in Turin northern Italy. The museum has a rare collection of artifacts from Gandhara coming from the Italian excavations of the IsMEO at the Butkara Stupa in Pakistan as well as paintings from the medieval Renaissance and Baroque periods. It was reopened in 2006 after several years of restorations.
 Red Mill Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Colosse in Oswego County New York. The district includes a number of contributing structures; the farmhouse tool shop (ca. 1832) granary (ca. 1832) horse barn (ca. 1832) silo garage milkhouse and windmill. The farmhouse was built about 1832 and is a three bay two story frame building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St. Mark's Roman Catholic Church is a Catholic church on the Chantry Estate in Ipswich. It is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of East Anglia. It was founded in 1959. It had for a time been a Franciscan parish served by a small Friary although the Franciscans withdrew in 1994.There is also a Roman Catholic Primary School attached to the parish also called St Mark's.
 Holy Cross and St Helen Church is a Roman Catholic church in St Helens Merseyside. It was built in 1860 by the Society of Jesus. It was designed by Joseph John Scoles and is a Grade II listed building.
 Old School Square Cultural Arts Center is a historic area located at 51 North Swinton Avenue in Delray Beach Florida United States. It is built on the former site and former buildings of the now defunct Delray Elementary School and Delray High School at the corner of Atlantic Avenue and Swinton Avenue anchoring Delray's historic downtown shopping district.
 The Writers' Building (Bengali: মহাকরণ Mahakaran) often shortened to just Writers' is the secretariat building of the State Government of West Bengal in India. It is located in West Bengal's capital city of Kolkata. It housed the office of the Chief Minister of West Bengal till 4 October 2013.
 Saint Mary's Hospital (abbreviated STMH) is an urban hospital located at 56 Franklin St. in Waterbury Connecticut USA. Saint Mary's Hospital is located off of I-84 in Waterbury. It was founded in 1907 by the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Chambéry and it is designated as a Level II trauma center. Saint Mary’s has a very strong affiliation with Yale University School of Medicine and is one of the medical school's teaching hospital for nearly 40 years.
 Metro North Mall was a 1.3 million square foot (123076 m2) mall located at 400 NW Barry Road in Kansas City North Missouri.Metro North opened its doors in 1976 and was the only enclosed mall located north of the Missouri River in the Kansas City metro area as well as being the second largest mall in the area behind Oak Park Mall in Overland Park Kansas.
 Founder's Hall was the first building built on the campus of The Rockefeller University (formerly The Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research ). Although there are still laboratories in the building the space is now mostly used for administrative offices.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It is located at 66th Street and York Avenue in Manhattan New York City.
 The U.S. Post Office also known as the Federal Building and Courthouse is a historic government building in Anniston Alabama. The Beaux-Arts-style building was constructed in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 13 1976.
 The Yale Center for British Art at Yale University in downtown New Haven Connecticut houses the largest and most comprehensive collection of British art outside the United Kingdom. The collection of paintings sculpture drawings prints rare books and manuscripts reflects the development of British art and culture from the Elizabethan period onward.
 Burgruine Gomarn is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Zoar Strict Baptist Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the hamlet of Lower Dicker in the English county of East Sussex. Founded in 1837 and originally known as The Dicker Chapel the large and impressive Classical/Georgian-style building stands back from a main road in a rural part of East Sussex.
 Old North Church (officially Christ Church in the City of Boston) at 193 Salem Street in the North End of Boston is the location from which the famous One if by land and two if by sea signal is said to have been sent. This phrase is related to Paul Revere's midnight ride of April 18 1775 which preceded the Battles of Lexington and Concord during the American Revolution. The church is a mission of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
 Longfield (or Charles Dana Gibson House) is an historic house at 1200 Hope Street in Bristol Rhode Island.
 Santa Fe Trail Remains also known as Santa Fe Trail Ruts is a two mile (3 km) section of the former 1200-mile (1900 km) long Santa Fe Trail that is the longest continuous stretch of clearly defined Santa Fe Trail rut remains in Kansas.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1963.It is located nine miles (14 km) west of Dodge City Kansas on US 50.There are other sections of Santa Fe Trail ruts that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Intrepid Sea Air & Space Museum is a military and maritime history museum with a collection of museum ships in New York City. It is located at Pier 86 at 46th Street on the West Side of Manhattan. The museum showcases the aircraft carrier USS Intrepid the submarine USS Growler a Concorde SST and a Lockheed A-12 supersonic reconnaissance plane.
 The Abraj Al Lulu is a large residential project located in Manama the capital city of Bahrain. The entire project consists of three large towers two of which have 50 floors and one with 40. The three towers (Gold Pearl Silver Pearl and the Black Pearl) are located next to the King Faisal Highway which is close to popular landmarks such as the Pearl Roundabout NBB Tower Bahrain WTC and the Bahrain Financial Harbor. The entire project covers a land area of over 23230 m2 (250000 sq ft).
 This article is about the building. To learn more about the state legislature see Karnataka Legislative Assembly and Karnataka Legislative Council.The Vidhana Soudha located in Bengaluru (Bangalore) is the seat of the state legislature of Karnataka. It is an imposing building constructed in a style sometimes described as Mysore Neo-Dravidian and incorporates elements of Indo-Saracenic and Dravidian styles. The construction was completed in 1956.
 The Oregon Historical Society Museum is a history museum housed at the Oregon History Center in downtown Portland Oregon United States. The museum was created in 1898 and receives about 44000 visitors annually.It houses the Portland Penny that decided the city’s name. This 1835 copper penny was flipped to decide between the names of Boston and Portland with Portland as the winner. The museum contains over 85000 artifacts and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 St. Luke's Church is a historic church on US 9 in Clermont Columbia County New York. It was built in 1857 and is a one story Gothic Revival style frame church with a steeply pitched gable roof and board and batten siding. It features a large open framed bell tower with a polygonal steeple and elaborate trim. The entry porch gable roof has a decorative bargeboard. It was designed by noted ecclesiastical architect Richard M. Upjohn (1828-1903).
 The Torre PwC formerly Torre Sacyr Vallehermoso is a 52-floor 236 metre (774 feet) tall skyscraper completed in 2008 located in Madrid Spain. Torre Sacyr Vallehermoso is one of four buildings in the Cuatro Torres Business Area. It was designed by Carlos Rubio Carvajal and Enrique Álvarez-Sala Walter and was built by Sacyr Sau.
 The Hampton Inn in New Canaan Connecticut also known as The Maples Inn was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 First Congregational Church is a congregation of the United Church of Christ located in Eldora Iowa United States. The congregation was organized in 1868 and the church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 425 California Street is a 26 story highrise on California- and Sansome Streets in San Francisco California.
 Farmers' Bank is the first bank museum of its kind found in Virginia. Farmers' Bank was incorporated in 1812 and the Petersburg Virginia branch opened in 1817.
 The Timpanogos Cooperative Marketing Association Building also known as Snow Station and as Orem Railroad Depot and Packing Sheds is located at 380 S. Orem Blvd. in Orem Utah. It was built in 1926 and includes Prairie School architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Congregational Church Of Austinburg (also known as The First United Church of Christ Austinburg) is a historic congregational church on OH 307 in Austinburg Ohio.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The congregation is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ.
 Union Square Cafe is an American restaurant featuring New American cuisine located at 21 East 16th Street (between Union Square West and Fifth Avenue) in the Union Square neighborhood of in the Manhattan borough of New York City New York. It is owned by Danny Meyer with chef Michael Romano.
 Australia 108 is a proposed supertall skyscraper located in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne Victoria Australia. If built the building will become the tallest building in Australia to roof and the second-tallest building in Australia overall. The proposal consists of a 321 metre (1053 ft) apartment building with 1060 apartments over 99 floors.Originally the project would have been 388 metres (1273 ft) high and contained 108 storeys.
 The Virginia Museum of Transportation is a museum devoted to the topic of transportation located in Downtown Roanoke Virginia US.
 College Hill also known as George Walton House Harper House or Walton-Harper House is a home built in 1795 near Augusta Georgia.It was the home from 1795 to his death here in 1804 of George Walton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.It is located at 2216 Wrightsboro Road approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Augusta. It is a private residence and is not open to the public.
 The Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant at 699 Ponce de Leon Avenue in the Poncey-Highland neighborhood of Atlanta Georgia was the headquarters of the Ford Motor Company's southeastern US operations from 1915 to 1942. As a result of good sales in Atlanta and a desire to decentralize production Ford established a combined assembly sales service and administration facility on Ponce de Leon Avenue selling a peak of 22000 vehicles per year.
 Auckland Adventist Hospital was an Adventist Hospital in Auckland. It was a private sector hospital and was located in Saint Heliers. It provided a very wide range of services.The hospital's medical center included accident laboratory physiotherapy and radiology services a pharmacy and specialist consulting rooms. It was sold by the Trans-Tasman Union Conference due to financial difficulties.
 Honey Creek Friends' Meetinghouse is an historic structure located in New Providence Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Garnethill Synagogue is the historic 'cathedral synagogue' of Scotland. It is located in Garnethill Glasgow.
 The Sacramento Valley Museum is a museum located at 1491 E Street Williams in Williams Colusa County northern California. The museum is exclusively devoted to Sacramento Valley history from the mid 19th through the mid 20th century. It displays historical photographs artifacts textiles and quilts manuscripts and documents and vintage newspapers from the Sacramento Valley region in the northern California Central Valley.
 Arlington is a historic Federal style house and outbuildings in Natchez Mississippi. The 55-acre (22 ha) property which includes three contributing buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It was further declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974. Following a fire that destroyed much of the main house it was placed on Mississippi's 10 most endangered historic places for 2009 by the Mississippi Heritage Trust.
 The University Museums at the University of Delaware is the collective name for the University of Delaware's collections of American art minerals and Pre-Columbian ceramics.The museums are open to the public and are used as laboratories by University of Delaware students enrolled in the Curatorial Apprenticeship Program. The collections are used in teaching a variety of subjects ranging from geology to African American studies and art history.
 Tour Sequoia (previously known as tour Bull and also known as tour SFR or tour Cegetel) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district just west of Paris France.Built in 1990 the 119-metre-tall tower represents the transition between the third and the fourth generations of buildings in La Défense. It is the first tower to be built with a semi-circular design in the business district.
 The Tower Life Building is a landmark and historic building in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.Construction of the tower began in 1927 and the building rises 403 feet (123 meters) and has 30 floors. The building which opened in 1929 was originally named the Smith-Young Tower and is the central component of a partially completed development called the Bowen Island Skyscrapers.
 The MCRD San Diego Command Museum is located in Day Hall Building 26 Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego San Diego California. It exhibits historical items relating to the United States Marine Corps. The museum opened on November 10 1987 and was officially designated as a command museum on January 8 1993.
 Shelter Island Country Club is a historic country club located at Shelter Island in Suffolk County New York. The club was established in 1901 and consists of a nine hole golf course club house driving range and maintenance facility. The club house is a two story Colonial Revival style wood frame building with a side gabled gambrel roof with five dormer windows on both the east and west elevations.
 The X-10 Graphite Reactor at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge Tennessee formerly known as the Clinton Pile and X-10 Pile was the world's second artificial nuclear reactor (after Enrico Fermi's Chicago Pile) and was the first reactor designed and built for continuous operation.When President Roosevelt in December 1942 authorized the Manhattan Project the Oak Ridge site in eastern Tennessee had already been obtained for the Clinton Engineer Works and plans had been laid for establishing an air-cooled experimental pile a pilot chemical separation plant and support facilities. 
 Peninsula Village Historic District is a historic district located on both sides of OH 303 in Peninsula Ohio.It features Greek Revival Federal style and Italianate architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Broad Run Bridge and Tollhouse were built for the Leesburg Turnpike Company in Loudoun County Virginia. The stone bridge built about 1820 was a permanent replacement for a series of wood bridges at the location with at least three that had been washed away between 1771 and 1803. The bridge spanned Broad Run on two arches with prominent conical buttresses. The road rose to the center of the bridge. The stone toll house stands nearby.
 The Bailey–Michelet House is a historic Italianate residence on Sheridan Road in Wilmette Illinois. Originally built in Evanston it was home to meatpacking businessman William Roberts Bailey and his wife Nancy. In 1896 the house was moved to Wilmette when it was sold to lawyer Charles Jules Michelet. Several generations of Michelet lived in the house. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Emmanuel Lutheran Church of Harlemville and Cemetery is a historic Lutheran church and cemetery at County 21 and Pheasant Lane Harlemville Road at Ten Broeck Road in Harlemville Columbia County New York. It was built 1871-1873 and is a one story rectangular wood frame building with clapboard siding and a gable roof. It features a square bell tower and is set on a fieldstone foundation.
 The David Frost House is an historic house at 26 Gray Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1815 and was originally located on Massachusetts Avenue.
 St Nicholas' Church Freefolk is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Freefolk Hampshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the south of the B3400 road and the River Test some 2 miles (3.2 km) east of Whitchurch.
 The Cheng Nan-jung Liberty Museum (Chinese: 鄭南榕自由紀念館; pinyin: Zhèngnánróng Zìyóu Jìniànguǎn) is a museum in Songshan District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is dedicated to the pro-democracy activist Cheng Nan-jung.
 The Cottonwood County Courthouse is a governmental building of Cottonwood County Minnesota United States. It is located at 900 3rd Avenue in the county seat of Windom. It was designed by architects Omeyer and Thori and was built in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 18 1977.
 Franzensburg is a castle in Laxenburg Lower Austria Austria.
 The Rad Slavin cis. 112 Z.C.B.J. Hall also known as National Hall is a building in Comstock Nebraska United States that was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 12 1992. It historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community.
 The Rosebud is a historic diner at 381 Summer Street in Somerville Massachusetts near Davis Square.The diner was built in 1941 by the Worcester Lunch Car Company for the Nichols family. The diner was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.In 2013 after 40 years of the family's ownership Evangelos Nichols sold the Rosebud to Martin Bloom.
 The Church of St Mary is the parish church of Cannington Somerset England.
 St John of God Subiaco Hospital is a division of St John of God Health Care one of the largest providers of health care services in Australia.Founded in 1898 Subiaco Hospital is the oldest surviving St John of God Health Care hospital in Australia and the first permanent facility established by the Congregation of the Sisters of St John of God.A major rebuilding occurred at the hospital site in 1981
 The King George V Memorial Hospital for Mothers and Babies is a former hospital exclusively for mothers located near the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital in Sydney Australia located on Missenden Road in Camperdown. It operated from 1941 until its almalgamation into the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital on 14 November 2002.
 US Post Office-Morrisania originally Station T is a historic post office building located at Morrisania in The Bronx New York United States. It was built in 1936 and designed by consulting architect William Dewey Foster for the Office of the Supervising Architect. The building is a two story five bay wide brick building with a hipped roof and a one bay recessed wing in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Samuel G. Reed House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Chilehaus (Chile House) is a ten-story office building in Hamburg Germany. It is located in the Kontorhausviertel. It is an exceptional example of the 1920s Brick Expressionism style of architecture. This large angular building is located on a site of approximately 6000m² spanning the Fischertwiete Street in Hamburg. It was designed by the German archtiect Fritz Höger and finished in 1924.
 The Samuel I. and Olena J. Goodwin House at 80 West 400 North in Lehi Utah United States was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Green Shack was a restaurant located on Fremont Street in Las Vegas Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. It was opened by Mattie Jones and was famous for its fried chicken.
 The Voorhees Chapel on the Jamestown College campus in Jamestown North Dakota was built in 1917. It was designed by architect Barend H. Kroeze in Collegiate Gothic style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It is retardaire in its design.
 Holy Trinity Church Southwell is a parish church in the Church of England in Southwell Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Indian Key Historic State Park is an island within the Florida State Park system located just a few hundred yards southeast of U.S. 1 within the Florida Keys. The island was briefly inhabited in the middle of the 19th century but is now an uninhabited ghost town. It is frequently visited by tourists and is the subject of an archaeological project to uncover the historic building foundations.The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Clay County Courthouse located in Spencer Iowa United States was built in 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Providence Telephone Company is an historic building at 112 Union Street in Providence Rhode Island.The early commercial Renaissance building was designed in 1893 by Stone Carpenter & Willson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse is a Classical Revival courthouse located at 40 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of lower Manhattan in New York City. The building designed by Cass Gilbert and his son Cass Gilbert Jr. is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as U.S.
 Dovegate Prison is a Category B men's private prison located near Uttoxeter in Staffordshire England. The prison is operated by the Serco Group.
 Harmondsworth Great Barn (also known as Manor Farm Barn) is a medieval tithe barn on the former Manor Farm in the village of Harmondsworth in the London Borough of Hillingdon England (previously part of the historic county of Middlesex). It stands just north of Heathrow Airport. Built in the early 15th century by Winchester College it is the largest timber-framed building in England and is regarded as an outstanding example of medieval carpentry.
 Deerbrook Mall is a regional mall in Deerfield Illinois Located on 130 acres (0.53 km2) its current anchor stores are Sports Authority TJ Maxx Jewel Osco Office Max Ulta and Bed Bath and Beyond. Former anchors include Best Buy Bally Total Fitness Old Country Buffet and Blockbuster Video. The Great Indoors closed after just one year in business and Wonder! after four months in the same space. Venture the now defunct retail chain was ten-year tenant in the mall.
 Restaurant De Stenen Tafel is a restaurant located in Borculo in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star from 1999 to 2011.Gault Millau did not mention the restaurant or its sister bistro De OlliemölleHead chef of De Stenen Tafel is Raymond Prinsen. He took over in 1994.Prinsen closed the restaurant in April 2011 due to lack of motivation. He went on with his Bib Gourmand bistro De Olliemölle and started developing other plans like a cookery school.
 The Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District is a historic district extending through parts of the towns of Chester Middlefield and Becket Massachusetts. The district encompasses a 3.7-mile (6.0 km) stretch of railroad right of way in which there are ten bridge crossings of the west branch of the Westfield River. The bridges were built in four time periods: 1840 1866 1912 and 1928.
 Todd House is a historic house museum that was the home to abolitionist and Congregationalist minister John Todd. The house is located on Park Street in Tabor Iowa.It was built in 1853 around the time when John Todd moved to Tabor as a co-founder of Tabor College and the town of Tabor. John Brown visited the home around the time of his raids and the house served as a stop on the Underground Railroad prior to the Civil War.
 Torre Núñez y Navarro (also Repsol building) is a skyscraper in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1993 has 20 floors and rises 77 meters. Lies on Carrer de Tarragona street 141 near Plaça d'Espanya and three other skyscrapers: Edificio Allianz Hotel Torre Catalunya Edificio Tarragona.
 Hobson's Choice is an historic home located at Woodbine Howard County Maryland. It is a five-bay two-and-a-half-story rectangular brick house built about 1830 with a low-pitched gable roof and a recent low two-story frame rear wing. The woodwork is Greek Revival in influence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Maplewood Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Pleasant Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.
 The Naval cathedral of Saint Nicholas in Kronstadt is a Russian Orthodox cathedral built in 1903–1913 as the main church of the Russian Navy and dedicated to all fallen seamen. The cathedral was closed in 1929 was converted to a cinema a House of Officers (1939) and a museum of the Navy (1980). The Russian Orthodox Church reinstalled the cross on the main dome in 2002 and served the first Divine Liturgy in the cathedral in 2005.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital is a community hospital in Binghamton New York United States sponsored by the Daughters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul.In 1983 the hospital was selected by the US Federal Government to take part in a national cancer research project. In 2006 a flood cost the hospital several million dollars in damages.
 The U.S. Post Office–Lancaster Main is a historic post office at 120 Main Street in Lancaster New Hampshire. The single story brick building was built in 1935 and occupies a visually commanding location in the town center. The brick is laid in common bond atop a granite base layer and water table. The center of the main facade projects from the main block and features six pilasters of fluted granite construction topped by a raised parapet.
 Copley Place is an upscale shopping mall in the Back Bay section of Boston Massachusetts as part of a larger complex that includes office buildings two hotels and a parking garage.
 Cavendish Universalist Church is a historic church building on VT 131 in Cavendish Vermont.The stone structure was constructed in 1844 in a Vernacular Greek Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church was located at Findlay & Baymiller Streets in the Old West End Neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio. The church was founded in 1883. Rev. Lewis Brown served St. Luke's since 1883. Rev. Ewald Haun was Rector in 1911.
 Summerville Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Lillington North Carolina.The original church was built in 1811 burned down due to being struck by lightning and was rebuilt in 1848. In 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The William R. Boyd Unit is a state Prison housing male inmates located approximately 6 miles northeast of Teague Texas and approximately 5 miles southwest of Fairfield Texas.The prison is on approximately 734 acres of land and is operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Correctional Institutions Division employing 292 people as of August 31 2012.
 Castle of Braga (Portuguese: Castelo de Braga) is a historical fortification and defensive line encircling the city of Braga. While in fact the only remains of this structure are the various gates and towers along its perimeter the main keep tower located in the civil parish of São João do Souto is the only true remnant of the medieval castle.The old castle today demolished had an approximate rectangular plan with towers on each vertice.
 The School Street Barn is the last remaining 19th century barn in Agawam Massachusetts's School Street Park. The 1880 barn is associated with a farmhouse (built c. 1840) that was torn down in 2000. The barn is located in a public park between Main Street and the parking area within the park boundaries. It is about 51 feet (16 m) long and 41 feet (12 m) wide with a gable height of about 30 feet (9.1 m).
 Seiya-san Muryōshuji Kita-in (星野山無量寿寺喜多院) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Kawagoe in Saitama Japan. It is noted for its main hall which was part of the original Edo Castle and the statues of 540 Rakan disciples of the Buddha.
 For other museums named War of 1812 museum see War of 1812 museum (disambiguation).The Star-Spangled Banner Flag House formerly the Flag House & Star-Spangled Banner Museum is a museum located in the Jonestown/Old Town and Little Italy neighborhoods of eastern downtown Baltimore Maryland United States.Built in 1793 it was the home of Mary Pickersgill when she moved to Baltimore in 1806 and the location where she sewed the Star Spangled Banner Garrison flag that flew over Fort McHenry in the summer of 1814 during the Battle of Baltimore in the War of 1812. 
 Leopardstown Hospital is a publicly funded hospital in Foxrock Dublin Ireland offering healthcare to elderly patients and war veterans.
 Westfield Sarasota Square formerly Sarasota Square Mall is a shopping mall in Sarasota Florida. Its four anchor stores are Costco JCPenney Macy's and Sears. Westfield Group bought the center in 2002 and renamed it Westfield Shoppingtown Sarasota dropping the Shoppingtown name in June 2005 and becoming Westfield Sarasota Square.The mall is one of two Westfield-owned properties in Sarasota the other being Westfield Southgate.
 Centretown United Church is an historic church located in Ottawa Canada at 507 Bank Street at Argyle in the Centretown area. It was built in 1906 as the Stewarton Presbyterian Church using Gothic Revival architecture under the architecture of Moses Chamberlain Edey (designer of Heritage site the Aberdeen Pavilion and the Daly Building. The corner stone was laid by his excellency Sir Mortimer Clarke Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.
 The Southeast Museum of Photography is located in Daytona Beach Florida on the campus of Daytona State College. It opened in 1992 and moved to a new facility (the Mori Hosseini Center) in 2007.The museum's permanent collection has more than 3500 photographs and includes work by William Klein Sally Mann Harry Callahan Gordon Parks Alfred Stieglitz Edward Steichen Paul Strand Aaron Siskind and Robert Rauschenberg among others. It holds approximately 20 exhibitions per year.
 The parish Church of St Mary in Luccombe Somerset England has a chancel dating from about 1300 with the nave and tower being added around 1450. It has been designated as a grade I listed building.It was built by John Maris of Stogursey. The chancel is the earliest part of the church dating from around 1300. In l530 the aisle was added and in 1752-1756 a gallery added which was removed in 1840 when the church was further restored and the vestry added.
 Malden Inn is a historic building in Blainsburg Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 St. John of God Catholic Hospital also known as Mabessaneh Hospital is a hospital located in Mabesseneh Lunsar Sierra Leone. It is run by the Brothers Hospitallers of St.
 Stonewall Jackson School also known as West End School is a historic school building located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1886-1887 is a tall two-story brick and granite school building in the Italianate style. It features a bracketed cornice andshallow standing seam metal hipped roof. The building consists of identical wings facing west and south and a connecting curved bay which contains a double stair.
 John Churchman House is a historic home located at Calvert Cecil County Maryland United States. It consists of two distinct sections: a two-story three-bay gable-roofed brick house laid in Flemish bond dated to 1745; and a two-story two-bay gable-roofed house built in 1785 of uncoursed fieldstone.
 Csernovics Castle located in Macea Commune Arad County Romania is an architectural monument built in the 19th century. It belonged to two noble families Csernovics and Károlyi.
 The Richmond Gaol is a convict era building and tourist attraction in Richmond Tasmania and is the oldest intact gaol in Australia. Building of the gaol commenced in 1825 and predates the establishment of the penal colony at Port Arthur in 1833. One of the tasks completed by the convicts who were held at Richmond Gaol was the construction of Richmond Bridge.Most of the gaol buildings have not been changed since convict times.
 Heath Chapel is located in an isolated position in a field in the civil parish of Heath Shropshire England. It is an Anglican chapel in the deanery of Ludlow the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. The chapel is served by the Ludlow Team Ministry. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it as the perfect example of a rich little Norman chapel.
 Arts Tasmania is an agency of the Tasmanian State Government and is in the portfolio of the Tasmanian Minister for the Arts. Arts Tasmania is within the Tasmanian Department of Economic Development Tourism and the Arts. It is the Tasmanian Government agency responsible for policy and planning for arts and culture in Tasmania. The Minister for The Arts is Premier Lara Giddings MP and the Director is Katherine Hough.
 Great Steak (formerly Great Steak and Potato Company) is a chain of Philadelphia cheesesteak restaurants. Great Steak is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kahala Franchising L.L.C. of Scottsdale Arizona. The chain was founded in Dayton Ohio in 1982. As of 2010 Great Steak has nearly 160 locations in the United States and abroad.
 The Damon House is a historic house at 275 Broadway in Arlington Massachusetts. Although traditionally associated with the Rev. David Damon of the First Parish Church this 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built c. 1855 after Damon's death. Although it is predominantly Greek Revival in its styling it was modified in 1875 adding the Italianate front portico and small side additions.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Hedonism II is a vacation resort in Jamaica owned and operated by Marshmallow Ltd headed by Harry Williams and CEO Jon Gross of Unwind Travel and the lifestyle group The Fluffernutters. The resort has areas reserved for naturism and it is known for liberal sexual drug and alcohol attitudes; children are not allowed at the resorts. As of 2012 only Hedonism II is in operation. There was never a Hedonism I and Hedonism III closed in 2010.
 Dr. Charles A. Foster House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1889 and is an asymmetrical 2 1⁄2-story stone and frame Queen Anne style residence. It features a 1-story stone porch and cylindrical 2-story tower with conical roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Horace Stillwell Towers is a highrise residential building in Savannah Georgia. At 20 stories it is one of the tallest buildings in Savannah. It is owned and operated by the Housing Authority of Savannah and used to provide housing for the elderly handicapped and disabled. The building is located on the south side of the city near the Memorial University Medical Center.
 National Art Museum of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Milli İncəsənət Muzeyi) is the biggest art museum of Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1936 in Baku and in 1943 was named after Rustam Mustafayev a prominent Azerbaijani scenic designer and theater artist. The museum consists of two buildings standing next to each other. The museum's total collection includes over 15000 artworks. There are over 3000 items in 60 rooms on permanent display. About 12000 items are kept in storage.
 The Brown-Maynard House is a historic house at 84 Tenth Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was constructed in the 1850s and is a well-preserved local example of Italianate styling with a cupola and extended eaves with paired brackets. The house's first owner was Samuel Brown a supervisor at the Boott Mills.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Alversund Church (Norwegian: Alversund kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Alversund. The church is part of the Alversund parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1879 by the architect Jon Jonsen Alvær. The church was consecrated on 27 May 1879 by the Bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland. It seats about 200 people.
 St. Paul's is a Catholic church sited on Arran Quay Dublin Ireland.
 Brooks Health Centre is a medical facility located in Brooks Alberta.Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital. It contains 40 acute care and 75 long term care beds. It is staffed by 14 family physicians and 2 emergency physicians. There is currently a pilot underway to reduce ER wait times where patients are prompted in the waiting room to self identify whether they may be able to visit their family physician instead of the emergency department.
 The Kalamazoo Institute of Arts (KIA) is a non-profit art museum and school in downtown Kalamazoo Michigan United States. Admission to most exhibitions and programs is free.
 The Leventis Gallery is an art gallery in Nicosia Cyprus. Opened in 2014 it houses a collection of over 800 paintings from Cypriot Greek and European artists. The gallery was designed by Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios.
 All Saints Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at Hall and Harrison streets in DeQuincy Louisiana in the United States. On September 20 1983 All Saints was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Vasilios Church is a Greek Orthodox Church located at 5 Paleologos Street in Peabody Massachusetts USA. The first Greek immigrants arrived in the Peabody area in or about the year 1900.
 Rutherford House was the home of the first Premier of Alberta Alexander Cameron Rutherford from 1911 to 1941. It is now designated as an Alberta provincial historic site.
 The Peter L. Cherry House is a house located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Binghamton in Broome County New York. It is a one story bluestone structure with Gothic Revival elements. The church consists of a rectangular central section housing the nave and aisles an apse and bell tower on the east facade and side entrances through transepts on the north and south elevations.
 Electric Tower or General Electric Tower is a historic office building and skyscraper located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is the seventh tallest building in Buffalo. It stands 294 feet (89.6 m) and 13 stories tall and is in the Beaux-Arts Classical Revival style. It was designed by James A. Johnson and built in 1912. Additions were made in 1923 and 1928.
 The Galleries of Justice Museum also known as the Shire Hall is an independent museum and a registered charity on High Pavement in the Lace Market area of Nottingham England.The courtrooms date back to the 14th century and the gaol dates back to at least 1449. The prisons are still there.
 Vike Church (Norwegian: Vike kyrkje) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Vikebukt. The church is part of the Vike parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white concrete church was built in 1970 by the architect O.S. Solheim. It has a free-standing steeple off of the southeast corner of the building. The church seats about 200 people.
 Ingleside is an historic house in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood of Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1979 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The house was designed by architect Thomas U. Walterand completed around 1850. It is a contributing property in the Mount Pleasant Historic District.
 Kuching Civic Centre or Dewan Suarah Kuching is a major landmark in Kuching Sarawak Malaysia. The building was officially opened on 1 August 1988 following the proclamation of Kuching as a city status.
 Wye House is a large Southern frame plantation house located in Talbot County Maryland seven miles (11 km) northwest of Easton. It was listed for preservation on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Ancient Free and Accepted Masons Lodge 687 (AF and AM) also known as the Independent Order of Odd Fellows J.R. Scruggs Lodge 372 is a building constructed in 1876 as a Masonic Hall. It is located in downtown Orangeville Illinois a small village in Stephenson County. The building originally built by the local Masonic Lodge was bought by the locally more numerous Independent Order of Oddfellows fraternal organization in 1893.
 The Ginn Carriage House is a historic carriage house at 24 Ginn Road in Winchester Massachusetts. The building which has been converted to a residence is one of two surviving outbuildings (the other is the gardener's house) of the extensive Terrace of Oaks estate of publisher Edwin Ginn whose main house was demolished in 1946. The U-shaped brick carriage house built in 1900 exhibits high quality construction details and has touches of Georgian Revival styling.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in La Grange California was built in 1855. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It served historically as a clubhouse and as a meeting hall.
 PNC Bank Building is a 317-foot-tall (97 m) skyscraper located at 155 East Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1977 and has 24 floors. It is the 15th tallest building in Columbus. The building was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and follows a modernist architectural style.
 The church of Saint Anthony in Campo Marzio known as Saint Anthony of the Portuguese (Italian: Sant'Antonio dei Portoghesi Portuguese: Santo António dos Portugueses) is a Baroque Roman Catholic titular church in Rome dedicated to Saint Anthony of Lisbon.Established as titulus S. Antonii in Campo Martio in 2001 the most recent Cardinal-Priest of the church was José Policarpo.
 The Ishak Çelebi Mosque (Macedonian: Исак џамија Isak džamija) is the largest mosque in Bitola Macedonia. It is situated along the north bank of the Dragor River. This area was known as Bit-Pazar in the quarter of Emir Bey or Eyne Bey also known as Ishak Çelebi mahalle.
 The National Museum of African American History and Culture (NMAAHC) is a Smithsonian Institution museum established in 2003. The museum's building is currently under construction on the National Mall in Washington D.C.
 The Waseca County Courthouse located at 307 North State Street in the city of Waseca Waseca County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a two-story Kasota limestone and buff-colored brick building with a large bell- and clock-tower. It was designed by Minneapolis architects Orff and Joralemon and constructed by J. D. Carroll of St. Paul Park for $55833. The Richardson Romanesque building features polished granite columns supporting triple arches at the entrance.
 The Gazzola and Vaccaro Building is a Prairie School style building in Brinkley Arkansas that was built in 1916. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Gothenburg Museum of Art (Swedish: Göteborgs konstmuseum) at Götaplatsen Gothenburg Sweden
 The Four Points by Sheraton Brisbane is a hotel tower located at 99 Mary Street in Brisbane Australia.The 33-storey 107-metre (351 ft) skyscraper is located in the heart of the Brisbane central business district adjacent to the Botanic Gardens and the Parliament House.The hotel tower includes 246 rooms of average size of 27 square metres.
 The Aaron Hilton Site is a historic archaeological site located near Charles City Charles City County Virginia. The site includes the remains of a simple house built between 1870 and 1877 for Aaron Hilton a respected former slave.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Masonic Temple in Belfast Maine is a building from 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. While there is currently a Masonic Lodge in Belfast it meets in another location.
 Egge Church (Norwegian: Egge kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Egge on the northern edge of the town of Steinkjer. The church is part of the Egge parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was constructed in the empire style in 1870 to seat about 484 people. The church was designed and built by Rasmus Mentsen Overrein.
 The Carnegie Library of Covington in Covington Indiana is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Emerald Towers (Russian: Изумрудный квартал) is a project consisting of three office towers of 54 43 and 37 floors in Astana Kazakhstan. Currently the project is on hold.
 The Charles Piper Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin in Batcombe Somerset England dates from the 15th and 16th centuries and was restored in the 19th. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.The church is built of limestone from the Doulting Stone Quarry. The tower which has triple belfry openings contains five bells dating from 1760 and made by Thomas Bilbie of the Bilbie family in Cullompton.The interior of the church includes an octagonal font.
 Hurlbut Memorial Gate is a monumental structure 132 ft (40 m) long 50 ft (15 m) high and 40 ft (12 m) in depth at the entry way to Water Works Park located at East Jefferson Avenue and Cadillac Boulevard in a historic area of Detroit Michigan. It is named after Chauncey (sometimes Chauncy) Hurlbut a 19th-century Detroit grocer president of the Board of Water Commissioners and philanthropist.
 The Columbia River Maritime Museum is a museum of maritime history located about ten miles (16 km) from the mouth of the Columbia River in Astoria Oregon U.S.. It has a national reputation for the quality of its exhibits and the scope of its collections and was the first museum in Oregon to meet national accreditation standards. The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Chandler Fashion Center is a regional shopping center located in the city of Chandler Arizona and is the second largest mall in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The mall is owned by Westcor a subsidiary of The Macerich Company and was opened on October 19 2001 with more than 180 stores and five anchors including Arizona's second Nordstrom Sears Dillard's Macy's and Harkins Theatres. The mall is located on Chandler Boulevard at the northwest corner of Loop 101 and Loop 202 Santan.
 The Washington County Courthouse in Washington Iowa United States was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Frederiksted Historic District is a historic district in Frederiksted United States Virgin Islands. It includes Fort Frederik. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 100 East Pratt Street is a building located in Baltimore Maryland. The building originally began construction in 1973 by Emery Roth & Sons though it halted in 1975. Construction was then completed and developed in 1992 by Skidmore Owings & Merrill. The building stands at 418 ft. (128 m) containing twenty-eight floors. This tower with over 110000 square feet (10000 m2) consists of aluminum glass and steel.
 The Wayne County Courthouse is located in Wooster Ohio and was constructed to Thomas Boyd's design from 1877-1879. The building is designed in classic Second Empire style and is composed of sandstone. The architect originally designed a symmetrical building separate from the old north annex of the previous courthouse.
 The Musée de l'Orangerie is an art gallery of impressionist and post-impressionist paintings located in the west corner of the Tuileries Gardens next to the Place de la Concorde in Paris. Though most famous for being the permanent home for eight Water Lilies murals by Claude Monet the museum also contains works by Paul Cézanne Henri Matisse Amedeo Modigliani Pablo Picasso Pierre-Auguste Renoir Henri Rousseau Alfred Sisley Chaim Soutine and Maurice Utrillo among others.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a church located in Zamboanga City Philippines. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Zamboanga.
 Segal Building is located in Atlantic City Atlantic County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 9 1984.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Portsmouth Ohio is an Odd Fellows building.It was built in 1871 in Italianate style. It served historically as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The Orient Lodge No. 337 no longer owns this building and property it is now owned by Charles Euton Real Estate.MAILING ADDRESS: Orient Lodge No.
 Townsville Correctional Centre is an Australian prison facility in Townsville Queensland Australia.The facility is more commonly known as Stuart Prison Stewart's Creek Penal Establishment H.M. Prison Townsville and now known as Townsville Correctional Complex. It was the only correctional centre in Queensland to hold mainstream males females and protection prisoners within the same secure perimeter.
 The Mud House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story 24-by-38-foot (7.3 by 11.6 m) rectangular earthen building with gable roof. It was constructed about 1836 of clay puddled with straw and then rammed into forms above a fieldstone foundation and is a rare surviving example of rammed-earth construction.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Tithe Barn in Maidstone Kent is a large two-storey stone building on the east side of Mill Street. It was constructed in the 14th century as a tithe barn for the nearby Archbishop's Palace and was later used as the palace's stables. The barn is a Grade I listed building and a scheduled monument. It is home to the Tyrwhitt-Drake Museum of Carriages.
 St. Cyril and St. Methodius Church is an historic church on Main and High Streets inLisbon Falls Maine.The church was built in 1926 by Addison D. Pulsifer and was added to the National Historic Register in 1977.
 The Rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street (also known as the Edward Manning Houses) are a series of historic rowhouses at 256-274 Haven Street in Reading Massachusetts USA. They were built in 1886 by Edward Manning on the site of a millyard that had been destroyed by fire a few years before. The rowhouses are in a Greek Revival/Italianate style unusual given that these styles had passed out of fashion by that time.
 The August 23 Artillery Battle Museum (Chinese: 八二三戰史館; pinyin: Bā'èrsān Zhàn Shǐguǎn) is a museum in Zhongzheng Park Jinhu Township Kinmen Fujian Republic of China.
 Fairfield Hospital is a district hospital located in Fairfield in the south-western part of Sydney Australia. It has about 200 beds and provides general medical general surgical obstetric paediatric emergency ambulatory care and drug health services.
 The Museum of Technology Helsinki is situated in Helsinki Finland. It is the only general museum of technology in Finland.The Museum of Technology is operated by the private Museum of Technology Foundation which was established in 1969. The foundation was established by industrial and engineering organizations museum professionals and the municipalities of the Helsinki metropolitan area.
 Omaha City Hall is located at 1819 Farnam Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. It is the seat of government for the City of Omaha.
 Whitby Psychiatric Hospital also known as Whitby Psych Ontario Hospital for the Insane Ontario Hospital Whitby or OHW was a mental health facility located in Whitby Ontario. It has been replaced by Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences which operates on the same site.
 Alberta Hospital Edmonton is a psychiatric hospital operating under the governance of Alberta Health Services. It is located in the northeastern portion of Edmonton Alberta Canada and was founded on 1 July 1923.Admission and continuing treatment at Alberta Hospital Edmonton can be voluntary formal under the Mental Health Act or in the Forensic Psychiatry Program under the Criminal Code of Canada.
 St. Luke's Church Derby is a Grade II* listed parish church on Parliament Street in Derby in the Church of England.
 Hafnarborg The Hafnarfjördur Centre of Culture and Fine Art is a public art museum located in Hafnarfjörður Iceland. It was opened in May 1988 but the foundation for the institution was laid in 1983 when Dr. Sverrir Magnússon and his wife Ingibjörg Sigurjónsdóttir donated their house along with a substantial collection of art and books to Hafnarfjörður on the seventy-fifth anniversary of the incorporation of the town.
 The Puʻunēnē School also known as Puunene School is a historic school building in the community of Puʻunēnē in the central part of Maui Hawaii United States. Built in 1922 by the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company (a division of Alexander & Baldwin) which ran the community it was erected on 10 acres (4.0 ha) of land donated by the company in 1913. Upon completion it replaced an earlier four-room school on the site that was built to hold 350 students.
 Kandawala was the home of General Sir John Lionel Kotelawala CH KBE LLD (4 April 1897 - 2 October 1980) was a Sri Lankan politician most notable for serving as Prime Minister of Ceylon from 1953 to 1956. The house is located in a 48-acre (190000 m2) estate that includes a lake known as Kandawala lake.During World War II the house was used as the station headquarters and officers mess for the RAF based at the Ratmalana Airport.
 Indian Hill-North Village is a historic district containing properties along Ararat Street and Delaval Heroult Marconi Watt and Westinghouse Roads in the area immediately to the north of Indian Lake in Worcester Massachusetts.The village was created as a model planned company town for its workers by the Norton Grinding Company in 1915.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Frank C. Scherer Wagon Works is a historic factory located in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1887 and consists of a three-story six bay red brick and sandstone factory building with a two-story three bay office building. A one-story addition was built in 1928. The factory building features segmental arched window openings and a parapet. The office building is of yellow and red brick with sandstone trim.
 The National Museum of the Resistance (Dutch: Nationaal Museum van de Weerstand French: Musée National de la Résistance) is a museum in Anderlecht Belgium which traces the history of the Belgian resistance and German occupation of Belgium during World War II.
 Dodnash Priory was a priory in Bentley Suffolk England near the boundary with East Bergholt. It is believed to have been founded in 1128 by Baldwin de Toeni and was in use until Cardinal Wolsey's downfall in 1525.
 The Cuckooland Museum previously known as the Cuckoo Clock Museum is a museum that exhibits mainly cuckoo clocks located in Tabley Cheshire England. The collection comprises 300 years of cuckoo clock-making history since the very earliest examples made in the 18th to the 21st century.
 One Lincoln Tower is a luxury hotel and condominium building located within the Lincoln Square complex in downtown Bellevue Washington. Construction began on June 27 2000 and topped out on July 13 2005. It is home to 148 condominiums and the Westin Bellevue a 303-room hotel. It is also features many restaurants stores and a 65000 ft² health club.
 Kevada Masjid (also Kewda or Kevda) is a mosque in Champaner Gujarat state western India. It is part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mosque has minarets globe-like domes and narrow stairs.
 The William L. Church House is a historic house at 145 Warren Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1916 and is one of Newton's finest Bungalow-style homes. Its owner William Church was a hydraulic and mechanical engineer.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Rad Sladkovsky lodge also known as Pishelville Hall is an historic building located near Verdigre Nebraska that was built in 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 29 1982. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community hosting a Zapandi Czechoslovakia Brakaska Jednota lodge that was the oldest Czech fraternal order in Nebraska.
 The Shriner–Ketcham House also known as Lang House is a private house located at 327 Shriner Street in Hastings Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1996 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Caen is a fine arts museum in the French city of Caen founded at the start of the 19th century and rebuilt in 1971 within the ducal château.
 St. Paul's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located in Portsmouth Virginia. It is a compact Gothic Revival style cruciform plan church. It is constructed of load-bearing masonry walls clad in quarry-faced granite. The church was designed by John Peebles (1876-1934) in 1897 and dedicated in 1905. It is the fifth church on the site. Also on the property is a contributing rectory constructed in 1913.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Bologna Gallery of Modern Art with its five exhibition venues (the Bologna Museum of Modern Art Villa delle Rose Museo Morandi Casa Morandi and Museo per la Memoria di Ustica) and its patrimony of over 3.500 items of modern and contemporary art represents one of the most important museums of the city of Bologna Italy.
 Hillsong Church London is a Pentecostal church and is the London congregation of Hillsong Church which also meets in Sydney Paris Kiev Cape Town Stockholm and New York City. The church was planted out of Sydney by Gerard and Sue Keehan in 1992 as the London Christian Life Centre becoming Hillsong Church London in 1999 and is currently pastored by Gary and Cathy Clarke.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Talladega) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Alabama. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States United States Department of Justice. The facility also includes an adjacent minimum-security satellite camp that also houses male offenders.FCI Talladega is located approximately 50 miles from Birmingham Alabama and 100 miles from Atlanta Georgia.
 The Hotel Baxter popularly called the Baxter or Baxter Hotel is a seven-story hotel built in 1929 in the Main Street historic district of Bozeman Montana. Designed in Art Deco style by architect Fred F. Willson it opened for business on March 2 1929. The grand opening party was held Saturday March 16 1929. The hotel is named after George Baxter a prominent Gallatin County rancher who provided much of the funding. It originally contained 76 rooms two bars and restaurant facilities.
 Closter Road-Oak Tree Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. It encompasses 18 contributing buildings and one contributing site. The district consists of 19 properties that reflect the historic core of the hamlet.
 Col. John Hannum House is a historic house located in East Bradford Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1760 and has three additions. The original section is 2 1/2-stories and constructed of fieldstone. It is five bays wide and has a gable roof. It has a two-story rectangular wing with a gable roof. Attached to the wing is a banked addition and one-story garage.
 St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in South Deerfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1908. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.Thought the Parish closed in 2009 a new parish was created by the name of Holy Family Parish South Deerfield
 Morris Clinton House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It was built in 1881 and is an L-shaped 2 1⁄2-story frame house with a 2-story wood shed wing at the north end of the rear ell. In 1882 the house was featured in an agricultural journal as an example of progressive rural architecture.
 The Richard C. Smith House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Jefferson Wisconsin in 1950. It is one of Wright's diamond module homes a form he used in the Patrick Kinney House the E. Clarke and Julia Arnold House and a number of other homes he designed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The back of the house wraps around a huge oak tree.
 Salangsdalen Chapel (Norwegian: Salangsdalen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It is located in the southern part of Bardu in the Salangsdalen valley just east of the European route E06 highway and not far from the Polar Zoo. The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The Coal Palace was a temporary exhibition center that stood in Ottumwa Iowa from 1890 until 1892. It was used most prominently to showcase the local coal mining industry.During its brief history President Benjamin Harrison and Congressman William McKinley visited the building but a decline in attendance and nature's toll on the building's exterior ultimately resulted in the building's demolition in 1892.
 The Clewiston Museum is located at 109 Central Avenue Clewiston Florida. It houses exhibits highlighting the local area including: Fossils Sugar Cattle Industry First Commercial Fishing Flying Brits Killer Hurricanes and Seminole Indians.
 Hermosa Masonic Lodge is an historic Masonic building located in Hermosa South Dakota United States. In 1926 Battle River Lodge No. 92 of Hermosa bought the 1889 Hermosa School stripped it of its brick veneer belfry and end gable and moved it to what is now 33 North 2nd Street where the remaining wooden shell was converted into a lodge hall.
 Douglass-Reams House is a ca. 1828 center-hall house in Franklin Tennessee.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The notability of the property was mentioned in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources:The greatest number of early brick residences were built in central hall or central passage plan arrangements. In these homes the main entrance opens onto a central hallway flanked by two large rooms.
 The George Preston Blow Gymnasium commonly referred to as Blow Gymnasium was the second gymnasium used by The College of William & Mary for the men's basketball team. The building which was constructed from 1923–1925 with an expansion in the early 1950s was used as the school’s men's physical education center and basketball arena until the 1970–1971 season when William & Mary Hall opened.
 The Congress Building or simply the Congress Building is a historic skyscraper in Downtown Miami Florida United States. It is located at the address of 111 Northeast 2nd Avenue. The Congress Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14 1985 and is locally identified a historic site in the Downtown Miami Development of Regional Impact (DRI). The Congress Building was formerly office space until 1999 when it was restored and converted to apartments.
 PNC Plaza formerly known as RBC Plaza is the largest and tallest skyscraper in the city of Raleigh North Carolina USA. The tower rises to a height of 538 feet (164 m) and is situated on a 0.83-acre (3400 m2) lot housing approximately 730000 square feet (68000 m2) of office and retail space parking and residential condominiums.
 The Piedmont Charcoal Kilns in Piedmont Wyoming are a remnant of a once-extensive charcoal-making industry in southwestern Wyoming. The kilns were built by Moses Byrne around 1869 near the Piedmont Station along the Union Pacific Railroad. The three surviving beehive-shaped kilns were built of local sandstone about 30 feet (9.1 m) in circumference and about 30 feet (9.1 m) high with 24-inch (61 cm)-thick walls.
 Elliott House is a historic building in Wellington New Zealand.The house was built for James Sands Elliott a medical professional in 1913. The north side served as the family residence while the Kent Terrace side served as his consultancy room and surgery. The building was renovated in 1988.The building is classified as a Category I (places of special or outstanding historical or cultural heritage significance or value) historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 South Solon Meetinghouse is a historic church building in Solon Maine.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The building was constructed as a traditional colonial church building with classical revival details. The original pews pulpit and choir loft gallery are still in place. It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Pennsylvania Station was a historic railroad station named for the Pennsylvania Railroad its builder and original tenant and shared its name with several stations in other cities. It was designed by McKim Mead and White and completed in 1910.
 Tomb of the King of Boni built in the early 15th century is the tomb of Manarejiana 麻那惹加那 ruler of Boni  a medieval state on the island of Borneo considered by some as the predecessor of the present-day sultanate of Brunei. The tomb and associated statuary is located in a park at the southern foothills of Tortoise Mountain (Guishan) about 3 km south of the southern gate of the walled city of Nanjing.
 The Domestic Science Building at 11th and Haddock in Arkadelphia Arkansas is a Colonial Revival building that was built in 1917. It was designed by Thompson & Harding. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Helen and St Giles is a church and landmark of Rainham London and is the oldest building in Havering (being Norman). The church retains many of its original features for example the round-headed arches. It was founded by Richard de Lucy the son-in-law of Henry II of England. de Lucy was also one of the instigators of the assassination of Thomas Becket the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1170. Construction of the church took place between 1160 and 1170.
 Landsberg Prison is a penal facility located in the town of Landsberg am Lech in the southwest of the German state of Bavaria about 65 kilometres (40 mi) west of Munich and 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Augsburg. The prison was used by Allied power during the Occupation of Germany for holding Nazi War Criminals. In 1946 General Joseph T. McNarney commander in chief U.S. Forces of Occupation in Germany renamed Landsberg: War Criminal Prison Nr. 1.
 The W.H. Bickel Estate is a 2½ story stone mansion built between 1928 and 1930 on the outskirts of Parkersburg West Virginia. The 1800-square-foot (170 m2) building has a rectangular main section and a wing to the East. It is known for its architecture and ghost that reportedly haunts the area.
 Davidson Hall Coker College also known as the Administration Building is a historic educational building located on the campus of Coker College at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. It was built in 1909-1910 and is a two-story 15 bay rectangular brick building with Neo-Classical details. It has a hip roof and a projecting semicircular auditorium on the rear elevation.
 Sarawak General Hospital (Malay:Hospital Umum Sarawak) is the largest hospital in the state of Sarawak Malaysia. It is the main tertiary and referral hospital in East Malaysia. In its earlier years it was known as Kuching General Hospital.
 The Second Rindge Meetinghouse Horsesheds and Cemetery is a historic meeting house and cemetery on Old US 202 (Main Street) and Rindge Common in Rindge New Hampshire. The wood frame clapboard building was built in 1796 replacing the town's first meeting house which stood on approximately the same site. The building is relatively distinctive in New England as one of few such meeting houses where both civic and religious functions are still accommodated.
 The Dayton Arcade is a collection of five buildings located in Dayton Ohio.The Historic Arcade is a historical architecturally elegant complex located in the heart of Dayton's central business district. Built between 1902 and 1904 it was conceived by Eugene J.
 St Luke's Church Dunham on the Hill is located in the village of Dunham on the Hill Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Frodsham the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St Paul Helsby. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Crosley-Garrett Mill Workers' Housing Store and Mill Site also known as Paper Mill House and the William Crosley Store and Mill Worker's House is a historic mill-related complex located at Newtown Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a four-family stone Workers' Housing unit (1828) with an attached store (1845) and the archaeological remains of William Crosley's Woolen Mill (1828-1861) and Casper S. Garrett's Union Paper Mill (1869-1889).
 Naberezhnaya Tower (Russian: Башня на набережной Tower on the embankment) is an office complex consisting of 3 individual office buildings underconnected to each other via a common basement totalling approximately 254000 m2 (2730000 sq ft) of lettable area of office and retail space based on Building Owners and Managers Association measurements. and located on plot 10 in the International Business Centre Moscow City in Moscow. Block A is 85 metres 17 floors tall. Completed in 2004.
 John Copcutt Mansion also known as Saint Casimir's Rectory is a historic home located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1854 and is cruciform in plan two and one half stories high in an elaborate Italianate style. It is five bays wide divided into three sections by a central projecting three story tower. It was acquired by St. Casimir Roman Catholic Parish in Yonkers in 1900 and used as a convent and after 1955 a rectory.
 The Cold Spring Cemetery Gatehouse is located along Peekshill Road in Nelsonville New York United States. It is a cut granite Gothic Revival cottage built in 1862 one of the earliest uses of that style in the Hudson Highlands. It is used as a house today and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is a one-story building of coursed granite with a jerkin roof cross-gabled on both north and south (front and back).
 Firing Line: Cardiff Castle Museum of the Welsh Soldier is a museum opened in 2010 comprising collections formerly exhibited at Cardiff Castle in the Queen's Dragoon Guards Museum and the Welch Regiment Museum.
 Buffalo Trunk Manufacturing Company Building is a historic factory and warehouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a five story eight bay red brick L shaped flat roofed industrial building constructed in two phases 1901–1902 and 1906-1907. It is an example of slow burn masonry and wood factory construction.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The House at 18 Park Street also known as the Clarence A. Van Derveer House is a historic house at 18 Park Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Craftsman/Bungalow style house was built in 1922 by Clarence A Van Derveer a real estate broker who lived next door and subdivided his lot to build this house.
 The HP Garage is a private museum where the company Hewlett-Packard (HP) was founded. It is located at 367 Addison Avenue in Palo Alto California. It is considered to be the Birthplace of Silicon Valley. It is a designated California Historical Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The home originally designated as 367 Addison Avenue was first occupied in 1905 by Dr. John Spencer his wife Ione and their two adult daughters. Dr.
 Rocky Hill Congregational Church is a historic church at 805-817 Old Main Street in Rocky Hill Connecticut.It was built in 1805 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Ignatius Church or the Jesuit Church is a Roman Catholic Church building served by the Society of Jesus next to Coláiste Iognáid in Galway. It was founded in 1863 and is a protected structure in the city.
 White House Farm also known as White House Tavern and the Dr. John McCormick House listed in the National Register of Historic Places is located in Jefferson County West Virginia near the small town of Summit Point about six miles from Charles Town West Virginia. The farm consists of a ca. 1740 farmhouse a stone barn (the oldest standing in West Virginia) a springhouse of about the same age a wooden curing shed and 60+ acres of pasture and woods.
 Two International Place is a postmodern skyscraper in the Financial District neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The site is located on a site formerly known as Fort Hill. It is located blocks from North End the waterfront South Station Downtown Crossing and the Federal Courthouse. The building was designed by John Burgee Architects with Philip Johnson and completed in 1992 is Boston's ninth-tallest building standing 538 feet (164 m) tall.
 The Alexander Bishop House sometimes called the Donelson-Bishop House is a historic home located in the Powell community of Knox County Tennessee USA. Built in 1793 by pioneer Stockley Donelson (1753–1804) the house is one of the oldest in Knox County. Alexander Bishop the house's namesake purchased it in 1856 and his descendants have maintained it ever since.
 The Château de Langoiran is located in the district of Bordeaux in Gironde in Langoiran Aquitaine France. The donjon of the castle (fortified central tower) is one of the largest in France. It overlooks the Garonne Valley and offers a good view for visitors. It has been listed as a French Monument Historique since May 1892.
 The Huntsville Hospital System also known as Huntsville Hospital is a public not-for-profit hospital campus consisting of several sites and buildings originating in the downtown area of Huntsville Alabama.
 The Zeckendorf Towers building sometimes also called One Irving Place and One Union Square East is an 89 m-tall (292 ft) 29-story four-towered condominium enclave on the eastern side of Union Square in New York City New York. Completed in 1987 the building is located on the former site of the bargain-priced department store S. Klein.
 Sky Mark Tower also known as 600 Main Street is a high-rise residential building located in Worcester Massachusetts. It is 289 feet (88 m) tall and contains 24 stories above ground. It was completed in 1991 with a major renovation being completed in 2000 and is currently tied as the tallest building in Worcester with Worcester Plaza
 Waxhaw Presbyterian Church Cemetery (Old Waxhaw Cemetery) is a historic church cemetery in Lancaster South Carolina.It was founded in 1757 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Saint Georges Hotel is a hotel in Central London England.It is located on the corner of Langham Place and Rising House Street. The site on which the hotel is located was formerly the Queen's Hall (bombed in 1941) and was developed by the Crown Estate.The 86 guest rooms of the Saint Georges Hotel occupy floors 9 to 14 of the building. Two of the floors of the hotel contain the executive suites; there are eight hotel suites in total.
 White Hall Plantation House is an 1840s Italinate and Greek Revival home attributed to the architect Henry Howard and built in 1848–49 by Elias Norwood. It is located in Legonier a hamlet on the east bank of the Atchafalaya River and a part of the unincorporated town of Lettsworth Louisiana today. White Hall's most notable owner was Bennet Barton Simmes founder of Simmesport State Senator and contributor to the Louisiana articles of secession prior to the Civil War.
 The Orange County Museum of Art (OCMA) is a museum located in Newport Beach California.The museum's collection comprises more than 3000 objects with a concentration on the art of California from the early 20th century to present. Exhibits include traditional paintings sculptures and photography as well as new media in the form of video digital and installation art. Each month the museum hosts events such as Thursday evening lectures artists' talks and special activities for children.
 The Clay County Savings Association in Liberty Missouri was robbed on February 13 1866 making it one of the earliest documented daylight bank robberies. The robbers escaped with at least $60000 (equivalent to $966000 in 2014) and killed a bystander outside.
 Congregation Agudas Achim Anshei Sfard more commonly known as The Adams Street Shul is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue located at 168 Adams Street in the village of Nonantum in Newton Massachusetts. Founded in 1911 it is the oldest synagogue in Newton. Its Romanesque Revival building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1990.
 The Ronde Lutherse Kerk or Koepelkerk is a former Lutheran church in Amsterdam located at the Singel. The church can be easily seen from the Singel by its copper dome.
 St. Stephen's Church Coleman Street was a church in the City of London at the corner of Coleman Street and what is now Gresham Street first mentioned in the 13th century. Destroyed in the Great Fire of London of 1666 it was rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The church was destroyed again by bombing in 1940 and was never rebuilt.
 Jánský vrch (German: Johannesberg) is a castle located in the Jeseník District which lies in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. The castle Jánský Vrch stands on a hill above the town of Javorník (Jauernig in German) in the north-western edge of Czech Silesia a territory historically known as Sudetenland.
 The Castle of Carrazeda de Ansiães (Portuguese: Castelo de Carrazeda de Ansiães) normally shortened to Castle of Ansiães is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Lavandeira municipality of Carrazeda de Ansiães. The castle ruins whose structure is easy to reconstitute includes a few peculiarities such as small Traitors' Gate alongside the keep tower and remnants of barbicans along the walls in addition to examples of primitive cisterns in relative good state (although obstructed).
 William Richardson House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a remarkably intact late Federal / early Greek Revival–style farmhouse. It is a 2-story three-bay brick dwelling main block with a 1 1⁄2-story side ell and 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. Also on the property are four late-19th-century / early-20th-century barns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Jukhtak Vank (Armenian: Ջուխտակ վանք) is an 11th– or 12th-century monastery situated in a clearing within Dilijan National Park 3.2 km northwest from the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It sits close to the church of Matosavank as well as a cemetery that surrounds the church.
 North Lyndon Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Lyndon in Cattaraugus County New York. It was built in 1844 and functioned as a local school until 1948.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Adams Grove Presbyterian Church is a historic Greek Revival-style church building in rural Dallas County Alabama near the community of Sardis. Built in 1853 it features a distyle-in-antis type portico with box columns. No longer actively used by a church congregation the building is now privately owned.
 The Kingman County Courthouse located at 130 Spruce Street in Kingman Kansas is an historic 3-story redbrick courthouse building set on a ground-floor basement of rough-faced white limestone. The stairway and entrance portico leading to the main entrance are of the same limestone. Its roof is basically hipped with gables in the middle of each side pyramids on each corner and an octagonal shaped cupola rising from the center.
 The Exchange Square (Chinese: 交易廣場; pinyin: Jiāoyì Guǎngchǎng) is a building complex located in Central Hong Kong. It houses offices and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It is served by the Central and Hong Kong stations of the MTR metro system.Most part of the Exchange Square is owned by Hong Kong Land with the remaining portions owned by the American Club of Hong Kong and the Government. The building has three blocks namely One Exchange Square Two Exchange Square and Three Exchange Square.
 Angissoq LORAN-C transmitter was a LORAN-C transmitter at Nanortalik-Angissoq Greenland of GRI 7930 59°59'18N 45°10'24 W (59°59′18″N 45°10′24″W). Angissoq LORAN-C transmitter had a transmission power of 1000 kilowatts.It used until July 27 1964 a 1350 ft (411.48 metre) tall mast radiator which was built in 1963. On July 27 1964 this tower collapsed as a result of a fatigue failure of an eyebolt head in a compression cone insulator on a structural guy.
 Princeville School also known as Princeville Graded Colored School is a historic schoolhouse in Princeville North Carolina. In 2001 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sta. Lucia East Grand Mall (or simply Sta. Lucia East Mall) is a large shopping mall in the Philippines.The mall is owned by Sta. Lucia Realty & Development Inc and is the largest shopping mall in the Eastern District of Metro Manila. The mall is situated along Marcos Highway cor. Felix Avenue (formerly Imelda Avenue) located at the boundaries between barangay San Isidro in Cainta Rizal and Barangay San Roque in Marikina City. The mall has 2 buildings near Robinsons Place Metro East Sta.
 Rivington Place is a purpose built international visual arts centre in Shoreditch London.
 The Co-cathedral of St. Joseph of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn located at 856 Pacific Street between Vanderbilt and Underhill Avenues in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City was built in 1912 in the Spanish Colonial style replacing a previous church built in 1861.
 The Great Mall of the Bay Area (often simply called The Great Mall) is a large indoor outlet shopping mall in Milpitas California built by Ford Motor Land Development and Petrie Dierman Kughn in 1994 then acquired by Mills Corporation in 2003 and is now owned by the Simon Property Group since April 2007. It contains approximately 1.4 million square feet of gross leaseable area.
 Manarom Hospital is Thailand’s private hospital for mental and behavioral healthcare. Manarom Hospital provides comprehensive mental health services to patients of all ages from children adults to elderly [1].The word Manarom is pronounced as ‘ma-na-rhom’ and means Happy Mind
 The houses at 208–218 East 78th Street in Manhattan New York United States are a group of six attached brick rowhouses built during the early 1860s.
 St. Joseph's is the oldest Catholic church in Salem Oregon and currently serves some 3500 families and conducts services in English Spanish and Vietnamese. The parish school staff has been recognized for excellence in education as recently as 2005.
 The Église Saint-Pothin (English: Church of Saint Pothinus) is one of the religious buildings of Lyon on the left bank of the Rhône in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon on the Place Edgar Quinet. By order of 2 May 2007 the whole church was included in the supplementary inventory of monuments historiques.
 Mary M. Lyon House also known as Mary Lyon Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Mary Mason Lyon who was the founder of Mount Holyoke College. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style.
 St. Peter Catholic Church was a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland. The church was located on West Main Street in Norwalk Ohio in the United States. The church is no longer in existence. However its cemetery still remains. A chapel currently owned by St. Paul Catholic Church in Norwalk Ohio is on the site.
 The Governor L. G. Hardman House in Commerce Georgia was built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.vIt was designed by architect Leroy C. Hart in Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Mediterranean Revival architecture.The 5-acre (2.0 ha) listing included two contributing buildings.
 Timber Neck Farm formerly known as Laurel Grove is a farm complex and national historic district in Faulkner Charles County Maryland United States. The main house is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame structure with a large double chimney.The Timber Neck Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Interlaken Resort District is located near Twin Lakes Colorado and was one of the most scenic and most popular resort areas in the mountains of Colorado. Located across from the town of Twin Lakes it began operations in 1879 as a small and unpretentious hotel called the Lakeside Resort on the smaller of the two lakes at the foot of Mt. Elbert. In the 1950s the Twin Lakes were enlarged and Interlaken was cut off from the town and only accessible by boat. The hotel closed shortly afterward.
 The Masonic Temple Building in Marshall Michigan is a building from 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.Today it houses Dance Dynamics and Engelter Photography.
 The Julius Boesel House is a historic house near the village of New Bremen in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located in German Township in southwestern Auglaize County it is a well-preserved Queen Anne mansion.Said to be designed by J.A. Chapin of Lima the design of the house is based heavily on Design No. 53 from George Franklin Barber's Cottage Souvenir #2. The house was built for Julius Boesel a leading member of New Bremen society.
 Pulaski Library also known as Hudson Branch Library is a historic library building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1931 and is a tall one story building with a full basement and small second story office over the rear entrance foyer. The front entrance portico is flanked by round Doric columns decorated with bosses on the column necks. It was the second permanent library constructed by the City of Rochester.
 Samaritan Pacific Communities Hospital is a 48-bed acute care medical facility located in Newport Oregon United States. Services include a level IV trauma center.The hospital was built in 1952 as a 17-bed acute care facility. Since then it has been remodeled and expanded to meet the growing needs of the community.
 Robert Akins House also known as the Honey House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a Federal style house built about 1827. It is a two story gthree bay side entrance gable roofed brick structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Yellow Sulphur Springs is a historic resort complex located near Christiansburg Montgomery County Virginia. The complex includes the main building; proprietor's cottage (1870s); three rows of cottages formerly denominated the Petersburg Memphis and Spring Hill rows; a carriage house; and the site of a man-made lake and 19th century bowling alley. The original section of the main building was built about 1810 and expanded in 1840.
 Triangle Town Center is a shopping mall in Raleigh North Carolina. It is located in North Raleigh off U.S. Highway 1 (Capital Boulevard) and Interstate 540. The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties Inc.
 The Genesee County Courthouse Historic District is located at the junction of Main West Main and Ellicott streets (New York state routes 5 33 and 63) in downtown Batavia New York United States. It is a small area with the county courthouse a war memorial and other government buildings dating from the 1840s to the 1920s.
 The Marsh-Place Building at 627 Sycamore St. in Waterloo Iowa was built in 1910. It is a work of architects Hallett & Rawson. It has also been known as Marsh-Place. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Buckland Anglo-Saxon cemetery was a place of burial. It is located on Long Hill in the town of Dover in Kent South East England. Belonging to the Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.Buckland was an inhumation-only cemetery with no evidence of cremation. The cemetery was on a false crest on the hill having wide views of the surrounding landscape.
 Central Office Building is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. It is on the same block as the American Commercial and Savings Bank Henry Berg Building and 202 W. Third Street all of which are on the NRHP.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Sărmășag Romania completed in 1806.
 The C. W. Snow and Company Warehouse was built in 1913. It was designed by Archimedes Russell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It was listed for its Modern Movement architecture.The building was renovated extensively in recent years. Windows that had been bricked in were restored and much more.
 The Sacred Heart Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Rochester New York USA. The recently renovated Cathedral is Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rochester and seat of the diocesan bishop as well as home to a parish community. The present parish is known as the Cathedral Community at The Sacred Heart Cathedral.
 St. Andrews Bungalow Court is a grouping of bungalows built in 1919 in the Colonial Revival style in Hollywood California. Based on the structures' well-preserved multi-family courtyard architecture the grouping was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Drayton House is a country house 1 mile (1.6 km) south-west of the village of Lowick Northamptonshire England.
 Francestown Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Rte. 136 in Francestown New Hampshire.It was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Hollywood Cemetery is a large sprawling cemetery located at 412 South Cherry Street in Richmond Virginia. Characterized by rolling hills and winding paths overlooking the James River it is the resting place of two United States Presidents James Monroe and John Tyler as well as the only Confederate States President Jefferson Davis. It is also the resting place of 25 Confederate generals more than any other cemetery in the country; these include George Pickett and J.E.B. Stuart.
 The Jacob Kamm House also called the Jacob Kamm Mansion is a French Second Empire style mansion in Portland Oregon built in 1871. It was moved from its original Goose Hollow location in 1950 to make room for Lincoln High School's campus.
 Danmarks Traktormuseum (Denmark's Tractor Museum; formerly Lolland-Falster Tractor and Engine Museum) is located in Eskilstrup on the Danish island of Falster. The tractor and motor museum is housed in a brick warehouse dating from 1918. It contains tractors and engines built between 1880-1960 by Bukh Ferguson Fiat Ford and Volvo.
 Vejthani International Hospital is a private hospital in Bangkok Thailand. It was established in 1994. Every year it treats over 300000 patients from over 40 countries.
 The Brighton Friends Meeting House is a Friends meeting house (Quaker place of worship) in the centre of Brighton part of the city of Brighton and Hove in East Sussex England. The building which dates from 1805 replaced an earlier meeting house of 1690 what was then a small fishing village on the Sussex coast.
 Henderson Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African-American church on Church Street in Rutledge Tennessee.The church building was constructed in 1890. It is a frame building with a gable entrance a vernacular design that is commonly seen in rural African-American churches built in the twentieth century.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Museum of Discovery and Science is a museum located in Fort Lauderdale Florida. It is one of the largest museums of its kind in Florida and has the most visitors of any museum in the state. The museum features its own AutoNation IMAX theater and shows 3-D IMAX films in which viewers wear special glasses and headsets. The museum also features a number of ecoscapes as well as a simulated ride to Mars and a MaxFlight airplane simulator.
 The Lorado Taft Midway Studios consist of a converted and relocated barn that became the art studio of Lorado Taft one of the early 20th century's most important sculptors. It sits in the Woodlawn community area of Chicago Illinois and is owned by the University of Chicago.In 1906 Taft moved his main studio from the Chicago Loop to a brick barn near the Midway Plaisance. Later he connected a pair of frame barns to the main building to serve as male and female dormitories.
 The James Johnston House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that dates from c.1840 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Grand Arena is located south of Bucharest in Berceni district at the crossroad between Turnu Măgurele Street Metalurgiei Boulevard and Gilăului Road in the proximity of a large do-it-yourself store and cash and carry.Grand Arena Shopping Mall is anchored by Carrefour Hypermarket and it is served by an underground parking lot with approximately 2000 car places.
 Methodist Episcopal Church of Windham Centre also known as Windham-Hensonville United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church on New York State Route 23 in Windham Greene County New York. The property includes the church parsonage and garage. The church was built in 1844 and is a one story wood frame structure in the Greek Revival style. It features a square two stage tower.
 The Baitul Hameed Mosque (English: House of the Praiseworthy) is the largest Ahmadiyya Muslim mosque in the Western part of the United States with an area of 19000 square feet (1800 m2) sitting on nearly 5 acres (20000 m2). Initially built in 1989 at a cost of $2.5 million entirely from donations of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community it is located east of Los Angeles in Chino California just inside San Bernardino County.
 LUMINA also known as 201 Folsom Street is a 655-unit residential development project under construction in the Rincon Hill neighborhood of San Francisco. Developed by Tishman Speyer it is located one block to the southwest of its sister project The Infinity.
 Saioku-ji (柴屋寺) is a small Buddhist temple in Suruga-ku Shizuoka Japan. It was founded in 1504 by Imagawa Ujichika on the site of the hermitage of Sōchō (1448-1542) the poetry teacher and advisor to his father Imagawa Yoshitada.
 Bristol Customshouse and Post Office is a historic post office and customshouse in Bristol Rhode Island built in 1858.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and is currently used as office space.
 The Gumbo Limbo Environmental Complex also known as the Gumbo Limbo Nature Center is a nature center owned and operated by the city of Boca Raton Florida located at 1801 N. Ocean Blvd. in that city. It is on land which is part of the beachfront Red Reef Park though Gumbo Limbo doesn't itself directly front on the beach (though it does have Intracoastal Waterway frontage).
 Montfort Hall is a home and registered historic landmark located in the Boylan Heights neighborhood of Raleigh North Carolina. It is one of the few mansions in Raleigh that survived during the American Civil War era. The house was built for William Montfort Boylan in 1858 and is an example of Italianate architecture. The centerpiece of the house's interior is a rotunda supported by four Corinthian columns and lit by a stained glass window located on the roof.
 The Chiesa di San Leonardo in Arcetri is a church in Florence Italy.The church stands among olive groves on the Via San Leonardo a country road on the southern outskirts of Florence next to Villa Spelman seat of the Johns Hopkins University Charles S. Singleton Center for Italian Studies. The church which dates from the 11th century is best known for its beautiful 13th century pulpit formerly in the church of San Pier Scheraggio now part of the Uffizi.
 Branicki Palace (Polish: Pałac Branickich) is a historical edifice in Białystok Poland. It was developed on the site of an earlier building in the first half of the 18th century by Jan Klemens Branicki a wealthy Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth hetman into a residence suitable for a man whose ambition was to become king of Poland.
 The A.C. Gilbert's Discovery Village is an interactive children's museum located in Salem Oregon United States. This hands-on museum was named in honor of American inventor Alfred Carlton Gilbert and displays several of his inventions most notably the Erector Set. In fact the Village is home to the world's largest Erector Set tower at 52 feet.
 Banyan Tree Bintan is a five-star hotel and resort on the northwest coast of Bintan Indonesia. It is located 45 minutes by high-speed ferry from Singapore. The resort operated by Banyan Tree Holdings is noted for its beachfront villas in the traditional Riau Islands style and tropical beaches and surroundings.
 Kea Monastery was a monastery at Kea in Cornwall UK of which little is known. The mysterious land-owning monastery of St Cheus mentioned in Domesday (in Powder) 1085 possibly refers to Kea.--Charles Henderson in Cornish Church Guide 1925 p. 116.Old Kea Church and the nearby village of Kea are said to have been named after the Saint Kea who arrived at Old Kea from Ireland in the 5th century.
 Nakano Sun Plaza (中野サンプラザ Nakano San Puraza) is a hotel in Nakano Tokyo. The hotel includes a concert hall the Nakano Sun Plaza Hall. Built in 1973 this concert hall seats 2222 people.
 Palazzo Eni also Palazzo ENI is a skyscraper in Rome Italy. Has 80 meters and 22 floors. Today it is the third tallest building in the city after Torre Eurosky and Torre Europarco. Lies within EUR. Building is headquarters of Eni Italian multinational oil and gas company.
 The New Zealand Olympic Museum is situated on Queens Wharf Wellington New Zealand. It was established on 23 June 1998 and is run by the New Zealand Olympic Committee. The museum's collection focuses on New Zealand’s involvement in the Olympic Movement and promoting Olympic Values.
 The Wichita City Carnegie Library Building in Wichita Kansas United States is a Carnegie library built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Compton Beauchamp House (sometimes Compton House) is a Grade I listed building in Compton Beauchamp Oxfordshire. The house was originally built in the 16th century but its interior was remodelled and its front rebuilt in the Baroque in around 1710. It was owned by the Fettiplace family and is a Grade I listed building.
 The Harding Theater is a historic movie theater located at 616 Divisadero Street in San Francisco California.
 Thame Abbey was a Cistercian abbey at Thame in the English county of Oxfordshire.Thame Abbey was founded in 1137 by Alexander Bishop of Lincoln. It was dissolved in 1539. Most of the building stone was removed from the site but the Abbot's House remained standing and was turned into a country house by John Williams 1st Baron Williams of Thame. It is currently the home of the singer Robin Gibb.
 McKenzie Windmill is an historic windmill on Tennessee State Route 58 in Georgetown Tennessee.The windmill was built in 1931 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. At the time of its listing it was the only windmill in Meigs County.
 The Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building (also known as Richard Ellis House or the MLC building) is a building located on the corner of Lambton Quay Hunter Street and Featherston Street in Wellington New Zealand.The MLC building was completed in 1940 at a cost of £101494 by W.M. Angus Ltd. for the Australian-based insurance company Mutual Life and Citizens Assurance Company.
 The Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House located at 132 North Oak in Gordon Nebraska is a historic house that was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2003. The listing included a garage older than the house itself as another contributing building.In its NRHP nomination it was deemed significant as a distinctive example of a significant type of construction in Gordon Nebraska namely ...
 Saltsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Saltsburg in Indiana County Pennsylvania. The district includes 118 contributing buildings 1 contributing site 1 contributing structure and 15 contributing objects in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Saltsburg. The district includes notable examples of buildings in the Federal and Late Victorian styles. Most of the buildings were built between the 1830s and 1880s.
 Red Brick School is an historic school in Wiscasset Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in October 1970.
 Elijah's Church (Danish: Elias Kirke) is a Church of Denmark church located on Vesterbros Torv in the heart of the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1908 and designed by Martin Nyrop who has designed Copenhagen City Hall it was the largest church to be built by the Copenhagen Church Foundation.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic cathedral at 222 East Harris Street Savannah Georgia in the United States. It is the Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Savannah.
 Embarcadero West is a 34-story 123.1 m (404 ft) office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The building is part of the Embarcadero Center which is a complex of five office towers and two hotels. The skyscraper which was completed in 1989 is not connected physically to the other buildings.Embarcadero West is owned by Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association (TIAA-CREF) which purchased the building from Boston Properties in December 2005.[citation needed]
 Alderson Historic District is a national historic district located at Alderson Greenbrier County and Monroe County West Virginia. The district encompasses 196 contributing buildings and three contributing sites located in the commercial district and surrounding residential section. They are predominantly 19th and early 20th century frame detached residences and masonry commercial buildings including notable examples of the Federal Greek Revival and Queen Anne styles.
 Bale Grist Mill State Historic Park is a California state park located in Napa County between St. Helena and Calistoga. The park is the site of a water-powered grist mill that was built in 1846. It was once the center of social activity as Napa Valley settlers gathered to have their corn and wheat ground into meal or flour.
 Pleasant Valley Grange Hall is a historic Grange Hall located at Pleasant Valley in Oneida County New York. It was built about 1830 as a farmhouse. It consists of a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed limestone main block with a 1-story service wing. There is also a 1-story gable-roofed frame wing. It has been used as a Grange Hall since 1922.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Château André Ziltener is a château in Chambolle-Musigny Côte-d'Or France. It houses a hotel and a winery.It was the monks of the Cistercian order who made the land in Burgundy arable and who resided here until the French Revolution. They also laid the foundations for viticulture in this world-renowned wine region.In 1709 the château was constructed at the request of the first president of the Burgundian parliament on the foundations of an old Cistercian priory.
 Herron Gymnasium was a registered historic building in Oxford Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places on 1979-11-29. It was demolished in 1984 for parking.
 Victoria Point is a 42 level residential tower located at the corner of Bourke Street and Harbour Esplanade in Docklands a suburb of Melbourne Australia.The site on which Victoria Point sits was originally controlled by the consortium (including Channel 7 and Baulderstone Hornibrook)which developed the Docklands Stadium. The Melbourne based developer RIA Property Group acquired these rights and conceived of and planned the Victoria Point Project engaging Buchan Architects as lead designers.
 Mbuma Mission Hospital is a community hospital in Mbuma which is a remote village within Nkayi District Matabeleland North (province). It is owned and operated by the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland and largely funded by the Dutch 'Mbuma Mission Foundation'. The hospital compound is close to the Shangani river at a height of ca. 1157 meter.
 Dania Hall was a historic gathering place for people of Danish heritage in Racine Wisconsin. Located at 1019 State Street it was built by Society Dania an organization formed in 1867 to aid Danish immigrants in learning language and customs. The structure completed in 1876 featured a large meeting room where there were dinners dances and performances by the Singing Society and Dania Dramatic Club. In the early years the facility also had a Danish school and library.
 St Helen's Church Kneeton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Kneeton.
 The Robert E. Howard Museum is located at the junction of Texas State Highway 36 and Avenue J in Cross Plains in the county of Callahan in the U.S. state of Texas. The museum was the family home of author Robert E. Howard creator of Conan the Barbarian. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Callahan County Texas in 1994.
 The Round Barn Norway Township is an historical round barn located in rural Winnebago County Iowa. It was built in 1920 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987.The building is a true round barn that measures 53 feet (16.2 m) around. It is constructed of clay tile and it features an aerator conical roof and a hay dormer on the south side.
 William and Caroline Schall House is a historic home located at Green Lane Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1835 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay L-shaped stone dwelling with an open two-story porch in the Federal style. A Colonial Revival style portico was added to the front facade about 1925. Also on the property is a contributing stucco covered wash house also built about 1835.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Le Parc Figueroa Alcorta is a residential complex comprising the Alcorta and Cavia towers. The tallest one (Cavia) is 173m (567 ft) tall and the Alcorta tower is 120m (394 ft) tall. The towers were designed by the Lanuzzi studio and are under construction in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires Argentina. The residential complex is the third of its type the Raghsa Group of Buenos Aires is developing in the city after Le Parc Residential Tower (1995) and Le Parc Puerto Madero (2006).
 The Robert Treat Paine Estate known as Stonehurst is a country house set on 109 acres (44 ha) in Waltham Massachusetts. It was designed for philanthropist Robert Treat Paine Jr. in a collaboration between architect Henry Hobson Richardson and landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted. It is located at 100 Robert Treat Paine Drive.
 Eastport Plaza is a shopping mall located in Portland Oregon on SE 82nd Avenue. Construction began on October 20 1959 by the Anderson–Westfall Construction Company. It was one of the biggest construction projects in the Pacific Northwest at the time and cost $5 million. It opened on October 27 1960.It was a dead mall until recently with most of the former stores moving to the new Clackamas Town Center during the 1990s.
 Union Fishermen's Cooperative Packing Company Alderbrook Station on the Columbia River in Astoria Oregon was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. The listing included three contributing buildings and another contributing structure on a 4.5-acre (1.8 ha) area.The Union Fishermen's Cooperative Packing Company dates from 1896.
 Eastridge Center is a 1.4 million square foot (GLA) shopping mall in eastern San Jose California owned by General Growth Properties. The mall has an enclosed shopping area restaurants and theaters. It is a split level mall with part of the mall being 3 levels and part of it 2 levels. Eastridge Mall is located in San Jose CA in between Tully Road East Capitol Expressway and Quimby Road.
 Flanders Historic District is a historic district in the town of Kent Connecticut that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It includes examples of Greek Revival Colonial and Federal architecture.
 Cnapan also known variously as Cnapan Country House or Cnapan Restaurant and Bed & Breakfast is a Grade II listed hotel and restaurant in Newport Pembrokeshire. It lies along the main road of the town East Street which is part of the A487 road opposite The Golden Lion. It is regularly featured in The Good Hotel Guide and The Good Food Guide.
 The Basilica di San Marino (Marino translates from Latin to man of the sea) is a Catholic church located in the Republic of San Marino. While the country has a distinct domination of historic religious buildings of Christian faith the basilica is the main church of the City of San Marino. It is situated on the Piazza Domus Plebis in the northeastern edge of the city adjacent to the Church of St. Peter.
 The Hôtel van Eetvelde is a town house designed in 1895 by Victor Horta for Edmond van Eetvelde administrator of Congo Free State. Together with the Hôtel Tassel the Hôtel Solvay and his own House and atelier it was put on the 'UNESCO World Heritage List' in 2000 as the core of epoch-making urban residences Victor Horta designed before 1900. It is located at 4 Avenue Palmerston in Brussels.
 Although named a National Historic Landmark in 1976 and commonly known as the Denmark Vesey House the home today located at 56 Bull Street in Charleston South Carolina is almost certainly not the house once inhabited by black abolitionist Denmark Vesey. Vesey's rented home owned first by attorney George Cross and later by white carpenter Benjamin Ireland listed as 20 Bull Street under the city's former numbering system is now evidently gone.
 Dixie Outlet Mall also referred to as Dixie Value Mall is a shopping mall in Mississauga Canada located on the south side of the Queen Elizabeth Way highway. It is Canada's largest enclosed outlet mall.This outlet mall is known for its brand name outlets including Guess Mexx Jacob Tommy Hilfiger Winners Levis Danier and much more.Dixie Outlet Mall is owned by Ivanhoe Cambridge a Canadian firm.
 The Geiser Grand Hotel is a historic hotel in Baker City Oregon that opened in 1889. It received a restoration and reopened in 1993 after closing in 1968. Decorations include mahogany columns up to a high ceiling Victorian-style chandeliers and a stained glass ceiling. It was known as the Queen of the Mines during Gold Rush times and described as being the finest hotel between Portland Oregon and Salt Lake City with the third elevator built west of the Mississippi River.
 Congregation M'Kor Shalom (meaning Source of Peace) is a Reform Jewish synagogue located at 850 Evesham Road in Cherry Hill New Jersey.Founded in 1974 M'Kor Shalom has over 1000 members and is affiliated with the Reform Movement.
 Uwchlan Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located on North Village Avenue (Pennsylvania Route 113) at Lionville in Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1756 and is a 2 1/2-story rubble fieldstone structure with a gable roof. During the winter of 1777-1778 it was used as a hospital by the Continental Army at Valley Forge and staffed by Dr. Bodo Otto (1711–1787).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church of Our Lady of Solace is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 731 Morris Park Avenue at the intersection with Holland Avenue Bronx New York City in the Van Nest neighborhood. The parish was established 1903. The rectory address is 731 Morris Park Ave. Bronx NY 10462. The present church was dedicated in 1929. For many years the Sisters of the Presentation staffed the parish school.
 White Hall was the Kentucky home of Cassius Marcellus Clay. He was an anti-slavery newspaper publisher politician soldier and Minister to Russia through the Lincoln Johnson and Grant administrations. He published True American for nearly 25 years. His daughter Laura Clay was the first woman nominated for President by the Democratic Party.This restored 44-room Italianate mansion was built in 1798-1799 and remodeled in the 1860s.
 Charles Pierce House is a historic home located at Durham in Greene County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story five by two bay central hall double pile plan frame dwelling. It features a full two story porch supported by four two story fluted Ionic columns in the Greek Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 St Lawrence's Church is a Church of England church in the parish of West Wycombe Buckinghamshire England. It sits on top of West Wycombe Hill which is managed by the National Trust although the church and graveyard are owned by the Church of England.There has been a religious focus on this site since at least 635AD. The Grade I listed church was built in its current form from 1761 under instruction from Sir Francis Dashwood 1st Baronet and Baron Le Despenser.
 The Hollywood Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library (MCL) in the Hollywood District of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The building at N.E. 40th Avenue and Tillamook Street opened in 2002 and has three residential stories above the library. The previous building constructed in 1959 at N.E. 39th Avenue and Hancock Street was expected to be sold in 2003 to a private party for its appraised price of $675000.
 Victoria Gate formerly known as Eastgate Quarters and the Harewood and Eastgate Quarters is a £650 million retail development currently under construction in Leeds England which is planned to open in 2015. It is a project development by Hammerson. The first Eastgate masterplan was developed by Terry Farrell's and Outline Planning Permission was obtained in 2007.
 The Royal Exhibition Building is a World Heritage Site-listed building in Melbourne Australia completed in 1880. It is located at 9 Nicholson Street in the Carlton Gardens flanked by Victoria Nicholson Carlton and Rathdowne Streets at the north-eastern edge of the central business district. It was built to host the Melbourne International Exhibition in 1880–1881 and later hosted the opening of the first Parliament of Australia in 1901.
 The Idaho State Capitol located in Boise is the home of the government of the state of Idaho. Lewiston Idaho briefly served as Idaho's capitol from the formation of Idaho Territory in 1863 until an act of the territorial legislature moved the capitol to Boise City on December 24 1864. A few years after Idaho gained statehood the construction on the original capitol building began in the summer of 1906. The architects who developed the building were John E.
 Wianno Club is a historic club on Sea View Avenue in Osterville Massachusetts. In 1916 a nine hole course was built on the original land purchase now occupied by holes numbered 13-18. The 16th was the first hole and the Swan residence behind the hole was built as the original clubhouse. Additional land was assembled on the west side of Parker Road and north of West Bay Road and in 1919 Donald Ross was hired to redesign the original nine and to create a new nine.
 The Orpheum Theater is a theater in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana.Also known as RKO Orpheum it was designed by G. Albert Lansburgh built in 1918 and opened for vaudeville in 1921. The Beaux Arts style building has 1800 seats. Soon after opening it became a movie house. In 1983 the Orpheum was scheduled for demolition but was acquired by the New Orleans Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra and underwent a $3 million renovation.
 The Willows is a historic farm complex located at Cavetown Washington County Maryland United States. The farmhouse is a four bay long two-story Federal brick structure that is painted white. Also on the property are a one-story stone springhouse; a log pig house; a brick necessary; a stone smokehouse; the old house a former slave quarters; and two frame barns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St. Mary's Church (in full the Church of St. Mary the Virgin) Putney is an Anglican church in Putney London sited next to the river Thames beside the southern approach to Putney Bridge. There has been a centre of Christian worship on this site from at least the 13th century and the church is still very active today.
 MUSC Medical Center is a 750-bed academic medical center located in downtown Charleston South Carolina.It was originally established in 1850 as Roper Hospital and was the first teaching hospital in the state.
 Makam Al-Ghufran or Al-Ghufran Royal Mausoleum is a royal mausoleum of Perak located near Ubudiah Mosque at Jalan Istana Kuala Kangsar Malaysia.
 Kampala Tower sometimes referred to as the East African Trade Centre is a proposed building in Kampala the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.
 Clements Café is the name of a chain of coffee houses in Belfast Northern Ireland.The name Clements originated from Pope Clement VIII who was known to consume coffee regularly and oversaw the creation of many coffee houses throughout Rome.
 The Bently Nob Hill is an apartment building situated on the highest point of the Nob Hill San Francisco neighborhood. The deco tower was designed by residential architect William E. Schirmer in 1924; it was inspired by Spanish and Moorish architecture and built in the fashionable Art Deco style of the 1920s.
 St Michael's Church Garston is in Church Road Garston a district of Liverpool England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is located on an industrial site between gas holders and a railway.
 East Liverpool Pottery operated in East Liverpool Ohio from its construction in 1844 until it ceased production in 1939. The site was made up of five buildings and 2 kilns. The company's bottle kilns their shape resembling a bottle were used for the production of pottery ware.The site also known as Goodwin-Baggott-Eagle-Mountford Pottery was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 7 1971.
 St. Paul's Church (German: Paulskirche) is a Swiss Reformed Church in Bern Switzerland built by Swiss architect Karl Moser from 1902 to 1905 in an Art Nouveau style. It a cultural property of national significance in Switzerland and one of the best examples of Art Nouveau in the country. The bell tower is 36 m high and contains 5 bells. The facade of the church features a relief sculpture with a representation of the Apostle Paul with a sword.
 The Oxford University Museum of Natural History sometimes known simply as the Oxford University Museum is a museum displaying many of the University of Oxford's natural history specimens located on Parks Road in Oxford England. It also contains a lecture theatre which is used by the University's chemistry zoology and mathematics departments. The University Museum provides the only access into the adjoining Pitt Rivers Museum.
 The Jesse Edwards House is a historic house in Newberg Oregon United States. Built by Jesse Edwards the Father of Newberg and one of the founders of George Fox University it is the second-oldest residence in the city after the Hoover-Minthorn House. The house was built about 100 feet (30 m) from its current location; it was moved in 1905 to allow for street widening.When Jesse Edwards died his family purchased the home.
 St James' Church Whitehaven is located in Queen Street Whitehaven Cumbria England. It stands in an elevated position overlooking the town. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Cleveland Park is a residential neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington D.C.It is located at 38°56′11″N 77°3′58″W and bounded approximately by Rock Creek Park to the east Wisconsin and Idaho Avenues to the west Klingle and Woodley Roads to the south and Rodman and Tilden Streets to the north.
 The David Baldwin House is located in Midland Park Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983. The house was built in 1838.David Baldwin was an engineer and inventor who patented various machines from the 1830s to 1870s.
 Episcopal Church of the Advent is a historic Episcopal church at 141 Advent Street in Spartanburg South Carolina.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Stolp Woolen Mill Store was built in 1860. It is located on Stolp Island in Aurora Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also a contributing building in the Stolp Island Historic District.
 The J.H.C. Petersen's Sons' Store also known as the Redstone Building is a four-story building in Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and on the National Register of Historic Places. Designed after the Rookery Building in Chicago this building has a brick foundation and is made out of stone. Like the Rookery Building The J.H.C.
 O14 or O-14 is an office skyscraper located in Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is 102 m (335 ft) tall and has 23 floors. The building's floor area is 300000 sq ft (28000 m2). There is a 1 meter space between the facade and the windows which allows hot air to rise and cool air to come in from below. The facade is 40 cm thick and made of an extremely fluid concrete. It has 1000 circular openings of various sizes.
 Colworth House is an 18th-century mansion set in an area of parkland on the edge of the village of Sharnbrook in Bedfordshire. The current house was started 1715 by Mark Antonie a self made man who aspired to become part of the landed gentry. The surrounding site has been occupied since prehistoric times.
 The Elm Street Fire Station is an historic fire station at 58 Elm Street in Gardner Massachusetts. When it was built in 1897 the building had a number of innovative features. It used a distinctive suspension system to support the building's second story without the need for columns using steel rods attached to the load bearing outside walls.
 The Manulife Centre is located on the southeast corner of Bay and Bloor streets adjacent to the southern edge of the Yorkville district of Toronto Ontario Canada. It consists of a 51-storey 800-suite luxury residential tower at 44 Charles Street and a shorter tower at 55 Bloor Street West connected by a retail complex on the main floor and basement.
 The Lloyd Tilghman House is an historic home located in downtown Paducah Kentucky. It is also known as the Tilghman-Woolfolk House and the Lloyd Tilghman House and Civil War Museum.
 Rice's Woods is an archaeological site located at Canajoharie in Montgomery County New York. S. L. Frey the pioneer Mohawk Valley archaeologist believed that the Mohawk village site in Rice's Woods on Big Nose was Canajorha the Middle Castle of the Mohawks after about 1677. Other authorities believe that it was the Lower Castle at this same period.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Ohio Street Methodist Episcopal Church Complex also known as Third Avenue Methodist Church and St. Ann Maronite Catholic Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church at 1921 Third Avenue in Watervliet Albany County New York. It was originally built about 1850 and modified about 1895. The parish house was built about 1880. Both are brick buildings with wood floor and roof framing and stone foundations.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 St Michael's Hospital is a hospital in Bristol. Built in 1974 St Michael's has historically always housed the maternity services covering the south of the city.
 Alfred Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Alfred in Allegany County New York in the United States. The district consists of 55 acres (22 ha) and includes 133 properties (154 contributing elements). Structures in the district date from about 1818 to the 1930s and include a variety of popular American architectural styles. The district is predominantly residential with occasional examples of commercial religious and civic architecture.
 Holiday Inn New Delhi / Mayur Vihar / NOIDA is a hotel in East Delhi India near NOIDA. It opened in 2011 alongside its sister property Crowne Plaza New Delhi / Mayur Vihar / NOIDA. The hotel is part of the InterContinental Hotels Group an international hotel chain hotel founded in 1946. This property is owned by Eros Resorts & Hotels Limited a Delhi based real estate and hospitality group who also own and manage other properties in the area.
 The Alexander Noble House built in 1875 is a Greek Revival farmhouse in Fish Creek Door County Wisconsin on Wisconsin Highway 42. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Alexander Noble one of the founders of Fish Creek was born in Edinburgh Scotland in 1829 and moved to Fish Creek in 1863.
 American Trona Corporation Building is an industrial building at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro California. It was built from 1916-1917 by the American Trona Corporation of California to process and store salt potash from the company's mining facilities at Searles Lake in the Mojave Desert near Trona in eastern San Bernardino County California.
 Steele Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Charlotte North Carolina.It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The Church of Queen of Peace (Croatian: Crkva Kraljice Mira) is a Roman Catholic church in Kričke Croatia.
 Presbyterian Manse is a historic church parsonage at the northeast corner of Alley and Delta Streets in Jefferson Texas.It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register in 1969.
 Sheraton Hotel Newfoundland is a luxury hotel in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.The original Newfoundland Hotel an 8-storey brick structure was opened in 1926 in St. John's. The hotel was owned and operated by the Newfoundland Hotel Facilities Ltd. Ownership of the hotel was transferred to the Canadian National Railway hotel division in 1949 following Confederation.From 1939 to 1949 the 6th floor served as home and studios for Broadcasting Corporation of Newfoundland.
 Carabanchel Prison was constructed by political prisoners after the Spanish Civil War between 1940 and 1944 in the Madrid's neighbourhood of Carabanchel. It was one of the biggest prisons in Europe until its closure in 1998. The structure followed the panopticon model devised by Jeremy Bentham in 1785.
 The Dryden Community Country Club–General Squier Historic Park Complex is a historic district located at 4725 South Mill Road in Dryden Township in southeastern Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on June 6 1977 and was later added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 5 1986.
 Rocester Abbey was a medieval monastic house at Rocester Staffordshire England of which there is now no trace above ground level.The Augustinian abbey of St. Mary Rocester was founded in Dovedale between 1141 and 1146 by Richard Bacon a nephew of Ranulph Earl of Chester. The Earls of Chester were the early patrons of the abbey until the death of the 7th Earl in 1237 after which the earldom was annexed to the Crown who thereby took over the patronage.
 The Denver Art Museum — DAM is an art museum located in the Civic Center of Denver Colorado. The museum is one of the largest art museums between the West Coast and Chicago. It is known for its collection of American Indian art and its other collections of more than 68000 diverse works from across the centuries and world.
 The Harry S Truman Historic District in Independence Missouri is closely associated with US President Harry S. Truman and contains the residence where he lived for most of his time in Missouri as well as the Truman Presidential Library. Wallace House (also called the Truman Home) 219 North Delaware Street Independence Missouri would be the home of Harry S. Truman on-and-off after his marriage to Bess Wallace on June 28 1919 until his death on December 26 1972.
 Unity Baptist Church is a historic church at Sumter and Hart Streets in Kershaw South Carolina.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Art Gallery of Alberta (formerly the Edmonton Art Gallery) is a public art gallery located in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada. Its collection of well over 6000 works of art includes historical and contemporary paintings sculptures installation works and photographs by Canadian and international artists.
 Ellis Memorial Church is affiliated to Church of South India in C.S.I Compound in the Town of Dharapuram (Tamil Nadu) India. It was built in the 19th century by Rev.J.J. Ellis and rebuilt again with the status of a cathedral by the British in 1893. The British version still stands today. It was designed in Neo-Gothic style favoured by British architects in the late 19th century.
 Adath Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 37 Southbourne Avenue in Toronto Canada.It was founded around 1903 by Jewish immigrants from Romania as the First Roumanian Hebrew Congregation Adath Israel (the name was shortened in the 1950s). As of 2006 there are three rabbis at the Adath Israel Congregation Rabbi Steven Saltzman Rabbi David Seed and rabbi emeritus Rabbi Erwin Schild.
 The Children's Museum of Memphis (CMOM) is located in Midtown Memphis at 2525 Central Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA.CMOM’s mission is to create memorable learning experiences through the joy of play in hands-on exhibits and programs. The museum offers interactive and educational exhibits and programs for children and their families. The museum houses over 20 hands-on exhibits.The museum is open seven days a week from 9 am to 5 pm. It is closed on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.
 The SEG Plaza (赛格广场) is a skyscraper located at the junction of Shennan Boulevard and Hua Qiang Bei in Shenzhen Guangdong People's Republic of China. Completed in 2000 it is 356m (1168 ft) high (spire/antenna height). It is the 21st tallest in China and the 72nd tallest in the world. It has an observation floor at the 69th level which offers views over Shenzhen and northern Hong Kong. It is the home of and named after the Shenzhen Electronics Group.
 Capitol City Baptist Church (CCBC) is a baptist church located at 111 West Avenue Quezon City Philippines. It is one of two baptist churches found along West Avenue the other being Faith Baptist Church. In 2009 the church made history as it reached 50 years of existence.
 The Clayton Public Library at 116 Walnut St. in Clayton New Mexico was built in 1939 as a New Deal construction work. It was designed by Willard C. Kruger in Pueblo Revival architecture. It is now known as the D.D. Monroe Civic Building. It has served historically as a library as a meeting hall and as a clubhouse.It was listed as one of the top 10 most endangered historic buildings in New Mexico in 2002.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.The Albert W.
 Laurel Park Place is an enclosed upscale shopping mall located in the city of Livonia a suburb of Detroit Michigan United States. The mall which is managed by CBL & Associates Properties features over 70 restaurants and stores with Carson's and Von Maur as anchor stores. Laurel Park Place includes the Phoenix movie theaters restaurants a food court the attached Livonia Marriott hotel and an office tower.
 Sezincote is a British estate located in Gloucestershire England. It was designed by Samuel Pepys Cockerell in 1805 and is a notable example of Neo-Mughal architecture a 19th-century reinterpretation of 16th and 17th-century Mughal architecture from the Mughal Empire.Sezincote is dominated by its red sandstone colour typical in Mughal architecture but features a copper-covered dome instead of the typical white marble.
 The Locke School is a historic school building at 88 Park Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1899 to a design by Gay & Proctor. Shaped like an H it has a hip roof and Renaissance Revival styling. In 1984 it was converted into condominiums.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Metuchen Borough Hall is the town hall for Metuchen New Jersey located at 500 Main Street. The two-story concrete building with brick facade and lettering Metuchen Municipal Building was built in 2003 and dedicated on September 1 2005.The building replaced an earlier structure that had built during the City Beautiful movement in 1924 and was demolished soon after its listing on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The 1300 Lafayette East Cooperative is a large 336 unit luxury housing cooperative in the Lafayette Park neighborhood of the near-east side of Detroit Michigan. The building is notable for its address 1300 displayed in giant numerals on the North and South sides of the roof which are visible for miles in Detroit and Windsor.
 The Arad Wood House is an historic house at 407 Pontiac Avenue in Cranston Rhode Island.The house was built in 1858 in an Italianate style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St Andrew's Church is in a central position in the village of Sonning close to the River Thames in the English county of Berkshire. It is notable for its fine array of church monuments and for being the successor of an Anglo-Saxon Cathedral.
 Robert Louis Stevenson Branch Library is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Boyle Heights section of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1927 based on a Spanish Colonial Revival design by architect George L. Lindsay.In 1987 the Stevenson Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission.
 RioCan Centre Kingston is a 753984 sq ft (70047.4 m2) regional big box shopping centre at the corner of Gardiners Rd. and Taylor-Kidd Blvd located in Kingston Ontario. Construction began in November 1998 with The Home Depot and continued until the completion of phase one in 2003. In Spring 2005 RioCan acquired the former Nortel land next to the centre and finished construction of phase 2 in summer 2007.
 Mellettown United Methodist Church is a historic church at 274 Mallett Town Road in Mallet Town Arkansas.It was built in 1947 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Garretson Forge and Farm is a farm owned by the Garretson Family since 1719. Located in Fair Lawn Bergen County New Jersey United States it is one of the oldest historic sites in the county. The Peter Garretson House (also known as Garretson-Brocker Home) was built in 1720 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 19 1974.
 Tank House also known as Tank Cooperative is an 1897 Queen Anne living and dining cooperative owned and maintained by Oberlin College. Originally the Tank Home for Missionary Children the house underwent a series of renovations before becoming the co-op it is today. In 1962 it became the property of Oberlin Student Cooperative Association the second largest student cooperative in the United States.
 Pearl City Mansion is a 34-storey 109 m (358 ft) skyscraper at 22-36 Paterson Street in Hong Kong. When completed in 1971 it was the tallest building in the city.
 Fosteau Castle (French: Château du Fosteau) is a castle in Leers-et-Fosteau in the municipality of Thuin province of Hainaut in Belgium.
 Wellesley Hills Branch Library is a historic library at 210 Washington Street in Wellesley Massachusetts.The library was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Warwick Hospital is situated on Lakin Road in the northwest of Warwick Warwickshire England. It has 350 beds and provides inpatient outpatient and diagnostic services. Warwick Hospital and Stratford Hospital comprise the service providers of the South Warwickshire NHS Foundation Trust which employs over 2200 people and serves a population of about 270000.
 The City and County Building also known as the City-County Building at 19th St. and Carey Ave. in Cheyenne Wyoming was built during 1917-1919. It was designed by architect William Dubois in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Coit Tower also known as the Lillian Coit Memorial Tower is a 210-foot (64 m) tower in the Telegraph Hill neighborhood of San Francisco California. The tower in the city's Pioneer Park was built in 1933 using Lillie Hitchcock Coit's bequest to beautify the city of San Francisco; at her death in 1929 Coit left one-third of her estate to the city for civic beautification. The tower was proposed in 1931 as an appropriate use of Coit's gift.
 The Holy Trinity Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Երրորդություն եկեղեցի) is an Armenian Apostolic church in Fresno California. It was built in 1914 being the first one built in the style of traditional Armenian church architecture in the United States. The church has served as a focal point for Fresno's Armenian community since 1914.Holy Trinity is the oldest Armenian church in the Western United States and the oldest standing Armenian church in the country.
 Serralves is a cultural institution located in Porto Portugal and one of the most important of all the country. It includes a Contemporary Art Museum a Park and a Villa each one an example of contemporary architecture Modernism and Art Deco architecture. The Museum designed by Álvaro Siza Vieira is now the most visited museum in Portugal (more than 300000 visitors per year) and one of most relevant in the contemporary art circuit in Europe.
 The Bell Museum of Natural History is a museum located in Minneapolis Minnesota on the campus of the University of Minnesota. On display are numerous animal specimens from all over the world. The museum is currently planning a move to the University of Minnesota St. Paul campus.
 The Larimore City Hall is a building in Larimore North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It may be described as a two-and-a-half story rectangular structure of red-painted buff brick which rises to a hipped roof.It was built in 1890 and five years later was also dubbed the Larimore Opera House as it had by then housed multiple concerts and stage events.It was designed by Grand Forks architect John W. Ross the first licensed architect in the area.
 Old Statehouse is a historic state capitol building located on The Green at Dover Kent County Delaware. It was built between 1787 and 1792 and is a two-story five bay brick structure in a Middle Georgian style. The front facade features a fanlight over the center door and above it a Palladian window at the center of the second floor. It has a shingled hipped roof topped with an octagonal cupola. A number of attached wings were added between 1836 and 1926.
 McCallum Manor is a historic apartment building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located next to Malvern Hall. It was built in 1925 and is a nine-story H-shaped reinforced concrete building faced in brick in a Federal Revival-style. It features terra cotta decorative elements.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Kirklandside is a small hospital in the village of Hurlford a few miles out of Kilmarnock Scotland.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art Vigo (Spanish: Museo de Arte Contemporánea de Vigo abbreviated MARCO) is an art museum in Vigo Spain. It displays changing exhibitions of contemporary art but has no permanent collection.The building dates from the 19th century originally having been built as a public prison. Following a request for a new prison the Ministry allowed the construction of the building on May 16 1861. This project was carried out by the architect José María Ortiz y Sánchez.
 The Greendale Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located near the intersection of Interstates 290 and 190 in Worcester Massachusetts. The complex has traditionally had two anchor stores located at the northern and southern entrances. An expansion in the late-1990s added a third anchor store near the mall's center entrance. Best Buy TJ Maxx and Big Lots occupy the anchor positions. Lechmere used to have a store in the space now partially occupied by Best Buy but closed in 1997.
 The Napier Museum is an art and natural history museum situated in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) the capital city of Kerala India.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at the junction of N. Bedford Rd. and E. Main Street in Mt. Kisco Westchester County New York. It was designed by noted architect Bertram Goodhue in 1907 and built from 1909 to 1913 in the late Gothic Revival style. The church was expanded in 1927-1928. It is a two story building constructed of square cut local granite and schist. It has carved limestone trim and copings.
 S. B. Brodbeck Housing also known as The Brick House is a set of four historic rowhouses located at Codorus Township Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890-1891 and is a three-story plus attic brick building. It has a mansard roof with a fish-scale slate pattern in the Second Empire-style. The row measures 73 feet wide and 29 feet deep. It features a full-length two-story front porch and balcony with an intricate railing and post bracket pattern.
 The Midland Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The Jackson House is a historic house at 125 Jackson Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2 1/2 story timber frame house was built either c. 1768 or c. 1782 and is one of Newton's few surviving 18th century farmhouses. A house is known to have been on the property c. 1768 but the present house use construction methods and styling more common to a later period in the 18th century suggesting a c. 1782 construction date.
 Douglas County Courthouse is a historic courthouse at 1616 Eighth Street in Minden Nevada United States. When the county seat moved to Minden from Genoa in 1916 architects Frederick DeLongchamps and George L.F. O'Brien were hired to design a new courthouse for $700. The building was finished the same year by contractors Friedhoff and Hoeffel for $25000.
 The Tower of the Americas is a 750-foot observation tower/restaurant located at HemisFair Park on the southeastern portion of Downtown San Antonio Texas USA. The tower was designed by San Antonio architect O'Neil Ford and was built as the theme structure of the 1968 World's Fair HemisFair '68. The Tower was the tallest observation tower in the United States from 1968 until 1996 when the Las Vegas Stratosphere Tower was completed.
 Asbury United Methodist Church originally Highland Park Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church on Bailey Avenue in Chattanooga Tennessee.The congregation was organized in 1889 as the Highland Park Methodist Episcopal Church. The congregation soon moved into a new frame church that it used for about 20 years before completing the current building. The current church building is a brick structure in a Gothic design created by architect Reuben Harrison Hunt.
 Bigelow Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church west of the junction of Volman and Emma Streets in Bigelow Arkansas.It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 The Elmendorf Reformed Church formerly known as the Elmendorf Chapel is a historic Reformed Church in America (RCA) church located at 171 East 121st Street between Sylvan Court and Third Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was founded as a parish house and Sunday school for the First Collegiate Church of Harlem which had its beginnings in 1660 as the Harlem Reformed Dutch Church the first house of worship in Harlem.
 The Carlyle is a 469-ft (143 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota located at 100 Third Avenue South. Completed in 2007 The Carlyle has 41 floors and 249 units. It is the 12th-tallest building in Minneapolis and the tallest residential building in Minnesota.It was designed by Dallas architecture firm Humphreys & Partners Architects.
 Ryūsenji (瀧泉寺) also known as Meguro Fudō (目黒不動 Black-eyed Fudō) is a Tendai Buddhist temple in Meguro Tokyo Japan.The name of the surrounding district of Meguro derives its name from Ryūsenji's black-eyed statue of Meguro Fudō (Black-eyed Fudō-myōō one of five protective Fudō-myōō statues placed at strategic points on the outskirts of Edo the new capital of the Tokugawa shogunate in the early seventeenth century by the abbot Tenkai advisor to Tokugawa Ieyasu.
 The George B. Horton and Amanda Bradish Farmstead is a privately owned farmhouse that sits on 40 acres (16 ha) of land at 4650 West Horton Road in rural Fairfield Township in Lenawee County Michigan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 1 2007. There are several other buildings on the property but the main farmhouse was built in 1888 in Queen Anne Style.
 The Iowa State Capitol seat of the Iowa General Assembly is located in Iowa's capital city Des Moines and houses the Iowa Senate Iowa House of Representatives the Office of the Governor and the Offices of the Attorney General Auditor Treasurer and Secretary of State. The building also includes a chamber for the Iowa Supreme Court although court activities usually take place in the neighboring Iowa Supreme Court building.
 The Capitol Park Historic District is a historic district located in downtown Detroit Michigan. It is roughly bounded by Grand River Woodward and Michigan Avenues and Washington Boulevard. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Church of the Gesù (Italian: Chiesa del Gesù; Italian pronunciation: [ˈkjɛːza del dʒeˈzu]) is the mother church of the Society of Jesus a Roman Catholic religious order also known as the Jesuits. Officially named Chiesa del Santissimo Nome di Gesù all'Argentina (English: Church of the Most Holy Name of Jesus at the Argentina) its facade is the first truly baroque façade introducing the baroque style into architecture.
 The Lars Petterson-Fred Gurney Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 2 Harlow Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1910 by Lars Petterson a local builder who developed a number of other properties in Worcester. It has Colonial Revival styling including a recessed porch in the third floor under the gambrel roof with first and second-floor porches below supported by square columns.
 The Sayre and Fisher Reading Room in Sayreville Middlesex County New Jersey United States was constructed in 1883 for recreational use and for showcasing the Sayre and Fisher Brick Company ornamental products. Also known as Sayreville Hall it was listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It served as the town's unofficial library.Sayre and Fisher Brick Company was established around 1850 by Joseph R.
 The Block Realty-Baker House at 1900 Beechwood in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1940. It was designed in Colonial Revival style by architect John Parks Almand. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing object.
 St Andrew's Church Covehithe is a partly redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Covehithe in the English county of Suffolk. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Part of the church is in ruins and this is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on a lane leading directly towards the sea in an area of coast which has suffered significant ongoing erosion. The parish of Covehithe has been combined with neighbouring Benacre.
 The Goodwood Park Hotel (Chinese: 良木园酒店) is a heritage hotel in Singapore situated in a 6-hectare landscaped garden on Scotts Road.The hotel was the first in Singapore to have a swimming-pool on the premises and an air-conditioned wine cellar.
 The Mei-hwa Spinning Top Museum (Chinese: 美華國小陀螺展示館; pinyin: Měihuá Guóxiǎo Tuóluó Zhǎnshìguǎn) is a museum about spinning tops in Dasi Township Taoyuan County Taiwan. The museum is located at the Meihua Elementary School.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Angels is a Catholic cathedral located in Gary Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Gary.
 The Crest is a historic house on Eatons Neck in Suffolk County New York. Although on the land mass of Eatons Neck the house today is within the jurisdiction of the Incorporated Village of Asharoken. According to the National Register of Historic Places on which the house is listed it has also been known as Hasbrouk-DeLamater House and as Robinson House.
 American Poetry Center was founded in 1983 to bring the Spoken Word to a wide range of audiences. All programs were created developed and implemented by Margaret Chew Barringer under the auspices of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts. For its first decade Jerome J. Shestack Esq. chaired the non-profit organization.
 The Texas School Book Depository (now the Dallas County Administration Building) is the former name of a seven-floor building facing Dealey Plaza in Dallas Texas (U.S.). Located on the northwest corner of Elm and North Houston Streets at the western end of downtown Dallas its address is 411 Elm Street. The building is notable for its connection to the assassination of John F. Kennedy. An employee Lee Harvey Oswald shot the president from a sixth floor window on the southeast corner.
 St John's is a grade II listed building in the town centre of Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is located in the historic Glendower Street neighbourhood within the medieval town walls.The eight bedroom home is most remarkable for the rear of the property which features a Coalbrookdale verandah and formal walled garden that have been separately grade II listed with the Cadw/ICOMOS Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in Wales.
 Brick Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Perry Wyoming County New York. The Gothic Revival style church was built in 1909 of randome ashlar Pennsylvania limestone. It consists of a central octagonal structure housing the sanctuary surrounded by wings that give the structure a cruciform appearance. It features a massive square crenellated bell tower.
 The Averoff Gallery also known as the Averof Art Gallery of Metsovo is an art museum in Metsovo Greece. It was built in 1985 and inaugurated in 1988. In 1994 the building was extended to include a new wing and its faciliteies were updated. Its initial collection consisted of 200 paintings and sculptures of Greek artists of the 19th and 20th century which are still part its permanent exhibition. After the museum's expansion the collection was significantly augmented.
 Château d'Eymet is a château in Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 The Old City is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located at the northeast corner of the city's downtown area. Originally part of a raucous and vice-ridden section of town known as The Bowery the Old City has since been revitalized through extensive redevelopment efforts carried out during the 1980s and 1990s. Presently the Old City is an offbeat urban neighborhood home to several unique restaurants bars clubs and shops.
 Bhavani Mandap is a historical building situated in the walled city center of Kolhapur in southern Maharashtra India. It is located near the famous and mammoth Mahalaxmi Temple on the west.
 Borstal Institution & Juvenile Jail Bahawalpur is the Old Central Jail situated near Fareed Gate in Bahawalpur Pakistan.
 The Barnum House was built between 1817 and 1819 by Eliakim Barnum a United Empire Loyalist originally from Vermont. The house which stands just outside of Grafton Ontario in Alnwick/Haldimand Township is the earliest example of Neoclassical architecture in Canada. Barnum House was the first house museum to open in Ontario restored and operated by the Architectural Conservancy of Ontario in 1940.
 Snyder House is a Colonial Revival house in Kalispell Montana built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Steinle Turret Machine Company is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Temple Court Building and Annex at 5 Beekman Street (corner of Nassau street) New York City is a red-brick and terra cotta office building in the Queen Anne neo-Grec and Renaissance Revival styles. The original structure was begun in 1881 and finished in 1883 with an attached annex constructed in 1889–1890. It was commissioned and originally owned by Eugene Kelly (1808–1894) an Irish immigrant who achieved wealth as a drygoods retailer and banker.
 York Castle Museum is a museum located in York North Yorkshire England on the site of York Castle originally built by William the Conqueror in 1068. The museum itself was founded by Dr John L. Kirk in 1938 and is housed in prison buildings which were built on the site of the castle in the 18th century the Debtors Prison (built in 1701-05 using stone from the ruins of the castle) and the Female Prison (built 1780-1785).
 The RCMP Heritage Centre (French: Le Centre du patrimoine de la GRC) is a museum located in Regina Saskatchewan Canada. It is owned and operated by an independent nonprofit organization called the Mounted Police Heritage Centre and receives no funding from any level of government. The Centre showcases a number of exhibits featuring the collection of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and these artifacts remain property of the RCMP.
 The Borden Institute was located in Borden Indiana. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 but removed in 1986. William W. Borden established the school in 1884 to serve the children of local farmers. The education was a creative institution of unusual distinction in the way it prepared its students to teach and to conduct scientific laboratory studies.
 South Louisiana Correctional Facility (also known as the Basile Detention Center) is a privately owned and operated prison facility located on the eastern edge of Basile in Acadia Parish Louisiana. The facility was opened in 1993 by the private prison company LCS Corrections Services. It has 1048 beds. Housing both male and female inmates at a mix of minimum medium and maximum security LCS contracts with the federal U.S.
 The Civil War Soldiers Museum is located at 108 South Palafox Place Pensacola Florida. It houses U.S. Civil War artifacts.
 The Odd Fellows Block located at 23-25 S 4th st and 324 Kittson Ave in the Downtown Grand Forks Historic District of Grand Forks North Dakota is a historic building built in 1888 as a home for the Odd Fellows meeting hall which was situated on the third floor. The hall was fitted with a large and well-appointed lodge room a banquet hall and numerous smaller rooms.
 Central Saint Giles is a mixed-use development in central London. Built at a cost of £450 million and completed in May 2010 it was designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano and is his first work in the UK. The development consists of two buildings of up to 15 storeys in height arranged around a public courtyard lined with shops and restaurants. It is chiefly notable for its façades covered with 134000 glazed tiles in vivid shades of green orange lime and yellow.
 St. Paul's Cathedral located in Yakima Washington United States is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Yakima.
 The Valentin Blatz Brewing Company was an American brewery based in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It produced Blatz Beer from 1851 until 1959 when the label was sold to Pabst Brewing Company.Blatz beer is currently produced by the Miller Brewing Company of Milwaukee under contract for Pabst Brewing Company.
 Limketkai Luxe Hotel (Chinese:林堅尼地城啟酒店和度假村) is a hotel and resort complex located in Limketkai Center Cagayan de Oro Philippines. The construction of the first tower was completed in the last quarter of 2013 at the cost of 1.9 billion pesos. while the south end is still undergoing construction. The hotel has been operational since 1st quarter of 2014. The development is owned and jointly developed by Limketkai Sons Inc. Cagayan de Oro's largest company.
 Egglinton Hall is a historic home located in Milford Sussex County Delaware. The house was constructed by Henry Egglinton circa 1790 and is noted for its Greek Revival features particularly the two-story porch added in 1828. Reverend Truston P. McColley a significant figure in Sussex County history lived in the house from 1828 until 1876.
 Citizens and Southern National Bank of South Carolina is a building on 50 Broad St. Charleston South Carolina. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Grace and Holy Trinity Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral in the Quality Hill neighborhood of downtown Kansas City Missouri United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of West Missouri.
 Angelo Brocato's Italian Ice Cream Parlor (often called Brocato's) is a family-owned ice cream parlor located in the Mid-City neighborhood of New Orleans Louisiana. Founded in 1905 it is regarded as a New Orleans institution. Severely damaged by flooding after Hurricane Katrina its 2006 reopening was reported as a significant advance in the rebuilding of the Mid-City area.
 The Batavia Club building built originally as the Bank of Genesee is located on the corner of East Main (New York state routes 5 and 33) and Bank streets in Batavia New York United States.
 The Jefferson County Courthouse in Fairfield Iowa United States was built from 1890 to 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The F Street Bridge in Salida Colorado is a closed spandrel concrete arch bridge built in 1907 by the Pueblo Bridge Company. The design also known as a Luten Arch was patented in 1907 by Daniel Luten. The bridge with 2 spans and a total length of 60 feet (18 m) is believed to be the first bridge of this type built by the company.
 The Reform Club is a private members club on the south side of Pall Mall in central London. Originally for men only it changed to include the admission of women in 1981. The club enjoys extensive reciprocity with clubs around the world and attracts significant numbers of foreign members including diplomats.
 Valley View Christian Church is a non-denominational Christian church located in Dallas Texas. It is an evangelical church associated with the Restoration Movement. Its core beliefs are centered in the authority of the Bible.Valley View was established November 8 1964. The mission of the church is to make disciples of all people and help them to become more like Christ. The church's leadership is defined as led by elders (1 Tim. 3) and the day to day operations are managed by the staff.
 Makravank (Armenian: Մաքրավանք) is an Armenian church-complex located in the village of Makravan near Hrazdan in the Kotayk Province Armenia.The monastic complex includes a half-ruined 11th-century chapel.The 13th-century church dedicated to Surb Astvatsatsin (Holy Mother of God) has a circular tambour and a conical cupola.The complex also includes the lower walls of the gavit and a medieval cemetery.
 Chatham Arch is a neighborhood located immediately east of Downtown Indianapolis Indiana USA. This neighborhood is one of the oldest in Indianapolis dating back to the mid 19th century. Chatham Arch contains many of Indianapolis's historic homes.The Chatham-Arch Historic District is a 54.5-acre (22.1 ha) historic district in the neighborhood that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The House at 1 Morrison Avenue is one of a few Tudor Revival houses in in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1890 and has a hip roof with a copper crest a central dormer and a larger projecting gable section on the left. The single story porch wraps around two sides of the house and features a high gable over the front stairs which is decorated with bargeboard and half timbers.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Ernest Street Sewage Pumping Station is an historic site at Ernest and Ellis Streets in Providence Rhode Island.The colonial revival site was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Jenney Stockade was a stage station on the Cheyenne-Deadwood route near Newcastle Wyoming. It also served as a headquarters for a military expedition to the Black Hills to survey the area for minerals. The site was first occupied in 1857 when Lieutenant G.K. Warren and geologist Dr. F.V. Hayden set up a small base camp for their expedition.
 Fukui Prefectural Museum of Cultural History (福井県立歴史博物館 Fukui Kenritsu Rekishi Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Fukui Japan dedicated to the history and culture of Fukui Prefecture. The museum opened in 1984 and reopened after refurbishment in 2003.
 300 East Pratt Street is a hotel under construction in Baltimore Maryland. The building was originally expected to rise 640 feet (200 m). Construction of the building was to begin in 2007 and was expected to be completed in 2010.The construction of this building was proposed in 2003 though it was never approved by the state of Maryland. In 2006 the construction of the building was again proposed and finally approved by the state of Maryland.
 The John Hancock Tower officially named Hancock Place and colloquially known as The Hancock is a 60-story 790 ft (240 m) skyscraper in Boston. The tower was designed by Henry N. Cobb of the firm I. M. Pei & Partners and was completed in 1976. In 1977 the American Institute of Architects presented the firm with a National Honor Award for the building and in 2011 conferred on it the Twenty-five Year Award.
 The Hyart Theater was built in Lovell Wyoming by Hyrum Hy Bischoff in 1950. It is a rare Wyoming example of a cinema from the early 1950s. The building is notable for the turquoise-colored metal lattice screen that covers a pink metal facade as well as for its tall neon pylon sign.The Bischoff family was part of a Mormon group sent from Fountain Green Utah to settle in the Big Horn Basin of Wyoming.
 The Odd Fellows Hall also known as Tadmore Light Lodge IOOF No. 6184 is a historic Independent Order of Odd Fellows meeting hall located at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. It was built in 1905 and is a two-story frame structure clad in painted weatherboard siding. It has a standing seam metal gable roof.
 Knipe-Johnson Farm is a historic home and farm located in Upper Gwynedd Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The property includes six contributing buildings. They are the farmhouse (c. 1840) Pennsylvania bank barn (c. 1840) stone springhouse (c. 1790) and three agricultural outbuildings dated to the 1940s. The farmhouse is a two story two bay by two bay stone dwelling with stone and concrete block additions.
 The Marsh Rainbow Arch Bridge is located in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Staats Mill Covered Bridge also known as Tug Fork Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge near Ripley in Jackson County West Virginia United States. Built in 1887 the Staats Mill Covered Bridge originally crossed the Tug Fork of Big Mill Creek and was named for Enoch Staat's water-powered mill.The Staats family were early settlers to the area arriving around 1780.
 The House at 3 Davis Avenue in West Newton Massachusetts is a well-preserved modest Italianate residence. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1853 and has an unusual amount of decorative trim for a modest house. The eaves and gables are studded with brackets and the corners have quoining blocks. The front parlor windows sheltered by a porch also studded with brackets are of extended length.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Nichols-Sterner House is a historic house on Swamp Road in Richmond Massachusetts. It is one only two brick houses in a Federalist-Greek Revival transition in Richmond. It was built in 1820 and occupied for over 100 years by the local Nichols family. In 1925 the house was sold to Flora Lash Sterner wife of artist Albert Sterner. The Sterners used the house as a summer residence until Albert's death in 1946. Mrs.
 Brattleboro Memorial Hospital the Hospital in Brattleboro Vermont.Brattleboro Memorial Hospital is a community hospital which has been serving greater Brattleboro and the tri-state area since 1904. The BMH Medical Staff claims to employ more than 100 board-certified physicians active in both primary care and many specialties.[citation needed]
 Merion Cricket Club is a private club in Haverford Pennsylvania founded in 1865. The current clubhouse is its sixth the last four having been designed by Philadelphia architect Frank Furness and his partner Allen Evans (a Club founder).
 The Arizona Museum of Natural History (originally the Mesa Southwest Museum) is a natural history museum in Mesa Arizona. It exhibits the natural and cultural history of the Southwestern United States.
 Unilever House is a Grade II listed office building in the Neoclassical Art Deco style located on New Bridge Street Victoria Embankment in Blackfriars London. The building has a tall curving frontage which overlooks Blackfriars Bridge on the north bank of the River Thames.The site of Unilever House was previously occupied by Bridewell Palace a residence of Henry VIII which later became a poorhouse and prison.
 Hughes Manor also known as White House Manor located near Middletown Ohio was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It was listed on the NRHP for its architecture. It includes Greek Revival Stick/Eastlake and Queen Anne architecture.The 10.5-acre (4.2 ha) listed area included 5 contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
 The Perry Wiles Grocery Company is a historic commercial building in downtown Zanesville Ohio United States.
 The Marshall Smith House is a historic house at 26 Liberty Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1846-47; it is one of the city's few side-gable Greek Revival houses with a single-story Doric porch spanning the main facade a full entablature and pedimented gable ends. The porch balustrade is a later addition. Marshall Smith the first owner was a chair and harness maker.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Wardell House is located in Shrewsbury Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1764 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1974.
 Jordan Gate Towers is a high class commercial and residential project currently under construction in Amman Jordan. They are located in west Amman close to the 6th Circle. The towers are one of the best known skyscrapers in the city and will become the tallest structures in Amman upon completion thus surpassing the 31-floor Le Royal Hotel.
 Fancy Farm is a historic plantation home located near Bedford Bedford County Virginia. It was built about 1785 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Late Georgian style. It has a metal gable roof and two interior end chimneys. The interior features original woodwork. The house was restored in 1969-1971. Also on the property are a contributing brick storehouse a frame kitchen with a stone chimney and a frame quarters also with a stone chimney.
 John Carner Jr. House is a historic home located at East Greenbush in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built about 1800 and is a two-story five-bay wide two deep heavy timber frame dwelling in the Federal style. It is sheathed in clapboards and is topped by a medium pitched gable roof. It has a two-story rear kitchen wing believed to be an earlier structure incorporated into the newly built house. It was last modified in the 1930s.
 Marsh Concrete Rainbow Arch Bridge is a reinforced concrete through arch bridge over the Little Cottonwood River in Cambria Township Blue Earth County Minnesota. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge no longer carries traffic which has since been shifted to another bridge to the east.The bridge was designed by James Barney Marsh and built in 1911 the same year in which he filed a patent for his rainbow arch design.
 The Natick Mall named the Natick Collection from February 2007 to July 2011 is an upscale shopping mall owned by General Growth Properties. It is located between Routes 9 and 30 in Natick Massachusetts and is adjacent to Shoppers' World in Framingham Massachusetts. The original facility opened in 1965 becoming the first enclosed mall in the Boston metropolitan area.
 The Vienna International Centre (VIC) is the campus and building complex hosting the United Nations Office at Vienna (UNOV; in German: Büro der Vereinten Nationen in Wien). As colloquially also known as UNO City the VIC is only the one part of it. The other one is the Austria Center Vienna (ACV).
 The Chain Bridge Road School is an historic school located at 2820 Chain Bridge Road Northwest Washington D.C. in the Palisades neighborhood.
 The Museo del Aire was a national aviation museum located in the south-western suburbs of Havana Cuba. Until August 2010 the Museum address was: Museo del Aire Avenida 212 entre la avenida 29 y 31 La Coronela La Lisa. In about August 2010 the museum was closed and the entire collection was moved to San Antonio de los Baños Air Base no further details known.
 The Al Kazim Towers is a complex of two 53-floor towers in Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Both towers are to have an equal total structural height of 265 meters (869 ft) and resemble New York City's Chrysler Building. Both towers were topped out in November 2007 and were completed in early 2008.
 The Hotel Thomas also known as Sunkist Villa but currently known as the Thomas Center is an historic building in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located on the block bounded by Northeast 2nd and 5th Streets and Northeast 6th and 7th Avenues.
 Belosselsky-Belozersky Palace (Russian: Дворе́ц Белосе́льских-Белозе́рских; also known before the Revolution as the Palace of the Grand Duchess Elizabeth Fyodorovna the Sergei Palace and the Dmitry Palace) is a Neo-Baroque palace at the intersection of the Fontanka River and Nevsky Prospekt in Saint Petersburg Russia.
 The Brooklyn Historical Society (BHS) founded in 1863 is a museum library and educational center preserving and encouraging the study of Brooklyn's 400-year past.
 The New Harmony Historic District in New Harmony Indiana was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966 with a boundary increase in 2000. The district includes properties within the Historic New Harmony State Historic Site. Twelve buildings from the early 19th century and twenty from the mid-19th century are within the district.
 St. Martin in Idstein Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis is the church of the local Roman Catholic parish. The official name is Katholische Pfarrkirche St. Martin. The parish is part of the Diocese of Limburg. The present building of architect Johannes Krahn was consecrated in 1965.
 Mar Assia al-Hakim Church (Arabic: كنيسة مار آسيا الحكيم‎) is an Syriac Catholic Church in Jdeydeh quarter of Aleppo Syria. The church belongs the Syrian Catholic Prelacy the Diocese of Aleppo. It was completed in 1500 and is active up to now.
 Foster's Mound (22 AD 503) is a Plaquemine culture archaeological site located in Adams County Mississippi northeast of Natchez off US 61. It is the type site for the Foster Phase (1350-1500 CE) of the Natchez Bluffs Plaquemine culture chronology. It was added to the NRHP on September 2 1982 as NRIS number 82003091.
 The Hagel Family Farm is a farm in Hassan Township Minnesota United States. The farm consists of a 120-acre (49 ha) parcel with several farm buildings farm fields woodlands and wetlands. The farmstead has been in the Hagel family for over 150 years. Its current owner John Hagel is a co-founder of the Friends of Minnesota Barns association. John Hagel worked to nominate the farm to the National Register of Historic Places to preserve it as a complete original farmstead.
 The Orient Historic District is a national historic district in Orient in Suffolk County New York United States. The district has 120 contributing buildings and one contributing structure. They were constructed between the late 18th and late 19th century the most common building type being a Cape Cod type a frame dwelling of one and one half stories sheathed in shingles or clapboard. It also includes a number of examples of popular 19th century building styles such as Italianate.
 Elmonte also known as Twilford is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story country house built of random ashlar granite in the Italian villa style and is thought to have been completed in 1858. To the rear of the mansion is a stuccoed carriage house with a two-car garage. East of the house is a large wooden barn with a slate roof and a log smokehouse.
 Berkshire Life Insurance Company Building is a historic commercial building at 5-7 North Street in Pittsfield Massachusetts. It is located in the heart of downtown Pittsfield facing Park Square across North Street.It was built in 1868 to house the headquarters of the Berkshire Life Insurance Company. It was designed by Louis Weisbein a Boston architect who also designed the nearby County Courthouse and House of Correction.
 Eastern State Hospital located in Lexington Kentucky is the second oldest psychiatric hospital in the United States operating today as a psychiatric hospital with 197 beds providing exclusively inpatient care.The facility has been known variously as Fayette Hospital (from 1817 until 1822) Lunatic Asylum (1822-1844) The Kentucky Lunatic Asylum (1844-1849) Lunatic Asylum of Kentucky (1850-1852) The Lunatic Asylum (1850-1852) The Eastern Lunatic Asylum (1852-1855) The Eastern Lunatic Asylum of Kentucky (1855-1858) The Kentucky Eastern Lunatic Asylum (1858-1864) Eastern Lunatic Asylum (1864-1867) The Kentucky Eastern Lunatic Asylum (1867-1873) The First Kentucky Lunatic Asylum (1873-1876) Eastern Kentucky Lunatic Asylum (1876-1894) Eastern Kentucky Asylum for the Insane (1894-1912) and Eastern State Hospital (from 1912 onwards).
 The Château de Grèzes is a ruined 17th century castle in the commune of Grèzes in the Lozère département of France.
 Phillips Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel Sussex County Delaware. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story balloon frame structure on a concrete foundation and with a gable roof. It measures 24 feet by 29 feet and is sheathed in green asbestos shingles over original weatherboards.It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Clattercote Priory was a Gilbertine priory in Oxfordshire England.It was founded for Gilbertine canons to run a hospital in the mid-twelfth century possibly by Robert de Chesney.The hospital ceased before 1262. The priory was refounded 1251-62. It was dissolved in 1538 and granted to Thomas Lee around 1559. The site is now occupied by a private house.
 Restaurant Duurstede is a former restaurant located in Wijk bij Duurstede Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1977-1995.De restaurant was founded in 1974 by head chef Paul Fagel. Fagel was more artist than businessman and went bankrupt. The Dutch Revenue Service seized the restaurant in 1993 and auctioned it off.
 Moberly Correctional Center is a Missouri Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Moberly Randolph County Missouri. According to the official Official Manual State of Missouri the facility has a capacity of 1800 medium- and minimum-security prisoners. The facility opened in January 1963 built from a design by St.
 The St. Charles Odd Fellows Hall in St. Charles Missouri is a Second Empire-styled building that was built in 1878. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It served historically as a clubhouse as an auditorium and as a financial institution.It is included in the St. Charles Historic District and is located across from the BPOE No. 690.
 Holy Trinity Church Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes Isle of Wight.
 The National Museum of Prehistory (NMP; Chinese: 國立臺灣史前文化博物館; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Shǐqiáng Wénhuà Bówùguǎn) is located in Taitung City Taitung County Taiwan.
 The South Florida Railway Museum is a railroad museum located in the Deerfield Beach Seaboard Air Line Railway Station in Deerfield Beach Florida. It is operated by volunteers.
 Hairmyres Hospital is a busy district general hospital in East Kilbride South Lanarkshire Scotland. The hospital serves one of the largest elderly populations in Scotland.
 Sharon Indian School also known as Indian View is a historic school building located at King William King William County Virginia. The original 1919 Sharon School was a one-room vernacular frame structure raised on brick piers. It was built for members of the Mattaponi tribe. The original school is thought to have been razed around 1964. The extant 1952 Sharon School was designed by architect C.W. Huff Jr. in association with architect Edward F. Sinnott (Richmond VA).
 The Museu Nacional de Belas Artes (MNBA Portuguese for National Museum of Fine Arts) is a national art museum located in the city of Rio de Janeiro Brazil. The museum officially established in 1937 by the initiative of education minister Gustavo Capanema was inaugurated in 1938 by president Getúlio Vargas.
 Dill's Tavern also known as Eichelberger's Tavern and Logan House is a historic inn and tavern located at Dillsburg Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It is a large 2 1/2-story L-shaped sandstone building in a vernacular Federal style. It was originally built about 1755 with additions made about 1800 1820 and 1910 and Colonial Revival-style alterations made about 1935.
 The China Art Museum also called the China Art Palace (Chinese: 中华艺术宫; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Yìshù Gōng) is a museum of modern Chinese art located in Pudong Shanghai China. The museum is housed in the former China Pavilion of Expo 2010. With 166000 square metres (1790000 sq ft) of floor space it is the largest art museum in Asia.
 The Grand Mosque of Évry (French: Grande Mosquée d'Évry) is a mosque in Évry Paris France. A cultural center is associated with the building.A process was initiated in the early 1980s to collect funds to build the mosque in Évry. The modest results of this effort led to a search for additional funding from the Persian Gulf states. The Saudi Sheikh Akram Aadja saw that the financing was completed. The first stone was laid in 1984 and construction work began in 1985.
 Saint Peter's University Hospital (SPUH) is a Roman Catholic hospital on Easton Avenue in New Brunswick New Jersey. The hospital is a member of the Saint Peter's Healthcare System Inc. a New Jersey nonprofit corporation sponsored by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen.
 The Charles W. Stockey Centre for the Performing Arts is a performance hall and sports museum in Parry Sound Ontario Canada. It is the primary performance venue for the annual Festival of the Sound summer classical music festival. The centre is named for Charles W. Stockey an early and enthusiastic supporter and board member of the Festival of the Sound. Construction of the CAD$12.4-million centre was started in the spring of 2002 and the official opening took place in July 2003 (2003-July).
 C.J.H. Bassett House is a historic house located at 20 Chestnut Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The house was built in 1851 for Charles Jarvis Hunt Bassett a prominent Taunton attorney and president of the Taunton Bank. The house is a rare example in the city of a Gothic Revival residence.
 Gardiner is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Douglas County Oregon United States across the Umpqua River from Reedsport. It is located on U.S. Route 101. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 248.Gardiner is named for a Boston merchant whose ship the Bostonian shipwrecked at the mouth of the Umpqua on October 1 1850.
 Qasr Kharana (Arabic: قصر خرّانة‎) sometimes Qasr al Harrana Qasr al Kharanah Kharaneh or Hraneh is one of the best-known of the desert castles located in present-day eastern Jordan about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Amman and relatively close to the border with Saudi Arabia. It is believed to have been built sometime before the early 8th century AD based on a graffito in one of its upper rooms despite visible Sassanid influences. A Greek or Byzantine house may have existed on the site.
 AF Hotel is officially the largest hotel in the Caucasus. It is a four-star hotel and aqua park on the Caspian Sea in Novkhani 21 kilometres from the centre of Baku Azerbaijan.The hotel has 300 rooms 40 luxury triple suites and 16 two story cottages. The family entertainment complex features boat racing and a water park. Water slides include Kamikaze Descent from the Cosmos and Phantom.
 Laxmangarh Fort (Hindi: लक्ष्मणगढ़ किला) is a ruined old fort on a hill in the town Laxmangarh of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan. Situated 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Sikar it was built by Rao Raja of Sikar Laxman Singh in 1862 who also founded a village in his own name as Laxmangarh in 1864.The most imposing building in this Laxmangarh town is its small fortress (owned by the Jhunjhunwala Family) which looms over the well laid out township on its west side.
 The Church of St. Michael is the parish church of Yanworth Gloucestershire England. The church is a Grade II* listed building dating from the late-12th and 15th centuries. The church stands isolated from Yanworth village adjacent to Church Farm.
 Otterburn is a Palladian-influenced Greek Revival house near Bedford in Bedford County Virginia. The house was built in 1828 for Benjamin A. and Sally Camm McDonald but burned in 1841 and was reconstructed by 1843. At this time the final form of the house was created with the introduction of a loggia cross-gable roof and Greek Revival detailing.
 Otterburn Hall is a AA four-star fortified English country house and estate now used as a hotel in Otterburn Northumberland. It is situated in 500 acres (200 ha) of deer park and woodland in the Northumberland National Park northeastern England.
 Alton National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Alton in Madison County Illinois. It encompasses only half an acre plot of land and as of the end of 2005 had 522 interments. It is maintained by the Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery in St. Louis Missouri.
 The Church of the Resurrection located at 119 East 74th Street Manhattan New York City is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of New York in the Episcopal Church. The church is Anglo-Catholic in doctrine and style and has an extensive music program. The services are in traditional language and reflect the Anglican and Western Catholic traditions of liturgy and music. The parish is unusual in the Diocese of New York for its conservative stances on the ordination of women.
 The Reformed Church of Beacon originally the Reformed Dutch Church of Fishkill Landing is a congregation of the Reformed Church in America. It claims to be the oldest church in Beacon New York United States. It is located on NY 9D about 0.5 miles (1 km) south of Beacon's municipal complex and downtown area. It overlooks the Hudson River from the top of a bluff.It was designed by Frederick Clarke Withers and built in 1859.
 Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham (or the Union Church and Parsonage) is a historic church at 128-130 Main Road in Tyringham Massachusetts. The property includes a Greek Revival church building built in 1844 and a parsonage house next door. The house was built around the same time as the church as a private residence. Between 1844 and 1907 the church was also used for town meetings.The property was listed on the National Historic Register in 2000.
 Ludlow-Van Rensselaer House is a historic home located at Claverack in Columbia County New York next to the William Henry Ludlow House. It was built about 1784 and is a 2-story five-by-one-bay center entrance brick dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 2-story gable-roofed rear wing. The entry features a finely crafted portico composed of Ionic order columns supporting a wide entabulature and shallow pitched roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Saints Peter and Paul Church (Croatian: Crkva svetih Petra i Pavla) is a Roman Catholic church in Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Townsville Post Office (Former) is a building in Townsville CBD.
 The Sands Ring Homestead Museum is a historic house located on Main Street in the Town of Cornwall in Orange County New York. It has been a Registered Historic Place since 1996.It was built in 1760 by Nathaniel Sands for his son David who had established a store on the site. It was one of the first meeting places of the Cornwall Quakers. Today it is used as museum featuring Colonial-era activities.
 Universal Church of the Kingdom of God (UCKG from Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus [iˈɡɾeʒɐ‿wˌnʲiveʁˈsaw du ˈʁejnu dʒi ˈdews]) is a Pentecostal Christian denomination founded in 1977 in Rio de Janeiro Brazil by Edir Macedo its self-appointed bishop.In 1999 the majority of its members lived in Brazil but it had established temples in the United Kingdom and since 1992 set up temples in Africa and in India gaining millions of members overseas.
 The John Whipple House is a historic colonial house in Ipswich Massachusetts. Built in the seventeenth century the house has been open to the public as a museum since 1899 and was the subject of some of the earliest attempts at the preservation of colonial houses. It has been operated as a house museum since 1899 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960 one of the earliest properties to receive that honor.
 The Royal Liver Building /ˈlaɪvər/ is a Grade I listed building located in Liverpool England. It is sited at the Pier Head and along with the neighbouring Cunard Building and Port of Liverpool Building is one of Liverpool's Three Graces which line the city's waterfront.
 The Robert Simpson Woodward House is a former residence located at 1513 16th Street NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. From 1904 until 1914 it was a home of geologist Robert Simpson Woodward the first president of the Carnegie Institution. The building currently serves as the Capital Research Center headquarters.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 The William Allison House near College Grove Tennessee is a historic Federal style house with a central passage plan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Young Women's Christian Association is a historic YWCA building in Pueblo Colorado.
 Glen Wild Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on Old Glen Wild Road in Glen Wild Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1867 and is a rectangular wood frame building with board and batten siding in a vernacular Gothic Revival style. It features square based tower with belfy and steeple projecting from the front facade. Also on the property is the former church hall built in 1944.
 Oaklands is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original house was built in 1772 and is a two-story three-bay rectangular stone structure. It has a major wing to the east with an addition to that wing. The front of the wing has a two-story front porch with decorative iron supports.
 St Carantoc's Church Crantock is in the village of Crantock Cornwall England. Since 1951 the church has been designated as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Truro the archdeaconry of Cornwall and the deanery of Pydar. Its benefice is combined with that of St Cubert.
 The estate Zonnestraal is a former sanatorium in Hilversum Netherlands. The building was designed by architect Jan Duiker and is an example of the Nieuwe Bouwen. In 1995 the estate was submitted to UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites and it is currently on the tentative list.
 The Bates Battlefield (Arapaho: Kóúwoo'óé' ) was the scene of an 1874 action in which an Arapaho encampment was attacked by U.S. Army forces under Captain Alfred E. Bates. The battlefield is a narrow valley in Hot Springs County Wyoming near the junction of the Big Horn Mountains and the Owl Creek Mountains.
 The Monroe County Courthouse in Albia Iowa United States was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Williamson Field House is a historic field house located in Williamson Memorial Park in Williamson West Virginia. The field house was built in 1950-51 to serve as a recreational center and auditorium for Williamson residents. Architect Lewis Stettler designed the Modernist building which features a hipped dome roof banded concrete brick quoins and pilasters glass block windows and wooden decorations. The field house has 6000 seats and is the largest venue in the surrounding area.
 Dalaborg is a ruined castle in Sweden.
 Wildwood also known as the General Alfred Beckley Home is a historic home located at Beckley Raleigh County West Virginia. The house is open as the Wildwood House Museum and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 St Luke's Church Oseney Crescent Kentish Town was a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Camden Town London under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust until April 15 2011. At that time a pastoral measure was passed naming Revd Jonathan March as the new parish priest. Renovation work by HTB was completed in January 2012 and services have recommenced as of 29 January 2012The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building
 Arlington Ridge Park also known as the Nevius Tract is a historic park property located in Arlington Virginia. The property lies within the boundaries of the George Washington Memorial Parkway. It includes the Marine Corps War Memorial (1954) also known as the Iwo Jima Memorial; and the Netherlands Carillon (1960).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Thammasat University Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลธรรมศาสตร์เฉลิมพระเกียรติ; RTGS: Rong Phayaban Thammasat Chaloem Phra Kiat) is a public hospital subsidiary to the Office of the Rector Thammasat University Ministry of Education. It is located in the Rangsit Campus Pathum Thani Province Thailand.The construction of the hospital complex began in 1986 and King Bhumibol Adulyadej presided over the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the main building on 3 November of that year.
 The Beckering Family Carillon Tower is a 151-foot-tall (46 m) carillon-clock tower located in Grand Rapids Michigan on the Pew Campus of Grand Valley State University. The tower and carillon was funded and built by Pioneer Construction in 2000.
 City House is a building over Leeds railway station that was built as British Railways House in 1962. The buildings were like many other railway buildings in the UK designed by the subsequently disgraced architect John Poulson. Poulson also designed the Leeds International Swimming Pool.
 Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center is a 188-bed medical facility located in Corvallis Oregon United States. The only hospital in the city it is a level II trauma center and serves the Linn Benton and Lincoln County area.The hospital serves as the hub for the operations of Samaritan Health Services. It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Licheń [ˈlixɛɲ] is a Roman Catholic church located in the village of Licheń Stary near Konin in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland. It was designed by Barbara Bielecka and built between 1994 and 2004. The construction was funded by pilgrims' donations. With a tower measuring 141.5 meters in height it is one of the tallest and largest churches in the world.
 The Railway Coastal Museum is a transportation museum located in St. John's Newfoundland.
 The Murray Vocational School is located at 3 Chisolm Street Charleston South Carolina. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.The school was built by the City of Charleston and opened in 1923 as the Murray Vocational School named in honor of philanthropist Andrew Buist Murray. Murray who had grown up in a Charleston orphanage financed the construction of the school as his way of repaying the city.
 Ramazanoğlu Hall is the old government residence of the Ramadanids located in Adana. Currently used as a cultural center it is one of the oldest samples of a mansion in Turkey. Located southeast of the Ulu Camii it was the Harem of the Ramadanid family and besides being a fine expression of modesty of the emirate it is also an important work resembling the Mamluk mansions of Egypt.
 Al Quds Endowment Tower is a multipurpose skyscraper under construction in Doha Qatar. The foundations were laid down in 2009 but construction was halted in Spring 2010.
 The Dr. Herbert S. Nichols House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Château de Rosny-sur-Seine is a château in the Louis XIII style situated in Rosny-sur-Seine in Yvelines on the left bank of the Seine at a short driving distance from Paris by the road to Rouen.It is famous as the seat of Maximilien de Béthune duc de Sully who retired to the old château to heal from his wounds at the battle of Ivry 1590 and constructed the present building on old foundations in the closing years of the 16th century.
 Dana Complex will be a future building complex located in Satu Mare Romania. The structure will have two separate buildings linked together by a skybridge. The smaller 7 story buildings will have 500 parking spaces and offices and the larger 15 story tower of 64 metres (210 ft) will have a mall a commercial area and 127 residential units.
 The Peranakan Museum is a museum in Singapore specialising in Peranakan culture. A sister museum to the Asian Civilizations Museum it is the first of its kind in the world that explore Peranakan cultures in Singapore and other former Straits Settlements in Malacca and Penang and other Peranakan communities in Southeast Asia. It is housed in the Old Tao Nan School building at Armenian Street which served as an extended wing to the artefact collection of Asian Civilisations Museum.
 Webster Rubber Company Plant is an historic site on Greene Street in Sabattus Maine.The plant was built in 1869 and added to the National Historic Register in 1989.
 Villa Philmonte is a large ranch home located outside of Cimarron New Mexico on Philmont Scout Ranch owned of the Boy Scouts of America.
 The Franciscan Church (German: Franziskanerkirche) also known as the Church of St. Jerome is a Roman Catholic parish church dedicated to Saint Jerome and located in the historic city center of Vienna Vienna's 1st district (Innere Stadt). It is the church of the Franciscan Order in Vienna.
 The China Online Centre (Chinese: 中國網絡中心) is a skyscraper located in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong. The tower rises 52 floors and 201 metres (659 ft) in height. The building was completed in 2000. It was designed by architectural firm Rocco Design Limited and was developed by Jaffe Development. The China Online Centre which stands as the 52nd-tallest building in Hong Kong is composed entirely of commercial office space. It has a total floor area of 16000 square metres (170000 sq ft).
 Malibu Hindu Temple (Tamil: மாலிபூ ஹிந்து கோவில்) a temple of the Hindu god Venkateswara built in 1981 is located in the city of Calabasas near Malibu California in the Santa Monica Mountains. It is owned and operated by the Hindu Temple Society of Southern California. Built in the traditional South Indian style it is frequented by followers of Hinduism in Southern California.The priests are situated and live on the grounds of the temple.
 Burton K. Wheeler House in Butte Montana United States was a home of politician Burton K. Wheeler. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976. It is located at 1232 East Second Street in Butte.
 The Warren Rawson House is a historic row house at 37–49 Park Street in Arlington Massachusetts. This utilitarian wood frame rowhouse was built c. 1885-90 by Warren Rawson a leading farmer in Arlington to house farm workers. It is one of only a few such multiunit buildings to survive in the town.The rowhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 New York State Armory  also known as The Arsenal is a historic National Guard armory building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County New York. It is a rectangular two story structure built of ransom ashlar block with central pavilions projecting on its north and south elevations. The main facade features a central pavilion with a tower rising above the roofline and terminating in a corbeled and crenellated parapet.
 The George Washington Carver Museum and Cultural Center is a museum in east Austin Texas housed in the former George Washington Carver Library building.The small wood-frame building was constructed in 1926 on the corner of Ninth and Guadalupe Streets. When it was replaced by a larger stone structure in 1933 the building was moved to the east side of town on Angelina Street to serve the African-American Community.
 Bridges No. L-5853 and 92247 are two side-by-side bridges in Saint Paul Ramsey County Minnesota. They were built in 1904 over the Como-Harriet streetcar line connecting the nearby Twin City Rapid Transit Company station to the line running west to Minneapolis; Bridge No. 92247 carries traffic on Lexington Avenue over the tracks and Bridge No. L-5853 carried pedestrians; the latter is an example of an early reinforced concrete arch bridge using the Melan reinforcing system by the William S.
 St. James the Less Roman Catholic Church also known as St. James and St. John's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Baltimore Maryland United States and was one of the earliest neighborhood parishes established in the central city (1833). It is a High Victorian Gothic influenced brick structure with Romanesque Revival overtones built 1865-67. It has a tall central tower and featured an ornate interior with marble sculpture and murals.
 The Film Center Building is a 13-story office building catering to businesses involved in film theatre music and audio production and exploitation. It is located at 630 Ninth Avenue between 44th and 45th Streets in the Hell's Kitchen or Clinton neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1928-29 and was designed in Art Deco style by Ely Jacques Kahn of the firm of Buchman & Kahn. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Elks Lodge No. 1353 is a historic building located in Casper Wyoming. It was built in 1922 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 HM Prison Ranby is a Category C men's prison located in the village of Ranby in Nottinghamshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. It holds about 1000 male prisoners.
 The Los Robles Gate is a historic site in Tallahassee Florida. It is located at the intersection of Thomasville and Meridian Roads. On September 21 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The historic Los Robles subdivision just east of Lake Ella and adjoining midtown was developed beginning in the 1920s and began a trend of expansion to the north of downtown.
 The Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at 131 W. Emerson Street in Melrose Massachusetts. The main church building was constructed in 1886 to a design by Boston architect Charles Brigham. It is connected to its parish house built in 1936 with a significant addition in 1956. The main building is English Revival (Tudor) in styling. Its walls are made of multiple colors of granite and are topped by a steeply pitched slate roof.
 Sidon's Sea Castle (Arabic: قلعة صيدا البحرية Kalaat Saida al-Bahriya) is one of the most prominent archaeological sites in the Sidon Lebanon.
 The Ebenezer Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Ginger Hill Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Ezra Rice House is a historic house at 1133 W. Boylston Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1833 and 1845 and is a rare local example of transitional Federal and Greek Revival styling. Its front entry is virtually identical to that of the Charles Newton House and is derived from examples published by Asher Benjamin in 1830.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The C. C. Crowell House is a historic house at 85 Benton Road in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Queen Anne Victorian house was built c. 1890; its first documented occupant C. C. Crowell was a printer. The house is laid out in cross gable style on a corner lot with a semicircular porch facing the street corner. The porch is decorated with turned posts jigsaw struts and a carved frieze.
 The Fasken Center is a complex of two 182-foot-tall (55 m) high-rise buildings in the downtown business district of Midland Texas. The first tower was built in 1974 with fourteen floors. In 1982 the second tower was constructed to mirror the first tower. It too has fourteen floors. The Fasken Center is sometimes referred to by locals as the Twin Towers of Midland. Many oil and gas companies are tenants of the buildings as well as Wells Fargo bank.
 Boonsboro Historic District is a national historic district at Boonsboro Washington County Maryland United States. The district includes 562 contributing elements. Its component buildings chronicle the town's development from its founding in 1792 through the mid 20th century. Most of the late 18th and early 19th century development in Boonsboro occurred along Main Street then part of a principal market road between Williamsport Hagerstown Frederick and Baltimore Maryland.
 Letterkenny Regional Cultural Centre is a cultural centre located in Letterkenny County Donegal Ireland. The centre is located behind An Grianán Theatre in the town and is the leading cultural centre in north-west Ireland. It has been described as a cultural beacon by The Irish Times second only to Kilkenny City in terms of cultural beaconess.
 Bridge in Radnor Township No. 2 is a historic brick and concrete arch bridge located at Villanova in Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1905 and is a 75-foot-long (23 m) arch bridge with a single arch with a 10-foot-long (3.0 m) span. It features an ornate parapet cap. It spans the Meadow Brook Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The United States Post Office (also known as the Old Federal Building) at 209 East Portage Avenue in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan is an historic building which has served various purposes since its construction. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 9 1977.The building was constructed in 1909-1910 out of limestone from a Bedford Indiana quarry.
 Oakey Streak Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist church in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Shaw Tower located at 1067 W. Cordova St in Downtown Vancouver's Coal Harbour is home to Shaw Communications' headquarters for Lower Mainland Operations and credited to local architect James K. M. Cheng.The building stands at 489 feet (149 m) or 41 stories and was completed in 2004. It is currently the third tallest building in Vancouver. The lower 16 floors of the tower are offices while the upper 24 floors contain 130 work-live condominiums.
 Franklin B. Hough House was the home of the father of American forestry Franklin Hough. Dr. Hough was a medical doctor scientist historian and the first chief of the United States Division of Forestry the predecessor of the United States Forest Service. Located in Lowville New York the Hough house is a brick Italianate mansion built in 1860. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1963 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 First Baptist Church of Gilmanton (Lower Gilmanton Church) is a historic church building on Province Road/NH 107 slightly north of Stage Road in Gilmanton New Hampshire.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Tomlinson House is a historic home located at Keeseville in Essex County New York. It was built in 1846 and is a two story frame late-Federal style residence. It features a portico with four slender Doric order style columns supporting a plain frieze and pediment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Knesset Eliyahoo also Knesset Eliyahu is an 1885 Orthodox synagogue in Fort (area) in downtown Mumbai. It was built by Jacob Elias Sassoon and his brothers to commemorate their father and is run by the Jacob Sassoon Trust.In 1985 the President of India Giani Zail Singh visited to honor the centennial of the building of the synagogue. The Indian Post Office issued a stamp in honor of the centennial.Until the November 2008 Mumbai attacks services were led by Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg.
 The Toodyay Post Office and residence is located in Toodyay Western Australia on the corner of Stirling Terrace and Duke Street North.It was designed by colonial architect George Temple-Poole and was part of a scheme by the Public Works Department.
 Fulwood Old Chapel is a Unitarian place of worship in the Fulwood district of western Sheffield South Yorkshire. It is a member of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches the umbrella organisation for British Unitarians.The chapel was built from 1728 to 1729 as a meeting house for English Dissenters who had previously met under John Fox at Fullwood Hall.
 Cill Chriosd (Christ's Church or Kilchrist) is a ruined former parish church of Strathaird on the Isle of Skye Scotland. It was constructed around the 16th century replacing an earlier Medieval church on the same location and was used until 1840 when the Parish church was relocated to Broadford. It lies on the B8083 Broadford to Torrin and Elgol road.
 Joseph Richardson House also known as the Langhorne Community Memorial Building is a historic home located in Langhorne Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1738 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. It has an original 1 1/2-story gambrel roofed stone addition. It is one of the oldest structures in Bucks County and was home to the Richardson family from its construction into the 20th century.
 Sardis Synagogue is a synagogue located in Manisa Province Turkey. Sardis was under numerous foreign rulers until its incorporation into the Roman Empire in 133 BCE. The city served then as the administrative center of the Roman province of Lydia. Sardis was reconstructed after the catastrophic earthquake of 17 CE and it enjoyed a long period of prosperity under the Roman rule.
 Tianderah is a historic home located at Gilbertsville in Otsego County New York. It was built in 1887 by Boston-based architect William Ralph Emerson. It is an L shaped stone Romanesque Revival and Shingle style residence dramatically overlooking the village and complemented by a stone and shingle style stable. The house is three stories and has a steep gambrel roof a full two stories high.
 Bridge in Brown Township is a historic lattice truss bridge spanning Pine Creek at PA 414 in Brown Township Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890 by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. of East Berlin Connecticut. The bridge measures 227 feet (69 m) long and 19 feet (5.8 m) wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Happy Retreat (also known as Charles Washington House and Mordington) is a historic property in Charles Town West Virginia which was originally owned and developed by Charles Washington the youngest brother of George Washington and the founder of Charles Town.
 College Medical Center formerly Pacific Hospital of Long Beach is a community-based teaching hospital located in Long Beach California. It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. The hospital was purchased by healthcare management company College Health Enterprises Inc. a Santa Fe Springs-based healthcare management company in October 2013 and was renamed College Medical Center.
 The House at 26 Center Avenue in Reading Massachusetts is an architecturally eclectic cottage. Built c. 1854-1875 the 1.5 story wood frame house has a door surround with Greek Revival pilasters and entablature but its gable end has no returns and is instead decorated with bargeboard a Gothic Revival feature.
 TD Canada Trust Tower is an office tower in Calgary Alberta. Located at 421 7th Avenue SW it stands at 162 m (531 ft) or 41 stories tall and sits above a four-level retail podium (The Core Shopping Centre). It was designed by WZMH Architects in the postmodern style and was built by PCL Construction in 1991. It has a total area of 65000 m2 (700000 sq ft) and is serviced by 15 elevators.
 Ashburton House also known as St. John's Church Parish House or British Legation is a house on Lafayette Square in Washington D.C..It was the site of 10 months of U.S.-British negotiations leading to the Webster-Ashburton Treaty of 1842. This settled U.S.-Canada border disputes and ended the Aroostook War.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Thomas Leavitt House a brick house built in the nineteenth century in Bunkerville Nevada United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Thomas Leavitt House was built by Thomas Dudley Leavitt (1857–1933) who was born in Santa Clara Utah the son of Lemuel Sturdevant Leavitt and his wife Laura Melvina (Thompson).
 Davis Memorial Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 450 Randolph Avenue in Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was originally built in 1894 and 1895 after designs prepared by the Baltimore architect Charles E. Cassell. In 1921 an Akron plan Sunday School building was added to the north by Clarence L. Harding of Washington D. C. The building consists of a nave an engaged tower and a gable roofed structure located perpendicular to the nave.
 Miranova Place is an office / condominiums complex in Columbus Ohio consisting of Miranova Condominiums and Miranova Corporate Tower. They are located at 1 and 2 Miranova Place respectively just north of the South Innerbelt along the Scioto River. Miranova Corporate Tower is 157 ft (48m) tall and has 12 floors while Miranova Condominiums is 314 ft (96m) tall and has 26 floors making it one of the tallest residential buildings in Ohio.
 The Hotel Breakers built in 1905 is a large historic Lake Erie resort hotel located at 1 Cedar Point Drive in the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky Ohio.It was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1987 but was altered significantly in 1999 with the demolition of several historic wings. After the demolition the hotel was de-designated having been delisted on August 7 2001.The hotel sits on the one mile beach mentioned on Cedar Point's web page.
 Tall Pines is a historic home located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The main block of the house was built about 1835 and is a two story three bay rectangular frame building in the Federal style. A wing was added to it in stages during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Also on the property is a guest house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 First Baptist Church of Deanwood is a historic church at 1008 45th Street in Northeast Washington D.C. in the Deanwood neighborhood. It was built in 1938 and added to the National Register in 2008. A new church was completed in 1961 just south of the old church. The new church is now the main location for worship services and the old building is used for youth activities.
 Temple Beth Sholom is the largest and oldest Reform Synagogue on Miami Beach Florida with 1130 member households. Temple Beth Sholom is a member of the Union for Reform Judaism and in the mainstream of liberal Judaism.
 Penn Treaty Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Fishtown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a four-story 17-bay brick building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a projecting end pavilions with arched openings carved limestone decorative elements a large stone Gothic entryway and a large battlement tower.
 Ward Hall is a Greek Revival antebellum plantation mansion located in Georgetown Kentucky. The 12000-square-foot (1100 m2) with 27-foot (8.2 m) high Corinthian fluted columns is a Greek Revival house in Kentucky and one of the finest examples of a mid-nineteenth classical building in the United States.[citation needed]
 Monterosa also known as Neptune Lodge is a historic home located at Warrenton Fauquier County Virginia USA. The original house constructed about 1847-1848 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed brick house with a gable roof and side-passage plan. The house has sustained several periods of alteration and now manifests the proportions and details of the Colonial Revival style. Also on the property are the contributing Italianate style brick stable (c.
 Barton Creek Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in southwest Austin Texas in the United States near the intersection of Texas State Highway Loop 1 and Texas State Highway Loop 360. Eponymously named after Barton Creek Texas the shopping mall was built in 1980. In November 1981 the mall became the first in Texas to have Braille and bold print signage throughout the center.
 The Lee House facing front street was built as a hotel by Peter Lee in 1844. It was considered one of the finest inns of the day and hosted a number of prominent guests including Henry Clay and Governor John Chambers. The inn became a popular stop on the way for summer tourists destined for the Blue Licks Spring. A number of parties and masked balls were held in its generous rooms.The complex consists of an original structure facing Sutton Street built by Dr.
 Foxborough Pumping Station is a historic water pumping station at 25 Pumping Station Road in Foxborough Massachusetts.The station was built in 1936 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 HSBC Tower (Spanish: Torre HSBC) is a skyscraper located on Paseo de la Reforma in Colonia Cuauhtémoc Cuauhtémoc Mexico City Mexico which is the headquarters of HSBC Mexico. It is located opposite the Angel of Independence and is home to the around 2800 HSBC Mexico staff. Construction was completed in 2006 at a cost of around US$150 million.
 New Square West Bromwich is a 473000 square feet (43900 m2) new shopping and leisure venue in West Bromwich in the West Midlands England which opened July 2013.
 Reuben Gridley Wright Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. The home is a two story wood frame Queen Anne style dwelling built in 1883 for Rueben Gridley Wright one of Westfield's most prominent citizens. The property includes five contributing farm outbuildings that relate to its operation as a extensive late 19th century vineyard operation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Glen Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre located in Glen Waverley Victoria Australia. The head offices of MYOB are located in the centre.Major retailers include David Jones Target Woolworths Coles Thomas Dux Grocer Harris Scarfe Home Dick Smith Electronics and Rebel Sport. It is one of the five shopping centres in Melbourne which has a David Jones.
 Ashtabula County Medical Center (ACMC) is a private not-for-profit community-oriented multi-specialty hospital located in Ashtabula County Ohio. It serves the people of Ashtabula County and the surrounding areas in Northeastern Ohio. ACMC an affiliate of Cleveland Clinic is a 249-licensed bed hospital with over 108 years of caring for the residents of Northeastern Ohio. ACMC’s history is rooted in community needs and support.
 Regency Mall was a major regional mall in South Augusta Georgia. Located at 1700 Gordon Highway Regency Mall was open from 1978 to 2002. It was anchored by J.B. White (now Dillard's) Belk (Belk-Howard but signed as Belk) Montgomery Ward and Cullum's (later Meyers-Arnold then Upton's) and also featured a three-screen movie General Cinema theatre. Developed by Edward J.
 The Imperial Granum-Joseph Parker Buildings in New Haven Connecticut is a listing of two buildings on 0.9 acres (0.36 ha) on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The Imperial Granum Building built in 1875 is at 47 Elm Street and the Joseph Parker Building built separately in 1877 is at 49-51 Elm Street. The buildings came under one owner in 1945 and the buildings were joined in upper floors by brick walls being broken through. Also a shared interior staircase was created.
 Anderson House located at 42 Powers Court St. John's Newfoundland Canada is believed to be the oldest structure in the city of St. John's.Originally built for James Anderson a Sergeant in the militia the house is of modest construction and an excellent example of 19th century homes built circa 1804. It was built on land that was purchased from Dr. Jonathan Ogden a Newfoundland chief justice in 1802. The house has found use as both a military and private residence.
 The Charles Patterson House at 506 S. Union St. in Natchez Mississippi also known as Camelia Gardens is a historic Queen Anne-style house that was designed by Robert E. Bost and was built by Bost in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It was included as a contributing building in the large Downriver Residential Historic District NRHP-listed in 1999.
 Robinson Springs United Methodist Church is a historic church in Millbrook Alabama USA. Built in 1848 it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1977 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Saint Petersburg Mosque (Russian: Санкт-Петербу́ргская мече́ть) when opened in 1913 was the largest mosque in Europe outside Turkey its minarets 49 meters in height and the dome is 39 meters high. The mosque is situated in downtown St Petersburg. It can accommodate up to five thousand worshippers.The founding stone was laid in 1910 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the reign of Abdul Ahat Khan in Bukhara.
 The castle of Peñaranda de Duero located in Peñaranda de Duero Spain is a well preserved Gothic castle in Burgos province. The castle originally dates from the 10th century but reforms by Counts of Miranda del Castañar in the 15th century changed much of the building.
 Holy Family Virika Hospital commonly referred to as Virika Hospital is a private community hospital in Fort Portal Kabarole District Western Uganda.
 Holme Priory was a priory in Dorset England.
 The Great Synagogue is the main synagogue of the Jewish community in Copenhagen Denmark. The synagogue is defined by its unique architecture around the Ark of the Law. During the first half of the 19th century synagogues continued to be built in the classical tradition but there began to be a revival of Greek and Roman architecture.
 Marianna Missouri Pacific Depot in Marianna Arkansas was built in 1915. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Captain's Houses are a row of four nearly identical houses built along Corsica Creek in Centreville Maryland after the Civil War. The houses are built on raised brick foundations into a small bluff along the creek allowing access to the main level from the top of the bluff. The upper levels of the houses are framed construction.
 Randolph Tower formerly known as the Steuben Club Building is a historic Gothic Revival skyscraper in Downtown Chicago. The building was constructed in 1929 and designed by architect Karl M. Vitzthum who designed another Chicago landmark the historic One North LaSalle Building.Randolph Tower was built for the Steuben Club of Chicago to promote German-American heritage.
 Garth School is an historic school building located on South Broadway Street in Georgetown Kentucky United States. Built in 1925 as a high school the building currently houses Garth Elementary School. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 16 1988.
 Sandbakken Chapel (Norwegian: Sandbakken kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandbakken. The chapel is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1976 and it seats about 148 people.
 Thoresby Hall is a grade I listed 19th-century country house in Budby Nottinghamshire some 4 km (2 miles) north of Ollerton. It is one four neighbouring country houses and estates in the Dukeries in north Nottinghamshire all occupied by dukes at one time in their history. It is now a hotel.The hall is constructed of rock-faced ashlar with ashlar dressings. It is built in four storeys to a square floor plan surrounding a central courtyard nine bays wide and eight bays deep.
 The Alderman House (also known as the Royal Palm Antiques) is a historic home in Fort Myers Florida. It is located at 2572 E. First Street. On December 1 1988 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The house is currently the national headquarters for The Healthcare Television Network.
 Four Seasons Hotel London at Park Lane is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located near Hyde Park corner in central London. It was built in 1970 as the Inn on the Park London.The hotel was reopened in 2010 after an extensive two year redevelopment costing an estimated £125 million. The work included a new floor Italian restaurant Amaranto and an interior redesign by Pierre-Yves Rochon.
 The McLachlen Building is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Read School is a historic schoolhouse at 1670 Flat River Road in Coventry Rhode Island USA.
 Salsta Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Opened in 2003 the Nasher Sculpture Center is a museum in Dallas Texas that houses a collection of modern and contemporary sculpture. It is located on a 2.4-acre (9700 m2) site adjacent to the Dallas Museum of Art in the heart of the Dallas Arts District. The mission of the Nasher is to be an international focal point and catalyst for the study installation conservation and appreciation of modern and contemporary sculpture.
 Queen Anne Historic District is a national historic district located in Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses 2405 contributing buildings in Reading built between about 1880 and 1925. The district consists primarily of semi-detached houses and rowhouses with a few stone church buildings and small commercial buildings. Most of the buildings are constructed of brick and reflective of Late Victorian and early 20th-century architectural styles. The churches are St.
 Mediana is an important archeological site from the late Roman period located in the eastern suburb of the Serbian city of Niš. It represents a luxurious residence with a highly organised economy. Excavatations have revealed a villa with peristyle thermae granary and water tower. The residence dates to the reign of Constantine the Great 306 to 337.
 Brooklyn Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Chatham Louisiana.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Kiwiberri Frozen Yoghurt is a frozen yogurt shop based in Palmerston North New Zealand. The first self-service frozen yoghurt shop to open in New Zealand Kiwiberri was founded on January 2011 and opened trading on November 22 2011 in The Plaza Shopping Centre located in the heart of Palmerston North.
 W Barcelona popularly known as the Hotel Vela (Sail Hotel) due to its shape is a building designed by Ricardo Bofill is located in the Barceloneta district of Barcelona in the expansion of the Port of Barcelona. The hotel is managed by Starwood Hotels and Resorts hotel chain and marketed under the brand W Hotels.The building designed by the architect Ricardo Bofill stands in 7 hectares of land reclaimed from the sea surface in the construction of the new entrance to the harbour.
 St. Joseph's Church and Friary is a historic church at 2543 E. 23rd Street at Woodland in Cleveland Ohio.It was designed by architects Cudell & Richardson built in 1873 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Jabez Weston House is a historic house at 86 West Street in Reading Massachusetts. The older portion of this 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1779 in a late-Georgian early-Federalist style. This portion consisted of a five bay section with a centrally located front door. Sometime (probably still in the 18th century) an eastern extension added three bays and a second entrance converting the building into a two family residence.
 Maple Grove Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 127-15 Kew Gardens Road in Kew Gardens Queens New York New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Maple Grove is a 65 acre cemetery established in 1875 on the The Backbone of Long Island by Colonel William Sterling Cogswell and business associates. It consists of two sections; Monumental Park and Memorial Park.
 The Louisiana Museum of Natural History is the state's museum of natural history located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. It houses the LSU Museum of Natural Science (the former Museum of Zoology hence the collection code LSUMZ) the LSU Herbarium the Louisiana State Arthropod Museum which contains approximately 1200000 specimens of insects and related arthropods and the Textile and Costume Museum.
 The Duncan Gallery of Art is located at 421 North Woodland Boulevard DeLand Florida in Sampson Hall on the Stetson University campus. It contains artworks primarily by student and southeast artists.
 The Wagoner Armory also known as National Guard Armory was built in 1938 by the Works Progress Administration in order to make jobs for unemployed workers in the area.
 Kareng Ghar (Pron:/ˌkɑ:ɹɛŋ ˈgɑ:/ Assamese: কাৰেং ঘৰ; meaning royal palace) is located in Rangpur 4 km from present-day Sivasagar in Upper Assam. Of all Ahom ruins the Kareng Ghar is one of the grandest examples of Ahom architecture. The Kareng Ghar together with its below-ground counterpart the Talatal Ghar is also the largest of all Ahom monuments.
 Prairie Grove Battlefield State Park is an Arkansas state park located next to Prairie Grove. It commemorates the Battle of Prairie Grove in the American Civil War. The portion of the park within a 64-acre (26 ha) triangle formed by North Rd. on the NW and U.S. 62 on the S was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. The area of this district was increased in 1992 to 65.8 acres (26.6 ha) and then again in 2005 to 707.8 acres (286.4 ha).
 St Deiniol's Church Hawarden is in the village of Hawarden Flintshire Wales. It is the parish church of the Rectorial Benefice of Hawarden in the deanery of Hawarden the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church has associations with W. E. Gladstone and his family and is deignated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 UnitingCare Connections is a contemporary office building located at 53 Webb Street Narre Warren which is within close proximity to Fountain Gate Shopping Centre and the town centre around the Narre Warren railway station. The property occupies 3 parcels of land with a combined area of 5267m² and was previously the Narre Warren Primary School circa 1950. The building designed by Harmer Architecture had commenced construction in 2006 and was completed in March 2007.
 Quinta Vendrell in Adjuntas Puerto Rico was designed by architect Alfredo B. Wiechers and built in 1918. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Hynds Lodge is a conference and accommodation lodge originally built by Cheyenne Wyoming businessman Harry P. Hynds and donated to the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) in 1922. It is open from May 1 to October 1 by reservation only. It has accommodations for 30 people (max occupancy of 90) a large kitchen dining room living room covered porch stone fireplace and chimney and 9 acres (3.6 ha) of land. The lodge was originally used by Wyoming Boy Scouts as a recreational camp.
 Rokeby is a historic home located at King George King George County Virginia. The original section was built about 1828 and is a two-story three bay Federal style brick dwelling. It has a low hipped roof tripartite windows lintel-typewindow heads and elliptical leaded-glass fanlight with flanking sidelights. The original block wasenlarged about 1912 by a pair of flanking two-story frame pavilions and in 1917 the west wing was substantially enlarged.
 Built in 1884 and located at 260 Queen Street Auckland this building was formerly owned by the Auckland Savings Bank. In 1977 the building became a McDonald's restaurant the first in Auckland and only the second in New Zealand (behind Porirua).
 For the church in Beverly Hills California see Mount Calvary Lutheran Church (Beverly Hills California)Mount Calvary Lutheran Church is an historic Lutheran church located near the town of Luray Virginia United States. The current structure is the third church at the location and was constructed in 1848. The church served an active congregation until 1959 when regular services ceased. The building is a two-story rectangular brick structure with a metal gable roof.
 Cottages at Central Point are a set of four historic cottages located on the east shore of Keuka Lake in Wayne in Steuben County New York. They were built in the late 1880s and are two-story wood frame cottages with steep gable roofs and wide porches. The cottages feature eclectic Victorian stylistic elements including board-and-batten siding decorative stick work and brackets wrap around porches and decorative balusters.
 The Reuben H. Fleet Science Center is a science museum and planetarium in Balboa Park in San Diego California. Established in 1973 it was the first science museum to combine interactive science exhibits with a planetarium and an IMAX Dome (OMNIMAX) theater setting the standard that most major science museums follow today.
 The Claremont Riding Academy also known as Claremont Stables the last riding stable in Manhattan was located at 175 West 89th Street between Columbus and Amsterdam Avenues in New York City. It was designed by Frank A. Rooke and built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. and designated a New York City Landmark in 1990. Now closed Claremont was the oldest continuously operated equestrian stable in New York City.
 The Kennedy-Warren is a historic eleven-story apartment house in Washington D.C. It is located at 3131-3133 Connecticut Avenue N.W. between the Cleveland Park and Woodley Park neighborhoods. The Art Deco building which was constructed from 1931 overlooks the National Zoological Park and Klingle Valley Park which is near the Art Deco Kingle Valley Bridge. The original main building was built between 1930 and 1931 with 210 apartments.
 Riverdale Center is an outdoor mall with retail and dining options. It opened in 2002 and has over 75 stores. It is in Coon Rapids Minnesota located just off of Minnesota State Highway 10. Stores such as JCPenney's Sears Kohl's and Lowe's anchor here. Riverdale also has many dining choices. Riverdale Center is still open today and has renovated and added onto it many times.
 Matthias Pennypacker Farm also known as Tinker Dam Farm is a historic farmhouse located in Schuylkill Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It consists of two sections in the shape of an L and in the Georgian style. It is constructed of rubble masonry and has a slate gable roof. The older section pre-dates the American Revolution and is two stories and two bays wide. The main portion is dated to 1830 and is three stories high and five bays wide.
 The Palazzo Medici also called the Palazzo Medici Riccardi after the later family that acquired and expanded it is a Renaissance palace located in Florence Italy.
 The Vale Resort is a golf spa and leisure hotel and resort in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. It consists of a hotel spa restaurant two championship golf courses golf clubhouse and a conference centre.
 The Jerome County Courthouse is a building located in Jerome Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 909 Walnut (formerly Fidelity National Bank & Trust Building Federal Office Building and 911 Walnut) is a twin-spire 32-story 471-foot (144 m) converted structure in Kansas City that is Missouri's tallest apartment building and 10th-tallest habitable building in Missouri.
 Peck-Bowen House is a historic house at 330 Fairview Avenue in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1770 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Paris Carnegie Public Library was opened to the public on June 24 1904. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and is still home to the Paris Public Library in Paris Illinois located in Edgar County.
 Ochsner Medical Center historically also known as Ochsner Clinic Ochsner Hospital and Ochsner Foundation Hospital is a hospital in Jefferson Louisiana a short distance from the city limits of New Orleans.
 Wesley Medical Center located in Wichita Kansas is an acute-care center licensed for 760 beds and 102 bassinets. The medical staff of 900 physicians and 3000 employees provide a full range of diagnostic and treatment services for patients from throughout Kansas and northern Oklahoma. Every year more than 25000 adults and children are inpatients and more than 6000 babies are born at Wesley.
 Newsham Park Hospital is a grade II listed building in Liverpool Merseyside England (grid reference SJ379920). It now lies derelict but was previously a hospital prior to which it was the Liverpool Seamen's Orphan Institution. the Seamens Orphanage.
 The Museu Benfica – Cosme Damião named in honor of Cosme Damião was inaugurated on 26 July 2013 under the presidency of Luís Filipe Vieira and was opened to the public on 29 July 2013 one year and three months after its initial construction.Located near to the stadium the building occupies 4000 square metres and it is composed of three floors which are followed by a huge vertical parallelepiped made of glass exhibiting 497 trophies.
 Brigham Hall also known as Grove Home is a historic psychiatric hospital located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a complex of 10 buildings designed as a facility for the care and confinement of the mentally ill. The Gothic Revival style main building was built about 1855 and is surrounded by the contributing outbuildings. The central section is a one and a half to two story brick and fieldstone structure flanked by two story brick wings.
 The Château du Landsberg is a castle in the commune of Heiligenstein in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. Construction dates from the 12th 13th and 15th centuries. The land belonged to the Abbey of Niedersmunster.The castle is privately owned. It has been listed since 1965 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Caswell–Taylor House was a historic home located at 803 North Fourth Street in the Fourth and Gill neighborhood of Knoxville Tennessee. It is also known as The Governor's House as it was the home of Governor Robert Love Taylor for several years.The house included a variety of architectural styles including Queen Anne Late Victorian and Eastlake. The property a private residence was on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fort Scammon also known as Camp White or Fort Hill is an archaeological site in Charleston in Kanawha County West Virginia. The site preserves earthenwork battlements that were set up in 1863 in an elliptical pattern.
 The Electric Construction Co. Building is or was a property in Grand Forks North Dakota. It was removed from the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It was built or has other significance in 1908. The listing described Early Commercial Vernacular and other architecture.
 Asheville Mall is a regional mall in Asheville North Carolina.Asheville Mall is located off Interstate 240 in eastern Asheville. It is predominantly a one-story mall. Its anchors are Belk J. C. Penney Sears and two Dillard's locations Dillard's South and Dillard's North.
 The Conway Hall Ethical Society formerly the South Place Ethical Society based in London at Conway Hall is thought to be the oldest surviving freethought organisation in the world and is the only remaining ethical society in the United Kingdom. It now advocates secular humanism and is a member of the International Humanist and Ethical Union.
 The Winslow House is a building in River Forest Illinois designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Built on a private street on the Edward Waller estate the Winslow House was Wright's first important independent commission and his first attempt at reinventing the traditional house.In 1894 the Winslow house was a marked departure from the traditional homes in the Oak Park/River Forest area. The walls made from Roman brick rise straight up from a cast stone coping.
 The Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science (formerly known as the Miami Science Museum) is an attraction located in the city of Miami Florida USA. In addition to interactive science exhibits the museum also contains the Space-Transit Planetarium Weintraub Observatory a Sea Lab and the Falcon Batchelor Bird of Prey Center.
 The Sunrise Comfort Station is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style located in the Sunrise Historic District of Mount Rainier National Park Washington USA. Built in 1932 the building was designed by Thomas Chalmers Vint of the National Park Service in association with landscape architect E.A. Davidson. The structure was part of a planned ensemble at what was then called Yakima Park high on the northern flank of Mount Rainier.
 Vyborg Castle (Russian: Выборгский замок Finnish: Viipurin linna Swedish: Viborgs fästning) is a Swedish-built medieval fortress around which the town of Viborg (today in Russia) evolved. Currently it serves as a museum.
 Burgruine Gallenstein is a castle in Styria Austria. The ruined Gallenstein Castle hosts many concerts and exhibitions as well as the annual Festival St. Gallen. http://www.steiermark.at/cms/beitrag/10037153/87844/The noble family von Gallenstein resided at the castle at one point.
 The Bridgeman Art Library based in London Paris New York and Berlin provides one of the largest archives for reproductions of works of art in the world. Founded in 1972 by Harriet Bridgeman the Bridgeman Art Library cooperates with many art galleries and museums to gather images.
 Beth Israel Congregation (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 600 Camden Avenue in Salisbury Maryland.Founded in 1925 it was organized by I.L. Benjamin upon the death of his father and originally called Kahelas Israel Congregation. At the time there were only nine Jewish families in Salisbury.Beth Israel moved to its current building in 1951.
 Ishikawa Ongakudō (石川県立音楽堂 Ishikawa kenritsu ongakudō) is a concert hall in Kanazawa Ishikawa Prefecture Japan. It opened in 2001 and has two principal performances spaces: the shoebox-style Concert Hall which seats 1560; and the Hōgaku Hall with a capacity of 720 for traditional Japanese music kabuki and bunraku. The walls of the main auditorium are finished with urushi.
 The Nathaniel Drake House is located in Plainfield Union County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1746 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 19 1973. It now operated as the Drake House Museum and is the headquarters of the Historical Society of Plainfield though the building is owned by the City of Plainfield. The most famous piece in the Society's collection is the painting The Death of General Sedgwick by Julian Scott.
 Eleven80 is a 137 m (449 ft) tall skyscraper in Newark New Jersey. It was completed as an office building in 1930 has 35 floors and was the tallest building in Newark until 1931. It was converted into residential use in 2004 after being vacant since 1986.Eleven 80 is located in the heart of Downtown Newark just north of Four Corners across from Military Park both of which are United States historic districts.
 Stroud House in Bentonville Arkansas was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986.
 One California Plaza is a 176 m (577 ft) skyscraper located on the Bunker Hill District district of downtown Los Angeles California. The tower is part of the California Plaza project consists of two unique skyscrapers One California Plaza and Two California Plaza.
 Hotel Bristol Warsaw is a historic luxury hotel opened in 1901 located on Krakowskie Przedmieście in Poland's capital Warsaw.
 Kirkelandet Church (Norwegian: Kirkelandet Kirke) is the main parish church for Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the island of Kirkelandet in the town of Kristiansund. The church is part of the Kristiansund parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is also the seat of the deanery and Sverre Reinert Jansen is the Dean. The church was built in 1964 by the architect Odd Østbye. The church seats about 900 people.
 Market House in Monaghan Ireland was designed by Colonel William Hayes of Avondale Rathdrum County Wicklow and stands in the middle of Market Square. Completed in 1792 the building is of five bays in length with the centre three arches projected with a secondary pediment. The outer bays contain blank windows. The ends of the Market House have large rusticated arches flanked by round headed niches.
 Sam Black Church known today as Sam Black United Methodist Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style church located at Sam Black Church near the unincorporated community of Smoot in Greenbrier County West Virginia.The historic white frame church was built in 1902 and named in honor of Rev. Samuel Black a circuit-riding Southern Methodist preacher. It is a small one story building with a gable roof. It features a square open bell tower with a hipped roof.
 Scala Regia (Latin pronunciation: [ˈskaːla ˈreːɡia] and Italian pronunciation: [ˈskaːla ˈreːdʒia]; English: Royal Staircase) is a flight of steps in the Vatican City and is part of the formal entrance to the Vatican. It was built by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger in the early 16th century to connect the Apostolic Palace to St.
 Hazeldean Mall is a shopping centre located in Ottawa Ontario Canada at the intersection of Eagleson Road and Hazeldean Road where Hazeldean Road changes turns into Robertson Road.The official opening of the Hazeldean Mall was October 30 1979. It was anchored by Steinberg's and Towers.
 The Église Saint-Théodore is a Roman Catholic church in Marseille.
 The St. Charles of the Valley Catholic Church and Rectory in Hailey Idaho is a historic site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Located at Pine and S. 1st Sts. in Hailey the complex dates from 1914. It was designed by architects Tourtellotte & Hummel in Gothic Revival architecture. It includes what has been known as Father Keys House.Also known as St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church the church was built by Nicholas F. Wirtzberger at cost of $7200.
 Orlando Regional Medical Center (ORMC) is a 808-bed tertiary hospital in downtown Orlando Florida. It is part of the Orlando Health system.
 The Pittsburgh City-County Building is the seat of government for the City of Pittsburgh and houses both Pittsburgh and Allegheny County offices. It is located in Downtown Pittsburgh at 414 Grant Street Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York.
 Forest Hill Park is an historic urban park that formerly was a portion of John D. Rockefeller's estate located in East Cleveland and Cleveland Heights Ohio. Two-thirds of the park lie in East Cleveland and the remaining third is in Cleveland Heights. The 248-acre (1.00 km2) park has six baseball diamonds (four lit) six lit tennis courts and walking trails that have retained the natural green space as intended by John D. Rockefeller Jr. who deeded the park to the two cities in 1936.
 Whipps Cross University Hospital is an NHS-run University Hospital in Whipps Cross Waltham Forest London United Kingdom which housed London's first Hyperbaric Unit. The hospital has one of the largest and busiest A&E departments in the UK and serves a diverse community from Chigwell to Leyton. The hospital also had the lowest MRSA rates in London for three years running as of 2008.
 Sts. Peter and Paul Church is a Russian Orthodox church on St. Paul Island Alaska. The current church built in 1907 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.A first church was built in 1779 according to legend; a second church was built in 1819 atop the island's tallest hill.
 The Wales and Hamblen building located in Bridgton Maine is a building on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1882 in the Italianate architectural style. Other buildings in the Bridgton area were built around that time in the 1875-1899 timeframe. It was added to the Register in 1990 and is currently undergoing renovations.The store part of the It Must Be Maine Architectural Trail still has its original W&H sign.
 The Olcovich-Meyers House at 214 W. King St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic well-preserved house that was built during 1874-75 with Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The listing included two contributing buildings.It is reportedly one of few surviving houses in Carson City that have Gothic-influenced architecture. The house also shows Italianate and Eastlake stylistic elements.
 The Cordner-Calder House at 305 S. 900 E. in Orem Utah was built in 1894 by William Cordner. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 HM Prison Blundeston is a Category C men's prison located in the Village of Blundeston in Suffolk England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is due to close by March 2014.
 The Arkwright Bridge is an historic bridge located in Cranston Rhode Island just north of the town line with Coventry in the historic Arkwright mill village.The first bridge to span the Pawtuxet River at this location was an early nineteenth century wooden bridge located in the city of Cranston. In 1887 a special resolution was passed changing the Coventry-Cranston border to the Pawtuxet River.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall also known as the General Frederick W. Lander Post No. 5 Grand Army of the Republic is an historic building located at 58 Andrew Street in Lynn Massachusetts in the United States. The hall was built in 1885 by members of the Grand Army of the Republic as a memorial to the Union Army veterans of the Civil War. It was one of many such halls built in the country. On May 7 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gunther Brewing Company is a historic brewery building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. The site comprises 15 masonry buildings. The main structure is a five-story brick L-shaped Romanesque Revival-style brew house with a two-story brick ice plant built about 1910 and one- and two-story boiler room. Additional brew houses built in 1936 and 1950 are also on the property. The Tulkoff Factory and Warehouse was built about 1964. It was home to the George Gunther Jr.
 St Winefride's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Holywell Flintshire. It was founded by the Society of Jesus and was first church in the United Kingdom to be administered by the Vocationist Fathers. It is Grade II listed building.
 Katy Mills is an outlet shopping mall in Katy Texas (USA) within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area developed by The Mills Corporation and now owned by Simon Property Group. The mall opened on October 28 1999 and hosts a variety of over 200 specialty stores. Katy Mills has about 1.3 million square feet (0.12 km²) of retail space.
 The William Martin Armistead House is a historic building at 1510 Hyde Park Street in Sarasota Florida United States. On March 30 2009 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 One South Church (formerly UniSource Energy Tower and Norwest Bank Tower) is a postmodern skyscraper that was completed in 1986. The tower is the tallest building in Tucson Arizona and is the eighteenth tallest in Arizona. The building rises 330 feet with 23 floors. It was designed by Curtis W. Fentres FAIA RIBA of Fentress Architects in 1986.
 The Box Tree is a restaurant located in Ilkley West Yorkshire England. It has been operated by chef Simon Gueller and his wife Rena since 2005. Under their management the restaurant has been redecorated although elements from the original owners of the restaurant remain. Reception by food critics has improved over the years; the restaurant has a single Michelin star and three AA rosettes.
 The Light House (or Light*house) is a residential project under construction in Aarhus Docklands the new harbour front district of Aarhus Denmark. The project was originally divided in 2 stages but due to financial problems the first stage was sub-divided in 2 stages. Stage 1 is complete while Stage 2 is expected to be completed by 2014. The Light House tower (stage 3) will be 142 m tall making it the tallest building in Denmark.
 The shipwreck site of the motor launch Forward is located in Lake George New York approximately three and one half miles north of the village of Lake George. The motor launch was built in 1906 by Gas Engine & Power Co. and Charles L. Seabury & Co. Consolidated (Morris Heights New York City New York). It was one of the first gasoline powered vessels on Lake George. The original owner was William K.
 The Lane County Clerk's Building located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Anduiza Hotel is an historic hotel located in Boise Idaho United States. The hotel was constructed in 1914 to serve as a boarding house for Basque sheep herders. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 25 2003.It contains a fronton for playing Basque pelota.
 SM City San Fernando Downtown is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the third SM Supermall in the province of Pampanga after SM City Pampanga and SM City Clark. Also the second SM Supermall located at San Fernando Pampanga. The mall was opened on July 20 2012
 J.S. Schroeder Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. It is located in the Downtown Historic District of Peabody Kansas United States.
 The Abjar Tower was a planned 62-floor tower in the Jumeirah Village in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Abjar Tower was expected to be completed in 2010. It is the first project of Khuyool Invetstments L.L.C. in Dubai.
 The Pratt Read and Company Factory Complex is located in Deep River Connecticut. The complex was built in 1881 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1984.
 East Harpswell Free Will Baptist Church is a historic church on Cundys Harbor Road in East Harpswell Maine.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The John R. Oughton House commonly known as The Lodge or the Keeley Estate is a Victorian mansion located in the village of Dwight Illinois United States. The grounds remain mostly unchanged since the house was moved from its original site in 1894 and remodeled a year later. John R. Oughton occupied the house until his death in 1925 and in 1930 the house became a boarding home for patients of the internationally known Keeley Institute.
 The Hyatt Regency Dubai is a luxury five-star hotel located on Deira Corniche in Dubai United Arab Emirates (UAE). It's is the first Hyatt Hotel in UAE. It has 414 rooms and an additional complex of 370 apartments called The Galleria Residence.
 The Anthony Yoerg Sr. House is a historic house in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It was the home of Anthony Yoerg (1816–1896) a Bavarian immigrant who constructed Minnesota's first brewery; the house is located high on the bluffs and the brewery was located just below the house on the lowlands in Saint Paul's West Side neighborhood.
 Songdo First World is the first completed residential project in Songdo IBD Korea. There are 12 buildings ranging from 3 floors to 64 floors.[citation needed] Currently there are 2685 units within this complex. This luxury apartment is designed by KPF and BAUM. It is located adjacent to the Songdo convensia Northeast Asia Trade Tower and subway station.
 Fort Jesup also known as Fort Jesup State Historic Site or Fort Jessup or Fort Jesup State Monument was built in 1822 22 miles west of Natchitoches Louisiana to protect the United States border with Spain and to return order to the Neutral Strip. Originally named Cantonment Jesup the fort operated from 1822 until 1846. After the abandonment of the fort in 1846 the United States federal government continued to own the abandoned fort site until the privatization of the site in 1869.
 Canadian National Depot or Warroad Depot is a former railway station for the Canadian National Railway. The building now serves as an office for the City of Warroad in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
 French Creek Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in French Creek Upshur County West Virginia. It was built in 1866 and is a simple rectangular frame building with a white weatherboard exterior. It measures 50 feet by 40 feet and has a gable roof topped by a belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Fifth Third Center formally known as the IJL Financial Center and 201 North Tryon is a 447 feet (136 m) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was competed in 1997 and has 30 floors. It is located at the intersection of West Fifth Street and North Tryon Street and is the 8th-tallest building in Charlotte. It was designed by Smallwood Reynolds Stewart Stewart & Associates.
 The Human Services Center in Yankton South Dakota is a psychiatric hospital that was built in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was included in the 2009 list of Americas 11 Most Endangered Historic Places.
 Plashbourne Estate is a historic estate located in the Lawrence Park West section of Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was designed in 1911 by the noted architectural firm of Carrère and Hastings and built for artist Violet Oakley (1874–1961) in the Tudor Revival style. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone building with an irregular compound plan and cross-gabled roofline.
 The Lansing Manor House was built in 1819 by John Lansing Jr. for his daughter and son-in-law Jacob Livingston Sutherland. John Lansing Jr. represented New York as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention in 1787 and the state's Ratification Convention in 1788. The manor is located in North Blenheim Schoharie County New York adjacent to the Blenheim-Gilboa Visitors Center and Mine Kill State Park.The manor house is a two story 46-feet square house with a hipped roof.
 The University Church Central Philippine University commonly referred as University Church UC or CPU Church is located on the main campus of the Central Philippine University Jaro District Iloilo City Philippines. Officially the church was founded in 1913. The present church building was built after an older chapel housed in Rose Memorial Hall was destroyed by fire in 1995.
 Vevring Church (Norwegian: Vevring kyrkje) is a parish church in Naustdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Indrevevring. The church is part of the Vevring parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1846 by the architect Hans Linstow. The church which seats about 225 people was consecrated on 16 September 1846.
 Old City Hall also known as County Court House and State House is a historic city hall building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1795 and 1797 and is a 3 1/2-story brick building with stone accents in the Federal style. The building was restored in 1924. It was built as a public office house and housed the Commonwealth offices when Lancaster was the capital from 1799 to 1812.
 Fire Barn 5 or Fire Station 5 is a historic building in Elgin Illinois. It was the fifth official fire barn in Elgin originally housing horses and a fire fighting carriage. Over the years the carriage was replaced by automobiles. The building is an example of Classical Revival architecture and operated as a fire station until 1991 the year it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It now functions the Elgin Fire Barn No. 5 Museum a museum of firefighting history.
 The Church of St. Stephen (Croatian: Crkva svetog Stefana Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Стефана) in Borovo is a Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church was built in the period from 1761 to 1764. Under its patronage was carried out first educational activities in the village. Church is listed in Register of Cultural Goods of Croatia. Iconostasis with 49 icons and other inventory is also specifically listed in Register.
 Mandarin Oriental Bangkok is a five-star hotel in Bangkok owned in part and managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. Located on the banks of the Chao Phraya River the original structure was the first hotel built in Thailand when it opened as The Oriental in 1879. Today the hotel is one of two flagship properties of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group and is known for service which consistently places it among the world's best hotels (see Awards).
 Dallas Contemporary founded in 1978 is an exhibition space located in the Design District of Dallas Texas. Dallas Contemporary is a non-collecting art museum presenting new and challenging ideas from regional national and international artists. The institution is committed to engaging the public through exhibitions lectures educational programs and events. The range and level of Dallas Contemporary’s programs serve audiences in the metropolitan Dallas-Fort Worth area and beyond.
 Rainthorpe Hall is an Elizabethan country mansion which is a Grade I listed building near Tasburgh in Norfolk England about 8 miles (13 km) south of Norwich. It is notable for its medieval stone work wood carvings rare 17th century leather wall coverings and 19th century Victorian mirrors. The hall's grounds extend to 18.7 acres.There is evidence that the Hall dates back to the 15th century or earlier in some form and that most of the original structure was destroyed by a fire around 1500.
 Seven Dolors Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Manhattan Kansas United States and is the see of the Seven Dolors Parish which also contains Saint Patrick's Church in Ogden. The Parish is the easternmost in the Salina Diocese.Built in 1920 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Maryhill Museum of Art is a small museum with an eclectic collection located 45°40′40.11″N 120°51′50.15″W near Maryhill in the U.S. state of Washington.The museum is situated on a bluff overlooking the eastern end of the Columbia River Gorge. The structure was originally intended as a mansion for entrepreneur Samuel Hill (1857-1931). The unfinished museum building was dedicated on November 3 1926 and opened to the public on Hill's birthday (May 13) in 1940.
 The Portland Telegram Building is a historic building in Portland Oregon. It formerly served as the headquarters of The Portland Telegram a now-defunct local newspaper founded in 1877 by Henry L. Pittock. In 1886 John Addison Porter (Secretary to the President) organized and ran the Oregon Publishing Company which took over the Telegram.
 The Church of the Annunciation is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Manhattanville/West Harlem in Manhattan. Founded in 1853 it is a parish of the Archdiocese of New York under the pastoral care of the Piarist Fathers The church is located at 88 Convent Avenue. Annunciation School is located at 461 West 131st Street. The pastor is the Rev. Jose A. Gimeno-Ortega Sch.P.
 Vukovar Synagogue was the main synagogue of the Jewish community in Vukovar Croatia after the first smaller synagogue was sold to the Calvinist church in 1910.The Jews of Vukovar settled in the city in the 19th century from other parts of the Habsburg Monarchy. The Jewish community in Vukovar was one of the oldest and most significant Jewish communities in Croatia. The first Vukovar synagogue was built in 1845 by architect Fran Funtak.
 The John Harbach House is a historic house at 303 Ward Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1800 and is one of a few surviving Federal style houses in Newton Centre. It is one of three that are associated with the Ward family who were early settlers of the area.
 The Tracy-Causer Block is an historic commercial building located at 505-509 Fore Street in the Portland Maine's Old Port. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.The building is located at Gorham's Corner an historic intersection.
 The Ballardvale District in Andover Massachusetts encompasses the historic mill village of Ballardvale in the northwestern part of the town. It is centered on the crossing the Shawsheen River by Andover Street and includes buildings on High Street Center Street and other adjacent roads on both sides of the river. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Ballardvale was the first planned mill community in Andover.
 The Priest's House is a National Trust-owned property in Muchelney in the English county of Somerset. It has been designated as a grade II listed building.
 The Green Mountain Ranch located southwest on Highway 126 in Buffalo Creek Colorado was built in the 1895 by Edwin Eugene Culver. There are only two remaining buildings as the rest were torn down in the construction of Highway 126.
 Angel Island Immigration Station was an immigrant processing facility on Angel Island in the San Francisco Bay. It opened in 1910 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the site of a museum. The museum and grounds were renovated and reopened to the public in February 2009.
 The Hilton Bandung is a hotel and skyscraper in Bandung in West Java Indonesia. It is located in city center of Bandung on the south side of Kebun Kawung Square close to the many dining and entertainment options at nearby Paris Van Java.
 Foster's Castle is a historic plantation home located near Tunstall New Kent County Virginia. It was built about 1685 as a 1 1/2-story T-shaped brick building with a two-story central projection at the front. The house is similar to neighboring Criss Cross. It was raised to a full two stories with a low pitched roof in 1873. Its builder Colonel Joseph Foster was a vestryman and supervisor of construction at St.
 Immaculate Conception Cathedral is the cathedral mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore. It is located in the Union territory of Puducherry. It is also known as Samba Kovil (Tamil: சம்பா கோயில்) which is a phonetic corruption of Saint Paul’s Kovil where Kovil means church.
 The Sidon synagogue (Arabic: كنيس صيدا) is one of the oldest synagogues in the world. It is located in the old city of Sidon (Saida Lebanon) in the Jewish neighborhood or quarter known colloquially as ḥarat al-yahūd (Arabic: حارة اليهود).
 In Bratislava Slovakia Michael's Gate is the only city gate that has been preserved of the medieval fortifications and ranks among the oldest town buildings. Built about the year 1300 its present shape is the result of baroque reconstructions in 1758 when the statue of St. Michael and the Dragon was placed on its top.
 Gateway Town Center (commonly called Gateway Mall or Gateway) is an indoor/outdoor shopping center located in the Jacksonville Florida neighborhood of Brentwood just off of Interstate 95 (exit 355 and 356) at Golfair Boulevard and Norwood Avenue. Developed in the 1950s it has over 70 stores and is anchored by Publix.
 The National Toy Train Museum (NTTM) at 300 Paradise Lane in Strasburg Pennsylvania USA is focused on creating an interactive display of toy trains. Its collection dates from the early 1800s through current production. It is located just around the corner from the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania.The NTTM is owned and operated by the Train Collectors Association (TCA) and serves as its headquarters.
 St Mary's Church in Portbury Somerset England is an Anglican parish church close to the M5 motorway. It is a Grade I listed building.It dates from the 12th century with alteration and extension in the 13th and restoration between 1870 and 1875. It has a Norman doorway and grand fifteenth century porch.
 Bethlehem Steel Lehigh Plant Mill #2 Annex also known as Merchant Mill No. 2 is a historic steel mill located at Bethlehem Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1940 and 1942 by Bethlehem Steel. It is a large square two-story brick industrial building. It was originally built as a surface preparation and finishing mill for the Alloy and Tool Steel Division of the Lehigh Plant.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Mahak Hospital and Rehabilitation Complex is a Pediatric Cancer Research and Hospital Center built and organized by Mahak charity. The 120 bedroom complex focuses on the treatment and rehabilitation of children and providing support to their families during treatment.
 Powers Auditorium in Youngstown Ohio is the largest auditorium in the Youngstown-Warren area. The facility is the main venue of downtown Youngstown's DeYor Performing Arts Center. The complex also includes the Adler Art Academy Beecher Flad Pavilion and Ford Family Recital Hall.
 The Dominican Block is an historic block at 141-145 Lincoln Street in Lewiston Maine.The Queen Anne style block was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Sudbury Aqueduct is an aqueduct in Massachusetts. It runs for 16 miles (26 km) from Farm Pond at Waverly Street in Framingham to Chestnut Hill Reservoir in Boston. Going east from Framingham it runs through Sherborn before entering Natick. From Natick it runs east through Wellesley and Needham to the Charles River which it crosses on the Echo Bridge into Newton. It ends at the Chestnut Hill Reservoir on the Newton side of the Newton-Boston line.
 The Briggs Hardware Building is a four story historic building in downtown Raleigh North Carolina built in 1874 by Thomas Briggs to house his family-owned hardware store. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Currently the building is home to the Raleigh City Museum and is owned by a joint group of non-profit organizations.
 Fox Plaza is a 35-story 492-foot (150 m) skyscraper in Century City Los Angeles California. Completed in 1987 the architects behind the design of the local landmark were Scott Johnson Bill Fain and William L. Pereira. Owned by Orange County-based The Irvine Company Fox Plaza is Twentieth Century Fox's official headquarters.Former President of the United States Ronald Reagan occupied a penthouse on the 34th floor for several years after leaving public office.
 The Cookeville Railroad Depot is a railroad depot in Cookeville in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Built by the Tennessee Central Railway in 1909 the depot served Cookeville until the 1950s when passenger train service to the city was phased out.
 Josiah Funck Mansion is a historic home located in Lebanon Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1855 and is a three-story brick residence with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. The main section measures 65 feet by 40 feet. Two additions were built sometime after 1932. It features a two-story porch with decorative woodwork.The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Blakenham Priory was a priory in Suffolk England located at Great Blakenham.A monastic cell at Blakenham dated from around 1091 when the manor was given to Bec Abbey. It first came under Ruislip Priory. In the 14th century it was held from Ogbourne Priory.
 Pierce-Klingle Mansion also known as Linnaean Hill is an historic house in Rock Creek Park in Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1964 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is a contributing property in the Rock Creek Park Historic District.
 The Metropolitan Block is a historic commercial building along North Main Street in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1890 at the middle of Lima's petroleum boom it is historically significant as a well-preserved example of Romanesque Revival architecture.
 The Poague House is a two and a half story three-bay hall-parlor dry-stone house built in the first half of the 19th century by future Kentucky Governor Thomas Metcalfe for William Poague. The ashlar stone construction is of upper Ordovician fossiliferous limestone. Window frames are pegged with ovolo trim nosed sills and 9-11 voussoirs with key the same height. There is a dentilled cornice.Trim throughout the house is Federal except the hall in which a Greek Revival mantel was added.
 Château d'Aigues-Mortes is a château in Gard France.
 Château de Lobit is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 18th century.
 Knoxville High School was a public high school in Knoxville Tennessee that operated from 1910 to 1951 enrolling grades 10 to 12. Its building is a contributing property in the Emory Place Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building currently is used for adult education programs offered by Knox County Schools.
 St Llibio's Church Llanllibio is a demolished church in Anglesey north Wales. Founded by Llibio in the sixth century the church served a small community of bondmen as a chapel of ease. The population of Llanllibio declined substantially during the Middle Ages as a result of the Black Death and changes in farming practice amongst other factors and the community that the church served effectively disappeared.
 Sunomata Castle (墨俣城 Sunomata-jō) is a Japanese castle in Ōgaki in Gifu Prefecture. It was constructed by Toyotomi Hideyoshi one of the generals of Oda Nobunaga while they were pressing the Siege of Inabayama Castle in the mid-16th century. Hideyoshi also found a secret path into the castle and they found Saitō Tatsuoki. Oda Nobunaga put him in exile as they were victorious in this war. According to legend Sunomata Castle was built overnight.
 The Rensselaer and Saratoga Railroad: Green Island Shops is located in Green Island New York. The buildings were built in 1871 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 1973.
 San Pancrazio is a church in Florence Italy in Piazza San Pancrazio behind Palazzo Rucellai. With the exception of the Rucellai Chapel it is deconsecrated and is home to the museum dedicated to the sculptor Marino Marini. The Rucellai Chapel contains the Rucellai Sepulchre or Tempietto del Santo Sepolcro. Since February 2013 it has been possible to visit the chapel from within the Marini museum.
 Bellevue Hospital Center most often referred to as Bellevue was founded on March 31 1736 and is the oldest public hospital in the United States. Located on First Avenue in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan New York City Bellevue is famous from many literary film and television references and as the training ground for many of America's leaders in medicine.
 The Carrie Pierce House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The James Cogan House is a historic house at 48 Elm Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Queen Anne Victorian wood frame house was built c. 1890 for James Cogan son of Patrick Cogan owner of a local shoe factory. P. Cogan and Son was one of Stoneham's successful late 19th- to early 20th-century shoe businesses.
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located on the west side of U.S. Route 301 just north of the Rappahannock River in Port Conway Virginia in the United States. Emmanuel Church and its historic graveyard are located in front of Belle Grove. In 1751 future President James Madison was born at Belle Grove the childhood home of his mother Eleanor Rose Nellie Conway. On January 7 1987 Emmanuel Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Marquette County Courthouse is a government building located at 400 South 3rd Street in Marquette Michigan. It designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The courthouse was the setting of the 1959 film Anatomy of a Murder directed by Otto Preminger.
 The Wagner Homestead was built c. 1857 by William Wagner who came to Miami with his Creole wife Everline. Wagner a U.S. Army veteran had joined the army in 1846 fought in the Mexican War under General Winfield Scott until he was wounded in the Battle of Cerro Gordo and sent to Charleston S.C. to recuperate. When Wagner's former military unit was sent to reopen Fort Dallas in 1855 he came to the Miami area and decided to move to South Florida. Wagner died in 1901 on his homestead.
 The Edgar Allan Poe Cottage (or Poe Cottage) is the former home of American writer Edgar Allan Poe. It is located on Kingsbridge Road and the Grand Concourse in the The Bronx New York a short distance from its original location and is now in the northern part of Poe Park.The cottage is a part of the Historic House Trust listed on the National Register of Historic Places has been administered by the Bronx County Historical Society since 1975 and is believed to have been built in 1797.
 Van Houten-Ackerman House is located in Franklin Lakes Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1768 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 The Spanish Fork High School Gymnasium at 300 S. Main St. in Spanish Fork Utah is an Art Deco style building built in 1935 by the Public Works Administration. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is not part of the current Spanish Fork High School campus which is a number of blocks to the northwest of the original Gymnasium.
 House at No. 30 Murray Street is a historic home located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a textbook example of the late 19th century interpretation of the Queen Anne style. It features asymmetrical massing decorative shingle siding multi-gabled roof with tall corbelled brick chimneys and a prominent corner tower.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Warwick Village Historic District is located in the center of the village of Warwick in the U.S. state of New York.
 Ashley Planes were historic freight cable railroads or inclined plane railways located in Ashley Pennsylvania founded with an eye to enhance and better connect eastern settlements with new western territories in the Pre-Civil War era.
 The Mrs. A. W. Gridley House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home in Batavia Illinois.
 The Cadillac Tower is a 40-story 133.4 m (438 ft) Neo-Gothic skyscraper designed by the architectural firm of Bonnah & Chaffee at 65 Cadillac Square in Downtown Detroit Michigan not far from Renaissance Center. The building's materials include terra cotta and brick. It was built in 1927 as Barlum Tower. At the top of the tower is a tall guyed mast for local radio station WJLB and television station WLPC-LD. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 General Stores and Mold Loft Building-Harriman Yard of the Merchant Shipbuilding Corporation also known as Manhattan Soap Company Warehouse is a historic warehouse located at Bristol Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1917 and is a three-story rectangular reinforced concrete building. The warehouse building was one of a complex of approximately 30 buildings constructed by the Merchant Shipbuilding Corporation at Harriman Yard during World War I.
 Academia Rossica (London/Moscow) is a cultural organisation set up in 2000 to promote and strengthen cultural and intellectual ties between Russia and the West pioneering intercultural projects and bringing the best of contemporary Russian culture to the West. With offices in London and Moscow Academia Rossica acts as a bridge between these two thriving cultural capitals. Academia Rossica is a non-profit organization and a UK registered charity.
 Church of the New Jerusalem also known as The Fryeburg New Church is a congregation of The New Church in Fryeburg Maine.The historic church building at 4 Oxford Street was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The MacDowell Colony is an art colony in Peterborough New Hampshire U.S.A. founded in 1907 by Marian MacDowell pianist and wife of composer Edward MacDowell. She established the institution and its endowment chiefly with donated funds. She led the colony for almost 25 years against a background of two world wars the Great Depression and other challenges.Over the years an estimated 6000 artists have been supported in residence including the winners of at least 61 Pulitzer Prizes.
 Hloubětín tram depot (Czech: Vozovna Hloubětín) is a tram and trolleybus depot in Hloubětín that has been part of the Prague tram network since 1951. The depot celebrated fifty years in 2001.
 Castle Hill (Virginia) is an historic privately owned 600-acre (243 ha) plantation located at the foot of the Southwest Mountains in Albemarle County Virginia near Monticello and the city of Charlottesville and is recognized by the Virginia Landmarks Register and the National Register of Historic Places. Castle Hill was the beloved home of Dr. Thomas Walker (1715–1794) and his wife Mildred Thornton Meriwether (widow of Nicholas Meriwether III).
 San Biagio is a church dedicated to Saint Blaise in the sestiere of Castello in Venice northern Italy.The church now stands adjacent to the Museo Storico Navale and is officiated by a military chaplain. Till 1511 this served as the church for the Greek community which had emigrated to Venice after the fall of Constantinople. It was rebuilt in 1745-1752 likely to plans of Filippo Rossi. The vault was frescoed by Giovanni Scajaro with Saint Blaise in Glory.
 Old Norfolk City Hall also known as the U.S. Post Office and Courts Building  is a historic city hall located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1898-1900 and is a three-story faced with rusticated stone and yellow brick in a Neo-Palladian Revival style. It features a central pedimented engaged portico with Corinthian order pilasters that contains the main entrance. The building housed a post office and Federal courts until they moved to the Walter E.
 The Frank E. Schoonover Studios in Wilmington Delaware comprise a historic building that was used by the students of illustrator Howard Pyle including the original tennants Frank Schoonover N.C. Wyeth Harvey Dunn and Clifford Ashley. Philanthropist and art collector Samuel Bancroft Jr. paid for the building which was designed by the prominent local architect Capt. E.L. Rice Jr. and built in 1905 in a simplified Queen Anne or Shavian Manorial style.
 The Church of Saint Bridget Liverpool is in Bagot Street Wavertree Liverpool Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic congregation of the United Methodist Church in downtown London Ohio United States. Founded in London's earliest years the congregation worships in a historic church building that was built in the 1890s.
 Parndon Abbey was an abbey in Essex England.
 L'Hermitage is a Greek Revival plantation home. Marius Pons Bringier commissioned the home to be built in Burnside Louisiana as a wedding gift for his son Michel Doradou in 1812. Michel served as an aide to Andrew Jackson on the Chalmette battlefield in the War of 1812. L'Hermitage was named after General Andrew Jackson's home in Tennessee. The Jacksons visited here in the 1820s.
 Arrowhead Regional Medical Center (ARMC) is a teaching hospital located in Colton California within Southern California's Inland Empire. ARMC is owned and operated by the County of San Bernardino The emergency room at ARMC is the second busiest emergency room in the state of California. The hospital operates ten different residency training programs.
 The Miles House is a historic building located at 631 Woodland Street in Nashville TennesseeIt was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 8 1978.Since 1978 the Miles House has been cared for by Phillip Miller and is currently home to the Miller Law Offices.
 St Tudwal's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Barmouth Gwynedd. It is situated on the King Edward Road leading from Barmouth to Llanaber. It was built in 1905 and is in the Dolgellau Deanery of the Diocese of Wrexham.
 St. John of Rila Church (Bulgarian: Църква Св. Иван Рилски / Tsarkva Sveti Ivan Rilski) is an Eastern Orthodox church building in Targovishte. It is named after the Bulgarian Saint John of Rila (876 – c. 946) who was the first Bulgarian hermit.The construction of the church started in 1912 but soon after that it was stopped because of the Balkan War. Finally it was completed in 1936. In 1961 unique wood-carved chancel-screen was made by professor Petar Kushlev.
 Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center Memorial Campus was a hospital that was located at 300 N. Prairie Ave Inglewood California USA. The hospital was operated by Centinela Freeman HealthSystem and was one of the three campuses of the Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center. The hospital was founded by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet in 1954 as Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital named after Daniel Freeman founder of the city of Inglewood.
 Bloomfield also known as Holly Knoll is a historic home located near Herndon Fairfax County Virginia. It was built about 1858 and is a two-story five bay red brick I-house with a two-story service wing. The front facade has small one-story front portico with a flat roof is supported by four plain square posts. The house has Federal / Greek Revival-style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The Dover Church in Dover Idaho USA was designed by Whitehouse & Price and was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Buckton Castle is a medieval ringwork near Carrbrook Stalybridge England. It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument due to its proximity to the Buckton Vale Quarry. The castle is oval with a stone curtain wall 3 metres (10 ft) wide surrounded by a ditch 10 metres (33 ft) wide and 6 metres (20 ft) deep. Buckton Castle was probably constructed for William de Neville in the late 12th century; it was lying derelict by 1360.
 Shipley Hall was a country estate near Heanor and Ilkeston in Derbyshire England which now forms a Country Park.
 The Cada C. Boak House located on Ellis St. in Tonopah Nevada is a stone house that was built in 1906 by one A.P. Kanters. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The house is significant for association with important Nevadan Cada C. Boak who bought the house in 1910 and lived there for the rest of his life.
 St. James Episcopal Church and Rectory is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Episcopal church and its rectory locate in Kittrell Vance County North Carolina. The rectory is located directly behind the church and also has board and batten walls.On December 14 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places
 The Fripp-Fishburne House is a historic building in Walterboro South Carolina United States (32°54′15″N 80°39′58″W). Built in 1889 it has been renovated several times and currently serves as a private residence.The house is located at 474 Hampton Street in the Walterboro historic district which is about an hour drive from either Charleston South Carolina or Savannah Georgia.The house was originally a one-story home built by Lewis Fripp in 1889.
 The Musée de l'Institut Fondamental d'Afrique Noire or IFAN Museum of African Arts in Dakar Senegal is one of the oldest art museums in West Africa. It was promoted by Léopold Senghor the country's first President. In December 2007 its official title was changed to The Théodore Monod African Art Museum (Musée Théodore Monod d'Art africain) after the French naturalist Théodore André Monod former director of IFAN.
 Syningthwaite Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire England.
 Puebla Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Puebla in Puebla Mexico. It is a colonial cathedral and is the see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles. The cathedral's bishop is Víctor Sánchez Espinosa. The cathedral is dedicated to the Immaculate Conception.
 Park Towne Place is a historic apartment complex located in the Franklintown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four 20-story buildings a one-story restaurant underground parking garage and pool and spa complex. They were built between 1957 and 1959 and are in the International style.
 The Nuruosmaniye Mosque (Turkish: Nuruosmaniye Camii) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Çemberlitaş neighbourhood of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey.
 Quality Hill also known as the John Thomson Mason House is a historic building located at 3425 Prospect Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 The Tempel Synagogue (Polish: Synagoga Tempel) is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Kraków Poland in the Kazimierz district. Tempel Synagogue is not only a major place of worship but also a booming center of Jewish culture which hosts numerous concerts and meetings especially during the Festival.
 The Church of St John the Baptist Maddermarket is a redundant Anglican church in the city of Norwich Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Star City (Hangul: 스타 시티) is a shopping center located in Jayang-dong Seoul South Korea. The October 2008 completion of the center was noted as being the main cause of increase in traffic on Seoul Subway Line 2 during the first half of 2009.
 Al-Otrush Mosque (Arabic: جامع الأطروش‎) also known as Demirdash Mosque is a mosque in the Syrian city of Aleppo located at the south of the Citadel in al-A'jam district of the Ancient City few meters away from Al-Sultaniyah Madrasa. It was built at the end of the 14th century by the efforts of the Mamluk ruler of Aleppo; Aqbogha al-Otrush.
 The Kaneohe Ranch Building at Castle Junction where the Pali Highway (Route 61) Kamehameha Highway (Route 83) and Kalanianaʻole Highway (Route 72) intersect on the windward side of Oʻahu was built in 1940 to be the headquarters of Kaneohe Ranch which owned 12000 acres (49 km2) of surrounding land and played a major role in the history of Kāneʻohe and Kailua.
 Hospital Punta Pacifica is a hospital in Panama City Panama. It is the only hospital in Central America to be affiliated with Johns Hopkins Medicine International. Attracting medical tourism is a major component of its operating plan.
 The Wilcox Female Institute is a historic Greek Revival-style school building in Camden Alabama. The two-story brick structure was built between 1845 and 1850 as a boarding school for girls. The school closed in 1910 and the building was then used by the Wilcox County school system for over 50 years. It was acquired by the Wilcox Historical Society in 1976. The group made it into their official headquarters. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 1975.
 Blair Flats also known as the Blair Arcade Building is a Victorian residential building designed by Hermann Kretz and William H. Thomas in 1887 located in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. The building is located on the intersection of Western and Selby Avenues. It is also a contributing property to the Historic Hill District. Construction materials are sandstone and brick.
 The Hostetter Inn was built in 1832 and remained in the Hostetter family until the 20th century. The inn located in Lisbon Ohio was added to the National Register of Historic Places in September 1980.The inn remains essentially the same as when it was built though there have been some modifications to the exterior of the building.
 The Sherman U.S. Post Office and Courthouse also known as Sherman U.S. Federal Building in Sherman Texas was built in 1907. It reflects Renaissance architecture. It served historically as a post office and as a courthouse. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Bowman House is a log house in Boonsboro Maryland United States typical of those built in the area in the early 19th century. It and its immediate grounds housed the Boonsboro Pottery from 1868 owned by John E. Bowman. The pottery closed by 1908 succumbing to mass-produced materials. The building is now the headquarters of the Boonsboro Historical Society.
 The former Jesuit Church (Église des Jésuites) is the parish church Sainte-Trinité-et-Saint-Georges which is the main Roman Catholic sanctuary of Molsheim France and the principal 17th-century church building in the Rhine Valley. The church was built between 1615 and 1617 by the German architect Christoph Wamser and consecrated on 26 August 1618.
 The Aldus Chapin Higgins House is a historic house at 1 John Wing Road on the campus of Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI) in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story house was designed by Grosvenor Atterbury although Aldus Chapin Higgins the owner had likely made sketches and other design notes for some years before hiring Atterbury.
 The St. Nicholas Roman Catholic Cathedral (Ukrainian: Костел Св. Миколи; translit.: Kostol Sv. Mykoly) is the second Roman Catholic cathedral built in Kyiv the capital of Ukraine. Today the building is shared between the Roman Catholic Church of Ukraine and the National House of Organ and Chamber Music. Another Catholic church the St.
 The William Seabrook House also known as the Seabrookor the Dodge Plantation is a house built about 1810 on Edisto Island South Carolina United States southwest of Charleston. It is located off Steamboat Landing Road Extension (South Carolina State Highway 10-768) close to Steamboat Creek about 0.7 mi (1.1 km) from Steam Boat Landing. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1971.
 The Saint Constantine and Elena Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Sfinții Împărați Constantin și Elena) is a cathedral in Bălți Moldova.
 Olive View – UCLA Medical Center is a hospital funded by Los Angeles County located in the Sylmar neighborhood of Los Angeles California USA. It is one of the primary healthcare delivery systems in the north San Fernando Valley especially the area's large indigent population. Olive View is also the closest county hospital serving the Antelope Valley after High Desert Hospital was converted to an urgent care clinic in 2003.
 Bell Trinity Square is an office complex occupying part of the former site of the historic Eaton's Annex in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. The name is a combination of: the name of original and now former occupant Bell Canada; and the location of the site south of the Church of the Holy Trinity and Trinity Square.Built in from 1980 to 1983 and designed by architect John B. Parkin the post modern complex consists of 15 floor and 10 floor towers connected by a glass atrium.
 NE Pacific Mall is a shopping mall located in Brgy. H. Concepcion Maharlika Highway Cabanatuan City Nueva Ecija. It is developed by Landco Pacific Corporation and managed by the NE Group of Companies which also developed the Lakewood City Golf Course and Residential Complex and NE Mall both in the City of Cabanatuan.
 The Tower Building is a historic skyscraper in South Bend Indiana United States. Designed by architects Austin & Shambleau it was built in 1929 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Von Hoffman House at Broadway and 5th St. in Medora North Dakota was built in 1884. Known also as the Medora Doll House it is a common-bond brick house that is a work of Peter Book. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing structure.The home was commissioned by the Marquis de Mores.Peter Book was also a builder of St. Mary's Catholic Church which is also NRHP-listed.
 New Roxbury Ironworks Site is a historic site in Woodstock Connecticut.It was founded in 1757 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Winn Correctional Center is a state prison for men part of the Louisiana Department of Corrections prison system located about 10 miles southeast of Winnfield in Winn Parish Louisiana. As of February 2014 Winn is one of several privately operated prisons in the state. The facility is medium-security and currently houses 1538 inmates. Opened in 1990 it was expanded in 1992.Winn opened as the first privately managed medium-security prison in the United States.
 The Gold Houses also known as the Gold Brothers' Houses are two historic homes located at Mason Mason County West Virginia. The two houses were built in 1908 and are 2 1/2 story mirrored pair frame dwellings in the Queen Anne style. They feature pyramidal shaped slate roofs that curve outward to the eaves. They also have wraparound porches enclosed by a spindled balustrade with a circular roof at one corner.
 St. Catharine's Church Nottingham was a parish church in the Church of England in Nottingham.
 St Luke's Church Stoke Bardolph is a parish church in the Church of England in Stoke Bardolph.
 Puente Blanco is a railway bridge that spans hundred and fifty feet deep and thirty six metres wide gorge across the Quebrada Mala Canyon near Quebradillas Puerto Rico. The bridge is the only reinforced concrete bridge in the area and the highest of its kind in Puerto Rico. It was built in 1922 by the American Railroad Company to replace an 1907 steel bridge as part of the construction of the national railway system that connected the island during the first half of the twentieth century.
 Hospital Infanto Juvenil Dra. Carolina Tobar Garcia (nickname: Tobar Garcia) is a psychiatric hospital for children and young people in Barracas Buenos Aires Argentina. Founded in 1968 it is named for Ora Carolina Tobar Garcia (1897–1962) who was notable in Argentina in the field of child and adolescent neuropsychiatry.Tobar Garcia is one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only facility in the city that specializes in mental illness in children and adolescents.
 St. Peter's by-the-Sea Episcopal Church also known as St. Peter's by the Sea or St. Peter's Episcopal Church in Sitka Alaska is a historic church that was built in 1899. The rose window of the church includes a Star of David.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Peter's Church in 1978.Its Alaska site number is AHRS Site No. SIT-029.
 The McPherson Town Historic District contains roughly 90 structures located on the north side of downtown Dayton Ohio just on the other side of the Great Miami River.
 Lincoln the Lawyer also known as The Young Circuit Lawyer Young Lincoln or simply Abraham Lincoln is a Lorado Taft sculpture now located on the 1000 block of Race Street Urbana Illinois across from Urbana High School in Carle Park. The statue was dedicated by Taft on July 3 1927. It was moved to the eastern entrance of Carle Park on December 4 1927 when it was first placed on a pedestal facing due east.
 The Rockport Downtown Main Street Historic District encompasses part of the historic center of Rockport Massachusetts. The district extends along Main Street from its junction with Beech Street in the west to just east of its junction with School Street. The area is just west of Rockport's noted Bearskin Neck area. Most of the 28 properties in the district are commercial buildings; there are also three churches a library and a number of residences.
 St Peirio's Church Rhosbeirio is a small disused medieval church in Anglesey north Wales. It is unclear when a church was first established on this site although it has been said that this happened in about 605. The current structure which may date from the 15th century has been restored in the 18th and 19th centuries.
 Craigie Arms is a historic apartment house at 2-6 University Road 122 Mt. Auburn and 6 Bennett Streets in Cambridge Massachusetts. Located in Harvard Square the Georgian Revival four story brick building was built in 1897 to meet local demand for apartment-style housing.
 Stranda Church (Norwegian: Stranda kyrkje) also known as Sløgstad Church is a parish church in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stranda along the western shore of the Storfjorden. The church is part of the Stranda parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden octagonal church was built in 1838 to replace an older church on the site. There has been a church at this site for centuries.
 St. Thomas' Episcopal Church is located on Leedsville Road (Dutchess County Route 2) in Amenia Union New York United States. It is a mid-19th century brick church designed by Richard Upjohn in the Gothic Revival architectural style built for a congregation organized shortly before.It is considered one of the finest American imitations of an English country parish church. Inside it has a historic organ and Tiffany stained glass windows.
 Great Mosque of Nablus (Arabic: جامع نابلس الكبير‎ Jami' Nablus al-Kebir) is the oldest and largest mosque in the Palestinian city of Nablus. It was originally built as a Byzantine church and was converted into a mosque during the early Islamic era. The Crusaders transformed it into a church in the 11th century but it was reconsecrated as a mosque by the Ayyubids in the 12th century.
 Vinohrady cemetery (in Czech: Vinohradský hřbitov) is a large cemetery in Vinohrady in Prague 10 which contains Strašnice Crematorium the largest crematory in Europe in terms of area. The remains of two Czech presidents are in this cemetery. President Václav Havel was a national hero whereas the other president did not have his name put on his gravestone when he was buried in 1945.
 The Art Museum of the University of Memphis (officially known as the Art Museum at the University of Memphis or simply as AMUM) is located at 3750 Norriswood Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA. It is the principal art museum of the University of Memphis. The museum was opened in 1981 as The University Gallery; in 1994 the gallery received its present name.The museum is open from Monday to Saturday from 9 am until 5 pm it is closed on University holidays.
 Northland Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in East Preston approximately 11 km north of the Melbourne Central Business District in Victoria. Its motto is Style Up. It is the largest predominantly single-level shopping centre in Melbourne.It has more than 330 stores all spread on one floor but the cinemas Timezone arcade and Pancake Parlour is on the top level.
 The Korenbeurs (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈkʊːrənˌbʏːrs]; English: Grain Exchange) is a neoclassical building in Groningen in the Netherlands. It was originally used as an exchange for food grain trade. Its current tenant is Albert Heijn.The building is a rijksmonument (national heritage site) since 1971 and is one of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites that was selected in 1990.
 Wat Buddhavas is a Buddhist Temple located on Spindle Dr. at Antoine Rd. in Houston Texas.
 Rufus Wilson Complex is a group of historic buildings located at Clear Spring Washington County Maryland United States. The property includes a complex of mid-late 19th century buildings which create the center of a small rural settlement named Conococheague located on the National Road. The main house is a large brick dwelling with a mansard roof.
 Louttit Laundry (or What Cheer Steam Laundry) was a historic site at 93 Cranston Street in Providence Rhode Island. It was demolished in 2008.The site was built in 1925 in a Colonial Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.In 2001 a fire destroyed most of the building leaving it open to the elements. In 2008 the city deemed the site unsafe and it was demolished by the J.R. Vinagro Corp. Today (2012) it is a vacant lot.
 The South Peace Centennial Museum is an open-air museum in central Alberta Canada. The museum's buildings include homesteaders' cabins a trading post church school grist mill community hall general store blacksmith shop barn carriage house and railway buildings. The museum also features an extensive collection of antique tractors steam engine stationary engines horse-drawn wagons carriages and antique automobiles.
 St Matthew’s Church Boughton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Boughton Nottinghamshire.
 The Sanctuary of Fátima (Portuguese: Santuário de Fátima) which is also referred to (incorrectly) as the Basilica of Our Lady of Fátima(Portuguese: Basilica de Nossa Senhora de Fátima) is a group of Roman Catholic buildings and structures in the (civil parish) of Fátima in the municipality of Ourém in Portugal.In addition to the Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary (Portuguese: Basilicia da Nossa Senhora de Rosário) Chapel of the Lausperene (Portuguese: Capela de Lausperene) a great oak tree (on which the Marian Apparitions occurred) a monument to the Sacred Heart of Jesus (Portuguese: Monumento ao Sagrado Coração de Jesus) and the Chapel of the Apparitions (Portuguese: Capelinha das Aparições) where three children Lucia Santos and her cousins Jacinta and Francisco Marto were first visited by Mary. 
 The parishes to which the Forrabury and Minster parish churches belong were united in 1779 to form Forrabury and Minster ecclesiastical parish within Cornwall England UK. The main settlement in the parish is Boscastle.The original Forrabury / Minster boundary crossed the river so the harbour end of the village was in Forrabury and the upriver area in Minster. The churches were established some time earlier than the settlement at Boscastle (in Norman times when a castle was built there).
 Lowell Correctional Institution located in unincorporated Marion County Florida near Ocala was the first Florida prison for women. It was opened in April 1956 as the Florida Correctional Institution. It houses community minimum medium and close custody inmates. At the time it was opened Lowell was the only prison that housed solely female offenders in the state.
 Bowman's Castle also known as Nemacolin Castle was built in present-day Brownsville Pennsylvania at the western terminus of the Nemacolin's Trail on the east bank of the Monongahela river. It replaced a wooden trading post built near the site of Fort Burd the latter built by British colonists during the French and Indian War. Construction on the castle including addition of a crenellated tower continued through the Victorian era when it was considered an engineering marvel.
 Sujata Sadan is a theatre auditorium in Kolkata West Bengal. The theatre auditorium is located at 107 Harish Mukherjee Road Kolkata 700026. Bengali theatre group like Swapnasandhani regularly perform in this auditorium.
 The Paintsville Public Library Building is a historic building located at 305 Second Street in Paintsville Kentucky. It was constructed by the WPA in 1934. The library closed in the 1940s and was replaced by the Johnson County Public Library on February 3 1947 which utilized the building until the 1960s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 26 1989. It now serves as the board of education for the Paintsville Independent School District.
 Nearpass House was a historic home located at Mill Rift Westfall Township Pike County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1820 and was a small 1 1/2-story wooden dwelling of post-and-beam construction. A lean-to addition was built about 1840 and the building was sided and roofed in the 20th century. Maintenance was neglected however and it was demolished by the current owner Paul Farrell around 2007.
 The Robert M. Lamp House (1903) is a residence at 22 N. Butler Street in Madison Wisconsin designed by Frank Lloyd Wright for Robie Lamp (1866–1916) a realtor insurance agent and Madison City Treasurer.
 The DeWitt-Seitz Building is a building located in the Canal Park neighborhood of Duluth Minnesota United States. The building was designed in 1909 in the commercial style popularized by Louis Sullivan. Its original tenant the DeWitt-Seitz Company was a furniture jobber and mattress manufacturer.
 The New Almaden quicksilver mine in the Capitancillas range in Santa Clara County California United States is the oldest and most productive quicksilver (i.e. mercury) mine in the U.S. The site was known to the Ohlone Indians for its cinnabar long before a Mexican settler discovered the ores in 1820. By the time they were identified as mercury the mine was perfectly timed to supply the California Gold Rush. The mine ran intermittently after 1927 and eventually closed.
 St Andrew's Church Walpole is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Walpole Norfolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is sited in the north part of the village known as Walpole St Andrew 8 miles (13 km) west of King's Lynn to the south of the A17 road.
 Gjerstad Church (Norwegian: Gjerstad kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Gjerstad. The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1870 by the builder Ole Vangberg.The church is the third church to stand on this site. The first church existed during the middle ages and it was a stave church.
 Mayfield Cottage is a historic plantation home located on the grounds of Central State Hospital near Petersburg Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story brick Colonial era mansion. The building features a jerkin-head roof and distinctive interior woodwork. It is believed to be the oldest existing brick house in Dinwiddie County. Since 1882 the property has been used by the hospital for its headquarters and the house became part of the hospital complex.
 Festival Place is a shopping centre in Basingstoke Hampshire England which opened on Tuesday 22 October 2002. It houses over 200 shops including large stores such as BHS Debenhams Marks and Spencer Apple Store and HMV. There are also restaurants bars and cafés mostly located outside in the covered Festival Square.The centre also incorporates a Vue cinema Wonderland Nightclub the Sports Centre and Basingstoke Discovery Centre.
 The Beaumont Commercial District is located in Downtown Beaumont Texas. The district consists of various styles of buildings including 6 highrises built before 1932. The district is registered on the National Register of Historic Places as a U.S. Historic District. The historic district is roughly bounded by Willow Neches Gilbert and Main Streets. The Old Spanish Trail (U.S. Route 90) travels through Downtown on Willow Park Pearl and College Streets.
 University Club Tower is a condominium tower in Milwaukee Wisconsin. At 446 feet the tower is the tallest residential building in Wisconsin and third tallest building overall in Milwaukee (and Wisconsin). It is located in Milwaukee's East Town neighborhood adjacent to the shoreline of Lake Michigan.The originally planned tower was designed by Santiago Calatrava (who had just designed the Milwaukee Art Museum) in 2001 and was to have only 25 stories.
 The Wilson Building is an historic 12-story building in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas Texas. The building was completed in 1904 and patterned after the Palais Garnier in Paris France. The historic structure fronts Main Street on the south Ervay Street on the east and Elm Street on the north. The Wilson building was the tallest structure in Dallas from 1904–1909 and was considered the premier commercial structure west of the Mississippi.
 The royal Château de Chambord at Chambord Loir-et-Cher France is one of the most recognizable châteaux in the world because of its very distinct French Renaissance architecture which blends traditional French medieval forms with classical Renaissance structures.
 Pragathi composite school or Pragathi Bal Bhavan is a school located in Sagar Shimogga district Karnataka India. Previously located in an old building(Kanle devappana chattra) near the town center. At present the school is located in a new building on the Jog falls road.Pragathi composite school is known for its quality education talented teachers and history and has produced some of the best minds for the country. Its also known for various cultural and sports activities.
 The Quackenbush Hardware Store located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The store opened in 1903 under the name J. W. Quackenbush's selling farm implements hardware and horse-drawn vehicles. Gradually the inventory shifted to kitchen items and dinnerware toys and gift items.
 St. Thomas Anglican Church is a small country church located at the corner of Range 5 West and Montee du Quatre in Lochaber-Partie-Ouest Quebec. Built in 1877 the church is a simple one room log structure with no running water or telephone. Electricity was brought to the premise in the mid-twentieth century and is now used to heat and light the facility.
 Petrobrazi Refinery is one of the largest Romanian refineries and one of the largest in Eastern Europe located in Ploieşti Prahova County having as a main activity the processing of Romanian oil but also has a separate unit specialised in processing chemical products. The refinery has two processing modules with a nominal capacity of 3.5 million tonnes/year each and a total capacity of 7 million tonnes/year.
 Kit's Coty House or Kit's Coty is the name of the remains of a Neolithic chambered long barrow on Blue Bell Hill near Aylesford in the English county of Kent. One of the Medway megaliths constructed in the vicinity of the River Medway Kit's Coty House are located close to five other surviving chambered long barrows: the Coldrum Stones Addington long barrow Chestnuts long barrow the Countless Stones and Coffin Stone.
 Vassfjell Chapel (Norwegian: Vassfjellkapellet) is a chapel in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located on the northeastern side of the mountain Vassfjellet. There is no road access to the chapel but there is a hiking path from a parking lot on the Trondheim-Klæbu border.The church was built in 1974 and was consecrated by the Bishop Tord Godal. The church is a part of the Klæbu parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Gothelney Manor Farmhouse which is also known as Gothelney Hall at Gothelney Green in the parish of Spaxton Somerset England was built in the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The site was used for an earlier building dated by dendrochronology to between 1238 and 1411.The tall house in the centre of the building dates from the 15th century however this was extended in the 16th century with further additions and renovations in the 17th and 19th centuries.
 Rockaway Townsquare (commonly referred to as Rockaway Mall or Rockaway Townsquare Mall) is a two-level super regional shopping mall located on Interstate 80 and Mount Hope Avenue in Rockaway Township New Jersey. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1248000 ft² (114000 m²). Rockaway Townsquare is currently owned by the Simon Property Group. It features a gross leasable area of 1248000 sq ft (115900 m2) placing it in the top ten among the largest shopping malls in New Jersey.
 Bethlehem Methodist Church is a historic church in Wildwood Tennessee.The church was organized in 1886 and its Gothic Revival building was completed that same year. The church building has a gable front and a prominent bell tower.
 The Square Schoolhouse was built in 1850 as the first schoolhouse in Nottingham New Hampshire. It was closed as a school in 1920. The schoolhouse is now owned by the Else Cilley Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution It is named not for its shape but for its location in Nottingham Square.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The second floor of the schoolhouse is operated as the Square Schoolhouse Museum by the Nottingham Historical Society.
 The Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District is a 9.8-acre (4.0 ha) historic district in Oskaloosa Iowa that includes Early Commercial Italianate and Romanesque Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The listing included 68 contributing buildings.The district includes the Mahaska County Courthouse and the Oskaloosa City Park and Band Stand and the Oskaloosa City Hall which are separately listed on the National Register.
 St. Agnes Cathedral is a Christian church located in Kyoto Japan and is the diocesan Cathedral of the Diocese of Kyoto which comprises all the Anglican-Episcopal churches and other facilities in Fukui Ishikawa Kyoto and Toyama Prefectures.
 The Buenos Aires Central Post and Communications Office is a public building and landmark in the San Nicolás district of Buenos Aires.
 Tingvoll Church (Norwegian: Tingvoll kyrkje) is a parish church in Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Tingvollvågen. The church is the main church of the Tingvoll parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is one of the few remaining old stone churches that was built in Norway. There is some uncertainty as to when it was actually constructed but records indicate it was between 1150 and 1200.
 The Metropolitan Tabernacle is a large Independent Reformed Baptist church in the Elephant and Castle in London. It was the largest non-conformist church of its day in 1861. The Tabernacle Fellowship have been worshipping together since 1650 soon after the sailing of the Pilgrim Fathers. Its first pastor was William Rider and many notable others have filled the position since including Benjamin Keach Dr. John Gill Dr. John Rippon and CH Spurgeon.
 Pelişor Castle (Romanian: Castelul Pelişor) is a castle in Sinaia Romania part of the same complex as the larger castle of Peleş.
 The C.W. Dickey House at 3030 Kalakaua Avenue in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was one of the earliest residences designed by C.W. Dickey in his Hawaiian style after he resettled in the islands in 1925. He built it for himself and lived in it from 1926 until 1933 when he built himself a rather less humble dwelling at Makalei Place on the front slope of Diamond Head.
 Urbis is an exhibition and museum venue in Manchester England designed by Ian Simpson and completed in 2002. From 2002 to 2010 the centre hosted changing exhibits on popular-culture themes including urban living art music fashion photography and videogames alongside talks gigs and special events. In 2012 it re-opened as the permanent National Football Museum.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul dominates the village of Bleadon Somerset England.It was built in the 14th century (dedicated in 1317) being restored and the chancel shortened in the mid 19th century.
 Old Runnymede Church (St. Patrick's Episcopal Church ) is a historic church at 11th and Pine Streets in Harper Kansas.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 The William H. Holcomb House also known by Carl Vandre House is located in the Ogle County Illinois city of Rochelle. An elegant Italianate structure the Holcomb House has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.
 Burkhardt Historic District is located in Chesterfield Missouri. The original listing on the National Register of Historic Places occurred in 2000 and included the properties from 16662-16678 Chesterfield Airport Road. A boundary increase in 2006 added the even numbered properties only from 16626-16660 Chesterfield Airport Road. Architecture in the combined district includes Bungalow/Craftsman and Late Victorian styles.
 Hafodunos Hall is a Gothic revival house located near the village of Llangernyw in Wales. Designed by Sir George Gilbert Scott it was built between 1861 and 1866 for Henry Robertson Sandbach replacing a house that had been built in 1674.
 The Bridgeton House on the Delaware was built in 1836 as a private residence along the Delaware River in Bucks County Pennsylvania. The building has served as an luxury inn for many years but throughout its long history has served as a general store bakery pool hall real estate offices and apartments. The inn witnessed the Flood of 1903 in which the Delaware River swept away the wooden bridge that connected the village of Upper Black Eddy Pennsylvania to Milford New Jersey.
 Whitaker's Mill Historic District is a national historic district near Joppa Harford County Maryland United States. It includes three early- to mid-19th-century buildings: the 2 1⁄2-story rubble stone Whitaker's Mill built in 1851 the 1 1⁄2-story rubble stone miller's house and the log-and-frame Magness House begun about 1800 as the miller's house for the first mill on the site. The district also includes an iron truss bridge known as Harford County Bridge No.
 The Civic in Manchester Street Christchurch Central City was one of the former civic buildings of Christchurch City Council (CCC). Built in 1900 it was first used as an exhibition hall a cinema and then a theatre. It burned down in 1917. The northern part of the building was purchased by CCC and opened as the civic office in 1924 and served this purpose until 1980. After that it had several uses including a restaurant bar and live music venue.
 The Metropolitan Savings Bank Building opened on May 22 1867 at the northeast corner of Third Avenue (Manhattan) – now Cooper Square – and East 7th Street in New York City.
 The Great Sierra Mine Historic Site preserves the site of the largest mining operation in what would become Yosemite National Park. The mine was located on Tioga Hill on the crest and eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada one of several claims intended to work the Sheepherder silver lode. The Sheepherder lode was discovered in 1860 and rediscovereed by shepherd Thomas Brusky Jr. who staked a number of claims in the area.
 The F. H. Miller House located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building houses the Office of Alumni and Parent Relations for Saint Ambrose University and is called Alumni House.
 The Gateway Club is a historic building in Waynesville North Carolina. Originally constructed in 1927 as a meeting hall for a local area Masonic Lodge it is now a private club and catering venue.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Dr. B. Stauffer House is a historic home located at South Londonderry Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1848 and is a 2 1/2-story 3-bay wide by 4-bay brick residence in a vernacular Georgian style. It has a hipped roof with a flat roofed dormer over the central bay. The house has a connected brick smokehouse and features a two-story verandah. The house once included an apothecary shop.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Broadmeadows Shopping Centre is a single-level enclosed shopping centre in the northern Melbourne suburb of Broadmeadows. It has annual turnover of $322M and a total retail area of 61164 m².
 Four historic sites within the St. John's Catholic Cemetery near Zeeland North Dakota United States identified as St. John's Cemetery Wrought-Iron Cross Site A St. John's Cemetery Wrought-Iron Cross Site B Site C and Site D were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. They include wrought-iron crosses. The listing for Site A included 9 contributing objects; Site B included 6; Site C included just one; Site D included 9.
 The Ursuline Academy is a historic convent and former Catholic parochial school located at 2300 Central Avenue in Great Falls Montana in the United States. Constructed by the Ursuline Sisters a Catholic religious institute for women the building was complete in 1912. It was originally known as the Ursuline Academy Boarding and Day School a school for children age five to 12.The building came to be known as Ursuline Centre in 1971.
 The Khusruwiyah Mosque (Arabic: جامع الخسروية‎) is a mosque complex in Aleppo Syria. It is located south of the Citadel facing its main entrance. The mosque was built under the patronage of the Hüsrev Pasha while he was serving as the fourth vizier under Sultan Suleiman I. It is one of the early mosques by renowned court architect Mimar Sinan and the first Ottoman monument of the city.
 Public School No. 10 is a historic school building located at Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1898 and is an H shaped three story hard glazed orange brick building on an elevated basement in the Georgian Revival style. It has limestone and terra cotta trim. The entrance features a projecting terra cotta portico on a raised brick and limestone base. It was converted to multi-family housing in 1992.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Boston Children's Hospital is a 395-licensed-bed children's hospital in the Longwood Medical and Academic Area of Boston Massachusetts.At 300 Longwood Avenue Children's is adjacent both to its teaching affiliate Harvard Medical School and to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
 Dillard Barn is a historic tobacco curing barn located near Mullins Marion County South Carolina. It was built about 1894-1895 and is a log barn supported by a brick foundation with a dirt floor. It was constructed in a single pen plan and the logs are saddle notched with a chinking of brick and clay.
 Metzo is a restaurant chain in Ireland that is owned by Egan Hospitality. Some restaurants are located next to a Travelodge hotel. In 2005 the restaurant chain Little Chef sold most its Irish restaurants to Egan Hospitality and the restaurants were rebranded as Metzo.
 The Main Street Historic District in Marion North Carolina is a 21-acre (8.5 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. As of 1991 it included 36 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area and one other contributing site.Specifically included in the Main Street Historic District are: four churches: St. John's Episcopal Church (1882) First Baptist (1914) First Presbyterian (1923) and St.
 Thomas McLean House is a historic home located at Battenville in Washington County New York. It was built between about 1795 and 1867 and consists of a five-bay 2-story main block with two 1 1⁄2-story wings. Also on the property are two timber-frame barns a 1-story commercial building shed and remains of a stone foundation. It is located across from the Stoops Hotel.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Broad Street Wesleyan Chapel was a former Methodist Chapel in Nottingham from 1839 to 1954. The building is now occupied by the Broadway Cinema.
 Maple Lawn Farm is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The frame house was constructed in the 1880s in the Stick Style. It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story T-shaped section on the east a 2-story rear wing and a 1-story modern addition. Also on the property is a bank barn built in three stages with sections dating to the early or mid 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Croatian Railway Museum (Croatian: Hrvatski željeznički muzej) is a specialized technical museum in Croatian capital Zagreb.
 The Dighton Rock is a 40-ton boulder originally located in the riverbed of the Taunton River at Berkley Massachusetts (formerly part of the town of Dighton). The rock is noted for its petroglyphs (primarily lines geometric shapes and schematic drawings of people along with writing both verified and not.) carved designs of ancient and uncertain origin and the controversy about their creators.
 Truro Anglican Church is an Anglican church in Fairfax Virginia USA.
 Rampside Gas Terminal is a gas terminal situated in Barrow-in-Furness Cumbria on the Irish Sea coast. It connects to gas fields in Morecambe Bay.
 1515 Poydras (formerly the Gulf Building) located at 1515 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 29-story 341-foot (104 m)-tall skyscraper.
 The Museum of Liverpool in Liverpool England is the newest addition to the National Museums Liverpool group having opened in 2011 replacing the former Museum of Liverpool Life. National Museums Liverpool intention is for the new venue to tell the story of Liverpool and its people and reflect the city’s global significance. The museum is housed in a new purpose-built building on the Mann Island site at the Pier Head.
 The Infomart is one of the largest buildings in Dallas Texas (USA). It was the world’s first and only information processing marketing center.
 The Maxwell-Kirby House is a historic home located at 8671 Northshore Drive in Knoxville Tennessee. it is also known as William Maxwell House. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently a private residence.The Robert Maxwell House sits on a rise facing southeast at the end of a long gravel drive that travels north and west from Northshore Drive about ten miles (16 km) from downtown Knoxville in Knox County Tennessee.
 National Park Service Southwest Regional Office also known as National Park Service Region III Headquarters Building is an office building in Santa Fe New Mexico. Designed by NPS architect Cecil J.
 La Rabida Children’s Hospital is a pediatric specialty hospital for extended acute care that caters to children with lifelong medical conditions. Located on the South Side of Chicago on Lake Michigan the facility is designed to showcase its lakeside views. La Rabida serves approximately 9000 children annually who require primary and specialty care to address complex and challenging medical conditions. The hospital provides care to all patients regardless of the family’s ability to pay.
 The North Middlesex University Hospital NHS Trust known locally as North Mid is a District General Hospital (DGH) in Edmonton in the London Borough of Enfield. The Trust is led by John Carrier Chairman and Julie Lowe Chief Executive Officer supported by full-time Executive Directors and part-time independent Non-Executive Directors appointed by the NHS Appointments Commission.
 The Eckle Round Barn was located near Shelby in rural Pottawattamie County Iowa. It was built in 1928 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building was a true round barn that measured 54 feet (16.5 m) around. The barn featured white horizontal siding a two-pitch sectional roof aerator and a 14 foot (4.3 m) silo. The structure has subsequently been torn down.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic Cathedral located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Camden and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as the Church of the Immaculate Conception. Built in 1864 it was officially designated as a cathedral in 1937.
 The Renaissance Dallas Hotel is a 30-story 137.47 m (451.0 ft) skyscraper hotel in Dallas Texas. The hotel with floors has 514 guest rooms and was completed in 1983. The Renaissance Hotel currently stands as the 24th-tallest building in the city. The building was designed by architect Dahl Braden Chapman. The Renaissance Dallas Hotel used to hold the world's second largest free-standing chandelier in the world. It was just replaced in 2011.
 Millmont Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The property includes the main house a double log house a stone and frame secondary dwelling a large frame bank barn and the site of a grist mill. The main house was built between 1798 and 1821 and is a 2-story five bay stone dwelling with a 1 1/2-story rear wing. It has a vernacular Georgian plan.
 Burg Raabs an der Thaya is a castle in Raabs an der Thaya Lower Austria Austria.
 Immaculate Conception Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Southington Connecticut United States. Founded on September 19 1915. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 The Hill-Physick-Keith House also known as the Hill-Keith-Physick House the Hill-Physick House or simply the Physick House located at 321 S. 4th Street between Cypress and Delancey Streets in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania was the home of Philip Syng Physick (1768-1837) who has been called the father of American surgery.The four-story brick house which features a spacious interior was built in 1786 by wealthy Madeira wine importer Henry Hill.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Medellín is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Medellín.Built in an eclectic but predominantly Romanesque style it is 45 m (147.64 ft) high and covers an area of 5000 m2 (53819.55 sq ft). It is built entirely in baked brick and is the largest cathedral in the world in such material[citation needed].The cathedral houses The Christ of Forgiveness by Colombian artist Francisco Antonio Cano Cardona.
 The Shangri-La at the Fort Manila is a planned luxury mixed-used development featuring a 5-star hotel hotel residences and upscale condominiums located at the Fort Bonifacio Global City Metro Manila Philippines. The new hotel will complement the company’s four existing hotel properties in the Philippines and the Shangri-La Resort and Spa Boracay which opened last April 2009.At 250m tall upon completion it will become one of the tallest skyscrapers in the Philippines.
 The Architects and Engineers Building is a building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota United States designed by locally notable architects Hewitt and Brown and built by builders Pike and Cook. The building was influenced by Hewitt and Brown's relationship with designers who were dedicated to the City Beautiful movement.
 One City Centre is a 410 ft (125 m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas USA made from glass steel and concrete It was completed in 1960. It has 32 floors and is the 41st tallest building in the city. Originally called the First City National Bank Building One City Centre is the first high modern office building built in downtown Houston.
 Château de Malleret is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Cromwell Manor also known as the David Cromwell House and Joseph Sutherland House is located on Angola Road in Cornwall New York United States just south of its intersection with US 9W.
 The Greenville County Museum of Art (GCMA) is an art museum located in Greenville South Carolina. Its collections focus mainly on American art and its holdings include works by Andrew Wyeth Josef Albers Jasper Johns Andy Warhol Romare Bearden Jacob Lawrence Ronnie Landfield Eric Fischl Marylyn Dintenfass and Leon Golub. Southern American and South Carolina-based artists such as Henrietta Johnston are also represented.
 The Château d'Aulteribe is a castle located in Sermentizon in the Puy-de-Dôme département Auvergne central France.Built at the end of the Middle Ages it was altered and restored in the second half of the 19th century. Many of the medieval-style features of the building were added at this time. In 1954 the Marquis Henri de Pierre the last owner bequeathed the château and its contents to the French state.
 The Frederick A. E. Meyer House at 929 East 200 South in Salt Lake City Utah is an Italianate style house that was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Its NRHP nomination in 1983 asserted that the house was one of the best examples of the Italianate architectural style in Utah architecture and ...
 The Beckwith Farmhouse was built in 1810. It was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The listing included three contributing buildings.It is located approximately 3 miles to the northwest of Cazenovia Village and is part of the Cazenovia Town Multiple Resource area.
 Redbank Plaza is a shopping centre in Queensland Australia. Currently the shopping centre on the corner of Collingwood and Namtjira Drives in Redbank near Ipswich is the largest between Indooroopilly and Toowoomba servicing over 17 suburbs in the eastern suburbs of Ipswich. The shopping centre hosts a bus interchange for Westside buslines and is located one kilometre from Redbank QR Citytrain Station. The shopping centre is also adjacent to the M2 (Ipswich Motorway).
 The Dubai World Trade Centre Residence is a 38-floor tower in the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Opened in 2008 World Trade Centre Residence is managed by Jumeirah Living. Jumeirah Living offers a mix of one to four bedroom serviced apartments within the residence for short mid-term and extended stays. The tower has a total structural height of 158 m (518 ft).
 The Permanent System (P system) was a 1950s radar network (P radar net) used for the CONUS manual air defense system and which had a USAF aircraft control and warning (AC&W) organization of personnel and military installations with radars to allow Air Defense Command ground-controlled interception of Cold War bombers attacking the United States.
 Dinópolis located in Teruel Spain is one of the largest museums of paleontology in the world. It also includes some attractions restaurants and shows. The museum comprises three main exhibition halls and a research laboratory.
 Brecknock Hall is a historic home located at Stirling in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1857 and is a 2 1⁄2-story square cut ashlar stone residence in the Italianate style. The central projecting gable has a one room sized cupola centrally located on the roof. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn a small early 20th-century greenhouse and an early 20th-century caretaker's house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Fordingbridge Hospital is a small community hospital in Fordingbridge Hampshire England. The hospital is on the same site as the previous Fordingbridge Infirmary and prior to that the Fordingbridge Workhouse. The buildings are largely original Victorian with a modern ward for inpatients. It is managed by Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust based in Calmore Southampton.
 St Luke's Church Lower Whitley is in the village of Lower Whitley in the civil parish of Whitley Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. It is one of three parish churches in the parish of Aston-by-Sutton Little Leigh and Lower Whitley.
 The Ephesus Archaeological Museum (Turkish: Efes Müzesi) is an archaeological museum in Selçuk near İzmir Turkey. It houses finds from the nearby Ephesus excavation site. Its best-known exhibit is the statue of Artemis retrieved from the temple of the goddess in Ephesus.The other museum with a great number of Ephesus artifacts is the Ephesos Museum in Vienna.Museum is closed since the end of 2012 and restorations will go on for two years till 2014 summer.
 Gokoku-ji (護国寺) is a Shingon Buddhist temple in Tokyo's Bunkyō.
 Bethesda Regional Health Centre formerly Bethesha Hospital is one of four hospitals operated by South Eastman Health the regional health authority. Bethesda is the biggest of these hospitals in the Eastman region of Manitoba. The hospital is located in Steinbach. The hospital was scheduled to undergo an estimated $22 million upgrade to the ER as of 2011 which proceeded by June 2012. The expansion is underway due to the rapid population growth in the city of Steinbach and area.
 Hinchingbrooke Hospital is a small district general hospital in Hinchingbrooke near Huntingdon Cambridgeshire. Opened in 1983 it serves the Huntingdonshire area and has a range of specialities as well as an Accident and Emergency. It has 266 beds including 24 specifically for day cases. It was formerly administered by Hinchingbrooke Health Care NHS Trust until in 2010 it became the first NHS hospital to be run by a private company Circle Health.
 The German Tank Museum (German: Deutsches Panzermuseum) is an armoured fighting vehicle museum in Munster Germany the location of the Munster Training Area camp. Its main aim is the documentation of the history of German armoured troops since 1917. It originated in 1983 from the instructional collection of the Panzertruppenschule the Bundeswehr (German Army) school for training officers and NCO's of German armoured units.
 Beaconsfield located in Houston Texas is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Tarpon Springs High School (also known as the Tarpon Springs City Hall) is a historic school building in Tarpon Springs in the United States state of Florida. It is located at 324 East Pine Street. On October 11 1990 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 399 Park Avenue is a 41-story office building that is the world headquarters of Citigroup in New York City United States.Citigroup's chairman and chief executive officer operate from the building's second floor.
 The University Hospital of Zurich (German: Universitätsspital Zürich USZ) is the university hospital of Zürich Switzerland. It is the country's largest hospital.The first hospital in Zürich whose continuation the University Hospital ultimately is is recorded as having existed as early as 1204. The name location and buildings have since changed many times.
 The Norway Lutheran Church or Muskego Church stands on the edge of the campus of Luther Seminary in Saint Paul Minnesota.
 The Judge Henry F. Gregory House is a historic home in Vero Beach Florida United States. It is located at 2179 10th Avenue. On June 3 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 J. B. Wright House is at 317 Spring Street in Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1912. The home is in the Neo-Colonial Revival style. The house is built with native stone. The house is next door to the Mohave County Court House. Mr. Wright was a civil engineer and contractor who help in building the Mohave County Court House 1914-15. He owned the house until his death in 1944. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001178.
 Buchanan County Courthouse in St. Joseph Missouri was built in 1873. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Buchanan County Courthouse and Jail in 1972. Its boundaries were decreased in an amendment in 1978 and the NRHP listing was renamed as Buchanan County Courthouse apparently excluding the jail.
 Red Horse Tavern also known as Brookside Inn and The Old Stone House is a historic inn and tavern located near Aurora Preston County West Virginia. It was built between 1825 and 1827 as a dwelling. In 1841 it opened as a public inn to serve travelers on the Northwestern Turnpike.
 The Aldrich-Genella House is a historic house located in New Orleans Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 8 1980.
 The Galleria at Crystal Run is a shopping mall in Wallkill New York and is the second largest mall in New York's Hudson Valley region.
 Globe Hotel in McDonough Georgia also known as Dunn House was built in 1827. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Tonapah-Extension Mining Company Power Building is a historic power plant located on Main Street in Tonopah Nevada. The building was constructed by 1920 by the Tonopah Extension Mining Company possibly as a replacement for a 1909 plant. The plant was built with fired brick an unusual construction material in the area.
 Forest Hills Cemetery is a historic 275-acre (1.1 km2) cemetery greenspace arboretum and sculpture garden located in the Forest Hills section of the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The cemetery was designed in 1848.
 The General James Mitchell Varnum House is an historic house at 57 Peirce Street in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The house was built in 1773 for American Revolution General James Mitchell Varnum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Cranbury School is a public PreK-8 school located in and serving Cranbury Township in Middlesex County New Jersey United States.
 Saint Afan's Church Llanafan located 8 miles east of Aberystwyth Ceredigion Wales (SN68387192) was originally founded by Saint Afan in the 6th century.
 The Brauntex Theatre is a former movie palace (now a performing arts theater) located in downtown New Braunfels in the U.S. state of Texas. It was built in the late Art Deco period in 1942. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mathew Geary House is a wood-framed single family home located on Market Street in the city of Mackinac Island Michigan built about 1846. It is owned by the Mackinac Island State Park. The two-story side-gabled frame house has an entrance porch topped with a balustrade and an enclosed side porch. Its raised basement an architectural response to bedrock close to the surface is characteristic of traditional Mackinac Island architecture.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 700 Main Avenue in Brownwood Texas.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Francis' Church Chester is located in Grosvenor Street Chester Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Beit Warszawa is a liberal Jewish congregation officially formed in 1995 in Warsaw. It operates as a full-fledged synagogue with regular events including Friday night and Saturday morning prayers. Beit Warszawa is a member of Beit Polska the umbrella organization for the Progressive/Reform Judaism in Poland.
 The EJZ Bridge over Shoshone River is a Warren pony truss bridge located near Lovell Wyoming which carries Big Horn County Road CN9-111 (Cowley-Lovell Road) across the Shoshone River. Contractors McGuire and Blakeslee built the bridge from 1925 to 1926 using a design by the Wyoming Highway Department. The 389-foot-6-inch (118.72 m) bridge has four spans the second-most of any truss bridge in Wyoming.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 22 1985.
 The Sohmer Piano Building or Sohmer Building is a Neo-classical Beaux-Arts building located at 170 Fifth Avenue at East 22nd Street in the Flatiron District neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan diagonally southwest of the Flatiron Building.
 The Old Rectory in Yatton Somerset England was a Prebendary house built in the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Over the years it has undergone a range of alterations including a mid 19th century rear wing. It is now separated into 2 houses which are occupied separately.
 The Gilpin's Falls Covered Bridge is a Burr arch through truss wooden covered bridge near North East Cecil County Maryland United States. The bridge was constructed by local Cecil County bridgewright Joseph George Johnson in the autumn and winter of 1860/61 across Northeast Creek. The bridge was erected adjacent to and upstream of Samuel Gilpin's mills and dam and crosses the millpond formed by it.
 The Alara Castle (Turkish: Alara Kalesi) is a historic fortification located at Alanya district of Antalya Province in southern Turkey.The castle was built under the Byzantine Empire and in the 11th century became the western outpost of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia (1080-1375). It had the function to safeguard the caravans from holdup robberies that were stopping over at the last caravanserai Alarahan on the Silk Road to the sea situated 300–400 m (980–1310 ft) in the south.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Luke is an Episcopal cathedral in Orlando Florida United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Central Florida.
 The Château de la Pannonie is a castle in the commune of Couzou in the Lot département of France.It has been listed since 1992 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Ozark Hall at the University of Arkansas is a building on the University's campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Gaziantep Museum of Archaeology (Turkish: Gaziantep Arkeoloji Müzesi) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Gaziantep Turkey. It is best known for its collection of mosaics most of which were excavated from the ancient Roman city site of Zeugma.
 Students' Hall now known as Barnard Hall is a historic educational building located on the campus of Barnard College in Morningside Heights New York New York. It was designed by Arnold Brunner (1857 – 1925) and built in 1916 and contains classrooms. It is four stories on a raised basement built of dark red brick with white limestone and terra cotta details. It combines Italian Renaissance massing and detail with Colonial Revival inspired features.
 The ArtCar Museum is a private museum of contemporary art located in Houston Texas USA. The museum nicknamed the Garage Mahal opened in February 1988. Its emphasis is on art cars fine arts and artists that are rarely seen in other cultural institutions. The museum's mission is to elevate awareness of the political economic and personal dimensions of art.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Bowdon is in the village of Bowdon near Altrincham Greater Manchester England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Bowdon.
 St. Patrick’s Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Des Moines. The church is located near the town of Cumming Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The parish was founded in 1852 in the Diocese of Dubuque which at the time covered the entire state of Iowa. It was situated in area called Irish Settlement and it was the first parish founded in what would become the Diocese of Des Moines.
 Berkshire Medical Center is a private non-profit 302-bed community teaching hospital in Pittsfield Massachusetts affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School.
 Casa Romantica is located in San Clemente California and was built by Ole Hanson. In 1927 Carl Lindbom was commissioned to design a home with seven bedrooms and seven bathrooms that overlooked the Pacific Ocean. This building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Orange County California on December 27 1991.
 Minot Carnegie Library on 2nd Ave. SE in Downtown Minot North Dakota United States was built in 1911. It was designed by Minot architects Woodruff & McGulpin in Classical Revival style. It has also been known as Free Public Library Carnegie Library and Minot Public Library. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Missouri State Teachers Association Building was built in 1927 in Columbia Missouri. Appropriately is houses the Missouri State Teachers Association Headquarters. The building is located on South 6th Street on the University of Missouri campus and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was the first building in the United States built specifically to house a state teachers association.
 Ripon Cathedral is a seat of the Bishop of Leeds and one of three co-equal mother churches of the Diocese of Leeds situated in the small North Yorkshire city of Ripon England.
 The Grimes Homestead also known as Grimes Farm is a historic home in Mountain Lakes Morris County New Jersey United States. It was constructed in the late 18th Century. The house served as a way station on the Underground Railroad for runaway slaves.Anti-slavery advocate and Quaker Dr. John Grimes (1802–1875) was born in this house and lived here until 1828. He moved back to the homestead in 1832 but subsequently moved to the neighboring community of Boonton.
 Gnanams Hotel is a hotel in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The 32 room hotel is located in the heart of the city on Clock Tower Road near Jaffna Hospital. Built in 1982 during the civil war the hotel was occupied by the Sri Lankan military for 24 years. The hotel was handed back to the owners in 2011.
 The Helsinki Music Centre (Finnish: Helsingin musiikkitalo Swedish: Musikhuset i Helsingfors) is a concert hall and a music center in Töölönlahti Helsinki. The building is home to Sibelius Academy and two symphony orchestras the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra. The Music Centre is located on a prestigious site between Finlandia Hall and the museum of contemporary art Kiasma and across the street from the Parliament of Finland.
 Miami Valley Centre Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Piqua Ohio. Opened in 1988 it features J. C. Penney Sears Elder-Beerman and a Comfort Inn with one vacant anchor last occupied by Steve & Barry's.
 The Tiffany and Company Building is the landmarked former home of the Tiffany and Company store at 401 Fifth Avenue Manhattan New York City New York.This building completed in 1906 served as the home of Tiffany until 1940. Today a TD Bank branch tchotchke shop and Burger King occupy the ground level. The People's Court is filmed on a set inside the building.The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 Duside Hospital is a hospital in Firestone District Margibi County Liberia. It holds 300 beds and is operated by the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company. It reopened in December 2008 and in January 2010 was considered one of the best hospitals in Liberia.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at 341 S. Main Street in Vermontville Michigan.It was built in 1862 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 The Padilla Beard House is a historic house at 18 Maple Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The relatively plain Greek Revival house was built c. 1850 for Padilla Beard the first coach driver on the stage line connecting Boston and Reading. Beard stabled the horses in a separate building (now 26 Wright Street). When the line was replaced by the railroad Beard became a conductor.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Crown Perth is an entertainment complex located in Burswood Western Australia near the Swan River. The complex consists of a casino convention centre with meeting rooms theatre two ballrooms and previously a golf course; along with a numerous restaurants and bars. It also features two hotels: the 405-room Crown Metropol Perth and 291-room Crown Promenade Perth.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 230 Classon Avenue in Clinton Hill Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1858 in the Gothic Revival style. It is constructed of Belleville brownstone. It features a square tower with polygonal extension and a broach spire. The Johnson Memorial Parish House was built in 1892.
 Gwin Dudley Home Site also known as Twin Chimneys is a historic home site located at Smith Mountain Lake Wirtz Franklin County Virginia. The site consists of two extant stone chimneys that are situated 31 feet 8 inches apart (inside face to inside face) indicating the length of the house which was lost to fire in the early 20th century. They were part of a house erected about 1795.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Griswold Building Senior Apartments is an apartment building located at 1214 Griswold Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Waupaca Free Public Library is a historic Carnegie library located on Main Street in Waupaca Wisconsin United States. It was built from 1913 to 1914 and designed by architects Parkinson and Dockendorff from La Crosse Wisconsin. The design combines elements of English Tudor Revival and American Arts and Crafts architectural styles. The construction was funded with a grant from the Carnegie Corporation. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 H.B. Lothrop Store is a historic commercial building located at 210 Weir Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The Italianate style building was constructed in 1855 by H.B. Lothrop who operated a grocery store here into the 1880s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. However since that time the original clapboard siding has been covered with vinyl siding and much of the original wood detailing has been lost.
 Oneida Street Station also known as the East Wells Power Plant was a power plant operated by The Milwaukee Electric Railway & Light Company. Constructed from 1898 to 1900 it was designed by architect Herman Esser in neoclassical revival style. The building is located in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin at the Milwaukee River and Wells Street which was once known as Oneida Street. The company began operating electric street cars in 1890.
 Sunaparanta Goa Centre for the Arts is a cultural centre in Altinho Panjim Goa. Its official website describes it as a non-profit process-based initiative to encourage creation learning understanding appreciation and enjoyment of the visual arts through education and dialogue in Goa.
 The Absa Tower is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg South Africa. It is 32 storeys tall. It is also the headquarters of Absa Group Limited.
 The Congregational Church Hoylake is located in Station Road Hoylake Wirral Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as Grade II listed building.
 Brea City Hall and Park in Brea California was built in 1928 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Miramar Towers are two skyscrapers located in Avenida Balboa and Calle Federico Boyd Panama City. Once the hotel and residential tower complex were the tallest buildings in Panama at 168 m (551 ft) with 55 floors. The Miramar Towers generated much controversy locally since their construction has made expansion of Balboa avenue impossible.
 Shannondale Springs is a former American resort associated with mineral springs on the bank of the Shenandoah River upstream from Harpers Ferry West Virginia. The water from the main spring was reputed to have mild laxative qualities while other springs had a sulfurous odor. The resort began in 1820 with the construction of 10 to 12 wood cottages and a two-story hotel was added the next year. The hotel and some of the cottages burned in 1858.
 The Major Reuben Colburn House was the home of Reuben Colburn a patriot and shipbuilder of Pittston Maine from 1765 to 1818. Colburn assisted George Washington and Benedict Arnold in the planning and provisioning of the invasion of Canada. Arnold's expedition to seize Quebec from the British Army in 1775 during the American Revolutionary War began here.
 Myking Church (Norwegian: Myking kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Myking. The church is part of the Myking parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white stone church was built in 1861 by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch. The church which seats about 250 people was consecrated on 17 November 1861. The present church is probably the third church at Myking.
 Sundbyholm Castle is a castle near the town of Eskilstuna Sweden on the southern shore of Lake Mälaren.
 Zion Lutheran Church (also known as Organ Church) is a historic church in Rockwell North Carolina.It was built in 1794 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Silver Lake Bank in Montrose Pennsylvania is a building from 1816. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is now used as the headquarters for the Center for Anti-Slavery Studies nonprofit organization.
 The Northrup-Gilbert House is a historic home located at Phoenix in Oswego County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame residence that appears to have been built in the 1840s. It has Greek Revival–style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Baycrest is a research and education hospital on Bathurst Street in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was founded in 1918 as the Toronto Jewish Old Folks Home in a semi-detached house on Cecil Street in downtown Toronto. In 1968 the new Jewish Home for the Aged opened at Baycrest's present location in North York and Baycrest Hospital was also built as a geriatric facility. The entire complex became known collectively as Baycrest.
 Dr. Henry Genet Taylor House and Office is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 1971. The building was designed by Wilson Eyre and was built in 1884.
 Culleoka Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church on Quality Street in Culleoka Tennessee.It was built in 1868. In 1870 it became the first location of what was to become the Webb School when W. R. Sawney Webb and his brother taught classes in the church basement. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Chemtou Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Chemtou. This museum of modern design is a collaboration between archaeologists of the Tunisian National Heritage Institute and the German Archaeological Institute offices located in Rome Italy. It has the distinction of being located in the area of the ancient Roman city of Numidian in a marble quarry.
 Blakeley is a ghost town in Baldwin County Alabama United States. During the height of its existence Blakeley was a thriving town which flourished as a competitor to its western neighbor Mobile. It was the location of a major fort during the Civil War. One of the last battles of the civil war was fought here as Union soldiers overran Confederates.
 Curwood Castle is a small castle now a museum located in Owosso Michigan. Built in 1922 and completed in 1923 the castle was the dream of author James Oliver Curwood who used one of the turrets as a writing studio.Jim Curwood was born in Owosso in 1878. He built this replica of a Norman chateau along the banks of the Shiawassee River near his home in Owosso. The exterior is made of yellow stucco containing fieldstones he chose himself. The roof is slate with copper trim.
 United Overseas Bank Plaza (UOB Plaza) (Chinese: 大华银行大厦) is a complex with twin tower late-modernist skyscrapers in the city of Singapore. UOB Plaza One is one of the three tallest in the city sharing the title with the OUB Centre and Republic Plaza. UOB Plaza Two is the shorter and older building with construction completed in 1973 and later renovated in 1995 with a similar facade as UOB Plaza One. Both buildings are connected by a 45 m (148 ft) podium supported by four columns.
 Cousins Island Chapel is a historic chapel on the east side of Cousins Road 1.9 miles southeast of the junction with Morton Road on Cousins Island Maine.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Cambridge Home for the Aged and Infirm is an historic building on 650 Concord Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is presently operated as Neville Place an assisted living community managed by Senior Living Residences.The building was built in 1928 by Charles Reggio Greco and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Pacific Coast Biscuit Company Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 HM Prison Ashwell was a Category C men's prison located in the parish of Burley in the county of Rutland England. The site of the former prison is located about two miles south of the centre of the village of Ashwell alongside the road to Oakham and opposite the former kennels of the Cottesmore Hunt.The prison closed in 2011 and Rutland County Council acquired it from the Ministry of Justice in early 2013.
 Crown Towers is a high-rise apartment building in New Haven Connecticut. The fifth-tallest building in the city the modernist building was New Haven's tallest residential building until the construction of 360 State Street in 2010.
 Bikur Cholim B'nai Israel Synagogue is an historic synagogue in Swan Lake Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1926 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame building with a stucco finish.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Georgian Terrace Hotel in Midtown Atlanta part of the Fox Theatre Historic District was designed by architect William Lee Stoddart in a Beaux-Arts style that was intended to evoke the architecture of Paris. Construction commenced on July 21 1910 and ended on September 8 1911 and the hotel opened on October 2 1911. The George C. Fuller Construction Company was contractor and the developer was Joseph F.
 Morrill Hall on the campus of Iowa State University is a historic building that now houses the Christian Petersen Art Museum.It was named for Justin Smith Morrill who created the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act. Construction was completed in 1891 with less than $30000. Morrill Hall was originally constructed to fill the capacity of a library museum and chapel.
 The Strider Farm was intimately involved in events concerning the American Civil War near Harpers Ferry West Virginia. Located on a small hill just south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line from Baltimore and Washington D.C. to Martinsburg West Virginia the Strider farm was a strategic location for the control of this vital link.The main house built circa 1790 is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal style in stone masonry. It was enlarged in 1880 with a shallow addition also in stone.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist also known simply as St. John’s Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Boise Idaho United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Boise and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Malmaison Hotel Belfast is a listed building in the town of Belfast in Northern Ireland county of County Antrim.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Cemetery located at 258 Concord Street in the village of Newton Lower Falls Newton Massachusetts were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 14 1980. St. Mary's Parish was formed in 1811 and its Gothic Revival/Federal style meeting house built in 1814 is the oldest surviving church building in the city of Newton as well as the first built in what are today Boston's western suburbs.
 Susquehanna Valley Mall is a regional shopping mall just north of Selinsgrove Pennsylvania USA on the west side of US 11/US 15. Being the only indoor mall within a half-hour radius it serves Northumberland Snyder Union and nearby areas of Dauphin Juniata Mifflin and Perry counties. It is anchored by Bon-Ton Boscov's (which opened a year before the mall) J. C. Penney and Sears.
 The Knights of Columbus-Indiana Club is a building built in 1924 in South Bend Indiana United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Château de Respide is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Mooreland is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was built c.1838 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It was built by Robert Irvin Moore and includes Greek Revival architecture.It is one of about thirty significant brick and frame residences surviving in Williamson County that were the center of large plantations  and display some of the finest construction of the ante-bellum era. It faces on the Franklin and Columbia Pike that ran south from Brentwood to Franklin to Columbia.
 Diamond of Istanbul is the tallest building under construction in Istanbul Turkey being built in the city's Maslak central business district. It is also the country's first steel skyscraper.
 The Skirrid Mountain Inn [1] is a public house in the small village of Llanfihangel Crucorney just a few miles north of Abergavenny Monmouthshire Wales. Perhaps the oldest pub in Wales it is listed in chronicles from 1100.
 Tokyo Tower (東京タワー Tōkyō tawā) is a communications and observation tower located in the Shiba-koen district of Minato Tokyo Japan. At 333 metres (1093 ft) it is the second-tallest structure in Japan. The structure is an Eiffel Tower-inspired lattice tower that is painted white and international orange to comply with air safety regulations.Built in 1958 the tower's main sources of revenue are tourism and antenna leasing. Over 150 million people have visited the tower since its opening.
 Sherman City Union Church is a historic church at 11429 West Vernon Road in Sherman City Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Fort Harker located near Stevenson Alabama was a military fortification built by the Union Army during the American Civil War. Constructed in the summer of 1862 by soldiers and freed slaves of the Army of the Cumberland the fort helped secure strategic railroad lines to ensure the free movement of Union troops and supplies in southeastern Tennessee and northeastern Alabama.
 John Bell House in Lexington Kentucky was built in 1804. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Willistead Manor is a historic house located in the former town of Walkerville Ontario now part of Windsor Ontario. Willistead Manor was designed by renowned architect Albert Kahn in the 16th-century Tudor-Jacobean style of an English manor house. It was built in 1904-1906 and was commissioned by Edward Chandler Walker the second son of Hiram Walker. It is named after the first son Willis Walker a lawyer in Detroit MI who died young.
 Blessed Sacrament Catholic Church is a Catholic church in the Glebe neighbourhood of Ottawa Ontario Canada. The parish was founded on March 25 1913 with the first building being a simple chapel. The current building 194 Fourth Avenue was built in 1931.
 Le Bistro Montage is a restaurant in Portland Oregon United States. Characterized as quirky and long a favorite of the late night crowd it features communal dining and eclectic Cajun fare such as alligator frog legs and jambalaya served late into the night. Originally on Belmont Street it is now located in larger quarters at the site of the former Royal Hotel under the Morrison Bridge.
 The Air Force Armament Museum adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base Florida is the only facility in the U.S. dedicated to the display of Air Force armament. Founded in 1975 it was originally located in a converted gymnasium on the northeastern edge of the Eglin main base adjacent to Valparaiso Florida.Visitors can view a variety of historical Air Force planes from a World War II B-17 bomber to an F-4 Phantom II jet.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 116 City Island Avenue in The Bronx New York New York. The church was built in 1862 in the Carpenter Gothic style and the rectory was built around that year in the Italian Villa style.The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Francis McIlvain House is a historic home located in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1869 and is a 3 1/2-story brick rowhouse building faced with ashlar brownstone. It has a mansard roof in the Second Empire style.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. As of January 2014 the house is slated for demolition.
 Common Burying Ground at Sandy Bank (also known as Bell Rock Cemetery) is a historic cemetery on Green Street in Malden Massachusetts. It is the oldest cemetery in the city established in 1649. Its earliest probable burial dates to that same year although the oldest gravestone that if Alice Brackenburg bears the date 1670.The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Original House of Pies is a former American restaurant chain started circa 1965 by Al Lapin Jr. an early franchise system designer also responsible for International House of Pancakes Copper Penny Coffee Shops Orange Julius and others.Specializing in many different flavors of pie available for dessert the chain was popular up through 1979 when Lapin's company faltered. By circa 1986 the franchise chain filed for bankruptcy and closed most of its locations.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 2200 Overlook Road in the University Circle area of Cleveland Ohio in the United States is an historic building that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 20 2003. Built from 1929 to 1931 at a cost of $1 million it was designed by the noted Cleveland firm of Walker and Weeks who later designed Severance Hall to which this building is sometimes compared.
 .Meadow Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The estate belonged to Mosby Shepherd who helped stop the Gabriel's Rebellion slave rebellion.
 Krom Stone House at 31 Upper Whitfield Road is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story stone dwelling in a linear plan built about 1764. At the rear is a four-bay 2-story frame ell dating to about 1879.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Victoria High School is a historic high school building located at Victoria Lunenburg County Virginia. It was built in 1922-1923 and is a one-story five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Classical Revival style. The front facade features a pedimented portico with round wooden Doric order columns and square pilasters. The portico projects from a pavilion that spans the center three bays of the school's front facade.
 The Castle of Dona Chica (Portuguese: Castelo da Dona Chica) is a Neo-romantic castle and/or residence located in the civil parish of Palmeira municipality of Braga in the northern region of Portugal. Originally designed by Ernest Korrodi the project suffered from a lack of funds early eventually changing hands and falling into the possession of creditors.
 Bantock House Museum and Park is a museum of Edwardian life and local history with 48 acres (190000 m2) of surrounding parkland in Wolverhampton England. It is named after Alderman Baldwin and Kitty Bantock who once lived there. It is run by Wolverhampton City Council's Arts and Museums service.
 Cefntilla Court Llandenny is a 19th-century country house (with 17th-century origins) in Monmouthshire Wales which was substantially rebuilt by Thomas Henry Wyatt for Richard Somerset 2nd Baron Raglan. The court is a Grade II* listed building as of 31 January 2011.Richard Somerset's father FitzRoy Somerset 1st Baron Raglan had commanded the British forces during the Crimean War. He died in 1855 and Richard succeeded him his elder brother having died earlier.
 Bishop Court Apartments is a historic apartment building in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1463 Bishop Street at the corner of De Maisonneuve Boulevard West in Downtown Montreal.The apartment building is three stories and comprises three wings linked together in a U shape around a small interior courtyard.
 The D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives also known as the Spearfish Fisheries Center or Spearfish Fisheries Complex and formerly known as the Spearfish National Fish Hatchery is one of 70 fish hatcheries that were opened by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as part of the National Fish Hatchery System.
 Hermes Palace Hotel is the first and only four-star international hotel in Banda Aceh Aceh northern Sumatra Indonesia.[citation needed] The hotel has 159 rooms and was first inaugurated in 2006 under the name Swiss-Belhotel Banda Aceh. The hotel regularly hosts conferences. In April 2010 it was the venue for the Seventh Session of the Intergovernmental Coordination Group for the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System.
 Hafslo Church (Norwegian: Hafslo kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Hafslo. The church is part of the Hafslo parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 300 seats was built and consecrated on 4 December 1878. The architect J. Faye made the designs for the building.
 Milad Tower (Persian: برج میلاد‎) also known as Borj-e Milad or Tehran/Teheran Tower is a 435 m-high (1427 ft) multi-purpose Iranian concrete tower built in 2007 in between the Shahrak-e Gharb and Gisha districts of Tehran. As mentioned it stands at 435 m (1427 ft) from base to the tip of the antenna. The head consists of a large pod with 12 floors the roof of which is at 315 m (1033 ft).
 Tahoe Joe's is a chain of ten steakhouse restaurants based in the Central Valley of California. The first restaurant opened in Fresno in 1996 with restaurants in Roseville and Folsom opening in 2007. In May 2008 Tahoe Joe's parent company Buffets Inc. (which is undergoing bankruptcy and also owns Hometown Buffet and Old Country Buffet restaurants) tried to sell the Tahoe Joe's chain.
 Marland Heights Park and Margaret Manson Weir Memorial Pool is a historic park and swimming pool located at Weirton Hancock County West Virginia. The Park was dedicated in July 1934 and is a contributing site. It has two contributing structures and one building; the Margaret Manson Weir Memorial Pool a large wood timber and stone picnic shelter and a tool shed.
 The Harvey Cross House was a building constructed in 1888 and then moved to Oregon City Oregon between 1911 and 1925. The house was built by Harvey Cross[citation needed] one of the founders of the Mount Hood and Barlow Road and with partners founded the Gladstone Real Estate Association which eventually led up to the establishment of the city of Gladstone Oregon. The house still stands on Washington Street in Oregon City and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Kabuto is a Japanese and sushi restaurant in Spring Valley's Tokyo Plaza. The restaurant was opened by Chef Gen Mizoguchi in 2012.
 Rensselaerville Historic District is a national historic district located at Rensselaerville in Albany County New York. It includes 86 contributing buildings and encompasses most of the buildings in the hamlet of Rensselaerville. Most date to the early 19th century and are predominantly Greek Revival in style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum in Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada celebrates the early history of Wetaskiwin and area. The Museum serves the public by documenting and telling the stories of the courageous individuals who settled here to create the city and district. The Wetaskiwin Heritage Museum is primarily a pioneer museum dedicated to the documentation and research of early Wetaskiwin settlement businesses and lifestyles.
 Sakshaug Old Church (Norwegian: Sakshaug gamle kirke) is a preserved parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Sakshaug. The church is part of the Inderøy parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 St Stephen's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Skipton. It is situated next to Ermysted's Grammar School close to the town centre. It was built in 1836 and was founded by the Tempest family and originally administered by the Society of Jesus. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Old Brick House also known as Biloxi Garden Center was built around 1850 as a modest family home by John Henley a former sheriff and mayor of Biloxi. The house is situated on Back Bay in Biloxi Mississippi. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 1987. Although heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 the house was restored and re-dedicated in 2011.
 The John L. Nichols House is a historic former residence in Bloomington Indiana United States. Built in a late variety of the Victorian style of architecture it was constructed in 1900. Once the home of Bloomington's leading architect it is no longer a residence but it has been designated a historic site.
 Concrete-Central Elevator is a historic grain elevator located on the Buffalo River at 175 Buffalo River (750 Ohio St.) Buffalo in Erie County New York.
 Dialogue in the Dark (Dialog in the Dark in American promotional materials) is an awareness raising exhibition and franchise as well as a social business. In Dialogue in the Dark blind guides lead visitors in small groups through different settings in absolute darkness. Through this visitors learn how to interact without sight by using their other senses as well as experience what it is like to be blind.
 Lviv's Old Town (Ukrainian: Старе Місто Львова Stare Misto L’vova; Polish: Stare Miasto we Lwowie) is the historic centre of the western Ukrainian city of Lviv in the Lviv Oblast (province) recognized as the State Historic-Architectural Sanctuary in 1975.
 Ikirt House in East Liverpool Ohio was built in 1888. The house is an example of a variety of architectural styles including Second Empire Eastlake Movement and elements of Queen Anne style architecture. The house was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in May 1980.Dr. George P. Ikirt (1852-1927) was a surgeon in East Liverpool. He was prominent in Democratic politics and served in the United States House of Representatives from 1893-1895.
 Tauentzienstraße is a major shopping street in the western inner city of Berlin Germany. With a length of about 500 m (1600 ft) it runs between two important squares Wittenbergplatz in the east and Breitscheidplatz in the west where it is continued by the Kurfürstendamm boulevard. While the eastern half belongs to the Schöneberg district the western part beyond Nürnberger Straße is in Charlottenburg.
 Lerch Tavern is a historic inn and tavern building located at Wernersville Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1797 and is a two-story rectangular limestone building. It is five bays by two bays and measures 32 feet by 42 feet. The raised mansard roof was added about 1870 and replaced an earlier gable roof. The tavern operated into the 1850s after which it was occupied as a private residence.
 Horne Creek Farm is a historical farm in Pinnacle Surry County North Carolina. The farm is a North Carolina State Historic Site and is operated to depict farm life in the northwest Piedmont area circa 1900. The site includes the late 19th century Hauser farmhouse which has been furnished to reflect the 1900-1910 era a well/wash house smokehouse tobacco curing barn corncrib fruit house and a reconstructed fruit and vegetable drying house.
 The Dike-Orne House was a historic house at 257 Forest Street in Winchester Massachusetts. A typical rambling New England farmstead this c. 1850 house was unusual for its Gothic Revival styling Vergeboard decoration typical of the style decorated its gables and roof line.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was demolished in 1996.
 The Wind Towers is a complex of two towers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The two towers Wind Tower 1 and Wind Tower 2 both consist of 38 floors but are 139 m (454 ft) and 137 m (448 ft) respectively. The towers are under construction and are expected to be completed in 2016
 Chew Cottage is an historic building in Wellington New Zealand.The house originally named Millwood was built in 1865 for John and Ester Chew. The cottage is one of Wellington's remaining houses from the 1860s. It resembles a traditional English stone cottage adapted for timber construction.The building is classified as a Category I (places of special or outstanding historical or cultural heritage significance or value) historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 The Kluczynski Federal Building is a modernist skyscraper in the downtown Chicago Loop located at 230 South Dearborn Street. The 45-story structure was designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and completed in 1974 as the last portion of the new Federal Center. It is 562 feet (171 m) tall and stands on the site previously occupied by the Chicago Federal Building by the architect Henry Ives Cobb. It was named in honor of U.S. Congressman John C.
 The Taube Museum of Art is an art museum in Downtown Minot North Dakota. The museum previously known as the Minot Art Gallery was named after Lillian and Coleman Taube.The organization was formed in 1970 and was initially located at the Linha home on US 83. It later moved to the Ward County Historical Society at the North Dakota State Fairgrounds. In 1977 the group purchased the Union National Bank Building at 2 North Main Street.
 The Dilworth Elementary School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Andrew's with Castlegate United Reformed Church is in Nottingham.
 St Mary Magdalene Church is an Anglican church on Holloway Road in north London. It is located in St Mary Magdalene Gardens opposite Islington Central Library and is the parish church of the Parish of St Mary Magdalene and St David. The early 19th century building accommodates the activities of the church congregation including church services the church's Refugee Centre and the offices of its social action initiative The Paradise Project and provides spaces to other users.
 Obere Burg (Upper Castle) also known colloquially as Burg Neu-Schellenberg (Castle of Neu-Schellenberg) is a castle ruin located in the municipality of Schellenberg Liechtenstein. It lies at the western edge of Hinterschloss one of the burroughs in the village of Neu-Schellenberg. It is freely open to tourists. Due to its close proximity to Hinterschloss it is probably the most easily accessible of all Liechtenstein castles.
 Charmont Apartments is an historic apartment building in Santa Monica California which was built in 1928. Designed by architect Max Maltzman with elements of both the Mission Revival-Spanish Colonial Revival style and the Art Deco style the Charmont was a luxurious high-rise when it was built.
 Tsu Castle (津城 Tsu-jō) was a Japanese castle located in Tsu Mie Prefecture Japan. During the Edo period Tsu Castle was home to the Sudo clan daimyō of Tsu Domain who dominated the provinces of Ise and Iga. The castle was also known as Anotsu-jō (安濃津城) after the ancient name for Tsu. The castle ruins are a Prefectural Historic Site.
 Smith Haven Mall is a shopping mall located in Lake Grove New York and is the main mall for the Mid Island area of Long Island. It is also the eastern most enclosed mall on Long Island and thus draws shoppers from the (5) towns that make upthe Hamptons and the North Fork. The complex covers an area of 1400000-square-foot (130000 m2) of retail space with the key building (opened in 1969) being one story and 800000-square-foot (74000 m2) which includes over 140 shops and restaurants.
 St. Peter and St. Paul's Church (French: Église Saints-Pierre-et-Paul) of Wissembourg is frequently but incorrectly referred to as the second largest Gothic church of Alsace after Strasbourg Cathedral. However the building with its interior ground surface area of 1320 m² (60 x 22 m) most probably is the second largest Gothic church in Bas-Rhin which is one of the two departments of the Alsace region.
 Humboldt Street Historic District or Humboldt Island as it is affectionately referred to by those who reside there sites as the western end of Cheesman Park in Denver Colorado. It was the first residential district to be designated a historic district by the Denver Landmark Preservation Commission and is a National Register district.The original charm and character of this residential neighborhood are well preserved.
 Exchange Place is a modern skyscraper in the Financial District of Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1985 it is tied with the neighboring 60 State Street as Boston's 12th tallest building standing 510 feet (155 m) tall and housing 40 floors.The modern glass skyscraper rises out of a previous building the 12-story Boston Stock Exchange built in 1896.Exchange Place is owned by Brookfield Office Properties which purchased the property from Harold Theran in 2006.
 The Beebe Ranch is an American horse ranch and museum located at 3062 Ridge Road Chincoteague Virginia. The museum focuses on two Chincoteague Ponies Misty and her foal Stormy featured in the novels Misty of Chincoteague (1947) and Stormy Misty's Foal (1963) by Marguerite Henry. Misty and Stormy resided at the ranch and now their taxidermically preserved figures are displayed at the museum.
 The Melinda E. Morgan House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 In Japan family name comes first. This article presents the names in Western order with family name coming last.The Embassy of Japan in Washington D.C. is the diplomatic mission of Japan to the United States. It is located at 2520 Massachusetts Avenue NW Washington D.C. in the Embassy Row neighborhood.
 Lakeridge Health Port Perry is a hospital located in Port Perry Ontario Canada. The hospital serves the townships of Scugog Brock and Uxbridge in Durham Region.The hospital was founded as the private Community Memorial Hospital Port Perry which became public in 1946. Community Memorial moved twice due to population growth once in 1953 and again in 1969 to its current location.
 The Torre Water Catchment located on what is now Hatsuho Golf Course in Yigo (Piga) Guam is a historic site that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It has also been known as Hatsuho Water Catchments on Guam and as Site No. 66-08-1135. The catchment has an octagonal-shaped exterior made of concrete around limestone gravel and cobbles and has a plastered cylindrical interior.
 The Florence Institute for Boys known colloquially as 'The Florrie' is a local landmark and a Grade II listed building on Mill Street in Dingle South Liverpool England (grid reference SJ356878).
 Cygnet Cinema is located at 16 Preston Street Como Western Australia. It was the first purpose built sound cinema in the suburbs immediately south of the city in the inter-war period. The Cygnet Cinema opened in 1938 and was built by local identity and film entrepreneur James Stiles. It is an excellent example of the art deco style of architect William Leighton and is included on the State’s Heritage Register.
 Union Bank Plaza is a 157 m (515 ft) skyscraper in downtown Los Angeles California. It was constructed from 1965 to 1968 and has 40 floors. It is 20th tallest building in Los Angeles. It was the first skyscraper to be built as part of the Bunker Hill Redevelopment Project.
 The Oranje-Nassau Kazerne is a former military barracks in the centre of Amsterdam along the Singelgracht canal directly south of Artis zoo. Emperor Napoleon ordered the construction of this early 19th-century neoclassical building. Not long after construction of the building was complete in 1813 the French withdrew from the Netherlands and the building was named in honour of the House of Orange-Nassau.The building received rijksmonument status in 1970.
 The August Horch Museum Zwickau is an automobile museum in Zwickau Saxony Germany. Opened in 2004 it covers the history of automobile construction in Zwickau the home of Horch and Audi prior to World War II and Trabant during the Cold War-era German Democratic Republic.The museum is housed within the former factory where August Horch established Audi Automobilwerke GmbH in 1910. Its owner and operator is a non-profit making company owned in equal shares by Audi AG and the town of Zwickau.
 Docking Priory was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England.
 The Forum Culiacan is a shopping mall located in Culiacán Sinaloa Mexico in Desarrollo Urbano 3 Ríos (3 Rivers Urban Development) one of the biggest districts in the city next to Culiacan river. The two story complex includes many clothing stores a petshop a food court and a cinema.
 Wesley Methodist Cathedral is a Methodist cathedral located in Kumasi Ghana. Wesley is the largest Methodist church in the area and is the center of the episcopal area in Kumasi. The cathedral is named after John Wesley one of the founders of the Methodist church.
 The Fredrika Bremer Intermediate School or Bremer School located at 1214 Lowry Avenue North in Minneapolis Hennepin County in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1887 a period of rapid population expansion in Minneapolis. Initially the school housed grades 1-3 for 70 students. The school was nearly identical in design to two other Minneapolis schools Calhoun School and Peabody School.
 The Tudor Merchant's House is a 15th-century town house located in Tenby Pembrokeshire in south west Wales.The house was built in the late 15th century from stone. At the time Tenby was a busy commercial port and the occupant of this type of house would have been a merchant who'd trade goods that were brought into and out of the town's harbour.
 Waller Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Willamette University in Salem Oregon United States. Built in 1867 as University Hall the five-story red-brick structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Bonakouamouang Chimney – situated in Douala Cameroon in the district of Akwa neighborhood of Bessegue – is a relict of the waterworks built by the Germans at the beginning of the 19th century.
 The Samuel Gaut House is a historic house at 137 Highland Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 for Samuel Gaut a baker and is a well preserved example of a typical Italianate house. It is three bays wide with a typical Italianate center gable which is studded with brackets and has a trefoil window in the peak.
 Tellenburg Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
 W.J. Maxey Boys Training School offers treatment to delinquent male youths 12 to 21 years of age. The 60-bed facility provides services to Michigan youth who require intensive or specialized rehabilitation treatment and a high level of security and structure.
 Minnehaha Grange No. 398 was organized on December 23 1873 with members from Edina Mills Richfield Mills St. Louis Park and Hopkins. The National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry commonly known as the Grange is an organization dedicated to the principles of “progressive agriculture” for the “social fraternity of the farmers”. The organization was founded in 1867 by Oliver Hudson Kelley in Elk River Sherburne County Minnesota and quickly spread across the country.
 Mission Brewery is a historic brewery building in the Middletown neighborhood of San Diego California. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 6 1989. It is also the name of a San Diego microbrewery which opened in 2007.
 The Jacksonville Landing is a 126000 square feet (11706 m2) shopping tattoo dining clubbing and historic museum complex in downtown Jacksonville Florida. It was built by the Rouse Company at a cost of $37.5 million and opened in 1987. It has been compared to New York City's South Street Seaport Boston's Faneuil Hall or Miami's Bayside Marketplace all developed by Rouse.
 Christian Oyer Jr. House also known as Harmon House is a historic home located at Barree Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay rectangular Federal style stone dwelling. It measures 32 feet by 42 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Clayton Square Shopping Centre is an inner-city shopping centre located in Liverpool England. It is in close proximity to Liverpool Lime Street and Liverpool Central railway stations. It is the city's fourth largest shopping centre behind Liverpool One St. John's Shopping Centre and Metquarter. Clayton Square sees tough competition from the likes of Liverpool One St.Johns Metquarter Church Street Lord Street and Bold Street.
 Hesselagergård Manor located near Gudme in the southeast of the Danish island Funen is the oldest Renaissance building in Denmark. It was built by Johan Friis one of the most powerful man in Denmark during the reigns of Christian III and Frederick II.
 The National Art Gallery of Bologna (Pinacoteca Nazionale di Bologna) is a museum in Bologna Italy. It is located in the former Saint Ignatius Jesuit novitiate of the city's University district and inside the same building that houses the Academy of Fine Arts. The museum offers a wide collection of Emilian paintings from the 13th to the 18th century and other fundamental works by artists who were in some way related to the city.
 The Buena Vista Museum of Natural History is a Natural History Museum in Bakersfield California. It is located in the Arts district downtown. The museum focuses on three areas: Geology Anthropology and Paleontology.
 The Haverhill Board of Trade Building is a historic factory building at 16-18 and 38-42 Walnut Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. The seven story brick building was built in stages between 1906 and 1908 by the Haverhill Board of Trade a consortium of local businessmen. The purposes of the building was to provide affordable factory space to small business operators principally in the shoe manufacturing business that dominated Haverhill's economy in the early 20th century.
 Crimora School also known as Crimora Grammar School is a historic public school building located at Crimora Augusta County Virginia. The original section was built in 1927 and is a brick building consisting of an auditorium/gymnasium as the core of the building with rectangular gabled blocks on either side containing two rooms with the projecting gable ends. It is in a Vernacular Bungalow style. The school was subsequently expanded in the 1930s and in 1942.
 The Francis Scott Key Bridge more commonly known as the Key Bridge is a six-lane reinforced concrete arch bridge conveying U.S. Route 29 traffic across the Potomac River between the Rosslyn neighborhood of Arlington County Virginia and the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C. Completed in 1923 it is Washington's oldest surviving bridge across the Potomac River.Key Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 E. A. Durham House also known as the Durham-Peters Residence is a historic home located at Sistersville Tyler County West Virginia. It was built in 1921 and is a 20 room Italian Renaissance Revival-style residence. It features pale stone and stucco and a low-pitched green tile roof. The interior features mahogany paneling a six foot Carrara marble fireplace and Dresden chandelier.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Château de la Petite Filolie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Israel Shear House is a historic home located at Ravena in Albany County New York. It was built about 1810 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular heavy timber-frame dwelling on a rubble foundation. It is in the Federal style. The center entrance features a broad nine-panel door framed by Corinthian columns and side lights.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Gilman Block was a historic block at 207-219 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The building was acquired by the state and demolished in 2004 to provide space for the new court building. The court building incorporated a part of the facade of the former Gilman block and has an exposition of the history of the historical building.
 The Museum of Fine Arts of Rennes ((French) Musée des beaux-arts de Rennes) is a municipal museum of fine arts in the French city of Rennes the capital of Brittany. Its collections range from ancient Egypt antiquities to the Modern art period and make the museum one of the most important in France outside Paris notably for its paintings and drawings holdings.
 The John Riordan Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 8 Dix Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1888 it is a rare survivor of the earliest phase of triple decker construction in the area northwest of Worcester's downtown. It has a single story entry porch and an atypical square projecting bay (rather than the more typical angled bay) flanking the entry.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Shiroishi Castle (白石城 Shiroishi-jō) is a Japanese castle in Shiroishi Miyagi within what was Mutsu Province. It was the castle of the Katakura clan which was a family of retainers serving the Date clan of Sendai. It was also the headquarters of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei in 1868.
 The Benham House is an architecturally-significant home located in Canandaigua New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Belapur Fort is a fort near the township of Belapur in Navi Mumbai (New Bombay) Maharashtra India. The fort was built by the Siddis of Janjira. It was later conquered by the Portuguese and then Marathas. In the early 19th century the fort was captured by the British. After the British gained supremacy in the region with the expansion of the Bombay Presidency the strategic importance of the fort declined and it fell into disuse.
 The Kansas Governor's Residence also known as Cedar Crest is the official residence of the governor of Kansas. Built in 1928 and bequeathed to the state in 1955 it became the governor's residence in 1962.Kansas did not have an official governor's residence until 1901 when the state bought 801 Buchanan Street (a house originally built in 1887). The property was auctioned off in 1963 and the building was demolished in 1964.
 Hungars Church also known as Hungars Parish Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Bridgetown Northampton County Virginia. It was built between 1742 and 1751 and is a one-story brick Colonial structure with four-bay north and south facades two-bay end walls and a gable roof with modillioned cornice. The building was shortened in 1851 and the cornice roof and floor may date from 1922. It was the third parish church of Hungars Parish.
 The China National Film Museum (CNFM) (中国电影博物馆) is the largest professional film museum in the world.[citation needed] Opened in 2007 CNFM is designed to the show the history of 100 years of Chinese cinema. It is also used to host film technology expos.
 The Storm King Ranger Station is located on Barnes Point on Lake Crescent off of U.S. Route 101 in Washington about 15 miles west of Port Angeles Washington. The ranger station is part of the Olympic National Park. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13 2007 as part of the Olympic National Park Multiple Property Listing.
 The Round Barn Bruce Township Section 3 is located in Bruce Township Benton County Iowa. It was built in 1910 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18 m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a conical roof. The structure does not have a cupola but there is a silo that rises through the center. There is also a round machine shed on the same property.
 First Congregational Church of East Longmeadow is a historic church at 7 Somers Road in East Longmeadow Massachusetts. It is the oldest church building in East Longmeadow and houses its oldest congregation. The congregation was established in 1827 and the church was built the following year. It was originally located further up Somers Road and was moved to its present location in 1859.
 Cumberland Mall is a shopping mall located in Vineland New Jersey on Route 47 (Delsea Drive) at Route 55 (Exit 27).Cumberland Mall is strategically positioned 25 miles (40 km) away from its nearest competitor 45 miles (72 km) south of Philadelphia Pennsylvania and on route to the Southern New Jersey Shore Points. The mall almost went under but was able to stay in business thanks to Vineland's 3.5% sales tax.
 Mount Horeb Public School is located in Mount Horeb Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Los Nogales is a historic 1800s home among the oldest structures still standing in Seguin Texas and is the last remaining adobe constructed home in the city. It serves the community as a museum.
 The Stephen Foster House is a historic house at 109 North Street in rural area of Topsfield Massachusetts. It is a rare instance of a First Period house (built c. 1680) in which its original footprint is still readily discernible and has not been obscured by subsequent modifications. The only immediately overt exterior indication of the house's great age is the steep pitch of its roof. It is a 2.5 story wooden house framed with massive oak timbers.
 Israel Picard House is a historic house at 690 County Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The house was built in 1897 for Israel Picard a granite dealer. The front of the house features elaborate woodwork while the rear portion of the house is Fall River granite. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Central Library is a three-story public library branch in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Opened in 1913 it serves as the main branch of the Multnomah County Library system. The Georgian style building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Central Building Public Library in 1979 and underwent major renovations in 1997.
 Fort Jackson is a decommissioned masonry fort located some 40 miles (64 km) up river from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Plaquemines Parish Louisiana. It was constructed as a coastal defense of New Orleans between 1822 and 1832 and was a battle site in the American Civil War. It is a National Historic Landmark.
 The Universalist Church is located in Mitchellville Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Dayton International Peace Museum is a museum located in Dayton Ohio at 208 West Monument Avenue. It is the second peace museum to be created in the United States with The Peace Museum in Chicago Illinois being the first. The Dayton International Peace Museum is a place for children and adults to find positive nonviolent alternatives to a culture of violence.
 Hancock Shaker Village is a former Shaker village in Hancock Massachusetts that was established in 1791. It was the third of nineteen major Shaker villages established between 1783 and 1836 in New York New England Kentucky Ohio and Indiana under the leadership of Mother Ann Lee and later Joseph Meacham and Lucy Wright.The village was closed by the Shakers in 1960 and sold to a local group who now operate the property as a museum.
 The Tampa Theatre and Office Building is a historic U.S. theater and city landmark in the Uptown District of downtown Tampa Florida. On January 3 1978 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Theatre features a wide range of independent foreign and documentary films on a daily basis. It is Tampa's only non-profit theater and operating costs are largely covered by its membership program various corporate sponsors as well as ticket sales.
 The Richard Sayles House is an historic house located at 80 Mendon Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The Richard Sayles House was built with stone in 1820 by Richard Sayles who had come from Rhode Island to attend the Uxbridge Academy. He later owned the Rivulet Mills.
 Weiss Hall also known as the Judge Edmund Taylor House is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1895 and is a 2 1/2-story stone brick and shingled building in the Queen Anne style. It features a tower recessed third floor balcony steep gables a large side porch and stained glass windows.
 Ames Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1906 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame structure in an asymmetrical cruciform plan. It has four gables off a central hipped roof deep boxed overhanging eaves and exposed rafter ends in the Queen Anne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St Wilfrid's Church Scrooby is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Scrooby.
 Woodcrest also known as the Homer Reboul Estate is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with two contributing buildings and two contributing structure. The estate house is a large two story Shingle Style structure with a gambrel roof and an attached service wing built in 1895. It is surrounded by formal gardens.
 The Palazzo Serbelloni is a Neoclassical palace in Milan. The palace at the site was constructed for the aristocrat Gabrio Serbelloni. In the late 1700s the palace was extensively reconstructed including the façade by Simone Cantoni. The palace was used in 1796 for three months by Napoleon and Josephine. The interiors retain some of the prior splendor some reconstructed. The first floor has a Neoclassical hall originally decorated by Giuliano Trabellesi.
 Holsteinborg Castle is a manor house located 12 kilometres southeast of Skælskør Slagelse Municipality Denmark. It was built in the first half of the 17th century by members of the Trolle family who gave it the name Trolholm but has been owned by the Holstein family since 1707. Hans Christian Andersen was a frequent visitor to the estate in the middle of the 19th century.
 Prinses Juliana is a former restaurant located in Valkenburg aan de Geul in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1958-2006.The last head chef was Andy Brauers.The importance of the restaurant is found not only in the food that it produced but also in the chefs that it trained. Many Michelin starred chefs started their career or did part of their training here.
 The Johnson School is a historic school located on School Street between Williams and Cady Streets in the Amity Square neighborhood of North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in 1898 and was designed by Edwin Thayer Barlow in the Romanesque Revival style. The school was one of the last neighborhood school in North Adams to be closed and is now used for Head Start and other social programs.The Johnson School building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bethany Baptist Church of South Norfolk Virginia is a prominent Black church in Hampton Roads Virginia. Founded in the late 1950s to early 1960s it has since had a major influence on the local black community and others. It has become one of the largest churches in the Hampton Roads area.
 The Rainbow Bridge is a cantilever bridge crossing the Neches River in Southeast Texas just upstream from Sabine Lake. It allows State Highway 87 and State Highway 73 to connect Port Arthur in Jefferson County on the southwest bank of the river with Bridge City in Orange County on the northeast bank.Construction on the bridge began in 1936 under the guidance of the Texas State Highway Department.
 Temple Israel of Hollywood is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Hollywood California founded in 1926. Services were originally held in the Hayakawa Mansion before the first Temple Israel building was established on Ivar Street under the leadership of Rabbi Isadore Isaacson. Temple Israel moved to its current location on Hollywood Boulevard in 1948.
 The Anthony Massad Three-Decker is a historic triple-decker house at 14 Harlow Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1912 and was cited as a good local example of Colonial Revival styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Many details including Tuscan columns on the porch and modillion blocks in the eaves have been lost or obscured by subsequent exterior changes (see photo).
 The Church of the Gesù (French: Église du Gesù) is a Roman Catholic Church in downtown Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1202 Bleury Street in the borough of Ville-Marie. It was adjacent to the Collège Sainte-Marie.
 Vadsø Church (Norwegian: Vadsø kirke) is a parish church in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the town of Vadsø. The church is part of the Vadsø parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete church was built in 1958 by the architect Magnus Poulsson. The church seats about 480 people.
 Kalvaria Povazska Bystrica is a system of buildings which depicts the journey and stops of Jesus Christ until his entombment. It is commonly built all around the world.[citation needed] Kalvaria Povazska Bystrica in Povazska Bystrica was built in 1805 but because of the Communist regime in Slovakia until 1989 the condition of monument is bad.
 Chester Terrace is a rowhouse in Duluth Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by Oliver G. Traphagen and Francis Fitzpatrick. It is built in the Richardsonian Romanesque style using brick and brownstone and the design features towers turrets gables and finials. The building is named after Chester Creek which flows into Lake Superior near the building.
 Stamsund Church (Norwegian: Stamsund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Stamsund. The church is part of the Stamsund parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1937 and it seats about 500 people.
 Bath Historic District is a historic district in Bath North Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.The district is now a North Carolina Historic Site known as Historic Bath and includes a visitor center offering guided tours of the Bonner House and Palmer-Marsh House which is also a National Historic Landmark. Visitors can also tour the Van der Veer House and St. Thomas Episcopal Church.
 All Saints Church Great Saughall is located in Church Road in the civil parish of Saughall Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wirral South the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Jackson Homestead located at 527 Washington Street in the village of Newton Corner in Newton Massachusetts is an historic house that served as a station on the Underground Railroad before the Civil War.It was built in 1809 in the Federal style by Timothy Jackson (1756–1814) on his family's farm. His son William Jackson (1763–1855) lived in it from 1820 until his death.
 The Church of St. Augustine was a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York. It was located at 1183 Franklin Avenue between East 167th Street and East 168th Street in the Morrisania neighborhood of the Bronx New York City. The church was closed in 2011 and demolished in 2013.
 The John Randall House is located in North Stonington Connecticut. The house was built in 1690 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1978.
 Maillezais Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pierre de Maillezais) is a ruined Roman Catholic cathedral in the commune of Maillezais in the Vendée France. Formerly the Abbey of Saint-Pierre the ruins consist of a church refectory dormitory kitchen cellars turrets and ramparts. The cathedral has been declared as a heritage monument in reflection of its Romanesque Gothic and Renaissance form. It was designated as a monument historique on 30 January 1924.
 Canandaigua Veterans Hospital Historic District is a historic hospital and national historic district located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. The district includes 29 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 4 contributing structures. They were built or utilized during the period 1931 to 1950. The Veterans Administration opened the facility in 1933 as a veteran's neuropsychiatric hospital.
 The Newport Arms Hotel is a historical hotel located on the shores of Pittwater. The hotel was first constructed in 1880 and is still a popular spot for tourists and visitors to visit on the weekend.
 The Basilica di San Calimero is a church in Milan northern Italy. Its name refers to Saint Calimerius (died 190 AD) an early bishop of the city. It dates from the 5th century but was almost completely rebuilt in 1882 by the architect Angelo Colla in an attempt to restore it to the original medieval structure.
 The William Lloyd Garrison House is located at 125 Highland Street in the Roxbury section of Boston Massachusetts.This two-story Greek Revival residence was the home of William Lloyd Garrison (1805–1879) leader of the anti-slavery cause in Boston and fiery editor of the uncompromising abolition journal The Liberator. The house called Rockledge was built in the 1840s during Roxbury's early period of suburban growth.
 Hysan Place (Chinese: 希慎廣場) is a shopping mall and office building at 500 Hennessy Road Causeway Bay Hong Kong. It was developed by Hysan Development Company Limited at the former site of Hennessy Centre and was designed by international architecture firm Kohn Pedersen Fox. It was opened on 10 August 2012.
 Foote's Crossing Road (CA 613) originates in North Columbia California and winds through the Tahoe National Forest to connect with the community of Alleghany California. It is a Registered Historic Place.The high bridge crossing at the Middle Yuba River named Foote's Crossing (California Point of Historical Interest No. P401) gives the road its name.
 Colonnade Row also known as LaGrange Terrace on present-day Lafayette Street in New York City's NoHo neighborhood is a landmarked series of Greek revival buildings originally built in the early 1830s. They are believed to have been built by Seth Greer although the project has been attributed to a number of other architects.
 Adam Kurtz House also known as Washington's Headquarters is a historic home located at Winchester Virginia. It was built about 1757 and is of hewn-log construction. It consists of three rooms with the westernmost room having two of its three exterior walls of stone construction.
 State Correctional Institution – Waymart is a minimum-security correctional facility located outside of Waymart Pennsylvania in the extreme northeast corner of the commonmwealth. SCI Waymart also houses a unit (Forensic Treatment Unit) for mentally disabled males needing psychiatric care and treatment. The facility is located on the site of the former Farview State Hospital.
 Bellevue Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Lawrence and Methuen Massachusetts.The cemetery dates from 1847. It is the final resting place of many victims of the Pemberton Mill disaster of January 10 1860. It is also the burial place of comedic movie actress Thelma Todd whose performance in title role in Laurel and Hardy's movie The Bohemian Girl was truncated due to her death believed by some to have been a murder. And it is the burial place of three U.S. Congressmen: William S.
 The Top of Troy stands at 755 West Big Beaver Road in Troy Michigan. It is the tallest building in Troy Michigan. PNC Financial Services maintains regional offices in the building as the major tenant. The triangular-shaped high-rise was constructed in 1974 and completed in 1975. It stands 25 stories (346 ft/106m) and is used mainly for office space retail and restaurant uses. It was designed in the international style of architecture.
 The Abell-Kilbourne House in Martinsburg West Virginia is associated with John N. Abell a prominent Martinsburg businessman and Charles W. Kilbourn a Martinsburg mill owner. The former president of the Old National Bank Abell developed the area known as Abell's Addition after his retirement in 1886. At that time Abell lived at 506 West Burke Street.Abell bought the Winchester Street site in 1895 from D.W. Shaffer for $1075 and completed the house the same year.
 The Museum Tower is a thirty story skyscraper in the Government Center district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. As its name implies the building is situated across the street from the Miami Art Museum (MAM) and HistoryMiami (former Historical Museum of Southern Florida) which are both part of the Miami Cultural Plaza.
 St Stephen's Gloucester Road is a Grade II* listed Anglican church in South Kensington London England. The church was built in 1866-67 and the architect was Joseph Peacock.
 The Locke-Baldwin-Kinsley House is a historic house at 45 Green Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The two story timber frame house was built c. 1744 on land belonging to the Locke family. It has two slender interior chimneys a probable 19th century alteration from a central chimney configuration and an ell on the south side that has documented use as a shoe shop its early 19th-century owners.
 Horn Creek Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Edgefield Edgefield County South Carolina. It is a one-room meeting house style frame church building supported by fieldstone foundation. A door behind the pulpit leads to a creek for baptizing. The church’s adjoining cemetery has excellent iron work. It is one of the oldest Baptist churches in the South Carolina Upcountry having been incorporated in 1790.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 St Benet's Chapel Netherton is a redundant Roman Catholic chapel in Chapel Lane Netherton Liverpool Merseyside England. The chapel and the attached priest's house are designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. In the National Heritage List for England it is described as an important example of an early Catholic church and is one of the best preserved examples in the north-west. It is managed by the Historic Chapels Trust.
 The Andrew Larson House is a historic home located in Stirling. The house was built in 1906 by Andrew Larson Sr. and has similarities to the Michelsen home. The house started as a two-room house Larsen added onto the home in 1910 just before his LDS mission to Denmark.
 St. John's Church is a historic A.U.M.P. Church located in Ruxton Baltimore County Maryland. It was built in 1886 as a successor to the original log cabin church built on the site in 1833 and is a frame Carpenter Gothic-style gable-roofed structure with board-and-batten siding stylized lancet windows and decorative detailing.
 Dorchester Heights Historic District is a historic district roughly a one block area surrounding Telegraph Hill in South Boston Massachusetts. Dorchester Heights was part of Dorchester until 1804 when the district it is in was annexed to Boston by an act of the State Legislature as South Boston.
 The Howland Cultural Center formerly known as Howland Library is located on Main Street (New York State Route 52 Business) in Beacon New York United States. It is an ornate brick building designed by Richard Morris Hunt in the 1870s. In 1973 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Hunt was commissioned by his brother-in-law Joseph Howland to design a home for a subscription library he donated to the city.
 The Point Richmond Historic District is the downtown area of Point Richmond in Richmond California and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mongolian and Tibetan Cultural Center (Chinese: 蒙藏文化中心; pinyin: Měng Zàng Wénhuà Zhōngxīn) is a cultural center in Taipei Taiwan under the administration of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission of the Executive Yuan.
 All Saints Church is an Anglican church in in the parish of Spofforth and Kirk Deighton in North Yorkshire England. The church dates from the 11th century and is Grade I listed.
 Dubai Towers Istanbul (or DTI) was a skyscraper project that was to be built in the district of Levent in Istanbul Turkey.It comprised a twin-tower complex which was to contain extensive office space residential apartments and penthouses retail outlets and boutique hotels. Had it been completed the towers would have become the two tallest buildings in Turkey.
 The William Dean Howells House is a house built and occupied by American author William Dean Howells and family. It is located at 37 Concord Avenue Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was designed by Howell's wife Elinor Mead and occupied by the family from 1873-1878. Authors including Mark Twain Henry James Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and Thomas Bailey Aldrich visited the Howells in this house as did President James Garfield and Helen Keller lived there afterwards while attending school.
 Joseph Dorsey House is historic building in West Brownsville Pennsylvania. It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Guggenheim Abu Dhabi is a planned museum to be located in Abu Dhabi UAE. On July 8 2006 the city of Abu Dhabi capital of the United Arab Emirates announced it had signed an agreement with the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation in New York City to build a 30000-square-metre (320000 sq ft) Guggenheim Museum on Saadiyat Island. It will be the largest of the Guggenheim museums. Architect Frank Gehry is designing the building.
 The Radisson Plaza Hotel Saskatchewan is a historic hotel one of Canada's grand railway hotels located in downtown Regina Saskatchewan Canada overlooking Victoria Park.The Hotel Saskatchewan was the fourteenth hotel in a nationwide chain constructed and owned by the Canadian Pacific Railway The railway's earlier hotels such as the Château Frontenac in Quebec City the Chateau Lake Louise and the Banff Springs Hotel were designed in a distinctive château style but by the late 1920s this had been abandoned in favor of a much simpler and less expensive style although the Canadian National Railway's Bessborough hotel in Saskatoon was built from 1928 to 1932. 
 Stansgate Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 La Cascade is the restaurant of Sheen Falls Lodge a hotel outside the town of Kenmare County Kerry Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1993-1998.During the period the restaurant was awarded the Michelin star the head chef was Fergus Moore
 The Point Douglas-St. Louis River Road Bridge is the oldest known stone arch bridge in the state of Minnesota. Located near Stillwater the bridge dates back to 1863 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Smith Family Farmstead also known as Riverside is a historic home located at Upper Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1767 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay gable roofed stone dwelling. A one bay by two bay stone and frame addition was built in 1945. Also on the property is a contributing two-story stone building used as a garage. It was the birthplace of U.S. Senator from Indiana Oliver H.
 The Colusa Carnegie Library at 260 Sixth St. in Colusa California is a Carnegie library built in 1906 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has also been known as the Carnegie Library Building and the City of Colusa Police Department.The library was one of 13 Carnegie libraries built in the Sacramento Valley during 1903-17 and the oldest one surviving in its original appearance. It was built with $10000 Carnegie funding for a total of $13158.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels is a church in Forden Powys Wales located about half a mile to the west of the road from Welshpool to Montgomery. For some three hundred years the church was the burial-place of the family of Devereux whose estate of Nantcribba is within the parish. The marble font oval in shape was presented in 1794 by Richard Edmunds Esq.It was enlarged in 1830. The church and stained glass was designed by Thomas Nicholson and Edward Burne-Jones.
 The American Legion Memorial Building also known as Atlantic National Guard Armory at 201 Poplar Street in Atlantic Iowa was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It includes Moderne Art Deco architecture. It served historically for arms storage as a military facility as a meeting hall and as a sport facility.
 The Church of the New Jerusalem (also known as Swedenborg Chapel) is an historic Swedenborgian church at 50 Quincy Street Cambridge Massachusetts near Harvard University. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The St. Anne Shell Chapel at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods Indiana is on the motherhouse grounds of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods. Its primary function is as a chapel and shrine in honor of St. Anne.
 Fairlawn is a historic mansion at 189 May Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is now part of the main building of the Fairlawn Rehabilitation Hospital. The mansion (and the accompanying estate) were the property of James Norcross a nationally prominent builder whose Norcross Brothers firm was engaged in construction projects involving famous architects including H. H. Richardson and McKim Mead & White.
 The Hart-Cluett Mansion is located at 57 Second Street in Troy New York United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and is a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District created in 1986.
 't Schulten Hues is a restaurant in Zutphen Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2005-present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of 't Schulten Hues is Peter Gast.Gast and his wife Jacqueline van Liere opened the restaurant in September 2002. Originally the restaurant was located on the Houtmarkt but moved to a bigger location at 's-Gravenhof in 2007.
 Maple Front Farm also known as Locust Front Farm and W. K. Clemmer Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Middlebrook Augusta County Virginia. The house was built about 1900 and is a two-story three bay frame I-house. Also on the property are a contributing washhouse meat house wood house acetylene gas-generating structure farm bell tower garage and granary.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 614-620 15th Street East in the residential neighborhood of Elliott Park in Minneapolis Minnesota was the first Christian Science church building in Minnesota. It was once surrounded by Victorian homes but most of them have been replaced by apartment buildings. Minneapolis architect S. J. Bowler designed the building in the Doric order.
 Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church is a Serbian Orthodox church in Jackson California. Built in 1894 the church was the first Serbian Orthodox church in America. Amador County had a large Serbian-American population in the late 1800s due to the California Gold Rush and the county's Serbs established the St. Sava Church Organization of Amador County in 1886–87; the organization was responsible for purchasing land for and building the church.
 Church St. Archangel Michael Kumanovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Црква Свети Архангел Михаил Куманово) is a orthodox church under construction in the Karposh neighborhood in Kumanovo Macedonia.
 Rēzekne Castle ruins are located in the centre of Rēzekne Latvia a city in the centre of Latgale. The castle served as a base of the local Livonian order landlords until the 16th century and also as the main military support base for battles against Russians and Lithuanians. Today fragments of the stone walls and the foundation can be seen on the ancient castle hill.
 The Stewart Dawson's building is a historic building on the corner of Lambton Quay and Willis Street in Wellington New Zealand. Built in 1901 for the London jeweller David Stewart Dawson it is located on a prominent corner in two of Wellington's major streets a site particularly important to history of Wellington .The site of the building had been known since the 1840s as Clay or Windy Point.
 Benjamin Banneker: SW 9 Intermediate Boundary Stone also known as an Intermediate Stone of the District of Columbia is a surveyors' boundary marker stone. It is a one foot square sandstone block extending about 18 inches above ground and probably about 2 feet below ground.The stone is one of 40 boundary markers of the original District of Columbia. It presently marks the boundary between the City of Falls Church and Arlington County Virginia.
 Men's Central Jail is a Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department County Jail for men in Los Angeles Los Angeles County California United States. Built in 1963 it is one of the oldest County Prisons in California. The Men's Central Jail is located at 441 Bauchet St. Los Angeles 90012.
 The Bahrain Mall is a multistorey shopping mall situated in Sanabis Manama city of the Kingdom of Bahrain. The mall features 1600 parking spaces. The complex covers 70000 square metres and attracts about 480000 visitors per month.
 Christ the King Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in Gaborone Botswana. It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaborone. The current bishop is Valentine Tsamma Seane.
 Moreland Terrace Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Moreland Terrace Ash Bedford and Page Streets in New Bedford Massachusetts.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Reflections at Bukit Chandu is a World War II interpretive centre developed and managed by the National Archives of Singapore located on Bukit Chandu (Opium Hill) off Pasir Panjang Road in Singapore.The Centre was officially opened Dr Tony Tan (then Singapore's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence) on 15 February 2002. This date also marks the 60th anniversary of the fall of Singapore in 1942.
 The Freimann Hotel Building is one of Green Bay's oldest continuing commercial establishments. It is located along the Fox River State Recreational Trail.
 Tabby Manse also known as Thomas Fuller House is a building in Beaufort South Carolina.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It may be a contributing property in the Beaufort Historic District which is a National Historic Landmark.
 The Cathedral Church of Our Lady and St Philip Howard is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Arundel West Sussex England. Dedicated in 1873 as the Catholic parish church of Arundel it became a cathedral at the foundation of the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton in 1965. It now serves as the seat of the Bishop of Arundel and Brighton.
 Eddings Point Community Praise House is a historic church located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. It was built about 1900 and is a narrow one-story gable roofed building of frame construction with the entrance in the gable end. It is significant as one of four known extant African-American praise houses on St.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Church is a historic church on Berger Street in Lawrenceburg Tennessee.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 New Creation Church is a megachurch in Singapore. It was founded in 1984 and reportedly has a 31000 strong local congregation at The Star Performing Arts Centre (The Star PAC) at Buona Vista and other venues such as Marina Bay Sands Ballrooms and selected Cathay and Golden Village Cineplexes. New Creation Church held its inaugural service at The Star PAC on 23 December 2012 to celebrate Christmas as well as its move to the new performing arts venue at one-north.
 The Burlington Cedar Rapids & Northern Passenger Depot now known as the Dows Depot Welcome Center is an historic building located in Dows Iowa United States. The depot was built in 1896 and serves the Burlington Cedar Rapids and Northern Railway. It was the first railway depot in Wright County. It passed to the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad and continued to serve as a working depot until 1980. The Dows Historical Society bought and restored the depot in 1988.
 The Cathedral Church of St Andrew is a Catholic cathedral in the West End of the city of Dundee Scotland. The cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Dunkeld and mother church of the Diocese of Dunkeld within the Province of St Andrews and Edinburgh. The bishop since 9 January 2014 is Stephen Robson.
 The Dudley Spencer House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Wilmington Delaware.Wright designed this home in 1956 and named it Laurel. This house is of the hemicycle design and is built of irregularly coursed fieldstone. This single story house has a flat roof with curvilinear extensions and windows under roof extensions. The interior fireplace and hearth serves as dominant structural and aesthetic element.
 Hawthorne also known as the Browder Place and Davis House is a historic Italianate plantation house and historic district in Prairieville Alabama USA. This area of Hale County was included in Marengo County before the creation of Hale in 1867. Hawthorne is included in the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1994 due to its architectural significance.
 St. Anne’s Church Baslow is a Grade II* listed parish church in Baslow England.
 Salsbruket Chapel (Norwegian: Salsbruket kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Salsbruket. The church is part of the Kolvereid parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was built in 1950 and it seats about 260 people. The chapel was consecrated on 27 August 1950 by Bishop Arne Fjellbu.
 Saint Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in Alexandria is the historical seat of the Pope of Alexandria the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
 The Moses Taft House is an historic house at 50 South Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. Moses Taft was an early industrialist in the historic Blackstone Valley. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places where it is listed at 66 South Main Street.
 The William C. Mooney House also known as the Mooney Mansion is located at 122 North Paul Street in Woodsfield Ohio. The house was placed on the National Register on 1982-03-15.
 The Austen Riggs Center is a psychiatric treatment facility founded in 1913 in Stockbridge Massachusetts.
 The J. Wayne Stark Galleries is an art museum on the campus of Texas A&M University in College Station TX. It is run by the University Art Galleries Department which is a part of the Division of Student Affairs. The art gallery is named after J. Wayne Stark the first director of the Memorial Student Center.
 Old Log Church (Oak Forest Baptist Church) is an historic church in Riverside Kentucky.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Union Church is a historic church on ME 123 in North Harpswell Maine.It was built in 1841 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Salisbury District Hospital is a hospital located in the city of Salisbury in Wiltshire England.Previously Salisbury Hospitals comprised three units. Salisbury Infirmary in Fisherton Street near the centre of the city Odstock Hospital situated some two miles outside the city to the south and Newbridge Hospital dealing with conditions of old age situated on the southern edge of the city.These three units were amalgamated into The Salisbury District Hospital when it opened in 1991.
 San Callisto (English: Saint Callistus Latin: S. Calixti) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome Italy built over the site of Saint Pope Callistus I and the location of his martyrdom. The original building dates form the time of Pope Gregory III who ordered the building of a church on the site. The church has been rebuilt twice since first in the twelfth century and again the current church in 1610.
 Lancaster Presbyterian Church (The Old Presbyterian Church and Cemetery) is a historic church on W. Gay Street in Lancaster South Carolina.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Greene Town Center (also known as The Greene) is a mixed-use development located in Beavercreek Ohio (an eastern suburb of Dayton in Greene County).The complex is an established mixed-use office retail dining and entertainment center and serves as the third major shopping mall in the Dayton region.
 Ogston Hall is a privately owned 18th-century country house situated at Brackenfield near Alfreton Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed building.The Revell family of South Normanton held Ogston in the 14th century by marriage to the Deincourt heiress.The house has its origins about 1500 but was much altered in the 17th century by the Revells.
 The National Museum of the History of the Great Patriotic War (of 1941-1945) (Ukrainian: Національний музей історії Великої Вітчизняної Війни 1941-1945 років Russian: Национальный музей истории Великой Отечественной войны 1941-1945 годов) is a memorial complex commemorating the German-Soviet War located in the southern outskirts of the Pechersk district of Kiev the capital of Ukraine on the picturesque hills on the right-bank of the Dnieper River.The museum has moved two times before ending up in the current location where it was ceremonially opened on May 9 (the Victory Day) 1981 by the Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev. 
 Martin's Tavern is the oldest family-owned restaurant in Washington D.C. founded in 1933. The tavern has hosted each U.S. President from Harry S. Truman to George W. Bush. Martin's is located at 1264 Wisconsin Avenue NW in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 HM Prison Foston Hall is a women's closed category prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the village of Foston in Derbyshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 United Cattle Products (UCP) was a chain of shops and restaurants in the north of England which specialised in tripe dishes. In the 1950s there were 146 restaurants.
 Frölunda Torg is a shopping centre in Gothenburg Sweden. It is one of the largest shopping centres in Scandinavia with approximately 200 shops and more than 10 million visitors in 2009. The shopping centre's total area is about 75000 square metres. The companies housed in Frölunda Torg employ in total 1500 people and their total annual turnover is in excess of 1.6 billion kronor.
 Yakushi-ji (薬師寺) is one of the most famous imperial and ancient Buddhist temples in Japan located in Nara. The temple is the headquarters of the Hossō school of Japanese Buddhism.
 KOIN Center is a 155.15 m (509.0 ft) 35-story skyscraper in Portland Oregon USA. The building the third tallest in the city was designed by the firm of Zimmer Gunsul Frasca Partnership and opened in 1984 at a cost of US$48 million.
 The John M. Peck House is a historic house at 27 Liberty Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1843 and sold to John Peck a local hatter and politician. When it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 its well-preserved Greek Revival styling was highlighted. This principally survives in the treatment of the main entry with a corniced entablature and pilasters.
 Ott's Chapel (also known as Ott's Chapel Sunday School) is a historic chapel in New Castle County Delaware located roughly halfway between Newark Delaware and Elkton Maryland on Ott's Chapel Road.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Pine Slash also known as Prospect Hill is a historic home located at Studley Hanover County Virginia. The main house was built about 1750 and is a one-story dwelling of colonial vertical plank construction with a metal gable roof. In addition to the main house the property includes a contributing second residence and a brick outbuilding both dating from the early 19th century.
 Praga Koneser Center is a complex of residential office cultural and entertainment facilities located on the premisses of the former Warsaw Vodka Factory Koneser. The complex is surrounded by Ząbkowska Nieporęcka Białostocka and Markowska streets from all sides.
 Capt. Joel Robinson House is a historic house at 111 Rocklawn Avenue in Attleboro Massachusetts.The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Priory Church of St Mary and St Hardulph is the Church of England parish church of Breedon on the Hill Leicestershire England. The church has also been known as Breedon Priory and as the Holy Hill Monastery. Originally founded as a monastery in the 7th century the church contains the largest collection and some of the finest examples of Anglo-Saxon sculptures.
 The Jamestown Windmill is a smock mill in Jamestown Rhode Island within the Windmill Hill Historic District on North Road north of Weeden Lane. The 30-foot (9.1 m) high windmill was built in 1787 to grind corn after the British occupational forces destroyed the previous mill around the time of the Battle of Rhode Island. The windmill operated until 1895. Several renovations were done in the 20th century and the mill is presently maintained by the Jamestown Historical Society.
 Snowhill (often misspelled as Snow Hill) is a mixed-use site owned by the Ballymore Group between Snow Hill Queensway and Birmingham Snow Hill station in Birmingham's central business district also known as Colmore Business District in England. The £500 million phased scheme has been partly completed on the site of a former surface car park adjacent to the railway station and Midland Metro terminus.Phase One: As part of the project St.
 Denny Chimes is a 115-foot (35 m) tall campanile tower on the south side of The Quad at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama. The tower was named in honor of George H. Denny who served as university president from 1912 to 1936 and then again in 1941. It is equipped with a 25-bell carillon. The tower is one of the most visible landmarks on campus.
 The Werner-Gilchrist House was a historic house located in the University Heights neighborhood of Albuquerque New Mexico. Built in 1908 as one of the earliest structures on the East Mesa it was considered a pioneering building in Albuquerque's 20th-century suburban growth. It was added to the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties and the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church Rock Creek Parish is a historic Episcopal church located on Rock Creek Church Road NW in Washington D.C. United States.
 Rocknations is the young people's ministry of Life Church UK in Bradford England and Belfast Northern Ireland. Weekly meetings are held for teenagers and young adults. Rocknations is also the name of the church's annual youth conference held in August each year.
 The Carnegie Library in Danville Kentucky is a building at Centre College. Built in 1913 as a Carnegie library it served as the college library until 1967. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Saint Paul's Episcopal Chapel is a historic Episcopal church building in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1859 in a vernacular Gothic Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the 19th Century Spring Hill Neighborhood Thematic Resource on October 18 1984.
 Cavan General Hospital is a public hospital located in Cavan County Cavan Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including a 24-hour emergency department for the population County Cavan and County Monaghan. In 2008 the hospital served 55234 out-patients and 14822 in-patients with an average stay of 4.5 nights. In 2009 72% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 10672 patients.
 The Ox Bow Inn and Saloon is an historic hotel in Payson Arizona. The log inn was built as the Payson Hotel by William and Estlee Wade next to their restaurant the Busy Bee. The rustic inn borrowed design elements from the Old Faithful Inn with which Willie Wade was familiar from time spent in Yellowstone National Park. In 1945 the business was taken over and expanded by Jimmy Cox who renamed the hotel the Ox Bow Inn.
 Zion Chapel Chester is in Grosvenor Park Road Chester Cheshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.The chapel was built in 1879–80 to a design by John Douglas. It was originally a Baptist chapel. It is built in red brick with stone dressings and the roof is of red-brown clay tiles. It consists of an undercroft a church and ancillary rooms.
 Oak Tower also called the Bell Telephone Building is a 28-story skyscraper in Downtown Kansas City Missouri.Hoit Price & Barnes a local firm that conceived many of Kansas City's landmark structures designed the building in association with I.R.
 Arlington Hotel is a historic hotel located at Narrowsburg in Sullivan County New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 31 1983.
 The Universalist Meeting House of Sheshequin is a historic church built in 1827 in Bradford County Pennsylvania. The church is currently used during the months of August and July by the Unitarian Universalist Church of Athens and Sheshequin.Surrounding the church is a contributing cemetery. The cemetery predates the meeting house by about 30 years but was operated together with the church from 1827-1914.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The First Baptist Church of Tarrytown is located on South Broadway (U.S. Route 9) in Tarrytown New York United States. It is a stone building in the Victorian Gothic architectural style dating to the 1870s. In 1983 it and its rectory were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Congregants first met in the 1840s. The first church on the present site was erected in 1847.
 The Greek Orthodox church in Joubert Park Johannesburg is a historical Greek Orthodox Church designed by architect Hermann Kallenbach and built in 1912. It is a SAHRA protected site.
 Emmanuel Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the east end of Belleville Ontario. The church is located on Rollins Drive directly off of Victoria Avenue and it is one of the oldest churches in the city. Emmanuel Baptist Church conducts worship services once every week usually held from 10:30am to 11:30am. As well as standard worship service every Sunday the church also conducts Bible studies prayer meetings and provides services to the community and social gatherings.
 The Doddridge County Courthouse in West Union West Virginia was designed in the Victorian Romanesque style by J. Charles Fulton who designed courthouses in Barbour County and Randolph County. Built in 1899 by contractor John B. Conn the courthouse features stone carvings by James Grant. The courthouse replaced a previous courthouse that was destroyed by fire in 1898.
 The House at 18A and 20 Aborn Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a historic house and carriage house with elaborate Queen Anne styling. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1880s when Aborn Street and the surrounding neighborhood was developed. The house has irregular massing: the main part of the house has a rough L shape but it is studded with porches bay windows and an extended porte cochere.
 The Eaton School in Norridgewock Maine also known as Somerset Grange #18 was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Maison du Chamarier also known as Hôtel d'Estaing is a house at 37 rue Saint-Jean in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon at the corner of Rue de la Bombarde. It was built in 1498 but the ancient ruins are from the thirteenth century. From Latin cameriarus the word Chamarier means the superintendent of the finances of the bishop of the Lyon Cathedral. He also has the keys to the gates of the enclosure canonical. From the fifteenth century he gathered the taxes collected during the fairs.
 Antietam Iron Furnace Site and Antietam Village is a national historic district at Antietam Washington County Maryland United States. The district consists of the remains of a mid-18th to late-19th century iron furnace site and the nearby related village. Remnants of the ironworks include a dam and race a possible wheel pit or building foundation the possible location of a furnace stack a four-arch stone bridge built by John Weaver in 1832.
 Commercial Bank and Banker's House also known as First Church of Christ Scientist and Banker's House built in 1833 is an historic Greek Revival style building located on a parcel lying between Main and Canal streets in Natchez Mississippi. For security reasons it was designed to contain both the bank and the banker's residence. Its Main Street facade is of marble while the other elevations are of stuccoed brick.
 Aosta Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Aosta Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta e San Giovanni Battista; French: Cathédrale d'Aoste Cathédrale Notre-Dame-de-l'Assomption et Saint-Jean-le-Baptiste) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Aosta in north-west Italy built in the 4th century.In the 11th century the Palaeo-Christian structure was replaced by a new edifice dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
 St. Anthony Hospital is an acute care hospital in Pendleton in the U.S. state of Oregon. The 25-bed facility licensed for 49 beds is a level 4 trauma center. Opened in 1902 it is part of the Catholic Health Initiatives and is accredited by the Joint Commission. The new campus sits along U.S. Route 395 on the south side of the city.
 Seth Knapp Jr. House is a historic colonial American house at 82 Water Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1735 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The William Salt Library is a library and archive in Stafford Staffordshire.
 The Nevada-California-Oregon Railroad Depot was built by the Nevada-California-Oregon Railway in 1910 in Reno Nevada. It is Nevada Historical Marker number 210. It is also listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The depot is a two-story rectangular brick building that has a variety of design styles. The low-pitch hip roof is clad in red Spanish tiles. The lower floor has Roman arches around the doors and windows.
 Glen Echo is a neighborhood located in the far northern part of the University District in Columbus Ohio. The area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The name Glen Echo refers to Glen Echo Ravine which runs along the northern edge of the neighborhood. Principal streets in the area are Glen Echo Drive Summit Street Glenmawr Avenue North Forth Street Arcadia Cliffside Drive and more.
 The A.V. Quinn House also known as Pine Gables was built in Evanston Wyoming in 1883. The Victorian style house is a largely unaltered representative of the Queen Anne style in Evanston. The house was built for Anthony V. Quinn a local banker who arrived in Evanston in the 1870s. Quinn became a prosperous landowner and a politician in the Wyoming Territory. His wife Mattie was involved in the Women's Temperance Movement and is reputed to haunt the house.
 Howard Block is a historic block at 93-97 Main Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The block was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 Main and Military Plazas Historic District is a historic district in San Antonio Texas.
 Thoor Ballylee Castle (Irish Túr Bhaile Uí Laí) is a fortified 15th (or 16th) century Hiberno-Norman tower house built by the septs de Burgo or Burke near the town of Gort in County Galway Ireland. It is also known as Yeats' Tower because it was once owned and inhabited by the poet William Butler Yeats.
 The Kaufmann's Department Store Warehouse (also known as the Forbes Stevenson Building or Forbes Med-Tech Center) located in the Bluff neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Cozzens House Hotel later known as the Canfield House was a pioneer hotel located at 9th & Harney Streets in downtown Omaha Nebraska. Constructed in by Union Pacific promoter George Francis Train the 120-room hotel cost $60000 to build in 1867. The hotel was widely regarded as the finest hotel between Chicago Illinois and San Francisco California when it was constructed.
 St George in the Meadows is a parish church in the Church of England in The Meadows Nottingham.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Paul van Waarden was a restaurant in Rijswijk Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2002-2012. The loss of the Michelin star for 2013 was a real shock for the restaurant and they requested a discussion with Michelin.
 The Church of All Saints in Trull Somerset England has a tower dating from the 13th century; the rest is 15th-century. The building has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church was served by the monks of Taunton Priory until 1308.The east window dating from the 15th century depicts the crucifixion with St John and the Mother of Jesus at the foot of the Cross.
 Hillsborough Historic District in Hillsborough North Carolina is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973.It includes separately-NRHP-listed Burwell School Eagle Lodge Heartsease and perhaps other NRHP-listed properties.
 St Katharine Cree is a Church of England church in the Aldgate ward of the City of London on the north side of Leadenhall Street near Leadenhall Market. It was founded in 1280. The present building dates from 1628 –1630. Formerly a parish church it is now a guild church.
 The Walter Frost House is an historic house at 10 Frost Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story wood frame house was built in 1807 and was originally located on Massachusetts Avenue. The Federal style house was moved to its present location in 1866 to make way for the North Avenue Congregational Church which was moved to its site.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Tulsa Expo Center from 2007 to 2012 also called the QuikTrip Center is the center of the Tulsa State Fair and one of the largest clearspan buildings in the world. The Expo Center provides 354000 square feet (32900 m2) of column-free space under a cable-suspended roof. The building spans 448400 total square feet on two levels connected by side ramps and stairs allowing for a variety of show floor plans.
 The Brick Castle of William Bull III an early settler of the region is located on a hill overlooking the Wallkill River in the Town of Wallkill in Orange County New York. It was built by Bull sometime in the 1780s. Bull and his son William IV on returning home from serving with Gen. George Washington's campaign against the British had been impressed with the buildings of Baltimore and other Atlantic seaports visited during his military service.
 Courthouse in Września is a three-storey building in gdańsk renaissance style built in 1906.
 Burgruine Gutrat is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 Bradford Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in Bradford Pennsylvania in McKean County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 9 1991.It was built in 1912 for Company C 16th Infantry of the Pennsylvania National Guard. The yellow brick 60-by-117-foot (18 by 36 m) building was designed in the Romanesque Revival style.
 Taftville is a small village in eastern Connecticut. It is a neighborhood of Norwich but has its own post office (ZIP Code 06380). It was established in 1866 as site for the large Taftville Mill later Ponemah Mill. The village is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Taftville and as alternative name Taftville/Ponemah Mill National Register Historic District.Currently redevelopment of the large mill is being conducted by The O'Neill Group in conjunction with OneKey LLC.
 The Sussex Post Office and Store also known as Sussex Community Hall is located on the north bank of the Powder River in southeast Johnson County about twenty miles east of Kaycee Wyoming. The store was built in 1914 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 St. Mary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Torrington Connecticut United States. Founded on October 26 1919. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 St. Philips Moravian Church is the oldest surviving African American church building in North Carolina. The Moravian church was built in 1861 on the east side of South Church Street near Race Street in Winston-Salem North Carolina. St Philips was enlarged in 1890 and remained in continuous use until 1952. In 2004 it was restored by Old Salem Museums & Gardens for use as an interpreted building; worship services are still held at the church on special occasions.
 The Houston Museum of Natural Science is a science museum located on the northern border of Hermann Park in Houston Texas USA. The museum was established in 1909 by the Houston Museum and Scientific Society an organization whose goals were to provide a free institution for the people of Houston focusing on education and science. Museum attendance totals over two million visitors each year.
 The Shambaugh House in Westport Connecticut was built in 1923 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 George Sharswood School is a historic school building located in the Whitman neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1906-1908. It is a three-story seven bay brick building in the Colonial Revival-style. It features projecting end bays with entrances a large stone cornice and brick and stone parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Dobytown is a ghost town in Kearney County Nebraska United States three miles west of Fort Kearny. Officially named Kearney City the community was established in 1859. Its common name of Dobytown was derived from the resemblance of its twelve to fifteen earthen buildings to adobe structures.[citation needed] Although the community no longer exists the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The City Hall of Rock Springs Wyoming located at 4th and B Sts. in Rock Springs is a gray sandstone building that was built in 1894. It includes Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in a design by Salt Lake City architect M.D. Kern.
 Bayrakli Mosque (Bulgarian: Байракли джамия) also known as Yokush Mosque (Bulgarian: Йокуш джамия) is a historical mosque in Samokov Bulgaria constructed in 1845.
 Grace Methodist Episcopal Church (Grace United Methodist Church ) is a historic church at 944 S. Topeka in Wichita Kansas.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Takao Railway Museum (Chinese: 打狗鐵道故事館; pinyin: Dǎgǒu Tiědào Gùshìguǎn) is a museum in Gushan Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 The Robert C. Williams Paper Museum is a research institution and public museum dedicated to the preservation of the history of paper and paper technology. Located inside the Institute of Paper Science and Technology at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta Georgia United States the museum features the largest collection of paper and paper-related artifacts in the world including watermarks papers tools machines and manuscripts.
 St. Vincent's Medical Center Riverside is a 528-bed full service tertiary care Catholic hospital located in Jacksonville Florida. It is the largest non-profit Catholic hospital in the United States and is owned by St. Vincent's HealthCare. Located in the Riverside area it was launched in 1916 by the Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul.
 The Ashland Place Historic District is a historic district in the city of Mobile Alabama United States. The neighborhood gained its name from a Greek Revival antebellum house called Ashland that once stood on Lanier Avenue. Ashland was famous as the home of Augusta Evans Wilson. The house burned in 1926. The Ashland Place Historic District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 23 1987.
 Slade Hall (anciently Milkwall Slade) is Grade II* listed mansion located on Slade Lane in Longsight Manchester. Parts of the structure date back to around 1160 though much rebuilding took place in 1585 under the instruction of the Siddall family who lived there. This composite estate belonged from about the middle of the 13th century until the reign of Elizabeth I the property of a branch of the family of Manchester who adopted the local surname. It was then sold to the Siddall family.
 The Magee Farm also known as the Jacob Magee House is a historic residence in Kushla Alabama United States. Built by Jacob Magee in 1848 the 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame structure is an example of the Gulf Coast Cottage style. The house is best known as the site of preliminary arrangements for the surrender of the last Confederate States Army east of the Mississippi River. Confederate General Richard Taylor negotiated a ceasefire with Union General Edward Canby at the house on April 29 1865.
 The Palisades Mountain House was a hotel located atop the palisades in Englewood New Jersey during the late 19th century.
 Fort Schuyler is a preserved 19th century fortification in the New York City borough of the Bronx. It houses a museum the Stephen B. Luce Library and the Marine Transportation Department and Administrative offices of the State University of New York Maritime College. It is considered one of the finest examples of French-style fortifications. The fort was named in honor of Major General Philip Schuyler of the Continental Army.
 Kirkoswald Parish Church is located in the small village of Kirkoswald (on the A77 road) South Ayrshire Scotland. It is a parish church in the Church of Scotland.The church is unusual in that its design was at the very least strongly influenced by Robert Adam one of Scotland's outstanding architects. He was working at the time on his masterpiece Culzean Castle and there are many Adam features about the church. It was built in 1777 and is essentially unchanged since.
 The Basílica i Temple Expiatori de la Sagrada Família (Catalan pronunciation: [səˈɣɾaðə fəˈmiɫiə]; English: Basilica and Expiatory Church of the Holy Family) is a large Roman Catholic church in Barcelona Spain designed by Catalan architect Antoni Gaudí (1852–1926). Although incomplete the church is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and in November 2010 Pope Benedict XVI consecrated and proclaimed it a minor basilica as distinct from a cathedral which must be the seat of a bishop.
 The Villa Magna Condominium Complex was an urban development that was planned to rise in Brickell downtown Miami Florida. It was approved in 2006 by the city council and the Federal Aviation Administration and construction was slated to begin in April 2007. The ending date was approximated to be late 2008 or early 2009; however the housing crisis of the late 2000s halted the project.The complex was to feature two twin towers Villa Magna Condominiums I and Villa Magna Condominiums II.
 The Nathaniel Curtis House is a Georgian style house in Stratford Connecticut that was built in 1735. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was moved by water on a barge in 1973 and is now located on the bank of the Housatonic River. The house's most notable feature is its handsome front facade.
 The Burlingame-Noon House is an historic house built around 1800 at 3261 Mendon Rd in Cumberland Rhode Island.The structure was originally a simple one-and-one-half-story five-room-plan centre-chimney Federal style cottage constructed in the first decades of the 19th century. In the middle of the century it was enlarged into a two-and-one half-story flank-gable Greek Revival house.
 The Hope and Anchor is a pub on Upper Street in the London Borough of Islington. During the mid-1970s it was one of the first pubs to embrace the emergent but brief phenomenon of pub rock. With the decline of this movement the pub went on to become a leading venue in the punk rock movement.The Hope & Anchor Front Row Festival which took place between Tuesday 22 November and Thursday 15 December 1977 featured numerous pub rock punk and new wave groups.
 The Old Acropolis Museum was an archaeological museum located in Athens Greece on the archeological site of Acropolis. It is built in a niche at the eastern edge of the rock and most of it lies beneath the level of the hilltop making it largely invisible. It was considered one of the major archaeological museums in Athens. Due to its limited size the Greek government decided in the late 1980s to build a new museum. The New Acropolis Museum is now built at the foot of the Acropolis.
 Clerkenwell Bridewell was a prison located in the Clerkenwell area immediately north of the City of London (in the modern London Borough of Islington) between c.1615 and 1794 when it was superseded by the nearby Coldbath Fields Prison in Mount Pleasant. It was named 'Bridewell' after the Bridewell Palace which during the 16th century had become one of the City of London's most important prisons. Next-door was another prison the New Prison built in around 1617.
 Riley Towers are three residential high rises in Indianapolis Indiana. They were completed in 1963. Towers 1 and 2 have 30 floors and Tower 3 has 17 floors. They are the tallest residential buildings in the state of Indiana.List of tallest buildings in Indianapolis
 Indian Field Methodist Campground is a camp meeting site for the Methodist Church in Dorchester County South Carolina. It is on SC Route S-18-73 off US Route 15 about 5 mi (8 km) north of Saint George. Indian Field was built in 1848 and has been a site for religious gatherings for over 160 years. It was named a historic district of the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1973.
 Liston House is a historic home located at Taylors Bridge New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1739 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling with a gambrel roof. It has a 1 1/2-story frame addition. The house has two end wall chimneys and shed roofed dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Matthew Cottrill House is located in Damariscotta Maine. The house was built in 1801 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 2 1974.
 The Chillicothe Water and Power Company Pumping Station is a historic building on the northern side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. A Gothic Revival structure built in 1881 it was constructed to house the city's waterworks and power plant.
 The General Treasury Building (also known as the Treasury or the Treasury Building) is the building that houses the Treasury of Sri Lanka and the Ministry of Finance & Planning along with several of its departments. It was formally known as the Secretariat Building therefore it is still officially referred to as the The Secretariat. It is situated in the Colombo fort next to the Old Parliament Building which is now the Presidential Secretariat.
 The Pennsylvania School for the Deaf is the third-oldest school of its kind in the United States. Its founder David G. Seixas (1788–1864) was a Philadelphia crockery maker-dealer who became concerned with the plight of impoverished deaf children that he observed on the city's streets. The current school building is listed by the National Register of Historic Places and two former campuses are similarly recognized.
 McNeer House is a historic home located near Salt Sulphur Springs Monroe County West Virginia. It was built in 1919 and is a 2 1/2 story frame dwelling painted white in the Colonial Revival style. It has a rear service area that features a two-story U-shaped wing with a one-story rear portico with Doric order columns between the arms of the U. It features a two-story flat-roofed portico supported by four Doric columns across the central bay of the front elevation.
 The Cherry Valley Coke Ovens consisted of 200 coke ovens built by the Leetonia Iron and Coal Company around 1866 near Leetonia Ohio United States. The function of the beehive coke ovens was to purify coal and turn it into coke. The coke was burned in furnaces that produced iron and steel. The site also known as Cherry Valley Coke Ovens Arboretum was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. An Ohio Historical Marker was added in 1999.
 The Alfred E. Robindreau House is a historic house at 28 Lafayette Street in Arlington Massachusetts. This house built c. 1920 and first occupiedy by a poultry dealer is a rare well-preserved 1.5 story bungalow-style house in a neighborhood generally filled with Shingle and Colonial Revival houses.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Miller and Herriott House also known as the Miller and Herriott Tract House is a historic Victorian house in the North University Park section of Los Angeles California. Built in 1890 the house is considered to be a combination of Stick and Eastlake styles. The identity of the architect is not known though some have attributed the design to Joseph Cather Newsom. A short distance from the University of Southern California campus the house is now used primarily for student housing.
 The Houston Carnegie Library at Madison and Huddleston Sts. in Houston Mississippi is a Carnegie library that was built in 1909. It was the first Carnegie library built in Mississippi and was just the second public library in the state. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Woman's Club of White Plains originally known as the Thomas H. Kerr Residence is a historic clubhouse located at White Plains Westchester County New York. It was built in 1910 as a residence and enlarged in 1932 after being acquired as a clubhouse for the Contemporary Club. McKim Mead and (Sanford) White were the architects of this property which originally had 41 acres including a small farm and extensive orchards.
 School Street School is an historic school building at School and Fruit Streets in Taunton Massachusetts. The school was designed by Gustavus L. Smith and built in 1896-97. The school's design is similar to that of two other Smith-designed schools in Taunton Leonard School and Washington School; these schools are all two-story brick buildings with hip roofs. The School Street School was designed in the Georgian Revival style which can be seen in its windows and corner quoins.
 The Yorke Arms is a restaurant and hotel located in Ramsgill in Nidderdale North Yorkshire England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.The Yorke Arms was featured in The Trip a 2010 BBC comedy starring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon as fictionalised versions of themselves doing a restaurant tour of northern England.
 Northern Hotel is a historic building located in the Downtown Core of Billings Montana at 19 North Broadway. The hotel was first built in 1902 by two of Billings early business tycoons P.B. Moss and Henry W Rowley. The hotel opened in 1904. The hotel which had hosted Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson was destroyed by a huge fire in 1940.
 St Mary's Church is the parish church of Appledore. It sits on the Quay overlooking the River Torridge. The foundation stone of the church was laid in 1836 the church being dedicated two years later. The sailing ship Marco Polo was used to create the wooden screen. The creation of a church in Appledore is believed to be due to Protestant dissenters being ejected from nearby Northam Parish Church in 1662 and opening their own chapel in 1699.
 Olo is a restaurant in Helsinki Finland founded by Pekka Terävä Petri Lukkarinen and Timo Sailama in 2006. It is located on Pohjoisesplanadi 5 in central Helsinki. Olo was awarded one Michelin star in 2011. The Finnish gastronomical society chose Olo as the restaurant of the year in 2009.
 Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur is a 39-storey hotel in Kuala Lumpur that officially opened August 24 2012. The hotel is part of Hyatt Hotels Corporation properties. Grand Hyatt Kuala Lumpur a 412-room hotel is located within Menara Darussalam which also comprises office spaces from level 3 to 15. The hotel is situated along Jalan Pinang and adjacent to the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre.
 Frouckje State is a restaurant in Ryptsjerk in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2009–2013. In the period 2006-2008 the restaurant was awarded a Bib Gourmand.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.Head chef of Frouckje State is Gilbert van der Heide. He took over the reign of the kitchen in 2006 when chef René Vaartjes left.Frouckje State is in existence from 1976 as a party centre and restaurant.
 Maxstoke Castle is a privately owned moated castle dating from medieval times situated to the north of Maxstoke Warwickshire.
 The James O'Connor Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 23 Endicott Street in Worcester Massachusetts. At time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was recognized as a well preserved example of a wood frame Queen Anne building featuring a three story porch with decorative turned wood balusters and porch supports and wood siding with decorative bands of cut shingles. However since then the house has been resided and the porches removed.
 Creeting St. Olave Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 The Parish House at 109 S. F St. in Virginia City Nevada is a well-preserved historic Italianate-style house that was built in 1876. It is included in the Virginia City Historic District. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It was deemed significant for association with persons who lived there and for its architecture.
 The Skovshoved Petrol Station (Danish: Skovshoved Tankstation) is a historic still-operating filling station in Skovshoved at the northern outskirts of Copenhagen Denmark. First opened in 1936 it was designed by Arne Jacobsen and is an example of the functionalist style typical of the time. It is Class A listed and was thoroughly restored in 2002.
 Lichfield Heritage Centre is a museum dedicated to the history and heritage of the city of Lichfield. The museum is located on the south side of the market square on the second floor of St Mary's Church in the centre of Lichfield Staffordshire in the United Kingdom.The museum was opened by the Earl of Lichfield on 30th May 1981 when the 19th century city centre church was converted into a multi-purpose building to serve the community.
 Doon Heritage Village is a living history museum located in Kitchener Ontario Canada which recreates life in rural Waterloo County during the year 1914. It has more than 22 buildings on more than 24 hectares (60 acres) next to Homer Watson Park. The museum is owned and operated by the Region of Waterloo.Construction began in late 2008 on the new Waterloo Region Museum. The museum is located at the entrance to Doon Heritage Village and the building opened on May 1 2010.
 50 Fremont Center is a 43-story 183 m (600 ft) office skyscraper completed in 1985 at Fremont and Mission Streets on the boundary of the financial district and South of Market Area (SOMA) of San Francisco California. 50 Fremont street was developed and owned by Fremont Properties who sold the building in 2000 which was later purchased by Hines who in turn sold the property to TIAA-CREF in early 2005. Hines Interests Limited Partnership provides property management for this building.
 St. Augustine's Episcopal Church in Gary Indiana is a historic congregation and building in the Episcopal Diocese of Northern Indiana.
 Congregational Church—Grand Isle (Grand Isle Union United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 12 Hyde Road in Grand Isle Vermont.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 Dubai Creek Tower (Arabic: برج خور دبي‎ burj khor dubaīy) is a building in Dubai United Arab Emirates (UAE). Located along the Dubai Creek the Dubai Creek Tower is situated in eastern Dubai in Deira. The building constructed in 1995 is part of the old Dubai downtown along the Dubai Creek and was the second-tallest building in Dubai at the time of its construction (behind the Dubai World Trade Centre).
 Crawford-Gardner House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. Ellis Thayer Crawford was the senior member of Crawford and Ashby a real estate firm dealing in coal and timber lands. He and his wife built this homearound 1904. It is an American Foursquare-style house that features an intricately patterned wood floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 The New Market Hotel and Store is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Market Minnesota.
 Mulberry Fields is a historic home located at Beauvue St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It was built about 1763 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story 5-bay by 2-bay hip-roofed brick house. On the front is a two-story Doric portico built about 1820.
 The Prowers Bridge over the Arkansas River near Prowers Colorado is a historic bridge that was built in 1902 by the Pueblo Bridge Co.. It includes 3 Camelback truss 2 Pratt through truss and one Pratt pony truss components. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is the last surviving out of more than 6 multispan bridges built during 1890-1910 that crossed the wide floodplains of the lower Arkansas River.
 Camp Olmsted is a summer camping facility in Cornwall on Hudson New York operated by the Five Points Mission a Methodist organization. It is located along Bayview Avenue NY 218 near Storm King Mountain.It was founded in 1901 when the mission which had been working to improve conditions for residents of the eponymous Manhattan slum (depicted in the Martin Scorsese film Gangs of New York) since 1848.
 Karen Hospital is a private hospital located in Karen suburb Nairobi Kenya.
 Crescent Grange Hall No. 512 is an historic one-story wooden Grange hall located west of Martin Lake on Typo Lake Road in Linwood Township near East Bethel Minnesota United States. It was built in 1881 in the frame vernacular style of architecture. On December 26 1979 Crescent Grange Hall No. 512 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Solomons United Methodist Church is an historic United Methodist church building located at 14454 Solomon's Island Road South in Solomons Calvert County Maryland. Built in 1870 in a simple tidewater style with some Gothic Revival features such as the steep roof front lancet window and side belfry and entrance it is the oldest standing church building in Solomons and the congregation founded in 1865 is also the oldest one in Solomons. The church's current pastor is the Rev.
 The Borden House in Prairie Grove Arkansas is a house built in 1862 on the National Register of Historic Places. In the Battle of Prairie Grove on December 7 1862 the site of the Borden House was the central of heavy casualties. The original house was burned the subsequent day. Archibald Borden built the current house on the original site. The house remains on the original site within Prairie Grove Battlefield State Park.
 SM City Baliwag is a shopping mall in the Philippines owned developed and operated by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the Bulacan Province after SM City Marilao the 3rd and last SM Mall among the company's expansion in 2008 and the 33rd SM Mall in the list. The mall is located at DRT Highway Brgy. Pagala Baliwag Bulacan.
 The St. Augustine Pirate & Treasure Museum is a museum dedicated to pirates artifacts.Formerly known as the Pirate Soul Museum the museum was located at 524 Front Street Key West Florida United States. It was announced in February 2010 that the museum was being moved to St Augustine Florida. It reopened there on December 8 2010 as the St.
 The Mary Fiske Stoughton House at 90 Brattle Street in Cambridge Massachusetts is a National Historic Landmark and an icon of American architecture. Henry Hobson Richardson designed the house in 1882 in what is now called the Shingle Style with a minimum of ornament and shingles stretching over the building's irregular volumes like a skin.
 St Andrew's Church Cranford is a redundant Anglican church in Cranford St Andrew Northamptonshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the park of Cranford Hall to the southwest of the house.
 The King Fahd Hospital of the University (KFHU) in Khobar Saudi Arabia ten kilometres south of the Uinversity of Dammam(previously called King Faisal University) was founded in 1981 (1401H). The hospital's main purpose is the training of students during their clinical years.It has a 440-bed capacity distributed in a four-floor building. Each floor has different wards and serves a different category of patients.
 The Twentieth Century Club is a women's social club founded in the late 19th century in Buffalo New York. It is located at 595 Delaware Avenue in the Delaware District neighborhood. It was the first club run by women for women in the United States.The club developed out of the Graduates Association of the Buffalo Seminary spearheaded by Charlotte Mulligan a teacher writer and musician from a well-to-do family. She envisioned a club rich in tradition education and culture.
 Waitman T. Willey House is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1839-1840 and is a 1 1/2 story L-shaped brick residence in the Classical Revival style. The front facade features a one-story pentastyle portico with five fluted wood Doric order columns and a high pitched triangular pediment. It was built for Waitman T. Willey (1811-1900) noted lawyer orator and statesman.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Torrington Main Post Office in Torrington Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Torrington was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 Watsontown River Bridge is a historic bridge in Watsontown Northumberland County Pennsylvania and White Deer Township Union County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1927 and consists of nine open spandrel arches with a total length of 1080-foot-long (330 m). It is constructed of concrete and crosses the Susquehanna River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Congregation Sharey Tzedek Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 833 S. 200 East in Salt Lake City Utah.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Old Main Street Historic District in Racine Wisconsin is an area including a section of Main Street and which is roughly bounded by Second St. Lake Ave. Fifth St. and Wisconsin Ave. It is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) area with elements dating back to 1847. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. In 1987 it included 73 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.
 Villa Bonita is an historic apartment building on Hillcrest Road in Hollywood California. The building is located a short walk from the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue just north of Franklin Avenue and west of Highland. It was designed by Frank Webster and built in 1929. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 based on its architecture.
 House at 362 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1875 and expanded in 1890. It consists of a three-bay 2-story main section with a mansard roof and 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed wing in the Second Empire style. It features a shed-roofed porch with scrollsawn corner brackets.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 United States Post Office-Port Townsend Main was built in 1893. Architects M.E. Bell and W.J. Edbrooke have association in designing and/or supervising roles. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is located in Cheneyville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 1980.
 Benton also known as Spring Hill is a house in Loudoun County Virginia near Middleburg. The house was built by William Benton a brickmaker and builder around 1831. Benton had made a journey to Wales to collect an inheritance shortly after 1822 and there saw a house that he admired and wished to replicate on his own lands. He called the house Spring Hill.
 Ålfoten Church (Norwegian: Ålfoten kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Ålfoten very close to the shore of the Ålfotfjorden. The church is part of the Ålfoten parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The cog-joint wooden long church was built in the 17th century to replace an older church.Ålfoten Church which can seat 100 people was built in the 17th century.
 The Gen. William Worth Belknap House in Keokuk Iowa United States was built in 1854. The Greek Revival style house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. William Worth Belknap moved to Keokuk from upstate New York in the 1853. He was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 1857. He was involved in several battles during the American Civil War and was brevetted a Major General. He served as Secretary of War under President Ulysses S. Grant.
 Bethlehem Silk Mill is a historic silk mill complex located at Bethlehem Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1886 and expanded about 1896 and about 1901. The complex once consisted of a total of seven interconnected historic buildings that formed an open rectangular plan around two central courtyards. Some of the buildings have been demolished.
 The A.I. Marinesko museum of the history of Russian Submarine Forces is a state museum situated in Saint-Petersburg. Museum was named in honor of great soviet submarine commander Alexander Marinesko. The only museum of Russian Submarine Forces.
 St. Peter's Kierch also called the Old Kierch or St. Peter's Church is a historic Lutheran church in Middletown Dauphin County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Construction began in 1767 and it was dedicated by Henry Muhlenberg in 1769. St. Peter's Kierch was used regularly until 1879 when a large church was completed. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Bradbury Cell was a monastery in County Durham England.
 Poplar Chapel AME Church is a historic African Methodist church in Rayville Louisiana.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The Millennium Tower is located on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower rises 285 m (935 ft) and has 60 floors. It was completed in 2006. The Millennium Tower contains 301 three-bedroom and 106 two-bedroom apartments. Located beside the tower is a 10-storey carpark with 471 parking bays.
 Lockesburg Waterworks are a waterworks in the United States and were built in 1936. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 River Landing Village is a mixed-use developed proposed for Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is being built by Victory Majors Investments Corp.
 The Pacific Place Jakarta is an international shopping mall located in the Sudirman Central Business District South Jakarta Indonesia. The building is divided into three different sections: the six-floor Pacific Place mall the One Pacific Place office center and the three tower The Ritz-Carlton Pacific Place hotel. This Dua Mutiara project was originally designed as a triangular building a common design in the vicinity. The mall opened in November 2007.
 Somerley is a large house and grounds in the civil parish of Ellingham Harbridge and Ibsley in the New Forest district in Hampshire England. It is 2 miles (3 km) west of the New Forest National Park. The nearest town is Ringwood which lies approximately 2.5 miles (4 km) south-east from the house just east off the River AvonThe house is the home of the sixth earl of Normanton. It was designed by Samuel Wyatt in 1792-95 the house became the property of the Normanton family in 1825.
 The Royal Sussex County Hospital is an acute teaching hospital in Brighton England. Together with the Princess Royal Hospital (Haywards Heath) it is administered by the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals NHS Trust. The services provided at the hospital include an Emergency Department cancer services at the Sussex Cancer Centre cardiac surgery maternity services and both adult and neonatal intensive care units.
 The Cohn–Sichel House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 San Diego Marriott Marquis & Marina originally called the San Diego Marriott Hotel and Marina is a hotel in San Diego California. Located in the Marina district of Downtown San Diego the hotel is composed of two towers of equal height. The two towers are the 20th tallest buildings in San Diego and are a prominent fixture in the city's skyline. The 25-story towers have a height of 361 ft (110 m) and contain 1362 rooms.
 The Ogle County Courthouse is a National Register of Historic Places listing in the Ogle County Illinois county seat of Oregon. The building stands on a public square in the city's downtown commercial district. The current structure was completed in 1891 and was preceded by two other buildings one of which was destroyed by a group of outlaws. Following the destruction of the courthouse the county was without a judicial building for a period during the 1840s.
 Newry Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Patrick and Saint Colman is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Newry Northern Ireland. It acts as the seat of the Bishop of Dromore and the head church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dromore.
 The Planetarium of Nantes is located on the right bank of the Loire near the Jules Verne Museum.
 Old Sacramento State Historic Park is located within the Old Sacramento Historic District of Sacramento California. It is generally referred to as Old Sacramento or Old Sac and since the 1960s has been restored and developed as a significant tourist attraction. The Old Sacramento Historic District is a U.S. National Historic Landmark District.
 The former Zanesville YWCA located at 49 North 6th Street in Zanesville Ohio United States is an historic building built in 1926 for members of the Young Women's Christian Association. It was designed by Howell & Thomas. On July 17 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now Bryan Place.
 Springdale is a historic home located at Crozier Goochland County Virginia. The original section was built about 1800. It is a two-story three bay Federal period brick farmhouse with a frame addition. It is one of the few documented one-over-one-over-one houses in Goochland County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Virginia Military Institute Historic District is a 12-acre (4.9 ha) portion of the Virginia Military Institute that was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The district includes Barracks Virginia Military Institute which was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965. It may include Stono a place separately listed on the National Register.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 Spizzico is an Italian franchise quick-service pizza restaurant chain which belongs to the company Autogrill operating world-wide. There are currently 169 restaurants in Italy Greece Switzerland France and the USA.[citation needed] Typical locations include motorways airports railway stations high streets shopping malls and trade fairs. Often Spizzico restaurants share the same building with other fast food restaurant chains run by Autogrill.
 The Eastman Dental Dispensary was built in 1917. Prior to that time local benefactors provided funds for the indigent children of Rochester to receive free dental services in several city locations. George Eastman provided the funds to build a free dispensary in Rochester. In 1978 the entity now named Eastman Dental moved to the University of Rochester campus. The original dispensary sits vacant on East Main street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Salmon Washburn House is a historic house located at 68 Winthrop Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1860 for prosperous local businessman Salmon Washburn who ran a furniture housewares and hardware business on Main Street. The two-story house is built on a square plan with a low-pitch hipped roof and very broad cornice. Dominating the stucco façade is a bold semi-circular-arched doorway inset with an elaborate cast-iron screen cast in foliate pattern in the transom area.
 Belmont Hall is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1838 and 1844 and is a 2 1/2-story gable-roofed stuccoed brick building. It features a porch on three sides supported by Doric order columns. The building was renovated in 1911 in the Classical Revival style. It was built as a private dwelling In 1950 the University of Delaware purchased the building as a home for its president.
 The Charles J. and Ingrid V. (Frendberg) Koebel House is a private house located at 203 Cloverly Road in Grosse Pointe Farms. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Oxmoor Center is a Louisville Kentucky shopping mall located at 7900 Shelbyville Road in eastern Louisville.
 The Hotel Florida was situated at Plaza de Callao in central Madrid Spain. It was built in 1924 and was used as a base by many of the foreign correspondents stationed in Madrid during the Spanish Civil War. While based in Spain as a correspondent for the North American News Association (NANA) Ernest Hemingway stayed at the hotel where he wrote a play. The hotel was demolished in 1964 and a department store built on the site.
 Old Economy Village is a historic settlement in Ambridge Beaver County Pennsylvania United States. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission it lies on the banks of the Ohio River and is surrounded by downtown Ambridge. The Village is the last of three settlements established by the Harmony Society in the United States (another in Pennsylvania and one in Indiana).
 The Basilica of the National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary also called the Baltimore Basilica was the first Roman Catholic cathedral built in the United States and was among the first major religious buildings constructed in the nation after the adoption of the U.S. Constitution. As a co-cathedral it is one of the seats of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore Maryland.
 The Great Synagogue was a historic Jewish synagogue in Łomża Poland. The synagogue stood at the south-eastern corner of the Main Square at the intersection of today's Giełczyńska and Senatorska 28 streets. It was built in 1878-1889 on the initiative of Rabbi Eliezer-Simcha Rabinowicz and designed by an Italian-Polish architect Enrico Marconi from Congress Poland.
 Delta Tau Delta Founders House is a historic home associated with Bethany College at Bethany Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in the early 1850s and is a two story five bay Greek Revival-style dwelling. It is L-shaped and constructed of brick on a limestone foundation. The Delta Tau Delta fraternity was founded here in 1858-1859.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The E. H. Hobe House or Solheim (Norwegian for Home of the Sun) was built in 1897 by Engelbrecht H. Hobe a Norwegian immigrant who worked for the newspaper Nordvesten was a lumber dealer steam-ship agent and who became Vice-Consul then Consul to the Norwegian-Swedish Kingdoms. The Victorian home was visited by Swedish King Gustav V and Crown Prince Olav and Princess Märtha of Norway. In 1918 Hobe purchased the Phillip J. Reilly house in St.
 The Crandall Houses at 112 and 136 E. 200 North in Springville Utah are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are the Clarence L. Crandall House and the Nelson D. Crandall House. The houses were both built in 1900 and are twin houses that look virtually identical. The designs appear to be adapted from pattern books circulating around that time. The design of the houses reflects the Victorian ideal of adapting high-style architecture to vernacular style homes.
 St Johns Shopping Centre is the largest covered shopping centre in the city of Liverpool located in the heart of the city since 1969 and boasting over 100 retailers.
 The Buddha Tooth Relic Temple and Museum is a Buddhist temple and museum complex located in the Chinatown district of Singapore. The temple is based on the Tang dynasty architectural style and built to house the tooth relic of the historical Buddha. The ground breaking ceremony was conducted on 13 March 2005.
 The Mennonite Settler is a 17-foot limestone statue in Newton Kansas honoring Mennonite farmers and their wheat heritage.The statue was crafted in 1942 by Topeka artist Max Nixon out of native Kansas limestone. It depicts a bearded Mennonite farmer with hat in hand in an attitude of prayer.
 The Silas Gardner House is a colonial stone house at the junction of routes 52 and 300 in the Gardnertown section of the Town of Newburgh in Orange County New York. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1980.Gardner was the first to build a home in the area that would take its name from him. This name was kept despite his history during the Revolutionary War.
 The Veterans Memorial School at 1200 Locust St. in Reno Nevada is a historic Moderne-style school dating from 1949 that was designed by Nevada architect Russell Mills. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It was deemed significant for its role in the local history of education and for its ArtDeco/Moderne style of architecture by a prominent local architect Russell Mills.
 Wolston Priory was a priory in Warwickshire England.
 The IBM Building is a 20-story skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract at 1200 Fifth Avenue Seattle Washington. The building was designed by Minoru Yamasaki who also was architect of Rainier Tower on the corner diagonally opposite and the World Trade Center in New York City.
 The Kentucky Coal Mining Museum is heritage center located in Benham Kentucky. Its focus is the history of the coal industry in Eastern Kentucky featuring specific exhibits on the company towns of Benham and neighboring Lynch. It is housed in a former company store that was built by International Harvester in 1923. In June 1990 the Tri-City Chamber of Commerce purchased the building for the future site of the museum.
 West 12 Shepherd's Bush (formerly the Concorde Centre) is a shopping centre in Shepherd's Bush in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. The development borders the south side of Shepherd's Bush Green and was designed in the 1960s in an unapologetically modern style.
 Harkness Tower is a Collegiate Gothic masonry tower at Yale University in New Haven Connecticut. It is named for Charles William Harkness brother of Yale's largest benefactor Edward Harkness.
 Evans Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel on the campus of the University of Denver in Colorado.Completed in 1878 in downtown Denver the Evans Memorial Chapel was built by Governor John Evans (University of Denver founder) in honor of his daughter Josephine who had died a decade earlier. It was purchased by the University of Denver (DU) later on in 1958 as part of a land purchase. In 1960 the historic building was moved stone by stone to its present location on the DU campus.
 The Haseki Hürrem Sultan Hamamı (literally: Bath-house of Haseki Hürrem Sultan) aka Ayasofya Haseki Hamamı is a Turkish hamam that was commissioned by the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman I's consort Hürrem Sultan and constructed by Mimar Sinan during the 16th century in Istanbul. It was built on the site of historical Baths of Zeuxippus for the religious community of the nearby Hagia Sophia.
 The Johnston-Jacobs House is a Greek Revival style brick house located near downtown Georgetown Kentucky. The original structure was built in approximately 1795 by Adam Johnston for use as a tavern-inn. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on October 2 1973.
 The Holy Name of Jesus Complex is an historic religious complex on Illinois Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It consists of four main buildings a church rectory convent and school. It was the third Roman Catholic parish established in the city to serve its French Canadian population and was a significant work of a Canadian-born Worcester architect O. E. Nault.
 One North Wacker formerly UBS Tower is a 50-story 199 m (653 ft) skyscraper at One North Wacker Drive in Chicago Illinois. Construction began in 1999 and was completed in the spring of 2002 with the designs of Lohan Associates (now Goettsch Partners) and developer John Buck Company to accommodate the needs of UBS groups such as UBS Warburg UBS PaineWebber UBS Global Asset Management and UBS O’Connor in a single building.
 The Villa District also known as Villa Historic District (Polish: Polskie Wille) is a historic district in Chicago Illinois USA. It is located on Chicago's Northwest Side within the community area of Irving Park. Its borders are along Pulaski Road to the west the Union Pacific/Northwest rail line to the north Hamlin to the east and Addison Street to the south.
 The United States National Bank Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Katarovank Monastery (Armenian: Կատարովանք ) is an ancient Armenian monastery in the Hadrut Region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It was founded in the 4th century. The present structure was completed in the 17th century.
 The NUS Museum is the oldest university museum in Singapore. It is located within the main campus of the National University of Singapore in southwest Singapore at Kent Ridge. The collections include Chinese Indian and Southeast Asian materials consisting of traditional sculptures and paintings bronzes jades ceramics textiles and modern and contemporary art.
 Fort Abercrombie State Historical Park Kodiak Island Alaska was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Harvard Union now known as the Barker Center and once known as the Freshman Union is a historic building on Quincy and Harvard Streets in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 The Powerhouse Museum is the major branch of the Museum of Applied Arts and Sciences in Sydney the other being the historic Sydney Observatory.
 The Priory Gatehouse in Usk Monmouthshire Wales is a surviving fragment of a Benedictine priory founded around 1135 and dissolved in 1536. It stands beside the main entrance to the churchyard. It is a Grade I listed building.The gatehouse is of two storeys with gables and wide inner and outer arches. The style of the windows suggests a sixteenth century date possibly even post-Dissolution.
 The Dr. James Rosenfeld House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 101 Second Street is an office tower located in the South of Market district in San Francisco California on Mission Street. The 108 m (354 ft) building was completed in 2000 and has 26 floors with 388000 sq ft (36000 m2) for offices. It is known for its glass-clad four-story atrium which functions as public space. Its art pavilion has included commissions by painter Charles Arnoldi and sculptor Larry Bell. On warm days the building at street level is opened.
 South Lee Historic District is a historic district at 1365-1710 Pleasant—1120-1140 Fairview St.--15-80 Willow Street in Lee Massachusetts.The district features Mid-19th-Century Revival and Early Republic architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Willow-Spence Streets Historic District is a neighborhood that lies east of downtown Austin Texas. Its houses churches and commercial buildings were built in the early twentieth century. It is bounded roughly by Interstate 35 to the west East César Chávez Street to the north and Spence Street to the south. It extends a few houses east of San Marcos Street along Willow and Canterbury Streets. It thus includes portions of Willow Spence Canterbury San Marcos and Waller Streets.
 St Patrick's Cathedral Killala is one of two cathedral churches (the other is St Mary's Cathedral Tuam) in the Diocese of Tuam Killala and Achonry of the Church of Ireland.
 E. W. Marland Mansion or Ernest Whitworth Marland Mansion or Marland Estate in Ponca City Oklahoma is a Mediterranean Revival-style mansion significant for its architecture. The home was designed by John Duncan Forsyth for the Oklahoma oilman E. W. Marland who later was elected as US Congressman and governor of the state.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.
 Commerce Place is a high-rise in Baltimore Maryland. The building rises 31 floors and 454 feet (138 m) in height and stands as the fourth-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1992. Commerce Place was designed by architect G.C. Pontius of RTKL Associates a Baltimore-based architectural and engineering firm; the structure is an example of Postmodern architecture. 23 of the building's 31 floors are used for commercial offices while six are used for parking.
 Tilko Jaffna City Hotel (Tilko Hotel) is a hotel in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The four-storey 42 room hotel is located in the heart of the city on K.K.S. Road near Jaffna Fort. Owned by British property developer Thilak T. Thilagaraj the hotel opened in November 2010. The hotel was built with the support of the Board of Investment.
 Museum of Contemporary Art (Serbian: Музеј савремене уметности/Muzej savremene umetnosti) in Belgrade is an art institution which collects and displays work produced since in 1900 in Serbia and former Yugoslavia. The museum also organizes international exhibitions of modern and contemporary art. It was founded in 1958 as the Museum of Modern Art and was the first Contemporary Art museum in Europe.
 The Cascade Canyon Barn was designed by the National Park Service to standard plans and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935. The National Park Service rustic style barn is 5 miles (8 km) west of Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.The rustic log cabin features saddle-notched log corners on a stone foundation. The foundation is buttressed at the corners to support the projecting log ends a feature typical of Park Service designs of the era.
 Flitwick Manor is a Georgian country house in the south of Flitwick Bedfordshire England. It is located on Church Road off the A5120 road. It is currently run as a hotel by the hotelier firm Menzies.The manor was built for John Thomas Brooks in 1816 following his marriage to Mary. It remained in the family including the Lyall family descendants until 1934 when it was sold by the Lyall family. It stayed in private hands until 1984 when Somerset Moore converted it to a restaurant.
 Stillman House (1950) follows Marcel Breuer’s Gregory Ain demonstration “House in the Garden” built the year before for the MOMA Museum which now sits at the Rockefeller Kykuit estate in Hudson Valley NY. The Stillman house boasts three separate architectural commissions by Breuer between 1950-1953: a main house a studio and pool and porch redesign with the latter featuring an 18’x10’ pool mural wall by friend and sculptor Alexander Calder.
 The St. Anthony Hotel is a historic 10-story hotel in downtown San Antonio Texas in the United States. Built in 1909 it was considered one of the most luxurious hotels in America and hosted a wide range of movie stars royalty and other famous guests. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pharsalia is a historic plantation home an farm complex located near Tyro Nelson County Virginia. The main house was built between 1814 and 1816 and is a one-story 11 bay linear single-pile Federal style frame manor house. It has a standing seam metal gable roof and features a three-bay porch with a gable roof. It was enlarged in the mid-19th century to its current T-shaped plan. Also on the property are the contributing kitchen / laundry / slave hospital (1834) icehouse / School (c.
 Pier 57 is a long pier built on floating concrete caissons in the Hudson River in Manhattan New York City. Built in 1952 it is located near the end of 15th Street on the West Side Highway just south of the Chelsea Piers sports complex.
 The Château de Montrond is a ruined castle in the commune of Saint-Amand-Montrond in the Cher département of France.
 The Mendocino Woodlands State Park is a group camping facility located at 39350 Little Lake Road Mendocino County California seven miles (11 km) inland from the town of Mendocino. It was built as a Recreational Demonstration Area by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 St. George's Priory Thetford was a priory in Norfolk England.
 The Vodafone on The Quay building (also known as 'Mobil on The Park' or 'Vodafone on the Park') was designed by Peddle Thorp & Montgomery Architects and was completed in 1999. The main architect on the build was Robert Montgomery and the building was built by Mainzeal Construction.
 Paintsville City Hall was completed in January 1940 by the WPA in order to house the city government fire department and police department of Paintsville Kentucky. The structure is located at 101 Euclid Avenue in downtown Paintsville. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 26 1989.In 2007 most of the city's government offices were moved to the old Citizens National Bank Building which is located at 75 Main Street.
 Spiegel Grove also known as Spiegel Grove State Park Rutherford B. Hayes House Rutherford B. Hayes Summer Home and Rutherford B. Hayes State Memorial was the estate of Rutherford B. Hayes the nineteenth President of the United States located at the corner of Hayes and Buckland Avenues in Fremont Ohio. Spiegel is the German and Dutch word for mirror. The traditional story is that the estate was named by Sardis Birchard an uncle of Rutherford B.
 The Yorkshire Sculpture Park is an open-air gallery in Yorkshire England showing work by British and international artists including Henry Moore and Barbara Hepworth. The park's collection of works by Moore is one of the largest open-air displays of his bronzes in Europe.
 First Baptist Church of Ventura is a historic church at 101 S. Laurel Street in Ventura California. It was built in 1926 and renovated extensively into the Mayan Revival style in 1932.
 Sunset Hill also known as Mrs. Eugene D. Stocker Estate is a historic home complex located at Warren in Herkimer County New York. The contributing elements consist of the main house guest house equipment barn stable stone entrance gate swimming pool and garden. The main house was built in 1923 and is a two story gable roofed wood frame Colonial Revival style building sheathed in clapboard siding with a wood shingle roof.
 Simon Meredith House is a historic home located in South Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in two major phases. The oldest section was built in the early 18th century. It is a 2 1/2-story two bay stuccoed fieldstone structure with a gable roof. The larger Federal style addition was made on the east end. It is 2 1/2-stories four bays wide and of stucco over stone construction.
 US Post Office-Oneida is a historic post office building located at Oneida in Madison County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1931 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James A. Wetmore. It is a one story seven bay wide building in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Pittsfield & North Adams Passenger Station and Baggage & Express House is a pair of historic buildings at 10 Pleasant Street in Adams Massachusetts. They were built in 1889 along the North Adams Branch of the Boston and Albany Railroad. The passenger station is a single story brick building with a shallow hip roof with very deep eaves that are supported by large brackets.
 Acadiana Mall called the Mall of Acadiana for a time is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the city of Lafayette Louisiana and is located at the intersection of Johnston Street (U.S. Route 167) and Ambassador Caffery Parkway (Louisiana Highway 3073). It opened in 1979 and was developed by Robert B. Aikens & Associates and is now owned by CBL & Associates Properties. Today Acadiana Mall houses four department store anchors (Macy's J.C. Penney Sears and Dillard's).J. C.
 Chetolah also known as the George Inness Jr. Estate is a historic estate located at Cragsmoor in Ulster County New York. The estate includes the main house and 10 support structures. The main house was begun in 1901 and is a large rambling 2 1⁄2-story eclectic style residence with a hipped metal-sheathed roof with both shed and eyelid type dormers. It features both a stucco and shingled exterior.
 The Dodge-Greenleaf House is on NY 211 in Otisville New York United States. It was built circa 1855 in the Gothic Revival style. The architect is unknown but it exemplifies contemporary trends in home design popularized by the writings and pattern books of Andrew Jackson Downing of nearby Newburgh as articulated in the Picturesque mode.Since its construction it has remained a private home.
 Grorud church is a cruciform church from 1902 located on the upper Grorud in Grorud in Oslo Norway. The church is located on a hill and is visible from many parts of the Grorud Valley. The building is made of local Grorud Granite stone (Grefsensyenitt) and has 500 seats. Stone walls' uneven appearance which gives the wall a live appearance because the stones varies between roughly hewn uneven surface and smooth surface. The smooth cut stones are centered around the corners and windows.
 Franklin Square Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 19th-century rowhouse neighborhood developed along a strict grid street pattern. A one square block two and a half acre public park Franklin Square is a focal point for the area and the most elaborate rowhousing surrounds the square.
 Morris Rees III House also known as George McKown House and Springvale is a historic home located near Gerrardstown Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1805 and is a two story three bay gable roofed stone house in the Federal style. It sits on a cut stone foundation and features a one story one bay portico supported by Tuscan order columns. The portch was built about 1980 and is a replica of the original. Also on the property are a frame kitchen / living quarters (c.
 Hoeggen Church (Norwegian: Hoeggen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Lerkendal area in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Hoeggen parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was built in 1997.
 Ellen's Stardust Diner is a retro 1950s theme restaurant located at 1650 Broadway on the southeast corner of 51st Street in New York City. The Diner is regarded as one of the best theme restaurants in New York owing to its singing waitstaff.
 The Blair-Dunning House is a historic house on the west side of Bloomington Indiana United States. Built in the 1820s as a farmhouse it now lies at the heart of one of the city's neighborhoods and it is one of Bloomington's most prominent houses. Once the home of the Governor of Indiana it has been designated a historic site.
 Nowland House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The two story cross gabled frame house was constructed about 1868 and exhibits characteristics of the Greek Revival and Italianate styles. It is essentially T shaped in plan and features two porches. Also on the property are a garage and chicken house / feed shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Søtorvet (lit. The Lake Square) is an elegant late 19th century residential development facing The Lakes in Copenhagen Denmark. It flanks the end of Frederiksborggade where it turns into the Queen Louise Bridge at the intersection with Vester Nørre and Øster Søgade.
 Southwest (North) Dormitory III was a planned skyscraper in Amherst Massachusetts that was to be built in the modernist style. It was cancelled in favor of low rise buildings after it was determined that there was a lack of funds available and students didn’t like the idea of commuting to the ground floor of the tower.
 Amalienborg (Danish pronunciation: [aˈmæːˀljənbɒːˀ]) is the winter home of the Danish royal family and is located in Copenhagen Denmark.
 Storsteinnes Chapel (Norwegian: Storsteinnes kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Storsteinnes. The church is part of the Balsfjord parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1968 and it seats about 200 people.
 The Juan Antonio Garcia House in the North Valley area of Albuquerque New Mexico dates from 1860. It was a farmhouse built by Juan Antonio Garcia. It is located at what is now 7442 Edith Blvd. NE. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has also been known as Tappan House.
 MacCracken Hall is a women’s residence hall on Miami University’s campus in Oxford Ohio. Built in 1957 and completed in the spring of 1961 MacCracken Hall was named after Miami Graduate Henry Mitchell MacCracken. It is located on Miami University’s Central Quad and currently houses four sorority chapters: Alpha Chi Omega Chi Omega Kappa Alpha Theta and Kappa Delta.
 The Monticello High School (also known as the Jefferson Academy and Jefferson County High School) is a historic U.S. school in Monticello Florida. It is located at 425 West Washington Street. On March 25 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Great Northern Railway Underpass at Stanley North Dakota is a concrete deck girder bridge that was built in 1937. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in .According to its nomination the bridge is a heavily-built single-span steel stringer design with a concrete substructure. This design saw common use in the numerous structures built to carry North Dakota roadways under railroad lines generally beginning in the 1930s.
 St. Pierre Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Pierre de Saint-Pierre (Saint-Pierre et Miquelon)) is an early 20th-century church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Iles Saint Pierre and Miquelon. It is located close to the harbour front of the capital city on the rue Jacques Cartier.The construction of the cathedral began in the late 17th century and it opened in 1690. Due to renovations and reconstruction the current structure dates back to 1907.
 Bel Air Courthouse Historic District is a national historic district at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It consists of a small cohesive group of buildings mostly two or three stories of brick or frame construction that were erected or renovated in the 19th to early 20th century period and border the Harford County Courthouse which is a grand scale brick structure.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 8 West Third Street is a 126 ft nine-story skyscraper in Winston-Salem North Carolina also known as the Wachovia Bank and Trust Company Building. It was built in 1911 as the headquarters of Wachovia Bank and Trust with the ninth floor added in 1917.
 The Church of St Leonard in Rodney Stoke Somerset England was built around 1175 and is a Grade I listed building.The interior of the church contains a screen bearing the date 1624 the gift of Sir Edward Rodney which includes a representation of the martyrdom of St Erasmus who was killed by having his entrails removed.The church underwent Victorian restoration in the 1870s when a slow combustion stove was installed in a pit in the floor.The parish is part of the Rodney Stoke with Draycott benefice which is within the Axbridge deanery.
 The Roosevelt School in Saint John Plantation Maine is a school that was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Shinnston Historic District is a national historic district located at Shinnston Harrison County West Virginia. The district encompasses 143 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Shinnston. The major influence on the town's development was the arrival of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1890. Notable buildings include the Frank Abruzzino House (1922) Aaron Shinn House (c. 1821) I.O.O.F. Lodge building (1906) Dr.
 The Benton stone water tower is located in Benton Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Sowwah Square Tower 2 is the name of a skyscraper on Sowwah island in Abu Dhabi the capital of the United Arab Emirates.The building is located in the newly constructed district of Sowwah Square and is planned to open in 2011. Sowwah Square Tower 2 will be 184 meters tall with 37 floors.
 The Queensland Art Gallery is an art museum located in the South Bank precinct of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The gallery is part of the Queensland Cultural Centre.The Queensland Art Gallery is owned and operated by the Government of Queensland which created the institution in 1895 as the Queensland National Art Gallery.
 Loller Academy is a historic school building located at Hatboro Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1811 and is a two-story stucco building measuring 65 feet wide by 56 feet long. It has a hipped roof and 40 foot square cupola. The building has a later two-story 24 feet by 72 feet rear addition. The building features a belfry with clock. It housed a school until 1960.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Young Round Barn is a historic round barn at Greene in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a two story structure with a large square entrance bay and a diameter of 80 feet (24 m). It is covered by a conical two slope gambrel roof topped with a circular cupola venting the loft and central silo. DeVern Bates also built the nearby Bates Round Barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Great Plains Black History Museum was formerly located at 2213 Lake Street in the Near North Side neighborhood in North Omaha Nebraska. It was housed in the Webster Telephone Exchange Building which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. A nationally renowned institution for more than 30 years the museum includes more than 100000 periodicals manuscripts photographs and research materials.
 The Cathedral of St. Mary Byzantine Catholic Church is a parish church and proto-cathedral of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix serving the Ruthenian Eastern Catholic population of Los Angeles California United States. It was the first Byzantine church in California. It is located on Sepulveda Boulevard in Sherman Oaks Los Angeles California.
 Reed and Barton Complex is an historic industrial complex at West Brittania and Danforth Streets in Taunton Massachusetts.The site was constructed from 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 Greenwood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bowling Green in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Opened in phases between 1979 and 1980 the mall comprises 100 stores including four anchor stores: Dillard's J.C. Penney Macy's and Sears. It also includes a food court an Old Navy and the first Dunham's Sports in the state of Kentucky. The mall is owned and managed by General Growth Properties.
 The William Cullen Bryant Homestead is the boyhood home and later summer residence of William Cullen Bryant (1794–1878) one of America's foremost poets and newspaper editors. The 155-acre (63 ha) estate is located at 205 Bryant Road in Cummington Massachusetts currently operated by the non-profit Trustees of Reservations and open to the public on weekends in summer and early fall. An admission fee is charged.The Homestead was originally built in 1783 by Bryant's grandfather Ebenezer Snell.
 Hunt Memorial Library is a historic former library in Nashua New Hampshire. It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.The Nashua Public Library moved to a new building in 1971. The building is now owned by the city and is available for rent for functions.
 Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) formerly Victoria Terminus (VT) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and an historic railway station in Mumbai India which serves as the headquarters of the Central Railways. Designed by Frederick William Stevens with influences from Victorian Italianate Gothic Revival architecture and traditional Mughal buildings the station was built in 1887 in the Bori Bunder area of Bombay to commemorate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria.
 Gaymont is a historic home located near Aurora Preston County West Virginia. It was built about 1896 as a summer resort cottage. It is a two-story T-shaped dwelling constructed of wood wood shingles wood half-timbers and cut stone. It displays eclectic overtones of American Craftsman Rustic and Queen Anne architectural styles.
 Ivy Green is the name for the childhood home of Helen Keller. It is located in Tuscumbia Alabama. The house was built in 1820 and is a simple white clapboard house. The actual well pump where Helen Keller first communicated with Anne Sullivan is located at Ivy Green. The property includes the cottage where Keller was born and the house where she spent her early childhood.
 The Centro Andino Mall started construction on January 1991. It is located in Bogotá Colombia in the Zona Rosa near the Zona T and next to El Retiro Mall another mall of Bogotá. Centro Andino is made up of a business center and shopping mall. The business center covers 19.486 m2 and the mall 17.316 m2 and contains 205 stores.
 Berkeley Apartments also known as the Graystone Hotel (after 1912) is a historic apartment hotel building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was constructed between 1894 and 1897 and is one of the earliest examples of a large multistory building built of reinforced concrete. it was designed by local architect Carlton T. Strong and engineer Ernest L. Ransome.
 Salem Common Historic District is a historic district bounded roughly by St. Peter's Bridge and Derby Sts. and Collins Cove in Salem Massachusetts.The Common was founded in the 17th century. Before 1800 there was no enclosing fence and livestock were free to roam across it. The present wrought iron fence around the Common was built in 1850 and has undergone restoration.
 Abingdon County Hall Museum is a local museum in Abingdon Oxfordshire England. The museum is supported by Abingdon Museum Friends a registered charity.
 Troy also known as Troy Hill Farm is a historic home located at Elkridge Howard County Maryland United States. It was built about 1808 and is representative of the late Georgian style in Maryland architecture. The 2 1⁄2-story fieldstone house is three bays wide and two deep. It is associated with the prominent Dorsey family of Howard County who also built Dorsey Hall.Troy was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The National Polytechnical Museum (Bulgarian: Национален политехнически музей) is a science museum located in Sofia Bulgaria.
 The American Insurance Company Building is one of the oldest and tallest skyscrapers in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. Located at 15 Washington Street it was once headquarters for the American Insurance Company and is now part of Rutgers University. The neo-classical tower is a contributing property to the James Street Commons Historic District which also encompasses Washington Park Newark Museum and Newark Public Library.
 Poplar Hall is a historic plantation home located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built about 1760 and is a two-story five-bay Georgian style brick dwelling. It is covered with a slate gable roof and has interior end chimneys. It features a central one-bay dwarf portico and a low hipped roof topped by a three-bay cupola. Both entrances are sheltered by a dwarf portico. A one-story brick wing was added about 1860 a frame addition in 1955 and a one-story frame wing in 1985.
 Penns Hall is a building on Penns Lane Walmley Sutton Coldfield Birmingham England operated as a hotel and country club by Ramada International. It is a Grade B locally listed building. and is licensed as a venue for civil marriages and civil partnerships.
 George Knipp & Brother Building is a historic retail building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a five-story brick commercial structure with a four-bay cast-iron façade constructed about 1875. It features large window openings flanked by Corinthian columns. It was originally the location of John Knipps’ furniture business and his brother George Knipp’s enterprise in gas fixtures and plumbing supplies. It was later occupied by a furniture and carpet firm and later a J.G.
 Bulkeley Methodist Church is located on Wrexham Road in the village of Bulkeley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (Gereja Hati Kudus Yesus) is a Roman Catholic church located in Ganjuran Bantul Java Indonesia. It is also known as the Ganjuran Church based on its location. It is the oldest church in its administrative regency.The church was established on 16 April 1924 by the Schmutzer family who owned a sugar factory in the area. From a total of 25 Catholics in the area in 1922 the congregation has expanded to 8000 in 2011.
 Rolling Acres Mall was a retail mall located in the Rolling Acres area of Akron Ohio United States. Built in 1975 and expanded several times in its history it once comprised more than 140 stores including five anchor stores a movie theater and a food court. The mall was closed off in 2008 save for the only two anchors still in operation Sears and JCPenney Outlet. However in January 2011 Sears Holdings announced the Sears store would close by April 2011.
 The First Baptist Church is a historic church building at 457 Main Street in Stoneham Massachusetts housing an evangelical congregation.The church was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pittenweem Priory is the name of an Augustinian priory located in the village of Pittenweem Fife Scotland. It was originally a Benedictine community founded from Reading Abbey in England and based on the Isle of May.
 The Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust (LAMOTH) is a museum in Los Angeles California dedicated to the remembrance and preservation of the history stories victims and tragic events of the Holocaust during World War II. Founded in 1961 the museum is purported to be the oldest museum of its kind in the United States.
 The Shijimizuka site (蜆塚遺跡 Shijimizuka iseki) is a late Jōmon archaeological site in Naka-ku Hamamatsu Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. inhabited from approximately 2000 BC – 1000 BC. The existence of a number of large shell middens containing millions of shells of freshwater bivalve clams was noted in mid-Edo period records. A portion of the site was destroyed by local farmers mining it for fertilizer in the 1830s. However with the excavation of the Ōmori Shell Middens by Edward S.
 Cabanne's Trading Post was established in 1822 by the American Fur Company as Fort Robidoux near present-day Dodge Park in North Omaha Nebraska United States. It was named for the influential fur trapper Joseph Robidoux. Soon after it was opened the post was called the French Company or Cabanné's Post for the ancestry and name of its operator Jean Pierre Cabanné who was born and raised among the French community of St.
 Santi Giusto e Clemente is an ancient church in Volterra. It is also known as San Giusto Nuovo.A ancient church on the site built at least by the 7th century previously was called San Giusto in Botro built over the tombs of Saints Giusto and Clemente . Construction of the present stone church was begun on October 28 1628 based on designs by the architect Giovanni Coccapani which were carried out by his pupil Ludovico Incontri. The church was finally consecreated in 1775.
 The Metropolitan Museum of Art Roof Garden (Iris and B. Gerald Cantor Roof Garden) is a rooftop garden terrace art venue and restaurant open in the warm weather months at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art. The Roof Garden offers views of Central Park and the Manhattan skyline. The garden is the gift of philanthropists Iris and B. Gerald Cantor founder and chairman of securities firm Cantor Fitzgerald. The Garden was opened to the public on August 1 1987.
 St Helen's Church Thorney is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Thorney Nottinghamshire.
 The Farmington Tithing Office at 110 N. Main St. in Farmington Utah was built during 1907-1909.
 The Fort of the Church São Mateus da Calheta (Portuguese: Forte da Igreja de São Mateus da Calheta) also referred to as the Forte da Igreja (Church Fort/Fort of the Church) are the coastal ruins of a 16th-century fort situated in the civil parishof São Mateus da Calheta municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the archipelago of the Azores.
 The Falcon Tower is a 41-floor tower in the Business Bay area of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 163 m (534 ft). Construction of the Falcon Tower was completed in 2005.Falcon Tower is a seven minute walk from Business Bay Metro Station.
 Ralph Waldo Emerson House also known as Emerson Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late poet Ralph Waldo Emerson. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Modernist architecture style.
 The Rock Church is a evangelical megachurch located in San Diego California with satellite campuses in San Marcos California and El Cajon California. Miles McPherson a former NFL player has served as senior pastor since he founded the church in 2000.
 Rice Hall is a building of Cornell University that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church School and Grottoes of Dwight Nebraska located at 336 W. Pine St. is a historic complex dating to 1914. It includes Late Gothic Revival architecture. Also known as Assumption Catholic Church and denoted as BU06-001 the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Digermulen Church (Norwegian: Digermulen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Digermulen on the island of Hinnøya. The church is part of the Svolvær parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1951 in an octagonal style. The church seats about 250 people.
 Jewish Center of Lake Huntington is a historic synagogue located at Lake Huntington in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1896 as an auto shop and tire vulcanizing garage and altered to its current use in 1936. It is a two story rectangular building three bays wide and six bays deep. The first floor is constructed of brick with a frame story above. The facade is coated in stucco.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Arkansas Power and Light Building is a building in the city of Little Rock Arkansas. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Now also known as the Entergy Building it was the first office building in downtown Little Rock built in the International style.
 Careswell Cell was a monastery in Devon England inhabited by Cluniac monks.
 St Mary is a Roman Catholic church in Greenwich Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Sweet Candy Company Building at 224 South 200 West in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1911 and expanded in 1922. Its original building now the northern portion was designed by Ware & Treganza in Early Commercial architecture. The 1922 expansion doubled the size of the combined property.It is historically significant for its association with the candy industry in Utah and was built when the industry was automating.
 The Dawes County Courthouse in Chadron Nebraska was built in 1935. It was designed in Art Deco style by John W. Latenser & Sons Inc.. It is the courthouse of Dawes County Nebraska.Located on S. Main St. between 4th and 5th Sts.
 The World Trade Center Chittagong (WTC Chittagong) is a commercial building in the Agrabad Commercial Area of Chittagong. The 21-story building is topped-out with a height of 90.70 meters (297.6 feet). Equipped with all modern facilities the trade centre will help attain the country’s overall business activities including imports-exports at the level of international standard.
 The London Dungeon is a London tourist attraction which recreates various gory and macabre historical events in a gallows humour style aimed at younger audiences. It uses a mixture of live actors special effects and rides.Opening in 1974 it was initially designed as a museum of macabre history but the Dungeon has evolved to become an actor-led interactive experience. The Dungeon is operated by Merlin Entertainments.
 For the company see Shui On Land.Shui On Centre (traditional Chinese: 瑞安中心) is a 35-storey Grade A office building on Wan Chai's waterfront in Hong Kong. The building was completed in 1987.Nearby are the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and Grand Hyatt Hong Kong.
 Forshee-Van Orden House is located in Montvale Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1765 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1984.
 The Bolueta Towers (Bolueta Dorreak in Basque) is a residential complex under construction in Bilbao Spain.
 Paragon Park Carousel is an historic carousel at 1 Wharf Avenue in Hull Massachusetts.The carousel was built in 1928 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.Historical Background of Nantasket’s Paragon Carousel (PTC #85)
 Our Lady of Grace Church is a historic church near the junction of Airline Hwy. and 3rd Street in Reserve Louisiana.It was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Holy Trinity Cathedral (Latvian: Svētā Trīsvienības katedrāle) is an Orthodox cathedral in Riga the capital of Latvia. The cathedral is situated at the address 126 Krišjānis Barons Street.
 10 Murray Street is the address of the State Offices building in Hobart and the name by which the building is frequently known. It is a Brutalist office building located behind Parliament House and close to Salamanca Place. The building is fully occupied by the State Government of Tasmania and is located next to Parliament House. They are directly linked via a skyway.
 432 Park Avenue is a supertall residential project by CIM Group in midtown Manhattan in New York City. With 125 condominium apartments and a height of 1398 feet (426.11 m) it will become the third tallest building in the United States and one of the tallest residential buildings in the world. It will become the second tallest building in Manhattan behind One World Trade Center.
 The Antietam Avenue Bridge was located where Antietam Avenue passed over the Dequindre Cut (formerly owned by the Grand Trunk Western Railroad) in Detroit Michigan. It has been demolished due to structural deficiencies and will be reconstructed. The original bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Missouri Governor's Mansion is a historic U.S. residence in Jefferson City Missouri. It is located at 100 Madison Street. On May 21 1969 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The current site on a bluff overlooking the Missouri River was the vicinity of the first Jefferson City Missouri State Capitol building from 1825 to 1837 after the capitol was relocated from St. Charles Missouri to Jefferson City.
 St Oswald's Church located in Bollington Cross Bollington Cheshire England is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Château de Kagenfels (also known as Kaguenfels ou Kagenburg) is a ruined castle situated in the Forest of Obernai in the commune of Ottrott in the Bas-Rhin département of France. It was constructed in the 12th century.The Château du Kagenfels was built by a certain Kagen who gave his name to the castle.The castle appears on the French Ministry of Culture database and is described as being in a poor state but has no official protection as a monument historique.
 Del Monte Market is an historic market located in Laveen Arizona. It is listed on the Phoenix Historic Registry as the oldest continually operating general market in the state.
 Waits Methodist Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic Methodist Episcopal church and cemetery located at what was once known as Waits in the town of Owego in Tioga County New York. It is a Greek Revival–style structure built in 1853 of white pine from Windham Pennsylvania. It is a 1 1⁄2-story building three bays wide and four bays deep measuring approximately 30 feet by 40 feet. The interior was remodeled in 1866 and it retains all of its fabric from that time.
 Château de Lanmary is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Kable House is an Italianate building from 1873 on the Mary Baldwin College campus. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 19 1979. It is a two-story five-bay brick house on a raised basement.Construction started in 1873 and was completed in 1874 for John W. Alby.
 Bayside at the Embarcadero is the 14th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 395 ft (120 m) and 232 units. Located in the Core district of Downtown San Diego Bayside is a 36-story building that utilizes the postmodern architectural style and was designed by the architect firm Amanat Architect.
 The Anglo Scotian Mills is former lace factory in Beeston Nottinghamshire. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Guangzhou Opera House (simplified Chinese: 广州大剧院; traditional Chinese: 廣州大劇院; Mandarin Pinyin: Guǎngzhōu dajùyuàn; Jyutping: jim2 zau1 daai6 kek6 jyun2) is a newly constructed Chinese opera house in Guangzhou Guangdong province People's Republic of China.
 The Main Building of the U.S. Bureau of Mines in the Squirrel Hill North neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building constructed from 1915 and dedicated on September 29 1919. Since the 1960s it was acquired and has been part of the campus of Carnegie Mellon University and is now known as Hamburg Hall and the headquarters of the Heinz College. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Jerusalem District No. 5 Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Levittown in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1876 and enlarged to three rooms about 1920. It is a T shaped building with the original section located at the rear. It is a long frame building on a poured concrete foundation and hipped roof with shallow overhanging eaves. The main entrance features a portico.
 Colonial Williamsburg is a living-history museum and private foundation representing the historic district of the city of Williamsburg Virginia USA. The 301-acre (122 ha) Historic Area includes buildings dating from 1699 to 1780 (during which the city was the capital of Colonial Virginia) as well as Colonial Revival and more recent reconstructions.
 The Cebu Provincial Capitol is the seat of the provincial government of Cebu in the Philippines. Located at the north end of Osmeña Boulevard in Cebu City it was designed by Juan M. Arellano a Filipino architect best known for the Manila Metropolitan Theater (1935) the Legislative Building (1926; now the National Museum of the Philippines) and the Manila Central Post Office (1926).
 White's Fort was an 18th-century residence and fortification located near the present-day unincorporated community of Hayfield Frederick County in the U.S. state of Virginia. Alternatively known as the White Hall the first structure contributing to White's Fort was built between 1732 and 1735 by Dr. Robert White (1688–1752) a Scottish American physician military officer pioneer and planter.
 Owen Coachman House is located in Lower Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 9 2005.Restoration work performed on the property in the early 2000s won an award from the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection for its quality and sensitivity to the historic nature of the house.
 The William Breman Jewish Heritage and Holocaust Museum (the Breman) is a museum in Atlanta dedicated to Jewish history with special emphasis on Georgia and the Holocaust. The Breman which opened in 1996 is the largest museum of its kind in the Southeast and it is located at the corner of 18th Street and Spring Street across the street from the Center for Puppetry Arts in Midtown.
 Soulé Steam Feed Works is a historic business founded in Meridian Mississippi in 1891 by George Soulé. The complex was listed as a contributing property to Union Station Historic District which was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 under the Meridian Multiple Resource Area (MRA). It was listed as a Mississippi Landmark in 2003.
 East Taunton Fire Station is a historic fire station located on Middleboro Avenue in the East Taunton section of Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1899 to replace a rented facility that housed the Old Colony Engine Company. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is occupied by the Taunton Fire Department's Engine 9 Forestry 1 and the Taunton Police East Taunton Precinct.
 The Denby House is a historic raised cottage in Mobile Alabama. The one-story brick house was built by Charles Denby in 1873. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984. In addition to being listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places it is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.
 The Strathcona Community Hospital currently under construction will provide 72 acute care beds and sufficient infrastructure capacity for 36 additional beds in the future.The hospital development was an issue in the Strathcona County municipal election 2010: incumbent mayor Cathy Olesen was defeated by Linda Osinchuk who ran a campaign attacking contemporary plans for the hospital which involved no overnight beds.
 Starkey United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Starkey in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1828.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The H. Liebes and Company Building is a building located at 625 SW Broadway Ave in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The building was designed by John Virginius Bennes
 The Condit House is the Official Residence of the President of Indiana State University. Built in 1860 and bequeathed to the University in 1962 it is the oldest building on the campus.The home an example of Italianate architecture was the private home of the Right Reverend Blackford Condit and his family from 1862 until 1962.
 The Thomas W. Jones House is a historic house at 34 Warren Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It is Stoneham's best preserved Second Empire house preserving significant external details and its carriage house. The two story wood frame house has a T shape and features a bracketed porch and cornice gable screens paneled pilasters and oriel windows. The house was built for Thomas W.
 Rockcliffe Mansion is located in Hannibal Missouri (USA) and was built in 1898 by John J. Cruikshank Jr. a descendant of Scottish immigrants whose fortune was founded on lumber. He erected the residence on [West] Bird Street. It came to be acknowledged as the most imposing beautiful and costly residential structure in that part of the state of Missouri.
 Big House in Moccasin Arizona was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 The Wahpeton Hospital on Dakota Avenue in Wahpeton North Dakota was built in 1911. It has Classical Revival architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.According to its NRHP nomination it is architecturally the finest private building in Wahpeton surpassed in quality and size only by suchpublic buildings as the Leach Public Library Richland County Court House and Wahpeton city hall.
 Maria Magdalena Church (Swedish: Maria Magdalena kyrka) is a church on Södermalm in central Stockholm Sweden.The church plan has a nave but no aisles. In its eastern end is a three-sided choir and the transept taking up three bays. In the corners of the crossing are enlargement from various periods all serving liturgical purposes including the sacristy. The painting of the high altar is the Adoration of the Shepherds by Louis Masreliez from around 1800.
 Thomas Hall built in 1905 is a historic building located in Murphree Area on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida United States. The building is named for William Reuben Thomas the Gainesville mayor and businessman responsible for bringing the University of Florida to Gainesville.Architect William Augustus Edwards designed Thomas Hall in the Collegiate Gothic style. Buckman Hall was built at the same time and the two are the oldest buildings on the campus.
 William Levering School is a historic school building located in the Roxborough neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1894-1896 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone building with a hipped roof in the Colonial Revival-style. A three-story brick and stone Art Deco style addition designed by Irwin T. Catharine was built in 1928-1929.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Oliphant-Walker House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin Texas. It is also a part of the Shadow Lawn Historic District a subdivision within the Hyde Park neighborhood established by Hyde Park founder Monroe Shipe.The house was built in 1894 by area resident William J. Oliphant an accomplished photographer. It is a prime example of Queen Anne style architecture with an elaborate balustrade front gable and friezes.
 Hotel Colorado is an 1893 Italianate structure in Glenwood Springs Colorado USA and one of the oldest hotels in Colorado.
 The Château Malou (Dutch: Het Maloukasteel) is a neoclassical building in the municipality of Woluwe-Saint-Lambert in Brussels Belgium.
 The Bolton Center Historic District is the historic center of the town of Bolton Massachusetts. The district encompasses what is essentially a linear town center strung out principally along Main Street (Massachusetts Route 117). Although the town's first meetinghouse (built c. 1740 and no longer extant) lay outside the current center by the early 19th century the town's focus had moved to the main east-west road through the town (now Route 117).
 Trevanion is a historic home located at Uniontown Carroll County Maryland United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.Trevanion is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling with an asymmetrical central hall plan with a tower. The original 1817 house was converted in 1855 to the villa style then popular in America incorporating a combination of Italianate and Gothic architecture elements. Reflecting this is a brick tower and an adjoining gable end projection.
 Heeze Castle (Kasteel Heeze) is situated in the Netherlands south of Eindhoven. It used to be the centre of the seigneury of Heeze Leende and Zesgehuchten part of the Duchy of Brabant. In the Middle Ages it was owned by the de Horne family. In the seventeenth Century Pieter Post designed a new castle of which the first part was built in 1665.
 Station Square is a 52-acre (210000 m2) indoor and outdoor shopping and entertainment complex located in the South Shore neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States across the Monongahela River from the Golden Triangle of downtown Pittsburgh.
 Quarwood or Quar Wood is a Victorian house in Stow-on-the-Wold Gloucestershire England. It was owned for 27 years by The Who's bassist John Entwistle.
 Old Stone Shop is a historic commercial building located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1838–1839 and is a 1 1⁄2-story four-by-two-bay gable-ended building with foundation and walls of coursed quarry-dressed limestone trimmed in dressed limestone. It was built as a double blacksmith shop and exhibits the finest commercial masonry architecture in the town of Lyme.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Bodega Bay is a shallow rocky inlet of the Pacific Ocean on the coast of northern California in the United States. It is approximately 5 mi (8 km) across and is located approximately 40 mi (60 km) northwest of San Francisco and 20 mi (32 km) west of Santa Rosa. The bay straddles the boundary between Sonoma County to the north and Marin County to the south.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Yazoo City Low is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Mississippi. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders. It is part of the Yazoo City Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCC Yazoo City is located 36 miles north of Jackson Mississippi the state capital.
 Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot is a historic train station located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built in 1928 by the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and is a long rectangular one-story gable-roofed frame board-and-batten building. It features the wide overhanging eaves and is in the American Craftsman style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Thomas J. Flippin House also known as the Clatskanie Castle or simply The Castle by some and the Flippin Castle by others is a 14-room shingle-style Queen Anne structure in Clatskanie Oregon. The house was commissioned in 1898 by Thomas J. Flippin son of Oregon pioneers and founder of the West Oregon Lumber Company. The San Andreas California firm of Markwell and Sons built the house covered in hand-cut shingles made by a brother of Thomas Flippin.
 Whitaker House is a historic home located at Benton in Yates County New York. It is a Late Gothic Revival style structure built about 1850.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Charles Wells House is a historic house at 99 Prescott Street in Reading Massachusetts. The two story Queen Anne Victorian wood frame house was built in 1894 by Charles Wells a New Brunswick blacksmith who married a Reading woman. The house features a turret with an ornamented copper finial and turned balusters on the porch. The property also has a period barn.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Charles Granke House at 406 S. Seventh St. in Hamilton Montana is a historic house that was built in 1906. It includes Colonial Revival and Queen Anne architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The listing included two contributing buildings.It was built in approximately 1906 by the Anaconda Copper Mining Company as a worker cottage for workers at the sawmill that operated in Hamilton until 1915. Charles W.
 The House at 25 Avon Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of the more elaborate Queen Anne Victorian houses in the town. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1889 and has a combination of Queen Anne and Shingle Style features.
 The Charles J. Martin House is a house in the Lowry Hill neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The house listed on the National Register of Historic Places was built for Charles J. Martin. He served for many years as the secretary and treasurer of the Washburn-Crosby Company a predecessor of General Mills.
 The Carp River Forge is an abandoned forge located along the Carp River on the grounds of the Michigan Iron Industry Museum at 73 Forge Road near Negaunee Michigan. It was the first forge constructed in northern Michigan; the site was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1956 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is also known as the Jackson Iron Company Site.
 Branch Building also known as the Virginia Fire and Marine Insurance Company is a historic commercial building located in Richmond Virginia. It was built about 1886 and is a four-story four bay brick building with a cast iron front. The building measures 26 feet wide by 140 feet deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Samuel Gunn House is a historic house located in Snow Hill Worcester County Maryland. It was constructed around 1780 and is one of the oldest and best preserved of the 18th century Georgian town dwellings in Worcester County. It is a two story side hall / double pile frame house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Shang Grand Tower also known as simply the Shang Tower is a high-end residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati City Philippines. It was developed by Shang Properties Inc.. The 46-storey building was opened in 2006 and rises to 180 metres (630 feet) from the ground to its architectural top. It is currently the 10th-tallest complete building in Makati City and is the 19th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well.
 San Matteo is a church in Genoa in the northern region of Liguria in Italy.
 St Leonard's Church Warmingham is in the village of Warmingham Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Minshull Vernon.
 The Independent Order of Odd Fellows-Lodge No. 189 Building in Marinette Wisconsin was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a restaurant.
 The Oyster Bar officially the Grand Central Oyster Bar & Restaurant is a seafood restaurant located on the lower level of Grand Central Terminal at 42nd Street and Vanderbilt Avenue in Manhattan in New York City. It opened along with the terminal itself in 1913 and has been in business ever since although it closed briefly for renovations following a 1997 fire. As its name suggests it specializes in seafood.
 The Renaissance Kuala Lumpur Hotel is a hotel that belongs to Marriott Group and comprises two wings which are very distinct in its design. There is an underground tributary of the Gombak river running its course under the East wing. The Renaissance Kuala Lumpur Hotel also houses the Mandara Spa.
 The Fulton Elementary School (also known as Fulton Academy and Pittsburgh Fulton PreK-5) in the Highland Park neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1894 and later added to in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Dunbar Hospital was the first hospital for the black community in Detroit Michigan. It is located at 580 Frederick Street and is currently the administrative headquarters of the Detroit Medical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Former Prince Albert City Hall now Prince Albert Arts Centre is a National Historic Site of Canada located at 1010 Central Ave. Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. Construction on this city Hall started in 1892 and was completed 1893. A. and W.B. Goodfellow Builders built the city hall with clock tower opera house and meeting room. As well as being a heritage site it is still in operation today as an arts centre for various visual arts clubs and galleries for exhibitions.
 The James and Sophia Clemens Farmstead is a historic farm in far western Darke County Ohio United States. Located at 467 Stingley Road little more than 1 mile (1.6 km) from the Indiana border it is among the oldest extant buildings that remain from a small community of free blacks founded before the Civil War.Natives of Rockingham County Virginia James and Sophia Clemens settled in Darke County in 1818 and soon became prosperous farmers.
 The Quad St. Charles (Formerly Charlestowne Mall) is a two-story shopping mall located in St. Charles Illinois.The mall's anchor stores include Von Maur (formerly JCPenney) Carson Pirie Scott and Kohl's.
 Naulakha also known as Rudyard Kipling House is a Shingle Style home in Dummerston Vermont where author Rudyard Kipling wrote Captains Courageous. Kipling also wrote The Jungle Books A Day's Work and The Seven Seas and did work on Kim and The Just So Stories here.
 Bal Harbour Shops is an upscale open-air shopping mall in Bal Harbour a wealthy suburb of Miami Beach Florida known internationally for its luxury retail. Bal Harbour Shops is owned by the Whitman family and is one of the few remaining family-owned malls in the nation. There is a waiting list at the shopping center which has operated at 100% occupancy for several decades.
 Brook Farm also called the Brook Farm Institute of Agriculture and Education or the Brook Farm Association for Industry and Education was a utopian experiment in communal living in the United States in the 1840s.
 Executive Tower (Spanish: Torre Ejecutiva) the name of the working place of the President of Uruguay. The original project was started in 1965 as a future Palace of Justice but the 1973 coup d'état interrupted it.By the time the military government ended in 1985 the building was too small for the Uruguayan justice system so the project remained halted for decades until in March 2006 President Tabaré Vázquez decided to finish the building and use it as an extension of the Estévez Palace.
 The East Hawaii Cultural Center (EHCC) is a cultural center in Hilo Hawaii that has regular art exhibits and holds workshops and classes. Administered by the East Hawaii Cultural Council an umbrella group of local arts organizations the Center is housed in a historic former police station facing Kalakaua Park.
 St. Raymond's Cathedral is a Maronite Catholic co-cathedral located in St. Louis Missouri United States. It is the seat of the Eparchy of Our Lady of Lebanon of Los Angeles along with Our Lady of Mt. Lebanon-St. Peter Cathedral in Los Angeles.
 Sikes Senter is a 670000 square foot shopping mall in Wichita Falls Texas. It is the only Texas mall within 100 miles of Wichita Falls. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties.
 The Goldberg Building is a historic commercial building at 97-103 Water Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The four story brick building occupying a corner lot at Water and Harrison Streets was built c. 1908. Its street-facing facades are laid in yellow brick while the other two sides are in red brick; all are laid in running bond. There are eight window bays facing Harrison Street seven facing Water Street and one diagonal bay at the corner.
 100 East Wisconsin or The Faison Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Erected in 1989 on the site of the old Pabst Building its design is reflective of the authentic German architecture which has been preserved in downtown Milwaukee. It is bordered on the west by the Milwaukee River along the Milwaukee Riverwalk. It is the second tallest building in Wisconsin behind the U.S. Bank Center also located in downtown Milwaukee.
 Pacific Mall is an Asian shopping centre located in Markham Ontario Canada. It is located on the northeast side of Steeles Avenue and Kennedy Road right across the municipal border from the City of Toronto on the site formerly occupied by Cullen Country Barns. The two entrance roads of the mall are Redlea Avenue and Clayton Drive.
 Dunster Working Watermill (also known as Castle Mill) is a restored 18th century watermill situated on the River Avill close to Gallox Bridge in the grounds of Dunster Castle in Dunster Somerset England. It is a Grade II* listed building.The mill stands on a site where a mill was first recorded in the Domesday Book but the present building was constructed around 1780. It closed in 1962 but was restored in 1979 and is still used to grind flour.
 The W BOSTON Hotel and Residences is a 301-feet-tall tower (92 m) located in the Boston Theater District of Back Bay/Midtown neighborhood Boston Massachusetts (USA). The 26-story building completed in 2009 is a mixed-use development with hotel condo restaurant spa retail and bar components.W BOSTON is located across the street from the Boston Transportation Building with the official address of 100 Stuart Street.
 HM Prison High Down is a Category B men's local prison. High Down is located on the outskirts of Banstead in Surrey England (overlooking Banstead Downs) and is immediately adjacent to the southern boundary of Belmont in Greater London. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated in proximity to Downview Prison for women.
 Mercy Medical Center is a rural non-profit community hospital located in the city of Roseburg in the US State of Oregon. Mercy Medical Center has 171 licensed beds on a 90-acre (36 ha) campus and the hospital has a heliport for patients arriving to the emergency room via helicopter. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. Mercy Medical Center is the only hospital in Douglas County Oregon and has been since 2000.
 The Church of St Clement is located in Beaumont Street Toxteth Liverpool England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Canadian Canoe Museum is a museum dedicated to canoes located in Peterborough Ontario Canada. The museum's mission is to preserve and share the culture and history of the canoe.
 The church of St Martin in the Bull Ring (grid reference SP073866) in Birmingham 5 England is a parish church in the Church of England.
 The Southern Terminal Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal is a national historic district at Havre de Grace Harford County Maryland United States. Located along the western bank of the Susquehanna River near its mouth at the Chesapeake Bay it includes the Lock Master's House the canal's outlet lock and the foundations of a bulkhead wharf along the river side of the lock.
 One Liberty Plaza formerly the U.S. Steel Building is a skyscraper in Lower Manhattan in New York City at the location of the former Singer Building (tallest structure ever dismantled) and the former City Investing Building. One Liberty Plaza is currently owned and operated by Brookfield Office Properties. The building is 743 ft (226 m) tall and has 54 floors. It was completed in 1973.
 The Figge Art Museum is an art museum in Davenport Iowa. The Figge as it is commonly known has an encyclopedic collection and serves as the major art museum for the eastern Iowa and western Illinois region.
 The Acropole is a hotel. It was founded in 1952 and is run by the Greek Pagoulatos family - brothers Thanasis George and Mike.The Acropole is the oldest hotel in Khartoum founded by the brothers' father in 1952. An added attraction is the OHM electronics shop next door which is owned by the brother of Sheikh Musa Hilal the tribal leader of Darfur's notorious Janjaweed. Several journalists and members of human rights organizations have managed to interview Hilal in that shop.
 Monarch Contemporary Art Center and Sculpture Park is an admission by donation outdoor art gallery located along the Chehalis Western Trail near Tenino in Olympia Washington. Opened in 1998 by sculptor Myrna Orsini as a gift to the community the 80-acre (32 ha) park features sculpture gardens as well as indoor art galleries.In 1992 after visiting art symposia in Europe founder Myrna Orsini and her business partner Doris Coonrod purchased land for the park.
 The Washburn Public Library is a Carnegie library in Washburn Wisconsin United States. The library was built in 1904; it was the first permanent home for Washburn's library program which began in 1891 and had previously operated out of City Hall. Architect Henry Wildhagen designed the building in the Neoclassical style. The library's front entrance is located in a portico with Ionic columns.
 The Church of St. Lucy is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 833 Mace Avenue Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1927.
 Mount Mourne Plantation is a former Southern plantation and historic house located in Mount Mourne North Carolina.
 First Federal Plaza is a high-rise building located in Rochester New York. It is the fifth tallest building in Rochester standing at 309 feet (94 meters) with 21 floors. It was designed by architects Corgan Balestiere and Leaper in 1976 The building is known for its circular top which used to be a 7000-square-foot (650 m2) revolving restaurant called Changing Scene. That closed in 1990 and the rotating mechanism was dismantled.
 The National Museum of Fine Arts is Malta’s major museum for the visual arts. It houses a collection of works by Maltese and foreign artists mainly representing the major European artistic styles.The museum is located in the capital city of Valletta in a palace at the lower end of South Street. The area is the seat of fine historical palaces dating from the times of the Order of St John of Jerusalem that are now used by government ministries and departments.
 Ector County Correctional Center is a privately managed prison located in Odessa Ector County Texas. The facility is housed on the second and third floors of the 1955 Ector County Courthouse at 301 N. Texas Street in Odessa.One of 7 CEC-managed facilities in Texas the center is operated by Community Education Centers under contract with three federal agencies: the United States Marshals Service U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
 The Paço Imperial (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈpasw ĩpeɾiˈaw] European Portuguese: [ˈpasw ĩpɨɾiˈaɫ]) or Imperial Palace previously known as the Royal Palace of Rio de Janeiro and Palace of the Viceroys is a historic building in the center of the city of Rio de Janeiro Brazil. The Paço Imperial was built in the 18th century to serve as residence for the governors of colonial Brazil.
 Dame Phyllis Frost Centre (formerly the Deer Park Metropolitan Women's Correctional Centre) is a maximum security women's prison located at Deer Park Victoria Australia. It was designed by Guymer Bailey Architects Pty. Ltd. and built in 1996 as the first privately designed financed and operated prison in Victoria. The centre is named after welfare worker and philanthropist Dame Phyllis Frost who was well known for her commitment to unpopular causes most notably helping women prisoners.
 John M. Voshell House is a historic home located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It was built in about 1850 and is a two-story five bay L-shaped brick dwelling with a gable roof. The roof has a heavy cornice and wide overhang in the Italianate style. It has a Federal style entrance and Greek Revival-style porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Hong Leong Finance Building (Chinese: 丰隆大厦) is a high-rise skyscraper in the central business district of Singapore. This is the flagship building of Hong Leong Holdings Limited. It is located on 16 Raffles Quay in the zone of Raffles Place.It is just next to the historic Lau Pa Sat Market. There are many skyscrapers near the building such as One Raffles Quay 6 Raffles Quay Robinson Towers John Hancock Tower and AIA Tower all of which are less than 100 metres away.
 The Greenwich Y.M.C.A. was built in 1916 in Colonial Revival / Georgian Revival style. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1996.Its NRHP nomination asserted that its large and imposing building imparted a sense of solidity sobriety and tradition to the downtown area.
 Reidville Academy Faculty House is a historic house in Reidville South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The U.S. 23 Country Music Highway Museum is a museum in Paintsville Kentucky dedicated to the country music entertainers who were born or lived near U.S. Route 23 in eastern Kentucky. Entertainers exhibited within the museum include Billy Ray Cyrus The Judds Tom T. Hall Ricky Skaggs Hylo Brown Loretta Lynn Rebecca Lynn Howard Keith Whitley Dwight Yoakam Patty Loveless and Gary Stewart. It also has a gift shop and a large conference room that can be reserved for events.
 Whitstable Museum and Gallery is a heritage centre in Whitstable Kent and is notable for its displays showing the history of the local oyster trade started by the Romans and of historical diving equipment. It is open on weekdays throughout the year and on Sundays in summer. Admission is free with access for the disabled.
 The Iberville Parish Courthouse in Plaquemine Louisiana was built in 1848 by George and Thomas Weldon. It embodies Greek Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Berkeley Street Historic District is a historic district on Berkeley Street and Berkeley Place in Cambridge Massachusetts. When the district was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 it included 15 properties on Berkeley Street a quiet residential street just outside Harvard Square. Most of these houses were built between 1852 and 1873 and are primarily in the fashionable Bracketed Italianate style of that time.
 Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens is a complex of buildings and grounds set in Schenley Park Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States (near the Carnegie Museums in Oakland). It is a City of Pittsburgh historic landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The gardens were founded in 1893 by steel and real-estate magnate Henry Phipps as a gift to the City of Pittsburgh.
 St. Joseph Parish - originally designated for Polish immigrants in Rockville Connecticut United States. St. Joseph church has been a multi-ethnic parish since the 1950s under Fr. Hyacinth Lepak (1949–1975) now being a predominantly American parish community. ( See History link at www.stjosephct.org for additional background). Founded in 1905 it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Norwich.
 The Dorrigo Steam Railway & Museum in Dorrigo New South Wales Australia is a large privately owned collection of railway vehicles and equipment from the railways of New South Wales covering both Government and private railways. The collection dates from 1878 until 1985.
 The John Ford Home (also known as Ford Stockade or Ford's Fort) is a historic landmark located in Marion County Mississippi approximately 20 miles south of the city of Columbia near the community of Sandy Hook. Built in 1809 by an early settler of the area Reverend John Ford the home is recognized by the National Register of Historic Places as an example of an elevated frontier-style structure that was common at the time in the Mississippi Valley along the Pearl River.
 The Milton-Bradley Company is a historic former factory building at Park Cross and Willow Streets in Springfield Massachusetts. The factory was built beginning in about 1880 and expanded over the next decades to include a variety of brick multi-story buildings that are relatively utilitarian in appearance. When built the property belonged to George Tapley a principal in the Taylor and Tapley Manufacturing Company and a childhood friend of Milton Bradley.
 Imperial War Museums (IWM) is a British national museum organisation with branches at five locations in England three of which are in London. Founded as the Imperial War Museum in 1917 the museum was intended to record the civil and military war effort and sacrifice of Britain and its Empire during the First World War. The museum's remit has since expanded to include all conflicts in which British or Commonwealth forces have been involved since 1914.
 St. Teresa Roman Catholic Church is in the former town of New Toronto in Etobicoke Toronto Ontario and a part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto. It serves the local Father John Redmond Catholic Secondary School.
 Annandale National Historic Site is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Tillsonburg Ontario Canada. It was built in 1883 by Edwin Delevan Tillson (Tillsonburg's first mayor son of the founder of Tillsonburg George Tillson and grandfather of adventurer Tillson Harrison) and his wife Mary Ann as part of Mr. Tillson's retirement project Annandale Farm.The site was designated a National Historic Site in 1997.
 The Cutler Hall is a Gothic library building on the Colorado College campus in Colorado Springs Colorado. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places.It was the first building on the Colorado College campus built between 1877 and 1880. Called the College it held all the offices classrooms a library auditorium and more for the burgeoning school. It is now used by the financial aid and admissions departments.
 Phillip Taylor House also known as the Pennsylvania Memorial Home is a historic home located at Brookville Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1841 and is a two-story brick dwelling with a rear two-story addition and flanking wood frame ell in the Italian Villa-style. The main building has a hipped roof and belvedere. The front facade is 5-bays wide and features an elaborately ornamented open porch.
 Business Development Center is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 17 floors and a surface of 18000 sqm.
 The Jefferson County Courthouse Annex in Louisville Kentucky was designed by Kenneth McDonald Sr. and built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Jefferson County Courthouse was previously listed in 1972.
 St. James Parish Church is located in Holetown St. James Barbados. It stands on one of the oldest parcels of consecrated land on the island often known in Barbados as God's acre.
 The Second Waterhouse House is an historic house at 9 Follen Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built on 1844 and is the most quintessentially Greek Revival house in the Follen Street Historic District. It was built by Benjamin Waterhouse and is one of the earliest houses built on the street.
 Angelina River Bridge is a historic bridge on U.S. Route 59 over Angelina River in Lufkin Texas.It was built in 1935 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Flatiron Building originally the Fuller Building is located at 175 Fifth Avenue in the borough of Manhattan New York City and is considered to be a groundbreaking skyscraper. Upon completion in 1902 it was one of the tallest buildings in the city and one of only two skyscrapers north of 14th Street – the other being the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower one block east.
 The East Side Gallery is an international memorial for freedom. It is a 1.3 km long section of the Berlin Wall located near the centre of Berlin on Mühlenstraße in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg. The actual border at this point was the river Spree. The gallery is located on the so-called hinterland mauer which closed the border to East Berlin.
 St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 319 Front Street (NY 102) in Hempstead New York. It was constructed in 1822 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as St. George's Church.The Rectory of St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic rectory located at 217 Peninsula Boulevard in Hempstead. It was listed on the National Register in 1988.
 The ABC Cinema (grid reference ST576742) is a historic building on Whiteladies Road in Clifton Bristol England.It was built in 1920–1921 as a cinema called the Whiteladies Picture House by James Henry LaTrobe and [[Thomas Harry Weston (1870-1923)] and opened by [Mary Somerset Duchess of BeaufortDuchess of Beaufort]] on 29 Nov 1921. It formerly had a ballroom and restaurant but in 1978 the large single screen was removed and the building split into three screens.
 George Arnold House is a historic home and farm complex located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built the 1830s and is a two-story three bay side-plan dwelling with a rear wing in the Greek Revival style. Contributing outbuildings include frame chicken houses sheds and corn cribs milk house and a bank barn. They date to the late-19th and early-20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Union Episcopal Church also known as the English Church is a historic church located on Old Church Road in Claremont New Hampshire in the United States. Built in 1773 it is the oldest surviving Episcopal church building in New Hampshire and is also the state's oldest surviving building built exclusively for religious purposes. It is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of New Hampshire. On February 1 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hôpital Saint-François d’Assise is one three teaching hospitals affiliated with the medical school of Université Laval and several specialized institutions in Quebec City. The hospital merged in December 1995 with two other teaching hospitals to form Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec:Hôtel-Dieu de QuébecCentre hospitalier de l'Université Laval
 The Trenton Battle Monument is a massive column-type structure in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. It commemorates the December 26 1776 Battle of Trenton a pivotal victory for the Continental forces during the American Revolutionary War.
 Walpole Town Hall is a historic town hall building on Main Street in Walpole Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Oakes Estate is located in Bloomfield Essex County New Jersey United States. The building designed by Charles Granville Jones was built in 1895 was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 6 1981.
 The Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center also known as Cosmosphere is a museum and educational facility in Hutchinson Kansas that is best known for the display and restoration of spaceflight artifacts and educational camps. It is one of only three museums to display flown spacecraft from Mercury Gemini and Apollo missions.
 Bronson Methodist Hospital is a 404-bed non-profit teaching hospital located in downtown Kalamazoo Michigan USA and is a Level I trauma center. Bronson Methodist Hospital is the flagship of the Bronson Healthcare Group a non-profit healthcare system serving all of southwest Michigan and northern Indiana.
 The Hilton Prague is a hotel in Prague in Czech Republic. It is located in city center of Prague near in Vltava River. It was built in 1991 and it has 11 floors.The hotel was awarded Best Hotel in the Czech Republic for 2012 and 2013 at the TTG Travel Awards.[citation needed]
 The Riverside Hotel is a former hotel and casino in Reno Nevada that sits on the exact location where Reno began in 1859. The building now houses apartments and studios for artists and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Liberty Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It contains 76 commercial residential ecclesiastical and civic structures in the historic core of the village. The southern part of the district is centered on Pulteney Square a three-acre village green containing landscaped gardens walkways benches fountains and a gazebo. It was one of two village greens laid out in 1793.
 Aulani a Disney Resort & Spa is a beachside hotel resort and all-inclusive vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs at the Ko Olina Resort & Marina in Kapolei on the Hawaiian island of Oahu. Part of the Disney Vacation Club it is the third Disney Vacation Club Resort located outside of a Disney theme park property. The resort opened on August 29 2011.
 Hujr ibn 'Adi Mosque is a mosque in Adra Syria. It is named after Hujr ibn 'Adi who was one of the Sahabah.Hujr and his son Humaam ibn Hajar are buried in Adra in the outskirts of the Syrian capital Damascus. A mosque has been built around his grave and is a pilgrimage site for Muslims.
 The Henry W. Merriam House is located in Newton Sussex County New Jersey United States. Owned by industrialist Henry Wilson Merriam (1828-1900) the owner of the Merriam Shoe Company the house was built in 1883 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1970. It is Newton's prime example of high Victorian architecture.
 Ariaanje Coeymans House is a historic home located at Coeymans in Albany County New York. It was built in c.1690 and has a 2- to 3 1⁄2-story main block with a 1- to 2-story wing. It is constructed of stone and brick and has a gambrel roof. Ariaanje Coeymans was the heiress of a 17th-century flour and saw milling fortune. Her father Barent Coeymans held title to the land patent and died in 1710 intestate.
 Toscano (formerly known as Dadeland Fairfield) is a group of residential condos in the Dadeland neighborhood of Miami Florida United States. Toscano consists of two connected residential structures; Toscano North Tower a low-rise building and Toscano South Tower a high rise tower to the south. The south tower is 280 ft tall with retail space at street level and also contains the main lobby for both buildings.
 The Madison Civic Commercial District is a 49-acre (20 ha) area of downtown Madison Morris County New Jersey United States. It includes 450 buildings and one structure in an area roughly bounded by Main Street (NJ 124) Kings Road Green Avenue Waverly Place Lincoln Place and Prospect Street.It had been the historic core of Madison starting in the late 19th century.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 6505 Church Street in Cass City Michigan.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Barbour County Courthouse in Philippi Barbour County West Virginia USA is a monumental public building constructed between 1903 to 1905 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. It dominates the town center and is the county's chief symbol of government. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Dominican Church (Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Holy Mother of God) - unique monument of the sacral architecture the Cathedral of the Greek-Catholic Church in Ternopil the main temple of Ternopil-Zboriv diocese. Built in the middle of the 18th century this unique monument of the sacral architecture is still one of the most attractive sights in Ternopil.
 Saint Sauveur Melkite Greek Catholic Cathedral is a Melkite Greek Catholic cathedral in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 10025 De l’Acadie Boulevard in the borough of Ahuntsic-Cartierville.It was designed by Gagnier et Villeneuve Architectes with construction starting in 2006 and ending in 2007. It was dedicated on October 28 2007. It has a capacity of 746 people.
 Holy Savior Cathedral (Armenian: Սուրբ Ամենափրկիչ Վանք Surp Amenaprgich Vank; Persian: کلیسای وانک or آمنا پرکیج Kelisa-ye Vank or Amenapergich‎; ) also known as Vank Cathedral and The Church of the Saintly Sisters is a cathedral in Isfahan Iran. Vank means monastery or convent in the Armenian language.
 The Beehive is the original terminal building at Gatwick Airport England. Opened in 1936 it became obsolete in the 1950s as the airport expanded. In 2008 it was converted into serviced offices operated by OREGA having served as the headquarters of franchised airline GB Airways for some years before that. It was the world's first fully integrated airport building and is considered a nationally and internationally important example of airport terminal design.
 The Tiara United Towers is a pair of two 61-floor towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Each tower is to have a total structural height of 225 m (738 ft). Construction of the Tiara United Towers was scheduled to be completed in 2009 but construction was not complete as of January 2011.
 Crossgates Mall is a shopping mall located in the city of Guilderland New York in Albany County New York United States not far from Schenectady. The mall opened on March 4 1984 and in October 1994 underwent a large expansion that nearly doubled its size. It now has a gross leasable area of 1700000 sq ft (160000 m2) with two floors including 250 shops and restaurants as well as an 18-screen Regal Cinema theater.
 The Drake Hotel a historic 375-foot-tall 33-story luxury hotel located at 1512-1514 Spruce Street at the corner of S. Hicks Street between S. 15th and S.
 Juniata Woolen Mill and Newry Manor also known as Lutz Mansion and Woolen Mill Lux Vista Lutz Mill and Lutz Factory is a historic woolen mill building and manor house located at Snake Spring Township in Bedford County Pennsylvania. The site includes a small German colonial manor house dated to 1803 with a large brick addition dated to 1858 and an attached log house and a stone woolen mill dated to 1805. The original 1803 manor house is a 2 1/2-story 3-bay wide building.
 The Masonic Temple Building in Vermilion Ohio is a building from 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Jubilee Hall is a royal palace built in 1913 during the reign of Mir Osman Ali Khan of erstwhile Hyderabad state. It is considered one of the architectural masterpieces of Hyderabad. Its located in the green lawns of Public Gardens popularly known as Bagh-e-Aam.
 Kjølsdalen Church (Norwegian: Kjølsdalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Kjølsdalen. The church is part of the Kjølsdalen parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1940 by the architect Hans Fredrik Crawford Jensen. The church seats about 300 people and it serves the residents of the western part of the municipality.
 The former Rowena Memorial School is located on NY 23A at the junction with NY 32A in Palenville New York United States. It is a stone Romanesque style building that educated local students for 70 years. It had fallen into disrepair until it was rebuilt in the 1990s and converted to an arts center.
 St James Duke's Place was an Anglican parish church in Aldgate ward of the City of London
 The Parker Homestead is a historic home and grounds in Little Silver Monmouth County New Jersey United States located at 235 Rumson Road near Sickles Park. The main house was originally built circa 1720 and include materials from an earlier structure (c1667) the early and late 19th Century and the 1910s and 1920s. It is one of the oldest extant buildings in the state.
 Burrel Prison (Albanian: Burgu i Burrelit) is a high security prison located outside the town of Burrel in northeastern Albania at the District Police Station in Mat with a maximum capacity of 198 inmates. In 2011 the prison housed 182 inmates and employed 120 corrections officers. The one-story structure is divided into three areas covering 21000 square meters. Burrel Prison closed in 1992 after the Democratic Party of Albania deposed the Communist Party of Albania.
 The former Sixth Church of Christ Scientist built in 1902 is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1036 North Van Buren Street in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was designed in the Gothic Revival and Romanesque Revival styles by noted architect Elmer Grey who was then based in Milwaukee but later moved to California where he designed Christian Science churches in Los Angeles and Long Beach. On March 27 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Waring House (also known as the Waring-Stockslager Home) is a historic house in Greenville Ohio United States. Built by Oliver C. Perry the house was started in 1860 but construction was only substantially completed in 1869 and the details took two more years to finish. As soon as he had finished the house Perry sold it to T.M. Taylor who in turn sold it to the family of local businessman and county commissioner Thomas Waring.
 York Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at York York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1913 and is a two-story brick building executed in the Late Gothic Revival style. The drill hall is located on the second floor above the administrative area. It is five bays by six bays in size. A brick maintenance shop was added behind the building in the 1950s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Boston's Old City Hall was home to its city council from 1865 to 1969. It was one of the first buildings in the French Second Empire style to be built in the United States and is now one of few remaining.[citation needed] After the building's completion the Second Empire style was used extensively elsewhere in Boston and for many public buildings in the United States such as the Old Executive Office Building in Washington D.C.
 The John A. Wilson Building popularly known simply as the Wilson Building or the JAWB houses the offices and chambers of the Mayor and Council of the District of Columbia. Originally called the District Building it was renamed in 1994 to commemorate former Council Chair John A. Wilson. Completed in 1908 the building is a contributing structure to the Pennsylvania Avenue National Historic Site.
 Nordbyen Church (Norwegian: Nordbyen kyrkje) is a parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the Nordbyen area of the town of Molde. The church is part of the Bolsøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre.The building was originally constructed in 1995 as a school. In 2005 the parish bought the building and converted it into a church. The church was consecrated on 5 March 2006.
 The lands of Elliston previously Elliotston or Eliotstounor Elliestoun in the Parish of Lochwinnoch were part of the holdings of the Barony of Elliston later a part of the Castle Semple barony and estates. The ruins of the castle lie a short distance from Howwood in East Renfrewshire in a private garden on a minor road between the A737 and the B776. The name may have derived from earlier holders of the lands however the Sempill family held them since at least 1220.
 Windmill Hill is an historic house on Windmill Hill Road in Dublin New Hampshire. The 1 1/2 story wood frame house was designed by Boston architect Thomas Byrd Epps and built in 1934 for Priscilla Prince Whitney. The Colonial Revival house was designed in the spirit of an old New England farmstead. It is in the shape of a wide and flattened U and is set on the side of Windmill Hill with views to the southeast.
 The Helen Dodge Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 570 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1912 the well preserved architecturally eclectic building is representative of the final stages of triple decker development and its penetration into the fashionable upper-class west side of the city.
 The Torre Europa is a skyscraper built by Necso in the AZCA complex in Madrid Spain. It is 121 metres (397 ft) high and has 30 floors.
 The Church of Saint Nicholas (Czech: Kostel svatého Mikuláše) is a church in Vršovice in Prague 10. There has been a church here since at least the 11th century although this building with its neo-gothic façade was built in the 18th and 19th centuries.
 The Hamilton Millwright-Agent's House is a historic house at 757-761 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The large two story brick house was built about 1840 by the Hamilton Woolen Company. It was probably built for John Edwards Bacon the millwright who built the 1836 Hamilton Company's mill. The house stands on a rise overlooking the mill. It has typical Greek Revival characteristics including a doorway with sidelights and transom as well as granite sills and lintels.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church (Stafford United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 219 W. Stafford in Stafford Kansas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 2002.
 The Istanbul Postal Museum aka PTT Museum Istanbul (Turkish: PTT İstanbul Müzesi) is a postal museum dedicated to the historical development of mail and telecommunication services in the Ottoman Empire and Turkey exhibiting related equipment and instruments as well as a collection of postage stamps. It was established in 2000 by the Turkish Post and is situated inside the Istanbul Main Post Office building at Sirkeci quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey.
 Woodward Houses are two historic homes located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The house at 701 West Street was built about 1745 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay quarried granite dwelling with a gable roof. It has an L-shaped side-hall plan. The house at 703 West Street was built about 1760 and is a 3 1/2-story three-bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. It is three feet shorter in both length and width than 701.
 Restaurant Île de France is a former restaurant located in Amstelveen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1975-1990.In 1975 head chef was P.J. de Laar.Ile De France was located in a building originally intended to be for a nursery. The restaurant closed in 1998. In 1999 Japanese restaurant Tanuki Izakaya opened there.
 The Dakota (also known as Dakota Apartments) is a cooperative apartment building located on the northwest corner of 72nd Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City. Constructed between October 25 1880 and October 27 1884 the building is known as the home of former Beatle John Lennon from 1973 to 1980 as well as the location of his murder.
 Old School Baptist Church and Cemetery (South River War Memorial Free Public Library) is a historic church at 64—66 Main Street in South River Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1805 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Azerbaijan Carpet Museum (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Xalçası Muzeyi) (formerly called the State Museum of Azerbaijan Carpet and Applied Art (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Xalçası və Xalq Tətbiqi Sənəti Dövlət Muzeyi)) displays Azerbaijani carpets and rug items of various weaving techniques and materials from various periods.
 Holy Cross Parish (Polish: Parafia Świętego Krzyża w New Britain) is a Roman Catholic parish located in New Britain Connecticut United States. Founded on April 8 1927 it is in the Archdiocese of Hartford and is one of dozens of Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England.
 Peter Speck House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built between 1814 and 1815 and consists of a two-story two-bay log section with a gable roof (c. 1814) attached to a two-story two-bay gable-roofed stone section (c. 1815). The building dates to the Federal period. It features a one-story hip-roof front porch added in the early 1900s. Also on the property is a fieldstone spring house (c.
 The Mall at Lexington Green is a hybrid enclosed shopping mall and outdoor lifestyle center in Lexington Kentucky It is located at the junction of New Circle Road Reynolds Road and Nicholasville Road on the south side of Lexington adjacent to the large regional Fayette Mall. The mall is currently anchored by Whole Foods Market Target and the first location of Joseph-Beth Booksellers
 Independence Mall also known as the Kingston Mall is a one story enclosed shopping center with 100 stores and restaurants. Built in 1989 the mall serves the South Shore region of Massachusetts in the United States.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 519 N. Buckeye Avenue in Abilene Kansas United States. It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 The Springville Presbyterian Church at 251 S. 200 East in Springville Utah was built in 1892. It includes Late Gothic Revival Modified Late Gothic Revival and other architecture. It has also been known as Springville Community Presbyterian Church.
 St Peter's Church Elford is a parish church in the village of Elford Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. The church is situated on the eastern edge of the village on the north bank of the River Tame. The church is a Grade II* Listed Building. A church has stood on the current site since Norman times but the current building predominantly dates from the mid-19th century.
 Snow's BBQ is Texas barbecue restaurant located roughly an hour outside of Austin Texas in the small town of Lexington.
 The Haehnel Building is a historic commercial building in east-central Austin Texas. The building was constructed circa 1880 and served many commercial purposes throughout the 20th century. Recently it was known as Shorty's Bar a popular hangout for the local population (largely African-American).In 1999 the building underwent a renovation as part of a larger renewal project for east downtown Austin.The building is located at 1101 E. 11th Street.
 Torre Bicentenario II is a proposed skyscraper that could be built at the corner of Carretera Picacho-Ajusco and Periférico Sur Tlalpan in Mexico City. Proposed plans would make it the fourth tallest building in America the tallest building in Mexico City Latin America and surpassing Torre Mayor the tallest building in Mexico at 225.6 m. Héctor Tagle Náder will be the architect.
 Thomas Square is a park in Honolulu Hawaii named for Admiral Richard Darton Thomas.
 The Grace Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church located at Taylor's Island Dorchester County Maryland United States. The complex consists of three frame structures: a schoolhouse chapel of ease and Grace Episcopal Church. The chapel of ease dates from the first quarter of the 19th century and is a 20 foot by 30 foot frame structure.
 The Coventry Transport Museum (formerly known as the Museum of British Road Transport) is a motor museum located in Coventry City Centre England. It houses a collection of British-made road transport. It is located in Coventry because the city was previously the centre of the British car industry. There are more than 240 cars and commercial vehicles 100 motorcycles 200 bicycles.Admission to the museum is free.
 The Havana Public Library is a Carnegie library located at 201 W. Adams St. in Havana Illinois. The library was built in 1902 to house Havana's library program which began in 1896 and was previously kept in a room of the city hall. The building's construction was funded by an $8000 grant from the Carnegie Foundation as well as a local library tax. The blond brick building was designed in the Classical Revival style.
 The Chickasaw County Courthouse is an historic governmental building located at 8 East Prospect Street in New Hampton Iowa. Built in 1929 it was designed in the Moderne or Art Deco styles of architecture by architects Ralston & Ralston. On July 2 1981 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places
 New England Butt Company is a historic factory building at 304 Pearl Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1865 by Spencer P. Read. The New England Butt Company manufactured machinery for braiding and stranding wire. Many of the machines are still used today by wire companies throughout the world.The New England Butt Company factory building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The State Correctional Institution (SCI) at Dallas commonly referred to as SCI Dallas is a Pennsylvania Department of Corrections prison located in Luzerne County Pennsylvania United States. Jerome Walsh is the institution's Superintendent. SCI Dallas houses about 2140 inmates some 400 of whom are serving life without the possibility of parole. It has 119 beds in its restricted housing unit (RHU). SCI Dallas was built to house 1750 inmates.
 Sunset Marquis Hotel is an hotel in West Hollywood Los Angeles County California. Owned by George Rosenthal and located at 1200 Alta Loma Road it is situated just off the Sunset Strip. Described by Time as an old rock-n-roll hotel it is noted for its celebrity clientele especially rock stars and DJs. Rande Gerber installed a recording studio in the basement of the hotel to attract entertainers.
 The Château de Montoire is a ruined castle in the commune of Montoire-sur-le-Loir in the Loir-et-Cher département of France.Construction began the 11th century; there were further building works in the 12th 13th and 14th centuries.The castle is the property of the commune and is open to the public. It has been listed since 1862 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Fort McKavett State Historic Site is located in Menard County Texas United States. Fort McKavett was a frontier fort established as Camp on the San Saba in 1852 to protect settlers from Indian raids.
 Hilda M. Willing is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack. Built in 1905 at Oriole Maryland she is a relatively small skipjack whose home port is Chance Maryland .She was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994.The Willing is one of two skipjacks listed as National Historic Landmarks. The Willing was listed along with the Kathryn as one of the few skipjacks built prior to 1943 that remained in good condition.
 The Security Building is an historic structure located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The building is eight-stories tall and rises 117 feet (36 m) above the ground. It was designed by the Cedar Rapids architectural firm of Josselyn & Taylor and was completed in 1908 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Einstein Medical Center is a tertiary care teaching hospital in the Philadelphia Pennsylvania area of the United States. Eisstein is a part of the Albert Einstein Healthcare Network. The medical center offers residency and fellowship training programs in many specialized areas.
 St. Michael's Church (in full St. Michael and All Angels) in Ashton-under-Lyne (grid reference SJ94159900) is a Grade I Listed Building. It is one of 116 surviving medieval parish churches in the North West. The church dates back to at least 1262 and a church on the site was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
 Portico Row is a set of 16 historic rowhouses located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The brick houses were built between 1831 and 1832 and designed by noted Philadelphia architect Thomas Ustick Walter (1804-1887). They consists of the typical Philadelphia rowhouse plan with front building piazza and back building and are in the Greek Revival style.
 Bolton Priory is a historic home built in 1838 for the Reverend Robert Bolton and his family in the Town of Pelham in Westchester County New York. The home stands upon a wooded tract of land overlooking Pelham Bay; the once large estate surrounding it has now diminished to 3.7 acres. Influenced by the Romantic Movement in England Bolton chose to design the house in the Romantic idiom.
 The Federal Building U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Hilo Hawaii is former a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii. Completed in 1917 and expanded in the 1930s the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Young Place in Due West Abbeville County South Carolina was the home of Reverend J.N. Young a religious leader teacher and one of the founders of nearby Erskine College. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mineral County Courthouse also known as the 1883 Esmeralda County Courthouse and the Old Mineral County Courthouse is an historic county courthouse building located at 551 C Street in Hawthorne Mineral County Nevada. Built in 1883 at the Esmeralda County Courthouse it served as such until 1907 when the county seat was moved to Goldfield. In 1911 when Mineral County was created it became the first Mineral County Courthouse and served until 1970 when a new Courthouse was constructed.
 Pennsylvania State Office Building is a historic office building located in the Hahnemann neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1957-1958 and is an 18-story steel frame and reinforced concrete building. It is clad in white marble exterior panels and measures 63 feet by 259 feet. Its style is reflective of the Modern movement. The building is surrounded by a group of formal concrete plazas.
 Phillips Insulated Wire Company Complex is an historic site at 413 Central Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The company was built in 1898 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.
 The Frances Perkins Building is the Washington D.C. headquarters of the United States Department of Labor. It is located at 200 Constitution Avenue NW and runs alongside Interstate 395. The structure is named after Frances Perkins the U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1933–1945 and the first female cabinet secretary in U.S. history.
 The Peleg Brown Ranch at 12945 Old Virginia Rd. in Reno Nevada dates from 1864. Also known as the Louis Damonte Ranch it includes Bungalow/craftsman and Greek Revival architecture.
 Victoria Mansion also known as the Morse-Libby House or Morse-Libby Mansion is a landmark example of American residential architecture located in downtown Portland Maine United States. The brownstone exterior elaborate interior design opulent furnishings and early technological conveniences provide a detailed portrait of lavish living in nineteenth-century America. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Newfane in Niagara County New York. It is a Greek Revival style cobblestone church constructed in 1843. It is one of approximately 47 cobblestone buildings in Niagara County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 George Ormrod House is a historic home located at Tamaqua Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a 2 1/2-story irregular frame dwelling in the Late Victorian style. It features a three-story tower and 27 different angles in the perimeter of the house including a variety of octagonal and square projecting bays.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Herbert and Elizabeth Malarkey House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Leroy Keener House is a historic home located at 3506 Woodlawn School Road in Knoxville Tennessee. It is also known as KN 2844 Fairview and Summer's Haven. Designed in the Federal style the house was built in 1842 by Leroy Keener an early Knox County farmer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 for its architecture and role in the area's early settlement.Leroy Keener's father Peter Keener moved to the Seven Islands area from Pennsylvania in 1809.
 The Journal Record Building also known as the Law Journal Record Building and the India Temple Shrine Building is a Classical Revival style building in Oklahoma City Oklahoma. It was completed in 1923 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was damaged in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and now houses the Oklahoma City National Memorial Museum.
 King Philip's Hill is a historic site off Old Bernardston Road in Northfield Massachusetts. In 1675 the Wampanoag chief Metacom also called King Philip by English colonists is said to have held council here during King Philip's War.
 Christian Stauffer House is a historic home located at East Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1769 and is a two-story four bay limestone dwelling in a melded Pennsylvania-German and Anglo-American Georgian style. It has a two-story two bay frame addition on a stone foundation built in the 1890s.
 Antiguo Casino Camuyano is a building in Camuy Puerto Rico which dates from 1910. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hodgenville Christian Church is a historic church at 100 W. Main Street in Hodgenville Kentucky.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Butte–Anaconda Historic District is a National Historic Landmark (NHL) that spans parts of Walkerville Butte and Anaconda Montana United States. It has the most resources of any U.S. National Historic Landmark District.It was declared an NHL in 1961 when it focused only on Butte.In 2006 the district was expanded significantly to include parts of Walkerville and Anaconda as well as the bed of the Butte Anaconda and Pacific Railroad.
 Town East Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Mesquite Texas a suburb of Dallas. It opened in 1971.The mall was used by director Ron Howard to film portions of the movie Cotton Candy in 1978.
 The Fairmont Copley Plaza is a Forbes three-star AAA four-diamond hotel in downtown Boston Massachusetts owned by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts. It stands on Copley Square part of an architectural ensemble that includes the John Hancock Tower Henry Hobson Richardson's Trinity Church and Charles Follen McKim's Boston Public Library.The Fairmont Copley Plaza is recognized as one of the Historic Hotels of America a program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Pine Glenn Cove is a vacation retreat also known by various other names including Hatch's Camp Forest Hills and St. Ann's Retreat. The property is located in Logan Canyon Utah.
 456 Montgomery Plaza is a 379 ft (116 m) 26-story class-A office skyscraper on Montgomery Street in the Financial District of San Francisco California.
 The Setai Hotel and Residences also known as The Setai Miami Beach and The Setai South Beach is a high rise luxury hotel and condominium located in South Beach Miami Beach Florida. The building has 38 floors and is 117.5 meters tall making it one of the tallest buildings in Miami Beach. The hotel includes a recording studio and a 10000-square-foot (930 m2) penthouse that includes a rooftop pool and jacuzzi.
 Mead House is a historic home located at Galway in Saratoga County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a 2-story five-by-two-bay timber framed residence. It has a rectangular main block with an attached 2-story gable-roofed wing and 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. It center hall plan with vernacular Federal-style interior decoration. Also on the property is a contributing frame carriage barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Scott–Vrooman House is a historic home located at 701 East Taylor Street in Bloomington Illinois. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The London Bridge Hospital is a private hospital on the south bank of the River Thames in London.
 The Hatakeyama Memorial Museum of Fine Art (畠山記念館 Hatakeyama Kinenkan) is a private museum in Tokyo Japan centered around tea utensils. It holds old Japanese Chinese and Korean works of art such as paintings calligraphic writings pottery lacquer items and Noh costumes. Of the circa 1300 objects in the collection 6 are National Treasures and 32 have been designated as Important Cultural Properties of Japan.
 The Osceola Ditch also known as the East Ditch was built in 1889-1890 to convey water from Lehman Creek Nevada to a hydraulic mine operation at Osceola. Extending for 18 mi (29 km) the ditch includes a 600 ft (180 m) tunnel as well as wooden flumes. The project also includes a rock dam and headgate on Stella Lake. The ditch's terminus at Osceola Nevada became disused during the early 1900s and was destroyed entirely by a fire in the 1940s.
 The Judge Henry Wood Jr. House is a historic home located at Clarksville Mecklenburg County Virginia. It is a two-story Queen Anne style brick dwelling built in three sections. The original section was built between about 1820 and 1840 and forms the center section. The north wing was added after 1872 and the south wing with an octagonal end in the 1880s.
 The Newcastle Commercial District in Newcastle Wyoming comprises the commercial center of this isolated Wyoming town. The town developed along the Burlington and Missouri Railroad in the late 1880s with the commercial district taking shape between 1890 and 1952.
 San Silvestro is a church building in the sestiere of San Polo of Venice northern Italy.The church is located in the business district of Rialto. Originally in the 12th century it was under the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Grado. After rebuilding it was reconsecrated in 1422 and in 1485 it merged with the Oratory of Santa Maria dei Patriarchi e di Ognissanti.
 Fisher Homestead also known as Cedarcroft Farm is a historic home located near Lewes Sussex County Delaware. It dates to about 1850 and is a two-story single-pile center-hall plan dwelling with wood pilasters at the corners in the Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof and is sheathed in cedar shingles. It has an original one-story three bay rear wing and a two-story wing raised to that height in the early 1900s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Empire State Building is a 103-story skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan New York City at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and West 34th Street. It has a roof height of 1250 feet (380 m) and with its antenna spire included it stands a total of 1454 feet (443 m) high. Its name is derived from the nickname for New York the Empire State.
 Courtland Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Burton Michigan a suburb of Flint Michigan USA. It opened in 1968 two years before the larger Genesee Valley Center on the other side of the Flint metropolitan area. Courtland Center comprises more than sixty inline tenants including four anchor stores: JCPenney Dunham's Sports Staples and Jo-Ann Etc. The mall is owned by Tucker Development.
 Gandzasar monastery (Armenian: Գանձասարի վանք) is a tenth to thirteenth century Armenian monastery situated in the Mardakert district of de facto Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (de jure: Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan). Gandzasar means treasure mountain or hilltop treasure in Armenian. The monastery holds relics believed to belong to St.
 Westin Chennai is a 10-storied five-star hotel in Chennai India. Located on Velachery Main Road in Velachery a southern suburb of Chennai it is the sixth Westin hotel in India.
 Mercy Medical Center is a Roman Catholic hospital in the city of Cedar Rapids Iowa. The hospital is located at 10th Street SE and 8th Avenue SE. Mercy Medical Center is one of two hospitals in Cedar Rapids the other being St. Luke's Hospital.Mercy Medical Center has a Level III trauma center staffed by board certified physicians on a 24 hour basis. At one time both Mercy and St. Luke's were recognized as regional trauma centers.
 The U.S. Arsenal-Officers Quarters (also known as the Mt. Vernon Arsenal or Chattahoochee Arsenal) is a historic site in Chattahoochee Florida. It is located at 100 North Main Street part of the Florida State Hospital on U.S. 90. On July 2 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Described by Stow (1598) as a “proper thing” St Michael’s Wood Street in Cripplegate Ward was the hurried burial site for the head of King James IV of Scotland (Huelin 1996). First mentioned in 1225 (Harben1919) the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London (Reynolds 1922) and rebuilt after some pressure (Hallows 1974) by Sir Christopher Wren in 1673 (Whinney1971). The organ was built by Thomas Elliot in 1800 (Pearce 1909).
 The Old National Pike Milestones marked each mile of the National Road in Maryland United States between Baltimore and Cumberland. The surviving stones have been included in the National Register of Historic Places and may be seen along US 40 Maryland Route 144 Alternate US 40 and other roads that trace the path of the Old National Pike.
 The Simeon E. Dow House (Simon E. Dow House) is an historic two-story 13-room red brick house in Dow City Iowa United States. It was built in 1872 by Simon E. Dow (Simeon E. Dow) who in 1869 co-founded Dow City and later became one of its leading businessmen. In 1970 it was bought by the Crawford County Conservation Board to be restored and is now open for public tours from 12:00 p.m.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Edmondthorpe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Edmondthorpe Leicestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 John Wesley Methodist Episcopal Church and Cemetery also known as John Wesley United Methodist Church and Wesley Chapel is a historic Methodist Episcopal church and cemetery located at West Warm Springs Bath County Virginia. It was built by former slaves in 1873 and is a one-story front-gabled log church clad in weatherboard with a stone foundation. A frame vestibule with bell tower was added to the front of the church and a choir loft rear extension was added in 1923.
 Samuel N. Mumma Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at East Hempfield Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1914 and is a three-story three bay by ten bay rectangular brick building. It has a gable roof and sits on a limestone foundation. It was built for the processing and storage of cigar leaf tobacco.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 St Matthew's Church also known as the Glass Church is a in Millbrook in the parish of Saint Lawrence Jersey in the Channel Islands. Built in 1840 the church is known for its glass-work by René Lalique. St Matthew's is an active Church of England church in the Diocese of Winchester and the Archdeaconry of Bournemouth.
 The Alfred and Olive Thorpe Lustron House is a Lustron house presumably owned by Alfred and Olive Thorpe. It is located at 1001 Northeast 2nd Street in Fort Lauderdale Florida United States. On November 1 2007 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Craig Healing Springs also known as the Craig Springs Conference Grounds is a historic resort property located at Craig Springs Craig County west of New Castle Virginia. It encompasses 23 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure associated with the Craig Healing Springs resort. They include mostly frame resort cottages in addition to the two-story brick Oak Lodge (c. 1935). It contains guest rooms and the facilities for the healing baths.
 Whitcomb Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1847. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 John Minor Crawford House also known as Building 301 is a historic home located at Monongahela Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1878 and is a 2 1/2-story four bay brick Italianate-style dwelling. It has a shallow pitched roof and tall narrow windows. It was converted to a health center in the 1970s and used as such until 1988.
 Zambar is a restaurant on the 3rd floor of Ambience Mall in Gurgaon Haryana northern India. It serves South Asian cuisine specifically the cuisines of Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. Delhi Food Tours said of the restaurant I think Zambar was a breath of fresh air. Just walking into the restaurant you get the whiff of typically south Indian spices which can be traced to the open kitchen within seconds.
 The Charles Trombly House is located at 553 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is more commonly known as the Beaubien House and is currently the headquarters of the Michigan Architectural Foundation and the American Institute of Architects of Michigan. The building is one of the oldest remaining houses in Detroit and was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 James L. Crawford House also known as Lackawanna County House of Detention was a historic home located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 and was a Tudor Revival style dwelling.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was delisted in 1992 after being demolished in 1991.
 The Upcountry History Museum is a history museum in Greenville South Carolina that displays the regional history of fifteen upstate South Carolina counties from the early 18th century to the present.
 Built in 1972 the Cebu Taoist Temple is located in Beverly Hills Subdivision in Cebu City Philippines. The temple was built by Cebu's substantial Chinese community. With an elevation of 300 metres (980 ft) above sea level the temple is a towering multi-tiered multi-hued attraction accessible by three separate winding routes.Unlike the neighboring Phu Sian Temple the Taoist temple is open to the worshipers and non-worshipers alike.
 The Piquette Avenue Industrial Historic District is a historic district located along Piquette Street in Detroit Michigan from Woodward Avenue on the west to Hastings Street on the east. The district extends approximately one block south of Piquette to Harper and one block north to the Grand Trunk Western Railroad Line. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The area along Piquette was an important center for automobile production in the early 20th century.
 The former DeRham Farm is located along Indian Brook Road just off NY 9D in the Town of Philipstown north of Garrison New York United States. It is a complex of buildings assembled by a gentleman farmer in the early 19th century that remain intact today.It has since its construction been split into four contiguous lots on either side of the road totalling almost 20 acres (8.1 ha). In 1980 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter is the mother church of the Catholic Diocese of Rockford. It is the third church to serve the diocese as its cathedral.
 Westfield Woden (until recently known as Woden Plaza) is a large shopping centre located in the Woden Town Centre in the suburb of Phillip of Canberra Australian Capital Territory.
 The Little Loomhouse is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in the Kenwood Hill neighborhood on the south side of Louisville Kentucky. It consists of three cabins from the nineteenth century Victorian Era: Esta Cabin Tophouse and Wisteria Cabin. It not only displays weavings but has active education and resident artist programs. The organization participates in several local festivals giving demonstrations of spinning dyeing and weaving.
 Fort Ontario is a historic fort situated by the City of Oswego in Oswego County New York in the United States of America. It is owned by the state of New York and operated as a museum known as Fort Ontario State Historic Site.
 The Wallowa County Chieftain Building in Enterprise Oregon is a historic building of the Wallowa County Chieftain newspaper that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.It is significant for its association with the Wallowa County Chieftain which has run since 1884 and has served the county with general news and at times with controversy.It is one of a few surviving historic buildings in Enterprise constructed of local Bowlby stone; others are the NRHP-listed Wallowa County Courthouse and the Burnaugh Building.;This building was built for the newspaper in 1915 or 1916 the newspaper itself has moved on to a new location at 209 N. 
 Tureholm Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The Dry Mills Schoolhouse is the last standing single-room schoolhouse of twelve originally built in Gray Maine. It was built around 1857 and operated as a schoolhouse until 1958. The house and original granite slab foundation have since been moved to Maine Wildlife Park Road. In the early 1990s it was restored to its original condition except for an outhouse that used to be attached to the building. The restorations cost approximately $12000.
 Calderstones House Calderstones Park Liverpool was built in 1828 for Joseph Need Walker a lead shot manufacturer. In 1875 the house and estate were acquired by Charles McIver founder of Cunard Line for £52000. It is a Grade II Listed building. The House and Stables now house the Recreation and Open Spaces Departments of the Liverpool City Council.However in January 2012 the council placed the house on the market.
 Stanley Dock Tobacco Warehouse (Stanley Dock Liverpool England) is a grade II listed building and is the world's largest brick warehouse. Standing 125 feet (38 m) high the building was at the time of its construction in 1901 claimed to be the world's largest building in terms of area.The 14 storey building spans across 36 acres (150000 m2) and its construction used 27 million bricks 30000 panes of glass and 8000 tons of steel.The overall design is by A.G.
 The Harry B. Merrihew Drugstore at 1st West and Main Sts. in Lehi Utah was built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.When listed it was one of only two remaining pre-1900 Early Commercial style buildings in Lehi.
 Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church at 750 Main Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts and was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The church was founded in 1848 but a local hall was used for services until a wooden church was built in 1849.
 The Musée Bourdelle is an art museum located at 18 rue Antoine Bourdelle in the 15th arrondissement of Paris France. It is open daily except Mondays. The nearest Paris Métro stations are Falguière and Montparnasse – Bienvenüe.The museum preserves the studio of sculptor Antoine Bourdelle (1861–1929) and provides an example of Parisian ateliers from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was Bourdelle's active studio from 1885-1929.
 The Old U.S. Post Office in Bend Oregon is a post office building that was built in 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.According to its NRHP nomination the Post Office is a noteworthy example in Oregon of StrippedClassical architecture in which historical ornament is subordinated to a modernisticemphasis of geometric volume.
 The Édifice Price (English: Price Building) is an 18-floor (originally 16) skyscraper in Quebec City Canada. Built in 1930-1931 amid controversy for Price Brothers ltd. it is the tallest building in the Old Quebec historical district and one of the oldest skyscrapers in Canada. The building is the property of the Quebec City municipal administration but is leased to and used by the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec. A memorial is attached to the building.
 Connecticut Street Armory also known as the 74th Regimental Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is sited at Columbus Park. It is a massive castle-like structure built in 1899 of Medina sandstone. It was designed by architect Isaac G. Perry. It consists of a 3 1⁄2-story administration building with an attached 2-story drill shed all constructed of sandstone lying on a rusticated battered stone foundation.
 Kate Annette Wetherill Estate is a national historic district located at Head of the Harbor in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with three contributing buildings two contributing sites and two contributing structures. The estate house was designed by Stanford White in 1895 in the Colonial Revival style The main block of the house is two stories with a full attic formed of facade gables corresponding to an octagonal form.
 The Mazza Museum of International Art from Picture Books is an art museum located at The University of Findlay in Findlay Ohio. It is devoted to illustrations from children's picture books.
 The School of Tropical Medicine (Spanish: Escuela de Medicina Tropical) was an educational institution created in 1926 by an act of the Puerto Rican Legislature to further the research initiated by the Anemia Commissions and the Institute of Tropical Medicine on anemia and its causes. The institution existed as an independent entity until 1949 when it was integrated into the School of Medicine of the University of Puerto Rico.
 The Port Moody Station Museum is owned and operated by the Port Moody Heritage Society and is part of their effort to promote increased awareness and knowledge of Port Moody British Columbia's heritage and history.
 Rowton Castle near Shrewsbury Shropshire England is a Grade II* listed country house that was once the home of the Royal Normal College for the Blind before it moved to its present location in Hereford. The house is situated in 17 acres (7 ha) of grounds about 6 miles (10 km) west of Shrewsbury. It is currently used as a hotel.The present castle was built in the 17th Century although a previous castle named Rowton Castle had stood on the site for several hundred years previously.
 Orthodox Church in Knin is a Serbian Orthodox church in Šibenik-Knin County. Church built in the neo-Byzantine style.
 St Laurence's Church Gonalston is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Gonalston.
 Santissimo Salvatore is a Baroque style church in central Bologna.
 The Chamber of Commerce Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Renaissance Revival-style red brick building five floors in height eleven bays long and three bays wide and built 1904-05. It was built during the rebuilding of the financial area in Baltimore following the Great Fire of 1904 and features many terra cotta decorative elements. The rebuilt structure was designed by Baltimore architect Charles E. Cassell.
 Presbyterian Church is a church at 2002 Franklin Street in Bellevue Nebraska that was built c.1856-58 and has been believed to be the oldest surviving building in Nebraska that was built to hold religious services.
 The Santa Fe Terminal Complex is an 18-acre (73000 m2) complex of historic buildings in the Government District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA). Constructed in 1924 as the headquarters for the Gulf Colorado and Santa Fe Railway and the Southwest’s largest merchandising center three of the original four buildings remain today and have been renovated into various uses. Santa Fe Buildings No. 1 and No.
 Colmore Gate is an office and retail building in Birmingham England. An example of early 1990s architecture by the Seymour Harris Partnership the lift shaft is on the outside of the building and the windows are tinted a dark blue colour. The design blends a traditional look with modern materials and style. It is situated in the heart of the business district of Birmingham.
 The Espace Léopold (French commonly used in English) or About this sound Leopoldruimte (Dutch) is the complex of parliament buildings in Brussels (Belgium) housing the European Parliament a legislative chamber of the European Union (EU).It consists of a number of buildings primarily the oldest the Paul-Henri Spaak building which houses the debating chamber and the President's offices and the Altiero Spinelli building which is the largest.
 Floreasca City Center is a multi-functional center with a shopping and entertainment complex as well as two office buildings in Bucharest. Floreasca City Center consists of a center for shopping entertainment and business. The gross area amounts to approx. 214000 m² with rentable area of approx. 120000 m² and more than 2000 parking places.It is the tallest building in Romania with shopping-mall entertainment retail and offices.
 The World Trade Centre Hull & Humber is a world trade centre located in Kingston upon Hull England and opened in 2008 after the completion of the building in 2007. It provides a service for UK based organisations looking to operate at an international level and also offers a specific entry point for global organisations looking to do business in the Humber region. The building is located at Humber Quays in Hull's waterfront and business district.
 Peter of P. Grossnickel Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Myersville Maryland Frederick County. It consists of a mid-19th-century Greek Revival farmhouse and 13 related buildings and structures. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story stone center-passage house on a limestone foundation with a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing and 18-inch-thick (460 mm) walls. The house was built between 1840 and 1850.
 The William Gabbert House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Gothic Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican Church in Nailsea Somerset England. It dates from the 15th century and is a Grade I listed building. It features a tower with 6 Bells a cemetery and a community centre called The Trinity Centre.
 The PGGMB Building was constructed in 2003 is the third tallest building in Brunei after The DST Group Building. The Building was listed as the sixth tallest Building in Borneo just about 295 feet high.
 The Minor Basilica of the Holy Child (Spanish: Basílica Menor del Santo Niño; Italian: Basilica Minore del Santo Bambino) commonly known as Basilica del Santo Niño is a minor basilica in Cebu City in the Philippines that was founded in the 16th century.
 The Masjid al-Nuqtah (Arabic: مسجد النقطة‎ - Mosque of the Drop [of the blood of Husayn]) is a mosque located on Mount Jawshan in Aleppo Syria. The main feature of the mosque is a stone believed to be stained with the blood of Husayn ibn ‘Alī by Shī‘ah Muslims.Also located near this mosque on Mount Jawshan is a mashad (shrine) known as Mashad al-Siqt (Arabic: مشهد السقط‎ - Place of miscarriage). As the prisoners of Karbalā were passing through Aleppo one of wives of Husayn had a miscarriage.
 The David M. Anthony House in Swansea Massachusetts is a historic house at 98 Bay Point Avenue in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Parliament House is the meeting facility of the Parliament of Australia located in Canberra the capital of Australia. The building was designed by Mitchell/Giurgola Architects and opened on 9 May 1988 by Elizabeth II Queen of Australia. Costing around A$1.1 billion it was the most expensive building in the world at the time of its construction.[citation needed]Federal Parliament meetings were first held in Melbourne until 1927.
 The Hathaway Tenement is a historic tenement house located at 311—321 River Street in North Adams Massachusetts. A row of six apartment units it was built in about 1850 and is a rare surviving example of the early period of North Adams' industrial development. A similar nearby property has been extensively altered.
 The Church of the Transfiguration is a Roman Catholic parish located at 25 Mott Street on the northwest corner of Mosco Street (formerly Park Street) in the Chinatown neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York and is staffed by the Maryknoll order.
 Red Rocks Park is a mountain park in Jefferson County Colorado owned and maintained by the city of Denver as part of the Denver Mountain Parks system. The park is known for its very large red sandstone outcrops. Many of these rock formations within the park have names from the mushroom-shaped Seat of Pluto to the inclined Cave of the Seven Ladders.
 Oseh Shalom is the only synagogue in Laurel Maryland and one of 5 Reconstructionist synagogues in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. Members of the community hail from many nearby areas including Howard County Montgomery County Prince George's County and Anne Arundel County. Oseh Shalom was founded in 1966 and affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement in 1979.Oseh Shalom is known for its distinctive synagogue building with its blue wings and glowing dome.
 Le Fanu House is a large Federation Queen Anne style single-storey home located in Salvado Street Cottesloe Western Australia. It was built circa 1893 and is regarded as an example of a grand beachside home but is now a near-ruin.
 Jose Castro House now known as the Castro-Breen Adobe in San Juan Bautista California USA is a historic adobe home built by José Castro in 1840. Castro was Commandant General of Alta California. In 1848 Castro sold the house to Patrick Breen survivor of the ill-fated Donner party of 1846 and the Breen family lived in the house until 1935.The Jose Castro House was declared a California Historical Landmark in 1935 and a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 Charles Manning Reed Mansion also known as the Erie Club is a historic home / clubhouse located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. The original section of the 2 1/2-story brick mansion was built between 1846 and 1849. It was expanded with a one-story bay about 1855 a two-story bay about 1865 and a two-story extension in 1970. The front facade features a pedimented portico with four two-story fluted Ionic order columns in the Greek Revival style.
 Barakhamba also known as Barakhamba Monument is a 14th-century tomb building from the Lodi period that is located in New Delhi India. Barakhamba means twelve pillars in the Urdu and Hindi languages. The name has also been used for an upscale modern metro road named the Barakhamba road in Connaught Place at the heart of the city.Barakhamba monument is a tomb of an unknown individual a high nobleman.
 The Moravian Pottery & Tile Works (MPTW) is a history museum located in Doylestown Pennsylvania. It is maintained by the County of Bucks Department of Parks and Recreation. The museum was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was later included in a National Historic Landmark District along with the Mercer Museum and Fonthill.
 The Friedrich-Engelhorn-Hochhaus is a 28-storey 101.63 m (333.4 ft) skyscraper in Ludwigshafen am Rhein Germany. When completed in 1957 as the headquarters for the BASF Corporation it was the tallest building in Germany.
 Samuel Warden House is a historic home located at Mount Pleasant Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1886 and is a three-story square brick dwelling in the Second Empire style with Queen Anne and Eastlake style details. It has a mansard roof clad in octagonal fishscale slate with dormer windows.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Rich Hill also known as The Adventure or Griffith House is a historic home located at Still Pond Kent County Maryland United States. It is a 5-bay 2 1⁄2-story brick building with a two-story brick kitchen wing built about 1753.Rich Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 St Joan of Arc Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Farnham Surrey. It was founded in 1890 and built in its present location in 1929. It was decided that the Farnham church should be dedicated to St Joan of Arc because Farnham Castle was a residence of Cardinal Henry Beaufort who was present at her trial. It is a Romanesque Revival church and a Grade II listed building. It is situated between Tilford Road and Waverley Lane south of Farnham Railway Station.
 St Peter's Church Rock Ferry is in St Peter's Road Rock Ferry Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St. Mary's Church Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church 14 William Street (Spring Street/Memorial Boulevard) in Newport Rhode Island.The parish congregation was founded in 1828. The current church building was constructed in 1848 by Patrick C. Keely. In 1953 Senator John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Bouvier were married at St. Mary's. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Swords and Ploughshares Museum is a private military museum located south of the village of Kars Ontario. The Museum is focused on a specific aspect of Canadian military history: the Citizen Soldier (the Militiaman and Reservist) at peace and at war. The Museum uses vehicles and artifacts to demonstrate how they could be adapted and used by Citizen Soldiers for both military and civilian purposes.
 The Motorists Mutual Building is a 286ft (87m) tall skyscraper located at 471 East Broad Street Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1973 and was designed by Brubaker/Brandt and Maddox NBD. It is the 18th tallest building in Columbus has 21 floors and 6 elevators. It is also the headquarters of the Motorists Mutual Insurance company.The building follows the modern and international architectural styles and has a curtain wall facade system.
 The Farnam Mansion is a 19th century mansion in the city of Oneida which is located in Central New York State midway between the cities of Syracuse and Utica. Build circa 1862 it is situated on the southwest corner of Main and Stone Streets within the city's Main-Broad-Grove Streets Historic District which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The National Museum of Sculpture is a museum in Valladolid Spain belonging to the Spanish Ministry of Culture. The museum has an extensive collection sculptural ranging from the Middle Ages to the nineteenth century from convents donations deposits and acquisitions of the state. The museum was founded as the Provincial Museum of Fine Arts on October 4 1842. It had its first headquarters at the Palacio de Santa Cruz. On 29 April 1933 it was moved to the Colegio de San Gregorio.
 The Adams-Clarke House is a historic late First Period house at 93 W. Main Street in Georgetown Massachusetts. The 2.5 story colonial house was probably built by Isaac Davis sometime after he bought the land in 1716. Its oldest section is the chimney and right side rooms with the left side rooms added not long afterward. The house exterior was refashioned in Federal style c.
 The Marion S. Whaley Citrus Packing House (also known as the Sullivan Brothers Victory Groves Citrus Packing House) is a historic site in Rockledge Florida. It is located at 2275 U.S. 1. On April 8 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Jiangnan Examination Hall (simplified Chinese: 江南贡院; traditional Chinese: 江南貢院; pinyin: Jiāngnán Gòngyuàn) near the Confucius temple is located in the southern part of Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. It is the largest examination hall for imperial examination in ancient China.
 The Tweddle Farmstead is a Registered Historic Place located on Beaverdam Road in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York. It has been listed since 1999.Built in the early 19th century by Bercoon van Alst it was added to significantly in the 1830s in the Greek Revival style. This gave the house its current front. Thomas Tweddle bought the house in 1868 and it has remained in his family since.
 Henry M. Peck House is a historic home located at West Haverstraw in Rockland County New York. It was built about 1865 and is a large two story wood frame dwelling on a stone foundation. It features an S-curved mansard roof sheathed in slate in the Second Empire style. It also has a central projecting entrance / tower bay and two story gable roofed kitchen / servant wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Norge Train Depot is a historic home located at Norge near Williamsburg James City County Virginia. It was built about 1907 by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway from standardized plans. The train station is the last surviving example of a wood frame “informal standard” depot in the six states that were served by Chesapeake and Ohio Railway.
 Saint Mary of Blachernae (full name in Greek: Θεοτòκος τών Βλαχερνών (pr. Theotókos tón Blachernón); Turkish name: Meryem Ana Kilisesi) is an Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul. The little edifice built in 1867 got the same dedication as the shrine erected in this place in the fifth century which until its destruction in 1434 was one of the most important sanctuaries of Greek Orthodoxy.
 Ruby Falls is a 145-foot high underground waterfall located within Lookout Mountain near Chattanooga Tennessee in the United States.
 The Washington Park Sewage Pumping Station is an historic site at Shipyard Street in Providence Rhode Island.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Phillips House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1891 and is a two story Queen Anne style dwelling with an asymmetrical slate covered roof. It features a front porch with turned posts and balusters and scalloped shingle and spool decoration.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The U.S. Courthouse & Federal Office Building Milwaukee Wisconsin is a post office Federal office and courthouse building located at Milwaukee in Milwaukee County Wisconsin. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin.
 The Bay Isle Commercial Building is a historic site in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 238 East Davis Boulevard. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Edgar Allan Poe Museum is a museum located in Richmond Virginia dedicated to American writer Edgar Allan Poe. Though Poe never lived in the building it serves to commemorate his time living in Richmond. The museum holds one of the world's largest collections of original manuscripts letters first editions memorabilia and personal belongings. The museum also provides an overview of early 19th century Richmond where Poe lived and worked.
 The Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse also known as the Jersey City Powerhouse in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States was built in 1908. The powerhouse made possible the subway system between New Jersey and New York for the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (which became PATH in 1963). The powerhouse was closed in 1929 and used as a storage place for railroad equipment.
 Barngalow is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of North Elba Essex and Franklin County New York. It was built in 1905 and is a two story wood frame structure that was originally a barn and converted to residential use about 1910. It has a bungalow form and features a gable roof and shed roof dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 George W. Childs School is a historic school building located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1893-1894 and is a three-story three bay brick building with brownstone trim in the Classical Revival-style. A three-story nine bay yellow brick addition was built in 1928. It features a stone arched entrance Palladian window and copper cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Chanticleer Garden is an estate and botanical garden located at 786 Church Road Wayne Pennsylvania. It is open Wednesday through Sunday April through October; an admission fee is charged. The gate is crested with carved stone roosters or chanticleers in French. The house and grounds were listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Dundalk Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore and Baltimore County Maryland United States. The district is a cohesive unit made up of residential commercial and institutional buildings with structures the generally date from 1910-1940. Major architectural styles represented include Period Revival (particularly Colonial Revival and Tudor Revival) and Art Deco/Streamline Moderne. The District includes 962 resources contribute to its significance.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 2nd Street and 3rd Avenue NW in Hickory North Carolina.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church building at 1903 Church Street in Galveston Texas.The Presbyterian congregation was organized in 1840 with the assistance of missionaries from the United States and it met in a wooden church building from 1843 to 1872 the first church building in Galveston. The current Romanesque building was constructed in 1872 and is considered one of the best examples of Norman architecture in the region. It was designed by Nicholas J.
 The Edward Schulmerich House is a two-story private residence on East Main Street in downtown Hillsboro Oregon United States. Completed in 1915 the American Craftsman Bungalow style structure was constructed for state senator Edward Schulmerich and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The building retains much of the original materials used in finishing the interior including the linoleum in the kitchen and built-in cabinets of this Airplane Bungalow.
 Ever Rest is the home and studio of Jasper F. Cropsey an influential painter in the Hudson River School. The historic house museum is located in Hastings-on-Hudson New York and was built in 1832. Cropsey acquired the property in 1885 and built an artist studio addition. It is managed by Newington-Cropsey Foundation which preserves the house and the work of Cropsey.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Castillo Concejuelo is a private castle and automobile museum located in Torre Loizaga Biscay in the Basque Country Spain.
 The Old Enon Road Stone Arch Culvert is a historic limestone bridge in southern Clark County Ohio United States. It carries Rocky Point Road over Mud Run a tributary of the Mad River just west of its intersection with Old Mill Road. Located approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) east of Enon in eastern Mad River Township it was constructed under the leadership of stonemason Samuel Taylor in 1871.
 Gifu Castle (岐阜城 Gifu-jō) is a castle located in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. Along with Mount Kinka and the Nagara River it is one of the main symbols of the city.
 The Wanton-Lyman-Hazard House is the oldest surviving house in Newport Rhode Island United States. Built ca. 1697 it is also one of the oldest surviving houses in the state. It is located at the corner of Broadway and Stone Street in the downtown section of the city in the Newport Historic District.
 The City Hall Historic District is a historic district in Lowell Massachusetts roughly between Broadway and French Streets Colburn Street and both sides of Kirk Street. The centerpiece of the district is the Richardsonian Romanesque City Hall built in 1893 to a design by Merrill and Cutler with its 180-foot (55 m) clock tower.The district features Greek Revival and Romanesque Revival architecture including work by Kirk Boott.
 The Singer Building in Pasadena California is a Spanish Colonial Revival building located at 520 E. Colorado Boulevard in Pasadena California. Built in 1926 the building was designed by Everett Phipps Babcock and is his only surviving non-residential design. The Spanish Colonial Revival design of the building was popular in Pasadena in the 1920s. Prominent features of the building's design include a red tile roof a stone frieze with a tiled pattern and piers with decorative moldings.
 The White House of the Chickasaws in Milburn Oklahoma was built in 1895. It was designed by Dallas architect W.A. Waltham in the Queen Anne style. The house is also known as Gov. Douglas H. Johnston House because Chickasaw Governor Douglas Hancock Johnston and his descendants resided in the mansion from 1898 to 1971 when the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.On July 21 1902 Johnston Murray the son of Oklahoma Governor William H.
 The Espoo Cathedral (Finnish: Espoon tuomiokirkko Swedish: Esbo domkyrka) is a medieval stone church in Espoo Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Espoo of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland. The cathedral is located in the district of Espoon keskus near the Espoonjoki river. The oldest parts of the church were completed in the 1480s and it is thus the oldest preserved building in the city.
 Zion Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Palmyra Wayne County New York. It was designed in a Late Gothic Revival style by Emlyn T. Littel and was built in 1872. It is built of Medina sandstone with limestone trim. Its roof features polychrome slate shingles.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1996. In 2009 it was included in the Palmyra Village Historic District.
 Thomas Dodge Homestead is a historic home located at Port Washington in Nassau County New York. It is a settlement era farmhouse dated to 1721 with additions completed about 1750 and in 1903. It is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped heavy timber-frame building sheathed with natural cedar wood shingles. The main block has a saltbox shape and there is a nearly square 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed wing. Also on the property are a contributing barn (1880) privy (1886) chicken coop and shed.
 The Prinkipo Greek Orphanage (also known as Prinkipo Palace or Büyükada Greek Orphanage) is a historic 20000-square-meter wooden building on Büyükada one of the nine Princes' Islands off the coast of Istanbul Turkey in the Sea of Marmara. It is considered the largest wooden building in Europe and second largest in the world. It served as an orphanage from 1903 to 1964.
 Protection of the Holy Virgin Memorial Church is a Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR) church in Ottawa Canada. The church is located at 99 Stonehurst Avenue in the Mechanicsville area of Ottawa. It is part of the Montreal and Canada Diocese of ROCOR.
 Buffalo Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic site at 800 and 803 Sixteenth Street in Greensboro North Carolina that was established in 1775.Architect Harry Barton (1876-1937) is associated with the building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Archdiocesan Cathedral of the Holy Trinity at 319–337 East 74th Street on the Upper East Side in New York City New York is a Byzantine Moderne-style Greek Orthodox church. It serves as the national cathedral of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America and Archbishop Demetrios of America.Established in 1891 and at its present location since 1932 it was the second Greek Orthodox church in the Americas and the first in New York City.
 Union Society of Phoenixville House (or Community House) is a historic building at 4 Hartford Turnpike in Eastford Connecticut.The village of Phoenixville is within the town of Eastford and the Union Society of Phoenixville House is located at the junction of State Highway 198 and U.S. Route 44. It was built in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. Mill owner Smith Snow built the house as a wedding gift for his wife.
 Hospital México is a hospital located in the western part of San José in Costa Rica. The hospital operated by the Costa Rican Department of Social Security has 633 beds and it is certified for trauma and emergency medical services.
 St James' Church Halloughton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Halloughton.
 For the Maennerchor in Indiana see Indianapolis Maennerchor
 The Millwood Historic District in Millwood Washington is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. The listing included 69 contributing buildings and one other contributing site. It includes work by architect Harold Whitehouse.
 St. Nicholas Collegiate Reformed Protestant Dutch Church was a Reformed Protestant Dutch church in Midtown Manhattan New York City that at the time of its demolition in 1949 was the oldest congregation in Manhattan. The church was located on the northwest corner of Fifth Avenue and Forty-eighth Street. The church was built in 1872 to Gothic Revival designs in brownstone by architect W. Wheeler Smith and distinguished by an elegantly tapered spire that according to John A.
 Gauff-Roth House is a historic home located at 427--443 Auburn St Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It features a wraparound porch third floor balcony a polygonal turret and a hipped roof with multiple gables and dormers.
 The MBA Building or Modern Brotherhood of America Building also known as the Brick and Tile Building is a large office building in Mason City Iowa built in 1916-1917 for the Modern Brotherhood of America a fraternal lodge. The MBA's primary purpose was to provide life insurance to its members and the building housed those operations.
 Thomas and Lydia Gilbert Farm also known as the Datestone Farm is a historic home and farm located at Holicong Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section of the farmhouse was built in 1711 with additions made in 1735 and 1812. Each section is marked with a datestone. The house consists of two 2 1/2-story stone sections with a unifying cornice roofline and slate-covered gable roof. It is in a vernacular Georgian style. The house was restored in 1970-1972.
 St. John the Evangelist's Church was the first purpose built Roman Catholic Church to be built in Nottingham since the English Reformation. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Quarry Bridge is located near Quarry Iowa in Marshall County Iowa. The bridge is also called the Iowa River Bridge. It was built in 1885 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1998.The superstructure of the bridge was fabricated by the King Iron Bridge Company of Cleveland Ohio. The builders completed the bridge in September 1885 at a cost of $3295. The total length of the bridge is 149.9 feet (45.7 m). The deck width is 16.1 feet (4.9 m).
 Saturn V Dynamic Test Stand also known as Dynamic Structural Test Facility at the George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville Alabama is the test stand used for testing of the Saturn V rocket and the Space Shuttle prior to the vehicles' first flights. Designated building 4550 it stands 363 feet (111 m) tall and is 98 feet (30 m) square. NASA built the test stand in 1964 to conduct mechanical and vibrational tests on the fully assembled Saturn V rocket.
 The former General Hospital situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1896 by the Germans and designed by the architect Henri Drees.
 The Niagara Engine House is located on North Hamilton Street in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is a brick building constructed in the early 20th century the only extant fire house of the six engine companies that once protected the city.It was designed by local architect Percival M. Lloyd in a late application of the Gothic Revival architectural style. In 1982 it along with two other old Poughkeepsie firehouses was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church known as the Prairie Cathedral or the Cathedral of the Cornfields is a Roman Catholic church in Beaverville Illinois. The Romanesque Revival church was built in 1909–1911. The church features two towers and a tiled dome roof; it is both the tallest and most prominent landmark in Beaverville. In 1996 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cook's Mill also known as The Old Mill and The Greenville Mill is a historic grist mill and sawmill and national historic district located near Greenville Monroe County West Virginia. The district includes one contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The main mill building was built in 1857 on the original stone foundation and site of an earlier mill built in approximately 1796.
 The Newburgh Mall is a regional shopping center located on NY 300 in the Town of Newburgh New York near where Interstate 87 (the New York State Thruway) intersects with Interstate 84. It was opened in 1980 by Kravco property management (now Kravco Simon) which owns the King of Prussia Mall outside of Philadelphia. The mall has over 65 stores and is anchored by Bon Ton and Sears.
 St Jude Melkite Catholic Church is a Melkite Greek Catholic Church (which is a Melkite Greek Catholic Church of Byzantine rite) in Brickell in Miami Florida.It is located at 126 SE Fifteenth Road Miami FL 33129. It is part of the Melkite Greek Catholic church under the Eparchy of Newton.The church occupies the building that used to be known as the Chapel of Academy of the Assumption.
 The Groat–Gates House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kintersburg Covered Bridge is a covered bridge spanning Crooked Creek in Rayne Township Indiana County Pennsylvania United States. Built in 1877 it is one of four covered bridges in the county and is the only one with a Howe truss design. It is 62-foot-long (19 m). The Howe design is rather rare in covered bridges. The Kintersburg Bridge is one of only five in the state of Pennsylvania with that design.
 The Saddlehorn Comfort Station is one of a group of related structures listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado National Monument. The comfort station (otherwise known as a public toilet) and the nearby caretaker's house garage and the Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District feature a consistent interpretation of the National Park Service Rustic style featuring coursed ashlar sandstone masonry and log-supported roof structure.
 Tyrone Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in St. Petersburg Florida. Opened in 1972 it features Dillard's J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears as its anchor stores.
 Young At Art Museum (YAA) is a museum in Davie Florida founded in 1987 with the belief that art is a fundamental part of a child’s complete education. It is located at 751 SW 121st Avenue Davie Florida USA in the Greater Fort Lauderdale region. The museum is one of only 8 Major Cultural Institutions in Broward County and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. The 55000 sq. ft.
 The Shrine of Hussain ibn Ali (Arabic: مقام الامام الحسين‎) is one of the oldest mosques in the world and a holy site of Shiism in the city of Karbala Iraq. It stands on the site of the grave of Hussain ibn Ali the second grandson of Muhammad near the place where he was martyred during the Battle of Karbala in 680 C.E.. The tomb of Hussain ibn Ali is one of the holiest places for Shias outside of Mecca and Medina and many make pilgrimages to the site.
 Sycamore Ranger Station also known as Sycamore Work Center and as Sycamore Administrative Site in Prescott National Forest near Camp Verde Arizona was built in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which includes vernacular national(?) and other styles. It was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service.
 John Blue House in Laurinburg North Carolina was built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978.A unique example of Steamboat Gothic architecture the John Blue House provides a glimpse into the past of the rural Carolinas. The home features 12 exterior doors each with its own stained glass light above. The house has nine fireplaces and rare double circular porches.
 Albuquerque Plaza also known as the Bank of Albuquerque Tower is a 107 m (351 ft) high-rise on the south side of Civic Plaza 201 Third Street NW in Downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. It is the taller of a two tower complex that contains class-A office space connected at ground level by a two-story promenade containing retail space connecting to the shorter Hyatt Regency Albuquerque hotel tower. At 22 stories it is the tallest building in New Mexico.
 Maple Grove is a historic estate located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. The estate consists of eight contributing buildings: the main house farmer's cottage (c. 1850) barn (c. 1850) carriage barn (c. 1850) garage (c. 1850) shed and two cottages (c. 1830). Also on the property is a pair of contributing sandstone gateposts (c. 1850). The main house was built in 1850 in the Italianate style and remodeled in 1891.
 The Sweeney-Conner cabin is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 Daniel Boone Hotel is a historic hotel located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a Classical Revival Style ten story structure with blond brick exterior and tan modular stone-looking terra cotta. The building was originally constructed in 1927-29 expanded in 1936 and again in 1949 to provide a total of 465 rooms a large ballroom and 3 parlor meeting rooms.
 Rose Hill is an antebellum house in Louisville Kentucky. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It is located about three miles (5 km) from Downtown Louisville in the Douglass neighborhood of Louisville's Highlands area. It is located just off Bardstown Road.
 City Tower (formerly the Sunley Building) is a 30-storey skyscraper situated at Piccadilly Gardens in Manchester England. It has the highest office space currently available in Manchester standing 107 metres (351 ft) tall. City Tower was completed in 1965 the Plaza complex was constructed by the developers Bernard Sunley and designed by Covell Matthews & Partners. It is currently the third tallest building in Manchester.
 First Protestant Church is a historic church at 296 South Seguin Street in New Braunfels Texas.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Pasig Cathedral formally known as the Immaculate Conception Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church located at Plaza Rizal in Barangay Malinao Pasig City in the Philippines. It is the cathedral or seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pasig belonging to the Vicariate of the Immaculate Conception. It was established as a mission-parish by the Augustinian missionaries on July 2 1573 coinciding with the foundation of the town of Pasig (now Pasig City).
 Iglesia de San Martín de Tours (San Martín del Rey Aurelio) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in medieval times. The present church is built on an ancient Romanesque temple of which few traces remain. Since its original building it has undergone several reforms. The exterior of the temple is white except the doors and openings that are built with masonry. At the top is a belfry.
 Grestain Abbey (or Grestein Abbey French: Abbaye Notre-Dame de Grestain) was an 11th-Century Benedictine monastery near the town of Fatouville-Grestain which is located in the modern-day Eure département of Upper Normandy France. The abbey was in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lisieux.
 The Prospect Point Park observation tower is a tower located in Niagara Falls New York USA and just east of the American Falls. The tower stands at 282 feet (86 m) with the base at the gorge level and visitors entering at the ground level from Prospect Point Park. It sees eight million visitors annually.The tower is constructed of aluminum glass and steel.The tower was originally built in 1961 and extensively refurbished in 2001.
 Nathaniel Parmeter House is a historic home located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built about 1830 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-two-bay gable-roofed rural Federal-style residence constructed of red Potsdam Sandstone in the slab and binder style. A 1-story frame ell was removed in 1935.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Dr. Tappan Eustis Francis House is a historic house at 35 Davis Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Sørfjorden Church (Norwegian: Sørfjorden kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørfjorden. The church is part of the Rødøy indre parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1916 and it seats about 230 people. It was designed by architect O.M. Olsen.
 Chapel Hill Bible Church formerly Amity Baptist Church is a Baptist house of worship located off Bingham Road near Marlboro New York United States. It is a small wooden building in the Picturesque mode of the Gothic Revival architectural style dating to the mid-19th century. In 2005 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pinehurst Resort is a historic upmarket golf resort in the United States located in Pinehurst North Carolina. It has hosted a number of prestigious golf tournaments.
 First Baptist Central Church is a historic Baptist church at 521 N. Central Avenue in Okmulgee Oklahoma.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Ford House is a georgian revival former home (now a commercial building) built c. 1835. The most famous resident Antonia Ford was a spy for the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as part of the City of Fairfax Historic District.
 Burnham Norton Friary was a Carmelite (White Friars) friary near Burnham Market in Norfolk England. It is now a ruin.The friary was founded by Sir William Calthorp and Sir Ralph Hemenhale in 1241 the first Carmelite monastery to be founded following the expulsion of the order from Mount Carmel in Sinai in 1238. The theologian monk Robert Bale was prior of Burnham Norton for a time until his death in 1503.
 The United States Capitol Complex is a group of about a dozen buildings and facilities in Washington D.C. that are used by the United States government. The buildings and grounds within the complex are managed and supervised by the Architect of the Capitol.
 The Exchange Place Historic District in Salt Lake City Utah is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It included ten contributing buildings and three non-contributing buildings on a 6.2-acre (2.5 ha) area with significance dating to 1903.Its oldest building in the NRHP nomination was the Federal Building and Post Office which had been built during 1903–06. That building was renamed in 1990 as the Frank E.
 The S. Curtis Smith House is a historic house at 56 Fairmont Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1883 and is one of Newton's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. It exhibits a full range of that style's features including asymmetrical massing with numerous and varied gables a tower with an octagonal arched roof bands of different types of shingling and an ornately decorated front portico. The house was built for S.
 Hilton is a historic home located at The Community College of Baltimore County in Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. It is an early-20th-century Georgian Revival–style mansion created from a stone farmhouse built about 1825 overlooking the Patapsco River valley. The reconstruction was designed by Baltimore architect Edward L. Palmer Jr. in 1917. The main house is five bays in length two and a half stories above a high ground floor with a gambrel roof.
 The Douglas Union School at 130 Center St. in Douglas Michigan was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Taunton City Hall is an historic city hall containing the offices of the municipal government for the city of Taunton Massachusetts including the office of the mayor and the city council chambers. The building was originally constructed in 1848 and expanded in 1896. It is a contributing property to the Church Green national historic district located at the intersection of U.S. Route 44 and State Route 140.
 Osen church (Norwegian: Osen kirke) is located in the village of Osen in the municipality of Osen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church was built in 1877 and can hold 350 people. It is part of the Church of Norway in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Morgantown Wharf and Warehouse Historic District is a national historic district located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. The district includes 36 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures in a formerly industrial area along the Monongahela River and B&O Railroad tracks.
 The Hiram Smith House is a buff brick two-story octagonal house located in Neenah in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The home features a porch on three sides. It was owned by Hiram Smith. The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bolbec Castle or Bolebec Castle was a castle in the village of Whitchurch Buckinghamshire England.
 Educor is a premier supplier of tertiary education in South Africa. Educor is an abbreviation for the Education Investment Corporation Limited. They are the largest provider of private education in Southern Africa. They provide Higher Further and Vocational education via face-to-face classes distance learning and online learning. They also offer full-time and part-time studies providing people from all walks of life with access to education.
 Franklin Square is one of the five original open-space parks planned by William Penn when he laid out the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania in 1682. It is located in the Center City area of the city between North 6th Street and North 7th Streets and Race Street and the Vine Street Expressway (I-676).The park went through a period of deterioration but was refurbished and revitalized in 2006.
 John McGeer House is a historic home located at Moravia in Cayuga County New York. It is a two-story brick Italianate style residence with a rear wing of frame construction. The house was built in 1871. Also on the property is a frame wagon shop built or expanded to its present form about 1884.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Captain William Vicary House is a historic mansion in Beaver County Pennsylvania United States. Located at 1235 3rd Ave. in the borough of Freedom the house lies along the community's main street above the Ohio River.William Vicary was a merchant sea captain and land speculator originally from Philadelphia. He later moved to Columbia Pa. where he became a Burgess.
 The Kentucky Museum of Art and Craft (also referred to as KMAC [kay-mac]) located in Louisville Kentucky's Museum Row in the West Main District of downtown is a nonprofit organization founded in 1981 to continue the art and craft heritage of Kentucky through the support and education of craft artists and education of the public.
 The Gardner Mill at 1050 West 7800 South in West Jordan Utah was built in 1877. It includes Greek Revival and Federal architecture and has also been known as West Jordan Mill.
 The Lime Kilns are an historic site (lime kilns) in Lincoln Rhode Island near Limerock Rhode Island off Louisquisset Pike Sherman and Dexter Rock Roads.The Kilns were largely constructed in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 All Saints’ Church in Howick was the first parish church in Auckland and the oldest building in Manukau. It can be found on the corner of Cook Street and Selwyn Road in the suburb of Howick New Zealand.The Church was built in November 1847 at a cost of 147 pounds 3 shillings and 9 pence. The first service was held in the church on 21 November 1847 although the roof had not been finished at that stage. It was the first building to be erected in Howick.
 The Tyler Museum of Art is located at 1300 South Mahon Avenue in the city of Tyler county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a private corporation accredited by the American Alliance of Museums encouraging art education in the community. It's permanent collection includes Texas artists.
 The Villa d'Este originally Villa del Garovo is a Renaissance patrician residence in Cernobbio on the shores of Lake Como northern Italy. Both the villa and the 25-acre (100000 m2) park which surrounds it have undergone significant changes since their sixteenth-century origins as a summer residence for the Cardinal of Como.
 Niagara Falls State Park is located in the City of Niagara Falls New York in Niagara County. The park has the American Falls the Bridal Veil Falls and part of the Canadian Falls.Niagara Falls State Park is the oldest state park in the United States. In 1885 the Niagara appropriations bill was signed into law creating the Niagara Reservation.
 Rienzi Plantation House is located in Thibodaux Louisiana. It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 31 1980.Rienzi plantation house is located directly across Bayou Lafourche from the town of Thibodaux. Despite the proximity of a modern shopping center the house enjoys an historic setting due to the large live oaks on the property.
 The Digital Media City Landmark Building (Korean: 디지털 미디어 시티 랜드마크 빌딩) or DMC Landmark Building also known as Seoul Lite or Light Tower was a 133-floor 640 m (2100 ft) supertall skyscraper proposed for construction in Digital Media City Seoul South Korea. It was slated to become the third-tallest building in the world when completed after Burj Khalifa and Pingan International Finance Centre. It would have been the tallest building in Korea.
 The original Brady Hotel a three-story wood frame building was built in 1903 at Archer and North Main in Tulsa Oklahoma by W. Tate Brady. It was the first hotel in Tulsa with baths conveniently located to the Frisco railroad depot and very popular among the oil men attracted by the new oil discoveries at Glen Pool. This was also the meeting place where Charles N. Haskell announced his candidacy to become the first governor of the new state of Oklahoma.
 For other hotels with a similar name see Claridge Hotel.Claridge's is a 5-star hotel located at the corner of Brook Street and Davies Street in Mayfair London. It has long-standing connections with royalty that have led to it sometimes being referred to as an annexe to Buckingham Palace.
 Burley Manor is a historic home located in Berlin Worcester County Maryland. It is a Federal-style brick house built about 1832.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Château d'Écouen is a historical château in the city of Écouen north of Paris France. The château was built between 1538 and 1550 by the architect Jean Bullant for Anne de Montmorency who was made Connétable de France in 1538.
 Büyük Aga Medrese is a historical 15th century Madrasa in Amasya Turkey. The Madrasa was built in 1488 by order of the chief white eunuch Hüseyin Ağa of the Ottoman sultan Bayezid II.
 Wallace Chapel AME Zion Church is located at 138-142 Broad Street at the intersection of Broad and Orchard streets in Summit Union County New Jersey United States. It was organized in 1923 and the church building was completed in 1937 the second black church in that city. It was listed on the New Jersey and National Registers of Historic Places in 2007.
 Macclesfield Castle (also known as Buckingham Castle or Buckingham Palace) was a fortified manor house/castle in Macclesfield Cheshire (grid reference SJ91717358). John de Macclesfield began construction of the castle in 1398. It was made from sandstone and was square with projecting wings. Alterations were made in the 15th century and it passed through the hands of two families of earls. By 1585 the building was ruinous and all that survived to the 20th century was the porch.
 The Musée Fabre is a museum in the southern French city of Montpellier capital of the Hérault département.The museum was founded by François-Xavier Fabre a Montpellier painter in 1825. Beginning in 2003 the museum underwent a 61.2 million euro renovation which was completed in January 2007. It is one of the main sights of Montpellier and close to the city's main square the Place de la Comédie.
 Lielvārde Castle (Lielvārde bishop's castle) is a castle in Lielvārde - town in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. Castle has been built at the steep bank of Daugava River overseeing this important medieval waterway. Built before 1248 by Riga Archbishop destroyed by Russian troops in 1579. Conserved ruins up to the level of second floor.
 Old Pathology Building is an educational building part of Melbourne University’s city campus in Melbourne Victoria. The building has since been renamed as Elisabeth Murdoch building. It is located on Spencer Road as building number 134 campus reference number F 20. Built in 1885 by architects Reed Henderson & Smart.
 The Aviation Museum of Kentucky is an aviation museum located at the Blue Grass Airport in Lexington Kentucky. Incorporated in April 1995 and opened to the public in August of the same year it includes 12000 square feet (1100 m2) of exhibit space a library and an aircraft restoration and repair shop.Historic airplanes photos documents and training equipment are all included in the museum's permanent collection.
 Museum of Diving (Muzeum Nurkowania) – museum established in 2006 by the Warsaw Diving Club (Warszawski Klub Płetwonurków) located at 88 Grzybowska Street in Warsaw.Museum was opened on 27 February 2006 marking the 50th anniversary of establishing the Warsaw Diving Club. It is the only such institution in Poland and one of the few in Europe.Museum has a collection of around 800 objects associated with underwater diving and underwater archaeology.
 The Museum of Apollonia or Fier Archaeological Museum is an archaeological museum approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Fier Albania. It was established in 1958. The museum contains artifacts unearthed nearby from the ancient Greek town of Apollonia and is close to the Ardenica Monastery.
 The Methodist Central Hall 196-224 Corporation Street Birmingham England is a three storey red brick and terracotta Grade II* listed building with a distinctive tower at the northern end of Corporation Street opposite the Victoria Law Courts.
 St Barnabas Church is a Church of England parish church in Jericho central Oxford England located close to Oxford Canal.
 The Olympic Museum (French: Musée olympique) in Lausanne Switzerland houses permanent and temporary exhibits relating to sport and the Olympic movement. With more than 10000 pieces the museum is the largest archive of Olympic Games in the world and one of Lausanne's prime tourist site draws attracting more than 250000 visitors each year.The Olympic Museum and the Olympic Park (sculpture garden between the museum and the Lake Léman) are located at Ouchy.
 Volterra Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta or Duomo di Volterra) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Volterra Italy dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary. It is the seat of the bishop of Volterra.
 Fillmore Block now known as the Dows Mercantile Store is an historic building located in Dows Iowa United States. The building was built in 1894 and it was acquired by the Dows Historical Society in 1987. It was reopened two years later as an antique mall that also sells Iowa-made products.
 Remington Centre (滙通廣場) is an 800000 square feet Chinese-themed mall to be built at the corner of Kennedy Rd. and Steeles Ave in Markham Ontario Canada on the site of the present Market Village mall. It will be connected to Pacific Mall by an indoor walkway.
 Samsoni Monastery (Armenian: Սամսոնի Վանք) is a 12th-13th century monastery easiest reached via Yenokavan in the Tavush Province of northern Armenia. It is a small monastic complex that is located in a forested area along the slopes of a mountain approximately 6 km to the south of Deghdznuti Vank of the 13th century and not far from the medieval fort of Berdakar.
 The MacArthur Center is a shopping mall in Norfolk Virginia in the center of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is majority-owned and operated by the Taubman Company.
 The Bergmann Hotel is a hotel and bar operating in Juneau Alaska. It is among the National Register of Historic Places listings in Juneau Alaska on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Colonel John Ashley House is a historic house museum located on Cooper Hill Road Sheffield Massachusetts. It is operated by The Trustees of Reservations. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Casa 74 also known as 255 East 74th Street is a 30-story 87-apartment condominium building. It is located on East 74th Street on the corner of Second Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood in Manhattan New York City.The building was designed by Hugh Hardy's H3 Hardy Collaboration Architecture and built in 2008.
 Providence Milwaukie Hospital is a 77-bed acute care hospital in Milwaukie Oregon US. Located in the Portland metropolitan area it is owned by Providence Health & Services. Opened in 1968 it was originally Dwyer Memorial Hospital a private hospital before becoming a community hospital a few years after opening.
 The Reformed Church of Newtown is a historic Reformed church located in the Elmhurst neighborhood in Queens New York.
 Burgruine Edenvest is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 The Chemical Building Field's Point Wastewater Treatment Facility is an historic site located on Ernest Street at Field's Point in Providence Rhode Island.The late-Victorian site was built in 1900 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Howland Chapel School is a historic school building for African-American students located near Heathsville Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1867 and is a one-story gable fronted frame building measuring approximately 26 feet by 40 feet. It features board-and-batten siding and distinctive bargeboards with dentil soffits. The interior has a single room divided by a later central partition formed by sliding removable doors.
 H. L. Mencken House was the home of Baltimore's famous son Henry Louis Mencken who lived here from 1883 until his death in 1956. Designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985 this Italianate brick row house at 1524 Hollins Street was the home of one of Baltimore’s most famous citizens—noted Baltimore Sun journalist and author Henry Louis Mencken lived here from 1883 until his death in 1956. Mencken wrote of his home: “I have lived in one house in Baltimore for nearly 45 years.
 Nagashino Castle (長篠城 Nagashino-jō) was a Sengoku period Japanese castle located in what is now Shinshiro eastern Aichi Prefecture Japan. It is noteworthy as the site of the crucial Battle of Nagashino between the combined forces of Tokugawa Ieyasu and Oda Nobunaga against Takeda Katsuyori in 1575.
 Upleadon Preceptory was a priory in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO66504270.
 Queanbeyan District Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the City of Queanbeyan in New South Wales Australia. The hospital is located on the corner of Erin and Collett streets and is operated by the Southern New South Wales Local Health District. The facility incorporates general medical surgical and specialist services. A major $51 million redevelopment of the facility was completed in 2009 including construction of a mordern 10400 m2 (112000 sq ft) main hospital building.
 The Minnesota Correctional Facility – Faribault is a state prison located in Faribault Minnesota. As of August 2010 it had an adult inmate population of about 2000 men making it the largest prison in Minnesota by population.The prison was established in 1989 on the 140-acre (0.57 km2) campus of a former state mental hospital.
 Bristol Mall is the only regional shopping mall serving Bristol Virginia. Anchor stores of the mall comprise two Belk stores as well as JCPenney and Sears. One of the Belk stores was previously Parks-Belk while the other which opened as Miller's Department Store later became Hess's and then Proffitt's.In April 1999 Bristol Mall was sold to Aronov Realty Management of Montgomery Ala. from an affiliate of Urban Retail Properties Chicago for $25 million
 The Provo Downtown Historic District is a 25-acre (10 ha) historic area located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The district is composed of four blocks of Center Street (100 East to 300 West) and one and a half blocks of University Avenue. The NRHP listing included 43 contributing buildings. The majority of the buildings in this district were built between 1880 and 1930 however there were buildings constructed all the way through the seventies.
 Chepstow Museum is a museum in Chepstow Monmouthshire south east Wales. It is operated by Monmouthshire Museums Service.
 Youngerman Block is a three-story commercial building in downtown building in Des Moines Iowa incorporating Italianate architecture with later alterations that introduced Art Deco detailing. Built in 1876 the Youngerman Block was designed by architect William Foster (1842-1909) for Conrad Youngerman.
 Tavigny Castle is a castle in Tavigny in municipality of Houffalize Belgium.
 The Museum of Cadiz is a museum located in Cádiz Spain. It was founded in 1970 after the merger of the Provincial Museum of Fine Arts with the Provincial Museum of Archaeology. It is on three floors archaeology on the ground floor art on the first and puppets on the second floor.
 Mill Woods Town Centre is a shopping centre located in south Edmonton Alberta in the neighbourhood of Mill Woods. It contains 85 retailers including Canadian Tire Safeway and Shoppers Drug Mart. Some surrounding satellite stores are located in and around the mall's exterior properties such as Petcetera and a medical centre. There is also an ETS transit centre on the eastern side of the property.
 Knowles Memorial Chapel built between 1931 and 1932 is an historic Mediterranean Revival building located on the campus of Rollins College in Winter Park Florida in the United States. On December 8 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the Knowles Chapel at Rollins College on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places.
 The Ho-Am Art Museum (in Korean: 호암미술관) is an art museum in Yongin Gyeonggi-do South Korea approximately 40 km south of Seoul.It holds a number of traditional Korean paintings.The museum was built in 1982 by Samsung and named after their former chairman Lee Byung-chull. Ho-Am is his pen name which means filling up a space with clear water as lakes do and being unshakeable as a large rock. It is located in the Everland Amusement Park.
 Cambria County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Ebensburg Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1880-1881 and is a 3 1/2-story brick building in the Second Empire style. It features a mansard roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church and Rectory in Poughkeepsie New York was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Tor Royal is a Grade II listed building near Princetown Dartmoor in the English county of Devon.
 New Herrnhut Moravian Church is a historic Moravian church in Charlotte Amalie Virgin Islands.It was built in 1737 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Chicago Bee Building is a historic building on Chicago's South Side. It originally housed the Chicago Bee a newspaper serving the African Americans of Chicago. The building now houses the Chicago Bee Branch of the Chicago Public Library. The building was named a Chicago Landmark on September 9 1998.
 The Old Worth County Courthouse in Northwood Iowa United States was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the first building the county used for court functions and county administration. The building functions as the Main Museum for the Worth County Historical Society.
 Splendid China Mall (Traditional Chinese: 錦繡中華; Simplified Chinese: 锦绣中华) (formerly Splendid China Tower) is a 90000-square-foot (8400 m2) Chinese-themed ethnic shopping centre located at the southeast corner of Redlea Avenue and Steeles Avenue in the former Toronto municipality of Scarborough Ontario Canada. The current building was built from the shell of the former Canadian Tire store formerly operating at the location.
 The first Alpha Tau Omega fraternity house in Eugene Oregon is a 2.5-story building in the craftsman style completed in 1910. The wood-frame hip roof building was constructed by Eugene blacksmith George Lill and features seven varieties of decorative cement blocks applied to the exterior surface. Lill manufactured the blocks himself by a process meant to simulate fine ashlar stone masonry.Alpha Tau Omega was the fourth fraternity to open at the University of Oregon.
 The Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center under construction in Downtown Orlando Florida United States. It will replace the Bob Carr Performing Arts Centre originally built in 1926. The new performing arts center is scheduled to open in 2014.
 Savannah Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall on the southside of Savannah Georgia. The mall opened on August 29 1990 and has four anchor stores: Bass Pro Shops Burlington Coat Factory Dillard's and Target. Some of the 110 stores inside of the mall include Victoria's Secret Gymboree Bath & Body Works Spencer Gifts GameStop Foot Locker Sunglass Hut International Payless Shoe Source and Cold Stone Creamery. Ruby Tuesday and Texas Roadhouse are the mall's restaurants.
 The Chickatawbut Observation Tower is a historic tower on Chickatawbut Road in Quincy Massachusetts.Unlike Great Blue Hill Observation Tower a similar tower at the opposite end of the Blue Hills Reservation Chickatawbut tower is not open to the public.
 Trinity Lutheran Church is a historic church at 402 E. Constitution in Victoria Texas.It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Italian Tomato (イタリアン・トマト) is a Japanese Italian restaurant and bakery chain. It has been featured as a background in the Namco arcade and video console game hits Tekken 3 and Tekken Tag Tournament. A cameo of this restaurant appeared in the Nintendo Family Computer RPG Rasāru Ishii no Childs Quest.
 The Fairmount Apartments also known as the Grand Lady of Jersey City are located in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. The Apartments were added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 3 1995. The Apartments are an example of an early twentieth century Arts and Crafts style apartments. The building consists of two L-shaped 4 1⁄2-story brick-and-concrete structures connected by a 1-story structure.
 Hampstead Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Emerson Avenue in Hampstead New Hampshire.It was built in 1748 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The A. V. Peters House aka the Peters-Liston-Wintermeier House located in Eugene Oregon United States is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built c1870 for merchant Andrew Vincent Peters and his wife Mary Elizabeth Lizzy (Shaw) Peters on the southeast corner of 10th and Pearl streets (original address was 661 Pearl Avenue) and moved to its current location in 1912.
 Montrose Mansion and Chapel originally known as Montrose Mansion is a historic home located on the grounds of the former Maryland Industrial Training School for Girls at Reisterstown Baltimore County Maryland. It is a two-story neoclassical stone house constructed originally about 1826 by William Patterson who gave it to his grandson Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte as a wedding present.
 The Cathedral of All Saints Albany New York is located on Elk Street in central Albany New York United States. It is the central church of the Albany and the seat of the Episcopal Bishop of Albany. Built in the 1880s in the Gothic style and designed by Robert W. Gibson it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Harpursville United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Harpursville in Broome County New York. It is a small T-shaped one story building built in 1920. The foundation walls and entrance tower are built of stone while the upper portion of the walls are of wood frame construction clad in stucco. The building embodies features typical of the Gothic Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Morton Memorial Library is located on Elm Street in Pine Hill New York United States. It is a stone building in the Georgian Revival architectural style built at the beginning of the 20th century.It was named after a summer resident of the area who became a philanthropist later in his life. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Ririe B Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge is a bridge located in Ririe Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Wilco Building is a high rise in downtown Midland Texas. At 308 feet (94 m) tall and 22 floors it is the second-tallest building in the city after the Bank of America Building. For many years the Wilco Building was the tallest building between Fort Worth and Phoenix until the Bank of America Building was constructed. The Bank of America Building is now said to be the tallest building between Fort Worth and Phoenix. In 1985 the Wilco Building underwent some renovations.
 The Confederate Monument in Louisville is a 70-foot-tall monument adjacent to and surrounded by the University of Louisville Belknap Campus in Louisville Kentucky USA. Owned by the city of Louisville the monument commemorates the sacrifice of Confederate veterans.
 The Random House Tower also known as the Park Imperial Apartments is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City that is used as the headquarters of Random House and a luxury apartment complex. The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors while the apartment complex entrance is on 56th Street.Separate architects designed each of the sections. Skidmore Owings & Merrill designed the office portion which has a steel frame. Ismael Leyva Architects and Adam D.
 Church of Holy Ascension in Krupanj is Serbian Orthodox church in western Serbia.
 Pawling Hall is a historic meeting hall located at Hagaman in Montgomery County New York USA. It was built in 1891 and is a simple two story brick masonry building with a gable roof in the Italianate style. It incorporates a meeting hall small performance stage and village government offices.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Pembe Köşk (Pink Villa) is an Ottoman-era house in the Çankaya district of Ankara Turkey which is the city’s oldest villa and was the home of Turkish President İsmet İnönü from 1925 to 1973.İnönü purchased the villa in 1924 and it was used for strategic meetings by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as well as concerts gallery openings pool and chess tournaments and the city’s first ball on February 22 1927.The building now houses a museum of İnönü’s personal belongings and diplomatic photographs which is occasionally opened to the public.
 Forest Retreat is a historic home of Kentucky governor (during 1828-1832) and United States Senator Thomas Metcalfe located in Nicholas County Kentucky. It is currently a private residence.It was built in 1795. The grounds of Forest Retreat include the Metcalfe family burial plot.
 The Domhoff Buildings are a pair of historic commercial buildings in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Designed by architect W.W. Franklin the two buildings are located on one corner of the junction of Hamilton and Chase Avenues that neighborhood's most important intersection.Charles Henry Domhoff was a manufacturing magnate in late nineteenth-century Cincinnati.
 Giske Church (Norwegian: Giske kyrkje) is a 12th-century marble parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the south side of the island of Giske about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of the town of Ålesund. The church is part of the Giske parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is open for guided tours during the summer season.
 Fireman's Drinking Fountain is a historic drinking fountain located at Slatington Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909 and is a 12-foot high monument with a 7-foot 3-inch statue of a volunteer fireman holding a child in his left hand and a lantern in his right. The zinc statue was manufactured by the J. W. Fiske & Company. It was restored in 1979 after being hit by an automobile.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Église Saint-Vincent-de-Paul is a Roman Catholic church in Marseille. It is also known as Les Réformés.
 The Red Star Lodge and Sawmill also known as the Shoshone Lodge is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest near the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park. Built between 1924 and 1950 the ranch includes a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins and support buildings. What is now called the Shoshone Lodge is the most intact example of a dude ranch operation in the area.[citation needed]
 Eggenberg Palace (German: Schloss Eggenberg) in Graz is the most significant Baroque palace complex in Styria. With its preserved accouterments the extensive scenic gardens as well as some additional collections from the Universalmuseum Joanneum housed in the palace and park Schloss Eggenberg counts among the most valuable cultural assets of Austria.
 The Reliance Tipple is the site of two coal tipples associated with coal production at Reliance Wyoming. The first tipple was built in 1910 and used until 1936. The wood structure was built on a sandstone foundation and served Reliance Mines No. 1 through No. 6. The perishable portions of the earlier tipple have disappeared leaving only the sandstone foundations and some artifacts buried in the tailings pile.The second tipple was built in 1936 when Reliance Mine No. 7 was opened.
 Christian Hospital Bissam Cuttack is a prime missionary hospital as well as one of the private recognized hospitals of Indian Railways in the most backward regions of the state of Odisha India. The hospital today extends its services in general medicine surgery obstetrics eye dental chaplaincy nursing education and a Community Health programme called MITRA (Madsen's Institute for Tribal and Rural Advancement). The hospital also runs a recognized nursing school in the medical campus.
 The Water Tower was built in 1897 by Challenge Wind and Feed mill Company of Batavia Illinois. This is a rare wooden tank atop a brick tower type of water tower. Built on a limestone foundation it is 140 feet (43 m) tall and about 20 feet (6.1 m) in diameter. The brick walls are 2 feet (0.61 m) thick. The original tank was replace in the Challenge Company in 1924. The tank is made of horizontal battens of cypress held in place by metal binder rings.
 The Free Methodist Church is a historic building in Dayton Oregon United States. Built in the 19th century the church building is now occupied by the Dayton Assembly of God Church. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1987.It was built by a John Watson who also built other structures in the Dayton area. He served as the first pastor.
 The Adolph Block located in Salem Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Clifton Cliff Jail is the original town jail in Clifton Arizona. It was built in 1881 and first restored in 1929. The jail is now part of the Clifton Townsite Historic District which was added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 The John R. Waterman House is an historic house at 100 Old Homestead Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Asmita Gardens is a residential complex located in Bucharest. The complex has a total surface of 70000 sqm and is formed by a total of seven towers five of which have a height of 16 floors (64 m) one tower with a height of 20 floors (80 m) and one tower with a height of 24 floors.
 The Church of the Ascension and Saint Agnes is an historic Episcopal church building located at 1215 Massachusetts Avenue in Northwest Washington D.C. USA. The current structure built in 1874 as the Church of the Ascension was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. In the late 1940s the Church of the Ascension merged with the nearby St.
 The Old Mill Site Historic District in Hatfield Massachusetts encompasses the site of a late 19th century mill. It is one of only two such sites in the town. The centerpiece of the district is the former Shattuck Gun Factory building (built 1881) which in 1989 housed newspaper offices and in 2013 a bed and breakfast.
 Highpoint I was the first of two apartment blocks erected in the 1930s on one of the highest points in London England at Highgate. The architectural design was by the Russian-born architect Berthold Lubetkin the structural design by the Danish engineer Ove Arup and the construction by Kier.Highpoint I was built in 1935 for the entrepreneur Sigmund Gestetner but was never used for its intended purpose of housing Gestetner company staff.
 The Great Northern Depot in Bemidji Minnesota United States is a former Great Northern Railway depot now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is notable as being the last depot commissioned by James J. Hill the Empire Builder.The building is a one-story structure built of brick and limestone with a hipped roof.
 The Farnsworth House Inn is a bed and breakfast and tourist attraction located in Gettysburg Pennsylvania. The building is purported to be haunted which the business uses in its promotional literature. Apart from being an inn the building has also served as a tourist home and shop.
 Carmarthenshire County Museum is a museum in the old county town of Carmarthen Carmarthenshire in Wales.
 Aruchavank or the Cathedral of Aruch (Արուճավանք; also Surb Grigor) is situated on a rocky plateau at the western foot of Mount Aragats in the village of Aruch in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. According to wall inscriptions on the east wall and manuscripts written by historians Ghevond Hovhannes Draskhanakerttsi and Stepanos Asoghik the church and adjoining building for residence (the palace) were commissioned by Prince Grigor Mamikonian and his wife Heghine/Heline between 661-682 AD.
 The James Cook University Hospital is a 1010 bed major tertiary referral hospital district general hospital and major trauma centre in Middlesbrough North Yorkshire England located on the A172 (known locally as Marton Road) a major route into the centre of Middlesbrough. It forms part of the South Tees Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust along with the Friarage Hospital in Northallerton. It caters for most specialties and is one of the largest hospitals of its kind in the country.
 Llanarth Court Llanarth is a late-18th-century country house with substantial 19th-century alterations in Monmouthshire Wales. The court was built for the Jones family of Treowen Monmouthshire and was subsequently the home of Ivor Herbert 1st Baron Treowen whose family still owns much of the Llanarth estate although not the court itself.
 Elevation Church in Charlotte North Carolina is a Southern Baptist megachurch pastored by Steven Furtick. From 2007 through 2010 Elevation was consistently cited by Outreach Magazine as one of the Top 100 fastest growing churches in the United States. It has been described as a pop culture-friendly church with an orthodox Christian message.
 Prairie D'Ane Battlefield also known as Prairie D'Ann Battlefield or Prairie De Ann Battlefield was the Arkansas site of the Civil War Battle of Prairie D'Ane one of the engagements in the Camden Expedition of 1864.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and with other sites is part of the Camden Expedition Sites National Historic Landmark. It was declared part of the National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 The Philadelphia Contributionship for the Insurance of Houses from Loss by Fire at 212 S. 4th Street between Walnut and Locust Streets in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia was built in 1835-36 and was designed by Thomas U. Walter in the Greek Revival style with Corinthian columns. The portico was replaced in 1866 by Collins and Autenreith who also expanded the living quarters on the top two floors by the addition of a mansard roof.
 Château de Belhade is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 14th century and is built in a 13th-century style.
 Beamish the North of England Open Air Museum is an open-air museum located at Beamish near the town of Stanley County Durham England. The museum's guiding principle is to preserve an example of everyday life in urban and rural North East England at the climax of industrialisation in the early 20th century.Much of the restoration and interpretation is specific to the late Victorian and Edwardian eras together with portions of countryside under the influence of industrial revolution in 1825.
 Loews New Orleans Hotel (formerly the Lykes Center) located at 300 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 22-story 276-foot (84 m)-tall skyscraper.
 University Hall is a student hall of residence at the University of St Andrews in St Andrews Fife Scotland. When it opened in 1896 it was the first residence for women students in Scotland. University Hall is now a mixed residence.The Hall consists of three buildings: Wardlaw a listed building acquired in 1947 which continues to be open to lady students only; Old Wing the original hall; and the modern Lumsden Wing which contains the central dining room.
 The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum identifies and preserves the evolving history and traditions of country music and educates its audiences. Functioning as a local history museum and as an international arts organization the CMF located at 222 Fifth Avenue South in Nashville Tennessee United States serves visiting and non-visiting audiences including fans students scholars members of the music industry and the general public.
 The Starrett-Lehigh Building at 601 West 26th Street between Eleventh and Twelfth Avenues and between 26th and 27th Streets in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is a full-block freight terminal warehouse and office building.
 Hotel Landmark Canton is a 4 star hotel in downtown Guangzhou China. It is located on the side of the Pearl River beside the Haizhu Plaza.
 Church of Apostle Evangelist St. Matthew in Anykščiai (Lithuanian: Anykščių Šv. apaštalo evangelisto Mato bažnyčia) is a red brick Neo-Gothic church in Anykščiai Lithuania. The Church is situated on the right bank of the Šventoji River. The twin spires of the church each 79 metres (259 ft) in height make the church the tallest in Lithuania. The brightly colored stained glass windows were the creation of Anortė Mackelaitė the well known stain glass artist of Lithuania between 1971 and 1986.
 Zion Reformed United Church of Christ originally The German Reformed Church was founded in 1770 in Hagerstown Maryland. The church at 201 North Potomac Street was the first within the town limits. It is the oldest church building in Washington County Maryland that has been in continuous use as a church since its construction. During the American Civil War the church’s bell tower was used as a lookout by Union troops under the command of General George Custer.
 The Palazzo Felicini is a Renaissance style palace in Via Galliera 14 in central Bologna.Like many of the palaces in the crowded center of Bologna the piano nobile and facade extends up to the street over an arcaded front. It stands across from the Palazzo Bonasoni. While Aristotele Fioravanti may have performed some work on the palace before departing in the 1470s the palace as we see ii today was built in 1497 for a Bartolomeo Felicini senator and member of a prominent banking family.
 Samuel Botsford House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is an Italianate style dwelling built about 1868. It is constructed of rubble stone with applied wooden ornaments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Chua Linh-Son is a Buddhist Temple located on 4604 Duval Rd. Austin Texas.
 City Hospital (also known as Island Hospital or Charity Hospital) was a historic hospital on Roosevelt Island Manhattan in New York City.
 University Park Mall is a shopping mall in metropolitan South Bend (Mishawaka Indiana) and is owned by Simon Property Group. The anchors are Macy's JCPenney Barnes & Noble and Sears. The mall was originally anchored by Hudson's as well across the mall from L. S. Ayres which became Marshall Field's in 1997 before closing in 2006 and torn down in 2007. The Hudson's was 122632 sq ft (11392.9 m2). The 152922 sq ft (14206.9 m2). L. S. Ayres was renamed Macy's on September 9 2006.
 Crystal Peaks is a shopping centre and retail park in Sheffield South Yorkshire England.
 The Loyola University Medical Center is a quaternary-care system with a 61-acre (25 ha) main medical center campus in the western suburbs of Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois. The medical center campus is located in Maywood 13 miles (21 km) west of the Chicago Loop and 8 miles (13 km) east of Oak Brook Illinois. The heart of the medical center campus is Loyola University Hospital.
 Veldenz Castle was built on a spur above the village of Nohfelden in Landkreis Sankt Wendel in the northeast of Saarland Germany.
 The Zanesville Y-Bridge is a historic Y-shaped three-way bridge that spans the confluence of the Licking and Muskingum Rivers in downtown Zanesville Ohio. It carries the traffic of U.S. Route 40 (Main Street and West Main Street) as well as Linden Avenue.
 Union Station also known as Albany Union Station is a building in downtown Albany New York. Built during 1899–1900 it originally served as the city's railroad station but now houses bank offices. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1971.Its NRHP application asserted:Perhaps no other building has been so important to the growth of Albany during the twentieth century as Union Station.
 The Turlington Building is a 19-story building in the heart of Downtown Tallahassee Florida. The building was completed in 1990. The entire building serves as the Florida Department of Education. It was named after former Education Commissioner Ralph Turlington.
 Vista Tower (formerly Empire Tower) is part of an integrated development known as The Intermark. Located on Jalan Tun Razak in Kuala Lumpur city centre The Intermark will comprise an office building - Integra Tower a landmark office building – Vista Tower a Doubletree by Hilton Hotel and a 200000-square-foot (19000 m2) retail podium. Phase 1 of the development includes the Vista Tower retail podium and a Doubletree by Hilton Hotel the first in Southeast Asia by 2010.
 The Dr. George W. Carr House is an historic house at 29 Waterman Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Queen Anne style house was built in 1885 by Edward I. Nickerson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.Renamed the Carr Haus it now serves as a student cafe and lounge at RISD.
 The Valley Hospital Medical Center commonly known as Valley Hospital is a for-profit hospital owned and operated by Universal Health Services. The 409-bed hospital is located in Las Vegas Nevada.
 The John Frost House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Cottonport and dates from c.1810.When listed the property included one contributing building and one contributing structure on an area of 3.4 acres (1.4 ha).The NRHP-eligibility of the property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Atwater-Ciampolini House also known as the Charles Atwater House is located at 321 Whitney Avenue in New Haven Connecticut at the southwest corner of intersection with Edwards Street. It is an important example of Shingle style architecture. It was designed by New York City-based architects Babb Cook and Willard and was built during 1890-92.
 The Kidd House in Lavonia Georgia also known as Kidd Residence was built in 1919. It was designed by architect Leila Ross Wilburn. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Hoosick Falls Historic District is located in the downtown section of the village of that name in New York United States. It is an eight-acre (3.2-ha) area concentrated along Church Classic and John streets (NY 22) south of the Hoosick River.Most of its 40 buildings remain largely intact from the late 19th and early 20th centuries a period when Hoosick Falls was economically prosperous due to the mills and factories that drew on the river and its power.
 112 Katong formerly Katong Mall is a 7 storey shopping mall in the east of Singapore located at the intersection of East Coast Road and Joo Chiat Road. The mall opened on 18 November 2011.Pua Seck Guan former chief executive of CapitaLand Retail bought over Katong Mall in a $247.55 million deal. A private trust called Perennial Katong Retail Trust was subsequently formed to buy the mall from Tuan Sing Holdings' Golden Cape Investment.
 West Stockbridge Grange No. 246 is a historic grange hall at 5 Swamp Road in West Stockbridge Massachusetts. The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1838 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.This early Grange Hall was originally built as the Methodist Church in the Village of West Stockbridge in 1838. Located on Swamp Road the property is bordered by the Williams River.
 Lang-Hess House is a historic home located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built about 1865 and is a two-story sandstone building with Italianate design details. An attached ‘sun porch’ was added to the house about 1935. Its builder was associated with the architect and engineers of the Wheeling Suspension Bridge and is believed to have used “extra” sandstone to build his residence following the work on bridge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Hale-Elmore-Seibels House or Seibels House is a historic building located in Columbia South Carolina. Records of the exact year of its construction were destroyed in 1865 during the burning of the city by Union soldiers serving under General William Tecumseh Sherman. The best guess for the date of construction stems from a purported 1796 carved into a beam in the basement.
 Lee's Creek Covered Bridge is a historic wooden bridge on Lee's Creek Road 0.1 miles (0.16 km) south of Kentucky Route 8 near Dover Kentucky. It is 61 feet (19 m) long with a double set of Queen post trusses on each side.It was built in 1835 as a toll bridge and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. Major renovations were completed in 1926 by the Bower Bridge Company and in 1966 by the Kentucky Highway Department.
 Technopolis (Gazi) is an industrial museum and a major cultural venue of the City of Athens Greece in the neighborhood of Gazi next to Keramikos and very close to the Acropolis. It is dedicated to the memory of the great Greek composer Manos Hatzidakis which is why it is also known as Gazi Technopolis Manos Hatzidakis. It has been in operation since 1999 and is situated in the city's former gasworks which were founded in 1857 occupying an area of about 30.000 m2.
 The Faxon House is a historic house at 310 Adams Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Dufferin Mall is a shopping mall and office complex in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located on the west side of Dufferin Street between Sylvan Avenue and Croatia Street (formerly Awde Street) south of the intersection of Bloor Street West on the site of a former race track in the Brockton Village neighbourhood.
 The World Trade Center Montevideo (WTC Montevideo) is a building complex located in Montevideo Uruguay. It was officially opened in 1998 and renovated between 2002 and 2009.The official motto is Work in the best place to live.
 Miya's Sushi is a sushi restaurant located in the Chapel West neighborhood of downtown New Haven Connecticut in the United States.The restaurant was opened in 1982 by Yoshiko Lai a Japanese nutritionist and surgeon's wife. She currently operates the restaurant with her son Bun Lai who is the creator of the current cuisine. The restaurant's original location was at 1217 Chapel Street and in 1990 was relocated to its current location around the corner on Howe Street.
 Foster's Tavern is an upcountry 19th century historic landmark building in Spartanburg County South Carolina located at 191 Cedar Springs Road at the intersection of the old Pickneyville and Georgia roads (highways 56 and 295). In private ownership as of May 2010 the building is considered the oldest brick house in Spartanburg South Carolina and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1970.
 Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children is a pediatric hospital located in Wilmington Delaware. It is controlled by the Nemours Foundation a non-profit organization created by philanthropist Alfred I. du Pont in 1936 and dedicated to improving the health of children. It is also referred to as the A. I. duPont Institute for Crippled Children or more simply the DuPont Institute.
 The Foster Memorial AME Zion Church is located on Wildey Avenue in Tarrytown New York United States. Formed in 1860 it is the oldest black church in Westchester County and possibly one of the oldest in the state. During the Civil War it was a stop on the Underground Railroad. One of the church's founders was herself an escaped slave as were many parishioners. They helped slaves either continue to Canada or settle in Tarrytown if they wished.
 Ibiza Gran Hotel is a luxury five-star hotel in Ibiza. Situated in Ibiza Town it overlooks the harbour and is surrounded by gardens. The hotel as a five-star restaurant which serves Mediterranean and international cuisine and contains the Casino of Ibiza a gambling venue. The hotel also has a spa and wellness center with steam baths jacuzzi climatized pool sauna and Hammam and suites for private treatments.
 The Cahow Barber Shop is located in Chapman Nebraska. It is a false-front building of frame construction with a gable roof and linteled door and window hoods built in 1889. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places; its historical significance derives from its age its architectural design and its association with author-photographer Wright Morris.
 Calvert Memorial Hospital is a small rural community hospital located in Prince Frederick Maryland. Calvert Memorial is the only hospital serving the Calvert County Maryland area. Calvert Memorial does not provide cardiac intervention care rather a Critical Care Paramedic & RN helicopter team flies patients suffering from a Myocardial Infarction (Heart Attack) to MedStar Health's Washington Hospital Center located in Washington DC.
 The Maria Baldwin House is a National Historic Landmark located at 196 Prospect Street Cambridge Massachusetts USA. It is a private home and not open to the public.The house is the northern half of a 19th-century two-family house notable for its associations with educator Maria Louise Baldwin (1856–1922). It was her home when she served as the first female African-American principal in a Massachusetts school at Cambridge's Agassiz Grammar School (from 1916 onwards).
 Sisak Synagogue was the 19th century synagogue in Sisak Croatia built in the 1880. During World War II it was devastated and robbed and synagogue rabbi Beno Heisz was killed in 1943. Synagogue today serves as a music school.
 Tahara Castle (田原城 Tahara-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Tahara southern Aichi Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Tahara Castle was home to the Miyake clan daimyō of the 12000 koku Tahara Domain.
 Dresden City Museum (Stadtmuseum Dresden) is the central city museum for the German city of Dresden. Its displays tell the 800-year story of the city and is the largest and most important of the Dresden State Museums (Städtischen Museen Dresden). Its art collections split off in 2000 to form the Dresden City Art Gallery but both the Art Gallery and the Museum are housed in Dresden's Landhaus.
 The Justin S. Morrill Science Center more commonly known as the Morrill Science Center is a research center lecture hall and faculty office complex serving the College of Natural Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. It comprises four buildings that contain research laboratories for several different programs including the biochemistry biology geosciences microbiology and public health departments.
 The McClurg Museum is a renovated mansion in Westfield New York that serves as the home of the Chautauqua County Historical Society. It is a volunteer-run museum containing various artifacts collected by the historical society along with an extensive library and photo collection. It is open to the public and local schools for educational purposes.
 The First Baptist Church at 302 West Monroe Street in Phoenix Arizona was built in 1929. While local architects Fitzhugh & Byron prepared the working drawings and supervised the building's construction it was mainly designed by supervising architect George Merrill of the Department of Architecture of the American Baptist Home Mission Society in New York.It was designed in an Italian Gothic style but includes Moderne and other architectural elements.
 The Quincy Library (also known as the Quincy Academy) is a historic library in Quincy Florida United States. It is located 303 North Adams Street. On September 9 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 New Lebanon Cumberland Presbyterian Church and School is a historic church on MO A in New Lebanon Missouri.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Capt. Seth Baker Jr. House is a historic house at 35 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts USA. This modest 1.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1850 by Seth Baker Jr. a ship's captain. It is in a simple vernacular Federalist/Greek Revival transitional style with a Federal-style center entry with a tall frieze and projecting cornice.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Benjamin D. North House is a historic home located at Middlefield in Otsego County New York. It was built between 1799 and 1802 and is a two story five bay center hall plan Federal style bank dwelling. It is built of brick with a one and one half story frame wing. Also on the property is a smokehouse (ca. 1800) a small frame privy with clapboard siding (ca.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is located at North Hamilton and Mansion streets on the west side of Mansion Square in Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is a stone church in the Norman-Gothic Revival styles built in the late 19th century.Designed by New York City architect Emlen Littell it has had additions and renovations by other well-known architects such as Frederick Clarke Withers and Richard Upjohn. The interior treatment was done by Tiffany & Co. in the early 20th century.
 Putterham School built 1768 is a one room schoolhouse in Brookline Massachusetts. Originally built at the juncture of Grove and Newton Streets in 1966 the school was moved from its original site to its present location at Larz Anderson Park.
 Gloucester Abbey was a Benedictine abbey for monks in the city of Gloucester England. The abbey was founded about 1022 and was dedicated to Saint Peter. It is recorded that the abbey lost about a quarter of its complement of monks in 1377 due to the Black Death.In 1540 the abbey was dissolved by Henry VIII and became Gloucester Cathedral the following year.
 John Herrington House and Herrington Bethel Church is a historic house and church at 4070 Arbor Rd. NE in Mechanicstown Ohio.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Pemex Executive Tower (Spanish: Torre Ejecutiva Pemex) is a skyscraper in Mexico City. The 214 meter (211 meters to top floor) international style tower was built between 1979 and 1983. Since the building's opening it has been occupied by state-owned Pemex one of the largest petroleum companies in the world.
 Ocean Tower also known as Sofitel Hotel Plaza or The Mall is a building in Karachi Pakistan. It is also known as Ocean Mall.
 Bank of the West Tower also known as Five Hundred Capitol Mall is a 25-story 433508-square-foot (40274.2 m2) high-rise in downtown Sacramento California with a 10-level 800 stall parking garage. The building consists of a 5-story atrium/lobby ground floor retail office space and a 2-level penthouse restaurant or meeting facility. The structure has a steel frame and features a granite curtain wall with stone-on-precast and stone-on-truss panels on the exterior.
 The Florida Air Museum is designated as Florida’s “Official Aviation Museum and Education Center.”[citation needed] It features a display of aircraft including one-of-a-kind designs classics ultra-lights antiques and warbirds.
 Formally known as Fuda Cancer Hospital-Guangzhou (FCHG) Fuda is located in southern China in the city of Guangzhou. Fuda is best known among the late-stage cancer patients who no longer have treatment options with chemotherapy radiation and surgery. Instead Fuda offers newer and sometimes experimental therapies.
 Greenville Mall is a shopping mall managed by Rouse Properties located in Greenville North Carolina which has over 500000 square feet (46000 m2). It is located at the corner of Greenville and Arlington Boulevards.
 The Barney Flat Historic Railroad Logging Landscape is the historic remains of railroad logging on the South Kaibab Plateau in the early 20th century. Barney Flat is the only stump field on the National Register of Historic Places. Barney Flat is located in the Kaibab National Forest along the Perkinsville Road south of Williams Arizona. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24 1995.
 The Torres de Hércules (English: Towers of Hercules) are office buildings in Polígono Industrial Las Marismas Los Barrios in Province of Cádiz. The building is 100.6 m (330 ft) tall and was completed in October 2009. The telecommunications antenna on top is 26 m (85 ft) tall. Each of the towers is 20 m (66 ft) in diameter. These towers are the tallest in Andalusia.
 The Old Parliament Building is the building that houses the Presidential Secretariat of Sri Lanka. Situated in the Colombo fort facing the sea it is in close proximity to the President's House Colombo. The building houses the island's legislature for 53 years until the New Parliament Complex was opened at Sri Jayawardenepura in 1983. It is next to the General Treasury Building.
 Beckford Priory was a medieval monastic house historically within Gloucestershire presently in Worcestershire England.
 Charles Schagrin Building is a historic commercial building located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built in the first quarter of the 19th century with a new facade added in 1918 and modified again in 1948. It is a three-story single bay commercial building with a rectangular plan built of wall bearing brick construction.
 St. James Episcopal Church is a historic church at 131 N. State Street in Painesville Ohio. The main building was built in 1865 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Henry Store Foeste Building at 522 S. Eighth St. in Sheboygan Wisconsin United States was built in 1893. It was designed by Wisconsin architect William C. Weeks. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It has also been known as Sheboygan Public Library.
 The Utah Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Utah and family. It is located at 603 E. South Temple St. Salt Lake City Utah.Built in 1902 by United States Senator and mining magnate Thomas Kearns the house was designed by notable Utah architect Carl M. Neuhausen who also designed the Cathedral of the Madeleine in Salt Lake City.
 195 Broadway is a 29-story building on Broadway in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It was the longtime headquarters of American Telephone and Telegraph as well as Western Union for a time. It occupies an entire block on one side of Broadway running from Dey Street to Fulton Street. It also has the address 15 Dey Street well known as the site of one end of the first transcontinental telephone call.
 Built in 1883 on the campus of the University of Vermont by American architect Henry Hobson Richardson the Billings Memorial Library was designed to resemble the Winn Library in Woburn MA. A new library the Guy W. Bailey Library was built for the University of Vermont in 1961 due to lack of space at Billings Library. The Billings Library was then converted to a student center in 1963. After the building was determined have been outgrown for student center purposes the Dudley H.
 Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital is a 102-bed non-profit children's hospital set in the scenic neighborhood of Mt. Washington in Baltimore that provides long-term care for children with complex health problems. MWPH is jointly owned by Johns Hopkins Medical System and University of Maryland Medical System. Funded by patient revenue and private charitable donations Mt.
 Immaculate Conception Church was a historic church on Water Street in Hawesville Kentucky.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1975. River Valley Behavioral Healthnow occupies the site of the former Immaculate Conception Church which has been destroyed but it has not been removed from the Register.
 Warren Congregational Church is a historic Congregational Church at 4 Sackett Hill Road in Warren Connecticut.The meeting house was built in 1818 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The William Gibbs House is a historic house at 14 Liberty Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built c. 1830-54 this 2-1/2 story wood frame house is one Waltham's few temple-front Greek Revival houses. It has four two-story Corinthian columns supporting a fully pedimented gable. It was probably built in the 1840s by William Gibbs a hat manufacturer.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Navy School of Mechanics (in Spanish Escuela de Mecánica de la Armada commonly referred to by the acronym ESMA for Escuela Superior de Mecánica de la Armada) was an educational facility of the Argentine Navy.
 The British Hospital or Hospital Británico is a private hospital in Montevideo Uruguay. It is located in the barrio of Parque Batlle just west of the park of the same name. It was first established by the British in the Ciudad Vieja under the name Hospital Extranjero (Foreign Hospital) in 1857. It moved to its actual location under the current name in 1913. For more than 40 years it offers a private health insurance to its members called British Hospital Scheme.
 Santa Maria Novella is a church in Florence Italy situated just across from the main railway station which shares its name. Chronologically it is the first great basilica in Florence and is the city's principal Dominican church.The church the adjoining cloister and chapterhouse contain a store of art treasures and funerary monuments. Especially famous are frescoes by masters of Gothic and early Renaissance.
 Temple Emanuel on Grape Street in Denver Colorado is a building that was built in 1956. The temple is also called Congregation Emanuel and identified as 5DV8272. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The temple is located in Denver's Hilltop neighborhood.
 St Mary's Church Wimbledon is a Church of England church and is part of the Parish of Wimbledon south-west London England. It has existed since the 12th century and may be the church recorded in the Domesday Book in the Mortlake Hundred. It is still in active use today.
 Nun's Well is an ancient underground water reservoir in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located at Europa Point and is thought to be of the Moorish period. It represents some of the earliest evidence of an artificial water supply in Gibraltar. The name of the cistern is thought to be derived from the nuns associated with the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe. In the eighteenth century Nun's Well supplied the military with water.
 The Carlinville Chapter House is a historic building located at 509 Beacon St. in Carlinville Illinois. The building was constructed between 1909 and 1910 as a meetinghouse for Carlinville's chapter of the American Woman's League. The American Woman's League was a political and social organization founded by magazine publisher Edward Gardner Lewis in 1908.
 The Arlington Gaslight Company is an historic industrial complex on Grove Street in Arlington Massachusetts. The complex was built in 1914 to house a company that manufactured fuel for home use. Its largest building a power station has Romanesque Revival styling with corbelled brick decoration on its cornices. It is one of Arlington's few industrial buildings.
 The Church of Saint Roch (Italian: Chiesa di San Rocco) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Roch in Venice northern Italy. It was built between 1489 and 1508 by Bartolomeo Bon the Younger but was substantially altered in 1725. The façade dates from 1765 to 1771 and was designed by Bernardino Maccarucci. The church is one of the Plague-churches built in Venice.St. Roch whose relics rest in the church after their transfer from Voghera (trad.
 The House at 10 Park Street or the E.M. Clark House is a historic house at 10 Park Street in Methuen Massachusetts.The E.M. Clark House built around 1880 is a well preserved Italianate style single family residences most closely associated with the development of Methuen during the post-war expansion to service the local mills. E. M . Clark an early resident listed his occupation as a shoe manufacturer.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Green Hills Farm also known as the Pearl S. Buck House is the sixty-acre homestead in Bucks County Pennsylvania where Nobel-prize-winning American author Pearl Buck lived for 40 years raising her family writing pursuing humanitarian interests and gardening. She purchased the house in 1933 and lived there until the late 1960s when she moved to Danby Vermont.
 Whitehall is a plantation house that was built beginning in 1764 near Annapolis in Anne Arundel County in the Province of Maryland by Provincial Governor Horatio Sharpe. When Whitehall was built Maryland was a colony of the Kingdom of Great Britain . The house is located about 7.5 miles (12.1 km) to the east of Annapolis on a peninsula between Whitehall Creek and Meredith Creek opposite Sharpe's Point on a branch of Chesapeake Bay. The site originally comprised about 1000 acres (400 ha).
 AON Centre (Royal Insurance Group Building) is a commercial office complex located in Melbourne Victoria Australia at 430-444 Collins Street right in the heart of the Melbourne CBD. A product of a rigorous design process from Australian architecture firm Yuncken Freeman Architects in 1962 the building undertook a two-year construction period and in 1965 it was first opened revealing a 70.00m high structure that spanned 18-storey towards the Melbourne skyline.
 17 State Street is a 42-story building in the Financial District of Manhattan. It was designed by Emery Roth and Sons and it is most noted for its distinct curved facade. The building has been owned by RFR Holding since 1999 when it was acquired from Savannah Teachers Properties Inc. for $120 million.The bottom floors of the skyscraper are home to New York Unearthed an urban archaeology museum with approximately two million artifacts from local excavation sites.
 Pudong International Information Port (Chinese: 浦东国际信息港) is a skyscraper in the Lujiazui financial district of Shanghai China. It is 211 m high has 40 stories and was completed in 2001.
 Kingsland also known as Richmond View was a historic plantation home located at Chimney Corner Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built about 1805 and consisted of a 1 1/2-story frame structure with a rear ell. The main section measured 18 feet by 31 feet and the rear ell extended 55 feet. The house featured a center chimney. Also on the property was a contributing smokehouse. It was moved and reconstructed in 1994.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Byōbuura Gogakusan Tanjō-in Zentsū-ji (屏風浦五岳山誕生院善通寺) is a temple of the Shingon sect in Zentsūji Kagawa Japan. It was established by Zentsū Saeki the father of Kūkai in 813. The East Academy (Tō-in) and the West Academy (Sai-in) are within Zentsu-ji precincts. The West Academy is Kūkai's birthplace. Zentsū-ji is temple No.75 in the Shikoku Pilgrimage.
 The Aaron Hill House is an historic house at 17 Brown Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was built c. 1754 and was originally a two story structure with a steeply pitched roof. It was moved c. 1867 from its original location at 99 Brattle Street at which time the third story was added giving the roof a gambrel shape.
 The former US Post Office also known as the US Post Office/Federal Building is an historic redbrick post office building located at 430 South Spring Street in downtown Burlington North Carolina. Built in 1936 it was designed in a mixture of the Classical Revival and Moderne or Art Deco styles by architect R. Stanley Brown who worked under Louis A. Simon head of the Office of the Supervising Architect.In the building's lobby are two wall murals by WPA artist Arthur L.
 Vancroft also known as Mt. St. George Historic District is a historic home and national historic district located near Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It encompasses 10 contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing object associated with the manor house. The manor house was designed by Alden & Harlow in 1901 for steel magnate Joseph B. Vandergrift. It is a Shingle Style dwelling with broad gable roofs a rough stone turret and stone chimney.
 The National Sports Museum is a museum dedicated to Australian sport and is located within the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne Australia. There are exhibits for sports such as Australian rules football cricket the Summer and Winter Olympic Games tennis rugby league rugby union soccer basketball boxing and netball.
 The Abyssinian Meeting House is a historic house built by free African-Americans in Portland Maine at 73–75 Newbury Street in the Munjoy Hill and downtown neighborhoods. Throughout the years the Abyssinian was a place for worship and revivals abolition and temperance meetings speakers and concerts the Female Benevolent Society the Portland Union Anti-Slavery Society and negro conventions and the black school in Portland from the mid-1840s through the mid-1850s.
 The Redick Tower operated since 2011 as Hotel Deco XV is an eleven-story building located at 1504 Harney Street in Omaha Nebraska. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The building was designed in the Art Deco style by Omaha architect Joseph G. McArthur. It was named after the Redick family who had been among Omaha's pioneer settlers arriving in 1856 and who had owned the land on which the building was constructed.
 Brekken Church (Norwegian: Brekken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Brekken. The church was built in 1878 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan and it was consecrated on 17 July 1878 by the Bishop Andreas Grimelund. The building can hold about 200 people.The church is part of the Brekken parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Hawkshead is located in the village of Hawkshead Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of four local parishes to form the Benefice of Hawkshead with Low Wray and Sawrey and Rusland and Satterthwaite. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Liendo Plantation is an historic cotton plantation in Waller County Texas United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 21 1971.In 1936 Liendo was designated Recorded Texas Historic Landmark number 9396. In 1964 RTHL number 9395 was placed on the property.
 Pitareti Monastery (Georgian: ფიტარეთი მონასტერი) is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery in Georgia approximately 26 km southwest of the town of Tetritsq'aro Kvemo Kartli southwest of the nation’s capital Tbilisi.The Pitareti monastery consists of the Theotokos church a belfry the ruined wall and several smaller accessory buildings. The main church appears to have been built in the reign of George IV early in the 13th century.
 Redland Hospital is a public hospital located in Redland City Queensland Australia. Its address is Weippin Street Cleveland QLD 4163. The hospital provides emergency general medical surgical and obstetric services.
 Collier Heights commonly referred to as The Historic Collier is a neighborhood in the City of Atlanta Georgia nestled in the southwest corner of Atlanta. Collier Heights is bordered to the west by Fairburn Road the east by Hamilton E. Holmes Drive the north by Donald L. Hollowell Highway and to the south by Interstate 20 bridge at Linkwood Road.
 The former Masonic Temple at 1-5 Church Street at Pearl Street in Burlington Vermont was built in 1897-98 to be the state headquarters of the Grand Lodge of Vermont Free and Accepted Masons. It was designed by John McArthur Harris of the noted Philadelphia firm of Wilson Bros. & Company in the Richardson Romanesque style.The building features a steep slate pyramid roof intersected in the middle of each side by a gable.
 Phra That Choeng Chum (Thai:พระธาตุเชิงชุม) a major and sacred religious monument of Sakon Nakhon Province is enshrined at Wat Phra That Choeng Chum in town. Of rectangular shape it is made of mortar and bricks with a height of 24 meters.
 St Peter's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican parish church dedicated to Saint Peter in Ropsley Lincolnshire England. The church is situated 5 miles (8 km) east from Grantham and in the South Kesteven Lincolnshire Vales. St Peter's is in the ecclesiastical parish of Ropsley and is part of the North Beltisloe Group of churches in the Deanery of Beltisloe and the Diocese of Lincoln.
 The Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum is an art museum located on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis within the university's Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts. It was founded in 1881 as the St. Louis School and Museum of Fine Arts and initially located in a building in downtown St. Louis. It is the oldest art museum west of the Mississippi River. Its collection was formed in large part by acquiring significant works by artists of the time a legacy that continues today.
 Museo di Capodimonte is located in the Palace of Capodimonte a grand Bourbon palazzo in Naples Italy. The museum is the prime repository of Neapolitan painting and decorative art with several important works from other Italian schools of painting and some important ancient Roman sculptures.
 The Pueblo Arcade is a historic building in Vero Beach Florida. Located at 2044 14th Street the Pueblo Arcade was built in the Mission/Spanish Revival style in 1926 by local contractors Blackford and Davis. This structure was very popular among the citizens of Vero Beach due to its ingenious design prior to the introduction of Air Conditioning. It consisted of arcades with shop doorways opening onto a single hallway which opened to the street.
 The R. J. Hill Building is a historic commercial building in the small city of Palacios Texas which is located on the Gulf coast of Texas. The building was built in 1910 out of cast concrete blocks that were manufactured at the site at a time that the town was being promoted as a seaside resort.It is a concrete two story commercial structure with Richardsonian Romanesque elements. In 2009 it was slated for use as a museum by the Palacios Area Historical Association.
 The Wisconsin Center (formerly Midwest Airlines Center Midwest Express Center Frontier Airlines Center and Delta Center) is a convention and exhibition center located in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. The center is part of a greater complex of buildings which includes the U.S. Cellular Arena and the Milwaukee Theatre and was a replacement for the former Great Hall portion of the MECCA (Milwaukee Exposition Convention Center and Arena) complex.
 The house nicknamed Idle Hours was built in 1903 by architect Frank T. Smith for L.P. Ogden and his wife Cynthia. Because the house was considered to be out in the country at the time of its construction Mrs. Ogden preferred to retain her town home and named her new country estate Idle Hours.
 The Royal Columbian Hospital (RCH) is the oldest hospital in the Canadian province of British Columbia and one of the busiest in the Fraser Health Authority. RCH is located in the city of New Westminster overlooking the Fraser River and is the only hospital in the Lower Mainland that is immediately adjacent to a Skytrain station (Sapperton).
 W.D. Petersen Memorial Music Pavilion is located on Beiderbecke Drive in LeClaire Park Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993. It is commonly referred to as the LeClaire Park Bandshell.
 New Century Clubhouse also known as Square House is a historic clubhouse for a local women's club located in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1914 and is a two-story T-shaped stuccoed building with flanking one-story wings in the Colonial Revival style. It sits on a raised basement and has a hipped roof. The front entrance features a porch with Doric order columns. The five bay rear wing houses an auditorium with stage and dressing rooms.
 Belcoville Post Office is located in the Belcoville section of Weymouth Township Atlantic County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14 2008.
 The Brinkerhoff House is located in Wood-Ridge Bergen County New Jersey United States. The building was originally constructed in 1792 by George Brinkerhoff. In the 1870s the house was remodeled by Henry E. Brinkerhoff. The house was renovated and turned into the Wood-Ridge Memorial Library in 1954. The house was renovated again and expanded in 2000. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1984.
 Ismet Baba Fish Restaurant is a well-known seafood restaurant located in the Kuzguncuk neighborhood of Uskudar district in Istanbul Turkey. The restaurant was established in 1951 by Mehmet İsmet Dökmecier aka Ismet Baba.
 Grand Forks City Hall is a building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was built in 1911.It was designed by Grand Forks architect John W. Ross and was built by Northern Construction & Engineering.In a 1981 survey of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources it was stated this building is pure Beaux Arts.
 The Dallas Arboretum and Botanical Garden is a 66-acre (267000 m²) botanical garden located at 8617 Garland Road in east Dallas Texas (USA) on the southeastern shore of White Rock Lake.The arboretum is a series of gardens and fountains with a view of the lake and the downtown Dallas skyline. The majority of the grounds were once part of a 44-acre (18 ha) estate known as Rancho Encinal built for geophysicist Everette Lee DeGolyer and his wife Nell. Mrs.
 The Belcher's (Chinese: 寶翠園) is a high-rise residential development situated in the Western Shek Tong Tsui area of Hong Kong Island. It consists of six residential buildings which were constructed in two phases; three buildings were constructed in each phase. Construction for the first phase was completed in 2000 and in 2001 for the second phase. The building was named after Sir Edward Belcher a British naval officer and explorer after whom a street and a bay in the area are also named.
 The Carroll House Hotel on Monroe St. in Fullerton North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Eastern Michigan University Historic District is an area of land on the very south end of the Eastern Michigan University campus. Eastern Michigan University is a comprehensive co-educational public university located in Ypsilanti Michigan in Washtenaw County. The university was founded in 1849 as Michigan State Normal School. Several buildings since its founding have achieved historical significance and eventually establishing it on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Rumsey Hall also known as the Entler Hotel is an historic building in Shepherdstown West Virginia. The building is located in the center of the Shepherdstown Historic District and is a composite of six separate phases of construction. The earliest portion was built in 1786 and was the home belonging to Christian Cookus. This section burned in 1912. This section was separated by a narrow passage from the core of the hotel property first started in the 1790s by owner Daniel Bedinger.
 The Adsit Log Cabin in Willsboro New York was built by Samuel Adsit in 1778 and is believed to be one of the oldest log cabins in the United States that still exists in its original location. Adsit was an American Revolutionary War veteran and he built the cabin for his family of sixteen when he moved to Willsboro Point following the war.
 Faulx-les-Tombes Castle (French: Château de Faulx-les-Tombes) is a 19th-century château in Faulx-les-Tombes in the municipality of Gesves province of Namur Belgium.The first castle on the site was built in the 13th century and was a dependency of the County of Namur. In about 1340 it passed into the ownership of the Marbaix family. After several further changes in ownership it became the property of the Corswaren family in 1665 and remained theirs until the French Revolution.
 Featherston House is located at 22 The Boulevard Ivanhoe Victoria. It was designed by leading Australian architect Robin Boyd of Romberg & Boyd in 1967. The house was completed in 1969.
 Langfjord Church (Norwegian: Langfjord kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the just outside the village of Langfjordbotn. The church is part of the Talvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was completed in 1891 and it was consecrated on 20 August 1891 by the Bishop Johannes Skaar. The church seats about 250 people.
 New York Methodist Hospital (NYM) is a hospital located in the historic brownstone neighborhood of Park Slope in Brooklyn New York between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on Sixth Street. The hospital is a 651-bed voluntary non-profit hospital and serves almost 38000 inpatients each year. Another 250000 outpatient visits and services are logged annually.
 Leuralla is a historic house in Leura a suburb in the City of Blue Mountains local government area 109 km west of Sydney in New South Wales Australia. The property is now the home of the Leuralla Toy & Railway Museum.
 The Iwate Museum of Art (岩手県立美術館 Iwate Kenritsu Bijutsukan) is an art museum in Morioka Japan. It was opened in 2001.The museum has a permanent exhibition of works by local Iwate Prefecture artists Tetsugoro Yorozu Shunsuke Matsumoto and Yasutake Funakoshi and houses temporary exhibitions on both Japanese and foreign themes.
 Seaview Hospital was a historic tuberculosis sanatorium now a national historic district located at Willowbrook on Staten Island New York. The complex was planned and built between 1905 and 1938 and was the largest and most costly municipal facility for the treatment of tuberculosis of its date in the United States.
 The Escanaba Public Library is a Carnegie library located at 201 South Seventh Street in Escanaba Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976.
 John Muir Branch Library is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library. It was built in 1930 based on a design by architect Henry F. Withey.In 1987 the Muir Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission. The application noted that the branch libraries had been constructed in a variety of period revival styles to house the initial branch library system of the City of Los Angeles.
 Camp Nichols also known as Fort Nichols or Camp Nichols Ranch was a historic fortification located in present-day Cimarron County Oklahoma. It was built by New Mexico and California volunteers under the command of Col. Kit Carson to protect travelers on the Cimarron Cut-off of the Santa Fe Trail from raids by the Kiowa and Comanche Indians.
 Beth Israel Congregation (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is an Orthodox synagogue located at 116 Centre Street in Kingston Ontario.It was designed by Joseph William Power architect in 1910. It is the oldest synagogue in Kingston.As of 2009 the rabbi was Daniel Elkin.
 Lenton Methodist Church is on Derby Road in Lenton Nottingham.
 The Former Sioux County Courthouse in Fort Yates North Dakota United States was built in 1922 by contractor Adam Ulrich Ostrum.
 Harbor House also known as the George C. Case Estate is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with two contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures. The estate house is a two story with full attic structure with a gambrel roof designed in 1910.
 The Frank Pisar Farmstead also known as Joseph Kastanek Farm is a house and a group of farm building in Dorchester Nebraska United States. The property was filed in 1872 by Frantisek Frank Pisar an immigrant from Bohemia. The farmstead was originally an 80-acre (32 ha) tract but was expanded in size to over 300 acres (120 ha) by 1885. A stone house was built in 1977 and a stone barn in 1888. The property also includes poultry sheds a hog house a corncrib and a privy.
 The Dalian International Trade Center (simplified Chinese: 大连国际贸易中心; traditional Chinese: 大連國際貿易中心; pinyin: Dàlián Guójì Màoyì Zhōngxīn) is a supertall skyscraper designed by architecture firm HOK and currently under construction in Dalian China.Once completed the building will have a total height of 420 m (1380 ft) with 108 stories and a floor area of 288566 square metres (3106100 sq ft). Construction began in 2003.
 The Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar Literature Museum Library (Turkish: Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar Edebiyat Müze Kütüphanesi) is a literary museum and archive dedicated to Turkish literature and named after the Turkish novelist and essayist Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar (1901–1962).
 The Connecticut River Museum is a U.S. educational and cultural institution based at Steamboat Dock in Essex Connecticut that focuses on the marine environment and maritime heritage of the Connecticut River Valley.The three-story Connecticut River Museum is located in a restored 1878 steamboat warehouse. The museum opened to the public in 1975 with Connecticut Governor Ella Grasso as its first paid member and ex officio patron.
 The Leaning Tower of Pisa (Italian: Torre pendente di Pisa) or simply the Tower of Pisa (Torre di Pisa) is the campanile or freestanding bell tower of the cathedral of the Italian city of Pisa known worldwide for its unintended tilt to one side. It is situated behind the Cathedral and is the third oldest structure in Pisa's Cathedral Square (Piazza del Duomo) after the Cathedral and the Baptistry.
 The Ericsburg in the village of the same name in the borough of Dassel in Lower Saxony Germany is a castle that was built in the 16th century within the Principality of Calenberg. It is currently (2007) in a poor state of repair.
 The Lovell General Hospital North is a former hospital at Fort Devens. It was named after the first Surgeon General of the United States Army Joseph Lovell.
 The Oregon Convention Center is a convention center in Portland Oregon. Opened in 1990 it located on the east side of the Willamette River in the Lloyd District neighborhood. It is best known for the twin spire towers which provide light into the building's interior and for housing the world's largest Foucault Pendulum.
 The Kazimierz Palace (Polish: Pałac Kazimierzowski) is a building in Warsaw Poland adjacent to the Royal Route at Krakowskie Przedmieście 26/28.Originally built in 1637-41 it was rebuilt in 1660 for King John II Casimir (Polish: Jan II Kazimierz Waza from whom it takes its name) and again in 1765-68 by Domenico Merlini for the Corps of Cadets established by King Stanisław August Poniatowski.Since 1816 the Kazimierz Palace has served intermittently as the seat of Warsaw University (which was closed by the Russian Imperial authorities after each Uprising on the part of their Polish subjects and in 1939-44 by the Germans.
 Kunsthalle Tübingen is the most famous art museum of the university town of Tübingen Baden-Württemberg Germany.It was founded (and the erection of its building financed) in 1971 by Paula Zundel and Dr.
 Harder Hall is a historic hotel in Sebring Florida. It is located on Little Lake Jackson at 3300 Golfview Drive. On June 20 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Szkieletor (Skeletor) is the unofficial name of a 92 metre high-rise building in Kraków Poland originally intended to become the regional office of the Main Technical Organization (Naczelna Organizacja Techniczna NOT) and be named the NOT Tower. The construction of the building was started in 1975 but was stopped permanently in 1981 because of economic constraints political unrest and the imposition of martial law in Poland.
 St Mary's Church Eastham is in the town of Eastham Wirral Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South.
 Providence Willamette Falls Medical Center (Willamette Falls) is a not-for-profit acute care hospital operated by Providence Health & Services in Oregon City Oregon United States. Established in 1954 as Doctors' Hospital the hospital moved to its current location in 1961 and has 143 licensed beds at its 243000-square-foot (22600 m2) facility. Willamette Falls also operates several medical offices and clinics outside of Oregon City in other parts of Clackamas County.
 St. Mary Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Ware Massachusetts United States.Founded 1905 it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
 The Community Building' (also known as Community Hall Boll's Store or Boll's Community Center) is a building in Princeton Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It originally housed a store that was started by Henry (Heinie) Boll in 1922 and was operated by Boll and his son until 1997.
 The Anvil Lake Campground Shelter is located in Eagle River Wisconsin. It was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps of the New Deal and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Fresvik Church (Norwegian: Fresvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Fresvik along the southern shore of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Fresvik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 200 seats was consecrated on 29 June 1881 by the local Dean Jacob Edward Smith. The architect Johannes Henrik Nissen made the designs for the building.
 The Sanford F. Conley House in Columbia Missouri is an ornate eighteenth century residence in the Italianate architectural style. Built in 1868 as a residence for the Conley family the house was near the University of Missouri campus. After being added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 the house was purchased by the university and houses the school's excellence in teaching program.
 The Illinois National Guard Armory in Rockford Illinois Winnebago County is located at 605 Main St. and served as the headquarters for Illinois National Guard units of various designations for nearly 60 years. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Shardeloes is a large 18th-century country house located one mile west of Amersham in Buckinghamshire United Kingdom (grid reference SU937978). A previous manor house on the site was demolished and the present building constructed between 1758 and 1766 for William Drake Sr the Member of Parliament for Amersham.
 St Mary's Church Handsworth also known as Handsworth Old Church is an Anglican church in Handsworth Birmingham England. Its ten-acre (4 hectare) grounds are contiguous with Handsworth Park and it is just off the Birmingham Outer Circle and south of a cutting housing the site of the former Handsworth Wood railway station. It is noteworthy as the resting place of famous progenitors of the industrial age and has been described as the cathedral of the Industrial Revolution.
 St Michael's Church Cowthorpe is a redundant church in the village of Cowthorpe North Yorkshire England). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Peters Cartridge Company was a company in Kings Mills Ohio that specialized in gunpowder and ammunition production. Its historic buildings built in 1916 at 1915 Grandin Road were added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 10 1985.[citation needed]The site was listed as a Superfund National Priorities List site by the Environmental Protection Agency in April 2012 for copper lead and mercury soil contamination.
 The Hotel National Moscow (Russian: гости́ница «Националь») is a five-star hotel in Moscow Russia opened in 1903. It has 202 bedrooms and 56 suites and is located on Manege Square directly across from The Kremlin. The hotel is managed by The Luxury Collection a division of Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
 Chippiannock Cemetery is a cemetery located on 12th Street and 31st Avenue in Rock Island Illinois. The word “Chippiannock” is a Native American term which means “place of the dead”.
 The BT Tower (formerly known as the Post Office Tower and before that the GPO Tower) is a landmark in Birmingham England and is also the tallest structure in the city. Its Post Office code was YBMR.
 The Hamilton-Brown Shoe Factory was the first large scale industrial operation in Columbia Missouri. It was built in 1906 by the Brown Shoe Company the largest shoe manufacture in the world at the time. It was the first plant built outside of St. Louis and was operational from 1907-1939/ The building today has been converted into offices.The company was a large manufacturer of men's women's and children's shoes.
 The Three Chopt Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Richmond Virginia. The district encompasses 90 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites and 4 contributing structures located west of downtown Richmond.
 Brook Farm overlooks Skaneateles Lake and was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It includes Colonial Revival style architecture.
 St Aldhelm's Chapel is a Norman chapel on St Aldhelm's Head in the parish of Worth Matravers Swanage Dorset. The square stone chapel stands within a low circular earthwork which may be the remains of a pre-Conquest Christian enclosure. The building has several architectural features which are unusual for a chapel; the square shape the orientation of the corners of the building towards the cardinal points and the division and restriction of the interior space by a large central column.
 Europa Group Towers is a future residential project in Bucharest.Having the entire built surface of 55000 square meters in a very special relaxant silent zone in south-west part of Bucharest nearby Morii Lake just 5 km from Unirii Square and with easy access to northern areas of the city those two sky line buildings are to become conspicuous on Romanian Real Estate Market by its outstanding appearance as well as by its special endowments and facilities.Due to the project position and the way it has been conceived Europa Group Towers has not only the capacity to shelter numerous luxury apartments commercial spaces parking an extraordinary green area but also a very special sight.
 Fort Mackinac is a former American military outpost garrisoned from the late 18th century to the late 19th century near Michilimackinac Michigan on Mackinac Island. The British built the fort during the American Revolutionary War to control the strategic Straits of Mackinac between Lake Michigan and Lake Huron (and by extension the fur trade on the Great Lakes) and did not relinquish it until fifteen years after American independence.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Sandbach Heath is in Sandbach Heath about 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Sandbach Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Congleton the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church Wheelock and St Philip Hassall Green. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Peter's Church Swettenham is in the village of Swettenham Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton. Its benefice is combined with that of St Luke Goostrey.
 Limbe Provincial Hospital (also Limbe Regional Hospital and Mile 1 Hospital) is a 200-bed hospital in the Southwest Province of Cameroon and is the principal referral hospital for the region.
 The Mann Gulch fire was a wildfire reported on August 5 1949 in a gulch located along the upper Missouri River in the Gates of the Mountains Wilderness Helena National Forest in the state of Montana in the United States. A team of 15 smokejumpers parachuted into the area on the afternoon of August 5 1949 to fight the fire rendezvousing with a former smokejumper who was employed as a fire guard at the nearby campground.
 The Plagmann Round Barn is an historical structure located near Conroy in rural Iowa County Iowa. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 100 feet (30.5 m) around. It is constructed of clay tile and features an aerator a two-pitch roof and a 16 foot (4.9 m) central silo.
 The Hargeisa Provincial Museum (HPM) was established in 1977 in Hargeisa situated in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed province in Somalia. It was the first museum to be established in the country since independence in 1960.
 The Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad Pakistan 250 kilometers south of the Capital Islamabad.
 St Chad's Church Wybunbury was an Anglican church in the village of Wybunbury Cheshire England. The body of the church has been demolished but the tower still stands. The tower is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The site of the church is a Scheduled Monument.
 Kensington Gardens Apartment Complex is a historic apartment complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built in 1941-1942 and is a multi-unit apartment complex containing a total of 280 one- two- and three-bedroom apartments in a variety of detached and semi-attached buildings in the Colonial Revival style. The 59 contributing buildings are grouped around grassed courts. There are 10 court areas created on the site and three building types within courts.
 Mott Mill is a historic cotton mill and silk mill located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. The property includes an 1852 stone mill building with a reinforced concrete addition dated to 1906. The rectangular mill building is a four story three bay utilitarian gray fieldstone structure with segmented arched windows. The reinforced concrete addition is four stories high and measures 237 feet wide and 73 feet deep.
 Convento das Mónicas or Monica's convent was an Augustinian nunnery founded in Lisbon in 1586 to the religious order of Saint Augustine and named after his mother Saint Monica.The convent was partially destroyed by the 1755 earthquake. After being rebuilt it continued to serve its function as a convent until being dissolved in 1834 by the abolishing of the monastic orders. In 1917 the building was converted to a female prison that was in use until 1989 when the structure was dismantled.
 The Central Area Transmission System (also known as CATS pipeline) is a natural gas transportation system from the Central North Sea to Teesside in England.
 The Gate of Europe towers (Spanish: Puerta de Europa) also known as KIO Towers (Torres KIO) are twin office buildings in Madrid Spain. The towers have a height of 114 m (374 ft) and have 26 floors. They were constructed from 1989 to 1996.
 John B. Good House is a historic home located at Bowmansville Brecknock Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1847 and is a 2 1/2-story sandstone building with a gable roof and full-width front porch. The house measures 36 feet by 30 feet. The property includes the remains of demolished outbuildings including a summer kitchen barn large drive-in scales and corn crib.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Shalom Meir Tower (Hebrew: מגדל שלום מאיר‎ Migdal Shalom Meir; commonly known as Migdal Shalom Hebrew: מגדל שלום‎) is an office tower in Tel Aviv Israel. It was Israel's first skyscraper. When its construction was completed in 1965 it was the tallest building in the Middle East and rivaled the tallest buildings in Europe in height.
 The Harland Sanders Café is a historic restaurant located in North Corbin Kentucky. Colonel Harland Sanders the founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken operated the restaurant from 1940-1956. Sanders also developed the famous KFC secret recipe at the café during the 1940s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 7 1990.
 The Château d'Arques-la-Bataille is a castle in the commune of Arques-la-Bataille in the Seine-Maritime département of France.The castle is owned by the state. It has been listed since 1875 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 SM City Sucat (formerly SM Supercenter Sucat) is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings. It is located along Dr. Santos Avenue corner Carlos P. Garcia Avenue Extension (C-5 Road) Brgy. San Dionisio Parañaque City Metro Manila. It is the first SM Supermall in the city of Parañaque and the 2nd SM Supermall in the southern region of Metro Manila . The mall now has two buildings connected by a lengthy footbridge that crosses over the C-5 Road.
 The Enoch Kelsey House is a historic home in Newington Connecticut.
 Pleasant Hill is a historic home located near Pomfret Charles County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay Tidewater house constructed between 1761 and 1848. The house illustrates the characteristic pattern of homes from small one- and two-room 18th-century dwellings into the larger houses that survive today.Pleasant Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Third Presbyterian Church is a historic former Presbyterian church building in Springfield Ohio United States. A Romanesque Revival building completed in 1894 along Limestone Street on the city's northern side Third Presbyterian is one of the final buildings designed by prominent Springfield architect Charles A. Cregar.
 The McGill Drug Store Museum is a former drug store in McGill Nevada. It operated from 1915 to 1979. The store closed when the nearby Kennecott Copper mine closed down with its entire inventory intact including prescription medication. It has been re-opened as a museum with more than 30000 items as well as prescription records extending back to 1915. The museum is a resource for investigators of retailing and historical pharmacy practices.
 Israel Putnam Wolf Den is a historic site off Wolf Den Road in Pomfret Connecticut. At this location in 1742 Israel Putnam shot and killed Connecticut's last known wolf. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.Today the Wolf Den is part of Mashamoquet Brook State Park a 900-acre (360 ha) Connecticut state park with two campgrounds hiking fishing swimming and picnicking.
 The church of Sant'Egidio is located in the historic center of Mantua on Via Pietro Frattini. A church was located on the site likely by the 9th century but is documented from the yer 1151 in a bull by Pope Eugenius III . In 1540 the chapel of the Valenti was built commissioned by the last will of Valente Valenti courtier in the Gonzaga Duchy. Beginning in 1721 the church underwent a major reconstruction and the present facade dates to that time.
 Penally Abbey is an old rectory now the Penally Abbey Country House Hotel and Restaurant overlooking Carmarthen Bay in the village of Penally about 1.5 miles from Tenby Pembrokeshire Wales. It is an AA 3-star hotel located off the A4139 road. It was once owned by the Jameson family of Irish whiskey brewers but was purchased in 1985 by Berkshire natives Steve and Eileen Warren.
 Grace Episcopal Church built in 1963 is located at 16th and McClellan in Huron South Dakota. The previous historic stone church building at 4th and Kansas Street SE was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 19 1989.
 Carolands Chateau is a 67066 square foot (6000 m²)[citation needed]; 4.5 floor 98 room mansion on 5.83 acres in Hillsborough California. Considered a masterpiece of American Renaissance and Beaux-Arts design the building is a California Historical Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Commercial Union Assurance Building is a 94 m (308 ft) 16-story office building located in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The building was completed in 1921 and is the same height of the San Francisco City Hall. The much taller 555 California Street is to the west of this Renaissance Revival styled building.
 Jager Stores is a heritage-listed building on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. It was originally built as an Oddfellows Hall.It was built in 1897 when the pensioner guard cottage occupying the site was demolished and a hall was built for the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows. At the time the Oddfellows Hall had attracted many members partly due to the benefits available at times of sickness and misfortune.
 The U.S. Post Office in Rhinebeck New York serves the 12572 ZIP Code. It is located on Mill Street (US 9) just south of the intersection with NY 308 at the center of the village.It is a stone Colonial Revival structure built in 1940 during the New Deal. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt a native of nearby Hyde Park took a personal interest in its design as he did with other post offices in Dutchess County built during his administration.
 Parkhali (Georgian: პარხალი) also known in Turkish as Barhal or Altıparmak is a village that contains a medieval Georgian monastery and cathedral church. It is located near the town of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey.
 Gladden Farm also known as Gladden-Roming Stone House is a historic home and farm complex located at Street Harford County Maryland. It contains three historically significant structures: a large five-bay rubblestone bank house with Federal detailing a one-story rubblestone spring house and a one-story board-and-batten frame shop. The first two structures probably date to about 1820 the latter from the mid 19th century.
 Christ Church Deer Park is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada in the Diocese of Toronto. Originally a mission of the parish of St. John's York Mills it was one of the earliest Anglican churches in North Toronto. While the mission congregation began meeting in Leaside in the 1860s it later moved to the area of Deer Park. Today the parish is known largely for its tradition of choral music.
 The Deutschheim State Historic Site is located in Hermann Missouri United States. The 69-acre (0.28 km2) historic site was acquired by the state in 1978. It includes a number of historic houses and other structures such as a barn and winery built and used by German immigrants in the middle 19th century.
 The Bryce Canyon Lodge Historic District surrounds and includes the Bryce Canyon Lodge in Bryce Canyon National Park as well as the survivors of a large complex of buildings that comprised the core of the park's visitor services area in the 1930s.
 Edifici Colón (also Torre Maritima) is a skyscraper in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Has 110 meters and 28 floors. Lies on district of Ciutat Vella Avinguda de les Drassanes. It was the first skyscraper above 100 metres built in Barcelona.
 Col. David Hall House is a historic home located at Lewes Sussex County Delaware. The main house dates to about 1780 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay frame structure. A lower 2 1/2-story wing was added about 1805. The main house is sheathed in its original cypress shingles and the wing in cedar shakes. It was the home of Colonel David Hall (1752-1817) who served as Governor of Delaware.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 All Saints Catholic Church is an historic church at 201 East 10th Street in the historic Heights area of Houston Texas. The parish is a part of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston.The Romanesque Revival-style church building was constructed in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It contains beautiful Italian stained glass windows. In 2013 iconographer Br.
 William Everhart House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1810 and is a two-story five bay brick Federal style dwelling with a gable roof. It measures 50 feet by 21 feet and features two entrances one with a fanlight. It was the home of Congressman William Everhart (1785-1868) who also built the William Everhart Buildings in West Chester.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The U.S. Post Office also known as the Berkeley Main Post Office has been described as a free adaptation of Brunelleschi's Foundling Hospital. Designed in the Second Renaissance Revival style the front of the building features terra cotta arches supported by plain tuscan columns.
 The Eleazer Arnold House is a historic house built for Eleazor Arnold in about 1693 and located at 487 Great Road Lincoln Rhode Island in the Great Road Historic District. It is now a National Historic Landmark owned by Historic New England and open to public two afternoons per year.The house is a relatively large stone-ender a building type brought from the western part of England and used most commonly in northern Rhode Island.
 St Nicholas Acons was an Anglican parish church dating back to the 9th century(Youngs1979) and situated in Nicholas Lane(Hallows1954) within the City of London which was destroyed during the Great Fire of London and not rebuilt(Reynolds1922). Its parish book however did survive and records that a foundling discovered in 1539 was named Nicholas Acons(Brigg1890) the name itself stemming from a mediaeval benefactor(Stow1890).
 Rose Hill Plantation House is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located on US 278 in Bluffton South Carolina. It was begun in 1858 for Dr. John Kirk and Caroline Kerk his wife but construction was interrupted by the Civil War and not resumed until after World War II when it was renovated and finished by architect Willis Irvin for John Sturgeon and Florence Sturgeon his wife. On May 19 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The U.S. Army Transportation Museum is a United States Army museum of vehicles and other transportation-related equipment and memorabilia. It is located on the grounds of Fort Eustis Virginia in Newport News on the Virginia Peninsula.
 Eyebeam Art + Technology Center (Eyebeam) is a not-for-profit art and technology center in New York City. The organization's stated purpose is to promote the creative use of new technologies by providing a collaborative environment for research and experimentation at the intersection of art technology and culture. Eyebeam was founded by John S. Johnson III with co-founders David S. Johnson and Roderic R.
 The St. George Opera House also known as the St. George Social Hall is a historic building in St. George Utah. It was originally built by the St. George Gardeners' Club as a wine cellar. As wine demand decreased the building was expanded to host theatrical productions. It operated in this capacity until sold to the Utah-Idaho Sugar Company in 1936. It was restored to an opera house in 1988 and is again open to the public.
 The University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (German: Universitätsklinikum Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE)) is the teaching hospital of the University of Hamburg and one of the largest hospitals in Hamburg Germany.The UKE has 1460 beds and 121 day-care places and is listed to provide the capacity to dispatch emergency medical services.
 The Chatillon-DeMenil House located at 3325 DeMenil Place in Benton Park St. Louis Missouri was begun in 1848 for the pioneer Henry Chatillon then enlarged to its present form by prominent St. Louis businessman Nicolas DeMenil from 1855 to 1863. The house serves as a house museum and according to its nomination to the National Register of Historic Places described as being the finest example of Greek Revival architecture in the Midwest.
 Compass Point (Chinese: 勘宝坊) is a suburban shopping mall located in the town centre of Sengkang New Town Singapore.
 Fountain Creek Bridge is a limestone arch bridge which crosses Fountain Creek near Waterloo in Monroe County Illinois USA. The bridge was constructed in 1849 and served as a road bridge until the 1920s when Illinois Route 156 opened on a new bridge. During the nineteenth century stone arch bridges were commonly built in regions with stone quarries such as Monroe County; roughly 100 stone bridges were built in the county.
 The Beate Uhse Erotic Museum (German: Beate Uhse Erotik-Museum) is a sex museum in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin Germany.It was opened in 1996 near Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station by Beate Uhse the early stunt pilot and entrepreneur who in 1962 started the world's first sex shop. The exhibition features historic Asian and European erotic art including several lithographies by Heinrich Zille as well as early pornographic films.
 Samuel Mickle House also known as the Hip Roof House is located in Haddonfield Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1736 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21 1975.
 The Davenport Water Co. Pumping Station No. 2 is located in central Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. It is also known as the Ripley Street Pumping Station No. 2.
 Sherwood Mall is one of two shopping malls in Stockton California. It is next to Weberstown Mall. Opened in 1979 it features Macy's Best Buy Petco Ulta and HomeGoods with one vacant anchor formerly occupied by Gottschalks. It is managed by Stone Brothers.
 The Presentation of Our Lord Chapel is a historic chapel in Nikolai Alaska. The church parish is believed to have been started long before 1915 in the Old Nikolai area and moved because of flooding of the old area.It was built in 1929 as a replacement to a log building that had been constructed on the site in 1915.
 HMP Bristol (previously known as Horfield Prison) is a Category B men's prison located in the Horfield area of Bristol. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Murray Hill is a historic home located at Delhi in Delaware County New York United States. It was built in 1867 and is a frame building with an irregular plan in the Italian Villa style. It consists of a two-story ell-shaped main block with lower wings extending from the south side and rear. It features a three-story tower above the main entrance with a one-story porch extending across the front.
 The Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens is a center for Japanese arts and culture located west of Delray Beach in Palm Beach County Florida United States. The campus includes two museum buildings the Roji-en Japanese Gardens: Garden of the Drops of Dew a bonsai garden a museum gift shop and the Cornell Cafe restaurant which has been featured on the Food Network.
 The Burkittsville Historic District comprises the small town of Burkittsville Maryland. Located at a crossroads in western Frederick County the town is a consistent collection of early 19th-century Federal style houses mixed with a few Victorian style houses that has remained virtually unchanged since 1900.
 Orange Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Orange Park Florida United States. It features Dillard's JCPenney Sears Belk Dick's Sporting Goods and AMC Theaters as anchor stores.
 Nahant Beach Boulevard also Nahant Causeway and Nahant Road is a historic road on the isthmus connecting Nahant Massachusetts to the mainland at Lynn Massachusetts. The road runs from the Lynn Rotary its junction with Lynn Shore Drive and the Lynnway about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to Wilson Road in Nahant. It passes through Nahant Beach Reservation a state park offering beach access on the isthmus. The road offers expansive views of the area coastlines and Boston Harbor.
 Hamilton County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse complex located at Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County New York. The complex consists of three buildings: an 1848 Greek Revival style stone jail with 1940 stone addition the 1929 brick courthouse and county clerk's office building also built in 1929. The Colonial Revival style buildings replaced the original 1843 wood frame courthouse and clerk's office.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The White Mosque (Arabic: المسجد الأبيض‎ a-Masjid al-Abyad Hebrew: המסגד הלבן‎ haMisgad haLavan) is an ancient Ummayad mosque in the city of Ramla Israel. Only the minaret is still standing. According to local Islamic tradition the northwest section of the mosque contained the shrine of a famous Islamic saint Nabi Salih.
 The Parker House is an historic house at 316 Haven Street in Reading Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved Queen Anne/Stick style cottage with unusual high style features for a relatively modest house size. Its front gable end is embellished with Stick style woodwork resembling half-timbering and the wraparound porch is supported by basket-handle brackets.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Teeple Barn was a historic structure in Elgin Illinois. It was a sixteen-sided barn designed by W. Wright Abell for Lester Teeple a dairy farmer. In 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the only surviving sixteen-sided barn in Illinois. The barn was destroyed on May 27 2007 following a storm.
 Fort Harker located in Kanopolis Kansas was an active military installation of the United States Army from November 17 1866 to October 5 1872. The fortification was named after General Charles Garrison Harker who was killed in action at the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in the American Civil War. Fort Harker replaced Fort Ellsworth which had been located 1.6 km (0.99 mi) from the location of Fort Harker and was abandoned after the new fortifications at Fort Harker were constructed.
 Bellinger–Dutton House is a historic home located at Middleburgh in Schoharie County New York United States. It is a two-story heavy timber framed structure built in 1846 in the temple front Greek Revival style. It features a hipped roof and a massive Classical portico with four fluted Doric order columns. Also on the property are a frame carriage barn garden house / playhouse and square brick smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Charles Town Mining Manufacturing and Improvement Company Building in Ranson Jefferson County West Virginia is a Romanesque Revival building that now serves as Ranson's City Hall. It was built for the Charles Town Mining Manufacturing and Improvement Company (CMM&I) in 1891 as its headquarters. The CMM&I sought to develop industry in the area that in 1910 became the City of Ranson. The company was formed in 1890 by Roger Preston Chew Frank Beck Forrest W. Brown T.C. Green W.F.
 The William D. Fenton House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story single-family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Queen Anne style in 1892 it was added to the register in 1979.Notable features of the asymmetrical house include many porches and projections intricate decorative elements variegated siding a wrap-around veranda a flare-top chimney and a stained-glass side door.
 The Gate School is the historic former school in Gate Oklahoma. The yellow brick building was constructed by the Works Progress Administration from 1937 to 1938. The new school building replaced an existing school; due to budgetary constraints the WPA reused materials from the previous school in the new building.
 The Cass Farm MPS is a US multiple property submission to the National Register of Historic Places which was approved on December 1 1997. The structures included are all located in Midtown in the Cass Farm area in Detroit Michigan USA. The Cass Farm area is defined as occupying the space between Woodward Avenue on the east the Lodge Freeway on the west Warren Avenue on the north and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard on the south.
 Woodlands or the William Gilmore Simms Estate was the home of author William Gilmore Simms (1806-1870). It is known also as Woodlands Ruins. According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History it is a significant literary landmark. Simms who married into the family that owned it and then was given this estate observed “I am moving into an ancient dwelling largely fallen into disrepair. And further it was burned by Federal army stragglers in 1865.
 The Farmington Community Center in Farmington Washington (also known as City Hall) is a historic building constructed in 1908. It was originally built as a meeting hall for a local Masonic Lodge and was donated to the town in 1985. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 under the name Masonic Hall.
 The Lewis M. Fisher House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Evangelisch Lutheraner Dreieinigkeit Gemeinde or Evangelical Lutheran Trinity Church near New Leipzig North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2009. The church was founded by immigrants who were Germans from Russia. It has also been known as Trinity Heupel Church and as Heupel Church. The NRHP listing included one contributing building and one contributing object.It was built by Henry Bellman and others during 1902-1905 in Late Gothic Revival style.
 Miyazaki Prefectural Art Museum (宮崎県立美術館 Miyazaki Kenritsu Bijutsukan) was established in Miyazaki Japan in 1995. The collection focuses on artists from or associated with Miyazaki Prefecture and also includes works by Picasso Klee and Magritte.
 The St. Johns Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in St. Johns Portland Oregon. Operating at the same location since 1913 it underwent major renovation in 2000 to upgrade its infrastructure expand its floor area and increase its holding capacity to 25000 volumes. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The SunTrust Plaza is a 13-story building located next to the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville Tennessee. The building was completed in 2007 and features a Panera Bread restaurant and a fitness center.
 Mesa Mall is the Western Slope's largest indoor shopping centre serving western Colorado and eastern Utah and the largest regional shopping center between Salt Lake City Utah and Denver. Mesa Mall dominates a service area of over 250 miles (400 km) in any direction. Located in Grand Junction Colorado the mall is located on US highway 6 and US Highway 50 (along with I-70 Business Loop).
 The Allton Building is a historic building located at 160 E. Main St. in Jerome Idaho. The commercial building was constructed in 1909 for landlord Maurice J. Allton. The back and side walls of the building were built with lava rock and are considered a good extant example of the use of lava rock for construction.
 Hotel Wangchuck is a hotel in Thimphu Bhutan located in the heart of the city on the Chang Lam overlooking the Changlimithang Stadium. The hotel named after the Bhutanese king at the time Jigme Singye Wangchuck has 20 rooms and a restaurant serving a variety of cuisines.
 The Convent of São Gonçalo is a Baroque-era convent and church in the historical centre of the city of Angra civil parish of Sé municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the Azores.It is considered one of the oldest convents in the archipelago historically housing hundreds of Clarisse sisters and boasting a reputation for education and fine arts in the Azores that included classes in music choral design painting and the humanities.
 Baptist Hospital is a 492-bed health care facility in Pensacola Florida. It was the first to operate medical evacuations by helicopter in Florida. The hospital opened in 1951 and is the largest facility in the Baptist Health Care network.
 The Park Hyatt Toronto is a Hyatt hotel in the Yorkville area of Toronto Canada. Long the independent Park Plaza Hotel it is one of the most venerable hotels in the city. The hotel is located at the northwestern corner of Bloor Street and Avenue Road. The first known building on the site was a small wayside inn built in 1820 and named Tecumseh Wigwag. Then a considerable distance from the city it served travellers on their way north out of town.
 The Casa Consistorial De Mayaguez or as it is more commonly known Alcaldia de Mayagüez is the City Hall for the Municipality of Mayagüez. It is located in front of the Colón Main Square facing the Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria Cathedral.
 The Haida Heritage Centre is the premier cultural centre and museum of the Haida people. It is located in Skidegate a community on Graham Island in Haida Gwaii off the Pacific coast of British Columbia Canada. The centre is situated just south of the townsite at the site of an historical Haida Village at Kay Llnagaay (formerly spelled Kaay llnagaay or Qay’llnagaay and pronounced kie-il-na-guy which means Sea Lion Town).
 The Equitable Building is a 38-story office building in New York City located at 120 Broadway between Pine and Cedar Streets in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan. A landmark engineering achievement as a skyscraper it was designed by Ernest R. Graham – the successor to D. H.
 The Bowerman House (built in 1907) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Holiday Park neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The home is of a crafts-man “Western Stick” style. The house was built as a hunting lodge by Allan Bowerman graduate from Kingston Military College first postmaster in Saskatoon on the west side of the river and member of Saskatoon’s first town council (1903 – 1905).
 For the church with a similar dedication in Kendal see Church of Holy Trinity and St George Kendal.St George's Church Kendal is in Castle Street Kendal Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 The Church of Assumption of Mother of God Căuşeni (Romanian: Biserica Adormirea Maicii Domnului din Căuşeni) is a historical monument in Căuşeni Moldova.The church was painted in 1763 by Stanciul Radu şi Voicul.
 Franklin Furnace Historic District is a national historic district located in St. Thomas Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes five contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing site associated with a 19th-century iron furnace plantation. The buildings are the manager's house / office and four workers' houses. The structure is the furnace stack (1828). It measures 30 feet square at the base and approximately 30 feet tall.
 The Carnavalet Museum in Paris is dedicated to the history of the city. The museum occupies two neighboring mansions: the Hôtel Carnavalet and the former Hôtel Le Peletier de Saint Fargeau. On the advice of Baron Haussmann the civil servant who transformed Paris in the latter half of the 19th century the Hôtel Carnavalet was purchased by the Municipal Council of Paris in 1866; it was opened to the public in 1880. By the latter part of the 20th century the museum was bursting at the seams.
 Haring-Vervalen House is located in Norwood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1757 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Far Rockaway formerly known as the Russell Sage Memorial Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in the Far Rockaway neighborhood of Queens New York. It was commissioned by Olivia Slocum Sage as a memorial to her late husband Russell Sage (1816-1906) as they used to summer in the area.
 Cypress Avenue West Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 440 contributing buildings built between 1888 and 1906. They consist mainly of brick two and three story row houses with one apartment per floor and three story tenements with two apartments per floor. Also included in the district is Public School #81 St. John's Ridgewood United Methodist Church and a row of commercial buildings.
 Nedstryn Church (Norwegian: Nedstryn kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Nedstryn just west of the municipal centre of Stryn. The church is part of the Nedstryn parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1859 by the architect Ludolph Rolfsen using plans drawn by Hans Linstow. The church seats about 400 people. The church was consecrate on 6 November 1859.
 Northridge Fashion Center is a large shopping mall located in Northridge California. It opened in 1971. It was severely damaged during the Northridge earthquake in 1994 but renovated extensively in 1995 1998 and 2003. It is owned by General Growth Properties. The mall's anchor stores are J. C. Penney two Macy's locations Sears and a Pacific Theatres movie theater.
 Regina Coeli Monastery is an historic building located in Bettendorf Iowa United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1994. The building currently houses an addictions rehabilitation facility called The Abbey Center.The Discalced Carmelite nuns who built the building relocated to a new monastery in Eldridge Iowa in 1975. The monastery was originally established in Davenport Iowa by the Rt. Rev. James Davis of the Catholic Diocese of Davenport.
 Weidmann's Restaurant is a historic restaurant in Meridian Mississippi United States established in 1870. It was originally listed as a contributing property to the Meridian Urban Center Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The Urban Center Historic District was combined with the Meridian Depot Historic District in 2005 to become the Meridian Downtown Historic District.
 The Samuel F. Nixon Homestead' or simply the Nixon Homestead is a historic home located in the Village of Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. The original house was built in 1856 and subsequently expanded in about 1890 to its current size and style.A two-storey wood frame Queen Anne and Colonial Revival style dwelling it features a prominent Palladian window. The home's namesake was S.
 Mount Pleasant Towne Centre is an upscale shopping center located in Mount Pleasant South Carolina. The shopping center is home to over 65 national and local retail stores such as Men's Wearhouse Old Navy Gap Genealogy Boutique and Coldwater Creek. Mount Pleasant Towne Centre is located on Highway 17 North at the Isle of Palms Connector.The complex hosts an annual Fashion Camp where young fashionistas can learn about the clothing industry and visit stores in the area.
 Kilburn Priory was a small monastic community of nuns established around 1130–1134 three miles north-west of the medieval City of London where Watling Street (now Kilburn High Road) met the stream now known as the Westbourne but variously known as Cuneburna Keneburna Keeleburne Coldburne or Caleburn meaning either the royal or cow's stream.
 The Taipei Water Park (Chinese: 自來水園區; pinyin: Zìláishuǐ Yuánqū) is a water park in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan.
 The Bellevue Apartment Building is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Kamakura Museum of Literature (鎌倉文学館 Kamakura Bungakukan) is a small museum in Kamakura Kanagawa Japan that contains material about writers who have lived died or were active in the city of Kamakura itself. The museum displays personal effects manuscripts first editions and documents owned by well over a hundred writers of Japanese literature including Soseki Natsume and Kawabata Yasunari as well as film director Yasujiro Ozu.
 Westmorland General Hospital is a hospital near Oxenholme in Kendal Cumbria. It is part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust and is the base of which the trust is headquartered.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 152 Ramsey Street West in Pembina Pembina County North Dakota. Designed in the Late Gothic Revival style of architecture by an unknown architect it was built in 1886. Unlike all the other churches in the Episcopal Churches of North Dakota Multiple Property Submission (MPS) it was built of brick instead of local fieldstone. The brick is yellow and was made locally by the Pembina Brick Company.
 The Beebe Estate built in 1828 is a historic house at 235 W. Foster Street in Melrose Massachusetts.The City of Melrose owns and operates the house as a cultural center for the display of local art on Saturdays which are sponsored by the Beebe Estate Association. The renovated front rooms are available for rental and are used for special events.The estate was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Stewart-Hills House at 275 East 2000 South in Orem Utah was built in 1915. It includes Bungalow/craftsman architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The listing included three contributing buildings.
 Quaker School is a historic Quaker school at York and Penn Streets in Burlington Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1792 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Campbell-Chrisp House in Bald Knob Arkansas was built in 1899. It was designed by Charles Thompson in Colonial Revival and Romanesque style.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Christ Church Guilford historically known as the Old Brick Church is an historic Episcopal church located at Guilford now part of Columbia in Howard County Maryland. The small Georgian church was completed in 1809. It was constructed of handmade brick laid in English garden wall brick bond with unmarked joints.The original church was established in 1727 as Queen Caroline Parish Church. Trinity Church (Elkridge Maryland) grew out of Christ Church.
 Ellery Calkins House is a historic home located at Cochecton in Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a large two story frame Queen Anne style dwelling. It features a three story corner tower with a steep pyramidal roof and stylish wraparound porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Spade Ranch is a large cattle ranch located in the Sandhills of western Nebraska between the towns of Gordon and Ellsworth. Founded in 1888 by Bartlett Richards the ranch was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.A beef ranching operation in the Nebraska Sandhills the Spade Ranch encompasses land in both Sheridan and Cherry Counties. Founders Bartlett Richards and William Comstock successfully managed the ranch into the early twentieth century.
 Forbes Mill is a now-defunct flour mill originally built in 1854 located in Los Gatos California which now serves as a museum after having been saved from destruction in 1982. The mill is the first commercial building to be established in the city of Los Gatos.
 Westlake Shopping Center is an outdoor shopping mall in Daly City California USA. It is anchored by Burlington Coat Factory Home Depot Ross Safeway T.J. Maxx and Walgreens.
 Glenville Truss Bridge is a historic Pratt Through Truss bridge that spans the Little Kanawha River at Glenville Gilmer County West Virginia. The bridge was built in 1885. The bridge is 240 feet 6 inches long and the main through truss span is 147 feet. It was designed and/or built by the Stewart Shirreffs & Co.
 Bon Secours Hospital is a hospital in Baltimore.
 University Hospital Ayr is a General Hospital on the outskirts of Ayr Scotland. The hospital opened in 1991 following the closure of three Ayr hospitals: Heathfield (medical) Seafield (paediatric) and Ayr County (surgical). The Hospital was built next to the psychiatric hospital Ailsa Hospital. Ayr hospital is operated by NHS Ayrshire and Arran and covers a catchment area of approx. 100000 people including the towns of Ayr Prestwick Troon Girvan and Maybole.
 The Bank of Alexandria is a historic bank building located at Alexandria Virginia. It was built in 1807 and consists of a three-story main block with a two-story east wing. The main block is five bays wide and 7 bays deep. It was converted for use as the Mansion House Hotel in the 1840s.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973.It may be included in the Alexandria Historic District.
 The Thomas McCann House also known as the General Manager's House for Shevlin-Hixon Lumber Company is a historic home in Bend Oregon. It is located at 440 NW Congress Street and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Fred E. Taylor House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Christ Church Willaston is located in Neston Road Willaston Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wirral South the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Mercer Museum is a museum located in Doylestown Pennsylvania United States a suburb of Philadelphia. The Bucks County Historical Society operates the museum as well as the Spruance Library and Fonthill former home of the museum's founder archeologist Henry Chapman Mercer. The museum was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was later included in a National Historic Landmark District along with the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works and Fonthill.
 Site of Old Hannastown is a historic archaeological site located at Hempfield Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The village of Hannastown was laid out and originally settled in 1768-1769. It consisted of 30 log houses 2 taverns and a garrison palisaded fort. It was the site of the First English Court administering justice West of the Alleghenys between 1773 and 1787.
 The Venetian Pool is a historic U.S. public swimming pool located in Coral Gables Florida. Completed in 1925 it was designed by Phineas Paist with Denman Fink.
 The Izmailovo Hotel is a group of hotels located near Izmailovo village in the Izmaylovo District of Moscow Russia. The property consists of four buildings containing a total of 7000 to 7500 rooms making it the world's largest hotel by number of units. It was built for the 1980 Summer Olympics because the city like most others in Eastern Europe lacked enough quality hotel space during the 1970s.
 Times Square Church is an inter-denominational church located at 237 West 51st Street in the Theater District of Manhattan New York City. A large number of people representing many nationalities gather to worship together every week. Volunteers from the congregation participate in over forty ministries ranging from feeding the homeless in New York City to staffing an orphanage in South Africa. A major emphasis at Times Square Church is giving aid to the disadvantaged.
 The Old Methodist District Parsonage is a 19th-century Italianate residence in Romney West Virginia United States. It is a two story brick dwelling constructed between 1868 and 1882 to serve as the district parsonage for the area's Methodist churches. After it fell out of use by the church the eight-room residence was purchased and restored by the Long family and currently features 18th and 19th century furnishings and folk art.
 The Illinois State Museum is the official museum of the natural history of the U.S. state of Illinois. The headquarters museum is located on Spring and Edwards Streets one block southwest of the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield the state capital. There are satellite museums in Chicago Dickson Mounds Lockport and Rend Lake.In addition to natural history exhibits the main museum in Springfield focuses on the state's cultural and artistic heritage.
 Case House was a historic home located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built about 1901 and was a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It features a three-story polygonal corner tower and a multigabled roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has since been demolished.
 The Graduates Memorial Building (GMB) is a neo-Gothic Victorian building in Trinity College Dublin designed by Sir Thomas Drew in 1897. It is home to Trinity College's oldest student societies: the University Philosophical Society (the Phil) the College Historical Society (the Hist) and the College Theological Society (the Theo).
 Four Seasons Hotel Baltimore is a highrise hotel complex building which opened on November 14 2011. The building's construction began back in 2007 and went through several changes. Developers originally planned the project as two towers with a portion for residences. The hotel now occupies just one of the towers with the second being used as the Legg Mason Tower.
 Manulife Place is a highrise office building and shopping centre in Edmonton Alberta Canada. It was completed in 1983 to the design by Clifford Lawrie Bolton Ritchie Architects. It is located at the corner of 102 Avenue and 101 Street. The two level shopping concourse houses luxury Holt Renfrew's Edmonton store as well as many upscale shops. It connects by skywalk bridge to Edmonton City Centre and Commerce Place. The shopping centre features 22 stores and 3 restaurants.
 The Clock Tower on top of Neely Hill in Rome Georgia is the oldest landmarks in the city.
 Middlesex Center Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. It is a Romanesque style structure built about 1881.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Singapore Conference Hall is a multipurpose building located in the heart of the financial district of Shenton Way in Downtown Core of Singapore. The first building to be constructed along Shenton Way it was a place for conferences and exhibitions in the 1960s and 1970s. Today it is refurbished and modernized into a concert hall home to the Singapore Chinese Orchestra since 2001.
 Angkor National Museum is an archaeological museum dedicated to the collection preservation and presentation of Angkorian artifacts also to provides information and education about art and culture of Khmer civilization with collections mainly dated from Khmer Empire's Angkor period circa 9th to 14th-century. Most of the artifacts are discovered in and around the Angkor archaeological sites nearby. The museum is located in Vithei Charles de Gaulle No.
 Verbena is an unincorporated community in southeastern Chilton County Alabama United States. Named for the indigenous flower Verbena developed into a popular resort location for the more affluent citizenry of Montgomery the state's capital during the yellow fever outbreaks of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Church of St. John the Evangelist and St. Peter is a Grade II listed Church of England church of Ladywood Birmingham England.
 The Charles Ziemer House is a Colonial Revival style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Barnaby House is a historic home in Oxford Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story side-hall / double-pile frame house erected in 1770. It features a steeply pitched wood shingle roof marked by two shed-roofed dormers and a single-story brick-ended kitchen wing. It is one of only three 18th-century buildings remaining in Oxford.Barnaby House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The T. Thomas Fortune House also known as Maple Hill located in Red Bank Monmouth County New Jersey United States was the home of Timothy Thomas Fortune a leading journalist and civil rights advocate.The house was named a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 The Church of St Mary and St Michael Bonds is located in the village of Bonds to the south of Garstang Lancashire England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Lancaster. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center consisted of two hospitals one in Tarzana and the other in Encino California. Together the two hospitals had approximately 400 beds. The hospitals were owned by Tenet Healthcare until 2008. Previously Encino-Tarzana Regional Medical Center was operated as a joint venture between Tenet and HCA but Tenet bought out its partner's share in 2006 in preparation for divesting it.
 Foster Spinning Co. is an historic textile mill on Cove Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1916 from red brick and had a capacity of 13312 spindles. It was the last new mill built in Fall River.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Second Presbyterian Church of Lexington Kentucky is a historic church located at 460 E. Main Street.It was built in 1922. It is a work of architects Cram & Ferguson and also is a work of architects Frankel & Curtis. It includes Art Deco architecture.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Gimmestad Church (Norwegian: Gimmestad kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørstranda right along the shore of the Gloppefjorden. The church is part of the Gimmestad parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1910 by the architect Niels Stockfleth Darre Eckhoff. The church seats about 315 people.
 Liberty Science Center is an interactive science museum and learning center located in Liberty State Park in Jersey City New Jersey.The center which first opened in 1993 as New Jersey's first major state science museum has science exhibits the largest IMAX Dome theater in the United States numerous educational resources and the original Hoberman sphere a silver computer-driven engineering artwork designed by Chuck Hoberman.
 All Saints Church Shirburn is the redundant Church of England parish church of the parish of Shirburn Oxfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is at the west end of the village immediately south of Shirburn Castle the seat of the Earls of Macclesfield since 1715. The north chapel of the church is the mausoleum of the Parker family Earls of Macclesfield.
 6°11′44″S 106°49′19″EHotel Indonesia Kempinski Jakarta commonly abbreviated as HI is one of the oldest and best known hotels in Indonesia. Located in Central Jakarta it is one of the first 5-star hotels in the country. For many years it has been the city's major landmark. Its fame is often linked to the country's political pride. The hotel is located in Bundaran HI.
 Tour Total (previously known as Tour Elf from 1985 to 1999 and Tour TotalFinaElf from 1999 to 2003) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense Courbevoie the high-rise business district west of and adjacent to the city of Paris France designed in the Modern architectural style. The building now serves as headquarters for Total SA one of the six Supermajor oil companies in the world.
 Newtonville United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church on Louden Road at Maxwell Road in Newtonville New York.There has been a Methodist congregation meeting at the present site of the church since 1828. Three area congregations merged to the Newtonville location in 1858 and the church was called Asbury Chapel. When the building then in use exceeded its physical limitations the current building was constructed.
 The Buffington Hotel is an historic hotel in Westville Oklahoma United States. The brick building was built in about 1910 and features an arcade of round-arch windows on the East and South facades. The hotel was the premiere hotel in Westville when the town was railway stop. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Botherum was built for Madison C. Johnson in 1850 or 1851 (sources vary) by John McMurtry a well-known architect and builder based in Lexington.
 The Vicarage in Congresbury Somerset England includes an early 19th-century vicarage and former Priests House from around 1446. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The eastern range comprising the Refectory was built by executors of Bishop Thomas Beckington of Wells whose heraldic devices and those of the Poulteney family are on the porch.The building is now used for church and community functions.
 Maryborough Correctional Centre is a prison located at Stein Road Aldershot Queensland Australia approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north-west of Maryborough.The Maryborough Correctional Centre is a multi-purpose secure custody facility which accommodates 320 male prisoners in secure accommodation and 180 male prisoners in residential accommodation. It is also a remand and reception centre for offenders from Bundaberg to Gympie.
 The Roman ruins of Ammaia are located within the Nature Park of the Serra de São Mamede a mountainous expanse of forest in the civil parish of São Salvador da Aramenha municipality of Marvão along the border with Spain.
 Queen's Hotel is a hotel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar located on Boyd Street between Trafalgar Cemetery and the Gibraltar Botanic Gardens. The hotel was established in 1966. It describes itself as Gibraltar's only budget hotel. It is adjacent to the Queen's Cinema.
 The Wilmington Rail Viaduct is a series of fills and bridges about 4 miles (6.4 km) long that carry the Northeast Corridor through the city of Wilmington Delaware above street level. Constructed between 1902 and 1908 the structure consists principally of fills supported by heavy stone retaining walls punctuated with plate girder bridges over streets and augmented by a few sections of brick arch viaduct.
 Capella Tower (also 225 South Sixth) is a skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota USA. The building opened in 1992 with the First Bank Place being the headquarters for First Bank System. In 1997 First Bank System acquired US Bancorp and changed the name of the building to US Bancorp Place. The headquarters of US Bancorp moved into the US Bancorp Center in 2000 whereupon the tower changed to 225 South 6th Street.
 South Side Market Building (or South Side Market House) is a historic market house at 12th and Bingham Streets in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.The original market house on this spot was built in 1893 but burned around 1914 and was rebuilt in 1915. Architect: Charles Bickel. According to James D. Van Trump and Arthur P.
 Saint Peter's is the ancient parish church of Harborne Birmingham England.
 Pipestone Public Library in Pipestone Minnesota United States was built in 1904. It was an important work of architect Joseph Schwartz. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Roscoe W. Thatcher House also known as Thatcher Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Roscoe W. Thatcher who was the eleventh MAC/MSC President from 1927 to 1933 and Professor of Agricultural Chemistry in 1933. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style.
 The Joaquin Miller Cabin is an historic structure situated in Washington DC's Rock Creek Park. Built by the American poet essayist and fabulist Joaquin Miller it represents the only known example of late 19th century Rustic-style log cabin in Washington D.C. It is a Classified Structure within Rock Creek Park.
 The Saunders-Paine House is a historic house at 260 Paine Hollow Road in Wellfleet Massachusetts. This 1.5 story Federal style Cape was built in the 1820s; its first known owner was Charles Saunders who married Mary Cole Paine sometime before 1837. The house has a central chimney pilastered corner boards and a center entry with a five-light transom window.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church South also known as the Corvallis United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at the junction of Cemetery Road (formerly First Street) and Eastside Highway in Corvallis Montana. The church built in 1894 was organized as a congregation of the old Methodist Episcopal Church South which in 1939 merged with what is now the United Methodist Church. On November 24 1997 the church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is an historic Roman Catholic church at Main and Grand Streets in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States.The church was built by the noted ecclesiastical architect Patrick Keely in 1865 as a parish church. It was chosen to serve as the cathedral of the Diocese of Paterson upon its creation in 1937.The cathedral was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Jeremiah Reeves House and Carriage House is located at 325 East Iron Avenue in Dover Tuscarawas County Ohio. The house is also alternatively known as the Dover Historical Museum and the J.E. Reeves Victorian Home and Carriage House Museum. The property was listed on the National Register on 1982-07-15.
 Peter D. Walter House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a two story stone structure built in 1858 by Peter D. Walter seventh mayor of Lockport in the Italianate style. It is one of approximately 75 stone residences remaining in the city of Lockport.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Sira Church or Eresfjord Church (Norwegian: Sira kyrkje/Eresfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Eresfjord. The church is part of the Eresfjord parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden octagonal church was built in 1869. The church seats about 307 people.
 The Curtis—Shipley Farmstead is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland United States. It is a two-story Gothic Revival frame house built in 1891 with later additions. Southeast of the main house is a gable-front frame garage a one-story shed-roofed chicken house a hog barn a frame board-and-batten granary and a board-and-batten bank barn with an unusually deep forebay.The Curtis-Shipley Farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Antioch Christian Church is a historic church in Winchester Kentucky.It was built in 1834 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Chapel of Our Lady of the Rosary (Spanish: Capilla de Nuestra Señora del Rosario) popularly known as Capilla Maturana is a Roman Catholic church building in the neighbourhood of Bella Vista Montevideo Uruguay.The first church was consecrated in 1923 although the current temple was built two decades later. It is dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary and held by the Salesians of Don Bosco who also run the adjacent private school San Francisco de Sales.
 The Wayne County Building is a lowrise government structure located at 600 Randolph Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It formerly contained the Wayne County administrative offices – now located in the Guardian Building at 500 Griswold Street – and its courthouse. The Wayne County building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Patchogue United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church at the southwest corner of South Ocean Avenue and Church Street in Patchogue New York. The official address is 10 Church Street.It was built in 1889 although the Methodists originally shared a church building with the Congregationalists between 1793 and 1832. The existing church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Zaafarana palace is located in the Egyptian capital Cairo near Abbasyia district at Khalifa Maamon Road.Now it is inside the main campus of the Ain Shams University.It was one of the royal palaces and it is said that King Farouk was born in this palace.The palace consists of three floors and was designed by the French educated Egyptian architect Moghri bey Saad and built during the regime of Khedive Ismail.
 Shore Acres Park Clubhouse (known by its former name the Peoria Automobile Club on the National Register of Historic Places) is the central feature of Shore Acres Park in Chillicothe Illinois. Located near the Illinois River the clubhouse has been listed on the Register since 1995. It is Chillicothe's only listing on the National Register and one of several that are in smaller towns and cities in Peoria County outside the main city of Peoria.
 The Fleischmann Atmospherium Planetarium was built in 1963 on the University of Nevada-Reno campus. It was the first planetarium in the United States to feature a 360-degree projector capable of providing horizon-to-horizon images and through time-lapse photography showing an entire day’s weather in a few minutes.
 The Church of Our Lady of Health Cavel is a Roman Catholic church under the Archdiocese of Bombay. It was built by the Portuguese in 1794 when it was a chapel under the Padroado jurisdiction. When the old chapel began to decay a new Church was built in 1812 and was remodelled in 1971.
 Markham Stouffville Hospital is an acute care (215 beds) and community hospital serving south-east York Region. The hospital is located on Ninth Line north of Highway 7 in east-end Markham Ontario immediately south of the town of Whitchurch–Stouffville. It is also referred to as a base hospital as a resource centre for paramedics region-wide.
 Joseph Buffett House is a historic home located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay shingled dwelling built about 1830 with a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay saltbox shingled wing built about 1750. It is one of the oldest intact residences in Cold Spring Harbor village.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Traverse des Sioux is a historic site in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
 Arnot Art Museum opened 1913 is a municipal art museum located at 235 Lake Street in Elmira New York. Its permanent collection includes 17th- 18th- and 19th-century European paintings; and 19th- and 20th-century American art. Its 21st-century collection focuses on contemporary representational art. The building is a contributing property in the Elmira Civic Historic District.
 Fendall Hall also known as the Young–Dent Home is an Italianate-style historic house museum in Eufaula Alabama. The two-story wood-frame structure with a symmetrical villa-type floor-plan and crowning cupola was built between 1856 and 1860 by Edward Brown Young and his wife Ann Fendall Beall. It remained in the Young family for five generations passing to the builders’ daughter Anna Beall Young and her husband Stouten Hubert Dent in the 1879.
 The Church of San Bernardo (Spanish: Iglesia de San Bernardo) stands at the corner of Avenida 20 de Noviembre and Venustiano Carranza Street just south of the Zocalo or main plaza of Mexico City. It was part of a convent of the same name that was founded in 1636 but was closed along with all convents and monasteries during the La Reforma period in 1861.
 The Summit One Tower is an office skyscraper located at Mandaluyong City Philippines. Originally built as a condominium project called Paladium Summit but when the concrete shell was completed the project fell through until a local tycoon bought and converted it into an office tower. Summit One Tower was previously owned and managed by Facilities Incorporated.It is now owned and managed by Summit One Tower Building and Allied Assets a part of the ATN Group of Companies.
 The Cedar Grove Rosenwald School near Olmstead Kentucky is a Rosenwald School that was built in 1928 with a bungalow-influenced version of the American Craftsman style of architecture. It includes Bungalow/craftsman architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Somerset Hotel is a historic hotel building located at 1152-1154 S. Wabash Ave. in downtown Chicago Illinois. Built in 1892–93 the hotel was originally owned by physician Frank Stringfield. Architect Jules De Horvath designed the hotel in the Romanesque Revival style. De Horvath's design bore similarities to many other Chicago buildings most notably the 1888 Virginia Hotel at Ohio and Rush Streets.
 Al-Jam`e Al-ِAqmar(Arabic: الجامع الأقمر‎ literally:Moonlit mosque) or Al-Aqmar Mosque also called Gray mosque is a mosque in Cairo Egypt dating from the Fatimid era. It was built in the under vizier al-Ma'mun al-Bata'ihi during the caliphate of Imam Al-Amir bi-Ahkami l-Lah. The mosque is located on north Muizz Street.
 The Monroe County Museum is a historic building located in Sparta Wisconsin. It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff and constructed in 1923 as a meeting hall for a local area Masonic Lodge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 under the historic name Sparta Masonic Temple.
 Warrington Stone Bridge is located in the Columbia section of Knowlton Township Warren County New Jersey United States. The bridge was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 16 1977.
 The Museum of Jewish Heritage located in lower Manhattan is a living memorial to those who perished in the Holocaust. The Museum honors those who died by celebrating their lives – cherishing the traditions that they embraced examining their achievements and faith and affirming the vibrant worldwide Jewish community that is their legacy today.
 Woodson's Mill also known as Piney River Mill is a historic grist mill located at Lowesville Nelson County Virginia. It is believed to have been built originally for Guiliford Campbell in 1794. The present building has undergone three periods of structural and mechanical improvements most of which date to the nineteenth century. Sometime after 1900 Dr. Julian B.
 The Elm Bank Horticulture Center is the home of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society located at 900 Washington Street (Route 16) Wellesley Massachusetts United States. The former estate grounds includes open fields and meadows streams and pools wooded areas and formal gardens.
 Ramah Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Huntersville North Carolina.It was built in 1801 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The James A. and Ruth M. Bailey House is a large freestanding limestone mansion located at 10 St Nicholas Place at West 150th Street in the Sugar Hill area of the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The house was built from 1886 to 1888 and was designed by architect Samuel Burrage Reed in the Romanesque Revival style for circus impresario James Anthony Bailey of the Barnum & Bailey Circus.
 Volgograd railway station (Volgograd I Russian: Волгоград I) is the main railway station of the city of Volgograd the capital city of Volgograd Oblast Russia formerly known as Stalingrad and before that as Tsaritsyn. It is located in the Central District of the city at Railway Station Square 1. The station is one of the largest in Russia and serves long-distance trains and suburban trains.
 The Union County Courthouse in Morganfield Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 17 1978. The current courthouse is the third one for Union County and was opened in 1872.
 Houston Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church on AR 60 on the southwest side near the junction with AR 216 in Houston Arkansas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 Launceston Priory was a priory at Newport Launceston Cornwall England UK. The priory was a house of Augustinian canons. It received a charter in 1127 replacing an earlier foundation of secular canons at St Stephens. It was dissolved in 1539 and the site levelled.The site was re-discovered in 1886 and 1888 (during the construction of the railway and a gas holder) and excavated by O. B. Peter thus allowing the plan to be reconstructed.
 St Margaret New Fish Street was a parish church in the City of London.The Mortality Bill for the year 1665 published by the Parish Clerks' Company shows 97 parishes within the City of London. By September 6 the city lay in ruins 86 churches having been destroyed. In 1670 a Rebuilding Act was passed and a committee set up under the stewardship of Sir Christopher Wren to decide which would be rebuilt.
 Angus Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and barn located at Benton in Yates County New York. The complex consists of the farmhouse was constructed about 1831-1834 and three contributing outbuildings. The farmhouse is an example of vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. The exterior walls are built of variously shaped and colored field cobbles. Also on the property are two large frame barns and a small shed.
 Windows on the World was a complex of venues at the top floors (106th and 107th) of the North Tower of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan that included a restaurant called Windows on the World a smaller restaurant called Wild Blue a bar called The Greatest Bar on Earth and rooms for private functions. Developed by restaurateur Joe Baum and designed initially by Warren Platner Windows on the World occupied 50000 square feet (4600 m²) of space in the North Tower.
 The Marlands Shopping Centre was opened on 5 September 1991. At the time the Marlands Shopping Mall was the largest shopping centre in Southampton and the first significant shopping centre in the city (East Street Shopping Centre being well out of the way of the main shopping district hence never being very successful and the Bargate Centre being much smaller) however it is now dwarfed by WestQuay which opened in 2000.
 Ter Leyen Castle is a castle in Boekhoute Belgium.
 The Falls Church (Anglican) is an Anglican parish in the city of Falls Church Virginia near Washington D.C.. In 2006 the congregation of The Falls Church divided over the question of whether or not to leave the Episcopal Church effectively creating two congregations: The Falls Church (Anglican) and The Falls Church (Episcopal). Following a lengthy court dispute the Episcopal congregation was awarded ownership of the historic Falls Church property.
 Hogots monastery was an Armenian monastery in the western Gürpınar district of modern Turkey. It was situated 5 kilometers northwest of Özlüce village in the district.
 The Houston City Hall building is the headquarters of the city of Houston's government. It was constructed in 1938-1939 and is located in Downtown Houston. It is surrounded by skyscrapers and very similar to dozens of other city halls built in the southwest United States during the same time period. It is flanked by Tranquility Park and the Houston Public Library. The simply designed structure featured many construction details that have helped to make this building an architectural classic.
 Squire Cheyney Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located in Thornbury Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses two contributing buildings three contributing sites one contributing structure and contributing object. They are the farmhouse barn (c. 1804 c. 1820 c. 1875 1881 and c. 1910) ruins of a granary remains of an ice house a spring house (1799) stone retaining wall and family cemetery (established c. 1803).
 The Suffolk County Courthouse also known as the John Adams Courthouse is a historic courthouse building on Pemberton Square in Boston Massachusetts that is home to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court and the Massachusetts Appeals Court. The Court was built in 1893. From 1893 to 1938 the Supreme Judicial Court and the Social Law Library occupied the building known then as the Suffolk County Courthouse.
 This article is about a building in Buffalo New York designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. For other similarly named buildings see Barton House (disambiguation).The George F. Barton House was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright built between 1903 & 1904 and is located at 118 Summit Avenue in Buffalo New York. The Barton House is part of the larger Darwin D.
 Ron Blaauw was a restaurant located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 2004 and 2005 and two Michelin stars in the period 2006–present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.Ron Blaauw was a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise but left in 2011 due to lack of timeThe restaurant was originally located in Ouderkerk aan de Amstel.
 St Peter's Church is a church in Threekingham Lincolnshire. It is dedicated to St. Peter ad Vincula (St Peter in chains). It became a Grade I listed building on 1 February 1967. A Saxon church mentioned in the Domesday Book was located here but the Normans began rebuilding the church in 1170. Part of the church notably the door and porch is dated to 1310. A sundial on the turret to the left of the porch says 1688 Gifte of Edmond Hutchinson Gentleman.
 St Cecilia's Church Girton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Girton Nottinghamshire.
 Cadillac Place is a landmark high-rise office complex located at 3044 West Grand Boulevard in the New Center area of Detroit Michigan. The ornate class-A office building was constructed of steel limestone granite and marble between 1919 and 1923 and listed as a National Historic Landmark in 1985. The building houses several Government of Michigan agencies under a 20-year lease agreement approved in 1998. At the end of the lease the State has the option to purchase the structure for $1.
 San Francesco a Ripa is a church in Rome Italy. It is dedicated to Francis of Assisi because the adjacent convent accommodated him while the term Ripa refers to the nearby river-edge of the Tiber.
 The San Jose de Gracia Church also known as Church of Santo Tomas Del Rio de Las Trampas is a church built between 1760 and 1776 in Las Trampas New Mexico. Originally named Santo Tomas del Rio de las Trampas the church is of adobe construction with a mud-plaster exterior which is renewed periodically by parishioners.
 Minchery Priory was a priory in Oxfordshire England. It was dedicated to St Nicholas and founded in the reign of King Stephen (1135–42) and suppressed by Cardinal Wolsey in 1525. The only surviving building was later used as a farmhouse and is now a public house The Priory which stands close to the Kassam Stadium the home ground of Oxford United F.C..
 The George Washington Faulkner House known also as Faulkner House and as Faulkner Farm and located at 14292 W. Telegraph Rd. in Santa Paula California was built in 1894. It is a historic Queen Anne style house that was a work of architect/builders Herman Anlauf and Franklin P. Ward.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Jamestown Hospital is a small Provincial government funded hospital for the Maletswai Local Municipality area in Jamestown Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Ekebyhov Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The house at 519 Golconda Avenue is a cottage located in Kingman Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Abbot-Battles House is a historic house at 31 Lowell Street in Andover Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1809 for Jeduthan Abbot who had married in 1805 and by then had two children. The house was built in part around the core of an older house built c. 1700 which the previous owner of the property had removed part of. The Federalist facade of the house dates to Abbot's ownership.
 The Chet Holifield Federal Building colloquially known as the Ziggurat Building is a United States government building at 24000 Avila Road in Laguna Niguel California built between 1968 and 1971 originally for Rockwell International and designed by William Pereira. It is managed by the General Services Administration.
 Connetquot River State Park Preserve is a conservation area in the Town of Islip in Suffolk County New York in the USA.Visitors can enjoy activities that have low impact on conservation programs (no pets). The park offers hiking fishing a bridle path nature trails cross-country skiing snow shoeing a museum and recreation activities.
 The Stutsman County Courthouse and Sheriff's Residence/Jail in Jamestown North Dakota was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.It was designed by architect Henry C. Koch.Its NRHP listing was consistent with a later state-wide study of North Dakota courthouses.The State Historical Society of North Dakota is working to restore the courthouse and has listed the building as Stutsman County Courthouse State Historic Site.
 The Roman Baths of Ankara are the ruined remains of an ancient Roman bath complex in Ankara Turkey which were uncovered by excavations carried out in 1937-1944 and have subsequently been opened to the public as an open-air museum.
 The Hospital Interdisciplinario Psicoasistencial José Tiburcio Borda (alternate: Municipal Hospital of José Tiburcio Borda; nickname: El Borda) is the largest and most notable psychiatric hospital in Argentina. Situated on 20 hectares (49 acres) El Borda is located on Calle Ramón Carrillo Barracas Buenos Aires next to the Child and Adolescent Neuropsychiatric Hospital Garcia Tobar.
 Saint Peters is a community located in Chester County Pennsylvania. The village is a historic 19th century industrial 'company village' at the Falls of French Creek in Warwick Township. The village is located in the Hopewell Big Woods.The town is located in a narrow ravine along French Creek. The Falls of French Creek have formed where French Creek cuts across a series of diabase (trap rock) dikes.
 St. Paul's Bus Station is one of two bus stations located in the town of Walsall in the West Midlands England.
 Chester’s International based in Birmingham Alabama is a fried chicken quick-service restaurant in the U.S. W.O. Giles founded Chester's in October 1965 and adopted Chester the Chicken as the emerging foodservice company's mascot named for the Chester Goode character on Gunsmoke a favorite TV show of Giles'.
 New York Susquehanna & Western Railroad Station is located in Butler Morris County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1872 by the New York Susquehanna and Western Railway and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 24 2002.
 Cedarmont is a property near Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was built or has other significance in c.1816 and c.1855.It includes Greek Revival architecture. When listed the property included two contributing buildings and one contributing site on an area of 1.5 acres (0.61 ha).
 Hadley Corner is a one-story shopping center in Hadley Massachusetts United States with 9 stores planned. It is located on Route 9 on Russell Street in Hadley Massachusetts between Amherst and Northampton approximately five miles east of Exit 19 off I-91 and across the street from the Mountain Farms Mall.
 Weidner Mill is a historic grist mill complex located on Manatawny Creek in Amity Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the 2 1/2-story stone and brick banked mill (1855); 2 1/2-story stucco over stone farmhouse (c. 1840); 1 1/2-story stucco over stone combined smokehouse and spring house (c. 1820); 2 1/2-story stucco over stone tenant house (c. 1820); stucco over stone bank barn (c. 1850); and the millrace and dam. The mill ceased operation in the 1940s.
 Union Bank Building is a skyscraper in Lagos Nigeria. The 28-story building serves as the headquarters of the Union Bank of Nigeria.
 St. Sennen's Church Sennen is a parish church in the Church of England located in Sennen Cornwall.
 Watts Warehouse is a large ornate Victorian Grade II* listed building standing on Portland Street in the centre of Manchester England. It opened in 1856 as a textile warehouse for the wholesale drapery business of S & J Watts and was the largest single-occupancy textile warehouse in Manchester. Today the building is part of the Britannia Hotels chain.
 Résidence Lafrance or sometimes Résidence Lafrance (transl. Lafrance Residence and Lafrance Residence respectively) is a co-ed dormitory on the campus of the Université de Moncton in Moncton New Brunswick. It is named after abbot Xavier-François Lafrance the first resident priest of the Tracadie parish.With 160 rooms and 11 floors it is the largest residence at the university. The building is one of the original structures built for the opening of the university in 1962.
 The One Street Museum is among main attractions of the Andriyivskyy Descent which houses many of the historic items of the descent containing more than 7000 exhibits. They include information about the Saint Andrew's Church the castle of Richard Lionheart and the many other buildings of the Descent.
 Burgruine Steinschloß is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Valley Hospital is a 451-bed not-for-profit hospital in Bergen County New Jersey. According to the hospital's website In 2012 49936 individuals were admitted to Valley 76812 people were treated in the Emergency Department and 3146 babies were born. In 2013 Valley Hospital was awarded its tenth J. D. Power and Associates recognition for providing an outstanding inpatient experience.
 The Southern Queensland Correctional Centre (SQCC) is an Australian prison facility located in the Lockyer Valley 15 km north from Gatton and 94 km west from Brisbane Queensland. The 300-bed minimum to maximum security prison for men was officially opened on 21 December 2011 by Corrective Services Minister Neil Roberts. The facilities began operation in January 2012.
 The Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665 also known as the Jim Crow Car is a historic railcar on the National Register of Historic Places currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven Kentucky in southernmost Nelson County Kentucky.The Combine car was built at the American Car and Foundry Company located in Jeffersonville Indiana in 1913; a custom design given to it by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. It was number 865 later numbered 665.
 The Ritz-Carlton Millenia Singapore (Chinese: 新加坡丽嘉登美年大酒店) is a 32 floor deluxe hotel located at Millenia Singapore Marina Centre Singapore. The hotel is run by the Ritz-Carlton group of hotels and it has won several awards. The hotel was opened in 1996.
 The Lithuanian Road Museum (Lithuanian: Kelių Muziejus) is a museum in Lithuania that collects displays and interprets objects related to road building.
 Aquavit is a Scandinavian restaurant located at 65 East 55th Street in Manhattan in New York City.
 The Jacob Quickel House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Gothic Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Goodale Homestead built in 1702 is a historic house at 100 Chestnut Street in Hudson Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 O Street Market also known as Northern Market is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1968 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. Built in 1881 it is one of three remaining 19th century public markets still standing in the city along with Eastern Market and Georgetown Market.
 The Schofield House also known as the Lanier-Schofield House is an historic building located in the Madison Historic District of Madison Indiana. Built in 1817 this Federal-style building was the first two-story brick house and the first tavern house in Madison. It was also here on January 13 1818 that the Grand Lodge of Indiana the organization of Freemasons in Indiana was founded.
 Cowesett Pound is an historic stone colonial animal pound in Warwick Rhode Island on Cowesett Road.The pound was built in 1742 by David Greene and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 In March 2014 Telephone House was purchased by developer Vita which intends to convert the building into 347 ‘high-standard’ apartments. The value of the project is £35 million and the revamp of the tower will involve a complete refurbishment of the interior and a facelift for the exterior with all the windows being replaced.
 Mallory Mill is a historic grist mill located at Hammondsport in Steuben County New York. It was built about 1836 and is four story gambrel roofed stone industrial building. In the 1880s it was converted for use as a winery.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The George Tromley Sr. House is located in LeClaire Iowa. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 Judge John Ryon House or Judge Ira Kilbourne House is a historic home located at Lawrenceville in Tioga County Pennsylvania. It is a two story Greek Revival style house built in 1840. It features a two story portico with three full fluted Ionic columns and one somewhat less fluted column.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Grant Park refers to the oldest city park in Atlanta Georgia United States as well as the Victorian neighborhood surrounding it.
 Speakman No. 2 Mary Ann Pyle Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at East Fallowfield Township near Modena in Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 75-foot-long (23 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1881. It is a twin of Speakman No. 1 located a 1/4 mile away. It crosses Buck Run.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Cool Spring Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building located near Lewes Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1854 and is on the site of two previous church buildings that served the congregation dating back to its establishment in 1726. It is a one-story frame structure three bays deep in a rural Greek Revival style. It sits on a brick foundation and has a gable roof. It features a simple pedimented portico supported by two Doric order columns.
 Nordstan is a shopping centre in Gothenburg Sweden. It is the largest shopping centre in Scandinavia[citation needed] with approximately 180 shops and 150 offices. The shopping centre's total area is about 320000 square metres divided into nine interconnected buildings where retail and restaurant floor space makes up around 70000 square metres. The covered streets and squares comprise 8000 square metres.
 The Tassajara Zen Mountain Center in the Ventana Wilderness area of the Los Padres National Forest southeast of Carmel-by-the-Sea California is the oldest Japanese Buddhist Sōtō Zen monastery in the United States. The Center is very isolated more than 16 miles (26 km) from the nearest paved road and only accessible via a narrow steep one-lane dirt road. During the winter months practitioners live on site. During the summer months the Center is opened to day and overnight guests.
 Mountjoy Prison (Irish: Príosún Mhuinseo) founded as Mountjoy Gaol nicknamed The Joy is a medium security prison located in Phibsboro in the centre of Dublin Ireland. It has the largest prison population in Ireland.The current prison governor is Mr. Edward Whelan.
 Church of St. Francis Xavier (Lithuanian: Šv. Pranciškaus Ksavero bažnyčia) is located in the Old Town of Kaunas Lithuania. The church dedicated to St. Francis Xavier was built at the Town Hall Square in the Old Town of Kaunas by Jesuits. They opened their first residence in Kaunas in 1642 and established a chapel in the House of Perkūnas in 1643. Later they also founded a first four-form school in the city in 1649.
 Contempora House is a historic home located at New City in Rockland County New York. It is a Streamline Moderne style dwelling built in 1934-1935. The property consists of the main house with detached studio. The buildings are constructed of concrete and cinderblock with steel and wood framing and a stucco exterior. It was designed by noted architect and planner Paul Lester Wiener (1895–1967).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Art Museum (Ukrainian: Художній музей) is the contemporary name for the oldest former church of the city the Collegiate Church of Virgin Mary. Together with the city rathaus the building is the oldest in Ivano-Frankivsk.
 The Grandmaster's Palace (officially referred to as The Palace) is located in Valletta. It currently houses the Office of the President of Malta and the House of Representatives as well as being a heritage site run by Heritage Malta.
 Radio-Television Transmitting Centre Rachocin situated by Sierpc/Rachocin on the north-west Masovian Voivodeship. Is a 261 metre guyed steel mast.The mast was built to the purpose of the broadcasting of a radio signal and television on the large area.
 Lincoln Historic District is a historic district encompassing the community of Lincoln New Mexico. It includes a number of buildings including Wright House Dr. Wood's Office and the Watson House Curry Saloon Wortley Hotel Penfield Shop and Home Tunstall Store Old Mill Ellis Store Old Courthouse Montano Store.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 The Dick Callen House is a historic house located 3.25 miles (5.23 km) south of Jerome Idaho United States. The lava rock home was built in 1917 by a stonemason named Otis. The home is designed in the bungalow style and features a gable roof with exposed rafters wide eaves and multiple purlins.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 8 1993.
 Ashley and Bailey Company Silk Mill also known as Franklin Silk Mill and Leinhardt Brothers Furniture Warehouse is a historic silk mill located at West York York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1899 and is a three-story brick building on a rough cut stone foundation. It has a shallow gable roof a three-story L-shaped tower and a broad one-story ell. Also on the property is a small flat roofed brick building built about 1925.
 The Crossings Premium Outlets is an open-air outlet mall in Monroe County Pennsylvania adjacent to the Tannersville interchange of Interstate 80 with Route 715. It consists of seven buildings lettered A through G and has a small food court in Building C.
 The Caribbean Motel is a historic motel located in Wildwood Crest Cape May County New Jersey United States in an area now known as the Wildwoods Shore Resort Historic District. The motel was built in 1957 in the Doo-Wop style by Lou Morey whose family built many of the Wildwoods' original Doo Wop motels for original owners Dominic and Julie Rossi.
 The Contemporary Art Museum St. Louis is an art museum for contemporary art located in St. Louis in the U.S. state of Missouri.
 The Petroleum Building (formerly known as the Hogan Building) is a highrise in downtown Midland TX. The building was built in 1928 and consists of 12 floors and has a neo-gothic style architecture to it. The building stands at 137 ft but with its spires reaches a height of 151 ft. The Hogan building is a registered Texas historical landmark. The tower is named for lawyer and oil entrepreneur Thomas Stephen Hogan. For information on Hogan see article on Jacob Bunn.
 Darun Aman Mosque (Thai: มัสยิดดารุลอามาน or Thai: มัสยิดบ้านฮ่อ) located at Isaraparb road is the biggest mosques in Chiang Rai province. The mosque was one of many mosques in northern Thailand built by Hui people or roughly known as Chin Haw in Thai.
 The James Brown House is a historic building in the Hudson Square neighborhood of New York City. It was built in the early 19th century. Today it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and is a City Landmark. It is one of the few existing examples of Federal architecture in New York. Its ground level is the site of The Ear Inn one of the oldest existing taverns in New York City.
 Irving Mall is an enclosed American shopping mall located in Irving Texas at the intersection of Texas State Highway 183 (Airport Freeway) and Belt Line Road. It has 123 stores including five anchor tenants as of December 27 2012 plus a food court. The mall is under ownership of the Simon Property Group.
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 for its artistic and architectural significance.
 The Central Police Station at 701 Messanie in St. Joseph Missouri was built in 1909. It was designed by Edmund J. Eckel. It has also been known as National Military Heritage Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Quinn Ranger Station also known as the Quinn Patrol Cabin and Quinn's Horse Camp is the only surviving ranger station from the time when Sequoia National Park was administered by the U.S. Army.Sequoia was the second National Park to be established after Yellowstone National Park and predated the establishment of the National Park Service. The one-room log cabin was built in 1907 in early National Park Service Rustic style.
 Monkwearmouth Railway Station served Monkwearmouth Sunderland England. The railway station closed in March 1967 as a result of the Beeching Axe and featured a restored booking office dating from the Edwardian period.The Tyne and Wear Metro and mainline trains still pass through the station without stopping but the Metro calls at St. Peter's station a few hundred yards south of the old station.The museum is a Grade II* listed building.
 Fort Augustus Abbey properly St. Benedict's Abbey at Fort Augustus Inverness-shire Scotland was a Benedictine monastery from late in the nineteenth century to 1998.
 The Kenton Public Library is a historic building in downtown Kenton Ohio United States. One of 109 Carnegie libraries in Ohio it was built in 1905; Carnegie donated $20000 to aid in its construction. An attempt to start a library in Kenton began in 1853 but over thirty years passed before one was actually begun. From 1886 to the opening of the Carnegie library the library was housed in a business block on the city's central square.
 The Church of St Leonard the Less is an Anglican church in the village of Samlesbury Lancashire England situated close to the banks of the River Ribble. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. It dates predominantly from 1558 with a tower added 1899–1900 and is protected as a Grade I listed building.
 The Tennessee Brewery building stands at the intersection of Butler and Tennessee streets in Memphis Tennessee. It is directly on the bluff overlooking the Mississippi River. The building once housed the Tennessee Brewing Company a leader in early brewery production.
 Gatke Hall is the second-oldest building at Willamette University in Salem Oregon United States. A two-story structure it was originally built in downtown Salem in 1903 across the street from the Marion County Courthouse and served as a post office. The Beaux Arts styled building was moved to the university in 1938 and first served as the home to the law school.
 Holliston Church is a church in Pasadena California United States. It is located at 1305 East Colorado Boulevard. It primarily serves the Korean community in Pasadena. The building was constructed in 1923.
 The Apalachicola Fort Site is an archaeological site near Holy Trinity Alabama United States. Spain established a wattle and daub blockhouse here on the Chattahoochee River in 1690 in an attempt to maintain influence among the Lower Creek Indians. These tribes had rejected Spanish missionaries and were trading with the English. The fort was used for one year and then destroyed by the Spanish when they abandoned the site. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
 Sweet Briar is a historic Country Place estate located near Geneseo in Livingston County New York. The main house was built about 1898 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame building with clapboard siding and a hipped roof with dormers. It is in a U shape and features a Tuscan colonnade. Also on the property are contributing gate posts a stable fountain two tenant houses and the Chapel of St. Felicitas.
 The Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe (Spanish: Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe) was a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 229 West 14th Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues in the Greenwich Village section of Manhattan in New York City.
 Mill City Museum is a Minnesota Historical Society museum in Minneapolis. It opened in 2003 built in the ruins of the Washburn A Mill next to Mill Ruins Park on the banks of the Mississippi River. The museum focuses on the founding and growth of Minneapolis especially flour milling and the other industries that used water power from Saint Anthony Falls.The mill complex dating from the 1870s is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is part of the St.
 The Israel Arnold House is an historic house on Great Road in Lincoln Rhode Island.The house was built in 1720 and was added to the National Historic Register on December 18 1970.
 There are a number of Paul Bunyan Statues on display in the United States the most famous of which is in Portland Oregon and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Boonshoft Museum of Discovery is a children's museum in Dayton Ohio United States that focuses on science. Exhibits include an extensive natural history collection as well as maintaining a collection of live animals native to Ohio. Educational outreach extends to the community by providing in-school programming and on-site special programs.
 St Mary Magdalen Nunnery (grid reference ST585733) was a priory of Augustinian canonesses in Kingsdown Bristol England. It was founded c. 1173 and dissolved in 1536. St Mary Magdalen is remembered in the name of Maudlin Street; the nunnery was located near to the corner of Maudlin Street and St Michael's Hill which was later the site of the King David Inn.
 Cathedral Plaza is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 19 floors and a surface of 23000 m2. At a height of 75 m (246 ft) the construction was finished in 2010.
 The Albert Zahn House is located in Baileys Harbor Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Ela-Nabi Sa'in Mosque (Hebrew: אלא נבי סעין‎ Arabic: الى النبي ساعين‎ ) is a mosque located at a height of 487 meters above sea level on the northwestern outskirts of Nazareth Israel. The mosque is located at the height of the ridge height of enclosing the city from north about 150 meters north - east of the church Alzianit with a panoramic view of the Nazareth Jezreel Valley from the south and the Upper Galilee and Haifa Krayot to the north and west.
 The Pierce–Hichborn House (circa 1711) is an early Georgian house located at 19 North Square Boston Massachusetts. It is immediately adjacent to the Paul Revere House and is now operated as a nonprofit museum by the Paul Revere Memorial Association. An admission fee is charged.
 Abo is a pueblo ruin in New Mexico that is preserved in the Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument.The Abó Ruins are located about 9 miles west of Mountainair at about 6100 feet (1859 m) above sea level. They are said to date back to the 1300s. It was a major trading station during its time.
 The Henderson County Courthouse also known as the Historic Henderson County Courthouse and the Old Henderson County Courthouse is an historic 3-story brick gold-domed Classical Revival style courthouse building located at One Historic Courthouse Square corner of 1st and Main streets in Hendersonville North Carolina. It is Henderson County's second courthouse and is adjacent to site of the 1840s courthouse which was razed upon its completion.
 The Nara National Museum (奈良国立博物館 Nara Kokuritsu Hakubutsukan) is one of the pre-eminent national art museums in Japan.
 Bristol Wells also known as National City Bristol City and Tempest is a ghost town in Lincoln County Nevada. The mining town was located on the west side of Bristol Mountain 14 miles (23 km) northwest of Pioche Nevada.The first mining claims were staked in 1870. The district was organized the next year when the settlement of National City grew around the National Mine. In 1872 a furnace was built to treat silver-lead ore from the Bristol Mine 4 miles (6.4 km) to the east.
 The E. J. Jecker House at 201 N. Wheeler in Victoria Texas was built in 1910. It was a work of architects Praeger & Hull and of building contractor Bailey Mills. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Furness General Hospital (FGH) is a hospital located in the Hawcoat area of Barrow-in-Furness Cumbria England. It is part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust.
 Fukushima Prefectural Museum of Art (福島県立美術館 Fukushima Kenritsu Bijutsukan) is a museum located in Fukushima City.The museum houses 2000+ works including French Impressionism 20th century American realism Japanese modern paintings prints earthenwares ceramics and textiles.It owns an important part of Ben Shahn's Lucky Dragon series about the Daigo Fukuryū Maru (literally Lucky Dragon No. 5) the Japanese fishing boat caught in the Bikini Atoll hydrogen bomb blast.
 Christiana Lindsey House is a historic home located at Mercer Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1881 and is a 2 1/2-story brick residence with a 2-story rear ell in the Italianate style. It measures 34 feet wide and 39 feet deep. It sits on a raised ashlar sandstone foundation and has a slate covered truncated hipped roof. It features an elaborately detailed full-width front porch.
 210 Trade is a 601 feet (183 m) tall residential-use skyscraper under construction in Charlotte North Carolina. It is part of the EpiCentre entertainment complex that was completed in 2008. Once completed 210 Trade will have 53 floors. The EpiCentre Entertainment Complex has a movie theater restaurants bars shops four floors of parking five floors of offices and retail topped by 210 Trade with 44 residential floors.
 Bethlehem Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist church located at Taylor's Island Dorchester County Maryland. It was built in 1857 and is a gable-front common bond brick church across the road from a mid-19th century cemetery. The Gothic Revival Victorian church has an octagonal belfry above which is an octagonal dome with a spire superimposed and covered in copper making it look like an inverted ice cream cone.
 Salem College Administration Building is a historic school administration building located on the campus of Salem International University at Salem Harrison County West Virginia. It was built in 1909-1910 and is 2 1/2-story stone and brick building with a truncated hipped roof and full basement in the Collegiate Gothic style. It consist of an imposing central tower flanked by two symmetrical wings The wings feature large two-story parapet-gabled wall dormers.
 The Capt. Josiah E. Chase Octagon House built in 1858 is an historic octagonal house located on Chase Mill Road in East Limington Maine.On March 25 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Premium Outlets Montreal is an outlet mall under construction in Mirabel Quebec Canada. Being the second Premium Outlet Center in Canada and the second conglomeration of stores of its type in that nation (after Toronto Premium Outlets) the facility is scheduled to open in 2014.
 The Polar Tower II is a skyscraper located in Plaza Venezuela east of Caracas Venezuela. The Polar Tower II located in Plaza Venezuela is one of the most important buildings of the city of Caracas as it is an icon that can be distinguished from almost anywhere in the city.
 St. Boniface Catholic Church (also known as St. Bonifacius Kirche Complex Rectory Holy Angels Academy) is a historic church at 501-531 E. Liberty Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1982 as St.Bonifacius Kirche Complex.It is the church of the oldest Catholic parish in Louisville.
 The Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden is a sculpture garden located at the Museum of Fine Arts (MFAH) in Houston TX. The garden consists of 25 works of the MFAH including sculptures by Henri Matisse Alexander Calder David Smith Frank Stella and Louise Bourgeois. There are also sculptures created specifically for the site including Ellsworth Kelly's Houston Triptych and Tony Cragg's New Forms.
 The N. P. Smith Pioneer Hardware Store is a historic commercial building in Bend Oregon United States. The structure was built in 1909 by Nichols P. Smith a Bend businessman. The two-story building originally housed a hardware business on the ground floor with family quarters on the second floor. The building is located on the Northwest Wall Street in downtown Bend. It has been in continuous use as a commercial building since it first opened.
 Bluff Hall is a historic residence in Demopolis Alabama United States. The original portion of the house is in the Federal style with later additions that altered it to the Greek Revival style. It was documented as part of the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It serves as a historic house museum with the interior restored to an 1850s appearance.
 Gratton Congregational Church and Chapel (The Brick Church and The Chapel) is a historic church on Main Street in Grafton Vermont.It was built in 1833 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 William Pepperrell House is a historic house on State Route 103 (ME 103) in Kittery Point Maine.The building was completed in 1683 and was home to William Pepperrell a military hero best known for commanding the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg during King George's War. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The structure and interior finish remains well preserved and has been partially restored in several places.
 Ruggles Park is a historic park in Fall River Massachusetts. It covers about 9 acres within a densely populated working class neighborhood bounded by Seabury Robeson Pine and Locust Streets just north of the Granite Mills.The land for park was originally part of the Rodman Farm. In 1868 the city purchased 15 acres that included a fine natural plantation known as Ruggles Grove.
 Union Meeting House (Former) (Westport Townhall) is a historic church on Main Road ME 144 in Westport Maine.It was built in 1794 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Roberts House is a historic Tudor Revival style residence and two dependencies in Mobile Alabama United States. Built in the 1920s upper-class suburb of County Club Estates the complex was designed by J. F. Pate. The rambling two-story red brick mansion was completed in 1929. The exterior architecture features steeply pitched gables prominent chimneys casement windows and an elaborate Tudor arch door surround.Purchased by the John A. Roberts Jr.
 Al Mahdi Mosque is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and was inaugurated by Mirza Masroor Ahmad the worldwide Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community on 7 November 2008. It is located in Rees Way Bradford. The inauguration was attended by many Ahmadi Muslims and over 300 guests. Due to its location on a plateau the mosque is visible from several miles within Bradford.
 The Edmund Blinn House is located in Pasadena Los Angeles County California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Hampshire Mall is a primarily one-story shopping mall with a small second floor in Hadley Massachusetts United States with approximately 55 stores owned by The Pyramid Companies. Current anchor stores include Best Buy Dick's Sporting Goods JCPenney and Target. There is a LaserStorm a Lasertag facility in the mall. The mall is home to a roller skating rink.
 Clifton Park Valve House also known as Lake Clifton Gate House or Lake Clifton Valve House is a historic building located in Clifton Park of Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a massive octagonal stone gatehouse featuring large Romanesque archways that alternate with Gothic style windows that once contained stained glass. It was constructed in 1887 by the Baltimore City Water Department.
 The Huffman Covered Bridge was built in 1914 south of Middleburg Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 1975-03-04.The wooden Kingpost truss bridge stood 50 feet long over the Middle Fork Creek. The bridge stood until a devastating flood washed out the supports in 1998 carrying away the bridge. The same flood took with it six victims.
 Doorwerth Castle is a medieval castle situated on the river Rhine near the city of Arnhem Netherlands.
 Lake Eustis Museum of Art is located at 1 West Orange Avenue Eustis Florida. Opened in 1995 the museum exhibits contemporary artwork from the Southeastern United States and is the only art museum in Lake County.
 The Gold Coast Historic District is located in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 this historic district covers approximately a 30 block area roughly bounded by 36th 40th Jones and Cuming Streets. The neighborhood housed many of Omaha’s cultural and financial leaders between 1900 and 1920 taking over from Omaha's original Gold Coast in prominence.
 Mt. Hebron M.E. Church South and Cemetery is a historic Methodist church at 1079 Mt. Hebron Road in Colville Arkansas.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 Silliman Memorial Presbyterian Church was a historic Presbyterian church located at Cohoes in Albany County New York. The complex was built in 1896–1897 and consisted of a church a church house and a manse. The Romanesque style church was a square structure constructed of brownstone and brick with an engaged tower at each corner. It featured various gables and turrets on the roof covered in slate. The church house was a 2 1⁄2-story Richardsonian Romanesque–style building.
 Olmsted Park is a linear park in Boston and Brookline Massachusetts and a part of Boston's Emerald Necklace of connected parks and parkways. Originally named Leverett Park in 1900 it was renamed to honor its designer Frederick Law Olmsted.Olmsted Park can be roughly divided into two parts. In the south bordering Jamaica Pond it includes athletic fields and three ponds: from the south a small kettle pond called Ward's Pond the tiny Willow Pond and the much larger Leverett's Pond.
 Hogback Bridge is a historic Pennsylvania (Petit) truss bridge located in Curwensville Clearfield County Pennsylvania United States. It was built in 1893 by the King Bridge Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Thott Mansion (Danish: Thotts Palæ) is a listed town mansion located on Kongens Nytorv in Copenhagen Denmark. It now houses the French embassy.
 The Elmer Holmes Bobst Library often referred to as Bobst Library or Bobst is the main library at New York University in New York City. Located at 70 Washington Square South between La Guardia Place and the Schwartz pedestrian plaza across from the southeast corner of Washington Square Park it is named after its benefactor Elmer Holmes Bobst who gave 11.5 million dollars towards its ultimate completion and opening on September 12 1973. Mr.
 The Conanicut Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house in Jamestown Rhode Island in the Windmill Hill Historic District.The structure was built in 1786 to replace the original meeting house destroyed by the British prior to the Battle of Rhode Island. The building was added to the National Historic Register in 1973 and is still used during the summer. Jamestown also contains the Old Friends Archeological Site nearby.
 Saint Michael's of Rochester Roman Catholic church located in Rochester New York. Standing at 246 feet (75 m) it is the 10th tallest building in Rochester.
 Bishop Hannington Memorial Church is an Anglican church in the West Blatchington area of Hove in the English city of Brighton and Hove. Built between 1938 and 1939 it commemorates James Hannington First Bishop of East Equatorial Africa who was murdered in Uganda in 1885 on the orders of King Mwanga II while engaged in missionary work. It was built to a design by Sir Edward Maufe.
 St. Mary Staining was a parish church in Oat Lane northeast of St. Paul's Cathedral in the City of London. First recorded in the 12th century it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The People's Plaza (Malay: Plaza Rakyat) is a mixed-use skyscraper complex in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia initiated during the 1990s. However the project which had already commenced construction was stalled due to the 1997 Asian financial crisis and remains abandoned as of May 2013.The project originally designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill was to comprise a 79-story office tower a 46-story condominium a 24-story hotel and a 7-story shopping centre.
 Åsen Church (Norwegian: Åsen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Åsen. The church is part of the Åsen parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church building was constructed in 1904 by the architect O. Røising in the Swiss chalet style. It was built to replace the old church that had burned down in 1902. The present building seats about 400 people.
 Jerusalem Mill Village is a living history museum that spans the 18th through early 20th centuries. One of the oldest and most intact mill villages in the U.S. state of Maryland Jerusalem is located in Harford County along the Little Gunpowder Falls River. It also serves as the headquarters of the Gunpowder Falls State Park. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20 1987.
 The Rio Grande Ranch Headquarters Historic District is a historic one-story residence located near Okay Oklahoma. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places September 9 1992.The ranch was built in the Prairie School architectural style out of sandstone which was mined at a local quarry. The complete site consists of the original residence a smoke house and the spring house.
 The 1201 Walnut Building is a Skyscraper located in Downtown Kansas City Missouri USA built by HNTB Architects in 1991. Found at the intersection of 12th and Walnut streets it is the eighth tallest habitable structure in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area and the twelfth tallest habitable structure in Missouri at 427 feet.
 Tranquille Sanatorium was built in 1907 to treat tuberculosis. A small community known as Tranquille was built around it. The community included gradens houses a farm fire department and more facilities. In 1958 the hospital closed and was reopened in 1959 to treat the mentally ill. It closed permanently in 1983. Today it is uninhabited but is planned for demolition as the surrounding land is converted to a resort.
 Westwood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the community of Jackson Michigan owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States. It opened in 1972 and features three anchor stores: J.C. Penney Walmart and Younkers. It is managed by Rouse Properties a division of General Growth Properties.
 Seven Chimneys also known as the Nicholas Zabriskie House was built between 1745 and 1750 by Nicholas Zabriskie an early Dutch settler in the Hudson Valley.
 Oakland Plantation situated on a bluff overlooking the Cape Fear River in Bladen County North Carolina was built over 200 years ago by General Thomas Brown an American Revolutionary War patriot. It is one of a few houses of its period in North Carolina still being used today.Listed on the National Register of Historic Places Oakland depicts the architecture and skill of the artisans of that period.
 The Upper American Fork Hydroelectric Power Plant Historic District near Highland Utah is a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It includes one contributing building and three contributing structures.It includes the Upper American Fork Dam which is about 110 feet long and 10 feet tall which traps the American Fork River. It includes a pedestrian footbridge.
 The Ganjali Khan Complex (Persian: مجموعه گنجعلیخان ‎ - Majmou-e-yeh Ganjali Khan) is a Safavid-era building complex located in the old center of city of Kerman Iran. The complex is composed of a school a square a caravanserai a bathhouse an Ab Anbar (water reservoir) a mint a mosque and a bazaar.
 The Phillips County Courthouse located at 221 Interocean Ave. in Holyoke Colorado was built in 1935 in Moderne style. It is significant for association with New Deal programs; the Public Works Administration built it and it is the only surviving PWA project in the county.It was designed by Denver architect Eugene G. Groves (1882-1967).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The National Gallery of Modern Art Lagos is a major art gallery in Lagos the largest city of Nigeria. It is a permanent exhibition of the National Gallery of Art a parastatal of the Federal Ministry of Tourism Culture and National Orientation. The gallery is located within the National Arts Theatre at Entrance B.
 The Mount Rose Elementary School at 915 Lander St. in Reno Nevada is a historic Mission/Spanish Revival-style school that was built in 1912 and extended in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.The school is a rare example of Mission Revival style surviving in the Reno area.
 Kalongo Hospital also known as Dr. Ambrosoli Memorial Hospital is a hospital in Northern Uganda. It is a private community hospital serving the town of Kalongo and surrounding areas of Agago District Pader District and parts of Kitgum District.
 Pittsfield Universalist Church is a historic church on N. Main and Easy Streets in Pittsfield Maine.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Van Tassell and Kearney Horse Auction Mart is located in New York New York. The building was constructed in 1903-04 to the designs of Jardine Kent & Jardine in the Beaux-Arts Style. It originally served as a horse auction mart that catered to New York’s elite families including the Vanderbilts and Delanos. According to the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission designation report each Tuesday and Friday Van Tassell & Kearney held auctions in the building.
 The Lafayette Goodbar House is a historic house at 614 Walnut Street in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1915 to a design by local architect Walter A. Rollins it is Newton's finest example of Bungalow style architecture. It is a single story stucco-clad structure with an overhanging gable roof that has exposed rafters. Its windows are arrayed in banks and have small panes.
 Burgruine Groppenstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Church of the Madonna del Terremoto (Madonna of the Earthquake) was built in 1754 in gratitude to the Virgin for her perceived protection after the earthquake of 1693. The Baroque church contained at one time two altarpieces by Giuseppe Bazzani the Adoration by the Shepherds and a Pietà. They are now in the Diocesan museum.
 The Booth Homestead also called the Booth Home Place is located at 8433 Wheeling Township Road in Guernsey County Ohio United States. Named a historic site in 1979 it was built for one of the area's largest landowners.While young James Booth emigrated from England to Coshocton County where he settled in the vicinity of Newcomerstown.
 St. Fidelis Catholic Church commonly known as The Cathedral of the Plains is a Romanesque-style Roman Catholic parish church in Victoria Kansas United States. It will be known as The Basilica of the Plains in June 2014.
 Mount Vernon African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 913 East Calhoun Street in Palestine Texas.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Ernest Hemingway Cottage also known as Windemere was the boyhood summer home of author Ernest Hemingway on Walloon Lake in Michigan.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
 The Lemon Wond Holt House at 3704 Anuhea Street in Honolulu Hawaiʻi belonged to Lemon Wond Holt nicknamed “Rusty” (22 September 1904 – 12 March 1999) one of the last surviving local-born members of the “Stonewall Gang” who frequented Waikiki Beach during the early 1900s.Architecturally the house is significant as one of the first examples of a modestly detailed fantasy picturesque style residence built in Hawaiʻi during the late 1920s and early 1930s.
 The Nathan Hale Homestead is a historic home located at 2299 South Street in Coventry Connecticut. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and was also known as Deacon Richard Hale House.Connecticut Landmarks operates the house a late 18th-century historic house museum.
 The E. B. Cummings House is a historic house at 52 Marcy Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the smallest but best preserved house of those at the corner of Marcy and Edward Streets a fashionable suburban district of Southbridge in the mid to late 19th century. It was built in the 1870s for Edwin B. Cummings co-owner of a hardware store on Main Street.
 Bridlewood Mall is a shopping centre that is located in Scarborough Ontario Canada at 2900 Warden Avenue.
 The Wardlaw-Smith House (also known as the Smith Mansion) is a U.S. historic building in Madison Florida. It is located at 103 North Washington Street. On June 30 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Bought in 1988 by North Florida Community College; the college uses it as a conference center.
 Carroll Park Methodist Episcopal Church is a former Methodist church in Brooklyn New York formerly located at 295 Carroll Street Carroll Gardens Brooklyn New York City. The Victorian Gothic edifice was erected c.1890 and located within the Carroll Gardens historic district. It was reused as Norwegian Methodist Episcopal Church reflecting the large Scandinavian population in Brooklyn between the 1890s and 1949.
 Our Lady Star of the Sea is a Roman Catholic church in Stamford Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Methodist Hospital of Indianapolis is a hospital part of Indiana University Health located in Indianapolis state of Indiana United States. It is the largest hospital in the state of Indiana and one of only two regional Level I Trauma Centers in the state. It has 802-staffed beds and is one of the largest teaching hospitals in the area.The hospital specializes in numerous treatment areas including adult cardiovascular services provided in the new Clarian Cardiovascular Center.
 The St. John's Church at Creagerstown Historic District includes several historic churches and public buildings in a small area including:Creagerstown School Number 2 now the parish house for St. John's Church (1880)St. John's Reformed Church (now vacant) (1834)St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church (1908)↑
 Tranby is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Glebe built betwenn 1858 and 1910. Its boundary streets are named after former residents. Since 1958 the house and grounds have been the main campus of Tranby Aboriginal College.
 The Secwepemc Museum and Heritage Park is located in Kamloops British Columbia. The inside of the museum has four different galleries showcasing the cultural and traditional lives of the Secwepemc People. The Heritage Park consists of a beautiful trail along the South Thompson River which allows visitors to explore a 2000 year old pithouse and an ethnobotanical garden which is filled with traditional Secwepemc plants.
 Fennimore Store is a historic commercial building located at Leipsic Kent County Delaware. It was built between 1840 and 1860 and is a two-story hipped roofed frame structure clad in weatherboard siding. It features a full width porch on two sides. It is representative of mid-19th century commercial vernacular architecture.
 The Warren White House is a historic house at 192 Warren Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1850-54 and is the oldest surviving house on Warren Street once an important thoroughfare between Waltham and Belmont. The house has classic Italianate styling with a symmetrical three-bay facade wide cornerboards and entablature and round-arched gable windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Edificio Jose de Diego in Mayagüez Puerto Rico also known as Rectoría is a historic building on the grounds of the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez. It was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Salem Bear Creek Church Salem Evangelical Lutheran Church (Ellerton Lutheran and German Reformed Church District) is a historic district roughly bounded by Union Road Dayton Germantown Pike and Bear Creek in Moraine Ohio.The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Classic Aircraft Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Started in 1998 the museum is located at the Hillsboro Airport in the Portland metropolitan area. Aircraft at the museum are either maintained in flyable condition or are restored so that they can be flown once again. As of March 2010 there were 15 aircraft in the museum’s collection and Doug Donkel served as museum director.
 The Princeton University Art Museum (PUAM) is the Princeton University's gallery of art located in Princeton New Jersey. Founded in 1882 it now houses over 72000 works of art that range from antiquity to the contemporary period. The Princeton University Art Museum dedicates itself to supporting and enhancing the university’s goals of teaching research and service in fields of art and culture as well as to serving regional communities and visitors from around the world.
 The Winrock Shopping Center was a shopping mall located in Albuquerque New Mexico United States. During its final years the center was anchored by a double-header Dillard's and Bed Bath and Beyond. Currently the mall is being redeveloped as Winrock Town Center which will be an open-air mixed-use complex.
 La Maison de la Magie Robert-Houdin (French for The Robert-Houdin House of Magic) is a museum which faces the Royal Château de Blois. It is located in the Loir-et-Cher département in the Loire Valley in France in the center of the city of Blois. As a museum of France and bearing the official label of Musée de France it is the only public museum in Europe which incorporates in one place collections of magic and a site for permanent performing arts.
 The Church of St Mary in Woolavington Somerset England has 11th-century origins and is a Grade I listed building.There may have been a church on the site prior to the Norman conquest but the present building may have been started around 1154 by Maud and Philip Columber the lords of the manor at that time. In the early 12th century it was granted to Goldcliff Priory in Monmouthshire by its founder Robert de Chandos who was lord of the manor of Woolavington.
 Bridge in Jenner Township is a historic stone arch bridge in Jenner Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 and is a 31-foot-6-inch-long (9.60 m) bridge constructed of rocked faced ashlar. The bridge crosses Roaring Run.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Ginkaku-ji (銀閣寺 lit. Temple of the Silver Pavilion) officially named Jishō-ji (慈照寺 lit. Temple of Shining Mercy) is a Zen temple in the Sakyo ward of Kyoto Japan. It is one of the constructions that represent the Higashiyama Culture of Muromachi period.Ashikaga Yoshimasa initiated plans for creating a retirement villa and gardens as early as 1460; and after his death Yoshimasa would arrange for this property to become a Zen temple.
 California Men's Colony (CMC) is a male-only state prison located northwest of the city of San Luis Obispo San Luis Obispo County California along the central California coast approximately halfway between Los Angeles and San Francisco.
 FM/TV Limża Transmitter - is a 320 Broadcasting Transmitting Centre with the mast 300 m high and for the aerial about the alt. of 20 m built in 2001 by Mostostal Zabrze. Situated in the village Limża on the south-west of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship a four kilometres from Kisielice. A company is an owner of the mast Emitel Sp.z.o.o.
 Westwood United Methodist Church is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 3 1980.
 Beadlam Roman villa is a Roman villa situated on the east bank of the River Riccal in the North Yorkshire district of Ryedale between Helmsley and the village of Beadlam. The Scheduled Ancient Monument is the remains of a large Romano-British farm built in the third and fourth centuries AD. The site was first explored in 1928 when Romano-British tile and pot and tesserae were found.
 The Loerzel Beer Hall also known as The Brewery was built in 1873 at 213 Partition Street in Saugerties NY. It was rehabilitated in 1985. It currently serves as an apartment building.
 The Saeb mausoleum(Persian: آرامگاه صائب‎) is located in Isfahan Iran. The mausoleum is the burial place of Saeb Tabrizi the famous iranian poet of 17th century. His ancestry goes back to Shams Tabrizi Rumi's spiritual instructor. Saeb's father was one of the famous merchants in Tabriz. When Isfahan became the capital city he moved to Isfahan with his family.
 St. Paul United Methodist Church is located in downtown Cedar Rapids Iowa United States. The Louis Sullivan designed building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985.
 St Michael and All Angels Church is a late nineteenth-century church in the settlement of Partridge Green in the parish of West Grinstead in West Sussex. It was built to cater for the then growing population of the village. Ian Nairn in the Sussex volume of The Buildings of England approves of the simplicity of this flint village church and comments that most other counties would have had it much fussier.
 The Sanshinzan Chōhō-ji (長保寺) is a temple of the Tendai sect in Kainan Wakayama Prefecture Japan. It was established by Emperor Ichijō's instruction in 1000.Chōhō-ji's Main Hall Pagoda and Daimon are National Treasure of Japan.
 Toxteth Unitarian Chapel is in Park Road Dingle Liverpool England. Since the 1830s it has been known as The Ancient Chapel of Toxteth. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and continues to be in use as a Unitarian chapel. It is a member of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches the umbrella organisation for British Unitarians.
 John W. Chandler House also known as Mears House is a historic home located at Exmore Northampton County Virginia. It was built in 1889-1890 and is a large two-story frame Queen Anne style dwelling. It features a complex hipped-cross-gabled roof clad in slate shingles; a tower with octagonal roof; a two-story projecting canted bay capped by a closed gable; projecting curved bay crowned by a closed gable with Palladian-style window; and a wrap around porch with Tuscan order columns.
 Holy Name of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Stamford Connecticut United States. Founded on July 19 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Hilston Park is a country house and estate located between the villages of Newcastle and Skenfrith in Monmouthshire Wales close to the border with Herefordshire England. The house and park are situated in the Monnow valley beside the B4347 road 7.9 miles (12.7 km) by road northwest of Monmouth and just over 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Skenfrith.
 Chinatown Square (simplified Chinese: 华埠广场; traditional Chinese: 華埠廣場; pinyin: Huàbùguǎngchǎng) is a two-story outdoor mall located in Chinatown Chicago a mile (1.6 km) from the center of Chicago just North of the main Wentworth Avenue District (the main Chinatown Street). Chinatown Square on 45 acres (180000 m2) of reclaimed land from a former railroad yard houses mostly restaurants retail space boutiques banks clinics beauty shops and a handful of offices.
 The Hospital Clínico Universitario (also named Caracas University Hospital or just El Clínico) is a publicly owned hospital located in the spaces of the Ciudad Universitaria de Caracas part of the Central University of Venezuela located in the The Chaguaramos parish of Libertador Municipality in the District Capital of Venezuela and west of Caracas Metropolitan District and the city of Caracas the north central Venezuela.The idea of creating this institution arose in the year 1943 on the initiative of General Eleazar López Contreras who in the same year ordered start work with the design of the architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva. 
 The Mercer Brown House is a historic home located at Rising Sun Cecil County Maryland United States. It consists of three distinct portions: a two-story three-bay gable-roofed Flemish bond brick part dating to 1746; a three bay wide frame portion of the house dating to the early and late 19th century; and a log pen addition. The house is an example of the Pennsylvania Quaker building tradition in Maryland.
 The Ramp Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Hopewell Township in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It is a 130-foot-long (40 m) Burr Truss arch bridge constructed in 1870. It crosses the Conodoguinet Creek. It is one of 17 historic covered bridges in Adams Cumberland and Perry Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Neu-Ems Castle (German: Burg Neu-Ems or Schloss Glopper) is a medieval castle in Hohenems in the province of Vorarlberg Austria. It was the fortification of the nobility Herren von Ems (Lords of Ems).
 The Basilica of the Uganda Martyrs is a Roman Catholic minor basilica dedicated to the Ugandan Martyrs.
 Basheer Bagh Palace or Bashir Bagh Palace is a palace located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It was constructed by Sir Asman Jah a Paigah noble and Prime Minister of Hyderabad state (1887–1894).
 Belton Court (also known as Ferrin Hall Barrington College Gibson Memorial Building and Peck Mansion) is a historic estate on Middle Highway in Barrington Rhode Island.The building was built as the country home for Frederick Stanhope Peck a businessman and Rhode Island political figure. Barrington College a Christian school owned the building for many years as part of its campus before merging with Gordon College in Massachusetts.
 The Bregu Mosque is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj and it is located in neighbourhood Meraja. It was built by captain Ahmet Gjyli from Ulcinj in 1783 near his own house. It was significantly damaged in the earthquake in 1979 and in 1986 was reconstructed. The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language. By some local scholars is claimed that the mosque is influenced by Wahhabi movements.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot was built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1906. It is located at the south end of the business district in Madison South Dakota. The building is a rectangular single-story brick structure. It housed men's and women's waiting rooms a lunch room (beanery) station agent's office and a freight room.
 Murray County Courthouse in Chatsworth Georgia was built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was designed by Alexander Blair.
 The Riley Lucas Bartholomew House was constructed of sawed lumber. In 1852 when Fort Snelling was greatly reduced in size the area that would become the city of Richfield became available for settlement. General Riley Lucas Bartholomew came to the area and filed a claim on the shores of Wood Lake. He proceeded to build the two-story section of the home with local lumber using white pine for the floors. His wife Fanny and two children joined him in the spring of 1853.
 Temple Emanuel on Pearl Street in Denver Colorado is a building that was built in 1898–1899 and expanded in 1924. In 1957 the synagogue was sold to First Southern Baptist Church and then LovingWay Pentecostal Church in 1977. In 1986 the building was acquired by the city of Denver because of a foreclosure process. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The temple is located in Denver's North Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 Public School 7 is a historic school building located in Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1882 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a three story I shaped masonry building faced with pressed brick and trimmed in sandstone. It consists of a three bay center section flanked by a two window-wide wing on either side. Attached to the original building is a rectangular two story brick and stone annex built in 1907.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 For the chapel in the fields nearby see St Chad's Chapel TushinghamSt Chad's Church Tushingham is located on Chester Road (the A41) in the civil parish of Tushingham cum Grindley Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Malpas the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael Marbury and St Mary Whitewell. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Manhattan Building is a Renaissance Revival office and banking building also known as Empire Building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States designed by Clarence H. Johnston Sr. in 1889. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The exterior consists of Jacobsville Sandstone and pressed brick.
 The Firestone Tyre Factory on the Great West Road in Brentford in the London Borough of Hounslow was an example of Art Deco architecture. It was designed by Wallis Gilbert and Partners for the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company. Built on a 26-acre site it opened in October 1928.
 Calvin A. Buffington House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a two story frame pattern book house built in 1909. Also on the property is a contributing frame garage and slate sidewalk. It was the home of Calvin A. Buffington who patented a folding chair design that he manufactured in Berkshire until 1926.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 All Saints Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on 7th Street East in Duck Lake Saskatchewan Canada. Built in 1896 of wood its steep pitched roof lancet windows and side entrance tower are typical of Gothic Revival churches. The church's historic burying ground contains the graves of many area pioneers.The church is a municipal heritage site as designated by the town of Duck Lake on December 14 1982..
 Chennai Trade Centre is a permanent exhibition complex in Nandambakkam Chennai hosting several trade fairs and conventions round the year. It is the first fair infrastructure that has been developed by India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO)—the premier trade promotion agency of the Government of India Ministry of Commerce and Industry—outside Delhi.
 Dubai Towers Dubai was a four tower complex to be built in the city of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The developer Sama Dubai intended this to form the centrepiece of The Lagoons a megaproject located on Dubai Creek which was to consist of seven islands. The towers have between 57 to 94 stories and although the heights are not known it is believed the tallest would top 400 metres (1310 ft) while two others would rise beyond 300 metres (980 ft).[citation needed].
 Tuckahoe High School is a historic high school located at Eastchester Westchester County New York. It was built in 1930-1931 and is a three-story brick building with Aztec-inspired cast stone trim in the Art Deco style. The front facade is composed of a three-story nine bay central pavilion deeply recessed two-story five bay connecting wings and projecting identical two-story five bay end pavilions.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer (Hebrew: המרכז הרפואי עש חיים שיבא – תל השומר‎) also Tel HaShomer Hospital is a hospital in Israel located in the Tel HaShomer area of Ramat Gan. It is the largest hospital in Israel and in the entire Middle East.
 The East Raleigh-South Park Historic District is the largest African-American neighborhood in Raleigh North Carolina. The district located south and east of downtown Raleigh covers approximately 30 blocks and contains portions of the Smith-Haywood and St. Petersburg neighborhoods. Most homes in these neighborhoods were built between 1900 and 1940 with one-fifth dating back to the 19th century.
 The Meeker Island Lock and Dam (originally known as Lock and Dam No. 2) was the first lock and dam facility built on the Upper Mississippi River. After a construction period lasting eight years the site was only in operation for five years from 1907 to 1912 when the growing interest in hydroelectric power led to design and construction of today's Lock and Dam No. 1 a few miles downriver.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1907 is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1443–1451 North Prospect Avenue in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by noted Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman who designed at least a dozen other Christian Science churches across the country. On March 8 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Lamar Buffalo Ranch was created to preserve one of the last free-roaming bison (buffalo) herds in the United States. The ranch was established in 1907 when 28 bison were moved from Fort Yellowstone to the Lamar Valley in the northeast portion of the park. The herd was maintained as a semi-domesticated source of additional bison the enhance the park's natural herd. The ranch supported bison ranching into the 1950s.
 The Metropolitan District Commission Pumping House is a historic water pumping station adjacent to Spot Pond in the Middlesex Fells Reservation on Woodland Road in Stoneham Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Shepley Rutan and Coolidge and completed in 1906 as part of the Metropolitan District Commission's expansion of water service in the area. It is built of yellow brick with limestone trim. It has quoined corners and features rusticated arched windows.
 West Winds is an historic site at 300 Wakefield Street in West Warwick Rhode Island.The site was built in 1740 and added to the National Historic Register in 1993.
 The Whatcom Museum (housed in the Old City Hall Lightcatcher building and Syre Education Center) was originally built in 1892 as the city hall for the former town of New Whatcom before it was joined with surrounding towns to form Bellingham Washington. The building was designed in a Late Victorian style by Alfred Lee a local architect who used red brick and Chuckanut Sandstone for its construction.
 Poland Presbyterian Church and Cemetery (Poland Historical Chapel and Poland Cemetery) is a historic church and cemetery on IN 42 near Co. Rd. 56S in Poland Indiana.It was built in 1869 and was added to the National Register in 1990.
 Tuckahoe Station is located in the Tuckahoe section of Upper Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 1984. The Cape May Seashore Lines offers excursion trips from Tuckahoe to Richland.
 Steeplegate Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Concord New Hampshire United States. Opened in 1990 it is anchored by two locations of The Bon-Ton along with J. C. Penney Old Navy and Sears. It is managed by Rouse Properties a division of General Growth Properties.
 Lattingtown Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Lattingtown Ulster County New York. The meeting house form building was built about 1810 during the Federal period. It is a two story heavy timber frame structure with queen post and purlin roof framing. It was extensively renovated during the 19th century to add an eclectic blend of Gothic and picturesque-inspired elements.
 The U.S. Bank Tower is a 389ft (119m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1975 and has 26 floors. Minoru Yamasaki & Associates designed the building and it is the 19th tallest in Denver. Its facade is clad in white marble with tinted glass.
 Jackson Tower formerly The Oregon Journal Building is a 12-story 57.3 m (188 ft) glazed terra-cotta historic office building in downtown Portland Oregon. Located on the corner of Broadway and Yamhill Streets it enjoys a prominent location adjacent to Pioneer Courthouse Square.The building was constructed to house the operations of the now-defunct Oregon Journal.
 Healey Asylum (also known as Intown Manor) is an historic building at 81 Ash Street in Lewiston Maine.The asylum was built in 1893. The Healy Asylum (Intown Manor) was originally a well-known orphanage run by Roman Catholic nuns. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Adams House in Carson City Nevada located at 990 N. Minnesota St. is a historic Bungalow/craftsman-style house that was built during 1922-23 by DeWitt Adams for his family. It is a modest building but a good example of a small Bungalow with American Craftsman architecture. Its design is believed to have been a catalog plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The property was listed for sale marketed for use as offices in 2013.
 Dr. Samuel Guthrie House is a historic home located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The home comprises a rectangular two-story five-by-two-bay brick Federal style core building and a rectangular one-story rear wing. The rear wing is in three sections: a section constructed around 1822 an addition from the early 20th century and a third from about 1910.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Candace Allen House is an historic house at 12 Benevolent Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Federal style house was built in 1818-1820 by local architect John Holden Greene and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Buffalo High School  located in Buffalo Iowa United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The first floor of the structure was built by the Buffalo Independent School District as an elementary school in 1900. The second story was added for high school classes in 1928. The high school moved out at a later date and the building continued to be used for school purposes until 1958. It was then used as a community center by the city for many years after that.
 The Henry Ockershausen House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It sits between the Bridge Avenue Historic District and the St. Katherine's Historic District. The Queen Anne style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Makaravank (Armenian: Մակարավանք) is a 10th to 13th century church complex in Achajur Village of Tavush Marz Armenia on the slope of Paitatap Mountain. Though the monastery is no longer used for services the complex is well preserved. There are 4 churches a gavit (vestry) that serves the two largest of the churches and other buildings which served secondary roles.
 Misigisaq Restaurant is a Thai restaurant formerly a Chinese restaurant located at the harbor in the town of Sisimiut in western Greenland. It is the only such restaurant in the country and it uses Greenlandic ingredients cooked in the Chinese style. The restaurant was formally a Chinese restaurant for a few years before the joint-venture went bankrupt in October 2007.
 Cold Spring Harbor Fire District Hook and Ladder Company Building is a historic fire station located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1880 as a harnass shop and adapted in 1896 to house the equipment of the newly formed Cold Spring Harbor fire department. It is a one story wood framed building with a gable roof. It was moved to the rear of the lot on which it is located in 1930.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Marina City is a mixed-use residential/commercial building complex that occupies an entire city block on State Street in Chicago Illinois. It sits on the north bank of the Chicago River in downtown Chicago directly across from the Loop district. The complex consists of two corncob-shaped 587-foot (179 m) 65-story towers which include five-story elevators and physical plant penthouses.
 't Ganzenest was a restaurant located in Rijswijk Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1994-2002.The owner and head chef of 't Ganzenest was Harry Visbeen.The restaurant was formerly located in The Hague at the addresses Groenewegje 75-a and Groenewegje 115. It moved to Rijswijk in 1999.The restaurant closed in 2007 due to financial troubles and the threat of bankruptcy caused by a recession.
 The Santa Maria is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. The building is located in the city's Brickell neighborhood south of Downtown. The building has 51 floors and is 520 feet (160 m) tall. The address is 1643 Brickell Avenue. The building is just a short distance from the Brickell Financial District. The building was completed in 1997 before the most recent major building boom in Miami began.
 Thaddeus Jackson House is a historic house at 15 Alberta Road in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1820 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Shinagawa East One Tower (しながわイーストワンタワー) is a 32-story intelligent building which was built in Konan a redevelopment area of Minato-ku Tokyo. The construction of the building was started in 2000 and completed on 31 March 2003.The main functions of the building are office and retail space for companies restaurants retail establishments and clinics.
 The Kyle Ranch was established by Conrad Kiel in 1875 in what is now North Las Vegas Nevada. Although the proper name would be Kiel Ranch based on the owner's name Kyle is the local spelling. The site is managed by the North Las Vegas park department as the Kyle Ranch Historic Site and is not open to the public. The original adobe structure the oldest standing building in Las Vegas and the Kyle Ranch Cemetery are all that remain after loss of buildings through fire and neglect.
 The Sherman Theater is a non-for-profit concert hall and community theater located on Main Street in downtown Stroudsburg Pennsylvania.
 Immanuel Church Feniscowles is located in the village of Feniscowles near Blackburn Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Florence Crittenton Home is significant for its long association with the development of social and child welfare programs in Charleston and for its statewide leadership in caring for the needs of unmarried mothers and their babies.
 The Sprechers Mill House also known as Salisbury is a historic home located at Williamsport Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story three-bay brick structure set on low fieldstone foundations with a one-story two-bay brick wing also of brick construction. The home features an elaborate main entrance.The Sprechers Mill House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Johnson Manufacturing Company is a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams Massachusetts. The site was used for the production of textiles from its initial construction in 1872 until 1937 when it was sold to the Sprague Electric Company. The Johnson Company was founded in 1850 by Sylvander Johnson Nathaniel Hathaway and Peter Blackinton.
 The Louis J. Adams House is a historic house located in Silverton in Marion County Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.It is a prominent building in Silverton. It is a Craftsman architecture house that is deemed an outstanding example of the style. It is one of three houses in Silverton listed in the same day.
 House at 520 Hostageh Road also known as Lyndhurst is a historic seasonal cottage located at Rock City in Cattaraugus County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Swiss Cottage wood-frame dwelling with hipped roofs and an L-shaped front porch. Also on the property is a contributing gambrel-roofed barn containing the original privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Mrs. Wilkes' Dining Room is a restaurant offering Southern (United States) home cooking in Savannah Georgia. The restaurant was run for several decades by Sema Wilkes from 1943 until her death in 2002. Her family continues to run the restaurant today.Mrs. Wilkes' is noted for its homestyle traditions in which guests are escorted in shifts into the dining room where a variety of dishes are already on the table (no menu; items are selected by the restaurant).
 Roundway Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in the parish of Roundway near Devizes Wiltshire. It was originally called the Wiltshire County Lunatic Asylum and later the Wiltshire County Mental Hospital. It opened in 1851 and closed in 1995.
 Notre Dame Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Taiohae; Cathédrale Notre-Dame des Marquises) is a 20th-century church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae o Tefenuaenata. It is located in the Meau Valley near the capital city on the island of Nuku Hiva.The construction of the cathedral began in 1973 on the site of an earlier 19th-century church by the same name. The new cathedral opened in 1977. It is the largest church on the Marquesas Islands.
 The Vermontville Academy is a building in Vermontville Michigan located on North Main Street. The town's early settlers who came from Vermont and called themselves the Union Colony arrived in the area in 1836 and built the building in 1844. The Vermontville Academical Association operated the building as an academy and chapel. A general store opened on the first floor in 1853 and the structure also served as the town's meeting hall.
 The Chicago St. Paul Minneapolis and Omaha Railroad Passenger Station is a former train station located in Rice Lake Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Jiyu Gakuen Girls' School Myonichikan (自由学園明日館) the House of Tomorrow is the original building complex of Jiyu Gakuen designed by renowned American architect Frank Lloyd Wright.Arata Endo working as an assistant for Wright's project constructing the Imperial Hotel introduced Wright to his acquaintances Yoshikazu and Motoko Hani who founded Jiyu Gakuen.
 St Peter's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Toronto. It is situated close to Bathurst Street in the Mirvish Village area of the city. It is administered by the Paulist Fathers and it is their only presence in Canada.
 The parish of Santuario de San Pedro Bautista (formerly named San Pedro Bautista Parish) is the second oldest church in the Philippines.It is where its Patron Saint San Pedro Bautista lived out his vocation re-energized his missionary calling and prayed for God's people.The parish belongs to the Diocese of Cubao under the Vicariate of San Pedro Bautista. It is also under the care of Order of Friars Minor (OFM aka Franciscans) from the Franciscan Province of San Pedro Bautista.
 The Hillforest Mansion also known as Thomas Gaff House is located at 213 Fifth Street in Aurora Indiana. It is built on a bluff above the Ohio River.Built in 1855 in the Italian Renaissance architectural style the two-story home's design by Isaiah Rogers reflected Gaff's involvement in the shipping industry; its full-width frontal porch is reminiscent of a steamboat's deck.
 The Quilt Museum and Gallery which opened in York on 7 June 2008 is Britain's first museum dedicated to the history of British quilt making and textile arts. The museum was founded and is operated by The Quilters' Guild of the British Isles. The Guild was formed in 1979 and is the national organisation representing quilt makers throughout the country.
 Saigon One Tower is a high-rise building under construction located at 34A Ton Duc Thang Street Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. This tower is invested by Bouygues Batiment International totals approximately $228 million USD. The building will be a 41-storey tower with three functions.The tower covers 6800 square meters of land right on the bank of Saigon River. The tower's construction started in 2007 and was expected to be completed in 2012.
 VietinBank Business Center Office Tower is a skyscraper under construction in Hanoi Vietnam.
 The Royal Park Hotel is a luxury boutique hotel located in the Metro Detroit city of Rochester Michigan. Architect Victor Saroki designed the hotel in a stately English manor house style. The hotel contains the Brookshire restaurant. In addition the hotel ballroom can accommodate conferences for up to 1200 guests and dining for up to 720. It is a member of Carino Hotels & Resorts which operates hotels and resorts primarily in Europe and the Americas.
 The Calumet Hotel in Wasta South Dakota United States—also known as Wasta Hotel or the Wasta Hotel and Meat Market—was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Ezell's Famous Chicken is a Seattle fast food restaurant. The first restaurant was opened on February 3 1984 in Seattle Washington's Central District neighborhood which is still open today. The restaurant chain has 7 other locations in Skyway North Seattle Renton Lynnwood Woodinville Lake City and Kent. In 2006 Ezell's opened a location on the Microsoft campus in Redmond. Ezell's was made famous when talk show host Oprah Winfrey called it her favorite fried chicken.
 The Barr Building is an historic structure located in the Golden Triangle section of Downtown Washington D.C. It was listed on the DC Inventory of Historic Sites in 2012 and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013. The building was designed by Washington architect B. Stanley Simmons in the Gothic Revival style. It was built in 1927. The eleven-story structure rises to a height of 115 feet (35 m).
 The Smithsonian Gardens a division of the Smithsonian Institution is responsible for the landscapes interiorscapes and horticulture-related collections and exhibits which serve as an outdoor extension of the Smithsonian's museums and learning spaces in Washington D.C.
 Hager Building is a historic commercial building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban and built in 1910-1911. It is a five-story three bay by five bay steel frame structure clad in terra cotta in a French Renaissance Revival style. This section of the Hager Building measures 63 feet by 101 feet. The overall dimensions of the building are 240 feet 6 inches by 63 feet.
 Bethel Methodist Church is a National Register property located at 57 Pitt St. It is a different property and a different church than Old Bethel Methodist Church which is located across Calhount St. from Bethel Methodist Church. The half acre lot at the southwest corner of Pitt and Calhoun Streets was purchased by the Methodists in 1795 as a burial ground. However they soon decided to construct a wooden church there called Bethel and the original building was constructed in 1797-1798.
 The Church of St. Mary and All Saints Hawksworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Hawksworth Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
 The New Room (grid reference ST592733) is a historic building in Broadmead Bristol England.It was built in 1739 by John Wesley and is the oldest Methodist chapel in the world. Above the chapel are the rooms in which Wesley and other preachers stayed. The chapel includes a double decker pulpit which was common at the time and an octagonal lantern window to reduce the amount paid in Window tax.
 Burg Dürnstein is a castle near the municipality Neumarkt in Steiermark in the district Murau of the state of Styria in Austria.
 St. Gertrude Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at 311 Franklin Avenue in Vandergrift Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect John T. Comes and built in 1911. It is a basilica plan church in the Italian Romanesque Revival style. The front façade features a central pavilion that slightly projects from two campanilles and a 13-light rose window.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Texas Buddhist Association (TBA) (Chinese: 德州佛教會) is a non-profit nondenominational religious organization committed to providing religious ceremonies and educational programs and serving the community. Not distinguishing between different sects of Buddhism TBA places an emphasis on spreading the right views of the Dharma.
 The Palmer School also known as the District No. 2 Schoolhouse is a historic 19th century one-room schoolhouse at 33 Main Street in Boxford Massachusetts. The simple wood frame building has very minimal Greek Revival styling reflective of its construction date in 1845. The western gable end of the structure has the main door flanked by windows while the long side of the building has seven windows although it previously had only four.
 One Columbus Center is a 366ft (112m) tall skyscraper located at 10 West Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. The cornerstone for the building was laid on October 21 1986 and it was completed the next year. NBBJ designed the building after the post-modern architectural style. One Columbus Center was constructed for $62 million and is the 11th tallest in Columbus. The staggered facade allows for 15 corner offices on every floor.
 Villaggio Mall is a shopping mall located in the Aspire Zone in the west end of Doha the capital city of Qatar.
 Rembrandt Hall is a historic home located at Keeseville in Essex County New York. It was built in 1851 and is a 1 1⁄2-story brick Gothic Revival style cottage. It consists of a central 2-story entrance pavilion flanked by identical bay windows. The interior features a noted rounded central staircase. It was designed by noted architect Isaac G. Perry for Emma Clara Peale Barton wife of Caleb D.
 Troy Savings Bank Music Hall now owned by First Niagara Financial Group is a bank and performance space in Troy Rensselaer County New York U.S.A. The music hall renowned for its acoustics and an Odell concert organ is operated by a not-for-profit organization.
 St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 200 E. Main Street in Newark New Castle County Delaware. The first congregants of the church were Irish immigrants. The church was dedicated on June 24 1883 replacing the previous structure built in the late 1700s after the floor collapsed on Christmas Eve of 1880.
 The Wrentham Village Premium Outlets is an open-air outlet power center owned by the Simon Property Group. It is located off of I-495 and Route 1A in Wrentham Massachusetts. The facility opened in 1997 and was expanded in 1998 1999 and 2000. With 616000 sq ft (57200 m2) and 170 retailers it has been credited as the reason for the downfall of the nearby smaller Worcester Common Outlets which closed in 2006.
 The Episcopal Church of the Redeemer is an historic stone Gothic Revival Episcopal Church in Salmon Idaho. Built in 1902 it was designed by Frank Pollard. On January 12 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.It is still an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Idaho.
 Not to be confused with the town of Canaan Connecticut.Canaan is a village and census-designated place (CDP) within the town of North Canaan in Litchfield County Connecticut. Formerly known as Canaan Depot the village is more commonly known as Canaan Village to distinguish it from the Town of Canaan located to the south of North Canaan. The Canaan Village Historic District is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Key Tower is a skyscraper on Public Square in downtown Cleveland Ohio designed by architect César Pelli. It is the tallest building in both the city of Cleveland and the state of Ohio the 18th tallest building in the United States and the 109th tallest building in the world. The building reaches 57 stories or 947 feet (289 m) to the top of its spire and it can be visible for up to twenty miles (32 km) away.
 The Black River Falls Public Library is located in Black River Falls Wisconsin. It became the first free public library in Wisconsin in 1872. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Nevada State Printing Office at 101 S. Fall St. in Carson City Nevada was built in 1885-86. Also known as the Old State Printing Office it was a work of Reno architect M.J. Curtis.
 Gannett Building is a historic industrial and commercial building located in Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a Classical Revival style structure constructed in 1927 with four major later additions. It was built to house the consolidated offices and newspaper printing facilities for the internationally prominent Gannett Newspapers chain. One of the building's most visible features is a relief sculpture over the entrance of its east side.
 The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame located in Springfield Massachusetts United States honors extraordinary basketball players coaches referees executives and other major contributors to the game of basketball worldwide. First incorporated at Springfield College — the Springfield-based university where James Naismith invented the sport in 1891 —The Basketball Hall of Fame inducted its first class in 1959.
 Horsley Priory was a medieval monastic house in Gloucestershire England. Goda owned an estate at Horsley in 1066.It was granted to Troarn Abbey by Roger de Montgomery before 1086. The original grant was said to provide for a prior a monk and a parish chaplain to reside at Horsley. (fn. 72) From those provisions emerged the cell called Horsley Priory.Troarn Abbey exchanged the priory with Bruton Priory for lands in Normandy in 1260. The prior of Horsley ceased to exist before 1380.
 The Wells Fargo Center is a skyscraper in Jacksonville Florida. Standing 535 feet (163 meters) tall it is the city's second-tallest building. It was formerly known as the Independent Life Building and the Modis Building among other names. It took its current name in 2011 when Wells Fargo signed a deal to move into the building and acquire the naming rights.
 Sampson Theatre is a historic theater building located at Penn Yan in Yates County New York. It was built in 1910 and is a three-story poured in place concrete building. It measures 60 feet wide and 100 feet deep and consists of two sections; a front auditorium section and a rear stage section. Both sections are covered by gambrel roofs. The theater was originally used for vaudeville and as a movie theater.
 The Connecticut Financial Center is the tallest building in New Haven Connecticut and the sixth tallest building in the state. The 383 foot postmodern skyscraper was completed in 1990 and lies adjacent to New Haven City Hall in Downtown New Haven. Among the current tenants of the building are United Illuminating Bank of America Merrill Lynch the U.S. Attorney’s Office U.S. Bankruptcy Court and the Social Security Administration’s Office of Hearings and Appeals.
 The Great Synagogue of Jerusalem (Hebrew: בֵּית הַכְּנֶסֶת הַגָּדוֹל ביְרוּשָׁלַיִם) is located at 56 King George Street Jerusalem Israel. Rabbi Zalman Druck was the spiritual leader from the synagogue's establishment until his death on 11 December 2009. The synagogue's current president is Rabbi Dr. David M. Fuld.
 Ranton Abbey or Ranton Priory was an Augustinian Priory in Ranton Staffordshire England built c.1150 by Robert fitz Noel of Ellenhall. Ranton was dissolved by the Act of 1536. Only the 14th century tower and part of the south wall remain although the cloisters and other parts are known to have still been standing in 1663.
 Museum of the Polish Army (Polish: Muzeum Wojska Polskiego) is a museum in Warsaw documenting the military aspects of the history of Poland. Created in 1920 it occupies a wing of the building of the Polish National Museum as well as several branches in Poland. It's Warsaw's second largest museum and the largest collection of military objects in Poland. The collection illustrates a thousand years of Polish military history - from the 10th century to the Second World War.
 St John the Baptist Church Hartford is in the village of Hartford Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is the Anglican parish church of Hartford and Greenbank. It is in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 The James B. Duke House is located at 1 East 78th Street on the northeast corner at Fifth Avenue in New York City. The house is one of the great extant mansions from Millionaire's Row. James Buchanan Duke was one of the founding partners of American Tobacco Company and the owner of Duke Power.
 St Luke's Church in West Norwood is an Anglican church that worships in a Grade II* listed building in the London Borough of Lambeth.
 The Isaac King House and Barn located near Philomath Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Spencer-Penn School is a historic school complex located at Spencer Henry County Virginia. The original schoolhouse (non-contributing) was built in 1910 and is a three-room frame building. In 1926-1927 a large Colonial Revival-style brick structure was erected as the main school building while the frame building remained in use for a number of years. It features a steeply pitched hip-and-valley roof. Additions to the main building were made in 1948 1961 and 1965.
 Porta Coeli (Gateway to Heaven) Convent church or El Convento de Santo Domingo de Porta Coeli in Spanish is one of the oldest church structures in the western hemisphere located in San Germán Puerto Rico.
 Victorian Corn Cribs are historic agricultural buildings at St. Michael's Talbot County Maryland. The two structures feature elaborate tracery along the eaves and bargeboards and are connected by a low rough shed. They were moved from their original site on the north side of U.S. Route 13 about two miles east of Westover in Somerset County to their present Talbot County site in June 1975.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Thomas Lumb Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 80 Dewey Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of the style in Worcester's Piedmont section with Queen Anne styling. The building follows the typical side hall plan and features porches on the front with turned posts and spindle friezes.
 Bjørnfjell Chapel (Norwegian: Bjørnfjell kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjørnfjell. The church is part of the Bjerkvik parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1952 in the rural Bjørnfjell area just west of the border with Sweden. This area is populated with vacation cabins that are popular with the residents of the city of Narvik.
 The Elizabethton Covered Bridge is a 134-foot (41 m) covered bridge over the Doe River in Elizabethton the county seat of Carter County Tennessee. The Elizabethton Covered Bridge was constructed in 1882 and connects 3rd Street and Hattie Avenue.
 The International Order of Twelve Knights and Daughters of Tabor is a black fraternal organization best known as the sponsor of the Taborian Hospital.Originally founded as the International Order of Twelve in 1846 as an antislavery society the Order was re-organized in 1872 as a fraternal organization in Independence Missouri. The new leader of the group was Moses Dickson a clergymen of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
 Edward Everett Hale House (New Sybaris; The Red House) is a historic house at 2625A Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry Highway in South Kingstown Rhode Island. It was commissioned in 1873 by businessman and historian William B. Weeden and later owned by Edward Everett Hale as a summer home for Hale and his family of artists. The house and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The William Lampman House is located at 147 Grandview Avenue in Catskill New York. The 2.6-acre (11000 m2) site is located on the west side of Catskill Creek which bisects the town. Contactor builder and lumberdealer William E. Lampman built the house around 1891. It is significant as an excellent example of the Second Empire style of architecture in Catskill. It is a three story brick L-shaped house on a stone foundation.
 Gov. John Rutledge House also known as John Rutledge House is a house at 116 Broad Street in Charleston South Carolina. Completed in 1763 by an unknown architect it was the home of John Rutledge a governor of South Carolina and a signer of the U.S. Constitution. John's younger brother Edward was another governor of South Carolina and lived at the Edward Rutledge House at 117 Broad Street.
 Benicia Capitol State Historic Park is a state park in Benicia California. The park is dedicated to California’s third capital building where the California State Legislature convened from February 3 1853 to February 24 1854. It is the only pre-Sacramento capitol that survives. The park includes the Fischer-Hanlon House an early Benicia building that was moved to the property and converted into a home in 1858 after the legislature departed.
 The Butaro Hospital (Kinyarwanda: Ibitaro bya Butaro) is a hospital in the Butaro sector of Burera Northern Province Rwanda.The Butaro Hospital was designed by MASS in cooperation with the Rwandan Ministry of Health and Partners in Health. The construction of the 150-bed hospital begun on December 2008 and was opened on 24 January 2011. The hospital was formerly opened by Rwandan President Paul Kagame and became the first hospital in Burera.
 Mosca's is a Louisiana Creole Italian restaurant in Avondale Louisiana near New Orleans. Operated by the same family since it opened in 1946 it has long been regarded as one of New Orleans' best restaurants known for dishes such as Oysters Mosca crab salad and Chicken a la Grande.
 The Edward Gardner House is a historic house at Zero Gardner Place in Winchester Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house built c. 1764 is one of the oldest buildings in Winchester and is also important for its association with the Gardner family who were early settlers of the area. The main block is five bays wide and only one room deep with a large central chimney. The front entry is framed by half-length sidelight windows and pilasters supporting an entablature.
 The Aga Khan University Hospital (AKUH) in Nairobi is part of the Aga Khan Health Services (AKHS). Established in 1958 the hospital is a 254-bed long-term care facility offering quality general medical services specialist clinics and high-tech diagnostic services.The Hospital receives referrals for specialised medical care and diagnostic services from various hospitals and clinics in the region.
 Hannah Miller House also known as the William Joseph House is a historic home located near Mossy Creek Augusta County Virginia. It was built about 1814 and is a two-story banked stone Continental bank house style dwelling. It sits on a full but not fully excavated basement and has an exterior stone chimney. The interior of the house is absolutely plain and little-altered with a single room on each floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Short's Tavern is a historic tavern at 282 Market Street in Swansea Massachusetts.The tavern was built in 1742 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 Torres Mulieris are two towers of 44 floors each. They are located in the Puerto Madero neighborhood in Buenos Aires Argentina.Developed by Creaurban a unit of the Macri Group the two residential buildings were completed in 2009 and became the fifth-tallest buildings in Argentina.
 The Luxembourg Palace (French: Palais du Luxembourg pronounced: [pa.lɛ dy lyk.sɑ̃.buːʁ]) in the 6th arrondissement of Paris north of the Luxembourg Garden (French: Jardin du Luxembourg) is the seat of the French Senate.The formal Luxembourg Garden (French: Jardin du Luxembourg) presents a 25-hectare green parterre of gravel and lawn populated with statues and provided with large basins of water where children sail model boats.
 Bestwick's Market is a wood-framed false-fronted commercial building located in Alberton Montana United States which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 13 1997. Constructed in 1910 with additions in 1915 and 1925 the building housed Bestwick's Market from 1912 to the late 1950s. The building has housed the Montana Valley Book Store since the 1970s.
 Fore Church (Norwegian: Fore kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Reipå. The church is part of the Fore og Meløy parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1909 and it seats about 450 people.
 Waeseong in Jukseong-ri Gijang is located in Gijang-gun Busan Metropolitan City the Republic of Korea. This is a stone fortress built by the Japanese general Kuroda Nagamasa who was defending this area against the Korean Joseon army in about June 1593 the second year of the Japanese Invasions.
 William Floyd House also known as Nicholl Floyd House and Old Mastic House was a home of William Floyd a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence in Mastic New York. It was his home from 1734 until 1803. This home is distinct from Gen.
 St Mary's Church Portsea is on the oldest church site on Portsea Island with a history stretching back to the 11th century. Archaeological research indicates that there may have been a church there in AD 850.Throughout its history the church has played an important role in the life of the island and especially the local communities of Fratton Landport and Buckland. The current church was built in the 1880s and is a major landmark in the city.
 The DuPont Museum is a historical museum in DuPont Washington.The museum was opened in 1977 in the former DuPont City Hall building. In 1982 a non-profit foundation the DuPont Historical Society was formed to operate the museum. The museum continues to support the 8000 and growing citizens of DuPont and Pierce County.The museum organizes the annual Hudson's Bay Day celebration commemorating the role of the Hudson's Bay Company and Fort Nisqually in local history.
 Fort Ross (Russian: Форт-Росс) originally Fortress Ross (Крѣпость Россъ r Krepostʹ Ross) is a former Russian establishment on the west coast of North America in what is now Sonoma County California in the United States. It was the hub of the southernmost Russian settlements in North America between 1812 to 1842. It has been the subject of archaeological investigation and is a California Historical Landmark a National Historic Landmark and on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St. Barbara is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn located in northern Brooklyn New York City in the Bushwick-Ridgewood neighborhood. The parish was established as a national parish to serve the German Catholic community which later became Italian and then Hispanic by the 1960s.The church was built 1910 to the designs of the architectural firm of Helme and Huberty.
 Fletcher Allen Health Care is an academic medical center located in Burlington Vermont.
 Usually called Bocuse or Paul Bocuse L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges is a restaurant in Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or near Lyon France. The chef is Paul Bocuse.The restaurant is rated as a 3-Michelin-star restaurant but has been accused by some patrons of being dated and relying on the reputation of Paul Bocuse rather than the quality of its food. For some the restaurant run by multiple Meilleur Ouvrier de France it is still the temple of classical French cooking.
 The Sheraton Casablanca Hotel & Towers is a luxury hotel in the Old Medina of Casablanca Morocco and one of the most modern in the city. Operated by Sheraton the hotel as of 2009 has 286 rooms and is a notable business venue. In 2001 the hotel had a reported 306 rooms 32 suites and 4 restaurants so it is clear that several rooms have since been expanded as there are now 286.
 New Hope A.R.P. Church and Session House is a historic Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church building and Session House located near Winnsboro Fairfield County South Carolina. They were built about 1886. The meeting house form church is a one-story weatherboarded frame church. It features a bracketed belfry with bellcast roof gablets and finial surmounts the front-gabled roof.
 The Jose Eusebio Boronda Adobe is a Monterey Colonial style building from 1846 located in Salinas Monterey County California.This was the in-town Spanish Colonial adobe and wood home of José Eusebio Boronda who was the grantee of Rancho Rincon de Sanjon that was located to the northwest of Salinas.
 The ruins of Frýdštejn Castle (German: Burg Friedstein) can be found in the Liberec Region Czech Republic near the town Turnov. It is one of three castles in Jablonec nad Nisou District. A typical rock castle it lies on the upper end of a long sandstone rock ridge next to the village of Frýdštejn (former Zásada). The castle dominates the nearby Jizera river valley and the old trade route from Turnov to the north.
 The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum is an American history museum and hall of fame located at 25 Main Street in Cooperstown New York and operated by private interests. It serves as the central point for the study of the history of baseball in the United States and beyond displays baseball-related artifacts and exhibits and honors those who have excelled in playing managing and serving the sport.
 Cleridge also known as Sunnyside Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Stephenson Clarke County Virginia. The main house was built about 1790 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay Federal style brick dwelling. It has a 2 1/2-story four bay brick addition added in 1882-1883. Also on the property are the contributing brick well structure the frame icehouse/blacksmith shop a frame carriage house the brick-entry aframe poultry house and a farm manager’s house (c. 1815).
 The James Greer Bankhead House also known simply as the Greer Bankhead House and Forest Home is a historic house in Sulligent Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 13 1975. It is the only site listed on the National Register in Lamar County.The Greer Bankhead House was built circa 1850 by James Greer Bankhead. It is an I-house a house-type also known in the South as Plantation Plain. James Greer Bankhead's son John H.
 Normal School for Colored Girls established in Washington D.C. in 1851 as an institution of learning and training for young African-American women especially to train teachers. As Miner Normal School it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Trump Plaza also known as Trump Plaza Residences is the first of two planned apartment complex buildings to be built in Jersey City New Jersey. Trump Plaza Residences is 532 ft tall (162 m) and has 55 floors. It was designed by DeWitt Tishman Architects LLP and was completed in 2008. The building has 1743760 sq ft (162001 m2) of space and 445 units. It is the tallest residential building in New Jersey.
 Jarvis U.S. General Hospital was a military hospital founded in Baltimore Maryland in 1861 at the beginning of the American Civil War for the care of wounded Federal soldiers. The hospital was built on the grounds of Maryland Square the former residence of the Steuart family which had been confiscated by the Federal government at the outbreak of war. The hospital closed at the end of the war.
 Aldersund Church (Norwegian: Aldersund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Haugland. The church is part of the Aldersund parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1971 and it seats about 230 people.
 Winter Haven Hospital is a hospital and health service system based in Winter Haven Florida. The hospital is managed and supported by the Winter Haven Hospital Foundation—a 501(c)3 non-profit organization—and is owned by BayCare Health System a group of 11 not-for-profit hospitals in the Tampa Bay Area.
 Beaumaris Castle located in the town of the same name on the Isle of Anglesey in Wales was built as part of Edward I's campaign to conquer the north of Wales after 1282. Plans were probably first made to construct the castle in 1284 but this was delayed due to lack of funds and work only began in 1295 following the Madog ap Llywelyn uprising. A substantial workforce was employed in the initial years under the direction of James of St. George.
 Orchard Park Shopping Centre is a regional shopping mall in Kelowna British Columbia. It is located on the major provincial highway Harvey Avenue at the intersections of Cooper and Dilworth Road. With over 170 shops and services Orchard Park Shopping Centre is the largest shopping mall between Metro Vancouver and Calgary.
 The National Museum of Taiwan Literature (NMTL; Chinese: 國立臺灣文學館; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Wénxuéguǎn) is a museum located in Tainan City Taiwan. It opened in 2003. The museum researches catalogs preserves and exhibits literary artifacts.
 The Round Barn Washington Township is located near Sciola in rural Montgomery County Iowa. It was built in 1917 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a 24-sided structure that measures 60 feet (18.3 m) around. The barn features red vertical siding a 12-section cupola and a two-pitch sectional roof.
 Entertainment Building (Chinese: 娛樂行) is a building at Queen's Road Central between the two junctions with Wyndham Street and D'Aguilar Street in Central Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. The neo-gothic architecture and height of the building make it distinctive amongst the old office buildings nearby.The 34-storey commercial tower has a total gross floor area of 210000 square feet (20000 m2).
 The Hiroshima Museum of Art (ひろしま美術館 Hiroshima Bijutsukan) is an art museum founded in 1978. It is located in the Hiroshima Central Park in Hiroshima City Japan.
 Burg Mannsberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Bodmiscombe Preceptory was a priory in Devon England.
 Kumamoto Castle (熊本城 Kumamoto-jō) is a hilltop Japanese castle located in Chūō-ku Kumamoto in Kumamoto Prefecture. It was a large and extremely well fortified castle. The castle keep (天守閣 tenshukaku) is a concrete reconstruction built in 1960 but several ancillary wooden buildings remain of the original castle. Kumamoto Castle is considered one of the three premier castles in Japan along with Himeji Castle and Matsumoto Castle.
 The Concord Hicksite Friends Meeting House is located on Negus Road to the east of Colerain Belmont Coungty Ohio. The building was placed on the National Register on 2009-07-23.
 Tilganga Institute of Ophthalmology (TIO) or Tilganga Eye Centre for prevention & control of blindness program in Nepal founded in 1992.
 McBee Baptist Church is located on North Fifth Street near Hwy 151 in McBee South Carolina. It was founded in 1911.
 Simpson's Grove also known as Hudson Farm is a historic home located at Ironshire Worcester County Maryland United States. It was built about 1800 and is a two story five bay double pile Federal-style frame house. A brick dairy stands on the property. The exterior is sided in cypress.Simpson's Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Butler Square is a former warehouse building in Minneapolis Minnesota. The building is located within the Minneapolis warehouse district and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 as having one of the foremost architectural designs in Minneapolis. The architect Harry Wild Jones designed other buildings in Minneapolis such as the Scottish Rite Temple Calvary Baptist Church the Lakewood Cemetery Chapel and the Washburn Park Water Tower.
 Irvine United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Brokenstraw Township Warren County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1837 and is a one-story fieldstone building with a gable roof in the Greek Revival style. It is three bays wide and three bays deep measuring 22 feet by 32 feet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Lowther Store also known as the John A. Hinkle and Son Store is a historic general store located near Wheeler Webster County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 and expanded about 1910. The store is a one-story rectangular wood-frame building with a foundation of field stones and posts. Also on the property are a frame coal house and a storage building located across the roadway.
 Ford City Mall is a shopping center located on the Southwest Side of Chicago in the West Lawn neighborhood at 76th Street and Cicero Avenue. Opened in 1965 Ford City is the largest enclosed mall in Chicago outside of downtown. Anchored by Carson Pirie Scott and JCPenney the mall contains more than 135 stores and restaurants including Applebee’s Bath & Body Works The Children’s Place Footlocker Kay Jewelers Marshall’s Old Navy Victoria’s Secret and 5-7-9.
 The House at 729 Dedham Street is a historic house at 729 Dedham Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 1 1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 and is a rare local example of a Greek Revival cottage. It is five bays wide with its roof line oriented side to side. Below the roof is a wide entablature supported by corner pilasters. The front entry is flanked by half-length sidelight windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Cox-Morton House also known as Home Hall is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built in 1902 for Frank Cox secretary of Republic Coal Co. the West Virginia Colliery Co. and the Carbon Coal Co. He was known in West Virginia as the Great Wildcatter. His daughter Alice Boyd Cox married James Morton of the Morton Coal Co. It is an American Foursquare-style house.
 The Garland Grange Hall in Garland Maine was built in 1891. Historically it served for civic use for a clubhouse and for a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It's an active Grange Hall.
 Muncie Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Muncie Indiana. Opened in 1970 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Sears Carson's and Macy's. It is managed by Simon Property Group.
 The Rotunda is a shopping mall in Baltimore Maryland located near the renowned neighborhoods of Roland Park Hampden and Medfield and near Johns Hopkins University. The mall was developed by Bernard Manekin who converted the 1920s Maryland Casualty Insurance Co. building designed by Otto Simonson into a shopping center in 1971. The mall's centerpiece is a bell tower which chimes the Westminster Quarters.
 Victoria Square is a commercial residential and leisure development in Belfast Northern Ireland developed and built by Multi Development UK over 6 years. At approx 800000 ft² (75000m²) and costing £400m it is the biggest and one of the most expensive property developments ever undertaken in Northern Ireland. It opened on 6 March 2008.
 St. Charles Madras is a non-profit medical center located in Madras Oregon United States. Founded in 1967 as Mountain View Hospital the level IV trauma center has 25 beds. It is the only hospital in Jefferson County and joined the St. Charles Health System in 2013.
 Wells Fargo Place (30 East 7th Street) is an office tower in St. Paul Minnesota. It stands at 471 ft. (144 m.) tall and is currently the tallest building in St. Paul. It was designed by Winsor/Faricy Architects Inc. and WZMH Architects and is 37 stories tall. It is a concrete and steel structure with a facade of brown-colored granite and glass. The granite came from Finland. The building contains 156 underground parking spaces. It was formerly known as The Minnesota World Trade Center.
 Engine Company 26 in the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. USA is a historic firehouse located at 1340 Rhode Island Avenue. The building was listed by the National Register of Historic Places in May 2011. The same Engine Company was located at 2715 22nd St. until 1940 and that building is also listed by the NRHP as Old Engine Company 26 (Washington D.C.).
 Sport Hotel is a four-star resort hotel in Soldeu Andorra. It has 148 rooms. Originally established as a resort village in 1972 Sport Hotel became Soldeu's first 4-star hotel when opened in 1987.
 Old Episcopal Manse is a historic Episcopal manse building on New York State Route 23 Main Street in Prattsville Greene County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a 1 1⁄2-story cross-gable house type with Gothic Revival style features. It features board and batten siding and a steeply pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a carriage house also built about 1845.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The St. Antony's Syro-Malabar Catholic Forane Church is located at Ollur Thrissur city in Kerala India. The church belongs to Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur. According to rough figures there are around 4000 Christian families in the parish. Because of the huge presence of Christian people in Ollur with its religious educational medical social-service and secular organisations and institution Ollur has been called as Chinna Roma (Small Rome).
 The Museo Alameda is the largest Latino museum in the USA and the first formal Smithsonian affiliate outside of Washington D.C. located in the historic Market Square in Downtown San Antonio Texas. In 1996 Secretary I. Michael Heyman of the Smithsonian Institution announced a physical presence of the Smithsonian in San Antonio and gave birth to the Smithsonian's affiliations program. In May of the same year Governor George W.
 Fordcroft Anglo-Saxon cemetery was a place of burial. It is located in the town of Orpington in South East London South-East England. Belonging to the Middle Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.
 Springdale also known as Half Moon Alexander Trimble House Holly Hill and the Dixon House / Farm is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built about 1812 and reached its present form in 1914. The brick dwelling consists of a two-story three-bay pedimented central section flanked by two-story wings. The interior features Federal style decorative details.
 Reading Furnace Historic District is a national historic district located in Warwick Township and East Nantmeal Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 7 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure associated with a former iron furnace and farm. The buildings are the mansion house tenant house barn large shed and three outbuildings. The stone mansion was built in three sections between 1744 and 1936.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Monticello Iowa was built in 1871. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Holgate Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials. Opening on May 19 1971 it replaced the Arleta and Lents branch libraries though the area had been served as early as 1904 with a deposit station in a drug store in Lents. Renovated in 2000 it has 6060 square feet (563 m2) of floor space and can hold up to 30000 volumes.
 In 1842 a small group of faithful Episcopalians gathered and worshipped at the Greene County Courthouse. They organized as the “Greeneville Parish Greene County” and gained admission to the 1848 Convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee. With the support of several visiting clergy they became a formal parish at the diocesan convention in July 1849.The parish constructed the present church building in 1850 modified it in 1894 and further enlarged the structure in 1951.
 The Blackledge River Railroad Bridge is a Warren truss bridge that was built on the site of a circa 1870 railroad bridge. The original bridge was completed and opened by August 3 1877 by the Colchester Railway Company the bridge was part of the 3.59 miles of track from Colchester Connecticut to Turnerville (now known as Amston Connecticut). The line was leased to the Boston & New York Air Line Railroad and reported improvement in 1879 and a new 110-foot long (34 m) iron bridge by 1881.
 Cedarvale also known as Hillsboro Ranch was a dude ranch and working ranch in Carbon County southern Montana United States. The ranch was established about 1903 by prospector Grosvener W. Barry on the South Fork Trail Creek. Barry used the ranch as a home for his family and as a base for his mining ventures all of which failed.
 Cedar Hill also known as Long Farm is a historic home located at Westover Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story T-shaped frame dwelling on a brick foundation. The main section was erected in 1793 and followed a modified hall / parlor plan.
 The Ephrata Cloister or Ephrata Community was a religious community established in 1732 by Johann Conrad Beissel at Ephrata in what is now Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The grounds of the community are now owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and are administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.Marie Kachel Bucher the last surviving resident of the Ephrata Cloister died on July 27 2008 at the age of 98.
 The Church of St. Helena is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Olmstead Avenue at Benedict Avenue Bronx New York City in the Parkchester neighborhood. It was established in 1940 and the church building built in the same year to the designs by the prominent architectural firm of Eggers & Higgins.
 The Museum of Nature and Environment of the Republic of Belarus is a museum in Minsk Belarus. Founded in 1991 at Minsk on the basis of the nature of Belarusian National History and Culture Museum. More than 40 thousand exhibits (1999 was). The exposition area of 350 m². In the 6 thematic rooms (mineralogical fenalagichny nature river lake forest) exhibits tell about the natural riches of the evolution of flora and fauna from antiquity to the present day.
 Sømna Church (Norwegian: Sømna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sømna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vik i Helgeland. The church is part of the Sømna parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church building was built in 1876. It seats about 600 people.
 The Potomac Boat Club is a rowing club on the Potomac River in Washington DC. It was established in 1859 originally as the Potomac Barge Club.The boat club hosts a number of private members as well as the Washington-Lee High School crew team. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991
 Wanborough Grange was a medieval monastic grange in Surrey England. It was owned by Waverley Abbey from 1130 to 1536 at the Dissolution of the Monasteries. The historic barn was built in 1388 and is located between Guildford and Farnham.It was restored in 1997 is owned by Guildford Borough Council and is maintained by the Guildford Museum.
 The Presbytère also known as The Presbytere is an important historical building in New Orleans Louisiana and is located in the French Quarter along Jackson Square adjacent to the St. Louis Cathedral.The Presbytère originally called the Casa Curial (Ecclesiastical House) derives its name from the fact that it was built on the site of the residence or presbytere of the Capuchin monks. While intended to house clergy it was never used as a religious residence.
 The Henry C. Hall House is a historic house at 107 Crescent Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1872-74 by Henry Hall co-owner of a local pharmacy. The house has a mansard roof characteristic of the Second Empire style with a 3-1/2 story tower topped by a truncated hip roof.
 The United States Post Office is a historic post office building located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It was designed and built 1902-1904 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James Knox Taylor. It is a three story brick and limestone structure in the Beaux-Arts style.
 HM Prison The Verne was a Category C men's prison located within the historic Verne Citadel (in Tophill) on the Isle of Portland in Dorset England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is being converted into an Immigration Removal Centre due to open in February 2014.
 Richard Sanger III House is a historic house at 60 Washington Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.The house was built in 1734 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Custom House Tower - now Marriott's Custom House Hotel - is a skyscraper in McKinley Square in the Financial District neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts in the United States. Construction began in the mid-19th century; the tower was added in the 1910s. Standing at 496 ft (151 m) tall the tower is currently Boston's 17th-tallest building.[citation needed]The tower is part of the Custom House District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Chevy Chase Arcade is an historic structure located in the Chevy Chase neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Freer House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1728 and is a 1 1⁄2-story four-bay-wide frame farmers cottage built of coursed fieldstone. It is the oldest extant structure in the City of Poughkeepsie.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 All Saints Church Little Wenham is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Wenham Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position close to Little Wenham Hall about 0.6 miles (1 km) to the northwest of Capel St. Mary.
 The David McEwen House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It dates from c.1798. It includes Dogtrot log cabin architecture.This house is one of five log buildngs built during 1798 to 1800 during the earliest settling of the area which survive to today. Others also NRHP-listed are: the William Ogilvie House the Andrew Crockett House the Daniel McMahan House and the William Boyd House.
 Three Mile Bay Historic District is a national historic district located at Lyme near Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. The district includes six contributing buildings. The four principal buildings are a church its associated parsonage a grange hall and a four room schoolhouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Nurulla Mosque (also spelled Nurullah; Cyrillic: Нурулла́; formerly The Seventh Cathedral Mosque Hay Bazaar Mosque: Tatar Cyrillic: Печән Базары мәчете Latin: Peçän Bazarı mäçete; Russian: Сенная мечеть/Sennaya Bazaar Mosque Yunıs Mosque The Main Mosque The White Mosque etc.) is a mosque in Kazan Russia.
 Downtown also known as Downcity is the central economic political and cultural district of the city of Providence Rhode Island. It is bounded on the east by Canal Street and the Providence River to the north by Smith Street to the west by Interstate 95 and to the south by Henderson Street. I-95 serves as a physical barrier between the city's commercial core and neighborhoods of Federal Hill West End and Upper South Providence.
 Turfland Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Lexington Kentucky United States. Opened in 1967 as the first shopping mall in Lexington the mall closed in 2008.
 Harrieta Plantation is a plantation about 5 mi (8 km) east of McClellanville in Charleston County South Carolina. It is adjacent to the Wedge Plantation and just south of Fairfield Plantation. The plantation house was built around 1807. It is located off US Highway 17 near the Santee River. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1975.
 The Desert Queen Mine was one of the more successful and long-lived mines of the high desert (Colorado Desert) in San Bernardino County California. The abandoned mine is located in Joshua Tree National Park.The mine is associated with Jim McHaney a local cattle rustler and Bill Keys a noted rancher. The mine facilities are largely ruinous.
 The House at 92 Willard Street is a historic house at 92 Willard Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Darent Valley Hospital is a 478 bed acute district general hospital in Dartford Kent England.The hospital has an Emergency Department.The hospital is run by the Dartford & Gravesham NHS Trust with an annual budget of about £121 million and employs 1900 staff.
 The Hooker County Courthouse located on Cleveland Ave. between Railroad and 1st Sts. in Mullen Nebraska is a courthouse building of Hooker County Nebraska. It was built in 1912. It was a work of Grand Island architect Oscar R. Kirschke.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It was deemed significant as a good example of the County Citadel type of courthouse.
 Leka Church (Norwegian: Leka kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leka in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located just south of the village of Leknes. The church is part of the Leka parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was built in 1867 by the architect Knudt Grudt.
 Monmouth Mall an enclosed shopping center in Eatontown New Jersey managed and co-owned by Vornado Realty Trust (with the other half owned by the Kushner Companies) is located on the corner of the intersection of NJ 35 NJ 36 and Wyckoff Road (Route 547). Currently the mall has a gross leasable area of 1500000 sq ft (140000 m2) making it the fourth largest shopping mall in New Jersey (tied with Willowbrook Mall) boasting over 150 shops.
 The Musée des beaux-arts de Tours (English: Museum of Fine Arts of Tours) is located in the bishop's former palace near the cathedral St. Gatien where it has been since 1910. It displays rich and varied collections including that of painting which is one of the first in France both in quality and the diversity of the works presented.
 Carroll Hospital Center is a hospital located in Westminster Maryland United States.
 North East Neighborhood House is a building in the Northeast neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. The building housed a social services organization established in 1915 by Plymouth Church a Minneapolis congregational church. The roots of the organization go back to Immanuel Sunday School established in 1881 near Second Street Northeast and Broadway Street Northeast. The school later built a new building Drummond Hall near Second Street Northeast and 15th Avenue Northeast.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at Common and Jackson Streets in Lawrence Massachusetts. The site on which it as built has been used for religious facilities since 1846 around the time of Lawrence's founding. This simple Gothic Revival stone structure was built in 1852 replacing an earlier wooden chapel and was enlarged in 1892.
 The Gov. Samuel Huntington House is located in Norwich Connecticut. The house was built in 1783 by Samuel Huntington and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 6 1970.
 Castle Rushen (Manx: Cashtal Rosien) is a medieval castle located in the Isle of Man's historic capital Castletown in the south of the island. It towers over the Market Square to the south-east and the harbour to the north-east. The castle is amongst the best examples of medieval castles on the British Isles and is still in use as a court house museum and educational centre.
 Heby Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Park's Gap Bridge is a historic Howe Truss bridge located near Martinsburg at Tomahawk Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1892 and has a span 93 feet (28 m) long and 12 feet (3.7 m) wide over Back Creek. It is a simple span pony truss supported on stone abutments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 St Alban's Church Tattenhall is in the village of Tattenhall Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is combined with that of All Saints Handley. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Królikarnia (English: The Rabbit House) is a historic palace in Warsaw Poland in the classical style as well as a neighborhood in the Mokotów district of Warsaw. A museum dedicated to Polish sculptor and artist Xawery Dunikowski has been located in the palace since 1965.
 IRC Morton Hall is an Immigration Removal Centre located in the village of Morton Hall (near Lincoln) in Lincolnshire England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and was previously a women's prison.
 Mansion House (also referred to as Ellarslie and McCall House) is an historic residence located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The house was built as a summer residence for Henry McCall Sr. of Philadelphia in 1848 and is one of the earliest examples of Italianate architecture in the United States. Since 1978 the building has been home to the Trenton City Museum which features collections of decorative and fine arts.
 Nanjing International Expo Center (Chinese: 南京国际博览中心; pinyin: Nánjīng guójì bólǎn zhōngxīn) is an exposition center and also a landmark in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. It has an exposition area of 120000 square meters. The Expo Center facilities include six exposition pavilions 38 conference rooms (20 conference rooms are in the Conference Center) and a multi-function pavilion and it is capable of hosting exhibitions with over 4500 international standard large-scale exhibition booths.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Freight House is a railroad building in Stillwater Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The predecessor of the Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway was the Stillwater and Hastings Railway which was established in 1880 to connect Stillwater to Hastings Minnesota. The Stillwater and Hastings Railway only completed five miles of track before being acquired by the Chicago Milwaukee and St.
 The Archcathedral Basilica of St. Peter and St. Paul in Poznań is one of the oldest churches in Poland and the oldest Polish cathedral dating from the 10th century. It stands on the island of Ostrów Tumski north-east of the city centre.
 The Duke's Head Hotel is an AA 4 star hotel in the English town of King's Lynn within the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom The hotel has been a grade II listed building since 1 December 1951.
 The Thomas Cook House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Kona Grill Inc. (NASDAQ: KONA) is a company based in Scottsdale Arizona USA that owns and operates 24 restaurants. The newest one opened in Meridian Idaho in October 2013. It was founded in 1997.They serves dishes including steak seafood pasta pizza and sushi.[citation needed]
 Larkin's Hill Farm is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed brick house with a 20th-century wing. In 1683 the estate served as a temporary capital of Maryland. John Larkin an early Quaker settler in the area later operated an inn here as a stopping place on the first regular postal route in Maryland which ran from St. Mary's City to Annapolis.
 HMP Bedford is a Category B men's prison located in the Harpur area of Bedford Bedfordshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Holy Family is a Roman Catholic church in Toronto's west end neighbourhood of Parkdale and within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto. It has been served since 1979 by clergy of the Oratory of St Philip Neri who also run a seminary from the location.
 The Plymouth Meeting Mall is a 952200 square feet (88460 m2) shopping mall located in Plymouth Meeting Pennsylvania approximately 20 miles (32 km) west of Philadelphia.
 Morse House is a historic house located at 6 Pleasant Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is considered a fine example of Gothic Revival architecture in a cottage form. While it suffered an interior fire in 1980 it has retained much of its original wood details.
 Basilica di Santa Maria Assunta (Italian: Basilica Patriarcale di Santa Maria Assunta is the principal church in the town of Aquileia in the Province of Udine and the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia Italy. The original church dated back to the fourth century. The current basilica was built in the eleventh century and rebuilt again in the thirteenth century. It is located on Via Sacra overlooking the Piazza del Capitolo along with the bell tower and baptistery.
 Old Mosque ( Turkish: Eski Cami ) is mosque in Mersin Turkey.
 Watterson House is a Federal rowhouse located at 224 2nd Street Southeast Washington D.C. on Capitol Hill.It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 17 1992.It was named for George Watterston a Librarian of Congress.It was the headquarters of the Cato Institute from 1982 to 1993.It is the headquarters of the National Indian Gaming Association.
 The First Methodist Church of Batavia is a historic building in Batavia Illinois. It functioned as a Methodist church until the 1880s. The building was then converted into the McWayne School Annex which held classes until 1978. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Groton Leatherboard Company is a historic former factory complex at 6 W. Main Street in West Groton Massachusetts. It manufactured leatherboard an artificial leather made by pulping and compressing scrap leather waste paper and wood pulp but went out of business. The structure has since been renovated and adapted into senior housing called RiverCourt Residences.
 The National World War II Museum formerly known as the National D-Day Museum is a museum located in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana at the corner of Andrew Higgins Boulevard and Magazine Street. It focuses on the contribution made by the United States to victory by the Allies in World War II and the Battle of Normandy in particular. It was designated by the U.S.
 The House at 262-264 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts is a rare Georgian Revival house. The two story house was built in 1920 and is a roughly square center entry plan with a wraparound porch. It has a hipped roof and is built of concrete and cast stone building materials that are uncommon in Methuen.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art (MoCCA) is an American not-for-profit arts organization and former museum devoted to the production and history of comic books comic strips and other forms of cartoon art. MoCCA sponsored events ranging from book openings to educational programs in New York City schools; in addition to hosting classes workshops and lectures. MoCCA was perhaps best known for its annual small-press comic convention known as MoCCA Fest first held in 2002.
 The Neighborhood House located in southwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Salangen Church (Norwegian: Salangen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Salangen in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sjøvegan. The church is part of the Salangen parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white concrete and red wood church was built in 1981. The architect Harald Hille designed the church which seats about 420 people.
 Bowieville is an historic home located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is an elegant two-part plantation house of the late Federal style built of brick and covered with stucco. The architectural detail is transitional between the Federal and Greek Revival styles.Bowieville is one of the finest examples of the Federal style in Prince George's County.
 The John S. Honeyman House is a house located in the West End area of downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Belle Air Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County Virginia USA. It is located along State Route 5 a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg. Belle Air is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Indiana University Health Ball Memorial Hospital is the only hospital in the city of Muncie Indiana. It was founded by the Ball Brothers hence the name Ball Memorial Hospital. It is near the campus of Ball State University; however it is affiliated with the Indiana University School of Medicine. The hospital was founded in 1929.
 The Lexington History Center in downtown Lexington Kentucky is located along East Main Street between North Upper and Cheapside. The facility was located in the former Fayette County Courthouse.The Lexington History Center is host to four museums: Lexington History Museum: This museum showcases numerous exhibits regarding Lexington's history and offers numerous programs tailored to all ages.
 The Confederate Monument in Lawrenceburg Kentucky is an 8-foot-tall (2.4 m) figure which was built in 1894 by the Kentucky Women's Monumental Association a predecessor of the United Daughters of the Confederacy an organization founded in that year. Its governing body is the government of Lawrenceburg.It shows a Confederate soldier dressed in a winter coat with a rifle held vertically before him.
 The Constantine the Great Cross will be a large steel profiled cross located on Vinik hill near Niš Serbia. The construction of the cross will begin in 2011 and is estimated to be completed in 2013. The cross is dedicated to the Roman Emperor Constantine the Great and will be the centre piece of the Ecumenical Assembly of Christian Churches in honour of the 1700th anniversary of Constantine's Edict of Milan which the city of Niš will be hosting in 2013.
 The Call Street Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on December 12 1985) located in Starke Florida. It encompasses approximately 120 acres (0.49 km2) and the boundaries are Jefferson Cherry Madison and Temple Streets. It contains 23 historic buildings and 1 structure.
 101 Montgomery is a skyscraper in San Francisco California. The building rises 404 feet (123 meters) in the northern region of San Francisco’s Financial District. It contains 28 floors and was completed in 1984. 101 Montgomery is currently tied with Embarcadero West as the 39th-tallest building in the city. The building's developer was Cahill Contractors. The building has earlier served as the headquarters of Charles Schwab & Company.
 Davis Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Monticello Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story white frame Greek Revival style house with a hipped roof and two mammoth chimneys. It is fronted with a classic gabled portico supported by four square paneled Doric order columns on heavy masonry bases. The house is situated on a high knoll its long drive approach lined with pecan and live oak trees. The house was built by James B.
 The Charing Cross Complex - now styled as Elmbank Gardens (but sometimes popularly referred to as the Charing Cross Tower) is a multi-use commercial complex in the Charing Cross area of Glasgow Scotland. Best known for its signature 14-storey tower which overlooks the M8 motorway and stands directly opposite the Mitchell Library it was designed by Richard Seifert and constructed between 1969 and 1973.
 The National Museum and Art Gallery is at the top of Frederick Street in Port of Spain opposite Memorial Park and just south of the Queen's Park Savannah. It was established in 1892 and was originally called the Royal Victoria Institute. The Museum manages a collection of some 10000 items including a collection of paintings by Michel-Jean Cazabon.
 The Absaroka Mountain Lodge is a historic dude ranch located between Cody Wyoming and Yellowstone National Park in the Absaroka Mountains. The property in Shoshone National Forest was known as the Gunbarrel Lodge when it was established about 1917 by Earl F. Crouch. It received its enduring name in 1925 and was progressively expanded until the 1970s.
 The Maths and Social Sciences Building is a vacant high-rise tower in Manchester England. It was part of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology (UMIST) until that university merged with the Victoria University of Manchester to form the University of Manchester in 2004. It was vacated by the university in 2010 and is awaiting demolition.The MSS Building was built in 1968 as part of the UMIST campus.
 Old Stone Tavern also known as The Nowell House The Bell House and The Old Stone House is a historic home located at Little Creek Kent County Delaware. The main section was built about 1829 and is a two-story five-bay stone Georgian-style structure. It has a gable roof with brick cornice and dormers. A 1 1/2-story brick kitchen wing is attached.
 The Denton Armory is a historic armory located at Denton Caroline County Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick structure with a full basement completed in 1938. It is important for its association with the reorganization and expansion of the National Guard system in the 20th century.The Denton Armory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Oregon Health & Science University Hospital (OHSU Hospital) is a Level I trauma center and teaching hospital in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) the facility has 534 beds. Located on OHSU's Marquam Hill campus south of Downtown Portland the hospital is adjacent to Doernbecher Children's Hospital and a Shriners Hospital for Children. OHSU Hospital is one of only two Level I trauma centers in Oregon.
 Butler Chapel A.M.E. Zion Church is a historic African Methodist church at 407 Oglesby Street in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Western State School and Hospital commonly known as Western Center was a state-run mental hospital and reform school near Canonsburg Pennsylvania. It is best known as an institution serving people with intellectual disabilities. At various times during its existence it was also known as the Pennsylvania Reform School Youth Development Center of Canonsburg and The House of Refuge. Locally it was called Morganza.
 The New Sanno Hotel is located in downtown Tokyo. It offers a swimming pool recreational facilities a Navy Exchange and other services designed for military travelers. The hotel is regulated and controlled by the U.S.–Japan Status of Forces Agreement.
 The Church of St Agatha (grid reference SP086847) is a parish church in the Church of England in Sparkbrook in Birmingham England.
 The Arctic Cathedral formally known as Tromsdalen Church or Tromsøysund Church (Norwegian: Tromsdalen kirke or Tromsøysund kirke) is a church in the city of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. The church is commonly nicknamed the Ishavskatedralen literally The Cathedral of the Arctic Sea or Arctic Cathedral. The church was built in 1965 in the Tromsdalen valley and it is a parish church and not in fact a cathedral as it is commonly called.
 Elm Street Methodist Church is a historic church at 616 5th Ave. S. in Nashville Tennessee.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Dougals Main Post Office in Douglas Wyoming United States was built in 1909 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Douglas was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 The John H. Addams Homestead also known as the Jane Addams Birthplace is located in the Stephenson County village of Cedarville Illinois United States. The homestead property a 5.5-acre (22000 m2) site includes an 1840s era Federal style house a Pennsylvania-style barn and the remains of John H. Addams' mill complex. The house was built in two portions in 1846 and 1854 by Addams; he added some minor additions during the 1870s.
 Baitur Rehman Mosque (House of the Gracious) is located in Silver Spring Maryland in the United States. The mosque was inaugurated by Mirza Tahir Ahmad the late Head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community on 14 October 1994. The mosque is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. An estimated 5000 Ahmadis and guests from across the United States attended the opening ceremony.
 Preston Friary was a friary in Lancashire England.
 The Greenville Carnegie Library is a historic library on the edge of downtown Greenville Ohio United States. A Carnegie library built for the community in the early 20th century the library and an adjacent school building have been designated a historic site because of their landmark architecture.
 The Tower Hotel is located on the northeast corner of Eleventh and Jackson Streets in downtown Anderson Indiana United States.
 Ross E. Householder House is at 431 Spring Street Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1916-23. The house is Bungalow/Craftsman style. The house was built by R. E. Householder. Mr. Householder was a mining engineer who owned his own business of civil and mining engineering from 1919-40. During the 1930s he was the Mohave County Engineer. He did serve in the Arizona Legislature.[citation needed]
 The Jefferson Franklin Jackson House commonly known as the Jackson-Community House is a historic Italianate-style house in Montgomery Alabama. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 21 1978 and to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1984.
 Thomas E. Watson House also known as Hickory Hill was a home of Georgia Populist Party co-founder Thomas E. Watson.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located on Hickory Hill Drive at Lee Street.
 Satyagraha House commonly known as Gandhi House is a museum and guest house located in Johannesburg. The house belonged to Mahatma Gandhi: he lived and worked there between 1908 and 1909. It is registered as part of Johannesburg's historical heritage. Satyagraha means insistence on truth. The house was designed by the architect Hermann Kallenbach for Gandhi and himself.
 The Bridge Cafe is a historic New York City restaurant and bar located at 279 Water Street in the South Street Seaport area of Manhattan. The site was originally home to a grocery and wine and porter bottler opened in 1794 and has been home to a series of drinking and eating establishments. In the nineteenth century the building was described in city directories variously as a grocery a porterhouse or a liquor establishment.
 The Cotton Theatre also known as Regent Theatre and Oster Regent Theatre is a theater located at the corner of 1st Street and Main Street in downtown Cedar Falls Iowa United States. It was named for local Cedar Falls resident Frank Cotton who built the theater in 1909 and 1910.
 Valluvar Kottam (Tamil: வள்ளுவர் கோட்டம்) is a popular monument in Chennai India which is dedicated to the classical Tamil poet philosopher and saint Thiruvalluvar. Valluvar Kottam is located at the intersection of the Kodambakkam High road and the Village road was constructed by M.
 Black Rock Congregational Church is a non-denominational evangelical church located in Fairfield Connecticut. The church was established in 1849 in the Black Rock section of Bridgeport Connecticut and moved to its current site in 1968. Approximately 2000 adults and children attend the church's five weekend services.In 2007 a satellite campus in Stamford Connecticut was established at the site of the former Long Ridge Congregational Church.
 St Chad's Church Over is in the town of Winsford Cheshire England. It was formerly in the separate town of Over but with the growth of Winsford it has become part of that town. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 Toodyay Tavern on Stirling Terrace was originally the Newcastle Hotel in Toodyay Western Australia.It was built in 1862 for Joseph T. Monger on Pensioner Guard lots S8 and S10 first allocated to guards Hackett and Smith. Hackett's (Pensioner) Cottage (fmr) was not demolished as the land was developed and has survived. On the site Monger built a hotel and a steam mill.The hotel was licensed in 1863 as the Newcastle Hotel. In 1870 Monger transferred the licence to J.G. Findell.
 Santacafé is a new American restaurant located in Santa Fe New Mexico in the United States. The restaurant is located in the home formally owned by Jose Manuel Gallegos.
 Burnham Tavern' is a historic tavern on Main Street (now Colonial Way) in Machias Maine.It was built in 1770 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The tavern is operated as the Burnham Tavern Museum by the Hannah Weston Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR). Featuring late 18th period furnishings the house includes artifacts from the Battle of Machias the first naval battle of the American Revolutionary War.
 Symphony Hall is a concert hall located at 301 Massachusetts Avenue in Boston Massachusetts. Designed by McKim Mead and White it was built in 1900 for the Boston Symphony Orchestra which continues to make the hall its home. The hall was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1999.
 Coughlin School is a historic school building located at 1975 Pleasant Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 and was one of nine new grammar schools built in the city during the 1890s. It was designed by Frank Irving Cooper who also designed the similar Osborn Street School along with many other schools throughout New England. The eight room elementary school was named for Dr. John W. Coughlin who served as mayor of Fall River during the early 1890s.
 The Ocean County Mall is a super-regional mall opened in 1976 by Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation located in Toms River New Jersey on Hooper Avenue (County Route 549). The mall is accessible off of Exit 82 of the Garden State Parkway via Route 37 East. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group. The mall has a gross leasable area of 890000 sq ft (83000 m2).The mall is anchored by Boscov's JCPenney Macy's and Sears. It also contains several eateries and a small food court.
 John Holmes House also known as the Cresse-Holmes House is located in the Cape May Court House section of Middle Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was originally thought to be built in 1755 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 12 1979. Later research has shown the date of the oldest part of the house to be 1704 built by John Cresse. The newer portion of the house was built by Robert Morris Holmes son of John Holmes in 1830.
 Shadow Lawn is a historic home located at Chase City Mecklenburg County Virginia. The original section dates to about 1834 with the main Italianate style front section designed by Jacob W. Holt and built in 1869-1870. The house is two stories tall and three bays wide with a cross gable roof. It has a traditional central-passage double-pile plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Wilson's Inheritance is a historic home and farm complex located at Union Bridge Carroll County Maryland United States. The complex includes the 1832-38 farmhouse a bank barn blacksmith shop washhouse smokehouse chicken houses sheds and a privy. The brick house features an L-shaped plan stone foundation gable roof ornamentation and its siting into a slope.Wilson's Inheritance was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Cabot Tower is a tower in Bristol England situated in a public park on Brandon Hill between the city centre Clifton and Hotwells. It was constructed in memory of John Cabot 400 years after he set sail in Matthew from Bristol and landed in what was later to become Canada. The foundation stone was laid on 24 June 1897 and the tower was completed in July 1898. The architect was William Venn Gough and it was built by Love and Waite of Bristol.
 Poplar Lane also known as Ballygomingo is a historic home located near King of Prussia in Upper Merion Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original house was built in 1758 and expanded in 1816 and about 1821. It is a two-story stucco over stone building. It features a portico.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Moscow Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Prescott Arkansas.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Madre del Buon Consiglio (or Basilica dell'Incoronata Madre del Buon Consiglio or Maria del Buon Consiglio) (Italian: Uncrowned Mother of Good Counsel) is a Roman Catholic church in Naples southern Italy. It is located on the hillside leading up to the Capodimonte palace and art museum and is visible from many quarters of the city.
 The church of St Mary-the-Virgin in Horsell is an Anglican church in the Diocese of Guildford. It is located about one mile away from Woking town centre.The current Vicar is Sarah Hayes. The church is a Grade II listed building.
 The Hunt House formerly the Dunham–Hunt Museum is a Registered Historic Place credited as being the oldest brick residence in St. Charles Illinois.
 Birmingham City Council House in Birmingham England is the home of Birmingham City Council. It provides office accommodation for both employed council officers including the Chief Executive and elected council members plus the council chamber Lord Mayor's Suite committee rooms and a large and ornate banqueting suite complete with minstrels' gallery.
 Southill House in Cranmore Somerset England is an early 18th-century manor house. It was given a new facade by John Wood the Younger of Bath in the late 18th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The house is on a site which may have been used for Roman buildings including a hypocaust.The current 18th-century building includes some remaina from a 17th-century building.
 Island Hermitage on (Polgasduwa) Dodanduwa Island Galle District Sri Lanka is a famous Buddhist forest monastery founded by Ven. Nyanatiloka Mahathera in 1911. It has an excellent English and German library. It is a secluded place for Buddhist monks to study and meditate in the Buddhist tradition.The Island Hermitage was the first centre of Theravāda Buddhist study and practice set up by and for Westerners.
 The Shilling–Lamb House also sometimes referred to as Victoria House is located on North Second Street in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a wood frame structure in the Queen Anne architectural style built around 1890. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is unique among Aspen's Queen Anne houses both for its minimal decoration and its corner tower. The name comes from its first two occupants.
 Frederick Cramer House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1877 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick farmhouse in the Gothic Revival style. It is a T shaped residence with a five-bay-wide main section. It features an enclosed 1-story portico at the center entrance. Also on the property are a contributing barn and shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Magic Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in Twin Falls Idaho. The mall opened in 1986 and is named after the Magic Valley region of Idaho. At 413000 square feet and boasting more than 80 shops the Magic Valley Mall soon supplanted the older Blue Lakes Mall as a major shopping location in southern Idaho.
 HM Prison Spring Hill is a Category D men's prison located in the village of Grendon Underwood in Buckinghamshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is jointly managed with HMP Grendon which is situated next to Spring Hill.
 Bremsnes Church (Norwegian: Bremsnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Bremsnes on the eastern coast of the island of Averøya just west of the city of Kristiansund. The church is part of the Bremsnes parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church is a cruciform church that was built in 1771. The church seats about 350 people.
 The Boardman House (circa 1687) also known as the Scotch-Boardman House or the Bennett-Boardman House is a historic house located at 17 Howard Street Saugus Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark.Estimates of the house's history have varied over the years but it is currently believed that the house was constructed circa 1687 for William Boardman. The house was built as two rooms per floor with a central chimney.
 The Henry Williams House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay residence with a 1-story four-bay west wing. The house is representative of the American Picturesque-style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 East Raymond Union Chapel (also known as East Raymond Chapel U.C.C.; East Raymond Community Church) is a historic chapel at 394 Webbs Mills Road in East Raymond Maine.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Cotton Museum located in Memphis Tennessee U.S. is an historical and cultural museum that opened in March 2006 on the former trading floor of the Memphis Cotton Exchange at 65 Union Avenue in downtown Memphis.The mission of the Cotton Museum is to share the story of the cotton industry and its many influences on the daily life arts and the development of the Mid-South region.
 All Saints' Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Briarcliff Manor New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. John David Ogilby whose summer estate and family home in Ireland were the namesakes of Briarcliff Manor founded the church in 1854. The church was built on Ogilby's summer estate in Briarcliff Manor.
 The Marina Torch also known as Dubai Torch or just The Torch is a supertall residential skyscraper at the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower became the tallest residential building in the world in 2011 surpassing Q1 in Gold Coast Australia. The tower reaches 336.1 m (1105 ft) in height with 79 floors above ground.
 1 Gunwharf Quays also known as East Side Plaza Tower or the Gunwharf Tower Building is a Postmodern 101-metre (331 ft) tall residential building with 26 floors located in Gunwharf Quays Portsmouth Hampshire United Kingdom. It is commonly referred to as The Lipstick because of its shape and was successfully completed in 2008.It has at its base a Brasserie Blanc restaurant.
 Đồng Xuân Market (Vietnamese: Chợ Đồng Xuân、𢄂同春) is a market in the center district Hoàn Kiếm of Hanoi Vietnam. Originally built by the French administration in 1889 Đồng Xuân Market has been renovated several times with the latest in 1994 after a fire which almost destroyed the market. Nowadays Đồng Xuân Market is the largest covered market of Hanoi where the wholesale traders sell everything from clothes household goods to foodstuffs.
 The Stockade Historic District is located in the northwest corner of Schenectady New York United States on the banks of the Mohawk River. It is the oldest neighborhood in the city continuously inhabited for over 300 years. Union College first held classes in a building within the district and later it would be one of the termini of an early suspension bridge that was at the time the longest in North America. Elizabeth V.
 The Stagecoach Inn of Chappell Hill (also known as the Stage Coach Inn)is a historic stage coach inn at Main and Chestnut Streets in Chappell Hill Texas. It was built in 1850 by Mary Haller the founder of Chappell Hill. Mary and her husband Jacob the town's first postmaster built the stately 14-room Greek Revival inn along the road from Houston to Austin where some of Texas' first stagecoach lines the Smith and Jones and later the F.P.
 The Bardwell-Ferrant House is a house in the Phillips West neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. It was built in 1883 at 1800 Park Avenue for its first owner Charles Bardwell and its original plan was in the Queen Anne style. In 1890 its second owner Emil Ferrant had the house remodeled in the Moorish Revival style that was popular at the time.
 St. Peter is a historic Great Lakes schooner that shipwrecked in Lake Ontario near Pultneyville in Wayne County New York. She was built in 1873 and measured 135.7 feet in length 26.0 feet in beam and 12.1 feet depth of hold. At the time of her sinking on October 27 1898 her hold was filled with 607 tons of chestnut coal.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Earnest Farms Historic District is a historic district consisting of four historic farms and associated structures near the community of Chuckey in Greene County Tennessee United States. The farms include the Elmwood Farm the Broyles Farm the Crum Farm and the Jim Earnest Farm all of which were initially developed by early pioneer Henry Earnest (1732–1809) and his descendants in the late-18th and 19th centuries.
 The Capital Museum (Chinese: 首都博物馆) is an art museum in Beijing China. It opened in 1981 and moved into its present building in 2006 which houses a large collection of ancient porcelain bronze calligraphy painting jade sculpture and Buddhist statues from imperial China as well as other Asian culturesPart of the museum's collections were formerly housed in the Confucius Temple on Guozijian Road in Beijing.
 MV Westward is an 86-foot (26 m) motor yacht arguably Seattle’s most famous motor yacht originally constructed in 1924 by Ted Geary for inventor Campbell Church Sr. and currently owned by Hugh Reilly. Its home port is Seattle Washington and it is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Westward was modeled after a salmon cannery tender and constructed—around a 1923 Atlas-Imperial diesel engine—at the Martinolich Shipyard on Maury Island near Seattle.
 The Clara Barton National Historic Site which includes the Clara Barton House was established in 1974 to interpret the life of Clara Barton (1821–1912) an American pioneer teacher nurse and humanitarian who was the founder of the American Red Cross. The site is located 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of Washington D.C. in Glen Echo Maryland. The United States National Historic Site protects 9 acres (0.04 km²) of land at her Glen Echo home including the 38-room former residence of Barton.
 Hedges-Robinson-Myers House is a historic home and farm complex located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. The main section of the house is a two story four bay gable roofed section with weatherboard added about 1880 in the Gothic Revival style. The western section of the log house was built about 1750.
 The Mont and Harriet Johnson House at 153 E 400 N in Springville Utah is a Late Victorian style house built in 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included three contributing buildings.It was built for Mont Johnson a successful farmer who was prominent in Springville who in fact was serving as mayor during 1900 to 1902 while the house was built. He later served as treasurer of Utah County.
 One If By Land Two If By Sea is a fine dining restaurant located at 17 Barrow Street (between Seventh Avenue South and West 4th Street) in the West Village of the New York City Manhattan borough. It has been recognized for its classic menu long history and beautiful decor. [1] The restaurant operates inside a historic carriage house built in 1767. It was subsequently purchased by Aaron Burr in 1794 and rumored to be haunted by his ghost.
 Rhinecliff Hotel is a historic hotel located at Rhinecliff Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1855 and is a two- to three story L shaped frame building. It is built into the side of a steep hill and features a two story verandah and cross-gable roof. Also on the property is a contributing carriage shed / garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Ušće Tower (Serbian Cyrillic: Ушће meaning confluence) is a 25-story mixed use skyscraper located at 6 Mihajlo Pupin Boulevard in the Novi Beograd municipality of Belgrade Serbia. It is currently the tallest building in Serbia and the second-tallest freestanding structure in Serbia after the Avala Tower.Built in 1964 the glass building overlooks the confluence Danube and Sava rivers from the New Belgrade side.
 San Joaquin General Hospital is a 196-bed public teaching hospital located within the San Joaquin County area of French Camp California United States. San Joaquin General Hospital funded by San Joaquin County originally established in 1857 is a general acute care facility providing a full range of inpatient services including General Medical/Surgical Care High-Risk Obstetrics and Neonatal Intensive Care Pediatrics and Acute Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.
 Stroud Mansion is a historic home located at Stroudsburg Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1795 and is a 3 1/2-story building with pedimented gable roof and a 2 1/2-story rear wing. The main section measures 50 feet by 40 feet with the rear wing measuring 28 feet by 24 feet 4 inches. It was built by Stroudsburg's founder Jacob Stroud for his son John. It remained in the Stroud family until 1893 although leased for use as a store and as a boarding house.
 Marxim's is a Pizzeria in Budapest Hungary that uses the former Communist society of the country as its theme. The venue has its booths separated by barbed wire which themselves are the color red as is much of the place. On the walls reside various examples of Communist memorabilia and propaganda.
 Shelburne Museum is a museum of art design and Americana located in Shelburne Vermont United States. Over 150000 works are exhibited in 38 exhibition buildings 25 of which are historic and were relocated to the Museum grounds. It is located on 45 acres (18 ha) near Lake Champlain.Impressionist paintings folk art quilts and textiles decorative arts furniture American paintings and an array of 17th- to 20th-century artifacts are on view.
 US Post Office-Kensington is a historic post office building located at Kensington in Brooklyn New York United States. It was built in 1935 and designed by consulting architect Lorimer Rich for the Office of the Supervising Architect. The building is a two story six bay wide brick building in the Colonial Revival style. For much of its history it was painted white.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Pericei Romania completed in the 1769.
 All Hallows Church Clixby is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Clixby about 1 mile (1.6 km) east of the village of Grasby Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the A1084 road between Caistor and Brigg.
 Coventry Hall also known as Oakleigh is a historic home located in South Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in three major phases. The oldest section was built between 1740 and 1760. It is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone structure with a gable roof and cut stone on the front facade. Two additions were made on the east end; the first about 1798 and the second in 1803.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Stedje Church (Norwegian: Stedje kyrkje) is the main parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sogndalsfjøra near the shore of the Sogndalsfjorden. The church is part of the Stedje parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red wooden church which has 600 seats was built in 1867. It was consecrated on 17 December 1867 by the Bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland.
 The Federal Medical Center Devens (FMC Devens) is a United States federal prison in Massachusetts for male inmates requiring specialized or long-term medical or mental health care. It is designated as an administrative facility which means it has inmates from different security classifications from white-collar criminals to mobsters and sex offenders. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 Kingston Presbyterian Church Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It contains fine examples of Victorian-era funerary art especially those in the Beaty family plot. Portions of the cemetery site were first the old Kingston “burying ground” established about 1737 and burials continued until 1909.
 Seclusaval and Windsor Spring is a Greek Revival building built in 1843 in Richmond County Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Tioga Pass Entrance Station is the primary entrance for travelers entering Yosemite National Park from the east on the Tioga Pass Road. Open only during the summer months the entrance station consists of two historical buildings a ranger station and a comfort station built in 1931 and 1934 respectively. Both are rustic stone structures with peeled log roof structures and are examples of the National Park Service rustic style employed at the time by the National Park Service.
 Ford's Store is a historic general store located at Durham in Greene County New York. It was built in 1870 and is a two story commercial building in the Italianate style. The restored storefront is composed of a recessed entry flanked by display windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Confederate State Capitol building in Washington Arkansas was the capital of the Confederate state government of Arkansas during 1863–1865 after Little Rock Arkansas fell to Union forces. It is located within Historic Washington State Park.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and with other sites is part of the Camden Expedition Sites National Historic Landmark. It was declared part of the National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 Bluff Point Graded School No. 3 is a historic school building located near Kilmarnock Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1912-1913 and is a one-story two room balloon frame building. A rear kitchen and bathroomaddition was added in 1937. It features a wide front porch under the roof line.
 Canlis is a fine dining restaurant serving contemporary New American cuisine in Seattle Washington. Situated in the Queen Anne neighborhood the restaurant has views of Gas Works Park and the Cascade Mountains. It was built by Peter Canlis in 1950 and remains family-owned.
 The Jewish Historical Museum (Serbian: Јеврејски историјски музеј Jevrejski istorijski muzej; JHM) is located on Kralja Petra street in the Stari Grad neighborhood of Belgrade situated to the southeast of Kalemegdan near the Museum of Pedagogy. Founded in 1948 the JHM is the only Jewish museum in Serbia. The museum is situated in a building constructed in 1928 for the Sefardic community.
 The Collen C. Campbell House is a historic house at 599 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Cape style cottage was built c. 1920 and is distinctive as the only house of the period to be converted to commercial use without compromising its historic character. The ony significant alteration from its original Arts and Crafts styling is the addition of larger commercial windows flanking the center entry.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Gen. Jacob Brown Mansion is a historic home located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It is a stone house built about 1811.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Rutherford County Courthouse in Murfreesboro Tennessee is a Classical Revival building from 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is one of six remaining Tennessee courthouses dating to before the Civil War.
 Hayes Plantation also known as Hayes Farm is a historic plantation near Edenton North Carolina that belonged to Samuel Johnston (1733–1816) who served as Governor of North Carolina from 1787 to 1789. Johnston became one of the state's first two United States Senators serving from 1789 until 1793 and served later as a judge until retiring in 1803. Samuel Johnston died in 1816 at the Hermitage his home near Williamston in Martin County N.C.
 Westfield Trumbull is one of two shopping malls in Trumbull Connecticut. The mall is a two-story structure located on Main Street (off exit 48 on the Merritt Parkway). Current anchor stores include JCPenney Lord and Taylor Macy's and Target.The first f.y.e. store opened at the mall in 1993.
 The Grafton Post Office in Grafton North Dakota United States is a Colonial Revival building completed in 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as U.S. Post Office-Grafton in 1989.
 The Evolution of Education Museum is situated on Highway #2 South in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada.The school in which the museum is housed was built in 1920 and was finally closed in 1963. This school was originally located 20 miles northeast of Prince Albert and is named after Clayton Smith who was a postmaster. The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated. It has desks a library and many artifacts from school days in early 20th century Saskatchewan.
 The Monastery of Saint Minas is a former Armenian monastery in eastern Turkey. It's a dome-less basilica with columns (very common for Armenian churches constructed in the 19th century). Located at the western edge of Gezköy village of Erzurum province in Turkey now. The village of Gezköy (formerly known as Kes) is about 9 km west of the centre of the city of Erzurum.
 Birmingham Children's Hospital NHS Foundation Trust runs Birmingham Children's Hospital a children's hospital located in Birmingham England. It also provides Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) for the city.It provides general and emergency health care services to children in Birmingham the West Midlands and beyond. It specialises in liver transplantation cardiac neonatal surgery burns treatment renal care and leukeamia research.
 The Wells Fargo Building is an office/bank building in Englewood Colorado. It is owned and operated by Situs Properties. Built into the building is a non-operational digital clock tower.
 The Waters Farm is a historic farm at 53 Waters Road in Sutton Massachusetts. The Georgian style farmhouse was built in 1757 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Waters Farms Preservation maintains the farm. The property features 120 acres (0.49 km2) of protected watershed land donated to the town by Dorothea Waters Moran in 1974. The main house was built in the mid- to late 18th century and was also donated to the town.
 The C. Lewis Harrison House is a historic house at 14 Eliot Memorial Road in Newton Massachusetts. The 1 3/4 story wood frame house was built c. 1915 for Charles Lewis Harrison a Boston lawyer. It is an excellent example of a Craftsman cottage attractively set on a wooded lot overlooking the Commonwealth Country Club.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Forum The Shopping Mall (Chinese: 福临购物中心 Tamil: பாரம் அங்காடி ) is a shopping mall on Singapore's main shopping belt Orchard Road. It was built on the site of the Singapura Forum Hotel.Along the upper stretch of Orchard Road and a five-minute walk from Orchard MRT station the mall is anchored by Toys R Us and Julia Gabriel Centre.
 Welbourne is the main house of what was formerly a large plantation in Loudoun County Virginia. The original core of the house in what is now the south wing was built about 1770. The stone house was two and a half stories tall with three bays one room deep. Some of the original woodwork survives in this section of the house. The house was expanded greatly by John Peyton Dulany around 1830 adding five bays in stuccoed brick connected to the original house by a transverse hall.
 PLACE Built Environment Centre (shortened to PLACE) is a non-profit architecture organisation. Its premises is in Rosemary Street Belfast Northern Ireland. It runs a public programme of events and exhibitions in Belfast Derry/Londonderry and other towns and cities in Northern Ireland. It runs education projects in schools and community participation projects in local neighbourhoods.
 Quindaro Townsite is an archaeological district in the vicinity of North 27th Street and the Missouri Pacific Railroad tracks in Kansas City Kansas. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 2002. The settlement was established by abolitionists in late 1856 with construction starting in 1857. The town was rapidly settled by migrants aided by the New England Emigrant Aid Company who were trying to help secure Kansas as a free territory.
 East Nassau Central School is a historic school building located at East Nassau in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1930 and is a two story steel frame and concrete block building with a brick veneer in the Classical Revival style. It sits upon a raised concrete foundation and has a flat roof concealed behind a low parapet wall with concrete capstones.
 East Parish Burying Ground also known as Centre Street Burying Ground or Centre Street Cemetery is an historic cemetery located at Centre and Cotton streets in the village of Newton Corner in the city of Newton Massachusetts. On December 23 1983 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been called the most important the most evocative and also the most fragile historic site in the city.
 The Benjamin Franklin Jones Cottage (also known as Braemar Cottage) is a cottage on the National Register of Historic Places in Cresson Township Cambria County Pennsylvania United States.In 1990 the mansion was purchased by a group that desired to restore it. In November 2009 a county judge declared the declining property a nuisance and ordered that it be demolished.
 Gorat's Steak House is a restaurant in Omaha Nebraska at 4917 Center Street.It is best known as billionaire Warren Buffett's favorite steakhouse where he annually holds dinners for the largest investors in his company Berkshire Hathaway and entertains business colleagues and CEOs including Michael Eisner Bill Gates and Martha Stewart.Gorat's was founded in 1944 by Louis and Nettie Gorat. It has been one of Omaha's most famous restaurants for the past 60 years.
 Ruine Pflindsberg is a castle in Styria Austria. Around 1250 Philipp of Spanheim the Archbishop-elect of Salzburg occupied the Ausseerland and the Ennstal in Styria. For the coverage of his claim to power he built the small Pflindsberg castle on a hill east of the village Altaussee. 1254 he had to withdrawal and the region returned to Styria. In the following centuries the Pflindsberg castle developed into a regional seignory with the right to hold high justice.
 The Baitul Islam (House of Islam) is a mosque in Vaughan north of Toronto run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) in Canada.It was inaugurated on October 17th 1992 in the presence of the Khalifatul Masih IV and many Members of Parliament.
 Holy Trinity Sloane Street (The Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity with Saint Jude Upper Chelsea sometimes known as Holy Trinity Sloane Square) is a London Anglican parish church built in 1888-90 at the south-eastern side of Sloane Street to a striking Arts & Crafts design by the architect John Dando Sedding at the cost of the 5th Earl Cadogan in whose London estate it lay.
 Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS) is an installation of the United States Air Force Space Command's 45th Space Wing headquartered at nearby Patrick Air Force Base. Located on Cape Canaveral in the state of Florida CCAFS is the primary launch head of America's Eastern Range with four launch pads currently active.
 The Stark Building is a historic commercial building at 416–424 Moody Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1891 by John Stark Jr. the owner of a successful manufacturer of watchmaking tools. It is one of Waltham's few surviving and well-preserved Queen Anne commercial buildings having only received significant alteration to its storefronts.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Centro Cultural Border or Border Cultural Center is an independent cultural space in Colonia Roma that encourages the production formation and awareness of emerging contemporary art with a focus on visual art multimedia and graffiti. The center has a cafeteria library book store and a series of workshops focused on urban art. The library has materials in English and Spanish about illustration graffiti design and contemporary art.
 Christ Church (Episcopal) Shrewsbury is a historic church building at the junction of Broad Street and Sycamore Avenue in Shrewsbury Buildings and structures . It was built in 1769 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Bartlett Building (previously known as the Union Trust Building) is a historic building in downtown Cincinnati Ohio located at 4th & Walnut Street. The 18-story tower was the tallest building in the state for 3 years. As of June 21 2010 the building's power was disconnected and is vacant.The Union Trust Building was dedicated January 1 1901. In 1985 the skyscraper was renamed for its new owners The Bartlett Company. The company sold the building in 2006.
 St Anne's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church on Alcester Street in Digbeth part of the city centre of Birmingham. It was founded by Blessed Cardinal John Henry Newman in 1849. It was moved to a new building in 1884 designed by London architects Albert Vicars and John O'Neill who helped to design St Peter's Cathedral in Belfast.The building is Grade A locally listed.
 The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory (HVO) is a volcano observatory located at Uwekahuna Bluff on the rim of Kīlauea Caldera on the Island of Hawaiʻi. The observatory monitors four active Hawaiian volcanoes: Kīlauea Mauna Loa Hualālai and Haleakalā. Because Kīlauea and Mauna Loa are significantly more active than Hualālai and Haleakalā much of the observatory's research is concentrated on the former two mountains.
 The Bellevue Palace is a five-star luxury hotel located in the Old City of Bern Switzerland. Owned by the Swiss Confederation it is the state's guesthouse for visiting heads of state and government and is host to dozens of members of parliament during the weeks the assembly is in session.
 The Honolulu Museum of Art (formerly Honolulu Academy of Arts) is an art museum in Honolulu in the state of Hawaiʻi. Since its founding in 1922 by Anna Rice Cooke and opening April 8 1927 its collections have grown to more than 50000 works of art.
 Dean-Barstow House is a historic house located at 275 Williams Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1810 for Joseph Dean. The house was constructed from lumber planned and finished at Dean's sawmill located nearby.
 Cline's Church of the United Brethren in Christ also known as Cline's United Methodist Church is a historic Brethren church on Cline's Church Road 0.5 miles south of PA 34 at Menallen Township Adams County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1850 and is a one-story plain rectangular limestone building with a low gable roof. It measures 35 feet wide and 46 feet deep. The interior is a single room with white plastered walls and ceiling.
 FirstMerit Tower also known as the First National Bank Building or the First Central Trust Building is a skyscraper in Akron Ohio that has remained the tallest building in that city since its completion in 1931.The building is art deco in style and is covered in glazed architectural terra-cotta. It sits at the corner of South Main Street and East Mill Street. It rises 27 stories to a height of 330 feet (100 m). The building stands in the Cascade Plaza.
 Wheatlands was an antebellum plantation in Sevier County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The plantation's surviving structures— which include the plantation house a storage shed and smokehouse— have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Adak Army Base and Adak Naval Operating Base on Adak Island is significant for having served as a staging area for the American assaults during World War II on Japanese-held Aleutian Islands of Kiska and Attu.The set of bases was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.Only ruins of the bases survive today.
 The Murphy Army Hospital is a former hospital in Waltham Massachusetts. The hospital grounds now demolished is now home to Gann Academy. During its operation it was also home to a sports team called the Murphy Medics.
 The Hindoostanee Coffee House was the first Indian restaurant in the United Kingdom. It was opened by Sake Dean Mahomed a captain in the British East India Company in George Street London in 1810. It closed a year later for lack of business.
 The Presidio Chapel of San Elizario (La Capilla de San Elcear) was built in 1877 at the same place where an earlier Mexican chapel stood. The building is located in the central square of San Elizario south of El Paso. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is an example of the Spanish Colonial style.
 Pleasant Mount Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a Cumberland Presbyterian church in Columbia Tennessee.The church building was constructed in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Westin Bayshore is a hotel in Vancouver Canada. It overlooks Coal Harbour. The hotel has 510 rooms and is located in two buildings one of which was formerly a low-rise building built in 1961 and one is a newer tower.
 The U.S. Chamber of Commerce Building is an historic Beaux Arts style building located at 1615 H St. NW. in Washington D.C..
 The building of the United States Court of Military Appeals also known as District of Columbia Court of Appeals is an historic building located at 450 E St. Northwest Washington D.C.
 Granger Hall a historic building currently located at 1700 E. 4th St. in National City California was built in 1898 as an acoustically perfect music auditorium addition to a smaller music room in the Paradise Valley estate of Ralph Granger. Granger made a fortune in the Last Chance silver mine in Colorado during the 1890s. The building moved later has also been known as Granger Music Hall.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Butner Medium (FCI Butner Medium) is a medium-security United States federal prison in North Carolina. Part of the Butner Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Butner) it is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite camp that houses minimum-security male inmates.FCC Butner is located near the Research Triangle area of Durham Raleigh and Chapel Hill.
 Robinsons Place Palawan is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Malls the second largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the 31st in the Robinsons mall chain and the first and largest full service mall in the province of Palawan.The 16-hectare mall houses a 300-seat food court al fresco dining outlets fashion boutiques specialty shops banks an amusement center service outlets and cellphone and gadget shops.
 Star Theatre also known as Partridge Hall is a building in Argyle Wisconsin in Lafayette County Wisconsin United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 island6 Arts Center (Chinese:六岛艺术中心) is an artist-run space and creative platform located in Shanghai P.R.C..
 Narrows Plantation House is located in Lake Arthur Louisiana. It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 9 1985.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall was constructed as a memorial to American Civil War soldiers in Peoria Illinois United States in 1909. It was designed by Hewett & Emerson. The Classical Revival hall was dedicated to Joseph B. Greenhut Captain of Company K 82nd Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13 1976.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul head church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia is located at 18th Street and the Benjamin Franklin Parkway on the east side of Logan Circle in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built from 1846-1864 and was designed by Napoleon LeBrun – from original plans by Reverends Mariano Muller and John B. Tornatore – with the dome and Palladian facade designed by John Notman and Rev. John T. Mahoney added after 1850.
 Hospital Sultanah Aminah (HSA) is a government-funded multi-specialty hospital located in Johor Bahru the state capital of Johor Malaysia. It is easily the biggest hospital in Johor as well as the main referral and tertiary health centre for the state. HSA is also one of the busiest hospitals in Malaysia based on patient load. However budget cuts have affected its level of service.Opened in 1882 the hospital overlooks the Tebrau Straits.
 Daniel Supplee Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Starkey in Yates County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1835 and remodeled sometime before 1876. It began as a vernacular L-shaped late Federal / early Greek Revival style farmhouse. The cobblestone house is built of variously colored and irregularly shaped field cobbles.
 Benjamin B. Leas House also known as Shirleysburg Female Seminary Fort Shirley Site and The Rock is a historic home located at Shirleysburg in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1850 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular red brick building five-bays wide and measuring 41 feet by 32 feet. It has a rear kitchen / servant's quarters wing. The house is in the Greek Revival style. The house was built on the site of Fort Shirley originally built in 1755.
 York-Skinner House is a historic home located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame Gothic Revival–style dwelling built in 1866. The current structure incorporated an earlier dwelling built before 1833.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Centre for Interactive Research on Sustainability (CIRS) is located at the University of British Columbia's (UBC) Point Grey Campus in Vancouver. The building is dedicated to research collaboration and outreach on urban sustainability.
 The Main Street-Albertson Street-Park Place Historic District is located in the residential neighborhood just west of US 9 near central Hyde Park New York United States.
 Smart Studios was a recording studio located at 1254 E Washington Ave in Madison Wisconsin. It was set up in 1983 by Butch Vig and Steve Marker to produce local bands.The studio became famous for producing artists such as Killdozer and Sub Pop artists Tad and eventually Nirvana. In fact the version of their song Polly that appears on their album Nevermind was recorded there.
 St. Peter Cathedral is a large Roman Catholic cathedral located on Baraga Avenue in Marquette Michigan. As the mother church of the Diocese of Marquette it is one of the most notable marks of Catholic presence in the Upper Peninsula. The cathedral was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Promenade (formerly Promenade II) is a 691 feet (211 m) tall skyscraper in Midtown Atlanta. It has 40 stories of office space and its construction was completed in 1990. It is currently the seventh-tallest skyscraper in Atlanta.[citation needed]Set just off Peachtree Street on 15th Street it sits on the same block as One Atlantic Center and was only the second major office tower in Midtown.
 The Squirrel Meadow Guard Station is a ranger station in the backcountry of Targhee National Forest in Wyoming. The original facility was established in 1907 with the present structures built in 1934. The log cabin station is an example of a standard US Forest Service backcountry patrol structure.The site comprises a log cabin and an outhouse. A second cabin belonging to the state of Wyoming is nearby and while compatible in design is not included in the historic designation.
 The Taichung City Dadun Cultural Center (also Da Dun Cultural Center Chinese: 臺中市立大墩文化中心; pinyin: Táizhōng Shìlì Dàdūn Wénhuà Zhōngxīn) is a cultural center in West District Taichung Taiwan.
 State Correctional Institution – Cresson is a medium-security all male correctional facility located off U.S. Route 22 about 10 miles west of Altoona along Old Route 22 in the Western part of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. On April 17 2012 a SCI-Pine Grove van crashed near Hollidaysburg PA while carrying 10 inmates and 2 correctional officers.
 The George Hotel is a former coaching inn now hotel in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is situated in the eastern end of the town centre next to The Oracle shopping mall on Yield Hall Lane.
 Sessions Schoolhouse is a historic school in Ionia Michigan.It was built in 1847 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 Beth Israel is a Reform congregation and Jewish synagogue in Portland Oregon United States. The congregation was founded in 1858 while Oregon was still a territory and built its first synagogue in 1859.
 The St. John the Baptist Church in Angoon Alaska is a historic Russian Orthodox Church that was built during 1928-29 after a fire destroyed the previous church of the parish at Killisnoo in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Tăşnad Romania completed in 1476.
 Chester Waterside Station of the Philadelphia Electric Company is a historic power station located at Chester Delaware County Pennsylvania. The original section of the Station building was built in 1916 and consists of the Boiler House with attached Coal Towers Turbine Hall and the Switch House. It is in the Beaux-Arts style. The Turbine Hall Annex addition was built in 1939-1942. Also located on the property is the two-story red brick Machine Shop building.
 St Stephen's Church Westbourne Park is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in London.
 Elmwood is a Federal style house near Shepherdstown West Virginia. Located on land claimed in 1732 by Edward Lucas II it was built in 1797 by his son Edward Lucas III. During the Civil War the house was used as a field hospital. It remained in the Lucas family until 1948.
 The Teddy Bear Museum of Naples was a visitor attraction located in north Naples Florida USA. It opened in 1990 and closed in 2005. It operated as a non-profit organization and received funding from donations as well as profit from museum tickets gift shop sales and Hug Club membership.
 Robsart Hospital is a Victorian style hospital located in the village of Robsart. The hospital opened in 1917 and soon closed in the late 1930s. Since its closure the hospital has sat empty and neglected being one of few surviving rural hospitals of its kind in Canada.
 Mahonia Hall in Salem Oregon United States is the official governor's mansion for Oregon. The building was acquired by the state in 1988 with private donations. It is also known as the T. A. Livesley House or Thomas and Edna Livesley Mansion after its original owners. The house was renamed Mahonia Hall after the scientific name of the Oregon-grape Mahonia aquifolium Oregon's state flower.
 The Al Yaqoub Tower is a 328 m (1076 ft) tall skyscraper under construction along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower topped out in 2010 with the expected completion in 2013. It will have 69 floors.The building design is inspired by Elizabeth Tower (more commonly known as Big Ben) in London. However no clock face is present on Al Yaqoub Tower.
 Jamali Kamali Mosque and Tomb located in the Archeological Village complex in Mehrauli Delhi India comprise two monuments adjacent to each other; one is the mosque and the other is the tomb of two persons with the names Jamali and Kamali. The name Jamali is Urdu though originates from Jamal which means “beauty”.
 The Cowles Center for Dance and the Performing Arts (formerly the Minnesota Shubert Performing Arts and Education Center) is the Twin Cities’ newest arts center and the flagship for dance in Minnesota. Centrally located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota The Cowles Center was developed as an incubation project by Artspace Projects Inc and includes the newly refurbished 500-seat Goodale Theater (formerly The Sam S.
 The Church of Holmen (Danish: Holmens Kirke) is a church in central Copenhagen in Denmark on the street called Holmens Kanal. First built as an anchor forge in 1563 it was converted into a naval church by Christian IV. It is famous for having hosted the wedding between Margrethe II of Denmark current queen of Denmark and Prince Henrik in 1967.
 The Elks Building is a historic building at 1218-1222 Hancock Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Hugh T. Rinehart House (also known as the Ron McCarty House) is a historic house located near Uniopolis in Union Township Auglaize County Ohio United States. A brick structure built in 1861 it was once the home of one of the most prominent citizens of early Auglaize County. It has been designated a historic site because of its high degree of preservation.
 Geneva Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. The armory consists of a long shallow rectangular five-story hip-roofed administration building with an attached 1 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed drill shed. The original section of the administration building was built in 1892 and designed by architect Isaac G. Perry.
 Goodrich School is a historic school building located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It consists of a one story gable roofed rectangular brick building built about 1922 with a one story rectangular hipped roof wing dated to about 1926. On the south side are a series of two additions completed during the 1950s. The building is in the Classical Revival style and features a prominent portico with curved underside supported by six Doric order fluted columns.
 Kučanska Mosque (Bosnian: Kučanska džamija) is a part of the cultural Heritage of Rožaje. It was built in 1830. by the believers of the Kučanska street. It is preserved in its original form unlike some other mosques in Rožaje. The ground on which the mosque is built is given from one of the most influential persons in the history of Rožaje mula Jakup ef. Kardović.
 First Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church located at 202 N 6th Street in Marshall Illinois. Built in 1909 the church was the third built for Marshall's First Congregation which was established in 1841. The Gray Construction Company built the church in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The church has limestone walls laid in alternating smooth and rusticated rows. The asymmetrical entrance features two arches supported by columns with ornamental floral capitals.
 Plaza Indonesia is located in central Jakarta and is often referred to as PI. Plaza Indonesia is the first high end shopping centre in Indonesia which opened its doors in mid-1990.[citation needed]Plaza Indonesia is located on the prominent corner of Jakarta's famous landmark The Selamat Datang (Welcome) Statue.
 3400 International Drive (also known as Intelsat Headquarters) is an office complex in the North Cleveland Park neighborhood of Washington D.C. by the Van Ness metro station designed by the Australian architect John Andrews and built by Gilbane Building Company. Formerly used as the US headquarters of the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization (Intelsat) it is known for its futuristic high-tech architecture.
 Olympia Fields Country Club is a golf club in Olympia Fields Illinois a suburb of Chicago about 25 miles (40 km) south of The Loop. It is a private club with two eighteen-hole courses the North and the South. The North Course is considered one of the top three courses in the Chicago area and is generally ranked in the top 50 courses in the United States. The South Course is regularly ranked in the top ten in Illinois.The club was founded in 1915.
 St. John's Cathedral (Chinese: 聖約翰座堂) officially The Cathedral Church of St. John the Evangelist and located at 4 Garden Road Central is an Anglican cathedral in Hong Kong. It is the Diocesan cathedral of theDiocese of Hong Kong Island and the focus of the Province of Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui (Chinese: 香港聖公會 or SKH; also known as Hong Kong Anglican Church). It also houses the seat of the Archbishop of Hong Kong.The Anglican cathedral is one of the five cathedrals in the city.
 The Wagner Free Institute of Science is a natural history museum located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1855 by William Wagner a merchant philanthropist and gentleman scientist of the time who sought to offer free educational courses to all who would seek to learn about the natural world. Wagner began offering free lectures on science at his home Elm Grove a colonial farm estate on the outskirts of Philadelphia in 1847.
 The Montreal Masonic Memorial Temple is an historic masonic temple in Montreal Quebec Canada on the corner of Sherbrooke Street and St-Marc Street in the Golden Square Mile district. Dedicated and officially opened June February 12 1930 it was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2001 as an example of one of Canada’s most elegant buildings in the Beaux-Arts style.
 The Heidelberg Centre is the home of the School of Graphic Communications Management at Ryerson University in Toronto Canada.The 4-storey building at 125 Bond Street cost $10.61 million to build and was designed by Moffat Kinoshita Architects.
 The Lawyers Building is an office building located at 137 Cadillac Square in downtown Detroit Michigan. It is also known as the American Title Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Augustinian Academy was founded on May 30 1899 in conjunction with the new parish of Our Lady of Good Counsel both by the Augustinian Friars. The buildings were erected by the Visitation Nuns and were purchased and altered by the Augustinians for educational purposed. The academy buildings were dedicated by Cardinal Martinelli on September 10 1899 and officially opened on September 13 1899.
 Diamantina Health Partners is Queensland’s first Academic Health Science Centre (AHSC) bringing together the state’s leading hospitals and universities to improve care for patients in the community.Diamantina Health Partners unites eight of Queensland’s top hospitals universities and research institutes: Princess Alexandra Hospital Mater Health Services Translational Research Institute The University of Queensland Queensland University of Technology Metro South Addiction and Mental Health Services UQ Health Care Inala Indigenous Health ServiceCombined the partner organisations treat one million patients per year educate 100000 students per year including some 8000 in health sciences and expend over $3 billion on their objectives including over $300 million on research.That means better and faster treatments for some of the community’s most devastating diseases and conditions.By bringing together scientists educators clinicians and the community Diamantina Health Partners aims to improve the health of the population by taking the discoveries made in biomedical research labs and translating them directly to patient care.Diamantina Health Partners is based on the internationally recognised Academic Health Science Centre ‘tripartite’ model which aspires to combine patient care education and research.
 Nysø Manor located near Præstø in the southeast of the Danish island of Sealand was built in 1673 for Jens Lauridsen a local functionary.
 The Myślewicki Palace (Polish: Pałac Myślewicki) is a rococo-neoclassical palace in Warsaw's Royal Baths Park. It was created for king Stanisław August Poniatowski as one of the first buildings in the Royal Baths. Its name derives from the nearby now non-existent village Myślewice.
 The Moeszinger-Marquis Hardware Co. is an historic building located in Clinton Iowa United States. The three-story brick warehouse building was an addition to the original building to the north which has subsequently been demolished. Clinton architect Josiah L. Rice designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The C.E. Armstrong and Company which was a wholesaler of hardware plumbing heating and mill supplies occupied the building in 1932.
 Fairview Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Main Street in Westford Massachusetts. This cemetery is located on Main Street at the corner of Tadmuck Road. It was originally called East Burying Ground and Snow Cemetery. The oldest tombstone dates to 1702 making it one of the town's oldest cemeteries.
 The Brewery Art Colony located in Los Angeles has been called the largest live-and-work artists' colony in the world. The compound sits on twenty-one former warehouses – with an old Edison power plant chimney dating to 1903 – house work studios living lofts restaurants and galleries. The Brewery is home to practitioners of a variety of artistic mediums from painting sculpture and photography to industrial design architecture and experimental new media.
 Allegheny Post Office also known as Old North Post Office The Landmarks Museum is a building built in 1897 in the Allegheny City area that is now within Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is located in Pittsburgh's North Side.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.In 1983 the post office building became the first home of the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh.
 The Philippi Covered Bridge on the Tygart River is the main local landmark and historical icon of Philippi West Virginia USA. The celebrated bridge was commissioned by the General Assembly of Virginia and constructed in 1852 by Lemuel Chenoweth a well-known Appalachian bridge builder to provide a link on an important segment of the vital Beverly-Fairmont Turnpike between Beverly (Chenoweth's hometown) and Fairmont.
 The Total Museum of Contemporary Art (TMCA) is a non-profit museum in Seoul South Korea. The museum previously named the Total Outdoor Museum was the first private art institute in South Korea.
 The Wick is a house in Richmond Greater London located at the corner of Nightingale Lane and Richmond Hill in Surrey. The house was at one time owned by actor Sir John Mills who used it as his family home for many years. Ronnie Wood of The Rolling Stones bought the house from Mills in June 1971. The house is currently owned by Pete Townshend principal songwriter and musician of The Who.
 {Cathedral of Przemyśl not to be confused with the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist Przemyśl|Cathedral of Przemyśl not to be confused with the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist PrzemyślThe Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. John the Baptist in Przemysl (Polish: Bazylika archikatedralna Wniebowzięcia Najświętszej Maryi Panny i św. Jana Chrzciciela w Przemyślu) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Przemyśl Poland. It is the main church of the Archdiocese of Przemyśl located on the Cathedral Square.}
 The Hancock House is an historic structure in Ticonderoga New York. It is a replica of the Hancock Manor on Boston's Beacon Hill that was the residence of Thomas Hancock the uncle of John Hancock.The Hancock House was built by philanthropist Horace A. Moses for the New York State Historical Association as a repository for American Traditions in History and the Fine Arts; the Association used it as its Headquarters House until after World War II.
 John Sullivan House was the Durham New Hampshire home of American Revolutionary War General John Sullivan who later became President (the position now called Governor) of New Hampshire.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1972.
 Hart House also known as Hart Residence is a historic home located at Burlingham in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1825 and is a narrow rectangular 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame building with clapboard siding on a slightly raised stone foundation. It measures approximately 42 feet by 21 feet. Also on the property are three seasonal cottages dating to the early 20th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Chappell Hill Public School and Chappell Hill Female College Bell is a historic school on Poplar Street in Chappell Hill Texas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Windham Center Historic District is a 205-acre (83 ha) area in the town of Windham Connecticut that is designated as a historic district. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Yeghrdut monastery (Armenian: Եղրդուտի վանք Yeghrduti vank) was an Armenian monastery in the western part of Muş province of modern Turkey approximately 22 km northwest of Muş city.
 The Lloyd Center Tower is an 88 meter (290 foot) tall office tower in the Lloyd District of Portland Oregon. At 20 stories it is the tallest building in Oregon outside of downtown Portland.It was designed by John Graham & Associates and was completed in 1981. Companies who have occupied the tower include Durst Buildings Corp. who sold the tower to PacifiCorp in 1994. PacifiCorp sold the 50% of the office space in the tower in 1995 to Ashforth Pacific Inc.
 Ponckhockie Union Chapel is a historic chapel at 91 Abruyn Street in Kingston New York.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Jetavanaramaya (Sinhala:ජේතවනාරාමය) is a stupa located in the ruins of Jetavana Monastery in the sacred world heritage city of Anuradhapura Sri Lanka. King Mahasena (273–301 AD) initiated the construction of the stupa following the destruction of Mahavihara. His son Maghavanna I completed the construction of the stupa. A part of a sash or belt tied by the Buddha is believed to be the relic that is enshrined here.
 The Miriam Hospital is a private not-for-profit hospital at 164 Summit Avenue in Providence in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It is a major teaching affiliate of the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University.
 Stockholm United Methodist Church (Bethel Methodist Episcopal Church of Snufftown) is a historic church on County Route 515 in the Stockholm section of Hardyston Township in Sussex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Research Institute for Tropical Medicine (RITM) was conceptualized through the Philippine Executive Order (EO) 674 authorizing the Philippine Department of Health to establish a research facility within the country for health advancement and medical research. Through the efforts of the Government of Japan the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) provided partial financial grant to the agency in the construction of the RITM.
 York Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust is a National Health Service teaching hospital in York England. The York Hospital NHS Foundation Trust was established on 1 April 2007.The York Hospital was renamed York Teaching Hospital in 2010 following its links with Hull York Medical School (HYMS).In October 2010 Scarborough General Hospital approached York Hospital seeking assistance due to their financial misfortunes.
 Mialoquo (also Malaquo Big Island or Great Island) is a prehistoric and historic Native American site in Monroe County Tennessee in the southeastern United States. The site saw significant periods of occupation during the Mississippian period (c. 1000-1600 AD) and later as a Cherokee refugee village.
 Potter's Mill is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment located in Bellevue Iowa. The structure was formerly a gristmill being the oldest in the state of Iowa and as such it has earned national recognition. Potter's Mill is on the National Register of Historic Places as well as being named a point of interest in the Silos & Smokestacks National Heritage Area.
 Blessed Trinity Roman Catholic Church Buildings is a historic Romanesque revival Roman Catholic church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The complex consists of the church church-school building (constructed 1906-07) and parish house (constructed 1914). The church was constructed 1923-28 and is considered the purest replication of 12th century Lombard-Romanesque architecture in the United States.
 The Age of Sail Heritage Centre (also known as the Age of Sail Heritage Museum) is a museum and heritage centre at Port Greville Nova Scotia Canada. It focuses on the history of Parrsboro Shore communities along the Minas Channel of the Bay of Fundy with an emphasis on the area's shipbuilding and lumbering heritage.
 Alexander Watson Batte House also known as The Old Place is a historic home located at Jarratt Greensville County Virginia. It was built between 1815 and 1835 and is a 1 1/2-story hall-parlor house built on a fieldstone foundation. It features massive fieldstone chimneys flanking the gable roofed dwelling. Also on the property is a contributing 19th century barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Roslindale Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church at 25 Cummins Highway at the corner of Summer Avenue in the Roslindale neighborhood of Boston.The Shingle-Romanesque style church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Husvær Chapel (Norwegian: Husvær bedehuskapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the Husvær island group. The church is part of the Herøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1936 and it seats about 80 people.
 The Dorough Round Barn and Farm near Hickory Level Georgia is a 196-acre (79 ha) property that includes a round barn and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The listing included five contributing buildings and another contributing structure.
 Hays-Gerrard House is a historic home located at Gerrardstown Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1743 and is a two story three bay wide limestone dwelling. It measures 16 feet by 27 feet and has a steeply pitched gable roof. The property was the site of the first Baptist church in the area and home to Rev. John Gerrard first Baptist minister west of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 James Weimer House is a historic home located at St. Albans Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1917 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with Classical Revival and Colonial Revival style detailing. It has a gambrel roof with original red clay tiles and dormers. It features a one story porch running the width of the house and continuing a short distance along the side.
 Monkton Borough Baptist Church also known as Florona Grange No. 540 Hall is a historic church in Monkton Vermont.It was built in 1811 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The West Coast Woods Model Home located in north Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Valsøyfjord Church (Norwegian: Valsøyfjord kyrkje; historically: Otnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Valsøyfjord. The church is part of the Valsøyfjord parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1864 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 300 people.
 Five Points Plaza also known as 40 Marietta Street and formerly known as First Federal Building is a 17 storey 73 m (240 ft) office building skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. The building was constructed in 1964 to house headquarters of the First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Atlanta.
 *Not to be confused with another Beechwood Hall in Tennessee that was located on the Mississippi River.The H. G. W. Mayberry House also known as Beechwood Hall is a historic Antebellum plantation house built in 1856. It is located in Franklin Tennessee.
 Walnut Grove also known as the Robert Preston House is a historic plantation home located just outside Bristol in Washington County Virginia. It was built about 1815 and is a two-story Georgian style timber frame dwelling covered with wood weatherboard. The house has a gable roof and has a one-story full width porch. The Grove was built on the Walnut Grove property in 1857.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Albertina is a museum in the Innere Stadt (First District) of Vienna Austria. It houses one of the largest and most important print rooms in the world with approximately 65000 drawings and approximately 1 million old master prints as well as more modern graphic works photographs and architectural drawings.
 Jerusalem Church in Rigensgade in central Copenhagen is the main church of the Methodist community in Denmark.
 The Baldwin House also known as the Loammi Baldwin Mansion is a fine Colonial American mansion located at 2 Alfred Street in Woburn Massachusetts. On October 7 1971 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.It is currently a restaurant called Sichuan Garden.[citation needed] There was debate about using the property as a restaurant but ultimately the plans were approved as being sufficiently respectful of the historical nature of the site.
 Brown's Restaurant (grid reference ST580732) is on Queens Street Bristol England. It is currently occupied by the restaurant chain of the same name Browns Restaurants.It was built between 1867 and 1871 by Foster and Archibald Ponton. It was constructed with yellow brick with red brick decoration and limestone dressings and has a pantile hipped roof.
 Sydenstricker School also known as Pohick School #8 and Upper Pohick Community League Hall (since 1948) is a historic one-room school located at Springfield Fairfax County Virginia. It was built in 1928 and is a one-story front-gabled structure covered in weatherboard painted red with white trim and topped with a metal roof.
 The Goodnow House is an historic 2-story stone house located at 2301 Claflin Road in Manhattan Kansas United States. It was built in 1857 in the Plains Vernancular style. From 1859 Isaac Goodnow and his wife Ellen lived in the house until Isaac's death in 1894. Goodnow was an abolitionist and co-founder of both Kansas State University and Manhattan.
 Coopersburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Coopersburg Lehigh County Pennsylvania. The district includes 175 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Coopersburg. The buildings are in a variety of architectural styles including Colonial Revival Queen Anne and Federal styles.
 Spire is a 453ft (138m) tall skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It was built from 2004 to 2005 on the site of the former Atlanta Cabana Motel. It has 28 floors and is tied with the Equitable Building as the 21st tallest building in the city and has 392 units.
 The Times Tower also known as the New Central Bank Tower is an office tower in Nairobi Kenya. At 140 m it is the tallest tower in East and Central Africa earning the title in May 2000. With 38 floors along with a 7-storey banking complex and an 11-split storey car park it is served by 10 elevators.
 The Skagit River Hydroelectric Project is a series of dams with hydroelectric power-generating stations on the Skagit River in northern Washington State. The project is owned and operated by Seattle City Light to provide electric power for the City of Seattle and surrounding communities.
 Fort Vieux Logis was a small British frontier fort built at present-day Hortonville Nova Scotia Canada (formerly part of Grand Pre)in 1749 during Father Le Loutre's War (1749). Ranger John Gorham moved a blockhouse he erected in Annapolis Royal in 1744 to the site of Vieux Logis. The fort was in use until 1754.
 The Arrand Block is a historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building was built by James and Walter T. Arrand owners of the James and Walter T. Arrand Contractors' Company; Arrand Construction Company intended to use two of the apartments as their homes. Original features of the building include two story apartments with sky lights on the top floor. The building was designated a heritage property on April 10 1989.
 Olean General Hospital is a 186 bed hospital located in OleanNY. It is part of the Upper Allegheny Health System and is located at 515 Main Street Olean NY.
 299 West 12th Street is a landmarked residential building facing south onto Abingdon Square Park in the Greenwich Village Historic District on the west side of lower Manhattan in New York City.It was built by the developer brothers Bing & Bing and noted architect Emery Roth whose other works include The Beresford and The Eldorado.The building was granted an occupancy license on July 30 1931 opening initially as an apartment hotel with a kitchen on the ground floor.
 The Prehistoric Rock-Art Sites of the Côa Valley are open-air Paleolithic archaeological sites located in a region of northeastern Portugal along the Portuguese-Spanish border.In the late 1980s the engravings were discovered in Vila Nova de Foz Côa. The site is situated in the valley of the Côa River and comprises thousands of engraved drawings of horses bovines and other animal human and abstract figures dated from 22000 to 10000 years BCE.
 Dr. George Rigas House is a historic home located at Weirton Hancock County West Virginia. It was built in 1936 and is a five-bay 2 1/2-story wood frame house with clapboard siding and a side gable roof. It has an eclectic style. It features a gable-roofed portico centered on the main elevation and supported by four Tuscan order columns and two pilasters. The house is associated with Dr. George S.
 The Ferguson House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a 1957 Prairie-style home designed by noted regional architect Duane Lyman.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Old Harbor U.S. Life Saving Station is a historic station originally located at Nauset Beach near the entrance to Chatham Harbor in Chatham Massachusetts. It is now located in Provincetown Massachusetts at the end of Race Point Road where it was moved in 1977 because it was threatened by erosion.The station was built in 1897 as a U.S. Life-Saving Service Station and became a U.S. Coast Guard Station in 1915 when the old Revenue Marine Service and Life-Saving Service were combined.
 The Capt. William Green House (also the Green House) is a historic First Period colonial house at 391 Vernon Street in Wakefield Massachusetts.The house is a 2.5 story gambrel-roofed timber frame structure whose main block was built c. 1750. Attached to the rear of the house is an ell whose construction has been dated to c. 1680.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Memphis (FCI Memphis) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates located in Memphis Tennessee. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.
 St George's German Lutheran Church is a church in Alie Street Whitechapel.From its founding in 1762 until 1996 it was used by German Lutherans. It then became the headquarters of the Historic Chapels Trust. The church is still used for organ recitals. St George's was the fifth Lutheran church to be built in London. It is now the oldest surviving German Lutheran church in the UK. At the time the street was called Little Ayliffe Street and the area was called Goodman's Fields.
 Wheelen House also known as Fellowship Farm is a historic home located in Upper Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story random and coursed fieldstone structure in the Georgian style. It has a gable roof end chimneys and a 1 1/2-story kitchen wing. The house was restored in the late-1940s to early-1950s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Coxford Priory or Broomsthorpe Priory was a monastic house in Norfolk England.An Augustinian Canons Regular establishment initially founded around 1140 at the church of St Mary East Rudham by William Cheney the community was transferred to a new site at Coxford c.1216. The building there was constructed of flint with stone dressings and is now a grade II* listed ruin. The priory was dissolved in 1536.
 The University of Chicago Medical Center also known under the umbrella of University of Chicago Medicine is an American academic medical center in Hyde Park on the of South Side of Chicago established in 1899. Affiliated with and operated by the University of Chicago it serves as the teaching hospital for students of the institution's Pritzker School of Medicine.
 St Mary's often called St Mary Woodbridge Road is a Catholic church in Ipswich which has the largest congregation in Ipswich and the second largest congregation in Suffolk. Its parish hall is the site of the first post reformation Catholic church in Ipswich St Antony. It is part of the Diocese of East Anglia.
 The Beck-Warren House also known just as the Warren House is an historic house on 1 Prescott Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.Now on the campus of Harvard University this large Greek Revival wood frame house was built in 1833 for Professor Charles Beck. The house was purchased by Henry Clarke Warren a Sanskrit scholar in 1891 and by Harvard in 1899. When first acquire by the university it was used to house the philosophy library and then the English department.
 The Barjeel Art Foundation is a museum and cultural institution located in the United Arab Emirates. It exhibits the personal art collection of Sultan Sooud Al Qassemi. The Foundation serves as a resource for Arab modern art hosts exhibitions and lends artwork to international institutions while also serving as an educational vehicle for the local Arab community.
 The Pioneer Mothers Memorial Cabin Museum is located six miles from St. Paul Oregon United States within the Champoeg State Heritage Area. The house was built by the Oregon State Society Daughters of the American Revolution and opened in 1931 to honor early pioneer mothers.The log cabin includes a main living room two small bedrooms and a sleeping loft and is representative of the type of log cabin built by early pioneers.
 The Anchor Inn in Digbeth Birmingham England is one of the oldest public houses in Digbeth dating back to 1797. The current building was constructed in 1901 to a design by James and Lister Lea for the Holt Brewery Company. The terracotta on the façade is believed to have come from the Hathern Station Brick and Terracotta Company of Loughborough. On 10 December 1991 the building was designated Grade II listed building status along with other nearby pubs such as the White Swan.
 The Scottsville Free Library located at 28 Main Street in the village of Scottsville New York with a small branch at 883 George Street in Mumford serves the people of the towns of Wheatland and Chili as well as adjacent areas in Monroe County.Unlike most public libraries the Scottsville Free Library has always been a private non-profit association. Membership in this association is open to all local residents: one need merely apply for a library card.
 The Chesapeake and Ohio Passenger Depot in Pikeville Kentucky was built by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway in 1923. The station along with a small baggage depot nearby were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23 1987.The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway reached Pikeville in 1907. The depot is a one-story brick structure built in the Classical Revival style of architecture. About 150 feet (46 m) from the depot is a small similarly designed baggage station.
 Camp Logan Illinois was an Illinois National Guard base and rifle range from 1892 to the early 1970s. At one time the Camp was 200 acres (0.81 km2). Several buildings survive today as they are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Camp Logan was named after General John Alexander Logan.
 Carmichael House known also as Raines-Carmichael House Raines-Miller-Carmichael House or Cadwalader Raines House is a Greek Revival mansion in Macon Georgia United States. It was built in 1848.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Amidža Konak (Serbian: Амиџин конак from Turkish: amca meaning uncle. English: Uncle's Residence) is a 19th-century residence of Turkish-style architecture located in the old part of the city of Kragujevac in central Serbia. It was built in 1819-1824 by Serbian Prince Miloš Obrenović and it was named after Sima Milosavljević-Paštrmc called Amidža a Serbian hajduk and staff member of the court of Obrenović.
 Nottingham Contemporary (formerly known as the Centre for Contemporary Art Nottingham (CCAN)) is a contemporary art centre in the Lace Market area of Nottingham. To celebrate the area's history of lace manufacture the cladding of the building is embossed with a traditional Nottingham lace pattern.Nottingham Contemporary is a registered charity under English law.
 The Berkeley Public Library is the public library system for Berkeley California. It consists of the Central Library the Claremont Branch North Branch South Branch and West Branch.
 Kvenvær church (Norwegian: Kvenvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Kvenvær on the northwestern coast of the island of Hitra.The church was consecrated in 1909. The decision to build the church was done by royal decree on 14 March 1908 and the church was built on the Steine farm at Kvenvær village. The new church replaced the old Kvenvær church on the island of Hakkebuøya west of Kvenvær.
 Serendipity 3 often written Serendipity III is a restaurant located at 225 East 60th Street between Second and Third avenues in New York City founded by Stephen Bruce in 1954. The restaurant has been the scene of several films including the 2001 romantic comedy Serendipity.The restaurant offers a full menu but is well known for its foot-long hot dogs and frozen drinks particularly its trademark Frrrozen Hot chocolate.
 South Congregational Church is a historic church at 90 Main Street in New Britain Connecticut.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 German Village is a historic neighborhood in Columbus Ohio just south of downtown. It was settled in the early-to-mid-19th century by a large number of German immigrants who at one time comprised as much as a third of the city's entire population. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 30 1974 becoming the largest privately funded preservation district on the list and in 2007 was made a Preserve America Community by the White House.
 Avalon at Foxhall is a high-rise skyscraper located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 1982. The skyscraper rises to 54 metres (177 ft) containing 14 floors. The building is tied for the seventh tallest commercial building in Washington D.C. and tied for the tenth highest building in Washington D.C. among all buildings.
 The Church of St Thomas the Martyr Newcastle upon Tyne is one of the most prominent city centre landmarks located close to both universities the city hall and main shopping district in the Haymarket. It is a 19th-century Anglican re-foundation of a medieval chapel traditionally said to have been created by one of the assassins of Thomas Becket.
 All Saints' Church Hawton is a parish church in the Church of England in Hawton Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Saint Philip AME Church in Atlanta Georgia is the largest congregation in the Sixth Episcopal district of the African Methodist Episcopal Church with over 9000 members.
 Millhaven Institution is a maximum security prison located in Bath Ontario. Approximately 400 inmates are incarcerated at Millhaven.Opened in 1971 Millhaven was originally built to replace the area's other maximum security prison Kingston Penitentiary in Kingston Ontario. A riot at Kingston Penitentiary forced Millhaven to open prematurely. During the period of 1977–1984 a Special Handling Unit (SHU) operated at Millhaven along with its general maximum-security population.
 The Singer Building is a 3-story commercial structure located in the Main Street District in downtown Dallas Texas (USA). The structure is one of a handful of original early commercial structures along Elm Street; many others were demolished and replaced by large office blocks during various building booms.
 Hamilton Union Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 2267 Western Turnpike in Guilderland Albany County New York. It was built in 1857 and is in the Greek Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Saint Gevork of Mughni Church (Armenian: Մուղնեցվոց Սուրբ Գևորգ Եկեղեցի Georgian: წმინდა გიორგის მუღნის ეკლესია) also known as Saint George of Mughni Church (Gevork in Armenian is cognate with George) is a 13th-century Armenian church in Tbilisi Georgia that was entirely rebuilt in 1756. It is made of brick and its architectural typology is that of a cross within a rectangular perimeter with four free-standing supports.
 The Church of Our Lady of Victory is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Webster Avenue Tremont Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1909.
 The Fitch-Hoose House (also just the Hoose House) is a single-family house at 6 Gulf Road in Dalton Massachusetts. The wood frame house was built in 1846 and is a representative of housing of the African American community in Dalton in the 19th century. It was built in 1846 in a part of Dalton called The Gulf that was known to be settled by freed or escaped African Americans in the early 19th century.
 Church of Resurrection of Christ is a Orthodox church building under construction in Kumanovo Macedonia. Construction started on 25 of April 2014.
 Raigmore Hospital (Scottish Gaelic: Ospadal an Rathaig Mhòir) in Inverness is the main hospital in the South East Highland Community Health Partnership area of NHS Highland Health Board. It serves patients from its own and adjacent Community Health Partnership areas as well as those from adjacent Health Board areas. It is also a teaching hospital in association with the Universities of Aberdeen and Stirling.
 The Faeth Farm near Fort Madison Iowa was founded by German immigrants Jacob and Elizabeth Faeth in 1832. Mormons encamped near the farm after fleeing Nauvoo Illinois. Adam Faeth built the existing house and barn. Herb Faeth expanded the orchard; he was close friends with the naturalist Aldo Leopold.
 Ealing Abbey is a Roman Catholic Benedictine monastic foundation on Castlebar Hill in Ealing. It is part of the English Benedictine Congregation.
 The Concord Tower is a 40-floor tower (38 -floors plus service level and roof) in Dubai Media City Dubai United Arab Emirates. It contains over 600000 square feet (56000 m2) of leasable space. Construction of the Tower was completed in 2007.
 Laurel Hill Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at St. Clair Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1845 and is a rectangular cut stone furnace with four arches at its base. It remained in blast until 1855-1860. The furnace was donated to the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy in 1973.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Washburn Observatory is located at 1401 Observatory Drive on the University of Wisconsin–Madison campus. Completed in 1881 it was a major research facility for about 50 years. Today it is home to the UW-Madison College of Letters and Science Honors Program while the telescope remains in use by students in introductory astronomy courses and the general public during open houses and viewings.
 The Coliseum Theater a former cinema in Seattle Washington opened January 8 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and is also an official Seattle city landmark. Designed by B. Marcus Priteca it was Seattle's first theater built specifically for showing movies and was one of the first cinemas anywhere to strive for architectural grandeur.
 The Strangers Refuge Lodge Number 74 IOOF also known as New Richland Odd Fellows Hall is a building built in 1902 in New Richland Minnesota. It served historically as a meeting hall as an auditorium as a music facility and as a theater. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Turk's Head Building is a 16-story office high-rise in Providence Rhode Island. Completed in 1913 the building is one of the oldest skyscrapers in Providence. Standing 215 ft (66 m) tall it is currently the 11th-tallest building in Providence. When completed in the 1913 the Turk's Head Building surpassed the 1901 Union Trust building to become the tallest building in downtown (the Rhode Island State House is taller and was finished in 1904).
 www.snm.skThe Slovak National Museum (Slovak: Slovenské národné múzeum) is the most important institution focusing on scientific research and cultural education in the field of museological activity in Slovakia.
 26 Broadway (also known as the Standard Oil Building) is a 31-story 159 m 520 ft New York City Designated Landmark at the southern tip of Manhattan at Bowling Green. The structure is currently the 197th tallest building in New York City and the 572nd tallest building in the United States.
 John E. Aldred Estate also known as St. Josaphat's Monastery is a historic estate located at Lattingtown in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1916 by noted architect Bertram Goodhue (1869-1924) for public utility executive John Edward Aldred. The grounds were designed by the Olmsted Brothers.
 Bethlehem House also known as the Rensselaer Nicoll House is a historic home located at Bethlehem in Albany County New York. It was originally built about 1735 and expanded in 1796 1810 (kitchen wing) and 1830 (tea room and office). It is two and one half stories high with two and one story additions in the rear. It is constructed of brick with a gambrel roof and three chimneys.
 The Sidi Bashir Mosque is located in the city of Ahmedabad Gujarat. Due to its unique construction the mosque is also called Jhulta Minar or Shaking Minarets.
 Palmer-Lewis Estate is a historic estate and national historic district located at Bedford Westchester County New York. The district contains 12 contributing buildings one contributing site and four contributing structures. It includes the main house 15 farm-related outbuildings and landscape features such as stone walls walled fields the remains of an orchard and vegetable garden a barnyard complex and the ruins of a dairy barn.
 The Brantly Sturdevant House located at 308 S. Main St. in Atkinson Nebraska is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1887 which is operated as Sturdevant-McKee Museum. It has been designated NeHBS No. HT02-042. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Loaloa Heiau is located in Kaupo on Maui. This is one of the few remaining intact examples of a large luakini heiau (state level temple where human sacrifice was performed) Once the center of an important cultural complex around Kaupo oral tradition attributes the construction of the temple at about 1730 AD to Kekaulike King of Maui who lived at Kaupo and died in 1736. Its site number is HASS-50-MA-A28-1. It was excavated in 1931.
 The Italian Center is the name commonly used for a mid-19th-century house that is home to the organization of the same name on Mill Street in Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is a contributing property to the Mill Street-North Clover Street Historic District.It was first built as a simple building by 1857 and gradually expanded and renovated into its current form over the next 30 years.
 The Hempel Hotel was a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It was located at 31-35 Craven Hill Gardens to the north of Hyde Park off Bayswater Road. It was a small boutique hotel with Zen inspiration designed by noted designer Anouska Hempel. The design of each of the 40 rooms and 10 apartments centered around minimalistic art and the color white. It also featured a Zen Garden.
 Runk Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 9 is a historic Pratt truss bridge spanning Aughwick Creek and located at Shirley Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Pennsylvania Bridge Co. in 1898. It measures 134-foot-long (41 m) and has two spans.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The St. George Tabernacle is a historic building in St. George Utah. It opened in 1876 to serve as a public works building originally hosting church services and court hearings. Today it is open to the public and hosts many public events such as concerts.
 Maj. Jared B. Fisher House is a historic home located at Gregg Township Centre County Pennsylvania USA. It was built in 1856 and is a 2½ story five bay brick building with a gable roof. It has a rear kitchen wing and attached to the wing is a brick summer kitchen. The building reflects an eclectic combination of Greek Revival and Gothic Revival style architecture.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Big Nickel is a nine-metre (30 ft) replica of a 1951 Canadian nickel located at the grounds of Dynamic Earth in Sudbury Ontario Canada.
 Our Lady of Loreto and St Winefride's is a Roman Catholic parish church in Kew in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames south west London.The Society of Mary first established a Catholic mission in a temporary chapel in Kew Gardens Road in 1898. The church was opened in 1906 and was served by them until 1984.The church is dedicated to both Our Lady of Loreto and Saint Winefride.
 The Washington Avenue Soldier's Monument is located at the junction of that street and Lafayette Avenue (NY 59) in the village of Suffern New York United States. It sits on a small piece of land in the middle of the street known locally as the Triangle.At different times during the Revolutionary War George Washington and Rochambeau encamped the Continental Army near the memorial site for brief periods.
 Milford Haven Museum is a maritime and heritage museum in Milford Haven Pembrokeshire. Opened in 1991 it has a heavy focus on the maritime history of the town with exhibitions which explore the fishing and oil industries in the area. The collection also contains information relating to the railway industry in the area Milford at war the shipbuilding industry and the Liquefied Natural Gas process.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Newton Arlosh is in the village of Newton Arlosh Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. It was built as a fortified church one of a number of such buildings near the Scottish border.It was restored and extended in the 19th century. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Compass Inn is a historic inn and tavern located in Laughlintown Ligonier Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay log and stone building in a vernacular Georgian style. The original section was built in 1799 and it is three bays wide. The two bay stone section was added in the 1820s. A clapboarded frame section was added in 1862. It was restored in 1970 and operated as a local history museum.
 New Orleans Marriott located at 555 Canal Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 42-story 449 feet (137 m)-tall skyscraper.
 Antioch Christian Church is a historic church at 4805 NE Antioch Road in Kansas City Missouri.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Shorty Lovelace Historic District includes a series of cabins built in Kings Canyon National Park by trapper Joseph Walter Shorty Lovelace between 1910 and 1940. Lovelace was the first non-Native American to live year-round in the upper Kings River Canyon. Lovelace may have built as many as thirty-six structures in the area with possible a dozen surviving. Lovelace built his first cabins in 1912 at Crowley Canyon.
 Dallas Mill was a manufacturer of cotton sheeting in Huntsville Alabama. The first of four major textile mills in Huntsville the mill operated from 1891 until 1949 before it was converted for use as a warehouse in 1955 and burned in 1991. The village constructed to house workers and their families was incorporated into the city in 1955. The mill and its mill village are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fort Garland (1858–1883) Colorado USA was designed to house two companies of soldiers to protect settlers in the San Luis Valley then in the Territory of New Mexico. It was named for General John Garland commander of the Military District of New Mexico.Colonel Kit Carson and New Mexico Volunteers were stationed here in 1866 and he successfully negotiated a treaty with the Utes in 1867.The Ninth Cavalry (Buffalo Soldiers) was stationed here between 1876 and 1879.
 Hotel Pyrénées is a four-star hotel in Andorra la Vella Andorra. Built in 1940 Lonely Planet describes it has being one of Andorra's few venerable buildings and containing haunting old photographs of Andorra in its restaurant. It originally went under the Catalan name Pirinec and had 36 rooms but today it has 70 rooms.
 The Brown County Courthouse is located at 101 South Main Street in Georgetown Ohio. The courthouse is the centerpiece of Georgetown and is included in the Georgetown Historic District.
 The United States Rubber Company Mill Complex is a historic site in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Flatbush Town Hall at 35 Snyder Avenue between Flatbush and Bedford Avenues in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City is a historic town hall built in 1874-75 and designed by John Y. Culyer in the High Victorian Gothic style in the Ruskinian mode. It is a two story masonry building on a stone foundation and features a three-story bell tower with a steep hip roof.
 Russian Fort Elizabeth is a National Historic Landmark and is administered as the Russian Fort Elizabeth State Historical Park just southwest of present day Waimea on the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi. It is located at the site of the former Fort Elizabety (Russian: Форт Елизаветы) the last remaining Russian fort on the Hawaiian islands built in the early 19th century by the Russian-American Company as the result of an alliance with High Chief Kaumualiʻi.
 The Oaks II is a historic home located at Laytonsville Montgomery County Maryland United States. It was built between 1797 and 1814 and is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed log house with an adjoining one-story gable-roofed log addition. A number of outbuildings which stood on the original Riggs Farm with this house were moved to the current location on the west side of the road.
 The General Electric Realty Plot often referred to locally as the GE Realty Plot or just The Plot is a residential neighborhood in Schenectady New York United States. It is an area of approximately 90 acres (36 ha) just east of Union College.Originally an undeveloped tract owned by the college it was sold to General Electric (GE) at the end of the 19th century to help the college pay off a debt.
 Southampton Hospital centrally located in the Village of Southampton New York is a 125-bed hospital accredited by the Joint Commission. An affiliate of the Stony Brook University School of Medicine Southampton Hospital is a New York State-designated Stroke Center. The hospital admits more than 6000 patients annually and has about 25000 emergency room visits each year (about 50% during the summer season).
 Hotel del Coronado (also known as The Del and Hotel Del) is a beachfront luxury hotel in the city of Coronado just across the San Diego Bay from San Diego California. It is one of the few surviving examples of an American architectural genre: the wooden Victorian beach resort.
 Telegraph Hill is a historic site in Hull Massachusetts. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is now part of Fort Revere Park.
 Temple Emanu-El is a Reform Jewish congregation in Birmingham Alabama.
 The Cambridge Historic District is located in an irregular pattern along streets in the village of Cambridge in Washington County New York. It is a 105-acre (42 ha) area reflecting the extent of the village when it was first incorporated in the 1860s and its subsequent development in the years the Rice Seed Company largest in the world at the time was located here.Many of the district's 240 buildings date to the 19th century with a few 18th-century structures and modern intrusions.
 The Nowy Sącz Royal Castle is a mediaeval castle in the city of Nowy Sącz in Poland. The partially restored ruins of the castle date back to the 14th century during the reign of Casimir III the Great.
 Council House 2 (also known as CH2) is an office building located at 240 Little Collins Street in the CBD in Melbourne Australia. It is occupied by the City of Melbourne council and in April 2005 became the first purpose-built office building in Australia to achieve a maximum Six Green Star rating certified by the Green Building Council of Australia. CH2 officially opened in August 2006.
 John Wells Pratt House also known as Pratt House Museum is a historic home and museum located at Fulton in Oswego County New York. Built in 1863 it is a large two story residence in the Italianate style.The house is rectangular in plan with a three bay wide three bay deep hipped roof main block with a gabled two story service wing. It features a cupola with round arched windows.
 Mount Adams also known as The Mount is a historic home and farm complex located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. The complex consists of a 114-acre (46 ha) working farm originally part of Broom's Bloom centered around a large multi-sectioned 2 1⁄2-story frame house built in 1817 in the Federal style. The house has an 1850 2 1⁄2-story cross-gabled addition connected but an independent unit from the main house and slightly taller in the Greek Revival style.
 North Hall University of Wisconsin was the first structure on the University of Wisconsin campus. Located on Bascom Hill it was built in 1851 at a cost of $19000. John Muir resided in North Hall when he was a student at the University from 1860 to 1863. It currently houses the offices of the political science faculty at the university. Muir knoll across the street was home to the first American university ski tournament in 1920.
 Little House is a historic place in Victoria Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Church of Saint Augustine commonly known as the Paoay Church is the Roman Catholic parish church of the municipality of Paoay Ilocos Norte in the Philippines. Completed in 1710 the church is famous for its distinct architecture highlighted by the enormous buttresses on the sides and back of the building. In 1993 the church was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site as one best examples of the Baroque Churches of the Philippines.
 For the structure with a similar name in Chester England see Phoenix Tower ChesterPhoenix Tower is a 434ft (132m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 1984 and has 34 floors. It is the 36th tallest building in the city. It is owned and operated by Parkway Properties.The Phoenix Tower is adjacent to Greenway Plaza and located in an area between Downtown Houston and Uptown.
 The Musée des beaux-arts d'Angers is a museum of art located in Angers in a mansion the logis Barrault place Saint-Éloi near the historic city of Angers.
 Dauer Hall is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida in the United States. Dauer Hall is a contributing property in the University of Florida Campus Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 1989.
 St. James Church (also known as Garth Chapel) is a historic church located northwest of Charlottesville near Owensville Albemarle County Virginia United States on VA 614 east of VA 676. The vernacular Gothic Revival chapel was constructed in 1896 with the help of the Garth Family and the sponsorship of Christ Episcopal Church in Charlottesville. The church served a congregation of between 25–30 people at its construction.
 Bank Building also known as Old Mercantile Building and Eastern Shore Chamber of Commerce is a historic commercial building located at Accomac Virginia Accomack County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story rectangular brick structure in the Federal style. The front facade and watertable are stuccoed. It has a gable roof and features a fanlight window above the second story door.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Erie County Holding Center in Buffalo New York is a pre-trial maximum security detention facility that serves Erie County. Capable of housing 680 inmates it is the second largest detention facility in New York State outside of New York City. Inmate Over-flow is housed at the Holding Center Annex at the Erie County Correctional Facility in Alden New York.
 For other uses see Santa Maria degli Angeli (disambiguation).The Basilica of Santa Maria degli Angeli (Saint Mary of the Angels) is a church situated in the plain at the foot of the hill of Assisi Italy in the frazione of Santa Maria degli Angeli.The basilica was constructed in the Mannerist style between 1569 and 1679 enclosing the 9th century little church the Porziuncola the most sacred place for the Franciscans.
 Noul Neamţ Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Noul Neamţ) is an all-male Moldovan Orthodox monastery located in Chiţcani near Tighina geographically in Basarabia but controlled by the breakaway Transnistrian authorities. It is also known as Chiţcani Monastery.
 The Masonic Temple in New Bern North Carolina is a building from 1802. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church of Brooklyn at 423 Clinton Street at Carroll Street in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City was built from 1867 to 1884 and was designed by Richard Upjohn & Son in the High Victorian Gothic style.
 Burg Finstergrün is a castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 Vandve Church (Norwegian: Vandve kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village/island of Vandve. The church is part of the Dønna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church was built in 1956 as a chapel and was made a church around 1980. The building seats about 50 people.
 The Sinan Pasha Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia e Sinan Pashës Serbian: Синан Пашина Џамија Turkish: Sinan Paşa Camii) is an Ottoman mosque in the city of Prizren Kosovo. It was built in 1615 by Sofi Sinan Pasha bey of Budim. The mosque overlooks the main street of Prizren and is a dominant feature in the town's skyline.Sinan Pasha Mosque was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990 by the Republic of Serbia.
 Kenwood also known as the John A. Sheppard House is a historic home located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was designed by the prominent West Virginia architect H. Rus Warne and built about 1910 and is a 2 1/2 story rectangular side gable house with flanking one-story enclosed wings with flat roofs covered in green clay tile. The house measures approximately 100 feet long and 64 feet deep. It features an entrance portico with two story Tuscan order columns.
 Ankerwycke Priory was a priory of Benedictine nuns in Buckinghamshire England. It was established around 1160 and dissolved in 1536.
 The Church of St. Dominic is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1739 Unionport Road Van Nest Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1927. The Romanesque Revival was built 1925 to the designs of Bronx-native architect Anthony J. DePace of the firm DePace & Juster. In May 2011 two of the three bells were removed in order to service the wooden supports which were waterlogged and had seepage problems.
 The Holy Trinity Church at Parker and Hector St. in Trinidad California was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The wood frame building has a gable roof and a small steeple. The steeple replaced a slightly larger sometime between 1907 and 1954.Sixty people can sit in the long wooden pews with another 18 sitting in the choir loft.
 First Presbyterian Church and Churchyard is a historic church on New Street between Middle and Hancock Streets in New Bern North Carolina.It is was built in 1820 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 401 North Michigan is a 35-story skyscraper in the Streeterville area of Chicago built in 1965 at 401 North Michigan Avenue along the north bank of the Chicago River. Along with the Tribune Tower and Wrigley Building it forms the southern gateway to Chicago's famous Magnificent Mile. The building was built atop the site of a cabin belonging to Chicago's first permanent resident Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable.
 Rocklands is a historic home and farm complex located near Gordonsville Orange County Virginia. The house was built about 1905 and underwent a major renovation under the direction of William Lawrence Bottomley in 1933-1935. It is a 2 1/2-story five-bay Georgian Revival style brick dwelling with a hipped roof. The front facade features a monumental Ionic order hexastyle portico. Also on the property are the contributing guest house (c.
 The Moran Building is an historic building located at 501-509 G Street Northwest Washington D.C.
 The Museum of Antioquia (Museo de Antioquia) is an art museum in Medellín Colombia. It houses a large collection of works by Medellín native Fernando Botero and Pedro Nel Gómez. It was the first museum established in Antioquia department and the second in Colombia. The museum is located in the center of Medellín on the Botero Plaza near the Berrío Park metro station.
 Tinapa is a business and leisure resort just north of Calabar south eastern Nigeria associated with the Calabar Free Trade Zone. It is being developed in four phases under a Private Public Partnership (PPP) promoted by the Government of Cross River State. The resort is located by the Calabar River contiguous with the Calabar Free Trade Zone.
 Flugwerft Schleissheim is an aviation museum located in the German town of Oberschleißheim near Munich it forms part of the Deutsches Museum collection and complements the aviation exhibits on display at the main site. The museum was opened on 18 September 1992. Many aerospace exhibits are on display including fixed-wing aircraft helicopters and aircraft engines. The main display hangar is a restored glazed building visitors are able to view exhibits undergoing restoration.
 The Reading Terminal (/ˈrɛdɪŋ/ RED-ing) is a complex of buildings located in the Market East section of Center City in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. It is composed of three parts: the Reading Terminal Headhouse the Reading Terminal Trainshed and the Reading Terminal Market (under the trainshed).
 The Alice Druhot House is located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood.
 Widmerpool Hall is a Grade II listed English country house in Widmerpool Nottinghamshire.Situated on the north side of the village it was built in 1872 for Major George Coke Robertson to the designs of Henry Clutton. This neo Gothic manor house was constructed of Bath and Clipsham stone and has an Italianate gargoyle adorned clock-tower without a clock.
 National Museum of Colombo also known as the Sri Lanka National Museum is one of two museums in Colombo. It is the largest museum in Sri Lanka. Its is maintained by the Department of National Museum of the central government. The museum holds contains a collections of much importance to Sri Lanka such as the regalia of the country including the throne and crown of the Kandyan monarchs as well as many other exhibits telling the story of ancient Sri Lanka.
 Dromore Cathedral formally The Cathedral Church of Christ the Redeemer Dromore is one of two cathedral churches (the other is Down Cathedral) in the Diocese of Down and Dromore of the Church of Ireland. It is situated in the small town of Dromore County Down Northern Ireland in the ecclesiastical province of Armagh.The present building was originally constructed in 1661 by Jeremy Taylor Bishop of Down and Connor and has been several times expanded to its present size.
 Crowne Plaza Glasgow is a high-rise hotel in the Finnieston area of Glasgow Scotland. Originally opened in 1989 it is a 4-star property on the banks of the River Clyde adjacent to the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre (SECC) and the Clyde Auditorium (Armadillo). The building (along with the adjacent Armadillo) is frequently used as one of the most recognisable images of modern Clydeside
 St Peter's Church Letwell is a parish church of the Church of England in Letwell.
 The Rock Creek Woods Historic District is a national historic district located north of Kensington Montgomery County Maryland (although the postal address is Silver Spring). It is a suburban development consisting of 74 Contemporary houses is nestled in a wooded valley between two creeks near Connecticut Avenue (MD 185).
 Head of the River Church is a historic Methodist church on Route 49 in Estell Manor Atlantic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1792 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Louisville Museum Plaza was a 62-story skyscraper that was planned for Louisville Kentucky United States. By August 1 2011 despite the expenditure of public funds on its behalf its developers had officially announced that they were abandoning plans to build it. The 703-foot (214 m) tall skyscraper was projected to cost $490 million and contain a 1-acre (0.40 ha) public plaza and park condominiums lofts a hotel retail shops and a museum.
 Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong is an historic district that includes portions of what is now the town of Columbus New Mexico Pancho Villa State Park and an airfield all in Columbus New Mexico. It was the site of a raid led by Pancho Villa in 1916 that had wide impacts.The Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong historic district was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 The David Crawford House is located on Montgomery Street in Newburgh New York USA. It is a neoclassical mansion built by Crawford who had made his fortune in Hudson River shipping in 1834.In 1958 Historical Society of Newburgh Bay and the Hudson Highlands purchased the house to prevent its demolition for a planned parking lot.
 St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church at 15 St. John's Street in Monticello Sullivan County New York. It was built between 1879 and 1881 and is L shaped in plan consisting of the church and an attached chapel. It is built of quarry-faced randomly laid coursed stone. The church features a tall engaged corner three stage entrance tower with a crenellated top.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Yeni Cami meaning New Mosque; originally named the Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: Valide Sultan Camii) and later New Valide Sultan Mosque (Turkish: Yeni Valide Sultan Camii) after its partial reconstruction and completion between 1660 and 1665; is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in the Eminönü quarter of Istanbul Turkey. It is situated on the Golden Horn at the southern end of the Galata Bridge and is one of the famous architectural landmarks of Istanbul.
 The Museo del Aire full title in Spanish Museo de Aeronáutica y Astronáutica o Museo del Aire is an aviation museum located in the outskirts of Madrid at Cuatro Vientos Airport Spain. The museum was founded in 1981 and offers six exhibition galleries and it has about 150 aircraft on display.Cuatro Vientos was inaugurated in 1911 and is Spain’s first military airfield.
 Nathan Goff Jr. House is a former historic home located at Clarksburg Harrison County West Virginia. It was built between 1880 and 1883 and was a three-story brick dwelling in a combined Queen Anne / Second Empire style. It featured a slate covered mansard roof. It was the home of Nathan Goff Jr. (1843–1920) and his son Guy D. Goff (1866–1933) who both served as United States Senators from West Virginia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The San Francisco Mint is a branch of the United States Mint and was opened in 1854 to serve the gold mines of the California Gold Rush. It quickly outgrew its first building and moved into a new one in 1874. This building the Old United States Mint also known affectionately as The Granite Lady is one of the few that survived the great 1906 San Francisco earthquake. It served until 1937 when the present facility was opened.
 John Trumbull Birthplace also known as Governor Jonathan Trumbull House is a house on Lebanon Green in Lebanon Connecticut. The house was constructed by Joseph Trumbull and inherited by his son Jonathan Trumbull who became governor.Jonathan's son John Trumbull was born in the house June 6 1756.
 The Edna Stoliker Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 41 Plantation Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1916 it is a well-preserved local example of Colonial Revival styling. It has a typical side-hall plan but is distinctive in that its projecting bays vary in style and that its first-floor porch wraps around to the side.
 The Chilkoot Trail and Dyea Site is a National Historic Landmark district comprising the Chilkoot Trail and the former town of Dyea Alaska. They are contained in the Klondike Gold Rush National Historical Park which preserves the historic buildings and locations connected to the Klondike Gold Rush period of Alaskan history.For a brief period between 1897 and 1899 this trail and town were full of prospectors.
 Taishan Station (Chinese: 泰山站; pinyin: Tàishān Zhàn) is one of four Chinese research stations in Antarctica.Officially opened on February 8 2014 it is the forth Chinese research station in Antarctica following Great Wall Zhongshan and Kunlun stations.The site is located 2621 m above sea level in Princess Elizabeth Land 522 km and 600 km to Zhongshan and Kunlun stations respectively.
 Foguang Temple (Chinese: 佛光寺) is a Buddhist temple located five kilometres from Doucun Wutai County Shanxi Province of China. The major hall of the temple is the Great East Hall built in 857 AD during the Tang Dynasty (618–907). According to architectural records it is the third earliest preserved timber structure in China.
 The Lockport Powerhouse is a dam used by the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago to control the outflow of the Sanitary and Ship Canal and limit the diversion of water from Lake Michigan into the Des Plaines River.
 The Cauchie house (French: Maison Cauchie Dutch: Cauchiehuis) was built in 1905 by Art Nouveau architect painter and designer Paul Cauchie in Etterbeek Brussels next of the Cinquantenaire. Its façade is remarkable for its allegorical sgraffiti.
 Inna Garuda formerly Hotel Merdeka is a hotel in Yogyakarta Indonesia. Established in 1908 it contains 223 rooms. The hotel was once effectively the de facto headquarters for the government and a Christian stronghold.
 The Lottie A. Leach House also known as Leach Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Lottie A. Leach trustee from 1932-1936 and 1945-1952 as well as the Chairman of the UMass Advisory Council for Women. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic church at Ocoee and Central Streets NW in Cleveland Tennessee. It is one of the city's oldest buildings.The Gothic Revival style church building was built in 1873.
 Pulaski County Courthouse is a Classical Revival building from 1874. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Golden and the Unger House are two buildings in the Foothills Art Center in Golden Colorado United States. Together they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 and are the most prominent landmarks of Golden's Court House Hill neighborhood.
 Banharn-Jamsai Tower (Thai: หอคอยบรรหาร-แจ่มใส) is the tallest tower in Thailand and the main attraction of Suphan Buri Province. It located in Chaloem Phatthara Rachinee Park Tambon Tha Pee Leang Suphan Buri. It is named after the couple Banharn Silpa-archa and Jamsai Silpa-archa. There are four floors.
 The SieboldHuis (Siebold House) is a museum located at the Rapenburg in Leiden Netherlands. It displays items that were collected by Philipp Franz von Siebold (1796-1866) between 1823 and 1829 during his stay at Dejima the Dutch trade colony nearby Nagasaki in Japan. It also functions as a museum of Japanese culture.Siebold was highly interested in all aspects of Japanese nature and culture and as such his collection is very diverse.
 The Nawa Insect Museum (名和昆虫博物館 Nawa Konchū Hakubutsukan) is a museum in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is operated by the Nawa Insect Research Center.
 The Colorado Amphitheater also known as Structure #41 is a natural stone amphitheater built in 1935 to serve Camp George West of the Colorado National Guard. It is located near the base of South Table Mountain a mesa located just east of Golden Colorado.Built under the auspices of commander Neil West Kimball grandson of the general for whom the camp was named it was constructed as a project of the Works Progress Administration.
 The Chinook Pass Entrance Arch marks the east entrance to Mount Rainier National Park. The rectangular log entry arch is one of several placed at the entrances to the park. It was designed in 1933 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built in 1936 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The arch consists of two stone abutments carrying horizontal logs over the road.
 The Elisha and Lizzie Morse Jr. House is a house in the Whittier neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is designed in the Italian Villa style. Its most distinctive feature is the cupola with shallow arches over paired windows. The siding is also a unique design. The planks were made to look like cut stone by cutting incisions at regular intervals then painting the siding with a mixture of paint and sand.
 Twin Maples is an estate in Summit Union County New Jersey United States listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places. Twin Maples was built in 1908 designed by a well-known New York and Montclair architect Alfred F. Norris who designed the home in the neoclassical style with a facade dominated by a full-height porch supported by classical columns.
 Established in 1941 the People's Hospital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region is a provincial hospital of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. As a teaching hospital it facilitates final year medical students from Guangxi Medical University Guilin Medical University.
 Milford Town Hall is the historic town hall at 52 Main Street in Milford Massachusetts. The two story wood frame building was built in 1858; in addition to its role in housing town offices for over a century it is a distinctive local example of Italianate architecture. It is unusual among Milford's public buildings in not being built out of locally-quarried granite.The was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Public Service Building is a historic 67.06 m (220.0 ft) 15-story office building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. The building and its attached parking garage have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Public Service Building and Garage since 1996. It was built to house the offices of the Portland Gas and Coke Company and the Pacific Light and Power Company. The building's name reflects the fact that these utilities were public services.
 The Skunk River Bridge is a Warren truss bridge that crosses Skunk River near Ames Iowa in Story County Iowa. It was built in 1876 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Bowden Institution is a medium security prison operated by Correctional Services Canada.It was built on an open campus model.
 Los Cerritos Ranch House also known as Rancho Los Cerritos or Casa de los Cerritos in Long Beach California was the largest and most impressive adobe residence erected in southern California during the Mexican period. Los Cerritos means the little hills in English. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 See Pizza Land for the independent pizzeria in North Arlington New JerseyPizzaland was a UK chain of pizza restaurants which was owned by Associated Newspapers and then by United Biscuits.Pizzaland (Associated Restaurants) was founded in 1970 by David Dutton financed by Associated Newspapers. The chain rapidly expanded throughout London and then into the Northwest.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1905 and is a large five sided stone building with a wing. It features a three story square tower with a pyramidal roof and arched Romanesque window surrounds.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The related rectory was added at the same time.
 The Heaviest Corner on Earth is a promotional name given to the corner of 20th Street and 1st Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama United States in the early 20th century.
 Pioneer Valley Hospital is a community hospital located in West Valley City Utah United States. While it is a separate hospital it is considered a campus of the Jordan Valley Medical Center. The hospital offers general medical and surgical care general intensive care cardiac intensive care a cardiology department pediatric medical and surgical care obstetrics an orthopedics department and a 25-bed emergency department.Pioneer Valley Hospital has 101 licensed beds.
 Suzhou Xindi Center is a 54-floor 232 meter (761 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2006 located in Suzhou China.
 Tulipwood is a shingle style historic home at 1165 Hamilton Street in the Somerset section of Franklin Township Somerset County New Jersey United States. It was designed by Jacob August Lienau.
 The Lakeview House on U.S. Route 395 south of E. Lake Blvd. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house overlooking Washoe Lake that was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It was deemed significant for association with early-day recreation transportation lumbering andwater-supply enterprises. It was built on the site of an inn that had burned in 1871. It was headquarters of John B.
 The Peterborough Centre the former Teachers' College Building is located on the corner of Peterborough and Montreal Streets in Christchurch New Zealand. It is a Category II heritage building. As a result of the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake it received NZ$12 million in damage.
 The House at 847 Main Street North is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1777 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 The Austin History Center is the local history collection of the Austin Public Library and the city's historical archive located at 810 Guadalupe Street in Austin Texas United States. It is regarded as one of the best such facilities in the United States.[citation needed]The building opened as the official Austin Public Library in 1933 and served as the main library until 1979 when library functions moved to the John Henry Faulk Library a newer facility next door.
 The Royal Cornhill Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Aberdeen Scotland. It is the main centre for the treatment of people with mental health problems in Grampian.The hospital is situated on Westburn Road East of the Foresterhill site.
 8 Shenton Way (Chinese: 八珊顿道;Chinese: Bā Shān Dùn Dǎo) formerly The Treasury and Temasek Tower is the sixth tallest skyscraper in the city of Singapore with at 234.7 m (770 ft). It is currently the tallest cylindrical building in the world. Built in 1986 as Treasury Building it has 52 stories and is one of the prominent buildings in the business district. The tower houses 16 double deck elevators supplied by Otis.
 The Courthouse of Arezzo is a judiciary building in Arezzo Italy designed by the Italian architect Manfredi Nicoletti. It consists of two bodies: the first one is the building of the former Sanatorium “Antonio Garbasso” restored and houses most of the court offices.
 St Mary's Church Tarleton is a redundant Anglican church which stands on the A59 road as it passes to the south of the village of Tarleton Lancashire England (grid reference SD456201). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is described by the Churches Conservation Trust as a picturesque early Georgian chapel with a lovely unspoiled interior.
 The St. Seraphim Chapel in Lower Kalskag Alaska in Bethel Census Area is a historic Russian Orthodox church that may include a portion built in 1843 or it may have all been built later. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The community has a 1975-built new church used for Russian Orthodox services; this is an old church that is either a later enlargement of an original church built probably in 1843 or it is wholly a later 1800s replacement.
 Wilmot House also known as David Wilmot House is a historic home located at Bethany Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1811 and is a 2 1/2-story wood frame dwelling in the style of a New England farmhouse. It is three bays wide and two bays deep and has a medium pitch gable roof. It has a 1 1/2-story addition with a saltbox roof.
 Raymond House is one of five quadrangle residence halls at Vassar College located in Poughkeepsie New York. Raymond House was erected in 1897 in response to the popularity of Strong House and was promptly designed by Francis R. Allen. Named after the second president of Vassar College John Howard Raymond this dormitory has four floors and is one of the residence halls that was paid for by the college in entirety.
 Thirlestaine House is a Grade I listed building in Cheltenham.
 Bydgoszcz Synagogue was a synagogue in Bydgoszcz Poland. It was built in 1884 designed by Alfred Muttrey in the place of old wooden synagogue on Pod Blankami Street. Until its destruction in 1939 it was one of the largest structures in Bydgoszcz. It could accommodate 500 persons. The architect of the synagogue was Alfred Muttrey.
 The Mill Springs Battlefield was the location of the Battle of Mill Springs in January 1862. It was declared to be a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1993.Several separated areas related to the battle have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places: the Confederate Mass Grave Monument in Somerset Gen. Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument and the Mill Springs National Cemetery. Alternative names for the areas include: WN-2;WN-24;WN-73;PU-131.
 Gallagher Mansion and Outbuilding is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was originally built about 1854 as an Italianate villa and was subsequently enlarged and embellished in the Second Empire style of the later mid century. It features walls built of local rough fieldstone and rubble and a mansard roof covered with decorative slate.
 The Ferry Street–Thorofare Canal Bridge is a bridge located at Ferry Street over the Thorofare Canal in Grosse Ile Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 William J. Ryan Estate now Nissequogue Golf Club is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County New York. The district includes the principal dwelling now the club house. The estate house was built in 1930 and is a two story brick structure with a five bay center block connected to perpendicular wings by hyphens.
 Union Schoolhouse is located in Red Bank Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 23 1976.
 Artisan's House is a historic home located at Annapolis Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame house on a brick foundation representative of modest middle class dwellings of the 18th century. It was likely used as a barracks during the Revolutionary War. Because of this it is also known as Hogshead.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and it is a contributing property in the Colonial Annapolis Historic District.
 The Walt Whitman House is a historic building in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States which was the last residence of American poet Walt Whitman in his declining years before his death. It is located at 330 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard known as Mickle St. during Whitman's time there.
 Kaminoyama Castle (上山城 Kaminoyama-jō) is a hirayama-style Japanese castle located in the center of the city of Kaminoyama eastern Yamagata Prefecture Japan. Throughout the Edo period Kaminoyama Castle was the headquarters for the daimyō of Kaminoyama Domain. The castle was also known as Tsukoka-jō (月岡城).
 Church of Michael the Archangel (Russian: Михайло-Архангельский храм; Azerbaijani: Mixayil Arxangel kilsəsi) or Flotskaya (Church of the Fleet) is a Russian Orthodox church in central Baku Azerbaijan on Zargarpalan street. The church is dedicated to St. Michael. The church is serviced by Hegumen Serafim (Bideyev) 3 priests and 1 deacon.
 Glenwood Cemetery is a 5 acres (2.0 ha) cemetery in Park City Utah. The site was first established in 1885 as a pioneer cemetery by silver miners. It is still in use and has 976 interments. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Waynesboro Downtown Historic District is a national historic district in Waynesboro Virginia. In 2002 it included 43 contributing buildings in the compact central business district of Waynesboro. The district includes churches houses mixed-use commercial buildings banks specialty stores offices a hotel restaurants and parking lots.
 The Thomas Murray House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Field Museum of Natural History located in Chicago Illinois USA is one of the largest natural history museums in the world. The museum maintains its status as a premier natural history museum through the size and quality of its educational and scientific programs as well as due to its extensive scientific specimen and artifact collections.
 Amami Wakōen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Amami Wakōen is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex-leprosy patients in Amami-shi Kagoshima-ken Japan starting in 1943. In 2008 there were 56 almost healthy residents and their average age was about 80 years.
 The Feusier Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 1067 Green Street in the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco California. It was built between 1857 and 1858 by George Kenny who sold it in 1870 to Louis Feusier. It is San Francisco Landmark 36 and is one of the two surviving octagon houses in the city.On March 24 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Trinity River Audubon Center which opened in mid-October 2008 is the central structure of the Trinity River Project a downtown Dallas public works project to redevelop the Trinity River where it flows through the Great Trinity Forest. The center is designed by architect Antoine Predock.The center will be the first LEED-certified building constructed by the Parks and Recreation Department of Dallas Texas.
 Washington Hall at University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame IN is the seventh oldest university owned building on the historic campus.
 The Henry House also known as William Henry House is a historic home near Bennington Vermont built in 1769 and now operated as an inn. It is adjacent to the Burt Henry Covered Bridge. It is located in the village of North Bennington along the Walloomsac River. It boasts 25 acres of meadow maple and pine. It was the birthplace of Horace Chapin Henry an early Seattle businessman. It is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Almon Asbury Lieuallen House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Located at 101 S. Almon St. in Moscow Idaho in Latah County the house was built in 1884. The structure has a mansard roof and two-story bays on either side of the entrance. The structure originally had a smaller covered porch and the bays were more visible than at present. A small railed balcony atop the porch was accessible by a door on the second floor.
 The Emery LDS Church is significant as the oldest remaining religious building in Emery County and as the last remaining “New England” clapboard style meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Utah. Structurally the meetinghouse is significant because of its wood frame construction sheathed in clapboard and lined with non-load bearing wall of adobe.
 Washington Park is a park in Springfield Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Located at 1400 Williams Boulevard the park features walking trails a botanical garden large duck pond rose garden carillon and carillon concerts. The park was purchased for city use in 1900 and construction began in 1901. Substantial drainage and dredging were required to turn the wetland portions of the future park into ponds and grassy space.
 The Carroll County Courthouse at 101 W. Main St. in Delphi Indiana was built in 1888. It was a work of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and others and is in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003; the listing included one contributing building and three contributing objects.
 Crednal is a historic home located near Unison Loudoun County Virginia. The building is an example of an early-19th-century Federal-style two-story five bay brick dwelling built in 1814 that was constructed around an existing 18th-century vernacular residential stone core. A two-story three-bay frame wing was constructed in 1870.
 St. Mary Magdalene Church in Wroclaw Poland is a gothic church located between Szewska and Laciarska street close to the central market square established in the 13th century. Currently it is a cathedral of the Polish Catholic Church led by Piotr Mikolajczak. It was here that the first evangelical service in Wroclaw was celebrated.During the Second World War the church was seriously damaged. In 1945 the legendary Sinner's Bell which was the biggest Silesian bell was also damaged.
 St Mary the Virgin's Church Stansted Mountfitchet is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Stansted Mountfitchet Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southeast of the village in the grounds of Stansted Hall. The church has been listed because of its historical value and internal features.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at 1115 36th Street in Galveston Texas.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 Homer G. Phillips Hospital was a hospital located at 2601 N. Whittier Street in The Ville neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. It was the city's only hospital for African-Americans from 1937 until 1955 when city hospitals were desegregated and continued to serve the black community of St. Louis until its closure in 1979. While in operation it was one of the few hospitals in the United States where black Americans could train as doctors and nurses and by 1961 Homer G.
 The Oaks House Museum also known as The Oaks located at 823 North Jefferson Street in Jackson Mississippi is the former home of Jackson Mayor James H. Boyd (1809–77) and his wife Eliza Ellis Boyd and their family. Having survived the burning of Jackson during the Civil War The Oaks is one of the oldest structures in the city. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a Mississippi Landmark.The structure was built in the Greek Revival style in approximately 1853.
 Clayton Historic District is a historic district in Clayton New York. It was originally listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and later its boundaries were increased in 1997.It includes the Capt. Simon Johnston House which is separately listed on the National Register.
 The House at 28 Cordis Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well preserved Greek Revival house. It was built c. 1835-45 and features rare original fluted Doric columns supporting its porch.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 at which time it also had a rare period fence; this feature has since been lost.
 Agudas Achim Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 2908 Valley Drive in Alexandria Virginia a suburb of Washington DC. The synagogue was founded in 1914 and its cemetery was founded in 1933.
 The Unitarian Universalist Church in Cortland New York (also known as The Old Cobblestone Church) was built in 1837 as a Universalist Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It has cobblestone walls and granite quoins. In 1895 a large arch was cut in the east cobblestone wall and a Morey and Barnes organ was set in the arch. This historic organ is one of only two such historic organs remaining.
 Holyoke City Hall is the historic city hall of Holyoke Massachusetts. It is located at 536 Dwight Street on the south east corner of High Street and Dwight Street. Construction began on the Gothic Revival structure in 1871 to a design by architect Charles B. Atwood. Difficulties and delays in construction were compounded by Atwood's failure to deliver updated drawings in a timely manner and the design work was turned over to H. F. Kilburn in 1874.
 Exchange and Provost also known as the Old Exchange & Provost Dungeon Custom House and Half-Moon Battery and The Exchange is a historic building located in Charleston South Carolina USA.It was built from 1767-1771 as the Royal Exchange.
 The Gustin House is a municipal and provincial designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The Trounce House also a historic building was relocated into the backyard of the Gustin House property in 1920. The Gustin House is a 1920s style residential home with a special piano studio that connects to the main living room in the by sliding glass doors permitting the use of the combined space for performances.
 The Plaza on DeWitt was completed in 1966 as a residential apartment building at 260 E. Chestnut Street in the Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago. Originally called the DeWitt-Chestnut Apartment Building and designed by Fazlur Khan while he was working for Skidmore Owings & Merrill it was the first building in the world to implement the tubular construction method later used for the World Trade Center.
 The Richard Wall house built 1682 is the oldest house in Pennsylvania which has had continuous family residency. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Wall House also known as The Ivy. Having hosted religious meetings and weddings the house is also among the earliest places of Quaker worship still standing in the United States. It is now a museum located at Church Road and Wall Park Drive Elkins Park Pennsylvania.
 The Milwaukee Art Museum (MAM) is an art museum with a collection of over 30000 works of art serving over 350000 visitors a year. The campus of three buildings is located on Lake Michigan in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Wamsutta Mills was a textile manufacturing company located in New Bedford Massachusetts a port which was known for its whaling ships. The company was named after Wamsutta the son of a Native American chief who negotiated an early alliance with the English settlers of the Plymouth Colony in the 17th century. Wamsutta Company's textile mill was founded by Thomas Bennett Jr. on the banks of the Acushnet River in 1846 and opened in 1848.
 House at 197 Hornbine Road is a historic house at 197 Hornbine Rd. in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Slifer House also known as Administration Building-Evangelical Home is a historic home located at Kelly Township Union County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Samuel Sloan and built in 1861 as a country home for Lewisburg merchant Eli Slifer (1818-1888). It has a 2 1/2-story brick square main section with two rectangular rear wings. The main section has a hipped roof with cross gables in a Victorian style.
 The Museum of Florida History is the U.S. state of Florida's history museum housing exhibits and artifacts covering its history and prehistory. It is located in the state capital Tallahassee Florida at the R. A.
 Rumford Point Congregational Church is an historic church at the State Route 5 and U.S. Route 2 junction in Rumford Maine.The Greek Revival church building was constructed in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Arctic Building is a nine-story building in Seattle Washington located at the Northeast corner of Third Avenue and Cherry Street. The building was built for the Arctic Club in 1916 and was occupied by them from construction until the club's dissolution in 1971. It is entirely faced with cream white terra cotta with submarine blue and orange-brown accents. It is particularly noted for the terra cotta walrus-heads lining the third floor of the building.
 San Silvestro is a former church in Pisa Italy facing piazza San Silvestro. It is now deconsecrated.
 Waddell's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located in what is now Atoka County Oklahoma. It is sometimes confused with Roger's Station a post-Civil War stage stand and post office which was three miles (5 km) in an easterly direction from Waddell's.Waddell's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#72001054) in 1972.
 The Aurora Hotel is a historic hotel building at 652-660 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The six story Classical Revival building was built in 1898 for Charles Stevens son of a Worcester businessman who was a lawyer and major landowner in the city. It features decorative carved stone panels bay windows with pressed metal ornamentation and a pressed metal cornice.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has since been converted to apartments.
 City Harvest Church (Chinese: 城市丰收教会) or CHC is a pentecostal megachurch in Singapore.Founded in 1989 by Kong Hee the church officially bases its values on Charismatic and Pentecostal teachings with emphases on such doctrines as the Great Commandment the Great Commission and the Cultural Mandate.City Harvest Church is a member of several interchurch organisations including the National Council of Churches of Singapore Evangelical Fellowship of Singapore and Festival of Praise Fellowship. 
 The Old Flagler County Courthouse is an historic two-story redbrick courthouse building located at 200 East Moody Boulevard in Bunnell Florida. Designed by Wilbur Talley in the Classical Revival style it was built in 1924 by O. P. Woodcock to serve Flagler County which had been created in 1917. It was the county's second courthouse building and its first purpose built one. In 1985 a three-story addition was attached to its rear.
 Asia is a residential skyscraper on Brickell Key in the Brickell district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. The tower rises 483 feet (147 m) with 36 floors. Asia was topped out in mid-2007 and was completed structurally in January 2008. It is currently the 20th-tallest building in Miami. The tower is one of several new residential developments taking place in Miami and is a part of the city's recent Manhattanization wave.
 The Second Cambridge Savings Bank Building is an historic bank building at 11-21 Dunster Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The Italian Renaissance masonry building was built in 1897 by the Cambridge Savings Bank. It is one of the finest examples of pre-World War I architecture in Harvard Square.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and included in an expansion of the Harvard Square Historic District in 1988.
 Baer House at 1010 Rock St. Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman architecture. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson.
 Skyper is a building complex in the Bahnhofsviertel district of Frankfurt Germany. The tallest of the three buildings is a 38-storey 154 m (505 ft) skyscraper. Its quadrant-shaped silhouette is a distinctive part of the Frankfurt cityscape. Completed in 2004 the tower is linked by a 9 m (30 ft) glass atrium to a neo-classical villa dating from 1915.
 The Shelden-Dee Block is a commercial building located on the corner of Shelden Avenue and Isle Royale Street in Houghton Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Forest Fair Village (formerly Cincinnati Mall Cincinnati Mills and Forest Fair Mall) is a shopping mall in Forest Park Ohio in the northern suburbs of Cincinnati United States at the junction of Interstate 275 and Gilmore Road (Exit 39). Currently Cincinnati Mall is a two-story enclosed mall comprising less than 10 stores and services as well as a food court and a movie theater; anchor stores include Danbarry Dollar Saver Cinemas Kohl's and Babies R Us.
 Roughwood originally known as Lamb's Tavern is a historic home located at Devon Easttown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It consists of three sections. The oldest section was built in 1819 on the foundations of an earlier log structure dated to about 1805. It is constructed of green serpentine ashlar and coated in stucco. The dining room wing was added in 1821-1822 when the house was used as a tavern. The third wing is the kitchen wing with later service room additions.
 Transfiguration (Polish: Parafia Przemienienia Pańskiego w Cleveland) was a Catholic parish church in Cleveland Ohio and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland. It was located at the south-west corner of intersection of Broadway Ave. and Fullerton Ave. in a part of the South Broadway neighborhood previously known in Polish as Warszawa also referred to today as Slavic Village.
 Becconsall Old Church is a redundant church in the village of Hesketh Bank Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is situated on a lane leading to a boatyard on the River Douglas.
 Downtown Baptist Church formerly known as Greenville First Baptist Church is a historic church located at 101 W. McBee Avenue in Greenville South Carolina.The Greek Revival building designed by architect Samuel Sloan was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. In 2011 the building was renovated removing side galleries and balconies that were added in 1915. It is now the home of Grace Church.
 St Patrick's Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Bizana in the Alfred Nzo District of the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
 The Gorham A. Worth House is a historic residence in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located atop a hill along Auburncrest Avenue the house was built in 1819 in a version of the Federal style of architecture.Gorham A. Worth purchased rural property northeast of the village of Cincinnati in 1818. He had settled in Hamilton County one year previously having been named the cashier of the Cincinnati branch of the Bank of the United States.
 SM City Rosario is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings. It is the fourth SM Supermall in the province of Cavite. It is located at General Trias Drive Tejeros Convention in the town of Rosario. It has a gross floor area of 58000 square meters featuring major SM anchor tenants like the SM Department Store SM Supermarket SM Foodcourt SM Cinemas and more than 100 shops and restaurants.
 The Morgan Library & Museum – formerly the Pierpont Morgan Library – is a museum and research library located at 225 Madison Avenue at East 36th Street in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was founded to house the private library of J. P. Morgan in 1906 which included besides the manuscripts and printed books some of them in rare bindings his collection of prints and drawings.
 St. Mary's Church Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes Isle of Wight.
 St. Helen's Church Stapleford is a parish church in the Church of England in Stapleford Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.Stapleford cross in the churchyard is listed Grade I and is also a scheduled ancient monument.
 Stockland Rockhampton is a major shopping centre located on the Bruce Highway in Park Avenue a suburb of Rockhampton.
 The March Field Air Museum is an aviation museum near Moreno Valley and Riverside California adjacent to March Air Reserve Base.
 Scotchtown is a plantation located in Hanover County Virginia that from 1771-1778 was owned and used as a residence by Patrick Henry his wife Sarah and their children. He was a revolutionary and elected in 1778 as the first Governor of Virginia. The house is located in Beaverdam Virginia 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Ashland Virginia on VA 685. The house at 93 feet (28 m) by 35 feet (11 m) is one of the largest 18th-century homes to survive in the Americas.
 The Church of Saint Oswald King and Martyr is a Church of England church serving the village and parish of Oswaldkirk North Yorkshire England. It is located along the main road passing through the village the B7363 road (Oswaldkirk Main Street) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) east of Ampleforth Abbey. Dedicated to the Christian saint Saint Oswald it is over 900 years old and run by the Church of England.
 Wesley's Chapel is a Methodist church in London which was built by John Wesley the founder of the Methodist movement. The site also is now both a place of worship and a visitor attraction; incorporating the Museum of Methodism in its crypt and John Wesley's House next to the main chapel.The chapel was opened in 1778 to replace John Wesley's earlier London chapel The Foundery.
 The E. C. Love House is a historic home in Quincy Florida United States. It is located at 219 North Jackson Street. On December 30 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Thursford Collection is a museum located in Thursford Norfolk. Founded by local man George Cushing it is now known for the scale of its collection of steam engines organs and fairground attractions and its annual Christmas spectacular show which draws over 100000 people to the Norfolk countryside.The Thursford Collection is a registered charity under English law.
 The Basilica of St. Pius X known as the Underground Basilica is a large Roman Catholic church and minor basilica located in the town of Lourdes France. It is part of the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes. Lourdes is a major Catholic pilgrimage site and the Catholic Church endorses the belief that the Virgin Mary appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous there.The Basilica of St. Pius X is the largest and most controversial of the Domain's churches.
 The Church of All Saints in Lullington Somerset England dates from the 12th century the south aisle from around 1280 and the chancel tower and south porch circa 1450. The church was restored in 1862 by T. H. Wyatt. It is a Grade I listed building.The north door of the church has a tree of life tympanum.Henry Waldegrave 11th Earl Waldegrave was the rector of the village in the early 20th century.
 The Church of St. Mary the Virgin and All Souls Bulwell is a parish church in the Church of England.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The Paul Shoup House also known as the Shoup House is a historic residence in Los Altos Santa Clara County California United States. It was built as an American Craftsman- and Shingle-style home in 1910 for railroad executive Paul Shoup. In 2011 it was designated a historic site by the National Register of Historic Places; the first such designation in Los Altos.
 The Mid-Western Regional Hospital Ennis (also known as Ennis General Hospital) is a public hospital located in Ennis County Clare Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including an 8am-8pm emergency department for the population of County Clare. In 2008 the hospital served 12295 out-patients and 5067 in-patients with an average stay of 5.8 nights.
 The Armsby Block is an historic commercial building at 144-148 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The five story brick building was designed by Stephen Earle and built in 1885 with storefronts on the ground floor and a boarding house above. It features modest Victorian Gothic styling including corbelling at the roof line and a decorative gable at the center of the main facade. It currently contains offices for the Worcester County Sheriff and a restaurant at street level.
 West Woods Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Gumboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1891 and is in the Gothic Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The William J. Rotch Gothic Cottage is a National Historic Landmark on 19 Irving Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.Alexander Jackson Davis built Rotch Cottage in a Gothic Revival style in 1845 and the house was included in The Architecture of Country Houses (1850) bringing it early fame. The house was added to the National Historic Register in 2006.
 Cushman Dam No. 2 is a hydroelectric dam on the North Fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County Washington United States forming Lake Kokanee. Built in 1930 its three 27000 kilowatt generators provide 233 million kilowatt-hours annually to the Tacoma Power system. Along with Cushman Dam No. 1 it is part of Tacoma Power's Cushman Project.Construction began in 1929 and power production began in December 1930.
 The North Brevard Historical Museum is located at 301 South Washington Avenue Titusville Florida. The Historical Society of North Brevard runs the museum and it houses historical artifacts.
 The Samuel Merrill House is a two-story single family residence designed by Walter H. Ratcliff and landscape architect Mabel Symmes and constructed in 1938. It was built for mining engineer and businessman Charles Washington Merrill.
 The Fordyce House in Hot Springs Arkansas was built in 1910. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Druid's Head Inn is a grade II listed building in the town centre of Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is located in the historic Glendower Street and Chippenhamgate Street neighbourhood within the medieval town walls. The building served as a public house during most of its history but for the last several decades has been the headquarters of the Monmouth Rugby Football Club.
 The Mission Church is a historic Congregational church located at the corner of Huron and Tuscott Streets on Mackinac Island Michigan United States. Built in 1829 it is the oldest existing church in the state of Michigan. In 1971 the church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Al Salam Tecom Tower is a 47-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 195 m (640 ft). Construction of the Al Salam Tecom Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.On 14 May 2008 a fire broke out on the 47th floor of Al Salam Tecom Tower. There were no reported injuries.
 Edgerley is a historic home and residential complex located at Oakland in Livingston County New York. The 1 1⁄2-story original house was built in 1828 and is a rare example of Tidewater architecture in upstate New York with Roman Classic massing and Greek Revival detailing. Attached to it are a stucco addition from the 1870s and a stucco addition with garage from the 1930s.
 Market House also known as The Market Hall and The D.L.& W. Hall is a historic market building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1835 and is a massive brick and stone structure overlooking the Oswego River. The structure originally housed several government entities including city hall. A new city hall was constructed in 1870 and completed in 1872. A section of the basement is believed to have been used as a jail.
 Towers Karpoš IV Tower III is a building tied for second tallest building in Macedonia. It is located in the Karpoš municipality of Skopje. Towers Karpoš IV Tower III stands at 19 storeys.
 The Moseley Railway Trust is a major British collection of industrial narrow gauge locomotives and other equipment. It originally had its base in south Manchester but has relocated to the Apedale Community Country Park near Newcastle-under-Lyme Staffordshire where the Apedale Valley Light Railway and an important museum are being established next to the Apedale Heritage Centre.Phase 1 of the 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge Apedale Valley Light Railway opened to the public in during July 2010.
 The Golden Rose Synagogue (Дніпропетровська Хоральна Синагога «Золота Роза») is a synagogue on Kotsyubinskiy Street/Sholom Aleichem street in Dnipropetrovsk Ukraine.
 The Edward J. Schwartz United States Courthouse is the current courthouse building located in San Diego California. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The 103rd Congress designated the building under H.R. 3770 in 1994 which became Public Law 103-228. The Courthouse is one of the busiest federal court houses in the nation. The Current courthouse is 895000 square feet.
 The Elizabeth Cady Stanton House in Tenafly Bergen County New Jersey United States is where Elizabeth Cady Stanton lived from 1868 to 1887 her most active years as a women's rights activist. She had previously lived in Seneca Falls New York and Boston Massachusetts. Her home in Tenafly was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.Her home in Seneca Falls was earlier declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 King's Chapel is a small chapel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located at the southern end of Main Street and adjoins the Governor of Gibraltar's residence The Convent. What nowadays is King's Chapel was the first purpose built church to be constructed in Gibraltar. Originally part of a Franciscan friary the chapel was built in the 1530s but was given to the Church of England by the British after the capture of Gibraltar in 1704.
 Shacolas Tower is the completed highrise building located in the centre of old Nicosia the capital of Cyprus in Ledra Street. It is currently the highest building in Nicosia. It is considered a hallmark of the city's old town. The first 5 floors are Debenhams department stores and the 6th floor is a cafeteria offering a panoramic view of the old city of Nicosia. The 11th floor is an observatory and a museum overlooking the whole capital.
 The Francis J. Dewes House is a house located at 503 West Wrightwood Avenue in Chicago Illinois United States. The house was built in 1896 by Adolph Cudell and Arthur Hercz for brewer Francis J. Dewes. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 12 1974. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 14 1973Wealthy German immigrants including Wacker Leight Gaetner Deever and Schlosser constructed luxurious mansions east of Clark Street in Chicago's Lincoln Park.
 The Biddeford City Hall is located in Biddeford Maine. The building was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24 1973.
 110 Plaza also known as the Commonwealth Building or the 110 Tower Building is a 266 feet (81 m) modernist office building in downtown San Diego Civic / Core Neighborhood. The address of the building 110 West A Street San Diego CA 92109 and is bordered by Front Street A Street 1st Avenue and Ash Street.When the building opened in 1971 it was the first all glass high rise in San Diego.
 The International Museum and Library of Bologna is a music museum and library located in the Palazzo Aldini Sanguinetti in the historic center of Bologna.
 North Hanover Mall is a shopping mall in Hanover Pennsylvania. It is anchored by J.C. Penney Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears and is managed by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT).
 The Erastus Corning Tower also known as the Mayor Erastus Corning 2nd Tower or simply the Corning Tower is a skyscraper located in downtown Albany New York. Completed in 1966 and sided with Vermont Pearl marble and glass the state office building is part of the Empire State Plaza. At 589 feet (180 m) and 44 stories in height it is the tallest skyscraper in the state of New York outside of the city of New York.
 Keene Valley Library is a historic library building located at Keene Valley in Essex County New York. The original building was built in 1896 with additions completed in 1923 1931 1962 and 1985. The original main block is a one story timber frame structure on a random ashlar foundation. The building exhibits features of the Shingle Style and Adirondack Architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Liang Court (Simplified Chinese: 亮阁 Traditional Chinese: 亮閣 Pinyin: Liàng Gé) is a shopping mall located in the vicinity of Clarke Quay on the Singapore River. Liang Court has been renovated and the works were completed by 2nd quarter of 2008. The Grand Launch after renovation works were completed was held on 14 November 2008. The anchor tenants are Books Kinokuniya Meidi-Ya Starbucks and Audio House. Other tenants are McDonalds and small shops.
 The Museo Popol Vuh (Popol Vuh Museum) is home to one of the major collections of Maya art in the world. It is located on the campus of the Universidad Francisco Marroquin in Zone 10 Guatemala City and is known for its extensive collection of pre-Columbian and colonial art of the Maya culture. The Popol Vuh Museum is a private nonprofit scientific institution supported by its own funds and external donations.
 The Monastery of the Precious Blood is a building in southeast Portland Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The A. M. Lamb House is a historic building in Ruskin Florida United States. It is located at 2410 West Shell Road. On October 12 2007 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The house was built in 1910 in Palmetto and was the home of Mississippi banker Asa Lamb and his family.In September 2007 as part of an arrangement with Manatee County to preserve it the house was moved by boat across the Tampa Bay from Palmetto to Ruskin.
 The Lloyd's building (sometimes known as the Inside-Out Building) is the home of the insurance institution Lloyd's of London. It is located on the former site of East India House in Lime Street in London's main financial district the City of London.
 P.Z. Meyer Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Humansdorp Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Occupational Services Medical Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services Out Patients Department Laundry Services Kitchen Services.
 The Qiao Family Compound (simplified Chinese: 乔家大院; traditional Chinese: 喬家大院; pinyin: Qiáojiā Dàyuàn) is located 30 kilometers northeast of the historic Pingyao city China. It is famous for being the chief location in the film Raise the Red Lantern.
 Olden Church (Norwegian: Olden kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Olden on the north end of the Oldedalen valley. The church is part of the Olden parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red wooden church was built in 1934 to replace the Old Olden Church as the main church for the parish. The church was designed by the architect Daniel J.
 Ertogrul Gazi Mosque on Azadi str. is a mosque located just south of Magtymguly şayoliin Ashgabat Turkmenistan. It was one of the first mosques built after the independence of Turkmenistan in the early 1990s and like several other mosques in the country resembles that of the Blue Mosque in İstanbul.However during its construction there were a number of accidental deaths as a result it attracts few worshippers as some people are convinced it gives bad luck.
 The Kewanee Hotel in Kewanee Illinois was built in 1916. It was designed by Hewitt & Emerson in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Bindley Hardware Company Building in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1903 alongside of the Pennsylvania Railroad main line next to the Shadyside Station. The building was constructed for John Bindley by his brother Albion. John had been the president of the Pittsburg Chamber of Commerce and of the National Hardware Association.
 The Murdock School is an historic school building on Murdock Avenue in Winchendon Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Romanesque brick building was built in 1887 with funds donated by Captain Ephraim Murdock Jr. whose father had previously donated the Winchendon Academy building to the town. The building is the most elaborate school building in the town.
 The International Longshoreman's Association Hall is a historic labor union meeting hall in Mobile Alabama. The International Longshoremen's Association established the Mobile chapter in 1936 in order to represent the city's African American longshoremen. The hall was built in 1949 in the Art Moderne style. Many prominent African-American entertainers performed in its auditorium. It became a gathering place during the Civil Rights Movement.
 Camp Ground Methodist Church is a historic church on Camp Ground Road in Fayetteville North Carolina.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Chilston Park is a country house in Boughton Malherbe Kent England. Started in the 15th century the house has been modified many times and is a Grade I listed building currently operated as a country house hotel.
 The Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya formerly Prince of Wales Museum of Western India is the main museum in Mumbai formerly Bombay. It was founded in the early years of the 20th century by prominent citizens of Bombay with the help of the government to commemorate the visit of the then prince of Wales. It is located in the heart of South Mumbai near the Gateway of India.
 The Dar-el-Makhzen (or Sultanate Palace) is a historical building in Tangier Morocco which was the seat of residence for the Sultans of Morocco when staying in the city. It was built during the reign of sultan Moulay Ismail in the 17th century. The structure was built by Ahmad ben Ali al-Rifi general of the Jaysh al-Rifi and semi-autonomous gouvernour of Tangiers. It was built in the Kasbah on one of the highest points of the city overlooking the Medina and the Strait of Gibraltar.
 The Duke of Edinburgh Hotel is a 4-star luxury hotel located on Abbey Road in Barrow-in-Furness England. The building itself was built in 1871 and was granted grade II status in 1976. The hotel was built during a period of great economic growth in Barrow the town was home to the largest steelworks in the world and one of the most important shipyards in the country.
 Museo Ferrari (previously known as Galleria Ferrari) is a Ferrari company museum dedicated to the Ferrari sports car marque. The museum is not purely for cars;also on view are trophies photographs and other historical objects relating to the Italian motor racing industry.
 The Church of Saint Gregory VII (Italian: Chiesa di San Gregorio VII) is a Roman Catholic parish church on the Via del Cottolengo (Via Gregorio VII) Rome dedicated to Saint Gregory VII. It was built by Mario Paniconi and Giulio Pediconi from 1960 to 1961 to serve a parish erected by Pope Pius XII in 1952. Its roof is held by 10 concrete piers and is structurally independent of the walls which end before they reach the roof (the empty space between them being filled with glass).
 The John M. Wells House is a historic house at 491 Eastford Road in Southbridge Massachusetts United States. The Wells family were the founders of the American Optical Company a leading business in Southbridge. The house John M. Wells had built in 1927 was reminiscent of a French chateau and was the first to be built in the Cohasset Farms section of Southbridge. The only previous development in the rural area had been the development of the Cohasset Country Club in 1919.
 South Junior High School is a historic junior high school building at 444 Granite Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The Classical Revival style building was constructed in 1927 by Shephard & Stearns and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at Ann and Bow Streets in Fayetteville North Carolina.It was built in 1816 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Ruttonjee Hospital (Chinese: 律敦治醫院) is a hospital in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. It is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine at the University of Hong Kong and provides clinical attachment opportunities for the university's medical students.
 The Abbey Church of Waltham Holy Cross and St Lawrence is the parish church of the town of Waltham Abbey Essex in England. It has been a place of worship since the 7th century. The present building dates mainly from the early 12th century and is a fine example of Norman architecture. To the east of the existing church are traces of an enormous eastward enlargement of the building begun following the re-foundation of the abbey in 1177.
 Hays Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located in Montgomery Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes two contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The buildings are a three-story five bay limestone house and bank barn dated to the early-19th century. The structures are an early-19th century stone double arch bridge and a Burr Truss covered bridge dated to 1883.
 The Presidio County Courthouse is located in Marfa in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1964.
 Lake Point Tower is a high-rise residential building located on a promontory of the Lake Michigan lakefront in downtown Chicago just north of the Chicago River at 505 North Lake Shore Drive. It is located in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side community area. It rises somewhat apart from the urban cluster of downtown Chicago in a composition that sets off and punctuates the skyline. The building is also the only skyscraper in downtown Chicago east of Lake Shore Drive.
 The Soo Locks (sometimes spelled Sault Locks but pronounced soo) are a set of parallel locks which enable ships to travel between Lake Superior and the lower Great Lakes. They are located on the St. Marys River between Lake Superior and Lake Huron between the Upper Peninsula of the US state of Michigan and the Canadian province of Ontario.
 Bocage Plantation is a historic plantation located on Louisiana Highway 942 along the River Road in Darrow Ascension Parish on the east bank of the Mississippi River (but on a meander that puts it north and west of the river). The plantation is across the river from the parish seat of Donaldsonville and about 25 miles southeast of Baton Rouge. The plantation house was constructed in 1837 in Greek Revival style with Creole influences especially in the floorplan.
 The Buckingham formerly known as Buckingham Plaza is a 44-story all-residential condominium designed by Fujikawa Johnson & Associates. Located on East Randolph Street in Chicago Illinois the building sits between the new 340 on the Park building to its west and the older Outer Drive East building to its east. Two parks Millennium Park and Lakeshore East Park are immediately located to The Buckingham's south and north faces respectively.
 The Museo de Arte Contemporáneo (English: Museum of Contemporary Art) formerly known as Museo Municipal de Arte Contemporáneo is a museum in Madrid Spain located in the historic barracks of the Conde Duque a building designed by the architect Pedro de Ribera at the beginning of the 18th century. It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1976.
 Elihu Root House was the home of American statesman Elihu Root.
 St. James AME Church is a historic African Methodist church at 222 N. Roman Street in New Orleans Louisiana.The Neo-Gothic church was built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Farewell Priory was a priory in Staffordshire England. It was founded at Farewell by Roger de Clinton Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry (1129 – 48). The nunnery was originally established as an abbey but was later recorded as a Benedictine priory. The priory was dissolved in 1527 and the income granted to Lichfield Cathedral to support their choristers. In 1550 the Dean and Chapter of Lichfield granted the lands of the former priory to William Lord Paget.
 The Galeries Lafayette (French pronunciation: ​[ɡalʁi lafajɛt]) is an upmarket French department store located on Boulevard Haussmann in the 9th arrondissement of Paris. In 2009 Galeries Lafayette recorded earnings of over one billion euro. It is a part of the company Groupe Galeries Lafayette.
 Highgrove is a 18-story luxury high-rise in Stamford Connecticut. Designed by Robert A.M. Stern the Dean of Architecture at Yale University Highgrove consists of 92 residences. Highgrove is located on Forest and Grove Street in Downtown Stamford.
 Pendle Heritage Centre is a museum and visitor centre in Barrowford Lancashire England dedicated to the history and heritage of Pendle. The heritage centre occupies Park Hill a two-storey former farmhouse which has a 1661 date stone but was developed over an extended period between the 16th century and the beginning of the 18th century.
 The Chapel of St. Mary the Virgin is located in Nashotah Wisconsin. It is part of Nashotah House. The chapel's design has been attributed to James Douglas and Richard Upjohn. It was designed in the Gothic architecture style. On February 23 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its significance in architecture and religion.
 Ballard-Maupin House also known as Plainview Farm is a historic home located at Free Union Albemarle County Virginia. The original part of the house was built in the 1750-1790 period and is the one-story with attic three-bay gable-roofed frame section on the east. Around 1800-1820 the house was extended on the west by an additional two bays and an attic story was added. It measures approximately 34 feet wide and 30 feet deep.
 Aiken Mile Track located in Aiken South Carolina was built around 1936 during the heart of the Great Depression. Horses and horse racing is known as the “sport of kings.” Within that context it is significant that such a track should be built during a time of nationwide double-digit unemployment and noteworthy in the sense that it contributed to Aiken’s success as an equestrian center and “Winter Colony” during those difficult days.
 The Notre-Dame-en-Vaux at Châlons-en-Champagne and Verdun. It is a major masterpiece in Marne .
 The Region 6 War Room is a nuclear bunker dating from the early days of the cold war on the Whiteknights Park campus of the University of Reading in the English town of Reading.
 The 511 Federal Building is a former federal post office that currently houses Department of Homeland Security offices for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Portland Oregon United States.
 The John Bottume House is a historic house at 4 Woodland Road in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1859 it is a T-shaped Italianate house fashioned out of uncoursed granite rising 2.5 stories. Its roof line is fully bracketed as is the gable end of the roof and it has round-arched windows. It was built for John Bottume a merchant and was one of several houses built during that period along the shores of Spot Pond.
 Mugaritzis a well-known restaurant in Rentería Guipúzcoa (Spain) which opened on March 1998 under the management of Chef Andoni Luis Aduriz. It is considered one of the World’s best restaurants since 2006 according to Restaurant Magazine and has been recently been ranked fourth in this toplist.
 The Charles Wintzer Building is a historic brick commercial building in downtown Wapakoneta Ohio United States. Built in 1872 at the intersection of Auglaize and Blackhoof Streets it has always been primarily an industrial building. It was declared a historic site in 2010.
 The Baldwinville Village Historic District is a historic district roughly on Elm and South Main Streets between Pleasant Street and Mt. View in Baldwinville a village in Templeton Massachusetts.The district features Greek Revival and Queen Anne architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Washington School is a building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It was designed by William J. Edwards in Classical Revival style and was built by contractors Melby & Standahl.
 The Óbuda Synagogue is a synagogue built in Óbuda Hungary in 1820.
 Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 which includes Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground in Middletown Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States.It is one of the sites administered by the National Parks of New York Harbor office of the National Park Service.
 The 2nd Avenue Lofts is a historic building located in the Central Business District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada.The original building on the site was a five story concrete and steel building with a pressed brick facade building constructed in 1913 to house the J.F. Cairns Department Store. J. F. Cairns settled in Saskatoon in 1902 opening the first mill in the city before entering the retail business. The five story building was built by G.H.
 The Royal Exchange in London was founded in the 16th century by the merchant Thomas Gresham to act as a centre of commerce for the City of London. The site was provided by the City of London Corporation and the Worshipful Company of Mercers who still jointly own the freehold. It is trapezoidal in shape and is flanked by Cornhill and Threadneedle Street which converge at Bank junction in the heart of the City.
 The Lyceum was a gentlemen's club in Bold Street Liverpool England. It also housed Europe's first lending library and in later years was pressed into service as the city’s head post office. The colonnaded front looks out onto Bold street. A side entrance to Liverpool Central station is to the right.The Neo-classical building was designed by architect Thomas Harrison of Chester and was built between 1800-1802.
 Union Avenue United Methodist Church was a historic church building in Memphis Tennessee that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under the name Union Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church South. The building was located on a street corner at 2117 Union Avenue.The building was no longer in use as a church when it was sold in February 2011 to CVS Pharmacy.
 Thomas VanMetre or Vanmetre House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia USA. It was built in 1838 and is a two story five bay red brick vernacular I-house. It has a side gable roof and a single bay pedimented portico supported by Doric order columns. Also on the property is summer kitchen (c. 1838).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Mellenville Railroad Station now known as Mellenville Grange is a historic train station and Grange located in Mellenville Columbia County New York. It was built about 1900 by the Boston and Albany Railroad on their Hudson Branch. It is a one story brick building with a slate covered hipped roof. It features heavy wood and scroll-sawn brackets that support the roof overhang. Also on the property is a contributing privy.
 The Troitskaya Tower (Russian: Троицкая башня literally Trinity Tower) is a tower with a through-passage in the center of the northwestern wall of the Moscow Kremlin which overlooks the Alexander Garden.The Troitskaya Tower was built in 1495-1499 by an Italian architect Aloisio da Milano (known in Russia as Aleviz Fryazin Milanets). The tower has borne several names including Rizopolozhenskaya Znamenskaya and Karetnaya.
 The Andrew P. Frizzell House and Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland United States. It is a well-preserved example of the Victorian style. It is a two story brick home built in 1896 with a five-bay symmetrical façade. Also on the property are a washhouse/smokehouse privy chicken house corn crib and bank barn. Its owner Andrew P.
 St. Andrew's Church is a Presbyterian Church in Kingston Ontario. The church opened for service in 1822. St. Andrews was the center of Presbyterianism in Upper Canada and the church was instrumental in the establishment of Queen's College later to become Queen's University.
 Swiss Diamond Prishtina is a 5 star hotel in Pristina Kosovo. It is internationally awarded with the International Star Diamond Award from The American Academy of Hospitality Sciences for its luxurious ambiance and the personalized services offered.
 St Helen's Church Tarporley is in the village of Tarporley Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is united with those of St John and Holy Cross Cotebrook St Thomas Eaton and St Paul Utkinton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Clare Town Hall also known as Town of Clare Museum is a historic town hall building located at Clare in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a simple 1-story three-by-three-bay clapboard-sided frame building 30 feet wide and 50 feet 6 inches long. It was used as the town hall until 1968 when it became the town museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Oakdale is a historic home and farm located near Floyd in Floyd County and Franklin County Virginia. The house was built about 1890 and is a large two-story three bay frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It has a complex hipped roof and features a double-tier heavily ornamented front porch with turned posts a spindle frieze and sawn brackets. Also on the property are a contributing large center-aisle barn (c. 1890) a two-story brick general store building (c.
 Medak Cathedral at Medak in Andhra Pradesh India is the largest church in Andhra Pradesh and has been the cathedral church of the Diocese of Medak of the Church of South India since 1947. Originally built by British Wesleyan Methodists it was consecrated on 25 December 1924. The Medak diocese is the single largest diocese in Asia and the second in the world after the Vatican.
 HM Prison Durham is a local Category B men's prison located in the Elvet area of Durham in County Durham England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Aventura Mall is an upscale super-regional shopping mall in Aventura Florida a northern suburb of Miami. It is the largest conventional shopping mall in Florida having a gross leasable area of 2700000 square feet (250000 m2) and is the third largest shopping center in the United States. The mall has three floors of retail space comprising more than 300 retailers.
 Bacharach Institute for Rehabilitation is an inpatient and outpatient acute rehabilitation hospital in Pomona New Jersey with 50 beds. The Bacharach Institute also includes a subacute rehabilitation center called Renaissance Pavilion with 29 beds. Bacharach treats patients after strokes spinal cord injuries brain injuries and other acute illnesses or traumas.
 Burgruine Sturmberg is a castle in Naas Styria Austria.
 Paradise Park or formerly known as Seri Center is a shopping mall located in Prawet District Bangkok Thailand. The retail giants Siam Piwat and MBK made a new joint-venture for new opportunities in the suburbs of Bangkok their Paradise Park Srinakarin transformed Seri Center at a total cost of Bt3.2 billion. The mall opened officially on August 24 2010 . It has been a rival to a nearby mall Seacon Square.
 Blue Hills Parkway is a historic road that runs in a straight line from a crossing of the Neponset River at the south border of Boston to the north edge of the Blue Hills Reservation in Milton Massachusetts. It was designed by the noted landscape architect Charles Eliot who is perhaps best known for the esplanades along the Charles River.
 Planet Godrej is located in South Mumbai on plot of 9-acre (3.6 ha) at Mahalaxmi Mumbai Planet Godrej is one of the tallest towers in India. The tower is 181 m (594 ft) and 51 floors high. Only 5% of the total land was used to build the building leading to a large amount of open space. It was designed by the internationally renowned Singapore-based DP Architects and was also awarded the PINNACLE Award 2006 by Zee Business.
 The Thirty-third Street Bridge in Philadelphia carries Thirty-third Street (U.S. Route 13) over the former course of Master Street in the Brewerytown section of North Philadelphia near Fairmount Park. The bridge was built in 1901 with an unusual skewed arch and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Ashlar or dressed stone covers the exterior of the arch but the unusual skewed ribs are made of brick.
 The Basilica of Sant'Eustorgio is a church in Milan in northern Italy located within the Basilicas Park city park. It was for many years an important stop for pilgrims on their journey to Rome or to the Holy Land because it was the site of the tomb of the Three Magi or Three Kings.Probably founded in the 4th century its name refers to Eustorgius I the bishop of Milan to whom is attributed the translation of the supposed relics of the Magi to the city from Constantinople in 344.
 John Ayres House is a historic home located at Middle Paxton Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. The original section was built between 1800 and 1810 and expanded between 1815 and 1825. It is a large 2 1/2-story 5-bay limestone dwelling in the Federal style. Also on the property are a contributing gazebo carriage house (c. 1895) stable early stone pig or sheep barn (c. 1895) spring house and tennis courts (1939).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Persinger House is a historic home located at Covington Alleghany County Virginia. The original section was built about 1757 and enlarged in 1888. It is a two-story six bay single-pile log and frame house with weatherboard siding and a gable roof. A 20th century kitchen is connected to the house by a hyphen. It features a two-story porch supported by chamfered posts simple cut-out friezes and a Chinese lattice railing.
 The Epigraphical Museum (Greek: Επιγραφικόν μουσείον) of Athens Greece is the third-largest museum of ancient inscriptions in the world. Its collection comprises 13500 inscriptions mostly Greek from early historical times to the Late Roman period. It is situated in the south wing of the National Archaeological Museum of Athens. Four of its rooms are accessible to visitors while the rest is reserved for researchers.
 Grote of Sint-Jacobskerk (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣroːtə ɔf sɪntˈjaːkɔpsˌkɛrk] Great or St. James Church) is a landmark Protestant church in The Hague Netherlands. The building is located on the Torenstraat named for its high tower. Together with the Binnenhof it is one of the oldest buildings in The Hague. Members of the House of Orange-Nassau have been baptised there. The latest are Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and his daughter Catharina-Amalia Princess of Orange.
 Tour Perret is a 27-storey 103.9 m (341 ft) residential skyscraper in Amiens France.
 The Church of St Job (Italian: Chiesa di San Giobbe) is a Roman Catholic church in Venice northern Italy dedicated to Saint Job. It is located in the Cannaregio overlooking the campo of the same name known as Sant'Agiopo in Venetian on the left bank of the Cannaregio canal at Ponte dei Tre Archi. It is one of the five votive churches built in Venice after an onset of plague.
 211 West Fort Street is a 27-story skyscraper in Downtown Detroit Michigan. Construction began in 1961 and finished in 1963. The building stands at the southeast corner of Fort Street and Washington Boulevard. It was constructed adjacent to the Detroit Trust Company Building designed by Albert Kahn in 1915 as offices for the Detroit Bank and Trust Company later known as Comerica. The bank occupied space in the building until 1993 when it moved to One Detroit Center.
 Dunham Castle is an early medieval castle in Dunham Massey England (grid reference SJ73428742). The castle is first referred to in 1173 in a document stating Hamo de Masci held the castles of Dunham and Ullerwood. Documentary evidence suggests the castle at Dunham was still standing in 1323. The castle fell into disuse between 1323 and 1362. The castle probably existed on a mound or motte near the site of where Dunham Massey Hall is today.
 Jubilee Hospital Huntly Aberdeenshire Scotland is a small hospital.Jubilee Hospital was opened in 1888 having been built from public subscription. The Jubilee is now a busy 37 bed community hospital comprising 12 old-age psychiatry beds 25 General practitioner acute and some used as surgical beds. There is currently a visiting surgeon who does a list twice monthly. The maternity unit has 4 beds and is midwife led.
 The South Side School in Geneseo Illinois was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It was designed by architect John W. Ross and was built by Volk Construction Co..
 Spring Onion Culture Museum (Chinese: 青蔥文化館; pinyin: Qīngcōng Wénhuàguǎnn) is a museum located in Sanxing Township Yilan County Taiwan.
 Saint Raphael's is the Catholic cathedral parish for the Archdiocese of Dubuque in Iowa. The parish is the oldest church of any Christian denomination in the state of Iowa. It is part of the Cathedral Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The General Electric Switchgear Plant is a historic factory building located at 421 North 7th Street at Willow Street in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1916 and is a seven-story seven bay by nine bay reinforced concrete building with brick facing. It was designed by William Steele & Company for General Electric which manufactured electric switchboard equipment there.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Hotel Capri is a recently reopened high rise hotel located in central Havana.In 1955 President Batista enacted Hotel Law 2070 offering tax incentives government loans and casino licenses to anyone wishing to build hotels in excess of $1000000 or nightclubs for $200000 in Havana. This bill brought Meyer Lansky and his associates in the mafia flooding to the city to take advantage.The Capri was one of first to be built. Located on Calle 21 1 Mp.
 The Diana Fortress (Serbian: Тврђава Диана Tvrđava Diana) is a Roman castrum built in 100-101 AD located in Kladovo in eastern Serbia.It is located on cliffs of the Đerdap above the Danube in the Karataš archaeological site near Kladovo. The main buildings were built on a strategic location overlooking the Danube frontier with stone in 100 AD during the reign of Roman Emperor Trajan who had a military camp located at the vicinity.
 Dana–Farber Cancer Institute is part of a Comprehensive Cancer Center designated by the National Cancer Institute. It is a major affiliate of Harvard Medical School and is located in the Longwood Medical Area in Boston Massachusetts.
 St Mark's Church Connah's Quay is in the town of Connah's Quay Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Mold the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is the parish church for Connah's Quay and the mother church of St David's Church Connah's Quay. It is designated as a Grade II listed building by Cadw. The new Vicar Revd Robert Dennis will be inducted in January 2014.[citation needed]
 The Aurora Historical Museum originally the William A. Tanner House is a historic residence and museum in Aurora Illinois. It was built in 1857 for William A. Tanner a hardware merchant. His descendents lived in the house until it was donated to the Aurora Historical Society in 1936. It now operates as a museum.
 The Merck headquarters building is a modernist office building located in the Whitehouse Station section of Readington Township New Jersey. It was designed by Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo and Associates LLC in the late 1980s for the Merck pharmaceutical company.
 Henry Smith Farm also known as Hidden Spring Farm is a historic home barn and vaulted cellar located at Middletown Dauphin County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1806 and two-story five bay double pile building built of brownstone in the Federal style. The interior has a center hall plan in the Georgian style. A two-story kitchen addition was built in 1840. The brownstone bank barn was built in 1845-1847.
 Ranes Church (Norwegian: Ranes kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Ranes just east of the municipal centre of Skei. The church is one of two churches in the Øye og Ranes parish (along with Øye Church). The parish is part of the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1868 by the architect Schmedling from Molde. The church has about 420 seats.
 The Reverend George B. Hitchcock House was a station on the Underground Railway.
 Kutch Museum in Bhuj is the oldest museum of Gujarat.
 Lititz Moravian Historic District is a national historic district located at Lititz Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes 113 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures in Lititz. It has notable examples of the Federal and Late Victorian architectural styles. The buildings date from about 1755 to 1930. Notable buildings include the Warden's House (c.
 Leirfjord Church (Norwegian: Leirfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Leland. The church is part of the Leirfjord parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1867 and it seats about 450 people.
 The Annala Round Barn near Hurley Wisconsin United States is a round barn that was built in 1921 according to the NRIS database. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included two contributing buildings.According to another source it was built in 1917 by Finnish stonemason Matt Annala.It is asserted to be the only barn in Wisconsin entirely made of massive field stones.
 Strong Memorial Hospital (SMH) is a 739-bed medical facility part of the University of Rochester Medical Center complex (abbreviated URMC) in Rochester New York. Opened in 1926 it is a major provider of both in-patient and out-patient medical services. SMH is owned and operated by the University of Rochester and serves as its primary teaching hospital. It offers programs toward medical dental or graduate degrees through the School of Medicine and Dentistry.
 Mercer Street Friends Center is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1858 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 1971. It now houses the main offices of Mercer Street Friends a Trenton-based Quaker-affiliated social service agency founded in 1958.
 The Visvesvaraya Industrial and Technological Museum (VITM) is a museum in Bangalore India. Its management comes under the National Council of Science Museums (NCSM) Government of India.
 Castle Hoensbroek or Gebrookhoes (Castle Gebrook) (Dutch: Kasteel Hoensbroek) is one of the largest castles in the Netherlands. It is situated in Hoensbroek a town in the province of Limburg. This imposing watercastle is known as 'the most lordly stronghold between Rhine and Meuse'.
 Akita Museum of Modern Art (秋田県立近代美術館 Akita Kenritsu Kindai Bijutsukan) opened in Yokote Akita Prefecture Japan in 1994 and houses an important collection of Akita ranga .
 Bracken Baptist Church (Old Minerva Church) is a historic church on CR 1235 in Minerva Kentucky.The Bracken Baptist Church (structure) built circa 1840-1842 is an example of prostyle Greek Revival church architecture. The Bracken County Church established in 1793 is the oldest constituted Baptist church in northeastern Kentucky and one of six churches included in the Bracken Association.
 Taipei Medical University Hospital (TMUH; Chinese: 臺北醫學大學附設醫院) is a health care facility in Taiwan that was founded in 1976.
 Pinecroft also known as the Powel Crosley Jr. Estate is located at 2336 Kipling Aveue in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio. It is significant both as a Tudor Revival estate designed by Dwight James Baum and for its association with the life of Powel Crosley Jr. (1886 – 1961) builder of the Crosley car and owner of the Cincinnati Reds.
 The Hiram Sands House is an historic house at 22 Putnam Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was built in 1848 by the second of three generations of Cambridge brickmakers from clay dug nearby and incorporates elements of both the Greek Revival and Italianate architectural styles. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Westfield Kotara is a shopping centre located in the suburb of Kotara in Newcastle New South Wales Australia. It was opened in 1965 as Kotara Fair. In 2003 the shopping centre was purchased by the Westfield Group.The centre's major tenants include Coles Target Kmart Woolworths David Jones and a Toys R Us. It is often locally referred to as Garden City reflecting its former title.
 The Johnson House is an historic house at 26 West Lincoln Street in Lindsborg Kansas.The Second Empire house was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.
 The Dayton View Historic District is a 680-acre (2.8 km2) sector of Dayton developed in the late 19th century consisting of 219 structures in the registry.
 King Abdulaziz Medical City in Riyadh was established by a royal decree in May 1983. With a bed capacity of 690 beds it provides all types of care to all National Guard soldiers and their families starting from primary health care up to tertiary specialized care. Today It became a recognized center on the international level in conjoined twin separation surgery.
 Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume (Italian: Santuario della Beata Vergine del Fiume is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Mandello del Lario in the Lecco and the region of Lombardy Italy.
 St Mary's Church Ashley is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Ashley Hampshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands adjacent to the site of the former Gains Castle some 4 miles (6 km) southeast of Stockbridge.
 Parsonage of the Montville Reformed Dutch Church is a historic church parsonage at 107 Changebridge Road in Montville Morris County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Van Voorhis-Quackenbush House is located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1784 by John A. Van Voorhis and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1984.
 Saint Sylvesters Church is a Jesuit Mission on the Red Rock Indian Band on section Lake Helen Reserve 53A. It was established in 1852 and is locally called Opoo-gan-asin (pipestone). The first mass was held on February 29 1852 in the Hudson Bay barn. Father D. Duranquette (Waiashtestkang—Gives Light) accompanied by the local Indians selected the spot on which the church was built.
 The Rushmore Memorial Library also known as the Rushmore Memorial Building is located at the junction of NY 32 and Weygant Hill Road in Highland Mills New York United States. It is a small Arts and Crafts-style stone building constructed in the 1920s with a donation from Charles E. Rushmore a local resident for whom Mount Rushmore is also named.It served as the Town of Woodbury public library until the mid-1980s when a larger modern library was built.
 Burrland Farm Historic District is a historic home and farm complex and national historic district located near Middleburg Fauquier County Virginia. The district encompasses 22 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites 14 contributing structures and 1 contributing object on a 458-acre thoroughbred horse breeding and training farm.
 Wäiski is a restaurant ship located in Merihaka Helsinki Finland. It has normal restaurant services and is also available for all kinds of private events such as birthdays and company parties.
 Urbana is a residential project in Indian metropolis of Kolkata. It is located in Anandapur.
 Hanford Mills Museum also known as Kelso Mill is a historic grist mill and sawmill and national historic district located at East Meredith New York in Delaware County New York. The district contains nine contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The complex includes both natural and structural facilities.
 Le Bonheur Children's Hospital is a 255-bed tertiary care children's hospital located in Downtown Memphis Tennessee.Le Bonheur has more than 700 medical staff representing 40 pediatric specialties. Approximately 170 patients per day are admitted mostly from Tennessee and nearby states but also from around the world mainly due to its nationally recognized brain tumor program affiliation with St.
 Peterborough City Hospital in the United Kingdom is the new acute general district hospital serving the city of Peterborough and north Cambridgeshire areas of east Northamptonshire and Rutland. The 612-bed four-storey hospital on the site of the former Edith Cavell Hospital replaces both Peterborough District Hospital (which opened in 1928 as the War Memorial Hospital and was enlarged in continuous phases between 1960 and 1968) and the Edith Cavell Hospital (built 1988).
 The Harold D. Donohue Federal Building and United States Courthouse formerly known as the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts located in Worcester Massachusetts.
 Isaiah Paxson Farm also known as Burgess Lea is a historic farm complex located in Solebury Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a house double barn carriage house springhouse shed smoke house and small barnyard building. All of the buildings are constructed of stone. The house was built in 1785 and has a 2 1/2-story three bay gable roofed main section with a 2 1/2-story kitchen section and one-story shed addition.
 The Government Museum Tiruchirappalli is a heritage centre at Tiruchirappalli Tamil Nadu India.
 The Big Chicken is a Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant in Marietta Georgia which features a 56-foot-tall (17 m) steel-sided structure designed in the appearance of a chicken rising up from the top of the building. It is located at the city's biggest intersection of Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41) and Roswell Road (Georgia 120) and is a well-known landmark in the area. Constructed in 1956 it was remodelled following storm damage in 1993.
 Bartlett's Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Clara Barton Road over the French River in Oxford Massachusetts. The bridge was built in 1889 to a design by Charles A. Allen at the time a civil engineer for the city of Worcester. The bridge was built to replace an older wooden span at the request of Edwin Bartlett the owner of textile mills in North Oxford whose businesses and employees would have used the road.
 Alderwood formerly Alderwood Mall is a regional shopping mall in Lynnwood Washington. It is anchored by JCPenney Macy's Nordstrom and Sears and comprises both a traditional enclosed mall and two open-air areas known as The Village and The Terraces. General Growth Properties manages and co-owns the property with an institutional investor.Alderwood is Snohomish County's largest mall and one of the major malls in the Puget Sound region.
 Bluewater is an out of town shopping centre in Stone (postally Greenhithe) Kent England outside the M25 Orbital motorway 17.8 miles (28.6 km) east south-east of London's centre.
 The Union Block of Mount Pleasant Iowa was built by William McCandless in 1861. Historically it was used as offices and by the county courts. In the Union Block in 1869 Arabella A. Mansfield became the first woman in the United States awarded a license to practice law. The third floor housed the Opera House or Union Hall a gathering place for the community.
 The Strivers' Section is a historic district located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Northwest Washington D.C.Strivers' Section was historically an enclave of upper-middle-class African Americans often community leaders in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Springdale Cemetery is a historic non-sectarian active cemetery in the United States city of Peoria Illinois. It was chartered in 1855 received its first interment in 1857 and has over 70000 bodies. It contains a public mausoleum and 15 private mausoleums.The property was acquired in 1854 and the first interment took place in April 1857. The Cemetery is an active non-sectarian burial ground and the property contains 15 private mausoleums.
 The Military Museum of Tasmania is located within Anglesea Barracks in Hobart Tasmania Australia. Anglesea Barracks constructed in 1814 is recognised as one of Australia’s most significant historical military areas.[citation needed]The Museum is located in the Military Gaol which was built in 1847.
 The Pullman Bangkok Hotel G is a hotel and skyscraper in Bangkok Thailand. It is located in city center of Bangkok near Silom Road. It is run by Accor. It was first opened at 1992 with 454 rooms. The hotel has recently been re-branded from being the Sofitel Silom.
 The East Anglia Transport Museum is an open air transport museum with numerous historic public transport vehicles (including many in full working order). It is located in Carlton Colville a suburb of Lowestoft Suffolk. It is the only museum in the country where visitors can ride on buses trams and trolleybuses as a well as a narrow gauge railway.
 Eglwys y Bedd (Church of the grave) (sometimes referred to as Llan y Gwyddel or Church of the Irishman) is all that remains of a 14th-century church in Anglesey north Wales. It is set within the churchyard of St Cybi's Holyhead and may have been built on the site where Cybi (a 6th-century Celtic saint who settled in Holyhead) lived and ministered.
 Col. William Henderson French House also known as Legend Valley Farm is a historic home located near Athens Mercer County West Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a three story frame dwelling with an ell with Greek Revival overtones. It sits on a sandstone foundation and features porches with small rounded columns and railings of various designs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Redington Museum is a historic museum in Waterville Maine that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum is the headquarters of the Waterville Historical Society.The museum is listed on the official website of the Maine Office of Tourism.
 Bullock's Pasadena located at 401 S. Lake Ave. in Pasadena California is a 240000-square foot (21 368 m²) Streamline Moderne Art Deco architectural style building now in use as a Macy's department store.
 The Noddy is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1930 by Oliver Duke in Royal Oak Maryland She measures 27'-6 long with a beam of 6'-41⁄2. Her log hull remains unglassed is painted white and she races under No. 1. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s. In 1985 she was located at St. Michaels Talbot County Maryland.She was overhauled in 1999.
 The Wellgate Shopping Centre is one of the two main shopping centres located in the city centre of Dundee Scotland the other being the Overgate Centre.It comprises three floors including a food court. The centre has a variety of retailers and eateries principally BHS which operates a two-level store at the entrance of the mall. The Dundee Central Library is even adjacent to the third floor of the centre which is level with Victoria Road.
 The Wasilla Assembly of God is a church in the town of Wasilla Alaska. Founded in 1951 it is a member of the Assemblies of God a Pentecostal Christian denomination.The church gained national attention in 2008 when United States presidential candidate Senator John McCain chose Alaska Governor Sarah Palin an attendee of the church until 2002 as his running mate in the 2008 election.
 Waterloo United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1895 and is a brick and stone church with vernacular Romanesque / Greek Revival style design and decorative detail. It features an 85-foot (26 m) tripartate tower crowned by a tall steeple.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Gampo Abbey is a Western Buddhist monastery in the Shambhala tradition in Nova Scotia Canada.
 St Stephen and All Martyrs' Church Lever Bridge is in Darcy Lever Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Walmsley the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage and is the first of three pot churches designed by Edmund Sharpe so-called because they are constructed largely of terracotta.
 Saugus General Hospital (previously known as Wendell Hospital) was an American hospital located in Saugus Massachusetts. At the time of its closure Saugus General Hospital was a 109-bed facility with surgical facilities x-ray rooms a laboratory a pharmacy and a cafeteria located in two interconnected buildings.
 Demasson's House and Shop is situated on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia.It was constructed in two stages. The shop was built around 1872 for Daniel Connor. By 1875 William Demasson a carpenter wheelwright from Guildford Western Australia had added a dwelling with a connecting door to the store which was at the time run by his wife. In 1886 Demasson purchased the store from Connor. Land titles show the Toodyay Road Board purchased the dwelling from Amy Twine in 1945.
 West Frankfort City Hall located at 108 N. Emma St. is the former city hall of West Frankfort Illinois. The city hall was built in 1921 to serve the city which had no city hall up until that time. West Frankfort was first settled in 1895 when the Frankfort railway station was built 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of Frankfort; the original city of Frankfort merged into West Frankfort in 1923. The city hall is a two-story brick building which was built by contractor S. M.
 The Kent Industrial District is a historic district in Kent Ohio United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district covers around 43 acres (17 ha) of downtown Kent on either side of the Cuyahoga River and is roughly bounded by West Main Street on the north River Street to the west Franklin Avenue to the east and Haymaker Parkway to the south. Within the district are three buildings and two stone structures of historical significance.
 Jess & Jim's Steakhouse is a steakhouse restaurant located on 135th Street in the Martin City neighborhood of Kansas City Missouri. Founded in 1938 Jess & Jim's has been ranked numerous times by national publications as one of the best steakhouses in the United States.
 Castel Brando is a medieval castle situated on a dolomite limestone rock at an elevation of 370 m (1210 ft) above sea level overlooking the villages of Cison di Valmarino and Valmareno Northern Italy.
 The Lick Skillet Railroad Work Station Historic District is a historic district in Brinkley Arkansas that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It includes the former Brinkley Union Station located at the site of the former crossing of the Rock Island and Cotton Belt railroads in Brinkley Monroe County in eastern Arkansas.
 Brøste House (Danish: Brøstes Gård) also known as Potter House (Danish: Potters Gård) after its founder a Scottish born industrialist is a late 18th century historic property at 10 Overgaden Oven Vandet overlooking Christianshavn Canal in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen Denmark.
 St. Peters Catholic Church is a historic church building at 935 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Gothic Revival church was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was designed by architect Patrick W. Ford.
 Barnabus Blossom House is a historic house at 244 Grove Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The house was built circa 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house was originally located on North Main Street and was moved to its current location in the 1880s to make way for the Hotel Mellen. It is considered one of the city's best preserved homes from the early Federal period.
 The teaching hospital Sisters of Charity (Croatian: Klinički bolnički centar Sestre milosrdnice) in Zagreb Croatia is one of the oldest hospitals in southeastern Europe.
 The Sumter County Courthouse built in 1912-1914 is an historic courthouse building located in Bushnell Florida It was designed by Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards who designed one other courthouse in Florida two in Georgia and nine in South Carolina as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. He designed most of the original buildings on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville.
 Jackson Terrace Historic District is a historic district at 43-59 Jackson St. Jackson Court Jackson Terr. and 58-62 Newberry Street in Lawrence Massachusetts.
 Boustan is a Lebanese-Canadian fast food restaurant in Montreal Quebec. It was established in 1986.Boustan is the Arabic word for orchard.
 The Ashland Mill Bridge was a lenticular pony truss bridge over the Pachaug River in Griswold Connecticut that was built in 1886 by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company. It was built following the Ashland dam break of February 1886 which washed away the previous bridges. The bridge served the millyard of the Ashland Cotton Company in the Jewett City section of Griswold. The bridge was 65 feet (20 m) long and crossed a millrace on a skew angle.
 The Basilica of San Simpliciano is a church in the centre of Milan northern Italy the second oldest in the form of a Latin cross first erected by Saint Ambrose. It is dedicated to Saint Simplician bishop of Milan.
 The Hotel Alexandria is an historic building constructed as a luxury hotel at the beginning of the 20th century in what was then the heart of downtown Los Angeles. As the business center of the city moved gradually westward the hotel decayed and gradually devolved into a single room occupancy (SRO) hotel housing long-term low income residents and gained a reputation for crime and being unsafe.
 Staten Island Museum (officially the Staten Island Institute of Arts & Sciences) is Staten Island’s oldest cultural institution and the only remaining general interest museum in New York City. Founded in 1881 by fourteen of New York City’s first “environmental activists” the Staten Island Museum houses artifacts and specimens from ancient to contemporary periods.
 Kawana Shoppingworld is a regional shopping centre located in Buddina Queensland that is operated by Mirvac.
 St Mary's Priory Church in Whitecross Street Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales is an Anglican church founded as a Benedictine priory in 1075. The current church dates mostly from the 18th and 19th centuries. It was designated a Grade II* listed building in 1952. It is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail.
 John Evans House also known as Big Spring Farm is located in Martinsburg West Virginia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Potomac Canal Historic District also known as Patowmack Canal Historic District or Potowmack Canal Historic District is at the Great Falls of the Potomac River and is part of Great Falls Park. It is located in Fairfax County Virginia and also in Maryland.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1982.
 The Crawford House was a hotel and restaurant in downtown Boston Massachusetts. Located on Court and Brattle Streets in Scollay Square it was in operation during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries and was for a time among the leading hotels in the city. The building was demolished in 1962 as part of the Government Center project.
 Pittsfield Railroad Station is located in Pittsfield Maine. The station was built in 1888 by the Maine Central Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 23 1980.
 Francisco Grande is a hotel and golf resort is located in Casa Grande Arizona approximately 46 miles south east of Phoenix.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church also known as St. Mary's Foggy Bottom or St. Mary's Chapel is a historic Episcopal church located at 730 23rd Street N.W. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington D.C.. On April 2 1973 St. Mary's Episcopal Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hillsborough Castle is an official government residence in Northern Ireland. It is the residence of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and the official residence in Northern Ireland of Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the British Royal Family when they visit the region as well as a guest house for prominent international visitors. From 1924 until 1973 it was the official residence of the Governor of Northern Ireland.
 The Barker Building a seven-story office building is located at 306 South 15th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. Built in 1929 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2 2008. The sons of prominent early Omaha minister Joseph Barker named this building in honor of their father. Architectural firm Allan and Wallace local masters provided the design for this building.
 The Elmendorph Inn often spelled Elmendorf Inn is the oldest building in the village of Red Hook New York United States. It is located at the north corner of North Broadway (US 9) and Cherry Street a block north of the junction of Route 9 and NY 199.It was built in the mid-18th century as an inn to serve long-distance travelers on the Albany Post Road. In the 1810s it became the meeting place of the Red Hook Town Board for the next several decades.
 The Museum of Australian Democracy at Eureka (M.A.D.E.) is a museum dedicated to democracy located at the site of the Eureka Rebellion in Ballarat Victoria Australia.The museum's centrepiece is the original Eureka Flag upon which the rebels swore an oath to the flag as a symbol of defiance against the ruling colonial government.
 The Emery School is an historic school in Biddeford Maine. It was built in 1912 following the consolidation of four smaller local public schools. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 18 2011.
 The Eagle Tavern is one of the earliest surviving structures in Watkinsville Oconee County Georgia United States. The Eagle Tavern was built circa 1801 but possibly as early as 1794. In the early part of the 19th century the city of Watkinsville Georgia was on the frontier of Creek and Cherokee Indian Territories. The site of the tavern may also have been the site of Fort Edwards a gathering place for settlers seeking protection from attack by the Creek and Cherokee.
 Château d'Alba-la-Romaine is a château in Alba-la-Romaine Ardèche in southeast France.The castle is listed as a Monument historique since 1939 by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Boston Post Road Historic District is a historic district including 3 pre-civil war mansions and their grounds a 10000 year old Paleo-Indian meadow and viewshed a cemetery and a nature preserve.
 St Peter's Church Ashton-under-Lyne is located in Manchester Road Ashton-under-Lyne Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ashton-under-Lyne the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. With four other local churches it is part of the Parish of the Good Shepherd Ashton-under-Lyne. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 St Andrew’s Church Eakring is a Grade II* listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Eakring.
 Temperance Wick known as Tempe (October 30 1758 - April 26 1822) was an American Revolutionary War heroine of Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States.
 Whitecourt Healthcare Centre is a medical facility located in Whitecourt Alberta. Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital. It contains 24 beds with two special care beds and one palliative care bed. Physician staffing is provided by two local clinics as well as locum tenens. The primary referral centres for the hospital are the University of Alberta Hospital and the Royal Alexandra Hospital.
 Hanover Historic District is a national historic district located at Hanover in York County Pennsylvania. The district includes 2632 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites 3 contributing structures and 1 contributing object (The Picket) in the central business district and surrounding residential area of Hanover. Most of the buildings date between 1870 and 1946 with some notable Colonial Revival Queen Anne and Pennsylvania German vernacular style frame and brick buildings.
 The Arch of the New Gate (Portuguese: Arco da Porta Nova) is a Baroque and Neoclassical arch designed by André Soares in the late 18th century in the civil parish of Sé municipality of Braga in northern Portugal. The triumphal arch which decorates the western entrance to the medieval wall of the city was opened in 1512 and traditionally used to present the city's keys to dignitaries and celebrities.
 The Warren E. Sherburne House is an historic house on 11 Percy Road in Lexington Massachusetts. This architecturally eclectic house was designed by Boston architect Samuel D. Kelley and built in 1894. The house as irregular massing reminiscent of Queen Anne styling as well as other features such as its porch treatment that are indicators of the Colonial Revival then coming into style.
 17 New Wakefield Street the Wakefield Street Tower or Student Castle is a skyscraper apartment building in Manchester England west of Oxford Street. 17 New Wakefield Street was designed by local architect Stephen Hodder in a clustered architectural form and was completed in September 2012. The skyscraper is situated adjacent to Oxford Road railway station on the corner of Great Marlborough Street.
 The Edmund Gleason Farm is a historic district in or near Valley View Ohio. The Edmund Gleason House also known as Edwin Carcy House which it includes was built in 1851 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978 along with another building on a 2-acre (0.81 ha) property. The NRHP listing was increased in 1993 to add 13 acres (5.3 ha) including a dairy barn.
 H. H. Warner Building is a historic office building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a large seven story commercial building built in 1883-1884. It is constructed of load bearing brick walls a cast iron vault timber framework and a cast iron facade on St. Paul St. Originally built to house a patent medicine laboratory and warehouse it now houses office and storage facilities.
 Hayes Gymnasium completed in 1910 is the oldest section of the current Arvin Cadet Physical Development Center at the United States Military Academy. Originally built as an independent structure to replace the Academy's previous Richard Morris Hunt-built gymnasium which had served between 1891 and 1910 it was part of a large contract bid awarded to the Boston architectural firm of Cram Goodhue & Ferguson in 1903.
 The Gilbert Building also known as the Jacobs Building and Taylor Hotel is a historic building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. John's Episcopal Church (Old St. John's) is a historic church building in Eolia Missouri.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register in 1970.
 The Consulate General of the United States of America in Hamburg is a diplomatic mission representing the United States of America to the city of Hamburg and the land of Schleswig Holstein in the Federal Republic of Germany. The Government of Hamburg counts the promotion of the then Vice-Consul John Parish to the rank of a consul in 1793 as the establishment of the first mission.
 Tama Zenshōen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Tama Zenshōen is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex-leprosy patients situated in Higashimurayama-shi Tokyo-to Japan starting in 1909.
 The Eddy County Courthouse in New Rockford North Dakota was built during 1899-1900. Designed by M.E. Beebe the building is architecturally significant as anoutstanding example to the community of monumental public architecture. At the time of its National Register nomination in 1985 it was in pristine condition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Oswald's Church Lassington is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Lassington and the civil parish of Highnam Gloucestershire England. Only its tower now survives. The tower is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Lane Hotel also known as the Hotel Mathews and The White Dog Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Mathews Mathews County Virginia. It was built about 1840 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular frame building with an adjoining kitchen. It features a prominent two-story Greek Revival front porch added in 1916 and a three-part semi-circular window under the front gable known as a “Billups” Window.
 The Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington D.C. most commonly known as St. Matthew's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop (currently Donald Cardinal Wuerl as of 2013) of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. As St. Matthew's Cathedral and Rectory it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The cathedral is located in downtown Washington at 1725 Rhode Island Avenue NW between Connecticut Avenue and 17th Street.
 The Keys Ranch is the prime example of early settlement in the Joshua Tree National Park area. Bill Keys was the area's leading character and his ranch is a symbol of the resourcefulness of early settlers. The ranch is an extensive complex of small frame buildings built between 1910 and Keys' death in 1969. Keys pursued both ranching and mining to make a living in the desert.William F. Keys was born at Palisade Nebraska in 1879.
 Avalon Life Saving Station is located in Avalon Cape May County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1979.
 Little Falls City Hall is a historic city hall located at Little Falls in Herkimer County New York. It was built between 1916 and 1918 and is a 2 1/2-story steel frame building faced in brick and terra cotta in the Classical Revival style. It has a slate covered mansard roof with decorative copper and dormers and sits on a concrete foundation. Atop the roof is a large lantern structure with a tiled dome roof and arched windows paneled with colored art glass.
 The Ateneo Art Gallery is a museum of modern art of the Ateneo de Manila University. It is the first of its kind in the Philippines. It is housed on the ground floor of the Rizal Library main building. It serves as an art resource for the university community and the general public as well. The present Director and Chief Curator of the gallery is Ramón E. S. Lerma.
 The Berlin Wall (German: Berliner Mauer) was a barrier constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR East Germany) starting on 13 August 1961 that completely cut off (by land) West Berlin from surrounding East Germany and from East Berlin. The barrier included guard towers placed along large concrete walls which circumscribed a wide area (later known as the death strip) that contained anti-vehicle trenches fakir beds and other defenses.
 The Fairmont San Jose is an 805-room high-rise hotel at 170 South Market Street in San José California facing the water fountain in Plaza de César Chávez.There is a swimming pool and associated deck on rooftop with a specially designed windscreen to create a microclimate designed to be acceptable for sunbathing and swimming.
 The Jenkins Octagon House is an historic octagon house located on NY 395 in Duanesburg Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1855 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a two story clapboard sided farmhouse with Greek Revival style features. It features innovative stacked plank construction a low-pitched polygonal roof with a central chimney a full entabulature circling the structure and a one story porch with a hipped roof.
 The Queensland Gallery of Modern Art (GOMA) is an art museum located in the South Bank precinct of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The gallery is part of the Queensland Cultural Centre.GOMA opened on 2 December 2006. It is the Queensland Art Gallery's much-anticipated second building and is the largest gallery of modern and contemporary art in Australia. Queensland's Gallery of Modern Art also houses Australia's first purpose built cinematheque.
 Leicester Meeting House is a historic church at US 7 and Town Highway 1 in Leicester Vermont.It was built in 1829 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Publicity Building is an historic building at 40-44 Bromfield Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1916 by Arthur H. Bowditch and added to the National Historic Register in 2003.
 Boxley-Sprinkle House is a historic home located at Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1907 and is a two-story five bay Colonial Revival style brick dwelling. It has a with a central projecting bay full height entrance portico and hipped roof. The house was originally constructed in the Victorian style with the entrance facing 26th Street (then 5th Avenue) with a corner turret projecting polygonal bays and a wraparound porch.
 The McCleary Elementary School (also known as McCleary Traditional Academy and more recently as McCleary Early Childhood Center) in the Upper Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Lakeside Mental Hospital originally known as Ballarat Asylum later as Ballarat Hospital for the Insane and finally before its closure as Lakeside Psychiatric Hospital was an Australian psychiatric hospital located in the suburb of Wendouree the north-western fringe of Ballarat Victoria Australia.The hospital first opened in 1877 but closed again soon after. A reformatory for boys also operated on the site and some of its buildings were reused when the hospital was reopened in 1893.
 The National Bank of Tacoma Building also known as the National Bank of Washington and as the Tacoma Art Museum is a former bank building in Tacoma Washington United States. It was designed by Sutton & Whitney and built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.The bank changed its name to the National Bank of Washington in 1937.
 The Basilica of St. Nicholas (or Sint-Nicolaasbasiliek in Dutch) is located in the Old Centre district of Amsterdam Netherlands. It is the city's major Catholic church.Officially the church was called St. Nicholas inside the Walls i.e. the oldest part of the Amsterdam defence works.
 The Sherman County Courthouse at 630 O St. in Loup City Nebraska is a historic Beaux Arts-style courthouse that was built in 1920. It is a 60-by-74-foot (18 m × 23 m) building topped by a cornice and above that mutules and a parapet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It was deemed important as a good example of a County Citadel-type courthouse.
 Lotus Glen Correctional Centre is an Australian prison facility located 25 km south of Mareeba and 20 km north of Atherton in Far North Queensland. Lotus Glen provides a correctional service for high medium low and open classification inmates including a Prison Farm with a capacity for 115 open security inmates.
 Langstroth Cottage is a historic building on the Western campus of Miami University in Oxford Ohio. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on June 22 1976. The cottage built in 1856 is now the home for the University's Center for the Enhancement of Learning and Teaching. Beekeeper L. L. Langstroth purchased it in 1859 and lived there for the next 28 years conducting research and breeding honey bees.
 Alta Church (Norwegian: Alta kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the Bossekop area in the town of Alta. The church is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1858 and was consecrated by the Bishop Knud Gislesen. The architect was Stephen Henry Thomas. The church seats about 230 people.
 The T.G. Richards and Company Store also known as Whatcom County Courthouse and James B. Steadman Post No. 24  is the first and oldest brick building in the state of Washington USA and is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Railroad Hotel is a building that served as an historic hotel at the triangular lot where Washington Street joins Watertown Street (Route 16) in the West Newton section of Newton Massachusetts United States.The hotel was built in 1831 in a Greek Revival/Federal style by local teacher and developer Seth Davis to serve at first as a lodging stop along a stagecoach line that ran from Boston to Worcester.
 Oak View is an 1870 Second Empire style mansion in Norwood Massachusetts.
 St. Joseph's Cathedral Basilica is a minor basilica in Edmonton Alberta Canada. The basilica located just west of the downtown core is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton and is one of the largest churches in Edmonton. It is the only basilica in Alberta.Of architectural note are the 60 stained glass windows depicting scenes from the Old and the New Testaments and from the church's connection to St. Albert the first diocese in Alberta.
 Riverside Plantation in Enterprise Mississippi was built in 1850. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Glebe is probably the oldest surviving house in the Hutt Valley New Zealand and was the first vicarage to be built in the Hutt Valley. The building is classified as a Category I historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.Built in 1856 on land given to the Anglican church by Edward Gibbon Wakefield. The house was designed by William Corbett a church warden for the Naenae district.
 Three Nationwide Plaza is a 408 ft(124m) postmodern highrise building located at the address 3 Nationwide Plaza in Downtown Columbus Ohio. The building is part of the larger multi-building complex known as Nationwide Plaza. Nationwide Plaza is the headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Three Nationwide Plaza is the 10th tallest building in Columbus. Construction on the building finished in December 1988.
 The Alfred J. and Georgia A. Armstrong House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St John the Baptist's Church is an Anglican church in Crawley a town and borough in West Sussex England. It is the parish church of Crawley and is the oldest building in the town centre dating from the 13th century—although many alterations have been made since and only one wall remains of the ancient building.
 There is a Historic Railroad Exhibit at Fairplex Pomona California hosted by the Southern California Chapter of the Railway and Locomotive Historical Society.
 Mullica Hill Historic District is located in the Mullica Hill section of Harrison Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 25 1991.
 Wyastone Leys is a country house estate and Grade II listed building situated near Ganarew in the southwestern corner of The Doward in Herefordshire England. The house and estate has also been known as The Leys or Lays House. It is located 2 miles (3.2 km) from Monmouth and 8 miles (13 km) from Ross-on-Wye.
 Vännäs TV Tower (Swedish: Vännäsmasten) is a 323 m (1060 ft) tall Swedish concrete television tower that is used for transmitting FM-/TV-broadcasting.Comparable to the Gerbrandy Tower in IJsselstein the Netherlands the Vännäs TV Tower is a partially guyed concrete television tower with a concrete tower as basement and a mast guyed to the ground albeit the latter being shorter; the Gerbrandy Tower possesses a height of 366.8 m (1203 ft) (see Gerbrandy Tower).
 The Farr Building is a historical building located in Allentown Pennsylvania. Opened in 1907 today it is used for retail and residential space.
 The Lloyd Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 5 1991) located in Lloyd Florida. The district runs roughly along Main Street north of Bond Street and Bond east of Main. It contains 18 buildings.On June 27 2002 a decrease in the district's boundary was implemented.
 Ayala Museum is an art and history museum located at the corner of Makati Avenue and De la Rosa Street in Makati City Metro Manila Philippines.
 Speedwell Ironworks was an ironworks in Speedwell New Jersey USA just north of Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. It is on Speedwell Avenue part of U.S. Route 202. The site is where Alfred Vail and Samuel Morse first demonstrated the electric telegraph and the site provided most of the machinery for the SS Savannah which was the first steamship to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
 Everest House is a high-rise located in Kolkata India. It is located on Jawaharlal Nehru Road.
 The Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC; Chinese: 香港會議展覽中心) is one of the two major convention and exhibition venues in Hong Kong along with AsiaWorld-Expo. It is located in Wan Chai North Hong Kong Island. Built along the Victoria Harbour it is linked by covered walkways to nearby hotels and commercial buildings. The venue was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill LLP in association with Wong & Ouyang (HK) Ltd.
 Mars Hill is an historic church and cemetery located near Ottumwa Iowa United States. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Oakmere hill fort is an Iron Age hill fort one of many large fortified settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age but one of only seven in the county of Cheshire in northern England. It is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Despite being a low lying site Oakmere is still considered a hill fort.
 The Salcedo Park Twin Towers are high-end residential condominium skyscrapers located in Makati City Philippines. The twin 45-storey buildings were completed in 1996 and rises to 151 metres (495 feet) from the ground to its architectural top. It is formerly the tallest residential twin towers from 1996 until the completion of Pacific Plaza Towers in 2001.
 The Ardmore Historic District in Winston-Salem North Carolina is a 600-acre (240 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It includes works designed by Hall Crews and by Northrup & O'Brien. It includes Queen Anne and Bungalow/craftsman architecture among its 2093 contributing buildings. The listing also included two contributing sites.
 Edgewood House is an historic school building located at Pelham Manor Westchester County New York. The building is historically significant as a turn-of-the-century academic institution as well its role in the development of Pelham Manor as a suburban residential community. It was built in 1893 and is a 3 1⁄2-story wood and masonry building in the Colonial Revival style. It is composed of a wide central gable roofed pavilion flanked by flat-roofed wings of balanced proportions.
 Franklin Hinchey House is a historic home located at Gates in Monroe County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame cruciform structure constructed in 1870 in the Gothic Revival style with picturesque Italianate elements. The property includes three acres of farmland cabbage barn and incubator house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Chauncey Hall Building is located in Racine Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It is located within the Historic Sixth Street Business District.
 The WallStreet Tower Omaha was a planned 32-story 373 ft condomium project that would have become Omaha Nebraska's third tallest building upon completion. The building was to be built on the site of the former Union Pacific headquarters located at 14th and Dodge Street. Prices for a unit were to range from $195000-$620000. The project was expected to be completed by Fall 2009 and called for the erection of a 32 floor building with 192 condos.
 St Mary in Castro or St Mary de Castro is a church in the grounds of Dover Castle Kent south-east England. It is a heavily restored Saxon structure built next to a Roman lighthouse which became the church bell-tower. St Mary serves the local population and the army and is the church of the Dover Garrison.
 The Frank and Jane Isermann House is located in Kenosha Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Southern Methodist Church Building now known as the Upshur County Historical Society's History Center is a historic Southern Methodist church located at 81 W. Main Street in Buckhannon Upshur County West Virginia. It was built in 1856 with modifications in 1891 and is a simple rectangular frame building. The original structure measures 45 feet by 33 feet in the Greek Revival style. In 1891 a 9 feet by 14 feet vestibule was added along with a three story bell tower.
 The Low Memorial Library is the administrative center of Columbia University. Built in 1895 by University President Seth Low in memory of his father Abiel Abbot Low and financed with $1 million of Low's own money due to the recalcitrance of university alumni it is the focal point and most prominent building on the university's Morningside Heights campus.
 George F. Tyler Mansion also known as the Residence at Indian Council Rock and Tyler Hall is a historic mansion and national historic district located on the campus of Bucks County Community College at Newtown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing sites. They are the main house two bath houses and a stone building known as the orangery. The house is surrounded by formal gardens with stone walls and fountains.
 The S. T. Elliott House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona.
 Philip Reading Tannery also known as Green's Barn is a historic tannery building located at Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1780 and is a two-story brick structure measuring 106 feet long by 30 feet wide. It is a rare surviving 18th-century industrial building that has been converted into a cow barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Henry Whitfield House is a historic house located at 248 Old Whitfield Street in Guilford Connecticut down the street from the town green. This house dates from 1639 having been built just before the town of Guilford was settled. It is the oldest house in Connecticut and the oldest stone house in New England. The house with its massive stone walls also served as a fort to protect the community.
 The Museum of Bath at Work is at Camden Works Julian Road in Bath Somerset England.This museum was established in 1978 to present the commercial development of Bath over the last 2000 years and includes displays on four floors. The main exhibit is the reconstruction of an engineering and mineral water making business set up by Victorian entrepreneur Jonathan Bowler in 1864.
 Ariadne J. and Mary A. Borden House is a historic house located at 92 Globe Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1882 for Ariadne and Mary Borden sisters who were both principals of grammar schools. The structure is considered one of the best examples of a small two-story mansard cottage in the city. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Daniel and Nellie Byrns House is located in Lodi Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 John O'Hara House is a historic home located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a three-story three bay wide stone building in the Italianate style. The front elevation features a three-story central tower. The house was built by David Yuengling of the Yuengling brewery family.
 Fenâri Îsâ Mosque (full name in Turkish: Molla Fenâri Îsâ Câmîi) in Byzantine times known as the Lips Monastery (Greek: Μονή του Λιβός) is a mosque in Istanbul made of two former Eastern Orthodox churches.
 The Couchwood Historic District near Hot Springs Arkansas has historical significance dating back to 1927. It is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.Couchwood Historic District includes work(s) by architect John Parks Almand and works by or association with Harvey Couch and others.
 The Banadir Maternity & Children Hospital (Somali: Isbitaalka Banaadir) is a teaching hospital in the Wadajir District (Medina) of Mogadishu Somalia. Built in 1977 as part of a Chinese development project it became the nexus of a humanitarian crisis in 2011. The hospital comprises a maternity unit and a pediatric unit.
 The Queen Elizabeth II hospital is a 315-bed District General Hospital in Welwyn Garden City Hertfordshire operated by East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust along with the Lister Hospital in Stevenage. It was the first full hospital to be built by the National Health Service.The hospital once held a well-attended summer fete in its grounds.
 33 Arch Street is a contemporary highrise in the Financial District and Downtown Crossing neighborhoods of Boston Massachusetts. The building was completed in 2004 after three years of construction which began on June 5 2001. It is tied with the State Street Bank Building as Boston's 19th-tallest building standing 477 feet (145 m) tall and housing 33 floors. The 33rd floor is 392 feet (119 m) above grade and the top of the cooling tower screen is 429 feet (131 m) above grade.
 Cedar Grove is a historic home located near La Plata Charles County Maryland United States. It is a three-part house in the late Federal style and built about 1854 by Francis Boucher Franklin Burgess. The house consists of a 2 1⁄2-story main block with a two-part east wing all of common bond brick construction. There are several outbuildings including two large barns a small cattle barn and several sheds.Cedar Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Hugh D. and Martha South Seeds Farm also known as Eden Hill Farm is a historic home and farm located at Spruce Creek Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The property includes a vernacular stone farmhouse dated to about 1830; a Pennsylvania bank barn dated to about 1880; and the surrounding landscape elements including farm lanes fence rows and field patterns.
 Security Square Mall is a large mall in the suburbs of Baltimore Maryland United States. The mall features over 100 stores and restaurants as well as a food court with Burlington Coat Factory Macy's Old Navy and Sears serving as anchor stores. One section of the mall Seoul Plaza previously included Korean shops and restaurants however most of these establishments had closed by 2010. Modell's Sporting Goods at Security closed down in late 2008 and now is a USA Discounters store.
 The Brooklyn Savings Bank was a notable building in Brooklyn New York designed by prominent Brooklyn architect Frank Freeman. Completed in 1894 it was considered one of Freeman's finest works but in spite of its widely recognized architectural significance the building was demolished in 1964 shortly before the designation of the neighborhood as a historic district.
 East New Market Historic District is a national historic district in East New Market Dorchester County Maryland. It consists of a village of about 75 buildings that represent a variety of 18th- 19th- and 20th-century architectural styles.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Mapperley Hall is a country house located at 51 Lucknow Avenue in the Mapperley Park conservation area of Nottingham England. It has been the home of the Wright family of accountants from 1792. From about 1900 the building was used as part of the University College Nottingham the Principal being Professor Amos Henderson who died in 1922. It was later used for offices and became a Grade II listed building on July 12 1972. The road to the north of the property is named Mapperley Hall Drive.
 St Mary Bothaw was a parish church in the Walbrook ward of the City of London. It was also referred to as Saint Mary Boatehaw by the Erber It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Dubuque County Courthouse is located in Dubuque Iowa. The current building was built in 1891 to replace an earlier building that was built in 1839. The courthouse is a dominant landmark in the downtown Dubuque area located at Seventh Street and Central Avenue.
 Drum Hill High School also known as Drum Hill Senior Living Community is a historic school located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. It was built between 1909 and 1911 and is a three story E-shaped gray buff pressed brick building in the Classical Revival style. It features an elaborate light court. It remained in use as a school until 1972. It was later developed into a senior living community.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Cousins House in Newberry South Carolina was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Museum of cacao and chocolate (French Musée du cacao et du chocolat Dutch Museum van cacao en chocolade) is a privately held museum in Bruxelles Belgium established in 1998 at the initiative of Gabrielle Draps the wife of a famous Belgian chocolate artisan Joseph Jo Draps founder of the Godiva Chocolatier.
 Tom Davies Square is the city hall of Greater Sudbury Ontario.Built in the late 1970s and originally known as Civic Square the building was part of an urban renewal movement toward transforming the city's visual image by investing in modern architecture. The square consists of a triangular main building with its right angle facing the corner of Brady and Paris Streets and a glass-walled hypoteneuse facing onto an outdoor plaza in the centre of the complex.
 The San Diego Correctional Facility also known as the Otay Detention Facility is a minimum / medium security federal prison for men managed by Corrections Corporation of America under contract with the United States Marshals Service and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.The facility is situated in the foothills of Otay Mesa overlooking the Mexican border. The Otay Mesa site is shared with four other properties related to law enforcement: California's Richard J.
 The Homestead is a historic house on Hudson Avenue in the village of Haverstraw New York United States. It is one of the oldest buildings in the village dating to the early 19th century.Since then it has been home to a number of prominent local residents and passed down through two different families. It has been altered slightly with the original front now the house's rear but it remains mostly intact. In 1983 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chanchalguda Central Jail (Hindi: चंचलगुडा सेन्ट्रल क़ैद ख़ाना Chanchalguḍā Central Qaid Khānā) is one of the oldest jails located in Hyderabad India. This is located in the old city of Hyderabad at Chanchalguda.It has historic significance attached. Its architecture and design is highly regarded. This jail came to a limelight when Bollywood actress Monica Bedi was jailed here for several months.
 Old St. Patrick's Church (also known as Old North Primary School) is a historic church at 512 N. Main Street in Wellington Ohio.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Nurmuiža Castle is a castle in Lauciene parish in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia.
 Appomattox Manor is a former plantation in Hopewell Virginia USA. It is best known as the Union headquarters during the Siege of Petersburg in 1864-65. The restored manor house on a bluff overlooking the confluence of the James River and Appomattox River and the grounds are managed by the National Park Service. The museum there Grant's Headquarters at City Point Museum is a unit of the Petersburg National Battlefield Park.
 Jāmeh Mosque of Varāmīn (Persian: مسجد جامع ورامین‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Varāmīn) Congretation mosque of Varamin Friday mosque of Varamin or Grand mosque of Varamin is the grand congregational mosque (Jāmeh) of Varamin city within the Tehran Province of Iran.This mosque is one of the oldest buildings of Varamin city. Its construction began during the reign of’ Sultan Mohammad Khodabaneh and was completed during his son’s rule Sultan Abu Sa'eed.
 The Thomas Jefferson Association Building was a notable building located in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Brooklyn-based architect Frank Freeman and completed in 1890 it was considered a fine example of the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building was demolished to make way for a new thoroughfare in 1960.
 The DeRidder USO was built for the same reasons as all other United Service Organizations; to provide a relaxing atmosphere to members of the armed forces. The building is located at 250 Seventh Street and is across the street from the present day Beauregard Memorial Hospital.
 30 Hudson Street also known as Goldman Sachs Tower is a 238 m (781 ft) 42-story building in Jersey City New Jersey. It is the tallest building in New Jersey. Completed in 2004 the tower was designed by Cesar Pelli. It houses offices a cafeteria a health unit and a full-service fitness facility including a physical therapy clinic. Provident Bank of New Jersey and Così are also located on the ground level and open to the general public.
 SanGimignano1300 is an artistic and historical museum located in the old city of San Gimignano. The museum was inaugurated in February 2010.
 Menri Monastery (Tibetan: སྨན་རི་ Wylie: sman ri — medicine mountain) is the name of a Bon monastery in Tibet which has been refounded in India. The name derives from the medicinal plants and medicinal springs on the mountain. Menri became the leading Bon monastery in the Tibetan cultural region. The abbot of Menri is recognized as the spiritual leader of Bon.
 The Single Brothers' House was built to house the Single Brethren the unmarried men of the Moravian Congregation of Salem now Winston-Salem North Carolina. The first portion designed by Friedrich Wilhelm von Marschall secular leader of the Moravian colony was constructed of traditional Germanic half-timber framing exposed brick noggin a clay tile roof and had a pent eave. It was completed in 1769.
 The King-Nash House also known as Patrick J. King House is a combination of Sullivanesque Colonial Revival and Prairie styles house at 3234 West Washington Boulevard in the East Garfield Park area of Chicago Illinois United States. The house was built in 1901 by George W. Maher for Patrick J. King. From 1925 until his death in 1943 it was home to Chicago political boss Patrick Nash.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 New Market Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at 1723 New Market Road in New Market Alabama. The Late Gothic Revival style church was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Community Building is a historic town hall located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1927 and is a large two story five bay neo-Georgian style ashlar granite building with a central bowed portico. The portico has four Ionic order columns and two engaged pilasters. It has a slate hipped roof anchored by a central octagonal cupola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tower East is a high-rise office building in Shaker Heights Ohio. At 160 feet (49 m) it is the tallest building in the city. Tower East was the last building in the United States designed by architect Walter Gropius. BGK Equities of Santa Fe New Mexico purchased the building for $12.68 million in 2000.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
 The South Florida Military College is a historic site in Bartow Florida United States. It is located at 1100 South Broadway. On July 24 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The college was eventually merged with the University of Florida.
 Palais Wilczek is a palace in Vienna Austria. It was owned by the noble Wilczek family. The palace as it stands now was built on the site of the former Brassican family palace between 1722 and 1737 (exact date unknown). The construction is attributed to Anton Johann Ospel. What is known is that in 1728 the palace came into the possession of Lower Austrian Lord Marshal Carl Ignaz Lempruch.
 Golf Mill Shopping Center is a super-regional shopping mall located on 239 Golf Mill Center in Niles IL United States. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1057000square feet (98200 m²). It is managed by Milwaukee Golf Management Corporation. It borders the intersections of Golf Road (Illinois Route 58) Milwaukee Avenue (Illinois Route 21) and Greenwood Avenue. The mall has a mixture of 120 specialty shops and five department stores including Sears and Target as anchors.
 The Haw River Town Museum is a museum located in Haw River North Carolina Housed in a 145 year old building which once served as the town's fire hall the museum exhibits photographs artifacts and memorabilia focusing on the town's history.
 Lionville Historic District is a national historic district located in Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 39 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Lionville. The buildings date to the 18th and 19th century and include a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings and outbuildings.
 The Spokane River Bridge at Long Lake Dam at Long Lake Dam near Reardan Washington is a historic 486-foot (148 m) concrete bridge that was built in 1949. It was a work of the State Dept of Hwys and of Henry Hagman. Its center span is a 211-foot (64 m) open spandrel arch. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It brings State Route 231 across the Spokane River connecting Lincoln County and Stevens County.
 St. Peter African Methodist Church is a historic church at 518 Franklin Street in Clarksville Tennessee.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The National Border Patrol Museum is located at 4315 Woodrow Bean Transmountain Drive in the county of El Paso in the U.S. state of Texas.
 The Scribner House was built by Joel Scribner one of the three brothers who founded New Albany. He and his brothers Nathaniel and Abner came from New York State and named their new town New Albany after the capital of their home state. It is located in downtown New Albany on the southeast corner of State and Main Streets near the Sherman Minton Bridge. It is the oldest building in New Albany.Joel built the house in 1814.
 Pompano Citi Centre is a primarily open-air shopping mall in Pompano Beach Florida. The center consists of a big box retailer strip in addition to a small lifestyle center section. The mall's anchors include J. C. Penney Lowe's Macy's and Sears. Office Depot and Ross are considered by Faison the property owner and developer as junior anchors. [1]Previously the center was an enclosed mall called Pompano Square. Originally developed by Leonard L. Farber Inc.
 Nordli Church (Norwegian: Nordli kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandvika. The church is part of the Nordli parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was constructed in 1873 and it seats about 250 people. The architect Carl J. Bergstrøm designed the building.
 Fort McCulloch was a Confederate military fort built by CSA Brigadier General Albert Pike in the Indian Territory during the American Civil War after the Battle of Pea Ridge.
 St Bartholomew's Church Dublin is a Church of Ireland parish church located on Clyde Road in Ballsbridge on the Southside of Dublin.
 Brownville Hotel is a historic hotel located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It is a stone structure built about 1820.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Shanghai Museum is a museum of ancient Chinese art situated on the People's Square in the Huangpu District of Shanghai China. Rebuilt at its current location in 1996 it is often considered China's first world-class museum.
 Cape Cod Museum of Art is an art museum in the town of Dennis in Barnstable County Massachusetts United States in the center of the region Cape Cod.
 Ulsan Museum is a history museum located in Nam-gu Ulsan South Korea. The museum has a permanent exhibit that details life in Ulsan and the rest of Korea from prehistoric times to the present. Construction of the museum commenced on January 2 2009 and was completed on January 31 2011. It opened on June 22 2011.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Terre Haute (FCI Terre Haute) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Indiana. It is part of the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Terre Haute) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 The Vocational-Agriculture Building in Lovelock Nevada located at 1150 Elmhurst Ave. is a historic Moderne-style building that was built in 1941. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was a work of the National Youth Administration and it was a work of Reno architect Russell Mills.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The building is now used for the Pershing County School District offices.
 The City Market is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Delaware Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Asbury-Delaware Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal Church located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was constructed in two phases between 1871 and 1876 and is a distinct example of High Victorian Gothic ecclestastical architecture. In 2006 the structure became home to Righteous Babe Records and known as The Church or Babeville.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Nesquehoning High School is a historic high school located at Nesquehoning Carbon County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1917 and 1919 and is a four-story seven bay school building in the Classical Revival style. It is constructed of structural terra cotta and faced with Roman brick. It measures 75 feet wide and 135 feet deep. The school closed in the 1960s and was renovated into apartments in 1998.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Caldwell Hall in Pine Bluff Arkansas was built in 1928. It was designed in Late Gothic Revival style by architects Thompson Sanford & Ginnochio.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Propulsion and Structural Test Facility is a facility of the George C. Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville Alabama. It was the site where the first single stage rockets with multiple engines were tested.This site was built in 1957 by the Army Ballistic Missile Agency and was the primary center responsible for the development of large vehicles and rocket propulsion systems. The Saturn Family of launch vehicles was developed here under the direction of Wernher von Braun.
 Christ Episcopal Church was an historic Episcopal church at 909 Eddy Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Gothic church was built in 1888 by William R. Walker and Son and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.The church sat empty for a number of years after being closed in 1981 and began to deteriorate earning it a place on the Providence Preservation Society annual 10 Most Endangered Properties List in 1999 and again in 2003. The building was demolished in January 2006.
 The Thaddeus Binford House is located in Marshalltown Iowa. The house was built in 1874 for Thaddeus Binford a wealthy Quaker attorney and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Ezekiel Sawin House is a historic house at 44 William Street in Fairhaven Massachusetts.The house was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Peninsular Telephone Company Building also known as the Peninsula Telephone Company Building or the GTE Building is an historic three-story yellow brick building located at 1009 4th Avenue West in Bradenton Florida. Built in 1925 for Peninsular an independent telephone operating company based in Tampa which later became part of General Telephone (GTE it was designed by local architect J. H. Johnson in the Commercial or Chicago School of architecture.
 Old Main Suomi College is an educational building located on Quincy Street on the Finlandia University campus in Hancock Michigan. It is also known as the Suomi College Building. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1959 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Connecticut Governor's Residence serves as the official home of the Governor of Connecticut. It is located at 990 Prospect Avenue in Hartford.The Connecticut Governor’s Residence has served as the official residence since 1945. The house was originally built in 1909 for George C.F. Williams a Hartford physician and industrialist. It was designed in the Georgian Revival style by the Boston-based architectural firm of Andrews Jacques & Rantoul and built at a cost of $337000.
 The Church of St. Brendan is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at East 207th Street and Perry Avenue in the Norwood neighborhood of The Bronx New York City.
 George W. Search House is a historic home located at Shickshinny Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and altered between 1916 and 1928. It is a two-story two bay wide rectangular gable front building. It measures 26 feet wide by 53 feet deep and is clad in clapboard. It features stained glass windows and a wraparound porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 All Saints Church (Latvian: Visu Svēto pareizticīgo baznīca) is an Orthodox church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 10 Katoļu Street.
 Louis Joliet Mall formerly known as Westfield Louis Joliet Mall is a shopping mall in Joliet Illinois. It is located at 1118 Mall Loop Drive Joliet. Its four anchor stores are Carson Pirie Scott JCPenney Macy's (formerly Marshall Field's) and Sears. The mall opened in 1978 with Sears and Marshall Field & Company. Bergner-Weise opened in September 1979 and JCPenney would move from downtown to the mall one month later.
 Baltimore City Hall is the official seat of government of the City of Baltimore in the State of Maryland. The City Hall houses the offices of the Mayor and those of the City Council of Baltimore. The building also hosts the city Comptroller some various city departments agencies and boards/commissions along with the historic chambers of the Baltimore City Council.
 The historic Calvary Episcopal Church was established in 1857 and is located at 821 South 4th Street Louisville Kentucky. This stone gothic church was built in Old Louisville in 1888 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The church is a member parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Kentucky.
 Hilton Diagonal Mar Barcelona Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2004 has 25 floors and rises 85 metres. It is part of Hilton Hotels. Lies on Passeig del Taulat street 262.
 Old Town Farm is a historic poor farm building at 430 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts. The brick two story building was built in 1846 after Methuen lost its earlier poor farm due to the loss of part of its territory to newly-founded Lawrence. The building is five bays wide and deep with entries on the front and side; the front entraice is recessed with a fanlight and sidelights.
 Lothrop Memorial Building-G.A.R. Hall is an historic building located at 95 Washington Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was originally built in 1888 as the First Presbyterian Church on land purchased from Marcus Morton. The church was dissolved in 1903 and sold to Cyrus Lothrop who donated the it to the Massachusetts Veterans of the G.A.R. It was the home of William H. Bartlett GAR Post No.
 Dixon Street Flats is a historic building in Wellington New Zealand popularly believed to be designed by architect Ernst Plischke.The Dixon Street Flats in central Wellington were completed in 1944 (1947 in Kernohan) as part of the first Labour Government's state housing programme.
 The Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center best known as Bronx Lebanon is a hospital in The Bronx borough of New York City. It was founded as the Lebanon Hospital by Jonas Weil in 1890. In 1962 Lebanon Hospital merged with Bronx Hospital and since 1971 the combined center has served as the primary teaching hospital for Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
 Platte County Courthouse in Platte City Missouri was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Church of the Trinity and San Giovanni (French: Église de la Trinité et de San Giovanni or Église de la Sainte-Trinité d'Aregno Church of the Holy Trinity of Aregno) is a Roman Catholic church in Aregno Corsica. It is a Romanesque and Pisan-style building and is about 130 feet (40 meters) higher than the rest of the commune. The church is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and to John the Apostle.
 Winchester Town Hall is a historic town hall at 71 Mount Vernon Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick building was built in 1887 to a design by Rand and Taylor. It was funded in part by a bequest from William Parsons Winchester for whom the town is named. Stylistically the building has Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival styling.
 Enmyō-in (圓明院) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon Chizan sect located in Kisarazu in Chiba Prefecture. Its go-honzon or primary object of veneration is a statute of Ācala known in Japanese as the Fudō Myōō or the Immovable Wisdom King. A well-known kaya or Japanese nutmeg-yew tree of almost 5.4 meters in circumference is located within the temple grounds. A small hall was built at Enmyō-in in 1989 dedicated to prayers for traffic safety.
 Bangkok Hospital is a hospital located in Bangkok Thailand. It was opened in 1972 by a team of doctors pharmacists and 30 nurses. Currently the hospital is one of the largest privately owned hospitals in Southeast Asia and has grown to one of the most advanced hospitals in the world.Bangkok Hospital Group is Thailand's largest hospital operator with 13 network locations.In 2007 Group Chief Executive Officer of Bangkok Hospital Group Co.Ltd.
 St. Michael's Cathedral is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts United States. The parish was established in 1847 as St. Benedict's. This came after years of local Catholics having to fight Protestant opposition to establish a parish. A former Baptist church was bought by the congregation and used as its first church building. For the first five years they had no pastor when the Rev. Michael P. Gallagher was assigned to serve the parish.
 Bobcat Trail Habitation Cave is a historic site of Ancient Hawaiian living quarters in a remote interior area of the island of Hawaiʻi.
 Atlah Worldwide Missionary Church is a Bible-believing Christian church and ministry located in Harlem New York USA. The church is led by James David Manning who is the chief pastor. The church campus is the site of the ATLAH Theological Seminary where classes are offered on preaching and prophecy. The church is also the home of the Manning Report.
 Krageholm Castle (Swedish: Krageholms slott) is a castle in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Jostedal Church (Norwegian: Jostedal kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Jostedal. The church is part of the Jostedal parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 120 seats was built around 1660 by builder Hans Ottesen Ravn. The present church is the third church to be located here. The first church was a stave church that was probably built in the 1200s.
 Essen Minster (German: Essener Münster) since 1958 also Essen Cathedral (Essener Dom) is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Essen the Diocese of the Ruhr founded in 1958. The church dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian and the Blessed Virgin Mary stands on the Burgplatz in the centre of the city of Essen.The minster was formerly the collegiate church of Essen Abbey founded in about 845 by Altfrid Bishop of Hildesheim around which the city of Essen grew up.
 The Canal Warehouse is a historic warehouse at the intersection of Main and Mulberry Streets in downtown Chillicothe Ohio United States. Built in 1830 along the Ohio and Erie Canal this three-story brick building is an ornate gabled structure with large dormers set into both sides of the main roof. These dormers served a purpose far different from decoration: their windows connect with first-floor doors to enable longshoremen easily to move goods into or out of the third floor.
 The World Police Museum (Chinese: 世界警察博物館; pinyin: Shìjiè Jǐngchá Bówùguǎn) is a museum about policing in Guishan Township Taoyuan County Taiwan. The museum is located inside the Central Police University.
 All Souls Church is a former Anglican church that served the Clive Vale suburb of Hastings a seaside resort town and borough in the English county of East Sussex between 1890 and 2007. The large [and] serious town church has been described as one of the best works by prolific ecclesiastical architect Arthur Blomfield.
 Gilead Railroad Station (former) is an historic train station in Gilead Maine.The station was built in 1851 by the Grand Trunk Railway and added to the National Historic Register in 1992. The station was moved from Gilead to Auburn Maine to save it from demolition in 1991. In January 2011 it was moved back to Gilead at Back St and Bridge St just off Route 2. The station has since been repainted and restored.
 The Capt. George Lovell House is a historic house at 8 E. Bay Road in the Osterville section of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1826 and was the home of a prominent local ship's captain. In 1925-26 the house received a major upgrade which included the addition of the Greek temple portico front and other Colonial Revival styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St. Bartholomew's Church commonly called St. Bart's is a historic Episcopal parish founded in January 1835 and located on the east side of Park Avenue between 50th and 51st Street in Midtown Manhattan New York City.
 D. Newlin Fell School is a historic school building located in the East Oregon neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It shares a site with the George C. Thomas Junior High School. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story eight bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features two projecting entrances with stone surrounds and a brick parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Eurasia Tower (Russian: Башня Евразия) is a 308.9 m (1013 ft) tall skyscraper in Moscow International Business Center Moscow Russia. The complex will house offices apartments a hotel and other entertainment.Located on plot 12 is an office/recreational space with a total area of 207542 square meters. It will be situated on a three-tier podium which will have a fitness centre entertainment restaurants and shops.
 The Lincoln School in Oskaloosa Iowa was built in 1921. It was designed by Frank E. Wetherell with elements of Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St Nicholas Church is a parish church in the Church of England that can be found in the centre of North Walsham Norfolk England. The building is well known for its landmark collapsed tower.
 The New Hampshire Governor's Mansion known as Bridges House is the official residence of the Governor of New Hampshire and the governor's family. Bridges House located in Concord the capital of New Hampshire has served as the governor's official residence since 1969. Bridges House was built by Charles Graham about 1836. Styles Bridges governor of New Hampshire (1935–36) and U.S. senator for 25 years thereafter lived here from 1946 until his death.
 St. Brendan Catholic Church is a Catholic church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles located in the Hancock Park section of Los Angeles California. The current Gothic Revival-style church was built in 1927 and has also served as a location for various Hollywood productions.
 City Palace Jaipur which includes the Chandra Mahal and Mubarak Mahal palaces and other buildings is a palace complex in Jaipur the capital of the Rajasthan state India. It was the seat of the Maharaja of Jaipur the head of the Kachwaha Rajput clan. The Chandra Mahal palace now houses a museum but the greatest part of it is still a royal residence.
 The Larkin Terminal Warehouse also known as Larkin at Exchange or the Larkin R/S/T Building is located at 726 Exchange Street Buffalo New York in a neighborhood known as the Hydraulics. The neighborhood was one of Buffalo's earliest industrial districts and it derived its name from the construction of a small hydraulic canal. The building clearly visible from the I-190 interstate was originally part of the Larkin Company and was one of the last constructed buildings in the complex.
 The National NuGrape Company Lofts are located in Atlanta's Old Fourth Ward on the north side of Ralph McGill Blvd. and the west side of the BeltLine trail. The building was built in 1937 as the national headquarters for the NuGrape Company a soft drink firm in Atlanta Georgia United States. The building was occupied by NuGrape until 1971 when it was sold to a printing company. After 1990 the building was converted to loft apartments.
 Wat Ounalom (also Wat Onalaom and several other spellings) is a wat located on Sisowath Quay in Phnom Penh Cambodia near the Royal Palace of Cambodia.It is the most important wat of Phnom Penh and the center of Cambodian Buddhism. It was established in 1443 and consists of 44 structures. It was damaged during the Khmer Rouge but has since been restored. The main complex has a stupa which contains what is believed to be an eyebrow hair of Buddha and an inscription in Pali.
 The Yangon Ear Nose and Throat Hospital (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် နား နှာခေါင်း လည်ချောင်း ဆေးရုံ) is a public specialist hospital located in Yangon Myanmar. The Yangon ENT Hospital was called the Yangon Eye Ear Nose and Throat (EENT) Hospital on Alanpya Road. It was moved to the current location in 2000.
 The Tenino Depot located in Tenino Washington was built by the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1914 along the mainline from Portland Oregon to Tacoma Washington. The depot is rectangular in shape and is made out of the local sandstone. (The sandstone quarry located east of the rail line was also listed in the National Register of Historic Places.) The architecture is a modernized Richardsonian style with simplified stone coursework and arched windows.
 The William Shay Double House is a residential duplex at Point Street and River Road in New Hamburg New York United States. It was built around 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Shay a local rag and cotton merchant lived nearby and worked out of an adjacent warehouse. The duplex is a brick building in the Gothic Revival architectural style unusual for both its scale and amount of decoration for utilitarian worker housing of the period in the area.
 Šarena Džamija (Macedonian: Шарена Џамија; Albanian: Xhamia e Pashës; Turkish: Alaca Cami) meaning Decorated Mosque in English is a mosque located near the Pena River in Tetovo Macedonia. The mosque was originally built in 1438 and later rebuilt in 1833 by Abdurrahman Pasha.
 The Cima Park Fire Guard Station near Douglas Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is vernacular log architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service and served as institutional housing. The listing included four contributing buildings on a 2-acre (0.81 ha) area.
 St Mary-le-More is a Church of England parish church in Wallingford Oxfordshire England. The church is in the centre of the town near the town hall.
 Westerhouse House is a historic home located near Bridgetown Northampton County Virginia. It dates to about 1700 and is a small one-story four-bay farmhouse with a steep gable roof and asymmetrical elevations. It features an exterior end chimney with a heavy pyramidal base long sloping tiled weatherings and squat free-standing stack.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Pinehurst Court is a portered Victorian mansion block at 1-9 Colville Gardens just off Colville Terrace and near the Portobello Market in Notting Hill London England.
 Owens Park is a large hall of residence which is located in the Fallowfield district of the city of Manchester England. The hall is owned by the University of Manchester and houses 1056 students.The hall designed by Building Design Partnership and built in 1964-6 is most notable for its 61 metres (200 ft) high tower which is a local landmark.
 Water Mill is a historic watermill located at Water Mill in Suffolk County New York USA. It is a 2-story heavy wood-frame structure with a wood-shingle exterior and composed of two building sections. There is a 2-story square-shaped main section and 1-story one-bay wing. Attached to the rear is a 2 1⁄2-story tower and 1-story glassed-in porch. The mill structure dates to the mid-17th century. It operated as a mill until the early 20th century.
 Waggener Hall is an academic building located on the University of Texas at Austin campus.
 Red Hills is a historic home and farm complex located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It consists of a two-story five bay brick main section built about 1797 in the Georgian style and two brick rear wings. It has a modern one-story frame wing. The front facade features one-story gabled portico of Colonial Revival design added about 1939.
 Robidoux Pass also known as Roubadeau Pass Roubedeau Pass Roubideau Pass Roubidoux Passis and Roubadeau Pass Gap is a gap passing through the Wildcat Hills near Scottsbluff Nebraska about 9 miles (14 km) west of Gering Nebraska. The gap was on the route of the historic Oregon or Emigrant Trail. It is at an elevation of 4554 feet (1388 m).
 Haverfordwest Museum is a local history and heritage museum in Haverfordwest Pembrokeshire. Collections include local and social history the history of the castle and a selection of local art. The museum is housed in the former governor's house a Grade II listed building at Haverfordwest Castle the former town prison. In 2012 Pembrokeshire County Council decided to sell the current site for use commercially and relocate the museum to another site.
 Rockville Mall was an indoor shopping mall in Rockville Maryland. Opened in 1972 the mall originated as part of an urban renewal project. Much of it was demolished in 1995 and later replaced with Rockville Town Center.
 The 88 is a 22-storey 87.2 m (286 ft) residential skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. Upon completion of the tower in 2008 the tower became the tallest building in the city surpassing the 86.9 m (285 ft) San Jose City Hall that was completed in 2005.
 The Alton Simmons House also known as Alton Simmons Residence is a Ward Wellington Ward-designed home in Syracuse New York. It is a gambrel-roofed house and includes a Henry Mercer-tiled fireplace.
 The Calumet Theatre is a historic theatre located at 340 Sixth Street in the town of Calumet Michigan. It is also known as the Calumet Opera House or the Calumet Civic Auditorium. It is integral to but a separate unit of the Calumet municipal building. The structure was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Zamboanga del Norte Medical Center is the first tertiary level I hospital and the largest provincial medical center in Zamboanga Peninsula and in Mindanao situated in Barangay Sicayab Dipolog City. With its state of the art facilities and equipment this hospital is able to cater the needs of the people of the province of Zamboanga del Norte and the nearby municipalities in the provinces of Zamboanga del Sur and Misamis Occidental.
 Methodist-Episcopal Church of Norwich is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at 74 N. Broad Street in Norwich Chenango County New York. It was designed by noted architect Isaac G. Perry and built 1873-1875. It is a large two story brick structure generally rectangular in shape (110 feet long by 64 feet wide) with a cross gabled transept (76 feet wide by 12 feet deep). The front facade features two engaged towers with a large central round arched entrance.
 Burgholtshouse or Burgholts House is a historic home located at Lower Windsor Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1820 and is a large 2 1/2-story Georgian-style stone dwelling. It is five bays wide and has a gable roof. It features a second story front porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Burgruine Khünburg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 East Hall is a historic home located on the campus of West Virginia State University at Institute Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 and is a modest two-story frame building with a hipped roof. In 1937 it was moved from the east side of campus to the west quadrangle. Until 1974 it was the official home to presidents of West Virginia State University and is the oldest building on campus.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Centenary Baptist Church is a Baptist church in the city of Secunderabad India. It was established in the year 1875 and has a current membership of more than 3000 members. The original older structure and a new centenary structure built in 1991 exist side by side in the same premises. Worship services are only held in the new sanctuary. The church offers services in Telugu English Hindi and Manipuri.
 The American Bank Building is a 15-floor building in Portland Oregon U.S. It stands 63 metres (207 ft) tall and was built in 1913.The building was the tallest in the city for 14 years until surpassed by the Public Service Building in 1927. Designed by A. E. Doyle it is located at 621 SW Morrison Street and was formerly known as the Northwestern National Bank Building. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Atlantic Hotel is located in Downtown Missoula and is Listed on the National register of Historic Places. The building now houses the Circle Square Secondhand store. The building is currently located at 519 N. Higgins.
 Carmelite Monastery (Sisters of Mercy Convent) is a historic monastery at 200 E. Carpenter Street in Stanton Texas.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1999.Designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
 First Methodist Church also known as First United Methodist Church is a building in McMinnville Tennessee. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Church of the Holy Angels is an Anglican church in Hoar Cross Staffordshire England. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Hough End Hall is a historic house in Chorlton-cum-Hardy Manchester North West England. It was built in 1596 during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I by Sir Nicholas Mosley (ca. 1527–1612) when he became Lord of the Manor of Manchester and of the dependent Manor of Withington (Chorlton-cum-Hardy was at the time a township within the Manor of Withington).
 Holy Cross Armenian Apostolic Church is a significant Armenian Apostolic Churchin Washington Heights Manhattan New York City at 580 West 187th Street. It occupies the former second location of the Lutheran church of The Lutheran Church of Our Saviour established in 1897 as a mission church of St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church and built in its second location at West 187th Street. The church building was built between 1925 to 1926 at a cost of $30000 to designs by an architect Stoyan N.
 Efjord Chapel (Norwegian: Efjord kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Kobbvika. The church is part of the Ballangen parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1985. It seats about 75 people and it holds at least 6 worship services each year.
 The Elkhorn Municipal Building is located in Elkhorn Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Eleven Madison Park is a Contemporary American restaurant located at 11 Madison Avenue (at East 24th Street) in the Flatiron District in New York City. It ranked #4 in the S.Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants in 2014. It is owned by Chef Daniel Humm and Will Guidara.
 J. S. Halpine Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse at West and Mill Streets in New Milford Connecticut.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Garden Tower is a high-rise building in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt Germany. It was built between 1973 and 1976 as the headquarters of Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen (Helaba) and was one of the first high-rise buildings in Frankfurt's financial district the Bankenviertel. The building designed by architecture firm Novotny Mähner Assoziierte was commonly referred to as Helaba-Hochhaus until Helaba moved to a new location the 200-metres-high Main Tower in 1999.
 Malacañang sa Sugbo (English: Malacañang of Cebu Tagalog: Malakanyang sa Cebu) is the official residence of the President of the Philippines in the Visayas. It is located in Cebu City near the Port Area and Fort San Pedro and within walking distance from the Basilica Minore del Santo Niño Magellan's Cross and City Hall. It is named after the Malacañang Palace the official residence of the President in the capital city of Manila.
 Polish Home Hall is a historic building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a large two-story masonry vernacular Beaux-Arts style building bearing classical features and symmetry. It was constructed about 1905 as the city hall fire station and meeting hall for the small community of Curtis Bay within the southern limits of Baltimore City.
 The Heimburg (also known as Burg Hohneck or Burg Hoheneck) is a castle in the village of Niederheimbach in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.
 University Hospital is located in Columbia Missouri USA. It has the only Level I trauma center and helicopter service in mid-Missouri and the only burn intensive care unit in Mid-Missouri. It also has an accredited chest pain center cardiology program and a multidisciplinary digestive disease program. Physicians throughout the state refer many of their cases to this hospital of University of Missouri Health Care.
 St Mary's Church Betws-y-Coed is in the village of Betws-y-Coed Conwy Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church of the Church in Wales in the deanery of Arllechwedd the archdeaconry of Bangor and the diocese of Bangor. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Ross Female Factory a former Australian workhouse for female convicts in the penal colony of Van Diemen's Land is located in the village of Ross in the midlands region of Tasmania.
 The Sovereign Hotel is a converted hotel in Santa Monica California USA. Built in 1929 the Sovereign was a large five-story 130-room hotel.
 The Tour Majunga is a building under construction in La Défense near Paris in France. It is due to reach a height of 193.05 m (top of its spire) upon completion in 2013. It could become the third tallest skypscraper in France after First (231m) and Montparnasse (210m).. Main architect of the tour is Jean-Paul Viguier.
 Poland Spring Bottling Plant and Spring House is an historic site that is part of Poland Springs and is located on Ricker Road in Poland Maine.The Renaissance style site was built in 1907 by Harry C. Wilkinson and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984
 Bren Hall opened in April 2002 is located on the campus of University of California Santa Barbara located in Santa Barbara California. It is named in honor of philanthropist Donald Bren and hosts the university's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. It has been called the greenest laboratory facility in the United States and offers a picturesque view of the Santa Barbara Channel and the Channel Islands.
 The Chapel of St. Edward was a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Warwick Orange County New York. The parish was established in 1887 and closed in 2007.
 Wild Wing Restaurants is a Canadian franchised restaurant chain that specializes in chicken wings quick serve foods and other related products and beverages.
 The Copenhagen Court House (Danish: Københavns Domhus) is a historic building located on Nytorv in Copenhagen Denmark. Originally built as a combined city hall and courthouse it now serves as the seat of the District Court of Copenhagen. Inauguated in 1815 it was built to the design of Christian Frederik Hansen in Neoclassical style.
 Salina Presbyterian Church (also known as The Crosby Memorial Church) is a historic church at 204 S. 1st East in Salina Utah.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The building is now being restored as a private residence.
 Hill Top Correctional Centre was built to accommodate 98 boys.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 William C. Sharpless House is a historic home located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built about 1886 and is a three-story Wissahickon schist clapboard and shingle dwelling in the Queen Anne-style. It features decorative quoining gable and hipped rooflines and terra cotta decorative details. A two-story addition was built in the early 1900s.
 Maple Grove Friends Church is a historic Quaker meeting house in Maple Grove Maine.It was built in 1863 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Soleil is a skyscraper located at 495 Adelaide Street Brisbane Australia. Construction began in early 2009 with the building officially opened in 2011. At 243m it was Brisbane's tallest building until 2013 when Infinity Tower (249m) overtook it.It contains 25 floors of serviced apartments and 43 floors of private residential apartments. In total there are 464 apartments. There is no penthouse in the building.
 The Springhill Institution is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the town of Springhill Nova Scotia.
 Saskatoon Square is a 16 story office tower in downtown Saskatooon Saskatchewan. It is located at the northeast corner of 22nd Street East and 4th Avenue North. It was built in 1979 and is the third tallest building in Saskatoon and the tallest office tower.In December 2010 the building was sold to Dundee Real Estate Investment Trust for $50 million.
 The Cape Race LORAN-C transmitter is a LORAN-C transmitter at Cape Race Newfoundland and Labrador on Canada's eastern seaboard. The Cape Race LORAN-C transmitter was used as an antenna tower until February 2 1993. It was a 411.48 m (1350 ft) tall guyed mast built in 1965. This mast was the tallest structure in Canada until the construction of the CN Tower in Toronto and remained the second-tallest structure until its collapse on February 2 1993.
 Lewiston Trust and Safe Deposit Company is a historic building at 46 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Suruga Sanatorium (国立駿河療養所) or National Suruga Sanatorium is a national sanatorium for leprosy and ex-leprosy patients situated in Gotemba Shizuoka Japan since 1945.
 Bupaya Pagoda (Burmese: ဗူးဘုရားpronounced: [bú pʰəjá]) is a notable pagoda located in Bagan (formerly Pagan) in Myanmar at a bend on the right bank of the Ayeyarwady River. The small pagoda which has a bulbous shaped dome is widely believed to have been built by the third King of Pagan Pyusawhti who ruled from 168 to 243 AD.
 The Settles Hotel is an historic 15-story hotel located at 201 East Third Street in Big Spring Texas. Originally completed in 1930 the Settles opened for business October 1 1930 and was occupied until the early 1980s. It has stood abandoned since that time.The building was purchased by the Settles Hotel Development Corporation in late 2006.
 Salem Evangelical Lutheran Church also known as Old Salem Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church located in Lebanon Lebanon County Pennsylvania. The property includes two contributing buildings: the 18th century Old Salem church and the 19th century Salem Memorial Chapel. The Old Salem church was built between 1796 and 1798 and is a two-story rectangular limestone building. It was modified in 1848 to infill corners and add the second story.
 The Palace of Justice (Malay: Istana Kehakiman; Jawi: ايستان كهكيمن) houses the Malaysian Court of Appeal and Federal Court which moved to Putrajaya from the Sultan Abdul Samad Building in Kuala Lumpur in the early 2000s.
 Knox Presbyterian Church Oakville is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation and located at 89 Dunn Street at Lakeshore Road (Highway 2) in downtown Oakville Ontario Canada.
 Student Shriver CenterThe Shriver Center located at Miami University in Oxford Ohio USA was first opened as the University Center in 1958. Later it was renamed as the Phillip R. Shriver Center and provided space for not just the student body at the University but also for faculty staff and the greater Oxford community.Today the student body is triple the size it was 50 years ago when the University Center first opened.
 St. Francis Health Center (SFMC) is a not-for-profit hospital in Topeka Kansas USA. The hospital was founded in 1909 by the Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth.
 St. Mary's Hospital Lacor commonly referred to as Lacor Hospital is a hospital in Gulu District Northern Uganda. It was founded by Comboni missionaries and is administered and managed by Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gulu.
 The Hammond-Harwood House in Annapolis Maryland USA is one of the premier colonial houses remaining in America from the British colonial period (1607–1776). It is the only existing work of colonial academic architecture that was principally designed from a plate in Andrea Palladio’s I Quattro Libri dell’Architettura 1570 (The Four Books of Architecture). The house was designed by the architect William Buckland in 1773-74 for wealthy farmer Matthias Hammond of Anne Arundel County Maryland.
 First Unitarian Church of Marietta is a historic church at 232 3rd Street in Marietta Ohio.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 Wyatt Hall is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was built or has other significance in c.1805 and 1847. It includes Federal architecture. When listed the property included one contributing building and two non-contributing buildings on an area of 8.4 acres (3.4 ha).The building is one of the oldest houses in Middle Tennessee and its walls were plastered with a mix of hogs' hair lime and sand.
 Hutton Settlement District is a historic district near Spokane Washington. It was first listed on the NRHP in 1976 as Hutton Settlement. It had 15 acres with 12 contributing buildings and 4 contributing structures. It was expanded by 304 acres and renamed in 1994.
 St Martin's Church Waithe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Waithe Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in open countryside near the A16 road between Grimsby and Louth.
 Edmonton City Centre is a shopping mall in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada across the street (west) from Churchill Square.
 Duey and Julia Wright House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Wausau Wisconsin in 1959. The house resembles a musical note from above. The client owned a Wausau music store.
 Coventry Cathedral also known as St Michael's Cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry in Coventry West Midlands England. The current (9th) bishop is the Right Revd Christopher Cocksworth and the current Dean is The Very Revd John Witcombe.The city has had three cathedrals. The first was St. Mary's a monastic building only a few ruins of which remain.
 The Kingston Hill Farm is a historic site at 549 Old North Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The farm known also as the Potter-Peckham Farm was built in 1810 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Blinn-Pulver Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse in Chatham New York on Route 66. Gail Blass Wolczanski of the Chatham Village Historical Society is working on restoring the run-down farmhouse. The restored farmhouse will be called Historical Society Education Center with a museum archives and a library. The farmhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as Blinn—Pulver Farmhouse.
 The Flower Drum is a notable multi-award winning Chinese cuisine restaurant in Melbourne Australia.It has reached the Restaurant magazine Top 50 several times ranking it as one of the world's finest restaurants. The Flower Drum is widely regarded as a Melbourne institution.It is frequently booked months in advance.It is located just off Bourke Street in Market Lane in the Chinatown precinct of the Melbourne CBD.It is owned by Executive Chef Anthony Lui William Shek and Patricia Fung.
 World Product Center is a building that was scheduled to be built on 11th Avenue and West 34th Street in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The building would have more than 1200000 square feet (110000 m2) of space. The building would have been used as a Hospital Medical center and a Lab. The building would have allowed doctors to use the buildings lab and a place to study on disease and researching.
 The Port Tower is a 1947 ft (593 m) tall skyscraper proposed for construction in Karachi the financial capital of Pakistan. It will be constructed with the collaboration of local and foreign investors in association with the Karachi Port Trust. The height of the tower has a special significance as it represents the year 1947 when Pakistan was formed.
 Holy Trinity Church Ulverston is a redundant Anglican parish church located in New Church Lane Ulverston Cumbria England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 The Ganting Grand Mosque (Indonesian: Masjid Raya Ganting; also written and pronounced Gantiang in Minang) is a Sunni mosque located in Ganting Padang West Sumatra Indonesia. Construction began in 1805 making it the oldest in Padang and one of the oldest in Indonesia. It is a Cultural Property of Indonesia.The building which involved persons from various cultural backgrounds in its construction was the centre of an Islamic reform in the area during the 19th century.
 The Cosmodome is the home to both Space Camp Canada and the Space Science Center (a museum). Space Camp Canada welcomed its first campers in July 1994 while the Space Science Center opened its doors to the public in December 1994.
 Garrison Hall (abbreviated GAR) is a building located on the University of Texas at Austin campus. Important figures in Texas history including Austin Travis Houston and Lamar are set in stone along the hall while walls under the building's eaves contains cattle brands.
 Spanish Town is a historic district anchored by Spanish Town Road in Baton Rouge the capital city of the U.S. state of Louisiana. Spanish Town was commissioned in 1805. Spanish Town holds the title of the oldest neighborhood in Baton Rouge and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The George I. Briggs House locally referred to as the Briggs-McDermott House is located along Sandwich Road in Bourne Massachusetts United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and currently serves as historic house museum operated by the Bourne Historical Society.Originally built around 1802 by Josephus Keene the house was significantly expanded and renovated in the Greek Revival style in the 1830s by Briggs who married Keene's granddaughter Thirza.
 The Fatima Khatun Mosque (Arabic: جامع جنين الكبير‎ also known as the Great Mosque of Jenin) is the main mosque of the Palestinian city of Jenin in the northern West Bank. Adjacent to the mosque is the still-active Fatima Khatun Girls' School.
 St. Mary's Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Portland in Portland Oregon United States and serves Roman Catholics in western Oregon.
 Oddernes Church originally built of stone is a church in the former municipality of Oddernes now Kristiansand Norway. The tower section is a later addition made of wood. The oldest building in Kristiansand from c. 1040 it is the main church in Oddernes Parish in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark within the Church of Norway. The chancel has rubble walls and a semi-circular apse testifying to the church's medieval origins. The church seats 395.
 The Pardee Home is a house in Oakland California that was home to three generations of the Pardee family. It is now a non-profit museum showing over 100 years of the life of a prominent California family. The house a well-preserved example of Italianate architecture is a city landmark a California Historical Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was constructed in 1869 by California State Senator Enoch H. Pardee.
 The Lakeville Historic District in Salisbury Connecticut is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It is also the name of a local historic district that was established in 1970. The local historic district is entirely included within the National Register-listed district.The district represents about 10 acres (4.0 ha) of the village center of Lakeville Connecticut where the street grid remains virtually unchanged from the late 19th century.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Cemetery is a historic church on LA 1 between Courthouse Street and LA 1008 in Napoleonville Louisiana.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Amalfi Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Sant'Andrea/Duomo di Amalfi) is a 9th-century Roman Catholic structure in the Piazza del Duomo Amalfi Italy. It is dedicated to the Apostle Saint Andrew. Predominantly of Arab-Norman Romanesque[citation needed] architectural style it has been remodeled several times adding Romanesque Byzantine Gothic and Baroque elements. The cathedral includes the adjoining 9th century Basilica of the Crucifix.
 The Bostick Female Academy also known as Triune School is a property in Triune Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.At one time Triune had five private schools including a Porter Female Academy that was destroyed in 1863 in the American Civil War. On the board of the Porter Female Academy was a Dr. Jonathan Bostick who later bequeathed funds for the Bostick Female Academy.
 Scotia Place is an office tower complex in Edmonton Alberta Canada that was completed in 1983. It is located at 10060 Jasper Avenue in the heart of Edmonton's Downtown. It is home to several long term tenants such as Grant Thornton APEGGA Ernst & Young Duncan Craig LLP and Edmonton Transit. The namesake of the complex is Scotiabank.The highest skyscraper in the complex is Scotia 1 with 28 floors and reaching 113 m (371 ft).
 Bible Grove Consolidated District #5 School (also known as Bible Grove School) is a historic school on the south side of Route T. at Bible Grove Missouri.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Vestnes Church (Norwegian: Vestnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Vestnes. The church is part of the Vestnes parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1872 by the architect A. Johnsen Berg. The church seats about 480 people.
 The Garrett County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Oakland Garrett County Maryland United States. It is a three story 1907-1908 neo-classical Renaissance Revival masonry structure in the form of a Latin Cross with a central rotunda and dome. The Courthouse was designed by James Riely Gordon (1863–1937) a New York architect who specialized in designing government buildings.The Garrett County Courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Nenana Depot (also known as AHRS Site No. FAI-105) located on A St. in Nenana Alaska is an Alaska Railroad depot built in 1922. The station served an extension of the railroad which was laid in 1916. An addition was placed on the station in 1937 to house the station agent. The station has served both as an important part of the railroad's northern operations and as a terminal for its riverboat service on the Yukon River.
 James and Mary Lawson House is located in Woodstown Salem County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1869 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16 2001.
 Capital Gate is a skyscraper in Abu Dhabi adjacent to the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre designed with a striking lean. At 160 m (520 ft) and 35 stories it is one of the tallest buildings in the city and features an 18° incline to the west. The owner and developer of Capital Gate is Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company. The tower (also known as the Leaning Tower of Abu Dhabi) is the focal point of the Capital Center/Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre master development.
 The Hotel Tallcorn is located at 134 East Main Street in Marshalltown Iowa. Today it is called the Tallcorn Towers Apartments. Built in 1928 by the Eppley Hotel Company local citizens contributed $120000 to ensure the successful completion of this seven-story hotel. It was completed in connection to the seventy-fifth anniversary of Marshalltown. The hotel's sale in 1956 from the Eppley chain to the Sheraton Corporation was part of the second largest hotel sale in United States history.
 Alfred Dunk House also known as Brinker House is a historic home located at Binghamton in Broome County New York USA. It was built about 1853 or 1854 and is a two story plus attic wood frame house built over a stone basement. It is distinguished by the extremely steep pitch of its gable which is decorated with scroll sawn bargeboards and surmounted by its original finial and pendant in the Carpenter Gothic style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. James Cathedral is a church located at 215 North Orange Avenue in the central business district of Orlando Florida and functions as the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando. Its current rector is Fr. John McCormick. The bishop is John Noonan. The parish operates St. James Cathedral School on nearby Robinson Street which offers classes from pre-school through eighth grade.St. James parish traces its roots to May 20 1881 when Bishop John Moore of the Diocese of St.
 Higgins-Hodgeman House is a historic house located at 19 Cedar Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1880 for L.B. Higgins a merchant who operated a dry goods business downtown. The 2-1/2 story frame house is considered one of the best examples of Stick style architecture in the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It has retained much of its original wood details and clapboard siding although the green shutters are not original.
 Macedonia Church is a historic church in Burlington Ohio.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Our Lady of Mount Carmel Grotto is a national historic district located at 36 Amity Street in Rosebank Staten Island New York. It is a historic Roman Catholic grotto designed and constructed by the local Italian American community. Work on the distinctive concrete and stone folk art structure was begun in 1937 and continues to the present.
 Carroll Avenue is a street situated in Los Angeles near Echo Park. It is in Angelino Heights one of the older neighborhoods of Los Angeles. It consists of Victorian-era houses within a picturesque neighborhood which has served as the backdrop for countless motion pictures from the earliest days of cinema to the present.
 The Canadian Air and Space Museum (formerly the Toronto Aerospace Museum) is an aviation museum featuring artifacts exhibits and stories illustrating a century of Canadian aviation heritage and achievements. The museum was located in a hangar that once housed the original de Havilland Canada aircraft manufacturing building but in September 2011 the museum was evicted by the owner of the building who decided to use it for a new sports centre instead.
 Miller-Kingsland House is located in Boonton Morris County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1740 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1973.The Miller-Kingsland House is the oldest recorded home in Boonton and is listed on the New Jersey and National Registers of Historic Places. The original Dutch house was one-room with a sleeping attic built by Johannes Miller in 1740.
 McKim Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by DePauw University. Built in 1884 it is located in Greencastle Indiana (USA).
 Calvin T. Macomber House is a historic house located at 312 W. Brittania Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1885 for Calvin T. Macomber who was employed at Reed & Barton. It among the most complex examples of the Queen Anne style houses in the city with an asymmetrical plan and a variety of architectural details.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Skippack Bridge also known as Montgomery County Bridge No. 142 is a historic stone arch bridge located near Evansburg in Lower Providence Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1792 and repaired in 1874. It has eight spans is 33-foot (10 m) wide with an overall length of 202-foot (62 m). The bridge carries Germantown Pike across Skippack Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Bremetennacum or Bremetennacum Veteranorum was a Roman fort on the site of the present day village of Ribchester in Lancashire England (grid reference SD650350). (Variant names include Bremetonnacum Bremetenracum or Bresnetenacum). The site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.The site guarded a crossing-point of the River Ribble. The first known Roman activity was the building of a timber fort believed to have been constructed during the campaigns of Petillius Cerialis around AD 72/3.
 St Peter's Church is an active Anglican parish church located in Walpole St Peter Norfolk. One of the largest churches in the county it is known as the Cathedral of the Fens.
 The Broadway Tower located in the Enid Downtown Historic District in Enid Oklahoma was constructed in 1931 by McMillen and Shelton Construction Company. The Broadway Development Company hired George Ernst von Blumenauer of Enid and the Oklahoma City firm Layton Hicks and Forsythe to design the building in the Art Deco style.In 1943 Mr. Garrison Munger Sr. purchased the building. It remained in his family's ownership until 1981.
 The New 7th Storey Hotel was a budget hotel located on Rochor Road in the Downtown Core of Singapore.
 The Mitsubishi Ichigokan Museum Tokyo (三菱一号館美術館 Mitsubishi Ichigōkan Bijutsukan) is an art museum in Tokyo's Marunouchi district. Construction was completed in 2009 and the museum opened April 6 2010. The museum includes approximately 800 square metres (8600 sq ft) of exhibition space spread over 20 rooms throughout the building's 6000 square metres (65000 sq ft) floorplan.
 The Brookstreet Hotel is a modern luxury hotel in the Kanata suburb of the City of Ottawa Ontario Canada located north of the Queensway near the intersection of March Road and Carling Avenue in the Kanata Research Park and adjacent to the Marshes Golf Club.
 St Mary's Church Stockport is the oldest parish church in the town of Stockport Greater Manchester England. It stands in Churchgate overlooking the market place. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Stockport.
 The Gallatin Gateway Inn is a Spanish-stucco style railroad hotel at Gallatin Gateway Montana. The hotel is one of the Historic Inns of America. The Gallatin Gateway Inn was opened on June 18 1927. Constructed and operated by The Milwaukee Road (Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad) the luxury hotel was reached by electrified railroad branch line that connected to the Milwaukee's main line at Three Forks Montana.
 Albi Cathedral formally the Cathedral Basilica of Saint Cecilia (French: Basilique Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile d'Albi) is the most important religious building in Albi southern France and the seat of the Archbishop of Albi (in full Albi-Castres-Lavaur). First built as a fortress begun in 1287 and under construction for 200 years it is claimed to be the largest brick building in the world.In 2010 the cathedral was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 The United Charities Building also known as United Charities Building Complex at 105 East 22nd Street or 287 Park Avenue South in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan New York City near the border of the Flatiron District was built in 1893 by John S. Kennedy a wealthy banker for the Charity Organization Society.
 The Louisville and Nashville Turnpike was a toll road that ran from Louisville Kentucky to Nashville Tennessee during the 19th century. From Louisville one route now called US highway 31W (further discussed below) ran through Elizabethtown Munfordville Glasgow Junction (now Park City) Bowling Green and Franklin to the Tennessee line. The other Route ran through Bardstown Buffalo Glasgow and Scottsville and is currently named U.S. 31E.
 Bij Jef is a restaurant in Den Hoorn Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2009–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Culinaire Verwennerij Bij Jef is Jef Schuur. The restaurant is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers since 2012.
 1000 Connecticut Avenue is a high-rise skyscraper building located in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. This building replaced a previous one built in 1956 that was demolished in the winter of 2007.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1912 is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 1366 South Alvarado Street in South Los Angeles California. The former church is a Historic district contributing property in the Alvarado Terrace Historic District which was added on May 17 1984 to the National Register of Historic Places. It is also a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument.
 The Bank of the Southwest Tower was a proposed building located in Houston Texas at 1404 ft tall. It would have been second tallest building in North America after the Willis Tower in Chicago.[citation needed] With an estimated construction cost of $350–400 million the project was cancelled before construction commenced due to lack of funds during the economic downturn.The design created by architect Helmut Jahn of Murphy/Jahn Inc. Architects was the winner of a design competition in 1982.
 The Dr. Luke A. Port House also known as Historic Deepwood Estate or simply Deepwood is a historic house in Salem Oregon United States. It was designed by William C. Knighton as his first residential commission and the landscape design was done by the Salem firm of Lord & Schryver. The Queen Anne style house contains Povey Brothers Studio stained glass windows throughout. The construction cost was between $12000 and $15000.Dr. Port was born in Sussex England but was raised in Ohio.
 Loews Don CeSar Hotel is a Loews hotel located in St. Pete Beach Florida in the United States. Developed by Thomas Rowe and opened in 1928 it gained renown as the Gulf playground for America's pampered rich at the height of the Jazz Age and it still serves as a popular retreat for the rich and famous of today. The hotel was designed by Henry H. Dupont. Loews Don CeSar Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Montgomery Ward Warehouse and Retail Store is a historic warehouse and retail building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a mammoth 8-story (plus penthouse) concrete structure and is roughly shaped like a squared-off number 4. The front features a penthouse tower at the main entrance bay with a balcony and capped by a flagpole.
 The Faros del Panamá is a skyscraper complex currently cancelled in Panama City Panama. The complex designed by Chapman Taylor includes Torre Central (Central Tower) an 84 floor building with a planned height of 346 metres (1135 feet). Like its name states Torre Central is in the middle of Faros de Panamá's three tower complex. Torre Central will be the tallest of the three rising from a common podium with the other two towers.
 St John the Baptist's Church is a parish church in Marley Road Harrietsham Kent dedicated to John the Baptist. It was begun in the late 11th century or in the 12th century and works continued to the 15th century. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 Simpson United Methodist Church is a historic church at High and Jefferson Streets in Perth Amboy Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Grand Hotel at 1232-1238 Broadway at the corner of West 31st Street in the NoMad neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1868 and was designed by Henry Engelbert in the Second Empire style. Englebert designed the hotel for Elias S.
 The John Thompson House is a historic house near Richboro in Northampton Township Bucks County Pennsylvania United States. It was built in 1740 and was owned by John Thompson a local American Revolutionary War veteran. Despite also being known as the Hip Roof House the house has an elongated-gambrel roof instead of a hip roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 16 1973.
 The Biltmore School of Forestry was the first school of forestry in North America. The school of practical forestry was founded by Carl A. Schenck in 1898 on George W. Vanderbilt's Biltmore Estate near Asheville North Carolina.
 St. Leo's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was built in 1880-81 of brick with stone trim and combines Italianate Romanesque and Classical elements. It features a high entrance porch a turret with conical roof on the north wall a square bell tower at the northeast corner a large rose window in the main façade and a variety of decorative brickwork.
 Palacete de Belomonte is a historic palace in Porto Portugal.
 Capital Market Authority Headquarters is a skyscraper under construction in Riyadh Saudi Arabia.
 Conant Thread—Coats & Clark Mill Complex District is a historic district roughly bounded by Lonsdale Avenue Pine Conant Carpenter and Rand Streets in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Roman Catholic parish church St. George's Church (French: Église Saint-Georges) is the most important religious building of the city of Haguenau in Alsace France.
 The Building at 8—22 Graves Avenue is a historic rowhouse at 8-22 Graves Avenue just outside the downtown area of Northampton Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style brick rowhouse was built in 1887 for Doctor Silas R. Cooley. The property is unusual because brick was not then a common building material for housing in the Connecticut River valley and because the rowhouse style of construction was also rare in the area.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Elm Ridge Plantation also known as the Hatch House and Holbrook House is a historic plantation and plantation house in rural Hale County near Greensboro Alabama. The one-story raised cottage-style house was built about 1836.
 The Windsor Arms Apartments is an historic five-storey 42-unit apartment building located at 150 Argyle Avenue in Ottawa Ontario.
 Faith Lutheran Church formerly known as Salem Lutheran Church is a historic church at 199 Granite Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The church was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Schuster Building is a mixed-use structure at the intersection of Bardstown Road and Eastern Parkway in the Highlands area of Louisville Kentucky.
 Great Overland Station listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Union Pacific Railroad Passenger Depot is a museum and former railroad station in Topeka Kansas. The station was built from 1925 to 27 and designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood whose firm designed over 20 Union Pacific Railroad stations from 1924 to 1931. The station's Free Classical Revival design uses terra cotta extensively and features a center pavilion with two increasingly smaller pavilions on either side.
 The Illini Union located at 1401 West Green Street in Urbana Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is the student union for the University.The building was dedicated on November 1 1941 as the campus' home for student organizations meetings and student programs and activities replacing University Hall.
 The William Luelleman House (also known as the Gerhard Hehemann House) is a historic house in downtown New Bremen Ohio United States. Designed by an unknown architect and built in 1837 it is the oldest structure in the village and it has been ranked as a leading example of German architecture on the American frontier.
 Northgate Mall also called Northgate is an enclosed shopping mall in the Chattanooga Tennessee suburb of Hixson. Opened on March 15 1972 it was the second mall built in Chattanooga.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at Washington and Broadway in Glasgow Kentucky.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Charleston County Courthouse (1790–92) is a Neoclassical building in Charleston South Carolina designed by Irish architect James Hoban.
 The Geyserville Union School on Main St. in Geyserville California was built in 1921. It was a work of Henry C. Smith. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The David Hunt Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 26 Louise Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The well-preserved Queen Anne Victorian was built c. 1900; it has bands of decorative wood shingling between the floors Tuscan columns supporting its porches and a rounded front bay.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Playhouse Square in the Cleveland Theater District in downtown Cleveland Ohio is the second largest theater complex in the United States. (Only Lincoln Center in New York City is larger.) Constructed in a span of 19 months in the early 1920s the theaters were subsequently closed down but were revived through a grassroots effort.
 Elgsnes Chapel (Norwegian: Elgsnes kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Elgsnes. The church is part of the Trondenes parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The chapel is sometimes known as Hans Egedes minne referring to the famous missionary to Greenland from this part of Harstad in the 1600s. The wooden chapel was built in 1985 and it seats about 100 people.
 PNC Center is a high-rise located in downtown Fort Lauderdale Florida. The building opened in 1991 as First Union Center and later renamed Wachovia Center after Wachovia became the building's largest tenant.
 Okayama Castle (岡山城 Okayama-jō) is a Japanese castle in the city of Okayama in Okayama Prefecture in Japan. The main tower was completed in 1597 destroyed in 1945 and replicated in concrete in 1966.
 Tunnicliff-Jordan House is a historic home located at Richfield Springs in Otsego County New York. The house consists of three blocks. The main block was built between 1810 and 1835 and is a 2-story four-bay square plan building with a hipped roof. A 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed frame ell dated between 1830 and 1850 extends from the rear. A narrow single-story lean-to originally added to the ell about 1850 was remodeled for residential use about 1939.
 Longue Vue Island is an island located in the Thousand Islands region on the Saint Lawrence River. The island is on the American side of the river right next to the Seaway Channel in Northern New York. It is a part of the Town of Alexandria in Jefferson County. It is also specially known as it is the only artificial island in the entire region. The original owner of the house was a Mr. Hudson Rose a New York City lumber dealer. The island was originally named Rossette after Mr. Rose.
 This article is about the building at 205 Albion Avenue; for the building at 222 East Blue Earth Avenue see First Church of Christ Scientist (Fairmont Minnesota)The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 205 Albion Avenue (between Tilden and Forest streets) is an historic Christian Science church building in Fairmont Minnesota which was designed in the Colonial Revival style by noted Chicago architect Charles Draper Faulknerwho was renowned for the churches and other buildings that he designed in the United States and Japan. 
 Menara MBPJ or MBPJ Tower (formerly Menara MPPJ or MPPJ Tower) is a major landmark in Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia. It houses several commercial facilities and is one of the earliest skyscrapers in the city. It is located in Petaling Jaya New Town (Section 52). The building was officially opened on October 1987 by Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah of Selangor.
 Staffordshire County Museum is housed in the Servants' Quarters of Shugborough Hall Milford near Stafford Staffordshire England. The museum features a restored Victorian kitchen laundry and brewhouse as well as permanent galleries and temporary exhibitions.
 The Athenian Treasury (Greek: Θησαυρός των Αθηναίων) at Delphi was constructed by the Athenians to house dedications made by their city and citizens to the sanctuary of Apollo. The entire treasury including its sculptural decoration is built of Parian marble; its date of construction is disputed scholarly opinion ranging from 510 to 480 BCE.
 SM Chengdu is a shopping mall in Chengdu Sichuan province China as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings under the management of Henry Sy a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon.
 This article is about the former Isle of Man Prison located in Douglas. For the new Isle of Man Prison in Jurby see Isle of Man PrisonVictoria Road Prison is a former prison that was located on Victoria Road in Douglas capital of the Isle of Man. Victoria Road Prison was the first purpose-built prison to be constructed on the Isle of Man and held prisoners from April 1891 to August 2008.
 Bank of America Plaza formerly Security Pacific Plaza is a 55-story 224.03 m (735.0 ft) class-A office skyscraper lonn Bunker Hill Los Angeles California. It was completed in 1974 with the headquarters of Security Pacific National Bank Capital Group Companies and Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton as its main tenants. The tower is the fifth tallest building in Los Angeles and the 83rd-tallest building in the United States.
 The Wulai Atayal Museum (Chinese: 烏来泰雅民族博物館; pinyin: Wūlái Tàiyǎ Mínzú Bówùguǎn) is a museum about local aboriginal culture in Wulai District New Taipei Taiwan.
 HMP Maghaberry was built on the site of a World War II airfield near Lisburn Northern Ireland that was used as a transit base for the United States Army Air Forces.At the end of the war the base was run down and various government agencies used parts of the old airfield until the Northern Ireland Office purchased the ground in 1974 and began work on the prison in 1976.Mourne House which held all female prisoners young offenders and remands was the first part of the new prison to be opened in March 1986. 
 The Dell is a house in Grays built in concrete - one of the earliest houses in Britain to be built in this material. It was built on the instructions of Alfred Russel Wallace who lived in Grays from 1872 until 1876.
 The Mill at Anselma (a.k.a. Lightfoot Mill) is an archetypal small 18th century custom grain mill in Chester Springs Pennsylvania. It is probably the only surviving one in the United States with an intact colonial-era power transmission system. A custom grain mill typically ground cornmeal and flour only for local farmers not for commercial distribution.
 Xá:ytem /ˈhaɪtəm/ or /ˈhɑː.ɪtəm/ is an indigenous archaeological site and the name of a related museum run under the auspices of the Sto:lo people at Hatzic British Columbia Canada. Xá:ytem is approximately 80 kilometres east of Vancouver on Highway 7. It is reached via the bridge at Mission about 15 kilometres from the border with the US state of Washington. When its ancient age was learned in the late 20th century the site was designated in 1992 as a national historic site of Canada.
 Herring-Cole Hall is a historic institutional building located at St. Lawrence University in Canton St. Lawrence County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story structure built of Potsdam sandstone. It was built in two stages and its T-shaped plan is due to the attachment of the Cole Reading Room (1902) at a right angle to the Herring Library (1869). It is located within the St.
 The Whoop-Up Trail extending from Fort Benton Montana to Fort Hamilton Alberta (also known as Fort Whoop-Up) was a smuggling route between Montana and a relatively lawless region of Alberta in the 1870s. Trade goods such as guns metal implements and most notoriously alcohol were shipped north to trade with the Blackfeet around Lethbridge Alberta for buffalo robes.
 The Tabernacle-Fireman's Field is a historic meeting site and picnic grounds located at Purcellville Loudoun County Virginia. The property includes the Bush Meeting Taberbacle. It is an eight-sided frame building measuring approximately 80 feet by 160 feet. It was originally built to house the Bush Meetings that were conducted by the Prohibition and Evangelical Association of Loudoun County Virginia. The 8500 square foot building could accommodate 3000 seats.
 Tokyo Metropolitan Art Space (東京芸術劇場 Tōkyō Geijutsu Gekijō) is a centre for the performing arts located in Ikebukuro Toshima Tokyo Japan. It opened in 1990 and is operated by Tokyo Metropolitan Foundation for History and Culture. There is a concert hall with 1999 seats and a theatre with 841 seats as well as a number of smaller spaces. Yoshinobu Ashihara was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 Fountain Studios is an independently owned television studio located in Wembley north-west London close to Wembley Park underground station.A number of companies owned the site before it was purchased by Fountain in 1993. Originally a film studio complex it was formerly the base for the ITV contractors Rediffusion (1955–68) and London Weekend Television (1968-72).As of 2013 the studios are best known for being the venue for the live stages of ITV shows The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.
 The James K. Polk State Office Building is a 24-story 392-foot (119 m) building in Nashville Tennessee. Completed in 1981 the building was constructed on the site of the Andrew Jackson Hotel and is home to offices for state employees the Tennessee State Museum and the Tennessee Performing Arts Center.
 H.F. Miller & Son Tin Box and Can Manufacturing Plant or the American Can Company Miller Factory is a historic can manufacturing plant located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was erected in three stages between 1890 and about 1910. It is a four-story brick manufacturing plant. The exterior features decorative brickwork multiple window forms and substantial construction typical of the period.
 The Pensacola Hospital (also known as the Old Sacred Heart Hospital) is a historic hospital in Pensacola Florida United States. It is located at 1010 North 12th Avenue. On February 16 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Masonic Temple in Kansas City Missouri USA was a building from 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The building was in disrepair by 1999 when it was demolished. Ivanhoe Lodge No. 446 now meets in another building.
 The Gibran Museum formerly the Monastery of Mar Sarkis is a biographical museum in Bsharri Lebanon 120 kilometres from Beirut. It is dedicated to the Lebanese artist writer and philosopher Khalil Gibran.Founded in 1935 the Gibran Museum possesses 440 original paintings and drawings of Gibran and his tomb.
 Osawatomie State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital established in 1855. It has been named Kansas Insane Asylum and the State Insance Asylum but was officially changed to its present name in 1901.
 Cedar Grove is a historic plantation home located near Edgefield Edgefield County South Carolina. It was built about 1790 and is a large two-story Federal style house with a white clapboard exterior and high gable roof. It features a double-tiered portico with delicate Adamesque detail. The property features a landscape of tall cedars brought from Prussia as well as old English boxwoods and traces of an original rose garden like at John Blocker's grandfather’s home the Blocker House.
 Box Hill Central Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre complex (made up of two separate centres) located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Box Hill in Victoria Australia. It is approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of Melbourne's central business district and both shopping centres are centrally located within the Box Hill shopping precinct and Whitehorse City Council's Principal Activity Centre.
 Edgewater Borough Hall is located in Edgewater Bergen County New Jersey United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 16 2008. The building was constructed in 1904. The building is currently undergoing a renovation.
 The Grand synagogue of Aden (Arabic: كنيس عدن الكبير‎ Al-Milama’l-kabira) also known as Shield of Avraham Synagogue or Magen Avraham was built in 1858. It was large enough to house over 2000 worshipers. The pulpit was made of marble – pure white and polished with 7 marble steps leading up to it. The floor was made of marble sections patterned black and white as on a chess board.
 Hauz Khas Complex (Hindi: हौज़ ख़ास Punjabi: ਹੌਜ਼ ਖ਼ਾਸ Urdu: حوض خاص‎) in Hauz Khas South Delhi houses a water tank an Islamic seminary a mosque a tomb and pavilions built around an urbanized village with medieval history traced to the 13th century of Delhi Sultanate reign.
 Leonis Adobe built in 1844 is one of the oldest surviving private residences in Los Angeles County and one of the oldest surviving buildings in the San Fernando Valley. Located in what is now Calabasas California the adobe was occupied by the wealthy rancher Miguel Leonis until his death in 1889.
 St Mary's Church Bungay is a redundant Anglican church in the town of Bungay Suffolk England. The church and the ruins of the adjacent priory are designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and are under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the centre of the town on St Mary's Street the A144 road.
 The Roberts Octagon Barn built in 1883 is an historic octagonal barn located on CR W62 near Sharon Center Johnson County Iowa. On June 30 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 206 W. Maple Street in Mount Pleasant Michigan. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The Valley City Municipal Auditorium in Valley City North Dakota was built in 1936. It includes Modern Movement architecture Stripped Classicism and other architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It was deemed significant for its architecture but primarily for its historic role in the community. The building has enabled the city to be host since 1938 of the North Dakota Winter Show and it has hosted many events.
 Congregation Bnai Israel Synagogue is located on Wagner Avenue in Fleischmanns New York United States. It is a wooden building dating to the 1920s built two years after local farmers founded the congregation.Originally an Orthodox synagogue it has since become Conservative. It is the only synagogue in the Catskills with an exposed truss roof.
 Thornhill Mayne Memorial also known as Allahabad Public Library is a public library situated at Alfred Park in Allahabad. Designed by Richard Roskell Bayne and completed in 1870 it is a remarkable example of Scottish Baronial architecture. It was funded by Commissioner of Allahabad Mr. Mayne and was opened as a memorial to Cuthbert Bensley Thornhill. The monument has served as the house of legislative assembly in British era when Allahabad was the capital of United Provinces.
 Château de Chantérac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Dolphin Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Poole Dorset England formerly known at the Arndale Centre.
 The Eggerss-O'Flyng Building is located at 801 South 15th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 and named an Omaha Landmark on March 17 1992.
 The Staatstheater Darmstadt (Darmstadt State Theatre) is a theatre company and building in Darmstadt Hesse Germany presenting opera ballet plays and concerts. It is funded by the state of Hesse and the city of Darmstadt. Its history began in 1711 with a court theatre building. From 1919 it was run as Landestheater Darmstadt. The present theatre was opened in 1972 when the company was named Staatstheater.
 Hubbs House is at 4th & Golconda Streets in Kingman Arizona. The home was built in 1893 and is of the Queen Anne style. Harvey Hubbs most likely designed the home John Mulligan & William Aitken were the contractors. Early adobe construction the home had adobe with clapboard siding. House consider upper class on the south side of Kingman. Harvey Hubbs and his family are an important Kingman family.
 Hilton New Orleans/St. Charles Avenue located at 333 St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 20-story 246 feet (75 m)-tall skyscraper. The hotel is part of the Hilton Hotels chain. The building was originally the Masonic Temple but was sold in 1992 and redeveloped as Hotel Monaco until Hurricane Katrina. Hotel Monaco did not reopen after Katrina in the hotel reopened in 2007 as a Hilton.
 The site of Castell Arnallt  sometimes known as Castle Arnold is located near the village of Llanover in the Usk valley of Monmouthshire Wales some 4 miles (6.4 km) south east of Abergavenny. It was the fortified court house or llys of Seisyll ap Dyfnwal lord of Over Gwent or Gwent Uwchcoed before it was destroyed after Seisyll and some of his household were killed at Abergavenny Castle by William de Braose in 1175. The land is now in agricultural use with no remains visible.
 The Cheyenne County Courthouse in Cheyenne Wells Colorado was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1989.
 Sequoyah's Cabin was the home during 1829-1844 of the Cherokee Indian Sequoyah (also known as George Gist) who created a written language for the Cherokee Nation. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.It is located on State Highway 101 7 miles (11 km) east of U.S. Highway 59 in Sallisaw Oklahoma.The house is maintained by the Oklahoma Historical Society as a historic house museum and is furnished to appear as it might have when Sequoyah lived there.
 Metropolitan Hospital Center (MHC also referred to as Metropolitan Hospital) is a hospital in East Harlem New York City. It has been affiliated with New York Medical College since it was founded in 1875 representing the oldest partnership between a hospital and a private medical school in the United States.MHC is part of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) the largest municipal hospital and healthcare system in the country.
 The Knights of Pythias Lodge Hall also known as Pythian Castle in Weiser Idaho is a building built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.The Pythian Castle was originally owned and commissioned by The Order of Knights of Pythias- an international non-sectarian fraternal order established in 1864. The building was designed by Boise Idaho Architectural firm Tourtellotte & Hummel Company.
 The Cape Henry Lighthouse has long been important for the large amount of ocean-going shipping traffic for the harbors its rivers and shipping headed to ports on the Chesapeake Bay. The original lighthouse was the first lighthouse authorized by the U.S. government dating from 1792. It was also the first federal construction project under the Constitution for an original contract amount of $15200 (an additional $2500 was required to finish the lighthouse).
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belleville located in Belleville Illinois.The cathedral parish of Saint Peter was founded in 1842 at a location east of the present structure and named after Saint Barnabas the Apostle; it was rededicated to Saint Peter in 1847. By 1863 the need was recognized for a larger structure.
 Nuneaton Priory was a medieval monastic house in Warwickshire England. Part of the former conventual church is now in use as a parish church.
 The Keef-Filley Building at 214 S. Main in Victoria Texas was built in 1909. It was a work of building contractor firm Bailey Mills. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Merchandise Mart (or the Merch Mart or the Mart) is a commercial building located in the Near North Side of Chicago Illinois United States. When it opened in 1930 it was the largest building in the world with 4000000 square feet (372000 m2) of floor space. Built by Marshall Field & Co.
 St. Adelbert's Church is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 429 West 47th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established as the Belgian national parish and is now closed.
 The William Henry Seward Memorial is located along Main Street (NY 17A/94) in downtown Florida New York.
 St. Paul's Church and Rectory is an historic church at 279 Congress Street in Portland Maine.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The James Mpanza House is a simple house in Orlando near Johannesburg. James Mpanza was a champion for the rights of black South Africans to have homes. His house was where he and his family lived and it was also a place of public meetings and informal courts.
 Croft-Y-Bwla is a country house and farm 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north-west of Monmouth south-east Wales. The house was built around 1830 and was designed by the noted Monmouth architect George Vaughan Maddox. It has been listed as Grade II since 1974. Part of the estate is now in the process of being developed for housing under the name Parc Glyndwr.
 Xinhua Hospital (simplified Chinese: 新华医院; traditional Chinese: 新華醫院; pinyin: Xīnhuá Yīyuàn) is a general hospital in Shanghai China with the rank of Grade 3 Class A(Chinese: 三级甲等). The hospital was established in 1958. It is a university hospital affiliated to School of Medicine Shanghai Jiao Tong University. Xinhua Hospital is famous for its pediatrics. Shanghai Institute for Pediatric Research is standing in it. Pediatrics is also a national key discipline.
 The Bella Sky Comwell Hotel is a 4-star conference hotel adjacent to the Bella Convention and Congress Center in the Ørestad district of Copenhagen Denmark. With 814 rooms it is the largest hotel in Scandinavia.
 Burntside Lodge is a resort located on Burntside Lake several miles out of Ely Minnesota United States. The resort has been in operation for nearly one hundred years.
 The multi award winning Corinium Museum in the Cotswold town of Cirencester in England has a large collection of objects found in and around the locality.
 The Flat Iron Building in Chicago Heights Illinois was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It was torn down in 2009.
 The Poster Museum at Wilanów (Polish: Muzeum Plakatu w Wilanowie) is the world's oldest poster museum. Founded in 1968 the museum is housed at the Wilanów Palace complex in Warsaw Poland.
 The National Gallery in Prague (Czech: Národní galerie v Praze) is a state-owned art gallery in Prague which manages the largest collection of art in the Czech Republic. The collections of the gallery are not housed in a single building but are presented in a number of historic structures within the city of Prague as well as other places. The largest of the gallery sites is the Veletržní Palác which houses the National Gallery's collection of modern art.
 Hylton Castle (/ˈhɪltən/ HIL-tən) is a ruined stone castle in the North Hylton area of Sunderland Tyne and Wear England. Originally built from wood by the Hilton (later Hylton) family shortly after the Norman Conquest in 1066 it was later rebuilt in stone in the late 14th to early 15th century. The castle underwent major changes to its interior and exterior in the 18th century and it remained the principal seat of the Hylton family until the death of the last baron in 1746.
 Benson Building also known as the IPC Building is a historic retail and office located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is on the corner of East Franklin and North Charles Streets. The main side is on Charles Street and has seven bays with store windows and entrances on the first floor and office windows on the upper floors. The recessed storefronts feature bronzed aluminum infill panels above and below the glass panes.
 The Church of St. Catherine of Genoa is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 506 West 153rd Street between Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue Hamilton Heights Manhattan New York City.
 Geghardavank or Krtsanis Tsiranavor Surp Astvatsatsin (Armenian: Գեղարդավանք – Կռծանիսի Ծիրանավոր Սուրբ Աստվածածին; Russian: Гехардаванк – Крцанис Циранавор Св. Богородицы) is a 13th-century Armenian church in Old Tbilisi Georgia. It was founded in the 13th century. Currently it is not functioning as a church.
 Skycourts Towers is a project by National Bonds Corporation PJSC located within the Dubailand Residence Complex in Dubai. The AED 1.6 billion Skycourts development offers 2836 apartments across 6 towers.
 St. Matthew's Anglican Church is an Anglican church in the Glebe neighbourhood of Ottawa Canada. Founded in 1898 to serve the growing areait is the third oldest Anglican parish in central Ottawa after St. Alban's and St. Bartholomew's.
 The Socastee Historic District located on the Intracoastal Waterway in Socastee South Carolina was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.It includes three contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing structure. They are a metal swing bridge two houses one store and a pecan grove. It is one of the few remaining intact local examples of post-Civil War development.
 Bog Standard Gallery was previously a portable toilet cubicle and is believed to be one of the smallest art galleries in the world.The gallery complete with white walls and an oak floor the piece of installation art mimicking a traditional gallery space was created and curated by UK-based artist Melanie Boda (née Warner) in 2007.Measuring just over one metre squared the piece was created as part of Melanie Boda's degree course in Interactive Arts at Manchester Metropolitan University gaining her first class honours.Bog Standard Gallery was created to house photographs from Melanie Boda's 'Bog Standard Signs' series a collection of photographs of toilet signs from around the world.[citation needed] The collection spans thousands of images of the symbols used to depict 'male' and 'female' on toilet doors from around the globe. 
 Śrem Transmitter (RTCN Śrem) Is a 290 metre tall guyed steel mast built in 1964 for the broadcasting of signal radio and television signals. It was built as a weighed 220 tonne mast by Mostostal Zabrze. The official opening was on 21 July 1964. The mast is situated in the village Góra in Śrem County Poland. Due to its advantageous location height and signal strength its signal covers a considerably large part of the Greater Poland Voivodeship.
 Casa Fernando Luis Toro (English: Fernando Luis Toro Home) is a historic house in Ponce Puerto Rico. The house is unique in that it is located in the first upper-class suburban development ever built in Puerto Rico. Today La Alhambra has been designed part of Ponce's historic district. The house dates to 1927 and was designed by the famed Puerto Rican architect Francisco Porrata Doria. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places since March 5 1986 as Fernando Luis Toro Casa.
 Dorchester-Milton Lower Mills Industrial District is an historic district on both sides of the Neponset River in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts and the Town of Milton Massachusetts. Dorchester is Boston's largest and most populous community and the largest neighborhood in the city of Boston (which is part of Suffolk County Massachusetts) with Lower Mills being a sub-neighborhood within Dorchester and also a neighborhood in Milton.
 Cloud Nine is a 58-floor 238 metre (781 foot) tall skyscraper with a shopping mall at its base completed in 2006 located in western Shanghai China.
 Maybury Hill located at 346 Snowden Lane in Princeton Mercer County New Jersey United States is the boyhood home of Joseph Hewes. He later moved to North Carolina and was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence for that state. This is the only remaining building with a connection to Hewes.[citation needed]
 All Saints Church is the parish church for Leamington Spa town centre England.
 Prince Kūhiō Plaza is a single-level regional shopping center in Hilo Hawaii. It is the largest enclosed mall on the Island of Hawaii.The Plaza consists of a central mall building and a number of outlying buildings. The main building has four anchor tenant spaces. These are occupied by Sears Macy's and Sports Authority.
 Gujō Hachiman Castle (郡上八幡城 Gujō Hachiman-jō) is a yamashiro or mountain castle located on Hachiman Mountain in Gujō Gifu Prefecture Japan.
 The Dallin House at 253 S. 300 East in Springville Utah was built in c. 1905. It is significant for its association with sculptor Cyrus Dallin Cyrus E. Dallin (1861-1944).The house has also been known as the Thomas and Jane Dallin House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Boyle/Hudspeth-Benson House is located in the Millington section of Long Hill Township Morris County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 1975.
 The Church of Saint Gemma Galgani (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa Gema Galgani) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Flor de Maroñas Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 15 May 1965. Held by the Passionists the temple is dedicated to saint Gemma Galgani a former lay member of the Order.The temple also hosts concerts by the Montevideo Symphony Orchestra.
 Cookes House also known as Tom Paine's House is a historic home located at York Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1761 and is a two-story Germanic and Provincial Georgian influenced stone dwelling. About 1800 it was converted to a double house. It is the third oldest building in York after the Gen. Horatio Gates House and Golden Plough Tavern.
 The Alleghany County Courthouse in Sparta North Carolina was built in 1933. It was designed in Classical Revival style by Harry Barton.
 The Le Roy House and Union Free School are located on East Main Street (New York State Route 5) in Le Roy New York United States. The house is a stucco-faced stone building in the Greek Revival architectural style. It was originally a land office expanded in two stages during the 19th century by its builder Jacob Le Roy an early settler for whom the village is named.
 Government Institute of Rehablitation Medicine is a state-owned hospital situated in K. K. Nagar in Chennai India. Founded in 1979 the hospital is funded and managed by the state government of Tamil Nadu and is attached to Directorate of Medical Education. It is the only government-run centre that makes prosthetic limbs.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral Sacred Heart School and Christian Brothers in Duluth Minnesota is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was first listed as Sacred Heart Cathedral and Cathedral School in 1986 and its boundaries were increased and it was renamed in 2005.The building belonged to the first Roman Catholic parish in Duluth founded by Rev. John Chebul. The parish was founded in 1870 and originally occupied a small wooden building but it burned down in 1892.
 International Plaza and Bay Street is a large upscale shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa Florida. The mall which opened in 2001 was built to give travelers an option to shop and dine in high-class surroundings while at the same time be able to stay near Tampa International Airport (which borders the property). In 2006 the Renaissance Hotel Tampa/International Plaza was opened on the premises making International Plaza one of a handful of malls in the U.S.
 Daventry Priory was a priory in Northamptonshire England.
 Jefferson Hall was an apartment building located at 1404 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 but subsequently demolished.
 St Mary's Church is the Grade I listed Anglican parish church of West Chiltington a village in the Horsham district of West Sussex England. The 12th-century building described as a showpiece and the most attractive part of the Wealden village retains many features of historical and architectural interest.
 American Cigar Company are two historic cigar factory buildings located at Norfolk Virginia. The buildings were built about 1903 and consist of a stemmery and the boiler room. Albert F. Huntt is credited as the architect. The American Cigar Co. was created in 1901 as a subsidiary of the American Tobacco Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.The stemmery is a four-story rectangular brick building on a concrete foundation.
 The Backus-Page House Museum is a living history museum located in the heart of the Talbot Settlement in Wallacetown Ontario Canada. The Georgian style house has been restored as closely as possible to its state in 1850. The museum is maintained and run by the Tyrconnell Heritage Society which is a local independent organization that is dedicated to restoration and preservation of Backus-Page House and surrounding estate.
 Bristol Royal Hospital for Children also known as the Bristol Children's Hospital is a dedicated paediatric hospital in Bristol in the south west of England. The Bristol Children's Hospital is part of the University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust (UHBristol) which includes seven hospitals within Bristol.
 The Smith Museum of Stained Glass Windows is a permanent exhibition which opened in February 2000 at Chicago’s Navy Pier entertainment complex. It is the first American museum dedicated solely to the art of stained glass windows.Named after prominent Chicago collectors E.B. and Maureen Smith the museum holds over 150 individual pieces displayed in four galleries: Victorian Prairie Modern and Contemporary.
 Not to be confused with the 1921 Cunard Building (New York City)The Cunard Building is a Grade II* listed building located in Liverpool England. It is sited at the Pier Head and along with the neighbouring Liver Building and Port of Liverpool Building is one of Liverpool's Three Graces which line the city's waterfront.
 St Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church located in the heart of Bournemouth Dorset England. It is a Grade I listed building and was completed in 1879 to a design by G.E. Street as the founding mother church of Bournemouth. The building incorporates work by some of the finest Gothic Revival architects and artists including Street George Frederick Bodley Ninian Comper Arthur Blomfield and Edward Burne-Jones with stained glass and frescoes by Clayton and Bell.
 Winterport Congregational Church is a historic church on Alt. U.S. 1 in Winterport Maine.It was built in 1831 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Holy Cross Church Kaunas (Lithuanian: Šv. Kryžiaus (Karmelitų) bažnyčia) is located in the Centre elderate of Kaunas Lithuania. The monks of the Order of Carmelites bought several plots of land for the monastery in Kaunas near the Nemunas river in 1706. Some years earlier the new church was sanctified nearby in 1685. It was consecrated in 1700. The church was built in the late baroque style. It is a two tower building of Latin cross shape.
 The Temple of All Religions (Russian: Храм всех религий) or the Universal Temple (Russian: Вселенский храм) is an architectural complex in the Staroye Arakchino Microdistrict of Kazan Russia. It consists of several types of religious architecture including an Orthodox church a mosque and a synagogue among others. It is currently under construction having been started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov.
 The Japanese Occupation Site on Kiska island (along with Attu Island) in the Rat Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska is where the Japanese Navy attacked and occupied United States territory during World War II. The Japanese invaded in June 1942 after the Battle of Dutch Harbor killing two Navy weathermen and capturing eight. They fortified their position during the Japanese occupation of Kiska but after Attu was recaptured they secretly departed in June 1943 with no losses.
 The Tahoma Vista Comfort Station was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style and built in Mount Rainier National Park by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1931. The design was supervised by Park Service Chief Architect Thomas Chalmers Vint and site selection and development were undertaken by Park Service landscape architect Ernest A. Davidson. The comfort station serves the Tahoma Vista Overlook also designed by Davidson.
 The Museum of Toys and Automata (in Catalan language Museu de Joguets i Autòmats) was a museum of toys and automata located in Verdú in central Catalonia Spain. It opened in 2004 and in 2013 it closed and the building was converted to an art gallery.The museum was founded by local man Manel Mayoral who had built up an extensive collection of antique toys and novelties.
 Lynnwood is a historic house at 5 Linden Avenue in Wakefield Massachusetts. The well preserved Stick style house was built c. 1858; its features include deep eaves supported by arched brackets and 3.5 story tower topped by a hip roof with triangular dormer windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Some of the finest buildings in New Jersey New York and other large eastern cities were built by the Hedden Construction Company one of the largest construction companies operating in Newark in the very early 1900s. Among the most notable is the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower located at One Madison Avenue in New York NY. The tower was the world's tallest building from 1909 to 1913 and home to the Hedden Construction Company's main offices located on the 36th and 37th floors.
 St Mary the Virgin's Church Great Ouseburn is located in the village of Great Ouseburn North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ripon the archdeaconry of Richmond and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice has been united with those of four local parishes. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Otis Cary House is a historic house at 242 South Street in Foxboro Massachusetts.The house was built in 1837 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986. The Cary House is now home to Bright Start Child Care.
 Fort Rouillé or Fort Toronto was a French trading post located in Toronto Ontario Canada that was established around 1750 but abandoned in 1759. The fort site is now part of the public lands of Exhibition Place. The fort was built by missionary Father François Xavier Dufaux. It is also the name of a short street located approximately 1 km (0.62 mi) north of the fort site that is part of the Dufferin St. streetcar loop.It was one of three French fortifications in Toronto.
 St. Peter's Church Edgmond is located in the village of Edgmond Shropshire England. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Edgmond and Shifnal the archdeaconry of Salop and the diocese of Lichfield. Its benefice is united with those of St Chad Kynnersley and St Lawrence Preston upon the Weald Moors. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Marble House is a Gilded Age mansion in Newport Rhode Island now open to the public as a museum run by the Newport Preservation Society. It was designed by the society architect Richard Morris Hunt. For an American house it was unparalleled in design and opulence when it was built. Its temple-front portico which also serves as a porte-cochère has been compared to that of the White House.
 Olive Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Evangelische Friedens Gemneinde Lutheran Congregation) is a historic church at 309 S. Harrison Avenue in Kirkwood Missouri.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The German Diabetes Center Mergentheim (GDCM) is a large and modern treatment center for people with diabetes mellitus in Germany. The center includes the Diabetes-Clinic the Diabetes-Academy FIDAM the Diabetes-Medical Practice ConDiaZ and InsulinJA.
 The U.S. Post Office in Catskill New York was built as part of a public works program during the Great Depression. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It's one of 148 post offices in New York State covered in one thematic resources study performed by the New York State Office of Parks Recreation and Historic Services.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church is located in Port Washington Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 for its architectural and religious significance.
 Harkness Memorial State Park (230 acres) is a Connecticut state park and botanical garden located in Waterford Connecticut on the Long Island Sound. The park comprises a 42-room mansion designed by the New York architectural firm of Lord & Hewlett with a surrounding area containing Italian Oriental and Cutting gardens and greenhouses.
 The Hotel Mariador Palace is a hotel in Conakry Guinea. It is situated in the Quartier de Ratoma area of the city. The hotel was built in 1999 using investment from the Far East.It is the third of a chain started by Guinean entrepreneur Mohamed Lamine Sylla in 1987.
 Fushimi Castle (伏見城 Fushimi-jō) also known as Momoyama Castle (桃山城 Momoyama-jō) or Fushimi-Momoyama Castle is a castle in Kyoto's Fushimi Ward. The current structure is a 1964 replica of the original built by Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
 The Greek-Catholic Church in Traniș is a church in Traniş Romania built in 1912.
 St. Nicholas Cole Abbey is a church in the City of London located on what is now Queen Victoria Street. Recorded from the twelfth century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The church suffered substantial bomb damage from German bombs during the London Blitz in the Second World War and was reconstructed by Arthur Bailey in 1961-2.
 The Lake County Courthouse is also referred to as the Grand Old Lady. It is a combination of architectural styles including Romanesque and Georgian. It was designed in 1878 by J. C. Cochran of Chicago Illinois.Lake County was organized in 1837 and a small log structure was used as the courthouse. At the time the county was created three towns were vying to be the County Seat Lake Court House (the name for Crown Point) Liverpool and West Point.
 The Elite Tower is a skyscraper approved for construction in Ramat Gan Israel. At 265 metres upon completion the tower will be the tallest building in Israel while taking the title from its neighbour City Gate Tower. Originally slated to be constructed by Donald Trump as the Trump Plaza Tower the tower is now being constructed by the Azorim Group and is being constructed on the historic site of the Elite Candy Factory. The finished building will contain a museum as a tribute to this.
 Surp Khach Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Խաչ [suɾpʰ χɑtʃʰ] Russian: Церковь Святого Креста Holy Cross Church) is an 18th-century Armenian church in Nor Nakhichevan. It is the oldest surviving monument in the borders of Rostov-on-Don.
 Gray Memorial United Methodist Church and Parsonage is a historic church at 8 Prospect Street in Caribou Maine.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Cascadilla School Boathouse is a historic boathouse located on Cayuga Lake at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1894-1896 in the Shingle style. It was built by the Cascadilla School as a structure to store rowboats.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The Cascadilla Boat Club currently occupies the first floor of this historic structure.
 The Discovery Science Center formerly known as the Taco Bell Discovery Science Center is a science museum in Santa Ana California with more than 100 hands-on science exhibits designed to spark children's natural curiosity. It has become a visual landmark due to its ten-story solar array cube that stands over Interstate 5.
 The Lehman Orchard and Aqueduct were established by Absalom Lehman the discoverer of Lehman Caves in what would become Great Basin National Park in eastern Nevada. Lehman's orchard covered more than 7 acres (2.8 ha) with about 40 apricot pear peach crabapple plum and apple trees in the 1930s of more than 100 trees at its peak. Seven apricot trees and one peach tree remain.
 The Cathedral of St. John in the Wilderness in Denver Colorado is the seat of the bishop and the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Colorado and part of the Episcopal Church in the United States. Construction began in 1909 the first service held in the cathedral in 1911 and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 County Bridge No. 36 is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning Jacoby Creek at Portland Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1907 and is a small single arched bridge with a span measuring 28 feet. It features an incised keystone and a simply ornamented continuous concrete parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Shinnecock Hills Golf Club is a links-style golf club located in the town of Southampton on Long Island New York. It has hosted the U.S. Open four times in three different centuries and is scheduled to host again in 2018. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.It claims to be the oldest formal organized golf club in the United States (1891) to have the oldest golf clubhouse in the U.S. (1892) and the first to admit women which it did from the start.
 The McBride-Sims Garage at 600 N. State St. in Orem Utah is a brick building built in c.1920 in what is termed Early Commercial architecture. It has also been known as Big John's Country Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Soldotna Post Office is a former post office in Soldotna Alaska United States. The log cabin which served as the first post office for the town of Soldotna has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 17 2008.In 1947 Howard and Maxine Lee read about homesteading opportunities in Kenai Peninsula Borough Alaska in The Saturday Evening Post that granted land to those willing to improve and inhabit it.
 The New Haven Green is a 16-acre (65000 m2) privately owned park and recreation area located in the downtown district of the city of New Haven Connecticut. It comprises the central square of the nine-square settlement plan of the original Puritan colonists in New Haven and was designed and surveyed by colonist John Brockett. Today the Green is bordered by the modern paved roads of College Chapel Church and Elm streets.
 The Carnegie Library in Hickman Kentucky is a building from 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Church of the Holy Trinity is an Episcopal church on Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The first service in the church building designed by Scottish architect John Notman was held on March 27 1859. The corner tower was added in 1867 and was designed by George W. Hewitt of the firm of Fraser Furness & Hewitt. It is designed in the simpler low church style rather than the fancier high church or Anglo-Catholic style of Notman's nearby St.
 The Church of St Peter & St Paul in North Curry Somerset England is nicknamed ‘The Cathedral of the Moors’. It dates from the 14th century and has been designated a Grade I listed building.The church is Norman in origin with the lower stages of tower transepts and nave being built around 1300. In the 14th century the upper stage of the tower was added and in 1502 the chancel was rebuilt the porch added and the walls of clerestory raised.
 The Slat Abn Shaif Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת צלאת בן שאיף‎) in Zliten Libya is a historic synagogue and Lag Ba'omer pilgrimage site for Libyan Jews. It was built c. 1060.The synagogue remained intact until the 1980s when it was destroyed under the orders of Muammar Gaddafi and replaced with an apartment complex.
 Burgruine Steuerberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Old Denton is a historic home and farm complex located near The Plains Fauquier County Virginia. The property includes a two-story brick-masonry main dwelling (c. 1860) a secondary dwelling (c. 1820) a meat house (c. 1860) a stable (c. 1936) a tenant house (c. 1950) three early- 20th-century dry-laid stone walls and an early-20th-century pump.
 Shrewsbury Castle is a red sandstone castle in Shrewsbury Shropshire England. It stands on a hill in the neck of the meander of the River Severn on which the town originally developed. The castle is situated directly above Shrewsbury railway station.
 The Westin Westminster is a 13-storey 47.36 m (155.4 ft) hotel in Westminster Colorado owned by Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
 The Rose Memorial Auditorium (Rose Memorial or Rose) is large multi-purpose theater (auditorium) on the campus of Central Philippine University in Jaro Iloilo City. Rose is the largest auditorium in Iloilo City with a seating capacity of ~4000+ and has hosted over 100+ international and local concerts conventions and events. The present day structure was built in the 90s after the old one was burned down by fire.
 Potter's Tavern is located in Bridgeton Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1775 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1971.
 The Lena N. Gale Cabin in a development near Lake Tahoe at 726 Cedar St. in Zephyr Cove Nevada is a historic building built in 1940. Also known as Good Medicine Cabin it is an example of Rustic architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It was deemed significant for its architecture.
 Idora Park Merry-Go-Round is a wooden carousel that was built in 1899 for the Idora Park amusement park in Youngstown Ohio. It was designed by Daniel C. Muller a lead carver of the Philadelphia Toboggan Company who was also credited with its manufacture.
 Bates-Englehardt Mansion also known as St. Johnsville Community House is a historic home located at St. Johnsville in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1869 as a three story Italianate style mansion. It has a 35 feet by 40 feet main block with a two story kitchen wing in the rear. A brick solarium was added in 1916 and enlarged and converted to an auditorium in 1934. The original Italianate style flat roof with cupola was replaced in 1916 with a Georgian style roof.
 Immingham Augustinian Friary was a friary in Lincolnshire England.
 Curtis Paper Mill Workers' Houses is set of historic include single and two multi-family dwellings located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. They were built about 1888 and include two rectangular 2 1⁄2 story frame structures which served as multi-family worker's dwellings and one 2 1⁄2 story single family house which was used as the superintendents house. One building contains four family units while the next building to the north houses two family units.
 The ELS Bridge over Big Wind River is a pony truss bridge located near Dubois Wyoming which carries Fremont County Road CN10-21 across the Big Wind River. The bridge was built circa 1920. Its design is uncommon and merges a kingpost truss with an arched chord. The materials used to build the bridge are also unusual and were likely salvaged; for instance the arches are made from tunnel sets.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 22 1985.
 Legacy Meridian Park Medical Center formerly Legacy Meridian Park Hospital is an acute care hospital in Tualatin Oregon United States. Opened in 1973 it is operated by Legacy Health System. The facility is licensed for 150 beds but operates only 128. Located in Clackamas County along the boundary with Washington County it employs over 800 people and is Tualatin’s largest employer.
 Congregation Knesseth Israel is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in Ellington Connecticut.The congregation was founded in 1906 by a group of Jewish farmers.The synagogue building known as Knesseth Israel Synagogue was built in 1913 at the corner of Middle Rd. and Abbott Rd. in Ellington. It was built in the Colonial Revival Style partly with funds from the philanthropist Baron Maurice de Hirsch's Jewish Colonization Association.
 Deira City Centre (Arabic: ديرة سيتي سنتر‎) is located in Dubai United Arab Emirates and is the original flagship mall in the Majid Al Futtaim Properties portfolio. Deira City Centre opened on August 27 1995. Deira City Centre is connected to three hotels including City Centre Hotel and Residence managed by Pullman; Novotel Deira City Centre; and Ibis Deira City Centre.
 All Saints Church Ellough is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Ellough in the English county of Suffolk. The church is medieval in origin and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on the top of a low hill some 2.5 miles (4 km) to the south-east of Beccles.
 The All Saints Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Enterprise Florida United States. It is located at 155 Clark Street. On May 3 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Buttsū-ji (佛通寺) is a Buddhist temple head one of fourteen autonomous branches of the Rinzai school of Zen Buddhism founded in 1397 or 1399 by the lord of Mihara—Kobayakawa Haruhira; its first Abbot was Buttoku Daitsu Zenji. The temple is named after its honorary founder the Chinese master Buttsu Zenji. Located in Mihara Hiroshima Prefecture Japan the temple is head of the Buttsū-ji branch of Rinzai Zen governing forty-seven temples.
 The Old Gulf County Courthouse is an historic redbrick courthouse building located at 222 North 2nd Street in Wewahitchka Florida. It was built in 1927 in the Classical Revival style after Wewahitchka was designated the county seat of newly created Gulf County. In 1965 the county seat was moved to Port St. Joe and a new courthouse was built there. The old courthouse still functions as an auxiliary to the Port St.
 The Jacob C. Spores House was a house located between south of Coburg and north of Eugene Oregon formerly listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was removed from the register on August 1 2001. The classical revival house underwent an exceptional restoration in 1975 but a September 1996 fire destroyed most if not all of the historical value of the house.
 Glendale Bungalow was a country house near Bandarawela Sri Lanka. It is now part of the Bandarawela Central College.
 Cumberland Inn Museum is a museum in Williamsburg Kentucky operated by University of the Cumberlands. Besides the Henkelmann Life Science Collection it contains archives several stamp coin arrowhead and nutcracker collections. The Henkelmann Life Science Collection has hundreds of specimens ranging from the petite short-tailed Shrew to the gigantic Polar Bear procured by Henry and Mary Henkelmann on expeditions from Africa to the Arctic.
 Stonaker Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1916 and is a one story wood frame dwelling sided in shingles and covered by a shallow pitched asphalt roof with deep overhanging eaves. It features a large central octagonal cure porch flanked by two smaller hexagonal bays.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Abudwak Maternity and Children's Hospital (Somali: Isbitaalka Caabudwaaq ee Daryeelka Umulaha iyo Caruurta) is a diaspora initiated health services center in Abudwak Galgadud Region's largest city.
 Kiruna Church (Swedish: Kiruna kyrka) is a church in Kiruna Sweden. In 2001 the church was voted the most beautiful public building in Sweden by the Swedish people.
 Asahel Green Farm is a historic home located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival–style structure was built about 1855 and features the two-by-two-bay 1 1⁄2-story central block and single-story wing with porch and entrance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Sixth Street Railroad Bridge is a historic railroad bridge spanning the Ohio River at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia and extending into Washington County Ohio. It was built between 1869 and 1871 and when built the 7140 feet (2180 m) structure was the longest of its type in the world. It has 46 spans and used 50000 cubic yards (38000 m3) of stone for the 53 piers. The steel structure atop the piers was rebuilt between about 1914 and 1917 and one span was rebuilt in 1972.
 Harmon Cobblestone Farmhouse and Cobblestone Smokehouse is a historic home located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. The farmhouse was constructed in 1842 and is an example of vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. The house consists of a 2-story three-bay side-hall main block with a 1 1⁄2-story north wing and 1-story east wing. The exterior walls are built primarily of small red oval lake washed cobbles.
 333 Market Street is a class-A office skyscraper on Market Street between Fremont and Beale in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The 144 m (472 ft) 33-story tower was designed by Gin Wong Associates and completed in 1979.
 Westland Mall is an 860000-square-foot (80000 m2) shopping center located on the west side of Columbus Ohio at the western intersection of U.S. Route 40 and Interstate 270.As of November 2012 Westland Mall was reported as closed to all traffic pending redevelopment of the property.
 The Digman–Zidell House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house's second owner was Samuel J. Zidell a Polish immigrant who founded Zidell Machinery and Supply Company in Portland in 1916. Zidell acquired the property from Anton E. Digman its original owner in 1941.Well known Portland/San Francisco Interior Designer Dawn McKenna (ASID) acquired the property in 1965 and owned it until the mid 1980's.[citation needed]
 Nord-Vågsøy Church (Norwegian: Nord-Vågsøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Raudeberg on the northeastern coast of the island of Vågsøy. The church is part of the Vågsøy parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white concrete church was built in 1960 by the architect Ole Halvorsen. The church was consecrated on 24 October 1960 by the Bishop Ragnvald Indrebø.
 The Withers-Maguire House is a historic house museum in Ocoee Florida. It is located at 16 East Oakland Avenue. On April 2 1987 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The McClintock House at 83 W. Main St. Marianna Arkansas was built in 1912. It is a Classical Revival building designed by Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977.
 Rock Island Lines Passenger Station is an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It ceased operating as a railway station in 1980. The building was designated a Rock Island landmark in 1987 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is now a banquet facility called Abbey Station.
 Eastview Mall located in Victor New York ( Rochester New York) and managed by Mike Kauffman is an upscale indoor shopping center owned and operated by Wilmorite Management Group LLC.Eastview is located just off New York State Thruway Exit 45 on New York State Route 96. This 1300000-square-foot (120000 m2) shopping center has more than 180 stores including more than thirty that are unique to the Rochester-area market.
 Seitenkyū (聖天宮) (Chinese: Xien Ten Gong or Sheng Tian Gong) is a Taoist temple in Sakado Saitama Japan. It is the largest Taoist temple in Japan.
 The Goldcrest Views 1 is a 40-floor residential tower in Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 159 m (522 ft). Construction of The Goldcrest Views 1 was completed in 2007. Goldcrest Views was built by Murray & Roberts.
 101 Park Avenue was formerly known as the Skirvin Tower built in 1932 as a luxury apartment-hotel annex to the Skirvin Hotel.
 Prairie Mission also known as the Prairie Mission School and Prairie Institute was a historic African American school in the community of Prairie Alabama. The school is the only survivor of the six original Presbyterian mission schools that once operated in Wilcox County. It was placed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 22 1991 and subsequently on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 2001 due its significance to African American history.
 Forest Avenue School is an historic school on Concord Avenue in Brockton Massachusetts.The school originally located on Forest Avenue was built in 1875 and operated until 1963. The building was moved to the (then) new Brockton High School grounds on Concord Avenue in 1969. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It currently serves as the Little Red Schoolhouse Museum with exhibits of local history.
 Discovery Place is a science and technology museum for visitors of all ages located in the Uptown area of Charlotte North Carolina. Discovery Place brings science to life through hands-on interactive exhibits thrilling activities and experiments a larger-than-life IMAX Dome Theatre and boundless other educational opportunities and programs.
 William Gunnell House also known as Gunnell's Run is a historic home located in Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. It consists of a frame dwelling built in two stages and dated to about 1750 together with its compatible and unobtrusive 20th-century additions. The earliest section is a 1 1/2-story frame Colonial erw dwelling with irregular bays and three entrances. It was carefully restored and rehabilitated in the preservation manner of the Colonial Revival style after 1933.
 Jaslok Hospital and Research Centre was founded in the early 1970s by philanthropist Seth Lokoomal Chanrai.Dr. Shantilal J. Mehta the doyen of the medical profession in India was the one who translated Seth Lokoomal Chanrai's vision into reality. Jaslok Hospital is located at Dr. G. Deshmukh Marg. Peddar Road South Mumbai overlooking the Arabian Sea.The name Jaslok was derived from the names of Seth Lokoomal and his wife Smt. Jasotibai.
 The Embassy Theatre (formerly the Emboyd Theatre) is a 2471-seat performing arts theater in Fort Wayne Indiana USA. It was built in 1928 as a movie palace and today it is the home of the Fort Wayne Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Times Square (Chinese: 時代廣場) is a major shopping centre and office tower complex in Causeway Bay Hong Kong Island Hong Kong.The complex owned by Wharf Properties Limited part of The Wharf (Holdings) Limited group was opened in April 1994.
 Amzi Bradley Farmstead is a historic home located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a two-story cobblestone structure built in 1836 by Connecticut native Amzi Bradley in the Greek Revival style. It features irregularly shaped variously colored cobbles in its construction. It is one of approximately 47 cobblestone structures in Niagara County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Stevenson Dam Hydroelectric Plant is a hydroelectric power plant located on the Housatonic River at the boundary between the towns of Monroe and Oxford Connecticut. The plant was built in 1917 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The site includes three contributing structures: the Stevenson Dam the Stevenson Dam Bridge and the Stevenson Powerhouse.
 Glendower House (or Glyndŵr House) Glendower Street Monmouth Wales is a Victorian former Congregational chapel constructed in a Classical style. The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales describes it as a chapel of exceptional sophistication and elaboration of design and one of the earliest Italianate chapels in Wales. It is named after Prince Owain Glyndŵr.
 San Nicolò dei Mendicoli (Saint Nicholas of the Beggars) is a church in the sestiere or neighborhood of Dorsoduro in Venice. The islet where the original church was located previously housed poor fishermen hence the addition of mendicoli (beggars) to the name of San Nicolò. From then on the inhabitants were called Nicolotti. The present structure dates from about the 12th century with frequent reconstructions.
 Theodore Roosevelt Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Morton neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story 17 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a central projecting entrance pavilion of brick and stone with stone pilasters and a stone cornice and brick parapet.
 Located near Dresden Ontario Canada Uncle Tom's Cabin Historic Site is an open air museum and African American history centre that includes the home of Josiah Henson a former slave author abolitionist and minister who was the inspiration for Harriet Beecher Stowe's title character in her novel Uncle Tom's Cabin.
 Powelton Village is a neighborhood of mostly Victorian mostly twin homes in the West Philadelphia section of the United States city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is a national historic district which is part of University City. It extends north from Market Street to Spring Garden Street east to 32nd Street west to 40th and Spring Garden Streets and to 44th and Market Streets.
 Rufus and Flora Bates House is a historic home located in the South Hill neighborhood of Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It was built about 1828 and is a 1 1/2-story five bay center entrance frame dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It is sheathed in clapboard and has a three bay wing. It was the home of Rufus Bates one of the early presidents of the Village of Ithaca.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 St. Mary Magdalen Old Fish Street was a church in Castle Baynard ward of the City of London England located on the corner of Old Fish Street and Old Change on land now covered by post-War development. Recorded since the 12th century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London of 1666 then rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The rebuilt church suffered damage to its roof from a fire in an adjacent warehouse in 1886. It was not repaired and finally demolished in 1893.
 Beetham Tower Liverpool is a residential apartment building in the British city of Liverpool. Its close neighbour and the tallest building in Liverpool the West Tower was also developed by the Beetham Organization.It is named after the developers Beetham Organization was built by Carillion and was completed in early 2004. It is 90 metres (295 ft) tall and has 29 floors. The tower abuts the Radisson Blu Hotel Liverpool.
 The Ewing-Snell Ranch was established between 1896 and 1898 by Erastus Ewing in Carbon County Montana on Layout Creek between Bighorn Canyon and the Pryor Mountains in a region called Dryhead Country. Ewing took up ranching after failing as a gold miner. Erastus Ewing was born in Tennessee about 1846 arriving in Montana in the 1880s to look for gold. He staked numerous claims one of which controlled the water rights for Layout Creek.
 Evergreen also known as Evergreen Plantation Manor House is a historic plantation home located near Haymarket Prince William County Virginia. It was built about 1827 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay Greek Revival style stone dwelling. It has a 1 1/2-story east wing and two-story west wing in the Colonial Revival style added about 1940. It sits on an English basement and gable roof and interior end chimneys.
 Dhammayangyi Temple (Burmese: ဓမ္မရံကြီးပုထိုး IPA: [dəma̰jàɴdʑí pətʰó]) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan Myanmar. Largest of all the temples in Bagan the Dhammayan as it is popularly known was built during the reign of King Narathu (1167-1170).
 Artuklu Palace or Artukid Palace or Artuqid Palace (Turkish: Artuklu Sarayı) was the palace of Diyarbakır branch of the Turkish Beylik and dynasty of Artukids who ruled eastern Anatolia and Jazira in the 12th and 13th centuries and situated in the present-day İçkale neighborhood Diyarbakır urban zone within the compound of Diyarbakır City Walls.
 University Malaya Medical Center (UMMC) is a government-funded medical institution located in Pantai Dalam southwest corner of Kuala Lumpur. It was founded in 1962.UMMC is part of the University of Malaya. The University was created in Singapore in 1949 combining the two premier institutions of higher education in colonial Malaya and Singapore Raffles College and King Edward VII College of Medicine to serve the needs of the colony.
 Oak Hill Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Durham-Oak Hill Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church in Oak Hill Greene County New York. It was built about 1859 and is a one story roughly square shaped frame building of the traditional meetinghouse type. It features an engaged central tower and Greek Revival style features.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 St Aloysius Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in the Garnethill area of Glasgow in Scotland. It is the only church in Glasgow to be run by the Society of Jesus. It is situated on the corner of Hill Street and Rose Street and is next door to St. Aloysius' College Glasgow having a close relationship with the school. When it was built it was the only Catholic church in Glasgow to have a tower. It is modelled on Namur Cathedral in Belgium and is a Category A listed building.
 Prime Minister's House most commonly known as Temple Trees is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. It is located in Colombo Sri Lanka. Several recent Presidents have used it as their official residence too.Currently it is used by HE Mahinda Rajapakse the 5th Executive President of Sri Lanka.
 New Prospect Church also known as New Prospect Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at 4445 Sheep Creek Road near Bedford Bedford County Virginia USA. It was built in 1880 and is a one-story wood frame building painted white and in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It measures 34 feet wide and 45 feet long and has a low-pitched gable roof.
 The Peninsula Beverly Hills is a luxury hotel at the intersection of Wilshire and Santa Monica Boulevard. The hotel is part of the The Peninsula Hotels who are owned by Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels. The Peninsula Beverly Hills was the second Peninsula branded hotel to open in the United States with The Peninsula New York opening three years beforehand in 1988.
 The Old Town Bridge built in 1848 is a historic stone arch bridge in Wayland Massachusetts.The bridge was designed by Josiah Russell. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Waterman Tavern also known as Waterman's Tavern on Maple Valley Road near Whaley's Hollow in Coventry Rhode Island. It is a historic building that was along the march route of Count de Rochambeau's army.The tavern was built in 1744 and was used for town meetings until the new Town House was constructed in 1835 at Maple Valley Road and Matteson. The tavern also had stocks and a whipping post in front of it for punishment of crimes.
 The Oskaloosa City Hall was built in 1911. It was designed by architect Frank E. Wetherell in Renaissance Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. It is included in the Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District which is also NRHP-listed.
 The Museo del Autonomismo Puertorriqueño (English: Museum of Puerto Rican Autonomism) is a small museum in Ponce Puerto Rico that showcases the political history of Puerto Rico with an emphasis on the contributions made by the municipality of Ponce and its residents. The museum was established on 7 September 2006.
 University Mall is the largest mall in western Alabama. It is located at the intersection of McFarland Boulevard and Veterans' Memorial Parkway in Tuscaloosa the busiest in the city.Owned and managed by Montgomery-based Aronov Realty the mall opened on August 20 1980. Anchor stores of the 733254 sq ft (68121.5 m2) enclosed mall include J.C.
 The Dreischeibenhaus (also known as the Dreischeibenhochhaus) is a 95 metre office building in August-Thyssen-Straße in the Hofgarten district of the Düsseldorf city centre. It was also known as the Thyssen-Haus or Thyssen-Hochhaus owing to its former use as the headquarters of the Thyssen and ThyssenKrupp groups.
 The Children's Museum of Indianapolis is the world's largest children's museum. It is located at 3000 North Meridian Street Indianapolis Indiana United States in the United Northwest Area neighborhood of the city. The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. It is 472900 square feet (43933.85 m2) with five floors of exhibit halls and receives more than one million visitors annually.
 Carter Hill is a historic home located near Lebanon Russell County Virginia. It was built in 1921-1922 and is a tall two-story brick sheathed frame Colonial Revival style dwelling. It has a side gable roof with green-glazed terra cotta tiles and pedimented and hipped dormer windows. It also has a projecting temple-fronted center bay a hipped ell and several rear shed wings.
 St. Cloud Hospital is a hospital in St. Cloud Minnesota United States. It is a Catholic-affiliated not-for-profit institution and part of the CentraCare Health System. The hospital has more than 4300 employees 400 physicians and 1200 volunteers. It serves 690000 people in a 12-county area.
 Balwearie is a historic plantation home located near Winnsboro Fairfield County South Carolina. It is a 1 1/2-story brick and frame residence with a gabled roof and cross-gabled front porch. The front gable is supported by six paneled wooden posts and has a turned balustrade. The gable ends feature boxed cornices with returns and central paired louvered windows with plain surrounds. The first story is of masonry construction; half-story is sheathed in weatherboard.
 B. M. Birla Planetarium is a large planetarium in Chennai providing a virtual tour of the night sky and holding cosmic shows on a specially perforated hemispherical aluminium inner dome. It is located at Kotturpuram in the Periyar Science and Technology Centre campus which houses eight galleries namely Physical Science Electronics and Communication Energy Life Science Innovation Transport International Dolls and Children and Materials Science with over 500 exhibits.
 Drydock Number One Norfolk Naval Shipyard also known as Drydock No. 1is the site where the USS Merrimack was modified to be the Confederate Navy ironclad CSS Virginia. It is now included within the Norfolk Naval Shipyard. It remains in use.The drydock measures 319.5 feet (97.4 m) in length and is built of Massachusetts granite stepped to allow access to and bracing of ships under repair. Original cost was $974365.65 a very high price for 1827 when work was started.
 LaRoe Family Homestead Historic District is a historic district in Eustis Florida near the corner of West County Road 44 and East Orange Avenue. It consists of a complex of buildings nine of which (constructed between 1880 and 1949) are contributing properties to the district. They include the primary residence and various farm buildings. The architecture in the district is a combination of Late 19th and 20th Century Revival and Colonial Revival.
 The Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary into Heaven (Lithuanian: Švč. Mergelės Marijos Ėmimo į dangų bažnyčia) is a Roman Catholic church in Telšiai Lithuania.
 Skibotn Chapel (Norwegian: Skibotn bedehuskapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Skibotn. The chapel is part of the Storfjord parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was originally built in 1895 and has been remodeled and enlarged several times since. The chapel was consecrated on 22 Jun 1931 by the Bishop Eivind Berggrav.
 The Cape Cod Factory Outlet Mall is an outdoor mall located in Bourne Massachusetts. It was first developed into a shopping center in 1972 as an indoor outlet mall but has now been developed into an outdoor mall. When it was an indoor mall it boasted approximately 25 shops from outlets to local brands.
 The Royal Palace (official name Haw Kham Lao: ຫໍຄຳ Lao pronunciation: [hɔ̌ɔ.kʰám]) in Luang Prabang Laos was built in 1904 during the French colonial era for King Sisavang Vong and his family. The site for the palace was chosen so that official visitors to Luang Prabang could disembark from their river voyages directly below the palace and be received there. After the death of King Sisavang Vong the Crown Prince Savang Vatthana and his family were the last to occupy the grounds.
 The Evangelical Church is a place of worship for the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Cluj-Napoca Romania. It was built between 1816 and 1829 following plans drawn by the architect Georg Winkler. The church is 33.8 m in length and 18 m in width with a 43 m tower marked with the inscription PIETATI. The sanctuary was decorated by Johann Gentiluomo and in 1913 the church received a pipe organ build in Ludwigsburg.
 The Irvine Spectrum Center is an outdoor shopping center on the south-east edge of Irvine California USA. The mall's notable feature is an Edwards 21 Cinemas movie theater. Built over a 10-year period the first phase of the center opened in 1995 with the second phase following in 1998. The third phase was completed in 2002. The fourth and fifth phases were built and completed through 2005 and 2006.It has chains including Barnes & Noble Macy's Nordstrom and H&M.
 The Henry O. Tanner House is a boyhood home of Henry Ossawa Tanner who as an expatriate in Europe was a successful painter. He studied under Thomas Eakins in Philadelphia. He was one of the most successful African American artists of his day. He lived overseas from 1891 to his death in 1937 visiting the United States only once during that time.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 The Wachusett Aqueduct carries water from the Wachusett Reservoir to the John J. Carroll Water Treatment Plant at Walnut Hill in Marlborough Massachusetts. It is part of the public water supply system for the communities of Greater Boston that are served by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA) which manages the aqueduct.
 The A.B. Chace Rowhouses is a historic apartment building located at 655-685 Middle Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was constructed circa 1877 for Arnold B. Chace son of Elizabeth Buffum Chace a prominent Rhode Island abolitionist and reformer.The red brick rowhouse is unusual for Fall River which is more typically dominated by triple-decker houses.
 The Opera House is a former opera house and current pub in Royal Tunbridge Wells Kent England. It is also a Grade II listed building.
 Memorial Union serves as a community center for the University of Missouri by providing meeting rooms technology centers dining facilities and playing host to many special events. The facility was built in three stages between 1923 and 1963.It was designed by Jamieson and Spearl which designed most of the campus buildings built between 1902 and the 1950s.
 The Little Synagogue on the Prairie is a small wooden synagogue originally built in Sibbald Alberta justwest of the Alberta-Saskatchewan border. Originally called the Montefiore Institute it was built in 1913 or 1916 by the Montefiore colony of Jewish immigrants who had settledin Alberta in 1910 named after Sir Moses Montefiore.
 Peace Baptist Church is a historic church at 302 Sixth Street North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1963 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Schenck-Mann House is a historic home located at Syosset in Nassau County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay-wide timber-framed residence with a wood shingle gable roof and rectangular plan. The western three bays were built about 1700. The house was extensively renovated during the 1940s after a period of abandonment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Bement Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge on Center Road over the Warner River in Bradford New Hampshire. A Long truss bridge it was built in 1854 and is the third bridge to occupy the site. The bridge is named for local resident Samuel Bement whose property the second (1818) bridge was identified as being near in town records.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Armada House (grid reference ST587728) (previously known as Nova House) is in Telephone Avenue Off Baldwin Street BristolIt was built in 1903 by Henry Williams and is now used as offices and a conference centre. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Cothay Manor is a grade one listed medieval house and gardens located in Stawley near Wellington Somerset.In the early 14th century the local lord of the manor were the Bluett and Cothay families who owned both the nearby Greenham Barton and Cothay Manor.
 The Ardea formerly 3720 is a 30-story99.06 m (325.0 ft) apartment skyscraper in the South Waterfront district of Portland Oregon. The building was completed in March 2009 however was turned over in phases allowing occupancy beginning in August 2008. The Ardea was developed by Gerding Edlen designed by GBD Architects and constructed by Hoffman Construction.
 Fort Independence is a granite star fort that provided harbor defenses for Boston Massachusetts. Located on Castle Island Fort Independence is the oldest continuously fortified site of English origin in the United States. The first primitive fortification was placed on the site in 1634 and replaced in 1701 with a more substantial structure known as Castle William.
 Simeon Sage House is a historic home located at Scottsville in Monroe County New York. It was built about 1830 and consists of a 1-story five-by-two-bay rectangular main block with a smaller 1-story rectangular rear wing in a vernacular Federal style. There are later Greek Revival style modification. It is an example of a working man's cottage.
 The Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District is located adjacent to Drake Park near the historic downtown area in Bend Oregon United States. Because of the unique and varied architecture in the Drake Park neighborhood and its close association with the early development of the city of Bend the area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The James B. Barnes House is an historic house located at 109 Hampshire Street Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was built in 1824 for an English glassmaker employed at the New England Glass Company and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was previously located at 200 Monsignor O'Brien Highway but was moved in 1984. The house is one of the only brick Federal era houses left in East Cambridge.
 The Chestnut Street Bridge is located where Chestnut Street passes over the Dequindre Cut (formerly owned by the Grand Trunk Western Railroad) in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Moltke's Mansion is a town mansion on the corner of Bredgade and Dronningens Tværgade in Copenhagen Denmark. It is one of several town mansions in Frederiksstaden although it actually predates the neighbourhood by half a century. It was built for Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve between 1700 and 1702 and was originally known as Gyldenløve's Little Mansion (in contrast to his larger mansion now known as Charlottenborg Palace at Kongens Nytorv).
 The Poughkeepsie Journal Building is the main office of that newspaper in the city of Poughkeepsie New York USA. It is located at Civic Center Plaza the north end of Market Street.It was built of fieldstone in a Colonial Revival style in 1941. Architects in the Hudson Valley and particularly Dutchess County took inspiration from then-President Franklin D.
 Kumamoto Prefectural Theater (熊本県立劇場 Kumamoto kenritsu gekijō) is a centre for the performing arts in Kumamoto Kumamoto Prefecture Japan. It opened in 1982 and has two main spaces: a concert hall that seats 1813 and a theatre that seats 1183. Maekawa Kunio was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 The Edward Dodge House was built out of cobblestone in 1848. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Currently it serves as the Visitor's Center for the city of Port Washington Wisconsin United States.
 The Fells Connector Parkways are a group of historic parkways in the cities of Malden and Medford Massachusetts suburbs north of the city of Boston. The three parkways The Fellsway Fellsway West and Fellsway East serve to provide access from the lower portion of the Mystic River Reservation to the Middlesex Fells Reservation. The latter two parkways continue northward providing access to the interior of the Fells and providing a further connection to the Lynn Fells Parkway.
 Eryldene is a historic house in the Sydney North Shore suburb of Gordon designed by the Australian architect William Hardy Wilson. The house and its garden which is noted for its camellias are listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate as well as the New South Wales heritage register.
 The Aaron Barlow House is located in Redding Connecticut. The house was built in 1730. It is important as a surviving example embodying the characteristics of early Georgian style domestic architecture that became prominent in the Colonies beginning in the mid-18th century and also for its association with Col. Aaron Barlow Joel Barlow and General Israel Putnam.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 1982.
 The Glacier Point Trailside Museum was one of the first projects in Yosemite National Park by Herbert Maier in what would become the National Park Service Rustic style. Located at Glacier Point it was funded by Laura Spelman Rockefeller's estate as a project for the Yosemite Museum.
 Nagashima (長島) was a series of fortresses and fortifications controlled by the Ikkō-ikki a sect of warrior monks in Japan's Sengoku period who opposed samurai rule. It was attacked and destroyed by Oda Nobunaga in the 1570s.
 The Waldo water tower officially called the Frank T. Riley Memorial is a white castle-like tower in the Waldo neighborhood of south Kansas City Missouri.The structure was a functioning water tower from 1920 until 1957. The tower was pictured each year from 1929 to 1946 in the World Book Encyclopedia as an early example of reinforced concrete.
 The Midtown Historic District in Midtown Atlanta Georgia is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Caldwell Odd Fellow Home for the Aged in Caldwell Idaho was built in 1920. It was designed and/or built by Tourtellotte & Hummel and C. E. Silbaugh with aspects of Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was studied in a 1982 study of Tourtellotte and Hummel architecture.The home no longer belongs to the Odd Fellows.
 Blue on the Bay is a skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located in the northern part of the city near Midtown Miami in the Edgewater neighborhood. Completed in 2005 it was part of the recent building boom in Miami. It is 425 feet (130 m) tall and contains 37 floors. Floors 1-3 are used for retail and floors 4-36 are used for residential units. The 37th floor contains an observation deck and resident facilities.
 Ware Town Hall is a historic town hall at Main and West Streets in Ware Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival structure was built in 1885 to a design by the architectural firm of Hartwell and Richardson. It was built on the site of a previous town hall built 1847 that was destroyed by fire in 1867. The brick building is a roughly square shape with a tall hip roof and tower on one flank.
 The Mira Hotel is an upscale hotel located in Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong.The hotel is owned by Miramar Hotel and Investment. It was designed by architect Edmond Wong interiors were designed by lifestyle guru Colin Cowie.
 Mount Clare — also known as Mount Clare Mansion known today as the Mount Clare Museum House — is the oldest Colonial-era structure in the City of Baltimore Maryland U.S.A. The Georgian style of architecture plantation house exhibits a somewhat altered five-part plan.
 The Hong Kong Fringe Club (Chinese: 香港藝穗會) is a non-profit arts organisation whose mission is to help emergent artists to get started promote Hong Kong artists abroad through cultural exchange and overseas touring and conserve and invigorate Hong Kong cultural heritage. It is also a contemporary arts space that provides rent-free facilities for artists to put on their performance or exhibition. It is located in 2 Lower Albert Road Central District.
 Bayside Cemetery and Gatehouse Complex is a historic cemetery and gatehouse located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Stonefield is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built about 1860 as a simple vernacular two-story one-over-one-room frame house on a high brick basement. A two-story Queen Anne style facade two rooms in width and one room deep effectively masking the original rambling vernacular structure behind. It was added between 1880 and 1884.
 The Stone Building built in 1833 is an historic Greek Revival style building located at 735 Massachusetts Avenue in Lexington Massachusetts. It was originally a meeting hall for East Lexington which had its own civic identity and its own church the neighboring Follen Community Church. Notable speakers at the hall included Ralph Waldo Emerson Henry David Thoreau Charles Sumner Wendell Phillips Theodore Parker and Josiah Quincy Jr.
 Susina Plantation is an antebellum Greek Revival house and several dependencies on 140 acres (57 ha) near Beachton Georgia approximately 15 miles (24 km) southwest of the city of Thomasville Georgia. It was originally called Cedar Grove. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is currently a private residence.
 The Rose Historic Chapel formerly known as the St Mary's Convent Chapel is a heritage-listed stone church building located in Colombo Street in Christchurch New Zealand. It is registered as a Historic Place – Category II  by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. The building was designed in the Gothic Revival style and erected in 1910.
 The Hollow is an historic property and dwelling located near Markham Fauquier County Virginia U.S. A part of the John Marshall's Leeds Manor Rural Historic District it was the boyhood home of Chief Justice John Marshall and includes the second-oldest dated home in the county.
 The Downtown Athens Historic District is a historic area in Athens Georgia United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Its boundaries were revised twice in 1984 and 2006 and additional documentation was filed in 2006.
 Casa Presei Libere (The House of the Free Press) is a building in northern Bucharest Romania the tallest in the city between 1956 and 2007.A horse race track was built in 1905 on the future site of Casa Presei Libere. A third of the track was removed in 1950 to make way for a wing of the building and the race track was finally closed and demolished in 1960 after a decision by Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej.Construction began in 1952 and was completed in 1956.
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church on McCaul Street in Toronto Ontario Canada is the church for the city's fifth oldest Roman Catholic parish. St. Patrick subway station nearby and the adjacent St. Patrick Street were named after the church. St. Patrick's is the home of the Canadian National Shrine of Our Mother of Perpetual Help. The German-speaking Catholic community in Toronto holds services in the church as well.
 The Robert S. Vance Federal Building and United States Courthouse previously known as the U.S. Post Office and Federal Building & Courthouse is located at 1800 5th Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama. The Beaux-Arts-style building was constructed in 1921. It served historically as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 3 1976.
 Spanish American War Monument to the 71st Infantry Regiment is a historic war memorial located in Mount Hope Cemetery at Greenburgh Westchester County New York. It was built in 1901 at the 71st Infantry Regiment burial plot and is an 18 feet square and 18 feet high Quincy granite structure in the Neoclassical style. It has granite steps wrought and cast iron double entrance doors and a square cupola.
 Grendel's Den is a bar and restaurant in Harvard Square in Cambridge Massachusetts located at 89 Winthrop Street. The establishment was frequented by both students and professors of Harvard University as well as many others from the Cambridge and Boston area. The name was a reference to Grendel the antagonist in the Old English epic poem of Beowulf.The restaurant was perhaps most famous for the lawsuit Larkin v. Grendel's Den Inc. 459 U.S.
 The Crimson Beech (also known as the Cass House) is a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright located in the Lighthouse Hill neighborhood of the New York City borough of Staten Island. Its original owners Catherine and William Cass had it manufactured by Marshall Erdman in kit form in Madison Wisconsin and shipped to Staten Island where it was erected in 1959. It is the only residence designed by Wright in New York City and one of eleven Marshall Erdman Prefab Houses that were built.
 The Tubbs Cordage Company Office Building is a small frame structure located in San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. The 1890 structure was originally located at the Tubbs Cordage factory at 611-613 Front Street San Francisco.
 The Renault Samsung Motors Gallery is a museum owned by the Korean carmaker Renault Samsung Motors.The museum was opened as the Reuno Samseong Munhwagwan (Hangul:르노삼성 문화관) or Renault Samsung Culture Center in June 2001. It was renovated in September 2006 adopting its current name.
 Kingston Hospital NHS Foundation Trust runs Kingston Hospital an acute NHS hospital in Kingston upon Thames South West London. It has an Accident & Emergency Unit a popular midwife-led Maternity unit and an STD clinic known as the Wolverton Centre.
 Santa Maria dell'Anima (English: Our Lady of the Soul) is a Roman Catholic church in central Rome Italy just west of the Piazza Navona and near the Santa Maria della Pace church. It was founded during the course of the 14th century by Dutch merchants who at that time belonged to the Holy Roman Empire.
 Broadcasting Tower is a university building in Broadcasting Place in Woodhouse Lane Leeds England. Adjacent to other university buildings it forms part of Leeds Metropolitan University housing its Faculty of Arts Environment and Technology as well as some student flats and is close to the main campus of The University of Leeds and other academic institutions.
 Sterling Memorial Library is the main library of Yale University. Completed in 1931 and designed by James Gamble Rogers it is an example of Gothic revival architecture adorned with thousands of panes of stained glass created by G. Owen Bonawit. The library's tower has fifteen levels of bookstacks containing over 4 million volumes. It connects by underground passageway to Bass Library which contains an additional 150000 volumes.
 The Zacke Cox Covered Bridge is east of Mecca Indiana. The single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1908. The bridge is 72 feet (22 m) long 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and 14 feet (4.3 m) high.
 The second Taliaferro County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Crawfordville Georgia. Designed by Lewis F. Goodrich in the High Victorian style it was built in 1901-1902 by J.H. McKenzie & Son on the site of the first Taliaferro County Courthouse (1828) which had been demolished to make way for it.On September 18 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Francis DeSales Church is a historic Roman Catholic church on Church Street in Lexington Greene County New York. It was completed in 1895 and is a one story four by one bay light frame structure on a stone and concrete foundation. It features a steeply pitched gable roof narrow clapboard sheathing and an enclosed porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 L V Prasad Eye Institute is a comprehensive eye health facility and ocular Tissue Engineering research center jointly founded by Dr. Gullapalli N Rao and Ramesh Prasad son of L.V. Prasad in 1987. with its main campus located in Hyderabad India.
 The Church of the Nativity is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 44 Second Avenue between Second and 3rd Streets in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1842 and was formerly staffed by the Jesuit Fathers.
 The Met Hotel Leeds (formerly the Hotel Metropole is a Grade II listed building situated on King Street in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It was built in 1898 as the Hotel Metropole and underwent a £6 million renovation in 2005 under new owner the Principal Hayley Group after which its name was changed to the trendier sounding 'The Met'.
 The Don Gaspar Historic District is one of the historic districts in Santa Fe New Mexico. It extends south from the State Capitol and is part of the South Capitol area of Santa Fe. The northern boundary is Paseo de Peralta; the eastern boundary is the Old Santa Fe Trail; the southern boundary is Houghton Street and the western boundary is Don Cubero.
 The Pendine Museum of Speed is dedicated to the use of Pendine Sands for land speed record attempts. It was opened in 1996 in the village of Pendine on the south coast of Wales and is owned and run by Carmarthenshire County Council. The museum received 33522 visitors in 2009.For part of the summer the museum houses Babs the land speed record car in which J. G. Parry-Thomas was killed in 1927.
 The Airplane Service Station also known as the Powell Airplane is a service station built in 1930 in the shape of an airplane. Located at 6829 Clinton Highway in Powell an unincorporated community in Knox County Tennessee it is on the National Register of Historic Places. The station was built by brothers Elmer and Henry Nickle. Their intent was to increase business by having a service station that was visually unique both to area residents and to travelers on newly widened U.S.
 Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at Kingston Ulster County New York. It was built in 1850 and is a meeting house form church building constructed of native limestone blocks in the Gothic Revival style. It features a monumental buttressed central entry / bell tower rising several stories to a pyramidal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Plaza Rio Hondo is a shopping mall in Bayamón Puerto Rico. Opened in 1982 it is anchored by Marshalls Megastore TJ Maxx Best Buy and Kmart.
 Onteora Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Hunter in Greene County New York. The district contains 94 contributing buildings and seven contributing structures. It is composed of a golf course and extensive hiking trails planned during the late 19th century. The small residential area was laid out in 1880.
 Huffman House also known as Creekside Farm and Huffman Farm is a historic home and farm located at Newport Craig County Virginia. The farmhouse was built about 1835 with an addition and remodeling between 1907 and 1911. It is a two-story single-pile center-hall plan frame dwelling with a side gable roof. Also on the property are a contributing early-19th century barn a corn crib a wash house a garage and an early-20th century country store.
 The Old Faithful Inn is a hotel located in Yellowstone National Park Wyoming United States with a clear view of the renowned Old Faithful Geyser. The Inn features a multi-story log lobby flanked by long frame wings containing guest rooms. With its spectacular log and limb lobby and massive (500-ton 85-foot) stone fireplace the inn is a prime example of the Golden Age of rustic resort architecture a style which is also known as National Park Service Rustic.
 The Trump Ocean Club is a 70 story 2500000 sq ft (230000 m2) mixed-use waterfront condominium tower development in Panama City Panama. The project was developed by Colombian architects Arias - Serna - Saravia S.A. The building is situated on a beachfront lot with views of the Pacific Ocean and Panama Bay in the area of Punta Pacifica. The building was developed by real estate tycoon Donald J. Trump of the Trump Organization and Mr.
 Springside was the estate of Matthew Vassar in Poughkeepsie New York USA. It is located on Academy Street just off US 9. Detailed plans for a landscape and complex of farm buildings were drawn up by the influential Andrew Jackson Downing prior to his death. The landscaping was completed and remains Downing's only surviving work but only a few of the buildings were ever built and most have since been lost to fire and structural failure.
 Mary Mac's Tea Room is a historic restaurant in Atlanta Georgia serving Southern cuisine. Every morning the workers shuck bushels of corn hand wash selected greens and snap the fresh green beans by hand. Breads and desserts are baked on the premises. The restaurant is located in the Midtown district at 224 Ponce de Leon Avenue. The current owner is John Ferrell.
 Bellevue is a historic farmhouse located near the village of Kingston in southern Pickaway County Ohio United States. Built of brick on a stone foundation it was the home of leading early Ohio politician Renick Dunlap.Built from 1835 to 1840 Bellevue was constructed for Colonel William Entrekin whose family owned the property until its sale to Nelson Dunlap in 1899.
 San Antonio Community Hospital (SACH) is an acute full service medical center in Upland California.The 283 bed facility is known for its advanced Neo-Natal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and for its cardiac care programs. This facility has been designated an official Stemi heart attack receiving center by Inland Counties Emergency Medical Agency (ICEMA).
 Boonville Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Boonville in Oneida County New York. The district includes 74 contributing buildings two contributing structures and two contributing sites. It includes a grouping of architecturally significant buildings that front on the triangular intersection created by Main Post and East Schuyler streets.
 The ruins of Czorsztyn Castle (German: Sub-Arx Oberschloss Arx Czorstein) are located in the southernmost part of Poland in Czorsztyn (Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland) at Czorsztyn Lake within Pieniny National Park borders. On the other side of the Czorsztyn Lake is located Niedzica Castle.
 Santiago Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral de Santiago; Basque: Donejakue Katedrala) is a Catholic Cathedral in the city of Bilbao that was officially declared cathedral in 1950.
 The Montagu Museum situated in Montagu Western Cape was built in 1907 and was declared a national monument in 1976.
 St. Martin’s Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located on Route 113 at the intersection with Route 589 in Showell Worcester County Maryland. Much of the original Flemish bond brick structure is retained. Built as the first parish church of Worcester Parish which had been established in 1753 it was started in 1756 and completed in 1759. Attendance dwindled after St.
 The Woodruff Stake House at 50 South Main in Woodruff Utah was built during 1990-1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It has also been known as Woodruff Stake Tithing House.
 Lyles Consolidated School is a historic school in Lyles Station Indiana United States. The third school to be located in Lyles Station it was opened in 1919 and used until 1958. For nearly forty years it remained abandoned and by 1997 it had deteriorated almost to the point of total collapse. In June of that year the Lyles Station Historic Preservation Corporation was founded to help preserve and promote the history of the Lyles Station community.
 Halstead Cell was a friary in Essex England.
 The International Spy Museum is a privately owned museum dedicated to the tradecraft history and contemporary role of espionage featuring the largest collection of international espionage artifacts currently on public display. The museum is located within the 1875 Le Droit Building in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington D.C. and is across the street from the Old Patent Office Building (which houses the Smithsonian American Art Museum and the National Portrait Gallery).
 Frank A. Palen House is a historic home located at Kingston in Ulster County New York. It is a Queen Anne style residence built in 1892.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Hopper Gristmill Site is located in Mahwah Bergen County New Jersey United States. The gristmill was built in 1764 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 3 1983.
 This article is about the 1869 courthouse in Bartow County Georgia. For 1902 Bartow County Courthouse see Bartow County Courthouse.The Old Bartow County Courthouse built in 1869 is an historic stately redbrick Italianate style building located at 4 East Church Street in Cartersville Bartow County Georgia United States.
 The National Museum of Language located in College Park Maryland is a cultural institution established in 1997 toexamine the history impact and art of language and remains one of only a handful of institutions designed for this purpose.The museum may be among the world’s smallest in physical space. At present it consists of three small rooms: (1) an exhibit room; (2) a reception and administrative room; and (3) an activities room.
 The Westin Seattle is a twin tower highrise hotel in Seattle Washington. The south tower with 40 floors at 121 m (397 ft) was completed in 1969 as the Washington Plaza Hotel. It was built on the site of the historic Orpheum theater. Western International Hotels operated the Washington Plaza as one property with the adjacent Benjamin Franklin Hotel built in 1929. The Benjamin Franklin was demolished in July 1980 for construction of a second nearly identical tower.
 The Imperial Hotel formerly Barceló Imperial Hotel is a 4-star hotel on the Northern Promenade of Blackpool Lancashire England. It was established in 1867 and is situated in a large Victorian red brick building in what before development was once Claremont Park. Owned by Barceló Hotels for many years it is now operated by Puma Hotels Collection.
 The Küçük Mecidiye Mosque (Turkish: Küçük Mecidiye Camii) is an Ottoman mosque in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul Turkey. It was built from the order of Sultan Abdülmecid I by Nigoğos Balyan member of the Balyan family. The mosque is located on the Çırağan Street near the entrance to the Yıldız Park. Beşiktaş Police Station is located nearby Çırağan Palace is across the street.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Altcar is to the west of the village of Great Altcar West Lancashire England. The church is timber-framed and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Sefton. Its benefice is combined with that of St Stephen's Hightown. In the Buildings of England series it is described as an utterly charming church.
 HM Prison Full Sutton is a Category A and B men's prison in the village of Full Sutton near Pocklington in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. Full Sutton is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and holds some 600 inmates.
 Holy Trinity Church Millom is located in the village of Millom Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St George Millom St Anne Thwaites and St Luke Haverigg. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Smith Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1903 and is a small 2 1⁄2-story wood frame dwelling sided in clapboard and shingles and covered by a cross-gable roof in the Queen Anne style. It features an open sitting-out porch under a second story overhang bordered by a round tower.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 San Michele al Pozzo Bianco is a church in the upper town of Bergamo on a small piazza of the same name near Porta Sant’Agostino on Via Porta Dipinta. The church is now in a corner next to the frescoed house of the vicar entered by a large rounded arch. The vicar's house has an external fresco attributed to Giacomo Scanardi.Founded in the 8th century it was rebuilt many times over the centuries . The present façade is from the early 1900s.
 Warrenville Elementary School originally known as Warrenville Graded School was constructed in 1925 and used to educate mill village children located in and around the Warrenville South Carolina area. In 1954 two wings were added to the building. This Aiken County South Carolina school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 2002.
 The Flint Hills Discovery Center is a municipal heritage and science center located in the city of Manhattan Kansas. Featured within the facility are exhibits detailing local history and preservation of the Flint Hills a theater a specialized interactive playground for youth and parents and a temporary exhibition gallery. The facility also promotes various educational outreach programs for youth and adults and serves as a venue for special events.
 Naper Settlement established in 1969 is a 12-acre (49000 m2) outdoor history museum accredited by the American Alliance of Museums that consists of a collection of thirty historical buildings and structures from the Naperville Illinois area. Many buildings were moved here from their original locations and refurbished in a style fitting of their time periods that range from 1831 when Naperville was founded through the early 20th century.
 Cloud Home is a historic home located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1851 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It features a pedimented portico supported by four Corinthian order columns. Surrounding the home are seven acres of landscaped grounds.
 The Lake Shore House in Glenbrook Nevada is a historic hotel by Lake Tahoe that was built in 1863 and moved in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Scarborough Fair Collection is a museum of fairground mechanical organs and showman's engines located in Scarborough North Yorkshire one of the largest collections of its type in Europe.Farmer turned entrepreneur Graham Atkinson is the owner of the Flower of May holiday park in Lebberston who wanted to both indulge his passion for fairgrounds and entertain his holiday park clients.
 The Kitchin is a quality restaurant in Edinburgh run by Tom Kitchin and his wife Michaela (née Berseilus). It serves fresh Scottish produce in a French style from Kitchin's time spent with Alain Ducasse. It was awarded a Michelin star within six months of opening.
 The Palmer House is a historic home in Monticello Florida. It is located at Palmer Mill Road and South Jefferson Street. On November 21 1978 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bennington Post Office in Bennington Vermont also known as U.S. Federal Building is a Greek Revival architecture building built in 1897. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Abrishami Synagogue (Persian: Kanise ye Abrishami كنيسهء ابريشمى‎ Hebrew: בית הכנסת אברישמי‎) is a synagogue in Tehran Iran. It was built in September 1965 in the upper-middle-class neighborhood of Kakh Shomali (currently N. Palestine Street). The land on which the synagogue-school compound was built was granted by the Iranian Jewish philanthropist Aghajan Abrishami and is 1025 square meters (approximately 11040 square feet) in size.
 Hankinson-Moreau-Covenhoven House or more simply Covenhoven House is located in Freehold Borough Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1752-53 by William and Elizabeth Covenhoven. General Henry Clinton occupied this house as his headquarters prior to the Battle of Monmouth.
 Laveen School Auditorium is an historic structure located in Laveen Arizona. It was constructed in 1925 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Zwettl Abbey (German: Stift Zwettl) is a Cistercian monastery located in Zwettl in Lower Austria in the Diocese of St. Pölten.
 The Kalkin House was an exhibition building at Shelburne Museum Shelburne Vermont. Designed by New Jersey-based architect and artist Adam Kalkin it opened in June 1 2001. The prefabricated building was made of three trans-oceanic shipping containers housed within a commercially produced metal shell supplied by Cameron Construction Company Ferrisburgh Vermont. The two-story structure also included two glass garage doors and a pair of metal grid balconies.
 The Metropolitan Opera House (MOH) is an historic opera house in Iowa Falls Iowa and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Metropolitan Opera House opened with its first performance on December 27 1899 with an audience numbering over 800 later proclaimed as the biggest social event in the history of Iowa Falls. The house hosted notable artists including Otis Skinner Walker Whiteside and John Phillip Sousa and his band.
 Leeds Cathedral formally the Cathedral Church of St Anne commonly known as Saint Anne's Cathedral is the Roman Catholic Cathedral of the Diocese of Leeds and is the seat of the Bishop of Leeds. It is in the city of Leeds West Yorkshire England. (The city of Leeds does not have a Church of England cathedral because it was in the Anglican Diocese of Ripon and Leeds although Leeds Parish Church is large and architecturally significant.)The original cathedral was located in St.
 Dobele Castle is a castle in the town of Dobele on the west bank of the river in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Dobele was built in 1335 by the Livonian order on top of a more ancient castle.
 The First Methodist Episcopal Church built in 1924 is a historic red brick Gothic Revival church located at 200 NW 2nd Street in Okeechobee Florida. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.Today it is known as First United Methodist Church.
 The Alexander Smith Carpet Mills Historic District is a national historic district located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It includes 85 contributing buildings. It encompasses 19 stylistically varied mill buildings and six rows of workers' housing. They were developed between 1871 and 1930 along the banks of the Saw Mill River. The main mill building was originally built in 1871 and expanded between 1876 and 1883.
 The Skirvin Hotel at the corner of 1st Street and Broadway in downtown Oklahoma City is the city's oldest hotel. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Skirvin Hilton Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 The Thom Block is an historic mixed-used commericial and residential building at 83-89 Main Street in Milford Massachusetts. It is distinctive as being Milford's only building to be built out of locally-quarried granite. The four story building was built in 1891; its interior was gutted by fire shortly before its construction was completed.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Constable Hall is a historic home located at Constableville in Lewis County New York. It was built between 1810 and 1819 and is a two-story rectangular Federal style limestone building with two one story wings. A U shaped courtyard is created by the west side of the house and the two story frame servants quarters to the south and carriage house to the north.
 Papplewick Hall is a Grade I listed English country house in Papplewick Nottinghamshire.
 Pilgrim Congregational Church in Redding California was designed in 1958 by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built between 1960 and 1963.One of the parishioners contacted Wright the legendary architect to inquire about designing a building. To the amazement of church members Mr. Wright responded to the proposal in January 1958 with these words: Tell the people of the little church that I will help them out.
 The Hattie O. and Henry Drake Octagon House built in 1893 is an historic octagonal house located at 605 3rd Street South West in Huron South Dakota. The home's most unusual feature may be its mansard roof.On January 30 1992 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kilpeck Priory was a priory in Kilpeck Herefordshire England at grid reference SO448303.
 The T.J. Walker Historic District at the Sheyenne River in Fort Ransom North Dakota United States is a 9.3-acre (3.8 ha) historic district that includes resources dating to 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The listed district includes a complex of structures associated with pioneer miller and merchant Tyler James Walker.
 Oslo City Hall (Norwegian: Oslo rådhus) houses the city council city administration and art studios and galleries. The construction started in 1931 but was paused by the outbreak of World War II before the official inauguration in 1950. Its characteristic architecture artworks and the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony held on 10 December makes it one of Oslo's most famous buildings. It was designed by Arnstein Arneberg and Magnus Poulsson.
 The Quarter at Tropicana is an Old Havana-themed enclosed shopping mall located at the Tropicana Casino Resort Atlantic City in Atlantic City New Jersey. It contains over 40 stores nine restaurants eleven nightclubs and a spa.
 St. Vincent de Paul is a Roman Catholic church in Toronto Canada part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto. It has been served since 1995 by clergy of the Oratory of St. Philip Neri who reside at the mother parish of Holy Family Roman Catholic Church Parkdale. It is located on Roncesvalles Avenue west of downtown Toronto.
 Seichō-ji (清澄寺) alternately called Kiyosumi-dera from an alternative pronunciation of the kanji in its name is a Nichiren Shū temple located in the city of Kamogawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan. Along with Kuon-ji in Yamanashi Prefecture Ikegami Honmon-ji in the south of Tokyo and Tanjō-ji also in Kamogawa City Seichō-ji is one of the Four Sacred Places of Nichiren Shū.
 The Frank C. Stettler House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Abbey Resort is located in the small village of Fontana-on-Geneva Lake Wisconsin overlooking Geneva Lake. The Abbey was built in 1963 and boasts the world's tallest wooden A-frame. This resort was among the first successful condominium hotels and has recently changed hands to be managed by Hostmark Hospitality Group.This full-service resort offers 40000 square feet (3700 m2) of meeting room space as well as the 35000-square-foot (3300 m2) newly remodeled Avani Spa.
 Clinton Correctional Facility is a New York State Department of Correctional Services state prison for men located in the Village of Dannemora New York. The prison itself is sometimes colloquially referred to as Dannemora although its actual name is derived from its location in Clinton County New York. The southern perimeter wall of the prison borders New York State Route 374. Church of St. Dismas the Good Thief a church built by inmates is located within the walls.
 The Former Bank of England building at 82 King Street Manchester is a historic banking building. It has been recognised as a Grade I listed building maintained by Manchester City Council. It was designed by Charles Robert Cockerell and constructed in the 1840s being completed in 1846.The building is still home to the Bank of England agency for the North West.
 St. Joan of Arc Chapel is a Roman Catholic chapel today located in Milwaukee Wisconsin USA on the campus of Marquette University in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. It was dedicated to Joan of Arc on May 26 1966 after it had been moved from its previous location on Long Island New York. It was originally built in the Rhône River Valley in France.
 St John's Church Burwardsley is in School Lane Burwardsley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas. Its benefice is combined with those of Holy Trinity Bickerton St Wenefrede Bickley and All Saints Harthill.
 Brunswick County Courthouse was built in 1844. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 gthe Alston-DeGraffenried Plantation or Alston-DeGraffenried House is a property in Chatham County North Carolina listed on the National Register of Historic Places including a plantation house built in about 1810 and its surrounding agricultural fields. The property was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and the listed area was increased in 1993.
 Crowne Plaza Niagara Falls – Fallsview is a historic hotel located in the Falls Avenue 20-acre (81000 m2) complex (which is formally known as the Falls Avenue Entertainment Complex) in Niagara Falls Ontario Canada.
 Adam Hilton House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a substantial two story stone farmhouse five bays wide with a gable roof. The wood frame addition and front porch were added about 1860.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Windamere Hotel built in the 1930s is a heritage hotel situated on Observatory Hill in Darjeeling India.
 Falmouth Synagogue was the primary synagogue of the Jewish community of Falmouth Cornwall. The Synagogue building still stands and located on Gyllyng Street overlooking the harbour commemorated by a plaque whilst a Jewish cemetery near Penryn also remains.
 The Wells Fargo Center (90 South 7th St) formerly known as Norwest Center is the third-tallest building in Minneapolis Minnesota after the IDS Center and the Capella Tower. Completed in 1988 it is 774 feet (235.6 m) tall. For many years this was believed to be one foot shorter than Capella but that structure actually had a different height (see the IDS Center article for details).
 Rowe-Lant Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at East Chatham in Columbia County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1790 and is an L-shaped dwelling with a 2-story brick main block and 1 1⁄2-story brick and frame wing. It is five bays wide and two bays deep with a gable roof. Also on the property is a large timber-frame barn garage and horse barn and large tractor barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Grange Holborn Hotel is a luxury five-star hotel in London England. It is located at fifty-sixty Southampton Row in the West End.The hotel encompasses nine floors and has 201 en-suite rooms ten studios and fifteen conference and syndicate rooms.
 Krrish Square is a set of four supertall skyscrapers proposed for construction in Colombo Sri Lanka. The multi-purpose residential and commercial will be built on a 4.3-acre (17401 m2) land leased from the Urban Development Authority for a period of 99-years at a cost of Rs.5 billion (approximately US$39.6 million May 2013 rates). The project is owned and run Krrish Group an Indian real-estate company established in 1983.
 Bugis Junction (Chinese: 白沙浮广场) is an integrated development located at Victoria Street Middle Road and North Bridge Road in Bugis Downtown Core in Singapore. The development consists of a shopping mall an office tower and the InterContinental Singapore Hotel.The development was completed in 1995 and its owned by BCH Investments Pte Ltd which is a subsidiary of Keppel Corporation. CapitaLand's REIT CapitaMall Trust owns a portion of the building.
 Cape Breton Regional Hospital is a Canadian hospital in Sydney Nova Scotia.Operated by the Cape Breton District Health Authority the Cape Breton Regional Hospital opened in 1995 replacing the Sydney City Hospital (opened in 1916) and St.
 The Henry Goulding House now the Swedish Lutheran Home for the Aged is a historic house at 26 Harvard Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The opulent Italianate mansion was built in 1850 for Henry Goulding (on the site of his earlier Greek Revival house which was moved to 4 Dix Place). Goulding was a principal partner in some of Worcester's largest industrial businesses. The house was occupied by Goulding until his death in 1866 and then by his son.
 The Hyatt Regency Casablanca is a luxury hotel in the Old Medina of Casablanca Morocco located just to the west of Sheraton Casablanca Hotel & Towers. The hotel has a 255 rooms including 223 deluxe king and twin rooms 11 junior suites 19 executive suites and 3 royal suites and 8 conference rooms accommodating from 20 to 400 people. Its restaurants such as Cafe M Dar Beida Bissat and the outdoor Les Bougainvillées cater in Moroccan fusion or Parisian cuisine.
 Irwin Brothers Store is a historic commercial building located at Stone Mills in Jefferson County New York. It was built in phases between 1823 and approximately 1850. It is a two story nine bay structure constructed of locally quarried blue limestone. Also on the property is a late 19th-century carriage barn.
 HM Prison Preston is a Category B men's prison located in the St Matthew's area of Preston in Lancashire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Fire Safety Museum of Taipei City Fire Department (Chinese: 防災科學教育館; pinyin: Fángzāi Kēxué Jiàoyùguǎn) is a museum on firefighting in Neihu Taipei Taiwan.
 Kuala Lumpur City Centre is a multipurpose development area in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The area is located around Jalan Ampang Jalan P. Ramlee Jalan Binjai Jalan Kia Peng and Jalan Pinang. There are a number of shopping complexes such as Suria KLCC and Avenue K.
 Farmington Quaker Crossroads Historic District is a national historic district located at Farmington in Ontario County New York. The district encompasses 11 contributing components and three non-contributing components. The centerpiece of the district is the Farmington Friends Meetinghouse an Orthodox Quaker meetinghouse built in 1876 with a commemorative tablet marking the sites of meetinghouses built in 1796 and 1804 but later demolished.
 Tillamook Regional Medical Center is a 25-bed Critical Access Hospital located in Tillamook a rural community on the Northern Oregon coast.
 John P. Derham House also known as Loughrea Plantation is a historic home located at Green Sea in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1900 and is representative of the Victorian Eclectic style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Washington Square is a high-rise in downtown Detroit Michigan. Built in 1981 the residential building stands 28 stories tall. The building is located at 1431 Washington Boulevard and occupies the block bordered by Clifford Street Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard.
 St. Agnes Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Thunder Bay Ontario. It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1885. It is situated in the centre of the city on the corner of Mary Street West and Brown Street.
 Hvedholm Castle near Faaborg on the island of Funen in Denmark was built in the 15th century. It was owned in turn by the Banke Hardenberg and Brahe families until 1919 when the Danish government presented the then owners with an enormous tax demand forcing them to sell it to the state for approximately 175000 Danish kroner.Hvedholm Castle was later returned to the Brahe family who were considered for generations the rightful rulers of the castle and surrounding villages.
 Hillside Lodge is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1920 and is a single family one story dwelling clad in cedar shingles and surmounted by a standing seam hipped roof. It has a two story turret with solarium and a fieldstone chimney. It features two cure porches and has Colonial Revival and Queen Anne style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Dry Dock Complex consists of six interconnected buildings located at 1801–1803 Atwater Street in Detroit Michigan as well as the remains of a nearby dry dock at 1900 Atwater Street. The 1801-1803 Atwater complex is also known as the Globe Trading Company Building. The complex is significant as a historic maritime manufacturing facility.
 The Riviera Hotel is a Five star hotel located in Cagayan de Oro City situated in Paseo del Rio the largest Business complex in the city. This first-class hotel is under the perspective mall and convention center. In 2013 the hotel will open with other perspective paseo del rio resentials and other high-rise buildings into proposals. The Riviera hotel has an estimation of 80 meters height.
 The West Jefferson Avenue–Rouge River Bridge is a bridge located where Jefferson Avenue crosses the Rouge River at the border of Detroit and River Rouge Michigan. It is the only surviving pony truss bascule bridge in the state of Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Luke is an Episcopal cathedral located in Portland Maine United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Maine.
 Salem Black River Presbyterian Church (Brick Church) is a historic church in Sumter South Carolina.This house of worship commonly called Brick Church was founded by Scotch-Irish settlers in 1759 on land given by Capt. David Anderson. Original log meeting house was replaced by frame building and named Salem Presbyterian Church in 1768. The first Brick Church was built in 1802 and used until 1846 when the present church was built of brick made on the grounds.
 Park Place is a 56-floor mixed-use tower on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 234.1 m (768 ft) making it currently the 10th tallest building in Dubai. Construction of Park Place was completed in 2007.
 The Key West Heritage House Museum and Robert Frost Cottage also known as the Jessie Porter's Heritage House Museum and Robert Frost Cottage is a museum located at 410 Caroline Street Key West Florida.The museum contains six generations of grand furnishings and Key West artifacts. The Heritage House was the gathering place for some of the island's most famous celebrities such as Robert Frost Tennessee Williams Thornton Wilder Gloria Swanson and Sally Rand.
 Schenley Quadrangle is a cluster of University of Pittsburgh residence halls that is a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark and are contributing properties to the Schenley Farms National Historic District in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.The five residence halls are the former historic Schenley Apartments designed by Henry Hornbostel with collaboration from Rutan & Russell and Eric Fisher Wood for developer Franklin Nicola and were built between 1922 and 1924 at a cost of more than $4.5 million ($62.3 million in 2014 dollars). 
 It is the highest tower of the complex at the World Trade Center San Salvador. It has 20 floors and 99 meters high which also makes it the second highest tower of El Salvador and third of Central America excluding Panama.
 The Whittall Mills is an historic industrial complex off Brussels Street in southern Worcester Massachusetts. The complex which was built between 1870 and 1930 is a reminder of the large carpet manufacturing business that was once a major presence in the city.
 The Allen Temple AME Church in Cincinnati Ohio USA is the mother church of the Third Episcopal District of the African Methodist Episcopal Church. Founded in 1824 it is the oldest AME church in Ohio[citation needed]the oldest operating black church in Cincinnati and the largest church of the Third Episcopal District of the AME Church.
 For other military medical museums see Army Medical MuseumThe National Museum of Health and Medicine (NMHM) is a museum in Silver Spring Maryland near Washington D.C. The museum was founded by U.S. Army Surgeon General William A. Hammond as the Army Medical Museum (AMM) in 1862; it became the NMHM in 1989 and relocated to its present site at the Army's Forest Glen Annex in 2011. An element of the U.S.
 The Lightner Museum is a museum of antiquities mostly American Victorian era pieces housed within a historic Hotel Alcazar building in downtown St. Augustine St. Johns County northeastern Florida. The 1887 Spanish Renaissance Revival style building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The George W. Gordon Farm is a historic home and farm located at Whiteley Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The farmhouse was built in 1879 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It features a one-story three bay porch added about 1920. Also on the property are a number of contributing farm outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Peck House is a historic home located at Chatham in Columbia County New York. It was reconstructed about 1848 and is an imposing 2-story symmetrical five-bay-wide and one-bay-deep dwelling with a substantial 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. It features a three-bay 1-story porch with Doric order columns. The interior features a number of Greek Revival–style details. Also on the property is a brick smoke house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Evans County Courthouse is a historic government building and clock tower located in the city of Claxton Georgia United States the seat of Evans County. The courthouse was built in 1923 and is the home of Evans County's Superior Court and the base of the county's government. On September 18 1980 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Australian Museum is the oldest museum in Australia with an international reputation in the fields of natural history and anthropology. It features collections of vertebrate and invertebrate zoology as well as mineralogy palaeontology and anthropology. Apart from exhibitions the museum is also involved in indigenous studies research and community programs.It is located in College Street Sydney and was originally known as the Colonial Museum or Sydney Museum.
 The Jet Age Museum is the trading name of the Gloucestershire Aviation Collection an all-volunteer charitable organisation dedicated to the preservation of Gloucestershire's aviation heritage. the aviation museum is located on the north side of Gloucestershire Airport between Gloucester and Cheltenham. It houses a number of aircraft aero engines cockpits and other related exhibits.
 The Medford Free Public Library is located in Medford Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. This library was designed by Hans Theodore Liebert (1877-1966).
 The Matsu Folk Culture Museum or Matsu Folk Cultural Artifacts Exhibition Hall (Chinese: 馬祖民俗文物館; pinyin: Mǎzǔ Mínsú Wénwùguǎn) is a museum in Nangan Township Lienchiang County Fujian Province Republic of China (Taiwan).
 The National Taiwan Arts Education Center (Chinese: 國立臺灣藝術教育館; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Yìshù Jiàoyùguǎn) is an educational center in Taipei Botanical Garden Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan.
 The Chapel of St. Joseph is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Rhinecliff Dutchess County New York City. The parish was established as a parish in 1862 but around 1975 it became a mission of Good Shepherd Church (Rhinebeck New York).
 Diocesan House is located in Verulam Road St Albans on the northern side between Church Crescent and Britton Avenue opposite College Street grid reference TL1454007480.It is now known as Verulam House and has also been referred to as the Bishop's Palace.Throughout the Second World War it was used as a maternity hospital and a facility for the training of pupil midwives by the General Lying-In Hospital which had been evacuated from York Road Lambeth (Waterloo) in central London.During the period between September 1939 and June 1946 two thousand babies were born here.The General Lying-In Hospital was re-established at its former Lambeth premises in 1946 after the end of the war.The Registrar of Births Deaths and Marriages of Hertfordshire in the district of St Albans at that time indicated that the place of birth was Diocesan House Verulam Road St Albans Urban District.In 1994 Verulam House St Albans as it was by then again known which had since 1926 been used mainly as a Diocesan Retreat and Conference Centre by the Church of England Diocese of St Albans was sold and a trust fund set up with the proceeds.Since 1996 the House has been the site of the 'Verulam House Nursing and Residential Home'.The House was also known as the Bishop's Palace from 1913 up until 1926. 
 Yarm Methodist Church is a Methodist church in the town of Yarm in the borough of Stockton-on-Tees. It is of an unusual design being octagonal in shape. Built in 1763 John Wesley wrote in his Journal :I preached about noon at Potto and in the evening in the New House at Yarm by far the most elegant in England. A large congregational attended at five in the morning and seemed to be just ripe for the exhortation - Let us go on and perfection.
 The Folk Art Center is a museum of Appalachian arts and crafts located at milepost 382 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Asheville North Carolina.
 The Grand National Theatre of Peru (Spanish: Gran Teatro Nacional del Perú) is a multi-purpose theatre and concert hall in Lima Peru. It is part of the Cultural Tridium flanked by the National Library of Peru and the Museo de la Nación.The theatre has a capacity of up to 1500 people and uses the latest technology in acoustics and sound engineering to support performance genres ranging from opera philharmonic orchestra concerts Broadway shows and more.
 40 Leadenhall Street is a proposed office led development in London that has been approved for construction. It is located within the City of London financial district and is one of a number of new building developments for the area.
 MBK Center also known as Mahboonkrong (Thai: มาบุญครอง) is a large shopping mall in Bangkok Thailand. At eight stories high the center contains around 2000 shops restaurants and service outlets including the 4-story Tokyu department store.The MBK Center management reports daily visitor numbers of more than 100000 half of whom are young Thai people and a third foreign visitors.The MBK Center is popular with tourists although the majority of shoppers are Bangkok residents.
 The Building at 30–34 Station Street is a historic building in Brookline Massachusetts.It was designed by architects Winslow & Wetherell with elements of Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival style and was built in 1892.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Regents Park is a 1026 unit upscale apartment complex in the Indian Village section of the Kenwood community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States and adjacent to the Hyde Park community area border. Bordering Harold Washington Park its two parallel towers are just west of Lake Shore Drive Burnham Park and Lake Michigan with clear park and lake views to the east and south.
 The Old Isle of Wight Courthouse was built in 1750-51 and was used as the main courthouse for Isle of Wight County Virginia until a new courthouse was built at Isle of Wight Virginia in 1800. It is located in the Historic District in the town of Smithfield.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity (German: Dreifaltigkeitskirche) is a Roman Catholic church in Salzburg Austria. It was designed by Johann Baptist Fischer.
 The Chance House and Gardens in Centralia Missouri were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. They were built by Albert Bishop Chance in 1904 in the Queen Anne style. The Garden is open to the public today.
 The Depoe Bay Bridge is one of a series of significant bridges along the Oregon Coast Highway. The concrete arch bridge spans the mouth of Depoe Bay at milepost 127.61 with a 150-foot (46 m) main span and a total length of 312 feet (95 m). The bridge's designer was Conde McCullough who designed all of the 1920s bridges on the highway.
 The Dubai Jewel Tower is a 43-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 190 m (623 ft).
 Kalookan Cathedral known canonically as San Roque Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalookan located near the intersection of 10th Avenue and A. Mabini Street in Caloocan City-South Metro Manila Philippines. Its present Parish Priest and Rector is Rev. Fr. Rafael Gaudioso A. Sustento.
 W. P. Irwin Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Rensselaer in Rensselaer County New York. It was originally built in 1873 and is a 2-story rectangular flat-roofed masonry structure on a stone foundation. A 1 1⁄2-story four-bay flat-roofed brick rear wing was added in 1905. The building exhibits a number of Gothic Revival details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 InterContinental Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港洲際酒店) is an InterContinental hotel in Hong Kong. It is located on 18 Salisbury Road Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon on the former site of Holt's Wharf.
 The John Street House is a historic home that was part of the Underground Railroad. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in Salem Ohio.
 The Cray House is a two-room house in Stevensville Maryland. Built around 1809 it is a rare surviving example of post-and-plank construction and of a build of small house which once dominated the local landscape. For these reasons it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The William Burt House in Beaver Utah was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wheeling Warehouse Historic District is a national historic district located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The district includes 20 contributing buildings and 11 contributing structures. They are warehouses and commercial style buildings and structures between Main Street and the Ohio River. All of the buildings date to the late-19th and early-20th century. The warehouses are mostly two- and three-story masonry buildings.
 Lincoln School was an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It was designated a Rock Island Landmark in 1984 individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and became part of the Broadway Historic District when it was listed on the national register in 1998. It was torn down in 2012.
 The Catherine Ahern Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 215 Cambridge Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a triple decker that predates the popularity of that building type. Built in 1888 it has Italianate design details including a low pitch hipped roof and a decorated porch sheltering the front door. It is unusual in that its long side faces the street.
 The Walker-Ewing Log House in Collier Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania was built circa 1790. It is said that between 1760 and 1790 Gabriel Walker built a log cabin about two miles (3 km) northwest of present-day Rennerdale Pennsylvania.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1976 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1970.
 Church of St. George is the Serbian Orthodox Church located in Čukarica Belgrade in Banovo Brdo and built between 1928 and 1932. The Church was designed by Russian architect Androsov and It is situated on the edge of the hill overlooking the Sava River.
 St Mark's Church (dedicated in full to St Mark the Evangelist) is an Anglican church in the village of Hadlow Down in the district of Wealden one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex. Founded in 1834 by a committed local resident who petitioned the Archbishop of Canterbury for permission to establish a chapel in the poor agricultural village the church proved popular—despite the competing presence of two Nonconformist chapels nearby—and was extended in 1913.
 The Zero Gravity Research Facility at the NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland Ohio is a unique facility designed to perform tests in a reduced gravity environment. It has successfully supported research for the United States manned spacecraft programs and numerous unmanned projects. The facility uses vertical drop tests in a vacuum chamber to investigate the behavior of components systems liquids gases and combustion in such circumstances.
 Kitchell Park is a park which is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. The park is in the city of Pana Illinois located in Christian County. A 40-acre (160000 m2) facility Kitchell is one of the city's main parks. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Santa Maria presso San Satiro is a church of Milan. The church lies on the site of a primitive worship place erected by the archbishop Anspertus in 879 dedicated to Saint Satyrus confessor and brother of Saints Ambrose and Marcellina. The current church was instead built from 1472 to 1482 under commission from Duke Galeazzo Maria Sforza. According to some sources the designer was Donato Bramante who had recently moved from the Marche.
 Sjona Church (Norwegian: Sjona kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Myklebustad. The church is part of the Sjona parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1916 and it seats about 170 people.
 Thanksgiving Point in Lehi Utah is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit farm garden and museum complex that draws upon the natural world to cultivate transformative family learning. The nonprofit organization features the Museum of Ancient Life Farm Country and the Thanksgiving Point Gardens. Other attractions include dining at Harvest and Tower Deli and shopping at Emporium and health and wellness facilities at Brick Canvas.
 Spring House is a historic inn located at Pittsford in Monroe County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2- to 3 1⁄2-story brick building constructed into a hillside that at the time overlooked the Erie Canal. (The canal has long since been rerouted to the south.) The structure dates to 1832 and was built as a health spa located at Monroe Springs a set of sulphur springs. It currently serves as a restaurant on busy Monroe Avenue.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Carpenter Street School is located in Woodbury Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The school was built in 1840 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 21 1997.
 Sofitel Malabo President Palace is a historical 5-star hotel located in the Plaza de la Independencia Centro Historico Zona Presidencial in Malabo Equatorial Guinea. It is located in an elegant Spanish colonial building dated to the 18th century in the heart of the capital in close proximity to administrative buildings.The restaurant named El Basile is run by Adolfo Arcangeli and serves French cuisine.
 Engine Company No. 28 is a former Los Angeles Fire Department fire station on Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles. Built in 1912 the structure served as an operating fire station until it was closed in the 1960s. In the late 1980s it was renovated as a restaurant operating under the name Engine Company No. 28. The restaurant serves food based on recipes from American fire houses. In 1979 the building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Crossing is a Christian church based in Elk River Minnesota that is affiliated with the Minnesota Iowa Baptist Conference. Seven services are offered in three different Minnesotan cities: Elk River Big Lake and Zimmerman. The church is heavily involved in outreach to these communities. Sermons are based on biblical principles and taught in one- to twenty-week topical series on subjects such as who God is following Jesus relationships and finances.
 St Edmund's church is a Parish church in Bury St Edmunds Suffolk. It was founded by the Jesuits in 1763 and the current church was built on that site in 1837. It is situated on Westgate street in the centre of the town. It is administered by the Diocese of East Anglia in its Bury St Edmunds deanery. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Jasper County Courthouse built in 1915 is an historic courthouse located on Russell Street in the city of Ridgeland in Jasper County South Carolina. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed eight other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina.
 Rodney Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Alcorn Mississippi.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 Apache Plaza was a former shopping center located in St. Anthony Minnesota a small suburb of Minneapolis. It opened in 1961 as one of the first enclosed shopping centers in the US and closed in 2004.
 The Thomas Bray Farm is a historic farmstead at 280 Weir Road in Yarmouth Massachusetts. It includes a house that is one of the oldest houses in Yarmouth as well as a number of early 20th century outbuildings located on about 10 acres (4.0 ha) of land adjoining Mill Pond in central Yarmouth. The house construction date has been estimated to be c. 1720 but it is possibly even older.
 St. Paul's Church Carlton-in-the-Willows is a parish church in the Church of England in Carlton Nottinghamshire. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Christian–Patterson Rental Property is a two-story Italianate house built about 1890 in Eugene Oregon. The house was constructed by Daniel Christian as a rental property for his daughter Ethenda. Sarah Patterson another of Christian's daughters purchased the property in 1903. Patterson had married Abram S.
 Munch Museum (Munch-museet) is an art museum in Oslo Norway dedicated to the life and works of the Norwegian artist Edvard Munch.The museum was financed from the profits generated by the Oslo municipal cinemas and opened its doors in 1963 to commemorate what would have been Munch's 100th birthday.
 The New Haven City Hall and County Courthouse is located in the Downtown section of New Haven Connecticut. The city hall building designed by Henry Austin was built in 1861; the old courthouse building now an annex designed by David R. Brown was built in 1871-3. They stand on the east side of the New Haven Green.The pair of buildings was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Elizabeth Bard Memorial Hospital also known as Bard Hospital built in 1902 is an office building in Downtown Ventura California. Featuring covered terraces and a covered porch with a three-story bell tower at the southeast corner the facade is considered a quintessential Mission Revival Style building.
 London Millennium Tower was one of several ideas for the site of the former Baltic Exchange at 30 St Mary Axe City of London that had been destroyed beyond repair by a Provisional IRA bomb blast.Designed by Foster & Partners for then owner Trafalgar House the plan was for the building to be the tallest in Europe and the sixth tallest in the world at that time behind the twin Petronas Towers in Malaysia the Sears Tower (now called the Willis Tower) in Chicago and the twin towers of the World Trade Center in New York. 
 Novotel Saint Petersburg Centre (Russian: Новотель Санкт-Петербург Центр) is a 4-star standardized hotel that operates under the brand Novotel by Accor Group and was opened in 2005. The hotel is located at 3 Mayakovskogo ul. Saint Petersburg Russia. Every room in the hotel has a different shape due to the complicated nature of the building architecture. It is the only hotel in the city centre with its own ground parking lot suitable for tourist buses as well as cars.
 Boreas is a restaurant located in Heeze in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin stars from the period 2002-2009 and two michelinstars from 2010 up until now. GaultMillau awarded them 19.0 points (out of 20) in 2011.Boreas is run by head chef Nico Boreas and is wife and maître Sonja Boreas.The restaurant is member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 South Louisville Reformed Church is a historic church at 1060 Lynnhurst Avenue in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Second Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury is a historic Baptist church building on City Rd. 41 in Roxbury Delaware County New York. It is a 2-story three-by-four-bay wood-frame building constructed in 1832–1833. The interior features a traditional meeting house plan. Also on the property is a small frame outhouse built about 1870 a three step fieldstone carriage step and cemetery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 John David and Jacob Rees House also known as Lefevre Farm is a historic home located at Bunker Hill Berkeley County West Virginia. It is an L shaped log stone and brick dwelling on a stone foundation. It measures 45 feet wide by 70 feet deep and was built in three sections the oldest three bay log section dating to about 1760. The two story three bay rubble stone section is in the Federal style and built in 1791.
 Schwartze Mansion is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a two story five bay brick Greek Revival building constructed in 1845. It features a flat roofline embellished with a deep modillioned cornice above a frieze decorated with recessed panels.
 Saint Joseph Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral de San José) is a Roman Catholic church in Antigua Guatemala Guatemala. The original church was built around 1541 but suffered several earthquakes throughout its history and the first church building was demolished in 1669. The cathedral was rebuilt and consecrated in 1680. By 1743 the cathedral was one of the largest in Central America.
 Pen-Y-Lan Hall is a grade II listed Regency gothic house located near the village of Ruabon in Wrexham County Borough Wales.In 2011 Pen-Y-Lan Hall was the subject of a Channel 4 television documentary presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of her Country House Rescue series.
 The Church of St Clare Liverpool is located on the corner of Arundel Avenue and York Avenue in the Sefton Park area of Liverpool Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool and the Pastoral Area of Liverpool South. It is the only Grade I listed Roman Catholic church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool.
 Sedan Synagogue located on Avenue Philippoteaux Sedan Ardennes Northern France was built by the Jewish community in 1878. Although the Jews were deported during World War II the synagogue survived.
 The Ernest G. Swigert House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago USA. It was designed by Chicago-based architecture firm Pappageorge Haymes Ltd. and is located in the Near South Side community area.
 The Murat Paşa Mosque (Turkish: Murat Paşa Camii) is an Ottoman mosque in the Muratpaşa borough of Antalya Turkey.
 Fort Augusta Adult Correctional Centre formerly Fort Augusta Prison is Jamaica's only prison for women. It was built to accommodate 250 female inmates but has held over 280 on occasions. It has been known to run short of food.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.Fort Augusta was originally an ocean side fortress built by the English in the 1740s to provide the main defence for Kingston Harbour’s west side.
 Northwest Hospital formerly known as Northwest Hospital Center and Baltimore County General Hospital before that is a hospital in Randallstown Maryland (a suburb of Baltimore) owned and operated by LifeBridge. The hospital is full-service with an emergency room and surgical facilities.
 The Edificio Grassy is a building located in Gran Vía 1 in Madrid Spain.
 The Masonic Temple in Salina Kansas is a building from 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Freetown Central Mosque is the largest mosque in Sierra Leone. It is located in the capital Freetown. The chief imam of the Freetown central mosque is Sheikh Ahmad Tejan Sillah[2][3] who is also the spiritual leader of the United Council of Imams in Sierra Leone [4]. The mosque also hosts various Islamic cultural events.Sierra Leone's presidents have traditionally made occasional visit to the mosque and attend Muslim prayers regardles of their religion.
 The Valentine Richmond History Center VRHC originally the Valentine Museum is a museum that opened on November 21 1898 and is dedicated to collecting preserving and interpreting the history of Richmond Virginia USA. Mann S. Valentine Jr. was the museum’s founder.The History Center offers major changing exhibitions which focus on American urban and social history costumes and textiles decorative arts and architecture.
 Hānaiakamalama (The Foster Child of the Moon) or Queen Emma Summer Palace served as a retreat for Queen Emma of Hawaii from 1857 to 1885 as well as for her husband King Kamehameha IV and their son Prince Albert Edward. It is a now a historic landmark museum and tourist site located at 2913 Pali Highway less than a ten-minute drive outside of downtown Honolulu Hawaii. The museum is open daily from 9:00 a.m.
 Arbroath Infirmary is a hospital serving the town of Arbroath and the greater area of Angus Scotland. Arbroath has a population of over 36000 and the greater area served is over 60000. The hospital is situated at the top of Rosemount Road. It is separated into two wings. The Queen Mother wing hosts the maternity accident and emergency minor injuries and isolation units.
 South Road Bridge Northern Central Railway is a historic stone arch railroad bridge in Springfield Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1871. The limestone and brick bridge was built by the Northern Central Railway and crosses the South Branch Codorus Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Big Black River Railroad Bridge is an open-spandrel arch bridge built in 1917 near Bovina Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Richland County Courthouse in Wahpeton North Dakota USA was built in 1912. It was designed by the architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Its exterior is built of Bedford limestone atop rusticated Kettle River sandstone. The front facade features four Corinithian columns. The building has an octagonal limestone tower with windows on all eight sides and a metal-covered dome topped by a ball finial.
 HOSMAT the Hospital for Orthopaedics Sports Medicine Arthritis & Trauma is a 150-bed speciality hospital in central Bangalore India. It also includes Hosmat Joint Replacement Center and Hosmat Neurosciences. It is currently undergoing expansion to 500 beds which would make it the largest speciality hospital of its kind in Asia.Initially known as the 'accident hospital' later it was in the news as a centre for knee transplantation procedures.
 Altamont Hotel is a historic hotel located at Fayetteville Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1897-1898 and is a 2 1/2 story T-shaped brick building on a raised basement. It features a gently sloping hipped roof and wraparound Victorian verandah. In the 1930s it was adapted for apartment use.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Supreme Court Library Building now known as Greenbrier County Library and Museum is a historic library building located at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1834 and is a two story building built of locally fired brick. It was constructed to serve as a law library and study for the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. This was leased to the State of Virginia until the court sessions ended in 1864. During the American Civil War it served as a military hospital.
 The Museum Aristides Carlos Rodrigues is located at Avenue Pereira Rego 1000 in the town of Candelária in the state of Rio Grande do Sul Brazil. It is a museum of Geopark of Paleorrota with information on the region. It was inaugurated in July 2001.
 The Big Well is a large historic water well in Greensburg Kansas United States. It was built in 1887 at a cost of $45000 to provide water for the Santa Fe and Rock Island railroads and it served as the municipal water supply until 1932.It is billed as the world's largest hand-dug well at 109 feet (33 m) deep and 32 feet (9.8 m) in diameter.The Well of Joseph in the Cairo Citadel at 280 feet (85 m) deep and the Pozzo di S. Patrizio (St.
 St Helen's Church is an Anglican church in the village of Churchtown in Lancashire England. Historically it was the parish church of Garstang; today as Garstang is split into more than one ecclesiastical parish St Helen's parish is Garstang St Helen (Churchtown). It is in the Diocese of Blackburn. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage. St Helen's is known as the cathedral of The Fylde.
 The Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre is a convention and exhibition centre in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and part of the Kuala Lumpur City Centre precinct known as KLCC.
 Trinity United Methodist Church is located in Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church which is its previous name.
 St James' Church Stirchley is a redundant Anglican church in Stirchley Shropshire England. Stirchley was formerly a separate village but is now part of the new town of Telford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The churchyard is designated as a Scheduled ancient monument.
 Stelco Tower is the second tallest building in Hamilton Ontario Canada. The 26-storey structure (103 metres/338 feet) was completed in 1973. Originally known as Stelco Tower and now officially known as the 100 King Street West building many Hamiltonians still refer to it as the Stelco Tower.The tower was built as the head office of Stelco Canada's largest steel producer and one of Hamilton's largest employers.
 Alstadhaug Church (Norwegian: Alstadhaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Alstadhaug. The church is part of the Alstadhaug parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church was built during the 12th century (probably around 1180) and has been remodeled several times since then. The present church building seats about 300 people.
 The Masonic Temple and Lodge are two adjacent Masonic buildings in downtown Alameda California. The older Masonic Temple was built from 1890 to 1891. The building was designed in the Victorian Eclectic style and features brick pier which extend above the roof line a tower on the south side of the roof and an arched stone entrance with carved doors. The newer Masonic Lodge a Spanish Renaissance building was constructed in 1927.
 Gothenburg Cathedral (Swedish: Gustavi domkyrka / Göteborgs domkyrka) is a cathedral in Gothenburg the second largest city in Sweden. It is the seat of the bishop of the diocese of Gothenburg in the Church of Sweden.
 The Ethel Apartment House is a historic apartment building at 70 Patton Street in the North End of Springfield Massachusetts. The four story red brick building was built in 1912 for Jacob Blisky a successful local retailer at a cost of $14000. It was designed by Burton Gechler a local architect who designed a number of other apartment blocks during the 1910s. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Westland Mall formerly known as Westfield Westland is a shopping mall in Hialeah Florida.The mall has over 100 stores. The anchors include Macy's J.C. Penney and Sears.Westland mall also includes eateries such as Fuddrucker's Chili's Manchu Wok McDonald's Edy's and more.
 The Walter and Anna Zion Homestead near Idalia Colorado dates from 1910. It includes sod house architecture. The main house a soddy was built in 1910 by Walter Zion and others. The homestead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included eight contributing buildings two other contributing structures and one contributing site in an 1.27-acre (0.51 ha) area.
 Beth Sholom Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located in the Philadelphia suburb of Elkins Park Pennsylvania. It is the only synagogue designed by famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Beth Sholom is Hebrew for House of Peace.The building has been called a startling translucent modernist evocation of an ancient temple transposed to a Philadelphia suburb by Frank Lloyd Wright.In 2007 the building was named a National Historic Landmark: Beth Sholom Synagogue ...
 Hong Kong Adventist Hospital is one of two Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong the other being Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital. It is a private sector hospital and is located on Hong Kong Island.
 St Chad's Church is an Anglican church on Hunter Street in Burton upon Trent Staffordshire England. It is in the diocese of Lichfield and the advowson is vested in the bishop. In 1979 the church was registered as a Grade I listed building.
 The Lyttelton Times Building last known as Base Backpackers in 56 Cathedral Square Christchurch Central City was the last headquarters of the Lyttelton Times before its demise in 1935 as the then oldest newspaper in New Zealand. The building in Chicago School architectural style was registered with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I heritage item with the registration number 7216. The building's last use was as a backpackers' hostel and a restaurant.
 The Oriental Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story multi-family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Tudor Revival style in 1926 it was added to the register in 1992.Constructed by Curtis A. Gardner an engineer and contractor for C.E.
 The Second Congregational Church in New York organized in 1825 was a Unitarian congregation which had three permanent homes in Manhattan the second of which became a theater after they left it. In 1919 the congregation became non-denominational and changed its name to Community Church of New York. The same year its church on 34th Street was damaged by fire.
 From 1863 to 1929 the Hummelstown Brownstone Company (HBC) owned and operated quarries in the Hummelstown Pennsylvania area which produced Hummelstown brownstone once widely used as a building stone throughout the USA. The quarries of the HBC are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Osmund Osmundson House is a historic house in Nerstrand Minnesota United States. The private home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 6 1982. The house is significant for its association with a prominent Rice County pioneer and town founder.
 The Kagawa Museum (香川県立ミュージアム Kagawa Kenritsu Myūjiamu) is a prefectural museum in Takamatsu Japan dedicated to the history and art of Kagawa Prefecture.
 The Davis Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 87.1-foot-long (26.5 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1850. It crosses the North Branch of Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The John Rankin House at 440 Clinton Street at the corner of Carroll Street in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City was built in the Greek Revival style in 1840 at which time it stood by itself surrounded by farmland and overlooking Upper New York Bay.Rankin was a merchant and the mansion one of the finest Greek Revival houses in the city was one of the largest residences in Brooklyn in the 1840s. It is a three-story square brick building on a stone foundation.
 The West Hollywood Gateway is a regional shopping center in West Hollywood California United States.
 Matosavank (Armenian: Մաթոսավանք) is small church hidden in a forested area of Dilijan National Park 3 km northwest from the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It sits in close proximity to the monastery of Jukhtak Vank as well as a nearby cemetery.
 St Michael's Roman Catholic Church Linlithgow is situated in the historic and picturesque town of Linlithgow. The present church is situated at the East end of the town near the Low Port (entrance to the town). It is located beside the banks of Linlithgow loch and close to the old palace where Mary Queen of Scots was born. Next to the palace is the Parish Church of St Michael's the original seat of the Catholic Church prior to the reformation.
 Beallmore also known as the William T. Jr. and June Booher House is a historic mansion located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and is a 2 /2 story brick dwelling with a hipped roof in the Classical Revival style. The brick used is a pressed glazed orange brick. It features a two story tetrastyle portico supported by fluted Corinthian order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Cook County Courthouse in Adel Georgia is a building from 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 IYLO was the commercial name given to a construction project now renamed ISLAND for a residential skyscraper in the London Borough of Croydon London. The slogan used by the clients Phoenix Logistics and E3 Property International is Inspiration For Life. The building once finished will feature 20 floors of apartments and a roof height of 61 metres (200 ft). The tower is elliptical in plan comprising two equal halves which 'slide' past one another.
 The Museum of the Marine is a museum under development in Jacksonville North Carolina home of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune. The museum will provide exhibits on individual Marines Marine units Marine families and support to Marines by local communities.The planned galleries include:Carolinas & the CorpsWorld Warriors Gallery21st Century & Beyond↑ 1.0 1.1
 Rochester Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary is a Norman church in Rochester Medway. The bishopric is the second oldest in England after Canterbury. It is a Grade I listed building (Number 1086423).
 The Anchor Gaslamp was a Christian community in downtown San Diego California. It is missional in intent and incarnational in practice. Since the first gathering on Easter Sunday in 2008 the group has attracted a diverse congregation. They have since moved to East Village and changed their name to New City Church
 The Colonial in Indianapolis Indiana is a complex of buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Clay County Courthouse in Clay Center Nebraska was built in 1917. It was designed by architect William F. Gernandt in Beaux Arts style. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Sibley House Historic Site is the site of Henry Hastings Sibley's home who was the regional manager of the American Fur Company and Minnesota's first governor. It is one of the 26 historical sites that are operated by the Minnesota Historical Society. Located in what is now the city of Mendota the site consists of four limestone buildings and a large lawn area.
 James Armor House is a historic home located near Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone and frame dwelling that was constructed in three major building phases. It consists of a two-story stone rear wing dating to about 1804 a two-and-a-half story vernacular Italianate style stone main block built about 1850 and two-story Colonial Revival style frame wing built in the 1930s.
 Aria Health is a healthcare system in Northeast Philadelphia and Lower Bucks County. It consists of three hospitals and a number of outpatient clinics. Aria Health was formerly called Frankford Health Systems. Aria Health is the 14th largest private employer in the city of Philadelphia. Aria Health has 4025 employees.Aria Health operates several residency training programs for osteopathic physicians (DO). The residencies are accredited by the American Osteopathic Association.
 Liberty Hall is a historic house museum in Crawfordville Taliaferro County Georgia in the eastern Georgia Piedmont. It was the home of Alexander H. Stephens a prominent Georgia political figure who was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives (1843–53) Vice President of the Confederate States of America (1861-65) and after the end of the American Civil War a member of the U.S. House of Representatives again (1873–82) and governor of Georgia (1882-1883).
 The Harding Home in Marion Ohio was the residence of Warren G. Harding twenty-ninth president of the United States. Harding and his future wife Florence designed the Queen Anne Style house in 1890 a year before their marriage. They were married there and lived there for 30 years before his election to the presidency.Like James A. Garfield an earlier U.S. president from Ohio Harding conducted his election campaign mainly from the house's expansive front porch.
 The Edwards Gymnasium/Pfieffer Natatorium on S. Sandusky St. on the main campus of Ohio Wesleyan University was built in 1905. It was a work of J.W. Yost and of Feick & Son.
 St Luke's Church Langold is a parish church in the Church of England in Langold.
 Springleaf Tower (Chinese: 春叶大厦) is a 37-storey 165 m (541 ft) office and residential skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore located on 3 Anson Road and near Prince Edward Road The development is in the zone of Shenton Way and Tanjong Pagar near other skyscrapers such as 8 Shenton Way MAS Building International Plaza and Anson Centre all of which are roughly 100 metres away. It is a Grade A office building.
 Ravenwood Plantation is plantation built in 1850 near Neyles South Carolina in Colleton County South Carolina.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Church of Our Merciful Saviour was established in 1891. The church is located at 473 South 11th Street in Louisville Kentucky's near west end. This historic church was built in the late Gothic Revival style and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Today the church is active member parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Kentucky and serves mostly the African American community.
 Southlake Town Square is a shopping precinct located in the city of Southlake in the U.S. state of Texas. Owned and managed by RPAI Southwest Management LLC. Town Square is regionally known for its high-end boutiques and fine dining.
 The narrow church or oratory of San Gaetano di Thiene is found in the middle of via dei Pispini in Siena Italy.The oratory of the aristocratic Contrada del Nicchio (Sea-shell) was built from 1683-1700 . The simple façade sports a large stucco seashell over the doorway. It houses a 14th-century painting depicting a Madonna and Child with Saints  which is likely the icon of Madonna del Forcone that had been previously venerated at an aedicule where the church stands.
 B'Nai Zion Temple is a historic Jewish temple located in downtown Shreveport Louisiana. It was constructed in 1914 and dedicated in 1915.The Jewish community of Shreveport started off small in the late 1840s. By 1857 a small congregation of Jews had been created. They met in one of the congregant's homes under the leadership of Rabbi Julius Lewin. In 1861 the congregation adopted the name Har-el and started attending services in the home of a local Jewish businessman.
 Edinburgh Central Mosque (officially known as the King Fahd Mosque and Islamic Centre of Edinburgh) is located on Potterrow near the University of Edinburgh central area and the National Museum of Scotland. The mosque and Islamic centre was designed by Basil Al-Bayati and took more than six years to complete at a cost of £3.5m. The main hall can hold over one thousand worshippers with women praying on a balcony overlooking the hall.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church and Cemetery also known as St. Joseph Camp Springs and St. Joseph in the Hills is an historic rural Roman Catholic church and its adjacent cemetery located at 6833 Four Mile Road in Camp Springs in Campbell County Kentucky. It was built in 1864 to serve the predominantly German Four Mile community. On May 16 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fourth Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 318 W. St. Catherine Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Billroth Hospitals is a super speciality hospital chain based in Chennai Tamil Nadu India. It was founded by Dr. V. Jeganathan on 30 November 1990. Billroth Hospital has its branches in Shenoy Nagar R A Puram and Tiruvallur.
 The Alfred Hatch Place at Arcola also known as the Arcola Plantation and locally as the Half-house is a historic plantation house and historic district on the Black Warrior River several miles northwest of Gallion Alabama. It is located on land first settled by Frederic Ravesies in what was once the Vine and Olive Colony town of Arcola founded by French immigrants in the early 19th century. This area of Hale County was part of Marengo County prior to the creation of Hale in 1867.
 The Sarah H. Harding House is a historic duplex house at 6-8 Harding Street in Andover Massachusetts. It was built in 1846 for Sarah Harding a single woman who belonged to the locally notable Harding family (for whom Harding Street is named). She had the Greek Revival duplex built to provide housing for single women of modest means at a time when such housing was relatively uncommon.
 Tynnelsö Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Holmen Church (Holmen Kirke) is a church located in Prestfoss Sigdal municipality Buskerud county Norway.Holmen Church is the principal church for Sigdal municipality. The cruciform church which seats 750 was constructed of wood. It was dedicated in 1853 by Jens Lauritz Arup Bishop of Oslo. The closing hymn was written by the resident chaplain to Sigdal Jørgen Moe later Bishop in the Diocese of Agder.
 The Poolesville Historic District is a national historic district located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland.
 Stemshaug Church (Norwegian: Stemshaug kirke) is a parish church in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stemshaug. The church is part of the Stemshaug parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The red wooden church was built in 1908 by the architect Hans Jakob Sparre. The church seats about 300 people.
 The Cabanon de vacances is a vacation home designed and built by noted architect Le Corbusier in 1951. It is the only place the architect Le Corbusier built for himself which he used for vacation.
 Robert Davis Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse located near Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story five bay single pile wood frame building with asbestos siding. It has a gable roof with a cross gable and lancet window. Also on the property are two contributing log corn cribs.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Pakistan Museum of Natural History established in 1976 is a public museum of natural history situated in Islamabad the federal capital of Pakistan. It has exhibits and galleries which display and provide information about the ecology geology and palaeontology of the country. Currently the museum houses a collection of over 300000 objects. The museum also acts as research center and works closely with the Lok Virsa Museum.
 Military Road is a central thoroughfare located in Omaha Nebraska. A segment of the road located at the junction of West 82nd and Fort Streets was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. Today Military Road which begins at Nebraska Highway 64 as Nebraska Highway L-28K ends at Bennington Road near North 204th Street (Nebraska Highway 31).
 Note: the name is frequently given as Château de La Cassagne. The name employed here is as used by the French Ministry of Culture.The Château de Lacassagne is a castle in the commune of Saint-Avit-Frandat in the Gers département of France.The Château de Lacassagne is thought to date from the latter half of the 15th century with additions and alterations made in every century until the 19th.
 The Cecil Hotel in Downtown Los Angeles (640 S. Main Street) is a budget hotel with 600 guest rooms (originally 700). Constructed in 1927 the hotel was intended for business travelers but in the 1950s it gained a reputation as a residence for transients. A portion of the hotel was refurbished in 2007 after new owners took over.The Hotel is known for several suicides and its criminal activity which includes three murders.
 Springfield Union Station in Springfield Illinois is a former train station and now part of the complex of buildings that together form the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located at 500 East Madison Street (5th & Madison) in downtown Springfield adjacent to the Lincoln Presidential Library.
 Connecticut Connection is a high-rise building located at 1101 Connecticut Avenue NW in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. The building rises to 150 feet (46 m) and contains 12 floors. Its construction was completed in 1978. The architect of the building was Skidmore Owings & Merrill who created the postmodern design of the building.
 Kossuth Street School is located in Haledon Passaic County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Burgruine Grünburg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Stonehenge also known as Stone Cottage or High House is a historic summer estate house on Windmill Hill Road in Dublin New Hampshire. The 2-1/2 story shingle style house was built in 1889 by F. W. Stevens for Martha Parsons the daughter of a wealthy Boston merchant and was the first in a series of summer properties built in the area by the Parsons family. The house features massive fieldstone chimneys fully shingled upper stories and eyebrow dormers in the rear roof.
 Carrefour Richelieu is a regional shopping mall in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Quebec Canada. It opened in 1980 and was enlarged in 1989. It has 115 stores and its floor area is 455035 sq ft (42274.1 m2).
 The Chapel of St. Paul is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Staatsburg Dutchess County New York. It was established in 1887.
 The Michigan Bell and Western Electric Warehouse is a former commercial warehouse building located at 882 Oakman Boulevard (also numbered as 14300 Woodrow Wilson) in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. It is now known as the NSO Bell Building.
 Santa Cruz de Cangas de Onís is a small Roman Catholic chapel in Cangas de Onís the first capital of the Kingdom of Asturias in what is now northern Spain. It was founded on an artificial mound (a pagan dolmen) by Favila second king of Asturias and his queen Froiliuba.
 Edgar Allan Poe School is a historic school building located in the Girard Estate neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCoursey Richards and built in 1913-1914. It is a four-story five bay brick and limestone building on a raised basement in the Tudor Revival-style. It features a three-bay projecting center section with an arched limestone entrance decorative panels and a parapet with battlement cuts.
 Reid-Woods House is a Mediterranean Revival house located at 373 Whitfield Avenue in the Whitfield Estates subdivision in the southern part of Manatee County Florida. Built in 1926 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Sakuma Rail Park (佐久間レールパーク Sakuma Rēru Pāku) was an open-air railway museum located next to Chūbu-Tenryū Station on the Iida Line in Hamamatsu Shizuoka Japan. It was operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central) and was opened on 21 April 1991. The museum closed on 1 November 2009 in preparation for the move to a new SCMaglev and Railway Park in Nagoya in 2011.
 Calle 25 de Enero (25th of January street) is a street and historic Victorian village located in barrio Segundo in Ponce Puerto Rico built to house Ponce's volunteer firemen and their families after the historic fire that took place in the city on 25 January 1899 in appreciation for their labor on that fateful day.This picturesque street is lined with 39 red-striped and black-striped houses the local firefighters’ colors.
 Fort Miller Reformed Church Complex is a historic church on Fort Miller Road west of US 4 and south of Galusha Island and located at Fort Edward in Washington County New York. The church was built in 1816 and has a two story clapboard sided sanctuary and four story bell tower in the Federal style. A two story rear wing was added in 1896 and also attached is a carriage and horse shed dated to about 1818-1822. Included in the complex is a parsonage (ca. 1845) custodian / tenant house (ca.
 The Achenbach House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1757 by Johan George Achenbach and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 18 1979. The house was the home of Larry Blyden and Carol Haney in the 1960s. It was owned (but never occupied) by travel pioneer Mario Perillo until his death in 2003 and subsequently passed on to a trust in his son Stephen Perillo's name who is the present owner.
 Fowler Newsam Hall is a Grade II listed group of Victorian school buildings. Originally the Saint Ann's Junior Mixed School they become dilapidated during the nineteen sixties. They were refurbished by Rackham Construction in 1978/9 using in part a grant of £345000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund and reopened on 1 July 1979.
 The Smithsonian Institution (/smɪθˈsoʊniən/ smith-SOE-nee-ən) established in 1846 for the increase and diffusion of knowledge is a group of museums and research centers administered by the United States government. Originally organized as the United States National Museum that name ceased to exist as an administrative entity in 1967.Termed the nation's atticfor its eclectic holdings of 137 million items the Institution's Washington D.C.
 Hopkins Presbyterian Church (also known as Hopkins Methodist Church) is a historic church building near the junction of CR 66 and CR 86 in Hopkins South Carolina.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Beni Israel Cemetery also known as Cemetery Beni Israel is an historic Jewish cemetery located at 1301 E. 2100 Road in Eudora Douglas County Kansas. It was founded in 1858 by German Jews who were a part of the German Immigrant Settlement Company from Chicago that had founded Eudora in 1856. One year-old Isaac Cohn who died September 5 1858 was the first person buried in the cemetery.
 Rideau Centre (Centre Rideau in French) is a three-level shopping centre on Rideau Street in Downtown Ottawa Ontario Canada. It borders on Rideau Street (and the Byward Market) the Rideau Canal the Mackenzie King Bridge and Nicholas Street.
 The Erie County Jail is a historic Stick/Eastlake building located on Adams Street in Sandusky Ohio. It was built from 1882 to 1883 by the firm of Adam Feick & Brother which consisted of Adam Philip and George Feick. The structure was designed to have 26 cells and a sheriff's residence. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building is now part of the Sandusky Library.
 The Daniel House is a historic home located at 2701 Woodson Drive in Knoxville Tennessee. It was designed in 1948–1949 by James W. Fitzgibbon and constructed by George W. Qualls.The structure was uniquely built into a hillside from salvaged Quonset hut structural supports. The Daniels sold it to Neal Cantrell in 1961. Cantrell died in 1970 and his family let the property deteriorate. In 1982 architect Peter Calandruccio bought it for $37000 and began renovation.
 The Roslyn Cemetery is located on Route 25A (Northern Boulevard) in the town of Greenvale Nassau County New York. It is owned by the Roslyn Presbyterian Church which is located within the Village of Roslyn. The Roslyn Cemetery is a product of the Rural Cemetery Act of which one of the many intents was to move burial grounds away from the local church and community as well as to design the grounds in a park like setting.
 The Land Titles Building was a federal government office built in Edmonton in 1893. It later became the Victoria Armoury and was used by three Edmonton regiments.
 The Rahr West Art Museum is an art museum on U.S. Route 10 in Manitowoc Wisconsin. It is located in the Joseph Vilas Jr. House which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is a significant example of Queen Anne Style architecture.
 City Hall originally known as Boy's High School is a historic city hall located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 as the high school for boys and converted to use as a city hall in 1928. It is a three-story with basement granite and gray brick building in the Beaux Arts style. It features terra cotta decorative elements and measures 210 feet by 201 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sons of Jacob Synagogue is an historic synagogue at 24 Douglas Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1906 by Harry Marshak and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Lent Cottage is a historic apartment house built as a cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It was built about 1920 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame side-gabled structure with two hipped-roofed wings extending from the principal facade. It is in the Colonial Revival style. Each two bedroom apartment features a 9 feet by 13 feet cure porch and the property includes a flagstone patio.
 The Vine Church is an Independent Christian church located in Hong Kong based within the Wanchai district. The Vine church was featured in Religion & Ethics as one of the key churches in leveraging Hong Kong as a gateway to evangelism in China.The Vine band is notable for the upbeat rock worship music they play and have recently gone on tour through Southeast Asia.
 Pasqua Hospital is a public hospital at 4101 Dewdney Avenue in Regina Saskatchewan. Originally established as the Grey Nuns Hospital by the Grey Nuns. The hospital is operated by the Regina Qu'Appelle Health Region.From 1948-1958 the hospital also housed the Provincial Laboratory.
 The Federal Correctional Institution La Tuna (FCI La Tuna) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Anthony Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. A satellite prison camp located 30 miles from the facility houses minimum-security inmates.FCI La Tuna is located on the Texas-New Mexico border 12 miles north of El Paso Texas.
 Restaurant De Acht Zaligheden is a former restaurant located in Eersel in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1983-1995.In the time of the Michelin stars Henk van Tuyl was the owner and head chef His predecessor as owner and chef was Leon Ribbens active in 1972.In 1979 while digging under the restaurant to create a new wine cellar labourers found an old cesspool. In it they found some ceramics.
 Tazmamart (Arabic: تازمامارت‎) was a secret prison in south-eastern Morocco in the Atlas Mountains holding political prisoners. The prison became a symbol of oppression in the political history of contemporary Morocco. It is located near the city of Er-Rich between Errachida and Midelt. It was managed by commandant Feddoul and Hamidou Laanigri both Royal Moroccan Gendarmerie officials.
 Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki is the principal public gallery in Auckland New Zealand and has the most extensive collection of national and international art in New Zealand.
 Vecauce Manor (Latvian: Vecauces muižas pils German: Schloss Alt-Autz) also called Auce Manor is a manor house near the town of Auce in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia. Designed by Friedrich August Stüler for Count Karl von Medem the construction began in 1839 and was completed in 1843.
 Lexington House is a historic hotel located at Lexington in Greene County New York. It was built about 1883 as a middle class resort and is large three story frame building arranged in a modified L shaped configuration. It features Italianate and Eastlake design elements. Also on the property is a former ice house (ca. 1900) wagon house (ca. 1883) River Theater (ca. 1887) and shed (ca. 1900).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Cathedral of Kohima (Mary Help of Christians Church) is the church of the bishop of the diocese of Kohima and hence the main church of this diocese of Nagaland India. The church is noted for its architecture which incorporates many elements of traditional Naga houses including its facade which resembles that of a Naga house. The architecture of the cathedral blends into the hill on which it is situated.
 Jericho Farm is a historic home located near Kingsville Baltimore County Maryland United States near historic Jerusalem Mill Village. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed stone dwelling overlooking the Little Gunpowder Falls.
 HistoryMiami formerly known as the Historical Museum of Southern Florida is a museum located in Miami Florida USA specializing in the history of southeastern Florida including Greater Miami the Florida Keys and the Everglades. HistoryMiami programs include exhibitions city tours education research collections and publications on the importance of the past in shaping Miami's future. HistoryMiami's Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums as it has been since 1979.
 The Majdanek State Museum (Polish: Państwowe Muzeum na Majdanku) is a memorial museum and education centre founded in the fall of 1944 on the grounds of the Majdanek concentration camp located in Lublin Poland. It was the first museum of its kind in the world devoted entirely to the memory of atrocities committed in the network of slave-labor camps and subcamps of KL Lublin during World War II. The museum performs several tasks including scholarly research into the Holocaust in Poland.
 Bayhorse is a ghost town in Custer County Idaho United States founded in 1877. After a new gold mine failed silver was discovered in the area and a mine was started. Bayhorse was originally established by the silver mine.[citation needed]In 1976 the entire community was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The town property was purchased by the state in 2006 and opened to the public in 2009 as part of the Land of the Yankee Fork State Park.
 Raj Mandir Cinema is a famous movie theater in Jaipur in Rajasthan state in India. Situated on the Bhagwan Das Road near M.I. Road the meringue-shaped auditorium opened in 1976 and over the years has seen many movie premieres of Hindi films and has become a popular symbol of Jaipur it is often referred as the Pride of Asia.
 The Tour Oxygène (Oxygen Tower in English) is a skyscraper which rises 28 levels in the district of La Part-Dieu in the 3rd arrondissement of Lyon France. It forms part of the Oxygen Project which includes the office tower and a shopping center the Cours Oxygène. The tower rises 115 meters high.This zone is served by the metro line B
 The Murdock School also known as Old Murdock High School is a Romanesque building in Winchendon Massachusetts that was built in 1887. It was designed by architect Henry M. Francis. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1988 for its architecture.
 Cathay Cineleisure Orchard (Chinese: 国泰乌节电影娱乐城) is an urban mall located at 8 Grange Road Singapore. The building is managed by Cathay Organisation under its subsidiary company of Cathay Cineleisure International.
 Franklin and Armfield Office now known as Freedom House was started in 1828 by Isaac Franklin and John Armfield. The office was known to have been the largest slave trading firm in the antebellum south. At its height in the 1830s the firm transported between 1000 and 1200 slaves from Alexandria to New Orleans each year. It then closed in 1836 and was sold several times to George Kephart Price Birch and Company and Solomon Stover.
 The AT&T Building is a historic building located at the corner of Pine and Third Streets in Kingman Arizona. The building was built in 1930 by contractors Mead & Mount. Architects Fisher & Fisher designed the building in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. Built in a residential area the building is still used by AT&T. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Pebble Hill also known as the Scott-Yarbrough House is an antebellum cottage in Auburn Alabama listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It currently serves as the location of the Caroline Marshall Draughon Center for the Arts & Humanities in the College of Liberal Arts at Auburn University.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad Depot is a former Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad depot in Montevideo Minnesota United States. It is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The depot is now the Milwaukee Road Heritage Center a railroad museum that focuses on interpreting the history of the Milwaukee Road as it influenced Montevideo in the late 19th century through the 1980s.
 Henry Weaver Farmstead is a historic home located at East Earl Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The house is a large 2 1/2-story L-shaped limestone building with a steeply pitched gable roof. The roof is sheathed in tile laid in a side lap. It was built in at least two stages with the oldest section dated to about 1761. Also on the property are a contributing stone smokehouse and stone barn built in 1764.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Combined Military Hospital Rawalpindi is a tertiary care military hospital in Rawalpindi. It is headed by an army medical corps doctor of Major General rank.
 The Mason County Courthouse is in Mason County Michigan. It is in the town of Ludington in Michigan's Lower Peninsula.
 Lewes Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building located at 100 Kings Highway in Lewes Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1832 as a frame meeting house measuring 45 feet by 37 feet. In 1869 the church was renovated to add a number of a Gothic Revival style features and the addition of a chancel with Gothic windows. In 1886-1887 the tower and belfry were added and two massive Corinthian order columns were added to the interior.
 Thai Nguyen National General Hospital (TCGH) established in 1951 has been the first Northern mountainous and midland hospital in Vietnam. The hospital provides 800 beds
 First United Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 309 Lyon Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan.The original church building was constructed in 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. That building was destroyed by fire in 2000 and rebuilt 2002. As of 2012 the congregation is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
 The Stamford Main Post Office also known as US Post Office–Stamford Main was built in 1916.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The building is prominent being in view of the Connecticut Turnpike and it is unusual in its Italianate style of architecture.The post office was considered for resale and demolition in 2013. A federal judge ruled against the plan which may set a precedent to help preservationists save post offices nationwide.
 Frederick Apartments is a well preserved Classical Revival-style apartment building in downtown Columbia Missouri across the street from the University of Missouri. Constructed in 1928 with 39 apartments the building has functioned as originally intended since that time. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 under architectural criteria.
 Elmwood Historic District is a historic district bounded by Whitemarsh Moore Daboll Mawney and Ontario Streets and Congress Lexington Atlantic and Adelaide Avenues in Providence Rhode Island.The district was built in the late nineteenth century predominantly featuring revivals and Victorian houses and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 McKenzie-Willamette Medical Center is an acute care hospital located in Springfield Oregon United States. Opened in 1955 it serves the Lane County area. McKenzie-Willamette is investor-owned and accredited by The Joint Commission. Licensed for 114 hospital beds the facility was the only hospital in Springfield until the Sacred Heart facility at RiverBend opened in August 2008.
 Guangzhou International Finance Centre or Guangzhou West Tower is a 103-storey 438.6 m (1439 ft) skyscraper at Zhujiang Avenue West in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou Guangdong China. The building was topped out at the end of 2008.[citation needed] It is a part of the Guangzhou Twin Towers.Construction of the building designed by Wilkinson Eyre broke ground in December 2005 and was completed in 2010. The building is used as a conference centre hotel and office building.
 Bohemian National Cemetery (Czech: Český národní hřbitov) is a cemetery at 5255 North Pulaski Road on the north side of Chicago Illinois.
 The Rawhide Buttes Stage Station the Running Water Stage Station and the Cheyenne-Black Hills Stage Route comprise a historic district that commemorates the stage coach route between Cheyenne Wyoming and Deadwood South Dakota. The route operated from 1876 to 1887 when it was replaced by a railroad.The Rawhide Buttes station was demolished in 1973 after having functioned as a ranch headquarters.
 The Salem YMCA is a historic YMCA building at 284-296 Essex Street in Salem Massachusetts. Its large building is an anchor of the western end of Salem's business district of which Essex Street is a major component and is one of the finest Classical Revival buildings in Salem. The Salem YMCA was first organized in 1858 and it commissioned the construction of this building in 1898. The three story brick and limestone building was designed by Walter J.
 Setauket Presbyterian Church and Burial Ground also known as First Presbyterian Church of Brookhaven is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery at 5 Caroline Avenue in the Village of Setauket Suffolk County New York. The church was built in 1812 in the Federal style and is a three-by-five-bay heavy timber framed 38-by-40-foot (12 by 12 m) building sheathed in wood shingles and covered by a gable roof. The center bay features an 11-by-8-foot (3.4 by 2.4 m) bell tower / narthex.
 The Oddfellows Building is a historic Odd Fellows building at Central Square in Stoneham Massachusetts.The Second Empire style building was constructed in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.
 AT&T Midtown Center I (formerly known as BellSouth Center and Southern Bell Center) is a 206.4 m (677 ft) 47-story skyscraper in Midtown Atlanta Georgia. Completed in 1982 it serves as the regional headquarters of BellSouth Telecommunications which does business as AT&T Southeast and was acquired as part of AT&T's acquisition of BellSouth. BellSouth Corporate headquarters was located in the Campanile building also in Midtown.
 The General Post Office (GPO; Irish: Ard-Oifig an Phoist) in Dublin is the headquarters of the Irish Post Office An Post and Dublin's principal post office. Sited in the centre of O'Connell Street the city's main thoroughfare it is one of Ireland's most famous buildings and was the last of the great Georgian public buildings erected in the capital.
 Ar-Rahman Mosque (Arabic: جامع الرحمن) is a contemporary mosque in Aleppo Syria located on King Faisal Street. It was opened in 1978 and features a combined style of the early Umayyad architecture and modern mosques. It has a large central dome surrounded with 2 high and 4 shorter rectangular minarets. The external walls of the mosque are decorated with stones in the form of traditional Quran pages inscribed with some verses from the Ar-Rahman sura.
 Miracle Marketplace is a shopping mall in Miami United States which opened in March 1989. It is located at 3301 Coral Way (S.W. 22 Street) just a few blocks east of Douglas Road (S.W. 37 Avenue) east of Coral Gables.
 The Walter Curtis House is a historic residence in far southern Washington County Ohio United States. Located south of Little Hocking a community in southern Belpre Township the house is a two-story structure constructed in 1827. Built of brick with elements of stone it was the home of local politician Walter Curtis.
 Redwood Memorial Hospital is a community hospital in Rhymney which has twenty-one General Practitioner beds two of which are used to provide a respite service. The hospital was renamed in 1947 in honour of Dr R V Action Redwood who was the surgeon there for 43 years.
 The Charles E. Loose House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. The house was individually nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 but was not listed due to owner objection. It later was included as a contributing property in the Provo East Central Historic District.
 Keeper's House at Williamsbridge Reservoir is a historic home located in the Borough of the Bronx in New York City. It was built in 1889 as part of the Williamsbridge Reservoir complex. It is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped stone house. The stones used to build the house were pieces of granite taken from the excavation of the reservoir it was to serve.
 The Bowman Hotel is a historic three story brick hotel building located in Pendleton Oregon United States. It was built in 1906. The hotel was built by Purl Bowman (1862–1939) part of a prominent pioneer family in Pendleton. The family lived near lower Birch Creek Oregon. Bowman was a successful farmer and wool producer. He bought the hotel property in 1900 of a house on the site burned down. His cousin Walter S. Bowman was a prominent professional photographer in Pendleton.
 Horomayr Monastery (Armenian: Հոռոմայրի վանք) is a monastic complex in the Lori Province of Armenia. The monastery is built on the cliffs 1 km south of the village of Odzun.It is easiest to get to Odzun from Alaverdi via the town's public transport.To get to the site the visitor may climb up from the highway along the Debed River or hike south across the cliffs from the last switchback to Odzun.
 Holy Communion Episcopal Parish located in Ashe County North Carolina is a small parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina. The parish consists of two small historic Carpenter Gothic churches that are both decorated with frescoes done by internationally renowned painter Ben Long and his students.
 The Pier Shops at Caesars is a luxury shopping mall located on a four-story pier adjacent to Caesars in Atlantic City New Jersey. It is connected to the casino via a second-story skybridge. Constructed by Perini Building Company of Framingham MA it was opened in 1906 as an amusement pier named the Million Dollar Pier.
 First Christian Church (Lampton Baptist Church) is a historic church at 850 S. 4th Street in Louisville Kentucky.The Beaux Arts building was designed by McDonald & Dodd and built in 1910. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Grand Forks Near Southside Historic District is a 182-acre (74 ha) historic district in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2004.Many of the district's subdivisions were platted in 1878 in anticipation of railroad construction. Development was spurred by the arrival of the Great Northern Railroad in 1880 and a branch line of the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1885.
 The Museum of Tropical Queensland (abbreviated MTQ) is a museum of natural history archaeology and history located in Townsville Queensland Australia. It is located in the same complex as the Reef HQ Aquarium. MTQ is a member of the Queensland Museum Campus Network.
 Dennis Shopping Center is a shopping mall in Zhengzhou Henan province in the People's Republic of China. It was the first shopping center in Zhengzhou to combine both a supermarket and shopping mall.The Center was built in 1995 and is owned by the Taiwan YuDong group. The Dennis department store was opened on RenMin Road on 16 November 1997[citation needed] and on 27 June 1998 the first Hypermart was opened.
 The Coral Gables City Hall is a historic site in Coral Gables Florida. It is located at 405 Biltmore Way. On July 24 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The city hall was built in the Mediterranean Revival architectural style. It was completed in 1928. Phineas Paist and Harold Steward were the architects; Denman Fink was the artistic advisor.
 The Gang House also known as the Gang Residence is a historic home in Syracuse New York designed by Ward Wellington Ward. It was built in 1914 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house is gabled and has a complex facade. It is brick-clad on the first floor exterior and stuccoed above.Currently the house is operated as a bed and breakfast.The nearby Chapman House was also designed by Ward.
 Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital was started and is led by the Mary Free Bed Guild of Grand Rapids MI. This hospital is currently an 80-bed non-profit organization that provides rehabilitation for people of all ages.
 The Oulu Museum of Art (OMA) is an art museum in Myllytulli neighbourhood in Oulu.The museum was opened for public in October 12 1963. The first premises were in the so-called Kolmiotalo in the city centre. From the beginning the museum has focused mainly on the art of northern Finnish artists.The older section of the museum building is a former office and glue factory of the Veljekset Åström Oy leather factories.
 The City of New York has been served by two Roman Catholic parishes which were established under the patronage of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary. In the Archdiocese of New York the Church of the Sacred Hearts of Mary and Jesus was a former Roman Catholic parish church primarily serving Italian-Americans that has been demolished.
 Southwark Priory its medieval use is not to be confused with smaller Southwick Priory both of which were pilgrimage sites in EnglandSouthwark (Br [ˈsʌðɨk]) Cathedral or The Cathedral and Collegiate Church of St Saviour and St Mary Overie Southwark London lies on the south bank of the River Thames close to London Bridge. It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church on Poplar Street in Elizabethtown Kentucky.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 HMP Greenock is a prison located in Greenock Scotland and serving designated courts in western Scotland by holding male prisoners (both adult and under 21s) on remand and short-term convicted prisoners. It provides a national facility for selected prisoners serving 12 years or over affording them the opportunity for progression towards release. It also accommodates a small number of prisoners for a range of management and operational reasons.
 The Alfred E. Smith House was the home of four time New York State governor Alfred E. Smith from 1907 to 1923It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Burgruine Weidenburg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Cyrus Broadwell House is a registered historic building near Newtown Ohio listed in the National Register on May 29 1975.
 The John Shastid House is located in the Pike County Illinois city of Pittsfield. The Shastid House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places a status bestowed upon the home on June 26 2003. The house is now owned by the Pike County Historical Society which provides tours by appointment.
 Board of Extension of the Methodist Episcopal Church South (Methodist Center Building) is a historic building at 1115 S. 4th Street in Louisville Kentucky.The building was constructed in 1915 in a Classical Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Teatro Colón (Spanish) (Colón Theatre) is the main opera house in Buenos Aires Argentina. It is ranked the third best opera house in the world by National Geographic and is acoustically considered to be amongst the five best concert venues in the world. The other venues are Berlin's Konzerthaus Vienna's Musikverein the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam and Boston's Symphony Hall.The present Colón replaced an original theatre which opened in 1857.
 Porta Macedonia (Macedonian: Порта Македонија) is a triumphal arch located on Pella Square in Skopje Macedonia. Construction started in 2011 and was completed in January 2012. The arch is 21 meters in height and cost EUR 4.4 million.
 Comerica Bank Tower (formerly Momentum Place Bank One Center and Chase Center) is a 60-story postmodern skyscraper located at 1717 Main Street in the Main Street District in downtown Dallas Texas . Standing at a structural height of 787 feet (240 m) it is the third tallest skyscraper in the city of Dallas.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral Church of St David also known as St David's Cathedral Cardiff is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city centre of Cardiff Wales and is the centre of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff. Located in Charles Street the Cathedral remains the focal point for Catholic life in Cardiff and the country as a whole. It is one of only three Roman Catholic Cathedrals in the UK which is associated with a choir school.
 The Walter K. Foster House is a historic house at 57 Central Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1870 it is one of three surviving Italianate side hall entry houses in Stoneham. Notable features include paneled pilasters on the corners and ornate decorative brackets above them. The doorway is also topped by a heavy decorated hood. Walter K.
 IBC Tower is a skyscraper in the IBC building complex in Bockenheim district of Frankfurt Germany. At 30-storeys and 112 m (367 ft) it is considerably the taller than the other two buildings named IBC Tower A and IBC Tower B which are both ten storeys.The IBC was built by Deutsche Bank on a design by architect Kohler and was completed in 2003.
 Britt Place is located in Glenmora Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1980.
 The Frederick and Grace Greenwood House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was designed by architect Jamieson K. Parker.
 The Cox-Hord House is a three story brick structure in Maysville Kentucky designed by Cincinnati architect Edwin Anderson and built in 1880 at a cost of $49000. The architectural style is eclectic with elements of Victorian Gothic Italianate and Victorian Romanesque. It is considered an excellent example of the Mauve Decade (1880–1890) due to the use of the finest materials and superb workmanship.
 Fast Castle is the ruined remains of a coastal fortress in Berwickshire south-east Scotland in the Scottish Borders. It lies 4 miles (6.4 km) north west of the village of Coldingham and just outside of the St Abb's Head National Nature Reserve run by the National Trust for Scotland. The site is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 Jōzai-ji (常在寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Nichiren sect in Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. Its formal name is Shūrinzan Jōzai-ji (鷲林山常在寺). Starting with Saitō Dōsan Jōzai-ji served as the family temple for the Saitō family for three generations which included his son Saitō Yoshitatsu and his grandson Saitō Tokugen. Also it has been designated as a nationally Important Cultural Property as it contains pictures of both Dōsan and Yoshitatsu.
 Grand Forks Woolen Mills is a building located on the corner of Third Avenue North and North Third Street in Grand Forks North Dakota designed by architect John W. Ross. A three-story construction approximately 50 feet (15 m) by 100 feet (30 m) in size it is recorded as being built in 1895.
 Philip Eames House is a historic house at 88 Stone House Road in Washington Massachusetts near the junction with Summit Hill Road. Described as Washington's most imposing 19th century residence it is located in a rural area. It was built in 1843 in a style featuring both Federalist and Greek Revival details. The house is 2.5 stories and five bays wide with brick chimneys at each of the gable ends.
 Canwell Priory was a medieval monastic house in Staffordshire England.
 Lihiwai was the residence of Territorial Governor George R. Carter in Honolulu Hawaii. It was designed by the architects Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue and Hardie Phillip built in 1927-29 listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and its boundaries increased in 1987. Goodhue came to Honolulu from New York to design not just this home but also the Honolulu Museum of Art on the site of the former home of Anna Rice Cooke.
 Croydon Central Library is Croydon's main public library located inside the Croydon Clocktower in Croydon south London. It is owned by the London Borough of Croydon on behalf of Croydon Council. The library is located on four floors inside the Clocktower. On Level 0 there is the customer service desk and the level includes a large children's library. It was the third-most-used in the UK in 2010.
 The Fidelity Building is a 15-story 67 m (220 ft) skyscraper in Baltimore Maryland completed in 1893. The building's architectural style is Romanesque Revival. The building used steel constrcution with granite facing. The original roof had French dormers and a tower. The building is used for business by Fidelity. The building originally contained eight floors however between 1912 and 1915 seven more floors were added to the building increasing the number of floors to fifteen.
 St. Anne's Church (Lithuanian: Šv. Onos bažnyčia) is a Roman Catholic church in Vilnius' Old Town on the right bank of the Vilnia River. It is a prominent example of both Flamboyant Gothic and Brick Gothic styles. St. Anne's is a prominent landmark in the Old Town of Vilnius that enabled the district to be included in the list of UNESCO World Heritage sites.
 The Holy Trinity Episcopal Church was a historic church currently located at 50 West Strawbridge Avenue Melbourne Florida United States. It is the oldest established church of any denomination in the city.
 St Fethlimidh's Cathedral Kilmore is one of two cathedral churches in the Diocese of Kilmore Elphin and Ardagh (the other is St John the Baptist Cathedral Sligo) in the Church of Ireland. It is situated in the parish of Kilmore located about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) south-west of the county town of Cavan.The cathedral stands on an elevated wooded site adjacent to Lough Oughter. One of its more interesting feature is the 12th century Romanesque doorway built into the outside wall of the vestry.
 Novotel Hong Kong Nathan Road Kowloon (Chinese: 香港九龍諾富特酒店) is a 4-star hotel in Kowloon Hong Kong. Formerly known as the Majestic Hotel the hotel reopened in April 2008 following a HK$188 million (approx US$24 million) refurbishment programme upgraded to 4-star and rebranded as a Novotel. The hotel is managed by the hotel group Accor.
 St Ebbe's is a Church of England parish church in central Oxford. The church has a conservative evangelical tradition and participates in the Anglican Reform movement. It has members from many nations many of whom are students at Oxford University.
 The Bolshaya Bronnaya Synagogue (Russian: Московская Синагога на Большой Бронной улице) is a Russian synagogue located at 6 Bolshaya Bronnaya Street in Moscow.The synagogue was built as a private synagogue by pre-revolutionary millionaire Lazar Solomonovich Polyakov.
 Healy House Museum was the Leadville Colorado home built by city father August R. Meyer for his bride Emma. For some time it was operated as a boarding house; two of the boarders were Dan Healy and his cousin Nellie.Currently it is a Colorado State Historic Site and is operated as a Victorian era museum by the state under History Colorado together with Dexter Cabin.
 The Nicollet County Courthouse and Jail is an historic governmental building located at 501 South Minnesota Avenue in St. Peter Minnesota United States. It was designed in mixed Romanesque and Queen Anne styles of architecture by noted St. Paul architects Edward P. Bassford and E. W. Stebbins. Construction started and was completed in 1881 at a cost of $26638. Bohn and Wilce of Winona were the builders. Minor extensions and additions were made in 1917 and 1967.
 Capernwray Chapel is in the village of Capernwray Over Kellet Lancashire England. Formerly the chapel to Capernwray Hall it is now an independent Evangelical chapel. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Salem Diner is a historic diner at 701⁄2 Loring Avenue in Salem Massachusetts. It is one of two Sterling Streamliner diners left in Massachusetts and still stands at its original location. Designated car #4106 it was also one of the last made by the Sterling Company before it closed its doors in 1942. The diner body features a wood frame and porcelain enamel exterior. It has a metal hipped barrel roof and its eastern end features a characteristic shovel nose.
 Our Lady of the Candelaria Cathedral or (Spanish) Catedral Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria is the cathedral for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mayagüez located in the eastern end of the Colón Main Square facing the town hall in Mayagüez Puerto Rico.
 Southern Ohio Medical Center (or SOMC) is a 222-bed 501(C)(3) not-for-profit hospital in Portsmouth Ohio providing emergency and surgical care as well as a wide range of other health care services. SOMC employs 2200 full time employees and part time employees has a medical staff of more than 140 physicians and specialists and is supported by approximately 800 regular volunteers.In 2013 SOMC ranked 29th on FORTUNE Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For.
 The Casartelli Building built in 1760 was a grade II* listed building at the meeting of Hanover Street and Duke Street Liverpool England. It has now been replaced with a replica.
 The Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea Wallasey is in Wheatland Lane Seacombe Wallasey Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the diocese of Shrewsbury and its parish is combined with that of St Joseph Wallasey. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Congregation Emanu-El of San Francisco California is one of the two oldest Jewish congregations in California.During the Gold Rush in 1849 a small group of Jews held the first High Holy Days services on the west coast of the United States in San Francisco. This group of traders and merchants founded Congregation Emanu-El sometime in 1850 and its charter was issued in April 1851. The 16 signatories were mostly German Jews from Bavaria.
 Russell Common is a historic row house at 2—10 Park Terrace in Arlington Massachusetts. It is located just northeast of the center of town behind the retail stores on Massachusetts Avenue. It is accessible from the municipal lot behind the Jefferson Cutter House (entries from Mystic St. and Medford St.) The 2.5 story building is a rare example of a multiunit Shingle style building and was designed by the locally prominent firm of Gay & Proctor.
 The E. Sybbill Banks House is a historic house at 27 Appleton Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1892 for E. Sybbill Banks the spinster daughter of Nathaniel Prentice Banks. It is an excellent local example of vernacular Queen Anne styling with clapboard and cut shingle sheating and an elaborately decorated wraparound porch.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Cortana Mall (formerly The Mall at Cortana) is a mid-tier shopping mall in Baton Rouge Louisiana and is at the intersection of Airline Hwy. and Florida Blvd. Opening in 1976 it was one of the top 10 largest malls in the world. It is currently owned by Moonbeam Equities of Las Vegas NV and managed by The Woodmont Company.It is currently one of Baton Rouge's two regional malls the other was the nearby former Bon Marche Mall which closed in 1998.
 Hambye abbey is a Benedictine medieval monastery located in the countryside of Normandy. It lies in the valley of Sienne in a rural preserved environment. Today it is on the territory of the municipality of Hambye.
 First Presbyterian Church of Whitefish is a historic Presbyterian church at 301 Central Avenue in Whitefish Montana.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Mill Creek Town Center is a lifestyle center in Mill Creek Washington. It has 88 shops restaurants and services and is located along the Bothell-Everett Highway.
 Great Synagogue of Warsaw - the non-existent at present largest synagogue in Warsaw located on Tłomackie street. The synagogue was a symbol of Reformed Judaism in Central Europe and was one of the greatest Polish buildings built in the nineteenth century. At the time of its opening it was the largest synagogue in the world.
 Price's Mill also known as Calliham’s (Callaham’s) Mill Stone’s Mill and Park's Mill is a water-powered gristmill about 2 mi (3 km) east of the town of Parksville on South Carolina Highway 33-138 (Price's Mill Road) at Stevens Creek in McCormick County. Its name in the USGS Geographic Names Information System is Prices Mill. It was built in the 1890s and was named to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22 1972.
 Hale Farm and Village is a historic property of the Western Reserve Historical Society in Bath Township Summit County Ohio United States. It is within the boundaries of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Hale Farm was the original homestead of Jonathan Hale a Connecticut farmer who migrated to the Western Reserve in 1810. In 1973 Hale Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Jonathan Hale Homestead. The Hale House was built in 1825.
 Three Wells Fargo Center is a 450 feet (137 m) tall building in Charlotte North Carolina. Completed in 2000 the skyscraper has 32 floors and 890000 square feet (83000 m2) of office space. It is the 7th tallest building in Charlotte.Prior to the First Union-Wachovia merger this building was called Three First Union Center.In December 2010 the building was renamed Three Wells Fargo Center.
 The house at 527 Pine Street Kingman Arizona is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built in 1917. The home is of the style of the Bungalow/Craftsman. The house was built with native stone. This home was built for Mr. Elliott’s nephew. The home was considered an upper class. The nephew was very civic minded. During World War II the home was used as the Jewish Religious Center for the Jewish Personnel of Kingman Army Air Field.
 Edgewood Yacht Club is an historic yacht club in Cranston Rhode Island at 3 Shaw Avenue.The Edgewood Yacht Club was originally founded in 1889 and incorporated in 1902. A fire in 1908 destroyed the original building and the structure was rebuilt that same year. The club was constructed by Murphy Hindle & Wright in 1908 in a shingle style.
 Cleveland Hall was a meeting hall in Cleveland Street London that was a center of the British secularist movement between 1861 and 1878 and that was then used for various purposes before becoming a Methodist meeting hall.
 Eye Priory was a Benedictine Priory dedicated to St Peter in the town of Eye in the UK county of Suffolk. It was founded by Robert Malet circa 1080 and originally an Alien Priory dependent on the Abbey of Bernay in Normandy. It became independent in 1385 by charter of Richard II when it could support only 3 -4 monks.
 Methodist Church of Marshall is a historic church off OK 74 in Marshall Oklahoma.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Eagle Nest Dam is a dam just east of the town of Eagle Nest New Mexico on U.S. Route 64. The dam is on the Cimarron River and it is responsible for Eagle Nest Lake.In 1907 two wealthy ranchers Frank Springer and Charles Springer were granted a water permit (New Mexico Permit #71) to impound the water of the Cimarron River for irrigation by building a dam. Construction of the dam began in 1918 and continued until 1920. The dam is 140 feet (43 m) high and 400 feet (120 m) wide.
 The House on the Rock originally opened in 1959 is a complex of architecturally unique rooms streets gardens and shops designed by Alex Jordan Jr. It is located north of Dodgeville a city in Iowa County south of Spring Green Wisconsin and is a regional tourist attraction.
 The Robert F. and Elizabeth Clark House located in Baker City Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Musée d'art moderne et d'art contemporain also known as MAMAC is a museum dedicated to modern art and contemporary art. It opened on 21 June 1990 in Nice France.
 The Independence Hall of Korea (Korean: 독립기념관; Dongnip kinyeomgwan) is a Korean history museum in Cheonan South Korea. Opened on August 15 1987 it has the largest exhibition facility in South Korea with a total floor area of 23424 m². The museum focuses on the independence movements of the Japanese colonial period; however the first exhibition hall The Hall of National Heritage is dedicated to the period ranging from prehistoric times to the Joseon Dynasty.
 Decorah Ice Cave State Preserve has one of the largest glacières (ice caves) in the Midwestern United States. It consists of a 3-acre (1.2 ha) parcel of land at the edge of Barbara Barnhart VanPeenen Memorial Park in the northern portion of the city of Decorah in Winnesheik County Iowa.Ice caves are one characteristic of karst topography along with sinkholes and cave systems all of which are present in the area a portion of the Driftless Area of Iowa.
 The Mobile Museum of Art is an art museum located in Mobile Alabama. It features extensive art collections from the Southern United States the Americas Europe and non-western art. The museum is host to exhibition programs which range from historical to contemporary and features an array of diverse educational programs.
 The Detroit-Leland Hotel is a historic hotel located at 400 Bagley Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The ballroom of the Detroit-Leland has hosted a nightclub the City Club since 1983. The hotel is now named The Leland.
 Not to be confused with Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City.Paseo Reforma (Reform Mall) is a regional 425174 ft² (39500 m²) indoor mall located in Nuevo Laredo Tamaulipas Mexico south in the city's retail district. The new shopping mall was built from 2007-2008 and was opened in May of 2008 the project costed $90 million. This mall is the first of its kind in Nuevo Laredo. Latin American Realty is the developer and manager of this mall.
 The P. Robinson Fur Cutting Company is located in Danbury Connecticut. Also known as the Oil Mill Road building it was built in 1884 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 30 1982.
 Long Cane Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church is a historic Reformed Presbyterian church of the Associate Synod of the South (A.R.P.) within McCormick County South Carolina four miles west of Troy South Carolina on SC 33-36. Adjacent to the church building is a cemetery dating to circa 1790. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Okayama Symphony Hall (岡山シンフォニーホール Okayama Shinfonī Hōlu) is a concert hall in Okayama Okayama Japan. It opened in 1991 and seats 2001. Yoshinobu Ashihara was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 The R.E. Hoy No. 1 Oil Well was constructed by the Sinclair Oil & Refining Corporation in September 1916. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. Milton C. Garber and his brother Bert Garber hired geologist Dorsey Hager to determine potential drilling locations on their properties. The Garber brothers contracted Harry F. Sinclair to construct a well on R. E. Hoy's farm (NE corner Section 25 T22N R4WGarfield County).
 The Trump Hotel Las Vegas is a 64-story luxury hotel condominium and timeshare located on Fashion Show Drive near Las Vegas Boulevard just off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada named for famed real estate developer Donald Trump. It is located across the street from Wynn Las Vegas on 3.46 acres (14000 m2) near the Fashion Show Mall and features both non-residential hotel condominiums and residential condominiums. The exterior windows are gilded with 24-carat gold.
 INTEGRIS Baptist Medical Center in Oklahoma City Oklahoma USAis a 511-bed hospital founded in 1959. INTEGRIS Baptist Medical Center offers surgical diagnostic therapeutic and rehabilitative services.
 De Fuik is a restaurant located in Aalst in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2008-2011.GaultMillau did not award the restaurant any points but retained it in its Guide. The restaurant has lost its rating due to the new owner/head chef coming in.Owner and head chef of De Fuik is Marco Poldervaart.
 Wycombe General Hospital is located in High Wycombe Buckinghamshire. It is one of three hospitals in the Buckinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust the other two being Stoke Mandeville Hospital and Amersham Hospital. On September 25th 2006 Wycombe Hospital was one of the first hospitals to change their patient administration system to the National Programme for IT's Care Records Service.
 The Rucellai Sepulchre is a small funerary chapel built inside the Rucellai Chapel of the church of San Pancrazio Florence. It was commissioned by Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai and built to designs by Leon Battista Alberti in imitation or emulation of the Holy Sepulchre in the Anastasis in Jerusalem. It contains the tombs of Giovanni Rucellai and members of his family.
 Richardson's Tavern is a historic Erie Canal inn and tavern located in the hamlet of Bushnell's Basin in Perinton Monroe County New York. Believed to be the only remaining establishment from the canal's earliest years it dates to about 1818 when it was a stop on the stage coach route along the Irondequoit Valley and Irondequoit Creek between Rochester and Canandaigua. Several expansions occurred during the 19th century.
 Unitarian-Universalist Church is a historic church at 20 Forest Street in Stamford Connecticut.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was covered in a Multiple Property Submission study of Downtown Stamford Ecclesiastical Complexes.
 Beit Jabad is a synagogue in Montevideo Uruguay.This synagogue belongs to the Chabad movement. It is located in the neighbourhood of Pocitos.
 First Baptist Church (or Brattle Square Church) is a historic Baptist church established in 1665 making it one of the oldest Baptist churches in the United States. It first met secretly on Noddle's Island and then in the North End of Boston Massachusetts. Since 1882 it has been located at the corner of Commonwealth Avenue and Clarendon Street in the Back Bay.
 The Gatehouse on Deerhill Road is located on that street in the village of Cornwall on Hudson New York United States. It is a one-and-a-half-story stucco building in the Norman style with a tiled roof and three-story tower with balcony. The east facade has an entrance pavilion.It was originally intended to be part of an estate with a large mansion but that was never built. Eventually a smaller home was built by the Pagenstecher family when they purchased the property in the 1920s.
 The Calpine Center is a 453 ft (138m) tall postmodern skyscraper in Downtown Houston Texas. The building has 33 floors of Class A office space. It is the 30th tallest building in the city.[citation needed] The building has the world headquarters of Calpine Corporation. Hines and Prime Asset Management jointly developed the building. The Houston office of HOK designed the building and Turner Construction acted as the general contractor. It is connected to the downtown tunnel system.
 The Milwaukee Public Museum (MPM) is a natural and human history museum located in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin USA. The museum was chartered in 1882 and opened to the public in 1884; it is a not-for-profit organization operated by the Milwaukee Public Museum Inc. MPM has three floors of exhibits and the first IMAX Theater in Wisconsin. Admission is free to residents of Milwaukee County on the first Thursday of every month and to Milwaukee County jurors at all times.
 Airedale General Hospital is an NHS district General Hospital based in Steeton with Eastburn West Yorkshire England and is operated by the Airedale NHS Foundation Trust. Airedale was founded in 1970 and officially opened by the Prince of Wales.The hospital covers a wide area including Keighley Skipton Yorkshire Dales and parts of the North York Moors.The hospital has links for Neurosurgical emergencies with Leeds General Infirmary.
 The Uşak Museum of Archaeology (Turkish: Uşak Arkeoloji Müzesi) is an archaeological museum in Uşak in western Turkey. Founded on May 23 1970 the museum is best known for its exhibitions of Karun treasure.In the museum items are on exhibition like sculptures pitchers with beaklike spout and stone axes from the Bronze Age earthen dishes and glassware from the Hellenistic and Ancient Roman Period stelae from the nearby Roman ancient ruin site of Blaundus.
 The James P. Johnson House is a building and property in Thompsons Station Tennessee that dates from 1854 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Laurel Hill.It includes Greek Revival and Central passage plan and other architecture.According to a 1988 study the house is notable for its association with the Laurel Hill Stock Farm a famous livestock farm of the 19th century.
 Tietgenkollegiet (English: Tietgen Student Hall) named for Danish financier C. F. Tietgen (1829-1891) is a student residence built in new district Ørestad close to the centre of Copenhagen.The building has a conspicuous circular shape inspired by traditional southern Chinese Hakka architecture and is designed by Danish architects Lundgaard & Tranberg in 2006. The design has won it a RIBA European Award.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church and Rectory are located in downtown Rochester New York. St. Mary's Parish was created in 1834 as Rochester's second Roman Catholic parish after St. Patrick's Parish.The cornerstone of the church was blessed 18 September 1853 by Bishop of Buffalo John Timon (the Diocese of Rochester was not formed until 1868). The building was dedicated with Timon presiding on 24 October 1858.
 The Chapman House also known as the Chapman Residence in Syracuse New York was built in 1912. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It shows Colonial Revival and Arts and Crafts elements and is located at the corner of Danforth and Park two blocks from North Salina Street.The nearby Gang House was also designed by Ward.
 The James Stephen Hoover and Elizabeth Borland Memorial Chapel is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 for its architectural significance.
 Cluett Peabody & Company Inc. once headquartered in Troy New York was a longtime manufacturer of shirts detachable shirt cuffs and collars and related apparel. It is best known for its Arrow brand collars and shirts and the related Arrow Collar Man advertisements (1905–1931). It dates with a different name from the mid-nineteenth century and was absorbed by Westpoint Pepperell in the 1980s.
 St Mary's Church Wavertree is in North Drive Wavertree Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Cordelia Lutheran Church was dedicated by Pastor Peter Carlson on December 15 1883 and is the oldest Lutheran building in the state of Idaho The church was built on property given by Andrew Olson in the Lenville Idaho area to serve the Swedish Lutheran families in the area. In 1920 the building ceased to be used for regular church services.
 The Bell Inn is a Grade II listed public house in Nottingham England. Dating from around 1437 it claims along with Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem Inn and Ye Olde Salutation Inn to be the oldest in the city.
 First Canadian Place is a skyscraper in the financial district of Toronto Ontario at the northwest corner of King and Bay streets and is the location of the Toronto operational head office of the Bank of Montreal. At 298 m (978 ft) it is Canada's tallest skyscraper and the 15th tallest building in North America to structural top (spires) and 9th highest to the roof top and the 95th tallest in the world.
 US Post Office-Malone is a historic post office building located at Malone in Franklin County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1934 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Classical Revival style and is three stories in height with a five-bay two-story entrance pavilion one-story side wings and a two-story rear wing.
 George House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built between 1895 and 1902 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay square building with a modern 1-story one- by three-bay rear addition. The foundation and first floor are of Chaumont limestone with second floor verandah and decorative detailing in wood. It follows an American Foursquare plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Serdang Hospital is a government-funded multi-specialty hospital located in the district of Sepang in the state of Selangor Malaysia. This hospital is located near Putrajaya the Malaysian federal government administrative centre. The location of the hospital borders the South Klang Valley Expressway (SKVE) to the east and the medical faculty of Universiti Putra Malaysia to the west. It is clearly seen from the North-South Expressway at the Kajang Interchange.
 John Borland House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay wood-frame structure with a gable roof. It was constructed between 1818 and 1828 in a vernacular Federal style. It has a 1 1⁄2-story ell attached to the south side that exhibits Greek Revival details. In 1937 Stuyvesant Fish donated the house to the village for use as a community center.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Oldham Parish Church of St. Mary with St. Peter is the Church of England parish church for Oldham in Greater Manchester England. It forms part of the Diocese of Manchester and is one of several Grade II* listed buildings in Greater Manchester.A church building had existed on the site since 1280. During this time a small chapel stood on the site to serve the local townships of Oldham Chadderton Royton and Crompton.
 UC Davis Medical Center formerly known as Sacramento Medical Center is a major academic health center located in Sacramento California. It is owned and operated by the University of California as part of its University of California Davis campus. The medical center sits on a sprawling 142-acre (57 ha) campus (often referred to as the Sacramento Campus to distinguish it from the main campus in nearby Davis) located between the Elmhurst Tahoe Park and Oak Park residential neighborhoods.
 The First National Center formerly known as First National Bank Building is a prominent skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City. The art deco tower is 446 feet (136 m) tall at the roof and is 493 feet (150 m) at its spire and contains 33 floors. The building was constructed in 1931 by the First National Bank and Trust Company of Oklahoma City and has 990000 square feet (92000 m2) of office space.
 Logan Regional Hospital is a 148-bed general hospital located in Logan Utah. It is owned by Intermountain Healthcare. The hospital serves Cache Valley including Cache County Utah and Franklin County Idaho and western Wyoming.
 Mid-Hudson Islamic Association (Masjid Al-Noor Arabicمسجد النور) is a Masjid and Islamic Association located in Wappingers Falls New York United States.
 Hanoi Garden is a restaurant in Hanoi Vietnam. It serves Southern Vietnamese cuisine and spicy Chinese dishes and is popular with the local Vietnamese. The restaurant has seating for about 100 people.The Vietnam Economic Times has praised its variety of dishes saying You can't fault the Hanoi Garden in this respect at least. Its bill of fare has page after page of Vietnamese dishes.
 The Grange consists of three attached grade II listed buildings in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is in the historic St James Street neighbourhood within the medieval town walls. The Grange was originally built by Captain Charles Philipps at the site of a former farm house. It was the residence of the Kane family and later the Windsor family. The buildings also served as a preparatory school one of the schools of the Haberdashers' Company until 2009.
 SunTrust Plaza is a 265 m (869 ft) 60-story skyscraper in downtown Atlanta. Built as part of the Peachtree Center complex construction was finished in 1992 and has been the second-tallest building in Atlanta since then. When completed it was the 28th tallest building in the world and 21st tallest building in the United States. It is the headquarters for Atlanta's World Trade Center.
 The Issac Watson House is the headquarters of the New Jersey State Society of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR). It is located just outside the state capital of Trenton in Hamilton Township Mercer County New Jersey United States situated on a bluff overlooking Watson’s Creek and the Abbott Farm National Historic Landmark in John A.
 Lucas-Johnston House (also known as Augustus Lucas House) is an historic colonial house at 40 Division Street in downtown Newport Rhode Island.The Lucas-Johnston House was built around 1712-1713. It was the home to French Huguenot settler Augustus Lucas a slave trader and attorney and later his grandson Augustus Johnston who was a Tory who served as Rhode Island Attorney General and is the namesake of Johnston Rhode Island.
 St. Bartholomew's Church Nottingham was a Church of England church in Nottingham on Blue Bell Hill Road between 1902 and 1971.
 The Lassen Hotel in Wichita Kansas also known as Market Centre was built in 1918. It was designed by architects Richards McCarty & Bulford. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.In 1986 the building was fully renovated from the Lassen Hotel to an office building.
 Holy Trinity Church Trinity Rise in the Tulse Hill area of the London Borough of Lambeth is a Grade II Listed Building
 Windsor Atlântica Hotel formerly Le Méridien Copacabana is a 110-metre 37-storey skyscraper hotel in the Leme neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It is the tallest building on Copacabana Beach. It originally opened in 1976. In 2007 Starwood Hotels and Resorts sold the building to Iberostar Hotels & Resorts which started a renovation of the building in the same year that was abandoned in 2008. In 2009 it was sold again to Windsor Hotels for around R$170 million.
 The Business Women's Club is a building located on Muhammad Ali Boulevard in Downtown Louisville Kentucky. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 7 2008.It was co-founded by Jennie Benedict in 1899.
 The Château de Villefranche is a castle and stately home in the commune of Villeneuve-lès-Bouloc in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Originally built in the 16th century it was transformed in the 18th and 19th centuries.Seat of the joint lord of Villeneuve-lès-Bouloc the castle is a grand house from the end of the 16th century redeveloped in line with contemporary taste in the 18th and 19th centuries.
 Tiago Mall is a large shopping mall located in Oradea Romania developed by Irish company Mivan Group. It is the first mall in Romania that went bankrupt in May 2010 before opening.The center was to include around 150 stores and a multiplex with eight screens. The complex has a floor area of 46600 square metres (501598 sq ft) and 1000 parking spaces.
 Union Square is an important and historic intersection in Manhattan in New York City New York located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue – came together in the early 19th century; its name celebrates neither the Federal union of the United States nor labor unions but rather denotes that here was the union of the two principal thoroughfares of the island.Today Union Square Park is bounded by 14th Street on the south Union Square West on the west side 17th Street on the north and on the east Union Square East which links together Broadway and Park Avenue South to Fourth Avenue and the continuation of Broadway. 
 The Assumption Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Adormirea Maicii Domnului) is a church in Zalău Romania built by the Greek-Catholic community between 1930 to 1934.
 The Royal Marines Museum is located in Eastney (Portsmouth) England and is open to the public throughout the year. A registered charity it is also a designated service museum under the terms of the National Heritage Act 1983 and receives Grant-in-Aid from the Ministry of Defence (MoD). During 2011 it formally became part of the National Museum of the Royal Navy an executive non-departmental public body of the MoD.
 The Paul Londershausen House in Dayton Oregon United States was built in 1921. It is also known as the Walters Residence and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is one block away from the Gottlieb Londershausen House. Both houses were listed on the NRHP with the same name Londerhausen House in 1987.
 The Hubschraubermuseum Bückeburg (Bückeburg Helicopter Museum) is located in the German town of Bückeburg 30 miles (50 km) to the west of Hannover. The museum is the sole museum in Germany specialising in rotary-wing flight and one of few worldwide. The museum is dedicated to the history and technology of the helicopter.
 Short's Hotel also known as the Palace Hotel is a historic hotel located at North East Erie County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877 and is a three-story five bay by nine bay brick building in the Italianate style. It features double-hung windows with semi-circular or segmental arch heads and a three-part entabulature at the top of the building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Calvin Coolidge Tower also known as Coolidge Hall is a skyscraper in Amherst Massachusetts that is built in the modernist style. It is named after former state governor and President of the United States Calvin Coolidge. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. When was built it was known as the Southwest (North) Dormitory I. The building is also among the five top tallest dorms at the university and the Umass system.
 The First Free Will Baptist Church and Vestry (also known Miss Perkins' High School and Holderness Academy) are an historic Free Will Baptist Church complex at 13-15 North Main Street in Ashland New Hampshire. The complex consists of three buildings: the brick church building which was built in 1834; the old vestry a brick building standing near the street which was built c.
 The Dat So La Lee House which is located at 331 W. Proctor St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was a home of Dat So La Lee (1861?-1925) a woman who also was known as Louisa Keyser who was a well-known Washoe Indian basket weaver.
 Park and Tilford Building is a historic commercial building located in Harlem New York New York. It was built in 1908 and is a three story unreinforced masonry building with a full basement in the Classical Revival style. It features exterior decoration in white marble limestone and terra cotta. It originally housed a Park & Tilford grocery store on the first floor with offices above.
 Providence Strict Baptist Chapel is a former Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Burgess Hill in Mid Sussex one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. Founded in 1875 by two prominent residents of the town at a time when Protestant Nonconformism was well established in Sussex the chapel continued in religious use for over a century until it was sold for conversion to a family home in 1999.
 Congregation Agudas Achim is a Conservative synagogue in Austin Texas.Agudas Achim (Community of Brothers) was founded in 1914 by a group of Orthodox Jews who met for prayer in private homes. It was chartered in 1924 and occupied leased space before erecting a brick synagogue at 909 San Jacinto. The Agudas Achim Cemetery in Austin Memorial Park on Hancock Road was purchased in 1933.
 The Belleville Jail (or Gaol) located in Belleville Ontario Canada was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial sentencing transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities immigration hearings or deportation and less frequently those serving short sentences (under 90 days).
 St Werburgh's Church Chester is located in Grosvenor Park Road Chester Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Plaza Centenário is a skyscraper in the city of São Paulo located in United Nations Avenue where there was also the construction of several commercial buildings of high standard.The Centennial Plaza building shell metal and glass is a monument of modern and future. Its 32 floors and 139 meters in height that is given prominence in a region with other major constructions.
 The Holt Hotel is an historic hotel near Steeple Aston Oxfordshire England. It is on the corner of the crossroads between the A4260 Oxford Road and the B4030 about 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Steeple Aston opposite a fuel station. It was founded in 1475 as a coaching inn with six rooms and now has 86 rooms. Its restaurant has been awarded a AA Rosette for quality cuisine.The current building dates from about 1800 and the six gables at the front were added in 1938.
 Saddle Rock Grist Mill is a historic grist mill building located in Saddle Rock a village in the town of North Hempstead in Nassau County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed structure. Adjacent is a stream-fed millpond that is supplemented by tidal water impounded by the dam. It dates to the 18th century and is the only extant operating tidal grist mill on Long Island.
 Oliver Rice House is a historic home located at Mayfield in Fulton County New York. The main section was built about 1810 and is a large 2-story five-bay center-chimney frame dwelling enlarged and expanded in three phases through 1936. A small 1 1⁄2-story wing constructed about 1790 was moved and appended to this house sometime between about 1810 and 1847.
 The Paramount Theatre also known as the Paramount Arts Center opened in Aurora Illinois in 1931. It was designed by Rapp and Rapp in the Art Deco style with Venetian elements. Over the years it has hosted films plays musicals concerts comedy shows and other acts. The structure was restored in the 1970s and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is part of the Stolp Island Historic District.
 Old Gray Cemetery is the second-oldest cemetery in Knoxville Tennessee United States. Established in 1850 the 13.47-acre (5.45 ha) cemetery contains the graves of some of Knoxville's most influential citizens ranging from politicians and soldiers to artists and activists. The cemetery is also noted for the Victorian era marble sculpture and elaborate carvings adorning many of the grave markers and headstones. In 1996 the cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gran Estación shopping mall is located in the Ciudad Salitre in Bogotá Colombia. It opened its doors on December 1 2006. The mall is the fourth biggest mall in Colombia and is also one of the biggest in South America.The mall opened its doors on December 1 2006 elaborate architecture spanning more than 160 thousand square meters including delivery to the city access roads and a public square of 12 thousand square meters.
 Le Caudan Waterfront is a commercial development in Mauritius. It includes shops banking facilities casinoscinemas restaurants a marina and a five star hotel (Le Labourdonnais).
 The Potter County Courthouse is the primary government building of Potter County Pennsylvania United States. Located in the Coudersport Historic District in the Potter county seat of Coudersport it was added the National Register of Historic Places on February 24 1975. The courthouse is a Greek Revival structure with some Victorian elements blended into it.
 Darby Plantation was built by Nathaniel Lipscomb Griffith the father of Anne Patience Griffith at the time of her marriage to Edgefield lawyer Milledge Luke Bonham. It has a deep wraparound porch supported by twelve columns. The main rooms are twenty feet by twenty feet with twelve foot ceilings and the house is built of pine. When Bonham returned from the United States' war with Mexico he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.
 The Seven Arches Hotel (formerly the Jerusalem Inter-Continental Hotel) is a hotel in East Jerusalem in the Arab neighborhood of A-Tur on the Mount of Olives. The hotel overlooks the Jewish cemetery that covers the slopes of the mountain.
 Originally the city block at 310 East Springfield Ave. in Champaign Illinois had been occupied by the area's first hospital. The establishment of the Burnham City Hospital was proposed in 1935 the same year as the Champaign City Building. Under the Public Works Administration program which was established as part of the New Deal of 1933 during President Franklin D.
 Smith's Pharmacy is a historic commercial building located at Newport News Virginia. It is a two-story brick building. The first floor was built in 1946 to house the pharmacy with the second floor being added in 1952 to serve as office space. The interior of the first floor remains virtually unaltered with the original pharmaceutical retail space counters soda fountain and wooden booths. It was the pharmacy of Dr.
 Mikla is a refined contemporary restaurant in Istanbul known for its “New Anatolian Kitchen.” Opened in October 2005 Mikla is on the top two floors of The Marmara Pera Hotel located in the historic Pera region with its outstanding view of Istanbul including a birdseye view of the historical peninsula the Golden Horn and the Bosphorus.
 St Dunstan's Stepney is an Anglican Church which stands on a site which has been used for Christian worship for over a thousand years. It is located in Stepney High Street in Stepney London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
 Marlinton Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Station was a historic railway station and bunkhouse located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. They were built in 1901 by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. The station was a frame rectangular one-story building measuring 76 feet by 16 feet and used for both passengers and freight. The bunkhouse is a one-story frame building measuring 24 feet by 16 feet.
 Fife House is a Grade I listed building in Kemp Town Brighton United Kingdom which was previously owned by the Duke of Devonshire and the Duke of Fife; it is not to be confused with the former Fife House Whitehall in London.
 The original campus of Centenary College of Louisiana is located in Jackson Louisiana. It is operated and preserved as a museum by the Louisiana Office of State Parks as the Centenary State Historic Site offering educational interpretive programs and guided tours.
 The S Bridge derives its name from its sharply-curving approaches. Built in 1828 the single-arch stone bridge on Bridgewater Road carried the National Road and is one of four S bridges in Guernsey County Ohio.The bridge is approximately 185 feet (56 m) long including approaches.
 The Borough Welsh Congregational Chapel (Welsh: Capel-y-Boro) is the mother chapel of the Welsh Congregational church in London England. It is located at 90 Southwark Bridge Road in Southwark a district also known as The Borough.The roots of the congregation date back to 1774. There has been a Welsh chapel on the current site since 1806 although the present building dates from 1870.
 The Copley Society of art is America's oldest non-profit art association. It was founded in 1879 by the first graduating class of the School of the Museum of Fine Arts and continues to play an important role in promoting its member artists and the visual arts in Boston. The Society is named after the renowned John Singleton Copley.
 King of Donair (KOD) is a restaurant chain founded in the early 1970s in Halifax Nova Scotia. The first store was on Quinpool Road and serviced a broad clientele into the early morning hours when at the time only a limited number of eating establishments were open. KOD serves a wide range of food including the Halifax (or Maritime) donair the super donair (sometimes served open-faced with cheese) pizza (including donair pizza) poutine and the taco sub.
 St Mary's Old Church St Mary's is a parish church in the Church of England located in Old Town on St Mary's Isles of Scilly Cornwall United Kingdom.
 The Natural History Museum at Tring was the private museum of Lionel Walter 2nd Baron Rothschild; today it is under the control of the Natural History Museum. It houses one of the finest collections of stuffed mammals birds reptiles and insects in the United Kingdom.
 The King Store and Homestead Museums are located on 209 and 211 Main Street in the Ledgewood section of Roxbury Township in Morris County New Jersey United States. The Roxbury Historic Trust acts as curator for these Roxbury Township owned buildings. They were purchased by the Township with Green Acres funding.
 Hempstead House or the Gould-Guggenheim Estate is a large estate located in Sands Point New York (or more specifically Sands Point Preserve).
 The Argonaut Building renamed in 2009 the A. Alfred Taubman Center for Design Education (originally the Argonaut or General Motors Research Laboratory) is a large office building located at 485 West Milwaukee Avenue in the New Center area of Detroit Michigan across the street from Cadillac Place. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Indiana World War Memorial Plaza is an urban feature located in Indianapolis Indiana United States originally built to honor the veterans of World War I. The five-city-block plaza was conceived in 1919 as a location for the national headquarters of the American Legion and a memorial to the state's and nation's veterans. At the north end of the plaza is the American Legion Mall which is the site of the administration buildings of the Legion as well as a memorial cenotaph.
 Lum's Mill House also known as the Clement House Samuel Davies House and Lum House is a historic home located at Lums Pond State Park Kirkwood New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1713 and is a two-story three-bay brick house. An original one-story three bay extension was raised to two stories about 1809. It is believed to have been the home of Samuel Davies.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Røsvik Church (Norwegian: Røsvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Røsvika. The church is part of the Sørfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The Gothic-style wooden church was completed in 1883. It seats about 600 people.
 The French Cable Hut is a historic building in North Eastham Massachusetts.The hut was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The building is now a museum. It was featured in an episode of the PBS television series History Detectives concerning a 19th-century transatlantic telegraph cable.
 The Canadian Museum of Rail Travel or its brand name Trains Deluxe is located in Cranbrook British Columbia Canada a city of about 25000 on the west side of the Rocky Mountains. The city was developed by the arrival of the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) in 1898 as the administrative centre for the railway's Crowsnest Pass route. It is still a busy railway center with Canadian and international freight traffic.
 Millennium Hotel Mayfair is a luxury 4-star hotel in London England. It is located at 44 Grosvenor Square Mayfair to the east of Hyde Park and northeast of the Knightsbridge centre. The deluxe rooms to the hotels are a minimum 36 sq metres in size and are decorated in traditional furnishings.
 300 George Street is a proposed development consisting of three buildings; residential apartments an office tower and hotel tower on the old Law Courts site bordered by George Adelaide and Ann streets and North Quay in Brisbane Australia.The proposed development includes: 262-metre (860 ft) 82-storey Residential Tower on the corner of North Quay and Adelaide Street. The tower designed by Zenx Architects will include 428 apartments.
 The Hotel Ramapo now known as Taft Hotel and previously as Nortonia Hotel Danmoore Hotel and (erroneously) Franklin Hotel is a historic residential hotel in Portland Oregon United States. Built in 1906 it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Designed as a residential hotel by Edgar M. Lazarus in 1906 the building was owned by Lazarus until his death in 1939. He first leased it to Mrs. A. B. Norton and the hotel's first name was Nortonia Hotel. Mrs.
 The Marion County Courthouse is a Beaux-Arts style building in Fairmont West Virginia in the United States. The courthouse was constructed from 1897 to 1900 and was designed by the architectural firm of Yost & Packard of Columbus Ohio.
 Kidd's Mills Covered Bridge Historic District is a national historic district located at Pymatuning Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. The district includes two contributing sites and one contributing structure. The Kidd's Mills Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge built in 1868. It is rare example of a Smith Cross Truss bridge in the eastern United States. The district includes the sites of two grist mills.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Cody Road Historic District is located in LeClaire Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 34 Brinkerhoff Street in Plattsburgh New York.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The John H. Nichols House is a historic house in downtown Wapakoneta Ohio United States. Built in 1865 it is Wapakoneta's oldest example of the Greek Revival style of architecture. Among its leading features are a three-bay facade with a prominent gable large entablature and cornices under the roof several large windows on the front and sides and a trabeated entryway framed by several sidelights and a transom supported by two brackets.
 Palo Verde Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Blythe California.
 Ashby de la Zouch Castle is in the town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch Leicestershire England (grid reference SK36061659). The ruins have been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and they are a Scheduled Ancient Monument. It is managed by English Heritage.
 45 Lansing Street is a 430-foot (130 m) residential skyscraper under construction in the Rincon Hill neighborhood of San Francisco California United States. The tower will contain up to 320 residential units on 39 floors.
 The New Archaeological Museum of Patras is located in the city of Patras Greece. It opened on July 24 2009. The construction plans for the museum were initially announced by the then Minister of Culture Melina Mercouri. However the construction plans did not materialise until 2004.Built on a 28000-square-metre (300000 sq ft) plot of land with 8000 square metres of interior spaces it is the second-largest museum of Greece.
 Whiteville Correctional Facility is a privately operated prison for men located in Whiteville Hardeman County Tennessee. The facility opened in 2002 and has a capacity of 1536 medium-security inmates.Whiteville is the location of another prison the Hardeman County Correctional Center less than a mile south of Whiteville Correctional Facility on the same road. It is also owned and operated by CCA opened in 1997 and also houses medium-security prisoners for the state.
 St. Vincent Mercy Medical Center was the first hospital in Toledo Ohio and is part of Mercy Health Partners.Mercy St. Vincent Medical Center (MSVMC) established in 1855 is the critical care regional referral and teaching center within the Mercy Health Partners system a seven hospital faith-based system serving Northwest Ohio and Southeast Michigan.St.
 Kitsap Mall in Silverdale Washington is an indoor shopping mall with 110 retail stores. Anchor tenants include JCPenney Macy's Sears and Kohl's. The mall is managed and owned by Starwood Capital Group.
 Ufton Court is an Elizabethan manor house at Ufton Nervet in the English county of Berkshire. Today is it used by an educational charity The Ufton Court Educational Trust. Other than historical education the site hosts creative projects too including theatre and music courses.Parts of the house date from the 15th century. In 1567 it was modified by Richard Perkins and his family who were Catholic.
 The Thomas A. Crimmins House is a historic house at 19 Dartmouth Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick house was built in 1910-11 and is one of the city's finest Georgian Revival houses. The roughly square house has a slate hip roof with a modillioned cornice and the corners have brick quoins.
 Robinsons Place Roxas is a shopping mall located at Immaculate Heart of Mary Avenue Brgy. Lawa-an Roxas City Capiz. The mall has a Gross Floor Area of 37000 sq.m. and has a Total Land Area of 74000 sq.m. It is the 36th operating mall of Robinsons Land Corporation. It is the first full service mall 3rd mall and the largest in Northern Panay island. The mall was supposedly to open on December 2 2013 but moved to February 13 2014 after Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) struck Roxas City.
 The James A. Redden Federal Courthouse formerly the United States Post Office and Courthouse is federal courthouse located in Medford Oregon United States. Completed in 1916 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth it houses the United States District Court for the District of Oregon. A substantial extension was completed in 1940 under the supervision of architect Louis A. Simon.
 The Ludwik Zamenhof Centre – a city cultural institution established in Bialystok at 19 Warszawska St. upon the motion of the President of the City. It was founded to celebrate the organization of the 94th World Congress of Esperanto that was held from 25 July to 1 August 2009 in Bialystok. The Centre was officially opened for the visitors on 21 July 2009.
 The Henry E. Dosch House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Boston Manufacturing Company was organized in 1813 by Francis Cabot Lowell a wealthy Boston merchant in partnership a group of investors known as The Boston Associates for the manufacture of cotton textiles. Boston Manufacturing Company gathered many of their trade secrets from the earlier horse-drawn Beverly Cotton Manufactory of Beverly Massachusetts of 1788.
 The Estrugamou Building is an architecturally significant residential building in the Retiro area of Buenos Aires.
 First Christian Church (First Church of Christ) is a historic church at 126 S. Main Street in Robersonville North Carolina.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The Avalon hotel is a hotel at Kungsportsplatsen in Gothenburg Sweden. It was nominated for the Kasper Salin Prize in 2007. It is part of Design Hotels AG.
 The Howard Street Apartment District is roughly bounded by Harney South 22nd Landon Court and South 24th Streets in downtown Omaha Nebraska. The district includes rowhouses apartments and apartment courts built between 1885 and 1930 in a variety of architectural styles.
 Whitehaven Historic District is a national historic district in Whitehaven Wicomico County Maryland. It is located at the end of Whitehaven Road (an extension of Maryland Route 352) on the north bank of the Wicomico River. The ferry that crosses the river here has been in continuous operation since 1688 or earlier.
 Murphree Hall is a historic student residence building located in the Murphree Area on the northern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida. It was designed by architect Rudolph Weaver in the Collegiate Gothic style and completed in 1939. The building was named for Albert A. Murphree the university's second president who served from 1909 to 1927.
 The Old Presbyterian Church in Parker Arizona also known as Mojave Indian Presbyterian Mission Church was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Grand Central Hall is a Grade II listed building located in Liverpool England. It is a former Methodist church that is now used as accommodation for many alternative shops of the type formerly based at Quiggins Liverpool.
 The Umatilla Masonic Lodge Hall in Echo Oregon is one of the oldest buildings in Umatilla County and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in Umatilla City Oregon in 1868 and disassembled and moved by railroad to its present location in Echo in 1901 after Umatilla City declined economically due in part to railroad development. It was deemed significant for association with development of rail transportation in Echo and Meadows area.
 The Kiev Fortress (Ukrainian: Київська фортеця; Kyivs'ka fortetsia; Russian: Киевская крепость; Kievskaya krepost' ) also known as the Pechersk Fortress is a generic name for the 19th century fortification buildings situated in the Ukrainian capital Kiev that once belonged to the system of western Russian fortresses. These structures (once a united complex) were built in the Pechersk and neighbourhoods by the Russian Imperial army.
 Butchie's Drive-In also known as Bailey's Dairy Treat is a historic restaurant in Hot Springs Arkansas.
 The National Shrine of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (Spanish: Santuario Nacional del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús) popularly known as Iglesia del Cerrito (due to its location on top of the Cerrito de la Victoria) is a Roman Catholic parish church and national shrine in Montevideo Uruguay.
 The Old Allen County Jail is a former jail in Iola Kansas United States. Built in the late 1860s it operated as a detention facility for nearly a century before a replacement opened; today it is a local history museum and it has been designated a historic site.
 Powell Library is the main college undergraduate library on the campus of the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA). Powell Library is also known as the College Library. It was constructed from 1926 to 1929 and was one of the original four buildings that comprised the UCLA campus in the early period of the university's life. Its Romanesque Revival architecture design its historic value and its popularity with students make it one of the defining images of UCLA.
 The Old Bend High School is a historic school building in Bend Oregon in the United States. Opened in 1925 the building served as a public high school for 31 years and a junior high school for an additional 22 years before being transitioned in 1979 into its current role as the administrative headquarters for the Bend-La Pine School District.Because of its unique architecture and history the Old Bend High School is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Direct Factory Outlets abbreviated as DFO is the name for a no-frills group of discount shopping centres in Australia. They are large-floor warehouse buildings containing partitioned stores where retail outlets sell excess or previous seasons' stocks at reduced prices.
 The Porter Building is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Downtown Historic District of Woodland California.
 The Former Chicago Historical Society Building is a historic landmark located at 632 N. Dearborn Street on the northwest corner of Dearborn and Ontario streets in downtown Chicago. Built in 1892 the granite-clad building is a prime example of Henry Ives Cobb's Romanesque Revival architecture; the pair of large winged Gothic gargoyles at the entrance were a more recent addition.
 The Basilica of San Lorenzo Maggiore is an important place of catholic worship located in Milan within the ring of canals originally built in Roman times and subsequently rebuilt several times over a number of centuries. Located close to the mediaeval Ticino gate it is one of the oldest churches in Milan. It's nearby the city park called Basilicas Park which includes both the Basilica of San Lorenzo and the Basilica of Sant'Eustorgio as well as the Roman Colonne di San Lorenzo.
 Sandals Church is a local church in Riverside California United States that was founded by Matt Brown in 2001 when he was 26 years old. It is a nondenominational Christian church with an average attendance of 3000. In 2006 the church had a membership of 1700. T.J. O'Donnell a pastor at the church was commissioned by Brown to plant another church which became 777 Church also in Riverside. Sandals Church is very involved in missions in Mexico.
 The Kales Building is a high-rise apartment building in downtown Detroit Michigan. It is located 76 West Adams at the northeast corner of Adams Avenue West and Park Avenue across from Grand Circus Park in the Foxtown neighborhood just north of Downtown. The building was designed by Albert Kahn and constructed in 1914 and stands at 18 floors with one basement floor for a total of 19 floors in height. It was originally named the Kresge Building and it was given its current name in 1930.
 Starship Children's Health opened in 1991 is one of the first purpose-built children's hospitals in New Zealand and the largest such facility in the country. While a separate facility it is located on the same Grafton-area grounds of Auckland City Hospital in Auckland City and adjacent to the Auckland Medical School.Starship Children's Health treats over 86000 patients a year (2005/2006 financial year) around a quarter of them inpatients.
 Grace Congregational United Church of Christ is a Protestant church located in Rutland Vermont.
 The Natural History Museum of Isfahan is located in a buiding from the Timurid era in the 15th century. The building includes some large halls and a veranda which are decorated by muqarnas and stucco.
 Grand Forks County Fairgrounds WPA Structures is a collection of five structures within the Grand Forks County Fairgrounds in Grand Forks North Dakota that were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.The structures are the fairgrounds entrance gate ticket kiosk administration building and cairns all built from stone as well as the fairgrounds grandstand.
 Elks Lodge Building in Flint Michigan also known as Old Elks Building was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The World War Memorial also known as the Kimball War Memorial Building stands on a hill in Kimball West Virginia. Designed in 1927 by Welch West Virginia architect Hassell T. Hicks the memorial was dedicated in 1928 to African-American veterans of World War I. It was the first such memorial to African-American veterans in the United States. The building functioned as a community center in the isolated coal mining region until a fire in 1991 which destroyed the interior.
 Peter Lofland House is a historic home located at Milford Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story five bay L-shaped center hall brick dwelling with a mansard roof. It has a two-story rear wing. It features a three bay with decorative brackets and a projecting bay.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 1095 Avenue Of The Americas is a 630 ft (192m) tall skyscraper in New York City New York. It was constructed from 1972 to 1974 as headquarters of New York Telephone and has 41 floors.[citation needed] The building also served as the headquarters of Bell Atlantic. Kahn & Jacobs designed the building which is the 61st tallest in New York.
 The Valley Pike Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located in Mason County Kentucky United States. It crosses the Frasure Branch of Lee Creek. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.The bridge construction is single kingpost resting on stone abutments. The span is short - 30 to 35 feet - consistent with the single kingpost system. The structure has tin siding and roofing.
 The Red River Meeting House was the site of the first religious camp meeting in the United States. Held June 13–17 1800 it marked the start of the Second Great Awakening a major religious movement in the United States in the first part of the nineteenth century. The meeting was organized by the Presbyterian minister James McGready (also spelled M’Gready) in Logan County Kentucky and several preachers took part.
 Alba Mall is a large shopping mall located in Alba Iulia Romania and owned by three Romanian businessmen. The center includes around 50 stores and a multiplex with eight screens. The complex has a floor area of 21000 square metres (226042 sq ft) and 400 parking spaces.
 Borden Farm was a historic farm at 2951 and 2967 E. Main Road in Portsmouth Rhode Island.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Sant'Andrea delle Fratte is a 17th-century basilica church in Rome Italy dedicated to St. Andrew. The Cardinal Priest of the Titulus S. Andreae Apostoli de Hortis is Ennio Antonelli.The current church was built over a pre-existing one erected in 1192 called infra hortes (between orchards whence the name fratte woods) for it was located in a countryside area.
 Merle Hay Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Des Moines Iowa in the United States. Opened in 1959 it is the oldest regional shopping center in Iowa and was the largest mall in Iowa in terms of gross leasable area before the 2004 opening of Jordan Creek Town Center in neighboring West Des Moines.
 The Mercantil Tower (also known as the Mercantil Building) is a skyscraper located in the Venezuelan city of Caracas is known for being the fourth tallest tower in the city and the country with 179 m in height and 40 floors is located at Avenida Andres Bello Candelaria Parish of Libertador municipality northwest of the capital.It is home to one of the most important financial institutions and strength in the country the Banco Mercantil Venezuela's second largest the building was completed in 1984 has since been has been the banks headquarters since then.
 The Albers Brothers Milling Company building is a historic mill and contemporary office building located on the banks of the Willamette River in Portland Oregon United States. In the early decades of the 20th century the German-immigrant Albers brothers built the largest flour and feed milling enterprise on the West Coast headquartered in Portland and comprising operations in four states.
 The Northern Pacific Railroad Shops Historic District located in Brainerd in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1882 using stone brick slate concrete and asphalt. The buildings were designed and built by the railroad to construct and repair equipment.
 Old St. Teresa Church is located in downtown Albany Georgia on Residence Ave. It is the oldest church building in Albany and the oldest Catholic Church still in use in Georgia. The name Old St. Teresa Catholic Church was given because it changed to a new location in Albany. The church was kept in use and at least one mass is a held every week.
 New Cross Hospital (The Royal Wolverhampton Hospitals NHS Trust) is a hospital in Wolverhampton West Midlands England. It is located to the east of the city centre in Wednesfield.
 Ang Chee Sia Ong Temple is a Taoist temple located in West Coast Singapore.
 Senator William T. Byrne House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story residence with two 1-story wings. It features a 1 1⁄2-story front portico supported by four square columns. The roofs have wings along the top balustrades . The rear wall was built around 1880 and the front section in 1916. It is in the Colonial Revival style. The property was purchased by Senator William T.
 St. Bride's Episcopal Church is situated in the Hyndland area of the West End of Glasgow Scotland.
 Pop and Contemporary Fine Art is a contemporary art gallery located on Orchard Road Central Region Singapore that resides on the third floor of Palais Renaissance. The gallery specialises in original paintings limited edition lithographs screen prints etchings and sculptures from the Pop and Contemporary Art genres.
 PATH is a 29-kilometre (18 mi) network of pedestrian tunnels beneath the office towers of Downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. According to Guinness World Records PATH is the largest underground shopping complex in the world with 371600 m² (4 million sq. ft.) of retail space.The PATH network's northerly point is the Toronto Coach Terminal at Dundas Street and Bay Street while its southerly point will soon be Waterpark Place on Queen's Quay.
 The General John Frelinghuysen House is a historic building located in Raritan New Jersey. The older west wing was originally a tavern built sometime before 1756 by Cornelius Bogert when it also served as the town's meeting hall. It was bought in 1801 by John Frelinghuysen and then came to be known as the Frelinghuysen Homestead. It is an excellent example of early 19th century Federal architecture in New Jersey. In 1975 it was donated by Peter Frelinghuysen Jr.
 Büro Center Nibelungenplatz also known as BCN and formerly Shell Tower is a 27-storey 110 m (360 ft) skyscraper in the Nordend-West district of Frankfurt Germany. The building was constructed in 1966 as one of the first buildings to reach over 50 m (160 ft) in Frankfurt and it is still the tallest building in the Nordend district. It is located at Nibelungenplatz a busy junction in the Nordend.
 Bay State Correctional Center (BSCC) is a small general population medium security facility that stands on the grounds of the original dormitory buildings of Massachusetts Correctional Institution – Norfolk. It houses both long and short term inmates and many inmates who are elderly due to the fact that the entire facility is handicapped accessible. The facility was officially opened in 1977 to combat prison overcrowding rates with an original capacity of 72 inmates.
 The Emerson House is a historic late First Period house at 5—9 Pentucket Street in Haverhill Massachusetts. The oldest part of this 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1730 and contains construction features characteristic of the transition between First and Second Period methods. The first part built was the central chimney with the right front rooms which were followed later by the left side rooms and then a rear leanto section.
 Daniel Meredith House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1815 and is a two-story three bay double pile side hall stone dwelling in the 2/3 Georgian style. Also on the property is a contributing 19th century spring house and ruins of a barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Titanic was a restaurant near Piccadilly Circus within the Regent Palace Hotel in London that was open between December 1998 and January 2002. It was operated by chef Marco Pierre White as a joint venture with the Forte Group. It became a known celebrity hang-out but went through two legal battles; first with shipbuilders Harland and Wolff and then with Oliver Peyton proprietor of the Atlantic Bar and Grill which was also within the same hotel.
 The Oświęcim Synagogue also called the Auschwitz Synagogue is the only active synagogue in the town of Oświęcim Poland. The formal as well as pre-war name of the synagogue is Khevre Loymdei Mishnayos (English translation: Association of Those Who Study Mishna). It is now part of the Auschwitz Jewish Center which includes a Jewish Museum and an Education Center.
 The William and Catherine Biggs Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Detour Carroll County Maryland United States. The complex consists of a stone house a stone outbuilding / summer kitchen a frame bank barn and an early-20th-century concrete block barn dairy building and silo. The house is a two-story five-by-two-bay structure with a three-by-two-bay two-story rear wing.
 Automobile Club of Buffalo is a historic clubhouse located at Clarence in Erie County New York. It was designed by the noted architectural firm of Esenwein & Johnson and built in 1910-1911 in the Craftsman style. It is a two-story Y-shaped wood frame building with a low hipped roof and broad eaves. The building measures 184 feet long and 32 feet wide. It features a deep porte cochere semicircular two-story tower broad verandah enclosed one-story porch and two exposed chimneys.
 The Rapp Road Community Historic District is located in the Pine Bush area of Albany New York. It is a 14-acre (5.7 ha) residential neighborhood. In 2002 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was established in the 1920s by an African American minister who had moved north from Mississippi originally to Albany's South End. He was followed by other members of his congregation.
 The Elliott House is a historic residence in the city of Indian Hill in northeastern Hamilton County Ohio United States.
 Andrews Street Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was designed by city engineer J. Y. McClintock constructed in 1893 and spans the Genesee River. It has seven segmental arches with spans of 36 feet and rises of nine feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 McCrae House located in Guelph Ontario is the birthplace of John McCrae (b. 1872 – d. 1918) doctor soldier and author of the famous First World War poem In Flanders Fields. The house is a National Historic Site of Canada.
 The Produce Exchange Building is a historic commercial building at 194–206 Chestnut and 115–125 Lyman Street in downtown Springfield Massachusetts. The four story L-shaped brick building was built in 1899 and began to serve as the wholesale produce exchange marketplace in 1908 a role it served for many years. In 1926 the building was extensively remodeled including an updated facade which has survived largely intact. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mequon Town Hall and Fire Station Complex is an Art Deco building complex in Mequon Wisconsin United States that was built in 1937. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.Built as a town hall in 1937 the building functioned as the city hall when Mequon incorporated in 1957. The fire department moved in the 1980s to the nearby Mequon Safety Building on at the intersection of Mequon Road and Buntrock Avenue.
 Arnold S. Naudain House is a historic home located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1725 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stuccoed brick dwelling in the early Georgian style. It has a hipped roof and two-story stuccoed brick wing. Also on the property is a contributing ice house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St. Michael's Church (in full St. Michael and All Angels) is an Anglican church in Brighton England dating from the mid-Victorian era. Located on Victoria Road in the Montpelier area to the east of Montpelier Road it is one of the largest churches in the city of Brighton and Hove. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 Biltmore Square Mall was a mall located just off I-26 on Brevard Road (North Carolina Highway 191) in Asheville North Carolina. It has two anchors: Belk and Dillard's. In Summer 2008Dillard's converted its Asheville store to a clearance center.In March 1998 the mall management (along with other plaintiffs) did attempt to resist annexation of the property on which they reside into the city of Asheville.
 The Masonic Temple in Muncie Indiana is a building from 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Washington County Museum of Fine Arts is an art museum located in Hagerstown Maryland United States. The building is located off Park Circle and serves as a centerpiece in Hagerstown City Park. The museum was donated in 1929 by Mr. and Mrs. William Singer Jr. It was completed in 1931 and two wings were added in 1949.
 The Torre Planetarium is a two-tower skyscraper in the design development stage located in Panama City. The taller tower Tower 1 will be 343.4 metres (1127 ft) tall and have 92 floors. The second and shorter Tower 2 will be 305.8 metres (1003 ft) tall and contain 82 floors. Both buildings will have two levels of basements. The original design for Torre Planetarium was a 300 metres (984 ft) tall 82 story tower.
 The Al Fattan Marine Towers is a complex in the Dubai Marina section of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers are located within Jumeirah Beach Residence a 40-tower 7000 unit residential and hotel development which runs alongside Dubai Marina. The Al Fattan Marine Towers consist of two twin 50-story towers the Al Fattan Tower and the Oasis Beach Tower consisting of serviced and residential apartments which have since been sold to individual investors and homeowners.
 The Kinney Octagon Barn was an octagonal barn built in 1880just north of Burr Oak Iowa USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 19 1986.
 The Barnett-Criss House is an Italianate style house constructed on the much traveled National Road a few miles east of New Concord Ohio. The house was placed on the National Register on 1978-12-08.
 The Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers popularly known by its original name of BSE Towers is a 29 storey building in downtown Mumbai on Dalal Street near its intersection with the Mumbai Samachar Marg. The building is owned and occupied by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
 Balmory Hall is a category A listed Victorian Italianate mansion located near Ascog in the Isle of Bute Scotland just west of Ascog House. The hall is set within 6 acres (2.4 ha) of gardens. It is run as a privately owned guesthouse and reportedly features a 7-course breakfast.
 Strong Hall is an administrative hall at the University of Kansas in Lawrence Kansas United States. The hall is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Blaine Smith House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story single dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1909 in an Arts and Crafts architectural style it was added to the register in 1991.Rectangular in plan the 40-by-60-foot (12 by 18 m) house has a full basement and an attic. Single-story projections include a porte-cochère a front entrance and a sun porch.
 Gilligan and Stevens Block is a historic commercial building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in two parts between 1882 and 1884 and is a three story eight bay wide structure with Italianate and Queen Anne style features. The east part of the block features five cast iron columns at the street level.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The La Grange Church and Cemetery is a historic Carpenter Gothic church and cemetery in Titusville Florida United States. It is located at 1575 Old Dixie Highway. On December 7 1995 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Tooting Priory or Tooting Bec Priory was a priory in Tooting now in the London Borough of Wandsworth. It was dissolved before 1315 and the land was granted to Eton College in 1440.
 Central United Methodist Church is located at 201 East Third Avenue in Knoxville Tennessee. On November 9 2005 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places and is listed as a contributing property within the Fourth and Gill Historic District.The church was built in 1927 in the Gothic Revival style. Baumann & Baumann of Knoxville were the architects. The exterior of the church is primarily brick but also includes stone limestone and marble.
 The Tour Barberousse (in English Redbeard Tower) is in the coastal village of Gruissan in the Aude département of France.The tower is all that remains of a castle built at the end of the 10th century to observe the approaches to the harbour at Narbonne and to guard against seaborne invasions of the city. Built on a steep rocky hill the castle was enlarged in the 12th century by the Archbishops of Narbonne Guillaume de Broa.
 Botany Bay Plantation Heritage Preserve/Wildlife Management Area is a state preserve on Edisto Island South Carolina.Botany Bay Plantation was formed in the 1930s from the merger of the Colonial-era Sea Cloud Plantation and Bleak Hall Plantation.
 The Quality Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by I-95 Cottage Lyon Bend and Potter Streets in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The district was largely built in the nineteenth century and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The William Hawk Cabin at 458 N. 3rd West Salt Lake City Utah United States is a Pennsylvania style log cabin that was built between 1848 and 1852. It is significant primarily for its association with William Hawk whose home it was from 1852 until his death in 1883.
 McLeod Plantation is located at 325 Country Club Drive. on James Island South Carolina near the intersection of Folly and Maybank Roads.
 The Banff National Park Pavilion was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and Francis Conroy Sullivan Wright's only Canadian student. Designed in 1911 in the Prairie School style construction began in 1913 and was completed the following year. The pavilion was built on the Recreation Grounds near the south end of the Bow River Bridge on the edge of the town of Banff itself located within Banff National Park in Alberta.
 Northgate Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Northgate Ohio. Built in 1972 it is anchored by Burlington Coat Factory Macy's Sears and Marshalls.
 Almoayyed Tower (also known as: Dark Tower) is commercial skyscraper located in the Seef neighborhood of Bahraini capital Manama. The tower is regular four-sided structure with a height of 172 metres (564 ft). Almoayyed consists mostly of office and business complexes. It was a tallest tower in Bahrain until the Bahrain Financial Harbour Bahrain WTC and the Abraj Al Lulu was constructed. Almoayyed Tower is also known as Dark Tower because of its dark coloring.
 The Westchester Avenue Station is a former railroad station located in the borough of the Bronx in New York City partially suspended over Amtrak's busy Northeast Corridor line. It was built in 1908 with rich terra cotta detailing to a design by Cass Gilbert who would later employ similar terra cotta detailing in his 1910 design for the Woolworth Building. Train service to the station ceased in 1937 and as of 2014 the station was a ruin in poor condition.
 Taiseki-ji (大石寺 (多宝富士大日蓮華山大石寺) Tahō Fuji Dainichirenge-zan Taiseki-ji) is the head temple (総本山 sōhonzan) of the Nichiren Shōshū school of the Nichiren branch of Japanese Buddhism. It is located on the lower slopes of Mount Fuji in Fujinomiya Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. Taiseki-ji was founded in 1290 ce by Nikkō Shōnin one of Nichiren Daishōnin’s immediate disciples.
 The AEP Building is a 456ft (139m) tall skyscraper located at One Riverside Plaza in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1983 and has 31 floors. Abramovitz Harris & Kingsland designed the building following a modernist architectural style. The AEP Building is the 8th tallest building in Columbus. It has served as the headquarters of the American Electric Power Company since they relocated from New York City in 1983.
 The Barnard Block is a historic commercial block at 10-16 Main Street in the center of Andover Massachusetts. The two story brick and stone building was built in 1910 for Henry Barnard son and business partner of Jacob W. Barnard a successful local shoemaker. This building was one of a number of family investments.
 Jonathan C. Collins House and Cemetery is a historic home located at Constableville in Lewis County New York. It was built between 1797 and 1802 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five bays wide and two bays long center entry frame dwelling with a large rear wing. It rests on a stone foundation and has a gable roof. Located opposite is the Collins family cemetery with the earliest burial dated 1793 and the last in 1943.
 All Saints' Church Mattersey is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Mattersey.
 Bradley Square Mall is a shopping mall located in Cleveland Tennessee. Opened in 1991 the mall has more than 50 inline tenants as well as four anchor stores including J.C. Penney Kmart Belk and a Carmike Cinemas Theater. The mall is managed by the Shane Morrison Companies based in Baton Rouge Louisiana.
 Naya Restaurant is a neotraditional Lebanese Mediterranean mezze and grill restaurant located in Manhattan. The Michelin 2-star restaurant owned by Hady Kfoury serves traditional Lebanese food in a contemporary setting. It was designed by award-winner Michel Abboud principal of SOMA.
 House at 156 Mason Terrace is a historic house at 156 Mason Terrace in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Lancaster City Historic District is a national historic district located at Lancaster and Manheim Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It measures 3 square miles and includes 13459 contributing buildings 9 contributing sites 6 contributing structures and 19 contributing objects in the city of Lancaster. The buildings date from 1760 to 1950 with the majority dating from 1860 to 1930. A number of buildings were designed by Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban.
 Whitethorn is a historic home located at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story L-shaped five bay by three bay brick dwelling with a shallow hipped roof in the Italian Villa style. It has Greek Revival style exterior and interior decorative elements. It features a wide elegant one-story five-bay front porch supported by square columns of the Tuscan order.
 The Canada Building is an Art deco office tower built in 1928 in downtown Windsor Ontario. It stands at 14 storeys and stands on Ouellette Avenue between University Avenue and Park Street. It should not be confused with the nearby similarly-designed Paul Martin Sr. Building or the Bell Canada Building located on Goyeau Avenue which looks nearly identical and is nearly the same in height.
 William Smith House also known as Jonas Smith House and Boidock House is a historic home located at Hamilton Loudoun County Virginia. It was built about 1813-1820 and is a two-story three bay Federal style brick dwelling. It has a recessed right-side dining and kitchen wing also in brick originally 1 1/2 stories now two stories. Also on the property are the contributing brick barn with diamond-patterned ventilation holes (ca 1813) two-story springhouse (c.
 The old Trenton Church of Christ is an historic one-story Church of Christ church building located on the southeast corner of South Main Street and Southeast 1st Avenue just south of the Gilchrist County Courthouse in Trenton Gilchrist County Florida. It was built in 1920 of Florida field limestone rubble masonry with brick quoins at openings arched windows triple-arched entry porch etc. Additions have been made to the rear and to the south.
 Wollongong Central is a major shopping centre in the Illawarra region located in the CBD of Wollongong New South Wales approximately 90 kilometres south of Sydney. It is operated and managed by Australian property investment company General Property Trust (GPT). It is of local importance and is used by much of the Illawarra community as a social and shopping centre. It is situated in the western half of the Crown Street Mall.
 Shōkozan Tōkei-ji (松岡山東慶寺) also known as Kakekomi-dera (駆け込み寺) or Enkiri-dera (縁切り寺)) is a Buddhist temple and a former nunnery the only survivor of a network of five nunneries called Amagozan (尼五山) in the city of Kamakura in Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It is part of the Rinzai school of Zen's Engaku-ji branch and was opened by Hōjō Sadatoki in 1285. It is best known as a historic refuge for women who were abused by their husbands.
 Saint Joseph Catholic Church is a former parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Davenport Iowa United States at the corner of Marquette and W. 6th Streets. It is listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and on the National Register of Historic Places. The church building currently houses Grace Fellowship Church. Its school building houses Marquette Academy a private non-denominational elementary school.
 Building at 216 Bank Street also known as Holland House Apartments is a historic home located at Suffolk Virginia. It was built about 1885 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay stuccoed brick Second Empire style building. It has a polychromatic slate mansard roof and a full-width one-story hipped roof front porch. It was built for Colonel Edward Everett Holland as a single-family dwelling. It was occupied by the Suffolk Elks Lodge No.
 The Fairview Lift Bridge also known as Great Northern Railway Bridge 3.2 was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It was built by Gerrick & Gerrick of Steele North Dakota.The railway has not been used since the mid-1980s. In 1996 the bridge was owned by Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway Company.It is located a few hundred feet south of a 1955-built truss bridge of North Dakota State Highway 200.
 One Bush Plaza also known as the Crown-Zellerbach Building is an office building on Bush Street and Battery Street at Market Street in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The 20-story 94 m (308 ft) building was completed in 1959.
 The church of Santa Maria Assunta known as I Gesuiti is a religious building in Venice northern Italy. It is located in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Campo dei Gesuiti not far from the Fondamenta Nuove.
 The Warwick is a historic hotel in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Originally constructed in 1926 in an English Renaissance style the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 and on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on February 8 1995.The building has been divided into condominiums and a hotel operated as the Radisson Plaza-Warwick Hotel.
 New Colonial Hotel also known as the Stagecoach Inn and Sechler Sport Distributing is a historic hotel in Meyersdale Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 and is a four-story brick building on a sandstone foundation. It measures 64 feet wide by 70 feet deep has a U-shaped plan and is in the Colonial Revival style. It features a broad front porch balcony and dropped cornice between the third and fourth floors. The architect is believed to be Charles E. Cassell.
 Upenough is a historic home and national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The district contains four contributing buildings. The main house was built about 1910 and is a two story wood frame dwelling in the Dutch Colonial Revival style. It features a widely flaring gambrel roof intersected by dormers on the front and rear. Also on the property is a guest cottage tool shed and garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Cleveland School near Clayton North Carolina was built in 1926. It has also been known as Cleveland Middle School. It was designed by Charles C. Hook in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included four contributing buildings on 2 acres (0.81 ha).
 Residencia Armstrong-Poventud (Armstrong-Poventud Residence) is a historic building located in the Ponce Historic Zone in Ponce Puerto Rico across from the Catedral Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe. The construction of this home set the stage for the construction of other homes of similar architectural elements character and opulence in turn-of-the-twentieth-century Ponce. The architectural style is collectively known as Ponce Creole.
 Stanford L&N Railroad Depot also known as Baughman's Mill and Stanford Railroad Depot is a historic train depot located in Stanford Kentucky. It was built in 1911 and was used by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
 The Ursuline Convent of Quebec City (French: Couvent Ursulines) founded in 1639 is the oldest institution of learning for women in North America. Today the convent operates an historical museum and teaching centre.The complex was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1972.
 The Palace of the Chamber of Deputies (Romanian: Palatul Camerei Deputaţilor) (now the Palace of the Patriarchate (Palatul Patriarhiei); also known as the Palace of the Great National Assembly (Palatul Marii Adunări Naționale) during the Communist regime) is a building in Bucharest Romania located on the plateau of Dealul Mitropoliei.
 The Holy Rosary Cathedral (Chinese: 前金天主堂; pinyin: qiánjīn tiānzhǔ táng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: cheng-kim thian-chu tong; officially called Chinese: 玫瑰聖母聖殿主教座堂) is the oldest Catholic church in Taiwan located in Lingya District Kaohsiung. It is the seat of the Bishop of Kaohsiung. It was first established in 1860 and rebuilt to its present dimensions in 1928. The architectural style is modeled after both Gothic and Romanesque.
 St. Landry Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Opelousas Louisiana dedicated to Saint Landry of Paris (Bishop c. AD 650). The current church building in Romanesque Revival style was completed in 1909.The church and cemetery were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States on May 5 1982. In 1798 the church had been renamed from the original title Parish Church of the Immaculate Conception of the Post of Opelousas.
 Overlook also known as the William Douglass Harlan House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1917 and is a two-story stucco finished wood frame Colonial Revival-style dwelling. It sits on a limestone foundation and has a slate-covered gable roof. It features a full-length porch across the front facade with a hipped roof supported by four Tuscan order columns. Also on the property is a wood frame garage (c.
 The Jung Shoe Manufacturing Company Factory at 620 S. Eighth St. in Sheboygan Wisconsin was built in 1906. It was designed by architect William C. Weeks. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Metro Health Hospital is a LEED certified hospital located in Wyoming Michigan off of M-6. It is the main hospital for Metro Health and specializes in pediatrics as well as teaching osteopathic medicine. It serves more than 130000 people in the Grand Rapids Metropolitan Area and is one of the only hospitals in the area that is not located in or near the Grand Rapids Medical Mile.
 Ohev Shalom Talmud Torah Congregation of Olney  commonly known as OSTT is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located on Georgia Avenue in Olney Maryland.
 The Franklin and Amelia Walton House is a Prairie School style bungalow built in 1916 in Centerville Utah United States. The home remains in almost original condition including original kitchen cabinets push button light switches original woodwork casement windows and hardware. The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 and is currently in use as a private residence. Franklin Walton was born November 6 1881 and died April 24 1955.
 The Tramway Gas Station is a landmark former Enco service station in Palm Springs California USA so named because of its location at the foot of Tramway Road the lone road leading to the base of the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway. It was intended to be the first Palm Springs building visitors saw when approaching the city from the north via California State Route 111.
 The Florida Mall is an upscale shopping mall located in unincorporated Orlando Florida on the southeast corner of Orange Blossom Trail and Sand Lake Road; it opened in 1986. The facility was developed by Eddie DeBartolo of DeBartolo Realty; it is currently managed by Simon Property Group which owns 50% having fallen to Simon following the 1996 merger of Simon and DeBartolo Realty into Simon DeBartolo Group.
 Thunderbird Lodge is a building of historical and architectural significance in the utopian community of Rose Valley Delaware County Pennsylvania.
 See also Palazzo Doria PamphiljPalazzo Pamphilj also spelled Palazzo Pamphili is a palace facing onto the Piazza Navona in Rome. It was built between 1644 and 1650. Since 1920 the palace has housed the Brazilian Embassy in Italy and in 1964 it became the property of the Federative Republic of Brazil.
 On March 26 2007 developer Forest City Ratner planned to start abatement as a prelude to demolition of this architecturally and socially significant historic building for its Atlantic Yards project in Prospect Heights Brooklyn New York. The current plan is to use this demolished site along with a wider swath of demolitions to create interim surface parking for construction workers and staging during Phase I of the project.
 The McFarlin Building is a general office building on the northeast corner of Fifth Street and Main in downtown Tulsa Oklahoma. The five-story building was built in 1918 for oilman Robert M. McFarlin and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dupont Hospital is a 131 bed acute care facility located in Fort Wayne Indiana. The hospital was opened in 2001 as a joint venture between the Lutheran Health Network and more than 260 area physicians.The hospital also features the Dupont Resource Center that offers lectures screenings counseling and support groups for both men and women.
 Stephen Barker House is a historic house at 165 Haverhill Street in Methuen Massachusetts.Built in 1839 it is one of several handsome houses built at the periphery of the Methuen settlement in the mid-19th Century and remains a well conserved country Residence.
 Mulford Farm in East Hampton Long Island New York is one of America's most significant intact English colonial farmsteads. The Mulford farmhouse was built in 1680 by High Sheriff Josiah Hobart an important early official of the first New York Royal Province government. Samuel Fish Hook Mulford bought the property in 1712 when Mr. Hobart died. He had the Mulford barn built in 1721.
 Georgia Square Mall located in Athens Georgia is a super-regional shopping mall in northeastern Georgia whose clientele includes students attending University of Georgia a major university in the state and the nation's oldest public university (founded in 1785).
 St. John the Evangelist Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. The church building and the rectory are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cromlech of the Almendres megalithic complex (or Almendres Cromlech) located near Guadalupe in the civil parish of Nossa Senhora de Guadalupe municipality of Évora is the largest existing group of structured menhirs in the Iberian Peninsula and one of the largest in Europe.
 Ockenden Manor is located in Cuckfield West Sussex England. The building itself dates from 1520 and is operated as a hotel and restaurant by the Historic Sussex Hotels group. As of 2012 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 St. Stanislaus Parish was a Roman Catholic parish designated for Polish immigrants in Nashua New Hampshire United States.The parish was founded 1908. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Manchester.The parish was unified with St. Aloysius of Gonzaga Parish in 2002. All sacramental records of St. Stanislaus Parish are now sacramental records of St. Aloysius of Gonzaga Parish. Despite closing as a parish St.
 The Guildhall formerly Holy Trinity Church is a redundant church in Watergate in the city of Chester Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The church closed in 1960 became known as the Guildhall and was converted to be used for secular purposes.
 The Cross Mountain Mine disaster was a coal mine explosion that occurred on December 9 1911 near the community of Briceville Tennessee in the southeastern United States. In spite of a well-organized rescue effort led by the newly created Bureau of Mines 84 miners died as a result of the explosion.
 Nyholm Central Guardhouse is a historic building at Holmen in Copenhagen Denmark. It was built in 1745 as part of the Nyholm Naval Base which had been established on reclaimed land at the site in 1690.
 The Waucantuck Mill Complex was a mill complex in Uxbridge Massachusetts. Despite its 2010 demolition (except for a historic storage building) it is still listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The original Luke Taft Mill built in 1824 on the West River was very close to the present site of the Waucatuck Mill complex. The Waucantuck complex was planned for a condominium and retail complex underway in 2009.
 Smithonia is a historic site in the U.S. State of Georgia. The land was part of Georgia agricultural tycoon and state legislator James Monroe Smith (Georgia planter)'s property holdings. It was built in 1866 in a Plantation Plain architectural style. The nearest city is Comer Georgia but Smithonia Georgia is now a distinct location. The Smith and Dunlap Railroad connected the property with the Georgia Railroad at Dunlap Georgia.
 St. Augustine's Church at 290 Henry Street between Montgomery and Jackson Streets in the Lower East Side of Manhattan New York City was built in 1827-29 as the All Saints' Free Church – Free meaning that rent was not charged for pews – and was constructed out of Manhattan schist. The design – a Georgian structure with Gothic windows – is credited to John Heath and includes a double pediment and a projecting tower.
 David Wilmot School also known as the J.C. King Educational Building is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1874 and is a two-story four bay stone building in the Italianate-style. An addition was built in 1908. It features brownstone sills and arches and a gable over the entrance opening. It was named for U.S.
 St. Luke's Church (Bull Hill Church; St. Luke's Methodist Church) is a historic church in rural Beaufort County South Carolina located about four miles north of Pritchardville.The original Episcopal congregation worshipped about a half mile away in a 1786 building built on land donated by John Bull. In 1824 the present building was constructed on land contributed by John Guerard on part of what had been Bull Hill Plantation.
 The Alta Vista Terrace District is a historic district in Chicago Illinois. The district was built in 1904 in imitation of the rowhouse style of London.The development was the work of Samuel Gross who was responsible for several other real estate developments in Chicago. He was inspired to build Alta Vista Terrace after a trip to Europe in which he looked at the rowhouses of London.
 Yeakle and Miller Houses also known as the Daniel Yeakle and John Faber Miller Houses are two historic homes located at Erdenheim in Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. They were built in 1892 and are in the Queen Anne style with Shingle Style influences. They are built of stone with shingled hipped roofs and feature two semi-towers and porches.
 Hasegg Castle (German: Burg Hasegg) is a castle and mint located in Hall in Tirol Tyrol Austria.Construction was completed soon after 1300 when Hall was rapidly becoming the center of Tyrolean commerce and salt mining. The building was originally erected to protect the salt mines the shipping industry the bridge across the river Inn and the old Roman Road. The castle's mint was established by Sigismund Archduke of Austria in 1477.
 Beeston Castle is a former Royal castle in Beeston Cheshire England (grid reference SJ537593) perched on a rocky sandstone crag 350 feet (107 m) above the Cheshire Plain. It was built in the 1220s by Ranulf de Blondeville 6th Earl of Chester (1170–1232) on his return from the Crusades.
 St. Anthony Hospital previously known as St. Anthony Central Hospital is one of four Level I Trauma Centers in Colorado. The Hospital is currently located at W. 2nd Pl and Routt St near the Denver Federal Center in the Lakewood. The Hospital was previously located at W. 16th Ave and Raleigh St in the West Colfax neighborhood of Denver.St Anthony's is part of Colorado's largest health network The Centura Health Network.
 Thurston House a Queen Anne style house in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1900. It was designed by Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival and Queen Anne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Concordville Historic District is a national historic district located at Concordville Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes six contributing buildings in Concordville. Four of the buildings are the Newlin Tenant House Concord Orthodox Meeting Samuel Trimble House and 1856 Brick House.
 Jackson Square is a historic park in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960. In 2012 the American Planning Association designated Jackson Square as a one of America’s Great Public Spaces.
 The Claire Trevor School of the Arts (CTSA) is a university arts school at the University of California Irvine in Irvine CA. The current dean of the school is Joseph S. Lewis III. The four departments housed in the school are for art dance drama and music. CTSA has undergraduate programs masters programs and a doctoral program in drama conducted jointly with UC San Diego.
 Margaret Murray Washington School also known as the M.M. Washington Career High School is an historic structure located in the Truxton Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. It was entered in the D.C. Inventory of Historic Sites and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Episcopal church building located at 219 Chunn's Cove Road in the Chunn's Cove neighborhood of Asheville North Carolina. Built in 1894 at a cost of $728 St. Luke's was designed by E. J. Armstrong a member of the congregation. The first service was held on September 17 1894.On September 30 1997 St Luke's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.St.
 The Kharraqan towers are mausoleums built in 1093 CE and 1067 CE located on the plains in northern Iran near Qazvin.The brick structures stand 15 meters tall and 4 meters wide and make extensive use of geometry. Inside the older mausoleum there is a lamp and paintings.The eastern tower dates from 1067-1068CE while the western tower dates from 1093. Both towers appear to be the work of the architect Muhammad bin Makki al-Zanjani.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church on SR 1329 in Williamsboro North Carolina.It was built in 1773 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Westminster Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Westminster Colorado a suburb of Denver Colorado USA. Opened in 1977 the mall features two anchor stores (J.C. Penney and Sears) with four vacant anchors last occupied by Dillard's Montgomery Ward Mervyns and Macy's. The mall also includes a food court and formerly included a movie theater. It is also a dead mall having closed in 2011.
 The Tabor-Wing House is located on NY 22 in Dover Plains New York United States. It is a frame house built in 1810 by a prominent family in the area relatively intact today.It has an unusual amount of decoration for a Federal-style building. Because of that and its importance in local history it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Sultan Al-Ghuri Complex was built between the years 1503 and 1505. This huge complex consists of a Khanqah Mausoleum Sabil-Kuttab Mosque and Madrasa and is located at the Fahhamin Quarter al Mu'izz li-Din Allah street in Cairo Egypt. The structure lies on both sides of the al Mu'izz li-Din Allah street with the congregational Mosque-Madrasa built on the western side and the Khanqah-mausoleum-sabil-kuttab on the eastern side.
 Framingham Reservoir No. 2 Dam and Gatehouse is a historic dam and gatehouse on the Framingham Reservoirs Nos. 1 and 2 west of the junction of Winter and Fountain Streets in Framingham Massachusetts.
 Clinton AME Zion Church is a historic church at Johnson and Church Streets in Kershaw South Carolina.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Boisaubin Manor is located in Morristown Morris County New Jersey United States. The manor was built in 1890 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 22 1976.
 Mechanicville Hydroelectric Plant is a 18.3-acre (7.4 ha) national historic district located at Mechanicville in Saratoga County New York. The listing included one contributing building and three contributing structures. The district dates to 1897 and includes notable Queen Anne architecture.The district includes the powerhouse an earth embankment a concrete non-overflow dam and a 700-foot-long concrete gravity overflow dam.
 CarePoint Health Bayonne Medical Center is a hospital in Bayonne New Jersey.
 Rovde Church (Norwegian: Rovde kyrkje) is a parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Rovdane along the Rovdefjorden. The church is part of the Rovde parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1872 by the architect Lars Tornæs. The church seats about 350 people. This is the third known church to stand on this site.
 The Wulai Tram Museum (Chinese: 烏來台車博物館; pinyin: Wūlái Táichē Bówùguǎn) is a museum about trams in Wulai District New Taipei Taiwan.
 Centennial Place is a set of 2 skyscrapers constructed in Calgary Alberta Canada. Named in honour of Alberta's Centennial year the complex includes an underground 5 level parkade with 793 stalls. The office space covers 1200000 sq ft (110000 m2).Construction of Centennial Place was completed in 2010.
 The William G. and Anne Williams House is a historic building in Sparta Wisconsin that is now a four-room bed and breakfast.The Williams house is a Queen Anne style Victorian home that has been on the Wisconsin State and National Register of Historic Places since 2005. The home is known officially on the historical register as the Williams William G. and Anne House. The home was built by W. G. Williams a prominent banker in the small town.
 Joe Beef is a restaurant in Montreal Quebec Canada. Its address is 2491 Notre Dame Street West in the neighbourhood of Little Burgundy located in the borough of Le Sud Ouest.
 The city of Allentown Pennsylvania has been known for its diners since the early 1900s.
 St. Andrew's Church Langar-cum-Barnstone is a parish church in the Church of England in Langar Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Bridgewater Place is the first phase of a two-building construction in downtown Grand Rapids Michigan. The second phase was River House Condominiums which is the tallest building in Grand Rapids. Bridgewater place is a class A office building with its own parking garage.
 George Earhart House also known as the Arrington House and Miller House is a historic home located at New Ellett Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story brick structure with a one-story rear ell. It has shouldered brick chimneys at three locations. It has a two-room plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Jesse Lee Church is a historic church in Readfield Maine.It was a built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Westfield Old Orchard formerly Old Orchard Shopping Center is a super-regional shopping center in Metro Chicago. It is located in the northern suburb Skokie Illinois. It is the third largest mall by total square footage in Illinois.Its anchor stores are Bloomingdale's Macy's Lord & Taylor and Nordstrom. It recently underwent a $50 million expansion and reconfiguring with a grand reopening in late 2007.
 Steynsburg Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Gariep Local Municipality area in Steynsburg Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Oral Health Care Provides Physiotherapy Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Rustaveli National Theatre (Georgian: შოთა რუსთაველის სახელობის აკადემიური თეატრი) is the largest and one of the oldest theaters of Georgia located in its capital Tbilisi on Rustaveli Avenue. Housed in an ornate Rococo-style edifice since 1921 the theater has carried the name of Georgia's national poet Rustaveli.
 The Castle is a medieval fortification in Newcastle upon Tyne England which gave the City of Newcastle its name. The most prominent remaining structures on the site are the Castle Keep the castle's main fortified stone tower and the Black Gate its fortified gatehouse.Use of the site for defensive purposes dates from Roman times when it housed a fort and settlement called Pons Aelius guarding a bridge over the River Tyne.
 St. Mary's Church Selly Oak is a Church of England parish church in Selly Oak Birmingham England.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Paul Boston is the historic cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts. Located at 138 Tremont Street near Downtown Crossing directly across from Boston Common and Park Street Station the cathedral is adjacent to the diocesan offices. The current dean of the cathedral is the Very Reverend John P. Jep Streit.
 Casa Capotesta is a house in Pinamar Partido a coastal resort in the province of Buenos Aires Argentina. It was designed in 1983 by the architect Clorindo Testa who is a prominent member of the Argentine rationalist movement and one of the pioneers of brutalist architecture there. He designed the house for himself as a summer residence.
 Marble Community Church formerly called St. Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church at 123 State Street in Marble Colorado. The church's main building was originally the building of the St. John’s Episcopal Chapel which was built in Aspen Colorado in 1886. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Kattenbracher House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 Candle Cafe is a vegan restaurant located at 1307 Third Avenue (between East 74th and East 75th Streets) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.The restaurant has an eclectic all-vegan menu. It's decor is simple casual and no-frills with hardwood floors and with dark tiles at the juice bar which dominates its entrance.It was opened in 1994 as a juice bar and health food cafe and is owned by Joy and Bart Pierson.
 The Suwannee County Courthouse (constructed in 1904) is an historic government building located at 200 South Ohio Avenue on the southwest corner of Warren Street in Live Oak Florida. On November 12 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The A. H. Chapman House at 256 E. 12th St. in Chico California was built in 1859. It has also been known as Little Chapman Mansion. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It corresponds to a published house plan designed by noted architect Andrew Jackson Downing. It is likely that it was specifically designed by architect Henry W.
 Hampshire Garden Apartment Buildings are historic structures located in the Brightwood Park neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington D.C. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Crown Street Women's Hospital (now-closed) was once the largest maternity hospital in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It was located at 351 Crown Street (corner of Crown and Albion Streets) Surry Hills.The hospital was one of several stand-alone maternity hospitals in Sydney none of which remain. It opened in 1893 and was closed in 1983. During its 90 year life it trained hundreds of midwives and doctors and was a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney.
 The United States Penitentiary Lewisburg (USP Lewisburg) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pennsylvania. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders.USP Lewisburg is located in Kelly Township Pennsylvania near Lewisburg.
 The Bracebridge Jail historically also referred to as the Bracebridge Gaol located in Bracebridge Ontario Canada was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial sentencing transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities immigration hearings or deportation and less frequently those serving short sentences (under 90 days). The jail opened in 1882 and closed in 1946.
 Middletown Woodrow Wilson High School is a former high school now used as residential apartments located at 310 Hunting Hill Avenue Middletown Connecticut that was added to the NRHP list August 06 1986. It was built in 1931 and designed by Linus Baldwin of Towner & Sellew Associates in the Renaissance Revival style. It is built of brick with concrete trim.
 Post Office Building Upper Montclair also known as the Gumersall Building is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1918 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 Dousman Hotel is a site significant for being one of the major hotels in Prairie du Chien Wisconsin. The Dousman Hotel was named after Hercules L. Dousman an early Wisconsin fur trader and land speculator who became the state's first millionaire.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 The Horn or Horn Davis or Overholtzer Bridge was a historic wooden covered bridge located in Morgan Township in Greene County and West Bethlehem Township in Washington County Pennsylvania. It was a 96-foot-long (29 m) Burr Arch truss bridge constructed in 1889. It crossed Ten Mile Creek. As of October 1978 it was one of nine historic covered bridges in Greene County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Apsley House also known as Number One London is the London townhouse of the Dukes of Wellington. It stands alone at Hyde Park Corner on the south-east corner of Hyde Park facing south towards the busy traffic roundabout in the centre of which stands the Wellington Arch. It is a Grade I listed building.The house is now run by English Heritage and is open to the public as a museum and art gallery although the 8th Duke of Wellington still uses the building as a part-time residence.
 The Kahal Shalom Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת קהל קדוש שלום‎ or Beit HaKnesset Kahal Kadosh Shalom meaning Synagogue of the Holy Congregation of Peace Greek: Συναγωγή Καχάλ Σαλόμ) is a Sephardic synagogue in La Juderia the Jewish quarter of the city of Rhodes on the Greek island of Rhodes. It is the oldest synagogue in Greece today.
 Granite Tower formerly Stellar Plaza and Plaza Tower is located in the Downtown Denver Colorado at 1099 18th Street Denver CO. 80202. This office tower is part of Denver Place a two city block mixed-use high-rise complex.
 The Asturias Gold Museum a museum dedicated to the mining and uses of gold located in the town of Navelgas in the municipality (concejo) of Tineo Asturias Spain.The museum is located on La Casona Capalleja in Navelgas a town where gold has been mined since Roman times.
 Esparza's Tex Mex Cafe often abridged as Esparza's was a Tex-Mex restaurant in Portland Oregon in the United States. Owned by Martha and Joe Esparza the restaurant operated for more than 24 years before closing in January 2014.
 Bloomfield Academy was a Chickasaw school for girls founded in 1852 by the Reverend John Harpole Carr located in the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory near the present town of Achille Oklahoma. It was a boarding school funded by both the Missouri Conference of the Methodist Church and the government of the Chickasaw Nation.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art Los Angeles (MOCA) is a contemporary art museum with three locations in greater Los Angeles California. The main branch is located on Grand Avenue in Downtown Los Angeles near Walt Disney Concert Hall. MOCA's original space initially intended as a temporary exhibit space while the main facility was built is now known as the Geffen Contemporary in the Little Tokyo district of downtown Los Angeles.
 Cobbs Creek is a neighborhood located in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States . Cobbs Creek is generally bound by Market Street to the north Baltimore Avenue to the south 52nd Street to the east and Cobbs Creek Parkway to the west.
 Oppstryn Church (Norwegian: Oppstryn kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Oppstryn on the shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatnet. The church is part of the Oppstryn parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1863 using drawings by the architect Hans Linstow. It seats about 300 people and it was consecrated on 1 November 1863.
 Fort Golgotha and the Old Burial Hill Cemetery is the site of an historic cemetery and the location of a former Revolutionary War era fort known as Fort Golgotha at Main Street(NY 25A) and Nassau Road in Huntington New York.
 The Pall Mall Restaurant was a hostelry situated at Number 1 Cockspur Street Westminster London just off Pall Mall and near Trafalgar Square. The site was subsequently the offices of the White Star Line and is now occupied by a Tex Mex restaurant the Texas Embassy Cantina.The Pall Mall restaurant is chiefly notable for being the place where the Rugby Football Union was founded on 26 January 1871.
 Sushi Roku is an upscale American sushi chain restaurant. Michael Cardenas former Matsuhisa general manager teams with nightclub owners on 3rd street's Sushi Roku starting the sushi lounge trend.
 The A. E. C. Cottage No. 23 also known as DeLong Cottage is an historic structure located in Anchorage Alaska that was built in 1916. It was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission (A.E.C.).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Seven Stars Galleria is a hotel located in Milan Italy. It describes itself for marketing purposes as the world's first seven-star hotel citing the private inspection company Société Générale de Surveillance although official star classification in Italy includes no rating higher than five-star. The hotel is a member of luxury hospitality trade organisation The Leading Hotels of the World.The hotel opened in March 2007 in the Milan shopping arcade Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II.
 The National Centre for Popular Music was a museum in Sheffield England for contemporary music and culture a £15 million project largely funded with contributions from the National Lottery which opened on 1 March 1999 and closed in June 2000.
 West Dereham Abbey was an abbey in Norfolk England. St Mary’s Abbey West Dereham was founded in 1188 by Hubert Walter Dean of York at his birthplace. It was to be a daughter house of Welbeck Abbey Nottinghamshire for canons regular of the Premonstratensian order. The canons were to pray for the souls of the founder and his parents his brothers and sisters and all his relatives and friends.
 Øksnes Church (Norwegian: Øksnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the southern side of the island of Skogsøya. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1703 and it seats about 450 people.
 Ravina is a national historic district located at Lordville a hamlet in the Town of Hancock in Delaware County New York. The district contains six contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures. It encompasses a small rural estate consisting of the main house guest bungalow garage caretakers' dwelling wood shed and distinctive landscape features.
 The Florida Holocaust Museum is a Holocaust museum located at 55 5th Street South in St. Petersburg Florida. Formerly known as the Holocaust Center the museum officially changed to its current name in 1999. Founded in 1992 it moved to its current location in 1998.
 The R. A. Knight–Eugene Lacount House is a historic house at 34 Day Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The two story Second Empire house was built c. 1870; its second owner was Eugene Lacount an American Civil War veteran. The house's mansard roof is pierced by recessed dormers with segmented arch dormers.
 This article is about the Moorish castle in Gibraltar. For the Moorish castle in Sintra Portugal see Castle of the Moors (Sintra)The Moorish Castle is the name given to a Medieval fortification in Gibraltar made up of various buildings gates fortified walls and its most dominant features the Tower of Homage and the Gate House. Part of the castle itself also housed HM Prison of Gibraltar until it was relocated in 2010.
 St Martin's Church (Danish: Sankt Mortens Kirke) is located in Næstved on the Danish island of Sealand. It is one of the city's medieval churches. Known from records since approximately 1280 it is believed to have been built and put into service around 1200. The building was constructed as the city's parish church. It is dedicated to St Martin of Tours considered its patron saint.
 Teshreen Palace (Arabic: قصر تشرين‎) is the residence for the President of Syria located in Damascus. It is located in the Ar Rabwah neighborhood South of Mount Qasioun. The building covers 10000 square meters (108000 square feet). During the Syrian civil war there were reports that rebels fired mortars at the palace. The palace was used as the primary residence of the Assad family until the construction of Presidential Palace on Mount Mazzeh was finished in the early 90's.
 Jimbour is a heritage-listed homestead on one of the earliest stations established on the Darling Downs is important in demonstrating the pattern of early European exploration and pastoral settlement in Queensland Australia.
 All Saints is a Church of England parish church situated in Burton upon Trent. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
 St Margaret's Chapel in Edinburgh Castle is the oldest surviving building in Edinburgh Scotland. An example of Romanesque architecture it is a category A listed building. It was constructed in the 12th century but fell into disuse after the Reformation. In the 19th century the chapel was restored and today is cared for by the St Margaret's Chapel Guild.
 Ye Olde Union Oyster House open to diners since 1826 is amongst the oldest restaurants in the United States of America. It is located at 41-43 Union Street Boston Massachusetts. The building was listed as a National Historic Landmark on May 27 2003.
 Presbyterian Church of McGraw is a historic Presbyterian church located at McGraw in Cortland County New York. It was built in 1901 and is a one story structure irregular in plan and massing built of Canandaigua gold brick. It features a tower that is square in plan at the base but above the roofline rises in two octagonal stages built of wood with round arched louvered belfry openings and elliptical windows. It is topped by an octagonal spire crowned by a cast metal finial.
 The Protestant St. Stephen's Church (French: Temple Saint-Étienne) is the main Reformed church of the city of Mulhouse in Alsace France. Its congregation forms part of the Protestant Reformed Church of Alsace and Lorraine. Because of its central location on the main square of Mulhouse the Place de la Réunion and its 97 metre high bell tower (the highest steeple in the department of Haut-Rhin) it is sometimes referred to as the Cathedral of Mulhouse (Cathédrale de Mulhouse).
 Castle Hill is an area containing the remains of both French and British fortifications overlooking the town of Placentia (français: Plaisance) in Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The site was originally established in order to protect the French fishing interests in Newfoundland and the approaches to the French colony of Canada.
 The Sabancı University Sakıp Sabancı Museum (Turkish: Sakıp Sabancı Müzesi) is a private fine arts museum in Istanbul Turkey dedicated to calligraphic art religious and state documents as well as paintings of the Ottoman era. The museum was founded by Sakıp Sabancı and was opened in June 2002.
 Penn School Historic District known also as Penn School or Penn Center Historic District is a historic district on St. Helena Island in South Carolina. Penn School was established in 1862 as a school for freed slaves Gullahs on an island occupied by the Union near the outset of the American Civil War.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.The South Carolina Department of Archives and History summary is here.It is located about one mile south of Frogmore on SC 37.
 John Evans House also known as Raub Hall at the University of Delaware is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. The first section was built about 1800. The house in its present form is a two story gable roofed brick structure measuring six bays across. The original structure was expanded during the 19th and early 20th centuries to its present size. After 1888 it was converted to commercial use.
 San Francisco Zen Center (SFZC) is a network of affiliated Sōtō Zen practice and retreat centers in the San Francisco Bay area comprising the City Center or Beginner's Mind Temple the Tassajara Zen Mountain Center and the Green Gulch Farm Zen Center. The sangha was incorporated by Shunryu Suzuki-roshi and a group of his American students in 1962. Today SFZC is the largest Sōtō organization in the West.
 The Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi (كليفلاند كلينك ابوضبي part of Cleveland Clinic Foundation USA) is a multi specialty academic medical center located in Abu Dhabi UAE. The Clinic is currently under construction and scheduled to open in the fourth quarter of 2013. This 364 (expandable to 490) bed facility will be an extension of the Cleveland Clinic model of care offering a range of tertiary/ quaternary medical services.
 The Old Custom House is a historic government building in downtown Cairo Illinois. Built from 1869 to 1872 the building served as a customs house post office and courthouse. Alfred B. Mullett the U.S. Supervising Architect at the time designed the building in the Italianate style a rarity among federal buildings; his design features a bracketed cornice and rounded windows. When Cairo built a new post office in 1942 the building became the town's police station.
 Jonathan Hildreth House is an historic house at 8 Barrett's Mill Road in Concord Massachusetts.The house was built in 1783 and added to the National Historic Register in 1991.
 The Denham-Lacy House (also known as the Virginia C. Turnbull House) is a historic home in Monticello Florida. It is located at 555 West Palmer Mill Road. On May 6 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Restoration completed by 6th owner Patricia Hays Inmon in year 2000. Currently operates as a five room Bed and Breakfast.[citation needed]
 The Georgia Power Company Corporate Headquarters is a 24-story 91 m (299 ft) skyscraper in downtown Atlanta Georgia serving Georgia Power a subsidiary of Southern Company. The prior Georgia Power headquarters building was in downtown Atlanta at the corner of Alabama and Forsyth streets in the former Atlanta Constitution Building.
 The Old Stone Barracks is the last remaining structure of a proposed quadrangle of early U.S. Army barracks built at Plattsburgh New York in 1838. Of the four main buildings initially planned for the Plattsburgh post only two were ever constructed an officer's barracks and an enlisted barracks which formed an L shape. The officer's barracks which Ulysses S. Grant was stationed at for a time while serving as a young Lieutenant was damaged by fire and torn down in 1964.
 McKenny Hall previously called McKenny Union and Charles McKenny Union was the first student union on the campus of a teachers' college when it opened in 1931. At various times the building has included bookstores a bowling alley a bank and a food court as well as a ballroom and other social and meeting spaces. Today the building is known as McKenny Hall and is home to veteran services human resources and career services.
 The Peyser Building—Security Savings and Commercial Bank is an historic structure located in the Golden Triangle section of Downtown Washington D.C. It was listed on both the DC Inventory of Historic Sites and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012. The building was designed by architect George N. Ray and built between 1927-1928.
 Holy Trinity Church is a church under the auspices of the Church of South India. It is located in the Bolarum locality of Secunderabad.
 The Allen County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located at the corner of North Main Street & East North Street in Lima Ohio USA. On July 24 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Omni San Diego Hotel is a four-diamond high-rise luxury hotel and condominium tower in San Diego California. It is owned and operated by Omni Hotels & Resorts.
 The Hagley Museum and Library is a nonprofit educational institution located in Wilmington Delaware.
 The Old Talbott Tavern also known as the Old Stone Tavern a historic tavern built in 1779 is located in the Bardstown Historic District of Bardstown Kentucky across from the historic Nelson County Courthouse. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 30 1973. According to tradition the tavern has never closed since its opening in 1779.
 The Summit Lake Ranger Station also known as the Summit Lake Patrol Cabin is one of the first three buildings constructed by the National Park Service in Lassen Volcanic National Park California. Located near the center of the park on the main park road the cabin was built in 1926. It is a log building measuring about 20 feet (6.1 m) by 30 feet (9.1 m) with an asymmetric gable roof that results in a long pitch to a low rear wall.
 For Brisbois House (I) see Michel Brisbois HouseBrisbois House also known as Bernard Brisbois House is a house that was thought to be associated with Michael Brisbois but is actually a later house.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 The Hawkins County Courthouse is the seat of county government for Hawkins County Tennessee located in the city of Rogersville. It was built in 1836 it is one of six antebellum courthouses still in use in Tennessee and it is the 2nd oldest courthouse still in use in the state.
 Arnot Mall is a shopping mall located in Horseheads/Big Flats New York in Chemung County at 3300 Chambers Road (Chemung County Route 35) and owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust. Arnot Mall is located along the Southern Tier Expressway (Interstate 86/NY Route 17) at Exit 51A between Corning and Elmira. It is open seven days a week and has over 100 stores in all including a food court and a Regal Cinemas 10.
 Museum of Energy and Technology (Lithuanian: Energetikos ir technikos muziejus) is the an institution researching and presenting industrial heritage of Lithuania history of energetic system of Lithuania and history of Vilnius city.
 The Methodist Cemetery is an historic cemetery located at Murdock Mill Road between River Road and 42nd Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Tenleytown neighborhood. It is located behind the Eldbrooke United Methodist Church also on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Saint Piran's Chapel is a long single storey slate construction in the hamlet of Trethevy in the parish of Tintagel Cornwall UK. It is a chapel-of-ease in the Anglican parish of Tintagel.
 The Pierce County Jail was a temporary prisoner of war camp located in Blackshear Georgia during the American Civil War.During Union Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's 1864 March to the Sea Confederate officials hastily made plans to evacuate a number of existing POW camps and relocate their occupants farther from the Federal army. As Blackshear is deep in southeast Georgia in a pine forest it was thought to be a safe place for this relocation.
 The Stillwater Overlook is a scenic overlook in Oak Park Heights Minnesota United States just south of the city limits of Stillwater Minnesota near the junction of Minnesota State Highway 36 and Minnesota State Highway 95. The overlook is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a representative of roadside development during the Great Depression era.The main structure on the site is a limestone wall that overlooks the St. Croix River valley.
 Lesmahagow Old Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland within the Presbytery of Lanark. It is the largest church in the South Lanarkshire town of Lesmahagow.A Culdee settlement of Celtic monks existed prior to the 12th Century. The church was dedicated in the name of St. Machutus (St. Malo).
 Westfield Palm Desert formerly Palm Desert Town Center is a shopping mall in Palm Desert California owned by Westfield Group. Its anchor stores are JCPenney Macy's and Sears.
 The Gibraltar City Hall is the former city hall for Gibraltar centrally located within the city at the west end of John Mackintosh Square. It is the official residence of the Mayor of Gibraltar.
 The Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light is a historic lighthouse at 61½ Water St. near the Merrimack River in Newburyport Massachusetts. It was built in 1873 as one of a pair of range lights for guiding ships up the river to the city's harbor.
 Cedar Cove (1884) also known as Villa LeMoyne or the Joseph D. Peet Estate is a summer cottage on the eastern shore of Cazenovia Lake in Cazenovia Madison County New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The listing includes 4 contributing buildings 2 non-contributing buildings over a 5.5-acre (2.2 ha) area.
 Cedar Haven was a historic Greek Revival plantation house located near Faunsdale Alabama. It was built in 1850 by Phillip J. Weaver. Weaver was a prominent merchant and planter. He was born in Mifflintown Pennsylvania in 1797 and relocated to Selma from Uniontown Maryland in 1818.
 Bridge 634 Northern Central Railway is a historic stone arch railroad bridge in Shrewsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1871 and measures about 80-foot-long (24 m) overall. The brown limestone and brick bridge was built by the Northern Central Railway and crosses a roadway and Codorus Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Sherwood Park Mall is a shopping mall located in the Sherwood Park Alberta Canada. It has 94 stores and services including Target Safeway Galaxy 10 Cinemas SportChek and Chapters. It is the only enclosed mall in Strathcona County.It opened in 1972 under the name Eastgate Mall and cost $4 million to build.
 Rørstad Church (Norwegian: Rørstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the isolated village of Rørstad. The church is part of the Sørfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1761. It seats about 300 people. Rørstad Church was the main church for Sørfold parish from 1761 until 1880 when Røsvik Church became the main church for the parish.
 Płock Cathedral or the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Masovia in Płock is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Poland an example of Romanesque architecture.
 The Swiftcurrent Ranger Station is an example of the Swiss Chalet style that prevailed in the early years of Glacier National Park before the establishment of the similar National Park Service Rustic style. The station was designed by Edward A. Nickel and built by Ole Norden and S. M. Askevold. It replaced a previous ranger station destroyed in a 1936 forest fire.
 Providence Plantation and Farm also known as Fogg House and Farm is a historic plantation home located near Newtown King and Queen County Virginia. The main was built about 1826 and altered about 1840. It is a two-story three bay brick house with Federal style design influences.
 The George Washington Hotel in Washington Pennsylvania was designed by renowned architect William Lee Stoddart and built in 1923. Since then it has been graced by Presidents John F. Kennedy and Harry S. Truman film star Joan Blondell big band leader Harry James among many persons of distinction.
 The National Museum of Brazil (Portuguese: Museu Nacional) is a centenarian museum and research institution located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in the city of Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
 The Colne Valley Museum is located within the Colne Valley at Golcar Huddersfield West Yorkshire England. The museum consists of three converted 19th century weavers' cottages. The museum provides an insight into what life was like for a weaver in the early 1850s. The museum includes a clog maker's workshop a handloom chamber a spinning room a cropping room kitchen and living rooms. The museum is run entirely by voluntary members.
 The Haddenham Cabin located in Fossil Butte National Monument near Kemmerer Wyoming is a historic cabin that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).It is an A-frame cabin that was designed and built c. 1918 by David C. Haddenham. It is notable for association with fossil quarrying in the Green River Formation; from seasonal work at this site Haddenham provided specimens of rare fossils to universities museums and private collectors.
 Comfort Station is a historic sanitary on Blue Hill Avenue in Milton Massachusetts.Although finely detailed in Swiss Chalet style this is a very simple building built in 1904 for a single purpose which it still performs today. It is approximately 35x22 feet(10x7m) divided approximately half and half between men's and women's toilets which sit on a terrazzo floor about five feet (1.5m) above grade.
 Bell Rock Memorial Park is a public park between Main Wigglesworth Meridan and Ellis Streets in Malden Massachusetts. The west side of the rock is the site of the two earliest Congregational meeting houses in Malden (First Meeting House 1649-1658 and Second Meeting House 1660-1730). The park also has an American Civil War memorial statue The Flag Defenders by Bela Pratt and a World War II memorial. The park was laid out in 1910 by Frederick Law Olmsted Jr.
 Allan B. Polunsky Unit (TL formerly the Terrell Unit) is a prison in West Livingston unincorporated Polk County Texas located approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Livingston along Farm to Market Road 350. The Texas Department of Criminal Justice operates the facility. The unit houses the State of Texas death row and it has a maximum capacity of 2900. Livingston Municipal Airport is located on the other side of FM 350.
 The Hammond Wood Historic District is a national historic district located at Silver Spring Montgomery County Maryland. It is a suburban development dating to 1949-51 consisting of 58 Contemporary single-family houses nestled in a tract of heavily wooded rolling land. It is an intact architecturally cohesive example of Charles Goodman's merchant builder subdivisions in Montgomery County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Old Rock House in Moscow Mills Missouri was built in 1818. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central (colloq. Q7) was a computerized command and control system for Cold War ground-controlled interception used in the USAF Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense network. The largest computer system ever built each of the 24 installed machines weighed 250 tons and had two computers.
 Maus Castle (German: Burg Maus meaning Mouse Castle) is a castle above the village of Wellmich (part of Sankt Goarshausen) in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany. It lies on the east side of the Rhine north of Katz Castle (Cat Castle) in Sankt Goarshausen and opposite Rheinfels Castle at Sankt Goar across the river.
 Peking Union Medical College Hospital is a renowned general hospital in Beijing China. It was founded in 1921 by Rockefeller Foundation and is affiliated to both Peking Union Medical College (PUMC) and Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS).
 The Bridgeport Bridge in Denmark Iowa is a Pennsylvania through truss bridge that was built in 1998. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Smithwick's Creek Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Farm Life North Carolina.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Saint Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as the First Christian Church) is a historic Methodist church building at 1327 Leighton Avenue in Anniston Alabama. It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Kent Dairy Round Barn near Red Lodge Montana is a round barn that was built in 1941. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The listing included two contributing buildings and one other contributing site.
 Colding-Walker House also known as Robwood is a historic home located at Appleton Allendale County South Carolina. The original section was built about 1853 and is a 1 1/2-story side gabled massed plan residence set upon a raised brick basement. The house was extensively renovated in the late 1890s. A full-width wrap-around porch embellished with Victorian spindlework detailing and gable front portico dominates the main façade. It is a fine example of Folk Victorian style architecture.
 FM/TV Mast Giżycko/Miłki (Polish:RTCN Giżycko/Miłki) - is a 327 metres high guyed mast localisation at Miłki near Giżycko Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland built in 1998.It was raised on the hill near the Wojnowo lake. In terms of the height the mast is found on 9. for place in Poland and 2. for place in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.
 Mount St Mary's Church or the Church of the Immaculate Virgin Mary is a Grade II* listed building and a redundant Roman Catholic church in Leeds. It was founded in 1851 and designed by Joseph Hansom with extensions by Edward Pugin. It is next to Mount St Mary's Catholic High School Leeds.
 The Billings Estate National Historic Site is an Ottawa museum located 2100 Cabot St. in the former home of one of the region's earliest settlers. The oldest wood framed house in Ottawa was built in 1827-9 by Massachusetts-born Braddish Billings. It became the home for the following four generations of the Billings family. It is Ottawa's oldest surviving house though the Bytown Museum building is older. Billings had moved to the area in 1812 and was the first settler in Gloucester Township.
 The Northumberland Fusiliers Museum is a museum located within the Abbot's Tower of Alnwick Castle in Alnwick Northumberland England.The museum is an independent charitable trust.The history of the Regiment is told in chronological order via the use of story panels and pictures and relevant artefacts. On the top floor there is a DVD that runs for about forty minutes covering the history of the Regiment in eight parts each of approximately five minutes duration.
 The Altair Campground Community Kitchen was built in Olympic National Park to serve the Altair Campground. It is an open rectangular shelter built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps personnel from the Elwha River Camp in the National Park Service Rustic style. Located near the Elwha River the peeled log structure is capped with a cedar shake roof enclosing a cooking fireplace and chimney.
 St. Luke's University Health Network is the second largest health care provider in the Lehigh Valley (Pennsylvania). Its main hospital located in Bethlehem Pennsylvania is named St. Luke's University Hospital - Bethlehem. It was founded in 1872. The five other hospitals of the network are located in Allentown PA Quakertown PA Coaldale PA Palmer PA and Phillipsburg NJ providing a total 1058 beds. St. Luke's Warren Campus in Phillipsburg NJ is the network's first New Jersey location.
 The New Castle Ice Piers are historic ice breaks located at New Castle in New Castle County Delaware. The seven stone piers were constructed between 1803 and 1882. Each pier consists of an outer shell of finished granite blocks with an inner core of rubble.They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Font Hill Manor is a historic home located in Ellicott City Maryland in Howard County. The house is situated on property surveyed as Kendall's Delight. The building is constructed of local Granite in three sections. The first is a four by two bay building. The second five by two bay section was built in the early 1800s which re-oriented the front entrance. A third four by two bay wing was added in the early 1900s.
 The Fort Winnebago Surgeons Quarters refers a site on a land bridge or portage with two historic buildings situated between the Fox River and the Wisconsin River in Portage Wisconsin. Built circa 1820 the log structure referred to as the Surgeons Quarters has served multiple purposes. The other historic building is the Garrison School dating to 1850.
 The Larco Museum (Spanish: Museo Arqueológico Rafael Larco Herrera) is a privately owned museum of pre-Columbian art located in the Pueblo Libre District of Lima Peru. The museum is housed in an 18th-century vice-royal building built over a 7th-century pre-Columbian pyramid. It showcases chronological galleries that provide a thorough overview of 4000 years of Peruvian pre-Columbian history. It is well known for its gallery of pre-Columbian erotic pottery.
 Barkly Square is a shopping centre located in Brunswick a suburb of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It is located at the south of Brunswick on Sydney Road and features 36 specialty stores and four anchor tenants including Coles Woolworths JB Hi-Fi and Kmart.
 Wetherby-Hampton-Snyder-Wilson-Erdman Log House also known as Cockleburr Prologue House and Cabindale is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1725 and is a 2 1/2-story 2 bay dwelling. The first story is of slate and the upper stories of log construction. A 2 1/2-story stone wing was added between 1817 and 1835.
 Ruskin Hall is a residence hall at the University of Pittsburgh and a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District.[1][2]. Constructed in 1921-22 by H. L. Stevens & Company with an annex added in 1925-26 it is an eight story building which is located between the Music Building and Information Sciences Building between Ruskin and Bellefield Avenues near Fifth Avenue on Pitt's main campus in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The Housatonic Museum of Art is a museum at Housatonic Community College in Bridgeport Connecticut. The museum's collection is displayed throughout the college campus and in the Burt Chernow Galleries which also hosts visiting exhibitions.
 The Old McHenry County Courthouse in McHenry County Illinois was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1974. Once the courthouse in the county seat of McHenry County Woodstock today the courthouse is occupied by various private tenants including a restaurant and an art gallery. It is one of the key structures in the Woodstock Square Historic District.
 The Almshouse is an historic almshouse located at 45 Matignon Road Cambridge Massachusetts. It is presently the site of the International School of Boston's main campus.The building features Greek Revival and Italianate elements and was constructed in 1850 by Gridley J.F. Bryant. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Colonial Brookwood Center is a 9-story Class A office building located in the Birmingham Alabama suburb of Homewood. The office building is owned by Colonial Properties Trust and is a part of the company's Colonial Brookwood Village development. Construction on the building began in 2006. The building consists of 9 floors 4 of which contain parking and retail and 5 that contain corporate offices.
 The Rosemary Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Sarasota Florida United States. It is located at 851 Central Avenue. On November 16 2003 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Vrooman Avenue School is a historic school building located at Amsterdam Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1918 and is a two story H shaped yellow brick institutional building. It features a slight projecting central pavilion at the main entrance and an elaborate stone carving depicting a child's head and a swag draped around an open book. A gymnasium was added to the main structure in 1925.
 The Downtown Clinton Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Union and Prospects Streets on High and Church Streets in Clinton Massachusetts.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Shoaf Historic District is a national historic district located at Georges Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 39 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 5 contributing structures related to coke production in the community of Shoaf. The community was first established between 1903 and 1905 by the H. C. Frick & Company and most of the contributing buildings were built between 1903 and the 1920s.
 633 17th Street formerly known as the First Interstate Tower North is a high-rise building in Denver Colorado. The building was completed in 1974 and rises 32 floors and 434 feet (132 m) in height. The building stands as the twelfth-tallest building in Denver and Colorado.
 The Redick Lodge also known as the Chambers Lodge is a private seasonal retreat on Upper Fremont Lake near Pinedale Wyoming in the Wind River Range at an elevation of 7500 feet (2300 m). The lodge was designed by architect Otis Miller of Miles City Montana as a log cabin on a stone foundation for George M. Redick a Nebraskan who had worked with the Union Pacific Railroad on potential locations for company hotels.
 Hauterive Castle (Château d'Hauterive) is a castle located at Argentré at department of Mayenne.
 Tagblatt-Turm (English: Daily Newspaper Tower) is a 61 m (200 ft) the 16-storey skyscraper in Stuttgart Baden-Württemberg Germany.The landmark Tagblatt-Turm was designed by architect Ernst Otto Oßwald and is one of Germany's earliest high-rises constructed between 1924 and 1928 and made from crushed stone and cement. It was the tallest building in the city after the old 1905 city hall and the highest office building in Germany.
 The Museo Poldi Pezzoli is an art museum in Milan Italy. It is located near the Teatro alla Scala on Via Manzoni 12.The museum was originated in the 19th century as private collection of Gian Giacomo Poldi Pezzoli (1822-1879) and his mother Rosa Trivulzio of the family of the condottiero Gian Giacomo Trivulzio. Many of the rooms in the palace were redecorated starting in 1846 a commissions entrusted to Luigi Scrosati and Giuseppe Bertini.
 Mary Church Terrell House was a home of civil rights leader Mary Church Terrell in Washington D.C.. Terrell was the first black woman to serve on an American school board in 1896. She led the fight to integrate eating places in Washington D.C. at age 86.Her home in the LeDroit Park section of Washington DC was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975. The building is a contributing property in the LeDroit Park Historic District.
 The Pickett House is the oldest house in the city of Bellingham Washington located on 910 Bancroft Street. Built in 1856 by United States Army Captain George Pickett who later became a prominent general in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Sta. Monica Parish Church commonly known as the Sarrat Church is a Catholic parish church in the poblacion (Brgy. San Leandro) of the town of Sarrat Ilocos Norte in the Philippines about 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) east of Laoag City the capital of the province. It was built in 1779 and was originally known as San Miguel Church. The Sta. Monica Church complex includes the convent connected to the church by an elevated three-level brick stairway.The parish church of Sta.
 Christ Church Burial Ground is a historic cemetery at 54-60 School Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1737 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 San Donato is a church in Genoa Northern Italy.It dates from the 12th century and is in Romanesque style. It became a parish under archbishop Siro il Porcello and was consecrated on May 1 1189.After the bombardment of 1684 it was restored several times being again consecrated on December 4 1892.
 Peter Ehle House is a historic home located at Nelliston in Montgomery County New York. It was built about 1826 and is a rectangular two story stone building with a gable roof and inside end chimneys in the Late Federal style. Also on the property is a large barn complex including a large frame barn two carriage houses and a small stone outbuilding. Remains of a large part stone barn are also present.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Greyfriars King's Lynn was a Franciscan friary in Norfolk England. The tower known as Greyfriars Tower (52.7514°N 0.3990°E﻿ / 52.7514; 0.3990﻿ (Greyfriars Tower King's Lynn)) survives. It is one of only three surviving Franciscan monastery towers in England and is considered to be the finest.
 Lumière was a restaurant on West Broadway in the Kitsilano neighbourhood of Vancouver Canada. It was founded by Rob Feenie who up until 2007 was the executive chef. Feenie who was a minority owner left the restaurant after a falling-out with his business partners. After Feenie's departure Daniel Boulud was brought in as a new co-owner. Wendy Boys has been with the restaurant since 2003 as the head pastry chef.
 Smith Tower is a skyscraper in Pioneer Square in Seattle Washington. Completed in 1914 the 38-story 149 m (489 ft) tower is the oldest skyscraper in the city and was the tallest office building west of the Mississippi River until the Kansas City Power & Light Building was built in 1931.
 Sulitjelma Chapel (Norwegian: Sulitjelma kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sulitjelma. The church is part of the Sulitjelma parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The small red chapel was built in 1996 on the site of the new church graveyard on the south side of the village since the old graveyard for the Sulitjelma Church had no more room to expand.
 Queen's Hospital is a hospital in Romford in the London Borough of Havering England. It was built on the site of the former Oldchurch Park a short distance south of the town centre. Construction began in June 2003 and was completed in October 2006.Queen's is the flagship hospital of the Barking Havering and Redbridge Hospitals NHS Trust and replaced both Harold Wood Hospital and Oldchurch Hospital when it opened in December 2006.
 The Armenian Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady of Bzommar (Spanish: Catedral Católica Armenia Nuestra Señora de Bzommar) is an Armenian Catholic church building in the neighbourhood of Prado Montevideo Uruguay.The temple is dedicated to Our Lady of Bzommar patron of Armenian Catholics. It is a significant religious center for the local Armenian community.
 Hammersly-Strominger House is a historic home located at Newberry Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in two phases. The first section was built about 1790 and is a 2 1/2-story log structure with a gable roof. A 2 1/2-story gable roofed stone section was added in 1835. It features a shed roofed porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Osmaston Hall was built in 1696 in extensive grounds of what is now Osmaston a part of Derby. The house was the home of the Wilmot baronets and the Fox family before being used for a golf club and railway business. The house was demolished in 1938.
 Arena Plaza is a shopping centre in Hungary with a 180000 square metres (1900000 sq ft) Gross Built Area of shopping and entertainment. On November 15 2007 Arena Plaza was opened to the public with 100% occupancy.The shopping center comprises 66000 sqm of gross lettable area and includes the first IMAX cinema auditorium in Budapest and in Hungary along with other 22 screens.The main tenants in the shopping center include international hypermarket operator (Tesco) (c.
 The Cornell—Randall—Bailey Roadhouse (also known as the Log Gift and Curtain Shoppe) is an historic building located at 2737 Hartford Avenue in Johnston Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1799. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 10 1984.
 Baker Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 3015 Groom Road in Baker Louisiana.It was built in 1905 in a Greek Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Albert Pike Residence Hotel is a historic building in Little Rock Arkansas.The hotel was built in 1929 by the Farrell Hotel Company at an approximate cost of $1000000. It was designed by architect Eugene John Stern in the Italian-Spanish Revival style. The two main wings are eight stories each and extend out towards Scott Street. These two wings are connected across the back by a ten story cross section. Decorated stone pediments extend above the roof line in the center of each wing.
 Langdon Estate Gatehouse is a historic gatehouse located at Hyde Park in Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1876 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story two-bay dwelling in the Renaissance Revival style. It has a rectangular main block with a kitchen wing covered by steeply pitched slate-covered hipped roofs with round-head dormers. It was moved to its present site by Frederick W. Vanderbilt in 1898.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Palladium Square (Thai: พัลลาเดียม สแควร์) is a shopping mall currently under redevelopment in Ratchathewi district Bangkok Thailand. It was formerly known as Pratunam Center.
 The House at 269 Green Street in Stoneham Massachusetts is a well-preserved Greek Revival cottage with unusual layout. Unlike most small Greek Revival houses the roof slope faces front and shelters a cutaway porch. Built c. 1840 it has typical Greek Revival features including corner pilasters and an entry framed by sidelight windows.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Ashley Landing (formerly known as Ashley Plaza and Ashley Plaza Mall) built in 1970 was the first indoor shopping mall built in the West Ashley area of Charleston South Carolina. The center is located at 1401 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard (S.C. Highway 7) at the fork of Old Towne Road (S.C. Highway 171). It was built as a joint venture of shopping center developers the LeFrak Organization of New York City and The Cordish Company of Baltimore Maryland under the name Ashley Plaza Mall Associates.
 The Johnson-Kearns Hotel at 94 W 200 S in Springville Utah was built in 1892. It includes Late Victorian architecture. It has also been known as the Johnson Hotel as the Kearns Hotel the Manitou Hotel and as Valley Tavern Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was one of three hotels in Springville in 1900. It was opened and operated by Moses and Ann Kearns Johnson; the Kearns family operated it during 1910-37.
 Home of Peace is a Jewish cemetery in Helena Montana founded in 1867 by the local Hebrew Benevolent Society (also referred to as the Hebrew Benevolent Association) which formed on December 9 1866. The Society formally purchased the land in 1875. The Home of Peace Cemetery Association now maintains the grounds. It is the oldest active cemetery in Helena and the oldest active European ethno-religious cemetery in Montana.
 St Mary’s Church Harborne Birmingham is a Roman Catholic parish in the Archdiocese of Birmingham.
 The Emporium is a luxury shopping mall in Khlong Toei district Bangkok Thailand which opened in 1997. It is owned and operated by The Mall Group and another huge mall Siam Paragon.It is located on Sukhumvit Road at Sukhumvit Soi 24 beside Queen's Park and connected directly to the Phrom Phong Station on the Sukhumvit Line of the BTS Skytrain by a footbridge. It is owned by the same company as Siam Paragon and its direct competitor is Central Group.
 Thorndon Park Chapel is a former Roman Catholic private chapel situated in Thorndon Park the grounds of Thorndon Hall near Ingrave Essex England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Emory Grove is a small area of bungalow style homes built in 1939 and the 1940s in Druid Hills Georgia near Emory University. The Emory Grove Historic District in Decatur Georgia is a 90-acre (36 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The district has 200 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites and one other contributing structure.
 Gen. David B. Birney School is a historic school building located in the Logan neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1912-1913. It is a three-story five bay reinforced concrete building in the Tudor Revival-style. It is faced in brick and features a limestone center entrance with entabulature and decorative panels. It was named for Civil War General David B.
 Citizens National Bank is a historic bank building located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1898 and is a five-story nine bay by three bay masonry building in the Classical style. It features a combination of arches applied pressed metal ornamentation and in the shadows of now-missing hollow metal broken pediments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Lenox Library Association is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit public library located in Lenox Massachusetts.The library was incorporated in 1856 and moved into its current home the former Berkshire County courthouse which was constructed in 1815-1816.
 The Kauffman House is a rustic log house in Grand Lake Colorado that functioned as a hotel from its construction in 1892 to 1973. It was built by Ezra Kauffman a local prospector trapper and builder of log structures who operated it as a hotel until his death in 1920 at age 71. It was then operated as a summer hotel by his widow and daughters until World War II. The log structure is built of timber cut sawn and hauled by Ezra Kauffman.
 Alamance Crossing is a lifestyle center (outdoor shopping mall) in Burlington North Carolina USA. Opened in 2007 it is the second shopping mall in the city as well as the larger. Alamance Crossing comprises more than seventy tenants including three major anchor stores (Belk Dillard's and JCPenney) along with two Barnes & Noble Hobby Lobby Kohl's Dick's Sporting Goods and BJ's Wholesale Club. It was developed by CBL & Associates Properties who also manages it.
 Alamanda Putrajaya is the first shopping centre built in Putrajaya Malaysia. The Alamanda Shopping Centre opened at the end of August 2004 and began operation in October 2004. Alamanda Shopping Centre has retail spaces of 700000 sq ft (65000 m2).
 The Cushman House is a historic house at 104 Bartlett Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1884-5 by Thomas and John Gray and is one of the finest examples of Queen Anne styling in Arlington. Originally located on Jason Street the house was moved to its present location in 1896 by Mr. and Mrs. Garner Cushman.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Penrose Wolf Building also known as the Rockwood Opera House is a historic commercial building located at Rockwood Somerset County Pennsylvania. The front section was built in 1898 and is a two-story wood frame structure measuring 30 feet by 60 feet. The rear section was added in 1905 and is s three-story yellow brick structure measuring 50 feet by 75 feet.
 Summit Avenue is a street in Saint Paul Minnesota United States known for having a number of historic houses churches synagogues and schools. The street starts just west of downtown Saint Paul and continues four and a half miles west to the Mississippi River where Saint Paul meets Minneapolis. Other cities have similar streets such as Prairie Avenue in Chicago Euclid Avenue in Cleveland and Fifth Avenue in New York City.
 Phoenix Union High School was the main high school for Phoenix Arizona at 7th Street and Van Buren Avenue. It closed in 1982 amidst declining enrollment along with East High School and West High School. It is the namesake of the extant Phoenix Union High School District.The mascot was the Coyotes. The school's athletic programs combined won over 100 Arizona state championships.
 The Woman's Club of Redondo Beach is part of the California Woman's Club organization and was founded in 1908. The Woman's Club of Redondo Beach's 1922 clubhouse building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wilson's Bridge is a bridge near Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It originally carried the Hagerstown and Conococheague Turnpike the National Road across Conococheague Creek 7 miles (11 km) west of Hagerstown. The five-arched structure the longest of the county's stone bridges is 210 feet (64 m) in length and is constructed of coursed local limestone. The bridge was erected in 1819 by Silas Harry who had built similar bridges in Pennsylvania.
 The North Mowich Trail Shelter is one of a series of shelters designed to provide simple shelter to hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The North Mowich shelter was built in 1934 by Civilian Conservation Corps workers. The log structure open to the front measures 14 feet (4.3 m) by 14 feet (4.3 m).The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 The former Croton North railroad station is located on Senasqua Road in Croton-on-Hudson New York United States. It was built by the New York Central Railroad in the late 19th century. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It had long been out of active service and was converted to office use three years before the listing.
 Forest Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County New York. It was built in 1894 and is a one story brown stained eclectic pitched roof building with a front-facing gable a unique square bell tower with flared eaves and a porte cochere. The church is in the Shingle Style with Gothic elements.
 Horseshoe Curve is a three-track railroad curve on the Norfolk Southern Railway's Pittsburgh Line in Blair County Pennsylvania. The curve itself is about 2375-foot (724 m) long and 1300 feet (400 m) in diameter; it was completed in 1854 by the Pennsylvania Railroad as a way to lessen the grade to the summit of the Allegheny Mountains.
 The Apthorp is a historic condominium apartment building in Manhattan New York City. The Italian Renaissance Revival building designed by architects Clinton & Russell for William Waldorf Astor was built between 1906 and 1908; it occupies the full block between Broadway and West End Avenue and between West 78th and West 79th streets. The building which has been called Monumental and magnificant is built around a large interior courtyard.
 Capt. Nathaniel B. Palmer House is a historic house in Stonington Connecticut that was the home of Nathaniel Brown Palmer (1799–1877). Palmer was a seal hunter and a pioneering Antarctic explorer. The house is a transitional style between the Greek revival and the Victorian Italianate. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1996.The house is owned by the Stonington Historical Society and operated as a mid 19th century Victorian historic house museum.
 Sheffield Winter Garden in the city of Sheffield in South Yorkshire is one of the largest temperate glasshouses to be built in the UK during the last hundred years and the largest urban glasshouse anywhere in Europe. It is home to more than 2000 plants from all around the world.
 Abhayagiri or Fearless Mountain in the canonical language of Pali is a Theravadin Buddhist monastery of the Thai Forest Tradition in Redwood Valley California. Its chief priorities are the teaching of Buddhist ethics together with traditional concentration and insight meditation techniques as an effective way of dissolving stress.
 Frampton Priory was a priory in Dorset England.
 The Heard Building (alternatively the Greater Arizona Savings Building) is a 7-story high-rise building in Phoenix Arizona it housed the offices of The Arizona Republic (formerly the Arizona Republican) and the Phoenix Gazette from 1920 to 1948. The building was constructed between 1919 and 1920 and was the first high-rise building to be erected in Phoenix. It held the title of tallest building in Arizona for four years until the completion of the Luhrs Building in 1924.
 The Julia Sanderson Theater (originally and currently known as The Paramount Theater; recently and formerly known as The Hippodrome) is an historic theater at 1676-1708 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts (although generally listed at 1700 Main Street.) Built in 1926 out of part of the grand Massasoit Hotel at a cost of over $1 million the Paramount Theater was the most ornate picture palace in Western Massachusetts.
 Vrams Gunnarstorp Castle (Swedish: Vrams Gunnarstorps slott) is a castle in Bjuv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It was built in the 17th century by Jørgen Vind. 1838 it came to the Tornérhjelm family. It was exchanged by the Berch family for Össjö Castle and 17 barrels of gold.
 The Florina Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Florina in Greece. It was founded by the Florina Art Centre in 1977. It is housed in a neoclassical building by the Skouleva river. The museum's collection is composed of 480 works by 254 artists which includes paintings sculptures and engravings. More recently its collection was enriched by a work of El Greco donated by the national Gallery as well as by 44 engravings from Florence. These are in display since August 1999.
 The Levi Snell House is a house with Greek Revival and Italianate architecture in Fayetteville New York. It was built in 1855 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It's a substantial largely intact mid-nineteenth century brick residence which illustrates the residential designs frequently favored by the prosperous but conservative merchant classes in small upstate New York communities of that period.
 The Chapel of the Holy Shroud (Italian: Cappella della Sacra Sindone) is a Baroque-style Roman Catholic chapel in Turin in northern Italy. Located outside the Turin Cathedral and connected to the Royal Palace of Turin the chapel was designed by the architect Guarino Guarini and built at the end of the 17th century (1668–94) during the reign of Charles Emmanuel II Duke of Savoy.
 The Thean Hou Temple (Chinese: 天后宫; pinyin: Tiānhòu gōng; Cantonese Yale: tin1hau6 gung1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Thian-hiō-kiong) is a landmark six-tiered Chinese temple in Kuala Lumpur. It is located on a 1.67 acres (6760 m²) of land atop Robson Heights along Lorong Bellamy overlooking Jalan Syed Putra (Federal Highway). It was completed in 1987 and officially opened in 1989.
 The Walter S. Zimmerman House is a historic house located in Portland Oregon United States. Portland architect Wade Hampton Pipes (1877–1961) was the most prominent advocate of the English Arts and Crafts movement in Oregon and established a wide exclusively residential oeuvre of work in the English Cottage style during his active career (beginning 1911).
 Place de Ville is a complex of office towers in downtown Ottawa Canada. It consists of four office buildings Place de Ville A B and C and the 'Podium' building two large hotels the Ottawa Delta City Centre (411 rooms) and Ottawa Marriott Hotel (487 rooms) as well as the city's largest underground parking garage with space for 974 cars. The buildings are linked by an underground shopping complex. Place de Ville C is the tallest building in Ottawa.
 The Ainsworth House also known as the Greet Ranch was built in 1886 by homesteader Frank S. Ainsworth and his wife in the Nowood Valley of Washakie County Wyoming. The Ainsworths built the frame house after living in a tent and a log dugout.
 Wynnestay or Wynnstay is a historic house one of the oldest extant houses in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The two-and-a-half-story house was first built in 1689 as the residence of Dr. Thomas Wynne Pennsylvania founder William Penn's personal physician and first Speaker of the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly.The land surrounding Wynnestay was developed starting about 1895 with he encouragement of Pennsylvania Railroad President George B.
 The Château de Launac is a 15th-century castle in the commune of Launac in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Major additions and alterations were made in the 16th and 17th centuries. Privately owned the upper floor and the corner tower have been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. The rest of the castle was listed in 1991..
 The Sulgrave Club is a private club located at 1801 Massachusetts Avenue N.W. on Embassy Row in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. United States.
 Old Fort House is a historic house at 29 Lower Broadway in Fort Edward Washington County New York. It was built in 1772 and is a two story five bay center hall frame building with a shallow gambrel roof. It is owned by the Fort Edward Historical Association and operated as a local history museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Orphans Cemetery is a cemetery with the area of four acres paved streets and running water. Albert G. Williamson a Dodge County entrepreneur donated land for a burial place in Orphans community following the death of a neighbor’s child George P.A. Barnes in 1887. The community was named in honor of the six orphaned Williamson brothers who moved here in 1873-74 from North Carolina. The earliest burials were children of the Thomas Weldy and Lashley families.
 The Church of the Teutonic Order (German: Deutschordenskirche) also known as the Church of Saint Elisabeth of Hungary (German: Hl. Elisabeth von Ungarn) is the mother church of the Teutonic Order a German-based Roman Catholic religious order formed at the end of the 12th century. Located in Vienna Austria near the Stephansdom it is the current seat of the Grand Master of the Order.
 The Andrew Weisel House is a two-story Greek Revival cottage constructed of red brick and river stone. It was built in 1853 by mason Andrew Weisel and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Lund Chapel (Norwegian: Lund kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Lund. The church is part of the Kolvereid parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The chapel was built in 1965 and it seats about 105 people.
 The Farmington Canal also known as the New Haven and Northampton Canal was a major private canal built in the early 19th century to provide water transportation from New Haven into the interior of Connecticut Massachusetts and beyond. Its Massachusetts segment was known as the Hampshire and Hampden Canal.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Norfolk Nebraska United States was built in 1904. Designed by James Knox Taylor it includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It served historically as a courthouse as a correctional facility and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The building is now privately owned and houses a number of offices.
 Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 8 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Boggs Township and Washington Township in Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1929 and 1931 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and consists of the lock dam esplanade and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet and has a lift of 17.8 feet. The dam measures approximately 50 feet high and 916 feet long; a three foot addition was built on top of the dam in 1937.
 Eagles Building is a building in Lorain Ohio. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Strand Theater is a historic theater located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built in 1924 as the premier theater in Plattsburgh and designed in the Classical Revival style. It consists of a vestibule main lobby mezzanine auditorium and stage with supporting spaces. It has seating for 1326 people.
 St. John the Baptist Catholic Church is a historic church on FM 1383 in Ammannsville Texas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Sephardic Temple Tifereth Israel also called The Sephardic Temple is a large urban Sephardi Jewish synagogue located in Westwood Los Angeles California at the corner of Wilshire Boulevard and Warner Avenue. Established in February 1 1920 as the Sephardic Community of Los Angeles it exists today as the merger of three major Sephardic organizations with approximately 600 member families.
 The Friends Meetinghouse is an historic Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) located at the junction of Routes 146A (Quaker Highway) and 98 (Aldrich Street) in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On January 24 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 J. F. Betz House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1875 and is a two-story three bay double pile dwelling with Greek Revival / Gothic Revival / Queen Anne influences. It has a gable roof with cornice pierced by a central cross gable. The property includes a contributing 19th century granary and barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Gardner Massachusetts United States. Founded December 6 1908. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
 Glen Hope Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 65-foot-long (20 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1889. It has vertical planking and eave-level window openings. It crosses Little Elk Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Magnolia Mall is a shopping mall in Florence South Carolina near I-95. It is owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust. The mall opened in 1979 and underwent a renovation in 2008.
 The Curutchet House La Plata Argentina is a building by Le Corbusier. It was commissioned by Dr. Pedro Domingo Curutchet a surgeon in 1948 and included a small medical office on the first floor. The house consists of four main levels with a courtyard between the house and the clinic. The building faces the Paseo del Bosque park. The main facade incorporates a brise soleil.
 The Charles Stevens House is a house located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The United States Post Office – Los Angeles Terminal Annex located at 900 North Alameda Street in Los Angeles California was the central mail processing facility for Los Angeles from 1940 to 1989.Across Macy Street from Union Station the Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival building of Terminal Annex which was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Bridge in Newport Borough is a historic bridge located at Newport in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is an 80-foot-long (24 m) multi-span stone arch bridge. It was built in 1929 and crosses Little Buffalo Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr is a Local General Hospital at Ystrad Mynach serving Caerphilly County Borough in Wales United Kingdom operated by Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. It was opened in November 2011 replacing services provided by a number of smaller older hospitals.Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr replaced the 85 year old Caerphilly District Miners Hospital Ystrad Mynach Hospital Ty Sirhowy Mental Health Unit and smaller community hospitals.The hospital has 269 beds in single ensuite bedrooms.
 St James-the-Less is a church in Bethnal Green London England. It is an Anglican church in the Diocese of London.Built as a commissioners' church in 1840-2 its architect was Lewis Vulliamy.
 Health Central is a 171-bed hospital in Ocoee Florida. In April 2012 Orlando Health acquired Health Central for $181.3 million.
 Samuel Gompers House is a house in Washington D.C..Samuel Gompers was president of the American Federation of Labor from 1886 until his death in 1924. Gompers helped found the AFL and vigorously pursued its three goals of higher wages shorter hours and better working conditions for American workers. He lived in this three-story brick rowhouse from 1902 to 1917.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19??.
 The Church of St. Mary the Virgin Plumtree is a parish church in the Church of England in Plumtree Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 University Hospital Crosshouse is a large district general hospital just outside Kilmarnock Scotland built to replace the old Kilmarnock Infirmary. It covers the North Ayrshire and East Ayrshire areas including the Isle of Arran. It is located one mile outside the town in the village of Crosshouse. It was opened as the North Ayrshire District General Hospital but staff soon took to calling it Nadge hence the adoption of the local place name of Crosshouse.
 The Delphi Village School also known as the Delphi Falls Schoolhouse is a former one-room schoolhouse located at Delphi Falls New York in Onondaga County New York. It was built between 1854 and 1860 and is a 1 1⁄2-story frame T plan vernacular Greek Revival–style structure with a rear woodshed addition. The entrance vestibule is topped by a distinctive Italianate-style belfry.
 The O2 visually typeset in branding as The O2 is a large entertainment district on the Greenwich peninsula in South East London England including an indoor arena a music club a Cineworld cinema an exhibition space piazzas bars and restaurants.
 Long Bay Correctional Complex an Australian maximum and minimum security prison for males and females is located at Malabar Sydney New South Wales Australia. The complex is located approximately 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) south of the Sydney CBD.
 The Governor Leslie Jensen House at 309 S. Fifth St. in Hot Springs South Dakota was built in 1899. Also known as The Jensen House or the Christian Jensen House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The style is labeled Queen Anne architecture or vernacular Queen Anne architecture. The listing includes two contributing buildings.
 The Isaac Hobbs House is a historic colonial house at 87 North Avenue in Weston Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1729 by Isaac Hobbs making it one of Weston's oldest buildings. Hobbs and several generations of his descendants occupied this house and were politically active in the town.
 Montefiascone Cathedral or the Basilica of Santa Margherita (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Margherita) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Montefiascone in the province of Viterbo Italy dedicated to Saint Margaret of Antioch the patron saint of the town.
 Cantonment Reno also known as Fort McKinney 1 was a US Army post or cantonment located on the Powder River near the old Bozeman Trail crossing. A previous fort near the site(Fort Reno) had been abandoned and burned after the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868. Cantonment Reno was re-established in late 1876 just upstream of the site of old Fort Reno. Cantonment Reno started as a temporary base of operations for General George Crooks’ 1876 Big Horn Expedition.
 The Thomsen Round Barn is an historical structure located near Armstrong in rural Emmet County Iowa. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 65 feet (19.8 m) around. The first floor is constructed of concrete and the second floor consists of white vertical siding. It features a two-pitch conical roof and a 16 foot (4.9 m) central silo.
 Adventist Medical Center is a 302-bed hospital serving 900000 residents on the east side of the Portland-Vancouver metropolitan area in the United States.
 The William King Beck House also known as River Bluff Plantation is a historic plantation on the Alabama River near Camden Alabama. The main house was built in 1845 for William King Beck and is attributed to architect Alexander J. Bragg. William King Beck was an attorney from North Carolina who migrated to Wilcox County in the 1820s.
 The Cathedral of All Saints (known as Derby Cathedral) is a cathedral church in the city of Derby Derbyshire England. It is the seat of the Bishop of Derby.
 The Belleville Historic District is a historic district in Belleville Illinois. The primarily residential district consists of an irregularly shaped area on the east side of Belleville. 70 buildings are included in the district all of which are contributing buildings to its historic character. The homes in the district represent Belleville's residential development from 1830 to 1900.
 The Zuellig Building is an office skyscraper to be constructed in Makati City Philippines. It is owned by the Zuellig Group and developed by its real estate arm Bridgebury Realty Corp. It will rise to 155 metres (508.53 feet) and will aim to be the first Gold level LEED Core and Shell Precertified structure in the Philippines.
 The New Cathedral of Coimbra (Portuguese: Sé Nova de Coimbra) or the Cathedral of the Holy name of Jesus is the current bishopric seat of the city of Coimbra in Portugal. The Cathedral is located near the historical University of Coimbra in the upper part of the town (Alta de Coimbra).
 The Emmitsburg Historic District is a national historic district in Emmitsburg Frederick County Maryland. The district is predominantly residential and includes most of the older area of the town extending along Main Street and Seton Avenue. Also included are several commercial buildings and churches interspersed among the dwellings. The buildings are primarily two-story sided log or brick dating from the late 18th to the mid 19th centuries.
 The Beaumont Hotel in Ouray Colorado was in its day one of the grandest hotels in western Colorado and is on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
 The West Pasco Historical Society Museum and Library is located at 6431 Circle Boulevard New Port Richey Florida USA. The museum's exhibits include Native American arrowhead and artifacts clothing household items antiques and decorative items tools and historic photographs.Elroy M.
 The Kunstmuseum Basel houses the largest and most significant public art collection in Switzerland and is listed as a heritage site of national significance. Its lineage extends back to the Amerbach Cabinet purchased by the city of Basel in 1661 which made it the first municipally owned museum. Its collection is distinguished by an impressively wide historic span from the early 15th century up to the immediate present.
 St. John's-St. Luke's Evangelical Church is a congregation of the United Church of Christ located at 2120 Russell Street in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St.Joseph Shrine of Panagudi is under the Diocese of Tuticorin in Tamilnadu. Approximately 850 families are in this Catholic parish. Many people from southern Tamilnadu made pilgrimage to this holy shrine of St.Joseph. They reported many miraculous cures and believe to get much more every time.
 The Honduran Aviation Museum (Museo del Aire de Honduras) is a museum foundation in Honduras opened in September 2002 for the purpose of storing preserving restoring and exhibiting items related to Honduran aviation.
 Ellicott City Historic District is a national historic district in Ellicott City Howard County Maryland. The Ellicott City Station is a National Historic Landmark in Ellicott City. The district encompasses a predominantly 19th century mill town whose origins date to 1772 including more than 200 18th- and 19th-century buildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Château de Hohenack (also described as Château du Hohenack and Château féodal du Petit Hohnack) is a ruined castle in the commune of Labaroche in the Haut-Rhin département of France.Significant building periods were the last quarter of the 12th century the 13th 15th and 16th centuries. In plan view the edifice is typical of the 12th century constituting a polygonal curtain wall and a square keep.
 Capitol Center South Tower is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1987 and is 22 stories tall. It is primarily used for office space.
 8 Spruce Street originally known as Beekman Tower and currently marketed as New York by Gehry is a 76-story skyscraper designed by architect Frank Gehry in the New York City borough of Manhattan at 8 Spruce Street between William and Nassau Streets in Lower Manhattan just south of City Hall Plaza and the Brooklyn Bridge.According to its official website at 265 meters (870 feet) high 8 Spruce Street will be the 12th tallest residential tower in the world and the second tallest residential building in the Western Hemisphere upon the completion of One57 also in New York City. 
 Much Haddam is a Federal style brick house built about 1820 just outside Middleburg Virginia by Richard Cochran. The two-story brick house is located on the Ashby's Gap Turnpike near the west end of Middleburg and is a prominent landmark to those approaching Middleburg from the west.
 Carlheim (also called Paxton) is a mansion located in the northeast part of Leesburg Virginia. It was constructed in about 1872 for Pennsylvania industrialist Charles R. Paxton (1816–1889) and his wife Rachel who continued to live there until her death in December 1921. When constructed it sat on over 760 acres (3.1 km2) roughly bounded on the north end by the Red Rock Wilderness Overlook Regional Park the Balls Bluff Battlefield and the Potomac River. In accordance with Mrs.
 Qingdao Grand Theatre (simplified Chinese: 青岛大剧院; traditional Chinese: 青島大劇院; pinyin: Qingdao Dajuyuan) is a opera house in Laoshan District of Qingdao Shandong province People's Republic of China.
 Hermitage Church of Nuestra Senora de Valvanera of Coamo is a historic church at Quinton and Carrion Mafuro Streets in Coamo Puerto Rico.It was built in 1685 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Mersin Grand Mosque (Turkish: Ulu Cami) is a mosque in Mersin Turkey. (The name Ulu is used for many mosques in different cities of Turkey)
 The 400 Building also known as the First Mutual Center and Washington Federal Center is a seven story tall building in Bellevue Washington. When it was completed in 1967 it was the tallest building in Bellevue.
 Museo de Trajes Regionales is located in San Cristobal de las Casas Chiapas Mexico. The museum displays more than 90 costumes and dress from the indigenous populations of Chiapas. This is unique because typically all clothing and personal possessions are buried with the dead. Jewelry musical instruments costume accessories religious objects hats masks animal skins and statuettes are on display.
 The Museum of Science and Technology (PUCRS) is a Brazilian museum located in the city of Porto Alegre in Rio Grande do Sul on Avenida Ipiranga 6681 Building 40 Parthenon in the neighborhood near the PUCRS. The visiting hours are from Tuesdays to Sundays from 9am to 5pm.
 The Southbridge-Sargent Manufacturing District encompasses a collection of three 19th-century factory buildings near a historically important railroad junction in southern Worcester Massachusetts. They were built near the intersection of Sargent and Gold Streets just south of Southbridge Street. The location is close to a junction of three major railroads: the Boston and Albany the Norwich and Worcester and the New York New Haven and Hartford.
 Bon Aire is a historic home located near Shipman Nelson County Virginia. It is a Federal-style brick dwelling dramatically sited on a hill overlooking the James River. It was built about 1812 in a three-part scheme; with a two-story center section flanked by 1 1⁄2-story two-bay wings. In plan and detail Bon Aire is linked to a number of tripartite houses such as nearby Point of Honor in Lynchburg Virginia built for a cousin of Bon Aire's builder Dr.
 Binghamton Theatre also known as the Capri Theatre The Forum and Broome Center for the Performing Arts is a historic theater located at Binghamton in Broome County New York.
 Piereus Store is a historic commercial building located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built between 1835 and 1840 and is a two-story two-bay brick building measuring two rooms deep. It has a gable roof and a single story Victorian front porch. It is one of two houses remaining from the Piereus phase of industrial development along the Rivanna River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Friend Humphrey House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built about 1841 and is a two story frame farmhouse with a gable roof and two symmetrically placed chimneys. A one story ell was added about 1880. It is a transitional vernacular Greek Revival / Federal style dwelling.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Martha and Maurice Ostheimer Estate is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The estate home known as Grimmet was designed by noted architect John Gilbert McIlvaine a partner of Wilson Eyre and built in 1924 in the Tudor Revival style. It was expanded in 1952. The house has been converted to office use. The property includes the previously listed Wee Grimmet built about 1720 and expanded about 1929 by McIlvaine.
 The Rietveld Schröder House (Dutch: Rietveld Schröderhuis) (also known as the Schröder House) in Utrecht was built in 1924 by Dutch architect Gerrit Rietveld for Mrs. Truus Schröder-Schräder and her three children.She commissioned the house to be designed preferably without walls. Rietveld worked side by side with Schröder-Schräder to create the house. He sketched the first possible design for the building; Schroder-Schrader was not pleased.
 Otis Starkey House is a historic home located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story Federal style residence. It has two sections: a two-story main section and a lower two-story rear wing. Also on the property is a gabled carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 21 Elkton Road in Newark New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1843 and designed by noted architect Richard Upjohn. It is a one story three bay wide brick structure built of brick with stucco facing and a gable roof. It features a 35-foot entrance tower added in 1866 and is in the Gothic Revival style. In 1956 the building was deconsecrated when the parish moved to a larger church.
 The High Museum of Art (colloquially the High) located in Atlanta is the leading art museum in the Southeastern United States. Located on Peachtree Street in Midtown the city's arts district the High is a division of the Woodruff Arts Center. In 2010 it had 509000 visitors 95th among world art museums.
 De Oude Rosmolen is a former restaurant located in Hoorn in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the period 1986-1989 and two Michelin stars is the period 1990-2000.The head chef was Constant Fonk.The restaurant was located in a 17th-century building that once contained a bakery with its own mill.
 The Nebraska Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Nebraska and his family. Located in Lincoln Nebraska it is a modified Georgian Colonial home which began operation as the governor's residence on March 17 1958. Governor Victor E. Anderson was the first to live here. The architect was Selmer Solheim & Associates. The residence has 31 rooms including 5 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms 4 fireplaces and a 3-stall garage.
 Berkshire Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. The district includes 17 properties with 25 contributing buildings including 13 historic residences. The buildings date from about 1820 to 1932.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Amiss-Palmer House also known as the Palmer House is a historic home located at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. It was built the 1850s and is a two-storythree-bay brick house with a hipped roof and pattern-book Greek Revival style elements. These elements include the front portico and frieze. It has a traditional double-pile center-passage form.
 The Oliver Filley House is a Greek Revival building in Bloomfield Connecticut United States. It was occupied by Captain Oliver Filley and his family a tinsmith who served as a captain in the Connecticut militia during the War of 1812.
 Edward W. Vaill House is located in Oradell Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1912 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1990.
 Rittenhouse Square is one of the five original open-space parks planned by William Penn and his surveyor Thomas Holme during the late 17th century in central Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The park cuts off 19th Street at Walnut Street and also at a half block above Manning Street. Its boundaries are 18th Street to the East Walnut St.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is the former cathedral church for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dodge City located in Dodge City Kansas United States.
 The Burke Rehabilitation Hospital is a non-profit 150-bed acute rehabilitation hospital located in White Plains New York. It is the only hospital in Westchester County entirely dedicated to rehabilitation medicine and is one of the few facilities of its kind to have an attached medical research institute conducting basic translational and clinical research related to neurology and rehabilitation.
 The Church of St Mary Magdalene in Chewton Mendip Somerset England was built in the 1540s and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
 Chain Bridge or Change Bridge also known as the Lehigh Canal Swinging Bridge and as Wire Towing Path at Pool No. 8 is a historic change bridge spanning the Lehigh River at Palmer Township and Williams Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1856-1857 and consists of three stone piers and two spans. Each pier is approximately 30 feet high. In 1972 the bridge consisted of the piers and the cable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Beverwyck Manor is a historic home located at Rensselaer in Rensselaer County New York. It was built between 1839 and 1842. It is constructed of stucco over brick and consists of a three story three bay wide central block with the central bay recessed. The central block is flanked by two story single bay extensions. It has a restrained Neoclassical facade and features a one bay portico with stone steps and four Ionic order stone columns.
 St Mary's Church South Cowton is a redundant Anglican church standing in open countryside in the former village of South Cowton near Scotch Corner in North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Church of Saint Peter and Paul in Tepljuh is Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia.
 Van Blarcom House is located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1740 by Peter Van Blarcom and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983. The house is considered a sister house to the nearby Terhune House.
 The Shriners Hospital for Crippled Children also known as Old Shriners Children's Hospital was a building in Portland Oregon built in 1923. It was designed in Colonial Revival style with aspects of the Georgian Revival style subtype. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 and removed on 2011 after being deconstructed in 2004.
 Capitol View/Stifft's Station is a neighborhood in the city of Little Rock Arkansas USA located in the west central portion of the city encompassing approximately 1500 homes. Roughly its boundaries include the area south of West Markham north of Interstate 630 east of Pine and west of Summit as well as south of Riverview between Park and Summit.
 Oak Grove Farm is a historic First Period farmstead at 410 Exchange Street in Millis Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame farmhouse was probably built in three phases the first of which was in the early 18th century. Around this time the left five bays of the house were built as was a central chimney. In the second quarter of the 19th century three bays were added to the right giving the building its current asymmetrical eight-bay facade.
 The Indian Caribbean Museum of Trinidad and Tobago founded in 2006 is a museum dedicated to preserving the history of Indo-Caribbeans. The museum is located near the Temple in the Sea at Waterloo Trinidad. The museum is the only one of its kind in the Caribbean.
 The Burj Al Alam (English: World Tower) was a proposed 108-story 510 m (1670 ft) hyperboloid skyscraper in the Business Bay area of Dubai United Arab Emirates though the project's roots are in a 101-storey design called Fortune 101 and slated for the Dubai Marina area. It was designed to resemble a crystal flower. If constructed it would have become one of the world's tallest buildings.
 Canaan Baptist Church is a historic church at 824 Fifteenth Street North in Bessemer Alabama. It was built in 1961 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The Church of the Messiah located at 114 North 3rd Street in Pulaski Tennessee in the United States is an historic Episcopal church that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1887 and designed by architect George W. Quintard the brother of Charles Quintard the Episcopal Bishop of Tennessee.
 The Laleli Mosque (Turkish: Laleli Camii or Tulip Mosque) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli Fatih Istanbul Turkey.
 Røst Church (Norwegian: Røst kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Røst in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Røstlandet on the island with the same name. The church is part of the Røst parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was completed in 1899 and was consecrated on 26 September 1900. The church seats about 270 people.
 Lui Seng Chun (Chinese: 雷生春) is a Grade I Historic Building located at 119 Lai Chi Kok Road in Mong Kok Hong Kong at the junction with Tong Mi Road. It is a 4-storey tong-lau (the local term for Hong Kong shophouse typology) that was built in 1931 by Mr. Lui Leung. The architect was Mr. W. H. Bourne.
 Kort Grocery is a historic property located on Four Mile Road in Camp Springs Kentucky a rural area of Campbell County Kentucky. The stone building was constructed by Peter Kort in 1880 as part of a settlement built by German immigrants. The structure was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Stirling House is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia.It was constructed in 1908 purpose built as clubrooms for the Toodyay Club (a gentleman's social club) which remained in residence until 1976.The Toodyay Club was established in 1905. Instrumental in its formation were Bernard Maurice Connor Dr. Crawford and Charles Maxwell Lukin. Vernon Hammersley was president in 1906 and initial meetings were held in a disused store.
 Fort Ridgely State Park is a state park of Minnesota USA on the Minnesota River south of Fairfax. It preserves Fort Ridgely site of the Battle of Fort Ridgely during the Dakota War of 1862. It is the only Minnesota state park with a 9-hole golf course which overlooks the Minnesota River and goes along Fort Ridgely Creek.The Civilian Conservation Corps Rustic Style buildings within the state park built between 1934 and 1936 are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St John's Church Ellel is in Church Lane Ellel Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe the appearance of the church as being decidedly monumental.
 Union Church (or Durham Town Hall) is a historic church on 744 Royalsborough Road in Durham Maine.The church was built in 1835 and added to the National Historic Register in 2001.
 Hohnstein Castle (German: Burg Hohnstein) is a one of the largest and best-preserved castle ruins in Germany and is located near Neustadt in the vicinity of Nordhausen in Thuringia.
 Wesley Methodist Church is a historic church at 1727 Gervais Street in Columbia South Carolina.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 Santo Christo Church is an historic church located at 240 Columbia Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The parish was established in 1892 to serve in the local Portuguese community. The Gothic Revival-style church building was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. A building restoration project began in late 2013. The current Pastor is Rev. Gastão A. Oliveira. Masses are celebrated in English and Portuguese.
 The Empress Theatre (also known as Cinema V) is an abandoned Egyptian-style theatre located on Sherbrooke Street West in N.D.G. district of Montreal Canada. It has been closed since 1992.
 The Geelong Art Gallery is a major regional gallery in the city of Geelong in Victoria Australia. The gallery has approximately 4000 works of art in its collection. The gallery forms Geelong's Arts Precinct with the adjacent Geelong Performing Arts Centre Geelong Heritage Centre Geelong Courthouse centre and the Geelong Library.
 Church of the Holy Mother of God (also Surp Asdvadzadzin Surp Asdvatsatsin Surp Asdvatsatsna Virgin Mary church) is an Armenian Apostolic church in Suleimaniyeh area of Aleppo Syria near the Quweiq river. The construction of the church is active since its consecration which took place on 1 May 1983 by Karekin II Catholicos of the Armenian Catholicosate of Cilicia.
 For over 40 years the community has entrusted the BC Sports Hall of Fame with the responsibility to collect preserve study and interpret materials that relate to British Columbia's sport history. In 1993 the BC Sports Hall of Fame opened in BC Place Stadium located at Gate A the main entrance to the Stadium.
 The John B. Ragland Mercantile Company Building is an Italianate building at 201 E. Kleberg Ave. in Kingsville Texas. It was designed by Jules Leffland and was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Summerfield Street Row Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 19 contributing buildings built in 1912. They are brick two story row houses with one apartment per floor. They feature round bays and yellow iron-spot brick facades.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mt. Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge #59 is a historic building at Crownsville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was constructed in 1899 and is a small two-story wood frame building with a gable roof. A small one-story gable roof addition was made in 2000. Founded as the United Sons and Daughters of Levi Beneficial Society No.
 The Elms (or Eagle Hotel) is a historic site on Elm Street in Mechanic Falls Maine.The Elms was built in 1859 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
 St. John's Block Commercial Exchange is a Richardsonian Romanesque building in Grand Forks North Dakota United States. It is a five story brick and ashlar building built during 1890–1891. It is smaller than one acre. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.It was included in a 1981 study of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources that led to a large number of NRHP listings.
 The Walk of the Stars is a section of the Bandstand Promenade in Bandra Mumbai honouring Bollywood film stars. The path features about six statues of famous Bollywood actors as well as about 100 brass plates embossed with the handprints and signatures of other stars. The walk was inspired by the Hollywood Walk of Fame. It is funded and privately managed by UTV and promoted through their UTV Stars television channel. The walk is 2 km long.
 The Brown Apartments is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The General Building also called the Tennessee General Building or the First Bank Building is an office high-rise located in downtown Knoxville Tennessee United States. Constructed in the mid-1920s the 15-story building is the only high-rise designed by Charles I. Barber and has over the years housed the offices of dozens of banks physicians and various financial and architectural firms. The Lexington Tennessee-based First Bank is the current anchor tenant.
 The Dull Knife Battlefield is located on the eastern slope of the Bighorn Mountains in Johnson County Wyoming near Kaycee Wyoming. It was the scene of the Dull Knife Fight on November 25 1876 in which the Fourth Cavalry under General Ranald S. Mackenzie raided a Cheyenne winter encampment forcing the Cheyenne to surrender at agencies in the area in order to survive the winter. 500 ponies where captured and about 173 lodges and all the Indians where completely destroyed.
 Provost is a historic home located near Powhatan Powhatan County Virginia. The original section was built about 1800 as a 1 1/2-story three bay frame dwelling. It was expanded by an additional three bays in the mid-19th century. The building housed a general store that operated there from at least 1867 until about 1945 and a post office from 1902 to 1939.
 Lebanon Lutheran Church in South Dakota was established by Norwegian immigrants to the Sisseton-Wahpeton (Lake Traverse) Sioux Indian Reservation.
 Venngarn Castle (Swedish: Venngarns slott) is a castle in Sweden.
 The Hogan Fountain Pavilion is a mid-century modern architectural structure located within Cherokee Park Louisville Kentucky built in 1965. This picnic shelter is available for rental for a variety of events. When not rented the pavilion is available at no charge to all park visitors.
 Manchester Town Hall Extension was built between 1934 and 1938 to provide additional accommodation for local government services. It was built between St Peter's Square and Lloyd Street in Manchester city centre England. English Heritage designated it a grade II* listed building on 3 October 1974. Its eclectic style was designed to be a link between the ornate Gothic Revival Manchester Town Hall and the Classical architecture of the Central Library.
 Art's Auto is an historic site at 5-7 Lonsdale Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The structure was built in 1927 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Bonnie and Clyde Garage Apartment is located at 3347½ Oak Ridge Drive in Joplin Missouri though it actually fronts on 34th Street. The apartment was the location where the Barrow gang hid out after a series of robberies in Missouri and neighboring states. After twelve days neighbors reported suspicious behavior and on April 13 1933 the Joplin Police Department raided the apartment. Two of the police officers were killed by the fleeing fugitives.
 Retreat is a historic home located at Port Tobacco Charles County Maryland United States. It is a one story clapboard-sheathed frame house with a double chimney. The principal part of the house was built about 1770. Also located on the property is a frame pyramid-roofed meathouse dating from the early 19th century and moved here from another historic property in the county known as Brentland in 1953.
 The Dillon Memorial is located in LeClaire Park near downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993. It is commonly referred to as the Dillon Fountain.
 Old St Andrew's Church Kingsbury is a redundant Anglican church in the London Borough of Brent Greater London England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Eastside Historic Cemetery District is a historic district bounded by Elmwood Avenue Mt. Elliott Avenue Lafayette Street and Waterloo Street in Detroit Michigan. The district consists of three separate cemeteries: Mount Elliott Cemetery (Catholic established 1841) Elmwood Cemetery (Protestant established 1846) and the Lafayette Street Cemetery (Jewish established 1850). The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Kau Kee Restaurant (Chinese: 九記牛腩) is a noodle shop with over ninety years of history on Gough Street Hong Kong. Kau Kee is known for creating beef brisket noodles in clear soup. Notable patrons include Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang and actor Tony Leung Chiu Wai. It is unique compared with other noodle shops in that it only serves beef brisket in clear soup and curry beef brisket and does not serve fishballs beefballs and other dishes usually associated with noodle shops.
 San Frediano in Cestello is a church in the Oltrarno section of Florence Tuscany Italy. The name cestello derives from the Cistercians who occupied the church in 1628. Previously the site had a 1450s church attached to the cloistered Carmelite convent of Santa maria degli Angeli.In 1680-1689 the church was rebuilt on the designs of Gherardo Silvani and Giulio Cerutti. The imposing cupola and bell tower added in 1689 by Antonio Maria Ferri.
 St Peter's Church is the Parish Church of Selsey West Sussex and dates from the 13th century. The Church building was originally situated at the location of St Wilfrid's first monastery and cathedral at Church Norton some 2 miles north of the present centre of population.
 Pine Terrace is a historic home located at Highland Falls in Orange County New York. It was built about 1865 and is a two story brick building with a central three story pavilion. It features a slate mansard roof with a wooden bracketed cornice in the Second Empire style. It was converted to apartments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Mille Lacs Indian Museum is a museum dedicated to the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe's history culture and contemporary life. It officially opened to the public on May 18 1996. Located in Onamia Minnesota it is one of the 26 historical sites and museums run by the Minnesota Historical Society.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 2100 4th Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Westin at Tulsa Garden Square is a high-rise building proposed for construction in Tulsa Oklahoma. The building was submitted to the Tulsa Development Authority on April 20 2006 and is planned to be constructed adjacent to the recently completed BOK Center in downtown Tulsa. The proposed structure was to cover the city block bounded by Second to Third Streets and Cheyenne to Denver Avenues.
 Not to be confused with the San Bernardino County High Desert Detention Center also in Adelanto CaliforniaAdelanto Detention Center is a privately operated federal prison in Adelanto San Bernardino County California.
 The Morean Arts Center (formally known as the The Arts Center) in St. Petersburg Florida displays works by local national and international artists. Past displays have included artists' works by Jasper Johns Duncan McClellan Allison Massari Peter Max Babs Reingold and Jun Kaneko. Art classes are also offered. the Arts Center is located at 719 Central Avenue.
 Milton Ulladulla Hospital (abbreviated MUH) is a local public hospital located in the town of Milton New South Wales. The hospital services the Milton Ulladulla district in the Shoalhaven. It is located on the Princes Highway at Milton and is approximately 7 km (4.3 mi) by road from Ulladulla. MUH is operated by the Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District. In summer months tourism brings a large influx of population to the region requiring operational flexibility.
 Peter Pond Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the Fort McMurray area of Wood Buffalo Alberta Canada.
 Torre Intesa Sanpaolo in Turin Italy is a skyscraper currently under construction that will serve as the headquarters for the banking group Intesa Sanpaolo.The building once completed will be the tallest in the city surpassing the landmark Mole Antonelliana which has held the record since 1889.The Intesa SanPaolo tower will provide office accommodation for more than 2000 employees as well as providing leisure facilities for the general public.
 The four active synagogues of Gibraltar are colloquially known as the Great Synagogue the Little Synagogue the Flemish Synagogue and the Abudarham Synagogue. The first synagogue established after the 1717 expulsion of Jews from Gibraltar the Great Synagogue was built on what is now known as Engineer Lane and remains Gibraltar's principal synagogue. The Little Synagogue founded in 1759 in Irish Town was the result of the desire of Moroccan Jews for a less formal service.
 St. Peter's Church is a Church of England parish church at Dixton on the banks of the River Wye about 1 mile (1.6 km) north-east of Monmouth Wales. The church is a Grade II* listed building and the cross in the churchyard is also a listed building and a scheduled monument.
 The Burlington Train Station located at 1001 South 10th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska is a historically and culturally significant landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. When it was opened in 1898 this Italianate style building designed by Thomas Rogers Kimball was hailed by newspapers around the world for its grand architecture and accommodations.
 Bishop Hall is an academic administrative and residence building housing members of the honors program and co-ed upperclass residents of Miami University.
 The Harris Dental Museum is a small brick building in the village of Bainbridge in Ross County Ohio United States. Built as a residence in 1815 it once housed the first dental school in the United States and it is now operated as a museum.A native of Pompey New York Harris settled in the Ohio community of Madison in 1819; after practicing medicine with a specialty in dental work he moved to Bainbridge and soon embarked on training young doctors.
 The Des Moines Art Center is an art museum with an extensive collection of paintings sculpture modern art and mixed media. It was established in 1948 in Des Moines Iowa.
 Kunsthalle Düsseldorf is an exhibition hall for contemporary art in Düsseldorf.
 Gray-Taylor House is a historic home located at Brookville Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1882 and is a three-story brick dwelling with a two-story rear wing in the Second Empire-style. It features a three-story projecting bay window mansard roof and a one-story open porch across the front facade.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is located in the Brookville Historic District.
 The Art and Frieda Maxwell Barn southeast of Buhl Idaho United States was built in 1915 by Henry Schick a German-Russian immigrant to the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Western Heritage Center is a regional museum located in the Historic District in downtown Billings Montana. This museum used to be the Parmly Billings Memorial Library. Built in 1901 the library turned museum houses a collection of artifacts about the history of the Yellowstone River Valley.The Western Heritage Center is affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Coney Island USA is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit arts organization founded in 1980 that is dedicated to the cultural and economic revitalization of the Coney Island neighborhood of the Borough of Brooklyn in New York City.
 The American River Grange Hall in Rancho Cordova northern California — is an 1882 wooden Grange Hall building.
 The Union Block is a historic business building on Public Square in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1878 it is a three-story brick building with a modified rectangular floor plan and a sloping roofline.From Lima's earliest years the Union Block's site on the southeastern corner of today's Public Square was a leading commercial site. Preceding it was Lima's first hotel built by the second white man to settle in Lima.
 The Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Macau (TECO; Chinese: 臺北經濟文化辦事處; pinyin: Táiběi Jīngjì Wénhuà Bànshìchù) is the representative office of the Republic of China in Macau. Its counterpart body in Taiwan is the Macau Economic and Cultural Office in Taiwan.The office is located at Dynasty Plaza building in Freguesia da Sé.
 The Novium is the name of a museum in Chichester West Sussex southern England. The name comes from the Roman name for the city Noviomagus Reginorum.The museum designed by the architect Keith Williams has an area of 1300 sq m which is approximately 2.4 times the size of the previous museum in Little London. The building is divided into three floors each of which will contain a gallery for exhibition.
 J.N. Adam-AM&A Historic District is a national historic district located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The district resulted from the agglomeration of commercial structures over many years of commercial growth and still reflects conscious decisions made by the original planners of the J. N. Adam & Co. and later AM&A's department stores. The main department store was designed by Starrett & van Vleck and built in 1935 with additions made in 1946-1948.
 Henderson Building is a historic administration building located on the campus of Southwestern Virginia Mental Health Institute at Marion Smyth County Virginia. It was built in 1887 in the Victorian style and remodeled in 1930-1931 in the Classical Revival style. When built it was a four-story brick building with a 118 foot clock tower. With the 1930-1931 remodeling The tower was removed and replaced with an octagonal rotunda and the building reduced to three stories.
 Helderberg Reformed Dutch Church was a historic Dutch Reformed church at 140 Main Street in Guilderland Albany County New York. It was built in 1895 in a vernacular Late Gothic Revival style. The church burned and was demolished in 1986.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Saviour's Church is an Anglican chapel in Stydd a hamlet near Ribchester in Lancashire England. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 The Jama Masjid of Herat (مسجد جمعه هرات) also known as the Masjid-i Jami' of Herat and the Great Mosque of Herat is a mosque in the city of Herat in the Herat Province of north-western Afghanistan. It was built by Ghurids the famous Sultan Ghayas-ud-Din Ghori who laid its foundation in 1200 AD and later extended by several rulers as Herat changed rulers down the centuries from the Timurids to the Safavids to the Mughals and the Uzbeks all of whom supported the mosque.
 The Upper Burial Ground is a cemetery in the Germantown section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is notable as the last resting place of 58 American soldiers from the Battle of Germantown in the American Revolution. It is adjacent to the Concord School House.The Upper Burial Ground is a contributing property of the Colonial Germantown Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Nicholas' Church is the Anglican parish church of West Itchenor a village in the Chichester district of West Sussex United Kingdom.
 Mt. Gilboa Chapel is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Church located in Oella Baltimore County Maryland. It is a small stone church measuring 28 feet by 42 feet built about 1859 by free African Americans. The front façade is ashlar masonry but the sides and rear are of rubble.The building is the replacement of an earlier log chapel of unknown origin. It is possible that neighbor Benjamin Banneker attended services in such a log building.
 Whig Hill is a historic house built in 1833. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.Whig Hill was the principal element within a listing Whig Hill and Dependencies which included two barn clusters a tenant house and other outbuildings. The barn cluster north of Genesee Street described in 1975 is no longer present in 2009. The south barn remains.
 The Margaret Lyttle Memorial School Junior Campus is the junior campus of Preshil. It was designed by Kevin Borland. The buildings that Kevin Borland designed at the Preshil School are experimental in design and uses triangular and hexagonal geometries together with diagonals in both plan and section. This creates a variety of internal and external spaces irregular forms and buildings that strongly deviates from the conventional school buildings of that time.
 The American Watch Tool Company is a historic factory complex at 169 Elm Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The company was founded in 1877 as a spin-off from the successful American Watch Company. This complex of four connected buildings was built up between 1877 and 1916. All four buildings are two stories and are built of brick. The company was established by tool makers who then produced tools for use by other watch makers.
 Scouting in Arkansas has a long history from the 1913 to the present day serving thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
 Quincy Point Fire Station is a historic fire station at 615 Washington Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1941 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Park Road Courts is an apartment building and an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood in Washington D.C. It is three-story brick building built on a raised basement. The architectural firm of Hunter & Bell designed the structure that was completed in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Woodland Baptist Church is a historic church at 885 Woodland Church Road in Woodland Tennessee.It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 St Peter's Church Hayton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Hayton Nottinghamshire.
 Namaste Tower is a 300 m (984 ft) tall skyscraper currently under construction in Mumbai India. It will be a mixed use skyscraper with 62 floors that will house a 380-room W Hotel office and retail space. It has been designed by Atkins Dubai. The design resembles the Namaste gesture: two wings of the hotel are clasped together like hands greeting.
 The Moscow Covered Bridge is a covered bridge of Burr Arch construction 334 feet (102 m) long in two spans over Big Flat Rock River in Moscow Indiana a small unincorporated town in Rush County Indiana. It is the third longest covered bridge in the state.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Snape Anglo-Saxon Cemetery is a place of burial dated to the 6th century CE located on Snape Common near to the town of Aldeburgh in Suffolk Eastern England. Dating to the early part of the Anglo-Saxon Era of English history it contains a variety of different forms of burial with inhumation and cremation burials being found in roughly equal proportions. The site is also known for the inclusion of a high status ship burial.
 Maiden Castle is an Iron Age hill fort one of many fortified hill-top settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age but one of only seven in the county of Cheshire in northern England. The hill fort was probably occupied from its construction in 600 BC until the Roman conquest of Britain in the 1st century AD.
 The Phineas Lawrence House is a historic house at 257 Trapelo Road in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1807-08 by Phineas Lawrence member of the locally prominent Lawrence family who had owned land in the northeastern part of Waltham since the 17th century. The house is a well-preserved example of Federal styling.
 Grabštejn (German: Grafenstein) is a castle situated not far from the city of Liberec in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic near the three-country-border area where the borders of the Czech Republic Germany and Poland meet.
 The Emma Willard House was a home of Emma Willard an influential pioneer in the development of women's education in the United States. It was known as the Middlebury Female Seminary when Emma Willard established a school for girls at her home in 1814. The Middlebury Female Seminary was a precursor to the Emma Willard School an all girl private boarding and university preparatory day school in Troy New York.
 Bellevue Baptist Church is a large Southern Baptist megachurch in the Cordova area of Memphis Tennessee United States. Bellevue is the largest church in Memphis and is one of the leading churches in the Southern Baptist Convention. Bellevue's goals are to Love God Love People Share Jesus and Make Disciples. The church's head pastor has been Dr. Steve Gaines since 2005.
 The Star Theatre is a historic Streamline Modern/Art Deco former theatre in the inner Launceston suburb of Invermay Tasmania. When it opened in 1937 the theatre provided seating for 250 persons. It has currently been converted for use by the St. Vincent de Paul Society as a charity store after the theatre closed in 1969.
 Belhurst Castle is a former private residence on the shores of Seneca Lake in Geneva New York. Architect Albert W. Fuller designed the imposing stone mansion in the Romanesque Revival style popular in the last two decades of the nineteenth century. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Supplemented by modern facilities Belhurst Castle has been adapted for hotel and retail uses.
 Beaver Creek Plantation under the ownership of George Hairston was a large slave-holding tobacco plantation and the center of an empire in tobacco-growing and slave-trading built by the Hairston family Scottish emigrants to Pennsylvania in the early 18th century. Located just outside of today’s Martinsville Virginia the plantation thrived in tobacco production and textile manufacturing as well as producing household goods and raising livestock.
 The Old New York County Courthouse at 52 Chambers Street in Manhattan New York City more commonly known as the Tweed Courthouse was built in Italianate style with Romanesque Revival interiors using funds provided by the corrupt William M. Boss Tweed whose Tammany Hall political machine controlled the city and state governments at the time. The outer shell of the building was constructed from 1861–1872 by the architect John Kellum with the political appointee Thomas Little.
 The Church of St Mary Magdalen is a Roman Catholic church in Ipswich. It was founded in 1956 and is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of East Anglia. It was originally a part of the parish of Saint Pancras.
 Woodkirk Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire England.
 First Church Parsonage is a historic parsonage at 160 Palisado Avenue in Windsor Connecticut.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St Joseph and St Francis Xavier Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Richmond North Yorkshire. It is situated between Newbiggin and Victoria Road to the south of Richmondshire Cricket Club. The church was built in 1868 and was designed by George Goldie. It was founded by the Society of Jesus and it is a Grade II listed building.
 The deBrum House located on Likiep Island of Likiep Atoll in the Marshall Islands is a plantation house that was built by 1888 by Joachim deBrum. Also known as Debrum House it was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976.Joachim deBrum was son of Jose deBrum who together with A. Capelle had purchased LikiepAtoll during the 1870s. It was lived in by the deBrum family until the late 1940s.
 St Swithin London Stone was an Anglican Church in the City of London. It stood on the north side of Cannon Street between Salters' Hall Court and St Swithin's Lane which runs north from Cannon Street to King William Street and takes its name from the church. Of medieval origin it was destroyed by the Great Fire of London and rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren. It was badly damaged by bombing during the Second World War and the remains demolished in 1962.
 Mapeera House is a building in Kampala the capital of Uganda.
 Fox River Mall is a mall located at 4301 W Wisconsin Ave. Appleton Wisconsin) in the United States. This mall opened on July 18 1984.The Fox River Mall is a super regional shopping center of 1210000 square feet (112000 m2) located on approximately 137 acres (0.55 km2) of land. It is the largest shopping mall in northeast Wisconsin and second largest in the state with over 180 stores. It is anchored by JCPenney Sears Macy's Younkers Scheels All Sports and Target.
 The Wellington Monument is a 175 feet (53 m) high triangular tower located on the highest point of the Blackdown Hills 3 km (1.9 miles) south of Wellington in the English county of Somerset. It is a grade II* listed building.It was designed to commemorate the Duke of Wellington's victory at the Battle of Waterloo and started in 1817 however a revised and cheaper design was eventually used and completed in 1854. The stone column is 53.34 metres (175.0 ft) high.
 The Kamakura Museum of National Treasures (鎌倉国宝館 Kamakura Kokuhōkan) or Kamakura Museum or Kamakura National Treasure House is a museum located on the grounds of Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū in Yukinoshita Kamakura Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. The museum houses around 4800 objects from the Kamakura region including sculptures paintings and industrial art objects. Most of these works originate from the Kamakura and Muromachi periods spanning from the 12th to the 16th century.
 The Air Museum (Portuguese: Museu do Ar) is an aviation museum of the Portuguese Air Force located at Sintra Air Base and with spaces at Ovar and Alverca.
 Tovrea Castle is a historic structure and landmark in Phoenix Arizona. Originally intended as a centerpiece for a resort and later a private residence the castle is now part of the Phoenix parks system and is designated as one of the Phoenix Points of Pride. Plans were to fully open the site to the public in 2009 but cost overruns delayed the opening.
 The Massachusetts Hornfels-Braintree Slate Quarry is an archaeological site in Milton Massachusetts. It consists of a series of pits and trenches used from 7000 B.P. until the early 17th century as a source of slate and hornfels used for chipped and ground tools. Pieces made from material quarried at the site are found over much of eastern Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Benton Commercial Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.The district includes Italianate Early Commercial Art Deco and other architecture in 33 contributing buildings over 10.8 acres (4.4 ha) covering portions of the 100 and 200 blocks of N. Main N. Market N. East W. South and Sevier St.It includes three buildings that were already separately listed on the National Register: the Saline County Courthouse at 200 W.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Valea Pomilor Romania completed in the 18th century.
 Ademuz is the complex of two twins skyscrapers Ademuz 1 and Ademuz 2. Are located in Valencia Spain. Completed in 2003 Ademuz 1 has 26 floors Ademuz 2 has 24 floors and both have a height 90 metres. These are some of the tallest buildings in the city lower than Hilton Valencia Torre de Francia Aqua Multiespacio; have the same height as the very similar Torres Llaves de Oro. Ademuz 1 is residential building Ademuz 1 is hotel.
 Tōji-in (等持院) is a Buddhist temple of the Rinzai Tenryū sect located in Kita Ward Kyoto Japan and one of two funeral temples (bodaiji) dedicated to Ashikaga Takauji first shogun of the Ashikaga dynasty. Its main object of worship is Shakyamuni and its honorary sangō prefix is Mannenzan (萬年山).
 Accord Metropolitan is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. Located on G.N. Chetty Road in T.Nagar the hotel was initially opened as Trader's Hotel. The hotel was built at a cost of 1000 million.The hotel is 13 stories high and has 162 rooms including a presidential suite three studio apartments six deluxe suites and nine Accord club rooms. The rooms have a minimum size of 30 sq m.
 The White Building also known as the Heberling Building is located in the city of Bloomington Illinois United States. Located along Bloomington's East Douglas Street the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in June 1994 and represents one of the better examples of Commercial style architecture still extant in the city. It was built by Bloomington resident Samuel R. White in 1894-1895 to house his furniture sales company.
 Ellen and Charles F. Welles House also known as The Old Red House Grovedale Farm and Homer P. Dean Funeral Home is a historic home located in Wyalusing Township Bradford County Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1822 and is a transitional brick Greek Revival-style dwelling. A 2 1/2-story frame Queen Anne-style addition built in 1894. Also on the property are a small frame barn (c. 1870) a large frame barn and carriage barn (c. 1850) corn crib (c.
 Walker House also known as the William Walker House is a historic home located at Warren Albemarle County Virginia. It was built between 1803 and 1805 and is a one-story three-bay hipped-roof brick house on a high English basement. It has a one-story one-bay shed-roofed brick addition built in 1978. It was built by James Walker a long time employee of Thomas Jefferson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Castle Rings is a univallate hill fort in the parish of Donhead St Mary in Wiltshire in England. The fort is a Scheduled Ancient Monument with a list entry identification number of 1005698. Castle Rings has been dated to the Iron Age and is situated at an altitude of 228 metres (748 ft) upon Upper Greensand sandstone beds.
 The Wolfe Ranch also known as Turnbow Cabin is located in Arches National Park near Moab Utah U.S.John Wesley Wolfe settled in the location in 1888 with his oldest son Fred. A nagging leg injury from the Civil War prompted Wolf to move west from Ohio looking for a drier climate. He chose this tract of more than 100 acres (0.40 km2) along Salt Wash for its water and grassland - enough for a few cattle. The Wolfes built a one-room cabin a corral and a small dam across Salt Wash.
 Boulder Crescent Place Historic District is a historic area in Colorado Springs Colorado along West Boulder and Cascade Avenue near the intersection of the two streets. It is a National Register of Historic Places listing and is on the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.
 Oak Ridge Historic District (also known as Clinton Engineer Works Townsite) is a historic district in Oak Ridge Tennessee that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Malnes Church (Norwegian: Malnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Eide. The church is part of the Bø og Malnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white church was built in 1895 and it seats about 320 people. The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the current church building.The church at Malnes was established in the 1500s at Malnes near the village of Hovden.
 Restaurant Hermitage is a restaurant located in Rijsoord Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1995–present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.Head chef of Hermitage is Jan Klein.Jan Klein started the restaurant in Zwijndrecht but relocated to Rijsoord in 1999. The present building is a monument and former farm named Wapen van Rijsoord built around 1800.Hermitage is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.
 The Bohart Museum of Entomology was founded in 1946 on the campus of the University of California Davis. The museum is currently the seventh largest insect collection in North America with more than seven million specimens of terrestrial and freshwater arthropods. At least 90% of these holdings are insects. The collection is worldwide in scope with the Western Hemisphere Indonesia and Australasia particularly well represented.
 Otto's Sausage Kitchen formerly Otto's Meat Market is a sausage restaurant and meat market located in Woodstock neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States. German immigrant Otto Eichentopf established Otto's Meat Market in Aberdeen Washington in the 1910s before relocating to Portland in 1921. Otto's Meat Market opened on Southeast Woodstock Boulevard in 1922. A new building was constructed at its current location in 1936.
 Texas Children's Hospital is a pediatric hospital located in the Texas Medical Center in Houston Texas.With 639 licensed beds and 465 beds in operation Texas Children's is the largest children's hospital in the United States and is affiliated with the Baylor College of Medicine as that institution's primary pediatric training site.As of 2011 U.S.
 Queen Mary Hospital (Chinese: 瑪麗醫院) located in Pok Fu Lam on Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong is the flagship teaching hospital of the Faculty of Dentistry and Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong. It has around 1400 beds. It provides general medical and surgical services to the residents of Western and Southern districts and is a tertiary referral centre for the whole territory of Hong Kong and beyond.
 The Frederick P. Currier House is a private residential structure located at 231 East Saint Clair Street in the village of Almont in Almont Township in southeastern Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on April 5 1975 and soon after added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 10 1975.Built in 1854 the 2½ story house was designed in the octagon style which was popular at the time.
 The Canaan Union Depot also known as the Union Depot is located in Canaan Village in the town of North Canaan Connecticut and is a former union station. It was built in 1872 at the junction of the Housatonic Railroad and the Connecticut Western Railroad which was acquired by the Central New England Railway.
 The Allan Miller House is a prairie style house in the South Shore neighborhood of Chicago United States. Located along Paxton Avenue the home is the only surviving example of Frank Lloyd Wright colleague John S. Van Bergen's work found in Chicago. The house is cast in prairie style and was constructed in 1913. The building has been declared a Chicago Landmark and is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sasmita Loka Ahmad Yani Museum houses a collection from Ahmad Yani and some dioramas about the G-30-S/PKI 30 September 1965. The museum is located in jalan Lembang 58 or jalan Laturharhari 65 Central Jakarta Indonesia. The museum is open free to public from Tuesday until Sunday from 08:00 WIB until 14:00 WIB.
 Dong-A University Hospital (동아대학교의료원) is a major general hospital affiliated with Dong-A University in Busan South Korea. The hospital is situated in the Seo-gu area of Busan within 20 minutes of Dong-A University's Seunghak and Bumin campuses. The land which it covers is at the foot of Mt. Gudeok and Daeshin Citizens' Park and is shared between the College of Social Sciences College of Arts College of Medicine School of Mass Communication and Graduate School of Social Welfare.
 Research Plot 30 is a historic agriculture site on the North Dakota State University campus in Fargo North Dakota. When the pioneers broke up the grass prairie sod flax was usually one of the first crops sown. If flax was sown continuously or with short rotations between subsequent flax crops the flax became diseased and was called flax sick by farmers. The symptoms were wilting and dying flax plants during the growing season.
 St John the Baptist's Church Atherton is in Market Place Atherton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Leigh deanery in the archdeaconry of Salford and diocese of Manchester. Together with St George's and St Philip's Churches in Atherton and St Michael and All Angels at Howe Bridge the church is part of the United Benefice of Atherton and Hindsford with Howe Bridge. It is designated a Grade II listed building.
 Corliss-Brackett House also known as Charles Brackett House is an historic house at 45 Prospect Street in Providence Rhode IslandThe Italian Villa style house was built in 1875 by George Henry Corliss inventor of the Corliss Steam Engine. It was later acquired by his relative Charles Brackett a screenwriter who donated the house to Brown University in 1955. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. From 1973-2013 the house served as the Admission Office for Brown.
 The Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna (GNAM) or National Gallery of Modern Art is an art gallery in Rome Italy founded in 1883 and dedicated to modern and contemporary art; the full name is Galleria nazionale d'arte moderna e contemporanea.It is located at Via delle Belle Arti 113 near the Etruscan Museum. With its neoclassical and Romantic paintings and sculptures it marks a dramatic change from the glories of the Renaissance and ancient Rome.
 St Bartholomew's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican church dedicated to Bartholomew the Apostle in Welby Lincolnshire England. It is situated 4 miles (6 km) north-east from Grantham and 1 mile (1.6 km) east from High Dyke part of the old Ermine Street Roman road. The church is in the ecclesiastical parish and Group of Ancaster and Wilsford in the Deanery of Loveden and the Diocese of Lincoln.
 College Square is an indoor regional shopping mall located in Morristown Tennessee. College Square is owned and managed by CBL & Associates. It features approximately 70 stores and restaurants including Carmike College Square Cinemas 12.Opened in 1988 College Square is the only shopping mall in an eight-county area of East Tennessee.
 Wells Fargo Center is a twin tower skyscraper complex in downtown Los Angeles California comprising Wells Fargo Tower and KPMG Tower joined by a three-story glass atrium. The project received the 1986–1987 and 2003-2004 Building Owners and Managers Association (BOMA) Office Building of the Year Award and numerous others. Wells Fargo History Museums is located at the center.
 Paramus Park is a shopping center located on From Road in Paramus New Jersey United States sandwiched between Route 17 and the Garden State Parkway a little more than two miles (3 km) north of Route 4. The mall is owned by General Growth Properties and offers a Gross leasable area (GLA) of 770941 sq ft (71622.8 m2).
 St George's Church Carrington is in the village of Carrington Trafford Greater Manchester England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building but is now redundant and in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a relatively isolated position south of the Manchester Ship Canal along the northern edge of the Carrington Moss industrial estate.
 Boligee Hill now known as Myrtle Hill is a historic plantation house near Boligee Alabama. The Boligee Hill plantation was established in 1835 by Dr. John David Means. He had migrated to Alabama from Newberry South Carolina. Dr. Means had 110 slaves according to the 1850 Greene County census. The house was built in 1840. It was acquired by the Hays family in 1869 and renamed Myrtle Hall for the sweet myrtle growing around it.
 Stiklestad Church (Norwegian: Stiklestad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Stiklestad. The church is part of the Stiklestad parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church building was completed in 1180. It was designed by Archbishop Øystein Erlendsson and it seats about 520 people.
 Samaritan Albany General Hospital is a 76-bed medical facility in Albany Oregon. Services include a level III trauma center as well as the first open magnetic resonance imaging facility in the middle Willamette Valley.It is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO).
 Totem Lake Mall is a small shopping mall in Kirkland Washington United States. The center consists of an enclosed shopping mall (Lower Mall) and an adjacent strip mall (Upper Mall). Collectively the two centers are sometimes referred to as Totem Lake Malls. Following the redevelopment of major regional malls beginning in the 1980s Totem Lake Mall went into steady decline losing most of its major tenants.
 The Ballou House is an historic house on Albion Road in Lincoln Rhode Island.The Federal era house was constructed in in 1782. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1984.
 CastleCourt is a shopping centre on Royal Avenue in Belfast Northern Ireland. It is Northern Ireland's third largest shopping centre after Victoria Square and Foyleside in Derry and has approximately 16 million visits a year. Sale densities at CastleCourt rank in the top 10% in the country.
 St Mary's Church Shipton Solars is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Shipton Solars (alternative spellings Shipton Sollars and Shipton Solers) Gloucestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Acacia Lodge also known as Shourds-Price House is a craftsman style home in Santa Barbara California that is significant for its architecture and landscape design. It was designed by William Brownell and built in 1917 as a rental lodge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is privately owned and not open to the public.
 The Missouri Kansas and Texas Railroad Depot popularly known as Katy Station was built in downtown Columbia Missouri in 1909 by the Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad. The station was one of two train stations serving Columbia in the 20th century the other being the Wabash Railroad Station and Freight House constructed the same year. The building is the terminus of the MKT Trail a rails-to-trails project that was built on the former spur of the railroad.
 Mary Queen of Peace Church Pottsville is a Roman Catholic church in Pottsville Pennsylvania. It is located at 728 North Centre Street. The current structure was built in 1929.
 17th Street Plaza is a 438 ft (134 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1982 and has 32 floors with a total area of 666653-square-feet. It was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and Wendel Duchsherer Architects. It is currently (2012) the 11th tallest building in Denver.In 2009 the building was bought from J.P. Morgan for an estimated $135 million by HRPT Properties Trust.
 Bridge Street Properties is the name given to the redevelopment of a factory site on the Hudson River in Irvington New York United States. Originally built between 1904 and 1912 the 205000 square feet (19000 m2) site now houses various commercial and retail companies in 600 square feet (56 m2) to 40000 square feet (3700 m2) office suites and lofts.
 Shawnee Friends Mission (Friends Meeting House) is a historic Quaker mission and meeting house in Shawnee Oklahoma.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 Pulaski County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Pulaski Pulaski County Virginia. It was built in 1895-1896 and is a 2 1/2-story Romanesque / Queen Anne style roughcut limestone building. The front facade features a projecting central entrance tower. The building has a hipped roof projecting corner towers and a classically ornamented belfry covered by an elongated domical roof and capped by a lantern. It was designed by W.
 The Georgetown Armouries is a Canadian Forces armoury in Georgetown Ontario. In the Canadian Forces an armoury is a place where a reserve unit trains meets and parades.
 Auraria 9th Street Historic District is a historic district in Denver Colorado at Auraria Campus. The street has been removed and replaced with a greenway.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Mansakenning is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1903 and is a Georgian-inspired manor house. It is a rectangular two to three story stone dwelling with a hipped roof and built into a hillside. The five bay wide building features a hipped roof entrance porch supported by paired Doric order columns.
 The Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts is an Arts and Crafts center in the U.S. city of Gatlinburg Tennessee. The oldest craft school in Tennessee Arrowmont offers workshops in arts and crafts such as painting woodworking glassblowing photography basket weaving and metalworking and sponsors an 11-month artist in residence program.
 The Second A. P. Cutter House is a historic house at 89 Summer Street in Arlington Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 and is associated with one of several Ammi Pierce Cutters from the locally prominent Cutter family. The house is architecturally transitional exhibiting Italianate massing with Greek Revival decorations.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Inkwell also known as The Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located on U.S. 264 east of Lake Landing on Lake Mattamuskeet near Engelhard North Carolina. It was built in 1855 by Dr. William T. Sparrow. It is now houses the Partnership for the Sounds and is open two days a week.On September 1 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The United States Penitentiary Pollock (USP Pollock) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Louisiana. It is part of the Pollock Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Pollock) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCC Pollock is located in central Louisiana approximately 15 miles north of Alexandria.
 The Minnesota Territorial Prison later known as the Minnesota State Prison was a prison in Stillwater Minnesota United States operated from 1853 to 1914. Construction of the prison began in 1851 shortly after Minnesota became a territory.
 The Vilna Shul is a synagogue in Boston Massachusetts built for an Orthodox congregation in 1919 by immigrants primarily from Vilna Lithuania. The building stands on what is known as the back side of Beacon Hill. The front of the hill has always been filled with stately homes and faces the Boston Common. The back of the hill was the early residence of Boston's black community and later of a series of immigrant communities.
 Leicester Town Hall in the city centre of Leicester England it is set in a square which contains a fountain. The building is the town hall of the city of Leicester and contains Leicester Bike Park.The town hall was built on the former cattle market between 1874 and 1876 in the Queen Anne Style by Francis Hames. Before it was built the Guildhall acted as the town hall.On the first Wednesday of each month a free tour is given by a Blue Badge tourist guide.
 Parliament House (Finnish: Eduskuntatalo Swedish: Riksdagshuset) is the seat of the Parliament of Finland. It is located in the Finnish capital of Helsinki in the district of Töölö.
 The Riga Radio and TV Tower (Latvian: Rīgas radio un televīzijas tornis) in Riga Latvia is the tallest structure in the Baltic countries and in the European Union. It was built between 1979 and 1986 with funding from the central government of the Soviet Union. Its highest point reaches 368.5 m (1209 ft) which makes it the third tallest tower in Europe (after the Ostankino Tower at 540 metres (1772 ft) and the Kiev TV Tower at 385 metres (1263 ft)) and the 14th tallest tower in the world.
 Knutstorp Castle (Swedish: Knutstorps slott) is a castle in Svalöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It was built in the 16th century by Otte Brahe. It is the birthplace of the famous astronomer Tycho Brahe (born 14 December 1546).
 World Trade Center Islamabad is being developed by the Al Ghurair Giga Pakistan (Pvt.) Limited. The concept of a World Trade Center in Pakistan was promoted by the Vice Chairman of the Group Haji Rafiq Giga.
 The Ambassador Hotel was a hotel in Los Angeles California and location of the Cocoanut Grove nightclub until it was demolished in 2005. The hotel began operation formally on January 1 1921 and subsequently was the site of the 2nd Academy Awards 12th Academy Awards and the June 1968 assassination of presidential candidate United States Senator and former U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy.
 Château d'Auberoche is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church near the Mansion District in Albany New York United States. Built in the 1850s it is the mother church of the Diocese of Albany. In 1976 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It has several claims to architectural and ecclesiastical history.
 Buvik Church (Norwegian: Buvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skaun in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Buvika. The octagonal wooden building was designed by Svend Halvorsen Aspaas and Lars Forseth and it was completed in 1819.The church is part of the Buvik parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Providence Little Company of Mary Medical Center is a hospital in Torrance California USA. The hospital was founded by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary and is part of the Providence Health & Services.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral–Basilica of the Assumption of Our Lady of Valencia (Spanish: Iglesia Catedral-Basílica Metropolitana de la Asunción de Nuestra Señora de Valencia Valencian: Església Catedral-Basílica Metropolitana de l'Assumpció de la Nostra Senyora de València) alternatively known as Saint Mary's Cathedral or Valencia Cathedral is a Roman Catholic parish church in Valencia Spain.
 The Museum of International Folk Art is a state-run institution in Santa Fe New Mexico USA. It is one of many cultural institutions operated by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs. The museum was founded by Florence Dibell Bartlett and opened to the public in 1953 and has gained national and international recognition as the home to the world’s largest collection of internationalfolk art.
 The Japca Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Japca) is a monastery in Florești District Moldova. The Japca Monastery is situated on the shore of Nistru River at the distance of 10 km from Camenca. It is the only monastery from Basarabia which was never closed by the Soviet authorities.
 The Walter Cliff Ranch District at 7635 Old HW 395 in Washoe Valley Nevada is a historic site that was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It has significance dating from c.1870 when the house was built.
 Jobbers Canyon Historic District was a large industrial and warehouse area comprising 24 buildings located in downtown Omaha Nebraska USA. It was roughly bound by Farnam Street on the north South Eighth Street on the east Jackson Street on the south and South Tenth Street on the west. In 1989 all 24 buildings in Jobbers Canyon were demolished representing the largest National Register historic district lost to date.
 The Copenhagen Opera House (in Danish usually called Operaen) is the national opera house of Denmark and among the most modern opera houses in the world. It is also one of the most expensive opera houses ever built with construction costs well over 500 million U.S. dollars. It is located on the island of Holmen in central Copenhagen.
 HM Prison Haverigg is a Category C men's prison located in village of Haverigg (near Millom) in Cumbria England. Haverigg Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is part of the HMP North Lancashire and Cumbria Estate (along with HMP Lancaster Castle and HMP Lancaster Farms).
 Poole Hospital (also known as Poole General Hospital) is an acute general hospital in Poole Dorset England. Built in 1907 it has expanded from a basic 14-bed facility into a 789-bed NHS foundation trust hospital. It is the trauma centre for east Dorset and provides specialist services such as cancer treatment for the entire county.
 The Mechanicsville Fire Station Number 5 is the oldest active fire station in Knoxville Tennessee. Opened on May 23 1909 it has served the Mechanicsville community of Knoxville almost continuously since. The fire station was the last in Knoxville to be built specifically for horse drawn fire apparatus. Knoxville Fire Department Station number 5 opened on May 23 1909. It is located at 419 Arthur Street in the Mechanicsville community just northwest of the downtown area.
 Freetown Rosenwald School is a historic Rosenwald school building in the historic African American community of Freetown at Glen Burnie Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a simple one-story gable-roofed rectangular frame building. The exterior walls are sheathed in aluminum siding and the gable roof is covered with asphalt shingles and displays minimal overhang.
 The Grinager Mercantile Building on Main St. E. in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1899. It was a department store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Dunleith is an antebellum mansion in Natchez Mississippi. The previous building Routhland had been built by Job Routh and passed down to his daughter Mary Routh. When it was struck by lightning and burned down in 1855 her husband General Charles G. Dahlgren rebuilt the home. It was sold for $30000 in 1858 (equal to $817731 today) to Alfred Vidal Davis who renamed it Dunleith.
 The Royal Palace (Norwegian: Slottet or formally Norwegian: Det kongelige slott (or Norwegian: Det kongelige slottet)) in Oslo was built in the first half of the 19th century as the Norwegian residence of King Charles III who also reigned as king of Sweden and otherwise resided there and is the official residence of the present Norwegian monarch. The crown prince resides at Skaugum in Asker west of Oslo. The palace has 173 rooms.
 Mapperley Methodist Church is on Woodborough Road in Mapperley Nottingham.
 The Scottsdale Comedy Spot Comedy Club is the only comedy club in Scottsdale Arizona at 7117 East 3rd Ave in the heart of downtown Scottsdale and the longest running comedy club in Phoenix Arizona.
 The Trinity Centre (known as The Mall Aberdeen from 2006 to Dec 2009 and before that as Trinity Shopping Centre) is a one floor shopping centre in Aberdeen Scotland. It has a two level Gold Award Car Park. There are 408 spaces and the main entrance is on Wapping Street. Wider spaces are available for parents and children and the disabled.
 The Forest Park Hotel is a six-story building located in the Central West End neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The six-story building was built in 1923 and is made of reinforced concrete with red brick curtain walls trimmed with terra cotta. Following the early success of the hotel a seven-story addition was built in 1926 that closely follows the design of the original building.
 Himeji Castle (姫路城 Himeji-jō) is a hilltop Japanese castle complex located in Himeji in Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. The castle is regarded as the finest surviving example of prototypical Japanese castle architecture comprising a network of 83 buildings with advanced defensive systems from the feudal period.
 The Klein Dairy Farmhouse is located in Kaukauna Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architectural and agricultural significance.
 The Château de Saint-Hubert was a royal château built by order of Louis XV in Perray-in-Yvelines (now in the department of Yvelines) for use while he was hunting in the nearby forest (Saint Hubert is the patron saint of hunters).
 Hundvin Church (Norwegian: Hundvin kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hundvin along the shore of the Lurefjorden. The church is part of the Hundvin parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church (which seats 290 people) was built in 1936. The church was consecrated on 9 December 1936 by the Bishop Andreas Fleischer.
 The Mifflin School built in 1825 is the oldest surviving school building used in the Philadelphia public school system. It is a two story two bay red brick building which now has its side walls stuccoed over. In the first phase of the development of the public school system in Philadelphia 1818-1850 simple school buildings were built by local authorities in a decentralized system. During this period 49 buildings were built by 7 local school boards with only 4 surviving.
 Cold Harbor National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It encompasses 1.4 acres (5700 m2) and as of the end of 2005 had 2110 interments. It is administered by the Hampton National Cemetery.
 The James A. Farley Post Office Building is the main post office building in New York City. Its ZIP code designation is 10001. Built in 1912 the building is famous for bearing the inscription: Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds. In 1982 the post office was officially designated The James A. Farley Building as a monument and testament to the political career of the nation's 53rd Postmaster General.
 Rock Run United Methodist Church is a one story building with stone walls and a slate-covered gable roof located on a 1.24 acre plot of land at the corner of Craig's Corner Road and Rock Run Road near Level Maryland and approximately six miles south of Darlington Maryland.
 Oakland Hall is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a Greek Revival style dwelling. It is the clubhouse for the Valley View Golf Club.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Bankhead House also known as Sunset and the John Hollis Bankhead House is a historic mansion in Jasper Walker County Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1973.
 The New Rockford Post Office in New Rockford North Dakota United States is a post office building that was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-New Rockford.It was funded under the Emergency Construction Program Act of August 5 1937 with an allocation of $85000.
 The West Nottingham Meetinghouse or Little Brick Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Rising Sun Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a brick one-story building built in 1811 rectangularly shaped and measuring 45 feet 4 inches by 30 feet. Also on the property is a graveyard.
 James H. Dillard House also known as James H. Dillard Home was the residence of James H. Dillard in New Orleans Louisiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 The Duncan Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County Illinois nominated for the National Register of Historic Places. This particular one was located along west of Havana Illinois near Lewistown. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1980 along with the seven of the eight other bridges as one of the Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County.
 The James E. Collins House in Franklin Tennessee was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places but was removed from the Register in 1995.The property was also known as Anderson House.It was built or has other significance as of c.1866 and included Central passage plan and other architecture.
 Emory Point is a mixed-use development on Clifton Road in Druid Hills unincorporated DeKalb County Georgia adjacent to Atlanta. It is across Clifton Road across from the Centers for Disease Control and surrounded on three sides by the campus of Emory University backing up to Peachtree Creek's South Fork. The complex contains 80000 square feet (7400 m2) of retail space and 443 apartments.
 Plumer House is a historic home located at West Newton Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1814 with an addition made in 1846. The original section is a 2 1/2-story wood frame structure with a gable roof. The addition is a 2 1/2-story brick structure with a gable roof and two chimneys. It features a rear porch overlooking the adjacent Youghiogheny River.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Trinity Chapel also known as St. John's Church and Beth-El Temple Church of God in Christ is a historic Episcopal church at 1874 Mott Avenue in Far Rockaway Queens New York. It was built in 1858 to the design of noted architect Richard Upjohn (1802–1878). It is a frame Gothic Revival style chapel on a brick foundation and three bays wide by five bays long. It has a steeply pitched roof and sided in wood shingles. Atop the roof is a wooden belfry with steeply pitched pyramidal roof.
 Monroe Water Tower is a historic water tower located in Monroe Wisconsin. It was built in 1889 by the Monroe Water Works and originally contained a 100000 gallon wooden water tank that was replaced in 1914 by the current 125000 gallon steel one built by the Des Moines Bridge and Iron Company. The tower was taken out of service in 1993. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 St Aldate's is a Church of England parish church in the centre of Oxford in the Deanery and Diocese of Oxford. The church is on the street named St Aldate's opposite Christ Church and next door to Pembroke College. The church has a large congregation and has a staff team of about 30 which includes clergy pastoral and administrative staff. The offices of the Rector and other members of staff are at 40 Pembroke Street.
 Belvidere Café Motel and Gas Station is a historic building in Litchfield Illinois along Route 66. The site also has a residence and two motel units.
 The Lloyd M. Joshel House also known simply as the Joshel House is a private residence in the Hilltop Neighborhood of Denver Colorado. Built in 1951 it is known as one of the finest examples of the International Style in residential architecture in Denver. The property is a local City of Denver Landmark and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Winston County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Double Springs Alabama United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 27 1987.
 The Gaylord Building constructed in 1838 in the downtown historic district of Lockport Illinois and on the canalside there played a pivotal role in the construction of the Illinois and Michigan Canal. It is on the United States National Register of Historic Places and is one of 29 Historic Sites of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. It is constructed of yellow limestone a common construction material in north central Illinois.
 The Libby Lodge also known as the Snowy Range Lodge is located in the Snowy Range of Medicine Bow National Forest in Wyoming. The three-story log lodge was built in 1925.
 Albert S. Heck Mansion also known as the McIntosh Mansion is a historic home located near Spencer Roane County West Virginia. It was designed by the construction firm of Wallace Knight of West Virginia the same construction firm that constructed the West Virginia Executive Mansion. The Albert S. Heck Mansion and the Executive Mansion were constructed around the same time. It was built in 1925 and is two story brick Neoclassical style mansion. It has 17 rooms 6 baths and a full basement.
 The Meridian Bank Tower (originally known as the Guaranty Bank Building) is a high-rise building in Phoenix Arizona. It is an office building designed in international style and constructed between 1959 and 1960 for developer David H. Murdock. Upon completion it became the city's tallest building taking that 31 year distinction away from the Westward Ho which opened in 1929.
 Baltimore County School No. 7 also known as Ashland School is a historic school building located at Cockeysville Baltimore County Maryland. It was constructed in 1882 at the entrance to the village of Ashland associated with the Ashland Iron Works. It is built of rough cut marble ashlar a nearby quarry.
 The M. Lloyd Frank Estate located in southwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The home and extensive grounds are now the center of Lewis & Clark College.
 Central Market also known as Lancaster Central Market is a historic farmers' market located in Penn Square in downtown Lancaster Pennsylvania. The market is the oldest continuously-operated farmers' market in the United States.The Central Market comprises approximately 60 vendors who principally sell foodstuffs – fresh fruits and produce meats cheeses fish and seafood and baked goods – and flowers.
 The Metacomet Mill built in 1847 by Colonel Richard Borden for the manufacture of cotton textiles is the oldest remaining textile mill in Fall River Massachusetts.The adjacent American Printing Company Mill No.
 Rockdale Town Hall is a civic building located on the corner of Princes Highway and Bryant Street in Rockdale a suburb of Sydney Australia.
 The Robert Worthington House also known as Piedmont and Quarry Banks is an historic house located near Charles Town West Virginia. The main house was constructed as an addition in 1784 to the original structure which dates to circa 1735 built by Robert Worthington who called the house Quarry Banks - New Style after his original home Quarry Banks in England.
 The House at 81 Pearl Street in Somerville Massachusetts is a well-preserved Italianate house. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1860 and features a deep front gable with paired decorative brackets and a front porch supported by square columns with an unusual scalloped-arch cornice trim.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 James Whitall Jr. House is located in National Park Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1766 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 6 1973.
 The First Presbyterian Church at Hickory and S. Broad Sts. in Mankato Minnesota is a Richardsonian Romanesque style church designed by Warren H. Hayes. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The congregation was founded in 1855 three years after the town of Mankato was first platted. The first church building was a log schoolhouse and the second building was built in 1865. Construction on the current building started in 1893 with the sanctuary completed in 1896.
 Rôtisserie Le Mérinos d'Or is a former restaurant located in Groningen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1991.In 1977 the restaurant was owned by mr. Fr. Graaiman.
 The Peter A. Beachy House is a home in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois that was entirely remodeled by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1906. The house that stands today is almost entirely different from the site's original home a Gothic cottage. The home is listed as a contributing property to the Frank Lloyd Wright-Prairie School of Architecture Historic District which was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Moto Guzzi Museum is a transport museum in Mandello del Lario Italy. The collection includes a number of important Moto Guzzi street motorcycles and motorcycle racing machines as well as examples of rare engines like the Moto Guzzi V8. A section of the museum is devoted to historic Guzzi racer Bill Lomas.
 Granite Historic District is a national historic district in Granite Baltimore County Maryland United States. It comprises the focus of a rural quarrying community located in the Patapsco Valley of western Baltimore County Maryland. It includes two churches a school a social hall former commercial buildings and houses and outbuildings representing the period from the initial settlement of the area about 1750 through the early 20th century when the village achieved its present form.
 The Bottle House Block is an brick rowhouse at 204-214 3rd Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was built in 1826 as a tavern by Deming Jarves owner of the New England Glass Company and was identified as the Bottle House Block from its earliest days. The building is the third oldest in East Cambridge and one of a few surviving brick buildings in Cambridge from that period.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Springfield Presbyterian Church is located on Morris Avenue (NJ 82) in downtown Springfield New Jersey United States.
 Baker Ropp House is a historic home located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia USA. It was built between 1890 and 1892 and is an L-shaped two-story brick Queen Anne-style dwelling. It is five bays wide has a gable roof and sits on a fieldstone foundation. It features a two-story polygonal brick window bay and two-story frame porch.
 St Michael's Church Hulme Walfield is located in Giantswood Lane Hulme Walfield Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Congleton the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series comment that it is an attractive building and one for which money must have been spent generously.
 The Justice Samuel Freeman Miller House in Keokuk Iowa United States is an Italianate style home that was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is now operated as the Miller House Museum by the Lee County Historical Society. The house was built by Samuel Freeman Miller who was a lawyer with a national reputation and a physician. He was nominated by President Abraham Lincoln to serve on the United States Supreme Court in 1862.
 Union Station is a historic train station located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It was constructed in 1889 for the New York Central Railroad in the Romanesque style. It was deactivated as a station in the 1940s and lay unused until 1967. It was renovated and reopened as a restaurant in 1971. The restaurant was gutted by fire in December 1974 rebuilt and again destroyed by fire in 1978.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Print Hall is a four level bar/restaurant at Brookfield Place in Perth Western Australia. Opened in 2012 and housed in the former headquarters of Perth's daily newspaper The West Australian it has been described by The New York Times in 2014 as ... one of the city's most celebrated new restaurants ... featuring soaring ceilings and a bright white atrium.
 Isaac Hardenbergh House also known as The Hardenbergh Manor is a historic home located at Roxbury in Delaware County New York United States. It was built about 1790 and consists of a 2-story five-bay center-entrance stone structure with a smaller 1 1⁄2-story frame addition built about 1820.
 Broad Street United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 501 E. Broad Street in Columbus Ohio.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Herndon House later known as the International Hotel and then the Union Pacific Headquarters was an early hotel located at Ninth and Farnam Streets in present-day Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1858 by Omaha pioneer Dr. George L. Miller along with several associates it was financed by the sale of city-donated land and a $16000 loan.
 Central Parish Church is a historic church at 146 Main Street in Yarmouth Maine.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The JK Temple is a temple in the Indian city of Kanpur. Considered to be a unique blend of ancient and modern architecture its mandapas have been constructed with high roof for adequate ventilation of light and air. The J. K. Trust has constructed this temple. The major maintenance expenses of the temple also come from the trust fund. The temple also known as Radhakrishan Temple.
 The Frank L. Dingley House is an historic house at 291 Court Street in Auburn Maine.The house was built in 1867 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980.
 The Floyd and Glenora Dycus House is a historic house located at 305 S. Second St. in Brownstown Illinois. The house was built in 1926 for Floyd and Glenora Dycus. Floyd Dycus was a prominent businessman in Brownstown; his businesses included a moving company a dairy business and a restaurant and truck stop on U.S. Route 40. Floyd also served as Brownstown's village president from 1929 to 1935.
 The Sturgis Pretzel House of Lititz Pennsylvania founded in 1861 is the oldest commercial pretzel bakery in the United States. The bakery remains active in pretzel production and is a tourist attraction.
 Independence is a ghost town in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located just off State Highway 82 in the eastern corner of Pitkin County below the Continental Divide. It was the first settlement established in the Roaring Fork Valley after gold was struck in the vicinity on Independence Day July 4 1879 hence its name.
 St. Josaphat Cathedral is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral located in Parma Ohio. It is the seat for the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saint Josaphat in Parma. From the Terminal Tower Observation deck on a clear day you could see the cathedral's domes.
 Octagon Stone Schoolhouse also known as The Stone Jug is a historic one-room school building located at South Canaan Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is an octagonal shaped one-room fieldstone building. It was used as a school until 1900 after which it was used for storage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Hayes Mill House is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is located nearly opposite the Star Gazers' Stone. It was built about 1780 and is a two-story three bay single pile stone dwelling with a gable roof. It has a two-story frame wing. The main section features a corbeled stone cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Howard's Neck Plantation is a historic plantation home and farm complex located near Pemberton Goochland County Virginia. It was built about 1825 and is a two-story three bay brick structure in the Federal style. The house is similar in style to the works of Robert Mills. It has a shallow deck-on-hip roof and a small one-story academically proportioned tetrastyle Roman Doric order portico.
 The Château de Montfort is a castle in the French commune of Montigny-Montfort in the Côte-d'Or département part of the Burgundy region. The castle was built in the 18th century. It is well known for St. John's Fire (Feu de Saint-Jean) on St. John's Eve as part of Medieval Festival of Château Montfort (Fête Médiévale au Château de Montfort) held in the castle every year around June 21-24.
 Shia Jama Masjid (Hindi: शिया जामा मस्जिद Punjabi: ਸ਼ਿਆ ਜਾਮਾ ਮਸਜਿਦ Urdu: شیع جامہ مسجد‎) is located at Kashmiri Gate Delhi.Hujjatul-Islam Syed Ali Taqvi is its imam (prayer leader).In Muharram one of the oldest processions is taken out from Shia Jama Masjid in Kashmiri Gate to Punja Sharif Karbala in the same locality.
 The San Francisco Transit Center District Plan is a massive redevelopment plan for the neighborhood surrounding the Transbay Transit Center site South of Market near the Financial District in San Francisco. The new Transbay Transit Center will replace the since-demolished San Francisco Transbay Terminal and new skyscrapers such as Salesforce Tower will take advantage of the height increases allowed through the Transit Center District Plan.
 Wat Buddhananachat is a Buddhist Temple located about 20 miles southeast of Downtown on Linden Rd. in Del Valle Texas.This Buddhist temple was established in April 1986 (incorporated on August 4 1986) as a nonprofit organization to serve as a center for religious and cultural activities for Theravadic Buddhist belonging to different ethnic communities in central Texas.
 The Bargate is a building in the city centre of Southampton England. Constructed in Norman times as part of the fortified walled city the Bargate was the main point of entry and exit to and from the north. Since Southampton is on the south coast this made the Bargate the main gateway to the city. The Bargate is a Grade I listed building and a scheduled monument.
 Boyd Mill Place also known as Davenport's Mill and Hearon's Mill is a historic grist mill constructed circa 1870 in Weston Georgia in Webster County Georgia. It was built by John Boyd. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 24 2009. It is located at 580 Mill Pond Road.
 St. Vincent de Paul Catholic Church is a historic Catholic church complex located at Newport News Virginia. It was built in 1916-1917 and is a 1 1/2-storybrick Classical Revival style longitudinal-plan church. The front facade features a pedimented portico with four fluted Corinthian order columns. Associated with the church are the contributing rectory (1917) garage (1917) and prayer garden. The parish was established as a mission of the St.
 The Yalbugha Mosque (Arabic: جامع يلبغا‎) is a Mamluk-era mosque in Damascus Syria situated along the Barada River and overlooking Marjeh Square. It was built by Mamluk princes in 1264 outside the city walls west of the citadel. The mosque was described as one of the most famous influential and beautiful mosques in Damascus. It served as a resting point before the departure of the Hajj caravan from Damascus.
 Sailors' Snug Harbor also known as Sailors Snug Harbor or Snug Harbor Cultural Center and Botanical Garden or informally Snug Harbor is a collection of architecturally significant 19th-century buildings set in a park along the Kill Van Kull on the north shore of Staten Island in New York City United States. It was once a home for aged sailors and is now an 83-acre (34 ha) city park.
 Temple Sinai is a Reform synagogue located at 3509 South Glencoe in Denver Colorado.
 Kingwood Historic District is a national historic district located at Kingwood Preston County West Virginia. The district encompasses 103 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Kingswood. Most of the buildings are two story frame and masonry buildings. Notable buildings include the Preston County Courthouse (1934) Kingswood National Bank Building (1908) C.M. Bishop House (1872) Preston Academy (1842) IOOF Lodge (c.
 Syracuse Savings Bank Building also known as Bank of America building is a historic building in Syracuse New York designed by Joseph Lyman Silsbee then aged 26.It was built in 1875 adjacent to the Erie Canal and at 170 feet tall was the tallest building in Syracuse. It opened in 1876 as Syracuse Savings Bank. Its passenger elevator the first in Syracuse was a curiosity that drew visitors.
 The Renaissance St. Louis Grand Hotel is a hotel located on the Washington Avenue Loft District in Downtown St. Louis Missouri. It consists of two wings. The main wing consists of the former Statler Hotel building which is 256 feet 23 floors tall and covers half a block with a modern addition covering the other half of the block. The Suites Tower across the street is the former Lennox Hotel.
 Bethlehem Church also known as Bethlehem United Church of Christ is a historic United Church of Christ church located at Broadway Rockingham County Virginia. It was built in 1844-1845 and is a small one-story gable-roofed limestone structure. It measures 42 feet 6 inches by 32 feet 6 inches. The original vaulted ceiling and gable roof were destroyed during the American Civil War. The present gable roof was built in 1914.
 Gallery 400 is a not-for-profit arts exhibition space within the the College of Architecture Design and the Arts at the University of Illinois at Chicago. It was founded in 1983 to exhibit and support art design and architecture. Over its history Gallery 400 has presented many exhibitions lectures and artist commissions. The exhibitions and programs present a broad range of recent developments and aesthetic concerns and have included more than 1000 artists to date.
 The Alas Building is a residential and office building located in the San Nicolás section of Buenos Aires Argentina. It stands at a height of 141 metres (463 ft) and houses 41 floors. Alas was the tallest building in Buenos Aires between 1955 and 1995 when it was surpassed by the Le Parc tower.
 The Nipper Building is a colloquial name for The Victor condominiums and formerly Building 17 RCA Victor Company Camden Plant. The structure is a historical building located in Cooper Grant neighborhood of Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. For many years it was the headquarters of the Victor Talking Machine Company later RCA Victor. Originally a Victrola cabinet factory the structure was converted into luxury apartments and retail space in 2004.
 Yatesville Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Potter in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1837.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The G. Fred DiBona Jr. Building formerly known as the Blue Cross-Blue Shield Tower or IBX Tower is a skyscraper in Philadelphia Pennsylvania housing the headquarters of Independence Blue Cross (the Blue Cross-Blue Shield affiliated organization in the five-county Philadelphia area). The tower built between 1988 and 1990 was designed by WZMH Architects who also designed the CN Tower in Toronto Canada.
 St Bartholomew's Church Barbon is in the village of Barbon Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary the Virgin Kirkby Lonsdale Holy Trinity Casterton St John the Divine Hutton Roof All Saints Lupton St Peter Mansergh and the Holy Ghost Middleton to form the Kirkby Lonsdale Team Ministry.
 St. Stanislaus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in West Warren Massachusetts United States. Founded December 1908. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
 Trinity Church and Rectory (Trinity Episcopal Church;Trinity Episcopal Church Parish) is a historic church at 317 Franklin Street in Clarksville Tennessee.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The West Second Street–Swartz Creek Bridge in Flint Michigan carries West Second Street over Swartz Creek. It is a 70-foot Luten arch bridge completed in early 1920. It was engineered in 1919 by the Flint City Engineer's Office using Luten's patented arches under a royalty agreement. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Bukit Panjang Plaza (Chinese: 武吉班让大厦) is a shopping mall located near Bukit Panjang at Bukit Panjang in Singapore. It is currently managed by CapitaLand.Bukit Panjang Plaza (BPP) is located in the high-density residential area of Bukit Panjang New Town in the north-western region of Singapore. The four-storey mall with two levels of basement car park is located between the Bukit Panjang and Senja LRT stations and adjacent to the Bukit Panjang bus interchange.
 Blue Ridge Crossing is a shopping center located in Kansas City Missouri and Independence Missouri at the intersections of I-70 US 40 Highway at Exit 11 & Sterling Avenue at Exit 10.
 The Edna E. Lockwood is a Chesapeake Bay bugeye the last working oyster boat of her kind. She is located at the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum in Saint Michaels Maryland. She was built in 1889 at Tilghman Island Maryland by John B. Harrison and is of nine-log construction similar to the smaller log canoe and was launched on October 5 1889 for Daniel Haddaway at a cost of $2200.
 Celeste Imperio is a famous Chinese restaurant in El Salvador. It was founded in 1994 and served as one of the pillars of modern Chinese food in this small Central American country. The most attractive characteristic of this Chinese restaurant is the Chinese style façade which resembles those of ancient Chinese palaces. To date this is the only Chinese style façade in El Salvador. Famous dishes from this restaurant are Chow Mein Cantonese style rice Chop Suey and fried wantan.
 The Union Monument in Louisville is located in Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville Kentucky. It was built in 1914 from granite honoring unknown soldiers who fought in the Union during the American Civil War.
 Sanford USD Medical Center is a hospital in Sioux Falls South Dakota USA. It is operated by Sanford Health.With nearly 500 beds Sanford University of South Dakota Medical Center is the second largest tertiary hospital in South Dakota behind Avera McKennan Hospital serving as one of the primary teaching institutions for the Sanford School of Medicine University of South Dakota. Employing nearly 4500 staff Sanford USD Medical Center is the largest employer in Sioux Falls.
 The Humphrey Center also known as Old Main is an historic building located on the campus of Grand View University in Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Steine Chapel (Norwegian: Steine kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Steine. The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden chapel was built in 1911 and it seats about 300 people.
 Queen's Cross Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland. It is located at the intersection of Carden Place and Albyn Place at Queen's Cross in the heart of Aberdeen's west end business community. It is a short walk from the main shopping areas of the city and several main hotels.
 Delmar Calaboose is an historic structure located in Delmar Iowa United States. The word calaboose is a corruption of the Spanish word calabozo which means dungeon. The building was built for and used as a jail in frontier Iowa. The walls and roof of the one-story structure are composed of limestone and mortar. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Fall River Entrance Historic District in Rocky Mountain National Park preserves an area of park administration buildings and employee residences built in the National Park Service Rustic style. The area is close to Estes Park Colorado at the original primary entrance to the east side of the park. The area includes the Bighorn Ranger Station several houses and some utility buildings.
 The Bear Mountain Inn is a 1915 hotel and restaurant owned by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and located on Route 9W at the northern end of Seven Lakes Drive just south of the Bear Mountain Bridge in Rockland County New York. It is presently named Bear Mountain Inn & Conference Center. As of fall 2011 the first floor is now open and features the 1915 Cafe and Bear Mountain Trading Company gift store.
 Schenectady City Hall is the seat of government of the city of Schenectady New York United States. Designed by McKim Mead and White the building was constructed between 1931 and 1933. It is located on the block between Clinton Franklin Jay and Liberty streets. It is built in a revival of the Federal Style the dominant style of American architecture from 1780 to 1830.
 East Palmyra Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at East Palmyra in Wayne County New York. It is a vernacular Romanesque style brick and stone church built in 1868-1869. The front facade features a square tower composed of stone capped brick buttresses a belfry articulated by brick pilasters and corbelled brick trim and a tall octagonal spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Porlock Museum (which is also known as the Dovery Manor Museum) is a Local museum in Porlock Somerset England.The building was built as a Manor house in the late 15th century and extended in the 17th century. In 1895 the building was restored by Edmund Buckle for Sir Charles Chadwyck-Healey. It is a Grade II* listed building.The museum has a collection of artefacts photographs press cuttings paintings and displays of local interest particularly relating to Porlock Hill on the A39.
 The Abbasi Hotel (formerly known as the Shah Abbas Hotel) is a hotel located in Isfahan Iran. This complex was built at the time of king Sultan Husayn of Safavid about 300 years ago. It was built as a caravansary to provide lodging for passengers. The structure has been renovated since the 1950s by André Godard to fight and prevent degradation. The 1974 film Ten Little Indians starring Oliver Reed and Elke Sommer was shot here.
 The Loft 2 is a residential skyscraper in the Central Business District of Downtown Miami Florida United States. It is part of the complex Loft Miami which includes the shorter The Loft and The Loft 3 which was cancelled. The building was completed in 2007. It is 433 ft (144 m) tall and contains 36 floors. The complex is located at NE 2nd Street and NE 2nd Avenue two blocks west of Biscayne Boulevard. The First Street Metromover Station passes through the Loft 2 building.
 The Upper Wade and Curtis Cabin was built in 1933 by John Grounds in Dinosaur National Monument. The rustic building served as a guest lodge and ranger station and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the oldest remaining guest accommodation in the park.
 Durgabai Deshmukh Hospital and Research Centre is a multispeciality Hospital in Vidyanagar Hyderabad.Veteran Freedom fighter Durgabai Deshmukh started it as a Nursing home with 15 beds in 1962 with an objective to serve the poor people. It has grown into a full fledged hospital with more than 200 beds. It is working under the umbrella of Andhra Mahila Sabha.
 The Milton Odem House is a small bungalow home located in Redmond Oregon. The house was built in 1937 by Ole K. Olson for Milton Odem a local theater owner. It is one of the best examples of residential Streamline Moderne architecture in Oregon. The Milton Odem House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 West Oaks Mall is a mall located in Ocoee Florida. It has 115 store spaces a food court and a 14-screen AMC Movie Theatre. A carousel ride and a photobooth are also located near the theatres.The mall has been in decline for several years due to economic downturn in the area and the resulting increase in crime. Police calls originating from the mall have increased steadily for problems including assault car thefts and more.
 The Church of St Mary in Meare Somerset England was formerly in the keeping of Glastonbury Abbey and dates from 1323. It was built for Abbot Adam of Sodbury and is a Grade I listed building.There is a legend that the church was built on the site of a cell of the monk Saint Beonna (also Benen or Beon) who was later confused with Benignus of Armagh between the 5th and 9th centuries.
 Cape Creek Bridge is an arch bridge that spans Cape Creek in Lane County Oregon United States. The bridge carries U.S. Route 101. Opened in 1932 it was designed by noted bridge engineer Conde McCullough and built of reinforced concrete by John K. Holt. The total length of the bridge is 619 feet (188.6 m) with a main span of 220 feet (67 m). The bridge resembles a Roman aqueduct with a single parabolic arch that spans half its length. It was listed as Cape Creek Bridge No.
 Milton Freight Station is a historic freight station located at Milton Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Philadelphia & Reading Railroad in 1883. It is a one-story brick building measuring 30 feet by 100 feet with a 20 foot long platform at the southern end. It sits on a stone foundation and has a gable roof. The building houses borough offices.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It is located in the Milton Historic District.
 Linda Vista Community Hospital originally called the Santa Fe Railroad Hospital and Santa Fe Coast Lines Hospital is a former hospital at 610-30 South St. Louis Street in Los Angeles California United States in the Boyle Heights neighborhood. The hospital was built for railroad employees and was one of four employee hospitals run by the railroad Santa Fe Employees Hospital Association.
 The Church of Santa María de Junco (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María de Junco) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the early 13th century.
 The Reykjavík Mosque (Icelandic: Moskan í Reykjavík Arabic: Masjid an-nuur The Mosque of the Light) is a Sunni mosque and gathering area for Muslims in Iceland. It is located in the Ármúli district. The mosque was opened in 2002 by the Muslim Association of Iceland after requesting the city government for permission to build a purpose-built mosque in 2000 with no swift response.
 Raymond Boston and Maine Railroad Depot also known as the Raymond Historical Society is a museum and former railway station located in Raymond New Hampshire.Raymond was a stop on the Boston and Maine Railroad's Portsmouth Branch now the Rockingham Recreational Trail.The Raymond Historical Society restored the depot building and keeps a locomotive a boxcar a caboose and a work car on display at the station. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Magnolia Grove is a historic Greek Revival mansion in Greensboro Alabama. The house was named for the 15-acre (6.1 ha) grove of Southern magnolias in which it stands. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 11 1973 due to its architectural and historical significance. It now serves as a historic house museum and is operated by the Alabama Historical Commission.
 The Nidḥe Israel Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת נדחי ישראל‎ Bet Knesset Nide Yisrael lit. Synagogue of the Scattered of Israel) is the only synagogue in Bridgetown Barbados. It also holds the distinction of being one of the oldest synagogues in the western hemisphere and a Barbados National Trust property. In 2011 the Synagogue and excavated Mikvah were designated as UNESCO protected properties within the World Heritage Site of Historic Bridgetown and its Garrison area.
 Church of St Peter Staple Fitzpaine is Norman in origin and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church has a Norman doorway reset in the south aisle. The chancel dates from the 14th century. The north aisle was added and the church refenestrated in the 15th century. The tower dates from about 1500 however the south porch and vestry are much more recent dating from 1841.
 Wesley Methodist Church is a historic church in Anchorage Kentucky.It was built in 1824 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Cave Hill Farm is a historic farm at 9780 Cave Hill Road in McGaheysville Virginia. The centerpiece of the farm is its main house a two story brick house with Federal and Greek Revival characteristics. The farm is named for a cave that is located on a limestone outcrop on the north side of Cave Hill Road. It is the source of a spring on the property and was historically used for food storage.
 Totonno's is a pizzeria located at 1524 Neptune Avenue (between West 15th Street and West 16th Street) in Coney Island in Brooklyn New York. It was established by Antonio Totonno Pero. He was an employee at the Lombardi's pizzeria on Spring Street in New York's Little Italy that was established in 1905 when he began selling tomato pies cooked in a coal oven and wrapped in paper and tied with a string.
 Myrtle Grove is a historic home in Easton Talbot County Maryland. It consists of a frame section dating from the first half of the 18th century a 1790 Flemish bond brick section and a 1927 frame wing. The oldest section is five bays wide and one and a half stories tall on a brick foundation laid in English bond.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Dadiani Palaces History and Architectural Museum (Georgian: დადიანების სასახლეთა ისტორიულ-არქიტექტურული მუზეუმი) is a Georgian national museum located in Zugdidi Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region Georgia. The Dadiani Palaces History and Architecture Museum is considered to be one of the most eminent palaces in Caucasus.
 One St Peter's Square (also known as Peterloo House) is a high rise office building currently under construction in Manchester England. The building is situated in St. Peter's Square in Manchester city centre.The building was first proposed in 2009 and was granted planning permission in 2010.
 The Colby College Museum of Art is an art museum located on the campus of Colby College in Waterville Maine. Founded in 1959 and now comprising five wings nearly 8000 works and more than 38000 square feet of exhibition space the Colby College Museum of Art has built a collection that specializes in American and contemporary art with additional select collections of Chinese antiquities and European paintings and works on paper.
 Cedar Grove also known as Ridgely's Whim or Sunday's Chance is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story side-passage double-pile plan house constructed about 1841. A 1 1⁄2-story wing incorporates an earlier structure built between 1799 and 1813.Cedar Grove was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Upper Elementary School listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Goffstown High School is a building located at 12 Reed Street in the center of Goffstown New Hampshire. The building was constructed in 1925 and served as the town high school until the opening of the present high school on Wallace Road. The building renamed Upper Elementary School then served the town's intermediate-grade students until the opening of Mountain View Middle School.
 Oswego Theater now known as Oswego 7 Cinemas is a historic movie theater located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was designed in 1940 in the Art Deco style and opened in 1941. The front features bands of yellow red and dark red brick that create broad horizontal and perpendicular belts. A pair of cast stone accordion pleated vertical stripes are included on the facade.
 SaRang Community Church is a Presbyterian Church in Seoul Korea with over 60000 members.SaRang one of several megachurches in Korea was founded in 1978 by Rev. Oak Han-heum. At Pastor Oak's death in 2010 the church attracted 40000 worshipers every Sunday and had 80000 members.In 2003 Pastor Oak announced his retirement eschewing the Korean custom of passing a pastorship on to one of the children of the retiring pastor Oak named Rev.
 The Christopher C. Walker House and Farm is a historic farmstead in the far western part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located southwest of the village of New Madison along State Route 121 it is composed of five buildings and one other structure spread out over an area of nearly 160 acres (65 ha).
 Parkview Health System was incorporated in May 1995. Parkview Health traces its roots back to Fort Wayne City Hospital founded in 1878. Subsequent hospitals in our history include Hope Hospital (1891-1922) Methodist Hospital (1922-1953) Parkview Memorial Hospital (1953-1955) and Parkview Hospital Randallia (1955 - ). Parkview Health's flagship hospital campus Parkview Regional Medical Center was founded in March 2012.
 Westville Congregational Church is a historic church located at Winthrop and North Walker Streets in Taunton Massachusetts. The Federal era church building was constructed in 1824 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is the oldest standing church in the city. It was originally located at the corner of Glebe and Oakland Streets.
 College Hill is a residential neighborhood in Easton Pennsylvania. The neighborhood is situated on a hill overlooking downtown Easton. Lafayette College borders the neighborhood on its southwest side. The northern boundary of the neighborhood is Forks Township. The boundary lies along Chestnut Ridge a steep hill that rises to 700 feet.The neighborhood has 855 buildings primarily built between 1830 and 1940.
 Broughton Hall near Eccleshall Staffordshire is a privately owned 16th century Elizabethan style manor house. It is a Grade I listed building.The manor of Broughton was owned by the eponymous Broughton family from the 13th century. The present house was built in the mid 16th century in the vernacular black and white timbered style of the Elizabethan period.
 The Gimbels Parking Pavilion is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Holy Trinity Church Kingswood (grid reference ST651737) is an Anglican parish church in Kingswood South Gloucestershire England.Until the early 19th century Kingswood had no church of its own and was served by the ancient parish of Bitton four miles away. A church was considered an urgent requirement by Anglicans as the area was a hot-bed of Nonconformity with the Wesleyan Whitfield Tabernacle and Moravian churches already in operation.
 The Hope Lutheran Church also known as Old Stone Church is a historic church built in approximately 1898 and located seven miles north of Elgin North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1992. The 2.5-acre (1.0 ha) area of the NRHP listing includes a cemetery as an additional contributing site.The church is located on a hill above the cemetery. The exterior walls were constructed with local sandstone slabs laid in mud mortar.
 The Peki’in Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת העתיק בפקיעין) located in the centre of Peki'in Northern Israel is said to have built into its walls two stones taken from the walls of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem. The structure was extensively renovated in 1873 and some of it is said to date from the era of Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai around the 3rd-4th century CE. Funding for the construction attested to on a plaque commemorating the donation was given by a Jew named Rafael Halevy from Beirut.
 The Chapel of All Saints is located in Tarnobrzeg Poland (Polish: Kaplica Wszystkich Świętych w Tarnobrzegu) in Sobów Borough on a municipal cemetery on Litewska Street. The building was initiated by the provost of Serbinów parish of Our Lady of Perpetual Help Michał Józefczyk. Work started at the beginning of 2009 and ended at the end of October.
 The Draper Park School at 12441 South 900 East in Draper Utah is a Classical Revival style building that was built in 1912 and extended later. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was named after Dr. John R. Park who early in his career was a school teacher in Draper. The building includes a historically significant Works Progress Administration mural painted by Paul Smith in 1938.
 Nuestra Señora de la Soterraña (Spanish for Our Lady of Soterraña) is a Gothic church and monastery located at Santa María la Real de Nieva Province of Segovia Spain. It was built between late 14th and early 15th centuries.In 1920 two of its elements the facade and the cloister were designated as national monuments. Its present designation is Bien de Interés Cultural.
 Dalsfjord Church (Norwegian: Dalsfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Dravlaus on the western shore of the Dalsfjorden. The church is part of the Dalsfjord parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden cruciform church was built in 1910 by the architect Ole Havnæs. It was consecrated by the Bishop Johan Willoch Erichsen. The church seats about 400 people.
 US Post Office—Springville is a historic post office building located at Springville in Erie County New York. It was designed and built 1936-1937 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is a one story brick structure crowned by a square flat-topped cupola. The lobby features a mural by Victoria H.
 The Gambia National Museum is a Gambian cultural museum located in Banjul. It is home to historical documents and displays concerning the History of the Gambia.
 The Beatrice Willard Alpine Tundra Research Plots were established in 1959 along Trail Ridge Road in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado above the treeline in an alpine tundra habitat. The plots were used by Beatrice Willard of the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research at the University of Colorado from 1959 to about 1999 in a long-term study of the alpine ecosystem.
 Palace II was a tower block built at Barra da Tijuca Rio de Janeiro Brazil. On February 22 1998 parts of it collapsed due to engineering error killing eight people. Another part of its structure collapsed on February 27 1998 and the remaining parts of the building were demolished on February 28 1998. Before the building was demolished researchers found empty piers and evidence of the usage of beach sand on the construction. All families had to move to hotels after the building’s fall.
 Tom Condos is an approved skyscraper in Montreal Quebec Canada. The tower will be located on Union Street between René-Lévesque Boulevard and Cathcart Street near the Altitude Montreal tower and the Place Ville Marie.The tower will be 40 floors and 122 metres (400 ft) tall and consist of 327 condos. The architect is Karl Fischer. The project's promoters are Electra Real Estate Ltd and Daniel Revah.Construction is due to start in Spring 2014 with a completion date sometime in 2016.
 The Glenn & Viola Walters Cultural Arts Center is a multi-use arts and performance venue in downtown Hillsboro Oregon United States. Opened in 2004 it is housed in a red-colored stone building completed in 1949 as a Lutheran church. Hillsboro a city on the west side of Portland owns the three-level facility and operates it through their Parks and Recreation Department.Walters Cultural Arts Center includes gallery space classroom space and a 200 seat performance hall.
 MacLaren Youth Correctional Facility is a correctional facility in Woodburn Oregon United States. It is administered by the Oregon Youth Authority. MacLaren incarcerates males from ages 13 to 25 who have committed crimes ranging from Assault and Sex Offenses to murder.[citation needed]One of MacLaren's most infamous residents was Kip Kinkel who in 1998 murdered his two parents as well as two students at his Springfield Oregon high school.
 Limington Academy is a historic private academy building on ME 117 in Limington Maine.The Academy was founded in 1848 and the Greek Revival style building was completed in 1854. The primary founders were Dr. Samuel M. Bradbury Rev. J H. Garmon Arthur McArthur Esq. James McArthur Gideon L. Moody and Isaac L. Mitchell. William G. Lord headed the school from 1851 to 1894. Originally there were no grades and students attended until they were prepared for college or work.
 The Bigelow Carpet Mill is an historic mill on Union and High Streets in Clinton Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1847 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Dordrecht Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Emalahleni Municipality situated in Dordrecht Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Eastern Kentucky Correctional Complex (EKCC) is a minimum and medium-security prison located in West Liberty Kentucky. It opened in February 1990 and had a prison population of 1689 as of 2007.
 Fort Deseret (/dɛz.əˈrɛt./) was built in 1865 during the Utah Black Hawk War to protect settlers in western Utah from the attacks of local Utes. Due to U.S. Army obligations in the Civil War local settlers were advised to take measures to defend themselves resulting in the construction of the fort. The 550-foot square fort had 10-foot adobe walls. It proved useful when Black Hawk appeared in 1866 at Deseret demanding cattle.
 The Gen. Robert Bullock House is a historic home in Oklawaha Florida United States. It is located at the junction of Southeast 119th Court and Southeast 128 Place. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St Davids Cathedral (Welsh: Eglwys Gadeiriol Tyddewi) is situated in St Davids in the county of Pembrokeshire on the most westerly point of Wales.
 The Dunlap Square Building is a historic landmark in Marinette Wisconsin United States and is registered on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St Edwen's Church Llanedwen is a 19th-century parish church near the Menai Strait in Anglesey north Wales. The first church was founded here by St Edwen (daughter of Edwin of Northumbria king and saint) in 640 but the present structure dates from 1856 and was designed by Henry Kennedy the architect of the Diocese of Bangor. It contains some memorials from the 17th and 18th centuries and a reading desk that reuses panel work from the 14th and 17th centuries.
 Drostdy Museum is located in Swellendam South Africa.The building was built in 1747 by the Dutch East India Company as a residence for the Magistrate. Soon afterwards a jail a house for the secretary a mill and various outbuildings were erected.It was bought by the South African Government and established as a Museum in 1939.
 The Mint Museum is a cultural institution in Charlotte North Carolina that comprises Mint Museum Randolph and Mint Museum Uptown. Together these two locations have hundreds of collections showcasing art and design from around the globe.Dr. Kathleen V. Jameson former assistant director of programming for the Museum of Fine Arts Houston assumed the position of Executive Director of both museum locations as of July 1 2010 succeeding Phil Kline upon his retirement.
 Buckingham Friends Meeting House in Buckingham Township Pennsylvania built in 1768 in a doubled style is nationally significant as a model for other Friends Meeting Houses. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2003.
 The Royal Liverpool University Hospital (RLUH) is a major teaching and research hospital located in the city of Liverpool England.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The oldest part of the complex was built in 1869 as the Gothic Revival style Christ Chapel; it was later redesigned in 1913. The main church was constructed in 1884-1886 in the Victorian Gothic style and features stained glass windows designed by John LaFarge and Tiffany studios.
 Skarsvåg Church (Norwegian: Skarsvåg kirke) is a parish church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Skarsvåg. The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1961 and it seats about 60 people. The church was consecrated on 6 August 1961 by the Bishop Alf Wiig. It was called Skarsvåg Chapel until 1999 when it was renamed a church.
 The West Broad Street Industrial and Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Richmond Virginia. The district encompasses 29 contributing buildings and 1 contributing object built between 1902 and the 1930s. The District is characterized by a variety of architectural styles including large industrial vernacular buildings standard post-1900 commercial storefronts and a large Modern-style department store.
 The Clarence B. Moore House is a historic home located at 1321 Locust Street at the corner of S. Juniper Street between S. 13th and S. Broad Streets in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The Moore house was built in 1890 and was designed by noted architect Wilson Eyre as the home of the merchant archaeologist and writer Clarence Bloomfield Moore (1852-1936). It sits next to the Dr.
 The Ingersoll School a one-room schoolhouse near Washburn North Dakota was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.Its 125th anniversary was celebrated in July 2010.
 Wesley Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church (Wesley United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 800 Howard Street in Greenwood Mississippi.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Cathedral Church of Christ Blessed Mary the Virgin and St Cuthbert of Durham (usually known as Durham Cathedral) is a cathedral in the city of Durham England the seat of the Anglican Bishop of Durham. The Bishopric dates from 995 with the present cathedral being founded in AD 1093.
 The Rinckel Mansion at 102 N. Curry St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house built in 1875. It was home of Mathias Rinckel a merchant in Carson City. It was designed and built by Ecole de Beaux Arts-trained architect Charles H. Jones.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Mount Sinai School is a historic Rosenwald School in rural Autauga County Alabama northwest of Prattville. The one-story frame building was built in 1919 to the designs of W.A. Hazel to serve the local African American community. The money to build it was provided by the Julius Rosenwald Fund. The school was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on February 2 2001.
 St Eugrad's Church Llaneugrad is an isolated church near the village of Marian-glas in Anglesey north Wales. A church was supposedly founded here by St Eugrad in about 605 although the earliest parts of the present structure are the nave chancel and chancel arch which date from the 12th century. A side chapel was added to the north in the 16th century and some moderate restoration work was carried out in the 19th century.
 Mak's Noodle (Chinese: 麥奀雲吞麵世家) is a traditional Cantonese restaurant in Central Hong Kong specialising in wonton noodles.
 Vihara Gunung Timur (Chinese: 東嶽觀; pinyin: Dōng yuè guān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Héng-huá-Bio) is a Chinese Taoism temple which is the largest in the city of Medan Indonesia and possibly also on the island of Sumatra. This temple was built in the 1962.
 Old Norriton Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in East Norriton Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1698 and is a one-story brownstone structure measuring 37 feet 6 inches by 27 feet or three bays by two bays. It has a wooden shake gable roof and round-arch windows. The interior features a barrel vault ceiling.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Peñafrancia Minor Basilica is located on the outskirts of Naga City—also known as the Piligrim City and Queen City of Bicol—in the Bicol Region of the Philippines. The Image of Our Lady of Peñafrancia is enshrined in her sanctuary at the Basilica Minore Balatas Road Naga City. Rodel Cajot was appointed rector in 2011.
 Campion House was a Roman catholic college run by the Society of Jesus in the Archdiocese of Westminster. It was situated in Osterley on the Thornbury Road off the A4 road in the London Borough of Hounslow.
 This article is about the building. To learn more about the state legislature see Karnataka Legislative Assembly and Karnataka Legislative Council.The Suvarna Vidhana Soudha is a new legislature building of the State of Karnataka in Belagavi in the Belgaum district of Northern Karnataka. It was inaugurated on 11 October 2012 by President Pranab Mukherjee.
 Kemp's Hotel is a historic inn and tavern building located at Maxatawny Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1795 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular limestone building. A two-story four bay western addition and one-story rear wing was built in 1852. The building has a slate covered gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The St. Louis Cardinals a Major League baseball (MLB) franchise based in St. Louis Missouri have competed in the National League (NL) since 1892 and in the American Association (AA) from 1882 to 1891. They have won eleven World Series titles one additional interleague championship and were co-champions (tied) in another prior to the modern World Series. Known as the Cardinals from 1900 to the present the St.
 The Lewis G. Kline Building located in Corvallis Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Anawan Rock is a colonial historic site in Rehoboth Massachusetts. It is a large dome of conglomerate rock (puddingstone) located off of Winthrop (U.S. Route 44) in a wooded site reached by a short footpath.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Rieser-Shoemaker Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Bern Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has seven contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are a 2 1/2-story vernacular Federal brick farmhouse (c. 1820); stone Pennsylvania bank barn (c. 1820); a group of stone brick and frame outbuildings (c. 1820-1930); and a stone walled spring. The original land grant to Henry Reiser was in 1725.
 The North Villa Rica Commercial Historic District in Villa Rica Georgia was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31 2002. The original application included eighteen buildings spread out over several blocks. The buildings were built in the early commercial style and date from the early to mid-20th century. This area houses the City of Villa Rica Police Department along with several antique stores restaurants and other commercial businesses.
 Elkanah Watson House is a National Historic Landmark located in Port Kent New York. It is a formal home overlooking Lake Champlain that was designed by Sheldon & Merritt and constructed under the supervision of Charles Watson to be the home of his father Elkanah Watson Revolutionary-era diplomat founder of the county fair and early promoter of canals who occupied it in May 1828. It was later the home of another of Elkanah's sons Winslow C.
 Santa María de Óvila is a former Cistercian monastery built in Spain beginning in 1181 on the Tagus River near Trillo Guadalajara about 90 miles (140 km) northeast of Madrid. During prosperous times over the next four centuries construction projects expanded and improved the small monastery.
 The Lima Pennsylvania Railroad Passenger Depot (also known as the Lima Train Station) is a historic former train station in Lima Ohio United States. Built for the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1887 it is a brick Queen Anne structure that rests on a sandstone foundation.
 Barringer Farmhouse is an historic structure located in Rhinebeck New York just west of US 9. Built c. 1830 the building is in a sparsely populated neighborhood and is accessed via an unpaved road north of Fox Hollow Road. The lot covers 15.2 acres (6.2 ha) of land characterized by hills and open fields with lightly wooded areas. The building itself sits at the crest of a knoll overlooking two large ponds.
 The Museum of Fine Arts of Nancy (in French: Musée des Beaux-Arts de Nancy) is one of the oldest museums in France. It was created in 1793.
 One Citizens Plaza is a 13-story office building in Providence Rhode Island situated at the confluence of the Moshassuck and Woonasquatucket Rivers. It is the headquarters of Citizens Bank. Standing at 180 ft (55 m) One Citizens Plaza is tied with the Brown University Sciences Library as the 13th-tallest building in the city.Finished in 1991 the building had been the first new high-rise in the city in over a decade.
 The Northern Pacific Depot and Freight House is a property in Grand Forks North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was used both as a passenger station and a freight warehouse/depot.The station was built in 1929 and includes Tudor Revival architecture. The listing was for an area of less than one acre with just one contributing building.The listing is described in its North Dakota Cultural Resources Survey document.
 The Assembly of God Bethlehem Ministry is a Pentecostal organization within the Brazilian Assembleias de Deus. It is a Ministerio a non-territorial episcopal polity-organization with subordinate churches and congregations in different parts of Brazil and the World
 La Force Prison was a French prison located in the Rue du Roi de Sicile in what is now the 4th arrondissement of Paris. Originally known as the Hôtel de la Force The buildings formed the private residence of Henri-Jacques Nompar de Caumont duc de la Force.
 Elk Hill is a historic home and farm complex located at Nellysford Nelson County Virginia. It is one of the earliest extant farms in Nelson County. The 173-acre (0.70 km2) rural farm bounded in part by the South Fork of the Rockfish River and Reid’s Creek The main house is a substantial two-story three-bay wide frame dwelling with a central hall plan with the original portion built between 1790 and 1810.
 Saint Gregory the Illuminator Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Գրիգոր Լուսավորիչ եկեղեցի Surp Grigor Lusavorich yekeghetsi) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Yerevan Armenia that was destroyed in 1949. It was located on the site of what is now Yeghishe Charents School on Amiryan Street Yerevan.
 The Thorne Memorial School building is located at Franklin and Maple streets in Millbrook New York United States. It is a brick structure built at the end of the 19th century considered the most distinctive public building in the village.After being challenged by a newspaper reporter's column about the new village's lack of a school a wealthy local resident had the school built at his expense and donated it to the community.
 The Shwe Indein Pagoda (Burmese: ရွှေအင်းတိန်စေတီ) is a group of Buddhist pagodas in the village of Indein near Ywama and Inlay Lake in Shan State Burma.The pagodas were commissioned during the reign of King Narapatisithu. However tradition holds that they were built by King Ashoka (known in Burmese as Dhammasoka ဓမ္မသောက) and renewed by King Anawrahta. However there is no archaeological evidence to support this theory.
 The Casa De Josefina (also known as the I. A. Yarnell House) is a historic home near Lake Wales Florida. It is located two miles southeast of Lake Wales off U.S. 27. On June 10 1975 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The 25 room mansion is built in the eclectic Florida Boom style. It was built in 1923 by real estate developer I.A. Yarnell for his wife Josephine. The house overlooks Lake Amoret and the entrance to Yarnell's Highland Park development.
 The Church of St Mark (also known as Holy Cross) in Mark Somerset England dates from the 13th century but is mainly a 14th and 15th century building with further restoration in 1864. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.There may have been a chapel in the village from the 12th century however the current church was dedicated by William Bishop of Bath and Wells in April 1268 as The Church of the Holy Cross.
 The Cathedral of Saint Patrick is a cathedral of the Catholic Church in downtown Harrisburg Pennsylvania United States. It is the motherchurch of the Diocese of Harrisburg and is the seat of its bishop. It is a contributing property in the Harrisburg Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
 First Presbyterian Church built in 1873 is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Presbyterian church building located at 60 East Main Street in Oyster Bay New York. Its architect was J. Cleveland Cady who was just beginning his career and would go on to design the original Metropolitan Opera House the American Museum of Natural History buildings at Yale University Trinity College and 23 other churches but he never designed any other churches in the Carpenter Gothic-style.
 The Newburyport Harbor Front Range Light is one of two historic range lights in Newburyport Massachusetts. When it was built in 1873 it was located at Bayley's Wharf and provided in combination with the Rear Range Light a critical aid for navigating into Newburyport's harbor. The light was converted to electricity in 1933 and automated in 1952. In 1964 the light was moved to its present location on the grounds of the Merrimack River Coast Guard Station.
 The Calf Pasture Pumping Station Complex is an historic sewage treatment facility at 435 Mount Vernon Street on Columbia Point in the Dorchester section of Boston Massachusetts which was built in the 1880s.The surrounding community was in the 17th and 18th centuries and through to the mid-19th century a calf pasture: a place where nearby Dorchester residents took their calves for grazing. It was largely an uninhabited marshland on the Dorchester peninsula.
 Dangan Castle is a former stately home which is now in ruin. It is the former seat of the Wesley (Wellesley) family. Located outside the village of Summerhill County Meath. Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley 1st Duke of Wellington spent most of his childhood at the castle and gardens and Ms Daly who was a local said she witnessed the birth.
 Gold Brook Covered Bridge also known as Stowe Hollow Bridge or Emily's Bridge is a small wooden covered bridge in the town of Stowe Lamoille County Vermont running Covered Bridge Road over Gold Brook. Built in 1844 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Smith Flats is a historic apartment house located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1895 and is a square three story flat roofed building faced with brick veneer. It features projecting three story bay windows bracketed three tiered porches with turned posts and balustrades and a bracketed pressed metal cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Masonic Lodge 570 building is a historic Moderne style building in San Angelo Texas. The building was constructed in 1927 as a meeting hall for San Angelo Lodge #570 (a local area Masonic lodge). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tottori Castle (鳥取城 Tottori-jō) was the central castle of the Tottori han (fief) in feudal Japan. It was a yamashiro or mountain-castle built into the mountain itself using natural obstacles and defenses to a greater extent than man-made walls.
 Selimiye Mosque (Turkish: Selimiye Camii) also known as Agia Sofia Cathedral (Greek: Καθεδρικός Αγίας Σοφίας) formerly Cathédrale Sainte Sophie is a Mosque located in the Turkish-controlled northern part of the walled city of Nicosia. It is the main mosque of the city.
 Sand Church (Norwegian: Sand kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sanden on the island of Austvågøya. The church is part of the Melbu parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white church was built in 1914 to serve the southern part of Hadsel (on Austvågøya island). It seats about 100 people. It was also used as a school for many years but the school closed in 1990.
 The House at 5 Willow Court in Arlington Massachusetts is a rare local example of Second Empire styling. The house originally stood on Massachusetts Avenue and was moved to its present site as that road developed more commercially in the 1930s. It has a mansard roof typical of the style and its windows are topped by eared surrounds.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Cady-Copp House is an historic house at 115 Liberty Highway in Putnam Connecticut.The house was built in 1745 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 B Bond Warehouse (grid reference ST570720) was a Bonded warehouse serving Bristol Harbour.It dates from 1908. It was designed by the Docks Committee engineer and built by William Cowlin and Sons. It is made from reinforced concrete with the ground floor in black brick with a low plinth and patent red bricks blue engineering bricks Pennant stone steps terracotta details and a Welsh slate roof. The open plan building was created in two equal parts separated by central spine wall.
 The Bloomington Viaduct spans the Northern Branch of the Potomac River connecting Bloomington Maryland to Mineral County West Virginia. The sandstone railroad bridge features three full center arches each with a 56 foot (17 m) span and a 28 foot (8.5 m) rise. It is presently owned and operated by CSX Transportation on its Mountain Subdivision.
 Holyman House is an iconic Art Deco building in the CBD of Launceston Tasmania. The building was built in 1936 to house the various branches of Holymans shipping and aviation interests as well as an automobile showroom for Holyman's automotive division. The building was designed to reflect the bold futuristic vision of the Holyman Company with the sleek curves neon-lit spire and modern steel frame construction.
 The Burra Burra Mine is a copper mine located in Ducktown Tennessee in the southeastern United States. Named for the famous mine in Australia the Burra Burra Mine extracted over 15 million tons (14 million metric tons) of copper ore during its years of operation between 1899 and 1959. The mine's remaining structures are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Burra Burra Mine Historic District.
 School 518 is a high school in the historical Balchug area of Moscow Russia. Designed by Ivan Zvezdin and completed in 1935 it is the only listed postconstructivist memorial building in the city. It was reconstructed between 1999 and 2003 to meet modern safety standards and Zvezdin's original design both externally and internally.
 The Rinku Gate Tower Building (りんくうゲートタワービル Rinkū Gēto Tawā Biru) is a 256 metre (840 foot) tall skyscraper located in Rinku Town Izumisano Osaka Japan. The 56-storey building was completed in August 1996 following the design of Nikken Sekkei and Yasui Architects & Engineers.
 Jackson County Courthouse is a Late Victorian building in Newport Arkansas that was built in 1892.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Village of Antwerp Historic District is a national historic district located at Antwerp in Jefferson County New York. The district includes 241 contributing buildings four contributing sites one contributing structure and one contributing object. It encompasses most of the village and includes residential commercial civic and ecclesiastical buildings a memorial park with monument two cemeteries and a stone arch bridge.
 St Botolph-without-Bishopsgate is a Church of England church on the west side of Bishopsgate in the City of London first mentioned in 1212. It survived the Great Fire of London in 1666 and was rebuilt in 1724–29.
 The Richards DAR House is a historic house museum in Mobile Alabama United States. The Italianate style house was completed in 1860 for Charles and Caroline Richards. It is a contributing property to the De Tonti Square Historic District which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 7 1972. The six Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) chapters in Mobile jointly operate and maintain the house.
 Iglesia de San Esteban (Sograndio) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the 12th century.
 Thomas Nelson House is a historic home located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. It was built about 1860 and is a two-story frame dwelling with a slightly hipped roof in the Italianate style. It has a two-story rear wing. It is clad in clapboard and sits on a stone and brick foundation. It features a one-story open front porch with scrolled brackets paired posts and bracketed eaves.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 26 S. Madison Avenue in Spring Valley Rockland County New York. It was built in 1872 and is a frame Gothic Revival style parish church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Colmore Plaza is a mid-rise office building in the Colmore Business District area of Birmingham City Centre.
 For other churches of the same name see St. Ladislaus Church (disambiguation)St.Ladislaus is a Roman Catholic church in South Norwalk Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Pima Air & Space Museum located in Tucson Arizona is one of the world's largest non-government funded aerospace museums. The museum features a display of nearly 300 aircraft spread out over 80 acres (320000 m²) on a campus occupying 127 acres (610000 m²).
 The Barteau Bridge is a stone arch bridge in Bovina Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 for its engineering significance.
 The Bell Telephone Building located at 920 Olive Street in downtown St. Louis Missouri was built in 1889 for the purposes of housing the switchboard and local headquarters of the Bell Telephone Company. The building served as the main telephone exchange for St. Louis from its construction until 1926 and it is the oldest extant telephone building in St. Louis (and possibly was the first building constructed for the telephone industry in St. Louis).
 The Old Lock Pump House on the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal was one of the first National Historic Landmarks to recognize an engineering achievement rather than an important building or a place associated with an historic event. The pump house whose first element was built in 1837 preserves a feature of the old canal which relied on locks and pumps to move vessels over the low divide of the Delmarva Peninsula between Chesapeake Bay and Delaware Bay.
 Western Maryland Railway Station is a historic railway station in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland. It was built in 1913 as a stop for the Western Maryland Railway. It is a 2 1⁄2-story hip roof brick building reflecting the influence of the Commercial Style of the early 20th century. The building features overscaled Classical detailing a stone foundation and a massive modillioned cornice with stone disks defining each bay.
 Parks Place is a property in College Grove Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It has also been known as the William Felix Webb House. It dates from c. 1864.The property includes Italianate architecture. When listed in 1984 the property included three contributing building and three non-contributing buildings on an area of 4.5 acres (1.8 ha).
 Church of St. Joseph of Arimathea originally known as Worthington Memorial Chapel is a historic Episcopal church at 2172 Saw Mill River Road in Greenburgh Westchester County New York. It was designed by noted architect Richard M. Upjohn (1828 – 1903) and built in 1883 in an eclectic Victorian Gothic Revival style.
 Riverside Farm also known as Evermay-on-the-Delaware is a historic hotel located near Erwinna Tinicum Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The house is a 3 1/2-story six bay frame vernacular dwelling with Greek Revival and Italianate style influences. The oldest section of the main house was built in the late-18th century as a two-story three bay frame structure. Additions to the house occurred between about 1870 and 1883 when it took its present form.
 American Legion Post No. 131 is a historic building on Center St. west of junction with Walnut St. in Leslie Arkansas. It was built in 1935 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It served historically as a meetinghall.
 Nickell Homestead and Mill also known as Mont Glenn Farm is a historic home grist mill and national historic district located at Secondcreek near Ronceverte Monroe County West Virginia. The district includes seven contributing buildings. The original section of the main house was built about 1820 with additions made in 1858 and about 1900. It is a 2 1/2 story six bay brick and frame Federal style dwelling. The 1900 addition has some Colonial Revival style details.
 Millstone Bluff is a natural bluff in Pope County Illinois United States located near the community of Glendale. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its archaeological significance Millstone Bluff is one of three National Register sites in Pope County along with the Golconda Historic District and part of the Kincaid Mounds State Historic Site.The bluff is home to a prehistoric Native American settlement used by Mississippian cultures.
 Sonoma Valley Hospital is a hospital located in Sonoma California United States. The hospital which has 38 beds provides surgical and general medical procedures.
 The John Frank House was built in 1955 in Sapulpa Oklahoma United States. It was designed by architect Bruce Goff. It was designed for John Frank founder of Frankoma Pottery. It was specifically designed to showcase the Frank’s love for pottery. John and Grace Lee Frank glazed and fired the ceramic tiles located throughout the house.The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is available for the public to visit upon request.
 The Château de Calamane is a castle in the commune of Calamane in the Lot département of France.The castle was built at the end of the 15th century and was sold as a national property in 1796. It is formed of a quadrangular corps de logis flanked on the north side by two large cylindrical towers; the tops were removed during the French Revolution. The south side is flanked by a polygonal tower with a spiral staircase.
 Fulton Public Library is a historic library building located at Fulton in Oswego County New York. It is a masonry structure built in 1905-1906 in the Beaux-Arts style. The building is built on a steeply sloped lot and is two stories at street level and four stories behind. It was designed and built with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919 and one of 107 in New York State.
 Santos Place is a 6 Star Green Star office building in Brisbane Queensland Australia. Construction began in 2007 and was completed in 2009. It was formerly known as Northbridge before major Australian oil and gas exploration production company Santos bought naming rights for the building in January 2009. Santos occupies eight levels.
 The Pope Villa in Lexington Kentucky USA was designed by Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1811 for Senator John Pope. It is one of only three extant Latrobe residences in the United States. As one of Latrobe's most avant-garde designs the Pope Villa has national significance for its architect and unique design.Purchased in 1987 by the Blue Grass Trust for Historic Preservation the Pope Villa is now being restored to reflect its 1811 original construction appearance.
 Morss Homestead/Federal City Homestead is a historic home and farm complex located at Red Falls in Greene County New York. The house was built about 1830 and is a Greek Revival style dwelling. Also on the property is a barn carriage house and privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Manresa is a Michelin two starred restaurant located in Los Gatos California. The restaurant was founded in 2002 by chef David Kinch.
 The National Bank of Washington Washington Branch is an historic bank building located at 301 7th St. Northwest Washington D.C.
 The Rabideau CCC Camp was a Civilian Conservation Corps camp in the Chippewa National Forest in northern Minnesota United States.
 St Mary's Church Llanfair-yn-y-Cwmwd is a small medieval parish church near the village of Dwyran in Anglesey north Wales. The building probably dates from the 15th century with some alterations. It contains a 12th-century carved stone font and a 13th-century decorated coffin lid. The bell is inscribed with the year of its casting 1582. The historian Henry Rowlands was vicar of St Mary's in the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
 Glevering Hall is a historic house and estate approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) northwest of Wickham Market in the parish of Hacheston Suffolk England. It was possessed at one time by the Abbey of Leiston. The present house was built in 1794 by Chaloner Arcedeckne MP. Glevering Hall became a Grade II* listed building on 25 October 1951.
 The Mall at Sierra Vista is an indoor shopping center located in Sierra Vista Arizona United States owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States. It was constructed during the late 1990s. Sierra Vista is one of the fastest growing communities in Arizona and the major population center for southeastern Arizona. The developers had hoped to market to the growing community which had no other malls.
 Richardson-Bates House is a historic home located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It is constructed primarily of brick and built in three stages. The main section is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure with a gable roof and 4-story tower designed by noted architect Andrew Jackson Warner about 1867. The 2 1⁄2-story brick southern section was built after 1883 as was the frame kitchen wing. The interior features carved woodwork by Louis Lavonier.
 The Tip-Top House is a historic former hotel in Mount Washington State Park in Sargent's Purchase New Hampshire United States. It is the oldest surviving building on the summit of Mount Washington and believed to be the oldest extant mountain-top hostelry in the world. It currently features exhibits concerning the mountain's history. Located adjacent to the summit building it is open (small fee) to visitors from early May to early October.
 The Wiley-Ringland House is a historic home located at Somerset Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is named for its original owner / builder Harvey Washington Wiley and longtime owner / resident Arthur Cuming Ringland. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne-style frame building built about 1893. A fire in 1978 virtually destroyed the house but it was restored between 2001 and 2002 by new owners.The Wiley-Ringland House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Warsaw Radio Mast was the world's tallest structure until its collapse on 8 August 1991. It is the second tallest land-based structure ever built being surpassed as tallest by the Burj Khalifa completed in 2010.The mast which was designed by Jan Polak was 646.38 metres (2120.7 ft) tall. Its construction started in July 1970 was completed on 18 May 1974 and its transmitter entered regular service on 22 July of that year.
 Sally's Apizza is a famed pizzeria in the Wooster Square neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut. It along with its neighbor Pepe's is often cited by aficionados in debates over the world's best pizza.
 Lawrence Academy is a historic school building at 20 Academy Lane in Falmouth Massachusetts.The academy was built in 1834 and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.The building currently houses the Falmouth Chamber of Commerce.
 The St. James Hotel is an historic 12-story hotel in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Horace Trumbauer and was built in 1901 with an addition being constructed in 1904.
 The Totem Heritage Center is a museum operated by the City of Ketchikan in the U.S. state of Alaska.The Heritage Center houses one of the world's largest collections of unrestored 19th century totem poles. The poles were recovered from uninhabited Tlingit settlements on Village Island and Tongass Island south of Ketchikan as well as from the Haida village of Old Kasaan. The Center was founded in 1976 to preserve these totems and act as a cultural center.
 The Northwest Railway Museum is a railroad museum in Snoqualmie King County Washington.
 The Orfordville Depot is located in Orfordville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The William S. Moorhead Federal Building is a 340-foot (100 m) tall skyscraper in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Plans for the building were announced on November 9 1958 and the structure was completed in 1964. It has 23 floors and is the 21st tallest building in Pittsburgh.
 20 Exchange Place is a 59-story Art Deco building in New York City. Formerly known as the City Bank-Farmers Trust Building it was built between 1930–1931 for the newly merged National City Bank of New York and the Farmers' Loan and Trust Company predecessor firms of Citigroup. It remained the company's headquarters until 1956 and was ultimately sold in 1979. The building was designed by the architectural firm of Cross and Cross.
 The Angell-Brewster House in Lebanon Oregon is a building from 1855. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It was removed from the register on April 20 2011 after being demolished in 2010.
 The London Buddhist Vihara (Sinhala:ලන්ඩන් බෞද්ධ විහාරය) is one of the main Theravada Buddhist temples in the United Kingdom. The Vihara was the first Sri Lankan Buddhist monastery to be established outside Asia. Established in 1926 the Vihara is managed by the Anagarika Dharmapala Trust in Colombo. The current chief bhikkhu of the Vihara is Ven Bogoda Seelawimala Nayaka Thera who is also the Chief Sangha Nayaka of Great Britain.
 The National Museum of Vietnamese History (Vietnamese: Viện Bảo tàng Lịch sử Việt Nam) is located in the Hoan Kiem district of Hanoi Vietnam.
 The Robert H. Jackson United States Courthouse is a U.S. Federal courthouse located in Buffalo New York. The building occupies a full block of Delaware Avenue at Niagara Square directly across from the Statler Towers and adjacent to Buffalo City Hall.
 Quehanna Motivational Boot Camp is a mixed-sex six-month military-style boot camp program operated by the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections in rural Clearfield County.
 The New Zealand Dominion Museum building was completed in 1936 and is located on Buckle Street in Wellington next to the National War Memorial. The building originally housed the National Museum the National Art Gallery of New Zealand and the New Zealand Academy of Fine Arts. It currently houses part of the Massey University Wellington Campus.Prior to 1913 the Dominion Museum was known as the Colonial Museum.
 The Istanbul Main Post Office (Turkish: Büyük Postane) is an office building for postal services located at Sirkeci quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul Turkey. It was designed by architect Vedat Tek in First Turkish National architectural style and was constructed between 1905 and 1909.
 Iggy's is a restaurant in Singapore which serves Modern European cuisine. It has been named in The World's 50 Best Restaurants since 2009 including best Asian restaurant in 2012. It has been named as the best restaurant in Asia by the Miele Guide on three occasions.
 The 100 Park Avenue Building formerly known as the Medical Arts Building is a skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City. The 100 Park Avenue Building has 12 stories and is 160 feet (49 m) tall. The building is constructed in the Art Deco style and was designed by Solomon Andrew Layton. It opened in 1923 at which point it was the tallest building in Oklahoma City.
 The Palais Rose located at 14 Allée des Fêtes at the corner of 12 rue Diderot in Vésinet in the department of Yvelines was built in 1899 inspired by the Grand Trianon in Versailles. In 1986 it was added to the official ISHM listing of historical monuments.The Palais Rose in Vésinet should not be confused with the “other” Palais Rose which once stood on the Avenue Foch and was razed in the early 1970s. The two buildings did however share a number of features.
 The Uzhgorod Synagogue was dedicated in 1910. It was built in a flamboyant Romantic style boldly intermingling Byzantine and Moorish elements.Since World War II the building has housed the Regional Philharmonic Society with the Transcarpathian Folk Choir served as Uzhgorod’s concert hall prized for its acoustics.
 Fort View Apartments also known as Fort Stevens Place is an historic structure located in the Brightwood neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. The apartments designed by George Santmyers overlook Fort Stevens Park. The 62-unit complex sat empty for a number of years until it was redeveloped for over $19 million. The project was completed in 2011.
 Melbourne Museum is in the Carlton Gardens in Melbourne Australia adjacent to the Royal Exhibition Building. It was designed by Denton Corker Marshall Architects and finished construction in 2001. Situated in the Carlton Gardens it was commissioned by the Victorian Government Office of Major Projects on behalf of Museums Victoria.
 St. Mary's Hospital was a Catholic hospital founded in 1866 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word in Galveston Texas USA; it was the first private hospital in Texas. The hospital was closed and sold in 1996 to the neighboring University of Texas Medical Branch.
 Linton Stephens Covered Bridge also known as Linton Stevens Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township and New London Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 102-foot-long (31 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1886. It crosses Big Elk Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Magnolia Plantation also known as the Boteler-Holder Farm is a historic home located at Knoxville Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2-story five-bay-wide house built about 1835 with a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay rear addition set on finely coursed local fieldstone foundations.
 Saint Luke's Protestant Episcopal Church (St. Luke's Episcopal Church) is a historic church at 2304 Second Avenue in Kearney Nebraska. It was designed by Chicago architect John Sutcliffe and was built in 1908.
 The Chelsea Sugar Refinery also known colloquially as Chelsea and the sugar works is a long-established business and landmark in Birkenhead New Zealand located on the northern shore of Auckland's Waitemata Harbour. The refinery was established in 1884 and remains New Zealand's main source of sugar products (for both home use and for the food and beverage industry).
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Depot in Yankton South Dakota was built in 1905 by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as The Milwaukee Road).Prior to the 1870s Yankton was served by steamboats along the Missouri River. As service declined railroads took over to serve the communities in South Dakota. In the late 1870s the Dakota Southern Railroad entered Yankton. Shortly afterward the Dakota Southern was bought by The Milwaukee Road.
 The Museum of Anatolian Civilizations (Turkish: Anadolu Medeniyetleri Müzesi) is located on the south side of Ankara Castle in the Atpazarı area in Ankara Turkey. It consists of the old Ottoman Mahmut Paşa bazaar storage building and the Kurşunlu Han. Because of Atatürk's desire to establish a Hittite museum the buildings were bought upon the suggestion of Hamit Zübeyir Koşay who was then Culture Minister to the National Education Minister Saffet Arıkan.
 Haeundae I Park Marina is a complex of four skyscrapers in Busan South Korea consisting of three office towers and one residential tower. Tower 1 and 2 were both in the 20 tallest buildings completed in 2011 and Tower 2 is currently the 102nd tallest building in the world.
 The Giesy–Failing House is a house located southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood.
 The Second Baptist Church located at 441 Monroe Street within Greektown in Detroit Michigan is the oldest African-American church in the Midwestern United States. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Wrest Park is a country estate located near Silsoe Bedfordshire England. It comprises Wrest Park a Grade I listed country house and Wrest Park Gardens also Grade I listed formal gardens surrounding the mansion.
 Brandywine Avenue School was a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County New York. It was built in 1904 and was a 3 1⁄2-story red brick U shaped institutional building in the Classical Revival style. It sat on a basement of rock-faced limestone and had a hipped roof. It operated as a teacher training facility from 1910 to 1925 and ceased being used as a school in 1974.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 308 Tuskeena Street in Wetumpka Alabama. It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Young-Yentes-Mattern Farm also known as Maple Grove Farmstead is located in Huntington Indiana USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 St. Vincent Street Church is a Presbyterian church on St. Vincent Street in Glasgow Scotland. It was designed by Alexander Thomson (also known as Greek Thomson) and built in 1859 for the former United Presbyterian Church of Scotland. It is a Category A listed building. The church building is owned by Glasgow City Council but is currently used by a congregation of the Free Church of Scotland: Glasgow City Free Church.
 Spetisbury Priory also Spettisbury Priory was a medieval priory in Spetisbury or Spettisbury Dorset England.
 The J. Leo Fairbanks House is a house located in Corvallis Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Banneker-Douglass Museum formerly known as Mt. Moriah African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was constructed in 1875 and remodeled in 1896. It is a 2 1⁄2-story gable-front brick church executed in the Gothic Revival style. It served as the meeting hall for the First African Methodist Episcopal Church originally formed in the 1790s for nearly 100 years.
 Burgandine House is a historic home located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. It was built about 1800 and is a 1 1/2-story plank log dwelling. It has a gable roof and weatherboard siding. The building served periodically for several years as the headquarters for the Culpeper Historical Society. It is considered the oldest residence in Culpeper.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Governor's Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Clarksville Tennessee. It is anchored by JCPenney Belk Dillard's Sears Dick's Sporting Goods Ross Dress For Less Target Old Navy Best Buy and ToysRUs.At the time of its opening in 1986 the area around the exit was largely undeveloped.An original anchor Hess's was split between Borders Books & Music and Goody's Family Clothing. After Goody's closed in 2008 due to bankruptcy it became Dick's Sporting Goods.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad South Cle Elum Rail Yard located in South Cle Elum Washington was a division point on the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad's Coast Division. It was established by the railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1909 during construction of its Pacific Extension.
 Cooper's Run Baptist Church is a historic church building in Shawhan Kentucky.It was built in 1803 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Owen Lovejoy House also known as Owen Lovejoy Homestead was the home of abolitionist and congressman Owen Lovejoy. The home was part of the Underground Railroad. It contains a concealed compartment in which escaped slaves could be hidden.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
 Waverly Junior and Senior High School also known as Mary W. Muldoon High School is a historic school located at Waverly in Tioga County New York. It is a three story brick building with an attached two story wing on a solid concrete foundation built in 1913. The most dominant feature of the building is the entryway. It features a round headed archway flanked by cast stone Roman Doric columns and surmounted by a wide entabulature with balustrade.
 The Great Budbridge Manor (original name in Domesday Book: Messetone or Marshton; also: Botebrigge 13th century; Butbrygg or Northbudbrygge 15th century) is a manor house just south of Merstone near Arreton Isle of Wight England. Fish ponds on the grounds appear medieval.The manor's history has been traced to John de Lisle Henry de Botebrigge and Walter Urry during the reign of Henry III (1207–72). Records testify its ownership by William Urry in 1280.
 The Bank of the Metropolis building is located at 31 Union Square West in Manhattan New York City. It was designed by Bruce Price an architect particularly attached to designing skyscrapers in three parts mirroring the structure of classical columns and the building reflects this base-shaft-capital concept. The facade of the Renaissance revival building which was built from 1902-1903 is limestone.
 Moore's Auto Body and Paint Shop formerly known as Standard Gas and Oil Supply Station is a historic filling station located in Richmond Virginia. The oldest section was originally built as a stable in 1875. It was enlarged in 1926. It is a one-story stuccoed brick building in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The structure has an irregular plan with the northern facade formed in a crescent shape and the rest of the building in rectangular forms.
 The Didsbury Mosque and Islamic Centre is located on Burton Road West Didsbury in Manchester England. The building was originally the “Albert Park Methodist Chapel” which opened for worship in 1883 but in 1962 the church closed and was later converted into a mosque. It has an attendance of around 1000 people.
 Walsingham Friary was a monastic house in Norfolk England.
 Château d'Excideuil is a château in Excideuil Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 The Chanin Building is a brick and terra-cotta skyscraper located at 122 East 42nd Street at the corner of Lexington Avenue in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Built by Irwin S. Chanin in 1929 it is 56 stories high reaching 197.8 metres (649 ft) excluding the spire and 207.3 metres (680 ft) including it.
 Wavertree is a historic iron-hulled sailing ship located at the South Street Seaport in New York City. Wavertree is currently the largest iron sailing vessel afloat.
 The Collinsville City Hall and Fire Station are two connected buildings located at 125 Center St. in Collinsville Illinois. The Italianate City Hall was built in 1885. It was Collinsville's first dedicated city hall; prior to its completion government meetings were held at the mayor's house. The new city hall along with several other public works projects created a large debt which contributed to mayor Charles L. Oatman's defeat in the next election.
 The Odessa Numismatics Museum (Russian: Одесский музей нумизматики translit. Odeski Muzei Numismatiki) is a currency museum in Ukraine. The museum preserves and exhibits ancient relics from the Northern Black Sea Region and Rus-Ukraine.The Museum has two branches located in the centre of Odessa:at 33 Grecheskaya Str.
 Gimsøy Church (Norwegian: Gimsøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Gimsøy on the island of Gimsøya. The church is part of the Gimsøy og Strauman parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Bell Ford Post Patented Diagonal Combination Bridge often simply called the Bell Ford Bridge or Bell Ford Covered Bridge is a dilapidated covered bridge located in Jackson County Indiana northwest of Seymour Indiana. The bridge originally passed over the East Fork of the White River on a former alignment of State Road 258 and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 25 2005.The bridge was originally built in 1869.
 Selfridges Oxford Street is a Grade II listed retail premises located in Oxford Street London England. It was designed by Daniel Burnham for Harry Gordon Selfridge and opened in 1909. Still the headquarters of Selfridge & Co. department stores with 540000 square feet (50000 m2) of selling space the store is the second largest retail premises in the UK half as big as the biggest department store in Europe Harrods.
 St Mary's Church Cleobury Mortimer is on Church Street Cleobury Mortimer Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ludlow the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of six local parishes to form the Cleobury Benefice. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is notable for its shingled twisted spire.
 The Hunter Mountain Fire Tower is located on the summit of the eponymous mountain second highest of the Catskill Mountains in the U.S. state of New York. It was the first of 23 fire lookout towers built by the state in the region and the next-to-last of the five still standing to be abandoned.Today it remains a popular attraction for hikers climbing the mountain.
 The Anantara Towers is a group of three towers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The three towers are Anantara Hotel Jumeirah Lake Apartments and Jumeirah Lake Offices. Anantara Hotel is the tallest of the three with 45 floors standing at 234 metres (768 feet). The other two towers have a height of 219 metres (719 ft) with 40 floors. Although construction has begun they are currently on-hold due to a change of contractor.
 All Saints Catholic Church is a former parish church building in the Diocese of Des Moines. The building is located in Stuart Iowa United States at 320 N. Fremont. The parish used the building as its church until a devastating fire severely damaged the structure. The building has been rebuilt and it serves as a cultural center called the Historic All Saints/Saints Center for Culture and the Arts.
 The Lady Cilento Children's Hospital (known as the Queensland Children's Hospital during early stages of the project) is a new major children’s hospital under construction in South Brisbane Queensland Australia.The hospital will combine the Royal Children's Hospital Herston and the Mater Children's Hospital together into one new facility located next to the existing Mater Children’s Hospital in South Brisbane.
 Coleman Bridge is a historic Ball-patent pipe pony truss bridge in Windsor Massachusetts. It is the only known surviving in situ bridge of its type in Massachusetts. It is located on an abandoned stretch of Windsor Bush Road which crosses Phelps Brook in what is now a remote upland section of Windsor. The bridge was located near farms owned by the Coleman family giving the bridge its name. The bridge type was invented by Charles H.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Winsford is in Over Winsford Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 Broadcasting House is the headquarters of the BBC in Portland Place and Langham Place London. The first radio broadcast was made on 15 March 1932 and the building was officially opened two months later on 15 May. The main building is in Art Deco style with a facing of Portland stone over a steel frame.
 Le Musée d'Art Moderne de Céret is a modern art museum in Céret Pyrénées-Orientales France created by Pierre Brune and Frank Burty Haviland in 1950 with the personal support of their friends Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse who were involved in its creation.
 The Église Notre-Dame-du-Mont is a Roman Catholic church in Marseille.
 One Tabor Center is a 408 feet (124 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. The building was completed in 1984 and has 30 floors. It is the 15th tallest building in Denver. The building designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates has a floor area of 669000 sq ft (62200 m2).
 The Tariffville Historic District is a 93 acres (38 ha) historic district in the town of Simsbury Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It is part of the Tariffville section of Simsbury.The district includes 165 contributing buildings and two contributing sites.
 Town Brook Historic and Archeological District is a historic district associated with the seventeenth century Pilgrims in Plymouth Massachusetts. The Town Brook provided drinking water for the Pilgrims after landing in 1620.The headwaters of Town Brook are located at the Billington Sea three miles from downtown Plymouth. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The J. R. Shepherd House at 58 W. Center St. in Paris Idaho is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1890. It has been termed the most pretentious house in town and the most conspicuouslocal model extant of Queen Anne. Its construction by a young businessman prompted aflurry of Queen Anne cottages and houses to be built in the town.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Anchorage is a historical home in Harmar (Marietta) Ohio. Also known as the Putnam Villa it was built in 1859 by Douglas Putnam for his wife Eliza. Douglas was the great grandson of General Israel Putnam. Douglas' brother David Putnam Jr. was the leading abolitionist in Marietta. David was said to frequent the home leading to the belief the home was used as part of the Underground Railroad although no evidence has been uncovered.
 Parley Hunt House is a historic home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bunkerville Nevada United States.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church on Hillside Road in Chester Borough Morris County New Jersey United States.The Greek Revival church was built in 1856 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 The John Humphreys House also known as Sir John Humphreys House is a historic house located at 99 Paradise Road in Swampscott Massachusetts. It is currently a house museum owned by the Swampscott Historical Society.The oldest part of the house dates from circa 1637 (according to a period map showing a building on the same location) and it is Swampscott's oldest building said to be built for John Humphrey the first Deputy Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony under John Winthrop.
 The Isaac Lewis House in Stratford Connecticut was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It is located at 50 Paradise Green Place in Stratford.The house is currently used as a funeral home.
 HM Prison Highpoint North (formerly called Highpoint Prison and Edmunds Hill Prison) is a Category C men's prison located in the village of Stradishall (near Newmarket) in Suffolk England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Bush House is a historic house in Grove Hill Alabama. The two-story Colonial Revival style house was built in 1912. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1999. It was listed due to its architectural significance as a part of the Clark County Multiple Property Submission.
 Stevenson Place is a 24-storey 103 m (338 ft) class A office building in the financial district of San Francisco California. The building was the winner of the 1987 Prestressed Concrete Institute Competition.
 The Platinum Fashion Mall is a 5 billion baht (100 million euro) shopping mall in Pratunam Bangkok Thailand which specializes in fashion clothes and accessories retail and wholesale. It is a six-storey complex with an 11-storey condominium building above the complex.The clothes shops operate on the principle that buying 1 piece is a retail sale and warrants retail price but buying 3 (or sometimes more) pieces is wholesale and you get the wholesale price.
 The West Union Covered Bridge is north-northeast of Montezuma Indiana. The two-span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1876. The bridge is 334 feet (102 m) long 17 feet (5.2 m) wide and 14.5 feet (4.4 m) high. It is notable for being the longest standing covered bridge in Parke County IN.
 Wakayama Prefectural Museum (和歌山県立博物館 Wakayama Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a museum in Wakayama Japan. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture.The focus of the museum is the history and culture of Wakayama Prefecture. The museum opened in the ninomaru of Wakayama Castle in 1971; adjacent is the Museum of Modern Art Wakayama.
 The Grange located four miles north of Paris in Bourbon County Kentucky United States was built in c.1818 in the Federal style of architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.It was built as a house for Ned Stone a slave dealer who eventually was killed in a mutiny on a slave ship.
 The New Brunswick Museum located in Saint John New Brunswick is Canada's oldest continuing museum. The New Brunswick Museum was officially incorporated as the Provincial Museum in 1929 and received its current name in 1930 but its history goes back much further. Its lineage can be traced back another eighty-eight years to 1842 and to the work of Dr. Abraham Gesner.
 The Kentucky Railway Museum now located in New Haven Kentucky United States is a non-profit railroad museum dedicated to educating the public regarding the history and heritage of Kentucky's railroads and the people who built them. Originally created in 1954 in Louisville Kentucky the museum is at its third location in extreme southern Nelson County.
 Herod's Gate (Hebrew: שער הפרחים Translit.: Sha'ar HaPerachim Translated: Gate of the flowers Arabic: باب الساهرة‎) is a gate in the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. Its elevation is 755 meters above sea level. It adjoins the Muslim Quarter and is a short distance to the east of the Damascus Gate. In proximity to the gate is an Arab neighborhood called Bab a-Zahara a variation of the Arabic name for the gate. This modest gate is one of the newest gates of Jerusalem.
 Bernard E. Wilmoth House is a historic home located at Belington Barbour County West Virginia. It was built in 1911-1913 and is a 2 1/2 story Queen Anne style house. It is built of speckled tan-colored bricks. It features a variety of window styles and a large verandah on one and one half sides of the house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Archaeological Museum of Argos (Greek: Αρχαιολογικό Μουσείο Άργους) is a museum in Argos in Argolis on the Peloponnese peninsula Greece. The history of the museum began in April 1932 when the heirs of J. Kallergis donated the building to the Argos city council. They in turn gave it to the Greek state along with the surrounding area on October 25 1955.The museum consists of two sections; the Kallergeio museum which was inaugurated in 1957 and the new section in 1961.
 The Oryol Prison has been a prison in Oryol since the 19th century. It was a notable place of incarceration for political prisoners and war prisoners of the Second World War. The building of prison built in 1840 is one of the oldest buildings in the city of Oryol. In 1941 the Orel isolation prison contained some five thousand political prisoners.
 The Comerica Bank Building is an American office building located in San Diego California.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Lompoc (FCI Lompoc) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. It is part of the Lompoc Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Lompoc) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCC Lompoc is located within the city of Lompoc 175 miles (282 km) northwest of Los Angeles adjacent to Vandenberg Air Force Base.
 Bank of America Plaza is a 365 feet (111 m) 23-story office building located at Las Olas City Centre in downtown Fort Lauderdale Florida. The structure was finished in early 2003 and contains a parking garage which is located on the second to sixth floors a small retail mall and a Bank of America—the building's namesake tenant—on the ground floor. It currently stands as the fifth tallest building in Ft.
 The Skierstins is a medieval Stienhús built c. 1300 out of brick in Feanwâlden. It is the only remaining Stienhús in Friesland and is listed as Rijksmonument number 11700 and is rated with a very high historical value. The building is first mentioned in 1439 on a piece of parchment.
 James Wade Bolton House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 15 1979.
 Coffeetown Grist Mill is a historic grist mill located at Williams Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1762 and is a banked building measuring 2 1/2-stories high on the banked side. The building measures 36 feet by 50 feet and assumed its present size with additions made in the 19th century. The mill was converted to a fertilizer factory in the 1920s. The building was also used as a temporary schoolhouse and post office.
 US Post Office—Depew is a historic post office building located at Depew in Erie County New York. It was designed and built 1938-1939 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style. The interior features a mural by Anne Poor painted in 1941 and titled Beginning the Day.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Daniel Billmeyer House is a historic house in the Mount Airy section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The 1793 section of the house was built by printer and wealthy businessman Michael Billmeyer for his son Daniel.The house was built in two sections. The first was built c. 1730 and was occupied by British troops during the Battle of Germantown. A major focus of this battle was the larger house Cliveden one block to the southeast which was also occupied by British troops.
 Meadowood Mall is a one-level 890000-square-foot (83000 m2) super-regional mall in Reno Nevada owned and managed by Simon Property Group. Meadowood Mall contains 100 retailers and restaurants and it is anchored by Macy’s Women Macy’s Men/Home Sears and JCPenney.
 The Parkinson Building is a grade II listed art deco building and campanile located at the University of Leeds in West Yorkshire England. The campanile is the highest point of the building and stands at 57 metres (187 ft) tall making it the 17th-tallest building in the city of Leeds.The building is named after Frank Parkinson a major benefactor to the university who donated £200000 towards the cost of the new building.
 Longwood is a historic home and farm located near Earlysville Albemarle County Virginia. The house was built about 1790 with additions between 1810 and 1820 and about 1940. It is a two-story five-bay frame building with a two-story store/post office addition and a small one-story two bay gable-roofed frame wing. It has Federal and Colonial Revival design elements. Also on the property are a contributing frame barn (c. 1890) a frame schoolhouse for African American students [c.
 Garret Club is a historic clubhouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was designed by noted Buffalo architect Edward Brodhead Green and constructed in 1929.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Trinity Block is a historic commercial building in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built in 1923 by local developer Samuel F. Green on the site previously occupied by Trinity Methodist Church. The three story building is faced in cast stone and terra cotta and exhibits a variety and creativity of uses of Classical Revival design elements. The building has retail space on the first floor and offices above. and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 R&F City is located on the Northwest Corner of Shuangjing Bridge on East 3rd Ring South Road in the Chaoyang District of Beijing.Architects Aedas won first prize on the Master Planning and Architectural Design Competition for this project.[citation needed]The commercial portion of R&F City is situated on the Eastern 3rd Ring Road. It consists of two 21-storey grade A office buildings. In addition there is a 25-storey four star hotel with 400-500 rooms.
 The St La Salle Hall (also known as the LS Building) is an H-shaped four-storey structure built in the neoclassical style. It faces Taft Avenue in the district of Malate in Manila Philippines. The building designed by Tomás Mapúa was built from 1920 to 1924 to serve as the new campus of De La Salle College (now De La Salle University) due to the lack of space of the previous campus in Paco Manila and to accommodate its increasing student population.
 Neues Museum Nürnberg is a museum for modern and contemporary art and design in Nuremberg Germany. It was opened in April 2000.
 The Yererouk Basilica (Երերույքի տաճար or Yereruyk or Ererouk) is a 4th and 5th century Armenian church in the town of Anipemza in the Shirak Province of Armenia only 8 km southeast of the ancient Armenian capital of Ani.Because the basilica of Yererouk is one of the earliest Christian monuments in Armenia it was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on August 25th 1995 in the Cultural category.
 The German Bank Building known also as Louisville Home Federal Building is a historic building in Downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. It is located on the corner of Fifth and Market streets. The two-story structure was built in 1914 in a Beaux-Arts style with a limestone facade. In 1918 the name of the building was changed to Louisville National Bank.
 Saint Victor Catholic Church located at 8634 Holloway Drive is a Roman Catholic church in West Hollywood California.
 The Museum of Science & Industry (MOSI) is a science museum in Tampa Florida USA. It is the location of Florida's only IMAX Dome Theatre.
 The Rufus M. Rose House is a late Victorian Queen Anne style house located in the SoNo district of Atlanta Georgia. Occupying a narrow lot on Peachtree Street one and half blocks south of North Avenue the house was built in 1901 for Dr. Rufus Mathewson Rose. The architect was Emil Charles Seiz who designed many residential and commercial structures in the city including the 1924 Massellton Apartments on Ponce de Leon Avenue.
 The Duck Mill is an historic mill building at 60 Duck Mill Road in Fitchburg Massachusetts. The 3.5 story brick building was constructed in 1852 by industrialist George Blackburn to replace an 1842 mill building that had been destroyed by fire. The mill was used to produce cotton duck.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Yogyakarta Fortress Museum (Official Indonesian name Museum Benteng Yogyakarta) also known as Vredeburg Fortress Museum is a museum in Yogyakarta. The museum was established in a former Dutch fortress. It is located in front of Gedung Agung one of seven presidential palaces in Indonesia and the Sultan Palace called Kraton.
 The Champlain Canal is a 60-mile (97 km) canal that connects the south end of Lake Champlain to the Hudson River in New York. It was simultaneously constructed with the Erie Canal and is now part of the New York State Canal System and the Lakes to Locks Passage.The canal was proposed in 1812 and construction authorized in 1817. By 1818 12 miles (19 km) were completed and in 1819 the canal was opened from Fort Edward to Lake Champlain. The canal was officially opened on September 10 1823.
 Children's Memorial Hospital was a pediatric hospital in Chicago. The main hospital was located in the Lincoln Park neighborhood on the north side of the city. In June of 2012 the staff moved 170 patients and their parents traveling by ambulance and escorted by the Chicago Police and Fire Departments 3 miles south to the newly built Lurie Children's Hospital. Redevelopment of the site has become a hotly contested political issue.
 Gyllebo Castle (Swedish: Gyllebo slott) is a castle in Simrishamn Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. Adjacent to the castle is Gyllebohus the ruins of a 16th-century stronghold.
 The Riverside County Regional Medical Center or RCRMC is a public teaching hospital located at 26520 Cactus Avenue Moreno Valley California United States operated by the County of Riverside. It is classified as a Level II Adult & Pediatric Trauma Center.Founded in 1893 and originally located in downtown Riverside California the hospital has since relocated.
 Vernon House is a National Historic Landmark built in Newport Rhode Island around 1760 at 46 Clarke Street.Around 1760 William Vernon built the Georgian house probably with the assistance of Peter Harrison. It became a landmark in 1968. Count de Rochambeau used the house as his headquarters when the French allies stayed in Newport during the American Revolution.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Elkton (FCI Elkton) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Ohio. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses low and minimum-security male inmates. FCI Elkton is located in central Columbiana County Ohio and is 45 miles northwest of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Peyton House also known as Waverly in Raymond Mississippi was built in 1831. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Cyrus Gates Farmstead is located in Maine New York. Cyrus Gates was a cartographer and map maker for New York State as well as an abolitionist. The Great x2 Granddaughter of Cyrus-Louise Gates-Gunsalus states that from 1848 until the end of slavery in the United States in 1865 the Cyrus Gates Farmstead was a station or stop on the Underground Railroad. Its owners Cyrus and Arabella Gates were outspoken abolitionists as well as active and vital members of their community.
 Newkirk Homestead also known as the Newkirk-Garcia House is a historic home located at Leeds in Greene County New York. The original structure and basement dates to the 18th century. It is a five-bay 1 1⁄2-story frame dwelling to which is attached a 2-story three-bay frame addition completed in the mid-19th century. It features a Greek Revival style portico with four Doric columns also added in the mid-19th century.
 The Hardin County Courthouse located in Eldora Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 2 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Roper Hotel is located at 707 Third Street in the city of Marble Falls county of Burnet in the U.S. state of Texas. It was erected circa 1888. The hotel was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1981 and added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Burnet County Texas on January 8 1980. The two-story structure was originally built by George and Elizabeth Roper.
 St. Thomas of Villanova Church is a Roman Catholic church on the campus of Villanova University. Completed in 1887 it had long been the center of Augustinian activity in the United States and still plays an important role within the province. Today the church functions as the parish church for St. Thomas of Villanova parish as well as the University Chapel for Villanova University. The church's dual Gothic revival spires have long been symbolic of the University.
 Montgomery Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Montgomery Alabama. Opened in 1970 it closed in 2008 after several years of declining traffic. The mall's anchor stores were J.C. Penney Parisian and Gayfers (later Dillard's then Steve & Barry's). In February 2013 redevelopment began on the vacant mall property.
 Hpaung Daw U Pagoda Burmese: ဖောင်တော်ဦး ရုပ်ရှင်တော် မြတ်စွာဘုရား [pʰàʊɴ dɔ̀ ʔú pʰəjá]; also spelt Hpaung Daw Oo or Phaung Daw Oo) is a notable Buddhist site in Myanmar (formerly Burma) located on the Inle Lake in Shan State. The pagoda houses five small gilded images of Buddha which have been covered in gold leaf to the point that their original forms cannot be seen. The gold-leaf application to such excess is relatively recent.
 Mokotakan is an open-air museum located in Saint-Mathieu-du-Parc in the Mauricie region of Quebec Canada. It traces the presence of aboriginal peoples in Quebec for more than 5000 years. The eleven aboriginal peoples of Quebec represented at the site are Abenakis Algonquins Atikamekws Cree Wendat Innu (Montagnais) Inuit Maliseet Micmac Mohawk Naskapis.
 The Banker's House at 319 N. Lafayette St. in Shelby North Carolina was built in 1875. It was designed by architect G.S.H. Appleget in Second Empire style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
 The Holy Trinity Cathedral Hong Kong (Chinese: 香港聖三一座堂; Jyutping: hoeng1 gong2 sing3 saam1 jat1 zo6 tong4) is an Anglican Christian church situated in Kowloon City of Kowloon Hong Kong. It was founded in 1890 and is the oldest Anglican church in Kowloon. The cathedral is one of the three Anglican churches which have the cathedral status in whole of Hong Kong (The other Anglican cathedrals are St John's Cathedral and All Saints' Cathedral).
 Annamede also known as Davisson-Blair Farm is a historic home located near Walkersville Lewis County West Virginia. It was built in 1901 and is a 2 1/2 story 17 room red brick mansion in the Classical Revival style. The front facade features a massive two-story. portico supported by large fluted Corinthian order columns. It also has a one story front porch that extends 3/4 of the way around each side.
 Uchi is a contemporary Japanese sushi restaurant located in Austin Texas which opened in 2003. The Japanese word Uchi translates to house in English and the 2700-square-foot (250 m2) space is a refurbished home. Owner and chef Tyson Cole's menu consists of hot and cool tastings sushi and sashimi makimono yakimono and tempura and a changing omakase based on seasonal items. In 2011 Cole won the “Best Chef Southwest” award from the James Beard Foundation.
 Sandy Ground Historic Archeological is a historic archaeological site and national historic district located at Sandy Ground Staten Island New York. The district encompasses one contributing building and one contributing site.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Rev. John H. Gray House is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama. The two-story frame I-house was built by John H. Gray in the 1830s. Gray served as the first minister for the First Presbyterian Church from 1826 until 1836. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Penhill Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 St. Mary of Perpetual Help (Polish: Kościół Matki Bożej Nieustającej Pomocy) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in the Bridgeport neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. It is a prime example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. Along with St. Barbara's in Chicago it is one of two monumental religious edifices found in this near South Side neighborhood.
 Ingram Park Mall is a super regional shopping center located in the northwest section of San Antonio Texas USA at the intersection of Interstate 410 and Ingram Road.
 The Whitgift Centre is a large shopping centre and office development in the centre of Croydon London opened in stages between 1968 and 1970. The centre currently comprises 1302444 sq ft (121001.0 m2) of retail space and was the largest covered shopping development in Greater London until the opening of Westfield London at White City in October 2008. The shopping centre was used in the titles of the first series of Terry & June.
 The Basilica Minore of Our Lady of Charity (Basilica de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad) better known as Agoo Basilica is a Roman Catholic Minor Basilica in Agoo La Union the Philippines dedicated to Our Lady of Charity. It is the seat of the Santa Monica Parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union under the Vicariate of St. Francis Xavier (Vicar Forane Father Raul S. Panay). The diocese of San Fernando La Union is part of the territory of the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia.
 Tewksbury Hospital (previously known as Massachusetts State Infirmary and Tewksbury State Hospital) is a hospital in Tewksbury Massachusetts established in 1854 and still in operation.The State Almshouse was located in Tewksbury May 1 1854 upon a farm of two hundred and fifty acres [1 km²]. Mr. Isaac H. Meserve was the first superintendent. The Honorable Thomas J. Marsh succeeded him in 1858 and he held the office for over twenty-five years. Mr. Marsh in 1883 was followed by Dr. C.
 Zion Episcopal Church Complex and Harmony Cemetery is a national historic district comprising a historic Episcopal church complex and cemetery located at Morris in Otsego County New York. The complex consists of the church rectory (1893) and parish house (1901). The church was built in 1818 and is a stone building in the early English Gothic Revival style. It features a steeply sloping gable roof and a central projecting bell tower with a belfry with a balustrade.
 Radisson Blu Hotel Hamburg is a 5-star hotel in Hamburg Germany. It is owned by Radisson Hotels & Resorts. It is 108 meters tall. It is the tallest hotel in Hamburg and also the tallest building in the city. It is situated near Dammtor-Bahnhof and Congress Center Hamburg (CCH). It has 32 floors and 556 rooms. It was built between 1970-1973 and it was named Hotel Plaza Hamburg. In 1988 it was bought by SAS Group.
 First Baptist Church is an historic church at 353 Congress Street in Portland Maine.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Good Counsel Complex also known as Convent of the Sisters of the Divine Compassion is a national historic district located at White Plains Westchester County New York. The district consists of 10 contributing buildings including the separately listed Mapleton.
 Odd Fellows Lodge also known as Old First Presbyterian Church is a historic building in Bel Air Maryland United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Mt. Pleasant Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Jackson Township near New Germantown in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 60-foot-long (18 m) King post bridge constructed in 1918. It crosses Sherman Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Museum Maluku also known by the abbreviation MuMa was a museum dedicated to the Maluku Islands and the Moluccans community living in the Netherlands. Museum Maluku was located in the city of Utrecht.Unfortunately due to inadequate financial means Museum Maluku had to close its doors. Part of its collections found a home at other museums and institutes.
 The Canada Science and Technology Museum (French: Musée des sciences et de la technologie du Canada) is located in Ottawa Ontario on St. Laurent Boulevard to the south of the Queensway (Highway 417).
 Temple Israel is the oldest synagogue in Columbus Ohio and a founding member of the Union for Reform Judaism. Formed as early as 1846 as the Orthodox Bene Jeshurun congregation its first religious leader was Simon Lazarus a clothing merchant who founded what would become Lazarus department stores.Differences between traditionalists and reformers led to a split in 1868 and re-merger in 1870 as the Reform B'nai Israel (later Temple Israel).
 Indian Village is a historic affluent neighborhood located on Detroit's east side bound to the north and south by Mack Avenue and East Jefferson Avenue respectively along the streets of Burns Iroquois and Seminole. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Harry and Penelope Seidler House was the home of architects Penelope and Harry Seidler. It is located in Kalang Avenue Killara on Sydney's North Shore and was designed by Harry and Penelope Seidler. It is listed on the NSW State Heritage Register.
 Christ Church Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Diocese of Fredericton. It is located in Fredericton New Brunswick. Construction on the cathedral began in 1845. It was consecrated in 1853. The Gothic Revival cathedral is modelled after St. Mary's Church Snettisham Norfolk.
 The Cittie of Yorke is a grade II listed public house on London's High Holborn and is listed in CAMRA's national inventory of historic pub interiors.Although the current building is a rebuilding of the 1920s the buildings on this site have been pubs since 1430. Some features include the Henekey's long bar located in the grand hall-like back room a late-Georgian or Regency era triangular metal stove and Victorian-style cubicles.
 The Northern Wisconsin Co-op Tobacco Pool Warehouse or Bekkedal Leaf Tobacco Warehouse is located at 504 East Decker Street Viroqua Vernon County Wisconsin. It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 2003.
 Scottdale Historic District is a national historic district located at Scottdale Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 242 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Scottdale. They were built between about 1853 and 1950 and includes a mix of residential commercial institutional and industrial properties.
 The Church of Saint Joan of Arc' (French: L'église Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc) is a religious building in the city center of Rouen northern France.The church of Saint Joan of Arc was completed in 1979 in the center of the ancient market square (in French the Place du Vieux-Marché) in Rouen. This is the same location where Joan of Arc was burned alive for heresy in 1431 - a large cross outside the church marks the exact spot.
 The Union Arch Bridge also called the Cabin John Bridge is a historic masonry structure in Cabin John Maryland. It was designed as part of the Washington Aqueduct and as a roadway bridge. The bridge construction began in 1857 and was completed in 1864. The roadway surface was added later. The bridge was designed by Alfred Landon Rives and built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers under the direction of Lieutenant Montgomery C. Meigs.
 Madison Masonic Lodge is the name of a Masonic lodge group and also of its historic building. The building also known as the Old Main Street Church is located in Madison Morris County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1824 as the Presbyterian Church of Chatham Township and was purchased by Madison Lodge #93 in 1930. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 17 2008.
 Good Earth was a health food restaurant chain founded in Reno Nevada by William Galt and Jim Tasley that existed in the US in the 1970s. It was purchased by General Mills in 1980 which converted most of the restaurants into other chain restaurants they were operating such as Red Lobster and Olive Garden. Most of the restaurants were located in California.
 Christ Church Sandown is a parish church in the Church of England located in Sandown Isle of Wight.
 The Main Street Historic District is a historic district at 175-299 and 228-274 Main Street in Webster Massachusetts.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The former Fifth Church of Christ Scientist located at 3515 South Alaska Street (corner of 36th Avenue South) in the Columbia City neighborhood in the Rainier Valley area of Seattle Washington is an historic Christian Science church edifice whose original entrance was on 36th Avenue. South. Built in 1921. was designed by Earl A. Roberts in the Greek Revival and Neo-Palladian styles.
 Komagfjord Church (Norwegian: Komagfjord kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Komagfjord. The church is part of the Talvik parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The brown wooden church was built in 1959-1960 and it was consecrated on 10 April 1960.
 Philipse Manor Hall State Historic Site is a historic house museum located in the Getty Square neighborhood of Yonkers New York. It is Westchester County’s oldest standing building and is currently owned and operated by the New York State Office of Parks Recreation and Historic Preservation.It is located at Warburton Avenue and Dock Street.
 Iglesia de San Pedro (Alles) is a historic church in Asturias Spain established in 1787.
 The Frank G. Bloom House or Bloom Mansion is located in Trinidad Colorado USA which is within Las Animas County. The Bloom Mansion is a late 19th-century building meant to serve as the personal residence of its owner. The mansion is located in Trinidad's 300 block of Main Street and has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970.
 Elks Athletic Club also known as YMCA in Louisville Kentucky was built in 1924. It was designed by Joseph & Joseph in Classical Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Jennings-Salter House also known as the Michael Salter House is a historic house located in Lancaster Kentucky. Currently the property houses the Garrard County Historical Society. The house was placed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Dominion Public Building is an Art Deco-style office building located in Halifax Nova Scotia. Completed in 1936 it served as the central post office for the City of Halifax and housed various other government offices.A four story addition using similar materials was added to the north of the original building in 1962. In the early 1990s Canada Post transferred the building to Public Works Canada.
 Twin Trees Farm is a historic home located at Richboro Northampton Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The first section was built about 1740-1760 and is a 1 1/2-story one room rubble brownstone structure with an attic above. The larger section was built in 1779 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay cut brownstone house in the Georgian style. The rear side is built of rubble fieldstone.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 William Rowen School is a historic school building located in the West Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1937-1938. It is a two-story five bay brick building in a Georgian Revival / Moderne-style. It features a large stone entrance and truncated steeple.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St Peters (grid reference ST570686) is a church in Bishopsworth Bristol England.It was built in 1842 by SC Fripp.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.The churchyard contains war graves of four soldiers an airman and Royal Navy sailor of World War II.
 Taganrog military museum is the first private museum in Taganrog.
 Assembly of God in Colombia is a Pentecostal church in Colombia which is associated with the Assembly of God.
 The George Copeland House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Fort Christina (later renamed Fort Altena; Swedish: Fort Kristina) was the first Swedish settlement in North America and the principal settlement of the New Sweden colony. Built in 1638 and named after Queen Christina of Sweden it was located approximately 1 mi (1.6 km) east of the present downtown Wilmington Delaware at the confluence of the Brandywine Creek and the Christina River approximately 2 mi (3 km) upstream from the mouth of the Christina on the Delaware River.
 The Boston Young Men's Christian Association (also known as YMCA of Greater Boston) was founded in 1851 in Boston Massachusetts as the first American chapter of the YMCA.
 The United States Customhouse is a historic custom house located at Houston in Harris County Texas.
 Sarum is a historic home located at Newport Charles County Maryland. The house is believed to have been built originally about 1680 as a 1 1⁄2-story frame structure with a two-story porch tower. About 1700 a one-story frame extension was added then about 1730 the ends were extended and new walls of brick were constructed. This extension gave the house its present dimensions. Sarum was patented to John Pile in 1662 and remained in the ownership of the Pile family until 1836.
 The Nathan Lester House is a farmstead house built in 1793. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It is located in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard Connecticut.The farmhouse outbuildings and farm museum with tools are owned by the Town of Ledyard and are open to the public in the summer. The site includes 100 acres (0.40 km2) with trails.
 The William J. Gregory House is a home located in Westminster Colorado United States. It was built in 1910 as one of the earliest homes in the original townsite
 Dive! was a 300-seat restaurant located in the Marketplace food court of the Century City Shopping Center Beverly Hills CA. Owned and operated by director Steven Spielberg Dive! opened in May 1994 and was a popular hangout of celebrities until it closed in January 1999.
 The Norfolk Hotel (currently branded as the Mercure Brighton Seafront Hotel and previously as the Ramada Jarvis Hotel Brighton and other names) is a 4-star hotel in the seaside resort of Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Designed in 1865 by architect Horatio Nelson Goulty it replaced an earlier building called the Norfolk Inn and is one of several large Victorian hotels along the seafront. The French Renaissance Revival-style building recalling E.M.
 The First National Bank Building is a historic structure located at the corner of Main and College Streets in Paintsville Kentucky. The bank opened on May 5 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 26 1989.
 St Paul's and St George's Church (known colloquially as Ps and Gs) is a church of the Scottish Episcopal Church in central Edinburgh Scotland. It is located on York Place in the east end of Edinburgh's New Town and is protected as a category A listed building.The building was erected as St Paul's Church replacing a chapel in the Cowgate. It was designed by Archibald Elliot between 1816 and 1818 and was extended by Peddie and Kinnear in the 1890s.
 Theodore L. Marvel House is a historic house located at 188 Berkley Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1883 in a shingle style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The irregularly-shaped house features a hipped gable roof and varied wall surface of fieldstone and shingles.
 Rock Lawn is a historic house in Garrison New York United States. It was built in the mid-19th century from a design by architect Richard Upjohn. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with its carriage house designed by Stanford White and built around 1880.It is Upjohn's only house in the Italian villa style in the Hudson Highlands.
 The Northern Club has over 1900 members drawn from Auckland's professional and business community. The Club Buildings are ranked Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust
 Holy Trinity Church Everton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Everton Nottinghamshire.
 Foxhill House is a Gothic revival style building on what is now the Whiteknights campus of the University of Reading at Earley adjoining the English town of Reading. It currently houses the University's School of Law.The house was originally built in 1868 by the famous architect Alfred Waterhouse and used as his own residence until in the early 1870s he moved into an even grander property Yattendon Court which he had built in 1867.
 Tallman-Vanderbeck House is located in Closter Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1778 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Swansea Civic Centre (Welsh: Canolfan Ddinesig Abertawe) – formerly known as County Hall – is the City and County of Swansea's principal administrative centre. Standing some 800 m southwest of the city's historical centre on a seafront site overlooking Swansea Bay the modern complex houses – in addition to the council chamber and offices – a public cafe the city's central library an exhibition space the West Glamorgan Archive Service and a council contact centre.
 Thule Site J (J-Site) is a USAF radar station in Greenland near Thule Air Base for missile warning and spacecraft tracking. The northernmost station of the Solid State Phased Array Radar System the military installation was built as the 1st site of the RCA 474L Ballistic Missile Early Warning System and had 5 of 12 BMEWS radars.
 Luna Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Charleston Kanawha County West Virginia. It encompasses 444 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Charleston. The majority of the homes in the district were constructed in the mid to late 1925s and early 1930s and a portion of the district was the location of a local amusement park.
 Marina Towers project is a residential complex in Beirut Central District Lebanon.
 Trinity Church Cemetery consists of three separate burial grounds associated with Trinity Church in Manhattan New York USA. The first was established in the Churchyard located at 74 Trinity Place at Wall Street and Broadway.
 The Allegany County Courthouse is the Maryland Circuit court for Allegany County Maryland United States. It is located in Cumberland's Washington Street Historic District. Although many church spires dot the Cumberland landscape it is the Allegany County Courthouse that dominates this city's skyline. The building is prominently sited along Washington Street which rises sharply from Wills Creek running through the heart of Cumberland.
 Santa Maria la Rossa is an ancient church in Milan Italy.Excavations at the site suggest a structure was present at the site since the early Roman Imperial era. Evidence shows that reconstructions occurred in the first centuries of the common era. However the first historical references to a basilica church of Santa Maria ad Fonticulum or Santa Maria di Fonteggio at this site date to the 10th century. In the 12th century a monastery of Benedictine nuns was attached.
 The Hillsboro High School in Hillsboro New Mexico is a historic Mission/Spanish Revival-style school building that was built in 1922. It was designed by El Paso-based architects Trost and Trost.Located on the southeast corner of Elenora St. and First Ave. it has also been known as Sierra County High School and as Hillsboro Community Center and it has been designated SR 1304.
 Berden Hall is a Grade II* listed Elizabethan country house in Berden Uttlesford Essex. The house was built in the 1580s. As of 2012 the house was on the market for £3.5 million.
 Marmont Priory was a priory for Gilbertine Canons in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in the 12th century and was dissolved in 1538. Skeletal remains have been found at Marmont.
 Santiago Apóstol (St. James Apostle) Parish Ruins is a Costa Rican Cultural Heritage Site located in the city of Cartago Costa Rica.
 The George Gale House is a historic house at 15 Elizabeth Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built 1848-49 by Joel Flagg who occupied until his death in 1854. The house is an excellent modest side-hall plan Greek Revival structure with a columned porch wrapping around two sides and a pedimented gable end. The only significant later addition to its original construction is a small shed dormer.
 Baptist Temple is a historic Baptist church at 360 Schermerhorn Street in Brooklyn New York. It was built in 1893-1894 in the Romanesque Revival style and rebuilt after a fire in 1917-1918. It has a brownstone base and superstructure faced with subtly textured brick with brownstone trim.
 Baxter House is a historic home located near Edom Rockingham County Virginia. The house dates to about 1775 and is a single pile double-pen dwelling consisting of two abuted two-bay two-story log structures set on limestone foundation. It was built by Scottish settler George Baxter whose son George A. Baxter served as president of Washington and Lee University from 1799 to 1829.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The American Airpower Museum is an aviation museum located on the former site of Republic Aviation at Republic Airport in East Farmingdale New York. It maintains a collection of aviation artifacts and an array of aircraft spanning the many years of the aircraft factory's history. The museum is one of relatively few worldwide that actually flies historic aircraft. It operates an original Republic P-47D fighter among others in its airworthy fleet.
 The Millennium Building is a Building located in downtown Missoula Montana. It is reported as the tallest building in Missoula but the same source also lists Aber Hall and Jesse Hall in Missoula as taller. At 9 floors the building has the most floors in downtown Missoula. Its technical height is 128 feet tall.
 Barsebäck Castle (Swedish: Barsebäck slott) is a castle in the village of Barsebäck Kävlinge Municipality close to the shore of Öresund in Scania southern Sweden. It has existed in various versions at its present location since the 12th century but only received its current shape during a major renovations and rebuildings in 1889 and 1940.
 Located at 315 Avenue A the Old Fort Pierce City Hall (also known as the Old City Hall) is a historic building in downtown Fort Pierce Florida. Designed with both Mediterranean Revival Style and Italian Renaissance Revival elements by architect William Hatcher the structure was built in 1925 at the peak of the Florida land boom by builder C.E. Cahow. The building was used as the Fort Pierce City Hall until 1983.
 The McKay is an Art Deco building in Indianapolis Indiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Rudolf Hotel in Valley City North Dakota United States is a three-story hotel building that was built in 1907. It was designed by John W. Ross in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Its significance recognized in the listing was for its association with Rudolph Giselius for its example of work by John W.
 Kosovo does not have an official religion. Like the rest of the country the majority of Pristina’s population consider themselves Muslim. Even though the majority of people are Muslim they only practice the religion to low standard. Therefore not many attend mosques or religious services to the frequency required by their faith. Many however do fast for Ramadan and praying is widely practiced.
 Union Meetinghouse (Ferrisburg-Vergennes Baptist Church) is a historic church on U.S. 7 in Ferrisburg Vermont.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Albany Crown Tower (or the Albany Tower) was a planned development on Aytoun and Auburn Streets in Manchester England. It would have fronted onto the Rochdale Canal not far from Piccadilly Station and been one of the tallest buildings in Manchester projected to cost £83 million. It was designed by Ian Simpson for Albany Crown.Planning permission was given in 2005 but construction has not commenced and the developer entered administration in May 2010.
 Hickory Grove is a historic home located near Romney Hampshire County West Virginia. It was built in 1849 and is a three-story red brick dwelling. It sits on a stone foundation and has a hipped standing-seam metal roof with four large brick chimneys. The fron t facade features a Greek Revival style trabeated entrance. The north section was built in 1892 and replaced and earlier log structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Grand Army of the Republic Hall is a historic clubhouse building located at Johnstown Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1893 and is a three-story brick building with a flat roof three bays by seven bays. The front facade features two carved stone insets with a cannon and crossed sword motif. It was built by the local chapter of the Grand Army of the Republic and later converted to offices.
 The Coral Gables Biltmore Hotel is a luxury hotel in Coral Gables Florida United States. It was designed by Schultze and Weaver and was built in 1926 by John McEntee Bowman and George Merrick as part of the Biltmore hotel chain.The Miami-Biltmore Hotel & Country Club was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1996. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years.
 Hedvig Eleonora Church (Swedish: Hedvig Eleonora kyrka) is a church in central Stockholm Sweden (in the east district of Östermalm). The church was consecrated in 1737 and is named after the Swedish Queen Hedvig Eleonora (1636-1715) wife of King Charles X of Sweden. Hedvig Eleonora Church is an octagonal church.The church is one of Stockholm's most popular for weddings christenings and funerals.
 The American Jewish Historical Society (AJHS) was founded in 1892 with the mission to foster awareness and appreciation of the American Jewish heritage and to serve as a national scholarly resource for research through the collection preservation and dissemination of materials relating to American Jewish history.
 Blairstown Historic District is located in Blairstown Warren County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16 2007. It includes the grist mill (pictured) originally built in 1825 that once served as town's library and is not part of Blair Academy.
 White House Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Peters Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The L-shaped building consists of two parts: a two-story five-bay stuccoed stone section built between 1804 and 1807 and a 1 1/2-story rear stone section dated to the fourth quarter of the 18th century. Its architecture is representative of a transitional Georgian / Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Archie Teater Studio also known as Teater's Knoll is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home and art studio that was constructed in Bliss Idaho in 1952. The client Archie Boyd Teater was an American landscape and genre artist. The Teater Studio uses Oakley Stone in both the exterior and interior of the building. Lynn Fawcett who grew up in the Wright designed Randall Fawcett House and her husband Henry Whiting II (an architectural writer) live in the Archie Teater Studio.
 The State Bank of Wisconsin is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Boyd Mill Ruins is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was built in the early 19th century powered by the West Harpeth River. The mill was used to produce flour and corn mill for area farmers for more than 50 years. It was one of about a dozen water-powered mills in the county in the 19th century. Around 1900 the mill ceased operation and was left to fall into ruins.
 Heide Museum of Modern Art or Heide as it is affectionately known is a modern and contemporary art museum located in Bulleen east of Melbourne Australia.
 Peace Lutheran Church is a former LCMS (Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod) church in Friedenberg Missouri.
 Western Fields is a historic home located at Hebron Wicomico County Maryland United States. It is a Greek Revival-style three-part frame telescope dwelling started about 1790 and expanded in the mid-19th century. The main block was constructed in 1845. The property also includes an early-20th century frame tenant house and corn crib and a small family cemetery. In 1997 the Maple Leaf Farm Potato House was moved to Western Fields.
 The Mount Hanley Schoolhouse Museum is a community museum located in a historic one-room school in Mount Hanley Annapolis County Nova Scotia. The Museum focuses on the history of Mount Hanley and surrounding communities as well as rural school life and the famous mariner Joshua Slocum who attended the school in the 1850s.
 Maaemo is a Norwegian Restaurant located in Schweigaards gate in Oslo Norway. In March 2012 it was awarded two stars in the Michelin Guide the first time a Nordic restaurant has been awarded two stars in its first mention in the guide. Maaemo focuses on local food. The kitchen is run by Esben Holmboe Bang.
 Hyde Park Dutch Reformed Church is located on US 9 in the center of Hyde Park New York United States just north of the post office and the junction with Market Street at the center of town. It is a complex of several buildings on a 2-acre (0.81 ha) lot.The congregation traces its roots to a union church established in the community in 1789. It was formally organized within the Dutch Reformed Church three years later. The main church building was constructed in 1826 in the Federal style.
 The Henry Draper Observatory also known as Draper Cottage is located on US 9 in Hastings-on-Hudson New York USA. Henry Draper 1837-1882 created an observatory on the estate of his father John William Draper. It was here that he made astrophotography history taking some of the earliest photographs of the Moon to include identifiable features through a telescope in 1863.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 The Church of the Epiphany is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Archidiocese of New York located at 373 Second Avenue at the corner of East 22nd Street in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.The parish was established in 1868 and their first church designed by Napoleon LeBrun and built in 1869–70 was dedicated on April 3 1870.
 Richmond Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Lichfield Gardens Richmond London. The synagogue building designed by Stern Thom Fehler Architects was opened on 9 March 1987 by Chief Rabbi Sir Immanuel Jakobovits and Rabbi Moshe Barron. The synagogue operates a day centre for Jewish people over 60.Rabbi Jonathan Hughes became the synagogue's rabbi in November 2013.
 The Henry J. Wheeler Farm is one of the few remaining late 19th century farmsteads in the Salt Lake Valley that have not been lost to expanding housing developments of metropolitan Salt Lake City. Listed on the National Register of Historical Places since 1976 it is situated on 75 acres (300000 m2) in Murray Utah. The historic complex includes an adobe and brick home and several outbuildings all constructed in 1898.
 St. Peter's Church Clayworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Clayworth Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Masonic Temple in Winona Minnesota United States is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Ker-Feal built in 1775 is a historic fieldstone dwelling located in West Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 7 2003.The property was purchased by Albert C. Barnes and his wife Laura in 1940 and expanded with two additions. The name Ker-Feal means Fidèle's House in Breton and was named after Barnes' favorite dog Fidèle de Port Manech. The property is now owned by the Barnes Foundation.
 The William Claussen House was an historic residence located in the West End of Davenport Iowa. The Greek Revival style house was built in 1855 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. It has subsequently been torn down and replaced by a single-story house.
 The Nalut Dinosaur Museum is a museum collection located in Nalut Libya. The fossils which date from the Cretaceous period were discovered by Libyan archeologists and joint Libyan–American archaeological expeditions. The collection is housed in a wing of the Red Crescent building in Nalut.
 HM Prison Glen Parva is a male juvenile's prison and Young Offenders Institution located in Glen Parva Leicestershire England. Glen Parva is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Cleveland Buddhist Temple is a Pure Land (Jodo Shinshu) and Zen Buddhist center in Euclid Ohio. It traces its beginnings to 1944 and is at its current location since 1970. The current supervising minister of the temple is Ron Miyamura.
 Parquesur is a shopping mall and entertainment center of the city of Leganés in Spain 7 kilometers from the capital Madrid. It has a hotel a cybernetic fountain (unique in Europe) as well as a cinema with the IMAX sistem. Is the second biggest shopping mall of Spain and one of the biggest shopping mall of Europe.
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church in Ottawa Ontario was established in 1910 with 66 members. The first building was erected on Lyon Street and dedicated on Easter Sunday in 1914. The early members were predominantly of European origin whether residents of Ottawa recent immigrants or arrivals from neighbouring towns and rural communities.After many years of financial hardship the congregation gradually increased and outgrew its church building.
 Goler Metropolitan AME Zion Church (East Fourth Street Baptist Church) is a historic church at 1435 E. Fourth Street in Winston-Salem North Carolina.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Clarence Sondern House is a historic residence located at 3600 Belleview Ave in the Roanoke neighborhood of Kansas City Missouri.
 The Lincoln Building in Champaign Illinois is one of at least five buildings named Lincoln Building in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The New York Hotel is a historic hotel in Fruitland Park Mississippi. Constructed in 1914 the building is a 1½ story 12 bedroom shingle-style structure containing 3600 square feet (334 square meters). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Brabson's Ferry Plantation is a Pioneer Century farm and former antebellum plantation near the U.S. city of Sevierville Tennessee. Located at what was once a strategic crossing of the French Broad River by 1860 the plantation had become one of the largest in East Tennessee and one of the few in the region that rivalled the large plantations of the Deep South in size and influence.
 Old St. Raymond's Church is a historic church in Dublin California. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 12 2006.The oldest extant Catholic church in Alameda and Contra Costa counties it was built in 1859 and dedicated in 1860. The structure was erected on the northeast corner of 4 acres (0.016 km2) of land donated by Michael Murray and Jeremiah Fallon that also served as the site of the historic Old Murray Schoolhouse and Dublin Pioneer Cemetery.
 Gessler Clinic P.A. is one of two large outpatient clinic systems based in Winter Haven Florida. The other is Bond Clinic P.A.. Gessler has six locations all in Winter Haven. Residents of other area communities visit Gessler.
 Manitoba Electrical Museum and Education Centre is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba dedicated to the electrical history of Manitoba. It is a volunteer organization run by retired members of Manitoba Hydro. The museum is housed in a converted electrical substation building. The museum is free to the public open 1 - 4 Monday to Thursday and by appointment.
 Gutenberg Castle (German Burg Gutenberg) is a preserved castle in the town of Balzers Liechtenstein the centre of the municipality of Balzers. Gutenberg is one of the five castles of the principality and one of two that have survived preserved until the present day. Unlike Vaduz Castle in Vaduz Gutenberg Castle doesn't serve as a residence of the princely family of Liechtenstein and is open to the general public as a museum.
 Zion Lutheran Church and Graveyard is a historic church on Rosanna Street in Hummelstown Pennsylvania.It was built in 1815 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 HM Prison Garth is a Category B men's prison located in the village of Ulnes Walton (near Leyland) in Lancashire England. Garth is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is situated next to HMP Wymott.
 The Pass Creek Snowshoe Cabin built in 1938 in Glacier National Park is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as a shelter usually 8–12 miles apart for patrolling backcountry rangers.The Pass Creek shelter was originally built by trail crews on their own initiative as a more permanent and bear-proof accommodation than tents which had been repeatedly raided. The cabin is therefore slightly larger and taller than the Park Service-standard cabins.
 The Royal Oldham Hospital is a NHS hospital in Oldham Greater Manchester England. It forms part of Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust and was opened with its present name on 1 December 1989. Its services are commissioned by NHS Oldham. Formerly known as Oldham District and General the hospital lies within the Coldhurst area of Oldham on the boundary with Royton.
 Yale–New Haven Hospital (abbreviated YNHH) is a hospital located in New Haven Connecticut. It is owned and operated by the Yale New Haven Health System Inc. YNHH includes the 168-bed Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale-New Haven the 201-bed Yale-New Haven Children's Hospital and the 76-bed Yale-New Haven Psychiatric Hospital making it one of the largest hospitals in the world and the largest in New England.
 The Barnstable County Jail and House of Correction is the former county jail for Barnstable County. It was opened in the 1930s as a replacement for the second Barnstable Jail which was constructed in 1821 itself a replacement for the Old Jail the oldest wooden jail in America. During the 1990s the prison became overcrowded as Cape Cod's population increased during the housing boom.
 The Selborne Graving Dock is a dry dock in Simon's Town South Africa. It is situated in the South African Navy Dockyard in the Simon's Town Naval Base.
 M. Baylis House is a historic home located at Melville in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay dwelling with a saltbox profile.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Llangollen Motor Museum is a small museum and autojumble source near Llangollen Wales.
 The Burbach Block is a historic commercial and retail block at 1113–1115 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1882 for Gerard Burbach proprietor of an adjacent hotel which was demolished in 1915 as part of a road widening project. It may have acted as an annex for the hotel in its early years; in the 20th century it has seen a number of uses including furniture store dry goods dealer and restaurant.
 The North Okkalapa General Hospital is an affiliated teaching hospital of the University of Medicine 2 Yangon located in North Okkalapa Township in the eastern part of Yangon Burma.
 South Norwood Library is a public library in South Norwood South London. It stands in the London Borough of Croydon and is part of the Croydon Libraries arm of the council. It is next to the High street on Selhurst Road / Lawrence Road and is also close to South Norwood Recreation Ground. The library like many other Croydon libraries is based on more than one level.
 The National Museum of Korea is the flagship museum of Korean history and art in South Korea and is the cultural organization that represents Korea.
 Hagnaby Abbey was an abbey and former priory in Hagnaby Lincolnshire England. Originally founded as a house for Premonstratensian canons around 1175 by Agnes widow of Herbert de Orreby the priory was a dependency of Welbeck Abbey and named in honour of Saint Thomas the Martyr.It achieved its independence and abbey status in 1250 and appears from surviving records to have been well run. It was suppressed in 1536 its last abbot being Edmund Toft. It is an ancient scheduled monument.
 The Château de Villiers-le-Mahieu is a modernised castle in the commune of Villiers-le-Mahieu in the Yvelines département of France. It was built in the 13th century and was extensivley remodelled in the 17th. It is now in use as a hotel.
 The Goodrich Memorial Library is a public library in Newport Orleans County Vermont. It is the largest and only one of two full time libraries in the county.
 The Parque Central Complex is a housing commercial and cultural development implemented by Centro Simón Bolívar and located in the area known as El Conde in the center of the city of Caracas Venezuela adjacent to Paseo Vargas.Within the complex are the Twin Towers of Parque Central which are two skyscrapers that for decades have become Caracas' architectural icon.
 The Bank of America Building is a highrise located in downtown Midland Texas. Built in 1978 at 24 stories and 332 feet (101 m) it is the tallest building in the city. The building is located at 303 W. Wall St. and houses various oil and gas companies as well as Bank of America Midland.
 Herman B. VanPeyma House is a historic home located at Lancaster in Erie County New York. It a locally significant distinct example of the eclectic architecture featuring the Queen Anne style built circa 1890. It was built for Herman Boetkhout VanPeyma an early Dutch immigrant to the Town of Lancaster.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Norton Healthcare is one of Kentucky's largest healthcare system with more than 40 locations in and around Louisville Kentucky. For 128 years Norton Healthcare’s faith heritage has guided its mission to provide quality health care to all those it serves. Today Norton Healthcare is a leader in serving adult and pediatric patients throughout Greater Louisville Southern Indiana the commonwealth of Kentucky and beyond.
 Civil War Drill Hall and Armory is located in Leonia Bergen County New Jersey United States. The armory was built in 1859 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 19 1978.
 The Forest History Center is one of 26 sites run by the Minnesota Historical Society. Located in Grand Rapids Minnesota the center focuses on displaying the historical and cultural impact that Minnesota's forests have had on people and the community. Historically logging was a large economic driver presently there is a large use of Minnesota forests for recreational purposes.
 The Independence Seaport Museum (formerly the Philadelphia Maritime Museum) is a museum dedicated to the maritime history of Philadelphia Pennsylvania and the Delaware Valley. It is located in the Penn's Landing complex along the Delaware River in Philadelphia. The museum was founded in 1961 by J. Welles Henderson and has dozens of exhibits including the warship USS Olympia and the submarine USS Becuna.
 Nativity of Holy Theotokos Church is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Afognak Alaska. The present church is the third Russian Orthodox church built in Afognak and replaced the second which had been built in the late 1800s. It was built during 1901-1905.
 Huis Bergh is a castle in 's-Heerenberg and is one of the largest castles in the Netherlands. It gives its name to the Land van den Bergh and was previously owned by the counts van Bergh.
 The Luton and Dunstable University Hospital is an acute hospital run by the NHS in Bedfordshire. The hospital is an NHS Foundation Trust providing medical and surgical services for over 350000 people in Bedfordshire the north of Hertfordshire and parts of Buckinghamshire. The hospital is often abbreviated to the 'L&D' and employs 3400 staff.
 Nikortsminda Cathedral (Georgian: ნიკორწმინდის ტაძარი) is a Georgian Orthodox Church located in Nikortsminda Racha region of Georgia.Nikortsminda was built in 1010-1014 during the reign of Bagrat III of Georgia and was repaired in 1634 by the King Bagrat III of Imereti. Three-storied bell-tower next to the Cathedral was built in the second half of the 19th century.
 The James H. and Cynthia Koontz House also known as Koontz House is an Italianate house in Echo Oregon that was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was a home of the Koontz family a founding family of Echo.
 The Benicia Arsenal (1851–1964) and Benicia Barracks (1852–66) were part of a large military reservation located next to Suisun Bay in Benicia California. For over 100 years the arsenal was the primary US Army Ordnance facility for the West Coast of the United States.In 1847 a 252-acre (102 ha) parcel of land adjoining the Benicia city limits on the east was acquired for a military reserve.
 Christ Church Hampstead is a Church of England church in Hampstead London. It is the original church of Hampstead and the Heath.
 The Textile Museum of Canada located Toronto Ontario Canada is the first Canadian museum dedicated to the collection exhibition and documentation of textiles. The museum was founded in 1975 by Max Allen and Simon Waegemaekers.The Museum of Costume and Textile of Quebec (MCTQ) in Montreal which had formerly been known as Marsil Museum redefined its focus in 1993 primarily on the fields of costume textiles and fibre.
 The Adams-Fairview Bonanza Farm near Wahpeton North Dakota is a bonanza farm that was developed in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Spring Grove Farm and Distillery is a historic farm complex and distillery site located at Antrim Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania USA. The house was built in 1867 and is a two-story T-shaped brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style.
 First Christian Church Parsonage is a historic church parsonage at 608 N. Penelope Street in Belton Texas.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 BurritoVille is a New York City-based quick-service food chain serving Tex-Mex cuisine established in 1992. Until 2008 there were 16 locations in Manhattan one in Westbury New York on Long Island and one in Hoboken NJ. The menu items consist mostly of various types of burritos and tacos as well as salads and nachos. Many of the items are vegetarian. Each restaurant delivers in the surrounding area while dine-in patrons have access to free unlimited chips and salsa.
 The Cláudio Santoro National Theater (Teatro Nacional Cláudio Santoro) is a multi-theater building in Brasília Brazil. It was designed by Oscar Niemeyer in the Modern architectural style. Construction began on July 30 1960 and the building was completed in 1966. Built in the shape of a truncated pyramid it is the largest building in Brasilia designed by Niemeyer specifically for the arts. The building was closed for renovation in 1976 and was reopened on April 21 1981.
 Crown Las Vegas formerly known as the Las Vegas Tower was a proposed supertall skyscraper that would have been built on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester Nevada an unincorporated suburban community of Las Vegas. If built the tower would have been 1064 feet (324 m) tall making it the tallest building in the Las Vegas Valley and the 2nd-tallest structure in the Las Vegas Valley and in the state of Nevada after the Stratosphere Tower.
 The Willakenzie Grange Hall in Eugene Oregon was built in 1913. It served as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Imam Mahdi Mosque is a Mosque located in Kuwait City the capital of Kuwait. It was built in 1995.
 The Polk Museum of Art is a nationally accredited art museum in Lakeland Florida. It is a member of the Florida Association of Museums and is ranked among the top art museums in the state of Florida.It was originally established by the Junior Welfare League in 1966 and called the Imperial Youth Museum. The museum was renamed Polk Public Museum in 1969 as part of its expanded focus on art history and science.
 South Harwich Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building on 270 Chatham Road in South Harwich Massachusetts USA.The church was built in 1836 in a Greek Revival/Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sacred Kaatan is a Polish Roman Catholic church in Râşcov northern Transnistria which has recently undergone extensive renovation and which the PMR government considers a historical heritage location. The church was built in 16th century when northern Transnistria was a part of the Crown of the Polish Kingdom.
 Nativity of Mary Blessed Virgin Catholic Church is a historic church located at 2833 Farm to Market Road 2672 in High Hill Texas. The church which was built in 1906 was designed by prominent Texas church architect Leo M.J. Dielmann. Dielmann designed the red brick church in the Gothic Revival style. The interior of the church was painted by Ferdinand Stockert and Hermann Kern in 1912.
 Waypoint Centre for Mental Health Care (French: Waypoint Centre de soins de santé mentale) formerly known as Mental Health Centre Penetanguishene is a 301-bed psychiatric hospital located on Georgian Bay in the Town of Penetanguishene approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of Toronto. Waypoint provides both acute and longer-term psychiatric inpatient and outpatient services to Simcoe County Dufferin County and Muskoka/Parry Sound.
 The Opa-locka Seaboard Air Line Railway Station also known as the Opa-locka railroad station is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Opa-locka Florida. It is located at 490 Ali Baba Avenue. Constructed in 1927 the station house is typical of the Moorish Revival architecture prevalent throughout the city of Opa-locka. On June 25 1987 it was added to the U.S.
 The Atlantic is a mixed-use residential skyscraper in the Atlantic Station neighborhood of Atlanta Georgia. At 577 ft (176 m) tall it is the thirteenth-tallest building in Atlanta. Located at the southeastern corner of 17th Street NW and State Street NW The Atlantic is one of the core structures of the award-winning brownfield development.
 Hornell Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Hornell in Steuben County New York. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure built in 1894. It was designed by architect Isaac G. Perry. The three story main structure has a four story round corner tower. Attached to the main structure are an additional pair of two story corner towers.
 The Antique Furnishings & Wooden Sculpture Museum of Milan is located on the first floor of the Sforza Castle ducal courtyard and it is part of the Sforza Castle's Civic Museum complex.The itinerary is chronologically arranged from the 14th century to the modern times with a particular attention for the Italian and lombardic furniture history.
 The Leventio Museum in Nicosia Cyprus is home to an extensive collection of Cypriot works include archaeological artifacts costumes photographs medieval pottery maps and engravings jewels and furniture.
 The Indiana University (IU) Health Proton Therapy Center formally known as the Midwest Proton Radiotherapy Institute (MPRI) is the first proton facility in the Midwest. The Center offers proton therapy in Bloomington Indiana United States located on the Indiana University campus. The IU Health Proton Therapy Center is the only proton therapy center in the U.S. to use a uniform-scanning beam for dose delivery which decreases undesirable neutron dose to patients.
 First Baptist Church of Deerfield is a historic Baptist church on Herkimer Road in Utica Oneida County New York. It is a wooden frame structure built in 1811 with vernacular Federal style details. The structure is four bays deep and features a square entrance tower attached to the facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Standon Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 The Koornmarktspoort is city gate in Kampen Overijssel the Netherlands. It was originally part of the city wall and is the oldest of the Kampen city gates.
 Boomerang is a historic home in the suburb of Elizabeth Bay in Sydney New South Wales Australia. Built in 1926 it lies on Billyard Avenue and has been ranked as one of the most expensive houses in Sydney.
 The Shaw Center for the Arts is a 125000 square foot (12000 m²) performing art venue fine arts museum and education center located at 100 Lafayette Street in downtown Baton Rouge Louisiana. It opened in 2005. The Center includes the Louisiana State University Museum of Art the LSU School of Art Gallery the 325-seat Manship Theatre classrooms a rooftop sushi restaurant and a park.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse-Prescott Main in Prescott Arizona was built in 1931. It was or is also known as Prescott Main Post Office and Courthouse and Prescott Main Post Office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is a Beaux Arts architecture building and is NRHP-listed for its architecture.The Post Office steps are made of porphyritic granite from Minnesota containing large 1-inch phenocrysts of orthoclase feldspar.
 The Dr. Frank R. Burroughs House located in Ritzville Washington is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ursuline Convent was a series of historic Ursuline convents in New Orleans Louisiana.
 Zincirli Madrasa (Медресе Ланцюгів Crimean Tatar: Zıncırlı medrese) is a madrasa built of stone by Meñli I Giray in 1500 near Bakhchisarai Crimea Ukraine.
 Dr. Gray's Hospital is the smallest District General Hospital in Scotland. It is in Elgin Moray and is part of NHS Grampian. It is also part of the Moray Community Health and Social Care Partnership (MCHSP).The hospital was founded as a result of a bequest by Dr Alexander Gray (d. 1807) who was born in Elgin but worked as a surgeon for the East India Company.
 The Charles Street Jail (built 1851) or Suffolk County Jail is a historic former jail (now a luxury hotel) located at 215 Charles Street Boston Massachusetts. It is listed in the state and national Registers of Historic Places.
 The Arabati Baba Teḱe is a tekke located in Tetovo Republic of Macedonia. The tekke was originally built in 1538 around the türbe of Sersem Ali Baba an Ottoman dervish. In 1799 a waqf provided by Rexhep Pasha established the current grounds of the tekke. The finest surviving Bektashi monastery in Europe the sprawling complex features flowered lawns prayer rooms dining halls lodgings and a great marble fountain inside a wooden pavilion.
 The Yale Parenting Center and Child Conduct Clinic is a non-profit clinic based at Yale University that offers cognitive behavior therapy for children and adolescents with behavioral disorders as well as Parent Management Training for families. The clinic is directed by Alan E. Kazdin Ph.D. John M. Musser Professor of Psychology and former President of the American Psychological Association.
 US Post Office-Middleburgh is a historic post office building located at Middleburgh in Schoharie County New York United States. It was designed and built 1939-1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is a one story five bay steel frame structure on a raised concrete foundation.
 The U.S. Post Office-Ansonia Main in Ansonia Connecticut was built in 1913. Also known as Ansonia Main Post Office it is in Classical Revival architecture and served historically as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Locate Creek Bridge located on N. Locate Rd. near Miles City Montana is a historic bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is significant as the oldest steel stringer bridge in the state of Montana.It was built in 1901 by Custer County.
 Old Friendship United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located in West Post Office Worcester County Maryland. It is a one-story gable-front frame building erected in 1866. It received improvements through the 1920s and reflects rural interpretations of the Italianate and Greek Revival styles. Surrounding the church is a small churchyard containing several hundred 19th and 20th century grave markers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Munson Valley Historic District is the headquarters and main support area for Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. The National Park Service chose Munson Valley for the park headquarters because of its central location within the park. Because of the unique rustic architecture of the Munson Valley buildings and the surrounding park landscape the area was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.
 The Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart or Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in the seaside resort of Bournemouth England. Located on Albert Road close to the town centre it was the first Roman Catholic church built in Bournemouth and is part of the Diocese of Portsmouth. It has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 Froan Chapel (Norwegian: Froan kapell) is a small church on the island of Sauøy in the Froan islands in Frøya Sør-Trøndelag Norway. The chapel was built in 1904 due to the long distance the residents had to travel to get to the Sletta Church. There are five worship services held at the chapel each year and beginning in 1906 confirmation was held here.
 The Millett Opera House is a historic building in downtown Austin Texas. Built in 1878 by local lumber seller Charles Millett on one of his lots the house was one of the largest performance spaces in Texas upon its completion. It featured 800 removable seats 24-inch limestone walls and the largest enclosed space in Texas.
 The Richmond Community Church is a historic church building on Fitzwilliam Road (New Hampshire Route 119) in Richmond New Hampshire USA. The brick Greek Revival structure was built in 1838 by a Unitarian congregation which sold a half interest in the building to the First Baptist Society before the building was completed. It is the earliest in a series of brick churches built at the time in New Hampshire in the Connecticut River valley.
 US Post Office—Attica is a historic post office building located at Attica in Wyoming County New York. It was designed and built in 1936-1937 as a Works Progress Administration project and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story brick structure on a stone watertable in the Colonial Revival style.
 The St. John's German Evangelical Lutheran Church near Lyons Nebraska was built in 1902. Also known as Deutsche Ev. Luth. St. Johannes Kirche it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included two contributing buildings and a contributing site.
 Old County Courthouse (also known as Plymouth Old County Courthouse or Old Town House) is an historic court house on Leyden Street and Market Street in Plymouth Massachusetts near Burial Hill and First Parish Church in Plymouth.The courthouse was built in 1749 and is allegedly the oldest wooden courthouse in America.
 Stone House is an historic house at 15-17 Plain Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1847 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 NOMA is a £800m 20 acre mixed-use redevelopment scheme in Manchester. It is the largest development project in the North West England ahead of developments such as MediaCityUK and Atlantic Gateway and overall is the largest development outside South East England.NOMA focuses on revitalising and opening the northern area of Manchester city centre which has not undergone the redevelopment seen in other central areas of the city.
 The Hugayat Tower (also known as Hokait Tower) is a skyscraper located in the city of Khobar Saudi Arabia. It is located on King Abdul Aziz Road in a growing business district. It is the tallest skyscraper in the Eastern Province Saudi Arabia. At 133 meters high it is a major commercial building in Khobar. It contains 36 floors including the basement levels. It was completed in 2007 and the total cost of the project was US$100 million.
 Mall of Montenegro is a shopping mall located in the Podgorica Montenegro.The mall is a complex featuring covered marketplace (Green Bazaar) a Ramada hotel and the shopping mall itself. The entire complex was built on the location of former open marketplace as a public–private partnership between Podgorica Municipality and Turkish company of Gintaş.
 St Andrew's Church is an Anglican church in Leyland Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Blackburn. The church is protected as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Tyrolean Museum Railways or Tiroler MuseumsBahnen (TMB) is a railway society in Austria whose aim is the preservation and/or documentation of the historically important branch lines (known as Localbahnen) and their rolling stock in the state of Tyrol.
 The National Emergency Services Museum is a museum in Sheffield England. Opened on 8 May 1984 as the Sheffield Fire and Police Museum it was given its present name on 1 January 2014. It is based at a former combined police and fire station (opened in 1900) at the junction of West Bar and Tenter Street near the city centre. A notable feature is the only remaining Fire Brigade observation tower in the UK.The collection covers law and order and social history.
 Easton Friends North Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Middle Falls in Washington County New York. It was built in 1838 and is a one story rectangular brick structure with a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Amanjiwo is a luxury hotel in the Menoreh Hills near Magelang Central Java Indonesia. It lies opposite the 9th century Buddhist sanctuary and UNESCO World Heritage Site Borobudur. It is operated by Aman Resorts and was opened in 1997. The name Amanjiwo means peaceful soul.
 The James Sparrow House is an excellent example of a Charleston single house in the late Federal style. It is named for a Charleston butcher who acquired the property at 65 Cannon St. in 1797. Several other butchers owned and lived in the house by 1825 when Christian David Happoldt bought the house. It remained in his family until 1907. It is a two and one-half story stuccoed brick house raised on a basement of the same material.
 The Alpha M. Cheney House is a historic house at 61 Chestnut Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was built in about 1885 for Alpha M. Cheney then one of the largest shareholders in American Optical Company one of Southbridge's largest employers.
 Evergreen on the Falls also known as the Snyder-Carroll House is a historic home overlooking the Jones Falls valley and located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick mansion in a rural version of the Victorian Italianate style. A serious fire in the early 1970s destroyed the furnishings and most of the interior. It was built about 1860 and was the home of the supervisor of the Mount Vernon Mills Albert H. Carroll.
 The George B. Swan House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival style residence was built in 1881. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Leez Priory is a 16th-century mansion near Chelmsford in Essex England. The civil parish boundary between Felsted and Great Waltham crosses the priory so that it partially lies in Felsted and partially in Great Waltham.
 Sweetland Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame residence with a gable roof and in the Federal style. Also on the property is a garage shed and chicken house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Lincoln Tomb in Oak Ridge Cemetery Springfield Illinois is the final resting place of the 16th President of the United States Abraham Lincoln his wife Mary Todd Lincoln and three of their four sons. This mausoleum is owned and administered by the State of Illinois as Lincoln Tomb State Historic Site. It was designated one of the first National Historic Landmarks in 1960 and thus became one of the first listed National Historic Places in 1966 when that designation was created.
 Readbourne is a historic home located at Centreville Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It is a five-part Georgian brick house: the center block was built in the early 1730s; the south wing in 1791; and the north wing in 1948. The central part of the house is the most significant being a T-shaped two-story brick building with a hip roof measuring 60 feet (18 m) by 23 feet 6 inches (7.16 m).
 Pine Bluff State Hospital was a tuberculosis sanatorium and isolation hospital in Salisbury Maryland in the United States. The hospital was built by The Pine Bluff Sanatorium Company. The hospital grounds contain three parcels the first is 0.46 acres (0.19 ha) the second is 1.534 acres (0.621 ha) and the third 8.35 acres (3.38 ha).When the hospital opened in 1912 it was a private institution managed by the Superintendent Edward Peyton Ritchings M.D..
 The Atlantic Institution is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the community of Renous New Brunswick.
 The Rachel Carson House is a typical suburban ranch-style house built in 1956 in Colesville Maryland for Rachel Carson. Carson wrote her classic work Silent Spring there in 1962. The house was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991.
 The Marion County Housing Committee Demonstration House on Wilson St. S. in Salem Oregon is a small house from c.1860 that was renovated extensively in 1934-1935. It has also been known as the William Beckett House named for the person believed to be the original owner in the 1860s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is a work of architects Clarence L. Smith and Frank S. Strubble.
 The Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum (HAUM) is an art museum in the German city of Braunschweig Lower Saxony.Founded in 1754 the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum is one of the oldest museums in Europe. It houses a collection of masters of Western art including Cranach Holbein Van Dyck Vermeer Rubens and Rembrandt. The museum is based on the Schloss Salzdahlum art collection of Anthony Ulrich Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1633–1714) after whom it is named.
 The Forum at 343 East 74th Street is a 25-story residential condop building located on the Upper East Side in New York City. The building's location midblock between First and Second Avenue on 74th Street makes the building visible from many parts of the Upper East Side. The building which was completed in 1986 was opened to residents in 1987 and comprises 148 apartment units ranging in size from studios to three-bedroom apartments.
 The Church of St Peter in West Huntspill Somerset England was established by 1208 rebuilt around 1400 and extended in the early to mid 15th century. It was gutted by fire in 1878 and restored over the next two years. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Before the Norman Conquest the Christian community at West Huntspill was given by Offa of Mercia to Glastonbury Abbey.
 St Mary the Virgin is a small parish church in Thurnham Kent. Begun in the 12th century it is a Grade I listed building.
 The St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Rectory is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church and its adjacent rectory located at 300 ( now 6849 ) Oak Street in Milton Florida. On May 6 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The rectory is also known as the McDougall House.In 1989 St. Mary's Episcopal Church was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.
 Q1 (abbreviation of Queensland Number One) is a skyscraper in Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast Queensland. It lost its title as the world's tallest residential tower to the 348 metre building The Marina Torch in Dubai on 29 April 2011. As of May 2012 it is the fifth tallest such building.
 US Post Office-Port Chester is a historic post office building located at Port Chester in Westchester County New York. It was designed by consulting architects Zoller and Muller for the Office of the Supervising Architect built in 1932-1933 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It is a one-story symmetrical building faced with brick and trimmed in limestone and granite in the Colonial Revival style.
 Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church in Hartland Wisconsin was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It started in the church building across the street in the 1860s. Later after a doctrinal dispute the church split half of it moving across town and the other half moving across the street and building the current facility. The old building was sold to another church body. The current pastor is the Reverend Steven Ristow.
 The Walker House in Garrison New York United States is located on Cat Rock Road (NY 403). It is a large Queen Anne style house. It was built in 1888 by railroad magnate Samuel Sloan whose own estate Oulagiskit (later renamed Lisburne Grange by his son) is nearby.
 All Saints Church Rotherham also known as Rotherham Minster stands in Church Street Rotherham South Yorkshire England. Pevsner describes it as one of the largest and stateliest churches in Yorkshire. On 19 October 1951 it was designated as a Grade I listed building.
 The 1895 Lowell Post Office is a historic post office building at 89 Appleton Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The imposing two-story granite building was completed in 1895 to a design by W. J. Edbrooke. The building has an H shape and has a profusion of typical Richardsonian Romanesque features included rounded arches over windows and a recessed entry.
 The Worland House was built in 1917 in Worland Wyoming for local businessman Charlie Worland and his wife Sadie. Worland was the son of C.H. Dad Worland the founder of the town of Worland and was a noted local entrepreneur.The house is a good example of the Bungalow style popular at the time. It was designed and built by local contractor H.C. Shirk. The house retains its architectural integrity and is the best example of its style in Worland.
 The Frank LaVerne Buck House located at 581 Pine Ave. in Pacific Grove California is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Also known as the Pacific Grove Inn it was built in 1904.It was the home of Frank LaVerne Buck (1849-1931) who was a businessman and city civic leader. The home is historically important as the only known surviving example of work of local architect Robert C.
 Saint Mary of Good Counsel Catholic Church is an active church building located at 305 Division Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 24 1983. It is also designated as a Michigan State Historic Site.The church served Adrian's first Roman Catholic congregation which was founded in 1852.
 Biratnagar Eye Hospital (or BEH) is an Eastern Regional Eye Care Programme (EREC-P) hospital located in Biratnagar Nepal. The hospital is a development of Sagarmatha Choudhary Eye Hospital (SCEH) Lahan. It was started in Biratnagar Nepal’s second largest city 130 km east of Lahan in September 2006.With its two eye hospitals (SCEH and BEH) along with its satellite clinics EREC-P provides eye services to the population in eastern Nepal and northern India.
 The Merton S. Goodnow House at 446 S. Main St. in Hutchinson Minnesota was built in 1913. It was designed by Purcell Feick & Elmslie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tōshō-ji (東勝寺) was the Hōjō clan's family temple (bodaiji) in Kamakura during the Kamakura period. Its founder was Taikō Gyōyū and it was constructed in 1237 by Hōjō Yasutoki in memory of his mother who had her tomb there. According to the Taiheiki from its foundation until the end of the Kamakura shogunate every regent (shikken) was buried there.
 Lady Washington Inn is a historic inn and tavern building located at Huntingdon Valley Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in three sections in 1761 about 1788-1785 and about 1850-1875. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone and frame building with a gable roof and frame rear addition.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Florin Mall was an indoor shopping mall located on Florin Road in the community of Florin in Sacramento California. The mall was torn down in 2006 to make way for Florin Towne Centre an outdoor shopping center.
 The Sheldon M. Chumir Centre is a health centre located in Calgary Alberta. The facility is administered by the Calgary Zone of Alberta Health Services. The centre provides 24/7 Urgent Care services but is not a full-service hospital and does not admit any patients for overnight stays.
 Masindi Hotel is a hotel in Masindi the district headquarters of Masindi District in western Uganda.
 The Annapolis Park Historic District is a historic district located along Julius Matthew Hanover Farnum Alan and Paul Streets in Westland Michigan covering 71 acres (290000 m2) and 351 buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 River City Marketplace (RCM) is a quasi-regional outdoor shopping mall in north Jacksonville Florida and the only one north of the St. Johns River. It opened its doors on November 17 2006 with three major anchor stores including Walmart Lowes and Hollywood Theatres. The fourth Gander Mountain opened ten months later.
 The Transmitter Solt (Hungarian: Solti rádióadó) is a transmission facility for 540 kHz MW (Medium Wave) near Solt Hungary. It is the most powerful medium wave radio transmitter in Europe and also the most powerful in the world (along with three Saudi trasmitters) with an output power of 2000 kW (2 MW).
 For other synagogues called Beth El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is an historic Moorish Revival synagogue located at 208 South 15th Street in Corsicana Texas. It became a Recorded Texas Historical Landmark in 1981.On February 3 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pocahontas Island Virginia is a peninsula located on the north side of the Appomattox River within the limits of what is now Petersburg Virginia. There is evidence of prehistoric Native American settlement dating from 6500 BC. The area is more recently notable as the first predominately free black settlement in the state and by mid-19th century one of the largest in the nation.
 The Ritz Plaza Hotel is a closed 12 floor/62 meter hotel in Miami Beach. It was the tallest building in the city for 30 years until it was surpassed by 5660 Condominiums. It is located in the Miami Beach Architectural District.
 Bantry House is a historic house with gardens in Bantry County Cork Ireland.
 Still Mind Zendo a Zen meditation center formed in 1994 is in the Soto lineage of the late Taizan Maezumi Roshi and the White Plum Asanga.
 First Church of Christ Scientist located at 102 West University Parkway across from the campus of Johns Hopkins University in the Tuscany-Canterbury neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland in the United States is an historic structure that on December 27 1982 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Austral Building is an English Queen Anne revival and vernacular Free Style building located at 115-119 Collins Street Melbourne Australia standing next to the Grand Hyatt Hotel. It was designed by Melbourne architect Nahum Barnet and was built in 1890 using red brick and concrete. The Austral Building is one of many Barnet’s works located within Melbourne.
 Providence Portland Medical Center located at 4805 NE Glisan St. in the North Tabor neighborhood of Portland Oregon is a full-service medical center specializing in cancer and cardiac care. Opened in 1941 the hospital is licensed for 483 beds and has over 3000 employees. There are approximately 1000 physicians on staff. The campus is also home to Providence Child Center a 58-bed facility dedicated exclusively to medically fragile children.
 Supalai Park Towers are 3 residential high-rise buildings located on Soi Phahonyothin 21 Chatuchak district Bangkok Thailand. The three towers have 33 floors and were all completed in 2003. Opposite Supalai Park Towers is the Elephant Building and next to the towers lies Index Living Mall.
 The American Library in New Delhi is a library under the supervision of the American Embassy situated in the commercial hub of New Delhi inside the American Center (the office of US government officials in India). Opened in 1951 the Library was established to promote understanding between the people of North India and the United States.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Norley stands to the west of the village of Norley Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Frodsham. Its benefice is combined with those of Christ Church Crowton and St John the Evangelist Kingsley.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady (French: Notre-Dame de Tournai Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouw van Doornik) is Roman Catholic church see of the Diocese of Tournai in Tournai Belgium. It has been classified both as a Wallonia's major heritage since 1936 and as a World Heritage Site since 2000.
 The Rosenbaum House is a single-family house designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built for Stanley and Mildred Rosenbaum in Florence Alabama. A noted example of his Usonian house concept it is the only Wright building in Alabama and is one of only 26 pre-World War II Usonian houses [1]. Wright scholar John Sergeant called it the purest example of the Usonian.
 Church San Germán de Auxerre is a Roman Catholic parish church located in San Germán Puerto Rico overlooking the main plaza of the town. Spanish settlers founded San Germán parish in 1510 and built the first permanent church in 1688. Puerto Ricans repaired and reconstructed the church between 1717 and 1739 after it had suffered earthquake damage. Between 1834 and 1897 new repairs were made to the building and in 1920 the tower was rebuilt after the 1918 earthquake.
 George Brinton House also known as Wawassan and Roundelay is a historic home located in Birmingham Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1830 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay double pile late Federal-style fieldstone dwelling with a gable roof. Also on the property are a contributing carriage barn with stables small carriage house and the ruins of a large stone bank barn.
 The William Livermore House is a historic First Period house at 271 Essex Street in Beverly Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story five bay colonial wood frame house that was built in stages. The oldest part of the house the right front was built c. 1700 along with the chimney. The left side was added early in the Second Period and a major addition was made to the rear adding another row of rooms and a new roof.
 Downtown Johnstown Historic District is a national historic district located at Johnstown in Cambria County Pennsylvania. The district includes 109 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Johnstown. The district includes some buildings dated before the Johnstown Flood but the majority date from 1890 to 1930.
 Casa Paoli (English: Paoli House) on 2648 Mayor Street barrio Cuarto Ponce Puerto Rico is nationally significant as the birthplace of Antonio Emilio Paoli y Marcano (1871–1946) a tenor who was the first Puerto Rican to reach international recognition in the performing arts and one of the most outstanding opera singers of all times. Paoli was introduced to art and opera at this house during his formative years.
 Gould Mansion Complex is a historic home and national historic district located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County New York. The district includes three contributing structures: the main house carriage house and barn and office building that served as headquarters for the Gould Paper Company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 West St. Mary's Manor is an early Colonial-era house built between 1700 and 1730. The 1-1/2 story brick and frame house is located near St. Mary's City Maryland and is an example of a William and Mary-era country house representing a transition from early one and two-room plans to a more elaborate four-room center-hall plan. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Home Savings Bank Building is an office building located in downtown Albany New York at 11 North Pearl Street (NY 32). At 19 stories and 276 feet (84 m) tall it is the tenth tallest building in the city. When it was completed in 1927 the Home Savings Bank Building was the tallest structure in Albany. However the Alfred E. Smith Building surpassed it the following year.
 The Wyoming Monument is an American Revolutionary War monument and gravesite located in the borough of Wyoming Pennsylvania in Luzerne County.The monument marks the gravesite of the bones of victims of the Wyoming Massacre which took place on July 3 1778. Local residents banded together to defend the area against an invasion of British Tories as well as pro-Tory Native Americans. The battle ended in defeat for the colonial fighters and considerable brutality followed the battle.
 The Brick Schoolhouse (Meeting Street School or Providence Preservation Society) is an historic colonial meeting house and school at 24 Meeting Street in Providence Rhode Island.
 The Liberty Bell Memorial Museum is located at 1601 Hickory Street Melbourne Florida in Wells Park. It houses military war exhibits facsimiles of important documents in U.S. history and a full size replica of the Liberty Bell.
 Change Alley (Chinese: 真者里) is a cluster of shops in the financial district of Raffles Place in Downtown Core planning area in Singapore. It links Raffles Place to Collyer Quay. The place is named after the Change Alley of London where stockbrokers congregated.The alley has a tenant mix of fashion food jewellery and services.
 The New Hope Mills Complex is a historic grist mill complex located on Glen Haven Road near the intersection with Route 41A in the hamlet of New Hope in the town of Niles in Cayuga County New York. The complex includes the mill building two vernacular dwellings a 1910s gambrel roofed storage barn a 1935 saw mill two concrete faced dams and a 1-acre (4000 m2) mill pond.
 The Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI /ˈɒmziː/ OM-zee) is a science and technology museum in Portland Oregon United States. It contains three auditoriums including a large-screen theatre planetarium and exhibition halls with a variety of hands-on permanent exhibits focused on natural sciences industry and technology. Transient exhibits span a wider range of disciplines.
 Pembroke Friends Meetinghouse is an historic Quaker church at Washington Street and Schoosett Street in Pembroke Plymouth County Massachusetts.The meeting house was built in 1706 by Robert Barker with later 19th-century additions. It is the oldest Quaker meetinghouse in Massachusetts and the third oldest in the United States. This meetinghouse was used by local Quakers from 1706 until 1874 when the meetinghouse was closed and the Quaker meeting was moved to the Sandwich Meeting.
 Bancroft Roman Villa is a Roman villa in the Bancroft district of Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire England. Originally a winged-corridor house the villa eventually became a grand building with mosaics and a formal garden. The principal rooms have been marked out in Bancroft Park and the fish-pond has been reconstructed. One of the mosaics is on display in Central Milton Keynes Shopping Centre.
 Blackman-Bosworth Store also known as Bosworth Store Building S.N. Bosworth's Cheap Cash Store David Blackman's Store and Randolph County Museum is a historic general store located at Beverly Randolph County West Virginia. It consists of the original section built about 1828 with an addition built in 1894. The original section is a two-story brick building on a cut-stone foundation.
 28 State Street is a modern skyscraper in the Government Center neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1969 it is Boston's 16th-tallest building standing 500 feet (152 m) tall and housing 40 floors. It has been known as the New England Merchants Bank Building and the Bank of New England Building. The building has a rectangular footprint which is then setback once near the top floor. The tower does not have a crown and in fact has a flattened roof.
 St. Mary's Syro-Malabar Catholic Cathedral Basilica Ernakulam is a Cathedral at Kochi in Kerala India. Originally founded in 1112 AD the Cathedral is dedicated to Our Lady of Ports. It is also known by the names Nasrani Palli Anchukaimal Palli or Thekke Palli. The present church was built in the early twentieth century under the direction of Mar Aloysius Pazheparambil and was elevated to the status of a Basilica by Pope Paul VI on 20 March 1974.
 Cranborne Priory was a priory in Cranborne in Dorset England. The monastery of Cranborne is said to have been founded as an abbey for Benedictine monks about the year 980. The chronicle of Tewkesbury states that it was founded around that time by a knight known by the name of Haylward Snew and made it the parent house of Tewkesbury.
 The Kuamoʻo Burials (also known as the Lekeleke Burial Grounds) is a historic Hawaiian burial site for warriors killed during a major battle in 1819. The site is located at Kuamoʻo Bay in the North Kona District on the island of Hawaiʻi United States.
 The Cedars also known as Ardis House or Atkinson House is a house in Beech Island South Carolina. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Farwell Barn also known as Jacobson Barn or Jacobson's Barn is a historical site of the state of Connecticut on the Storrs campus of the University of Connecticut.
 The Chinsegut Hill Manor House (also known as Tiger Tail Hill Mount Airy Snow Hill or simply The Hill) is a United States historic site approximately five miles northeast of the city of Brooksville Florida on Chinsegut Hill. It is located at 22495 Chinsegut Hill Road. Begun in the 1840s the building was greatly enlarged in the following decades.
 The Granada Theatre is a theatre located in Emporia Kansas United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and was designed by the Boller Brothers.
 111 Piccadilly formerly Rodwell Tower or Rodwell House is a high rise office development in Manchester England owned by Bruntwood which was opened in 1965. The tower is 64 metres (210 ft) which makes it the joint-sixteenth tallest building in Manchester. The building is located at the corner of Ducie Street (near Station Approach which leads to Manchester's main railway station Manchester Piccadilly). It is the last building in Piccadilly which continues here as London Road.
 The Texas Air & Space Museum is an aviation museum located at Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport in Amarillo Texas. The museum displays civilian and military aircraft as well as a wide range of air and space artifacts.
 Montreal Zen Center is a Sōtō/Rinzai Zen Buddhist sangha located in Montreal Quebec Canada in the Harada Tangen/Haku'un Yasutani line . The community offers for members only intensive Zen sesshin retreats of seven day three day and two day duration. Introductory workshops are given for the general public with follow –up and training programs for those wishing to become members.
 Masjid e Tooba or Tooba Mosque (Urdu: مسجد طوبٰی‎) is in Karachi Sindh Pakistan and is locally known as the Gol Masjid. Masjid e Tooba was built in 1969 in Defence Housing Society Karachi Karachi. It is just off main Korangi Road. Masjid e Tooba is often claimed to be the largest single-dome mosque in the world. It is also major tourist attraction in Karachi. Masjid e Tooba is built with pure white marble.
 The Pillars of Hercules is a pub in Greek Street Soho London. Most of what exists now was built around 1910 but the pub dates back to 1733. Dickens referred to it in A Tale Of Two Cities and the road at the side of the pub through the arch is named Manette Street after Dr Manette one of the characters from that book.More recently the pub has been favoured by many figures from the London literary scene including Martin Amis Ian Hamilton Julian Barnes and Ian McEwan.
 St Mary and St Romuald is a Roman Catholic parish church in the parish of Yarm North Yorkshire England. Administratively it is part of the Diocese of Middlesbrough.
 The Seralago Hotel & Suites is a family resort located in Kissimmee Florida U.S.A.
 Mayer Red Brick Schoolhouse is a building in Mayer Arizona. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2004.In 2008 the building had recently been renovated and was in use as administrative offices for the school district.
 The Converse Cottage at 504 Atlantic Avenue in Beach Haven Ocean County New Jersey United States is a Queen Anne-style summer house built in 1890. It was designed and/or built by Wilson Brothers & Company for John H. Converse a partner in the Baldwin Locomotive Works.
 Greyfriars Kirk today Greyfriars Tolbooth & Highland Kirk is a parish kirk (church) of the Church of Scotland in central Edinburgh Scotland. The kirk stands on the site of a pre-Reformation establishment of the Franciscan order the Grey Friars.It is one of the oldest surviving buildings built outside the Old Town of Edinburgh having been begun in 1602 and completed circa 1620. It sits to the south of the Grassmarket adjacent to the rear of George Heriot's School itself founded in 1628.
 The Lynn Common Historic District encompasses the town common of Lynn Massachusetts and the surrounding buildings which face it. Although its establishment dates to the late 17th century the area's time of development is predominantly in the 19th century when the common was transformed into a park. The common is an elongated grassy area flanked by North and South Common Streets with a number of small cross streets breaking it into several pieces.
 Parker Training Academy Dutch Barn is a historic dutch barn located at Red Hook in Dutchess County New York. It is a four bay heavy timber frame barn constructed during two building campaigns ca. 1790 through 1810. The Parker Training Academy is maintained by the Bureau of Training New York State Office of Children and Family Services (OCFS) which provides training to new staff employed in OCFS facilities.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Bluewaters Island is a development project under construction 500 metres (1600 ft) off the Jumeirah Beach Residence coastline near Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates.The project was approved by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and ruler of Dubai and unveiled on February 13 2013.
 The Manor of Sezim (Portuguese: Casa Grande/Paços de Sezim) is an 18th-century crested-manor home in the civil parish of Nespereira in the municipality of Guimarães located four kilometres southwest of Guimarães. Although currently known for its famous white wines it is historically tided to the foundations of the Portuguese kingdom showing characteristics common to the 15th and latter 18th centuries.
 Old Gym is one of the surviving Victorian buildings that characterized the early style of the Vanderbilt University campus in Nashville Tennessee. The Old Gym was originally a gymnasium later served as the Fine Arts Building and currently houses the university's admissions office.
 The American Sephardi Federation a founding member of the Center for Jewish History is a non-profit Jewish organization that strengthens and organizes the religious and cultural activities of Sephardic Jews preserves Sephardic heritage tradition and culture in the United States and assists in the publication of books and literature dealing with the Sephardic culture and tradition.
 Ruffner House also known as Luray Tannery Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Luray Page County Virginia. It was built in two phases about 1825 and about 1851. It is a two-story Federal / Greek Revival style brick dwelling with a hipped with deck roof a stone foundation and one-story porches on the two fronts. The house was remodeled in the 1920s.
 Riverview or Lightfoot House is a historic home located at Port Royal Caroline County Virginia. It was built about 1845-1846 and is a two-story five bay frame structure with a double-pile plan in the Greek Revival style. It has a hipped roof and sits on a brick basement. Also on the property is a contributing meathouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It is located in the Port Royal Historic District
 The Samuel T. Merritt House is located in Hudson Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Near East University Hospital is the largest and one of the leading medical facilities in Nicosia Cyprus. It is affiliated with the Near East University Faculty of Medicine.
 The Plum Grove Primitive Methodist Church is located in Ridgeway Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Museum Rudana or Rudana Art Museum was built in Peliatan Gianyar Regency Bali by Nyoman Rudana. It is built following the concept of the Bali philosophy Tri Hita Karana where art has a great contribution in spreading world peace prosperity and brotherhood amongst mankind. The humanist concept of the Rudana Art Museum is the main philosophy of Nyoman Rudana in collecting paintings in the museum.
 Hayes Homestead also known as Green Lawn Farm is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1770 with a 1 1/2-story stone kitchen wing added about 1799 and two-story frame addition in 1882. The original section is a two-story log structure with full basement and attic. It has a gable roof and mammoth central stone chimney.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Whittemore House is a historic First Period house at 179 Washington Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. It is estimated to have been built around 1700 based on an analysis of its framing and construction methods and is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the city. It is a two story wood frame building with a two story shed-style addition on the rear and a single story addition on the right side.
 Corpus Christi Cathedral is a cathedral church located in Corpus Christi Texas United States. It is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Corpus Christi.
 Walnut Grove is located in Cheneyville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1980.
 Destrehan Plantation is an antebellum Greek Revival house located near Destrehan in St. Charles Parish Louisiana. The plantation was a major source of indigo and later sugarcane production. The home is most associated with Jean-Noël Destréhan first United States senator from Louisiana and influential in the transition of the territory to United States statehood.The house is a unique example of a plantation home outliving the oil refinery that had been built around it.
 The Pinacoteca di Brera (Brera Art Gallery) is the main public gallery for paintings in Milan Italy. It contains one of the foremost collections of Italian paintings an outgrowth of the cultural program of the Brera Academy which shares the site in the Palazzo Brera.
 The Karaite Kenesa is located in Yevpatoria Crimea Ukraine. The temple complex of Crimean Karaites (karaev) covers an area of 0.25 hectares and consists of large and small kenesa buildings (meetinghouses) building religious schools (Midrash) charity dining household courtyards and multiple courtyards (grape marble waiting for the prayer Ritual Memorial). The kenesa has been a centre of the religious life of the Karaites of Yevpatoria since 1837.
 The Lisbon Post Office in Lisbon North Dakota United States is a post office building that was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-Lisbon.
 Warren County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse complex located at Front Royal Warren County Virginia. It was built in 1935-1936 and is a two-story stone faced concrete block Colonial Revival style building. It consists of a central rectangular block with a pedimented gable roof and smaller flanking recessed wings. The central block is topped by a three-stage cupola with an open and domed belfry. Also on the property are the contributing brick clerk's office (c.
 Well No. 4 Pico Canyon Oilfield located about seven miles (11 km) west of Newhall California in the Santa Susana Mountains was the first commercially successful oil well in the Western United States and is considered the birthplace of California's oil industry. Drilled in 1876 it turned nearby Newhall into a boomtown and also spawned a smaller boomtown called Mentryville adjacent to the drilling site. Well No. 4 continued in operation for 114 years until it was capped in 1990.
 The Park Inn by Radisson Berlin Alexanderplatz is the tallest building and the eleventh tallest structure in Berlin and the 29th tallest building and tallest hotel-only building in Germany. The 37-floor high-rise is in the northeast of Alexanderplatz in the central Mitte district and has a height of 125 meters (410 feet).
 The First Congregational Church (Lake Linden Michigan) is a church located at 53248 N Avenue (on the corner of First Street) in the Linden Lake Historic District in Lake Linden Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and is significant for its impeccable architectural integrity.
 The Castle Estense or Castle of Saint Michele (Italian Castello Estense) is a moated medieval structure in the center of Ferrara northern Italy. It is a large block with four corner towers.
 The Mr. and Mrs Frank Boonstra House at 1401 Helen St. in Midland Michigan was built in 1941. It was a work of architect Alden B. Dow and was built by the associated Alden Dow Building Co.. It has also been known as Bonstra House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The National Guard Armory in Mena Arkansas is an Art Deco building from 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Edwin Reese House also known as the Reese-Phillips House is a historic Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama USA. The house is a two-story wood frame building on a raised brick foundation four monumental Ionic columns span the front portico. It was built from 1856 to 1859 by Edwin Reese. The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936. It was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on October 17 1980.
 Dar Al-Fouad (Arabic: دار الفؤاد - 'The House of the Heart') is a hospital in Giza Egypt on the outskirts of Cairo. It offers cardiothoracic surgery cardiology oncology organ transplant and orthopedic departments. Dar Al Fouad Hospital (DAFH) provides medical and surgical care to patients.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Hartford City is an American church located in Hartford City Indiana. The edifice is the oldest church building in a small city that at one time was a bustling community with as many as ten glass factories – and over 20 saloons. Located at the corner of High and Franklin Streets the church is part of the Hartford City Courthouse Square Historic District.
 Holy Trinity Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on the banks of the Churchill River in Stanley Mission a community in the Lac La Ronge First Nation and Lac La Ronge Provincial Park in Saskatchewan Canada.
 Brooklyner or 111 Lawrence Street is a skyscraper in Downtown Brooklyn New York. Built by the Clarett Group and designed by GKV Architects WSP Cantor Seinuk (Structural Engineers) and Langan Engineering (Geotechnical Engineers) it is currently the tallest building in Brooklyn surpassing the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower. It has 491 rental units as opposed to the recent building boom of Downtown Brooklyn with condos. The building is 515 feet (157 meters) and 51 stories tall.
 Fort Totten Officers' Club is a historic clubhouse located at Fort Totten in Bayside Queens New York. It was built in the 1870s and expanded to its present size in 1887. It is a large Late Gothic Revival style building. It is a two story rectangular frame building with a projecting central tower pavilion and sheathed in clapboard. It features identical polygonal three story towers and a wood parapet surrounding the roofline.
 One Sutton Place South is a 14-story 46-unit cooperative apartment house in the Sutton Place neighborhood of Manhattan New York City overlooking the East River between 56th and 57th streets. The building was designed and completed in 1927 by Rosario Candela and Cross and Cross.Its residents have included John Fairchild publisher of Women’s Wear Daily designer Bill Blass and actress Sigourney Weaver
 Michaels-Stern Building is a historic industrial and commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a seven story rectangular brick structure with Beaux Arts details. It was built in 1893 for Michaels-Stern Co. a manufacturer of ready-to-wear apparel. The building served as manufacturing office wholesale and retail functions for the firm until they closed in 1972.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Northampton General Hospital is a NHS Trust hospital in Northampton Northamptonshire England. The hospital was founded in 1744 and moved to its present site in 1793 and has continued to provide healthcare to the local community for more than 200 years.
 The Caledonia Bridge also known as Goose River Bridge over the Goose River near Caledonia North Dakota was built in 1895. It was designed/built by the Wrought Iron Bridge Co. and is a Pratt through truss bridge. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The George and John R. Hunt Memorial Building often referred to as just the Hunt Memorial Building is the former Ellenville New York USA public library. It is located on Liberty Square at the juncture of Liberty Place and Canal Street (NY 52) just across from the village's post office another Registered Historic Place in Wawarsing.It was built in 1917 as local headquarters for the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) with money from local benefactor John R. Hunt.
 Centre Point Tower also known as 'Trakker Tower' is one of the tallest buildings in Pakistan situated in Karachi.
 Holly Hill also known as Holland's Hills or Rose Valley is a historic home at Friendship Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It was originally a primitive two-room 1 1⁄2-story frame dwelling constructed in the fall or winter of 1698. An addition was made in 1713 and about 1730 the entire structure was encased in brick and another addition was constructed. The house is an example of the Medieval Transitional style of architecture.
 The Prowers County Building at 301 S. Main St. in Lamar Colorado was built in 1928. It was a work of Robert K. Fuller and of A.E.Danielson & Sons in Classical Revival style. It served as a courthouse and has also been known as Prowers County Courthouse.
 Holy Trinity Russian Orthodox Church is a Russian Orthodox church of located in Baltimore Maryland. The church was founded by ethnic Russian immigrants from Belarus.
 Château de Montcigoux is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Regency Bridge locally known as the Swinging Bridge is a one-lane suspension bridge over the Colorado River in Texas. It is located at the intersection of Mills County Road 433 and San Saba County Road 137 both gravel roads near a small community called Regency. The bridge saddles Mills and San Saba counties.
 Thomas Leaming House is located in Middle Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1706 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1 1997.Leaming was a member the fifth session (June-August 1776) of the Provincial Congress of New Jersey which ordered the arrest of the colony's last royal governor William Franklin approved the Declaration of Independence and wrote New Jersey's first state constitution (1776).
 Niko Niko's Greek & American Café (more commonly known as Niko Niko's) is a restaurant located in Houston Texas known for serving Greek cuisine. Chrisanthios Fetokakis opened the restaurant in 1977 and ownership was eventually passed on to his son Dimitri Fetokakis.
 Burg Greifenstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria overlooking the Danube.
 The Church of St Anthony of Padua Oxford is a yellow brick-built Catholic church in suburb of Headington east Oxford Oxfordshire England. The church building is located in Headley Way.The church was built in 1960 and designed by Jennings Homer & Lynch. J.R.R. Tolkien was a parishioner here when he lived in Sandfield Road nearby. He was also a benefactor and a Requiem Mass was held here in his honour on 6 September 1973.
 The Ash Street School is a historic schoolhouse in Manchester New Hampshire. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975. The school occupies the city block bounded by Ash Bridge Maple and Pearl Streets.
 Central Park is a 51-storey office tower in Perth Western Australia. The building measures 226 m (741 ft) from its base at St Georges Terrace to the roof and 249 m (817 ft) to the tip of its communications mast. Upon its completion in 1992 the tower became the tallest building in Perth. It is also currently the ninth tallest building in Australia.The approval of the tower was controversial due to the plot ratio concessions made by the Perth City Council to the developers.
 The Church of Saints Cyril & Methodius and St. Raphael. is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 502 West 41st Street in Hell's Kitchen / Clinton Manhattan New York City near the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel. It was established in 1974 from the parish merger of St. Raphael's Roman Catholic Church and SS. Cyril & Methodius and is staffed by the Franciscan Friars. The church is located in the former St. Raphael's Church.
 Our Lady Star of the Sea Catholic Church built in 1927 in a mixed Art Deco and late Gothic Revival architectural styleis an historic Roman Catholic church located at 14400 Solomon's Island Road South in Solomons Calvert County Maryland. Established in 1888 the parish is the oldest Catholic parish in Calvert County and its 1927 church building is the oldest Catholic church building in the county. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. The Rev.
 Morgan House is a historic home in Bloomington Indiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Nā Uyana Aranya Senāsanaya (Sinhala: නා උයන ආරණ්‍ය සේනාසනය meaning ‘Ironwood Grove Forest Monastery’) is a Buddhist forest monastery in Kurunegala Sri Lanka associated with the Sri Kalyani Yogasrama Samstha. It spreads over more than 5000 acres of forest on the ‘Dummiya’ mountain range and is residence to about 100 Buddhist monks. Na Uyana is so named because of the old Ceylon ironwood forest that forms part of the monastery.
 Located in Fort Mitchell Alabama Fort Mitchell Historic Site is a park and an archaeological site that was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1990.
 Mandarin Oriental hotel is located in Washington D.C. in the United States. It was ranked by the Institutional Investor magazine as one of the top 100 hotels in the world. It is located near Capitol Hill. It is an AAA 5-star luxury hotel. The hotel contains two restaurants two bars and a health club with a spa sauna and a heated indoor pool. It is near the National Mall and Smithsonian Institution museums. The hotel overlooks Tidal Basin. It is located near the Washington D.C. waterfront.
 Maple-Union Corners is historic district centered at the corner of Maple and Union Streets in Springfield Massachusetts. The area is prominent as the location of the Springfield Female Seminary building (77 Maple Street built 1832 now in residential use) and for the distinctive homes of several of Springfield's prominent 19th century citizens.
 SLR Siemiatycze (Makarki) is a 120 m (393.70 ft) tall partially guyed tower consisting of a free-standing lattice tower with a guyed mast on top for FM and TV situated at Makarki near Siemiatycze in Podlaskie Voivodeship Poland. It is also referred to as Makarki Directional Radio Tower.
 Fairfield House in Newbridge Bath England was the residence of His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I Emperor of Ethiopia during the five years he spent in exile (1936–41). Following his return to Ethiopia he donated it to the city of Bath in 1958 as a residence for the aged.Fairfield House was used as a care home until 1993 when new room size requirements made it unsuitable for such use.
 Church at Charlotte is an Evangelical Free Church in Charlotte North Carolina and a member of Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability. The church provides several venues including 5:21 Saturday Traditions Sanctuary Live Video Cafe KidStuf and the newly created Colony Road an Americana/Coffee Shop-take on worship. The church also provides an employment network twice a month in order to help the unemployed in Charlotte find jobs.
 Kohl Children’s Museum of Greater Chicago is a children's museum in Glenview Illinois that provides a hands-on learning laboratory for children ages birth to 8. Located on an 8.8-acre (36000 m2) site including a 46700-square-foot (4340 m2) museum building and a 2-acre (0.81 ha) outdoor exhibit space the museum features exhibits and programs aligned to the Illinois State Learning Standards and designed to make learning fun and interesting for young children.
 The Nasiriyah Drainage Pump Station is a land drainage pumping station in Iraq 10km southeast of Nasiriyah in the province of Dhi Qar. The station pumps farm run-off collected by the Main Outfall Drain (MOD) north of the Euphrates River in Dhi Qar and Muthanna provinces to a siphon under the Euphrates where it is then returned to the MOD and eventually discharged in the Persian Gulf.
 Fo Guang Shan Hsi Lai Temple (Chinese: 佛光山西來寺; pinyin: Fóguāngshān Xīlái Sì) is a traditional Chinese Buddhist mountain monastery in the United States one of the largest of its kind in the North American continent. It is located on the foothill region of Hacienda Heights California a suburb of Los Angeles County. The name Hsi Lai means Coming West in the sense of the Great Buddhadharma Coming West.The temple is affiliated Fo Guang Shan one of Taiwan's largest Buddhist organizations.
 The Andrew Dickhaut Cottages Historic District is a historic district located at 114—141 Bath Street 6-18 Duke Street and 377 Orms Street in Providence Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
 The Holden/Marolt Mining and Ranching Museum is located on the former Holden Mining and Smelting Company facility on the western edge of the city of Aspen Colorado United States. It consists of one remaining building and the remains of some others.
 The Walker Branch Library is a branch of the Hennepin County Library system in the East Isles neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. It is located on Hennepin Avenue one block north of Lake Street adjoining the Midtown Greenway.
 The South Main and Washington Streets Historic District — 68-139 Washington St. and 2-24 South Main St. is a historic district in South Norwalk Connecticut. The 110-acre (45 ha) district encompasses 35 buildings and two other structures (including the South Norwalk Railroad Bridge). Varied architectural styles from the late 19th and early Twentieth centuries include Romanesque Revival Second Empire Italianate.
 Princeton Free Will Baptist Church formerly Thankful Baptist Church is a historic church building at 104 Water Street in Johnson City Tennessee.The brick church was built in 1912 to serve Thankful Baptist Church an African-American congregation. Thankful Baptist Church moved to a new location on Watauga Avenue in 1975. In 1977 the congregation sold the Water Street church property to Princeton Free Will Baptist Church.
 The Everitt-Cox House is a historic house located at 418 Moore in Lufkin Texas. Built in 1892 in a simple Victorian style the house was remodeled in 1922 with Classical Revival details designed by architect Shirley Simons. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Villa Gazzotti Grimani (1542) is a Renaissance villa an early work of architect Andrea Palladio located in the village of Bertesina near Vicenza in the Veneto region of northern Italy. In 1994 UNESCO designated Villa Gazzotti Grimani as part of the Vicenza City of Palladio World Heritage Site. (Two years later the World Heritage Site was expanded to include Palladian villas outside the core area and accordingly it was renamed as City of Vicenza and Palladian Villas of the Veneto).
 The Centreville Armory in Centreville Maryland is part of a series of Maryland National Guard armories built in the 1920s in principal towns in Maryland. The armories followed a standard design with a castle-like front housing offices and meeting spaces backed by a large drill hall.
 The Protestant church of Hantumhuizen or Saint Anne's church is a religious building in Hantumhuizen Netherlands one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.The Romano-Gothic church was built in the first half of the 13th century out of red Brick. The tower dates from c.
 The Hadjigeorgakis Kornesios Mansion is situated near the Archbishopric in the neighbourhood of Saint Antonios in Nicosia Cyprus where the wealthy notables of the Greek community traditionally used to live.
 Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago (formerly Children's Memorial Hospital) in Chicago Illinois is a pediatric specialty hospital. Located in the downtown Streeterville neighborhood the hospital has 1100 physicians on its medical staff and 4000 employees. Lurie Children’s offers 70 pediatric sub-specialties and has physicians at 14 other city and suburban locations.
 Courthouse Hotel. formerly the Courthouse Kempinski and prior to the hotelGreat Marlborough Street Magistrates Court is a 5-star hotel in London England at 19-21 Great Marlborough Street in Soho.
 Beth Chayim Chadashim (House of New Life) (also called BCC) is a synagogue located at 6090 West Pico Boulevard in West Los Angeles California. Affiliated with Reform Judaism it was founded in 1972 as the world's first lesbian and gay synagogue recognized by the Reform Jewish community. Beth Chayim Chadashim now focuses on the entire LGBT community rather than just gays and lesbians. Current clergy are Rabbi Lisa Edwards and Cantor Juval Porat.
 St. Maurus Church is a Roman Catholic Church in Biehle Missouri.
 The Adams-Nervine Asylum was incorporated in 1877 and opened in 1880 in Jamaica Plain Massachusetts. The estate provided an attractive picturesque setting as it was situated on Centre Street in the neighborhood of Bussy Park and the Arnold Arboretum. Having previously been owned by J. Gardiner Weld it was purchased by Seth Adams with his fortune acquired from his sugar refinery in South Boston. With his brother Isaac Seth had formerly manufactured printing presses and machinery.
 Citigroup Center (formerly 444 Flower Building) is a 625 ft (191 m) 48-story skyscraper at 444 S. Flower Street in the Bunker Hill area of downtown Los Angeles California. When completed in 1979 the tower was the fifth-tallest in the city—as of 2009 it is the eleventh.The building was previously owned by Beacon Capital Partners which purchased the property in 2003 for US$170 million and later to Broadway Partners Fund Manager LLC from December 2006 to September 2009.1.
 Located in Ebeltoft Denmark Glasmuseet Ebeltoft is a museum dedicated to the exhibition and collection of contemporary glass art worldwide. Its mission is to educate a broad audience in the appreciation of glass as an art form.
 Renaissance Plaza (formerly named World Trade Square) is a proposed residential and retail complex to be built on a 5.5-acre (2.2 ha) site in the Delaware Riverfront region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The previous World Trade Square complex design was to be developed by Carl Marks Real Estate Group and called for four high-rise office buildings: Old City Harbor Tower I Old City Harbor Tower II Old City Harbor Tower III and the Greater Philadelphia World Trade Center.
 Château de Mauriac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Great Northern Freight Warehouse and Depot is a former freight warehouse in Grand Forks North Dakota United States built for the Great Northern Railway in 1904 during the Second Dakota Boom. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990 at which time it was being renovated into rental apartments.
 Kastellegården is a mansion and gardens in Bohuslän Sweden. It is located in Kungälv Municipality.
 St. Mary of the Visitation Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The church building is located on the corner of 4th and Court Streets in downtown Ottumwa Iowa United States. It is part of the Central Park area which is the civic center of the community. It includes: the Wapello County Courthouse the Ottumwa Public Library and the Ottumwa City Hall. The church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary of the Visitation Church and Rectory.
 Curaçao Centre for Correction and Detention (Papiamento:Sentro di Detenshon i Korekshon Kòrsou (SDKK) ) (Dutch: Centrum voor Detentie en Correctie Curaçao) is the only prison on the Caribbean island of Curaçao. Since the construction of the prison in 1960 the prison has also been known as the Koraal Specht-prison after the name of the neighbourhood it is located in. After renovations around the year 2001 the prison changed its name to Bon Futuro prison meaning good future.
 St Michael's Church Bootle is located in the village of Bootle Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice has been united with those of St John the Baptist Corney St Mary Whicham and St Mary Whitbeck. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Hillsboro State Bank Building (now known as the Office of Trinkle Redman Swanson Coton Davis & Smith P.A.) is a historic bank in Plant City Florida United States. It was designed by Francis J. Kennard. Located at 121 North Collins Street it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 1 1984.
 The Stephen Phelps House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It is a representative example of the vernacular Federal style of architecture from the settlement period. The residence constructed between 1814 and 1817 is the earliest intact dwelling in the town of Penfield. The frame building consists of a two story five bay center entrance main block with smaller frame wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Po-i-Kalyan or Poi Kalyan (Uzbek: Poi Kalon Persian: پای کلان‎ Pā-i Kalān which means The Foot of the Great) is an architectural complex located at the foot of the great Kalyan minaret in Bukhara Uzbekistan.
 The Deluxe Town Diner is an historic diner at 627 Mount Auburn Street in Watertown Massachusetts.This diner was manufactured on site rather than having been prefabricated and shipped to the site from a specific diner manufacturer. In 1947 George Knotos and his father built this diner around their earlier Worcester Lunch Car Company diner. The Worcester diner became the kitchen in the current building.
 The Canute Peterson House is a historic residence in Ephraim Utah United States. Built in 1869 by Canute Peterson an early Latter-day Saint leader in Sanpete County it was designed by architect William H. Folsom. In 1978 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Richard Nibley brother of Mormon scholar Hugh Nibley purchased and restored the home in the 1960s. It sits next door to the historic Bank of Ephraim building.
 METU Science and Technology Museum (Turkish: ODTÜ Bilim ve Teknoloji Müzesi) is a museum established within the campus of the Middle East Technical University Ankara Turkey. The museum is aimed to present the modern technological tools as well as technological past of Turkey.
 Fair Deal Cafe is a historically significant diner for the African American community in North Omaha Nebraska. Once known as the Black City Hall Fair Deal was located at 2118 North 24th Street in the Near North Omaha neighborhood.
 The Randolph House is located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 24 1972.
 Union Baptist Church was a historic house of worship located in Downtown New Rochelle in Westchester County New York. The church was added to Westchester Inventory of Historic Places in 1994 chosen for its cultural and historical characteristics as well as for its Neo-Romanesque edifice and unique architectural details.
 The Battle Monument located in Battle Monument Square on North Calvert Street between East Fayette and East Lexington Streets in Baltimore Maryland commemorates the Battle of Baltimore with the British fleet's bombardment of Fort McHenry the Battle of North Point southeast of the city in Baltimore County on the Patapsco Neck peninsula and the stand-off on the eastern siege fortifications along Loudenschlager's Hill (later Hampstead Hill in what is now Patterson Park east of town.
 The Mall at Short Hills (commonly referred to as Short Hills Mall) is an upscale shopping center located in the Short Hills area of Millburn New Jersey United States. The shopping center is located 10 miles (16 km) west of Newark Liberty International Airport and 23 miles (37 km) west of Manhattan.
 The Fort Mill Ridge Civil War Trenches are battle trenches originally dug between 1861 and 1862 and lined with chestnut logs by the Confederate artillery during the American Civil War to defend the approaches to Romney on the Northwestern Turnpike and the South Branch Potomac River. The trenches were then refurbished between March and June 1863 by the 54th Pennsylvania Infantry and the 1st West Virginia Infantry. When Colonel Jacob M.
 The Canary-Hartnett House is a historic house at 113 Winter Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. This well-preserved 1.5 story wood frame building was built c. 1860 and is associated with the early wave of Irish settlers to the Barnstable area. The property includes a barn that dates to the same period.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Mt. Olivet Episcopal Church and Cemetery is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal Church building and its adjoining cemetery located at 335 Main Street in Pineville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 2000. Mt. Olivet is no longer a parish church and is now Mount Olivet Chapel. Its parish hall is now the Diocesan House of the Episcopal Diocese of Western Louisiana.
 Chowmahalla Palace or Chowmahallat (4 Palaces) is a palace of the Nizams of Hyderabad state. It was the seat of the Asaf Jahi dynasty and was the official residence of the Nizams of Hyderabad while they ruled their state.
 Casemate Fort Whiting Quadrangle also known as Old Casemate Officers Club Bldg. #207 Sentry Booth #220 and Fort Hamilton Community Club is a historic building located in Fort Hamilton Brooklyn New York New York. The old fort was designed in 1819 and built between 1825 and 1836. It is a brick and stone C shaped structure with all walls approximately three feet thick.
 Hook and Ladder No. 4 originally Truck No. 4 is a firehouse located at Delaware Avenue (U.S. Route 9W and New York State Route 443) in Albany New York United States. It is an elaborate brick structure in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style designed by Albany architect Marcus T. Reynolds and built in the 1910s.
 The Scottish Rite Temple also known as Scottish Rite Cathedral or Santa Fe Lodge of Perfection in Santa Fe New Mexico was completed in 1911.In 1909 Santa Fe's paper The Daily New Mexican announced that local (he lived and had offices in both New Mexico and Colorado) architect Isaac H. Rapp had been awarded the commission to design a new Scottish Rite Cathedral.
 The Seacoast Packing Company is a historic packing house in Beaufort South Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Also known as Peninsular Canning Company/Pig Factory and as Pickle Factory it was built by Brooks Engineering. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Helen DeVos Children's Hospital is a pediatric hospital in Grand Rapids Michigan and a division of Spectrum Health. It is named for Helen DeVos wife of Amway founder Richard DeVos a major donor.
 The Silverene Towers are two residential towers located in the Dubai Marina complex.Silverene's taller tower has 35 floors while the second tower has 26 floors and both are composed of studios one two and three bedroom apartments duplexes and penthouses.
 The Higgins Armory Museum was a non-profit museum located in Worcester Massachusetts dedicated to the display of arms and armor. According to the Boston Globe from its founding in 1931 until 2004 it was the only museum in the country devoted solely to arms and armor and had the second largest arms and armor collection in the country behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The collection consisted of 2000 objects including 24 full suits of armor.
 The National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory (NSCL) is located on the campus of Michigan State University and is the leading rare isotope research facility in the United States. Established in 1963 the cyclotron laboratory is the nation’s largest nuclear science facility on a university campus.Funded primarily by the National Science Foundation and MSU the NSCL operates two superconducting cyclotrons.
 St. Mary's Chapel is a historic chapel in Hillsborough North Carolina built in 1859. The congregation was established in 1759 by Anglicans and united with the Episcopal Church of North Carolina in 1819. The current brick church building was constructed in 1858-59 and the adjacent cemetery contains graves dating to the 1700s. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as a Historic Place in Orange County North Carolina.
 The Musée Fragonard d'Alfort often simply the Musée Fragonard is a museum of anatomical oddities located within the École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle in Maisons-Alfort a suburb of Paris. It is open several days per week in the cooler months; an admission fee is charged.The École Nationale Vétérinaire de Maisons-Alfort is one of the world's oldest veterinary schools and the museum created in 1766 with the school is among France's oldest.
 Orchid Heights is located at Jacob Circle Mumbai. It is one of the supertall buildings in Mumbai. Its construction has already started and should be completed in 2013.
 The Hotel Habana Riviera also known as the Gran Caribe Habana Riviera Hotel Riviera Havana or Havana Rivera is located at the mouth of the Almendares River on the Malecón waterfront boulevard in Havana Cuba. The hotel which is managed by the Cuban chain Gran Caribe was built in 1957 and still maintains its original 1950's style. It has twenty-one floors containing 352 rooms all of which feature excellent views of the water and the Vedado neighborhood.
 Gibraltar (previously known as the Hugh Rodney Sharp Mansion) located at 2505 Pennsylvania Avenue in Wilmington Delaware is a country estate home dating from c. 1844 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It takes its name from the Rock of Gibraltar alluding to the high rocky outcrop on which the house was built.
 The Kelowna Community Theatre is a 853 seat Theatre in Kelowna British Columbia. It is the home of the Kelowna Community Concert Society it is also the home of the Okanagan Symphony Orchestra and has been since it opened.
 The United States Post Office in Peekskill New York is located on South Street. It is a brick building in the Colonial Revival architectural style serving the 10566 ZIP Code which covers the city of Peekskill and some surrounding areas in the town of Cortlandt.It was built in the early years of the Great Depression as an economic stimulus. The neoclassic arch-headed windows on its front facade are unusual on a post office in New York built prior to the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration.
 The Fulton Log House in Upper St. Clair Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania was built circa 1830. The log house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 6 1975.Alexander Gilfillan settled in Upper St. Clair Township in the late 1760s and eventually owned 413 acres. About 1830 he or his son John built houses for his workers including four or five log houses with only one surviving to the present. This house remained in the Gilfillan Family until 1899.
 The Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul (Croatian: Katedrala Svetog Petra i Pavla) the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Đakovo Croatia. It is sometimes referred only as the Cathedral of St. Peter.Đakovo Cathedral is the biggest sacral newly built building of Croatian historicism. The St. Peter and St. Paul's Cathedral in Đakovo is the town's most famous landmark and the most important sacral object.
 St Chad's Church Shrewsbury occupies a prominent position in the county town of Shropshire. The current church building was built in 1792 and with its distinctive round shape and high tower it is a well-known landmark in the town. It faces The Quarry area of parkland which slopes down to the River Severn. The church is a Grade I listed building.The motto of the church is open doors open hearts and open minds.
 Community Howard Regional Health is a hospital located in Kokomo Indiana USA and is part of the Community Health Network group of hospitals in Indiana.
 The Church of The Holy Trinity and St Luke is a Greek Orthodox church in the north of Birmingham England dedicated to The Holy Trinity and St Luke. In Greek: Ellinorthodoxi Ekklisia Tis Agias Triados kai Apostolou Louka. The church celebrates the Feast Day of St. Luke on 18 October.
 Kennedy Crossan School is a historic school building located in the Burholme neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a two-story nine-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a central entrance with arched opening and stone surround and a crenellated brick parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Cathedral Church of St Michael and St George serves as the Roman Catholic cathedral for the Bishopric of the Forces. It is located in Aldershot England. The church was designed in 1892 by two military engineers and because the building was originally intended as the principal church for the Anglican chaplaincies of the British Army the foundation stone was laid by Queen Victoria. The trowel she used in the ceremony is exhibited in the cathedral’s west porch.
 The Bank Discount Tower is a skyscraper located on Herzl Street in Tel Aviv Israel. It is the headquarters of the Israel Discount Bank.Completed in 2006 three years after construction began in 2003 the tower has 30 floors 7 basement floors and is 105 meters in height.
 Burgdorf is an unincorporated community in Idaho County Idaho United States located approximately 30 miles (50 km) north of McCall at an elevation of 6115 feet (1864 m) above sea level. Originally a sacred site for Native Americans its hot springs were discovered by unknown Chinese miners and settled by young German immigrant Fred C. Burgdorf in the late 1860s.
 St John's Wood Road Baptist Church is an evangelical Baptist church in St John's Wood London. The church is situated between Lord's Cricket Ground and Maida Vale.
 Spann Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 150 Church Street in Ward South Carolina.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 Penrose Methodist Chapel is a redundant Methodist chapel situated some 1.5 miles (2 km) to the west of the hamlet of St Ervan in Cornwall England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 The Joseph Perkins House is a historic house at 297 Howe Street in Methuen Massachusetts. From its external appearance it is a Greek Revival 1.5 story wood frame house which appears to have been built around 1840; however it has also been assigned construction dates as early as 1752 by local historians. It clearly exhibits Greek Revival features with corner pilasters a deep cornice and a center sidelighted doorway that is framed by an entablature supported by pilastered.
 The Christian Centre Nottingham is a church located in Nottingham in England. It is one of the UK's larger churches with around 1400 people actively involved. The Christian Centre is a Pentecostal church affiliated to the Assemblies of God.
 St. Louis Outlet Mall (formerly St. Louis Mills) is a shopping center in Hazelwood Missouri just off Route 370. When it opened in November 2003 it had over 200 specialty shops and 8 anchor stores. Due to the current weaker economy this number shrank to just over 180. It is a venture investment by developer and former owner Mills Corporation that offers many retail stores and entertainment attractions.
 The Fort Des Moines Provisional Army Officer Training School in Des Moines Iowa was where African Americans were trained to be officers for the U.S. Army during World War I and women first began training for US Army service in 1942 as part of the Women's Army Corps. The grounds of Fort Des Moines were used for U.S. Army training beginning in 1901 and the all-Black 25th Infantry Regiment began training in 1903.
 Merchants National Bank in Winona Minnesota is a bank building designed in the Prairie School architectural style. It was built in 1912 and it features elaborate terra cotta and stained-glass ornamentation. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 1974.Architects William Gray Purcell George Feick Jr. and George Grant Elmslie intended the building to appear solid and stable to impress both bankers and customers.
 Dolm church (Norwegian: Dolm kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located on the southern coast of the island of Dolmøya at Dolmvarden.The white stone church was originally built in 1188 and was the main church on the island of Hitra. It was built in the Romanesque style with rounded arches and thick stone walls. The church has burned down many times most recently in 1920.
 Seneca River Crossing Canals Historic District is a national historic district located at Montezuma and Tyre in Cayuga County New York.
 The Uptown Theatre also known as the Balaban and Katz Uptown Theatre is a massive ornate movie palace in the Uptown neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. Designed by Rapp and Rapp and constructed in 1925 it the last of the big three movie palaces built by the Balaban & Katz theatre chain run by A. J.
 The Crowninshield House is an historic house designed by Henry Hobson Richardson located at 164 Marlborough Street in Boston Massachusetts.
 Trilogy Tower was a commercial development proposed in Brisbane Australia located at 480 Queen Street. Trilogy Tower was expected to be Brisbane's second tallest building (255 m) after Vision Brisbane (283 m currently on hold). The tower was to feature 30000m² of commercial office space 192 one and two bedroom hotel apartments and 109 single and double story residential apartments.
 The BB&T Center is a 300 feet (91 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1975 and has 22 floors.
 Rønnebæksholm is a former manor house located just outside Næstved in south-eastern Denmark. It was acquired by Næstved Municipality in 1998 and is now run as a cultural centre hosting a wide range of cultural events both indoor and outdoor including art exhibitions concerts talks and theatrical performances. The este covers 230.5 hectares of land.
 Saint Gerard's Roman Catholic Church is located at 1190 E Delavan Avenue in the East Side of Buffalo New York. The Roman Basilica style church previously served as a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. The church held its final full mass on January 1 2008 and currently sits secured but deteriorating.
 Harrison Bird Brown House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the West End it was built in 1861 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Harrison Bird Brown (1831-1915) was one of Portland's best known painters during the late nineteenth century. The house overlooks Portland's harbor and many of his paintings were created in the adjacent studio.
 One HSBC Plaza is a high-rise building located in Rochester New York United States. It is the sixth tallest building in Rochester standing at 284 feet (87 m) with 21 floors.
 Battalion Park is a geoglyph site in south west Calgary Alberta Canada. It is located on Signal Hill overlooking the Sarcee Nation as well as lands formerly known as Camp Sarcee and later Sarcee Training Area a military reserve used by the Canadian Forces from before the First World War up until the 1990s. The park extends over an area of 93 hectares (230 acres) north of the Elbow River.
 Lime Ridge is a two-level indoor shopping mall in Hamilton Ontario Canada on Upper Wentworth Street. It is the largest mall complex in the city an 815000-square-foot (75700 m2) super regional shopping centre with over 213 stores including department store anchors The Bay and Sears and five large non-majors: Home Outfitters The Bay Home Store Old Navy H&M and SportChek.
 The Philamlife Tower is an office skyscraper located in Makati City Philippines. It is owned and developed by Philam Properties Corporation the real estate arm of the Philippine American Life and General Insurance Company (Philamlife). Standing at 200 metres (656 feet) it is currently the 7th-tallest building in Makati City and is the 14th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. The building has 48 floors above ground and 5 basement levels for parking.
 The Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) was a system of large computers and associated networking equipment that coordinated data from many radar sites and processed it to produce a single unified image of the airspace over a wide area. SAGE directed and controlled the NORAD response to a Soviet air attack operating in this role from the late 1950s into the 1980s. Its enormous computers and huge displays remain a part of cold war lore and a common prop in movies such as Dr.
 The Chiesa del Sacro Cuore (Church of the Sacred Heart) is located in Via Capo di Mondo in Florence.Ludovico da Casoria a Franciscan priest founder of the Congregation of Frati Bigi had the church built between 1874 and 1877 on the model of San Salvatore al Monte. The church is situated in Firenze (Campo di Marte). In 1941 it became a parish church and the building was completely restructured by the architect Lando Bartoli between 1956 and 1962.
 Ysbyty’r tri Chwm is a community hospital in Ebbw Vale Blaenau Gwent Wales catering for the mental health needs of people over 65. The hospital is managed by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. It was created when Pen-y-Fal Hospital Abergavenny closed in 1996.There is a day hospital Oak Parc and a day centre called Ash Parc which operate Monday to Friday.
 Christ Church on Brixton Road in Lambeth SW9 is an Art Nouveau and Byzantine Revival Grade II* listed building built in 1902 by Arthur Beresford Pite for his brother-in-law Rev William Mowll. The foundation stone by Edward Johnston was cut by Eric Gill in 1902. The church was consecrated by Edward Talbot the Bishop of Rochester on 5 December 1902.
 The First United Methodist Church of Laurel is a member of the Baltimore/Washington Conference of the United Methodist Church. It is located on Main Street in the historic district of Laurel Maryland. The church serves primarily the Laurel area including the city of Laurel northern Prince George's County western Anne Arundel County south eastern Howard County and eastern Montgomery County. The Reverend Chris Owens has served the church as its Senior Pastor since July 2007.
 William Strickland Row is a set of seven historic rowhouses designated a national historic district and located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The brick houses were built about 1815 and measure between 16 feet 6 inches and 20 feet wide and 35 feet deep. They consists of the typical Philadelphia rowhouse plan with front building piazza and back building. The exhibit Greek Revival style design details.
 Beltway Park Baptist Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Abilene Texas associated with Southern Baptist Convention that was founded in 1985. In 2008 Beltway Park averaged approximately 3000 people in attendance each week. The head pastor is David McQueen. Beltway Park is located on the south side of Abilene. Matt Chandler was on staff at Beltway Park from 1996 to 1999 and indicates this time as important in restoring his value for the local church.
 The Franz Mayer Museum (Spanish: Museo Franz Mayer) in Mexico City opened in 1986 to house display and maintain Latin America’s largest collection of decorative arts. The collection was amassed by stockbroker and financial professional Franz Mayer who collected fine artworks books furniture ceramics textiles and many other types of decorative items over fifty years of his life.
 This article refers to the basilica in Nazareth. For information on the church associated with the Blagoveschenskaya Tower in Russia see Kremlin towers or Cathedral of the Annunciation.The Church of the Annunciation (Hebrew: כנסיית הבשורה‎ Arabic: كنيسة البشارة‎ Greek: Εκκλησία του Ευαγγελισμού της Θεοτόκου Ekklisía tou Evangelismoú tis Theotókou) sometimes also referred to as the Basilica of the Annunciation is a church in Nazareth in northern Israel.
 The Hyatt Regency Rochester is a Hyatt hotel and skyscraper located in Rochester New York. Standing at 271 feet (83 meters) tall with 25 floors it is the seventh tallest building in Rochester.
 The Howard Mortuary Chapel is an historic chapel located at 455 North Avenue on the grounds of Lakeview Cemetery in Burlington Vermont. Built in 1882 the chapel was designed in the High Victorian Gothic style by Alfred Benjamin Fisher on cemetery grounds designed by E. C. Ryer in 1871.
 Marshall Hall Maryland is the site of the Marshall family mansion. It is now part of Piscataway Park operated by the National Park Service. Marshall Hall is located near Bryan's Road in Charles County Maryland next to the Potomac River more or less across from Mount Vernon Virginia the home of George Washington. The home was one of the finest built on the Maryland shore of the Potomac in the early 18th century.
 Maple Street Historic District is a national historic district located on Gospel Hill at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. The district encompasses six contributing buildings all single family residences. They are stylistically worker's houses of the type that are to be seen in many coal and timber company towns throughout West Virginia.
 Northwest Davenport Savings Bank is located in the old northwest section of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 George Wolf School is a historic school building located in the Hedgerow neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1926-1927. It is a three-story nine bay yellow brick building with a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style.
 De Zwethheul is a restaurant located in Zweth Schipluiden in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1990-2004 and two Michelin stars in the period 2005–present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.0 out of 20 points.De Zwethheul is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.Present head chef is Mario Ridder who took over in 2006 from Erik van Loo. Cees Wildschut earned the first ever star for the restaurant.
 Palace Amusements was a historical indoor amusement park in Asbury Park Monmouth County New Jersey United States
 William Aiken House and Associated Railroad Structures is a historic district in Charleston South Carolina that contains structures of South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company and the home of the company's founder William Aiken. These structures are considered nationally significant in relation to the history of the development of the railroad industry in the United States.
 The Rawl-Couch House is located in Batesburg-Leesville South Carolina.
 The First Congregational Church of Boscawen is a historic church on King Street in Boscawen New Hampshire. Built in 1799 the wood frame church was significantly altered in 1839 when it acquired its present Greek Revival character. Its front facade is modeled as a Greek temple with corner pilasters supporting an entablature consisting of an architrave plain frieze and moulded cornice. This entablature is continued around the two sides of the building.
 The Marshalsea Dublin (the City Marshalsea) was a debtor's prison located at the rear of Bridgefoot St. in Dublin Ireland. That name was derived from the prison at Southwark belonging to the Marshal of the King's Household which closed in 1842.After the closure of The Black Dog prison in 1794 the City Marshalsea was considered the worst prison in the city. It was run privately for profit. Families of prisoners could also reside there to protect them from their creditors.
 Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a Roman Catholic church located at al. Solidarności 80 (formerly ul. Leszno 32) in Warsaw.
 HM Prison Kingston is a former Category B/C men's prison located in the Kingston area of Portsmouth in Hampshire England. Prior to closure the prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Crockett Street Dining and Entertainment Complex is located in Downtown Beaumont Texas. It consists of five restored buildings built at the turn of the 20th century. They were used for various businesses then but now host restaurants and various entertainment venues.From Left to right the historic names are: Wilson Building Littleton Building Millard Building Dixie Hotel.
 Conerly House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 5 1984.
 Old Main University of Arizona originally known as the University of Arizona School of Agriculture building was the first building constructed on the University of Arizona campus in Tucson Arizona United States. Old Main is one of the oldest surviving educational structures in the western United States. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.Designed by Phoenix architect James Miller Creighton construction of Old Main began on October 27 1887.
 The Great Synagogue of Oran (French: Grande synagogue d'Oran Arabic: معبد وهران العظيم‎) Algeria was built in 1880 at the initiative of Simon Kanoui but its inauguration took place only in 1918. Also known as Temple Israelite it is located on the former Boulevard Joffre currently Boulevard Maata Mohamed El Habib. It was one of the largest and most superb synagogues in North Africa.
 Frank and Anna Hunter House also known as Pocohontas County Museum is a historic home located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1903 and is a two-story square frame dwelling. The house has a hipped roof with dormers and crowned with a captain's walk. The front elevation features Victorian-Gothic icing ornamentation. Also on the property is a log cabin built about 1850 and moved to the property from nearby Beards Mountain.
 The Robert Llewellyn Wright House is a historic home located at 7927 Deepwell Drive in Bethesda Maryland United States. It is a two-story concrete-block structure designed by noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1953 and constructed in 1957 for his sixth child. The Usonian house was designed using intersecting and concentric segments of a circle or hemicycles. The house can be seen from Deepwell Drive on a sloping lot that overlooks a stream.
 The Andrew Freedman Home is a historic building constructed for Andrew Freedman that has been renovated into a hotel. It is a New York City Designated Landmark. The money to build it was bequeathed by Freedman. Located at 1125 Grand Concourse in The Bronx New York City New York the Andrew Freedman Home was designed as a retirement home for wealthy individuals who had lost their fortunes.The trust that operated the Andrew Freedman Home ran out of money in the 1960s.
 Birchrunville General Store is a historic general store located in West Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 and is a two-story stone and frame banked structure in a Late Victorian style. It has a mansard roof with fishscale slate and a jutting short wooden bay window. It was built to house a general store and post office with a meeting hall above and creamery below.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Bedok Point is located within the Bedok Town Centre Bedok Point is a redevelopment of both the former Bedok and Changi Theaters and is just a stone's throw away from Bedok MRT station. The mall is 4-storey high with 2 basements. It is the first air-conditioned mall in Bedok. It has a total gross floor area (GFA) of 133596 sq ft (12411.5 m2) and a net lettable area (NLA) of 80985 sq ft (7523.8 m2).
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic church located on Main Street in Eastsound on Orcas Island Washington. On December 12 1994 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Ellicott Square Building is an office complex in Buffalo New York USA. It was designed by Charles Atwood of D. H. Burnham & Company and completed in May 1896. At the time of its completion it was the largest office building in the world.
 US Post Office-Canastota is a historic post office building located at Canastota in Madison County New York United States. It is within the boundaries of the South Peterboro Street Commercial Historic District. It was designed and built in 1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon.
 St. John's Church Worksop is a parish church in the Church of England in Worksop.
 Van Meter Hall is a building on the campus of Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green Kentucky. Constructed in 1911 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979.
 Moore House is a historic home located at Garrison in Putnam County New York. It was built about 1860 and is a modest two family 1 1⁄2-story frame farm workers residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 K11 is a 61-floor skyscraper and shopping mall completed in 2002 located near Huaihai Park in the former Luwan District of Shanghai. It is 278 meters high and was built by Bregman and Hamann Architects. It overlooks the People's Square across the Yan'an Elevated Road. Formerly called the Hong Kong New World Tower (Chinese: 香港新世界大厦) the building was reopened on May 28 2013 as K11.
 Bourne Town Hall is the town hall of Bourne Massachusetts. It is located at 24 Perry Road in the Buzzards Bay section of the town. The two story Classical Revival brick building was built in 1914 to a design by architect James Purdon. It consists of a two story main block which is flanked on either side by single story wings and in the rear by a projecting two story ell.
 Washington Park is a historically black neighborhood in northwest Atlanta encompassing historic residential commercial and community landmark buildings. It is situated two miles (3 km) west of the central business district of Atlanta. The combination of gridiron and curvilinear streets is a result of the neighborhood having been developed from four separate subdivision plats.
 The Ludwig and Christina Welk Homestead built in 1893 is an historic farm house located at 845 88th Street South East in Strasburg North Dakota. It is also known as the Lawrence Welk Birthplace the Mike Welk Farm and ND SITS 32 EM 46.
 The Benjamin Stephenson House is a Federal style home built in 1820 in the city of Edwardsville Illinois United States. The house was constructed by prominent Edwardsville citizen and Illinois politician Benjamin Stephenson. He died shortly after the home's completion and the home had 15 subsequent owners some of whom made major alterations to the original structure. In 1845 the addition of an ell altered the appearance of the house.
 The Daniel Boone Homestead the birthplace of American frontiersman Daniel Boone is a museum that is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission near Birdsboro Berks County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is located on nearly 600 acres (2.4 km2) and is the largest site administered by the PHMC. The staff at Daniel Boone Homestead interpret the lives of the three main families that lived at the Homestead: the Boones the Maugridges and the DeTurks.
 Jamestown Settlement is a living history museum operated by the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is located near the site of Jamestown the first successful English settlement on the mainland of North America founded on May 14 1607.Created for the 350th anniversary celebration in 1957 as Jamestown Festival Park today Jamestown Settlement includes a recreation of the James Fort ca.
 St Patrick's Cathedral Armagh is the seat of the Archbishop of Armagh in the Church of Ireland. It is found in Armagh Northern Ireland. It is also the cathedral of the Diocese of Armagh
 The Arkansas Tuberculosis Sanatorium Historic District is a United States Historic District south of Booneville Arkansas that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in October 2006. The property contains the former relocation center for Arkansans diagnosed with tuberculosis and an administration building built in the Art Deco style in 1909.
 The Massie Wireless Station was built in Point Judith Rhode Island in 1907 and is the oldest surviving working wireless station in the world. It is now part of the New England Wireless and Steam Museum.The Massie Wireless Station provided communications to steamboats that traveled between New York City and New England cities. In 1983 the wireless station was moved to the New England Wireless and Steam Museum at 1300 Frenchtown Road in East Greenwich Rhode Island to avoid demolition.
 The Exchange Building is a 19-story skyscraper which was formerly known as the Cotton Exchange Building and the Merchants Exchange Building and is the twelfth tallest building in Memphis Tennessee. It should not be confused with the Memphis Cotton Exchange which is located on Front Street and Union Avenue. The Exchange Building is located at the corner of Second Street and Madison Avenue in downtown Memphis Tennessee.
 Viļaka Castle (Latvian: Viļakas pilsdrupas) (Mariensee Castle Marienhausen Villack) is a castle in the historical region of Latgale in eastern Latvia. The castle is located close to Viļaka town on an island in the Viļaka Lake. Built by Archbishopric of Riga in 1342 as a wooden castle rebuilt as a stone castle after 1516. The castle was destroyed in 1702 during the Great Northern War. The outer walls are 1.6m thick remaining fragments of the walls are up to 2 meters high.
 The John Jacob Astor Hotel originally known as the Hotel Astoria is a historic former hotel building located in Astoria Oregon United States and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It is one of the tallest buildings on the Oregon Coast and is a prominent landmark in Astoria. Constructed in 1922–23 the hotel opened in 1924 and initially was the city's social and business hub but soon was beset with a variety of problems and struggled financially for years.
 The tour Super-Italie is a residential skyscraper in the 13th arr. of Paris France. Its exact address is 121-127 avenue d'Italie.Inaugurated in February 1974 with a total height of 112 meters Super-Italie is the tallest tower of the wide operation of urbanism known as Italie 13 which consisted in building residential towers in Paris' 13th arrondissement. A second tower of identical shape was planned to be built in the same block.
 The Istana Negara (Malay for National Palace) is the official residence of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong the head of state of Malaysia. It is located along Jalan Duta in northern Kuala Lumpur. The palace opened in 2011 and replaced the old Istana Negara which also at different compound in central Kuala Lumpur.The palace complex has an area of 97.65 hectares 22 domes and is split into three main portions: the Formal Component Royal Component and Administration Component.
 Bank of Echo Building is located in Echo Oregon. It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1982.
 Christian Miller House is a historic home located at Punxsutawney Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1870 and is a 2 1/2-story frame dwelling on a stone foundation in the Italianate-style. It features a slate covered intersecting gable roof hipped roof front porch and round- and segmental-arched windows. For many years the house was divided into apartments.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Harmony Hall located in Fort Washington Maryland is managed by the United States National Park Service as part of the National Capital Parks-East system. It has been a National Park Service site since 1966. Harmony Hall is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian country house built of red brick during the eighteenth century. It is surrounded by 65 acres (26 ha) of land on Broad Creek a Potomac River tributary.The house was built circa 1723 for Mr. William Tyler.
 The Metropolitan District Commission Stable is a historic stable on Hillside Street in Milton Massachusetts.It was built in 1908 for the Metropolitan District Commission Police and the Massachusetts State Police mounted units. In 2004 the mounted units were disbanded and the stable was emptied. Although mounted units were reinstated in 2008 there are no plans to stable them here.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 25 1980.
 Lee Chapel is a National Historic Landmark in Lexington Virginia on the campus of Washington and Lee University. It was constructed during 1867–68 at the request of Robert E. Lee who was President of the University (then known as Washington College) at the time and after whom the building is named. The Victorian brick architectural design was probably the work of his son George Washington Custis Lee with details contributed by Col.
 Moshannon Valley Correctional Center or Moshannon Valley CI is a federal prison for men located in Philipsburg Clearfield County Pennsylvania privately operated by the GEO Group under contract with the Federal Bureau of Prisons. (The city of Philipsburg straddles the border between Centre and Clearfield Counties. The prison stands in Clearfield County.)The facility began accepting prisoners in April 2006 and has been expanded since.
 The John Mock House is a house located in north Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Queen Anne-style home constructed in 1894 was commissioned by John Mock who owned much of the property in University Park Portland Oregon. The home was built as a replacement to Mocks original log cabin which burnt in 1889. Mock died in the home at the age of 78.
 The coffee wars are the various marketing moves by coffee shops. In North America this currently includes Dunkin' Donuts Starbucks Second Cup Tim Hortons McDonalds Burger King and more recently McCafé which originated in Australia.
 The Seip House is a historic building on the west side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. Built in 1895 it is among the city's grandest houses.Born in Germany in the late 1810s Charles Seip was a butcher who settled in the United States in 1845. Soon after crossing the Atlantic Seip took up residence in Chillicothe; he soon began operating a butcher shop on Allen Avenue married and became prosperous.
 The Lieut. Thomas Fuller House is a historic First Period house at 6 Old South Main Street in Middleton Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house two stories of rooms either side of a central chimney was built c. 1684 by Thomas Fuller. By 1690 a leanto section (which may have surviving elements still in the house) was added to the house. The leanto was raised to a full second story in the 19th century.
 King Road Tower is a 34-storey office tower that is located in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. The tower contains the world largest advertisement LED screen making it a valued landmark for the city.
 The Lord & Burnham Building located at the corner of Main and Astor Streets in Irvington New York United States is a brick building in the Queen Anne architectural style built in the 1880s. In 1999 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.From 1870 on it had been home to Lord's Horticultural Works a builder of boilers and conservatories that had relocated to Irvington to better serve the owners of the many Hudson Valley estates who were its main clients.
 Capt. Jacob Shoemaker House is a historic home located in Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Middle Smithfield Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1810 and is a 1 1/2-story fieldstone dwelling over a banked stone basement. It has a gable roof with two dormers. The rear of the building has a two-story porch. It was the home of the locally prominent Shoemaker family.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 W.C. Beattie House is a historic house located at 289 West Brittania Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The house was built in 1882 for W.C. Beattie a designer at Reed & Barton. It is among the best extant examples of a large-scale builder-produced Queen Anne residence in the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St. Thomas' Church Aslockton is a parish church in the Church of England in Aslockton Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Sky Office Tower is a dual business tower elliptically shaped located in Zagreb Croatia north of the Zagrebačka Avenue near the intersection with Zagrebačka cesta. The office tower was completed in 2012. It is one of the few high-rise construction projects in Zagreb that persisted throughout the economic crisis in 2010.The tower will feature 22 floors above the ground and a number of underground floors.
 The City Of Ten Thousand Buddhas (Chinese: 萬佛聖城; pinyin: Wànfó Shèngchéng Vietnamese: Chùa Vạn Phật Thánh Thành) is an international Buddhist community and monastery founded by Hsuan Hua an important figure in Western Buddhism.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 2704 Monroe Street in Toledo Ohio is an historic building built in 1898. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 at which date the building was Universal Community Church.First Church of Christ Scientist Toledo now holds services at 4647 West Central Avenue at Corey Road in Ottawa Hills.
 The Alan B. Miller Hall is the new home of the Mason School of Business at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg Virginia United States. The building was designed by prominent modern architect Robert A.M. Stern. [1] The building has been awarded LEED Gold Certification after adhering to sustainability standards. It also houses the Mason School of Business Library.Constructed in a little over two years at a project cost of $75 million Alan B. Miller Hall is named after alumnus Alan B.
 Amsoldingen Castle (German: Schloss Amsoldingen) is a castle in the municipality of Amsoldingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 The DeLand House Museum is located at 137 West Michigan Avenue DeLand Florida. Built in 1886 by Henry Addison DeLand it changed hands numerous times until it was donated to the city of DeLand in 1988.It opened as a Victorian era historic house museum in 1990. The museum also contains materials related to the history of western Volusia County and is operated by the West Volusia Historical Society.
 The Hoofdwacht (Head Watch or Civic guard headquarters) is a historically important rijksmonument. It was built in the 13th century and it is considered the oldest building in Haarlem Netherlands. It has served as a printshop for Coornhert as a temporary council meeting location across from City Hall and even as a jail. It is located on the Grote Markt across from the St. Bavochurch.
 The Cary Building at 105-107 Chambers Street extending along Church Street to Reade Street in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1856-1857 and was designed by Gamaliel King and John Kellum (King & Kellum) in the Italian Renaissance revival style with the cast-iron facade provided by Daniel D. Badger's Architectural Iron Work. The five-story twin-facaded building was constructed for William H.
 The C.F. and Mary Singmaster House near Keota Iowa also known as Maplehurst Ranch and as Maplehurst was built in 1876. It is a Colonial Revival building designed by Frank E. Wetherell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 St. Catherine's Church on Thomas Street in Dublin Ireland was originally built in 1185. It is located on what was once termed the Slí Mhór (Irish: Great Way) - a key route that ran westwards across Ireland from Dublin. The church was rebuilt in its present form in the 18th century by John Smyth (or Smith).The church closed in 1966 due to a decrease in the local population.
 Not to be confused with Kingdom Centre or Mile High IllinoisKingdom Tower (Arabic: برج المملكة‎‎ Burj al Mamlakah) previously known as Mile-High Tower (Arabic: برج الميل‎‎) is a skyscraper currently under construction in Jeddah Saudi Arabia at a preliminary cost of SR4.6 billion (US$1.23 billion). It will be the centrepiece and first phase of a SR75 billion (US$20 billion) proposed development known as Kingdom City that will be located along the Red Sea on the north side of Jeddah.
 The Museum of Shipbuilding and Fleet (Russian: Музей судостроения и флота) the only Museum of Shipbuilding and Fleet in Ukraine is sittuated in Mykolaiv also known as Nikolayev (from Russian language) Ukraine.
 All Saints' Church Calbourne is a parish church in the Church of England located in Calbourne Isle of Wight.
 Peninsula Vineyard (formerly Abundant Life Centre) is a Christian church affiliated with Association of Vineyard Churches. The church is located in the industrial district of Brookvale a northern suburb of Sydney Australia in the local government area of the Warringah Shire. The church's pastors are Roy and Gae Barrett who started the church along with 5 other people in 1996. The church became adopted into Vineyard Churches Australia in 2006.
 Hong Kong Gold Coast Hotel (Chinese: 香港黃金海岸酒店) is a five-star hotel and conference centre at 1 Castle Peak Road So Kwun Wat Tuen Mun District New Territories Hong Kong. The hotel is a part of Hong Kong Gold Coast which was developed by Sino Group and completed in 1993 offering a total of 453 guest rooms. Besides the hotel the area includes a yacht club country club marina shopping mall and residential buildings.
 Pakistan Army Museum (Urdu: پاک فوج متحف‎) is an army museum located in Rawalpindi. It was opened on October 24 1961 to preserve Pakistan Army's past through relics and pictures and is one of the largest museums of Pakistan. The museum also contains rare pieces of old-time arms and uniforms to depict transformation of military forces. Some of the surviving Sherman tanks are a part of the museum's display.
 Caldwell Hall on the Cornell University campus was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was named after Dr. George Chapman Caldwell (1834–1907) the first head of the chemistry department at Cornell.
 St. Catherine's Priory Lincoln was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 Selbustrand Church (Norwegian: Selbustrand kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Selbustrand. The wooden church was built in 1901 by the architect O. Alfstad. It has a capacity of 280 people.Selbustrand Church is part of the parish of Selbu in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Victoria Quarter is an upmarket shopping area in Leeds England. It consists of three blocks situated between Briggate and Vicar Lane comprising County Arcade Cross Arcade Queen Victoria Street and King Edward Street.The development was built around 1900 and designed by the theatre architect Frank Matcham and originally included the Empire Palace Theatre which was demolished in the 1960s.
 Eliphalet Ferris House is a registered historic building in Mariemont Ohio listed in the National Register on May 29 1975.The house was restored in 1927 by Richard H Dana. By 1936 it was in use as the Mariemont Historic Museum with rooms furnished by the Daughters of the American Revolution.
 The Gate Fence and Hollow Tree Shelter Designed by Dionicio Rodriguez is a work by noted artist Dionicio Rodriguez that is located at 320 Oak St. in Clayton New Mexico. It consists of three faux bois sculptures created in 1943. Speculator Bayliss C. Froman commissioned the sculptures on his property after seeing Rodriguez's work on a visit to San Antonio.
 Idylle was a restaurant located in Zweeloo Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1997-2007.Owner and head chef of Idylle was Joop Zwiep.The restaurant regularly organized culinary test-events under the name Proef op de Tong (Eng.: Test on the Tongue) in which chef Zwiep often mocked with standard culinary practices. In 2001 he changed the flow of courses and started with a dessert.
 Not to be confused with the Bridesburg Elementary Public School at 2824 Jenks St. in the same neighborhood.Bridesburg School also known as Irving School is a historic school in the Bridesburg neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is the third-oldest surviving school building in Philadelphia after the Mifflin School and the much altered Penn Township School. The two-story building was built by Henry Funk in 1847-48 with five classrooms.
 Yatala Labour Prison is a low- to high-security men's prison in the northern suburbs of Adelaide South Australia Australia. It was built in 1854 to enable prisoners to work at the creek quarrying rock for roads and construction. Originally known as The Stockade it acquired its current name from a local Aboriginal word.The prison has been expanded many times but still has functioning buildings that date to the 1850s.
 Mount Hope Cemetery in Bangor Maine is the second oldest garden cemetery in the United States. It was designed by architect Charles G. Bryant in 1834 and built by the Bangor Horticultural Society soon after the same year that Bangor was incorporated as a city. The cemetery was modeled after Mt. Auburn Cemetery (1831) in Boston Massachusetts.
 The Little Gap Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Little Gap in Lower Towamensing Township Carbon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and is a 73 foot Burr truss span crosses the Aquashicola Creek. The bridge incorporates elements of the Howe truss in its construction.A nearby restaurant the Covered Bridge Inn takes its name from the bridge. In 2011 the bridge was damaged by a hit and run driver.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Belvidere Allegany County New York. The Gothic Revival style frame church was built in 1860 and features Carpenter Gothic elements. It is a one story board and batten clad rectangular structure with a slate gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Bentivar is a historic home and farm located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It is a one-story double-pile brick residence withEnglish basement and clearstory attic. It has a Palladian piano nobile plan. The traditional date for the building of Bentivar is 1795 but rebuilt about 1830 after a fire. Also on the property is a stone structure apparently originally used as a dairy; ice pit; and graveyard.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Galvin at Windows is a Michelin starred restaurant located on the top floor of the Hilton London Park Lane restaurant. It is led by Head Chef Andre Garrett and Chef Patron Chris Galvin. It offers a seasonally inspired modern French haute cuisine menu. The restaurant is known for its panoramic views onto Hyde Park facing west.
 St Werburgh's Church Birkenhead is in Grange Road Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Blue Plate Building is a building in the Gert Town section of New Orleans Louisiana at 1315 S. Jefferson Davis Parkway at the corner of Earhart Boulevard. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 2008. Its NRIS reference number is 08000989.Built in 1941 in the Streamline Moderne style it was originally a mayonnaise factory.
 The Scottish Rite Cathedral is a Masonic building in Omaha in the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States. Begun in 1912 and opened in 1914 it remains in use by the Scottish Rite.The building was designed in the Neoclassical Revival by Omaha architect John Latenser Sr. A native of Liechtenstein Latenser studied in Stuttgart Germany before emigrating to the United States in 1879. After working in Indianapolis Chicago and Cedar Rapids Iowa he moved to Omaha in 1887.
 The Wakefield Trust Company is a historic building at 371 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The two story limestone Classical Revival building was built in 1924 for $300000. Its most prominent feature is its four stone columns supporting a gabled pediment. Along with the Beebe Library and the post office it contributes to giving the town center a strong Classical feel.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Mt. Olive Missionary Baptist Church No.1 is a historic Missionary Baptist church building in Mobile Alabama. The church was built in 1916 by the local African American community. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 2008 based on its architectural significance.
 Chief Minister's Camp Office also called as Begumpet Camp Office is the official residence of the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in Greenlands circle Begumpet.
 The Château de Coucy is a French castle in the commune of Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique in the département of Aisne built in the 13th century and renovated by Viollet-le-Duc in the 19th.
 Excelsior is a former restaurant located in Hotel de l'Europe Amsterdam Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin stars for the period 1957-1970 and for the period 1987-1992.Restaurant Excelsior closed in 2010 and was replaced by Restaurant Bord'Eau in February 2011.GaultMillau awarded Excelsior 15.0 points (out of 20) in 2009.
 The Sun Yat-sen Museum Penang (Malay: Muzium Sun Yat-sen di Pulau Pinang; Chinese: 孫中山槟城基地博物館) formerly called the Sun Yat-sen Penang Base is a museum in George Town Penang Malaysia. The museum is dedicated to Sun Yat-sen a nationalist from China who established the Chinese Republic in 1912 after his efforts in Xinhai Revolution.The Sun Yat-sen Museum Penang is in a historic house.
 The Bald Rock Hotel is an historic pub in the suburb of Rozelle overlooking White Bay in the Inner West of Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia. It is the oldest continuously licensed hotel still operating in the Balmain and Rozelle area.
 Our Lady of Perpetual Help also known as St. Mary's Catholic Church was built in 1902 and is located atop St. Mary's Mountain in Altus Arkansas. The church is on the National Register of Historic Places and has over five hundred members.The church is known for its Sistine Chapel-style paintings and grand Roman Basilical architecture. Brown stone blocks cover the outside of the church and the inside walls are lined with ornate gold leaf.
 Emerald Plaza is the fifth tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. Tied with The Pinnacle Museum Tower it has a height of 450 ft (137 m). Located in the Core district of Downtown San Diego Emerald Plaza is a 30-story building with a clustered hexagonal roof designed by architects C.W. Kim Architects & Planners.
 Floral Hall is a building designed by John McMurtry in Lexington Kentucky. It is notable for its architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Andrew C. Vaughn House also known as the McCall House is a circa 1873 Italianate style house in Franklin Tennessee.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Puritan Farm also known as Keitt-Whaley-Pearlstine House is a historic plantation home located near St. Matthews Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built between 1820 and 1825 and is a large white two-story clapboard frame I-house with a pedimented second floor porch addition and two connecting rear wings all set upon a raised basement. A porch extends across the entire first-story front with six square columns support its sloping roof.
 Thaw Hall is a historic academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh that is a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District and has been named a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark. The five story building of stone brick and terra cotta was completed in 1910 in the Neoclassical Beaux-Arts style by architect Henry Hornbostel and today serves as space for a variety of academic classrooms labs offices and centers.
 The Eagle Ranger Station also known as the Eagle Guard Station and presently known as the Sol Duc Ranger Station is a complex of three buildings built in the 1930s in what would become Olympic National Park. The primary structures were built by the U.S.
 Casa Cautiño is a house museum located in the town of Guayama Puerto Rico. The museum collection administered by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture include works of art wood carvings sculptures and furniture built by Puerto Rican cabinetmakers for the Cautiño family. It's listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Mount Osore (恐山 Osore-zan) is a caldera volcano in the center of remote Shimokita Peninsula of Aomori Prefecture Japan. According to the Smithsonian National Museum of National History it peaks at 879 meters (or 2884 feet) and its last eruption was noted in 1787 (Global). While known regionally as Mount Osore it is locally referred to as Yake-yama (or “Burning Mountain”) due to minimal activity which occurred throughout the past century.
 Travelers Home is an Italian Villa and Queen Anne style home in Sheridan Oregon United States. It was built in 1892 and the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 8 1982. The building also known as Savage-Mendenhall-Seth House has been used as both a hotel and residence. The two-story building has a horizontal board style of siding.
 Melville is a historic home located near Surry Surry County Virginia. It was built about 1727 and is a 1 1/2-story hall-parlor plan brick dwelling. It has a clipped gable roof with three pedimented dormers and features tall interior end chimneys. It has a frame shed roofed addition in the rear dated to the early-19th century and a screened front porch and wing dated to the early-20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Stoughtonham Furnace Site is the site of a colonial-era iron foundry in Foxborough and Sharon Massachusetts. First established in the 1760s the site drew the attention of artillery colonel Richard Gridley following the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War in 1775.
 Kippinge Church (Danish: Kippinge Kirke) stands alone midway between Vester Kippinge and Øster Kippinge in northwestern Falster Denmark. It is west of Redslev wood. Thanks to three reputed miracles the Early Gothic church attracted many pilgrims until the end of the 19th century. It is known for its rich Renaissance furnishings and its frescos from the mid-14th century.
 The Powers Church is a historic church in rural Steuben County Indiana described as a fine example of early northern Indiana Colonial Revival architecture. In 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places where it is listed as Free Church a reference to the Church's non-denominational nature.The church was built between 1875 and 1876 for $1827 on land donated by the Powers family one of the earliest settlers in the area.
 Norum Church (Norwegian: Norum kyrkje) is a parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Nornes on the northern shore of the Sogndalsfjorden. The church is part of the Norum parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 230 seats was consecrated in 1863. The architect Christian Henrik Grosch made the designs for the building.
 Bahrain Financial Harbour (commonly abbreviated as BFH) is a large-scale commercial development project in Manama the capital of Bahrain.The commercial complex is located next to the King Faisal Highway near many popular landmarks such as the Bahrain World Trade Center Abraj Al Lulu and the National Bank of Bahrain. The majority of the project is being constructed on reclaimed land.
 Goodsell Observatory is a building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield Minnesota. It was constructed in 1887 and was at the time the largest observatory in the state of Minnesota. It was named for Charles Goodsell who donated much of the land on which Carleton was founded. Goodsell was built to replace Carleton's original observatory (built in 1877) which was razed in 1905 to make room for Laird Hall.
 The Joseph and Mary Jane League House also known League House is located in Macon Georgia. It is significant for its architecture and for its association with two of the first female architects in Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in January 2009.It was listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.
 56 Leonard Street is an 821 feet (250 m) tall 60-story skyscraper currently under construction on Leonard Street in Tribeca New York City United States. The Pritzker Prize-winning Swiss architecture firm Herzog & de Meuron describes the building as houses stacked in the sky. When completed it will be the tallest structure in Tribeca.The building has 145 condominium residences priced between US$3.5 million and US$50 million.
 The Cathedral of Sansepolcro (Italian: Duomo di Sansepolcro; officially a co-cathedral) is a Catholic church in Sansepolcro Tuscany central Italy.
 The University of Illinois Hospital & Health Sciences System is a member of the Illinois Medical District one of the largest urban healthcare educational research and technology districts in the USA.
 Hessdalen Church (Norwegian: Hessdalen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Hessdalen.The church was built in 1940 by architects John Egil Tverdahl and Arne S. Gynnild. The wooden building was built to hold about 186 people.The church is part of the Hessdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Long Run Baptist Church and Cemetery (also known as the Lincoln Cabin Site) is a historic church and cemetery on Long Run Road in Eastwood Kentucky.In 1786 Captain Abraham Lincoln grandfather of President Abraham Lincoln was murdered near this site by Native Americans while President Lincoln's father Thomas Lincoln age eight watched his father's murder. Tradition states that Captain Abraham Lincoln was buried by his cabin which is now the site of Long Run Baptist Church and Cemetery.
 Sadr school (Persian: مدرسه صدر‎) is one of the biggest theological schools in Isfahan Iran. It was built by Mohammad Hosseyn Khan Sadr Esfahani the famous governour of Isfahan in the era of Fath-Ali Shah Qajar. Although the structure and decorations of its facade is incomplete but it has a very serene and pleasant environment because of its very old trees. Its outer facade has one of the best brickworks in Isfahan.
 The Town Hall in Słupsk was built in 1901 when the town was known as Stolp and was a part of the Prussian Province of Pomerania within the German Empire. In 1945 the city became part of Poland under the name of Słupsk. The town hall is listed in a group of monuments protected by law. Neogothic monument of 1901 the office of municipal authorities. The guildhall tower may be accessed by visitors since 2003. In the tower there is a collection of portraits of Mayors and Presidents.
 The McLean County Museum of History is an AAM accredited institution located in Bloomington Illinois. It is the principle program of the McLean County Historical Society an Illinois nonprofit organization which was founded in 1892 to study local history. The museum moved into its current location in 1991.
 The Iredell County Courthouse in Statesville North Carolina is a Beaux Arts building built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The H. W. Smith Building (also known as the Smith Arcade) is a historic site in Punta Gorda Florida United States. It is located at 121 East Marion Avenue. On July 25 1991 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 7 High Street Fremantle is a building consisting of a bank chamber and three rooms. It was constructed for the Bank of New South Wales in 1899 who continued to operate from the premises until 1927. From around that time until the 1950s the building was the offices of Swan Wool Scouring Co.The building is listed on the Register of the National Estate.
 Berry Mound is an Iron Age hill fort located in the Bromsgrove district of Worcestershire near Shirley West Midlands on the outskirts of Birmingham. It has been dated to the 1st or 2nd century BC.The fort covers 11 acres (4.5 ha) measuring 450 ft (140 m) from north to south and 200 ft (61 m) from east to west. It is surrounded by a 24 ft (7.3 m) wide earth rampart.
 Clarksville Methodist Church is a historic church at 334 Main Street in Clarksville Tennessee.It was built in 1831 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University is a teaching hospital in Urumqi Xinjiang China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University. It is built on the basis of the former Urumqi Central Railroad Hospital and has a total area of 52880 square metres (569200 sq ft) with a total floor space of 79744 square metres (858360 sq ft).
 Rock Hall is a historic home located at Lawrence in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1767 and stands on a manorial park like setting overlooking Jamaica Bay. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian-style frame dwelling with a T-shaped frame wing. It is five bays wide with a central portico shielding the main entry. During the early 1950s the Town of Hempstead restored Rock Hall to its 18th century appearance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul is located on the Petrov hill in the centre of the city of Brno in the Czech Republic. It is a national cultural monument and one of the most important pieces of architecture in South Moravia. The interior is mostly Baroque in style while the impressive 84-metre-high towers were constructed to the Gothic Revival designs of the architect August Kirstein in 1904–5 .
 Indre Herøy Church (Norwegian: Indre Herøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Herøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stokksund on the northeastern shore of the island of Gurskøya. The church is part of the Indre Herøy parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1916 by the architect Ole Havnæs and the building was consecrated on	18 August 1916. The church seats about 375 people.
 The FM and TV Mast Gdańsk/Chwaszczyno (RTCN Gdańsk/Chwaszczyno) is a 317 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Chwaszczyno Kartuzy County Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland.
 The Hagerstown Roundhouse Museum located at 300 South Burhans Boulevard Hagerstown Maryland USA has exhibits relating to local railroad history and model railroads.The Hagerstown Roundhouse Complex was built in 1939. The 25 stall roundhouse and shops were the major facility for maintenance and repairs of locomotives and cars in Western Maryland. The railroads were the largest employers in Washington County for more than 50 years. The Roundhouse facility was demolished on March 13 1999.
 Nardaran Fortress (Azerbaijani: Nardaran qalası) - was built in 1301 by architect Mahmud ibn Sa'ad in the northern part of Absheron Peninsula.An inscription on Nardaran fortress which was translated by A.A.Alasgarzade says:But the geographical location of Nardaran Fortress indicates that there couldn’t be a foremost defense. Similar fortresses were built there from where it was expected to be attacked. Such regions were in the western borders and seashores of Absheron.
 Senayan City (also often known as Sen C) is a mixed-use development located in Senayan area South Jakarta Indonesia. The complex comprises a seven-floor high end shopping mall an office tower (mainly occupied by SCTV) an apartment tower and a five-star hotel operated by Sofitel. Senayan City is built on a land area of 48000 m² owned by the Bung Karno Stadium Authority.
 Worumbo Mill is an historic mill on the bank of the Androscoggin River in Lisbon Falls Maine.The mill was built in 1864 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The Worumbo Mill began as the brainchild of two residents of Lisbon Falls ME Edward Plummer and H.A. Tibbetts. Later Oliver Moses a businessman from Bath ME was brought in as they sought to build a factory producing fine woolens. Ground was broken in 1864 and production began in 1865 with Mr.
 US Post Office-Bronxville is a historic post office building located at Bronxville in Westchester County New York United States. It was built in 1937 and was designed by consulting architect Eric Kebbon (1891–1964) for the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a 1 1⁄2-story building faced with brick and trimmed in limestone in the Colonial Revival style. The front facade features six extremely flat limestone pilasters that flank the central entrance.
 Dr. John A. Brown House also known as the Anchorage is a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built in three phases. The core is a 2 1/2-story three-bay side-hall plan quarried granite dwelling with late Federal detailing. It dates to the 1820s. Attached to the core is a brick kitchenwing. Two square multiple-story brick Italian Villa towers were added to the north gable end later in the 19th century.
 The Blue Mosque (Persian: مسجد کبود‎ - Masjed-e Kabūd; Azerbaijani: Göy məscid) is a famous historic mosque in Tabrīz Iran. The mosque and some other public buildings were constructed in 1465 upon the order of Jahan Shah the ruler of Kara Koyunlu.The mosque was severely damaged in an earthquake in 1779 leaving only the entrance iwan. Reconstruction began in 1973 by the late Reza Memaran Benam under the supervision of Iranian Ministry of Culture. However the tiling is still incomplete.
 The Crown Hotel is a hotel in Poole Dorset England. It is a traditional pub/inn with a cream painted exterior and red placard. It is reputedly haunted with ghosts of children and of deformed twins of the 17th century who were kept locked up in a room upstairs. The hotel piano is often said to play notes seemingly on its own accord. A girl in a white nightdress has often been reported leaning over the banister.
 The Montgomery County Courthouse in Red Oak Iowa United States was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The São Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral --See and cathedra mean seat and therefore the ecclesiastical authority of a bishop or archbishop (Portuguese: Catedral Metropolitana or Catedral da Sé de São Paulo) is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of São Paulo Brazil. As of 2013 the Metropolitan Archbishop of the archdiocese was Cardinal Odilo Pedro Scherer. Its construction in Neo-Gothic style began in 1913 and ended four decades later.
 The Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall in Protea Glen in Soweto Gauteng Province South Africa which opened in September 2012Built at a cost of approximately R360-380 million the mall is located at the intersection of R558 and Protea Boulevard in the centre of Protea Glen and has over 90 tenants.
 St. Columba Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Youngstown Ohio United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Youngstown.
 Halecroft is a Grade II* listed building in Hale Greater Manchester (grid reference SJ78728636). The building was designed by architect Edgar Wood and was built in 1890; it is an example of Wood's work influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement. It is one of 11 Grade II* listed buildings in Trafford. Halecroft is two storeys high with a one storey 20th century extension.
 Hart Building is a historic commercial building located at Williamsport Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1895 and is a three-story steel frame building measuring approximately 80 feet by 50 feet. Exterior decorative elements include pressed brickwork terra cotta carved stone wood window sash and frame and pressed metal cornice and window trim. It was designed by noted Williamsport architect Amos S. Wagner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The House at 84 Adalia Avenue is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 84 Adalia Avenue. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center (JSLC) is a Chinese space vehicle launch facility (spaceport) located in the Gobi desert about 1600 km from Beijing. It is part of the Dongfeng Aerospace City (Base 10). Although the facility is geographically located within Ejin Banner of Inner Mongolia's Alxa League it is named after the nearest city Jiuquan in Gansu Province.
 Stracathro Hospital is a General Hospital in Angus Scotland. Established as a wartime Emergency Hospital Service facility it became a District General Hospital and since 2005 has been the site of the Scottish Regional Treatment Centre.
 1310 G Street is a high-rise skyscraper building located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 1992. With its completion the building rose to 154 feet (47 m) and featured 12 floors with 59652 m² in total floor area. The architect of the building was Skidmore Owings & Merrill who designed the postmodern architectural style of the building. The high-rise serves as an office building.
 The Administration Building at Randolph Air Force Base is headquarters for the 12th Flying Training Wing and located at Schertz northeast of San Antonio county of Bexar in the U.S. state of Texas. The building is referred to as the Taj Mahal or simply the Taj. It is Building 100 on the base and was erected in 1931 at a cost of $252027.50. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Star Hotel is a 3 star (self assessed) hotel in the English town of Great Yarmouth within the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom. The hotel has been a grade II listed building since February 26 1998.
 1 Lincoln Plaza is a mixed-use commercial and luxury residential condominium building in New York City with 43 floors and 671 units. Construction began in 1971. The building is in the heart of the Lincoln Center neighborhood. Completed and ready for occupancy in 1974 the building is divided into eight floors of commercial space and 36 floors of luxury residential apartments.
 The Linköping Cathedral (in Swedish: Linköpings domkyrka) is a church in the Swedish city of Linköping. The cathedral is the seat for the bishop in the Church of Sweden Diocese of Linköping. It is situated opposite Linköping Castle.
 St Mary's Church is an Anglican parish church in Lowton. It is in the deanery of Winwick the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool.
 The Henry County Sheriff's Residence and Jail is a government building in Napoleon Ohio United States. Built in 1882 to a design by architect D.W. Gibbs the residence-and-jail is located adjacent to the Henry County Courthouse in the city's downtown.
 South Hill Park is a 24-acre (9.7 ha) site that lies in the Birch Hill estate to the south of Bracknell town centre in Berkshire England.
 The Xichang Satellite Launch Center (XSLC) also known as the Xichang Space Center is a People's Republic of China space vehicle launch facility (spaceport) approximately 64 kilometres (40 miles) northwest of Xichang Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan.The facility became operational in 1984 and is primarily used to launch powerful thrust rockets and geostationary communications and weather satellites.
 The Barry Building is a landmarked mid-20th century modern commercial building located at 11973 San Vicente Boulevard in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles designed by architect Milton Caughey in 1950. It was identified by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission as being a well-preserved and notable example of the California-style modern design and was landmarked (Historical Cultural Monument #887) by the city of Los Angeles in 2007.
 St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church also known as Old St. Mary's is a historic church in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located in the Society Hill neighborhood at 248 S. Fourth Street between Spruce and Walnut Streets.
 The Roberts House is a historic house at 59 Prospect Street in Reading Massachusetts. The two story house is basically Colonial Revival in character but also exhibits Craftsman style features including extended eaves with exposed rafter ends stucco walls and a chunky entrance portico. It is one of Reading's better examples of Craftsman architecture.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Potter-Collyer House is an historic house at 67 Cedar Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island USA.The house was built in 1890 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Wheatland or the James Buchanan House is a brick Federal style house outside of Lancaster Pennsylvania in Lancaster Township Lancaster County. It was formerly owned by the 15th President of the United States James Buchanan.The house was constructed in 1828 by William Jenkins a local lawyer. It was sold to William M. Meredith in 1841. Wheatland changed hands again in 1848 when it was purchased by Buchanan.
 St Mary the Virgin is the parish church for Llanfair Kilgeddin near Usk in Monmouthshire south east Wales. It is a Grade I listed building as of 1 September 1956.
 Little Castle House is a Grade II Listed building in Monmouth Wales. Also known as The Dispensary it was one of Monmouth's early medical facilities. It was founded to provide free advice and medicine for the poor and to encourage vaccination. The support and financing was largely from donations concerts fees and exhibitions. Three doctors were appointment annually after a table of their kills and cures had been examined.
 The Keith House also known as Washington's Headquarters or Headquarters Farm is a historic house in Upper Makefield Township Bucks County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It served as the headquarters for George Washington during the American Revolutionary War and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Museo de la Naturaleza y el Hombre (MNH) (Museum of Nature and Man in English) is a museum based in Santa Cruz de Tenerife Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain). It contains many significant archaeological finds and is considered the best repository of objects from the Prehispanic Canary Islands.
 Prospect Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Auburn Road in Millis Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1714 and added to the National Historic Register in 2006. Among those buried in the cemetery are politician Christian Herter who served as U.S. Secretary of State and Governor of Massachusetts and two Medal of Honor recipients Charles Church Roberts and William D. Newland.
 James Blackstone Memorial Library is a public library located in Branford Connecticut. It is commonly referred to as the Blackstone Library or the Branford Library. The library was commissioned by Timothy Blackstone as a memorial to his father James Blackstone. It was designed by Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman. Construction on the building began in 1893 and was completed in 1896.
 The Shiawassee County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Corunna the county seat of Shiawassee County Michigan. It is a Michigan State Historic Site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built from 1903 through 1904 it was designed by Claire Allen in the Classical Revival style. The building continues its original function of housing county offices and is an active courthouse.
 Sistersville City Hall also known as the City Building is a historic city hall located at Sistersville Tyler County West Virginia. It was built in 1897 and is a two story red brick and stone building. The square building features centrally located three-sided bay windowson each side.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Albert H. Tanner House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Plano Hotel is a 19th century hotel building located in Plano Illinois USA. It was built in 1868 by John K. Smith and reflects the Italianate architectural style. In 1993 the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mayall Bruner House is a historic house at 36 Magnolia Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1923 to a design by noted Boston architect Arthur H. Bowditch. Mayall Bruner was a wool merchant with offices in Boston. The house is an excellent local example of rustic Craftsman styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Corning Armory since 1977 home to the Corning YMCA is a historic National Guard armory building located at Corning in Steuben County New York. It was designed by architect William Haugaard. The historic main block of the armory is a T-shaped Gothic Revival edifice with terra cotta trim constructed in 1934. The front portion the former administration building is a two-story seven-bay structure flanked by two one-and-a-half-story wings.
 The Cass-Davenport Historic District is a historic district of apartment buildings in Detroit Michigan roughly bounded by Cass Avenue Davenport Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The Milner Arms Apartments (originally known as the Hotel Stevenson) abuts but is not within the district.The district includes four apartment buildings near the corner of Cass Avenue and Martin Luther King Jr.
 Newton M. Pitt House is a historic home located at Sandy Creek in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1851 and is a two story frame Greek Revival style structure with an L shaped plan gable roof and wide cornice. It features a prominent pedimented portico supported by two square pillars and two columns with Ionic capitals.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Elmwood Place is a historic farmstead in the southwestern corner of Union County Ohio United States. Located along State Route 161 near the community of Irwin the farmstead comprises six different buildings spread out over an area of 9 acres (3.6 ha).In 1866 the property where Elmwood Place sits — then open fields — was purchased by James Fullington. One of Union County's most prominent landholders Fullington soon began construction of the present farm buildings.
 St John the Evangelist Friday Street was a church in Bread Street Ward of the City of London.
 The Charles Maynard House is a historic house at 459 Crafts Street in Newton Massachusetts. This 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1897 and is a fine local example of a Queen Anne Victorian with some Colonial Revival styling. It is also notable as the home of naturalist and taxidermist Charles Johnson Maynard.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Burj Khalifa (Arabic: برج خليفة‎ Khalifa Tower) known as Burj Dubai prior to its inauguration is a skyscraper in Dubai United Arab Emirates and is the tallest man-made structure in the world at 829.8 m (2722 ft).Construction began on 21 September 2004 with the exterior of the structure completed on 1 October 2009.
 St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Parish Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located in Buffalo in Erie County New York. The complex consists of a Lombard-Romanesque Revival basilica style church (1911–1913) a Queen Anne style rectory (1895) and a school completed over three phases in 1895 1906 and 1956. The church measures 156 feet in depth and 67 feet in width. It is two and one-half stories high and topped with a low-pitched red clay tile roof.
 Austin State Hospital (ASH) formerly known as the State Lunatic Asylum is the oldest psychiatric hospital in the state of Texas operated by the Texas Department of State Health Services. Established by the Legislature in 1856 it began operating in 1861 with twelve patients. The name was changed in 1925.The Hospital is the subject of a history by Sarah C.
 Havstein Church (Norwegian: Havstein kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Sverresborg area on the western side of the Nidelva river in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Havstein parish in the Byåsen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The small stone church was built in 1857. It was financed privately and was originally a chapel that was part of the Strinda parish.
 The Trinity Place Apartments located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Holmcultram Abbey (alternatively Holm Cultram Abbey or Holme Cultram Abbey) was a Cistercian monastery founded in 1150 in what is now the village of Abbeytown in Cumbria in England but at the time of foundation was in territory in the possession of David I of Scotland who together with his son Henry founded it in 1150. The mother-house was Melrose Abbey of the filiation of Cîteaux.The community established a daughter house at Grey Abbey in Northern Ireland in 1193.
 The Ejmiatsin Church (Armenian: Էջմիածնեցոց Սուրբ Գևորգ եկեղեցի; Georgian: წმინდა სერგოს ეკლესია) is an 18th-century Armenian Apostolic church in the Avlabari district of Old Tbilisi Georgia. The church is adjacent to the Avlabari Square.
 Frances and Isabella Apartments are historic apartments at 430-432 and 434-436 Dudley Street in Boston Massachusetts.The apartments were built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 2002.
 Van Bergen House is a historic home located at New Baltimore in Greene County New York. It was built about 1786 (expanded about 1820) and is a two story four by five bay subblestone residence with a slate-clad hipped roof. It was restored in the mid-20th century. Also on the property is a smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The House at 107 Waban Hill Road in eastern Newton Massachusetts is one of the city's finest examples of formal Italianate styling. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1875 and exhibits the full range of Italianate elements including an extended bracketed eave quoined corners elaborate heavily pedimented windows and the shallow-pitch central gable on the main facade.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim is a technology museum in Sinsheim Germany. Opened in 1981 it is run by a registered association called Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim e.V. which also runs the Technik Museum Speyer.
 M-Palace (Czech: M-Palác) is a high-rise building in Brno Czech Republic.The building is 60 meters high and it is one of the tallest buildings in Brno.The building consists of a sixteen-floors tower and two-floors building.The tower is mainly used for offices and in the two floors building is a shopping mall.There is a restaurant on the top floor of the tower with a panoramic view of the city.Construction of the building was started in 1994 and the building was opened in 1997.The building is located on Heršpická street.In the near of the building are located AZ Tower and Spielberk Towers.
 Glenorchy Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in the village of Dalmally Argyll and Bute Scotland. It is the parish church of the parish of Glenorchy and Inishail. The church is also known as Glenorchy Kirk and was historically known as the Church of Dysart (Scottish Gaelic: Clachan Diseart).
 The Floor of the Valley Road also known as the Zion Canyon Scenic Drive follows the canyon of the North Fork of the Virgin River also known as Zion Canyon through Zion National Park Utah. A precursor to the present nine-mile road was first built in 1916 but was later redesigned by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs to highlight the natural features of the valley while presenting a natural-appearing built environment.
 The Building at 136-138 Collins Street is located in Hartford Connecticut. The building was built in 1870 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 1982.
 Pacific Place is a complex of office towers hotels and a shopping centre situated at 88 Queensway in Admiralty Hong Kong. The latest phase Three Pacific Place is located at 1 Queen's Road East.The four-level mall is home to over 130 shops and boutiques and one major department store collectively offering an array of contemporary fashion and luxury brands.
 St. Catherine's is a Roman Catholic church on Meath Street Dublin that is in use today. It is was dedicated in 1858 and is the second church to occupy the same site. There is also a small grotto dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes located on the grounds.
 The Peru Mall is a 78-store shopping center located in Peru Illinois. It is the largest mall within 50 miles. The mall is anchored by Bergner's Sears JCPenney and Marshalls plus a movie theater. Directly outside the shopping center are Applebee's and Subway restaurants. The 465000-square-foot (43200 m2) shopping center is also the largest mall within a 55-mile (89 km) radius and serves as the major commercial center in the city of Peru.
 Saint Joseph Cathedral is located at 50 Franklin Street in downtown Buffalo New York and is currently the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo.
 Westfield North Lakes is a shopping centre in North Lakes on the northern outskirts of Brisbane. The centre first opened in on 7 August 2003 and initially included around 80 stores including Target and Coles. In early 2007 construction began on a major extension that was set to bring the total number of stores in the centre to over 200.
 The Columbia City Hall in Columbia South Carolina also known as Old United States Court House and Post Office was built in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It includes Renaissance architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 The Pui Tak Center (Chinese: 培德中心; Mandarin Pinyin: Péidé Zhōngxīn; Jyutping: pui4 dak1 zung1 sam1; Cantonese Yale: Pùihdāk Jūngsām; literally cultivating virtue center) formerly known as the On Leong Merchants Association Building is a building located in Chicago's Chinatown. Designed by architects Christian S. Michaelsen and Sigurd A. Rognstad the building was built for the On Leong Merchants Association and opened in 1928.
 The PopMart Tour was a worldwide concert tour by rock band U2. Launched in support of the group's 1997 album Pop the tour's concerts were performed in stadia and parks from 1997 through 1998. Much like the band's previous Zoo TV Tour PopMart was elaborately-staged and featured a lavish stage design complete with a 165-foot (50 m) wide LED screen a 100-foot (30 m)-high golden arch and a large mirror-ball lemon.
 The Palace of Culture and Science (Polish: Pałac Kultury i Nauki also abbreviated PKiN) in Warsaw is the tallest building in Poland the eighth tallest building in the European Union. The building was originally known as the Joseph Stalin Palace of Culture and Science (Pałac Kultury i Nauki imienia Józefa Stalina) but in the wake of destalinization the dedication to Stalin was revoked; Stalin's name was removed from the interior lobby and one of the building's sculptures.
 William Morgan Farm is a historic farm located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. The property includes two contributing buildings. They are a stone bank barn (1809) and a stone dwelling (1813). The barn is constructed of uncoursed rubble fieldstone and is cornered with largefieldstone quoins. The house is a two-story three bay gable-roofed fieldstone building with an original two-story gable-roofed rear ell.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Shorter Mansion is an Classical Revival-style historic house museum in Eufaula Alabama. The two-story masonry structure was built in 1884 by Eli Sims Shorter II and his wife Wileyna Lamar Shorter. They extensively remodeled the house from 1901 to 1906 with the results of that effort being the facade that is seen today. Eli Sims Shorter died in 1908 but his wife resided in the house until 1927 when it was passed to their daughter Fannie Shorter Upshaw.
 Burgruine Sonegg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Bon Secours Hospital Galway is a private hospital in County Galway Ireland. Owned by the Roman Catholic Bon Secours Sisters it offers healthcare to privately insured patients. It forms part of the Bon Secours Health System the largest private healthcare network in Ireland which includes hospitals in Cork Dublin and Tralee. The hospital sees over 18000 patients per annum comprising 6000 in-patients and 12000 day-cases.
 Beech Grove Cemetery is a large historical cemetery established in Muncie Indiana in 1841. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Sun Mercantile Building (or Sun Merc) is a warehouse building in Phoenix Arizona designed by E.W. Bacon and constructed by Wells & Son in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and has been a locally-protected historic landmark since 1987. Sun Merc is the last remaining building from Phoenix's second Chinatown period (c.1890-c.1960). It is located directly next to the US Airways Center and is used by the Phoenix Suns.
 St.Jerome is a Roman Catholic church in Norwalk Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Alte Nationalgalerie (Old National Gallery) in Berlin is a gallery showing a collection of Neoclassical Romantic Biedermeier Impressionist and early Modernist artwork part of the Berlin National Gallery which in turn is part of the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin. It is the original building of the National Gallery whose holdings are now housed in several additional buildings. It is situated on Museum Island a UNESCO-designated World Heritage Site.
 Day-Vandevander Mill also known as the Old Mill at Harman is a historic grist mill located near Harman Randolph County West Virginia. The original structure was built about 1877 and is a mortice and tenon hand hewn post and beam structure. The additions built in the 1920s are studded wall frame construction. The property includes the original mill pond and tail race. It is open as a mill museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Bilston School of Art was built in 1897 on Mount Pleasant Bilston to commemorate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria. It was designed by town engineer Captain Wilson who reputedly based the design very closely on an institution in Glasgow. The building falls within the Bilston Town Centre Conservation Area.
 Good Hope Baptist Church is a historic church in Eastover South Carolina.It was built in 1857 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Mem Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Bianyifang (Chinese: 便宜坊; pinyin: Biànyífānɡ) is the oldest Peking Duck restaurant currently doing business in Beijing China.
 Mirabelle was a restaurant in the Mayfair area of London. First opened in 1936 it became popular during the 50s and 60s with certain celebrities being regulars. Chef Marco Pierre White bought it and owned it from 1998 to 2007 during which time reports of celebrities dining at the restaurant once more occurred. It was sold in 2007. It earned a Michelin star in 2008 under head chef Charlie Rushton and the star was kept until its closure for refurbishment later in 2008.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 300 3rd Street in Elyria Ohio.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 St. Timothy's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church at 226 SE. 3rd Street in Massillon Ohio.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 St David's Church Haigh is in Copperas Lane Haigh Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 St Ann's Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in the Canford Cliffs area of Poole Dorset run by Dorset HealthCare University NHS Foundation Trust. It was designed by Robert Weir Shultz and opened in 1912 at a cost of £46500.00.
 The First National Bank is a five story building in Grand Forks North Dakota that was built in 1914–15 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was built for the Scandinavian-American Bank but has been identified as the First National Bank building since 1929.When it was founded the Scandinavian-American Bank had its offices in the Metropolitan Opera House n Grand Forks. The new bank building was constructed in 1914–15 and occupied in 1915.
 Hill-Stead Museum also known as Hill-Stead is a Colonial Revival house and art museum in Farmington Connecticut USA. It is best known for its French Impressionist masterpieces architecture and stately grounds.
 Le Marron is a restaurant in Malden Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2007–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Owner and head chef of Le Marron is Ysbrandt Wermenbol who opened the restaurant in 2005.
 The Saint Paul's Vestry House is a historic building located at Lynchburg Virginia. It was built about 1855 and is a single-story Classical Revival-style building with a simple low pitched gable roof and a rectangular plan. It is likely the only vestry house built exclusively for the governing body of an Episcopal Church in Virginia. It also served as the first home of the Lynchburg Woman's Club from 1903 to 1916.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 15 Penn Plaza also known as the Vornado Tower was a proposed 68-story tower in the Midtown Manhattan district of New York City planned by Vornado Realty Trust. It would have had 430 units and 2050000 square feet (190451 m²) of floor space. The Hiller Group is the designer.
 Mannings Heath is golf course and hotel in Mannings Heath Horsham in the south of England.The land the course sits on was used in the 18th-century as a meeting point for smugglers. In the late 1740s its Hawkin's Pond was the scene of one of the notorious Hawkhurst Gang's most brutal murders.Mannings Heath was opened as a golf course in 1914 after having been designed by the world-famous English architect Harry Colt.
 Maverick Concerts is the oldest continuous summer chamber music festival in America. The festival was founded in 1916 by Hervey White and Alexander Platt is the current music director. The mainstay of the series which runs from the end of June through early September is to be found in the chamber music concerts performed by distinguished soloists and ensembles on Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons.
 Augusta Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at Third and Walnut Streets in Augusta Arkansas.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Katskhi Monastery of Nativity of the Savior (Georgian: კაცხის მაცხოვრის შობის სახელობის მონასტერი) more commonly known as the Katskhi Monastery (კაცხის მონასტერი) is a medieval monastery in Georgia located in the village of Katskhi near the town of Chiatura. It was built at the behest of the Baguashi family in the period of 988–1014. The church building is noted for a hexagonal design and rich ornamentation.
 The Mount Evans Crest House is a building now in ruins located at the summit of Mount Evans in Colorado. It is notable for both its significant architectural design and its unusual location. Built at the terminus of the Mount Evans Scenic Byway it was the highest business structure in the United States. Constructed between 1940 and 1941 it served as a restaurant gift shop and tourist attraction until it was partially destroyed by a fire in 1979.
 The Taipei Grand Mosque (Chinese: 台北清真寺; pinyin: Táiběi Qīngzhēnsì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-pak Chheng-chin-sī) is the largest and most famous mosque in Taiwan with a total area of 2747 square meters. Located in the Da'an district of Taipei City it is Taiwan's most important Islamic structure and was registered as a historic landmark on 29 June 1999 by the Taipei City Government.
 The House at 88 Prospect Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of three houses in the family compound of Elizabeth Coit.Elizabeth Boit co-founder of the Harvard Knitting Mills also built on the west side creating an estate compound on the summit of Cowdry's Hill that included three residences formal gardens a playhouse and greenhouse.
 The LC is a leisure centre located in the city centre of Swansea Wales UK. Originally Swansea Leisure Centre the rebranded facility re-opened to the public on 1 March 2008 after a £32 million makeover. The LC's exterior has been revitalised by replacing the old concrete panels with clear glass translucent glazing and timber panelling.
 The Elliott Museum located at 825 N.E. Ocean Boulevard on Hutchinson Island near Stuart Florida United States focuses on art history and technology. Named after prolific inventor Sterling Elliott the museum houses permanent collections including Model AA Trucks early transportation history of Stuart and surrounding regions baseball memborabilia. In addition the museum hosts a juried art show in the fall and a juried car show in the spring. Traveling exhibits round out the schedule.
 Amala Institute of Medical Sciences is a private medical college near Amalanagar in Thrissur city of Kerala state. It is a Christian minority institution established and administered by the Devamatha Province of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI) an indigenous religious congregation founded in 1831.
 Centro Roselands (previously called Roselands Shopping Centre) is a medium-sized shopping centre in Roselands a suburb in south-western Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia. Opened in 1965 Roselands was the largest shopping centre in the Southern hemisphere for years even though it is quite small by today's standards.Roselands is currently owned by Centro Properties Group. The nearest competing shopping centres are the Centro-owned Centro Bankstown and Westfield Hurstville.
 The Pittsburgh Plate Glass Enamel Plant is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Old Government House also known as the Old Richmond County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located in downtown Augusta Georgia. It housed the seat of the local government from 1801 to 1821. It is one of the oldest remaining public buildings in the city.
 The St. Croix Boom Site is a National Historic Landmark located on the St. Croix River upstream of Stillwater Minnesota. The site was founded by Stillwater lumber barons including Isaac Staples in 1856 after the demise of the original St. Croix Boom Company which had operated a log boom further upstream near Marine on St. Croix Minnesota. Staples and others purchased the Boom Company and moved the site downstream.
 Blue Bayou is a full-service New Orleans/Cajun-style restaurant renowned for its unusual ambiance. Restaurants are located at Disneyland in Anaheim California Disneyland Paris and Tokyo Disneyland in Chiba Japan.Guests wishing to dine at the restaurant are advised to make reservations at least a day in advance. At Disneyland particularly during the 4:00pm to 8:00pm dinner rush.
 Andrew J. Morrison School is a historic school building located in the Olney neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story red brick building on a raised basement in a Late Gothic Revival / Tudor Revival-style. It features carved stone decorative panels and a projecting two-story stone bay.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Conro Fiero House (also known as the Mon Desir restaurant) was a revival-style Tudor mansion built in 1910 by Conro Fiero. Originally listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 9 1981 it was delisted on June 1 2011 following its destruction by fire.
 The John W. Rea House is located in Hawthorne Passaic County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1810 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 17 1999.
 Liberty Building (Spanish: Edificio Libertad) served as one of two executive office buildings of the President of Uruguay (the Estévez Palace being the other).It was built in the 1970s during the military government for the Ministry of Defense but in 1985 president Julio María Sanguinetti decided to move the presidential office to that building.
 St James' Church Christleton is in the village of Christleton Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. It is the only Cheshire church designed by William Butterfield.
 The Fireman's Insurance Company was an insurance company founded in 1855 in Newark New Jersey that built two buildings downtown to house its offices.The Home Office Building is located adjacent to Military Park at 10 Park Place in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1928 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17 1982.The building was designed by Jay H. and Wilson C. Ely and built for the Fireman's Insurance Company.
 The Home on the Range Cabin near Smith Center Kansas is a log cabin built by Dr. Brewster Higley VI in 1871. It is associated with the song Home on the Range written by Higley as a poem in 1872 while living on a dugout that he built on the banks of the Beaver Creek. Higley's friend Dan Kelley set the poem to music; the song eventually became famous and is now the state song of Kansas. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Fred Smart House is a historic home located at Lacona in Oswego County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a two story frame Queen Anne style residence consisting of a rectangular gabled main block with a round tower attached to each of its two front corners. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house and pergola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Fountain Lake Farm also known as Wisconsin Farm Home of John Muir was the home of John Muir from 1849 to 1856 and 1860 to 1862. The landmark site is located at County Highway F and Gillette Road in rural Montello Wisconsin United States North America and includes an area of 80 acres (32 ha). Muir attributed much of his philosophy about conservation to ideas he conceived while living at Fountain Lake Farm.
 Washington's Headquarters State Historic Site is a historic site in Newburgh New York USA. It consists of the Hasbrouck House the longest-serving headquarters of George Washington during the American Revolutionary War and three other structures.It is also the oldest house in the city of Newburgh and the first property acquired and preserved by any U.S. state for historic reasons. For both that and its historic value it was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
 The Odd Fellows Building is a historic commercial building at 442 Main Street in Malden Massachusetts. The four story steel and masonry building was built in 1907 to a design by Louis C. Newhall for the local chapter of the International Order of Odd Fellows (IOOF). The building is faced in buff brick and is predominantly Renaissance Revival in character. The first floor consists of storefronts while the upper floors housed IOOF facilities including a large meeting space.
 Poirier's Diner is a historic restaurant at 1380 Westminster Street in Providence Rhode Island.The diner was built in 1947 by Kullman Dining Car Company and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. The diner was originally located at 1467 Westminster Street; it was moved to 1380 Westminster Street in 2011. In September 2013 it reopened as the West Side Diner
 First Ebenezer Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 420 Graymont Avenue North in Smithfield in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1963 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Trinity Parish is an historic Episcopal Church at the corner of King and Saint George streets in downtown St. Augustine Florida. It is the oldest Protestant church in Florida and has some of the oldest and most beautiful stained glass windows in the Episcopal Diocese of Florida.
 The Thayer Hotel is a 151-room Historic Hotel of America property located 50 miles north of New York City on the banks of the Hudson River at 674 Thayer Road in West Point New York on the campus of the United States Military Academy. It is named after Sylvanus Thayer West Point class of 1808 the father of the Military Academy.The Thayer Hotel has three main markets: tourists visiting West Point weddings and corporate conferences.
 Zolochiv Castle was a residence of the Sobieski noble family on a hill at the confluence of two small rivers in the south-eastern part of Zolochiv Galicia (now part of Ukraine's Lviv Oblast). The rectangular fort was built in 1634-36 by Jakub Sobieski using the labor of enslaved Crimean Tatars. The Sobieski castle comprised solid walls in a then current Dutch style with four pentagonal towers at each corner and the so-called grand palace.
 Coopers Square is an indoor shopping centre located in Burton upon Trent Staffordshire England. It is owned by the Grosvenor Group.Formerly called Burton Shopping Centre; the site was opened in 1970 by HRH Princess Alexandra.The total retail area for the shopping centre is 35766 m2 (385000 sq ft).The shopping centre has 800 car parking spaces with a ground car park as well as a rooftop car park.
 Dorneyville Crossroad Settlement is a complex of three historic buildings located at the crossroads community of Dorneyville in South Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. They are the King George Inn John Dorney House and William Dorney House. The King George Inn is a large stone building built in four sections. The oldest dates to about 1755 with additions made about 1790 1796 and 1930. It was operated as an inn and tavern.
 The Civic Museum of Crema (Italian: Museo civico di Crema e del Cremasco) is an Italian museum located in Crema.It was founded in 1960 in what had been a 15th-century Augustinian cloister. There are sections for archeology history and art.
 The Alford-Nielson Home is the only example of Second Empire French Victorian Architecture in Ferndale Humboldt County California.
 The Ashland Mill Tenement is a historic tenement at 141-145 Ashland Avenue in Southbridge Massachusetts. Built in 1855 this rowhouse is one of the oldest documented factory buildings in the city. It is an architecturally unassuming two story wood frame construction with modest Federal styling with four units of housing. The only older factory housing in Southbridge are brick buildings built c.
 The Refectory Church (Ukrainian: Трапезна Палата Trapezna Palata; Russian: Трапезная церковь Trapeznaya tserkov’) is a refectory and an adjoining church of Saint Anthony and Theodosius of the medieval cave monastery of Kiev Pechersk Lavra in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. In the refectory the Lavra monks had their meals.
 Radisson Blu Edwardian Hampshire Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located on Leicester Square in Mayfair. The hotel has 127 rooms and 20 suites.
 The Boone County Historical Center is a historic building in Boone Iowa. Constructed in 1907 as the Champlin Memorial Masonic Temple the building housed Mt. Olive Lodge No. 79 (a local chapter of the Freemasons) until 1990 (when the lodge moved to a new building). It now houses the Boone County Historical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Knights of Pythias Temple in Louisville Kentucky also known as Chestnut Street Branch-Y.M.C.A. was built in 1914. It was designed by Henry Wolters. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The La Posada Historic District at 200 E. Second St. in Winslow Arizona dates from 1930. It was listed as an 11-acre (4.5 ha) historic district in 1992.It includes the Winslow Santa Fe station as well as La Posada Hotel and Gardens a Fred Harvey Company hotel designed by Mary Jane Colter in 1929 and restored in 1997 by artist Tina Mion and her husband Allan Affeldt.
 Tanasi (also spelled Tanase Tenasi Tenassee Tunissee and other such variations) (Cherokee: ᏔᎾᏏ) is a historic Overhill Cherokee village site in Monroe County Tennessee in the southeastern United States. The village is best known as the source of the name for the state of Tennessee.
 The Packard Service Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Taylor-Dunn House is a historic U.S. home located at the Parrish Medical Center on Main Street Titusville Florida. Arthur Dunn built the home in 1910 and he lived there with his wife Mayme Lewis Taylor Dunn. Arthur Dunn served as a Brevard County Commissioner for 24 years and significantly contributed to the creation of Arthur Dunn Airpark. Mayme Lewis Taylor Dunn descended from one of the first families to settle in Brevard County.
 Headquarters House also known as William Hickling Prescott House is an historic house at 55 Beacon Street on Beacon Hill in Boston Massachusetts. It is the left-hand portion of a double townhouse at 54-55 Beacon Street seen in the photograph. Built in 1808 the twin units were designed by architect Asher Benjamin.
 Vivestad church Vivestad Re Norway is a wooden church built in 1914.
 The Iron Block Building so named for the words Iron Block embossed high on its front facade is an historic two-story commercial building located at 530 12th Street West Old Main Street) across from the Manatee County Courthouse in Bradenton Manatee County Florida. Built in 1896 in the cast iron style of architecture it originally housed Reed's Cash Store.
 The David S. Brown Store at 8 Thomas Street between Broadway and Church Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1875-76 for a soap manufacturer. It was designed by J. Morgan Slade in the Victorian Gothic style as influenced by John Ruskin and French architectural theory.
 Tochigi Prefectural Museum (栃木県立博物館 Tochigi Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in the city of Utsunomiya Japan. The collection relates to the history and natural history of Tochigi Prefecture. The museum opened in 1982.
 John's Island Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Charleston South Carolina.It was built in 1719 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Feather River Hospital is a 101-bed acute care hospital near Sacramento with a wide array of outpatient departments and services designed to meet the health care needs of Paradise California and its neighboring communities.
 The Astral Apartments is a historic apartment building located in Greenpoint Brooklyn New York New York.The Astral was built in 1885-1886 as affordable housing for employees of Charles Pratt's Astral Oil Works. It is a massive brick and terra cotta building in the Queen Anne style. It features a central projecting section with a deep three story high round arch recess.
 The Marin County Civic Center the last commission by Frank Lloyd Wright is located in San Rafael California. Groundbreaking for the Civic Center Administration Building took place in 1960 after Wright's death and under the watch of Wright's protégé Aaron Green and was completed in 1962. The Hall of Justice was begun in 1966 and completed in 1969.
 The Monash University Museum of Art (MUMA) is an art museum at Monash University’s Caulfield campus on Dandenong Road Melbourne Australia completed in 2010.
 Mahbub Mansion also Mahboob Mansion is a palace named after Mahbub Ali Khan Asaf Jah VI the IXth Nizam who lived here occasionally though his permanent residence was the Purani Haveli. It is located in the Malakpet district of Hyderabad.
 Hackensack University Medical Center at Pascack Valley (HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley formerly Hackensack University Medical Center North at Pascack Valley) is a satellite free-standing emergency department located in Westwood New Jersey at the site of the former Pascack Valley Hospital. Owned by Hackensack University Medical Center (HackensackUMC) HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley serves the Pascack Valley community in northern Bergen County New Jersey.
 Asbury United Methodist Church and Bethel Chapel and Cemetery is a national historic district containing a Methodist church chapel and cemetery at 19 Old Post Road in Croton-on-Hudson Westchester County New York. The church was built in 1883 and is a rectangular brick building with a multi-colored slate-covered gable roof in the Gothic Revival style. It features large Gothic-arched stained and leaded glass windows added in 1891 and a square engaged two stage tower.
 The Glace Bay Heritage Museum or the Old Town Hall is located in Glace Bay Nova Scotia in the one-time town hall. The town's memorial to its deceased coal miners is located on the museum grounds. Some items contained in the museum are: Central School 1988 Time Capsule Joey Mullins' (Olympic Runner 1960 Olympics) original running shoes Extensive mining photographs and artifacts Collection of yearbooks and yearly almanacs Fishing artifacts
 The Jacob Hoornbeck Stone House is located at the junction of Boice Mill and Drum Farm roads in Kerhonkson New York United States a hamlet of the Town of Rochester in Ulster County. It was erected in the early 19th century using the Georgian architectural style incorporating an earlier house as its rear wing.It reflects a later generation of stone houses built by the descendants of Dutch settlers in the town features like the full stone gable fields on either end.
 Arcadia is a historic house located between Frederick and Buckeystown Maryland. Built about 1790 the house overlooks Monocacy National Battlefield. The house was extensively altered in the late 19th century and now possesses an elaborate balconied tower. The interior was also extensively updated at that time.The house played a role in the Civil War when in the days prior to the Battle of Antietam Confederate Colonel (later General) William Pendleton stayed at Arcadia.
 Český Šternberk Castle (Czech: Hrad Český Šternberk) is a Bohemian castle of the mid-13th century located within the village with the same name of the Central Bohemian Region in Czech Republic. It is an early Gothic castle which was constructed named and still owned by members of the same family. Český Šternberk Castle is today a residence that bears a long historical and architectural heritage and represents an attractive tourist destination open to the public.
 Government House Regina Saskatchewan was constructed as a residence for the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Territories whose territorial headquarters were in Regina until the provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta were created out of the Territories in 1905 and Regina became the capital of Saskatchewan.At that point Government House became the vice-regal residence of Saskatchewan which it remained until 1944 when it was vacated until it was returned to official ceremonial use in 1984.
 Beaver Mill is a historic grist mill located near Craigsville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1852 and is a two-story clapboard sided timber frame structure with an end gable roof. It sits on a stone pier foundation and measures 25 feet wide and 30 feet one inch deep. The mill ceases operation in 1932.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Gershom Cutter House is a historic house at 1146 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. Although traditionally ascribed a construction date of 1802 it is more likely based on stylistic evidence and other documentary evidence that this two story wood frame house was built c. 1835 by the sixth Gershom Cutter. The house standing on the site in 1802 (built by the fourth Gershom Cutter) was according to a family genealogy demolished in 1804.
 The Masonic Lodge No. 472 is an Italianate building in Zaleski Ohio that was built in 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Currently no Masonic lodges meet in the building and there is no lodge with the number 472 active in Ohio.
 The Mill–Pine Neighborhood Historic District is a residential historic district located in Roseburg Oregon United States. Beginning in 1878 this neighborhood of modest homes developed to house employees of the adjacent railroad and the service and retail workers who served them.
 The Chemistry Building at the University of Arkansas is a building on the University's campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Lake Wedington Historic District (locally Lake Wedington sometimes spelled incorrectly Lake Weddington) is a US Historic District in Washington County Arkansas. The 170-acre (69 ha) historic district is located within the 424-acre (172 ha) Lake Wedington Recreation Area.
 Makati Medical Center is a tertiary hospital in the Philippines with more than 600 beds. The hospital was founded on May 31 1969. It is one of the hospitals owned and operated by Medical Doctors Inc. a subsidiary of Metro Pacific Investments Corporation.
 West Acre Priory of St. Mary and All Saints was a medieval monastic house at West Acre in the King's Lynn and West Norfolk district of Norfolk England founded c.1100 by the de Toni family. Later an Augustinian fraternity it was closed down in 1538 as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries under King Henry VIII.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at St. Francisville West Feliciana Parish Louisiana. The congregation was organized in 1827. The present church was completed in 1860 but was heavily damaged by Union gunboats in 1863 during the Civil War. The current appearance of the church dates to its repair and rebuilding in 1893. The organ dates to 1860. The church is one of the state's oldest Protestant churches.
 The Neon Museum in Las Vegas Nevada United States features signs from old casinos and other businesses displayed outdoors on over 6 acres (2.4 ha). The museum is restoring the La Concha Motel lobby as its visitor center which officially opened on October 27 2012.For many years the Young Electric Sign Company stored many of these old signs in their boneyard. The signs were slowly being destroyed by exposure to the elements.
 The Château de Chevreaux is a ruined castle in the commune of Chevreaux in the Jura département of France. At an altitude of 473 m the castle dominates the Bresse plain.
 The Philadelphia Museum of Art is among the largest art museums in the United States. It has collections of more than 227000 objects that include world-class holdings of European and American paintings prints drawings and decorative arts. The Main Building is visited by more than 800000 people annually and is located at the west end of Philadelphia's Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
 The John Tyler Morgan House is a historic Greek Revival-style house in Selma Alabama United States. It was built by Thomas R. Wetmore in 1859 and sold to John Tyler Morgan in 1865. Morgan was an attorney and former Confederate general. Beginning in 1876 he was elected as a Democratic U.S. senator from Alabama for six terms. He used this house as his primary residence for many of those years.The building housed John T.
 Southdale Center commonly known as just Southdale is a shopping mall in Edina Minnesota a suburb of Minneapolis which opened in 1956. It is the United States' oldest fully enclosed climate-controlled mall. As of 2011 much of the original Southdale structure is still in use as well as later additions to the building.
 Sacred Heart Catholic Church and School is a historic church and school at 503 North Queen Street in Palestine Texas.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Taft Building is an historic twelve-storey building at 6280 W. Hollywood Blvd. and 1680 North Vine Street Hollywood and Vine in Hollywood California.
 The Palladium is a 35-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 140 m (459 ft). Construction of the Palladium was completed in 2007. The main auditorium has tiered seating for up to 3000 people; 5500 standing; and banqueting for 1500 people. A discrete mechanism provides for a choice of reduced capacities in all formats.
 Cosmopolitan Hotel Hong Kong is a 454-room 4-star hotel located on 387-397 Queen's Road East midway between Wan Chai and Causeway Bay of Hong Kong. Most guestrooms have a view of Happy Valley racecourse or city skyline and its Theme Suite collection includes the Sony’s 3D Entertainment Suite Osim Massage Suite Ocean Park Suite and Toy Suite.
 The Camlin Hotel is a historic hotel in downtown Seattle Washington. The story of the hotel is intertwined with the story of Seattle. The hotel was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 St. Mary's Church of Ireland Church is the parish church of Kilmore County Wexford in the southeast of Ireland. The church was built to designs of William Day between 1798-1802 with a tower added in 1889 annexe in 1898 and later vestry in 1935.One notable local tradition is that of carol singing in the church at Christmas time which has been taking place for over 200 years. The history of the Kilmore carols can be traced from the mid eighteenth century to the present day.
 St Giles-without-Cripplegate is a Church of England church in the City of London located within the modern Barbican complex. When built it stood without (that is outside) the city wall near the Cripplegate. The church is dedicated to St Giles patron saint of beggars and cripples. It is one of the few medieval churches left in the City of London having survived the Great Fire of 1666.
 Audunborg or Hegrenes-borga was a castle and fortification built by Audun Hugleiksson on his inherited estate at Ålhus on the shores of the Jølstravatn in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north-east of the village of Vassenden.
 St Michael's Church Trelawnyd is in the village of Trelawnyd Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church in the benefice of Dyserth and Trelawnyd and Cwm the deanery of St Asaph the archdeaconry of St Asaph and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Nuttallburg Coal Mining Complex and Town Historic District is located near Fayetteville West Virginia in New River Gorge National River. The townsite is almost directly across from the Kay Moor mine and townsite now abandoned.
 Atoka Historic District is a national historic district located at Atoka Fauquier County Virginia. It encompasses 11 contributing buildings in the rural crossroads of Atoka. They include four dwellings and their various outbuildings two commercial buildings and a stone spring house. Notable buildings include the Caleb Rector House (c. 1830) the Atoka Store (c. 1893) and the Rector-Dean House (1893).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Alphonse Gaulin Jr. House is an historic home on 311 Elm Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The Queen Anne style house was constructed in 1885 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 Ridgway Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Ridgway Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904 and is a 2 1/2 story rectangular brick building in the Romanesque Revival style. The drill hall is located on the second floor above the administration area.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Arnold Stevens House is a house located in Jerome Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Gutenfels Castle (German: Burg Gutenfels) also known as Caub Castle is a castle 110m above the town of Kaub in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.It was built in 1220. It was used with Pfalzgrafenstein Castle in the middle of the Rhein and the fortified town of Kaub on the far side to provide an impenetrable toll zone for the Holy Roman Emperor until Prussia purchased the area (1866) and ended this toll in 1867. The castle is in part of the Rhine Gorge a UNESCO World Heritage Site added in 2002.
 Danville West Market Street Historic District is a national historic district located in Danville Montour County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 42 contributing buildings in a residential area of Danville. The buildings date from about 1800 to 1925.
 Mall at Northgate is a shopping mall located in San Rafael California 15 miles (24 km) north of the Golden Gate Bridge. It's the largest of three shopping centers in San Rafael called Northgate. It is managed by The Macerich Company. It is the only enclosed regional shopping center in Marin County. The mall's anchors are Macy's Kohl's and Sears.
 The Windsor Cinema (formerly Windsor Theatre and Gardens and Windsor Twin Cinema) is located at 98 Stirling Highway Nedlands Western Australia. It is an Art Deco cinema designed by the architect William T. Leighton and constructed in 1937. It is currently leased by Luna Palace Cinemas.
 The Industrial Building is a high-rise built in 1928 in the Washington Boulevard Historic District of downtown Detroit Michigan. It is located at 1410 Washington Boulevard and occupies the northeast corner on Grand River Avenue and Washington Boulevard. The currently residential building stands 22 storeys tall with 21 above-ground floors and one basement level. Architect Louis Kamper designed the Book Tower (left) and the Industrial Building (right) both of which are pictured.
 The church of Surp Astvatsatsin (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստվածածին; meaning Holy Mother of God) is located just off the main highway through the village of Karbi in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The basilica was completed between the years of 1691-1693 while the belfry was built in 1338.
 The Taiwan Coal Mine Museum (Chinese: 台灣煤礦博物館; pinyin: Táiwān Méikuàng Bówùguǎn) is a museum about coal mining in Pingxi District New Taipei City Taiwan.
 The Fresno Bee Building is an historic 5-story building located at Van Ness Avenue and Calaveras Street in downtown Fresno California. It was built in 1922 by architect Leonard F. Starks to house the offices and printery for The Fresno Bee newspaper.The building underwent numerous modifications the natural consequence of growth and changes in the newspaper and printing industries.
 The Ojo Caliente Hot Springs Round Barn in Ojo Caliente New Mexico is a round barn that was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Woodlawn also known as the Trible House is a historic home located near Miller's Tavern Essex County Virginia. It was built about 1816-1820 and is a 1 1/2-story two bay frame dwelling with a gambrel roof. It features two exterior end chimneys constructed of brick. A lean-to addition was built about 1840.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Government Palace of Peru also known as House of Pizarro was the house of the Peruvian government headquarters erected in 1535 and was built over a huge Indian burying ground Waka that had a shrine of Indian chief Taulichusco. It has been through many alterations. The current structure was built in the 20th century designed by Peru's dictators in the style of grandiose French Baroque architecture.The Government Palace was built by Francisco Pizarro the governor of New Castile.
 The North 23rd Street Bridge in Tacoma Washington was built in 1909. It was designed by engineers Waddell & Harrington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Charles M. Pratt House near Ojai California is a historic Arts and Crafts-style house that was built in 1909 above Ojai.
 Hotel Valley Ho is a historic hotel in Scottsdale Arizona. Also called the Valley Ho and for 28 years the Ramada Valley Ho the hotel was originally designed by Edward L. Varney a student of Frank Lloyd Wright. It first opened in 1956 with a forward-looking and futuristic design. Movie stars and famous baseball players stayed and the building quickly became known for its trendsetting guests and its fashionable atmosphere.
 The Mississippi Armed Forces Museum is located at Camp Shelby approximately 12 miles (19 km) south of Hattiesburg Mississippi. The Armed Forces Museum serves as the military history museum for the State of Mississippi. It is a member of the Army Museum System.
 St. Marguerite Bourgeoys is a Roman Catholic church in Brookfield Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Williamsport Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Williamsport Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It consists of a main armory building and separate auxiliary building. The main armory building has a two-story brick administration section in the Art Deco style with an attached drill hall taking a T-shaped plan. The drill hall was built in 1937. The auxiliary building was built in 1927.
 Pennsylvania Railroad Station is a historic train station located at Mayville in Chautauqua County New York. It was constructed in 1925 for the Pennsylvania Railroad and is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure with an overhanging hipped roof. The building measures 117 by 29 feet (35.7 by 8.8 m). It was abandoned by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1950.
 The Arlington Apartments are located in Waukesha Wisconsin It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Sunnyside Farm Barn near Mandan North Dakota United States is a barn that was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Kadamattom Church is one of the ancient churches in India. The church is situated near to Kolenchery town near Muvattupuzha India.
 The Camera Obscura in San Francisco is a large-scale camera obscura and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located near the Cliff House restaurant perched on the headlands on the cliffs just north of Ocean Beach on the western side of San Francisco California. The Camera and restaurant are currently owned by the National Park Service as part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 2001.
 The Burlington Art Centre founded in 1978 is the seventh largest public art gallery in Ontario. The Centre collects and maintains Canada's largest collection of contemporary Canadian ceramics. It is located on the City of Burlington waterfront in close proximity to Spencer Smith Park. The Centre is a non-profit registered charitable organization that provides free admission to over 100000 visitors each year to exhibitions educational programs studios and other activities.
 Holy Assumption Orthodox Church also known as Church of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary is a Russian Orthodox church in Kenai Kenai Peninsula Borough Alaska USA. The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Château de Bouvées is a ruined castle in the commune of Labrihe in the Gers département of France.The castle was built between 1530 and 1560 by Monseigneur de Saint-Julien bishop of Aire-sur-Adour on the ruins of an earlier structure. At the time of the French Revolution it was sold as a national asset.The building consisted of three wings enclosing an inner courtyard flanked in the corners by round towers.
 Nisbet Homestead Farm also known as the Old Stone House is located near the LaSalle County town of Earlville Illinois. The farm itself is actually in DeKalb County. The homestead is a stone structure the only one in DeKalb County. The stone house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on May 31 1984.
 The Barnes Wallis Building/Wright Robinson Hall is a university building in central Manchester. It forms part of the campus of the former University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology which merged in 2004 with the nearby Victoria University of Manchester.It is unusual in that the two parts of the building have different names and different uses despite the fact that the building is a single structure purpose built by a single architect.
 The Great Mosque of Brussels is the oldest mosque in Brussels. It is located in the Cinquantenaire Park. It is also the seat of the Islamic and Cultural Centre of Belgium.The original building was built by architect Ernest Van Humbeek in an Arabic style to form the Oriental Pavilion of the National Exhibition in Brussels in 1880. At that time the pavilion housed a monumental painting on canvas: “Panorama of Cairo” by the Belgian painter Emile Wauters which enjoyed major success.
 St. Martin's Church (Latvian: Mārtiņa Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 34 Slokas Street.
 The Vista Theater is a theatre located at 218 Iron Street in Negaunee Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Mt. Pleasant Baptist Church is a historic church in Keene Kentucky.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Marconi National Historic Site and the Marconi Wireless Station National Historic Site are two National Historic Sites of Canada located on Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia Canada. Both sites commemorate the efforts of Guglielmo Marconi to transmit transatlantic radio signals between North America and Europe in the first decade of the 20th century. The two sites are located within approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) of one another and are connected by the Marconi Trail.Signal Hill in St.
 Woodford is a historic mansion in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Built in 1756 Woodford is the first of the great opulent late-Georgian mansions to be erected in the Philadelphia area.
 St Margaret's is a Uniting Church Congregation in Hackett Australian Capital Territory Australia. The soaring spire of the church building it shares with Holy Cross Anglican congregation is a major landmark in North Canberra at the intersection of the four suburbs of Watson Dickson Downer and Hackett.The church is home to Meg's Toybox the major toy library for North Canberra and the Stepping Stones for Life disability support organisation.
 The Hotel San Carlos branch in Phoenix Arizona also known as San Carlos Hotel is both an operating hotel and tourist site. It has been associated with ghost sightings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983 as San Carlos Hotel. Hotel San Carlos is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation
 The Smithsonian American Art Museum (commonly called American Art) is a museum in Washington D.C. which has one of the world's largest and most inclusive collections of art from the colonial period to the present made in the United States.
 Tishomingo State Park is located in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains in Tishomingo County Mississippi northeast of Tupelo. The major feature of the park is Bear Creek Canyon and its generous outcrops of Hartselle Sandstone.
 The Grand Pacific Hotel (first known as the Starr Building) is a historic building in Seattle located at 1115-1117 1st Avenue between Spring and Seneca Streets in the city's central business district. The building was constructed in 1890 during the building boom that followed the Great Seattle Fire of 1889. The building had served as a hotel since its construction with the Ye Kenilworth Inn operated by Minnie Hayward on the upper floors in 1893.
 Maidstone Manor Farm also known as William R. Leigh House is a national historic district located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It encompasses a historic farm with three contributing buildings and one contributing site the site of a slave cabin. The manor house is a two story square brick dwelling with a slate covered pyramidal roof. It is three bays wide and two bays deep and features a one bay entrance portico supported by paired Doric order columns.
 Agincourt House No. 1 Agincourt Square Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales is a notable early seventeenth century half-timbered building.
 The Al Manara Tower is a 36-floor tower along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of Al Manara Tower was completed in 2004.
 The James Gamble House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
 Rotheram Mill House also known as Harmony Mills is a historic home located at Newark New Castle County Delaware. The house was built about 1740 as a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay gambrel roofed brick dwelling. Before 1775 the roof was raised to a full three-bay second story with a gable roof. It has a two-story rear kitchen wing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Minster Lovell Priory was a priory in Minster Lovell Oxfordshire England. Its current site is lost though it is thought to have been west of St Kenelm's parish church and Minster Lovell Hall.
 The Center for Jewish History is a partnership in New York City of five Jewish history scholarship and art organizations: American Jewish Historical Society American Sephardi Federation Leo Baeck Institute New York Yeshiva University Museum and YIVO Institute for Jewish Research. It is also an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution.
 The Reverend James Keith Parsonage sometimes simply called the Keith House is a 17th-century church parsonage preserved and maintained by the Old Bridgewater Historical Society (OBHS) in West Bridgewater Massachusetts. According to the OBHS the Keith House was built in 1662 by the proprietors of what was originally called the Duxborough Plantation later called Old Bridgewater purchased from the Indian Chief Massasoit.
 The Cheltenham Masonic Hall is believed to be the second oldest purpose-built Masonic Lodge in England.[citation needed] Grand Lodge in London did not build a purpose built lodge room until 1877. It is one of the few Temples in the country which has continuously been used as a Lodge room for considerably over 100 years.It is also the oldest public building other than ecclesiastical in Cheltenham still used for the purpose for which it was designed.
 The Hallstrom House (also known as the Hallstrom Farmstead) is a historic house in Vero Beach Florida. It is located at 1723 Southwest Old Dixie Highway. Beginning as a 40-acre (160000 m2) pineapple plantation in 1909 the main house was erected by Swedish horticulturist Axel Hallstrom. With help from Norse and Swedish craftsmen the structure was completed in 1918. Later on after Axel moved on to the citrus business he eventually moved out.
 The Daniel Hosmer House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1774 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 Woodland in Huntsville Texas was the residence of Sam Houston from 1847 to 1859. The clapboard-over-log house is on the grounds of Sam Houston State University and is part of the Sam Houston Memorial Museum.
 Beecher-McFadden Estate is a historic estate located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. The estate includes an imposing brick mansion and a large support building set among scenic landscaping. The mansion was originally built about 1875 in a Victorian Gothic style and extensively remodeled in the 1920s in the Tudor Revival style. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story asymmetrical brick building with stone trim Tudor arches and plain balustrades.
 Hermione is a Greek Revival building built in 1855 in Tallulah Louisiana. In April 1862 General Grant's troops landed at Milliken's Bend before the siege of Vicksburg and occupied the Sparta Plantation. During the course of the siege the Hermione House on the Kell Plantation was confiscated and used as a federal hospital joining the fate of so many other plantation homes in the area.
 Penn Presbyterian Medical Center (Presby) is a hospital located in the University City section of West Philadelphia. It is located between Market Street and Powelton Avenue and N. 38th Street and N. Sloan Street.Presbyterian was founded in 1871 by the Alliance of Philadelphia Presbyteries as a 45-bed facility on 2.5 acres (1.0 ha). The Reverend Dr. Ephraim D.
 Rippey Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. It was constructed in 1854 and is an example of a Greek Revival / Italianate style cobblestone domestic architecture. The house consists of a two story main block with a one story side wing and is one of the most elaborate finely crafted cobblestone residences in the Finger Lakes region. The exterior walls are built primarily of small red oval lake washed cobbles.
 The Fifth Street Towers is a complex of two buildings in Minneapolis Minnesota. Fifth Street Towers I was completed in 1987 and is 356 ft (108 m) tall and has 26 floors.
 Kahal Kadosh Shaare Shalom Holy Congregation of the Gates of Peace also known as the United Congregation of Israelites is a historic synagogue in the city of Kingston on the island of Jamaica. Today it stands as the only Jewish house of worship in the entire country.
 Isaac Meason House also known as Mount Braddock is a historic home located in Dunbar Township Fayette County Pennsylvania part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. It was built from 1797 to 1802 and is a seven-part Palladian style 20 room mansion. It is one of only 2 Palladian plan true cut stone mansions in the U.S. the other being Mount Airy in Warsaw Virginia.
 St Columb's Cathedral in the walled city of Derry Northern Ireland is the mother church of the Church of Ireland Diocese of Derry and Raphoe and the parish church of Templemore.It is dedicated to Saint Columba the Irish monk who established a Christian settlement in the area before being exiled from Ireland and introducing Christianity to Scotland and northern England.
 The Charles F. Kettering House is a National Historic Landmark in Kettering Ohio the residence of inventor Charles F. Kettering founder of Delco. The Tudor Revival house also known as Ridgeleigh Terrace was reputed to be[citation needed] the first house in the United States with electric air conditioning. It was designed by the Dayton Ohio firm of Schenck & Williams.
 The John Stickel House is a house located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 CityPlex Towers is a large office space complex located at 81st Street and Lewis Avenue in Tulsa Oklahoma. The facility was constructed by Oral Roberts University as City of Faith Medical and Research Center and meant to be a major charismatic Christian hospital. The complex is now mostly office space.
 The Bell Telephone Building (French: Édifice Bell) is a neoclassical office building in Montreal Quebec Canada. It was constructed with a steel frame between 1927 and 1929. It has 22 floors and is 96 m (315 ft) tall. It once contained the head office for the Bell Telephone Company.The Bell Telephone Building has 237782 sq ft (22090.7 m2) of class B office space. It was renovated in 1980.
 Vani Vilas Women and Children Hospital is a government run hospital in Bangalore Karnataka India. It is attached to the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute.It was built in 1935 at a cost of 4lakhs. It was renovated in 2002 at a cost of 4.2 crores.In 2000 it was selected as one of the 11 AIDS control centres in India and the sole one in Karnataka.
 St. Dominic's Catholic Church is a historic church on Main Street in Springfield Kentucky.The Romanesque building was constructed in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Caerwys Rectory is a late Georgian house in Caerwys Flintshire in northeast Wales. It is a listed building. It is a 3-bay house of 2 storeys with an attic. In the 1920s a verandah and bay windows were added. Caerwys Rectory was the birthplace of the antiquary Angharad Llwyd (1780-1866) daughter of the rector John Llwyd (1733-93).
 The Monheim Town Hall (German Monheimer Rathaus) is a historical building in Monheim Bavaria southern Germany now owned by the city's council.The building constructed from 1714 to 1720 for a rich Jewish merchant the Court Jew Abraham Elias Model is most notable for its ceilings displaying motifs from the Old Testament or Tanakh which were restored in 1978 and 1994 respectively.
 Leland Castle (also known as Castle View) is a 19th-century Gothic revival castle located on the campus of the College of New Rochelle in New Rochelle New York. The castle was originally the residence of Simeon Leland a wealthy New York City hotel proprietor. Mr. Leland began to assemble an estate as early as 1848 and in 1855 began the erection of a palatial mansion of sixty rooms. The home was designed by New York City architect William Thomas Beers.
 Ledaal is the official residence of the King of Norway in Stavanger.
 The Deptford Mall is a major shopping destination in Deptford Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. It is the seventh largest mall in the state of New Jersey and the largest in the state's South Jersey region. Owned and managed by The Macerich Company it is the county's only indoor regional shopping center. The fully enclosed mall opened in August 1975 with three anchor stores — Sears Bamberger's and Wanamaker's — and 150+ specialty stores.
 Nizam Museum or H.E.H Nizam's Museum is a museum located in Hyderabad at Purani Haveli a palace of the erstwhile Nizams. This museum showcases the gifts that the last Nizam of Hyderabad state Osman Ali Khan Asaf Jah VII received on his silver jubilee celebrations.
 The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay (Chinese: 大口環根德公爵夫人兒童醫院) is a pediatric hospital in Sandy Bay on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.The hospital is the only specialist pediatric hospital in Hong Kong.
 The Carlock Building 1001 – 1013 13th Street Lubbock Texas is an office building designed in the Art Deco style by J. B. Davies & Company of Fort Worth Texas. It was constructed in 1930 as a cotton exchange for J. D. Doughty and J. B. Kerby. The building reflected the importance of cotton in the region and the growth of peripheral industries. Cotton merchandising firms headed by Charles Paul Carlock and Watson have continuously occupied this building since its construction.
 Barto Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Washington Township in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a single span 82-foot-long (25 m) concrete barrel arch bridge constructed in 1908. It crosses a tributary of Perkiomen Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Weiskittel-Roehle Burial Vault is a historic burial vault located in Section P Loudon Park Cemetery Baltimore Maryland. It is a rectangular structure made of cast iron built into the side of a hill constructed to look like ashlar masonry and painted gray. It was made as the tomb of Anton W. Weiskittel who died in 1884 a Baltimore iron founder.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Virginia Bank and Trust Building also known as the Auslew Gallery Building is a historic bank building located at Norfolk Virginia. It was designed by the noted architectural firm of Wyatt & Nolting and built in 1908-1909. It is a four-story Beaux Arts style building. It features Doric order and Ionic order engaged columns and pilasters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Cornelius Carman House is located along River Road South in Chelsea New York United States. It is a wooden house built in the 1830s overlooking the Hudson River for Carman operator of a local shipyard and inventor of a moveable centerboard.Its architecture exemplifies a late vernacular application of the Federal style common in western Dutchess County at that time showing the transition to the Greek Revival mode and both Dutch and English influences.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 3rd and Elm Streets in Hope Arkansas.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 MRT Center is a building in Skopje Macedonia. At a height of 70 m (230 ft) it is the tallest building in the country. Constructed in 1984 the MRT Center is completely owned by Macedonian Radio-Television as its headquarters. Upon completion of the 130 m (427 ft) Cevahir Towers the MRT Center will no longer be the country's tallest building.
 Maesmawr Hall is a historical Tudor manor house to the southeast of Caersws Powys Wales. It was built in 1535 and is currently run as a hotel. A long avenue approaches the property at the front.
 Carrefour du Nord is a regional shopping mall in Saint-Jérôme Quebec Canada. It opened in 1976 with Sears Steinberg's Dominion Kmart and 76 stores. It was enlarged in 1987 1994 and 2003. It has always been a Westcliff property. As of 2012 Carefour du Nord has 121 stores and its floor area is 601684 sq ft (55898.3 m2).
 Mount Pleasant is a historic mansion in Philadelphia Pennsylvania atop cliffs overlooking the Schuylkill River. It was built about 1761-62 in what was then the countryside outside of the city by John Mcpherson and his wife Margaret. Macpherson was a privateer or perhaps a pirate who had had an arm twice shot off according to John Adams.
 The Dr. Kuno Struck House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The house was designed by the Davenport architectural firm of Clausen & Kruse in the Tudor Revival style. It was built in 1911. The house became a part of the Marycrest College campus when it was organized in the 1930s. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1996.
 Primitive Hall is a brick house built in 1738 in rural Chester County Pennsylvania United States by Joseph Pennock. The house was occupied by his descendants until 1960 when it was donated to and restored by a foundation controlled by his descendants. The house was listed by the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 North Creek Railroad Station Complex is a historic railroad station complex located at North Creek Warren County New York. The complex consists of the railroad station the freight house round house turntable old stationand horse barn. The station was built in 1874 and is a simple rectangular gable roofed building with a broad overhanging strut-supported roof in the Stick-Eastlake style. The original station was built in 1871.
 The Grundy is an art gallery located in Blackpool Lancashire England. It's eclectic programme consists of regional historic to recent contemporary art exhibitions. Opened in 1911 it is owned and operated by Blackpool Council.It is a Grade II listed Edwardian building. Together with the adjoining Central library it was listed on 20 October 1983.
 The Pontotoc County Courthouse is a Late 19th and 20th Century Revival architectural style building located at the corner of 13th Street and Broadway Avenue in Ada Oklahoma. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The county built the structure in 1926. In 2011 the courthouse underwent extensive remodelling.
 Timothy Corey House No. 1 is a historic house at 808 Washington Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Citigroup Center (formerly Citicorp Center and now known as 601 Lexington Avenue) is one of the ten tallest skyscrapers in New York City located at 53rd Street between Lexington Avenue and Third Avenue in midtown Manhattan. The 59-floor 915-foot (279-m) building contains 1.3 million square feet (120000 m²) of office space and is one of the most distinctive and imposing in New York's skyline thanks to a 45° angled top and a unique stilt-style base.
 Château de Segonzac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Cibona Tower in a high-rise building located in the center of Zagreb Croatia on Dražen Petrović Square 3 near the Savska and Kranjčevićeva street intersection.
 The Zabriskie Gallery was started in New York City by Virginia Zabriskie in 1954.
 The L. V. Hightower Unit (HI) or Hightower Unit is a prison in Texas United States within the Texas Department of Corrections system. It is located in Liberty County near Dayton Texas. It is named for Lockhart V. Hightower former sheriff and county clerk of Liberty County.
 The Mondrian Hotel is the name of three boutique hotels owned and/or operated by the Morgans Hotel Group.
 Apollo Hospital Bangalore is a major privately owned multi-specialty hospital in Bangalore India. It was founded in 2007 by Apollo Hospitals a private healthcare provider in Asia.
 Fresh Pond-Traffic Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 197 contributing buildings built between 1914 and 1921. They consist mainly of brick two story row houses with one apartment per floor.
 SunAmerica Center (formerly called the AIG–SunAmerica Center) is a 39-storey 533-foot (162 m) skyscraper in Century City Los Angeles California. The tower was completed in 1990 and has 39 floors. Designed by Johnson Fain It is the 18th tallest building in Los Angeles and the 3rd tallest building in Century City.
 The Black Theater of Ardmore is a historic theater building in Ardmore Oklahoma United States. It was built in 1922 during a time of racial segregation when Ardmore's community of more than 2000 African American residents had its own business district and its own residential area. The theater provided entertainment for black residents who were excluded from patronizing white theaters. It is also a symbol to the once-thriving black business district of Ardmore.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church of Parksville also known as Parksville United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church at 10 Short Avenue in Parksville Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1898 and is a small L shaped wood frame building with clapboard siding. It features an entrance tower surmounted by a small spire. Also on the property is the Parksville cemetery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Carr's Hill also known as the University of Virginia President's House is a historic home located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. Carr's Hill was built in 1906 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Colonial Revival style. It features a prominent double-height pedimented portico in the Doric order a slate covered hipped roof and two tall chimneys. It was designed by the prominent architectural firm of McKim Mead & White.
 The Orson Rogers House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in the McHenry County Illinois city of Marengo. The property consists of several outbuildings currently and in the past as well those buildings are and were mostly agriculture related.
 Kington St. Michael Priory was a Benedictine Priory of nuns at Kington St Michael in Wiltshire England. The last Prioress of Kington was Dame Marie Denys a daughter of Sir William Denys (1470–1535) of Dyrham Gloucestershire and Lady Ann Berkeley da. of Maurice de jure 3rd Baron Berkeley (d.1506). She had previously been a nun at Lacock Abbey and had just taken up her new appointment at the start of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
 The American Telephone & Telegraph Company Building located in Denmark a city in Bamberg County South Carolina was built in 1922.The Georgian Revival building offers a number of impressive architectural features. It is a noteworthy example of the important role that telecommunications played in the early 20th century development of the South Carolina Lowcountry. The site was listed in the National Register July 8 1999.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Big Spring (FCI Big Spring) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has a satellite prison camp which houses minimum-security male offenders.FCI Big Spring is located in the city of Big Spring Texas midway between Dallas and El Paso.
 The Anthony Zemaitis Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 35 Dartmouth Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1914 the house is a well-preserved local example of Colonial Revival styling. It has bands of decorative shingling between the levels brackets in the extended eaves and a three-level porch supported by square posts.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Greatham Church (the dedication is unrecorded) is the Anglican parish church of the hamlet of Greatham in the district of Horsham one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. The tiny single-room building has been described variously as delightful and one of the most appealing churches in Sussex. The unrestored 12th-century stone church serves a rural area near the River Arun and sits apart from the hamlet next to the ancient manor house.
 The Northern Lights Cathedral - Alta Church (Norwegian: Nordlyskatedralen - Alta Kirke) is a the main parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the central part of the town of Alta. The church is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.
 The Knickerbocker Apartments are located at 501-535 Knickerbocker Place in Kansas City Missouri. The Late 19th and 20th Century Revival style building was designed by Leon Grant Middaugh and J.A. Rose and was built in 1909. It is significant for its architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Neuschwanstein Castle (German: Schloss Neuschwanstein pronounced [nɔʏˈʃvaːnʃtaɪn] English: New Swanstone Castle) is a nineteenth-century Romanesque Revival palace on a rugged hill above the village of Hohenschwangau near Füssen in southwest Bavaria Germany. The palace was commissioned by Ludwig II of Bavaria as a retreat and as a homage to Richard Wagner.
 The Mercer West Tower is a 30-story 401 ft (122 m) high-rise condominium building located on Sage Street in the uptown district of Houston Texas United States. The building is the first of two towers that are part of the Mercer Towers complex. The tower is the 45th tallest building in the city.
 The Anand Bhavan is a historic house museum in Allahabad India focusing on the Nehru-Gandhi Family. It was constructed by Indian political leader Motilal Nehru in the 1930s to serve as the residence of the Nehru family when the original mansion Swaraj Bhavan (previously called Anand Bhavan) was transformed into the local headquarters of the Indian National Congress.
 The William Marshall Anderson House is a historic house in Circleville Ohio United States. Built in 1865 as the home of William Marshall Anderson the house has been ranked as a leading example of Gothic Revival architecture. Walls of brick and wood covered with an asphalt roof are decorated with many features of this style including ornate wooden trim and ogive windows.
 The Jenkins Music Company Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 HM Prison Aberdeen (formerly known as Craiginches) was a medium-security prison located in the city of Aberdeen Scotland. The prison is managed by the Scottish Prison Service. Known as one of the most overcrowded prisons in Scotland it has a design capacity of 155 and is contracted to hold up to 230 prisoners. However on the first day of an inspection in January 2009 it held 264 prisoners.
 The Selma Rosenwald School is a historic school building just south of US Route 278 on the Selma-Collins Road in Selma Arkansas. Built in 1924 with funds provided by philanthropist Julius Rosenwald it is the only surviving Rosenwald School in Drew County. It is a single story wood frame building with two classrooms. The building was used as a school serving grades 1 through 10 until 1964.
 The Union Street Historic District extends along a section of that street in Schenectady New York United States. Covering roughly two miles (3.2 km) of both sides of the street it includes 184 buildings in its 65 acres (26 ha).Over the course of the 19th century the city's development followed Union one of the major through roads to the east as it industrialized and expanded out of its colonial core on the banks of the Mohawk River.
 Howard Mansion and Carriage House is a historic mansion and carriage house located at Hyde Park in Dutchess County New York. It was designed by noted architect Charles Follen McKim (1847-1909) and built in 1896. It is a two-story six-bay eclectic dwelling built of uncoursed fieldstone. It is rectangular in plan and has a wood shingled roof with overhanging twin gables. The front entrance is a Dutch door and features a portico supported by two square bracketed columns.
 Cheadle Lower Mill often called Cheadle Bleachworks and now renamed The Bleachworks is a former mill in Cheadle Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ854890). A mill has been on the site since the 12th Century originally used as a water powered corn mill. It was later converted to chemical plant owned by Thor Chemicals and produced chlorine bleaching agents for use in the dye industry in Manchester at the time.
 The Jeddah TV Tower in Jeddah Saudi Arabia is a 250 metres (820 ft) high television tower with an observation deck. The tower was completed in 2006.
 All Saints Church Harthill is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Harthill Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. As of 2010 the church is being converted into a community facility for the village and locality.
 The Airtight Bridge is a steel bridge spanning the Embarras River in Coles County Illinois in the United States 8 miles (13 km) north of Charleston Illinois. The bridge is a Pratt through truss bridge with a steel structure a wooden deck and concrete piers. The bridge was built in 1914 by the Decatur Bridge Company and designed by engineer Claude L. James.
 SPIC building Chennai is one of the oldest skyscrapers of the city. Earlier it was popularly known as twin towers of Chennai. The main building has 10 floors and Annexe building has 8 floors. It houses the headquarters of Southern Petrochemical Industries Corp. Ltd. a joint venture between the MA Chidambaram Group and the Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corp. Ltd (TIDCO). It is one of the Asia's largest fertilizer factories located in southern part of India.
 Oxford House is a building on the University of North Dakota campus in Grand Forks North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.When it was built in 1902 it was considered one of the most fashionable houses in the Northwest.It was designed by architect Joseph Bell DeRemer in Colonial Revival style.
 Marsh Hall historically known as the Othniel C. Marsh House is a historic house at 360 Prospect Street on Prospect Hill in New Haven Connecticut. The property which includes the house and a 6.8 acres (2.8 ha) area was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.The four-story brownstone house was built in 1878 It was designed by J. Cleaveland Cady as the residence of Yale professor and paleontologist Othniel Marsh. Marsh left his estate to the university in 1899.
 The Laura Gale House also known as the Mrs. Thomas H. Gale House is a home in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The house was designed by master architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1909. It is located within the boundaries of the Frank Lloyd Wright-Prairie School of Architecture Historic District and has been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places since March 5 1970.
 First Presbyterian Church of Avon is a historic Presbyterian church located at East Avon in Livingston County New York. It is a three- by six-bay Federal style brick building approximately 46 feet by 60 feet. The center of the principal elevation features a three story bell tower surmounted by a six sided broached spire. Construction of the building started in 1812 and it was dedicated in 1827.
 Hotel Bringué is a countryhouse hotel in El Serrat Ordino parish Andorra. The hotel contains 110 rooms and its restaurant with a total capacity of 250 persons has views of the Valira North waterfalls.
 The Murray Hotel originally named the Elite Hotel is an historic hotel in Livingston Montana United States. The original two story hotel was built at the corner of Park and Second St. in 1904 by Josephine Kline to accommodate passengers from the Northern Pacific Railway. The Elite was one of thirteen hotels built in downtown Livingston between 1884 and 1914 to service railroad travelers. Its construction was financed by the family of a future U.S. Senator from Montana James E. Murray.
 The Mall at Robinson is a two-level enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just off the Parkway West (I-376) and PA Route 60 in Robinson Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania five minutes east of the Pittsburgh International Airport and 15 minutes from downtown Pittsburgh. Opened in October 2001 it consists of 872000 square feet (81000 m2) of retail space and sits on over 200 acres (0.81 km2).
 Sackville Memorial Hospital is a Canadian hospital located in the town of Sackville New Brunswick.It is operated by Horizon Health Network.It is an acute care community hospital and provides services to the following area of Westmorland County: Sackville Parish (Sackville and surrounding areas) Dorchester Parish (Dorchester and surrounding areas) Botsford Parish (Port Elgin and surrounding areas)
 El Fureidis (Little Paradise or Pleasure Gardens) is a 10000-square-foot (930 m2) historic estate built in 1906 on 10 acres in Montecito California.
 The John Brett Richeson House in Maysville Kentucky was built in 1832 and purchased by John Richeson an educator from Charlottesville Virginia for his wife Mildred Richeson and their eight children.
 The Highland School is a historic school building at 64 Middlesex Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. The two story brick and concrete Renaissance Revival building was designed by architect Horace G. Wadlin and built in 1896-97. The building served the town's public school needs until 1981.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Sabbatsbergs sjukhus (English:Sabbath Mountain hospital) is a hospital in Vasastan Stockholm. It was opened in 1879.In 1986 Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme was pronounced dead at 00:06 CET on March 1 at Sabbatsbergs Hospital after having been shot in the street earlier that night.The emergency clinic at Sabbatsberg closed in 1994.
 Tour Gan is an office skyscraper located in La Défense the high-rise business district situated west of Paris France. It was designed by celebrated American architect Max Abramovitz.Built from 1972 to 1974 the tower is 179 m (587 ft) tall at roof height. However it reaches 187 m (614 ft) once including the antenna located on the roof. It is the fourth-tallest skyscraper in La Défense after Tour First Tour Total and Tour Areva.
 Pierre is a French cuisine restaurant situated on the 25th floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel in Hong Kong which opened in October 2006 after a major renovation to the hotel. It is owned by Chef Pierre Gagnaire. It replaced Vong's (1997-2005) which replaced Pierrot (1979-1997) a classic French Restaurant.
 Kokomo Country Club is a private country club in Kokomo Indiana. The club was established on June 13 1904 to provide a course for local golf enthusiasts. The course was the home course of Indiana Golf Hall of Fame Member Robert Resner. The course was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 20 2006.
 Arvfurstens palats (Swedish for The Hereditary Prince's Palace) is a palace located at Gustav Adolfs Torg in central Stockholm.Designed by Erik Palmstedt the palace was originally the private residence of Princess Sophia Albertina. It was built 1783-1794 and declared a historical monument (byggnadsminne) in 1935 and subsequently restored by Ivar Tengbom in 1948-52.
 Letchworth State Park is a New York state park located 35 miles (56 km) southwest of Rochester and 60 miles (95 km) southeast of Buffalo in Livingston (towns of Leicester Mount Morris and Portage) and Wyoming (towns of Castile and Genesee Falls) counties.
 The Fukuromachi Elementary School Peace Museum (袋町小学校平和資料館 Fukuromachi Shogakkou Heiwa Shiryokan) is a peace museum in Fukuromachi Naka-ku Hiroshima Japan. The school was one of the closest schools to ground zero when the atomic bomb fell on August 6 1945. They lost about 160 students and teachers and the building was heavily damaged. After a few days the school became a first aid station and its black burned wall became a message board to find missing people.
 St. Peter's Church in the Great Valley is a historic Episcopal church located near Phoenixville East Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The current stone church building was constructed in 1744 to replace an earlier wooden building. The original building was a stone structure with a medium pitched gable roof measuring 47 feet by 28 feet. A two-story addition was built in 1856 and the 1 1/2-story Parish House added in 1901.
 The Cube is a pop-up restaurant created by Electrolux. Since 2011 two versions of the restaurant have been located in different cities in Europe where a number of guest celebrity chefs have brought teams and dishes from their own restaurants to cook in the spaces.
 The Federal Prison Camp Alderson (FPC Alderson) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for female inmates in West Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FPC Alderson is located in two West Virginia counties near the town of Alderson. A portion of the prison is located in unincorporated Monroe County while the other portion of the prison including the dormitories lies in unincorporated Summers County.
 Temple-Webster-Stoner House also known as the Little House on Broad Run and Old Mill House is a historic home located in West Bradford Township Chester County Pennsylvania. A datestone suggests the house was built in 1714 but may have been built at the time of the mill about 1730. It is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone structure. A kitchen wing was added about 1800. Now used as a Unitarian Retreat.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Citadel of Besançon in Franche-Comté France is one of the finest masterpieces of military architecture designed by Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban. The Citadel occupies eleven hectares on Mount Saint-Etienne one of the seven hills that protect Besançon the capital of Franche-Comté. Mount Saint-Etienne occupies the neck of an oxbow formed by the river Doubs giving the site a strategic importance that Julius Caesar recognised as early as 58 BC.
 The Hyatt Regency Paris Etoile is a skyscraper hotel located near the Porte Maillot in the 17th arrondissement of Paris France. Formerly known as the Hotel Concorde La Fayette it is one of the largest hotels in Paris with 950 rooms and is part of the Palais des Congrès one of the city's convention centers. The tower is the third-tallest inside the city of Paris (which does not contain the La Défense business district).
 Henderson Hall is a building on the campus of Culver-Stockton College in Canton Lewis County Missouri. It is the oldest building on the campus. with elements dating back to 1853. At that time Culver-Stockton College was known as Christian University the first co-educational institution of higher learning west of the Mississippi River. The building was named to honor D. Pat Henderson one of the college founders. Henderson Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Saint James Second Street Baptist Church is a historic church at 210 Harding Street in Fort Worth Texas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Joseph Mallet House is located in the Cork Hill neighborhood of Davenport Iowa United States and is across the street from Sacred Heart Cathedral. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 St. Ermin's Hotel is a four-star central London hotel adjacent to St James's Park underground station close to Westminster Abbey Buckingham Palace and the Houses of Parliament. The Grade II-listed late Victorian building built as one of the early mansion blocks in the city is thought to be named after an ancient monastery reputed to have occupied the site pre-10th century.
 Mäntyniemi (Talludden in Swedish) is one of the three official residences of the President of Finland besides the Presidential Palace and Kultaranta. Mäntyniemi was finished in 1993. Four Finnish presidents have lived there: Mauno Koivisto Martti Ahtisaari Tarja Halonen and the incumbent Sauli Niinistö.
 The Lad in the Lane is a public house located in the Bromford area of Erdington in Birmingham England. Dating to the year 1400 it is considered to be the oldest house and pub in the city although The Old Crown in Digbeth claims to date from 1368 a date which is yet to be confirmed. Prior to the dating of the building New Shipton Barn in Walmley was considered to be the oldest building in Birmingham dating to around 1425.
 Weberstown Mall is one of two shopping malls in Stockton California. It is next to Sherwood Mall. Opened in 1966 it features J. C. Penney Sears Dillard's Barnes & Noble and Old Navy. It is managed by Glimcher Realty Trust.
 Milad Hospital is the largest specialized and subspecialized hospital in Iran. This hospital is a complementary health service provider in Iran's Social Security organization (SSO) chain of hospitals. Milad hospital currently employs more than 5600 specialists and subspecialists of various fields.
 The Leo Ellis Post #22 American Legion Building at 804 Grant St. was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 26 1996. It served historically as a meeting hall.
 The Confederate Monument in Harrodsburg located at the entrance to Spring Hill Cemetery in Harrodsburg Kentucky is a statue listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It depicts a life-sized older Confederate cavalryman standing ready.The monument depicts Captain Gabe S. Alexander who served in John Hunt Morgan's 2nd Kentucky Cavalry. The pedestal has an engraved Southern Cross of Saint Andrew commonly called the Confederate battle flag on its front.
 The Tannler–Armstrong House is a historic residence in Portland Oregon United States. The 1924 house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 McAllister House in Seiling Oklahoma was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Svalbard Global Seed Vault (Norwegian: Svalbard globale frøhvelv) is a secure seedbank on the Norwegian island of Spitsbergen near Longyearbyen in the remote Arctic Svalbard archipelago about 1300 kilometres (810 mi) from the North Pole.
 Victory World Church is a multi-cultural non-denominational Christian megachurch located in Norcross Georgia. Founded in 1990 Pastors Dennis and Colleen Rouse held the first service in their small apartment home with just six people. Today Victory's main campus in Norcross welcomes more than 8500 people from over 100 nations each weekend.
 Jenisch House (Jenisch-Haus) is a country house in Hamburg built in the 19th century and an example of Hanseatic lifestyle and neoclassical architecture. As of 2008 Jenisch House is the home of the Museum für Kunst und Kultur an der Elbe.
 Buena Vista is a historic home located at New Castle New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1845 and 1847 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It has a service wing and a long wing designed by noted architect R. Brognard Okie containing a long hall and library. It features a full width verandah supported by Doric order columns. It was the home of U.S. Senator and Secretary of State John M. Clayton (1796-1856) and U.S.
 The Potters National Bank was organized in July 1881 in East Liverpool Ohio. The first location was in a room on Second Street. The bank was successful and the directors soon purchased property at Broadway and Fourth streets where they built a two-story brick and stone building. The building was occupied by the bank in March 1901. This building housed the bank for nearly 25 years.In 1924 the original building was torn down and the bank built and occupied a new larger building.
 The New York State Capitol is the capitol building of the U.S. state of New York. Housing the New York State Legislature it is located in the state capital city Albany on State Street in Capitol Park.
 Liberty Center Mall is the fifth shopping mall in Bucharest Romania. Opened in 2008 the construction site was an uncompleted hunger circus abandoned after the fall of the Communist system.Liberty Center Mall features a 3D Cinema and an indoor ice rink. It is located on 151-171 Progresului Road near the intersection with Rahova street.
 The Arsenal Project of Watertown (formerly known as Arsenal Mall) is a small enclosed shopping mall located at 500 Arsenal Street in Watertown Massachusetts. Its anchor stores include The Home Depot Marshalls Forever 21 Old Navy Golf Town and Sports Authority. The mall managed by Wilder Companies features 56 stores and a food court.
 Gadebridge Roman Villa is a ruined Roman villa in Hemel Hempstead Hertfordshire England. A chance discovery in 1962 it was excavated in 1963-68 under the direction of David S. Neal. A second excavation took place in 2000 also under the direction of Dr Neal.The site may have began as a pre Roman farm but after the Roman invasion of AD43 its proximity to the Roman city of Verulamium seems to have precipitated its development into a sort of spa and resort. From the Antonine Period c.
 John Mark Verdier House also known as Lafayette Building is a building in Beaufort South Carolina. It was built by John Mark Verdier a French Huguenot in 1795.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It may be a contributing property in the Beaufort Historic District which is a National Historic Landmark.The house is owned and operated by the Historic Beaufort Foundation as a historic house museum.
 University Unitarian Church was designed by Seattle architect Paul Hayden Kirk in 1959. The church is located in the Wedgwood Seattle neighborhood at the corner of 35th Avenue NE and 68th Street. The building is approximately a mile and half Northeast of the University of Washington Campus and sits across from the Northwest Branch of the Seattle Public Library.
 The Newtown-Stephensburg Historic District is located in the central section of Stephens City Virginia along U.S. Route 11 from the far northern to the far southern boundaries of the town and from just east of Green Hill Cemetery to just west of the interchange of State Route 277 and Interstate 81.It is a 65-acre (26 ha) historic district that includes 143 contributing buildings and 4 additional contributing sites.
 The County Gaol situated in North Parade Monmouth Wales was Monmouthshire's main prison when it was opened in 1790. A castellated mediaeval fortress it served as the county jail of Monmouthshire and criminals or those who fell foul of the authorities were hanged here until the 1850s and some 3000 people viewed the last hanging. The jail covered an area of about an acre with a chapel infirmary living quarters and a treadmill. It was closed in 1869.
 The Museum of Classic Chicago Television (also known as FuzzyMemories.TV) is an online museum dedicated to the preservation of Chicago television broadcasts. Most of the museum's footage originates from airchecks of local Chicago channels (and to a lesser extent other cities) that were recorded primarily in the 1970s and 1980s.
 One Astor Plaza is a 745 ft (227 m) high skyscraper in Times Square in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Completed in 1972 the building is 54 stories tall and was designed by Der Scutt of Ely J. Kahn & Jacobs. Originally known as the W. T. Grant Building as headquarters of the eponymous now-defunct retailer it is currently the headquarters for Viacom and houses the MTV Studios Minskoff Theatre Best Buy Theater and some retail outlets.
 Bronck House also known as Pieter Bronck House is a Dutch homestead house in Coxsackie in Greene County New York that was constructed in 1663 and added to later. It is the oldest structure in upstate New York and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1967.A stone house was built first by Pieter Bronck a relative of Jonas Bronck for whom the Bronx was named who bought the property from native Americans.
 Novant Health Presbyterian Medical Center is a 654-bed hospital in Charlotte North Carolina. It is the largest hospital in the Charlotte area operated by Novant Health a private non-profit regional medical system in the Carolinas and Virginia.
 Butcher Hill Historic District is a national historic district located near Beverly Randolph County West Virginia. It encompasses one contributing building one contributing site and one contributing structure. It consists of the Butcher Hill home a V-shaped trench from the American Civil War in front of the house at the edge of a drop and the Butcher Cemetery. The house is a two-story frame dwelling with a hipped roof and rounded turrets in the Queen Anne style.
 Radisson Montevideo Victoria Plaza Hotel is a hotel located on the central Plaza Independencia in the Old City of Montevideo Uruguay operated by Radisson. The Radisson Montevideo has 232 rooms and contains a casino and is served by the Restaurante Arcadia on the 25th floor.
 The Washoe County Library-Sparks Branch at a prominent corner location at 814 Victorian St. in Sparks Nevada is a historic building that was designed by Nevada architect Frederick J. DeLongchamps and was built in 1931. Also known as Sparks Justice Court it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It was deemed significant for serving as a unique example of the Mediterranean Revival style in Sparks.
 1800 Club is a residential skyscraper in the Edgewater neighborhood of Miami Florida United States. It was completed in 2007. The building is located east of Biscayne Boulevard and fronts Margaret Pace Park and Biscayne Bay. The building is 423 feet (129 m) tall and contains 40 floors. Floors 1-5 are occupied by retail while floors 6-40 are residential condominiums and apartments. The building is located at the corner of North Bayshore Drive and Northeast 18th Street.
 Gates Mills Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as St. Christopher's-by-the-River) is a historic church on Old Mill Road off U.S. 322 in Gates Mills Ohio.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Kyoto Gardens of Honolulu Memorial Park is a cemetery located in the eastern half of the Honolulu Memorial Park 22 Craigside Place Honolulu Hawaii. Its three-tiered Sanju Pagoda the Kinkaku-ji Temple and Mirror Gardens are fine examples of Japanese traditional-style structures and gardens built outside of Japan.
 The Hollywood Melrose Hotel also known previously as the Melrose Arms and later as the Monte Cristo Island Apartments is a historic building on Melrose Boulevard in Hollywood California. Designed by S. Charles Lee the structure was built in 1927. It has been used both as a hotel and apartments over the years of its existence with commercial establishments on the first floor. In 1992 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on its architecture.
 Lancaster Cathedral also known as The Cathedral Church of St Peter and Saint Peter's Cathedral is located in St Peter's Road Lancaster Lancashire England. It was a Roman Catholic parish church until 1924 when it was elevated to the status of a cathedral. It started as a mission church in 1798 and the present church was built on a different site in 1857–59. It was designed by E. G. Paley in the Gothic Revival style.
 Market Mall is a shopping centre located in the Nutana Suburban Centre area on the east side of Saskatoon. Built in the 1960s as Saskatoon's first enclosed shopping centre it has undergone four major expansions since the late 1970s and now houses approximately 90 stores and services anchored by Safeway (a second anchor bay is vacant as of August 2012 following the closure of Zellers).
 Mount Airy also known as the Grandma Moses House and Major James Crawford House is a historic home located at Verona Augusta County Virginia. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story five-bay single-pile brick I-house. It has a rear 1 1/2-story brick ell addition with porch built about 1850. Also on the property are a contributing washhouse (c. 1900) shed (c. 1900) and wagon house (c. 1921).
 Bouwerie is a historic home located at Clermont in Columbia County New York. The house was built in 1762 and is a large two story patterned brick residence with a gambrel roof and rear frame wings. Also on the property are three interconnected barns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mie-ji (美江寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Tendai sect located in Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is also referred to as Mie-ji Kannon (美江寺観音). It is one of the Mino Thirty-three Kannon. The temple houses the Kanshitsu Kannon which is one of Japan's nationally-designated Important Cultural Properties.
 Cathedral Historic District is a 32 acres (13 ha) historic district in Dubuque Iowa USA that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It includes 96 contributing buildings including St. Raphael's Cathedral
 The Zachariah Richardson House is a historic house at 597 Washington Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1818 but may incorporate elements of a schoolhouse built in 1794 which previously stood on that site. The house is significant for its association with the Richardson family the first colonial settlers of the area (arriving in the Washington Street area by 1642).The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Denver City Cable Railway Building on Lawrence Street in Denver Colorado opened in 1889. Originally built to house power and maintenance facilities for Denver's cable car system it now houses a restaurant and office space. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The current owner is Jim Judd.
 Glen O' Dee Hospital is situated in the west end of Banchory Aberdeenshire Scotland. The hospital provides services for the population of Royal Deeside supported by the general practitioners from the local GP practices.
 Arnold Lodge is a medium secure psychiatric hospital situated in Leicester England but being part of Nottinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust. It was opened in July 1983 and an extension with 30 extra beds was opened in 2007.Arnold Lodge receives referrals from courts prisons the probation service social services high secure hospitals and other mental health units for forensic psychiatry assessment and/or treatment.
 James Brown's Dry Goods Store is a historic dry goods store located at Eastville Northampton County Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story three-bay rectangular frame commercial building located in the center of the town's historic main thoroughfare. It measures 32 feet wide by 100 feet deep.
 The Nevada State Capitol is the capitol building of the U.S. state of Nevada. It is located in the state capital of Carson City at 101 North Carson Street. The building was constructed in the Neoclassical Italianate style between 1869 and 1871. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is also Nevada Historical Marker number 25.
 Lane Motor Museum is located in Nashville Tennessee and features a unique collection of mostly European automobiles.
 The Jerome National Bank is a building located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hotel Fauchere and Annex is a historic hotel located at Milford Pike County Pennsylvania. The main building was built in 1880 and is a three-story square wood frame building in the Italianate style. It is six bays wide has a flat roof and a one-story porch. The annex was built in 1905 and was originally a private home. The rectangular Queen Anne style building was purchased in 1907 by the hotel.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Beth Shalom Synagogue is the principal synagogue of Athens Greece. It was built in the 1930s of white Pentelic marble the architecture is an austere Greek Revival style; the building was renovated in 1975.
 Wings Over Miami is a flying aviation museum of historically significant aircraft located at the Kendall-Tamiami Executive Airport in Miami-Dade County Florida United States 13 miles (21 km) southwest of the central business district of Miami.
 The Al-‘Abbās Mosque or Masjid al-‘Abbās (Arabic: مسجد الامام العباس‎) is the mausoleum of ‘Abbās ibn ‘Alī located across from the Imām Husayn Mosque in Karbalā Iraq. ‘Abbās was the brother of Hasan and Husayn and was the flag-bearer for Husayn in the Battle of Karbalā. The distance between the shrines of ‘Abbās and Husayn are the same as the distance between the hills of Al-Safa and Al-Marwah.Environmental effects over the years have caused the Euphrates river to change direction.
 First Congregational Church (also known as Brethren Church or Old Congregational Church) is a historic church at 502 South National Avenue in Fort Scott Kansas.The Gothic Revival church was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 St. Gabriel's Roman Catholic Church is a parish located in the Riverdale section of The Bronx New York. The parish was created in 1939 by Francis Spellman then the Archbishop of New York as the successor to the St. Gabriel’s Church on East 37th Street in Manhattan which was razed in 1937 to accommodate the construction of the Queens-Midtown tunnel.
 The Jacob Sloat House originally called Harmony Hall is located on Liberty Rock Road in Sloatsburg New York United States. Built in the late 1840s it is a wooden house that shows the transition from the waning Greek Revival style to the newer Picturesque and Italianate modes.It was built late in the life of Jacob Sloat a descedant of village founder Stephen Sloat who had made a fortune as a textile merchant earlier in the century.
 Windsor Mills Christ Church Episcopal is a historic church at Wisell Road and U.S. 322 in Windsor Mills Ohio.It as built in 1832 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 The Museum of America (Spanish: Museo de América) in Madrid (Spain) is a National museum that holds artistic archaeological and ethnographic collections from the whole American continent ranging from the Paleolithic period to the present day.As an institution the museum was founded in 1941 and in 1962 all the funds were definitively moved to its current premises.
 The Mosher Farmstead is located at 1016 Sherwood Road in Aurora New York. The farm was established in 1887 when it was purchased by E.W. Mosher and remains in the Mosher family today. It is significant as a largely intact example of a late eighteenth/early nineteenth century farm. Various buildings on the farm especially the large U-shaped barn are also significant architecturally. The entire farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Fort Médoc is a military fort built by Vauban nearby Cussac-Fort-Médoc in Gironde Aquitane France.With the citadel of Blaye its city walls and the Fort Paté the Fort Médoc was listed in 2008 as UNESCO World Heritage Sites as part of the Fortifications of Vauban group.
 Francis Granger House is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story five-bay center hall frame structure in an extensively altered Federal style. It was built in 1817 and was the home of nationally primonent Whig politician Francis Granger until 1827.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Norton Museum of Art is an art museum located in West Palm Beach Florida. Its collection includes over 7000 works with a concentration in European American and Chinese art as well as in contemporary art and photography. In 2003 it overtook the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art in Sarasota as the largest museum in Florida.
 Cumberland Court House Historic District is a national historic district located at Cumberland Cumberland County Virginia. The district encompasses 111 contributing buildings 5 contributing sites and 8 contributing objects in the county seat of Cumberland County Virginia.
 Finney-Lee House is a historic home located near Snow Creek Franklin County Virginia. It was built in 1838-1839 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling. It has a gable roof and exterior end chimneys. The interior features Federal and Greek Revival design details. Also on the property are the contributing front walkway pack house (c. 1930) two tobacco barns (c. 1900) a cemetery and a road trace.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Harriet Beecher Stowe House is a historic home at 63 Federal Street in Brunswick Maine notable as a short-term home of Harriet Beecher Stowe and Calvin Ellis Stowe. Earlier it had been the home of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow as a student. It is today owned by Bowdoin College.
 The Smuggler-Union Hydroelectric Powerplant also known as the Bridal Veil Powerhouse is located next to Bridal Veil Falls on a 4900-foot (1500 m) cliff overlooking Telluride Colorado. It was built to power the Smuggler-Union Mine 2000 feet (610 m) below in 1907 providing alternating current for industrial purposes. It operated in its original configuration until 1953 serving the Idarado Mining Company.
 The Coddington School is a historic school at 26-44 Coddington Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Yamazato is a restaurant housed in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2002–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Yamazato is Masanori Tomikawa.
 The Rosia Water Tanks were large water tanks built at the turn of the nineteenth century at Rosia Bay in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. They were constructed based on the recommendation by Admiral John Jervis 1st Earl of St Vincent that the Victualling Yard complex be relocated to Rosia Bay. The complex allowed Royal Navy vessels to obtain both food and water at one site.
 Frazer United Methodist Church (Frazer UMC) is a United Methodist megachurch located at 6000 Atlanta Highway Montgomery Alabama. It has more than 8000 members with a mission to worship win disciple and serve to the glory of God.
 Calvin Hungarian Presbyterian Church (Hungarian: Ottawai Kálvin Magyar Református Gyülekezet) is a Presbyterian Church in the Gloucester suburb of Ottawa Ontario Canada and is located at 91 Pike Street. It is named after John Calvin an influential French theologian and pastor during the Protestant Reformation.
 The Black Hawk County Soldiers Memorial Hall also known as Veterans Memorial Hall is a Classical Revival veterans hall located at 194 West Fifth Street in downtown Waterloo Black Hawk County Iowa. It was built from 1915 to 1916 by the Grand Army of the Republic as a memorial to soldiers who died in the American Civil War. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 due to its architecture and importance in local history.
 Rider-Hopkins Farm and Olmsted Camp is a historic farm and summer camp located at Sardinia in Erie County New York. It consists of a 188.4-acre (0.762 km2) property containing a Greek Revival style brick farmhouse dating to the 1840s known as the James and Abigail Hopkins House. The property retains its original boundaries as purchased from the Holland Land Company in 1828.
 China Resources Tower (also known as CRC Tower) is a skyscraper located in Pathum Wan district Bangkok Thailand. It is part of the All Seasons Place complex in Bangkok.The building are finished in 2002. It is the tenth tallest building in Thailand as in 2011.
 Kors Church (Norwegian: Kors kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Marstein in the central part of the Romsdalen valley. The church is part of the Kors parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
 The Shuttleworth Collection is an aeronautical and automotive museum located at the Old Warden airfield in Bedfordshire England. It is one of the most prestigious in the world due to the variety of old and well-preserved aircraft.
 The East Leverett Historic District of Leverett Massachusetts encompasses the historic mill village of East Leverett. Centered on the intersection of Cushman Road and Shutesbury Road in the southeastern portion of the rural town it includes predominantly residential buildings that were built during the height of the area's industrial activity in the first four decades of the 18th century. The architecture is mainly Federal and Greek Revival in style.
 The Community Woman’s Club is a historic U.S. building located at 5 Rosa L Jones Drive Cocoa Florida. The Central Church of Christ initially constructed the building circa 1950 and the Community Woman’s Club of Cocoa purchased it on June 8 1966. The address was originally 5 Poinsett Drive but the name of the road changed to Rosa L Jones Drive sometime in the late 2000s. The Brevard Heritage Council placed the building in the Brevard Register of Historic Buildings.
 The White Swan Hotel is a hotel in the middle of the historic market town of Alnwick Northumberland England. The hotel is a 300-year-old coaching inn and is a Grade II listed building. Its most distinctive feature is the Olympic Suite a large room furnished with interior decorations from the RMS Olympic that are substantially identical to those aboard her sister ship the RMS Titanic.
 State-owned Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) Thrissur Bus Station is situated in Kokkalai in the heart of the Thrissur City. The bus station is very near to the Thrissur Railway Station. It runs long distance inter-state and city services. It is a particularly important station because of its strategic location on the major National Highways 17 and 47.
 Veterans Affairs Medical Center (Portland VA) is a 227-bed acute care medical facility in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in 1929 it is located on Marquim Hill adjacent to Oregon Health & Sciences University and is connected to Oregon Health & Science University Hospital via a skybridge. The original hospital was replaced in the 1980s and has a capacity of up-to 478 beds.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is an Episcopal church located in the Bankers Hill district of the city of San Diego California. It is the formal seat of the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Diego. It traces its origins to the first Protestant church in San Diego founded in Old Town in 1853 although the building itself was only completed in 1951.
 The Mirax-Plaza Russia (Russian: Миракс-Плаза Россия) is an unfinished building in Moscow the capital of Russia. It is located in Moscow Kutuzovsky prospect (crossing with Kulnev street). The complex will have a monorail connection crossing the Moskva River to the Federation complex and a parking space for 2950 cars. The construction project was led by the Russian project developers Mirax Group also responsible for the nearby 506 metre-high Federation Tower.
 The Benjamin Nye Homestead is a historic house museum at 85 Old County Road in Sandwich Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built in 1685 by Benjamin Nye and has remained in the hands of his descendants for most of the time since then. It was apparently originally built as a saltbox style house with an integral leanto section with the rear of the house being raise to a full two stories probably in the 19th century.
 Raleigh Road United Church in Raleigh Road Richmond London is a joint congregation of a Methodist Church and a United Reformed Church. The churches formerly known as Kew Road Methodist Church and St. Paul’s Congregational Church have been united since September 1995.
 Drax Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 The Herreshoff Marine Museum located in Bristol Rhode Island USA is a maritime museum dedicated to the history of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company yachting and the America's Cup.
 The Crown King Ranger Station near the top of Crown King Mountain in area of Crown King Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. Known also as Crown King Work Station and as Crown King Administrative Site it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service in Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served as institutional housing and government office space.
 Bruynswick School No. 8 is a former school located on Bruynswick Road (Ulster County Route 7) in the small hamlet of the same name in the northwestern portion of Shawangunk New York United States. It is one of the few remainders of a time when Bruynswick was more populous.The building is on a small lot next to the Shawangunk Valley firehouse on the west side of the road just south of the Gardiner town line. The Shawangunk Ridge dominates the view to the west across mostly open rural land.
 The 1915 Inman Hotel is a former hotel building in Champaign Illinois USA. It is located at the southeast corner of University Avenue and Walnut Street a major intersection in the downtown area of Champaign. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Inman Hotel was listed on the Register in 1989.
 Priya Cinema is a uniplex cinema hall situated in Rashbehari Avenue near Deshapriya Park Kolkata West Bengal India. The management is run by Priya Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. under the leadership of the managing director Arijit Dutta. Kaushik Dasgupta is in charge of Operations and maintenance. This is one of the first cinema halls in eastern India to have features like DTS/ Dolby Theatre system Xenon Christie projector push back seats and QUBE digital projection system.
 Port Augusta Prison is a prison located in Port Augusta South Australia Australia.The prison has facilities for high medium and low security prisoners including protectees and special needs prisoners. With a capacity of 478 male and 7 female inmates the prison is one of only two facilities in the State that provides accommodation for female prisoners and has a significant Indigenous Australian population.
 The Bloomingdale School–Village Hall is a historical building in the Queen Anne Style in Bloomingdale Illinois.
 St. Mary’s Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The church is located in Guttenberg Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary’s Catholic Church Historic District. The district includes all the parish buildings. The parish was established in 1851. The Rev. Joseph Brinkman became pastor in 1889. He designed a new school rectory and the present church which was dedicated in 1904.
 The Old Brick Post Office in Wickenburg Arizona was built in 1912. It served historically as a specialty store and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The F. A. Whitney Carriage Company Complex Historic District is a historic district off 124 Water Street in Leominster Massachusetts. The complex is one of the best-preserved in the city and originally belonged to one of its most successful businesses of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The F. A. Whitney Company manufactured baby carriages and related products and was founded in 1858.
 Haring-Blauvelt House is located in Northvale Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1810 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Flora School at 82744 Church St. in Flora Oregon is a historic Bungalow/craftsman-style former school building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Built in 1915 it was deemed significant for association with education and the community and for its architecture. It is a 52-by-80-foot (16 m × 24 m) building that at the time of its 1996 NRHP nomination had been vacant since 1977 and then had a weathered condition. It was added to the NRHP in 1997.
 The Neilson House is a historic home in Windsor Florida. It is located on CR 234. On June 4 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Cheekwood is a privately funded 55-acre (220000 m2) estate on the western edge of Nashville Tennessee that houses the Cheekwood Botanical Garden and Museum of Art. Formerly the residence of Nashville's Cheek family the 30000-square-foot (2800 m2) Georgian-style mansion was opened as a museum in 1960.
 Aldo Leopold Shack and Farm is a historic site in Baraboo Wisconsin United States that was listed as Aldo Leopold Shack on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2009.The farm was bought by Aldo Leopold a conservationist and writer in the early 1930s. He rehabilitated a chicken coop which he referred to as the Shack for his family to spend weekends in.
 Temple Emanu-El of West Essex in Livingston New Jersey was founded in 1955 and is one of the oldest Reform synagogues in the West Essex section of New Jersey. Emanu-El means God is with us in Hebrew.
 Union Valley Congregational Church also known as Union Valley Community House is a historic Congregational church located at Taylor in Cortland County New York. It was built about 1849 and is a modestly scaled one story meetinghouse building with a mortise and tenon timber frame built on an above grade rubble stone foundation. It is rectangular in shape three bays wide and three bays deep in the Greek Revival style with an overlay of Late Victorian elements.
 St. Rita's Church is a Roman Catholic-parish church governed by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York in Staten Island New York City. There was a St. Rita of Cascia's Church (Bronx New York) established in 1900.
 Founders Tower formerly known as the United Founders Life Tower and The 360 at Founders Plaza is a Googie-style skyscraper located northwest of downtown Oklahoma City in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The tower is one of the most well-known landmarks in the city's skyline. It has a height of 275 feet (84 m) and 20 stories with a revolving restaurant featuring 360-degree panoramic views of Oklahoma City on its top floor.
 The Severs Hotel in Muskogee Oklahoma is one of five skyscraper buildings ranging from five to ten stories tall built in 1910-1912 and included in the Pre-Depression Muskogee Skyscrapers Thematic Resources study. The others are:Baltimore HotelManhattan BuildingRailroad Exchange Building andSurety Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Paul's Church Witherslack is located in the village of Witherslack Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it as an almost perfect example of a plain Gothic church of that date honest and unpretentious.
 The Cottage is a 19th-century plantation complex located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County Maryland. The complex consists of the principal three-part plantation house with its grouping of domestic outbuildings and four tenant farms scattered over 282 acres (114 ha). The plantation house has a 2 1⁄2-story main block constructed in the 1840s with a typical Greek Revival style interior trim and distinctive Italianate cornice brackets.
 Smyrna Town Hall-Opera House is a historic town hall and theater at the hamlet of Smyrna in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1907 and is a modest two story rectangular building under a shallow hipped roof topped by a square wooden cupola. It is of wood frame construction with a yellow brick veneer three bays wide and four bays deep.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 George W. F. Mulliss House also known as Hartwood' is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1929 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story neo-Georgian Revival-style dwelling built of limestone reinforced with steel. It measures 97 feet wide and 39 feet deep and consists of a seven bay central block with wings. Also on the property is a three bay 1 1⁄2-story garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Grey House (Danish: Det Grå Hus) is a listed building in the Carlsberg area of Copenhagen Denmark.
 John P. Jefferson House also known as the Jefferson Tea House and YWCA Residence is a historic home located at Warren Warren County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890 and is a three-story stone and shingled dwelling in a Richardsonian Romanesque style. It features a steep hipped roof four tall chimney stacks a semi-circular turret porch supported by massive stone columns and bay windows.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Museum of Cretan Ethnology is a museum in Voroi in the municipal unit of Tympaki Heraklion regional unit southern Crete Greece. Established as an institution in 1973 the museum was built under the French architect Georges Henri Rivière the creator of the Musée National des Arts et Traditions Populaires of Paris between 1977 and 1982 under sponsorship of the Greek Ministry of Culture and opened formally in 1988.
 All Saints is a church on Jesus Lane in central Cambridge England which was built by the architect G F Bodley. The church was constructed between 1863 and 1870 and as a notable example of the Gothic Revival style and the Arts and Crafts Movement is a Grade I listed building. It is no longer a parish church but has been under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust since 1981.
 The Calvin Coolidge House is a historic house at 19-21 Massasoit Street in Northampton Massachusetts that was home to President of the United States Calvin Coolidge between 1906 and 1930. This period of occupancy coincides with Coolidge's political rise from city council to Governor of Massachusetts then Vice President and President. The house built in 1900-01 is a fairly typical residential house of the time and is not architecturally distinguished.
 The Haverhill Street Milestone is a historic milestone on Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. Located on the east side of the road near 434 Haverhill Street it is a granite slab with a rounded top. It is marked B / 12 / M denoting the distance along what was historically the post road between Boston and Haverhill.The marker was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Deer Park United Church began in 1881 as Deer Park Presbyterian Mission and the first building was constructed on the northwest corner of Yonge Street and St Clair now home of an office tower containing several radio stations including CFRB 99.9 Mix FM and 97.3 EZ Rock. In 1913 a building was erected at 129 St. Clair Avenue West in Toronto. It was one of two United churches in the area and along St. Clair the other being Timothy Eaton Memorial Church (formerly Methodist).
 Bratsberg Church (Norwegian: Bratsberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Bratsberg area southeast of the city of Trondheim and east of Heimdal. The church is part of the Bratsberg parish in the Strinda deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was built in 1850 and was consecrated by the Bishop Hans Jørgen Darre.
 Eastern Parkway is a major boulevard that runs through a portion of the New York City borough of Brooklyn. The road begins at Grand Army Plaza and extends east running parallel to Atlantic Avenue along the crest of the moraine that separates northern from southern Long Island to Ralph Avenue.
 Federal-American National Bank is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Aura Gallery (Chinese: 亦安画廊; pinyin: Yìān Huàláng) is an art gallery in China.
 Downingtown Log House is a historic home located at Downingtown Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1700 and is a 1 1/2-story round log structure measuring 21 feet 9 inches by 25 feet. The log house is owned by the Borough of Downingtown and open to the public.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 This article is about the Douglas County High School in Nevada. For other uses see Douglas County High School (disambiguation)Douglas County High School was the high school serving Douglas County Nevada from 1915 to the mid-1950s when it became a middle school. In 1988 the building was retired from educational uses.
 The Haystack Mountain Tower in Norfolk Connecticut is a stone tower on Haystack Mountain designed by Erick Kennsett Rossiter and Rossiter & Muller.
 The Cullinan (Chinese: 天璽; Jyutping: tin1 saai2) is the name of a residential complex located in Union Square. This prime waterfront residence has glass curtain walls and sweeping views of the Victoria Harbour. The glass facade gives the twin towers a futuristic look matching the design language used on the nearby International Commerce Centre.
 Hotel Equatoria is a hotel in Kampala Uganda. It is a member of the Imperial Hotels Group.
 Church Hill Grange Hall near Hopkinsville Kentucky was built in 1878. It served historically as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Beverley Minster in Beverley East Riding of Yorkshire is a parish church in the Church of England. It is one of the largest parish churches in the UK larger than one third of all English cathedrals and regarded as a gothic masterpiece by many.Originally a collegiate church it was not selected as a bishop's seat during the Dissolution of the Monasteries; nevertheless it survived as a parish church and the chapter house was the only major part of the building to be lost.
 Roscoff Restaurant is a former restaurant that was located in 7-11 Linenhall Street Belfast Northern Ireland. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1991–1998.Restaurant Roscoff was established in 1984 under the name Roscoff. Some years later after the addition of other eateries to the Paul Rankin Group the name was changed to Roscoff Restaurant.In 1991 the Michelin Guide awarded its first Michelin star in Northern Ireland to Paul Rankin.
 Thamrin City in Jakarta Indonesia is a mixed-use complex including a shopping mall 3 apartment towers and town houses on the 10th floor. An Amaris hotel is located in one of the apartments towers. It is located in Central Jakarta. The shopping center is housing many Indonesian Batik clothes shops.
 The Church of All Souls Bolton is a redundant Anglican church located in Astley Street Astley Bridge Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. As of 2010 the church is being converted into a community centre.
 In September 1775 early in the American Revolutionary War Colonel Benedict Arnold led a force of 1100 Continental Army troops on an expedition from Cambridge Massachusetts to the gates of Quebec City. Part of a two-pronged invasion of the British Province of Quebec his expedition passed through the wilderness of what is now Maine.
 Fort Tombecbe (Fort de Tombecbé) also spelled Tombecbee and Tombeché was a stockade fort located on the Tombigbee River near the border of French Louisiana in what is now Sumter County Alabama. It was constructed under the leadership of Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne Sieur de Bienville in 1736-37 as trading post about 270 miles (430 km) upriver from Mobile on an 80-foot (24 m) limestone bluff.
 The Henry H. Huson House and Water Tower in Plymouth Wisconsin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.There is a locally landmarked Victorian house operated as a Bed & Breakfast named Gilbert Huson House which appears to be a different house nearby perhaps adjacent. The history of the Gilbert Huson House mentions: In 1988 the Gilbert Huson House was designated a Sheboygan County Landmark.
 Cockerham Priory was a priory served by Austin Canons in Lancashire England. It was founded in 1207 or 1208 as a cell of the Abbey of St Mary de Pratis (St Mary in the Meadows) in Leicester.
 Philadelphia and Reading Railroad Freight Station is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 14 1979.
 The Krom Stone House at 45 Upper Whitfield Road in the Ulster County Town of Rochester New York United States is one of several houses associated with that family. It was built in the late 18th century. A frame wing added over a century later along with clapboard siding over the original home. In 1995 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Alden B. Dow House and Studio also known as Alden B. Dow Home & Studio in Midland Michigan was the house and studio that were the residence and acknowledged masterpiece of 20th century architect Alden B. Dow. The quality and originality of his work as well as his association with Frank Lloyd Wright have earned him lasting national recognition.Dow built his home and studio between 1937 and 1940 using a patented system known as Unit Blocks.
 The Weavers' Triangle is located on the western side of Burnley town centre in Lancashire. The development of predominantly 19th-century industrial buildings is clustered around the Leeds and Liverpool Canal.
 Westbury College Gatehouse (grid reference ST573775) is a 15th-century gatehouse to the 13th-century College of Priests located in Westbury-on-Trym Bristol England and now a National Trust property. It is a grade I listed building.
 Union Station is a historic railway station located at Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland United States. It was constructed in 1913–14 near the junction where the New York Philadelphia & Norfolk Railroad intersected with the Baltimore Chesapeake and Atlantic Railroad in the center of Salisbury. It has a 1 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick main block covered by a medium-pitched hip roof sheathed in slate with single-story wings.
 For the folly tower in Cumbria see Fox Tower BroughFox Tower is a 27-story 113.39 m (372.0 ft) office skyscraper in downtown Portland Oregon along Broadway between Yamhill and Morrison streets. The tower was completed in 2000 at a cost of $64 million and was named after the Fox Theatre that occupied the site from 1911 until the late 1990s. TVA Architects designed the building and Tom Moyer developed the property.
 The Foundation E.G. Bührle Collection (Stiftung Sammlung E. G. Bührle) was established by the Bührle family in Zürich Switzerland to bring to public viewing Emil Georg Bührle's important collection of European sculptures and paintings. The Foundation's art museum is in a Zurich villa adjoining Bührle's former home.
 The American Bank Note Company Building is a historical building located at 70 Broad Street New York New York (at the corner of Beaver Street near Bowling Green in Financial District Manhattan).
 Blue Heaven Studios is a recording studio located in a gothic-style church in Salina Kansas. The studio is a division of Acoustic Sounds Inc. founded by music entrepreneur Chad Kassem and is the home of a yearly Blues music festival — Blues Masters at the Crossroads.
 The Joseph and Lucy Foster Sexton House in Goleta California was built in 1880. It was designed in Italianate style by architect Peter J. Barber.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1992. The listing includes in addition to the main house one contributing site and four contributing structures on a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) property.
 Al-Kahf Castle or Castle of the Cave (Arabic: قلعة الكهف‎) is a medieval Ismaili castle located around 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Margat in the al-Ansariyah mountains in northwest Syria.
 St Ffinan's Church Llanffinan is a small 19th-century parish church built in the Romanesque revival style in Anglesey north Wales. There has been a church in this area even if not on this precise location since at least 1254 and 19th-century writers state that St Ffinan established the first church here in the 7th century.
 Brandywine Building and Loan Assoc. Rowhouses is a set of six historic rowhouses located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. They were built in 1913 and consists of six two-story two bay rowhouse dwellings. It is constructed of brick and is in the Italianate style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Simpsonville Christian Church is a historic church on US 60 in Simpsonville Kentucky.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Ghent Historic District in New Bern North Carolina is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Akita Museum of Art (秋田県立美術館 平野政吉コレクション Akita Kenritsu Bijutsukan Hirano Masakichi Collection) is an art museum in the city of Akita.The original Akita Prefectural Museum of Art was opened on May 5 1967. The new museum was opened on September 28 2013. The main exhibit is a collection of the works of Tsuguharu Foujita from the collection of the Masakichi Hirano Art Foundation. The museum has two additional galleries for rotating exhibitions.
 Not to be confused with Château de Saint-Élix-SéglanThe Château de Saint-Élix is a 16th-century castle in the commune of Saint-Élix-le-Château in the Haute-Garonne département of France.Built in the 1540s it is privately owned and has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. Of note are the orangery stables walls and pigeon loft.
 Trianon is a 45-storey 186 m (610 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany completed in 1993. It serves as the company headquarters for DekaBank other tenants are Linklaters and Franklin Templeton. Atop the building is an upside-down pyramid suspended from the three corners. The building was sold by DekaBank to Morgan Stanley in 2007 the building was acquired by the Morgan Stanley European Office Fund (MSEOF).
 The Great Northern Elevator is a grain storage facility at 250 Ganson Street in Buffalo New York. The elevator is located along Buffalo's elevator alley and at the time of its completion in 1897 the elevator was the world's largest. The mill was also one of the first to run on electricity.
 Imperial Tobacco Company Building also known as the Marvel Lighting Company Building is a historic tobacco processing facility located at Mullins Marion County South Carolina. It was built between 1908 and 1913 by the Imperial Tobacco Company of Great Britain and Ireland Inc. and at that time it was the largest redrying plant in Mullins.
 Bridge in Reed Township originally known as Wiconisco Canal Aqueduct No. 3 is a historic multi-span stone arch bridge spanning Powell Creek on State Route 147 (River Road) in Reed Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1840 as an aqueduct. The property measures 72 feet (22 m) long by 50 feet (15 m) wide. It is built of red and white coursed ashlar and features a belt course and continuous parapet cap.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Green Burrito is an American fast-food restaurant chain run by CKE Restaurants located mostly in the Western and Southwestern United States and serving fast-food Tex-Mex.Originally Green Burrito was an independent restaurant in Hawaiian Gardens California. Ruben Rodriguez purchased it in 1980 and turned it into a chain whose parent company Santa Barbara Restaurant Group was acquired by CKE in 2001.CKE's policy has been to add Green Burrito dual-branding to many of their Carl's Jr.
 Mignot Memorial Hospital is the principal hospital in Alderney Channel Islands. It is located in the northern part of St. Anne and operates as part of the States of Guernsey Health and Social Services Department. The hospital was established in 2008 and has 22 beds serving Alderney’s population of 2300. 14 beds are used for continuing care; 8 of the beds are used for medical post-operative maternity or paediatric care.
 The Pattumala Matha Church (Malayalam: പട്ടുമല വേളാങ്കണ്ണിമാതാ പള്ളി) is a Roman Catholic church in Kerala dedicated to Our Lady of Good Health. It is served by the Congregation of the Missionary Brothers of St. Francis (CMSF). The church is built entirely of granite is a Marian pilgrim centre. It is situated in the midst of tea plantations. The name Pattumala means Hill draped in silk. It is located 17 km from Peermade and 27 km from Thekkady.
 The Church of Santa Maria dei Servi formally known as the Church of San Clemente is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Siena Tuscany Italy. The church is built on the site of the former Church of San Clement which was acquired by the Servite order in the Medieval era. The original Basilica was built in the 13th century but later underwent reconstruction and transformation which continued until the 15th-16th century.
 Congregation Beth Elohim (Hebrew: בֵּית אֱלֹהִים) also known as the Garfield Temple and the Eighth Avenue Temple is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 274 Garfield Place and Eighth Avenue in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City United States.Founded in 1861 as a more liberal breakaway from Congregation Baith Israel for the first 65 years it attempted four mergers with other congregations including three with Baith Israel all of which failed.
 St Mark's Church Blackburn is in Buncer Lane in the former parish of Witton Blackburn Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Originally a separate parish in 2005 it combined with the parish of St Luke with St Philip to form the Parish of Christ the King. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Mohatta Palace is located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan. It was built by Shivratan Chandraratan Mohatta a Hindu businessman from Marwar region in modern day Rajasthan in India as his summer home in 1927. The architect of the palace was Agha Ahmed Hussain. However Mohatta could enjoy this building for only about two decades before the independence after which he left Karachi for India.
 The Palace Pier is the site of Palace Place and Palace Pier two cruciform condominium towers tied for the 45th-tallest building in Toronto. They are located at 2045 Lake Shore Boulevard West and 1 Palace Pier Court in the Humber Bay neighbourhood.
 Michigan Boulevard Garden Apartments (also known as the Rosenwald) is a large non-governmental subsidized housing project located in the Bronzeville neighborhood of the South Side of Chicago Illinois. It's located at East 47th Street and South Michigan Avenue just one block east of the former Chicago Housing Authority's Robert Taylor Homes site. In total the building is made up of 421 apartments.
 State Theater was a historic theater located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1929 and was a Neoclassical style rectangular brick structure with one of the narrow ends oriented toward the street. The theater occupied most of the building with two small store spaces located at either end of the facade. It was closed near the end of the 1980s and demolished in 1989.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Brooklyn Children's Museum is a general purpose museum in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York City. Founded in 1899 it was the first museum in the United States and some believe the world to cater specifically to children and is unique in its location predominantly a residential area. Housed in a multi-level underground gallery the museum underwent an expansion and renovation to double its space reopened on September 20 2008 and became the first green museum in New York City.
 The Bishop's Eye in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct the Liberty of St Andrew which encloses the twelfth century Cathedral the Bishop's Palace Vicar's Close and the residences of the clergy who serve the cathedral.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church built in 1892 is an historic Episcopal church located at 5 Hale Street in Dover New Hampshire in the United States. On June 7 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Willacy Detention Center is a detention center located on the east side of Route 77 at the edge Raymondville City Willacy County Texas.The facility is within the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Prisons and is managed by the contractor Management & Training Corporation.It was the largest immigrant detention facility in the United States but is now used as a prison for repeat offenders who have been captured while crossing the border illegally.The facility has been subject of numerous media reports and incidents related to illegal conduct of personnel.
 The Laguna Pueblo (Western Keres: Kawaik) is federally recognized Native American tribe of the Pueblo people in west-central New Mexico USA. The name Laguna is Spanish (meaning small lake) and derives from the lake located on their reservation. The real Keresan name of the tribe is Kawaik. The population of the tribe exceeds 7000 enrolled members making it the largest Keresan-speaking tribe.
 Ackerman House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1811 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Stordal Church (Norwegian: Stordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Stordal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stordal. The church is part of the Stordal parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church was built in 1907 to replace the Old Stordal Church located about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) to the east. This church was designed by the architect Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland.
 The Ohio Union is a student union on the campus of Ohio State University in Columbus Ohio United States. The Ohio Union serves as one of two student activity centers at Ohio State; Drake Union is the other student activity center. The Ohio Union provides facilities for student activities organizations and events and serves as a meeting place for campus and community interaction. Many student services and programs are housed in the union along with dining and recreational facilities.
 The J. Kensley House is an historic house located at 342 Chestnut Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The 1 1⁄5 story brick house was built c. 1820 and is an excellent local example of Federal styling. The house has a central chimney and an asymmetrical facade whose center entry retains its original door.On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the J. Kensely House.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist edifice located at 24 North Rosalind Avenue across from Lake Eola in Orlando Florida is an historic church building that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 3 1980. The building is now owned by St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church. First Church of Christ Scientist now holds services at 915 North Ferncreek.
 Albion House (also known as 30 James Street or the White Star Building) is a Grade II* listed building located in Liverpool England. It was constructed between 1896 and 1898 and is positioned on the corner of James Street and The Strand across from the Pier Head.
 Silifke Museum is in Silifke district of Mersin Province Turkey.
 Three Sixty Residences is a 22-storey 82.18 m (269.6 ft) residential skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. It is the fourth tallest building in the city. Originally built to be a condominium tower the vacant Three Sixty was converted to luxury rental apartment units in 2010 after the down-turn in local real estate market.
 The Parker-Hickman Farm includes the oldest standing log structure in Buffalo National River. The farm was homesteaded in the 1840s by settlers from Tennessee. It embodies an agricultural landscape with farmstead extant fields (bench and bottomland) fencerows roads cattle gates garden and orchard plots wooded slopes and springs.
 Mills Memorial Hospital is a medical facility located in Terrace British Columbia with 39 acute care beds. Mills Memorial operates within the North West Regional Hospital District an area in northern British Columbia designated by provincial law for the purposes of funding and operating hospitals in the area.
 Stepping Stones is the historic home of Alcoholics Anonymous co-founder Bill Wilson (Bill W.) and his wife Lois Wilson (Lois W.) co-founder of Al-Anon/Alateen in Bedford Hills New York. It is a Colonial Revival structure built in 1920.The house at 62 Oak Road Katonah New York is on the state and National Register of Historic Places listings in Westchester County New York. It is open for tours by appointment since 1988 after the death of Mrs. Wilson.
 Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Building is Selangor's state secretariat building. It is located at Bukit SUK Section 5 Shah Alam Selangor Malaysia. It was constructed between 1982 and 1984. The building was officially opened on 2 February 1985 by Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah of Selangor. It houses the machineries of the state government including Menteri Besar's office State Assembly Hall and Silver Jubilee Hall.
 St John's Notting Hill is a Victorian Anglican church built in 1845 in Lansdowne Crescent Notting Hill Londondesigned by the architects John Hargrave Stevens (1805/6–1857) and George Alexander (1810–1885) and built in the Victorian Gothic style.
 The New York Court of Appeals Building officially referred to as Court of Appeals Hall is located at the corner of Eagle and Pine streets in central Albany New York United States. It is a stone Greek Revival building designed in the mid-19th century by Henry Rector. In 1971 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places one of six buildings housing a state's highest court currently so recognized.
 Religious Society of Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 141 Central Avenue in Dover Strafford County New Hampshire.It was built in 1768 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Bourges Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Bourges) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Stephen located in Bourges France. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Bourges.
 St. Lawrence’s Church Karachi is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi. It became a parish in 1912.
 John Brown IV is a historic colonial house at 703 Pearse Road in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1752 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 Troth's Fortune also known as Troth's Farm is a historic home in Easton Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story two-room deep gambrel-roofed dwelling with a medieval style stair tower and a richly detailed interior. The house has two 20th century frame wings.
 The Gwinnett Historic Courthouse is an historic government building located at 185 West Crogan Street in Lawrenceville in Gwinnett County Georgia. The original county courthouse burned in 1872. The present day Courthouse was built in 1885. It served as the center of county business for over a century. As the population of the county grew the Courthouse could no longer handle all of the county's business.
 Vista House is an observatory at Crown Point in Multnomah County Oregon that also serves as a memorial to Oregon pioneers and as a comfort station for travelers on the Historic Columbia River Highway. The site on a rocky promontory is 733 feet (223 m) above the Columbia River on the south side of the Columbia River Gorge. The building shows great sensitivity to its site in the Columbia River Gorge near Corbett and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Historic Brookhaven is a historic neighborhood part of which lies in Atlanta's Buckhead Community and part of which lies in city of Brookhaven Georgia to which it lends its name. Capital City Club country club is at the center of the neighborhood and it is surrounded by valuable homes many of which were designed by a number of well-known Atlanta architects of the pre-war period.
 Echols Memorial Christian Church (also known as United Evangelical Lutheran Church; May Ave. ; Church of Christ; Vietnameze Baptist Church) is a historic church at 2801 Alabama in Fort Smith Arkansas.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Madison Square Garden Towers were the name of proposed twin 1400 ft-tall (427 m) residential skyscrapers that were to be constructed north of Madison Square Garden in Midtown Manhattan New York City. The project featured a complex of seven buildings including a stadium and a new Penn Station. The cost of the project was US$14 billion. The architects Norman Foster and David Childs and the architectural firm Skidmore Owings and Merrill were designing the project.
 Campbell Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church on Pulaski in Pulaski Tennessee.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Calvary Hospital is an American non-profit institution specializing in hospice and palliative care headquartered in the The Bronx borough of New York City New York. The hospital has a total of 225 beds.
 Hyatt Regency Paris – Charles de Gaulle is a 4 star hotel inaugurated in 1992 located close to the Paris Charles de Gaulle international airport and Villepinte exhibition center. It belongs to the American hotel company Hyatt.
 Ralph Johnson Bunche House a home of American diplomat Ralph Bunche is a National Historic Landmark located in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of Queens New York. It is located at 115-24 Grosvenor Road.Ralph Bunche helped found the United Nations in 1945 and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1950 for mediating armistice agreements between Israel and its neighboring countries.
 San Agustin Church is a Roman Catholic church under the auspices of The Order of St. Augustine located inside the historic walled city of Intramuros in Manila. In 1993 San Agustin Church was one of four Philippine churches constructed during the Spanish colonial period to be designated as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO under the collective title Baroque Churches of the Philippines. It was named a National Historical Landmark by the Philippine government in 1976.
 The Adams County Courthouse is located in Gettysburg Pennsylvania. The building was built in 1858 first occupied in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 1 1974.The architect was Stephen Decatur Button of Philadelphia. John R. Turner of Carlisle constructed the building. The building is two stories high three bays wide six bays deep and constructed of red brick which was originally painted gray. Rear wings were added in 1895.
 Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Passenger Depot or Santa Fe Station is a historic railway station in Colorado Springs Colorado.
 Santa Maria di Nazareth is a Roman Catholic Carmelite church also called Church of the Scalzi (Chiesa degli Scalzi) being it the seat in Venice of the Discalced Carmelites religious order (Scalzi in Italian means barefoot). It is located in the sestiere of Cannaregio near Venezia Santa Lucia railway station.
 The State Arsenal (commonly called the Benefit Street Arsenal) is a historic site at 176 Benefit Street in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1839 by Russell Warren and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. REVISION- The Historic Armories of Rhode Island lists the designer as James C.
 The Aqsunqur Mosque (also known as the Blue Mosque or the Mosque of Ibrahim Agha) is located in Cairo Egypt and is one of several blue mosques in the world.
 Festival Bay Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located on International Drive in Orlando Florida United States. Opened in 2002 as a property of the Belz Factory Outlets it is owned by FB Orlando Acquisition Company LLC and managed by Paragon Outlet Partners LLC. The mall is 860000 square feet (80000 m2) in size with Bass Pro Shops Vans Skatepark Ron Jon Surf Shop and Shepler's Western Wear as anchor stores.
 Huey's is a chain of restaurants and bars located in Memphis Tennessee. Founded in 1970 by Alan Gary it has been voted Best Burger by Memphis Magazine every year since 1984. Huey's has also been voted Best Pub Grub and Best Beer Selection in Memphis Magazine's Readers Restaurant Poll. Famous for its Huey's Burger the chain operates 7 locations spread across the city.
 The Judge Jacob Gale House is located at 403 N.E. Jefferson Ave. Peoria Illinois United States. The home was constructed for Judge Jacob Gale around 1839 or 1840. The Greek Revival house was built within the five years following the city's downtown being laid out and streets established. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 19 1982.
 The Primitive Baptist Church of Brookfield also known as the Old School Baptist Meeting House is located along US 6 in Slate Hill New York USA a hamlet of the Town of Wawayanda in Orange County. It was built in 1792 when the settlement was known as Brookfield.
 The Akron Gymnasium at W. 4th St. & Custer Ave. in Akron Colorado was built during 1938-40. It was designed by Eugene Groves and built by the Works Progress Administration. It has also been known as the Washington County High School Gymnasium. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It was abandoned for many years but was deemed significant for its association with the WPA and with the community of Akron a small town of 1400 population in 1940.
 The North Fellows Historic District is a historic district located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. The city experienced a housing boom after World War II. This north side neighborhood of single-family brick homes built between 1945 and 1959 exemplifies this development. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 St Cross Church Knutsford is in the town of Knutsford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building in the deanery of Knutsford the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. It is an active Anglican parish church with three services every Sunday a midweek Eucharist each Wednesday and Morning Prayer most weekdays. The Parish Electoral Roll is 126 and about a hundred people attend Sunday morning services.
 St. Joseph's Indian Normal School's purpose was to educate American Indians. This was believed to be the best way to assimilate then into the white culture. Operating from 1888 to 1896 the U.S. government funded the school's operation. It was believed that this was the best way to civilize Native Americans and the western territories. Established by the Catholic Indian Missions with funding from Katharine Drexel the school taught 60 Indian children.
 The Pinnacle (Chinese: 广晟国际大厦; Chinese: 廣晟國際大廈) is a 60-storey 360 m (1180 ft) supertall skyscraper in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou Guangdong China. Construction of the 118452 m2 (1275010 sq ft) tower was completed in 2012 and is a major commercial and business building of the Guangzhou CBD.
 Andaw Thein (Burmese: အံတော်သိမ်ဘုရား Burmese pronunciation: [àɴdɔ̀ θèiɴ pʰəjá]) is a temple in Mrauk U located at the northwest corner of the Shite-thaung Temple. The name means 'Tooth Shrine'. It contains a tooth relic of the Buddha coming from Sri Lanka. It was first built as an ordination hall between 1515 and 1521 by King Thazata and restored by Min Bin between 1534 and 1542.
 Pioneer Place is an upscale urban shopping mall in downtown Portland Oregon. It consists of four blocks of retail dining parking and an office tower named Pioneer Tower. The mall itself is spread out between four buildings interconnected by skywalks or underground mall sections. The footprint of the entire complex consists of four full city blocks bisected by SW Yamhill and Fourth bounded north-south by SW Morrison and Taylor Streets and east-west by SW Third and Fifth Avenues.
 The Saskatoon Electrical System Substation is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The property contains a two story building in a Modern Classical style made of No. 2 Redcliff Light Claybank and Tee Pee Mocha brick construction.
 The Old West Austin Historic District is a residential community in Austin Texas United States. It is composed of three neighborhoods located on a plateau just west of downtown Austin: Old Enfield Pemberton Heights and Bryker Woods. Developed between 1886 and 1953 the three historic neighborhoods stretch from Mopac Expressway east to Lamar Boulevard and from 13th Street north to 35th Street.
 Alstahaug Church (Norwegian: Alstahaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Alstahaug on the southern end of the island of Alsta. The church is part of the Alstahaug parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The stone church was built in the 1100s and it seats about 270 people.
 The Streeter-Peterson House located at 1121 9th St. in Aurora Nebraska was built in 1900 by local builders Johnson & Henthorn. It is designed in classical Queen Anne style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991; the listing included two contributing buildings.It was deemed significant as a significant local example of early twentieth century NeoclassicalQueen Anne domestic architecture in Aurora Nebraska.
 Vaijantha is the former residence of J. R. Jayewardene former President of Sri Lanka in Colombo Sri Lanka.
 Torre de Cali (Cali Tower) is a 46-storey skyscraper in downtown Cali Colombia. The tower has a full height of 211 metres if the communication masts atop are counted. However roof height is 183.5 metres making it the third tallest in Colombia after the 196-metre 52-story Torre Colpatria and the 190-metre Centro de Comercio Internacional in downtown Bogotá.Built in the early 80s the tower is built in the International Style.
 St. Michael's Church (German: Hauptkirche Sankt Michaelis colloquially called Michel German pronunciation: [ˈmɪçəl]) is one of Hamburg's five Lutheran main churches (Hauptkirchen) and the most famous church in the city. St. Michaelis is a landmark of the city. It is dedicated to the Archangel Michael. A large bronze statue standing above the portal of the church shows the archangel conquering the devil.
 Lewis Hall Mansion also known as the Charles H. III and Sue Beall House is a historic home located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in 1850 and is a two story rectangular brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It sits on a sandstone ashlar foundation and features a Neoclassical style portico built about 1910.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 McAlmond House was built in 1861 by Captain Elijah H. McAlmond. The house stands on the bluffs of Dungeness near Sequim Clallam County Washington. The home remained in the McAlmond family until the mid 1900s when the last remaining property was put up for sale. Local legends claim that under Capt. McAlmond's stewardship the bluffs under the house were used to smuggle Chinese into the United States. McAlmond House is on the Washington State Register of Historic Places.
 St. Mary Our Lady of Mount Carmel Cathedral also known simply as St. Mary’s Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Gaylord Michigan United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Gaylord.
 Carrefour de l'Estrie is a shopping centre located in Sherbrooke Quebec Canada which opened in October 1973.Its current anchors include Sears The Bay Target Super C Toys R Us Shoppers Drug Mart La Maison Simons Winners and Rona.
 The Dutch Navy Museum is a naval museum in Den Helder Netherlands.The museum is dedicated to the history of the Koninklijke Marine (Royal Netherlands Navy).The most important ships the museum owns are:HNLMS Abraham Crijnssen (minesweeper)HNLMS Schorpioen (ironclad ram)HNLMS Tonijn (submarine)HNLMS Bonaire (steamship) (under restoration)HNLMS De Ruyter (guided missile destroyer) (Deck and radar)
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 308 S. Crawford in Fort Scott Kansas.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 Hibernia Bank Building located at 812 Gravier Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 23-story 355 feet (108 m)-tall skyscraper. It used to be the headquarters of Hibernia National Bank. At the time it was completed in 1921 it was the tallest building in the state of Louisiana. In 1932 the state capitol took that title.In 2006 Hibernia Bank began vacating the building and moving its offices to Place St. Charles.
 Saint Catalina's Castle (Castillo de Santa Catalina) is a castle that sits on the Cerro de Santa Catalina overlooking the Spanish city of Jaén. It is now the site of a parador.
 The Renaissance Nashville Hotel is a hotel in Nashville Tennessee. The building is 385 feet high with 31 floors. The hotel is physically connected to the Nashville Convention Center and is its anchor hotel.The hotel contains 649 rooms 24 suites 25 meeting rooms with 31000 sq ft of meeting space and 2 concierge levels including a Starbucks coffee shop 2 lounges and a full service restaurant.
 St James' Church Altham is in the village of Altham Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Accrington the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice has been united with that of All Saints Clayton-le-Moors. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Polaski King House was a Federal style house located at 2270 Valley Drive in Syracuse New York. It was built around 1810 of brick laid in a Flemish bond pattern on a limestone foundation. Polaski King was an early settler of what was then Onondaga Hollow. He founded the first school in the settlement and was involved in local government. The house is no longer standing.
 Amantaka is a luxury hotel in Luang Prabang Laos. The hotel located in a French colonial former hospital is operated by Aman Resorts and opened in September 2009. The hotel is located in the northwestern part of the city in the old town area several metres from the Mekong River and approximately 400 metres northeast of the Royal Palace.
 The Church of St. Demetrius (Croatian: Crkva svetog Dimitrija Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Димитрија) in Dalj is a Serbian Orthodox church in Dalj in eastern Croatia. Church of St. Demetrius is cathedral of Eparchy of Osječko polje and Baranja. First church on this site was built in 1715 and present church was built in 1799. Church of St. Demetrius is the largest cathedral of Serbian Orthodox Church in Croatia.
 HM Prison North Sea Camp is a Category D men's prison located on the edge of the parish of Freiston (near Boston) in Lincolnshire England. North Sea Camp is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Stearns–Wadsworth House is a historic Italianate residence in Bald Mound Blackberry Township an unincorporated settlement near Batavia Illinois. It was built in 1868 for George N. Stearns a farmer who owned the most land in the township. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Great World City (Chinese: 世界城) is a 6-storey shopping mall 18-storey office building and 35-storey serviced apartment building complex on Singapore River in Central Area of Singapore. It is located between Kim Seng and Zion Roads near River Valley Road and Kim Seng Promenade.
 Citadel Center is a 580ft (177m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois designed by Spanish architect Ricardo Bofill. The 44th tallest building in Chicago was completed in 2003 and has 39 floors. A limited-edition cast of the Winged Victory of Samothrace one of the world's most famous sculptures is the showpiece of the main lobby. It was the first building in Chicago to use a raised-floor pressurized plenum system.
 The Moro Lorenzo Sports Center is a sports facility located in the Ateneo de Manila University campus in Quezon City Philippines
 Columbiana Centre is a Columbia South Carolina shopping mall located off of Interstate 26/U.S. Route 76 on Harbison Blvd that opened in 1990. The regional mall has 820000 square feet (76000 m2) of retail space. Its anchors include Belk Dillard's JCPenney and Sears. In January 2014 it was announced that the Sears anchor store would be closing in March.
 The Cotaco Opera House was the first opera house constructed in the state of Alabama. It is located at 115 Johnston Street in historic downtown Decatur Alabama.In 1889 the city of Decatur was the largest city in North Alabama out-sizing Huntsville. It had become increasingly apparent that the city was in need of a theater to showcase its fine arts. The Opera House was built on a 100 by 140 foot site that ran south from Johnston Street and fronting on the east side of 1st Avenue.
 The Central Florida Railroad Museum is located at 101 South Boyd Street Winter Garden Florida in a former Tavares and Gulf depot built in 1913. The museum contains exhibits depicting Central Florida's railroading history including a large collection of dining car china. It is part of the Winter Garden Downtown Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum is operated by the Winter Garden Heritage Foundation and opened in 1983.
 Orleans House was a Palladian villa originally built in the early 18th century near to the Thames at Twickenham England for the politician and diplomat James Johnston. It was subsequently named after the Duc D'Orleans who stayed there in the early 19th century. By the early 20th century it was derelict and in 1926 it was mostly demolished.
 Place Longueuil is a shopping mall located in Longueuil Quebec. It is the largest shopping mall in the city of Longueuil and is located near the Longueuil Metro station. The parking lot contains 1780 spaces. The major tenants are IGA Extra and Target.Place Longueuil was built in 1966 with 65 stores anchored by Steinberg's and Miracle Mart It was at the time the sole shopping mall in the city of Longueuil.
 St. Andrew Cathedral officially known as The Cathedral Parish of St. Andrew is one of the oldest churches in the Philippines. It was established in 1580 by Spanish Augustinian friars. The church is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Parañaque the local church that comprises Parañaque City Muntinlupa City and Las Piñas City.
 St Margaret's Church Rochester is now a Chapel of Ease within the parish of St Peter with St Margaret Rochester. Previously it was the parish church of St Margaret's Without (that is outside the city walls of Rochester). Thorpe records it as having previously been called St Margaret's in Suthgate. The building is a Grade II* listed building English Heritage number 173172.
 Allston Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 31-41 Quint Avenue in Boston Massachusetts. The Romanesque church was built in 1890 and added to the National Historic Register in 1997. The church was closed in 2003 when its congregation was merged with Brighton Evangelical Congregational Church to form the Brighton Allston Congregational Church. The building now houses a mosque and the Palestinian Cultural Center for Peace.
 InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile is a hotel in Chicago Illinois United States. The hotel currently occupies two multi-story buildings. The historic tower or South Tower is a 471-foot (144 m) 42-story building which was completed in 1929 originally as the home of the Medinah Athletic Club.
 Balfour Hospital is a rural general hospital in Kirkwall run by NHS Orkney. It is the main hospital in Orkney.
 Aria (formerly known as the Lewis Tower Building) is a 33-story Art Deco skyscraper in Center City Philadelphia designed by the firm Edmund Gilchrist.An exceptionally slender building it was one of the city's tallest office high-rises until the skyscraper boom of the late 1980s. It housed offices until 2005 when the building was sold for conversion into condominiums.
 The Hermitage Hotel also known as Hermitage Hotel is a historic hotel located at 231 6th Avenue North in Nashville Tennessee. Commissioned by 250 Nashville residents in 1908 and named for Andrew Jackson's estate The Hermitage near Nashville the hotel opened in 1910. It was built in the Beaux-arts style and is the only remaining example of this style of architecture in a commercial building in Tennessee.The Hermitage Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Derry Session House and Enclosure is a historic site located on the grounds of Derry Presbyterian Church at Derry Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It consists of the log Session House built about 1732 and a glass enclosure erected in 1929. The hewn log Session House measures 18 feet by 13 feet and is one story high and was built for a Presbyterian session. The glass and steel enclosure measures approximately 24 feet by 19 feet 6 inches and sits on a reinforced concrete foundation.
 Church of Saint Anthony Abbot (Italian: Chiesa di Sant'Antonio Abate) is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Breno in the province of Brescia Lombardy northern Italy. The church contains fragments of Frescos on three walls around the chancel by Girolamo Romani in collaboration with Daniele Mori who also worked with him in Pisogne and Bienno.
 The Miami County Courthouse located east of the junction of Miami and Silver Streets in Paola is the seat of government of Miami County Kansas. The courthouse was built from 1898 to 1899 and has housed the county's government ever since. Architect George P. Washburn designed the courthouse; its design is Victorian with Romanesque Revival details. The building features a tower at each corner; the southwest tower was once a clock tower but no longer has a clock.
 The Clallam County Courthouse was built in 1914 and is located in Port Angeles Washington. The court house has a bell tower containing a bell which was shipped from Boston all the way around the horn. The building has had at least one addition since it was built. The building uses 126 solar panels which were installed in 1979 to produce an estimated 20 percent of the electric power needed for the building.
 The Judge John L. Buckley House is a house in Enterprise Mississippi listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house is built in the bungalow style. Many of the bungalows built in Clarke County in the 1920s were one-story undistinguished standardized housing. The Buckley House is more notable than these because of its detailing which incorporated Colonial design elements.
 The Pomona City Stables also known as the Pomona City Yards Brick Building is a stables building completed in 1909 to house horses owned by the City of Pomona California. Built at a cost of $6000 the Pomona City Stables building was designed by Pomona architect Ferdinand Davis from the firm of Davis and Higgs. Davis also designed several other prominent buildings in Pomona including the Currier House (1907) the Masonic Lodge the Ebell Club and Trinity Methodist Church.
 St. Luke's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 508 W. Pine in Warren Arkansas. Built in 1907 it has a simple L-shaped plan with Gothic Revival styling. The exterior is concrete blocks that have been treated to look like ashlar stone. It was originally built for the Episcopal Diocese of Arkansas and called St. Mary's Church but it never had a large congregation and services ended in the late 1920s.
 St Peter's Church Mansergh is located in the village of Mansergh Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmoreland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of six local churches to form the Kirby Lonsdale Team Ministry. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Abel Allen House is a historic house at 1 Chestnut Street in Weston Massachusetts. With a construction history that is believed to date back to the last decade of the 17th century this 2.5 story wood frame house is claimed to be the oldest building in Weston. The house was extensively rehabilitated in 1961 at which time the restorer identified at least six different phases of construction. The first was c.
 Žižkov tram depot (Czech: Vozovna Žižkov) is a tram and trolleybus depot in Žižkov that has been part of the Prague tram network since 1912. The depot celebrated its centenary in 2012.
 The Castroville Japanese Language School also known as the Castroville Nihon Gakko is a historic building located at 11199 Geil St. in Castroville California that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1936 and served Japanese-American sharecropping farmer families of the area as a school as a Buddhist temple and as a community meeting hall.
 The Great Fire of 1911 Historic District is located in downtown Bangor Maine and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. It preserves Maine's most significant collection of early 20th century public and commercial buildings and commemorates an urban re-building campaign matched only by Portland's following its own destruction by fire in 1866.
 The Grove is a retail and entertainment complex in Los Angeles California built owned and operated by Rick J. Caruso and his company Caruso Affiliated on parts of the historical Farmers Market.
 The Cedar Key Historical Society Museum is located at 7070 D Street Cedar Key Florida. It contains exhibits and photographs depicting the history of Cedar Key from prehistoric times through the 20th century. The museum is housed in two buildings. The main part is in the Lutterloh House. The annex is the Andrews House which was originally on Atsena Otie Key before being moved to the mainland after the 1896 hurricane.
 The Goulandris Museum of Natural History is a museum in Kifisia a northeastern suburb of Athens Greece. It was founded by Angelos Goulandris and Niki Goulandris in 1965 in order to promote interest in the natural sciences to raise the awareness of the public in general and in particular to call its attention to the need to protect Greece's natural wildlife habitats and species in the danger of extinction.
 Somerset Academy also known as Athens Academy is a Greek Revival building in Athens Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Parson Thorne Mansion also known as Silver Hill is a historic mansion located at Milford Kent County Delaware. The mansion is located across from the Mill House. It was built between 1730 and 1735 and is a two-story five-bay center hall brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has flanking one-story wings and a two-story frame rear wing. The house was remodeled in 1879 and features a steeply pitched cross-gable roof with dormers.
 Bartram's Covered Bridge a historic covered bridge built in 1860 uses a Burr Truss design and carries Goshen Road over Crum Creek on the border between Delaware County and Chester County Pennsylvania. It is 30 feet (9.1 m) long and 13 feet (4.0 m) wide and is the only covered bridge remaining of the 30 which once stood in Delaware County. The bridge has slanted planks at each entrance and is the only covered bridge in Pennsylvania with this feature.
 Robert Kennedy Memorial Presbyterian Church also known as Welsh Run Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Montgomery Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1871 and is a 1 1/2-story frame Italianate-style building. It is three bays wide and four bays long and has a central bell tower and gable roof. It features a stained glass window by the Tiffany Studio in New York dated 1934. The property includes the church cemetery established in 1774.
 Saint George's Church (Bulgarian: църква „Свети Георги“ tsarkva „Sveti Georgi“) is a church in Gavril Genovo a village in northwestern Bulgaria part of Georgi Damyanovo municipality Montana Province. It was built in 1873 by the architect Alekso Angelkov of the Slavine Architectural School in the village of Sotochino today one of the two neighbourhoods of Gavril Genovo.
 The Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Museum is a museum of art and archaeology in Ahmedabad known for its palm-leaf manuscripts 3rd-11th century sculptures and pre-Mughal miniature paintings.
 The Edmondson Avenue Historic District encompasses several neighborhoods on the west side of Baltimore Maryland. The area was developed primarily between 1900 and 1940 radiating from the streetcar line that ran along Edmondson Avenue an east-west thoroughfare. It includes significant portions of the Evergreen Lawn Bridgeview/Greenlawn Rosemont and Midtown-Edmondson neighborhoods including hundreds of buildings many of them residential rowhouses.
 MedStar Franklin Square Medical Center a member of MedStar Health is a hospital located in the Rosedale area of eastern Baltimore County Maryland. It is the third largest hospital in Maryland; with more than 3500 employees it is one of the largest employers in Baltimore County. The building is found along Franklin Square Drive next to the campus of Community College of Baltimore County - Essex and is used for the clinical training of allied health programs at the college.
 The Hooper House also known as Hooper House II located in Bare Hills in Baltimore County Maryland was commissioned by philanthropist Edith Hooper and designed by architects Marcel Breuer and Herbert Beckhard. Breuer had designed an addition to the Hoopers' prior home in Baltimore in 1948; this is often referred to as Hooper House I which is why this newer residence is often called Hooper House II. Ground was broken on the project in 1959 and the house was completed in 1960.
 Abbeygreen Church is a reformed evangelical congregation of the Church of Scotland in the town of Lesmahagow South Lanarkshire. It lies opposite the Glebe Park on Abbeygreen. The neighbouring church the Old Parish Church of Lesmahagow was built in its present form in 1803 at the site of the medieval Lesmahagow Priory.Abbeygreen Church was born out of the Disruption of 1843.
 The Presidential Mansion in Athens Greece is the official residence of the President of the Hellenic Republic. It served previously as the Royal Palace (often known as the New Royal Palace) until the abolition of the monarchy by referendum in 1974.
 The George S. Abbott Building is a building in Waterbury Connecticut also known as Wheeler and Wilson Building and Abbott Towers Apartments. It was designed by Henry A. Lawler and built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sunpu Castle (駿府城 Sunpu-jō) was a Japanese castle in Shizuoka City Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan. The sobriquet of this feudal fortress was the Castle of the Floating Isle. It was also referred to as Fuchu Castle (府中城 Fuchu-jō) or Shizuoka Castle (静岡城 Shizuoka-jō).
 Fremantle Hospital is a 24 hour acute-care public teaching hospital situated in central Fremantle Western Australia south of Perth. Fremantle Hospital and Health Service provides 575 beds across all campuses including a 66 bed psychiatric and psychogeriatric service. The Hyperbaric Medicine Unit has provided support services for divers in all of Western Australia and clinical services to residents mainly from the immediate area for over 20 years.
 Black Castle Public House is a historic building in Junction Rd Brislington Bristol England. It is also known as Arno's Castle.It was built in 1745—1755 as a folly sham castle and office but may have originally been a stable block and laundry for the lord of the manor. The building was probably designed by either William Halfpenny or James Bridges for William Reeve of Mount Pleasant (now the Arno’s Court Hotel) from which it is separated by a major road junction.
 Lakeridge Health Oshawa formerly Oshawa General Hospital is a hospital located in Oshawa Ontario Canada. It was founded in August 1910 in a two-story building and major additions were made in the 1920s (surgical and maternity wings).
 Arney's Mount Friends Meetinghouse and Burial Ground is a historic Quaker meeting house located at the intersection of Mount Holly-Juliustown and Pemberton-Arney's Mount Roads Arney's Mount Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1775 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Camp Moore north of the Village of Tangipahoa near Kentwood Louisiana was a Confederate training base and principal base of operations in eastern Louisiana and southwestern Mississippi. The base was named for Louisiana Governor Thomas Overton Moore and operated from May 1861 to 1864 during the American Civil War.
 Fort Paskoya or Paskoyac or Pasquia was a French fort and trading post on the lower Saskatchewan River above Cedar Lake (Manitoba). Around 1740 La Vérendrye built four forts to control the chain of lakes west of Lake Winnipeg. These were Fort Pascoya Fort Bourbon Fort Dauphin (Manitoba) and Fort La Reine. Their purpose was to trade in furs and to divert to Montreal furs that had previously gone to the English on Hudson Bay.
 King Homestead (now called New Moon Farm) is a log home located in Cottontown Sumner County Tennessee. It was built in 1798 by William King as the first home for him and his new bride Caroline Hassell. The home remained in the King family for one hundred years before being sold outside the family. The home has undergone renovation and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Sheraton Metechi Palace Hotel is a five-star hotel in Tbilisi the capital of Georgia. It is located in a central area overlooking the old part of the city and run by Sheraton Hotels and Resorts. The hotel opened in 1989.
 Lower Brandon Plantation (or simply Brandon or Brandon Plantation and initially known as Martin's Brandon) is located on the south shore of the James River in present-day Prince George County Virginia.The plantation is an active farm and was tended perhaps from 1607 on and more clearly from 1614 on so it is one of the longest-running agricultural enterprises in the United States.
 The First National Bank Building is a U-shaped fourteen-story historic steel structure building located on the corner of 16th and Farnam street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. The building was constructed in 1917. It was the original building for the First National Bank as well as the first high-rise building built in Omaha.
 Albyn Hospital is a private hospital in Aberdeen Scotland. It is situated on Albyn Place and is run by BMI Healthcare. It provides a comprehensive range of medical and surgical specialities generally provided by consultants and general practitioners from NHS Grampian.[citation needed]. Prior to being taken over by BMI Healthcare in 1997 the hospital was known as St John's Hospital. The hospital has three theatres 30 beds and 14 consulting rooms.
 Granite Mills are two historic cotton textile mills located on Bedford Street in Fall River Massachusetts consisting of Granite Mill No. 2 and Granite Mill No. 3. The site was determined elible for the National Historic Register in 1983 but omitted due to owner's objection.The mills were organized in 1863 with William Mason as president and Charles O. Shove as treasurer. The original Mill No. 1 was built 1864. It was 328 feet long by 70 feet wide and five stories high with a barn roof.
 Villa Zeno is a patrician villa at Cessalto Veneto northern Italy and is the most easterly villa designed by Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio. The building is near the highway between Venice and Trieste but was built to face a canal which served as the primary means of arrival.
 The Lovell Beach House is located on the Balboa Peninsula in Newport Beach California. The building was completed in 1926 and is now recognized as one of the most important works by architect Rudolf Schindler second only to the Schindler House built four years earlier for his family as a show house and studio.
 Bolling Island is a historic plantation home located near Goochland Goochland County Virginia. The original frame section now the east wing was built in 1771. The principal two-story hipped roof brick core was built between 1800 and 1810. It was remodeled between 1820 and 1839 as a Greek Revival style dwelling. It has a two-story rear ell an the house has a T plan. The front facade features a two-story portico with a balustraded second level.
 St. Michael's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 74 Cianci Street in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Lynn Woods Reservation (founded 1881) is a 2200-acre (8.9 km2) municipal forest park located in Lynn Essex County Massachusetts. The City of Lynn's Department of Public Works Park Commission and Lynn Water & Sewer Commission share jurisdiction and management of Lynn Woods Reservation.
 The Tomb of Nizam al-Mulk (Persian: آرامگاه نظام‌الملک‎ Aramgah-e Nezamolmolk) is located in Ahmadabad quarter of Isfahan. Nizam al-Mulk was the powerful vizier of some Seljuq sultans. Beside his gravestone there are two other gravestones which belong to Malik-Shah I and his wife Tarkan Khatun who may have had a hand in Nizam's murder. Beside lots of changes in the garden and structure of tomb the three valuable gravestones have been changed also.
 Bidwell Mansion located at 525 Esplanade in Chico California was the home of General John Bidwell and Annie Bidwell from the late 1868 until 1900 when Gen. Bidwell died. Annie continued to live there until her death in 1918. John Bidwell began construction of the mansion on his 26000 acres (110 km²) Rancho del Arroyo Chico in 1865 during his courtship of Annie Ellicott Kennedy.
 The Saxony Mill was a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places located at 66 West Street in Rockville section of Vernon Connecticut.
 St Giles' Church Darlton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Darlton.
 The Wyoming Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Wyoming. The current mansion was built during 1976 and is located at 5001 Central Ave. in Cheyenne. The public can tour the residence on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday from 9:00am to 3:00pm. There is no admission fee. The mansion is closed to tours during Cheyenne Frontier Days.
 The O. E. Rølvaag House was the home of Ole Edvart Rølvaag (1876-1931) Norwegian-American novelist and professor at St. Olaf College. The home is located at 311 Manitou Street in Northfield Minnesota United States. Rølvaag wrote most of his works in this house which is near St. Olaf College where he taught.Rølvaag was the first novelist to describe the psychological cost of pioneering on the American frontier.
 The Imperial 3(डी इम्पिरियल 3 in Marathi) is an approved 400 metres (1312 ft) 116 floors Supertall residential skyscraper in Mumbai India. The towers are located at the sea front in Tardeo South Mumbai. Construction will start from 2014 and the towers will inaugurated in 2017.
 The former British Consulate is located at 53 Po Xijindu Ancient Street facing Daxi Road and Boxian Road Zhenjiang Jiangsu Province China. In 1864 Britain constructed the consulate on Yuntai Mountain which belonged to the British Concession in Zhenjiang at that time. In 1888 the British Consulate was burned down in local riots. From 1889 to 1890 it was rebuilt occupying an area of 17 acres.
 Bodmin Friary was a Franciscan friary in Bodmin Cornwall UK. There are very few remains from the substantial Franciscan Friary established ca. 1240: a gateway in Fore Street and two pillars elsewhere in the town.The Franciscans arrived in Bodmin in the 1220s or 1230s and under the patronage of the Earl of Cornwall and other lords acting as trustees erected a fine lofty church. By the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries this church was full of tombs of distinguished Cornish people.
 The Dorilton is a luxury residential housing cooperative in Manhattan New York City. Construction began in 1900 and was completed by 1902.
 Rivers Bridge State Historic Site also known as Rivers Bridge State Park located near Ehrhardt a small town in Bamberg County South Carolina is noteworthy as an important Civil War historic site. It is in this area that General William T. Sherman engaged the Confederate Army on his advance from Savannah and after two days of battle outflanked the Confederates and forced them to withdraw. River Bridge State Park was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1972.
 Pitts Theatre also known as the State Theatre after 1970 is a historic movie theater located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. It was built in 1937-1938 and is a concrete block structure faced in brick in the Art Deco style. The building consists of a symmetrical three-bay façade with a central theater entrance flanked by storefront retail spaces. The façade features a stepped massing that recedes from the entrance and storefronts.
 Friendship Valley Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland United States. It was established in the late 18th century. About that time a 2 1⁄2-story T-shaped main house was built of brick on a stone foundation. It was later expanded to its current H shape. One of the small log cabins still standing near the house was once a slave cabin. It was later used as a smoke house.
 The Gilbert Colburn House is a historic house at 110–112 Crescent Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The two story wood frame duplex was built c. 1870 and is a nearly intact example of an Italianate house built for Waltham Watch Company workers. The main facade is symmetrical with a pair of entrances at the center each with its own ornate scrolled hood.
 Château de la Valouze is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It was built in 1861.
 The West Somerville Branch Library is a historic library at 40 College Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts just outside of Davis Square.The library was built in 1906 opened in May 1909 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was the first branch library in Somerville. The original funds for building the library were a gift of $25000 from Andrew Carnegie the steel baron and philanthropist.
 The Château de Terraube is a 13th-century castle in the commune of Terraube in the Gers département of France.This Gascon castle was built around 1272 for the de Galard family Merovingian dukes of Gascony; a date on the doorway confirms this. The de Galards have owned the castle ever since. It was altered and enlarged in the 16th and 17th centuries. The residence was enlarged from 1768 by the master masons Guillaume Gras Jacques Lapeyronie and Dominique Ducasse.
 Manassas Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Bull Run Virginia (near Manassas). Built in 1972 it is owned by Jones Lang LaSalle. The mall features J. C. Penney Macy's Sears and Walmart.
 St Wilfrid's Church Davenham is located in the village of Davenham Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 The Cradley Heath Workers' Institute was built between 1911 and 1912 in Lomey Town Cradley Heath West Midlands England. It was built as a social centre for the Black Country intended to become a venue for educational meetings and lectures. It also housed Union offices where members could come to seek guidance and from which the Contributory Unemployment Fund would be distributed. In 2006 the building was threatened by a bypass and so was moved to the Black Country Living Museum.
 Coyote Canyon is a buffet style restaurant chain that is part of Stockade Companies.Coyote Canyon is a casual low-price all-you-can-eat buffet restaurant that includes steak and other meats grilled to order salad bar soups bakery and desserts. There are currently about nine locations in Illinois Iowa Kansas South Dakota and Texas.
 Lebanon Chapel AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church bounded by Young Street on the West and Middle Street on the North in Fairhope Alabama. It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Johnston's Tavern also known as the New Lodge Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Springfield Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1831 and is a two-story five bay wide fieldstone building with Greek Revival style design details. It was one of the main stagecoach stops on the Pittsburgh-Erie Turnpike. The tavern was a stop on the Underground Railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Selinsgrove Hall and Seibert Hall are two historic educational buildings located on the campus of Susquehanna University in Selinsgrove in Snyder County Pennsylvania. Selinsgrove Hall is a 3 1⁄2-story brick structure constructed in 1858 in the Italianate style. The roof features a wooden cupola and the structure is featured on the university seal.
 Southport Promenade Hospital is a Grade II listed former Victorian hospital that was situated on the Promenade at the seaside resort of Southport. Today the building has been restored into luxury apartments known as the Marine Gate Mansions.
 Merchant's Hope was the name of a plantation and church established in the Virginia Colony in the 17th century. It was also the name of an English sailing ship Merchant’s Hope which plied the waters regularly from England to the Colonies. The Merchant's Hope was owned by a man named William Barker who was a wealthy English merchant and ship owner who patented land in Virginia.
 The Harmon–Neils House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of Christ Pantocrator (Bulgarian: църква „Христос Пантократор“ tsarkva „Hristos Pantokrator“ or църква „Христос Вседържател“ tsarkva „Hristos Vsedarzhatel“ Byzantine Greek: Ναός Χριστού Παντοκράτωρος) is a medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the eastern Bulgarian town of Nesebar (medieval Mesembria) on the Black Sea coast of Burgas Province.
 Barton Hall also known as the Cunningham Plantation is an antebellum plantation house built for Armstead Barton in the 1840s near present day Cherokee Alabama. The home is located south of US 72 and east of the Natchez Trace Parkway in the former town of Buzzard Roost.
 Resurgo Place will be the new home of the Moncton Museum the Transportation Discovery Centre and the main Moncton Visitor Information Centre. It is located at 20 Mountain Road in downtown Moncton NB and is currently under construction and renovation. After an extensive consultation process with community stakeholders and school children the new name Resurgo Place and a new logo was unveiled in March of 2013.
 Concorde De Luxe Resort is a five star hotel in Lara Antalya Turkey. It won the Europe's All-inclusive Resort the Turkey's All-inclusive Resort and the Turkey's Leading Spa Resort awards in 2008.
 Free Will Baptist Meetinghouse is a historic church on Main Street in Farmington Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Wawona Hotel is a historic hotel located within southern Yosemite National Park in California. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987 and is on the National Register of Historic Places .
 Historic Fire Station No. 19 now the site of a Buffalo Wild Wings and the architectural firm Station 19 Architects in Minneapolis Minnesota United States is centered in the University of Minnesota Minneapolis campus. The former Fire Station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1893 in an era when Minneapolis was growing rapidly. Rapid development was bringing prosperity to Minneapolis but it was also starting to tax the city's infrastructure.
 The Baltimore Museum of Art located in Baltimore Maryland United States is an art museum that was founded in 1914. Built in the Roman Temple style the Museum is home to an internationally renowned collection of 19th-century modern and contemporary art. Founded in 1914 with a single painting the BMA today has 90000 works of art—including the largest holding of works by Henri Matisse in the world.
 The 37 Military Hospital is a specialist hospital located in Accra on the main road between Accra International Airport and central Accra. It is the second largest hospital in the country after the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital. The name of the hospital is mostly used to refer to the community in which it resides.
 The Belmont Tower and Carillon is an iconic structure on the campus of Belmont University in Nashville Tennessee. The Tower is listed in the National Registry of Historic Places and is prominently featured in the university logo. The current Belmont University Tower and Carillon chimes each hour from 9:00am-8:00pm.
 The Samuel Osgood House (demolished) also known as the Walter Franklin House was a mansion at the northeast corner of Pearl and Cherry Streets in Manhattan. It served as the first Presidential Mansion housing George Washington his family and household staff from April 23 1789 to February 23 1790 during New York City's two-year term as the national capital. The owner Samuel Osgood was a Massachusetts politician and lawyer who settled in New York City.
 The Pearl Upson House at 937 Jones St. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic two-story red brick simplified-Queen Anne-style house that was built in 1902. Also known as the Arrizabalaga House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It was deemed significant for the role it played in Reno's community planning and development history and as an excellent example of Queen Anne architecture as the style was manifested in Reno.
 Reynard Way Evangelical Church (RWEC) is an Evangelical Christian church in Northampton United Kingdom. It is an independent local church in Northampton affiliated with the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches (FIEC). For more than 140 years the church has been teaching the Bible and telling people the good news about Jesus Christ. The church is led by a minister two elders and three deacons.
 Skogmo Chapel (Norwegian: Skogmo kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Indreskomo. The church is part of the Brønnøy parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1979.
 The Museo delle Anime del Purgatorio (Italian for Museum of the Souls of Purgatory) is a museum of Rome (Italy) 12 Lungotevere Prati within the vestry of the Chiesa del Sacro Cuore del Suffragio.
 Motorcyclepedia is a motorcycle museum containing over 450 mostly American motorcycles mainly from the first half of the 20th century with a special emphasis on Indian motorcycles including a model from every year of the original Indian brand on display covering 1901 to 1953.The 85000-square-foot (7900 m2) non-profit museum was opened by Gerald A. Doering and his son Ted Doering on April 16 2011 at 250 Lake Street in Newburgh New York.
 The former AT&T Long Lines Building at 33 Thomas Street is a 550 foot (167.5 meter) tall skyscraper in the Borough of Manhattan New York United States. It stands on the east side of Church Street between Thomas and Worth Streets in the Civic Center neighborhood of New York City.
 Grand Central Shopping Centre is a retail shopping centre in Toowoomba Queensland Australia. It is the largest shopping centre in the Darling Downs area[citation needed] and includes the area's only full-line department store: a three floor Myer[citation needed]. It also features a Target Coles Birch Carroll and Coyle 6-screen cinema and over 180 specialty stores over two levels.
 The Rose City Electric Automobile Garage located in northwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Fairfax at Embassy Row is a luxury high-rise historic hotel located at 2100 Massachusetts Avenue NW in Washington D.C.Built in 1927 to designs by architect B. Stanley Simmons the hotel was originally known as The Fairfax. It operated as a combination transient/residential hotel and was the home of numerous government figures. Perhaps the most notable resident was Al Gore whose father Albert Gore Sr. was a senator from Tennessee.
 Marina Del Rey Hospital is a 145-bed acute care Joint Commission accredited hospital offering general acute medical services and 24/7 emergency care. Marina Del Rey Hospital originally known as Marina Mercy Hospital underwent construction in 1969. In 1980 the Hospital was purchased by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet founders of Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital in Inglewood California. They renamed the Marina del Rey facility Daniel Freeman Marina Hospital.
 Bergin Block is an historic block at 330 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The block was built in 1912 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Burgruine Dietrichstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Bridge Street Town Centre is an upscale lifestyle center (shopping center) in Huntsville Alabama USA developed by O&S Holdings and designed by TSArchitects both of Los Angeles. The center is located in Cummings Research Park at the intersection of Old Madison Pike Interstate 565 and Research Park Boulevard (Alabama State Route 255).
 The University of Wisconsin Dairy Barn is a building located on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Built in 1897 the building played an important role in the field of dairy science during the 20th century. It has been used both as a teaching facility and as a site for agricultural research. It is significant for its association with the single-grain experiment performed from 1907 to 1911 by Stephen Babcock.The UW Dairy Barn was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2005.
 Black River Presbyterian and Ivanhoe Baptist Churches are historic churches on SR 1102 east of SR 1100 in Ivanhoe North Carolina built in a Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles.The current Black River Presbyterian Church structure was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 1986. The congregation was founded in 1740 by Scots from the Island of Arran and from mainland Scotland.
 The Schoolridge Farm also known as School House Ridge is a historic home located at Upper Fairmount Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a two-story two-bay side-hall / double pile Flemish bond brick house with a steeply pitched wood shingle roof built about 1780. Attached to the house is a one-story frame kitchen wing and 1 1⁄2-story three-bay frame addition.
 Dr. John J. Nowak House is a historic home located at Lancaster in Erie County New York. It is a locally significant and distinct example of the Spanish Revival style built for Dr. John J. Nowak in 1930. Several additions were built throughout the years and it is now used as a nursing home.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Four Points by Sheraton is an 18 story hotel in Niagara Falls Ontario. The hotel was originally constructed as the Renaissance Hotel later changing to the Fallsview Plaza Hotel and then finally to the Four Points by Sheraton in April 2010. It is connected directly to the Niagara Fallsview Casino by an indoor walkway. It is one of many Fallsview Hotels in the area.
 The Tower Meridian Quay is the tallest building in Wales standing at 107m (351ft).The tower has 29 storeys double the number of the previous tallest building in Swansea the BT Tower. Most of the tower houses residential apartments. The ground floor features a concierge desk which is manned 24 hours a day whilst the top three floors consist of the Grape and Olive restaurant run by the Cardiff brewery S.A. Brain & Co. Ltd.
 Blair County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Hollidaysburg Blair County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875-1876 and is a T shaped stone building in the Gothic Revival style. The entrance is flanked by two square three-story towers with truncated pyramidal roofs. The building generally features elaborate stonework and a five-story clock tower topped by a tall stone spire.
 The Reid-Jones-Carpenter House located at 2249 Walton Way Augusta Richmond County Georgia constructed in 1849 is a single story wood frame building on raised basement of stuccoed brick. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 13 1979.
 The Ledding Library is a branch of the Library Information Network of Clackamas County Library system in Milwaukie Oregon United States. The branch offers the public with over three million books periodicals and other materials.[citation needed]
 Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company Office is a historic office building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1888 and is a rectangular two story structure of brick laid in common bond with a rectangular brick addition built about 1910. Both sections have gray slate gable roofs white painted wood trim and a denticulated brick cornice. The company was organized in 1877 by Clayton H.
 The Hotel Blanche (also known as the Blanche Hotel or The Blanche or Hancock Building ) is a historic site in Lake City Florida United States. It is located at 212 North Marion Street. On January 18 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by Frank Pierce Milburn. In the lobby of the building is the oldest elevator in the State of Florida. It is still functional but is currently blocked off.
 The Montemar Institute of Marine Biology (Spanish: Estación de Biología Marina de Montemar) is a modern building in Viña del Mar Valparaíso Region Chile.
 Woodhey Chapel is a Grade I listed private chapel off Woodhey Lane near Faddiley Cheshire England. The listing describes the building as 'A handsome and intact example of a chapel from a period when few were built'. The chapel which is now disused stands in fields near the site of the demolished Woodhey Hall. Its west end is connected to buildings of the former hall by a causeway which is raised by about 5 feet (2 m).
 The Mississippi Museum of Natural Science is located in Jackson and is the largest museum in the state of Mississippi.
 Ashcroft originally known as Castle Forks City and then Chloride until 1882 was a mining town located ten miles (16 km) south of Aspen Colorado United States. A few buildings remain standing as a testament to the town's past.
 Forrestal Village is a 720000-square-foot (67000 m2) 52-acre (210000 m2) mixed-use retail and office complex in Plainsboro Township Middlesex County New Jersey along Route 1. It is just north of Princeton University's Forrestal campus and is named for James Forrestal. The center is anchored by Can Do Fitness (an upscale chain of fitness centers in the northeast) and a Westin hotel. In recent years it has suffered a sharp decline turning into a dead mall.
 The Abner Davison House is one of several mansions that overlook the Mississippi River on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties since 1997.Abner Davison was a Davenport attorney who built his house next to that of Ambrose Fulton. The latter house is a part of the Bridge Avenue Historic District.
 Chatham Street Row also known as the Chatham Street Historic District is a set of five historic buildings located at Nassau in Rensselaer County New York. They were built between 1812 and 1880. They include the Vandenberg House (No. 18 1870) Louisa Heusted House (No. 20 ca. 1880) and the Heusted Store (No. 14 1864). The Vandenberg House and Louisa Heusted House are notable for the decorative scrollwork on their verandah. Also included is the Phillip Cook House (No.
 Peabody Historical Library Museum also known under the older name of Old Peabody Library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973. It is located in the Downtown Historic District of Peabody Kansas. The building has state significance because it was the first free tax-supported library in Kansas.
 The Roman L. Hruska Federal Courthouse is a 350000 sq ft (33000 m2) Federal Courthouse located at 111 S. 18th Plz. in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Completed in 2000 the six story courthouse serves the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska and features nine courtrooms and a central atrium; built at a cost of $70 million. It was dedicated October 24 2000 in front of an audience of over 400 people.
 The Dallas Cotton Exchange Building was a 17-story tan brick and concrete building on the corner of North St. Paul and San Jacinto Streets in downtown Dallas Texas. It was built in 1926 and was for decades Dallas' second-tallest as the city was growing into the largest inland cotton market in the U.S. By 1971 though the city had become the financial capital of the cotton industry the exchange housed more Baptists than brokers because of offices rented to nearby First Baptist Church.
 Paul Gibbs House is a historic house in Framingham Massachusetts USA.Designed by architect Alexander Rice Esty the Paul Gibbs House was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It was damaged by fire in 1992.
 The Haverhill-Bath Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Ammonoosuc River joining Bath and Woodsville New Hampshire. Formerly used to carry New Hampshire Route 135 the bridge was idled in 1999. Restored in 2004 it is now open to foot traffic only. It is believed to be the oldest covered bridge in the state.The bridge was built in 1829 with funding provided by both towns.
 The Murchison Building is an eleven-story brick and marble building in Wilmington North Carolina USA. It occupies the corner of Front and Chestnut Street. Sitting on historic waterfront property the building overlooks the Cotton Exchange and Cape Fear Community College to the north USS North Carolina Battleship Memorial and Cape Fear to the west Riverfront Park and Chandlers Wharf to the south and Wilmington Downtown including its Courthouse to the east.
 Stockwood Discovery Centre formerly known as Stockwood Craft Museum is one of two free admission museums situated in Luton (the other is Wardown Park Museum). The museums in Luton are a part of a charitable trust Luton Culture.The discovery centre displays collections of: Local Social History Archaeology Geology and Rural Crafts. It also houses the biggest horse-drawn carriages collection in Europe Mossman Collection.The external part of the Discovery Centre features extensive gardens.
 Crandall Marine Railway is a historic dry dock facility located at Heart's Bay 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1927 by the Lake George Steamboat Company as its primary facility for building repairing and maintaining its fleet. Contributing structures on the property are the head house tracks and a cradle.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Queen of All Saints Basilica is an historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 6280 North Sauganash Avenue in Chicago's upper middle-class Sauganash neighborhood. Along with St. Hyacinth and Our Lady of Sorrows it is one of three Minor basilicas in Chicago Illinois.
 The Church of St. Mary is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York City. It was established as a parish in 1873.
 The King's Head Hotel is a hotel standing opposite the Shire Hall in Glyndŵr Street Agincourt Square Monmouth Wales. It dates from the mid-17th century and as one of the major inns in Monmouth was reputedly visited by Charles I of England in 1645. It has a fine black-and-white painted stone façade and became an important posting inn in the late 17th century with a yard through an archway where visitors' horses could be stabled and where regular coach services called.
 Faunsdale Plantation is a historic plantation near Faunsdale Alabama United States. The slave quarters on the property are among the most significant examples of slave housing in Marengo County and are among the last remaining examples in the state of Alabama. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 13 July 1993 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
 Borak Tower (Bengali:বোরাক) is a commercial skyscraper complex in Dhaka Bangladesh that is one of the tallest completed buildings in the country. The tower is located at Pantha Path in Dhaka. Construction was completed and the towers were inaugurated in 2013.
 All Saints is a Church of England parish church in Sheffield England. It is a Grade II listed building and is located in Ecclesall between Ringinglow Road and Ecclesall Road.All Saints' emergent youth and young adults congregation is called The Uncut Project and hosts The Anvil- All Saints' 7.45pm service.
 Rose Hill is a historic house built in the late 18th century near Port Tobacco in Charles County Maryland United States. It is a five-part Georgian-style dwelling house. It has a two-story central block with gable ends. It was restored during the mid 20th century.Rose Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The California Club is a private social club established in 1888 in downtown Los Angeles the second-oldest such club in Southern California. Its building was erected in 1929 and 1930 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Central Theater was built in Ely Nevada in 1939. The Art Deco style cinema was built by Percy and Warren Hull after they were denied permission to expand the 1913 Capital Theater. Originally it was built as 725-seat theater. The Central is unusual in a town where most of the structures were built in the boom times of the early 20th century. The one story building features a vertical CENTRAL neon sign over the marquee.
 The Wallraf-Richartz-Museum & Fondation Corboud is one of the three major museums in Cologne Germany. It houses an art gallery with a collection of fine art from the medieval period to the early twentieth century.
 The Byron Greenough Block or Lower H. H. Hay Block is an historic block in downtown Portland Maine. Located at the intersection of Free Street and Middle Street in Portland's Old Port. It was built in 1848 by Byron Greenough who made his wealth in hatting and clothier. The architecture firm Stevens and Stevens designed and added the fourth floor. The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in March 1977.
 St Thomas' Church Henbury is located in Church Lane in the village of Henbury Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 215 East Commerce Street in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The church is a member of the Presbyterian Church in America.
 St Caian's Church Tregaian (sometimes referred to St Caean's Church Tregaean) is a small medieval church dating from the 14th century in Anglesey north Wales. It is dedicated to St Caian a Christian from the 5th or 6th century about whom little is known. The building contains a late 14th-century east window and a late 15th-century doorway.
 Beth Hamedrash Hagodol (Hebrew: בֵּית הַמִּדְרָש הַגָּדוֹל Great Study House) is an Orthodox Jewish congregation that for over 120 years was located in a historic building at 60–64 Norfolk Street between Grand and Broome Streets in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 Pátio do Colégio (in Portuguese School Yard written in the archaic orthography Pateo do Collegio) is the name given to the historical Jesuit church and school in the city of São Paulo Brazil. The name is also used to refer to the square in front of the church. The Pátio do Colégio marks the site where the city was founded in 1554.The city of São Paulo has its beginnings in a mission established by Jesuits Manuel da Nóbrega José de Anchieta and others in the Brazilian hinterland.
 Whelan Camp is a historic late period Adirondack Great Camp and national historic district located on Raquette Lake at Long Lake in Hamilton County New York. The district includes four contributing buildings and one contributing structure. It is composed of a large sprawling Shingle Style main camp and five supporting buildings constructed between 1915 and 1918.
 The House at 220 Blanca Avenue is a historic home in Tampa Florida. It is located at 220 Blanca Avenue. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 First Baptist Church of Raleigh is a Cooperative Baptist Fellowship (CBF) church located in downtown Raleigh North Carolina. The church was the first Baptist church in the city of Raleigh and is one of the oldest churches in the area. The church is located on 99 North Salisbury Street directly across the street from the Capitol. You may contact First Baptist at (919) 832-4485.
 The Fabergé Museum is a museum located in the German spa city of Baden-Baden dedicated to items made by the Russian jewellery firm Fabergé. It was opened in 9 May 2009 by Russian art collector Alexander Ivanov.
 Australia Square is an office and retail complex in the central business district of Sydney Australia. Its main address is 264 George Street and the Square is bounded on the northern side by Bond Street eastern side by Pitt Street and southern side by Curtin Place. The building was designed by Harry Seidler & Associates. Today it remains a landmark building in Sydney and is regarded as iconic to Australian architecture.
 The Adelaide Steamship House is on Mouat Street Fremantle and was built in 1900. The building was designed by Fremantle based architectural firm Charles Oldham and Herbert Eales and was constructed by C. Coghill. The building takes its name from the original owners of the building the Adelaide Steamship Company who provided sea passenger and freight services around Australia.
 The Al Manara is a 35-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Al Manara was completed in 2008.
 Monmouth Hospital was a hospital founded in 1868 in Monmouth Wales relocated in 1903 to Hereford Road in that town and closed on 12 May 2006 when services transferred to the Monnow Vale Health and Social Care Centre at Drybridge Park.
 Surp Nerses Shnorhali Cathedral (Spanish: Iglesia Apostólica Armenia San Nerses Shnorhali; Armenian: Սուրբ Ներսէս Շնորհալի եկեղեցի) is an Armenian Apostolic church in the neighbourhood of Bella Vista Montevideo Uruguay.This temple dedicated to the Catholicos saint Nerses Shnorhali is the prelacy of the Uruguayan Diocese of the Armenian Holy Apostolic Church.
 Gallery Hotel (Chinese: 佳乐丽酒店; pinyin: Jiālèlì jiǔdiàn) is a four-star boutique hotel located on Nanson Road at Robertson Quay on Singapore River in the Central Area of Singapore. Originally known as Gallery Evason Hotel it is the first HIP (Highly Individual Places) hotel in Singapore and the second in Asia the first being in Japan.
 Welle Priory was a priory in Gayton in Norfolk England.
 The Macon County Courthouse and Annex is located at Courthouse Sq. in Macon Missouri. The Romanesque style courthouse was designed by Levi Aldrich and John H. Konefas and built in 1865. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Naval Lodge Elks Building also known as Naval Lodge No. 353 BPOE Temple was first envisioned on September 28 1896 when the city leaders of Port Angeles Washington met with members of the Navy to found Naval Lodge No. 353 of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks. The lodge also received special approval from the national Grand Lodge of Elks to become the only Elks Lodge in the country whose name was not based on its location. The lodge was built in 1927.
 Solvorn Church (Norwegian: Solvorn kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Solvorn. The church is part of the Solvorn parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 300 seats was built and consecrated in 1883. The architect Waldemar Hansteen made the designs for the building.
 Iowa Correctional Institution for Women is an Iowa Department of Corrections medium/minimum security prison located in Mitchellville Iowa. As of 2002 it had some 190 staff and 510 inmates. It has both dormitory style units and celled housing as well as a return-to-confinement facility used for intensive treatment of repeat offenders who violate parole.
 The Renaissance Providence Hotel known locally as the Mason Building is one of two monumental buildings in central Providence that remained unfinished and abandoned for decades. Originally planned as a meeting hall for the Freemasons construction work was abandoned in 1929 as a result of financial difficulties caused by the Great Depression.
 St. Ann with Emmanuel Church Nottingham is a parish church in the Church of England in St Ann's Nottingham.
 The Ahlsburg or Alerdestein was an Imperial castle near Stapelburg in the present-day Harz district in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
 Marcus Island LORAN-C transmitter (Minami Torishima LORAN-C transmitter) is a LORAN-C transmitter on Marcus Island (Minami Torishima) in Ogasawara Tokyo Japan at (24°17′8″N 153°58′54″E).
 Dulwich Picture Gallery is an art gallery in Dulwich South London. The Gallery in its current form was designed by Regency architect Sir John Soane using an innovative and influential method of illumination and was opened to the public in 1817. The building is the oldest public art gallery in England but the Gallery only recently became an independent charitable trust established as such in 1994.
 Délirium Café is a bar in Brussels Belgium known for its long beer list standing at 2004 different brands in January 2004 as recorded in the The Guinness Book of Records. On offer are beers from over 60 countries including many Belgian beers.The bar is located in the small alley called Impasse de la Fidélité/Getrouwheidsgang only a couple of hundred metres from the Grand Place.
 Henry Longfellow School is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1915. It is a three-story six-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Classical Revival style. It features a stone cornice and beltcourse and a brick parapet. The school was named for poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 44 Monroe is a $70 million (USD) 523619-square-foot (48645.8 m2) residential high-rise building located at the northeast corner of Monroe Street and First Avenue in Downtown Phoenix Arizona. The 34-story tower is Arizona's tallest residential structure.
 St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Wilmington Delaware. Named in honor of Anthony of Padua it falls within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wilmington and operated through the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales. It is situated in Wilmington's Little Italy neighborhood where the parish includes St.
 St Paul’s Church is an Anglican church on St Paul's Square Burton upon Trent Staffordshire England. The church opened in 1874 and was designed by the architects James M. Teale and Edmund Beckett Denison with later additions by G.F. Bodley. Since 2005 St Paul’s has been part of a parish with St Aidan's Shobnall. It is in the diocese of Lichfield.
 Benjamin C. Wilder House is an historic house in Washburn Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in June 1987. It was built in 1852 which was nine years before the town was incorporated in 1861. It is also the home of the Salmon Brook Historical Society.
 The Church of the Holy Cross is the Anglican church in the village of Sherston Wiltshire. It is Norman and contains many interesting religious items including remains of Norman wall decoration and a crucifix donated to the church by Italian soldiers during World War II. Sung Eucharist is held at the church every Sunday at 9.30 am and the church is also open every day for silent prayer.
 George Perkins Marsh Boyhood Home also known as Marsh-Billings House is a home in Woodstock Vermont that was the boyhood home of George Perkins Marsh an early conservationist. It is now located in the Marsh-Billings-Rockefeller National Historical Park.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1967.It is located at 54 Elm Street Vermont Route 12 in Woodstock.
 The Albert H. Kelly House at 418 South 200 West in Salt Lake City Utah is an Italianate house that was built in 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.In 1983 its NRHP nomination asserted it to be the best extant example in Utah of the vernacular form of the Italianate style which appeared in increasing numbers from the 1870s to the 1890s.
 All Saints' Church Misterton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Misterton Nottinghamshire England.
 Antilia is a residential complex in South Mumbai India. It is owned by Mukesh Ambani chairman of Reliance Industries Limited. It is reported to be the most expensive home in the world and includes a staff of 600 to maintain the residence.
 The Margaret Mitchell House is a historic house museum located in Atlanta. The structure was the home of author Margaret Mitchell. Located in Midtown at 990 Peachtree Street the house was known as the Crescent Apartments when Mitchell and her husband lived in Apt. 1 on the ground floor from 1925 to 1932. While living there Mitchell wrote the bulk of her Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Gone with the Wind.
 The Regal Theatre is a theatre located in the suburb of Subiaco in Perth Western Australia.The theatre was named for King George VI who at the time had taken up the throne.It was originally a theatre for films but in 1977 the Regal was converted into a live theatre.It is one of the few remaining theatres in Perth.
 Briggs Tavern is a historic building at 2 Anawan Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The tavern was built in 1780 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Woodland Street Historic District is a historic housing district in the Main South area of Worcester Massachusetts. It consists of 19 Victorian houses that either face or abut on Woodland Street between Charlotte and Oberlin Streets. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Oil City North Side Historic District also known as Cottage Hill Palace Hill and Polish Hill is a national historic district located at Oil City Venango County Pennsylvania. It is directly north of the Oil City Downtown Commercial Historic District. The district includes 1140 contributing buildings in a predominantly residential section of Oil City. It includes a few neighborhood commercial buildings churches and two schools.
 The Lake Hotel is one of a series of hotels built to accommodate visitors to Yellowstone National Park in the late 19th and early 20th century. Built originally in 1891 it was re-designed and substantially expanded by Robert Reamer architect of the Old Faithful Inn in 1903.
 SM Department Store Harrison is a stand-alone department store owned by SM Prime Holdings. Opened in 1984 adjacent to Harrison Plaza Shopping complex it is the 5th branch of SM (originally as Shoemart) opened by Henry Sy Sr..This classic branch of SM retained much of the original shopping concept of selling bags and shoes. Other than SM Department Store SM Harrison doesn't have the typical anchor stores and tenants found in other SM classic stores and SM Supermalls.
 One Franklin Square is a high-rise building at 1301 K Street NW in Washington D.C United States.
 University Health Network (UHN) is a medical centre thatcomprises four hospitals: Toronto Western Hospital Toronto General Hospital Princess Margaret Cancer Centre Toronto Rehabilitation Institute. These are a network of teaching hospitals affiliated with the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine. In total the organization devotes C$150 million a year to research and trains more than 3000 undergraduate graduate and medical students at its member hospitals and institutes.
 L’Espalier is a French restaurant located in Boston Massachusetts in the Back Bay neighborhood adjacent to the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. The chef and owner of L'Espalier is Frank McClelland who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Best Northeast Chef.
 Wiverton Hall is an English country house near Tithby Nottinghamshire. All but the Grade II* listed gatehouse was destroyed in the English Civil War.Wiverton Hall is considered to have been established by Sir Thomas Chaworth (d. 1458/9) in 1450. In 1627 his descendant Sir George Chaworth (d. 1639) was created Viscount Chaworth of Armagh and his son John Chaworth (d. 1644) the second Viscount was living at Wiverton.
 Manger Church (Norwegian: Manger kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Manger. The church is part of the Radøy parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1891 by the architect Hans Heinrich Jess who was from Bergen. The church which seats about 550 people was consecrated on 27 October 1891.
 Paradise Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in northeastern Phoenix Arizona. It opened in 1978 and is the hub of a master planned community called Paradise Valley Village. The entire project was developed by Westcor the leading shopping center developer in Arizona which is now a unit of The Macerich Company.
 The Odd Fellows Building in Raleigh North Carolina also known as the Commerce Building is a skyscraper built in 1923. It reflects Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements architecture and Classical Revival architecture. The Odd Fellows (IOOF) Building served as a meeting hall and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Belle Meade Plantation located in Belle Meade Tennessee is a historic plantation mansion whose grounds now function as a museum. It also currently serves as a wedding and event venue. Belle Meade Plantation consist of 30 remaining acres and features a winery visitor's center original outbuildings including the Harding cabin dairy carriage house stable mausoleum and a reconstructed slave quarters.
 Htukkanthein ( pronounced 'Htoke-kan-thein' in Arakanese) is one of the most famous temples in the ancient Arakanese city of Mrauk U in Rakhine State Western Myanmar. The name means Cross-Beam Ordination Hall.Like most of Mrauk U's Buddhist temples it is designed as a dual purpose 'fortress-temple'. Although it is a 'thein' (Ordination Hall) it is one of the most militaristic buildings in Mrauk U built on raised ground with a single entrance and small windows. According to Dr.
 The Cosmopolitan Church is a Protestant church building in Manila Philippines. The church building is one of the Cultural Properties of the Philippines in Metro Manila and is designated with the identifier PH-00-0053.
 The Boca Raton Resort & Club which opened February 6 1926 as the Ritz-Carlton Cloister Inn is a large resort and membership-based club located in Boca Raton Florida. Originally designed by California-born architect Addison Mizner it was intended to have been the second of two hotels with the other an oceanfront hotel.
 Mendham Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Second Free Baptist Church is a historic church building on Main Street south of Church Street in Alton New Hampshire.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Bouwerie Lane Theatre is a former bank building which became an Off-Broadway theatre located at 330 Bowery at Bond Street in Manhattan New York City. It is located in the NoHo Historic District.The cast-iron building which was constructed from 1873-1874 was designed by Henry Engelbert in the Italianate style for the Atlantic Savings Bank which became the Bond Street Saving Bank before the building was completed.
 The Gevorkian Seminary (Armenian: Գևորգյան Ճեմարան Gevorgyan Č̣emaran Armenian pronunciation: [gɛvɔɾkʰˈjɑn t͡ʃɛmɑˈɾɑn]) is a theological school-college of the Armenian Apostolic Church founded by Catholicos Gevork IV of Armenia in 1874. It is located in the city of Vagharshapat (Echmiadzin) within the complex of the Mother See of Holy Echmiadzin Republic of Armenia.
 Park Tower formerly known as SGZ-Hochhaus is a high-rise building in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. It was built in 1972 as the administrative headquarters of the Südwestdeutschen Genossenschafts-Zentralbank (since 2001 DZ Bank). The then 96-metre high building with a black and silver facade was briefly the tallest skyscraper in Frankfurt.
 The Charles Adams-Woodbury Locke House is an historic house at 178 Central Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The three-bay Greek Revival house was built about 1840 for a Boston leather merchant and was one of the first residences of a commuter rather than a farmer in Somerville.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Vinne Church (Norwegian: Vinne kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vinne. The church is part of the Vinne parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was built in 1817 and the main building is octagonal in shape.
 The Sandy Co-Op Block located at 8750 South Center St. (150 East) in Sandy Utah was built in 1889. Known later as Sandy Museum it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Its 1992 NRHP nomination asserted it is important as a distinct and important type of commercial structure which was common in Sandy City in the latter half of the nineteenth century.
 The Old Churchyard Cemetery (also known locally as the Stafford Hill Cemetery and the Jenks Road Cemetery) is a historic cemetery on Jenks Road in Cheshire. It is one of Cheshire's oldest cemeteries and is located near the site of the first Baptist meetinghouse in the town.
 The Château de Meywihr is a ruined 10th century castle in the commune of Ammerschwihr in the Haut-Rhin département of France. The castle is also known as Minnewiller or Meiwihr.
 Elsing Green Plantation a National Historic Landmark and wildlife refuge rests upon nearly 3000 acres (1200 ha) along the Pamunkey River in King William County Virginia a rural county on the western end of the state’s middle peninsula approximately 33 miles (53 km) northeast of the City of Richmond. The 18th-century plantation now owned by the Lafferty family has been in continuous operation for more than 300 years.
 The Adelaide Convention Centre is a large convention centre on North Terrace Adelaide Australia. It was the first purpose-built convention centre to be built in Australia.The convention centre was constructed over part of the Adelaide Railway Station together with the Hyatt Regency Hotel (now the InterContinental Hotel) Exhibition Hall and an office block in the 1980s as part of the Adelaide Station and Environs Redevelopment (ASER) project.
 OKO is a complex of buildings located on plot 16 in the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow. The site is divided into 16a and 16b.Section № 16aOn the section 16a two high-rise buildings will be built one of 49 storeys and 245 meters high (North Tower) and the other of 85 storeys with a height of 352 meters (South Tower). Each building will also have an underground floor.
 The Cora Bryant Wheeler House also known as the Mrs. Coleman H. Wheeler House is a historic house located in Portland Oregon United States. Architect A. E. Doyle designed this 1923 Arts and Crafts house to take full advantage of its prominent and demanding ridgetop location.
 Prospect Farm was built by steamboat captain J. C. Jenkins on a hill overlooking Petersburg Kentucky. Jenkins was born in Orange County Virginia and moved to Boone County in 1832. He invested in the Boone County Distilling Company and also raised cattle on the 1200 acres then comprising Prospect Farm.The house includes a three-stage tower in three different styles; a two-story semi-octagonal facade bay; and two-tier side porches.
 Dream Mall (Chinese: 夢時代購物中心; pinyin: Mèngshídài Gòuwù Zhòngxīn) located in Qianzhen District Kaohsiung Taiwan is the largest shopping mall in Taiwan and the largest in East Asia. It is built and operated by Tungcheng Development Corporation (Chinese: 統正開發股份有限公司) a subsidiary of Uni-President Enterprises Corporation Taiwan's largest food conglomerate that also runs subsidiaries in many other industries.
 Priory of the Holy Trinity was a priory in Suffolk England. It was named in the Domesday Book although the build date of the first known building was 1177. After a fire the monastery was rebuilt by John de Oxford in 1194. The priory was condemned in 1536.
 The Lund Cathedral (Swedish: Lunds domkyrka) is the Lutheran cathedral in Lund Scania Sweden. It is the seat of the bishop of Lund of the Church of Sweden.
 Statens Museum for Kunst (English: Statens Museum or sometimes National Gallery of Denmark) is the Danish national gallery located in Copenhagen.The museum collects registers maintains researches in and handles Danish and foreign art dating from the 14th century till the present day mostly with their origins in western culture circles.
 The Oriental Building Association No. 6 Building is a historic building located at 600 F Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Penn Quarter neighborhood.
 The Barclay Tower is a skyscraper located in New York City's TriBeCa near Lower Manhattan. The residential building rises 673 feet (205 m) above street level containing 56 floors for 441 rental units. Construction of the building lasted from 2005 to 2007 with the topping out ceremony happening in Fall 2006.
 The Hitching Post and The Hitching Post II are upscale American sister steakhouse restaurants.
 St Matthew's Church Little Lever is in the village of Little Lever Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. St Matthew's is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Ashland is the name of the plantation of the 19th-century Kentucky statesman Henry Clay located in Lexington Kentucky in the central Bluegrass region of the state. It is a registered National Historic Landmark. The Ashland Stakes a Thoroughbred horse race at Keeneland Race Course that has run annually since the race course first opened in 1936 was named for the historically important estate.
 Moi City is a 303 m (995 ft) supertall skyscraper located in Wuxi China. Construction of the building is expected to be completed in 2013. When finished it will rank 82nd tallest building in the world.
 The Church of St. James in Sandomierz also known as the Shrine of Blessed Sadok and 48 Dominican martyrs Monastery of Dominicans (Convent of St. James) Shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary is one of the oldest brick churches in Poland (probably in Europe) and the second oldest Dominican monastery in Poland (after the monastery in Cracow). This church is a unique indirect form of Romano-Gothic style. The Roman ceramic decorations on the outside gabled walls are unusual and beautifully done.
 Dighton Wharves Historic District is a historic district at 2298-2328 Pleasant Street in Dighton Massachusetts.The district features Georgian Greek Revival and Italianate architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 All Saints' Church Babworth is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Babworth.
 Aut Even Hospital is a private hospital founded in 1915 in Kilkenny Ireland offering healthcare to privately insured patients. The name is a transcription of the Irish áit aoibhinn meaning beautiful place.
 Elmgrove Gardens Historic District is a historic district between Rochambeau Morris and Cole Avenues and Fosdyke and Woodbury Streets in Providence Rhode Island.The district features mid-19th century revivals and late-Victorian architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 William De Clark House is located in Closter Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1776 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 St George's Bloomsbury is a parish church in Bloomsbury London Borough of Camden United Kingdom.
 The Galen Merriam House is a historic house at 102 Highland Street in Newton Massachusetts. This 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built in the 1840s apparently for Galen Merriam a Boston coal merchant. The mansion house features elaborate Italianate styling including brackets in its eaves and on its porch which wraps around three sides of the house.
 The Worcester Corset Company Factory is an historic factory building at 30 Wyman Street in Worcester Massachusetts in the Main South neighborhood. The oldest part of the factory was built in 1895 with expansion of the facilities taking place up to 1909. The buildings were designed by Arthur Gray for the Worcester Corset Company whose origins date to an 1861 business by David Hale Fanning making hoops for skirts but shifted to manufacturing corsets after fashions changed.
 Cortland County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Cortland in Cortland County New York. It was built in 1924 and is three story building in the shape of a Latin cross built of Indiana limestone. It is located within a three acre park. It features a distinctive cupola and corresponding rotunda which rests on an octagonal base above which are 24 Corinthian columns.
 The Elko Main Post Office located at 275 Third in Elko Nevada was built in 1933. Its Mediterranean Revival design is credited to U.S. Supervising architect James A. Wetmore. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).It is a combination post office and federal office building. It is a two-story tall building with a brick exterior and quoins at the corners upon a raised basement.
 The St. Andrews Evangelical German Lutheran Church near Zeeland North Dakota United States was built in 1893 by Germans from Russia. Also known as St. Andrews Lutheran Parish District the historic area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The listing included four contributing buildings and one contributing site.The district includes the original 1893 church a 1906 church a parsonage and a cemetery.One work includes Colonial Revival architecture.
 The Huey P. Long Mansion in New Orleans Louisiana was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The 1920s Mediterranean Revival house is at 14 Audubon Boulevard a short distance back from Willow Street and the Tulane University campus. It was formerly owned by Louisiana Governor Huey P. Long although Long only occasionally resided here. The house is still privately owned.
 Fourth Church of Christ Scientist located at 134 Polk Avenue in New Orleans Louisiana is an historic structure that on July 19 2002 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1925 it was formerly the Lakeview Presbyterian Church. Like the rest of the Lakeview section of New Orleans it was damaged in the levee failure disaster during Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It has been rebuilt.
 The Captain Nathan Hale Monument is a 45-foot (14 m) obelisk in Coventry Connecticut built in 1846 in honor of Nathan Hale the Revolutionary War hero who was born in Coventry.The monument's architectural style has been described as Greek Revival and Exotic Revival. A retaining wall made of massive stones five feet in length was built in 1894. It was designed by Henry Austin and Solomon Willard supervised construction.
 The Children's Museum of Denver is a children's museum located in Denver Colorado in the Central Platte Valley.
 Fort Belan (alternate: Belan Fort; pronounced: Bell-ann) is a coastal fortress in North Wales. It is located opposite Abermenai Point at the south-western end of the Menai Strait on the coast of Gwynedd in the parish of Llanwnda. Situated at the tip of the Dinlle Peninsula the windblown north-westernmost point of the Welsh mainland the fort is physically cut off twice a day by the incoming sea.
 Bogle-Walker House was a historic house at 55 and 62 Goodman's Road in Sudbury Massachusetts. The farmland on which the house sat was subdivided into house lots and the house itself was dismantled.
 Fox Chase Inn is a historic inn and tavern located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1765 and is a two-story two bay rectangular stone structure in the Penn Plan. It was later expanded to a two-story four bay double entrance Georgian style building. It has a full-width front porch. The building housed an inn and tavern until 1800.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Winslow Chemical Laboratory was a laboratory of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute campus in Troy New York United States which finished construction in 1866. It is named in honor of the 5th President of RPI John F. Winslow who donated half of the construction cost. The building is brick with stone trimmings and was originally constructed with butternut chestnut and black walnut. The whole building was fitted for complete courses in general and analytical chemistry.
 EQT Plaza formerly known as the CNG Tower and later the Dominion Tower is a major and distinctive skyscraper in Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The structure was built for Consolidated Natural Gas a regional energy company. In 1999 CNG was purchased by Dominion Energy which moved out of the building in 2007.
 York Lodge also known as Bittersweet is a historic home and national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The district contains six contributing buildings and one contributing site. The main house which was built about 1904 is an eclectic mansion with features reflecting a combination of the then popular Jacobethan Revival Georgian Revival and Shingle Styles. It is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame dwelling built as a summer residence.
 The Lake Superior Maritime Visitor Center is a museum operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. The museum is located near the Aerial Lift Bridge in Duluth Minnesota and overlooks the entrance to the Duluth-Superior harbor.The museum and grounds are all property of the U.S. federal government. All visitors are welcome to visit this museum without paying.
 Chappell Hill Circulating Library is a historic library on Cedar Street in Chappell Hill Texas.It was built in 1912 in a Colonial Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 20 1985.
 Sandusky Mall is an indoor shopping center located in Perkins Township south of Sandusky Ohio. It is located on the east side of Milan Road/US 250 north of the Ohio Turnpike/I-80/I-90 and Route 2. The mall comprises more than seventy stores including four anchor stores: Elder-Beerman JCPenney Macy's and Sears. JCPenney had previously operated a store downtown while Sears relocated into the mall in 1986 replacing a Montgomery Ward that had closed.
 St Nicholas' Church Hockerton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Hockerton.
 Nkqubela Chest Hospital is a specialised TB hospital situated in Mdantsane near East London Eastern Cape in South Africa. It was established in 1965 and was previously operated by Lifecare as a TB hospital.The hospital departments include Medical Services Paediatrics Out Patients Department Pharmacy TB Services PMTC & VCT Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS X-Ray Services Occupational Services Laundry Services and Kitchen Services.
 The Rourke Art Museum is a fine arts museum in Moorhead Minnesota United States founded by James O'Rourke. The associated Rourke Art Gallery is nearby at 523 South Fourth Street in the historic Martinson House built in 1875. These two institutions comprise The Rourke Art Gallery Museum a public non-profit corporation.The art museum can be found at 521 Main Avenue in a historic Federal Courthouse and Post Office built in 1915.
 The Ottawa High School and Junior High School located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively are the historic former high school and junior high school] in Ottawa Kansas. The high school was built in 1917 while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school. The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa. George P.
 The John Ballantine House was the home of Jeannette Boyd (1838–1919) and John Holme Ballantine (1834–1895). John was the son of Peter Ballantine founder of the Ballantine beer brewery and became president of the family business in 1883 after his father died. Ballantine died in 1895 of throat cancer.The house was built in 1885 at 49 Washington Street in the Washington Park section of Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.
 The Holy Trinity Orthodox Cathedral in Lutsk Ukraine forms part of the Bernardine Monastery and Church. It is located on Theatre Square in the center of the city. The monastery was built in 1721. The church designed by architect Paweł Giżycki was completed in 1789. Removed from ownership of the Bernardine monks in the second half of the 19th century the complex of buildings was donated to the Orthodox community of Lutsk.
 The Buchanan Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Licking Township Clarion County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1844 and is a cold blast charcoal furnace measuring 30 feet by 33 feet at the base and 33 feet tall. It had a maximum production of 1200 tons per year and was abandoned in 1858 because of a lack of timber to be used as fuel.Thirty-one iron furnaces were built in Clarion County mostly from 1840-1850.
 Mingo Creek Presbyterian Church and Churchyard is a church and historic location in Washington County Pennsylvania. It is located at the junction of Pennsylvania Route 88 and Mingo Church Road in Union Township Washington County Pennsylvania near Courtney Pennsylvania. It is a member of the Washington Presbytery.The original log Presbyterian meetinghouse was built in 1793.
 The South School of Torrington Connecticut is a Beaux Arts architecture building from 1915 designed by Wilson Potter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It's significant as a well-preserved example of the work of Wilson Potter a New York City-based designer of schools throughout the Northeastern U.S.The building has been renovated for use as residential apartments. In 2010 a sign describes it as South School Garden View Apartments.
 Igreja de Santa Luzia is a church in Lisbon Portugal. It is classified as a National Monument.
 Mount Saint Michael (known colloquially as The Mount) is a former Jesuit Roman Catholic school and compound in Spokane Washington that was later sold to Congregation of Mary Immaculate Queen (CMRI) a Sedevacantist Catholic group. Sedevacantists are traditionalist Catholics who do not accept the authority of the current putative Pope.It serves as the home of Saint Michael's Academy and as a parish center for Sedevacanists in the Spokane area.
 The South Shore Cultural Center in Chicago Illinois is a cultural facility located at 71st Street and South Shore Drive in the city's South Shore neighborhood. It encompasses the grounds of the former South Shore Country Club.The South Shore Country Club was founded in 1905 as a suburban counterpart to the urban clubs of Chicago such as the Athletic Club. The original building was built at that time designed by architects Marshall and Fox in a Mediterranean Revival style.
 The Château de Saint-Félix-Lauragais is a castle in the commune of Saint-Félix-Lauragais in the Haute-Garonne département of France.The castle was originally constructed in the 11th century. The first Synod of the Cathar church known as the Council of Saint-Félix was held there in 1167. In the 14th century the castle was transformed into a country house by a brother of Pope John XXII.
 The Hotel Russell is a four star hotel located on Russell Square Bloomsbury London owned and operated by the Principal Hayley Group. It was built in 1898 by the architect Charles Fitzroy Doll. It is distinctively clad in decorative thé-au-lait (tea with milk) terracotta and was based on the Château de Madrid on the Bois de Boulogne in Paris.
 Triple V is a corporation based in the Philippines that owns a string of restaurant chains specializing in a number of different cuisines.
 Hamoudi Mosque is a mosque in Djibouti City Djibouti.
 Jethro Coffin House also known as the Oldest House is a saltbox house built in 1686 and located on Sunset Hill Road in Nantucket Massachusetts is the oldest house on Nantucket in its original location and is the only surviving structure from the island's 17th Century English settlement. It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Because of the brick design on its chimney it is also called the Horseshoe House.
 Mechanicsville is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located northwest of the city's downtown area. One of the city's oldest neighborhoods Mechanicsville was established in the late 1860s for skilled laborers working in the many factories that sprang up along Knoxville's periphery. The neighborhood still contains a significant number of late-19th-century Victorian homes and a notable concentration of early-20th-century shotgun houses.
 Alston House also known as McDuffie's Antiques is located at 1811 Gervais St. in Columbia South Carolina. The Greek Revival style house was built in 1872 and is significant for its architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Thomas H. Leggett House is a historic house located at 346 W. 21st St. in Merced California. Built circa 1890 the house is designed in the Queen Anne style and also features elements of the Stick and Eastlake style. The front and west sides of the house feature decorative projecting gables; a frieze decorated with quarter sunbursts lies below the gables. The roof is topped by a widow's walk with a decorative iron railing. Thomas H.
 Cedar Grove is a historic home located at Leitersburg Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story four-bay brick-cased log dwelling with a central chimney built of stone and brick. The original part of the house was built about 1760 with later Federal-style additions. The house is likely one of the early tenement houses on Lord Baltimore's Conococheague Manor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Arab Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Arab at Piercefield in St. Lawrence County New York. The station includes a 40-foot-tall (12 m) steel frame lookout tower erected in 1918 an observers cabin built about 1948 a trace of the foundation of the original cabin a structure probably used as a root cellar in the 1940s and the foot trail.
 The Palazzo Litta also known as the Palazzo Arese-Litta is a Baroque structure in Milan northern Italy opposite San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore and dating from the period of Spanish rule of the city. Architect Francesco Maria Richini built the nucleus of the palazzo in the years 1642–1648 for Count Bartolomeo Arese a member of one of the most influential Milanese families of the period who became President of the Senate of Milan in 1660.
 Big House is a historic home located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. The Big House is the oldest dwelling in Palisades and the only building remaining from the hamlet's formative years. It was built about 1735 and is a large stone dwelling in a vernacular ethnic Dutch style. It consists of a rectangular central block flanked on either side by wings.
 The Hyde Park Firehouse is located along US 9 in downtown Hyde Park New York USA. It was built in 1905 as headquarters for the Eagle Engine and Rescue fire company which later became part of the Hyde Park Fire Department and moved to newer quarters a block further up Route 9. Architects John O'Donnell and William Beardsley designed it in a Renaissance Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Evergreen is a historic home at Owensville Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story white frame house composed of several sections the earliest of which was built about 1760 and constructed by George Neall in the Federal style. The house reflects building evolution from the third quarter of the 18th century to the late 19th century.Evergreen was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Fort Ticonderoga formerly Fort Carillon is a large 18th-century star fort built by the French at a narrows near the south end of Lake Champlain in upstate New York in the United States. It was constructed by Canadien Michel Chartier de Lotbinière Marquis de Lotbinière between 1754 and 1757 during the Seven Years' War often referred to as the French and Indian War in the US.
 Lucky Lou's is a bar located in the college town of Denton Texas and as of May 2013 is the most patronized by alcohol sales.Opened in 1996 Lou's has established itself as one of the most highly acclaimed bars in the area and has a beer specifically created in honor of this by Franconia Brewing Company. The bar has more than 25 beers on tap three separate bar serving areas a couple of foosball tables arcade games and pool tables.
 Fort Boreman is a historic archaeological site encompassing a Civil War fortification located near Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1863 by Company A of the 11th West Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment. It is a series of paired approximately four foot deep trenches encircling the top of the hill in a zigzag pattern.
 Pittock House is a house located in Camas Washington United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cueva Lucero is an archeological site near Juana Díaz Puerto Rico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Pennsylvania Railroad's class H8 H9s and H10s steam locomotives were of the 2-8-0 Consolidation type the last three classes of such built by the railroad. The three classes differed only in cylinder diameter and thus tractive effort each subsequent class increasing that measurement by an inch. The first H8 was built in 1907 and the last H10 in 1916; within a few years they were replaced on heavy freight assignments by 2-8-2s and 2-10-0.
 Wallasey Memorial Unitarian Church is a redundant church in Manor Road Liscard Wallasey Wirral England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Dubai Pearl is a 73 storey 300 m (984 ft) tall residential skyscraper under construction along Al Sufouh Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It consists of four mixed-use towers connected together at the base and by a sky bridge at the top. Construction is set for completion in 2016.The structural design was carried out by Dubai based engineering firm e-Construct* Construction was started in 2009 and the project will cost $4 billion (Dh14.6 billion).
 Blaffer Art Museum is the art museum of the University of Houston. It was founded in 1973 and has won several awards including the Coming Up Taller Award as part of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities. The gallery exhibits national and international works as well as artwork by students.
 Eastham Unit (EA) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for men and located in unincorporated Houston County Texas GPS Coordinates 30.978106 -95.632274. The 12789 acres (5176 ha) prison is located at the dead end of Farm to Market Road 230 near Lovelady and 13 miles (21 km) west of Trinity.
 Joseph P. Winston House also known as the Winston House is a historic residence in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1873-1874 for wholesale grocer Joseph P. Winston and is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick residence. It features a half-story ogee-curved mansard roof with black slate shingles. It also has an elaborate cast-iron front porch and original cast-iron picket fence with gate. Also included is the adjacent Richmond Art Company Building.
 Mitra Samaja is a vegetarian restaurant in Udupi Karnataka India. It is located on Car Street very close to the Krishna temple. The restaurant serves authentic Udupi cuisine.Mitra Samaja is very popular amongst visitors to the town.[citation needed] The most famous dish in the restaurant is Goli Baje a South Canara delicacy. The hotel is also well known for its Masala Dosa and coffee.
 Emu Hall is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Emu Plains in the state of New South Wales Australia. It is 58 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the City of Penrith and is part of the Greater Western Sydney region. The house is on the western side of the Nepean River located at the foot of the Blue Mountains.
 The Phoenix Shot Tower also known as the Old Baltimore Shot Tower is a red brick shot tower 234.25 feet (71.40 m) tall located near the downtown Jonestown (also known later as Old Town) and Little Italy communities of East Baltimore in Maryland. When it was completed in 1828 it was the tallest structure in the United States. The tower was originally known as the Phoenix Shot Tower then the Merchants' Shot Tower and now is also sometimes called the Old Baltimore Shot Tower.
 Community House First Congregational Church is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was built in the Prairie School architectural style in 1914. On July 18 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
 59 West 12th Street is a landmarked residential building located in the Greenwich Village Historic District in lower Manhattan in New York City.It was built by the developer brothers Bing & Bing with noted architect Emery Roth whose other work includes The Beresford and The Eldorado.It was granted an occupancy license on August 7 1931 and houses 101 condominium apartments.
 The Glacier Basin Campground Ranger Station in Rocky Mountain National Park was built in 1930 to a design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. The National Park Service Rustic log and stone structure was designed to blend with the landscape and continues to function as a ranger station.
 Karrinyup Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre located in Karrinyup a suburb of Perth that was established in 1973.
 Wesleyan Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Seneca Falls in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1843. All interior features have been removed and three original walls stand. It was the site of the Seneca Falls Convention an early and influential women's rights convention where Elizabeth Cady Stanton demanded the right of women to vote.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Cleveland Street Workhouse is a Georgian property in Cleveland Street Marylebone built between 1775 and 1778 for the care of the sick and poor of the parish of St Paul Covent Garden under the Old Poor Law. From 1836 it became the workhouse of the Strand Union of parishes. The building remained in operation until 2005 after witnessing the complex evolution of the healthcare system in England.
 The Corpus Christi R.C. Church Complex is a series of several buildings located on Buffalo's historic East Side. The complex contains the Kolbe Center Sears Street Hall Rectory Convent and the huge sandstone church that towers over the neighborhood. The complex school was closed in 1982 and has been razed.
 Jefferson Park is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) park in the Jefferson Park community area of Chicago Illinois on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sainte Marie among the Iroquois (originally known as Sainte Marie de Ganentaa or St. Mary's of Ganantaa) was a 17th-century French Jesuit mission located in the middle of the Onondaga nation of the Haudenosaunee/Iroquois. It was located on Onondaga Lake near modern-day Syracuse New York. The original mission was in use only from 1656 to 1658 but a modern replica is in operation as a museum and interpretive center.
 The Florence County Courthouse and Jail built in 1889 is an historic complex of governmental buildings located at 501 Lake Street in Florence Wisconsin. Designed by architect James E. Clancy of Antigo in the Romanesque style it was built of brick with local sandstone and blue limestone trim and terra cotta roofs.
 Oak Hall is a building and property on Wilson Pike in Brentwood Tennessee that dates from 1845 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It has also been known as Century Oak.It was built by Thomas Wilson an early settler of Williamson County and namesake of Wilson Pike who had originally built a log home then had built Ravenswood in 1825. Oak Hall and another home Inglehame were built by Wilson for his children.
 The Hutchings Homestead also known as the Cannonball House is located in Springfield Union County New Jersey United States. The homestead was built in 1741 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 16 1977.
 China International Trust and Investment (CITIC) Plaza (simplified Chinese: 中信广场; traditional Chinese: 中信廣場; pinyin: Zhōngxìn Guǎngchǎng) is an 80-storey 391 m (1283 ft) skyscraper in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou Guangdong People's Republic of China. Its structural height includes two antenna-like spires on the top. Completed in 1997 it is the tallest concrete building in the world. Currently it ranks as the eighth tallest building in China 11th in Asia and 16th worldwide.
 Junee Correctional Centre an Australian medium and minimum security prison for males is located at Junee New South Wales 450 kilometres (280 mi) south-west of Sydney and 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Wagga Wagga. The first privately run correctional centre in NSW Junee Correctional Centre opened on 19 March 1993 following an expression of interest process initiated by the Government of New South Wales.
 The McCord Museum (in French Musée McCord) is a public research and teaching museum dedicated to the preservation study diffusion and appreciation of Canadian history. The museum whose full name is McCord Museum of Canadian History is located at 690 Sherbrooke Street West next to McGill University in downtown Montreal Quebec Canada.
 Hammersmith Hospital formerly the Military Orthopaedic Hospital and later the Special Surgical Hospital is a major teaching hospital in West London. It is part of Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham and is associated with the Imperial College Faculty of Medicine. Confusingly the hospital is not in Hammersmith at all but is located north of White City adjacent to Wormwood Scrubs and East Acton rather than in Hammersmith itself.
 Mohican II is a historic steel riveted hull excursion steamboat located at Lake George in Warren County New York. She was built in 1907-08 for the Lake George Steamboat Company by the T.S. Marvel Shipuilding Company of Newburgh New York. She measures 117 ft (36 m) in length 26 ft (7.9 m) in beam and 8.3 ft (2.5 m) depth of hold.
 St James House is a grade II listed building in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It is in the historic St James Square neighbourhood within the Medieval town walls. While the house currently has an attractive 18th-century facade it originated as a burgage tenement. In addition behind the house evidence of a kiln has been unearthed with both Medieval and Post-medieval pottery.
 Pitts' Folly is a historic antebellum Greek Revival residence located in Uniontown Alabama. The house was built by Phillip Henry Pitts as his main home. It was designed by architect B. F. Parsons who also designed the nearby Perry County Courthouse in Marion. Many local legends detail how the house gained its name but they all center around the fact that the people of Uniontown believed it to be folly or foolishness that Pitts was building such a large house.
 Milimar is a historic home located at Silver Spring Montgomery County Maryland United States. Milimar is a 2 1⁄2-story brick house that is Georgian in style. The house is believed to have been built by Henry Lazenby II a descendant of a family which came to Maryland at the very beginning of the 18th century.Milimar was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 A castle with crenellated walls and towers. Built for the medieval emperor and King of Sicily Frederick II Holy Roman Emperor it was built in Prato Italy on top of a previous fortification of which two towers remain.When Frederick II died building was stopped and the interior was never finished. The castle is open to the public and although some destruction took place during the fascist regime reconstruction work has begun and is ongoing.
 New Kensington Downtown Historic District also known as the New Kensington Commercial and Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at New Kensington Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 143 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of New Kensington. They were built between about 1891 and 1947 and includes a mix of residential commercial institutional and industrial properties.
 Citibank House is an 18-storey office building in Perth Western Australia. The 224-foot (68 m) building was opened in 1962 as the T & G Building and was the tallest building in Perth until 1970 when Hamersley House was opened. It underwent a major refurbishment in the 1980s which significantly altered the building's external features. The building adopted its current name when Citibank became its flagship tenant. As of December 2008 the tower is the 26th-tallest completed building in Perth.
 The José Serrano Adobe is a historic 1863 adobe house in Lake Forest Orange County California. The property is one of four historic buildings in the Heritage Hill Historic Park. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 1976.
 The Gerald Harbach Round Barn is a round barn near Eleroy an unincorporated community in Stephenson County Illinois United States. The builder and designer of the building are unknown but it is very similar to round barns designed by the team of Jeremiah Shaffer and the Hass Brothers. It was probably built around the same time as the James Bruce Round Barn erected in 1914 in Freeport. The Harbach Round Barn was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Joslin Dry Goods Company Building (also known as the Tritch Building or the Joslin Building) is a historic building in downtown Denver Colorado. The Joslins Building is a landmark and is currently a Courtyard by Marriott property.Joslins Department Store began as J. Joslins Dry Goods Store founded by John Jay Joslin in 1873; It was a direct competitor to The Denver Dry Goods Company which commenced operations in 1888. J.
 The Boone County Jail at Central Ave. and Willow St. in Harrison Arkansas was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 for its architecture. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson.
 The Wolfsonian–Florida International University or The Wolfsonian-FIU located in the heart of the Art Deco District of Miami Beach Florida is a museum library and research center that uses its collection to illustrate the persuasive power of art and design.
 The British Museum Reading Room situated in the centre of the Great Court of the British Museum used to be the main reading room of the British Library. In 1997 this function moved to the new British Library building at St Pancras London but the Reading Room remains in its original form inside the new British Museum.
 The New York Life Insurance Building New York located at 51 Madison Avenue Manhattan New York City across from Madison Square Park is the headquarters of the New York Life Insurance Company.
 The Castle also known as Usen Castle is a historic building at 415 South Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The Medieval structure built in the style of a Norman castle (its apparent inspiration was Cavendish Castle in Ireland) was built in 1928 by Dr. John Hall Smith founder of the Middlesex College of Medicine and Surgery. After that school closed in 1945 its campus was acquired by the founders of Brandeis University.
 Bitar Mansion also known as Harry A. Green House or the Harry A. and Ada Green House is a mansion in the Laurelhurst neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States. The 12000-square-foot (1100 m2) and 17 room structure was designed by architect Herman Brookman and built in 1927 for $410000 equivalent to $5.57 million today. The Mediterranean-style house contains a grand ballroom and many elaborate details.
 The Edgar Allan E. A. Poe House in Fayetteville North Carolina was built in 1896 and 1897 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is named after the successful businessman politician and civic leader who built it; not the well-known American author Edgar Allan Poe. To avoid confusion the Fayetteville native is generally referenced as E. A. in the local area and the historic house museum is known simply as Poe House.
 The Captain Stephen Olney House is an historic site on Smithfield Road in North Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1802 in a Federal style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 St Michael the Archangel's Church Booton is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Booton Norfolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the east of the village. It is often known as the Cathedral of the Fields.
 The Crawford County Jail also known as Old Crawford County Jail located in Knoxville Georgia is one of the oldest jails in Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 18 1989. The jail now serves as a museum for the annual Georgia JugFest and Old Knoxville Days festival held annually in Knoxville during the third Saturday of May. Inside there is a history of the jail including what the jail looked like when it was still in use.
 The Sidney D. Miller Middle School also known as the Sidney D. Miller Junior High and High School is a school building located at 2322 DuBois Street in Detroit Michigan. It served as a high school from 1933 to 1957 and was significant as the de facto high school serving African American students in Detroit. It was designated a state of Michigan Historic Site in 1986 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Holy Trinity Gough Square was a Victorian church in the City of London.
 The Redstone Building also known as the Redstone Labor Temple was formerly called The San Francisco Labor Temple was constructed and operated by the San Francisco Labor Council Hall Associates. Initial planning started in 1910 with most construction work done during 1914. Its primary tenant was the San Francisco Labor Council including 22 labor union offices as well as meeting halls.
 The opéra de la Bastille or more commonly opéra Bastille (Bastille Opera House) is a modern opera house in Paris France.
 Skinnskatteberg Church (Swedish: Skinnskattebergs kyrka) is a church in Skinnskatteberg Sweden. It was built between 1858 and 1863 and was inaugurated in 1865.The Baptismal font is made of brass and was produced in 1684. It was a gift from Lars Nilsson.
 Goldsmith Hall is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus serving as the primary home of the School of Architecture. It was designed by Paul Cret who also designed the Main Building (aka the Tower) the Union Building and the Texas Memorial Museum on the same campus.
 Ivan Meštrović Gallery (Croatian: Galerija Meštrović) is an art museum in Split Croatia dedicated to the work of the 20th-century sculptor Ivan Meštrović. The gallery preserves and presents to the public the most significant works of Meštrović and is in itself an art monument. The permanent collection includes works of sculpture drawings design furniture and architecture. Holdings include original plaster models by the artist as well as finished works in bronze marble and wood.
 Château de Montbron (Landes) is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 16th century.
 Clarkson-Watson House also known as the Bank of Germantown and Germantown Historical Society is a historic home located in the Wister neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built between 1740 and 1750 and modified in the 1770s. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone dwelling with a rear brick addition. It has a gable roof with dormers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church on Polin Road in Charleston Montgomery County New York. It is believed to have been built in the 1820s and remodeled during the 1860s. It is a rural vernacular wood-frame church executed in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. The 1 1⁄2-story heavy timber-framed structure features a square hip-roofed bell tower. Also on the property are a cemetery dry-laid stone wall and receiving vault.
 Signature Tower Jakarta was a proposed building in Jakarta. In 2013 the tower was cancelled.[citation needed] Construction would have expected to start in 2014 and it would have been completed in 2020. It would have become the 5th tallest building in the world.
 The Archaeological Museum of Alicante (Spanish: Museo Arqueológico Provincial de Alicante Valencian: Museu Arqueològic Provincial d'Alacant abbreviated as MARQ) is an archaeological museum in Alicante Spain. The museum won the European Museum of the Year Award in 2004 a few years after significant expansion and reallocation to renovated buildings of the antique hospital of San Juan de Dios.
 The Château de Castelnau-Montratier was originally a 13th-century castle in the commune of Castelnau-Montratier in the Lot département of France.The château has 13th century façade built in stone and in which are three double windows each surmounted by an arch resting on a sculpted capital. The castle is privately owned. It has been listed since 1924 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 El Manzano is a prison in the city of Concepción Chile. After the 2010 Chile earthquake a prison riot began following a failed escape attempt by the inmates. Different parts of the prison were set on fire and the riot was only controlled after the guards shot into the air and received help from military units.On March 3 of 2005 it was reported that guards had found a 7 meter long tunnel made by inmates.
 Day Peckinpaugh is a historic canal motorship berthed at the Matton Shipyard on Peebles Island Cohoes in Albany County New York.
 St Michael's Church Farnsfield is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Farnsfield.
 Dundas Castle is a historic house in Roscoe New York modeled after Dundas Castle. It is also known as Craig-E-Clare.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 West-Park Presbyterian Church is a Romanesque Revival Presbyterian church located on the corner of Amsterdam Avenue at 86th Street on Manhattan's Upper West Side New York City consisting of a main sanctuary and chapel.
 St George's Chapel is the place of worship at Windsor Castle in England United Kingdom. It is both a royal peculiar and the chapel of the Order of the Garter.
 The Union Auto Company is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. In 2007 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 All Saints is an Anglican church in Corn Street Bristol England.The west end of the nave survives from the original 12th-century church and the east nave and aisles were built in the 15th century. The north-east tower was added in 1716 by William Paul and completed by George Townesend. The lantern was rebuilt by Luke Henwood in 1807 and the chancel rebuilt in the mid-19th century.The church is surrounded on three sides by pedestrian passageways and built into surrounding buildings.
 Groton High School is a historic high school building located at Groton in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1919-1920 and features Classical Revival details such as six monumental engaged Doric order columns. The front block of the building is three stories in height with a rear projection set back and reduced in height to two then one stories and forming a T shaped configuration.
 The Arlington Hills Library is a 1916 Beaux Arts library building designed by Cameron and Company. It is one of three Carnegie Libraries in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The public library closed on Saturday March 15 2014 and is expected to reopen in May 2014 as part of a new joint community center. The building is up for sale by the City of Saint Paul for adaptive reuse that will maintain the historic structure.
 The Ruth and Raymond G. Perelman Building—originally the Fidelity Mutual Life Insurance Company Building—is an annex of the Philadelphia Museum of Art containing exhibition galleries offices conservation labs and the museum library. It is an Art Deco building that features cathedral-like entrances and is adorned with sculpture and gilding. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 El Presidio Reál de San Diego (Royal Presidio of San Diego) is a historic fort in San Diego California. It was established on May 14 1769 by Commandant Pedro Fages for the Spanish Empire. It was the first permanent European settlement on the Pacific Coast of the present-day United States. As the first of the presidios and Spanish missions in California it was the base of operations for the Spanish colonization of California.
 Children's Hospital of Orange County also known by its acronym CHOC and branded as CHOC Children's is a children's hospital located in Orange County California.For more than 45 years CHOC Children’s has been steadfastly committed to providing the highest quality medical care to children.
 Novant Health Huntersville Medical Center a part of the Novant Health organization is a private 60-bed not-for-profit medical facility located in Huntersville North Carolina.
 The Four Seasons Hotel is a hotel located in Washington D.C in the United States. It is an AAA 5-star Hotel. It opened in 1979. The hotel has 222 rooms and has served numerous heads of state royalty sultans and rock and film stars.The hotel was refurbished in 2008 at a cost of $40000000. In 2012 the hotel spent $1000000 renovating its breakfast and lunch-only restaurant.
 Central Plaza is a 78-storey 374 m (1227 ft) skyscraper completed in August 1992 at 18 Harbour Road in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. It is the third tallest tower in the city after 2 IFC in Central and the ICC in West Kowloon. It was the tallest building in Asia from 1992 to 1996 until the Shun Hing Square in neighbouring Shenzhen was built.
 Burgruine Dürnstein is a ruin of a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 The Howard Steamboat Museum or the Howard National Steamboat Museum is located in Jeffersonville Indiana across from Louisville Kentucky. Based in the old Howard home it features items related to steamboat history.The home was built in 1890 by Edmonds J. Howard who inherited the family shipyard from his father James Howard who founded the Howard Ship Yards both in what was then Port Fulton Indiana. It cost $100000 to build the 22-room 3-floor structure.
 Hearn Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel Sussex County Delaware. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1900 and is a 1 1/2-story gable fronted balloon frame structure resting on a brick foundation. It measures 18 feet 3 inches by 28 feet 3 inches.
 The Montrose Air Station Heritage Centre is located to the North of Montrose Angus Scotland. Montrose has the distinction of having the first operational military airfield in Great Britain and the Heritage Centre is located on the former airfield. It aims to show the human side of its history with a collection of contemporary photographs artefacts and memorabilia.
 The Orlando Museum of Art is located at 2416 North Mills Avenue Orlando Florida. The museum exhibits local regional national and international works of art. The museum collections include a diverse range of pieces that cover a broad spectrum of subjects using a variety of artistic media.
 Farleigh House (or Farleigh Castle) is a large country house in the English county of Somerset that was formerly the centre of the Farleigh Hungerford estate and much of the stone came from Farleigh Hungerford Castle. The house is a Grade II listed building.The house was built and extended during the 18th and 19th centuries serving as a country estate for various families until 1970 when it was purchased for use as a Special Needs school.
 Denton Historic District is a national historic district in Denton Caroline County Maryland United States. It is located on the flat land along the south bank of the Choptank River. The west end of the district focuses on the courthouse square which was laid out in the 1790s with its late 19th century courthouse building and square faced on all sides by noteworthy residences and commercial structures. The historic commercial district extends east of the square along Market Street.
 Greyfriars Gloucester England was a medieval monastic house founded about 1231.In about 1518 a prominent local family the Berkeleys of Berkeley Castle paid for the church to be rebuilt in Perpendicular Gothic style. The rest of the friary complex was later demolished.
 Bronzeville Children's Museum is a museum in the Calumet Heights community area of the South Side of Chicago. It is the first and only African American children's museum in the United States. Founded in 1998 the museum moved to its current location at 9301 South Stony Island Avenue in the Pill Hill neighborhood in 2008.
 Saint Martin's Church of Valjala is a Lutheran church in Valjala on the island of Saaremaa Estonia.It is the oldest stone church on Saaremaa and possibly the oldest surviving church in Estonia.
 The Wellington-Castner House is a historic house at 685 Trapelo Road in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1902 and is one of the last houses built on Trapelo Road before the advent of suburban subdivision of the area. The house has simple vernacular Queen Anne styling; it was built for Charles Lowell Wellington whose family owned land in the area from the 17th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St James Didsbury on Stenner Lane is a Church of England church in the Manchester suburb of Didsbury and with Emmanuel church is part of the parish of St James and Emmanuel Didsbury.
 The Baxter High School in the Homewood North neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The building is now home to the Pittsburgh Student Achievement Center an alternative school for grades 6-12.
 Valle Crucis Abbey (Valley of the Cross) is a Cistercian abbey located in Llantysilio in Denbighshire Wales. More formally the Abbey Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary Valle Crucis it is known in Welsh both as Abaty Glyn Egwestl and Abaty Glyn y Groes.The abbey was built in 1201 by Madog ap Gruffydd Maelor Prince of Powys Fadog. Valle Crucis was dissolved in 1537 during the Dissolution of the Monasteries and subsequently fell into serious disrepair.
 Aunegrenda Chapel (Norwegian: Aunegrenda kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Aunegrenda.The wooden church building was built in 1952 by architect Morgenstierne & Eide. The church was built to hold about 120 people.The church is part of the Haltdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Mrs. Richard Polson House located on Route 2 near Spooner Wisconsin United States was built in 1917. It was designed by Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie in Beaux Arts style. It was built as a wedding gift from Mrs. Richard Polson for her son D. B. Brockett. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Isaac Melvin House is an historic house at 19 Centre Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. This 2.5 story Greek Revival-Italianate house was built in 1842 by Oliver Wood and Isaac Melvin as the latter's home. Melvin is also notable for designing the North Avenue Congregational Church. Despite an Italianate T-shaped massing the building's front facade is strongly Greek Revival with four two story pilasters supporting an entablature and topped by the fully pedimented gable end of the roof.
 Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West (also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard located at 15000 S. Golden Rd. Golden Colorado. The site was used as a rifle range and is now used as a correctional facility and police training academy as well as emergency operations center.On site is Ammunition Igloo a bunker used for arms storage and Colorado Amphitheater both of which are vacant.
 The Institut Gustave-Roussy is one of the world’s leading cancer-research institutes and the biggest health center dedicated to oncology in Europe together with the European Institute of Oncology in Milan. It is located in Villejuif South Paris France. It is named after Gustave Roussy a Swiss-French neuropathologist.
 The Shopping City Süd (SCS) is a shopping centre located in Vösendorf south of Vienna Austria.With a leasable area of 173000 square metres it is the biggest shopping mall in Austria and also one of the biggest in Europe. It contains over 330 shops and has around 4500 employees.Template:When? The SCS offers 10000 parking spaces. It also serves people from Hungary Slovenia Slovakia and the Czech Republic.In December 2007 the SCS was sold for €607 mil.
 The Romanian Orthodox Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Înălţarea Domnului din Vârşeţ) is a cathedral in Vršac Vojvodina Serbia consecrated in 1912.
 Dorchester Pottery Works is a historic site at 101-105 Victory Road in Dorchester Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. The Dorchester Pottery Works was founded in 1895 by George Henderson and made stoneware. The Dorchester Pottery Works closed in 1979. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Block 35 Cobblestone Alley is located in Little Rock Arkansas. It is a 300-foot-long (91 m) 30-foot-wide (9.1 m) cobblestone alley which bisects a city block known as Block 35 of the City of Little Rock. It was originally surfaced around 1889 and retains its historic flavor. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in January 2009.It was listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.
 777 Tower (also known as Pelli Tower) is a 221 m (725 ft) 52-story office building designed by César Pelli in downtown Los Angeles California.Developed in 1991 by South Figueroa Plaza Associates the building contains approximately 1025000 sq ft (95200 m2) and a three-story Italian marble lobby. The exterior is clad with sculpted white metal and glass. The tower is adjacent to the 7+Fig Shopping Center and was purchased from Maguire Properties by owner Brookfield Office Properties.
 The Stagecoach Inn in Newbury Park California originally known as the Grand Union Hotel was used as a resting area for people who traveled from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara. It is California Historical Landmark no. 659 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The Grand Union Hotel was built in 1876 near what is now the Ventura Freeway and Ventu Park Road.
 350 Mission Street is a skyscraper under construction in the South of Market district of San Francisco California. Current designs call for 30 stories and 455 ft (139 m) above street level. Upon completion the building plans to attain LEED Gold status.
 The Roger Williams Medical Center (RWMC) is a premier university-affiliated teaching hospital in Providence Rhode Island. One of the most noteworthy distinctions of Roger Williams Medical Center is their strong affiliation with Boston University School of Medicine. The Roger Williams Medical Center (RWMC) located in the Elmhurst section of Providence has served the community’s health care needs since 1922.
 400 George is a 5 Star Green Star office building in Brisbane Queensland Australia. Construction began in 2006 and was completed in November 2009.The building was designed by architects Cox Rayner. The total cost of the building's construction is A$270 million and it provides 43 000 m2 of floor area.Alongside Santos Place and 275 George Street 400 George forms part of the North Quarter Precinct in Brisbane's CBD.
 Haven B. Howe House is a historic home located at Claytor Lake State Park near Dublin Pulaski County Virginia. It was built between 1876 and 1879 and is a two-story brick dwelling with Italianate style detailing. It has a rear brick ell and projecting one-story bays on both end walls. It features ornamental wrought iron porch supports. Also on the property are three contributing limestone mounting blocks.
 The McHenry County Courthouse in Towner North Dakota was built in 1907. Along with a number of other North Dakota courthouses designed by its architects Buechner & Orth it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It includes Beaux Arts architecture and is said to be an economy version of the architects' Traill County Courthouse design. Its surface is buff brown brick and it has a limestone line about the first floor level.
 The South Florida Museum located in Bradenton Florida is a natural and cultural history museum specializing in the history of Florida's gulf coast. It houses exhibits highlighting Florida history from the prehistoric to the present.
 The Chapel of Kambal na Krus (Filipino: Kapilya ng Kambal na Krus) is a Community Chapel located at Raxabago St Tondo Manila Philippines. Kambal na Krus is under the administration of St. Joseph de Gagalangin Parish with its parish priest Rev. Fr. Nestor M. Gungon Kambal na Krus Chapel scopes 6 Barangays. Its Feast Day is celebrated during the Third Sunday Of March.
 BRD Tower is the largest and highest office building in Cluj-Napoca with 12 stories.
 Public Bath No. 7 is a historic bathhouse located in Brooklyn New York New York. It was built between 1906 and 1910 and is constructed of white glazed brick and limestone colored terra cotta blocks. The design is based on a Renaissance palazzo. It measures three bays by five bays. The bathhouse was converted to a gymnasium in 1937.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The General Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument in Pulaski County Kentucky near Nancy Kentucky commemorates the death of Confederate Gen. Felix K. Zollicoffer who died here at the Battle of Mill Springs. A native of nearby Tennessee like Robert E. Lee he fought for the Confederacy out of loyalty for his state rather than having interest in the Southern cause.
 Forest Lake Shopping Centre (formerly Forest Lake Village) is a shopping mall located in Forest Lake Queensland Australia. The centre first opened in 1997 and underwent significant changes in 2011 with the closure of Sam's Warehouse and addition of Coles. A Target store was also constructed on the southern end of the centre.
 The Schubert Theatre is a theater located in Gooding Idaho United States. Built in 1920 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Many articles in the Gooding County Leader chronicle the history of this theater. Opened in 1921 it is owned by Charmianne and Lonnie Leavell a local couple who plan to restore the theater and turn it into a cultural center for the community of Gooding.[citation needed]
 The Beacon Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 108 Beacon Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was designed by Worcester architect George H. Clemence and built 1901-2 for $25600 by local French-Canadian builder Eli Belisle. It is a two story rectangular building with three truck bays and an entrance door on the right. The truck bays are topped by shallow arches of alternating brick and limestone sections.
 The Villa Avenue Train Station is one of two former Chicago Aurora and Elgin Railroad (CA&E) stations in Villa Park Illinois. The building was also used as an office by the Western United Gas and Electric Company. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 it is now the home of the Villa Park Historical Society Museum.
 The tour de l'Honneur is a tower and the only remain of the château de Lesparre. Located in Lesparre-Médoc in the Gironde department and Aquitane region of France it is listed as a monument historique since September 10 1913.The tower was the main part of a four towers defensive structure built in the 14th century. A castle previously occupied the site referred in 12th century documents as « castello quid dicitur Sparra ».
 The Gedney and Cox Houses are historic houses at 21 High Street in Salem Massachusetts. The earliest part of the Gedney House was built c. 1665 and the houses were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. They are owned by Historic New England which offers limited tours.
 The Delaware and Hudson Canal Museum is a museum in High Falls New York United States specializing in the history and culture of the Delaware and Hudson Canal. It is located in a Gothic Revival chapel built in 1885 which was purchased by the Delaware & Hudson Canal Historical Society in 1975.
 The Hiram Price/Henry Vollmer House is located on the Brady Street Hill in Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The home is named for two members of the United States House of Representatives who lived in the house Hiram Price and Henry Vollmer. The building is now a part of the campus of Palmer College of Chiropractic.
 The Flatiron Building is located in downtown Fort Worth Texas at the corner of Houston and West 9th streets. At the time of its completion in 1907 it was one of city's the first steel frame buildings and the tallest building in north Texas.
 The Calendar Rohrbough House is a historic house located at 3rd and Washington Streets in Kinmundy Illinois. The Italianate house was built in 1875 for Calendar Rohrbough a local merchant and politician. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Carr House is situated within the Bank Hall Estate half-way between the villages of Tarleton and Much Hoole at the extreme north-west of the village of Bretherton Lancashire. The building faces south to the Bretherton road from which it stands back some distance and has a foreyard inclosed on the west side by farm buildings.
 Neiderhurst is a historic estate located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. The main estate house was built as a summer home between 1872 and 1874 in the High Victorian Gothic style. It is a two story L shaped residence surmounted by steep gable roofs. It was built by Winthrop S. Gilman Jr. (1839–1923) son of Winthrop Sargent Gilman (1808–1884).
 The Jedidiah Dudley House is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Blackberry River Inn (historically Moseley House-Farm) is a colonial mansion in Litchfield County Connecticut located between Norfolk and Canaan on Greenwoods Road West Route 44. Constructed in 1763 the mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its historic name in 1984.The listing is described in a Connecticut Historic Resources Inventory document which served as its nomination to the National Register.
 The Naples National Archaeological Museum (Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli MANN) is a museum in Naples southern Italy at the northwest corner of the original Greek wall of the city of Neapolis. The museum contains a large collection of Roman artifacts from Pompeii Stabiae and Herculaneum. The collection includes works of the highest quality produced in Greek Roman and Renaissance times. It is the most important Italian archaeological museum.
 The Germania Club House was a notable building located in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Frank Freeman and completed in 1890 it was considered one of Brooklyn's finest examples of Romanesque Revival architecture. It was demolished in the 1920s to make way for a subway.
 The Woodmen of the World Building in Omaha Nebraska is a former building that was located at 1323 Farnam Street in Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1912 the Woodmen of the World (WOW) leased office space there until 1934 when they relocated to the Insurance Building. The building was demolished in 1977.The organization owned the 19-story tower at 14th and Farnam Streets which was the tallest building between Chicago and the West coast at the time of its dedication in 1912.
 The Winton Place Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church building in the Winton Place neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States that was constructed as the home of a congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the late nineteenth century. The congregation grew out of a group that was founded in 1856; although the members erected their first building in 1860 they were not officially organized until 1872.
 The Rock Church of Auburn Wyoming is a historic church building that has served also as a community center. Also known as Latter Day Saints Auburn Ward Meeting House it is located at Second W and First S Sts. in Auburn. It was built in 1889 out of stone which in the Star Valley in which it is located is rarely used in architecture.
 The Birmingham Public School in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1871. In 1944 it was sold to the Catholic Church and served as the middle school for St. Adalbert's Parish. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It is currently an apartment building.
 The Sheard's Mill Covered Bridge is located in East Rockhill Township and Haycock Township Bucks County Pennsylvania next to the Levi Sheard Mill. The bridge was built in 1873 and is 15-foot-wide (4.6 m) and 130-foot-long (40 m) making it one of Bucks County's longest bridges. The bridge crosses the Tohickon Creek on Covered Bridge Road.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980.
 Dubai Snowdome was a proposed indoor ski resort that would have been constructed in Dubailand. The project would have been financed and developed by 32Group. The snowdome is a AED 3.7 billion (US$ 1 billion) development would have covered an area of 130000 square metres (1400000 sq ft) and was expected to be completed by late 2008. construction has currently halted as a part of the Dubailand project which itself is now on hold by the government of Dubai.
 The National Museum of the Marine Corps is the historical museum of the United States Marine Corps. Located in Triangle Virginia near MCB Quantico the museum opened on November 10 2006 and is now the top tourist attraction in the state drawing over 500000 people annually.In July 2013 the museum announced plans for a major expansion to include sections on more modern Marine Corps history such as the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing.
 The John A. Swanson Science Center also known as the Swanson Science Center is an academic building on the campus of Washington & Jefferson College. It was completed in February 2010 and was named after John A. Swanson an engineer and businessman on the Board of Trustees who donated $10 million towards its construction.
 Aspen Grove is a lifestyle center located in Littleton Colorado. It was developed by Poag and McEwen.In April 2014 retailer Coldwater Creek announced plans to close all its stores including one at Aspen Grove.
 The Fort Street Presbyterian Church is located at 631 West Fort Street in Detroit Michigan. It was originally constructed in 1855 and completely rebuilt in 1876. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971. Its steeple stands 265 ft (81 m) making it one of the tallest churches in the United States.
 Scheringa Museum of Realist Art is a museum in Spanbroek North Holland the Netherlands that houses around five hundred works of the 20th-century art mainly realist art and contemporary. It opened in February 1997.
 The Merrick-Simmons House (also known as the C.W. Lewis House) is a historic site in Fernandina Beach Florida. It is located at 102 South 10th Street. On January 13 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Don M. Stromquist House designed by Frank Lloyd Wright is located on a ten-acre site in Bountiful Utah. At an altitude of 6000 feet (1800 m) it consists of the main house an office/laboratory/garage annex a gardener's shed and a barn. It is sited halfway down an arroyo or canyon wall. The house has an endless view of the Great Salt Lake and Antelope Island.
 Central Technical High School also known as Central Tech is located on South Warren Street in Syracuse New York. It was designed by Archimedes Russell and built in 1900. At that time it represented the latest in educational building design. Classes were first held in the school in 1903. The school building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Garrett Memorial Chapel is a small Church in the Norman Gothic Style located on Bluff Point Yates Co. New York. On 30 March 2001 the Chapel was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The Chapel was built in the 1930s by the Garrett family of whom Paul Garrett was a major figure in the American wine industry as a memorial to his son Charles who had died of tuberculosis in 1929.The Chapel is normally open from April to November and is serviced by a seasonal access road.
 Deery Family Homestead is a historic farm and national historic district located in West Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 10 contributing buildings on a self-sustaining family compound. The buildings include the following on the Main Farm: the main house large stone and frame bank barn (1819) and stone and frame wagon shed. On the Henry Derry Farm are the main house smaller house root cellar large stone bank barn and two small stone buildings.
 The Himmel's Church Covered Bridge crosses over Schwaben Creek on Middle Creek Road east of Rebuck Pennsylvania in Washington Township. It was built in 1874 and rehabilitated in 1973. It is a Kingpost Truss style wooden covered bridge with a length of 44-foot-long (13 m). It currently remains in use to automobile traffic.The Bridge is located near the site of the Schwaben Creek werewolf according to local folklore.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 8 1979.
 Claremont City Hall is a historic city hall building on Tremont Square in Claremont New Hampshire.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Musée Condé – in English the Condé Museum – is a museum located inside the château de Chantilly in Chantilly Oise 40 km north of Paris.In 1897 Henri d'Orléans Duke of Aumale and son of Louis-Philippe I bequeathed the Chateau and its collections to the Institut de France. It included both rooms remodeled as museum spaces and those left as residential quarters in the styles of the 18th and 19th centuries.The collection of old master paintings is among the most important in France.
 T. H. B. Dawson House is a historic home located at Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1880 and is an L-shaped two-story brick house with highly ornate porches at the front and side elevations. It features Gothic Revival and Italianate decorative elements. The house was built for T. H. B. (Thomas Hart Benton) Dawson (1840-1921) a native of Berkeley Springs who attained prominence in community service and business affairs.
 First Baptist Church Former is a historic church on the west side of Main St. S of ME 104 in Skowhegan Maine.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The Perot Museum of Nature and Science (shortened to Perot Museum) is a natural history and science museum located in Dallas Texas. It consists of two campuses: the primary campus located in Victory Park and a secondary campus in Fair Park. The Victory Park campus museum was named in honor of Margot and Ross Perot. The current chief executive officer of the museum is Colleen Walker.
 The Old State Capitol (Kentucky) also known as Old Statehouse was the third Capitol of Kentucky. The building in Frankfort Kentucky served as the capitol of the Commonwealth of Kentucky from 1830 to 1910. The building has been restored to its American Civil War era appearance. The Kentucky legislature voted for its construction in 1827. The building was designed in the Greek Revival style by Gideon Shryock an early Lexington Kentucky architect.
 Park51 (originally named Cordoba House) is a planned 13-story Islamic community center in Lower Manhattan. The majority of the center will be open to the general public and its proponents have said the center will promote interfaith dialogue.
 Mamaia North is the name of a future mixed-use development situated in the north of Constanţa Romania's second largest city on a narrow spit of land which separates Lake Siutghiol from the Black Sea. Mamaia is known for its white sandy beaches and is a popular holiday destination during the summer months for Romanian and European tourists alike.
 The Balding Avenue Historic District is located along the street of the same name between Mansion and Marshall streets in Poughkeepsie New York United States. These four acres (1.6 ha) include 27 houses mostly built in the late 19th century.Unlike some of the city's other residential historic districts Balding Avenue was a middle class neighborhood and its houses still reflect that. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Rock Creek-White Run Union Hospital Complex is a national historic district located at Cumberland Township Gettysburg and Mount Joy Township in Adams County Pennsylvania. The district includes 11 contributing buildings and 13 contributing sites on 13 contiguous properties including 8 farmsteads and White's Church (or Marks German Reformed Church). The farmsteads are Schwartz Farm Shaeffer Farm Trostle Farm Lewis Bushman Farm Diener Farm Conover Farm Lightmer Farm and Beitler Farm.
 The Château des Junies is a castle in the commune of Les Junies in the Lot département of France.This small castle whose construction seems to date from the 13th century has undergone various substantial transformations notably in the 16th century when large double windows were opened up on the first floor and during the 18th century. The lowest floor which was used as a cellar and probably stables extends beneath the whole of the castle.
 The Prehistory Museum of Tripoli is a museum located in Tripoli Libya.
 The Horatio Tower House is a historic house at 71 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the few relatively intact surviving instances of Italianate styling on the west side of the city. This two story frame house was built for Horatio Tower a local builder whose work included the American Antiquarian Society hall and Mechanics Hall.
 Damenlou Hotel (Chinese: 大门楼旅店) was a small hotel located at Ann Siang Road in Singapore's Chinatown within the Central Area Singapore's central business district.Damenlou Hotel's origins can be traced to the creation of the dish of fishhead mifen (rice vermicelli) which was invented by Tang Kwong Swee in the 1920s. The hotel had a famous restaurant named Swee Kee.By mid-2007 Damenlou Hotel had ceased operations.
 Evangelical Baptist Church (also known as Meredith Bridge Congregational Church or Laconia Congregational) is a historic church building on Veterans Square in Laconia New Hampshire.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 202 E. Oklahoma in Walters Oklahoma.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Lafayette High School is the oldest public school in Buffalo that remains in its original building; a stone brick and terra-cotta structure in the French Renaissance Revival style by architects August Esenwein and James A. Johnson. Although classes began off-site during construction of the school the building was completed and graduated its first class in 1903. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Irvington Tennis Club located in northeast Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bisbee Woman's Club Clubhouse in Bisbee Arizona was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Clontarf Castle (Irish: Caisleán Chluain Tarbh) is a much-modernised castle dating to 1837 in Clontarf Dublin Ireland an area famous as a key location of the Battle of Clontarf in 1014. There has been a castle on the site since 1172. In modern times it has functioned as a bar cabaret venue and hotel.
 Vajira Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลวชิระ/วชิรพยาบาล pronounced: wa-chi-ra / wa-chi-ra-pha-ya-ban) is one of the first hospitals in Thailand founded by King Rama VI. It is a teaching University hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Vajira Hospital (คณะแพทยศาสตร์วชิรพยาบาล). Situated on Samsen road Dusit District Bangkok Thailand.
 Colonial Apartments also known as the Kennedy Dairy Barn is a historic apartment building located at Fairmont Marion County West Virginia. It is a three-story gambrel roof building in the Colonial Revival style. It was built about 1900 as a barn and modified to its present form about 1942. Those modifications included adding a stone veneer two hip roof porches and the addition of a small end gable entrance portico with a partial return and Tuscan order columns.
 Edificio Lapido is a building on the 18 de Julio Avenue in Centro Montevideo Uruguay.It is a multifunctional building built in 1933 and designed by architect Juan Aubriot. It is a fine example of the Uruguayan international architectural renewal of the early decades of the 20th century. It is a National Heritage Site since 1989.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad Depot in Kadoka South Dakota is a rectangular single story wood frame building built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as the Milwaukee Road) in 1906 during the railroad's expansion across South Dakota from Sioux Falls to Rapid City in 1906-07. The depot was built to handle passenger and freight traffic as well as agricultural products.
 Symphony and Horticultural Halls are historic buildings on Massachusetts and Huntington Avenues in Boston Massachusetts.The halls were built in 1900 and added to the National Historic Register in 1975.
 House-museum of Vagif Mustafazadeh (Azerbaijani: Vaqif Mustafazadənin ev muzeyi) – is a memorial museum of an eminent Azerbaijani jazz-pianist and composer Vagif Mustafazadeh and it was established on July 28 1989. In 1994 it acquired a status of a branch of Azerbaijan State Museum of Musical Culture. From 1989 to 1997 Zivar Agasaf qizi Aliyeva was a director of the museum.There are collected 1214 artifacts in the museum.
 Gaysorn Shopping Centre (pronounced Gay-sawn) is a shopping mall located on the Ratchaprasong shopping district in Bangkok Thailand. Gaysorn has five levels with more than 100 shops over an area of 12600 square metres. The basement has parking for 416 cars doorman and valet parking service. Gaysorn is managed by Gaysorn Land Asset Management Co. Ltd. a partnership between by Gaysorn Group & Hongkong Land Limited.
 Ramanujan IT City is an information technology (IT) special economic zone (SEZ) situated in Chennai India. Named after the Indian Mathematician Srinivas Ramanujan it is a joint venture of Tata Realty and Infrastructure Limited (TRIL) Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL) and Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation (TIDCO). Situated next to the Tidel Park it is being developed in a land measuring 25 acres with two zones with a total built-up area of 5.7 million sq ft.
 The Henry B. Plant Museum is located in the south wing of Plant Hall on the University of Tampa’s campus at 401 West Kennedy Boulevard. Plant Hall was formerly known as the Tampa Bay Hotel which was a 500+ room resort hotel opened in 1891 by Henry B. Plant near the terminus of his rail line. The museum's exhibits focus on Gilded Age tourism the elite lifestyle of the hotel's guestsand the building's use during the Spanish-American War. It was designed by architect J.A.
 Stewart Home School is a residential school in Franklin County Kentucky for intellectually disabled individuals. The school was established by Dr. John Q. A. Stewart in 1893 on the former site of Kentucky Military Institute on Lawrenceburg Road five miles southeast of Frankfort. The school has been in continuous operation by five generations of the Stewart family and was placed on the United States National Register of Historic Places June 3 1976.
 Cobblestone Manor is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two-story cobblestone dwelling built in the 1830s in the Greek Revival style. Early 20th century additions include a Colonial Revival style front porch with fluted Doric columns and a cornice decorated with modillions.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Michael's Catholic Church is a Catholic church located on Moor Street in Birmingham England. It received Grade II listed building status on 25 April 1952.
 The Capt. Edward Durant House is a historic late First Period house at 286 Waverly Avenue in Newton Centre Massachusetts that is now a historic house museum. Built sometime in the 1730s it is one of the oldest structures in Newton. Edward Durant purchased the property without house in 1732 and died in 1740; he was a prominent citizen of the town active in civic affairs. It was purchased in 1782 by John Kenrick member of another prominent family in the town.
 The Masonic Temple in Washington District of Columbia is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The building currently houses the National Museum of Women in the Arts.
 The Bosniak Institute is a cultural center in Sarajevo focusing on Bosniak culture. It was established by former Bosnian Vice President Adil Zulfikarpašić. The institute is housed in a renovated sixteenth century Turkish bath and includes a library and an art center.
 The Moore-Lindsay House is a Queen Anne style Victorian historic home located in Norman Oklahoma. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and now houses a museum.
 The South Salem Academy is a historic former school in South Salem Ohio United States. Built in 1842 it is a stone building constructed in the Federal style of architecture.Throughout nineteenth-century Ohio churches played a major part in founding educational institutions. Because no upper level schools were present in southwestern Ross County in 1842 a local Presbyterian minister Hugh Stewart Fullerton called a meeting to remedy the situation.
 Melbourne Town Hall is the central municipal building of the City of Melbourne Australia in the State of Victoria. It is located on the northeast corner of Swanston and Collins Streets in the central business district. It is the seat of the local government area of the City of Melbourne. It has been used for multiple purposes such as theatrical plays exhibitions as well as school concerts.
 Quantum on the Bay is a complex of skyscrapers in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located just north of Downtown Miami in the Edgewater neighborhood. The complex consists of two main towers the Quantum on the Bay South Tower and the Quantum on the Bay North Tower. The South Tower the taller of the two rises 554 feet (169 m) and 51 floors high. The North Tower is 536 feet (163 m) tall with 44 floors.
 The World Chess Hall of Fame (WCHOF) is a nonprofit collecting institution situated in the Central West End neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri.The WCHOF is the only institution of its kind and offers a variety of programming to explore the dynamic relationship between art and chess including educational outreach initiatives that provide context and meaning to the game and its continued educational impact.
 The Gallery of Modern Art (GoMA) is the main gallery of contemporary art in Glasgow Scotland.GoMA offers a programme of temporary exhibitions and workshops. GoMA displays work by local and international artists as well as addressing contemporary social issues through its major biannual projects.
 Church by the Bridge Kirribilli and Lavender Bay is an Anglican Church on Sydney's Lower North Shore.
 The Matthew S. Quay House is a historic structure and was a home of Matthew Stanley Quay a United States Senator from Pennsylvania Medal of Honor winner and Republican National Committee chairman who was campaign manager for Benjamin Harrison's successful presidential campaign.Located in Beaver Pennsylvania it was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975. The white brick house is now the location of the J.T.
 Nebotičnik (pronounced [nɛbɔtiːtʃniːk]; Slovene for Skyscraper) is a prominent high-rise located in the centre of Ljubljana Slovenia and is one of the city's most recognisable landmarks. Its thirteen storeys rise to a height of 70.35 m (231 ft). It was designed by the Slovenian architect Vladimir Šubic for the Pension Institute the building's investor. Construction began on 19 April 1931 and the building opened on 21 February 1933.
 Moore House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide bungalow-style dwelling with a sweeping slate-covered roof with dormer. It is stucco and features a broad front porch supported by massive stone piers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Church of St James the Less Sulgrave is the Church of England parish church of Sulgrave a village and civil parish about 5 miles (8 km) north of Brackley Northamptonshire. The present church dates largely from the 13th and 14th centuries and is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Art Institute of Chicago (AIC) is an encyclopedic art museum located in Chicago's Grant Park. It features a collection of Impressionist and Post-Impressionist art in its permanent collection. Its holdings also include American art Old Masters European and American decorative arts Asian art modern and contemporary art and architecture and industrial and graphic design.
 The Kamppi Chapel (Finnish: Kampin kappeli Swedish: Kampens kapell) is a Lutheran chapel in Kamppi Helsinki located on the Narinkka Square.
 William Archer House is a historic home located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It is a stone house built about 1811.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Gardiners Island Windmill is a historic windmill on Gardiners Island in East Hampton New York.The windmill was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Magnolia Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Charleston South Carolina. It was dedicated in 1850; Charles Fraser (artist) delivered the dedication address.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a Historic District in 1978.
 Reynolds House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1895 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Shingle Style dwelling. The raised basement and first stories are of cobblestone and the second and third stories are shingled. It features a front porch with Tuscan order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Naguru General Hospital is a hospital in Uganda. It is an urban general hospital built between 2009 and 2012 at an estimated cost of approximately US$8 million (UGX:20 billion). The hospital was built by the Government of China as a gift to the Government of Uganda.
 The Pittsburgh Mills is a super-regional shopping mall complex northeast of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in Frazer Township along PA Route 28 near its intersection with the Pennsylvania Turnpike. The mall is the largest shopping complex in Western Pennsylvania as well as one of the largest in the state with approximately 2 million square feet (186000 m²) of retail space on 200 acres (0.8 km2). King of Prussia Mall near Philadelphia remains the largest mall.
 Malbone a Gothic-style castle and National Historic Place originally built in 1741 (although the current house dates largely from 1848). The estate is one of the oldest privately owned estates in Newport Rhode Island. The estate once served as the country residence of Colonel Godfrey Malbone (1695–1768) of Virginia and Connecticut.
 West Grove Friends Spring Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house in Snow Camp North Carolina.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Rev. Samuel Woodward House is a historic house at 19 Concord Road in Weston Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1753 by Reverend Samuel Woodward the town's second minister. It is a typical Georgian colonial house with five bays on the front facade with a central entry. The entry has been projected (a likely later addition) to provide a vestibule area. The house has a large central chimney. In addition to Rev.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Tongre (French: Basilique de Notre Dame de Tongre) is a Roman Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Tongre-Notre-Dame Chièvres Belgium. Designed by architect J.F. Demarbaix it is the smallest basilica of Belgium[citation needed].
 Beecroft Art Gallery is a gallery in Station Road Westcliff-on-Sea Essex England. The Edwardian building was donated to the people of Southend-on-Sea in 1952 by Walter Beecroft to house his eclectic collection of art works. Walter Beecroft was a solicitor in nearby Leigh. He had already set up an Art Gallery Sub-Committee of the Public Libraries & Museum Committee in 1928 and in 1947 he proposed to endow a building to become and Art Gallery.
 The Munshibari (Bengali: মুনিসবাড়ী) estate established in the 1700s was held by a landed Anglo-Indian family of Munshis (Urdu:مُنشی; Hindi: मुंशी; Persian:منشی) in Bengal (present day Chandpur District Chittagong Division in Bangladesh).The family which is of Turkish and other middle eastern descent was subinfeudated under the Rulers of Bengal on behalf of whom they collected land revenues in the area. In the 1800s the family traded jute with the British East India Company.
 All Saints Church Church Lawton stands on a mound close to Lawton Hall in the small village of Church Lawton Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is an Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.
 Farciennes Castle (French: Château de Farciennes) is a derelict 17th-century castle in Farciennes in the province of Hainaut Belgium. The present building stands on the site of an earlier castle of the 14th century.
 The Printing House Row District is a U.S. historic district on the 500 through 800 blocks of South Dearborn South Federal and South Plymouth streets in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as South Dearborn Street-Printing House Row Historic District and listed as a National Historic Landmark as South Dearborn Street-Printing House Row North Historic District on January 07 1976.
 The Ram Jam Inn is a pub on the A1 in Rutland between Stamford and Grantham. It was frequented by the highwayman Dick Turpin in the 18th century and it is alleged that one of his confidence tricks inspired the pub's name.The pub originally opened as a coaching inn called the Winchelsea Arms but became known as the Ram Jam Inn by the early 19th century. Turpin was a temporary lodger at the inn and resided here when he first found notoriety.
 The Aroostook Centre Mall is a shopping mall in downtown Presque Isle Maine USA. It opened on November 1 1993. Shortly after its opening the U.S. government announced the closing of nearby Loring Air Force Base the region's largest employer. The building which has 525000 enclosed square feet is the third largest enclosed shopping mall in Maine.
 New York Public Library Hamilton Grange Branch is a historic library building located in Washington Heights New York New York. It was designed by McKim Mead & White and built in 1905-1906. The branch was one of 65 built by the New York Public Library with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie 11 of them designed by McKim Mead & White. It is a three story high five bay wide building faced in deeply rusticated gray limestone in an Italian Renaissance style.
 Dominus Flevit is a Roman Catholic church on the Mount of Olives opposite the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. The church was designed and constructed between 1953 and 1955 by the Italian architect Antonio Barluzzi and is held in trust by the Franciscan Custody of the Holy Land. During construction of the sanctuary archaeologists uncovered artifacts dating back to the Canaanite period as well as tombs from the Second Temple and Byzantine eras.
 Labette Health is a 109 bed Level III Trauma Center located in Parsons Kansas and was founded in 1961. Labette Health is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
 Saint Mary's Cathedral (Galician: Catedral de Santa María) better known as Lugo Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral and basilica in Lugo Galicia north-western Spain built starting from the early 12th century. Begun in Romanesque style during its construction it received Gothic Baroque and Neoclassicist elements.
 Chesterfield Inn also known as Chesterfield Inn and Motor Lodge was a historic hotel located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County South Carolina. The Chesterfield Inn consisted of two three-story rectangular buildings constructed in 1946 and 1965. The 1946 building was of frame construction with a brick veneer exterior with an end to front gable roof and a raised basement foundation.
 The I & M Building also known as Colfax Place is a historic building located at 220 W. Colfax in South Bend Indiana. The building which was built in 1929 originally housed the offices of the Indiana and Michigan Electric Company. The Art Deco building was designed by Austin & Shambleau. The seven-story building is faced in marble on its front first story limestone on the remainder of its front and brick on its sides.
 Birmingham General Hospital was a teaching hospital in Birmingham England founded in 1779.
 The Sloan-Parker House or Stone House constructed in 1790 of locally quarried fieldstone for Richard Sloan was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Located on the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) near Junction West Virginia west of Romney it has served as a stage coach stop as well as a private residence. The Stone House has been owned by two families: the Sloan family until 1854 when it was sold to the Parker brothers: John Peyton Benjamin and William.
 The Kika Silva Pla Planetarium is a 34-foot in diameter domed theater that seats 60 people. The planetarium uses two projection systems. A SciDome digital projection system produced by Spitz Inc. and an optical-mechanical Chronos Space Simulator manufactured by Goto.
 Zion Episcopal Church is a historic church on Ridge Street at Monroe Street in Monroeville Ohio.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Marble Springs also known as the Gov. John Sevier Home is a state historic site in south Knox County Tennessee in the southeastern United States. The site was the home of John Sevier (1745–1815)— a Revolutionary War and frontier militia commander and later the first governor of Tennessee— from 1790 until his death in 1815.
 The Rackett Grange Hall No. 318 also known as Rackett Community Hall and denoted NeHBS No. GD04-002 is a building in rural Garden County Nebraska United States that was built in 1926.
 James Walker Log House is a historic log house in Brenham Texas.It was built in 1824 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Wyndham Grand Pittsburgh Downtown (formerly the Hilton Pittsburgh) is a hotel in Downtown Pittsburgh with a prominent position in the Golden Triangle area adjacent to Point State Park the Fort Pitt Museum and the Cultural District. Hilton announced plans for the skyscraper hotel on June 11 1956 and ground was broken for it on September 20 1957 with Conrad Hilton himself in attendance. It was opened for business with a special gala on December 3 1959 again attended by Mr.
 The Eagles Hall in San Diego California is a Classical Revival building built in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Roslyn Flats is located on the hill above downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The apartment building was one of several that were built near the campus of Palmer College of Chiropractic.Roslyn follows the basic design of apartment building built in the late 19th and early 20th centuries in Davenport. The building is a three-story structure built over a raised basement and constructed in brick.
 The Old Pike Inn located in New Albany Indiana United States was a working tavern until 1997 when the owner decided to shut down and start working for Caesars Indiana.
 The Cathedral Church of All Saints is an Episcopal cathedral in St. Thomas U.S. Virgin Islands United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of the Virgin Islands and it is located in the City of Charlotte Amalie. The church was built in 1848 in celebration of the end of slavery. The structure was constructed from stone that was quarried on the island. The gothic arched window frames are lined with yellow brick that was used as ballast aboard ships.
 Finks and Gokey Block built in 1881 is one of the earliest brick commercial buildings in Grand Forks North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Its second floor was remodeled by architect John W. Ross.The listing is described in its North Dakota Cultural Resources Survey document and it was covered in a 1981 study of Downtown Grand Forks historical resources.
 Chickasaw Shipyard Village Historic District is a historic district comprising buildings and areas within Chickasaw Alabama now a northern suburb of Mobile in Mobile County. The site is historically significant due to its role as a company town for shipyards during the first half of the twentieth century. In addition the area was the focal point of a United States Supreme Court case concerning First Amendment rights of individuals in privately owned towns.
 The Burn in Natchez Mississippi was built in 1834. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Salem United Church of Christ formerly known as Old Salem Reformed Church is a historic Reformed church at 231 Chestnut Street in Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. The church was built in 1821-1822 and is a two-story brick building in a Classical style. It features a large square bell tower topped by a domed cupola. The tower is flanked by two three-story towers with stepped gables.
 Sunset Hill also known as the Alderson Home is a historic home located at Alderson Monroe County West Virginia. The main farmhouse was built in 1880 and is a two-story I house with side gables and a two story ell. The front facade features a gable portico supported by four Doric order columns. Also on the property are a contributing cottage (c. 1900) privy built by the Works Progress Administration (c. 1935-1936) barn (c. 1900) cistern (c. 1880) and entrance gates (c.
 The Cypress Manufacturers's Association of Florida sponsored the Cypress Log Cabin at the Chicago World’s Fair. After the fair the log home was sold to a couple in St. Joseph Michigan but was moved to Beverly Shores Indiana where it became a display home for the Barlett Real Estate Company's development.
 The Woonsocket Civil War Monument is an historic site at Monument Square in Woonsocket Rhode Island.Built in 1868 by James G. Batterson this Civil War memorial was the first Civil War monument constructed in Rhode Island. The monument contains the names of the battles in which Woonsocket soldiers fought. The monument was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Metropolitan National Bank Tower is a 40-story skyscraper located at 425 West Capitol Avenue in downtown Little Rock Arkansas. At 547 feet (167 m) high it is currently the tallest building in Arkansas.
 De Graaf van het Hoogveen was a restaurant located in Badhotel Zeerust in Noordwijk aan Zee in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1982-1988.De Graaf van het Hoogveen was a small restaurant with just eight tables. The restaurant was famous for its wine list with 650 wines and its wine cellar of 15000 bottles of high quality wines. It received several national and international awards for it.
 Saint Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1863-1864 and is a masonry church built of local limestone in the Gothic Revival style. The 52 feet by 72 feet church features a tower with a stone spire and clock. A large two story rough cut limestone parish house was built in 1916.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Ammunition Igloo (also known as Building 88) was a bunker used for arms storage at Camp George West Golden Colorado. It was built in 1940 and was typical for the period having a concrete arch with earth covering. A stone facade with stepped parapet with concrete coping utilized basaltic stone rubblework.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Jackson Hotel in Anoka Minnesota United States is a hotel built in 1884 after a fire destroyed much of downtown Anoka. The hotel was in operation from 1884 through 1875 and played a central role in Anoka's commerce. It was located at the hub of water rail and overland trade routes and served a variety of travelers. It first served farmers and loggers who brought their goods to Anoka for sale.
 Ouro Verde Hotel or Grandarrell Ouroverde Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana Rio de Janeiro Brazil located at Avenida Atlântica 1456. It is located in a building dated to the 1950s but was established in 1973. It contains a notable restaurant on the second floor. The hotel is a narrow building located adjacent to other hotels several metres east of the Porto Rio Internacional Hotel. It is only 3 bays wide. It is a white building but part of the facade and outside of the restaurant is red.
 The I.O.O.F. Hall in Alva Oklahoma was built in 1905 in Plains Commercial architecture style. It served historically as a department store and as a clubhouse for the Independent Order of Odd Fellows. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Qaqortoq Hostel (also known as Siniffik Inn siniffik is Greenlandic for bed to the locals simply known as Heidis) is a privately run hostel in the town of Qaqortoq in south Greenland. The hostel was expanded in 2007 and now hosts a total of 38 beds rivalling the major establishments in the area. It is one of only two Qaqortoq companies offering accommodations in the town the other being Hotel Qaqortoq. The hostel is despite its size a major employer in the town.
 McCoy-Shoemaker Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Peters Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The property includes a main house dated to the 1820s or 1830s a 1 1/2-story stone spring house and dwelling built about 1800 with frame addition large stone end bank barn frame wash house stone smokehouse and brick privy. The main house is a two-story five bay L-shaped brick building on a fieldstone foundation.
 The Roman ruins of Vilares (Portuguese: Ruinas romanas de Vilares) is an archaeological excavation in the civil parish of Alcabideche municipality of Cascais discovered in the early part of the 21st century on a site designated for residential development. The site identified remnants that implied a necropolis and remains of a Roman villa (imbrices and terra sigillata) but suggested occupation since the Iron Age until Moorish intervention.
 Oakland Grove Health Care Center is a non-profit health care center at 60 Cumberland Hill Road in Woonsocket Rhode Island. The health care center offers 24-Hour Skilled Nursing Care IV Therapies Surgical Recovery Stroke Recovery Cardiac Recovery Wound Management Private Hospice Suites On-site Podiatry Optometry And Dental Services Separate Rehabilitation Unit/Services Available Up.
 Bellevue House National Historic Site of Canada was the home to Canada's first Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald from 1848 to 1849. The house is located in a residential neighbourhood bordering the Queen's University student housing area in Kingston Ontario.
 Eternal Telethon is an open collective working to establish an artist retirement home at the Salton Sea by hosting live webcast. Founded in 2009 by Ina Viola Blasius John Bordle Akina Cox Chad Dilley and Niko Solorio the Eternal Telethon has featured over 200 artist.
 Forestville Commonwealth is an archaeological site and national historic district located at Earlton in Greene County New York. The district contains seven contributing sites. It represents the remains of a utopian community built in 1826-1827 as one of three Owenite experiments in New York State.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Jenny Lake Boat Concession Facilities also known as Reimer's Cabin and the Wort Boathouse are a group of buildings on Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park. They include a dock a boathouse two employee cabins and Reimer's Cabin. The boathouse was built by concessioner Charles Wort who held the original U.S. Forest Service use permit from the time before the establishment of Grand Teton National Park when the lands and lake were under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service.
 William H. & William S. Edwards House also known as Bellefleur is a historic home located at Coalburg Kanawha County West Virginia. The main house was built in 1871 and consists of a large 2 1/2 story main block with a rambling rear wing. It is a frame house that features Italianate style decorative detail. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house wooden trellis and the original cobblestone drive and entrance columns.
 Gösting Castle (German: Burg Gösting) is a ruined castle in Gösting the 13th borough in the northwest of the Styrian capital Graz Austria.
 The Castle of Pombal (Portuguese: Castelo de Pombal) is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Pombal municipality of the same name in the district of Leiria in the Centre region of Portugal.
 Aqua Multiespacio is an office skyscraper in Valencia Spain. Completed in 2006 it has 22 floors and stands 95 metres (312 feet) tall. This makes it the third tallest building in Valencia after the Hilton Valencia and Torre de Francia.The complex consists of two towers. Construction began in 2002 and ended in 2006. The complex was designed by two architectural firms: E. Clerk Architects and L35 with Eduardo Simarro. It is located near the City of Arts and Sciences.
 J. Mora Moss House is a boldly romantic Carpenter Gothic style Victorian home located within Mosswood Park in Oakland California.
 The Iglesia de la Inmaculada Concepción commonly known as La Inmaculada is a church located in Heredia Costa Rica. The first church in Heredia was a small wooden construct built as early as 1704 in an attempt to convert the natives; nothing remains of the original building which was replaced by a larger more permanent adobe structure in July 1736 when Heredia was granted its own independent parish. Construction on the current building began towards the end of the colonial period.
 Peace Church also known as Die Frieden Kirche is a historic Lutheran church located at Camp Hill Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1798 and is a 2 1/2-story limestone building with a five bay front and three bay sides. The interior features a wine glass pulpit balcony around three sides and organ built in 1807. Its builder Martin Rupp also built the Johannes Eberly House.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Webster Massachusetts United States.Founded 1887. It is one of the first Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.In 1998 the parish church was raised to the dignity of a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II.
 Powel Crosley Jr. (September 18 1886 – March 28 1961) was an American inventor industrialist and entrepreneur. He and his brother Lewis were responsible for many firsts in consumer products and broadcasting. He was the builder of the Crosley automobiles. He was the owner of the Cincinnati Reds major league baseball team for many years. Crosley Field a stadium in Cincinnati Ohio was renamed for him.
 The Carroll County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Hillsville Carroll County Virginia. It was built between 1870 and 1875 and is a two story brick building with a gable roof. It features a two story pedimented portico in the Doric order. The building is topped by an octagonal cupola.
 The Pillsbury A-Mill situated along Saint Anthony Falls on the Mississippi River in Minneapolis Minnesota held the title of largest flour mill in the world for 40 years. Completed in 1881 it was owned by Pillsbury and operated two of the most powerful direct-drive waterwheels ever built each generating 1200 horsepower (895 kW). The mill still stands today on the east side of the Mississippi River and is currently abandoned.
 Amsterdam Castle also known as the Amsterdam Armory was built in 1895 by Isaac G. Perry and is a former National Guard Armory located in Amsterdam NY. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. Amsterdam Castle was decommissioned in 1994 and purchased by the Diana family from the State of New York in 1995.
 Santuario della Madonna del Castello (Italian: Santuario della Madonna del Castello is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Almenno San Salvatore in the province of Bergamo Lombardy northern Italy.
 The E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse is a historic building in Washington D.C. It was built in 1949–50 and currently houses the United States District Court for the District of Columbia the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
 The Oxford Hotel in Denver Colorado was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Førde Church (Norwegian: Førde kyrkje) is the main parish church in Førde Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the town of Førde. The church is part of the Førde parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1885 using designs by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church that seats about 600 people was consecrated on 1 October 1885 by the Bishop Fredrik Waldemar Hvoslef.
 The Mona Bismarck American Center for art & culture has as its mission “to strengthen the understanding and friendship between France and the United States by enabling the discovery of the richness and diversity of American art and culture through exhibitions educational programs and events”.The Center e was launched in 2011 based on the legacy of the Mona Bismarck Foundation which became active in 1986 following the death of its founder and sole benefactor the American philanthropist Countess Mona von Bismarck She donated her Parisian townhouse and the majority of her estate to found the Mona Bismarck Foundation as her desire was to establish a Cultural Centre in Paris to enhance the cause of American / French friendship upon her death.
 Hillcrest is a historic home and national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The district contains four contributing buildings. The main house was built in 1903 and is an irregularly massed three story frame residence built in a combination of the Colonial Revival and Queen Anne styles. It features a conical three story turret and rounded one story enclosed porch.
 The David E. Davis House located at 400 E. UT 199 in Rush Valley Utah was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It was determined to be eligible for listing in 1984 but the then-current owner objected. Subsequent changes to the house however did not ruin the historic integrity of the house so in 2007 under a later owner it was possible to list the property.The house was built between 1883 and 1885 for David E. Davis.
 Warren Block is a historic commercial block at 155 Main Street in Marlborough Massachusetts. It was built in 1891.
 An iconic building on Miami University’s Oxford campus Alumni Library also known as Alumni Hall currently houses the university’s Department of Architecture and Interior Design and the Wertz Art and Architecture Library. This Lombardic Romanesque building built in 1910 celebrated its centennial in 2010.
 Saint John Evangelical Lutheran Church is located in New Fane Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The church is affiliated with the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod.
 St Mary the Virgin usually called St Mary's is a church situated on the edge of Lytchett Matravers village in Dorset England and is part of Salisbury Diocese.
 The Dylan Thomas Centre is an arts centre located in the Maritime Quarter in Swansea Wales.Formerly the city's Guildhall which was originally built in 1825 the Dylan Thomas Centre was restored and refurbished to host the UK Year of Literature and Writing in 1995.It was opened in 1995 by American ex-President Jimmy Carter and has a permanent exhibition on the life and work of Dylan Thomas as well as a restaurant and bar a bookshop cafe conference rooms and a theatre.The centre houses the permanent ‘Man and Myth’ exhibition based on the largest collection of memorabilia of its kind in the world. 
 The Joliet YMCA is a historic building in Joliet Illinois United States.
 The Indian Air Force Museum Palam is the museum of the Indian Air Force and is located at the Palam Air Force Station in Delhi India.Entrance to the museum is free.The museum was the only one of its kind in India until the unveiling of the Naval Aviation Museum in Goa in 1998.
 The Hans J. Hagge Boathouse is located in Hazelhurst Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Galleria Tower is a 17-story 285000 square foot (26000 m²) office building located at the Riverchase Galleria in the Hoover suburb of Birmingham Alabama United States. The building was developed by Jim Wilson & Associates as a part of the Riverchase Galleria. Construction began in 1983 and was completed in 1986. The building connects to the Galleria via a large glass atrium.The building is the tallest office building outside of the Downtown Birmingham District.
 North Dekalb Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Decatur a suburb of Atlanta Georgia United States. Opened in 1965 the center currently comprises more than eighty-five stores on one level. Anchor stores include Burlington Coat Factory Macy's Payless Home Furnishings Marshalls and Ross Dress For Less; the mall also features a food court and multiplex movie theater.
 United Church of Canastota is a historic church at 144 W. Center Street in Canastota New York.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Ooshima Seishōen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Ooshima Seishōen is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex-leprosy patients situated in a small island called Ooshima Takamatsu-shi Kagawa-ken Japan which was established in 1909.
 The Skaneateles Historic District is a 17 acres (6.9 ha) historic district in the village of Skaneateles New York that dates back to 1796 includes one building from the 20th century but is otherwise composed of 19th-century residences and commercial buildings. It includes 59 contributing buildings and one contributing site – Thayer Park along Skaneateles Lake – as well as five non-contributing structures.
 The Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia (National Museum of Magna Græcia) Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Reggio Calabria (National Archaeological Museum of Reggio Calabria) or Palazzo Piacentini is a museum in Reggio Calabria southern Italy housing an archaeological collection from sites in Magna Graecia.Initially formed with a nucleus of material ceded from the city's Museo Civico in the 19th century the Museo Archeologico Nazionale della Magna Grecia then grew via many discoveries in various excavation campaigns in the ancient city-states of Calabria Basilicata and Sicily by the Soprintendenza Archeologica della Calabria right up to the present day including the Riace bronzes. 
 Merkel Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located in Richmond Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the 2 1/2-story stone banked mill with tin roof (1854); 2 1/2-story stone Georgian-style manor house (1767); large stone and frame barn with banked earth ramp (c. 1850); one-story smokehouse with slate roof (c. 1767); 1 1/2-story stone summer kitchen (c. 1767); clapboarded frame privy (c. 1939); storage shed (c. 1939); and the millraces dam and pond.
 Union Hotel also known as Barrow's Hotel is a historic hotel located at Sackets Harbor in Jefferson County New York. It is a 3 1⁄2-story stone building 51 feet by 69 feet over a full basement. The original structure was built in 1817–1818. The interior features distinctive Federal woodwork. It functioned as a hotel into the 1860s then was used as a Masonic Lodge.
 Gov. Samuel J. Tilden Monument is a historic funeral monument located in Cemetery of the Evergreens at New Lebanon in Columbia County New York. It was designed by noted architect Ernest Flagg (1856-1947) and built in 1895-1896. It contains the remains of New York State Governor Samuel J. Tilden (1814-1886). It consists of a nine and one half ton cut granite sarcophagus on a raised platform of four cut granite steps.
 First Missionary Baptist Church is a Gothic Revival style church located at 701 S. Gaines St. Little Rock Arkansas. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.In the spring of 1845 a slave gathered enough courage to ask his master to allow him to form a church for the slaves to worship. This was a bold move because slaves were thought of as chattel and were bought and sold at will. The slave name was Rev. Wilson Brown. Rev.
 St. Alphege Church Solihull is a parish church in the Church of England in Solihull West Midlands.
 The Chung Li-he Museum (Chinese: 鍾理和數位博物館; pinyin: Zhōnglǐhé Shùwèi Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Meinong District Kaohsiung Taiwan. The museum is dedicated to Taiwanese novelist Chung Li-ho.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church built in 1886 is an historic brick Gothic Revival style Episcopal church located at 4th and Poplar streets in Scotland South Dakota United States. On June 17 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.St. Andrew's is no longer an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of South Dakota.
 The Burrell Heights Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museum of Commerce is a reconstruction of a Pensacola Florida streetscene using businesses that operated in Pensacola between 1880 and 1910. It is part of the Historic Pensacola Village in the Pensacola Historic District.The Museum consists of twenty properties some are interpretive history sites. They include a toy store a leather store a hardware store a music store a print shop a gas station and a tram.
 St Mary's Church is a 14th-century parish church dedicated to St Mary the Virgin in Ticehurst East Sussex England. Part of the Diocese of Chichester the church has grade II* listed building status.
 Denkmann-Hauberg House is an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Today it is known as the Hauberg Civic Center.
 Westfield Parramatta is a shopping centre in Parramatta a city suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia. The centre is owned and managed by The Westfield Group.
 St Nicholas Shambles was a mediaeval church in the City of London. It was on the corner of Butcher Hall Lane (now King Edward Street) and Newgate Street. It took its name from the Shambles the butchers area in the west of Newgate Street. The site was extensively excavated in 1975–9 in preparation for the GPO headquarters now the BT Centre the headquarters of BT Group.The church is first mentioned as St. Nicholas de Westrnacekaria.
 Tosen Chapel or Lande Chapel (Norwegian: Tosen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Lande. The church is part of the Velfjord og Tosen parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was originally constructed in 1734 at Solstad (near Holm) in Bindal and it was disassembled and moved here in 1888.
 Grønnåsen Church (Norwegian: Grønnåsen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the Breivika area in the northern part of the city of Tromsø on the island of Tromsøya. The church is part of the Grønnåsen parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The gray wooden church was built in 1996 and it seats about 450 people.
 The White House in Aston Munslow Shropshire is a medieval hall house that has undergone considerable alteration over the centuries. It is a grade II* listed building.
 Hewlett House is a historic home located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It is a two story gable roofed dwelling built about 1815 and enlarged in the 1870s. It features a one story shed roof front porch with a bracketed cornice and square columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Christ Church Episcopal is a historic church at Church and Market Streets in Lexington Kentucky.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Nathan B. Devereaux Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 66425 Eight Mile Road in Northfield Township Washtenaw County Michigan. The house is one of only three extant octagonal houses in Washtenaw County and remains in excellent and near original condition. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Dixon–Markle House is located at the corner of East Cooper Avenue and South Aspen Street in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a wood frame house erected in the 1880s. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with other properties in the city.It is believed to have been the house of a successful miner during the silver-mining boom years that established Aspen.
 The Santa Justa Lift (Portuguese: Elevador de Santa Justa pronounced: [elɨvɐˈdoɾ dɨ ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈʒuʃtɐ]) also called Carmo Lift (Portuguese: Elevador do Carmo [elɨvɐˈdoɾ du ˈkaɾmu]) is an elevator/lift in civil parish of Santa Justa in the historical city of Lisbon situated at the end of Rua de Santa Justa.
 Maidenhead Synagogue is a Reform synagogue based in Maidenhead England serving Berkshire Buckinghamshire and surrounding districts west of London in the Thames Valley area.
 The Royal Danish Naval Museum (Danish: Orlogsmuseet) is a museum dedicated to the history of the Royal Danish Navy. The displays include a collection of naval models which dates back to late 17th century.
 The Blue Shield of California Building is a 100 m (330 ft) 23-floor high-rise office building in the Financial District of San Francisco California between Market Street and Mission Street. Completed in 1967 the building serves as the world headquarters for the Bechtel Corporation with spill-over across the street to 45 Fremont Center. Broadway Partners acquired the building in 2007.
 The Marseilles Hydro Plant also known as the Marseilles Hydro Development or the Marseilles Hydro Power Station is a historic hydroelectric power station along the Illinois River in Marseilles Illinois USA.
 Drybridge House is a large 17th century Grade II* listed building in Monmouth south east Wales. It is located to the southwest of the town at one end of Drybridge Street close to the “dry bridge” over a small stream which is now buried beneath a nearby roundabout. It is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail and is now managed as the Bridges Community Centre.
 Björnstorp Castle (Swedish: Björnstorp slott) is a castle in Lund Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It was built in 1752 and reshaped in 1860-1880 with its final appearance set in 1868 by architect Helgo Zettervall.
 The Russellville Masonic Temple also known as Russellville City Hall and listed as Site # PP0199 is a building in Russellville Arkansas that was built in 1926. It is a Classical Revival building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.Built as a Masonic Temple with the first floor rented to the city for use as the city Hall. In 1943 the city bought the building paid off the mortgage and rented the second floor to the Masons.
 The Robert P. Parker House is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The house was designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1892 and is an example of his early work. Real-estate agent Thomas H. Gale had it built and sold it to Robert P. Parker later that year. The house was designed by Wright independently while he was still employed by Adler and Sullivan something architect Louis Sullivan forbade.
 The Hôtel de Boisgelin is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 The Academy of Music also known as American Academy of Music is a concert hall and opera house located at 240 S. Broad Street between Locust and Manning Streets in the Avenue of the Arts area of Center City Philadelphia It was built in 1855-57 and is the oldest opera house in the United States that is still used for its original purpose. Known as the Grand Old Lady of Broad Street the venue is the home of the Pennsylvania Ballet and the Opera Company of Philadelphia.
 Birch Run Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Birch Run Michigan. The largest outlet mall in the Midwestern United States it opened in 1986. It is managed by Premium Outlets a division of Simon Property Group.
 The Robert C. Weaver Federal Building is a 10-story office building in Washington D.C. owned by the federal government of the United States. Completed in 1968 it serves as the headquarters of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Built by the General Services Administration it is a prime example of Brutalist architecture. The structure is named for Dr. Robert C.
 The Taiwan Oil Field Exhibition Hall or Taiwan Petroleum Exhibition Hall (Chinese: 台灣油礦陳列館; pinyin: Táiwān Yóukuàng Chénlièguǎn) is a museum about oil in Gongguan Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 The Robert B. Ferguson Museum of Mineralogy is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It is located at the University of Manitoba in the Wallace Building. The museum got its start in 1918 by way of a donation from geologist Joseph Winthrop Spencer. His 1100 mineral and rock specimen formed the basis of the early museum. The museum has grown over the years through various donations.Part of the collection is on display for the benefit of students.
 The South Torrington Union Pacific Depot was built in 1926 just to the south of Torrington Wyoming. It was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood in the Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival as a combined passenger and freight depot. The line was principally intended to serve a sugar refinery in the vicinity.
 Hilton New Orleans Riverside located at 2 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 29-story 341 feet (104 m)-tall skyscraper. The hotel is part of the Hilton Hotels chain. A portion of the building complex overlooks the Mississippi River front. The building is connected via an enclosed pedestrian walkway with the adjacent Riverwalk Marketplace.Noted musician Pete Fountain had a club where he performed regularly in the Hilton for some 20 years up to 2003.
 Mallie's Sports Grill & Bar is a restaurant sports grill and bar located in Southgate Michigan. It was established in 2005. It is best known for setting the world record of the biggest hamburger commercially available.
 The Peekskill Freight Depot sometimes called the Lincoln Depot is located on South Water Street in Peekskill New York United States. It is a brick building erected in the late 19th century.During his train ride to Washington after being elected Abraham Lincoln gave a speech at this site his only public appearance in Westchester County. No longer in use as a depot the current building is the only intact freight-only station building along the route of the former Hudson River Railroad.
 The Hilberry Theatre is located at 4743 Cass Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan where it is employed by 40-50 graduate students at the Wayne State University main campus who are pursuing degrees in acting directing or design management. Created in 1963 the Hilberry Theatre is the oldest graduate repertory company in the United States. The Hilberry Theatre puts on roughly six different plays both modern and classic from October until May each year.
 The Indiana State Museum is a museum located within White River State Park in Indianapolis Indiana USA. The museum houses exhibits on the science art culture and history of Indiana from prehistoric times up to the present day. The museum is also the site of the state's largest IMAX screen.
 The Huis met de Kabouters (Dutch for House with the Gnomes) is a 19th-century building in Amsterdam so named because the facade is decorated with two figures of gnomes. The building has held rijksmonument status since 1984.The house is at Ceintuurbaan 251-255 in the De Pijp district near the Nieuwe Amstelbrug bridge across the river Amstel.
 Rathbone-Zabriskie House is located in Ridgewood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Arundel Museum is a local museum in the town of Arundel West Sussex just inland from the south coast of England. Arundel Museum is run by the Arundel Museum Society a registered charity. The museum is manned by volunteers and relies on subscriptions donations and fundraising events for its survival.
 The Myrene Apartment Building is an historic structure located at 703 6th St. Northwest Washington D.C. in the Chinatown neighborhood.
 The Medieval Castle of Limassol (Greek: Κάστρο Λεμεσού Turkish: Limasol Kalesi) is situated near the old harbour in the heart of the historical centre of the city of Limassol. The Castle as it appears today is a structure rebuilt under the Turkish domination in 19th century to the period of Ottoman rule.
 St. Andrew's-by-the-Sea is a historic Episcopal chapel on Church Road southeast of the junction with South Road and Route 1A in Rye New Hampshire. It was designed by architects Winslow & Wetherell and was built in 1876.In 1864 the congregation first held services at the then nearby Farragut Hotel. The current chapel was constructed in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Dinaburga Castle (German: Dünaburg) also known as Vecdaugavpils or Vecpils is a castle located in Naujene parish east of Daugavpils in the historical region of Latgalia in eastern Latvia. It is strategically situated on a high bank of the Daugava River. It was built between 1273 and 1277 by the Livonian Order and destroyed by Russian troops before 1577. Nowadays fragments of the foundation are exposed.
 Central Tower is a 91 m (299 ft) 21-story office building at Market and Third Streets in San Francisco California. The building has undergone numerous renovations since its completion in 1898 as the Call Building and later the Spreckels Building.
 The Phipps-McElveen Building at 525–529 Penn Avenue in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA was built in 1896 for Henry Phipps Jr. an early business partner of Andrew Carnegie real estate developer and philanthropist. The building served as the location of the McElveen furniture store for about 20 years. By 1919 it was occupied by a clothier Oppenhiem Collins & Company who stayed there until the late 1930s.
 Shorty's Lunch is a Washington Pennsylvania-based hot dog lunch counter. A local landmark Shorty's has been owned by the Alexas family since the 1930s. It has two locations including the main facility on West Chestnut Street in Washington as well as in Canton. The main restaurant boasts old wooden booths a dining counter as well a large storefront showing the grill to pedestrians.
 Kehukee Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Scotland Neck North Carolina.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 St Levan's Church St Levan is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Levan Cornwall United Kingdom. Until 1864 the church was a chapelry of the Royal Peculiar of the Deanery of St Buryan. It is now part of the united benefice of St Buryan and St Sennen.
 The Ibn Uthman Mosque (Arabic: مسجد ابن عثمان‎ Jami Ibn 'Uthman) is the second largest old mosque in Gaza City. It is also regarded as second to the Great Mosque of Gaza in terms of physical appearance and status as a Friday mosque. Noted for its architectural patterns the mosque was established in three different stages during the Burji Mamluk period of rule in Gaza.
 The White House also known as White Residence at 176 Robineau Road in Syracuse New York was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was designed by Ward Wellington Ward.The house remains on a plot of .7-acre (2800 m2).
 The Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel (chapelle Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Our Lady of Good Help) is a church in the district of Old Montreal in Montreal Quebec. One of the oldest churches in Montreal it was built in 1771 over the ruins of an earlier chapel. St. Marguerite Bourgeoys the first teacher in the colony of Ville-Marie and the founder of the Congregation of Notre Dame rallied the colonists to build a chapel in 1655.
 St. Boniface Church Bonchurch is a parish church in the Church of England located in Bonchurch Isle of Wight.
 The Camera Museum is a museum in George Town Penang Malaysia.
 St George's Church Heaviley is in Buxton Road Heaviley an area of Stockport Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Stockport the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with that of St Gabriel Adswood. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Theodore W. Richards House is a National Historic Landmark at 15 Follen Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.The house was built in 1900 by Warren Smith & Biscoe and was the home of Harvard University chemist and 1914 Nobel Prize winner Theodore William Richards. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and included in the Follen Street Historic District in 1986.
 The Alex Halone House in Thermopolis Wyoming was built by Finnish immigrant Alex Halone for his personal residence in 1909–1910. Halone a stonemason built many stone structures in Thermopolis. Three generations of the Halone family were stonemasons. The grounds include a log Finnish sauna built by Alex and Eugene Halone with assistance from Lauri Suikaonen in 1946-51.
 The Jacob Weinberger U.S. Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located in San Diego California. It is a courthouse for the United States bankruptcy court for the Southern District of California.
 The Château de Flamarens is a castle in the commune of Flamarens in the Gers département of France.A castrum is mentioned on the site in 1289 and is believed to have been remodelled in the 14th century. Additional building work and alterations were made some time between 1469 and about 1475 by Jean de Cazanove for Jean de Grosolles. The northern part was built before 1536 by Georges Dauzières for Arnaud de Grossolles. Alterations were made in the 18th century (windows and interior decoration).
 The Liberty Building is located at 420 Main Street across the Buffalo Metro Rail from Lafayette Square in Buffalo New York USA.
 The Kasturba Hospital was started in 1945 by Dr Sushila Nayyar. It is a 648 - bed hospital located in Sevagram about 8 km. from Wardha and offers tertiary care healthcare facilities to rural patients. In 1969 the Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences a medical school was started and attached to the Kasturba Hospital.
 This page is about the hospital in Birmingham England. For the hospital in London; see Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital.The Royal Orthopaedic Hospital is a National Health Service hospital situated in Northfield Birmingham West Midlands England. It specialises in bone and joint problems.
 Kyle's Mill House is a historic home located near Harrisonburg Rockingham County Virginia. It was built about 1750 and was built as a two-story hall-parlor plan log dwelling with a side gable roof. It was expanded about 1826 to a central-hall plan a rear ell was added in 1903 and the house was renovated in 1986. The house is clad in weatherboard and has exterior end chimneys.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Alexandria Hall-Louisiana College is a Classical Revival structure built in 1920 located in Pineville Louisiana. Alexandria Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 15 1986.
 Seeley Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a 2 1⁄2-story side-gable-roofed wood frame dwelling on a raised basement with clapboard aluminum and asbestos siding. There is a sizable 2-story rear wing. It features a large open verandah with two sizable cure porches on top.
 Glens Falls Hospital is a 410 bed not-for-profit community hospital located in Glens Falls New York. It serves the communities in Warren Washington Hamilton Essex and northern Saratoga and Rensselaer counties. The hospital operates 28 off-campus health care facilities throughout the region. The hospital is the largest employer in the region with over 3000 employees.
 The Bartlett Museum is a nonprofit museum located at 270 Main Street Amesbury Massachusetts. The museum was formed in 1968 as part of the celebrations for the 300th anniversary of the founding of the Town of Amesbury.The building was originally the Bartlett School from 1870 until it was closed in 1968. As of 2009 the museum's exhibits included: Local history - Amesbury's former carriage industry old maps and mementos of local history.
 The Delaware County Courthouse located in Manchester Iowa United States was built in 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Drents Museum is a historical museum located in Assen Netherlands. It was founded by the King's Commissioner of Drenthe on November 28 1854 as the Provincial Museum of Drents Antiquities.
 The John Stevens Shop founded in 1705 is a stone carving business on Thames Street in Newport Rhode Island that is one of the oldest continuously operating businesses in the United States.
 The Grant County Courthouse is an historic 3-story redbrick building located on West Guthrie Street in Medford Oklahoma. It was built in 1909 in the Classical Revival style. On August 23 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fruitlands was a Utopian agrarian commune established in Harvard Massachusetts by Amos Bronson Alcott and Charles Lane in the 1840s based on Transcendentalist principles. An account of its less-than-successful activities can be found in Alcott's daughter Louisa May Alcott's Transcendental Wild Oats.Lane purchased what was known as the Wyman farm and its 90 acres (360000 m2) which also included a dilapidated house and barn.
 321 North Clark at Riverfront Plaza is a 35-story 155.45 m (510.0 ft) skyscraper constructed from 1983 to 1987 in Chicago Illinois. The tower was built by BCE Development Properties and designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill as part of the Riverfront Plaza development on the north bank of the Chicago River. 321 North Clark opened in April 1987 and was named city development of the year by the Chicago Sun-Times.
 St. Joseph Polish Catholic Church is a historic church at 1010 Liberty Street in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. It is one of two churches in Camden named St. Joseph. The other is St. Joseph Pro-Cathedral.
 Pacific View Mall (formerly known as Buenaventura Center and Buenaventura Plaza) is a regional enclosed mall located on the West Coast in Ventura California. It is the largest shopping center in Ventura County and covers a leasable area of almost 1000000 sq ft (93000 m2). It was aptly renamed for its nearby view of the Pacific Ocean overlooking Pierpont Bay.Its current anchors include Macy's Sears JCPenney and most recently a Target store.
 The Pure Oil Station in Geneva Illinois is a former gas station for the Pure Oil Company. The historic building was recognized by the National Park Service on its National Register of Historic Places on April 23 2013.
 The Wild Basin Ranger Station is located in the southeastern portion of Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado. Built in 1932 the ranger station is an example of National Park Service rustic architecture built to plans by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design. The log structure is roofed with wood shingles and rests on a concrete foundation.
 The Arthur Lewis Building which is named after the economist Arthur Lewis is part of the University of Manchester's campus. It is located west of Oxford Road and south of the Manchester Business School nearly a mile from the centre of Manchester UK. Construction was completed in 2007 when the building was given a BREEAM 'Very Good' rating.
 The Goodwill Historic District Chopawamsic RDA Camp 1 near Triangle Virginia dates from 1934. It has also been known as Prince William Forest Park as Camp Lichtman and as Boys' Camp. It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places on June 12 1989.
 The Naniboujou Club Lodge is a resort and restaurant built as part of a private club on the North Shore of Lake Superior in Cook County Minnesota USA about 15 miles (24 km) east of Grand Marais. Named after Nanabozho a character from the Ojibwa traditional stories the lodge's décor has both Native American and Art Deco influences.
 Jonas J. Pierce House is a historic home located at Sharpsville Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1868 and is a three-story wood frame residence in the Second Empire style. It is three bays by five bays and features a mansard roof and large octagonal tower. The house was converted to apartments about 1942.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 HM Prison Gartree is a Category B men's prison located in Market Harborough Leicestershire England. Gartree is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Rebersburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Miles Township Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes 205 contributing buildings in Rebersburg. The district is almost exclusively residential with three churches a small luncheonette one grocery store and a post office. Among the types of residential building types present are the row house connected or double houses Continental four-over-four Pennsylvania four-over-four and Victorian Gothic type.
 One Bank of America Plaza also called One Bank of America Square is a 17-story skyscraper located at 421 Fayetteville Street in Raleigh North Carolina with 367225 square feet (34116.3 m2).
 Norton Street Congregational Church is a former Congregational Church on Norton Street in Nottingham. Until 1904 it was known as Bloomsgrove Congregational Church.
 Kameyama Castle (亀山城 Kameyama-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Kameyama northern Mie Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Kameyama Castle was home to the Ishikawa clan daimyō of Ise-Kameyama Domain. The castle was also known as Kochō-jō (粉蝶城).
 Highwic is a historic house in Epsom New Zealand that is registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I structure and is also one of AA Travel's 101 Must-Do's for Kiwis. The site has been made available for wedding photography filming or catering services.
 Glen Eira Town Hall known originally as Caulfield Town Hall is located in Caulfield Victoria Australia. The hall was finished in 1890 and is a designated historic building with the Heritage Council of Victoria.
 The Star Engraving building is a building at 3201 Allen Parkway in Houston Texas built in 1930 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style by the Star Engraving company to house its engraving factory. The building is currently (as of 2013) owned by the city of Houston and serves as the Houston Center for the Arts housing the Stages Repertory Theatre the Houston Arts Alliance and the Bayou Preservation Alliance.
 First Congregational Church and Lexington School (also known as New School Presbyterian Church and the Old Congregational Church) consists of an historic church building located at 47 Delaware Street and an historic school building located at 51 W. Church Street both in Lexington Ohio. The school building is now the Richland County Museum.On February 23 1979 the two buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nissly-Stauffer Tobacco Warehouses are two historic tobacco warehouses located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The Nissly Warehouse was built about 1912 and is a three-story rectangular brick building on a limestone foundation. It is seven bays by six bays. The Stauffer Warehouse was built about 1913 and is a five-story rectangular brick building on a limestone foundation. It is four bays by eight bays.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Flint Institute of Arts also called FIA is located in the Flint Cultural Center in Flint Michigan. It offers exhibitions interpretive programs film screenings concerts lectures family events and educational outreach programs to people of various ages serving over 120000 adults and children a year.
 Ditherington Flax Mill a Flax mill located in Ditherington a suburb of Shrewsbury England is the oldest iron framed building in the world. As such it is seen as the grandfather of skyscrapers despite being only as tall as a modern five-story building. Its importance was officially recognised in the 1950s resulting in it becoming a Grade I listed building. It is also locally known as the Maltings from its later use.It is derelict and is in the hands of English Heritage.
 Fort Belknap located near Newcastle Texas was established in November 1851 by brevet Brigadier William G. Belknap to protect the Texas frontier against raids by the Kiowa and Comanche. It was the northernmost fort in a line from the Rio Grande to the Red River.
 The Frederick Flagg House is a historic house at 65 Fairmont Avenue in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1930 by Frederick Flagg as a copy of the c. 1710 Home Sweet Home house in East Hampton New York. The principal difference is that Flagg's replica has a more elaborate entry framed by Doric pilasters and topped by a four-light transom and pediment.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Winslow-Haskell Mansion also known locally as The Castle is a historic house at 53 Vista Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The large Gothic Victorian house was built c. 1870 and enlarged and remodeled in 1882. The early construction included Gothic pointed-arch windows and vergeboard trim. Later work added Queen Anne styling including the three-story tower with polychrome roofing and cement-like wall surfacing. It has several ornately-decorated porches.
 Central Ridgewood Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 782 contributing buildings built between 1895 and 1927. They consist mainly of two story brick rowhouse dwellings with one apartment per floor. Buildings feature rounded bay front facades and the use of several shades of speckled brick.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Rodman Octagonal Barn near Edgeley North Dakota was built in 1890 by Luman B. Rodman. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Toronto's Old City Hall was home to its city council from 1899 to 1966 and remains one of the city's most prominent structures. The building is located at the corner of Queen and Bay Streets across Bay Street from Nathan Phillips Square and the new City Hall in the centre of downtown Toronto.
 The Lange Hotel is a historic commercial building and former hotel in the village of West Alexandria Ohio United States. One of the area's leading early farmhouses it is the latest in a series of hotels on the same spot and it has been designated a historic site.The portion of Preble County around West Alexandria was first settled between 1800 and 1810 and the village itself was platted in 1818 and incorporated eighteen years later.
 The Hawkeye Transfer Company Warehouse also as the Rocket Transfer Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The building was built by Frederick Hubbell who founded F.M. Hubbell and Son which became Hubbell Realty Co. The company has retained ownership of the building since was built. Plans were approved in 2009 to convert the building as well as the Schmitt and Henry Manufacturing Company complex into loft apartments.
 1600 Smith Street (previously named Continental Center I also known as Cullen Center Plaza) is a 51-story 732-foot (223 m) office tower in Downtown Houston Texas United States. The building houses offices of United Airlines[citation needed] and it was Continental's headquarters prior to its merger with United Airlines. At one point it also served as the headquarters of ExpressJet Airlines.
 Council House is a 13-storey office building on St Georges Terrace in Perth Western Australia. Located beside Stirling Gardens and Government House in the city's central business district the 47.9-metre (157 ft) building was designed by Howlett and Bailey Architects and opened by The Queen in 1963 after Perth hosted the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
 The Rowhouses at 702-712 Kirkwood Boulevard are located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Tudor Revival structure has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Fewell School is a historic site located in Fewell Oklahoma. Fewell 10 miles east of Nashoba Oklahoma is a rural community in the Kiamichi Mountains of Pushmataha County Oklahoma.Fewell School was constructed by the Works Progress Administration (WPA) in 1936-1937 as a Great Depression public works project. As built the school consisted of three rooms and measured 28 by 42 feet (8.5 by 12.8 m).
 Hovhannavank (Armenian: Հովհաննավանք short for Armenian: Սուրբ Յովհաննես Կարապետ վանք Surb Hovhannes Vank) is an Armenian Apostolic Church monastery located in the village of Ohanavan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is situated atop a steep gorge carved by the Kasagh river.
 The Kantonsspital St. Gallen (German for: Canton of St. Gallen-Hospital) is the main hospital of the Canton of St. Gallen and the sixth largest of Switzerland. It lies in the center of St. Gallen the capital of the canton.
 Abbott Hospital is a former hospital building located in Minneapolis Minnesota United States located within the Stevens Square Historic District. The hospital was originally built in 1910 with several additions up until 1958.
 The Silver Cross Tavern is a pub on Whitehall in London England. It was first opened as a licensed pub in 1674 after having previously being an establishment there since the 13th century.
 The Templeton Developmental Center is a state-run facility for the mentally handicapped located in Templeton in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. Founded as the Templeton Farm Colony in 1899 through the efforts of Walter E.
 Southgate Mall is the sole enclosed shopping center in the sixteen county Historic Albemarle region of northeastern North Carolina. Located on West Ehringhaus Street (US 17 Business) in Elizabeth City North Carolina the mall is currently anchored by Belk and JCPenney.The mall opened in 1967 as Southgate Plaza Shopping Center with senior anchors Belk-Tyler and W.T. Grant. Junior anchors Winn-Dixie and People's Drug filled positions intermediate to anchors and smaller shops.
 Rubinstein Building (Hebrew: בית רובינשטיין‎) is a landmark skyscraper in Tel Aviv Israel. The building was named after its developer Rubinstein and Company. It was designed by Freiberger Architects. Under Aryeh Freiberger construction began in 1998 and was completed in 1999.
 Fulbright Hall formerly known as The Everglades is a resident hall on the campus of George Washington University (GW) named after J. William Fulbright located at 2223 H St. Northwest Washington D.C. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
 Budal Church (Norwegian: Budal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Enodden. The red church was built in 1754 and is one of the few Y-shaped church buildings in Norway.The church is part of the Budal parish in Midtre Gauldal which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Battery Steele (U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Battery Construction #102) is a United States military fortification on Peaks Island Portland Maine in Casco Bay. Completed in 1942 as part of World War II it is located on 14 acres (5.7 ha) on the oceanside area of the island. It is named for Harry Lee Steele who was a coastal artillery officer during World War I. It was built to protect Casco Bay particularly Portland harbor from Kennebunk to Popham Beach in Phippsburg.
 The House at 206 West Street in Reading Massachusetts is a well-preserved Greek Revival cottage. Its date of construction is uncertain but appears to fall within the period of Greek Revival popularity in Reading between 1831 and 1857. The house has side gables (unlike the more typical Greek Revival front gable forms) with a gabled dormer above the center entry. The door is flanked by full-length sidelight windows and pilasters which support a tall entablature.
 Park Tower (formerly known as the Lykes Building) is a skyscraper located in downtown Tampa Florida. It is the second-oldest high-rise building in the current Tampa skyline. At the time of its completion in November 1973 it was the tallest in Florida and is currently sixth-tallest in Tampa at 460 feet (36 stories). It was the tallest building in Tampa until One Tampa City Center was built in 1981.
 The Soldiers and McKinley Memorial Parkways are a pair of historic brick streets in Fremont Ohio United States. Designed as small parkways they were constructed in honor of Sandusky County's eighty-five soldiers who were killed in action during World War I.
 Emmet Methodist Church is a historic church at 209 S. Walnut in Emmet Arkansas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 The New England Air Museum (NEAM) is an aerospace museum located at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks Connecticut U.S.A.. The museum consists of three display hangars and has additional storage-only hangars. It houses 66 aircraft 26 helicopters a variety of missiles ejection seats and other pieces of flight-related equipment.
 The Merrimack Associates Building is a historic factory building at 25 Locust Avenue in Haverhill Massachusetts. The eight story brick building built in 1913 is one of a few industrial buildings to survive redevelopment of the area north of Haverhill's main business district. It was designed by architect C. Willis Damon who also designed the nearby Haverhill Board of Trade Building.
 George J. Renner Jr. House is a building in the Wick Park Historic District in Youngstown Ohio. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Casa de Nariño (Spanish for House of Nariño) or Palacio de Nariño (Spanish for Palace of Nariño) is the official home and principal workplace of the President of Colombia. It houses the main office of the executive branch and is located in the capital city of Bogotá Colombia. It was dedicated in 1908 after being constructed on the site of the house where Antonio Nariño was born.
 The Samuel Douglass House at 215 N. Main St. in Payson Utah was built in 1874 and later substantially altered. It was updated to include Bungalow/craftsman architecture in 1912 and won a high school civics class award.		It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It is also a contributing building in the Payson Historic District which was listed on the National Register in 2007.
 The Philetus W. Norris House is located at 17815 Mt. Elliott Avenue in Detroit Michigan near the corner of Mound Road and Davison Avenue. It was built in 1873 by Philetus W. Norris who went on to become the second superintendent of Yellowstone National Park. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Mosque of Omar Ibn Al-Khattab (Spanish transcription Omar Iban Al-Jattab) is a mosque in Maicao La Guajira Colombia. It is the third largest mosque in Latin America. It is locally known as “La Mezquita” (“The Mosque”) simply because it is the only mosque in the region. Along with the Dar Alarkan School they are the centers for the Islamic faith and culture in the region. The mosque was constructed in 17 September 1997 and named after the second Sunni caliph Omar Ibn Al-Khattab.
 The Frost Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Austin Texas United States. Standing 515 feet (157 m) tall with 33 floors it is the third tallest building in Austin behind The Austonian and the 360 Condominiums. It was developed by Cousins Properties from November 2001 to December 2003 as a class A office building with 525000 sq ft (48774 m2) of leasable space. It was the first high-rise building to be constructed in the United States after the 9/11 attacks.
 The Kunsthalle Bremen is an art museum in Bremen Germany. It is located close to the Bremen Old Town on the Culture Mile (German: Kulturmeile). The Kunsthalle was built in 1849 enlarged in 1902 by architect Eduard Gildemeister and expanded several more times most notably in 2011.
 Cambridge University Health Partners is an Academic Health Science Centre that brings together the University of Cambridge Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust Papworth Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Cambridge and Peterborough NHS Foundation Trust. It is largely located on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus on the southern edge of Cambridge England.
 Sharpe Homestead and Cemetery is a historic home and cemetery located at Defreestville in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built about 1740 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame dwelling 20 feet by 40 feet topped by a steeply pitched gable roof covered with standing seam metal. It rests on a low fieldstone foundation.
 The Robert L. Spotswood House also known as the J. Clyde Glenn House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1926 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991 as a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 Thomas Lamb House also known as My Home is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house dates to about 1855 and is a two-story three bay side hall plan frame dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It has a long and low rear wing with a porch. Both sections have gable roofs. Also on the property are a contributing barn with stable a frame milk house and a privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Bundeswehr Military History Museum (German: Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr (MHM)) is the military museum of the German Armed Forces the Bundeswehr and one of the major military history museums in Germany. It is located in a former military arsenal in the Albertstadt which is part of Dresden. After a long history of switching titles and approaches to military history the museum was re-opened in 2011 with a new internal and external concept.
 The Air India Building is a 23-storey commercial tower on Marine Drive in Nariman Point Mumbai India. The building served as the corporate headquarters for the Indian national airline Air India up to 2013. There is at-least 10800 sq feet of space on each floor of the building. In February 2013 Air India officially vacated the building as part of its asset-monetisation plan and shifted its corporate office to New Delhi.
 Castle of Afyonkarahisar (Turkish: Afyonkarahisar Kalesi) is a historical fortification which was built around 1350 BC and is located in Afyonkarahisar Turkey.
 Vananda is a former unincorporated village in northwestern Rosebud County Montana USA along the route of U.S. Highway 12. The town was established in 1908 as a station stop on the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad then under construction across Montana.
 University Hospital Coventry is a large National Health Service (NHS) hospital situated in the Walsgrave on Sowe area of Coventry West Midlands England 4 miles (6.4 km) from the city centre. It is part of the University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire NHS Trust which also includes the Hospital of St. Cross that is situated in Rugby Warwickshire.
 The Oak Ridge Seminary (Oak Ridge Female Seminary Oak-Ridge Academy) was an antebellum school for young ladies west of the borough of Gettysburg Pennsylvania. One of 2 girls schools used as an American Civil War hospital for Battle of Gettysburg casualties the female seminary had also been used as a prison and General Lee's Headquarters and tents [were] pitched in the space adjoining Oak Ridge Seminary (a field was on the east side of Miss Carrie Sheads' School.)
 Charles Sumner Post #25 Grand Army of the Republic is a historic fraternal lodge building located in Chestertown Kent County Maryland. It was constructed as a meeting hall about 1908 and is a two-story gable-front frame building built on brick piers with a rectangular floor plan.
 Corbin Bridge also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 20 is a historic suspension bridge spanning the Raystown Branch Juniata River and located at Juniata Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Reading Steel Products Inc. in 1937. It measures 322-foot-long (98 m) and has a 12.5-foot-wide (3.8 m) deck. It is the only road suspension bridge in Huntingdon County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Rockland Mill Complex is a national historic district located at Rockland in Sullivan County New York. The district includes four contributing buildings and three contributing structures. They include the grist mill (ca. 1850) containing much of its original machinery; remains of the original power canal mill pond and tailrace with stone retaining walls; tenant house (ca.
 The Watergate complex is a group of five buildings next to the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington D.C. in the United States. The 10-acre (40000 m2) site contains an office building three apartment buildings and a hotel-office building. Construction was delayed for several months while the developer government officials and others debated the appropriateness of the complex's architectural style and height.
 Landis Valley Museum is a nationally significant living history museum in Lancaster Pennsylvania USA. It collects conserves exhibits and interprets Pennsylvania German material culture history and heritage from 1740 through 1940. The museum was founded by the Landis brothers--Henry K. Landis and George Landis.As living history this museum is particularly interesting because of the many inventions developed in the Lancaster area.
 The Ashland UDC Jefferson Davis Highway Marker is a commemorative marker on the Jefferson Davis Highway in Hanover County Virginia outside of Richmond Virginia. It is a 42-inch-high (1.1 m) gray granite stone with a slanted top with two bronze plaques. The Jefferson Davis Highway was conceived and marked by the United Daughters of the Confederacy as a counter to the Lincoln Highway in the north during 1913-1925.
 Thomas Liddle Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1850 and is a 2-story three-bay clapboard-sided frame building in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof prominent cornice returns a wide frieze and broad fluted corner pilasters. The 1 1⁄2-story rear wing dates to the late 18th century.
 Plantation Place is one of the largest office developments in the City of London the primary financial district of London taking its name from a previous Plantation House once the world's recognised centre of the tea trade.Its anchor tenant is Accenture but it is also the current headquarters of a number of other consultancy firms banks and insurance companies including Wells Fargo RSA and Munich Re.
 Mapleview Centre or simply called Mapleview is a two-story upscale shopping mall located in Burlington Ontario Canada on Maple Avenue and Fairview Street at the Queen Elizabeth Way (QEW). The mall was opened in September 1990 and is owned by Ivanhoe Cambridge. The name of the mall comes from the two streets in which it is located.In late 2008 to 2010 the mall went through extensive $64000000 renovations.
 The Hexagon is a multi-purpose theatre and arts venue in Reading Berkshire England. Built in 1977 in the shape of an elongated hexagon the theatre is operated by Reading Borough Council under the name Reading Arts and Venues along with South Street Arts Centre and Reading's concert hall.
 The Bishop's Palace in Kraków (Polish: Pałac Biskupi w Krakowie) is the seat of Kraków metropolitan Curia Poland and the traditional residence of Kraków bishops since the late 14th century. It is the second largest palace in the city after Wawel – former seat of the Polish monarchs. It is part of a monastery complex of the Franciscan Religious order. Bishop's Palace is best known for being the residence of Pope John Paul II during his stays in the city.
 32 Avenue of the Americas also known as the AT&T Long Distance Building is a 27-story landmarked Art Deco skyscraper located in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York City. The building reaches a height of 549 feet (167.3 m) up to its twin spires and was completed in 1932. It is located by the intersections of Walker Street Lispenard Street Church Street and the Avenue of the Americas.
 Dalma Garden Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located near the Tsitsernakaberd hill in the Armenian capital Yerevan. Its is the first in the country. The project was announced in 2009 and the mall opened in October 2012. The mall was constructed by Tashir Group which is led by Samvel Karapetian.
 621 17th Street formerly known as the First Interstate Tower South is a high-rise building in Denver Colorado United States. The building was completed in 1957 and rises 28 floors and 385 feet (117 m) in height. The building stands as the 20th-tallest building in Denver and Colorado. It also stood as the tallest building in the city at the time of its 1957 completion and held that distinction for eleven years until it was surpassed by the 420-foot (128 m) Brooks Towers in 1968.
 1111 Lincoln Road is a parking garage in the South Beach section of Miami Beach Florida designed by the internationally known Swiss architectural firm of Herzog & de Meuron. It is located at the western end of the Lincoln Road Mall at the intersection with Alton Road and can house some 300 cars. Since its opening in 2010 it has attracted considerable interest because its unique appearance is different from more traditional parking garage designs.
 St. Martin of Tours Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church is located on Sunset Boulevard in the affluent Brentwood section of Los Angeles California.
 Silver Creek Communications Annex was a 373.7 metres ( 1226 ft ) tall guyed mast used by the USAF Survivable Low Frequency Communications System Site which was built near Silver Creek Nebraska at 41°20′46″N 97°43′18″W. Detachment 1 33d Communications Squadron 1st Aerospace Communications Group (later 55th Communications Group) out of Offutt AFB ran the site until its inactivation.
 The 1200 Landmark Center is a 255 ft (78 m) 15-story skyscraper at the corner of South 13th and Farnam Streets in Downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. As of 2004 the building is home to the Omaha operations of Pacific Life.
 The Herman Wood Round Barn is located near Iowa Falls in rural Franklin County Iowa. It was built in 1916 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 122 feet (37.2 m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a 20 foot (6.1 m) silo that extends through the flat roof.
 One Broadway is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located in Downtown's southern Brickell Financial District an area of increased density with the recent building boom in Miami. The 42-story tower was completed in 2005 and is located at 1451 South Miami Avenue two blocks west of Brickell Avenue. The building is near Southeast/Southwest 15th Road which is known as Broadway in Miami.
 Sanbutsu-ji (三仏寺 Sanbutsu-ji) is a Buddhist temple in the town of Misasa Tottori Prefecture Japan. The Nageire Hall (投入堂 Nageire-dō) of Sanbutsu-ji built in the Heian period is designated a National Treasure of Japan.By tradition Sanbutsu-ji was founded by the Buddhist ascetic and mystic of the late Asuka period monk En no Gyōja (ca. 634–701).
 Harrison House is a historic building in Centerville Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Wuhan Greenland Center is a 636 m (2087 ft) tall 125-storey skyscraper currently under construction in Wuhan China. In June 2011 Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architects in conjunction with Thornton Tomasetti Engineers won the design competition to build the tower for Greenland Group. The design has many energy saving features. The building's height was increased to 636 m and the expected completion date is now 2017.
 The First Unitarian Church of Chicago is a Unitarian Universalist (UU) church in Chicago Illinois. Unitarians do not have a common creed and include people with a wide variety of personal beliefs and include atheists agnostics deists monotheists pantheists polytheists pagans as well as other belief systems.One of the oldest churches in Chicago First Unitarian Chicago was founded in 1836 and located at 5650 S. Woodlawn Avenue.
 The United States Post Office building in Larchmont New York was constructed in 1937 as part of a program started in 1853 by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the United States Treasury Department. It is in the Colonial Revival style which was the most popular style for post offices built in New York after World War I. This post office was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of a Multiple Property Submission.
 Wheeler-Merriam House (or Elm Brook Farm) is an historic house at 477 Virginia Road in Concord Massachusetts.The house was built in 1692 and was added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 The Isaac Bargen House is located at 1215 Mountain Lake Rd. Mountain Lake Cottonwood County Minnesota United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 13 1986.
 Turkmen State Circus (Turkmen: Türkmenistanyň Döwlet Sirki) - is the main arena circus of Ashgabat capital of Turkmenistan. Seating capacity of the circus - 1700 seats. Is administered by the Ministry of Culture and Broadcasting of Turkmenistan.
 Speke Hall is a wood-framed wattle-and-daub Tudor manor house in Speke Liverpool England. It is one of the finest surviving examples of its kind.
 Café Griensteidl is a traditional Viennese café located at Michaelerplatz 2 across from St. Michael's Gate at the Hofburg Palace in the Innere Stadt first district of Vienna Austria. The cafe was founded in 1847 by former pharmacist Heinrich Griensteidl. In the January 1897 the original building was demolished during the course of the renovation of Michaelerplatz. In 1900 the café was reopened and became a popular location among the Viennese coffeehouse culture.
 The Benton Grange No. 458 is a Grange Hall building in Benton Maine USA that was built in 1915. It was a meeting hall and a city hall. It is in Colonial Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Fiskernes Chapel (Norwegian: Fiskernes bedehuskapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the island/village of Selvær. The church is part of the Træna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1887.
 Trinity College Bristol is an evangelical Anglican theological college located in Stoke Bishop Bristol England. It offers a range of full-time and part-time undergraduate and postgraduate courses which are validated by the University of Bristol though the college sets its own curriculum. Many of its students are training for ordination in the Church of England; and hence there is a strong vocational aspect to the courses it provides.
 The Studio Museum in Harlem located at 144 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is an American contemporary art museum which is devoted to the work of African-Americans artists of the 19th and 20th centuries. Founded in 1968 it was the first such museum in the United States.
 The Federal Building and Post Office is a historic main post office courthouse and Federal office building in Brooklyn New York.
 The Istituto Giannina Gaslini is a paediatric hospital located in Genoa Quarto dei Mille Italy founded by Gerolamo Gaslini (Count of Saint Jerome).
 The Quadrangle-Mattoon Street Historic District is a historic district in Springfield Massachusetts bounded by Chestnut Street to the West; State Street to the South; and includes properties on Mattoon Salem Edwards and Elliot Streets.
 The Oregon Cracker Company Building is a historic structure located in Portland Oregon United States. Built around 1897 as a food processing plant and expanded in 1901 it is one of Portland's finest Romansque Revival buildings. The building also includes early examples of structural features that were innovative for the time but which later became common. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Portland United Methodist Church is a historic church building at 300 N. Main St. in Portland Arkansas The Craftsman style two story T-shaped building was built in 1924to a design by architect John Parks Almand. The building is faced in brick laid in a running bond pattern. The roof is ceramic tile with broad overhanging eaves supported by distinctive triangular knee braces.
 The Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District built between 1916 and 1921 is located at Jones Street from 20th to 23rd Streets in Midtown Omaha in the U.S. state of Nebraska. Built in combined Georgian Revival Colonial Revival and Prairie School styles the complex was designated a City of Omaha Landmark in 1978; it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district in 1980.
 Westendstraße 1 is a 53-storey 208 m (682 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. The structure was completed in 1993 and together with the near-by City-Haus forms the headquarters of DZ Bank. In 1995 it won the Best Building of the Year award by the American Chamber of Architects in the multifunctional skyscraper category. The tower is the third tallest skyscraper in Frankfurt and also in Germany.
 Fort Negley was a fortification built for the American Civil War located approximately 2-mile (3.2 km) south of downtown Nashville Tennessee. It was the largest inland fort built in the United States during the war.
 St John the Baptist's Church Old Colwyn is in Station Road Old Colwyn in Conwy County Borough Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Colwyn the deanery of Rhos the archdeaconry of St Asaph and the diocese of St Asaph. St John's is the daughter church of St Catherine's Church Abergele Road Colwyn. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building.
 Pawtucket Congregational Church (now known as The Temple of Restoration Pentecostal Church) is an historic church building at 40 and 56 Walcott Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The Italianate/Romanesque style church building was constructed in 1867-1868. The church has been active in the community and leased a building to the first Rhode Island Children's Museum from the 1970s to 1990s.
 Richmond Hospital (RH) is a medical facility located in Richmond British Columbia. The Vancouver Coastal Health Authority (VCH) is responsible for Richmond Health Services and Richmond Hospital.
 Porte d'Aix (also known as the Porte Royale) is a triumphal arch in Marseille in the south of France marking the old entry point to the city on the road from Aix-en-Provence. The classical design by Michel-Robert Penchaud was inspired by the triumphal arches of the Roman Empire. The Porte d’Aix was initially conceived in 1784 to honour Louis XIV and to commemorate the Peace of Paris (1783) that ended the American war of independence.
 The Derby Hall is a large Victorian neo-classical building situated on Market Street in the centre of Bury Greater Manchester England.
 St Paul's Church Over Tabley is located in Tabley Superior Cheshire England. It stands beside the A556 road between the M6 and the M56. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Knutsford the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Hotel Brussels is a four-star hotel located in the Avenue Louise district of Brussels in Belgium owned and managed by Swedish Hotel Group Pandox AB. Housed in a landmark building the hotel originally opened its doors to the public as a Hilton Hotel in 1969. Pandox AB purchased the hotel in September 2010 took over the management in February 2011 and sbsequently a complete renovation of the 27 floors commenced which is estimated to be finished in September 2013.
 Williams-Brown House and Store is a historic home and general store located at Salem Virginia. It was built about 1837 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped brick building with Greek Revival and Federal style design influences. It features a double porch with chamfered edges ending in lambs' tongues. The house is occupied by the Salem Museum and Historical Society.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Snows (Catalan: Catedral de la Verge de les Neus Spanish: Catedral de Nuestra Señora de las Nieves) is the principal church and cathedral of the City of Ibiza (Eivissa).
 The Minories is a Grade II listed building and gardens situated at the east end of High Street in Colchester Essex England near Hollytrees Gate House and Colchester Castle. It currently houses The Minories Galleries which are run by Colchester School of Art part of Colchester Institute.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church of Painesville (Painesville United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 71 N. Park Place in Painesville Ohio.It was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Joseph and Esther Phillips Plantation also known as The Old Ritter Farm is a historic home and farm located in West Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The plantation was established in 1813. The house was built in 1813 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stuccoed limestone structure. It is built in the Georgian I-plan. It features a Gothic Revival style porch added in the 1850s.
 The Samuel and Geneva Holt Farmstead located at 10317 South 1300 West in South Jordan Utah United States was built during 1907-09 and received later additions. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.The farmstead including outbuildings built in 1907 and since was deemed significant in 2001 as one of only a handful of surviving historic farmsteads in South Jordan and notably had been worked by the farm's residents and remained in the same family.
 Congregation Beth Israel of Houston the oldest Jewish congregation in Texas was founded in Houston in 1854.
 The West Tampa Historic District is a U.S. historic district situated in the larger neighborhood of West Tampa in the city of Tampa Florida. It is bounded by Cypress and Ivy Streets Fremont and Habana Avenues encompasses approximately 273 acres (1.10 km2) and contains 908 historic buildings. On October 18 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Terminal 21 (Thai: เทอร์มินัล 21) is a mixed-use complex on Sukhumvit Road near the Asoke intersection in Bangkok Thailand. It opened in October 2011. The complex has two parts:The retail area – having a total of 9 stories. Main anchors are SF Cinema City and Gourmet Market a supermarket of The Mall Group.The hotel & residence by Centre Point – having a total of 42 stories 202 metres high building. It is operated by Centre Point Hospitality a Quality Houses PLC company.
 The Waybury Inn is an inn located in Middlebury Vermont United States in the Green Mountains region. The inn was built in 1810 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The inn maintains a tradition in which in room 9 there is an antique desk with a secret drawer.
 The Musée d'Archéologie nationale is a major French archeology museum covering pre-historic times to the Merovingian period. It was named Musée des Antiquités nationales until 2005. It is located in the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye in Saint-Germain-en-Laye in the département of Yvelines about 19 km west of Paris.
 Chapel in the Hills is a stave church located near Rapid City South Dakota.The Chapel in the Hills was dedicated on July 6 1969 as the home for the radio ministry of Lutheran Vespers. The church is a special ministry of the South Dakota Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 Ely Cathedral (in full The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Ely) is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely in Cambridgeshire England and is the seat of the Bishop of Ely and a suffragan bishop the Bishop of Huntingdon. It is known locally as the ship of the Fens because of its prominent shape that towers above the surrounding flat and watery landscape.[citation needed]
 Auburndale Congregational Church now known as United Parish of Auburndale located at 64 Hancock Street in the village of Auburndale in Newton Massachusetts was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 4 1986.
 Annapolis Mall officially known as Westfield Annapolis is a shopping mall owned by the Westfield Group that is located near the junction of U.S. Route 50 and Interstate 97 in Annapolis Maryland.
 China Grove Methodist Church is a historic church at Tylertown Mississippi.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Pejačević Castle (Croatian: Dvorac Pejačević) is a neoclassical building in Osijek Croatia.It is one of several castles owned by the members of Pejačević noble family in the region of Slavonia.
 Lakeshore Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Gainesville Georgia. It was built in 1970 and features four anchor stores. The mall is managed by Urban Retail Properties LLC.
 The Lehigh Canal was constructed by the Lehigh Coal & Navigation Company to carry anthracite from the upper Lehigh Valley to the urban markets of the northeast especially Philadelphia. With the discovery of large deposits of anthracite coal the Lehigh Coal Mine Company was formed to transport the coal down the Lehigh River to the Delaware River and on to the growing consumer markets in Philadelphia via a connection with the Pennsylvania Canal (Delaware Division) in Easton.
 The Basilica of Saint John the Evangelist is a Catholic parish church and minor basilica in Stamford Connecticut USA. It was founded in the 1850s and a new church was built in 1868 to meet the increasing needs of the congregation. It serves a multi-lingual congregation including descendants of the original congregation.
 Singleton House in Eatonton Georgia was built in 1854. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Scott County Courthouse in Davenport Iowa United States was built in 1955 and extensively renovated over a ten-year period between 1998-2009. It is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration. It is part of a larger county complex that includes the county jail administration building and juvenile detention facility.
 Southlake Regional Health Centre is a landmark hospital located in Newmarket Ontario Canada.Through various expansions in its history it has grown into a university-affiliated teaching and research facility specifically offering advanced cardiac cancer and thoracic care.
 The Zane Grey Estate is a National Register of Historic Places structure (site #02001187) in Altadena California. It was placed on the Register in 2002 for its association with author Zane Grey.The mansion was built by Chicago business machine manufacturer Arthur Herbert Woodward.
 Kings County Savings Bank is a New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission-designated building in the Williamsburg Brooklyn section of New York City. It is an example of French Second Empire-style architecture. Construction of the building began in 1860 to designs of William H. Wilcox of Brooklyn in partnership with prominent New York architect Gamaliel King working as King & Wilcox. The structure was continuously occupied by banks until the 1990s.
 The Dyckman Farmhouse is the oldest remaining farmhouse on Manhattan island a reminder of New York City's rural past. The Dutch Colonial-style farmhouse was built by Dutch farmer William Dyckman circa 1784 and was originally part of over 250 acres (100 ha) of farmland owned by the family.
 The Manitou Lodge is a recreational building located on G Trail on the grounds of the Hiawatha Sportman's Club near Naubinway Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1997 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011. It is about two miles from the Hiawatha Sportsman's Club 1931 Maintenance Building and Commissary also on the grounds of the Hiawatha Sportsman's Club and listed on the National Register at the same time.
 Henbury Village Hall was built as a school in the Henbury area of Bristol England.It was built in 1830 in a Tudor Revival style by Thomas Rickman on the site of a charity school which had stood on the site since 1601.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Green Spring Valley Historic District is a national historic district near Stevenson in Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a suburban area of Baltimore that acquires significance from the collection of 18th 19th and early 20th century buildings. The park-like setting retains a late 19th-early 20th century atmosphere.
 Saint John's Lutheran Church is an active church building located at 121 South Locust Street in the city of Adrian in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State on February 23 1981 and shortly after listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 27 1984.The congregation itself dates back to 1847 when Reverend William Hattestaedt organized Saint John's Lutheran Church.
 Benson Tower (formerly Dominion Tower and the CNG Tower) located at 1450 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 26-story 406 feet (124 m)-tall skyscraper. The building was purchased by New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson on September 15 2009 and renamed the Benson Tower.
 The Tokyo Towers (ザ・トーキョー・タワーズ Za Tōkyō Tawāzu) is a condominium complex located in the Kachidoki district of Chūō Tokyo Japan. The complex is situated at the confluence of the southwestern section of the Sumida River and Tokyo Bay.The complex consists of two towers: The southern Sea Tower (シータワー Shī Tawā) on the ocean-facing side and the downtown-facing north Mid Tower (ミッドタワー Middo Tawā).
 The Church of St Lawrence Alton is an Anglican parish church in Alton Hampshire England. It is a Grade I listed building and is notable both for the range of its architecture and for being the site of the concluding action of the Battle of Alton during the English Civil War.
 St. Emma Plantation is a 13000-acre (5300 ha) former sugar plantation and house near Donaldsonville Louisiana United States.Listed on National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Scene of Civil War skirmish in fall of 1862. C 1850 Greek Revival plantation house owned 1854-1869 by Charles A. Kock a prominent sugar planter.
 The Porter County Memorial Hall also known as Memorial Opera House is an historic Grand Army of the Republic memorial hall located in Valparaiso Indiana. It was the meeting place of Chaplain Brown GAR Post No. 106 one of 592 GAR posts in Indiana. Designed in 1892 by a local architect Charles F. Lembke. using Romanesque styling it was built in 1892-3 to seat 100 people.
 The Benjamin Franklin Gates House is an historic home and farm complex located on Lee Road (New York State Route 31A) in Barre New York United States. It is centered around a Greek Revival house built in the 1830s using the unusual stacked-plank structural system.
 The Sunnyside Mall is an upscale Canadian shopping mall in Bedford Nova Scotia. The mall is home to the largest indoor market in the Maritimes Pete's Frootique. Other retailers include Melanie Lyne Backyard & Veranda who have a flagship store in the mall Sony Style The Freak Lunchbox Uncommon Kids Gear The Village Green Moe's Menswear Indigo Books The Garage Clothing Co.
 St. Nicholas Church (Lithuanian: Šv. Mikalojaus bažnyčia) is the oldest surviving church in Lithuania built in the Old Town of the capital city Vilnius. Originally built in the 14th century it is mentioned in writing for the first time in 1387. Archaeologists believe that the same Roman Catholic church survived till the present day.
 Donegana's Hotel stood on the north-west corner of Notre-Dame Street and Bonsecours Market in Montreal Quebec. Originally built as a private residence in 1821 the house served as the vice-regal residence of the Governors General of Canada from 1837 until 1843. It briefly housed the High School of Montreal before it was purchased by Jean-Marie Donegana who enlarged it to become the largest hotel in the British Colonies.
 One Front Street also known as Shaklee Terraces is an office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The 164 m (538 ft) 38-floor tower was completed in 1979. The composition of the façade closely resembles that of the Shell Building by Emil Fahrenkamp which was built in Berlin in 1931. The Shaklee Corporation was once headquartered in the tower until the company moved to Pleasanton California in 2000.
 Pine View Farm is a historic home located at Hillsdale in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1845 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame dwelling with a moderately pitched gable roof. The interior features elements of Greek Revival–style details. Also on the property is a former carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Newman-Fiske-Dodge House is a historic First Period house at 162 Cherry Street in Wenham Massachusetts. The house contains a rare instance of preserved 17th century decoration. Like many First Period houses it was built in stages. The first part the now-central chimney and right-side two stories was built c. 1658 with the left-side rooms being added c. 1695-6.
 The Beriah Magoffin Monument in Spring Hill Cemetery of Harrodsburg Kentucky commemorates Beriah Magoffin who was governor of Kentucky when the Civil War started. Although sympathetic to secession he sought to retain neutrality for Kentucky for the conflict until pro-Union forces compelled him to resign from the governorship.
 The Odd Fellows' Hall in Beverly Massachusetts occupies a prominent location on Cabot Street opposite city hall in Beverly Center. It is a 3.5 story High Gothic Revival building constructed in 1893 to a design by local architect J. Foster Ober. Its exterior is clad in brick with trim of granite and brownstone. Its roof is a cross gable style steep roof with polychrome bands of slate tiles.
 The Mutual Ice Company Building in Westport Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Kızıl Kule (Red Tower) is a historical tower in the Turkish city of Alanya. The building is considered to be the symbol of the city and is even used on the city's flag.
 Unitarian Memorial Church is a historic church on 102 Green Street in Fairhaven Massachusetts.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The Unitarian Memorial Church in Fairhaven Massachusetts was built financed and donated to the Unitarians in 1904 by Henry H. Rogers in memory of his mother Mary Eldredge Huttleston.
 The Zion Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Master architect Pietro Belluschi employed a number of innovations in this 1950 church a pioneering example of the application of modern architectural principles to a religious building.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art of Georgia (MOCA GA) is a contemporary art museum located in Atlanta. The museum collects and archives hundreds of contemporary works by Georgia artists. MOCA GA fulfills its mission through an exhibition schedule increasing its permanent collection and the Education/Resource Center which houses the museum’s historical archive collection.
 All Hallows Twickenham is a grade I listed church and parish of the Church of England in Twickenham London. It is located prominently on Chertsey Road (A316) a major road artery of West London near Twickenham Stadium.
 The US Post Office—South Hadley Main is a historic post office at 1 Hadley Street in South Hadley Massachusetts. The single story Classical Revival building was constructed in 1940 and occupies a prominent position facing South Hadley's common. Its facade is relatively plain fronted by a series of limestone columns and topped by a limestone entablature which extends around the top of the building.
 Council Grove Historic District is a National Historic Landmark (NHL) located in Morris County Kansas. The site was named for the occasion of an 1825 treaty negotiation between the Osage Indians and the US Federal government which guaranteed the Santa Fe caravans safe passage through Osage territory.
 Congregation Or Chadash (Hebrew: אוֹר חָדָשׁ Hebrew for New Light) is a Reform LGBT-oriented congregation in the Edgewater neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. It was founded in 1975 as a gay support group for Jews and was holding religious services by 1976.
 The Joseph D. Oliver House also known as Copshaholm sits on 808 W. Washington Street at the corner of Chapin Street in South Bend Indiana. The mansion was built for the Oliver family founders of the Oliver Chilled Plow Works and named after the Scottish village of the patriarch. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Built in 1895-96 Copshaholm is a 38-room Romanesque Queen Anne house designed by New York architect Charles Alonzo Rich.
 Essex County Home and Farm also known as Whallonsburg County Home and Infirmary is a historic almshouse and infirmary located at Whallonsburg in Essex County New York. The property include seven contributing buildings and one contributing site. The core of the complex is a homogeneous cluster of four brick buildings on fieldstone foundations. The largest is the Home Building a 2-story dormitory originally constructed in 1860.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish was a parish of the Roman Catholic Church designated for Polish immigrants in Greenfield Massachusetts. Founded 1914 it was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The diocese closed the parish in 2009.
 The Lenox Hotel in Lenox Iowa also known as (or having association with) White Way Cafe was designed by Vern Dunlap and was built in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Thomas J. Kehrer House is a house located near Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built in 1917 by master stonemason H.T. Pugh.
 The Henry Adams Building (also known as the Land and Loan Office Building) located in Algona Iowa was designed by Louis Sullivan in 1912.Although it was not designed as a bank and has never served as such the building is nonetheless considered to be one of Sullivan's Jewel Boxes a series of banks designed and built in the Midwest between 1909 and 1919.
 Coq d'Or (French for Golden Chicken) is a former restaurant located in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1957-1989.After a change of course the restaurant lost its star in 1989. In 1995 the name of the restaurant was changed to Restaurant Kip (Dutch for Chicken).
 Somerset House is a large Neoclassical building situated on the south side of the Strand in central London England overlooking the River Thames just east of Waterloo Bridge. The building originally the site of a Tudor palace was designed by Sir William Chambers in 1776 and further extended with Victorian wings to the north and south. The East Wing forms part of the adjacent King's College London.
 St. Luke AME Zion Church is a historic AME church at 3937 12th Ave. North in Birmingham Alabama. It was significant in civil rights in 1962. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Lima Memorial Hall is a historic performing arts center and city hall on the edge of downtown Lima Ohio United States. Designed by the architectural company of Dawson & McLaughlin and named for local military veterans the Beaux-Arts building was built in 1908.
 The Soul Harvest Ministries is located at 16300 Woodward Avenue in Highland Park Michigan. It was built in 1916 as the First United Methodist Church and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Kern's Fort also known as Michael Kern's Cabin is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It is a one-story log house built in 1772. It is built of chestnut logs and covered with wood clapboards. Attached to the rear is a 19th-century frame addition. It was built by Michael Kern perhaps the first permanent settler of what is now Morgantown.
 The Château Champlain (now officially known as the Marriott Château Champlain) is a hotel in Montreal Quebec Canada overlooking Place du Canada at 1050 De la Gauchetière Street West. Once owned by CP Hotels (now Fairmont Hotels and Resorts) and sold in the 1990s it is now part of the Marriott hotel chain.
 The Kan-O-Tex Service Station in Galena Kansas is a roadside diner and souvenir shop in the former Little's Service Station building a Kan-O-Tex filling station which originally served U.S. Route 66 motorists in 1934.
 The Redden Forest Complex is located in Redden State Forest Sussex County Delaware. Now known as the Redden Forest Education Center the complex includes three Shingle style buildings built in 1900-1902 as a hunting retreat for Pennsylvania Railroad heir Frank Graham Thompson. The complex was served by a specially built railroad siding in Redden Crossroads. The camp fell into disuse during the Great Depression and was acquired by the state of Delaware in the 1930s.
 Pisgah Home Historic District is a historic district in the Highland Park section of Los Angeles California. It was the site of the Pisgah Home movement begun by faith healer and social reformer Finis E. Yoakum in the early 1900s. The site is closely aligned with the founding of the modern Pentecostal church. It has been a mission used for religious and charitable purposes for more than 100 years. The area today is operated as the Christ Faith Mission/Old Pisgah Home.
 The AAM Tower (also: Arenco Tower) is a 46-floor tower in Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 244 m (800 ft). AAM Tower topped out in early 2008 and was completed later that year.
 One Summit Square also known as the Summit Bank Building after one of its original tenants is the tallest office building in Fort Wayne Indiana United States as well as the tallest reinforced concrete building in the state of Indiana.One Summit Square is a Modern 27-story steel frame building which stands at 134.7 m (442 ft).
 Shover's Green Baptist Chapel is a former Strict Baptist place of worship in the hamlet of Shover's Green in East Sussex England. Shover's Green is in Wealden one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex and stands on the road between the market town of Wadhurst and the village of Ticehurst in the neighbouring district of Rother.
 St. Vincent De Paul Catholic Church is a historic church at 131 South Main Street in Cape Girardeau Missouri.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Arab Medical Center (AMC) is one of the leading referral hospitals both for patients in the Middle East and internationally located in Amman Jordan. Initially established as a center for cardiac excellence and specialty surgery the AMC now caters for the majority of medical and surgical services both for adults and pediatric patients.
 The St. Sergius Chapel in Chuathbaluk Alaska in the Bethel Census Area is a historic Russian Orthodox church. On the Kuskokwim River it has been known as the Little Russian Mission to contrast it from the Russian Mission on the Yukon River (roughly parallel to the Kuskokwim to the north). Traditionally the church is believed to have been built in 1891 by Father Ivan Orlov.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Helena Historic District (HHD) is a federally designated historic district in Helena Montana United States. Since its establishment in 1972 the HHD has had boundary adjustments in 1990 and 1993. The original 1972 designation was composed of two unconnected sections known as Downtown and West Residential.
 Christ Church (Hebrew: כנסיית המשיח‎) is a Protestant-Anglican church located in the town of Nazareth Israel. Due to financial troubles the church was never finished: The church has no spire. Nearby lies the famous Basilica of the Annunciation.
 St. Anne Catholic Church is a historic church at 417 St. Joseph Street in Napoleonville Louisiana.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 York Franciscan Friary was a friary in York North Yorkshire England. It was located between York Castle and the River Ouse. In 1538 it fell victim to Henry VIII's Dissolution of the Monasteries. All that now remains of it is a stone wall on King's Staith adjacent to the Davy Tower on the York city walls.
 The Formosa Fun Coast (Chinese: 八仙海岸; pinyin: Bāxiān Hǎi'àn) is a theme park in Bali District New Taipei Taiwan.
 The Château de Grâne is a ruined castle in the commune of Grâne in the Drôme département of France.The castle stands above the village of Grâne and is largely in ruins. Remains include sections of the curtain wall and a tower. The mounting for an old mullioned window and a spiral staircase are visible as well as vaulted cellars from the 13th century.
 The U.S. Post Office in Le Roy New York serves the 14482 ZIP Code covering the village and town of Le Roy. It is a brick and stone building on Main Street (New York State Route 5) erected in the late 1930s.Its Colonial Revival design featuring a hipped roof and limestone facing is unique among post offices in the state as the only small one with a clock tower or limestone facing. This is a result of half of the construction being financed privately by a local benefactor.
 The Memphis Railroad & Trolley Museum is located at 545 South Main Street on the ground floor of the Central Station in Memphis Tennessee USA. The museum is dedicated to document the local history of Railroad and the Memphis Trolleys. The museum provides static exhibits as well as video documentation and railroad model diaoramas.
 Clock Tower of Murshidabad (locally known just as Clock Tower or Ghari Ghar also known as Big Ben of Murshidabad) is a clock tower in the Nizamat Fort Campus just opposite the south face of the Hazarduari Palace. The clock tower lies on the garden spaces between the Nizamat Imambara and the Hazarduari Palace to its east hardly a few feet away is the old Madina Mosque and the Bacchawali Tope.The clock tower is surmounted by a heavy sounding bell.
 The Tyler Mowry House is an historic house at 112 Sayles Hill Road in North Smithfield Rhode Island.The Federal style house was constructed in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 İnce Minareli Medrese (literally Slender Minaret Medrese) is a 13th century medrese (Islamic school) located in Konya Turkey now housing the Museum of Stone and Wood Art (Taş ve Ahşap Eserler Müzesi).
 200 Public Square (also known as the Sohio Building Standard Oil building the BP America Building BP America Tower BP Tower or the BP Building) is the third-tallest skyscraper in Cleveland Ohio. The building located on Public Square in Downtown Cleveland reaches 45 stories and 658 ft (201 m) and holds 1.2 million square feet (111000 m²) of office space.
 The Patterson House in Larned Kansas is a house built in 1949. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It may be a Lustron house or it has Lustron features.
 Endicott Square Deal Arch is an historic welcome arch located at Endicott in Broome County New York. It is one of two identical arches erected in 1920 in Endicott and in nearby Johnson City known as the Johnson City Square Deal Arch. . It was constructed by Endicott-Johnson Shoe Company employees to honor George F. Johnson (1857–1948) their highly respected employer and benefactor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Cristal Grand Ishtar Hotel is a hotel in Baghdad Iraq located on Firdos Square. It is the tallest building in Baghdad and the tallest structure in Iraq after the Baghdad Tower.Opened in 1982 as the Ishtar Sheraton Hotel & Casino (Arabicفندق شيراتون عشتار) it was one of the most popular Western-run hotels in Baghdad until the Gulf War began in 1991 when Sheraton Hotels severed their management contract with the Iraqi Government which built the property.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Woodland is in the hamlet of Woodland about 4 kilometres (2 mi) to the northeast of Broughton-in-Furness Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 Salthrop House is a Grade II listed building on the Listed Buildings Register near the village of Wroughton Wiltshire in England. The building was constructed on the site of a previous house built in the 17th century. The current house was built to the style of James Wyatt in 1795 with an entrance front to the west comprising three bays with a central bow whilst the north and east fronts are of four and five bays constructed in a Georgian style.
 East Genoa Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Genoa in Cayuga County New York. It is a hand hewn timber frame structure sheathed in pine clapboard and built in 1849 in the Greek Revival style. High Victorian Gothic modifications were made in the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Great Synagogue of Hrodna (Belarusian: Харальная сінагога Горадня Russian: Большая Хоральная синагога Гродно) located in Hrodna Belarus dates from the 16th century and is a 2007 pretender to UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 The Film Exchange Building (FEB) is located in Detroit Michigan and was built in 1926 for the distribution and booking of movies for the Detroit area. This seven-story building was built near the city’s theater district and is located on the northeast corner of the intersection of Cass Avenue and W. Montcalm Street at the edge of the Cass Corridor. It is three blocks west of Comerica Park and less than a block away from the Fisher Freeway (I-75).
 William Donaldson House is a historic home located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1888 and is a 3 1/2-story Queen Anne style dwelling. A rear addition was constructed about 1910. It has a stone foundation brick first story and wood shingle second and third stories. It features irregular massing a variety of surface textures multiple intersecting roofs bay windows porch and balconies and a turret with spindle.
 Thomas Memorial AME Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1909 and is a small front gabled vernacular building with minimal Gothic details. It is constructed of cast concrete blocks and features a plain square tower with no spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 St. Mary's Church Wollaton Park is a parish church in the Church of England. It is located in Nottingham.
 The Tavares restaurant in Lisbon Portugal continuously open since 1784 in the same location (though not the same building) claims to be the second oldest in the Iberian Peninsula.
 Valjok Church (Norwegian: Valjok kirke) is a parish church in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Váljohka. The church is part of the Karasjok parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The small red wooden church was built in 1932 to serve the inhabitants in the northeastern part of the municipality along the Tana River. The church seats about 60 people.
 Nibbinda Forest Monastery (中文: Nibbinda丛林道场) is a Theravada forest monastery situated at Mukim 5 Balik Pulau Penang Malaysia. The monastery is located on top of a hill in Balik Pulau. Surrounded by mountains and facing the sea the beautiful yet serene place is an ideal spot for the monks to cultivate disgust with worldly life. A small town with simple folks living at the foot of the hill makes the monastery more suitable to establish as the pure land in this world.
 The Thomas D. Page House also known as the Belcher Lodge or the Chicopee Falls Masonic Temple is a historic house at 105 East Street in Chicopee Massachusetts USA. The house was built sometime before 1875 and exhibits significant Queen Anne styling. In 1875 the house was owned by Amos Page proprietor of the Page Knitting Needle Manufacturing Company. His son Thomas C. Page sold the property to the local Masonic lodge in 1909.
 Edward Brinton House is a historic home located in Birmingham Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1839 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay double pile Georgian-style fieldstone dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 1 1/2-story stone summer kitchen addition.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Tjongsfjorden Church (Norwegian: Tjongsfjorden kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Tjong. The church is part of the Rødøy indre parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wooden church was built in 1962 and it seats about 280 people.
 St Benedict's Church Haltham-on-Bain is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Haltham-on-Bain Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands between the River Bain and the A153 road connecting Horncastle with Coningsby.
 The Military Music Museum was established in a building that belonged to a local garrison and was built in 1914. The red-brick building was used as storage for bicycles in 1993 and it was repaired for use as a museum with the help of the European union structural funds in 2003 according to architect Jouko Mattila.The collections are related to the history of Finnish military music. There are also audio samples and photographs presented.
 Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur (or Fenoglio-Lafleur house) is an historical building in the Art Nouveau (Stile Liberty) style in Turin Italy.It is situated in the San Donato borough a central area with the most significant architecture of Stile Liberty and New Gothic in Turin. The building was designed in 1902 by building engineer Pietro Fenoglio who made it his private residence. Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur.
 The Hampton-Preston House located at 1615 Blanding Street in Columbia South Carolina is a historic mansion that was the home of members of the prominent Hampton family. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on July 29 1969.Ainsley Hall a wealthy Columbia merchant had the house constructed in 1818. It was purchased a few years later by former War of 1812 general Wade Hampton I a wealthy cotton planter.
 The Georgia House was designed by the architects Findley & Shields. It was constructed of brick limestone sandstone and stucco. The architectural style is Queen Anne. It is also known as The Georgia Boarding House. The Georgia House is one of the few traditional houses in the city. It lands on 9 acres with three buildings on sight. The Georgia Row house is a 3 story building in Douglas county erected in 1890 for J.
 Palo Alto Plantation is located in Donaldsonville Louisiana. It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 13 1977.
 Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle Pennsylvania was the flagship Indian boarding school in the United States from 1879 through 1918. Founded in 1879 by Captain Richard Henry Pratt under authority of the US federal government Carlisle was the first federally funded off-reservation Indian boarding school.
 Truxton Depot also known as Lehigh Valley Depot is a historic railway depot located at Truxton in Cortland County New York. It was built about 1872 by the Lehigh Valley Railroad. It is a small rectangular one story structure 50 feet long and 30 feet wide. The building ceased use as a train station in 1967 and was then used by Agway as a warehouse. In 1991 it was sold to the town of Truxton for $1.00.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Montrose is an historic building at 1648 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.According to a promotional booklet published in 1899 it was constructed 25 feet from its adjoining apartment block The Dunvegan with which it connects via an underground passage.
 Crown Candy Kitchen is a restaurant located on St. Louis Avenue in the Old North St. Louis neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. The restaurant was founded in 1913 by two Macedonian immigrants and is still run by the three grandsons of Harry Karandzieff Andy Tommy and Mike. This Saint Louis landmark is the oldest operating soda fountain in the metro area and one of the oldest in the country. The restaurant has an old-fashioned decor with a Coca-Cola memorabilia from the 1930s.
 The Maria Bassett House is a historic house at 8 College Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1850 and was one of the first to be built in the northwestern part of the town. It is also one of the town's finest examples of Italianate styling with paired brackets and dentil moulding in the eaves and corner boards scored to resemble quoins.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Jefferson Lewis House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1800 and is a two-story three bay center hall plan stuccoed brick dwelling with a gable roof. Attached is a rear frame wing. The front facade features a porch added in the late-19th century.
 St. Bartholomew's Protestant Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church and rectory located at 1227 Pacific St. east of Bedford Avenue in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1886 in the Romanesque Revival style. It is constructed of brick with stone trim and topped by a slate roof. It features a squat battered stone tower crowned by an ogival tiled roof.
 Carrow Abbey is a former Benedictine priory in Bracondale northeast Norwich England. The village on the site was previously called Carrow (there are many alternate spellings) and gives its name to Carrow Road the football ground of Norwich F.C. located just metres to the north. Granted by charter of King Stephen it was founded ca. 1146 and became a Grade I listed building in 1954.
 The Sapporo Beer Museum (サッポロビール博物館 Sapporo Bīru Hakubutsukan) is a museum located in the Sapporo Garden Park in Higashi-ku Sapporo Hokkaidō Japan. Registered as one of the Hokkaidō Heritage sites in 2004 the museum is the only beer museum in Japan. The red-brick building was erected originally as a factory of the Sapporo Sugar Company in 1890 and later opened as a museum in July 1987. The building also houses the Sapporo Beer Garden in the south wing.
 The Paine House Museum is an historic house on Station Street in the village of Washington in the town Coventry Rhode Island. The house has been furnished to reflect the Colonial era and is operated as a historic house museum by the Western Rhode Island Civic Historical Society. Visitation is from May through September on Saturdays.The house was built in 1748. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Vancouver Art Gallery (VAG) is the fifth-largest art gallery in Canada and the largest in Western Canada. It is located at 750 Hornby Street in Vancouver British Columbia. Its permanent collection of about 10000 artworks includes more than 200 major works by Emily Carr the Group of Seven Jeff Wall and Marc Chagall.
 The Sheffield Children's Hospital is part of and the headquarters of the Sheffield Children's NHS Foundation Trust in Broomhill Sheffield South Yorkshire England. It is a purpose-built children's hospital and provides the A&E and trauma service for all minors in Sheffield and some others further afield.The hospital is undergoing a major new-build (2013-) which will see its services and capacity expand significantly.
 Patterson Farmhouse is a historic home located at Delmar in Albany County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a two story side gabled frame dwelling two rooms deep with a kitchen wing. The front entry is Greek Revival in style; surrounded by narrow sidelights and a rectangular line of transom lights above.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Cape Charles Museum and Welcome Center is located at 814 Randolph Avenue Cape Charles Virginia United States. The museum contains exhibits detailing the history and development of Cape Charles and the surrounding region. A large Busch-Sulzer engine and Westinghouse generator serve as the centerpieces of the museum.
 The Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal (MACM) is a contemporary art museum in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located on the Place des festivals in the Quartier des spectacles and is part of the Place des Arts complex.Founded in 1964 it is Canada's first museum devoted to contemporary art. Initially housed in the Place Ville-Marie the museum moved into the premises of the Château Dufresne in 1965 followed by an exhibition gallery from Expo 67 in 1968.
 Children's Castle (Lastenlinna) is a children's hospital in Helsinki Finland. It is part of Helsinki University Central Hospital.The hospital was established in 1917 in the Kallio district of Helsinki. The building was designed by the Finnish architect Elsi Borg. Its current building in Taka-Töölö was completed in 1948.Pediatrician Arvo Ylppö was the hospital chief of Children's Castle from 1920 to 1963.
 The Château d'Oberhof is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Saverne in the département of Bas-Rhin. It is dated to the 12th century.
 Sarajevo Synagogue (Bosnian: Sinagoga u Sarajevu) is Sarajevo's primary and largest synagogue and is located on the south bank of the river Miljacka. It was constructed in 1902 and remains the only functioning synagogue in Sarajevo today.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Catholic cathedral in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Oklahoma City.
 Rock Springs Elks' Lodge No. 624 also known as Elks' Lodge and denoted 848SW7692 is a historic building located in Rock Springs Wyoming. It was built in 1924 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Arizona Mills is an indoor outlet mall in Tempe Arizona. It is co-owned by Simon Property Group and Taubman Centers and managed by Simon. It opened on November 20 1997 with 6000 parking spaces and approximately 200 retailers. It is currently anchored by outlet versions of Saks Fifth Avenue Sears Appliance Neiman Marcus and Burlington Coat Factory.
 Minnesota Correctional Facility – Oak Park Heights (MCF-OPH) is Minnesota’s only Level Five maximum security prison. The facility is located near the cities of Bayport and Stillwater. The facility is designed and employed with trained security officers to handle not only Minnesota’s high risk inmates but other states' as well. They also have the largest contract to house federal inmates with serious violent histories.
 The Al Hamra Tower is a topped out skyscraper in Kuwait City Kuwait. Designed by architectural firm Skidmore Owings and Merrill the tower is the tallest building in Kuwait on completion in 2011 at 412.6 m (1354 ft). It is the tallest sculpted tower in the world. Turner Construction was in charge of the tower's construction.
 Westfield Brandon formerly known as Brandon Town Center and Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon is a shopping mall located eight miles (13 km) east of Tampa Florida in the suburban community of Brandon. The mall is owned by Australian-based Westfield Group and is one of five Westfield shopping centers in the state of Florida. Westfield Brandon is directly off Interstate 75 sitting on land between State Road 60 and the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway.
 The Ritz-Carlton Denver formerly known as the Embassy Suites Downtown is a skyscraper in Denver Colorado. The building a part of the Denver Place complex was completed in 1983 and rises 38 floors and 390 feet (119 m) in height. The building stands as the eighteenth-tallest building in Denver and Colorado.
 The Shaw House also known as the Shaw House Inn is a historic Carpenter Gothic Victorian style house located at 703 Main Street in Ferndale Humboldt County California. It served historically as a courthouse a post office and a single-family dwelling.
 Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad (1896 Olympics in Athens Greece). With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.The Sailing program of 2004 consisted of a total of eleven disciplines divided over nine sailing classes. For each discipline multiple races were scheduled in the time period of 14 - 28 August 2004 of the coast of Athens.
 The Evanston Towers are a historic apartment building located at 554–602 Sheridan Square in Evanston Illinois. It was built in 1924 and designed by Anthony H. Quitsow. The E-shaped building was designed in the Tudor Revival style and has two courtyards a crennelated tower on the north side entrances with Tudor arches and limestone decorations.
 Woodburn Circle also known as W.V.U. Quadrangle is a historic quadrangle associated with the West Virginia University and located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It consists of three buildings built in 1870 1876 and 1893. It is a distinct group of structures on the downtown campus of West Virginia University. Martin Hall: The oldest building is Martin Hall. It is a 2 1/2-story (plus basement) brick building in the Second Empire Eclectic style.
 The Edward T. Gignoux U.S. Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Portland in Cumberland County Maine. It is the courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Maine.
 The Contoocook Railroad Depot is located in Hopkinton New Hampshire United States in the village of Contoocook. The depot was completed in 1849 as one of the first substantial railroad passenger stations west of Concord on the Concord and Claremont Railroad. The building is one of the best preserved of a small number of gable-roofed railroad stations surviving from the first decade of rail development in New Hampshire.
 Merevale Hall is a private country house in Merevale near Atherstone Warwickshire. It is a Grade II* listed building.The Manor of Merevale was granted in 1540 to Sir Walter Devereux. The Devereux estates were sequestered in 1601 following the attainder and execution of Robert Devereux 2nd Earl of Essex for treason.The estate was purchased by Edward Stratford in 1649.
 The Thomas Graham Building 6301 Southeast Stark Street Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story commercial building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1910 it was added to the register in 1992.The wood-frame structure supported by a concrete foundation and including a full basement houses a business on the first floor and a domestic apartment on the second floor.
 Now Larimar Resort is a resort located on Bavaro Beach Punta Cana Dominican Republic. It was opened in late 2007. The resort sits on Bavaro Beach which shares many other resort hotels. The resort formally known as the EdenH Real Arena Resort is operated by Now Resorts.
 The Château de la Muyre (or la Muire) is a fortified site a few kilometres from Domblans in the Jura département of France.
 Terhune-Ranlett House also known as the Joe Jefferson House is located in Ho-Ho-Kus Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Henbury Hall is a country house located about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the southwest of the village of Henbury Cheshire England. The present house was built in the 1980s in Neo-Palladian style its design being based on Palladio's Villa Rotonda.
 St Matthias Church is an Anglican church in Richmond London. Built in the Victorian Gothic style in 1857 and described as the grandest church in Richmond it has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. The architect was George Gilbert Scott.
 The Westin San Francisco Market Street is a 34 story highrise hotel at 50 Third Street in San Francisco California. It opened in 1984 as the Hotel Meridien San Francisco. It was the first private project of the City of San Francisco Redevelopment Agency's development in the Yerba Buena district. It was later known as the ANA Hotel San Francisco and then The Argent Hotel.Scenes in David Fincher's 1997 film The Game were shot in the hotel.
 The Linton Block was a historic site at 3 Monument Square in Woonsocket Rhode Island.It was a 4-storey office and domestic accommodation block built by Robert Linton in 1888 to house his drug store. Built in a Queen Anne/Romanesque style the brick facade was ornamented with brickwork patterning and terra cotta panels and the side elevations embellished with cut shingles.It was badly damaged by fire in 1890. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 The Museum of Vision Science is a museum with physical and virtual displays of vision-related devices and instruments located at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo Ontario Canada. It is housed at the university's School of Optometry. It has free admission and is open during weekdays.In June 2009 it was relocated to its present site after the completion of a new wing to the optometry building.
 Hip Hotel St. Martenslane is a design hotel located in the Wyck district in Maastricht Netherlands. The hotel opened in August 2004. St. Martenslane is part of the La Bergère Group. St. Martenslane is a trendy design hotel and was at the time of opening also the first non-smoking hotel in the Netherlands and Belgium.
 The Chimes known in branding as Intu Uxbridge is a shopping centre in Uxbridge within the London Borough of Hillingdon owned and managed by Intu Properties. Opened in February 2001 the centre includes 71 stores cafes and restaurants including Boots BHS Debenhams Gap H&M and Next as anchor stores. A multi-screen Odeon cinema with the only IMAX screen in West London is also a major part of the centre.
 Maritime The Maine Maritime Museum offers exhibits about Maine's maritime heritage culture and the role Maine has played in regional and global maritime activities.
 Bridgewater Place nicknamed The Dalek is an office and residential skyscraper development in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It is the tallest building in Yorkshire and has held this record since being topped out in September 2005. It is visible at up to 25 miles (40 km) from certain areas.
 Åsskard Church (Norwegian: Åsskard kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Åsskard. The church is part of the Åsskard parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
 St Botolph's Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Boston Lincolnshire. It is notable for its extraordinarily tall tower known as the Boston Stump.
 University Club is a historic club building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1930 and is a four story rectangular brick structure with a seven bay Georgian Revival style facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Grassdale Farm is a historic home located at Spencer Henry County Virginia. It was built about 1860 and is a two-story center-passage-plan frame dwelling with Greek Revival and Greek Revival style influences. Two-story ells have been added to the rear of the main section creating an overall U form.
 Roslindale Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church at 52 Cummins Highway in the Roslindale neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.The church was built in 1884 by Thomas Silloway in a Stick-Eastlake style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Goetsch-Winckler House (also known as Goetsch-Winkler House) was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright built in 1940 and is located at 2410 Hulett Rd Okemos Michigan. The house is an example of Wright's later Usonian architectural style and is considered to be one of the most elegant.
 Åkerö Manor is a manor in Södermanland Sweden. Although an estate with a history going back to the Middle Ages the presently visible manor house complex was commissioned in 1748 by Carl Gustaf Tessin and designed by Carl Hårleman. It is a fine example of Rococo manor house architecture in Sweden.
 Westover Plantation is located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County Virginia. It is located south of State Route 5 a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg. It is a US National Historic Landmark.
 Great Massingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 Redland Parish Church (grid reference ST579749) is a Georgian church in the Redland suburb of Bristol England.It which was built probably by John Strahan or William Halfpenny with plasterwork by Thomas Paty in 1742 as a private chapel for the local manor house Redland Court which is now Redland High School though it was not consecrated until 1790.
 Sofitel New York is a boutique hotel on West 44th Street in Midtown Manhattan in New York City owned and managed by the Sofitel corporation. It lies about 200 metres (660 ft) north of Bryant Park and New York Public Library and next to the New York Yacht Club. The hotel is inspired by French traditions in furnishings and theme and the hotel staff are bilingual in French and English.
 Château de Richemont is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It was built between 1564 and 1610.
 Wellington Harbour Board Head Office and Bond Store is a historic building on Jervois Quay in Wellington New Zealand.
 Hotel Manning is a historic hotel located in Keosauqua Van Buren County Iowa. Located on the banks of the Des Moines River the hotel's Steamboat Gothic architecture mimics riverboats of the mid-1800s. Hotel Manning was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in April 1973. It currently operates as a bed & breakfast.
 The First National Bank is a historic bank building in Mobile Alabama. It was built in 1905 to the designs of local architectural firm Watkins Hutchisson and Garvin. The two-story masonry structure is in the Classical Revival style and features a brick and terracotta facade. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 17 1978.
 The Bailey Colony Farm on the Glenn Highway near Palmer Alaska in Matanuska-Susitna Borough is a historic Matanuska Colony farmstead that dates from 1935. It was part of a New Deal program opening farms in Alaska as part of assisting overpopulated rural areas of the lower 48 states of the USA in a program conceived of by FERA architect David Williams.Also known as the Estelle Farm and denoted as AHRS Site No.
 Heart of God Church or HoGC is a non-denominational independent church in Singapore. It was founded by Pastor Tan Seow How and his wife Pastor Cecilia Chan in 1999.
 Felix Dale Stone House also known as the L.R. Parks House is a historic home located at College Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1823 and is a two story five-bay Georgian styled stone farmhouse with a gable roof. It features two front entrances with a hipped roof porch. The interior has a center hall plan and features finely crafed woodwork.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hector was a ship famous for having been part of the first significant migration of Scottish settlers to Nova Scotia in 1773. The replica of the original ship is located at the Hector Heritage Quay a heritage center run by local volunteers in Pictou.
 Hinton Healthcare Centre is a medical facility located in Hinton Alberta. Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital. It contains 23 beds with one palliative care bed.
 The Elks Lodge Building in Oklahoma City Oklahoma also known as the ONG Building was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The CCC Ranch Headquarters is a historic ranch headquarters in Texhoma Oklahoma. The headquarters site consists of a ranch house and bunkhouse located along the Beaver River. Built circa 1880 the ranch headquarters served the CCC Ranch the largest ranch in the Oklahoma Panhandle from 1890 to 1901. The ranch owned by a group from Tombstone Arizona covered 90 square miles (230 km2) from Texhoma to Boise City at its peak.
 Hancock-Wirt-Caskie House also known as The William Wirt House is a historic home located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1808-1809 and is a two-story seven bay Federal era brick dwelling with a hipped roof. The three bays on either side of the entrance are formed into octagonal ended or three-sectioned bow front projections with a wooden two-level porch arcade screening the central space.
 The Museum of Flight is a private non-profit air and space museum at King County International Airport (Boeing Field) south of downtown Seattle Washington. It was established in 1965 and is fully accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. As the largest private air and space museum in the world it also hosts the largest K-12 educational programs in the world.[citation needed]The museum attracts over 400000 visitors every year.
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter-in-Chains is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Peterborough Ontario Canada. The Cathedral is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough. The parish was established in 1826 to serve the large Irish population in the area. When the Diocese was established in 1882 the parish became a cathedral. The current building was built in 1837-8 in the Gothic Revival style then popular in Upper Canada; it is one of the oldest remaining Catholic Churches in Ontario.
 Duke University Medical Center (commonly referred to as Duke University Hospital) is a 924-bed academic tertiary care facility located in Durham North Carolina. Since its establishment in 1930 the hospital has grown from a small regional hospital to an academic medical center.
 Main Hall is an academic building on the campus of Lawrence University in Appleton Wisconsin. Constructed in 1853 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.Main Hall was the second building on the Lawrence campus after the long-demolished Lawrence Institute building erected in 1848. Funding for the building came from the sale of $100 perpetual scholarships to Lawrence College.
 The Fox Hill School is a historic school building at 81 Water Street in Danvers Massachusetts. It now serves as a day care center. It was built for the town in 1879 by George W. Russell and is one of two surviving one-room schoolhouses in the town. It was used by the school system until the 1970s.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Rangers' Club is a building in Yosemite Valley in Yosemite National Park that was donated by the independently wealthy first director of the National Park Service Stephen Tyng Mather. He intended it to be used by the newly hired park rangers who were taking over from the departing army troops. He specifically intended it to blend into the natural environment.
 Prevost Manor House also known as Hush-Hush Farm is a historic home located at Greenville in Greene County New York. It was built in 1793–1794 and has a 2 1⁄2-story central block with a 1 1⁄2-story east wing and single-story rear wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Hune Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located northeast of the community of Dart it spans the Little Muskingum River in northeastern Lawrence Township in the eastern part of Washington County. Local bridge builder Rollin Meredith erected it in 1879 using the Long Truss style of truss bridge design; the single-span bridge was named for the locally prominent Hune family.
 The Edward Parsons House is a historic house at 56 Cedar Street in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1877 this 1-1/2 story wood frame house is an unusual local small-scale example of Stick style. Its gables are decorated with applied wood. The porch is further decorated with chamfered posts brackets and rosettes.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Masonic Temple is a historic structure in Springfield Ohio United States. Located along High Street in downtown Springfield the temple was designed by Howard Dwight Smith and the firm of Miller & Reeves. Local Freemasons have met at the temple since construction was finished in 1927.The temple was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Kreuzer-Pelton House is a Dutch-influenced fieldstone house erected in 1722 as a one room cottage which has been added to in two successive stages just before the American Revolution in 1770 and in 1836.
 The Republican River Pegram Truss is a bridge located near Concordia Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is a three-span through truss bridge over the Republican River on route 795 northeast of Concordia. The bridge was built in 1893 by the Edge Moor Bridge Works of Wilmington Delaware.This bridge originally erected as a railroad bridge consists of a Pegram truss span between two triple-intersection Warren (lattice) truss spans.
 Anthony Wayne School is a historic school building located in the Girard Estate neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCoursey Richards and built in 1908-1909. It is a four-story five bay reinforced concrete building clad in brick and in the Late Gothic Revival-style. It features a projecting entrance with terra cotta ornament a projecting multi-story terra cotta bay terra cotta decorative panels and a parapet.
 Birmingham Crematorium is a crematorium in the Perry Barr district of Birmingham England designed by Frank Osborne and opened in 1903. A columbarium was added in 1928. the crematorium is now owned and operated by Dignity plc.
 The McLarty Treasure Museum is located at 13180 North A1A on Orchid Island north of Windsor and Vero Beach Florida. The museum occupies part of the former site of the Survivors' and Salvagers' Camp - 1715 Fleet and is part of Sebastian Inlet State Park. It houses exhibits on the history of the 1715 Spanish treasure fleet.
 The Samuel J. Tilden House was the home of Samuel J. Tilden former governor of the U.S. state of New York and fierce opponent of the Tweed Ring and Tammany Hall. Originally built in 1845 Tilden lived in the brownstone from 1860 until his death in 1886.
 The Chapel of St. Bernard is a closed Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Towners Putnam County New York. The parish was established as a mission of St. Lawrence O'Toole in Brewster in 1875 and closed in 1957.
 Carnegie Library is a historic library building located at North Tonawanda in Niagara County New York. It was designed and built in 1903 with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919 and one of 107 in New York State. Carnegie provided $20000 toward the construction of the North Tonawanda library. It is a low one-story brick structure with basement in the Classical Revival style.
 The Czechoslovak Museum is located at 2021 U Street in South Omaha Nebraska.
 Museum of Serbs of Croatia (Croatian: Muzej Srba u Hrvatskoj Serbian Cyrillic: Музеј Срба у Хрватској) was a public museum in Zagreb which was specialized in history of Serbs of Croatia. Museum existed from 1946 till 1963 when it become part of Museum of Croatian History.
 Rugby Chapel is a municipal historic site which is part of the University of Saskatchewan (U of S). The U of S is the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The University of Saskatchewan location next to the South Saskatchewan River was across from the city centre of Saskatoon. In 1879 the Rt. Rev. John McLean started a schooling system in Prince Albert which was renamed the University of Saskatchewan in 1883.
 The Century Theatre originally the New Theatre was a theater located at 62nd Street and Central Park West in New York City. Opened on November 6 1909 it was noted for its fine architecture but due to poor acoustics and an inconvenient location it was financially unsuccessful. The theater was demolished in 1931 and replaced by the Century Apartments building.
 Gokoku-ji (護国寺 Protection of the Nation Temple) is a Buddhist temple in Naha Okinawa. Established in 1367 the temple served as a major national temple for the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan and the unified Ryūkyū Kingdom which would follow. It is perhaps most well known for its associations with Christian missionary Dr. Bernard Jean Bettelheim and with the 1853-1854 visits by Commodore Matthew Perry to Okinawa.
 The Gov. George S. Boutwell House is a historic house at 172 Main Street in Groton Massachusetts that was home to Governor George S. Boutwell. It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. It is the current headquarters of the Groton Historical Society.The house was built in 1851 for George S. Boutwell who was Governor of Massachusetts at the time.
 Cadell Training Centre is an Australian minimum security prison located in Cadell South Australia approximately 180 km north-east of Adelaide and 10 km from the town of Morgan. Named for the town of Cadell which is itself named after Captain Francis Cadell who was the navigator on Charles Sturt’s successful exploration of the Murray River.
 Bartlett School also known as the Frank C. Palumbo Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Hawthorne neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1930. It is a brick building with terra cotta ornament in the Art Deco-style.Since September 2006 the school has operated as a college preparatory magnet high school within the School District of Philadelphia known as the Academy at Palumbo.
 St John's Church Barmouth Gwynedd Wales was built between 1889 and 1895 and designed by the Chester architects Douglas and Fordham. The foundation stone was laid by Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom. Majority of construction costs was donated by Mrs Sarah Dyson Perrins in memory of her husband James Dyson Perrins (father of Charles William Dyson Perrins) of Lea & Perrins.The church belongs to the Church in Wales.
 The Second Brazer Building is an historic building at 25-29 State Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was built in 1896 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (Tamil: தூய இருதய ஆண்டவர் பசிலிக்கா) situated on the south boulevard of Pondicherry in Puducherry India is an oriental specimen of Gothic architecture. It contains rare stained glass panels depicting events from the life of Christ and saints of the Catholic Church. In recent years it has become one of the famous pilgrimage spots for Christians.
 The John Hancock Center at 875 North Michigan Avenue in the Streeterville area of Chicago Illinois United States is a 100-story 1127-foot (344 m) tall skyscraper constructed under the supervision of Skidmore Owings and Merrill with chief designer Bruce Graham and structural engineer Fazlur Khan. When the building topped out on May 6 1968 it was the tallest building in the world outside New York City.
 Mount Joy also known as the Peter Legaux Mansion is a historic house in the Spring Mill section of Whitemarsh Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1735 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with a gambrel roof. It has 10 fireplaces some with iron firebacks.Peter Legaux was the owner of Spring Mill a nearby gristmill that was in operation by 1704.
 The Sidi Arif Mosque (also known as Masjid Al-Arif Bellah ) (Arabic: مسجد العارف بالله‎; transliterated: Masjid al-Aarif) is one of the largest mosques in Sohag Governorate. It was built for the first time at the 14th century and was reconstructed several times; the last one was in 1968 and being renewed in 1998 for the last time. At the corners of the facade are two minarets and the roof is crowned by a dome.
 San Hipólito Hospital is a general medical facility in Mexico City that began as the first psychiatric facility in the Americas. It was founded by Brother Bernardino Álvarez in 1569. It was supported by the first religious order in Mexico called San Hipolito Order of Charity. The money used to maintain the hospital came from alms that Christians collected on the streets. The people who worked on San Hipólito Hospital were prisoners captured pirates and slaves which included the indigenous.
 The Delavan Terrace Historic District is located along that street in Yonkers New York United States. It consists of 10 buildings (12 when originally designated) all houses. In 1983 it was recognized as a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The houses were home to a number of prominent industrialists in Yonkers at the time since they enjoyed an excellent view over the Hudson River.
 Borallon Correctional Centre was an Australian prison located on Ivan Lane Borallon Queensland Australia approximately 15 minutes from Ipswich. It was the first private correctional facility which operated in Australia. It had a capacity of 492 prisoners.The prison was accredited by the Correctional Education Association (CEA). It was the first facility outside the United States to achieve this distinction.
 The Sixth Street School at Sixth and C Sts. in Hawthorne Nevada was built in 1936 and expanded later including in 1942 and 1950.
 The Northeast School (or District No. 1 School) is a historic school building at 981 Summit Road in Richmond Massachusetts. The one-room schoolhouse was built in 1820. The main portion of the building measures 24.5' by 23.5' and there is an ell on the north end that measures 16' by 16'9. The building was moved across the street from its original location in 1993.
 Le Richemond first opened in 1875 as a family run pension under the name Le-Riche-Mont. The first owner Adolphe-Rodolphe Armleder was the son of a German maker of oak wine barrels. After the second world war extensive renovations were made to the hotel to raise the standard to a luxury hotel. In 2004 after four generations of ownership the Armleder family sold the hotel to The Rocco Forte Collection.
 Andover Hook and Ladder Company Building is located in Andover Maine. The fire station was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 11 2001.
 Colvin Run Mill is in Great Falls Virginia. Built c. 1811 Colvin Run Mill is the solesurviving operational 19th-century water-powered mill in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area and its restored mechanism is a nationally significant example of automated technologies pioneered in milling and later adopted across American industry.Down the gravel path of the park is the miller's house home to the families who ran the mill.
 Our Lady of Czestochowa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Worcester Massachusetts United States. Founded in 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.Name of the parish is linked with the cult of Black Madonna of Częstochowa.
 Tony Luke's is a Cheesesteak restaurant that was founded in 1990 by Tony Luke Jr. at its original location on 39 East Oregon Avenue in Philadelphia. The franchise has since expanded with 19 locations in Pennsylvania and New Jersey one location each in Delaware and Florida and two locations in Bahrain.
 The Mound City Civil War Naval Hospital was a naval hospital in Mound City Illinois used by the United States Navy during the Civil War. The hospital was established in 1861 in an existing brick building claimed by the U.S. government. It became one of the largest Union hospitals in the western states during the war.Treatment at the hospital was led by Catholic nurses from Indiana.
 Baswich Priory was a priory in Staffordshire England.
 St. Michael's Church is one of the oldest Catholic churches as well as one of oldest existing Portuguese buildings in Mumbai. The church is situated in Mahim located at the intersection of L.J. Road and Mahim Causeway. Due to its location it is also informally known as Mahim Church. The church is famous for its Novenas on Wednesdays which is visited by thousands.The church originally built in 1534 is rebuilt a number of times the present structure dating to 1973.
 Very similar to Big Boy restaurants Jerry's was located in the Midwest and South. In 1989 most of Jerry's 46 remaining locations were converted to Denny's by the new owners with a handful staying under the original name usually because there was already an existing Denny's nearby.
 Museo de Arte de Ponce (MAP) is an art museum located on Las Americas Avenue (PR-133) in Ponce Puerto Rico. It is considered one of the finest art museums in Puerto Rico. It houses a collection of European art as well as work by Puerto Rican artists. The largest art museum in the Caribbean it has also been called one of the best in the Americas.
 The Parker-Hutchinson Farm is a property on Parker Bridge Road in Coventry Connecticut in Tolland County. It includes the Samuel Parker House which dates from 1850. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Collegiate Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity Stratford-upon-Avon is a Grade I listed parish church of the Church of England in Stratford-upon-Avon Warwickshire England.
 The house at 20 Center Street formerly 37 Center Street in Highland Falls New York United States is a frame house built in the mid-19th century in the Greek Revival architectural style.It is one of the few Greek Revival houses and the highest in style in the Hudson Highlands. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The King-McBride Mansion at 26-28 S. Howard St. in Virginia City Nevada is a historic Italianate-style house that was built in 1876 not long after the Great Fire in October 1875.
 The Coventryville Historic District is a historic district and historic village in Chester County Pennsylvania that occupied a significant role in the early American metal industry.
 The Mansion House (Irish: Teach an Ard-Mhéara) on Dawson Street Dublin has been the official residence of the Lord Mayor of Dublin since 1715.
 The Vero Beach Woman's Club is a historic woman's club in Vero Beach Florida. It is located at 1534 21st Street. On February 10 1995 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Temple Hall is an early 19th-century Federal-style mansion and working farm near the Potomac River north of Leesburg in Loudoun County Virginia.
 The Hubbell Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Charles Ives House also known as Charles Ives Birthplace is located on Mountainville Avenue in Danbury Connecticut United States. It is a wooden frame structure built in 1780 and expanded on since. Over the course of the 19th century it was the residence of several generations of Iveses a family important in the city's history. In 1874 it was the birthplace of Charles Ives who became an internationally recognized composer in the early 20th century.
 The Enid Terminal Grain Elevators Historic District is located in Enid Garfield County Oklahoma and listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2009. The district consists of concrete grain elevators located between North 10th North 16th North Van Buren and Willow Streets which have dotted the Enid skyline since the 1920s.
 Evangelical United Brethren Church (also known as Christian Church) is a historic church at 302 Fifth Street in Dayton Oregon.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The El Djem Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in El Djem.
 R Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center (also known simply as Shock Trauma or Shocktrauma) is a free-standing trauma hospital in Baltimore Maryland and is part of the University of Maryland Medical Center. It was the first facility in the world to treat shock. Shock Trauma was founded by R Adams Cowley who is considered the father of trauma medicine.
 Barnett House also known as Big Spring is a historic home located near Elliston Montgomery County Virginia. The house was built about 1808 and underwent a radical transformation in the early 20th century. It is a two-story five bay brick dwelling with a single pile central passage plan. The front facade features a one-story wraparound porch through the two-story portico across the facade.
 Tzitzernavank (Tsitsernavank or Dzidzernavank) Armenian: Ծիծեռնավանք) is a fifth- to sixth-century Armenian church and former monastery in the Qashatagh Province of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (formerly Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan). The monastery is within five kilometers of the border of Armenia's province of Syunik.
 Pinnacles Gallery is a dynamic art space located within the Riverway Arts Centre at Riverway Townsville with a mission to make sure its programs are contemporary engaging accessible interactive and enjoyable.Artists can submit applications to have solo exhibitions of their work exhibited and the gallery co-ordinates a number of group exhibitions in which artists can submit works.
 Hotel Polonia Palace is a historic luxury hotel opened in 1913 located on Aleje Jerozolimskie in Poland's capital Warsaw. It was declared an architectural monument of Poland's history and culture on July 1 1965.
 The Brown Township Building is a historic building in downtown Ansonia Ohio United States. Built in the Italianate style in 1883 this two-story structure has historically been the most prominent structure in Ansonia and Brown Township. From the 1880s until the 1950s the lower floor was used as the village jail the post office the fire station offices for the village and township governments and a polling place.
 Lauderdale is a historic home located near Buchanan Botetourt County Virginia. The main house was built about 1821 and added to or otherwise remodeled on at least two subsequent occasions about 1840 and about 1926. It is a two-story brick dwelling that has a one-room-deep center-passage-plan form with a five-bay north-facing front elevation a two-story ell and a rear addition built about 1926.
 The First National Bank of Meeteetse also known as the Bank Museum and the Old Bank Building was built in Meeteetse Wyoming in 1901 for Hogg Cheesman McDonald and Company Bankers. The following year it was renamed to the more concise First National Bank of Meeteetse. The bank occupied the first floor while the second floor was initially the town council's meeting place.The bank remained on the first floor until 1975.
 The InterContinental Miami is a hotel in Downtown Miami Florida United States. It belongs to the InterContinental Hotels chain. Located on Biscayne Bay the hotel is in the form of a 35-story tower on the eastern edge of downtown in Bayfront Park. The address is 100 Chopin Plaza. The building is 122 m (366 ft) tall has 35 stories and was built in 1982. There are 641 guest rooms.
 The Z. C. B. J. Hall also known as Bohemian Hall or Zapadni Cesko Bratrske Jednota Hall is an historic building located near Arthur Wisconsin that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1992. It historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community.
 Asia Society (AustralAsia) is part of the global not-for profit education organisation Asia Society headquartered in New York. Launched in 1997 the AustralAsia office of Asia Society carried on the objectives of Asia Society's founder John D Rockefeller III to promoting a stronger Asia literate world. In 2009 Asia Society (AustralAsia) began its joint collaboration with Asialink and continues to work together on a multitude of projects.
 Noyes Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1898 and enlarged in 1908. It is a three story wood frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It has a stone foundation and multi-gabled roof. It features six cure porches including a two story porch at the rear.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 For other churches with this name see St. Thomas Aquinas Church (disambiguation)St. Thomas Aquinas is a Roman Catholic church in Fairfield Connecticut in the Diocese of Bridgeport. The present Colonial-style church was designed by Polak and Sullivan of New Haven CT.[citation needed]
 The Chicago Great Western Railroad Depot is a historic railway station in the village of Elizabeth Illinois USA. It was built in 1877–78 and like many rural stations along the Chicago Great Western Railroad it was cast in Stick style. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Château de Lacoste is a ruined castle in the commune of Salviac in the Lot département of France.The castle dates originally from the 11th century. There were further additions and alterations most significantly in the 12th 15th 16th and 18th centuries. The castle is built on the walls of older fortifications. It consists of three corps de logis grouped around a courtyard; a more recent building has grown along the park.
 The King Plow Arts Center is a commercial performing and visual arts center located in the Marietta Street Artery district of Atlanta. King Plow is the largest center of its kind in the city. King Plow is also a popular music venue for concerts and live music shows in Atlanta. The Center is located on West Marietta Street in West Midtown.
 The William B. Dunlap Mansion is a historic house in Bridgewater Pennsylvania United States. Erected in 1840 on a bluff over the Beaver River in the northern part of the borough it has been ranked as the grandest and best-preserved 19th-century house in Bridgewater.The mansion was built for coffee entrepreneur James Arbuckle whose architect employed the Greek Revival style of architecture. Arbuckle lived in the house until 1865 when he sold it to Samuel R. Dunlap and his family.
 Lewisfield Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Moncks Corner Berkeley County South Carolina. It was built about 1774 and is a 2 1/2-half story clapboard dwelling is supported by a high brick foundation that encloses a raised basement. It has a five bay wide verandah enclosed by a balustrade and supported by six slender Doric columns.
 Old Mill State Park is a small Minnesota state park on the Middle River between Argyle and Newfolden on an ancient beach of glacial Lake Agassiz in Marshall County in the northwestern part of the state.It is a 406-acre (164 ha) park.
 Arpechim Refinery was one of the largest Romanian refineries and one of the largest in Europe located in Piteşti Argeş County and had both refining and petrochemical capacities. The refinery has two processing modules with a nominal capacity of 6.5 million tonnes/year. Now only one of the two modules is operating with a capacity of 3.5 million tonnes/year or 70000 bbl/d (11000 m3/d).
 The Prairie Creek Fish Hatchery near Orick Humboldt County California was one of the first small local fish hatcheries developed to improve the area’s sport and commercial fishing and is one of only three remaining hatcheries built in California from 1871 to 1946.
 The Charles River Reservation Parkways are parkways that run along either side of the Charles River in eastern Massachusetts. The roads are contained within the Charles River Reservation and the Upper Charles River Reservation and fall within a number of communities in the greater Boston metropolitan area. The Charles River parks extend from the Charles River Dam where the Charles empties into Boston Harbor to Riverdale Park in the West Roxbury neighborhood of Boston.
 Eisenhower House formerly known as the Commandant's Residence or Quarters Number One of Fort Adams is a historic house that is part of Fort Adams State Park in Newport Rhode Island.
 Mount Auburn Historic District is located in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio. It extends along both sides of Auburn Avenue roughly between Ringold Street and William H. Taft Road.The District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 28 1973 (No. 73001464). Mount Auburn was founded as a hilltop retreat for Cincinnati's social elite where wealthier people could escape the dirt heat smoke and crowded conditions of the lower city.
 The Millennium Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper whose completion date is unknown. If ever completed it would be Europe's tallest tower outside Moscow. It will be located in Frankfurt Germany and will have a height of 369 m (1211 ft) with 97 storeys. Thirty percent of the building is planned to be residential.
 Pakatakan Artists Colony Historic District is a national historic district located at Arkville in Delaware County New York. The district contains 33 contributing buildings and two contributing structures. It consists of a small mountainside collection of studios and residences clustered about the original Pakatakan Inn.
 The Grundy County Courthouse located in Grundy Center Iowa United States was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Johannishus Castle (Swedish: Johannishus slott) is a castle in Ronneby Municipality Blekinge County Sweden.
 The Bijou Theatre Building is located in Marinette Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Almaty Television Tower or simply Almaty Tower is a 371.5-metre-high (1219 ft) steel television tower built between 1975 and 1983 in Almaty Kazakhstan. The tower is located on high slopes of Kok Tobe mountain (Kazakh: Көктөбе means blue hill) south-east of downtown Almaty. Unlike other similar TV towers it is not a concrete but a steel tubular structure.
 The Coal Miners' Museum is a museum in Van Lear Kentucky dedicated to the area's coal mining history . The museum is administered by the Van Lear Historical Society.
 The Basilica of Saint Louis King of France formerly the Cathedral of Saint Louis and colloquially the Old Cathedral was the first cathedral west of the Mississippi River and until 1845 the only parish church in the city of St. Louis Missouri. It is one of two Catholic basilicas in St. Louis and it is named for King Louis IX of France also the namesake for the city of St. Louis.It is located near the historic riverfront of St.
 The Matisse Museum (Musée Départemental Henri Matisse) is a museum in Le Cateau-Cambrésis France that primarily displays paintings by Henri Matisse. The museum was established by Matisse himself on 8 November 1952; he also defined the way his works should be arranged.
 The Marquette Hotel is located at 338 Broadway St. in Cape Girardeau Missouri. The Mission/Spanish revival style hotel was designed by Walter P. Manske and George F. Bartling and built in 1928. It is significant for its architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Cushing House (formerly called Cushing Hall) is a four-story co-ed dormitory on Vassar College's campus in the town of Poughkeepsie New York. A response to freshmen overcrowding the college's Board of Trustees hurried the Allen & Collens-designed building named for college librarian and alumna trustee Florence M. Cushing to construction and completion in 1927.
 Estonian Firefighting Museum is a museum devoted to introducing the historical heritage of firefighting in Estonia. The first volunteer fire department in Estonia was created in 1788 by the Brotherhood of the Blackheads which was one of the first firefighting brigades in contemporary Europe. First professional fire departments were established shortly after the end of the First World War in 1919.
 First Baptist Church of Bowdoin and Coombs Cemetery is an historic church and cemetery in Bowdoin Center Maine.It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Aghaviller (Irish: Áth an Bhiolair meaning field of the watercress) National Monument is a church and round tower in County Kilkenny Ireland.Aghaviller gives its name to the wider townland civil parish and electoral district.Located south-east of Kilkenny about six miles south of Thomastown near Knocktopher.
 The United Methodist Church of Batavia is a historical church in Batavia Illinois. Funds for the church were donated by Rev. E. H. Gammon and Cpt. Don Carlos Newton in 1887 to replace the First Methodist Church of Batavia. It was designed by famed local architect Solon Spencer Beman in the Romanesque Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The West Berkshire Museum is a museum located in Newbury Berkshire. Established in 1904 the museum houses various artworks and collections. The museum is housed in two of Newbury's most historic buildings. The Cloth Hall was built in 1626-1627 by Richard Emmes a master carpenter of Speenhamland for the Newbury Corporation as a cloth factory.
 The Pennsylvania House is a historic inn and tavern in western Springfield Ohio United States. Built circa 1822 this three-story brick Federal structure lies along the original National Road and near the old road that connects Springfield with Dayton Ohio.In the early years of the nineteenth century the National and Dayton-Springfield Roads were major transportation arteries for those bound for the West and for Cincinnati respectively.
 The Moravian Sun Inn was an 18th-century inn built by the Moravian community at Bethlehem Pennsylvania to provide accommodations for non-Moravian merchants who had business with the community. Many people prominent during the American Revolution stayed there including George Washington Martha Washington Benjamin Franklin John Adams Samuel Adams John Hancock and the Marquis de Lafayette.
 The Museum of Musical Instruments of Milan exhibits over 700 musical instruments from the fifteenth to twentieth centuries with particular attention to Lombard instruments. The collection contains plucked instruments Lombard and Cremonese violins hunting horns numerous wood instruments (e.g. flutes oboes clarinets English horns) bassoons pianos and some ancient organs.
 RIDC Westmoreland and still commonly referred to as the Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly Plant or Sony Research Center — is a manufacturing complex located 35 miles (56 km) south of Pittsburgh in Westmoreland County Pennsylvania near New Stanton. The complex manufactured 1.15 million vehicles.
 Toqua is a prehistoric and historic Native American site in Monroe County Tennessee located in the southeastern United States. Along with the Overhill Cherokee village for which the site was named Toqua was home to a substantial pre-Cherokee town that thrived during the Mississippian period (1000-1600). One of the Toqua site's most outstanding features was a 25-foot (7.6 m) platform mound built by the town's Mississippian inhabitants.
 The Arcade Building is a historic enclosed arcade in Columbia South Carolina that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 171982.
 Dollis Hill House was an early 19th century farmhouse located in the North London suburb of Dollis Hill on the northern boundary of Gladstone Park. Noteworthy guests such as William Ewart Gladstone and Mark Twain were once entertained there. By the 21st century the house was a derelict ruin having been all but destroyed by fire in the 1990s; the building was finally demolished in 2012.
 The Abraham Lincoln is the oldest operable passenger car in the United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 110 East Washington Street is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1921 and has 15 floors. It is used for residential housing.
 The Roslyn Village Historic District encompasses the center of that village in the U.S. state of New York.
 Oakwood Cemetery is a 160-acre (65 ha) historic cemetery located in Syracuse New York. It was designed by Howard Daniels and built in 1859. Oakwood Cemetery was created during a time period in the nineteenth century when the rural cemetery was becoming a distinct landscape type and is a good example of this kind of landscape architecture.The original 92 acres (37 ha) included about 60 acres (24 ha) of dense oak forest with pine ash hickory and maple.
 The Renaissance Theatre previously known as the Ohio Theatre is a restored movie palace-type theater located at 136 Park Ave. W in Mansfield Ohio. The 1600 seat theater opened on January 19 1928 as the Ohio Theatre and serves today as the largest performing arts center in North-Central Ohio. The Renaissance is home to the Miss Ohio Scholarship Pageant the state competition for the Miss America Pageant.
 The Independent Order of Odd Fellows (IOOF) Hall No. 148 also known as Fraternal Order of Eagles (FOE) Aerie No. 2059 is a meeting hall building in Carnation Washington. It was built in 1895. listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.In 1985 the building was listed as a King County Washington historic site.
 St Paul's Church Hooton is in the village of Hooton Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wirral South the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it as unquestionably one of the most spectacular churches of Cheshire.
 Alderney Society Museum is the only museum in Alderney in the Channel Islands. Located in the Old School House on the High Street in central St Anne the museum is run and funded by the Alderney Society as one of its many projects.
 SM City Baguio is an enclosed shopping mall in Baguio in the Philippines. At a floor area of 107841 m2 (1160790 sq ft) it is the largest shopping mall in the whole North Luzon Region. The entire complex stands on a land area of 80000 m2 (860000 sq ft) on Luneta Hill on top of Session Road overlooking historic Burnham Park and opposite Baguio's City Hall which is situated on a northern hill.The mall was formally opened on November 21 2003.
 Highpoint on Columbus Commons is a $50 million mixed-use development project in Columbus Ohio consisting of both multi-family and retail space.
 The Union Watersphere also known as the Union Water Tower is a water tower topped with a sphere-shaped water tank in Union New Jersey United States and characterized as the World's Tallest Water Sphere.Adjacent to U.S. Route 22 New Jersey Route 82 and the Garden State Parkway the iconic tower has been a landmark since its construction. The tower was originally commissioned the Elizabethtown Water Company and is now owned by American Water.
 The Victoria Building University of Liverpool is on the corner of Brownlow Hill and Ashton Street Liverpool Merseyside England (grid reference SJ358903). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was designed by Alfred Waterhouse and completed in 1892. It was the first purpose-built building for what was to become the University of Liverpool with accommodation for administration teaching common rooms and a library.
 The Hiroshima Prefectural Art Museum (広島県立美術館 Hiroshima Kenritsu Bijutsukan) is an art museum founded in 1968. It was reconstructed in 1996. It is located near Shukkei-en in the Hiroshima City Japan.
 The Butler Greenwood Plantation is a plantation in Louisiana. It is on U.S. Route 61 2.2 kilometres (1.4 mi) to the North of St. Francisville Louisiana. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Atlanta City Hall building is the headquarters of the City of Atlanta government. It was constructed in 1930 and is located in Downtown Atlanta. It is surrounded by skyscrapers and very similar to dozens of other city halls built in the United States during the same time period. Located in South Downtown it is near other governmental structures such as the Georgia State Capitol and the Fulton County Courthouse.
 The Upsala Street School is a historic school building at 36 Upsala Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story brick Romanesque Revival structure was designed by architect George Clemence and built in 1894. Additions were added to the south in 1902 and 1923 to meet increasing demand. The main facade is symmetrical with a large central projecting section which has the main entry recessed inside a round archway which is flanked by a pair of smaller blind arches.
 The Old Shelby County Courthouse is a defunct courthouse in Columbiana Alabama. It was built in 1854. It served as the courthouse for Shelby County until 1906 when a larger court facility was built. It also served as Columbiana's city hall. Since 1982 it has housed the Shelby County Museum and Archives and its operator the Shelby County Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1974.
 One Commerce Plaza also known as the Twin Towers is a private office building located on Washington Avenue in downtown Albany New York. At 20 floors and 270 feet (82 meters) it is the twelfth tallest structure in Albany. One Commerce Plaza was completed in 1971 and originally had a black glass and white marble exterior. Although it is a private office tower much of the building is occupied by New York State government offices. Its lobby features several eateries.
 The Niles Canyon Railway (NCRy) is a heritage railway running through Niles Canyon between Sunol and the Niles district of Fremont in the East Bay of the San Francisco Bay Area in California USA. The railway is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Niles Canyon Transcontinental Railroad Historic District. Trains are operated by the Pacific Locomotive Association which preserves restores and operates historic railroad equipment.
 On February 10 2014 the Betty Ford Center merged with the Hazelden Foundation to form the Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation the nation's largest nonprofit treatment organization.In a joint statement the Hon. Susan Fox Gillis and Dr. Mary Turner Pattiz the chair and vice chair respectively of the new Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation Board of Trustees said We are proud of the individual legacies of both Hazelden and the Betty Ford Center and excited to come together as one today.
 The Bridgewater Historic District is a historic district in Bridgewater Pennsylvania United States. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 28 1996 it includes buildings built between 1818 and 1933 although the most significant buildings in the district are those that were built before the Civil War in the 1860s.
 Southlake Mall is a shopping mall in Hobart Indiana. The tract of land on which it sits was annexed from unincorporated Ross Township in 1993. Southlake Mall is the only enclosed super regional mall in Northwest Indiana as well as one of largest in Indiana along with Castleton Square in Indianapolis and Glenbrook Square in Fort Wayne. Anchor stores include Carson Pirie Scott JCPenney Macy's Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears. The Macy's store was previously an L. S.
 The Lake Zumbro Hydroelectric Generating Plant is a dam owned by Rochester Public Utilities (RPU) of Rochester Minnesota. Built in 1919–1920 under supervision of Hugh L. Cooper the dam over the Zumbro River creates Lake Zumbro in Mazeppa Township Zumbro Township and Oronoco Township. This dam spans 440 feet (130 m) and is 55 feet (17 m) deep. Lake Zumbro covers 2000 acres (810 ha).
 The Café A Brasileira (The Brazilian Cafe) is a café located in the historic center along Largo Barão de São Martinho in the civil parish of São João do Souto municipality of Braga.
 Vogelsanck Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Vogelsanck) is a moated castle in Zolder in the municipality of Heusden-Zolder province of Limburg Belgium.From 1308 to 1795 the castle was the centre of government of the free territory of Vogelsanck which comprised the present villages of Zolder Zonhoven Houthalen Stokrooie and the southern part of Heusden.
 The Cleveland Mine Engine House Number 3 also known as the Brownstone Engine House is a building located at 601 Division Street in Ishpeming Michigan. It was built to house engines hoisting ore from various Cleveland Mine locales and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Plas Bodegroes is a former Georgian country house which stands in its own grounds near Pwllheli Gwynedd on the Llŷn peninsula. The grade II* listed building is now a restaurant. The house was built in 1780 for William Griffith (1748-1816) probably designed by Joseph Bromfield and probably incorporating elements of a previous house. It is built in two storeys with attics rendered and painted white.
 The Martin Ryerson Tomb is an Egyptian Revival style mausoleum designed by Louis Sullivan and completed in 1889. It is in the historic Graceland Cemetery in Chicago Illinois United States.
 The Howe Village Historic District is a historic district in Boxford Massachusetts.The area was settled in 1684 by Richerd Himing (1658–1699). The district features Colonial and Federal style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Fremantle Fire Station in Fremantle Western Australia was the second fire station built for the Fremantle Fire Brigade and was opened in 1909. It was designed by architectural firm Cavanagh and Cavanagh and constructed by J. Lake. The fire station was designed to house four horse-drawn vehicles including the district's ambulance which was also operated by the fire brigade.
 The Westin Paris – Vendôme at 3 rue de Castiglione on the corner of the rue de Rivoli facing the Tuileries Garden opened in April 1878 as the Hôtel Continental It was designed by Charles Garnier's nephew Henri Blondel and was intended to be the most luxurious hotel in Paris at the time. It occupied a full block the former premises of the Ministry of Finance (burned in 1871) which had been designed by François-Hippolyte Destailleur in 1817 following the Bourbon Restoration.
 Walls House known also as McCrary House was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Creaser Hotel also known as the Jane Cody Residence  is a hotel and residence in Republic Washington and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The hotel was built in 1897 by Phil Creaser who located the Republic and Jim Blaine mines. Located on the crest of Creaser Hill this building is the oldest frame structure still in existence in Republic and surpassed in age only by the Kaufman Cabin built one year earlier in 1896.
 The Saint Mary Visitor Center in Glacier National Park with the connected Saint Mary Checking Station and Entrance Station was constructed at the east entrance to the Going-to-the-Sun Road during the Mission 66 park facilities improvement program. It was designed by Burt L. Gewalt of the Kalispell Montana architectural firm Brinkman and Lenon and was completed in 1967.
 Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital (NLFH) is a community-based hospital in Lake Forest Illinois and a wholly owned subsidiary of Northwestern Memorial HealthCare one of the nation's premiere academic medical centers. The hospital was established in 1899 as Alice Home on the campus of Lake Forest College and in 1942 a new hospital was built in its current location as Lake Forest Hospital.
 Quarters A Brooklyn Navy Yard was the residence of the commander of the Brooklyn Navy Yard. It was home to Commodore Matthew C. Perry at the time of his opening of Japan. Contrary to a popular misconception Quarters A is not located on Admiral's Row; it is actually located in Vinegar Hill.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 The Museum of Fine Arts (MBA) is an Venezuelan art museum in Caracas located in the section of the city of the same name. Was founded in 1917 its building was designed by architect Carlos Raúl Villanueva both in 1938 and 1973.
 The Chelsea Parade Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The district is located north of downtown Norwich and includes the Chelsea Parade Green and its monuments.It includes 565 contributing buildings two other contributing sites and six contributing objects over an 205 acres (83 ha) area. It includes the Nathaniel Backus House the Broad Street School and the Converse House and Barn which are separately NRHP-listed.
 The Forrest Block is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Dock Hill Road Extension Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Cornwall on Hudson in Orange County New York. It was built about 1870.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Kabale Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Kabale Hospital is a hospital in the town of Kabale in Kabale District in southwestern Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Kabale Kanungu Kisoro and Rukungiri.
 Ladd Tower is a 23-story residential building in Portland Oregon completed in early 2009. The construction of Ladd Tower caused the Ladd Carriage House to be moved from its foundation returning in October 2008. Holland Residential manages the building which also has commercial space on the ground floor. The main residential tower also shares space on the first through third floors with a church next door.The tower is Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design-certified.
 For the town see Geghard Armenia.The monastery of Geghard (Armenian: Գեղարդ meaning spear) is a unique architectural construction in the Kotayk province of Armenia being partially carved out of the adjacent mountain surrounded by cliffs. It is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.While the main chapel was built in 1215 the monastery complex was founded in the 4th century by Gregory the Illuminator at the site of a sacred spring inside a cave.
 Taj Mahal is a palace built by Sultan Shah Jahan Begum of Bhopal. It is located beside the Taj-ul-Masajid in Bhopal India.
 Lycoming Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located off Interstate 180 just west of the junction with U.S. Route 220 in the village of Halls Muncy Township Lycoming County ten miles east of Williamsport Pennsylvania. It is anchored by Bon-Ton Burlington Coat Factory J.C. Penney Macy's and Sears. Other major tenants include Best Buy Big Lots Dick's Sporting Goods Hollister Co. and Old Navy.
 The Lottie Moon House located at 220 East High Street in Oxford Ohio was completed in 1831. It was not named Lottie Moon House but rather adopted the name after being inhabited by the Moon family in 1839. The nineteenth-century architecture is a simple design enhanced by a one-story wooden porch that spans most of the entire front of the house. The front of the house is symmetrical which adds to its simple beauty.
 Carew Castle is a castle in the civil parish of Carew in the Welsh county of Pembrokeshire. The famous Carew family take their name from the place and still own the castle although it is leased to the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park which administers the site.
 Community Hospital of Long Beach is an acute care hospital in Long Beach California.
 Our Lady of Czestochowa Parish - designated for Polish immigrants at Dorchester Ave Dorchester Massachusetts was founded in 1893.This is one of Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.
 St Ann's Church South Tottenham is an Evangelical Anglican church in the St Ann's neighbourhood near Harringay London UK a part of the Church of England. The current incumbent is the Reverend John M. Wood.
 Baxter-King House is a historic house at 36 Heritage Road in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The house has recently been remodeled and is currently for sale.
 The Museum of Ancient Greek Technology is a museum in Katakolo Elis Greece. It was founded by Kostas Kotsanas and holds 200 operating reconstructions of mechanisms and inventions of the ancient Greeks covering the period from 2200 BC to 100 AD. It is approximately 500 meters from the pier.
 St Thomas Church is an Anglican Church which is also known as The Church of Bangladesh . The church premise was in an area of lush greeneries with the famous Bahadur Shah Park at a stone’s throw distance on the south. The north-south axial Nawabpur/Johnson Road the most important commercial street connecting the old part of the city with the new is on the west and separated the area from the court Bank DC's office and Jagannath University buildings across it.
 The Basílica de Nuestra Señora de los Ángeles (Our Lady of the Angels Basilica) is a Roman Catholic basilica in Costa Rica located in the city of Cartago and dedicated to the Virgen de los Pardos officially known as Virgen de los Ángeles (the Lady of the Angels). The basilica was built in 1639 and was partially destroyed by an earthquake.
 First English Lutheran Church is a historic church at 53 Park Ave. West in Mansfield Ohio.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Piedmont Region Headquarters (Grattacielo della Regione Piemonte) will be a new skyscraper in Turin Italy which will house the administration offices of the Piedmont Region. The building was designed by Massimiliano Fuksas. Works were planned to start by autumn 2011.
 The Smith-McDowell House is located in Asheville North Carolina. It is the city's first mansion and oldest surviving house and the oldest brick structure in Buncombe County.The house was constructed in 1840 for James McConnell Smith. His daughter Sarah Smith-McDowell bought the house after her parents died. It is a blend of architectural styles dating from its original 1840 construction and additions completed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Lotus Temple located in New Delhi India is a Bahá'í House of Worship completed in 1986. Notable for its flowerlike shape it serves as the Mother Temple of the Indian subcontinent and has become a prominent attraction in the city. The Lotus Temple has won numerous architectural awards and been featured in hundreds of newspaper and magazine articles.
 Buffalo Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Buffalo Township Union County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1846 and is a one-story brick and wood frame building three bays wide and four bays deep. It features a full-width portico supported by four square columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Park Plaza Apartment Complex is a group of two twin-structured residential buildings in Hurstville New South Wales. Park Plaza One is the St. George District's tallest structure of any kind standing at a roof height of 67.2 metres it is 2 metres taller than the 2nd tallest in St. George the Proximity A Building in Rockdale New South Wales.
 Fort Pleasant — formerly known as Fort Van Meter and Town Fort and still also known as the Isaac Van Meter House — is a historic site located near the unincorporated community of Old Fields about 5 miles north of Moorefield in Hardy County West Virginia USA. Situated on the South Branch Potomac River a young Colonel George Washington directed a fortification to be built here in 1756 during the escalating hostilities with Native Americans and French known as the French and Indian War.
 The Owings Upper Mill (also known as A.E. Groff's Flour Mill) is a historic grist mill located at Owings Mills Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a large 3 1⁄2-story brick structure 50 by 60 feet (15 by 18 m). The building stands on a low stone foundation surmounted by a molded brick water table. Two frame extensions were built sometime in the 1880s. The words EUREKA FLOUR MILL are worked into the façade in purple brick between the second- and third-story windows.
 River Mill Hydroelectric Project also known as River Mill Dam and Station M is a hydroelectric dam and powerhouse in Clackamas County Oregon United States. It is just north of Estacada Oregon on the Clackamas River at river mile 23.5.The dam has been in continuous production of hydroelectric power since 1911 when its construction was funded by the Portland Railway Light and Power Company.
 St. James' Episcopal Church is located on East Main Street (New York state routes 5 and 33) in Batavia New York United States. It is a stone Neo-Gothic structure built in the early 20th century.It was the first of 65 similar churches most also in Western New York designed by Robert North a former choirboy at the church.
 The Toronto Central Prison Chapel was a Roman Catholic prison chapel located in Toronto's Liberty Village neighbourhood. In 1877 it was built by prisoners of the now-closed Toronto Central Prison. It is one of the oldest buildings in Toronto and was added to the city's list of heritage properties in 1985. It is therefore historically protected from demolition under the city of Toronto by law.
 The Shell Service Station in Winston-Salem North Carolina was a filling station constructed in 1930 following a decision in the 1920s by the Shell Company to begin marketing in North Carolina. The building is an example of representational or novelty architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1976.
 HM Prison New Hall is a Closed Category prison for female adults juveniles and young offenders. The prison is located in the village of Flockton (near Wakefield) in West Yorkshire England. New Hall is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Khan al-Tujjar (Arabic: خان التجار‎) (Arabic transliteration: Merchant's Caravanserai) is a 15th-century khan in the Palestinian city of Nablus. Situated the Old City it has been noted as the finest khan in the region.
 Mount Hope Reservoir is a historic reservoir located in Oneida in Madison County New York. It includes three contributing sites and four contributing buildings. It was developed between 1883 and 1906 and served as the original source of water for drinking fire protection and industrial needs for Oneida.
 The Monastery of Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth in Komańcza (Polish: Klasztor Zgromadzenia Sióstr Najświętszej Rodziny z Nazaretu w Komańczy Klasztor nazaretanek) opened in May 1928. It was established as a house of the Assembly of Nuns of the Holy Family of Nazareth in the diocese of Przemyśl. At the beginning of 1927 in a rented house lived five sisters working mainly in the parish church and the vestry.
 Fosnes Chapel (Norwegian: Fosnes kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Fosnes in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located at Fosnesvågen on the northeastern coast of the island of Jøa. The chapel is part of the Fosnes parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Centre of Contemporary Art (CoCA formerly the Canterbury Society of Arts Gallery) is an art gallery in the central city of Christchurch New Zealand.The gallery specialises in the exhibition sale valuation and hire of New Zealand art as well as offering educational services and advice on fine art. Exhibitions at the gallery change every three weeks work by over 400 artists has been exhibited every year.[citation needed]
 The William A. Glasner House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Glencoe Illinois United States in 1905. Glasner led his sister Emma Pettit to Wright to design the Pettit Memorial Chapel as a memorial to her deceased husband Dr. William H. Pettit.
 Menzo Wheeler House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1860 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-five-bay building with a heavy wooden frame on a limestone foundation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The African American Museum of the Arts is located at 325 South Clara Avenue DeLand Florida. It contains a revolving display of art and over 150 African-related artifacts.
 The Hartford Club is a private club located in Hartford Connecticut and founded in 1873. Notable members include Mark Twain.The Hartford Club began as a union of local men's clubs amalgamated due to financial woes. It began admitting women members in the 1970s. Its present clubhouse located at 46 Prospect Street was designed in 1901 by Robert D. Andrews of Andrews Jacques and Rantoul. It opened on January 1 1908. The clubhouse is close to the Connecticut State Capitol.
 Rogers Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Rogers Arkansas. It was created as Walnut Street Historic District in 1988 as a National Register of Historic Places listing. Its name was modified in 1993 to Rogers Commercial Historic District when the boundaries were increased to include parts of other streets as well. It was further increased in 1998 to include BEI733 Edwards Grocery and/or Watson's Goodyear Store at 120 S. Second St.
 Château de Pommier is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Buckey O'Neill Cabin was built in 1890 by William Buckey O'Neill in what would become Grand Canyon National Park. O'Neill was among many other things a member of Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders who had previously been an author sheriff and a judge in his native Arizona. He was killed in action in Cuba in 1898 but was instrumental in establishing what would eventually become the Grand Canyon Railroad.The cabin is the oldest extant structure on the South Rim.
 Gen. Isaac Peace Rodman House is an historic house at 1789 Kingstown Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1855 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 The Château de Spesbourg is a castle that dominates the valley above the village of Andlau in the Bas-Rhin département of France.The castle was constructed between 1246 and 1250 by Alexander of Stahleck-Dicka Vogt to Andlau Abbey. In 1386 it became the property of the family von Andlau.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint Sebastian (Spanish: Catedral Metropolitana San Sebastián) is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the Archdiocese of Cochabamba. It is located in the Plaza 14 de Septiembre in Cochabamba Bolivia.
 Kelling Hall is a Grade II listed building situated in the civil parish of Kelling in the English county of Norfolk. It is 0.7 miles from the parish of Holt and overlooks the North Norfolk coastline at a height of 171 feet above sea level. The grounds consist of 1600 acres and originally came with seven cottages 11 holiday properties and 10 homes in the village of Holt. It was built in 1913 for Henri Deterding who was one of the founders of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company.
 Founded in 1961 the Ypsilanti Historical Society operates the Ypsilanti Historical Museum and Fletcher-White Archives in Ypsilanti MI. The museum and archives are located at 220 N Huron St. in an Italianate mansion built in 1860 by Asa Dow. The house came into possession of the Ypsilanti Historical Society in 1970 after being owned by the city since 1966.
 Sydney Exhibition Centre @ Glebe Island is an interim facility purpose built at Glebe Island to house large trade and consumer shows during the development of the new International Convention Centre (ICC) Sydney at Darling Harbour.
 All Saints Anglican Church is an Anglican church in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 The Church of St. John the Evangelist was a former Church of Ireland church located on the west side of Fishamble Street in the centre of Dublin Ireland. It was founded in the 12th century and a great many of its parish records survive.
 The Portage la Prairie Canadian Pacific Railway Station is a former Canadian Pacific Railway station that is being restored as a museum. Passenger rail service in the community is now provided at the Portage la Prairie railway station.This station was designated a historic site in 1992.
 Zion—St. Mark's Evangelical Lutheran Church formerly known as Deutsche Evangelische Kirche von Yorkville and Zion Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 339—341 East 84th Street in Yorkville Manhattan New York City.
 The Church of SS. Claudius and Andrew of the Burgundians (Italian: Santi Claudio e Andrea dei Borgognoni French: Saints-Claude-et-André-des-Bourguignons) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Claudius of Besançon and the apostle Saint Andrew. It is one of the national churches in Rome dedicated to France (Free County of Burgundy). Built from 1728 to 1730 the church was designed by French architect Antoine Dérizet.
 The Benedictine Priory of St Nicholas or just St Nicholas Priory was a Benedictine monastery founded in Exeter England in 1087. At the dissolution of the monasteries the church and chapter house range were pulled down but the domestic buildings were left intact. Parts of the south and west ranges of the monastery survive with the south range now being a museum owned by Exeter City Council.
 The Petersen House is a 19th-century federal style rowhouse located at 516 10th Street NW in Washington D.C. On April 15 1865 United States President Abraham Lincoln died there after being shot the previous evening at Ford's Theatre which was located across the street. The house was built in 1849 by William A. Petersen a German tailor.
 The Bigelow Carpet Company Woolen Mills are a historic mill complex on Main Street in Clinton Massachusetts. The sprawling mill complex was built beginning 1864 for the Bigelow Carpet Company established in 1849 and a leading innovator in the development of power looms. The main building is a large three story brick building with Italianate detailing.The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mixer Tavern is a historic tavern at 14 Westford Road in Ashford Connecticut.It was built in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Upham Hall is a building on the Miami University campus in Oxford Ohio. It is located in the center of campus in the academic quad near the university’s seal and the hub.Miami University was founded in 1809 and the first class graduated in 1824.
 The Wentworth-Gardner House is a historic late-Georgian house located at 140 Mechanic Street in Portsmouth New Hampshire.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.The house is operated as a museum by the Wentworth-Gardner and Tobias Lear Houses Association.
 The i-Rise is a 37-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates.Construction of the i-Rise started in 2007 and was originally expected to be completed in 2009. In 2010 a completion date of November 29 2010 was given but the actual completion certificate was received in May 2011.
 The Weller House at 524 Stewart St. in Fort Bragg California is a historic Victorian house that is now a bed & breakfast.Built in Fort Bragg for Horace Weller in 1886 the Weller House is the oldest existing house in the city. Expanded a year later it came to include three stories with 10 rooms including a 900 square feet (84 m2) ballroom.It has a total area of 10000 square feet (930 m2).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Anshe Emet Synagogue is a Conservative synagogue located in the Lakeview neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. It is one of the oldest congregations in Chicago.
 Senty Church (Russian: Сентинский храм) is a Byzantine-style limestone church situated in the Greater Caucasus on the left bank of the Teberda River near the village of Nizhnyaya Teberda 18 km south of Karachaevsk Karachay–Cherkessia Russian Federation. The diminutive building about ten meters in height is notable as one of the earliest churches in Russia.
 The Cove Creek Bridge in Corley Arkansas was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It is a reinforced concrete arch faced with stone.
 Evolution on Gardiner is the tallest building in Darwin. It is located on the eastern part of the Darwin CBD on Knuckey Street. The roof of the tower is 100 metres above ground reaching Darwin's maximum height limit of 120 meters above sea level. The project was designed by architectural firm Burling Brown Architects and was built by Darwin-based Sunbuild.The building will contain five commercial suites on the ground floor 104 apartments and two penthouse units.
 St. James Church in South Greenough Western Australia was built in 1872. It was listed as a historic building in 2010.
 Wilmington Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1927 based on a Spanish Colonial Revival design by architect W.E. McAllister.In 1987 the Wilmington Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission.
 The Grand Opera House also known as the Janey Slaughter Briscoe Grand Opera House is a historic theater in Uvalde Texas. Built in 1891 it became a premier arts venue in Southwest Texas for plays musicals and cultural performances. The Opera house is the oldest functioning theater in the state of Texas and presents plays and concerts by local and touring companies. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 22 1978.
 Briarhurst also known as William A. Bell House is a finely grained pink Victorian sandstone manor house in Manitou Springs Colorado. Construction began in 1872 on Briarhurst Manor. Dr. William Bell left for England to marry a woman named Cara who agreed to live with Bell in Colorado as long as her children were born in England. The Tudor Revival style home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Peace College Main Building is the focal point of the Peace College campus in Raleigh North Carolina. Built between 1859 and 1862 Main Building is located at the northern end of Wilmington Street in downtown Raleigh and is considered one of the largest antebellum buildings surviving in the city. During its early history Main Building was used as a military hospital and offices for the Freedmen's Bureau. The building now contains offices parlors banquet rooms and dormitory residences.
 Loen Church (Norwegian: Loen kyrkje or Lokyrkja) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Loen. The church is part of the Loen parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white octagonal wooden church was built in 1838. It seats about 190 people. The church was consecrated on 9 September 1838.
 The Darke County Courthouse Sheriff's House and Jail are three historic buildings located at 504 South Broadway just south of West 4th Street in Greenville Ohio. On December 12 1976 the three buildings of the present courthouse complex were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 DUO (Chinese: 双景坊) is a contemporary twin-tower integrated mixed-use development (comprising residential accommodation offices a hotel and a retail gallery) located on a site bordered by Ophir Road Rochor Road and Beach Road in Singapore.Designed by architect Ole Scheeren and scheduled for completion in 2017.DUO will be directly connected to the Bugis MRT station served by the East West Line and Downtown Line via underground pedestrian linkways providing easy access to the Central Business District Marina Bay and major shopping dining and entertainment areas at Orchard Road and the Singapore River.
 Col. William H. Sinclair was a president of the Galveston street car company. In 1882 he led the effort to build the Beach Hotel in Galveston in an attempt to increase tourism in the city. Designed by architect Nicholas J. Clayton the hotel cost nearly $260000 had 200 rooms and 18-foot-wide verandas (5.5 m).
 The Elks Temple in Boise Idaho was built in 1914 in Italian Palazzo Style. It has served as a clubhouse of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks (Elks) organization. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Glidden-Austin Block is located in Newcastle Maine. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1975.
 St Cristiolus's Church Llangristiolus is a medieval church near the village of Llangristiolus in Anglesey north Wales. The village about 1 mile (1.6 km) from the building takes its name from the church. Reputedly founded by St Cristiolus in 610 the present building dates from the 12th and 13th centuries.
 The Comly Rich House is a historic house in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania notable as the first home in the United States financed by a savings and loan association the Oxford Provident Building Society founded 1831.
 Graz Cathedral (German: Grazer Dom) is the cathedral church in the Austrian city of Graz dedicated to Saint Giles. It is the seat of the bishop of the Steiermark diocese called the Diocese of Graz-Seckau. The church was built in 1438-62 by Friederick III in the Gothic architecture. Nearby is Mausoleum of Emperor Ferdinand II.
 Allenville Mill Storehouse (also known as Company Storehouse or Allenville) is an historic mill storehouse at 5 Esmond Street in Esmond Rhode Island within the town of Smithfield Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1813 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 as building number 72000033.
 Eden Center is a Vietnamese American strip mall located near the crossroads of Seven Corners in the City of Falls Church Virginia. The City's Economic Development commission considers it the #1 Tourist Destination in the City. The center is home to 120+ shops restaurants and businesses catering to the extensive Asian American especially the Vietnamese-American population.
 Starr Clark Tin Shop is a historic commercial building located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It is a two-story wood-framed vernacular building built about 1827 with Federal details. The tin shop measures 24 feet 4 inches (7.42 m) wide and 32 feet (9.8 m) deep with a 24-foot-4-inch-wide by 25-foot-8-inch-deep (7.42 m by 7.82 m) rear wing.
 Art in Perpetuity Trust also known as APT is a London-based charity focusing on developing visual arts. It comprises 37 studios for visual artists and a gallery in Deptford.
 The Demopolis Public School is a historic public school building in the city of Demopolis Alabama. It was designed by architect Frank Lockwood in the Beaux-Arts style and was completed in 1914. The new two-story brick building replaced an earlier two-story Queen Anne style wood-frame structure that was built in 1889 and burned in 1913. The contractors for the new building were J.T. Clancy and W.M. Neely.
 St Andrew's Church Sedbergh is in Main Street Sedbergh Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mark Cautley and St John the Baptist Garsdale to form the benefice of Sedbergh Cautley and Garsdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Heron also known as Milton Court is a 36-storey residential skyscraper under construction in London. As of January 2013 the building has been topped out to its full height of 112 m (367 ft). It is being developed by Heron International.Construction on the building began in 2010 and was scheduled for completion in late 2013.
 Kibuli Hospital sometimes referred to as Kibuli Muslim Hospital (KMH) is a hospital in on Kibuli Hill in Kampala Uganda's capital and largest city.
 The Gros Cap Cemetery once known as the Western Cemetery is a cemetery located southeast of Gros Cap Michigan on US 2. It is one of the oldest cemeteries in the United States to be continuously used and a portion is contained in the Gros Cap Archaeological District. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1970 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Alpheus Mead House is an historic house at 2200 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts USA. Built in the mid-1860s this 2.5 story Second Empire house is one of just a few such houses to survive along Massachusetts Avenue. The house has retained its elaborately decorated porch and its projecting bracketed cornice.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Soldiers' Home Reef also known as Rocky Point National Military Asylum Reef or Veterans' Hillis a National Historic Landmark in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was discovered by Increase A. Lapham. It and other reefs that he discovered are the first ancient reefs described in North America and are among the first described in the world.It is located northeast of the junction of Wood Ave. and General Mitchell Blvd. on the Clement J.
 The Arshakid Kings Mausoleum and Basilica (Armenian: Արշակունիների դամբարան; also Tomb of the Arshakid Kings or Arshakuni Tomb) is a grave monument complex that sits along a gorge overlooking the Amberd River and is located in the center of the village of Aghtsk in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is best known for the mausoleum that once contained the remains of both Christian and pagan kings of the Arshakid dynasty of Armenia.
 The Confederate Memorial includes a 6-foot-tall (1.8 m) Confederate soldier statue atop an arch anchored in the Fulton Kentucky Fairview Cemetery. Funded in 1902 by the Colonel Ed Crossland Chapter No. 347 of the United Daughters of the Confederacy the historic monument is the only such monument in Kentucky to feature an arched base made of rough-hewn limestone.
 Shore Cottage also known as the Lawrence Grant White and Laura Chanler White Estate is a national historic district located at Head of the Harbor in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with two contributing buildings. The estate house was designed in 1913 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular block clad in stucco under a gable slate roof. It was the summer home of the Lawrence Grant White family; he was a son of Stanford White.
 The Old Headquarters Area at Devils Tower National Monument includes three structures and their surroundings including the old headquarters building the custodian's house and the fire hose house. The buildings are all designed in the National Park Service Rustic style.Funded as an Emergency Conservation Works project and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935 the old administration building was used as the monument's headquarters and museum until 1959.
 Glenview Historic District is a neighborhood in Memphis Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district in 1999. The neighborhood is between South Memphis and Midtown and bounded by the Illinois Central Railroad on the west Lamar Ave on the east Southern Ave on the north and South Parkway on the south. Glenview was one of several suburban residential subdivisions in Memphis that were created during a building boom in the early 20th century.
 The University Medical Center Freiburg (Universitätsklinikum Freiburg) in Freiburg Germany is the teaching hospital and part of the medical research unit of the University of Freiburg and home to its Faculty of Medicine. The medical center is one of the largest and most reputable in Europe due to its extensive clinical capabilities and advances in research.
 St Elizabeth Mission Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Lusikisiki Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church and the oldest surviving religious structure in Put-in-Bay Ohio. It is located at Catawba Ave and Lakeview Dr. Episcopal Church (United States).
 The Church of St Thomas the Martyr is located in School Lane Upholland Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Moses Merrill Mission also known as the Oto Mission was located about eight miles west of Bellevue Nebraska. It was built and occupied by Moses and Eliza Wilcox Merrill the first missionaries resident in Nebraska. The first building was part of facilities built in 1835 when the United States Government removed the Otoe about eight miles southwest of Bellevue.
 The General Post Office in Jurišićeva Street Zagreb is the headquarters of the Croatian Post the national postal service of Croatia. Built in 1904 in the Hungarian Secession style the Post Office housed mail parcel telegraph and telephone services and equipment. Today it is a protected cultural monument.
 Bethania Historic District is a historic district in North Carolina and remains a rare example of a Germanic-type linear agricultural village in the United States a product of intensive historic Moravian community planning and development. The first planned Moravian settlement in Wachovia North Carolina Bethania was founded 12 June 1759.Bethania North Carolina was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001 and exists as the largest National Historic Landmark district in Forsyth County North Carolina spanning across 500 acres (2.0 km2).Bethania and its properties are listed in the National Register of Historic Places and in the North Carolina State Historic Register of Places.
 Victoria Masonic Temple in Colombo Sri Lanka is the meeting place for the Masonic Lodges in the Colombo area. It was built in 1901 during British rule. It was designed by E. Skinner an associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects and built by the Colombo Commercial Company. The building was built in neo-Georgian style mixed with elements of Eastern architecture.
 Ashland is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story hip-roofed frame dwelling with fine Victorian Italianate decorative detail. It was built in 1866-1867 by William Beanes Hill of Compton Bassett for his son William Murdock Hill. The house has been continuously associated with the prominent Hill family. Ashland is one of only a few significant frame dwellings of the Italianate style which survive in the county.
 George Meade School is a historic school building located in the North Central neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1936. It is a three-story 11 bay yellow brick building in a Moderne-style. It has a four-story five bay addition. It features rounded corners ribbon bands of windows and low relief Greek figures. It was named for General George Meade (1815-1872).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Cider Museum (Spanish: Museo de la Sidra) is located in the Plaza del Príncipe de Asturias in Nava Asturias Spain. Opened in 1996 by Prince Philip it is a themed museum that showcases Asturian national drink cider. The museum is a member of the Ethnographic Museums Network of Asturias.Interactive exhibits cover the entire process of cider creation from growing apples through pressing fermenting bottling to consumptionof this alcoholic beverage.
 The Olive Jeanette is a twenty-four foot cypress vessel built in 1926 by Lutcher and Moore Cypress Lumber Company. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 3 1991.
 Smith Mansion is located in Moorestown Township Burlington County New Jersey United States. The mansion was built in 1738 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 22 1976.
 St. Peter's and St. Joseph's Catholic Churches are on a site in Oconto Wisconsin United States. The churches were built in 1895. On November 10 1980 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Chekhov Gymnasium in Taganrog on Ulitsa Oktyabrskaya 9 (formerly Gymnasicheskaya Street) is the oldest gymnasium in the South of Russia. Playwright and short-story writer Anton Chekhov spent 11 years in the school which was later named after him and transformed into a literary museum. Visitors can see Anton's desk and his classroom the assembly hall and even the punishment cell which he sometimes visited.
 The Château de Rochemont was built in the late 18th century in Ruffosses near Saussemesnil Normandy France by ancestors of the De Mondesir family (who owned the property in the 20th century) who managed to hold onto their property despite the French Revolution due to their support for it.
 The Old Quaker Meeting House is a historic Quaker house of worship located at 137-16 Northern Boulevard in Flushing Queens New York. It is part of Flushing Monthly Meeting.The site built in 1694 is the oldest house of worship in New York City one of the three oldest continuously active sites of religious activity in North America and the second oldest Quaker meeting house in the nation.
 The 3D Center of Art and Photography is an American nonprofit educational institution in Portland Oregon that opened in 2003. It was the first museum in the United States dedicated to stereoscopy. From 2003 to 2011 the Center was located in a small leased storefront on NW Lovejoy Street that presented exhibits open to the public. The Center closed its doors to the public on December 31 2011 due to poor economic conditions and increased rent on its leased premises.
 HM Prison Hindley is a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Bickershaw (near Wigan) in Greater Manchester England. Hindley is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Cathedral of St Vincent de Paul is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Tunis. Dedicated to Saint Vincent de Paul patron saint of charity the cathedral is the see of the Archdiocese of Tunis. It is situated in the Place de l'Indépendence in the Ville Nouvelle a crossroads between Avenue Habib Bourguiba and Avenue de France opposite the French embassy.The church was built in a mixture of styles including Moorish revival Gothic revival and Neo-Byzantine.
 St Michael's Church Pennington is located in the village of Pennington Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Holy Trinity Bardsea and St Peter Lindal and Marton. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Kanata Centrum is a shopping area in Kanata region of Ottawa. OC Transpo bus routes that pass near this area are route 96 and route 118 as well as local routes 161 164 and 168. It is located at 300 Earl Grey Drive.
 York Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 134 West Philadelphia Street in York York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1766 and expanded in 1783. The original building was a two-bay brick structure with a gable roof. The addition nearly doubled the building. It is a two-bay brick structure with another entrance and window. The meeting house is still used for regular worship services.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Hvidøre House (Danish: Hvidøre Slot) is a former country house at Klampenborg just south of Bellevue Beach on the Øresund coast north of Copenhagen Denmark. It is most known for serving as the home of Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia who was the daughter of King Christian IX after she was exiled by the Russian Revolution in 1917. It now serves as a conference and training venue for the Novo Group.
 Stone County Courthouse in Galena Missouri was built in 1920 in a Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 39 Conduit Road is a residential property situated in Conduit Road in western mid-Levels of Hong Kong. It is a prestige development by Henderson Land Development.Soon after the development was launched in October 2009 the developer claimed to have sold a five-bedroom duplex flat on the 68th floor of the 46-storey building for HK$439 million (US$57m).
 The Massachusetts Historical Society is a major historical archive specializing in early American Massachusetts and New England history. It is located at 1154 Boylston Street in Boston Massachusetts and is the oldest historical society in the United States having been established in 1791.The Society's building was constructed in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966. It is a National Historic Landmark.
 The Church of St. Roch is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 602 Port Richmond Avenue Staten Island New York City. It was established in 1922. It is sometimes confused with St. Roch Church in the Bronx established in 1899.
 Hotel Bond is a historic hotel built in two stages in 1913 and 1921 in Downtown Hartford Connecticut by hotelier Harry S. Bond. It is located near Bushnell Park and was considered the grandest hotel in Hartford during its heyday. The second section is a 12 story building attached to the 6 story first section. A Statler Hotel opened in the area in 1954 creating competition and the Bond Hotel company declared bankruptcy shortly after that.
 The Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital is the premier health care facility in Ghana. It is the only tertiary hospital in the southern part of Ghana. It is a teaching hospital affiliated with the medical school of the University of Ghana. Three centres of excellence the National Cardiothoracic Centre the National Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and the Radiotherapy Centre are all part of it.
 St Lawrence's Church Stoak is located in the village of Stoak Cheshire England (which lies between the intersection of the M56 and M53 motorways and the Shropshire Union Canal). The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester the deanery of Wirral South and the Ellesmere Port team ministry.
 Glassell Park Elementary School is an elementary school listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is located at 2211 W. Avenue 30 in the Glassell Park neighborhood of Los Angeles California. It is a PK-6 active school. The principal is Ms. Jumie Sugahara.
 Newport Masonic Hall is historic building located at Newport New Castle County Delaware. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Armstrong Lodge No. 26 A. F. & A. M. it was built in 1913 and consists of a two-story five bay rectangular brick main block with a long one-story rectangular rear wing to form a 'T'-plan. A large arch-roofed brick addition was built in 1958. The building is in a restrained Colonial Revival style. The main block has a gable roof.
 William Lawrence House is a historic located house at 101 Somerset Avenue in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1860 by local carpenter Abel Burt for William Lawrence a salesman.The house contains a unique mix of Italianate elements such as its square plan large cupola and bracketed eaves combined with Second Empire elements such as its unusual Mansard roof with ogee curve sides and pronounced dormers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Riviera is an historic site at 270 Huntington Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 St Mildred Poultry was a parish church in the Cheap ward of the City of London. It was rebuilt after the Great Fire of London and demolished in 1872. St Mildred in the Poultry was the burial place of the writer Thomas Tusser. Some description of the church and its monuments is given in John Stow's Survey of London.
 The Park Avenue Houses in New York City were built in 1909. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Park Avenue Houses are listed together on the National Register of Historic Places and individually on the New York City Landmark Preservation Commission registry. They are680 Park Avenue - Percy R. Pyne House (now the Americas Society)684 Park Avenue - Oliver D.
 Enlarged Double Lock No. 33 Old Erie Canal is a historic Erie canal lock located at St. Johnsville in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1824 and enlarged in 1840. The south lock was enlarged in 1888. It is built entirely of large cut limestone blocks mortared with hydraulic cement. Lock 33 fell into disuse after the opening of the New York State Barge Canal in 1918.
 Newcastle City Library (also known as the Charles Avison Building) is a library in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne United Kingdom. Completed on 3 March 2009 the building opened on 7 June 2009 and is the city's main public library. The main feature of the building is a long 'glass box' forming the eastern side of the steel frame structure.
 Begun in 1882 Camp Wild Air was the first permanent camp on Upper Saint Regis Lake in the town of Brighton Franklin County in New York's Adirondacks. The camp was built by New York Herald Tribune publisher Whitelaw Reid on a 29-acre (12 ha) peninsula accessible only by water. It presently consists of 12 buildings 10 of which were built before 1931.The camp was originally designed by Reid's niece Ella Spencer Reid who also named the camp.
 The Lapeer County Courthouse is a county courthouse located on Courthouse Square along West Nepissing Street in the city of Lapeer in Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site on September 17 1957 and later added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 3 1971.
 The Joseph Giraud House at 442 Flint St. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic house that was designed by prominent Nevada architect Frederick DeLongchamps and was built in 1914. Also known as the Hardy House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with sheeprancher Joseph Giraud and businessman Roy Hardy.
 Walnut Grove Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Farmington Arkansas.The church as a congregation was founded in 1856 (1856). The current church building was built in 1903.According to historians the church remains one of the finest examples of the Romanesque Revival in all of Washington County. Though the large round arched windows lack the three-dimensionality of the work of the architect who introduced this style to America H. H.
 The Havens-Page House also known as the T. C. Havens House is a historic house built between 1900 and 1924 at 101 North 39th Street in the Gold Coast Historic District of Omaha Nebraska. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 this home is remarkable for its classical Georgian Revival architecture.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Florence (FCC Florence) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Colorado. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice and consists of three facilities: Federal Correctional Institution Florence (FCI Florence): a medium-security facility. United States Penitentiary Florence High (USP Florence High): a high-security facility.
 Richard Brick House is located in Salem Salem County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1976.
 The Savoia Excelsior Palace is a 4 star hotel in Trieste Italy owned by the Starhotels group. The hotel is located close to Piazza Unità d'Italia overlooking the Gulf of Trieste and has 142 rooms (including suites and apartments). The hotel has a bar Le Rive and a restaurant The Savoy which seats up to 150 people. The hotel’s conference centre has 9 meeting rooms which can seat up to 650 people in total. The hotel was used as a venue for part of the 2009 G8 summit meeting.
 W. Casperson House is a historic home located at St. Georges New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1835 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick dwelling with a center hall plan. It has low two-story wing. Both sections have a gable roof with dormers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Somerset State Hospital was a Pennsylvania State Mental Health Hospital located outside Somerset about 70 miles east of Pittsburgh. The hospital closed in 1995 was converted into a minimum-security correctional facility housing older males with geriatric/mentally challenging issues.
 Castle Hill refers to either a 165-acre (67 ha) drumlin surrounded by sea and salt marsh or to the mansion that sits on the hill. Both are part of the 2100-acre (850 ha) Crane Estate located in Ipswich Massachusetts. The former summer home of Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Crane Jr. the estate includes a historic mansion 21 outbuildings and designed landscapes overlooking Ipswich Bay on the seacoast off Route 1 north of Boston.
 The Coal House in Williamson West Virginia is a unique building built of coal masonry. The bituminous coal was quarried as blocks and dressed as stone using 65 tons of coal from the nearby Winifrede Seam. At the time of its construction it was the only coal building in West Virginia. The house was designed by architect Hassell T. Hicks of Welch West Virginia and supervised by D.M. Goode. The coal masonry was varnished for weather-resistance.
 Liverpool Interlomas is a branch of the Liverpool department store chain in the Paseo Interlomas shopping mall in the Interlomas neighborhood of Huixquilucan Greater Mexico City. The structure was designed by Rojkind Arquitectos. The building also houses a 16-screen Cinepolis cinema an ice rink 12 restaurants and a food court with 180 vendors.The building gained the nickname El OVNI (the UFO) for its shape.
 Belaire Apartments (also known as the Belaire Condominiums and The Belaire) is a mixed-use high-rise condominium apartment building in Manhattan New York City. The 42-story building is located at 524 East 72nd Street between York Avenue and the FDR Drive. It has 183 condominium apartments a health club parking garage and swimming pool. The first twenty-one floors are used by the Hospital for Special Surgery The building has prominent views overlooking the East River.
 The House at 8 Park Street also known as the Dr. Joseph Poland House is a historic house at 8 Park Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1852 for Dr. Joseph Poland who only briefly practiced in the town. The house is in a vernacular Italianate style with a two story ell on the rear and a porch on the right side. The house has elongated windows with entablatured surrounds.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Plumbush is the former house and farm of Robert Parker Parrott the inventor of the Parrott gun. It is located at the junction of NY 9D and Peekshill Road south of Cold Spring New York United States.It was built for Parrott by local architect George Edward Harney in 1865 when he had taken over as superintendent of the nearby West Point Foundry. It is today a bed and breakfast and restaurant.
 Roberts County Courthouse in Sisseton South Dakota was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Prince Hall Masonic Temple built in 1922 is an historic Prince Hall Masonic building located at 1000 U Street NW in Washington D.C. The Grand Lodge serves as home to the MWPGM Roland D. Williams Center for Masonic Excellence
 Indian Mound Mall is a shopping center located in Heath Ohio. It opened in 1986. Its current anchors are Elder-Beerman J. C. Penney and Sears.
 The Westin Grand Vancouver is a hotel in Vancouver Canada. It is located in the Yaletown neighbourhood at the intersection of Homer Street and Robson Street. The hotel's facilities include 6 meeting rooms a fitness centre and outdoor saltwater pool and hot tub. The hotel is also home to Hidden Tasting Bar & Social Lounge a 50-seat restaurant located on the second floor.
 The Thomas Gould Jr. House is a historic house built in 1924 in Ventura California. The California bungalow was designed by Henry Mather Greene in the American Craftsman style.The historic residence was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Rockland is the home of Virginia's Rust family near Leesburg Virginia. The property was acquired by General George Rust from the heirs of Colonel Burgess Ball in 1817. General Rust built the present brick residence about 1822 incorporating an older frame house as a rear service wing. General Rust was involved in the Baltimore area during the War of 1812 and was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates in 1818-1819 and 1820-1823.
 Tanglewood Mall is a shopping mall in southwest Roanoke County Virginia. It originally opened for business March 28 1973. The mall is currently managed by Urban Retail Properties.Tanglewood Mall is located at the intersection of US 220 and Route 419. The Roy L. Weber Expressway's southern terminus is the exit with 419.
 Ortiz House in Yuma Arizona was built in 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Torre del Caballito is a skyscraper located on the Paseo de la Reforma #10 at the Cuauhtemoc delegation in Mexico City. It was designed by Grupo Posadas de Mexico. It is 135 metres (443 feet) and 35 storeys tall. 33 of the floors are used as office space which measures 60000 square meters. It also has 15 underground parking levels. The building's total area is 131000 square meters.The building houses the offices of MPs and senators.
 The S.A. Hall House is an historic house located at 147 North Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 story wood frame house was built c. 1890 for S. Alonzo Hall publisher of the Uxbridge Compendium. The house is one of Uxbridge's finest Queen Anne houses with decorative shingle work and a three story square tower topped by a pyramidal roof.On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eastover is a historic site in Manalapan Florida. It is located at 1100 South Ocean Boulevard. On December 23 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Acres also known as Galesburg Country Homes is a naturalistic residentialsubdivision designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in Charleston Township Michigan. Established as a co-op in 1949 by a group of scientists from the Upjohn pharmaceutical company the district contains four Wright designed Usonian homes and the Güntherand Anne Fonken House designed by Taliesin School fellow Francis Will Willsey.
 The Parlange Plantation built about 1750 in southeastern Louisiana is a classic example of a large French Colonial plantation house in the United States. Exemplifying the style of the semitropical Louisiana country house the Parlange Plantation House is a two-story raised cottage. The main floor is set on a brick basement with brick pillars to support the veranda of the second story. The raised basement is of brick manufactured by slaves on the plantation.
 The Illawarra Light Railway Museum operates a mainline 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge light railway a miniature 7 1⁄4 in (184 mm) gauge railway and a museum located near Albion Park Rail near Wollongong south of Sydney New South Wales
 The Marie Clare Dessaint House is located on the northwest side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italian Villa style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Fubonn Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Portland Oregon. The mall claims to be the largest Asian mall in Oregon and lists 29 stores as tenants in November 2011. The mall is located at SE 82nd Avenue and SE Woodward Street. It is anchored by the Fubonn Supermarket a large Asian grocery and housewares store. The Oregonian calls it the eastside's answer to Uwajimaya.The mall was opened in 2006 by owner President and CEO Michael Liu.
 The John Ross House in Rossville Georgia was the home of Cherokee Nation leader John Ross from 1830-1838 after his lands and fine home near the Coosa River had been taken by the state.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 For other churches with this name please see Christ Church (disambiguation)Christ Church at Zero Garden Street in Cambridge Massachusetts U.S.A. is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts and is a National Historic Landmark.
 Buchanan County Court House in Independence Iowa United States was built in 1940. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as a part of the PWA-Era County Courthouses of IA Multiple Properties Submission. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Vienna and Earl Apartment Buildings are 1907 Neo-Classical Revival residences designed by Carl P. Waldon located in Saint Paul Minnesota. They are Registered Historic Places.
 Surp Hovhannes (Armenian: Սուրբ ՅովհաննԷս Եկեղեցի; meaning Saint John) or Voskevaz Church (Armenian: Ոսկեվազ եկեղեցի) is a 7th- to 12th-century basilica located in the village of Voskevaz in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.
 St. Wilfrid's Church South Muskham is a parish church in the Church of England in South Muskham Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Justus Lipsius building is a building in Brussels (Belgium) that has been the headquarters of the Council of the European Union since 1995. Unlike the European Parliament visiting is restricted. However meetings are now broadcast on the internet and tours are possible on the annual open day.
 Old Salem is a historic district of Winston-Salem North Carolina. It features a living history museum (operated by the non-profit Old Salem Museums & Gardens organized as Old Salem Inc.) that interprets the restored Moravian community. The non-profit organization began its work in 1950 although some private residents had restored buildings earlier. As the Old Salem Historic District it was declared a National Historic Landmark (NHL) in 1966.
 The Uptown Residences is a condominium tower built by developer Pemberton Group in Toronto Ontario Canada.Located at 35 Balmuto Street south of Bloor Street the 48 floor tower is 158 metres tall and has 284 units. It stands on the site of the former Uptown Theatre and was designed by Burka Varacalli Architects Incorporated. While its setbacks evoke Art Deco skyscraper architecture of the 1930s its facade of precast concrete cladding and rectangular windows is mostly unadorned.
 Poundisford Park north of Pitminster Somerset England is an English country house that typifies progressive house-building on the part of the West Country gentry in the mid-16th century. The main house was built for William Hill around 1550 and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.In addition to several buildings the park contains formal gardens which were originally laid out in the 17th century set within a medieval deer park.
 The Saint Paul Manor Apartments is an apartment building located at 356 East Grand Boulevard in Detroit Michigan in the East Grand Boulevard Historic District. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 A sandwich bar is a restaurant or take-away food shop that primarily sells sandwiches. Some sandwich bars also offer other types of fare such soups grilled foods. and meals.A sandwich bar can also be to a self-service area with foods for preparing sandwiches.
 Dia:Beacon Riggio Galleries is the museum for the Dia Art Foundation's collection of art from the 1960s to the present. The museum which opened in 2003 is situated on the banks of the Hudson River in Beacon New York. Dia:Beacon occupies a former Nabisco box-printing facility that was renovated by Dia with artist Robert Irwin and architects Alan Koch Lyn Rice Galia Solomonoff and Linda Taalman then of OpenOffice.
 The Searles Castle is a romantically imagined castle-style house in Great Barrington Massachusetts. Built in the 1880s and in the French chateau-style it has seven stories and includes a dungeon basement. There are 40 rooms containing 54246 square feet (5039.6 m2) of floor space as well as 36 fireplaces. It was commissioned in 1888 by Mary Hopkins widow of railroad millionaire Mark Hopkins.
 All Saints Church Thelwall is in the village of Thelwall Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
 Château de Lacaze is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 14th century.
 De Swaen is a former restaurant located in Oisterwijk Netherlands. The fine dining restaurant under the leadership of head chef Cas Spijkers was awarded one or more Michelin stars. In the period 1984-1991 it was awarded 2 Michelin stars. The restaurant was awarded one star in the periods 1981-1983 1992-1998 and 2002-2003.
 The John and Elizabeth Shaw Sundy House is a historic home in Delray Beach Florida United States. It is located at 106 South Swinton Avenue. On January 16 1992 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St. David's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 834 Louisa Street in Rayville Louisiana.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Smith-Giltinan House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a three story dwelling with an asymmetrical plan. It was built about 1888 and many of its details are in the Queen Anne style. It features an asymmetrical plan projecting bays varied materials and textures and elaborate porch details. The house is six bays wide by six bays deep and the roof is basically a steeply pitched hip shape covered with asphalt shingles.
 St. John's Seminary in Wonersh Guildford in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arundel and Brighton United Kingdom is the principal seminary for the Archdiocese of Southwark and the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
 Hearst Castle is a National and California Historical Landmark mansion located on the Central Coast of California United States. It was designed by architect Julia Morgan between 1919 and 1947 for newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst who died in 1951. The Hearst Corporation donated the property to the state of California in 1957.
 Mountain Fire Lookout Tower is a fire lookout tower in Oconto County Wisconsin United States.It is the eighth property featured in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.It is located on Forest Service Rd. 2335 (Tower Rd.) Lakewood Ranger District Nicolet National Forest in Riverview Wisconsin.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 19 August 2008.
 The Curtis House also known as the Howze-Culpepper House is a historic house in Demopolis Alabama United States. It is a brick structure that was built in 1840 by Samuel Curtis a Revolutionary War veteran who was born in Queen Anne's County Maryland in 1751 and died in Marengo County Alabama in 1846. The house was built in the Federal style with the later addition of a Greek Revival influenced portico. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 11 April 1977.
 City Point National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the community of City Point within the city of Hopewell Virginia. It encompasses 6.7 acres (2.7 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 6909 interments. It is administered by Hampton National Cemetery.
 Glady Presbyterian Church and Manse is a historic Presbyterian church and parsonage at the junction of Randolph Ave. and 1st Street in Glady Randolph County West Virginia. The church was built in 1905 and is a Late Gothic Revival style building. It sits on a stone pier foundation has wood drop siding and a standing seam metal front gable roof with exposed curved rafter ends under the eaves. It features a pyramidal steeple.
 The Grote (big) of Andreaskerk (St. Andrew's church) is the oldest church building of Hattem.[citation needed] It is situated in the city's centre.
 Riverside Historic District also known as Riverside Landscape Architecture District is a site significant for its status as one of the first planned communities in the United States. The district encompasses the majority of the Village of Riverside.
 The Mount Pleasant House is a house built in 1876 by William Hayes Perry in Boyle Heights and later relocated to the Heritage Square Museum in the Montecito Heights section of Los Angeles California. The house was designed by Ezra F. Kysor in the Italianate Victorian architecture style. In 1976 the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Guenther & Handel's Block is a historic commercial block at 7—9 Stockbridge Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It is one of the oldest commercial buildings in downtown Springfield. The Greek Revival style block was constructed in 1845 for Elam Stockbridge who laid out and began to develop Stockbridge Street in 1839. In the 1880s the ground floor business was a grocery shop which in 1913 was acquired and operated by Emil Guenther and his brother-in-law Richard Handel.
 Holy Virgin Mary Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: Ϯⲉⲕ'ⲕⲗⲏⲥⲓⲁ ⳿ⲛⲣⲉⲙ⳿ⲛⲭⲏⲙⲓ ⳿ⲛⲟⲣⲑⲟⲇⲟⲝⲟⲥ ⳿ⲛⲧⲉ Ϯⲡⲁⲣⲑⲉⲛⲟⲥ ⲉⲑⲟⲩⲁⲃ Ⲙⲁⲣⲓⲁ // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente ti.parthenos ethowab Maria) is the second oldest Coptic Orthodox church that was established in Los Angeles and one of the largest Coptic parishes in California. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the US.
 The Bettie Hunter House is a historic African American residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was the residence of Bettie Hunter a former slave who grew wealthy from a successful hack and carriage business she operated in Mobile with her brother Henry. The fall of New Orleans during the American Civil War had made Mobile the South's only major port on the Gulf of Mexico.
 Camp Kiwanee Historic District is an historic district on 1 Camp Kiwanee Road in Hanson Massachusetts.The camp was founded in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Palmer Woods Historic District is a residential historic district bounded by Seven Mile Road Woodward Avenue and Strathcona Drive in Detroit Michigan. There are approximately 289 homes in the 188-acre (0.76 km2) district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Detroit Golf Club is nearby.
 Heilman Villas are located at the corner of Seventh Street and Orange Avenue in Coronado California and consist of 10 standalone bungalows and one 2-story duplex. The duplex and 6 of the bungalows face a central courtyard which faces Orange Ave. The other 4 bungalows face 7th St.Heilman Villas was built for Robert and Lillian Heilman. Later the complex was known as DeCoby Court and Hollander Court. In 1952 it became the Coromar Motel.
 The New York Korean Cultural Center is a Korean Language and Cultural Exchange Center in New York City. The center offers different classes and events for visitors including: Korean Language classes films performing arts music art exhibitions lectures traditional arts and crafts classes cooking classes tourism promotion sports and recreational activities and a multimedia library.
 St Mary the Virgin Mortlake is a parish church in Mortlake in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It is part of the Church of England and the Anglican Communion. The rector is The Revd Canon Dr Ann Nickson.The building on Mortlake High Street London SW14 dates from 1543 and is Grade II* listed.
 The Packinghouse Christian Fellowship is a Christian church located in Redlands California. It was established in 1979. The fellowship also includes a Christian school called Packinghouse Christian Academy. The church's former name was Calvary Chapel Redlands with its first pastor being Don McClure.The senior pastor of the church is Ed Rea.
 Holly Grove Plantation House was built ca. 1832 by Noel and Jane Killingsworth near Red Lick Mississippi and dismantled and reconstructed 70 miles (110 km) to the north in Hinds County Mississippi in 1990.
 Public School 65K is a historic school building located in Cypress Hills Brooklyn New York New York. It was originally built in 1870 and significantly expanded in 1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a two story brick building on a stone base in the Romanesque Revival style. It features a slightly projecting central tower and terra cotta decorative details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (Portuguese: Sé Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Assunção) in Sé Funchal Madeira Portugal is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Funchal which encompasses all of the Autonomous Region of Madeira. The late fifteenth-century cathedral is one of the few structures that survives virtually intact since the early period of colonization of Madeira. The patron of the cathedral is Our Lady of the Assumption (Portuguese: Nossa Senhora da Assunção.)
 Engine House No. 34 is a historic fire station at 444 Western Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The engine house was designed in 1887 by Charles Bateman and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Cardinal Glennon Children’s Medical Center is a not-for-profit 195-bed inpatient and outpatient pediatric medical center. As the nation’s only free-standing Catholic children’s hospital Cardinal Glennon has provided care for children regardless of ability to pay since 1956. Cardinal Glennon primarily serves children from eastern Missouri and southern Illinois but also treats children across the United States and from countries around the world.
 “Shengavit” Medical Center (Armenian: «Շենգավիթ» բժշկական կենտրոն) is one of the leading private multi-disciplinary therapeutic and diagnostic facilities in Yerevan (Armenia) base of the clinical postgraduate training for Yerevan State Medical University and the National Institute of Health.
 The EDL Peloux Bridge near Buffalo Wyoming is a Pratt pony truss bridge that was built in 1912 by the Canton Bridge Co.. The bridge carries Johnson County Road CN16-40 across Clear Creek. The single-span bridge is 81.5 feet (24.8 m) long and has a wooden roadway supported by steel pins and piles. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as part of a Multiple Property Submission devoted to historic bridges in Wyoming.
 Mubende Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Mubende Hospital is a hospital in the town of Mubende in Central Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Mubende Mityana Kiboga and parts of Mpigi District.
 The John Boardman House is a historic First Period house at 6 Lawrence Road in Boxford Massachusetts. The main portion of the 2.5 story saltbox colonial was built c. 1740 in Saugus Massachusetts and features significant First Period details despite its comparatively late date of construction for that period. The house bears some resemblance to the house of John Boardman's grandfather William (now a National Historic Landmark) which still stands in Saugus.
 Stickhausen Castle is located on the western edge of the village Stickhausen a district of the East Frisian municipality Detern in the Landkreis of Leer in Lower Saxony.
 The Phillips County Courthouse in Helena-West Helena Arkansas was built in 1914. It was designed by architect Frank W. Gibb. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Camden Safe Deposit & Trust Company is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1929 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 22 1990.
 De Krijtberg Kerk is a Roman Catholic church in Amsterdam located at the Singel. The church was designed by Alfred Tepe and was opened in 1883.
 The Richards Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cleveland Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania and Ralpho Township in Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It is a 64-foot-long (20 m) multiple King post and Queen Post Truss bridge constructed in 1852. It crosses the South Branch of Roaring Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Shepherd's Delight also known as the House on Part of Camelsworthmore is a historic home located near Still Pond Kent County Maryland. It has a four-bay-long 1 1⁄2-story main section with porches both front and back and a four-bay-long 2 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. It was built between 1767 and 1783 and added to again about 1810. Also on the property are two barns and a brick stable with modern sheds attached.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The John Humphrey House is a historic home in Orland Park Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The second permanent house built in Orland Park it was home to Illinois Senator John Humphrey.
 The Neue Pinakothek (New Pinakothek) is an art museum in Munich Germany. Its focus is European Art of the 18th and 19th century and is one of the most important museums of art of the nineteenth century in the world. Together with the Alte Pinakothek and the Pinakothek der Moderne it is part of Munich's Kunstareal (the art area).
 The Exchange is a Grade I listed building built in 1741–43 by John Wood the Elder on Corn Street near the junction with Broad Street in Bristol England. It was previously used as a corn and general trade exchange but is now used as offices and St Nicholas Market.The Exchange underwent major building work in 1872 including roofing over the courtyard and again in the early 1900s when the City Valuer's Department moved to the building.
 The St. John's A.F. & A.M. Lodge also known as Tyler Masonic Lodge refers to a Masonic Lodge in Tyler Texas and also to its historic building which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The building located on Front Street in Tyler Texas was built in 1902 by St. John's Lodge #53 a local Masonic lodge (the lodge still meets in the building).The building was designed in Colonial Revival architecture by architect Shirley Simons.
 Cemilli Castle (Turkish: Cemilli Kalesi also called Kaleburnu Castle) is a medieval castle in the rural area of Mersin in southern Turkey.
 St Wilfrid's Church Grappenhall is in Church Lane Grappenhall a village in Warrington Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
 The Hood County Courthouse Historic District in Granbury Hood County Texas encompasses 12 acres of land and 12 contributing properties. The principal building in and the focal point of the district is the historic Hood County Courthouse built in 1890-1891.
 The Buenos Aires Museum of Modern Art known locally as the Museo de Arte Moderno de Buenos Aires or MAMBA is a modern art museum located in Buenos Aires Argentina.The museum opened on April 11 1956 and resulted from an initiative by sculptor and diplomat Pablo Curatella Manes and art critic Rafael Squirru (its first director).
 Elements (Chinese: 圓方; Jyutping: jyun4 fong1) is a large shopping mall located on 1 Austin Road West Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon Hong Kong. It is developed and managed by MTR Corporation through its subsidiary Premier Management Service.
 The Freier Round Barn near Draper South Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1918. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.Round barns in the state were studied and a number of them were recommended for NRHP listing.
 The August Wilson House at 1727 Bedford Avenue in the Crawford-Roberts neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in the 1840s and was the childhood home of playwright August Wilson (1945–2005). The house was placed on the List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations on February 26 2008 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 2013.
 Pleasant Valley State Prison (PVSP) is a 640-acre (260 ha) minimum-to-maximum security state prison in Coalinga Fresno County California. The facility has housed convicted murderers Sirhan Sirhan Erik Menendez X-Raided and Hans Reiser among others.
 Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad Station also known as the Pennsylvania Railroad Station is a historic railway station located in Lebanon Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was designed by George Watson Hewitt and built in 1885 by the Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad. The building was expanded in 1912. It is a two-story brick brownstone and terra cotta building in an eclectic Victorian style reflecting 17th-century Flemish Romanesque and Chateauesque influences.
 The Heywood Chair Factory was a manufacturing facility for bentwood chairs built at 1010-1014 Race St. between N. 10th and N. 11 Streets in 1892 in what is now the Chinatown neighborhood of Philadelphia. It has been converted into condominiums and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The McNay Art Museum founded in 1954 in San Antonio is the first modern art museum in the U.S. State of Texas. The museum was created by Marion Koogler McNay's original bequest of most of her fortune her important art collection and her 24-room Spanish Colonial Revival-style mansion that sits on 23 acres (9.3 ha) that are landscaped with fountains broad lawns and a Japanese-inspired garden and fishpond.
 Mt. Carmel Methodist Church is a historic church on AR 9 in Jacinto Arkansas USA. It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Olean Armory is a historic armory building located at Olean in Cattaraugus County New York. It was designed by State architects Isaac G. Perry (1890 structure) and Lewis Pilcher (1919 structure). It consists of a two-story Tudor inspired administration building constructed in 1919 with an attached Romanesque drill shed constructed in 1890.
 The Mowich Lake Patrol Cabin is one of the oldest backcountry ranger stations in Mount Rainier National Park. Built in 1922 it is located in the western portion of the park. It was used by rangers on boundary patrol and is located on the Wonderland Trail. The log cabin encloses a 15.5-foot (4.7 m) by 17.5-foot (5.3 m) area with porch projecting 5.75 feet (1.75 m) to the front.
 The Giesen-Hauser House in Saint Paul Minnesota United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The 1891 Queen Anne style sandstone and brick house designed by Albert Zschoke is also known as Gregory & Nancy Ward Residence.
 St. Agatha's Conservatory of Music and Arts or the Exchange Building located on Exchange Street in Saint Paul Minnesota United States was Minnesota's first fine arts school established by Ellen Ireland Eliza Ireland (sisters of John Ireland) and Ellen Howard. The 1908–1910 building was designed by John H. Wheeler.
 Dr. James Ferguson Office is a historic medical office building located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a small square 1 1⁄2-story Second Empire–style building. It features a slate mansard roof with a single center dormer.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue of Montreal also known as Shearith Israel is a Montreal synagogue located on St. Kevin Street in Snowdon which is the oldest Jewish congregation in Canada. The Congregation traces its history back to 1760 and was formally established in 1768.
 The Garden Court Apartments is an apartment building located at 2900 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The McLoughlin Gallery is an art gallery established in 2010 by Joan McLoughlin that focuses on presenting contemporary art from mid-career and emerging artists. The gallery is located at 49 Geary St. Suite 200 San Francisco California. The McLoughlin gallery is the third largest space at 49 Geary. Artists at the gallery work with a variety of different and sometimes nontraditional materials including: resins plastics Xeroxes glitter wood panel acrylic and found objects.
 The Beeson Covered Bridge is a Burr Arch covered bridge structure that was built by the Frankfurt Construction Company in 1906. It is 55 feet (17 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high.It originally crossed the Big Raccoon Creek but was later moved to its current location over Williams Creek in Billie Creek Village Rockville Indiana. In 1974 it was closed for traffic. It was twice victimized by arson in 1979.
 Montevideo Shopping Center is the first shopping mall that opened in Montevideo. It is located in the neighborhood Buceo on the border with Pocitos right in front of the World Trade Center Montevideo.
 The Longmeadow Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village green of Longmeadow Massachusetts and properties in its immediate vicinity. The district acquired local protection in 1973 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Longmeadow's village green was laid out in the early 18th century and it is the area around which the town center developed.
 Getu Commercial Center is located in central Addis Ababa.
 Sts. Sergius and Herman of Valaam Church is a historic Russian Orthodox church in English Bay Alaska. It is named for the Saints Sergius and Herman of Valaam.The settlement was established during 1784-86 but its first church building was not built until about 1870. The current church building was built in about 1930 or before and has been described as a study in economical use of existing materials and as having no architectural distinction.
 Yakutiye Medrese is a historical 14th century Madrasa in Erzurum Turkey. The madrasa was built in 1310 by order of a local governor of the Ilkhanids Hoca Yakut and it is named after him.
 Sooneck Castle (German: Burg Sooneck) (also known as Saneck or Sonneck previously also known as Schloss Sonneck) is a castle in the upper middle valley of the Rhine in the Mainz-Bingen district of Rhineland-Palatinate Germany. It is located near the village of Niederheimbach between Bingen and Bacharach.Since 2002 Sooneck Castle has been part of the Rhine Gorge UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Arreton Manor is a manor house in Arreton Isle of Wight England. Its history is traced to 872 AD to the time of King Alfred the Great and his parents. Once owned by William the Conqueror as mentioned in the Domesday Book in 1086 in the 12th century it became part of Quarr Abbey and was used by the monks for over 400 years. In 1525 it was leased to the Leigh family. The manor was rebuilt between 1595 and 1612. Built in Jacobean style it is in the shape of a H.
 Madison Square Presbyterian Church was a Presbyterian church in Manhattan New York City located on Madison Square Park at the southeast corner of East 24th Street and Madison Avenue. Construction on the church began in 1853 and was completed in 1854. It was designed by Richard M. Upjohn the son of noted architect Richard Upjohn in the Gothic Revival architectural style.
 Sweet Briar House also known as Locust Ridge is a historic home located at Sweet Briar Amherst County Virginia. The original house was built about 1825 and was a Federal style brick farmhouse with a hipped roof. The house was extensively remodeled in 1851 in the Italian Villa-style. The remodeling added a two-level arcaded portico with a one-story verandah across the facade and two three-story towers of unequal height and form.
 The Church of Our Saviour located at 65 East Holister Street in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Ohio. The parish's historic stone church was built in 1877 in the Gothic Revival style. Our Saviour was founded by wealthy residents of the once-affluent suburb of Mount Auburn about 1 m (0.0010 km) north of downtown.
 The Nicholas Carriger Estate (16-acre) is a collection of buildings located in Sonoma California United States. The estate consists of three buildings: the main house built in 1847 a small house which is a replica of the main house built in 1860 and a winery built in 1875. All three buildings fall in the Greek revival style architecturally.
 Saint Casimir Church (Polish: Parafia św. Kazimierza w Cleveland) is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland Ohio and part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland. It is designated a personal parish for those Catholics of the Latin Rite of Polish descent in Cleveland. A personal parish is designated under Canon 518 of the Code of Canon Law. It is located at the north-east corner of intersection of East 82nd St. and Sowiniski Ave. in a part of the St.
 Mevik Chapel (Norwegian: Mevik kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Mevik. The church is part of the Gildeskål parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1910 and was renovated in 1957. It currently seats about 240 people.
 St. James Episcopal Church is a historic church at 375 Boardman-Poland Road in Boardman Ohio. It was built in 1972 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Ohio State Normal College at Kent is a historic district in Kent Ohio United States. It consists of the five original buildings on the main campus of Kent State University with the first Merrill Hall opening in 1913 and the last Moulton Hall opening in 1917. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Seven Stars Tavern is located in Woodstown Salem County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1762 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1976.
 The Bemposta Palace (Palácio da Bemposta) also known as the Paço da Rainha (Residence of the Queen) is a neoclassical palace originally ordered built by the Dowager-Queen Catherine of Braganza after returning to Lisbon in the area of Bemposta now the civil parish of Pena. After many years as her residence the building was transferred to the Casa do Infantada before becoming the residence of John VI of Portugal (until his death).
 Presidio San Antonio de Béxar was a Spanish fort built near the San Antonio River located in what is now San Antonio Texas USA. It was designed for protection of the mission system and civil settlement in central Texas. It also served to secure Spain's claim to the region from French English and American aggression.
 Originally founded as the Newcastle Infirmary in 1751 the Royal Victoria Infirmary (RVI) in Newcastle upon Tyne England was opened on 11 July 1906 by Edward VII on 10 acres (40000 m2) of Town Moor given by the Corporation and Freemen. The fully furnished and equipped hospital containing twenty wards a nurses' home chapel and five operating theatres cost over £300000000.
 Daniel Berk Log House is a historic log cabin located on Maiden Creek in Albany Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections; one about 1760 and the second in the late 1700s. The older section is a 1 1/2-story rectangular log building measuring 20 feet by 22 feet. It has a gable roof and sits on a stone foundation. The newer section is a 1 1/2-story stone addition measuring 20 feet by 22 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Morton Morton House also known as the Morton Mortonson House and Morton and Lydia Morton House is a historic home located at Norwood Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and consists of a 2-story symmetrical brick house with a gable roof and a 1 1/2-story wing with a gambrel roof. The interior has a Georgian hall-parlor plan.
 The Superior Courthouse and Bartlett Mall are respectively one of the oldest active courthouses in the nation and one of the oldest public grounds in the city of Newburyport Massachusetts. Bartlett Mall which runs in front of the courthouses along High Street near its intersection with Green Street predates the 1764 separation of Newburyport from Newbury.
 Mount Baldy Zen Center (MBZC) is a Rinzai Zen monastery of the Nyorai-nyokyo sect located in the San Gabriel Mountains of the Angeles National Forest region on 4.5 acres (18000 m2) and founded in 1971 by Kyozan Joshu Sasaki. The monastery — once a Boy Scout camp — became famous when musician Leonard Cohen joined the community in 1994. The monastery serves as residence for Sasaki and is the training center for monastics in his lineage.
 The Church of Corpus Christi is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at between Broadway and Amsterdam Avenues in the Morningside Heights section of Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1906. The parish priest is concurrently the Catholic chaplain at the nearby Columbia University
 The General Post Office (abbreviated: GPO) is the main post office in Lahore Pakistan. Located at GPO Chowk on Mall Road (Shahrah-e-Quaid-e-Azam) near Anarkali the GPO is Pakistan's largest. On average it handles 20000 pieces of mail per day.
 St Macartan's Cathedral Clogher is one of two cathedral churches in the Diocese of Clogher (the other is St Macartin's Cathedral Enniskillen) in the Church of Ireland. It is situated in the village of Clogher County Tyrone Northern Ireland in the ecclesiastical province of Armagh. The dean and chapter are located at St Macartin's Enniskillen.It was designed in 1744 by architect James Martin in a neo-classical style.
 The Kettle Falls Hotel is a hotel that was built beginning in 1910 in what is now Voyageurs National Park on the Kabetogama Peninsula at the juncture of Namakan and Rainy Lakes. The hotel was built to replace temporary lodgings accommodating dam workers loggers and tourists and was finally completed about 1913. The hotel is known for its uneven floors.The site was first patented as a homestead in 1910 by Ida May Winslow. The property passed to Minneapolis surgeon Frederick A.
 The Mount St. Sepulchre Franciscan Monastery is located at 14th and Quincy Streets in the Brookland neighborhood of Northeast Washington D.C. It includes gardens replicas of various shrines throughout Israel a replica of the catacombs in Rome an archive a library as well as bones of Saint Benignus of Armagh brought from the Roman Catacombs and originally in the Cathedral of Narni Italy.
 Penn Yan Historic District is a national historic district located at Penn Yan in Yates County New York. The district consists of 65 acres (26 ha) and contains 281 structures 210 of which are contributing. It includes a broad range of architecturally significant resources that document the village's development from the 1820s to 1929. It includes representative examples of residential commercial indstrial civic and ecclesiastical structures.
 Hoosac Stores 3 is a historic warehouse at 115 Constitution Road in Charlestown Massachusetts. (The street name was changed from Water Street to Constitution Road some years ago. The building at 25 Water Street has burned down.)The warehouses were built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tharp's Log is a hollowed giant sequoia (Sequoiadendron giganteum) log at Log Meadow in the Giant Forest grove of Sequoia National Park that was used as a shelter by early pioneers. The log is named after Hale Tharp who was described as the first Non-Native American to enter the Giant Forest.
 Quisling Towers Apartments is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 For the Ipswich Hospital in Australia see Ipswich Hospital QueenslandIpswich Hospital NHS Trust runs Ipswich Hospital known as East Suffolk and Ipswich Hospital until 1955 a large district general hospital in Suffolk England. It provides a wide range of services to the population of east Suffolk and serves a catchment area of approximately 360000 people.It is a busy district general hospital providing a wide range of emergency medical surgical and maternity services to its users.
 The Waldo Street Police Station is a historic former police station on Waldo Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was designed by architect George H. Clemence and built in 1918 to serve as a police station and district court. The building is an ornate brick and terracotta Renaissance Revival structure three stories high.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The building was closed as a police station in 1980.
 Sylvester Commercial Historic District is a historic District in Sylvester Georgia that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987. It includes the Worth County Local Building which is separately NRHP-listed. Its boundaries were increased in 2002 to include some federally owned property.
 Second Baptist Church is an historic church building located in Centerville Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Hibernia Hall (or Hibernian Hall) is a Romanesque Revival building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Hibernian Hall is located on the east side of Brady Street near the middle of the block. The building’s neighbor to the north is the Philip Worley House (1860). To the south are the Democrat Building (1923) and the Forrest Block (1875).
 Jasper Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Jasper Alabama United States approximately 30 miles (48 km) away from Birmingham.
 Fuller Houses are an historic site at 339 and 343 Broadway in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The site was built in 1896 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 There is a similarly named Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace in Honolulu.The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro (French: Basilique Notre-Dame de la Paix de Yamoussoukro) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica dedicated to Our Lady of Peace in Yamoussoukro the administrative capital of Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast). The basilica was constructed between 1985 and 1989 at a cost of US$300 million.
 Rideau Hall is since 1867 the official residence in Ottawa of both the Canadian monarch and the Governor General of Canada. It stands in Canada's capital on a 0.36 km2 (88 acre) estate at 1 Sussex Drive with the main building consisting of approximately 175 rooms across 9500 m2 (102000 sq ft) and 24 outbuildings around the grounds.
 Jesse H. Settlemier House is a historic house in Woodburn Oregon United States. It was built by Jesse H. Settlemier founder of Woodburn in 1892. The house is no longer inhabited but is open to the public as a museum and as a location for special events such as weddings. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The First National Bank Building is a historic building located at 217-233 Central Avenue NW in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. The nine-story L-shaped building was the city's first skyscraper. Built in 1922 the First National Bank Building was designed by Trost & Trost an El Paso architecture firm that was well known in the region. At 43 m (141 ft) it was the tallest building in the city until the International Style Simms Building was built in 1954.
 The Château de Saint-Ferriol (or Château Saint-Ferriol) is a late medieval - early Renaissance castle in the village and commune of Saint-Ferriol in the Aude département in southern France. It is situated on a ridge overlooking valleys to the north and south in the heart of the village of St-Ferriol near the towns of Quillan and Esperaza.The castle was listed (inscrit) as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture in 1999 and is currently undergoing renovation.
 Happy Valley (simplified Chinese: 太阳新天地购物中心; traditional Chinese: 太陽新天地購物中心; pinyin: Tàiyáng xīntiāndì) is a shopping mall in the Zhujiang New Town of the Tianhe District Guangzhou China.
 The Zsámbék Premontre monastery church is a ruin of a Romanesque church in the town of Zsámbék Pest County Hungary. The construction of the church started in 1220.
 For the former restaurant in New York City see The Colony (restaurant).Colony or Colony Bar and Grill is a restaurant bar and grill located at 7-9 Paddington Street Marylebone Central London England. It opened in early April 2010 and was run by restauranteur Carlo Spetale and the Michelin-starred executive chef Atul Kochhar.Atul Kocchar announced he was leaving the business in June 2011 to focus on other interests.
 Big Bone Methodist Church is a historic church in Union Kentucky.The Big Bone church congregation was organized in 1887. The name derives from prehistoric animal remains discovered in the 18th century in what is now Big Bone Lick State Park. The first minister was Reverend George Froh a German veteran of the Civil War.The current structure was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Keats House is a museum in a house once occupied by the Romantic poet John Keats. It is in Keats Grove Hampstead north London. Maps prior to ca.1915show the road with one of its earlier names John Street; the road has also been known as Albion Grove. The building was originally a pair of semi-detached houses known as Wentworth Place. John Keats lodged in one of them with his friend Charles Brown from December 1818 to September 1820. These were perhaps Keats's most productive years.
 The Living Waters Christian Assembly is a Pentecostal church serving the West End of Ottawa Ontario. Until November 2004 it was named The Westend Church.Started in approximately 1995 by The Life Centre the Westend Church moved from a renovated warehouse on Woodward Drive in Carlington to the Fisher Park High School auditorium in Ottawa West finally to their own building on Slack Road near Merivale Rd.
 Connor's House is a single storey dwelling in Stirling Terrace Toodyay Western Australia.It was constructed circa 1890 for Daniel Connor. The building is heritage listed and considered to have historical significance as a remaining example of Toodyay's development in the 1890s.
 The Serdar Hotel (Turkmen: Serdar oteli) is a five star hotel in Avaza Turkmenistan. It is located on the shore of the Caspian Sea. Opened in 2001 the first high-rise hotel in tourist zone Avaza.
 Rancho Los Alamitos takes its name from a Mexican land grant in southwestern Los Angeles County and northwestern Orange County California.
 Lower Genesee Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Utica in Oneida County New York. The district includes 45 contributing buildings and encompasses a collection of commercial and industrial buildings in the north center of the city. The oldest extant buildings in the city are located here which includes buildings dating from 1830 to 1929.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Phillips School was 19th century school located in Beacon Hill Boston Massachusetts; It is now a private residence. It is on the Black Heritage Trail and its history is included in walking tours by the Boston African American National Historic Site. Built in 1834 it was a school for white children. After Massachusetts law from 1855 required school desegregation Phillips was one of the first integrated schools in Boston.
 The Park Lane Tower is a 30-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Park Lane Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.
 St. James on-the-Lines (often written as St. James-on-the-Lines or St. James On-the-Lines) is a historic Anglican garrison church in Penetanguishene Ontario. The church is still in use today serving as the Anglican parish church in Penetanguishene for services from Easter to Thanksgiving. The church is protected by a heritage conservation easement under the Ontario Heritage Act. There are two suggested origins for its full name.
 Centenary Methodist Church is a church complex located at Chapel road Abids housing two of the most prominent churches in the city. It is a Protestant Church and is under the auspices of Methodist Church in India. It was built in the 1970s in order to accommodate the increasing number of Methodists in the city. According to available sources it is currently the largest church in Hyderabad District only surpassed by Medak Cathedral of Church of South India in the state of A.P.
 The Stephen Decker Rowhouse is a historic multiple residence in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1889 it occupies land that was originally a portion of the wide vineyards of Nicholas Longworth. In 1869 after his death Longworth's estate was platted and sold to builders who constructed a residential neighborhood along Tusculum Avenue.
 The Museums of Metz (Musées de Metz) in Metz France were founded in 1839. They are also known as the Golden Courtyard Museums in reference to the palace of Austrasia's kings in Metz whose buildings they occupy. The collections in this museum(s) are distributed through a 3500 m² labyrinthal organization of rooms incorporating the ancient Petites Carmes Abbey the Chèvremont granary and the Trinitaires church.
 The Knightsbridge Residences also known as The Knightsbridge Residences @ Century City is a high-end residential skyscraper to be constructed in Makati City Philippines. It will be the second of several building projects to be built in the new Century City area along Kalayaan Avenue. Upon completion it will become one of the Philippines' tallest buildings.
 The Lamonta Compound – Prineville Supervisor's Warehouse is a complex of buildings and related infrastructure owned an operated by the Ochoco National Forest in Prineville Oregon United States. Built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1933–1934 it is the headquarters for field operations in the national forest and is typical of projects carried out by the CCC on behalf of the Forest Service.
 Tenth Presbyterian Church is a congregation of approximately 1500 members[citation needed] located in downtown Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. Tenth is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA) a denomination in the Reformed and Calvinist traditions. It is located at the southwest corner of 17th & Spruce Streets in Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood in the southwestern quadrant of Center City.
 Montclair Plaza is an indoor shopping mall located in Montclair California. At the time of its opening the Montclair Plaza was the only indoor mall in the entire Inland Empire.
 Fort James Jackson (usually shortened to Fort Jackson or Old Fort Jackson but unrelated to Andrew Jackson) is a restored 19th century fort located two miles east of Savannah on the Savannah River. It is a National Historic Landmark and the oldest standing brick fort in the U.S. state of Georgia.U.S. President Thomas Jefferson authorized the construction of a national defense system of fortifications to defend his new nation.
 Old Brick Church which is also known as Ebenezer Associate Reformed Presbyterian (ARP) Church or First Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church is a church built in 1788 about 4 mi (6 km) north of Jenkinsville on SC 213 in Fairfield County South Carolina. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 1971. It is one of the few 18th-century churches surviving in the South Carolina midlands.
 The North Trinity Church near Nash North Dakota is a church that was built in 1893. It has also been known as Nordre Trefoldegheds Menigheds as The Swede Church and as North Trinity Lutheran Church. It includes Gothic Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 as Nordre Trefoldegheds Menigheds.It is a front-gabled building with a steeple. It was built by carpenter Knut Staven.
 York Minster is a cathedral in York England and is one of the largest of its kind in Northern Europe. The minster is the seat of the Archbishop of York the second-highest office of the Church of England and is the cathedral for the Diocese of York. It is run by a dean and chapter under the Dean of York. The formal title of York Minster is The Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of St Peter in York.
 The Cecil I. and Mildred H. Dimick House at 575 West 800 North in Orem Utah was built in 1946. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It is a rare example of Art Moderne style design in Orem and in Utah more widely built in an agrarian and war-time economy.
 The Crow Creek massacre occurred around 1325 AD between Indian groups in the South Dakota area. Crow Creek Site the site of the massacre near Chamberlain is an archaeological site and a U.S. National Historic Landmark located at co-ordinates 43°58′48″N 99°19′54″W. The Siouan-speaking Initial Middle Missouri variant peoples ancestral to the Mandan Nation first occupied the site sometime after about 900 AD. They built numerous earthlodges on the lower portion of the site.
 Coatbridge Library is a public library in Coatbridge North Lanarkshire Scotland. The building was designed by Alexander Cullen and built in 1905. It is a Carnegie library; its construction was financed by money donated by the Scottish-American entrepreneur Andrew Carnegie. Carnegie officially opened the library on 7 June 1906 in person; he received the ceremonial freedom of burgh of Coatbridge in return.The building was category B listed by Historic Scotland in 1993.
 Wilson Hall is a historic church school building on Franklin Street in Bucksport Maine.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Purdie House and Purdie Methodist Church is a historic place in Tar Heel North Carolina.It was built in 1803 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 The Albert Community Centre (built in 1912) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Varsity View neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Originally built as the Albert School the two-and-a-half storey brick building served as a public school until 1978 when the building was sold to the city and became the Albert Community Centre. The school was originally named for Prince Albert Queen Victoria’s Consort.
 Basin Harbor Club is an Historic resort on Lake Champlain in Vergennes Vermont. With several onsite dining options activities ranging from water sports golf tennis hiking biking and quaint accommodations BHC is a perfect vacation spot for everyone. Pet friendly kid's camps weekly events wedding and special event venue outstanding culinary.Basin Harbor is open from mid-May to mid-October. For this year’s actual dates please see the Seasonal Calendar of Events.Check-In: 4:00 p.m.
 The Neues Museum (New Museum) is a museum in Berlin Germany located to the north of the Altes Museum (Old Museum) on Museum Island.It was built between 1843 and 1855 according to plans by Friedrich August Stüler a student of Karl Friedrich Schinkel. The museum was closed at the beginning of World War II in 1939 and was heavily damaged during the bombing of Berlin. The rebuilding was overseen by the English architect David Chipperfield.
 The DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Detroit Downtown - Fort Shelby is a restored historic high-rise hotel located at 525 West Lafayette Boulevard (at First Street) in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was originally named the Fort Shelby Hotel when it opened its doors in 1916. In 1951 it was renamed the Pick Fort Shelby when it was bought out by the Albert Pick Hotels Company.
 The Dominion Building (originally Dominion Trust Building) is a commercial building in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Located on the edge of Gastown (207 West Hastings St) it was Vancouver's first steel-framed high-rise. At 53 m (175 ft) the thirteen-storey Second Empire style building was the tallest commercial building in the British Empire upon its completion in 1910. Its architect was John S.
 Deji Plaza Phase 2 is a skyscraper under construction in Nanjing China.
 One Logan Square is a high-rise building located in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands at 400 ft (122 m) with 31 floors and was completed in 1983. It is currently the 25th-tallest building in Philadelphia. The architectural firm who designed the building was Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates PC.
 John Gray House is a historic home located at Port Matilda Patton Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1793 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with an exposed basement. The interior has a traditional Georgian center hall plan.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Lower Blackburn Grade Bridge also named the Van Duzen River Bridge or Mile 18 Bridge is a 258-foot-long (79 m) reinforced concrete through arch with a main span approximately 150 feet (46 m) over the Van Duzen River about 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Bridgeville California.
 Confederate Memorial Hall is a museum located in New Orleans Louisiana containing historical artifacts related to the Confederate States of America and the American Civil War. It is historically also known as Memorial Hall. It houses the second largest collection of Confederate Civil War items in the world behind the Museum of the Confederacy in Richmond Virginia.
 Guédelon Castle is a medieval construction project located in Treigny France. The object of the project is to build a castle using only the techniques and materials used in the Middle Ages. When completed in the 2020s it should be an authentic recreation of a 13th-century medieval castle.In order to fully investigate the technology required in the past the project is using only period construction techniques tools and costumes. Materials including wood and stone are all obtained locally.
 Peoria Waterworks is a building complex built in 1890 for the Peoria Illinois water system. The three building site was constructed in 1890 after the publicly owned Peoria Water Company was sold to John T. Moffat and Henry C. Hodgskins. The building was designed in Romanesque Revival style and first supplied water to the city of Peoria on December 1 1890. The three structures Pumping Station #1 Pumping Station #2 and the Main Well House were included on the property's listing on the U.S.
 US Post Office-Scarsdale is a historic post office building located at Scarsdale in Westchester County New York United States. It was built in 1937 and designed by consulting architects Schultze and Weaver for the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a symmetrically massed red brick building containing limestone trim in the Classical Revival style. It is composed of a two story central section with flanking one story wings.
 The Cathedral of Orvieto is a large 14th-century Roman Catholic cathedral situated in the town of Orvieto in Umbria central Italy. The building was constructed under the orders of Pope Urban IV to commemorate and provide a suitable home for the Corporal of Bolsena a miracle which is said to have occurred in 1263 in the nearby town of Bolsena when a traveling priest who had doubts about the truth of transubstantiation found that his Host was bleeding so much that it stained the altar cloth.
 The Royal Palace (Khmer: ព្រះបរមរាជាវាំងនៃរាជាណាចក្រកម្ពុជា Preah Barum Reachea Veang Nei Preah Reacheanachak Kampuchea) in Phnom Penh Cambodia is a complex of buildings which serves as the royal residence of the king of Cambodia. Its full name in the Khmer language is Preah Barum Reachea Veang Chaktomuk Serei Mongkol (Khmer: ព្រះបរមរាជវាំងចតុមុខសិរីមង្គល).
 United States Parcel Post Station also known as the Railway Express Building is a historic post office structure located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is two stories high with the first floor at the St. Paul Street level and is supported by concrete piers that extend 35 feet down to the level of the Jones Falls Expressway (I-83).
 The Gustavus and Sarah T. Pike House in the southwestern section of the city of Stamford Connecticut is a Queen Anne style house built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It is architecturally significant as a good example of a Queen Anne style house in Stamford and also an excellent example of pattern book application. The building follows a pattern book design by H. H. Holly.
 The Orlando Utilities Commission Administration Building is an historic eight-story Modern style building in Orlando Florida. It began to be used in 1967. It was built by the Orlando Utilities Commission to handle the projected increased volume that would be generated when the University of Central Florida and Walt Disney World started operating. The building was designed by Richard Boone Rodgers.
 The Myers-White House is a private residence located near Hertford North Carolina in the Bethel Township of Perquimans County (36.120145-76.449502). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It is one of the oldest private homes in the state. The exact construction date is not known. It was likely constructed in the early 1700s. Thomas Long (~1730) is assumed to be the architect and builder.
 The Fitchburg Art Museum is a regional art museum based in Fitchburg Worcester County Massachusetts USA.Founded in 1925 through a bequest of artist collector and educator Eleanor Norcross the museum has 14 galleries showcasing American and European paintings prints and ceramics as well as Egyptian Classical and pre-Columbian antiquities.In 1995 the museum joined with Fitchburg Public Schools to create the Museum Partnership School originally called Garden Vision Museum Art School where all classes are taught in the museum galleries through the study of the museum collection and studio art activities.The collection includes John Singleton Copley's portrait Mrs.Charles McEvers and Rockwell Kent's Monadnock Afternoon.
 The John McMahon House is a Federal style mansion located in Courtland Alabama. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The two-story brick I-house was built in 1828.
 The Agnes Vaille Shelter is a beehive-shaped stone shelter near the summit of Longs Peak in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado USA. The shelter was built in 1927 by the National Park Service after a number of climbers died ascending Longs Peak. The shelter was named for Agnes Vaille who made the first winter ascent of the east face of Longs Peak by a woman. On January 12 1925 Vaille fell 100 ft (30 m) while descending the North Face.
 The Hadley Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Hadley Mountain at Hadley in Saratoga County New York. The tower is a prefabricated structure built by the Aermotor Corporation in 1917. It is one of the initial ten towers purchased by the State Commission to provide a front line of defense in preserving the Adirondack Forest Preserve from the hazards of forest fires. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre is a cancer hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and opened in April 2012. It was designed by Hopkins Architects of London.
 All Saints Episcopal Church is a historic church in Winter Park Florida United States. It is located at 338 East Lyman Avenue. On January 7 2000 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.It includes Late Gothic Revival architecture designed and/or built by Ralph Adams Cram and by H.C. Cone.
 Capital Hotel is a small luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 22-24 Basil Street extremely close to Brompton Road Harrods Harvey Nichols and the centre of Knightsbridge and is known to have been visited by Her Majesty The Queen.The Capital hotel was established by a Scottish proprietor David Levin in April 1971 who still owns and operates it today.
 Ben Venue is a historic home and farm located near Washington Rappahannock County Virginia. The main house was built between 1844 and 1846 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling with a side gable roof and parapets. It features a one-story porch that covers the central three bays; it has four Doric order columns supporting a bracketed entablature.
 Marischal College is a large granite building on Broad Street in the centre of Aberdeen in north-east Scotland and since 2011 has acted as the headquarters of Aberdeen City Council. However the building was constructed for and is on long-term lease from the University of Aberdeen which still uses parts of the building to house a museum and for ceremonial events.
 St. Mary’s Church Hamilton Village is an Episcopal Church located on the University of Pennsylvania campus in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It calls itself the Episcopal Church at Penn to emphasize its campus ministry. The parish is part of the Episcopal Church in the Diocese of Pennsylvania.The church is a remnant of the Hamilton Village neighborhood that existed in West Philadelphia prior to being subsumed by the University.
 Revere Beach Parkway is a historic parkway in the suburbs immediately north of Boston Massachusetts. It begins at Wellington Circle in Medford where the road leading to the west is the Mystic Valley Parkway and the north-south road is the Fellsway designated Route 28. The parkway proceeds east ending at Eliot Circle the junction of Revere Beach Boulevard and Winthrop Parkway in Revere. In between the parkway passes through the towns of Everett and Chelsea.
 The Homer-Lovell House is an historic house at 11 Forest Street just outside Porter Square in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in two sections: the main block a fine Second Empire house was built in 1867 when the Porter Square area was growing as a residential area because of its train station. In the 1920s the house was extended to the rear and converted into a two-family.
 Eleazer Goulding House is a historic house at 137 Western Avenue in Sherborn Massachusetts.The house was built in 1825 by Capt. Ebenezer Mann. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Chisenhale Gallery is a non-profit contemporary art gallery based in London's East End. The organisation focuses on a programme of commissioned exhibitions offsite projects and events performances film screenings and talks.As of 2014 Chisenhale Gallery produces up to five major exhibitions each year.The gallery occupies the ground level of a 1930s veneer factory on Chisenhale Road situated in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets near Victoria Park.
 The Park United Presbyterian Church is located at 14 Cortland Street (at the intersection with Woodward Avenue) in Highland Park Michigan. It was built in 1910 as the Highland Park Presbyterian Church listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1983. It is a member of The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
 L'Ecrivain (French pronunciation: ​[le.kʁi.vɛ̃] meaning The Writer) is a restaurant on Lower Baggot Street in Dublin Ireland which was awarded one Michelin star from 2003 to the present.
 The Oaks also known as Innes Hill is a historic home and farm located near Warrenton Fauquier County Virginia. The house was built between 1931 and 1933 and consists of a 1 to 2 1/2-story five bay Classical Revival style main block with a four-part plan. The attached sections are a one-story pantry and kitchen wing and garage attached by a four bay arcade.
 Göholms House (Swedish: Göholms gods) is a manor house in Blekinge Sweden. It is located in Ronneby Municipality and was first mentioned in 1241.
 The Apponaug Historic District is a 2 acres (0.81 ha) historic district. It includes five contributing buildings at 3376 3384 3387 3391 3397-3399 and 3404 Post Rd. Warwick Rhode Island. It represents a cluster of stately homes in the Apponaug neighborhood where Warwick's civic center is located.
 The Bronx Museum of the Arts is a cultural institution located in the New York City borough of The Bronx. The museum focuses on contemporary and 20th century works created by American artists and it has hosted exhibitions of art and design from Latin America Africa and Asia. Its permanent collection consists of more than 800 paintings sculptures photographs and works on paper.
 Antioch Christian Church is a historic Disciples of Christ church located near Allendale Allendale County South Carolina. It was built about 1835 and is a one-story meeting house style clapboard structure with a hipped roof. The church was renovated in 1976. Included within the acreage is a cemetery where many of Allendale’s oldest families are buried.Dr.
 The Old Union Depot Hotel (previously known as the Union Hotel and Cafe) was a historic hotel and commercial building in Tampa Florida USA. The building was constructed in 1912 at 858 East Zack Street directly across Nebraska Avenue from Tampa Union Station. On December 11 2000 it was added to the U.S.
 Conway House is an historic house and museum in Camden Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (College St. Site) is a psychiatric hospital in Toronto Ontario. Much of their work focuses on forensic psychology sex addiction drug addiction and research designed to shape public policy. The hospital was originally named the Clarke Institute of Psychiatry after Charles Kirk Clarke a pioneer in mental health in Canada.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Chelford lies to the southeast of the village of Chelford Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Lower Withington.
 Norbreck Castle Hotel is a large hotel located on Queens Promenade in the Norbreck area of Blackpool Lancashire England on the sea front. The hotel has 480 bedrooms and 22 conference suites including the Norcalympia Conference Centre.
 First Universalist Church is a historic church on Main Street in Kingston New Hampshire.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Thomas Aquinas Church Ham is a Roman Catholic church on Ham Street in Ham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
 Bedford Baptist Church (also known as Old Bedford Baptist Church; Bedford Community Building) is a historic church at 750 Broadway Avenue in Bedford Ohio.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 2002.
 Kanazawa Castle (金沢城 Kanazawa-jōu) is a large well-restored castle in Kanazawa Ishikawa Prefecture Japan. It is located adjacent to the celebrated Kenroku-en Garden which once formed the castle's private outer garden.
 Svetitskhoveli Cathedral (Georgian: სვეტიცხოვლის საკათედრო ტაძარი svet'icxovlis sak'atedro t'adzari; literally the Living Pillar Cathedral) is a Georgian Orthodox cathedral located in the historical town of Mtskheta Georgia 20 km (12 mi) northwest of the nation's capital of Tbilisi.Svetitskhoveli known as the burial site of Christ's mantle has long been the principal Georgian church and remains one of the most venerated places of worship to this day.
 Jubilee International Church was established in 1992 with just 7 members in Clapham London SW4. They then purchased and modernised a former 1935 Baptist church building and moved in 2006 to the Chinbrook and the former Chinbrook Meadows areas of Grove Park. The church was part of the Assemblies of God in Great Britain a leading Pentecostal denomination worldwide. The church had a number of branches in the UK and in several nations worldwide.
 St. Gabriel Church is a Roman Catholic parish in Stamford Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Knox District School No. 5 is a historic one-room school building located at Thompson's Lake State Park Knox in Albany County New York. It was built in 1898 and is a one story rectangular frame building (20 feet by 24 feet) on a dry laid stone foundation. School use ceased in 1940. It has been vacant since 1999.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Jacob Zimmerman House was the home of Jacob and Lena Zimmerman European American settlers who came west over the Oregon Trail in 1851 to what became Multnomah County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1874 the house was part of a 600-acre (240 ha) dairy farm. Members of the Zimmerman family lived on the farm from 1870 through 1992. The house and 1.58 acres (6400 m2) were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 William Scarbrough House is a historic house in Savannah Georgia. It is significant for its Neoclassical architecture. It was completed in 1819. An architecturally compatible third floor was added in the mid-19th century but was later removed. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 Valley Hills Mall is a two-story regional shopping mall located in Hickory North Carolina. It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States and anchored by Belk Dillard's J. C. Penney and Sears.
 Kennedy Centre is a retail and leisure development in a largely built-up residential area in west Belfast. Having agreed upon a new anchor tenant the Kennedy Centre was redeveloped again in 2008. At approximately 97000 ft² its anchor tenant is Sainsburys supermarket the largest supermarket in Northern Ireland which replaced the previous anchor Curleys Supermarket. There is also a Sainsburys petrol station located within the grounds of the complex.
 The Liljestrand House at 3300 Tantalus Drive in Honolulu Hawaii was designed by Vladimir Ossipoff for Betty and Howard Liljestrand a doctor and nurse who had bought the hillside site overlooking leeward Oahu in 1948. Completed in 1952 the house was perhaps Ossipoff's most intricate as well as his most widely publicized domestic commission. After it was featured in House Beautiful magazine as a Pace Setter House in 1958 it attracted hundreds of visitors in organized weekly tours.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral of the Church of North India - a united church which is part of the Anglican Communion - in Kolkata West Bengal India. It is the seat of the Diocese of Calcutta and the incumbent bishop is the Rt. Revd. Ashoke Biswas.The building itself stands on the island of attractions in Kolkata - beside the Victoria Memorial Nandan Rabindra Sadan theatre complex and the Birla Planetarium.
 The Joseph M. Walker House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 Clinger-Moses Mill Complex also known as Clement's Mill is a historic mill complex located in West Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The property includes the site of two mills a stone dam a mill house stone bank barn and outbuildings. A former three-story grist mill built in 1860 has been converted to residential use. There is a four-story three bay by three bay fieldstone mill building. A five-bay frame house has been built on the foundations of a former saw mill.
 Swift Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Swift Church Road in Miflin Alabama. It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Wansbeck General Hospital is a district general hospital based in Ashington Northumberland. It is one of two low energy built hospitals in the United Kingdom and is the most northerly General hospital in England. Wansbeck General Hospital is part of Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust the two other acute hospitals in the trust being in North Tyneside and Hexham.
 The Old Cawker City Library at 7th and Lake Sts. in Cawker City Kansas United States was built in 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It was built by local carpenter John Rodger and stonemason William Foster.
 Victoria Hospital is a government run hospital affiliated with Bangalore Medical College now renamed Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute. It is the largest hospital in Bangalore India. Started by Shri Krishnaraja Wodeyar the then Maharaja of Mysore in 1901 the hospital soon rose to be among the prominent hospitals in South India.
 Mandarin Oriental Tokyo is located in the Nihonbashi Mitsui Tower in Tokyo’s Nihonbashi neighborhood close to Tokyo Station and Tokyo Stock Exchange. The hotel opened in December 2005 is managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. The hotel contains 178 guestrooms and suites as well as ten restaurants and bars. Among the restaurants Sense Signature and Tapas Molecular Bar have each been awarded Michelin Stars.
 Spruce Grove School is a historic one-room school located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The school was built in 1839 and is a one-story 24-feet square stone structure with a gable roof. It features a corbeled stone cornice. It was converted to a private residence in 1924. Also on the property is a stone abutment for a suspension bridge that once crossed the adjacent West Branch of the Brandywine River.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Church of St Peter St Paul and St John is the parish church of Llantrisant Monmouthshire Wales. A handsome church  in the Decorated style it is a Grade I listed building as of 18 November 1980.
 Delaware and Hudson Canal Gravity Railroad Shops was a historic gravity railroad maintenance facility located at Carbondale Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. They were built as part of the Delaware and Hudson Gravity Railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1987 after being demolished.
 Sant'Andrea della Valle is a basilica church in Rome Italy in the rione of Sant'Eustachio. The basilica is the general seat for the religious order of the Theatines. It is located on Piazza Vidoni at the intersection of Corso Vittorio Emanuele (facing facade) and Corso Rinascimento.
 Alexander W. Arbuckle I House also known as the Michael Baker House is a historic home located near Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1822 and is a two-story brick T-shaped residence with Greek Revival style influences. It features a two-story portico with four plastered round columns and Chinese Chippendale style railings.It was designed and built by contractor and architect John W. Dunn and associates David Spott and Andrew White. The house is a farmhouse.
 Glen Lake Children's Camp is a former children's camp for victims of tuberculosis. The camp was part of the Glen Lake Sanatorium on the border of Minnetonka and Eden Prairie Minnesota. Although the main sanatorium buildings were demolished in 1993 the children's camp portion remained intact. The camp is Minnesota's only known surviving camp for children who had tuberculosis and it reflects the philanthropic efforts of its founders George H. and Leonora Christian.
 The Sorrel Weed House or the Francis Sorrel House is a historic facility located in Savannah Georgia. It represents one of the finest examples of Greek Revival and Regency architecture in Savannah and was one of the first two homes in the state of Georgia to be made a state landmark in 1954. At 16000 square feet it is also one of the largest houses in the city. The Sorrel Weed House is open for historic Savannah tours.
 Metropolitan Mall opened on 1993 is a shopping and entertainment center in Bekasi city Indonesia. It has over 85500 m² of floor space with 225 stores. It comprises two buildings the Metropolitan Mall 1 and 2. Mall 2 opened in 2005.
 HM Prison Standford Hill (Sheppey Cluster) is a Category D men's prison located close to the village of Eastchurch on the Isle of Sheppey Kent. Standford Hill forms part of the Sheppey prisons cluster which also includes HMP Elmley and HMP Swaleside. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Baptist Institute for Christian Workers (also known as Crown Nursing Home) is a historic building 1425-1429 Snyder Avenue in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The Late Gothic Revival (Institutional Gothic) building was constructed in 1911. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 UN Plaza is a residential building located on Piața Națiunile Unite in Bucharest. It has 18 floors and a surface of 20000 sqm.
 The Sundberg Block is a commercial building located at 517–523 Iron Street in Negaunee Michigan USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Thomas Jefferson Hotel (later the Cabana Hotel then Leer Tower) is a 19-story building formerly a 350-room hotel completed in 1929 at 1623 2nd Avenue North on the western side of downtown Birmingham Alabama. It is well known for having the last rooftop zeppelin mooring mast in the world.The hotel was planned and developed by the Union Realty Company headed by Henry Cobb. The company was organized in November 1925 in the office of architect David O.
 The Willard-Fisk House is a historic house at 126 Whitney Street in Holden Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick house was built c. 1772 by Daniel Willard and is a well-preserved example of Federal styling. The property includes a barn that may date to the 19th century and several early 20th century outbuildings.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 where it is listed at 123 Whitney Street.
 Rocky Mount Mills located in Rocky Mount North Carolina was one of the first cotton mills constructed in the state of North Carolina dating back to 1816.
 The United States Air Force Academy Cadet Area is a portion of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs Colorado. It is notable for its use of modern architecture as compared to the very traditional design of West Point and the United States Naval Academy.
 The Woodson County Courthouse located in Courthouse Square in Yates Center is the seat of government of Woodson County Kansas. Built from 1899 to 1900 the courthouse was the second in Yates Center and replaced a wooden building moved to the city from Defiance. Architect George P. Washburn who designed thirteen county courthouses in Kansas designed the building; its design is similar to Washburn's Kingman County Courthouse.
 Marion Carll Farm is a historic home and property located in Commack in Suffolk County New York. It consists of the 1860 farmhouse privy garage smoke house milk house horse barn and carriage house sheep barn and four smaller barns. Marion Carll left the home and property to the Commack UFSD.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.In 2010 the Commack School District attempted to sell the historic Farm to Holiday Corp/Hamlet.
 Universalist-Unitarian Church is a historic church on Silver Street and Elm Street in Waterville Maine in the United States.For over 200 years the Universalist-Unitarian Church of Waterville Maine has been part of the spiritual religious and social life of the community.
 HM Prison Sudbury is a Category D men's prison located in the village of Sudbury in Derbyshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Quincy Shore Drive is a historic road in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Church of St Mary & All Saints in Broomfield Somerset England was built in the 15th and 16th centuries and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The south chancel wall was built around 1320. The north aisle is from 1535. There is a stained glass window by the company of William Morris.The three-stage tower was built around 1440.
 The Sentinel Hotel is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It was previously known as the Governor Hotel and the Seward Hotel.
 The Minster Church of St Michael and All Angels and St Benedict Biscop (commonly known as Sunderland Minster) is a church in Sunderland city centre England. It was known as St Michael's Church serving the parish of Bishopwearmouth but was renamed on 11 January 1998 in recognition of Sunderland's city status. In May 2007 the Minster ceased to act as the parish church of Bishopwearmouth. It is one of the Greater Churches.
 Heiser Rosenfeld and Strauss Buildings also known as Inner Harbor Lofts I is a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a complex of three structures. The Heiser Building is a Romanesque Revival style six-story brick stone and iron structure eight bays wide and 14 bays deep built as a show factory in 1886. The Rosenfeld Building is a six-story five-bay loft building with Beaux Arts styling and built for E. Rosenfeld and Company in 1905.
 Hong Kong Sanatorium and Hospital (Chinese: 養和醫院) or HKSH is a private hospital established in 1922 in Happy Valley Hong Kong.The hospital has more than 400 beds and various room types and facilities. It also has a 24 hours outpatient consultation service.HKSH has a School of Nursing affiliated with The Open University of Hong Kong which trains nurses up to degree level.
 The Westin New York Grand Central Hotel previously The New York Helmsley Hotel is a business-oriented hotel in New York City New York. It is approximately two blocks west of the United Nations headquarters and a little more than one block east of Grand Central Terminal.The hotel was part of The Helmsley Collection.
 The Cassimus House is a historic Queen Anne style house at 110 North Jackson Street in Montgomery Alabama. The two-story frame house was completed in 1893. It is the last residential structure remaining in its city block. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1976.
 Sacred Heart Church in St Kilda Melbourne is of architectural aesthetic and historical significance to the state of Victoria in Australia. The church which was built in stages is one of the major landmarks of St Kilda.
 The George Peabody House Museum is a historic house museum at 205 Washington Street in Peabody Massachusetts. It is dedicated to the life and deeds of 19th century U.S. entrepreneur philanthropist and namesake of the city George Peabody. The museum shares its location with the Peabody Leather Museum. Within its walls in 1795 George Peabody was born in what was then called South Danvers.
 The National September 11 Memorial & Museum (branded as 9/11 Memorial and 9/11 Memorial Museum) is the principal memorial and museum commemorating the September 11 attacks of 2001 which killed nearly 3000 people and the World Trade Center bombing of 1993 which killed six. The memorial is located at the World Trade Center site on the former location of the Twin Towers which were destroyed during the attacks.
 Cracovia Business Center also Błękitek is a commercial building in Kraków (city in Poland) at Pokój Street 1 and Grzegórzeckie Roundabout. It is a 20 story building housing offices for Bank Pekao amongst others. It is 105m high.Construction of the Tower began in 1972 according to Janusz Ingarden's project.
 Most Precious Blood Roman Catholic Church Rectory and Parochial School is a historic Roman Catholic Church complex located at 2800—2818 Diamond Street in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The school was built between 1908 and 1912 the rectory in 1914 and the church between 1924 and 1927.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Ajaccio Cathedral officially the Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption of Ajaccio and also known as the Cathedral of the Assuption of Saint Mary (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de l'Assomption de Ajaccio; Cathédrale de l'Assomption de Sainte-Marie) is a Baroque and Mannerist Roman Catholic cathedral located in Ajaccio Corsica. It is the seat of the Bishop of Ajaccio and the suffragan of the Archdiocese of Marseille. The cathedral is dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
 The Bodhi Manda Zen Center founded in 1973 is a Myoshin-ji Rinzai Zen Buddhist center in Jemez Springs New Mexico in the United States. It was once part of a Catholic monastery but has been converted to suit Buddhist monastic practices.While the Bodhi Manda Zen Center is Japanese in origin led by Kyozan Joshu Sasaki Roshi all of its members are English-speaking.
 Ditsworthy Warren House is a Grade II listed building near Sheepstor in Devon England. It is an isolated building on the south-western edge of Dartmoor and was built for the keeper of the rabbit warren near the house. It was used in 2010 as a filming location for the Steven Spielberg film War Horse.
 The Simsbury Townhouse also known as Boy Scout Hall was built in 1839. It historically served as a city hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.The Simsbury Townhouse was the original town hall for the town of Simsbury used as a town hall for almost 100 years. It was originally built in 1839 at the top of the hill near its present location and moved possibly in 1843 and finally in 1869.
 Modern Gallery (Croatian: Moderna galerija) is a museum in Zagreb Croatia that holds the most important and comprehensive collection of paintings sculptures and drawings by 19th and 20th century Croatian artists. The collection numbers around 10000 works of art housed since 1934 in the historic Vranyczany Palace in the centre of Zagreb overlooking the Zrinjevac Park. A secondary gallery is the Josip Račić Studio at Margaretska 3.
 The Utah Parks Company Service Station in Bryce Canyon National Park was built in 1947 to serve automobile-borne visitors to the park. The station was designed for the Utah Parks Company by architect Ambrose Spence in a style that was sympathetic to the prevailing National Park Service Rustic style but was much simpler and more modern in character.
 The Larch Farm also known as the Goldsmith-Pickering House is a historic First Period farmhouse at 38 Larch Road in Wenham Massachusetts. The house is a large colonial 2.5 story wood frame house eight bays wide. The northern half of the house is three bays deep and the southern half is two deep. Its complicated construction history begins in 1700 when Zaccheus Goldsmith was given permission to take timber for the purpose of building a house 40 feet (12 m) wide and 20 feet (6.1 m) deep.
 Holy Trinity Church Tarleton is an Anglican church which stands in the village of Tarleton Lancashire England.The church was built in 1886 to replace the old St Mary's Church on the edge of the village which was no longer big enough for the local population to attend.The cost to build Holy Trinity was £6138. The steeple and bells cost £2600. The repair of the steeple in 1968 cost £3500.The churchyard contains the war graves of four soldiers of World War I and an airman of World War II.
 Brookline Town Green Historic District is a historic district on Chestnut Place Fairmont Dudley Boyston Walnut and Warren Streets Hedge Codman and Kennard Roads in Brookline Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Jaite Mill Historic District also known as Jaite is a nationally recognized historic district in Cuyahoga and Summit counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The Cuyahoga County portion of the district is located in the city of Brecksville while the Summit County portion is located in Sagamore Hills Township.
 The Frans Hals Museum is a hofje that is home to the municipal museum in Haarlem Netherlands that was established in 1862. In 1950 the museum was split in two locations when the collection of modern art was moved to the Museum De Hallen.
 The Capt. John Miller House is an historic wooden house at what is now 12387 South Indian River Drive in St. Lucie County Florida. Its mail comes from the Jensen Beach post office in nearby Martin County. Built by local pioneer Capt. John Miller beginning around 1889 and ending around 1901 it started as a two-room one-story house and ended up a ten-room two-story house with a cross-gabled roof.
 The Kilgore Fort House is a historic site located in Scott County Virginia at 190 West Jackson Street Gate City Virginia. Fort houses were built to provide protection for individual families during the period from 1773 to about 1795 when attacks by Native Americans on the pioneer settlers were common. The Kilgore Fort House was built about 1790 by the Reverend Robert Kilgore and is the only surviving example of its type in southwest Virginia.The Kilgore Fort House was restored in 1973–74.
 Mt. Gilead Baptist Church (Mt. Gilead Christian Church) is a historic church in Haskingsville Kentucky.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 LA Central I is the first Tower of the LA Central Towers. The project was approved but the completion date is unknown.
 Jansgeleen Castle now erroneously called Sint-Jansgeleen or Sint Jansgeleen was a medieval castle in the little village of Spaubeek in the Dutch province of Limburg. Spaubeek is located in the municipality of Beek about 3 km south of the town of Geleen. Spaubeek was a separate municipality until 1982 when it was merged with Beek.The history of Spaubeek was closely connected to that of Jansgeleen Castle.
 First Ward Wardroom is an historic building at 171 Fountain Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The building was built in 1886 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983. It currently serves as a lodge of the Veterans of Foreign Wars.
 Berjaya Times Square Kuala Lumpur is a 48-storey 203 m (666 ft) twin tower hotel condominium indoor amusement park and shopping centre complex in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It was opened in October 2003 by the 4th Prime Minister of Malaysia YAB Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir bin Mohamad.
 St Matthew's Church Saltney was in Flint Road Saltney Flintshire Wales (grid reference SJ368654).The church was opened in 1911 as a mission church to the parish church of St Mark Saltney. St Mark's Church is an Anglican church in the parish of Lache cum Saltney the deanery of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester.St Matthew's was designed by the Chester architect John Douglas and built in brick with lancet windows.
 Municipal Building also known as Old City Hall is a historic city hall building located at Oneonta in Otsego County New York. It is three story masonry building with an ornate facade of painted brick and terra cotta built in 1906 in the Beaux-Arts style. A central tetrastyle pavilion in the Ionic order dominates the upper floors. In 1978 a neocolonial clock tower was erected on the roof.
 Prospect House (also known as the Lingan-Templeman House) is a historic building located at 3508 Prospect Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 St. James Hotel in Red Wing Minnesota is an Italianate building built in 1874-1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The NRHP-listed area was increased in a boundary increase listing as St. James Hotel and Buildings in 1982. St.
 The Victoria Rooms also known as the Vic Rooms houses the University of Bristol's music department in Clifton Bristol England on a prominent site at the junction of Queens Road and Whiteladies Road. The building originally assembly rooms was designed by Charles Dyer and was constructed between 1838 and 1842 in Greek revival style and named in honour of Queen Victoria who had acceded to the throne in the previous year.
 Montevideo is a 43-storey 139.5 m (458 ft) residential skyscraper on the river Nieuwe Maas in Rotterdam Netherlands. The Montevideo logo on the roof is an 8 by 8 m (26 by 26 ft) letter M which brings the tower's total height to 152.3 m (500 ft). The logo is also designed to be a giant wind vane.
 The Chapin and Gore Building at 63 East Adams Street was commissioned by Chapin and Gore a liquor distilling firm to combine warehouse and office spaces with a street level retail store and bar. Built in 1904 by one of the most progressive architectural firms of the early 20th century architects Hugh M. G.
 The Ladbury Church near Dazey North Dakota was built in 1899 in Late Gothic Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The listing included two contributing buildings and a contributing site on 4 acres (1.6 ha).Alternate names associated with the site are Union Congregational Church Ladbury Church Kensal Church Sibley Trail Union Congregational Church and Sunnyside Church and Cemetery.
 Howard-Bell-Feather House also known as Bell-Feather House and Old Feathers Place is a historic home located near Riner Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1810 and is a one- to two-story three-bay banked stone dwelling with a three-room plan. Also on the property is a contributing small frame house dated to the early-20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Fort Harrison National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located seven miles (11 km) south of the city of Richmond in Henrico County Virginia. It encompasses only 1.5 acres (0.61 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 1570 interments.The cemetery was established in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Temple Sinai was an egalitarian Reform synagogue established in Portsmouth Virginia in December 1953. The congregation which was located at 4401 Hatton Point Road was called A Family of Traditional and Non-Traditional Families and was a member of the Union for Reform Judaism. The congregation was headed by Rabbi Arthur Z. Steinberg. Temple Sinai celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2004. Temple Sinai merged with Norfolk's Ohef Sholom Temple in June 2012.
 B.T.'s Smokehouse is a dry-rubbed and slow-smoked barbecue restaurant located in the downtown section of Sturbridge Massachusetts.
 Doctor's Hospital is a 213 bed tertiary care teaching hospital located in Columbus in the US state Ohio. Doctor's Hospital operates the second largest osteopathic medical training program in the United States. Each year the hospital trains 160 physicians in residencies and fellowships.In 2013 Doctor's Hospital was ranked #30 in the State of Ohio #4 in the Columbus Ohio metropolitan area and ranked highly in pulmonology by the U.S. News & World Report.
 The First Presbyterian Church at 101 S. Lafayette in South Bend Indiana is a former church. It was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as Former First Presbyterian Church.
 Christ Church is an Anglican church serving a parish on the southern side of Warminster Wiltshire.
 Goodall House also known as George D. Collins House is a Macon Georgia house built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Sarit Centre is a shopping mall located in the Westlands neighbourhood of Nairobi Kenya.[citation needed] Opened in 1983 it is Kenya's first ever shopping mall whose City within a City concept of providing everything under one roof has since irrevocably changed retailing patterns and spurred shopping mall development throughout East Africa. The centre has a 300-seater cinema a 1500 sq ft (140 m2) food court and a 3000 sq ft (280 m2) expo centre capable of hosting over 50 stands.
 Temple Square is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) complex located in the center of Salt Lake City Utah owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In recent years the usage of the name has gradually changed to include several other church facilities immediately adjacent to Temple Square. Contained within Temple Square proper are the Salt Lake Temple Salt Lake Tabernacle Salt Lake Assembly Hall the Seagull Monument and two visitors' centers.
 Embassy Building number 10 is an historic home located at 3149 16th Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Columbia Heights neighborhood.
 The B'nai Abraham Synagogue in Virginia Minnesota is a story of loss and reuse. Built in 1909-10 it was the last remaining active synagogue on the Iron Range and its once-robust congregation dwindled to a handful of members who could no longer maintain the handsome brick structure. It closed its doors in the mid-1990s. Many religious places such as B'nai Abraham slowly become vacant in areas where scant resources are available to continue serving their communities or rekindle new purposes.
 Chester Carmelite Friary was a friary in the city of Chester in Cheshire England. It stood on the corner of Whitefriars and old Nicholas Street. The building was demolished in the 1960s - along with numerous other properties in Nicholas Street - during the construction of the city's inner ring road.
 Yerevan TV Tower is a 311.7-metre (1023 ft) high lattice tower on Nork Hill in Yerevan near city downtown Armenia. It was built from 1974 to 1977 as a replacement for the old 180-metre (590 ft) high TV tower at Yerevan. Currently being the highest point in the city it is one of the highest towers in the world.
 Vizcaya now named the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens is the former villa and estate of businessman James Deering of the Deering McCormick-International Harvester fortune on Biscayne Bay in the present day Coconut Grove neighborhood of Miami Florida. The early 20th century Vizcaya estate also includes: extensive Italian Renaissance gardens; native woodland landscape; and a historic village outbuildings compound.
 Maplewood is an Italianate residence in Columbia Missouri United States built by Slater Ensor Lenoir and his wife Margaret Bradford Lenoir in 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. In 1970 the City of Columbia purchased the home and 60 acres (240000 m2) of surrounding land. This became the Frank G. Nifong Memorial Park. Today the home is operated jointly by the Boone County Historical Society and City of Columbia Parks and Recreation.
 The Etobicoke Civic Centre in the Eatonville neighbourhood of Toronto once housed the municipal government of the former City of Etobicoke. The building was built in 1958 to replace the single storey brick Township of Etobicoke Municipal Hall at 4946 Dundas Street (now Fox and a Fiddle). A cenotaph was raised on the site to commemorate the contribution of Etobians during the world wars.
 The Marion County Courthouse in Knoxville Iowa United States was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Midway Atoll (/ˈmɪdweɪ/; also called Midway Island and Midway Islands; Hawaiian: Pihemanu Kauihelani)is a 2.4-square-mile (6.2 km2) atoll in the North Pacific Ocean. As its name suggests Midway is roughly equidistant between North America and Asia and lies almost halfway around the world longitudinally from Greenwich UK.
 Belt-Gaskin House is a historic home located at Auburn in Cayuga County New York. It is a two-story three-bay frame house built about 1868. The house was built by African Americans Thomas and Rachel Belt who returned to the U.S. from Canada after the conclusion of the Civil War.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Folksamhuset (Swedish for Folksam Building) is a high-rise office building at Skanstull on Södermalm Stockholm and was erected in 1959 as the head office for the insurance company Folksam.
 Cairnbrook Historic District is a national historic district located at Shade Township in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 132 contributing buildings and 8 contributing structures. It encompasses an area developed by the Loyal Hanna Coal and Coke Company of Philadelphia Pennsylvania between 1912 and 1920. It includes the remaining extant mine resources and the archaeological remains of the mine.
 Capitol Place is a high-rise building located in Washington D.C. United States. The building rises to 164 feet (50 m) containing 12 floors.
 Harmony Historic District also known as Secular Harmony Historic District is a national National Historic Landmark District located along Pennsylvania Route 68 at Harmony Butler County Pennsylvania. USA. It is the site of the first settlement established by the Harmony Society when they immigrated to the United States around 1804. The district includes 10 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in Harmony. They include the Great House or Bentle Building (c.
 Long Meadow also known as the Cyrus Rhodes House is a historic home located near Harrisonburg Rockingham County Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story three-bay double-pile brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It sits on an English basement has a low-pitched standing seam metal hipped roof and central-passage plan. Also on the property are the contributing frame bank barn (c.
 The Massanetta Springs Historic District is a retreat in Rockingham County Virginia administered by the Presbyterian Synod of Virginia and chiefly associated with the Massanetta Springs Summer Bible Conference Encampment. The district includes the Hotel (1910) Hudson Auditorium (1922) and Camp Massanetta (1955-56). A Methodist camp existed at the site originally known as Taylor's Springs from 1816.
 Shwenandaw Monastery (Burmese: ရွှေနန်းတော်ကျောင်း; MLCTS: hrwe. nan: taw kyaung: IPA: [ʃwènándɔ̀ tʃáun]; lit. Golden Palace Monastery) is a historic Buddhist monastery located near Mandalay Hill Mandalay Region Myanmar (formerly Burma).Shwenandaw Monastery was built in 1880 by King Thibaw Min who dismantled and relocated the apartment formerly occupied by his father King Mindon Min just before Mindon Min's death at a cost of 120000 rupees.
 The Elm Grove Stone Arch Bridge also known as the Monument Place Bridge is the oldest extant bridge built in 1817 in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The bridge carries U.S. Route 40 over Little Wheeling Creek in Elm Grove. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 21 1981.
 J. C. Lore Oyster House also known as J. C. Lore and Sons Inc. Seafood Packing Plant is located in Solomons Calvert County Maryland. It is a large two story rectangular frame industrial building constructed in 1934 as a seafood packing plant. It replaced a 1922 building that was destroyed by the 1933 Chesapeake Potomac hurricane.
 The Providence Steel and Iron Company Complex is an historic building at 27 Sims Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1902 by Houlihan and Maguire and Seabury Dwight Co. and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Athassel Priory is the largest medieval priory in Ireland stretching over a four acre site. The priory dates back to the 12th century when it was founded by the Augustinians under the patronage of Walter de Burgh 1st Earl of Ulster the original buildings were altered and renovated over the next 300 years. The priory was burnt twice once in 1329 by Brian King of Thomond and again in 1581 by John Fitzgerald of Desmond.
 Ali Trade Center is a future project of a shopping mall in Lahore.It is under construction on M. M. Alam Road Gulberg which is the central business district of Lahore. The Mall will have many specialized outlets with a variety of items such as souvenirs clothing and antiques. It will be the largest and most complete shopping center in Lahore as well as Punjab Pakistan.
 The Izaak Walton Inn is a historic inn in Essex Montana USA. It was originally built by the Great Northern Railway in 1939 for lodging railway workers. In addition to railway lodging the hotel was also originally envisioned to perhaps become an official southern gateway to Glacier National Park but that plan never materialized. Today the inn is at the only flag stop along the route of Amtrak's Empire Builder.
 The Cassel Hospital was founded and endowed by Ernest Cassel in England in 1919. It was initially for the treatment of shell shock victims. Originally in Penshurst Kent it moved to Stoke-on-Trent during World War II. In 1948 it relocated to its present site at No. 1 Ham Common Ham.
 Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic church located at 128 Gove Street in East Boston Massachusetts.
 River Bend Farm is a historic farm located in East Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania in a bend of the Schuylkill River near Pottstown. The farm house is a good example of early Chester County construction techniques being built with stuccoed stone walls and pegged rafters. The farm was owned but not lived in by Michael Hillegas the first Treasurer of the United States.
 Shallcross is a Queen Anne style house built in 1898 in Anchorage Kentucky by William B. Wood.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for its architectural significance.
 North Oaks Farm is an open-air museum in North Oaks Minnesota United States preserving buildings of a 3300-acre (1300 ha) demonstration farm established by railroad magnate James J. Hill in 1883. Elements of the farm were listed on the National Register of Historic Places as James J.
 The Church of Saint Charles Borromeo and Our Lady of the Assumption (Spanish: Iglesia de San Carlos Borromeo y Nuestra Señora de la Asunción) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Prado Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 29 April 1934.The temple is an interesting example of Modern Architecture using reinforced concrete with parabolic shapes; the project was designed by architect Juan Pablo Terra the structural calculation by Eladio Dieste the acoustics by Luis García Pardo and the construction was performed by the company Álvaro Palenga in 1956.
 Hatfield Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Sarah Ann Logan County West Virginia. The earliest burial dates to 1898 and is the grave of Captain S. Hatfield (1891–1898). The cemetery features the grave and monument with a life-size statue of Captain Anderson Devil Anse Hatfield erected in 1926. It is notable as a burial place for members of the Hatfield family early settlers of the region and participants in the famous Hatfield-McCoy feud during the 19th century.
 Town of Niagara District School No. 2 is a historic One-room school located at Niagara in Niagara County New York. It is a one story frame structure built in 1878. It operated as a school until 1954 then a school book depository. In 1980 it became home to the Town of Niagara Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Swissôtel Nai Lert Park Hotel is a luxury hotel in Wireless Road Bangkok Thailand. It is operated by Swissôtel as part of the Fairmont Raffles Hotels International chain of 98 hotels and was established in 1984 originally as a Hilton Hotel. It contains 338 rooms.
 Dixboro United Methodist Church is a historic church located at 5221 Church Street in Dixboro Michigan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971. It is significant as a nearly unaltered example of a mid-19th century Greek Revival style church designed by a professional architect.
 Mounds Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Anderson Indiana United States. Opened in 1965 it was the first fully enclosed shopping mall developed by Simon Property Group. Mounds Mall features two Carson's stores a small food court and a multiplex movie theater. It also includes more than thirty other tenants.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity or commonly known as the Premonstratensian church (Slovak: Premonštrátny kostol) or initially the Jesuit church (Slovak: Jezuitský kostol) is a Roman Catholic church in Košice Slovakia. It is an example of Baroque architecture in the city and was the site of the martyrdom of three saints in 1619.
 120 Wall Street is a skyscraper in Wall Street New York City United States which was completed in 1930. The building is 399 ft (122 m) tall has 34 floors and is located along Wall Street Pine Street and South Street.
 The Cole Museum of Zoology is a university museum part of the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Reading. It is located on the university's Whiteknights Campus in the town of Reading Berkshire England. The collection was established in the early 20th century by Francis J. Cole (Professor of Zoology) Dr Nellie B. Eales (who catalogued the collection) and Mr Stoneman from 1907 to 1939 when Cole retired.
 Beaverhead Rock also known as Point of Rocks is a rock formation in Montana. It is located on Montana State Highway 41 14 miles (23 km) south of Twin Bridges of Madison County. The rock formation is protected within Beaverhead Rock State Park and is located above the Beaverhead River.
 Eid Church (Norwegian: Eid kyrkje) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Nordfjordeid. The church is part of the Eid parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1849 by Claus Wiese using plans from Hans Linstow. The church was consecrated on 29 October 1849. It seats about 550 people. This is the fifth church building to sit at Nordfjordeid.
 Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is a bronze statue by William Couper and Thomas Ball.It is located at the intersection of M Street and Connecticut Avenue N.W. Washington D.C. It was dedicated on May 7 1909.
 Charlestown Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the northern end of Finglas in Dublin that opened in October 2007
 The Scotsman Hotel Edinburgh opened in 2001 in the Edwardian (1905) building which had housed The Scotsman newspaper for nearly a century. The hotel is located on North Bridge between the Royal Mile and Princes Street thereby straddling Edinburgh’s Medieval Old Town and Georgian New Town.
 New Romney Priory was a priory in Kent England.
 Pacific Place is an upscale shopping center located in downtown Seattle WA on Sixth Avenue and Pine Street. It includes a skybridge that connects it to Seattle's Nordstrom. The shopping center opened in October of the year 1998 and has a total area of 335000 square feet (31100 m2). Of its 5 floors the top floor features an 11-screen AMC Theatre (formerly by General Cinema) and dining. On the mid level the center has an entrance to the Barney's store.
 New Wine Church is a Pentecostal London-based church in Greenwich borough. The founder and senior minister for many years was Tayo Adeyemi who died after a period of illness at the age of 48 on 30 June 2013.The church originally met in a leased facility. They then purchased and renovated one of four cinemas in Woolwich. The area once had four cinemas. Today one is a bingo hall another a nightclub and another (which once hosted Buddy Holly) is now New Wine Church.
 Rosebud Battlefield State Park or Rosebud Battlefield-Where the Girl Saved Her Brother is the site of the Battle of the Rosebud. The battle known also as Crook's Fight on the Rosebud or Battle of Rosebud Creek was fought on June 17 1876.Located in Big Horn County Montana the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. In 2008 it was designated a National Historic Landmark.The undeveloped park offers hiking hunting picnicking and wildlife viewing.
 The Farglory Ocean Park (Chinese: 遠雄海洋公園; pinyin: Yuǎnxióng Hǎiyáng Gōngyuán) or Hualien Ocean Park is a water theme park in Shoufeng Township Hualien Taiwan.
 The Flying Cloud is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1932 by John B. Harrison in Tilghman Maryland. She is built with carvel-fitted rising planks a clipper bow and a sharp stern. She measures 34'-11 long with a beam of 8'-8½. The boat is privately owned and races under the No. 22. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s.
 Haj House is a complex in Lucknow in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It provides accommodation to the Haj bound Muslim people . Being the largest state of India Uttar Pradesh has the maximum quota for haj pilgrims in India. Uttar Pradess Haj Committeee is situated in the Haj house Lucknow.
 Wood Lawn also known as Woodlawn is a Planter's home built in 1836 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Located 1-mile (1.6 km) north of Davidson North Carolina the house is a fine example of the Federal-Greek Revival style of architecture often built in the Piedmont area during this period. The house was built by Dr. George Washington Stinson one of the first trustees of Davidson College which was founded in 1837.
 H. Allen Wagener House also known as Brandywine is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is a Classical Revival style structure built about 1935.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Avondale Mill was a large gable-front stone structure three stories in height and 10 bays long by three wide. It was located on the bank of the Patuxent River in the city of Laurel Prince George's County Maryland. It was constructed in 1844-1845. At that time it was provided with the machinery for the manufacture of fine cloth running 1500 cotton spindles. In the mid-1850s it was converted to a gristmill.
 The Cochran Grange also known as John P. Cochran House is a historic home located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1842 and 1845 and consists of a two-story five bay main block with a two-story wing. The design is influenced by the Greek Revival Italianate and Georgian styles. The house features a two-story porch supported by Doric order columns and a flat roof surmounted by a square cupola. Cochran Grange was the home of John P.
 St. Agnes Kouying Tsao Catholic Church (Traditional Chinese: 天主教聖曹桂英堂) formerly known as Blessed Agnes Kouying Tsao Catholic Mission was founded in 1992 by Rev. Fr. Nicola Ruggiero an Italian missionary preaching in Hong Kong. St. Agnes was built in response to the growing religious demands of Chinese Christian immigrants flooding into the Markham area from places like Hong Kong and Mainland China. On October 1 2000 Pope John Paul II canonized St.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Aurora Indiana is a congregation and church of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) established in the mid-19th Century. The original building completed in 1855 is still used and is believed to have been designed by architect John R. Hamilton.
 The Hunt-Sitterding House located at 901 Floyd Avenue in Richmond Virginia is a late Victorian Era building originally constructed to serve as residence and office of the architect and contractor Gilbert J. Hunt Jr. (1843-1921).It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2008 (building listing #08000877).
 The Matcal Tower is a 17-floor high-rise building in HaKirya Tel Aviv Israel. It houses government and military offices. It was built in 2003 and is located close to the Azrieli Center and Marganit Tower.The tower and the bridge connecting the base is located in (Camp Rabin) with the Azrieli Center and were designed by the Moore Yaski Sivan Architects.It was originally planned to include 14 floors and no helipad.
 The McLean County Courthouse and Square is located in downtown Bloomington Illinois. The site is on the National Register of Historic Places and encompasses the old McLean County Courthouse and the courthouse-facing sides of three downtown blocks. The historic buildings at the other side of the square were destroyed by fire in the 1980s. The Square is bordered by four Bloomington streets: Main Street Center Street Jefferson Street and Washington Street.
 Immaculate Conception Church is a historic church at 115 N. Cushman Street in Fairbanks Alaska.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 St Mary's Church Washbrook is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Washbrook Suffolk England (grid reference TM110426). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position in fields about 3 miles (5 km) west of the centre of Ipswich.
 The Blue Hen Mall (now the Blue Hen Corporate Center) is a defunct shopping mall on Bay Road in Dover Delaware. The mall opened in August 1968 and was the main mall in the Dover area until the Dover Mall opened in 1982 leading to its decline. In the 1990s the mall was converted into a corporate center.
 The Estonian Sports Museum founded in 1963 and modernised in 2001 is the largest sports museum in the Baltic states. The museum is located on Rüütli street in Tartu Estonia and the museum has a small outpost in Otepää that concentrates on the Winter sports. The museum director is Daimar Lell.
 The Moses Morse House is a historic house at 311 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts USA. It is a rare surviving farmhouse in the town with 18th century origins with its oldest elements dating to c. 1762. It is a 2½ story wood frame house with a massive central chimney and a small single story ell on the left side. The ell appears to date from near the house's original construction and the chimney is slightly off-center indicating the house may have been built in stages.
 Synod Hospital is a general hospital with registered capacity of 300 beds situated in Aizawl Mizoram. The hospital is widely known among Mizo people as Durtlang Hospital
 Coombes Church is a Church of England parish church in the rural hamlet of Coombes in the Adur District of West Sussex England. It has served the rural parish northwest of Shoreham-by-Sea and next to the River Adur since the 11th century. Despite several rebuildings some structural elements remain from that period. An important series of wall paintings dating from the 12th to the 18th centuries were uncovered in 1949.
 The Cold Lake Museums are four museums that are located on the old facility of 42 Radar Squadron on the north edge of Cold Lake South. The museums included are the Cold Lake Air Force Museum as well as the Oil and Gas Heritage and Aboriginal Museums. Visitors enter from into the Air Force Museum First then pass through a covered hallway to the other three museums. The museums first opened its doors on July 1 1998. At this time only the Heritage and Air Force Museums were open.
 The Auberge d'Auvergne (Maltese: Berġa ta' Alvernja) was one of the eight auberges built in Valletta Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Auvergne until the French occupation of Malta in 1798. Auberge d'Auvergne was located in Great Siege Square in Strada San Giorgio which is now known as Republic Street. The Auberge had a square plan with a central courtyard. This was surrounded by arches on two sides.
 Lee-Throckmorton-McDonald House also known as Rural Hill is a historic home located near Inwood Berkeley County West Virginia. It was originally built in 1810 as a log home and substantially enlarged in 1880. It was enlarged again in 1939 and sheathed in a limestone veneer. The front entrance features a pedimented portico. A rear kitchen wing was added in 1981.
 Jedediah Hotchkiss House also known as Old Stone House is a historic home located at Windsor in Broome County New York. It was built about 1823 and is a two story dwelling with a gable roof constructed of roughly squared creek and fieldstone. It was the birthplace of educator and American Civil War cartographer and topographer Jedediah Hotchkiss (1828–1899).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Borrekens Castle known also as Vorselaar Castle or Kasteel de Borrekens is a castle within the municipality of Vorselaar in the Belgian province of Antwerp. See also http://www.castles.nl/eur/be/bor/bor.html
 Bennington No. 4 also known as the Bennington School is a one-room schoolhouse near Waterloo Iowa. Built in 1911 it served four sections which provided as many as thirty or more students for first through eighth grades. Students in higher grades attended East Waterloo High School. The school served the predominantly German-American community until 1955 when it was closed. While it was open the school also served as a community center.
 Kabul Serena Hotel is a luxury hotel in central Kabul Afghanistan. It is set in landscaped gardens overlooking the city's famous Zarnegar Park. Originally built in 1945 the hotel has been completely refurbished and extended in recent years reopening in 2005. The Hotel houses the Australian embassy in Afghanistan. It has also twice been the subject of terrorist attacks once in January 2008 and once more in March of 2014. Today the hotel has 177 rooms and suites.
 Indwe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Indwe in the Emalahleni Local Municipality Eastern Cape area in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Out Patients Department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Hardy Dam (or Hardy Hydroelectric Plant) is a dam and powerplant complex on the Muskegon River in Big Prairie Township Newaygo County Michigan. At the time of its completion it was the largest earthen dam in North America east of the Mississippi and is still the third largest earthen dam in the world and the largest east of the Mississippi River. Its impoundment forms a lake with over 50 miles of shoreline.
 The Radisson Blu Alcron Hotel is a hotel in Prague on Stepanska just off Wenceslas Square the main plaza in the city center.The Hotel Alcron was constructed by its owner/architect Alois Krofta a local businessman and opened in 1932. Krofta named the hotel after himself taking the first two letters of his first and last names and adding an n to match the Alcron a boat from Greek mythology.
 St Martin's Cathedral (Dutch: Sint-Maartenskathedraal) also called St Martin's Church (Dutch: Sint-Maartenskerk) is a church and former cathedral in the Belgian city of Ypres. It was a cathedral and the seat of the former diocese of Ypres from 1561 to 1801 and is still commonly referred to as such. At 102 metres (335 ft) tall it is among the tallest buildings in Belgium.
 The Fazl Mosque (also known as the London Mosque) in London was inaugurated on October 23 1926. It was the first Ahmadiyya mosque built in Britain and the first purpose built mosque in London. The majority of the money was contributed by Ahmadi women in India who gave their jewellery and belongings to build the first purpose-built mosque in London.The Fazl Mosque is located in Southfields London near King George's Park and Southfields train station.
 The University of Ottawa Heart Institute (UOHI) is Canada’s largest and foremost cardiovascular health centre. It began as a department in The Ottawa Hospital and since has evolved into Canada’s only complete cardiac centre encompassing prevention diagnosis treatment rehabilitation research and education. UOHI cares for more than 80000 cardiac patients each year and patient satisfaction is among the highest in Ontario averaging 98 percent.
 The Academia Mexicana de Genealogía y Heráldica (Mexican Academy of Genealogy and Heraldry) is a cultural institution based in Mexico City Mexico. It has a unique position in being an independent privately funded institution led by eminent historians enthusiasts in the Genealogical and Heraldic Sciences whose purpose is to promote the creation enjoyment and appreciation of the after mentioned sciences through research essays colloquiums courses exhibitions education and debate.
 Coast at Lakeshore East (sometimes Coast) originally known as Lakeshore East Building 2-A is a 46-story residential skyscraper in the Lakeshore East development in the Loop community area of downtown Chicago. The building is located at 345 East Wacker Drive. It is the eighth 21st century skyscraper at Lakeshore East. It is the first smoke-free residential building in Lakeshore East.Groundbreaking for the building occurred in June 2011 and occupancy is expected to commence in 2013.
 North Salem Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Salem Center Westchester County New York. It was built about 1770 by the DeLancey family as a private home. It has been used for governmental and educational functions since 1773. It is a three story frame building covered in clapboard five bays wide and three bays deep on a fieldstone foundation in a vernacular Georgian style. It has a gambrel roof topped by a six-sided cupola.
 The David W. Dyer Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse formerly known simply as the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse is an historic United States Post Office and federal courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida located at 300 Northeast 1st Avenue in Miami Florida. Built in 1931 of limestone it is the largest such structure in South Florida.The building was listed in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Allegheny County Courthouse is a government building of Allegheny County located in Downtown of the county seat Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The complex is bordered by wide thoroughfares named for city founders James Ross (Ross Street) John Forbes (Forbes Avenue) and James Grant (Grant Street).
 The James Mangum House is a historic home located near Creedmoor North Carolina. The house built in 1838 is an example of Federal architecture. In November 1974 the James Mangum House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The James Mangum House placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 stands on the eastern shores of Beaverdam Lake in northwestern Wake County North Carolina. In the 1970s the U.S.
 Overlook is a historic house in Asheville North Carolina. It was built from 1912–14 for Fred Loring Seely the son in law of Edwin Wiley Grove. He built the castle after his father-in-law gave him ten acres on top of Sunset Mountain. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 22 1980.
 Queens Hotel is a luxury hotel in Southsea Portsmouth Hampshire. The current hotel was built in 1903 by the architect T.W. Cutler in the Edwardian baroque style in brown terracotta. It replaced the original Southsea House which had been built by the architect Augustus Livesay in 1861 and gutted by a fire on December 8 1891.
 The Brass Mill Center is a shopping mall located in Waterbury Connecticut. The mall and its accompanying complex the Brass Mill Commons cost $160 million to build. At 1180000 square feet (110000 m2) it is Connecticut's fifth largest mall containing over 130 shops. It is located off Interstate 84 in Waterbury Connecticut just east of downtown. The mall's slogan is Mix it Up! which is one of the major slogans used by the mall's owner General Growth Properties.
 Mobile National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Mobile Alabama. It encompasses 5.2 acres (2.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 5326 interments. It is an annex to the larger Magnolia Cemetery. Mobile National Cemetery is administered by Barrancas National Cemetery in Pensacola Florida and is currently closed to new interments.
 The Fountain Fox Beattie House which is also known as Greenville Woman's Club is a historic house in Greenville South Carolina It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Musical Instrument Museum (MIM) is a music museum in central Brussels Belgium. It is part of the Royal Museums for Art and History and internationally renowned for its collection of over 8000 instruments.
 The Musée Sainte-Croix is the largest museum in Poitiers France.Planned by the architect poitevin Jean Monge and built in 1974 it stands at the site of the former Abbaye Sainte-Croix which was moved to Saint-Benoît Vienne. It is a constructed of concrete and glass in the 1970s style.The museum hosts a permanent exhibition on periods from prehistory to the contemporary art through the medieval period and the Fine arts.
 Camp-Woods also known as Collenbrook is a historic home and associated buildings located at Villanova Delaware County Pennsylvania. The house built between 1910 and 1912 is a two-story brick and limestone F-shaped house in an Italianate-Georgian style. It measures 160 feet in length and 32 feet deep at the waist. It has a slate roof Doric order limestone cornice open loggia porches and a covered entrance porch supported by Doric order columns.
 The Orpheum Lofts (originally the Title and Trust Building) is an 11-story high-rise building in Phoenix Arizona designed in Art Deco style by local architects Lescher & Mahoney. It was the largest office building in Arizona at the time of its construction in 1930. The grand opening took place on January 31 1931.
 The Newport Sports Museum is a sports museum in Newport Beach California USA. It is a 501c3 nonprofit organization.
 Christ Church Cathedral built in 1916 to replace the earlier 1874 building is the Episcopal cathedral in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It is the mother church for the Episcopal Diocese of Eau Claire the see of which is located in Eau Claire. The cathedral and parish house were added to the National Register of Historical Places in 1982.
 The Oswald Nitschke House is located in Kenilworth Union County New Jersey United States. The clapboard wood frame farmhouse was built c. 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 17 2008.It is named for Oswald J. Nitschke a mayor of Kenilworth who served three terms and supported Kenilworth's 1907 incorporation.In 2003 commercial development threatened to demolish the house but the Kenilworth Historical Society moved the building 1500 feet to save it.
 The Lincoln Branch Library is a former Carnegie library in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Duluth Minnesota that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The branch began operation in 1892 opening in the historic building in 1917. The building served as a library until 1990 and has been owned by the Duluth Art Institute since 1992. The structure was built of brick and limestone in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 The Groton Inn was a historic inn on Main Street in Groton Massachusetts.The Old Groton Inn was an inn consisting of three historic structures located in Groton Massachusetts. The oldest structure was complete in 1678 making the inn the oldest in the United States. From 1797 until 1847 the inn served as a meeting place for St. Paul's Masonic Lodge where Paul Revere was Grand Master. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Bridge in Athens Township is a historic Pennsylvania (petit) truss bridge in Athens Township and Athens Bradford County Pennsylvania. It spans the Susquehanna River. It was built between 1913 and 1916 and measures 540 feet (164.6 m) long. It has two spans; one measuring 253 feet (77.1 m) long and built by the Penn Bridge Co. and the second measuring 287 feet (87.5 m) long and built by the Bethlehem Steel Bridge Co.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St Martin's Church Bole is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Bole Nottinghamshire.
 Silver Lake Dam is located off Silver Lake Road just outside the village of Woodridge New York United States. It was built in the 1840s to regulate Sandburg Creek which provided water to the summit of the Delaware and Hudson Canal 10 miles (16 km) to the southeast.
 The Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Adormirea Maicii Domnului) is the most famous Romanian Orthodox church of Cluj-Napoca Romania. Built in a Romanian Brâncovenesc style a synthesis of Renaissance and Byzantine architecture it lies on the Avram Iancu Square together with the Cluj-Napoca National Theatre and the Avram Iancu Statue.The Cathedral is the seat of the Metropolitan of Cluj Alba Crișana and Maramureș.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Trinity is the cathedral for the Church of England Diocese of Gibraltar in Europe. Located in Cathedral Square it is sometimes referred to simply as Gibraltar Cathedral although it should not be confused with the Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned which is Gibraltar's Roman Catholic cathedral. The cathedral is particularly notable for its Moorish revival architecture particularly in its use of horseshoe arches.
 Church of St. Stefan Štiljanović (Serbian: Crkva svetog Stefana ŠtiljanovićaSerbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Стефана Штиљановића) in Karanac is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church is dedicated to St. Stefan Štiljanović.
 The Henry Ford Square House (also known as the Henry Ford Honeymoon House) is a single-family house located at 29835 Beechwood Avenue in Garden City Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Uranienborg church is in Uranienborg height next to Uranienborg park behind the Royal Palace in Oslo Norway. The church was designed by Balthazar Lange and was consecrated on 22 December 1886 and had 1020 seats. The building is given a sober Gothic feel and is decorated with stained glass by the artist Emanuel Vigeland. In 1930 the interior received its present form by architect Arnstein Arneberg. The church has 1020 seats.
 Hawthorne Plaza is a partially dead mall along Hawthorne Boulevard between 120th Street and El Segundo Blvd in Hawthorne California. The 40-acre (16 ha) property opened in 1977 and included an indoor mall and free standing stores at the property's south end.
 The Albany Glassworks Site is an archeological site in Guilderland Albany County New York. Approximately 2 acres (0.81 ha) in size it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The site is a historic industrial site that was in use from 1785 to 1815. The archeological site was identified to an archeologist in 1961 and was investigated in digs in 1963 and later.
 Waterplace is the name of a high-rise residential condominium project in Providence Rhode Island. The project completed construction in mid-2008 and was developed by Intercontinental Real Estate Corporation. The two towers which are 235 feet (72 m) and 213 ft (65 m) high contain 193 luxury condominiums. The price range for units in the $100 million complex will start at $300000 and top out at more than $1 million.
 Bellevue also known as Wavertree Hall Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Batesville Albemarle County Virginia. The main house was built in 1859 and is a two-story hip-roofed brick building with a two-story pedimented portico. It features wide bracketed eaves in the Italianate style and Greek Revival trim and woodwork. There are two 1 1/2 story brick wings on either side of the main block added about 1913 and a two-story brick south wing added in the 1920s.
 The David W. Smouse Opportunity School is an historical building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. The building was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Rawson Souers & Thomas in the Tudor Revival style. The school opened in 1931 and served the educational needs of 165 students with physical disabilities and were unable to attend a regular public school. The facility was designed for their individual needs.
 Crystal River Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Crystal River Florida. Opened in 1990 it is anchored by Kmart.
 The Neely Mansion a Victorian style residence built in 1894 is located near the eastern edge of Auburn King County Washington. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and the Washington State Heritage Register. From the 1950s to the 1970s the building deteriorated severely until local citizens moved to save and restore the building.
 Calgary TELUS Convention Centre is a convention centre in Calgary Alberta Canada that was completed in 1974. The facility offers 122000 square feet of convention space over 47000 square feet of exhibit space five pre-function areas and 36 meeting rooms.The main level of the North Building has nine Telus Meeting Rooms adjacent to a large reception area plus two meeting rooms with a semi-private reception area.
 Lisbon Railroad Depot is a historic railway station located at Lisbon in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1930 as the second reconstruction of a railway depot at Lisbon by the Rutland Railway. It is a one story frame building measuring 23 feet by 68 feet with a hipped roof and wide overhanging eaves. It closed as a depot in 1961 and is now the town museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Dung Gate (also known as Hebrew: שַׁעַר הַאַשָּׁפוּת Sha'ar Ha'ashpot Gate of Silwan Moroccan Gate Arabic: باب المغاربة‎) is one of the gates in the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem.The gate is situated near the southeast corner of the old city southwest of the Temple Mount.The gate is the closest to the Western Wall and is a main passage for vehicles. It was originally much smaller but was enlarged in 1952 after the Old City came under Jordanian control in 1948.
 Arlington is a historic home located at Westover Somerset County Maryland and is located at the end of James Ring Road on Maryland Route 361. It is a prominent mid-18th-century Flemish bond brick dwelling. It was built around 1750 by Ephraim Wilson the two-story center hall single-pile house is highlighted by glazed checkerboard brick patterns on each wall.
 The Great Mosque of Kairouan (جامع القيروان الأكبر) also known as the Mosque of Uqba (Arabic: مسجد عقبة بن نافع من‎) is one of the most important mosques in Tunisia situated in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Kairouan.Established by the Arab general Uqba ibn Nafi in 670 AD (the year 50 according to the Islamic calendar) at the founding of the city of Kairouan the mosque is spread over a surface area of 9000 square metres and it is one of the oldest places of worship in the Islamic world as well as a model for all later mosques in the Maghreb.The Great Mosque of Kairouan is one of the most impressive and largest Islamic monuments in North Africa its perimeter is almost equal to 405 metres (1328 feet).This vast space contains a hypostyle prayer hall a huge marble-paved courtyard and a massive square minaret. 
 St Andrew's Church Buckland is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Buckland Hertfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the highest point in the village to the east of Ermine Street now the A10 road between Royston and Buntingford.
 Barwon Health is a health care provider in Australia with services ranging from hospital rehabilitation elderly care community health centres and mental health services. Founded in 1998 Barwon Health is among the largest comprehensive regional health services in Australia and also one of the largest regional employers in that country.
 Sabeco World Trade Center is the unofficial name of a skyscraper proposed to be constructed in 2010 at 2-4-6 Hai Ba Trung District 1 Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. This tower which was not developed was expected to have 40 floors feature a traditional Vietnamese house and be one of the highest buildings in Vietnam. The architect of the tower was Architect HOK International. As of 2010 the highest building in Vietnam is Bitexco Financial Tower in Ho Chi Minh City.
 The Crowne Plaza Hotel Billings formerly known as the Sheraton Billings Hotel is a high-rise located in the Downtown Business District of Billings Montana. It is the second-tallest building in the northern Rocky Mountain region and was the tallest from 1980 - 1985 until the completion of the First Interstate Center also in Billings. Construction started on the building in 1979 and was completed in 1980; it rises 245 feet (75 m) in height.
 Original Church of God (Sanctified Church) is an historic church building at 115 Gordon Street in Pulaski Tennessee. The brick structure was built in 1907.The Original Church of God is an African American Pentecostal denomination. The congregation in Pulaski which formed in 1906 is the earliest known congregation of this denomination in Tennessee.The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Fertőrákos Mithraeum is a temple to the Roman god Mithras at Fertőrákos in Hungary. The temple (known as a mithraeum) follows a typical plan of a narthex followed by the shrine proper that consists of a sunken central nave with podium benches on either side.
 The Clifford B. Connelley Trade School (also known as Connelley School) located at 1501 Bedford Avenue in the Crawford–Roberts neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA was built in 1930. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 30 1986 and to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
 A. P. W. Kennan House is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped shingled hip-roofed dwelling. It features a gable-roofed pavilion on the east side and a massive second floor Palladian window. It is representative of the Colonial Revival style. Also on the property is the building containing the original garage / servant's quarters.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Johnson-Jolls Complex also known as the Dr. Willard B. Jolls House is a historic home located at Orchard Park in Erie County New York. It is an Italianate style brick house built in 1869. The house was built originally for merchant Ambrose Johnson; in 1902 it was purchased by Dr. Willard B. Jolls who resided there until his death in 1963.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Eastfield Mall is a shopping mall in Springfield Massachusetts and is owned by Mountain Development Corporation. Built in late 1967 by the Rouse Company it includes two anchor stores: Macy's and Sears. Third anchor JCPenney closed in 2011. The mall is managed by Mountain Development.
 Cheltenham Minster St Mary's (Grid reference: SO 947225) is a minster and the parish church of Cheltenham.
 The Paxton Hotel formerly known as Paxton Manor and currently known as The Paxton is located at 1403 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. Designed by local architect Joseph G. McArthur the current building was constructed in 1928 with its predecessor dating from 1882. Named for local businessman and community leader William A. Paxton today the building houses luxury condominia. It is one of the few significant Art Deco structures in Omaha today.
 Burg Karlstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Henry Tunis Smith Farm also known as the Middlebrook Farm is a historic farmhouse located at Nassau in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built in 1789 in the Federal style. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story main block five bays wide with a 1-story three-bay wing. The front facade features a finely detailed frieze.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.The house sits on a historic property that traces back to the 17th century Dutch estate Rensselaerswyck.
 Mandarin Oriental Miami is a hotel located on Brickell Key in Miami Florida overlooking Biscayne Bay. The 326-room waterfront hotel opened in November 2000 and is managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. In addition to the 295 guestrooms and 31 suites the hotel operates the restaurants Azul and Café Sambal the Lobby Lounge and M-Bar. Additional hotel features include a Forbes Travel Guide Five-Star spa private beach sushi and pool bar and events facilities.
 The Fourth and Madison Building (formerly the IDX Tower) is a 40-story skyscraper in downtown Seattle Washington. The building is located at 925 Fourth Avenue at the intersection with Madison Street.
 The Gus Fisher Gallery is part of The University of Auckland’s National Institute of Creative Arts and Industries (NICAI) and is located in The Kenneth Myers Centre an historic building restored in 2000 with the help of the gallery's patron Gus Fisher (1920–2010).It is operated by the The University of Auckland Centre for Art Research which was established in 2005 to support and develop the academic and research activities connected with the Gus Fisher Gallery The University of Auckland Art Collection and Window. 
 Danevirke Museum is a museum located a few kilometers just outside of the city of Schleswig Schleswig-Holstein and the text inside the museum is written in both Danish and German. It opened in 1990 and focuses on the history of Dannewerk from the Viking Age to the present.
 Arcola Elementary School is a historic elementary school building located at Arcola Loudoun County Virginia. It was originally built in 1939 as a six-room one-story Colonial Revival style school as part of the Public Works Administration building campaign. It has a hipped roof and projecting central pavilion with pediment frontispiece and recessed entrance. Flanking classroom wings were added in 1939 1951 and 1956.
 Calderwood Dam is a hydroelectric dam located along the Little Tennessee River in Blount and Monroe counties in the U. S. state of Tennessee. Completed in 1930 the dam is owned and maintained by Tapoco a subsidiary of the Aluminum Company of America (Alcoa) although the Tennessee Valley Authority controls the dam's reservoir levels from Fontana Dam further upstream.
 The Walcott Covered Bridge The Walcott Covered Bridge is situated at a point where Kentucky Highway 1159 previously crossed Locust Creek in Bracken County Kentucky. A concrete bridge was constructed in 1954 about 200 feet northwest of the covered bridge and the older structure was then bypassed by highway traffic.
 Maryland White Lead Works is a historic lead paint factory complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a U-shaped industrial complex constructed about 1867. It consists of nine interconnected brick and wood-frame buildings which vary in height from one to four stories surrounding a yard. The complex includes the powerhouse two production sheds a manufactory loft with an office wing and a service building.
 Antai-ji (安泰寺) is a Buddhist temple that belongs to the Sōtō school of Zen Buddhism. It is located in the town of Shin'onsen Mikata District in northern Hyōgo Prefecture Japan where it sits on about 50 hectares of land in the mountains close to a national park on the Sea of Japan. It accepts visitors in the summer months but is inaccessible during the winter because of the heavy snow.
 In 1864 St. Mary’s Catholic Church relocated from its original site at Fifth and Brown Streets to Columbia Street. With the move many of the congregation also moved to this area. The Church became both a religious and social center for the neighborhood.
 Subang Parade is the first shopping centre in Subang Jaya Selangor Malaysia. It is located near Wisma Consplant (formerly Wisma Tractors until 1995) and Empire Subang in SS16. Its anchor tenant is the Parkson Department store. It is one of the oldest shopping centres in Malaysia and a household name amongst the community of Subang Jaya and beyond.
 Bryce Hospital opened in 1861 in Tuscaloosa Alabama USA is Alabama's oldest and largest inpatient psychiatric facility. First known as the Alabama State Hospital for the Insane and later as the Alabama Insane Hospital the building is considered an architectural model. The hospital currently houses 268 beds for acute care treatment and rehabilitation of full-time (committed) patients.
 The Mary Rogers Kimball House also known as the Kimball House is located at 2236 St. Mary's Avenue in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.It is an official Omaha City Landmark and also is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by Thomas Kimball.
 The Mud Springs Station Archeological District which includes the Mud Springs Pony Express Station Site near Dalton Nebraska has significance dating to the mid-19th century. The Pony Express station at Mud Springs staffed by U.S. soldiers was attacked by Lakota Cheyenne and Arapaho tribesmen during February 4–6 1865 in what became known as the Battle of Mud Springs.In 1966 the site of the Pony Express station was a 150-by-150-foot (46 m × 46 m) plot.
 St. Mary's Church Radcliffe on Trent is a parish church in the Church of England in Radcliffe on Trent Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The Old Eau Gallie Post Office is a historic U.S. building located at 1596 Highland Avenue in the Eau Gallie section of Melbourne Florida. The building was constructed in 1890s of rusticated block and was used as a post office from 1900-1925.
 The Sumela Monastery (Turkish: Sümela Manastırı Greek: Μονή Παναγίας Σουμελά Moní Panagías Soumelá) is a Greek Orthodox monastery dedicated to the Virgin Mary (Panagia meaning All Holy in Greek) at Melá Mountain (Turkish: Karadağ which is a direct translation of the Greek name Ouros Melá meaning Black Mountain) within the Pontic Mountains (Turkish: Kuzey Anadolu Dağları) range in the Maçka district of Trabzon Province in modern Turkey.
 The Campbellford Memorial Hospital is an Ontario class C and class G 34-bed hospital in the community of Campbellford municipality of Trent Hills Northumberland County in central Ontario Canada. It opened in 1953 is part of the Central East LHIN and is the largest employer in the community. The emergency department had 20448 visits between April 2009 and Mar 2010
 The Suell Winn House is a historic house at 72-74 Elm Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1813-14 for Major Suell Winn a local farmer and is one of the best representatives of Federal style architecture in Wakefield. The 2.5 story wood frame house has two interior chimneys a five bay facade and an elegant doorway with sidelight windows and an architrave. An ell extends the house to the right.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Charles Buck House is a historic house at 68 Pleasant Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Occupying a once prominent location overlooking the town at the junction of Pleasant and Summer Streets this Italianate house was built c. 1880 for Charles Buck owner of a wholesale hide business. The two story frame house features a three bay facade with bay windows flanking a center entry covered by an open porch. Its upper story windows are headed by projecting lintels.
 Home Farm is a historic home located near Leesburg Loudoun County Virginia. The original log section of the house was built about 1757 with a stone addition built about 1810 a frame addition built about 1830 and a frame kitchen addition built about 1930. It is an L-shaped two-story single-pile vernacular house clad in wood siding random rubble fieldstone and brick veneer laid. The interior exhibits stylistic influences of the Federal style.
 Union Avenue Historic District is a historic district in Saratoga Springs New York. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It includes at least the Congress Park portion of the Canfield Casino and Congress Park a U.S. National Historic Landmark District.
 The Madison Gas and Electric Company Powerhouse is located in Madison Wisconsin and is operated by Madison Gas and Electric. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Shenandoah County Farm also known as the Shenandoah County Almshouse and Beckford Parish Glebe Farm is a historic almshouse and poor farm located near Maurertown Shenandoah County Virginia. The almshouse was built in 1829 and is a large brick Federal style institutional building. It consists of a two-story five bay central section flanked by one-story eight bay flanking wings. A nearly identical building is at the Frederick County Poor Farm.
 St Michael and All Angels Church is the parish church of Great Houghton in South Yorkshire.The church is dedicated to St Michael and was originally a private chapel and was built by Sir Edward Rodes the High Sheriff of Yorkshire who was a conspicuous Parliamentarian. It was built about 1650 and used for worship by his family and the tenants of his land.Sir Edward was a great friend of Oliver Cromwell when he was the Lord Protector of England.
 Snellenburg's Clothing Factory is a historic factory complex located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built by the N. Snellenburg & Company and consists of two parts: a large ornate building built in 1903 and a long narrow building built in 1905. They are connected by a bridge at the fourth fifth and sixth floors.
 Buffalo River State Park was an Arkansas state park established in 1938 that was absorbed into Buffalo National River when the Federal park was established in 1972. The area is now known as Buffalo Point. The new state park was developed with Civilian Conservation Corps labor in 1939 with the construction of park structures to plans from the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. The CCC structures now comprise a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
 First Congregational Church is a church of the United Church of Christ located in downtown Long Beach California. The church occupies a historic red brick structure that was built in 1914. The Italian Romanesque Revival building has been designated as a Long Beach Historic Landmark and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Church of Assumption of Blessed Virgin (Croatian: Hram uznesenja presvete Bogorodice Serbian Cyrillic: Храм вазнесења пресвете Богородице) in Negoslavci is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church is dedicated to Assumption of Mary. Beside the church is new parish house. The building and its inventory are separately listed in Register of Cultural Goods of Croatia. Construction activities have been completed in 1757.
 Hopeful Lutheran Church is an historic church built in 1917 in Florence Kentucky. This is the fourth church structure on the site serving the same Lutheran congregation founded in January 1806.A group of 14 families associated with the Hebron Lutheran Church of Germanna Madison Co. VA settled in Boone County in 1805. Family names included Hoffman Rouse Tanner Hanse Carpenter and Zimmermann.
 The Evergreen Maritime Museum (Chinese: 長榮海事博物館; pinyin: Zhǎngróng Hǎishì Bówùguǎn) is a maritime museum in Taipei Taiwan.
 De Lindenhof is a restaurant located in Giethoorn Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1996-2004 and two Michelin stars in the period 2005–present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.0 out of 20 points.De Lindenhof is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 The Nehemiah Lovell House was a historic house at 691 Main Street in the Osterville section of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape style main block of the house was built c. 1789 which was apparently soon followed by a two-story ell to its east. The house was for nearly 100 years in the hands of the Fuller family including Captain David Fuller who was lost at sea in 1854.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Restaurant Savelberg is a restaurant located in The Hague in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1997–presentGaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.Savelberg is one of the founders and still a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.Owner and head chef is Henk Savelberg. He had part-owned the predecessor Vreugd en Rust until he was bought out when the company collapsed.
 The Oberoi Trident Towers is a 25 storey building in Nariman Point Mumbai India. The building is well known as the luxury Trident Mumbai hotel.It became the tallest building in South Asia upon its completion in 1973 surpassing the 105 metres (344 ft) Express Towers also located in Mumbai. It stayed the tallest building in South Asia until 1980 when Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers also known as the BSE Towers was completed.
 For the church in Turin see Basilica di Maria Ausiliatrice.The Church of Saint Mary Help of Christians in Via Tuscolana (Italian: Santa Maria Ausiliatrice Latin: S. Mariae Auxiliatricis in via Tusculana) is a parish and titular church minor basilica of Rome.The titulus S. Mariae Auxiliatricis in via Tusculana was established by Pope Paul VI on June 7 1967 by the apostolic constitution Ad gubernacula christianae.
 Atwater-Stone House is a historic home located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame dwelling built about 1812 and expanded in 1850.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Foxboro Grange Hall is a historic grange building at 11-15 Bird Street in Foxboro Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Parramatta Female Factory in the former penal colony of New South Wales is located in the grounds of Cumberland Hospital North Parramatta New South Wales. It was one of 13 female factories in the colonies of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. The factory idea was a combination of the functions of the British bridewells prisons and workhouses.
 The L.B. Robb Drugstore was a historic pharmacy in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Erected in 1860 it was a four-story building constructed of brick on a stone foundation and topped with a slate roof.
 The Leo Baeck Institute is a founding member of the Center for Jewish History and a research library and archive in New York that contains the most significant collection of source material relating to the history of German-speaking Jewry from its origins to Holocaust History and continuing to the present day. In 1955 the Leo Baeck Institute for the study of the history and culture of German-speaking Jewry was founded internationally and Leo Baeck was the international president.
 The Blocker House is a historic plantation home located near Edgefield Edgefield County South Carolina. It was originally built in 1775 as an overseer’s house and was later used by the Blocker family after their large plantation house burned. It is a two-story white clapboard dwelling with a one-story shed-roofed porch supported by four original square columns. The property includes centuries old magnolia and cedar trees a family cemetery and several outbuildings.
 Philadelphia Toboggan Company Carousel Number 15 is a historic carousel currently in storage in Portland Oregon. The carousel has a long travelled history having been assembled and used in seven different location since its initial construction. It was built in 1907 by the Philadelphia Toboggan Company and moved to this site in 1997. It measures 48 feet in diameter and has a 26 foot center pole.
 Collin Creek Mall is a regional shopping mall located at 811 North Central Expressway in Plano Texas (USA) owned and managed by Rouse Properties following the spinoff of Colin Creek and some other malls owned by General Growth Properties into Rouse. The two-level mall opened in 1981 featuring five anchor stores. Collin Creek Mall currently features 150 stores or less and a food court.
 Dreibelbis Mill is a historic grist mill located in Perry Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1854 and is a 2 1/2-story brick building on a banked stone basement. The mill remained in operation until 1985. After 1944 it was powered by a diesel engine.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 HMP Isle of Wight - Camp Hill Barracks is a former Category C men's prison located on the outskirts of Newport Isle of Wight. The former prison lies adjacent to Albany and Parkhurst both part of HMP Isle of Wight.
 The Jakarta Tower (Menara Jakarta) is a partly built tower in Jakarta Indonesia. If completed it will stand 558 m (1831 ft) tall up to the antenna and would be the tallest freestanding tower in the Southern Hemisphere. Located in Kemayoran Central Jakartawork was initially started in 1997 but was halted by the Asian economic crisis. As of 2013 it is still in-hold.
 For other temples called Beth-El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).The Temple Beth-El (Hebrew: ק.ק. בית אל‎) located in downtown Pensacola Florida is the oldest dedicated Jewish house of worship in Florida. The temple was founded in 1876.Beth-El is a member of the Union for Reform Judaism and has led the congregation in Reform Judaism services since the temple's foundation. The current rabbi is Joel Fleekop.
 Union Square is a commercial and residential real estate project in Hong Kong on the West Kowloon reclamation. Covering 13.54 hectares (33.5 acres) the site has a gross floor area of 1090026 square metres (11732940 sq ft) approximately the size of the Canary Wharf development in London.
 Westervelt-Cameron House is located in Ridgewood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1767 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Grizzly Bluff School was an historic school in the farm fields outside Ferndale California. Students came from the surrounding Eel River valley to attend a one-room school earlier than the construction of the first known school building.Tom Dix and John Davenport built the current building in 1871 and the ornamental windbreak was planted in 1878.
 The Oak Street Garage is an historic automotive storage and repair facility at 2600 North Howard Street in Baltimore Maryland. The single story Beaux Arts style building was built in 1924 and expanded in 1927. The building has a roughly trapezoidal shape with a triangular office area in the front and two garage bays in the rear the second (the 1927 addition) a few steps down from the first. The building is finished in brick.
 Warsaw Academy is a historic school in Warsaw Wyoming County New York. It is a two-story cobblestone structure measuring 35 feet by 57 feet in the Greek Revival style. Built as a school in 1846 the building has housed a Masonic temple since 1907. A two-story brick wing was added in 1854 and a one story stucco wing was added in 1928.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Woodward Heights is a neighborhood and historic district located immediately west of downtown Lexington Kentucky. It is bounded by Maxwell Street and the Pleasant Green Hill neighborhood to the southwest by the parking lot for Rupp Arena to the southeast by the Lexington Convention Center property to the northeast and by Herlihy Cox and High Streets to the north.The neighborhood includes one park Woodward Heights Park at 651 West High Street in the neighborhood's eastern corner.
 Bridge in Williams Township is a historic stone arch bridge spanning Frey's Run at Williams Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1857 and is a triple-span camelback shaped bridge. The bridge property measures 80 feet long and 25 feet wide and each semi-circular arch measures 15 feet wide and 10 feet long.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Hillsong Church Cape Town is a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with the Assemblies of God and is the South African offshoot of Hillsong Church in Sydney Australia. The church is pastored by former Hillsong United pastor Phil Dooley who moved to Cape Town in March 2008.
 Congregation Ner Tamid is a Conservative Synagogue in Rancho Palos Verdes California.The clergy include Rabbi Brian Schuldenfrei Cantor Cory Winter and Cantor Emeritus Samuel Radwine.The synagogue has launched a number of programs including the Adult Education Preschool and USY programs.For almost sixteen years Ner Tamid met in people's homes and later in rented spaces. Finally in 1977 the synagogue purchased a piece of land and built a permanent structure on it.
 The Cornfield also known as Farmers' Independent Benevolent Society Hall is a historic social hall located at Fly Creek in Otsego County New York. It was built in 1928 and is a one story wood frame building constructed as a meeting space and dance hall for the area's small Slovenian immigrant community. The original section measures 50 feet long by 24 feet 6 inches wide.
 Boal Mansion is a historic home located at Boalsburg Harris Township Centre County Pennsylvania. The original house was built in 1789 and was a simple 1 1/2 story stone house. It was incorporated as the kitchen and kitchen hall when the house was expanded in 1798. This expansion is a two-story stone house in the Georgian style. It measures 30 feet by 5 feet and has a side hall plan. The house was expanded again between 1898 and 1905 and introduced some Beaux-Arts style design.
 The Gianella Bridge was a swing bridge that brought CA 32 across the Sacramento River at Hamilton City California between Glenn County and Butte County. It was built in 1937 by Cotton Brothers & Co. Contractors. Also known as Sacramento River Bridge at Hamilton City it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The bridge was documented by the Historic American Engineering Record (HAER) in 1984.
 The Cedarock Historical Farm located at Cedarock Park in Alamance County North Carolina provides an example of life on a farm in North Carolina during the 19th Century. Populated with farm animals antique and replica farm equipment and a farmhouse the Historical Farm provides a fun education stop while visiting Cedarock Park.
 333 West Wacker Drive is a highrise office building in Chicago Illinois. On the side facing the Chicago River the building features a curved green glass façade while on the other side the building adheres to the usual rectangular street grid. The architecture firm Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates who designed 333 also designed the high-rise buildings 225 W Wacker to the east and 191 N Wacker Drive to the south.
 Ironwood State Prison (ISP) is a state prison located south of Interstate 10 in a detached section of Blythe California that lies west of the main portion of the city. It is located in eastern Riverside County California adjacent to Chuckawalla Valley State Prison.
 The Willis G. Clark House also known as Beaver Meadow is a historic residence in northern Mobile County Alabama United States. The two-story Greek Revival style house was completed in 1865 for Willis Gaylord Clark. Clark a native of New York was a successful Mobile politician businessman author and the editor of the Mobile Daily Advertiser. He also served as a trustee of the University of Alabama with the university's Clark Hall named in his honor.
 Soldiers' Memorial Library is a historic library at the junction of Park Row and Union Street in Mansfield Massachusetts.The library was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Christ the King Church in Fort Smith Arkansas is a Mission/Spanish revival style church built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was designed by Thompson Sanders & Ginocchio.
 Qwest Plaza is a 32-storey 152 m (499 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington completed in 1976 and designed by John Graham & Company. As of 2012 it is the 14th tallest building in the city.
 HM Prison Wormwood Scrubs (informally The Scrubs) is a Category B men's prison located in the Wormwood Scrubs area of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham in inner west London England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Coffin Point Plantation is a historic plantation home located in the Frogmore area of Beaufort County South Carolina USA was once a prosperous Sea Island plantation. It is estimated that the home was built around 1801 and like many early 19th century homes in the area features a tabby foundation. One of the homes more striking features is the one-half mile avenue of oaks that leads to the home.
 Office Building and U.S. Light-House Depot Complex also known as the Old Administration Building for the Third District U.S. Coast Guard is a historic office building and light house repair depot complex located at St. George Staten Island New York. The complex consists of four buildings: the three story brick and sandstone office building in the Second Empire style two brick warehouses and a small one story brick building formerly used as a laboratory.
 Tuxlith Chapel also known as Milland Old Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Milland West Sussex England (grid reference SU 825 282). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 Roxbury High Fort is an historic fort site on Beech Glen Street at Fort Avenue in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The site now contains a small park which is dominated by the historic 1869 Cochituate Standpipe (also known as Fort Hill Tower).The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Hotel Alexandra is a historic hotel in the village of Loen in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The hotel was opened by Markus Anders Loen under the name Loen's Hotel in 1884 but since 1892 has been in continuous operation under the name Hotel Alexandra. The hotel is named after Princess Alexandra of Denmark.
 Marvin Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a two story wood frame dwelling with a gable roof that extends from the front of the house to create a verandah. It features a large gabled cure porch dormer and a second floor sleeping porch. It was operated as a private non-nursing sanatorium.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The House at 31 Woodbine Street is a historical house situated at 31 Woodbine Street in Newton Massachusetts. Built c. 1845 this two story Greek Revival house is one of the first to be built when the Auburndale area was subdivided for suburban development. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house has a porch supported by paneled square columns that wraps around two sides.
 The Musical Fund Hall in Philadelphia Pennsylvania is a landmark building both of architectural and historic significance noted especially for the illustrious persons who have spoken or performed there. It is perhaps best remembered as the setting for the first Republican National Convention June 17-19 1856. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Carolina Hall is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1832 in a Federal style and later altered to a Greek Revival style. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1973.
 The White House of the Confederacy is a historic house located in the Court End neighborhood of Richmond Virginia. Built in 1818 it was the main executive residence of the sole President of the Confederate States of America Jefferson Davis from August 1861 until April 1865. It was viewed as the Confederate States counterpart to the White House in Washington D.C. Since the late 19th-century it has been a house museum operated by the Museum of the Confederacy.
 Kensington Palace is a royal residence set in Kensington Gardens in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London England. It has been a residence of the British Royal Family since the 17th century and is the official London residence of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Prince Harry the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester the Duke and Duchess of Kent and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent.
 Store Godthåb is a former late 18th century country house in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. It is located on Godthåbsvej named after the property at No 79. It is situated on Godthåbsvej which is named after it.
 Austrheim Church (Norwegian: Austrheim kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Austrheim. The church is part of the Austrheim parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1865 by the architect Askild Åse. The church was consecrated on 2 April 1865 by the Bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland. The church seats about 450 people. Austrheim Church has a long history.
 Beaver Mill is a historic mill located on Beaver Street in North Adams Massachusetts. Its main building (mill #1) is built in part on foundations that date to 1833 representing surviving elements the oldest industrial mill structure in North Adams. The mill was rebuilt and enlarged after a fire in 1850 and achieved its largest extent in 1900 as part of the Arnold Print Works properties. In 1908 Arnold sold the property to Sprague Electric whose first major facility it was.
 The Songshan Cultural and Creative Park (SSCC; Chinese: 松山文創園區; pinyin: Sōngshān Wénchuàng Yuánqū) is a multifunctional park in Xinyi District Taipei Taiwan.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 200 W. Trade Street in Charlotte North Carolina.It was built in 1857 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers (Saint Vincent's) was a healthcare system anchored by its flagship hospital St. Vincent's Hospital Manhattan locally referred to as St. Vincent's. St. Vincent's was founded in 1849 and closed under conditions in 2010 that triggered an investigation by the District Attorney of Manhattan. Demolition occurred in 2012.[citation needed] Other hospital buildings will be converted into luxury condos and a new luxury building will replace the St.
 The West Broad Street Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Richmond Virginia. The district encompasses 20 contributing buildings built between about 1900 and the late 1930s. Located in the district is the Forbes Motor Car Company (1919) Harper-Overland Company building (1921) Firestone Building (1929) Engine Company No. 10 Firehouse (c. 1900) and the Saunders Station Post Office (1937).
 Peter Fuller Building is a historic building at 808 Commonwealth Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is a museum of modern and contemporary art designed by Canadian-American architect Frank Gehry and located in Bilbao Basque Country Spain. The museum was inaugurated on 18 October 1997 by King Juan Carlos I of Spain.It is built alongside the Nervion River which runs through the city of Bilbao to the Cantabrian Sea. The Guggenheim is one of several museums belonging to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation.
 River House Condominiums is a residential skyscraper built on the west bank of the Grand River in downtown Grand Rapids Michigan located next to Bridgewater Place. It is the tallest building in Grand Rapids the tallest all-residential building in Michigan and the tallest building in the state outside of Detroit.
 The Château de Galié is a ruined 13th and 14th century castle in the commune of Galié in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Privately owned it has been listed since 1970 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Japan Coast Guard Museum Yokohama (海上保安資料館 横浜館 Kaijō hoan shiryōkan Yokohama-kan) is a museum in Naka-ku Yokohama Kanagawa Prefecture Japan dedicated to maritime security and the Japan Coast Guard. It opened on 10 December 2004.
 The John and Margarethe Kemp Cabin is located in the Town of Mazomanie Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 St Mary the Virgin’s Church is an active Anglican parish church in Eccles Greater Manchester England. The church is in the Eccles deanery the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. Together with St Andrew's Eccles St Paul's Monton Christ Church Patricroft and St James' Hope the church is part of the team benefice of Eccles. The church was granted Grade I Listed status in 1964.
 The St. Paul’s Church Diu is situated in Diu Island on the west coast of India a Union Territory of India. It is located in the town of Diu which came under the control of the Portuguese colonists in early 16th century. The St. Paul’s Church named after St. Paul the Apostle of Jesus also known as the Apostle to the Gentiles is most renowned surviving and functioning church among the three churches built by the Portuguese in Diu.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church also known as St. Peter's Church is located in downtown Albany New York United States. It was designed in the mid-19th century by Richard Upjohn and his son Richard M. Upjohn in the French Gothic Revival architectural style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and designated a National Historic Landmark eight years later.
 Regina Pizzeria originally Regina Pizza and also known as Pizzeria Regina is a regional pizza chain in New England. The company was founded in 1926 in Boston's North End neighborhood by the Polcari family. The chain is a part of Boston Restaurant Associates and is headquartered in Lynnfield Massachusetts.The original location was on Causeway St.
 The Christopher Hotel (also called Hotel Christopher) was a hotel in Port-au-Prince Haiti destroyed in the 2010 Haiti earthquake on 12 January 2010.Prior to its destruction it was a 3-star 74-key 5-story hotel built into the hillside overlooking the capital of Haiti Port-au-Prince. The hotel housed the headquarters for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH).
 The Guildhall is one of the main office buildings of the City and County of Swansea Council designed by Percy Thomas and opened in 1934. Before local government re-organisation in 1996 it was the headquarters for the former Swansea City Council. The Guildhall complex comprises the City Hall Brangwyn Hall (concert hall) and the County Law Courts for Swansea. The Swansea Crown Court is now located in a building immediately opposite the Guildhall.
 Dearfield is a ghost town and a historically black majority settlement in Weld County Colorado United States. It is 30 miles (48 km) east of Greeley. The town was formed by Oliver T. Jackson who desired to create a colony for African Americans. In 1910 Jackson a successful businessman from Boulder filed on the homestead that later became the town and began to advertise for colonists. The name Dearfield was suggested by one of the town's citizens Dr. J.H.P. Westbrook who was from Denver.
 The Former Church of St Mary Wythall is a Grade II listed redundant parish church in the Church of England in Wythall Worcestershire.
 The Darragh House at 2412 Broadway Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1916. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival Dutch Colonial and other style.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Royal Victoria Hospital (commonly known as the Royal the RVH or the Royal Belfast) is a hospital in Belfast Northern Ireland.The hospital (which provides over 20 percent of the acute-care beds in Northern Ireland and treats half a million patients a year) is undergoing a £74 million refurbishing. This includes an extension to the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children new wards in the main hospital a new accident and emergency department and a new maternity unit.
 The St. Francis Xavier Church in the Downtown district of Missoula Montana is the tallest church in Missoula and one of the tallest in the state (by height to roof). It is also the tallest church in Missoula County Montana. It has paintings well over 100 years old which were done by a brother of the Society of Jesus a kitchen helper who painted them in his spare time. It is located at 420 West Pine Street.
 Plimmer Towers is a high-rise office and hotel complex in central Wellington New Zealand. The building is named after John Plimmer a major business and political personality during Wellington's early years.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Chattanooga Tennessee is a downtown congregation of the Episcopal Church. It is one of the largest congregations in the Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee.
 The Honouliuli Internment Camp was one of five internment camps in Hawaii during World War II.
 Sushi Seki (formerly Sushihatsu) is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 1143 First Avenue (between East 62nd Street and East 63rd Street) on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It was established in 2002. Seki who uses only one name and who spent five years at Sushi of Gari is the chef and owner.Chefs such as Jean-Georges Vongerichten from Jean Georges Eric Ripert of Le Bernadin Daniel Boulud and Gordon Ramsay dine at the restaurant.
 Nelson's Grocery in Christine North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was built in 1905. The listing included three contributing buildings.According to its NRHP nomination the store an institution in the business life of Christine for over 70 years belongs to a rapidly disappearing architectural and commercial genre which once promoted the growth of small towns throughout North Dakota.
 The American Telegraph & Telephone Co. Building was an historic building located on the hill just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building has subsequently been torn down.
 The Uenohara site (上野原遺跡 Uenohara iseki) is a Jōmon archaeological site in Kirishima Kagoshima Prefecture Japan. Pit dwellings were discovered during construction work in 1997. The numerous associated earthenware and lithic finds are an Important Cultural Property and the area has been designated an Historic Site. In 2002/3 an area of 36 ha was turned into a park and exhibition centre known as Uenohara Jōmon no Mori (上野原縄文の森) lit. 'Uenohara Jōmon Forest'.
 Temple B'nai Sholom is a historic synagogue in Huntsville Alabama. The Reform congregation was founded in 1876 with the current building dedicated November 26 1899. It is the oldest synagogue building in continuous use in the state. It was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 29 1977.
 The Bexar County Courthouse is a historical building in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.The building was designed by architect J. Riely Gordon and borders Main Plaza along with such other architectural landmarks as the Cathedral of San Fernando. The style is Romanesque Revival and the main material used is red sandstone. Ground was broken for Gordon's structure on August 4 1891 and the cornerstone was laid December 17 1892. After several delays construction was fully completed in 1896.
 Tioga County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Owego in Tioga County New York. It was built in 1871-1872 and is a rectangular two story building with four three story towers one on each corner. It is constructed of smooth hard-burned brick of a red-pink color with decorative limestone features.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Located at 280 Main Street Wellsburg New York Christ Episcopal Church was built in 1869. The church was designed by Isaac O. Perry of Binghamton New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Renaissance Building is a historic building located in Richmond Virginia. It was designed by Jackson C. Gott and constructed between 1888 and 1893. It originally served primarily as a meeting hall for local Masonic lodges.
 Frankfurter Büro Center (English: Frankfurt Office Centre) also known as FBC is a 40-storey 142 m (466 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany.
 The Jacob Raphael Building is an historic building located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The two-story structure was completed in 1875 and contains commercial space on the first floor and residential space on the second floor. The building housed M. Raphael & Sons. a cigar manufacturer. It is now the site of Raphael's Emporium an antique store. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Etna Furnace also known as Mount Etna Furnace Aetna Furnace and Aetna Iron Works is a historic iron furnace complex and national historic district located at Catharine Township Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes five contributing buildings six contributing sites and two contributing structures. It encompasses a community developed around an iron furnace starting in 1805. Included in the district is the four-sided stone furnace (1808) gristmill site (c.
 The Baxter House is an historic house museum located on South Street in Gorham Maine United States. It was built in 1797 by carpenter Isaac Gilkey. In 1812 it was purchased by Dr. Elihu Baxter. On March 23 1831 Dr. Baxter's youngest son James Phinney Baxter was born in the house. James Phinney Baxter became Mayor of Portland Maine for six terms (1893 to 1896 and 1904–1905) as well as a leading businessman and philanthropist.
 Hose House No. 2 is a historic firestation at 30 Rantoul Street in Beverly Massachusetts. It now houses a daycare center.The building was constructed in 1905. It was designed by Kilham & Hopkins in a French Renaissance style. In addition to the traditional brass pole by which firemen reached the ground floor from the upper chambers it also featured an electrical system which automatically turned on the lights when an alarm was sounded.
 Slickville Historic District is a national historic district located at Salem Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 90 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the unincorporated village of Slickville. The company built mining town was built between 1916 and 1923. The contributing resources include workers and managers housing four utilitarian mine-related buildings a church a school a pump house and a company store.
 John Douglass House also known as the Governor Sproul Birthplace is a historic home located at Colerain Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in two phases and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with a center hall plan in the Georgian style. The three bay core section was built about 1769 and the house expanded with two additional bays sometime after 1815. Also on the property are a contributing bank barn log smokehouse and the ruins of a stone carriage shed.
 Oregon State Penitentiary (OSP) sometimes called Oregon State Prison is a maximum security prison in Oregon United States. Opened in 1851 the 2242 capacity prison is the oldest prison in the state. The all-male facility is located in Salem and is operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections.OSP contains Oregon's death row which houses most of the 37 people awaiting execution in Oregon.
 Holy Trinity Church is a former Anglican church in Hove in the English city of Brighton and Hove. Built in the early 1860s to provide extra capacity for Anglican worshippers in the rapidly growing town of Hove its use declined in the 20th century and it was closed in 2007 following a Diocesan review. As of 2009 its future is uncertain and a heritage group has described it as one of Britain's top ten threatened Victorian and Edwardian buildings.
 The Monte-Carlo Beach is a hotel located outside of Monaco proper in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin on the Côte d'Azur. This hotel belongs to the Société des bains de mer de Monaco. It was built in 1929 by the architect Roger Seassal and was redesigned in 2009 by India Mahdavi.
 Basilica di Santo Stefano Maggiore is a church in Milan Italy. It was established in the 5th century. Originally dedicated to both Saint Zechariah and Saint Stephen it was later dedicated to Saint Stephen only. Throughout its history has undergone several reconstructions expansion and restoration.It is also called St. Stephen in Brolo (the historical name of the area) or St. Stephen's Gate (in reference to the postern of Santo Stefano now no longer exists).
 Hallsboro Store is a historic general store located near Midlothian Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built about 1885 and is a two-story wood frame structure set on a concrete and brick foundation in a Late Victorian style. The store was operated by a succession of prominent Chesterfield County businessmen and it served as a post office and general store for its community for many generations.
 The Covenant First Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (USA) located at 717 Elm Street at Eighth Street and Garfield Place in Cincinnati Ohio. Two churches the First Presbyterian and Covenant Presbyterian merged in the 1933 to become the Covenant First Presbyterian Church. The first Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati was on the north side of Fourth Street near Main and was organized October 16 1790.
 St. Jude Catholic Church is a Catholic parish of the Diocese of Dallas. It is located in Allen Texas. The first Catholic church in the city of Allen it was established in 1981. This parish was created with 50 founding members including organizer Don Rodenbaugh. A new sanctuary was opened in 2005.
 Randall Children's Hospital is the children's hospital at Legacy Emanuel Medical Center in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Formerly Legacy Emanuel Children's Hospital it was renamed in 2011 during construction of the new 165-bed patient tower.
 The Carolinas Aviation Museum is an aviation museum on the grounds of Charlotte/Douglas International Airport in Charlotte North Carolina. The mission of the Museum is to educate the public about the importance of aviation to our society and inspire the next generation to excel academically in the areas of math science and history through the preservation of our aviation heritage.
 The Ammar Mosque and Osman Ramju Sadick Islamic Centre (Chinese: 愛群清真寺林士德伊斯蘭中心) or Wan Chai Mosque is a mosque and Islamic center in Wan Chai Hong Kong China. It is the third mosque built in Hong Kong.
 St. Joseph's Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad in Allahabad India. Built in 1879 the cathedral represents a fine example of Italian architecture. It is said that the craftsmen and materials were brought from Italy.
 The 12 rowhouses at 322–344 East 69th Street are located on the south side of that street between First and Second avenues on the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan. They are Neo-Grec brownstone structures built around 1879 in two sets designed by different architects.Together they constitute one of few remaining areas of low-rise rowhouse development in a neighborhood where many such houses have been demolished in favor of high-rises.
 The Messner Mountain Museum or MMM is a museum project created by Italian mountaineer and extreme climber Reinhold Messner in South Tyrol in northern Italy.
 CityLife is a residential and business district under construction in Milan Italy.The development is being carried out by CityLife SpA a company controlled by Generali Group and affiliated to Allianz Group that won the international tender for the redevelopment of the historic neighborhood of Fiera Milano with an offer of €523 million.
 The Clara F. Bacon House is located in Lodi Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 U.S. Bank Plaza is a 380-foot (120 m) skyscraper in Sacramento California completed in 1991. The 26-story tower was the tallest in the city when completed.
 The North Main–Bank Streets Historic District is located along those streets in Albion New York United States. It is one of two historic districts in the village comprising the commercial core of the village developed during its years as a major stop on the Erie Canal. A portion of the canal now the New York State Barge Canal and two of its bridges are within the district.Its buildings represent a diverse collection of architectural styles over a century of development.
 Two Pesos was a Tex-Mex restaurant chain in the U.S. state of Texas that opened in 1982 in Houston. It was similar to Taco Cabana but Two Pesos never opened in Taco Cabana's home market of San Antonio. The Two Pesos chain was sold to Taco Cabana in 1993 after losing a drawn-out trade dress suit that appeared before the United States Supreme Court.
 The Bartolomeu Dias Museum Complex (also spelled Bartholomeu) is the second biggest provincial museum affiliated to the Western Cape Department of Cultural Affairs and Sport in South Africa. It is located at Mossel Bay.
 The Hammond Building was a high-rise building completed in 1889 at the corner of Griswold Street West Fort Street in the financial district of downtown Detroit Michigan. The 46 m (151 ft) building was designed by Harry W. J. Edbrooke and is considered the first historic steel-framed skyscraper in the city and was the tallest in the state when built. Russel Wheel & Foundry supplied and erected the iron and structural steel for the building.
 Machesney Park Mall is a shopping center in Machesney Park Illinois a village in the Rockford Illinois metropolitan area.
 Áras an Uachtaráin (Irish pronunciation: [ˈɑːrəs ən ˈuəxt̪ərɑːnʲ]) formerly the Viceregal Lodge is the official residence of the President of Ireland. It is located in the Phoenix Park on the northside of Dublin.
 St. Paul's United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church in Nyack Rockland County New York. It is a Romanesque church built in two sections over a 17 year period starting in 1894. It is constructed of rusticated limestone with brownstone trim.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Plumer Block also known as the Hancock Building was a historic commercial building located at Franklin Venango County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1866 and was a three-story red brick building with a flat roof in the Victorian Italianate style. It housed the first bank in Franklin as well as numerous commercial enterprises and law offices.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished following a fire.
 The Taubman Museum of Art formerly the Art Museum of Western Virginia is an art museum located in Downtown Roanoke Virginia U.S.A..
 The Cathedral of Saint John Gualbert is the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown located in Johnstown Pennsylvania.
 Meadow Brook Farm also known as the John Roop Farm or Samuel Roop Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland. The complex consists of the Victorian farmhouse and several period outbuildings including an 1809 two-story brick washhouse brick smokehouse brick privy and brick tenant house. The house is a two-story brick structure that was built in the Pennsylvania German style about 1805.
 Irvin-Patchin House is a historic home located in Burnside Pennsylvania United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling with 3-story brick addition constructed initially in 1850. It was constructed by William Irvin an early settler in western Clearfield County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The South Superior Union Hall was built in 1921 in the southern part of what is now Superior Wyoming. The hall was built by six locals of the United Mine Workers to accommodate union and community activities in the coal-mining community of Superior. Built in 1921 the two-story brick hall's plan is a parallelogram though to be unique for its time in Wyoming. The hall housed doctors' and dentists' offices a bowling alley and a grocery store. Dances were held in the upstairs meeting space..
 The I. Edward Templeton House is located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Lille Métropole Museum of Modern Contemporary and Outsider Art (LaM) formerly known as Villeneuve d'Ascq Museum of Modern Art is an art museum in Villeneuve d'Ascq France.With more than 4500 artworks on a 4000-square-metre (43000 sq ft) exhibition area the LaM is the only museum in Europe to present simultaneously the main components of the 20th and 21st centuries art : modern art contemporary art and outsider art.
 The Marina Towers Observatory (also known as the Swansea Observatory and Tower of the Ecliptic) is located in the Maritime Quarter of Swansea on the coast of southern Wales. It was previously home to Wales's largest optical astronomical telescope. The building was designed by Robin Campbell in 1989 and consists of two towers it was built with part funding from a European Heritage Grant.
 Streetcars in New Orleans have been an integral part of the city's public transportation network since the first half of the 19th century. The longest of New Orleans' streetcar lines the St. Charles Avenue Streetcar is the oldest continuously operating street railway system in the world. Today the streetcars are operated by the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA).There are currently four operating streetcar lines in New Orleans: The St.
 The Rosencrans Cabin is part of a small historic district comprising five log buildings on three acres in Bridger-Teton National Forest just east of Grand Teton National Park. The cabin was used by Rudolph Rosie Rosencrans who played a role in the development of Teton National Forest and who later became a U.S. Forest Service administrator in the early 20th century.
 The Isaac Winslow House also known as the Winslow House Museum is a mansion located in Marshfield Massachusetts built around 1700. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Beith High Church and Beith Trinity Church are linked congregations of the Church of Scotland in the Parish of Beith in North Ayrshire Scotland.
 The Savoy Hotel is a luxury hotel located on the Strand in the City of Westminster in central London. Built by impresario Richard D'Oyly Carte with profits from his Gilbert and Sullivan operas it opened on 6 August 1889. It was the first in the Savoy group of hotels and restaurants owned by Carte's family for over a century.
 Eleanor Cope Emlen School of Practice is a historic school building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1925-1926. It is a three-story nine bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style. An auditorium addition was built in 1930. It features a central two-story bay window stone surrounds and a crenelated parapet.
 The Magpie Café is a seafood restaurant in Whitby North Yorkshire England. It was established in 1937 but its building dated back to the 18th century when it was a merchant's house.The restaurant is well known for its fish and chips; it was described by celebrity chef Rick Stein as the place that opened my eyes to how good a chip shop could be and as a bloody good fish and chip shop.
 Nagalama Hospital whose full name is St. Francis Hospital Nagalama is a hospital in Nagalama Mukono District in Uganda's Central Region.
 Paphos Castle is located on the edge of Paphos harbour. It was originally built as a Byzantine fort to protect the harbour. It was then rebuilt by the Lusignans in the thirteenth century after being destroyed in the earthquake of 1222. In 1570 it was dismantled by the Venetians. After capturing the island the Ottomans restored and strengthened it. Throughout the ages it has seen many uses.
 Burg Wiener Neustadt is a castle in Wiener Neustadt Lower Austria Austria.
 Weil Hall (formerly the Engineering Industries Building) is a historic building at Stadium Road and Gale Lemerand Drive (North-South Drive) on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida United States. On June 24 2008 it was added to the U.S.
 Pitts Neck also known as Pitts Neck Farm is a historic home located near New Church Accomack County Virginia. It consists of a two-story five bay brick main block connected to a 1 1/2-story two-bay frame wing connected by a hyphen. The wing dates to the beginning of the 18th century and the main block to about 25-30 years later. The main block has a central passage plan and is topped by a shallow gable roof.
 The Dunbar Hotel originally known as the Hotel Somerville was the focal point of the Central Avenue African-American community in Los Angeles California during the 1930s and 1940s. Built in 1928 it was known for its first year as the Hotel Somerville. Upon its opening it hosted the first national convention of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) to be held in the western United States.
 The Cotton Belt Freight Depot in St. Louis Missouri at 1400 North 1st Street. It was built in 1911. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Central Restaurante is a restaurant located in the located in the Miraflores District Lima Peru. Central Restaurante is the flagship restaurant of Peruvian chef Virgilio Martínez Véliz and serves as his workshop in the investigation and integration of indigenous Peruvian ingredients into the restaurant's menu. The restaurant is known for its contemporary interpretation and presentation of Peruvian cuisine.
 JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square formerly the Pan Pacific San Francisco and Portman Hotel is a luxury JW Marriott branded hotel in San Francisco California. The hotel is owned by Thayer Lodging Group.
 The Z. E. Cliff House is a historic house located at 29 Powderhouse Terrace in Somerville Massachusetts. Zebedee Cliff was an alderman and later mayor of Somerville. A carpenter turned developer he has been credited with undertaking over $2 million worth of construction in Somerville before his death in 1934.The American shingle style house was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 AFI Palace Bucharest Mega Mall is a shopping mall in Bucharest Romania. It is located in the central-western part of the city between the city center and two of the largest residential districts Militari and Drumul Taberei.The mall has: 300 stores 1 IMAX (3-D Cinema) 20 screen cinema complex 30 fast-food and restaurants 1 hypermarket Real kids playground ice rink climbing wall water features games & entertainment fashion 2500 underground & deck parking spaces↑
 Trees For Tomorrow (also known as Region Nine Training School) is a specialty school focused on natural resources in Eagle River Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 for its significance in the conservation movement.
 Congregation Beth Adam is a Jewish congregation located in Cincinnati Ohio. Beth Adam has a humanistic Judaism perspective. The congregation is led by Rabbi Robert B. Barr.
 The Ponchartrain Apartments was an apartment building located at 1350 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was also known as the Renaissance Apartments. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 but subsequently demolished.
 Ningbo Center is a skyscraper under construction in Ningbo China.
 The Immaculate Conception Parish Church also known as the Dasmariñas Church is first Catholic parish church in the City of Dasmariñas in the province of Cavite Philippines. The stone church was constructed right after the establishment of Dasmariñas as a separate parish in 1866. The church and convent was the site of bloodshed during the Philippine revolution against Spain.
 Erdington Abbey Church (grid reference SP112922) on Sutton Road Erdington Birmingham England is the more usual name of the grade II listed church of Saints Thomas and Edmund of Canterbury. It is the church of a Roman Catholic parish in the Archdiocese of Birmingham served by the Redemptorists. The abbey itself was the adjacent building now Highclare School.
 The Pizzeria Napoli is a pizza restaurant in Baghdad Iraq. The owner Waleed Mamoud previously lived in Italy and along with his brother set up the restaurant on Saturday June 27 2003 after the fall of Saddam Hussein's government after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He made a risk business selling pizza to coalition troops and even received a mobile phone from American forces to receive orders.
 Congregation Beth Israel Abraham Voliner is an Orthodox Jewish congregation in Overland Park in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Formally established as Tefereth Israel in Kansas City Missouri in 1894 by 1960 it had moved several times and merged with three other congregations taking on its current name.
 Hotel El Convento is a hotel in Old San Juan Puerto Rico located in an old nunnery. It is located across the street from the western hemisphere's second oldest cathedral the San Juan Cathedral.The Monasterio del Señor San José de la Orden de nuestra Señora del Carmen was founded in 1651 by Doña Ana Lanzós a wealthy widow who donated her money and her magnificent residence (a large double sloped tiled roof) in the street that since then bears the name: de las Monjas.
 The Detroit Historical Museum is located at 5401 Woodward Avenue in the city's Cultural Center Historic District in Midtown Detroit. It chronicles the history of the Detroit area from cobblestone streets 19th century stores the auto assembly line toy trains fur trading from the 18th century and much more.
 State Correctional Institution – Laurel Highlands is a Minimum-Security facility located on State Route 31 about three miles east of the Somerset Interchange of the Pennsylvania Turnpike about 70 miles southeast of Pittsburgh. SCI-Laurel Highlands houses Minimum-Security Inmates particularly older males and geriatric/mentally ill males.
 The Wyeth-Smith House is an historic house at 152 Vassal Lane in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1820 by Jacob Wyeth and leased to Ebenezer Smith a tenant farmer. The house which is the finest extant period farmhouse in the area was originally located at the junction of Fresh Pond Parkway and Huron Avenue and was relocated to its present site in 1893.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Harnden Farm is a historic farmstead at 261 Salem Street in Andover Massachusetts. It includes a farmhouse and barn built c. 1840 for Jesse Harnden a farmer who moved from Reading. The house is notable for its late Federalist elements as well as its Greek Revival styling and the barn is a rare surviving example of a Greek Revival barn.The farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Wallaceburg & District Museum is located in Southern Ontario in the town of Wallaceburg. Located a half-block from the banks of the Sydenham River The Wallaceburg & District Museum occupies the former Wallaceburg Hydro Office at 505 King Street. The museum opened on June 29 1984. The Wallaceburg and District Historical Society were the founders led by the father son pair of Frank and Alan Mann.
 The Duluth Armory also known as the Duluth National Guard Armory is a historic building in Duluth Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The armory was built in 1915 to replace the previous one built in 1896 which had become inadequate. In 1978 it was purchased by the city and its use as an armory was discontinued. Since 2000 the armory has been threatened with demolition though efforts are ongoing to renovate the building.
 Ugie Hospital is a small hospital in Peterhead Scotland providing psychogeriatric services.
 Potocki Palace (Polish: Pałac Potockich) is a large baroque palace in Warsaw located at Krakowskie Przedmieście Street 15 directly opposite the Presidential Palace. It was originally built for Denhoff family and succeeded by Potocki family in the end of 18th century.
 The Observatory (grid reference ST564733) is a former mill now used as an observatory located on Clifton Down close to the Clifton Suspension Bridge Bristol England.
 for the Mississippian culture mounds site known as Old Town see Old Town (Franklin Tennessee)Old Town also known as the Thomas Brown House is a house in Franklin Tennessee at Old Town that was built by Thomas Brown some time between 1842 and 1854. It is a two-story frame structure built on an I-House plan an example of vernacular architecture showing Greek Revival influences.
 The Cozens Ranch House in Fraser Colorado was built by William Cozens sheriff of Central City after he married Mary York. Mary insisted that they leave the wild mining town so the Cozens family relocated to Grand County where they started a ranch in 1874. The homestead was the first in the Fraser Valley. The original ranch house was built of logs and expanded two years later as a stagecoach stop and post office. Six rooms were used as a hotel.
 The Holy Rosary Church Rectory at 220 W. Main in Bozeman Montana was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego (or MCASD) in San Diego California USA is an art museum focused on the collection preservation exhibition and interpretation of works of art from 1950 to the present.
 Walnut Hill Historic District in Carnesville Georgia was built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Bush–Breyman Block located in Salem Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Joseph Jenkins House is a historic house at 310 Pine Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1750 by Joseph Jenkins and is a well-preserved reminder of West Barnstable's early history. The house is four bays wide with an off-center chimney and entry. The main entry has plain trim with a transom window and a triangular pediment.
 The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) is an art museum in Midtown Manhattan in New York City (on 53rd Street) between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. It has been important in developing and collecting modernist art and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world.
 Oliver House in Corning Arkansas was built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.OLIVER HOUSE CORNING CLAY COUNTYELABORATIONThe Oliver House is an example of a dwelling which organically developed from a small Victorian core structure begun in ca.1880 into a large classically detailed structure last altered in 1909.
 St James' Church is an Anglican church located in St James Place Toxteth Liverpool England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. Having been declared redundant in 1974 it returned to active use in 2010.
 Seyfert Mill is a historic grist mill located in Upper Tulpehocken Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The combined mill and house building was built in 1840 and is a 2 1/2-story with basement banked stone building. It measures 48 by 50 feet (15 by 15 m). Also on the property are the contributing millrace and pond. The mill ceased operation in about 1954.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Molly Brown House Museum (also known as House of Lions) is a house located at 1340 Pennsylvania Street in Denver Colorado United States that was the home of American philanthropist socialite and activist Margaret Brown. Brown was known as The Unsinkable Molly Brown because she survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic. The museum now located in her former home presents exhibits interpreting her life and that of Victorian Denver as well as architectural preservation.
 St. Thomas the Apostle Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church faces Pico Boulevard at 1321 S. Mariposa Avenue in the Pico Union section of Los Angeles California. The Mission Revival style church was built in 1904.
 The Martello Gallery-Key West Art and Historical Museum (also known as the East Martello Tower) is a historic site located at 3501 South Roosevelt Boulevard Key West Florida United States. On June 19 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is the best-preserved example of the Martello style of military architecture in the country.
 The David Syme House is located in Sycamore Illinois and is part of the Sycamore Historic District. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978. The Queen Anne style home was constructed sometime around 1880.
 The Countess Free Church is a church in the Cambridgeshire city of Ely. Founded by the Countess of Huntingdon the church is part of the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion along with over 20 other churches. They meet twice on a Sunday as well as holding services and groups for people of all ages. The church is located in Chapel Street near Ely cathedral and the current pastor is Gordon Lowman.In 2007 one of the Elders was given a vision for a new church in the High Barns area of Ely.
 Champakulam Kalloorkadu St. Marys Syro-Malabar Catholic Forane Church (Malayalam: ചമ്പക്കുളം വലിയ പള്ളി) is an ancient Christian Church in Kerala. It belongs to the Syro-Malabar Church under the archeparchy of Changanacherry. It is a Forane church with several Parishes under it.
 Edificio Ariztía is a building located at 52 Nueva York Street in downtown Santiago Chile on a wedge-shaped city block. It was completed in 1921 and is considered the first skyscraper in Santiago. The building constructed in reinforced concrete was the first office building in Santiago with an elevator.
 The Rahmi M. Koç Museum is a private industrial museum in Istanbul Turkey dedicated to history of transport industry and communications. Rahmi M. Koç member of the wealthiest dynasty in Turkey and retired boss of the Koç Group founded the museum in 1991 which was opened on December 13 1994. The museum is located in the suburb of Hasköy on the north shore of the Golden Horn and situated in two historical buildings connected to each other. It is open to public every day except Monday.
 The Starbucks Center world headquarters for Starbucks is the largest multi-tenant building by floor space in Seattle Washington with over 2200000 square feet (200000 m2). It is located in Seattle's SoDo neighborhood which makes up a part of the city's large industrial district. It is both the largest and oldest building in the country to earn a national green certification.
 The Édifice Marie-Guyart previously and still commonly known as Complexe G is a 31-storey 132 m (433 ft) office skyscraper completed in 1972 in Quebec City Canada. The brutalist style tower is the tallest building in the city as well as the tallest building in Canada east of Montreal.
 The Oliver Wolcott House is a historic colonial home in Litchfield Connecticut. Built in 1753 by Oliver Wolcott Sr. a signer of the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation it is the oldest house in the borough.It was the home of the Wolcott family which furnished three generations of Connecticut governors: Roger Wolcott his son Oliver Wolcott Sr. his grandson Oliver Wolcott Jr..
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces in Las Cruces New Mexico.The cathedral building originally a parish church was begun in September 1965 and finished in May 1966 in a contemporary southwestern style. The church was designated the cathedral of the Diocese of Las Cruces in 1982.
 Christ Church (grid reference SJ653995) is an active Anglican parish church in Pennington Leigh Greater Manchester England. Christ Church serves the parish of Pennington in the Leigh Deanery and Salford Archdeaconry in the Diocese of Manchester. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Manor House Museum Ilkley England is a local heritage museum art gallery and education centre established in 1892 to preserve local archaeological artefacts after the spa town expanded and much Roman material was lost. It was re-opened in the present building in 1961. Admission to the Museum is free of charge.
 Melbourne Youth Justice Centre (formerly Melbourne Juvenile Justice Centre and Turana Youth training Centre) is a youth corrections facility located in Parkville Victoria Australia.The facility is designed to accommodate 15 to 17-year-old males through four units and a separate multi-purpose unit that houses remand prisoners.
 Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption (Italian: Basilica di Nostra Signora Assunta is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Genoa in the Province of Genoa and the region of Liguria Italy. This church was constructed during 1610–1624. The Baroque-style facade was added in 1932 design of the architect Piero de Barbieri; the sculptor Luigi Venzano contributed the facade statues of St. John the Baptist and St. Joseph while the central relief depicts the Madonna.
 The Asa and Sylvester Abbot House is a historic rural two-family house at 15-17 Porter Road in Andover Massachusetts. The house was built in the 1830s by Asa Abbot a farmer and member of the locally prominent Abbot family. He left the house to his sons Sylvester and Asa Albert Abbot who farmed the surrounding land until the turn of the 20th century.The main block of the house is six bays wide with a large central chimney.
 St. Peter the Apostle Catholic Church and Rectory is a historic church at 812 Pearl Street in Joplin Missouri.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 Village View also known as the Mansion House is a historic home located at Emporia Virginia. It was built about 1815 and substantially improved in 1826. It is a two-story double pile Federal style frame dwelling. It has a two-story rear ell added in the 20th century. It features a two-story front porch and exterior end chimneys.
 The Standard Insurance Center originally the Georgia-Pacific Building is a 27 story office building in Portland Oregon. Completed in 1968 it currently serves as part of the headquarters of The Standard the brand name under which Standard Insurance Company and other subsidiaries of StanCorp Financial Group Inc. do business. Standard also owns the 16-story Standard Plaza located two blocks south along 5th Avenue.
 The Lexington is an historic apartment building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. The building is a five-story brick structure that rises 75 feet (23 m) above the ground. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 1976 and as a contributing property of the Sherman Hill Historic District in 1979.
 Saint Mary’s Catholic Church is between Third and Spring Streets in Kingman Arizona. The church was built in 1906-07 with the Mission/Spanish Revival style. The native stone came from Metcalfe Quarry. The Catholic Church had two fundraising events to help raise money for St. Mary’s and they were done in 1903 and 06. The church served Kingman from 1906 to 63. This church is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001166.
 The Unitarian Universalist Church of Medford and The Osgood House are a historic Unitarian Universalist church building and house at 141 and 147 High Street in Medford Massachusetts.
 Market Square in Miamisburg Ohio is a 10.4-acre (4.2 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.A date of significance for the location is 1850. The district includes Second Empire Italianate and Queen Anne in 50 contributing buildings.
 Lou Mitchell's also known as Lou Mitchell's Restaurant is a Chicago diner located at 565 W. Jackson Boulevard. It is a popular restaurant for commuters as it is located near Union Station. It is also located near the start of U.S.
 Not to be confused with Kingdom Tower previously known as Mile-High TowerThe Mile High Illinois Illinois Sky-City or simply The Illinois was a proposed skyscraper that would have been 1 mile (1600 m) high described by Frank Lloyd Wright in his 1956 book A Testament. The design intended to be built in Chicago would have included 528 stories with a gross area of 18460000 square feet (1715000 m2).
 Schulze Baking Company Plant is a factory building located on the South Side of Chicago Illinois United States. It is located at 40 East Garfield Boulevard (also described as 55th Street and Wabash Avenue) in the Washington Park community area in Cook County. Built in 1914 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 12 1982.
 The Edward A. Rath County Office Building is a high-rise office building located at 95 Franklin Street in Buffalo New York across from Erie County Hall and the Prudential (Guaranty) Building. The Rath building was named for Edward A. Rath the first County Executive of Erie County New York. The building contains the Erie County Executive’s office Department of Motor Vehicles Department of Public Works the Office of Geographic Information Services and a number of other county departments.
 Freiburg Minster (German: Freiburger Münster or Münster Unserer Lieben Frau) is the cathedral of Freiburg im Breisgau southwest Germany. The last duke of Zähringen had started the building around 1200 in romanesque style the construction continued in 1230 in Gothic style. The minster was partly built on the foundations of an original church that had been there from the beginning of Freiburg in 1120. In the Middle Ages Freiburg lay in the Diocese of Konstanz.
 The Argoed Penallt Monmouthshire Wales is a Victorian country house dating from the 1860s with earlier origins from the late 16th and early 17th centuries. It sits on a hill above Monmouth overlooking the Wye Valley.
 Powel House is a historic mansion/museum located at 244 South 3rd Street between Willings Alley and Spruce Street in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Built in 1756 it has been called the finest Georgian row house in the city.
 2000 Market Street is a high-rise building located in the Market West region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands at 435 feet (133 meters) with 29 floors and was completed in 1973. It is currently tied with Two Logan Square as the 17th-tallest building in Philadelphia. The architect of the building was Pitcairn Properties Inc.
 The Church of St Mary Studley Royal is a Victorian Gothic Revival church built in the Early English style by William Burges. It is located in the grounds of Studley Royal Park at Fountains Abbey in North Yorkshire England. Burges was commissioned by the First Marquess of Ripon to build the church as a memorial church to Frederick Grantham Vyner his brother in law.
 The William Hogg House is a historic house at 54 Elm Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was first built in 1853 as the Rice House and was significantly altered (technically qualifying as a renovation rather than as a new structure) according to plans by Fuller & Delano. Its front facade has a Corinthian porch sheltering a center entry flanked by bay windows.
 Baku State Circus (Azerbaijani: Bakı Dövlət Sirki) - is the main arena circus of Baku capital of Azerbaijan.In 1945 a collective of Azerbaijani circus was organized in the Azerbaijan SSR it included estrade actors who performed tricks in the circus and amateur participants with artistic skills.Famous Azerbaijani composers poets ballet masters and artists worked along with the collective of the circus.
 The Reitz Home Museum is a Victorian house museum located in the Riverside Historic District in downtown Evansville Indiana. The museum offers year-round guided tours to the state's only Victorian house museum.An authentic restoration offers visitors a step back in time with silk damask-covered walls hand painted ceilings delicately molded plaster friezes and intricately patterned hand-laid wood parquet floors.
 The Clark Round Barn was an historical structure located near Tyrone in rural Monroe County Iowa United States. It was built in 1908 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building was a round barn that measured 48 x 30 feet (14.6 x 9 m) around. It featured a conical roof and a 14 foot (4.3 m) central silo. It was torn down in 1999.
 One Atlantic Center also known as IBM Tower is a skyscraper located in Midtown Atlanta. It is the third-tallest in Atlanta reaching a height of 820 feet (250 m) with 50 stories of office space. It was completed in 1987 and remained the tallest building in Atlanta until 1992 when it was surpassed by the Bank of America Plaza which was also built in Midtown. It was also the tallest building in the southeastern U.S.
 The Edward Morgan Log House is a historic house built c. 1700. An early owner of the house and possibly its builder was the Welsh Quaker settler Edward Morgan the maternal grandfather of Daniel Boone. Despite Morgan's Welsh heritage the house is built in a medieval Germanic style. It is located at 850 Weikel Rd. in Towamencin Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Trowulan Site is an archaeological site located in Trowulan Subdistrict Mojokerto Regency in the Indonesian province of East Java. It is surrounded by an archaeological site covering approximately 100 square kilometres. It has been suggested it was the site of the eponymous capital city of the Majapahit Empire which is described by Mpu Prapanca in the 14th-century poem Nagarakretagama and in a 15th-century Chinese source.
 Rössjöholm Castle (Swedish: Rössjöholms slott) is a castle in Ängelholm Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 King Fahd Medical City (Arabic مدينة الملك فهد الطبية) also popularly abbreviated as KFMC. KFMC consists of four hospitals making up a total of 1095 beds. Main hospitals maternity hospital pediatric hospital rehabilitation center.
 The El Tovar Stables at the south rim of the Grand Canyon were built about 1904 at the same time the nearby El Tovar Hotel was built to house the animals used in general transportation around the park. Collectively called the transportation department in the early 20th century the three structures comprised a horse barn or stable a mule barn and a blacksmith shop.The horse barn is the largest of the structures.
 The Château du Théron is a ruined castle in the commune of Prayssac in the Lot département of France.The castle was built on a very irregular plan because of the rock on which it sits and to which its contours are married. There are five main corners four of which were reinforced by turrets built in the 15th century. The oldest part of the castle the keep dates from the end of the 13th century.
 Paul Parish Church is a parish church in the Church of England located in Paul Cornwall UK.
 All Saints Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida founded in the year 1912. and located in downtown Fort Lauderdale Florida
 American Fork Presbyterian Church (also known as Community Presbyterian Church) is a historic church at 75 N. 1st East Street in American Fork Utah that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1879. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is significant as the first Protestant church in American Fork. Two Mormon meetinghouses in American Fork are also NRHP-listed.
 South Coast Plaza is an upscale-luxury shopping center in Costa Mesa California USA in Orange County. The largest mall on the west coast its sales of over 1.5 billion are highest in the United States. Its 250 retailers represent the highest concentration of design fashion retail in the U.S with the second highest sales-volume in California at $800 per square foot—second only to Westfield Valley Fair in San Jose-Santa Clara at $809 per square foot.
 Mount Sinai Beth Israel is a 856-bed full-service tertiary teaching hospital in New York City. Originally dedicated to serving immigrant Jews living in the tenement slums of the Lower East Side it was founded at the turn of the 20th century.
 St James' Church Arnside is located in the village of Arnside Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 St Oswald's Church Worleston is located in Church Road Worleston Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St Mary Acton St Bartholomew Church Minshull and St David Wettenhall. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Abbeville County Courthouse built in 1908 is an historic courthouse located in the east corner of Court Square in the city of Abbeville in Abbeville County South Carolina. It was designed in the Beaux Arts style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed several other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina.
 Tower Hill Water Tower is a disused water tower and local landmark in Ormskirk Lancashire. Situated on the east side of Tower Hill it was built between 1853-4 for Ormskirk Local Board of Health and is reputed to be the oldest remaining water tower in the country. It was awarded Grade II* listed status in 1976 and is on the Heritage at Risk Register. The area immediately surrounding the tower has been used as allotments since the mid 20th century.
 The American Legion Hut in Tehlequah City Park jct. of E Shawnee St. and N. Brookside Ave. in Tahlequah Oklahoma was built in 1937 and was listed on the National Register in 2006. It reflects WPA Standardized Style and is also known as Rhodes Pritchett American Legion Hut Post 50 and served as a meeting hall.
 St Mary's Church Edwinstowe is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Edwinstowe.
 The Murphy-Burroughs House also known as the Burroughs House is a historic home in Fort Myers Florida United States. It is located at 2505 1st Street. On August 1 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Burroughs House provides living history tours once a week.The Murphy-Burroughs House was Ft. Myers' first year-round luxury home. It is in the Georgian Revival style and was built in 1901 for George Murphy a cattle rancher.
 The Post Office Building in Greenville Texas was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It was at this post office on June 20 1942 that Audie Murphy enlisted in the United States Army.
 Büyük Saat (English: The Great Clock Tower) is the tallest clock tower in Turkey rising 32 m (105 ft) high. It is located in the old town of Adana on Ali Münif Caddesi.
 Jordan Hall is a 1019-seat concert hall in Boston Massachusetts the principal performance space of the New England Conservatory. It is one block from Boston's Symphony Hall and together they are considered two of America's most acoustically perfect performance spaces. It is the only conservatory building in the United States to be designated a National Historic Landmark.The hall opened in 1903 as a gift of Eben D.
 The MesseTurm (English: Trade Fair Tower) is a 63-storey 257 m (843 ft) skyscraper in the Westend-Süd district of Frankfurt Germany. It is the second tallest building in Frankfurt the second tallest building in Germany and the tenth tallest building in the European Union.
 Built in 1926 the Casa Caprona (also known as the Markent Apartments) is a historic building in Fort Pierce Florida. It is located at 2605 St. Lucie Boulevard. Designed in the Mediterranean Revival style by architects Arthur Beck and J.K. Shinn it was envisioned as the centerpiece for the proposed winter community of San Lucie Plaza however due to the collapse of the Florida land boom the project failed. On June 2 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Jefferson County Alms House also known as Snow Hill Farm located near Leetown West Virginia is an historic Federal style house. Snow Hill was built circa 1813 for John Hurst son of James Hurst a prosperous local landowner. In 1857 Snow Hill was purchased from the Hurst family for use as a farm for the local poor. By 1931 the Alms House (also known as the County Infirmary) had declined to the point that it had become a local disgrace.
 Château d'Ainay-le-Vieil is a castle in Ainay-le-Vieil Cher France.Built in the 14th century the castle has been listed as a Monument historique since 1968 by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Crowne Plaza Key West – La Concha more commonly known as the La Concha is a hotel and the tallest building in downtown Key West Florida United States. It was completed in 1926.It is currently the tallest building in the civilian sector of the island of Key West and a contributing structure in the Key West Historic District. The tallest building on the island is the Combined Bachelor Quarters (CBQ) on Trumbo Point part of Key West Naval Air Station.
 Morris-Hair Tavern also known as Heinbaugh's Hand-Picked Produce & Special Gifts is a historic home that also served as an inn and tavern located at South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1818 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay sandstone building with a center hall floor plan in an Early Republic style. It has a 2 1/2-story kitchen ell. It served as a stop for 19th-century travelers on the National Road.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Federal Building also known as the Old Post Office is a historic office building located at 30 Church Street Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a four story Richardsonian Romanesque style structure with an inner court and tower. It was built between 1885 and 1889 of heavy brown sandstone with a metal skeleton. It was expanded in 1893 and in 1907. The building was designed in part by noted architect Harvey Ellis under the Office of the Supervising Architect Mifflin E. Bell.
 The Edward King House is a monumentally scaled residence in Newport Rhode Island. It was designed for Edward King in the Italian Villa style by Richard Upjohn and was built between 1845 and 1847 making it one of the earliest representations of the style. It was the largest and grandest house in Newport when it was built.
 Arlington Street Church is a Unitarian Universalist church located in Boston Massachusetts. The congregation was founded in 1729 as the Church of the Presbyterian Strangers becoming independent in 1787 taking on a Congregational model. The congregation's building on Arlington Street in Back Bay was built in 1861; they were previously located in downtown Boston in Federal Street Church (Boston).
 Strumica Fortress also known as the Czar's Towers is a ruined fortress in eastern Macedonia. It overlooks the city of Strumica. The fortress was built in the 5th century although the site itself dates from the 1st century BC.Reconstruction of the fortress began in March 2014.
 The California Science Center (sometimes spelled California ScienCenter) is a state agency and museum located in Exposition Park Los Angeles. Billed as the West Coast's largest hands-on science center the California Science Center is a public-private partnership between the State and the California Science Center Foundation.
 Morocco Mall is the second largest shopping center in Africa with 200 000m² of floor space in Casablanca Morocco. Morocco Mall which opened on December 1 2011 was designed by Architect Davide Padoa of Design International a global architecture boutique with its headquarters in London.The mall features a massive 1000000 litre aquarium that contains over 40 different species of fish. The aquarium is called Aquadream and was designed and built by International Concept Management (ICM).
 The Cross-Straits Common Market Foundation (Chinese: 兩岸共同市場基金會; pinyin: Liǎng'àn Gòngtóng Shìchǎng Jījīn Huì) is an organization in Taiwan dealing with cross-strait trading. The office is located at Tunnan Tower Da'an District Taipei.
 The American Folk Art Museum is an art museum in the Upper West Side of Manhattan at 2 Lincoln Square Columbus Avenue at 66th Street. It is the premier institution devoted to the aesthetic appreciation of folk art and creative expressions of contemporary self-taught artists from the United States and abroad.Its collection holds over 5000 objects from the 18th century to the present.
 Whilldin-Miller House is located in West Cape May Cape May County New Jersey United States. The front portion of the house was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 12 2003. The original timber frame 2-story house remaining in the rear was built by Joseph Whilldin about 1715.
 Lyallpur Museum is an heritage museum and art gallery in Faisalabad Pakistan. It has galleries which shows the ancient and modern culture of Faisalabad. It was established in 2012 and is still under-construction. It will represented by District Co-ordination Officer (DCO) Faisalabad District.
 The Palm Trump International Hotel & Tower was a proposed skyscraper hotel at the trunk of the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai. It was a joint venture between the Trump Organization and Dubai-based Nakheel a government-owned company and was announced on October 5 2005. The hotel was expected to be a 300-room hotel. Construction work was suspended indefinitely on this and other prestigious building projects throughout Dubai in late 2008 largely as a result of the global credit crunch.
 Hotel Torre Catalunya (also full name Gran Hotel Torre de Catalunya) is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1970 has 25 floors and rises 100 metres (including mast) and 80 metres without mast. It is located near Barcelona Sants Railway Station Plaça d'Espanya and three other skyscrapers: Edificio Allianz Edificio Tarragona Torre Núñez y Navarro.
 William Beers House also known as the Beers House is a historic home located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1839 and is a three-story three bay Greek Revival style brick dwelling crowned by an Italianate bracketed cornice and shallow hipped roof. It features an entrance with sidelights and pilasters framed by a porch containing coupled Greek Doric order columns. The house was enlarged to a full three stories in 1860.
 Cafe Bahar is a popular hotel located in Basheerbagh Hyderabad India. The restaurant is also for its Hyderabadi Biryani Hyderabadi haleem etc.
 Named for Newton E. Noyes the Noyes Building is the administrative building on the Snow College campus which is located in Ephraim Utah. It houses both the administrative offices and the mathematics department. The money to build the Noyes building was entirely earned by the Ephraim community through the sale of their Sunday eggs the eggs their chickens laid on Sundays.
 Carpenter's Flats Bridge is a historic Warren Steel Truss bridge over the Ausable River at AuSable and Peru in Clinton County New York. It was built by the American Bridge Company in 1941. The bridge is 255 feet in length 37 feet wide and 38 feet in height.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The North Alabama Railroad Museum Inc. is a railway museum in Chase Alabama. The museum incorporated in 1966 is owned and operated by the North Alabama Chapter of the National Railway Historical Society. The museum has a collection of rolling stock a small train station and a small heritage railroad called the Mercury and Chase Railroad between April and December.
 Sprague's Super Service is a historic independent gas station on Route 66 in Normal Illinois.A Tudor revival building constructed in 1931 by William Sprague to house a service station restaurant and garage it is the largest of three remaining two-story fuel station buildings on US 66 originally housing a café and service station on the main floor plus two second-floor apartments for the owner and the station attendant.
 The Norris Geyser Basin Museum also known as Norris Museum or Norris Comfort Station is one of a series of trailside museums in Yellowstone National Park designed by architect Herbert Maier in a style that has become known as National Park Service Rustic. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is one of three parts of a National Historic Landmark the Norris Madison and Fishing Bridge Museums which were funded by Laura Spelman Rockefeller's grant of $118000.
 Maison forte de Reignac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It is built into the rock face.
 St. Stephen’s Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Owensboro Kentucky United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Owensboro.
 The Collégiale Saint-Thiébaut (Saint-Theobald collegiate church) in Thann Haut-Rhin is one of the most ornate Gothic churches in the whole Upper Rhenish region (Alsace Baden North-Western Switzerland Palatinate). Of its 76 meters high spire it is said that The spire of Strasbourg is the highest the spire of Freiburg is the broadest but the spire of Thann is the prettiest. In spite of its name the church is actually dedicated to Saint-Ubald of which it keeps a finger as a relic.
 –Berkeley Mall is a shopping center in Goldsboro North Carolina. It is owned by Faison Enterprises which is headquartered in Charlotte North Carolina. The Mall as about 45 stores including the 5 outside the mall. The main anchors are Belk JCPenney's and Sears. The Mall is located at 625 N. Berkeley Blvd right off US 70.
 First Baptist Church and Cook Memorial Building is a historic Baptist church located at Carthage in Jefferson County New York. The church was built in 1885 and is a vernacular Gothic / Romanesque Revival–style edifice. It is of brick with stone trim and features asymmetrical massing a multi-story bell tower broad cross gables corbelled brick cornices stone-capped brick buttresses and lencet-arched stained glass windows.
 The Paul Robeson Residence (also known as the Roger Morris building and by its street address of 555 Edgecombe Avenue) is a National Historic Landmarked building located at 555 Edgecombe Avenue in the Washington Heights neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan in New York United States.For the first 25 years of its existence this building was restricted to only white tenants.
 Burgruine Ortenburg is a mediaeval castle near Baldramsdorf in Carinthia Austria.It was erected in the late 11th century by ministeriales of the Bavarian Prince-Bishops of Freising who then held large possessions in the Duchy of Carinthia. Their descendants began to call themselves Counts of Ortenburg.
 The New York State Education Department Building (commonly known as the State Education Building) is a state office building in Albany New York. It houses offices of the New York State Education Department (NYSED) and was formerly home to the New York State Museum and New York State Library. Designed by Henry Hornbostel and opened in 1912 the building is known for its expansive colonnade.
 Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx New York is a teaching hospital that is the University Hospital for Albert Einstein College of Medicine. The hospital named for Moses Montefiore is one of the 50 largest employers in New York State. In 2011 Montefiore Medical Center was ranked as #6 of the 180 New York City metro area hospitals by U.S. News & World Report. It was ranked as one of the best hospitals in the U.S. in 3 specialties and noted for high performance in 9 others.
 Boone Tavern is a restaurant hotel and guesthouse affiliated with Berea College in Berea Madison County Kentucky. Boone Tavern Hotel of Berea College is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 The Grace Museum is a museum located in Abilene Texas USA. The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums (AAM). The Grace Museum houses five art galleries displaying temporary exhibitions and works from its permanent art collection; a children's museum; and a history gallery with rotating exhibitions a recreated boot shop and period rooms.
 Hillside Cemetery is a historic cemetery on West Main Street between Brown Street and Charles Street in North Adams Massachusetts United States. Located on the western fringe of the city the earliest portions of the cemetery date to 1798; it is the community's oldest public burying ground. The cemetery is divided by Massachusetts Route 2 with the older section to the north and the younger section (laid out in 1858) to the south.
 A floating restaurant is a vessel usually a large steel barge used as a restaurant on water. The Jumbo Kingdom at Aberdeen in Hong Kong is an example. Sometimes retired ships are given a second lease on life as floating restaurants. The former car ferry New York built 1941 serves as DiMillo's in Portland Maine. Another example was the Train ferry Lansdowne which served as a restaurant in Detroit.
 The Church of St Teilo is the parish church of Llantilio Pertholey Monmouthshire Wales. An unusually large and varied church it is a Grade I listed building as of 1 September 1956
 Victoria Grist Windmill is an historic gristmill in Memorial Square in Victoria Texas United States. The windmill was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 1976 and became an American Society of Mechanical Engineers Landmark in May 1991.The windmill was built in 1870 and is probably the last remaining windmill of European design in the Southwestern United States.
 The Parsian Esteghlal International Hotel is a hotel in Tehran Iran. Opened in 1962 as the Royal Tehran Hilton the hotel was designed by local Iranian architect Heydar Ghiai. The hotel's design consultants also included noted British architect Raglan Squire who also designed Hilton hotels in Tunis Bahrain Nicosia and Jakarta.The hotel originally consisted of a single tower containing 259 rooms. An additional tower with 291 more rooms was constructed in 1972.
 Pink's Hot Dogs is a landmark hot dog restaurant in the Hollywood district of the city of Los Angeles.
 The Church of Saint Edmund is a parish church on Castle Street in Dudley West Midlands England.It is known locally as Bottom Church as opposed to St Thomas's parish church in High Street which is known as Top Church.It dates back to AD970. In 1190 it was noted as being within the possession of Dudley Priory. In 1646 during the English Civil War Colonel Leveson ordered the demolition of the church. As a result residents in the parish congregated at St.
 Winnebago County Courthouse in Forest City Iowa is a Romanesque building from 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Missouri United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in downtown Columbia Missouri on Ninth Street. The building was constructed in 1929 out of Indiana Bedford limestone. The sanctuary seats 1000 people. Because of its architectural quality and contributions to religion in the state the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Missouri United Methodist Church has a long music tradition. It has a large Skinner pipe organ (1928 Opis 750).
 John Eliot Historic District is a historic district on Eliot Pleasant and Auburn Streets in Natick Massachusetts.
 The Louis and Bessie Tarpley House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Shipman family leased 6324 acres (2559 ha) of land near the Kīlauea volcano in 1937 from the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Estate which they called the Ainahou Ranch. The name ʻaina hou means new land.An older ranch called Keauhou (not to be confused with the Keauhou Hawaii on the western side of the island) had been established here in 1921 so a primitive trail existed and the Chain of Craters Road had recently been built within a few miles.Herbert C.
 Harvey House also known as the Coin Harvey House is a historic home located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1874 and is a two story dwelling reminiscent of houses in New Orleans. It features stained glass windows a cast iron mantel and a beamed ceiling in the dining room. It is most notable as the home of William Hope Coin Harvey (1851 – 1936).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 DTE Energy Headquarters is a class-A office complex at I-75 and Grand River on the west side of Downtown Detroit Michigan. It consists of three buildings: Detroit Edison Plaza DTE Energy Building and the Detroit Edison Company Service Building.
 Arden Fair Mall is a two-level regional shopping mall located on Arden Way in Sacramento California USA. It consists of over 165 tenants encompassing over 1100000 square feet (100000 m2) of retail space. It is anchored by JCPenney Macy's Nordstrom and Sears. The mall is owned by Fulcrum Property and is operated by Macerich.
 Rapides Opera House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It is a Romanesque building designed by Favrot & Livaudais and built in 1903. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 11 1981.
 Shotwell Hall also known as Fraternity Hall is a historic dormitory located on the campus of West Liberty University at West Liberty Ohio County West Virginia. It was designed by noted Wheeling architect Frederick F. Faris (1870-1927) and built in 1937. It is a 2 1/2-story red brick over concrete block building in the Colonial Revival style. It features a broken pediment doorway and pedimented gable ends.
 The Fisher Building and the New Center Building are two office buildings located adjacent to one another at 7430 2nd Avenue and 3011 West Grand Boulevard in the New Center area of Detroit Michigan. They share a 1980 listing on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hardin County Courthouse is one of Ohio's courthouses. Located in Kenton Ohio United States it was completed in 1915 at a cost of $275000. The building was added to the National Register of Historical Places on March 21 1979 and a state historical marker was placed on the courthouse lawn in 1996.The present courthouse is the third structure to occupy the middle of the city's central square; it replaced an 1880 building which in turn replaced a structure erected in 1834.
 The Château Woolsack or Château de Woolsack or The Woolsack is a former hunting lodge located in the commune of Mimizan in the department of Landes in the Aquitaine region of south-western France. Built in 1911 on the shores of Lake Aureilhan by Hugh Grosvenor 2nd Duke of Westminster it is a replica in the Tudor style of the home of Rudyard Kipling - the author of The Jungle Book. It is on a site which has been classified since 18 July 1978.
 The Atantano Shrine near Piti Guam piti dates from 1834. Also denoted 66-03-1012 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It includes several commemorations of events and persons. As such it is an example of a Spanish cultural tradition.Through at least 1995 it was the site of an annual fiesta running nine days each year since before World War II.
 St Michael's Church Baddiley is in the civil parish of Baddiley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church lies at the end of a lane near to Baddiley Hall formerly the home of the Mainwaring family. It dates from the early 14th century. The nave and chancel are divided by a pre-Reformation screen and tympanum. The church is one of a 'handful' of timber-framed churches remaining in the country.
 The Huashan 1914 Creative Park (Chinese: 華山1914文化創意產業園區; pinyin: Huàshān 1914 Wénhuà Chuàngyì Chǎnyè Yuánqū) is a multi-purpose park in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan.
 The Naval Museum of Armament & Technology (NMAT) preserves and interprets the history of Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and its heritage of advancing Naval aviation armament and technology. This museum is the repository of artifacts photographs and film documents and related heritage memorabilia from China Lake.
 Mount Elizabeth Hospital (Chinese: 伊丽莎白医院) known colloquially as Mount E is a 345-bed private hospital in Singapore operated by Parkway Health. Construction began in 1976 and the hospital officially opened in 8 December 1979. The hospital specialises in cardiology oncology and neuroscience among other tertiary services. It is also recognised as a multi-organ transplant specialty hospital.
 Triune Fortification is a historic site in or near Arrington Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It has significance from American Civil War activity there in 1863. When listed the property included four contributing structures and ten non-contributing buildings on 502 acres (203 ha).In 2008 it was advocated that a conservation easement to preserve the property should be created.
 Burg Obervoitsberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Norwegian Maritime Museum (Norwegian: Norsk Maritimt Museum) previously known as the Norsk Sjøfartsmuseum founded in 1914 is located at Bygdøynesveien on the Bygdøy peninsula on the western side of Oslo Norway. The museum's building won an architectural award. Its exhibits on coast culture and maritime history include boat models fishing marine archeology marine paintings ship building and shipping.
 The Tree Streets Historic District is a 120-acre (49 ha) historic district in Waynesboro Virginia. The aptly named district contains portions of Cherry Chestnut Locust Maple Oak Pine and Walnut Avenues as well as potions of Eleventh through Sixteenth Streets and part of South Wayne Avenue. It covers the oldest residential neighborhood in Waynesboro and reflects the various stages of development of the city from the 19th century through 1951.
 First Congregational Church (or Orwell Congregational Church) is a historic church at 464 Main Street in Orwell Vermont.The current meeting house was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Cingjing Farm (Chinese: 清境農場; pinyin: Qīngjìng Nóngchǎng) is a tourist attraction farm in Ren-ai Township Nantou County Taiwan.
 Jacobus Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church on Mays Landing Road and Route 54 in Folsom Atlantic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Marine Corps Legacy Museum is located on the northwest corner of the Town Square in Harrison Arkansas United States.
 Wagga Wagga Base Hospital is located in the City of Wagga Wagga the largest inland city of New South Wales Australia. The hospital is the largest in the region providing medical services to the wider Riverina.It is the regional referral hospital for outlying areas and provides medical surgical orthopaedic psychiatric and paediatric inpatient services in addition to emergency care. Wagga Wagga also is home to a private hospital Calvary Hospital which is also important for the region.
 St. Paul's Church is a church in Gibraltar. It is located in northwestern Gibraltar along Varyl Begg Estate.
 Horatio West Court built in Santa Monica California in 1919 is an early example of attached houses with shared pedestrian and vehicle access. The six little buildings are grouped on a 60-foot lot. It was designed by Irving Gill.Horatio West Court divides its narrow lot symmetrically placing two units on either side of a driveway that runs the length of the lot to a rear parking area where two garages are topped with little apartments.
 The Suyong Bay Tower is a proposed supertall skyscraper in Busan South Korea. The tower was proposed in 1988 by Daewoo Corporation but the proposal remained stagnant for years. Now the latest proposal includes the tower into a massive redevelopment of the Suyong Bay and landfill. The current proposal has the tower standing 462 meters (1516 feet) tall and includes 102 floors.
 Arthur Foss built in 1889 originally named Wallowa is one of the oldest wooden-hulled tugboats afloat in the United States. In 1898 in response to the Alaskan gold rush she transported barges full of gold-seeking miners and supplies up the Inside Passage. There are no other Alaskan Gold Rush vessels still operating today.
 The Taylor Square Firehouse is an historic fire station at 113 Garden Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The stylistically eclectic brick building was built in 1904 to a design by local architect Charles Greco. Although it has a somewhat standard building plan dictated by its function the building has exotic architectural details including a projecting cornice with large wooden brackets patterned brickwork on the parapet and Moorish Revival decoration of the truck bay arches.
 The Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Baltimore Building is a historic industrial building at 2525 Kirk Avenue in Baltimore Maryland. The Moderne style building was built in 1939. The building includes hallmarks of the style including rounded corners horizontal bands of stonework and stylized relief panels with renditions of the Coca-Cola Company logo.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The Chapel of the Oblates (fr: Chapelle des Oblats) is a Roman Catholic chapel in Aix-en-Provence.
 Cordts Mansion is a historic home located at Kingston in Ulster County New York. It is an impressive three story Second Empire style residence built in 1873 for a prominent brick merchant and manufacturer John A. Cordts. It features a centered tower slate sloping concave mansard roof with headed dormer windows iron roof cresting a columned front porch verandah and a bay window.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The R. H. Stearns Building at 140 Tremont Street in Boston was built in 1909 for the businessman R. H. Stearns and his company and was the home of the R. H. Stearns department store until its demise.The Stearns store had been in many locations in Boston before finally settling in its new building and headquarters at 140 Tremont Street.Since 1886 Stearns & Co.
 The Duane Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Duane New York.
 St Mary's Collegiate Church Youghal County Cork Ireland is a Church of Ireland Church in Youghal east County Cork and part of the Diocese of Cloyne which is a constituent diocese of the United Dioceses of Cork Cloyne and Ross.
 The City Guard (Croatian: Zgrada Glavne straže) is the name of the building which formerly housed the city guard of Osijek Croatia. It is located in Tvrđa.Today the building houses the Archaeological Museum Osijek a local museum focusing on the history of the city.
 Milford Congregational Church is a historic church on Main and Perry Streets in Milford Maine.Designed by Asa T. Wing it was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at 120 E. Walnut Street in Paris Arkansas.It was built in 1930 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 ECHO Lake Aquarium and Science Center formerly the Lake Champlain Basin Science Center is located on the Burlington waterfront in northern Vermont. It is home to more than 70 species of fish amphibians invertebrates and reptiles major traveling exhibitions and the multimedia Awesome Forces Theatre.
 The Joseph Bergman House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kasumigaseki Building (霞が関ビル Kasumigaseki biru) is a 30-story skyscraper located in Kasumigaseki Chiyoda Tokyo. The building is widely regarded as the first modern office skyscraper in Japan. The reason high-rise buildings were not built in the country earlier was that the Building Standard Law set a uniform maximum height of 31 m to protect the cityscape and avoid the technical issues involved in building large buildings in a country prone to earthquakes.[citation needed]
 The Fort William Henry is located in the village of New Harbor in the town of Bristol Maine. The fort was the largest in New England. The fort was originally built in 1692 but destroyed four years later by New France in the Siege of Pemaquid (1696). The fort was rebuilt in 1908. The fort was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1969.
 The Flying Cow Ranch (Chinese: 飞牛牧场; pinyin: Fēiniú Mùchǎng) is a tourist attraction ranch in Tongxiao Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 Park Prewett Hospital also known as Park Prewett Mental Hospital was a psychiatric hospital northwest of Basingstoke in the county of Hampshire in England which operated from 1917 until 1997. The hospital was designed by the noted asylum architect George T. Hine.
 Nyakibale Hospital is a private non-profit community hospital in Nyakibale in the town of Rukungiri in Rukungiri District in Uganda's Western Region.
 The Col. Adelbert Mossman House built in 1895 in a Queen Anne style is the home of Colonel Adelbert Mossman a Civil War veteran. It is located at 76 Park Street in Hudson Massachusetts. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kremenets Castle (Ukrainian: Кременецький замок Lithuanian: Kremenecio pilis Polish: Zamek w Krzemieńcu) is situated in the city of Kremenets Ukraine. The castle was built of limestone on a steep hill. The keep located on its west side and its width was 65 metres (213 ft) and length of 135 metres (443 ft). All the elevation was surrounded by a tall stone wall and in the earlier ages of 13th century wood as building material was used instead.
 The Hardman IOOF Lodge Hall (also known as the Hardman Community Center and the Lone Balm Lodge #82) is a meeting hall in the ghost town of Hardman in the U.S. state of Oregon. Completed in 1900 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.The two-story structure has a stone foundation a wooden frame a false front extending above the roof line and Italianate details.
 The Duane Doty School is a school building located at 10225 3rd Street in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Rivergate Tower also known as the Sykes building and commonly referred to as the Beercan building is a 454 ft (138m) tall skyscraper in Tampa Florida. With 31 floors it is the sixth tallest building in Tampa. Rivergate Tower's principle tenant is Sykes Enterprises a publicly traded company that operates technical help and customer support centers internationally. The building was constructed from 1986 to 1988. Harry Wolf (architect) based its measurements on the Fibonacci series.
 The William Tully House is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The house has also been associated with the name Heartsease. There is no documentation why this name came about but it could be in relation to the flower Viola tricolor (also known as heartsease) once growing in the yard. It could also be related to its use as a summer house for working girls.It was built circa 1750.
 Teller Cigar Factory also known as Sprecht Clothing Company is a historic factory building located at Sellersville Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1866 and expanded in 1895. The original section is a 2 1/2-story stone structure and the addition a 2 1/2-story brick structure. Both structures are plastered and have gable roofs. The building is 10 bays wide and 4 bays deep.
 Koe-Thaung (Burmese: ကိုးသောင်းဘုရား [kóðáʊɴ pʰəjá]) is the largest temple in Mrauk U Myanmar. The name means Temple of 90000 Buddha Images. The temple was built between 1554 and 1556 by King Dikkha.
 Frome Museum in Frome Somerset England houses a collection of local history and has a particular important collection of artefacts from the bronze foundry of J.W.Singer.
 Town and Country Building also known as the Lyric Theatre (before 1913) and New Lyric Theatre (ca. 1913-ca. 1925) is a historic commercial building located at Liberty in Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1890 as a combination meeting hall and retail space and has been occupied by a series of stores theatres and social groups. The last substantive exterior renovation was about 1950 when it received the current Art Moderne facade.
 The Winnifred Street Bridge (also known as WSDOT Bridge No. 1130) is a concrete box girder bridge in Ruston Washington. It was built in 1941 by S. R. Gray. The bridge has a 215-foot (66 m) deck and sits 74 feet (23 m) above railroad tracks in a ravine.After an inspection of the bridge it was found to have structural deficiencies in its abutment wall and was closed for repairs. The original guardrails were replaced as well as the deck surface.
 The Mendon Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village center of Mendon Massachusetts and some of its surrounding rural areas. It is roughly bounded by Main Hastings Maple North Washington & George Streets. The village is centered on the triangle defined by Main Hastings and Maple Streets with dwellings built up on the roads that radiate away from this area.
 Friendship Free Library also known as Pitt Memorial Library is a historic library building located at Friendship in Allegany County New York. Constructed of yellow brick in 1912 the building is composed of a five- by two bay one story main block with a large four by four bay block to the rear. The building features Arts and Crafts style decorative elements.
 The Kyriazis Medical Museum in Larnaca Cyprus was established in 2011. It displays medical items books and framed documents relating to the practice of Cypriot medicine and the history of medicine in Cyprus from antiquity to the 20th century.
 St. Theodosius Russian Orthodox Cathedral is a Russian Orthodox parish located on Starkweather Avenue in the Tremont neighborhood on the near west side of Cleveland Ohio. It is considered one of the finest examples of Russian church architecture in the U.S. and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The parish is the first Orthodox parish in Cleveland and is currently under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of the Midwest of the Orthodox Church in America.St.
 William Shepherd House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It was built in 1873 and is a two story Italian Villa style brick dwelling on a raised ashlar basement.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 &samhoud places is a fine-dining restaurant in Amsterdam Netherlands. The restaurant was awarded two Michelin stars for 2013. However it owed this rating to the past performance of its head chef as the restaurant was opened too briefly for a thorough review.
 Flitcham Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 The American Thread Building is a historic building located at 260 West Broadway (Manhattan) West Broadway in the TriBeCa neighborhood in lower Manhattan New York NY. The eleven story building was designed in the renaissance revival style by architect William B. Tubby and built in 1896.
 King's Carriage House is an New American cuisine restaurant tea room and wine bar located at 251 East 82nd Street (between Second Avenue and Third Avenue) on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City.It opened in 1995. It is owned by Elizabeth King (a chef) and Paul Farrell (who runs the dining room).
 Mannar Hospital is a government hospital in Mannar Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in Mannar District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 350 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Mannar District General Hospital or Mannar Base Hospital.
 Capt. John Clark House is a historic house on Route 169 south of Canterbury Connecticut.The house was built around 1790 in a Georgian style Canterbury type. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Temple Kol Ami is a Jewish synagogue located in Fort Mill South Carolina. Founded in 2010 it is one of two Jewish congregations in York County South Carolina and one of eleven synagogues in the Charlotte metropolitan area.
 The Saenger Theatre is an historic theater in Pine Bluff Arkansas. Located at West Second Ave. and Pine St. on the southeast corner it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. Built in 1924 it is one of only a handful of Saenger movie palaces that remain.
 Carson McCullers House is a historic home located at South Nyack in Rockland County New York. It is a two-story Second Empire style residence constructed in 1880 and modified with subsequent interior and exterior modifications largely in the Colonial Revival spirit about 1910. It is a frame structure built originally as parsonage three bays wide and four bays deep.
 St. Mary's Church is a Roman Catholic church located at 130 Bathurst Street at Portugal Square in the Niagara neighbourhood of Toronto's west end. The parish was established by Irish immigrants in 1852. The Gothic Revival church was designed by Joseph Connolly and completed in 1889 with the tower finished in 1905. It stands as the picturesque western view terminus for Adelaide Street.The rectory convent and a school are also located along Portugal Square.
 Laura H. Carnell School is a historic school building located in the Oxford Circle neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1930-1931. It is a three-story eight-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. A rear addition was built in 1953. It features stone arched entryways stone two-story bay and crenellated battlement with four small towers.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Anderson's Mill is a historic water-powered gristmill on the North Tyger River near Fairmont in Spartanburg County South Carolina. The mill was listed in the National Register in November 1978.
 Stoops Hotel is a historic tavern and hotel located at Battenville in Washington County New York. It was built in two phases with the oldest phase built between about 1790 and 1800. It is a timber frame building of vernacular design with Federal and Greek Revival details. It is located across from the Thomas McLean House and next to the Susan B. Anthony Childhood House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Podington Castle sometimes known as Puddington Manor Farm was an 11th-century castle in the civil parish of Podington in the county of Bedfordshire England. It was a Motte and triple bailey castle surrounded by a moat mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as being owned by Hugh the Fleming. The castle was in ruins prior to the early part of the 17th century when a new Podington Manor now referred to as Old Podington Manor had been built just forward of its location.
 The Harriet and Thomas Beare House is a Victorian house located on Reeves Drive in the Near Southside Historic District of Grand Forks North Dakota.
 The East London Mosque situated in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets between Whitechapel and Aldgate serves the United Kingdom's largest Muslim community. It lies near the edge of the City of London and a couple of miles from London Docklands. Combined with the adjoining London Muslim Centre and Maryam Centre it is one of the largest mosques in the Europe accommodating more than 7000 worshippers for congregational prayers.
 Hotel Sisimiut is a hotel located at Aqqusinersuaq 86 in the northeastern outskirts of Sisimiut Greenland. It is used regularly for conferences and contains one of the most notable restaurants in the town Restaurant Nasaasaaq and Bar Aaveq.
 The Joseph Briggs House at Coventry Town Farm is an historic house in Coventry Rhode Island.The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The Blake McFall Company Building also known as the Emmett Building in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a five-story commercial warehouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Designed by McNaughton & Raymond of Portland and built in 1915 it was added to the register in 1990. The 100-by-200-foot (30 by 61 m) structure is representative of a group of timber-framed loft warehouses built in the early 20th century on the east side of the Willamette River.
 The Carnegie Library at FAMU is a historic building on the campus of Florida A&M University in Tallahassee Florida. It was one of many public and college libraries donated by Andrew Carnegie which were named Carnegie Library after him. It was designed by noted architect William Augustus Edwards and was built in 1908. On November 17 1978 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 One Devonshire Gardens (officially known as Hotel du Vin at One Devonshire Gardens) is a luxury hotel located in the West End of Glasgow Scotland. It is well known for its celebrity guests including George Clooney Kylie Minogue Britney Spears Justin Timberlake Robbie Williams Gwyneth Paltrow Whitney Houston Lionel Richie and Jon Bon Jovi. Rates for rooms start at £150 for a standard room rising to £960 for the duplex Mews Suite. The hotel also holds a licence as a marriage venue.
 Château de Mareuil is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 United Office Building is a historic art deco skyscraper located in Niagara Falls New York.Designed by architect James A. Johnson. Completed in 1929 on the eve of the Great Depression the building is one of the most important landmarks in downtown Niagara Falls.
 34 Montagu Square is the address of a London ground floor and basement flat once leased by Beatles member Ringo Starr during the mid-1960s. Its location is 1.3 miles (2.09 km) from the Abbey Road Studios where the Beatles recorded. Many rich and titled people have lived at the address including a British Member of Parliament Richard-Hanbury Gurney and the daughter of the Marquess of Sligo Lady Emily Charlotte Browne.
 The Topaz War Relocation Center also known as the Central Utah Relocation Center (Topaz) and (briefly) the Abraham Relocation Center was a camp which housed Nikkei – Americans of Japanese descent and immigrants who had come to the United States from Japan.
 Boulder Community Hospital was founded in 1922 and is a Level II Trauma Center. It is located in Boulder Colorado. It is a non-profit community-owned hospital.It is known for its Cardiac Orthopedic and Neurological services and is a level II trauma center. The hospital has a helipad located at the parking lot in the west side of the hospital.It consists of four facilities
 The Puijo tower is a 75 metres (246 ft) high observation tower in Kuopio Eastern Finland. The tower opened in 1963 has a revolving restaurant with 100 seats. It was the first tower with a revolving restaurant in the Nordic countries. The restaurant was an inspiration to Erkki Lindfors the mayor of Tampere who got the idea to build a similar one in his home town resulting in the Näsinneula tower which opened in 1971.
 Riverview Hospital was a mental health facility located in Coquitlam British Columbia operating under the governance of BC Mental Health & Addiction Services. It closed in July 2012. At one time Riverview Hospital was known as Essondale Hospital for Dr. Henry Esson Young (1862-1939) who played an important role in establishing the facility. Essondale Hospital is not to be confused with the Essondale neighbourhood where the hospital is located.
 The Belnord is an apartment building on West 86th Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City.It was designed in 1908 by the noted architectural firm of Hiss and Weekes. It is 13 stories tall and features Italian Renaissance style decorative elements. It features two massive two story grand archways that provide entrance to an inner courtyard with landscaped gardens.The Belnord is one of a mere handful of full-block apartment buildings in New York.
 Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts is a former estate near Katonah New York United States which is about 50 miles (80 km) north of New York City. Presently it is a venue for classical music performances and an art museum. Both are legacies of the house's original owners Walter and Lucie Rosen. The Caramoor International Music Festival is held there every summer.
 Boeing Galleries (North Boeing Gallery and South Boeing Gallery) are a pair of outdoor exhibition spaces within Millennium Park in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois USA. The spaces are located along the south and north mid-level terraces above and east of Wrigley Square and the Crown Fountain. In a conference at the Chicago Cultural Center Boeing President and Chief Executive Officer James Bell to Chicago Mayor Richard M.
 140 St Georges Terrace is a 30-storey skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. Opened in 1975 the 131-metre (430 ft) tower was known as the AMP Building or AMP Tower after its owner and former flagship tenant AMP Limited. The building became the tallest completed skyscraper in Perth in 1975 a title which it held only until 1976 when Allendale Square was opened.
 Kerala Science and Technology Museum is an autonomous institution established by Government of Kerala India in 1984 as a center for popularisation of science and scientific temper among the general public especially among the young generation. The institution is located in the heart of Thiruvananthapuram city in Kerala. There is also a planetarium called Priyadarsini Planetarium attached to the Museum functioning since 1994.
 Pinewood Depot is an historic railway station located at the junction of East Avenue and Clarke Street in the town of Pinewood at the southern entrance of the High Hills of Santee South Carolina. It is the only railroad station left in Sumter County but is not longer used by CSX the current owner of the railroad right-of-way. On June 10 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mrs. J. V. Murphy House at 204 E. Santa Rosa in Victoria Texas was built in 1900. It was designed by architect Jules Leffland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Fort Yellowstone was a U.S. Army fort established in 1891 at Mammoth Hot Springs in Yellowstone National Park. Yellowstone was designated in 1872 but the Interior Department was unable to effectively manage the park. Administration was transferred to the War Department in August 1886 and General Philip Sheridan sent a company of cavalry to Mammoth Hot Springs to build a cavalry post.
 St Michael's Church is a notable Anglican parish church in Basingstoke Hampshire England. It is located in the lower part of the town near its centre towards the northern end of Church Street.Despite being dismissed by Thomas Hardy in his 1895 novel Jude the Obscure as gaunt and unattractive St Michael’s is a Grade I listed building.
 The Dawson County Courthouse built in 1858 is an historic two-story redbrick courthouse building located on Courthouse Square in Dawsonville Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Palm Beach Outlets is a shopping mall in West Palm Beach Florida. Opened on February 14 2014 it was developed on the site of the demolished Palm Beach mall in 2013 and 2014.Opened in 1967 as Palm Beach Mall it was the first fully enclosed climate-controlled mall developed in Florida.
 Churchill Gardens is a large housing estate in the Pimlico area of Westminster London. The estate was developed between 1946 and 1962 to a design by the architects Powell and Moya replacing Victorian terraced houses extensively damaged during the Blitz. Comprising 1600 homes in 32 blocks the estate is notable as the only housing project completed under the ambitious Abercrombie Plan to redevelop the capital on more efficient lines.
 The Lockville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the area of a historic mill village in Southampton Massachusetts. The district is located about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Southampton Center along College Highway (Massachusetts Route 10) in the area where the road crosses the Manhan River. The river in this area provided a drop in elevation that was used to provide power for a modest mill complex which operated from the 1830s until about 1900.
 Somerhill Gallery was a contemporary art gallery based in Durham North Carolina owned by Joseph D. Rowand. Founded in 1972 the gallery shut its doors due to bankruptcy and failure to pay its artists in 2010.Abstract and representational artwork in all visual disciplines was on display in the gallery's 9600-square-foot (890 m2) setting.
 Francis L. Gardner House is a historic house at 1129 Gardner's Neck Road in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Balmoral is a luxury five-star hotel and landmark in Edinburgh Scotland known as the North British Hotel until the late 1980s. It is located in the heart of the city at the east end of Princes Street the main shopping street beneath the Edinburgh Castle rock and the southern edge of the New Town.
 The Insurance Exchange Building formerly known as the Middough Building and the Middough Brothers Building is a registered historic building located on Broadway in downtown Long Beach California USA. The eight-story Beaux Arts building was one of the largest office buildings in downtown Long Beach when it opened in 1925. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 West End Wheelmen's Club also known as the Franklin Club and Knights of Columbus is a historic clubhouse located at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1897 and is a three-story rectangular frame Shingle Style building. It features a wraparound porch and porte cochere. The rear of the building was rebuilt after a fire in 1913.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Knighton Gorges Manor was one of the grandest manor houses on the Isle of Wight. Located in the hamlet of Knighton near Newchurch it is reported to be one of the most haunted locations on the Isle of Wight.The Elizabethan-Tudor style house’s history has been a saga of tragic events.
 Fall Hill is a plantation located near the falls on the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg Virginia. Though the Thorton family has lived at Fall Hill since the early 1700s the present house was built in 1790 for Francis Thorton V (1760–1836). The land on which Fall Hill is located is part of an 8000 acres (3200 ha) land patent obtained by Francis Thorton I (1657–1727) around 1720. The present-day town of Fredericksburg Virginia is located on that original patent.
 Friendship Hall is a historic home located at East New Market Dorchester County Maryland. It is a Georgian-style brick dwelling. It consists of a large five-bay two-story main block built about 1790; a two-bay one-story passage; and a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. Also on the property is a tall frame smokehouse with board-and-batten siding and a steep gable roof.
 Ricci Hall (Chinese: 利瑪竇宿舍; pinyin: Lì mǎ dòu sùshè) is a hall of residence founded in 1929 by the Society of Jesus in memory of Jesuit Matteo Ricci (1552–1610). Located on 93 Pokfulam Road Ricci Hall is the only catholic hostel in The University of Hong Kong. In early 1960 it was decided that space of Ricci Hall was inadequate; it should be renovated and rebuilt. On 8 December 1967 the extension of Ricci Hall was inaugurated.
 Yağ Camii (English: Oil Mosque) is a historical mosque located in the old town of Adana at Alimunif Street.
 The Cathedral of Reggio Emilia (Italian Duomo) is one of the three main religious buildings in Reggio Emilia (Emilia-Romagna northern Italy).Built originally in Romanesque style it was largely modified in the following centuries. The façade had originally 13th centuries frescoes now houses in the Diocese's museum.The current façade is unfinished with a 16th-century covering in the lower level with pilasters surrounding niches with the statues of the four patron saints of the city.
 W. G. Wilcox House is a historic multiple dwelling located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built about 1888 and is a two story rectangular multiple dwelling structure with a flat roof on a stone foundation. It features elaborate Eastlake detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua (Croatian: Crkva svetog Antuna Padovanskog) is a Roman Catholic church in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption colloquially simply known as Saint Mary's Cathedral is a historic church on 327 Second Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fall River. The cathedral built in 1852 was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as St. Mary's Cathedral and Rectory. It is the oldest extant church building in the city of Fall River and was one of the city's first Catholic parishes.
 The Institute for Museum Research (German: Institut für Museumsforschung (IfM)) is a national organization which provides services to museums in the Federal Republic of Germany in the areas of research application-oriented teaching and documentation. The Institute was founded in 1979 as a department of the Berlin State Museums overseen by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation.
 The Museum of Modern Art in Antwerp (Dutch: Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst commonly abbreviated as M HKA previously MuHKA) is the contemporary art museum of the city of Antwerp Belgium and it is one of the most important art museums in Belgium.
 This article is about Jameh Mosque of Qazvin; for similar uses see the general article at Jama Masjid.Jame Mosque of Qazvin (Persian: مسجد جامع عتيق قزوین‎ – Masjid-e-Jameh Atiq Qazvin) is one of the oldest mosques in Iran and is the grand congregational mosque (Jameh Mosque) of Qazvin in Qazvin Province Iran.
 The Stephen Beech Cleveland House also known as The Lodge is a historic house in Suggsville Clarke County Alabama. The one story wood-frame house was completed in 1860 by Stephen Beech Cleveland. It features a wrap-around porch on the front and one side. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1999 due to its architectural significance.
 The Chicago Milwaukee and Pacific Railroad-Albert City Station also known as the Albert City Depot was built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (The Milwaukee Road) in 1899 to serve the farms around Albert City Iowa. The railroad built the line from Des Moines Iowa to Spencer Iowa in 1899 to serve local agriculture. Albert City was platted the same year.
 Bidhan nagar Sub-Divisional Hospital is a Government hospital for in Bidhannagar Kolkata India.
 Kowloon Shangri-La (Chinese: 九龍香格里拉大酒店) is a five-star hotel of the Hong Kong based Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts (Chinese: 香格里拉酒店集團) group. It is located on Mody Road in Tsim Sha Tsui East overlooking Victoria Harbour and the Hong Kong Island skyline. It is the sister hotel to the Island Shangri-La in Admiralty district Hong Kong.
 The Rio Grande Gorge Bridge locally known as the Gorge Bridge and the High Bridge is a steel deck arch bridge across the Rio Grande Gorge 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Taos New Mexico United States. At 565 feet (172 m) above the Rio Grande it is the seventh highest bridge in the United States and 82nd highest bridge in the world.
 The Queponco Railway Station is a historic United States railway station located at 8378 Patey Woods Road Newark Worcester County Maryland. Constructed by the Pennsylvania Railroad the Queponco Railway Station served Snow Hill Berlin and Newark communities.The Queponco Railway Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Not to be confused with the Ashcombe House in Wiltshire occupied by Madonna and Guy Ritchie.Ashcombe House at Swainswick north-east of Bath in Somerset England is a Gothic revival country house. It is a Grade II listed building.Ashcombe House stands on the slopes of the Lam Valley in 25 acres (100000 m2) of grounds. It dates from the early nineteenth century and was altered in the late nineteenth century.
 Rehoboth also known as Turpin Place or Lee Mansion is a historic home located at Eldorado Dorchester County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house. A chimney rises flush with the one gable end and a 1 1⁄2-story frame kitchen wing is attached to the other end. The interior of the house was gutted by fire in October 1916 and rebuilt.
 1211 Avenue of the Americas (also known as the News Corp. Building) is an International style skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Formerly called the Celanese Building it was completed in 1973 as part of the Rockefeller Center extension that started in the late 1950s with the Time-Life Building. The Celanese Corporation would later move to Dallas Texas.
 The Misericordia Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in west Edmonton Alberta Canada. The Misericordia is home to the Institute for Reconstructive Sciences in Medicine (iRSM) a facility for reconstruction of the face head and neck.
 St. Matthew's Episcopal Church also known as St. Matthew's Episcopal Church and Close is a historic Episcopal church at 85-45 96th Street in Woodhaven Queens New York. Located behind the church is the Wyckoff-Snediker Family Cemetery.The parish hall dates to 1907. The church was built between 1926 and 1927 in the Late Gothic Revival style designed by the architect Robert F. Schirmer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.St. Matthew's closed on May 22 2011.
 Moll's Mobil was a chain of predominantly Mobil gasoline stations located in Allentown Pennsylvania between 1967 and 1971. The stations went out of business just prior to the 1973 oil crisis.No remains of the physical buildings remain. The sites have been redeveloped for other uses.
 The Troy Gordon House (formerly known as the Old Anderson Farm) is a house built in Fayetteville Arkansas in 1851. Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 the house is one of the few remaining antebellum houses in Arkansas.
 The Alderman Proctor's Drinking Fountain (grid reference ST566738) is a historic building on Clifton Down Bristol England.It was built in 1872 by the London firm of George and Henry Godwin in a Gothic Revival style to commemorate the 1861 presentation of Clifton Down to the City of Bristol by the Society of Merchant Venturers and includes a plaque of the dedication.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 Hupp House also known as the Frontier Fort and Hupp Homestead is a historic home located near Strasburg Shenandoah County Virginia. It was built about 1755 and is a 2 1/2-story rubble limestone Colonial-era dwelling. It is on a banked site and measures 20 feet wide by 40 feet deep. A concrete block east wing was added in 1956.
 Sarkarhat N. R. High School is a secondary school in Bangladesh. The full name of Sarkarhat N. R High School is Sarkarhat Najar Ali Rupjan High School.
 The Albergue Caritativo Tricoche or Hospital Tricoche (English: Tricoche Charitable Shelter or Tricoche Hospital) is a historic building located on Tricoche street in Ponce Puerto Rico in the city's historic district. It was designed by the Spanish Royal Corps of Engineers. The architecture consists of 19th Century Civil Architecture.
 Old Ravenswood School also known as 1887 School was a historic school building located at Ravenswood Jackson County West Virginia. It was built in 1887-1888 and was a two story brick building with an irregular hipped roof with a truncated tower that until 1971 supported a belfry. The school closed in 1968. The school has been demolished.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Immaculate Conception Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Celina Ohio United States. Founded later than many other Catholic parishes in the heavily Catholic region of western Ohio it owns a complex of buildings constructed in the early 20th century that have been designated historic sites because of their architecture.
 The Albert C. Wagner Youth Correctional Facility is a detention facility located on Ward Avenue in Chesterfield New Jersey. It is operated by the New Jersey Department of Corrections and the current Administrator is John Cunningham. The facility houses violent young offenders as well as those incarcerated on narcotics charges. As of August 7 2009 the prison had an inmate population of 1235.
 The Los Angeles Times Building is an art deco building located at 1st and Spring Streets in Los Angeles California. It is the headquarters of the Los Angeles Times. It was designed by Gordon B.
 The Abram Gaar House and Farm or known as the Gaar Mansion is a wooden Second Empire-style farm home located in Richmond Indiana built in 1876 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The home was built by industrialist Abram Gaar president of Gaar-Scott and Company manufacturers of steam engines and threshing machines from 1842-1911. Total construction cost of the home was $20000 it took eight months to build.
 Danbury Hospital is a 371-bed hospital in Danbury Connecticut serving patients in Fairfield County Connecticut and Putnam County New York.The hospital has 3300 employees. John M. Murphy M.D. is president and CEO of Western Connecticut Health Network the regional health system that includes Danbury Hospital New Milford Hospital and Norwalk Hospital.
 Skagens Museum is an art museum in Skagen Denmark which exhibits an extensive collection of works by members of the colony of Skagen Painters who lived and worked in the area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Important artists include Maria and P. S. Krøyer Anna and Michael Ancher Laurits Tuxen Viggo Johansen and Holger Drachmann. The museum also hosts special exhibitions.
 The Mall in Columbia also known as the Columbia Mall or The Mall is the central shopping mall for the planned community of Columbia Maryland United States. It has five anchor department stores (Sears JCPenney Nordstrom Macy's and Lord & Taylor) and over 200 specialty stores. It includes a 14-screen AMC Theatres. The mall is located in the Town Center area of the city and attracts shoppers from surrounding counties in Maryland.
 St Clement's Church is a Grade I listed building in West Thurrock Essex England. It is the church for one of the traditional (Church of England) parishes in Thurrock. The building was featured in the film Four Weddings and a Funeral.
 The Moundville Archaeological Museum is an archaeological park and museum in Moundville Alabama The museum houses artifacts and displays exhibits on over 60 years of archaeological excavations and investigations in the Moundville Archaeological Park.The Jones Archaeological Museum located in the park was opened on May 16 1939 and was initially known as the Mound State Monument. The museum was originally designed with two wings dedicated to burials which was closed in 1989 and a central section with exhibits displaying artifacts recovered from the site. 
 The Benjamin Stickney Cable Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building at the junction of Massachusetts Routes 1A and 133 in Ipswich Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival building was built in 1917 following an extended fundraising effort begun in 1906 and pushed further along by philanthropist and Castle Hill owner Richard T. Crane Jr. after the 1915 death in a car accident of his friend Benjamin Stickney Cable.
 The Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin Mosque or Iron Mosque (Malay: Masjid Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin or Masjid Besi) is the second principal mosque in Putrajaya Malaysia after Putra Mosque. It is located in Putrajaya's Precinct 3 opposite the Palace of Justice. Construction began since April 2004 and was fully completed on August 2009.
 The Cornelius H. Evans House is located on Warren Street in downtown Hudson New York United States. It is a brick house dating to the mid-19th century.It was the home of Evans a local brewer and businessman who served two terms as the city's mayor. His descendants remained in the house for 80 years. After being used as a synagogue and community center for short periods it has returned to residential use. On November 1 1974 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 North Quay is an approved office development consisting of three towers on the north side of Canary Wharf in London. The developer is Canary Wharf Group and the architect is Cesar Pelli.The heights of the towers will be:Tower 1 - 221 m (725 ft) - 40 floorsTower 2 - 120 m (390 ft) - 18 floorsTower 3 - 209 m (686 ft) - 38 floors
 St Margaret's Church Hornby is in Main Street Hornby Lancashire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Blackburn the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the deanery of Tunstall. Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael Whittington St John Arkholme and St John Gressingham.
 Belcourt is a former summer cottage designed by architect Richard Morris Hunt for Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont and located on Bellevue Avenue in Newport Rhode Island. Begun in 1891 and completed in 1894 it was intended to be used for only six to eight weeks of the year. Designed in a multitude of European styles and periods Belcourt features a heavy emphasis on French Renaissance and Gothic decor with further borrowings from German English and Italian design.
 Reed Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Coxsackie in Greene County New York. The district contains 30 contributing buildings. They are a collection of mid-19th century two and three story commercial buildings. The district displays a uniformity of style in its Italianate style brick facades with ornate brackets and overhanging eaves. It also includes three late Federal style residences.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Fairmont Singapore (Chinese: 费尔蒙特酒店) formerly Raffles The Plaza (Chinese: 莱佛士大厦) is the sister hotel of Swissôtel The Stamford located within the Raffles City complex in Singapore. It has a total of 769 rooms and suites housed within two 26-storey towers.
 The Poweshiek County Courthouse in Montezuma Iowa United States was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The W. Aldrich House is an historic house at 180 Henry Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The construction date of this 2.5 story timber frame house is unknown with certainty; by stylistic analysis it appears to have been built in the mid- to late-18th century. Its owner in 1855 was listed as W. Aldrich who owned a nearby sawmill.
 The Metropolitan Building originally known as the Northwestern Guaranty Loan Building is considered to be one of the most architecturally significant structures in the history of Minneapolis Minnesota. It stood from 1890 until it was torn down starting in 1961 as part of major urban renewal efforts in the city that saw about 40% of the downtown district razed and replaced with new structures.
 Holy Cross is a parish church in Bearsted Kent begun in the 13th century.
 Wimmis Castle is a castle in the municipality of Wimmis of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 The Henry Weinhard Brewery complex also the Cellar Building and Brewhouse and Henry Weinhard's City Brewery is a former brewery in Portland Oregon. Since 2000 it and the neighboring A.B. Smith Automotive Building have been on the National Register of Historic Places. In that same year construction began to reuse the property as a multi-block mixed-use development known as the Brewery Blocks.
 Signer's House and Matthew Thornton Cemetery is a historic site in Merrimack New Hampshire United States. It was home to Matthew Thornton a signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence.The house was built in 1770 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church in Mobile Alabama United States. It was the first large Gothic Revival church built in Alabama. The building was designed by architects Frank Wills and Henry Dudley.
 St Philip's Church Hassall Green is located in New Inn Lane Hassall Green Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Wheelock the benefice of Sandbach Heath with Wheelock the deanery of Congleton the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The other churches in the benefice are St John the Evangelist Sandbach Heath and Christ Church Wheelock.
 The G.A.R. Hall and Museum is a historic museum at 58 Andrew Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built for the local outpost of the Grand Army of the Republic an American Civil War veterans organization in 1885. It has two storefronts on the ground floor offices on the second floor and a large meeting hall on the upper two floors. The roofline originally had ornate brick crenellations but these were removed in the mid 20th century.
 Northgate Shopping Centre is the third largest shopping centre in Tasmania. located in Glenorchy approximately 10 kilometres northwest of Hobart. The shopping centre is located on the Main Road within the CBD of Glenorchy with all stores located on the one level and a large undercover carpark situated below the main building. The centre was opened in November 1986 as a convenience centre anchored by a Coles Supermarket along with 46 speciality stores.
 The Château de la Rochepot is a 13th-century castle later converted into a château in the commune of La Rochepot in the Côte d'Or département in Burgundy France. It lies on the N6 to the south west of the town of Beaune.The castle was built in the 13th century on an outcrop of limestone to the north of the village of La Rochepot. As with many castles it fell into ruin and it was only restored in the 19th century by the Carnot family. It is open to visitors.
 The Farmers State Bank in Conway Arkansas was built in 1918. It was designed in Classical Revival style by Thompson & Harding. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Museum Perumusan Naskah Proklamasi (translated as Museum of the Declaration of Independence also translated as Formulation of Proclamation Text Museum) is a history museum in Jakarta Indonesia. The building is where the Proclamation of Indonesian Independence was formulated.
 The Poppleton Block is located at 1001 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. The building was built in 1880 for Omaha lawyer and politician A.J. Poppleton and was designated an Omaha Landmark on July 13 1982 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places later that year.
 The Woodland Opera House listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a California Historical Landmark is one of four fully functioning 19th century opera houses in California. It is a contributing property to the Downtown Historic District of Woodland California.
 The CEC Palace (Romanian: Palatul C.E.C.) in Bucharest Romania built in 1900 and situated on Calea Victoriei opposite the National Museum of Romanian History is the headquarters of the national savings bank C.E.C. nowadays called CEC Bank.
 John Schoolcraft House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1835 and is a distinctive Gothic Revival style dwelling. It features gingerbread vergeboards pinnacles with crockets lancet windows and horizontal beaded siding. It was built by John L. Schoolcraft (1804-1860) U.S. Congressman and uncle of Henry Rowe Schoolcraft.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Halifax Apartments originally known as the Cross Arms Apartments is a historic apartment building on Yucca Street in Hollywood Los Angeles California. Designed by Walker and Eisen the building was completed in 1923.
 The Mingun Pahtodawgyi (Burmese: မင်းကွန်းပုထိုးတော်ကြီး IPA: [mɪ́ɴɡʊ́ɴ patʰóu dɔ̀ dʑí]) is an incomplete monument stupa in Mingun approximately 10 kilometers northwest of Mandalay in Sagaing Region in central Myanmar (formerly Burma). The ruins are the remains of a massive construction project begun by King Bodawpaya in 1790 which was intentionally left unfinished. The pahtodawgyi is seen as the physical manifestations of the well known eccentricities of Bodawpaya.
 Christinehof Castle (Swedish: Christinehofs slott) is a castle in Tomelilla Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. It was built between 1737 and 1740 in the German Baroque style.
 Masjid as-Salafi also known as The Salafi Mosque or Wright Street is a Salafist mosque founded in 2002 and located in the Small Heath area of Birmingham meters from the intersection of Muntz and Wright streets and just behind Coventry Road.
 The Hus' House or Husův sbor is a Hussite church in the Vršovice area of Prague. This building was one of the first buildings in Prague built from pre-stressed concrete and brick panels. It was built in less than a year and includes a lighthouse tower topped with a cross.
 Brown and Sharpe Manufacturing Company Complex (also known as Darling Brown & Sharpe; Capital Industrial Center; The Foundry) is a historic mill at Promenade Bath Calverly West Park Holden and Brownell Streets and I-95 in Providence Rhode Island longtime home of Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company.The mill was built in 1872 by Thomas McFarlane and Frederick Howe and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Kadoorie Synagogue also known Synagogue Kadoorie - Mekor Haim (Fountain of Life) is the current synagogue of the Jewish Community of Porto. Its construction started in 1929 and was inaugurated in 1938. It is the largest synagogue in the Iberian Peninsula. The synagogue Kadoorie - Mekor Haim is located on Guerra Junqueiro Street in the city of Porto Portugal.
 Sarvis Fork Covered Bridge also known as Sandyville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Sandyville Jackson County West Virginia. It was built in 1889-1890 for $64.00 by R. B. Cunningham and G.W. Staats originally spanning John Carnahan's Fork a branch of Mill Creek. When State Route 33 was built using an iron bridge the covered bridge was first abandoned then moved and rebuilt over the left fork of the Sandy River for $1050.00.
 The Utah Southern Railroad Depot located approximately at 813 N. 150 East in Lehi Utah was built in c.1873. It has also been known as Oregon Short Line Railroad Depot as Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Depot and as Union Pacific Railroad Depot. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It's a plain two-story wooden structure but as of its NRHP nomination it was significant as one of only two remaining depots from the earliest decade of Utah's railroad history.
 Holmes County State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is located off I-55 south of Durant.
 The Vikin Maritime Museum is a maritime museum in the capital of Iceland Reykjavík. The museum is located by the old harbour and was established in 2005. There are seven exhibitions at the museum displaying Icelandic maritime history from the early settlements to the late 20th century. An important part of the museum is the Coast Guard and rescue vessel Óðinn (pronounced Othinn). In 2008 the ship was transformed into a museum exhibit about the cod wars in the 1950s and 1970s.
 St Richard's Hospital is a medium-sized District General Hospital (DGH) located in Chichester West Sussex England. It is now part of Western Sussex Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.Originally built in 1938 and expanded during World War II the hospital is located to the north of Spitalfield Lane in the northeast of the city. It has approximately 430 beds including six ITU beds a high dependency unit and a maternity unit. There is an accident and emergency department.
 Anraku-ji (安楽寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Sōtō school in Bessho Onsen Ueda Nagano Prefecture Japan. It is the oldest Zen temple in Nagano Prefecture. The main hall (hon-dō) has a thatched roof and enshrines an image of Sakyamuni flanked by Manjusri and Samantabhadra as principal object of worship. Anraku-ji is best known for having the only extant octagonal pagoda in Japan.
 St Michael and All Angels Church is located in Egerton Road Ashton-on-Ribble Preston Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Mark Preston and St Andrew Ashton-on-Ribble to form the benefice of the West Preston Team. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Art Gallery of Sudbury is an art gallery in Sudbury Ontario.Established in 1967 by the city's chamber of commerce under the Canadian Centennial centennial projects the gallery is located in the historic turn of the century arts and crafts movement Belrock Mansion of William J. Bell an early lumber baron in the city and philanthropist.
 The Dashti mosque is a historical mosque in Dashti village in the Isfahan Province. It is one of the most famous structures of the Ilkhanid era.
 The Charles H. Spencer was a steamboat that was briefly used on the Colorado River to transport coal for gold refining operations at Lee's Ferry Arizona.In 1910 Charles H. Spencer arrived at Lee's Ferry in search of gold hidden in the Chinle shale. The company processed the shale by creating a mud and then removing the gold deposits by mercury amalgamation which required a steady source of power.
 The Old Public Library is a historic library building at 190 Hampshire Street in Lawrence Massachusetts. The Richardsonian Romanesque structure was built in 1892 to a design by George G. Adams a leading architect of public buildings in New England. The building is predominantly brownstone with terracotta trim bands an irregular and asymmetric massing with a tower and its entrance recessed in an archway.
 St Martin's Church Wareham is an Anglo-Saxon church in the town of Wareham Dorset in England. It is the most complete example of an Anglo-Saxon church in Dorset.It is a Grade I listed building and a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 Bjørnskinn Church (Norwegian: Bjørnskinn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjørnskinn on the island of Andøya. The church is part of the Bjørnskinn parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 Northbank Plaza is an office building in the Brisbane Queensland Australia. Located at 69 Ann Street in the central business district it is located immediately south of the Brisbane City Hall.
 The Union Implement and Hardware Building is a historic building in Independence Kansas. Constructed in from 1900 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The building was a joint venture by the Union Implement and Hardware Company (a seller of agricultural implements). and Fortitude Lodge No. 107 (a local Masonic Lodge). The company's showrooms and offices occupied the first and second floor while the lodge occupied the third and fourth floors.
 Bhisho Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Bhisho Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The Memorial Art Gallery is the civic art museum of Rochester New York. Founded in 1913 it is part of the University of Rochester and occupies the southern half of the University's former Prince Street campus. It is the focal point of fine arts activity in the region and hosts the biennial Rochester-Finger Lakes Exhibition and the annual Clothesline Festival.
 The Deer Creek/Bryson Paddock Sites are the remains of 18th century fortified villages of the Wichita tribe located along the Arkansas River in Kay County Oklahoma.
 The Annisquam Bridge is a historic bridge in Annisquam Massachusetts a village within the city of Gloucester. The bridge was built in 1861 to replace an earlier 1847 bridge that crossed Lobster Cove. It is a wooden pile bridge a type of which only two others were found in New England as part of a c. 1979 survey. The bridge is 440 feet (130 m) long and 30 feet (9.1 m) wide and had a drawbridge section in the center that was moved by a hand-cranked winch.
 The Ahat Jami Mosque (Ukrainian: Мечеть Ахать Джамі) is a congregational mosque located in Donetsk Ukraine. The mosque was named in honor of the local businessman Akhat Bragin and one of its minarets is named after Rinat Akhmetov. It is the first mosque to be built in Donets basin since the fall of the Soviet Union.
 Statland Church (Norwegian: Statland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Statland. The church is part of the Statland parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was constructed in 1992 and was consecrated on 10 May 1992 by Bishop Finn Wagle. The church was designed by the architect Reidar Moholdt and it seats about 140 people.
 Dress Smart is a franchise of shopping centres in New Zealand that specialises in factory outlet stores.
 The Tianjin Tower or Jin Tower (Chinese: 津塔; pinyin: Jīntǎ) or Tianjin World Financial Center (Chinese: 天津环球金融中心; pinyin: Tiānjīn Huánqiú Jīnróng Zhōngxīn) is a modern supertall skyscraper located in the Heping Business District of Tianjin China on the banks of the Hai River. The mixed-use tower is 336.9 metres (1105 ft) tall and contains 74 floors above ground and 4 below with an observation deck at 305.2 metres (1001 ft).
 The Old Manse is a historic manse famous for its American literary associations. It is now owned and operated as a nonprofit museum by the Trustees of Reservations. The house is located on Monument Street in Concord Massachusetts and it neighbors the North Bridge over the Concord River a part of Minute Man National Historical Park.
 The Lee Plaza (also known as the Lee Plaza Hotel or Lee Plaza Apartments) is a vacant high-rise apartment building located at 2240 West Grand Boulevard in Detroit Michigan. It is a registered historic site by the state of Michigan and was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on November 5 1981.
 Gaston's Mill-Lock No. 36 Sandy and Beaver Canal District is a historic district listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The district is located within Beaver Creek State Park approximately 1 mile south of Clarkson Ohio. Gaston's Mill was constructed in 1837 and was powered by Little Beaver Creek. Lock 36 was one of 90 locks on the Sandy and Beaver Canal.
 The Confederation Building is located on Confederation Hill overlooking Newfoundland & Labrador's capital city St. John's and it serves as the home of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly. The brick-and-concrete clad building has 11 storeys and is 64 metres tall. It was completed in 1960 at a cost of $9 million to replace the Colonial Building.
 The Tranquility Grange No. 344 in Lincolnville Center Maine was built in 1908. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a city hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Saint Eric's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Stockholm Sweden. It is located on Södermalm the southern part of central Stockholm. It was built in 1892 and was raised to the status of a cathedral in 1953 when the Roman Catholic Diocese of Stockholm was created (still the only one in Sweden).
 Stoneley Priory was a priory in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1180 and dissolved in 1536.
 The Jensen Investment Company Building is a building located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Jamaica Savings Bank building located in the Jamaica section of the borough of Queens in New York City was built between 1897 and 1898 in the Beaux-Arts style. It is a slender four story brick building with a limestone facade. It features a deeply rusticated ground floor with windows protected by elegant metal grilles.
 The Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale University is among the oldest largest and most prolific university natural history museums in the world. It was founded by the philanthropist George Peabody in 1866 at the behest of his nephew Othniel Charles Marsh the early paleontologist.
 The Curve is a shopping mall in Mutiara Damansara Petaling Jaya Selangor next to Ikea Ikano Power Centre Tesco Royale Bintang Hotel and e@Curve (formerly known as Cineleisure Damansara).Strategically located in Mutiara Damansara the Curve is accessible via 5 ways namely the North Klang Valley Expressway (NKVE) Lebuhraya Damansara Puchong (LDP) Sprint Highway (Penchala Link) Damansara Perdana and Persiaran Surian.
 The Stephen Hogeboom House is located on NY 23B in Claverack New York United States. It is a frame Georgian-style house built in the late 18th century.It was renovated in the mid-19th century with several Greek Revival embellishments but otherwise remains intact. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Knurr Log House is a historic home located at Delphi in Lower Frederick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The log house was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story Germanic log dwelling. It has a gable roof and traditional three room first floor plan. Also on the property are a 19th-century bank barn two chicken houses a corn crib and tool and wood shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Republic Theater also known as the Falls Theater is a historic movie theater located at Great Falls Chester County South Carolina. It was built by Republic Cotton Mills in 1921-1922 and is a rectangular light-colored brick structure on a closed foundation of limestone-colored stucco. The façade has a large segmental arch entrance framed by a terra cotta bundled bay leaf torus and soldier and rowlock surrounds with terra cotta impost blocks.
 Mid Coast Hospital is a full service 92-bed independent community not-for-profit hospital located in Brunswick Maine.
 Jacob's Pillow is a dance center school and performance space located in Becket Massachusetts in the Berkshires. The organization is known for the oldest internationally acclaimed Summer dance festival in the United States. The facility also includes a professional school and extensive archives as well as year-round community programs. The facility itself was listed as a National Historic Landmark District in 2003.
 Jackson Crossing formerly Paka Plaza is one of two enclosed shopping malls serving the city of Jackson Michigan. It opened in 1960 and has been renovated in the 2000s. Anchor stores include Sears Target Kohl's Toys R Us Best Buy TJ Maxx and Bed Bath & Beyond.
 The Edwin S. George Building built in 1908 is located at 4612 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan at the corner of Woodward and Garfield. In 1914 the name was changed to the Garfield Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Alpine Institute was a Presbyterian mission school located in Overton County Tennessee United States. Operating in one form or another from 1821 until 1947 the school provided badly needed educational services to children living in the remote hill country of the Upper Cumberland region.
 Sheboygan Light Power and Railway Company Car #26 is a historic interurban railway car.The car was built in 1908 by the Cincinnati Car Company. It operated around Sheboygan Wisconsin until the 1930s.Car #26 is part of the East Troy Electric Railroad Museum. The car was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The May Street Historic District of Worcester Massachusetts encompasses a well-preserved collection of mid-19th century residences that are predominanty Queen Anne in their styling.
 The CenturyLink Building in Minneapolis Minnesota was completed in 1932 and became the tallest building to be built in the city during the 1930s 1940s and 1950s. Named for its current owner it was previously known as the Qwest Building and the Northwestern Bell Telephone Building. Originally standing 346 feet (105 m) tall the structure grew to 416 feet (127 m) with the addition of a microwave antenna crown in 1958.
 The Mrs. Graham Fair Vanderbilt House also known as the Lycée français de New York is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City. It was built in 1930 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1982.
 The Maison Européenne de la Photographie (or MEP) located in the historic heart of Paris is a major center for contemporary photographic art which opened in February 1996.
 The First Unitarian Church is a historic church at Central and Common Streets in Stoneham Massachusetts. One of Stoneham's more stylish Gothic Revival buildings the Stick style wood structure was built in 1869 for the Unitarian congregation that continues to occupy it.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and included in the Central Square Historic District in 1990.
 Totland Church (Norwegian: Totland kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Totland along the shores of the Nordfjorden. The church is part of the Vågsøy parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1912 to serve the people of the old Davik municipality who lived on the north side of the Nordfjorden.
 This plant was built for Sandoz Laboratories by famous architect Jean Tschumi.It was purchased by Marinopoulos in 2001.
 The Apple Farm is a combination lodging accommodation and American restaurant in San Luis Obispo California located at 2015 Monterey Street. It is a member of California's Boutique Hotel Collection.The lodgings at the Apple Farm are split into The Inn which has large rooms and suites and indoor corridors and which holds a Four-Diamond Award from the American Automobile Association (AAA); and the Trellis Court which has smaller rooms exterior corridors and a Two-Diamond AAA rating.
 University Baptist Church in Austin Texas USA was organized in 1907–1908 to serve students at the University of Texas. Originally leasing space from the Highland Presbyterian Church the church was officially chartered on September 27 1908 with 80 original members.In 1914 the church absorbed members of the then-defunct Central Baptist Church soon growing to almost 500 members.
 Logee House is an historic American colonial house on 225 Logee Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1729 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Established in 1945 the Prince Aly Khan Hospital is a 162-bed multispecialty acute care hospital in Mumbai. The ISO-certified hospital is best known for its services in oncology and cardiovascular diseases and renowned as a referral centre regionally and internationally. The hospital is equipped with an operating complex oncology department cardiology department 24-hour emergency service and a day surgery unit.
 The Monastery of Santa María de las Cuevas also known as the Monastery of the Cartuja (Charterhouse) is a religious building on the Isla de La Cartuja in Seville southern Spain.
 The Château Saint-Aubin is a Bordeaux wine producer in Jau-Dignac-et-Loirac Gironde France. It is classified as a cru bourgeois in the Médoc appellation. The château is built on a magnificent site overlooking the Gironde estuary about 70 kilometres north of Bordeaux. Since the 19th century it has been in the hands of the Saint-Aubin family.
 Old Salem Church and Cemetery is a historic Lutheran Church and adjacent cemetery located at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. The main part of the 1849 Gothic Revival church building is a three bay irregular stone structure approximately 28 feet wide and 42 feet long. It features a gable roof a short boxy steeple an entrance porch at the front and an apse at the rear.
 The Royal Tropical Institute (Dutch: Koninklijk Instituut voor de Tropen) is a foundation based in Amsterdam Netherlands that studies tropical cultures worldwide.
 Fire Station No. 23 is a former fire station in Downtown Los Angeles. Built in 1910 as an operating fire station it was also the Los Angeles Fire Department's headquarters until 1920 and the residence of every fire chief from 1910-1928. When it opened it spawned a political firestorm due to the ornate interior and expensive imported materials leading to its being called the Taj Mahal of firehouses.
 The Frisco Depot and adjacent Antlers Spring are historic sites in Antlers Oklahoma. The sites are a part of the National Register of Historic Places in which they appear as a single entry.
 The Charles Dowler House is an historic house at 581 Smith Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Old Mobile Site was the location of the French settlement La Mobile and the associated Fort Louis de La Louisiane in the French colony of New France in North America from 1702 until 1712. The site is located in Le Moyne Alabama on the Mobile River in the Mobile-Tensaw River Delta. The settlement served as the capital of French Louisiana in from 1702 until 1711 when the capital was relocated to the site of present-day Mobile Alabama.
 The Shakopee Historic District is a Registered Historic District in Shakopee Minnesota that includes significant historical artifacts from pre-contact Native American cultures pre- and post-contact villages of Dakotah people and early white settlers. The earliest sign of habitation are burial mounds while the most recent include a gristmill inn ruins and ferry landing.
 345 California Center is a 48-story office tower in the financial district of San Francisco California. Completed in 1986 the 211.8 m (695 ft) tower is the third-tallest in the city after the Transamerica Pyramid and 555 California Street if the spires are included. It was originally proposed to be 30 m (98 ft) taller.345 California is in the middle of a block with historic buildings on each of the four corners.
 Ridge Avenue Farmers' Market was a historic farmers' market building located in the Francisville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 and was a one-story brick and brownstone building with basement. It was an irregular rectangular shape measuring 92 feet by 262 feet. It featured Gothic arched openings and a high peaked wood open truss roof with jerkinhead end gables.
 The Byzantine Museum of Ioannina is housed in one of the buildings of citadel (Its Kale) of Ioannina the capital of the Epirus region in northwestern Greece. The central section was built in the 1960s and originally functioned as a Royal Pavilion.
 The C. Henry Kimball House is an historic house at 295 Washington Avenue in Chelsea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1888 by C. Henry Kimball and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Cumberland County Courthouse located in Courthouse Square in Toledo is the county courthouse of Cumberland County Illinois. Built in 1887–88 the building is Cumberland County's second courthouse. The first courthouse located at the same site as the current one was built in 1856 and burned in 1885. The second courthouse was designed by architects S. S. Goehring and L.L. Pierson.
 Charles Chamberlain House was a historic house at 373 Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished in 1984.
 Butser Ancient Farm is an archaeological open air museum located near to Petersfield in Hampshire southern England. Containing reconstructions of late prehistoric buildings such as Iron Age roundhouses it is used as both a tourist attraction and a site for the undertaking of experimental archaeology.
 The Friends of the Glorious Cross of Dozulé (Amis de la Croix Glorieuse de Dozulé) is a Christian movement founded in the 1980s in the Calvados département France. It is based on a series of supposed private revelations received in Dozulé in the 1970s. In 1995 the Friends of the Glorious Cross of Dozulé were considered a cult in the 1995 parliamentary report on cults and by anti-cult associations (ADFI CCMM).
 Ware–Hardwick Covered Bridge is a historic bridge on Old Gilbertville Road and Bridge Street in Ware and Hardwick Massachusetts. It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The bridge is managed by a joint committee of the two towns.The wooden structure crosses the Ware River at Bridge Street in the Gilbertville district of Hardwick and Old Gilbertville Road in Ware.
 Abu Dhabi Plaza is a development under construction in Astana Kazakhstan consisting of office residential and shopping space and a hotel. If completed the project will have many towers reaching different heights (similar to the Willis Tower) the tallest reaching a height of 382m with 88 floors.
 The Arba'a Rukun Mosque (Arabic: أربع روكون‎) also known as Arba Rucun is a mosque in Mogadishu Somalia.
 St. John's Church is a historic Episcopal church located near Sweet Hall King William County Virginia. It was constructed in 1734 and is a one-story T-shaped brick building. It measures 50 feet 3 inches by 20 feet 2 inches with a 24 feet wide 28 feet 9 inch wing. St. John's is theonly surviving colonial church in King William County to remain in the Episcopal charge.
 St Stephen's Anglican Church on Stirling Terrace Toodyay Western Australia was one of the earliest significant public buildings constructed in the town then named Newcastle.It was built by George Henry Hasell assisted by stonemason Esau Wetherall and a shingle splitter with the surname MacKnoe. On 9 May 1862 Matthew Hale in his role as Lord Bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Perth consecrated the church and it opened for services.
 The Oshkosh Public Museum is museum located in Oshkosh Wisconsin United States. It is housed in the Edgar and Mary Jewell Sawyer House which is part of the Algoma Boulevard Historic District and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Robert Lindemann House also known as the Karl Lindemann House is a Queen Anne style house built in 1913 by Robert Lindemann in rural Enderlin North Dakota United States.The building is locally significant as the best preserved Queen Anne style property in the area. It is a three story building with an octagonal turret. The house had remained in the family from its construction in 1913 until at least 1994 although it was unoccupied since 1981.
 Saints Peter and Paul Church and Rectory is a historic church building on Columbus Avenue at East Jefferson Street in Sandusky Ohio.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Skjerstad Church (Norwegian: Skjerstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Skjerstad along the Skjerstadfjorden. The church is part of the Misvær og Skjerstad parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white stone and concrete church was built in 1959 and it was designed by Arnstein Arneberg. The church seats about 500 people.
 Ekō-in (回向院) also known as Honjo Ekō-in is a Pure Land Buddhist temple in Ryōgoku Tokyo. The formal name of the temple is Shoshūzan Muen-ji Ekō-in (諸宗山 無縁寺 回向院) reflecting its founding principle of Pariṇāmanā or the spreading of Amida Buddha's benevolence to all souls of all living creatures.
 The Museum of Fine Arts in Boston Massachusetts is one of the largest museums in the United States. It contains more than 450000 works of art making it one of the most comprehensive collections in the Americas. With more than one million visitors a year it is (as of 2013) the 62nd most-visited art museum in the world.Founded in 1870 the museum moved to its current location in 1909.
 Erie County Medical Center is a full-service care hospital with 550 licensed beds located in the East Side of Buffalo New York and a member of the Great Lakes Health System. The school is affiliated with the University at Buffalo.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Phoenix (FCI Phoenix) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Arizona. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security female offenders. FCI Phoenix is located approximately 25 miles north of downtown Phoenix but still within the city limits.
 The John A. Green Estate (also known as the Green-Nissen Estate) is a historic property in Stone City Iowa United States. The estate covers 200 acres (0.81 km2) of land. The buildings were constructed of Anamosa Limestone quarried from John Green's own local business. The estate was placed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Cally Palace formerly known as Cally House is an 18th-century country house in Dumfries and Galloway south-west Scotland. The house is now a four star country house hotel and golf resort. It is located 1.2 kilometres (0.75 mi) south of Gatehouse of Fleet.
 Majura Park Shopping Centre is a big-box type shopping centre developed by Canberra Airport as part of the Majura Park precinct. The shopping centre which opened in 2012 is part of a larger office and retail precinct on the airport's western boundary adjacent to Majura Road. At the time of opening the centre boasted Australia's largest Woolworths supermarket. The centre is also anchored by discount department store Big W and Toys R Us (including Babies R Us).
 The Virxe da Barca sanctuary is a church located in Muxía Spain. It was destroyed by a fire started by lightning on 25 December 2013.
 The Art Gallery of Algoma is an art museum located on the St. Marys River in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada. Featuring local national and international artists it holds a collection of over 4000 works of art.
 Chongqing Poly Tower is a skyscraper in Chongqing China.
 Christ Chapel (formerly St. Michael's Episcopal Church) is a historic chapel on Broadway at Campus Drive in Boise Idaho on the campus of Boise State University. It is one of the oldest church buildings in the state.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1866 as an Episcopal Church building. In addition to serving as a church the building was used as a school house for St. Margaret’s School which was founded in 1892. St.
 Ålhus Church (Norwegian: Ålhus kyrkje) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Ålhus on the northern shore of the lake Jølstravatnet. The church is part of the Ålhus parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
 The Dorint Hotel Tower is the best-known high-rise building in the German city of Augsburg and visible throughout the city. At 1072 m (158 m with the antenna) it is the highest building in the Augsburg area and among the ten highest in Bavaria. It is located at the intersection of Gögginger Straße and Imhofstraße in the borough of Göggingen. In its vicinity are the Congress Hall and Wittelsbacher Park.The building is architecturally similar to the Marina City towers in Chicago.
 The Daniel Waring House also known as Indian Hill is located on River Road (Orange County Route 29) just outside the village of Montgomery New York United States. It sits on a large parcel of land overlooking the Wallkill River at the junction of River Road and NY 17K just opposite the western approach to Ward's Bridge.It is believed that part of the house dates to the 18th century. Waring a later resident had the four-column temple-style Greek Revival front section built in the 1840s.
 Elton United Methodist Church is a historic church at 803 2nd Street in Elton Louisiana.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Building at 10 Follen Street is an historic house at 10 Follen Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story wood frame house was designed by Peabody and Stearns and built in 1875. It is a rare well-preserved example of the transition between Second Empire and Stick styles.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and was included in the Follen Street Historic District in 1986.
 The Adoba Hotel Dearborn is a major conference center hotel located in the Metro Detroit suburb of Dearborn Michigan at 600 Town Center Drive near the intersection of Michigan State Highway 39 and U.S. Route 12. The building constructed in 1976 as the Hyatt Regency Dearborn rises fourteen stories and contains 772 rooms.The high-rise hotel contains a conference center restaurants retail area and fitness center.
 Hershkind House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay-wide Swiss chalet–style dwelling with a steeply pitched roof. It features a three-sided bay with a four-sided conical roof with V shaped cutouts. It also has board-and-batten and clapboard siding pierced balcony railings and a stick style porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Orange Center Historic District in Orange Connecticut is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The district was originally established by the town January 13 1978. The Orange Congregational Church designed by David Hoadley and built in 1810 on the town green is a centerpiece of the district. This Federal style church features a Palladian window domed belfry and a painted black oval window on the front tower.
 Hope Dawn is a historic home located near Lynchburg Bedford County Virginia. It was built about 1827 and is a 1 1/2-story brickFederal style farmhouse. It consists of a three bay main block and one bay south wing. It has a standing seam metal gable roof.
 The Newington Junction Railroad Depot is located in Newington Connecticut. The depot was built in 1870 by the Boston Hartford and Erie Railroad on a railroad line originally owned by the Hartford Providence and Fishkill Railroad. Three years later it would become part of the New York and New England Railroad. The station was near a junction that served the former Hartford and New Haven Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1986.
 The William H. Berg House is a historic house located at the intersection of Mariposa and Davis Streets in Round Mountain Nevada United States. The house was built from 1914 to 1915 by William H. Berg. Berg built the house with concrete blocks a popular building material at the time due to their cheapness and durability. The house's root cellar which Berg built to store produce from his ranch was built with glass bottles embedded in concrete.
 Spalding Hall is a building on the National Register of Historic Places in Bardstown Kentucky USA. It was built in conjunction with the Basilica of Saint Joseph Proto-Cathedral. The building houses the Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey and the Bardstown Historical Museum.The hall was built in 1826 and named for Bishop Martin John Spalding. It was part of a Catholic college in the 19th century although it briefly served as a hospital during the American Civil War.
 Ambrose Chapel is a historic Methodist chapel located at Stotlers Crossroads Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1851 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular building with hewn log framing stone foundation and metal roof. Also on the property is a cemetery with over 100 burials dating from the mid-19th century to about 1920.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Castle of Alcoutim (Portuguese: Castelo de Alcoutim) is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Alcoutim in the municipality of the same name in the southeastern Algarve of Portugal. Built in the 13th century the castle stands in a dominant position on a hill south of the parish seat of Alcoutim on the right bank of the San Marcos River (tributary of the Guadiana River) opposite the territory of Sanlúcar de Guadiana (in Spain).
 The Ole Carlson House is a historic farmhouse in Dodge County Minnesota; located in Canisteo Township it is approximately 8 miles (13 km) from Kasson Minnesota. The private home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 16 1982. The structure was built by Ole Anderson Aasved a self-educated Norwegian farmer who found prosperity in the American Upper Midwest.
 The National Theater is a historic theater in Richmond Virginia. Part of a city block along the 700 block of Broad Street once known as Theatre Row it is the only surviving auditorium of the row (the others now exist in facade only).The National Theater was built in 1923 originally staging both live entertainment (such as vaudeville shows) as well as motion-pictures.
 Del Amo Fashion Center is a two-level regional shopping mall in Torrance California USA. It is currently managed and co-owned by Simon Property Group.With a current gross leasable area (GLA) of 2.2 million ft² it is one of the largest shopping malls in the United States.
 Santa Apollonia is a church in Pisa Italy.Once called San Pietro a Schia this church is known from documents from 1116 and a reconstruction in 1277. In 1777 the Pisan architect Mattia Tarocchi reconstructed the church in Baroque style. The interior houses the altar and stucco and mural decorations by Tarocchi and paintings by Aurelio Lomi Pandolfo Titi and the 19th-century painter Giuseppe Bacchini.
 The Old Live Oak City Hall (also known as the City of Live Oak Police and Fire Department) is a historic site in Live Oak Florida United States. It is located at 212 North Ohio Avenue between West Duval Street Northeast and Haines Street Northeast. On April 24 1986 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The old city hall is one block north of the Union Depot and Atlantic Coast Line Freight Station.
 Rashtrapati Nilayam (literally the President's House) originally known as Residency House is the official retreat of the President of India. where President stays for at least once a year and conducts official business. It is also used as a guest house for visiting dignitaries. It is located in Bolarum Secunderabad. It was thrown open for public viewing from 1 January 2010 to 10 January 2010 with entry being free.
 Horsham Friends Meeting is a Quaker meeting house located in Horsham Pennsylvania home to Horsham Monthly Meeting. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1991-06-21. In addition to serving as a place of worship the Quaker School at Horsham is located on the meeting's grounds.
 The Masonic Temple in Madison Wisconsin is a building from 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Oliver's Gift is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1947 by Oliver Duke. She measures 30'-7 long has a beam of 7'-3. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s. She is located at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Federal Medical Center Butner (FMC Butner) is a United States federal prison in North Carolina for male inmates of all security levels who have special health needs. It is part of the Butner Federal Correctional Complex and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male inmates.FMC Butner is located near the Research Triangle area of Durham Raleigh and Chapel Hill.
 The Tuileries Palace (French: Palais des Tuileries IPA: [palɛ de tɥilʁi]) was a royal and imperial palace in Paris which stood on the right bank of the River Seine. It was the usual Parisian residence of most French monarchs from Henry IV to Napoleon III until it was destroyed in the upheaval of the Paris Commune in 1871.Built in 1564 it was gradually extended until it closed off the western end of the Louvre courtyard and displayed an immense façade of 266 metres.
 Dutchtown was a mining community high in the Never Summer Mountains of what is now Rocky Mountain National Park. The ghost town lies just below the timberline and comprises the ruins of four cabins. The site was inhabited by squatters who were made unwelcome in Lulu City in the Kawuneeche Valley a couple of miles to the east.
 HM Prison Morwell River opened in 1951 was an open prison located near Morwell Victoria. Inmates and prison officers (normally bitter enemies crims and screws) called a truce while working on the project. Prisoners were taken to shopping centers in Morwell and left unattended at total liberty and on trust to rattle their tins. Civilian clothes (rather than the shapeless prison green tracksuits and Dunlop sneakers) were worn.
 Hauge Lutheran Church is a historic church in Kenyon Townshp Minnesota United States. It was built 1871–1888 by a Hauge Synod congregation one of the two primary Lutheran denominations behind Norwegian immigration into Goodhue County. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The House at 13 Sheffield Road in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well preserved Craftman/Bungalow style house. The 1.5 story house was built c. 1918 out of fieldstone with a stucco exterior. The roof has extended eaves with exposed purlins and a large cross-gable section on the right side. Strapwork on the walls give the house a Tudor Revival appearance.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Museum of Military History (German: Heeresgeschichtliches Museum) is a military history museum located in Vienna Austria. It claims to be the oldest and largest purpose-built military history museum in the world. Its collection includes one of the world's largest collections of bronze cannons and focuses on Austrian military history from the 16th century to 1945.The museum is located in Vienna's Arsenal in the Landstraße district not far from the Belvedere palace.
 Holly Hall is a historic home located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. Built by James Sewall ca. 1810-20 it is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal-style brick mansion built about 1810. The one-story brick north wing was added as a chapel in the 20th century. Also on the property ia a late-19th-century two-story wood tenant house and two concrete block buildings. A few holly trees remain of the many which gave this house its name. Its parapets are unique in Maryland.
 Commercialbank Plaza is a 20-storey office building on the North Shore of Doha Qatar built as a new head office by the Commercial Bank of Qatar. The building was opened on May 13 2009 by Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Qatar.The building is 148m high and provides 120000sqm of floor space. It is the ninth tallest building in Qatar.
 The Cluj-Napoca Tailors' Tower (Romanian: Bastionul Croitorilor din Cluj-Napoca Hungarian: Szabók bástyája) is located at the southeast corner of the old Cluj-Napoca citadel. It was built in the 15th century and rebuilt between 1627 and 1629 assuming its present form. It was named after the Tailors' Guild who took care of and guarded this part of the city.
 The Teshima Art Museum (豊島美術館 Teshima Bijitsukan) hosts a single piece of artwork and is located on the island of Teshima Kagawa Prefecture Japan in the Seto Inland Sea. It is operated by the Benesse Foundation. The architect is Ryue Nishizawa (co-founder of SANAA). The museum building is made of a freestanding concrete shell 40 by 60 meters and 4 meters at its highest point.The artwork is titled Matrix and was created by sculptor Rei Naito.
 The Shops at Riverside is a two-level enclosed upscale shopping mall located in Hackensack New Jersey United States off of Route 4 along the Hackensack River. The mall has a Gross leasable area (GLA) of 674416 sq ft (62655.3 m2).
 The Mahim Fort (Marathi: माहीम किल्ला) is a fort in Mahim in Mumbai Maharashtra state India. Strategically located in the Mahim Bay the fort overlooks Worli to the south Bandra to the north and Mahim to the east. The origins of the fort are unclear but it occupies a strategic location that has been frequently contested. The fort is currently in disrepair suffering from administrative neglect encroachment of slums and exposure to tidal erosion.
 The Georgia Avenue-Butler Avenue Historic District while located in Aiken South Carolina. The district overlooks the city of Augusta Georgia. The district was name to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The area though small (consists of only sixteen total properties) is significant in terms of offering perspectives on the development of Aiken.
 The Museum of Grenoble (French: Musée de Grenoble) is a municipal museum of Fine Arts and antiquities in the city of Grenoble in the Isère region of France.Located on the left bank of the Isère River place Lavalette it is known both for its collections of ancient art for its collections of modern and contemporary art.
 The US Post Office—Palmer Main is a historic post office building at Park and Central Streets in Palmer Massachusetts.The single story Neo-Classical building was built in 1931. It is a steel frame building with an exterior of brick and limestone. Its main entrance is centered on the long street-facing side of the building which is lined with columns. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Governor Joseph Johnson House also known as Oakdale is located on a half-acre lot that is bordered on the north by Johnson Avenue (named for the governor) on the west by Oakdale Avenue (named for the house) and on the south by Maple Street in the town of Bridgeport West Virginia. The house was constructed in 1818 for then Assemblyman Joseph Johnson.
 The Estonian Open Air Museum (Estonian: Eesti Vabaõhumuuseum) is a life-sized reconstruction of an 18th-century rural/fishing village which comes complete with church inn schoolhouse several mills a fire station twelve farmyards and net sheds. The site spans 79 hectares of land and contains 72 separate buildings and is located 8km to the west of Tallinn city center at Rocca al Mare.
 Pecos National Historical Park is a National Historical Park in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is located about 17 miles (27 km) east of Santa Fe New Mexico. The site was originally designated Pecos National Monument on June 28 1965. In 1990 new lands were added to the park and the official designation was changed to Pecos National Historical Park. It includes the Pecos Pueblo a National Historic Landmark.Pecos National Historical Park is composed of several noncontiguous units.
 The Arthur D. Little Inc. Building is a National Historic Landmark at 30 Memorial Drivein Cambridge Massachusetts. The building was constructed in 1917 for the Arthur D. Little Company alongside the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.The Arthur D. Little Company was founded in 1886 by Arthur Dehon Little and was originally located on Milk Street in Boston.
 The William and Ann Bringhurst House at 306 S 200 W in Springville Utah was built in 1856. It includes Greek Revival and Mid 19th Century Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was built of adobe in 1856. It was extended c.1895 and also in 1955.Some design work was by Solomon D. Chase.
 Lewis C. Cassidy School is a historic school building located in the Morris Park neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story nine bay by five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style.
 Court Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. The residential district includes 51 contributing buildings. The district generally consists of large scale Queen Anne or Colonial Revival style residences built in the early 20th century with some examples of mid-19th century Greek Revival and Italianate style residences.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences (or Museum of Natural Sciences) is a museum in the Belgian capital of Brussels dedicated to natural history. Its most important pieces are 30 fossilized Iguanodon skeletons which were discovered in 1878 in Bernissart. The dinosaur hall of the museum is the world's largest museum hall completely dedicated to dinosaurs.
 The Charles W. Noyes House is an historic single-family bungalow located at 271 Chestnut Street in the village of West Newton in Newton Massachusetts. Designed in the American Craftsman style of architecture by Boston-based architect Hubert G. Ripley of Ripley & Le Boutillier it was built in 1914. Charles W. Noyes the owner was a lawyer.On February 16 1990 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Greenacres Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Port Elizabeth South Africa. It was opened on 22 October 1981 and is Port Elizabeth's largest shopping mall. It attracts more than a million shoppers a month.
 The DeCordova Sculpture Park and Museum is a sculpture park and art museum in Lincoln Massachusetts focused on modern and contemporary art and holds a collection focused on work in all media especially works by artists with connections to New England. The photography collection is particularly strong and the exhibitions program emphasizes sculpture.
 Gandhi Market (Tamil: காந்தி மார்க்கெட்) officially called as Mahatma Gandhi Market is a wholesale farmers' market in the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu India.
 Church of the Nativity of the Virgin Mary (Croatian: Hram rođenja presvete Bogorodice Serbian Cyrillic: Храм рођења пресвете Богородице) in Gaboš is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. Restoration of church in Gaboš were funded by The Ministry of Religion from Serbia Ministry of culture from Croatia and donations.
 The Jacob Hanmer White House at 599 E. One Hundred S in Pleasant Grove Utah United States was built in 1874. It is built of soft rock. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Oak Lane Historic District is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The historic district is a residential area that stretches along Oak Lane between High Street on the north and Locust Street on the south.
 The Hotel Jefferson is a historic hotel in downtown St. Louis in the U.S. state of Missouri. The hotel opened to serve visitors to the 1904 World's Fair and was named in honor of Thomas Jefferson.The original east half of the building was built in 1904 designed by Barnett Haynes & Barnett; the Classical Revival structure features terra cotta decorations. The Democratic National Convention was held at the hotel in 1904 and 1916.
 Donegal County Museum (Irish: Músaem Chontae Dhún na nGall) is a county museum officially recognised by the Government of Ireland as the best in the country. Located on High Road in Letterkenny the building opened to the public in 1845 as the Warden's House of the Letterkenny Workhouse during the Famine. Its purpose is to collect record preserve and display the material evidence and associated information of the history of Donegal.
 Franklintown Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is the result of a plan developed in 1832 by William H. Freeman (1790-1863) a local politician and entrepreneur. His plan evolved gradually over the course of several decades and owes its success to his untiring promotion of the village. The central feature is an oval plan with radiating lots around a central wooded park.
 Emanuel Baptist Church of Oradea is a Baptist church located in Oradea Romania. Completed in 1993 it is the largest Baptist church in Romania and the second-largest in Europe.
 Villa Isola (now Bumi Siliwangi) is an art-deco building in the northern part of Bandung the capital of West Java province of Indonesia. Overlooking the valley with the view of the city Villa Isola was completed in 1933 by the Dutch architect Wolff Schoemaker for the Dutch media tycoon Dominique Willem Berretty the founder of the Aneta press-agency in the Dutch East Indies.
 The Charles Haskell House is a historic house at 27 Sargent Street in Newton Massachusetts. This 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1879 and is one of Newton's finest high-style Gothic Revival houses. It is extensively decorated with gingerbread trim including the repetition of steeply pitched points in the gables and between the porch balusters.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Osteria Francescana is a restaurant owned and run by chef Massimo Bottura in Modena Italy. The restaurant was voted fourth best in the world in the World's 50 Best Restaurants by Restaurant magazine in 2011 third best in 2013 and 2014. The first two positions in 2014 were bagged by Noma and El Celler De Can Roca respectively.
 Chateau Bleu Motel is located in North Wildwood Cape May County New Jersey United States in an area now known as the Wildwoods Shore Resort Historic District. The building was built in 1962 in the distinctive Googie or Doo Wop architectural style. Googie details include the heart shaped swimming pool and the spikes (one of which is broken) at the entrance. The motel added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 25 2004.
 The 'Church of All Saints in Nynehead Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church is a small structure built of mostly of local red Permo-Triassic rock probably on the site of an earlier church. In 1091 the manor and church were granted to Montacute Priory.The two-stage square tower was built in the late 14th century and contains six bells the oldest of which was cast around 1500.
 St. Paul's Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church off SC 9 in Little Rock Dillon County South Carolina. It was built about 1871 and is constructed of heart pine weatherboarding in a transitional Italianate Victorian vernacular style. A bell tower with octagonal steeple dominates the exterior of the church. Surrounding the church is the cemetery where many early church members are buried.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Middlebush Reformed Church known as the church with the red doors is located at 1 South Middlebush Road at the corner of Amwell Road. It is the fourth oldest church in Franklin Township Somerset County New Jersey United States. It was organized in 1834 and the New York Times noted their first church was built in Colonial times and was one of the landmarks of the region.
 Skånelaholm Castle (Swedish: Skånelaholm slott) is a castle in Sigtuna Municipality Stockholm County Sweden.
 The Grant Boyhood Home in Georgetown Ohio was where Ulysses S. Grant lived from 1823 until 1839 when he left for the United States Military Academy at West Point.
 Muncy Historic District is a national historic district located at Muncy Lycoming County Pennsylvania. The district includes 298 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential area of Muncy. The buildings date as early as 1798 and are representative of Victorian Georgian and Federal style architecture. Notable buildings include the St.
 Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and Residence Tower Chicago is a canceled hotel and condominium skyscraper that would have been 1265 feet (386 m) tall. The Prime Group was in charge of the project which was purposed at a cost of $610 million. The building would have been located one block from the Chicago River and north of the Sheraton Chicago in the Streeterville neighborhood of the Near North Side community area of Chicago.
 The White Dacha (Russian: белая дача; Ukrainian: біла дача) is the house that Anton Chekhov had built in Yalta and in which he wrote some of his greatest work. It is now a museum.
 The Silversmith Hotel & Suites is a boutique hotel located in downtown Chicago Illinois USA. Managed by Remington Hotels Inc. the hotel occupies the historic Silversmith Building. In the late 1890s the Arts and Crafts Movement began to replace Romanesque Revival architecture. In 1896 Peter J. Weber of the architectural firm of D.H. Burnham and Company designed the Silversmith to reflect this transition. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Crouse College also known as Crouse Memorial College and historically as John Crouse Memorial College for Women is a building on the Syracuse University campus. It was funded by John R. Crouse an enormously wealthy Syracuse banker. The architect Archimedes Russell was charged with coming up with a spectacular building and used the Romanesque revival—Richardsonian Romanesque style.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The James Greer McQuilkin Round Barn is located near Eagle Center in rural Benton County Iowa. It was built in 1918 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18.29m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a hay dormer on the north side. The structure does not have a cupola but has a silo that rises from the center. A new metal roof was added in 1998.
 The William Sidney Mount House is a wood sided and wood shingled house built in 1725 located in Stony Brook on Long Island New York. The American genre painter William Sidney Mount 1807–1868 lived there and had his studio in the 3rd floor attic which benefited from unusual skylights through the roof.
 The Hydraulic engine house is part of the Underfall Yard in Bristol Harbour in Bristol England.The octagonal brick and terracotta chimney of the engine house dates from 1888 and is grade II* listed as is the hydraulic engine house itself. It replaced the original pumping house which is now The Pump House public house. It is built of red brick with a slate roof and originally contained two steam engines.
 The Brackett House is a historic house at 276 Summer Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. The 1.5 story house was built in 1920 and is Reading's best example of Bungalow style architecture. Its most prominent feature is its porch which wraps around three sides of the house. It is supported by heavy stucco columns with exposed rafter ends.
 Armstrong Chapel United Methodist Church is a historic church in the city of Indian Hill Ohio United States. Built in 1831 it is a small rectangular building with a prominent front tower. No longer the home of a functioning congregation it has been designated a historic site.Nathanial and Hannah Armstrong formerly residents of Virginia arrived in southwestern Ohio in 1800; they soon built a log cabin and gristmill on their land and began farming.
 Steve Biko Hospital (Formerly the Pretoria Academic Hospital and before 1994 called H F Verwoerd Hospital) of Pretoria South Africa previously located at what is now Tshwane District Hospital is a purely tertiary training healthcare institution. It is the main teaching hospital of the University of Pretoria along with Kalafong Hospital in Atteridgeville to west of the city centre.
 The J.C. Palumbo Fruit Company Packing Warehouse Building is a historic packing house in Payette Idaho that was built in 1928. It was designed by architects Tourtellotte & Hummel.The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Zumberge Hall of Science commonly known simply as ZHS is one of the original buildings of the University of Southern California's University Park Campus completed in 1928 as well as one of the largest.
 Johnston Building is a historic wholesale building located at Baltimore Maryland United States designed by Jackson C. Gott. It is a five-story loft building constructed in 1880. The cast iron façade reflects the influence of the Queen Anne style. It has housed wholesale companies dealing in tobacco hats shoes clothing and home and office furnishings including Samuel Hecht Jr. & Sons.Johnston Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Wheelock Academy was the model academy for the five civilized tribes' academies. It was started as a missionary school for Choctaw girls and is still owned by the Choctaw nation.In 1832 the Academy was initiated by Alfred Wright a physician and missionary who co-founded the nearby Wheelock Church. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Peterborough Cathedral properly the Cathedral Church of St Peter St Paul and St Andrew – also known as Saint Peter's Cathedral in the United Kingdom – is the seat of the Bishop of Peterborough dedicated to Saint Peter Saint Paul and Saint Andrew whose statues look down from the three high gables of the famous West Front. Founded in the Anglo-Saxon period the architecture is mainly Norman following a rebuilding in the 12th century.
 The Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum is a museum collection of aircraft and aviation-related artefacts located near the former RAF Bungay airfield on the outskirts of Flixton in the United Kingdom.
 The Washington County Courthouse is located at 205 Putnam Street in Marietta Ohio. The courthouse is constructed of rusticated stone blocks for the foundation with smooth blocks rising to the roofline. The courthouse is the third for the county. The courthouse was designed and constructed by Samuel Hannaford & Sons the same architects on the Monroe County Courthouse. The courthouse is included in the Marietta Historic District which was added to the National Register on 1974-12-19.
 The Chiesa del Santissimo Redentore (English: Church of the Most Holy Redeemer) commonly known as Il Redentore is a 16th-century Roman Catholic church located in the Dorsoduro sestiere of the Italian city of Venice. It was designed by the architect Andrea Palladio and built as a votive church to thank God for the deliverance of the city from a major outbreak of the plague. Located on the waterfront of the Canale della Giudecca it dominates the skyline of the island of Giudecca.
 Stony Farm is a historic farmstead at 428 Salisbury Street in Holden Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1790 and is a well-preserved local example of Federal architecture. It has a plain cornice and its front entry is flanked by sidelight windows and topped by an entablature. There is a 19th century addition projecting from the rear of the house.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Genex Tower (Serbian: Кула Генекс Kula Geneks) or Western City Gate (Serbian: Западна Капија Београда Zapadna Kapija Beograda) is a 35-storey skyscraper in Belgrade Serbia which was designed in 1977 by Mihajlo Mitrović in the brutalist style. It is formed by two towers connected with a two-storey bridge and revolving restaurant at the top. It is 115 metres tall (with restaurant 135–140 metres) and is the second-tallest high-rise in Belgrade after Ušće Tower.
 Fort Clark was a frontier fort located just off U.S. Route 90 near Bracketville in the county of Kinney in the U.S. state of Texas. It later became the headquarters for the 2nd Cavalry Division. The Fort Clark Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kinney County Texas on December 6 1979. The Commanding Officer's Quarters at Fort Clark was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1988.
 The parish church of St Michael the Archangel in Dundry Somerset England has a tower which was built in 1484 with the rest dated 1861. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The four-stage tower is a prominent feature in its hill-top position with its tower visible for many miles around.
 Brickell on the River is a complex of residential towers in Downtown Miami Florida United States. The complex consists of a 42-story North Tower which was completed in 2005 a 46-story South Tower built in 2007 and a central plaza between both towers containing a restaurant riverfront promenade and complex amenities. The North Tower took 31 months to build as construction began in December 2003 and was completed in July 2006.
 The Bank of America Building also called Oakland Bank Building and Oakland Bank of Savings is a 69 m (226 ft) high-rise located in downtown Oakland California. The building was originally constructed with nine floors and the 18-story tower was annexed later. It was built as a headquarters for the Oakland Bank which was acquired by Bank of America in 1929.
 Green Pastures is a historic home and farm complex and national historic district located near Middleburg Fauquier County Virginia. The district encompasses 13 contributing buildings built between 1931 and 1947. The include a Colonial Revival style manor house inspired by Mount Vernon a smokehouse stable hostlers' quarters farmer's cottage garage and cow shed chicken house and cow barn designed by New York architect Penrose V.
 Winn Farm is a historic farmhouse at 57 Summer Street in Arlington Massachusetts USA. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1820 and is the only surviving farmhouse in northwestern Arlington from that period. It is a typical Federal style five bay house standing in a part of the town that was not developed until the 20th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Princeton Historic District is a 225-acre (91 ha) historic district located in Princeton New Jersey that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.There are four historic districts located within the Princeton Township.
 Carbon Plaza Mall is a shopping mall on the south side of Route 443 in Mahoning Township Carbon County Pennsylvania United States just outside of Lehighton. It is anchored by a Giant Supermarket and a Big Lots location and has an eight-screen theatre. Other major stores include Payless ShoeSource Rent-A-Center and Rite Aid. There are several fast food outlets in the parking lot.Carbon Dack Associates has owned the mall since purchasing it in January 1998.
 The Atherton Bridge is a historic iron truss bridge on Bolton Road in Lancaster Massachusetts spanning the South Branch of the Nashua River. It is a rare example of a hybrid pony truss that is similar to the 19th century truss design of Simeon S. Post. It was built by J.H. Cofrode & Co. of Philadelphia in 1870. It was the first iron bridge to be constructed in the town.It was closed to vehicular traffic in 1975 and replaced by a modern highway bridge in the 1980s.
 Museum Taman Prasasti (Indonesian for Museum of Memorial Stone Park or Inscription Museum) is a museum located in Jakarta Indonesia. The museum was formerly a cemetery built by the Dutch colonial government in 1795 as a final resting place for noble Dutchmen.
 Bethesda Hospital is an 86-year-old multi-speciality hospital situated in Ambur in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It serves the taluk and the adjoining areas of Ambur.
 Chandler-Bigsby-Abbot House (1673) is a historic house at 88 Lowell Street in Andover Massachusetts and is the oldest surviving house in Andover.The house was built before 1673 by Captain Thomas Chandler a blacksmith who was one of the original proprietors of Andover as part of his sixty acre farm. The house was inherited by his daughter Hannah Bigsby upon Chandler's death. The farm house was later remodeled in a Georgian style.
 The Fairmont Château Laurier is a 660000-square-foot hotel with 429 guest rooms in downtown Ottawa Ontario located near the intersection of Rideau Street and Sussex Drive and designed in the French Gothic Châteauesque style to complement the adjacent Parliament buildings. The hotel is above the Rideau Canal locks and overlooks the Ottawa River. The main dining room (now the Laurier Room) overlooks Major’s Hill Park.
 King Hussein Medical Center (Arabic مدينة الحسين الطبية) is a medical compound of five hospitals situated in Amman Jordan.
 Paseo San Pedro is a small high-fashion shopping mall in Monterrey Mexico located in San Pedro Garza García in the intersection of Avenida Gómez Morín Avenida José Vasconcelos and Calzada del Valle in front of Los Tubos. The mall takes its name from the municipality it resides in.
 Daniel Morgan House also known as the George Flowerdew Norton House Boyd House and Sherrard House is a historic home located at Winchester Virginia. It is a 2 1/2-story seven bay 17 room Late Georgian style brick dwelling. It has a side-gable roof and paired double interior chimneys. The oldest section was built about 1786 for George Flowerdew Norton and the western stuccoed brick wing was built for Daniel Morgan (1736-1802) about 1800.
 The Forum Shops at Caesars (also known as simply The Forum) is a 636000-square-foot (59100 m2) shopping mall connected to Caesars Palace on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas Nevada. The mall was built as an extension wing of the main hotel and casino in 1992 and expanded further in 2004 to front Las Vegas Boulevard on the Strip.
 Physical Education Building/La Crosse State Normal School was the original physical education building at the La Crosse Normal School now the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse in La Crosse Wisconsin. The building was constructed in 1916 and was named Wittich Hall after one of the school's physical education professors Walter J. Wittich.It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff.
 The Currier House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Kimball Farmer House is a historic house at 1173 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. This two story wood frame house was built in 1826 by Kimball Farmer a farmer. The chimneys of this Federal style house are placed at the rear a local variant and its front entry is framed by sidelight windows topped with Gothic-style lancet tracing in the entablature.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Antigo Depot is a historic railroad station in Antigo Wisconsin. The depot was designed in 1907 by Charles Sumner Frost in the Classical Revival style for the Chicago and North Western Railway. After rail service to the station ended it was converted to apartments in 1992. The depot was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 1992.
 Plata Bridge also known as Bridge #374 is a Parker truss bridge from 1908 near the city of Naranjito Puerto Rico. It spans the Rio La Plata into Bayamon and Naranjito municipalities.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Negaunee Fire Station is a fire station located at 200 South Pioneer Avenue in Negaunee Michigan. It is also known as the Negaunee Hose House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The structure is still used as the headquarters of Negaunee's Volunteer Fire Department.
 The Bremond Block Historic District is a collection of eleven historic homes in downtown Austin Texas United States constructed from the 1850s to 1910.The block was added to National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and is considered one of the few remaining upper-class Victorian neighborhoods of the middle to late nineteenth century in Texas.
 The Lorraine Park Cemetery Gate Lodge is a historic gatehouse located near Woodlawn Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style stone-and-frame building designed by Baltimore architect Henry F. Brauns that was constructed in 1884. Adjacent to the house are the ornate cast-iron and wrought-iron Lorraine Cemetery gates.The Lorraine Park Cemetery Gate Lodge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Walsall Leather Museum is located in Walsall in the West Midlands in England and was opened in 1988 on the site of a Victorian leather factory renovated by Walsall Council. It tells the story of the Walsall leather trades and in particular the rise of Walsall from an obscure Midlands town into an international saddle-making centre.
 Saint John the Baptist Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Հովհաննէս Մկրտիչ Եկեղեցի Surp Hovhannes Mkrtich) is an active church in the old area of Kond Yerevan Armenia. First it was built on the height of Kond district in 1710 in the place of a medieval church ruined as the result of a destructive earthquake. It was built by a rich man Melik Aghamal living in Yerevan. Like the other medieval churches this is a three-nave basilic church.
 The House at 11 Wave Avenue in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well-preserved Queen Anne/Stick style house built between 1875 and 1888. The 2.5 story wood frame house has Stick style decoration in its gable ends with Queen Anne window hoods and bands of wavy cut shingles on the second floor.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Abraham Hill Houseis an historic First Period house at 388 Pleasant Street in Belmont Massachusetts United States. It is the oldest house in Belmont. Its construction date is claimed by local historians to be 1693 but architectural analysis places its construction later c. 1725-50. It was enlarged significantly in the 1790s by Abraham Hill's son James who was born in the house.
 Liberty Place is a skyscraper complex in Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. The complex is composed of a 61-story 945-foot (288 m) skyscraper called One Liberty Place a 58-story 848-foot (258 m) skyscraper called Two Liberty Place a two-story shopping mall called the Shops at Liberty Place and the 14-story Westin Philadelphia Hotel.
 The Tenth Ward Square is a 1.7-acre (0.69 ha) historic district in Salt Lake City Utah that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It includes Late Gothic Revival Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture in four contributing buildings.It includes an 1873 one-room Mormon meeting house a c.1880 store with included residence an 1887 school and a 1909 chapel. The store appears to be one of the first works of architect Richard K. A. Kletting.
 The U.S. Post Office-Lovelock Main at 390 Main St. in Lovelock Nevada was built in 1938.
 Ocean One is a skyscraper proposed for construction at Jomtien Beach close to Pattaya Thailand. The planned structure will be 367 metres (1204 ft) tall with 91 floors and 587 rooms. The proposed building site is 250 metres from one of Asia's most popular beaches. When completed Ocean One will be the tallest building in Thailand. It is planned mainly for residential use but will also have a conference centre.
 Troxell-Steckel House is a historic home located at Egypt Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1756 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone dwelling with a high-pitched gable roof in the Pennsylvania-German style. It measures 48 feet long and 35 feet wide. Also on the property is a contributing stone spring house and late-19th century barn.
 Hay Street United Methodist Church in Fayetteville North Carolina USA is a congregation of the United Methodist Church. It was the first Methodist church constructed in the city and it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was received into the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1808 by Bishop Francis Asbury and it was completed on June 23 1835. The current structure was built in 1908 one hundred years after the official organization of the church.
 The Union School at 174 Center St. in West Haven Connecticut was built in 1890. It was designed by architect Leoni W. Robinson. It has also become known as Union School Senior Housing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Lawyers Hill Historic District is a national historic district located at Elkridge Howard County Maryland. The district encompasses a broad array of architectural styles ranging from 1738 Georgian Colonial to 1941 Georgian Revival. The collection of Victorian domestic architecture built during the 1840s to 1880s is unparalleled in the county with no two houses the same. Some of the later cottages were designed by Philadelphia architect Brognard Okie.
 WelcomHeritage Sheikhpura Kothi is a hotel in Hansi city of Haryana India. It was ranked as the 2nd best hotel in Hisar by TripAdvisor in 2012.
 One Museum Park West is the companion structure to One Museum Park in the Near South Side community area (neighborhood) in Chicago Illinois USA. It is located at the north end of the Central Station development.
 The William H. Grant House also known as Sheltering Arms Hospital is a historic house located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1857 and is a large three-story brick townhouse in the Italianate style. It features a small richly ornamented arched front porch supported by coupled square columns. In 1892 the house was acquired by the Sheltering Arms Hospital who occupied it until 1965.
 The Lions House on West Quay in Bridgwater Somerset England was built around 1725 and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.It was built between 1720 and 1730 in a Baroque style by Benjamin Holloway as his house and was later occupied by several Mayors of Bridgwater. Holloway was employed by the Duke of Chandos to build and possibly design the houses in nearby Castle Street.It is built of Flemish-bond brick of alternate red and yellow.
 Woodlawn also known as Woodlawn Plantation is a historic home and farm complex located near Vernon Hill Pittsylvania County Virginia. It was built about 1815 and is a relatively small but unusual two-part manor house. It consists of two 1 1/2-story main blocks connected by a hyphen that are nearly identical in size shape and materials. The house is of heavy timber frame construction sheathed in weatherboard. The interior features Federal style decorative details.
 The Inez Johnson Lewis School also known as Lewis-Palmer School District #38 Administration Building is a building in Monument Colorado. It was built in 1920 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Tokyo Diner is a three-floor Japanese restaurant on the corner of Newport Place and Lisle Street in the Chinatown area of the West End of London. The company was formed in January 1990 and the restaurant opened to the public in December 1992.
 Butterly House also known as Monger's Cottage is located at 1A-D Harper Road Toodyay Western Australia. The building was the location of the first bank in Toodyay.
 The Korea University Medical Center (KUMC) is a collection of several hospitals as well as the College of Medicine and College of Nursing associated with Korea University in Seoul South Korea
 The Fort Fairfield Public Library is an historic public library building located on Main Street in Fort Fairfield Maine USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Princess Theatre located at 29-33 Market Street Fremantle was built in 1912. It closed in 1969 and is now used for offices and retail businesses.
 Old Fort Pierce Park is the site of Fort Pierce a military installation constructed by the U.S. Army in Florida with the purpose of being a main supply depot for the army during the Second Seminole War. The modern town of Fort Pierce derives its name from this installation.Fort Pierce named for its first commander Benjamin Pierce was built in 1838 and abandoned in 1842 at the end of the Second Seminole War burning down the following year.Today the site is a park along the Indian River.
 The Columbus County Courthouse (constructed 1914-1915) in Whiteville North Carolina is a National Register of Historic Places listed building. It was designed by Joseph F. Leitner's firm.
 Maj. David Graham House also known as Cedar Run Farm is a historic home located at Fosters Falls Wythe County Virginia. The house was built in four sections beginning about 1840 and finishing about 1890. As such its design details reflect styles from late Federal to orientalized Queen Anne. The house is a 2 1/2-story T-shaped wood and brick structure of immense proportions. It is topped by a hipped roof with dormers and features a short hipped roofed tower.
 Borstal Institution & Juvenile Jail Faisalabad is a newly constructed Borstal Institution in Faisalabad Pakistan. It operates in accordance with provisions of Juvenile Justice System Ordinance 2000 and Punjab Juvenile Justice System Rules 2002.
 Top of the Stairs (popularly known as TOTS and for a period of time in the mid-1980s and early 1990s was called The Balcony) is a bar and restaurant in Blacksburg Virginia near the Virginia Tech campus.
 Mariyinsky Palace (Ukrainian: Маріїнський палац Mariyins'kyi palats) is the official ceremonial residence of the President of Ukraine in Kiev and adjoins the neo-classical building of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament) of Ukraine. It is a Baroque palace on the hilly bank of the Dnieper River.The palace was ordered to be constructed in 1744 by the Russian Empress Elizaveta Petrovna and was designed by Bartolomeo Rastrelli the most famous architect working in the Russian Empire at that time.
 The Putnam Hill Historic District in Greenwich Connecticut is a 36-acre (15 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.In 1979 it included 21 contributing buildings three contributing sites and two other contributing structures.Selected significant buildings in the district include:Second Congregational Church 1856 designed by architect Leopold Eidlitz with a 220 foot spire (see accompanying photo #1Solomon Meade House 1858 an Italianate house (photo #2)Dr. 
 Volcano House is the name of a series of historic hotels built at the edge of the Kīlauea volcano within the grounds of Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park on the Island of Hawai'i. The original 1877 building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and now houses the Volcano Art Center. The hotel in use today was built in 1941 and expanded in 1961.
 Carn Brea Castle on Carn Brea is a 14th-century grade II listed granite stone building which was extensively remodelled in the 18th century as a hunting lodge in the style of a castle for the Basset family. The building is in private use as a restaurant.
 Kenny & Zuke's Delicatessen is a Jewish delicatessen in Portland Oregon.
 John Gehman Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Hereford Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has seven contributing buildings. They are the 2 1/2-story stone and log Swiss bank house (c. 1767); stone Pennsylvania bank barn (1806); 2 1/2-story vernacular stone farmhouse (c. 1810) stable wagon shed and privy. The Gehman family owned the farm from about 1767 to 1945.
 The Ventura County Courthouse also known as Ventura City Hall was designed in 1910 by one of the early pioneers of architecture in Southern California: Albert C. Martin Sr. Noted for its gleaming terra cotta exterior friars heads and copper sheathed dome his grand neoclassical design created one of the most beautiful civic structures in California. Located in downtown Ventura the building became the Ventura City Hall in 1972.
 The Presbyterian Iglesia Nicea at 401 S. DeLeon in Victoria Texas was built in 1910. It was designed by architect Jules Leffland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The William L. Thaxton Jr. House is a large single-story Usonian house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1954 and built in Houston Texas in 1955. The Thaxton House is Wright's only residential project in Houston.
 St. Jude's Church is a place of worship of the Free Presbyterian Church of Scotland in Glasgow Scotland. The church is on Woodlands Road to the west of the city centre. The church building was designed by John Burnet and was completed in 1875. It is now protected as a category B listed building.
 St. Stephen's Anglican Church is an Anglican Church of Canada parish in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 Renishaw Hall is a country house in Renishaw in the parish of Eckington in Derbyshire England. It is a Grade I listed building and has been the home of the Sitwell family for over 350 years. The hall is located south-east of Sheffield and north of Renishaw village which is north-east of Chesterfield.
 HM Prison Doncaster is a Category B men's private prison located in the Marshgate area of Doncaster in South Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by the Serco Group.
 The Robert T. Matsui United States Courthouse is home to the Sacramento Division of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California. It is located at 500 I Street Sacramento CA. The building is named for the late congressman Bob Matsui.
 Nathan Harvey House is a historic home located at Mill Hall in Clinton County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1804 and is a two-story rectangular stone dwelling seven bays wide. It has gable roof and has Georgian style design characteristics. It features a full-width front porch. It was built by Mill Hall's first settler and founding father Nathan Harvey.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Carlton in Lindrick is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Carlton in Lindrick.
 Holly Knoll also known as Robert R. Moton House is a retirement home in Gloucester County Virginia. It was the retirement home of educator Robert Russa Moton.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1981.It is located off Rural Route 662 in Gloucester County.
 The Reformed Dutch Church of Claverack is located on New York State Route 9H at the north end of the hamlet of Claverack New York United States. It is a brick church built in the mid-18th century and renovated and expanded twice in the 19th reaching its present form in 1879. The congregation was founded in 1716.It is the oldest institutional building in Columbia County. In 2001 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with several of its other buildings and cemetery.
 The Beth Israel Synagogue is a synagogue in Peterborough Ontario Canada.
 Merseyway Shopping Centre is a large Shopping Centre in Stockport England forming the basis of the town's shopping area. It was opened in 1965 and extensively refurbished in 1995. It consists mainly of a large pedestrianised street where at one point there are two levels of walkways for shoppers and there is access to both the first and ground floor of many shops.
 The Monastery of Dumio (sometimes Dumium or Dumio in Portuguese São Martinho de Dume) is a former paleo-Christian monastery in the civil parish of Dume municipality of Braga in northwestern Portugal. Originally a Roman villa it was the base of a basilica by Suebi tribes and later Christian monastery headed by Martin of Braga in the 6th century (c. 550–560). The re-discovery of the Roman ruins in the late 20th century resulted in archaeological excavations that unearthen its former use.
 Shatin Baptist Church (Chinese: 沙田浸信會) is a church located in Shatin in Hong Kong's New Territories. It is the denomination of The Baptist Convention of Hong Kong.Shatin Baptist Church runs a few activities such as L.O.S.T Children Christendom and hosts the 80th division of the Boys' Brigade.The Church organisation has campuses in Jordan Lek Yuen Fo Tan and Ma On Shan.
 The Chapel of Saint Paul (Arabic: كنيسة القديس بولس‎) is a modern stone chapel in Damascus that incorporates materials from the Bab Kisan the ancient city gate through which Paul was lowered out of a window in Acts 9:25.
 Shouldice Hernia Centre is a hospital in Thornhill Ontario Canada that is known for its specialization in external abdominal hernia operations. Shouldice uses a natural tissue tension free technique developed during World War II by Dr. Edward Earle Shouldice. Their ten full-time surgeons perform over 7500 hemiorrhapies each year.
 First Unitarian Society of Madison (FUS) is a Unitarian Universalist congregation in Shorewood Hills a suburb of Madison Wisconsin. Its meeting house was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built by Marshall Erdman and it is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. With over 2000 adults and children it is one of the largest Unitarian Universalist congregations in the United States.
 Long-A-Coming Depot also known as the Berlin Railroad Station is located in Berlin Camden County New Jersey United States between Taunton and Washington Avenues abutting the New Jersey Transit Atlantic City Line tracks (Gamblers' Express). The station was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 14 1997. The station is the oldest existing station in New Jersey.
 Bethesda Presbyterian Church Session House and Cemetery is a historic church session house and cemetery in Houstonville North Carolina.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Hyrst (or Hirst) Priory was a priory just south of the town of Crowle in the Isle of Axholme Lincolnshire England.The cell of Hyrst was built on land granted by Nigel d'Albini to the prior and convent of Saint Oswalds Nostell probably early in the twelfth century. Roger de Mowbray confirmed the gifts of his father. It seems likely that there never was more than one canon living there taking charge of the lands.
 The Anna Wintour Costume Center is a wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art that opened in 2014 and houses the collection of the Costume Institute. The center is named after Anna Wintour editor-in-chief of Vogue and an important benefactor of the museum's annual Met Gala. It was endowed by Lizzie and Jonathan Tisch. The center will be formally opened by the First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama on May 5 2014.
 The Geraldine Lucas-Fabian Place Historic District in Jackson Hole Wyoming is significant as the 1913 home of Geraldine Lucas a single woman pioneer in a harsh environment. It later became the home of Harold Fabian vice president of the Snake River Land Company which assembled much of the land that became Jackson Hole National Monument for John D.
 Wenvoe Castle was a castle and country estate between Barry and Wenvoe in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. Today the former estate forms the Wenvoe Castle Golf Club. Goldsland lies on its western boundary.
 The Marshfield Elks Temple also known as B.P.O.E. Lodge No.1160 is a Georgian building in Coos Bay Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Heslar Naval Armory (formerly Indianapolis Naval Reserve Armory) was constructed in 1936 in Indianapolis Indiana USA on the shore of White River as a Works Progress Administration construction project. It was designed by architect Ben H. Bacon and reflects an Art Moderne style.
 The Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka (グランドプリンスホテル赤坂 Gurando Purinsu Hoteru Akasaka) was an upscale hotel in Chiyoda Tokyo Japan. It was located across the moat from Akasaka-mitsuke Station and next to the back of the Hotel New Otani in Kioicho. It was well known for its distinctive saw-toothed facade of aluminum and glass. Following closure it became notable for being deconstructed in a top-down approach the building appearing to shrink in height over time.
 St. Albert Grain Elevator Park is an open-air museum which features two historic grain elevators and a reconstructed railway station.The two elevators are a 1906 Alberta Grain Co. Elevator and a 1929 Alberta Wheat Pool Elevator both which were designated as Provincial Historic Resources in January 2007. The park also features the St. Albert Railway Station and Visitor Centre a replica of the former 1920s St. Albert Canadian Pacific Railway railway station built in 2005.
 Residences of College Park is a skyscraper complex in Toronto Ontario Canada. The north and south towers were completed in 2006 and 2008 respectively and stand 155 and 140 m (509 and 459 ft) on Bay Street just south of College Street near the historic College Park department store. A third phase of the development known as Aura is under construction on the Yonge Street side of the site. This larger tower will be the tallest condominium in Canada when completed.
 The Maidu Museum & Historic Site is an Interpretive Center museum dedicated to public education about the Maidu peoples.The museum sits at an ancient site where Nisenan Maidu families lived for 3000 years. Hundreds of bedrock mortar holes petroglyphs on sandstone boulders rock art and a vast midden area are evidence of thousands of years of residence. The site has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973.The site is unique in the presentation of Maidu life.
 The Mercantile Continental Building is located at 1810 Commerce Street in downtown Dallas Texas (USA). It is a contributing structure at the edge of the Government District and adjacent to Main Street Garden Park. The building was built and owned by Mercantile National Bank and connected to their complex by an underground walkway.
 Yegen House and Pioneer Grocery in Bismarck North Dakota is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1874. The owner John Yegen was an immigrant from Switzerland. The listing in 1977 included three contributing buildings.
 The Church of the Assumption is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 427 West 49th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1858.
 Daviess County Courthouse in Gallatin Missouri was built in 1908. It was designed by P.H. Weathers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Michael's Church also known as St. Michael's Chapel and Hannah More Chapel is a historic Episcopal Church located at Academy Lane and Reisterstown Road in Reisterstown Baltimore County Maryland. It is a small Carpenter Gothic-style board and batten frame structure. It features a simple bell-gable. It was designed by New York architect John Weller Priest (1825-1859) and constructed about 1853. It was named after Hannah More.
 The Ivory McKusick House is a house in Stillwater Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The McKusick family was involved in the lumber business during Minnesota's territorial years and in the early era of statehood. John McKusick arrived from Illinois in 1840 and settled in Stillwater eventually establishing the town's first sawmill.
 The Anderson County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located at 1 Public Square in Palestine Anderson County Texas. The Beaux-Arts style building was built atop the highest hill in Palestine. Austin architects Charles Henry Page and Louis Charles Page designed the structure. It was built in 1913 and 1914 and dedicated on December 20 1914 at a cost of approximately $250000.
 The Royal Hospital for Neuro-disability in Putney South West London is an independent medical charity that provides rehabilitation and long term care to people with complex neurological disabilities caused by damage to the brain or other parts of the nervous system. This damage is often caused by traffic accidents and progressive neurological conditions such as Huntington's Disease and Multiple Sclerosis. It is one of the 200 largest UK charitable organisations ranked by annual expenditure.
 St. Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange was a church in the City of London located on Bartholomew Lane off Threadneedle Street. Recorded since the 13th century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of 1666 then rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The rebuilt church was demolished in 1840.
 Salisbury Turnpike Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1858 and is a single span stone masonry structure built of mortared random fieldstone.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 King Oscar II Chapel (Norwegian: Kong Oscar IIs kapell) is a chapel in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Grense Jakobselv. The chapel is part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. This stone chapel was built in 1869 on the border with Russia. The chapel was designed by Jacob Wilhelm Nordan and it seats about 72 people.
 The Church of St Wilfrid is located in Market Place Standish Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. It is listed by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe it as one of the most interesting churches in Lancashire.
 The Ingleside Avenue Historic District is a residential historic district on 218-220 and 226-228 Ingleside Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. It consists of a cluster of four triple decker residences and three period garages all built c. 1928 during the last phase of triple decker construction in the city.
 St. Stephen's Church Sneinton is a parish church in the Church of England.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest. The parents of D.H. Lawrence married in the church on 27 December 1875.
 Farmington an 18-acre (7.3 ha) historic site in Louisville Kentucky was once the center of a hemp plantation owned by John and Lucy Speed. The 14-room Federal-style brick home was possibly based on a design by Thomas Jefferson and has several Jeffersonian architectural features.
 Tomlinson-Huddleston House also known as The Signature House is a historic home located in Langhorne Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1783 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay stone dwelling with a gable roof in the Georgian style. It has a two-story rear brick and frame addition with a gable roof added about 1820. Another frame addition was added to the rear about 1965. The oldest section features a total of nine stones with carved initials names and dates.
 The Abbatija Tad-Dejr hypogeal complex is a paleochristian burial site in Rabat Malta.Although much smaller in size than those of Rome the catacombs in Malta especially the ones in Rabat are among the most important early Christian burial sites south of Rome.The site is managed by Heritage Malta and is currently closed for conservation.
 Vancouver General Hospital (VGH or Vancouver General) is a medical facility located in Vancouver British Columbia. It is the largest facility in the Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre (VHHSC) group of medical facilities. VGH is also the second largest hospital in Canada after The Ottawa Hospital.Vancouver Coastal Health (VCH) is responsible for the operations of Vancouver General Hospital.
 Masonic Home for Children is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1987.
 Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center formerly known as Opryland Hotel is a large hotel and convention center located in Nashville Tennessee. It is owned by Gaylord Hotels a division of Ryman Hospitality Properties (formerly known as Gaylord Entertainment Company) and operated by Marriott International. It is the largest non-casino hotel in the Continental United States outside of Las Vegas. Also ranking as the 29th in the List of largest hotels in the world.
 St Laurence Pountney was a parish church in the City of London. It stood in Candlewick Street in Candlewick Ward until its destruction in the Great Fire of London.Following the destruction of the majority of parish churches in the City by the Great Fire the Rebuilding Act was passed and a committee set up under Sir Christopher Wren to decide which would be rebuilt Fifty-one were chosen but St Laurence Pountney was not amongst them.
 The Honor Oak Christian Fellowship & Conference Centre generally known as the Christian Fellowship Centre or Honor Oak was a Christian conference and training facility located on Honor Oak Road in south-east London. The centre was the ministry base for its founder the British evangelist and writer T. Austin-Sparks who had previously been the minister of the Honor Oak Baptist Church from 1921 to 1926.
 The Antietam Furnace Complex Archeological Site is an archeological site at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland. It is an eighteenth-century Iron furnace located along South Mountain. It operated circa 1768-1775 and produced pig iron stoves domestic iron wares and possibly cannon. It was probably the earliest iron furnace in the present day Washington County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Central Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation in Hamilton Ontario Canada located in the downtown area at the corner of Charlton (165 Charlton Avenue West) and Caroline Street South.
 The Apex Historic District is the historic commercial and residential center of Apex North Carolina a satellite town of the state capital Raleigh. The district revolves around Salem Street the main thoroughfare in downtown Apex. In 2007 CNNMoney.com ranked Apex as the 14th best place to live in the United States.
 Palazzo Versace Dubai is a luxury hotel and resort under construction in Culture Village on the foreshore of Dubai Creek in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It will cost AED 2.3 billion.
 The Alice Freeman Palmer Memorial Institute better known as Palmer Memorial Institute was a school for upper class African Americans. It was founded in 1902 by Dr. Charlotte Hawkins Brown at Sedalia North Carolina near Greensboro. Palmer Memorial Institute was named after Alice Freeman Palmer former president of Wellesley College and benefector of Dr. Brown.It became before its closure in the 1970s a fully accredited nationally recognized preparatory school.
 Washington Adventist Hospital is a 252-licensed bed acute care facility located in Takoma Park Maryland United States.
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe (Spanish: Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Europa) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square (Spanish: Plaza Alta) of Algeciras (Spain). The popularly known Capillita de Europa (English: Small Chapel of Europe) is considered as the foundational element of the modern city of Algeciras.
 City Hall of San Jose at 200 East Santa Clara Street is the center of the government of the city of San Jose California. The building was designed by Richard Meier and opened to the public on 15 October 2005 replacing the former City Hall complex civic center located on North First Street which was used from 1958 until 2005. From 1889 to 1958 the city hall was located in what is now Plaza de Cesar Chavez in downtown San José.
 Mount Lebanon Baptist Church is a historic church in Gibsland Louisiana.It was built in 1857 in a Greek Revival style and was added to the National Register in 1980.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 52 Marshall Street in Coldwater Michigan. Built 1866–1869 it is a Michigan State Historic Site (MSHS) and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Magnolia Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. It was established in 1917 and is a 23 acre cemetery characterized by narrow and gently curving streets and by landscaping which includes an avenue of cedars lining the entrance drive and magnolias lining the streets which form the historic core of the cemetery.
 Babington's tea room is a traditional English tea shop at the foot of the Spanish Steps in the Piazza di Spagna in Rome Italy. The food is mostly traditional English fare.
 The church of San Girolamo is an Renaissance style church just outside of the old walled city of Volterra Italy. The church and attached Franciscan convent a complex also known as of San Girolamo al Velloso were designed by Michelozzo and construction was completed by about 1445. Some have questioned the attribution and even mentioned another famous Florentine architect Lorenzo Ghiberti.Among it patrons was the Duke Cosimo de' Medici from Florence.
 The Cathedral Valley Corral was constructed around 1900 by local cattlemen in the northern portion of what is now Capitol Reef National Park in Utah. It is one of the oldest examples of ranching use in the park. It coincided with a change in the use of the land where cattle were grazed on the open range and collected into corrals for branding vaccination and other procedures. The extensive use of open-range grazing practices led to the de-vegetation of portions of the area.
 Ponce City Market is a historic building in Atlanta located where the BeltLine crosses Ponce de Leon Avenue in the Old Fourth Ward where that neighborhood touches the Virginia Highland Poncey-Highland and Midtown neighborhoods. The 2100000-square-foot (200000 m2) building one of the largest by volume in the Southeast United States was used by Sears Roebuck and Co. from 1926–1987 and later by the City of Atlanta as City Hall East.
 Mustafa Pasha Mosque (Macedonian: Мустафа-пашина џамија Turkish: Mustafa Paşa Camii)is a mosque located in the Old Bazaar of Skopje Macedonia.
 Somerdale was a chocolate factory located in Keynsham near Bristol in south west England. It was the home of a Cadbury plc's production facility and was originally built by the Fry family when they expanded through consolidation of a number of existing facilities located in the centre of Bristol.
 The Stomner House on 3rd St. NE in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It's significant for its architecture and for its association with the Ellertson and Stomner families.
 The Silas A. Rice Log House located on Oregon Route 19 at Burns Park in Condon Oregon is a historic log house built in 1884 as a simple pen of hewn logs. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It was a homesteader's cabin and is one of few surviving hewn log houses in a wide area of Oregon. It was originally located about two miles from its current location and eventually was abandoned and deteriorated slowly.
 The Heins Block is the most prominent commercial building in the city of Olivia Minnesota United States. It was built in 1896 to house a bank and a hardware store owned by P.W. Heins. P.W. Heins opened up his first mercantile store soon after the village of Olivia was surveyed by the Hastings and Dakota Railway. Heins established the Peoples Bank in 1889.The architect A.J. Hedlund designed a Queen Anne-styled house for Heins.
 Marshall House is located at 2009 Arch St. Little Rock Arkansas. It was built in 1908 from designs by Charles L. Thompson. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.This home was selected as the most representative home built in 1908 in this region as part of the nationwide competition sponsored by the National Association of Realtors in honor of its Diamond Jubilee 75th Anniversary.[citation needed]
 The Catlin Wilson House also known as the Murphy Dunlap House is a historic Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama USA. The one-story wood framed building was built in 1844. A pedimented front portico with four Doric columns covers the three central bays of the front facade. The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1936. It was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on November 5 1976.
 Perry County Courthouse is a government building of Perry County Missouri and is located in on the main square in Perryville Missouri.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Catholic church in Gibraltar.
 Griffith Observatory is a facility in Los Angeles California sitting on the south-facing slope of Mount Hollywood in Los Angeles' Griffith Park. It commands a view of the Los Angeles Basin including Downtown Los Angeles to the southeast Hollywood to the south and the Pacific Ocean to the southwest.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 300 E. Main in El Dorado Arkansas.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The George Fontaine Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 141 Vernon Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1918 and is a well-preserved example of the Colonial Revival styling. Its three-level porch projects significantly from the front and is differently styled on each level. Its first tier has multiple Tuscan columns the second has supports enclosed in siding and the third level has a semicircular opening under a gambreled roof.
 Così (NASDAQ: COSI) is an American restaurant chain that primarily offers sandwiches and salads. It was founded in 1996 and there are currently over 144 locations in the continental United States. The original Così restaurant was based on a cafe in Paris France.In October 1999 Così merged with the cafe/bar chain XandO (formerly ZuZu).
 Prozone Mall is one of the largest and the first horizontally designed shopping mall in India. It has over 1 million square feet of retail space and ushers in the concept of modern retailing in Aurangabad.
 The Hearthstone Historic House Museum is a historic home in Appleton Wisconsin United States that has been converted into a museum. On September 30 1882 it became the first residence in the world powered by a centrally located hydroelectric station using the Edison system. At that time the house was the residence of Henry James Rogers a paper company executive and entrepreneur. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 2 1974.
 The Thomas County Courthouse is an historic government building built in 1858 and located on North Broad Street in Thomasville Georgia the seat of Thomas County. It was designed by architect John Wind.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 1970.
 Old St Stephen's Church Fylingdales is a redundant Anglican church standing on a hillside in Fylingdales overlooking Robin Hood's Bay North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 New Zion AME Zion Church is a historic African Methodist church at the junction of Myrtle and Neely Streets in Warren Arkansas. Built in 1927 it has a vernacular styling that includes Gothic and Romanesque Revival details included castellated towers with parapet and an arched entryway.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 120 Ohio Street in Huron Ohio in the United States. On March 4 1975 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Osbornedale is a two-story colonial revival house located in the Derby Neck section of the city of Derby Connecticut that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is operated as a museum. It is significant for being the home of Frances Osborne Kellogg a proponent for equal professional opportunities for women in Connecticut. The architect for the remodeling was Waldo Stewart Kellogg whom Frances Osborne married.
 First Presbyterian Church Manse (Farris Apartments) is a historic church manse at 305 Main Street in Clarksville Tennessee.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 St Luke's Church Liverpool is a former Anglican parish church which is now a ruin. It stands on the corner of Berry Street and Leece Street looking down the length of Bold Street Liverpool Merseyside England. The church was built between 1811 and 1832 and was designed by John Foster senior and John Foster junior father and son who were successive surveyors for the municipal Corporation of Liverpool.
 Scottish Livingstone Hospital also known as Molepolole Hospital is a government-run district hospital located in Molepolole Botswana 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Gaborone.
 The State Hermitage (Russian: Госуда́рственный Эрмита́ж IPA: [gəsʊˈdarstvʲɪnɨj ɪrmʲɪˈtaʂ] Gosudarstvenny Ermitazh) is a museum of art and culture in Saint Petersburg Russia. One of the largest and oldest museums in the world it was founded in 1764 by Catherine the Great and has been open to the public since 1852. Its collections of which only a small part is on permanent display comprise over three million items including the largest collection of paintings in the world.
 Don F. Pratt Memorial Museum is an official U.S. Army Museum located in Building 5702 on Tennessee Avenue at Fort Campbell Kentucky. Military artifacts and memorabilia are available to touch and view at the museum which features interior and exterior exhibits that help visitors better reflect on military history.
 Scott Joplin House State Historic Site in St. Louis Missouri preserves the Scott Joplin Residence the home of composer Scott Joplin from 1900 to 1903. The house and its surroundings are maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site. It is located at 2658 Delmar Blvd St Louis MO.The house was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Tudor Hall also known as Lockerman House is a historic home located at Upper Fairmount Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story beaded clapboard house three bays wide by three deep and built about 1780. The house features a brick colonnade now in ruins.Tudor Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Campbellton is a house near Gerrardstown West Virginia built circa 1800 by James Campbell. Campbell who was born in Ireland in 1744 arrived in America with his father in 1753 settling in Berkeley County West Virginia in 1762. Campbell built a store on the property in 1780 along with a complex of accessory buildings before building the main house.The main house is a two story structure of coursed rubble limestone. The two story house is five bays wide.
 Lavenham Wool Hall is a Grade I listed sixteenth century timber framed building on Lady Street in Lavenham Suffolk.
 Devon Energy Tower also known as Two Allen Center is a 521 ft (159 m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 1978 and has 36 floors. It is the 24th tallest building in the city. The tower houses offices for Oklahoma City-based Devon Energy Corporation.The building has travertine flooring and is Energy Star labelled. It is owned by Brookfield Properties.
 The Centro Israelita do Paraná (English: Jewish Center of Paraná) is the main gathering place for Jews in the city of Curitiba Brazil.
 Lawang Sewu is a landmark in Semarang Central Java Indonesia. The colonial era building is famous as a haunted house though the Semarang city government has attempted to rebrand it.
 The Porter-Crawford House at 1208 22nd Ave. in Meridian Mississippi is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as part of a Multiple Property Submission.It was deemed notable as the only remaining example on 22nd Avenue of the Queen Anne style a style once dominant on Silk Stocking Row.
 The White Magnolia Plaza is a high-rise building whose construction is earlier suspended but now has resumed construction as of 2013. It is located north of the Bund the historic river-front district of Shanghai adjacent to the international cruise terminal. The original proposal called for a 388-meter tower but it was later scaled down to 260 m and then the third and final design was changed to 319.5 meters.
 One Lincoln Street also known as State Street Financial Center is a skyscraper in Boston Massachusetts on the edge of both the Financial District and neighborhood of Chinatown. Completed in 2003 it was built using Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) guidelines. Standing at 503 feet (153 m) tall One Lincoln Street is the 15th-tallest building in Boston. The skyscraper has a five-level underground garage that provides parking for 900 cars.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in the centre of Liverpool Merseyside. It is situated on the corner of Low Hill and the A57 road next to the Royal Liverpool University Hospital. It is a Grade II listed building and was opened in 1886. It was designed by Goldie Child & Goldie and has an altar piece by Pugin and Pugin.
 Greentrees Hospital was a hospital in Palmers Green North London. Situated in Tottenhall Road the hospital was built in 1902 as the Southgate Isolation Hospital commissioned by Southgate Urban District Council.The hospital hosted a meeting of the Infectious Hospitals Matrons’ Association on 20 October 1934 hosted by the hospital's matron Beatrice M. West who was also honorary secretary of the Association.
 Beijing TV Centre (simplified Chinese: 北京电视中心; traditional Chinese: 北京電視中心; pinyin: Běijīng Diànshì Zhōngxīn) is a 41-floor 239 metres (784 ft) tall skyscraper completed in 2006 located in Beijing China. It was designed by Japanese company Nikken Sekkei. It looks similar to the Commerzbank Tower in Frankfurt.The building is home to the Beijing Television and is NOT the CCTV Headquarters which is another building nearby.
 The Houston Jail is a historic jail building in Houston Winston County Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 5 1975.
 Bebrene Manor (Latvian: Bebrenes muiža) is a manor house in Bebrene Ilūkste municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia. Commissioned by Count Stanisław Kostka von Plater-Syberg and built in French neo-Renaissance style in the late 19th century by the Polish-Italian architect Leandro Marconi the Bebrene Palace complex is located in a park one of the most expressive English style landscape parks in Latvia.The building currently houses the Bebrene secondary school.
 The Racine Depot is located in Racine Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Radisson Blu City Centre Chennai is a 12-storied five-star hotel located in Egmore Chennai India. It is the second Radisson Blu hotel in the city after the Radisson Blu Chennai hotel near Chennai airport.
 Mustafa Castle is a building of profound historical relevance located in Meerut India. It was commemoratively built by Nawab Mohammad Ishak Khan [1860-1918] to serve as a memorial to Nawab Mustafa Khan Shefta his father [1804-1869] who was one of the most eminent and accomplished poets and critics of his era.
 The Lincoln Highway in Omaha Nebraska runs east–west from near North 183rd Street and West Dodge Road in towards North 192nd Street outside of Elkhorn. This section of the Lincoln Highway one of only twenty miles that were paved with brick in Nebraska is one of the most well-preserved in the country. The roadway was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Benjamin F. Greene House is an historic home at 85 Cross Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The Second Empire house was built by Clifton A. Hall and Wheeler & Marchant in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Brown House is a 19th-century house in Yuma Arizona built of brick in the 1890s. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It may be a contributing property included within Yuma Crossing and Associated Sites a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 Hattie M. Strong Residence Hall is a women’s dormitory on the campus of George Washington University in Washington D.C.. It was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1987 and on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St. Joseph's Convent and School is a historic convent and school at 517 Moody Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The school is a three story brick building built in 1883. Its Italianate styling includes an extended wooden cornice decorated with brackets. The convent built in 1911 is a modestly-ornmanented Colonial Revival three story brick building.
 St John's Church Rawtenstall is a redundant Anglican church in Newchurch Road Cloughfold Rawtenstall Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos) is a Coptic Orthodox Church located in Burr Ridge Illinois. The church is one of the largest in the Chicago area for Coptic Christians.
 Ashton House also known as the Ashton residence is a Ward Wellington Ward-designed home built in 1913 in Syracuse New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Architecture of Ward Wellington Ward in Syracuse MPS in 1997.Features include a wraparound porch a Mercer tile fireplace and a Keck studio stained glass interior window.It is located at 301 Salt Springs Road in the Salt Springs neighborhood of Syracuse.
 The Old Naval Hospital is a historic building located at 921 Pennsylvania Avenue Southeast Washington D.C. in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 The Fort of Nossa Senhora da Encarnação (Portuguese: Forte de Nossa Senhora de Encarnação) is a small fortification in the civil parish of Carvoeiro municipality of Lagoa in Portuguese Algarve.
 The Atlantic Food and Horticulture Research Centre is a branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada's national network of 19 research centres stationed across Canada. The site is situated on 464 acres (188 ha; 0.725 sq mi) in Kentville located in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley. The Centre's programs address agricultural challenges throughout the Canadian horticultural and food network but primarily focus on the regional requirements of Atlantic Canada.
 The Skene Memorial Library is located on Main Street in Fleischmanns New York United States. It is also used as the village hall. The frame building combining elements of the Queen Anne and Shingle architectural styles dates to the early 20th century. Its exterior incorporates aspects of local train station architecture.It was built by the widow of prominent gynecologist Alexander Skene who summered in the area and had founded the library several years before.
 Mammoth Cave Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Springfield Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Sharpsburg Kentucky. It was built in 1821 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.In 1932 an archaeological site 15BH13 was recorded in the vicinity of the church: a local resident reported finding stone box graves in a field near the church.
 The Branham House is residential dwelling located in the South Broadway Neighborhood Historic District in Georgetown Kentucky. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 Long Meadows is a historic home located near Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick and fieldstone dwelling painted yellow with green trim. In 1739 Thomas Cresap was granted 400 acres (1.6 km2) which he named Long Meadows where he is said to have erected a stone and log fort over a spring near the Marsh Run.
 Fort Schelbourne formerly Camp Schell in Ely Nevada was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Its boundaries were increased in 1977.
 The Southern Hotel in Llano Texas was erected circa 1881 by stonemasons J. K. Finlay and John Goodman in the Second Empire style for owner J.W. Owen. The hotel was built as a stagecoach stop between Mason and Burnet later serving as a hotel and a boarding house. Originally only a two-story building a third floor was added when Colonel W.A.H. Miller bought the hotel in 1883.
 Oneida County Courthouse in Malad Idaho is an Art Deco building built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Template:April 2008Om Kalthoum Museum is a biographical museum in Giza near Cairo Egypt. The Om Kalthoum Museum is dedicated to Umm Kulthum or Om Kalthoum the famous Egyptian singer songwriter and actress.
 Joe Jefferson Clubhouse is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1925 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 Whitehall or White Hall is a house in Clarksville Tennessee that was built circa 1839. It housed a girls' school in the late 1840s. Now a private residence it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 31 1978.The listing was for architecture which includes Greek Revival and Georgian architectural elements. The listing covered a 4-acre (1.6 ha) property that included three contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.
 The Frederick and Della Dunn House at 145 N. Main St. in Springville Utah was built in 1929. It is a work of architect Claude Ashworth (1885–1971). It includes Spanish Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Orlando Premium Outlets-International Drive (formerly Prime Outlets-Orlando) is an outdoor outlet mall in Orlando Florida United States along the northern end of International Drive.
 The Ylikiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in Ylikiiminki Oulu.The wooden cruciform church has been designed by Jacob Rijf an Ostrobothnian architect and builder of churches. The church was completed in 1786.
 The Basilica di Santa Croce (Basilica of the Holy Cross) is the principal Franciscan church in Florence Italy and a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church. It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce about 800 metres south-east of the Duomo. The site when first chosen was in marshland outside the city walls.
 The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure Hiroshima Prefecture Japan.
 Collegium Gostomianum is a secondary school in Sandomierz Poland. Founded in 1602 it is one of the oldest schools in Poland.
 Makam Mahmoodiah or Mahmoodiah Royal Mausoleum is a royal mausoleum of Johor located in Jalan Mahmoodiah Johor Bahru Malaysia. The first Sultan of Johor buried here was Sultan Abu Bakar in 1895. Besides that the founder of UMNO Dato' Onn Jaafar (died on 1962) was buried next to his father Dato Jaafar bin Muhammad's grave (died in 1919).
 The U.S. Post Office and County Courthouse in Statesville North Carolina was built in 1891. It was designed in the Richardsonian Romanesque style by Willoughby J. Edbrooke. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Aylesworth Apartments are an historic site on 188 Broad Street in Providence Rhode Island.The apartments were built in 1888 in a Queene Anne style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Two Independence Square better known as NASA Headquarters is a low-rise building in the two-building Independence Square complex at 300 E Street SW in Washington D.C. The building houses NASA leadership who provide overall guidance and direction to the US government executive branch agency NASA under the leadership of the NASA Administrator.
 The Westin Convention Center Pittsburgh is a hotel in Downtown Pittsburgh with a prominent position in the area adjacent to the David L. Lawrence Convention Center and the Cultural District. The hotel broke ground on December 6 1984 and was originally known as the Vista International opening in 1986.
 The Browning Block a building on the southeast corner of Main and Center Sts. in Paris Idaho was built in 1905. It has been termed a locally ambitious commercial structure; it has included specialty stores and a local bank. It is centrally located; across the intersection on the northeast corner is the Bear Lake County Courthouse also NRHP-listed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Woodbury Friends' Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 120 N. Broad Street in Woodbury Gloucester County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1715 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 John C. Hieber Building is a historic commercial building located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a five story rectangular flat roofed red brick structure 60 feet by 100 feet with a random ashlar stone foundation. It was built as a combined sales and warehouse facility. It is current used as a children's museum known as the Children's Museum of Utica New York.It was a work of Utica architect Frederick H.
 For the country house still standing near Milton Green see Calveley HallCalveley Church is located in the village of Calveley Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of St Boniface Bunbury the deanery of Malpas the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Saugus Town Hall is a historic town hall on Central Street in Saugus Massachusetts. It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Hampton Masonic Lodge Building in Hampton Arkansas is an Early Commercial style building that was built in 1920. As originally designed the building had commercial store space on the first floor and rooms for both the Hampton Masonic Lodge and the Farmers Home Administration on the second floor. In 1954 the building was acquired by the Western Auto Store and the second floor was turned into a toy department.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Sakshaug Church (Norwegian: Sakshaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Sakshaug. The church is part of the Inderøy parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church was constructed in 1871 to replace the nearby Sakshaug gamle Church. It is one of Norway's largest country churches since it seats about 1200 people. The building was designed by architect Håkon Mosling.
 Chinese Cemetery also known as Chinese Cemetery Warren Mining District is a cemetery located near Warren Idaho. It is the only ethnic Chinese cemetery in Idaho that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was listed on March 29 1994. The cemetery was created to hold the remains of Chinese migrant laborers who came to Idaho to work as miners though many of the bodies have since been exhumed and returned to China.
 St. Ladislaus (Polish: Kościół Świętego Władysława) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in Chicago Illinois. One of the many Polish churches on Chicago's Northwest Side it is considered to be one of the more architecturally significant religious edifices in the Portage Park area as well as one of the key agents in the neighborhood's historical growth and development.
 McCormick Apartments also known as Andrew Mellon Building Mellon Apartment or 1785 Massachusetts Avenue is a landmark apartment building on Embassy Row in Washington D.C. whose inhabitants once included Andrew W. Mellon. It will soon become home to the American Enterprise Institute.
 Gemiluth Chessed (Acts of Loving Kindness) is a Moorish Revival synagogue in Port Gibson Mississippi. It is the oldest surviving synagogue in the state and the only building of this architectural style. It was built in 1892 by a community of Jewish immigrants from German states and Alsace-Lorraine. Due to declining population the congregation closed in 1986.
 The Shriners Hospital for Children (Galveston) is a 30-bed non-profit pediatric burn hospital research and teaching center located on the campus of the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston Texas USA. Part of a 22-hospital system it is one of the three Shriner's Hospitals that specialize exclusively in burn care and consists of an intensive care unit with 15 acute beds and a reconstruction and plastic surgery unit with 15 reconstruction beds along with three operating rooms.
 East Freetown is one of two villages in the town of Freetown Bristol County Massachusetts United States. Added to the town in 1747 East Freetown was originally an outpost settlement of Tiverton Rhode Island then a part of Massachusetts. It rests on the shore of Long Pond.
 Mosaic Dallas formerly Fidelity Union Life Insurance Building is a residential development in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA) adjacent to Thanks-giving Square. The complex is located at 300 North Akard Street across the street from DART's Akard Station which serves its Blue Red and Green light rail lines.
 The Martin Luther Pipes House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dock Bridge is a pair of vertical lift bridges crossing the Passaic River at Newark Essex County and Harrison Hudson County New Jersey United States used exclusively for railroad traffic. It is the seventh crossing from the river's mouth at Newark Bay and is 5.0 miles (8.0 km) upstream from it. Also known as the Amtrak Dock Vertical Lift it carries Amtrak New Jersey Transit and Port Authority Trans Hudson trains. It is listed on the state and federal registers of historic places.
 Davis House also known as El Recuerdo is a historic plantation home located near Manning Clarendon County South Carolina. It was built about 1843 and is a vernacular Greek Revival style dwelling. The Davis House is a two-story frame house with a heavy timber braced frame weatherboard sheathing and a gabled roof. It has one-story gabled-roofed ells at either side connected to the main block by shed-roofed connectors.
 Calipatria State Prison (CAL) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Calipatria in Imperial County California.
 Oxmoor Farm is an estate in Louisville Kentucky located 8 miles (13 km) east of downtown. Oxmoor was surveyed in 1774 and was the home of Sturgis Station fort by 1780 when it was granted to Col. William Christian. Alexander Scott Bullitt married Christian's daughter in 1786 and Christian gave the 2000-acre (810 ha) farm to them as a wedding present.
 Venice Branch is a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Venice section of Los Angeles California. The old Venice Branch library was replaced in 1995 by a new branch now known as the Venice-Abott Kinney Memorial Branch.
 Yedingham Priory was a Benedictine priory in North Yorkshire England dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. It was home to Benedictine nuns from 1163-1539.The priory also known as Little Mareis was co founded by Helewise de Clere and Roger II de Clere.
 The Edward Bellamy House is a National Historic Landmark at 91–93 Church Street in the Chicopee Falls section of the city of Chicopee Massachusetts. Its landmark designation was in honor of journalist and Utopian writer Edward Bellamy (1850–1898) whose home it was for most of his life.Built in 1852 Bellamy's father moved the family into the house after its construction. Bellamy grew up in the house and returned there after completing his studies and a brief stint of work in New York City.
 St. George's United Methodist Church located at the corner of 4th and New Streets in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia is the oldest Methodist church in continuous use in the United States beginning in 1769. The congregation was founded in 1767 meeting initially in a sail loft on Dock Street and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a German Reformed congregation.
 The Booker T. Washington National Monument is a National Monument near Hardy Franklin County Virginia. It preserves portions of the 207-acre (0.90 km²) tobacco farm on which educator and leader Booker T. Washington was born into slavery on April 5 1856. It provides interpretation of Washington's life and achievements as well as interpretation of 1850s slavery and farming through the use of buildings gardens crafts and animals.
 The Newport Tower (also known as Newport Office Center II and 525 Washington Boulevard) in Newport Jersey City New Jersey is the fourth tallest building in Jersey City. It has 37 floors it is 531 ft (162 m) tall and is connected to a mall (called the Newport Centre Mall) within the complex. The mall is one of the few enclosed regional shopping facilities in Hudson County. The building was developed by Melvin Simon & Associates in 1990.
 The Okeechobee High School (1925) is an historic redbrick school building located at 610 SW 2nd Avenue in Okeechobee Florida. Designed by architects William Hatcher and Lawrence Funke it was built in 1925 by Rogers and Duncanson. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.The new Okeechobee High School is now located at 2800 Highway 441 North and the 1925 building is the Okeechobee Freshman Campus.
 Audubon is one of a pair of Greek Revival houses built across from each other on Moore's Mill Pike in Scott County Kentucky. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 4 1973.
 The Rad Jan Kollar cis 101 Z.C.B.J. also known as Z.C.B.J. Hall is a historic building near Du Bois Nebraska United States that was built in 1920-21. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 5 1990. It historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community.
 Dubai Hospital is a 625-bed general medical/surgical hospital in Dubai the United Arab Emirates and is part of Dubai Government's Department of Health and Medical Services.The hospital consists of 14 stories with the lower two for Accident & Emergency and outpatients and the upper ten for wards.
 The Church of the Holy Apostles Rectory is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located at 1700 Hagood Avenue in Barnwell South Carolina On April 13 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is also known as the Roberts House the Old Patterson House or The Rectory.
 Sava City (Serbian: Савоград Savograd) is going to be a 35000 metre square business complex which will be located in Belgrade Serbia. It is supposed to be the first elite residentialbusiness in the New Belgrade Area which each consists of three apartments on each floor of 78 to 215 m2 (840 to 2310 sq ft) each. The Construction Started in 2006 but the construction finish time is unknown. The business complex will have an entrance hall rich with contents such as shops banks and galleries.
 Mission Basilica San Juan Capistrano is a church building and parish of the Roman Catholic Church in San Juan Capistrano California United States. Part of the Diocese of Orange the church opened in 1986 and is located just northwest of Mission San Juan Capistrano. The church's design is patterned after the Mission's original stone church which was destroyed in an 1812 earthquake. It was designed by architect John Bartlett and built by Joseph Byron Jr. of Alex Sutherland Construction.
 Ålesund Church (Norwegian: Ålesund kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the center of the town of Ålesund on the island of Aspøya. The church is part of the Ålesund parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The large stone church was built in 1909 by the architect Sverre Knudsen. The church seats about 800 people.
 Crèvecœur Castle (French: Château de Crèvecœur) is a ruined castle in Belgium overlooking the village of Bouvignes-sur-Meuse in the province of Namur.
 The Samuel H. Allen Home is a historic house located at 135 E. 200 North in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Potomac Gardens known to some of its residents as The Gardens is a housing project located at 1225 G Street SE in Capitol Hill Southeast Washington D.C. thirteen blocks to the southeast of the United States Capitol building.The property is owned by the District of Columbia Housing Authority and its 352-units are divided into family and senior housing. It was constructed between 1965 and 1968. In November 1967 the first families began moving in.
 Joseph W. Catharine School is a historic school building located in the Mount Moriah neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1937-1938. It is a three-story six bay yellow brick in the Moderne-style. It features a main entrance with decorative stone surround stone sills and stone coping atop the building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Västerås Central Hospital (Swedish: Västmanlands sjukhus Västerås or Västerås Centrallasarett) in Västerås is the county hospital of Västmanland County in Sweden. It has about 3000 employees.
 Chiesa di San Vito in Pasquirolo is a church in Milan Italy. It was built in 1621.
 St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Cathedral is a large Serbian Orthodox Cathedral located in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Osgood Farm is a historic farmhouse at 116 Osgood Street in Andover Massachusetts.
 Iglesia de San Juan Bautista (San Tirso de Abres) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the 16th century.
 Abercorn Common is a 180000-square-foot (17000 m2) shopping center in Savannah Georgia. The center was the first retail center in the U.S. to become LEED-certified meaning its design incorporates efficiency with attractive buildings and public spaces. The buildings and public spaces resemble Savannah's downtown historic district with awnings brick facades fountains and brick-paved sidewalks. Palm trees pampas grasses and willow trees are among the natural features.
 Peoria Mineral Springs is 14500 year old natural spring in the city of Peoria Illinois United States. The site also known as Spring Hill is located on a hillside on the historic West Bluff. In 1843 a cave-like barrel-vaulted brick reservoir was constructed; the structure is concealed within the hillside and captures the flow of three separate springs. The brick reservoir was built for Peoria's first water company prior to that the site was a Native American campground.
 The Frank B. Hopewell House is a historic house at 301 Waverley Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The large 2 1/2 story brick building was designed by Boston architect George Sidbottom and built in 1919. It is the most intact and best preserved of several large early 20th century Colonial Revival estate houses in the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Swedish Medical Center is a large nonprofit health care provider located in Seattle Washington. It has three main hospital locations in Seattle and is also affiliated with many other suburban hospitals and clinics. As of 2009 it has 7000 employees and 2300 credentialed physicians.
 St Michael's Church Aigburth also known as St Michael-in-the-Hamlet Church is in St. Michael's Church Road St Michael's Hamlet Liverpool England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church contains much cast iron in its structure and its citation in the National Heritage List for England states it has one of the earliest and most thorough uses of industrial materials in a major building.
 St. Josephs' Chapel is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 for its architectural significance.
 Burgruine Gradenegg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Orange Health Service is a public hospital located on the Bloomfield Health Campus approximately 4 km (2.5 mi) south of the city Orange New South Wales in Australia. It is the largest rural hospital in New South Wales and is operated by Western NSW Local Health District. The hospital was opened in 2011 co-located with the redeveloped Bloomfield psychiatric hospital replacing Orange Base Hospital as the primary referral hospital for the Central West region and beyond to Broken Hill.
 The Petty-Roberts-Beatty House also known as the Octagon House is an historic octagonal house in Clayton Alabama. The structure was one of only two antebellum octagonal houses built in Alabama and is the only one to survive. This unusual house was built by Benjamin Franklin Petty starting in 1859 and completed in 1861. Petty was a carriage and furniture merchant who was a native of New York and pioneer settler of Clayton.
 The Carl E. Nelson House at 960 E. St. NE in Salem Oregon was built in 1924. It was designed by architect Jamieson Parker. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997; the listing included two contributing buildings. It has also been known as Cottonwood Cottage Bed and Breakfast.
 The Galleries (formerly The Mall Bristol but originally opened in 1991 as The Galleries) is a shopping mall situated in the Broadmead shopping centre in Bristol city centre England. Functioning as one of the city's retail malls it is a three-storey building which spans over Fairfax Street where buildings used to include a large Woolworths and Millets across to the former site of Fairfax House (a Co-operative department store built in 1962) where the Galleries car park now stands.
 Sletta Church (Norwegian: Sletta kirke) is the main church in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of the municipal center of Sistranda. The current church building was built in 1990 on the site of the old church that burned down. This has been the church site since 1755 when it was moved from the island of where it had been since the 1400s.
 Carll S. Burr Mansion is a historic home located at Commack in Suffolk County New York. It is an imposing 2 1⁄2-story seven bay shingled residence. The decorative roofline features a flat roofed belvedere with a bracketed cornice and a mansard roof. It was built about 1830 and remodeled in the Second Empire style between 1881 and 1885. Also on the property are a contributing barn and cottage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Burgruine Liemberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Astor House Hotel (礼查饭店) known as the Pujiang Hotel (浦江饭店) in Chinese since 1959 has been described as once one of the famous hotels of the world. Established in 1846 as Richards' Hotel and Restaurant (礼查饭店) on The Bund in Shanghai it has been at 15 Huangpu Lu Shanghai near the confluence of the Huangpu River and the Suzhou Creek in the Hongkou District near the northern end of the Waibaidu (Garden) Bridge since 1858.
 Fashion Place is an enclosed shopping mall in Murray Utah United States. It opened in 1972 and is anchored by Dillard's Macy's Nordstrom and Sears. It is managed by General Growth Properties.
 Jacob Wisner House also known as the Rapp House is a historic home located in Charlestown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections. The older section dates to 1761 and is a 2 1/1-story three bay wide stone structure. A two bay wide extension was added in the 1840s. The addition was originally built to house a saddle and harnass-maker's shop and later housed the Sidley Post Office.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Manning–Kamna Farm is a private farm adjacent to Hillsboro in Washington County Oregon United States. Settled in the 1850s ten buildings built between 1883 and 1930 still stand including the cross-wing western farmhouse. These ten structures comprise the buildings added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 as an example of a farm in the region from the turn of the 20th century. Until the 1950s the farm was used to grow seeds including rye grass and vetch.
 Union Street Railway Carbarn Repair Shop is a historic repair shop at 1959 Purchase Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The shop was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Pellissier Building and adjoining Wiltern Theatre is a 12-story 155-foot (47 m) Art Deco landmark at the corner of Wilshire Boulevard and Western Avenue in Los Angeles California. The entire complex is commonly referred to as the Wiltern Center. Clad in a blue-green glazed architectural terra-cotta tile and situated on a diagonal to the street corner the complex is considered one of the finest examples of Art Deco architecture in the United States.
 CentralPlaza Bangna also known as Central City Bangna is a shopping center on Bangna-Trad Road located in Bangna district in Bangkok Thailand.
 The Bob White Covered Bridge also known as the Lower Covered Bridge or Woolwine Covered Bridge is a county owned wooden covered bridge that spans the Smith River in Patrick County Virginia United States. It is located on the old portion of Bob White Road (SR 869) off State Route 8 southeast of the community of Woolwine about 13 miles (21 kilometers) north of Stuart. Coordinates are 36°46′44.82″N 80°14′51.26″W (36.779117 -80.247572).
 The former Asia Insurance Building (Chinese: 前亚洲保险大厦; pinyin: qián Yàzhōu Bǎoxiǎn dàshà) is a high-rise building formerly for commercial use located on Finlayson Green near Raffles Place in Singapore's Downtown Core. The Asia Insurance Building was also known as the A.I. Building but was renamed to Ascott Raffles Place after the Ascott Group (a division of CapitaLand) completed its redevelopment of the building into a serviced apartment residence in November 2008.
 City Evangelical Church is an independent evangelical church in Leeds West Yorkshire England.The church is affiliated to the Fellowship of Independent Evangelical Churches.
 The Stanley Norman is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1902 at Salisbury Maryland. She is a 47.5-foot-long (14.5 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 16 feet (4.9 m) a depth of 4 feet (1.2 m) at the stern with the centerboard up and a registered tonnage of 7 tons. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States. She is located at St.
 District School No. 7 also known as The Little Red Schoolhouse is an historic one-room school building located at Coeymans Hollow in Albany County New York. It was built in 1879 and is a single-story rectangular brick building three bays by three bays in the Italianate style. It features a shingle-clad gable roof surmounted by an open belfry. It features overhanging roof eaves and ornate door and window hood molds. School use ceased in 1957.
 The Queens Head is a public house located at 1 St James Street Monmouth Wales. It has also known as The Queens Head Hotel and formerly Queens Head Inn.
 King Airfield Hangar is a historic airplane hangar on Middleboro Avenue in Taunton Massachusetts near the Taunton Municipal Airport. The hangar was built in 1919 as part of King's Field one of the first private airports in New England. The airfield was built by Henry King on his 50-acre dairy farm. King and his family established a flying school with the purchase of a Curtiss Jenny WWI surplus airplane. The Kings also offered sightseeing tours over the Taunton area.
 The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale Florida. It was originally the Sunrise Center an open-air shopping mall constructed in 1954 but was demolished (except the Jordan Marsh anchor store) and rebuilt as an enclosed mall.
 Museum Tower is a 42-story 170 m (560 ft) skyscraper in the arts district of Dallas Texas. Completed in January 2013 the building is the tallest new structure to be built in the city in recent years and is now the second-tallest all-residential building in Dallas behind Gables Republic Tower.
 Quayside Tower is a modern commercial building in Birmingham England. It is situated on Broad Street one of Birmingham's busiest streets. It forms a prominent part of the Broad Street skyline which consists of many other highrise buildings.Originally built in 1965 to a design by John Madin it was refurbished in 2003 to a design by Richard Johnson & Associates to give it a more fashionable appearance.
 Monmouth Methodist Church is located in Monmouth south east Wales. It is set well back from St James Street between buildings.
 The Bennett–Williams House is a historic house located in The Dalles Oregon United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is also listed as a contributing resource in the National Register-listed Trevitt's Addition Historic District.Built circa 1899 for prominent local lawyer judge and Oregon Supreme Court justice Alfred S. Bennett the house is the most outstanding and best preserved example of Queen Anne architecture in The Dalles.
 The Winter House near Goodrich North Dakota was built in 1900. It built in vernacular Russian-German style by Daniel Winter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but was delisted in 2009.Delisting usually means that a building was demolished or otherwise lost its historic integrity.Built by immigrant Daniel Winter it is significant as a surviving example of what is termed puddled clay construction brought from Russia.
 The Federal Office Building (Omaha Nebraska) also known as the Old Federal Building is a thirteen story stripped classical style building with Art Deco elements located in downtown Omaha Nebraska. The building was designed and built in 1933-34 by architects Thomas R. Kimball William L. Steele and Josiah D. Sandham as part of the firm Kimball Steele & Sandham plus associated architect George B. Prinz.
 Santander Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Santander or Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary of Santander) is located in the Spanish city of Santander. Its structure is mainly Gothic although it has been extended and renovated in later times.
 Mustoe House is a historic home located near Hot Springs Bath County Virginia. The log structure was built in three sections in the early- to mid-19th century. They are a two-story front section a 1 1/2-story log hyphen and a separate 1 1/2-story log structure. It has a large exterior-end limestone chimney. Also on the property is a contributing small log spring house or meathouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Dent Hardware Company Factory Complex also known as the D.W. Coombs Textile Machinery Company is a historic factory complex located at Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1894 and 1913 and consists of 11 contributing buildings. They are built of reinforced concrete.
 Stratford Hall Plantation in Westmoreland County Virginia was the home of four generations of the Lee family of Virginia including two signers of the Declaration of Independence and it was the birthplace of Robert Edward Lee (1807–70) who became the Confederate General-in-chief during the American Civil War and then became the president of Washington College which later became Washington and Lee University.
 The Plaza Ferdinand VII is an outdoor garden and park in the historic district of Pensacola Florida. It is located on Palafox Street between Government and Zaragoza Streets. It was named after Ferdinand VII of Spain the King of Spain between 1813 and 1833.
 St. Peter's Presbyterian Church is located at the junction of New York State Route 203 and South Street (Columbia County Route 7) in Spencertown New York United States. It is a tall frame building in a style similar to those found in New England the native region of many of the area's original 18th century settlers.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 200 N. 12th Avenue in Humboldt Tennessee.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 St. Michael's Episcopal Church Parish House and Rectory is a historic group of religious buildings at 200-216 North Mill Street in Birdsboro Pennsylvania. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Prior to the 2003 removal of the church's stained-glass windows pipe organ and interior furnishings it was considered the most unaltered of Victorian architect Frank Furness's churches.
 The Plumb House is a historic U.S. home located at 1012 West Main Street Waynesboro Virginia. The house currently serves as the Plumb House Museum.
 The Patrick McGrath Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 50 Dorchester Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built in 1894 during an early phase of development in the Grafton Hill area and was highlighted for its Queen Anne styling when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Exterior details notably an ornately decorated three-tier porch have since been lost (see photo).
 Sforza Castle (Italian: Castello Sforzesco) is a castle in Milan northern Italy. It was built in the 15th century by Francesco Sforza Duke of Milan on the remains of a 14th-century fortification. Later renovated and enlarged in the 16th and 17th centuries it was one of the largest citadels in Europe. Largely remade by Luca Beltrami in 1891-1905 it now houses several of the city's museums and art collections.
 The Woodward's Building was a historic building in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The original portion of the building was constructed in 1903 for the Woodward's Department Store when that area of Cordova Street was the heart of Vancouver's retail shopping district. At one time this was the premiere shopping destination in Vancouver.
 The Shah Nematollah Vali Shrine (Persian: آرامگاه شاه نعمت‌ الله‌ ولی‎) is a historical complex located in Mahan Iran which contains the mausoleum of Shah Nematollah Vali the renowned Iranian mystic and poet. Shah Nematollah Vali died in 1431 aged over 100. In 1436 a shrine was erected in his honor and became a pilgrimage site; with the attention of successive rulers contributing various additions over the centuries.
 The Azerbaijan State Academic Drama Theatre (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Akademik Milli Dram Teatrı) is an academic theatre of drama in Baku Azerbaijan.
 The lodge was built about 1915 by local black farmers. Their organization provided insurance advice and burial assistance to members and the structure was the headquarters for the outfit. In 1953 a new pavilion opened at nearby Mosquito Beach and the building fell into disuse. In 2007 the building had been vacant for a decade and was in near ruinous condition. The Town of James Island agreed to contribute $50000 toward the restoration of the building.
 Shōgyō-ji (正行寺) is a Jōdo Shinshū temple in Akkeshi Hokkaidō Japan. Founded in 1879 the Hondō (本堂) of 1799 relocated from Itoigawa in Niigata Prefecture in 1910 has been designated an Important Cultural Property.
 The Abraham Glen House is located on Mohawk Avenue (NY 5) in Scotia New York United States. It is a white frame house from the 18th century that is currently used as the local branch of the Schenectady County public library system.Built in the 1730s it is a rare surviving example in the region of a Dutch Colonial heavy timber frame house. It was extensively modified at the beginning of the 20th century but still retains its basic form and original materials.
 Olympic Tower is a 51-story building in Midtown Manhattan in New York City on Fifth Avenue between East 51st Street and East 52nd Street. The exact address is 641 Fifth Avenue. Built in 1975 it was constructed on a site that was occupied by a Best & Company Store that was built in 1947. It contains 225 condominium apartments and more than 250000 square feet (23000 m2) of office space and retail space. Situated next to St.
 Bund Center is a 198 m (650 ft) 50-storey tower in the Huangpu area of Shanghai China. Designed by the architects of John Portman and Associates the tower was completed in 2002.The building is mainly used for offices and major tenants of the building are Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Nokia APP and Regus. The Bund Center’s prominent outer appearance is the crown located on top of the building. A total of 16 indicator lights are installed so that the crown illuminates a golden light at nighttime.
 Lippo Centre (traditional Chinese: 力寶中心; simplified Chinese: 力宝中心; Mandarin Pinyin: Lìbǎo Zhōngxīn; Jyutping: lik6 bou2 zung1 sam1) previously known as the Bond Center (traditional Chinese: 奔達中心; simplified Chinese: 奔达中心; Jyutping: ban1 daat6 zung1 sam1) is a twin-tower skyscraper complex completed in 1988 at 89 Queensway in Admiralty on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong China.
 The Nicholas Way House (also known as Abishai Way House) at 108 Beaver Road in Edgeworth Pennsylvania was built in 1838. This Greek Revival house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1978 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
 South Main Street Residential Historic District in Statesboro Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Menara Great Eastern also known as Great Eastern Tower in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia is the headquarters of Great Eastern Life Assurance (M) Bhd a member of Great Eastern Holdings Ltd in Singapore.[citation needed]
 St. Christopher's Hospital for Children is a 189 bed non-sectarian children’s hospital located in Philadelphia. It is one of the oldest full-service hospitals in the United States totally dedicated to the care of children. St. Christopher’s Hospital has an academic affiliation with Drexel University College of Medicine and the Temple University School of Medicine.
 Located in Bangor Maine and Portland Maine Bangor Theological Seminary is an ecumenical seminary founded in 1814 in the Congregational tradition of the United Church of Christ. It is the only accredited graduate school of religion in Northern New England The seminary has campuses in Bangor and Portland Maine. Its primary mission is preparation for Christian ministry (now general theological education).
 The Elmo Natali Student Center commonly referred to as The Union is the student union building centrally located on the campus of California University of Pennsylvania (CALU). Originally built in 1968 and renovated and expanded in 1992 the Natali Student Center is home to a large variety of student facilities and activities.Groundbreaking to begin a 40000-square-foot addition and 60000-square-feet of renovations to the Center took place on May 20 2013.
 Parkfairfax is a neighborhood in Alexandria Virginia United States located in the northwestern part of the city near the boundary with Arlington County. Nearby thoroughfares are Interstate 395 (Shirley Highway) State Route 402 (Quaker Lane) and West Glebe Road.The neighborhood consists of 1684 townhouse-type condominium apartments in more than 200 buildings on 132 acres (53 ha) built in 1941 and 1942 by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company of New York at the request of U.S.
 Hotel Princesa Sofia (InterContinental Princesa Sofia Barcelona Hotel Gran Hotel Princesa Sofia) is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1975 has 22 floors and rises 79 meters. Lies near Avinguda Diagonal (Diagonal Avenue).
 The Oeldorf Building also known as Wetherell's Jewelers is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg in Wood County West Virginia United States. It was built in 1906 and is a four-story two bay brick building with a stone foundation and trim in the Classical Revival style.
 St Bartholomew's Church Church Minshull is in the village of Church Minshull Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with those of St Mary Acton St David Wettenhall and St Oswald Worleston.
 Crain Communications Building is a 49-story 582 foot (177 m) skyscraper located at 150 North Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago Illinois. It was also known as the Smurfit-Stone Building and the Stone Container Building and was formerly called the Associates Center.
 Cane Springs Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in College Hill Kentucky.It was built in 1813 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Marycrest College Historic District is located on a bluff overlooking the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The district encompasses the campus of Marycrest International University which was a small private collegiate institution. The school was originally named Marycrest College became Teikyo Marycrest University and finally Marycrest International University after affiliating with a private educational consortium during the 1990s.
 Wyckoff-Snediker Family Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in the Woodhaven section of the New York City borough of Queens. It is located behind St. Matthew's Episcopal Church. It has grave markers that denote burials dating from 1793 to 1892. The cemetery includes 136 members of the Wyckoff and Snediker families as well as other local Dutch families.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 SM Center Angono is an upcoming shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall developer in the Philippines. It is located along Manila East Road Angono Rizal. The mall is scheduled to open in 2014. This is 50th SM Supermall in the Philippines the second along Manila East Road after SM City Taytay and third in Rizal Province after SM City Taytay and SM City Masinag.
 180 Montgomery Street is a 25-story 98 m (322 ft). Class A office building in the financial district of San Francisco California. The building serves as the corporate headquarters for Bank of the West and has offices for other major tenants such as Ameriprise Financial Berlitz Hanjin Shipping Kforce Lexmark Prudential Insurance the Union Labor Life Insurance Company and Western Union.180 Montgomery is owned by a joint venture formed in 2007 between Mitsui FudosanAmerica Inc.
 The Old Lynn High School is a historic school at 50 High Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Italianate building was built in 1850 and opened to students in 1851. Originally five window bays in length it was extended in 1876 by the addition of three bays to reach its present size measuring 45 feet (14 m) by 95 feet (29 m).
 The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania Western Headquarters Building (also known as the Verizon Building) at 201 Stanwix Street in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is an office building that was built for the Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania from 1956 to 1957. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 15 2011.
 Feustmann Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1923 and is a two story gambrel roofed wood frame residence with shed dormers in the front and back. It features three cure porches and is in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Bond at Brickell is a proposed 323 unit residential skyscraper to be built at 1080 Brickell Avenue. The 1080 Brickell site is located near the Tenth Street Metromover station and the Brickell Metrorail station. 1080 Brickell would be located behind the existing 1110 Brickell office building and would actually have frontage on Southeast 1st Avenue not Brickell Avenue.
 The Main Street Museum in White River Junction Vermont is an eclectic display space for material culture and an experiment in a new taxonomy. Originally thought of as an alternative museum the museum's present form and activities resemble the 18th and 19th century cabinet of curiosities and point to an interest in the historic roots of museums and museology.
 The Stafford Reformed Presbyterian Church also known as Covenanter Church is a historic church in Stafford Kansas United States. Constructed in 1913 the building is a small-sized example of Gothic Revival architecture. It replaced an older church built on the same site which was demolished because it had fallen into poor condition. The church itself existed as a part of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America (RPCNA) from 1911 to 1961.
 St. Mary Help of Christians Church is a Catholic parish at the corner of Park Avenue and York Street in Aiken South Carolina. The complex which includes St. Claire's Chapel and St. Mary Help of Christians Church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The original parish church was constructed on this site in 1867. This small building was destroyed by a tornado in 1878. A winter resident of Aiken Celestine E.
 Acadian House is a historic site in St. Martinville Louisiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It is located on Louisiana Highway 31 within Longfellow Evangeline State Park.
 St Mary's Staines is a church in the town and parish of Staines-upon-Thames in the Spelthorne borough of Surrey and the Greater London Urban Area. Located on a rise not far from the Thames at the west end of the town the church is part of the Diocese of London within the Church of England. The church was listed as a Grade II* building on 11 August 1952.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church located at 510 Main Street in Knoxville Tennessee. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was founded in 1843 when a small group of Baptists led by James and John Moses met in the courthouse to adopt Articles of Faith and organize a church. It was affiliated with the Tennessee Association of Baptists but became a member of the Southern Baptist Convention when that body was organized in 1845.
 The House at 418 Blanca Avenue is a historic home in Tampa Florida. It is located at 418 Blanca Avenue. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Stephen's Armenian Apostolic Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Ստեփանոս Հայաստանեայց Առաքելական Եկեղեցի) also known as Soorp Stepanos Church is an Armenian Apostolic church in Watertown Massachusetts.There is a bilingual school next to the church named St. Stephen's Armenian Elementary School.
 Church of St Peter & St Paul is an Church of England parish church in the village of Kingsbury Warwickshire England. It is the only Church of England church in the parish and it dates from the 12th century
 Westshore Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Holland Michigan. It opened in 1988 and is anchored by JCPenney Dunham's Sports and Younkers.
 St. James House of Prayer Episcopal Church also known as the Episcopal House of Prayer is an active Episcopal parish and historic church building in Tampa Florida USA. It is located at 2708 Central Avenue in the city's Tampa Heights neighborhood. On February 21 1991 the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Seattle Great Wheel is a giant Ferris wheel at Pier 57 on Elliott Bay in Seattle Washington United States. With an overall height of 175 feet (53.3 m) it became the tallest Ferris wheel on the west coast of the United States when it opened on June 29 2012.
 Auburn House is a historic home located on the grounds of Towson University in Towson Baltimore County Maryland United States. It was built in 1790 by Charles Ridgely III and stayed in the family until it became part of the Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital property in 1944.
 Sorø Museum is a local history museum is Sorø Denmark. It is housed within an old inn from 1624 one of the oldest buildings in the town.
 St Matthew's Church is an Anglican Parish church in Willesden in the London Borough of Brent. It is situated on the corner of St. Mary's Road and Fawcett Road in Willesden. It was built between 1900 and 1906 designed by William Douglas Caroe and is a Grade II listed building. It is in the deanery of Brent in the archdeaconry of Northolt in the Diocese of London.
 Desert Springs Hospital is for-profit hospital owned and operated by Universal Health Services. This 346-bed hospital is located in Paradise Nevada.
 The Mill Creek Historic District near Bryn Mawr and Gladwyne Pennsylvania is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 10 1980. The area of the historic district was increased on August 30 1996.The area is roughly bounded by the Schuylkill River Mill Cr. Righter's Mill Rose Glen and Monk's Rds.
 The Martin Weber House is a historical residence in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. The house was built in 1867 of rough-cut limestone. It was the home of Catherin and Martin Weber; built by German immigrant stonemasons Jacob Amos and Christian Rhinehardt.The house was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983 as part of the West Seventh Street Early Limestone Houses Thematic Resource along with the Joseph Brings House and Anthony Waldman House.
 The Holyoke Canal System is a system of Power Canals in Holyoke Massachusetts. Its major canals are called the First Level Canal Second Level Canal and Third Level Canal.
 Westfield Fox Valley formerly Fox Valley Center is a shopping mall in Aurora Illinois. Its four anchor stores are Carson Pirie Scott JCPenney Macy's and Sears.Its original anchors included Lord & Taylor which closed in 1996 and sold its store to Carson Pirie Scott.
 The Sydney Tramway Museum is Australia's oldest tramway museum and the largest in the southern hemisphere located in Loftus in the southern suburbs of Sydney.
 Conestoga Town is a historic archaeological site memorializing the Native American tribal village which stood on the site from the late 17th into the mid-18th-century; it is located at what is now Manor Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania.
 The Onawa IOOF Opera House also known as the Onawa Opera House is a historic opera house located in Onawa Iowa. It was built in 1907 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Twin Beach AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church on the east side of CR 44 in Fairhope Alabama. It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 US Post Office-Gouverneur is a historic post office building located at Gouverneur in St. Lawrence County New York. It was designed and built in 1915-1917 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James A. Wetmore. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is a one story five bay masonry structure clad with a low limestone faced foundation.
 The Pontalba Buildings form two sides of Jackson Square in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana.These are matching red-brick one-block-long four‑story buildings built in the 1840s by the Baroness Micaela Almonester Pontalba.
 St Swithun's Church Brookthorpe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Brookthorpe Gloucestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The 58-storey Menara Carigali skyscraper is completed on a plot of land known as Lot C KLCC measuring 1.06 acres (4300 m2) adjacent to KLCC Kuala Lumpur. The building will feature a 6-level extension to the Suria KLCC shopping mall with the rest of the floors above comprising office spaces.
 The Bucerius Kunst Forum is a private art gallery in Hamburg Germany; founded in 2002 through the ZEIT-Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius foundation. It is named for Gerd Bucerius and his wife and located directly beside the Hamburg Rathaus. The gallery shows 4 exhibitions per year in cooperation with other collections. The museum participates in the Long Night of Museums.
 The National Guard Memorial Museum is a military museum hosted by the National Guard Educational Foundation. It is located in northwestern Washington DC near the National Postal Museum Union Station and Georgetown University Law Center.
 The West Chicago City Museum originally the Turner Town Hall is a museum in West Chicago Illinois.
 Dore Abbey is a former Cistercian abbey in the village of Abbey Dore in the Golden Valley Herefordshire England. A large part of the original mediaeval building has been used since the 16th century as the parish church with remaining parts either now ruined or no longer extant.
 Her Majesty's Royal Chapel of the Mohawks is the oldest building in Ontario and the first Protestant Church in Upper Canada. It is one of six Chapels Royal outside of the United Kingdom one of two in Canada the other being Christ Church Royal Chapel in Deseronto Ontario. In 1981 the chapel was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
 Houses at 364 and 390 Van Duzer Street are two historic homes located at Stapleton Staten Island New York. Number 364 Van Duzer Street is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-covered house with a gable roof. It features a tetrastyle portico with 2-story Doric order columns. Number 390 Van Duzer Street is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard-covered house with an original 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. It features a tetrastyle portico with 2-story Corinthian order columns.
 Merkel Mill is a historic grist mill located on Maiden Creek in Greenwich Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was rebuilt in 1875 and is a 2 1/2-story plus basement banked building with a slate gable roof. It measures 40 feet 5 inches by 50 feet 9 inches and has a 100 foot frame storage addition. Also on the property are the contributing watercourses including the dam pond and races.
 Fauske Church (Norwegian: Fauske kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Fauske. The church is part of the Fauske parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1867 and it seats about 280 people.
 Maryland Square later known as Steuart Hall was a mansion owned by the Steuart family from 1795 to 1861 located on the western outskirts of Baltimore Maryland at the present-day junction of West Baltimore and Monroe Streets. In the first year of the American Civil War the property was confiscated by the United States Federal Government as its owner George H.
 Hæstad Church (Norwegian: Hæstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hestad. The church is part of the Dønna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1912 by the architect Victor Nordan. It was consecrated on 11 September 1913. The church seats about 220 people and holds worship services at Christmas and some Sundays in the summer.
 The Liberty Memorial located in Kansas City Missouri USA is a memorial to the soldiers who died in World War I and houses The National World War I Museum as designated by the United States Congress in 2004. Groundbreaking commenced November 1 1921 and the city held a site dedication. The memorial was completed and dedicated on November 11 1926. On September 21 2006 Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne declared Liberty Memorial a National Historic Landmark.
 The Austin Daily Tribune Building later known as the Ernest O. Thompson State Office Building is a Moderne style office building located at 920 Colorado in Austin Texas. It was built in 1941 as the headquarters of the Austin Daily Tribune a short-lived newspaper that ceased publishing in 1942. The State of Texas purchased the building in 1945 and it was renamed in 1965 for Texas Railroad Commissioner Ernest O. Thompson.
 Johannes Eberly House also known as the Old Bricker House is a historic home located at Hampden Township in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1794 and 1798 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone building with a gable roof four bays wide. Its architecture suggests a transition from Georgian to Federal style with a combination of Dutch-German and English building styles.
 The Sod House Ranch is a historic ranch in Harney County in southeastern Oregon United States. The remaining ranch structures are located south of Malheur Lake in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The ranch was built by Peter French a well known 19th-century cattle baron. The Sod House Ranch became the headquarters for the northern operating division of the French-Glenn Livestock Company which eventually covered over 140000 acres (570 km2).
 The Shadow Lawn Historic District	is a historic district in central Austin Texas that boasts a cohesive collection houses built in the southeast portion of Hyde Park during the late 1920s and 1930s.Roughly bounded by 38th Street 39th Street Avenue G and Duval Street the district includes several homes of historic interest from the turn of the twentieth century including the Col. Monroe M. Shipe House Hildreth-Flanagan-Heierman House Frank M. and Annie G.
 The Midland Packing Company is a historic building in Sioux City Iowa that was built in 1919. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Old Stone Church is a historic church on Conway Road at White Road in Chesterfield Missouri.It was built in 1841 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Corinthia Hotel London at the corner of Northumberland Avenue and Whitehall Place in London is a historic luxury hotel and former British Government building located on a triangular site between Trafalgar Square and the Thames Embankment.Originally built as the Metropole Hotel its close location to British Government administration in Whitehall and the Palace of Westminster meant that it was commandeered in both World War I and World War II.
 HM Prison Inverness also known as Porterfield Prison is located in the Crown area of Inverness Scotland and serves the courts of the Highlands and Islands. It covers all the courts in the Western Isles as well as courts from Fort William Wick and Elgin. A small local prison it deals with inmates serving up to 4 years with female prisoners serving up to 2 years.Address: HMP Porterfield Duffy Drive Inverness Highland IV2 3HH
 The Moore-Hill House is a historic house at 82 Franklin Street in Peabody Massachusetts. It is an excellent example of a Gothic Victorian house built in 1878 for W. H. Hill. The 1.5 story wood frame building has a cross gable roof line with the main roof line running crosswise. The front cornice including the central front gable section is decorated with paired brackets (a typical Italianate decoration) and the front windows have decorative surrounds.
 West Richwoods Church & School is a historic site on AR 9 in West Richwoods Arkansas.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 Fort Totten State Historic Site is a historic site in Fort Totten North Dakota.
 Friendly City Building and Jail is a historic town hall and jail located at Friendly Tyler County West Virginia. It was built in 1901 and is a small one story frame building. It has a gable roof and sits on a stone foundation. It has two rooms the meeting room and jail cell. It continues to be used by the town as a meeting place for monthly town board meetings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception (French: Basilique de Notre Dame de l'Immaculée Conception de Lourdes) known widely as the Upper Church is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica within the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes in France. Constructed between 1866 and 1872 and consecrated in 1876 it was the second of the churches to be completed.
 The Martin Foard House is a house located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Grice-Fearing House is the oldest house (ca. 1798) in Elizabeth City North Carolina located at 200 South Road Street. It is a contributing property in the Shepard Street-South Road Street Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was originally built for Francis Grice. After his death his widow Mary married Isaiah Fearing thus providing the house with its name.The house is now operated as a two-suite bed and breakfast.
 Rye Particular Baptist Chapel is a former Strict Baptist place of worship in Rye an ancient hilltop town in Rother one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex. Built in the 18th century on the site of a decaying Quaker meeting house it served Baptists in the town for many years until a new chapel was constructed nearby. The chapel is a Grade II Listed building.
 The Ibn Marwan Mosque (Arabic: جامع ابن مروان‎ transl: Jami' Ibn Marwan) is a Mamluk-era mosque in Gaza in the midst of a cemetery in the Tuffah neighborhood relatively isolated from the rest of the city. Inside is the tomb of a holy man named Sheikh Ali ibn Marwan who belonged to the Hasani family. The Hasani family came from Morocco and settled in Gaza where Ibn Marwan died in 1314 CE. The cemetery is also named after Ibn Marwan. The mosque itself was built in 1324.
 The Gateway is a mixed-use tower in New Brunswick New Jersey adjacent to the Northeast Corridor Line New Brunswick rail station. It was proposed in February 2005 by DEVCO as part of the Easton-Somerset redevelopment area. Several businesses were relocated from the site during 2008 and 2009.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is a former cathedral church located in Amarillo Texas United States. It was the seat of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1927 to 1975.
 The Building at 171–177 Clinton Street also known as Bruun and Co. and Afga Ansco No. 99 is a historic commercial building located at Binghamton in Broome County New York. It is a two-story two part brick commercial block built in 1920. The first floor is divided into four storefronts and the second floor contains the remnants of offices and apartments.
 Haugham Priory was a Benedictine priory in Lincolnshire England.The priory of Haugham was built upon land granted by Hugh earl of Chester at the end of the 11th century to the abbot and convent of Saint Severus in the diocese of Coutances. It is likely that it was only intended for the support of one or two monks.
 The Cultural Education Center is attached to the south side of the Empire State Plaza in Albany New York United States. Specifically located on Madison Avenue it faces northward towards the New York State Capitol building. Construction of the building which was designed in the Brutalist style was completed in 1961.
 Great Limber Preceptory Limber Magna was a Camera (farm) of the Knights Templar and later the Knights Hospitaller in the village of Great Limber (or Limber Magna) Lincolnshire England.The manor and church of Great Limber were granted by Richard de Humet of Normandy France and Agnes his wife to the Cistercian abbey of Aunay in Normandy and their charter was confirmed by King Henry II in 1157. It seems likely that the property was a grange rather than a priory.
 Oak Square School is a historic school at 35 Nonantum Street in Brighton Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The school was designed by Edmund March Wheelwright who designed a wide variety of Boston landmark buildings. It was built in 1894 on the site of Breck Gardens and had a major addition in 1923. When it closed in 1981 it was the last wood schoolhouse in Boston. It was converted to housing in 1984.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Stover-Winger Farm also known as Tayamentasachta is a historic farm complex located at Antrim Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The house was built in the 1840s or 1850s and is a two-story four-bay T-shaped brick dwelling. It has a two-story three-bay brick cased log wing. It has a one-story shed-roofed porch along three sides.
 St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at St. Inigoes St. Mary's County Maryland. It and its adjacent cemetery are situated on about two acres of land that are enclosed within a late-19th century iron fence. The church was constructed between 1785 and 1787 with the sacristy added in 1817. The church walls are 21 inches thick of brick laid in Flemish bond.
 Yakutsk Television Tower (Russian: Якутская телебашня) also known as RTPC Jakutsk (PТПК Якутск) and/or RTPTS Yakutsk (РТПЦ Якутск) is a steel 242-meter (794 ft) tall lattice television tower in the city of Yakutsk Sakha Republic Russia. It was built in 1982. The Yakutsk TV Tower has been utilized since the year it was built for transmitting FM-/TV-broadcasting throughout Yakutsk.
 Tōdai-ji (東大寺 Eastern Great Temple) is a Buddhist temple complex located in the city of Nara Japan. Its Great Buddha Hall (大仏殿 Daibutsuden) houses the world's largest bronze statue of the Buddha Vairocana known in Japanese simply as Daibutsu (大仏?). The temple also serves as the Japanese headquarters of the Kegon school of Buddhism.
 Hamilton Grange National Memorial is a National Park Service site in St. Nicholas Park New York City that preserves the relocated home of U.S. Founding Father Alexander Hamilton.
 The Giuseppe Verdi Monument is a sculpture in honor of composer Giuseppe Verdi located in Verdi Square Park in New York City.
 The James J. Hill Reference Library is a public business research library in downtown Saint Paul Minnesota. It is open to the public and its resources can be used for free on site. In addition the Hill Library hosts business and social events in its historic reading room. The library is part of the civic legacy of James J.
 Jonathan Wallace House is a historic home located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1828 and is a two story five bay hipped roof Federal style residence with a two story rear wing built about 1846. The main block and wing are constructed of red Potsdam Sandstone in the slab and binder style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Salem Village Historic District encompasses a collection of properties from the early center of Salem Village as Danvers Massachusetts was known in the 17th century. The district includes an irregular pattern of properties along Centre Hobart Ingersoll and Collins Streets as far north as Brentwood Circle and south to Mello Parkway.
 Daddy Frye's Hill Cemetery founded in 1728 is a historic cemetery at East and Arlington Streets in Methuen Massachusetts. The cemetery is more commonly known as Meeting House Hill so named because on this site was erected the first Meeting House 1728-1796 the Second Meeting House 1798-1832. This building was removed in 1832 and replaced by the present stone church in 1855 which retains some of the timbers from the 1796 structure.
 Ira B. Sweet House is a historic house at 38 Esmond Street in Smithfield Rhode Island.The Second Empire style house was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Woodbury Common Premium Outlets is an outlet center located in Central Valley New York. The center is owned by Premium Outlets a subsidiary of Simon Property Group and takes its name from the town in which it is located. Opened in late 1985 expanded in 1993 and again in 1998 the center now has 220 stores occupying more than 800000 square feet (72000 m²) and is one of the largest contiguous outlet centers in the world.
 The National Taiwan Museum (Chinese: 國立台灣博物館; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Bówùguǎn) established in 1908 is the oldest museum in Taiwan. It was set up by the colonial government during Japanese rule in Taiwan. It is located in Taipei.
 The Catedral de San Felipe Apóstol or in English the Cathedral of St. Philip the Apostle is a Catholic cathedral located in Arecibo Puerto Rico United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Arecibo .The Cathedral of Saint Philip the Apostle was built beginning in the late 18th century. The first church built in the middle of the 17th century was destroyed by an earthquake in 1787. Construction of its replacement began soon after although it was not completed until 1846.
 The Norad Mill is a historic mill located at 60 Roberts Drive between Massachusetts Avenue and Route 2 (State Road) in North Adams Massachusetts. It is the oldest mill complex in North Adams that has not had its exterior significantly altered making visible much of its Italianate styling. It was built in 1863 by Sanford Blackinton one of North Adams' leading mill owners and operated as the North Adams Woolen Company.
 Samuel Penney House is a historic house at 78 Maple Street in Mechanic Falls Maine.The house was completed in 1902 by William R. Miller and is considered the finest example of his residential work. It was originally one of two identical houses that stood side-by-side until the early 1920s when the Almont Penney house was split into two houses and moved a couple of blocks away. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Willsboro Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church on NY 22 in Willsboro Essex County New York. It was built in 1834 and is a simple rectangular limestone building with a gable roof. It features an engaged bell tower at the east gable end.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469 is a historic Grange hall located at 2064 Upper River Road in Grants Pass Oregon. It was built in 1923 in the bungalow craftsman style.On March 9 1992 Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The Grange hall was destroyed by fire on June 18 2012. The local Grange organization remains an active part of the Oregon State Grange.
 Little England is a historic plantation home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. The plantation dates to a 1651 land grant to the Perrin family by Governor William Berkeley. Capt. John Perrin built the house on a point of land overlooking the York River directly across from Yorktown in 1716 with plans reputed to have been drawn by Christopher Wren. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay gable roofed brick dwelling in the Georgian style. A 1 1/2-story frame wing was added in 1954.
 Fresno Pacific Towers formerly the Security Pacific Bank Building is a 15-storey 67 m (220 ft) skyscraper completed in 1925 in downtown Fresno California. The mostly-vacant building stood as the tallest in the city 80 years until the Robert E. Coyle United States Courthouse was completed in 2005.
 Revonah Manor Historic District is a 23.1-acre (9.3 ha) historic district in Stamford Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It then included 39 contributing buildings.Among its architecture it includes a single retardataire Queen Anne style house.
 Doonagore Castle is a round 16th-century tower house with a small walled enclosure located about 1 km above the coastal village of Doolin in County Clare Ireland. Its name may mean the fort of the rounded hills or the fort of the goats; it sits on a hill overlooking Doolin Point and along with a nearby higher radio mast is used as a navigational point by boats approaching Doolin Pier.
 Hamza Bey Mosque is a 15th-century Ottoman Mosque in Thessaloniki Greece. Modern Thessalonians commonly know it as Alkazar after a cinema that operated in the premises for decades.
 Wittenham Clumps is the common name for a pair of wooded chalk hills in the Thames Valley in the civil parish of Little Wittenham in Oxfordshire (part of Berkshire until 1974).The higher of the two Round Hill is 390 feet (120 m) above sea-level. The 350 feet (110 m) Castle Hill is about 380 yards (350 m) south-east and was the site of an Iron Age hill fort.
 The Château de Castelnou (also called the Château Vicomtal) is a medieval castle in the commune of Castelnou (Catalan: Castellnou dels Aspres) in the French département of Pyrénées-Orientales.The village of Castelnou takes its name from the castle. The Latin castellum novum became in Catalan castell nou the new castle.
 The Dundee Museum of Transport located in Dundee Scotland officially opened to the public on April 26 2014.The museum is currently housed in temporary accommodation on Market Street (in the Market Mews). The museum's organisers hope to relocate it to permanent premises at the Maryfield Tram Depot in the Stobswell area of the city.
 The lieu unique is the national center for contemporary arts and music venue in Nantes France. Opened on January 1 2000 it is housed in a former biscuit factory at the center of the city. It was founded by Jean Blaise and is now directed (since January 2011) by Patrick Gyger.
 The John Rogers House built in 1761 is an historic home believed to be the oldest existing structure in West Windsor Township near Princeton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 31 1978.The home has been listed by Preservation New Jersey on its list of endangered historic sites as the local and county historical societies disagree about the preservation of the building.
 Chester Priory was a priory of Benedictine nuns in Cheshire England probably established in the 12th century. The priory was dissolved in 1540.
 100 Bishopsgate is a development of two mixed-use buildings approved for construction on Bishopsgate in London. The site is situated in an emerging cluster of high-rise buildings on the eastern edge of the City of London financial district.Building 1 on the site is proposed to be a 40-storey tower comprising five contiguous podium floors of 44000 sq ft each and 32 office floors of between 19000 sq ft and 25000 sq ft.
 The Cherrydale Volunteer Fire House is home to the Cherrydale Volunteer Fire Department in the Cherrydale neighborhood of Arlington Virginia. Constructed in 1919 it has been a focal point for community attention and affection ever since. The building served as Arlington County Fire Station #3 until a new station opened nearby in July 2011. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1995
 The Champlain Valley Transportation Museum in Plattsburgh New York United States originally founded in 2000 to be a museum dedicated to the history of Lozier Motors has grown in scope to cover all the transportation in the region. It includes artifacts and displays on the history of land and water based transportation in the region especially on Lake Champlain and the St.
 The Corkish Apartments is a building complex located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Emigration Canyon is a CDP township and canyon in Salt Lake County Utah United States located east of Salt Lake City in the Wasatch Range. Beginning at the southern end of the University of Utah the canyon itself heads east and northeast between Salt Lake City and Morgan County. The boundaries of the CDP and township are coextensive; they do not extend to the county line. As of the 2010 census the population was 1567.Emigration Canyon was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
 The Jewish Children's Museum is the largest Jewish-themed children's museum in the United States. It aims for children of all faiths and backgrounds to gain a positive perspective and awareness of the Jewish heritage fostering tolerance and understanding. The permanent collection features exhibits designed to be both educational and entertaining to children often employing interactive multimedia.
 The Grand Choral Synagogue of St. Petersburg (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская Большая Хоральная Синагога) sometimes called the St. Petersburg Synagogue is the second largest synagogue in Europe. It was built between 1880 and 1888 and consecrated in 1893. Poet Osip Mandelstam called the Petersburg Synagogue a lavish outstandish seductress.
 The Cooksville Cheese Factory is located in Evansville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Cathedral of Saint Eugene is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. It is the mother church and seat of the residential bishop of the Diocese of Santa Rosa in California. It is located in the City of Santa Rosa. The parish was founded in 1950 and it became a cathedral when the Diocese of Santa Rosa was established by Blessed John XXIII on January 13 1962.
 Mashpee Commons is located in Mashpee Massachusetts United States. It is an open air shopping center that is built in the style of New England town centers. It is world renowned winning many awards and recognitions over the years because of its style.
 Centre County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1805 with additions and / or remodeling in 1835 1854-55 1909 and 1963-64. It is a rectangular brick building on a stone foundation measuring 135 feet long by 60 feet wide. The building is faced in stucco and has a gable roof topped by a cupola.
 Hopewell School is a historic school located on Monroe Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1914 and designed by the Boston firm of Kilham & Hopkins in the Renaissance revival style.
 Hardeman County Correctional Center is a privately operated prison for men located in Whiteville Hardeman County Tennessee. The facility opened in 1997 and has a capacity of 1976 medium-security inmates.Whiteville is the location of another prison the Whiteville Correctional Facility less than a mile north of HCCC and on the same road. It is also owned and operated by CCA opened in 2002 and also houses medium-security prisoners for the state.
 Stadttheater Düren was a theatre in Düren North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The house was built from 1905 to 1907 to a design by Carl Moritz the architect of the opera house in Cologne on what is now the Hoeschplatz. A Düren businessman Eberhard Hoesch had donated 500000 Marks for a new theatre; until then performances had been held at inns. After only 14 months of construction the theatre opened on 17 January 1907. The house in Jugendstil style seated 700 people.
 The Rachel Louise Hawthorne House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Place Versailles is a super regional mall located at the corner of Sherbrooke Street East and Highway 25 in the Mercier–Hochelaga-Maisonneuve borough of Montreal Quebec Canada. At more than 1100000 square feet (100000 m2) with 225 stores it is the largest shopping centre on the island of Montreal. Its anchors are Maxi Winners/HomeSense Bureau en Gros and Target.
 The Twin Bridge near Brownlee Nebraska is a steel stringer bridge with a timber roadbed that was built in 1900 by the Wrought Iron Bridge Co. of Canton Ohio. Also known as the North Loup River Bridge and denoted as NEHBS No. CE00-223 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It brings a Cherry County road over the North Loup River 7.9 miles northwest of Brownlee.
 The Charles C. Fitch Farmstead is a property located in Eugene Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Dr. S.W. Hill Drug Store in or near Regent North Dakota United States was built in 1910. It has also been known as the Hettinger County Historical Society Museum. It is an example of Early Commercial architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. In 1980 it was serving as the Hettinger County Historical Society Museum.
 The Jenckes Mansion is an historic house at 837 Social Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1828 in a Federal style and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The Hood-Anderson Farm is a historic home and farm located in Eagle Rock North Carolina a suburb of the state capital Raleigh. The house was built in 1839 and is an example of Greek Revival architecture. In April 1999 the Hood-Anderson Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Mayapada Tower formerly Bank Dharmala Tower is a 20-story office building located on Jalan Jend Sudirman Kav 28 Jakarta Indonesia. Jalan Sudirman is considered the CBD of Jakarta and is the most prime location for office towers in Jakarta.
 The Waikiki Natatorium War Memorial is a war memorial in Honolulu Hawaii USA built in the form of an ocean water public swimming pool. The natatorium was built as living memorial dedicated to the men and women who served during the great war (now known as World War I).
 Brighton and Hove Reform Synagogue is a synagogue in Hove. It has 500 adult members.
 Uniontown Academy is a historic school located at Uniontown Carroll County Maryland United States. It is a one-story building of brick with a stone foundation constructed in 1851 and is said to be a replica of the earlier 1810 structure. It is three bays wide and three bays long with a gable roof. The front facade features a false front effect with its corbeled or stepped setbacks derived from a traditional Dutch style often seen in the false store fronts of western towns.
 The Samuel F. Glass House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Pleasant View.It was the plantation house of one of the three largest plantations in Williamson County prior to the American Civil War having more than 1000 acres (400 ha) in area and having many slaves. Other contenders for the largest antebellum plantation are the plantations of Beechwood Hall (the H. G. W.
 Milton Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Milton Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It was designed by W.G. Wilkins Co.. It was built in 1922 and expanded in 1930. It is a T-plan building consisting of a two-story administration building with a one-story drill hall executed in the Tudor Revival style. It is constructed of brick and sits on a concrete foundation.
 The Lovell General Hospital East is a former hospital at Fort Devens. It was named after the first Surgeon General of the United States Army Joseph Lovell. After its closure it was redeveloped into the United States Army Intelligence School.
 The St. Nicholas Hotel originally called the Claim House was located near 12th and Jackson Streets in present-day downtown Omaha Nebraska. It was the first building in Omaha the first hotel and hosted the first church service in Omaha. The Omaha Claim Club met in the building regularly as well.
 Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium (National Sanatorium Okinawa Airakuen) is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients at Sumuide Nago Okinawa Japan starting in 1938.
 The Hotel Casino Carrasco is a historic hotel and casino in Carrasco of Montevideo Uruguay. It currently operates as the Hotel Sofitel Montevideo Casino Carrasco and Spa.
 Strickland's Frozen Custard is an American ice cream chain based in Akron Ohio and with 14 locations in Ohio Florida California and South Carolina. The chain was founded in 1936 by Bill and Florence Strickland of Akron. Strickland's makes its ice cream fresh on-site daily and generally serves only three or four flavors a day. Despite the chain's name Strickland's product does not contain egg yolks and so is legally not frozen custard.
 The Walter C. Lyne House at 135 East South Temple St. in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It was built for Walter C. Lyne and is considered to be the finest remaining work of Jasper N. Melton a local builder who also designed the homes he built.
 The Tampere Cathedral (Finnish Tampereen tuomiokirkko Swedish Tammerfors domkyrka) is a church in Tampere Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Tampere. The building was designed in the National Romantic style by Lars Sonck and built between 1902 and 1907.The cathedral is famous for its frescoes painted by the symbolist Hugo Simberg between 1905 and 1906.
 Pantages Tower is a condominium and boutique hotel built near the Ed Mirvish Theatre in Toronto Ontario Canada. At 139.6 metres and 45 floors the glass tower was completed in 2003. The Postmodern tower was designed by Moshe Safdie and Core Architects Inc for developers Dundee Corp and Intracorp.Acclaimed British Milliner Nick Smith resided at the hotel for several months in 2006 to write his début novel Rock Royalty: Diary of a Supermodel.
 Abu Dhabi Mall is a mall in Abu Dhabi. It opened on 2001. It has over 200 shops.
 The King Opera House is a performance hall located on Van Buren Arkansas's Main Street. Since it was built in the late 19th century the opera house's stage has hosted many plays and performers. The King Opera House is a contributing property to the Van Buren Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in Wimbledon South West London initially run by the Jesuits that serves the Catholic community of Wimbledon and surrounding areas. It is in the Archdiocese of Southwark and is situated next to Wimbledon College and Donhead Preparatory School. The main entrance to the church is on Edge Hill road but the church can also be accessed from the adjacent Darlaston Road.
 Colonnades Shopping Centre is one of the largest shopping centres in Adelaide South Australia. The shopping centre is located in the City of Onkaparinga in the suburb of Noarlunga Centre. Colonnades is located on a large allotment of land with access from Goldsmith Drive Beach Road and Burgess Road.
 The Jacksonville Maritime Museum (JMM) - now known as the Jacksonville Maritime Heritage Center - tells the maritime history of Jacksonville Florida USA and the First Coast through its connection to the St. Johns River and the Atlantic Ocean. Its collection includes large scale models of ships from the Mayflower to present day vessels as well as paintings photographs and artifacts dating to 1562.
 The Sumpter Valley Railway Middle Fork (John Day River) Spur near Bates Oregon was built in 1916. Also known as the Oregon Lumber Company Railroad it was designed by engineer Joseph A. West. A linear historic district including 16.2 miles out of 23 original miles on the spur from near Bates Oregon to the Mitchell Tract historic end of the railroad was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Confederate Monument of Bardstown in Bardstown Kentucky was erected in 1903 in the Bardstown/St. Joseph's Cemetery to honor the sacrifice of 67 Confederate soldiers who died during the American Civil War 17 of which are unknown. Most were under the command of Major General Braxton Bragg who died in 1862 in conflicts around Bardstown. It was dedicated by the J. Crepps Wickliffe Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy.
 Stephen Meredith House is a historic home located in South Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1844 and is a two-story three bay by four bay stone dwelling in the Greek Revival style. The front facade features a pedimented portico with Doric order columns. Also on the property is a contributing barn dated to about 1780-1790 and a stone arch bridge dated to about 1844.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Aberdare Hall (Welsh: Neuadd Aberdar) is a hall of residence at Cardiff University and is located in Cardiff Wales.
 The Children's Hospital of Winnipeg is a children's hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba. It is located on the campus of the Health Sciences Centre near downtown Winnipeg and is expressly devoted to the health care of children.The hospital was founded in 1909 and was staffed by one nurse and volunteer doctors and surgeons.
 House at 195 Prospect Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a two story house with decorative slate jerkinhead roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a three bay shed roof dormer that forms the second floor and covers the entrance porch. It is identical to the House at 199 Prospect Avenue.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Point Reyes Lifeboat Station also known as Point Reyes Lifeboat Rescue Station was built in 1927 by the United States Lifesaving Service (precursor to the United States Coast Guard). It used rail launched 36 foot motorized lifeboats to aid ships foundering on Point Reyes. It was a replacement to another station that was built in 1888 on a bluff overlooking South Point Reyes Beach.
 Tower Psychiatric Hospital is a government funded Psychiatric hospital and Rehabilitation Centre in the Nkonkobe Local Municipality area of Fort Beaufort Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include a Rehabilitation Centre Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Rokeby also known as La Bergerie is a historic estate and federally recognized historic district located at Barrytown in Dutchess County New York. It includes seven contributing buildings and one contributing structures. The original section of the main house was built 1811–1815. It started as a rectangular 2-story structure with a hipped roof topped by a square pyramidal-roofed cupola. It features a Palladian window.
 The Château de Latoue is a castle in the commune of Latoue in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Construction began in the 12th century with major additions and alterations in the 13th 16th and 18th centuries.Privately owned it has been listed since 1979 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Povington Priory was a Benedictine priory in Tyneham Dorset England. Established as an alien priory to the Abbey of Bec. Wool and English ewe's milk cheese produced here were shipped to the Mother House via the docks at Wareham.Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries the lands were passed to St. Anthony's Hospital London
 The Château d'Angers is a castle in the city of Angers in the Loire Valley in the département of Maine-et-Loire in France. Founded in the 9th century by the Counts of Anjou was expanded to its current size in the 13th century. It is located overhanging the river Maine. Now open to the public the Château d'Angers is home of the Apocalypse Tapestry.
 Grace Episcopal Church also known as Grace Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at 203 West Main Street in Buena Vista Chaffee County Colorado. Built in 1889 by the Lannan Brothers its Carpenter Gothic details include board and batten siding lancet windows and door openings and buttresses. On January 20 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The North Atlantic Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located in the town of Gander Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.
 Melia Barcelona Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 1972 has 23 floors and rises 83 metres. It is part of Meliá Hotels International. The hotel has 333 rooms.
 The Union Warehouse is located in Denver Colorado. It was built in 1882 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 3 1982.
 Scotchtown Cemetery is a historic vernacular rural cemetery located near Erin in Chemung County New York. The cemetery includes a variety of monuments dating from the cemetery's founding in about 1880 to the present with the majority before about 1950. Prior to 1880 the land was a burial ground for the local Presbyterian church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Melius-Bentley House is a historic home located in the towns of Ancram Columbia County and Pine Plains Dutchess County New York. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 11 1982 and preserves several rare architectural features. The house is situated on a 24.8-acre (10.0 ha) parcel of wooded land on Mount Ross Road (County Route 50). The lot is divided by the Dutchess–Columbia County border.
 The O. J. Daniels House is a historic house located 4.75 miles (7.64 km) south of Jerome Idaho. The lava rock house was constructed circa 1928 for farmer O. J. Daniels. While the home's craftsmanship resembles works by stonemason Marland Cox its builder has not been determined.
 The Old House is a former farmhouse in Harrietsham Kent built around 1500 and described as unusually well preserved.The house is a two-storey timber framed structure with a steeply pitched plain tiled hipped roof. The right and left ends of the front façade and the two end façades are jettied with moulded bressumer beams carrying the load of the upper floor. Windows of various sizes and dates provide illumination to the interior.
 The Downtown Presbyterian Church in Nashville Tennessee affiliated with Presbyterian Church (USA) was formerly known as First Presbyterian Church. The church is located at the corner of Fifth Avenue and Church Street. As Old First Presbyterian Church it is designated a National Historic Landmark.The congregation began worshiping at this site in 1816. The first structure burned down in 1832 and a second sanctuary was constructed the same year.
 St. Luke's Church is a Roman Catholic parish located in Defence Colony B-68 New Delhi India. It is under the administration of the Archdiocese of Delhi. The building was constructed in 1979.The Defence Colony was a district set aside for housing armed forces personnel. The original church was built on a vacant residential plot.The present Parish Priest is Fr.James Peter Raj and Asst. Parish Priest is Fr.
 German Evangelical Zion Lutheran Church now known as Tabernacle Baptist Church is a historic Lutheran church at Capital and Herr Streets in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. The church was built in 1886 and is a two-story brick building in a modified Gothic style. It features a three story square bell tower with large oval windows and brick tracery.
 The David Gordon House and Collins Log Cabin were built in 1818 as some of the first permanent dwellings in Columbia Missouri. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The House has since been relocated from Stephens Lake Park to the campus of the Boone County Historical Society.
 Red House is an historic house at 2403 Post Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1732 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Walter V. Smith House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hobart Historical Center (also known as Hobart Masonic Hall) is a historic building located in the village of Hobart in Delaware County New York United States. It was originally constructed in 1889 as a meeting hall for St. Andrew's Lodge No. 289 (a local Masonic Lodge that no longer exists). The building is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame building on a rubble stone foundation in the Stick-Eastlake style. The building is rectangular in shape with a small cross gable wing on the west elevation.
 Capitol Centre (previously: Capitol Exchange Centre) is an indoor shopping centre in the city of Cardiff Wales.
 The Old Governor's Mansion also known as Lieutenant Governor's Mansion is located at 420 High Street Frankfort Kentucky. It is reputed to be the oldest official executive residence officially still in use in the United States as the mansion is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.[citation needed]In 1796 the Kentucky General Assembly appropriated funds to provide houses to accommodate the governor and construction was completed in 1798.
 Charles Y. Audenried Junior High School was a historic school building located in the Grays Ferry neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1930-1931. It was a three-story 15 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It featured two projecting entrances with stone surrounds a central entrance with four Doric order columns projecting brick pilasters and a brick parapet.
 The Faraway Ranch Historic District is part of Chiricahua National Monument in Arizona and preserves an area associated with the final conflicts with the local Apache as well as one of the last frontier settlements. In particular it is associated with the people who promoted the establishment of Chiricahua National Monument.Bonita Canyon lies at an approximate altitude of 5160 feet.
 The present St Mary's Church is located in the centre of the small village of Clophill between Bedford and Luton in the South Midlands of England. The new church built in 1848 replaced the old church by order of the Church Commissioners in 1850. The old church building formally The Church of St Mary The Virgin (shortened to The Church of St Mary) and known colloquially as Old St Mary's or The Old Parish Church is at the edge of the village and is estimated to be around 650 years old.
 The Radisson Royal Hotel Moscow is a historic five-star luxury hotel in Moscow city centre on a bend of the Moskva River managed by the Rezidor Hotel Group. It still maintains its well-known former name of Hotel Ukraina for some purposes.
 The Boca Raton Old City Hall (labeled as Town Hall on signs) is a historic site in Boca Raton Florida United States. It is located at 71 North Federal Highway. The former city hall now houses a historical museum. On October 16 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. On April 18 2012 the AIA's Florida Chapter placed it on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places as Boca Raton Town Hall.
 The Globe Tobacco Building is a manufacturing building located at 407 East Fort Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It is the oldest tobacco manufactory extant in Detroit and is listed by the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Cross is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston and is the largest Roman Catholic church in New England.When construction was finished the cathedral rivaled both Old South Church and Trinity Church in grandeur signalling the emergence of Roman Catholics in what was at the time of construction a largely Protestant city and state.The cathedral is located in the city's South End neighborhood at 1400 Washington St. Boston MA 02118.
 The Moravská gobelínová manufaktura — MGM is a tapestry manufactory located in the town of Valašské Meziříčí in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic. The manufactory has been involved in the area of handmade classical and artistic tapestries restoring and also creating new pieces with modern themes for more than fifty years.
 The Proffit Historic District is a national historic district located at Proffit Albemarle County Virginia. It encompasses 26 contributing buildings and 3 contributing sites in the historic center of Proffit.
 Deerhurst Resort in Huntsville Ontario is two hours north of Toronto in Ontario's Muskoka region bordering the Algonquin Provincial Park. The resort dates from 1896 when it was first opened by English entrepreneur Charles Waterhouse. The lakeside hotel was the central venue of the 36th G8 summit in 2010.
 Saint Sophia Cathedral (Russian: Софийский собор) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral the oldest surviving building in the city of Vologda. It was constructed between 1568 and 1570 under personal supervision of Tsar Ivan the Terrible in the period when Vologda was the capital of the Oprichnina lands in Russia and completed in 1587.
 The Château de Saint-Cloud was a palace in France built on a site overlooking the Seine at Saint-Cloud in Hauts-de-Seine about 5 kilometres west of Paris. On the site of the former palace there is currently a large park the Parc de Saint-Cloud that is owned by the state.The château was expanded by Phillipe de France duc d'Orléans in the 17th century and finally enlarged by Marie Antoinette in the 1780s.
 The Château d'Ancenis is a castle in the town and commune of Ancenis in the Loire-Atlantique département of France. The castle built in 984 is on the bank of the Loire. It originally consisted of a motte-and-bailey castle. It had simple defences including a moat and a palissade with an encloseure to shelter the population. Owing to its location it rapidly developed as an ideal place for surveillance of the river exercising military and economic control.
 The National Evangelical Church of Beirut (NEC) is the first native Arabic Protestant congregation in the Middle East.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at Lake View Drive and Weber Street in Trenton North Carolina.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 Temple Adas Israel is a historic synagogue located at the intersection of Washington and College Streets in Brownsville Tennessee United States. Built in 1882 it is the oldest synagogue building in Tennessee and one of fewer than a hundred surviving 19th century synagogues in the country. On January 19 1979 Temple Adas Israel was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Martha's AME Church and Parsonage is a historic site at the southwest corner of Main and Canada in Highland Kansas United States. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 The Château de Frôlois is a ruined castle in the commune of Frôlois in the Côte-d'Or département of France.The original castle was constructed in the 13th century; alterations were made in the 14th and 18th centuries. The Château de Frôlois is privately owned. It has been listed since 1977 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Woodlawn Historic District in Iowa City Iowa was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Knox Street Historic District is primarily located along one block of that street in the Park South neighborhood of Albany New York United States. Its contributing properties are several groups of attached rowhouses.
 The Wilton Historic District is a historic district of early 20th Century houses (some dating to 1904) in Los Angeles California bounded by South Wilton Drive Ridgewood Place and South Wilton Places. Many of the houses are in the Craftsman style though some are Colonial Revival. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 South Okanagan General Hospital is a psychiatric hospital operating under the governance of Interior Health. It is located in the town of Oliver British Columbia Canada on 7139 362 Avenue.It was founded in 1973 as a replacement for the St. Martin's Hospital. The hospital has obtained $CAN200000 for emergency care also having lost a number of beds at the hospital needed for patients. It operates an emergency service.
 The Protestant church of Oudega or Saint Agnes church is a religious building in Oudega Netherlands one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.The Romanesque church was built in the early 12th century out of tuffstone and has a tower from c. 1250. In the 14th century the church was lengthened with a straight closed choirThe monumental Pipe organ was built in 1875 by L. van Dam & Zn.
 The John Downing Jr. House is a historic house in downtown Middleport a village located on the banks of the Ohio River in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in 1859 it was the home of prominent Middleport resident John B. Downing. Known to his intimates as Major Downing he worked for much of his life as a pilot for riverboats on the Mississippi River.
 St Mary's Church Pentraeth is a small medieval parish church in the village of Pentraeth in Anglesey north Wales. The date of construction is unknown but is probably from some time between the 12th to 14th centuries. A church dedicated to St Mary was recorded here in 1254 but there is a tradition that there was an older church dedicated to St Geraint an early British saint.
 The Cathedral of the Dormition (Russian: Успенский Собор or Uspensky sobor) is a Russian Orthodox church dedicated to the Dormition of the Theotokos. It is located on the north side of Cathedral Square of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia where a narrow alley separates the north from the Patriarch's Palace with the Twelve Apostles Church. Southwest is Ivan the Great Bell Tower. Separately in the southwest also separated by a narrow passage from the church is the Palace of Facets.
 Upaya Institute and Zen Center is a center for residential Zen practice located in Santa Fe New Mexico and founded by Joan Halifax Roshi. The center focuses on integration of Zen practice with social action with traditional cultivation of wisdom and compassion in the Buddhist sense. It also provides service in the areas of death and dying prison work environment women's rights and peace work. According to the Upaya website in 2002 Joan Halifax founded the Prajna Mountain Buddhist Order.
 The Château de Turenne is a castle in the Corrèze département of France.
 Tjolöholm Castle (Swedish: Tjolöholms slott) is a country house built 1898-1904 in Halland Sweden. It is located on a peninsula in the Kungsbacka Fjord on the Kattegat coast. Tjoloholm Castle was designed in the Arts and Crafts style by architect Lars Israel Wahlmann.In 2010 Danish film director Lars Von Trier shot the exterior scenes of the film Melancholia at the castle. The film premiered at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
 Lackawanna Avenue Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located in Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 69 contributing buildings in a variety of architectural styles including Late Victorian Classical Revival and Art Deco. The buildings are mostly three- to four-stories in height and three to five bays wide. Located in the district and separately listed is the Dime Bank Building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Washington Irving Memorial is located at Broadway (US 9) and West Sunnyside Lane in Irvington New York. It features a bust of Irving and sculptures of two of his better-known characters by Daniel Chester French set in a small stone plaza at the street corner designed by Charles A. Platt.
 Church of St. John the Warrior on Yakimanka Street (Russian: Церковь Иоанна Воина Tserkov' Ivana Voina) is a Russian Orthodox church in Yakimanka District of Moscow (55°43′57″N 37°36′40″E) erected in 1704-1717 during the reign of Peter the Great. It is attributed to architect Ivan Zarudny. The church address is 46 Bolshaya Yakimanka.
 The Karshner museum also known as Paul H. Karshner Memorial Museum  is a natural history museum located at 309 4th Street NE Puyallup Washington. It is one of the only museums owned by a local school district.
 Hathaway Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built in 1900 and is a two story three bay wood frame residence with a jerkin-head roof and a prominent jerkin-head dormer and cure porch on the second floor over the first floor verandah.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 US Bank Centre is a 177 m (581 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington. It was constructed from 1987 to 1989 and has 44 floors. It is the eighth tallest building in Seattle and was designed by Callison Architecture. It opened as Pacific First Centre and has 289000 m2 (3110000 sq ft) of office space.
 Paxton Place is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built about 1824 and is a 2 1/2-story four-bay Federal style brick dwelling. It has a side gable roof and two interior chimneys connected by a curtain. The house has been occupied by the Shisler Funeral Home and the Loyal Order of Moose Lodge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Reading Town Hall is the town hall for the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. The town hall was built in several phases between 1786 and 1897 although the principal facade was designed by Alfred Waterhouse in 1875.
 Evans Metropolitan AME Zion Church is a historic church at 301 N. Cool Spring Street in Fayetteville North Carolina.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Strindberg Museum (Swedish: Strindbergsmuseet) is a museum in Stockholm Sweden dedicated to the writer August Strindberg and located in his last dwelling in the house he nicknamed Blå tornet (The Blue Tower) on 85 Drottninggatan at the corner of Drottninggatan and Tegnérgatan on Norrmalm Stockholm. The Museum is owned by the Strindberg Society of Sweden and was inaugurated in 1973.Strindberg moved to the house in 1908 and lived there until his death in 1912.
 The Salem Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as the Salem Walker Church) and associated Salem Walker Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery located at 7150 Angle Road in Salem Township Michigan with a postal designation of Northville Michigan. The church and cemetery were added to the National Register in 1992 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1991. The church is significant as one of the least-altered Greek Revival churches existing in the state of Michigan.
 Battersea is a historic home located at Petersburg Virginia. It was built about 1768 for Colonel John Banister (1734-1788) the first mayor of Petersburg and a signer of the Articles of Confederation. It is a symmetrical five-part Palladian house consisting of a two-story central block topped by a pyramidal roof one-story wings that act as hyphens and 1 1/2-story end pavilions.
 The Thayer House is a historic house at 17 Channing Street in Newton Massachusetts USA. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Whipple-Cullen House and Barn is an historic colonial house on Old River Road in Lincoln Rhode Island.The American Colonial house was constructed in 1740 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Moross House is a house located at 1460 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is the oldest surviving brick house in the city; it was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Cotter water tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Cotter Arkansas. It was constructed in 1935 by the Pittsburgh-Des Moines Steel Company as part of the development of the local water supply system by the Public Works Administration.
 St. Mary's Church Barnstone is a parish church in the Church of England in Barnstone Nottinghamshire.
 Belmont House is a boutique hotel located on the Avenida Rivera in Carrasco Montevideo Uruguay. It is set amidst gardens and has 24 rooms and suites and is served by the Restaurant Allegro. Belmont House retains the feel of an aristocratic home in Montevideo with its lavish furnishings and rooms with rich and colorful linens two and four posters beds marble bathrooms and jacuzzis.
 The Murphy Trail and Bridge were used to move livestock from winter range along the Green River to highland summer range from about 1917 to about 1964. The trail and bridge are located in what is now Canyonlands National Park in Utah and the trail is now used as a hiking path. The bridge was made from logs and rough-cut planking and was built around 1917 by J. Idiart and D. Allies. The 10-foot-long (3.0 m) bridge was reconstructed in 1998 and no longer retains historic integrity.
 The former Young Men's Christian Association Building in Albany New York United States is located on Pearl Street (New York State Route 32). It was built in the 1880s in the Romanesque Revival architectural style with an existing neighboring structure annexed to it and a rear addition built in the 1920s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Reuben Robie House is a historic home located at Bath in Steuben County New York. It was built by Reuben Robie in 1847 and is a 2-story center-hall Greek Revival–style brick dwelling. The small flat-roofed entrance portico supported by Doric columns was added about 1900. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story board-and-batten carriage house and a toolshed. It was home to Congressman Reuben Robie (1799–1872).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Bridge in Tinicum Township is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge located at Point Pleasant in Tinicum Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It spans the Pennsylvania Canal. It has a single span with a length of 82 feet long and was constructed in 1877.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Grand Opera House also known as The Grand or Masonic Hall and Grand Theater is a 1208-seat theater for the performing arts in Wilmington Delaware. The four-story building was built in 1871 by the Delaware Grand Lodge of Masons to serve as a Masonic Temple and auditorium. The construction cost was $100000.
 Europa also known as Residence Palace is a complex of buildings between the Rue de la Loi/Wetstraat and the Chaussée d'Etterbeek/Etterbeeksesteenweg in the European Quarter of Brussels (Belgium). It is formed of three buildings a press centre and a building currently being renovated (estimated completion: 2015) for use by the European Council mainly and even also (for some occasions) by the Council of the European Union as a summit building.
 Phenix Baptist Church is an historic church at 2 Fairview Avenue in West Warwick Rhode Island.It was built in 1869 and added to the National Historic Register in 1999.
 The Floridan Palace Hotel formerly known as the Hotel Floridan or Floridan Hotel is a historic hotel in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 905 North Florida Avenue in the north end of the downtown core. It was designed by prominent Tampa architects G.A. Miller and Francis J. Kennard and built in 1926 opening in early 1927. On March 12 1996 the Floridan was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Staunton Mall is a shopping mall in Augusta County Virginia United States. It is slightly outside the city limits of Staunton Virginia. It has 4 anchors in operation include Belk JCPenney Peebles and Gold's Gym (previously Sears Surplus and Goody's Family Clothing) with former anchors including Books-A-Million and Steve & Barry's.
 The Baleroy Mansion is a 32-room estate located in the historical and affluent Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It has obtained the title of Most Haunted Home in America due to its infestation of spirits ghosts jinns demons angels or other supernatural beings. The mansion has been featured in a number of TV shows and books that deal with hounted houses. Others have described it as the most haunted house in Philadelphia.
 St. Maurice Methodist Church is a historic church at the junction of LA 477 and LA 71 in St. Maurice Louisiana.It was built in 1874 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 Spengler Bridge is a historic Pratt Truss bridge located at Chatham in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1880 by the Morse Bridge Company of Youngstown Ohio. It is composed of two Pratt trusses with counters each 138 feet in length. It measures 16 feet wide and crosses the Kinderhook Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Numa Ridge Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1933. The lookout was built to a standard plan originated by the U.S. Forest Service as part of a program to provide overlapping fire lookout coverage within the park.
 The Poncan Theatre is a historic theater in Ponca City Oklahoma. It is individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a contributing property of the Downtown Ponca City Historic District.
 The Newcastle Police Stables on Clinton Street in Toodyay Western Australia were constructed in 1891 and replaced the original timber stables erected on this site in 1860 which were destroyed by fire.In 1970 the Stables were classified by the National Trust and included on the permanent Register of the National Estate in 1978 as part of the Newcastle Gaol Lock-up and Stables Group.
 Signature Towers (formerly known as Dancing Towers) is a proposal for a three-tower mixed-use complex in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It was designed by Iraqi born architect Zaha Hadid after winning an international design competition which included proposals from OMA and Reiser & Umemoto among others. The developers are Dubai Properties the company responsible for the earlier Jumeirah Beach Residence.
 The Merced Grove Ranger Station in Yosemite National Park was designed by the National Park Service and completer in 1935. An example of the National Park Service Rustic style it features log construction. The station is near the Merced Grove of giant sequoias in the Crane Flat region of the park.The building consists of a living room bedroom kitchen and bathroom. The structure was employed for a time as a summer retreat for Yosemite park superintendents.
 Franklin Bridge is a bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County Nebraska. The road bridge was built over the Republican River in 1932 and features Warren pony trusses. In 1935 a flood swept away one truss and one approach span.
 St Peter's in the City is a Church of England parish church in the city of Derby UK. It is one of Derby's city centre churches which is in full use for worship. The church building dates from the 11th century and recently celebrated its 950th anniversary. The tower has a peal of eight bells which are rung before the Sunday morning services.
 The St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at Hillsboro Caroline County Maryland. It is a small board-and-batten Carpenter Gothic-style structure set on a brick foundation. Its design is based upon a book of plans and sketches published in 1852 by Richard Upjohn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Linden Square is a historic square at Linden Place in Brookline Massachusetts.It was laid out in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Le Rêve is a 52-floor residential tower in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 210 m. Construction of Le Rêve was completed in 2006. The name is French for the dream.
 The District Five Schoolhouse is a historic school at 449 School Street in Webster Massachusetts. Built in 1835 the one-room schoolhouse was the first school building built by the recently-incorporated town of Webster. It served the town as a school for 100 years after which it was used by the school system for storage. In 1966 it became the museum and headquarters of the Dudley-Webster Historical Society.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 O'Reilly's Rainforest Retreat is a tourist destination in Queensland Australia situated in the heart of the Lamington National Park two hours by road south of Brisbane and 90 minutes by road west of the Gold Coast. It is located in the Scenic Rim Region local government area and is part of the Gold Coast hinterland.
 Obadiah Smith House is a historic home located at Kings Park in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1708 and is a two-story heavy timber frame five-bay center entrance dwelling with a side gable roof and interior end chimneys. It is operated as a house museum by the Smithtown Historical Society.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Franklin Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 22-28 Egerton Gardens Knightsbridge on the borders of Chelsea.The hotel was built from merging four Victorian townhouses into one in 1992. The hotel is located near Brompton Road and Sloane Street and in close proximity to the Victoria and Albert Museum Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace.As of 2009 the hotel is undergoing renovation.
 Rorig Bridge is a historic Pratt through truss bridge located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. It was constructed in 1890 by the Groton Bridge and Manufacturing Company and spans Chautauqua Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Girish Mancha is a theatre auditorium located in Bagbazar Kolkata West Bengal India. The auditorium was inaugurated on 1 July 1986 by Chief Minister of West Bengal (at that time) Jyoti Basu. The auditorium was named after Girish Chandra Ghosh.The design of the auditorium was done by Public Works Department and they also do the maintenance work of this auditorium. This auditorium is under the administrative central of the Information and Cultural Affairs Department Government of West Bengal.
 The Matthew Lynch House is an historic house at 120 Robinson Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built apparently in the fourth quarter of the eighteenth century as a farmhouse on the west bank of the Providence River in what was then agricultural area (and is now downtown Providence) around where Grace Church (Providence Rhode Island) now stands on Matthewson Street.
 The E. M. Fulton House also known as Glay Williams House and Vernoy Tate House is a historic home located at in Wise Wise County Virginia. It was built in 1905-1906 and is a 2 1/2-story six bay Colonial Revival style frame dwelling clad in a red brick veneer. It sits on a sandstone foundation and has a hipped and gable roof with dormers.
 The Hazen-Kimball-Aldrich House is a historic First Period house at 225 E. Main Street in Georgetown Massachusetts.The Hazen House was built around the 1680s by Thomas and Mary Hazen. Thomas was born in Rowley Mass. January 29 1657 (son of Edward Hazen first generation to migrate to America from Lincolnshire England) and Mary Howlett born in Ipswich Mass. around 1664.
 The Hotel Laurus al Duomo is a hotel in Florence in the historical Via de’ Cerretani with a façade in Via dell’Alloro. The building is about 70 meters away from Piazza del Duomo Florence the Florence Cathedral and the Giotto's Campanile. The building is not far from the Basilica of Santa Maria Novella and from the Firenze Santa Maria Novella railway station. The building is also in front of the church of Santa Maria Maggiore Florence.
 The Mary W. Somers is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1904 at Mearsville Virginia. She is a 41.9-foot-long (12.8 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States. She is located at St. Marys City St. Mary's County Maryland.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Box Butte County Courthouse which is located on Box Butte Ave. between E. 5th and 6th Sts. in Alliance Nebraska is a historic building that was built in 1913. It was designed by Rose & Peterson in Beaux Arts architectural style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Brown Building is a ten-story building that is part of the campus of New York University (NYU). It is located at 23-29 Washington Place between Greene Street and Washington Square East in Greenwich Village New York City.It was built in 1900–01 designed by John Woolley in the neo-Renaissance style. It was originally named the Asch Building after its owner Joseph J.
 Manor House Hotel is a 14th-century country house hotel in Castle Combe Wiltshire in the south of England.
 The Odd Fellows Hall is a historic building located at 516 Main St. in Salmon Idaho. The building was constructed in 1874 as a meeting place for Salmon's chapter of the International Order of Odd Fellows. The wood frame building was designed in the Greek Revival style and features Ionic pilasters on its front face. A wooden front designed to resemble cast iron was added to the building in 1888. The Odd Fellows built a new meeting hall the Salmon Odd Fellows Hall in 1907.
 Hanson House is located at 704 Ste. Catherine in Florissant Missouri. The house was built in 1897 and is significant for its architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Kaleva Temple is a commercial building located on Trimountain Avenue in South Range Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Obligation is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It was begun in 1743 and later enlarged in 1827 to two and one-half stories. The house was built for Thomas Stockett III and was enlarged to its present configuration during the ownership of his grandson Joseph Noble Stockett (1779-1858). Dr.
 Powell Farm is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1794 and is a two-story five bay fieldstone vernacular Federal style farmhouse. It has a gable roof and a full width front porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Ambrose Episcopal Church Antigo Wisconsin (formerly known as St. Joseph's) United States is a mission congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. The congregation first met in 1883 organizing in 1886.
 The Church of the Visitation of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary (Polish: Kościół Nawiedzenia Najświętszej Marii Panny) otherwise known as St. Mary's Church (Kościół Mariacki) is a church in Warsaw Poland. It is one of oldest buildings and one of the few surviving examples of Gothic architecture in the city. It is located at ulica Przyrynek 2.
 Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Depot is a historic railroad depot located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1887 by the Huntington and Big Sandy Railroad later the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The former passenger station is two stories and constructed of brick with a slate roof and two chimneys. The former baggage section to the east is one story.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 27 Pleasant Street in Brunswick Maine.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Le Château Apartments is an apartment building in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1321 Sherbrooke Street West in the Golden Square Mile neighbourhood of Downtown Montreal.The building was commissioned by Pamphile Réal Du Tremblay the owner of La Presse newspaper at the time. It was constructed between February 1925 and 1926 and was designed by Montreal architecture firm Ross and Macdonald. Its facade is Tyndall limestone from Manitoba and its structural material is steel.
 The Kennedy Farm is an American landmark where John Brown planned and began his raid on Harpers Ferry West Virginia in 1859. Also known as John Brown's Headquarters and Kennedy Farmhouse the log stone and brick building has retained its historical integrity and is essentially the same as it was in 1859. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on November 7 1973.Brown arrived in Maryland in 1859 and rented the house owned by the heirs of Dr. Booth Kennedy.
 InterContinental Hanoi Landmark 72 is an InterContinental hotel in Hanoi. The hotel is located on the top floors of Keangnam Hanoi Landmark Tower. At 346 meters it is the tallest hotel in Southeast Asia and one of tallest hotels in the world.The hotel project has been postponed.
 La Palma Intercommunity Hospital (LPH) is an 141 bed acute care facility in La Palma California USA. LPH is owned and operated by Prime Healthcare Services (PHS) a hospital management company located in Victorville. PHS was founded in 2001 by Prem Reddy who acts as its present Chairman of the Board.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 234 E. Main Street in Rock Hill South Carolina.It was designed by Charles Coker Wilson and was built in 1894. It was added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Ladd Carriage House is a building in downtown Portland Oregon. It is one of the few surviving pieces of the former grand estates which once existed in the downtown core. It was on the National Register of Historic Places from 1980 until 2008. It was restored to the list in 2010.The building served as an outbuilding to the William S. Ladd mansion once located across Broadway on the block now occupied by The Oregonian's headquarters.
 Welbeck Abbey in the Dukeries in North Nottinghamshire was the site of a monastery belonging to the Premonstratensian order in England and after the Dissolution of the Monasteries a country house residence of the Dukes of Portland. It is one of four contiguous ducal estates in North Nottinghamshire and the house is a grade I listed building.
 The Big Shaheen Cabin in the Admiralty Island National Monument near Angoon Alaska is a historic log cabin that was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935. Also denoted as 49SIT-019 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995; the listing included the cabin and three other contributing structures.It was built as part of the Admiralty Island Civilian Conservation Corps Canoe Route.
 The IWK Health Centre is a hospital in Halifax Nova Scotia that provides care to women children and youth from Nova Scotia New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 212 W. Dixie Avenue in Elizabethtown Kentucky.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Edenton Historic District is a historic district in Edenton North Carolina that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It includes several buildings that are individually listed on the National Register. Lane House (ca. 1718) possibly the oldest surviving house in North Carolina is owned by Steve and Linda Lane and is located within the district.
 Fountain Elms is a historic home located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It is part of the Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute. The original block was completed in 1852 in the Italian Style. It is basically a cube with a center hall plan. The original rear wing was remodeled in 1883 and a third two story wing added. An additional wing and piazza was added in 1908 resulting in the current irregular plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Emily Dickinson Museum is a historic house museum consisting of two houses: the Dickinson Homestead (also known as Emily Dickinson Home or Emily Dickinson House) and the Evergreens. The Dickinson Homestead was the birthplace and home from 1855–1886 of 19th-century American poet Emily Dickinson (1830–1886) whose poems were discovered in her bedroom there after her death.
 Grand Canyon Park Operations Building was built in 1929 on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park. It is significant as an example of a National Park Service building designed to blend harmoniously with the natural surroundings in the National Park Service Rustic style. The Operations Building was designed to replace the Superintendent's Residence as the park headquarters.
 The Thomas Kirby House in Kendrick Idaho was built in 1889. It was built by Thomas Kirby a man highly responsible for the railroads that started in Kendrick and went to Troy Idaho.The house is Queen Anne in style and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Blue Mountain School is an historic school in Port Angeles Washington.Blue Mountain School was built in 1903 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 Sukiya (すき家) is a Japanese restaurant chain serving gyūdon other donburi and curry. As of 2008 Sukiya has over 1000 restaurants throughout all 47 Japanese prefectures as well as six in Shanghai China; two in Suzhou China eight in São Paulo Brazil; and eight in Thailand. Sukiya's owner Zenshō Co. Ltd. (ゼンショー株式会社) is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and had sales of ¥282 billion in 2007.Its slogan (printed in romaji outside the restaurant) is save time and money.
 The Torre Bankia (until 2013 Torre Caja Madrid) (English: Madrid Savings Bank Tower) is a skyscraper located in the Cuatro Torres Business Area in Madrid Spain. With a height of 250 m (820 ft) and 45 floors it is the tallest of the four buildings in the Cuatro Torres Business Area complex surpassing Torre de Cristal by less than a metre.
 Waterman-Grampse House is a historic home located at Nelliston in Montgomery County New York. It was built about 1865 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story stone house of coursed rubble with cut-stone lintels and sills. A frame house built in the 1960s is attached to the north side.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Harris-Merrick House is a historic house at 41 Fruit Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Greek Revival wood frame house was built c. 1832-1844 on Chestnut Street and is one of the few buildings to survive from the early days of development on the city's west side. The area was developed in the 1830s (with many houses designed by Elias Carter) and this house was built either for Clarendon Harris a bookkeeper or Pliny T.
 The Scottish Rite Temple in Lincoln Nebraska is a building from 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Joseph and Rachel Bartlett House is a historic residence in the city of Fremont Ohio United States. Built in 1872 it is one of the city's more prominent examples of high-style architecture.Born near Tiffin Ohio in 1830 Joseph R. Bartlett moved to Lower Sandusky (now Fremont) in 1833 with his family. After reading law under his father young Bartlett entered the legal profession and soon became one of Sandusky County's leading citizens.
 Centre Presbyterian Church Session House and Cemeteries is a historic church in Mount Mourne North Carolina (Mooresville North Carolina).The original church building was constructed in 1765 but was destroyed by fire. The current church building and session house were constructed 1854. The church's cemetery contains gravestones dating to the 18th century. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Glover House also known as Budd House is a house in Newtown Connecticut that was built in 1869. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is a notable example of a gentleman's residence built in Second Empire style. The third floor includes a king-post truss.The house is also included in the Newtown Borough Historic District which was listed on the NRHP in 1996.
 The National Museum of Sudan founded in 1971 is the national museum of Sudan located on El Neel Avenue in Khartoum. The double storied building was constructed in the 1955 and established as the National Museum of Sudan in 1971. It contains the largest and most important archaeological collection in the country.The museum has exhibits from different epochs of the Sudanese history such as Kingdom of Kush and ancient Nubia and also ancient Egypt.
 Methodist Episcopal Church currently known as the United Methodist Church in Madison is a historic church at 24 Madison Avenue in Madison Morris County New Jersey United States.Although the congregation was formed in 1843 the current Romanesque structure was built in 1870 by Stephen Decatur Hatch. It was added to the National Register in 2008.
 Delaplaine McDaniel School is a historic school building located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1935-1937. It is a three-story 16 bay yellow brick building in the Art Deco-style. It features three zigzag brick and limestone panels brick pilasters with stepped capitals and entrances with limestone pilasters.
 Bridgham Farm is an historic colonial farm in East Providence Rhode Island.The farmhouse was built in 1767 at 160 Pleasant Street and added to the National Historic Register in 1980.
 The Martin Lindsey House also known as the Roy and Barbara Hoppmyer House is a historic house in Mobile Alabama United States. The one-story wood-frame structure was built in 1915 for Martin Lindsey on Mobile Bay along what was at that time the Bay Shell Road.
 Rapps Bridge also known as Sheeder-Hall Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in East Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 105-foot-long (32 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1866. It has fieldstone abutments and horizontal siding and boxed cornices with returns at its portals. It crosses French Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.On April 29 2014 the bridge was heavily damaged when a tractor trailer crossed it.
 The U.S. Post Office — Beaver Main in Beaver Utah was built in 1941. It reflects Moderne architecture and Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. Also known as Beaver Main Post Office it has served historically as a post office.
 Waterbeach Abbey was an abbey at Waterbeach in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1294 by nuns from the Second Order of St. Francis who had come from the Abbey of Longchamps in France By 1351 the abbey had become disused the religious moving the nearby Denny Abbey. The site is a scheduled ancient monument.
 St Jude's Church Courtfield Gardens Kensington London was designed by architects George Godwin and Henry Godwin and built between 1867-70; the tower and spire were constructed in 1879. It was built on the northern portion of Captain Robert Gunter's estate. The project was overseen by Reverend J. A. Aston and financed by John Derby Allcroft a wealthy glove manufacturer. The construction not including the tower pulpit font and organ cost £11300 and was undertaken by Myers & Sons.
 The Washington Damon House is a historic house at 38 Salem Street in Reading Massachusetts exhibiting the adaptation of existing housing stock to new architectural style. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1839 and was at the time a fairly conventional side hall Greek Revival house although it has small wings on either side that also appear date to that period.
 The Mall at 163rd Street is an enclosed shopping mall and power center in North Miami Beach Florida. From its opening as an open-air shopping center in 1956 it has been converted into an enclosed mall but was later redeveloped as a combination of both formats. The mall's anchors are The Home Depot Marshalls Office Depot Ross and Wal-Mart Supercenter.
 Almshouse Farm at Machipongo also known as the Barrier Islands Center is a historic almshouse for African-Americans located at Machipongo Northampton County Virginia. The oldest of the three main buildings was built about 1725 and is a 1 1/2-half story structure built in two parts one brick and one frame and probably predates the almshouse use of the property. The main building was built about 1840 and is a frame two-story building in the vernacular Greek Revival style.
 Evergreen-Callaway-Deyerle House is a historic home located near Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The original section now the rear ell was built about 1840 is a two-story two bay rectangular brick dwelling with a hipped roof in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A two-story front section in the Italianate style was added about 1861. A side gable and wing addition was built at the same time. Also on the property are a contributing silo (c. 1861) barn (c. 1920) and tenant house (c.
 Mount Air is a historic home located at Faulkner Charles County Maryland United States. It was built in 1801 and is basically a regionally typical Federal style house with a three story central block with complementary wings. The home has the only known boxwood garden in lower Southern Maryland of its dimensions and age to retain its original formal plan.Mount Air was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St Olaf’s Episcopal Church Amherst Wisconsin United States is a mission congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. The congregation first met in 1879 organizing in 1895.
 Kenderdine Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located at Horsham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The complex includes four contributing buildings and one contributing structure. They are the original fieldstone mill (1734-1735) mill race early 19th century fieldstone mill owner's house stable and carriage house (1858) and an early fieldstone house. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St. Andrew's Church (Danish: Sankt Andreas Kirke) is a Lutheran church on Gothersgade in Copenhagen Denmark which was designed by the architect Martin Borch and built from 1897 to 1901. It is a parish church within the Danish National Church.
 The Carroll-Hartshorn House is a historic First Period house at 572 Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. Built c. 1700 it is one of the oldest buildings in Reading. It has a classic two story five bay central chimney plan with a rear shed extension giving the house a saltbox appearance. The property was owned by generations of the Hartshorn family.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Ray Opera House on Main St. in Ray North Dakota United States was built in 1904. It also has been known as Charlson`s Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Church of Our Lady and St Nectan was a Roman Catholic place of worship in the town of Hartland Devon. It was built by local people and consecrated by Cyril Restieaux Bishop of Plymouth on 8 December 1964 the solemnity of the Immaculate Conception.The church was served by priests from the Church of the Sacred Heart Bideford.In 2010 the Bishop of Plymouth Christopher Budd announced that the church was to close due to the unavailability of a priest to celebrate mass there.
 The Brea Mall is a shopping mall located in the Orange County city of Brea California. Since 1998 the mall has been owned and operated by the Simon Property Group. It is home to four major department stores over 175 specialty shops and boutiques and a food court. It is approximately 1310000 square feet (1.31 million).
 The Wason-Springfield Steam Power Blocks are a collection of three historic commercial blocks at 27-43 Lyman St. and 26-50 Taylor Street in downtown Springfield Massachusetts. They were built in the 1870s by the J.W.
 Warwick Mills also known as James Mills with Jacob Hager House and Tenant House is a historic grist mill complex located in Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1784 and is a three- to four-story banked fieldstone structure. The manor house was built before 1828 and is a 2 1/2-story four bays by two bays random fieldstone dwelling. The tenant house was also built before 1828 and is a 2 1/2-story four bays by two bays stuccoed stone dwelling.
 Sowwah Square Tower 1 is the name of a skyscraper on Sowwah island in Abu Dhabi the capital of the United Arab Emirates.The building is located in the newly constructed district of Sowwah Square and is planned to open in 2011. Sowwah Square Tower 1 will be 184 meters tall with 37 floors.The tower will hold 40400 sqm of office space which has been rented out to companies like Gulf Capital Abu Dhabi Finance Booze and Company and others.
 The Keweenaw Mountain Lodge and Golf Course Complex is a resort located near Copper Harbor Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and is open to the public.
 Thornewood is an estate in Lakewood Washington. The estate consists of three buildings including Thornewood Castle which was built from the brick of a dismantled 15th-century house imported from England. The Castle was used as a set for the Stephen King film Rose Red.The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and is now a bed and breakfast.
 Slangenburg Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Slangenburg) is a castle in the municipality of Doetinchem in the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands. The castle is located in the forest of the same name between the towns of Varsseveld and Doetinchem about 5 kilometers from the latter.Slangenburg Castle was constructed in the Late Medieval period.
 City Palace Udaipur is a palace complex in Udaipur in the Indian state Rajasthan. It was built over a period of nearly 400 years being contributed by several kings of the dynasty starting by the Maharana Udai Singh as the capital of the Sisodia Rajput clan in 1559 after he moved from Chittor. It is located on the east bank of the Lake Pichola and has several palaces built within its complex.
 Hilton San Diego Bayfront is the 15th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 385 ft (117 m) and contains 1190 rooms. Located in the Marina district of Downtown San Diego Hilton San Diego Bayfront is a 30-story building that utilizes the modern architectural style and was designed by the architect firm John Portman & Associates.
 The Church of Shoghakat (Armenian: Շողակաթ եկեղեցի; meaning drop of light because of the ray of light that came down from heaven upon Hripsimé's martyrs) was erected in 1694 by Prince Aghamal Sorotetsi during the time of Catholicos Nahabed I in the present day city of Vagharshapat (Etchmiadzin) in the Armavir Province of Armenia. This church together with other nearby sites is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 URBN Hotel Shanghai is a boutique hotel located in Jing'an District in Shanghai China. It is the first carbon neutral hotel in China: to be declared such it worked with the international intermediary South Pole Carbon Asset Management Ltd.
 Aspremont-Lynden Castle (Dutch: Kasteel d'Aspremont-Lynden) is a castle in Oud-Rekem in the municipality of Lanaken province of Limburg Belgium.The present castle on the site of a mediaeval predecessor was constructed by the noble family of d'Aspremont Lynden Counts of Rekem in the early 17th century in the style of the Maasland Renaissance.The building served during the 19th and 20th centuries as a prison and a psychiatric hospital.
 A. P. Hill Boyhood Home is a historic home located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. The original section was built about 1820 and enlarged to its present size about 1860. It is a three-story five bay by seven bay brick building in the Tuscan villa style townhouse. It was originally three bays deep but enlarged to seven bays just before the American Civil War. It was built by Revolutionary War General Edward Stevens then purchased by the father of General A. P. Hill in 1832.
 The Herbert H. Dow House also known as Dow House was the home of Herbert H. Dow founder of Dow Chemical Company from 1899 until his death in 1930. His wife Grace and five children survived him and continued to reside there. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.Back side of Dow home.
 Putnam and Mellor Engine and Hose Company Firehouse was a historic fire station located at Port Chester Westchester County New York. It was built in 1888 and is a three story three bay wide masonry building in the Queen Anne style. It is constructed of red brick with stone stringcourses and terra cotta decoration.
 Independence Plaza is a highrise office building located in downtown Midland Texas. It is the city's fourth tallest building after the Bank of America Building the Wilco Building and Centennial Tower. Floors two thru seven are parking garage in the building and floors eight thru 16 are office. The building also has a seven-level parking garage attached to it on its north side.
 St Garmon's Church Capel Garmon is a redundant Anglican parish church in the village of Capel Garmon Conwy Wales. The church was restored and reseated in 1862–63 by the Lancaster architect E. G. Paley at a cost of £880 (£70000 as of 2014). During the restoration the south wall was rebuilt windows were renewed and a porch and north vestry were added. The seating was increased from 145 to 150. The church consists of a single chamber. The windows contain plate tracery.
 Market Street Historic District is located in Salem Salem County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1975.
 S. P. Dixon Farm is a historic farm near Newark New Castle County Delaware. The property includes three contributing stone buildings: a house a spring house and a tri-level bank barn. The house is a two-story four-bay dwelling in two sections. The older section is dated to the late 18th or early 19th century with an addition before 1830 about the time the barn was built.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St. Mary’s Catholic Church is a parish church of the Diocese of Davenport. The church is located at the corner of St. Mary’s and Washburn Streets in the town of Riverside Iowa United States. The entire parish complex forms an Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary’s Parish Church Buildings. The designation includes the church building rectory the former church (now a parish hall) and former school building.
 Argyle Flats is an historic building in Davenport Iowa that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The structure was designed by the Davenport architectural firm of Clausen & Burrows and completed in 1900. It was typical of the apartment blocks that were built in Davenport near the turn of the 20th century.
 The Union Stock Yard Gate located on Exchange Avenue at Peoria Street was the entrance to the famous Union Stock Yards in Chicago. The gate was designed by John Wellborn Root of Burnham and Root around 1875.
 North Church (Russian: Северный Зеленчукский храм) is an early 10th-century Alanian church located in Arkhyz (Russian: Архыз) a mountainous region of Karachay-Cherkessia.
 The De Mores Packing Plant Ruins near Medora in Billings County North Dakota is a historic site listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).The packing plant was built and began operations in 1883.
 The Silver Bay Association Complex is an inn and related buildings located in the hamlet of Silver Bay New York United States. It began as a farmhouse and in the 1890s it was expanded and became a lodge capable of supporting 80-100 people. In 1897 Silas Paine a Standard Oil executive vacationed at the resort and decided to buy a portion of land adjacent to the property.
 Burgruine Araburg is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 The National Museum of Myanmar (Burmese: အမျိုးသား ပြတိုက်) located in Dagon Yangon is the main museum of Burmese art history and culture in Myanmar. Founded in 1952 the five-story museum has an extensive collection of ancient artifacts ornaments works of art inscriptions and historic memorabilia related to history culture and civilization of Burmese people.
 For the original building see Banco Bilbao VizcayaThe Banco de Bilbao Tower (also known as Torre BBVA or in English BBVA Tower) is a 107m skyscraper in Madrid Spain within the AZCA financial district and is currently the company's Madrid HQ. It was designed by the Spanish architect Francisco Javier Sáenz de Oiza who won the private tender in 1971 convoked by the Banco de Bilbao nowadays BBVA.
 Elverhøy Church (Norwegian: Elverhøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the city of Tromsø. The church is part of the Elverhøy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church seats about 435 people.
 Prospect Hill Cemetery Building is a historic burial vault located in Prospect Hill Cemetery at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built in 1863 and is a small one story cobblestone building. It has a slate covered gable roof. It is built of coursed cobblestones with smooth ashlar quoins and a stone lintel above the door.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Thomas L. Kane Memorial Chapel is a historic church located in Kane Pennsylvania in McKean County. The small stone Gothic Revival chapel was constructed from 1876 to 1878 and was dedicated to the American Civil War General Thomas L. Kane a founder of Kane. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 29 1978.
 Bingley Hall (sometimes called New Bingley Hall) is an exhibition hall located in Stafford England on the site of the Staffordshire County Showground. During the 1970s and 1980s it was a very popular concert venue. Artists that performed there include Pink Floyd Rush Black Sabbath David Bowie Motörhead ABBA Rainbow Eagles Kiss and Queen.
 The Smith-Harris House listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Thomas Avery House is a two-and-a-half story clapboarded Greek Revival home on Society Road in East Lyme Connecticut. It is believed that the farmhouse was built in 1845-1846 as a wedding gift for Thomas Avery and Elizabeth Griswold. It remained in the Avery family until 1877 when it was purchased by William H. Smith. By the 1890's the farm was managed by Smith's younger brother Herman W.
 Maryland House is a service area located on Interstate 95 at Mile Marker 81.9. It is located on the median of I-95 and can be accessed by both northbound and southbound traffic. It is approximately 24 miles north of Baltimore in Harford County Maryland. Maryland House offers food fuel minor auto repair services and a traveler information center to motorists. It also offers WiFi on the premises. Maryland House is the busiest rest area in the United States.
 The Union House also known as the John Bower House is a small mostly Gothic Revival house in downtown Orangeville Illinois United States. The house the first brick home in Orangeville was built in 1849 by village founder John Bower. It was purchased by Samuel Hutchins in 1885 and it remained in the Hutchins family until 1951. The house blends elements of Greek and Gothic Revival architecture and is the only example of Gothic Revival found in the village of Orangeville.
 The Canada Life Building is a historic office building in Toronto Ontario Canada. The fifteen-floor Beaux Arts building was built by Sproatt & Rolph and stands at 285 feet (87 m) 321 feet (97.8 m) including its weather beacon.It is located at University and Queen Street in the city's downtown. Work on the new headquarters of the Canada Life Assurance Company began in 1929 and it opened in 1931.
 Imperial War Museum North (sometimes referred to as IWM North) is a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford in Greater Manchester England. One of five branches of the Imperial War Museum it explores the impact of modern conflicts on people and society. It is the first branch of the Imperial War Museum to be located in the north of England.
 Woman's Industrial Exchange is a historic building located at 333 North Charles Street Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of a townhouse erected in 1815 with a large five-story structure appended to the rear. The building was purchased in 1860 by Mrs. Mary E. Boardley for a boarding house and she added the rear wing. The Exchange purchased the building in 1889. A shop window was added circa 1900 which enhances the fine Flemish bonded brick work and marble stoop.
 The Main Building of the University of Santo Tomas (UST) in Manila Philippines functions as the university's administrative center and home of the Faculty of Civil Law Faculty of Pharmacy and the College of Science. The Main Building is also the home of the Museum of Arts and Sciences.
 Broadmarsh (also known as The Broadmarsh Centre and rebranded in 2013 as Intu Broadmarsh) is a shopping centre in Nottingham England owned by Nottingham City Council. Opening in 1975 the centre has 55 stores and a total retail floor space of 45000 m² (484000 ft²).[citation needed] The shopping centre is attached to Broadmarsh bus station one of Nottingham's two bus stations.
 Santa Brigida is a convent church dedicated to St Bridget of Sweden and the Swedish national church in Rome. It was also known as Santa Brigida a Campo de' Fiori since it was built on what was then part of Campo de' Fiori but is now the urbanistically distinct Piazza Farnese.
 Moss Park Armoury (MPA) is a Canadian Forces facility located at 130 Queen Street East in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is at the northeast corner of Jarvis Street and Queen Street East in the neighbourhood of Moss Park.
 Alexandra Hospital (Abbreviation: AH; Chinese: 亚历山大医院) is a 400-bed hospital located in the south-western part of Singapore. Nestled in a 110000 square metre land the hospital is a picture of tranquil setting lined with mostly colonial style buildings built since the late 1930s. Under British rule it was known as the British Military Hospital. It is remembered as the site of a massacre during the World War II Japanese occupation.
 The Mansion House (also known as the The Mansion) is the official summer residence of the President of the Philippines. The mansion is located in the summer capital of the country Baguio situated around 5000 feet (1500 m) asl in the Cordillera Central Range of northern Luzon.
 Hyson Green Methodist Free Church is at the junction of Noel Street and Gregory Boulevard in Hyson Green Nottingham.
 The Cathedral Church of Our Lady Help of Christians and Saint Peter of Alcantara commonly known as Shrewsbury Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Shrewsbury England. It is the seat of the Bishop of Shrewsbury and mother church of the Diocese of Shrewsbury which covers the counties of Shropshire and Cheshire part of Greater Manchester and part of Merseyside.
 Ward Charcoal Ovens State Historic State Park is a Nevada state park in White Pine County Nevada. Located 20 miles south of the town of Ely it is in the Eastern Nevada Region of Nevada State Parks. The charcoal ovens are associated with the silver mining ghost town of Ward Nevada established in 1876. The town at its peak had a population of 1500 two newspapers a school fire department two smelters and a stamp mill.
 The Church of St. Hubert the Hunter and its associated library also known as the Bondurant Protestant Episcopal Church were built in Bondurant Wyoming the church in 1940-41 and the library in 1943. The church was financed by the sale of a diamond bequeathed to the Episcopal Church by Mrs. John Markoe which was to be sold to finance a memorial church. According to some versions the church was to be built in the most remote part of the United States. Wyoming Bishop Winfred H.
 The Chamber of Commerce Building located at 65 Liberty Street between Nassau Street and Broadway in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City was built in 1900-01 to house the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York which occupied it until 1980.
 The Koutoubia Mosque or Kutubiyya Mosque (Arabic: جامع الكتبية‎ Arabic pronunciation: [jaːmiʕu‿lkutubijːa(h)]) is the largest mosque in Marrakesh Morocco. The mosque is also known by several other names such as Jami' al-Kutubiyah Kotoubia Mosque Kutubiya Mosque Kutubiyyin Mosque and Mosque of the Booksellers. It is located in the southwest medina quarter of Marrakesh.
 The Shimizu TRY 2004 Mega-City Pyramid is a hypothetical project for construction of a massive pyramid over Tokyo Bay in Japan. The structure would be more than 14 times as high as the Great Pyramid at Giza and would house 1000000 people. The structure would be 2000 meters (6561 feet) above mean sea level including 5 stacked trusses each with similar dimensions to that of the great pyramid of Giza.
 The Carnegie Library of Barnesville in Barnesville Georgia was built in 1910. It was designed by Whitfield & King. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Albion Congregational Church was built on Sneinton Road in Nottingham in 1856. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Neighbors of Woodcraft Building is a building located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Construction of the building was commissioned by the Neighbors of Woodcraft (NOW) a non-profit fraternal benefit society based in Oregon since 1905 and operating in several western states for use as a national headquarters and clubhouse. The building was completed in May 1929 and dedicated in June.
 The Calvert Mill/Washington Mill also known as the Old Mill is an historic mill located on Old Mill Road in Washington Virginia. Its water source is the Rush River. The Calvert name comes from George Calvert Jr. a local landowner who owned it from 1779 to 1800. The oldest part of the present mill dates from this period. Later additions were made in 1840 and 1860. It was bought in 1979 by Peter Kramer who planned to restore it.
 Commerzbank Tower is a 56-storey 259 m (850 ft) skyscraper in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt Germany. An antenna spire with a signal light on top gives the tower a total height of 300.1 m (985 ft). It is the tallest building in Frankfurt the tallest building in Germany and the second tallest building in the European Union. It had been the tallest building in Europe from its completion in 1997 until 2003 when it was surpassed by the Triumph-Palace in Moscow.
 For museums in any other town or city named Dover see Dover (disambiguation).Dover Museum is a museum in Dover Kent in south-east England.
 Esek Bussey Firehouse now known as Engine Company 8 or Pumper Number 8 is a historic fire station located at Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1891-1892 and is a two story red brick building. It features a corbeled brick frieze flat roof rusticated stone work and terra cotta detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Benjamin Holmes House is located in Salem Salem County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1729 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31 1978.
 The Michael Sweetser House is a historic house at 15 Nahant Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1755 by Michael Sweetser an early settler of the area. It is traditionally Georgian in character although its front door surround was added during Greek Revival period of the mid 19th century.
 Hemenway Furniture Co. Building is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 4 1983.
 St Hilary's Church Wallasey is in the town of Wallasey Wirral England. It consists of a church built in 1858–59 and the separate tower of a former medieval church. Both the church and the tower are designated by English Heritage as Grade II listed buildings. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wallasey.
 The Indiana Statehouse is the state capitol building of the U.S. state of Indiana. Housing the Indiana General Assembly the office of the Governor of Indiana the Supreme Court of Indiana and other state officials it is located in the state capital Indianapolis at 200 West Washington Street. Built in 1888 it is the fifth building to house the state government.The first statehouse located in Corydon Indiana is still standing and is maintained as a state historic site.
 Williamsville is a historic home located at Studley Hanover County Virginia. The main house was built between 1794 and 1803 and is a two-story five bay brick I-house in the Federal style. It has a rear ell. The house features a one-story wood porch surmounted by a balustrade and sophisticated trim including the fully developed modillioned cornice and the elaborate Adamesque mantels.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Virginia War Museum is located in Huntington Park on Warwick Blvd. Newport News Virginia. The museum contains exhibits on American military history from 1775 to the present.
 Bloemenwerf is the name of the residence house of Belgian painter architect and interior designer Henry van de Velde built in 1895. It is located at Uccle Belgium. Velde designed the house and its interior as well as the furnishings. It was inspired in part by William Morris' Red House.Van de Velde gave everything in the house from the door furnishings to the wallpaper the same patterns of embellishments and flowing linear shapes.
 The B'er Chayim Temple (Hebrew for Well of Life a metaphor in which Torah is likened to water) in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland was built in 1866 for the local Jewish congregation. Originally Orthodox it is now Reform. It is one of the oldest congregations in Maryland and its 1865 building is one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
 Grove Hill Mansion is an historic mansion at Florence Road and Front Street in Northampton Massachusetts. The mansion was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Robert V. Denney Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse is a modern five-story steel structure in Lincoln Nebraska. The building is named after the late U.S. District Court judge and U.S. House of Representatives member. The U.S. Department of Agriculture judiciary and district courts serve as the building's primary tenants.
 The Hayden Arch Bridge is a concrete arch bridge on old U.S. Route 14-16 near Cody Wyoming. It is the only example of its kind in Wyoming. Built in 1924-25 the single-span bridge spans 115 feet (35 m) with two smaller approach arches between rock canyon walls. The bridge carries the Cody-Yellowstone Highway across the Shoshone River with a shallow open-spandrel central arch and nominally-arched approach spans. The bridge is named after C.E.
 The A. J. Clark Store is located along Main Street in downtown Cornwall New York USA. It is a brick Italianate building dating from approximately 1875. It has a two-foot (60 cm) parapet around its entire roof and a covered two-story porch looking out on the street. Inside original period features such as a pressed-metal ceiling hardwood floors doors and staircase remain.
 The Pano is a 57 storey riverside condominium located in Bangkok. It is the thirteenth tallest building and fourth tallest residential building in Thailand.The Pano has a height of 219 metres and 57 floors.
 Indian Mission (Luckhard Museum) is a historic Native American Christian mission at 590 E. Bay Street in Sebewaing Michigan.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 Centre Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Hamilton New Zealand. It is located in the suburb of Hamilton Central.Home to 2 state of the art cinemas a dining lane and exclusive fashion retailers Centre Place has it all. In 2013 an extension of Centre Place replaced the former Downtown Plaza.
 The Great North Museum is a visitor attraction in Newcastle upon Tyne in North East England. It features three venues: the Great North Museum: Hancock the Hatton Gallery on the Newcastle University campus and the Regional Resource Centre in the basement of the Discovery Museum. All three venues are currently open.
 The Edward Hornblower House and Barn is a historic farmstead at 200 Pleasant Street in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1830 and was probably moved to its present location around 1850. At that time it also received stylistic modifications giving it a more Italianate appearance. It was further modified in the 1870s probably by financier Edward T.
 Untermyer Park (also known as Untermyer Gardens previously part of an estate known as Greystone) is a historic park of 43 acres situated in Yonkers Westchester County New York just north of New York City.
 Ljung Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Harzé Castle (French: Château de Harzé) is a castle in the village of Harzé in the municipality of Aywaille province of Liège Belgium.
 One One One Eagle Street is the tallest office building in Brisbane Queensland Australia located in the city centre. With 6 star Green Star office design rating the building is part of the CBD's 'Golden Triangle' district. Its location is the site of the old Indigo House building which was demolished over a period of six months starting in 2008. 95% of all waste from the old building is to be recycled or reused.The site is located between the Riverside Centre and Riparian Plaza buildings.
 Boca Raton Regional Hospital is a 400-bed not-for-profit health care organization located in Boca Raton Florida. Born out of compelling need in 1967 Boca Raton Regional Hospital has consistently focused its efforts and its resources on one mission and one purpose only; the health and welfare of the patients it serves.
 Oil City South Side Historic District also known as Venango City and Laytonia is a national historic district located at Oil City Venango County Pennsylvania. It is directly south of the Oil City Downtown Commercial Historic District. The district includes 882 contributing buildings and 2 contributing objects in a mixed use section of Oil City. It includes a large number of dwellings commercial buildings churches and institutional buildings.
 The Tower at Cityplace is a 42-story building located at 2711 North Haskell Avenue at North Central Expressway (US 75) in the Cityplace district of Uptown Dallas Texas (USA). The building is 560 feet (171 m) tall and has 1400000 square feet (130000 m2) of office space. It's also the tallest building outside of Downtown Dallas.
 St Lawrence's Church Crosby Ravensworth is in the village of Crosby Ravensworth Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of five local churches to form the The Leith-Lyvennet Group of Parishes. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Cochran Farm 2900 Ohio 129 Millville was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The web site of the Ohio Historic Preservation Office of the Ohio Historical Society says William and Rebecca Cochran came from Adams County Pennsylvania in 1814. They settled in Hamilton County where they lived until 1825. They then moved to Butler County near Millville.
 Frauenstein Castle (German: Burg Frauenstein) is a ruined castle in the town of Wiesbaden-Frauenstein in Hesse Germany.It is not known who built Frauenstein Castle but based on dendrochronological evidence its construction has been dated to around 1184. Built on a quartzite outcropping of the Spitzen Stein the castle was not intended as a defensive fortress but rather as a watch-tower. It also served the tower guards as a dwelling.
 Clayton Hall is a 15th-century manor house on Ashton New Road in Clayton Manchester England. It is hidden behind trees in a small park. The hall is a Grade II* listed building a scheduled ancient monument and a rare example of a medieval moated site (grid reference SJ88099857). It is surrounded by a moat making an island 66 m by 74 m.
 Pua'a-2 Agricultural Fields Archeological District is a historic site of Ancient Hawaiian agriculture on the Big Island of Hawaiʻi.
 The Tinker Building is a historic building in Orlando Florida located at 16 and 18 West Pine Street. On July 17 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception is a historic Roman Catholic church located at 6th and Pine Streets in Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1858 and is a brick church building trimmed in limestone and measuring about 100 feet long and 60 feet wide. The front facade features three brick towers; two corner ones are set diagonally with onion-shaped domes topped with crosses and the center square tower (built 1881) now used as a belfry has arched louvred openings.
 Rose Bower is a historic farm complex located at Stoney Creek Dinwiddie County Virginia. The first building on the property is the 1 1/2-story kitchen built about 1818 as the primary dwelling. The main dwelling was built in 1826 during the Federal period and is a two-story frame hall-parlor-plan house with a 1 1/2-story rear ell.
 The Jefferson Avenue–Huron River and Harbin Drive–Silver Creek Canal Bridges are two separate bridges sharing a continuous railing that were jointly listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 10 2000.The Jefferson Avenue Bridge carries West Jefferson Avenue (known south of the river as the U.S. Turnpike) across the Huron River which connects Brownstown Charter Township in Wayne County to Berlin Charter Township in Monroe County.
 Gen. Louis Wagner Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the West Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a three-story 15 bay yellow brick building in a Classical Revival-style. It features a projecting center entrance bay with portico and Ionic order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Church of the Holy Sepulchre also called the Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre or the Church of the Resurrection by Eastern Christians is a church within the Christian Quarter of the walled Old City of Jerusalem. It is a few steps away from the Muristan.The site is venerated as Golgotha (the Hill of Calvary) where Jesus of Nazareth was crucified and is said also to contain the place where Jesus was buried (the Sepulchre).
 Richard Beard House is a historic home located near Hillsboro Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built about 1890 and is a two-story Queen Anne style frame dwelling. The house has a side facing T-plan. The front facade features a one-story front porch running one half the width of the house and a three-sided hipped roof bay. Also on the property is a spring house dated to about 1890.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Yedikule Fortress (Turkish Yedikule Hisarı in Greek Ἑπταπύργιον Heptapyrgion; meaning Fortress of the Seven Towers) is located in the Yedikule neighbourhood of Fatih Istanbul Turkey. It was built in 1458 by adding three new towers to a section of the Walls of Constantinople which included the Golden Gate.
 Sifaiye Medresesi is a medrese built in 1217 in Sivas Turkey. It bears typical Seljuk features and was built by the Rûm Seljuk Sultan Kaykaus I who was known for his fondness for the city of Sivas where he spent the large part of his period of reign.The complex consists of a Darüşşifa (Dâr al-Shifâ literally house of health a hospital) and the medrese where medicinal studies were also taught.
 The Saxony Apartment Building is a historic apartment building in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located along Ninth Street in the city's downtown this five-story brick building includes a distinctive range of architectural details. Among these elements are brick pilasters and projections a three-story bay window on each side of the symmetrical main facade semicircular balconies and many stone pieces such as pediments keystones and stringcourses.
 The Historic Caddo Lake Drawbridge at Mooringsport Louisiana is a vertical-lift bridge that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1914 to replace a ferry by the Midland Bridge Company of Kansas City Missouri under authority of the Caddo Parish Police Jury. The lift span has been inoperable since the 1940s.This vehicular bridge illustrates the Vertical-Lift design of John Alexander Low Waddell of the firm of Waddell & Harrington.
 The Cuero Commercial Historic District in Cuero Texas is a 21-acre (8.5 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It includes multiple works of architect Jules Leffland. The listing included 59 contributing buildings.
 The Folsom Hotel at southwest of junction of Grand Ave. and Wall St. in Folsom New Mexico is a historic stone building built in 1888 that served as a department store and as a hotel. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The hotel was originally the Drew & Phillips General Mercantile Store; it was modified by John Odell in 1910 to serve as a hotel.In 2009 it appeared long-abandoned.
 Mt. Zion Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church building at 500 High Street in Brenham Texas.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1921 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 St. Peter's Church is a historic Episcopal church located on the corner of Third and Pine Streets in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It opened for worship on September 4 1761 and served as a place of worship for many of the United States Founding Fathers during the period of the Continental Congresses. The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1996. The church remains an active parish worshiping on Sundays at 9am and 11am. The current rector is the Rev. Ledlie Laughlin.
 The Adilman Building (built in 1912 expanded in 1921 and renovated in 1949) is a historic building in the Riversdale district of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is one of Saskatoon's remaining examples of Streamline Moderne architecture.Adilman's Department Store was a cornerstone of the 20th Street shopping district from its opening in 1921 until it closed in 1974. The Adilman family operated the department store from 1921 until Jack Adilman's retirement in 1974.
 Bowie Town Center is a shopping center in Bowie Maryland.
 The Sam Tung Uk Museum (Chinese: 三棟屋博物館) is a museum restored from Sam Tung Uk (literally three-beam-dwelling which describes the original floorplan) a Hakka walled village in Tsuen Wan Hong Kong.
 The Colonel Ira C. Copley Mansion is a historic residence in Aurora Illinois.Owned by the --------------
 Watkins Glen Grand Prix Course 1948–1952 is a historic Grand Prix auto race track located at Watkins Glen in Schuyler County New York. It includes the public rights of way that constituted the route of the original 6.6-mile (10.6 km) Watkins Glen Grand Prix course used from 1948 to 1952.
 The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City also known as Pentagon City Mall is an upscale shopping mall in Arlington Virginia. It is situated in the Pentagon City neighborhood on the lower levels of the Washington Tower office building former home of MCI's Consumer Markets headquarters near Interstate 395 and Hayes Street. The mall takes its logo from the architectural design of Washington Tower.
 The Château d'Oigny is a manor-house in the region of Villers-Cotterêts which was built in the style of Louis XII between 1498 and 1515.It is located in Oigny-en-Valois Aisne.
 James D. Hathaway House is a historic house located at 311 Pine Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1843 by James D. Hathaway a carpenter and was perhaps designed by Russell Warren or copied by Hathaway from his designs.It is one of seven extant monumental temple-fronted Greek Revival houses in Fall River. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is currently a law office.
 The George Lawshe Well House is a building located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Turks and Caicos National Museum is the national museum of the Turks and Caicos Islands. It is located in Guinep House on Front Street to the north of Cockburn Town on Grand Turk Island which is also the capital of the archipelago. Established in the 1980s and opened in 1991 the museum is publicly funded as a nonprofit trust. It exhibits pre-historic Lucayan culture and records the history of the islands of the colonial era and the slave trade all related to the sea.
 Woodlands also known as the Frederick Blount Plantation is a historic plantation house in Gosport Alabama. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1980 due to its architectural significance.
 The Longfellow House in Minneapolis Minnesota United States is a 2/3 scale replica of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's home in Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was neither seen or lived in by Longfellow (who died in 1882) but was the home of an admiring Minneapolis businessman named Robert Fish Jones.
 Ulm Minster (German: Ulmer Münster literally: minster) is a Lutheran church and former Roman Catholic church located in Ulm Germany. Although sometimes referred to as Ulm Cathedral because of its great size the church is not a cathedral as it has never been the seat of a bishop.Ulm Minster like Cologne Cathedral (Kölner Dom) was begun in the Gothic era and not completed until the late 19th century.
 Allaire Village is a living history museum located within New Jersey's Allaire State Park in Wall Township Monmouth County New Jersey. The village was originally established as a bog iron furnace known as the Howell Works which the company's owner philanthropist James P. Allaire endeavoured to turn into a self-contained community. Allaire Village and its existing buildings are now operated by a non-profit organization - Allaire Village Inc.
 The John L. Thompson House is a historic house in The Dalles Oregon United States. John L. Thompson an American emigrant and successful blacksmith built his house in 1889 in a simple one-story vernacular style. Subsequently in 1897 the house underwent a significant expansion to become a prominent Queen Anne residence. The house represents the evolution of architecture in frontier towns and is one of The Dalles' outstanding examples of the Queen Anne style.
 The First National Bank of Adams is a historic commercial building located on Main Street in Adams Minnesota United States. Built in 1924 it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The interior of the building includes a mural by John W. Norton. The building also housed the village council chambers and was later operated as a municipal liquor store and known as the Adams Municipal Liquor Store.
 St Mary's Church Birdforth or Birdforth Old Chapel is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Birdforth North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Gilbert Row is a group of historic rowhouses in the southern part of the Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Composed of six individual small houses and a more substantial structure designed as a commercial building the row was built by the real estate firm of Thomas Emery's Sons according to a design by the Steinkamp Brothers architectural firm.
 The Crown is an historic public house situated on All Saints Lane Bristol England and is near to St Nicolas Market. The Crown is located in an area known as the Old City. The Crown was built in the 18th Century and is a grade 2 listed building.Since the closure of the Eclipse in July 2006 the Crown now rivals the Hatchet as an Alternative pub which is popular with goths punks rockers metalheads and emos.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church of Montrose also known as the United Methodist Church of Montrose is a historic church in Montrose Colorado United States. It was designed circa 1909 as an Akron Plan church by Thomas P. Barber but it not completed until 1920. A 1991 addition was designed by Parik Davis.
 Borreby Castle (Danish: Borreby Slot) is a fortified manor house located near Skælskør Slagelse Municipality in the south-west corner of the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark.
 Susquehannah Turnpike is a historic 25 mile turnpike beginning at Catskill on the Hudson River and stretching through the town of Durham in Greene County New York. Part of the route follows the Mohican Trail and it features a number of stone arch bridges. Nine of the 25 original milestones remain.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Agudas Achim Synagogue formally known as Congregation Agudas Achim is located on Rock Avenue in Livingston Manor New York United States. It is a stucco-sided wooden building erected in the 1920s to serve the growing Jewish community in that area of the Catskills.It was founded as an unofficially Orthodox congregation that catered to a diverse group of local Jews not all of whom were themselves Orthodox.
 St Andrew's Church Gunton is a redundant Anglican church adjacent to Gunton Hall in the parish of Hanworth Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in woodland to the east of the hall.
 Pleasant Valley Wine Company also known as Great Western Winery is a historic winery complex located in the Hamlet of Rheims in the Town of Urbana in Steuben County New York. The complex consists of nine historic buildings constructed of fieldstone. The five oldest structures were built in the 1860s and are in the Italianate style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The winery has the largest plantings of Chardonnay and Riesling in New York.
 The Palmetto Building built during 1912-1913 is an early skyscraper in Columbia South Carolina. It was designed by architect Julius Harder and Wilson and Sompayrac served as supervising architects. Upon completion it was the tallest building in South Carolina.The Palmetto Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was important in the architectural career of Charles Coker Wilson establishing his credentials for steel frame skyscraper construction.
 The Gate to the East also known as the Gate of the Orient (simplified Chinese: 东方之门; traditional Chinese: 東方之門; pinyin: dōng fāng zhī mén) is a $700 Million (USD) skyscraper under construction in Suzhou Jiangsu. It is intended to be a gateway to the city that emphasizes the city's continuing significance in today's China. The building is to be around 300 metres (980 ft) high and located in the heart of Suzhou's central business district.
 Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 6 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Bethel Township and South Buffalo Township in Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1927 and 1928 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and consists of the lock dam esplanade Operations Building and two locktenders' houses. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet and has a lift of 12.4 feet. The dam measures approximately 20 feet high and 992 feet long.
 The Alexander Nevsky Church is the only Russian Orthodox church in Copenhagen. It was built by the Russian Government between 1881 and 1883 prompted by Princess Dagmar of Denmark's marriage to Alexander Alexandrovich on 9 November 1866 and their later ascent to the Russian throne as Tsar Alexander III of Russia and Tsaritsa Maria Feodorovna. The church is dedicated to the Russian patron saint Alexander Nevsky
 Middlesbrough Town Hall was built between 1883-1889 to replace the older and much smaller Old Town Hall. The architect was George Gordon Hoskins of Darlington and the project cost £130000. It is a Grade 2 listed building.The building is of sandstone ashlar with slate roofs built around four sides of a courtyard with the main town hall on the north side. As well as offices and conference rooms it contains a still intact though obsolete courtroom and a sizeable theatre.
 The Daniel Howell Hise House is an historic home that was part of the Underground Railroad. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located in Salem Ohio.
 Elliott and Stoddard Halls are the two oldest remaining buildings on Miami University's Oxford Ohio campus today. Built in 1828 (Elliott) and 1835 (Stoddard) they were designed in the Federal style and modeled after Connecticut Hall at Yale University. They continue to be used as dormitory buildings making them the two oldest college dormitories still in use in Ohio. They were the original dormitories on the campus and were built to house students who attended classes at Miami’s campus.
 Hurst-Pierrepont Estate is a historic estate located at Garrison in Putnam County New York. It was designed by noted architect Alexander Jackson Davis (1803-1892) for Edwards Pierrepont (1817-1892) and built in 1867. It is a two story brick Gothic villa. It features a four story flat roofed tower. Also on the property is a cow barn and carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Hines Round Barn in Sallisaw Oklahoma United States is a round barn that was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Fourteenth Ward Industrial School is located at 256-258 Mott Street between Prince and Houston Streets in the Nolita neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built for the Children's Aid Society in 1888-89 with funds provided by John Jacob Astor III and was designed by the firm of Vaux & Radford in the Victorian Gothic style. The Society built a number of schools for indigent children at the time.
 Timothy Skinner House is a historic home located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It is a large Italianate style brick residence. The residence was built about 1869 and is composed of a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay main block with a 2-story two-bay recessed wing. The property was sold to the American Legion in 1964.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Leopoldov Prison (Slovak: Nápravnovýchovný ústav a Ústav na výkon väzby Leopoldov) is a 17th-century fortress built against Ottoman Turks in the 19th century it was converted into a high-security prison in the town of Leopoldov Slovakia. Once the largest prison in the Kingdom of Hungary in 20th century it became known for housing political prisoners under the communist regime notably the future communist President of Czechoslovakia Gustáv Husák.
 Arthur Taylor House in Paris Idaho was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Burgruine Hardegg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 St. Augustine Parish is a Roman Catholic parish located in Hartford Connecticut. In addition to a church the parish also administers a school St. Augustine School.
 Marconi-RCA Wireless Receiving Station is a historic district at the junction of Old Comers Rd. and Orleans Rd. in Chatham Massachusetts. It and its companion transmitter station at Marion were used for WCC the busiest ship to shore radio station for most of the 20th century replacing the original WCC site in South Wellfleet.
 The Church of St. Monica commonly referred to as St. Monica's is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 413 East 79th Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1879.
 St Austin's Church is a Roman Catholic Church building in Wakefield. It is situated where Northgate Road meets Marsh Way close to the city centre. It was founded in 1827 by the Society of Jesus and is a Grade II listed building.
 Emanuel Alston House is a historic home located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. It was built about 1915 and is a rectangular one-story vernacular frame dwelling on a brick foundation with a hipped metal roof. It features a full-width porch with its own low hipped roof that extends across the primary façade.
 Springfield Plantation House is the oldest wood-frame house in Fort Mill South Carolina and was the site of one of the last meetings of the Confederate cabinet. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Merchants National Bank or Brooks Building is a commercial building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States built and opened in 1892 as a financial center in St. Paul's Lowertown neighborhood at the corner of Jackson Street and Fifth Street. The structure designed by Edward Bassford uses sandstone in a Richardsonian Romanesque style. The ground floor was occupied by an influential bank while the upper stories provided law offices.
 Fondo del Sol Visual Arts Center founded in 1973 is a non-profit visual arts center in Washington D.C. It is the second oldestLatino multicultural museum in the United States. The Center whose focus in the art and cultural heritage of the people of the Americas is D.C.'s only multilingual museum and offers materials in both English French Russian and Spanish.
 The James Monroe Law Office located in Fredericksburg Virginia was used for that purpose from 1786 to 1789. James Monroe would later become the fifth President of the United States (1817-1825). It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.The building is now the James Monroe Museum and Memorial Library which is owned by the Commonwealth of Virginia and operated by the University of Mary Washington.
 Glenesk Folk Museum is a museum located in the Glen Esk valley in Tarfside Angus Scotland which is run by members of the local community. It is about 9 miles (14 km) north of the village of Edzell. It is housed in a former shooting lodge known as 'The Retreat' which used to belong to the earls of Dalhousie. The museum contains artefacts and documents related to the history of the surrounding area. It also has a shop selling locally-produced gifts and a tearoom.
 Gompers School also known as Eastern High School and Samuel Gompers General Vocational School is a historic high school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was designed and built during a period from 1904 to 1906 as a public high school and remained as an educational facility until its closing in 1981. It is a flat-roofed building on four floor levels roughly square in plan.
 Zhengzhou Ferris Wheel is a 120-metre (390 ft) tall giant Ferris wheel at Century Amusement Park in Zhengzhou Henan China.When it was completed in 2003 Zhengzhou Ferris Wheel was the tallest Ferris wheel in China and the second tallest in the world after the 135-metre (443 ft) London Eye. There are now four 120 m Ferris wheels in China the other three being Changsha Ferris Wheel (completed 2004) Suzhou Ferris Wheel (completed 2009) and Tianjin Eye (completed 2008).
 The U.S. Post Office in Joliet Illinois is a two-story building designed by James Knox Taylor. Plans for the Post Office were made in 1899 when Congress approved $100000 for its construction. The property was purchased from the Robinson family for $15000. Joliet's rapid growth in the early 20th century necessitated an expansion and Congress allowed $185000 for additional land purchase and Post Office expansion. This was the last major structural change to the building.
 The John A. Crabtree House is located at 15 Factory Street in the village of Montgomery in Orange County New York a short distance from the Montgomery Worsted Mills co-owned by Crabtree and his partner Arthur Patchett who also lived nearby. The house had been built by Crabtree's father William and remained in the family for a long time. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Mount Olivet Methodist Church is a historic church building located on the Cleveland County Arkansas fairgrounds near Rison Arkansas. It is a simple rectangular structure built c. 1875 with twin entrances on one of the gable ends. The long sides of the church have four windows while the rear wall has two and the exterior has minimal decoration. The interior is a single chamber again with minimal styling.
 Middleburg Plantation is a plantation founded by a French Huguenot Benjamin Simons in 1699 on the Cooper River near Huger South Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.The property has an entry in the South Carolina Department of Archives and History.
 The Basilica of St. Sernin (Occitan: Basilica de Sant Sarnin) is a church in Toulouse France the former abbey church of the Abbey of St. Sernin or St. Saturnin. Apart from the church none of the abbey buildings remain. The current church is located on the site of a previous basilica of the 4th century which contained the body of Saint Saturnin or Sernin the first bishop of Toulouse in c. 250.
 Pratt-Faxon House is a historic house at 75 Faxon Lane in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Sunbury Lunatic Asylum first opened in October 1879. Its proclamation as an Asylum was published in the Government Gazette on 31 October 1879.Prior to being opened as an Asylum Sunbury was controlled by the Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools (VA 1466). When Sunbury was acquired by the Hospitals for the Insane Branch (VA 2863) patients were transferred from the Ballarat Asylum (VA 2844) and the Ballarat Asylum was handed over to the Department of Industrial and Reformatory Schools.
 Echo Lake Park is a park located along the Mount Evans Scenic Byway about 33.5 mi (54 km) west of Denver Colorado. The park provides a stone shelter with picnic tables and barbecue grills on one end of the lake and the 1926 Echo Lake Lodge (gift shop and restaurant service only) and an Arapaho National Forest campground are found at the other. Access to backpacking trails including the Chicago Lakes trail and Lincoln Lakes trail can be found adjacent to the lake.
 Drakesbad Guest Ranch also known simply as Drakesbad is a resort near Chester California. It is located on Hot Springs Creek at the head of Warner Valley in Lassen Volcanic National Park.
 St. Peter's Church Farndon is a parish church in the Church of England in Farndon Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Sultan Ibrahim Building (Malay: Bangunan Sultan Ibrahim; Jawi: باڠونن سلطان إبراهيم) is a former state secretariat building of Johor. It is located at Bukit Timbalan in Johor Bahru Malaysia. The building was constructed between 1936 and 1939 and was completed in 1940 as the British colonial government attempted to streamline the state's administration. It was officially opened by the late Sultan Ibrahim of Johor.It was also the tallest building in Malaya during the pre-Merdeka era.
 Mechanics Mill is an historic cotton textile mill located at 1082 Davol Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The mill was constructed in 1868 from red brick in the Italianate style. The mill's octagonal tower originally had a highly decorative top that has been removed. The mill office was once located in front of the mill along Davol Street but has also been removed.The Mechanics Mill company was incorporated on May 25 1868 by a special charter granted by the Massachusetts Legislature.
 Myung Sung Presbyterian Church is the largest Presbyterian church in the world.[citation needed] It was founded in 1980 and is located in Myung-il-dong Seoul South Korea with its Prayer Sanctuary in Wonju. Myung Sung Presbyterian Church has over thirty church plants including Myung Sung First Presbyterian Church founded in 2004 and Myung Sung Second Presbyterian Church founded in 2006 along with an additional ten screen (video) churches.
 Alanya Castle (Alanya Kalesi) is a medieval castle in the southern Turkish city of Alanya.
 James Alfred Roosevelt Estate also known as Yellowbanks is a historic estate located at Cove Neck in Nassau County New York. It is located several hundred feet west of Sagamore Hill home of President Theodore Roosevelt. It was designed by noted architect Bruce Price (1845-1903) in 1881 as a summer home for James A. Roosevelt (1825-1898) uncle to Theodore Roosevelt.
 Alaca Imaret Mosque or Ishak Pasha Mosque is a 15th-century Ottoman Mosque in Thessaloniki Greece.
 The Residence of Prince Miloš (Serbian: Конак кнеза Милоша) is a royal residence in the Topčider municipality of Belgrade Serbia. It was originally used as the palace of Prince Miloš Obrenović. It was built in 1831 after Serbia was given autonomous status in the Ottoman Empire. The grounds include a plane tree over 160 years old one of the oldest in Europe.
 Selwyn is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and expanded in the 1850s. It is a large 2 1/2-story five bay frame I-house dwelling in a combination of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. The house sits on a brick foundation has a gable roof with dormers and exterior end chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing frame dairy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Prince of Wales Hospital is a major public teaching hospital located in Sydney's eastern suburb of Randwick providing a full range of hospital services to the people of New South Wales Australia. The hospital has strong ties to the University of New South Wales.
 Millwood is the site and ruins of an antebellum plantation house at 6100 Garner's Ferry Road (US 76) Columbia South Carolina. Owned by Colonel Wade Hampton II and his wife Ann Fitzsimmons Hampton it was the boyhood home of their first son Wade Hampton III and other children. He later became a Confederate general and later South Carolina governor and U.S. Senator. After the death of Wade Hampton II in 1858 the house was inherited by his four unmarried daughters.
 US Post Office—Akron is a historic post office building located at Akron in Erie County New York. It was designed and built 1939-1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is virtually identical to the post offices at Scotia Oxford Middleburgh and Horseheads.
 St. James' Church (Irish: Eaglais Naomh Séamais) a former Church of Ireland church in James's Street Dublin Ireland was established in 1707. The corresponding parish which was separated from that of nearby St. Catherine's was established in 1710. There had been a shrine dedicated to St. James at nearby St. James's Gate a stopping-off point for pilgrims since medieval times.
 Traveler's Rest was a stopping point of the Lewis and Clark Expedition located about one mile south of Lolo Montana. The expedition stopped from September 9 to September 11 1805 before crossing the Bitterroot Mountains and again on the return trip from June 30 to July 3 1806. Traveler's Rest is at the eastern end of the Lolo Trail. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
 Hoyt Hall is located on the western campus of Miami University in Oxford OH. Currently Hoyt houses the Career Planning and Placement Office and IT Services.Originally built and used as a library for the Western College for Women replacing Alumnae Hall. It was converted into a hall in 1981 when Miami Trustees deemed it Hoyt Hall and the office for Career Services.
 See Mercy Hospital for other medical facilities with the Mercy name.Mercy Medical Center – Dubuque is a non-profit medical facility located in Dubuque Iowa. It is one of two hospitals located in the city - the other being Finley Hospital. The hospital is based primarily in Dubuque with a critical access hospital in Dyersville Iowa.Mercy - Dubuque is located just to the north of U.S. Highway 20 on Mercy Drive. The hospital is visible from the highway. To reach the hospital from U.S.
 Pujehun Central Mosque is the main mosque in Pujehun District in the South of Sierra Leone. The mosque is located in the town of Pujehun. The Chief Imam of the Pujehun Central Mosque is Sheik Alhaji Ahmed Jalloh [2]. The mosque is also the seat of various islamic cultural events.
 The former Old Town Elementary School is an historic two-story four-classroom school building in Old Town Dixie County Florida. Built in 1909-1910 of bricks fired on site it is the oldest public building in Dixie County. In 1930 the auditorium was built by George Levingston. In 1999 it was replaced by a new school.
 City Gate Towers (Romanian: Turnurile Porţile Oraşului) are two class A office buildings located in Bucharest Romania. The project consists of two 18 floor buildings with a surface of 36000 m2 (18000 m2 each). The project also has provide 1000 parking spaces.
 Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral is a Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is located on East 10th Street just west of Main Street.
 The Mount Lowe Railway was the third in a series of scenic mountain railroads in America created as a tourist attraction on Echo Mountain and Mount Lowe north of Los Angeles California. The railway originally incorporated by Professor Thaddeus S. C. Lowe as the Pasadena & Mt. Wilson Railroad Co.
 The Samuel Caldwell House is a historic house in the village of Caldwell Ohio United States. Erected in 1832 it is the oldest house in the village.Surveyor Robert Caldwell settled at the site of the present house in 1809 becoming the first settler in the vicinity. His son Samuel expanded the farm and began to diversify building both a gristmill and a sawmill on his property by 1836. Noble County was formed in 1851 being the last of Ohio's counties to be created.
 Neutra VDL Studio and Residences the home of architect Richard Neutra is located at 2300 Silver Lake Boulevard in Los Angeles California. It is also known as the Neutra Research House the Van der Leeuw House or the Richard and Dion Neutra VDL Research House II. It was designed by Richard Neutra and his son Dion Neutra.
 Rugg Elementary School is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 10 2001.
 The William Brattle House is an historic house at 42 Brattle Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is one of the seven Colonial mansions described by historian Samuel Atkins Eliot as making up Tory Row.
 Jesus Lifehouse International Church Yokohama is an international church located near Sakuragicho Station Yokohama.
 The Cascade Locks Historic District is a historic district located in Akron Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Washburn University Carnegie Library Building in Topeka Kansas United States is a Carnegie library built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Plymouth City Museum and Art Gallery in the Drake Circus area of Plymouth Devon England is the largest museum and art gallery in the city. It was built in 1907–10 by Thornely and Rooke in Edwardian Baroque style. Its interior was restored in 1954 after being gutted in The Blitz.The Museum has collections of fine and decorative arts natural history and human history. The museum's natural history collection consists of over 150000 specimens and an historic natural history library and archive.
 The David Stott Building is a class-A office building located at 1150 Griswold Street (corner of Griswold and State Streets) in Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Capitol Park Historic District. It was designed in the Art Deco style by the architectural firm of Donaldson and Meier and completed in 1929.
 Philip Foster Farm is a historic site in Eagle Creek Oregon United States near the city of Estacada. The farm is on a 640-acre (260 ha) land claim purchased in 1847 by American pioneer Philip Foster. Foster built a store house and barn at the farm.
 Serdika Center Sofia is a shopping mall located in Sofia Bulgaria opened in the spring of 2010 and has more than 210 stores. Serdika Center Sofia is located on Sitnyakovo Boulevard more specifically at the corner of Sitnyakovo Boulevard and Oborishte street in the municipality of Oborishte. The shopping mall is only 5 minutes drive from Sofia's main motorway Trakiya 10 minutes from Sofia Airport und 10 minutes from the central part of Sofia.
 Christ Church Cathedral in Nashville Tennessee is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. The congregation was founded in 1829 and became the diocesan cathedral by designation in 1997.
 Sunnyside Hospital (1863-1999) was the first mental asylum to be built in Christchurch New Zealand. It was initially known as Sunnyside Lunatic Asylum and its first patients were 17 people who had previously been kept in the Lyttelton gaol. In 2007 Hilmorton Hospital is just one of the mental health services that are based on the old Sunnyside Hospital grounds.
 The Tour Part-Dieu (formerly Tour du Crédit Lyonnais) is a skyscraper in Lyon France designed by the architect Christian de Portzamparc. The building rises 164.9 metres (541 ft) in the city's La Part-Dieu district with 42 floors. The building was completed in 1977. It currently stands as the ninth-tallest building in France. The top 10 floors are occupied by Radisson Blu Hotel Lyon the highest hotel in Europe.
 The Bradley-Hubbell House is an historic house located at 535 Black Rock Turnpike in Easton Connecticut. Built in 1816 for Aljah and Elizabeth Bradley it is a Colonial with a traditional center-chimney plan and a few Federal-style ornaments including oval windows in the gables a parlor mantel and rope molding on the stairs.
 Bay Shore Hose Company No. 1 Firehouse also known as Second Avenue Fire House is a historic fire station located at Bay Shore in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1886 or 1887 and is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame structure with a prominent bell tower. It features a slender hose-drying tower at the rear. Throughout its history it has been used as a fire station synagogue and boarding house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Ranney Bridge is a historic Pratt Pony Truss Bridge over the Ausable River at Keene Valley in Essex County New York. It was built in 1902 and was built by the Canton Iron Bridge Company. It was originally located at the hamlet of New Russia and moved to its present site about 1925. It is 15 feet 9 inches wide and spanning 59 feet 9 inches at roughly 7 feet 4 inches above water level.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Solund Church (Norwegian: Solund kyrkje) is the main parish church in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Hardbakke on the western coast of the island of Sula. The church is part of the Solund parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has about 200 seats was consecrated on 22 November 1860 by the Bishop Jens Matthias Pram Kaurin.
 St. Nicholas Catholic Church is an historic Roman Catholic church located at 925 Main Street in Zanesville Ohio. It was built in 1898 in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. St. Nicholas Parish is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Columbus which was founded in 1842 for the German-speaking population of the area. The church operates a consolidated Catholic school with St. Thomas Aquinas Parish in Zanesville.
 St. Alphonsus Church is a site in New Orleans Louisiana.Completed in 1857 it served as a Roman Catholic church for the Irish Catholic community of the Lower Garden District section of the city. (Other churches nearby served the Francophone and Germanic Catholic communities including St. Mary's Assumption Church the Roman Catholic Church built across the street for the German Catholic community).
 St Helen's Basilica is a church in Birkirkara Malta. Birkirkara is one of the ten Maltese parishes which existed in 1436 the year of the Rollo drawn up by the bishop of Malta Senatore Mello. The parish was dedicated to St Helen and this was also the titular saint of the church built in the 18th century and still existing today. The church became a collegiate church in 1630 and a Minor Basilica on the 18th January 1950.
 The Russian Cultural Center is a museum and building in Washington D.C. to support Russian culture in the United States and preserve its causes and beliefs.
 The Aiken Tennis Club is a private court tennis club located at 146 Newberry Street SW in Aiken South Carolina. It includes the Court Tennis Building. The club was incorporated in 1898 with the sponsorship of financier and founder of the prominent Whitney family William C. Whitney.
 St. Dominic's Church (Portuguese: Igreja de São Domingos; Chinese: 玫瑰堂) is a late 16th century Baroque-style church that serves within the Cathedral Parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Macau. It is located in the peninsular part of the city at the Largo de São Domingos situated near the Leal Senado Building.The construction of the church was finished in 1587 and was overseen by three Spanish Dominican priests.
 The Elwood Bar was built in 1936 at 2100 Woodward Avenue (on the corner of Woodward and Elizabeth) in Detroit Michigan and is now located at 300 East Adams Street. The name comes from a combination of the cross streets: (El)izabeth and (Wood)ward. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Monterey Place best known as the Shepard House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The house was designed by architect George Franklin Barber in 1897 for Charles Martin Shepard the general passenger agent for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad in Mobile. Shepard's daughters Kate and Isabel began to use the house as a boarding school in 1910.The house features elaborate Queen Anne details eleven fireplaces and several stained glass windows.
 Blackmoor Priory Hermitage was a priory in Dorset England.
 Sinclairsholm Castle (Swedish: Sinclairsholms slott) is a castle in Hässleholm Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The Helix is a building on the Dublin City University campus in Glasnevin on Dublin's Northside originally planned to be called the Aula Maxima. It was completed in 2002 and it is described as a performance space and holds concerts university conferring ceremonies and national arts shows. The Helix has three areas for live performances:The Mahony Hall (1260 seats)The Theatre (450 seats) andThe Space (150 seats).
 The Abbey of the Santissima Trinità or Abbey of the Holy Trinity Italian: Abbazia della Santissima Trinità is a Roman Catholic abbey complex at Venosa in the Vulture area of the province of Potenza in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. The architecture of the abbey shows Roman Lombard and Norman influences.
 Zion Lutheran Church is an LCMS (Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod ) church in Crosstown Missouri.
 The Cleo Rogers Memorial Library also known as the Main Library is the flagship library of the Bartholomew County Public Library system which includes a branch in Hope Indiana and a Bookmobile that serves the county. The building was designed by I. M. Pei & Partners and constructed by Dunlap & Company completed in 1969 and dedicated in 1971.
 Republic Plaza (Chinese: 共和大厦) is one of the three tallest skyscrapers in Singapore located at the Southern end of Raffles Place in the Downtown Core the central business district of Singapore. It shares the title of tallest building with the OUB Centre and UOB Plaza One. Built at 280 metres (919 feet) tall it was completed in 1995 and incorporates earthquake proof features despite the city being relatively far from earthquake zones.The main entrance to the tower is at D'Almeida Street.
 Windmill Quaker State is a historic service station located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1928 by the Quaker State Corporation and is an example of an architectural folly. It is a roughcast stucco building with a windmill atop the gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Locust Grove is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built between 1840 and 1844 and is a two-story five-bay Georgian style brick dwelling. It has a hipped roof and end chimneys. On the front facade is a portico with coupled paneled columns. Also on the property are a contributing original kitchen and smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the Martha Jefferson Historic District.
 The John Rogers House is located in Branford Connecticut. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1988.
 Caer Llan is a field studies centre conference centre and former country house located at Lydart within the community of Mitchel Troy Monmouthshire south east Wales about 3 miles (4.8 km) south-west of Monmouth. It is close to the top of a scarp slope with extensive views westwards over the valley of the River Trothy and is accessed from the B4293 road.
 The Embassy of Turkey in Berlin maintains diplomatic relations and represents Turkey's interests in dealing with the German government. Currently Hüseyin Avni Karslıoğlu is the ambassador of Turkey to Germany.
 Gregory House built in 1869 is an historic Second Empire style building located at 140 South Cherry Street in Poughkeepsie.On November 26 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places
 The Robert E. Lee Monument in New Orleans Louisiana was built in 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The John Deere Plow Company Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Campbell Townhouses located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 West Norristown Historic District is a national historic district located in Norristown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It encompasses approximately 1700 buildings in a primarily residential neighborhood in the West End of Norristown. The housing predominantly consists of rowhouses with a large number of semi-detached houses.
 Sanders House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Museum of the Asturian People (Asturian: Muséu del Pueblu d'Asturies) is a museum in Gijón Principality of Asturias Spain.
 The Shops at Willow Bend is an upscale shopping mall located in Plano Texas with over 125 stores and three main anchors. The mall is located at the intersection of West Park Blvd (FM 544) and the Dallas North Tollway in West Plano.
 Spence's Point on the Potomac River near Westmoreland Virginia also known as John R. Dos Passos Farm was the home of writer John Dos Passos.
 The Seventh Regiment Armory located at 643 Park Avenue also known as Park Avenue Armory in New York New York United States is a historic brick building that fills an entire city block on New York's Upper East Side.
 The Krishnapuram Palace is a palace and museum located in Kayamkulam near Alappuzha in Alappuzha district Kerala in southwestern India. It was built in the 18th century by Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma (1729–1758 AD) the Travancore kingdom.
 Tianjin Museum is the largest museum in Tianjin China exhibiting a range of cultural and historical relics significant to Tianjin. The museum lies in Yinhe Plaza in the Hexi District of Tianjin and covers an area of about 50000 sq metres.
 Huckleberry Hall is a historic farm complex located at Leitersburg Washington County Maryland United States. The complex includes a 2 1⁄2-story Germanic stone house built about 1784 an 18th-century stone blacksmith shop a frame bank barn a mid-19th-century brick secondary dwelling and other agricultural outbuildings.Huckleberry Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Saint Michael and All Angels' Episcopal Church and Cambridge Township Cemetery is a historic district located in rural Cambridge Township in northwestern Lenawee County Michigan. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 4 2004. The district consists of both a church and a cemetery.
 St Mary Magdalene Church is a church in Sandringham Norfolk England located just to the northwest of Sandringham Estate. Members of the royal family attend services when in residence at Sandringham which normally includes Christmas.
 University Mall was a shopping center in central Arkansas which operated for approximately 40 years from 1967 until 2007. When it closed University Mall was the oldest enclosed shopping center in the Little Rock metropolitan area. Located in the central part of Little Rock the site is situated along South University Avenue north of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock and Interstate 630.
 Clarksburg Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Clarksburg Harrison County West Virginia. The district encompasses 119 contributing buildings in 16 blocks of the central business district of Clarksburg. It includes an extraordinary variety of architectural types and styles including Renaissance Revival and Italianate. Notable buildings include the Goff Building (1911) Municipal Building (1888) the Waldo Hotel (1901–1904) Robinson Grand (1912 1940) U.S.
 For the basilica church of the same name in Padua see Basilica of Saint Anthony of Padua The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua on Via Merulana (Italian: Sant'Antonio da Padova all'Esquilino Latin: S. Antonii Patavini de Urbe) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built for the Order of Friars Minor who needed a new home after they were moved from Santa Maria in Aracoelito allow the construction of the Monument to Vittorio Emanuele II.
 InterContinental Nha Trang is a beachfront hotel in Nha Trang. Besides the Sheraton Nha Trang and the Havana hotel Nha Trang. Originally designed as a Crowne Plaza the hotel underwent re-branding in 2013 and is now upgraded to an InterContinental hotel.The hotel is opened on March 17 2014.
 The Round Lake Logging Dam is located in Fifield Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Stover Mill is a historic grist mill located in Erwinna Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built of Pennsylvania fieldstone by Henry Stover in 1832. It is a 3 1/2-story mill building with the first two floors of native stone and upper stories of brick. The mill is unusual in that it takes its power directly from the Delaware River.Currently it operates as an art gallery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Salumeria Rosi Parmacotto is an Italian restaurant located at 903 Madison Avenue (between East 72nd Street and East 73rd Street) a block north of the Ralph Lauren store on the Upper East Side in Manhattan in New York City. It opened in September 2012.
 John Brand Sr. House is a historic home located at Elmira in Chemung County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story Italianate-style dwelling with a 2-story wing. Also on the property is a concrete fountain basin with a reproduction Victorian fountainhead.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Esprit Lodge is an historic lodge and hostel accommodation near Fort Coulonge a village in the Pontiac Regional County Municipality in Quebec Canada.Jesuit settler Father Dablon superior of the missions of the Upper Algonkin in 1670 made note of the importance of the area with respect to the many tribes of the aboriginal Ottawa peoples who inhabited the region.Originally the area prospered as a logging settlement but in the years since 1982 when the last of the log drives occurred ecotourism and white water rafting have become the prominent attractions for travelers here. 
 St David's Welsh Church Colwyn Bay (Eglwys Dewi Sant) is in Rhiw Road Colwyn Bay Conwy County Borough Wales. It is an Anglican church in the parish of Colwyn Bay with Bryn-Y-Maen the deanery of Rhos the archdeaconry of St Asaph and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is situated behind St Paul's Church and is a Grade II listed building.St David's Church was built in 1902–03 and designed by the Chester firm of architects Douglas and Minshull.
 The Old Fellwock Auto Company is a building built in 1923 in fine Prairie School style. It was designed by Shopbell & Company and by Edward J. Thole (who became a partner at Shopbell & Company). The building is identified by Evanston historic preservation specialists as a creditable Sullivanesque essay.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hebronville Mill Warehouse and Processing Company was owned and operated by John J. Ryan and Sons Cotton Brokers from the late 1920s through the second World War until the early 1950s. During this time the Mill was managed by Edward Ted W. Corr of Taunton MA.
 Capital Fort Business Center is a future class A office building in Sofia. It is the first skyscraper in Sofia Bulgaria. Moreover it will be 126 m tall building which makes it the tallest building in Bulgaria. It has 28 floors and a surface of 80.000 sqm. The building will have 2 underground floors which will serve as parking spaces for around 750 cars. [1]
 The Centre William Rappard at Rue de Lausanne 154 Geneva Switzerland was built between 1923 and 1926 to house the International Labour Office (ILO). It was the first building in Geneva designed to house an international organization.
 The Hannah Maria Libby Smith House also known as the Arnel Milner Home is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ovesholm Castle (Swedish: Ovesholm slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Alain Ducasse at the Dorchester is a restaurant located in The Dorchester a hotel in Park Lane London. It is one of 27 restaurants operated by French chef Alain Ducasse: the head chef is Jocelyn Herland. Since 2010 it has been one of four UK-sited restaurants to hold three Michelin stars. It opened in 2007 to mixed opinions but the reviews have since improved.
 R City Mall owned by Runwal Group is a shopping mall located in Ghatkopar Mumbai. The mall spreads across 1.2 million square feet with the capacity to house 139 stores. The mall was opened in two phases the total size of the first phase of the development is 750 thousand square feet.
 The West Jordan Ward Meetinghouse at 1140 W. 7800 South in West Jordan Utah was designed and built in 1867 by Elias Morris as a Mormon meetinghouse in a style that was later termed a first-phase meetinghouse. Since also known as D.U.P. Pioneer Hall it includes Classical Revival. As of 1995 it was historically significant as the sole remaining church and public building in West Jordan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Williams Deluxe Cabins is a historic motel complex located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1937 and includes four contributing buildings. They are a service station and motel office house and two multiple rental units. The buildings have Tudor Revival design influences such as half-timbering and rough faced stucco finish. The service station is a 1 1/2-story T-shaped building with a steeply pitched cross gable roof.
 Market Street Historic Districtis a historic district located at Corning in Steuben County New York.It was originally listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and its boundaries were increased in 2000.
 The First Universalist Church in Elgin Illinois was built in 1892. It was designed by George Hunter to resemble a pocket watch in Richardsonian Romanesque style. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was subsequently included as a contributing property in the Elgin Historic District.
 The John Morrow Elementary School (also known as Morrow Elementary School and Pittsburgh Morrow PreK-5) located at 1611 Davis Avenue in the Brighton Heights neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1895 (with additions in 1922 and later). It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 30 1986 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2002.
 St. John's Cathedral Polish Catholic Church in the Parkdale area of Toronto Ontario is the seat of the Polish National Catholic Church's (PNCC) diocese in Canada.In 2004 some members of the parish asked to be received back into the Utrecht Union from which the PNCC had seceded when the Union decided to accept the ordination of women and homosexuals.
 The Châteaux de Curemonte are three castles in the commune of Curemonte in the Corrèze département of France. Château de la Johannie (45°0′0″N 1°44′33″E) Château de Plas (45°0′4″N 1°44′34″E) Château de Saint-Hilaire (45°0′5″N 1°44′34″E)
 Hotel Le Majestic is a 4-star hotel in Annaba Algeria located at 11 Boulevard du 1er Novembre 1954. The hotel contains 91 rooms and 6 suites. It is served by an Oriental panoramic restaurant and bar.
 Shattuck House also known as Longshore House is a historic home located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built in 1928 and is an asymmetrically massed 2 1⁄2-story frame residence built in a combination of the American Craftsman and Colonial Revival styles. It was built as a summer home for Frank M. Shattuck a Syracuse restaurateur.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Ledgewood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in the Ledgewood section of Roxbury Township in Morris County New Jersey United States. Its anchor stores are Ashley Furniture HomeStores Macy's Marshall's and Walmart. It is a small regional mall with a Gross leasable area of 518246 square feet (48100 m2).
 Philip Dougherty House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is directly across the road from the Philip Dougherty Tavern. It was built about 1774 and is a two-story four bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. It features a full width front porch with a hipped roof. Also on the property are a contributing bank barn machine shop and milk house.
 The Danish Police Museum is dedicated to the history of law enforcement in Denmark. It is based in a former police station on Fælledvej off Sankt Hans Torv in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Sen. John Holmes House is located in Alfred Maine. The house was built in 1802 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 24 1975.Also known as the Bow and Arrow house the John Holmes House of Alfred Maine was built in 1802 for United States Senator John Holmes. The Federal style house originally had an enclosed court. The original kitchen which held a fireplace with ovens and a copper vat for water has been removed.
 The Henry P. Gray House is a building in Franklin Tennessee dating from c.1845. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It shows Greek Revival and Central passage plan architecture.When listed the property included one contributing building and three non-contributing structures on an area of 1 acre (0.40 ha).The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Afton Station Packard Museum a privately owned automotive museum on U.S. Route 66 in Afton Oklahoma is situated in a restored 1930s Eagle D-X filling station.
 The Wooden Church (Romanian: Biserica de lemn din Bocșa) was a church in Bocșa Sălaj Romania built in 1750 and demolished in 1937.
 ADK Hospital is the first private hospital situated in Malé Republic of Maldives. The hospital is one the two major hospitals located in Malé. ADK Hospital is owned by ADK Enterprises which also owns one of the biggest pharmacy lines in Malé Maldives.ADK Hospital has a total of 50 beds as of 2007.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church of Nyack also known as Old Stone Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church on North Broadway south of the junction of North Broadway and Birchwood Avenue in Upper Nyack Rockland County New York. It was built in 1812-1813 and is a one story three by two bay sandstone building on a stone foundation. It features a moderately pitched gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Grand Hotel in Big Timber Montana located at 139 McLeod was built in 1890. It was a work of Jacob Halverson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Barnstable's Old Gaol is an historic colonial jail on 3353 Main Street/Massachusetts Route 6A in Barnstable Massachusetts and is the oldest wooden jail in the United States of America.The jail was built in 1690 by order of Plimouth and Massachusetts Bay Colony Courts. Used as a jail from 1690–1820; at one time moved and attached to the Constable's home.
 The Currency Museum of the Bank of Japan (貨幣博物館 Kahei-hakubutsukan) formally known as the Currency Museum Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies Bank of Japan (日本銀行金融研究所貨幣博物館 Nihonginkō-kin'yū-kenkyūjo-kahei-hakubutsukan) is a museum about Japanese currency located in front of the Bank of Japan building in Chūō Tokyo.The museum opened in November 1985. In 2010 there was an exhibition of wallets from the Edo Period (1603–1867) and Meiji Era (1868–1912).
 Upper Nyack Firehouse built for the Empire Hook & Ladder Company No. 1 is a historic fire station located at Upper Nyack in Rockland County New York. It was completed in July 1887 and is a two story brick structure in the Queen Anne style. It features a corner bell tower and center gable above the main engine door.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Fashion Show Mall is a shopping mall located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada. Fashion Show Mall is owned by the General Growth Properties Inc. With 1888151 sq ft (175415.0 m2) of space this is one of the largest enclosed malls in the world. The mall has over 250 stores 7 anchors an elevated stage a fashion runway and The Cloud.Fashion shows take place in the mall every Friday Saturday and Sunday.
 US Post Office-Delhi is a historic post office building located at Delhi in Delaware County New York United States. It was built in 1938 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a symmetrically massed one story brick building with a stone watertable in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Renwick House is located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States. The Colonial Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. The home is not to be confused with the mansion built by William Renwick which is listed on the NRHP as a part of the St. Katherine's Historic District.
 The Ambassador Apartments is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Since 1979 it has been on the National Register of Historic Places.Described as Jacobean the Ambassador Apartments is unique in Portland for substituting Idaho sandstone instead of the glazed terra-cotta common in the facades and trim of structures dating from the 1920s. Located on prime downtown real estate the building has now been converted into condominiums.
 Ljosheim Chapel (Norwegian: Ljosheim kapell) is a chapel in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Mykløy at the southern end of the Oldedalen valley. The chapel is part of the Olden parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white stone chapel was built in 1924 as a bedehus or church building and it was consecrated as a chapel on 22 October 1935. The chapel seats about 100 people.
 The Ketchaoua Mosque (Arabic: جامع كتشاوة‎ Djamaa Ketchaoua) is a mosque in Algiers the capital of Algeria. It is located at the foot of the Casbah which was built during the Ottoman rule in the 17th century which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mosque that stands on the first of the Casbah’s many steep stairways was logistically and symbolically the cynosure of the pre-colonial city of Algiers.
 The Oriental Hotel also known as The Ori is a pub in Springwood a suburb of the Blue Mountains west of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Aghavnavank Monastery (Armenian: Աղավնավանք also Anapat St. Astvatsatsin Aghnabat) is a 12th-13th century monastic complex located at Dilijan National Park on the outskirts of Aghavnavank village of the Tavush Province of Armenia.
 Old North Knoxville is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located just north of the city's downtown area. Initially established as the town of North Knoxville in the late-19th century the area was a prominent suburb for Knoxville's upper middle and professional classes until the 1950s. After a period of decline perservationists began restoring many of the neighborhood's houses in the 1980s.
 CNA Center is a 600-ft (183 m) 44-story high-rise building located at 333 South Wabash Avenue in the Loop Community Area of Chicago.
 Hôpital de Verdun (English: Verdun General Hospital) is a hospital in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 4000 LaSalle Boulevard in the borough of Verdun.
 US Post Office—Great Barrington Main is a historic post office at 222 Main Street in Great Barrington Massachusetts. It was designed by architect Lorimer Rich and constructed in 1935. It was built principally of brick with marble wood and concrete details. The building is basically rectangular with a wooden portico supported by Doric columns projecting from the center of the building's front providing shelter for the main entrance.
 Mt. Horeb Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery in Elizabethtown North Carolina.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Farmers State Bank is a historic bank building at 101 South Main Street in Lindsborg Kansas United States that is now the Lindsborg City Hall.The Italianate building was constructed in 1887 as a branch of the Farmers State Bank and was the only bank of three to survive the Great Depression. In modern times the bank became a branch of Bank of America and another financial institution assumed the Farmers State name.
 The Dumbarton Oaks Park is a public park located in the 3100 block of R Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood. Access is viaLovers' Lane from R Street east of 32nd Street. It is located near Dumbarton Oaks Montrose Park and Oak Hill Cemetery.It is part of the Georgetown Historic District.
 The Church of St Mary at Charlynch in the parish of Spaxton Somerset England was an Anglican Parish Church but has now been deconsecrated. It dates from the 11th century with a tower probably of 1867. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church contains monuments and tablets to the family of Admiral Robert Blake.
 731 Lexington Avenue is a 1400000 sq ft (130000 m2) glass skyscraper on the East Side of Midtown Manhattan New York City. It houses the headquarters of Bloomberg L.P. and as a result is sometimes referred to informally as Bloomberg Tower. The building also houses retail outlets restaurants and 105 luxury condominiums. The residences are known as One Beacon Court and are served by a separate entrance.
 Woodstock in Natchez Mississippi is a Greek Revival building built in 1851. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Lemington Glass Works was the site of glass production in Lemington Newcastle upon Tyne England for over 200 years. All that remains now is its iconic last glass cone a famous local landmark.
 Sturt Mall is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Wagga Wagga New South Wales Australia.Sturt Mall was opened on the 12 November 1979 at a cost of A$24 million (1979). The Sturt Mall provides direct competition with the nearby Wagga Wagga Marketplace. The proximity of the shopping centres has provided Wagga with a Coles Group-Woolworths rivalry which is evident in metropolitan areas.A feature of Sturt Mall is the 220 seat food court.
 Leeds General Infirmary also known as the LGI is a large teaching hospital based in the centre of Leeds West Yorkshire England and is part of the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust. Its previous name The General Infirmary at Leeds is still sometimes used.The first hospital known as Leeds Infirmary was opened in 1771 on what is now the site of the former Yorkshire Bank in Infirmary Street off City Square Leeds.
 San Bernardino alle Ossa is a church in Milan northern Italy best known for its ossuary a small side chapel decorated with numerous human skulls and bones.In 1210 when an adjacent cemetery ran out of space a room was built to hold bones. A church was attached in 1269. Renovated in 1679 it was destroyed by a fire in 1712. A new bigger church was then attached to the older one and dedicated to Saint Bernardino of Siena.
 Our Lady of Ransom Church is a Catholic church located in Kanyakumari Tamil Nadu India.From the shore where the fishing boats are moored you can see the three towering spires of this off-white Gothic structure with a distinct Portuguese feel. The Church of Our Lady of Ransom is a more than 100-year-old building dedicated to Mother Mary. But what catches your eye first-up is the 153-foot-high (46 meters) central tower crowned with a Cross of pure gold.
 The Cappella Demidoff di San Donato or Demidoff Chapel of San Donato is today host of the Church of Christ in Florence found on via San Donato. The church was formerly the private chapel of the Villa San Donato that was built by the rich Russian noble Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov 1st Prince of San Donato. It hosted a Russian Orthodox rites. The chaple recalls both the Pantheon in Rome with its central oculus and the villa Caprarola by Andrea Palladio.
 Bauern Freund Print Shop is a historic print shop located at Marlborough Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1838 and is a 2 1/2-story brick building with a gable roof. It has a front porch with a hipped roof. The building was built by Enos Benner a German-American publisher of Der Bauern Freund (The Farmer's Friend) and other influential German language publications.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Madison National Bank now known as Boone-Madison Public Library is a historic bank building located at Madison Boone County West Virginia. It was built in 1918 and is a three-story rectangular brick building with a symmetrical limestone façade in the Beaux-Arts style. It has a flat roof and parapet. The front facade features a three-story multi-light arched window opening flanked on either side by Corinthian order pilasters.
 Green River Presbyterian Church (also known as Green River Bible Church) is a historic Presbyterian church at 134 W. Third Avenue in Green River Utah.The late Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1906. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Tioga Centre General Store is a historic general store located at 3019 Rt 17 C Tioga Center in Tioga County New York. It was built about 1849 and is a two story frame structure on an irregular coursed stone foundation. The building reflects the typical Greek Revival front gabled style of commercial building popular in the mid-19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It is the oldest commercial building in Tioga County NY.
 Edward Penniman House and Barn is a historic site in Eastham Massachusetts located on Fort Hill which is currently protected by the Cape Cod National Seashore and home to Indian Rock.The house was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Cliffside Hose Company No. 4 is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988. The firehouse was built to protect the north end of Montclair and currently houses Montclair Fire Department's Engine 2 and Truck 2.
 Granite Trust Company is a historic building at 1400 Hancock Street in Quincy Massachusetts.The Art Deco building was constructed in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Bender's Restaurant-Belmont Buffet in Canton Ohio was designed by architect Guy Tilden and was built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Redwoods Hotel also known as the Redwood Towers is an historic six-story hotel building located at 306-310 Northwest 6th Street in Grants Pass Josephine County Oregon. Built in 1926 of reinforced concrete with cast concrete art deco ornamentation on its front facade it was designed by the architectural firm of Tourtellotte and Hummel noted for the many buildings it designed in Idaho and Oregon. Its builder was R.I.
 Restaurant Duinrand was a restaurant located in Drunen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-1995.First owner and head chef was Menno Huybrechts. In 1992 he sold the restaurant to Wulf Engel.The restaurant closed down in 2002 due to bankruptcy.
 Otham Manor previously known as Wardes is a late 14th-century manor house in Otham Kent.The house was built in the late 14th century probably around 1370 and was altered and extended in the 16th century. It is a L-shaped two-storey timber-framed hall house; the north wing being the older part and the south wing being from the 16th century. The north wing has jettied bays at each end; the western bay having been rebuilt.
 The Silver Star was a 40-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Silver Star was expected to be completed in 2008 but it was cancelled.
 The Flowers Building is a building built in 1902 in Columbus Georgia. Its Chicago style design is by architect T. Firth Lockwood. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as the Columbian Lodge No. 7 Free and Accepted Masons.The building was constructed in 1902 as meeting hall for local Masonic lodges (with commercial retail and office space rented on the floors not occupied by the Masons). The Masons sold the building to a Mr. Flowers in 1940.
 The Lincolnshire is a grand mansion at 22 Hidden Rd. and 28 Hidden Way in Andover Massachusetts.
 The Unity Chapel is located in town of Wyoming in Iowa County Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Carroll County Courthouse is located in Carrollton Ohio and is the second for the county. It was designed by architect Frank Weary in the Second Empire style. The courthouse was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1974-10-22.
 Øvre Bardu Chapel (Norwegian: Øvre Bardu kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It is located along the Sørdalselva river in the Sørdalen valley in eastern Bardu. The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1971 by the architect Petter Bratli.
 Dexter Avenue Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Montgomery Alabama. The church was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1974. In 1978 the official name was changed to the Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church in memory of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who helped to organize the Montgomery Bus Boycott in the church's basement. The church is located steps away from the Alabama State Capitol.
 Rex Hospital is a general hospital located in Raleigh North Carolina. It is the capital city's oldest hospital founded by a bequeath from John T Rex (1771-1839) a tanner and respected member of the local society. Originally located on what is now Dorothea Dix campus and later on St. Mary's Street Rex is now located in west Raleigh at the corner of Blue Ridge Road and Lake Boone Trail.
 The Carlton D. Wall House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed home in Plymouth Michigan. It is one of Wright's more elaborate Usonian homes. In 1941 recently married Mr. and Mrs.
 The Wayne Morse Family Farm was the home of Oregon’s long-time United States Senator Wayne Morse. It is located in Eugene Oregon. The 27-acre (110000 m2) site was originally a working farm called Edgewood Farm by the Morse family. It includes the Morse home a natural wooded area and open meadow. Formerly named Morse Ranch the park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Noland Company Building is a historic building located at Newport News Virginia. The original section was built in 1920 and is three stories in height and is a cast-in-place concrete and brick structure. Later additions are a four-story brick addition and two-story brick addition parallel to the four-story section to create a U shape. The building took its present form by 1938. It features large industrial-sized windows that provide light in both the three- and four-story sections.
 Mariah's Chapel is a historic United Methodist chapel in Grandin North Carolina. The chapel grounds also have a cemetery.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Founded by Parson Samuel R. Johnson early services were held beginning in 1836-37 in the counting room of Thomas Benbridge. Benbridge had an accounting office. The first building dedicated on 30 Dec 1838 on Missouri St. A new building was built in 1858 on the Northwest corner of Sixth and Ferry. Major repairs were completed in 1887 with the addition of a Sunday School.
 St. Stephen's Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Brady's Bend Township Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1867 and is a one-story sandstone building in the Gothic Revival style. It has a steeply pitched gable roof and measure 36 feet wide and 68 feet deep. In 1925 it was converted for use as a community meeting hall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 D. H. Springhouse is a historic springhouse located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland. It is a little gray stone building set into the base of a steep hill. This is a stone springhouse with a schoolroom above 16.5 feet by 23 feet with one narrow wall set into the bank over several fresh springs. It was built about 1816 and the quality of stonemasonry is notable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Wendouree Tearooms is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia.It is believed Daniel Connor built a shop and house on this site in the late 1860s. During the recession of the 1880s this building along with other Connor properties was sold. Alterations over the years to both sides of the building now completely conceal whatever may remain of the original construction.
 Rochester City School No. 24 also known as School #24 and Ellwanger and Barry School is a historic school building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1913 and is a one story Spanish Colonial Revival style building.
 IMM Mall is a mall located within walking distance and visible from Jurong East. There is a free shuttle bus service that ferries visitors between the MRT station and the mall and another service between International Business Park (IBP) and the mall.It is a five-storey mall with 944575 square feet (87753.9 m2) of retail space. It opened for business in 1991. The mall is owned by CapitaMall Trust. The mall has capacity for 248 retail outlets and 388 non-retail.
 The Saint Louis Capuchin Church is a Latin Catholic church in downtown Beirut located to the north of the Grand Serail and Council of Reconstruction and Development. Built in 1864 by the Capuchin missionaries and named it in the honor of King Louis IX of France. The church is highly noticeable for its sand-stone facades rose-colored wooden windows and its new towering campanile.
 The Bordentown School (officially titled the Manual Training and Industrial School for Colored Youth the State of New Jersey Manual Training School and Manual Training and Industrial School for Youth though other names were used over the years) was a residential high school for African-American students located in Bordentown in Burlington County New Jersey United States.
 Union Bridge Station is a historic railway station in Union Bridge Carroll County Maryland. It was built in 1902 as a stop for the Western Maryland Railway. It is representative of the rural railway stations constructed during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The station's two buildings are arranged with their south façades lengthwise fronting the railroad tracks.The railroad operated a major railroad car shop adjacent to the station from the late 19th century until the 1950s.
 The Zink Block is a historic commercial building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built in 1896 for William T. Zink for his furniture sales and repair store. It is a five-story brick building with a flat roof and Italian Renaissance Revival detailing. It sits on a stone foundation. The seven bay front facade features two stacked tripartite bay window units on the second through fourth floors.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Finger Wharf or Woolloomooloo Wharf is a wharf in Woolloomooloo Bay Sydney Australia. The structure is the longest timbered-piled wharf in the world and was completed in 1915.
 The Strengthen the Arm of Liberty Monument in Fayetteville Arkansas is a replica of the Statue of Liberty. It was placed by the Boy Scouts of America as part of its 1950's era campaign Strengthen the Arm of Liberty.It is located in front of Washington Regional Medical Center on North Hills Blvd.The statue was removed from the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 when it was improperly moved to its new location
 The Boston Public Library McKim Building (built 1895) in Copley Square contains the library's research collection exhibition rooms and administrative offices. When it opened in 1895 the new Boston Public Library was proclaimed a palace for the people. The building includes lavish decorations a children's room (the first in the nation) and a central courtyard surrounded by an arcaded gallery in the manner of a Renaissance cloister.
 The Oasis Hospital is a hospital in Al Ain United Arab Emirates that was established in 1960 by the American missionary couple Drs. Pat and Marian Kennedy. It is the oldest hospital in Al Ain and is currently a 200 bedded facility owned by CURE International.
 The Holz Family Farmstead included an 80-acre (32 ha) family farm in Eagan in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Ground was broken by the Holz family in the 1870s and they raised livestock crops fruits and vegetables until 1993. In 1995 the city of Eagan purchased the property for use as a living farm museum.
 3 Hudson Boulevard formerly known as the GiraSole is a supertall skyscraper proposed for construction in New York City's Hell's Kitchen Manhattan neighborhood. Construction is scheduled to begin in 2013 with the building's completion planned for 2016. It is expected to rise 66 floors and 1060 feet (323 m) in height. FX Fowle Architects designed the building which would have 139355 m2 of floor space. The building's former name Girasole means sunflower in Italian.
 The House at 242 Summer Avenue in Reading Massachusetts is a well preserved Shingle style house. The two story wood frame house was built in 1912; it has irregular massing with a hip roof. There are two gable-topped pavilions framing a central section of the front facade which have roof sections extending to the sides of the house that shelter porches (the front entry to the right a sitting porch to the left).
 Lynford Hall is a neo-Jacobean country house at Mundford near Thetford in the English county of Norfolk. It is now an hotel.
 The Balsam Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station is located at the summit of the mountain of that name in the Town of Hardenburgh New York United States. It comprises a steel frame fire lookout tower the observer's cabin and privy and the jeep road to the complex.Balsam Lake Mountain the westernmost of the Catskill High Peaks was the site of the first fire lookout tower in New York in 1887 when a nearby sportsmen's club built it to protect their lands below the mountain.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church (Catholic Church of St. Mary Mother of God; Neue Katholishe Mu) is a historic church at 206 Cherry Rd. NE in Massillon Ohio.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 St Catherine's Church Boot is in the village of Boot Cumbria England. It is the Anglican parish church of Eskdale Cumbria and is in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of Irton St Paul Muncaster St Michael and St John Waberthwaite. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It stands by the side of the River Esk.
 The Sodality Chapel is a historic Roman Catholic chapel building on the campus of Spring Hill College in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1850 in a simple Greek Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a part of the 19th Century Spring Hill Neighborhood Thematic Resource on October 18 1984.
 The Newcomb–Brown Estate is located at the junction of the US 44 highway and Brown Road in Pleasant Valley New York United States. It is a brick structure built in the 18th century just before the Revolution and modified slightly by later owners but generally intact.
 The Verkhovna Rada building (Ukrainian: Будинок Верховної Ради) is located in the center of Kiev the Pechersk Raion. The building is located at the Constitution Square.It is the place where the Ukrainian parliament (Verkhovna Rada) meets for all regular and ceremonial sessions. The building was erected between 1936–38 to a design by Volodymyr Zabolotny (Vladimir Zabolotny) in the neo-classical Ukrainian architectural style of the Stalin era.
 Woodcroft Castle is a converted medieval castle in the parish of Etton Cambridgeshire England.
 David Landreth School is a historic school building located in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a two-story three bay brick building with a stone foundation in the Gothic Revival-style. A three-story nine bay yellow brick addition was built in 1928. It features a large corbelled brick cornice sandstone sills and lintels and three large brick chimneys with corbelled caps. It was named after the founder of the D.
 The Barre Common District is a historic district encompassing the town common of Barre Massachusetts and immediately adjacent historic buildings. It is bounded roughly by South Exchange Main Pleasant Broad School and Grove Streets. The Barre common was laid out in 1792 and has been a focus of the town's civic life ever since. It is flanked by many 19th century buildings and is the site of memorials to the town's military.
 The Tampa Museum of Art is located in downtown Tampa Florida. It exhibits modern and contemporary art as well as Greek Roman and Etruscan antiquities. The museum was founded in 1979 and debuted an award-winning new building in 2010 just north of its original site along Tampa's Riverwalk on the banks of Hillsborough River.
 Gobbler Hill is a historic home located at Chestertown in Kent County Maryland United States. It was built in 1858 and is a center-hall plan frame house on a foundation of local fieldstone and brick. It is five bays wide two bays deep and two stories tall with late Greek Revival / early Italianate style details. It features a shallow hip roof surmounted by a tall belvedere and a full-width porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Agincourt Mall is a shopping mall located at Kennedy and Sheppard Avenue in the Tam O'Shanter area of Scarborough in northeastern Toronto Canada.
 The Franciscan Church (German: Franziskanerkirche) is one of the oldest churches in Salzburg Austria. The church is located on the corner of Franziskanergasse and Sigmund-Haffner-Gasse opposite the Franciscan Friary in the Altstadt section of the city. The first church on this site was erected in the eighth century. Between 1408 and 1450 a Gothic choir replaced the Romanesque choir. A slender Gothic tower was added between 1468 and 1498.
 LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes also called LA Plaza is a Mexican-American museum and cultural center in Los Angeles California USA. It opened in April 2011.The museum is near Olvera Street in the Los Angeles Plaza Historic District also called El Pueblo. It is next to La Iglesia de Nuestra Señora Reina de los Angeles also called La Placita or Plaza Church.The museum contains interactive exhibits designed by experience design expert Tali Krakowsky. Its president is Gustavo Herrera.
 The Boekel Building is a historic factory building located in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania at 505-515 Vine Street west of North 5th Street. It was built in 1922-23 and is a six-story reinforced concrete building clad in brick with terra cotta details. It features massive brick piers and broad banks of windows; the windows were replaced in 1992. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Nahant Life-Saving Station is a historic coastal rescue station at 96 Nahant Road in Nahant Massachusetts. The station which consists of a residence and an equipment building was established in 1900 by the United States Life-Saving Service before being taken over by the United States Coast Guard in 1915. The station was discontinued in 1964 and the facilities were converted recreational use by the Coast Guard.
 Kohvik Moon is a restaurant in Tallinn Estonia located near the Viking Line harbour.The restaurant focuses on simple food. Despite its small size and non-central location it is so popular that since its opening in December 2010 the restaurant was almost full of customers every day for several months and its owners often had to work almost round the clock. The restaurant was chosen as the best restaurant in Tallinn of the year in 2010.
 Saint Anthony's Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Davenport Iowa United States at the corner of 4th and Main Streets. It is the first church congregation organized in the city of Davenport and the second after St. Raphael's Cathedral in Dubuque in the state of Iowa. The parish buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Anthony's Roman Catholic Church Complex.
 The Central Seminary Building currently houses the Santisimo Rosario Parish Church the Central Seminary and the Ecclesiastical Faculties of the Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas in Manila. The Parish was canonically inaugurated on April 26 1942 by Michael O'Doherty the Archbishop of Manila during that time. In 2011 the National Museum of the Philippines formally declared the Central Seminary Building as a National Cultural Treasure.
 Peace Harbor Hospital is a 21-bed acute care facility and a Level IV Trauma Center. It is located in Florence Oregon and serves western Lane County.
 Congregation Agudath Shalom also known as Agudas Sholom the Walnut Street Synagogue or the Walnut Street Shul is an active historic Orthodox Jewish synagogue at 145 Walnut Street in Chelsea Massachusetts.
 The Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise is a Fairmont Hotel on the eastern shore of Lake Louise near Banff Alberta. The original Chateau was gradually built up at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century by the Canadian Pacific Railway and was thus kin to its predecessors the Banff Springs Hotel and the Château Frontenac. The hotel's wooden Rattenbury Wing burned down on 3 July 1924 and was replaced by the current Barrot Wing one year later.
 The Telegraph House is an historic hotel located in Baddeck Nova Scotia.
 Page House is a historic home located at Cochecton in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1892 is a large two story cross gabled frame Queen Anne style dwelling. It features asymmetrical massing picturesque roofline domed corner tower decorative shingled surfaces and an elaborately detailed verandah. An extension was added in 1905. Also on the property are a springhouse and small barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Wellington Town Hall is a concert hall and part of the municipal complex in Wellington New Zealand. The foundation stone for the building was laid in 1901 and construction began the following year. It was officially opened on 7 December 1904. The Town Hall was originally fronted (on the Cuba Street side) with a Roman styled portico and a 150 foot clock tower. A clock was not installed in the tower until 1922 when John Blundell owner of The Evening Post newspaper donated one.
 Park Hyatt Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located at Guindy Chennai India that opened in 2012. It is the 30th hotel in the Park Hyatt portfolio.
 Rockland Almshouse is an historic almshouse at 198 Spring Street in Rockland Massachusetts.The structure was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983. It is currently used as an educational facility.
 Saint Thomas Episcopal Church and Rectory is an historic Episcopal church located on Putnam Pike in the village of Greenville in Smithfield Rhode Island.Resolved Waterman donated land for the church. Prominent architect Thomas Alexander Tefft built the church in 1851 and it opened on February 5 1851 consecrated March 9 1852. According to The History of the State of Rhode Island Rev. James H. Eames was chosen rector at its organization and remained until March 8 1857.
 Bower Place (also known as Bower Place Shopping Centre) is a shopping centre located in Red Deer Alberta Canada. It has more than 110 stores and services including The Bay Sears Target Toys R Us and Shoppers Drug Mart. The mall underwent a $55 million redevelopment that commenced in September 2004 and was completed in August 2009.
 Tickhill Friary was a friary in South Yorkshire England.
 Escan Tower is a mixed use approved skyscrape to be built along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The Escan Tower will cost 2 Billion AED. The tower will be 60 storeys high 40 floors will be used as residential and 20 floors will be used for commercial purposes.The Escan Tower is slated for completion by 2011.
 Abiathar King Williams House is an historic house at 43 Ingell Street in Taunton Massachusetts United States.The house was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Seven Islands Methodist Church is a historic church located at 8100 Seven Islands Road near the south bank of the French Broad River in Knox County Tennessee. The church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The congregation was founded in 1803 the first Methodist congregation established in Knox County. The church was built circa 1865. As of 1994 it was being used by a non-denominational congregation.
 Shaikh Isa Palace is a palace in western Bahrain. The Palace lies just northeast of Al Rawda Palace in Riffa.
 Landover Mall was a large shopping mall located in Landover Maryland directly across from FedEx Field off MD 202 and Interstates 95 and 495. The mall was built by Sonny Abramson and Ted Lerner of Lerner Enterprises and opened in 1972. Like its neighbor Capital Plaza Mall it was a major attraction through its opening years in Prince George's County.
 The Des Moines Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was built in 1930 based on the designs of the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Rawson Souers & Thomas. It is a combination of the Art deco and Art Moderne styles. The 14-story structure rises to a height of 190 feet (58 m). The former office building was abandoned and in May 2011 the city of Des Moines declared it a public nuisance so as to acquire it to be redeveloped.
 The Fraeylemaborg is a borg in the village of Slochteren in the Netherlands. At present the Fraeylemaborg is a historic house museum which had 29106 visitors in 2013.
 St. John's Metropolitan Community Church is a Christian church catering to the LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender) population in Raleigh North Carolina United States. The church is a member congregation of the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) a worldwide fellowship of LGBT-affirming churches. St. John's is also affiliated with the North Carolina Council of Churches and the Raleigh Religious Network for Lesbian and Gay Equality (RRNLGE).
 Lūznava Manor (also known as: Dlužneva or Glužņeva) is a manor house located in the village Lūznava Rēzekne District Latvia. Today the local technical schools of Lūznava is located in the manor house. There is also a 19th century barn near a manor house.
 La Hougue Bie is a historic site with museum in the Jersey parish of Grouville. Hougue is a Jèrriais/Norman language word meaning a mound and comes from the Old Norse word haugr. Bie is of uncertain origin. The legend of La Hougue Bie connects it with the Seigneur of Hambye in the Cotentin; an Old Norse origin may connect it to -by toponyms in Great Britain; or it may be connected to the Jèrriais word bié (leat).La Hougue Bie is depicted on the 2010 issue Jersey 1 pound note.
 Amara is a fashion boutique in Mumbai India. It houses collections from leading fashion designers of India including Varija Bajaj Nachiket Barve Cherie D Namita Joshipura and many more. They retail traditional Indian clothes like lehenga cholis sarees and ethnic dresses. It also houses some western collection like frocks gowns skirts and blouses. It has designer footwear handbags and other accessories too.Along with retail they host many fashion events.
 Ruxox Cell was an Augustinian monk's cell in Bedfordshire England. It was documented in 1189 and 1290 and was used as a retreat by resigned priors of Dunstable Priory.An excavation was done in 1959 and the interim report is held at Bedfordshire Record Office.
 First United Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) located in San Francisco California. Formed in 1886 it was the first Lutheran congregation in California to use English as its primary language for worship. In 1990 First United was suspended and later expelled from the ELCA for ordaining an openly gay pastor against the wishes of the denomination.
 Boyd House also known as the President's House and the OU White House is the official residence of the president of the University of Oklahoma. In 1976 the Department of the Interior added it to the National Register of Historic Places citing the building's great contribution to the growth and development of Oklahoma. The OU President (currently David Boren) is provided the Boyd House as a primary residence free of charge.
 The Church of Saint Clement of Ohrid (Macedonian: Соборна црква - Свети Климент Охридски) often called simply Soborna Crkva (Соборна црква) located in Skopje Macedonia is the largest Orthodox temple of the Macedonian Orthodox Church today.
 New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park (NBWNHP) is a United States National Historical Park in New Bedford Massachusetts and is maintained by the National Park Service (NPS). The park commemorates the heritage of the world's preeminent whaling port during the nineteenth century.Established in 1996 the park encompasses 34 acres (fourteen hectares) dispersed over thirteen city blocks.
 The Coldrum Long Barrow also known as the Coldrum Stones are the remains of a chambered long barrow located near to the village of Trottiscliffe in the English county of Kent.
 The First Hospital of Jiaxing (嘉兴市第一医院) or The First Hospital Affiliated to Jiaxing College is a general hospital located in Jiaxing Zhejiang Province the People's Republic of China with the rank of Grade 3 Class B.
 Montfichet's Tower (Mountfitchet's or Mountfiquit's Tower or Castle) was a Norman fortress on Ludgate Hill in London between where St Paul's Cathedral and City Thameslink railway station now stand. First documented in the 1130s it was probably built in the late 11th century. The defences were strengthened during the revolt of 1173–1174 against Henry II. It was demolished in 1213 by King John and the site sold in 1275 to build the great Dominican priory of Blackfriars.
 Victoria Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Victoria Texas. Opened in 1981 the mall is managed by Hull Storey Gibson.
 The Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks Lodge also known as the Elks Civic Building is a historic building in Montrose Colorado United States. It served as an Elks lodge from construction in 1927 until 1969 and has since housed a college and city offices. The building is listed on the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties and the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of Saint Andrew's at the Quirinal (Italian: Sant'Andrea al Quirinale Latin: S. Andreae in Quirinali) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome Italy built for of the Jesuit seminary on the Quirinal Hill.The church of Sant'Andrea an important example of Roman Baroque architecture was designed by Gian Lorenzo Bernini with Giovanni de'Rossi. Bernini received the commission in 1658 and the church was constructed by 1661 although the interior decoration was not finished until 1670.
 The McLemore House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The property has also been known as the Harvey McLemore House as it was the home of ex-slave Harvey McLemore who became a successful farmer. It has also been known as the House and Estate of Maggie Matthews.
 Arbutus Lodge is a former restaurant and hotel located in Cork in County Cork Ireland. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1974-1983 1987 and 1988.The Egon Ronay Guide awarded the restaurant one star in the periods 1975-1978 1983 and 1987. It was awarded two stars in the periods 1979-1981 and 1984-1985.
 The Rueylong Museum (Chinese: 瑞龍博物館; pinyin: Ruìlóng Bówùguǎn) is a natural history museum in Qionglin Township Hsinchu County Taiwan.
 Eugene Tapin House is a historic house at 215 Lebanon Hill Road in Southbridge Massachusetts. The large Tudor Revival house was built in 1929 at a time when rural portions of Southborough were gradually become suburbanized. It is one a few high style Tudor homes in the city. It was built by F.X. LaLiberte to a design by LaLiberte's son Oswald for the latter's sister and her husband Camille and Eugene Tapin.
 The Otago Museum is located in the city centre of Dunedin New Zealand. It is adjacent to the University of Otago campus in Dunedin North 1500 metres northeast of the city centre. It is one of the city's leading attractions with over 480000 visitors each year and has one of the largest collections in New Zealand.
 The Florida Citrus Tower is a 226-foot-tall (69 m) structure built in 1956 in Clermont Florida. Once the most famous landmark of the Orlando area it was built to allow visitors to observe the miles of orange groves surrounding it; developments in the citrus industry since its construction have left it providing a view of suburban neighborhoods today.
 Metrocentro Managua is one of the oldest shopping centers in Managua Nicaragua developed and operated by the salvadorean Grupo Roble. The shopping center is home to 120 stores a food court a supermarket and a movie theater. A total of 4 million people visits Metrocentro Managua every year.
 ChristChurch Cathedral is a deconsecrated Anglican cathedral in the city of Christchurch New Zealand. The cathedral was built in the second half of the 19th century and located in the centre of the city surrounded by Cathedral Square.
 Norfolk Waterside Marriott is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. The tower houses a 397-room Marriott Hotel.
 King George V Graving Dock also known as No. 7 Dry Dock is a former dry dock situated in Southampton's Western Docks. It was designed by F.E. Wentworth-Shields and constructed by John Mowlem & Company and Edmund Nuttall Sons & Company. It was formally opened by HM King George V and Queen Mary on 26 July 1933 although the final construction work was only complete the following year.
 The William J. Paugh House also known as Rosewall is a very pure example of a Carpenter Gothic - Gothic Revival house one of a very few in Northern California. It is located in Jackson California in Amador County. It was built in the late 1850s by Charles L. Parish artist architect and builder.According to Parish family lore it was built to impress a school teacher that Charles was in love with in order to persuade her to marry him.
 Snow School was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is located in the unincorporated rural community of Snow Oklahoma approximately 18 miles north of Antlers Oklahoma.
 The Museum of Oriental Ceramics Osaka (大阪市立東洋陶磁美術館) is a Japanese art museum and regarded as one of the best ceramic-collections in the world. This museum collects studies conserves exhibits and interprets East Asian ceramics which mainly came from ancient China and Korea. The world-famous Ataka Collection donated by the 21 companies of the Sumitomo Group as well as the Rhee Byung-Chang Collection provide the public an aesthetic experience with first-class collection.
 Forest Chapel stands in an isolated position in the civil parish of Macclesfield Forest and Wildboarclough in Cheshire England within the Peak District National Park 4.5 miles (7 km) from Macclesfield. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an Anglican church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield. Its benefice is combined with those of Jenkin Chapel Saltersford and Holy Trinity Rainow.
 The United States Capitol rotunda is the central rotunda of the United States Capitol in Washington D.C.. Located below the Capitol dome it is the tallest part of the Capitol and has been described as its symbolic and physical heart.The rotunda is surrounded by corridors connecting the House of Representatives and Senate sides of the Capitol. To the south of the rotunda is the semi-circular National Statuary Hall which until 1857 was the House of Representatives chamber.
 The Henry Bigelow House built in 1830 is an historic Greek Revival style building located at 15 Bigelow Terrace in the village of Newton Corner in Newton Massachusetts. Since Bigelow Terrace is a short cul-de-sac that extends south from Boyd Street in the town of Watertown the mailing address of this property is Watertown.On September 4 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 101 Independence Center is a 301 ft tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors. It sits on the site of the former site of the Independence Building at Charlotte's Independence Square.
 1201 Pennsylvania Avenue is a highrise skyscraper office building in Washington D.C. on Pennsylvania Avenue. The building is 49 m (160 ft) tall and has approximately 13 floors. Its construction ended in 1981. Tenants include Covington & Burling.
 The Craighead-Jackson House is a historic two-story brick house in Knoxville in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The home was constructed by John Craighead in 1818 across the street from the William Blount Mansion. The house is on the National Register of Historic Places. The Craighead family lived in the house until 1855 when it was sold to William Swan. Swan who later was a member of the Confederate Congress soon sold the house to George Jackson.
 Eastgate Mall is a shopping mall located in Glen Este Ohio in the suburbs of Cincinnati Ohio. The mall contains over 90 stores with Dillard's JCPenney Kohl's and Sears serving as anchor stores. CBL & Associates Properties owns and manages the mall.McAlpin's now Dillard's was added in 1992 and Kohl's in 1995.
 Portside is a 139 metre skyscraper currently under construction in Cape Town South Africa. Due for completion in December 2013 and occupation from January 2014 it will be the city's tallest building and will be Cape Town's first significant skyscraper developed in the central business district (CBD) in 15 years. The building is jointly owned by Rand Merchant Bank and Old Mutual. The banks will self-occupy while Old Mutual will be renting office space to premium customers.
 The East End Historic District in Newburgh New York USA is the lower portion of what the state and city recognize as a single historic district along with the Montgomery-Grand-Liberty Streets Historic District. Its 445 acres (2 km²) contain 2217 buildings including Washington's Headquarters State Historic Site a National Historic Landmark.This area includes much of the southeastern quarter of the city.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at 400 S. Broad Street in Burlington North Carolina.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Vienna Twin Tower is a building complex located in the Wienerberg City in Favoriten the tenth district of Vienna. The complex is located near the Wienerberg on the Wienerbergstraße and near Triester Straße.The twin building is the tallest building in the newly built quarter which is currently mostly a series of apartment and office buildings. Construction began in 1999 and finished in 2001. The highrise has 37 floors above ground and office space of over 100000 square metres.
 Villa La Roche also Maison La Roche is a house in Paris designed by Le Corbusier and Pierre Jeanneret in 1923–1925. It was designed for Raoul La Roche a Swiss banker and collector of avant-garde art. Villa La Roche now houses the Fondation Le Corbusier.
 Skinny House is an extremely narrow two-story house in Deerfield Illinois. It is located on Hazel Ave. on Chestnut Street and is located near the Deerfield Metra Station. The yellow-sided two-story house was built to fit a narrow lot. Not rectangular it appears to be no wider than six feet at the east end and flares out to around 20-25 feet at the west end. To local residents it is also known as the Pie House because to some it looks like a pie.
 Birken Forest Buddhist Monastery or Sītavana (Pali: Cool Forest) is a Theravada Buddhist monastery in the Thai Forest Tradition near Kamloops British Columbia. It serves as a training centre for monastics and also a retreat facility for laypeople. Its abbot is Venerable Ajahn Sona.
 The Nicholas Marnach House is a historic building near Elba Minnesota United States. The home was built in 1857 by immigrants from the commune of Rambrouch in Luxembourg. In that year Nicholas Majerus and John Marnach along with their families purchased the land and became the fifth owners of the property. The land was previously owned by the Dakota Sioux. The house was entered into the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1978.
 Waverly or Waverley is a historic home located at Marriottsville in Howard County Maryland US. It was built between 1756 and 1800 by different accounts. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone house covered with stucco with extensions completed about 1900. Also on the property are a small 1 1⁄2-story stone dwelling a supposed combination storehouse and slave jail a 2-story frame-and-stone corn crib and the ruins of a log slave quarter.
 The Black Cat Bar or Black Cat Café was a bar in San Francisco California. It originally opened in 1906 and closed in 1921. The Black Cat re-opened in 1933 and operated for another 30 years. During its second run of operation it was a hangout for Beats and bohemians but over time began attracting more and more of a gay clientele.Because it catered to gays the bar became a flashpoint for the nascent homophile movement.
 The Brierfield Furnace also known as the Bibb Naval Furnace and Brierfield Ironworks is a historic district in Brierfield Alabama. The district covers 486 acres (197 ha) and includes one building and nine sites. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1974. Today the district is encompassed by the Brierfield Ironworks Historical State Park.
 Oriental Mills are a historic site at 10 Admiral Street in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1860 by Niles Bierragaard Schubarth and Charles R. Makepeace and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 Jacob Broom House also known as Hagley is a site significant for its association with Jacob Broom. It is on the Brandywine Creek in Delaware in fact about 1/4 mile off. It was sold to the Du Pont family.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It is located in Montchanin one mile northeast of Wilmington.
 Vernon County Courthouse in Nevada Missouri was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The current Vernon County Courthouse was the third one to be built in Nevada; the first was a two story building one block west of the present day courthouse. In addition to the court it was also used for church services. The first courthouse was burned during the Civil War.
 The Goring Hotel /ˈɡɔərɪŋ/ is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located near Buckingham Palace.
 Judge Henry Shippen House also known as the Red Cross Building is a historic home located at Meadville Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1838 and remodeled and expanded in 1875. It is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It is three bays by six bays and was originally in the Federal style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Bly Ranger Station is a United States Forest Service compound that serves as the headquarters for the Bly Ranger District which is an administrative subdivision of the Fremont National Forest. It is located in the small unincorporated community of Bly in southcentral Oregon. The ranger station was constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps between 1936 and 1942. Today the seven original buildings are still used by the Bly Ranger District.
 The Central Avenue School (also known as the Central Avenue Elementary School) is a historic school in Lakeland Florida United States. It is located at 604 South Central Avenue. On July 22 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. This building currently houses the West Area Adult School.
 Deer Lodge Centre is a hospital specializing in treatment of Veterans in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The hospital began as a convalescent hospital for returning World War I soldiers in 1916 and was located in Silver Heights along west Portage Avenue.
 Liguria Bakery is a bakery in North Beach San Francisco California that sells only focaccia. It is located on 1700 Stockton Street at the corner of Filbert Street and across from Washington Square Park in North Beach.The bakery was founded in 1911 by Ambrogio Soracco with the help of his two brothers Giovanni and Giuseppe on a site previously occupied by a church. Soracco had emigrated to San Francisco in 1907 from Chiavari near Genoa in Italy.
 Iranistan was a Moorish Revival mansion in Bridgeport Connecticut that was commissioned by P. T. Barnum in 1848. It was designed by the Austrian-American architect Leopold Eidlitz. At this beautiful country seat Barnum played host to such famous contemporaries as Matthew Arnold George Custer Horace Greeley and Mark Twain. The grandiose structure survived only a decade before being destroyed by fire in 1857.
 The Wigwam Motels also known as the Wigwam Villages is a motel chain in the United States built during the 1930s and 40s. The rooms are built in the form of tipis mistakenly referred to as wigwams. It originally had seven different locations: two locations in Kentucky and one each in Alabama Florida Arizona Louisiana and California. They are very distinctive historic landmarks. Two of the three surviving motels are located on historic U.S.
 The Nur ul-Ihsan Mosque is the oldest mosque in Phnom Penh the capital of Cambodia.It was built in 1813 by the Cham community. It survived the Khmer rouge regime which transformed it into a pigstyIt is situated 7 km north of the centre of the city.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at 701 E. Washington Drive in High Point North Carolina.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 Ocean Terminal (Chinese: 海運大廈) is a cruise terminal and shopping centre located on Canton Road in Tsim Sha Tsui Hong Kong.
 The Tramway Museum Graz is a transport museum in the Austrian city of Graz specialising in the history of the Graz tramway network. It is located in the former tram depot at the Mariatrost terminus of Graz tram route 1.The museum houses a collection of some 30 rail vehicles including motor trams trailers works cars horse cars and funicular cars.
 The Canonsburg Armory is a former Pennsylvania National Guard armory in Canonsburg Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1989.It is designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Knower House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a two story frame house in the Georgian Colonial style. It features a central entrance and second story Palladian window. While occupied by Benjamin Knower future New York Governor William L. Marcy married Cornelia Knower at the house in 1824.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Dr. J. W. Barnard Building and First National Bank of Joseph at 12 - 14 Main St. in Joseph Oregon is a pair of historic adjacent buildings sharing a common interior wall. They were built by investment of physician Dr. J. W. Barnard rancher Ludwig Knapper and banker Frederick Scribner. Each building is 25 by 60 feet (7.6 m × 18.3 m) in footprint.The Dr. J.W. Barnard Building was built in 1908 by local contractor Frank Marr with design by Chicago architects J.A.
 Saint Paul African Union Methodist Church is an historic structure located in the Navy Yard section of Washington D.C. United States. It is the only congregation in the District of Columbia of the oldest incorporated independent African- American denomination in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Pichilemu post office building (Spanish: Edificio de la Oficina de Correos de Pichilemu) was a building located in Pichilemu Chile which served as the city's post office until 26 February 2010 the day before a magnitude 8.8 earthquake hit central Chile. The building was located in front of the Pichilemu Police station. It was demolished between 2 July until 3 July 2010.The building was constructed by Daniel Ortúzar in late 1880s and worked as hotel until 1911.
 Ängsö Castle (aka Engsö Castle) is a castle in Sweden located near Västerås.The castle is on the island of Ängsö. It was first named in a royal charter at the end of the 12th century.Ängsö Castle has been occupied by the Sparre and Piper families who have extended and rebuilt the original stone building. It gained its current appearance in the 1740s.The castle is open to the public.
 The Power Station of Art is a contemporary art museum in Shanghai China.
 Mannus Correctional Centre an Australian minimum security prison for males is located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of Tumbarumba New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 St Edmund's Church Walesby is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Walesby Nottinghamshire.
 Roger Williams Public School No. 10 also known as South Scranton Catholic High School is a historic school building located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1896 and is a two-story I-shaped brick and sandstone building in a Late Victorian style. It features a central three-story entrance tower with a hipped roof. A two-story brick addition was built in 1965.
 Icehouse Bottom is a prehistoric Native American site in Monroe County Tennessee located in the southeastern United States. Native Americans were using the site as a semi-permanent hunting camp as early as 7500 BC making it one of the oldest known habitation areas in the state of Tennessee. Analysis of the site's Woodland period (1000 BC - 1000 AD) artifacts shows evidence of an extensive trade network that extended to as far away as Georgia North Carolina and Ohio.
 Kiasma (built 1993–1998) is a contemporary art museum located on Mannerheimintie in Helsinki Finland. Its name kiasma Finnish for chiasma alludes to the basic conceptual idea of its architect Steven Holl. The museum exhibits the contemporary art collection of the Finnish National Gallery founded in 1990. Its central goal is to make contemporary art better known and strengthen its status.
 The Royal Alexandra Hospital is the main hospital in Paisley serving a large catchment area as much as 200 000 from Renfrewshire stretching all the way to Oban and Argyll The hospital is owned and run by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde previously NHS Argyll & Clyde. The hospital was officially opened by Princess Alexandra in May 1988.
 The First Congregational Church is located at 33 East Forest Avenue (on the corner of Forest and Woodward Avenue) in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Pilsotas is a 34-story building in the Gandrališkės residential district of Klaipėda Lithuania. It is the tallest residential building in Lithuania. Designed by Donatas Rakauskas construction of the tower was completed in May 2007. The tower is named after a medieval Curonian land *Pilsāts encompassing the area in which it is located. A new building Kuršas which will be 170 meters tall is currently being built nearby.
 The Strategic Air and Space Museum is a museum focusing on aircraft and nuclear missiles of the United States Air Force. It is located near Ashland Nebraska along Interstate 80 southwest of Omaha. The objective of the museum is to preserve and display historic aircraft missile and space vehicles and provide educational resources. It is regarded as having one of the top collections of strategic aircraft.
 Arbour Hill Prison is a prison and military cemetery located in the Arbour Hill area near Heuston Station in the centre of Dublin Ireland. The prison is the national centre for male sex offenders.
 The Royal Australian Armoured Corps Memorial and Army Tank Museum is located at Puckapunyal an Australian Army training facility and base 10 km west of Seymour in central Victoria south-eastern Australia. The base is the home of the Royal Australian Armoured Corps.
 Unite Grand Central (also known as Grand Central or Grand Central Halls) is a large complex of privately owned student housing located next to Lime Street station in the centre of Liverpool England. The buildings are owned by the property developer Unite and are primarily home to students of Liverpool John Moores University.
 The Shady Grove Primitive Baptist Church is a historic U.S. church in Gainesville Florida. It is located at 804 Southwest Fifth Street. On October 5 2005 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St John the Baptist's Church Bollington is a redundant Anglican parish church located in Church Street Bollington Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Gunnison Valley Hospital located in Gunnison Utah is a rural facility with 24 private beds 3 Labor/Delivery Rooms state of the art Operating and Recovery Rooms Radiology Unit Labs Home Health and Hospice and a Cancer Treatment Center.
 The Del Rey Apartments located in northeast Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Elks Building in Vancouver Washington was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Klosterneuburg Monastery (German: Stift Klosterneuburg) is a twelfth-century Augustinian monastery of the Roman Catholic Church located in the town of Klosterneuburg in Lower Austria.
 The Swinford Townhouses and Apartments are a development of townhouses and apartments in the Loring Park neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. Both buildings are located in an area that surrounded the once-elegant Hawthorne Park. The townhomes were built first in 1886 by Hodgson & Sons in the Second Empire style using red brick stone and terra cotta. The apartments were designed in 1897 by locally prominent architect Harry Wild Jones who preferred an eclectic style.
 State House is the official residence of the President of the Seychelles.The State House was designed and built in 1910 when Seychelles was still a British colony. Then known as the Government House it was the residence of the Governor General beginning with Sir Walter Davidson in 1912.
 Castelvecchio Museum (Italian: Museo Civico di Castelvecchio) is a museum in Verona northern Italy located in the eponymous medieval castle. Restoration by the architect Carlo Scarpa between 1959 and 1973 has enhanced the appearance of the building and exhibits.
 Molen De Dikkert is a former restaurant located in a windmill in Amstelveen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1983-1992.Restaurant De Dikkert went bankrupt in 1992.
 West Nusa Tenggara State Museum (Indonesian Museum Negeri Nusa Tenggara Barat) is a state museum located in Mataram Lombok Island Indonesia. The museum is the provincial museum of the West Nusa Tenggara province.The museum collects 7387 items (2006) related to Lombok and Sumbawa traditional arts (e.g. traditional kris songket basketware and masks) as well related subject such as geology archaeology architecture biology ceramic paintings and others.
 The Apostolic Faith Mission church in Clinton Hill Brooklyn New York City located at 265 Lafayette Avenue northeast corner of Washington Avenue occupies the historic nineteenth-century former Orthodox Friends Meeting House.The former Society of Friends (Quaker) meetinghouse was built 1868 described in the AIA Guide to New York City as A simple Lombardian Romanesque box polychromed with vigor by its current tenants. As of 1977 it was the Apostolic Faith Mission.
 Trinity Church (Norwegian: Trefoldighetskirken) full name Church of Holy Trinity is the parish church of Trinity parish located in Arendal Norway. The church is a cruciform church basilicas in neo-Gothic style with short cross arms and 1200 seats. It is the third church in Arendal and all had the same name. Plans to build the present church was adopted by the Arendal town council in 1883. The foundation stone was laid down 7 August 1885 and 29 June 1888 the church was consecrated.
 The Mount Tremper Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Tremper at Shandaken in Ulster County New York. The station and contributing resources include a 47-foot-tall (14.3 m) steel frame lookout tower erected in 1917 and a jeep trail that extends from the base of the mountain to a point below its summit.
 Coquitlam Centre is a shopping mall in Coquitlam British Columbia built in 1979 and expanded in 2001. It is located at the southern edge of the Coquitlam Town Centre area near Coquitlam Central Station and several other smaller shopping centres.
 Union Baptist Church is a historic church at 109 Court Street in New Bedford Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1899. It was designed by Nathaniel Cannon Smith in Shingle Style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Central Christian Church is a major church in downtown Austin Texas affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). Organized in 1847 it is one of the oldest congregations in the city.The church has also been known as Christian Church of Austin. The current church building featuring Romanesque architecture was completed in 1929. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St James' Church Birkenhead stands on an island site in Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with that of St Bede. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Fagans Old Rectory is a Grade II* listed building in the village of St Fagans in western Cardiff.It is an important Victorian house designed by John Prichard and John Pollard Seddon built in 1858–9 and used as a rectory until 1975. It is built from coursed squared lies with Bath stone dressings in two storeys and a French medieval-style attic. The steep roofs are made from Welsh slate. A lean-to veranda across the ground floor is supported by stone columns with capitals.
 The Elmira College Old Campus is the historic part of Elmira College in Elmira New York. Historically known as The Elmira Collegiate Seminary or The Elmira Female College the college was the first in the United States to affer a degree program to women on a par with those offered by men's programs. The contributing structures are also significant as good examples of the architecture of the period in which they were built.
 Fisher Hall and Marcum Center is a building at Miami University in Oxford Ohio.
 The Little Greenbrier School is a former schoolhouse and church in the ghost town of Little Greenbrier in Sevier County Tennessee United States. Located near Gatlinburg in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park it was built in 1882 and was used as a school and church almost continuously until 1936.
 Homerton University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust runs Homerton University Hospital in Homerton Hackney- East London.
 The Măeriște Church (Romanian: Biserica „Sfinții Arhangheli Mihail și Gavriil”) is a Romanian Orthodox church in Măeriște northwestern Transylvania Romania.It was built in 1898.
 The Nassau Inn is the only full service hotel located in downtown Princeton New Jersey USA. The inn traces its lineage to 1756 when an inn of the same name was built by Judge Thomas Leonard. The current structure opened in 1938.The hotel has 188 guest rooms 14 banquet rooms over 10000 square feet. Approximately 120000 guests check in each year.It is within walking distance of Princeton University which helps to maintain high occupancy rates at the inn.
 The Câmpia Church (Romanian: Biserica din Câmpia) is a church in Câmpia Sălaj Romania consecrated on November 3 1935 by Valeriu Traian Frențiu.
 Dubose Heyward House was a home of author Dubose Heyward.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 The Church of Our Saviour also known as the Church of Our Saviour at Mission Farm the Mission of the Church of Our Saviour and the Josiah Wood Jr. Farm is an historic Episcopal church located at 316 Mission Farm Road in Sherburne now Killington Vermont. The church was built in 1817 of Vermont granite using Gothic Revival architecture in a Georgian plan.
 The Old Middletown High School building in Middletown Connecticut in the United States occupies the southwest corner of Court and Pearl streets. It is situated in a modestly scaled 19th century urban residential neighborhood. Although integrated into its surroundings the old high school stands out because of its size and Romanesque Revival style.
 St Michael & All Angels is the Anglican church in the village of Bishop's Cleeve just north of Cheltenham in Gloucestershire. Informally the church is known simply as St Michael's.
 The Church of Saint Thyrsus (Spanish: Iglesia de San Tirso or Spanish: Iglesia de San Tirso el Real de Oviedo) is a Roman Catholic Asturian Romanesque church situated in Oviedo in Asturias northern Spain. Dedicated to Saint Thyrsus it was built by Tioda the royal architect of Alfonso II of Asturias. The Great Fire of Oviedo in 1521 and rebuilding in the 18th century removed most of the original church except for a three-light window.
 Hotel Florida Milan is a hotel in central Milan Italy located approximately 50 metres south of the Milano Centrale railway station in the Stazione Central district. The hotel was originally built in 1949 and was modernised in 2004. The hotel has Italian marble and fine wood furnishings and has a private collection of contemporary art.
 Salem Veteran Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) is one of the largest VA hospitals located at 1970 Roanoke Blvd. Salem Virginia 24153. Since 1934 VAMC in Salem has been improving the health of the men and women who have so proudly served the United States. Health care services have been provided to more than 112500 veterans living in a 26-county area of southwestern Virginia. Salem VAMC provided community-based outpatient clinics.
 The Bronson-Mulholland House (also known as the Judge Isaac H. Bronson House and as Sunny Point) is an historic site located at 100 Madison Street in Palatka Florida. Sunny Point was built in 1854. On December 27 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Dale Church (Norwegian: Dale kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Luster on the western shore of the Lustrafjorden. The church is part of the Dale parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white stone church was built around the year 1240 and it was dedicated to Saint Nicholas. The church seats about 200 people.
 Workshop kitchen + bar or simply workshop is a well-known restaurant and bar located in Palm Springs California. The restaurant got huge media coverage due its award-winning architecture designed by SOMA a New York City based fir. The restaurant is owned by Michael Beckman and Joseph Mourani. And have excelled many accomplishments because of its modern and contemporary designing.
 The L. Ron Hubbard House also known as the Original Founding Church of Scientology is a historic house museum and former Scientology church located at 1812 19th Street N.W. in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. United States. The home served as the residence of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard from 1955 until 1959 during which time he incorporated the Founding Church of Scientology and performed the first Scientology wedding.
 TWELVE Midtown is a 746 ft (228m) tall skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It will have 58 floors. The current plan has a 130-room hotel with 7400 square feet (690 m2) of ballroom space 476 condo units 360000 square feet (33000 m2) of office space and 30500 square feet (2830 m2) of retail.
 The Manitoba Agricultural Museum is dedicated to collecting vintage farm machinery and buildings from 1900 and beyond. Located on 50 acres (200000 m2) near Austin Manitoba in the Rural Municipality of North Norfolk to date they have amassed over 500 piece of machinery and a pioneer village consisting of more than 20 buildings complete with artifacts. This is Canada’s largest collection of vintage equipment.
 District of Columbia City Hall also known as Old City Hall and the District of Columbia Courthouse is a historic building at Judiciary Square in downtown Washington D.C. Originally built for the offices of the D.C. municipal government the city hall was subsequently used as a courthouse and was the scene of several notable criminal trials including those of three accused presidential assassins. The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 The Keeline Building is located at 319 South 17th Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. Completed in 1911 just before the neighboring Douglas County Courthouse the seven-story Keeline was designed by locally renowned architect John Latenser Sr..
 The John Street United Methodist Church located at 44 John Street between Nassau and William Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City was built in 1841 in the Georgian style with the design attributed to William Hurry and/or Philip Embury. The congregation is the oldest Methodist congregation in North America founded on October 12 1766 as the Wesleyan Society in America.The Society built its first church the Wesely Chapel a blue stucco barn on this site in 1768.
 Saint Jetmund Church (Norwegian: Sankt Jetmund kyrkje) is a former parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The marble and stone church was built in 1150 and torn down in 1864 when it was replaced by the newly built Vanylven Church in nearby Slagnes. St. Jetmund Church was located in the village of Åheim along the inner part of the Vanylvsfjorden.The church was named after St. Jetmund an English saint that is known as St. Edmund in English.
 The Liberty Hall Museum in Union Union County New Jersey United States is an American historic site. Built in 1772 as a fourteen-room Georgian-style house Liberty Hall stands today a fifty-room Victorian Italianate mansion.
 150 California Street is a 24-story 101 m (331 ft) office tower skyscraper completed in 2000 on California Street in the financial district of San Francisco California. In 2002 the AIA San Francisco and The San Francisco Business Times honored its designers with the 2002 Honor Award for Architecture.
 The Building of Bath Collection (formerly known as the Building of Bath Museum) in Bath Somerset England occupies the Countess of Huntingdon's Chapel where it provides exhibits which explain the building of the Georgian era city during the 18th century.It is owned and managed by the Bath Preservation Trust.
 The Sun Oil Building is a historic building in the Center City area of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The 19-story Art Deco high-rise stands 230 feet (70 m) tall. It served as the headquarters of the Sun Oil Company from its erection in 1928 until Sun relocated in 1971.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on February 2 1984.
 George Pinkney Morgan House also known as David Morgan Homeplace is a historic home located at Rivesville Marion County West Virginia. It was built between 1857 and 1860 and is a two story red brick farmhouse in the Greek Revival style. Also on the property is the Morgan Family Cemetery with graves dating to the early 19th century.
 The Mary Ball Washington Museum and Library is a museum and historical archive in the Northern Neck of The Chesapeake Bay Virginia USA. Its purpose is to preserve the history of Lancaster County Virginia. It opened in 1958 and was named in honor of George Washington's mother Mary Ball a Lancaster County Virginia native and granddaughter of the ca 1653 emigrant William Ball I.Past curators of the Mary Ball Washington Museum include Thomas M. Thacker Cathy Currey Sarah J.
 Sherman Birthplace also known as Sherman House Museum is a site in Lancaster Ohio significant for its association with births and lives of U.S. senator John Sherman and one of his older brother's William T. Sherman a Union general in the American Civil War.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.The house is located at 137 E. Main St. in Lancaster and is operated by the Fairfield Heritage Association.
 Telford Shopping Centre is a 25-acre (100000 m2) indoor super-regional shopping centre in Telford Shropshire England. It is located in the geographical and economic centre of the new town on land which was previously undeveloped. It is the largest shopping area in the ceremonial county of Shropshire being located roughly equidistant between Shrewsbury the county town and the West Midlands conurbation.
 The Church of St. Anne is a Roman Catholic church located at the start of the Via Dolorosa near the Lions' Gate and churches of the Flagellation and Condemnation in the Muslim Quarter of the old city of Jerusalem.
 The Betis Church or the Parish Church of St. James the Apostle is a Baroque church located in Guagua Pampanga (Betis Area). The churchestablished in 1607 was declared a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines and the NCCA (under R.A. 4896 as amended by P.D. 374 and R.A. 8492) on November 5 2001 (one of only 26 churches in the country bestowed that honor). It is part of the Ecclesiastical Provinces of the Archdiocese of San Fernando.
 The Lloyd House is a historical building and library located at 220 North Washington Street in the Old Town of Alexandria Virginia United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1976. The house was built by John Wise a prominent entrepreneur in the early town who constructed the building in the late eighteenth-century Georgian architectural style.
 The Tomb of Jahangir (Urdu: جهانگير کا مقبرہ‎ Punjabi: جهانگير دا مقبرہ) is a mausoleum built for Jahangir who ruled the Mughal Empire from 1605 to 1627. The mausoleum is located in Shahdara Bagh in Lahore Punjab.
 The William B. Holden House is a house located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Michael Salyer Stone House is located on Blue Hill Road (Rockland County Route 23) in Orangetown New York United States. It was built in the late 18th century.Unusually for Rockland County its gambrel roof has clapboard siding in the upper gable apexes a feature normally found farther north in Colonial stone houses in Ulster County. It is possible that this may be due to Huguenot influence. In 2002 it and its well were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Free Will Baptist Church (Former) is a historic church at the junction of High St. and Highland Avenue in Milo Maine.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Argo Gold Mine and Mill is a former mining and milling property consisting of a gold mine and gold mill in Idaho Springs Colorado built at the entrance of the Argo Tunnel. The tunnel was built between 1893 and 1910 to drain the gold mines in Virginia Canyon Gilpin Gulch Russell Gulch Quartz Hill Nevadaville and Central City and allow easier ore removal. The mill was built at the entrance of the tunnel to process ore from the many mines drained by the tunnel.
 Grimsby Minster is a minster and parish church located in Grimsby North East Lincolnshire England. Dedicated to St. James the church belongs to the Church of England and is within the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Butabika National Referral Hospital commonly known as Butabika Hospital is a hospital in Kampala Uganda's capital and largest city. It is the mental health national referral hospital for the entire country's estimated population of 32 million in 2010.
 Greenwich Villageoften referred to by locals as simply the Village is a largely residential neighborhood on the west side of Lower Manhattan in the city of New York City in the U.S. state of New York. A large majority of the district is home to upper middle class families. Greenwich Village however was known in the late 19th to mid 20th centuries as an artists' haven the bohemian capital and the East Coast birthplace of both the Beat and '60s counterculture movements.
 The Club of Odd Volumes is a private social club and society of bibliophiles founded in 1887 in Boston Massachusetts.
 National Youth Administration Woodstock Resident Work Center is a national historic district located at Woodstock in Ulster County New York. The district includes seven contributing buildings and three contributing structures. It includes three shop buildings four shed buildings a ca. 1900 barn and a decorative flagpole base. It was built in 1939 by the National Youth Administration and operated until 1942 as a facility devoted to training youths in the industrial arts.
 The Clarence Keating House is a house located near Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built in 1917 by master stonemason H.T. Pugh. It includes Colonial Revival architecture.
 New Dublin Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Dublin Pulaski County Virginia. It was built in 1875 and incorporates part of a church built in 1840. It is a one-story gable-roofed stuccoed brick church building. It primarily exhibits Greek Revival style character with Gothic Revival style influences. It features a front entry with fanlight a rose window two-bay side elevations a metal sheathedgable roof and a limestone foundation.
 The Coast Edmonton House managed by Coast Hotels & Resorts is a 45-storey hotel located in downtown Edmonton Alberta. It stands at 121 metres (397 feet) and was completed in 1971 and was briefly Edmonton's tallest building. It is Edmonton's tallest building in terms of the number of stories at which it stands but at a lower overall height than Edmonton's current tallest building EPCOR Tower. It is also the tallest hotel located in downtown Edmonton Canada.
 Azrieli Center (Hebrew: מֶרְכָּז עַזְרִיאֵלִי) is a complex of skyscrapers in Tel Aviv. At the base of the center lies a large shopping mall. The center was originally designed by Israeli-American architect Eli Attia and after he fell out with the developer of the center David Azrieli (after whom it is named) completion of the design was passed on to the Tel Aviv firm of Moore Yaski Sivan Architects.
 The Charles Nelson Schmick House is located at 110 Walnut Street Leetonia Ohio. The three-story 16-room house contains 5700 square feet. There are stained glass windows a wraparound porch gingerbread detailing and a tower. The house is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The Victorian home was completed in 1871. It exhibits Colonial Revival Queen Anne Italianate and Empire architecture styles. The house was built by David A. Gerrish. The home was sold to Edwin J.
 Ericsberg Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 St Mary Colechurch was a parish church in the City of London destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 St. Peter's Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Hopewell Somerset County Maryland. It is a large single-story gable-front Gothic Revival frame church with four-story bell tower. It was built in 1850 and extensively reworked in 1901. Also on the property is a cemetery with 19th and 20th century markers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Palácio do Freixo is a historic Portuguese Northern Baroque palace in Porto Portugal.
 The Richard J. Daley Center also known by its courtyard Daley Plaza and named after longtime mayor Richard J. Daley is the premier civic center of the City of Chicago in Illinois. Situated on Randolph and Washington Streets between Dearborn and Clark Streets the Richard J. Daley Center is considered one of Chicago's architectural highlights. The main building was designed in the international architectural style by Jacques Brownson of the firm C. F. Murphy Associates and completed in 1965.
 Illinois Carnegie Libraries Multiple Property Submission was a National Register of Historic Places Multiple Property Submission in the U.S. state of Illinois in 2002. The submission included a group of sixteen Illinois libraries whose construction was funded by early 20th century philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. The sixteen libraries were all added to the National Register of Historic Places between 1978 and 2002.
 The Oklahoma Odd Fellows Home at Checotah is a historical building in Checotah Oklahoma central United States built in 1902. It includes Romanesque Revival and Bungalow/Craftsman architecture. Also known as Odd Fellows Widows and Orphans Home and as Checotah Odd Fellows Home it served historically as institutional housing and as educational related housing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Catharine of Siena is the seat of the Diocese of Allentown. It is located at 1825 Turner Street Allentown Pennsylvania United States.
 Mandarin Oriental Atlanta (formerly The Mansion on Peachtree) is a 580 ft (177 m) tall skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It was constructed from 2006 to 2008 and has 42 floors. It is the 12th tallest building in Atlanta. The design architect for the building was Robert A.M. Stern & Associates with Atlanta architects Milton Pate Architects serving as the Architect of Record. The project was developed by Atlanta-based City Centre Properties LLC and constructed by Holder Construction Company.
 Torre Nova Diagonal is a skyscraper in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2007 has 22 floors and rises 86 meters.
 Westfield Meriden originally The Meriden Square Mall and later Westfield Shoppingtown Meriden is a shopping mall located in Meriden Connecticut. At almost 900000 square feet Westfield Meriden is Connecticut's seventh largest mall housing over 140 shops. The 5 anchors include Best Buy Dick's Sporting Goods JCPenney Macy's and Sears. The Westfield Group acquired the mall in 1997.
 AEON Bukit Indah Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in the fast-expanding township of Bukit Indah Johor Malaysia. It was opened in December 2008.
 First Presbyterian Church in Sag Harbor New York also known as Old Whaler's Church is a historic and architecturally notable Presbyterian church built in 1844 in the Egyptian Revival style. The church is Sag Harbor's most distinguished landmark. Town boosters call the facade the most important (surviving) example of Egyptian revival style in the United States and the best example of the Egyptian Revival style in the U.S.
 The Church of St Christopher Norris Green is located in Lorenzo Drive Norris Green Liverpool Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of West Derby.
 The Sparta Rock House is a stone building near Sparta Tennessee United States that once served as a rest stop and tollhouse. Built in the late 1830s the Rock House catered to traffic along an important wagon road between Knoxville and Nashville offering badly needed lodging and supplies to travellers who had just crossed (or were about to cross depending on their direction) the rugged Cumberland Plateau.
 Lacy-Van Vleet House is a historic home located at Dryden in Tompkins County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-four-bay frame residence representative of the transition from the Federal to Greek Revival style. It features Doric order porticoed porches on the front and side.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Faith Promise Church is an American evangelical multi-site church with a central campus in Knoxville Tennessee.
 The Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Miami Gardens is a Baptist megachurch in the Carol City neighborhood of Miami Gardens a suburb of Miami Florida USA that provides a blend of traditional and contemporary worship. The senior pastor is Arthur Jackson III.In a 2008 survey Outreach Magazine ranked the church 97th largest in the USA based on average weekly attendance of 7000.
 The Eugene C. Eppley Administration Building is located on the University of Nebraska at Omaha north campus in Omaha Nebraska.
 The House at 380 Albion Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of the finest Bungalow/Craftsman style houses in the town. It was built c. 1910 in a then-rural part of Wakefield that been annexed from Stoneham in the 1880s. It is a single story building with a shallow pitch roof and a number of gables. The gables are decorated with latticework and there are decorated viga-like rafter ends embellishing the area.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Terrace Hill also known as Hubbell Mansion Benjamin F. Allen House and Iowa Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Iowa. Located in Des Moines Iowa it is an example of Second Empire architecture. The home measures 18000 square feet (1600 m²). It sits on a hill overlooking downtown Des Moines and has a 90 foot (27 m) tower that offers a commanding view of the city. The house became a National Historic Landmark in 2003.
 Albert and Liberal Arts Halls are a set of two historic buildings located on the campus of Davis & Elkins College at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. The brick Georgian Revival style buildings were built between 1924 and 1926 and planned as a unit of two distinct and separate buildings connected by a graceful stone arcade. They were designed by noted Charleston architect Walter F. Martens.
 The Cottage Home Historic District (also known as the Cottage Home Conservation District) is a historic district and neighborhood located on the near east side of Indianapolis Indiana. A small portion of Cottage Home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places while a larger area is listed on the state and local levels. Known for its preponderance of cottage-style homes built with strong Victorian influences Cottage Home has historically been a working class neighborhood.
 Portland Railroad Company Substation is located in Scarborough Maine. The station was built in 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 22 1991.
 Kvernes Stave Church (Norwegian: Kvernes stavkyrkje) is a historic stave church located in Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The old church sits along the Kvernesfjorden in the village of Kvernes just to the north of the Kvernes Church the present church for the parish. The stave church was probably built during the first half of the 14th century.
 The Clark Homestead is located in Lebanon Connecticut. The house was built in 1708 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1978.
 Fly Creek Methodist Church also known as First Methodist Episcopal Society in Fly Creek is a historic Methodist church on Co. Rt. 26 north of the junction with NY 28 in Fly Creek Otsego County New York. It was built in 1838 and is a plain clapboarded timber frame building on a fieldstone foundation with a frontal gable in the Greek Revival style. The interior configuration is a modification of the Akron plan.
 The Toronto East Detention Centre often referred to as simply The East is a maximum security remand facility located in Toronto Ontario Canada in the former borough of Scarborough. It is located to the southwest of Eglinton Avenue and Birchmount Road. The facility was known as the Metro East Detention Centre until the Metropolitan Municipality of Toronto was amalgamated in 1998.
 The Adelaide Women's Prison is a maximum security Australian prison facility located in Northfield South Australia Australia.In 2006 the visits faculty was renovated by a community project of Edge Church.[citation needed]
 Templemoor also known as the Post-Crawford House is a historic home located near Clarksburg approximately halfway between Romines Mills and Peeltree in Harrison County West Virginia. It was built in 1874 for Ira Carper Post and is a 2 1/2 story brick mansion in the Italianate style. It features a combination hip and gable roof covered in polychrome slate shingles.
 The Putnam-Parker Block are historic structures located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The property is three buildings that take up the south half of block 43 in what is known as LeClaire’s First Addition. The main façade of the structures face south along the north side of West Second Street. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The East Parish Meeting House is a historic church building at 267 Middle Road on the rural east side of Haverhill Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame Greek Revival building was built in 1838 replacing a previous meeting house on the site that was built in 1744. It was used for regular services until 1906 when its congregation merged with the Riverside Memorial Church.
 Itis (formerly Itäkeskus) is a shopping centre in the district of Itäkeskus in East Helsinki Finland. It is the largest fully enclosed shopping centre in the Nordic countries with a gross leasable area of 120300 square metres containing nearly 300 different shops (including about 30 restaurants and cafés) and 3000 parking spaces. Located nearby is also the Itäkeskus metro station.The shopping centre is divided into four sections: Pasaasi Pikku-Bulevardi Bulevardi and Piazza.
 The James Watson House now the Rectory of the Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton at 7 State Street between Pearl and Water Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City was built in 1793 and extended in 1806. It is located near the southern tip of Manhattan Island across from Battery Park.
 St. Mary Magdalene Bailgate is a Grade II listed parish church in Lincoln England.
 Château de la Pommerie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It became a Historic Monument in 2002.
 The Louis Brandeis House is a National Historic Landmark on Neck Lane (off Cedar Street) in Chatham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1922 for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis. It was designated an NHL and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Holy Rosary Parish used to be called Santo Rosario Church today fondly called by locals as Pisambang Maragul (Big Church) stands in the epicenter of the old Culiat town now Angeles City Pampanga. The church has recently been recognized by the National Commission for Culture and the Arts as a national historical site. The backyard of the church became the execution grounds from 1896-1898 in shooting down Filipino rebels and suspects by the Spanish forces.
 The Wahrenberger House is located two blocks from the Texas Capitol at 208 W. 14th Street in Austin Travis County in the U.S. state of Texas. The home was built between 1867–68 by Friedrich Huster and sold to Charles Klein after completion. The house is named for Klein's daughter Caroline Wahrenberger who was deeded the house in 1882.
 The Utah State Hospital (USH) is a mental hospital located in Provo Utah United States of America. The current superintendent is Dallas Earnshaw.
 Nes Church (Norwegian: Nes kirke) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Nes about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Oksvoll and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) west of Botngård.The wood church was built in 1878 and was consecrated on 18 April 1879 by Bishop Andreas Grimelund.It is part of the Bjugn parish in the Fosen deanery which is a part of the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Alberts Chapel is an unusual octagonal Methodist church located near the settlement of Sand Ridge West Virginia. Built in the Carpenter Gothic-style the simple sparingly ornamented church rises to an octagonal cupola with lancet windows and board-and-batten siding. The chapel was built in 1903 under the direction of Albert Poling by his uncle Charles Poling with materials provided by his brothers Asbury and Wesley.
 The Priene Synagogue is an ancient synagogue discovered by archaeologists in Priene Turkey.The synagogue was discovered by archaeologists Theodor Wiegand and Hans Schrader in the western residential area in 1895–98. The synagogue dates to the 2nd century AD and was built into an older Hellenistic house. It consists of a main hall with two rows of columns forming a small basilica. Only one column was still in place.
 K. B. Fletcher Mill is a historic grist mill located at East New Market Dorchester County Maryland. It was constructed in the 1850s originally as a two story gable-roofed structure. Around 1900 a third floor was added to the main structure and a gable-roofed addition was built. The mill retains a wide variety of milling equipment dating from the 1850s to the early 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts is an art gallery and museum located on the campus of the University of East Anglia Norwich United Kingdom. The building which contains a collection of world art was one of the first major public buildings to be designed by the architect Norman Foster completed in 1978.
 The Mary Seaman Ennis House located at 202 W. 13th St. in Goodland Kansas is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1907 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was listed on the National Register in 2006.
 The funerary complex of Sultan al-Ashraf Qaytbay is an architectural complex built by Sultan al-Ashraf Qaytbay in Cairo's Northern Cemetery completed in 1474. It is often considered one of the most beautiful and accomplished monuments of late Egyptian Mamluk architecture and is pictured on the Egyptian one pound note.
 Hancock Town Hall is a historic town hall on MA 43 in Hancock Massachusetts. It was constructed in the Greek Revival style in 1854 using timbers from a previous meeting house that had been on the same site. The building served a number of municipal purposes including library school town offices and town meeting space.
 Robinsons Place Dumaguete is a shopping mall located in Dumaguete City Negros Oriental. It has a total gross floor area of over 45000 square meters and located on almost 60000 square meters of land area. It is the largest shopping mall in Negros Oriental and is a major component of the Dumaguete Business Park and IT Plaza in Brgy. Calindagan.
 The Building at 38-42 Worcester Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a Victorian six family triple-decker built in the late 19th century. It is one of a few well-preserved triple-deckers in the part of Southbridge called The Flats. It has distinctive porches which wrap part way around the sides of the house with turned posts that give it a somewhat lacy appearance.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Museum Folkwang is a major collection of 19th- and 20th-century art in Essen Germany.
 Sanggar Agung Temple or Hong San Tang is a Chinese temple in Surabaya dedicated to Chinese deities and other Asian religious icons. It is located within the Pantai Ria amusement park and become a tourist destination even though it is originally a worship place for Tridharma followers.
 Glen Eyrie is an English Tudor-style castle built by General William Jackson Palmer the founder of Colorado Springs. There are 17 guest rooms in the castle as well as 4 meeting rooms and 2 dining rooms. This house was his dream home and is near Colorado Springs in the northwest foothills north of the Garden of the Gods rock formations (now a city park).
 The McElroy Octagon House also known as the Colonial Dames Octagon House is an historic octagonal house now located at 2645 Gough Street at Union Street in the Cow Hollow section of San Francisco California. William C. McElroy built it in 1861 across the street from its present location. It was vacant and neglected in 1951 when the Colonial Dames of America in California bought moved it across the street and began its restoration. In 1971 it became San Francisco Landmark 17.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels is a parish church and Grade I listed building in the village of Hamstall Ridware Staffordshire. The church is situated in a remote position to the north of the village accessed by a 250 m (820 ft) pathway through pasture land. The church is situated on a gentle slope 160 m (520 ft) west of the River Blithe. The church was founded in 1130—1150 but the majority of the present church was built of ashlar sandstone in the 14th and 15th centuries.
 The Browncroft Historic District is a national historic district located in the Browncroft Neighborhood of Rochester New York. The district contains 518 contributing buildings two contributing sites two contributing objects and two contributing structures over 116 acres. It includes 417 residential properties constructed between 1914 and World War II.The neighborhood's original developer Charles J. Brown former president of the National Nurserymen's Association gave it its name.
 First Presbyterian Church (now known as Primera Iglesia Bautista (First Baptist Church)) is a historic Christian church building on Fannin and 3rd Streets in Van Horn Texas.The Carpenter Gothic style church building was constructed in 1901. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. As of 2013 the church is now known as Primera Iglesia Bautista (First Baptist Church). The congregation offers Sunday services in Spanish at 11 a.m.
 Two Medicine Store formerly part of Two Medicine Chalet is a historic building in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The chalet was originally built in 1914 by the Glacier Park Company a subsidiary of the Great Northern Railway as part of the railway's extensive program of visitor services development at Glacier. The chalet originally featured a complex of log buildings all built in the rustic style which provided dining and lodging facilities.
 Mayberry Mall is a shopping mall located just outside Mount Airy North Carolina on the east side of U.S. Highway 52. It was named after the fictitious town of Mayberry in which The Andy Griffith Show was based. The anchor stores are Belk J.C. Penney and Kmart.Opened in 1968 it is the only shopping center between Winston-Salem North Carolina and Roanoke Virginia. One of the original anchor stores was W.T. Grant's Grant City which closed in 1975 and became Kmart.
 The Faust Hotel is a building in Texas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Emery is a Roman Catholic church in Fairfield Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport. The parish which is dedicated to St. Emeric (Emery) of Hungary was formed in 1932 to serve Fairfield's growing Hungarian population. In 1971 the parish of St. Stephen in Bridgeport was merged into the parish of St. Emery. St.
 Riverside South is a proposed skyscraper development in Canary Wharf London. Some below ground-level work has been carried out on behalf of investment bank J.P. Morgan & Co. which bought a 999-year lease on the site with the intention of making the building its London office but the firm has now moved into an existing Canary Wharf building. Future plans for Riverside South have not been publicised.
 The Rock Island Depot is located in Enid Garfield County Oklahoma and listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
 The Bay Adelaide Centre is an office complex located in Toronto Ontario Canada. The first phase a 51-storey skyscraper known as Bay Adelaide West was completed in July 2009. The second phase the 44-storey Bay Adelaide East is under construction and is expected to be completed in 2015 or early 2016.
 The Columbia City Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in the Columbia City neighborhood in the Rainier Valley area of Seattle Washington. It is roughly bounded by South Hudson Street South Alaska Street 35th Avenue and Rainier Avenue. Its historic uses include specialty stores multiple dwellings single dwellings meeting halls schools religious structures and parks.
 The Colonial Promenade Alabaster is a lifestyle center that opened in 2005 and is located in Alabaster Alabama United States. The 1000000-square-foot (93000 m2) shopping center is the largest in Shelby County and it was developed by Colonial Properties Trust. It was at the center of a nationally publicized controversy over the use of eminent domain to facilitate private commercial development.
 The Patrick Farrish House also known as the Lowe and Paula McDaniel House is a historic house located in Thomaston Alabama. It was built in 1926 in the Craftsman style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31 2000 due to its architectural significance.
 Wilkes Regional Medical Center is a 130-bed regional medical center in North Wilkesboro North Carolina that offers a full range of medical surgical rehabilitative pathology ophthalmology and behavioral health services. WestPark Medical Park which includes numerous offices for physicians medical specialists pharmacies physical therapists and other medical and health-related fields also serves the hospital.
 Tømmerneset Church (Norwegian: Tømmerneset kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Tømmerneset. The church is part of the Sagfjord parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1952 to serve the southern part of the municipality of Hamarøy. The church was designed by Eiliv Dahl and it seats about 110 people.
 105 Campestre Torre A is the tallest of the three towers in the Campestre Complex its located in the Northern Escalon Area in the city of San Salvador. Currently is among the tallest building structures in the country of El Salvador. This tower was designed and built by Inversiones Bolivar.
 Lever House designed by Gordon Bunshaft and Natalie de Blois (design coordinator) of Skidmore Owings and Merrill and located at 390 Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan New York City is a seminal glass-box skyscraper built in the International Style according to the design principles of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. Completed in 1952 it was the second curtain wall skyscraper in New York City after the United Nations Secretariat Building.
 The Erie County Savings Bank building was a 10-story Romanesque Revival office and bank branch building that was located at present day 9 Church Street in downtown Buffalo New York.
 The Apple Tavern in Guilderland New York was built in 1760. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing included four contributing buildings on a 6.3-acre (2.5 ha) area.The tavern was built in 1760 on what was or became the Schoharie Turnpike or Schoharie Road or Old Schoharie Road. It was renovated significantly in the 19th century. In 1803 it was the site of meeting to form the town of Guilderland.
 The Dr. Kariadi General Hospital Medical Center (Indonesian: Rumah Sakit Umum Pusat Dr. Kariadi Semarang) or RSUP. Dr. Kariadi is the university hospital affiliated with the Faculty of Medicine Diponegoro University. It is one of the large and leading hospitals of Indonesia in the city of Semarang in the Province of Central Java part of Indonesia. The current director is Hendriani Selina M.D..Dr. Kariadi Hospital is Technical Implementation Unit of Department of Health.
 The Stornoway High Church is a place of worship of the The High Church of Scotland in Stornoway. The church celebrated its centenary in 2009. There is an English and Gaelic congregation in the church the English congregation worships in the old church and the Gaelic congregation worships in the 'New Hall'.
 St John's Wood Church is a Church of England parish church in St John's Wood London. The church is located on Lord's Roundabout between Lord's Cricket Ground and Regent's Park and has a Grade II* listing. The parish is in the Archdeaconry of Charing Cross in the deanery of Westminster St Marylebone.
 St. Martin's Church is a grade II listed Church of England parish church in Sherwood Nottingham.
 The Levinstein Tower is a skyscraper in Tel Aviv Israel. At 125 metres in height the tower has 33 floors. The tower was designed by Rapoport Architects and was completed in 2000 drawing inspiration in its design from the Century Tower in the city. Originally the tower was set to be a 74 metre tall 17-storey tower although this changed to a 38 floor tower with 5 residential storeys at the top with a total height of 145 metres.
 The Meadows in Fletcher North Carolina is a building from 1829. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 D.I.B. Anderson Farm also known as the D.I.B. Anderson House and Chauncey M. Price House is a historic home located in Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built about 1866 and is a two-story asymmetrical brick farmhouse in a vernacular Italianate style.
 The Tribune Tower is a neo-Gothic building located at 435 North Michigan Avenue in Chicago Illinois USA. It is the home of the Chicago Tribune and Tribune Company. WGN Radio (720 kHz) broadcasts from the building with ground-level studios overlooking nearby Pioneer Court and Michigan Avenue. CNN's Chicago bureau is located in the building. It is listed as a Chicago Landmark and is a contributing property to the Michigan–Wacker Historic District.
 Chester Grey Friary was a friary in Cheshire England.
 The Old Redwater Bridge near Spearfish South Dakota was built in 1910. It was built by the Standard Bridge Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Nordsida Church (Norwegian: Nordsida kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Roset on the northern shore of the Nordfjorden. The church is part of the Nordsida parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The concrete church was built in 1973 by the architect Alf Apelseth. The church seats about 220 people.
 Base Support Unit Kodiak is the host command for a large shore installation of the United States Coast Guard located in Kodiak Alaska. The largest tenant unit on the base is Air Station Kodiak. It is also the home port for several cutters.
 Pier Park is a lifestyle center in Panama City Beach Florida. Opened in 2008 it features Dillard's J. C. Penney and Target as its anchor stores.
 Thaddeus Stevens School of Observation is a historic school building located in the Poplar neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1926–1927. It is a five-story brick building on a limestone base and grade-level basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style. It features a projecting entrance bay with Gothic arch opening round arched openings and decorative spandrel panels.
 The Abuja National Mosque also known as the Nigerian National Mosque is the national mosque of Nigeria a country with a substantial Muslim population (see Islam in Nigeria). The mosque was built in 1984 and is open to the non-Muslim public except during congregational prayers. Ustaz Musa Mohammed is the chief imam.
 The New York Public Library Battery Park City Branch is in Battery Park City a commercial and residential neighborhood in Manhattan New York USA. The building was designed by 1100 Architect and was completed in 2010. It is a 10000-square-foot two-story building that utilizes several sustainable design features earning it LEED Gold certification.
 The George Leatherbury House was a historic residence along the shore of Portersville Bay halfway between Bayou La Batre and Bayou Coden in southern Mobile County Alabama United States. It was built in 1912 by George Scarborough Leatherbury in the local Bay house style. Leatherbury owned several lumber companies in Mississippi and operated a naval stores company. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 14 1990.
 The Alaska Governor's Mansion located at 716 Calhoun Avenue in Juneau Alaska is the official residence of the Governor of Alaska and the governor's family. It was designed by James Knox Taylor. The Governor's Mansion was first occupied in 1912 by Territorial Governor Walter Eli Clark.
 St. Jean Baptiste Catholic Church also known as the Église St-Jean-Baptiste is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at East 76th Street at Lexington Avenue Upper East Side Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1882 to serve the area's French Canadian immigrant population and remained the French-Canadian National Parish until 1957.
 Oakcliff is a historic home located on Church Hill Road in Crescent Saratoga County New York. It was built about 1840 and is two story three-bay timber framed side hall residence in a formally balanced Greek Revival style. Renovations occurred in the late 1860s and late 1890s. It has a two-story side wing. It features two story porticos with four Tuscan order columns on each with full entabulature and a molded triangular pediment.
 The Huoyan Mountain Ecology Museum (Chinese: 火炎山生態教育館; pinyin: Huǒyán Shān Shēngtài Jiàoyùguǎn) is a museum of ecology in Sanyi Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 The Royal Alexandra Hospital (RAH) is a large and long serving hospital in the Canadian province of Alberta. Operated by Alberta Health Services and located in the Edmonton's city centre the Royal Alex serves a diverse community stretching from downtown Edmonton to western and northern Canada.They operate 678 beds and care for 450000 patients annually.
 The State Bank of North Carolina is the oldest surviving commercial building in Raleigh North Carolina and was the first state-sponsored banking institution constructed in North Carolina. The bank was incorporated in 1810 but during the War of 1812 cash was moved inland to banks in Raleigh and Tarboro for fears that the British Army would attack the coast. The increase in money deposits resulted in the State Bank's construction in 1813.
 Ma Yu Ching's Bucket Chicken House (Chinese: 马豫兴桶子鸡; pinyin: Mǎ Yùxīng Tǒngzi Jī) located in Kaifeng China is by some accounts the world's oldest restaurant although the Guinness Book of World Records recognizes Cafe Botin in Spain as the oldest eatery in the world. It opened for business during the Jin Dynasty in AD 1153.
 The Church of St Mary at Hardington in the parish of Hemington Somerset England dates from the 11th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church has an un-aisled nave and small west tower which dates from the late 14th century. In the 19th century the earlier chancel was largely rebuilt.
 The New Glarus Town Hall is located in New Glarus Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Sibley Triangle Building is a historic commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a five story triangular flat-iron shaped brick commercial building with Indiana limestone and marble trim on the first two stories. It was built in 1897 and is a distinguished example of eclectic Italian Renaissance style architecture. It was designed by noted Rochester architect J. Foster Warner and built for Hiram W.
 The Bank of America Plaza is a 42-story skyscraper located in Downtown Tampa and was completed in 1986. At 175.87 m (577.0 ft) it surpassed One Tampa City Center as the tallest building in Tampa until completion of 100 North Tampa in 1992. The structure was originally known as Barnett Plaza. The structure contains around 20000 square feet (1900 m2) of rentable space per typical floor with a total of 783930 square feet (72829 m2) of rentable space.
 The Frank Littleton Round Barn also known as the Littleton-Pulliam Round Barn is a round barn near Mount Comfort Indiana United States. Built in 1903 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.At 102 feet in diameter it is the largest round barn ever built in the state. It was built for attorney and state legislator Frank L.
 Zion Baptist Church in Collinsville Mississippi is a Carpenter Gothic church built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Holy Trinity Church (Heilige Dreieinigkeit) was the first German-speaking Roman Catholic church in Cincinnati Ohio. It was located at West Fifth Street and Mound Street in Cincinnati's historic West End. The parish was founded in 1834 and the church was dedicated on October 5 1834. Holy Trinity was founded to serve the growing tide of German-speaking Catholic population in Cincinnati. It was the mother church of the many German Catholic Churches in Cincinnati.
 The South Brooksville Avenue Historic District is a U.S. Historic District (designated as such on September 25 1998) located in Brooksville Florida. The district is on South Brooksville Avenue from Liberty Street to Early Avenue. It contains 17 historic buildings. Historic homes on South Brooksville Avenue include: Coogler House at 133 S Brooksville Avenue Frazze House at 302 S Brooksville Avenue Maillis House at 312 South Brooksville Avenue
 Old Newgate Prison was a Colonial American prison in what is now East Granby Connecticut. It is now a historic site.The prison was originally a copper mine opened in 1705 and is believed to be the first copper mine in America. After mining operations proved unprofitable the colony of Connecticut converted it to a prison like its London namesake Newgate Prison. The first prisoner John Hinson was committed for burglary in 1773.
 UPMC St. Margaret is a mid-sized acute care teaching community hospital of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center located in the Waterworks area of Pittsburgh near Aspinwall Pennsylvania. Situated on 21 acres (8.5 ha) the hospital has 249 beds with more than 800 physicians and 1500 clinical staff members. UPMC Saint Margaret is a leader in hospital technology making patient records almost 100% electronic. In March 2009 UPMC St. Margaret achieved Magnet Recognition status.
 Delaware County National Bank is a historic bank building located on Market Square in Chester Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1882 and 1884 and is a 2 1/2-story masonry building in the Renaissance Revival style. It is built of brick and brownstone and has a low hipped slate covered roof. The roof features metal cresting five projecting decorated chimneys and four Corinthian order pilasters supporting the front pediment dormer.
 Børsa Church (Norwegian: Børsa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skaun in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Børsa. The wooden building was designed by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch and it was completed in 1857.The church is part of the Børsa parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Red Hat Tower (formerly known as Two Progress Plaza) is a skyscraper in Raleigh North Carolina. It was completed in 2004 at a cost of $100 million as a headquarters for Progress Energy Inc and has 19 floors and 366000 square feet (34000 m2) of space. It is owned by J.P. Morgan Trust Co. In 1999 Carolina Power & Light announced plans for a new headquarters tower.
 Restaurant De Kastjehof is a hotel-restaurant located in Lage Vuursche in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1990 and 1991.In the period 2000-2002 the restaurant was awarded a Bib Gourmand.At the time of the Michelin stars head chef was Wulf Engel. In 1991 he sold the restaurant to his by then ex-wife Marianne and left the restaurant.
 The Crook County Bank is a historic bank building in Prineville Oregon United States. It was built in 1910 using stone blocks from a local quarry. The building was first use as a bank and then occupied by title and insurance business until 1971 when ownership was transferred to Crook County for use as a local history museum. Today the Crook County Bank building is the home of the A. R. Bowman Memorial Museum.
 The Hyman–Brand Building often referred to as just the Brand Building is located at the corner of South Galena Street and East Hopkins Avenue in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a two-story stone building erected in the late 19th century. At different stages in the city's history it was owned by an entrepreneur who used the building in a way that redefined the city for that time.
 De Hoeksteen (The Cornerstone) in Barneveld the Netherlands is the second largest church building in the Netherlands. It is used by the congregation of the Gereformeerde Gemeenten in Nederland a highly conservative denomination. The church services are conducted using exclusively the Statenvertaling (Dutch for States Translation) of the Bible.
 Thompson Station Bank is a property in Thompsons Station Tennessee with historical significance during period 1913-1927. The bank opened in 1913 but only lasted 13 years and closed in 1927.The building built in 1913 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988. When listed the property included one contributing building and one contributing structure.The building is brick.
 Mjanyana Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Ngcobo in the Chris Hani District Municipality of the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
 Orsanmichele (Italian pronunciation: [orsamːiˈkɛːle]) (or Kitchen Garden of St. Michael from the contraction in Tuscan dialect of the Italian word orto) is a church in the Italian city of Florence. The building was constructed on the site of the kitchen garden of the monastery of San Michele which is now gone. Located on the Via Calzaiuoli in Florence the church was originally built as a grain market in 1337 by Francesco Talenti Neri di Fioravante and Benci di Cione.
 Dunedin Hospital is the main public hospital in Dunedin New Zealand. It is the largest hospital south of Christchurch and serves as the major hospital for the Otago and Southland regions with a potential catchment radius of roughly 300 kilometres and a population of around 300000.
 The Liberty Bell Museum (also the Liberty Bell Shrine Museum) is a non-profit organization and museum located in Zion's United Church of Christ (formerly Zion's Reformed Church) in Allentown Pennsylvania in the United States. The museum based in the church in which the Liberty Bell was hidden during the American Revolutionary War contains exhibits relating to the Liberty Bell and subjects including liberty freedom patriotism and local history. The shrine was founded in 1962 by Dr.
 The Valley Railway Historic District is a historic district partially located in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park extending from Independence to Akron Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Church of St. Saviour-on-the-Cliff Shanklin is a Grade II Listed parish church in the Church of England located in Shanklin Isle of Wight.
 Crater Lake Lodge was built in 1915 to provide overnight accommodations for visitors to Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon USA. The lodge is located on the southwest rim of the Crater Lake caldera overlooking the lake 1000 feet (300 m) below. The lodge is owned by the National Park Service and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Jaffna Teaching Hospital is a government hospital in Jaffna Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in the Northern Province and the only hospital in the province controlled by the central government in Colombo. The hospital is the only teaching hospital in the Northern Province. The hospital is the main clinical teaching facility for the University of Jaffna's Faculty of Medicine.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Warrington is in Walton Warrington Cheshire England. It was built as a private estate church towards the end of the 19th century but is now an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Esplanade is a shopping and entertainment complex on Ratchadaphisek Road in Din Daeng district Bangkok with a second branch on Rattanathibet Road in Nonthaburi.
 Grong Church (Norwegian: Grong kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Grong. The church is part of the Grong parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1877. The building was designed by the architects Mosling and Nordan.
 The Sici Church (Romanian: Biserica din Sici) is a Romanian Orthodox church in the town of Sici in Sălaj County Romania.
 The First Security Bank is a low-rise building in the heart of Downtown Missoula Montana. It is located at 100 East Broadway.
 Thanksgiving Tower is a 50-story 197 m (646 ft) skyscraper at 1601 Elm Street in adjacent to Thanks-Giving Square downtown Dallas Texas. At its completion in 1982 it was the second tallest building in Dallas surpassing Elm Place. One year later with the completion 1700 Pacific it became the third tallest and it is currently the 8th-tallest building in the city. The building is connected to the Dallas Pedestrian Network and the Bullington Truck Terminal.
 The Maples is a historic farmstead located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The frame farmhouse was built about 1835 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame residence in the Greek Revival style. It features a gable roof and monumental classical portico of fluted Doric order columns. Also on the property are two historic barns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral located in Trenton New Jersey United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of New Jersey.
 Seneca County Courthouse Complex at Ovid also known as the Three Bears is a historic courthouse complex located at Ovid in Seneca County New York. The 1845 courthouse known as Papa Bear is a 2 1⁄2-story three-by-four-bay Neoclassical brick structure with a monumental frame pedimented portico supported by four Doric order columns and topped by a cupola. The Old Clerk's Office known as Mama Bear was also constructed in 1845 and is similar in design and construction.
 The Phil Hoffman House is a house at 807 High Avenue East in Oskaloosa Iowa. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It was originally built in 1920 by Phil Hoffman publisher of the Oskaloosa Herald. The architect was Frank E. Wetherell who designed several other notable structures in and around Oskaloosa including the bandstand located in the center of the town square.
 Temple Sholom (formally Temple Sholom of Chicago) is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 3480 N. Lake Shore Drive in Chicago Illinois. Founded in 1867 it is one of the oldest synagogues in Chicago.
 St. John's Episcopal Church built in 1888 is an historic church located at 515 East Division Street in Springfield Missouri. It is listed on the city of Springfield's register of historic sites.
 The Ashville Depot is a small former train station in the village of Ashville in Pickaway County Ohio United States. A simple weatherboaded building that was constructed in 1876 it was once the commercial center of the area.Ashville was a railroad town that was founded at the intersection of a railroad line and a leading rural road.
 HM Prison Holloway (sometimes known as Holloway Castle) is a closed category prison for adult women and Young Offenders located in the Holloway area of the London Borough of Islington in north and Inner London England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Holy Trinity Church Marylebone Westminster London is a former Anglican church built in 1828 by Sir John Soane. In 1818 parliament passed an act setting aside one million pounds to celebrate the defeat of Napoleon. This is one of the so-called Waterloo churches that were built with the money. It has an external pulpit facing onto Marylebone Road and an entrance with four large Ionic columns.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church at 412 Summit Avenue in Walnut Cove North Carolina.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Mound City National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near Mound City in Pulaski County Illinois. It encompasses 10.5 acres (4.2 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 8098 interments. It is administered by Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery. This cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Stevens' Building is a historic commercial building at 24-44 Southbridge Street in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the city's most imposing mid-19th century buildings. The brick building is four stories for most of its length on Southbridge Street and also presents a finished facade to Burnside Court. The central portion rises to a full five stories with a flat roof while the north and south sections are four floors with a low pitch roof.
 The William and Annie MacMaster House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1909 is an historic building located at 1813 NW Everett Street in Portland Oregon. It was designed by noted Chicago architect Solon Spencer Beman who designed many Christian Science churches. On October 2 1978 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.It is now the Northwest Neighborhood Cultural Center (NWNCC).
 Vue at Brickell is a residential tower in the Brickell district of Miami Florida. Built in 2004 it is part of the recent building boom in Miami. The building consists of condominiums as well as restaurants and other retail stores. It contains 37 floors and is 423 ft (129 m) tall. The address is 1250 South Miami Avenue. The building is located near the Mary Brickell Village shopping area on South Miami Avenue between 12th and 13th (Coral Way) Streets.
 Thomas Nichols Three Deckers are three historic triple-decker houses located at 68 80 and 88 West Brittania Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The identical buildings were built in 1914 by Thomas Nichols a real estate speculator. Although quite common in many industrial New England cities the three triple-deckers on West Brittania Street are rare for Taunton.In 1984 the properties 68 and 80 were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Marquette Branch Prison (MBP) is located in Marquette Michigan on the south shore of Lake Superior. The prison which opened in 1889 is a state facility that holds about 1100 inmates in maximum and minimum-security housing. The inmate population consists of adult males aged twenty-one and older. The prison was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as State House of Correction and Branch Prison on November 23 1977.
 Ninna-ji (仁和寺 Ninna-ji) is the head temple of the Omuro school of the Shingon Sect of Buddhism. Located in western Kyoto Japan it was founded in AD 888 by the retired Emperor Uda. It is part of the Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 The Bartow Downtown Commercial District (also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse) is a historic district in central Bartow Florida. Composed of an area bounded by Davidson and Summerlin Streets and Broadway and Florida Avenues the district includes twenty-one contributing properties. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Bloomsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Bloomsburg Columbia County Pennsylvania USA. The district includes 668 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Bloomsburg. Notable non-residential buildings include the Carver Hall at the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania (c. 1867) Courthouse town hall and St.
 Notre Dame Catholic Church is a historic church on Main Street at Marcy Street in Southbridge Massachusetts.It was built from 1912–1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The E. G. Patterson Building at 412–414 Main St. in Bismarck North Dakota United States was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The building was designed by Milton Earl Beebe and is an example of Early Commercial architecture. The theater is now the Dakota Stage Playhouse and was previously the Capitol Theatre and the Cinema Theatre. In the 1970s the theater showed adult films.
 Liberty Presbyterian Church is a historic church on North Church Street in Liberty Mississippi.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1985. The current pastor is Walt Gaston.
 The House at 34 Benefit Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a modest factory worker's cottage built by the American Optical Company during a period of its expansion in the 1870s. After opening its new Main Plant in The Flats section of Southbridge workers began to migrate there from the Globe Village neighborhood increasing demand for housing in that area. It is a narrow 1.5 story wood frame structure which has some architectural style despite its simplicity.
 The Greer and Jennie Quay House is a house located in Jerome Idaho listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Oregon Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Oregon Illinois that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2006. The district is roughly bordered by Jefferson Franklin 5th and 3rd Streets in Oregon. It is one of six Oregon sites listed on the National Register and one of three to be so listed since the turn of the 21st century. The other two are the Oregon Public Library listed in 2003 and the Chana School listed in 2005.
 The Victoria and Albert Museum (often abbreviated as the V&A) London is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects. It was founded in 1852 and named after Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
 Charlton Mill is a historic textile mill at located 109 Howe Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1911 with Earl P. Charlton as president. Charlton was a successful businessman who had established a chain of 53 five and dime stores and in 1912 became a co-founder of the F.W. Woolworth Company. The Charlton Mill was the last granite mill constructed in the city. The three story mill measures 374 feet long by 154 feet wide.
 Charles Richard Drew House was a home of Afro-American doctor Charles Richard Drew whose leadership on stockpiling of blood plasma saved lives during World War II. It is located in Arlington Virginia.The house is primarily notable for its association with Dr. Drew from 1920 to 1939. It is a narrow two-story frame structure covered with wood clapboards and topped with a gabled roof.
 St. Patrick Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building at 2614 Davis Street in Meridian Mississippi. It was designed by Alfred Zucker.The Gothic Revival style building was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Desert Christ Park is a 3.5-acre (14000 m2) sculpture garden in Yucca Valley California. The park was sculpted and created by Antone Martin a former aircraft worker who died in 1961 at the age of 74. Martin started sculpting the figures during the height of the Cold War atomic bomb scare of the mid-1940s hoping that the sculptures would inspire global peace.
 The art deco Prince Rupert City Hall in Prince Rupert British Columbia was originally constructed as the FederalBuilding in 1938.The architect was Max B. Downing who persuaded the Department of Public Works to use monolithic concrete on the edifice instead of brick.The result: the rather striking Prince Rupert Federal Building appeared in the northern B.C.
 Laurel Meadow is a historic home located near Mechanicsville Hanover County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a 1 1/2-story hall-parlor-plan house in the Federal style. The house sits on a brick foundation has a gable roof with dormers and exterior end chimneys. Also on the property are a contributing one-room schoolhouse and a barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Central Grocery is a small old-fashioned Italian-American grocery store with a sandwich counter located at 923 Decatur Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana. It was founded in 1906 by Salvatore Lupo a Sicilian immigrant. He operated it until 1946 when he retired and his son-in-law Frank Tusa took over the operation. Today it is owned by Salvador T. Tusa Salvatore's grandson and two cousins.
 The Whippany Railway Museum is a railway museum and excursion train ride located in the Whippany section of Hanover Township in Morris County New Jersey United States.
 Dipoli is a conference center located in Espoo Finland as a part of the Otaniemi campus of the Aalto University (successor of Helsinki University of Technology TKK).
 Temple Israel is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 2004 East 22nd Place in Tulsa Oklahoma. Founded in 1914 the synagogue affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism in 1915 and constructed its first building on the corner of 14th and Cheyenne Streets in 1919. Early rabbis included Jacob Menkes Charles Latz Samuel Kaplan Jacob Krohngold and Benjamin Kelsen.In 1932 Temple Israel constructed a new building on South Cheyenne.
 St. Bernard's Church is a historic church at 44 University Avenue in Akron Ohio.The original church was built in 1861 on the current site of the National Inventor's Hall of Fame S.T.E.M. school. The current church building was begun in 1902 and opened in 1905. It features a German Baroque Romanesque style. St. Bernard Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Washington's Crossing is the location of Washington's crossing of the Delaware on the Delaware River in Titusville New Jersey and Upper Makefield Township Pennsylvania.
 William Swarthout Farm is a historic home located at Milo in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival–style structure was built about 1850 and features the two-by-two-bay 1 1⁄2-story central block and single-story wing with porch and entrance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Montecito Apartments is a large apartment building in Hollywood California USA. It was built in 1935 in the zig-zag Art Deco style and was the home for many Hollywood celebrities including James Cagney Mickey Rooney and Montgomery Clift. It was also Ronald Reagan’s first home when he moved to Hollywood in 1937. In 1985 the building was converted to a low-income housing project for senior citizens.
 Moses Ellis House is a historic house designed by architect Alexander Rice Esty located at 283 Pleasant Street in Framingham Massachusetts.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Pequotsepos Manor known formally as Denison Homestead is located in Mystic Connecticut. The house was built in 1717 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 15 1979. It is now a historic house museum operated by the Denison Society.
 Hancock State Prison is a Georgia Department of Corrections state prison for men located on 701 Prison Boulevard in Sparta Hancock County Georgia. The facility opened in 1991 and currently has a capacity of 1267 prisoners. A riot in November 2011 left twelve prisoners hospitalized. Investigations believe the fight was gang-related and organized with contraband cell phones. Hancock is one of several high-security Georgia state prisons found to have a large percentage of inoperative locks.
 The Museum of Inuit Art also known as MIA is a museum in Toronto located within the historic Queen's Quay Terminal at the Harbourfront Centre.
 St. Mark's Cemetery is a historic cemetery on E. Main Street on the corner of St. Mark's Place in Mount Kisco New York.It was built in 1773 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The SunTrust Center is a skyscraper located in the Central Business District of Orlando Florida. Rising to 441 ft (134.4 m) it is the tallest building in Orlando and Central Florida. Completed in 1988 it has 35 stories and 30 floors of usable office space. Originally named the Sun Bank Center the name changed after SunTrust Banks began its series of mergers and acquisitions in the 1990s.
 The United States Marine Hospital is a historic Greek Revival hospital building in Mobile Alabama United States. Construction began in 1838 and was completed in 1842. It was designed by architect Frederick Bunnell and was operated by the Marine Hospital Service from its opening until it closed in 1952. It treated injured Confederate and Union soldiers during the American Civil War.
 The St. Charles Borromeo Church is a historic Catholic church building at Hall and Cushing Streets in Waltham Massachusetts. Construction of the Italian Renaissance Revival structure began in 1915 but was delayed by funding concerns and was not restarted until 1922. A fire gutted the interior of the nearly-finished building in 1927 after which it was refurbished. The building was designed by James F. Monaghan.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Chernihiv Ancient (Ukrainian: Чернігів стародавній Chernihiv starodavniy) is the National Architecture-Historical Sanctuary located in the north-eastern Ukrainian city of Chernihiv. It was created at first as an affiliate of the National Sanctuary Sophia of Kiev. Since August 1 1967 the site is a separate entity consisting of 34 monuments of architecture.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Preston Deanery is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Preston Deanery Northamptonshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Old Brown's Mill School is a historic one-room school located at Antrim Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1836 and is a 1 1/2-story limestone building with an A-shaped shingle roof. It houses a school until 1921. It was restored in 1934 and in 1962 was acquired by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Holy Trinity Church is a church in Market Street central Cambridge England on the corner with Sidney Street. Its current vicar is Rupert Charkham and theologically it stands within the charismatic evangelical tradition of the Church of England.
 The church in Niepokalanów devoted to the BVM the Immaculate the Omni-mediatress of All Glories was designed by the architect from Cracow - Zygmunt Gawlik. It was built between 1948-1954 in difficult times for Poland. In June 1950 it become a parish church for a new parish in Niepokalanów.Three-nave church can accommodate up to five thousand people. The height of the church tower is 47 m.
 The Old Martin County Court House built in 1937 is an historic Art Deco style courthouse building located at 80 East Ocean Boulevard in Stuart Martin County Florida. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press. On November 7 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. On March 15 2007 it was added to the Martin County Historic Register by the Martin County Historic Preservation Board.
 First Methodist Church of Rockwall is a historic church at 303 E. Rusk in Rockwall Texas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 The Dubai Gate 1 is a 40-floor tower part of the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Dubai Gate 1 was completed in 2008.
 The Matchstick Palace (Swedish: Tändstickspalatset) is an office building with the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan No. 15 in Stockholm. It was commissioned by the Match King Ivar Kreuger as the headquarters of Svenska Tändsticks AB (Swedish Match). It was designed by architect Ivar Tengbom and built by Kreuger & Toll Construction AB during 1929-31.
 Byers Station Historic District is a national historic district located in Upper Uwchlan Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 26 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Byers Station. The buildings date to the 19th century and include a number of notable Italianate style buildings. Notable buildings include a variety of residences a factory a Masonic lodge (1894) and the former Byers Hotel (c. 1874).
 The Maxwell Air Force Base Senior Officer's Quarters Historic District is an 81-acre (33 ha) historic district on Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery Alabama. It includes 150 contributing buildings most of them houses for Air Force senior officers. They are built in the French Provincial architectural style and date to the 1930s. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 02 1988.
 The Well'sbuilt Hotel is a historic hotel that is now an African American museum located in Orlando Florida. It is located in the center of Orlando's historic Parramore district at 511 West South Street. Dr. William Monroe Wells built the hotel and a nearby entertainment venue for African Americans visiting Orlando. During the Segregation era this hotel served as host to several now infamous African American performers. On February 4 2000 it was added to the U.S.
 The Highland Park Ford Plant is a former factory located at 91 Manchester Avenue (at Woodward Avenue) in Highland Park Michigan. The second production facility for the Model T automobile it became a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 Shonen-ji (正念寺 Temple of the Correct Nembutsu) is a temple of the Jōdo Shinshū (Pure Land) school of Buddhism. It is located in Takachiho Town Miyazaki on Kyūshū Japan's southernmost main island.The Shonen-ji temple complex is situated at the base of Genbuzan mountain about 12 km outside central Takachiho. It was established there in 1578 by Tanio Yoshimura following the destruction of Genbu-jo the Yoshimura clan's castle.
 St. James' Church Standard Hill was a Church of England church in Nottingham.
 The Arthur and Stella Sanford House is an historic residence located in Sioux City Iowa United States. The house was built in 1914 for Lucia Stone for $12000. Arthur and Stella Sanford bought the home in 1936. He was a well known promoter developer and philanthropist in Sioux City. He is associated with the development of the Sioux City Orpheum Theatre. The couple were active in community affairs and gave substantial donations to a variety of causes.
 HAL Aerospace Museum is India's first aerospace museum located at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited premises in Bangalore. Established in 2001 the Museum is part of the HAL Heritage Centre and Aero Space Museum and showcases the growth of the Indian aviation industry and HAL for six decades.
 Elmwood-on-the-Opequon is a farmstead near Kearneysville West Virginia. The farm complex exemplifies the evolution of a prosperous West Virginia farmstead through the 19th and 20th centuries. The house has expanded around an original log cabin gradually expanding with major expansions in the 20th century.
 Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house at 4th and West Streets in Wilmington Delaware in the Quaker Hill neighborhood. The meeting is still active with a membership of about 400 and is part of the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting. It was built in 1815-1817 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Hatfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.The parish was closed at the end of 2009.
 Parliament House Hobart has been the meeting place of the Government of Tasmania since 1841. The building was originally designed as a customs house and from 1841 until 1904 when the customs offices were relocated the building served both purposes.It is located on Salamanca Place in Hobart Tasmania Australia.
 The Roosevelt Elementary School at 200 E. Arlington St. in Waterloo Iowa was built in 1922. It was a Late Gothic Revival architecture work by Waterloo architect Mortimer B. Cleveland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Aupark was also a former name of Sad Janka Kráľa public park.Aupark is a shopping centre (shopping mall and entertainment centre) in the Petržalka borough of Bratislava Slovakia. It was the second modern shopping centre in Bratislava built a few years after Polus City Center.
 The William C. Davol Jr. House is a historic house at 252 High Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1876 for William C. Davol Jr. treasurer of the Davol Mills. The house was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey who works included numerous other public buildings and private homes in Fall River during this period.
 Third Street Bethel A.M.E. Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church located in Richmond Virginia. It built in 1857 and remodeled in 1875. It is a large Victorian Gothic brick building with two-story towers flanking a central gable. The central gable and towers feature Gothic lancet windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Not to be confused with St. Joseph's Church in Greenwich Village San Giuseppe's Church (New York City) or St. Joseph of the Holy Family's Church (New York City) in Manhattan.St. Joseph's Chapel is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 385 South End Avenue Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1983.
 Lake City School now known as the Lake City Community Center is a historic school building located at Spring Creek Township Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a two-story rectangular frame vernacular building measuring 22 feet 6 inches by 42 feet 6 inches. It sits on a sandstone foundation and has a gable roof topped by a belfry rebuilt in 2004.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Burns United Methodist Church is located in Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The D.E. Frantz House is located on West Bleeker Street in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a wooden frame house constructed for a local lumber magnate during the 1880s in the Queen Anne architectural style. It has remained a private residence ever since and is largely intact. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with other historic properties in the city.
 Maenan Abbey (formally: The Abbey Church of Saint Mary and All Saints; alternatively: Abaty Maenan or Maynan Abbey; now Maenan Abbey Hotel) was a monastic religious house located in Maenan Conwy Wales. It is situated near Llanrwst.
 Richmond Hill United Church at 10201 Yonge Street is a designated heritage building in the Town of Richmond Hill Ontario. The main body of the building dates back to 1880 with later additions built in 1932 and in 1957. The United Church boasts a history of over 200 years where it began as a simple log schoolhouse that acted as a place of worship for the local Methodists.
 The A. H. Ally House is located in Delavan Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Harry F. Wentz Studio also known as the Harry F. Wentz Studio-Bungalow and Studio Neah-Kah-Nie is a historic house located in the Neahkahnie community near Manzanita Oregon United States. Designed by artist Harry F. Wentz and architect A.E. Doyle and built circa 1916 this bungalow came to be regarded as a prototype of the Northwest Regional style of architecture.
 The Edison and Ford Winter Estates contain a historical museum and 17 acre (6.9 hectares) botanical garden on the adjacent sites of the winter homes of Thomas Alva Edison and Henry Ford beside the Caloosahatchee River in southwestern Florida. It is located at 2350 McGregor Boulevard Fort Myers Florida USA. It is open daily from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm including Sundays.
 Propeller Island City Lodge is a hotel and art installation in Berlin Germany designed by artist Lars Storschen and located in the borough of Wilmersdorf. The hotel is known for its eclectic and elaborately themed rooms.
 The Brooklyn Fire Headquarters also known as Old Brooklyn Fire Headquarters is a historic building in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Frank Freeman and built in 1892 it was used as a fire station until the 1970s after which it was converted into housing apartments. The building described as one of New York's best and most striking architectural compositions was made a New York City landmark in 1966 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Jewett Presbyterian Church Complex is a historic Presbyterian church on Church Street in Jewett Greene County New York. The complex consists of the 1848 Jewett Presbyterian Church and adjacent 1848 former Methodist Episcopal Church. The Jewett Presbyterian Church is a two story four by three bay timber framed building sheathed in clapboard and topped by a gable roof.
 Jerpoint Abbey is a ruined Cistercian abbey founded in the second half of the 12th century near Thomastown County Kilkenny Ireland. It is located 2.5 km south west from Thomastown on the N9 national primary road. There is a Visitor Centre with an exhibition. It has been declared a national monument and has been in the care of the Office of Public Works since 1880.It was constructed by in 1180 by Donogh O'Donoghoe Mac Gilla Patraic the King of Osraige.
 The JW Marriott Marquis Dubai Hotel is the world's tallest hotel a 72-storey 355 m (1165 ft) twin-tower skyscraper complex in Dubai United Arab Emirates.
 Two Wells Fargo Center is a 433 feet (132 m) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was completed in 1971 and has 32 floors. It surpassed the Winston Tower in Winston-Salem as the tallest building in North Carolina and in 1974 was passed by Bank of America Plaza. It is currently the 9th tallest building in Charlotte. In May 2006 it was repainted from beige to gray to complement the renovated color scheme at the neighboring Wachovia Main.
 Columbus Historic Riverfront Industrial District is a historic district in Columbus Georgia. It is located in the main district of Downtown. It consists of four separated areas along the Chattahoochee River from 8th Street North to 38th Street.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.It includes Columbus Iron Works also listed on the National Register.
 Trump Towers Istanbul are two conjoined towers in Şişli Istanbul Turkey. One of the towers is an office tower and the other a residential tower consisting of over 200 residences. They are the first Trump Towers in Europe.The residential tower includes the only collective wine cellar in Turkey with a capacity of 16800 bottles. The cellar is built by Focus Wine Cellars.
 The Mayo House in Marvell Arkansas was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence is a 1.7 kilometer strip at the ground and plaza level of the Jumeirah Beach Residence complex in Dubai. It was developed by Dubai Properties Group and was completed by 2007 and opened officially in August 2008.
 The Icon Complex is a proposed low rise building in Hobart Tasmania. Situated right in the center of the Hobart city centre the building is to feature a 5 level Myer replacing the Myer lost on the same site in 2007. Additionally there will be a Food court 40 specialty shops 2 floors of office space and several 4 of Hotel space above.
 Mayfair Shopping Centre is a mall located in Victoria British Columbia.Mayfair first opened in 1963. However it wasn't enclosed until 11 years later. Since then the mall has expanded 3 more times and now offers more than 120 stores and services including The Bay and Toys R Us. It also provides customers with rooftop parking.The mall has 409316 square feet (38026.7 m2) of retail space.
 Santa Chiara is a church in Pisa Italy a few paces away from the Piazza dei Miracoli.Originally called Santo Spirito it was reconstructed in 1227 as the chapel for the adjacent hospital of St. Clare later called Spedale Nuovo di Santo Spirito. The portal fresco of Madonna and child with Saints Clare and Francis dates from the 17th century. One of the relics contained therein is a supposed spine from the crown of Christ held at the church of Santa Maria della Spina.
 St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church Quebec City is a Presbyterian Church in Canada congregation in the Upper Town of Quebec City.
 Old Fort Johnson or Fort Johnson was a two-story stone house enclosed in fortifications built by Sir William Johnson about 1749 in the town of Amsterdam Montgomery County New York United States. The fort served as Johnson's home business office and trading center until 1763 when he moved to Johnson Hall in what is now Johnstown New York.
 The Cleveland Abbe House also known as Timothy Caldwell House Monroe-Adams-Abbe House Cleveland Abbe House or the Arts Club of Washington is a historic house in Washington D.C.. It is located at 2017 I Street NW.
 Knowlton Hall located in Columbus Ohio USA is the current home for the three disciplines that comprise the Austin E. Knowlton School of Architecture at The Ohio State University. The building was completed in 2004. The School of Architecture offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees in the fields of Architecture Landscape Architecture and City and Regional Planning.
 The Albert and Edith Adelman House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Fox Point Wisconsin.Albert Ollie Adelman was just 32 years old and had three young sons (Lynn Gary & Craig) when he asked Frank Lloyd Wright to design an affordable home in 1948. Albert was the son of Benjamin Adelman founder of a large laundry and dry cleaning business in the Milwaukee area.
 The De Turk Round Barn in Santa Rosa California United States is a round barn that was built in 1891 by Santa Rosa Winery owner De Turk. It was used for his champion trotter horses until his death in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.It is significant as one of very few round or polygonal barns surviving in Northern California.
 First Congregational Church also known as First Congregational United Church of Christ is an historic church located at 431 Columbus Avenue in Sandusky Ohio. Designed in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture it was built in 1895 by Sandusky builder George Philip Feick (1849-1932). On October 20 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. First Congregational is still an active member of the United Church of Christ.
 St Leonard's is an Anglican parish church in Middleton Greater Manchester England. It was designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage in 1957.Much of the present building was erected in 1412 by Cardinal Thomas Langley (born in Middleton in 1363) who served as Bishop of Durham and Lord Chancellor of England. He re-used the Norman doorway from an earlier structure to create the tower arch.
 The Sedgwick Museum of Earth Sciences is the geology museum of the University of Cambridge. It is part of the Department of Earth Sciences and is located on the University's Downing Site in Downing Street central Cambridge England.
 The Presbyterian Church building in Beaver Oklahoma is a historic church building built in 1887. It was one of the earliest permanent religious buildings built in the Oklahoma Panhandle. The church is a wood frame structure with a front gable roof and small bell tower over the front entrance. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 16 1974 for architectural significance and association with settlement of the area.It is located at 3rd St. and Ave. E in Beaver.
 The Łańcut Synagogue is a Baroque synagogue in Łańcut Poland. The Łańcut Synagogue is a rare surviving example of the four-pillar vaulted synagogues that were built throughout the Polish lands in both wood and masonry from the sixteenth through the early nineteenth centuries. The synagogue was renovated in the mid-20th century and underwent renovations in the years 1983-1990.
 State Highway 29 Bridge at the Colorado River is located in both Burnet and Llano counties in the U.S. state of Texas between Buchanan Dam and Inks Lake . It is also known as Inks Lake Bridge and was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in both counties on October 10 1996. The 1379.0 ft truss bridge was planned by the Texas Highway Department in 1929. Construction was completed by the Austin Bridge Company in 1937 at a cost of $188000.
 Inverlochy House (also known as Inverlochie House and Inverlochy Flats) is a historic building and art school in Wellington New Zealand.The house was originally built for the Wellingtonian councillor Kennedy Macdonald in 1878.
 The Parson Capen House is a historic house in Topsfield Massachusetts that was built in the late 17th century. It has drawn attention as an example of early colonial architecture and due to its well preserved condition compared to other houses built at that time.
 Greenport Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Greenport in Suffolk County New York. The district has 254 contributing buildings. It contains a large dense collection of largely unchanged structures that from about 1750 to the 1930s.
 The Nikkei Internment Memorial Centre is a museum and interpretive centre in New Denver British Columbia Canada dedicated to the history of the Japanese Canadians that were relocated to internment camps during World War II by the Canadian government (see Japanese Canadian internment).The site consists of five buildings of which three are original shacks built to house the interred people.
 China International Center (simplified Chinese: 中华国际中心; traditional Chinese: 中華國際中心; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Guójì Zhōngxīn) is a 62-storey 270 m (890 ft) skyscraper completed in 2007 in Guangzhou China.
 The Santa Fe Building also known as Railway Exchange Building is a 17-story office building in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District of the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States. It was designed by Frederick P. Dinkelberg of D. H. Burnham & Company in the Chicago style.
 The Parkdale Methodist Church is a historic church on S. Church Street in Parkdale Arkansas. Built out of rubble-faced and smooth concrete blocks that were shaped on site in 1926 it is an architecturally distinctive Plain-Traditional building with Classical Revival elements. The walls are lined with stained glass windows and the entry is made through a recessed porch supported by Tuscan columns.The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Aurora Public Library was first organized by voluntary contributions. When the town was incorporated in 1819 a lot on Fifth Street (then called Literary Street) was set aside for a public library but it took time for enough funds to be raised for its establishment.In 1882 fundraising by the sale of stock in the library property was done in $5 per share for 141 shares subscribed by 51 people and the sale of the library lot for another $700 raising $1405.
 Harefield Hospital is located in Harefield within the London Borough of Hillingdon. It is part of the Royal Brompton and Harefield NHS Foundation Trust which describes itself as the largest specialist heart and lung centre in the UK and among the largest in Europe. Harefield's sister hospital is the Royal Brompton Hospital in Chelsea. The hospital grounds include tennis courts (no longer in use) and a helipad.
 The James Scales House built c.1885 in Kirkland Tennessee along with the William W. Johnson House another Williamson County house are notable as late 19th century central passage plan residences that display period decoration at eaves and porch. It includes Stick/Eastlake I-house and central passage plan architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Caledon Museum in the town of Caledon Western Cape South Africa is a social history museum displaying and collecting around the themes The Victorian Period in Caledon and The History of People Living in Caledon. It is a province aided museum.
 The Brown Building is a ten-story office and residential tower in downtown Austin Texas. Completed in 1938 at the southwest corner of 8th Street and Colorado Street the building was home to many significant companies throughout 20th century Austin including the holding corporation for the Lyndon Johnson family.
 Parliament museum is a museum in the Parliament of India Library Building in New Delhi close to the Sansad Bhavan. It was inaugurated by then Speaker of Lok Sabha on 29 December 1989 in Parliament House Annexe subsequently it shifted to its present in a Special Hall of the Sansadiya Gyanpeeth Parliament Library Building where it was inaugurated on 7 May 2002 by President of India K. R. Narayanan. The interactive museum was inaugurated by President A.P.J.
 Holmedal Church (Norwegian: Holmedal kyrkje) is a parish church in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Holmedal on the northern shore of the Dalsfjorden. The church is part of the Askvoll parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church seats 432 and it was consecrated on 24 November 1868 by bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland. The architect Eilert Christian Brodtkorb Christie designed the church.
 The Frank Picklum House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Fire Station No. 4 is a historic fire station in Miami Florida. It is located at 1000 South Miami Avenue. On March 8 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.In October 2007 it became the home of the restaurant Dolores but you can call me Lolita.
 The Ethnological Museum in Berlin (German: Ethnologisches Museum; until 1999 Museum für Völkerkunde) is one of the largest ethnological museums in the world. It houses half a million pre-industrial objects acquired primarily from the German voyages of exploration and colonialization of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
 The David Cummins Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 301 Liberty Street in Conneaut Ohio. Built in 1860 it is named for David Cummins who founded the Cummins Canning Company in Conneaut.
 The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic is a Canadian maritime museum located in downtown Halifax Nova Scotia.The Maritime Museum of the Atlantic is a member institution of the Nova Scotia Museum and is the oldest and largest maritime museum in Canada with a collection of over 30000 artifacts including 70 small craft and a steamship:the CSS Acadia a 180 foot steam-powered hydrographic survey ship launched in 1913.
 Westpac House (formerly Santos House and State Bank Building) is the tallest building in the South Australian capital of Adelaide. It is a 31 storey office tower reaching 132 metres at its roof with each level approximately 4 metres in height. It is set back from Currie Street near the intersection with King William Street and is connected to two adjacent office buildings on Currie Street. It has four street frontages and various pedestrian thoroughfares.
 The A. P. Johnson House also known as Campbell Residence is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Delavan Wisconsin USA in 1905.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Alaska State Capitol is located in the state capital of Juneau at the corner of East 4th Street and Main Street. It houses the Alaska Legislature and the offices for the governor of Alaska and lieutenant governor of Alaska.
 The Boynton and The Windsor are a pair historic buildings at 718 and 720 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. They are nearly identical brick apartment buildings that were constructed c. 1887 to designs by Barker & Nourse and are well preserved instances of late 19th century apartment house construction that once lined Main Street for many blocks.
 St. Mildred's Church Whippingham is a parish church in the Church of England located in Whippingham Isle of Wight.
 The Louisiana State Capitol is the seat of government for the U.S. state of Louisiana and is located in downtown Baton Rouge. The capitol houses the chambers for the Louisiana State Legislature made up of the House of Representatives and the Senate as well as the office of the Governor of Louisiana. At 450 feet (137 m) tall and with 34 stories it is the tallest building in Baton Rouge the seventh tallest building in Louisiana and tallest capitol in the United States.
 Jesus is Lord Church (JILCW also known as JIL Church JIL Movement or JIL previously named JIL Fellowship) is a Evangelical Charismatic Christian movement in the Philippines headed by Bro. Eddie Villanueva. JIL started with 15 members in 1978. As of 2010 members growth up to 6 million believers. Its world headquarters is located in Bocaue Bulacan Philippines.
 Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar is a large Hasidic synagogue located at Kent Avenue and Hooper Street in Williamsburg Brooklyn. It was constructed as a result of a feud between followers of two sons (Aaron and Zalman) of the deceased Satmar rebbe Moshe Teitelbaum. It has been dubbed the Miracle Synagogue or the Home Depot Shul because it was constructed in just 14 business days.
 South Hill Mall is an enclosed shopping centre located in the city of Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. As of 2013 the mall is anchored by Canada Safeway and a Winners department store plus a Galaxy movie theatre which has an exterior-only entrance.
 Lancaster County Courthouse is a building that is attributed to the architect Robert Mills. In continuous use as a courthouse since its completion in 1828 it features fine reeded woodwork and vaulted ceilings. A series of double barrel brick vaults supports the second floor and forms the ceiling of the first.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.It may be included within the Lancaster Downtown Historic District also listed on the National Register.At approximately 5 a.m.
 Sucha Góra TV Tower ( Polish: RTCN Sucha Góra) is a 116 metre tall TV tower of reinforced concrete situated on theSucha Góra mountain north of Czarnorzeki Subcarpathian Voivodeship in Poland at 49°45′22″N 21°48′58″E. Sucha Góra TV tower was built in 1962.
 The Players is a clubhouse and theatre located at 3321 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1985 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St Peter's Church Aston-by-Sutton is in the small hamlet of Aston-by-Sutton Cheshire near to the town of Runcorn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. It is one of three parish churches in the parish of Aston-by-Sutton Little Leigh and Lower Whitley. The other two being St Michael Little Leigh and St Luke Lower Whitley.
 Kornis Castle is a castle begun in the 16th century and located in Mănăstirea village Cluj County Romania. It is listed as a historic monument by the country's Culture Ministry.
 Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre or Kowloon Mosque and Islamic Centre (Chinese: 九龍清真寺暨伊斯蘭中心) is second among five principal mosques constructed in Hong Kong China. Located in Kowloon at the corner of Nathan Road and Haiphong Road next to Kowloon Park the mosque is currently the largest Islamic house of worship in the city. The mosque holds 5 prayers daily and is capable of accommodating up to approximately 3500 people.
 The Equitable Building is a high-rise located in Des Moines Iowa. It is named after the insurance company Equitable of Iowa which originally owned the building and is located along Locust Street in the downtown area of the city. The 19-story Equitable Building at 604 Locust St. in Des Moines was completed in 1924 and standing at 318 ft (97m) for 49 years was the tallest building in Iowa.
 Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS hospital located in Westcliff-on-Sea Essex.In 1887 to celebrate Queen Victoria's Jubilee a public fund was started with the aim of building a hospital and site for Southend's first hospital was bought for £350 (in Warrior Square near to Southend High Street). Built for £1287.4s.6d Southend Victoria Hospital was opened in May 1888.
 The Terminal Arcade located on Wabash Avenue in downtown Terre Haute Indiana is a Beaux-Arts building on the National Register of Historic Places since June 30 1983.The building originally served as the Terre Haute Indianapolis and Eastern Traction Company interurban station opening in 1911. It was built on the grounds of the former J. S. Evans and Sons a bicycle shop.
 The Vatican Historical Museum (Italian: Museo storico vaticano) is one of the sections of the Vatican Museums. It was founded in 1973 at the behest of Pope Paul VI and was initially hosted in environments under the Square Garden.
 St. Joseph Catholic Church was a parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston serving the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The parish was established in 1845 and a church was built in the same year. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The parish was suppressed by the archdiocese in 2002 resulting in the sale of the property.
 Max Hoffman House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed house in Rye New York. In 1954 European automobile importer Max Hoffman commissioned Wright to design the Hoffman Auto Showroom for his Jaguar dealership at 430 Park Avenue in New York City. The following year Wright designed a single-story L-shaped home for the Hoffmans on North Manursing Island. This large waterfront house and garden overlooks Long Island Sound.
 Bella Vista is a royal palace of the Nizam during the existence of Hyderabad State now located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is the Indo-European building standing on a 10-acre (40000 m2) verdant campus. The building's French architect christened it as Bella Vista meaning beautiful sight since it overlooks the Hussain sagar lake. It is located at Saifabad suburb. It was modeled on the Henley-on-Thames of England.
 St Joseph Seminary was a Roman Catholic minor seminary in Mark Cross outside Rotherfield in East Sussex. It was designed by Edward Pugin and the site dates to 1869. It is a Grade II listed building.
 The Hidden Gem or formally St Mary’s Roman Catholic Church is located on Mulberry Street in Manchester England. It was first dedicated at the site in 1794 with devotion to St Mary Our Lady of the Assumption. In 1835 the roof collapsed was restored and now The Hidden Gem remains the oldest Catholic Church in Manchester. (The second in the City Centre was St Augustine's in Granby Row afterwards moved to Chorlton on Medlock.)
 The Dayabumi Complex (Malay: Kompleks Dayabumi) is a major landmark in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It houses several commercial facilities and is one of the earliest skyscrapers in the city. It is located near the National Mosque the Old Kuala Lumpur Railway Station and the Federal House at Jalan Sultan Hishamuddin. It was designed in a modern Islamic style. The facade of the tower is adorned with patterns of eight-pointed stars and Islamic arches at the top and bottom of the tower.
 Smith's Tavern is a historic building in Spartanburg County South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery (QVMAG) is a museum located in Launceston Tasmania Australia. Established in 1891 the Queen Victoria has a strong reputation for its excellent collection which includes fine exhibitions of colonial art contemporary craft and design Tasmanian history and natural sciences specifically a zoology collection.
 The Duke Energy Center is a 786 feet (240 m) tall 48-floor (54 floors including mechanical floors) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. When completed in 2010 it was the largest building in Charlotte (in square footage) second tallest building in Charlotte and the tallest in the world to use precast double tees built by Prestress of the Carolinas.
 The Institute of Contemporary Art (ICA) is an art museum and exhibition space located in Boston Massachusetts United States of America. The museum was founded as the Boston Museum of Modern Art in 1936 with a mission to exhibit contemporary art. Since then it has gone through multiple name changes as well as moving its galleries and support spaces over 13 times. Its current home was built in 2006 in the South Boston Seaport District and designed by architects Diller Scofidio + Renfro.
 The Capt. Edward Fuller Farm is a historic farmstead at 59-71 North Street in Newton Massachusetts. The original farmhouse is at #59 and the barn now converted to a house is at #71. The house is estimated to have been built c. 1775 possibly using materials from an even older structure; the barn is estimated to have been built in 1800. The house was original 1 1⁄2 stories and was raised to its present 2 1⁄2 in the 1840s. The barn was converted to residential use c. 1950.
 The Sheridan County Courthouse located at 2nd and Sprague Sts. in Rushville Nebraska was built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It has also been designated Nebraska historic site SH08-1.It is an example of the County Capitol architecture type and along with the Cherry County Courthouse is one of the less intricate examples of the type having a single squared tower rather than having a dome and several towers.
 The Frauenkirche (full name Dom zu Unserer Lieben Frau Cathedral of Our Dear Lady) is a church in the Bavarian city of Munich that serves as the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Munich and Freising and seat of its Archbishop. It is a landmark and is considered a symbol of the Bavarian capital city.The church towers are widely visible because of local height limits.
 Makemie Memorial Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in Snow Hill Wocester County Maryland. The church was established by immigrants from England Scotland and Ulster.Makmie Memorial is generally regarded as being the first church in America to issue a call to a pastor. The original church building was a log structure located within a block of the Pocomoke River which in 1683 was the main means of travel in the area given the vast wet-lands in Worcester County.
 Luis Barragán House and Studio also known as Casa Luis Barragán is the former residence of architect Luis Barragán in Mexico City. It is owned by the Fundación de Arquitectura Tapatía and the Government of the State of Jalisco. It is now a museum exhibiting Barragán's work and is also used by visiting architects. UNESCO added the Casa Luis Barragán to its World Heritage List in 2004.
 The Riverside Inn is a hotel and dinner theater in Cambridge Springs Crawford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Built in the late-1880s at the height of the mineral springs craze in the United States it was operated as a resort for vacationers heading to the nearby springs that gave Cambridge Springs its name. The Riverside Inn was the first of many resorts to be built in and the only one that remains from that period. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Fort Kearny was a historic outpost of the United States Army founded in 1848 in the western U.S. during the middle and late 19th century. The outpost was located along the Oregon Trail near present-day Kearney Nebraska which took its name from the fort (with an incorrect spelling which the U. S. Post Office Department refused to correct).
 Beaty-Little House is an historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story rectangular central hall plan residence ith a hipped roof and two interior brick chimneys. It features a full-width hipped-roof porch across the front façade with freestanding Tuscan-influenced columns and an elaborately sawn balustrade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum is a contemporary art museum located in Ridgefield Connecticut. The Aldrich has no permanent collection and is the only museum in Connecticut that is dedicated solely to the exhibition of contemporary art.
 The Cornelius Wynkoop Stone House is located along US 209 in the hamlet of Stone Ridge New York United States. It is a stone house in the Georgian style built from 1767-72 for Cornelius Evert Wynkoop.
 St. Matthew's Church is an historic Roman Catholic church at 1030 Dexter Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The church was built in 1929 by Walter F. Fontaine and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.Currently the church is officially known as Holy Spirit Parish.
 The T. A. Hasler House is a Classical Revival style house located in Bastrop Texas. The two-story house was renovated from a farm-house-style dwelling by Marie Hasler after the death of her husband T. A. Hasler. The structure was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1978.
 Castle Leslie Estate home to an Irish branch of Clan Leslie and located on the 4 km² Castle Leslie is both the name of a historic Country House and 1000-acre Estate adjacent to the village of Glaslough 11 km (7 mi) north-east of Monaghan town in County Monaghan Republic of Ireland.
 The Tinta Massacre Site near Merizo Guam has significance from 1944. Also known as Tinta (66-06-1223) it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The listing included one contributing site and one contributing object.It is the location of a massacre of civilians by Japanese troops on July 15 1944 six days before the island was liberated in World War II.
 The West Main District is one of the five districts of downtown Louisville Kentucky. The district or a portion of it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as West Main Street Historic District due to its containment of some of the oldest structures in the city. The buildings of this district boast the largest collection of cast iron façades of anywhere outside of New York's SoHo district.
 Marcella Sembrich Opera Museum also known as Marcella Sembrich Memorial Studio is a historic teaching studio located at Bolton Landing Warren County New York. It was built in 1922-24 as a teaching studio for New York Metropolitan Opera diva Marcella Sembrich (1858-1935). The studio building is a one story rectangular stucco walled wood frame building with a hipped roof and glassed in porches in the Spanish Revival style.
 Loders Priory was a priory in Loders Dorset England.
 Max J. Anderson House is at 523 Pine Street part of the Kingman Arizona Historical District Kingman Arizona. It was built in 1927. The house is of the late 19th and 20th Century Revivals styles. It was built with native stone and it is one of six of these of homes. This home may have been built for Mary E. Cohenour.[citation needed] This home is next to house at 527 Pine Street most likely both homes were built by the same contractor.[citation needed]
 The Charles F. Berg Building also the Dolph Building is an art-deco building in downtown Portland Oregon. It is one of the few examples of commercial use of art-deco in Portland.The structure was built in 1902 and remodeled into a women's clothing store with its signature facade in 1930. Charles F. Berg (1871–1932) the building's namesake was the owner of the store once located inside. At the time Charles F.
 Rosenberg's Department Store is located at Fourth and D Streets in downtown Santa Rosa California. The structure is the most significant example of the Streamline Moderne style in Santa Rosa and was the tallest building in the city for many years.
 Newfoundland is a proposed residential development on The Isle of Dogs London.
 St Peter & St Paul's Church Gringley-on-the-Hill is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Gringley-on-the-Hill.
 Our Lady of Sorrows Church (Latvian: Sāpju Dievmātes Romas katoļu baznīca) is a Roman Catholic church in Riga the capital of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 5 Pils Street.
 Valley View Mall is a 800000-square-foot (74000 m2) regional shopping mall located in the Roundhill neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It is located near the interchange of Interstate 581/U.S. Route 220 with Hershberger Road (State Route 101) in the northwest section of the city.Most outparcel locations around Valley View Mall have been developed into restaurants retail stores offices and hotels.
 The Bennett Daniel Fultz House is one of the earliest houses in Lower Sackville Nova Scotia and the community's only museum. It is located on its original land on the corner of the Great Roads leading from Halifax to Truro and to the Annapolis Valley.
 St Bartholomew's Church is in the town of Colne in Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. There has been a church on the site since no later than the 12th century although the present building mostly dates from the 16th century. It is designated as a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Mendota (FCI Mendota) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp housing minimum-security male offenders.FCI Mendota is located in central California 36 miles west of Fresno.
 Augustine United Church in Edinburgh Scotland is part of the United Reformed Church and is part of a local ecumenical partnership with St Columba's-by-the-Castle (Scottish Episcopal Church) and Greyfriars Tolbooth and Highland Kirk (Church of Scotland).The congregation traces its roots back over 200 years in the Old Town area of Edinburgh. The present building (at 41 George IV Bridge) was completed in 1861 and has recently undergone a major renovation and upgrading.
 The Buhl Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Built in 1913 in the Italianate style the building is faced with multi-colored terra cotta tiles.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 3 1980. As well it is listed as a landmark by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation.
 St Michael and All Angels Church is a church in Lowfield Heath a depopulated former village in the Borough of Crawley a local government district with Borough status in West Sussex England. Built by the Gothic Revival architect William Burges in 1867 to serve the village it declined in importance as Lowfield Heath was gradually appropriated for the expansion of London Gatwick Airport and of its related development.
 The Église Saint-Maurice is a church on rue de Paris in the historic centre of Lille. Its construction began at the end of the 14th century and completed at the end of the 19th century and it was extended over more than four centuries. A hall church in the Gothic style it was made a monument historique in 1914.
 The Richards-Sewall House is a historic house in Urbana Ohio United States. Located along College Street on the city's western side it was built in 1853 in a combination of the Queen Anne Stick/Eastlake and Gothic Revival architectural styles. Although it was built as and is currently used as a single residence the house has also been used as a dormitory. Its most significant resident was Frank Sewall president of what is now Urbana University during the 1870s.
 Fort Snelling originally known as Fort Saint Anthony was a military fortification located at the confluence of the Minnesota River and Mississippi River in Hennepin County Minnesota. Mississippi National River and Recreation Area a National Park Service unit includes historic Fort Snelling.Fort Snelling also refers to an unorganized territory in Hennepin County Minnesota containing the former fortification.
 St.Theresa Church is a Catholic church under the jjurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Madras-Mylapore (Chennai-Mylai) in Tamil Nadu India in Sembiam division of Perambur Chennai. Approximately 900 families have the membership in this Catholic parish. Many people from various parts of Chennai make pilgrimage to this church for the devotion of Infant Jesus.
 ThinkPark Tower (シンクパークタワー) is a 30-story skyscraper part of the ThinkPark redevelopment area in Ōsaki Tokyo. The building construction started in 2004 based on designs by Nikken Sekkei and completed in 2007. The official opening took place on October 25 of the same year.The ThinkPark complex which encompases the building distinguishes itself by being the first green urbanism project in Japan.
 The Business Instructional Facility (BIF) is a $60 million 160000 sq ft (15000 m2) state-of-the-art business facility designed by Pelli Clarke Pelli Architects located on the Champaign campus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC).
 Dederer Stone House-Stonehurst is a historic home located at Orangetown in Rockland County New York. It was built in 1865 and is a 2 1⁄2-story T shaped dwelling constructed using regular size units of local granite with dressed sandstone trim. It features a jerkinhead roof. Also on the property is a 2-story barn and stone hitching post.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Oxford is a historic multiunit residential building at 4 Adams Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The double triple decker apartment house was built in 1897 during the last major phase of development on the city's South Side and is one of its only surviving houses of that type. It has well-preserved Colonial Revival features including a dentillated and modillioned cornice.
 Antoing Castle (French: Château d'Antoing) is one of Belgium's most original and well-known castles situated in Antoing in Hainaut.It was first mentioned in the 12th century.
 Topeka Correctional Facility is a Kansas Department of Corrections state prison for women located in Topeka Kansas. Built in the 1970s in March 2001 it became the only women's prison in the state. It administers a wide range of security levels from maximum security through work-release. The site was originally founded in 1905 as the Topeka Industrial Institute by the African American educator Edward S.
 The Samuel Van Sant House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States. The house was built in 1860 and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners.
 The Ivy is a restaurant which is very popular with celebrities people from the arts and media and theatregoers. It is situated in West Street near Cambridge Circus in London and opposite the Ambassadors and St Martin's theatres.The original restaurant was opened by Abel Giandellini in 1916 as an unlicensed Italian cafe in a building on the same site.
 The Basilica of San Francisco in the city of La Paz Bolivia is a Catholic church under the advocation of Francis of Assisi. It is located in the center of the city in the square that bears its name Plaza San Francisco.
 The Arlington is a 310 feet (94 m) tall mixed-use skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. The building was the first residential high-rise and first mixed use high-rise development in the city. The developer Jim Gross is also noted for the first downtown residential development (Ivey's) and the first loft-style development in the city (Factory South) among many other developments. It was completed in 2003 and has 24 floors and an outdoor swimming pool on the roof.
 Foster-Payne House is an historic house at 25 Belmont Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1878 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Carpenters' Hall is a two-story brick building in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania that was a key meeting place in the early history of the United States. Completed in 1775 and set back from Chestnut Street the meeting hall was built for and is still owned by the Carpenters' Company of the City and County of Philadelphia the country's oldest extant craft guild. The First Continental Congress met here.
 Mid Valley Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre in Morwell Victoria Australia. It is the largest shopping centre in Gippsland. The center commenced trading on 7 September 1982 (after an opening ceremony the previous day) and has since been redeveloped between the late 1990s and mid-2000s. The center has 67 stores including two discount department stores and two supermarkets as well as a cinema complex and Hardware Store (Bunnings Warehouse)
 Built in 1931 in Lewes Delaware the Zwaanendael Museum was created to honor the 300th anniversary of Delaware's first European settlement Zwaanendael founded 1631. The museum models the former City Hall in Hoorn the Netherlands. It has 17th century Dutch elements such as stepped facade gable terra cotta roof tiles carved stonework and decorated shutters. The top of the building's front features a statue of David Pietersen de Vries leader of the expedition that founded Swanendael.
 The Loyalty Building formerly known as the Buyers Building and the Guardian Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Westpac Place (commonly referred to as the Palace as it is Westpac's premier working environment above all others) is a commercial skyscraper located in the north-western corridor of the Sydney central business district Australia. The building is fully leased to Westpac and is the bank's Australian headquarters.
 St Peter's Church Claydon is a redundant Anglican church in Claydon Suffolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a position overlooking the Gipping valley.
 The Liberty School was a one-room schoolhouse in Brentwood Tennessee that was built in 1900. Along with Forest Hills School and Liberty Hill School it was one of the three best surviving examples in Williamson County of one room schoolhouses built during 1900-1920.
 St. Mary's Church (German: Marienkirche) is a large Lutheran church located in Stralsund northern Germany.Built some time before 1298 it is architecturally Gothic an example of the brick gothic style prevalent in northern Germany. Between 1549 and 1647 it was the tallest building in the world at 151 metres (495 ft) tall.The bell tower collapsed in 1382 and was rebuilt by 1478. In 1495 the steeple tower blew down during a severe storm and was then rebuilt taller.
 Lewis Mountain also known as Onteora is a historic home located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was designed in 1909 and completed in 1912. The house is a three-part plan granite dwelling consisting of a nearly square center section flanked by one-story flat-roofed wings in the Colonial Revival style.
 Forum Thomsun Mall is an upcoming mall under construction in the city of Kochi Kerala India. The Mall is promoted by one of the India's largest realty firm the Prestige Group as a joint venture with Thomsun Realtors. Prestige Group pioneered in retail sector by starting South India's first Mall The Forum in Bangalore. Forum Kochi Mall is debut venture of Prestige Group into Kerala.The mall was scheduled to start its construction in 2009 however delayed due to global recession.
 The Virginia Historical Society (VHS) founded in 1811 as the Virginia Historical and Philosophical Society and headquartered in Richmond Virginia is a major repository research and teaching center for Virginia history.
 The Pickwick Theatre is an art deco movie palace located in Park Ridge Illinois a suburb of Chicago.Designed by Roscoe Harold Zook William F. McCaughey and Alfonso Iannelli the Pickwick opened in 1928 as a vaudeville stage and movie theatre. It is widely recognized for its marquee and 100-foot tower which appeared in the opening credits of Siskel & Ebert & the Movies.
 Spynie Hospital was a UK National Health Service hospital in Elgin Scotland. It was administered by NHS Grampian.It was built in 1900 as Elgin Joint Infectious Diseases Hospital and the Joint County Hospital.
 Modern Media Center is a skyscraper under construction in Changzhou China.
 Falmouth Hospital is a private medical center located in Falmouth Massachusetts founded in 1963. It has 95 beds. Falmouth Hospital is located just west of Palmer Avenue (Route 28) just south off of TerHeun Drive.The Emergency Department is one of the busiest in Massachusetts providing emergency services to more than 40000 patients on an annual basis.In 1996 it merged with Cape Cod Hospital to form the unified Cape Cod Healthcare organization.
 The Fairmount Hotel is a historic former hotel located in Portland Oregon United States built in 1905. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The hotel was constructed for the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition located on 26th Avenue across from what was then the fair's main gate. The hotel was furnished by Meier & Frank. It is one of the few extant structures associated with the 1905 world's fair.
 Portage Park is a 36-acre (15 ha) park in the Portage Park community area of Chicago Illinois on the National Register of Historic Places. The park stretches from Irving Park Road on the south to Berteau Avenue between Central and Long Avenues.
 The Holmes-Shannon House is a Craftsman style home with Tudor influences built in 1911 in the Victoria Park neighborhood of Los Angeles California. Designed by Robert Farquhar Train and Robert Edmund Williams the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in March 2008 based on its well-preserved Craftsman architecture.
 The Museum of Design Atlanta (MODA) is a design museum located at 1315 Peachtree Street in Atlanta Georgia USA. MODA is the only museum in the Southeast devoted exclusively to the study and celebration of all things design.
 The Springfield Armory located in the city of Springfield Massachusetts was the primary center for the manufacture of U.S. military firearms from 1777 until its closing in 1968. The site is preserved as the Springfield Armory National Historic Site Western Massachusetts' only unit of the national park system.
 The Dr. O.B. Harriman House also known as the Harriman Nielsen Historic Farm is an historic structure located in Hampton Iowa United States. The Italianate style house was built in 1881. It was donated to the Franklin County Historical Society by the Nielsen Estate. It is currently being restored. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987.
 Prosperity Baptist Church is a historic church on AR 8 W in Ramsey Arkansas.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 Downtown Pawtucket Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Broad Street Grant Street High Street East Avenue Ext. and Main Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Church of St Gregory in Stoke St Gregory Somerset England dates originally from the 14th century although it has been renovated several times.
 Opened in Helensvale on 13 October 2005 Westfield Helensvale also referred to as Helensvale Town Centre is the newest Westfield Shopping Centre.It is the first Westfield for the Gold Coast and includes Coles Kmart ALDI Target and Woolworths as majors as well as a food court with McDonald's KFC and Subway.
 Episcopal Church of the Epiphany is a historic church at 303 W. Main Street in New Iberia Louisiana.It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 New Thomson House also known as the Penn-Kane Hotel is a historic hotel located in Kane Pennsylvania United States. It is a six story brick structure constructed in 1907. The hotel structure is now used as a mixed-use building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Early Family Historic District is a cluster of five properties in Brandywine Maryland associated with the Early family leading developers and promoters of the community in the late 19th century. It includes a store built in 1872 by William H. Early who platted the township out the William W. Early House one of the finest Queen Anne Victorians in the county and three other Early family residences.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Red Clay Creek Presbyterian Church also known as McKennan's Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Mill Creek and McKennan's Church Roads near Newark New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1853 and is a two-story stuccoed stone structure. It was originally rectangular in plan but additions have given it an irregular cruciform shape. It features a colonnaded porch in the Greek Revival style with a fanlight and an enclosed vestibule.
 For the Rogers Building in Toronto Canada see Rogers Building (Canada)The Rogers Building (also known as the English Club) is a historic site in Orlando Florida. It is located at 37-39 South Magnolia Avenue. On July 7 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 210 C Avenue South in Minnewaukan Benson County North Dakota. Designed in the Gothic Revival style of architecture by Fargo architects The Hancock Brothers it was built by local artisan Otis Kolstad in 1903 of local fieldstone with concrete mortar and wooden gables and roof. It features a stone bell tower over the side entrance.
 The BowMac sign known as Toys R BowMac and Toymac is a neon sign in Vancouver British Columbia with a metal screen depicting the Toys R Us logo covering a significant portion of the original sign. It stands at 1154-1176 West Broadway a Toys R Us store. It was designated by the City of Vancouver as a landmark worthy of preservation and revitalization in 1997. The sign is a landmark of Vancouver but also a topic of contention as unsightly as well as exceptionally large.
 Lescudjack Hill fort is the name given to the unexcavated Iron Age settlement located in Penzance Cornwall. The name might originate from the Cornish words lan (enclosure) and scosek (shielded)- shielded enclosure or more likely nans (valley) and cosek (wooded) or from lesky (to burn) cunnys (fuel) and ack (a place where found) since LESKInnick terrace is just below on the west side of the hill; therefore it could mean a beacon place.
 Hacienda La Sabana near Camuy Puerto Rico was built in 1773. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Despić House is an old merchant house in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina that was established in 1881. It is a branch of the Museum of Sarajevo.
 For the Florida home see Hale House (Brooksville Florida)Hale House is a Queen Anne style Victorian mansion built in 1887 in the Highland Park section of northeast Los Angeles California. It has been described as the most photographed house in the entire city and the most elaborately decorated. In 1966 it was declared a Historic Cultural Monument and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Brighton Heights Reformed Church was a historic Dutch Reformed church at 320 St. Marks Place in St. George Staten Island New York.The AIA Guide to New York City (1978) states that the church was built in 1866.The original building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The current structure pictured at right is not the one added to the National Register. The original structure was destroyed in an accidental fire in the 1990s.
 The Stuart Dunlap House on 7th Ave. in Mandan North Dakota was built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.One reason that the house is significant is for its association with Hoy Sylvester Russell manager and founder of the Mandan Creamery and Produce Company.
 Aughinish Tower is a Martello tower at Aughinish County Clare Ireland. It was built as a signal and gun tower to defend Ireland against invasion by the French during the Napoleonic Wars. The tower's construction dates back to March 1811 when 6 acres (2.4 ha) of land for the site was purchased from a Major Lynch. While the Aughinish Tower is the same design as the Finavarra Tower its small ordnance storage building no longer exists.
 The Henry Hickert Building located at 104 W. 4th in Bird City Kansas is a historic building dating from 1920. It is in Early Commercial style and has also been known as Heritage Corner Cafe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It is a two-story brick building that has been a prominent landmark and a part of the community since 1920. It has served as a bank as the post office as a drugstore as a restaurant and as apartments.
 Ungurmuiža Manor (Latvian: Ungurmuižas kungu māja) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. The estate is named for the von Ungern family who owned it prior to the middle of the 17th century. The current wooden manor was built in 1731-1732 in Baroque style for the owner Lieutenant General Balthasar Freiherr von Campenhausen. The von Campenhausen family owned the estate from 1728 to 1939.
 St. Mark's Church is a historic church in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1832 and continues today.
 The John Brooks House is a historic house at 12 Nelson Place in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the late 1840s by John Brooks a Princeton native and farmer. The south facade distinctively has three large gables which rise to nearly meet the main ridge line.
 The Museo Naval de Madrid —in English Naval Museum of Madrid— is a national museum in Madrid Spain. It shows the history of the Spanish Navy since the Catholic Monarchs in the 15th century up to the present. It also hosts several navigation instruments weapons maps and paintings. Its origins date back to 1792 but it was not until 1843 when the Museum was inaugurated in Madrid.
 The Old Petaluma Opera House (also known as the Maclay Building) is an historic building located in downtown Petaluma California. Built in 1870 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Its original use was as a theater lecture hall and dance hall. In 1901 the upper floors were converted to office and meeting space and the street level was remodeled for retail space. The Nielsen Furniture Company occupied the building from 1944 to 1960.
 Our Lady of the Assumption Church also known as St Mary Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Rhyl Denbighshire. It was founded in 1851 by the Society of Jesus and was rebuilt in 1973.
 St. Mary’s Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Ogdensburg New York United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Ogdensburg.
 The Lexington Financial Center locally known as Fifth Third or the Big Blue Building is a 357361 sq ft (33199.9 m2) 410 ft (125 m) 31-floor high-rise in Lexington Kentucky. It is located between Vine Street and Main Street at South Mill Street. Its exterior features blue tinted glass that has become an identifying symbol for the downtown.
 The Regions Center (formerly the AmSouth Center before that the AmSouth-Sonat Tower and originally the First National-Southern Natural Building) is a 119 meter (390 foot) tall 30 story office tower located at northwest corner of 20th Street and 5th Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama USA. It served as the corporate headquarters for AmSouth Bancorporation from 1972 until 2006 and Sonat Inc. and its subsidiaries from 1972 until 2007 when it relocated to the Colonial Brookwood Center.
 The Henry M. Jackson Federal Building (JFB) is a 37-story United States Federal Government skyscraper in downtown Seattle Washington. Located on the block bounded by Marion and Madison Streets and First and Second Avenues the building was completed in 1974 and won the Honor Award of the American Institute of Architects in 1976. It received its current name after the death of U.S. Senator Henry M. Jackson in 1983.
 The Boone County Courthouse in Madison West Virginia was completed in 1921 in the Neoclassical Revival style. Designed by architect H. Rus Warne of Charleston the courthouse stands on a small hill in a square. Construction started in 1917 but disputes and construction delays extended construction for four years. Its dome was gold-leafed in 1977.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The University of New Mexico Hospital (locally known as either University Hospital or UNM Hospital) is a teaching hospital located in Albuquerque New Mexico north of The University of New Mexico's Main Campus. It is the only Level I Trauma Center in the State of New Mexico and also houses the only Children's Hospital and Burn Unit in the state.UNMH is the state's sole source of 13 pediatric sub-specialties; is the state's sole stroke center as designated by the Joint Commission.
 The Branford-Horry House was already standing when William Brandford died in 1767. It is located at 59 Meeting Street Charleston South Carolina. The house was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.The three-story house of stuccoed brick has very fine Georgian interiors. The front piazza built over the sidewalk was added by Branford's grandson Elias Horry in about 1830.The house is unusual for its piazzas which extend over the public sidewalk.
 The Barton House in Salado Texas was built in 1866. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Shops at University Square also referred to as just University Square or by its former name the Galleria Mall is a shopping mall in downtown Rochester Minnesota. It is located underneath the University of Minnesota Rochester. It surrounds the Peace Plaza and is connected by skyway to Rochester's DoubleTree hotel and the Kahler Grand Hotel.
 St Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic Church in Dorking Surrey. It was founded in 1872 with help from the Duke of Norfolk. It is situated in Falkland Grove in the town. It is the only Catholic parish church in Dorking and is served by the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
 The Marton Museum is Croatia's first private museum and specializes in 18th and 19th century European applied art. The Marton Museum derives its name from its original founder Mr Veljko Marton whose collection is featured within its walls.
 Carrefour Laval is a super regional mall located in Laval Quebec Canada at the intersection of the Laurentian Highway (A-15) and Laval Freeway (A-440). At 115478 m2 (1242990 sq ft) it is the largest enclosed mall in the Montreal area and also Quebec's largest mall operating on one floor. Carrefour Laval is one of the four fashion centres in the Montreal area that also include Fairview Pointe-Claire Les Promenades Saint-Bruno and Les Galeries d'Anjou.
 The Weatherly Building in Portland Oregon is a 12-story commercial office building. It was built in 1926 by ice cream businessman George Warren Weatherly.According to a December 31 1927 photograph held by the Library of Congress as part of the Historic American Buildings Survey collection (labeled Stevens Commercial Photographers) the building was designed by architects Sutton & Whitney and Lee Thomas and was built by Robertson Hay & Wallace general contractors.
 Conway Methodist Church 1898 and 1910 Sanctuaries also known as First United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. The 1898 sanctuary is a one-story brick cruciform cross-gable roofed Gothic Revival style building. It features Tudor arched stained glass lancet windows. The 1910 sanctuary is a Mission Revival style building and is a large one-story front-gabled roof stuccoed building.
 The Western Infirmary is a teaching hospital situated in the West End of Glasgow Scotland. There is also a Maggie's centre at the hospital to help cancer patients as well as the Glasgow Clinical Research Facility.In the 1870s when the University of Glasgow moved from the city centre to the West End distancing itself from the Royal Infirmary a new teaching hospital was built in 1874 as part of the new university buildings.
 Wat Aranyawiwake (Thai script: วัดอรัญญวิเวก RTGS: Wat Aranyawiwek) also known as Wat Ban Pong (Thai script: วัดบ้านปง) is a monastery (Wat) in the Thai Forest Tradition of the Theravada lineage of Buddhism located in Mae Taeng Chiang Mai Province northern Thailand. Phra Ajahn Plien Panyapatipo is the current abbot of Wat Aranyawiwake where he has resided since 1966.
 The Building at 102-104 Inman Street in Cambridge Massachusetts is one of a series of well-preserved Greek Revival duplexes on Inman Street. This house was built in 1845 and features very straightforward Greek Revival styling most notably in the pilasters that run the full two story height of the building. The gable dormers in the roof have full pediments and pilasters.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Dormer Cottage is a Grade I listed building located on Washbrook Lane in the Allesley area of the City of Coventry in the West Midlands of England. The house was probably constructed in the mid 17th century and extended in the 20th century.The building is a timber frame construction decorated with pebbledash on the exterior and consists of a single story with an attic. Decorative windows were added in the 20th century along with a porch which covers the front door.
 The Skillings Estate House is a historic house at 37 Rangeley Road in Winchester Massachusetts. The large 2.5 story brick and wood house was built c. 1880 by David Skillings and is one of four surviving brick houses he built on his Rangeley estate. This house features irregular Queen Anne massing and is largely finished in brick although portions of the upper floors are clad in patterned shingles.
 The US Post Office—Whitinsville Main is an historic post office building located at 58 Church Street in the village of Whitinsville in the town of Northbridge Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival masonry building was built in 1938 and is distinguished for the massive pilasters that flank the central entrance and for its cupola.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and was included in the Whitinsville Historic District in 1983.
 Robert Ferguson House is a historic home located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. The original was built between 1790 and 1810 and is a two-story two-bay single pile frame section. A lower two-story one-room section was added about 1835 and a one-story two-bay section was added about 1900. Also on the property is a contributing shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St James Buildings is a high-rise Grade II listed building in Manchester England. The building was completed in 1912 and overlooks Oxford Road reaching a maximum height of 60m. The building is Edwardian Baroque in style and has a Portland stone exterior.
 The Postal Museum (Chinese: 郵政博物館; pinyin: Yóuzhèng Bówùguǎn) is located on Nanhai Street in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei Taiwan. The museum encompasses four floors and covers the history of Chunghwa Post (the postal service for the Republic of China and Taiwan) the modern postal service philately and special exhibitions.The museum opened at a location in Xindian on March 20 1967 on the 70th anniversary of Chunghwa Post.
 Hickory Hill is a historic estate in Rockbridge County Virginia.The main house at Hickory Hill was built from 1823 to 1824 for Reuben Grigsby who was born June 6 1780.He was one of many children cousin to educator Hugh Blair Grigsby (1806–1881).Daughter Mary Ann Grigsby (1828–1878) married William Sanderson McCormick (1815–1865) on July 11 1848.
 The Seivers Brothers Ranchhouse and Barn located in Lind Washington is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St. Mary Magdalene is a Grade-I listed church located in Keyworth Nottinghamshire.
 The Marx House is a private house located at in 2630 Biddle Avenue in Wyandotte Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976. It is now used by the Wyandotte Historical Museum.
 Hazel Glen is a historic home located near Port Penn New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1859 and is a three-story five bay L-shaped brick dwelling with a brick rear wing. It has a low-hipped roof (once surmounted by a cupola three-story porches projecting eaves and a simple box cornice in the Italianate-Revival style.
 Grey Towers National Historic Site also known as Gifford Pinchot House or The Pinchot Institute is located just off US 6 west of Milford Pennsylvania in Dingman Township.
 Nocton Park Priory was an Augustinian priory in Nocton Lincolnshire England. The priory of Nocton Park was founded by Robert Darcy in honour of Saint Mary Magdalene probably during the reign of King Stephen. Little is known of the history of the house as only one visitation report is preserved. In 1440 there were four canons beside the prior as well as a canon of Thornton.It was Dissolved in 1536.
 The Museum of the Macedonian Struggle for Sovereignty and Independence - Museum of VMRO - Museum of the Victims of the Communist Regime (Macedonian: Музеј на македонската борба за државност и самостојност - Музеј на ВМРО - Музеј на жртвите од комунистичкиот режим) is a national museum of the Republic of Macedonia located in the capital city of Skopje.
 The Castello Normanno (Norman Castle) or alternatively the Castello di Aci (Castle of Aci) is a castle located in Aci Castello in the Province of Catania in Sicily. Its precise date of construction is uncertain but it was important to the development of its region during the Middle Ages. During the War of the Sicilian Vespers it was subject to Roger of Lauria. It was besieged more than once and was also briefly controlled by the Spanish. It is currently a museum.
 The Grafton Flour Mill is located in Grafton Wisconsin. Originally a producer of White Lily Flour it was later converted to a woolen mill. It remained as such until the 1960s. Currently the building houses a yarn store and a personal wellness center. On June 30 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 South Union Shaker Center House and Preservatory is a historic Shaker building on U.S. 68 in South Union Kentucky. It was built in 1822 and added to the National Register in 1974. Located within the building is the Shaker Museum at South Union.South Union was one of 24 villages built up by the Shakers.
 Beijing Jishuitan Hospital [1](JST Hospital; simplified Chinese: 北京积水潭医院; traditional Chinese: 北京積水潭醫院) is a large-scaled first-level hospital in Beijing focusing mainly on orthopaedics and burn surgery. Founded in 1956 the hospital now has 1000-odd beds. Its advantage in medical care teaching and researching made it become the Fourth Medical College of Peking University.
 The Church of Saint Casimir is church building built in 1904 in the Beaux Arts style in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The church was founded to serve the needs of Polish American immigrants.
 Westfield Liverpool is a major shopping centre located in Liverpool a suburb of Sydney.
 The Julia Ideson Building is a Houston Public Library facility in Downtown Houston Texas United States.The building with Spanish Renaissance architecture is part of the Central Library; it houses the archives manuscripts and the Texas and Local History Department. The Houston Metropolitan Research Center is located in the building.
 Paróquia Nossa Senhora do Bom Conselho is a parish located in the Mooca district of São Paulo Brazil in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Campo Limpo.The parish is in the Belém sector of the Archdiocese of São Paulo. It was established on 24 March 1940.Construction of the church that is now the seat of the parish began in 1973.
 Fort Toulouse and Fort Jackson are two forts that shared the same site at the fork of the Coosa River and the Tallapoosa River near Wetumpka Alabama. Fort Toulouse was a stockade built by the French in 1717. It was replaced by a better-built fort of the same name in 1735 a bit further back from river erosion. Fort Toulouse served as a trading post with the Creek Indians until the end of the French & Indian War in 1763.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a parish of the Episcopal Church in Cleveland Heights Ohio. The current rector is the Rev. Alan M. Gates who took the position in 2004. St. Paul's is a leading church and has the largest congregation in the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio.[citation needed]The church building is a Cleveland Heights landmark. Located at 2747 Fairmount Blvd it is a contributing property in the Fairmount Boulevard District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.St.
 The Cornelius Low House (also called Ivy Hall) is a Georgian manor in Piscataway Middlesex County New Jersey United States built in 1741 at Raritan Landing. The Cornelius Low House is listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places and National Register of Historic Places. The house currently holds the Cornelius Low House/Middlesex County Museum.
 The Church of St Mary in Wedmore Somerset England is predominantly from the 15th century although some 12th- and 13th-century work survives. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The tower which was built around 1400 with its set-back buttresses includes triple two-light bell chamber windows; those to the centre are louvred those to each side blank.There is a wall painting of St Christopher that dates from the late 15th century or possibly early 16th.
 District Jail Sialkot is an ancient Jail situated in Sialkot Pakistan.
 The 21 Club often simply 21 is an American traditional cuisine restaurant and former prohibition-era speakeasy located at 21 West 52nd Street in New York City.
 The Russell Hotel or Hotel Russell is a former hotel located at 102-104 St. Stephen's Green South in Dublin Ireland. The hotel had a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1974.In the first year of the publication of the Michelin Guide to Ireland and the United Kingdom The Russell Hotel finally received its first star after many years cooking and serving at high levels.
 For other Carnegie Libraries see Carnegie library (disambiguation)↑
 The Alden Park Towers is an apartment building located at 8100 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is also currently known as Alden Towers. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Unitarian Church (also known as First Congregational Church - Unitarian Church) is a historic church in Hampton Falls New Hampshire.It was built in 1838 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Øverdalen Church (Norwegian: Øverdalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Verma in the inner part of the Romsdalen valley. The church is part of the Øverdalen parish in the Indre Romsdal deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1902 by the architect I.L. Krogseth. The church seats about 150 people.
 Saint Thaddeus and Bartholomew Cathedral (Azerbaijani: Surp Tadevos-Barduğimeos Erməni Kilsəsi Armenian: Սուրբ Թադևոս-Բարդուղիմեոս Մայր Տաճար Russian: Церковь Святого Фаддея и Варфоломея) also known as Budakovski Cathedral was an Armenian Apostolic church in Baku Azerbaijan built in 1910 and consecrated in 1911. It was located on the Bondarnaya-Dmitrova street (nowadays known as Shamsi Badalbeyli street). Construction began on 2 August 1907 and completed in 1910.
 The Ellingson Farm District near Hillsboro North Dakota is a farm that was developed in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It then included nine contributing buildings a contributing site and a contributing structure on its 9 acres (3.6 ha).
 The Samuel Chamberlain House is a historic house at 3 Winthrop Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1864 it is one of three well preserved Italianate side-hall style houses in Stoneham. The 2.5 story wood frame house with corner pilasters and first floor windows with projecting caps. The entry has a decorative projecting hood.
 Middle Plantation is an historic house and plantation in Davidsonville Maryland originally owned by the Huguenot Mareen Duvall. The original 600 acre tract was patented to him near the South River in 1664.Middle Plantation was been described shortly after it was built as luxurious and courtly as any of the manors of the English gentry.The plantation is identified by a historical marker.
 The Edward Loranger House is a private residence located at 7211 South Stoney Creek Road in Frenchtown Charter Township in Monroe County Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan Historic Site on October 2 1980 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 31 1984.Edward Loranger was one of the most prominent landowners and architects in early Monroe County and much of the county was settled on his land along the River Raisin.
 The Schuyler Mill also known as the Ford Soybean Plant Complex is an old mill site that Henry Ford turned into one of his small village industry factories. It is located at 555-600 Michigan Avenue in Saline Michigan and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Plant City Union Depot is a historic depot in Plant City Florida United States. It is located at Northeast Drane Street and was built by both the Atlantic Coast Line and Seaboard Air Line Railroads. The ACL tracks rans east and west. The SAL tracks rans north and south and contained a Railway Express Agency loading dock. Even after the merger of the two railroads into the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad in 1967 Plant City Depot continued to operate until 1971.
 Kingscote is a Gothic Revival house museum in Newport Rhode Island built in 1839. Kingscote was one of the first summer cottages constructed in Newport. The house is currently owned by the Preservation Society of Newport County and is open to the public.
 Tippecanoe Place is a house in South Bend Indiana United States. Built in 1889 it was the residence of Clement Studebaker a co-founder of the Studebaker vehicle manufacturing firm. Studebaker lived in the house from 1889 until his 1901 death. The house remained in his family for many years. His son George lived there until 1933 when he lost the structure due to bankruptcy. For several years the building stood vacant but in 1941 E. M.
 Öster-Malma Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 St Mary's Church Knowsley is in Knowsley Lane Knowsley Village Merseyside England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Huyton. In the Buildings of England series Pollard and Pevsner describe the church as being largish with an intimate interior.
 The Philip Moore Stone House is located on Route 239 in Washington Township Scioto County Ohio. The property was placed on the National Register on 1975-10-21.
 St. Philip's Church is an historic Anglican separated from TEC in 2012 church in Charleston South Carolina. Its National Historic Landmark description states: Built in 1836 (spire completed in 1850) this stuccoed brick church features an imposing tower designed in the Wren-Gibbs tradition.
 The Lipsett Hardware Building currently the Pickford Area Historical Society Museum is a commercial building located at 175 Main Street in Pickford Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The Bronx Borough Courthouse commonly referred to as the Old Bronx Borough Courthouse is a U.S. National Historic Place New York City Landmark and icon of the borough of Bronx. The courthouse was built between 1905 and 1914 in Morrisania near Boston Road Third Avenue St. Anns Avenue and 161st Street. The 161st Street station of the IRT Third Avenue Elevated train was in front of the courthouse.
 The Museum of Vietnamese History is located at 2 Nguyen Binh Khiem Street Ben Nghe Ward District 1 in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. Formerly known as the Musée Blanchard de la Brosse built by Auguste Delaval in 1926 and The National Museum of Viet Nam in Sai Gon it received its current name in 1979. It is a museum showcasing Vietnam's history with exhibits from all periods. It should not be confused with the National Museum of Vietnamese History in Hanoi.
 The O. T. Bassett Tower is an Art Deco skyscraper located at 303 Texas Avenue in Downtown El Paso Texas. It was built by Charles N. Bassett who named it in honor of his father. The tower was designed by Trost & Trost and completed in 1930 making it one of Henry Trost's last commissions. It was briefly the tallest building in the city but was surpassed later the same year by the Hilton Hotel.
 99 West City Creek condominium tower (originally known as Promontory on South Temple) is a residential condominium building in the City Creek development in Salt Lake City Utah United States. The building rises 375 feet (114 m) tall and contains 30 floors. Construction was completed before the official grand opening of the City Creek mall. The tower contains 185 individually-owned residential units.
 The Edgar Johnson House is a house located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Carrollton Covered Bridge in Barbour County West Virginia USA is the second longest and third oldest surviving covered bridge in the state. The wooden bridge spans the Buckhannon River near Carrollton and was built in 1856. It underwent repairs in 1978 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 4 1981.
 Georgia Plain Baptist Church is a historic church on Stonebridge Road at Georgia Plain Road in Georgia Vermont.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Seabrook-Wilson House is located in Middletown Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1750 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1974.
 Wilson Tower is a skyscraper in Asuncion Paraguay. With 107 meters it is currently the tallest building in Paraguay. It will be surpassed by 29 meters and 4 story when Icono Tower also in Asuncion is completed.
 Ratnagiri (Oriya: ରତ୍ନଗିରି) was once the site of a mahavihara or major Buddhist monastery in the Brahmani and Birupa river valley in Jajpur district of Odisha India. It was part of the Puspagiri University together with Lalitgiri and Udayagiri.
 The Globe Ranger Station is the principal office of the Globe Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona. It is located 2 miles (3.2 km) south of downtown Globe Arizona.The property is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Pinal Ranger Station built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register in 1993 for its Spanish style architecture and its role in the U.S. Forest Service's response to the Great Depression.
 Rutt's Hut is a restaurant in Clifton New Jersey known for its style of deep-fried hot dogs. The process of frying causes the hot dog casings to crack and split which has led to the nickname Rippers. The restaurant is also known for its mustard-based relish made with cabbage onions and carrots.The original roadside stand was opened in 1928 by Royal Abe Rutt and his wife Anna. The family sold the restaurant to the current owner Nicholas Karagiorgis in late 1974.
 Van Ornam & Murdock Block also known as Lee House Block is a historic commercial block located at Port Henry in Essex County New York. The block consists of four attached structures in the Italianate style built between 1874 and about 1880. It is the focal point of the Port Henry business district. The Van Ornam Block was built in 1874 and is a 3 1⁄2-story brick building with an ornately bracketed wood cornice.
 The Alexander M. Bracken Library is the main library on the campus of Ball State University. Completed in 1975 the facility is located in the geographic center of campus and is distinguishable for its unique Brutalist architecture with an exterior resembling a shelf of books.The main collection of Ball State's University Libraries the Bracken Library holds a collection of over 1.5 million books.
 Eddisbury hill fort also known as Castle Ditch is an Iron Age hill fort near Delamere Cheshire in northern England. Hill forts are fortified hill-top settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age. Eddisbury is the largest and most complex of the seven hill forts in the county of Cheshire. It was constructed before 200–100 BC and expanded in 1–50 AD. In the 1st century AD the Romans slighted the site.
 Jurby Prison redirects here.For the former Isle of Man Prison in Douglas see Victoria Road Prison.Isle of Man Prison is a mixed-use prison located in the Jurby parish of the Isle of Man. The prison is operated by the Isle of Man Prison Service (part of the Department of Home Affairs) and is the only functioning prison on the island.
 Bristol County Courthouse is an historic courthouse on High Street in Bristol Rhode Island USA. The Federal style courthouse was built in 1816 by Russell Warren and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company Old Main Building is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Pennsalt Historic District (also known as Pennsalt Company Houses) is a historic district in Natrona Pennsylvania. The area was originally built as a company town by the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company in the 1850s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 18 1985.
 The Immaculate Conception Church located at 590 Pyramid Way in Sparks Nevada is a brick Roman Catholic church that was built in 1932. It was designed by prolific Nevada architect Frederic J. DeLongchamps (1882-1969) in Mediterranean Revival architecture. As of 1994 it was still used as a church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Susquehanna County Courthouse Complex also known as Susquehanna County Courthouse & Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Montrose Susquehanna County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four contributing buildings one contributing site (the Town Green) and four contributing objects (an 1887 American Civil War memorial a 1915 monument to Galusha A.
 The United States Penitentiary Big Sandy (USP Big Sandy) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kentucky near Inez. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has a satellite prison camp which houses minimum-security male inmates.USP Big Sandy is located in eastern Kentucky approximately 163 miles from Frankfort and 140 miles from Lexington.
 St Aidan’s Church Bamburgh is a Grade I listed Church of England building in the Diocese of Newcastle.
 The Reliance School was built in the coal mining community of Reliance Wyoming in 1923-27. The buildings was designed by James L. Libby a Union Pacific Railroad employee. The school was built by the Union Pacific Coal Company to serve Reliance which existed almost entirely to serve the Union Pacific mines. The gymnasium also designed by Libby was completed in 1931.
 The Sha'ar Hashamayim Synagogue (lit. Gate of Heaven) is located in Cairo Egypt. The synagogue was also known as Temple Ismailia and the Adly Street Synagogue.Its long-time leader was Chief Rabbi Chaim Nahum. In 2008 the synagogue marked its 100th anniversary. The synagogue was built in a style evoking ancient Egyptian temples and was once the largest building on the boulevard.When the synagogue opened in 1899 there was a vibrant Jewish community in Cairo.
 The Museum of the First National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party is a museum of the city of Shanghai in the area of Xintiandi on Xingye Road (formerly Rue Wantz in the Shanghai French Concession).
 Hawksworth Restaurant located in the Rosewood Hotel Georgia in Vancouver British Columbia is a fine-dining restaurant owned by chef David Hawksworth the youngest chef to be inducted into the B.C. Restaurant Hall of Fame. The restaurant was named Restaurant of the Year in 2012 by Macleans.
 Haydom Lutheran Hospital (HLH) is a hospital in the town of Haydom at the western end of Manyara Region. The hospital is about 300 km south-west from Arusha.The hospital was founded in 1955 by the Norwegian Lutheran Mission. It is currently owned by the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Tanzania.
 Doughoregan Manor is a mansion located on Manor Lane near Ellicott City Maryland USA. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on November 11 1971.
 The Jay Dayton Smith House is located Las Vegas Nevada within the Las Vegas High School Neighborhood Historic District and is currently used as an office.
 HM Prison Thorn Cross is a Category D Young Offenders Institution for males aged 18 to 25. The prison is located in the village of Appleton Thorn (near Warrington) in Cheshire England. Thorn Cross is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Camp Greentop is located in Catoctin Mountain Park near Thurmont Maryland. The camp was built by the Works Progress Administration labor program in the development of what was then known as the Catoctin Mountain Recreational Development Area and comprises 22 rustic log buildings including sleeping cabins administrative buildings and lodges. All were built between 1934 and 1938. The buildings are a simplified version of the National Park Service Rustic style.
 The Wind Cave National Park Administrative and Utility Area Historic District comprises the central portion of Wind Cave National Park in South Dakota. The district centers on the historic entrance to Wind Cave which is surrounded by park administrative and interpretive structures most of which were built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.The historic entrance to Wind Cave discovered in 1881 was modified to allow better access to the natural entrance by blasting.
 The Bloomington Illinois Holy Trinity Church Rectory and Convent has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. The Rectory and Convent Building is situated behind the art deco church on the site of the 1869 Holy Trinity Church which was destroyed by a tornado before it was completed. A fire completely obliterated the church in 1932 but the church was financed and recovery was quick. The finished Art-Deco building was completed in 1933 and opened in 1934.
 The Dallam County Courthouse at Fifth and Denrock Sts. in Dalhart Texas is a historic courthouse that was built in 1923. It was designed by J. Roy Smith in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It replaced a 1903 building; it was funded by a bond approved by voters in 1922. It was designed by Smith and Townes. It is made of brick with cast stone detailing and serves the county still.
 Ishikawa Prefectural History Museum (石川県立歴史博物館 Ishikawa Kenritsu Rekishi Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Kanazawa Japan dedicated to the history and culture of Ishikawa Prefecture. The three ICP red brick buildings date to 1909-14 and functioned first as the local arsenal then after the Pacific War as the Kanazawa College of Art before being converted into a museum in 1986.
 St. Mark's Church (Danish: Sankt Markus Kirke) is a church at the end of Julius Thomsens Plads in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Ukrainian Catholic National Shrine is a Catholic church located at 4250 Harewood Rd. NE Washington D. C. and a member of one of the sui juris Eastern Catholic churches in communion with the Bishop of Rome.The cornerstone of the Lower Church was blessed by Pope John Paul II in 1979 and the Great Upper Church of the National Shrine was completed in 2004.
 The Minto Metropole is a 33 story residential building in the Westboro neighbourhood of Ottawa Ontario. At 108m it is the second tallest building in Ottawa; five meters shorter than Place de Ville Tower C. It is the tallest residential building in the National Capital Region.The Minto Metropole is located on the near western side of the city on Island Park Drive overlooking the Ottawa River and within walking distance of Westboro Station.
 Leonard Rhone House also known as Rhoneymeade is a historic home located at Potter Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1853 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped brick dwelling with a gable roof. It sits on a limestone foundation. The interior has a traditional Georgian center hall plan. Also on the property is a contributing outbuilding.
 Rainier Tower is a 31-story 156.67 m (514.0 ft) skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract of Seattle Washington at 1301 Fifth Avenue. It was designed by Minoru Yamasaki who designed the World Trade Center in New York City as well as the IBM Building which is on the corner across the street from Rainier Tower to the southeast.
 Hōun-ji (法雲寺) is a Tendai Buddhist temple in Hyōgo Prefecture (formerly Harima province).
 The Excelsior Hotel in 120 Manchester Street Christchurch originally the Borough Hotel in recent years known as Excelsior Backpackers or New Excelsior Backpackers was a Category I heritage building in central Christchurch. It was designed by then most prominent architect William Armson and was one of the few remaining examples of his work in the city. It was heavily damaged in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and all but its western facade has been demolished.
 The Huliheʻe Palace is located in historic Kailua-Kona Hawaiʻi on Aliʻi Drive. The former vacation home of Hawaiian royalty it was converted to a museum run by the Daughters of Hawaiʻi showcasing furniture and artifacts.
 Square 54 Redevelopment is a complex of high-rise buildings located on the main campus of The George Washington University (GW) in Washington D.C. United States. The new GW complex is mixed-use with residential and office buildings and ground-level retail space along Eye Street to serve the campus and neighborhood. The complex will be completed with three buildings Square 54 Residential I Square 54 Residential II and Square 54 Office.
 St. John the Baptist Blackrock is a Roman Catholic church in the parish of Blackrock Ireland. The church is still in use and named after the Saint John the Baptist. It is located on Temple Road Blackrock County Dublin.
 The Col. Thomas C. Love House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places a house built after the American Civil War and is located north of the town of Seymour Missouri USA. The Love Ridge Farm had one of the largest apple orchards in the State of Missouri in 1904.
 War Memorial of Korea is located in Yongsan-dong Yongsan-gu Seoul South Korea. It opened in 1994 on the former site of the army headquarters to exhibit and memorialize the military history of Korea. The memorial building has six indoor exhibition rooms and an outdoor exhibition centre displaying over 13000 war memorabilia and military equipment.
 The Clermont State Historic Site also known as the Clermont estate the Clermont Manor or just Clermont is a New York State Historic Site in southwestern Columbia County New York USA. It protectsthe former estate of the Livingston family seven generations of whom lived on the site during more than two centuries.
 Congregation Shaare Zedek (Gates of righteousness) is a Conservative synagogue located on West 93rd Street in Manhattan.
 La Malagueta is the bullring at Málaga (Andalucía Spain) which since 1976 has been denominated a cultural asset of Spain (BIC). It is located in the eastern district of Málaga alongside the Paseo de Reding.The first event was held in 1876. the current (2013 season) operator is Coso de Badajoz SL a company owned by José Cutiño.
 Shanghai Wheelock Square is a skyscraper located in Puxi Shanghai China. It is the 91st-tallest building in the world.The Wheelock Square building has 58 floors and just over 100000 sqm of prime office space. It is located across the street from the Jing’an Temple Metro station providing convenient transportation on Lines 2 and 7.
 The German Evangelical St. Johns Church on Church Ave. in Hebron North Dakota also known as the Deutsche Evangelische St. Johannes Kirche was built in 1908. It has also been known as St. John Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.The church was designed by the Hancock Brothers of Fargo North Dakota and was built by contractor Henry Bomgarten with stonemasonry by Conrad Kick of Hebron North Dakota.
 112 Tryon Plaza is a 280 ft (85 m) 22-story skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was the second tallest building in North Carolina when completed in 1927 and the tallest building in Charlotte for about 35 more years. It is currently the 21st tallest building in the city. Located on The Square at the corner of Trade St. and Tryon St. adjacent to a pocket park this building has a premiere location in Uptown Charlotte also known as Charlotte center city.
 Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Mthatha in South Africa.
 Rochester Castle stands on the east bank of the River Medway in Rochester Kent South East England. The 12th-century keep or stone tower which is the castle's most prominent feature is one of the best preserved in England or France. Located along the River Medway and Watling Street Rochester was a strategically important royal castle. During the late medieval period it helped protect England's south-east coast from invasion.
 Ullet Road Church is a Unitarian church located at 57 Ullet Road Sefton Park Liverpool. Both the church and its attached hall have been separately designated by English Heritage as Grade I listed buildings. It is the first church in the country to hold a religious civil partnership for a gay couple. It is a member of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches the umbrella organisation for British Unitarians.
 Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site in Cornish New Hampshire preserves the home gardens and studios of Augustus Saint-Gaudens (1848–1907) one of America's foremost sculptors. This was his summer residence from 1885 to 1897 his permanent home from 1900 until his death in 1907 and the center of the Cornish Art Colony. There are two hiking trails that explore the park's natural areas.
 The Blues Armory is a large brick armory in downtown Richmond Virginia. Housing the Richmond Light Infantry Blues the castle-like structure originally served multiple purposes with a food market on the ground floor and a drill hall for the National Guard of the United States on the top floor. The level between housed suites of offices for each individual National Guard company.
 London Museum of Water & Steam is an independent museum founded in 1975 as the Kew Bridge Steam Museum. It was rebranded in early 2014 following a major investment project.Situated on the site of the old Kew Bridge Pumping Station in Brentford near Kew Bridge on the River Thames in West London England the Museum is centred around a collection of stationary water pumping steam engines dating from 1820 to 1910.
 HM Prison Onley is a Category C men's prison operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. The prison is named after the lost village of Onley which is located next to the prison. Onley Prison is located in the county of Northamptonshire close to its border with Warwickshire in England. The prison lies in the parish of Barby in Northamptonshire. However the postal address of the prison is Willoughby Warwickshire therefore most sources list the prison as in Willoughby Warwickshire.
 The Haffen Building is a historic New York City landmark constructed in 1901-1902 in the neighborhood of North New York (presently associated as Mott Haven) Bronx New York. The building is located at 2804 Third Avenue also addressed as 507 Willis Avenue in the middle of a triangular block between 148th Street 147th Street Third Avenue and Willis Avenue within the Hub business district.
 The Rogers House is a historic house at 28 Boyden Road in Holden Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Cape style wood frame house was built sometime before 1733 and is possibly the oldest building in Holden (there is no firm evidence for a traditionally-ascribed date of 1722 for its construction).
 The Jean Cocteau Museum/Séverin Wunderman Collection is a museum in Menton on the French Riviera in the Alpes-Maritimes department. Dedicated to the French artist Jean Cocteau it incorporates the collection of American businessman and Cocteau enthusiast Séverin Wunderman.
 Manitou Camp is a logging and fishing camp started in the 1890s on Manitou Island part of the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore. Today as historically Manitou Camp is used as a campground and as a facility for fishing. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983 and is owned by the National Park Service.In the 1890s four Swedes who were cutting cedar on the island built a cabin in a northern European style.
 Stone Hall was a building on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca New York named after John Lemuel Stone a CALS professor of farm practice during the early 1900s. It no longer exists.[citation needed]It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wing-Northup House also known as the Washington County Historical Society Headquarters is a historic home located at Fort Edward in Washington County New York. It was built about 1815 by entrepreneur Daniel Wood Wing and is a two-story five-bay center entrance brick front building with a two-story brick ell. A one-story brick side wing was added about 1880.
 HM Prison Northallerton was a male Young Offenders Institution located in Northallerton North Yorkshire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service until its closure in late 2013.
 St. Mary's Simhasana Church (Vadayaparambu simhasana Palli) Vadayaparambu is one of the prominent syrian orthodox churches in Kerala. The church was established in 1975 by Dr.Geevarghese Mor Gregorios (Perumpally Thirumeni). The church is headed by the PATRIARCH OF ANTIOCH and functions under the spiritual supremacy of the Syrian Orthodox Patriarchate of Antioch and all the East and the Regional church headquarters is at Puthencuriz Kochi.
 Deady Hall is an historic building located in Eugene Oregon United States. It was built from 1873 to 1876 by W. H. Abrams to a design by architect William W. Piper. It was the University of Oregon's first building and remained the university's only building for almost ten years after its construction. After the university gained other buildings it was known simply as the Old Building but in 1893 it was renamed Deady Hall in honor of Matthew Deady Oregon's first federal judge.
 Oakes Ames Memorial Hall is a historic hall designed by noted American architect H. H. Richardson with landscaping by Frederick Law Olmsted. It is located on Main Street in the village of North Easton in Easton Massachusetts immediately adjacent to another Richardson building Ames Free Library.The hall was built 1879-1881 as a gift to the town from children of Congressman Oakes Ames.
 The Stockholm Court House (Swedish: Stockholms Rådhus) is situated on Kungsholmen in Central Stockholm Sweden. The building is connected to the Stockholm Police House through an underground pedestrian walkway.The building was designed in the National Romantic style and was constructed between 1909 and 1915. The architecture was influenced by the Castles of the Vasa era and it bears a resemblance to Vadstena Castle.
 The Paramount Theatre is a live theatre venue/movie theatre located in Downtown Austin Texas United States of America. The classical revival style structure was built in 1915.
 The Rochelle Park-Rochelle Heights Historic District is a historic residential district located in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester New York. The district is historically and architecturally significant as an intact and distinctive example of residential park development at the turn of the Twentieth Century. It includes the historic Rochelle Park development and the later Rochelle Heights subdivision.
 Holy Corners Historic District so named because of its concentration of early 20th-century churches temples and other large buildings of public assembly is located on both sides of North Kingshighway Boulevard between and including Westminster Place and Washington Avenue in St. Louis Missouri. On December 29 1975 the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. John the Baptist Ukrainian Catholic National Shrine is a prominent Ukrainian Catholic church in Ottawa Canada. The only Ukrainian Catholic parish in the Ottawa region the St. John the Baptist parish first formed in 1914. After meeting in other parishes' churches for some years in 1918 the parish purchased a building to the west of downtown and converted it into a church. In 1966 it moved into a temporary building on Carling Avenue.
 The Centre d'Interprétation de la Côte-de-Beaupré (CICB) located in Château-Richer on the royal avenue is renowned as centre of diffusion of La Côte-de-Beaupré by the M.R.C since 1996. It is also a part of the Route de la Nouvelle-France group one of the oldest roads of Quebec.
 Christian Science Society also called the Christian Science Society Building is an historic single storey style Christian Science church edifice located at 20 Chapel Street in Nanaimo British Columbia Canada. It was built between 1900 and 1910 as a single-family house and was known as the McDonald Property. In 1932 it was converted to church use by being placed on a concrete foundation and having its exterior stuccoed while the interior was gutted and remodeled for its new use.
 Lecompte High School is located in Lecompte Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1992.
 The Joshua Davis House at 1888 S. Main St. in Orem Utah United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998.J. Cory Jensen in its NRHP nomination wrote:The Davis house is a good example of the transitional character of the architecture on the Provo Benchat the latter-part of the 19th century.
 The John Gregovich House at 101 Summit in Tonopah Nevada United States is a historic house built in 1906 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Like the Zeb Kendall House also built in Tonopah in 1906 and also NRHP-listed it is of Neo-Colonial style.It was deemed significant for its architecture and for its association with Tonopah merchant John Gregovich who built the house at about the time he established his business on Main Street.
 Silas Deane House in Wethersfield Connecticut was the home of Silas Deane the first diplomat for the United States. Deane built the house in 1766. The two-story Georgian house is L-shaped with gable roof and two interior chimneys.In 1959 the house was donated to The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in Connecticut and in 1963-1965 it was restored.
 The Tower 111 (タワー111 Tawā Toripuruwan) is a skyscraper located in Toyama City Toyama Prefecture Japan. Construction of the 111-metre 22-storey skyscraper was finished in 1994.As of 2011 this building is the tallest structure in Toyama Prefecture.
 A. J. Borden Building is an historic commercial building at 91-111 South Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1889 by Andrew Jackson Borden and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by Fall River architect Joseph M. Darling who also notably designed several schools in the city. After Andrew's murder in 1892 the building was occupied by various businesses and owned by his daughter Lizzie Borden until her death in 1927. The J.J.
 Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church (FAPC) is among the largest congregations of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) in New York City and nationally.
 Naomi House and Jacksplace are hospices for children and young people. The hospices are based in Winchester Hampshire England. It is also known as The Wessex Children's Hospice Trust (No.1002832). Naomi House and Jacksplace provide care to children and young people with life-limiting and life-threatening conditions. The care and support that Naomi House offers is unique in central southern England.
 The Palmer Mansion constructed 1882–1885 at 1350 N. Lake Shore Drive was once the largest private residence in Chicago Illinois located in the Near North Side neighborhood and facing Lake Michigan. It was designed by architects Henry Ives Cobb and Charles Sumner Frost of the firm Cobb and Frost and built for Bertha and Potter Palmer. Palmer was a prominent Chicago businessman who was responsible for much of the development of State Street.
 Brattvåg Church (Norwegian: Brattvåg kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Brattvåg. The church is part of the Brattvåg parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The modern-looking concrete building was built in 1977 by the architect Aksel Fronth. The church seats about 650 people.
 Emmanuel Lutheran Church is a historic church 216 S. Aspen Street in Lincolnton North Carolina.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Igreja de Santo Ildefonso is an 18th-century church in Porto Portugal situated near Batalha Square. Completed in 1739 the church was built in a proto-Baroque style and features a retable by the Italian artist Nicolau Nasoni and a façade of azulejo tilework. The church is named in honour of the Visigoth Ildephonsus of Toledo bishop of Toledo from 657 until his death in 667.
 The Lichtental Church (Lichtentaler Pfarrkirche) is the Roman Catholic parish church of Lichtental now part of Vienna Austria. Officially the Lichtentaler Pfarrkirche zu den heiligen vierzehn Nothelfern it is dedicated to the Fourteen Holy Helpers. The church has elements of Baroque and Neoclassical architecture.
 The Museo Chileno de Arte Precolombino (English: Chilean Museum of Pre-Columbian Art) is an art museum dedicated to the study and display of pre-Columbian artworks and artifacts from Central and South America. The museum is located in the city centre of Santiago the capital of Chile.
 Dinas Dinlle is a small settlement in Gwynedd north-west Wales which is also historically part of Caernarfonshire.
 Sheraton Montevideo is a hotel in Punta Carretas Montevideo Uruguay operated by Sheraton. It is reported to be the most luxurious hotel in the city. The Sheraton a prominent building on the landscape near the sea. has 207 guest rooms and 10 suites and is lavishly furnished with imported furniture.
 The Northwestern Hotel is an historic building located in the East Village of Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hockley Forge and Mill are a collection of colonial era industrial buildings along the Patapsco River near modern Elkridge Maryland.The mill site is situated in a flat section of land along the Patapsco River valley with steep embankments on either side. This was the farthest upstream that the river was navigable by boat to the Chesapeake Bay and overseas markets. Over 30 industrial buildings occupied this area prior to the twentieth century.
 The Alderson Bridge also known as Alderson Memorial Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge in Alderson West Virginia. It crosses the Greenbrier River which separates Greenbrier and Monroe counties. The bridge once carried Monroe Street but is now closed to traffic. It was built in 1914 and measures 21 feet wide including the walkways and 453 feet long.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is located in the Alderson Historic District listed in 1993.
 Madwaleni Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital near rural Elliotdale Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The Old Scripps Building in La Jolla California built in 1909 is the oldest oceanographic research building in continuous use in the United States. It was the first building of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography the nation's first oceanographic institute founded in 1903. The institution is now part of the University of California San Diego.The building was designed by Irving Gill an early Modernist architect.
 The Gardner-Pingree House is a National Historic Landmark at 128 Essex Street in Salem Massachusetts.The house was built in 1804 by Samuel McIntire in a Federal style for John and Sarah (West) Gardner. John bought the lot from his father (John Gardner Sr) whose cousin (John Gardner III) was the grandfather of John Lowell Gardner I. John and Sarah sold the house to her brother Nathaniel West to cover shipping losses related to events leading up to the War of 1812.
 The Greyhound Bus Terminal in downtown Evansville Indiana also known as the Greyhound Bus Station is a Moderne-style building from 1938. It was built at a cost of $150000. The terminal located at the corner of Third and Sycamore streets was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.In July 2008 the long-unused bus terminal and its site had been considered in discussions about potential locations for a new arena that would replace Roberts Municipal Stadium.
 The Prehistoric Man Museum is a museum of prehistory in Kibbutz Ma'ayan Baruch Israel.
 The James-John Trybowski O'Connor Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 21 Canton Street in Worcester Massachusetts. When the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was recognized for its well preserved Colonial Revival styling including porches supported by heavy square columns and decorative brackets on the cornice. However the house's exterior has been resided removing the cornice decorations and enclosing the porches (see photo).
 The Ephraim Hawley House is a Colonial American wooden post-and-beam timber-frame saltbox farm house on the Farm Highway Route 108 on the south side of Mischa Hill. It is the oldest house in the historic area of Nichols a village located within Trumbull Connecticut in the New England region of the U.S..
 Upland Lawn is a historic home located at Cornwall in Orange County New York USA. It was built about 1850 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay center-hall-plan wood-frame dwelling in the Gothic Revival style. It features a steeply pitched cross-gable roof with wood shingles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Woodlawn Cemetery is a cemetery and arboretum located in Toledo Ohio. It is one of several cemeteries in the United States to have that name and one of a few to be on the National Register of Historic Places.Established in 1876 it sits on 160 acres (0.65 km2) of land 47 acres (190000 m2) are undeveloped and consists of 65000 interments.
 The Freiberg House designed by Melbourne based Architects Chancellor and Patrick was built in 1958-60 on a sloping site as a residence for the Freiberg family and is located at 26 Yarravale Road Kew Victoria. The Freiberg is an example of post-war architecture in Victoria featuring a two and a half storey geometric structure with a modified cruciform plan.
 The John Fiechter House (also known as Failing Cottage) located in Corvallis Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hassan Bek Mosque (Hebrew: מסגד חסן בק‎) (Arabic: مسجد حسن بك‎) also known as the Hasan Bey Mosque is considered to be one of the most well-known mosques located in Jaffa which is now part of the Tel Aviv-Yafo municipality in Israel. It has been a site of much controversy as demonstrated in recent years.
 400 East Randolph Street Condominiums or simply 400 East Randolph (formerly Outer Drive East) is a 40-story high-rise designed by Reinheimer & Associates. The building primarily consists of residential condominiums though there are a couple businesses and restaurants located in the building. Located on East Randolph Street on the New Eastside in Chicago the building sits between The Buckingham to its west and Harbor Point to its east.
 The New Riding Club is an historic building at 52 Hemenway Street in Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1891 and designed by Willard T. Sears The Riding Club is an example of Tudor Revival architecture. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Built to utilize the nearby bridle paths of Frederick Law Olmsted's Back Bay Fens the building was acquired by the Badminton and Tennis Club in 1934 and the interior riding rink was converted to tennis courts.
 Petersburg City Hall is a historic city hall building located at Petersburg Virginia. It was designed by architect Ammi B. Young and built between 1856 and 1859 as the U.S. Customs House and Post Office. It is a three-story three bay by eight bay Italian Renaissance Revival style brick building faced in granite. It measures 46 feet wide and 100 feet deep and was expanded to its present size in 1908-1910.
 Benjamin Franklin School is a historic school building located in the Crescentville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1915-1916. It is a two-story five-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. Additions were built in 1931 and 1954. It features entrances with carved stone and terra cotta surrounds and a brick parapet.
 The Mary Rose Museum is an historical museum located at Historical Dockyards in Portsmouth in the United Kingdom run by the Mary Rose Trust. The museum is dedicated to the 16th century Tudor navy warship Mary Rose as well as the historical context in which she was active. The museum opened in 1984 and displays artefacts from the ship as well as the ship itself in a dedicated ship hall while it has been undergoing conservation.
 The Church of Saint John the Baptist Liverpool is on the corner of West Derby Road and Green Lane in Tuebrook Liverpool England. It is designated by English Heritageas a Grade I listed building and an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of West Derby.
 The Thomas Crabtree Three-Decker is historic triple-decker house at 22 Haynes Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1914 it is a remarkably well-preserved and detailed example of the style in Worcester's University Park neighborhood. It has a typical side hall plan and a hip roof that sports a small gable dormer on the front elevation. It has projecting bays on the front and left sides.
 Lillybanks is a historic residence in eastern Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1926 it is a stone building with a slate roof. Prepared by John Scudder Adkins the design of the two-and-a-half-story house is heavily Tudor Revival — its location atop a hill and behind walls gives it the isolation common to Tudor Revival mansions.
 The Stockholm City Museum (Swedish: Stockholms stadsmuseum) is a museum documenting preserving and exhibiting the history of Stockholm. The museum is housed in Södra Stadshuset at Slussen on Södermalm. The building was completed in 1685.
 The Metreon is a shopping center located in downtown San Francisco at the corner of 4th Street and Mission Street. It is a four-story 350000 square foot (33000 m²) building built over the corner of the underground Moscone Center convention center. Metreon opened on June 16 1999 as the first of a proposed chain of Sony urban entertainment centers aggregating dining gaming music exhibitions shopping and movies.
 The Farrell Houses in Little Rock Arkansas are four separate properties each named Farrell House and listed separately on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Farrell House at 2109 Louisiana in Little Rock Arkansas is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house designed by Charles L. Thompson and built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The Farrell House at 2111 Louisiana is also a Bungalow/Craftsman style house designed by Charles L. Thompson.
 The Chrysler Museum of Art is an art museum in the Ghent district of Norfolk Virginia. The museum was originally founded in 1933 as the Norfolk Museum of Arts and Sciences. In 1971 automotive heir Walter P. Chrysler Jr. (whose wife Jean Outland Chrysler was a native of Norfolk) donated most of his extensive collection to the museum. This single gift significantly expanded the museum's collection making it one of the major art museums in the Southeastern United States.
 Blackbeard's Castle is one of five National Historic Landmarks in the U.S. Virgin Islands. It is located in the city of Charlotte Amalie on the island of St. Thomas. Built in 1679 by the Danes as a watchtower to protect the harbor as well as Fort Christian. Blackbeard's Castle was originally called Skytsborg Tower (meaning sky tower). It is located at the highest point on Government Hill. Skytsborg Tower served as a very effective vantage point for Danish soldiers to spot enemy ships.
 The Philippe Cousteau Anchor Museum ((Spanish): Museo de Anclas Philippe Cousteau) is located in Salinas a town within the Castrillón municipality of Asturias Spain. It is reached by the N-632.The open air museum is situated on La Peñona peninsula at one end of the beach near the Arnao tunnel. It includes sails and deck anchors along with a large ceramic mural.
 Lakemba Mosque (also known as the Imam Ali Bin Abi Taleb Mosque at Lakemba and Masjid Ali Bin Abi Taleb) is one of the largest mosques in Australia. It is located in the suburb of Lakemba New South Wales and is used mostly by Lebanese Australians. The construction of the mosque was completed in 1977 and is owned and managed by the Lebanese Muslim Association.
 The de Havilland Aircraft Museum formerly the de Havilland Aircraft Heritage Centre is a volunteer-run aviation museum in London Colney Hertfordshire England. The collection is based around the definitive prototype and restoration shops for the de Havilland Mosquito and also includes several examples of the de Havilland Vampire - the third operational jet aircraft in the world.
 The Asa Packer Mansion in Jim Thorpe Pennsylvania United States was the home of Asa Packer (1805–1879) coal and railroad magnate and founder of Lehigh University. It is one of the best preserved Italianate Villa homes in the United States.
 Buksnes Church (Norwegian: Buksnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Gravdal. The church is part of the Buksnes parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Johnson County Museum of History is a local historical museum located in Franklin Indiana. The museum is run by the Johnson County Historical Society. The museum officially opened in 1931 under the name Johnson County Museum. It was organized by the local Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.Originally located in a small room at the county courthouse the museum has grown over the years making it necessary to relocate.
 Aldar headquarters building is the first circular building of its kind in the Middle East. It is located in Al Raha Abu Dhabi (emirate) United Arab Emirates. The distinctive building was voted the “Best Futuristic Design” by The Building Exchange (BEX) Conference held in Spain.
 One Riverview is a building under construction in Newark New Jersey the first market rate residential high-rise to be newly built in the city since 1962.
 Martin-du-Canigou (also Saint-Martin-du-Canigou or just Canigou; Catalan: Sant Martí del Canigó) is a monastery built in 1009 in the Pyrenees on Canigou mountain in present day southern France near the Spanish border.Pablo Casals wrote a composition entitled Sant Marti Del Canigo for Orchestra.
 St Mary the Virgin is a 13th-century Anglican parish church in Northolt London. Located on Ealing Road it stands on a slope that originally overlooked the old village of Northolt and is situated adjacent to the site of a 15th-century manor house. It is one of London's smallest churches with a nave measuring only 44 feet (13 m) by 25 feet (7.6 m).
 The Dutch Church Austin Friars is a familiar landmark within Broad Street Ward in the City of London. The original church was a monastic priory known as the Austin Friars London a contraction of Augustinian Friars founded circa 1253 by Humphrey de Bohun 2nd Earl of Hereford (d. 1275). The priory was dissolved in 1538 and granted by the crown in 1550 to John a Lasco (known in Poland as Laski) who founded a preaching house for a congregation of Protestant Walloon refugees.
 The Phoenix Art Museum is the Southwest United States' largest art museum for visual art. Located in Phoenix Arizona the museum is 285000-square-foot (26500 m2). It displays international exhibitions alongside its comprehensive collection of more than 18000 works of American Asian European Latin American Western American modern and contemporary art and fashion design.
 The State Office Building is a 13-story 177-foot-tall (54 m) high-rise building located in downtown Madison Wisconsin United States. The building was built in three separate stages between 1931 and 1959 with the main section being completed in 1939. It is built in an art deco style and it is the tallest office building in downtown Madison. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Richwood Methodist Church is a historic church on Elmer Road in the Richwood section of Harrison Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Österreichische Galerie Belvedere is a museum housed in the Belvedere palace in Vienna Austria.The art collection includes masterpieces from the Middle Ages and Baroque up until 21st century contemporary though it focuses on Austrian painters from the Fin de Siècle and Art Nouveau period.
 Sandsøy Church (Norwegian: Sandsøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandsøy on the island of Sandsøya. The church is part of the Bjarkøy og Sandsøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1888. The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the building and it seats about 200 people.
 Waveland is a historic plantation home and farm located near Marshall Fauquier County Virginia. The mansion was built about 1835 and is a two-story three bay by five bay brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It has a front gable roof and sits on an English basement. A six-bay-wide two bay-deep rear addition designed by noted English architect Edmund George Lind (1829–1909) was added in 1859 creating a T-plan dwelling. Also on the property are the contributing meat house (c.
 The Bankers Trust Company Building (1925) is an office building located at the intersection of Congress and Shelby in downtown Detroit Michigan. Designed by Wirt C. Rowland of Smith Hinchman & Grylls the ornately modeled building is an exquisite example of Italian Romanesque Revival architecture in America.
 Buckingham Baptist Chapel is a Baptist church in Clifton Bristol England. It was built in 1842 to the designs of Richard Shackleton Pope and is an example of Gothic Revival architecture being particularly noteworthy in that it is one of the earliest Baptist chapels built in this style. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.The chapel describes itself as 'independent evangelical baptist'.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Sandstone (FCI Sandstone) is a low-security United States federal prison for male offenders in Sandstone Minnesota. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FCI Sandstone is located approximately 100 miles northeast of Minneapolis/St. Paul and 70 miles southwest of Duluth Minnesota.
 The Stanstead is a historic apartment building located at 19 Ware Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story Richardsonian Romanesque building was built in 1887 and is an uncommon brick rendition of a triple decker more typically a wood frame construction that was just becoming popular in Cambridge. The architects J. P. and W. P.
 Engleside is a historic estate located near Dansville in Livingston County New York. The estate includes the large Greek Revival style main house barn single bay garage and a combination laundry / drying house / privy building. The main house was built around 1848. It is composed of a two-story three bay side hall entrance main block surmounted by a hipped roof with a long wing.
 The Kramer Covered Bridge No. 113 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Greenwood Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 50-foot-long (15 m) Queen Post Truss bridge with a metal roof constructed in 1881. It crosses the Mud Run. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The bridge was totally rebuilt in 2007.
 The Cathedral of Burgo de Osma is a Gothic building in El Burgo de Osma central Spain built on an area previously occupied by a Romanesque church. It is one of the best preserved medieval buildings in the country and considered one of the best examples of thirteenth-century gothic architecture in Spain. The building of the church started in 1232 and was completed in 1784. The cloister is from 1512. The tower is from 1739.The cathedral is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary.
 Iglesia de San Andrés (Bedriñana) is a church in the parish of Bedriñana Asturias Spain. It dates to the 9th century and was declared a national monument in 1931.
 La Grange also known as Samuel Henry Black House is a historic home located near Glasgow New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1815 and is a two-story five bay Federal style manor house. The front facade features a pedimented entrance portico. Attached to the house are two dependencies. The western wing is a former smokehouse and the eastern wing is a kitchen.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the West Blatchington area of Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Although it has 11th- and 12th-century origins the church was rebuilt from a ruined state in the late 19th century and extended substantially in the 1960s and little trace remains of the ancient building. The church serves the parish of West Blatchington a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with Brighton.
 Dart's Mill is a historic hamlet on the South Branch of the Raritan River located in Readington Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. Several mills were built here in the early 18th century. In its height a merchant blacksmith store and complex of mills were here. The last mill at this site burnt down in 1994. Foundation walls and a mill race remain at the site today. On April 29 1982 Dart's Mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The four Richmond Shipyards located in the city of Richmond California United States were run by Permanente Metals and part of the Kaiser Shipyards and were responsible for constructing more ships during World War II than any other shipyard in the country at one point building 3 ships in a single day. The shipyards are part of the Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park. The park's Rosie the Riveter memorial is located on the former grounds of Shipyard #2.
 The F.W. Woolworth Building is a historic department store building located in Sundance Square neighborhood of Fort Worth Texas. The building served as a retail location for the F. W. Woolworth Company from 1926 to 1990. It now houses a JoS. A. Bank Clothiers store.Designed by Wiley G. Clarkson & James T. Taylor to be 10 stories tall the limestone and concrete structure was only built as a three-story building. The classical revival building includes an elaborate frieze.
 Domain Central is an outlet shopping centre in Townsville. It is a Queensland's largest major outlet and large goods shopping centre containing 50 stores including major retailers such as Dick Smith JB Hi-Fi Freedom Lincraft Trade Secret and a number of other homemaker fashion and discount outlets. The shopping centre was developed in 2006 and 2007 by Lancini Developments and is currently managed by Fenis Real Estate.
 The Karl A. Staley House was designed in 1950 by Frank Lloyd Wright. Situated on the shores of Lake Erie in North Madison Ohio this home is constructed with stone in an I-plan form. A glass facade overlooks the lake.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
 The Alden Public Library in Alden Iowa was built in 1914. It was designed by Wetherell & Gage. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The John George Ott House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 San Jose Hospital & Trauma Center is located in the Philippine province of Cavite on Governor's Drive which is the main highway between Cavite City and Tagaytay City. The hospital five stories high is listed as a level 2 hospital by the Philippine Department of Health. It is one of two hospitals in the city of General Mariano Alvarez; the other hospital GMA Medicare Hospital has only ten beds as compared to San Jose's twenty-five beds.
 Temple Beth Israel (or Reconstructionist Temple Beth Israel of Bergen County) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 34 West Magnolia Avenue in Maywood New Jersey. It is the only synagogue in Maywood and the only Reconstructionist synagogue in the region with a membership drawn from 22 communities.Established in 1928 the congregation moved to its current location a former church in 1931.
 The History of Medicine Museum (French: Musée d’histoire de la médecine) in Paris is located at the second floor of the Paris Descartes University 12 rue de l'École de Médecine in the buildings of the historic Faculty of Medicine created in 1803 on the site of the old College and Academy of Surgery.The museum's collections among the oldest in Europe were started by the Dean Lafaye a professor at the Faculty of Medicine in the 18th century.
 Santarpio's Pizza is a well-known restaurant in the neighborhood of East Boston. Established in 1903 as a bakery Frank Santarpio began selling pizza three decades later. A landmark to locals and a destination for visitors the eatery is primarily known for its New York-style pizza which it has served at its Chelsea Street location since 1933.
 The Sentinel Butte Public School on Byron St. in Sentinel Butte North Dakota United States also known as Sentinel Butte High School was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture. It was designed by Fargo architects Haxby & Gillespie.
 Hallmark Place is an apartment building located at 311 6th Avenue North in the Central Business District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building has 27 stories (78.3 m) and is the second tallest building in the city. The building is a condominium development where in addition to individual owners a number of units are offered as short term business suites.
 Pearl Tower or Pearl at the Sea is a 70-floor 242 meter (794 foot) skyscraper in Panama City Panamá. Construction was first planned in 2007. The building was completed in 2012.
 The Byrdcliffe Colony also called the Byrdliffe Arts Colony or Byrdcliffe Historic District was founded in 1902 near Woodstock New York by Jane Byrd McCall and Ralph Radcliffe Whitehead and colleagues Bolton Brown (artist) and Hervey White (writer). It is the oldest operating Arts and Crafts Colony in America. The Arts and Crafts Movement arose in the late nineteenth century in reaction to the dehumanizing monotony and standardization of industrial production.
 The Buckingham Building is a 27-story skyscraper located at 59-67 E. Van Buren St. in the Loop neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. The building which opened in 1930 has historically served as a mixed-use retail and office building. Chicago architects Holabird and Root designed the building in the Art Deco style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 10 2000.
 The Gallery of Fine Arts (Croatian: Galerija likovnih umjetnosti) is an art museum in Osijek Croatia. It was established in 1954.
 Montpelier is a historic plantation home located near Sperryville Rappahannock County Virginia. The main house was built about 1750 and is a two-story 11 bay stuccoed stone and brick dwelling with a side gable roof. It consists of a five-bay main block with north and south three bay wings. It features a two-story verandah stretching the entire length of the house with eight large provincial Tuscan order columns.
 Immaculate Conception Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Springfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.Citing insufficient parishioners the diocese had planned to close the parish in 2009. Following closure it would have merged with Christ the King Parish in Ludlow.
 The England House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1914. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival and Prairie School styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982 and is included in Governor's Mansion Historic District which is also NRHP-listed.
 The Seminole Heights Residential District known also as the Seminole Heights Historic District is a U.S. and Local Historic District located in Tampa Florida. The district is roughly bounded by Hanna Avenue to the north Cherokee Avenue and I-275 to the east Florida Avenue to the west and Osborne Avenue to the south.
 Schalun Castle (German Burg Schalun or Ruine Schalun) also known colloquially as Wildschloss (Castle in the wild) is a castle ruin located in the municipality of Vaduz Liechtenstein. It lies in the mountains roughly 1 kilometer to the northeast from the town centre of Vaduz the capital of Liechtenstein. It is freely open to tourists and accessible by foot or mountain bike via a local footpath.
 The Strengthen the Arm of Liberty Monument in Pine Bluff Arkansas is a replica of the Statue of Liberty. It was placed by the Boy Scouts of America as part of its 1950's era campaign Strengthen the Arm of Liberty.It is in the Pine Bluff Memorial Gardens.
 Meols Hall is a historical manor house in Churchtown Merseyside dating from the 12th century but largely rebuilt by Roger Fleetwood-Hesketh in the 1960s.
 The Bank of America Plaza was built in 1977 in downtown Tucson Arizona. It took over the top spot from the Pima County Legal Services Building which was the tallest building from 1967-1977. It was the tallest building in Tucson from 1977-1986 until the UniSource Energy Tower was completed. It is located at 33 North Stone Ave. at the southwest corner of Stone Ave. and Pennington St.
 Volney G. Bennett Lumber Company is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 5 1993.
 The Frank and Mary Smith House is a historic home located at 2935 John Adams Road in Willow Spring North Carolina a suburb of Raleigh. The house was built in 1880 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 2003.
 Providence Care is one of the three university hospitals in Kingston Ontario affiliated with Queen's University. Providence Care is a not-for-profit organization governed by a volunteer Board of Directors and sponsored by the Catholic Health Corporation of Ontario.Providence Care specializes in rehabilitation geriatric care complex continuing care specialized mental health care palliative care and long-term care.
 The Santa Fe Plaza is a National Historic Landmark in downtown Santa Fe New Mexico. The mirrors traditional Spanish-American colonial cities. The plaza or city-square was originally and is still to this day the center gathering place in town. Many know it as the heart of Santa Fe. The landmark has since grown into a playground for many tourists interested in Spanish Native American and Mexican cultures and includes music design jewelry art and dance.
 The Coons House is located along NY 9G in Clermont New York United States across the road from the Clarkson Chapel. It was built in the mid-19th century in the Greek Revival architectural style.It is the only Greek Revival house in Clermont to have been built in the full temple style with a front colonnade. In 1983 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places where it is also a contributing property to the Hudson River Historic District a National Historic Landmark.
 The Pondville Correctional Center is a minimum security/pre-release Massachusetts state prison. It is located 36 miles southwest of Boston Massachusetts in the town of Norfolk Massachusetts. Because this is a minimum security facility there are no walls or fences to keep prisoners in. Security is maintained by inmate counts and strict accountability procedures.
 The National Air and Space Museum (NASM) of the Smithsonian Institution holds the largest collection of historic aircraft and spacecraft in the world in 161145 square feet (14970.9 m2) of exhibition floor space. It was established in 1946 as the National Air Museum and opened its main building in 1976.
 The United Artists Theatre Building is a vacant high-rise tower in downtown Detroit Michigan standing at 150 Bagley Avenue. It was built in 1928 and stands 18 stories tall. The building was designed by architect C. Howard Crane in the renaissance revival architectural style and is made mainly of brick. Until December 29 1971 it was a first-run movie house and office space and then after that the theatre saw sporadic usage until 1973.
 Bunbury Regional Prison is an Australian prison located in Davenport a southern suburb of Bunbury Western Australia. It opened in 1971 and the minimum-security block was commissioned in 1982. Self-care units added in 1992 allowed some prisoners to do their own cooking and cleaning.Offenders are expected to work or study and can access the prison’s education and employment facilities.
 One Detroit Center is a skyscraper and class-A office building located downtown which overlooks the Detroit Financial District. Rising 619 feet (189 m) the 43-story tower is the tallest office building in Michigan and the second tallest overall in the state behind the central hotel tower of the Renaissance Center located a few blocks away.
 Virginia Center Commons (VCC) is the Richmond area's third newest mall and the last to be built indoors to date (opened 1991). It is located in northern Henrico County along U.S. Route 1 near the intersection of Interstate 295. VCC is the closest mall to many parts of the Richmond region such as Mechanicsville Ashland and the city of Richmond's North Side.
 Iglesia de Santa Bárbara (Llaranes) is a church in Llaranes Avilés Asturias Spain. The church contains notable mosaics and stained glass windows by Eugenio Francisco Javier Clavo Gil
 A cakery is a specific establishment which produces and/or sells cakes; they may also sell cupcakes muffins sponges as well as other baked goods that fall under the title of a cake. Products are baked on site in the same manner to that of a bakery but does not make or sell other associated items.
 The Erin-Warren Fractional District No. 2 Schoolhouse also known as the Halfway Schoolhouse is a school building located at 15500 Nine Mile Road in Eastpointe Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1990.
 The Shatha Tower is a 41-floor tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 167 m (548 ft). Construction of the Shatha Tower was completed in 2006.
 The parish of Trinity Church Elmira New York was founded in 1833. Trinity Church is a parish of the Chemung District of the Episcopal Diocese of Central New York centered in Syracuse New York. The present structure of Trinity Church is located at 304 North Main Street Elmira New York. Designed by architect Henry Dudley the church was built from 1855 through 1858. It is significant for its Gothic Revival architecture.
 St Thomas' Church is an Anglican church in Garstang a market town in Lancashire. It is an active Church of England parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Lancaster. The church was built in 1770 as a chapel of ease to St Helen's Church in nearby Kirkland and was later assigned its own parish. It is designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 The Synagogue of Trieste (Italian: Tempio Israelitico di Trieste) is a Jewish house of worship located in Trieste northern Italy.
 Guanyin Gumiao Temple (Chinese: 觀音古廟; pinyin: Guānyīn Gǔmiào also known as the Guangdong Guanyin Temple) is one of two major Chinese temples located within Latha Township in Yangon's Chinatown. It was founded by the Cantonese community of Yangon in 1823 but was destroyed by a fire in December 1855 and subsequently rebuilt in 1864 with two additional brick buildings to the side built in 1872.
 Dalen Hotel is a historic hotel in Dalen in the municipality of Tokke in Telemark county Norway. The luxury Dalen Hotel once a popular locale for European royalty is one of the largest wooden buildings in Norway and one of the best preserved hotels of its size from the 1800s.The hotel is located in eastern Dalen on the shores of Bandak lake.
 Dr. William B. Pritchard House is a historic home located at Princess Anne Somerset County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay frame dwelling constructed in several stages between about 1860 and 1906. It features a porch with a distinctive octagonal gazebo. A traditional 19th-century farmhouse it was reworked extensively around 1904–1906 in the Colonial Revival style by New York physician Dr. William B.
 GF Strong Rehabilitation Centre is the largest rehabilitation hospital in British Columbia. It is located in the South Cambie neighborhood of Vancouver.It provides inpatient (overnight stays) outpatient outreach and clinical support services to clients/patients across British Columbia and the Yukon in four unique programs: Acquired Brain Injury Spinal Cord Injury Arthritis and Neuromusculoskeletal.
 The Hotel Indigo Hong Kong Island is the newest addition to the Hotel Indigo chain of boutique hotels part of the InterContinental Hotels Group which is promoted as being the industry’s first branded boutique hotel experience.This hotel has 29 floors with 138 rooms and 6 suites. It is situated on the original coastline of the Queen's Road East in Wanchai.
 Drury Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1910 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame dwelling set atop a cut stone foundation and surmounted by a gable roof clad in asphalt shingles. The front facade is dominated by a 2-story three-bay cobblestone porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Ohio Company Land Office is the oldest building in the U.S. state of Ohio. The Office is listed individually in the National Register of Historic Places and as a contributing property to the Marietta Historic District.The Land Office was built after Ohio Company of Associates landed at Marietta in 1788. The Office was built at approximately 39°25′16.75″N 81°27′47.25″W. In 1791 the building was moved away from the Muskingum River so it could be protected by the guns of Campus Martius.
 The Lindquist Apartment House is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The King William Ale House is an historic public house situated on King Street in Bristol England. It dates from 1670 and was originally part of a row of three houses. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 Sacramento Downtown Plaza formerly known as Westfield Downtown Plaza and Downtown Plaza is a two-level outdoor shopping mall owned by JMA Ventures LLC located in downtown Sacramento California United States near the State Capitol building. The shopping center is bordered by J Street to the north L Street to the south 7th Street to the east and 4th Street to the west.
 The Taylor-Frohman House at 1315 Columbus Ave. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1906. It was designed and/or built by George Feick. It includes Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Valparaiso Inn was built in 1924 on the shores of Boggy Bayou in Valparaiso Florida by developer James E. Plew. The three-story Spanish stucco structure was patterned after Chicago's famous Edgewater Beach Hotel. It had four wings angled to catch the breeze and provide a panoramic view of the bayou and Choctawhatchee Bay. It offered 56 guests rooms.
 The Dog Iron Ranch located about two miles east of Oologah Oklahoma USA is the historic ranch and birthplace of humorist Will Rogers. It was donated to the state of Oklahoma by the Rogers family. The current property comprises 400 acres (1.6 km2) of the original 60000 acre (240 km²) ranch operated by Clem Rogers Will's father. Originally the ranch contained up to 10000 Texas Longhorn cattle.
 California State Prison Centinela (CEN) is a male-only state prison located in Imperial County California approximately 20 miles (32 km) from Imperial and El Centro. The facility is sometimes referenced Centinela State Prison.
 The Church of Saint Susanna at the Baths of Diocletian (Italian: Chiesa di Santa Susanna alle Terme di Diocleziano) is a Roman Catholic parish church located on the Quirinal Hill in Rome Italy. There has been a titular church associated to its site as far back as A.D. 280.
 Butley Abbey now known as Butley Priory was a medieval monastic house near Butley in Suffolk England. Apart from some mediaeval ruins only the gatehouse still remains which has been converted into a house.The abbey was an Augustinian fraternity founded in 1171 by Ranulph de Glanville Justiciar of Henry II and dissolved in 1538 as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
 Houses at 1907-1951 N. 32nd St. also known as Mansion Court are a set of 12 historic double houses located in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. They were built about 1894 and are three-story Pompeiian brick dwellings in the Late Victorian style. They are characterized by pressed metal cornices roof crests and two-story bay windows. The first floors have recessed porches with ornamental ceilings. The house at 1951 N. 32nd St.
 The Don Rhodes Mining and Transport Museum is a public park in Port Hedland Western Australia with an open air display of retired mining machinery and railway rollingstock.Located on Wilson Street which links the town with the Great Northern Highway and North West Coastal Highway the museum faces Nelson Point Yard the northern terminus of the Mount Newman railway.
 Umm al-Nasr Mosque (Arabic: مسجد أم النصر‎) or Beit Hanoun Mosque is the oldest mosque in the Palestinian city of Beit Hanoun in the Gaza Strip located in the center of the city.
 The Discovery Center of Springfield in Springfield Missouri is an interactive hands-on museum committed to inspiring people of all ages with a lifelong love of learning and an appreciation of the world and our place in it. Its history goes back to the late 1980s when a group of community volunteers led by the junior league of Springfield began a feasibility study for a children's hands-on museum project for Springfield and the Ozark region.
 The Church of Our Lady (Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk or Grote Kerk)in Dordrecht is a medieval Protestant church and is the largest church in the city. It is a church in the Brabantine Gothic style with an unfinished tower and is the second oldest church in the city
 Young Israel Shomrai Emunah or YISE is an Orthodox synagogue located in Kemp Mill Montgomery County Maryland. It was the first Orthodox synagogue established in Montgomery County it is presently one of the largest Orthodox synagogues in Maryland and is recognized as a key synagogue in the Silver Spring Maryland area.
 The Orange County Courthouse is located at 801 West Division Avenue Orange Texas United States. The art deco courthouse was designed by Charles Henry Page of the firm C. H. Page and Brother of Austin Texas and built in 1937 after a fire destroyed the Old Orange County Courthouse.
 The Church of the Assumption (Bulgarian: църква Успение Богородично tsarkva Uspenie Bogorodichno) is a Bulgarian Orthodox church in the village of Uzundzhovo Haskovo Municipality Bulgaria. Built as a mosque during the Ottoman era it was reconstructed in 1906 as a church.
 Norman Regional Hospital is a 324 bed general hospital that serves Norman Oklahoma and the surrounding communities. Founded in 1946 as Norman Municipal Hospital Norman Regional has since become one of the state's busiest hospitals with its emergency department receiving more than 70000 annual visitors.
 The Sokollu Mehmet Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Sokollu Mehmet Paşa Camii) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Kadirga neighborhood of the Fatih district of Istanbul Turkey.
 Igreja de Santo Estêvão is a church in Lisbon Portugal. It is classified as a National Monument.
 De Librije (Dutch pronunciation: [də lɪˈbrɛi̯ə]) is a restaurant in Zwolle Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that has been awarded one or more Michelin stars since 1993. It carried one star in the period 1993-1998 two stars in the period 1999-2003 and three stars since 2004.
 Whitley Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in Greenwich Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Canton Tower (Chinese: 广州塔) formerly known as Guangzhou TV Astronomical and Sightseeing Tower (Chinese: 广州电视台天文及观光塔) and also known as Guangzhou Tower (Chinese: 广州塔) is a 600m 1969 ft tall multi-purpose observation tower in the Haizhu District of Guangzhou (historically known as Canton or Kwangchow) Guangdong China. The tower was topped out in 2009 and it became operational on 29 September 2010 for the 2010 Asian Games.
 The Monette Water Tower is a historic structure located in Monette Arkansas. It was built in 1936 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company in conjunction with the Public Works Administration as part of a project to improve the area's water supply. The Monette Water Tower is considered a good example of a 1930s-era elevated steel water tank.
 Nork-Marash Medical Center is a teaching hospital and biomedical research facility in Yerevan Armenia focused on cardiac care. It is led by Dr. Hagop (Hrayr) Hovaguimian a Syrian-Armenian cardiothoracic surgeon from the University of Aleppo and St. Vincent's Hospital Portland Oregon. The center consists of cardiothoracic surgery adult cardiology and pediatric cardiology divisions.
 The High Hampton Inn Historic District is an estate and resort nestled in the mountains of western North Carolina in the Cashiers Valley in Jackson County. Originally the summer home of the prosperous Hampton family of South Carolina the property is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Wealthy planter Wade Hampton II purchased 450 acres (180 ha) in Cashiers Valley as an escape from the summer heat humidity and malaria of the Charleston and Columbia South Carolina region.
 The José Martí Memorial (Spanish: Monumento a José Martí) is a memorial to José Martí a national hero of Cuba located on the northern side of the Plaza de la Revolución in the Vedado area of Havana. It consists of a star-shaped tower a statue of Martí surrounded by six columns and gardens.The 109 m (358 ft) tower designed by a team of architects led by Enrique Luis Varela is in the form of a five-pointed star encased in grey Cuban marble from the Isla de la Juventud.
 The C.A. Rownd Round Barn is an historic structure located south of Cedar Falls Iowa in Black Hawk County. It was built in 1911 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 83 feet (25.3m) around.
 Palacete dos Viscondes de Balsemão is a historic palace in Porto Portugal done in Portuguese Northern Baroque style.
 The George Hotel is situated at 19–21 George Street in Edinburgh the capital of Scotland. The buildings were constructed around 1780 as part of Edinburgh's New Town. In the 1840s they were remodelled by the architect David Bryce and again by MacGibbon and Ross in 1880.
 The Minnesota Soldiers' Home later known as the Minnesota Veterans Home in Minneapolis is an old soldiers' home near Minnehaha Falls in Minneapolis Minnesota. After the American Civil War and the devastation that it caused there was sentiment that the United States should provide care for its veterans. The Minnesota Legislature authorized the establishment of the Soldiers' Home in 1887 as a reward to the brave and deserving. Construction began the following year in 1888.
 Evangelical church in Bratislava suburb Dúbravka is the second youngest religious building in this part of Bratislava. Originally built as ceremonial hall in 80s regular evangelical worship services here began in 1995. In 2003 the building became a property of Slovak Evangelical Church. The church consists of the main hall with the capacity of ca. 200 believers and minor hall with ca. 100 people capacity.
 The College Club House and Gymnasium is an educational building located at 1416 College Avenue on the campus of Michigan Technological University in Houghton Michigan. It is also known as R.O.T.C. Building. The building is the oldest existing building on Michigan Tech's campus and it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Trinkle Mansion is a historic building located in Wytheville Virginia that is now a four room bed and breakfast. It is a contributing property to the Wytheville Historic District.
 SM City Pampanga is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is located along the Jose Abad Santos Avenue (formerly Olongapo-Gapan Road) in the City of San Fernando and Mexico in the province of Pampanga. It has a land area of 316000 m2 (3400000 sq ft) and a total gross floor area of 132484 m2 (1426050 sq ft). It is the first SM Supermall in Central Luzon and is currently the longest and largest shopping mall in the region.
 Fort De La Boulaye Site also known as Mississippi Fort is the site of a fort built by the French in 1700 to take possession of the Mississippi. Native Americans forced the French to vacate the fort by 1707.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 Kinsham Grange may have been a priory near the River Lugg in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO380652. It now seems likely that an error by John Tanner in 1744 confused this site with one at Great Limber in Lincolnshire and there was never a priory here.
 The Utz Site is a Native American archeological site in Saline County Missouri located on bluffs overlooking the Missouri River. The site was occupied by the Missouri tribe from c. 15th to the late 18th centuries and was probably the principal village area occupied by the Missouri Indians at the time of their first contact with Europeans.
 The Mall at the Source (also known as The Source Mall or simply The Source) is a shopping mall located in Westbury New York USA on Old Country Road and Merchants Concourse (Ellison Avenue) currently managed by Newmark Grubb Knight Frank and owned by lenders. Until August 2012 the mall was managed and co-owned by Simon Property Group. It had many stores including Old Navy and currently has an H&M. It also has several upscale restaurants such as The Cheesecake Factory and P. F.
 Holy Trinity Church Coverham is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Coverham North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands near the ruins of the Premonstratensian Coverham Abbey and not far from the River Cover.
 The S.S.S. (Sea Scout Ship) Lotus is a historic gaff rigged schooner located at Sodus Point in Wayne County New York and is operated and maintained by Sea Scout Ship 303 of Webster New York.
 The Hotel Roanoke is a luxury hotel located in the Gainsboro neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. Originally built in 1882 the hotel has been renovated many times. It is currently owned by Virginia Tech and operated under the Doubletree Hotels brand. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Glasshouse hotel in Edinburgh opened in June 2003 and is located on Greenside Place next to the Playhouse Theatre. The hotel is on the edge of Edinburgh's New Town build into the 150 year old façade of Lady Glenorchy Church. The hotel has 69 bedrooms (of which 2 are suites) and two acre roof terrace.
 St. Stanislaus Kostka Church in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania referred to in Polish as Kościół Świętego Stanisława Kostki is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh one of the city's oldest churches. Located in the Strip District in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States it is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral' style of churches. It is known also as 21st and Smallman Street Church. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 San Simeone Piccolo (also called San Simeone e Giuda) is a church in the sestiere of Santa Croce in Venice northern Italy. From across the Grand Canal it faces the railroad terminal serving as entrypoint for most visitors to the city. Built in 1718-38 by Giovanni Antonio Scalfarotto the church shows the emerging eclecticism of Neoclassical architecture. It accumulates academic architectural quotations much like the contemporaneous Karlskirche in Vienna.
 Howard Park P.S. 218 also known as School 7 is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an early 20th-century brick school building located in the intact historic west Baltimore neighborhood of Howard Park. The earliest school building was constructed in 1908 and enlarged in 1913 1936 and in 1957. The older sections are built of brick and accented with limestone details. It continued to function as a school until 1980.Howard Park P.S.
 New Brighton Tower was a steel lattice observation tower at New Brighton in the town of Wallasey Cheshire (now in the Borough of Wirral in Merseyside) England. It stood 567 feet (173 m) high and was the tallest building in Great Britain when it opened some time between 1898 and 1900. Neglected during the First World War and requiring renovation the owners could not afford dismantling of the tower began in 1919 and the metal was sold for scrap.
 Temple Beth Shmuel or Cuban Hebrew Congregation of Miami is a synagogue used by Ashkenazi Jewish Cuban expatriates in Miami Beach Florida. The synagogue was founded in 1961 and its current location opened in 1975 with an expansion in 1982. The congregation is led by Rabbi Richard S. Chizever and Baal Koreh Jacques Malka. It currently hosts 170 member households with a Montessori School. As of 2011 there are some 2500 Cuban Jewish households in Miami. The temple was designed by Oscar Sklar.
 The Old Mill District is an area formerly occupied by two lumber mills in Bend Oregon. Encompassing approximately 270 acres along the Deschutes River the Old Mill District is now a mixed-use area known for its shops galleries and restaurants. It draws thousands of visitors and employs more than 2500 people. The area underwent significant development since the mid-1990s when the land was purchased by developer Bill Smith president of William Smith Properties.
 The Plumbers and Gasfitters Employees' Union Building (PGEUB) is an office building for the Plumbers and Gasfitters Union located in Melbourne Victoria. It was commissioned in 1969 with architect Graeme Gunn to design it in creative collaboration with landscape designer Ellis Stones and Merchant Builders. Construction was completed in 1971. The design itself was architecturally intended to be up to date.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Forrest City Low (FCI Forrest City Low) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Arkansas. A satellite prison camp adjacent to the facility houses minimum-security male offenders. It is part of the Forrest City Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Forrest City) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 The Westmorland Institution is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the village of Dorchester New Brunswick. It shares a property with Dorchester Penitentiary and Shepody Healing Centre.
 Mount Wollaston Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 20 Sea Street in the Merrymount neighborhood of Quincy Massachusetts. It was founded in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hunter-Dawson State Historic Site in New Madrid Missouri is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as historic house museum and a state historic site.
 The AJX Bridge is a historic Pratt truss bridge in southwestern Johnson County Wyoming. The bridge was built in 1931 across the South Fork of the Powder River near Kaycee Wyoming. AJX Bridge was built to provide a river crossing for U.S. Route 87. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as part of a Multiple Property Submission devoted to historic bridges in Wyoming.
 The Prospect House is a historic former hotel and tavern at 11 Hammond Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built in 1839 this temple-front Greek Revival structure was originally a hotel and tavern and is one of only a few surviving 19th century hotel buildings in the city. Now an apartment house the building has four two-story fluted Doric columns supporting a pedimented gable with a second-story porch behind the columns.
 Col. James Cameron House is a historic home located at West Chillisquaque Township Northumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built in four sections; a 2 1/2-story formal brick section and a 1 1/2-story brick kitchen were built between 1840 and 1842; a 2-story brick addition was built about 1860; and a 1-story wood frame kitchen addition sometime in the mid- to late-19th century. It is in a vernacular Federal style.
 The Ben Uri Gallery incorporating the London Jewish Museum of Art (self-described also as The Art Museum for Everyone) is a registered museum and charity currently sited at 108a Boundary Road off the famous Abbey Road in St John's Wood London England.
 Kathmandu Medical College And Teaching Hospital(KMCTH) is a medical school located in Kathmandu the capital city of Nepal.Established in 1997 with a mission to provide quality medical education within a modern academic environment KMC has proved to be one of the leading private medical college in Nepal in addition to being permanently affiliated by Kathmandu UniversityNepal Medical Council and Sri Lanka Medical Council.Kathmandu Medical College has also been listed in the WHO's World Directory of Medical Schools electronic format as from June 2002. 
 The A. Smith Bowman Distillery is a distillery that was originally based on the Bowman family's Sunset Hills Farm in Fairfax County Virginia USA in what later became the planned community of Reston. It was founded in 1934 after the end of Prohibition by Abram Smith Bowman and his sons Smith and DeLong.In February 1988 it relocated to Spotsylvania County near Fredericksburg into a former FMC Corp.
 The University Hospital of South Manchester NHS Foundation Trust (UHSM) is a major acute teaching hospital in Wythenshawe south Manchester England. It provides services for adults and children at Wythenshawe Hospital and Withington Community Hospital (the latter owned by Manchester PCT). It recognised as a centre of clinical excellence and provides district general hospital services and specialist tertiary services to its surrounding community.
 Wilder's Folly (also known as Pincent's Kiln Nunhide Tower and Flint's Folly) is a folly and dovecote at Nunhide near the village of Sulham in the English county of Berkshire.
 Times Square Studios (TSS) is an American television studio located on the SE corner of West 44th Street and Broadway in the Times Square area of the borough of Manhattan. The studio is best known as the production home of ABC News' Good Morning America (GMA) a morning news and talk program and segments for GMA on ABC News Now.
 Nugent Home for Baptists is a historic private charity building at 221 W. Johnson Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. According to the New York Times of May 21 1889:The Hon. Horatio G. Jones President of the Trustees of the George Nugent Home for Baptists at Germantown Philadelphia announced that the home had a foundation or endowment of $300000 or $400000 and was ready to receive all Baptist ministers and their wives over sixty years of age. The inmates are supported for life.
 The Ingham County Courthouse is an historic government building located at 341 South Jefferson Street in Mason Ingham County Michigan. It occupies an entire city block bounded by South Jefferson East Ash South Barnes and East Maple Street. Constructed from 1902 to 1904 it is Ingham County's third courthouse and the second on this block which is directly north of the site of the first courthouse. Designed by noted Lansing architect Edwyn A.
 The Historic Fairfax County Courthouse is one of the oldest buildings in Fairfax Virginia. It was constructed in 1799 to serve as the seat of government in Fairfax County. During the American Civil War the first Confederate officer casualty of the war took place on the courthouse grounds and the building was occupied by both sides in the conflict. Today the original courthouse building is part of the larger courthouse site that serves the local government of Fairfax County.
 The Howe School is a historic school building at 390 Boston Road in Billerica Massachusetts. This three story brick building was built in 1852 with funding from a bequest by Zadok Howe and served the town as a secondary educational institution for 100 years. Designed by Daniel G. Bean of Lowell the building including an innovative ventilation system for bringing warm and fresh air into the classrooms.
 The Brewster-Douglass Housing Projects (officially named the Frederick Douglass Homes and alternately named Frederick Douglass Projects Frederick Douglass Apartments Brewster-Douglass Homes and Brewster-Douglass Projects) were the largest residential housing project owned by the city of Detroit located in the Brush Park section on the east side of Detroit Michigan near the Chrysler Freeway Mack Avenue and St. Antoine Street.
 The Blue Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Blue Mountain at Indian Lake in Hamilton County New York. The station includes a 35-foot-tall (11 m) steel frame lookout tower erected in 1917 an observer's cabin built in 1975 the remains of three observer's cabins remains of a radar station built in the 1960s and remnants of telephone lines along the foot trail.
 Cottingley Towers are a rented-flat accommodation and are in Leeds West Yorkshire England. Cottingley Towers was previously the tallest residential building in Leeds with 25 floors the towers are 72 metres (236 ft) tall and would not class as a skyscraper.
 The Norwalk River Railroad Bridge is a swing bridge built in 1896 for the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad. It currently carries Amtrak and Metro-North Railroad trains over the Norwalk River. In 1896 the New Haven Railroad built the bridge and widened its route to four tracks as it simultaneously built its South Norwalk Railroad Bridge over the intersection of Washington Street with North Main and South Main streets.
 The Gherdëina Local Heritage Museum was opened in the Cësa di Ladins in Urtijëi in 1960. The building is the seat of the Union di Ladins de Gherdëina a cultural organisation for the keeping of the Ladin language and heritage in Val Gherdëina. In addition to the museum the building hosts a library specialized in Ladin language and culture.The collections of the Gherdëina Museum enable the visitor to gain an informative insight into the cultural and natural world of Val Gherdëina.
 St. Michael the Archangel Church is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Cordova Alaska.It was built in 1925 and has a modest appearance in the generally simple style of the earlier Russian Orthodox church at Belkofski.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Fourth and Blanchard Building also known as the Sedgwick James Building or the Darth Vader building is a skyscraper located in the Belltown neighborhood just north of downtown Seattle. The high-rise style construction rises to 105 meters (344 feet) and has 25 floors above the ground. Chester L. Lindsey Architects notable as the architects of the Columbia Center designed the building.
 The Trumpbour Homestead Farm is a National Register of Historic Places listing located in Saugerties New York. The property contains six buildings including a c. 1732 vernacular stone house.
 The Jakob Glanzer Shul or the former Chasidim Synagogue was a synagogue at the Ugol'naya street Nr.3 in Lviv Ukraine.
 Battery White was an artillery battery constructed by the Confederates during the American Civil War. Built in 1862–63 to defend Winyah Bay on the South Carolina coast the battery was strongly situated and constructed; however it was inadequately manned and was captured without resistance during the final months of the war.The battery is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is located on private land but is open to the public.
 The John and Ella Morrill House located at 95 N. Main St. in Junction Utah was built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.The house is prominently located on Main Street in Junction. It is significant as a unique example of the Victorian Gothic style in Junction.
 1701 Pennsylvania Avenue is a high-rise skyscraper building in Washington D.C. United States. Construction of the building was completed in 1962. The building rises to 153 feet (47 m) containing 13 floors. The architect of the recent renovation of the building was Fox Architects Inc. with Andrews & Kurth LLP as the original architects. The building serves as an office building for Washington.
 Shirley Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County Virginia. It is located on State Route 5 a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg. Shirley Plantation is the oldest active plantation in Virginia and is one of the oldest family-owned businesses in North America dating back to 1614 with operations starting in 1638.
 Roman villa of Alto da Cidreira (Portuguese: Vila romana de Alto da Cidreira) is a Roman villa in the civil parish of Alcabideche municipality of Cascais. Although known since the 1890s this site has nonetheless been neglected by archaeologist conservationists resulting in destruction of artefacts that include Roman era mosaics a bath complex and an olive oil cellar.
 The Louis Marchetti House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Lincoln Park Post Office is a post office located at 1335 Southfield Road in Lincoln Park Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Abijah Thompson House is an historic house at 81 Walnut Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1835 and 1850 and is a fine local example of Gothic Revival style. Its first documented owner Abijah Thompson was the first president of the Winchester Historical Society.
 The Oakland Cemetery is a public cemetery maintained by the city of Fort Dodge Iowa United States. It was established in 1859 and it has been listed as an historic district on the National Register of Historic Places since 2003.
 Marine National Bank is located in Wildwood Cape May County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1908 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 20 2000.
 Allis-Bushnell House is a historic house at 853 Boston Post Road in Madison Connecticut.It was built in 1785 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The house is owned by the Madison Historical Society and operated as a historic house museum.
 Great Malvern Priory in Malvern Worcestershire England was a Benedictine monastery c.1075-1540 and is now an Anglican parish church. In 1949 it was designated a Grade I listed building. It is a dominant building in the Great Malvern Conservation area.[citation needed] It has the largest display of 15th century stained glass in England as well as carved miserichords from the 15th and 16th century and the largest collection of Medieval floor and wall tiles.
 Les Invalides (French pronunciation: ​[lezɛ̃valid]) officially known as L'Hôtel national des Invalides (The National Residence of the Invalids) is a complex of buildings in the 7th arrondissement of Paris France containing museums and monuments all relating to the military history of France as well as a hospital and a retirement home for war veterans the building's original purpose.
 The Thursby House located at Blue Springs State Park in Orange City Florida was constructed in 1872. The house was once a two-story structure built from three kinds of center-cut pine that had been milled in Savannah Ga. and transported by boat to the site.Louis P. Thursby and his family settled on the inlet to Blue Springs on the St. Johns river in 1856. Shortly after his arrival he constructed one of the first steamboat landings and planted one of the first orange groves on the upper St.
 The Peter MacKinnon Building is a National Historic Site of Canada which is part of the University of Saskatchewan (U of S). The U of S is the largest education institution in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The structure is an example of a university building in the classic Elizabethan E shape in Collegiate Gothic style which was designed by Brown and Vallance.This style is also seen at Cambridge and Oxford and American universities such as Princeton.
 Seminole Heights United Methodist Church also referred to as Seminole Heights Methodist or Seminole Heights UMC is an active Methodist congregation and a historic Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1927 in the Old Seminole Heights neighborhood of Tampa Florida. The building is one of the contributing structures within the Seminole Heights Residential District a U.S. National and Local Historic District.
 The Premià de Mar Printing Museum (Catalan: Museu Municipal de l'Estampació de Premià de Mar) located in the old gas factory of the town is a museum dedicated to explaining the history of textile printing in Premià de Mar and all of Catalonia. It is part of Science and Technology Museum of Catalonia and the Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network.
 The Bennett Building is an historic structure located in downtown Council Bluffs Iowa United States. The building is seven-stories tall and rises 86 feet (26 m) above the ground. It has historically been the tallest building in downtown Council Bluffs and was previously an office building. It is now an apartment building. The Bennett Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. J. Chris Jensen a local architect designed the structure.
 Chwalibogowo Palace - palace in Chwalibogowo (Września County Poland).
 St Olave's (pronounced Olive) is an Anglican church in York England. It is situated on Marygate by St Mary's Abbey. The church is situated within St Mary's Abbey walls which was ruined in the Dissolution of the Monasteries. It is dedicated to St Olaf patron saint of Norway. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 1055 records that ‘This year died Earl Siward at York; and his body lies in the minster at Galmanho which he had himself ordered to be built and consecrated in the name of God and St.
 1101 New York Avenue is a high-rise building located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 2007. The structure rises to 50 metres (160 ft) containing 12 floors. The building is tied for the 15th tallest building in Washington D.C.The building houses Google's public policy offices.
 The Lewis Mumford House is located on Leedsville Road (Dutchess County Route 2) in the Town of Amenia New York United States. It is a white Federal style building dating to the 1830s.Social philosopher historian and cultural critic Lewis Mumford and his wife bought the house in the late 1920s originally using it as a summer house. By the mid-1930s they decided to make it their permanent residence for a few years. That period extended to more than half a century the rest of Mumford's life.
 The Admiral Apartments originally the Wheeldon Apartments and also known as the Admiral Hotel Apartments is a five-story brick Tudor Revival apartment building in downtown Portland Oregon United States that was built in 1909. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1990.
 The Atlanta Centre is an office skyscraper in San Juan City Philippines. It is also the highest building in the city with a total height of 179 metres from the ground to its architectural spire.The building has 35 floors above ground including a 10-level parking area. It has 6 Otis elevators and is equipped with a centralized PABX/ LAN communication networks plus a Building Management System (BMS).
 Sennett and Bertha Kirk House is a 1913 Colonial Revival house in Garnett Kansas United States. It is currently operated as The Kirk House a bed and breakfast.
 Sky Tower is a skyscraper in Wrocław Poland. Construction began in December 2007 with the demolition of the 24-story Poltegor structure until then the tallest building in the city. Sky Tower is the tallest building in Poland in the category of height to roof and category of highest floor.On the 49th floor is a publicly accessible viewpoint.
 St Pancras Old Church is a Church of England parish church in Somers Town central London. It is dedicated to the Roman martyr Saint Pancras and is believed by many to be one of the oldest sites of Christian worship in England. The church is situated on Pancras Road in the London Borough of Camden with the surrounding area and its international railway station taking its name.
 Drossinis Museum is in the center of Kifisia a northern suburb of Athens and it is housed in “Amaryllis” villa where Georgios Drossinis lived in his last years and which is named after a central character of one of his earliest and most popular works. The museum was founded in 1997 with the aim to preserve and promote Drossinis’ (1859-1951) multidimensional work.
 Bethany Presbyterian Church Complex is a historic church in Bryson Tennessee.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Maple Hill Pavilion (formerly Maple Hill Mall) is a strip mall serving the city of Kalamazoo Michigan. Maple Hill Mall became a dead mall after several years of decline and the loss of several major tenants. The center has since been re-developed as a strip mall called Maple Hill Pavilion which features DSW Shoe Warehouse Hobby Lobby Marshalls PetSmart Pier One Imports Office Max Rooms Today and Target as its anchor stores. Maple Hill Pavilion is managed by Kimco Realty.
 The Hines Mansion is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Hines Mansion was built in 1895 for R. Spencer Hines and his wife Kitty. At the time this mansion was built it was recognized as one of the finest homes in Provo. The Hines Mansion was designated to the Provo City Historic Landmarks Registry on March 7 1996.
 The Floyd Jacobs House at 5050 Sunset Dr. in Kansas City Missouri was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architecture. It was designed by architect Mary Rockwell Hook in Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and other architecture.The house was designed to demonstrate the value of hillside lots in its development. The design had to accommodate slope and frontage on two streets at different levels.
 The Oscar Taylor House is a historic house in the city of Freeport Illinois. The house was built in 1857 and served as a station on the Underground Railroad during the American Civil War. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Integra Bank Corporation was the parent of Integra Bank National Association a retail bank headquartered in Evansville Indiana that failed on July 29 2011. As of March 31 2010 Integra Bank had $2.9 billion in total assets and operated 67 banking centers and 116 ATMs at locations in Illinois Indiana Kentucky and Ohio. On Friday July 29 2011 Integra Bank National Association (N.A.) Evansville was closed by the Comptroller of the Currency.
 Fort King (also known as Camp King or Cantonment King) was a United States military fort in north central Florida near what later developed as the city of Ocala. It was named after Colonel William King commander of Florida's Fourth Infantry and the first governor of the provisional West Florida region. The fort was built in 1827 during United States tensions with the Seminole in Florida a tribe of mostly Creek people who formed in the early nineteenth century.
 St Matthew's Church Buckley is in the town of Buckley Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Hawarden the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
 Christ Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church in Raleigh North Carolina located on Edenton Street.It is located within Capitol Area Historic District a National Historic Landmark district and has a distinctive bronze weather vane at the peak of its steeple.
 The Montana State Prison is a men's correctional facility of the Montana Department of Corrections in unincorporated Powell County Montana about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) west of Deer Lodge. The current facility was constructed between 1974 and 1979 in response to the continued degeneration of the original facility located in downtown Deer Lodge.
 The Shubael Baxter House is a historic house at 9 E. Bay Road in Barnstable Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1829 and underwent a major expansion and restyling in the early 20th century. Originally Federal in styling with five bays on the front facade it was expanded eastward by two bays and given Colonial Revival styling probably by J. S. Twombley who is recorded as its owner in 1907.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The San Diego Pro-cathedral formerly known as the San Diego Parish Church or the St. Didacus Parish Church before its declaration as a pro-cathedral in 1994 is an early 20th-century church in Silay City Negros Occidental in the Philippines. It is the only pro-cathedral outside of the national capital of Manila and is unique in Negros Occidental for being the only church in the province featuring a cupola or dome.
 The original Winnibigoshish Lake Dam was built 1881-1884 in order to regulate the flow of water on the Upper Mississippi River. A constant flow was desired by loggers fur traders and millers downstream at St. Anthony Falls. The dam crosses the county line between Cass County and Itasca County and lies within the Leech Lake Indian Reservation in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
 Panmure Castle was the ancestral home of the Maule family of Panmure from the 13th century to the 17th century when it was replaced by Panmure House in the 17th century. It is thought to have been built by Peter Maule around 1224 and was destroyed by Andrew Murray during the Second War of Scottish Independence in 1336.The ruins of the castle and moat are a category B listed building and has been designated as a Scheduled Monument by Historic Scotland.
 Centerbrook Congregational Church is a historic church on Main Street in Essex Connecticut.It was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Lambertville House is located in Lambertville Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1812 by Captain John Lambert and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 6 1978.
 Arlington House The Robert E. Lee Memorial formerly named the Custis-Lee Mansion is a Greek revival style mansion located in Arlington Virginia USA that was once the home of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. It overlooks the Potomac River and the National Mall in Washington D.C. During the American Civil War the grounds of the mansion were selected as the site of Arlington National Cemetery in part to ensure that Lee would never again be able to return to his home.
 Schroeppel House is a historic home located at Schroeppel in Oswego County New York. The original section was built in 1818 and is a Neoclassical-style structure. The principal mass is a three- by four-bay 2 1⁄2-story frame house constructed in the style of a prostyle tetrastyle temple. It features a 2-story portico with Ionic columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Museum of John Paul II and Primate Wyszyński is a Roman Catholic cultural and educational institution affiliated with the Archdiocese of Warsaw. It was established by a decree of 18 May 2010 issued by Archbishop Kazimierz Nycz.The Museum is located at the Temple of Divine Providence which constitutes its integral part. The Museum’s exhibition space which was under construction as of 2014 is housed 26 metres (85 ft) above ground in the area surrounding the dome of the Church.
 Fremantle Prison is a former Australian prison on The Terrace Fremantle in Western Australia. The 6-hectare (15-acre) site includes the prison gatehouse perimeter walls cottages tunnels and prisoner art. The prison was one of 11 former convict sites in Australia inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2010 as the Australian Convict Sites.
 The Dartmouth Street School is a historic school building at 13 Dartmouth Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story brick building was designed by architect George Clemence and built in two parts. The older main portion was built in 1894 and features an entry tower with pyramidal roof and tripartite round-arch windows over an arched entranceway.
 Sawtooth City (also Sawtooth) is an unincorporated community in Blaine County Idaho United States. Located at 43°53′48″N 114°50′25″W (43.8965718 -114.8403490) it sits at an altitude of 7342 feet (2238 m) along Beaver Creek near its confluence with the Salmon River in the Sawtooth Valley of Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
 St Ann's Church is an Anglican chapel within Her Majesty's Naval Base Portsmouth. It is regarded as the spiritual home of the Royal Navy and contains numerous memorials to men lost at sea.The original church was built in 1704 on the site of what is now Admiralty House. The present church was opened in 1786 and is built in red brick in Flemish bond. It was possibly designed by Marquand a Navy Board surveyor working under Samuel Wyatt at Admiralty House.
 Melwood Park is a historic home located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick structure with Georgian details. As of 2009 it is undergoing an extensive restoration. This unique dwelling was visited by George Washington on several occasions and the British Army camped here during their march to Washington D.C.
 The Monroe Center Historic District is a 120-acre (49 ha) historic district in Monroe Connecticut with significance dating to 1762. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It includes about 60 significant buildings including Federal style St. Peters Church at the south end of the Monroe Center green.
 First Evangelical Reformed Church (Swiss Colony Church) is a historic church at KY 80 in Bernstadt Kentucky.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Howard County Circuit Courthouse is located at 8360 Court Avenue in Ellicott City Maryland. The courthouse houses the chambers and courtrooms for the 5 judges of the Circuit Court for Howard County as well as the clerk's offices jurors' assembly room the law library and masters' offices.
 't Brouwerskolkje was a restaurant located in Overveen Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2006-2008 and two Michelin stars in the period 2009–2012. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.0 out of 20 points.Head chef was Moshik Roth.Restaurant 't Brouwerskolkje was a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.The restaurant closed 14 April 2012. Its successor opened in August as &samhoud places in Amsterdam.
 Club Gascon is a French restaurant located in London England. As of 2013 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide. The French restaurant was opened by Pascal Aussignac and Vincent Labeyrie in September 1998 and serves French cuisine. In addition to its Michelin star it has also won two Catey Awards.
 Hayward City Hall is the third and current Hayward city hall building located in downtown Hayward California USA. next to the Hayward BART Station. The city hall opened in January 1998 replacing the abandoned City Center Building which served as Hayward's city hall for 29 years from 1969 to 1998. Hayward's first city hall which is also closed to the public is now in the Alex Giualini Plaza three blocks away.
 Heinitzburg (originally Heynitzburg Heinitz' castle) is one of the three castles in Windhoek Namibia. It was built in 1914 by architect Wilhelm Sander.Sander originally built the castle for himself but sold it in 1916 to Hans Bogislav Graf von Schwerin who named the castle Heynitzburg after his wife Margarete's birth name von Heynitz.Heinitzburg is used today as a restaurant and hotel.
 Leis Block is a historic commercial building located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1902 and is a three story wood frame structure. Renovations between 1910 and 1914 that added the current brick front resulted in four full apartments each containing a central inset sleeping porch. The storefronts once were occupied by Henry Leis's piano and music store and Earl Finegan's pharmacy.
 Kaunas Cathedral Basilica (Lithuanian: Kauno Šv. apaštalų Petro ir Povilo arkikatedra bazilika) is a Roman Catholic cathedral basilica in Kaunas Lithuania. The exact date when the first Gothic style church dedicated to apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul was built is unknown but it was first mentioned in written sources in 1413. The first parochial school in Kaunas at the St. Peter and St. Paul church was mentioned in 1473. The construction works were concluded only in 1624.
 Mount Pleasant is a historic estate house at 15 Bracebridge Road in Newton Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1856 by Roswell Turner a major land owner and real estate developer in the Newton Centre area. It is a well preserved example of the academic Italianate style with a three-bay facade and hip roof with a small gable over the centered entry and a three story turret. The property was owned for many of the later years of the 19th century by Charles S.
 The Crystal Cove Historic District is a part of the Crystal Cove State Park located in Newport Beach California. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places encompassing 12.3 acres (50000 m2) along the Southern California coast. It was listed on the National Register not only because of its significance but also because of the 48 cottages located there which were built in the 1920s and 1930s.
 Phillips Folly is a 2 1⁄2-story painted brick house in Maysville Kentucky. The architecture displays a blend of styles which may be explained in part by the six-year construction period. The Sutton Street entrances are Federal windows are typically Greek Revival in their size and the two-tiered portico and the segmental dormers reflect a Georgian influence. The portico and Doric frieze are similar to Drayton Hall (1738–42) near Charleston South Carolina.
 Ezra T. Phelps Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Marion in Wayne County New York. The property includes the farmhouse a timber framed barn and brick smokehouse. The farmhouse was built prior to 1843 and is a front gabeled Greek Revival structure with side and back wings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Nathan A. Woodworth House is located in New London Connecticut. The house was built in 1890 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 1 1982.
 The First United Methodist Church is a historic church building at 204 S. Main in Hamburg Arkansas. The brick Gothic Revival building was built in 1910 for Hamburg's first organized congregation founded in 1850 which had previously met in a wood frame building on the same site. It was designed by the Nolley Brothers who owned a local brickyard and was based on Gothic Revival designs one of them observed at the St. Louis World's Fair.
 The 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge Mount Beacon Incline Railway was a popular tourist attraction in Beacon New York USA and the neighboring Town of Fishkill. It operated for much of the 20th century providing sweeping views of the Hudson Valley and efforts continue to restore it today.The Otis Elevator Company and Mohawk Construction opened the railway on Memorial Day 1902. Sixty thousand fares were sold in its first year; two decades later that had almost doubled.
 The Chedworth Roman Villa is a Roman villa located at Chedworth Gloucestershire England. It is one of the largest Roman villas in Britain. The villa was built in phases from the early 2nd century to the 4th century with the 4th century construction transforming the building into an elite dwelling arranged around three sides of a courtyard.
 The FC Barcelona museum (Catalan: FC Barcelona Museu) was inaugurated on 24 September 1984 under the presidency of Josep Lluís Nuñez. In 2000 the museum was renamed President Nuñez museum under the presidency of his successor Joan Gaspart. On 15 June 2010 the museum was reopened after a long restructuring.The restructuring saw the museum split in three separate sections with a 3D cinema audiovisual touch-screen and information on the history of FC Barcelona.
 The Marion Hotel is a historic hotel in Ocala Florida United States. It is located at 108 North Magnolia Avenue. On October 16 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Pickens Hall was a vaudeville venue at Heuvelton in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1858 and is a three story rectangular stone building 65 feet wide and 74 feet deep. It is an Italianate style building with commercial space on the first floor and office/storage rooms on the second floor.
 The Huldah Gates (Hebrew: שערי חולדה‎ Shaarei Chulda) are the two sets of now-blocked gates in the Southern Wall of the Temple Mount situated in Jerusalem's Old City. The western set is a double arched gate (the double gate) and the eastern is a triple arched gate (the triple gate).
 Rialto Theatre also known as the Miller and Washington Block is a historic commercial block and theatre located at Monticello in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1921 and the theatre was developed as part of a commercial block which incorporated three storefronts and a restaurant occupying the entire second floor. The block is two stories tall and a broad six bays wide constructed of brick. The theatre auditorium extended 136 feet to the rear and constructed of parged concrete.
 The United States Penitentiary Allenwood (USP Allenwood) is a high-security United States federal prison in Pennsylvania. It is part of the Allenwood Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Allenwood) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCC Allenwood is located approximately 75 miles (121 km) north of Harrisburg Pennsylvania the state capital.
 The Henry Kahl House is an historic house located on a bluff overlooking the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Garden State Discovery Museum is a children's museum located in Cherry Hill New Jersey.
 Onota was a village in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It was located on the Grand Island Bay of Lake Superior near the present-day community of Christmas about five miles (8 km) west of Munising in Alger County. The site of Onota is within the Bay Furnace Campground and Picnic Area of the Hiawatha National Forest. The remains of Bay Furnace a blast furnace used for smelting iron is the only extant remnat of the town.
 Bland House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 17 1985.
 The John Aborn House is an historic house at 41 Orchard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The house was built in 1846 by Joshua Fernald and was one of the first Italianate style houses in Cambridge. The house has decorative brackets in its eaves and its windows have bracketed lintels.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hazleton Abbey was an abbey in Gloucestershire England.
 Pine Mountain Settlement School is located on Pine Mountain in Harlan County Kentucky. The settlement school focuses on Appalachian and environmental education.
 The E. Merritt Cole House is a historic house at 386 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was built in the early 1800s by Jacob Edwards and acquired its present Gothic Revival appearance as the result of a renovation between 1855 and 1878. This work was done for E. Merritt Cole treasurer and a founding shareholder of the American Optical Company a major local employer.
 The Sniffen Court Historic District is one of New York City's smallest historic districts created on June 21 1966 by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission. Sniffen Court named after John Sniffen a local builder is a small close-ended mews that runs perpendicularly southwest off of East 36th Street between Third and Lexington Avenues in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan.
 Gravel Hill is a historic plantation home located near Charlotte Court House Charlotte County Virginia. It was built in 1847 and is a two-story three-bay frame dwelling in the Greek Revival style. A two-story frame addition was built in 1912. It features a two-story pedimented Doric order portico.
 The United States Hockey Hall of Fame was established in 1973 with the goal of preserving the rich history of ice hockey in the United States while recognizing the extraordinary contributions of select players coaches administrators officials and teams. It is located in Eveleth an iron mining town outside of Virginia a county seat in northeastern Minnesota.
 The Amasa Day House is a property in Moodus Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Connecticut Landmarks operates the house as a historic house museum that reflects the lives and lifestyles of the families who lived there between 1816 and 1967. It was built or has other significance in 1816 and 1878.It includes Federal architecture in a standard fashion.
 Louisiana Purchase State Park in Arkansas near Blackton Arkansas was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1993 under the title Beginning Point of the Louisiana Purchase Survey. It is the point from which the lands acquired through the Louisiana Purchase of 1803 were subsequently surveyed. A granite marker was dedicated in 1926. The marker is located in a swamp but is accessible by a 950 foot boardwalk.
 The Greek Orthodox Church of the Annunciation also known as the Church of St. Gabriel or St. Gabriel's Greek Orthodox Church is an Eastern Orthodox church in Nazareth Israel.
 Etters Bridge also known as Green Lane Bridge is a historic Pratt truss bridge in Lower Allen Township Cumberland County Pennsylvania and Fairview Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and measures 131-foot-long (40 m) and 18-foot-wide (5.5 m) overall. The wrought iron superstructure was acquired from Dean & Westbrook and the Phoenix Bridge Company. The bridge crosses Yellow Breeches Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Church Inmaculada Conception of Vega Alta is a church built by 1831 on the town plaza of Vega Alta Puerto Rico.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Moskenes Church (Norwegian: Moskenes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Moskenes just north of Sørvågen. The church is part of the Moskenes parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1819 and it seats about 240 people.
 The North Side Historic District is a Registered Historic District in Peoria Illinois United States. The district is located on a terrace at the bank of the Illinois River and is predominantly residential. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 1983. Due to the growth of the city in the 20th century this original North Side is now in the southeastern quadrant of the city.There are 213 contributing properties listed on the registration.
 Park Place is a neighborhood in the western half of Norfolk Virginia. Its boundaries are roughly Church Street on the east Hampton Boulevard on the west the railroad tracks immediately south of 23rd Street on the south and up to (and including the southern half of) 38th Street to the north.
 The Château du Hallier is a castle in the commune of Nibelle in the Loiret département of France.
 The Samuel Brooks House is located on Pleasant Hill Road north of the hamlet of Mountainville in the Town of Cornwall New York United States. It is a cottage in a mix of Victorian architectural styles most notably Carpenter Gothic and Stick Style built around 1860.Its location near Schunemunk Mountain and architecture made it a desirable location for the summer boarders who made Cornwall a popular resort community in the late 19th century. It survives mostly intact today.
 Hadspen house and garden is an estate between Pitcombe and Ansford Somerset.Hadspen House was purchased before 1747 by Vickris Dickinson and then sold in 1767 to Charles Medows and subsequently to John Ford who in 1785 sold it to Henry Hobhouse. His son Arthur was born there and it has remained in the family ever since. It was sold in 2013 with the new owner rumoured to be Johnny Depp.
 St Ceinwen's Church Cerrigceinwen is a former parish church in the countryside of central Anglesey north Wales. The present building dates from 1860 although the site has been used for worship since at least the 7th century. The doorway reuses some old carved gravestones one from the 9th to 11th centuries and another from the 12th century. The church grounds contain a well once thought to have healing properties.
 The Radcliffe Infirmary was a hospital in central Oxford England located at the southern end of Woodstock Road on the western side backing onto Walton Street. The Radcliffe Infirmary named after physician John Radcliffe opened in 1770 and was Oxford's first hospital. It was finally closed in 2007.In 1758 the initial proposals to build a hospital in Oxford were put forward at a meeting of the Radcliffe Trustees who were administering John Radcliffe's estate.
 The Roosevelt Apartment Building is an historic structure located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood in the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. The building is a multiple-family double row-house that was built as a middle-class dwelling. C. Graham & Son designed the Late Victorian building which was completed in 1898. The structure exemplifies apartment building evolution from the vernacular row-house form. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Anshei Minsk (formally Beth Israel Anshei Minsk informally the Minsk) is a synagogue in the Kensington Market neighbourhood Toronto Canada. It was founded by poor Jewish immigrants from Russia (mostly Minsk) in 1912. The current Byzantine Revival building was completed in 1930.The congregation has had only three full-time rabbis: Meyer Levy (1916–1921) Meyer Zimmerman (1940–1954) and Shmuel Spero who has served from 1988 to the present.
 Kanzeon Zen Center is a Zen Buddhist center located in Salt Lake City Utah. It is an affiliate of the White Plum Asanga an association of Zen centers stemming from the tradition of Taizan Maezumi. Currently the Abbot of Kanzeon Zen Center is Dennis Genpo Merzel Roshi and the Vice-Abbot is Rich Taido Christofferson Sensei.
 The Beverly Center is a shopping mall in Los Angeles California United States.
 The City Road Baptist Church (grid reference [1]) is a Baptist church on Upper York Street Stokes Croft in Bristol England.It was built in 1861 by the Gloucester architects James Medland and Alfred William Maberly.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The H. S. Williams House was a historic U.S. home located at 1219 Rockledge Drive Rockledge Florida. Hiram Smith Williams built the house in 1880 after moving to the area in 1874 from Alabama. Williams grew citrus founded Brevard Telephone Company and served as a Florida state senator. The third floor of the home was used as a schoolroom for children becoming one of the first schools in the county. Brevard County purchased the home in 1989 and restored it.
 The Dells Mill is located in Augusta Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 McCarty Memorial Christian Church is a Gothic Revival church of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) located at 4101 West Adams Boulevard in the historic West Adams district of Los Angeles California. McCarty was founded in 1932 as a white congregation and gained attention when it integrated and became a multi-racial congregation in the mid-1950s.
 Palácio de São João Novo is a historic Portuguese Northern Baroque palace in Porto Portugal.
 The Hoosier United Church is a municipal designated historic building located in the former hamlet of Hoosier in the Rural Municipality of Antelope Park Saskatchewan Canada. The Gothic Revival wood building was used for church services from 1916 until 1966 when it was repurposed as a community centre. It remained in use as a community centre until the 1990s.
 Hilite Mall is an upcoming shopping mall in the city of Calicut in the state of Kerala in southern India. Hilite Mall is located in the Pottammal-Kothakulangara-Palazhi Road on the National Highway 66 (NH 66) bypass.
 Curtin House is a six storey Art Nouveau building on Swanston Street in the Melbourne city centre.
 The Virtual Museum of New France (French: Le Musée virtuel de la Nouvelle-France) is an online resource created by the Canadian Museum of History. Its purpose is to share knowledge and raise awareness of the history culture and legacy of early French settlements in North America. The site includes interactive maps photos illustrations and information based on current research into New France.
 The North Grove Street Historic District is located along the north end of that street in Tarrytown New York United States. It consists of five mid-19th century residences on both sides of the street and a carriage barn.
 Church of the Resurrection (Latvian: Augšāmcelšanās Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 4 Klusā Street.
 Pleasant Inn also known as William F. Simmons House is a historic boarding house located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1927 and features a low two-story height; wood frame construction; tiered two-story full facade porches; side stairway leading to upstairs entrance; and rentable rooms for boarders. It also has exposed rafter ends and gable vents.
 The Pittsburg Public Library is a public library in Pittsburg Kansas United States. A part of the Southeast Kansas Library System it circulates a collection of over 70000 items. Its Art Nouveau building was built in 1910 through a donation from Andrew Carnegie. Today the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The James A. Ramage Civil War Museum seeks to tell the untold story of Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky's involvement in the American Civil War. Although there were no major battles set there the people of the area resisted a strong push by the Confederate army in 1862. This museum is set on one of the key locations of that stronghold - Battery Hooper. The museum sits on 17 acres (69000 m2) beautiful with historical passages stories and memorabilia.
 St. Paul Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church in Appleton Wisconsin affiliated with the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 for its architectural significance.
 Radio and Television Broadcasting Centre Jemiołów (RTCN Jemiołów) - is a 314 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV and concrete tower about height 99 meters situated at Jemiołów Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland.This FM and TV centre which was built in years 1960-1962 from funds assembled socially.There is main broadcast station of Lubusz Voivodeship.
 Music City Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Odessa Texas. The mall itself houses over 100 businesses and has the only ice skating facility within 300 miles (480 km). The mall has a gross leasable area of 750000 square feet (70000 m²).The mall also houses the location for CBS affiliate KOSA-TV which moved here after its purchase in 2000. The anchor stores are J.C. Penney Sears Dillard's Burke's Outlet (formerly Bealls) and Burlington Coat Factory (opened in 1985 as Mervyns).
 The Maritsa Hotel (Bulgarian: Хотел Марица) is a Bulgarian four-star hotel located in Plovdiv.
 Hornby Priory was an English Premonstratensian monastic house in Hornby Lancashire. Dedicated to St Wilfrid the priory was a dependent cell of Croxton Abbey in Leicestershire. It was probably founded by Roger de Montbegon of Hornby otherwise his father Adam or grandfather Roger.In 1544 Thomas Stanley 2nd Baron Monteagle and Henry Croft bought the site of Hornby Priory.
 Smock Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin Township and Menallen Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 177 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites 7 contributing structures and 1 contributing object in the coal mining community of Smock. Most of the contributing buildings and structures were built between the 1880s and 1923. They include the extractive and archaeological remains of Colonial Mines No.
 Belleville Avenue Congregational Church is a historic church at 151 Broadway in Newark Essex County New Jersey United StatesIt was built in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Christian Leinenweber House is a house located in Astoria Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1874 by a local businessman named Christian Leinenweber. It is also known as the Otto Gramms House; Gramms and his family owned it from 1916 to 1965.
 The Reproductions Museum Bilbao was created in 1927the purpose of the museum is to compile classic pieces of art for the enjoyment of the local people. Among the works reproduced faithfully from museums like the Louvre Berlin Vatican or British Museum: the Panathenaic Frieze of the Parthenon the Slaves and the Moses of Michelangelo the Venus of Milo the Winged Victory Laocoon the Apoxyomenos Gabies's Diana and Apollo Belvedere among others.
 France Memorial United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 3rd and Cedar Streets in Rawlins Wyoming.The Gothic building was constructed in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Simpsons of Piccadilly is a large retail store situated at 203-206 Piccadilly in central London. It was created by Alexander Simpson and architect Joseph Emberton. When it opened in April 1936 it was the largest menswear store in Britain and is now a Grade I listed building due to its innovative construction. Its original purpose was to house the entire range of clothing provided by the tailoring company S. Simpsons and DAKS.
 The Queen's Gallery is a public art gallery located at Buckingham Palace home of the British monarch in London. It exhibits works of art from the Royal Collection (i.e. those works owned by the Queen in trust for the nation rather than privately) on a rotating basis; about 450 works are on display at any one time.The gallery is located at the west front of the Palace on the site of a chapel bombed during the Second World War and first opened in 1962.
 The Bell House also known as Biggs House is a historic Queen Anne style house in Prattville Alabama. The two-and-a-half-story frame house was completed in 1893. It designed by Alabama architect Frank Lockwood. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 and on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on October 7 1998.
 The Church of Saint Anthony and Saint Clare (Spanish: Iglesia de San Antonio y Santa Clara) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo Uruguay.
 St. Paul's Church and Cemetery is a historic Episcopal church in Paris Hill Oneida County New York. It was built in 1818 and is a rectangular timber framed Federal style structure measuring 36 feet by 50 feet. It features a one stage belfry rising from the roof. Located adjacent is the parish cemetery with burials dating from the early 19ths century to the present day.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The church of St Mary the Virgin is an Anglican parish church in the village of Hanbury Worcestershire. Its earliest parts date from about 1210 and it is a Grade I listed building.The church was the family church for the Vernon family of nearby Hanbury Hall.
 The Fox Island School is a former public school in Fox Island Washington.On 15. July 1987 the National Register of Historic Places listed the building under the reference number 87001167 as a historic building.
 Bucharest Corporate Center also known as the Generali Tower is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 15 floors and a surface of 18000 sqm. The building is owned by the real estate branch of insurance giants Assicurazioni Generali.
 Pilgrim Lutheran Church for the Deaf of Greater Kansas City and Parsonage is a historic site at 3801-3807 Gilham Road in Kansas City MissouriIt was built in 1941 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 MultiCare Health System's Tacoma General Hospital is the largest hospital in Tacoma Washington. It is a level II trauma center with 437 beds and the second largest obstetrical care center in the state of Washington. Tacoma General began serving patients in 1882. The hospital is owned and operated by MultiCare Health System a Tacoma-based not-for-profit integrated health organization.
 The Feathertick Inn is a designated historic building located in the Rural Municipality of Estevan No. 5 Saskatchewan Canada. The property contains a three story building in a Queen Anne Revival style made of wood. The home was frequently visited by W. O. Mitchell who was a relative of the Adolphes family that lived in the home from 1930 until the 1980s.
 The Koch Family Children's Museum of Evansville is an interactive children's museum in Evansville Indiana USA. The museum educates and inspires children about the world. Exhibits include deconstructing objects a water exhibit that spans multiple floors experiences about the human body and its senses and a gallery for freedom of expression.Built inside the historic old Central Library the museum opened in September 2006.
 Kandy City Centre is a 10 storied commercial & shopping complex which is located in Kandy Sri Lanka near the Temple of Tooth Relic. The construction started in 1993 and it was opened in 2005. The total project cost Rs.4.7 Billion.Under the management of Thusitha Wijayasena and the ownership of the PFIK the complex is one of the most successful projects in Sri Lanka.
 The Episcopal presence in CanandaiguaNew York begins about 1799 with the St. Matthew Society a missionary group. St. John's Episcopal Church was organized in 1814 and first met in the Ontario County New York Court House in Canandaigua. St. John's erected a wooden church building in 1816. Bishop John Henry Hobart consecrated it that year. The brick rectory was constructed alongside the church in 1851. Steady congregational growth necessitated more space.
 Nissly Swiss Chocolate Company is a historic factory complex located at Mount Joy Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The complex includes two contributing buildings. They are the three-story three bay by six bay factory building and the one-story four bay by three bay L-shaped boiler room building. The buildings were both built in 1920. It was used to produce milk chocolates until 1929.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Mbankomo academic & sports centre is the center of excellence football of Confederation of African Football in Cameroon. Operational since 1998. The center with international standards is located in the village of Mbankomo (25 km from Yaoundé on the road Yaoundé-Douala).The center is a quiet area in the equatorial forest. It has modern facilities and is appropriate for concentration.It is a gathering place for Indomitable Lions for home games.
 Morristown Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Morristown in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built about 1824 and is a one story small rectangular gable roofed limestone building. It was used as a school until 1877 then was village hall from 1899 and 1910. In 1976 it was renovated as a schoolhouse museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Bedford Veterans Affairs Medical Center also known as the Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital is a medical facility of the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) at 200 Springs Road in Bedford Massachusetts. Its campus once consisted of about 276 acres (112 ha) of land which had by 2012 been reduced to 179 acres (72 ha). The hospital was opened in 1928 to treat neuropsychiatric patients but now provides a wider array of medical services.
 SOMOSO General Hospital is a privately owned level 2 Secondary facility and multi-specialty hospital located in Panabo City Philippines. It was founded in 1975 as Clinica Somoso by Doctors’ Caesar and Anita Somoso and grew from just a family clinic into a first established hospital in Panabo City.
 Augustus Howland House is a historic home located at Sherwood in Cayuga County New York. It is an Italianate style dwelling built about 1850. It is a 2 1⁄2-story six bays wide and three bays deep heavy timber frame dwelling topped by a low pitched hipped roof. It is sheathed in clapboard and features a two bay wide front pavilion.
 Red Cross War Memorial Children's Hospital in Cape Town South Africa was opened in 1956 through public subscription as a memorial to soldiers lost in the Second World War. The suggestion that the memorial take the form of a children's hospital was proposed by Vyvyan U.T. Watson. Mr Watson a prominent businessman had lost his first born and only son Peter Tennant Watson at about four years old to an outbreak of diphtheria in Cape Town.
 Holy Trinity Church Wysall is a parish church in the Church of England in Wysall.
 Saint Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 217 West Twenty-sixth in Bryan Texas.The Late Gothic Revival style church building was constructed in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Levi Ball House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a transitional Federal / Greek Revival style frame house built about 1840. The house is a two story five bay center hall structure. Also on the property is a contributing group of farm buildings including a late 19th-century barn with silo a chicken house a garage and a small shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pevcheskaya Tower (Russian: Певческая башня) is a water tower in Pushkin near St. Petersburg (Russia). The tower was constructed based on the project of architect A. Vidov as one of two towers of the Taitsky waterpipe. In addition to the basic function as a water tower the first power station in Russia also operated there since the tower's construction.
 The Philadelphia Premium Outlets is an 553000-square-foot (51400 m2) open-air outlet mall located in Limerick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania 35 miles northwest of Philadelphia. It is located off an interchange of U.S. Route 422 near the Limerick Nuclear Power Plant. It is owned by the Premium Outlets division of Simon Property Group.
 McChord Field Historic District is a historic district located within the McChord Air Force Base in Pierce County Washington. The base is located at the base of Puget Sound. The 31 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures included in the district all date to the establishment of McChord Field and its role in World War II. Additionally the district is significant for its architecture representative of the period from 1938 through 1952.
 The McGurk Cabin in Yosemite National Park was the seasonal home of Yosemite cattleman Jack McGurk from 1895 to 1897. Located on the edge of McGurk's Meadow just to the north of the Glacier Point Road the cabin was used by a series of owners beginning with Hugh Davanay from whom McGurk bought the property in 1895. McGurk was evicted by the Army in 1897 after a dispute over title to the land.
 The Henegar Center is a historic U.S. building located at 625 East New Haven Avenue Melbourne Florida. Built in 1919 it is one of Brevard County’s oldest public buildings. On March 12 1963 the building received its name in honor of Ruth Henegar a long-time teacher and principal at the school that used the building at the time. The building now serves as The Henegar Center for the Arts.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 446 Church Street in Wrangell Alaska. Its frame vernacular style church was built as the People's Church in 1903 by a Presbyterian congregation of Alaskan Natives under the direction of its minister the Rev. Harry Prosper Corser. In 1905 the Rev. Mr. Corser and many of his congregation were received into the Episcopal Church by the Rt. Rev. Peter Trimble Rowe the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alaska.
 Hunter's Mill Complex also known as Rush's Mill is a historic grist mill complex located on a rise above Perkiomen Creek in Hereford Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of a three-story mill built about 1792-1793; 2 1/2-story five bay Federal style stone dwelling built in 1794 mid-19th century stone and frame Pennsylvania bank barn; two 1 1/2-story stone summer kitchens; and a late-18th century stone walled garden. The mill measures 45 feet by 36 feet.
 The CCTV Headquarters is a 234 m (768 ft) 44-storey skyscraper on East Third Ring Road Guanghua Road in the Beijing Central Business District (CBD). The tower serves as headquarters for China Central Television (CCTV) that was formerly at the China Central Television Building located at 11 Fuxin Road some 15 km (9.3 mi) to the west. Groundbreaking took place on June 1 2004 and the building's facade was completed in January 2008.
 The Power Building is a historic commercial building in the downtown of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1903 it was designed by Harry Hake. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 5 1999. One week later a group of buildings in the northeastern section of downtown was named a historic district the Cincinnati East Manufacturing and Warehouse District; the Power Building is one of the district's contributing properties.
 The Brandon Village Hall and Library is located in Brandon Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Cupola House in Edenton North Carolina is an architecturally significant building featuring a cupola. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.The house is 2.5 stories and was originally situated on a very spacious lot extending to the Edenton Bay. The property was owned by a succession of merchants including Richard Sanderson a shipowner.
 Lower Huxley Hall is a moated manor house in Cheshire England located about 6.5 miles (10 km) southeast of Chester. It lies roughly halfway between the villages of Huxley (to the southeast) and Hargrave (to the southwest) It dates from the late 15th century with major additions and alterations in the 17th century. A small addition was made to the rear in the 19th century. It was originally a courtyard house but only two wings remain.
 St. Matthew's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 5 Chapel Road in Barrington Rhode Island. It is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island.The church was founded in the late nineteenth century and built in a Queen Anne Gothic Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 North Wales is a historic plantation and national historic district located in Fauquier County Virginia near Warrenton Virginia. Currently it is a 1287.9-acre (521.2 ha) historic district that includes a manor home and farm. A date of significance for the site is 1776. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.The listed area includes work by Arthur Little and other architects and/or builders.
 The Pied-du-Courant Prison is a building in Montreal Quebec near the Saint Lawrence River and the Jacques-Cartier Bridge.
 Castle Loevestein (Slot Loevestein in Dutch) is a medieval castle built by the knight Dirc Loef van Horne (hence Loef's stein ((stone)) house) between 1357 and 1397.Until the Second World War Loevestein Castle was part of the Nieuwe Hollandse Waterlinie the main Dutch defense line that was based on flooding an area of land south and east of the western provinces. Currently the castle is used as a medieval museum and function centre.
 The Ricardo Brennand Institute (in Portuguese Instituto Ricardo Brennand IRB) is a cultural institution located in the city of Recife Brazil. It is a not-for-profit private organization inaugurated in 2002 by the Brazilian collector and businessman Ricardo Brennand.
 The Hastings High School is an historic public high school in the St. Johns County School District. It is located at 6195 South Main Street in Hastings Florida in southwest St. Johns County Florida.
 McBean Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built between 1915 and 1925 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame structure on a fieldstone foundation. It is topped by a hipped roof with two hip-roofed dormers in the Colonial Revival style. It has American Craftsman details such as a cobblestone chimney flared eaves and wide overhangs with exposed rafters.
 The St. Mary's Academy also known as St. Mary's High School is a historic three-story school built in 1909 in Devils Lake North Dakota United States. It was designed by the Hancock Brothers in Classical Revival style. the building's exterior facade is constructed from buff brick light mottled Hebron North Dakota brick cut granite and Kettle River sandstone. The facility operated as a Catholic boarding school from 1909 until the 1950s.
 The Lenoir Store built in 1869 is an historic general store building located at 3240 Horatio Road in the High Hills of Santee community of Horatio South Carolina. It stands on the same site where the Lenoir family has operated a general store since before 1808 and is the oldest business establishment in Sumter County. Since 1900 it has served as the post office for Horatio Zip Code 29062. On July 3 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Alfred Paull House is an historic house at 467 Weir Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The LeClaire Apartments is a historic apartment building in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 3013 through 3015 San Carlos Street. It was designed by Tampa architect Fred J. James. On November 16 1988 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Hope Church is an Evangelical church in Richmond Virginia. Dr. David Dwight is the Senior Pastor. It is a member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church (United States) within the Mid-Atlantic Presbytery.
 The Bull Hotel was a historical hotel located at 68 Trumpington Street Cambridge England next to the St Catharine's College.The four storey hotel was built in 1828 and occupies the site of an inn previously known as the Black Bull which was in existence as early as Edward V's reign. The Black Bull was bequeathed to St. Catharine's in 1626 and rebuilt in 1828 and opened as a hotel.
 Buffalo City Hall is the seat for municipal government in the City of Buffalo New York. Located at 65 Niagara Square the 32 story Art Deco building was completed in 1931 by Dietel Wade & Jones.At 378 ft (115.2 m) height or 398 feet (121.3 m) from the street to the tip of the tower it is one of the largest and tallest municipal buildings in the United States of America and is also one of the tallest buildings in Western New York.
 Węgierki Palace - historic palace in Węgierki (Września County Poland). Since 1974 national heritage site (Polish: zabytek).The palace was built in the second half of the 19th century (around 1890) and has elements of neoclassical architecture. This building housed a library and a school. Today the building is divided into apartments. During 2011 and 2012 a renovation of the palace's facade was carried out.There was a natural park with an area of about 3.06 ha established in the 19th century.
 The Longyear Hall of Pedagogy (also known as just Longyear Hall) was an academic building located on Presque Isle Avenue on the campus of Northern Michigan University in Marquette Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1972 as part of the Kaye Hall Complex and individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 but was demolished in 1993.
 Salisbury House in Des Moines Iowa is a Tudor Gothic and Carolean style manor home. It was built by cosmetic magnate Carl Weeks and his wife Edith Van Slyke Weeks between 1923 and 1928. Salisbury House was modeled after the King's House in Salisbury England contains 42 rooms and measures just over 22000 square feet (2000 m2). The property is owned and operated by the Salisbury House Foundation and is open to the public for tours public events and private rentals.
 Herbert and Katherine Jacobs First House commonly referred to as Jacobs I is a single family home located in Madison Wisconsin. Designed by noted American architect Frank Lloyd Wright it was constructed in 1937 and is considered by most to be the first Usonian home.
 Colwell Cut Viaduct also known as Hogback Hill Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Mahoning Township in Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1922 and is a 220-foot-long (67 m) three-span bridge with a 128-foot-long (39 m) main span. It crosses the Pittsburg and Shawmut Railroad.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Gallupville House also known as Old Hall is a historic hotel located at Gallupville in Schoharie County New York. It was built in 1872 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame building with a 1-story porch on the front and a 2-story addition in the rear dated to 1890. It features a hipped tin roof crowned by a large square cupola. It was used as a hotel into the 1920s when it was converted to the I.O.O.F. Hall.
 The Church of St Bartholomew is a church on Brinklow Road in Binley in the City of Coventry in the West Midlands of England. The building is grade I listed though churches in ecclesiastical use are exempt from listed building procedures. The church was built between 1771 and 1773 for the Earl of Craven of nearby Coombe Abbey.
 The Taj Mahal Hotel is a 5-star luxury hotel in Delhi India. Located in Luyten’s Delhi towards the southwest of India Gate the 11 storey hotel is a fine example of Mughal architecture in the city and is constructed out of pink Dholpur sandstone and is set amidst lush green gardens. The hotel has 300 luxury rooms with 27 deluxe suites. The hotel has been awarded by the American Academy of Hospitality.
 Log Cabin Church is a historic non-denominational church at 408 Progress Road in Progress Fulton County New York. It was built in 1937 and is a 26 feet deep by 18 feet wide log structure constructed of white poplar logs laid horizontally. Also on the property is a privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Harran Church (Norwegian: Harran kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Harran. The church is part of the Harran parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1874 to replace the old Gløshaug Church which was getting to be too small and in need of repair. This church was designed by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
 Carlos Avery Game Farm also known as Carlos Avery Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife management area in Anoka and Chisago counties in Minnesota United States. The refuge with its complex of 11 buildings is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Mosque of the Hair of the Prophet also known as Jame Mui Mobarak is a mosque near the Kabul Bazaar in the city of Kandahar Afghanistan. The mosque was built in the 19th century by Kohendil Khan. A canal runs through the mosque's shaded courtyard. At one point there was a traveler's rest house there.The hair of Muhammed contained in the mosque was brought to Kandahar at the same time that the cloak of Muhammed was brought to the Mosque of the Cloak of the Prophet Mohammed.
 Trimmer Hill is a historic Queen Anne style house at 230 6th St. in Pacific Grove California that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1893.It was built for medical Dr. Oliver Smith Trimmer first mayor of Pacific Grove and mayor for 20 years.
 St. John's Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex at 136 Main Street in Delhi Delaware County New York. The complex consists of the church / chapel parish house rectory rectory garage connecting stairway and site of the 1831 church. The centerpiece is the 1887-1888 Richardsonian Romanesque style Sheldon Memorial Chapel.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Church of St. Martin-in-the-Fields is a parish of the Anglican Diocese of Toronto in the Anglican Church of Canada. It is located within the Anglo-Catholic tradition.
 The J. Clarence Kind House at 751 Marsh Ave. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic Tudor Revival-style house that was built in 1934. Also known as the William Forman Home it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2005.It is a large 3700-foot (1100 m) house.
 Riverview Plantation is a historic home located near Williamsburg James City County Virginia. The house dates to the 1850s and consists of a 2 1/2-story five bay center section flanked by 1-1/2 story end additions of 1913-1914. It has a gable roof with dormers. The interior of the frame dwelling features Federal and Greek Revival design details. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse (c. 1942) tenant house (c.
 National and Providence Worsted Mills are historic mills located at 166 Valley Street in Providence Rhode Island.The mills were built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Bardo National Museum (in French: Musée national du Bardo; in Arabic: المتحف الوطني بباردو) is a museum located in Tunis Tunisia.
 Peck-Crim-Chesser House is a historic home located at Philippi Barbour County West Virginia USA. It was built in 1884 and is a large two story red brick house on a limestone foundation. It features highly pitched multiple gables and tall chimneys with corbeled caps.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Palmer Park Mall is an indoor one-story shopping mall of 457734 square feet (42524.9 m2) located in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania in the United States. The mall is located at the intersection of PA Route 248 (Nazareth Road) and Park Avenue in Palmer Township Northampton County.The mall has over 50 stores and is anchored by Boscov's 192110 square feet (17848 m2) and The Bon-Ton 122125 square feet (11345.8 m2).
 The Godey Lime Kilns also known as Washington Lime Kilns are an historical industrial building ruin located beside the Rock Creek Parkway near 27th Street and L Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
 The Stuart Randall and Pricilla Kellogg Carswell House is a historic house in Newark Delaware. Built in 1948 it is an unusual example of International style architecture in Delaware. The house was built by Stuart Carswell (1891–1949) and his wife Priscilla (1907–1991). Carswell a Delaware native was a career Army officer who fought in France during World War I.
 The Capital Theater in Ely Nevada was built in 1947 by C.O. Fleming and W.P. Hull. The Capital was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Temple Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Conservative synagogue located on Temple Drive in Port Washington New York. Founded in 1933 it is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism and is a Conservative synagogue in Port Washington. It includes a Religious School (grades K-7) Hebrew High School (grades 8-10) and Nursery School (ages 2–5). Its 1960 building was designed by Percival Goodman.Robert E. Fine joined as rabbi in 2007.
 The John Sweek House also known as Willowbrook was a house constructed for the use of John Sweek who incorporated the city of Tualatin Oregon. It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Gold Coast Historic District is a historic neighborhood of Richland Washington. The homes in this neighborhood are Government-designed and prefabricated homes built in 1943 to house workers for the nearby Hanford Nuclear site.
 The Greenville Presbyterian Church is located on NY 32 just north of its intersection with NY 81 in Greenville New York United States. Its three buildings on two acres were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.The church itself was established in 1790 the first non-Dutch church in the Catskill region. Its current building dates to 1860 and is a well-designed late example of the Greek Revival architectural style.
 Port Tobacco Historic District is a national historic district in Port Tobacco Charles County Maryland. It is located along both sides of Chapel Point Road immediately south of Maryland Route 6. It includes five surviving 18th and 19th century buildings; four have been privately restored as single family residences. The fifh was renovated for use as a children's museum.
 Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre is an acute care facility serving Thunder Bay and much of Northwestern Ontario Canada. The hospital has 375 acute care beds. All of its patient rooms are handicapped accessible and the facility is air-conditioned with negative pressure rooms to accommodate those who may be suffering from communicable diseases. The TBRHSC is a leader in providing cancer care.
 Dunster Castle is a former motte and bailey castle now a country house in the village of Dunster Somerset England. The castle lies on the top of a steep hill called the Tor and has been fortified since the late Anglo-Saxon period. After the Norman conquest of England in the 11th century William de Mohun constructed a timber castle on the site as part of the pacification of Somerset.
 The David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House was a private house located at 3339 Canton Center Road near Sheldon in Canton Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The former site of the house is now vacant.
 Grosvenor Place is a skyscraper in George Street Sydney Australia which was designed by renowned architect Harry Seidler.
 The Henderson County Courthouse built in 1913 is an historic 3-story redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building with full basement located at 100 East Tyler Street in Athens Texas. Designed by L. L. Thurman it is unusual for its angled wings. It also has a central cupola which is not seen in most images but there is no rotunda under the cupola. It is Henderson County's fourth courthouse and the second in Athens.
 The V. R. Means House on E. 14th Street in Belton Texas was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 There are four Alexander Grin House Museums. The first one is a house museum in the last place of residence of Russian writer Alexander Grin which was in Stary Krym Crimea Russia. There is another Grin museum in Crimea in the nearby city of Theodosia. There is a third Alexander Grin museum in Russia in Vyatka.In 2010 a fourth museum was opened at the birth place of the writer in Slobodskoy Kirov Oblast in Russia.
 Jesus is Lord Ministries is a large non denominational church located in the neighbourhood of Tower Hill in central Freetown the capital of Sierra Leone. The church is close to the Sierra Leone House of Parliament.The church was founded by the evangelist Christian preacher Sister Dora Dumbuya in 1989 who is still the senior pastor of the church. The church has thousands of followers and the church service is broadcast by several radio stations across Sierra Leone.
 The Church of St. Leo is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 11 East 28th Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues in Manhattan New York City.
 St. John the Evangelist Upper Edmonton is a church in Edmonton and is within the Diocese of London and are under the Bishop of Edmonton The Rt Revd Peter Wheatley. St John is within the Anglo-Catholic of the Church of England and has the Mass at the centre of the Parishes life.
 The William H. Wells House is a private residence located at 2931 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Nicolai–Cake–Olson House is a residence located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Designed by Portland architect Emil Schacht in the Arts and Crafts style it was built in 1905-6. The interior retains much of its historic integrity as the Olsons who owned it from 1925 to 1967 maintained it in its original condition after some early changes.
 Sula Chapel (Norwegian: Sula kapell) is a small church on the island of Sula in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The chapel was built in 1925 on the site of the old church that was on Sula from the 1400s until 1755 when it was moved to the island of Frøya (that church is now the Sletta church). The chapel is located just below the Sula Lighthouse.
 The Samuel Hoffman Jr. House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Stick-Eastlake style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Kehlsteinhaus (in English-speaking countries also known as the Eagle's Nest) is a chalet-style structure erected on a subpeak of the Hoher Göll known as the Kehlstein. It was built as an extension of the Obersalzberg complex erected in the mountains above Berchtesgaden. The Kehlsteinhaus was intended as a 50th birthday present for Adolf Hitler to serve as a retreat and a place for him to entertain visiting dignitaries.
 The Headquarters Building at Lassen Volcanic National Park was built in 1928 in an adapted National Park Service Rustic style.The building served not only as the administration building but as a visitor center and it quickly became too small for the developing park's needs. It was remodeled three times during its first eleven years. In 1932 the west wing was expanded with an addition that included men's and women's bathrooms and an enlargement to the superintendent's office.
 The Knight Block is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The McCormick Distilling Company is an alcoholic beverage distilling and importing company in Weston Missouri. Opened originally by Benjamin J. Holladay in 1856 under the name Holladay Distillery its distillery has been registered in the National Register of Historic Places and has been operating continuously at the same location longer than any other distillery in the United States. In addition to making its own products the company is also an importer of products made elsewhere.
 The Vineyard Life Church Richmond was formed in 2013 as the result of a merger between Richmond Borough Church and The Vineyard Church Richmond. It meets in a 19th-century church located at The Vineyard in Richmond in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames next to St Elizabeth of Portugal Church. The building also houses the Vineyard Community Centre which in turn hosts the Richmond Food Bank The Vineyard Charity Shop and The Basement Door – a music venue for young people.
 The John F. Kilkenny United States Post Office and Courthouse formerly the United States Post Office and Courthouse is a post office and a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon located in Pendleton Oregon. Completed in 1916 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Mary's Church Dublin is a former Church of Ireland building on the corner of Mary Street and Jervis Street Dublin. From the 17th century the church was a place of worship for parishioners on Dublin's north-side before it was closed in 1986. The church has since been deconsecrated and the building is now a pub and restaurant.
 The Anton Hospe Music Warehouse is a building located at 101 S. 10th Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. It was designed by commercial architect George Fisher and built in 1919 for Anton Hospe who began business as a picture framer in 1874 and ultimately expanded to a major wholesale and retail dealer in art and musical instruments. The building was operated as the Hospe Music Warehouse until 1936.The building is now part of the Marriott Omaha Downtown Courtyard hotel.
 River Park Square is a shopping mall and entertainment complex in Spokane Washington. The shopping center was originally opened in 1974. Following years of decline the center was redeveloped in 1999 using public and private funds in an effort to revitalize downtown Spokane. The mall still privately owned by the Cowles family is anchored by AMC Theatres Macy's (formerly The Bon Marché) and Nordstrom.
 Woolmanhill Hospital is a hospital in the centre of Aberdeen Scotland.
 Skowhegan Fire Station is located in Skowhegan Maine. The fire station was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 20 1983.
 Ryōan-ji (Shinjitai: 竜安寺 Kyūjitai: 龍安寺 The Temple of the Dragon at Peace) is a Zen temple located in northwest Kyoto Japan. It belongs to the Myōshin-ji school of the Rinzai branch of Zen Buddhism.
 The Pete French Round Barn located near Burns Oregon United States is a round barn listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The late 19th century barn was owned and constructed by cattle rancher Peter French; French trained horses there during the winter. The barn was listed on the National Register on September 10 1971.
 St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church is an historic church at 86 Hope Street in Providence Rhode Island.It was designed by the noted Irish-born architect Patrick C. Keely.The church was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 First Presbyterian Church of Steele is a historic church at Mitchell Ave. N and First Street in Steele North Dakota.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Harvest Bible Chapel is a non-denominational Evangelical Christian megachurch with seven campuses in the greater Chicago area. It was founded on September 18 1988. James MacDonald was the founding and remains the current the senior pastor. The church has over 13000 attendees at weekend services across all campuses.
 Ebenezeb B. Williams House is at 531 Oak Street in Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1887. It is a Queen Anne style home. This is one of the earliest homes on Oak Street. Mr. Williams was the Mohave County Attorney in the 1880s. This house is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001177.
 Castle Hill or Noow Tlein in Sitka Alaska is a National Historic Landmark and the historical site of Tlingit and Russian forts. Castle Hill is the area of land understood by the Tlingit people to be ceded to the Russian government following the battle of 1804. It is also the location where in 1867 the Russian flag was lowered and the American flag was raised marking the transfer of Alaska to the United States. In 1959 after Alaska was admitted as the 49th U.S.
 The High Street Commercial Block is a miniature historic district in downtown Hamilton Ohio United States. Three buildings compose the block: the old Second National Bank Building the Howell-Sohngen Building and McCrory's.
 The Daylight and Building Component Award is presented annually to an individual or group of individuals who have contributed significantly to the technical social artistic or design-related understanding of daylight. Previous awardees include architects scientists artists and building professionals and the award carries with it a prize of 100000 Euro. The award was established in 1980 and is given by the VELUX Foundation.
 The Isaac Miller House also known as the Miller House is a Classical Revival-style house in St. Joseph Missouri built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Issac Miller House.
 The Cathedral for the Salvation of Romanian People (Catedrala Mântuirii Neamului Românesc) is a Romanian Orthodox cathedral to be built in Bucharest. It will be the patriarchate of the Romanian Orthodox Church. The concept for a new cathedral originated in 1990.Most Eastern Orthodox churches are dedicated to a saint. However the new cathedral will be dedicated to the salvation of the Romanian people.
 The Dalí Theatre and Museum (Catalan: Teatre-Museu Dalí IPA: [teˈatɾə muˈzɛw ðəˈɫi] Spanish: Teatro Museo Dalí) is a museum of the artist Salvador Dalí in his home town of Figueres in Catalonia Spain.
 Sørli Church (Norwegian: Sørli kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørli. The church is part of the Sørli parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was constructed in 1873 and it seats about 250 people. The architect Carl J. Bergstrøm designed the building.
 Elston Hall formerly the Hotel Van Curler is located on Washington Street in the city of Schenectady New York United States. It is a tall brick building constructed in 1925 in the Classical Revival architectural style.Its construction was partially financed by local employers General Electric and the American Locomotive Company which needed space for new workers to live and wanted an architecturally distinctive building comparable with large city hotels of the era.
 One Worldwide Plaza is part of a three-building mixed-use commercial and residential complex completed in 1989 in the New York City borough of Manhattan known collectively as Worldwide Plaza. One Worldwide Plaza is a commercial office tower on Eighth Avenue. Two Worldwide Plaza is a residential condominium tower west of the center of the block and Three Worldwide Plaza is a low-rise condominium residential building with street level stores on Ninth Avenue to the west of the towers.
 101 Clarendon Street also known as Columbus Center was a proposed skyscraper planned for Boston Massachusetts. If completed it would have stood as the 25th-tallest building in Boston. Continuing on the trend established by the Prudential Tower in 1964 the completed building would have concealed more of the Massachusetts Turnpike (I-90) by utilizing air rights above it.
 The Horse Valley Ranch near Littlefield Arizona which has also been known as Waring Ranch dates from 1916. A 28.5-acre (11.5 ha) area of the ranch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The listing included two contributing buildings two other contributing structures and a contributing site.
 Porter Medical Center also known as Porter Hospital was dedicated on June 15 1925 and is located at 115 Porter Drive Middlebury Vermont.
 Church of Christ (Latvian: Kristus Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia under the episcopal authority of the Archbishop of Riga. The location where the church meets is situated at the address 1 Mēness Street.
 Borderland is a Massachusetts state park located in the towns of Easton and Sharon. The 1782-acre (721 ha) park is operated by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation. An appointed Advisory Council participates in policy decision-making. The area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Borderland Historic District in 1997.
 Reading Hardware Company also known as The Hardware is a historic factory complex and national historic district located in Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. The district includes five contributing buildings along with the previously listed Reading Hardware Company Butt Works. They include brick and heavy timber frame buildings dated to the late-19th century and early-20th century reinforced concrete buildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Building was built in 1928 and for many years housed one of the city's most successful African American-owned businesses the Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company. The building was designed by James H. Garrott and Louis Blodgett in the Mission Revival style. It is located in the heart of the city's Central Avenue commercial district that was a center of the jazz world in the 1930s and 1940s.
 The Ontonagon County Courthouse is a government building building located at 601 Trap Street in Ontonagon Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Turnpike House was a historic house at 314 Broadway in Methuen Massachusetts. The house was built in 1805 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The original building no longer exists; it was razed after being abandoned for many years.
 Holland Road Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Built in 1887 to replace a temporary building on the same site which had in turn superseded the congregation's previous meeting place in a nearby gymnasium it expanded to take in nearby buildings and is a landmark on Holland Road a main north–south route in Hove.
 The longwave transmitter Raszyn is a longwave broadcasting transmitter near Raszyn Poland. It was built in 1949. The designer of the mast is unknown. It has been claimed that it was built of sections from radio mast of former Deutschlandsender Herzberg/Elster; however there is no proof of this theory.
 The Church of Saint Sava (Serbian: Храм светог Саве/Hram svetog Save) is a Serbian Orthodox church located on the Vračar plateau Belgrade Serbia. It is the largest Orthodox church in the world and ranks amongst the ten largest church buildings in the world. The church is dedicated to Saint Sava the founder of the Serbian Orthodox Church and an important figure in medieval Serbia.
 The Norris Madison and Fishing Bridge Museums is a conglomeration of three separate trailside museums within Yellowstone National Park which together make up one National Historic Landmark of the United States.The three elements are the Norris Museum the Madison Museum and the Fishing Bridge Museum. The Madison and Norris Museums are separated by a distance of 14 miles (23 km) while the Fishing Bridge Museum is more than 40 miles (64 km) away from the other two by road.
 Cornwall Furnace is located near Cedar Bluff Alabama in Cherokee County. It was built by the Noble Brothers to supply iron products to the Confederate States of America during the United States' Civil War. The Noble Brothers operated an iron foundry in Rome Georgia and the Confederate State of America provided the financing to build the furnace. The Noble Brothers signed a contract with the government in August 1862 and construction of the furnace began shortly thereafter.
 Rhodes Twenty Four is a quality restaurant located in the City of London. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide. Run by celebrity chef Gary Rhodes the restaurant is on the 24th floor of Tower 42 formerly known as the Natwest Tower.
 The Elisha Southwick House is an historic house located at 255 Chocolog Road in Uxbridge Massachusetts USA. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Elisha Southwick was a tanner and shoe manufacturer. David L. Southwick was a blacksmith who lived in the house in the late 1800s and built Conestoga wagon wheels.
 The DuPage Theatre and DuPage Shoppes nicknamed The Dupe was a historic movie theater in Lombard Illinois.
 Kenanga Wholesale City is a wholesale shopping mall located in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The mall has been described as Malaysia's first fashion wholesale with sound pollution non-eco friendly mall. The facility is located on a 3.2 acre site is approximately 500000 square feet in size and has 800 lots of retail spaces with a diverse array of shops consumer items and food outlets.
 The Hyatt Regency Dallas is a 345 ft (105 m) 30-story 1120-room hotel at the Reunion district in Dallas Texas. It was featured in the opening credits of the television series Dallas for the show's entire run from 1978 until 1991. The building is connected to Union Station and Reunion Tower the city's landmark observation tower. The Y-shaped building has an atrium on the south side. A low rise ballroom with 32000 square feet (3000 m2) was added in 1998.
 Picasso is a two Michelin star restaurant run by chef Julian Serrano in Las Vegas Nevada United States. The name is derived from the artist Pablo Picasso and features the artist's paintings throughout the restaurant. The restaurant is known for its reinvention and interpretation of French and Spanish Cuisine.
 Porter House also known as Porter Residence in Syracuse New York is a home designed by Ward Wellington Ward. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 for its architecture.
 Herman Simon House is a historic home located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902 and is an Indiana limestone dwelling on a granite base in the French Chateau style. It features a four story semi-circular bay tower and a projecting porch. The rectangular building measures 24 feet wide and 120 feet deep. The building has housed the Easton YWCA since 1930.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 HM Prison Stocken is a Category C men's prison located in the parish of Stretton in the county of Rutland England. Stocken is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Rokeby is an 18th-century house in Ferrisburg Vermont that was a station on the Underground Railroad before the American Civil War. The house was the home for almost 200 years of the Robinson family who were Quaker millers farmers abolitionists authors naturalists and artists.In the 1830s and 1840s Rokeby served as a safe house along the Underground Railroad. Letters from the family of Rowland T.
 Bawaman Mosque (also Bava Man's Masjid) is a mosque in Champaner western India. It is situated on the western side of one of the ancient city's fort gates within the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park of Gujarat.
 The Globe Museum (German: Globenmuseum) in the Palais Mollard Vienna Austria is part of the Austrian National Library. It was opened in 1956 and is the only public museum in the world devoted to globes being three-dimensional models of Earth or other celestial bodies or spherical representations of the celestial sphere.
 The National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians (also known as American Indian Hall of Fame) established in 1952 in Anadarko Oklahoma is part of a complex representing American Indian life. Nearby is Indian City USA (an outdoor ethnographic museum with authentic reconstructions of Native American dwellings and extensive displays of artifacts). The National Hall of Fame has bronze busts mounted outdoors.
 The Church of the Monastery of San Miguel de Bárcena (Spanish: Iglesia del Monasterio de San Miguel) is a church located in Bárcena del Monasterio Tineo Asturias Spain.The current building formerly the church of the Monastery of San Miguel de Bárcena dates from the 13th century. A 16th-century chapel is located on the building's north side. There is a vestry and small domed apsidioles. Part of the building contains Romanesque architecture and another Pre-Romanesque.
 The Highland Towers Apartments in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Senju-ji (専修寺) also known as Takadayama (高田山) is the chief Buddhist temple of the Takada branch of Jōdo Shinshū a Japanese sect of Buddhism. Founded by Shinran in 1226 it was later named an imperial temple (勅願寺 chokuganji).
 Best Endeavor also known as Buena Vista Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Churchville Harford County Maryland. It is a large multi-sectioned mid to late 18th century partially stuccoed stone telescope house. It has two primary sections: the western unit constructed about 1740 is four bays wide and about 1785 a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay side-passage / double parlor block was added against the east gable.
 Stockland Shellharbour (formerly known as Shellharbour Square Shopping Centre) is one of the largest shopping centres in the Illawarra area located on Lake Entrance Road at Shellharbour City Centre approximately 20 km south of Wollongong. It is owned and managed by Stockland a property developer. The shopping centre contains over 220 specialty stores.
 The Children's Art Museum in Taipei (Chinese: 蘇荷兒童美術館; pinyin: Sūhé Értóng Měishùguǎn) is a museum in Shilin District Taipei Taiwan. The museum was established to promote art education for children parents teachers and the general public.
 Foxborough State Hospital is a historic hospital building at the junction of Chestnut and Main Streets in Foxborough Massachusetts.The hospital was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.Redevelopment of the hospital property began in 2005 with one of the largest buildings being torn down to make way for a shopping plaza.
 The Joffre is a 20th-century shipwreck lying in the waters of the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary off Gloucester Massachusetts. She was a schooner built in 1912 in Essex Massachusetts. Active in the Gloucester fishery she first used tub trawls for fishing and was converted to an eastern rig dragger (a type of trawler) and motorized in 1939. She was returning to Gloucester when her engine caught fire on the evening of August 9 1947.
 St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church and Rectory is a historic Roman Catholic church and rectory located at 20 Broad Street in Plattsburgh Clinton County New York. Both structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places as one record in 1982.The imposing masonry church was built in 1874. Cruciform in plan with Gothic Revival pointed arches and buttresses. It features a spired tower surmounted by a stone cross finial.
 The Slack-Comstock-Marshall Farm is a farm in Uniontown Arkansas. Built in 1918 the farmhouse was constructed in the Plain Traditional style and has an uncommon vernacular design. The house was originally built as a small building and was later expanded by adding rooms a common practice at the time. However the Slack-Comstock-Marshall farmhouse is unusual in that it was expanded by a large three-room one-and-one-half story addition with a cross gable roof.
 Hepburn Library is a historic library building located at Norfolk in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1919-1920 and is a T shaped cross gable roofed Georgian Revival style brick building on a full raised basement. It is named for local philanthropist A. Barton Hepburn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 2 New York Plaza is a 40-story office building located at the intersection of Broad and South Streets.Built in 1971 it's construction was given by the architects Kahn & Jacobs. The building is 153 meters high and is located on the east side of the building 1 New York Plaza. It has a modern structural design being along with the 1 New York Plaza the southernmost skyscrapers in Manhattan.
 Coykendall Lodge is a historic home located at Hardenburgh in Ulster County New York. It is located on the shores of Alder Lake in the Balsam Lake State Forest Preserve part of the Catskill Forest Preserve. It was built in 1899 and is a large rambling 2 1⁄2-story half-timber lodge of balloon frame construction.
 Tour Signal was a proposed skyscraper in La Défense and in Puteaux France.Medea and Layetana were the developers with Ateliers Jean Nouvel as architects.West Gate was chosen as the location for the building in order to open the La Défense district to the municipality of Puteaux.
 The Hull's Trace North Huron River Corduroy Segment is a portion of Hull's Trace (also called Hull's Trail) a military road running from Urbana Ohio to Detroit. Hull's Trace was the first military road and first federal road in the United States. This segment the only known extant portion of the Trace contains the remains of a corduroy road and is located at approximately 36000 W Jefferson Avenue in Brownstown Charter Township Michigan.
 Buffalo Gas Light Company Works is a historic gas works located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. After the main gas works structure was razed the West Genesee Street facade was preserved and later incorporated into the headquarters of HealthNow New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Yinxu or Yin Xu (Chinese: 殷墟; pinyin: Yīnxū; literally Yin Ruins; IPA: [ínɕý]) is the site of one of the ancient and major historical capitals of China. It is the source of the archeological discovery of oracle bones and oracle bone script which resulted in the recognition of the earliest known Chinese writing.
 The Albers Brothers Mill is a historic mill and contemporary apartment building located in Tacoma Washington United States. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Roak Block is an historic site at 144-170 Main Street in Auburn Maine.The Second Empire style block was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Alan West Corson Homestead is a historic home located in Whitemarsh Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in three sections between 1734 and 1820. It is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone dwelling six bays wide and two bays deep. It has a 2 1/2-story rear ell. Also on the property is a contributing smoke house. The property was used for one of the earliest area nurseries and a boarding school.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Coca is a Thai hot pot restaurant chain established in 1957. It began as a 20 seats restaurant in Soi Dejo Thailand. The successful business expanded to a 800 seat restaurant in nine years.
 The Château de Gerbéviller is a chateau in the small community of Gerbéviller in Lorraine France.The site has been occupied since at least the 12th century.
 Bay Meeting House and Vestry is a historic meeting house on Upper Bay and Steele Roads in Sanbornton New Hampshire.It was built in 1836 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Christ Church Chatburn is in the village of Chatburn Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Summerville (commonly referred to locally as The Hill) is a large affluent residential area and historic district located northwest of downtown Augusta Georgia. The district is site of the historic homes of John Milledge George Walton and Thomas Cumming.
 The Old Poughkeepsie YMCA is on the west side of Market Street near the corner of Church Street (US 44/NY 55) in Poughkeepsie in New York United States across from the New York State Armory. One of many historic early 20th-century institutional buildings on Market Street the city's main downtown thoroughfare it has a glazed terra-cotta front facade the only building in Poughkeepsie using that material.
 The Havana Water Tower is a historic water tower which stands in Havana Illinois. Built in 1889 and designed by F. William Raider it holds 50000 gallons and was the town's only water supply until 1962. The brick water tower is approximately 86 feet (26 m) tall. It was designated an American Water Landmark by the American Water Works Association in 1982 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It still operates today.
 The Church of Saint Joseph and Saint Maximilian Kolbe (Spanish: Iglesia de San José y San Maximiliano Kolbe) popularly known as Iglesia de los Conventuales (due to its history as a former claustration convent) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo Uruguay.
 Hamningberg Chapel (Norwegian: Hamningberg kapell) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the now-abandoned (uninhabited) village of Hamningberg. The chapel is part of the Båtsfjord parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The small wooden chapel was built in 1949 and it seats about 140 people. It is no longer regularly used since the village is no longer inhabited.
 The Our Lady of Lourdes Church is located in the city of Tiruchirapalli in the state of Tamil Nadu India. The Roman Catholic Basilica is devoted to Our Lady of Lourdes.
 The Ottawa Hospital or L'Hôpital d'Ottawa is a non-profit public university teaching hospital in Ottawa Canada. The hospital is made up of the former Grace Hospital Riverside Hospital Ottawa General Hospital and Ottawa Civic Hospital. It is a 1195-bed academic health sciences centre affiliated with the University of Ottawa Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario and the University of Ottawa Heart Institute.
 The Packard Motor Corporation Building also known as the Press Building is a historic office building located at 317-32 N. Broad Street between Pearl and Wood Streets in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania was built in 1910-11 and was designed by Albert Kahn of the noted Detroit architectural firm of Kahn & Wilby. It is a seven-story steel framed reinforced concrete building – one of the first uses of that material in a commercial building.
 First (Park) Congregational Church is a historic church at 10 E. Park Place NE in Grand Rapids Michigan.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Medieval Merchant's House is a restored late-13th-century building in Southampton Hampshire England. Built in about 1290 by John Fortin a prosperous merchant the house survived many centuries of domestic and commercial use largely intact. German bomb damage in 1940 revealed the medieval interior of the house and in the 1980s it was restored to resemble its initial appearance and placed in the care of English Heritage to be run as a tourist attraction.
 Strašnice Crematorium (in Czech: Krematorium Strašnice) is the largest crematory in Europe in terms of area. President Václav Havel was cremated here. The crematorium was involved in the disposal of those who had been executed by the Nazi and Communist regimes including writer Vladislav Vančura general Josef Mašín politician Milada Horáková and bishop Gorazd of Prague.
 This article is about the Nordic Museum in Stockholm. For the Nordic Museum in the Ballard district of Seattle Washington see Nordic Heritage Museum.The Nordic Museum (Swedish: Nordiska museet) is a museum located on Djurgården an island in central Stockholm Sweden dedicated to the cultural history and ethnography of Sweden from the Early Modern age (which for purposes of Swedish history is said to begin in 1520) until the contemporary period.
 The Union Chapel now known as St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is a historic church located near Glenwood Howard County Maryland United States. It is a rectangular two-story building of stuccoed stone construction completed in 1833. To the rear of the chapel is the attractively landscaped non-sectarian Oak Grove Cemetery. Charles D.
 The Lobkowicz family (Lobkovicové in modern Czech sg. z Lobkovic; Lobkowitz in German) dates back to the 14th century and is one of the oldest Bohemian noble families. The first Lobkowiczs were mentioned as members of the gentry of north-eastern Bohemia.
 O'Connor Hospital is a hospital operated by the Daughters of Charity Health System in San Jose California. It was founded in 1889 and was the first hospital in Santa Clara County California. O'Connor Hospital was built by Judge Myles P. O'Connor and his wife Amanda. The original hospital was built on 15 acres (6.1 ha) of property on the corner of Race Street and West San Carlos Street. The O'Connors were very well known as being benefactors of many charitable organizations.
 Sabilal Muhtadin is the largest mosque in Banjarmasin Indonesia in terms of capacity to accommodate people. The name chosen for this Banjarmasin Sultan Mosque is a tribute and appreciation of the late Grand Scholars Sheikh Muhammad al-Banjary Arsyad (1710 – 1812 AD) who had developed the Islamic religion in the kingdom of Banjar or South Kalimantan region now.
 Arundel Friary was a friary in West Sussex England.
 Winthrow-Melhase Block also known as Stevens Hotel was built in 1906 in Klamath Falls Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 East Lawn Cemetery and Sherman Burbank Memorial Chapel is a historic cemetery and chapel at 605 Main Street in Williamstown Massachusetts. Established in 1842 it is the newest and largest cemetery in Williamstown; the two older cemeteries date to the 18th century. It was established at a time when West Lawn Cemetery (established 1766) was in need of expansion and this site was chosen for the location of a new cemetery.
 H. W. Ambrose House also known as Dunmeade is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built from 1924 to 1926 and is a large two-and-one-half-story cruciform plan brick residence in the Tudor Revival style. It features a steeply-pitched gable roof sheathed in slate. Also on the property are a garage and pool house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Amcorp Mall (abbreviation word for Arab-Malaysian Corporation Mall) is a shopping mall opened in 1998 and situated in Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia.
 The Tanner Farmhouse is a historic residence near Wilmer Alabama United States. Completed in 1886 the one-story house was designed by Joseph A. Fills. Due to its architectural significance it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 20 2008.
 Gov. Charles C. Stratton House is located in Woolwich Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1791 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 29 1973. The house was the home of New Jersey Governor Charles C. Stratton.
 Moti Masjid (Punjabi Urdu: موتی مسجد‎) one of the Pearl Mosques is a 17th-century religious building located inside the Lahore Fort. It is a small white marble structure built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan and is among his prominent extensions (such as Sheesh Mahal and Naulakha pavilion) to the Lahore Fort Complex. The mosque is located on the western side of Lahore Fort closer to Alamgiri Gate the main entrance.
 The J. F. Slater Memorial Museum also known as Slater Memorial Museum is a historic building and an art museum in the Norwich Free Academy in Norwich Connecticut. It is designed in Richardsonian Romanesque architecture and is said to be the finest work of architect Stephen C. Earle.It is a contributing property in the Chelsea Parade Historic District.The museum was presented to the Norwich Free Academy by William A.
 Knight Park-Howell Station also known as Howell Station Historic District or Knight Park Historic District is a historic neighborhood in West Midtown Atlanta Georgia. Almost all buildings in the area were destroyed in the American Civil War in Sherman's March to the Sea so all buildings in the district are newer than 1864. The neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Groningen City Hall is the seat of government in Groningen Netherlands. The city council meets in a modern room downstairs but upstairs in the former raadszaal the Gulden Boek is kept that lists the honored citizens of the town.
 Oud Poelgeest is castle in Oegstgeest north of Leiden that was the former home of the Dutch scientist Herman Boerhaave (1668–1738). He was a Dutch humanist and physician of European fame.
 San Pietro a Ovile is a church in via del Giglio in Siena Italy.Originally built in the 13th century in Romanesque style the church underwent reconstruction in the 18th century. Now only the façade with its bells remain evident from the original church. The entrance portal has and deteriorated frescoes by Rutilio Manetti.
 The African Queen (also known as S/L Livingstone) is the boat used in the 1951 movie The African Queen starring Humprey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn. It is located at 99701 Overseas Highway in Key Largo Florida. On February 18 1992 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The boat was built of riveted sheet iron in 1912 in the United Kingdom for service in Africa on the Victoria Nile and Lake Albert where the movie was filmed in 1950.
 The Nettie Krouse Fourplex in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story multiple dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the American Craftsman style in 1910 it was added to the register in 1989.The four units of the building are entered through separate exterior doors. Each floor has two apartments that are mirror images of one another.
 Ephraim Potter House a historic house and former pest house in Concord Massachusetts is also known as the Pest House a name used in the 18th century to describe a building in which to quarantine those afflicted with communicable diseases such as tuberculosis cholera or smallpox.Located at 153 Fairhaven Road the house was built in 1792 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Old First Reformed Church – officially known as The Reformed Dutch Church of the Town of Breukelen – is a historic Dutch Reformed church at 126 7th Avenue on the corner of Carroll Street in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn New York New York. The congregation was founded in 1654. The current church building was constructed in 1888-1893 and is a Late Gothic Revival style Indiana limestone building on a granite base. It measures 100 feet wide and 162 feet deep.
 The Potter's Wax Museum is located at 31 Orange Street (formerly 1 King Street from 1948 to 1986 17 King Street from 1987 to 2013) St. Augustine Florida United States. It houses over 160 wax sculptures (243 before 1986) covering a wide range of real and fictitious figures including famous politicians entertainers horror characters historical personalities sports stars and other celebrities. George L.
 Anne Arundel Medical Center (AAMC) a regional health system headquartered in Annapolis Maryland serves an area of more than one million people. Founded in 1902 AAMC includes a 380-bed not-for-profit hospital a medical group imaging services a substance use treatment center and health enterprises.
 The U.S. Customhouse (Old Customhouse) and Post Office is located in Wiscasset Maine. Designed by Alfred B. Mullett it was built in 1869-1870 by Wllliam Hogan of Bath and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 25 1970.
 Goleta Depot is a train station building in Goleta California.
 The Joseph Bancroft House is a historic house at 101 Lowell Street in Reading Massachusetts. The Federal style house was built c. 1831-35 by Joseph Bancroft son of a major local landowner. The 2.5 story wood frame house has a central chimney; its most prominent Federalist feature is the front doorway surround which includes pilasters topped by a tall Doric entablature.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Spaulding Block is a historic commercial building on 141-143 Main Street in Webster Massachusetts. One of the oldest commercial buildings in Webster this three story brick building was built in 1866 by Cyrus Spaulding and housed his hardware store. The Webster Times was also an early occupant after its previous home was burned out.
 Oakley Farm located at 11865 Sam Snead Highway (US 220) in Warm Springs Virginia includes the brick house named Oakley that was built starting in 1834 and completed before 1837.The house was expanded and remodeled to Colonial Revival style during 1921-22 according to a design apparently conceived by the Staunton architectural firm T. J. Collins and Sons. It includes Federal and Greek Revival architecture. Oakley Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 E. E. Hutton House also known as The Place Called Hutton is a historic home located at Huttonsville Randolph County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. It was built in 1898 and is a 2½-story cross-shaped residence in the Queen Anne style. It has a hipped and gable roof broken by dormers and a three-story octagonal tower. It features a deep one-story wraparound porch.
 The John F. Cotton Corporate Wellness Center or John F. Cotton Hospital Center for Corporation Wellness formerly known only as the John F. Cotton Hospital (JFCH) is a privately owned hospital located inside the compound of MERALCO a major electric company in the Philippines.Being a private facility it is situated inside the Meralco Center at Ortigas Avenue in Pasig City.
 Armstrong House is a historic home located at Ripley Jackson County West Virginia. It was built about 1848 and is a two-story brick rectangle with a two-story ell (modifiedT) in the Greek Revival style. It is the oldest house in Ripley. The house has been destroyed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Old Queen's is the oldest extant building at Rutgers University and is the symbolic heart of the university's campus in New Brunswick in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States. Rutgers the Eighth-oldest college in the United States and founded in 1766 during the American colonial period as Queen's College a decade before the start of American Revolution.
 Wilson Assembly of God founded in 1922 is one of the oldest churches in the state of Oklahoma affiliated with the Assemblies of God USA. The Assemblies of God began in 1917 in Arkansas. The church has been an integral part of Wilson Oklahoma and the surrounding areas. The Wilson Museum has many articles relating to the ministry and the pastors of this church.
 St Mary-le-Bow /ˌsəntˈmɛəriˈləˈboʊ/ is a historic church in the City of London on the main east-west thoroughfare Cheapside. According to tradition a true Cockney must be born within earshot of the sound of Bow Bells (which refers to this church's bells rather than St Mary and Holy Trinity Bow Road in Bow which until the 19th century was an outlying village).
 The Quaker Meeting-house on Hester and Elizabeth Streets Manhattan New York was a former meetinghouse for the Religious Society of Friends built in 1818. Recorded in 1876 by the New York Express that it “has for a long time been the office of the New York Gas Light Company.” It was presumed demolished.
 The Hilton Waterfront Beach Resort is a 290-room hotel and resort located in Huntington Beach California.
 Fletcher Trust Building officially known as the Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Downtown is a hotel high-rise in Indianapolis Indiana. The building rises 16 floors and 218 feet (66 m) in height and is currently the 22nd-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1915. The Fletcher Trust Building currently is home to an Indianapolis branch of Hilton Garden Inn.Architect Electus D.
 The Humes Ranch cabin was built around the year 1900 by William Humes. William Humes was originally from New York and arrived in the Elwha River area en route to the Klondike. William his brother and a cousin liked the area so much they set up homestead sites. In the early 1940s Herb Crisler settled into the cabin at Humes Ranch with his bride Lois while they filmed wildlife for what became Walt Disney's Olympic Elk film.
 The Samuel Gwinn Plantation is a historic plantation in Lowell West Virginia. The main house was built in circa 1868 although the plantation was begun in the late 18th Century with secondary structures such as the meat curing house dating to the 1770s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 8 1989.
 The Parthenon (Greek: Παρθενών) is a temple on the Athenian Acropolis Greece dedicated to the goddess Athena whom the people of Athens considered their patron. Its construction began in 447 BC when the Athenian Empire was at the height of its power. It was completed in 438 BC although decoration of the building continued until 432 BC. It is the most important surviving building of Classical Greece generally considered the culmination of the development of the Doric order.
 Oak Hill & The Martha Berry Museum is the home and museum about Berry College founder Martha Berry located in Rome Georgia United States. It is also an All-America Selections Display Garden a part of Berry Schools on the National Register of Historic Places and a AAA Star Attraction.
 Náncsi Néni Vendéglője (approximately translated as Aunt Nancy’s Inn) is a Hungarian restaurant located in Budapest noted for its traditional Hungarian cuisine served in a family-friendly setting. The restaurant is located in the leafy Hűvösvölgy neighborhood of the Second District of Budapest roughly 20 minutes from the city center.
 Hopperstad Stave Church (Norwegian: Hopperstad stavkyrkje) is a stave church just outside the village of Vikøyri in Vik Municipality Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The church is currently owned by the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments. The church was once the main parish church for the Vik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. It was replaced by Vik Church in 1877.
 Unadilla Waterworks is a historic waterworks and national historic district located at Unadilla in Otsego County New York. It encompasses one contributing building and 11 contributing structures. It consists of two separate sites that were developed between 1880 and 1891 to supply the village with water for fire protection and domestic use.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Wilson-Lenox House also known as the Marvin Ditmer House is a historic house west of Sidney in Washington Township Shelby County Ohio United States. Built in the Dutch Colonial style the house was built in the 1810s; it was the first brick house in Shelby County.
 Burg Laudegg is a restored castle ruin near Ladis a village in Bezirk Landeck in the state of Tyrol Austria.
 The Alexander Chêne House was a private residence located at 2681 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1986 but subsequently demolished in April 1991.
 HIgher Huxley Hall is a manor house now a luxury 5-star hotel in Cheshire England located about 7 miles southeast of Chester. It lies west of the village of Huxley. Lower Huxley Hall lies less than half a mile to the immediate north of the hall. It dates from at least the 13th century and today has a white facade. Once in the possession of the Cholmondeley family in 1850 it was owned by a Mr. R. Salmon. Howevever in 1896 it was reportedly in the hands of a Mr. Vere Cholmondeley.
 The Entrance Station at Devils Tower National Monument is a log cabin in the National Park Service Rustic style built in 1941. The cabin is based on 1933 plans created by the National Park Service Landscape Division for a now-vanished caretaker's cabin at Aspenglen Campground in Rocky Mountain National Park adapted by NPS architect Howard W. Baker of the Branch of Plans and Design for dual use as an entrance station and as a residence.
 The Wildcat Cafe is a popular summer restaurant in Yellowknife Northwest Territories Canada located in what was then the central business district of the city. It is a vintage log cabin structure and represents the mining camp style of early Yellowknife. The structure is a City of Yellowknife Heritage Building designated in 1992. First opened in 1937 by owners Willie Wylie and Smokey Stout it is said to be the oldest restaurant in Yellowknife.
 The Brentwood Historic District in Phoenix Arizona is a 41.9-acre (17.0 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It includes work dating to 1924. It includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals Modern Movement and other architecture. The listing included 126 contributing buildings.Other names associated with the area include McDowell Heights Brentwood East Brentwood Governor Hunt Wright Davis and Valley of the Sun.
 Bay Ridge United Methodist Church originally known as Grace Methodist Episcopal Church was a historic Methodist church at 7002 Fourth Avenue and Ovington Avenue in Bay Ridge Brooklyn New York New York.It was designed by architect George W. Kramer.It was built in 1899 in the Romanesque Revival style. It was built of green serpentine stone and trimmed in brown stone. It featured a four stage crenelated clock tower.
 St. James' Church Louth is a parish church in the Church of England in Louth Lincolnshire England. It is notable for its tall spire.
 Villa de Chantal Historic District is a historic district located in Rock Island Illinois United States. The property was designated a Rock Island Landmark in 1994 and it was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. Its local landmark status was removed on November 12 2007. The Villa de Chantal was a Catholic girl’s boarding and day school operated by the Sisters of the Visitation.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 813 Market Street in Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1871 and is a two-story three by six bay brick church in the Italianate style. It has a central steeple on the front facade and several rear additions.
 The Church of All Saints is the parish church of Aston cum Aughton in South Yorkshire England. It is a Church of England church in the Diocese of Sheffield. The building is Grade I listed building and dates back the 12th century.
 Vardø Chapel or Steglnes Chapel (Norwegian: Vardø kapell / Steglnes kapell) is a chapel in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located on the western part of the island of Vardøya in the town of Vardø just south of the historic Vardøhus Fortress. The chapel is part of the Vardø parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The small white chapel was built in 1908 at the site of the new parish cemetery.
 Baillieston St Andrew's Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland a member of the Presbyterian Church. The church building is located on the corner of Bredisholm Road and Muirhead Road Baillieston Glasgow Scotland. The church today serves the town of Baillieston.
 Hays Hall was a residence hall at Washington & Jefferson College. The architectural work was performed by Frederick J. Osterling and it was named after President George P. Hays. Construction was completed in 1903 and the new fireproof building was opened to Washington & Jefferson Academy students. Rooms were arranged in a suite style with communal bathrooms on each floor and shower baths on the 5th floor.
 The New Strand Shopping Centre known locally simply as The Strand is the main shopping centre in Bootle Merseyside England.
 The University Museum of Contemporary Art (formerly known as the University Gallery) in a contemporary art museum on the campus of the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The UMCA has been housed in the university's Fine Arts Center since 1975 after the university began collecting works in 1962. The museum's collection of about 2600 pieces from the second half of the 20th century includes 154 photographs taken by Andy Warhol. The UMCA is a member of the Five College Museums10.
 The Green Dragon is a public house and inn located in St Thomas Square Monmouth Wales. The pub provides live music on weekend evenings and during the annual Monmouth Festival the pub is used as a venue for entertainment.
 Charles S. Foos Elementary School also known as Douglass and Weiser School is a historic elementary school building located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903 and was expanded and renovated in 1912. A small addition was built in 1921. It was originally in the Romanesque Revival style but transformed to the Classical Revival style with the renovations. The C-shaped brick building contains 21 classrooms and an auditorium that seats over 200.
 The Protestant church of Jistrum or Saint Peter's church is a medieval religious building in Jistrum Friesland Netherlands. It is a well preserved and complete 13th century Romanesque church built of red brick located in the center of the village on Schoolstraat 2.The church is listed as a Rijksmonument number 35645.
 George Brothers Building is a historic warehouse located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1899 and is a two story three by four bay wood frame building on a low foundation of coursed limestone. It was built of prefabricated galvanized metal sheathing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Azurest South the home and workplace of Amaza Lee Meredith (one of the nation’s first black female architects) is one of the few examples in Virginia USA of the Post World War I German style: International Style. Meredith was the founder of the fine arts department of Virginia State University in 1930. She shared the home with her companion Dr. Edna Meade Colson dean of the Virginia State University School of Education.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Parlamentarium is the visitors' centre of the European Parliament. Located in the Parliament's Espace Léopold complex in Brussels it was officially inaugurated on 14 October 2011 by President of the European Parliament Jerzy Buzek. It contains a permanent exhibition with hundreds of multimedia components explaining the European Parliament and other European Union institutions.
 St. Mark's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Port Leyden in Lewis County New York. It is a frame board and batten sided three by five bay structure built in 1865 in the Gothic Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Blackfoot LDS Tabernacle also known as the Blackfoot Tabernacle or South Blackfoot Stake Tabernacle is a building located in Blackfoot Idaho that formerly served as a tabernacle for large gatherings of members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. The tabernacle was designed by architects Hyrum Pope and Harold W. Burton and completed in 1921. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 University Hospital of Wales (Welsh: Ysbyty Athrofaol Cymru) (UHW) is a major 1000-bed hospital situated in the Heath district of Cardiff Wales. UHW is a teaching hospital of Cardiff University School of Medicine. Constructed between 1963-1971 at a cost of £22 million it was Europe's first fully integrated hospital and medical school. The hospital was officially opened in 1971 and is the third largest University Hospital in the UK and the largest hospital in Wales.
 Molde Cathedral (Norwegian: Molde domkyrkje) is the cathedral of the Diocese of Møre of the Church of Norway. The cathedral is located in the town of Molde in Molde Municipality Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The church is part of the Molde parish and the seat of the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. Designed by Finn Bryn it was completed in 1957 as the third church to be located at the spot. It became a cathedral in 1983 when the Diocese of Møre was created.
 Connely-Holeman House is a historic home located at Pleasantville Venango County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1869 and 1871 and is a large three-story square wood frame building in the Second Empire style. It measures 50 feet by 50 feet and features two projecting bays covered porches with Corinthian order columns and a mansard roof with cast iron cresting. A rear addition was built in 1887.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St Paul's Church Helsby is in the village of Helsby Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Frodsham. Its benefice is combined with that of St Luke Dunham-on-the-Hill.
 Colcord Hotel is a luxury boutique hotel located in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma. The building was finished in 1909 and has been considered Oklahoma City's first skyscraper although less than 50m high. It is 145 feet (44 m) tall and has 14 floors. Originally an office tower developed by Charles Colcord the building was renovated by Coury Properties and reopened as a luxury hotel in 2006.
 The Tenth Street Bridge is a concrete arch bridge in Great Falls Montana spanning the Missouri River. The bridge was designed by engineer Ralph Adams of Spokane Washington and Great Falls architect George Shanley and was completed in 1920. It was the longest open-spandrel ribbed concrete arch bridge in Montana.The construction of a new bridge at Ninth Street in the 1990s made the bridge redundant and it was proposed for demolition.
 The Dearborn Inn a Marriott Hotel is a luxurious historic hotel conceived by Henry Ford who saw a need for food and accommodations for visitors flying into the nearby Ford Airport. It is located in Metro Detroit at 20301 Oakwood Boulevard in the suburban city of Dearborn Michigan near The Henry Ford and Ford Motor Company World Headquarters. Albert Kahn designed the Dearborn Inn in the Georgian architectural style.
 Luton Workhouse was a workhouse situated on Dunstable Road in Luton. Several of the buildings still exist today. Following the introduction of the National Health Service in 1948 the site became St Mary's Hospital and the remaining buildings are now listed and are used as a residential care home for the elderly.
 The Central East Correctional Centre (as known colloquially as the Lindsay Superjail or simply Lindsay) is a medium/maximum security prison located in Lindsay Ontario.
 Independence Museum of Azerbaijan or Istiqlal Museum (Azerbaijani: İstiqlal Muzeyi) – is a museum established on 7 December 1919 in Baku - the capital of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic. H.Mirzajamalov and I.M.Aghaoglu had a great role in creation of the museum. Archeological findings exemplars of rare books objects of numismatics jewelries and etc.
 The Texas Trail Museum was formed in 1986 by a small group of dedicated individuals in a building which was formerly the Power Plant/Fire House for the town of Pine Bluffs.
 Edenton Street United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church in Raleigh North Carolina United States. Edenton Street Church is one of the largest United Methodist Churches in Raleigh and was the first United Methodist Church built in the city. Edenton Street Church is located on Edenton Street in downtown Raleigh. The church is well known for its Orgues Létourneau pipe organ.
 Nicodemus Mill Complex is a historic home and mill complex located at Keedysville Washington County Maryland United States. It consists of a dated 1810 2 1⁄2-story five-bay stone house with a mid-19th-century brick service wing the ruins of a grist mill built about 1829 and an extensive complement of 19th-century domestic and agricultural outbuildings including a stone springhouse stone-end bank barn brick out kitchen frame wash house and a stuccoed stone secondary dwelling.
 Dysart Castle is a castle ruins and property just outside Thomastown in County Kilkenny Ireland. It is best known as the childhood home of George Berkeley the Anglo-Irish philosopher for whom Berkeley California and the Trinity College Dublin Berkeley Library is named. The property is currently privately owned and the castle in urgent need of restoration.Located south of Thomastown the site has held a medieval church the castle and other buildings.
 Carroll County Court House is a historic court house at 20 Courthouse Square in Ossipee New Hampshire.The current courthouse was built in 1916 but there has been a courthouse on the site since 1839. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. The court house building is now maintained by the Ossipee Historical Society as a regional museum and is the subject of a fundraising effort.
 The Former Fire Hall No. 3 is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. With the University of Saskatchewan being built on the east side of the river this enhanced the need for a new fire hall on the east side. Built in 1911 with the latest equipment and both horse drawn and gasoline-powered fire fighting equipment the facility was again modernised in 1926..
 The Alexis Boyer House is a historic house at 306 Hamilton in Southbridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Queen Anne house was built in 1888 for Alexis Boyer a builder and political leader of the sizable French Canadian community in Southbridge. It features elaborate stickwork and a jigsaw-cut bargeboard decoration in the gable ends.
 Pulaski Park is a city park along the Connecticut River in Holyoke Massachusetts. Originally called Prospect Park when it was laid out in 1884 it was given its present name in 1939 in honor of American Revolutionary War hero Casimir Pulaski for whom there is a memorial in the park's center. The original 5.1-acre (2.1 ha) park was designed by the Olmsted Brothers landscape design firm.
 Oudt Leyden is a restaurant located in Leiden in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant turned pancake-restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1957-1979 and 1985-1989.Oudt Leyden is one of the founders of Alliance Gastronomique Neerlandaise. In 1967 owner was S.M. Borgerding.
 The Guernsey County Courthouse is located on U. S. Route 40 in Cambridge Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 1973-07-16.
 Christ Church Alsager is a historic church in the town of Alsager Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.
 The Netherlands Institute for Sound and Vision looks after and provides access to 70% of the Dutch audio-visual heritage. In total around 800000 hours of television radio music and film; making Sound and Vision one of the largest audiovisual archives in Europe.[citation needed]Sound and Vision is the business archive of the national broadcasting corporations a cultural heritage institute (providing access to students and the general public) and also a museum for its visitors.
 Las Vegas City Hall was the center of municipal government for the City of Las Vegas Nevada. It is located downtown with its main entrance on Stewart Avenue. It is cited as an example of 1960s modern architecture. The original eleven-story central tower was completed in 1973. An addition was completed in 2003 which included a three story surround to the central tower.
 St Matthew's Church is an Anglican church in Guildford Western Australia. The church is part of the Anglican Diocese of Perth.Saint Matthew's was the first church to be built in the Swan parish. It was a small octagonal mud-brick church hastily built on land donated by Governor James Stirling on his Woodbridge estate next to where Guildford Grammar School now stands.
 Dilkusha Guest House is a government owned guest house located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It is located adjucent to Raj Bhavan. It is a notified heritage structure in Hyderabad. It is presently used as a state guest house.
 Foster Botanical Garden measuring 13.5 acres (5.5 ha) is one of three botanical gardens located at 50 North Vineyard Boulevard Honolulu Hawaii USA (near Chinatown at the intersection of Nu'uanu avenue and Vineyard Boulevard). Foster is unique in that it is in a highly urban area with strip malls schools and both Buddhist and Methodist religious facilities nearby.The Garden is the oldest botanical garden in Hawaii and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Regal Cinema is an Art deco Movie theater located at Colaba Causeway in Mumbai India. Built by Framji Sidhwa the first film to be aired at the Regal was the Laurel and Hardy work The Devil's Brother in 1933.As per the Limca Book of Records it is the first air conditioned theatre of India.
 Great Bricett Priory was a medieval monastic house in Suffolk England now in use as a Church of England parish church.
 Battleground National Cemetery is a military burial ground located along Georgia Avenue near Fort Stevens in Washington D.C.'s Brightwood neighborhood. The cemetery is managed by the National Park Service together with other components of Rock Creek Park.
 The Peyton Randolph Bishop House on Washington Avenue in Bridgeport Connecticut was built in 1839. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was built in Greek Revival style and later received Victorian renovations.
 Noordeinde Palace is one of the three official palaces of the Dutch royal family. Located in The Hague in the province of South Holland it has been used as the working palace for King Willem-Alexander since 2013.
 The Louis Blotner Radar Bomb Scoring Site and the subsequent Ashland Radar Station were an 1963 June-1990 Strategic Air Command AUTOTRACK radar site(s) operated by Detachment 7 of the 12th Radar Bomb Scoring Squadron. The station simulated Electronic Countermeasures for the Ashland Training Range's low-level training route over Bangor north to Houlton Maine (designated route IR-800 by 1981).
 Sherzer Hall is an academic building on the Eastern Michigan University campus located in Ypsilanti Michigan. Sherzer Hall is one of four buildings comprising the Eastern Michigan University Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places. The building building was designed by E. W.. Arnold of Battle Creek and survived two fires. Sherzer Hall has a red-brick exteriors Sherzer's exterior has a few mildly Romanesque and Georgian elements.
 The Frederick Fiske Warren and Gretchen Osgood Warren House is a historic house at 42 Bolton Road in Harvard Massachusetts United States. It was the home of Frederick Fiske Warren and Gretchen Osgood Warren.The original house was built in 1894. In 1940 the house was renovated by W.P. Blodgett and A.F. Law Associated Architects of Boston Massachusetts.
 The Lakeport Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located near the shore of Clear Lake in Lakeport California.Completed in 1918 in the Classical Revival type of architecture it had been given a $8000 grant for its construction after local organizations like the Ladies' Improvement Club lobbied philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. The plans were drawn by Ward and Blohme and it was built by Hinds and Randolph. By December 1920 there were 4793 books in the library.
 Mitchell County Courthouse in Beloit Kansas is a Richardsonian Romanesque building built in 1901. It was designed by J.C. Holland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 St. Andrew Bobola Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Dudley Massachusetts United States. Founded 1963. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
 Regency Tower is a skyscraper in the northwest section of downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma. The tower is 288 feet tall and has 24 floors.Regency Tower houses 243 rental apartments and is currently the tallest residential building in Oklahoma City.
 First Baptist Church (Atlanta) is a megachurch located at 4400 North Peachtree Road at Interstate 285 in Dunwoody Georgia. It is commonly known as First Baptist Atlanta. It is an evangelical Christian church and is a member of the Southern Baptist Convention. Dr. Charles F. Stanley former President of the Southern Baptist Convention has been Senior Pastor of the church since 1971.
 Dawson Historic District is a national historic district located at Dawson Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 107 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Dawson. The oldest building is the log Cochran House (c. 1820).
 West Presbyterian Church was a congregation in New York City located first on Bleecker Street (as North Presbyterian Church) then on Carmine Street and then on the north side of West 42nd Street between 5th and 6th Avenues. It later merged into the West-Park Presbyterian congregation extant.West Presbyterianwas founded in 1829 in Greenwich Village as the North Presbyterian Church. Within a few years [in the late 1830s] it changed its name to West Presbyterian Church.
 Edificio Rockefeller (literally Rockefeller Building) is the popular name of a building opened in 1932 in the Spanish city of Madrid as headquarters of Instituto Nacional de Física y Química (National Institute of Physics and Chemistry).Located within the central campus of the CSIC (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas) so named because its construction and equipment according to the project by architects Manuel Sánchez Arcas and Luis Lacasa were funded by the Rockefeller Foundation. 
 The Santiago Museum of Contemporary Art (Spanish: Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Santiago or MAC) is located in Santiago Chile. It is one of the city’s major museums created in 1947 and is run by the University of Chile Faculty of Arts.
 St. Luke Episcopal Church is a historic church at 309 E. Baltimore Street in Jackson Tennessee.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Lansdowne House is a historic house in Greenville Ohio United States. Built in 1870 it was the residence of Zachary Lansdowne who was a pioneer in the development of the U.S. Navy's airship program and commanded the airship Shenandoah. A native of Greenville Lansdowne attended the United States Naval Academy upon graduating from Greenville High School; as Shenandoah's skipper he was killed in its crash on September 3 1925.Architecturally the Lansdowne House is unremarkable.
 Snyder Memorial Methodist Church originally known as Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic 1903 church in Jacksonville Florida. It is located at 226 North Laura Street in Duval County (on the historic corner of Laura and Monroe streets). The Snyder Memorial Methodist congregation was founded in 1870 and the church was constructed following the loss of a previous church during the 1901 Jacksonville Fire on the same site as its predecessor. J. H. W.
 The Shania Twain Centre was a city-owned tourist attraction that operated in Timmins Ontario from 2001 to 2013. It exhibited memorabilia awards and other personal items loaned to the Centre by singer Shania Twain who was raised in Timmins.
 Richard Alsop IV House also known as Alsop House is a historic home in Middletown Connecticut. It was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on January 16 2009.
 Pueblo of Isleta is an unincorporated community Tanoan pueblo in Bernalillo County New Mexico United States originally established around the 14th century.Pueblo of Isleta is located in the Middle Rio Grande Valley 13 miles (21 km) south of Albuquerque. It is adjacent to and east of the main section of Laguna Pueblo. The pueblo was built on a knife-shaped reef of lava running across an ancient Rio Grande channel.
 First English Lutheran Church is located at the corner of James Street and Townsend Street. This church was founded in 1879 Syracuse New York. The building was designed by Archimedes Russell and built in 1911. It is significant for its mission-inspired architecture. This church is active has worship services on Sundays at 10:30 am (winter sessions)and 9:30 am (summer hours) with Sunday school for children.
 George Washington Memorial Park is located at the center of Jackson Wyoming. More generally known as Town Square the park is notable for its elk-antler arches at each corner of the park collected from the nearby National Elk Refuge by Boy Scouts and periodically rebuilt. The square originally existed as an open space in the center of town that was made into a park in 1934.
 The Metal Office Furniture Company (Steelcase) Plants No. 2 and 3 are historic manufacturing plants in Grand Rapids Michigan.
 Wanakena Footbridge is a historic pedestrian suspension bridge located at Wanakena in St. Lawrence County New York. It was constructed in 1902 and spans the Oswegatchie River. It was originally constructed to provide a crossing for the employees of the Rich Lumber Company to reach the no longer extant mills.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Holland Library now home to Alexandria Bay Chamber of Commerce is a historic library building located at Alexandria Bay in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1899 and is a 40-by-44-foot (12 by 13 m) two story hipped roof building designed in a vernacular interpretation of the Richardsonian Romanesque style. It is constructed of Theresa-Alexandria Bay red sandstone.
 Kecharis (Armenian: Կեչառիս) is a 11-13th-century monastery located 60 km from Yerevan in the ski resort town of Tsakhkadzor in Armenia. Nestled in the Bambak mountains Kecharis was founded by a Pahlavuni prince in the 11th century and construction continued until the middle of the 13th century. In the 12th and 13th centuries Kecharis was a major religious center of Armenia and a place of higher education.
 President's House Naval War College (also known as Quarters AA) is the home of the President of the Naval War College in Newport Rhode Island. The house is a wooden three-story building in Colonial Revival style located on a hill on Coaster's Harbor Island overlooking Coaster's Harbor Dewey Field and Narragansett Bay.
 The Jewish Shelter Home also known as Elmer Colwell House located in southwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Furr's (also known as Furr's Cafeteria or Furr's Family Dining) was a chain of family restaurants in the United States started by Roy Furr. The first location opened in Hobbs New Mexico in 1946. In corporate history it is notable for being a corporation in which an institutional investor TIAA-CREF was able to oust the board of directors.[citation needed] Furr's was purchased by the K mart Corp.
 Quiet Dell School also known as West Virginia Mountain Products Inc. Cooperative is a historic school building located at Quiet Dell near Mount Clare Harrison County West Virginia. The original section was built in 1922 with an addition completed in 1953. It is a wood frame drop sided building with a hipped and gable roof. It was used as a school until 1970 after which it was occupied by Board of Education offices a local kindergarten and special needs classes until 1990.
 St Andrew's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican parish church dedicated to Andrew the Apostle in Billingborough Lincolnshire England. The church is situated 7 miles (11 km) south-east from Sleaford and at the western edge of the Lincolnshire Fenlands.St Andrew's is in the ecclesiastical parish of Billingborough and is part of the Billingborough Group of churches in the Deanery of Lafford and the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Lugás) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Jacobus House is located in Cedar Grove Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1725 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 1 1975.
 The E. E. Burdick House at 248 Prospect St. in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1906. It has also been known as St. Marks P.E. Church Parsonage. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is a 35-by-35-foot (11 m × 11 m) square plan stone house. It was deemed significant for its style and its stone masonry construction and its association with local stone mason E.E. Burdick who built it and lived there.
 The Ball and Roller Bearing Company also known as American Family Crafts or Joseph McNutt House and Machine Shop is located in Danbury Connecticut. The building was built in 1917 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 25 1989.The company office building was the Queen Anne-style former home of Joseph Nutt.
 Stephen Cottage Hospital is an NHS hospital in Dufftown Moray Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.The Stephen Hospital is situated in upper Speyside and serves the inhabitants of Dufftown and the surrounding area. The hospital consists of two wings - one built in 1890 and the other added in 1984. Stephen Hospital has 20 beds providing medical care rehabilitation assessment palliative/terminal care and convalescence.
 Millbank is a historic home and archaeological site and national historic district located near Port Conway King George County Virginia. It encompasses 1 contributing building 8 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure. Among the archaeological sites are the A. Fitzhugh Plantation Site including the smokehouse and chimney / kitchen sites; the Ballentine Site; the Brick Rubble Site; the Nail Field Site; the Old House Swamp Pointe Site; and a probable Mill Site.
 Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables was built in 1906 at 110 Broadway Methuen Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It and the Nevins Memorial Library located at 305 Broadway were built by for Henry C. Nevins and his family as a memorial to his father David C. Nevins Sr. Both buildings were listed on the National Register on the same day.
 All Saints Episcopal Church built in 1872-1873 is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Saugatuck Michigan. On February 27 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Grant County Courthouse in Elbow Lake Minnesota United States is the county seat of Grant County and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. This building was opened in 1906 replacing the county's first courthouse which opened in 1878. The original building had four rooms and a hall on the first level while the courtroom on the second level was accessed by an outside stairway.
 Dr. John Lewis House is a house near St. Matthews Kentucky. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The North Bay Jail is a jail located in North Bay Ontario.The 121-bed maximum-security facility houses male and female offenders awaiting trial sentencing transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities immigration hearings or deportation or serving sentences under 60 days.
 The Jamestown Opera House is a historic government building and community center in the village of Jamestown Ohio United States. It has been named a historic site because of its well-preserved architecture. Besides serving as a theater the opera house has functioned as the community's village hall its fire station its post office and its library.
 Broad Ripple Park Carousel also known as White City Carousel and Children's Museum Carousel is an antique carousel in The Children's Museum of Indianapolis. It was installed in 1917 at an amusement park near the White River in Indianapolis Indiana where it remained until the building housing it collapsed in 1956. The ride's mechanism was destroyed but the animals were relatively unscathed and put into storage by the park's owners the Indianapolis Park District.
 The Building at 202–204 Charles Street in Waltham Massachusetts is an example of multi-unit residential housing built in the city in the early decades of the 20th century.
 Nordstar Tower is a skyscraper office building in Moscow Russia. Construction was begun in 2006 and completed in 2009. There are 42 floors (40 above ground) 30 elevators and the gross floorspace is 147000 square metres. Roof height is 171.5 metres.
 Arresødal is a manor estate situated in Frederiksværk in Halsnæs Municipality on the island of Zealand in Region Hovedstaden northeastern Denmark. Surrounded by forest to the west of lake Arresø it now functions as a private hospital.
 Elmhurst also known as The Caldwell Place is a historic inn and tavern located at Caldwell Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1824 on the banks of the Greenbrier River near where a toll bridge for the James River and Kanawha Turnpike replaced a ferry crossing in 1821. It is a two story red brick building consisting of a 50 feet wide by 50 feet deep main section and 50 feet by 25 feet ell.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Clitheroe is located in Church Street Clitheroe Lancashire England. It is the Anglican parish church of the town and is in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Two California Plaza is a 751-foot (229 m) skyscraper in the Bunker Hill District district of downtown Los Angeles California. The tower is part of the California Plaza project consisting of two unique skyscrapers One California Plaza and Two California Plaza. The Plaza also is home to the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art (MoCA) Colburn School of Performing Arts the Los Angeles Omni Hotel and a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) water court.
 Lavik Church (Norwegian: Lavik kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Lavik on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Lavik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.There have been churches here since at least the 1100s. The previous church was too small for the parish so it was torn down and the present church was built.
 Club Med Ria Bintan is a resort in the Lagoi region of Bintan Indonesia. The resort was established in October 1997 and has an annual average occupancy of 60%. Set in 1230 acres it has a 36-hole golf course designed by Gary Player. Club Med Ria Bintan is one of Club Med's 75 worldwide resorts. At the time of establishment Southest Asia was experiencing a financial crisis but the hotel was a success thanks to international visitors.
 Al ‘Askarī Mosque or the ‘Askariyya Mosque/Shrine (Arabic: مرقد الامامين علي الهادي والحسن العسكري‎ Marqad al-Imāmayn ‘Alī l-Hādī wa l-Ħassan al-‘Askarī) is a Shī‘ah Muslim holy site located in the Iraqi city of Sāmarrā 125 km (78 mi) from Baghdad. It is one of the most important Shī‘ah mosques in the world built in 944.
 Ain Aouda secret prison is a suspected black site torture and detention centre operated by the Directorate for the Surveillance of the Territory (Direction de la surveillance du territoire DST) the Moroccan domestic intelligence agency implicated in past and ongoing human rights violations.During the Arab Spring protests the inmates of the Temara interrogation centre were transferred to Ain Aouda.The United States reportedly paid the Moroccan state $20 million for the building of the prison.It is rumoured that it is located inside a bushy natural reserve of the alouite royal family close to a ranch of late prince Moulay Abdallah. 
 The Trostletown Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Quemahoning Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1845 and is a 104-foot-long (32 m) Kingpost truss bridge with half-height plank siding and an asbestos shingled gable roof. The bridge crosses Stony Creek. It is one of 10 covered bridges in Somerset County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Gateway of India is a monument built during the British Raj in Mumbai (formerly Bombay) India. It is located on the waterfront in the Apollo Bunder area in South Mumbai and overlooks the Arabian Sea. The structure is a basalt arch 26 metres (85 feet) high. It lies at the end of Chhatrapati Shivaji Marg at the water's edge in Mumbai Harbour.
 The Parus Business Centre (Ukrainian: Бізнес Центр «Парус») is a 34-story class-A office building in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. It is located at the very centre of the city between Mechnikova St. and Lesi Ukrainky Blvd. (municipal address: 2 Mechnikova St.) and is currently the second highest building in the country.Construction of the building began in 2004 and ended in February 2007.
 The Kennebunk River Club is located in Kennebunkport Maine. The building was built in 1888 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 9 1975.
 The Postal Square Building (formerly the City Post Office) served as the main post office for the city of Washington D.C. from the building's completion in 1914 to 1986. It now houses the National Postal Museum the Bureau of Labor Statistics and offices of the United States Senate. Architect Daniel Burnham designed the building in the Beaux-Arts style — the same style Burnham used for the neighboring Union Station.
 Jacobi Medical Center is a municipal hospital under the direction of New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation in Morris Park Bronx New York located at 1400 Pelham Parkway South; it is the largest Public Hospital in the Bronx with 470+ beds.Founded in 1955 as Bronx Municipal Hospital Center the hospital opened concurrent with the opening of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of the Yeshiva University.
 The St. Philip's Church Ruins are the remains of a colonial Anglican church building in Brunswick Town North Carolina United States. The church is located beside the Cape Fear River in the Brunswick Town Historic District along with Fort Anderson Russelborough and the nearby Orton Plantation. Construction of St. Philip's Church lasted 14 years but took only one day to be destroyed when the British Army burned Brunswick Town.
 Garuda Mall is a shopping mall in the city of Bangalore. It is situated on Magrath Road near Brigade Road and is one among the popular malls in Bangalore.
 361 Broadway at the corner of Franklin Street in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan New York City formerly known as the James White Building was built in 1881-82 and was designed by W. Wheeler Smith in the Italianate style. It features a cast-iron facade and is a good example of late cast-iron architecture.
 The former Chapel of Free Grace was a former mission chapel built in 1859 by St. George's Episcopal Church. Located at 406 East 19th Street it was a gable-fronted steeply pitched masonry Gothic Revival church with a gable rose window. The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Christ (founded 1868) purchased the church building in 1882.
 The Sam Jones Memorial United Methodist Church at 100 W. Church St. in Cartersville Georgia was built in 1907. It was designed by architect Walter T. Downing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Baltimore Marriott Waterfront Hotel is a high-rise hotel building located in the Harbor East area of Baltimore Maryland. The hotel is situated at 700 Aliceanna St. Primarily a convention hotel the property has 32 floors with over 750 rooms standing at 315 feet (96 m). The hotel has been the tallest hotel structure in Baltimore since it opened in 2001 as one of the first structures in Harbor East.
 Cabot Tower is a tower in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador situated on Signal Hill. Construction of the tower begun in 1898 to commemorate the 400th anniversary of John Cabot's discovery of Newfoundland and Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee.In 1901 Guglielmo Marconi received the first trans-Atlantic wireless message at a position near the tower the letter S in Morse Code sent from Poldhu Cornwall United Kingdom.
 St. Aloysius' Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Carthagena an unincorporated community in Marion Township Mercer County Ohio United States. Built in the late nineteenth century it remains the home of an active parish and it has been designated a historic site because of its well-preserved architecture.
 Ankara Castle (Turkish: Ankara Kalesi) is a fortification from ancient or medieval era in Ankara Turkey. The exact date of its construction is unknown. Having been controlled by Romans and Byzantines earlier; it was captured by Seljuq Turks in 1073 by Crusaders in 1101 and again by Seljuqs in 1227. The castle saw extensive repair by the order of İbrahim Paşa in 1832 during the Ottoman era.The outer citadel surrounds the old Ankara.
 Shahid Gangalal National Heart Centre (SGNHC) is a hospital which provides cardiac care diagnostic and treatment procedures in Kathmandu Nepal. The hospital is named after Gangalal Shrestha.
 Shaarei Tzedec (also known as the Markham Street Shul) is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue located at 397 Markham Street in Toronto Ontario Canada.The Shaarei Tzedec congregation was founded in 1902 and is one of only three Orthodox synagogues left in Downtown Toronto.
 Dykeland is a historic home located near Chula Amelia County Virginia. It is a two-story wood-frame house reflecting two architectural styles and three periods of construction. It consists of a two-story vernacular section built about 1838 and attached 1 1/2-story rear wing dating to the early-19th century. A two-story Italianate section dates to 1856-1857 and features a hipped roof. A one-story Italianate-style porch unifies the two sections.
 The Pioneer School House was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission in 1915 during the first year of Anchorage Alaska's growth. The Alaska Engineering Commission was building railroads in the state.
 Glenview Farm is a historic home and surrounding property located at Rockville Montgomery County Maryland. The house is a 1926 Neo-Classical Revival style house on 65 acres (260000 m2) of landscaped ground. The five-part mansion incorporates the remnants of the 1838 house called Glenview. Since 1957 the house and grounds have been owned by the City of Rockville and are used for various civic cultural and social events and is known as Rockville Civic Center Park.
 Pratt House is a historic home located at Elmira Chemung County New York. It is a large scale brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It has a cross-gable plan and features two asymmetrical towers a projecting polygonal bay and a stepped back Arts and Crafts style north wing. The lower tower has a pyramidal roof and the taller tower a bell cast roof embellished with cresting.
 La Casa Alvarado also known as the Alvarado Adobe is a historic adobe structure built in 1840 and located on Old Settlers Lane in Pomona California. It was declared a historic landmark in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St. Francis de Sales Church (the Oratory of Saint Francis de Sales) is a Roman Catholic Oratory located in south St. Louis Missouri. It is the second largest church in the Archdiocese of St. Louis after the cathedral-basilica. The church is popularly known as the Cathedral of South St. Louis.The historic main church was designed in the neo-Gothic style. Its stained glass windows were crafted by the St. Louis glazier Emil Frei Sr.
 Baruel Mansion (Portuguese: Palacete Baruel) is a mansion built in the 19th century located in Alto de Santana northern area of São Paulo city. The construction had been the headquarters of the Baruel estate a farm where rice beans corn and sugarcane were grown with slave labour. The wealth of the owner is perceived in the buildings that make up the area.The estate was 24250 square metres in area and after the death of Mr. Baruel the property was divided and sold in lots.
 The Abasuba Community Peace Museum established in 2000[citation needed] is located in Kenya Homa Bay County Suba North District Mfangano Island Waware location in Ramba village.[citation needed] The museum was founded in 2000[citation needed] through its founding curator Mr Jack Maurice Obonyo.
 Monterey State Historic Park is a historic state park in Monterey California. It includes part or all of the Monterey Old Town Historic District a historic district that includes 17 contributing buildings and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Walter H. Gale House located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and constructed in 1893. The house was commissioned by Walter H. Gale of a prominent Oak Park family and is the first home Wright designed after leaving the firm of Adler and Sullivan. The Gale House was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 17 1973.
 The National Monument to the Forefathers formerly known as the Pilgrim Monument commemorates the Mayflower Pilgrims. Dedicated on August 1 1889 it honors their ideals as later generally embraced by the United States. It is thought to be the world's largest solid granite monument and is the third-tallest statue in the United States.
 Minnesota Home School for Girls Historic District is a property on the National Register of Historic Places in Sauk Centre Minnesota United States. Opened in 1911 the property was a reformatory school for girls with a number of the cottages named for women who were significant in American history.Each of the buildings on the campus is described as either contributing or non-contributing with the contributing buildings perceived as having historical significance.
 St John's Church is a Roman Catholic Church building in Standishgate Wigan Greater Manchester. It is within 200 feet of another Catholic church St Mary's. Construction on both churches was done in a spirit of competition so they both were finished in the same year 1819. The competition was because St John's Church was originally served by the Society of Jesus whereas St Mary's was always served by priests from the diocese.
 The Frederick H. Cossitt Memorial Hall located at 906 N. Cascade Ave. in Colorado Springs Colorado was built in 1914. It has also been known as Cossitt Hall. It was designed by Maurice B. Biscoe. It is part of Colorado College. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Zion Episcopal Church is a historic church in Washington North Carolina.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Villa Maria Academy are two connected historic school buildings located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1892 with additions and alterations in 1904 and 1927. The original building known as the motherhouse is a 2 1/2-story red brick building with terra cotta trim in the High Victorian Gothic style. It features a cross gable roof with dormers and two conical roof turrets. The 3 1/2-story addition was completed in 1904.
 The Whitaker-Clary House is a historic house on Elm Street in New Salem Massachusetts. It currently houses the Swift River Historical Society. The house was built in about 1816 by William Whitaker was a lawyer shopkeeper and member of the local militia during the War of 1812. This house served as his home and law office. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Masonic Temple in Youngstown Ohio is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Tuttle Square School now the Auburn Historical Society Museum is an historic school building at 41 South Street in Auburn Massachusetts. The single story two-room wood frame building was constructed in 1922 to replace a smaller school on the site in the face of increasing school population. The building's most prominent decorative feature is its Federal-style entry door surround with pilasters supporting scrolled brackets topped by a fanlight.
 The Rehoboth Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Jarvis Brook in the English county of East Sussex.The red- and blue-brick building dates from 1876. Its Gospel Standard Strict Baptist congregation originally founded in 1852 maintains links with the Forest Fold chapel on the other side of Crowborough.
 The Musée national des beaux-arts du Québec (French for National Museum of Fine Arts of Quebec) is a museum in Quebec City Quebec Canada gathering approximately 25000 works essentially produced in Quebec or by Quebec artists some of which dating from the 18th century. It has also housed a library since 1987.
 The Iroquois Indian Museum is devoted to the art and history of the Iroquois a North American confederacy of six Native American tribes once based in New York. Located in Howes Cave in Schoharie County New York it promotes Iroquois art for teaching the culture and history of the peoples. It also features a performance space for traditional and contemporary Iroquois music and dance.
 Tarsus Grand Mosque (Turkish: Tarsus Ulu Cami) is a mosque in Tarsus Mersin Province Turkey.
 First Christian Church of Ashland (also known as Old Church of Christ Scientist of Ashland; BO-A-89) is a historic church building at 315 17th Street in Ashland Kentucky.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 St Peter's Church Bolton-le-Moors commonly known as Bolton Parish Church is a Church of England parish church in Bolton Greater Manchester England. The parish church dedicated to St Peter is an example of the Gothic Revival style. The church was designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage in 1974. St Peter's is an active parish church in the Diocese of Manchester and is part of the Bolton deanery and Bolton archdeaconry.
 Abingdon (also known as the Alexander-Custis Plantation) was an 18th- and 19th-century plantation that the prominent Alexander Custis Stuart and Hunter families owned. The plantation's site is now located in Arlington County in the U.S. state of Virginia.Abingdon is known as the birthplace of Eleanor Nelly Parke Custis Lewis (March 31 1779 – July 15 1852) a granddaughter of Martha Washington and a step-granddaughter of United States President George Washington.
 The Keszthely Synagogue is a synagogue in Keszthely Hungary.The synagogue was originally built in 1852 in the neo-classical style. The shape was altered in 1894 when the building was remodeled in the spirit of eclecticism. In 1898 an organ built by Sándor Országh was installed. The temple served the local Neolog congregation. The building has undergone a number of renovations - in 1930 in 1945 and in 1967.
 The Church of St Mary in West Buckland Somerset England has 13th-century origins and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The tower was built in 1509.
 Fredonia Church is a historic church in Como Mississippi.The Greek Revival style building was constructed in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Church of the Holy Rood Edwalton is a Church of England church in Edwalton Nottinghamshire.
 Esholt Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire England.
 Behramiyah Mosque (Arabic: جامع البهرمية‎) is one of the historical mosques in Aleppo Syria dating back to the Ottoman period. It is located in al-Jalloum district to the west of the Citadel between gate of Antioch and Khan al-Jumrok within the historic walls of the Ancient City of Aleppo. The mosque was built in 1583 under the patronage of the Ottoman wali of Aleppo Behram Pasha and during the rule of the Ottoman sultan Murad III.
 Eikefjord Church (Norwegian: Eikefjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Eikefjord. The church is part of the Eikefjord parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1813. In 1874 the church was expanded into a cruciform-style church. The church currently seats about 350 people.
 Daisy Hill Hospital (Irish: Otharlann Chnoc na Nóiníní) is a local teaching hospital located in Newry Northern Ireland.The hospital currently houses a neo-natal unit A&E department out-patients department and a minor surgery suite.
 The Camp Williams Hostess House/Officers' Club located within Camp W. G. Williams in Utah County Utah was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.Its historic significance is largely as a Public Works Administration project; WPA works during the depression were widespread in Utah and this is a good example.
 The Bristol Royal Infirmary also known as the BRI is a large teaching hospital situated in the centre of Bristol England. It has links with the nearby University of Bristol and the Faculty of Health and Social Care at the University of the West of England also in Bristol. It is currently undergoing a major redevelopment.The BRI is one of eight hospitals within the University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust. It is located next to the Bristol Royal Hospital for Children.
 The RCA 474L Ballistic Missile Early Warning System (BMEWS 474L System Project 474L) was a USAF Big L Cold War system of radar computer and communications systems that included the first operational ballistic missile detection radar.[citation needed] The network of 12 radars for detecting a mass ballistic missile attack launched on northern approaches [for] 15 to 25 minutes warning time also provided Project Space Track satellite data (e.g. about 1/4 of SPADATS observations).
 15 Westferry Circus is a 16250 m² (175000 sq ft) building on Canary Wharf. Construction began in November 1998. Its finish marked the completion of the Westferry Complex the westernmost point of Canary Wharf.The building was designed to fully incorporate the requirements of the tenant Morgan Stanley Dean Witter who also occupied the adjoining building.
 Tjong A Fie Mansion (traditional Chinese: 張耀軒 故居; simplified Chinese: 张耀轩 故居; pinyin: Zhāng Yàoxuān Gùjū) is a two-story mansion in Medan North Sumatra built by Tjong A Fie (1860-1921) a Hakka merchant who came to own much of the land in Medan through his plantations later becoming 'Majoor der Chineezen' (leader of the Chinese') in Medan and constructing the Medan-Belawan railway.Tjong A Fie is said to be related to Cheong Fatt Tze who built the Cheong Fatt Tze Mansion in Penang Malaysia.
 The George Caleb Bingham House in Arrow Rock Missouri was the principal residence of portraitist and landscape painter George Caleb Bingham from 1837 to 1845.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965. It is located within the boundaries of Arrow Rock State Historic Site.
 Tyro Mill is a historic grist mill located at Tyro Nelson County Virginia. It is a multi-story frame mill built in 1846-47 with an addition made in the late nineteenth century. It has a metal-sheathed gable roof and a stone foundation. There is an overshot metal wheel in a stone wheel well and remnants of the head race. The mill contains original machinery including wood gears and drive shafts two runs of millstones and a husk frame in the basement gear pit.
 Classic Rotors is a flying aviation museum specializing in helicopters and other rotorcraft located at the Ramona Airport in Ramona California United States.The museum bills itself as the rare and vintage rotorcraft museum and claims to be one of the three dedicated rotorcraft museums in the world.
 Smithfield is a plantation outside Blacksburg Virginia built from 1772 to 1774 as a home by Col. William Preston. It was the birthplace of two Virginia Governors: James Patton Preston and John B. Floyd. The house remained a family home until 1959 when the home was donated to the APVA.
 St Peter's Church Sudbury is a redundant Anglican church in the town of Sudbury Suffolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the centre of the town in a dominating position on Market Hill.A church has been on the site since at least 1180 but the current structure dates from the 15th century though there have been several restorations in the intervening period.
 The Woodstock Opera House is a historical venue for performing arts and receptions located in Woodstock Illinois. It was designed as a multi-use facility including City Hall and the police and fire departments by architect Smith Hoag and built by contractor Simon Brink in 1889 for a cost of $25000. Artists who have performed there include Orson Welles and Paul Newman
 The Silas Williams House also known as the Edward Baker House is a historic Queen Anne house in the city of Streator Illinois. The building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Morse Farm is a historic home located at Moravia in Cayuga County New York. It is a two story frame Federal style farmhouse. The house is in a big house little house back house configuration. Portions of the house reportedly date to 1794; the house was remodelled into essentially its present form about 1815. Also on the property is a 19th-century two story barn with board and batten siding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Bastrop County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1883 at 803 Pine St Bastrop Texas. The Renaissance Revival style building was designed by Jasper N. Preston and F.E. Ruffini. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1975.Bastrop County was organized in 1837 and several houses served as early courthouses. A brick courthouse with a jail was built on the courthouse square in 1851 and used until it burned in 1883.
 Mount Walla is a historic home located near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and 1840 and is a 1 1/2-story hall and parlor plan frame Federal-style dwelling. The house received a series of additions during the second half of the 20th century more than doubling its size. Also on the property is a contributing smokehouse. The property also includes a family cemetery with Victorian iron fence.
 Innlandet Church (Norwegian: Innlandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hennes on the island of Hinnøya. The church is part of the Hadsel parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1992 to serve the part of Hadsel on Hinnøya island.
 The Ames Building is a skyscraper located in Boston Massachusetts. It is sometimes ranked as the tallest building in Boston from its completion in 1893 until 1915 when the Custom House Tower was built. However the building was never the tallest structure in Boston. The steeple of the Church of the Covenant completed in 1867 was much taller than the Ames Building. Nevertheless it is considered to be Boston's first skyscraper.
 High Bridge Reformed Church is a historic church at Church Street and County Route 513 in High Bridge Hunterdon County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Nathaniel Daggett House is an historic house located at 74 Roger Williams Avenue in East Providence Rhode IslandThe saltbox style house was constructed in 1700 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 28 1980.
 The New Synagogue (German: Leo Baeck Saal) is the only synagogue of the Jewish community in Düsseldorf Germany. The synagogue was built in the Golzheim district far from the site of the former synagogue which was located in the city center at Kasernenstraße. There the synagogue was pillaged and burned by SA men during the Kristallnacht in 1936.The synagogue is named after rabbi Leo Baeck who served as a pulpit rabbi in Düsseldorf. On 3 October 2000 the synagogue was firebombed.
 Alinjagala Alinja-gala or Alinja tower (Azerbaijani: Əlincə qalası) formerly Yernjak (Armenian: Երնջակ) – is a tower is located to the west of Khanega village not far from Julfa city of Azerbaijan on the right coast of the Alinja River (Alinjachay) on the top of Alinja Mountain. The tower was one of the most strongest defensive buildings of that times.
 Cornwall Church (formerly Cornwall Park Church of God) is an Evangelical Christian megachurch in Bellingham Washington affiliated with the Church of God Movement with an average weekly attendance exceeding 2500.
 Manulife Plaza (Chinese: 宏利保險大廈) is a skyscraper located in Causeway Bay Hong Kong. The triangular-shaped tower stands 789 ft (240 m) tall and has 52 floors of office space. Prior to the building's completion in 1997 the Lee Gardens Hotel was demolished in order to make way for this skyscraper.
 The Hotel President is a historic hotel in Kansas City Missouri. It is now operated as the Hilton President Kansas City by Hilton Hotels Corporation.
 National Life Stories is an independent charitable trust and limited company (registered as the ‘National Life Story Collection’) based within the British Library Oral History section whose key focus and expertise is oral history fieldwork.
 Gjorslev is a cruciform medieval castle located 17 km south-east of Køge on the island of Zealand in Denmark. Originally owned by the Bishop of Roskilde it is considered one of the most well-preserved examples of Gothic secular architecture in Denmark.
 John Wolf Kemp House was a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built about 1780 and was a 2-story L-shaped frame farmhouse with a gable roof and five bays wide. It had a 1 1⁄2-story rear ell. It featured a 1-story hip-roofed enclosed porch over the three central bays. The entrance and side parlors have Federal-style details. Also on the property were a contributing privy and summer kitchen.
 Old Cape May County Courthouse Building is located in Cape May Cape May County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22 1981.
 Vileišis Palace is a Neo-baroque style architectural ensemble in Vilnius Lithuania built for Petras Vileišis. Vileišis was a prominent Lithuanian engineer political activist publisher and philanthropist who commissioned the palace in 1904 and supervised its construction. The ensemble consists of a main house a guesthouse and an outbuilding. It currently houses the Institute of Lithuanian Literature and Folklore. It was renovated during the early 2000s.
 Ottumwa Young Women's Christian Association is an historic structure located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. The Renaissance Revival building was built in 1924. The three-story brick structure features round arch openings on the first floor and windows that diminish in size on the upper floors. The interior features terrazzo floors and oak woodwork that exhibits an American Craftsman influence. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Church of the Assumption and Rectory is a historic church and rectory at 204 SW 8th Street in Topeka Kansas.The church was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 Cox Building is a historic department store building located in Rochester New York. It is a seven story brick and brownstone structure of masonry load bearing construction. It was built in 1888 and characterized by fine Romanesque style detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Arnisdale Free Church is a place of worship of the Free Church of Scotland (Continuing) in Arnisdale Scotland. The church is built in 1856.
 Midway Mill was a historic grist mill located at Midway Mills Nelson County Virginia. It was built in 1787 by William H. Cabell (1772–1853) with minor alterations in 1810. It was a 4 1/4-story uncoarsed ashlar stone rectangular structure with a slate gable roof. Associated with the mill were the contributing stone arch bridge and the late-19th century frame Simpson House.
 Entranceway at Main Street at LeBrun Road is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built about 1920 by Goode & Sickels Realtors. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) at Eggertsville in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of half-height brick masonry walls brick masonry posts and accent light fixtures located on either street corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Gallier Hall is a historic building on St. Charles Avenue in New Orleans Louisiana. It is the former New Orleans city hall and continues in civic use. Gallier Hall is located on St. Charles Avenue at Lafeyette Square in the Central Business District. The building was originally designed to be the city hall of New Orleans by the noted architect James Gallier Sr.. Construction began in 1845 and the building was dedicated on 10 May 1853.
 The Museo de Arte Popular (Museum of Popular Art) is an institution dedicated to the promotion and preservation of Mexican handcrafts and folk art. Located in the historic center of Mexico City in an old fire house the museum has a collection which includes textiles pottery glass piñatas alebrijes furniture and much more.
 Israel Whitney House is a historic house at 963 Central Avenue in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 Nicholson House and Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Millcreek Township Erie County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1825 and 1827 and is a brick four over four building on a stone foundation in the Federal style. It measures 52 feet wide and has a gable roof. The roof overhang is supported by decorative brackets.
 The Adams County Courthouse is a three-story brick courthouse building in Hettinger North Dakota. Built in 1928 it was designed by Ira Rush an architect who won competitions for design of several other courthouses in the state.
 The North York Civic Centre is a building that once served as the city hall for the former City of North York Ontario Canada.Designed by Adamson Associates Architects the building is located on Yonge Street north of Sheppard Avenue and features Mel Lastman Square along the Yonge Street frontage. The construction of the building was intended to act as a catalyst for the development of the North York City Centre a downtown area for the formerly suburban North York.
 Centre Congregational Church is a historic Congregational Church on Province Road in Gilmanton New Hampshire.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 In and Out Social Club is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1893 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 26 1987.
 The Enid Armory was located in Enid Oklahoma and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1988. The two story building was constructed in 1936 as a Works Progress Administration project. It was the third largest Armory in Oklahoma.Of the WPA-built armories in Oklahoma the Enid Armory was the only one utilizing red brick in its construction. The Oklahoma National Guard trained soldiers for combat in World War II and Korea.
 For the mosque in Afghanistan see Id Gah MosqueThe Id Kah mosque (Uyghur: ھېيتگاھ مەسچىتى‎ Héytgah Meschit Chinese: 艾提尕尔; pinyin: àitígǎěr) (from Persian: عیدگاه Eidgāh meaning Place of Festivities) is a mosque located in Kashgar Xinjiang in the western People's Republic of China.
 Henry August Rowland House is a site significant for its association with Henry Augustus Rowland a physicist.The house at 915 Cathedral Street in Baltimore Maryland was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.The house is listed chiefly for its association with Rowland rather than for any architectural distinction. The house is a three story red-brick rowhouse typical of the 1880s in Baltimore. Rowland purchased the house in 1889 or 1890 and lived there until his death in 1901.
 The Abu Dhabi Falcon Hospital is the world's foremost falcon welfare institution and the first of its kind. It opened on 3 October 1999 as an affiliate of the Abu Dhabi Environment Agency since when it has been directed by German veterinary surgeon Dr Margit Gabriele Müller and has become one of the largest avian hospitals.The hospital operates under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi.
 Gross Reken Melchenberg Radio Tower (German: Funkturm Melchenberg Melchenberg Radio Tower) or simply the Melchenberg Radio Tower is a German concrete radio tower that is located in the municipality of Reken in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Like the Melchenberg Observation Tower it is a lattice tower that is currently being used as means of communication. Although its construction date is unknown it was formerly used by the military. Its antenna's height is 70 metres long.
 The White-Pool House is a historic structure in Odessa Texas included on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cambridge Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 534 Cambridge Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1886 in a Queen Anne style with some Romanesque details. It is nearly identical to Worcester's Woodland Street Firehouse; both were designed by Fuller & Delano and built the same year.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 at which time it was still an active firehouse.
 Temple Beth Shalom built in 1952 is a synagogue located near downtown Havana. Much of the original building was sold and only part remains in Jewish hands today. Extensive repairs were undertaken in the 1990s. Beth Shalom is considered the headquarters of the Cuban Jewish Community. The building also houses a Jewish library.
 The Dr. Jose N. Rodriguez Memorial Hospital (DJNRMH) formerly known as Central Luzon Sanitarium was established in 1940 to accommodate patients suffering from Hansen's Disease in the entire Luzon region in the Philippines. It is currently situated within the district of Tala in Caloocan City Metro Manila and occupies 130 hectares of land area from the original 808 hectares.
 St Barnabas' Church Darwen is in Watery Street Darwen Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St Mary Grimehills.The church was built in 1884 as a mission church and designed by the Lancaster partnership of Paley and Austin. It cost £1462 (£130000 as of 2014) and provided seating for 360 people.
 The East District School in the town of Norwich Connecticut was built in 1798. It is located within the Norwichtown neighborhood and is a contributing property in the Norwichtown Historic District.
 View Road Hospital is located at Admiralty Road West Woodlands Singapore. It used to be a medical complex in Singapore specialising in the treatment of patients with mental illnesses. The hospital used to be a subsidiary of Woodbridge Hospital (now known as the Institute of Mental Health) and was closed down in 2001. The premises was converted into a foreign workers dormitory known as View Road Lodge.
 The William Clapp House (1806) is a historic house located at 195 Boston Street Dorchester Massachusetts. It is the headquarters of the Dorchester Historical Society and contains many items from the society's collections including 19th century furnishings and local historical items.
 The Guy C. Barton House was a historic home in the Midtown area of Omaha Nebraska United States. It was demolished in 1982.
 Yokoji Zen Mountain Center is a year-round Zen Buddhist training and retreat center located in the San Jacinto Mountains of Southern California. It is a 160 acres (65 hectares) of sacred Native American land and wilderness.Founded 1981 by Taizan Maezumi Roshi as a summer retreat center for the Zen Center of Los Angeles.
 Rivergate Mall (officially RiverGate) is a shopping mall located in Goodlettsville Tennessee. Built in 1971 the mall originally included three anchor stores: JCPenney Cain-Sloan and Castner Knott. A wing featuring Sears dozens of new parcels and a food court was added in 1989. Linens 'n Things arrived in 2003. This store closed in 2008 and became SmartBuys in 2009.
 Bhaktapur Cancer Hospital is cancer hospital located in Bhaktapur Nepal.
 The Livingstone Museum formerly David Livingstone Memorial Museum and Rhodes-Livingstone Museum is the largest and the oldest museum in Zambia located in Livingstone near Victoria Falls. The museum has exhibits of artifacts related to local history and prehistory including photographs musical instruments and possessions of David Livingstone the explorer and missionary.
 Notleymere (1885-89) also known as the Frank Norton estate is a historic house located on the eastern shore of Cazenovia Lake in Cazenovia Madison County New York. The large Shingle Style summer cottage was designed by architect Robert W. Gibson. It is a picturesque asymmetrically massed 3 1⁄2-story structure sheathed in dark-stained wooden shingles and covered by a steeply pitched multi-gabled shingle roof.
 Carilion New River Valley Medical Center (CNRV) is a hospital in Montgomery County Virginia USA about two miles from Radford. The hospital has 146 beds and is part of Carilion Clinic.
 Sague House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide bungalow-style dwelling. It sits on a raised basement and four tall stone piers support the roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Saint Ignatius Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 101 N. Lamkin Road in Readmond Township Michigan.It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Harmony Forge Mansion is a historic home and property located at Boggs Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1810 and 1820 by Joseph Miles and is a 2 1/2 story 5-bay stone building with a 2-story stone kitchen wing. It measures 44 feet 6 inches by 40 feet. Also on the property are two barns a twos-story frame dwelling and the 2000 feet of earthworks ruins of the Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation Canal built about 1847.
 The al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque (Arabic: مسجد الخانقاه الصلاحية‎) is located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
 One Fifty One at Biscayne is a residential property in North Miami FL that consists of 373 condominiums in two 25-story towers. The residential development was formerly named the Oaks at Biscayne Landing.The property is bordered to the east by the Biscayne Bay campus of Florida International University and David Lawrence Jr. K-8 Center and to the west by commercial developments along Biscayne Boulevard.
 St. Francis Hospital Nkokonjeru commonly referred to as Nkokonjeru Hospital is a private non-profit community hospital in Uganda.
 Bexhill Museum is in Bexhill-on-Sea in East Sussex. This museum was established in 2004 when two local museums merged. The former Bexhill Museum had been founded in 1914 after it asked one of its founders to resign. The museum is run by a charity volunteers and two employees.
 Montrose Museum opened in 1842 in Montrose Angus Scotland. The museum came into being when in 1841 the Montrose Natural History and Antiquarian Society started a fund to expand its space; in order to house its curiosities and wonders ranging from geological and ethnographical artefacts to a collection of Natural History objects and Fine Art. It was accredited by the Museums Libraries and Archives Council in June 2009.
 The Beverly Road Historic District is a historic district consisting of fifteen residential buildings located between 23 and 45 Beverly Road in Grosse Pointe Farms Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Cumberland Valley Railroad Station and Station Master's House also known as the Mechanicsburg Railroad Station is a historic railway station and house located at Mechanicsburg in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The station was built about 1875 by the Cumberland Valley Railroad. It is a 1 1/2-story brick building with a gable roof. It measures 52 feet by 27 feet.
 The Quinnipiac Brewery also known as Brewery Square dates from 1882. It was listed on the NRHP in 1983 then including three contributing buildings and one contributing structure.It includes a six-story brew house building and other buildings.
 Burgruine Silberberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Rover is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built about 1886 probably in Chester Maryland by the Thompson brothers. She measures 28'-13⁄4 with a 6'-41⁄4 beam. She has a longhead bow braced back to the hull and a sharp stern. She is privately owned and races under No. 11 in Eastern Shore competition. She one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland that has existed since the 1840s.
 The Albany Presbyterian Church and Rectory also known as Whitespires is a historic church building in Albany Oregon United States. It was built in 1891 in the Carpenter Gothic style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1979.
 The Church of St. Barnabas is an Episcopal house of worship in Irvington New York United States. It is a stone Gothic Revival structure whose oldest sections date to the mid-19th century with several expansions undertaken since then. The reputedly haunted church complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.At first the church was a small chapel modeled on St Martin's Church in Canterbury the oldest church in continuous use in England.
 Fairmont Plaza is a 17-storey 79.55 m (261.0 ft) skyscraper in downtown San Jose California. When completed in 1988 as the Knight-Ridder Building it was the tallest building in the city; it is currently the sixth. San Jose's first skyscraper The 1909 seven-story Garden City Bank & Trust Building and the 1926 seven-story American Trust Building were razed on the site to make way for the project. CBRE Global Investors purchased the building in 2012 about US$90 million.
 Oakland also known as the James M. Stephenson House is a historic home located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story L-shaped red brick house in the Greek Revival style. It features a low hipped roof with cupola and a single bay one-story portico with paired fluted wooden Doric order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in McCartyville Ohio United States. Founded in the late nineteenth century it remains an active parish to the present day. Its rectory which was built in the early twentieth century has been designated a historic site.
 St Teilo's Church Llandeloy is a redundant church in the village of Llandeloy Pembrokeshire Wales dedicated to Saint Teilo. It has been designated by Cadw as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 West Manchester Mall is a single-level enclosed regional shopping mall in West Manchester Township York County Pennsylvania west of the city of York. Opened in 1981 the mall includes Kohl's Macy's Regal Entertainment Group-operated movie theater and Walmart.
 Vatne Church (Norwegian: Vatne kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Vatne. The church is part of the Vatne parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1868 by the architect Meinhardt. The church seats about 550 people.
 Al Ain Mall is an Al Ain shopping and entertainment center. Opened in 2001. Al Ain Mall is undergoing massive expansion and the project - Al Ain Mall Extension & exclusive five stars hotel – to add approx. 500000 sq.ft. of retail GLA to the existing Mall to transform it to a regional mall with a total GLA of 1 million sq. ft.
 Ninth Street West Historic District is a national historic district located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. The district encompasses 12 contributing buildings in the St. Cloud neighborhood in the western section of Huntington. It is a significant enclave of late 19th and early 20th century residences in the Late Victorian style most notably Queen Anne. The period of development is from 1870 to 1933.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church of Peekskill New York United States is located on the north edge of the city's downtown. It is a three-building complex of stone Late Gothic Revival buildings on a half-acre (2000 m²) dating to the late 19th century and added onto at successive later dates.The church itself was established in nearby Van Cortlandtville before the American Revolution as Old St. Peter's Church. Its current home is the third building on the site designed by architect Richard M.
 Brockerhoff Hotel is a historic hotel located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1866 and is a large brick building on a stone foundation measuring 170 feet by 60 feet. The original building was executed in the Italianate style. It was renovated in the 1880s to have a mansard roof in a combined Second Empire / Queen Anne style. The roof features multicolored slate.
 Dunn's Famous is a smoked meat restaurants chain founded in Montreal Quebec Canada in 1927 by Myer Dunn.
 The Gerbrandy Tower (Dutch: Gerbrandytoren) is a tower in IJsselstein the Netherlands. It was built in 1961.
 Adsit House was a historic home located at Hornell in Steuben County New York. It was a two story L shaped brick dwelling constructed in stages between 1828 and 1880. The original section constructed in 1828 was a two story three bay brick residence in the Federal style the first brick structure in Hornell.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.The house was demolished on June 15 2010. Hornell residents had mixed emotions about the historic house being razed.
 Charles Geoghegan House is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1915 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story eight bay clapboard and shingle-sheathed gable-roofed residence in the Shingle Style. Also on the property is the building containing the original garage / servant's quarters.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Peter's Catholic Church in Mendota is the oldest church in the state of Minnesota. It was founded in 1840.
 The Toodyay Garage on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia was built in 1926 for Charles Henry Doust and opened in February 1927.
 Holy Family Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The parish is the result of a merger between Saints Mary and Joseph Parish and Sacred Heart Parish in the city of Fort Madison Iowa United States. The parish maintains both of the former parish church buildings as worship sites. The oldest parish in town St. Joseph and St. Mary of the Assumption had merged in the 1990s. St.
 The Tapley Building was a historic Romanesque building at 206 Broad Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The five story brick factory building was built in 1890 to replace an earlier factory which was destroyed in Lynn's 1889 fire. It was built for the firm founded by Philip P. Tapley which was one of Lynn's leading shoe manufacturers.It was destroyed by fire in 1999 after its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The First Presbyterian Church in Clarksville Arkansas was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Grand Central Public Market is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Westfield Southgate formerly Southgate Plaza and South Gate Shopping Plaza is a shopping mall in Sarasota Florida. Opened in 1956 it is anchored by Dillard's Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue.
 Honjō Castle (本荘城 Honjō-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Yurihonjō southern Akita Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Honjō Castle was home to the Rokugō clan daimyō of Honjō Domain. The castle was also known as Tsurumai-jō (鶴舞城) or Ozaki-jō (尾崎城).
 Governor's Inn is a historic inn at Maumee Ohio United States. Also known as the Old Plantation Inn it was built in 1836 and was used for a time as a post office. Renamed the Commercial Building it is presently home to a jazz-themed restaurant.In 1974 the Governor's Inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places qualifying because of its historically significant architecture. It was the fifth place in Maumee to receive this designation.
 The F.C. Porto Museum officially known as F.C. Porto Museum by BMG (Portuguese: Museu do Futebol Clube do Porto by BMG) for sponsorship reasons is a museum located in Porto dedicated to the history of the Portuguese association football club F.C. Porto.
 The Investment Building is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. The building rises 13 floors and 154 feet (47 m) in height. The interior renovation & redesign of the building was by architect César Pelli; Pelli also designed the Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur. The renovation was completed in 2001. As of July 2008 the structure stands as the 32nd-tallest building in the city tied in rank with 1310 G Street 1430 K Street 1875 K Street the Westin Washington D.C.
 Segadores de Vida is a Christian church located in Hollywood Florida. It is one of the fastest growing churches in the US.[citation needed] The Pastors of the church are Ruddy and Maria Gracia. The church's weekly services are broadcast on Enlace MegaTV and Galavision as well as some local channels. The television program Hechos is viewed in Latin America the United States and Europe.[citation needed]
 The Aviation Heritage Museum is a museum created and maintained by the RAAF Association of Western Australia. It houses a large number of military and civilian aircraft aircraft replicas and aircraft engines of types that have served in the Royal Australian Air Force or have relevance to aviation in Western Australia. It is located in the suburb of Bull Creek in Perth Western Australia.
 Fitler School also known as the Edwin Fitler High School is a historic high school building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1897-1898 and is a 3 1/2-story schist building in the Gothic-style. It features a projecting battlement tower round arched openings and three projecting gables.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 6 Battery Road formerly the Standard Chartered Bank Building is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 6 Battery Road in Raffles Place. The tower is situated adjacent to the Bank of China Building and faces the Singapore River. It is a class-A office building and houses offices of several multi-national companies.
 The West Franklin Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Richmond Virginia. It is located along the northern boundary of the Fan district. The district encompasses 71 contributing buildings built between about 1870 and the 1920. It was originally developed as a primarily residential district with buildings in a variety of popular late-19th and early-20th century architectural styles including Greek Revival Romanesque Georgian Revival Queen Anne and Italianate.
 Pennsylvania Canal and Limestone Run Aqueduct is a historic aqueduct and related sites located at Milton Northumberland County Pennsylvania. The Milton Section was built in 1829-1830 as part of the West Branch Division of the Pennsylvania Canal. It encompasses 20 contributing structures and 2 contributing sites and consists of the Limestone Run Aqueduct canal bed and towpath. Included are the remains of Lock #17.
 The Hilton Istanbul (Turkish: Hilton İstanbul) is a five star hotel in Istanbul Turkey. It is located at Cumhuriyet Cad. in Elmadağ Şişli in walking distance from Taksim Square. Opened in 1955 it is a branch of the Hilton Hotels chain.It was Turkey's first modern hotel built from the ground up in the aftermath of World War II in Europe. Currently it is also titled with Hilton Hotels' longest-serving member outside the United States.
 The Garrett Historic District of Garrett Indiana is roughly the area bound by Railroad Street on the North Britton Street on the East Hamsher Street on the West and Warfield Street on the South with Randolph Street extending to 3rd Ave. to the South. Within the District there are many buildings dating back to the earliest days of the City of Garrett.
 Hinchliffe Stadium (pronounced Hinch-lif although many pronounce it Hinch-cliff) is a historic 10000-seat municipal stadium in Paterson New Jersey built 1931–32 on a dramatic escarpment above Paterson's National Historic Landmark Great Falls and surrounded by the city's National Landmark Historic District the first planned industrial settlement in the nation (chartered 1792).
 The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers Museum (Royal Warwickshire) is situated on the first floor of St John's House in Warwick England. Warwickshire County Council have a museum on the ground floor. The building was originally bought jointly and both museums were opened on 2 August 1961 by Field Marshal Montgomery.
 The Nevada-California-Oregon Railway Locomotive House and Machine Shop was built by the Nevada-California-Oregon Railway in 1889 in Reno Nevada.The railroad was organized in Reno in June 1880 as the Nevada and Oregon Railroad. It was decided that the best plan was to build north to the Columbia River to serve cattle ranches and farms in northeastern California and eastern Oregon. The company decided to lay narrow-gauge track because it was cheaper than standard gauge construction.
 The old Bridgeport City Hall is located in Bridgeport Connecticut. The building was built in 1854 as both the City Hall and the Fairfield County Courthouse and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 19 1977. The old city hall was renamed McLevy Hall after Bridgeport mayor Jasper McLevy in 1966.
 Congress Street Fire Station now known as the Boston Fire Museum is an historic fire station at 344 Congress Street in Boston Massachusetts.The Romanesque style station was designed by Harrison H. Atwood and constructed 1891. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It now serves as the Boston Fire Museum.
 The Quincy Historical Society (QHS) is located at 8 Adams Street in Quincy Norfolk County Massachusetts USA. It was founded in 1893 by Charles Francis Adams Jr..The society occupies the former Adams Academy building.
 The Hlincea Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Hlincea) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Ciurea Iaşi metropolitan area Romania. Located at the base of Cetăţuia Hill the monastery was built by Maria the daughter of Moldavian Prince Petru Şchiopul and dedicated in 1574. At the middle of the next century it was rebuilt by Prince Vasile Lupu and finished by his son Ştefăniţă in November 1660.The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 Old St. Nicholas Church in Javorani is Serbian Orthodox church in Bosnia. The church is dedicated to St. Nicholas.
 Madras Central Prison was one of the oldest prisons in India. It was located in Chennai (formerly Madras) in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It began operational during the British rule in India in 1837. Prisoners from the prison were moved to the newly constructed Puzhal Central Prison starting from 2006. The prison was 172 years old when it began to be demolished in June 2009.
 The Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum is located in Wausau Wisconsin. It is best known for its annual Birds in Art exhibition which exhibits contemporary artistic representations of birds. The annual exhibition has been held beginning the week after Labor Day since the museum's founding in 1976. The museum stands on a 4-acre (16000 m2) estate in a 1931 English Tudor style house previously owned by Alice Woodson Forester and John E. Forester.
 John Marshall School is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1909-1910. It is a three-story five-bay by three-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival style. It has a three-story rear brick addition built in 1922. It features a pedimented cornice brick parapet projecting central section and a two-story arched opening above the main entrance.
 Public School No. 25 also known as Captain Henry Fleete School named for one of the earliest and most influential colonizers of Maryland Henry Fleete Sr. and Primary School No. 25 is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a late Victorian brick structure with an imposing Romanesque tower. It is a two-story brick structure with a ground-level basement and features a central three-story tower capped by a pyramidal roof.
 CentralFestival Pattaya Beach is a shopping mall in Pattaya Thailand. The mall opened in 2009 and was the first shopping mall of Central Pattana Thailand's largest retail corporation under the CentralFestival brand.
 The Orland P. Bassett House also known as the American Beauty House is a historic Colonial Revival residence in Hinsdale Illinois.
 Parliament House in Brisbane is the meeting place of the Parliament of Queensland housing its only chamber the Legislative Assembly. It is located on the corner of George Street and Alice Street at Gardens Point in the CBD and is next to the Queensland University of Technology and City Botanic Gardens.
 The Castle is a historic Gothic Revival style home in Marietta Ohio USA.
 Bruneau is a restaurant in Brussels Belgium. The chef is Jean-Pierre Bruneau.Daniel Rose is a former Bruneau apprentice.
 TheSorocaba Metropolitan Cathedral or Metropolitan Cathedral of Nossa Senhora da Ponte home of Archdiocese of Sorocaba located in the Plaza Coronel Fernando Prestes in downtown area of the city of Sorocaba São Paulo Brazil. It was built over 200 years.The cathedral is derived from the mother church of the second city founded in 1771 when he arrived in Portugal the image Nossa Senhora da Ponte which currently is at the main altar in style Baroque 1771 .
 The Christopher F. Dixon Jr. House at 248 N. Main St. in Payson Utah was built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977.		It was constructed as a home for Christopher Flintoff Dlxon Jr. (b. 1861 in Ohio) whose family arrived in Payson in 1862 as pioneer Mormon settlers. He did well in cattle and wheat and eventually arranged to have this eclectic Victorian home built.
 The Frank James Hospital is a closed hospital in the quiet town of East Cowes on the Isle of Wight. It was built in a Dutch Style by Somers Clarke in 1893 originally as a Home for Retired Seamen before becoming a hospital in 1903. It was designed as a memorial to Frank Linsly James eldest son of Sophia and Daniel James. He did much travelling to Africa in his yacht The Lancashire Witch and was killed by an elephant in 1890.
 Confederate Cemetery at Lewisburg is a historic cemetery located at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. The cemetery is the final resting place of 95 unknown Confederate soldiers from the Battles of Lewisburg (May 23 1862) and Droop Mountain (November 6 1863). They are buried in a three foot high mound shaped as a Christian cross. The cross measures 80 feet 5 inches in length with the arm extending 53 feet.
 The J. Neely Johnson House is a Greek Revival style Neoclassical historic home built in 1853 located at 1029 F Street in Sacramento California.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1976.
 The Hôtel de Simiane (a.k.a. Hôtel de Grignan Simiane) is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 Waverley is a historic home located at Morgantown Charles County Maryland. It is a large five-bay two story Flemish-bond brick house that faces the Potomac River. All interior woodwork is characteristic of the Federal period.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Highland House is a historic hotel building now serving as a museum located at 27 Highland Light Road within the Cape Cod National Seashorein Truro Massachusetts. It is located in the Cape Cod National Seashore near the Highland Light in the Truro Highlands Historic District.
 Gibbons Hall is a female dormitory for 138 upper-class students and one of 10 housing options for students at The Catholic University of America. Constructed in 1911 and named for the university's first chancellor Cardinal James Gibbons it was renovated in 2009. It is marked by a large central tower.
 Drumcree Parish Church officially The Church of the Ascension is the parish church of Drumcree Church of Ireland parish. The church is within the townland of Drumcree roughly 1.5 miles (2.3 km) to the northeast of Portadown County Armagh.In recent times it has become noted for the Orange Order service held annually on the Sunday before 12 July.
 The Curtius Museum (Musée Curtius) is a museum of archaeology and decorative arts located on the bank of the Meuse River in Liège classified as a Major Heritage of Wallonia.It was built sometime between 1597 and 1610 as a private mansion for Jean Curtius industrialist and munitions supplier to the Spanish army.
 Fort George Wright is a land area located in Spokane Washington. It is named after General George Wright who had been stationed in the area. In 1895 local residents purchased the area then known as Twickenham Park which was deeded to the government for the construction of a military post. With Congress’ authorization the $40000 purchase of 1022 acres (414 ha) was made in 1896.Construction of the fort began in 1897. It officially opened in 1899.
 Historic Deerfield is an open-air living history museum dedicated to the heritage and preservation of Deerfield Massachusetts and history of the Connecticut River Valley. Its historic houses museums and programs provide visitors with an understanding of New England's historic villages and countryside. The village has been designated a National Historic Landmark District (as the Old Deerfield Historic District) and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Margaret's Church Wrenbury overlooks the village green of Wrenbury Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael's Baddiley and St Mary's and St Michael's Burleydam.
 Presser Home for Retired Music Teachers also known as Mt. Airy Commons is a historic retirement home located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The Presser Home was built in 1914 and expanded in 1931. It is a three-story H-shaped buff Roman brick building in the Italian Renaissance Revival-style. It features limestone and terra cotta decorative elements.
 St Peter-in-the-East is a 12th-century church on Queen's Lane north of the High Street in central Oxford England. It forms part of St Edmund Hall one of the Oxford University colleges. It is now deconsecrated and houses the college library for graduates and undergraduates. The churchyard to the north is laid out as a garden and contains a seated bronze statue depicting St Edmund as an impoverished student.
 Adams National Historical Park formerly Adams National Historic Site in Quincy Massachusetts preserves the home of Presidents of the United States John Adams and John Quincy Adams of U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain Charles Francis Adams and of the writers and historians Henry Adams and Brooks Adams.The national historical park's eleven buildings tell the story of five generations of the Adams family (from 1720 to 1927) including Presidents First Ladies U.S.
 The US Bank Plaza is a high-rise building located in Boise Idaho formerly the tallest building in the state. Completed in 1978 and renovated in 2004 it rises 267 feet (81 m) spanning 19 floors. It was the tallest building in the state for over thirty years until recently surpassed by the 290-foot (88 m) Boise Airport Air Traffic Control Tower.Originally Idaho First Plaza the building was the headquarters of the Idaho First National Bank which was founded in 1867.
 Stephen Tyng Mather Home also known as The Mather Homestead was the home of Stephen Tyng Mather the American industrialist and conservationist who championed the creation of the National Park Service in 1916 and served as its first director. Mather (1867–1930) served as director from 1916 until ill health forced him to resign in 1929.The main house was built in 1778 by his great grandfather Deacon Mather.
 The Washington Avenue Bridge in Waco Texas was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Patrick Hughes House is a historic Queen Anne-style house built in 1898 on Cape Blanco in the U.S. state of Oregon. The Hughes family owned over 2000 acres and operated a dairy farm on Cape Blanco. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Rucker House known also as the Rucker Mansion is a historic house located in Everett Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1904.It was easily the most notable of houses built in Everett in 1904 and 1905 and is built on an incomparable site in Rucker Heights.
 Inland Revenue Office is a futuristic building located in Sandakan Sabah Malaysia. It is owned by Malaysian Government.
 Turkey Creek Community Historic District is a settlement established by emancipated African Americans during the Reconstruction Era after the American Civil War. The community is situated in north Gulfport Mississippi and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison Corcoran (SATF) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Corcoran in Kings County California. It is sometimes referred to as California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and Corcoran II.
 Thomas Harrison House is a historic home located at Harrisonburg Virginia. It was built in 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story two bay by one bay coursed limestone vernacular dwelling. It has a gable roof and was built over a spring which is accessible in the basement. The Thomas Harrison House is the oldest house in Harrisonburg and its builder is regarded as the town's founder.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Riverside Hotel is a public house and hotel located in Cinderhill Street Monmouth Wales. The hotel has a bar and a function room and has 17 bedrooms.
 The American University Museum is located within the Katzen Arts Center at the American University in Washington DC consisting of a three-story 30000-square-foot (2800 m2) museum and sculpture garden. The region’s largest university facility for exhibiting art the museum’s permanent collection highlights the holdings of the Katzen and Watkins collection. Rotating exhibitions emphasize regional national and international contemporary art.
 Glencairn Museum located on 1001 Cathedral Road Bryn Athyn Pennsylvania is a New Church-affiliated museum of religious history on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Law Society of Upper Canada Archives collects and preserves records and other material that documents the history of the legal profession in Ontario. The Archives acquires and preserves records of permanent value to the Law Society of Upper Canada the regulatory body for lawyers and paralegals in the province of Ontario. The Archives also accepts external donations of material that is significant to the legal profession in Ontario.
 St. Ann's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located on Church Street in Richford Vermont in the United States. On March 12 2001 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The T.B. Ripy House is a house on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Anderson County Kentucky located in Lawrenceburg Kentucky. It was completed in 1888. Thomas Beebe Ripy (1847-1902) operated a distillery in nearby Tyrone Kentucky. The family sold the house in 1965 and it was placed on National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Descendants of Ripy repurchased the house in 2010 with the intent of repairing it.
 The Atheneum Suite Hotel is a luxury all-suite boutique hotel located in the Greektown Historic District of Detroit Michigan. The hotel is near the Comerica Park and Ford Field stadiums. In addition the hotel can accommodate conferences for up to 1000 people with its 26000 square feet (2400 m2) of meeting space. The hotel architecture is a Greek themed Modern style. The hotel restaurants include Fishbone's Rhythm Cafe Mosiac Pegasus Taverna and Pappy's Sport's Bar and Grill.
 The Samuel McCammon House also known as James White's House Site is a historic house at 1715 Riverside Drive in Knoxville Tennessee. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. The two-story brick house was built circa 1849–1851 by Samuel McCammon a farmer and designed in the Federal style by T. Haynes. Its site also contains one of the homes of James White the founder of Knoxville. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Milwaukee Riverwalk is a continuous pedestrian walkway along the Milwaukee River in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Town Square designed as a European village is an open air shopping dining and entertainment center development on 117 acres (47 ha) in Enterprise Nevada on Las Vegas Boulevard. This project by Turnberry Associates and Centra Properties includes 1500000 square feet (140000 m2) of retail and 352000 square feet (32700 m2) of office space The center opened November 14 2007.
 Loket Castle (Czech: Hrad Loket) is a 12th-century Gothic style castle located about 12 km from Karlovy Vary on a massive rock in the town of Loket Karlovarský kraj Czech Republic. It is surrounded on three sides by the Ohře river. Once known as the Impregnable Castle of Bohemia because of its thick walls it is one of the oldest and most valuable historical stone castles in the Czech lands.
 Gesù e Maria (Jesus and Mary) is a Baroque church located on Via del Corso in the Rione Campo Marzio of central Rome Italy. It faces across the street the similarly Baroque facade of San Giacomo in Augusta.It is more correctly called Chiesa dei Santi Nomi di Gesù e Maria (Church of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary).
 St. Casimir the Prince Church Września - bricked church in the southern part of Września located on Sławno district on Słupska street.
 The Black Horse Tavern is an historic tavern in Belfast Maine. Built in 1795 Black Horse Tavern was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Dadeland Station is a lifestyle shopping center located in Dadeland in the metropolitan Miami suburb of Glenvar Heights FL near the border with Kendall FL. It is located immediately across the Snapper Creek and within walking distance of the popular Dadeland Mall.Dadeland Station is directly served by the Miami Metrorail at Dadeland North station.
 The Appomattox Court House National Historical Park cemeteries are part of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 26 1989.
 Run Run Shaw Creative Media Centre (Abbreviation: CMC Chinese: 邵逸夫創意媒體中心) is an academic building on the campus of the City University of Hong Kong which is built in 2011. It locates on the Tat Hong Avenue Kowloon Tong. It is in the north to City University’s main campus. It was designed by Daniel Libeskind cooperating with Leigh and Orange Ltd. The building received architectural awards from Emporis and International Property Awards.
 The Aflac Building located in Columbus Georgia is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Georgia outside of the Atlanta Metropolitan Area and Savannah. It Is located about 2½ miles east of downtown. The building is 246 feet (75 m) tall. It serves as the headquarters for Aflac an insurance company.Shortly after renovation was completed on the building in late 2010 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) awarded it with a gold certificate.
 The Great Choral Synagogue of Kiev also known as the Podil Synagogue is situated in Kiev Ukraine.
 Square One Mall (formerly the New England Shopping Center) is a 115 store shopping mall located along US Route 1 (Broadway) between Main Street and Essex Street in Saugus Massachusetts.The mall was a $100 million project undertaken by New England Development Corporation to redevelop the former New England Shopping Center which consisted of Sears Service Merchandise and the former General Cinemas which had closed in the mid-1980s.
 Phillip Paul Bliss House is a historic home located at Rome Bradford County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1863-1864 and is a vernacular Greek Revival-style frame dwelling. It consists of a two-story front section with a one-story rear ell. It has a gable roof and a full-length front porch with a shed roof. It was the home of 19th century gospel music composer Phillip Paul Bliss (1838-1876).In 1965 the house was opened as the Philip P.
 The Haagse Poort (English: Gate of The Hague) is an office building in The Hague Netherlands. It is an unusual asymmetrical structure of 275 meters (or 900 feet) long that spans the Utrechtsebaan with a large arch. The Haagse Poort consists of a high-rise part and a low-rise part that are connected by the arch from the eighth floor. De tallest part amounts 70 meters (or 230 feet) and 17 floors. The building offers approximately 108000 m² (or 1160000 sq ft) of office space.
 Peachtree Mall is a shopping mall located in Columbus Georgia in the United States. After the closing and demolition of Columbus Square Mall in the early 2000s Peachtree Mall is the one of two major shopping areas in Columbus (the other being Columbus Park Crossing).
 City Hospital (formerly Dudley Road Hospital and still commonly referred to as such) is a major hospital in the city of Birmingham England. It is located in the Winson Green area of the west of the city.It was first built in 1889 as an extension to the Birmingham Union workhouse (whose building though derelict is still extant). It originally comprised a single corridor stretching for a quarter of a mile with nine Nightingale ward blocks radiating from it along its length.
 The Seoul National University Museum of Art (SNUMoA) is a museum in Seoul National University.
 The Loring-Greenough House is the last surviving 18th century residence in Sumner Hill a historic section of Jamaica Plain Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. It is located at 12 South Street on Monument Square at the edge of Sumner Hill.This mid-Georgian mansion was built as a country residence and farmstead in 1760 for wealthy British naval officer Commodore Joshua Loring on the original site of John Polley's estate established in the 1650s.
 The Florence Stockade also known as The Stockade or the Confederate States Military Prison at Florence was a Confederate prisoner-of-war camp located on the outskirts of Florence South Carolina during the American Civil War. It operated from September 1864 through February 1865; during this time as many as 18000 Union soldiers were imprisoned there about 2800 of whom died.
 The Fern Lake Trail in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado runs 4.8 miles (7.7 km) from Moraine Park in the eastern part of the park westward to Fern Lake the first portion of the trail following the course of the Big Thompson River. The trail was first informally established in the late 1880s as a way to get to The Pool a wide spot in the Big Thompson where a small lodge predated the 1915 establishment of the park.
 The Masonic Temple in Port Angeles Washington was constructed in 1921 using the classical revival style. It is still in use today as a Masonic Lodge and also hosts many other events. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St Mary and St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: Ϯ transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Maria nem fi.ethowab Antonios) is located in Ridgewood Queens and was the oldest Coptic Orthodox parish in Queens. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
 The Taipei Economic and Trade Office Jakarta Indonesia (TETO; Chinese: 駐印尼台北經濟貿易代表; pinyin: Zhù Yìnní Táiběi Jīngjì Màoyì Dàibiǎo) is the representative office of the Republic of China in Indonesia. Its counterpart body in Taiwan is the Indonesia Economic and Trade Office to Taipei.The office is located at Artha Graha Building in Sudirman CBD Senayan Kebayoran Baru Jakarta.
 Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral (Irish: Ardeaglais Naomh Fionnbarra) is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Cork city Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin. Begun in 1863 the cathedral was the first major work of the Victorian architect William Burges. Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Cork it is now one of three cathedrals in the Diocese of Cork Cloyne and Ross.
 Wakari Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in Dunedin New Zealand.It is situated in the suburb of Wakari about three kilometres north-west of the city centre. The hospital is operated by the Southern District Health Board (formerly Otago District Health Board) and is closely associated with Dunedin Public Hospital.It contains specialised psychiatric services but also cares for people with intellectual disability and people undergoing physical rehabilitation.
 Al-Salam Mosque (also known as Dar al-Salam Mosque Arabic pronunciation: Masjid al-Salam) is a mosque located in the Qarabis neighborhood of Homs Syria. It was designed by architect Shawki Tawokkol and construction was completed in 1980 partially with the support of local volunteers.
 The National City Bank Building at 55 Wall Street between William and Hanover Streets in the Financial District of downtown Manhattan New York City was built in 1836-41 as the Merchants' Exchange replacing the previous exchange which had opened in 1827 and burned down in the Great Fire of New York in 1835. The new building was designed by Isaiah Rogers in the Greek Revival style.
 Billed as the largest student union in the world the Oklahoma State University Student Union is a student activity center for meetings conferences meals recreation and shopping for students and alumni on the campus of Oklahoma State University in Stillwater Oklahoma.
 HM Prison Hatfield (formerly HMP & YOI Moorland Open) is a Category D men's prison and Young Offenders Institution located near Hatfield Woodhouse in South Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is jointly managed with the nearby Moorland Prison.
 Clark House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1919 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide concrete block Bungalow style dwelling with a gable roof and wide dormer. It features a porch with Doric order columns massive deep eaves and half-timbering.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Beardslee Castle is a castle in Little Falls New York USA constructed in 1860 as a replica of an Irish castle and currently used as a restaurant.
 The Clarence Burgin House is a historic house at 95 President's Lane in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Hiddenhurst is the former estate of businessman Thomas Hidden on Sheffield Hill Road in the Town of North East New York United States south of the village of Millerton. It is an elaborate frame house built at the beginning of the 20th century in the neo-Georgian architectural style.Hidden created the estate from portions of four dairy farms in the area and used it to breed horses.
 The Norton Simon Museum is an art museum located in Pasadena California United States. It was previously known as the Pasadena Art Institute and the Pasadena Art Museum.
 The Château de Miral (13th century) is a historical building on the territory of the commune of Bédouès Lozère département in the Cevennes mountains of south-central France about 10 km east of Florac going towards Le Pont-de-Montvert on road D998. The castle overlooks the confluent of the Runes River and Tarn River.Its donjon was built towards the end of the 13th century as the seat of the Malbosc-Miral family. Its ramparts defended access to the upper Tarn valley.
 The Gomez Mill House is located in the Town of Newburgh New York USA on Mill House Road a short distance off US 9W just south of the Orange–Ulster county line (its mailing address is in nearby Marlboro in the latter). Continuously inhabited for more than 280 years it is the earliest known surviving Jewish residence in the country and the oldest home in Orange County listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Molokai Light also known as U.S. Coast Guard Molokai Light is a lighthouse in Kalawao County Hawaii on the island of Molokai. It was built in 1909 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Rice's Hotel also known as Hughlett's Tavern and Shirley Hotel is a historic inn and tavern located at Heathsville Northumberland County Virginia. It is a quintessential courthouse tavern built in stages between about 1795 and the mid-19th century. It is a two-story frame building with a 12-bay front and two-tier wooden piazza and Federal style interior. It is perhaps the largest traditional tavern in any Virginia town east of Fredericksburg and north of Gloucester Court House.
 The Church of Our Lady of Springs (Portuguese: Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Brotas) is located in the vicinity of the Fort Anjediva on the Anjadip Island off the West Coast of India under the administrative control of Goa India. Initially in 1502 AD it was built as a small thatched chapel but later in 1506 AD was made into a more permanent structure. It was rebuilt in 1682 and subsequently refurbished in 1729.
 Harrisburg Military Post is a historic National Guard armory complex and national historic district located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It serves as the headquarters for the 28th Infantry Division. The complex consist of ten buildings six of which are contributing to the historic place. The contributing buildings were built between 1929 and 1938.
 The Greenhow and Rumsey Store Building on Main Ave. in Ketchum Idaho is a historic building dating from 1884. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).Also known as the Golden Rule Store it includes Romanesque Revival influence in its architecture. It was a department store in C.C. Anderson's Idaho chain of Golden Rule Store brand stores.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 245 Park Avenue (formerly American Tobacco Company Building American Brands Building and Bear Stearns Building) is a 648-ft (198 m) tall skyscraper in New York City New York. It was completed in 1967 and has 48 floors. Shreve Lamb and Harmon designed the building which is the 57th tallest building in New York City. The Building Owners and Managers Association awarded the 2000/2001 Pinnacle Award to 245 Park Avenue.
 Ballston Common Mall which originally opened as Parkington Shopping Center in 1951 was one of the first major suburban shopping centers in the Washington D.C. area. It was the first shopping center built around a multi-story parking garage in the United States. It is located at the intersection of Glebe Road (Virginia State Route 120) and Wilson Boulevard in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington Virginia two blocks from Ballston-MU Station on the Washington Metro's Orange Line.
 German Evangelical Church of Christ Complex (Christ Evangelical Church; United Church of Christ Complex) is a historic church at 1236 E. Breckinridge Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Eugene J. Carpenter House in Minneapolis Minnesota United States is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its original owner Eugene J. Carpenter was a family member and executive of Carpenter Brothers Lumber Company as well as vice-chairman of the Minneapolis Society of Fine Arts. The Carpenter Family was partially responsible for the implementation of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts The Minnesota Orchestra and Orchestra Hall. Mrs. E.J.
 The Liberty House is a 42-floor tower in the Dubai International Financial Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 166 m (545 ft). Construction of the Liberty House was completed in March 2009.The structure contains eight floors of freehold office space 208 convenient studios 120 one-bedroom apartments and 44 spacious two-bedroom apartments.
 Soho Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 4 Richmond Mews in Soho. Operated by the Firmdale Hotels London group the hotel has 91 rooms.
 Mule Creek State Prison (MCSP) is a California State Prison. It was opened in June 1987 and covers 866 acres (350 ha) located in Ione California. The current population is 3065 or 180.3 percent of its designed capacity of 1700. The prison has a staff of 1242 and an annual operating budget of $157 million.
 The G. P. Sparks House is a private residence located at 509 East Logan Street in the city of Tecumseh in northeast Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986.Built in 1883 in the style of Late Victorian architecture the two story upright and wing house was built for local musical instrument and sewing merchant G. P. Sparks and his wife Mary.
 The Ptarmigan Tunnel was built in 1930 through the Ptarmigan Wall at an elevation of 7200 feet (2200 m) in Glacier National Park near Many Glacier. The 250-foot (76 m) tunnel allows hikers to avoid a strenuous climb over very steep terrain between Many Glacier and the Belly River valley. Two opposing steel jackhammers drilling from either side of the tunnel and a series of ten-hole rounds of dynamite gradually broke through the mountain in less than three months.
 Northwest Community Hospital (NCH) is an acute care hospital in Arlington Heights Illinois United States. NCH serves more than 350000 outpatients each year as well as nearly 30000 inpatients at the 496-bed acute care hospital.
 Berry Hill Plantation also known simply as Berry Hill is located in Halifax County Virginia USA near South Boston. With some 3600 acres (1500 ha) It was one of the largest plantations to ever exist in Virginia.The plantation was originally owned by Isaac Coles and began using black slaves in 1803. In 1814 and 1841 the plantation changed owners finally ending up under the control of James Coles Bruce in 1832.
 Beetham Tower (also known as the Hilton Tower) is a landmark 47-storey mixed-use skyscraper in Manchester England. Completed in 2006 it is named after its developers the Beetham Organisation and was designed by Ian Simpson. Occupying a narrow plot of land at the top of Deansgate the development was proposed in July 2003 and construction started a year later.
 19 Rector Street also known as the Greenwich Club Residences is a building which takes up the full block of Rector Street between Greenwich Street and Washington Street in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City. Built in 1929-30 the 35-story building was designed by Lafayette A. Goldstone and Alexander Zamshnick in the Art Deco style.19 Rector Street was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The building was renovated in 2006.
 Texas State Penitentiary at Huntsville or Huntsville Unit (HV) nicknamed Walls Unit is a Texas state prison located in Huntsville Texas United States. The approximately 54.36-acre (22.00 ha) facility near Downtown Huntsville is operated by the Correctional Institutions Division of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice administered as within Region I. The facility the oldest Texas state prison opened in 1849.The unit houses the State of Texas execution chamber.
 36 on the Quay is a restaurant located in Emsworth Hampshire England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 John J. Earley Office and Studio is a historic home at 2131 G Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
 Le Méridien Piccadilly is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. The rooms are divided into sets by type including Classic Rooms Deluxe Rooms Club Rooms and Executive Junior Suites.The hotel was constructed in 1908 as The Piccadilly Hotel and passed through numerous owners before being bought by Le Méridien in 1986.Le Méridien Piccadilly was bought by American company Host Hotels & Resorts in 2010 after a £6 million refurbishment.
 Our Lady of Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic Kallakurichi situated in Villupuram district Tamil Nadu India. Our Lady of Rosary Church Kallakurichi has been recognized as a Parish under Diocese of Pondicherry.
 The Jefferson Historic District is a historic district in the small community of Jefferson Alabama United States. The community was founded in 1810. The district consists of thirteen Greek Revival buildings that were selected for inclusion due their significance as examples of the pre-Civil War plantation economy of the Deep South. Some of the buildings included in the district are the Lewis Simmons House (1856) James Aldridge House Basil Grant House (1855) Dr.
 The Laogai Museum is a museum in Dupont Circle Washington D.C. which showcases human rights in the People's Republic of China focusing particularly on the laogai the Chinese prison system. The creation of the museum was spearheaded by Harry Wu a well-known Chinese dissident who himself served 19 years in laogai prisons; it was supported by the Yahoo! Human Rights Fund.
 Peter Greene House is an historic house at 1124 West Shore Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1751 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 First Baptist Church of Wetumpka is a historic Baptist church at 205 West Bridge Street in Wetumpka Alabama. Built in 1846 it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1977 and the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Old Post Office and Courthouse is a historic courthouse and former post office located at 157 Genessee Street in Auburn New York. It was built in 1888–1890 and was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Mifflin E. Bell in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The limestone-and-brick building was expanded in 1913–1914 designed by James M. Elliot and again in 1937.
 John E. Worthen Arena is a basketball arena in Muncie Indiana. The arena opened in the year 1992 and it is home to the Ball State University Cardinals men's and women's basketball and volleyball teams.
 The name Théâtre des Nouveautés (Theatre of the New) has been used successively to refer to several different Parisian theatre companies and their buildings beginning in 1827. The current theatre (pictured) was built in 1921 and is located at 24 boulevard Poissonnière (Paris 9th arr.).
 The Valley Music Theater was a theater-in-the-round performing arts hall located in Woodland Hills Los Angeles California. It was just south of the Ventura Freeway at 20600 Ventura Boulevard in the Chalk Hills of the western San Fernando Valley. The modernist style 2865-seat facility opened in 1964 and was demolished in 2007 by a developer for a condominium project.
 The Bank of Italy Building is a 14-storey 77.72 m (255.0 ft) Renaissance Revival high-rise built in 1925 in downtown San Jose California. This building became the first branch of the Bank of Italy which later became the Bank of America.
 The Edward R. Hills House also known as the Hills-DeCaro House is a residence located at 313 Forest Avenue in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois. It is most notable for a 1906 remodel by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in his signature Prairie style. The Hills-DeCaro House represents the melding of two distinct phases in Wright's career; it contains many elements of both the Prairie style and the designs with which Wright experimented throughout the 1890s.
 Sewu is an 8th-century Buddhist temple located 800 meters north of Prambanan in Central Java. Candi Sewu is actually the second largest Buddhist Temple in Central Java after Borobudur. Candi Sewu predates Loro Jonggrang. Although originally only around 249 temples are present the name in Javanese translates to 'a thousand temples' which originated from popular local folklore; The Legend of Loro Jonggrang. The original name of this temple compound is probably Manjusrigrha.
 Newport Castle is a ruined castle in Newport South Wales. It was built in the 14th century probably by Hugh de Audley 1st Earl of Gloucester or his son-in-law Ralph Earl of Stafford with the purpose of managing the crossing of the River Usk. The castle was used as administrative offices for the collection of rent and dues from local tenants and was also a residence and a garrison. In 1402 it was sacked by Owain Glyndŵr.
 Blanche A. Wilson House also known as Centennial House is a historic house in Aurora Colorado that now serves as a museum.
 St. James' Church Ryde is a proprietary chapel in the Church of England located in Ryde Isle of Wight.
 Jefferson Mall is a Louisville Kentucky shopping mall located near the intersection of Interstate 65 and Outer Loop in southern Louisville.
 Dunderry Lodge is a restaurant located in Dunderry Navan County Meath Ireland. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1986-1989. The Michelin Guide awarded the restaurant the Red M indicating 'good food at a reasonable price' in the period 1981-1985.
 The Bradford Center Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse at 18 Rowe Mountain Road in Bradford New Hampshire. The Greek Revival church was built in 1838 in response to state legislation mandating the separation of church and state. The town's first meetinghouse built in 1796 had been used for both religious and civic purposes; it would be dismantled and moved to a location nearer the railroad tracks where it now serves as the Bradford Town Hall.
 Home Insurance Plaza is a 630 ft (190 m) tall skyscraper in New York City New York. It was completed in 1966 and has 44 floors. Alfred Easton Poor designed the building which is the 61st tallest in New York. The building's plaza had a redevelopment in 1987 by Kohn Pedersen Fox.
 Kutz's Mill Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Greenwich Township in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a 93-foot-long (28 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1854. It crosses the Sacony Creek. It is one of five covered bridges remaining in Berks County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The John Olness House is a house in Kragnes Township Clay County Minnesota just north of Moorhead on U.S. Route 75. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of a link between the farm communities and the farm-related businesses in Clay County. The architecture shows influences of the Queen Anne style which stands out in Clay County because most buildings were in the local vernacular style.
 West Roxbury Parkway is a historic parkway running from Washington Street in Boston Massachusetts where the Enneking Parkway runs south to Horace James Circle in Brookline where it meets the Hammond Pond Parkway. The parkway serves as a connector between Stony Brook Reservation and Hammond Pond Reservation (via Hammond Pond Parkway). West Roxbury Parkway was built between 1919 and 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Saint Saviour's Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic church at 41 Mt. Desert Street in Bar Harbor Maine.It was built in 1877 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The House at 5 Prospect Hill in Somerville Massachusetts is rare in the city as a Queen Anne house executed in brick. Built c. 1880 the 2.5 story house features bargeboard accents in the gables and terra cotta insets in the brickwork.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Church of Saint Porphyrius (or St. Porphyrius Church Arabic: كنيسة القديس برفيريوس‎) is the Orthodox Christian church of Gaza and the oldest active church in the city. Located in the Zaytun Quarter of the Old City it is named after the 5th century bishop of Gaza Saint Porphyrius whose tomb is situated in the northeastern corner of the church.
 The Springbank is located in Old Lyme Connecticut. The house was built in 1936 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 17 2001.It includes work by landscape architect Marian Cruger Coffin and it includes work by Robert I. Carter.
 Haddenham Museum is based in Haddenham Buckinghamshire England. The museum which is run by volunteers first opened in 1998 and is housed in the Old Schoolroom of the Methodist chapel in the centre of the village.
 The Elk Rapids Township Hall is a government building located on River Street in Elk Rapids Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Pettingill-Morron House or Morron House is a house located in the American city of Peoria Illinois. The 1868 mansion was originally built for Moses Pettingill a hardware store owner who came to Peoria from New Hampshire in 1833.
 FlatIron Crossing Mall is a shopping mall owned by Macerich Property Group in Broomfield Colorado. FlatIron Crossing features almost 1500000 square feet (140000 m2) of retail space set in a two-level enclosed shopping mall and an adjoining 50000 sq ft (4600 m2). outdoor pedestrian shopping plaza called The Village. It contains a sandbox and play area for children as well as hang-out spots for teens and young adults.
 West Baptist Church (Bible Church of God; Old School ; Hardshell Baptist Church) is a historic church building at 500 W. Mulberry Street in Lebanon Ohio.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Spanish Governor's Palace is a National Historic Landmark in Downtown San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas. Built in the first half of the 18th century it was originally intended to protect the nearby San Antonio de Valero Mission (the Alamo) and the growing colony. It is considered the sole remaining example of an aristocratic early Spanish house in Texas. The National Geographic Society has called the landmark the most beautiful building in San Antonio.
 Sherman Hall is the main administrative building of Western Illinois University and site of the original Western Illinois State Normal School in Macomb Illinois.
 The Ball-Sellers House is a historic home located in the Glencarlyn section of Arlington Virginia. It is the oldest structure still standing in Arlington. Historians and archeologists estimate that the one room log cabin was built in approximately 1750 and by the first property owner John Ball. Ball bought the property in 1742 and settled it with his wife and five daughters. The original section consist of the log cabin and one-story frame lean-to ell.
 F.D. Roosevelt State Park is a 9049 acre (35.91 km²) Georgia state park located near Pine Mountain and Warm Springs. The park is named for former U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt who sought a treatment for his paralytic illness in nearby Warm Springs at Little White House Historic Site. The western portion of the park formerly named Pine Mountain State Park was named a National Historic Landmark in 1997. F.D.
 Au Coin des Bons Enfants is a restaurant located in Maastricht Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1958-1970 and 2006-2012. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15.0 out of 20 points.The first head chef was Theo Koch. In 1995 George Taselaar took over the restaurant and became head chef.The restaurant is located in a former orphanage originally built in 1750.
 Peel County Courthouse is a historic building located in Brampton Ontario and served as a courthouse and jail for Peel County and Peel Region as well as the first home of Peel Regional Council.The two court house was built in a Venetian Gothic style in 1865–66 by architect William Kauffman and Peel County Council began sitting in 1867. A tower is located in the centre top of the building.
 The Shung Ye Museum of Formosan Aborigines (Chinese: 順益台灣原住民博物館; pinyin: Shùnyì Yáiwān Yuán Zhùmín Bówùguǎn) is a museum located just 200 metres diagonally across from the National Palace Museum in Taipei Taiwan. It houses exhibits relating to the cultures and histories of the Taiwanese aborigines.
 The White River Bridge was built in 1929 in Mount Rainier National Park as part of the Yakima Park Road project. The new road was planned to open up access to the northeastern portion of the park. The bridge spanning the White River was built by contractor John D. Tobin of Portland Oregon who had previously built the Narada Falls Bridge and the Christine Falls Bridges both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Middleport Public Library is a historic Carnegie library in the Ohio River village of Middleport Ohio United States. Built in the early twentieth century it has been named a historic site.Middleport was founded as Sheffield during the 1820s a time of great prosperity and rapidly increasing commerce in Meigs County. Among its earliest industries was a cotton mill built despite the lack of cotton production in the vicinity.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Dundee in Yates County New York. It is a Romanesque style brick structure with limestone and terra cotta trim built in 1895. It is distinguished by two multi-story towers broad cross gables bold turret-like pinnacles and finials and finely crafted corbelled brock trim.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Cady-Lee is an historic house located in the Takoma neighborhood in Washington D.C.. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975 as the Lucinda Cady House. The house is named for Lucinda Cady and her daughter Mary Lee who both owned the house.
 The Royal Hospital Kilmainham (Irish: Ospidéal Ríochta Chill Mhaighneann) in Kilmainham Dublin is one of the finest 17th-century buildings in Ireland.The hospital was built in 1684 by Sir William Robinson official State Surveyor General for James Butler 1st Duke of Ormonde and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to King Charles II as a home for retired soldiers and continued in that use for over 250 years. The style is based on Les Invalides in Paris with a formal facade and a large courtyard.
 Gallison Hall is a historic home located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was designed by the architect Stanhope Johnson in the Georgian Revival style and built between 1931 and 1933. It consists of a 2 1/2-story five-bay brick center section with a steeply pitched hipped roof flanked by 1 1/2-story three-bay gable-roofed wings conneected by hyphens.
 District Jail Sheikhupura is an ancient Jail situated in Sheikhupura Pakistan.
 Plaza 440 is a 49-story residential condominium building located in downtown Chicago Illinois.Originally built in 1992 it underwent a condominium conversion in 2005. The building contains 457 residential units and shares a 2000000-square-foot (190000 m2) mixed-use development with a 336-room Marriott hotel and a 400-space parking garage.
 The Château du Verduron also known as the Château des Sphinx owes its original fame to Louis Blouin who held the prominent position of head valet in the court of Louis XIV of France from 1704 until 1715. Other distinguished owners of the property included Victorien Sardou the French dramatist and one-time mayor of the Parisian suburb of Marly-le-Roi.The Château du Verduron is located on Place Victorien Sardou in Marly-le-Roi a commune in the department of Yvelines.
 Rotary Park Bridge is a historic arch bridge located in Rotary Park at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1929-1930 and is constructed of native rock-faced square-cut ashlar in a rustic style. It measures approximately 175 feet long and 30 feet wide.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Newberry Historic District is a historic district in Newberry South Carolina United States. Among its thirty-five contributing properties is a building dating back to 1789. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It includes the Old Courthouse and Newberry Opera House which are separately NRHP-listed.
 The Toast Rack or the Hollings Building by its official name is a university building in Manchester England. The building was completed in 1960 and has been used continuously by Manchester Metropolitan University since opening. It was designed by the city architect Leonard Cecil Howitt and is known as the Toast Rack due to its distinctive form.The pre-eminent architecture critic Nikolaus Pevsner described the building as a perfect piece of pop architecture.
 St Peter's Church Field Broughton is located in the village of Field Broughton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary Allithwiate St Mary and St Michael Cartmel St John the Baptist Flookburgh St Paul Grange-over-Sands Grange Fell Church Grange-Over-Sands and St Paul Lindale to form the benefice of Cartmel Peninsula.
 San Marco in Calcesana is a church now deconsecrated in Pisa Italy. It was located next the gateway in the city walls of the road that lead to Calci hence the name Calcesana. It housed monks of the order of St Matthew until 1387. Reconstruction began in 1508 with an altar commissioned to Giovanni della Robbia now moved to the Camposanto Monumentale. In 1819 the church was deconsecrated and has remained so.
 Pontiac Mills is a historic textile mill complex on Knight Street in the village of Pontiac Rhode Island within the city of Warwick Rhode Island. The mills produced the original Fruit of the Loom brand of cloth.The mills were built in 1863 by Robert Knight and Benjamin Knight (B.B. & R. Knight Company). The mills produced uniforms for Union soldiers during the American Civil War. In 1920 Webster Knight sold Fruit of the Loom and the Pontiac Mills.
 St. Vladimir's Cathedral is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral located in Stamford Connecticut. It is the seat for the Eparchy of Stamford.
 333 North Michigan is an art deco skyscraper located in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois in the United States. Architecturally it is noted for its dramatic upper-level setbacks that were inspired by the 1923 skyscraper zoning laws.
 The original Purila Manor was first mentioned in 1513. It was built in Purila Rapla County and was rebuilt in 1810. It was used by Estonian aristocrary including Friedrich Gustav von Helffreichi until the 20th century when it was used for education. After World War II it was used by the Soviet Army including the 8th Estonian Rifle Corps from 1953 to 1957.[citation needed]
 La Tante Claire (The Aunt Claire) was a restaurant in London which opened in 1977 and closed in 2004. Owned and operated by Pierre Koffmann it gained three Michelin stars in 1983 and held all three until the restaurant moved premises in 1998.
 The Bank of the Commonwealth also known as the Old Stone Bank is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Shepherdsville Kentucky. It was constructed in 1809.
 The Universidad Laboral de Gijón is located in Gijón (Asturias Spain) specifically in the parish of Cabueñes.Built between 1946 and 1956 is the most important architectural work built in the 20th century in Asturias and is considered with its 270000 m2 the biggest building in Spain.
 The Richard Jackson House in Portsmouth New Hampshire USA is the oldest surviving wood-frame house in New Hampshire. This National Historic Landmark was built in 1664 by Richard Jackson a woodworker farmer and mariner on his family's 25-acre (10 ha) plot. Jackson's house resembles English post-medieval prototypes but is notably American in its extravagant use of wood.
 St Martin-on-the-Hill is a parish church in Scarborough North Yorkshire in the Church of England.
 The Nast Trinity United Methodist Church is a historic congregation of the United Methodist Church in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Designed by leading Cincinnati architect Samuel Hannaford and built in 1881 it was the home of the first German Methodist church to be established anywhere in the world and it was declared a historic site in the late twentieth century.
 The Varnum School is a historic brick school building at 103 Sixth Street in Lowell Massachusetts.The Greek Revival building was built in 1857 with a minor addition added in 1886 and a substantial one in 1896. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.As of June 13 2010 the school currently sits in disrepair. The windows are boarded up and the playground destroyed.
 Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey (abbreviated as MARCO) is one of the leading museums of contemporary art in Mexico. MARCO organizes major exhibitions with regional and international contemporary artists. It is located in the heart of Monterrey next to the Macroplaza and Barrio Antiguo.
 The Specialists' Shopping Centre (Chinese: 专业购物中心) was the oldest shopping centre on Orchard Road a shopping area of Singapore. It was constructed in the early to mid-1970s. The largest tenant was the Hotel Phoenix Singapore. The John Little a large tenant has closed in anticipation of redevelopment. The Visitor's Guide of Singapore described the shopping centre as revered.
 The Eagle Historic District in Eagle Alaska is a well preserved example of the historic development in Northern Alaska. Fort Egbert was built in 1889 to serve a central governmental role for the area. Over 100 buildings from this era survive including the Federal courthouse which was funded by fines enacted against the rowdy inhabitants.In 1905 Roald Amundsen arrived in Eagle and telegraphed the news of the Northwest Passage to the rest of the world.
 Mount Zion Methodist Church is located on Primrose Avenue (NY 139) in Somers New York United States. It is a white clapboard-sided church built near the end of the 18th century and heavily renovated around 1860. A century later in 1970 it was severely vandalized.It is the oldest church in Somers and important to the establishment of Methodism in New York as the dominant church in northern Westchester County for much of its history.
 Van Dick 73 also known as La vecindad de Teresa is the street address of the famous low-income apartment complex (vecindad) used in the 2010 telenovela Teresa starring Angelique Boyer. The vecindad was used as the home setting for Teresa Mariano Esperanza Juana and Cutberto and their families. It is located in the Benito Juárez delegación in Mexico City.The building boasts a simple architecture in the traditional Nonoalco colonia.
 Ghalib ki Haveli (Urdu: غالب کی حویلی‎ ALA-LC: G̱ẖālib kī Ḥawelī IPA: [ˈɣɑːlɪb kiː ɦəˈʋeːliː] lit.
 C.P. Washburn Grain Mill was an historic mill on Central and Cambridge Streets in Middleboro Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1899 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980. It was known primarily for producing animal feed. Feed produced by the mill was important to local agriculture including the poultry farming businesses that were common in the area in the early 1900s. The building has since been demolished.
 For information about Skylands an estate in Seal Harbour Maine see Martha Stewart.Skylands 1119 acres (4.5 km²) also known as the New Jersey Botanical Garden is a mansion and 96-acre (390000 m2) botanical garden in Ringwood State Park in the borough of Ringwood located within the Ramapo Mountains in Passaic County in the state of New Jersey United States. Its formal gardens are open to the public year round.
 Hogmire-Berryman Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district at Spielman Washington County Maryland United States. It dates from the late 18th or early 19th century includes a brick house an early 19th-century stone secondary dwelling the ruins of a stone outbuilding a stone root cellar a brick privy and a large stone end bank barn.
 The Morewood School Pittsfield Berkshire County Massachusetts was built as a single-room school in 1843. It was converted to a vacation cottage in the 1980s after serving for 130 years as a schoolhouse.The Morewood School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Originally located on 4 acres (1.6 ha) around 1825 the lot has been reduced to 1 acre (0.40 ha).
 The Green Hill Park Shelter is a historic shelter in Green Hill Park the largest city park of Worcester Massachusetts. It was designed by architect George H. Clemence and built in 1910-11. The Oriental style shelter consists of sixteen fieldstone piers supporting a hip roof with curved eaves and ridge. At its south end is an enclosed area designed for use as a concession stand.
 The Mandeville House is located on Lower Station Road (Putnam County Route 12) in Garrison New York United States just west of its intersection with NY 9D and 403. It is the oldest extant house in that community dating to 1735.During the Revolutionary War General Israel Putnam after whom the county is named was headquartered there for a while. A later occupant architect Richard Upjohn lived there for the last 25 years of his life.
 Cheung Kong Center (Chinese: 長江集團中心) is a skyscraper in Central Hong Kong designed by Cesar Pelli. It is 68 stories tall with height of 283 m (928 ft) and a gross floor area of 1260000-square-foot (117100 m2). When completed in 1999 it was the third-tallest building in the city. It sits on the combined sites of the former Hong Kong Hilton which was demolished in 1995/6 and Beaconsfield House sold by the Government in 1996.
 The Abraham Dickerson Farmhouse is a historic residence in the town of Montgomery in Orange County New York United States. It is located on West Searsville Road which was originally the driveway to its entrance.
 The Museu de Ciências Naturais da Fundação Zoobotânica do Rio Grande do Sul (Museum of Natural Sciences of the Rio Grande do Sul Zoobotanical Foundation) is a Brazilian museum located inside the Porto Alegre Botanical Garden.
 Six World Trade Center was an 8-story building in Lower Manhattan New York City. The building opened in 1973. It was also the building in the World Trade Center that had the least number of floors. The building served for a short period of time as the US Customs House. It was demolished in 2001 as a result of the September 11th terrorist attacks.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 104 West Davis Street in Fayette Missouri.The church structure was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Episcopal Church came to Missouri two years before the creation of the state in the person of the Rev. John Ward who arrived in St. Louis in 11819.
 The Museum für Moderne Kunst (English: Museum of Modern Art) or short MMK in Frankfurt Germany was founded in 1981. The museum was designed by the Viennese architect Hans Hollein. Because of its triangular shape it is called piece of cake.
 Cristo de la Concordia (Christ of Peace) is a statue of Jesus Christ located atop San Pedro Hill to the east of Cochabamba Bolivia. It is accessible by cable car or by climbing 2000 steps. The statue is 34.20 metres (112.2 ft) tall on a pedestal of 6.24 metres (20.5 ft) for a total height of 40.44 metres (132.7 ft).
 The Church of St Nicholas is a Grade I listed parish church in the village of Mavesyn Ridware Staffordshire England. The church is situated at the eastern end of the village approximately 370 m (1210 ft) north of the River Trent and just to the north of the Gatehouse of the former ancient Manor House. Although medieval in origin the church was partly demolished in 1782 leaving only the north aisle and west tower remaining from the older structure.
 The Gen. Samuel Chandler House is a historic house at 8 Goodwin Road in Lexington Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in 1846 to a design by architect Isaac Melvin. The Italianate style house features a three story campanile-style tower with a steeply pitched pyramidal roof and a bracketed roof line.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The First Oil Well in Oklahoma (also known as Old Faucett Well) is a historic oil well site in Wapanucka Oklahoma. It was drilled by H.W. Faucett who started work in 1885 on Choctaw land on behalf of the Choctaw Oil and Refining Company but the 1414-foot (431 m) well was not completed until 1888. A small amount of oil and gas was produced but the well was abandoned after the illness and death of Dr. Faucett later in 1888.
 The Fifth Avenue Hotel was a luxury hotel located at 200 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan New York City from 1859 to 1908. It occupied the full Fifth Avenue frontage between 23rd Street and 24th Street at the southwest corner of Madison Square.
 The Štefan Kukura Hospital and Polyclinic in Michalovce (Slovak: Nemocnica s poliklinikou Štefana Kukuru abbreviated to NsP-SKM) is a Slovak public hospital located in the Michalovce municipality in the Kosice Region in the far east close to the border with Ukraine. The current director of the hospital is Dr. Peter Rovder.
 The Chang Foundation Museum (Chinese: 鴻禧美術館; pinyin: Hóngxǐ Měishùguǎn) is a museum in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan.
 Museum Reksa Artha (Indonesian Reksa Artha Museum) is a history museum located in Jakarta Indonesia. The museum has a collection of historic items related to the printing of Indonesian rupiah.
 Palatine Bridge Freight House is a historic freight depot located at Palatine Bridge in Montgomery County New York. It is a rectangular limestone building constructed in the mid-1850s. It measures 300 feet long and is a fine example of a mid 19th century storage house. It has a low slope gable roof with overhanging eaves.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St John's Minster formerly the Church of St John the Evangelist is in Church Street in the centre of Preston Lancashire England. From its origin it has been the parish church of Preston. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Preston the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St George Preston. St John's is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Heckscher Museum of Art is named after its benefactor August Heckscher who in 1920 donated 185 works of art to be housed in a new Beaux-Arts building located in Heckscher Park in Huntington New York. Today the museum has over 2000 works of art focused mainly on American landscape paintings and work by Long Island artists as well as featuring American and European modernism and photography. The most famous painting in the collection is George Grosz’s “Eclipse of the Sun” (1926).
 Hartwood Presbyterian Church also known as the Yellow Chapel Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at the junction of VA 705 and 612 in Hartwood Stafford County Virginia. It was built between 1857 and 1859 and is a rectangular brick Greek Revival style church. The church was restored in 1866 after having been used by both sides during the American Civil War. During the war it was the site of Wade Hampton's November 1862 capture of 137 men of the 3rd Pennsylvania Cavalry.
 The Musée Gadagne is a museum located in the center of the Vieux Lyon in the Saint-Jean quarter in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon. It is composed of the Musée d'histoire de Lyon (Museum of Lyon History) and the Musée des marionnettes du monde (Museum of world puppets). The building was classified as monument historique in 1920. It was successively acquired by the city of Lyon between 1902 and 1941.
 The R.R Donnelley Printing Plant sometimes known as the Lakeside Press Building or more simply The Calumet Plant and now known as the Lakeside Technology Center was built between 1912 and 1929 to house the operations of the RR Donnelley printing company. The building supported printing operations for the company and was the Donnelley headquarters until 1991 when they moved the headquarters to 77 West Wacker. In 1993 the plant was closed after the discontinuation by Sears Roebuck and Co.
 Nationwide Children’s Hospital is a primary pediatric hospital in Columbus Ohio with more than 950 medical staff members and over 10000 total employees. In recent years the hospital has been ranked as one the best hospitals in the United States by US News & World Report. It is also the pediatric teaching hospital for The Ohio State University School of Medicine.
 Fonthill Mercer Museum and Moravian Pottery and Tile Works is a National Historic Landmark District located at Doylestown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It consists of three previously listed properties: Fonthill the Mercer Museum and the Moravian Pottery and Tile Works.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Oslo Public Library formally known as the Deichman Library (Norwegian: Deichmanske bibliotek) is the municipal public library serving Oslo Norway and is the country's first and largest library.Opening in 1785 after a bequest of 6000 books and an endowment from Carl Deichman the library now employs over 300 people and has sixteen branches throughout the city.The library contains several specialised departments such as The Multilingual Library which serves the entire country with its collection in approximately thirty-five languages the music department and the department for children and youth.The current neoclassical main building designed by Nils Reiersen dates from 1933. 
 The Canby Depot Museum is a railway and local history museum in Canby Oregon and housed in the former Canby Depot building. Exhibits include photographs school memorabilia a postal service and doctor/dentist displays antique toys telephones cameras and a print shop.The Canby Depot is the oldest train station in Oregon. The depot originally stood at the intersection of N. First and Grant Streets. It was moved to its current location at the corner of N.E.
 The Krasiński Palace (Polish: Pałac Krasińskich otherwise known as Palace of the Commonwealth — Pałac Rzeczypospolitej) is a baroque palace in Warsaw Poland. It is located on Krasiński Square (Plac Krasińskich).
 Old Bnai Zion Synagogue (also known as Sunset Palace) is a historic synagogue at 906 N. El Paso Street in El Paso Texas.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 F.O.J. Smith Tomb is an historic tomb in Evergreen Cemetery in Portland Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is the tomb of Francis Ormand Jonathan Smith US Congressman 1833-1839.
 The Coombs Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge which carries Coombs Bridge Road over the Ashuelot River in northern Winchester New Hampshire. The Town lattice truss bridge was built in 1837 probably by either Anthony Coombs or Anthony Coombs Jr. who lived nearby. The bridge is 107 feet (33 m) long and 14 feet (4.3 m) wide with a span of just under 102 feet (31 m). It rests on unmortared stone abutments and has a clearance over the river of about 11 feet (3.4 m).
 The Anglican Church of St Mary the Virgin Ewell is the civic church of the borough of Epsom and Ewell in the county of Surrey in South East England.
 The Costume Museum of Canada is dedicated to fashion and clothing. It is located in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.
 The Heimrich–Seufert House in The Dalles Oregon was built in 1927. Also known as John G. Heimrich House or the Edward Seufert House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 William Shirts House also known as Camperdown Farm is a historic home located at Scottsville in Monroe County New York. The vernacular Federal-style house was built about 1825. It is composed of a 2-story four-by-two-bay main block with a 2-story rear wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Bregentved is a manor house located 3 km east of Haslev on the Danish island of Zealand. It has been owned by the Moltke family since the middle of the 18th century.
 The Chateau Crillon Apartment House also known as the Cohen Apartment House and the Rittenhouse 222 Apartments is a historic high-rise building in the fashionable Rittenhouse Square section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA.The 27-story building was designed by architect Horace Trumbauer in the Lombardic Romanesque style and completed in 1928. The style was perhaps suggested by the newly built Shelton Hotel in New York City designed by A. L. Harmon.
 First Church of Evans Complex is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Derby in Erie County New York. The 5.5-acre (2.2 ha) property includes the church cemeteries farmhouse (manse) and historic Ingersoll barn with later additions that serves as a community clubhouse. The church is an eclectic Colonial Revival style structure designed by Buffalo architects Mann and Cook and constructed in 1915.
 Blarney Castle (Irish: Caisleán na Blarnan) is a medieval stronghold in Blarney near Cork Ireland and the River Martin. Though earlier fortifications were built on the same spot the current keep was built by the MacCarthy of Muskerry dynasty a cadet branch of the Kings of Desmond and dates from 1446. The noted Blarney Stone is found among the machicolations of the castle.
 The Medical Center of Southeastern Oklahoma also known as MCSO is a hospital located at 1800 University Boulevard in Durant Oklahoma. The hospital was founded in 1987 replacing the older Bryan Memorial Hospital.
 Pithari Taverna is a Greek restaurant located in Highland Park New Jersey. The restaurant was founded by Tassos and Chrisanthe Stefanopoulo in 2006; the two had gained experience after operating a Greek foods store next door New Athens Corner.Reception of the restaurant included multiple favorable reviews in The Star-Ledger the New Jersey section of The New York Times and New Jersey Monthly.
 The Patrick F. McCarthy House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Tudor Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament in Sacramento is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. It is the mother church and seat of Jaime Soto the ordinary bishop of the Diocese of Sacramento. The Cathedral is located downtown at the intersection of 11th and K Streets.Currently the cathedral is considered both a religious and civic landmark.
 Packwood House-American Hotel also known as the Packwood House Museum is a historic inn and tavern located at Lewisburg Union County Pennsylvania USA. It was originally built about 1813 and expanded about 1866. It is a three-story log and frame building with a gable roof. It has a two-story pent roof rear addition. It has housed a decorative arts museum since 1972.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is located in the Lewisburg Historic District.
 One Corporate Centre is an office skyscraper in Pasig City Metro Manila Philippines. It is the 13th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well with a height of 202 metres (662.73 feet) from ground to tip of architectural antenna. The building has 45 floors above ground including 7 floors for commercial purposes and 9 basement levels for parking.One Corporate Centre was designed by Philip H. Recto Architects and is developed and owned by Amberland Corporation.
 The Josephus Wolf House in a Victorian Italianate mansion built in 1875. The farm consisted of 4500 acres (1800 ha) in Portage Township Porter County. It was the center piece of a family farm that included four additional buildings for beef and dairy animals. The three story house has 7800 square feet (720 m2). The house consist of 18 rooms with pine molding and red oak floors. The main rooms include a formal parlor kitchen dining room sitting room study and several bedrooms.
 President's House is the official residence of the President of Sri Lanka located in Colombo Sri Lanka. It used to be the Queen's House until Sri Lanka became a Republic in 1972.
 The former Brandreth Pill Factory is a historic industrial complex located on Water Street in Ossining New York United States. It consists of several brick buildings from the 19th century in a variety of contemporary architectural styles. In 1980 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Most of the original buildings succumbed to fire in the 1870s but the oldest a Greek Revival building possibly designed by Calvin Pollard in the 1830s remains.
 Rufus Lamson House is an historic house at 72-74 Hampshire Street in Cambridge Massachusetts a few blocks from the Lamson Place.The house was apparently built and owned by Rufus Lamson (October 2 1809 - July 13 1879) and then inherited by his widow Mary Jane Lamson (Butler) (1812 - Unknown) whom he married at Boston on Thanksgiving Eve 1832. Rufus Lamson was a stone mason and a large holder of real estate known for his liberal treatment of the landlord and tenant relation.
 Thomas Huey Farm is a registered historic place in Big Bone Kentucky.It is a Gothic Revival house built in 1865 according to family history. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure with a three-bay facade. It incorporates a central entrance with side-lights and a transom window with Italianate brackets. It has been called the Old Brick from time immemorial.
 The Stockton Ordance Depot was a World War II vehicle repair facility supply depot and camp for German and Italian prisoners of war. The installation was also used as a USAF radar station and a DLA Defense Distribution Center.
 Commercial Hotel also known as River Front Hotel was built in 1898 in a simplified variation of the Second Empire style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The three story hotel is constructed of wood with a mansard roof third-floor dormers and wrought iron cresting which are all characteristic of the Second Empire style.
 The Rhode Island Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission often called RIHPHC is an agency run by the state of Rhode Island that aims to preserve the state's history and heritage. The commission works statewide to protect and upkeep historical buildings districts archæological sites and structures. It offers partial funding to those renovating or maintaining historical properties.
 Robin Chapel is an ecumenical Christian place of worship in the Craigmillar area of Edinburgh Scotland. It was built in memory of Lieutenant Robin Tudsbery who was killed in the closing days of World War II. The chapel sits within the grounds of the Thistle Foundation a housing complex for disabled people.
 The Hasbrouck House also known as the Evelyn Samuels Memorial Building is located on Market Street in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States next to the Amrita Club building. It was built in 1885 as the home of Frank Hasbrouck a local judge and historian.
 Oak Hill is a historic former farmhouse in the southern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located along Dun Road in Ross County it is one of the finest examples of sandstone farmhouses in the vicinity of the city of Chillicothe.The house was built by George William Dun a native of Scotland who settled near Chillicothe in 1838. Almost immediately upon taking up residence at the site he began the construction of his house which was completed in 1840.
 Sjöö Castle (modern spelling: Sjö) is a castle in the tiny Parish of Holm (population in the year 2000: 26) in the Municipality of Enköping in Uppland Sweden. The Sjöö Castle (English: Sea Castle) Palace with its park is considered one of the most beautiful in Sweden with its perfect and harmonious proportions.The recorded history of the courtyard of Sjöö Castle begins from the Middle Ages. In 1409 Peter Laurensson took over the estate.
 The John P. Parker House is a National Historic Landmark in Ripley Ohio. It was home to former slave and inventor John P. Parker from 1853 to his death in 1900 and was a stop on the Underground Railroad. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and it was further designated a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
 The Octagon House House Museum or also known as the John Moffat House is a stucco octagonal house in Hudson in the U.S. state of Wisconsin located at 1004 3rd Street. The home was built in 1855 by John (1814 Etna New York-1903 Hudson Wisconsin) and his wife Nancy Bennet (1822-1894) who moved to Hudson from Ithaca New York the previous year with their ten-year-old daughter.
 The Chatham County Courthouse in Pittsboro North Carolina sits at the center of town in the middle of a traffic circle. It was built for $10666 and had an extra story added in 1930. In 1959 extensive renovations were performed on the building. A fire on March 24 2010 did great damage to the building which was in the midst of another renovation. The restored building reopened April 20 2013 with an exhibit covering Chatham County history on the first floor and a courtroom on the second.
 The Carlyle is a 300ft (91m) tall skyscraper at Fourth Avenue and Wood Street in Pittsburgh. It was completed in 1906 and has 21 floors. It is tied with Washington Plaza and the Commonwealth Building for 27th tallest building in the city.
 Carmelite Friary Newcastle-upon-Tyne was a friary in Tyne and Wear England.
 The Judge Isaac Wilson House is a historic residence in Batavia Illinois. It was the home of Isaac Wilson a former Congressman who moved to the Batavia region and later named the settlement. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Peartree House is a Grade II listed building in the Peartree Green area of Southampton England. The oldest part of the property was built for Francis Mylles M.P. for Winchester using stone from the Roman settlement at Clausentum. The most notable former resident of the property was Lieutenant-General Henry Shrapnel who invented the weapon named after him. The property is now used as a care home for patients with mental health problems.
 Goulburn Base Hospital is a public district hospital located in the city of Goulburn New South Wales in Australia. The hospital is situated on Goldsmith Street approximately 1 km (0.62 mi) from the Central Business District. The hospital is operated by Southern NSW Local Health District and serves as a regional referral facility providing a range of general surgical and some specialist services. It is a teaching hospital affiliated with the Australian National University based in Canberra.
 The Leiffer House also known as the Kidd-Fink House was built in 1923 near Estes Park Colorado. The house was built in a rustic style using fire-killed timber in a unique local adaptation of the American Craftsman style more prevalent in Southern California. The land was owned from 1901 to 1917 by Enos A. Mills the father of Rocky Mountain National Park. Mills sold the property to May L. Kidd who built the house.
 Ezikial Perry House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York USA. It is a two-story Italianate style frame dwelling built about 1870. It sits on a stone foundation and has a low-pitched hipped roof with dormers and cupola. Also on the property are two wood frame sheds dated to about 1870.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 East Walnut Hills Firehouse is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on February 17 1983. It is located at Madison Rd. and Hackberry St. in the East Walnut Hills neighborhood.Built in 1886 it accommodated the Fire Company No. 23 and Ladder Company No. 9.
 The Knoxville Museum of Art (KMA) is a contemporary art museum located at 1050 World's Fair Park in Knoxville Tennessee. The KMA is committed to developing exhibitions by emerging artists of national and international reputation.
 This Milestone carved in 1790 is a historic milestone at the intersection of Appleton Street and Paul Revere Road in Arlington Massachusetts. It denotes the point at which the historic road from Boston to Concord Massachusetts was 8 miles (13 km) from Boston. The road was realigned (to roughly the current alignment of Massachusetts Avenue) in 1811 bypassing the marker.
 St Andrew's Church is the Church of England parish church of Burnham-on-Sea in the English county of Somerset. Of medieval origins the church is a grade I listed building well known for its leaning tower.
 The Harry S. Truman Farm Home also known as the Solomon Young Farm was the residence of future US president Harry S. Truman from 1906 to 1917. The house is part of Harry S. Truman National Historic Site.The Truman Farm Home is located 15 miles (24 km) away from Independence in Grandview Missouri.
 The Watson House is located just east of Charlestown Indiana's town square. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. Originally on the site was the James Bigger-built Green Tree Tavern (1812) where Jonathan Jennings the first governor of Indiana was given an Inaugural Ball in 1816.
 Hotel Tobruk is a historic hotel in Tobruk Libya. It was built in 1937.It provided shelter for Erwin Rommel during the Siege of Tobruk in World War II.
 Haghpat Monastery also known as Haghpatavank (Հաղպատավանք in Armenian) is a medieval Armenian monastery complex in Haghpat Armenia.Described as a masterpiece of religious architecture and a major center of learning in the Middle Ages this venerable institution of the Armenian Apostolic Church was placed on UNESCO's World Heritage List in 1996.The monastery was founded by Saint Nishan (Sourb Nshan) in the 10th century during the reign of King Abas I.
 The 411 East Wisconsin Center is a high-rise located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was built in 1985 on the former site of the Goldsmith Building.
 De Gieser Wildeman is a restaurant in Noordeloos Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2006–present.
 The Robinson-Macken House is a historic home in west downtown Austin Texas.The home is located at 702 Rio Grande. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Smithsonian Affiliations is a division of the Smithsonian Institution that establishes long-term partnerships with non-Smithsonian museums and educational and cultural organizations in to order share collections exhibitions and educational strategies and conduct joint research.Partner organizations are known as “Smithsonian Affiliates” and are allowed to use the tag line In Association with the Smithsonian Institution and the approved Smithsonian Affiliations logo on their website programming and marketing material. 
 The Sea Gull is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1901 at Pocomoke City Maryland. She is a 46-foot-long (14 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 15.9 feet (4.8 m) and a depth of 1.6 feet (0.49 m); her gross tonnage is 10 register tons. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 Burrough-Dover House is located in Pennsauken Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 25 1973.
 Blatnica Castle (Slovak: Blatnický hrad) is a Gothic castle whose ruins are situated near the village of Blatnica on the foot of the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia.The castle was built in the 13th century to protect a major trade route running from Nitra to the north. Soon afterwards it became a royal castle but the kings lost their interest in the castle's development after a new route through Mošovce and Martin was built.
 Northern Lights Shopping Center is a strip mall located in Economy Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh. While it continues to serve as a traditional community-style strip mall for the immediate area it was a major power center-style strip mall from its opening until the early 2000s. Due to the high vacancy rate at the plaza it is today largely considered a dead mall.
 Bishopstrow House currently occupied by the Bishopstrow House Hotel is a late Georgian English country house standing near the B3414 (Salisbury Road) in the parish of Bishopstrow about a mile east of Warminster Wiltshire.
 This article is about an historic district in Atlanta. For the Baltimore red-light district see The Block (Baltimore).Baltimore Block is a series of eight rowhouses in the SoNo district of Atlanta Georgia. Rowhouses of the kind that are abundant in Baltimore are an unusual housing type in Atlanta where duplexes or semidetached housing such as shotgun houses were more common forms of high-density housing. Built in 1885 by Baltimore native Jacob J.
 The Chippewa County Courthouse is a government building located on Court Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is one of the oldest courthouses still in use in Michigan.
 doual'art is a non profit cultural organisation and art centre founded in 1991 in Douala Cameroon and focussed on new urban practices of African cities.
 State Street Bank Building also known as 225 Franklin Street is a high-rise building located in the Financial District Boston Massachusetts. The building stands at 477 feet (145 meters) with 33 floors and was completed in 1966. It is tied with 33 Arch Street as the 19th-tallest building in Boston. The architectural firm who designed the building was F.A. Stahl & Associates.
 The Ephriam DuPuy Stone House is located on Whitfield Road near the hamlet of Kerhonkson New York United States in the Ulster County town of Rochester. It was built in the mid-18th century.It has been very well preserved since the time of its construction. In 1995 it and a wellhouse on the property were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Nathan C. Aldrich House and Resthaven Chapel are an historic house and chapel at 111 Providence Street in Mendon Massachusetts. The date of construction of Nathan Aldrich's stone house is not known; it is estimated to have been built c. 1830 based on its Greek Revival details. Stone farmhouses of the period are rare in Mendon and are predominantly associated with Quakers like Aldrich.
 Iaan Exodium also known as Iaan Taewha River Exodium consists of two twin 54-floors 201 m (659 ft) residential skyscrapers currently topped-out in Ulsan South Korea and finishing construction in 2010. They have become the two tallest buildings in South Korea's seventh largest metropolis Ulsan becoming the city's new landmark icon.
 The Shangri-La Hotel is a 43-floor hotel tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 200 m. Construction of the Shangri-La Hotel was completed in July 2003. The hotel was the first business venture of the Hong Kong based Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts brand into the United Arab Emirates. Upon completion the Shangri-La Hotel became Dubai's sixth tallest building. It was built by South African construction firm Murray and Roberts.
 St Austin's Church Grassendale is in Aigburth Road Grassendale Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the parish of St Wilfrid's and the Archdiocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Laurence's Church Norwich or St Lawrence's Church is a redundant Anglican church in St Benedict's Street Norwich Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands on a sloping site between Westwick Street and St Benedict's Street.
 Earhart House also known as Earhart Farm #2 and Walters Farm is a historic home located near Ellett Montgomery County Virginia. The house was built about 1856 and is a two-story frame dwelling with an integral two-story rear ell. It has a central passage plan. The front facade features a one-story porch with a hipped roof. Also on the property is a contributing 1 1/2-story log house or kitchen.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The former Eighth Precinct Police Station is a building located at 4150 Grand River Avenue in the Woodbridge Historic District of Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Swany White Flour Mills was a small flour mill in Freeport Minnesota United States. The miller was Gary Thelen and the mill had been owned by the Thelen family since 1903. The mill is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Freeport Roller Mill and Miller's House. On Tuesday December 27 2011 a fire destroyed the 114-year-old mill. The mill was a total loss. The miller's house built in 1900 remains standing.
 Masonic Building is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 16 1986.
 The Jesús Soto Museum of Modern Art (Museo de Arte Moderno Jesús Soto) is a modern art museum in Ciudad Bolívar Venezuela. It is named after the kinetic artist and sculptor Jesús Soto who was born in Ciudad Bolívar. As well as showcasing a number of Soto's works the museum includes art by international artists particularly pieces with movement and dynamics. The architect was Carlos Raúl Villanueva.
 Until 2004 the Fred C. Nelles Youth Correctional Facility was in essence a prison for youth located on Whittier Boulevard in Whittier California. Operated by the California Youth Authority now part of California Department of Corrections it once quartered young people who had gotten in trouble with the law until it was closed by the state of CA in June 2004.
 Reid-White-Philbin House also known as Evergreen House is a historic home located at Lexington Virginia. It was built in 1821 and is a two-story Federal style brick dwelling. It features an early entry porch supported by Ionic order columns A two-story brick addition was made to the left-hand gable end in 1847. The addition has a two-tier front portico and a post-bellum conservatory with bay window.
 The Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Port Republic Calvert County Maryland United States. The church is a three-bay-wide five bays long beige stucco covered structure featuring stained glass in most of the tall paired round-arched sash windows. It is the mother Episcopal Church of Calvert County and its oldest continually worshipping congregation. Middleham Chapel was started from this congregation as a Chapel of Ease.
 For the Pomeranian castle see Veste Landskron.Landskron is a ruined castle (German: Burgruine Landskron Slovene: Grad Vajškra) northeast of Villach in the state of Carinthia Austria.The estate near Lake Ossiach was first mentioned in a 878 deed issued by the East Frankish king Carloman of Bavaria who granted it to the monastery of Altötting he had established shortly before.
 The Château de Domeyrat is a castle of Auvergne. It is located in the commune of Domeyrat in the Haute-Loire department of central France.It has been listed since 1983 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Fourth & Walnut Center (previously known by the names Clopay Building and the First National Bank Building) is a building in Cincinnati Ohio. It was the tallest in the state for many years. The building was designed by Burnham & Associates and completed in 1904.The architect Daniel Burnham of Chicago designed the Clopay Building (a combination of the words clothing and paper) in the Chicago school.
 The Chestnut Hill Meetinghouse (also known as South Parish Meeting House) is an historic meeting house at the corner of Chestnut and Thayer Streets in Millville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame meetinghouse was built in 1769. It is very plainly decorated with only its door surrounds of architectural interest. They consist of pilasters flanking the door which is topped by a full triangular pediment. The interior consists of a large meeting chamber in which stand 26 box pews.
 St John the Baptist Church is a Roman Catholic church in Toodyay Western Australia. It was built and consecrated in 1963. It is the second church of that name replacing the one built in 1863.
 The Church of St. Mary of the Priory (Italian: Chiesa di Santa Maria del Priorato) can also be known by its previous name of St. Mary on the Aventine (Italian: Santa Maria in Aventino). It is the monastery church of the Priory of the Knights of Malta on the Aventine Hill in Rome and is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. The original church was built in 939 when Odo of Cluny was given the Roman palace of Alberic II of Spoleto which was then converted into a Cluniac Benedictine monastery.
 Bank of Korea Museum (Hangul: 한국은행 화폐금융박물관; hanja: 韓國銀行貨幣金融博物館) is an economics and numismatics museum in Seoul founded by the Bank of Korea in 2001. Its address is 110 Namdaemunno 3-ga Jung-gu Seoul. The museum is housed in a designated historic building in Seoul constructed in 1912 and previously the head office of the Bank of Korea.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Berkeley California. Established in 1924 as the Berkeley Hebrew Center it traces its origins to the First Hebrew Congregation of Berkeley founded in 1909. It was Berkeley's first synagogue and remains its oldest. Lay-led for four decades it hired its first rabbi Saul Berman in 1963.Berman served until 1969 and was succeeded by Yosef Leibowitz who served for 15 years.
 Solaris Center - is a commercial and entertainment complex in Opole Poland located on the Copernic Square (pl. Plac Kopernika) next to the University of Opole. The Center was opened on March 4 2009.
 The Star Sydney Casino & Hotel (formerly Star City Casino and prior to that Sydney Harbour Casino) in Pyrmont Sydney is the second largest casino in Australia after rival Melbourne's Crown Casino. Overlooking Darling Harbour The Star Sydney Casino features two gaming floors eight bars seven restaurants 351 hotel rooms and 130 serviced and privately owned apartments. It also includes the 2000 seat Lyric Theatre.
 Parker Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular frame residence in a Saltbox form. It was modernized in the 1860s at which time a front verandah was added. Also on the property are two barns a wagon shed and corn crib.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Busanjinjiseong Fortress (also known as Jaseongdae) is located at Beomil-dong Dong-gu Busan Metropolitan City the Republic of Korea. The existing wall-fortress remains were constructed by the Japanese military during the Japanese invasion of Korea (1592-1598).There are two assertions on the name of Jaseong (Subordinate Castle). One is that the wall-fortress on the current Mt.Jeungsan Jwacheon-dong is the mother castle and accordingly called Jaseong.
 The Château Borély is a chateau in the southern part of Marseille France.
 West Brooksville Congregational Church is an historic church in West Brooksville Maine on the east side of ME 176 1 mile northwest of the junction with Varnum Road.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. Worship is held every Sunday mornings at 10 a.m. Sunday School begins at 9 a.m. Communion is served the first Sunday of every month.
 Elisha Camp House is a historic home located at Sackets Harbor in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1808–1815 and is a 2 1⁄2-story red brick building that is a remarkably well preserved example of an elegant Federal-style dwelling. It features flat geometric carving; Adamesque ornament; Palladian windows; elliptical fanlights; and a quality of reserve and refinement.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Westfield Massachusetts United States. Founded 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
 Church San Juan Bautista y San Ramón Nonato of Juana Díaz is a Spanish Colonial church built in 1809 in Juana Díaz Puerto Rico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The American Legion Cabin on US Alt. 95 in Potlatch Idaho was constructed in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 because of its historically significant architecture. It was designed as a bungalow with American Craftsman influenceBungalow/Craftsman architecture and served as a clubhouse.
 The Emmanuel DeHodiamont House is a house located at 951 Maple Place in the West End neighborhood of St. Louis Missouri. The house was originally constructed about 1830 by local farmer Emmanuel DeHodiamont and was modified into the Gothic Revival style about 1875. It shares the status of being the oldest extant residence in the city of St. Louis with the Lewis Bissell House and it is the oldest privately owned building in St. Louis. It was listed as a St.
 Nelson Rhodehouse House is a historic house at 131 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts.The Greek Revival house was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 One Ninety One Peachtree Tower is a 235 m (771 ft) 50-story skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. Designed by Johnson/Burgee Architects and Kendall/Heaton Associates Inc the building was completed in 1990 and is the fourth tallest in the city winning the BOMA Building of the Year Awards the next year repeating in 1998 and 2003. Throughout the 1990s 191 Peachtree was considered Atlanta's premier business address.
 The Clark Avenue Railroad Underpass also known as the Bonanza Underpass is a bridge and underpass in Las Vegas Nevada United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge is so named since at the time of construction it crossed Clark Avenue which was later renamed to Bonanza Road.
 Roudebush Farm is a historic farmstead located southeast of Harrison in northwestern Hamilton County Ohio United States. It was established in the 1850s with the construction of a small frame residence. This building the original farmhouse was built just one story tall and composed of two rooms.
 The Church of San Pellegrino in Vaticano (English: Saint Peregrine in the Vatican) is an ancient Roman Catholic oratory in the Vatican City located on the Via dei Pellegrini. The church is dedicated to Saint Peregrine of Auxerre a Roman priest appointed by Pope Sixtus II who had suffered martyrdom in Gaul in the third century.
 The Old Harrison County Courthouse located in Magnolia Iowa United States was built in 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Allestree Hall is a 19th-century former country house situated in Allestree Park Allestree Derby. It is a Grade II* listed building but has been unoccupied for many years and has been placed on the Heritage at Risk Register.The Mundy family owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Francis Noel Clarke Mundy sold it to Thomas Evans in 1781. It was later the home of William Evans and of his son Sir Thomas William Evans 1st Baronet.
 Bailey Farm Windmill is an historic windmill in North Anson Maine.The windmill was built in 1905 and added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 The Jumbo Hostel at Arlanda Airport near Stockholm Sweden is a hostel located inside a decommissioned 747-200 jetliner. It opened in 2008.
 Los Adaes was the capital of Tejas on the northeastern frontier of New Spain from 1729 to 1770. It included a mission San Miguel de Linares de los Adaes and a presidio Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Los Adaes (Our Lady of Pilar of the Adaes). The site is located in the present-day Natchitoches Parish Louisiana. The Los Adaes State Historic Site preserves the site.
 The Swedish Zion Lutheran Church in Bottineau County North Dakota near Souris is a historic church that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in April 2013.Located just two miles from the border with Canada and about eight miles northeast of Souris the church was is built of stone and with white clapboards. It was built in 1903. No longer serving as a church it has been maintained well.
 Rivington Hall Barn adjoins Rivington Hall in Rivington Lancashire near Chorley and Bolton. The barn may date from between the 9th and 13th centuries but more likely the 16th century and was restored altered and enlarged in 1905 by Jonathan Simpson for Lord Leverhulme. It is a Grade II Listed building.
 Farmfield Plantation House is a two-and-one half story frame residence built in 1854 for William Ravenel a prominent Charleston businessman and banker. It is significant as a largely unaltered antebellum plantation house one of the few in St. Andrew’s Parish which survived the American Civil War. The interior has been modified but the house and immediate environment retain integrity from the time of William Ravenel.
 The Church of Saint John the Baptist at the Béguinage (French: Saint-Jean-Baptiste au Béguinage Dutch: Sint-Jan-de-Doper op Het Begijnhof) is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Brussels Belgium. Attributed to the Flemish architect Lucas Faydherbe this building is a notable illustration of the Italian-influenced Flemish Baroque style of the 17th century. The church was part of the béguinage Notre-Dame de la Vigne of Brussels.
 Westfield Vancouver formerly known as Vancouver Mall is a shopping mall owned by Westfield Group and is located in Vancouver Washington. It is anchored by JCPenney Macy's Nordstrom and Sears.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at 410 NW 2nd Street in Mineral Wells Texas.The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Reyvissche Castle is a castle in Zwijnaarde Belgium.
 The Chinese General Hospital stands unique among the hospitals of Manila. It is one of the oldest being founded in Spanish colonial times. It was founded purely from charitable donations of well-meaning Chinese immigrants and it has steadily grown in fame and service in its 113 years of existence.One key to the hospital's success is the backing of a strong association the Philippine Chinese Charitable Association or PCCA.
 The Richter Brewery also known as the Delta Building is a commercial building located at 1615 Ludington Street in Escanaba Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 First Presbyterian Church of Tonkawa is a historic church at 109 S. 4th Street in Tonkawa Oklahoma.It was built in 1905. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Lead Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia e Plumbit) is a historical mosque in Shkodër northwestern Albania. It is located on a small lake and is not functional.It took the name Lead Mosque because all of its cupolas were covered with lead.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Lander Wyoming was built in 1907 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Lander was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. Lander's post office is unique among the group because it incorporates court facilities.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Parish House located at 302 West 3rd Street at Holly Avenue in South Pittsburg Tennessee are historic Carpenter Gothic structures which were added on August 22 1977 to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St Mary Magadalene Newark-on-Trent is a parish church in the Church of England in Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Yacht Club Tower is a skyscraper of 57 floors and 215 meters high located on Avenida Balboa Panama City. He was in charge of the firm of architects Panamanian Mallol & Mallol. As its name suggests the concept of this building is that of a boat the plants have the shape of a yacht looking towards the sea. The auction culminates in a building shaped tip coated glass knife. Its construction was completed in 2011.Now is one of the tallest skyscrapers of Avenida Balboa.
 The Emanuel Lutheran Church of Montra is a historic church in Jackson Township Shelby County Ohio United States. Located in the unincorporated community of Montra north-northeast of the county seat of Sidney it is the congregation's second building.Montra was platted in 1849 but five years passed before any buildings were erected at the site. St. Emanuel's Lutheran Church was organized in a Montra storeroom in 1860 with a membership of sixteen families.
 The Shafer Barn is a two-and-a-half story gambrel-roofed barn that was built in 1920 near Hoxie Kansas. It is located on County Road 50S 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of County Road 80E in West Saline Township. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.It was deemed significant as an excellent example of the gambrel roof type which was just becoming more common than gable roofs in new barns in Kansas in the 1920s for their increased capacity for hay storage.
 Bowling Eldridge House also known as Ridgecrest is a historic plantation home located near Lynchburg Bedford County Virginia. It was built between 1822 and 1828 and is a two-story five bay dwelling of mortise-and-tenon frame construction. It has a gable roof with metal sheathing exterior gable-end brick chimneys a brick foundation and beaded weatherboard siding. There is also an integral or earlier two-story ell with an exterior gable-end brick chimney and a pent room.
 The Shops at Prudential Center is an urban shopping center located at the base of the Prudential Tower in Boston Massachusetts. The mall lies adjacent to many other destinations such as: Hynes Convention Center the 101/111 Huntington Avenue office towers and a skywalk connecting it to Copley Place.The shopping complex is anchored by Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue and is home to over 75 specialty retailers including upscale stores such as Lacoste Club Monaco and more. The St.
 Thomas Bull House also known as Robert's Plantation Redding Plantation and Mt. Pleasant is a historic home located in East Nantmeal Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house is in three parts. The oldest section was built about 1715. It is part of the two-story four bay eastern section of the stone dwelling. The two-story three bay third section was probably built between 1783 and 1796.
 The Grand Village of the Illinois also called Old Kaskaskia Village is a site significant for being the best documented historic Native American village in the Illinois River valley. It was a large agricultural village of Native Americans of the Illini confederacy located on the north bank of the Illinois River near the present town of Utica Illinois. French explorers Louis Joliet and Father Jacques Marquette came across it in 1673.
 Berrima Correctional Centre is a former Australian prison located at Berrima New South Wales. The Centre was operational between 1839 and 2011 with a number of breaks in between. Initially established as Berrima Gaol the facility closed in 1909 and reopened in 1949 as the Berrima Training Centre. At the time of its closure the Centre was the oldest Australian correctional facility in operation.
 Elliot-Bester House is a historic home located in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick dwelling painted yellow and trimmed with black and white. The home is associated with Commodore Jesse D. Elliott who spent his boyhood years there.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Spinner House is a historic home located at Spinnerstown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay frame and brick dwelling with a gable roof and 2-story rear addition. Three sides of the house are covered in shiplap siding and the fourth in brick. It is in the Italianate style. The interior features notable stencil work.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Bathurst Correctional Complex an Australian medium security prison for males is located in Bathurst New South Wales three kilometres west of the central business district. The facility is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The Complex accepts felons charged and convicted under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation and serves as a reception prison for Western New South Wales.
 The Sungai Buloh Prison is the largest prison complex in Malaysia. This prison is located at Jalan Kuala Selangor-Sungai Buloh road near Paya Jaras Selangor. It was opened on 1996 to replace the Pudu Prison Kuala Lumpur.
 Peter's Point (also known as the Isaac Jenkins Mikell House) was built by Isaac Jenkins Mikell in 1840. The house sits at the junction of St. Pierre’s Creek and Fishing Creek overlooking Saint Helena Sound. The site was Gen. Lafayette’s departure point from the island in 1826 after he visited the island during a southern tour. The house displays early Edisto Island plantation and Greek Revival styles. The two-story house has a low gabled roof with a pedimented boxed cornice.
 Fulham Correctional Centre is a medium security Australian prison located in Hopkins Road Sale Victoria Australia. The prison consists of mainstream medium and minimum (fenced and unfenced) security cell blocks management (solitiary) and a protection unit.
 The Hemingway-Pfeiffer House also known as the Pfeiffer House and Carriage House is a house in Piggott Arkansas where novelist Ernest Hemingway wrote portions of his novel A Farewell to Arms. Ernest Hemingway was married to Pauline Pfeiffer the daughter of the owners of the house Paul and Mary Pfeiffer.The house is now the home of Arkansas State University's Hemingway-Pfeiffer Museum and Educational Center.
 Drazark monastery (Armenian: Դրազարկ վանք) a destroyed monastic complex of Armenian Apostolic Church in Adana province of modern Turkey which lies about 24 km. north of the city of Sis - historical capital of Cilician Armenia at one of inaccessible slopes of Cilician Taurus range (middle part of the Taurus Mountains).
 Multnomah County Courthouse serves as the courthouse for Multnomah County Oregon and its Sheriff's Office. It is located in downtown Portland Oregon the county seat. It currently includes 39 courtrooms 36 of which are district courts two are traffic courts and one used for forced eviction detainment.
 The Grand in Ellsworth Maine is an Art Deco theatre and commercial building complex that was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 1 2012.An arsonist destroyed much of the Ellsworth business district in 1933. To assist in the economic recovery the city built a new commercial block on Main Street. It was designed by Boston architects Krokyn & Brown.
 The Slocum House is a Victorian style house located in Vancouver Washington in the United States. The style also has been called Carpenter Victorian to emphasize both the vertical Italianate features and the skill of craftsmanship believed to be the work of Edward Slocum brother of the owner. Ornamental medallions inside the house were signed and included patent dates from 1842 and 1846 although the house is believed by some to have been constructed in 1867.
 The Woodrow Wilson Boyhood Home in Augusta Georgia is a historic house museum owned and operated by Historic Augusta Inc. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on October 6 2008.
 Linchester Mill is a historic grist mill located at Preston in Caroline County Maryland United States. It was built about 1840 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame building sided in red-painted weatherboard and roofed with raised-seam metal. It is four bays long and two bays deep with a two-story lean-to addition.
 The Joseph Twitchell House is a historic house at 32 Pleasant Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.It was built circa 1710 or possibly 1690 with north wing dating from the early 1800s and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It is a salt box house 3 wide bays with massive central chimney internally laid out as a central hall one room on either side and lean-to at the rear. The Georgian front door is flanked by Doric pilasters and multi-pane transom.
 Château de Monbazillac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 229 West 43rd Street formerly known as The New York Times Building is an American 18-story (267 feet; 81 metres) office building located at 229 West 43rd Street in the Times Square neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City New York. It was the headquarters of The New York Times newspaper from 1913 through 2007.
 Jaungulbene Manor (Latvian: Jaungulbenes muižas pils; German: Schloss Neu-Schwanenburg) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. It was built in Tudor neo-Gothic style and completed in 1878. From 1927 until the 1990s the building housed an agricultural school.
 Chaplin Historic District in Chaplin Connecticut is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978.It includes the Witter House which is separately NRHP-listed.
 DeBary Hall is a historic site in DeBary Florida United States. It is located at 210 Sunrise Boulevard. On July 24 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Frederick DeBary was a wine importer for Mumms Champaign and built DeBary Hall in 1871 as his hunting retreat along the St. John’s River in central Florida.
 The Crescent Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in Limerick Ireland. Located on what was at one time the outskirts of the city in Dooradoyle the centre now lies between the suburb of Raheen and the city proper. The complex in its original form was opened in 1973 making it one of the earlier shopping centres to open in Ireland (the earliest 'modern' shopping centre in Ireland was opened in 1966 at Stillorgan in Dublin).
 St Pancras Hospital is a public hospital in the St Pancras/Somers Town area of London near Camden Town. The hospital specialises in geriatric and psychiatric medicine.The hospital was formerly the St Pancras Workhouse. The Workhouse dates back to before 1777 and the hospital is partly housed in the original buildings. From 1951 to 1998 some of its buildings (the former maternity wards) were occupied by the London Hospital for Tropical Diseases.
 The Marconi Wireless Station Site in South Wellfleet Massachusetts is the site of the first transatlantic wireless communication between the United States and Europe.
 The W. Ben Hunt Cabin is located in Hales Corners Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The luxury five star Royal Cliff Hotels Group consists of 4 hotels and a multipurpose convention centre situated between Jomtien and South Pattaya Thailand. Occupying 64 acres (26 ha) of parkland overlooking the East Coast of the Gulf of Thailand.
 The Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie is the biggest science museum in Europe. Located in Parc de la Villette in Paris France it is at the heart of the Cultural Center of Science Technology and Industry (CCSTI) a center promoting science and science culture.About five million people visit the Cité each year.
 Saint-Étienne de Metz (French for Saint-Stephen of Metz) also known as Metz Cathedral is a historic Roman Catholic cathedral in Metz capital of Lorraine France. Saint-Étienne de Metz is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metz and the seat of the Bishop of Metz currently Pierre Raffin.
 The Phillip Walker House (also known as the Philip Walker House or Deacon Walker House) is an historic American Colonial house on 432 Massasoit Avenue in East Providence Rhode Island.Although originally thought to have been constructed in 1679 the current house was likely built around 1724 on the foundation of an earlier house. It is the oldest sawn timber-frame house in Rhode Island. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Omaha Bolt Nut and Screw Building is a warehouse building at 1316 Jones Street in Omaha Nebraska that was built in 1889. It was designed by architect Henry Voss for the Omaha Bolt Nut & Screw Company a hardware distributor based in Omaha.
 The Pullman District as it has been designated on the list of Chicago Landmarks or Pullman Historic District as it has been designated on the National Register of Historic Places was the first model planned industrial community in the United States. The district is significant for its historical origins in the Pullman Company one of the most famous company towns in the United States and scene of the violent 1894 Pullman strike.
 The Park Tower is an historic structure located in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1988 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 500 Place d'Armes is an International style building on the historic Place d'Armes square in Old Montreal quarter of Montreal Quebec Canada.Completed in 1968 as the Banque canadienne nationale tower it is Montreal's 11th tallest building at 133 m (435 ft) 32 storeys.
 The South Pointe Drive–Frenchman's Creek Bridge is a bridge located on South Pointe Drive over Frenchman's Creek in Grosse Ile Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Cascade County Courthouse in Great Falls Montana is a historic courthouse built in 1901-1903. Founded in 1887 Cascade County conducted its business from several office buildings in town until the courthouse was built. The full city block site was purchased in 1891 at a cost of $20000 but there was not enough tax revenue for the county to build a courthouse until a decade later. The grey sandstone used in construction was quarried within six miles of the building.
 St. Joseph is a Roman Catholic church in Brookfield Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Radiohuset (literally Radio House) is the former headquarters of national Danish broadcaster DR located on Rosenørns Allé in Frederiksberg Copenhagen. The building complex was inaugurated in 1945 to a Functionalist design by Vilhelm Lauritzen and later expanded in 1958 and 1972. Vacated by DR when DR Byen was inaugurated in 2006 the buildings now house the Royal Danish Academy of Music as well as the Museum of Music once it reopens. The complex also contains a concert hall.
 Big Spring Cafe is a greasy spoon restaurant located in Huntsville Alabama. It opened in 1928 and is the oldest restaurant in the city. It is often noted as a landmark in the city and as one of Huntsville's signature restaurants.
 Fort Scott National Historic Site is a historical area under the control of the United States National Park Service in Bourbon County Kansas United States. Named after General Winfield Scott who achieved renown during the Mexican-American War during the middle of the 19th century the fort served as a military base for US Army action in what was the edge of settlement in 1850.
 The Boston and Maine Railroad Depot is a historic train station at 36 Pine Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It is a single story brick building resting on a granite foundation with a shallow hipped roof. The roof is pierced by cross gables which have fanlight windows. The building was constructed in 1895 to replace the original wood frame building erected when the Boston and Lowell arrived in 1863.
 Gloversville Free Library is a historic library building located at Gloversville in Fulton County New York. It was built in 1904 with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919 and one of 107 in New York State. Carnegie contributed $50000 toward the cost to build. It is a two story Beaux-Arts style building.
 The Avero House also known as the Site of Minorcan Chapel or the St. Photios Greek Orthodox National Shrine is a historic home in St. Augustine Florida United States. It is located at 41 St. George Street. On June 13 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The St. Photios Greek Orthodox National Shrine is dedicated to the first colony of Greek people who came to America in 1768. The Shrine includes the St.
 The Mountain Homeplace (also known as the Mountain HomePlace) is a living history museum located within Paintsville Lake State Park in Staffordsville Kentucky. The museum is a recreation of a mid-nineteenth century farming community and includes a blacksmith shop one room schoolhouse church cabin and a barn with farm grounds. These structures were all moved from nearby locations in the early 1980s to prevent them from being submerged underneath the planned Paintsville Lake.
 The Grand Theatre is a historic theater located in Wheaton Illinois. It opened on May 25 1925 with 1000 seats and hosted live drama silent films and vaudeville performances. The theater changed hands many times in the 20th century and at various times was known as the Paramount Theatre and The Wheaton Theatre. In the late 1990s the theater was used for second-run films and more recently as a small concert hall for rock and roll bands.
 The R.P. Turnbull House is a historic house at 6 Pine Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The ornately decorated Italianate house was built c. 1865 for R. P. Turnbull a partner in the Tidd Tannery. The main block of the house follows a typical Italianate three bay plan with a large central cross gable section on the roof. The central entry is sheltered by an elaborately decorated porch and the flanking bay windows are topped by roof sections with decorative brackets.
 The Co-cathedral of Saint Mary (Valencian: Cocatedral de Santa Maria Spanish: Concatedral de Santa María) is the cathedral of Castelló de la Plana located in the comarca of Plana Alta in the Valencian Community.
 The First Regiment Armory Annex commonly known as the Portland Armory is a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. It was built in 1891 by Multnomah County to house the Oregon National Guard. In 2000 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Following a renovation project that lasted from 2002 to 2006 the building now houses Gerding Theater used primarily by the theatre group Portland Center Stage.
 Kōchi Castle (高知城 Kōchi-jō) is a castle located in Kōchi Kōchi Prefecture Japan.
 Musheerabad Jail was a correctional facility located in Musheerabad area of Hyderabad India. The facility was demolished in 2003 and a hospital and a medical college were constructed in the same area.Prior to its demolition director Nagesh Kukunoor obtained a stay order for some time in order to complete filming of 3 Deewarein (2003).
 The Museum of Libya is a museum located in Tripoli Libya.
 Quaker Bridge Mall is a two-level major shopping center located in Lawrence Township New Jersey on U.S. Route 1 near Interstate 295. The mall opened in 1975 and has over 120 retail establishments. Managed by Simon Property Group (which owns 50% of it) the mall's anchors include Sears JCPenney Macy's and Lord & Taylor. It is also the location of the transmitter for the New Jersey-based radio station WKXW-FM better known as New Jersey 101.5.
 Pålsjö Castle (Swedish: Pålsjö slott) is a castle in Helsingborg Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 St. Walfridus kerk is a church located in Bedum Netherlands dedicated to Saint Walfridus. The church was founded ca. 1050.
 Whitehall Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Whitehall in Washington County New York. It is a brick and stone castle-like structure built in 1899 designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by State Architect Isaac G. Perry. It consists of a 2-story hip-roofed administration building with an attached gable-roofed drill shed.
 Burgruine Pikeroi is a ruined castle in Styria Austria.
 The Parting of the Ways is an historic site in Sweetwater County Wyoming USA where the Oregon and California Trails fork from the original route to Fort Bridger to an alternative route the Sublette-Greenwood Cutoff across the Little Colorado Desert.
 John A. DeBaun Mill is a historic grist mill located at Tallman in Rockland County New York. It was built about 1845 and is a two story four by two bay heavy timber frame claboard sheathed main block on a rubble stone foundation. The main block is flanked by large shed roofed one story wings. The property includes the mill building a portion of the mill stream and the site of the mill pond.
 The Salem Baptist Church is a Baptist megachurch in the Pullman neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. The senior pastor is James Meeks.A 2008 survey by Outreach ranked the church as the 54th largest in the United States based on average weekly attendance of 9137.
 City of Caves is a visitor attraction in Nottingham which consists of a network of caves carved out of sandstone that have been variously used over the years as a tannery public house cellars and as an air raid shelter.The attraction is now open again after wide ranging redevelopment of the Broadmarsh Shopping Centre from which the caves are accessed.The attraction has been run by the Galleries of Justice since 2004 and is accessed from the upper mall of the Broadmarsh Centre.
 St. Jude's Church Mapperley is a parish church in the Church of England.
 Sunrise also known as Muse House is a historic home located near Gore Frederick County Virginia. It is a two-story log and frame farmhouse in the Greek Revival style. The original section was built in 1818 with additions and modifications made about 1850 and in 1914. The main section measures approximately 18 feet by 39 feet and features a two-story two-level five bay integral front porch and exterior fieldstone end chimney.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall is an historic Grand Army of the Republic building located at 714 W. State Street in Boise Idaho in the United States. The hall was built in 1892 by members of the GAR as a memorial to the Union Army veterans of the Civil War. It was the meeting place of Phil Sheridan GAR Post No. 4 which was named for Union General Philip Sheridan.
 All Saints Church Orton is located in the village of Orton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. It benefice is united with those of St Oswald Revenstonedale and St James Tebay. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The John Lippincott House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 700 Eleventh Street is a high-rise building and the is the second tallest commercial building in Washington D.C..The building is a twin building to Metro Center I which is one block away. The building stands at 199 feet (61 meters) with 13 floors and was completed in 1992. It is currently the 6th-tallest building in Washington D.C. The architectural firm who designed the building was the firms Skidmore Owings & Merrill (New York) Melvin Mitchell Architects.
 Glen Falls Bridge is a historic bridge on Brunswick Avenue over the Moosup River in Plainfield Connecticut.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Cannonball House located in Macon Georgia United States was constructed in 1853. The house was named the Cannonball House because of cannonball-inflicted damage sustained during the Civil War.
 For other meanings see Homestead Historic District (disambiguation).The Homestead Historic District is a historic district in Homestead Munhall and West Homestead Pennsylvania that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990. It is the site of the Homestead Strike of 1892 when the Carnegie Steel Company under the leadership of Henry Clay Frick broke the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers union.
 Mount Carmel A.M.E. Zion Campground is a historic church camp in Lancaster South Carolina.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Fort Hill Estate is a historic estate located at Lloyd Harbor in Suffolk County New York. The estate home is a monumental brick and limestone Tudor Revival style structure built as a summer home in 1879 and enlarged in 1900. It is a three-story mansion with an irregular asymmetrical and sprawling plan which is roughly C shaped. It features a conical tower built as part of the original structure designed by McKim Mead and White.
 Sobrino de Botín (Calle de los Cuchilleros 17 28005 Madrid Spain) founded in 1725 is the oldest restaurant still running in Spain and one of the oldest in the world. The artist Francisco de Goya worked there as a waiter while waiting to get accepted into the Royal Academy of Fine Arts.
 Shimabara Castle (島原城 Shimabara-jō) also known as Moritake Castle (森岳城 Moritake-jō) and Kōrai Castle (高来城 Korai-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Shimabara Hizen Province (present day Nagasaki prefecture). This five-story white building stands in stark contrast to the black Kumamoto Castle in neighboring Kumamoto Prefecture.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels stands in the centre of the village of Llanvihangel Crucorney Monmouthshire Wales. It is a Grade II listed building as of 1 September 1956.
 Harry and Louisiana Beall Paull Mansion also known as Morningside and the Charles H. and Geraldine Beall House is a historic home located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in 1907-1911 and is a stuccoed dwelling in the Mediterranean Revival style with Spanish Colonial Revival style elements. It features a five bay portico with a hipped roof and eight columns. It also has wrought iron porches and pan tile roofs.
 Victoria Baths is a Grade II* listed building situated in the Chorlton-upon-Medlock area of Manchester in northwest England. The Baths opened to the public in 1906 and cost £59144 to build. Manchester City Council closed the baths in 1993 and the building was left derelict. A multi-million pound restoration project began in 2007. As of 2009 the building is on English Heritage's Heritage at Risk Register.
 The Old Indian Cemetery or Old Cemetery is an historic cemetery at 50 Cottage Street in West Brookfield Massachusetts.The cemetery was established in 1710 and was an active burial ground until 1849. The cemetery is the resting place of 16 French and Indian War soldiers 11 Revolutionary War soldiers and 6 men who were killed in 1710 by Indians and became known as the Haymakers.
 Prince County Hospital (PCH) is an acute care hospital located in Summerside Prince Edward Island.Operated by Health PEI the Prince County Hospital has a capacity of 102 beds. It is the province's second largest hospital after the Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
 The Children's Museum Jordan (Arabic: متحف الاطفال الاردن) is a children's museum in Amman Jordan. It is located in Al Hussein Public Parks.Launched in 2007 the museum is a member of the Association of Children's Museums and Hands On! International. The Museum’s total build area of 7348 square meters includes: 150 interactive indoor and outdoor exhibits an art studio a library a multipurpose hall an outdoor theatre a restaurant with an adjunct party room and a gift shop.
 Division Avenue–Plaster Creek Bridge was a bridge in Grand Rapids Kent County Michigan. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It crossed Plaster Creek an urban stream that drains into the Grand River. The bridge was replaced in 2007.
 North Avenue Congregational Church (now known as Prospect Hall and previously as Old Cambridge Baptist Church and North Prospect Congregational Church) is an historic church meetinghouse at 1801(previously located at 1803) Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is currently under renovation to become a library for Lesley University as part of the Lunder Arts Center complex.
 The Al Bateen Residence & Hotel Tower is a 56-floor tower in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Al Bateen Tower is expected to be completed in 2013. Client is Seba Properties Project Manager is Morganti Inc. Consultant National Engineering Bureau and Main contractor is Commodore Contracting Co.
 Konradsberg or Konradsbergs hospital is a former mental hospital in Stockholm Sweden. The Stockholm Institute of Education now uses the old hospital building.
 The Dynamic Tower (also known as Dynamic Architecture Building or the Da Vinci Tower) is a planned 420-metre (1378 ft) 80-floor moving skyscraper in Dubai United Arab Emirates designed by architect David Fisher.Similar to the Suite Vollard completed in 2001 in Brazil each floor will be able to rotate independently. This will result in a constantly changing shape of the tower.
 Madrid Xanadú is a large shopping mall and entertainment center in Arroyomolinos Madrid Spain at the Autovía de Extremadura section. The Mall is one of Europe's largest and most recognized with over 222 shops eateries and a 15-screen Cinesa Movie Theater. The main attraction is Madrid SnowZone a huge covered track used for skiing and to go snowboarding. The track is from a Canadian company Intrawest.
 YWCA Boston is an historic YWCA at 140 Clarendon Street in Boston Massachusetts.The YMCA was built in 1929 by George F. and Frederic Stearns and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.
 The Stockbridge Indian Cemetery is a cemetery north of Stockbridge Wisconsin. It is located on Moore Road just west of Wisconsin Highway 55. The cemetery was established in 1834 after the Stockbridge Indians moved to the community. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Buluba Hospital whose full name is St. Francis Hospital Buluba is a community hospital in Uganda. It is owned and operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinja.
 The Lee-Fendall House is a historic house museum and garden located in Old Town Alexandria Virginia. Since its construction in 1785 the house has served as home to thirty-seven members of the Lee family (1785–1903) hundreds of convalescing Union soldiers (1863–1865) the prominent Downham family (1903–1937) and powerful labor leader John L. Lewis (1937–1969).
 Newport Hospital is a private not-for-profit hospital located in Newport Rhode Island. Together with The Miriam Hospital and Rhode Island Hospital Newport Hospital is a member of the Lifespan health system.
 Iglesia de San Pedro (Ese de Calleras) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Saint Michaels Historic District encompasses the historic center of Saint Michaels Maryland U.S.A. The late 18th- and early 19th-century town is a small seaport on a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay which has retained a high degree of historic integrity. Of particular interest are an unusual number of gallery-fronted houses. While writing Chesapeake James Michener lived here both researching for the book and experiencing life in the historic town.
 The Living Arts Centre is a 225000 square foot (21000 m²) multi-use facility which opened in Mississauga Ontario Canada in 1997. The Centre is visited by over 300000 visitors annually who come to view performing and visual arts programs attend corporate meetings/conventions or participate in a variety of community events.
 Subject of my article is ...Immanuel Lutheran Church is an LCMS (Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod) church in Frohna Missouri.
 The Cathedral Santuario de Guadalupe (Cathedral Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe) is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dallas Texas. The structure dates from the late 19th century and is located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas Texas. The church oversees the second largest Catholic church membership in the United States. Its average Sunday attendance is 11200.
 Kuwana Castle (桑名城 Kuwana-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Kuwana northern Mie Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Kuwana Castle was home to a branch the Matsudaira clan daimyō of Kuwana Domain. The castle was also known as Ōgi-jō (扇城) or Asahi-jō (旭城).
 Sparreholm Castle (Swedish: Sparreholms slott) is a castle in Flen Municipality Södermanland County Sweden.
 The Argentine National Historical Museum (Spanish: Museo Histórico Nacional) is located in Buenos Aires Argentina and is a museum dedicated to the history of Argentina exhibiting objects relating to the May Revolution and the Argentine War of Independence.
 The River Street Bridge at Marble Rock Iowa also known as Richard W. Dick Weldon River Street Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Archaeological Museum of Chania (Greek: Αρχαιολογικό Μουσείο Χανίων) is a museum located in the former Venetian Monastery of Saint Francis at 25 Chalidon Street Chania Crete Greece. It was established in 1962.
 The Saint George Palace (French: Palais Saint-Georges) is an historic building in the city of Rennes. Formerly an abbey residence it was built in 1670 to replace a much older abbey building that stood on the same site. The Benedictine Abbey of Saint George (Abbaye Saint-Georges de Rennes) was forced to close in 1792 during the French Revolution and the property was seized by the government. Since 1930 the building has been listed as a monument historique of France.
 All Saints' Episcopal Church Waveland is an historic Carpenter Gothic church built in 1898 on Crossroads Hill in Waveland now part of Jensen Beach Florida It is the oldest church building located in what is now Martin County Florida. It is also the northernmost parish in the present-day Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida. When the church was built the land it is on was in Brevard County. From 1910-25 it was in St. Lucie County. Since 1925 it has been in Martin County.
 The Jekyll Island Museum is a history center in the historic district of Jekyll Island of Georgia USA.The historic Club Stables located on Stable Road is now the home of the Jekyll Island Museum.
 The Kearns-St. Ann's Orphanage at 430 East 2100 South in South Salt Lake Utah was built in 1890. It was designed by architect Carl M. Neuhausen. Later serving as St. Ann's School it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.According to its NRHP nomination the orphanage is significant partly for its architecture with modest decorative elements allud[ing] to Renaissance and Mannerist styles using Neuhausen's rare-for-Utah skills.
 The Marathon County Historical Museum is museum located in Wausau Marathon County Wisconsin United States. It is located in the Cyrus Carpenter Yawkey House a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The house is a significant example of Classical Revival architecture.
 The Myer Centre is a five level shopping centre in the heart of the Adelaide CBD situated along the Rundle Mall. The centre is the home of the largest Myer Department Store in South Australia food court and 110 specialty shops with a predominant apparel and jewellery store selection. Other major stores include Rebel Sport Lincraft Chemist Warehouse Rivers Temt Toyworld and Priceline.
 Newton Court is a neoclassical house completed in 1802 situated on the hillside above Dixton 1 mi (1.6 km) north-east of the town on Monmouth in Monmouthshire Wales. It is a Grade II* listed building. The stable block is listed as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) noted for as a breeding site for horseshoe bats.
 The Kennesaw State University Social Sciences Building is the largest academic building at Kennesaw State University. The building is a 162595 sq ft (15105.6 m2). multi-use facility used mostly by the College of Humanities and Social Science. Additionally the building has obtained a Silver LEED certification.
 The Walter F. Burrell House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Dr. Joseph Leidy House is a historic residence located at 1319 Locust Street between S. 13th and S. Juniper Streets in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1893-94 and was designed in the Georgian style by noted architect Wilson Eyre to be the home of Joseph Leidy (1823–1891) a noted American paleontologist. The house is next door to the Clarence B. Moore House which was designed by Eyre in 1890.
 Washington Park is a neighborhood and public urban park in Denver Colorado. The Washington Park located in Denver Colorado United States is a blend of historic and contemporary styles of architecture. Its historic buildings lakes tennis courts lawns large flower gardens and recreation center provide various experiences for visitors. The park was first developed by Architect Reinhard Scheutze in 1899.
 The Arnold-Palmer House is an historic house at 33 Chestnut Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Federal style house was built in 1826 by John Holden Greene and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Originally built on upper Westminster Street the house was moved to its present location in 1967 as part of the Weybosset Hill urban redevelopment project.
 The Hotel Nikko Düsseldorf is part of the history of Düsseldorf and its long relation with the Japanese community in Germany. Located in Stadtmitte the hotel opened in 1978 in conjunction with the German-Japanese Center. It has undergone one major expansion in 2009 and recently renovated all rooms in the major wing.
 Government General Hospital officially named Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital (RGGGH) is a major state-owned hospital situated in Chennai India. The hospital with 3000 beds is funded and managed by the state government of Tamil Nadu. Founded in 1664 by the British East India Company it is the first medical institution in India.
 Nathaniel Osgood House is a historic house on ME 136 in Durham Maine.The house was built in 1785 by Nathaniel Osgood and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.
 Beit Al Qur'an (Arabic: بيت القرآن‎ meaning: the House of Qur'an) is a multi-purpose complex dedicated to the Islamic arts and is located in Hoora Bahrain. Established in 1990 the complex is most famous for its Islamic museum which has been acknowledged as being one of the most renowned Islamic museums in the world.
 The Double-O Ranch Historic District is located east of Harney Lake in Harney County in southeastern Oregon United States. At one time the Double-O Ranch covered over 17000 acres (69 km2). The ranch was owned by Bill Hanley a well-known cattle baron and Bull Moose progressive. In 1941 the United States Government purchased most of the Double O Ranch property and added it to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.
 Times Square (Vietnam) is a high-rise building in District 1 Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. This tower is a 40-storey joint tower and features a modern architectural style. Construction costs invested by Times Square (Vietnam) Investment Joint Stock Company totals approximately $125 million USD. The height to the top of the tower is 164 m.
 Chiba Port Tower is a tower located in Chiba Port Park Chūō-ku Chiba Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 125.1 m tall and has four stories. It was built in 1986.
 The U.S. Post Office located at 380 Hamilton Ave. is the main post office in Palo Alto California. The post office was constructed from 1932 to 1933 and was designed by Palo Alto architect Birge M. Clark; during the Great Depression the Post Office department hired local architects to design post offices rather than designing them in Washington.
 The Nazrey African Methodist Episcopal Church National Historic Site and North American Black Historical Museum are located in Amherstburg Ontario Canada.
 The Erie County Courthouse is located at 323 Columbus Street in Sandusky Ohio. The current courthouse has served the county since 1939.
 McCoy House is a historic home located at Lewistown Mifflin County Pennsylvania across from the Mifflin County Courthouse. It was built between 1836 and 1843 and is a 2 1/2-story brick and frame dwelling in the Federal style. It has a gable roof and a double chimney linked at the base. Frank Ross McCoy was born in the house in 1874.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church of St. Anthony of Padua is a Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 155 Sullivan Street near the corner of West Houston Street in the South Village section of the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1859 as an offshoot of the Church of St.
 The Tarikhaneh Temple (Persian: پرستشگاه تاریخانه‎) also called the Tarikhaneh Mosque (Persian: مسجد تاریخانه‎) is a Sassanid-era monument located on the southern limit of the present day city of Damghan Iran. This structure was initially used as a Zoroastrian Fire Temple during the Sassanid period however after the fall of the Sassanid Empire it was rebuilt and converted into a mosque in the 8th century. The monument is thus known as the oldest mosque in Iran.
 Charles Thomas House also known as Fairview is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Addison Hutton (1834–1916) and built in 1877-1878. The original house was a two-story five bay rectangular brick dwelling faced with blue limestone in a Late Gothic Revival style.
 Chester Dewey School No. 14 is a historic school building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1915-1916 and is a two story brown brick structure. The eclectic design freely combines elements and details inspired by the Italian Renaissance including its eleven bay loggia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Luke’s Hospital is a community hospital in Singapore that provides professional healthcare services to the needy elderly regardless of race and religion. It was named after the patron saint of the medical profession St Luke. St Luke’s Hospital for the Elderly Sick was registered as a voluntary welfare organization in the Registry of Societies in October 1991.
 Elements is a New American fine dining restaurant located in Princeton New Jersey on 163 Bayard Lane. The restaurant opened in 2008.
 Park Avenue Baptist Church is a historic church at 296 Park Ave. West in Mansfield Ohio.It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Edwin W. Marsh House is a historic house at 17 Marsh Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The City Life Church is a multi-denominational church in Newport News VA. The City Life Church was launched in January 2005 in Regal Cinema Kiln Creek. In December 2008 The City Life Church moved to the campus of the Mosaic.Pastor Michael Giroux and family were the founding pastors. In 2007 Pastor Giroux moved to The City Church DC. Pastor Fred Michaux became the senior pastor in 2007 and currently serves in that position.
 St Augustine Watling Street was an Anglican church which stood just to the east of St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London. First recorded in the 12th century it was destroyed by the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt to the designs of Christopher Wren. This building was destroyed by bombing during the Second World War and its remains now form part of St Paul's Cathedral Choir School.
 Augerum House (Swedish: Augerums herrgård) is a manor house in Blekinge Sweden. It is located in Augerum north of Karlskrona and was built in 1720.
 The Jenkins-DuBois Farm and Mill Site is located along Jenkinstown Road in Gardiner Ulster County New York USA. It was started by settler Lambert Jenkins in 1793 with a stone house and mills on land part of the original Huguenot Patent owned by Louis DuBois of nearby New Paltz. The Jenkins-DuBois descendants still live on the land today.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Northcote is a hotel and restaurant in a 19th century manor house located in Langho Lancashire England. The restaurant was noted as a one star restaurant in the 2010 Michelin Guide. The restaurant has a focus on local dishes based on regional ingredients. The hotel's guest rooms were remodeled in the 2000s.The building was constructed in the 1880s for Mary Yates and then passed through a series of owners.
 The Seaboard Air Line Dining Car-#6113 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad dining car in Boca Raton Florida. It is located at 747 South Dixie Highway off U.S. 1 part of the restored Florida East Coast Railway Passenger Station. On April 5 2001 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built the Budd Company in 1947 and could seat 48.
 The Gaza Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Gaza City Gaza Palestinian Territories. The Church is one of only three Christian churches in the Gaza Strip and the only one that is Protestant and evangelical. The Gaza Baptist Church and its congregation of about 200 have been adversely affected by ongoing violence and chaos related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
 The Northwest Film Center (NWFC) is a regional media arts resource and service organization based in Portland Oregon United States that was founded to encourage the study appreciation and utilization of film. The center provides a variety of film and video exhibition education and information programs primarily directed to the residents of Oregon Washington Idaho Montana and Alaska.
 The Alvin and Grace Washburn House at 753 North 100 West in Orem Utah was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.It is architecturally unique in Orem.
 The Royal Panopticon of Science and Art to give the full title was one of the grand social institutions and architectural splendours of Victorian London that is now lost. It was given a Royal Charter in 1850 and in July 1851 a lease was taken out on a premium site for 60 years and building could commence. The Panopticon was built on the Eastern side of Leicester Square opening on 18 March 1854.
 Derby Road Particular Baptist Church was a former Baptist Church in Nottingham from 1850 to 1967.
 The House at 49 Vinal Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts is a stylish combination of Colonial Revival and Shingle styling. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1894. It has a wide gambrel roof with cross gables that are also gambreled. The front cross gable is flanked by two hip roof dormers whose windows are flanked by pilasters and topped by an entablature with wooden garlands and dentil molding.
 The University of Notre Dame's Main Administration Building (known as the Main Building or the Golden Dome) houses various administrative offices including the Office of the President. Atop of the building stands the Golden Dome the most recognizable landmark of the University.
 The Kansas City Club Building is a 15-story building in downtown Kansas City Missouri built in 1920. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2002.The building was built as the clubhouse of the Kansas City Club a private club. It remained the club's clubhouse until 2001 when the club merged with a nearby smaller club. In 2002 a developer bought and renovated the building.
 Mohave County Hospital is between Grand View and First Street on Beale Street Kingman AZ. The hospital was built in 1921-22 with Wings in 1940's and 1962. The hospital was built in the style of Mission/Spanish Revival. Santa Fe Railway Engineering Department designed the building and J. B. Lammers of Flagstaff was the contractor. Mohave County General Hospital was the main hospital in Mohave County until the 1970s.
 The Indiana Medical History Museum is an Indianapolis monument to the beginning of psychiatric medical research. It is located on the grounds of what was formerly Central Indiana Hospital for the Insane. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 25 1972 as the Old Pathology Building.It is the United States' oldest surviving pathology laboratory.
 St. Matthew's Episcopal Church is located in Kenosha Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and religious significance in 1979. The church is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee.
 St Philip's Hospital is a 100-bedded capacity hospital located in Santa Venera.
 Hutzel Women's Hospital is one of the eight institutions that compose the Detroit Medical Center. The hospital itself is connected to Harper University Hospital on the midtown Detroit campus of the Medical Center. It is the only hospital in Southeast Michigan dedicated to women’s care.
 The Armory-Latisona Building (also known as the Mihlbaugh Building) is a historic armory on South Main Street in Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1896 it features a Victorian variant of the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
 Old School Baptist Church of Halcottsville is a historic Baptist church building on Old NY 30 in Halcottsville Delaware County New York. It is a one story wood frame building constructed in 1886 by Eld. Isaac Hewitt as a branch of the Second Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury. The interior features a traditional meeting house plan.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Five World Trade Center (also referred to as 130 Liberty Street) is a 42-story skyscraper under-construction at the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan New York City. The site is across Liberty Street to the south of the main 16-acre (6.5 ha) World Trade Center site. The project is currently on standby while the Port Authority explores a potential sale of the lot to a developer and also finds tenants to occupy the skyscraper.
 Downtown Charleston Historic District is a national historic district located at Charleston West Virginia USA. The district contains contributing structures in the Late Victorian and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architectural styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Etisalat Tower 1 (known as Etisalat Tower until Etisalat Tower 2 began construction) is a 17-floor tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 100 m (328 ft). Upon completion in 1992 Etisalat Tower was the fourth-tallest building in Dubai. The building houses Etisalat's Dubai head office.
 The National Museum of Ethnology (Portuguese: Museu Nacional de Etnologia) is an ethnology museum in Lisbon Portugal. It was established in 1965.
 The Great Plains Transportation Museum is a railroad museum in Wichita Kansas.
 Polaris Fashion Place is a two level shopping mall and surrounding retail plaza serving Columbus Ohio United States. The mall owned locally by Glimcher Realty Trust is located off Interstate 71 on Polaris Parkway in Delaware County just to the north of the boundary between Delaware and Franklin County. The mall features six anchor stores: H&M J.C.
 The Tower of Memories is a mausoleum located at Crown Hill Cemetery in Wheat Ridge Colorado USA. The seven story building is 158 feet (48.16 m) tall; its entrance is at 29th Avenue and Wadsworth Boulevard. The building was designed with Gothic detailing by Charles A. Smith in 1926. After his firm failed in 1928 the architects William and Arthur Fisher were commissioned to continue the construction. World War II caused further delays to the building's construction.
 Anacostia /ænəˈkɒstiə/ is a historic neighborhood in Washington D.C. Its downtown is located at the intersection of Good Hope Road and Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue. It is located east of the Anacostia River after which the neighborhood is named. Like the other quadrants of Washington D.C. Southeast encompasses a large number of named neighborhoods of which Anacostia and Capitol Hill are the most well known.
 WonderWorks is an entertainment center focused on science exhibits with five locations in the United States. The company's slogan is Let Your Imagination Run Wild.
 The Shops at Mission Viejo is an upscale shopping mall located in Mission Viejo California. It is the southernmost mall in Orange County and is anchored by Macy's Nordstrom and Forever 21. The Shops at Mission Viejo is managed by Simon Malls.
 Joseph Bucher House is a historic home located at Marietta Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between about 1806 and 1811 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick dwelling. It has a side hall Georgian plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Cathedral of St. Paul is an Episcopal cathedral in Erie Pennsylvania United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Northwestern Pennsylvania. St. Paul's Church was founded on St. Patrick's Day in 1827. The church became the cathedral for the Diocese of Erie on February 21 1915. The diocese changed its name to Northwestern Pennsylvania in 1981.
 The House at 4 Perry Street is a historic house in Brookline Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Sheng Jing (盛京) Hospital was originally founded by Dugald Christie (missionary) (1855-1936) a Scottish missionary doctor in 1883. It was the base on which the Mukden Medical College was formed also by Christie in 1912. In 1949 the Mukden Medical College was absorbed by the China Medical University and the hospital became known as the 2nd Affiliated hospital of the China Medical University (PRC). In 1969 it was moved by Chairman Mao to Chaoyang but returned to Shenyang in 1983.
 St Mary's Church Fordham is located to the south of the village of Fordham Norfolk England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church in the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 One World Trade Center (also 1 World Trade Center or 1 WTC dubbed the Freedom Tower during initial basework) is the name of two buildings. It most commonly refers to the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan New York City and the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere.
 Duane Mansion is a property in Duanesburg New York that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was built by Solomon Kelly sometime during the 1812 to 1816 period in fine Federal style.Jacques Remee provided landscape architecture for formal gardens.
 Staldmestergården (English: Stable Master's House) is a historic building on Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen Denmark. It is located at 21 Frederiksholms Kanal in between Christiansborg Rising Grounds and Christian IV's Brewhouse. Originally for the administration personnel of the royal stables it now houses the Ministries of Education and Ecclesiastical Affairs.
 The Russian Orthodox Church of the Resurrection (Spanish: Iglesia Ortodoxa Rusa de la Resurrección) is an Eastern Orthodox church building in Montevideo Uruguay. It was built in 1920.Unique in its type and denomination in Uruguay it is part of the Diocese of South America of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia.
 Uptown Village at Cedar Hill is a 725000-square-foot (67400 m2) open-air regional shopping mall in Cedar Hill Texas a suburb of Dallas. It is located at FM 1382 and U.S. Highway 67 adjacent to Uptown Boulevard and Pleasant Run Road.Uptown Village opened on March 12 2008 becoming the first mall to open in the suburban region known as the Best Southwest which includes the cities of Cedar Hill DeSoto Duncanville and Lancaster.
 Alling & Cory Buffalo Warehouse is a historic warehouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It consists of a six story L shaped 120000-square-foot (11000 m2) former paper warehouse building built in 1910-1911 for the Alling & Cory company of Rochester with a one story brick loading dock addition built in 1926. It is built of reinforced concrete with classical detailing and considered to be of the Daylight Factory design.
 Halifax Minster in Halifax West Yorkshire England is dedicated to St John the Baptist; three West Yorkshire minsters are at Dewsbury (1993) Halifax (2009) and Leeds (2012).
 The Maison Saint-Gabriel Museum is located in Montreal Quebec and is dedicated to preserving the history heritage and artifacts of the settlers of New France in the mid 17th century. The museum consists of a small farm which has been administered for more than 300 years by the Sisters of the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal founded by Marguerite Bourgeoys in Montreal in 1658. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 2007.
 First Baptist Church was a historic African-American Baptist church located in the Gainsboro neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It was built in 1898-1900 and was a large six-bay nave-plan brick church with Romanesque and Gothic detailing. It featured a clipped gable roof and a front bell tower. A one-story Parish Hall was built in 1936. First Baptist Church occupied the building until moving to a new sanctuary in 1982.
 The U.S. Post Office-Langdon also known as Langdon Post Office in Langdon North Dakota United States is a post office building that was built in 1937. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Hilton Minneapolis in Minneapolis on Marquette Avenue between 10th and 11th Street South. The hotel is known for its entrance with floor-to-ceiling windows crystal chandeliers marble floors and a custom art collection featuring Minnesota landmarks by Minnesota artists.
 The Macao Science Center also known as Macau Science Center (Chinese: 澳門科學館; Portuguese: Centro de Ciência de Macau) is a science center in Macau.The project to build the science center was conceived in 2001 and completed in 2009. The building was designed by Pei Partnership Architects in association with I. M. Pei and construction started in 2006.
 Isaac Manchester House is a historic building in Avella Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.The property is endangered by longwall coal mining. In 2011 it was named to the list of America's Most Endangered Places by the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Amos Wood House is a historic home located near North Landing Ellisburg in Jefferson County New York. The house was built in 1826 and consists of three sections: the main block ell and service addition. The limestone main block is a 1 1/2-story five bay structure. The one-story limestone ell has a frame upper structure. The two-story frame service addition is attached to the ell.
 The Parish Church of Saint Materiana at Tintagel is an Anglican church in Cornwall England UK. It stands on the cliffs between Trevena and Tintagel Castle and is listed Grade I.The first church on the site was probably in the 6th century founded as a daughter church of Minster: these are the only churches dedicated to the saint though she is usually identified with Madryn Princess of Gwent.
 Old Stone House also known as the Webster-Martin-Ireland House is a historic inn and boarding house located at Pennsboro Ritchie County West Virginia. The main section was built about 1810 and is a 2 1⁄2-story stone structure five bays wide and two bays deep with a gable roof. Attached to it is a two story frame addition with a hipped roof. It features a one story porch across the front facade.
 Charles Evans Hughes House is a historic home located at 2223 R Street NW in the Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood of Washington D.C..Charles Evans Hughes was a leader in the Progressive Era and 1916 presidential candidate. He held office as Associate Justice and Chief Justice of the United States as well as multiple executive positions under several Presidents.
 The Fay Club is a private social club with facilities located at 658 Main Street in Fitchburg Massachusetts.The club's building was designed in 1883 by Richard M. Upjohn as the private home of George Fay and his daughter Lucy. When Lucy moved away from Fitchburg in 1910 she gave the property to the Park Club which her father had been a charter member of. The club changed its name to honor this gift. The clubhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Fort of Guincho also known as the Fort of Velas is located at the edge of the Praia do Abano along the southern edge of the coast of the civil parish of Alcabideche in the municipality of the same name. It was classified as Property of Public Interest (Portuguese: Imóvel de Interesse Público) by the national government on 29 September 1977 but today stands in a state of decay even after studies to remodel the location as a visitors centre for the nearby Sintra-Cascais Nature Park.
 Jamesville Primitive Baptist Church and Cemetery (Jamesville Women's Club) is a historic Primitive Baptist church on the east side of NC 171 in Jamesville North Carolina.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Morlunda also known as the Col. Samuel McClung Place and Oscar Nelson Farm is a historic home located near Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1827-1828 and consists of a main house with ell. The main house is a two story brick building measuring 56 feet long and 21 feet deep. The ell measures 48 feet and it connects to a 1 1/2 story formerly detached kitchen.It was built during 1827-1828 under direction of contractor and architect John W. Dunn.
 Cobble Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Cobble Hill Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 796 contributing largely residential buildings built between the 1830s and 1920s. It includes fine examples of Greek Revival Italianate and Queen Anne style row houses. Also in the district are a number of fine churches including one by Richard Upjohn (Christ Church (1841-42)) and Minard Lafever (St.
 Fashion Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in the northern edge of Saginaw Charter Township Michigan. It lies within the boundaries of M-84 (Bay Road) to the west Tittabawassee Road to the north Fashion Square Blvd. to the east and Schust Road to the south. The mall serves the city of Saginaw its suburbs and the greater Great Lakes Bay Region . It features more than 100 tenants including a food court and its anchor stores are JCPenney Macy's and Sears.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse-Aberdeen in Aberdeen South Dakota was built in 1936 in the Art Deco style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It served historically as a government office building as a post office and as a courthouse.
 Balloon Farm is a historic home located at Frankfort in Herkimer County New York. It includes the Gates-Myers Residence built in 1878. It is an imposing nearly square three story structure built of dimension lumber above a cut stone foundation. In 1889 the property was purchased by Carl Myers (1842–1925) who established an aeronautical institution known as Balloon Farm.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Built in 1912 the First Presbyterian Church of Redmond is the oldest standing church structure in the city of Redmond Oregon United States. It is also the second-oldest religious building in Deschutes County. The church was built in the Gothic Revival style with Queen Anne architectural detailing. It was the home of Protestant congregations from 1912 until 1979. Today the building is privately owned and used as a special events venue.
 Benedictine Hall at St. Gregory's University in Shawnee Oklahoma USA (also known as St. Gregory's Abbey and College) is the central feature of the university housing its administration library and most of its classes. Designed by St. Louis architect Victor Klutho the facility opened in the fall of 1915.St. Gregory's College grew from the Sacred Heart Mission in Sacred Heart Oklahoma.
 Indian Hill Avenue Historic District is a 35-acre (14 ha) historic district in Portland Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It includes Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture. When listed the district included 17 contributing buildings (as opposed to 15 non-contributing buildings) two contributing sites and one contributing object.Among the contributing buildings are eight from the 1700s including the Thomas Stevenson House was built c.
 St Mary's Church Bodewryd is a small medieval church in the hamlet of Bodewryd in Anglesey north Wales. The date of construction is unknown but there was a church on this site in 1254 and the earliest feature to which a date can be given is a doorway in a 15th-century style dating to around 1500.
 The Church of St Leonard at the Hythe Colchester is a redundant Anglican church in Colchester Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the north side of Hythe Hill in the Hythe area of Colchester.For many years St Leonard's served as the church of the port of Colchester. Its earliest fabric dates from the 14th century.
 St. Jude Children's Research Hospital founded in 1962 is a pediatric treatment and research facility focused on children's catastrophic diseases. It is located in Memphis Tennessee and is a nonprofit medical corporation chartered as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization under IRS regulations.
 Bucksport Railroad Station is located in Bucksport Maine. The rail station was built in 1874 by the Maine Central Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1975. The station is now the home of the Bucksport Historical Society Museum.
 St Mary's Church Bruera is in the small settlement of Bruera which lies between the villages of Saighton and Aldford in Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The church contains Norman elements but it has been subjected to alterations and modifications particularly in 1896. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Malpas.
 Landergin Mesa near Adrian Texas is an archeological site preserving some of the most significant Texas Panhandle culture ruins. Landergin Mesa is a large site with many isolated structures it is important because of the unique artifacts dating to the Antelope Creek Phase. There are well preserved examples of Borger Cordmarked ceramic vessels from the period.
 The Mayhill Hotel is a public house and hotel located Wyesham Road Monmouth Wales. The pub is situated between the roads leading to Wyesham and the Forest of Dean and as such claims it is the Last Pub in Wales.
 The AN/FSQ-32 SAGE Solid State Computer (AN/FSQ-7A before December 1958 colloq. Q-32) was a planned military computer central for deployment to Super Combat Centers in nuclear bunkers and to some above-ground military installations.
 Hargraves Mill No. 1 is an historic textile mill on Quarry Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The mill was built in 1888 from native Fall River granite. Reuben Hargraves was the company's first president. The mill was taken over by Parker Mills in 1922.The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.The mill went through an extensive remodeling and upgrading period in the early 21st century thanks to the work of Jose L.
 The former Riede's City Bakery building is located on East Hyman Street in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a small wooden commercial building erected in the 1880s. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is one of only two remaining wood frame commercial buildings from the early years of Aspen's development as a silver mining boomtown. It was not originally a bakery but became known for one that was operated in the building for almost 20 years.
 Sussex County Courthouse is located in Newton Sussex County New Jersey United States.Built in 1765 the courthouse was the site of a daring raid during the American Revolution by one of the Loyalists' best operatives Lieutenant James Moody. In 1780 Moody led several men to free eight Loyalist prisoners held in the Sussex County Courthouse. Moody freed the men and fled with them. Despite a pursuit lasting several days Revolutionary forces failed to capture them.
 The Johns House is a historic house in White Springs Florida. It is located at the junction of CR 135 and Adams Memorial Drive. On July 10 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Karlovac Synagogue was a synagogue in Karlovac Croatia.Jewish community Karlovac was founded in 1852. Karlovac Synagogue was built under Filip Rajner president of the Jewish community Karlovac who liked to call himself Croatian nationalist of Moses religion. Synagogue was built in 1870 in Renaissance Revival and Gothic architecture with five rosette at the front facade as a symbol of the Pentateuch. The facade of the synagogue has been directed toward the east toward Eretz Yisrael.
 Waynesborough also known as Gen. Anthony Wayne House was the home of American Revolutionary War general Anthony Wayne (1745-1796). He lived there for all his life except his last 5 years.The house was built by Wayne's grandfather Captain W.M. Wayne in 1724.
 St Mary le Tower is the civic church of Ipswich. It was in the church yard of St Mary that the town charter of Ipswich was written in 1200.
 St Mary's Church Derwen is a redundant church in the centre of the village of Derwen Denbighshire Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Castle Hotel at Taunton is a hotel with two restaurants Castle Bow Bar & Grill and BRAZZ located in the centre of Taunton Somerset England. The business is located in a Grade II listed 18th-century reconstruction of the former 12th-century Norman fortress Taunton Castle.
 The Middlesex County Courthouse in Urbanna Virginia was built starting in 1745. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1976. It has also been known as Old Middlesex County Courthouse and as Middlesex County Woman's Club.During the American Civil War the building was used by Conferate troops and was shelled by Union gunboats but was not much damaged. It has been used as a church.
 The Today Art Museum in Beijing is China's first private non-profit museum. The museum's mission is to support the development of Chinese contemporary art. The Today Art Museum was founded by Zhang Baoquan in 2002. Alex Gao officially began his service as Executive Director of the Today Art Museum in August 2013. The museum's aim is to promote Chinese contemporary art based on an internationalized vision and a contemporary ideology.
 Alcorn State University Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Alcorn State University in Lorman Mississippi. It includes Oakland Memorial Chapel a National Historic Landmark and other structures.
 St. Roch is a Roman Catholic church in Greenwich Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.Although the Parish of St.Roch was formally established in 1938 it had been preceded by a mission church and it for this mission that the church was built. The large Romanesque Revival stone church was designed by noted architect Frank Urso of Stamford CT who had designed the Norwalk Hotel in Bridgeport six years earlier.
 Mount Zion United Methodist Church is a historic church at 218 Alexander Street in Belton Texas.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Museum of Art of Puerto Rico (Museo de Arte de Puerto Rico abbreviated MAPR) is an art museum in San Juan Puerto Rico.
 The Great Mosque of Hama (Arabic: جامع حماة الكبير‎) is a mosque in Hama Syria. It is located about 400 meters (1300 ft) west of the citadel. Built in the 8th century CE it was heavily damaged in a 1982 uprising but today it has been completely restored.
 A take and bake pizzeria sometimes just known as a take and bake (or alternatively take-n-bake) is a pizzeria which sells uncooked pizzas to customers who then cook the pizzas at home in their own ovens. Take-and-bake pizzas are typically made to order out of fresh ingredients (though the pizzeria may also keep a number of commonly ordered or special sale price pizzas on hand for convenience).
 New Enterprise Public School is a historic school building located at South Woodbury Township in Bedford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1881 and is a two-story brick building three-bays wide and four bays deep. It measures 28 feet 2 inches by 42 feet 2 inches. It sits on a cut coursed stone foundation. It features a circular cartwheel window on the front gable and a wood frame bell tower.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Hinds County Courthouse in Raymond Mississippi also known as Raymond Courthouse was built in 1857. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The Hinds County Courthouse built during 1857-1859 is celebrated as one of the state's finest Greek Revival public buildings.
 The Horizon Tower is a 44-floor residential tower in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 190 m (623 ft). Construction of Horizon Tower was completed in 2006.On the roof of Horizon Tower is a helicopter pad that offers a breathtaking view of the Dubai skyline and a commanding view of Dubai Marina.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Recea Sălaj Romania completed in the 15th century.
 Ward Homestead is a notable landmark because it is the combined work of three great 20th century figures architect John Russell Pope and landscape designers the Olmsted Brothers.
 William S. Gilliland Log Cabin and Cemetery is a historic home and family cemetery located at Charleston West Virginia. It was the home and graveyard of one of Charleston's oldest families the Gillilands. They built the log cabins and lived there until selling it to the Neale family in 1868.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 The Miami Circle also known as The Miami River Circle Brickell Point or The Miami Circle at Brickell Point Site is an archaeological site in Downtown Miami Florida. It consists of a perfect circle measuring 38 feet (11.5m) of 600 postmolds that contain 24 holes or basins cut into the limestone bedrock on a coastal spit of land surrounded by a large number of other 'minor' holes.
 The Apiary Laboratory more often referred to as the Apiary is a research laboratory at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Originally built for the study of honeybees and apiculture today it is primarily used to study native pollinator species and the chemicals and pathogens impacting their populations.
 Aaron Barber Memorial Building also known as Avon Free Library is a historic library building located at Avon in Livingston County New York. It is a rectangular five- by three-bay brick one story brick building with a hipped roof. It was built in 1928 in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Hodgeston Parish Church is a redundant church in the village of Hodgeston some 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southeast of Lamphey Pembrokeshire Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Harlem Courthouse at 170 East 121st Street on the corner of Sylvan Place – a remnant of the former Boston Post Road – in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1891-93 and was designed by Thom & Wilson in the Romanesque Revival style. The brick brownstone bluestone granite and terra cotta building features gables archways an octagonal corner tower and a four-faced clock.
 Congregation Beth El is a synagogue located in Bethesda Maryland. Beth El is an egalitarian synagogue providing diverse worship in the Conservative tradition.Congregation Beth El started in 1951 as a synagogue of 16 families and has grown to approximately 1000 families.Bill Rudolph is Rabbi and Greg Harris is Associate Rabbi. Matt Klein is Hazzan and Abe Lubin is Hazzan emeritus.
 The Tachara Taçara Tachara of Darius Tachar Château Mirror Hall or exclusive palace of Darius I is one of the interior Persepolis Palaces. The meaning in olden Persian is wintry home. The palace is made of gray stone. It was built by Darius I but only a small portion of the palace was finished under his rule and it was completed after his death in 486 by his son and successor Xerxes I who called the house a Taçara winter palace. Artaxerxes I continued to use the palace.
 The Francis Hopkinson House is an historic home in Bordentown Burlington County New Jersey United States where Francis Hopkinson a signer of the Declaration of Independence and his wife Ann Borden lived from 1774 until his death in 1791.He created several patriotic songs of the time.
 Cow Camp located in Joshua Tree National Park was associated with cattle rustling in the 1880s and 1890s. It was then later used as a line camp for cattle ranching. A stone chimney two small dams watering troughs and a well remain. One dam was built by local rancher and character William F. Keys.The camp was first established by the McHaney Gang in the late 1880s. Cattle rustlers used the camp into the 1890s.
 Woodilee Hospital situated in Lenzie East Dunbartonshire Scotland opened on 22 October 1875 as Barony Parochial Asylum. Originally housing 400 inmates the asylum expanded to 1250 capacity by 1930 making it the largest psychiatric unit in Scotland.[citation needed]
 The Fort of Nossa Senhora da Rocha (also known as the Fort of Our Lady of the Rock or Castle of Porches) is a medieval castle is situated in the civil parish of Porches in the municipality of Lagoa in Portuguese Algarve. Inside the fort is the Chapel of Nossa Senhora da Rocha of uncertain date.
 The Bell Apartments also known as the Austin A. Bell Building is a historic building located at 2326 1st Avenue in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The building was named for Austin Americus Bell son of one of Seattle's earliest pioneers but built under the supervision of his wife Eva following Bell's unexpected suicide in 1889 soon after proposing the building.
 The Hotel Holly–Haswell Hotel is a historic district in Haswell Colorado containing a two-story hotel a filling station a bunkhouse a chicken coop and a non-contributing garage.It was deemed locally significant as one of the first business buildings in Haswell and having been run as a hostelry for 60 years and for association with the Hollingsworth and Rebel and Covalt families each of which operated the hotel.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 Bignor Roman Villa is a large Roman courtyard villa which has been excavated and put on public display on the Bignor estate in the English county of West Sussex. It is well known for its high quality mosaic floors which are some of the most complete and intricate in the country.
 City of Conquerors is a church started by We Are More Than Conquerors Deliverance Ministries. The current building was formerly the West Philadelphia Jewish Community Center as evidenced by the Jewish symbols on the exterior of the building at 11 South 63rd Street Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 The Olympia Theatre is a concert hall and theatre venue in Dublin Ireland located in Dame Street.
 All Saints Anglican Church Wickham Terrace Brisbane is the oldest Anglican Church in the City of Brisbane first founded in 1862. The existing structure dates from 1869. For most of its history it has been identified with the High Church or Anglo-Catholic tradition within Anglicanism.
 The Castro of Monte Valinhas alternately the Castro of São João de Valinhas is an archaeological site in Portugal in the civil parish of Santa Eulália in the municipality of Arouca notable for the discovery of important traces of human remains from the last 2000 years.
 Dodon (aka Doden) is a 550-acre (2.2 km2) farm and former tobacco plantation in Maryland located near the South River about 10 miles (16 km) south west of Annapolis. Purchased in around 1744 by the planter and politician Dr George H. Steuart it remains the home of Steuart's descendants to this day.
 Mead Art Museum is an art museum associated with Amherst College in Amherst Massachusetts and is a member of Museums10.The Mead Art Museum has a wide ranging collection of approximately 18000 items with a particular strength in American art including notable works of the Hudson River School and woodcut artist J. J. Lankes as well as a wide range of European Japanese and Ancient art.
 The Whittington Hospital is a British hospital in Archway Islington London. It is named after Richard Whittington.It is a district general hospital although it is also a teaching hospital of the UCL Medical School and Middlesex University School of Health and Social Sciences.
 The Ausable Club in St. Huberts New York is the name of a club and the clubhouse of the Adirondack Mountain Reserve (AMR) which upon the initiative of William George Neilson formed in 1887 to save the lands around Beede's Hotel from lumbering. The Reserve once owned most of the Adirondack High Peaks. The club is also the home of the Adirondack Trail Improvement Society known as A.T.I.S which developed and still maintains many of the trails to the high peaks.
 The Elbert L. Carpenter House is a house in the Loring Park neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. It was designed by notable local architect William Channing Whitney in the Colonial Revival style. The house is significant not only for its architecture but also for its resident a businessman in the lumber industry. He helped to organize the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra now known as the Minnesota Orchestra.
 The S. E. Brackett House is a historic house at 63 Columbus Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The three story wood frame building was constructed c. 1880 and is one of the most elaborate Second Empire houses in the city. The house is roughly square in shape with a central projecting section on the front facade that rises a full three stories and is topped by a mansard-style fourth floor.
 The Swiftcurrent Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a gabled roof was built in 1936. Its detailing is reminiscent of the Swiss Chalet style of the nearby Many Glacier Hotel. The design is modified from standard U.S. Forest Service plans.
 St Andrew's Church Rollestone is in Rollestone Road Rollestone Wiltshire England It is a redundant Anglican church in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It was declared redundant on 1 July 1993 and was vested in the Trust on 8 February 1995. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed buildingSt Andrew's was built in the early 13th century. It is constructed in flint and stone in a chequerwork pattern.
 Dębno Castle is a late Gothic complex built in 1470 - 1480 by Chancellor of the Crown and Kasztelan of Kraków Jakub Dębiński (also known as Jakub z Dębna) in the southern Polish village of Dębno. It is located a few hundred meters south of the international European route E40. Before stone castle was built a complex made of wood and earth had existed on the location. It probably belonged to komes Świętoslaw of the noble Gryfita family Kasztelan of Wiślica.
 Winchester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in Winchester Hampshire England. It is one of the largest cathedrals in England with the longest nave and greatest overall length of any Gothic cathedral in Europe. Dedicated to the Holy Trinity Saint Peter Saint Paul and Saint Swithun it is the seat of the Bishop of Winchester and centre of the Diocese of Winchester. The cathedralis a Grade I listed building.
 The Orra Marina is a 31-floor tower in the Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Orra Marina is expected to be completed in 2008.
 The Lynn Shelton American Legion Post No. 27 is a building in Fayetteville Arkansas that was built in 1940. It was designed by T. Ewing Shelton in Plain Traditional style and has also been known as Shelton-Tucker Post No. 27 and denoted WA 0786. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Rock Hill Presbyterian Church is located at 52644 High Ridge Road in Bellaire Ohio. The building was placed on the National Register on 2009-02-18.
 Moggerhanger House is a Grade I listed country house in Moggerhanger Bedfordshire England designed by the eminent architect John Soane. The house is owned by a Christian charity Harvest Vision and the Moggerhanger House Preservation Trust and has recently undergone a £6m refurbishment project with help from organisations such as the Heritage Lottery Fund English Heritage World Monuments Fund and the East of England Development Agency.
 St Michael's Church Bracewell is located in Bracewell Lane Bracewell Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with those of Holy Trinity Barnoldswick and St Mary le Ghyll Barnoldswick. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Odd Fellows Temple in East Liverpool Ohio was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was one of many buildings addressed in a study assessing historic resources in East Liverpool's central business district a study resulted in the NRHP listing of several historic districts and buildings (including also Masonic Temple (East Liverpool Ohio) Elks Club (East Liverpool Ohio) and YMCA (East Liverpool Ohio)).
 The Allen Hazen Water Tower is an historic structure located on the west side of Des Moines Iowa United States. It was built from 1930 to 1931 according to the designs of New York engineer Allen Hazen for whom the water tower is named after. The tower was constructed in concrete and steel. The structure is 110 feet (34 m) tall and holds 1.7 million gallons of water. At one time a large arrow was painted on top of the structure to guide pilots to the Des Moines airport.
 The Museum for Northern Peoples (Norwegian: Samtidsmuseet for nordlige folk; Sami Davvi álbmogiid dálážiid musea) is a museum located at the Center for Northern Peoples in Manndalen Gáivuotna–Kåfjord Norway. It covers the art and culture of northern peoples and regional Sami culture and history.The museum was opened on July 21 2011 by the Norwegian Minister of Cultural Affairs Anniken Huitfeldt.
 Dalian Futures Square 1 (simplified Chinese: 大连期货广场 1; traditional Chinese: 大連期貨廣場 1; pinyin: Dàlián Qīhuò Guǎngchǎng Yī) is a 53-floor 243 meter (797 foot) tall skyscraper currently under construction in Dalian China.
 The Sheats Goldstein Residence is a house designed and built between 1961 and 1963 by American architect John Lautner in Beverly Crest Los Angeles California just a short distance from the Beverly Hills border. The building was conceived from the inside out and built into the sandstone ledge of the hillside; a cave-like dwelling that opens to embrace nature and view.
 Enderly is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built in 1859-1860 and is a two-story three bay Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It has an original one-story rear wing later expanded to two stories in the 20th century. A single-story Colonial Revival front porch replaced the original portico.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Mari Sandoz High Plains Heritage Center is a museum dedicated to the life and works of author Mari Sandoz and to the High Plains region in which Sandoz grew up and which was the setting of many of her fictional and non-fictional works. The Center is located on the campus of Chadron State College in Chadron Nebraska. It occupies the college's former library building which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. John Cantius Parish is a former Roman Catholic Parish designated for Polish immigrants in Northampton Massachusetts United States.It was founded 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.The parish merged with the Sacred Heart Parish in April 2010.
 Old Kennett Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers in Kennett Township near Chadds Ford Pennsylvania.
 The Lake Butler Woman's Club also known as the Old Union County Courthouse is an historic building now located at 285 NE First Avenue in Lake Butler Union County Florida. It was built in 1923 on the site of the present Union County Courthouse and replaced two previous courthouses which had served Bradford County from which Union County had been separated in 1921.
 The Auto Rest Garage is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Rad Plzen cis. 9 Z.C.B.J. (SD10-6) is an historic building located in Morse Bluff Nebraska that was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 20 1986. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community. It was the meeting hall for the Z.C.B.J. Lodge Plzen a branch of the Zapandi Czechoslovakia Brakaska Jednota. The Z.C.B.J.
 The U.S. Post Office in Granville New York United States is located on Main Street (NY 149) in the center of the village. It is a brick building serving the ZIP Code 12832 which covers the village and surrounding areas of the Town of Granville.It was built in the mid-1930s as part of a relief effort to provide jobs during the Depression.
 The Convent of São Pedro de Alcântara (Portuguese: Convento de São Pedro de Alcântara) is a Baroque convent and church complex in the civil parish of São Roque in the municipality of the same name in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 Plas yn Rhiw is an early 17th-century manor house in Y Rhiw Gwynedd in northwestern Wales. The estate consists of a small house of Tudor/Georgian style a garden of just under one acre in size and many wooded acres. Located at the base of Mynydd Rhiw Mountain the estate overlooks the beach of Porth Neigwl (Hells Mouth) Cardigan Bay and the Llyn Peninsula.The history of the manor's estate predates construction of the house to some 4000 years of the neolithic period.
 Olympia Medical Center (OMC) is a hospital in Los Angeles California USA.
 The Rhea County Courthouse located in Dayton Tennessee was the scene of the Scopes Trial of July 1925 in which teacher John T. Scopes faced charges for including Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in his public school lesson. The trial became a clash of titans between the lawyers William Jennings Bryan for the prosecution and Clarence Darrow for the defense and epitomizes the tension between fundamentalism and modernism in a wide range of aspects of American society.
 The Robinson-Bonnett Inn is a historic inn located on Whites Crossing Road in Bobtown Illinois. The inn was built circa 1843 by the Robinson family which ran a gristmill and sawmill in the area and John Bonnett. The inn was designed in the Federal style and is typical of inns of its period. While the inn originally served travelers to the Robinson family's mills by the 1850s it was located along and served travelers on a stagecoach line.
 The Hotel Claridge was a 16-story building on Times Square in Manhattan New York City at the southeast corner of Broadway and 44th Street. Originally known as the Hotel Rector it was built of brick in the Beaux-arts style in 1910-11. It operated for 61 years until the building was demolished in 1972.
 South Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Marcy Street and Meeting House Hill in Portsmouth New Hampshire.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Selly Oak Hospital in the Selly Oak area of Birmingham England previously part of University Hospital Birmingham NHS Foundation Trustclosed in 2011.
 Central Congregational Church is a historic church meeting house on Middle Street in Eastport Maine USA.The Federal style meeting house was built in 1829. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Riverside Centre is a skyscraper designed by Harry Seidler and located at 123 Eagle Street Brisbane Queensland Australia. Completed in 1986 it contains 40 storeys and rises 146 m above ground. The building is owned by General Property Trust.The base of the building fronts the Brisbane River with a CityCat wharf has many cafes and restaurants and is the site for the Riverside markets on Sundays.
 Istanbul Sapphire or Sapphire is a skyscraper and as of 2011 the tallest building in Istanbul and Turkey located in the central business district of Levent. Istanbul Sapphire was the tallest building in Europe without Russian territory when the construction was completed. It is the 7th tallest building in Europe. It is the country's first ecological skyscraper.
 The Museo de Arte del Tolima (MAT) is an art museum located in Ibagué capital of the Tolima Department of Colombia. It features pieces of Colombian art and contemporary Latin American art. The museum was founded by the artists Dario Ortiz Julio Cesar Cuitiva Margareth Bonilla Morales and others and opened its doors to the public in December 2003.
 Armory Park Historic Residential District is a historic district in Tucson Arizona. It was listed on the NRHP in 1976 and the district boundaries were increased in 1996.
 The Free Watermen and Lightermen’s Almshouses (generally known as the Royal Watermen's Almshouses) on Beckenham Road / Penge High Street Penge Kent were built in 1840–1841 to designs by the architect George Porter by the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the City of London for retired company freemen and their widows. It is the most prominent and oldest of the Victorian almshouses in Penge.
 Trinity Church also known as Trinity Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church in Warsaw Wyoming County New York. The Carpenter Gothic style frame church was built in 1853-1854 and closely follows the plan and elevations of a country church published by Richard Upjohn (1802–1878) in his book Upjohn's Rural Architecture (1852).
 The Leverett Center Historic District is an expansive 467-acre (189 ha) historic district encompassing the historic heart of the rural community of Leverett in eastern Franklin County Massachusetts. The district is focused on a two-mile stretch of Depot and Montague Roads at whose center is the civic heart of the town.
 Hipping Hall is a country house hotel on the border of Lancashire Cumbria and North Yorkshire near Kirkby Lonsdale.Opened in 2005 by chemist-turned-hotelier Andrew Wildsmith the five-star retreat dates back to the 15th Century and has nine bedrooms and a three AA rosette restaurant serving a menu of locally-sourced food.In Autumn 2010 Hipping Hall featured in an episode of BBC2’s The Trip – a series starring Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon in which the pair embark on a restaurant tour of northern England.
 The Newbrook Observatory (a designated historic building) was built in Newbrook Alberta Canada by the Stellar Physics Division of the Dominion Observatory and operated as a space observatory from 1952 until 1957 The observatory was equipped with a Super-Schmidt Meteor Camera one of only six built by the Perkin-Elmer Company used to observe meteors.
 Jackson County Jail in Newport Arkansas was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It still shows in the National Register's NRIS database as being currently listed. However it was delisted on September 20 2006.
 The Refuge Waterfowl Museum is located at 7059 Maddox Boulevard Chincoteague Virginia United States. The museum contains an extensive collection of wildfowl wood carvings by renowned decoy crafters. The museum also exhibits murals wildlife paintings and skipjack models. The museum also claims Cigar Daisy as its resident carver. After the death of its owner on May 4th 2013 the museum announced that it will close and sell its assets.
 The Gothic Revival Church of St. Nicholas (German: St.-Nikolai-Kirche) was formerly one of the five Lutheran Hauptkirchen (main churches) in the city of Hamburg. The church lies now in ruins with only its spire remaining serving as a memorial and an important architectural landmark.
 The Hand & Flowers is a gastropub in Marlow Buckinghamshire which opened in 2005. Owned and operated by Tom Kerridge and his wife Beth it gained its first Michelin star within a year of opening and a second in the 2012 list making it the first pub to hold two Michelin stars. It was also named the AA Restaurant of the Year for 2011–12. Reviews from food critics have been mixed.
 Tomarps Kungsgård Castle (Swedish: Tomarps kungsgård) is a castle in Åstorp Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. Probably erected as a Renaissance building in the mid-16th century composed of four two story high wings with brick roof surrounded by a narrow (7*9 meter) rectangular yard. The central part of the north wing contains the remains of a building from the Middle Ages. In the south-east corner of the yard there was a tower until the late 18th century.
 The Hibbard Apartment Building is an apartment building located at 8905 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan directly adjacent to The Kean. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Franklin Park Conservatory is a botanical garden and conservatory located in Columbus Ohio. It is open daily and an admission fee is charged. Originally built in 1895 the Conservatory is on the National Register of Historic Places. Today it is a horticultural and educational institution showcasing exotic plant collections special exhibitions and Dale Chihuly artworks.The conservatory contains more than 400 plant species.
 St John's Church Hutton Roof is in the village of Hutton Roof Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of seven local parishes the benefice being entitled Kirkby Lonsdale Team Ministry and known locally as the Rainbow Parish. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Cafe Hon is a restaurant in the Hampden area of Baltimore Maryland and site of the annual HonFest every June.
 The Edward J. Dahinden House is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Cordova Theater in Pullman Washington is a Mission/Spanish Revival style theater that was designed by architects Whitehouse & Price and interior decorator Carl R. Berg. It was constructed in 1927. In 1950 an Art Deco-style marquee with neon lighting was added.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 at which time it had run movies for 76 years and [was] the oldest and longest-running movie house in Pullman.
 Cedar Grove also known as the William Tompkins House is a historic home located at Cedar Grove Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built in 1844 and is a two story five bay double pile rectangular brick house. When built it had upper and lower verandas across the rear but these were enclosed about 1892. It features a small entrance portico with a second floor balcony.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Auberge De Kieviet is a restaurant located in Wassenaar in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1961-1991. In 1986 the restaurant was sold to Bob Goudsmit at that time already owner of Molen de Dikkert. In 1992 Goudsmit went bankrupt and with him both restaurants. During the bankruptcy it was sold to Tartuffe Holding the company that owned Vreugd en Rust.
 Charles Heath House is a historic house at 12 Heath Hill in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Gerald-Dowdell House is a historic Italianate style house in Montgomery Alabama. The two-story frame and masonry raised-cottage was built in 1854-55 for Perley and Camilla Gerald. Perley Gerald was born in New York and migrated to Alabama in 1829. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 28 1980. It was extensively restored in 2000 and now houses the law offices of Wilkerson and Bryan P.C.
 McNiven Farm Complex is a historic home and barn complex located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. The original house was built about 1790 and is a small Dutch house that is located to the rear of the present structure. A substantial addition was completed in the mid-19th century. It is a two story five bay wide farmhouse with a center entrance and gable roof. Also on the property is a vernacular barn complex.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Church of Saints Cyril and Methodius (Croatian: Crkva svetih Ćirila i Metoda) is a Roman Catholic church in Vinkovci Croatia.
 The Worcester Center Galleria located in Downtown Worcester Massachusetts was a two level shopping mall which originally opened on July 29 1971 as a part of the Worcester Center urban renewal project. The mall which connected the 100 Front Street and 120 Front Street office towers was successful for 20 years until it closed following a series of store vacancies. The mall re-opened in 1994 as a short-lived outlet center called Worcester Common Fashion Outlets finally closing in 2006.
 First Trinitarian Congregational Church is an historic Congregational church at 381 Country Way in Scituate Massachusetts; it is associated with the United Church of Christ.The Classical Revival church building was constructed in 1826 after its congregation had left the First Parish Church of Scituate when it became Unitarian in theology. The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church edifice located at 189 Keith Road on the eastern end of Victoria Park in North Vancouver British Columbia Canada.It was designed in the Classical Revival style by the noted British Columbia architectural firm of Honeyman and Curtis. Built in 1925 it is a single-storey wooden building with basement.
 Joseph Wing Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1820 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay frame building on a limestone foundation in a vernacular Federal style. It has a gable roof is sheathed in clapboard and has a 1 1⁄2-story rear wing.
 The Fort of São Pedro do Estoril also known as the Fort of Poça is a medieval fortification along the coast of the civil parish of Estoril in the municipality of Cascais. Situated on the beach of Poça the Fort was part of a group of fortifications during the Joanino era of Portuguese monarchs constructioned between 1642 and 1648 to form a defensive line between the Fort of São Julião da Barra and Cabo da Roca.
 Fairview Manor also known as Longue Vue Manor Our Lady of Fairview and Fairview Manor Restaurant and Lodge is a historic home located at Clayton in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1937 as a summer retreat for industrialist Carl J. Zimmerman.
 Windsor Shades also known as Ruffin's Ferry and Waterville is a historic home located near Sweet Hall King William County Virginia. It was built about 1785 and is a 1 1/2-story five-bay gambrel-roofed frame structure covered with beaded weatherboards and set on a low English-bond brick basement. Located on the Pamumkey River this home was at one time called Waterville by the owners. The house was completed in 1794 by James Ruffin.
 Little Marlow Priory was a priory in Buckinghamshire England. It was run for many years as a nunnery. It was established around 1218 and dissolved in 1536.
 Greenwood Hotel is a historic building at 300 N. Main Street in Eureka Kansas. The brick structure was constructed in 1882 to house visitors involved in the burgeoning cattle industry in the area. Owner H.D. Hover renovated the Hotel in 1926 to its current external appearance with a remodel that reflected the Spanish Mission Revival style. To celebrate the grand reopening a celebration dinner was held on September 23 1926 with great fanfare.
 Roberts-Quay House also known as the Philadelphia Dance Academy is a historic home located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1850 and expanded in 1889 1906 1921 and 1928. The original section measures 47 feet by 51 feet and is a four-story building with a brownstone face and sides of stucco scored as brownstone. It has a basement attic and cupola and is in a Renaissance Revival style.
 The Ardis Furnace is an abandoned experimental blast furnace located at the northeast corner of Aragon and Antoine Streets (accessible from US-2) in Iron Mountain Michigan. The Ardis Furnace was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Blairsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Blairsville Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins & Co.. It was built in 1909 and is a T-shaped two-story three-bays wide and nine-bays deep castle-like building in the Romanesque Revival style. The front section is the flat-roofed administration building with a gable roofed drill hall behind.
 Franklin School is a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County New York. It was built in 1907 and is a two story red brick H shaped institutional building in the Georgian Revival style. It is trimmed with yellow brick and stone. There are massive yellow brick pilasters at the corner of the pavilions and recessed rectangular panels. It operated as a school by the Schenectady City School District until 1974.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Easton Historic District is a national historic district located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. The district includes 405 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Easton. The buildings were primarily built between 1830 and 1910 with the oldest dated to 1752. Notable buildings include the First Reformed Church (United Church of Christ) Colonel Robert Hooper House former Ormsby's Restaurant First Public Library St.
 Matt's Place Drive-In in Butte Montana is one of the first drive-in restaurant in Montana. Unlike later drive-ins which frequently featured a streamline moderne style or at least an acknowledgement of their orientation to automobile-oriented customers Matt's Place was a straighforward conversion of a house to serve customers in cars.
 The German Heritage Museum is located in Cincinnati Ohio United States.This Museum serves as the focal point in presenting the contributions of the many German immigrants and their descendants in the Ohio River Valley and America. The museum focuses especially on representing the long history of German-Americans in the Greater Cincinnati area which became and remains one of the major German-American centers in the United States.
 The Artillery Museum of Finland (Suomen Tykistömuseo in Finnish) is a special military museum dedicated to the history of the artillery from the 15th century to the present day. It was located in Niinisalo from 1977 to 1997. In 1997 it was relocated to Hämeenlinna.
 The Ashton Arcades also known locally as just Arcades is a medium sized shopping centre located in Ashton-under-Lyne Greater Manchester England.It currently has over 40 stores over two floors and a multi-storey car park for customers. There are approved plans for the expansion of the centre which will also re-develop the adjacent bus station and add a tram station for the expansion of Manchester Metrolink.
 The Church of Saint Andrew and St Paul is a Presbyterian church in downtown Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 3415 Redpath Street on the corner of Sherbrooke Street (Route 138).
 The first Jefferson County Courthouse was built in Charles Town West Virginia in 1808 on a lot donated by Charles Washington. It was replaced by a larger building about 1836 which comprises the core of the present courthouse.
 San Martino is a church in Pisa Italy facing piazza San Martino on the left bank of the Arno river. Documents from 1067 cite a church of San Martino in Guazzolongo (name of the quartiere) belonging to the Augustinian order. It was rebuilt in 1331 under the commission of Bonifacio Novello della Gherardesca who wished to endow a convent a nuns of an Order of Saint Clare. From 1395 it was considered cappella del Santissimo Sacramento.
 The Woman's Club House in Manhattan Kansas was built in 1911. It was designed by St. Louis Missouri architects Helfensteller Hirsch & Watson.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Winston Churchill's Britain at War Experience was a themed museum located in central London which recalls the London Blitz.
 Näsinneula is an observation tower in Tampere Finland overseeing Lake Näsijärvi. It was built in 1970–1971 and was designed by Pekka Ilveskoski. It is the tallest free-standing structure in Finland and the tallest observation tower in the Nordic countries at a height of 168 metres (551 ft). The tower opened in 1971 and is located in the Särkänniemi amusement park. There is a revolving restaurant in the tower 124 metres (407 ft) above the ground; one revolution takes 45 minutes.
 The First Unitarian Society in Newton is located at 1326 Washington Street in the village of West Newton in Newton Massachusetts. Architect Ralph Adams Cram designed the church Frederick Law Olmsted designed the grounds the cornerstone was laid in 1905 and it was dedicated in 1906. It includes elements of Tudor Revival Elizabethan Revival Late Gothic Revival and other styling.
 Indian Oaks (or Our Lady of Providence Seminary or Senator Nelson W. Aldrich Estate) is an historic site at 836 Warwick Neck Avenue in Warwick Rhode Island.The site was built in 1889 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Borderside also known as Brydon Mansion was a historic home located at Bloomington Garrett County Maryland United States. It was a 2 1⁄2-story with 3-story tower Italianate style brick structure that burned in the mid- to late 1970s. The tower had a pronounced bell-curve Mansard roof. It was built in 1870 for William A. Brydon a coal and lumber dealer and member of the Maryland House of Delegates in 1867..Borderside was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Mountjoy Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 The Henry B. Miller House is house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Masonic Hall also known as the Masonic Temple and Mendocino Lodge No. 179 is an historic Masonic building located at 10500 Lansing Street in Mendocino California coordinates 39°18′24″N 123°47′55″W.It was built in 1866 of local redwood by Eric Albertson and John Gschwend. Eric Albertson who was the first worshipful master of Mendocino Lodge No. 179 also crafted from a single redwood trunk the unique sculpture of Time and the Maiden which adorns the top of the hall's cupola.
 Queen Anne Cottage and Coach Barn is a National Register of Historic Places structure (site #80000804) and a California Historical Landmark (#367) on the grounds of the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden in Arcadia California.
 The Winchester Mystery House is a mansion in San Jose California which was once the personal residence of Sarah Winchester the widow of gun magnate William Wirt Winchester. The property and mansion have been claimed to be haunted—including by Winchester herself—since construction commenced in 1884.
 Atzelberg Tower (German: Atzelberg Turm Atzel Mountain Tower) also known as Atzelberg Observation Tower for long was a 30.39 m-high (99.7 ft) German wooden lattice observation tower that was located on the summit of the 506.7 m-high (1662 ft) mountain of Atzelberg. The Atzelberg Tower had a floor count of 6 floors including both the ground floor and the top. The Atzelberg Tower's top floor measured 30.39 m (99.7 ft) above sea level.
 Trillium Health Partners is a three-hospital group comprising the Credit Valley Hospital Missisauga Hospital and Queensway Health Centre (formerly the Queensway General Hospital) serving the diverse communities of Mississauga the Halton-Peel region and west Toronto. Trillium Health Partners is Canada’s largest community-based academically affiliated hospital and has the largest Emergency department in Canada.
 Wampanoag Royal Cemetery is an historic colonial Native American cemetery in Lakeville Massachusetts. There are approximately 20 graves in the cemetery all of them Native Americans.The Wampanoag cemetery was founded in 1676 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 St Michael's Church Torpenhow is in the civil parish of Blennerhasset and Torpenhow Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Derwent the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Alte Pinakothek (Engl. Old Pinakothek) is an art museum situated in the Kunstareal in Munich Germany. It is one of the oldest galleries in the world and houses one of the most famous collections of Old Master paintings. The name (old Pinakothek) alludes to the time period covered by the art — the Neue Pinakothek covers 19th-century art and the recently opened Pinakothek der Moderne exhibits modern art all galleries are part of Munich's Kunstareal (the art area).
 Central Prison Poojappura is situated in Poojappura in Thiruvananthapuram Kerala state of India. It was established in Kerala in the year of 1914 as a part of Kochi Rajyam It is one of the three central prisons other than Kannur and Viyyur situated in Kerala.
 The Westonzoyland Pumping Station Museum of Steam Power & Land Drainage is a small industrial heritage museum dedicated to steam powered machinery in Westonzoyland in the English county of Somerset. It is a Grade II* listed building and is on the English Heritage Heritage at Risk Register.The museum is housed in the first of several similar pumping stations to be built on the Somerset Levels.
 The Holy Apostles Monastery (Armenian: Սուրբ Առաքելոց վանք Surb Arakelots vank) was a 6th-10th century Armenian monastery in the Taron province of historic Armenia near the town of Mush (now in the Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey). The monastery was destroyed after the Armenian population of Mush was massacred during the Armenian Genocide.
 The Internal Revenue Service Building is a federal building which serves as the headquarters of the Internal Revenue Service. It is located at 12th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the Federal Triangle.
 The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza is located on the sixth floor of the Dallas County Administration Building (formerly the Texas School Book Depository). The museum examines the life times death and legacy of President John F. Kennedy.
 The C. K. Schoonmaker Stone House is located on Queens Highway near the hamlet of Kerhonkson New York United States in the Ulster County town of Rochester. It is a stone bank house erected in the early 19th century.It has remained mostly intact from the time of its construction. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 River Street Tower is an approved skyscraper scheme in Manchester England. The building was proposed in June 2012 and approved in October 2012. River Street Tower will be situated next to the Mancunian Way on land which is currently occupied by a half-built concrete frame. The concrete structure which was first built in 2005 but was abandoned after the original developer was liquidated.
 Block Island North Light (Lighthouse) built in 1867 is a historic lighthouse on Block Island Rhode Island (New Shoreham).
 Holy Trinity Church Bury is located in Spring Street Bury Greater Manchester England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church in the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Edgewood Mall is a regional shopping mall located in McComb Mississippi. Situated at the intersection of Interstate 55 and Veterans Boulevard the mall is anchored by four department stores — J. C. Penney Sears Belk and Goody's — with Ashley Furniture Home Store as a junior anchor. The mall currently has more than 40 interior shops.. A Wal-Mart Supercenter is located next door and Lowe's is located across the boulevard.
 Yerwada Central Jail is a noted high-security jail in Yerwada Pune in Maharashtra. This is the largest jail in the state of Maharashtra and also one of the largest prisons in South Asia housing over 3600 prisoners (2005) spread over various barracks and security zones besides an open jail just outside its premises. Many famous personalities like Mahatma Gandhi have been jailed here during the Indian independence movement in 1930s and 1940s.
 The National Museum of Eritrea is a national museum in Asmara Eritrea. Inaugurated in 1992 by Woldeab Woldemariam it was originally located in the former Governor's Palace until 1997 when it was moved. The venue has since been relocated to the former Comboni Sisters School for Women.The function of the National Museum of Eritrea is to promote Eritrean history both within the country and abroad. It also aims to investigate new archaeological sites and to explore the country's history.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rapid City. Constructed in 1963 the cathedral is located at 606 Cathedral Drive in Rapid City.
 mumok full name MUseum MOderner Kunst (English: Museum of Modern Art) Foundation Ludwig Vienna is a museum in the Museumsquartier in Vienna Austria.The museum has a collection of 7000 modern and contemporary art works including major works from Andy Warhol Pablo Picasso Joseph Beuys Nam June Paik Wolf Vostell Gerhard Richter Jasper Johns and Roy Lichtenstein.
 Pilton Priory was a priory in Devon England.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Battlefield is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Battlefield Shropshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 One Raffles Place formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the three tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore sharing the title with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza. At 280 m (920 ft) it was the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986 surpassing South Korea's 63 Building completed one year earlier until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower. The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place.
 First African Baptist Church at Raccoon Bluff is a historic church in Hog Hammock Georgia.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 Jeremiah Burns Farm also known as The Burns Place is a historic home and farm located at Washington Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The contributing buildings are the farmhouse (1832) a hewn timber frame Pennsylvania barn (c. 1900) and a small shed dated to the late-19th or early 20th-century. The property also includes the millrace and remains of a sickle mill and a line of cobblestones from the barn to the mill site.
 NorthTown Mall is shopping mall located in Spokane Washington. The shopping mall first opened in 1955 and has been expanded several times with its biggest expansion occurring between 1989 and 1991. Since March 2002 the center has been owned by General Growth Properties. The complex is currently anchored by Barnes & Noble JCPenney Kohl's Macy's Marshalls Regal Cinemas and Sears.
 Port Gibson United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Port Gibson in Ontario County New York. The church was constructed in 1871 and is an imposing example of Romanesque Revival style. The front facade features a square frame bell tower surmounted by a soaring slate clad octagonal spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Sedona Ranger Station was built by the U.S. Forest Service in Sedona Arizona in 1917 to administer the Red Rock Ranger District of Coconino National Forest. The ranger station complex includes a residence a barn and a pump house. The house is a wood frame single story bungalow-style building on a sandstone foundation.In the 1935 the Civilian Conservation Corps built the barn and pumphouse.
 The Mann Island Buildings are a group of buildings in Liverpool England currently under construction.They comprise three international style mixed use buildings on Mann Island which lies on the waterfront between the Port of Liverpool Building and the Albert Dock.
 St Pancras Soper Lane was a parish church in the City of London in England. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Portal State Bank on Main St. in Portal North Dakota United States was built in 1903 in Classical Revival architecture. Also known as the Union Bank of Portal it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.It was very well built and is well preserved and is unusual in Burke County for its architecture.
 City Gate Mahon is an office and medical complex in Mahon Cork Ireland. The construction of the complex cost €70m.[citation needed]
 The Plano Stone Church also known as the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints was constructed in 1868 to serve as the headquarters for the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS) under the leadership of Joseph Smith III. Smith moved to Plano Illinois in 1866 and in 1867 was appointed head of the Stone Church's building committee. Smith and the committee selected the site design and builder for the structure.
 The Beitou Hot Spring Museum (Chinese: 北投溫泉博物館; pinyin: Běitóu Wēnquán Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Beitou District Taipei Taiwan.
 Sir Ivan Stedeford Hospital is a modern multi-speciality hospital in Ambattur Chennai India. The hospital is named after Sir Ivan Stedeford the British industrialist and philanthropist. The hospital was opened in 25 February 1966 and is managed by the AMM Foundation. It is situated 3 km from the Ambattur rail-bridge on the Ambattur–Avadi road about a kilometer from the Ambattur—Red Hills Road intersection.
 The Grand Mosque in Makhachkala (Yusuf Bei Cami) is the main mosque of the Republic of Dagestan. It is supposed to have been patterned after the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul. The building can accommodate up to 17000 worshipers. Its construction was financed by Turkey. The mosque was completed and consecrated in 1998. It is the focal point of the city's main thoroughfare Imam Shamil Avenue.
 The Church of St. Benedict the Moor is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 342 West 53rd Street Hell's Kitchen (Clinton) Manhattan New York City New York.
 Indi Home (Chinese: 樂悠居) is a skyscraper located in the Tsuen Wan district of the New Territories in Hong Kong. The tower rises 56 floors and 212 metres (696 ft) in height. The building was completed in 2005. It was developed by Chinese Estates Groups under the name of its subsidiary Kwong Sang Hong Limited. Indi Home which stands as the 39th-tallest building in Hong Kong is almost composed entirely of residential units of which it contains 950; the lower floors also have retailing space.
 John Bullen House is a historic home located at Dover Kent County Delaware. It was built between 1775 and 1781 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling. The interior retains original woodwork in the central hall the former dining room and the second floor south bedroom. The Farmers' Bank of Delaware purchased the house in 1959.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 1108 N. Adams Street in Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was designed by noted architect Theophilus P. Chandler and built in 1890. It is constructed of grayish white Avondale limestone laid in random coursed rock-faced ashlar blocks in the Gothic Revival style. It features pointed arch windows and doors a high spire the additional pinnacles on the side of the building and buttresses.
 Veitastrond Chapel (Norwegian: Veitastrond kapell) is a chapel in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Veitastrond. The chapel is part of the Hafslo parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden chapel has 120 seats and was built as a bedehus in 1928. On 14 July 1935 it was consecrate to be used for church functions and received the designation of chapel.
 The Chichu Art Museum (地中美術館 Chichū Bijutsukan) (lit. art museum in the earth) is a museum built directly into a southern portion of the island of Naoshima in Kagawa Prefecture Japan. It was designed by architect Tadao Ando and opened its doors to the public on July 18 2004.
 Hikaru Memorial Hall (光記念館 Hikaru Kinenkan) is an exhibition hall in Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan comprising exhibition rooms for fine arts for archaeological research and for the study of the history of the old Hida Province of Japan.The memorial hall was established to pay homage to Yoshikazu Okada founder of the Mahikari organization and also houses exhibits paying homage to his life and missions.
 Shrewsbury Railroad Station Stewartstown Railroad is a historic railroad station located at Shrewsbury York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1910 and is a one-story three bay by four bay brick building built by the Stewartstown Railroad. It has a hipped roof that extends over a porch. It was used as both a freight and passenger station.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Immigration Museum is a museum primarily displaying Australia's immigration history. It is located on Flinders Street in Melbourne Victoria in the Old Customs House. It is famous for its most important space the Long Room which is a notable piece of Renaissance Revival architecture.The museum was founded in 1998 and is a division of Museum Victoria which administers the cultural and scientific collections of the State of Victoria.
 The Church of St Thomas More is a Roman Catholic church in Seaford East Sussex England. It has a congregation of around 500 people and the current parish priest is Father Paul Jennings.
 The John Mason House is a historic house at 10 Hillside Avenue in Winchester Massachusetts. This two story wood frame house was built sometime in the 1860s probably for Joshua Stone who sold it to John Mason sometime before 1875. Mason was one of the first Boston businessmen to establish a suburban residence in Winchester.
 House at 226 West Penn Street also known as Long Beach Historical Museum is a historic home located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1909 and is a two story American Craftsman / bungalow style residence with a stucco exterior and a clay tile hipped roof. It features a large stucco colonnaded wraparound porch supported by eight thick columns. Also on the property is a contributing early 20th century garage.
 The Lemuel B. Chase House is a historic house at 340 Scudder Avenue in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-3/4 story wood frame house was built sometime in the 1820s and is a well-preserved side-hall entry Greek Revival house with a 1-1/2 story wing. It has wide corner boards supporting a fascia with dentil moulding.
 The North Rim Road Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park near Crawford Colorado was built during 1933-38. It is an approximately five mile long roadway with viewpoints and associated structures. It is recognized as a designed landscape. It includes five overlooks over the Black Canyon of the Gunnison.
 The Government House in New York built in 1790 by the state was intended to be the executive mansion for President George Washington but he never occupied it. Before it was completed the federal government moved temporarily to Philadelphia Pennsylvania; then permanently to Washington D.C. It then became the state governor’s residence and was used by George Clinton and John Jay. Later it was leased to John Avery and was known as the Elysian Boarding House.
 Yokohama City University Medical Center (横浜市立大学附属市民総合医療センター) is a general hospital located in Minami-ku Yokohama Japan. Founded in 1871 it is the second oldest western-style hospital in Japan.
 The West Virginia Capitol Complex is a 18-acre (7.3 ha) historic district located along Kanawha Blvd. E. in Charleston West Virginia. It dates from 1925 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It includes the three part capitol buildings the West Virginia State Capitol designed and supervised by noted architect Cass Gilbert. And it includes the Governor's residence West Virginia Executive Mansion designed by Charleston architect Walter F.
 Boxborough Old Town Center is a historic district on Hill Road Middle Road Picnic Street in Boxborough Massachusetts.The area features colonial and federal architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Confederate Monument in Danville located between Centre College and the First Presbyterian Church at the corner of Main and College Streets in Danville Kentucky's McDowell Park is a monument dedicated to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kent and Sussex Hospital was a district general hospital located on Mount Ephraim in Tunbridge Wells Kent England serving the West Kent and East Sussex areas. It closed on 21 September 2011 and was replaced by The Tunbridge Wells Hospital in Pembury nearly three miles from the town.The hospital provided 281 beds. mostly in Nightingale wards i.e. with rows of beds on either side of the room.
 Hunt Regional Medical Center (or Hunt Regional) is a full-service hospital located at 4215 Joe Ramsey Boulevard in Greenville Texas. The hospital opened on August 1 1971 and has since undergone numerous expansions. Hunt Regional serves patients in Hunt County.
 Mt. Olivet Methodist Church is a historic church in Lancaster Kentucky.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Smithville Seminary was a Freewill Baptist institution established in 1839 on what is now Institute Lane in Smithville-North Scituate Rhode Island. Renamed the Lapham Institute in 1863 it closed in 1876. The site was then used as the campus of the Pentecostal Collegiate Institute and later the Watchman Institute and is now the Scituate Commons apartments. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Sorø Art Museum is an art museum located in Sorø Denmark. It displays a representative collection of Danish art as well as a collection of Russian art covering both painting from 1870 to 1930 and Russian icons and also hosts special exhibitions both of classical and contemporary art.
 The Jeptha Hayman House also known as Hayman Farm is a historic home located at Kingston Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a two-story five-bay weatherboard frame dwelling in the Greek Revival-style. The oldest portion is dated by an inscribed brick to 1836 with an addition about 1850. The house features a Tuscan-columned porch supported on a rusticated concrete block knee wall.The Jeptha Hayman House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 SS Philip and Jacob Church (grid reference ST594730) commonly referred to as Pip 'n' Jay is a parish church in central Bristol England. Its full name since 1934 is St Philip and St Jacob with Emmanuel the Unity although reference to the original church of St Philip exists in records dating from 1174. Historically the 'Mother church of East Bristol' it serves the area known as The Dings.
 The Ossian H. Sweet House is a privately owned house located at 2905 Garland Street in Detroit Michigan. Designed by Maurice Herman Finkel the residence's second owner was physician Ossian Sweet an African-American and the site of a confrontation in 1925 between the Sweet family and a mob attempting to force them out of the predominantly white neighborhood. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Higham Park is a Grade II* listed neoclassical style house and gradens located at Bridge Kent 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Canterbury.
 The Neolog Synagogue (Romanian: Sinagoga Neologă or Templul Memorial al Deportaţilor; Hungarian: Kolozsvári Neológ Zsinagóga Emléktemplom) in Cluj-Napoca Romania is the city's only working synagogue serving the local Jewish community. It was originally built for the local Neolog congregation. Located on Horea Street it was built based on the plans of Izidor Hegner an engineer between 1886 and 1887.
 Two Bayou Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in Camden Arkansas.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1998.
 The Falls City School House is a building located in Jerome Idaho that was built by stonemason H.T. Pugh in 1919. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 East Farm also known as the Archibald M. Brown Estate is a national historic district located at Head of the Harbor in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with seven contributing buildings and one contributing site. The estate house was originally built in the 18th century about 1710 and as the Smith family farmhouse then greatly enlarged by its architect-owner in 1910.
 The Priestley-Forsyth Memorial Library also known as the Dr. Joseph Priestley House or Cross Keys Inn in Northumberland Pennsylvania was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.It was built as an inn in 1820 and purchased in about 1880 by the theologian and scientist Joseph Priestley's great grandson Dr. Joseph Priestley. Dr. Priestley used it as a home and medical office.
 From 1802 to 1921 Eleutherian Mills was a gunpowder mill site used for the manufacture of explosives by the Du Pont family business. The name also refers to the house on the hill above the mills which was the first Du Pont family home in America. The business was founded by Eleuthère Irénée du Pont. In 1952 the site became an outdoor museum and the Hagley Museum and Library was founded.
 Children's Medical Center is the only academic healthcare system in Dallas-Fort Worth dedicated solely to the comprehensive care of children from birth to age 18. Its mission as a private not-for-profit pediatric hospital system is “to make life better for children.”Children's has grown to include two hospitals – one in Dallas and one in Plano – and several other outpatient centers.
 Mansfield Center Cemetery is a small cemetery in the Mansfield Center section of Mansfield Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It includes some 300 to 400 headstones.The site was set aside for use as a cemetery as early as 1693 and it remained in general use for that purpose until the 1870s.
 The Crystal Hotel (formerly Hotel Alma) is a hotel located in downtown Portland Oregon. Originally named the Hotel Alma the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The property is operated by McMenamins.
 Pomfret Plantation is a historic home located at Marion Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a two-story four room plan gable roofed frame house constructed between 1810 and 1830. A two-story hyphen joins an early-19th century kitchen wing to the main block. The property also includes a post-Civil War frame tenant house and a 19th-century Coulbourne family cemetery.
 The Stokely Davis House (also known as Fairmount) was built in 1850 and includes Italianate architecture and Greek Revival architectureThe house is among the best two-story vernacular I-house examples in the county (along with William King House Alpheus Truett House Claiborne Kinnard House Beverly Toon House and Old Town a.k.a. Thomas Brown House).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.On the early morning of January 29 2014 it burned down.
 Cross County Mall was a partially enclosed mall located in West Palm Beach Florida at Military Trail and Okeechobee Road approximately three-quarters of a mile west of Interstate 95. The site is within 1.5 miles of Florida's Turnpike and Palm Beach County Airport. It was purchased in September 1997 and subsequently demolished and revamped into a power center keeping some of the same anchors.
 The University House is a building on the campus of the University of California Berkeley. Designed by the architect Albert Pissis it was formerly the home of the president of the University of California but is now the home of the chancellor of the Berkeley campus.It is actually the only residence in the campus's central core as all student housing lies outside the core campus (but within walking distance).
 Engine Company No. 25 is a historic firehouse located at 3203 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave SE Washington District of Columbia.
 Rocky Point Manor is a three-story mansion in Harrodsburg Kentucky. It was built in 1810 for attorney and judge James Haggin.
 Congregation Tifereth Israel (Splendor of Israel) is an Orthodox synagogue located in the Corona section of Queens New York. It was founded by Ashkenazi Jews who had moved to Queens from Manhattan's Lower East Side. Estée Lauder and her parents were early members.The congregation constructed its synagogue building in 1911 a wooden Gothic and Moorish revival structure designed by Crescent L. Varrone and modeled after the narrow tenement synagogues built on Manhattan's Lower East Side.
 Aycrigg Mansion located in Passaic Passaic County New Jersey United States was the home of John Bancker Aycrigg. The mansion was built in 1848 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 1982.
 The Oscar B. Balch House is a home located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The Prairie style Balch House was designed by famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1911. The home was the first house Wright designed after returning from a trip to Europe with a client's wife. The subsequent social exile cost the architect friends clients and his family. The house is one of the first Wright houses to employ a flat roof which gives the home a horizontal linearity.
 The First Reformed Dutch Church of Bergen Neck now known as The First Federated Church of Bayonne is located in Bayonne Hudson County New Jersey United States. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22 1982.
 Trolley Square is a partially enclosed shopping center located in Salt Lake City Utah United States. It is considered to be a trendy high-end center and is the second-most-visited tourist destination within Salt Lake City proper with 30% of its customers being from out of state. The center lies within close proximity to downtown Salt Lake City and the UTA TRAX light-rail system.
 The Royal Palace in Amsterdam (Dutch: Koninklijk Paleis Amsterdam or Paleis op de Dam) is one of three palaces in the Netherlands which are at the disposal of the monarch by Act of Parliament.The palace was built as a city hall during the Dutch Golden Age in the 17th century. The building became the royal palace of King Louis Napoleon and later of the Dutch Royal House.
 Fiplingdal Church (Norwegian: Fiplingdal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the north side of the tiny village of Leiren on the north end of the lake Nedre Fiplingvatnet. The church is part of the Grane parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The small wooden building was built in 1946 to serve the eastern part of the municipality. It was consecrated as a chapel in 1964.
 Grand Hotel Kathmandu is a hotel in Kathmandu Nepal located on Red Cross Road in Tachachal in the western central part of the city near Kathmandu Engineering College. It is located in a distinct white and red building and is the tallest hotel in Nepal. The hotel has 91 rooms and 7 suites.
 The Peralta Adobe is the oldest building in San Jose northern California. The adobe was built in 1797 and is named after Luis María Peralta its most famous resident. The original builder was probably Manuel González an Apache Indian.
 Khyber Teaching Hospital (KTH) is a university hospital and the primary teaching affiliate of Khyber Medical College Peshawar Pakistan. KTH lies on the historic route that links up to the historic Khyber Pass. This is one of the largest hospitals in the country. As a tertiary health-care facility KTH serves as major referral center in the region. This facility serves a large population both domestic and foreign in the North West of Pakistan as well as North Eastern Afghanistan.
 Fontaine-l'Évêque Castle (French: Château de Fontaine-l'Évêque also known as Château Bivort) is a castle in Fontaine-l'Évêque province of Hainaut Belgium.
 The Edmonston House is located on NY 94 in the Vails Gate section of the Town of New Windsor in Orange County New York. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.Built in 1755 by William Edmonston it was used as a headquarters during the last years of the Revolutionary War by generals Horatio Gates and Arthur St. Clair.
 The Evergreen Hotel is a former hotel located in Vancouver Washington. At the time when it was built it was the only hotel located between Portland Oregon and Olympia Washington.The hotel declined and eventually closed in the late 1970s. In 1987 it was converted into retirement housing. Today the building is closed to the public although still a dominant feature in the historic South Main District in Vancouver.
 The Charles Hampton Tracy House is a historic house in rural Lincoln County Arkansas. It is located at 2794 Blair Road (County Road 75) north and a little east of the county seat of Star City. The single story wood frame house was built in 1923 by Charles Hampton Tracy a successful local African-American cotton farmer.
 St. Aloysius Chapel (Italian: Cappella di San Luigi Portuguese: São Luís Capela) or the chapel of St. Aloysius College is a Christian chapel in Mangalore in the state of Karnataka in southwest India. The Chapel is situated in the heart of the city on the Lighthouse Hill.
 Festival Walk is a shopping centre in Kowloon Tong Hong Kong developed jointly by Swire Properties and CITIC Pacific between 1993 and 1998. At the time of its opening in November 1998 it was the biggest shopping mall in Hong Kong. There are also four floors of offices on top of the mall.
 Beaver Meadow Union Chapel is a historic chapel on the north side of Beaver Meadow Road in Norwich Vermont.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Franeker City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis van Franeker) is a the city hall of the municipality of Franeker Netherlands; one of the eleven historical cities of Friesland. The building dates from 1591-1594 and was build in Frysian renaissance style. It is a national monument and part of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites.The first stone was laid on June 24 1591. The building took a total of three years.
 The Piatt Castles built by brothers Donn and Abram S. Piatt in the 1860s and 1870s are two chateaux built in a Gothic design located 1 mi (1.6 km) and 1.75 mi (2.82 km) east of the village of West Liberty in Logan County Ohio United States. They are open to the public. In 1982 the Castles were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Otterton Priory was a priory in Devon England.
 The First Presbyterian Church in Hot Springs Arkansas was built in 1907. It was designed by Charles L. Thompson in Late Gothic Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Municipal Building also known as Old Bluefield Municipal Building is a historic municipal building located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. It was built in 1924 and is a two- to three-story steel and reinforced concrete Classical Revival-style building. It features a three-story high pedimented central pavilion with four engaged Ionic order columns.
 Centre City Tower is a commercial building in the city centre of Birmingham England owned by Bruntwood. Several companies have offices in the building including Ofwat and Virgin Trains.The building's architects were Richard Seifert and Partners.The Centre City complex consists of two buildings the Tower and the Podium. The Podium is a low-rise building that surrounds the Tower base but (with the exception of fire escapes) there is no direct connection between the two.
 Thomas Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Thomas Tucker County West Virginia. It encompasses 48 contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They include the business and commercial core of Thomas. Most of the buildings in the district date from the late-19th and early-20th century in popular architectural styles such as Italianate Renaissance Revival and Gothic Revival.
 The Onggi Folk Museum located in Seoul South Korea is a private museum specializing in onggi Korean earthenware which is used for storage and utilitarian purposes. It was established as the Goryeo Folk Museum (고려민속박물관) in 1991 and later was changed to the current name. The museum consists of three-story building and an outdoor exhibition hall where 3300 items of onggi and other items such as dancheong patterns Korean traditional decorative coloring used for building are exhibited.
 Beth Salem Presbyterian Church is a historic African-American church in Athens Tennessee.The congregation was organized in 1866 with support from white missionaries making Beth Salem the first African American church in the three-county farming region of McMinn Meigs and Polk counties.At first the congregation held its services under a brush arbor. After a local white woman donated land for a building a log church was built. It also housed a public school.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral Church and Basilica of Saint Chad is the mother church of the Archdiocese of Birmingham and province of the Catholic Church in Great Britain and is dedicated to Saint Chad of Mercia. Built by Augustus Welby Pugin and substantially complete by 1841 St. Chad's is one of the first four Catholic churches that were constructed after the English Reformation and raised to cathedral status in 1852.
 Ebenezer Chapel (also known as Marmet Christian Church) is a historic chapel on Ohio Avenue south at Hillview Drive in Marmet West Virginia.
 The Knights of Pythias Building is an historic three-story redbrick Knights of Pythias building located at 315 Main Street in Fort Worth Texas. Also known as the Knights of Pythias Castle Hall it was built in 1901 on the site of an 1881 structure the first ever Pythian Castle Hall built which had burned earlier the same year. On April 28 1970 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building is also a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark (RTHL).
 The Miramar Entertainment Park (Chinese: 美麗華百樂園; pinyin: Měilìhuá Bǎilèyuán) is a shopping mall in the Dazhi area in Zhongshan District of Taipei Taiwan.The department store also contains an IMAX theatre. With dimensions 28m × 21m its movie screen is the largest in Asia for showing commercial films.[citation needed]The Neihu Line (TRTS) of the Taipei Rapid Transit System has a station (Jiannan Road Station) next to the department store.
 Red Hill Church and School is a historic church and school located on Durham Road at Ottsville Tinicum Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The church was built in 1766 and is a two bay by two bay stuccoed stone building with a gable roof. The one-room school building was built in 1843 and is a one-story three bay by one bay stuccoed stone building. It has a gable roof with cupola.
 The George H. Gurler House or simply the Gurler House is a home in the DeKalb County Illinois city of DeKalb. The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places to which it was added in 1979. The home was built in 1857 and was occupied by members of George H. Gurler's extended family as early as 1888. Gurler was the co-founder of the Gurler Brothers Creamery.
 Musée Hergé or the Hergé Museum is a museum in Belgium dedicated to the life and work of Georges Remi better known as Hergé cartoonist and creator of The Adventures of Tintin. The museum is located in the town of Louvain-la-Neuve south of Brussels. It was designed by the French architect Christian de Portzamparc and opened in June 2009. It consists of three floors with a total of nine exhibition rooms a cafe/bar and a mini cinema.
 The Church of the Resurrection is a historic Episcopal church and rectory in Richmond Hill Queens New York City. It was originally built in 1874 as a frame Gothic Revival style church. It was extensively remodeled and enlarged in 1904 in the Late Gothic / Tudor Revival style. It has an exterior of random quarry-faced stone and a prominent bell tower with spire. The church includes the Riis family memorial window donated in 1905 by Elizabeth Riis wife of Jacob Riis.
 The State Tower Building is a high-rise building located in Syracuse New York. Completed in 1928 the building remains the highest in Syracuse to date. It has 23 floors and rises 95.4 meters (312 feet) into the air. The building was designed as a large office building with the first 10 floors being large and the top floors being setback and smaller such that one entity might occupy an entire floor. On the roof of the tenth floor was a deck on which there was a full-service restaurant.
 The Bull Stone House is located in the town of Hamptonburgh New York. It is a ten-room stone house built in the 1720s by William Bull and Sarah Wells pioneer settlers of the area.Bull a stonemason met and married Wells a fellow immigrant to the Wawayanda Patent (much of the present day towns of Goshen Hamptonburgh Minisink and Warwick) while they were both working for the patent proprietors.Sarah Wells arrived in the area as the patent's first female settler in 1712.
 Coronado New Mexico's first state historic site to open to the public was dedicated on May 29 1940 as part of the Cuarto Centenario commemoration (400th Anniversary) of Francisco Vásquez de Coronado's entry into New Mexico. It is located along New Mexico Highway 550 1 mile west of Bernalillo and 16 miles north of Albuquerque.Although it is named for Vasquez de Coronado who camped in the vicinity in 1540–1542 this archeological site is most noted for the ruins of Kuaua pueblo.
 Stillwater United Church formerly known as Second Baptist Church is a historic church at 135 Hudson Avenue in Stillwater Saratoga County New York. It was designed by noted architect Marcus F. Cummings and built in 1873. It has a rectangular gable roofed sanctuary above a raised basement of cut limestone blocks in an early Romanesque or Northern Italianate style. It features an engaged brick bell tower culminating in a belfry and topped by a tall spire.
 Llanharan House is a historic house on the outskirts of Llanharan Rhondda Cynon Taf Wales. It is located off the A473 road just east of Llanharan and is a Grade II* listed building.
 Cowdray House consists of the ruins of one of England's great Tudor houses architecturally comparable to many of the great palaces and country houses of that time. It is situated just east of Midhurst West Sussex standing on the north bank of the River Rother. It was largely destroyed by fire on 24 September 1793.
 Beaser School is a school in Ashland Wisconsin United States built in 1895. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980; designed by Henry Wildhagen it is noted for its architectural style.In 1991 Beaser School became the headquarters of Cooperative Educational Service Agency #12.
 Total Plaza (formerly the Entex Building Louisiana Place and United Gas Building) is a tower in Downtown Houston Texas one block away from the Allen Center complex. The building managed by Brookfield Properties opened in 1971. The 35 story building designed by the architect Lloyd Morgan & Jones was renovated in 1981 and 1996 and features a mirror-finished reflective glass on its exterior. Each floor has about 24000 sq ft (2200 m2) with a total of 847200 sq ft (78710 m2).
 The Stephen Storm House is located on the NY 217 state highway just east of Claverack New York United States. It is a Federal style brick house built in the early 19th century.It combines aspects of that style found in urban and rural houses and has a richly detailed interior that remains intact. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Swithun upon Kingsgate is a Church of England church in Winchester Hampshire England built in the Middle Ages in the Early English style. Located above the medieval Kingsgate one of the principal entrances to the city the church is unusual in forming a part of the fabric of the old city walls. St Swithun's first appears in 13th century records and under the fictional name of St Cuthbert's is mentioned in Anthony Trollope's novel The Warden.
 St. Francis de Sales Roman Catholic Church founded in 1890 is a Catholic church at 4625 Springfield Avenue in University City Philadelphia Pennsylvania part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia. Its cornerstone laid in 1907 the Guastavino tiled dome of the de Sales parish has been an icon in its neighborhood. The de Sales parish was designed by Philadelphia architect Henry D.
 The Abu Hanifa Mosque (Arabic: مسجد أبو حنيفة masjid abū ḥanīfah or مسجد أبي حنيفة masjid abī ḥanīfah‎) is one of the most prominent Sunni mosques in Baghdād Iraq.Abu Hanifa Mosque is built around the tomb of Abū Ḥanīfah an-Nuʿmān (often called the Great Imam (ألإمام الأعظم al-imām al-aʿẓam)) the founder of the Ḥanafī madhhab or school of Islamic religious jurisprudence.
 The Parish Church of Saint Peter ad Vincula South Newington is the Church of England parish church of South Newington a village about 5 miles (8 km) southwest of Banbury in Oxfordshire. The church is one of only 15 in England dedicated to St Peter ad Vincula (St Peter in Chains) after the basilica of San Pietro in Vincoli in Rome.
 The Badu Building is located in the city of Llano county of Llano in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Llano County Texas in 1980 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1981.
 Ardooie Castle is a castle in Ardooie Belgium.
 Waverly also known as Waverley is a historic home located near Middleburg Fauquier County Virginia. The original section was built about 1790 and later enlarged about 1830 and enlarged and remodeled in the 1850s. It is a single-pile center-halltwo-story dwelling a typical example of an I-house. It has a long two-story rear ell and has Gothic Revival style decorative detailing.
 The Confederation Centre of the Arts (French: Le Centre des arts de la Confédération) is a cultural centre dedicated to the visual and performing arts located in the city of Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada.
 The Atlanta First United Methodist Church has existed for more than 160 years and is one of the oldest churches in Atlanta. The current building was constructed in 1903 and the current name was adopted in 1968. The same bell has been used in three buildings since 1850 and it is the only church bell in Atlanta that is known to have survived the American Civil War. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Forest Hill Cottage is a historic cottage at 22 Windsor Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 1 1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1860 and is one of the city's best examples of Carpenter Gothic design. Its asymmetrical massing has varied steeply pitched gables with narrow arched windows and board-and-batten siding. The semi-octagonal porch is a later 19th century addition.The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Ficke Block is an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The structure is immediately adjacent to the Henry Berg Building which is also listed on the NRHP.
 King of Peace Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 6230 Laurel Island Parkway Kingsland Georgia. It is a parish of the Diocese of Georgia created in 2000. The church first met in a house on its present site and built a church building in 2004 giving away the house to be a home once more.
 The Jones-Bowman House was built in 1842 in Columbiana Ohio. The house was built by J. Jones who was the son of an abolitionist. It is believed that the house was part of the Underground Railroad.The house has remained preserved as it was built. It is a two-story home in an L shape. A spiral staircase and four wood-burning fireplaces have not been altered since the house was built.The house was purchased by E. Bowman in 1885.
 Church Farm is a historic farm at 396 Mansfield Road in Ashford Connecticut. The Colonial Revival/Federal style farm was constructed in 1821 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Camp Pine Knot also known as Huntington Memorial Camp on Raquette Lake in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State was built by William West Durant. Begun in 1877 it was the first of the Adirondack Great Camps and epitomizes the Great Camp architectural style. Elements of that style include log and native stonework construction decorative rustic items of branches and twigs and layout as a compound of separated structures.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Little Leigh is in the village of Little Leigh Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. It is one of three parish churches in the parish of Aston-by-Sutton Little Leigh and Lower Whitley. The others being St Peter Aston and St Luke Lower Whitley.
 The Valley City Post Office in Valley City North Dakota was designed in 1915 and built during 1916-17. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as U.S. Post Office-Valley City.Its Classical Revival design is credited to the U.S. Office of Supervising Architect James A. Wetmore Acting Supervising Architect although it was designed in the spirit of James Knox Taylor.
 The American Club is a luxury spa and resort located in Kohler Wisconsin. It is owned and operated by the Kohler Company. It has received various awards including the Top 100 Golf Resorts by Conde Nast Traveler magazine and is the Midwest's only AAA Five Diamond Resort Hotel. It now is part of Destination Kohler.
 The Knickerbocker Theatre was a Washington D.C. movie theater located at 18th Street and Columbia Road in the Adams Morgan neighborhood. It collapsed on January 28 1922 under the weight of snow from a two-day blizzard that was later dubbed the Knickerbocker Storm. The theater was showing Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford at the time of the collapse which killed 98 patrons and injured 133 more. The disaster ranks as one of the worst in Washington. D.C. history.
 HM Prison Pentridge was an Australian prison built in 1850 in Coburg Victoria. The first prisoners arrived in 1851. The prison officially closed on 1 May 1997.Pentridge was often known by the nickname The Bluestone College Coburg College or the College of Knowledge. The grounds were originally landscaped by renowned landscape gardener Hugh Linaker. Since decommissioning the prison has been partly demolished to make way for a housing development.
 St Baglan's Church Llanfaglan is a redundant church in the parish of Llanfaglan Gwynedd Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. It stands in an isolated position in a field some 150 metres (164 yd) from a minor road.
 The H. Alexander Walker Residence or Walker Estate is a historic home located in the upper Nuʻuanu Valley of Honolulu Hawaii.
 Emmanuel United Reformed Church in Cambridge England is located close to the centre of town on Trumpington Street. A congregational church it voted to join the new United Reformed Church in 1972.
 The Mushroom House or Pod House is a contemporary residence in the town of Perinton New York which has been featured in television programs (notably HGTV's Offbeat America series) and books (notably the Weird U.S. series) due to its whimsical appearance. Patterned after umbels of Queen's Anne's Lace its brown color is more suggestive of mushrooms.
 Pilgrim Congregational Church was the former name of the church (now City Presbyterian Church) located at 1433 Classen Drive in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. Built in 1920 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Carnegie Library in Boulder Colorado is a building from 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The building is now known as the Carnegie Branch Library for Local History and is a branch of the Boulder Public Library.
 David Van Buren House is a historic home located near Fulton in Oswego County New York. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay main block with a large 1-story rear wing in the Greek Revival style. The brick structure was constructed in 1847.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Her Majesty's Prison Bure more commonly known as HM Prison Bure and often abbreviated to HMP Bure is a Category C men's prison located in the parish of Scottow in Norfolk England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and became operational in November 2009.
 Frankfort Town Hall is a historic town hall in Frankfort Herkimer County New York. It is a T shaped structure with a two story gable roofed main block three bays wide flanked by identical one story wings. It is built of hollow tile faced with red brick and cast stone trim. It features a monumental portico consisting of smooth Doric order columns supported a molded wood frieze and triangular pediment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Royalston Common Historic District is a historic district on Main Street Frye Hill Road and Athol Road in Royalston Massachusetts.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.Royalston Common was named as one of the 1000 places to visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.
 John Powell House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1796 and is a two-story five bay stuccoed stone vernacular Federal style dwelling. It has a gable roof and a full width front porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Orta Juma Jami (Ukrainian: Мечеть Орта Джума Джамі Crimean Tatar: Orta Cuma Cami Russian: Мечеть Орта Джума Джами) isone of the oldest mosques in Crimea. It is situated on the modern day Lenina street in the old town of Bakhchisaray.It used to be the main Friday prayer mosque in the capital of Crimean Khanate. The earliest known mention of it was in 1674 as a Ma'ale mosque (main mosque of the corresponding district).
 St Mary Abchurch is a Church of England church off Cannon Street in the City of London. Dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary it is first mentioned in 1198-9. The medieval church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and replaced by the present building.
 Eastern Star Baptist Church is a historic church at Church and Wagner Streets in Tarboro North Carolina.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Union Railway Car Barn is an historic building at 613-621 Cambridge Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The large brick building was built in 1869 to house the horse-drawn streetcars of the Union Railway Company. It is the only surviving car barn of three built by the company in Cambridge.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Bremerton Elks Temple Lodge No. 1181 Building in Bremerton Washington was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It is now known as Catholic Charities' Max Hale Center.
 Richmond Mall is a small shopping mall located in Richmond New Zealand. Opened in 1973 it exists as the largest shopping mall in the Nelson area second to the smaller Stoke Mall.
 The Pudu Prison was a prison in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Built in phases by the British colonial government between 1891 and 1895 it stood on Jalan Shaw (now Jalan Hang Tuah). The construction began with its 394-metre prison wall at a cost of Straits $16000 and had been adorned with the world's longest mural at one point in its history. The cells were small and dark each equipped with a window only the size of a shoebox.
 Strickland-Roberts Homestead also known as Bryncoed Farm is a historic home located in West Vincent Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section dates to about 1800 and is a two-story five bay by one bay fieldstone structure. It has a gable roof small shed roof porch and terrace. A 2 1/2-story four bay random fieldstone addition was designed by R. Brognard Okie and built in 1929. Also on the property is a contributing bank barn dated to 1873.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is located on Main Street in Hoosick Falls New York United States. It is a mid-19th century brick building. The congregation itself was founded in the 1830s.Architect Henry Dudley designed it according to the Ecclesiological principles of Episcopal church design after English country parish churches which they held to be the ideal for churches of that denomination. Uncharacteristically he used brick rather than stone.
 Brumbaugh Homestead also known as the Timothy Meadows Farm is a historic home located at Penn Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in three sections. The oldest section was built in 1804 and is a two-story stone building in an early Federal style. A brick addition and vertical plank addition were added to the stone section sometime before the 1860s.
 The Westminster Presbyterian Church on 5th St. NE. in Devils Lake North Dakota was built in 1915. It was designed by local architect Joseph A. Shannon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Queen Anne's County Courthouse is the oldest courthouse still in use in the state of Maryland. The building houses the judge for the Queen Anne's County Circuit Court the judge's chambers a courtroom a jurors' assembly room clerks offices and a small detention lock-up.
 Mayfield Salisbury Church is a member of the Church of Scotland part of the worldwide family of the Christian Church. It is situated approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of Edinburgh city centre at the junction of Mayfield Road and West Mayfield. The building was designed by the renowned Scottish architect Hippolyte Blanc and the main building work took place between 1875 and 1879. It is particularly renowned for the range and quality of its stained glass.
 Saint Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod (LCMS) located at the intersection of Barr and Madison Streets in Fort Wayne Indiana. It belongs to the Indiana District of the LCMS and has a long history. The congregation has existed since 1837. It is the second oldest Lutheran church in Indiana.
 The Crystal Palace was a cast-iron and plate-glass building originally erected in Hyde Park London England to house the Great Exhibition of 1851. More than 14000 exhibitors from around the world gathered in the Palace's 990000 square feet (92000 m2) of exhibition space to display examples of the latest technology developed in the Industrial Revolution. Designed by Sir Joseph Paxton the Great Exhibition building was 1851 feet (564 m) long with an interior height of 128 feet (39 m).
 The New Mill and Depot Building of the former Hawthorne Woolen Mill are located in Greenwich Connecticut United States. The two structures were built on an existing textile mill complex in the 1870s.The mill and its depot in the Gothic Revival and Queen Anne architectural styles respectively were unusually decorative for functional buildings of that era. Today they are a commercial and retail complex for the Glenville neighborhood of Greenwich.
 The Sheykh ol-Eslam's house is a historical house in Isfahan Iran. It's one of the most beautiful historical houses in Isfahan which belongs to the Qajar era. It has a big yard. The structure of the house is on the northern and southern sides of the yard. The reason for this unusual plan which is completely different from other historical houses in Isfahan is that the yard had been built originally as a Tekyeh for religious ceremonies.
 The Isaac Lightner House at 2407 Mount Royal Boulevard in Shaler Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania was built in 1833. This Greek Revival house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 1978 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1976.
 All Saints' Church Daresbury is in the village of Daresbury Cheshire England. It is known for its association with Lewis Carroll who is commemorated in its stained glass windows depicting characters from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
 The Alex Theatre is a landmark located at 216 North Brand Boulevard in Glendale California of the United States of America. It is currently owned by the City of Glendale and operated by Glendale Arts.
 William Baker House is a historic home located near Gaston Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story Classical Revival style frame structure on a high basement. This house features a v-crimp metal roof and full-length hipped-roof verandah surmounted by a center balcony with pediment. It has two interior chimneys that protrude from the medium pitched gable roof.
 The Schuyler County Courthouse Complex is a historic courthouse complex located on North Frankln Street between 9th and 10th Streets in Watkins Glen in Schuyler County New York. It consists of a three building government complex. The courthouse built in 1855 is a two-story rectangular brick building on a stone foundation. It features an inseted square tower with an ogee roof and weather vane. It also has a small pedimented porch supported by Doric order columns.
 St John's Church Waberthwaite is in the civil parish of Waberthwaite Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Paul Irton St Michael Muncaster and St Catherine Boot. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Cathedral of Saint Philip also known as St. Philip's Cathedral or St. Philip's is an Episcopal cathedral in the U.S. State of Georgia in the City of Atlanta. Located on Peachtree Road in Buckhead (Atlanta) at what is popularly called Jesus Junction. St. Philip's has become one of the largest Episcopal congregations in the United States with a membership of approximately 7000. St. Philip's is named in honor of St. Philip the Evangelist a deacon in the early Christian Church.
 The Independent Order of Odd Fellows Hall in Salt Lake City Utah also known as the I.O.O.F. Hall was built in 1891. It was designed by George F. Costersian in Richardsonian Romanesque style.The building served historically as a meeting hall presumably for the Odd Fellows and others. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Western Eye Hospital (WEH) is an ophthalmology hospital in west London. The hospital operates an emergency department 24-hours a day for ambulance and walk-in cases. It features a minor surgical theatre a triage system inpatient beds and two ophthalmic operating theatres. It treats a wide range of eye conditions from glaucoma to wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD) a major cause of blindness.
 The Compton Building is a historic building at 159 161-175 Devonshire Street and 18-20 Arch Street in Boston Massachusetts.It was built in 1902 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Yantic Woolen Company Mill is located in Norwich Connecticut. The building was built in 1865 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 25 1996.
 The Thomas Jansen House also known as Dwaarkill Manor a historic home located on Jansen Road in the western section of the Town of Shawangunk in Ulster County New York USA. It is a Dutch stone house built first in 1727 by Jansen an early settler of the area. In 1780 his family built the current house; the original survives as a rear wing a common practice in the area.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Congregation Rodeph Shalom of Philadelphia founded in 1795 is the oldest Ashkenazic synagogue in the Western Hemisphere. It is noted historically for its leadership of the Reform movement among American Hebrew congregations for its spiritual influence upon international Jewry and for its unique 1927 Moorish Revival building on North Broad Street on the National Register of Historic Places for many decades.
 The Bayard School in the Upper Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1874 and is one of Pittsburgh's oldest surviving school buildings. The school was closed in 1938 and sold in 1941. It was later used as a warehouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Aftermath Clubhouse is a two story wood-frame Italian Villa building which was originally constructed in 1904. It is estimated to be the first women's clubhouse in the state of Washington.
 The Amanda Conk Best House at 3622 South 1100 East in Millcreek Utah was built in 1896.
 The New Era Building also known as the Dobson Town Clock Building is a commercial building located in Maquoketa Iowa. The Late Victorian structure was designed by John Lake and built in 1890. The building was owned by Dr. A.B. Dobson a clairvoyant physician who treated patients by mail. Patients were asked to send one dollar and a lock of hair which would enable him to cure their ills.
 CN Tower is an International Style office tower in Edmonton Alberta Canada. It stands at 111 metres (364 ft) or 26 storeys tall and was built and formerly owned by the Canadian National Railway Company. At the time of its construction it was the first skyscraper in Edmonton and the tallest building in Western Canada. Its reign as Edmonton's tallest building lasted from 1966 to 1971.
 Cornerstone Fellowship is a non-denominational Christian megachurch in with headquarters in Livermore California. The Lead Pastor is Steve Madsen. Cornerstone Fellowship was founded in 1992 and it currently has three campuses one in Livermore one in Brentwood one in Walnut Creek California. Every week over 5000 people come to its six weekend services.
 The Joseph Smith Building also known as the JSB is a building that houses classrooms and administrative offices at Brigham Young University in Provo Utah. The building is named after Joseph Smith Jr. founder of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It is the home to BYU's College of Religious Education containing most of the offices of religion faculty as well as a large number of classrooms where religion classes are held.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Waycross Georgia was built in 1911. It reflects Renaissance architecture and Romano-Tuscan architecture. It served historically as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Georgia and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 48th Police Precinct Station is a historic police station located at The Bronx in New York New York. It was completed in 1901 and is a freestanding three story rectangular block seven bays wide. The facades are composed of yellow brick with stone trim in the Italian Renaissance Revival style.It ceased use as a police station in the 1970s. As of June 2010 it was occupied by Sharon Baptist Headstart.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Heyburn Building is a 17-floor 250-foot (76-m) building in downtown Louisville Kentucky United States. In the early 20th century it was an integral part of the magic corner of Fourth Street and Broadway which rivaled Main Street as Louisville's business district.
 Springfield United Methodist Church (formerly Springfield Methodist) was established in 1954[2] in the Washington DC suburb of Springfield Virginia. Springfield United Methodist Church is a member of the Alexandria District in the Virginia Conference of the United Methodist Church/The first service of the church that would become Springfield Methodist was held in January 1954 at Garfield School.
 Kivett Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Campbell University in Buies Creek North Carolina. The building has long served as the icon of the University and is noted for its bell tower that chimes every quarter hour.
 Chelsea & Westminster Hospital is a hospital located in Chelsea London that was founded in May 1993. It is operated by the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital NHS Foundation Trust which was created on 1 October 2006.
 Central Christian Church is a historic church at 207 E. Short Street in Lexington Kentucky and an active congregation of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).The church building opened in 1894 and was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Whipple-Jenckes House (Liberty Jenckes House) is an historic American Colonial house at the corner of Diamond Hill Road and Fairhaven Road in Cumberland Rhode Island. The house was built around the year 1750 enlarged slightly in 1780 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.The house is a very simple one-and-one-half-story center-chimney cottage set behind stone walls on a large lot at the corner of Diamond Hill Road and Fairhaven Road.
 St Uny's Church Lelant is the Church of England parish church of Lelant Cornwall England UK. It is dedicated to Saint Uny (or Euny) who is also the patron saint of Redruth.The church is medieval and entirely built of granite. Parts of the nave arcades are Norman but all of the windows are Perpendicular in style. The earliest reference to the church is in 1170 when Thomas Becket Archbishop of Canterbury referred to The Church of Saint Euni.
 Edgar and Rachel Ross House is a historic home located at Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built between 1894 and 1897 and is a 2 1/2-story brick and frame dwelling in the American Foursquare style. It has a hipped roof with dormers one-story wraparound porch with Colonial Revival-style columns and two-story frame ell with a gable roof added between 1897 and 1904.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame located in Kansas City Missouri is a hall of fame and museum dedicated to men's college basketball. The museum is an integral portion of the College Basketball Experience created by the National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) located at the Sprint Center.
 The Hughes Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Amwell Township Washington County Pennsylvania. Currently it is used only for foot traffic. The queen post truss bridge is 12'4 wide and 55'6 long.
 Grand Valley Institution for Women is in a women's federal prison in Kitchener Ontario served by the Government of Canada. In Canada women sentenced to prison terms of greater than two years serve their time in a federal institution operated by the Correctional Service of Canada. In Ontario there is one penitentiary which can house approximately 130 women as of April 2010 though the population has since risen.Prison for Women the only penitentiary style prison for women has since closed.
 The Science Museum of Minnesota is an American museum focused on topics in technology natural history physical science and mathematics education. Founded in 1907 and located in Saint Paul Minnesota the 501(c)(3) nonprofit institution is staffed by over 500 employees and over 1600 volunteers. The museum's mission statement is to turn on the science: realizing the potential of policy makers educators and individuals to achieve full civic and economic participation in the world.
 Rapides Bank and Trust Company Building is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 15 1980.
 The Black Prince is a hotel former public house and road junction in the London Borough of Bexley on the A2 between Bexley and Bexleyheath. The building today is a Holiday Inn. On contemporary traffic reports the junction is known as the Black Prince Interchange.The pub was constructed in a mock-Edwardian style and is named after Edward the Black Prince that allegedly haunts the nearby Hall Place who stayed at the hall en route to wars with France.
 St Benet Sherehog additionally dedicated to St Osyth was a medieval church built before the year 1111 on a site now occupied by No 1 Poultry in Cordwainer Ward in what was then the wool-dealing district of the City of London. A shere hog is a castrated ram after its first shearing.
 The Mountain Quarries Bridge near Auburn California United States spans the North fork of the American River. It is a concrete arch bridge that was built in 1912.
 Berkley Square was designed in 1949 by Paul Revere Williams and is named after Thomas L. Berkley an African American attorney from Oakland California. The historic district contained 148 homes. It was built in the African American West Las Vegas area of Las Vegas Nevada. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Beauport also known as Sleeper-McCann House Little Beauport or Henry Davis Sleeper House is a historic house in Gloucester Massachusetts. It was built starting in 1907 as the summer home of interior decorator and antique collector Henry Davis Sleeper. Situated on the rocks overlooking Gloucester Harbor the structure was repeatedly enlarged and modified by Sleeper and filled with a large collection of fine art folk art architectural artifacts and other collectible materials.
 Shoana Church (Russian: Шоанинский храм) also known as Khumara Church (Russian: Хумаринский храм) is an early 10th-century Alanian church sited on a cliff above the left bank of the Kuban River 7 km upstream from Karachayevsk Russia and 4 km downstream from the ruins of Skhimar in the vicinity of Kosta Khetagurov Village. It is a typical Byzantine-style church 12.9 meters high with three naves separated by four pillars.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Crewe Green is in the village of Crewe Green Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Matthew Haslington.
 Bridge No. 5151-Marshall carries Minnesota State Highway 19 over the Redwood River in Marshall Minnesota United States. It was built 1931 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Lourdes Orthopaedic Hospital (also known as Kilcreene Hospital) is a public hospital located in Kilkenny County Kilkenny Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides in-patient and out-patient orthopaedic services for the population of County Kilkenny and the South East. In 2008 the hospital served 4887 out-patients and 1014 in-patients with an average stay of 7.9 nights. In 2008 99.4% of all admissions were elective.
 HM Prison Liverpool (formerly Walton Gaol) is a categoryB/C local men's prison located in the Walton area of Liverpool in England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Anisa Wissa Palace is a historical residential building in Fayoum Egypt.
 Longworth Roman Catholic Chapel is a redundant chapel in the village of Bartestree Herefordshire England standing adjacent to the former Convent of Our Lady of Charity and Refuge. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is owned by the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Moccas Monastery was a monastery near Moccas in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO35654327.
 The Little Theatre in Rochester New York commonly known as The Little is a movie theatre located on historic East Avenue in downtown Rochester New York and a modest non-profit multiplex specializing in art film including independent and foreign productions outside the United States.Founded in 1928 The Little is one of the oldest active movie theaters built specifically to show films in the US serving as an alternative venue for cinema of higher artistic caliber than what was popular at the time. 
 Jackson County Courthouse is an Art Deco building in Medford Oregon United States that was built in 1932 six years after county residents voted to move the county seat from Jacksonville to Medford.The former Jackson County Courthouse built in Jacksonville Oregon in 1883 once served as the Jacksonville Museum. It is a contributing property of the Jacksonville Historic District.
 The Senator John Heinz History Center an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution is the largest history museum in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Named after the late U.S. Senator H. John Heinz III (1938–1991) it is located in the Strip District of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.
 The Crescent Hill Branch Library constructed in 1908 in Louisville Kentucky was one of the first of nine Carnegie-endowed libraries built in Louisville and is a branch of the Louisville Free Public Library. The building has a Beaux-Arts architecture style created by the Thomas & Bohne architect firm. The west side of the library was added in 1961 and the entire library was renovated in 1988.
 Cittaviveka popularly known as Chithurst Buddhist Monastery is a Theravada Buddhist Monastery in the Thai Forest Tradition. It is situated in West Sussex England in the hamlet of Chithurst between Midhurst and Petersfield. It was established in 1979 in accordance with the aims of the English Sangha Trust a charity founded in 1956 to support the ordination and training of Buddhist monks (bhikkhus) in the West.
 The Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art (abbreviated as Virginia MOCA) is a contemporary art museum in Virginia Beach Virginia. The museum is located near the Oceanfront tourist resort at 2200 Parks Avenue. The museum sits on a landscaped campus adjacent to the eastern terminus of Interstate 264 near the Virginia Beach Convention Center and the Virginia Beach Tourist Information Center.
 The Thomas Edison Center at Menlo Park also known as the Menlo Park Museum / Edison Memorial Tower is a memorial to inventor and businessman Thomas Alva Edison located in the Menlo Park area of Edison Middlesex County New Jersey United States. The tower was dedicated on February 11 1938 on what would have been the inventor's 91st birthday.The tower marks the location of Edison's Menlo Park laboratory the world's first organized research and development site.
 First Parish Church is an historic church at 425 Congress Street in Portland Maine.It was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Stony Brook University Hospital previously known as Stony Brook University Medical Center is the university hospital of Stony Brook University located in the East Campus in Stony Brook NY. It is the largest academic medical center on Long Island with 603 beds for patient care. The hospital houses the Stony Brook University School of Medicine.
 Doreen Tower is a building complex centered in the Gulshan of Dhaka. The 25-story building Trade Tower is Topped-out with a height of 92 meters (302 feet) and will be one of the tallest buildings in Bangladesh. Equipped with all modern facilities the tower will help to attain the country’s overall business activities including imports-exports at the level of international standard.
 Westfield Wheaton (originally Wheaton Plaza) is a two-level enclosed shopping mall in Wheaton Maryland. It is owned by The Westfield Group.
 Morris High School Historic District is a national historic district centered on a high school located at South Bronx The Bronx New York New York. The district includes 51 contributing buildings. It includes the Morris High School two streets of brick rowhouses and Trinity Episcopal Church of Morrisania. The high school and rowhouses were built between 1897 and 1904.
 The Gilbert-Sinton Historic District is an area in the southern portion of the Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. A triangle measuring slightly more than 13 acres (5.3 ha) in area the district's edges are generally Morris Street and Sinton Avenue (both small residential streets) and the substantially larger Gilbert Avenue which is concurrently designated as U.S.
 The Tulsa Fire Alarm Building is a historic Art Deco building at 1010 East Eighth Street in Tulsa Oklahoma. It was built in 1931 and served as the central reporting station for the Tulsa Fire Department. Fires were reported from alarm boxes spread around town to this building and the firemen in this building would alert the fire station closest to the fire. At the time of its construction this system was the best available alarm system.The building was designed by architect Frederick V.
 The Bernard H. Moormann House is a historic residence in eastern Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1860 in the Italianate style it is one of the most significant buildings in the neighborhood of East Walnut Hills.By 1860 Bernard Moormann had established himself as one of Cincinnati's leading dry goods merchants. Choosing to build a new house in East Walnut Hills he selected a two-and-a-half-story design built of brick.
 The Bridge between Monroe and Penn Townships also known as the Penns Creek Bridge Camelback Bridge or Camelback was a historic bridge located at Monroe Township and Penn Township near Selinsgrove in Snyder County Pennsylvania. It was a 194-foot-long (59 m) barrel arch bridge built in 1919. It spanned Penns Creek. It was removed in 1994.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Château Pastré formerly called the Chateau de Montredon is a nineteenth-century building in the suburb of Montredon to the south of Marseille France.Originally the property of a wealthy merchant family as of 2012 it housed the Faïence pottery museum the Musée de la Faïence de Marseille.The grounds of the chateau are a public park.
 The Historic Rossetter House Museum is located at 1320 Highland Avenue Melbourne Florida in the historic section of Eau Gallie. The museum consists of the James Wadsworth Rossetter House and Gardens (1908) the William P. Roesch House (1901) and the Houston Family Memorial Cemetery (1865). The museum is owned by The Rossetter House Foundation Inc. and managed by the Florida Historical Society. The museum includes antiques and exhibits that explore local history.
 Hayden Bridge a Howe truss structure spans the Alsea River about 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Alsea Oregon United States. Constructed in 1918 the 91-foot (28 m) span is one of only seven remaining covered bridges in Oregon that were built before 1920. Similar spans such as the Mill Creek Bridge crossed the Alsea or one of its tributaries in the same vicinity but only the Hayden Bridge has survived.
 The Park is a new 17.5-acre residential project being developed by Lodha Group in the Worli neighborhood of Mumbai India.The land for the project has been purchased from DLF Limited in 2012 for Rs. 2800 Crore approximately.
 Union Church of Vinalhaven is a historic church on E. Main Street in Vinalhaven Maine.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Frankfort Cemetery is located on East Main Street in Frankfort Kentucky. The cemetery is the burial site of Daniel Boone and contains the graves of other famous Americans including seventeen Kentucky governors.
 The National Museum of American Illustration (NMAI) founded in 1998 is the first national museum to be devoted exclusively to American illustration artwork.The NMAI is located on Newport Rhode Island's historic Bellevue Avenue in the mansion Vernon Court designed by the noted Gilded Age architecture firm Carrère and Hastings. The museum's collection contains over 2000 original works by noted American illustrators such as Norman Rockwell Maxfield Parrish J. C. Leyendecker N.C.
 The Church of St Paul the Apostle Wightman Road Harringay London N4 serves a traditional Anglo-Catholic (Church of England) parish in north London. In ecclesiastical terms the parish is part of the Edmonton Episcopal Area of the Diocese of London.
 Freedom Tower (also called the St. Regis Hotel Tower) is a skyscraper located in front of the Diana Fountain roundabout at Paseo de la Reforma 439 Colonia Cuauhtémoc Delegación Cuauhtémoc in Mexico City. Its construction began in November 2004 and completed in January 2008. The tower started operating in June of that same year.
 St. Peter Church is a historic church at 720 Cleveland Ave. NW in Canton Ohio.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register in 1990.
 The David Carpenter House is a former residence currently operating as a restaurant called the Hathaway House. It is located at 424 West Adrian Street (U.S. Route 223) in the village of Blissfield in Blissfield Township Michigan.
 Mitchell-Shook House is a historic home located at Greencastle in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built between about 1800 and 1810 and is a two-story L-shaped limestone building. The house is a in a vernacular Federal style. It is five bay wide and has a two-story flat roofed front porch dated to the 1940s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary (Spanish: Iglesia del Inmaculado Corazón de María) popularly known as San Pancracio (Spanish for Saint Pancras) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Villa Muñoz Montevideo Uruguay.Held by the Claretians it is dedicated to the Immaculate Heart of Mary and also to Saint Pancras patron saint of work and health.
 Konopiště (Czech pronunciation: [ˈkonopɪʃcɛ]; German: Konopischt) is a four-winged three storey château located in the Czech Republic about 50 km (30 mi) southeast of Prague outside the city of Benešov. It has become famous as the last residence of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria heir of the Austro-Hungarian throne whose assassination in Sarajevo triggered World War I. The bullet that killed him fired by Gavrilo Princip is now an exhibit at the castle's museum.
 Millard House also known as La Miniatura is a textile block house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1923 in Pasadena California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Washington Hose and Steam Fire Engine Company No. 1 is located in Conshohocken Pennsylvania. The building was built in 1877 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1975.
 The Ketagalan Culture Center (KCC; Chinese: 凱達格蘭文化館; pinyin: Kǎidágélán Wénhuàguǎn) is a cultural center in Beitou District Taipei Taiwan. The cultural center is dedicated to introduce the various Pingpu tribes cultures including the Ketagalan tribes cultures.
 The William and Catherine Davern Farm House is an Italianate farmhouse built in 1862 in Saint Paul Minnesota United States; it is one of a small number of surviving farmhouses in Saint Paul. William Davern was a member of the first territorial legislature. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Poughkeepsie Trust Company building is located on Main Street in that city in the U.S. state of New York. It is immediately to the east of and joined to the Dutchess County Court House.Local architect Percival Lloyd designed the building the bank's second on that site as the Hudson Valley's first modern skyscraper at six stories in height. It cost $100000 to build and included an ornately-carved stone facade. Brick steel and stone were used in the interior framing.
 The Huddersfield Royal Infirmary is a hospital situated in the English town of Huddersfield part of Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust. It is situated in the suburb of Lindley and provides general services emergency services and some specialist services.The Huddersfield Royal Infirmary originally had its own School of Nursing.
 Kennett Square Historic District is a national historic district located in Kennett Square Chester County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 507 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Kennett Square. They are mostly residential and commercial structures built between 1875 and 1924 and in a variety of popular architectural styles including Colonial Revival Victorian and Federal.
 Attaqwa Mosque (Sometimes spells Attakkawa Mosque) or San Pa Koi Mosque (Chinese: 訕巴契清真寺; pinyin: shànbāqìqīngzhēnsì Thai: มัสยิดอัต-ตักวา) located on the east side of the Ping River in Chiang Mai is one of the seven Chinese mosques in Chiang Mai province.It was first built in 1967 and finished in 1969 by a group of both Chinese and non-Chinese Muslims.
 Hagerstown Charity School also known as Hagerstown Day Nursery is a historic school building located at the northeast corner of the intersection of East Washington and North Locust Streets in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two story three bay painted brick structure dating from about 1840.
 The Frank W. Thomas House is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The building was designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1901 and cast in the Wright-developed Prairie School of Architecture. By Wright's own definition this was the first of the Prairie houses - the rooms are elevated and there is no basement. On September 14 1972 the Frank Thomas House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Highrock Church (the meeting house was formerly known as the Saint Athanasius Greek Orthodox Church) is a historic church meeting house at 735 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts that is currently home to an Evangelical Covenant Church congregation.
 Derby QUAD also referred to as QUAD Derby or simply QUAD is an arts centre in Derby United Kingdom first opened on 26 September 2008. It has a steel and glass design by Bath architects Feilden Clegg Bradley. When it was chosen over competing designs by Derby council cabinet in 2004 it was considered controversial. QUAD provides an art gallery two cinemas artists’ studios and a cafe bar. The centre also has available spaces for people to create their own artwork.
 The Flint Farm is a historic farmhouse at 85 Osgood Street in Andover Massachusetts. It was built in 1810 for farmer John Flint and remained in the family until it was sold by his grandchildren in 1894. It is a two story wood frame with a hip roof and two side chimneys. It is a comparatively ambitious and sophisticated Federal style house for a rural area.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Edmundsbury Cathedral is the cathedral for the Church of England's Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich. It is the seat of the Bishop of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich and is in Bury St Edmunds.
 Bankstown Lidcombe Hospital is a principal referral group A1B hospital with tertiary affiliations to the University of NSW University of Sydney and University of Western Sydney providing a wide range of general medical and surgical services and sub-specialty services to a local Bankstown/Canterbury community. It is part of South Western Sydney Local Health District.
 Neuburg Congregational Church near Mott North Dakota was built in 1925. It has Gothic Revival architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. The listing includes a contributing building a contributing site and a contributing structure. It includes a cemetery within its 6.4 acres (2.6 ha).In 1925 early in the Great Depression it was voted by a group of German-Russian immigrants to build a new church.
 The Saskatoon Farmers' Market is a public Farmers' market housed in a former electrical warehouse and garage in the Riversdale district of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building was renovated and an outdoor market plaza created as part of the River Landing redevelopment. The market and Ideas Inc. (a business incubator) moved into its current building in May 2007. The building was originally associated with the Saskatoon Light & Power A. H.
 The former Lewis Tompkins Hose Company No. 1 Firehouse sometimes known as 5/33 was the first built in what later became the city of Beacon New York. Designed by Schuyler Tillman and Benjamin Hall in a Second Empire style it was completed in 1893. It is located at 140 Main Street a block away from NY 9D and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 6 2004.
 Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. It was organized to serve Mobile's African American community during the Jim Crow era. Its clergy and congregation subsequently took an active role in the Civil Rights Movement.
 The Juan S. Alano Memorial Hospital Inc. a non-stock non profit organization duly registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission is an accredited healthcare institution by the Department of Health and the Philippine Health Insurance Corporation. This institution caters to the healthcare service needs of the locality spanning the five (5) municipalities of the province namely: Lamitan Maluso Lantawan Sumisip and Tipo-Tipo as well as the City of Isabela where it is located.
 The Fuller House is a historic house on Parker Road in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story three-bay Cape style house was built c. 1800. Its entry is flanked by pilasters and topped by a transom window typical Federal style features. The property includes a barn of approximately the same age.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Kirksville Christian Church is a historic Disciples of Christ church building at the intersection of KY 1295 and KY 595 in Kirksville Kentucky. It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Mural Art Museum is the only museum dedicated to mural arts in Kerala. It is situated in Kollengode Palace in Thrissur India. It was started as a part of Sree Mulam Chithrasala (Picture Gallery) in 1938.
 Moriah Town Office Building is a historic town hall building located at Port Henry in Essex County New York built in 1875. It is a massive 3-story rectangular five-by-three-bay brick building capped by a concave mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It features three tall brick chimneys with molded caps symmetrically placed gable dormers and a square roof-top cupola. Also on the property are a carriage house and modest clapboard-sided building used as a court house.
 International Plaza (Chinese: 凯联大厦; pinyin: Kǎilián dàshà) is a high-rise commercial and residential building on Anson Road in Tanjong Pagar within the Downtown Core of Singapore.
 Coney Island Colorado (commonly The Coney Island) in Bailey Colorado is a 1950s diner shaped like a giant hot dog with toppings. The building has been called the best example of roadside architecture in the state.The diner has indoor seating courtyard seating and riverside picnic table seating.The bun is 35 feet (11 m) long and the hot dog 42 feet (13 m); the entire building weighs 18 tons.It was originally built in 1966 on Colfax Ave. in Denver named The Boardwalk at Coney Island.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Waseca (FCI Waseca) is a low-security United States federal prison for female offenders in Minnesota. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The site located 75 miles from Minneapolis was converted into a prison in 1992 after formerly serving as a University of Minnesota campus.
 Dallas City Hall is the seat of Dallas municipal government located at 1500 Marilla in the Government District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA). The current building the city's fifth city hall was completed in 1978 and replaced the Dallas Municipal Building.
 The Moody Church (often mistakenly referred to as Moody Memorial Church due to a large sign that used to be over the main entrance which designated the name of the sanctuary) is a historic Protestant (Christian) church in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.
 Cincinnatus Historic District is a historic district in Cincinnatus New York that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It consists of 14 properties with 27 contributing structures dating from c.1830 to 1930: a former church a library and 12 residences plus related outbuildings.The properties included are:former Congregational Church (Heritage Hall)2781 Taylor Ave.former Congregational Church Manse (Rogers/Seeley residence)5691 Main St.Kellogg Free LibraryMain St.
 Blackfriars Beverley was a monastery in the East Riding of Yorkshire England.
 Kagerise Store and House also known as the Harting's Store is a historic commercial building and residence located at Adamstown in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1827 with later additions between 1850 and 1870. It is a 2 1/2-story six bay U-shaped sandstone building. The elaborate bracketed porch was added about 1890. The building has elements of Federal and Eastlake Movement-style details. Also on the property is a contributing barn (c.
 Fujairah City Centre is a shopping mall located in Fujairah United Arab Emirates developed by Majid Al Futtaim Properties in partnership with the government-owned Fujairah Investment Establishment. Fujairah City Centre opened in April 2012 and has 34000 sqm of retail space and includes 105 mid-market brands 85% of which are new to Fujairah.The mall houses the largest Carrefour hypermarket in the emirate at 8684 sqm 24 international food & beverage outlets and a 13-unit food court.
 Hospital Carlos Van Buren is a hospital in Valparaíso Chile.
 Alamo Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 1150 S. Alamo Street in San Antonio Texas.It was built in 1912 in a Mission/Spanish Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The D. Julius Gaspard House is located on the hill above downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Gate of All Nations or Gate of Xerxes palace is located in the ruins of the ancient city of Persepolis 70 km northeast of the modern city of Shiraz in the Fars Province of modern Iran. Xerxes who built this structure named it The Gate of All Countries.
 An ouzeria is a type of Greek tavern which serves ouzo (a Greek liquor) and mezedes small finger foods.
 William Woodward House is a historic house located at 117 Arlington Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1800 in a symmetrical five-bay plan with two-storys a low hipped roof and interior end chimneys. In 1866 the house was sold to the Old Colony and Newport Railroad for use as a depot until a new station was erected nearby on Dean Street in 1876.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Basilica of Sant' Apollinare Nuovo is a basilica church in Ravenna Italy. It was erected by Ostrogoth King Theodoric the Great as his palace chapel during the first quarter of the 6th century as attested to in the Liber Pontificalis). This Arian church was originally dedicated in 504 AD to Christ the Redeemer.It was reconsecrated in 561 AD under the rule of the Byzantine emperor Justinian I under the new name Sanctus Martinus in Coelo Aureo (Saint Martin in Golden Heaven).
 The Downing Building located in Bend Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Steele County Courthouse located at 111 East Main Street in Owatonna Steele County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a three-story Austin red-brick building with red mortar accented with Lake Superior brown stone. It was designed by T. D. Allen of Minneapolis in a Romanesque Revival and Italianate style featuring corner towers a turret and a large clock on four sides. Windows are arched and a statue representing Mercy Law and Justice sits above the north face of the building.
 Dønnesfjord Church (Norwegian: Dønnesfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Dønnesfjord. The church is part of the Loppa parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church seats about 120 people. The church has not been in regular use since 2003.
 Château du Prada is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to 1764.
 Iglesia de San Jorge (Manzaneda) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the late 12th century.
 The Gold Museum (Chinese: 新北市立黃金博物館; pinyin: Xīnběishìlì Huángjīn Bówùguǎn) located in Gold Ecological Park is a museum of gold in Ruifang District New Taipei City Taiwan.
 Protection of the Flag Monument is a historic war memorial located in Academy Park at Athens Bradford County Pennsylvania. It was designed and erected between 1900 and 1902 by noted architectural firm McKim Mead & White with a sculpture by George Thomas Brewster. It has a granite pedestal topped by a bronze sculpture group. The sculpture is of an adult soldier and a young drummer boy.
 McArthur-Martin Hexadecagon Barn is a historic barn located at Bloomville in Delaware County New York United States. It includes the 16-sided portion of the barn calf wing and driveway driveway ramp with stone embankment two round silos and a frame addition. The barn was built in 1883 and is a three story frame structure 100 feet in diameter.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Quarry Farm is located in Elmira New York. In 1869 Jervis Langdon purchased it as a vacation home for his family. When he died the following year it was inherited by his eldest daughter Susan Langdon Crane Mark Twain's sister-in-law.Twain and his family summered there for over twenty years.
 Stade Bergeyre is a former sports stadium in Paris France located in 19th district of the French capital. Built in August 1918 with financial support of Jacques Sigrand. Its capacity was approximately 15000 and the name comes from the name of a French rugby player who died in First World War.Bergeyre stadium was mainly used for soccer games and was home of the Olympique Paris team. Also rugby track and field and various other activities (e.g. circus) took place there.
 The Cincinnati Art Museum is one of the oldest art museums in the United States. Founded in 1881 it was the first purpose-built art museum west of the Alleghenies.
 The Colden Family Cemetery is a Registered Historic Place in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York. It is located off Maple Avenue south of NY 17K surrounded by a small stone wall.It was established in the 1780s by the descendants of area resident Cadwallader Colden one of the last colonial governors of New York. The ruins of the family home are at the junction of 17K and NY 747 approximately a mile (1.6 km) to the northeast.
 Nichols Arboretum (123 acres 49.7 hectares) is an arboretum operated by the University of Michigan. Located on the eastern edge of its Central Campus at 1610 Washington Heights in Ann Arbor Michigan the Arboretum is a mosaic of University and City properties operated as one unit. The arboretum is open daily from sunrise to sunset with no charge for admission. The Huron River separates a northern section of the arboretum's floodplain woods; the railroad marks the northern border.
 Château La Raz Caman is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 The Harding County Courthouse located on Pine St. in Mosquero New Mexico is a historic building built in 1921 or 1922. It includes Greek Revival architecture. The building with a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) area property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987.It is one of 14 New Mexico county courthouses that were reviewed for their historical significance in 1987.
 Farquhar Cattle Ranch was an Alabama Department of Corrections state prison for men located a few miles east of the town of Greensboro in Hale County Alabama. The ranch was purchased by the state of Alabama in 1940 and had been operated by director / warden Charles A.
 The Town Clock is a large clock that stands in downtown Dubuque Iowa. The clock which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places has stood over the city for over 130 years. The present clock is the second Town Clock; the first collapsed in the 1870s killing three people.
 The Library of Birmingham is a public library in Birmingham England. It is situated on the west side of the city centre at Centenary Square beside the Birmingham Rep (to which it connects and with which it shares some facilities) and Baskerville House. Upon opening on 3 September 2013 it replaced Birmingham Central Library. The library which is estimated to have cost £188.8 million is viewed by the Birmingham City Council as a flagship project for the city's redevelopment.
 The Chocolate Works was the confectionery factory of Terry's of York England. Opened in 1926 it closed in 2005 with the loss of 300 jobs with production moved to other Kraft Foods sites in mainland Europe. Today the site is being redeveloped as a mixed-use residential/commercial real estate development.
 EP 09 Towers is a complex of six towers spreading across a built-up area of 450000 square meters. The mixed-use community will have one residential community and the other two which include retail commercial and entertainment amenities.
 The Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building (also known as the Federal Office Building the Celebrezze Building or the Federal Building for short) is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland Ohio. Designed by the firms of Outcault Guenther Rode & Bonebrake Schafer Flynn & Van Dijk and Dalton Dalton Little and Newport the building has 32 stories rises to a height of 419 feet (128 m) 1007000 square feet (93600 m2) of spaceand is located at 1240 East 9th Street.
 Great George Street Congregational Church is located on the corner of Great George Street and Nelson Street Liverpool Merseyside England. It is no longer in use as a Congregational church and has been converted into a community arts centre. Formerly nicknamed The Blackie it has since been officially named The Black-E. The former church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Annunciation Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Chesterfield Derbyshire. It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1854. It was designed by the architect Joseph Hansom and it is a Grade II listed building.
 The McKinney Homestead is a former limestone home built between 1850 and 1852 by Thomas F. McKinney owner of the surrounding land. The two-story homestead was continuously occupied until it burned in the 1940s.Archaeological investigations in 1974 determined the house was built with limestone quarried from Onion Creek. The framing lumber was cypress and cedar both abundant on McKinney's land. The same wood was used for the doors window frames and roof shakes.
 The Herring Motor Car Company Building also known as 10th Street Lofts is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The building is a six-story brick structure that rises 90 feet (27 m) above the ground. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Bird & Rawson in the Classical Revival style. Clyde L. Herring had the building built in 1912 and it was completed the following year.
 Dinglewood is a neighborhood/subdistrict located at the southern edge of Downtown Columbus Georgia. In it is the tallest building in Columbus the Aflac Tower. It is also home to the famous Dinglewood Pharmacy which serves in the opinions of the city's residents the city's best scrambled hot dog. The boundaries of the neighborhood are generally acknowledged to be 17th Street to the north Martin Luther King Jr.
 The Butler Armory is a historic National Guard armory located on Washington Street in Butler Butler County Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect Joseph F. Kuntz with W.G. Wilkins Co. and built in 1922 and expanded in 1930. It is a T-plan building that consists of a one-story brick drill hall fronted by a two-story brick administration section. The front section is in the Art Deco style.
 St Matthew's Church is an Anglican church in the Silverhill suburb of Hastings a town and borough in the English county of East Sussex. The present building a large brick structure of 1884 by ecclesiastical architect John Loughborough Pearson replaced a much smaller church founded in 1860 when Silverhill began to grow from an agricultural area with scattered cottages into a suburb of the increasingly fashionable seaside resort of Hastings.
 The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (MNCARS also called the Museo Reina Sofía Queen Sofía Museum El Reina Sofía or simply The Sofia) is Spain's national museum of 20th century art. The museum was officially inaugurated on September 10 1992 and is named for Queen Sofía.
 Fairview Park situated at 2960 Kingsway Drive is the largest shopping mall in Kitchener Ontario Canada with 730000 square feet (68000 m2) of Gross leasable area and 120 stores. It is owned and operated by Cadillac Fairview.Fairview Park opened in 1966 in the Parkway neighbourhood of the recently expanded City of Kitchener between Kingsway Drive Wilson Avenue Fairway Road and Highway 8.
 James Owens Farm is a historic home and farm at Bristol Anne Arundel County Maryland. The home was built by successful tobacco farmer James Owens and is a large mid-19th century two-story brick cross-gable late Greek Revival/Italianate dwelling.
 The original Fish and Fur Club building is at Main (NY 301) and Pearl Streets in Nelsonville New York United States. It is now used as Nelsonville's village hall. In 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).It is a single-story three-by-three-bay wood frame building on a stone foundation. An asphalt-shingled hipped roof is pierced in the front by a triangular dormer with a semicircular window.
 The Nelson Round Barn is an historical structure located near Allerton in rural Wayne County Iowa. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 50 feet (15.2 m) around. It features white vertical siding an aerator and a conical roof.
 The Butler Institute of American Art located on Wick Avenue in Youngstown Ohio United States was the first museum dedicated exclusively to American art. Established by local industrialist and philanthropist Joseph G. Butler Jr. the museum has been operating pro bono since 1919.
 The Kirk's Cabin Complex was built by homesteader Lee Kirk circa 1890 in what would become Canyonlands National Park in Utah. Kirk was a small rancher who built a log cabin and two corrals at the location but was unable to make a living there and abandoned the ranch after a few years. Since that time the location was used by cowboys whose herds were grazing in the area until the late 1960s when the national park was established.
 The Case Study House #28 at 91 Inverness Rd. Thousand Oaks California is the only Case Study House in Ventura County. Built during 1965-66 it was listed on the National Register along with several other Case Study Houses in Los Angeles County on July 24 2013 as part of the Case Study House Program NPS.
 Jakobstad City Hall (Swedish: Jakobstads rådhus) is a historic building in the city of Jakobstad Finland. It was completed in 1875. The current look of the building dates from 1890.
 Cherlapally Central Jail is a correctional facility in Cherlapally Ranga Reddy district AP India. The facility is located 28 kilometres (17 mi) away from Hyderabad.
 The Tyler U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Tyler Texas also known as Tyler Federal Building was built in 1933. It is a Classical Revival architecture building. It served historically as a courthouse as a post office and as a government office building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Shadyside Presbyterian Church is a large congregation of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) in an historic part of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Located at the corner of Amberson Avenue and Westminster Place in the Shadyside neighborhood Shadyside Presbyterian Church was founded in 1866 as a congregation in the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. and has enjoyed a long history of local national and global recognition for its outreach and service.
 The Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum is an art museum located on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis. A teaching museum for the university since 1934 the museum is named for Frederick R. Weisman and was designed by the renowned architect Frank Gehry. Often called a modern art museum the 20000+ image collection has large collections of Marsden Hartley Alfred Maurer Charles Biederman Native American Mimbres pottery and Korean furniture.
 All Saints' Church Sutton-on-Trent is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Sutton-on-Trent.
 The Villa Empain is a private house in the Art Deco style designed and built between 1930 and 1934 by Swiss architect Michel Polak for Baron Louis Empain son of Belgian industrialist Baron Édouard Empain located in Brussels Belgium.
 Newtown Presbyterian Church also known as Old Presbyterian Church of Newtown is a historic Presbyterian church complex and national historic district in Newtown Bucks County Pennsylvania.This old edifice is the second of four Presbyterian Church buildings erected in Newtown. The first was built in 1734 and William Tennent the first minister preached there one Sunday a month. The first pastor to be installed in Newtown took office in 1752.
 The Luzon Apartment Building also known as The Westover is an historic structure located in the West End neighborhood of Washington D.C. The building is one of the last surviving structures from the formative period of apartment buildings in the city. The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Nicholas T. Haller and completed in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Guelph Civic Museum is a museum of culture and natural history located in Guelph Ontario. It was established to explore the culture and natural history of Guelph through exhibitions and public programs. The museum's most recent home was located in a three-story building at 6 Dublin Street South.The museum has a large collection which includes many artifacts photographs and archival material that dates back to Guelph's founding in 1827.
 The Salaberry Armoury (Manège militaire de Salaberry) is an historic armoury in Gatineau Quebec that is home to the armoured Régiment de Hull. The armoury was built in 1938 and was named after Colonel Charles de Salaberry a hero of the War of 1812. It was one of a series of armouries built across Canada during the 1930s. Located just to the west of the Hull sector in downtown Gatineau the armoury is a prominent local landmark.
 The Zappeion (Greek: Ζάππειον Μέγαρο Záppeion Mégaro) is a building in the National Gardens of Athens in the heart of Athens Greece. It is generally used for meetings and ceremonies both official and private.
 The House at 114 Marble Street in Stoneham Massachusetts is a well-preserved Gothic Victorian cottage built c. 1850. It is a 1.5 story wood frame house with a rear ell sheathed in wooden clapboards. It has a front gable centered over the main entry which features turned posts and balusters and a Stick-style valance. Windows in the gable ends have pointed arches characteristic of the style.
 The Soulsby Service Station is a historic service station in Mount Olive Illinois. The station is located along historic U.S. Route 66 and is the oldest usable service station on the highway in Illinois. It serves as an example of the house and canopy gas station design. Henry Soulsby built the station in 1926 after an injury forced him to leave the mining industry and operated it along with his children Russell and Ola Soulsby.
 The National Jazz Archive holds collections of written printed and visual material on jazz blues and related music from the 1920s to the present day. It is based in Loughton Library Loughton Essex in England.The Archive was founded by trumpeter Digby Fairweather in 1988 with support from Essex County Council.
 The Henry House also known as the Lowry-Ford-Henry House is a historic antebellum house in Marion Perry County Alabama. Historians believe that the house was built during the 1840s for Squire Lowry a wealthy planter originally from North Carolina. The two-story L-shaped house is wood framed with a brick masonry foundation and columns. A monumentally scaled hexastyle portico spans the three-bay front facade.
 The Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe and St. Bernard is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 328-332 West 14th Street Chelsea Manhattan New York City New York. It was established in 2003 as a result of a parish merger of the Manhattan parishes of Our Lady of Guadalupe's Church (New York City) and St. Bernard's Church (New York City).
 Turku Castle (Finnish: Turun linna Swedish: Åbo slott) is a medieval building in the city of Turku in Finland. Together with Turku Cathedral the castle is one of the oldest buildings still in use in Finland. Turku Castle is the largest surviving medieval building in Finland. It was founded in the late 13th century and stands on the banks of the Aura River.
 The U. S. Government Accounting Office Building is an historic government office building the headquarters of the Government Accountability Office. It is located at 441 G St. Northwest Washington D.C. adjacent to the National Building Museum.It was dedicated on September 11 1951 by President Harry S. Truman.
 353 North Clark is a 624 feet (190 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. The building began construction in 2007 and was completed in 2009. It has 44 floors with a total of 1173643 square feet (109035 m2) of floorspace. 353 North Clark is the home of Jenner & Block a law firm and Mesirow Financial a financial services firm.
 The Islamic Center of America (Arabic: المركز الإسلامي في اميركا‎) is a Shia mosque located in Dearborn Michigan. Although the institution dates back to 1964 the new mosque opened in 2005. It is the largest mosque in North America and the oldest Shia mosque in the United States. With its large Shia Arab population (consisting mostly of Lebanese) Dearborn is often called the heart of Shiism in the United States.The Islamic Center of America is located at 19500 Ford Road in Dearborn.
 Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility (RJDCF or RJD) is a state prison located in unincorporated southern San Diego County California near San Diego. It is a part of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation. It is a 780-acre (320 ha) facility. It is the only state prison in San Diego County. The prison is situated on a mesa about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) from the Mexico – United States border in the foothills of Otay Mesa overlooking the Mexican border.
 The Hale-Whitney Mansion is located in Bayonne Hudson County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1869 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 7 1996.
 Saint Barnabas Medical Center (SBMC) an affiliate of the Barnabas Health (formerly known as Saint Barnabas Health Care System) is a 597-bed non-profit major teaching hospital located in Livingston New Jersey. It is the oldest and largest nonprofit nonsectarian hospital in New Jersey.
 Saint Nicholas Church in Rijeka is a Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia. The church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. The building of the church was completed in 1790.
 The Diamond Ranch was established near Chugwater Wyoming in 1878 by George Rainsford a New York native who came west to breed horses. Rainsford an architect designed many of the structures at the ranch. Horses bred at the ranch mainly Morgans and Clydesdales were widely known and sought after. The ranch was named after Rainsford's Diamond brand one of the two oldest registered brands in Wyoming.
 The Wasilla Depot was built in 1917 in Wasilla Alaska. It was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission a federal agency charged with building Alaska's railways. The structure located at the corner of Parks Highway and Main Street was restored by the Lions Clubs and the Wasilla Chamber of Commerce.The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Museum of Anthropology at the University of British Columbia (UBC) campus in Vancouver British Columbia Canada is renowned for its displays of world arts and cultures in particular works by First Nations peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast First Nations . As well as being a major tourist destination MOA is also a research and teaching museum where UBC courses in art anthropology archaeology conservation and museum studies are given.
 Lindy's is a deli and restaurant with two locations in Manhattan New York City at 825 7th Avenue (at 53rd Street) and 401 7th Avenue (at 32nd Street). Lindy's is best known for its original incarnation which opened in 1921 on Broadway. It is currently owned by the Riese Organization.
 The Al Thuraya Tower 1 is a 28-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Al Thuraya Tower 1 was completed in 2005. A garden is located on the fifth floor.[citation needed]
 The Building at 826 North Main Street at 826 N. Main St. in Cottonwood Arizona was built in 1925. It is a 25-by-75-foot (7.6 m × 22.9 m) building built of cast block and is significant of an example of better fire protection in construction following a 1925 fire in Cottonwood's business district.
 Huisje Mostinckx (Dutch: house Mostinckx) is a farm on the village square of Sint-Martens-Bodegem a subdivision of Dilbeek in Flemish Brabant Belgium. The date of building is unknown however mentions on the Ferraris maps of Belgium date it prior to 1777. The house is a Flemish protected monument since 1981.
 Graves Mill also known as Jones Mill and Beech Grove Mill is a historic grist mill complex located near Wolftown Madison County Virginia. The complex includes a three-story heavy timber frame gristmill; a two-story log frame and weatherboard miller’s house; and a one-story heavy timber frame barn. The gristmill was built about 1798 probably on the foundation of an earlier gristmill built about 1745.
 Radeau Land Tortoise (Shipwreck) is the Lake George site of a shipwreck from the French and Indian Wars era. The vessel is a radeau. Simple in construction it was built by the British and Colonial forces in 1758 to help combat the French in North America. She was intentionally sunk by adding ballast two days later in Lake George with plans to resurrect her in the spring of 1759.
 Hook Windmill also known as Old Kappeli Konquest Hook Mill is a historic windmill on North Main Street in East Hampton New York. It was built in 1806 and operated regularly until 1908. One of the most complete of the extant windmills on Long Island New York in 1922 the windmill was sold to the town of East Hampton. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 аfter а man named Kurt Kappeli frоm Switzerland konquested the lands оf East Hampton.
 The Glenville School in Glenvil Nebraska was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Claestorp Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Galerie Birch is a Danish art gallery located on Bredgade in Copenhagen. The gallery opened in 1946 and is the oldest Danish gallery for Modern art.Galerie Birch was created and originally opened by art dealer Børge Birch. The gallery was assumed by his daughter Anette Birch in 1994.Galerie Birch is knows for it work with COBRA-artists here included Asger Jorn Pierre Alechinsky and Christian Dotremont.
 Milton Centre Historic District is a historic district on Canton Avenue between Readsdale Road and Thacher and Highland Streets in Milton Massachusetts.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The William Chapline House in Sharpsburg Maryland United States is a large stone house built about 1790. The house has shaped stonework at the front and rubble stonework on the sides with a cast-iron porch added around the turn of the twentieth century. The house was damaged during the Battle of Antietam when it was hit with canister shot. At that time it was occupied by Dr. Augustin A. Biggs who treated the wounded from the battle in the house.
 The Corn Palace commonly advertised as The World's Only Corn Palace and the Mitchell Corn Palace is a multi-purpose arena/facility located in Mitchell South Dakota. The Moorish Revival building is decorated with crop art; the murals and designs covering the building are made from corn and other grains.
 General's House is a country house near Nuwara Eliya Sri Lanka. It is the vacationing and country residence of Cabinet Ministers and Members of Parliament. Located within the limits of the Nuwara Eliya Municipal Council along the Grand Hotel Drive next to the The Hill Club.
 Hotel Moskva (Serbian Cyrillic: Хотел Москва pronounced [xɔ̌tɛl mɔ̂skʋa]; English: Hotel Moscow) is a four star hotel in Belgrade one of the oldest currently operating in Serbia. Apart from offering hospitality services Hotel Moskva is one of the most recognizable Belgrade landmarks a valuable architectural monument placed under governmental protection since 1968.
 The Ephraim Buck House is a historic First Period house at 216 Wildwood Street in Wilmington Massachusetts. Construction of the house has been dated to c. 1704 by deeds although local histories suggest part of it may be older.
 The Torrey Log Church-Schoolhouse was built in Torrey Utah in 1898 as a LDS meetinghouse and schoolhouse. The one story log structure served as the school until 1917 and as a meetinghouse until 1928.The single story log building measures approximately 37 by 21 feet (11.3 by 6.4 m). The interior is a single room with an entrance on the south side and windows on the east and west sides. The windows have pedimented heads an unusual detail in a log structure and show a Greek Revival influence.
 The Federal Detention Center Houston (FDC Houston) is a United States federal prison in downtown Houston Texas which holds male and female inmates prior to and during court proceedings as well an inmates serving short sentences. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 The Engine House No. 11 is a fire station located at 2737 Gratiot Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is the oldest remaining firehouse in the city of Detroit; it was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Watkins House is located at 302 South Camden Street Richmond Missouri. The Queen Anne style house was designed by George F. Barber and built in 1890. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Canada Aviation and Space Museum (French: Musée de l'Aviation et de l'Espace du Canada) (formerly the Canada Aviation Museum) is Canada's national aviation history museum. The museum is located in Ottawa Ontario Canada at the Ottawa/Rockcliffe Airport.
 Skara Cathedral (in Swedish: Skara domkyrka) is a church in the Swedish city of Skara. The cathedral is the seat for the bishop of the Church of Sweden Diocese of Skara.Its history is traced from the 11th century but its current appearance is from the 13th century. The church has a medieval crypt that was found in 1949 after having been buried under stones since the 13th century.
 Villa DeSales built in 1877-1878 is a large five-by-three bay three-story frame High Victorian Gothic dwelling with a two-story south service wing located at Aquasco Prince George's County Maryland. The historic home is significant for its architectural character which includes a complex of six 19th century outbuildings. This architectural style is an unusual one in Southern Maryland an area heavily agricultural historically.
 St. Nicholas Croatian Church is a Roman Catholic church in Millvale Pennsylvania USA. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is noted for its murals by Maxo Vanka painted in 1937 and 1941 such as Labor Sacrificed on the Altar of Greed and The Capitalist.
 The Drumheller Institution is a medium-security prison operated in Drumheller Alberta by the Correctional Service of Canada. It was opened in 1967 and also includes a 72-bed minimum-security facility. As of 6 April 2004 the medium security section had a rated capacity of 598.
 The Carnegie Library of Reims (French: Bibliothèque Carnegie de Reims) is a public library built with money donated by businessman and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie to the city of Reims after World War I. Reims was one of three front-line cities to be given a Carnegie library the other two being Leuven and Belgrade (Belgrade University Library). Built in the 1920s it combined the mission of heritage conservation and of reading public library.
 The Ward House in Syracuse New York was designed in 1914 by architect Ward Wellington Ward. It was one of two speculative properties that Ward and his wife arranged to have built. Along with others of his works it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Legg House is a historic former farmhouse in Bloomington Indiana United States. Built in the middle of the nineteenth century it has experienced a range of uses culminating in its present status as an Indiana University office building. After a period of deterioration it was restored to its original condition and it has been designated a historic site.
 Toronto Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Halton Hills Ontario Canada. Being the first Premium Outlet Center in Canada and the first conglomeration of stores of its type in that nation the facility opened on Thursday August 1 2013.The mall has 400 000 square feet (40 000 square meters) of shopping including the first ever Hudson's Bay Discount Store.
 Moselem Farms Mill is a historic grist mill located in Richmond Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story with basement banked brick building on a stone foundation. It measures 45 feet 4 inches by 50 feet. The merchant mill was built as part of an iron furnace complex.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The First Religious Society Church and Parish Hall is a historic church building at 26 Pleasant Street in Newburyport Massachusetts. Originally a Reformed congregation the congregation is currently affiliated with the Unitarian Universalist denomination. The current Minister is Reverend Harold Babcock.
 Guangzhou Circle (Chinese: 广州圆大厦) is a landmark building located in Guangzhou Guangdong province China. Its the headquarters of the Hongda Xingye Group and the new home of Guangdong Plastic Exchange (GDPE) the world largest trading centre for raw plastic material with more than 25 billions euros of annual turn over (2012).
 Westcot Camera was a priory in Oxfordshire England.
 St. Anne's Church Worksop is an Anglican parish church in the Church of England in Worksop. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Levi Woodbury Homestead is a historic homestead at 1 Main Street in Francestown New Hampshire that was home to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Levi Woodbury.It was built in 1789 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Armstrong's Barn is a former restaurant in Annamoe County Wicklow Ireland. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded a Michelin star in 1978. The Michelin Guide awarded the restaurant the Red M indicating good food at a reasonable price in 1980 and 1981.The kitchen style was traditional Irish. Head chef of Armstrong's Barn was Paolo Tullio. The restaurant was housed in an old farmhouse later renovated which is claimed to be 250 years old.
 The Manor Hotel is a Victorian hotel in the seaside town of Mundesley-on-sea in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom. It lies on the beachfront of Mundesley north of Gold Park and just east of the Methodist Church. The hotel was designed by the Norwich architect John Bond Pearce and was inaugurated in 1900.
 The Wells House is a historic house located at 568 West Main Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in about 1840 for Orson Wells who first settled in North Adams in 1815 and established an acid production facility nearby. The Wells family owned much land in the area even as it industrialized; around the turn of the 20th century the family still owned 160 acres (65 ha) of farmland.
 Sanjeevan Hospital (Marathi: संजीवन रुग्णालय) is a charitable hospital in Pune India run by the Jnana Prabhodhini Medical Trust.
 The Reid Temple A.M.E. Church is an African Methodist Episcopal megachurch located in Glenn Dale Maryland USA to the northeast of Washington DC.In 2008 Outreach Magazine reported that attendance was 7500 making it the 88th largest church in the USA.As of 2010 membership exceeded 8000.
 St Paul's Cathedral London is a Church of England cathedral the seat of the Bishop of London and mother church of the Diocese of London. It sits at the top of Ludgate Hill the highest point in the City of London. Its dedication to Paul the Apostle dates back to the original church on this site founded in AD 604. The present church dating from the late 17th century was designed in the English Baroque style by Sir Christopher Wren.
 Sunlight House is a Grade II listed building in the art deco style on Quay Street in Manchester England.Built in 1932 by Joseph Sunlight it is constructed of steel and concrete and clad in Portland stone under a three-tier mansard slate roof with glazed centre. The building is square in plan with central light-well and 14 storeys high including the attic storeys.
 Lansdowne Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Lansdowne Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1927 and consists of a two story front section with street level shops and offices above and a 1400 seat auditorium. It was designed by noted theater architect William Harold Lee (1884-1971) and is in the Spanish Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sun Plaza is a shopping mall in Bucharest Romania managed by CBRE Romania and owned by Sparkassen Immobilien AG under the design of the international firm of architects Chapman Taylor.The mall has: 1 hypermarket Cora (11300 m²) 1 DIY Baumax (12300 m²) 130 stores - including anchors: Zara C&A H&M Marks and Spencer Hervis Humanic Deichmann Koton Flanco.
 The National Museum of American Jewish Military History (NMAJMH) was founded September 2 1958 in Washington D.C. to document and preserve the contributions of Jewish Americans to the peace and freedom of the United States...[and to educate] the public concerning the courage heroism and sacrifices made by Jewish Americans who served in the armed forces. It operates under the auspices of the Jewish War Veterans USA National Memorial Inc.
 Harry DeHaven House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story five bay frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It features tall Jacobean chimneys a wraparound porch on three sides rounded corners and a partial porch on the second story. Its builder also built the Isaac Pawling House across the street.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Philomene Catholic Church and Rectory is a historic church on LA 1 in Labadieville Louisiana.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Bayfair Center is a regional shopping mall located in San Leandro California. It was formerly known as the Bay Fair Mall until 2004. It is currently anchored by Macy's Target Kohl's Bed Bath and Beyond Old Navy and Staples along with an external Century Theatres multiplex. The Bayfair BART station is located in the area south of the building.
 First Presbyterian Church of Ulysses is a historic Presbyterian church located at Trumansburg in Tompkins County New York. It is an imposing temple front Greek Revival style structure built in 1849-1850. The church is a 61 feet by 57 feet gable roofed brick structure that is dominated by a monumental pedimented portico supported by five massive fluted Doric order columns. A tripartate bell tower crowns the roof ridge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Burtnieki Castle (German: Schloss Burtneck; Estonian: Asti ordulinnus) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. It was built on the south shore of Lake Burtnieks for the Livonian Order around 1284.
 St James' Church Gawsworth is in the village of Gawsworth Cheshire England and is sited near Gawsworth Hall. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield. Clifton-Taylor includes it in his list of 'best' English parish churches. The authors of the Buildings of England series describe the church as being pretty but odd.
 Baku Museum of Modern Art (Azerbaijani: Bakı müasir incəsənət muzeyi) is a museum of modern art located in Baku Azerbaijan.
 Château-Dauphin is a medieval castle in the commune of Pontgibaud in the Puy-de-Dôme département of France.
 Hawkins Homestead also known as the Zachariah Hawkins Homestead is a historic home located at Stony Brook in Brookhaven Town Suffolk County New York. It was built originally about 1660 and is a saltbox-form dwelling. It has two principal components: a mid-17th-century 1 1⁄2-story house to the west and a large mid-18th-century (c. 1720 and 1750) and early-19th-century (c. 1812) 2 1⁄2-story addition to the east.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Solomon Goffe House is located on North Colony Street in Meriden Connecticut United States. It was built in 1711 and is the oldest remaining building in the city of Meriden. It is a traditional gambrel style roof.One of the highlights of the landscaping is its traditional herb garden which was designed after examples of typical 18th century herb gardens in the area.
 The Charles Miles House is a historic house at 131 Lincoln Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1850 by Charles Miles a city clerk. The building is one of Worcester's finest Italianate residences with corner quoining a modillioned cornice widow's walk and a finely detailed front porch.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 1049 5th Avenue is a 23-floor luxury condominium apartment building located in the Upper East Side New York City. Built in 1928 as the Adams Hotel the building underwent extensive renovation in its conversion to residential condominiums during the years 1990-1993. When the apartments were first offered for sale in 1991 they were the highest-priced residential apartments ever offered for sale in New York City. Their sale prices set city records in 1993 and 1994.
 Les Promenades Saint-Bruno is a shopping mall in Saint-Bruno Quebec that broke ground in 1976 and completed in 1978 making it the youngest of the four self-branded Fashion centres operated by Cadillac Fairview. Les Promenades Saint-Bruno is the largest mall in the Montérégie and part of its consumer base come from cities as far as Saint-Hyacinthe and Sorel-Tracy. The major tenants are The Bay Sears Simons and Target.
 The First Church of Hanover is located on Mount Pleasant Avenue East Hanover Morris County New Jersey United States. In 1718 the Hanover Presbyterian Church was formed in Whippany. It is one of the oldest churches in the United States.
 The Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse also known as U.S. Courthouse Sioux Falls is a historic federal office and courthouse building located at Sioux Falls in Minnehaha County South Dakota. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lincoln Statue is an historic structure located on the grounds of the Greene County Courthouse in Jefferson Iowa United States. It was erected in 1918 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The statue is a replica of W. Granville Hastings’ statue in Cincinnati Ohio and was a gift of Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Wilson.
 The Keyhole Castle is located in the East Hill neighborhood of Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. Built as the residence for Samuel McLeod a former business man mayor of Prince Albert and federal politician. the home was built as the residence for him and his family. The architect was Erich Wohann of Minneapolis. In 1975 the building was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
 Robinsons Cabanatuan is a large shopping mall located Maharlika Highway Cabanatuan City Philippines. The mall is owned by John Gokongwei founder of JG Summit Holdings and Robinsons Land Co it is the first Robinsons mall in the province. The mall was built beside NE Pacific Mall on 2007. The mall had its soft opening on November 2008 and its grand opening the next year.
 Cheshire Correctional Institution is a Connecticut Department of Correction state prison for men located in Cheshire New Haven County Connecticut. The facility was built beginning in 1910 partly by the inmates of the Wethersfield State Prison and opened in 1913 as the Chester Reformatory for male youths ages 16 to 24. In 1982 the state's Manson Youth Institution opened adjacent to the CCI and Cheshire was re-designated as an adult prison.Current capacity of CCI is 1404 inmates.
 Oak Lawn also known as Burford House is a historic home located at Madison Heights Amherst County Virginia. The original section of the house was built about 1810 and enlarged about 1859. It is a two-story three bay frame dwelling with weatherboard siding and four exterior end chimneys. It has Federal and Greek Revival-style design elements. Also on the property is a late-19th century latticed well house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Chase City High School now known as Maple Manor Apartments is a historic high school complex located at Chase City Mecklenburg County Virginia. The school building was built in 1908 and expanded in 1917. It consists of two two-story brick Colonial Revival style buildings connected by a one-story connector building built in 1960. Also on the property is a contributing two-story rectangular brick building constructed in 1917 for vocational agriculture classes.
 Saint John Regional Hospital is a Canadian hospital in Saint John New Brunswick.Operated by Horizon Health Network Saint John Regional Hospital opened in 1982 replacing the Saint John General Hospital and West Saint John Community Hospital facilities creating the largest single health care facility in the province.Saint John Regional Hospital is the largest tertiary care referral hospital in New Brunswick and specializes in cardiac (New Brunswick Heart Centre) and trauma care services.Saint John Regional Hospital is also a teaching hospital for the Faculty of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax Nova Scotia as well as the Faculty of Medicine at Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. 
 Penrith Friary was a friary in Cumbria England.
 Musgrave Park Hospital is a regional specialist hospital managed by Belfast Health and Social Care Trust in Belfast Northern Ireland. It specialises in orthopaedics rheumatology sports medicine and rehabilitation of patients of all ages. These specialties are spread out across a large site in the leafy suburbs of South Belfast. The Hospital is named after the 48 acres (190000 m2) of adjacent municipal parkland known as Musgrave Park first opened to the public in 1920.
 Iddings-Baldridge House is a historic home located at Milesburg Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular brick building. The house has a number of Greek Revival style details including a low pitched gable roof a square plan and a frieze beneath the eaves. The interior has a traditional Georgian center hall plan. Also on the property is a Gothic Revival style outbuilding.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 41 Hotel or No. 41: A Red Carnation Hotel is a luxury hotel in London England. It is located just south of Buckingham Palace along 41 Buckingham Palace Road.
 The Delphi Baptist Church also known as Delphi Falls United Church was built in 1815 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1979.A very large old and well-lit church it features large twenty over twenty sash windows consisting of 20 glass panes in each of upper and lower sashes.It is the only surviving nearly-original church in Onondaga County surviving from the Federal period.
 County palace (Croatian: Županijska palača) is a building of County Assembly of Osijek-Baranja County in Osijek Croatia.
 Saigon Centre is a complex building in Ho Chi Minh city Vietnam invested by Keppel Land Watco I. The building is located at Le Loi road in District 1 Ho Chi Minh City. Phase 1 of the complex was completed in 1996 with a 25-story building which set a new record for the highest building in Vietnam at 106 metres (348 ft). The building has a total floor area of over 32500 square metres (350000 sq ft).
 The Stonewall Jackson Youth Development Center is a juvenile correctional facility of the North Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention located in unincorporated Cabarrus County North Carolina near Concord.The Stonewall Jackson Manual Training and Industrial School was established by an act of the state legislature in 1907 and opened in 1909 as the first juvenile detention facility in North Carolina. The school was named for Confederate General Stonewall Jackson.
 Windsor Plantation (also known as Little Edisto Plantation and Ashwood Plantation) is a spacious house on Russell Creek in Edisto Island South Carolina. The house was constructed about 1857 as a wedding gift to one of the sons of Edward Whaley. The large two-and-one-half story clapboard structure is a good example of a sea island cotton plantation interpreting Georgian architecture.
 The Jupiter Hotel is a converted mid-20th century motor inn boutique hotel located in Portland Oregon USA. It has been described as a party hotel and has been compared to the Standard Hotels in Los Angeles.
 Amway Grand Plaza Hotel is located in Grand Rapids Michigan and is named after Amway Corporation which is based in nearby Ada Township.Originally known as The Pantlind Hotel (founded in 1913) Amway Grand Plaza Hotel reopened in 1981 after extensive renovations done by Marvin DeWinter & Associates including the addition of a 29 story glass tower.
 US Post Office-Long Beach is a historic post office building located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York United States. It was built in 1936 and designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under the direction of Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrically massed building faced with red brick in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central five bay wide section with a gable roof flanked by single bay end pavilions with gable roofs perpendicular to the central section.
 The Rüstem Pasha Mosque (Turkish: ' Rüstempaşa Camii') is an Ottoman mosque located in Hasırcılar Çarşısı (Strawmat Weavers Market) in the Tahtakale neighborhood of the Fatih district of Istanbul Turkey.
 The State Armory is a historic armory building at 29 Howard Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It was built in 1895 by E. C. Gardner to a design by Robert Wait and Amos Cutting. The construction was primarily granite with decorative elements of brick and brownstone. It has towers that are 50 feet (15 m) and 60 feet (18 m) tall with crenellated brick battlements and a parapet connecting the two front towers.
 Not to be confused with Old Fort Arbuckle a site in Tulsa County Oklahoma.Fort Arbuckle was created in 1850 to stop raids by Plains Indian tribes on immigrant trains headed west to California and on settlements of Choctaws and Chickasaws in Indian Territory.Captain Randolph B. Marcy was assigned the mission of selecting the site and constructing the fort which would be named to honor the recently deceased General Matthew Arbuckle.
 The Springfield House widely known as the Government House is the Official Residence of the Governor General of St. Kitts and Nevis currently His Excellency Sir Edmund Lawrence and his consort Lady Hulda Lawrence.
 Paca Street Firehouse also known as Truck House No. 2 is a historic fire station located at Baltimore Maryland United States. The architect of Paca Street Firehouse is John E. Lafferty. It is a 1909 two-story brick structure with a highly detailed stone Renaissance Revival façade. The principal space is a large room subdivided at the Paca Street end into offices.
 Myrtle Hall Farm also known as Meadow Farm is a historic plantation home and farm located near Bluemont Loudoun County Virginia. The original section of the house was built about 1813 and consists of a two-story brick main block with a smaller two-story service wing and single story kitchen addition. A two-story library addition was built in about 1850. The house is in the Federal style.
 The Ibn Danan Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת אבן דאנן‎ Arabic: معبد ابن دنان‎) is a synagogue in Fes Morocco dating from the 17th century. It was built by Mimoun Ben Sidan a wealthy merchant from the town of Ait Ishaq.
 St Swithun's Church Worcester is a redundant Anglican church in the city of Worcester Worcestershire England (grid reference SO850549). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is considered to be one of the best preserved examples of an early Georgian church in England. Clifton-Taylor includes the church in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 The Edson Hotel in Beaumont Texas was built in 1929 at a cost of $1.5 Million and was designed by F.W. and D.E. Steinman of Beaumont. The building is 22 stories tall. The building was bought in 1955 by Gulf State Utilities and has been an office building ever since.
 Ellis Williams House also known as the Spatz Property and Allston Spatz House is a historic home located in East Goshen Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in three sections. It is a two-story four bay stone dwelling. The older section dates to about 1754 and was built on the Penn Plan. It is believed to have been built on the foundations of an earlier dwelling built in 1704.
 The Beaumont St. Louis and San Francisco Railroad Water Tank is a railroad water tank constructed in 1875 in Beaumont Kansas. It served the St. Louis Wichita & Western Railway and was used to refill the boilers of steam locomotives on that line. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 De Kromme Watergang is a restaurant located in Slijkplaat Hoofdplaat in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2005-2011. Much to their surprise they were rewarded two Michelin stars in 2012. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.5 out of 20 points in its guide for 2013.De Kromme Watergang is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.
 Kingsway International Christian Centre (KICC) is based in London England and was established in 1992 with 200 adults and 100 children. It currently has up to 12000 people in attendance at the main church every Sunday. The church is pastored by Matthew Ashimolowo.
 New River Company General Office Building is a historic commercial building located at Mt. Hope Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1917 and is a two story U shaped brick building. It is five bays wide. It features a stepped parapet with clay tile coping. The interior has original light fixtures unpainted woodwork and hardwood floors.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Paul Hamilton House commonly referred to as the Brick House Ruins is the ruin of a 1725 plantation house on Edisto Island South Carolina that burned in 1929.
 Banneker Recreation Center is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C. The building was built in 1934 and was named for Benjamin Banneker a free African American who assisted in the survey of boundaries of the original District of Columba in 1791. It was known as a premier African American recreation center in the city.
 The Park Avenue Synagogue – Agudat Yesharim (The Association of the Righteous) - is a Conservative Jewish congregation located at 50 East 87th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan New York City. Founded in 1882 the congregation is one of the largest and most influential synagogues in the United States. The congregation was originally founded in 1882 as the Reform congregation Temple Gates of Hope by a group of German Jews.
 The Saint Sofia Church (Bulgarian: църква „Света София“ tsarkva „Sveta Sofia“) is the second oldest church in the Bulgarian capital Sofia dating to the 6th century. In the 14th century the church gave its name to the city previously known as Sredets (Средец).
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Suffield Connecticut United States. Founded on March 12 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 1670 Broadway formerly Amoco Tower is a 448 feet (137 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1980 and has 36 floors. Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates PC designed the building and it is the 10th tallest skyscraper in Denver.The 1670 Broadway building features along with the tenants a Starbucks coffee shop Gateway Newsstand and a UMB Bank. In 2006 TIAA-CREF became one of the building's biggest tenants and the company's symbol now adorns the top of the structure.
 Helgheim Church (Norwegian: Helgheim kyrkje) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Helgheim right on the shore of the lake Jølstravatnet. The church is part of the Helgheim parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1877 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
 The St. Teodora de la Sihla Church (Romanian: Biserica Sfânta Teodora de la Sihla) is a cathedral in Central Chişinău Moldova.
 The Iron County Courthouse is a government building located at the west end of Superior Avenue in Crystal Falls Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974.
 The Anchiskhati Basilica of St Mary (Georgian: ანჩისხატი) is the oldest surviving church in Tbilisi Georgia. It belongs to the Georgian Orthodox Church and dates from the sixth century.
 St Joseph's Church is an active Roman Catholic church on Chapel Street in Bedford Leigh in Greater Manchester England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Canal Walk is centrally located along a stretch of a man-made canal running through the heart of Songdo IBD. It stretches 2625 feet within D1-D4 blocks. Each block contains five-story glass buildings. First two stories are retail units that comprise fitness club bookstore general stores and restaurants. Also top three stories contain 445 luxury officetel units. The site also encourages pedestrian flow by protecting people from traffic and noise.
 The Emma J. Harvat and Mary E. Stach House also known as the De Saint Victor House was the home of Emma J. Harvat who was the first female mayor of Iowa City Iowa and the first female leader of a U.S. city with a population greater than 10000. Harvat was a successful businesswoman who had become financially independent and retired to Iowa City at the age of 43.
 The Albina Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library located in northeast Portland Oregon. The library's origins date back to 1906 with the establishment of a small reading room that housed 100 books. The branch has relocated three times since then moving from the building which now houses The Title Wave Used Bookstore to a retail plaza in northeast Portland.The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The Basra International Hotel (Arabic: فندق البصرة الدولي‎) is a hotel in Basrah Iraq located on Shatt al-Arab bank in Al Ashar District Basrah. The hotel was built in 1981 as the Basrah Sheraton Hotel & Casino Sheraton severed ties with the hotel in 1991 at the time of the Gulf War but the hotel continued using the name without permission for the next two decades until it closed after the Iraq War. It was renovated and reopened in 2010 under its current name.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is located on US 9W in the hamlet of Fort Montgomery New York United States. It is a small building in the Tudorbethan architectural style with random stone and lancet stained glass windows on either side.It was built in 1923 in anticipation of the completion of the Bear Mountain Bridge and the bridge over Popolopen Creek to the south.
 Bristol House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built between 1870 and 1875 and is a two story three bay wide by two bay deep Italianate style frame dwelling. The front facade is dominated by the elaborate canopy above the slightly recessed paneled wooden doors of the side hall entrance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Apex Union Depot is a historic railroad station located on Salem Street in downtown Apex North Carolina and is the centerpiece of the Apex Historic District. Constructed in 1914 by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad the building shared service with the Durham and Southern Railway but now houses the Apex Visitor's Center Apex Chamber of Commerce and meeting rooms rented out for special events. A 37-foot (11.3 m) Louisville and Nashville Railroad caboose is located beside the building.
 Al Sahab is a residential high rise development in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The development consists of two towers; Tower 1 a 24 storey structure and Tower 2 a 44 storey structure. The complex is a high-rise waterfront development which directly overlooks the largest bay of water at Dubai Marina.
 The B. C. Calvert House built in 1875 is an historic Late Victorian style house located in Union Kentucky. On February 6 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Church St. George Kumanovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Црква Свети Ѓорѓи Куманово)is an church in the city of Kumanovo Macedonia. The church was built in 2006 near the city Cemetery.
 The Risser's Mill Covered Bridge or Horst's Mill Covered Bridge was a covered bridge that spanned Little Chickie's Creek in Lancaster County Pennsylvania United States. It was burnt by an arsonist on July 8 2002. As of October 2006 a concrete bridge is being built 100 feet north of the site of the bridge. Plans exist to rebuild a replica of the bridge on the original hand-laid stone bridge abutments.The bridge's WGCB Number is 38-36-36.
 The Harmony Plantation is a historic home at 5104 Riley Hill Road in Wendell North Carolina a town in eastern Wake County. Built in 1833 the house is an example of Greek Revival architecture. In January 2008 the Harmony Plantation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Broadway Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Red Sea Mall is a shopping mall located in the northern suburb of Jeddah in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The mall is located on the western side of the Al-Malek Abdulaziz Road (King Abdul Azis Road Malek Road) between the King Abdulaziz International Airport and the Red Sea coast. It boasts some 242200 square meters of built area. A hotel and seven story office building will be attached. The Mall has 18 entrances and 4000 parking spaces.
 The Hall of Transportation Treasure Island on Treasure Island California also known as Building 2 was built in 1938. It was designed in Moderne style by architects William Peyton Day and George William Kelham. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Snow Creek Methodist Church and Burying Ground is a historic church in Harmony North Carolina.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Old Providence Presbyterian Church also known as Halifax Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Providence Halifax County Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a rectangular one-story single room gable roofed frame structure. It measures approximately 26 feet by 31 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Wilks Brooks House is a home in Memphis Tennessee listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built by Wilks Brooks and his fifteen-year-old son Joseph Brooks; construction started in October 1834 and ended in 1835.The Wilks Brooks house is the oldest example of Greek Revival architecture in the Shelby County Tennessee area. It is an L-shaped dwelling with two stories and has a central hallway known as a dog-trot with rooms to the left and right.
 Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital (AJEH) is one of Mumbai's leading eye hospital. It was rated as 'the best eye hospital in Mumbai' by Outlook (magazine) an Indian weekly news magazine in its July 2002 issue.
 Tromsø University Museum is the oldest scientific institution in North-Norway. It was established in 1872 and incorporated in the University of Tromsø in 1976. The museum has 80000-90000 visitors annually. The museum consists of six departments
 Subhas Hotel (Subash Hotel Subhash Hotel) is a hotel in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The 36 room hotel is located in the heart of the city on Victoria Road opposite Jaffna Hospital. Built in 1970 the hotel had a monopoly on the Jaffna peninsula for two decades. During the civil war the hotel was occupied by the Sri Lankan military for 16 years. The hotel was handed back to the owners in 2011 and re-opened in 2012.
 The 21er Haus or Einundzwanziger Haus (English: House 21) is a modernist style steel and glass building designed by Austrian architect Karl Schwanzer (1918–1975). Originally constructed as the Austrian pavilion or temporary showroom for the Expo 58 in Brussels it was later transferred to Vienna to house the Museum of the 20th Century which explains why it was first nicknamed 20er Haus (House 20). Between 1979 and 2001 the building also acted as a depository for contemporary art works.
 The Fresh Pond Hotel is an historic former hotel at 234 Lakeview Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 The Edward Mooney House located at 18 Bowery at the corner of Pell Street in the Chinatown neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built between 1785 and 1789 for wealthy butcher Edward Mooney on land he purchased after it was confiscated from British Loyalist James Delancey.The brick house was built in a mixture of Georgian and Federal styles and is the earliest remaining townhouse in the Early Federal style in the city. It has three stories plus an attic and full basement.
 All Souls' Chapel is an historic chapel attached to St. Peter's Cathedral in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada. Built of Prince Edward Island sandstone in the High Victorian Gothic style of architecture it overlooks the beautiful Rochford Square.
 The Ned Ashton House in Iowa City Iowa also known as the Edward L. Ashton House or as Ashton House was built in 1947-1948 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.The house was built in 1947 by Edward L. Ned Ashton as a private residence. Ashton who has been called the most distinguished bridge engineer in the history of Iowa was a professor of civil engineering at the University of Iowa from 1943 to 1957.
 The Dana-Palmer House is an historic house at 12-16 Quincy Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in 1822 and is basically Federal in its styling although it has a Greek Revival porch. The house was built on land belonging to the Dana family and was occupied by Richard Henry Dana Sr. among others before its acquisition by Harvard University in 1835.
 Northbrook Hall (also Lalkuthi; Red House because of its deep red color) was originally built as a town hall during the British period. It is situated at Farashgonj road in Old Dhaka Bangladesh on the north bank of the Buriganga River.
 Trinity Moravian church houses a congregation of the Jamaican province of the Moravian Church. It was established in 1954 as part of the bicentenary celebrations of the Moravian Church in Jamaica.
 DLF SEZ is an information technology (IT) park situated in the city of Chennai India.
 The Brody Raion Museum of History and Ethnography is a museum in Brody city Ukraine that was founded in 2001.
 Old Brick Church (Lower Church Southwark Parish) is a historic church in Bacon's Castle Virginia. The lower chapel of the Southwark Parish was a brick rectangular room church built in 1754 about a mile northwest of Bacon's Castle in Surry County Virginia. Its brick walls are iregularly laid in Flemish bond and English bond with a few glazed headers. The church remained abandoned from the Disestablishment of the Church of England in America until 1847.
 St Laurence's Church Combe Longa is the Church of England parish church of Combe Oxfordshire England. Parts are 12th century.[citation needed] The nave dates from the late 14th century and is notable for its 15th century wall paintings. The church is part of the Benefice of Stonesfield with Combe Longa.The Wychwood Way long distance footpath passes the church.
 The Kirtland Temple is a National Historic Landmark in Kirtland Ohio USA on the eastern edge of the Cleveland metropolitan area. Owned and operated by the Community of Christ formerly the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS) the house of worship was the first temple to be built by the Latter Day Saint movement. The design mixes Federal Greek Revival and Gothic Revival architectural styles.
 Isaac Pawling House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story seven bay frame dwelling with a slate covered hipped roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a large steep conical turret two story bay window and two story hipped roof portico porch. Its builder also built the Harry DeHaven House across the street.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. John's Evangelical Lutheran German Church and Cemetery also known as St. John's Lutheran Church and Cemetery and as White Church is located in the vicinity of Hayes Center in Hayes County Nebraska. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing includes a 10 acres (4.0 ha) area with the church as a contributing building and the cemetery as a contributing site.The congregation was founded in 1886 and a sod church was completed in 1887.
 The Clockarium is a museum in Schaerbeek (on the outskirts of Brussels Belgium) devoted to the Art Deco ceramic clock.It specializes into the faience mantelclock which were the first timepiece affordable to everyone and proudly decorated every common home in Belgium and Northern France during the 1920s and '30s. It is located in an Art Deco style house on the Reyers boulevard.
 The Washington Coliseum formerly Uline Arena is an indoor arena in Washington D.C. located at 1132 1140 and 1146 3rd Street Northeast Washington D.C.
 The Citizens Bank Tower in Oklahoma City Oklahoma is a 20-storey tower and building complex that was built in 1965-66.The Citizens Bank Tower is an architecturally significant building in Oklahoma City with its hexagonal plan slender profile unusual sunscreens and rigorously sculpted crown. It was among the first tall office buildings to be erected outside of downtown Oklahoma City setting the standard for other distinctive large freestanding suburban skyscrapers.
 The Dr. Ronald P. Guzman Medical Center is a Tertiary Level Hospital located in Tuguegarao City Philippines. It has a bed capacity of 250. It is the first in the Philippines to have a Hitachi brand of X-ray with Digital Radio Fluoroscopy and the first and only magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) Machine in Cagayan Valley Region II.The Main Hospital also called The Cross which is adequately furnished with rooms and wardsIt is Founded by Dr. Ronald P.
 Lemont Methodist Episcopal Church also known as the Old Stone Church is a historic church building at 306 Lemont Street in Lemont Illinois.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Garnett Station Place building is the former Southern Belting Company Building. Located on Forsyth Street in downtown Atlanta Georgia United States the Garnett Station Building was designed by the firm of Lockwood Greene and Company and completed in 1915. In 1985 the architectural firm Stang and Newdow (now known as Stevens & Wilkinson) were retained to renovate the building into loft office space. In August 1988 the building was added the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Public Garden also known as Boston Public Garden is a large park located in the heart of Boston Massachusetts adjacent to Boston Common.
 Holt Farm is a historic farm built in 1708 and located at 89 Prospect Road in Andover Massachusetts. The house was built on the highest point in Essex County on land granted in Nicholas Holt III after his 1708 marriage to Mary Manning.
 The Contemporary Art Centre of South Australia (CACSA) is an art museum and art space located in Adelaide Australia.
 The Central Museum is a museum in Southend-on-Sea Essex England. The museum houses collections of local and natural history and contains a planetarium constructed by astronomer Harry Ford in 1984.The museum was opened in April 1981 in a Grade II listed building that was previously Southend's first free public library. The library service had moved to a new purpose built site on Victoria Avenue which opened on 20 March 1974.
 The Yaoundé General Hospital (Hôpital Général de Yaoundé - HGY) is a hospital in Yaoundé Cameroon established in 1985. It serves as a teaching center and is a reference hospital for other hospitals in the Yaounde region.The hospital was designed by the C. Cacoub and Buban Ngu Design Group and built by SBBM & Six Construct.
 The Parthenon in Nashville Tennessee is a full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens. It was built in 1897 as part of the Tennessee Centennial Exposition.Today the Parthenon which functions as an art museum stands as the centerpiece of Centennial Park a large public park just west of downtown Nashville. Alan LeQuire's 1990 re-creation of the Athena Parthenos statue is the focus of the Parthenon just as it was in ancient Greece.
 Khadija Mosque (German: Khadija-Moschee) is a mosque located in Heinersdorf Pankow Berlin. It is the property of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and the first mosque in the former East Germany opening on October 16 2008. The mosque has a 39 feet (12 m) high minaret and can hold 500 worshippers.
 Anderson Hall is a historic building in Gainesville Florida in the northeastern section of the University of Florida campus. On June 27 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It houses the University of Florida's Political Science and Religion departments.
 Elm Street Congregational Church and Parish House is a historic church and parish house on Elm and Franklin Streets in Bucksport Maine.Part or all of the complex was designed by architect Benjamin S. Deane in Greek Revival and Second Empire styles. It was built in 1838.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Matsuyama Castle (松山城 Matsuyama-jō) is a flatland-mountain castle that was built in 1603 on Mount Katsuyama whose height is 132 meters in Matsuyama city in Ehime Prefecture (the former Iyo Province). It is not to be confused with Bitchū Matsuyama Castle.
 St. Ann's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 419 Woodland Street in Nashville Tennessee.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Three Crowns Hotel also Three Crowns Chagford is a historical hotel in Chagford Devon England. The building dates to the 13th century and was several centuries was a manor house before becoming an inn. The hotel noted for its 13th century granite facade has 16 en suite rooms. The hotel has been reported to be haunted since 1643 by Sidney Godolphin a poet who fought as a Cavalier during the English Civil War and is said to stride the corridors in full uniform.
 Rasoi is an Indian restaurant located in London England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Montreal Chest Institute is a health centre in Montreal specializing in respiratory medicine. It is affiliated with the Royal Victoria Hospital and by extension McGill University Health Centre. It is set to move into the new MUHC super-hospital upon completion in 2015.
 The neighborhood of Irvington overlaps Irvington Historic District a historic district in Indianapolis Indiana. Both are in Indianapolis Indiana. The historic district is a 545-acre (221 ha) area that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. That year the district included 2373 contributing buildings 5 other contributing structures and 2 contributing sites.
 His Majesty King Saud Mosque is the largest mosque in the city of Jeddah and is located in Jeddah's Al-Sharafeyyah District.The Mosque was designed by Abdel-Wahed El-Wakil and was finished in 1987. It is mainly build of brick and covers an area of 9700 m² with the prayer hall alone covering 2464 m². The largest dome has a span of 20 meters and reaches a height of 42 meters. The Minaret reaches a height of 60 meters.
 Liberty Farm is a National Historic Landmark at 116 Mower Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The brick house was built in 1810 in a Federal style. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1974. abolitionists and suffragists Abby Kelley Foster and Stephen Symonds Foster owned the house from 1847 to 1883 and refused to pay taxes on the house because of Kelley's lack of suffrage. Paulina Wright Alla Foster was born at Liberty Farm in 1847 the only child that the couple would have.
 Glen Foerd on the Delaware is a historic mansion and estate located in the Torresdale neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania overlooking the Delaware River.The mansion then named Glengarry was built as a summer home about 1850 in the Italianate style by Charles Macalester Jr. a prosperous businessman and banker. In 1893 it was purchased by Robert H. Foerderer a U.S. Congressman and industrialist who gave it its present name.
 The Cyprus Museum (also known as the Cyprus Archaeological Museum) is the oldest and largest archaeological museum in Cyprus.The museum houses artefacts discovered during numerous excavations on the island. The museum is home to the most extensive collection of Cypriot antiquities in the world and is located on Museum Street in central Nicosia. Its history goes hand in hand with the course of modern archaeology (and the Department of Antiquities) in Cyprus.
 The Alexander Thompson House is one of several originally built by members of the Thompson family in Thompson Ridge a hamlet in the Town of Crawford in Orange County New York. It is located like the others along NY 302 just south of the intersection with Thompson Ridge Road.It is split between two different eras. The northeast portion of the house is believed to be part of the original structure. In 1822 however the southeast portion was built in the Federal Style.
 The Aline Barnsdall Hollyhock House is a building in the East Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles California originally designed by Frank Lloyd Wright as a residence for oil heiress Aline Barnsdall built in 1919–1921. The building is now the centerpiece of the city's Barnsdall Art Park.
 The Garrison Apartments at 1325-1327 Peachtree St. NE in Atlanta Georgia were built in 1924. The building was designed by architect Philip T. Shutze in Classical Revival architecture. It has also been known as 1325 Apartments (1926–74) and as Reid House (1974–78). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Valle Vista Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Harlingen Texas off Expressway 83 at the intersection of Dixieland Road and Tyler Avenue. It has 651000 square feet (60500 m2) of gross leasable area. It is anchored by Big Lots Dillard's Forever 21 Gold's Gym J. C. Penney Rack Room Shoes and Sears. The Big Lots was originally a H. J.
 St Mary's Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary the Virgin is a cathedral of the Scottish Episcopal Church in Edinburgh Scotland. It was built in the late 19th century in the West End of Edinburgh's New Town. The cathedral is the see of the Bishop of Edinburgh one of seven bishops within the Episcopal Church which is part of the Anglican Communion. Designed in a Gothic style by Sir George Gilbert Scott the cathedral is now protected as a category A listed building.
 The Rufus Arndt House in Whitefish Bay Wisconsin United States was built in 1925. It was designed by Ernest Flagg and built by the Arnold F. Meyer & Co..Its architecture is described as Cotswold Cottage.
 The Thomas Nichols Putnam House on Main St. in Carrington North Dakota United States is an American Foursquare house with Classical Revival architecture elements that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Thomas Nichols Putnam was an early settler of Carrington. He influenced the community's development through his lumberyard business and in many other ways.
 The Bent County Courthouse and Jail of Bent County Colorado at 725 Carson Ave. in Las Animas was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976; the listing included two contributing buildings.The courthouse building was built and furnished for a total of $58429 during 1886-1889.
 Blankenship Farm is a historic home and barn located near Ellett Montgomery County Virginia. The farmhouse was built about 1929 and is a three-bay two-story brick hipped roofed American Foursquare-style dwelling. Also on the property is a contributing fourteen-sided frame barn on a poured concrete foundation. It has a concrete floor and is sided with German or novelty weatherboard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Lehman's Port Royal Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Port Royal in Turbett Township Juniata County Pennsylvania. It is a Double Burr Arch truss bridge and was built in 1888. It measures 107-foot-long (33 m) and has vertical siding windows at eave level and a gable roof. It was damaged during Hurricane Agnes in 1972 and subsequently rebuilt.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Riegersburg Castle is a medieval castle situated on a dormant volcano above the town of Riegersburg in the Austrian state of Styria. The castle is owned by the Princely Family of Liechtenstein and contains a museum with changing exhibitions.
 Watts Hospital located in Durham North Carolina was the city's first hospital operating between 1895 and 1976.The hospital opened in 1895 funded entirely by George W. Watts as a private 22-bed modern hospital dedicated to the care of Durham's white citizens and offered free care to those unable to pay. The hospital became public in 1953 and closed 1976 when Durham County General Hospital opened.
 Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital Shillong or KJP Hospital (Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Hospital) is one of the oldest medical Centres in Meghalaya. This century old Christian institution was founded by Dr. Hughes Gordon Roberts and is located in the city of Shillong in the north east of India.
 The V3 Tower is a 39-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The V3 Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.
 The Darrington Unit (DA) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) men's prison located in unincorporated Brazoria County Texas near Sandy Point The unit is along Farm to Market Road 521 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Rosharon and south of Houston. The prison has about 6770 acres (2740 ha) of land. The prison has the Region III Administrative Office of the Windham School District.
 The Kong Lung Store in Kilauea Hawaii was originally built in c.1941 to be the Kilauea Plantation store.
 Alumni Hall at the University of Pittsburgh is a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark [1] that was formerly known as the Masonic Temple in Pittsburgh. Constructed in 1914-1915 it was designed by renowned architect Benno Janssen of Janssen & Abbot Architects. Other buildings in Pittsburgh’s Oakland Cultural District designed by Janssen include the Pittsburgh Athletic Association Mellon Institute and Pitt’s Eberly Hall (which was known as Alumni Hall prior to 1998).
 The Icehotel (styled as ICEHOTEL) is a hotel made from snow and ice each year in the village of Jukkasjärvi in northern Sweden about 17 kilometres (11 mi) from Kiruna in northern Sweden was the world's first ice hotel.After its first opening in 1990 the hotel has been built each year from December to April.The hotel including the chairs and beds is constructed from snow and ice blocks taken from the nearby Torne River.
 The Lakeview Tithing Office also known as the Bunnell Creamery is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Peekskill Downtown Historic District is located in the downtown section of that city in the U.S. state of New York. It includes the 40 acres (160000 m2) along Main Division South Park Bank Brown First and Esther streets and Central and Union avenues near where those streets intersect.
 The Maryland Residence is a private home in Bethesda Maryland United States designed by César Pelli. Completed in 1989 it is one of the few houses by an architect known mainly for his large commercial projects. It takes the form of five small pavilions centrally connected. Pelli has described it as a complex.Pelli began designing the house in 1985 for a client with a family of four. Construction began on the house in 1987 after an existing Colonial Revival home on the lot was demolished.
 The Eastern Promenade (Eastern Prom) is a historic promenade 68.2 acres (27.6 ha) public park and recreation area in Portland Maine. Construction of the Promenade began in 1836 and continued periodically until 1934. The 1.5 miles (2.4 km) park was designed by the Olmstead Brothers design firm and experienced its greatest expansion from the 1880s to the 1910s. The Promenade rings around the Munjoy Hill neighborhood and occupies the farthest eastern portion of Portland's peninsula.
 Altgeld Hall located at 1409 West Green Street in Urbana Illinois on the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) campus was built in 1896-97 and was designed by Nathan Ricker and James McLaren White of the University's architecture department in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building was originally the University Library and received major additions in 1914 1919 1926 and 1956.
 Southold Historic District is a national historic district located at the hamlet of Southold in Suffolk County New York. The district has 86 contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing objects. The majority are residential buildings built either with a heavy timber frame or balloon frame construction and range in date from about 1656 to about 1938.
 The Robert Taylor Ranch is a ranch located on Mandeville Canyon Road in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles California. The ranch was built in 1956 for Waite Phillips and designed by architect Robert Byrd. It is about 112 acres (0.45 km2) large with more than 20000 square feet of living space.American actor Robert Taylor owned the ranch for several years before his death in 1969. The ranch was then purchased by Ken Roberts former owner of the KROQ-FM radio station.
 The Hoboken Land and Improvement Company Building is located in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The building was designed by Charles Fall and was built by Myles Tierney in 1889. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 3 1979. The building housed the offices of the Stevens family real estate holding corporation the Hoboken Land and Improvement Company.
 The Furniture Manufacturing Eco Museum in Tainan (Chinese: 家具產業生態博物館; pinyin: Jiājù Chǎnyè Shēngtài Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Rende District Tainan Taiwan.
 Artsonje Center is a private art museum in Seoul South Korea founded in 1998. The museum aims to provide current and experimental contemporary art to the art world and public with its international exhibitions and educational programs.The museum is located in Sokeuk-dong which is a unique area because of its between ancient cultural museums and the contemporary art movement. The building which was designed by Jong-Sung Kim is made of marble.
 The Urban Rowhouse is an historic residential rowhouse located at 26-32 River Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. These rowhouses were built in 1860 by Frederick Clapp and feature a combination of brick and brownstone masonry but also with some trim made out of wood that has been treated to appear like brownstone. They bear some resemblance to rowhouses built at the same time in Boston's South End.The rowhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Government Hospital of Thoracic Medicine Chennai or Tambaram TB Sanatorium is a major state-owned hospital situated in Chennai India. The hospital is funded and managed by the state government of Tamil Nadu. It was founded in 1928.
 Chatham Windmill is an historic windmill at Chase Park Shattuck Place inChatham Massachusetts.The windmill was built in 1797 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Lost Canyon Cowboy Camp was a line camp operated by the Scorup-Sommerville Cattle Company in what would become Canyonlands National Park Utah. There is little built structure; the site is significant for its in situ artifacts and graffiti located beneath a rock overhang. The shelter was used from 1919 through the late 1960s when the park was established.
 The James L. Coke House also called Waipuna ('springwater' in the Hawaiian language) at 3649 Nuʻuanu Pali Drive in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1934 for Judge James L. Coke who had that year been reappointed Chief Justice of the Hawaii Supreme Court by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Its architecture is significant as an example of the residential work of C.W.
 Kihelkonna St. Michael's Church (Estonian: Kihelkonna Mihkli kirik) sometimes simply Kihelkonna Church is a medieval Lutheran church on Saaremaa island in western Estonia.
 Oakland is a historic home located near Bryantown Charles County Maryland United States. It is a two-story three-bay brick dwelling constructed in the Federal style between 1822 and 1823. About 1880 the Greek Revival entrance and the Italianate front porch were constructed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Northwest Centre is a Retail park located in Moncton New Brunswick Canada. There are several other power centres in the area including Mapleton Shopping Area.
 One Miami is a complex of two adjacent skyscrapers in downtown Miami Florida named One Miami East Tower and One Miami West Tower. It consists of two towers located at the Miami River delta where the river empties into Biscayne Bay. The East Tower is the taller of the two at 460 ft (140 m). It contains 44 floors and was completed in 2005. The West Tower is 449 ft (137 m) tall and contains 45 floors. It too was completed in 2005.
 Charleston Area Medical Center (CAMC) is the name of a complex of hospitals in Charleston West Virginia formed via a merger of previously independent facilities. It is the state's largest hospital.Charleston Area Medical Center is the primary medical facility for the city of Charleston. There is a combined total of 838 staffed beds between three facilities.
 Knollwood is an antebellum historic house at 6411 Kingston Pike in Knoxville Tennessee United States. It is also known as Knollwood Hall Major Reynolds House the Tucker Mansion and Bearden Hill. The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The home and plantation were developed on land purchased from James White the founder of Knoxville. Construction was supervised by Major Robert Reynolds' sister Rebecca while he was serving in the Mexican–American War.
 Massasoit Fire House No. 5 is a historic former fire station located at 83 Freedom Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The building was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey and was built in 1873. This same firm also designed several other extant fire stations in Fall River during this period including the Quequechan No. 1 Anawan No. 6 and Pocasset Firehouse No. 7. The building was originally designed to also contain a police station.
 The Boscolo Exedra Rome is a 5-star luxury hotel in Piazza della Repubblica Rome.The hotel is part of the Italian Boscolo Hotels chain and has since 2013 been a member of the Autograph Collection by Marriott.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Mirin in Paisley dedicated to Saint Mirin the patron saint of Paisley is the mother church of the Catholic Diocese of Paisley and is the seat of the Bishop of Paisley.
 Collins Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in Collins New York in the USA. The prison is located in the south part of Erie County in the Town of Collins. It is co-located with the Gowanda Correctional Facility another medium security prison. Both prisons are located north of Village of Gowanda at the southern end of Erie County.
 The Meeker Hotel dates from 1896 is one of the oldest operating hotels in Colorado. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Poland Railroad Station is an historic train station on Harris Hill and Plain Roads in Poland Maine.The station was built in 1901 by the Maine Central Railroad and added to the National Historic Register in 1980.
 Rock Ledge Ranch Historic Site or the Chambers Ranch is a living history museum (sometimes callad an open-air museum) located in Colorado Springs Colorado United States. Restored buildings and costumed museum guides depict life in the Pikes Peak region in four time periods and in four different households: American Indian life in 1775; an 1860s cabin (Galloway Homestead); an 1880s farm (Chambers Home and Ranch); and a 1907 Edwardian Country Estate.
 San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building is an historic 11-storey 52.8 m (173 ft) skyscraper in downtown Fresno California. The building was completed in 1923 for the San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation that later became the Pacific Gas and Electric Company by chief designer Raymond R. Shaw of the R.F. Felchlin Company. The building is the fourth tallest in the city.
 Château de Lalinde is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Djupadal's House (Swedish: Djupadals herrgård) is a manor house in Blekinge Sweden. It is located in Ronneby Municipality and was built around 1600.
 Zeebroeck Castle is a castle in Nethen municipality of Graven Belgium.
 Les Bains Des Docks (The Bath by the docks) is an Aquatic Center in the city of Le Havre France. It was designed by award winning architectural firm Ateliers Jean Nouvel as part of an effort by Le Havre to revitalize its docks and warehouse district.
 The Signal Tower is a museum in the coastal town of Arbroath Angus Scotland.
 The Roosevelt Point Cottage and Boathouse are located on the Hudson River near the end of River Point Road in Hyde Park New York United States. They were both built around 1860 as part of Rosedale the estate of Isaac Roosevelt grandfather of Franklin D. Roosevelt.Roosevelt's son John who inherited the estate was a champion ice yachter. He stored his craft in the boathouse and his crews would warm up in the cottage.
 The Causeway also known as the Tregaron is a country house estate located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood of Northwest Washington D.C.. The estate was designed by Charles A. Platt and constructed in 1912. The original occupants the Parmelees lived at the estate from its construction until 1940. From 1940 to 1958 it was occupied by Joseph E. Davies who had served as the ambassador for the United States to Luxembourg Belgium and the Soviet Union.
 The Church of São Lourenço (Portuguese: Igreja de São Lourenço) is a Church in the civil parish of Almancil in the municipality of Loulé in the Portuguese Algarve.
 The William Edwards Farmhouse is a historic residence near Cincinnati in the village of Newtown Ohio United States. One of the area's leading early farmhouses it has been designated a historic site.In the early 19th century New Jersey native Isaac Edwards purchased land in the Virginia Military District from other early residents; part of his new property comprised a farm in District Land Grant 427 with an extant log cabin. Here adjacent to Isaac's own property settled his son William.
 Church of the Holy Cross (Croatian: Crkva svetog Križa) is a Croatian Pre-Romanesque Catholic church originating from the 9th century in Nin. According to a theory from an art historian Mladen Pejaković the design has an intentionally unbalanced elliptical form designated to follow the position of the Sun retaining the functionality of a calendar and sundial.
 Marlfield House County Wexford is an Irish country house built in 1852 and was one of the two houses owned by the Earls of Courtown. It was a dower house on the Courtown estate and is a good example of a rural regency style house. Owning two residences was not uncommon for wealthy families during the 19th century and the Stopfords (the family name of the Earls of Courtown) were no exception.
 The Mary Brogan Museum of Arts and Science also known as The Brogan Museum is located at 350 South Duval Street Tallahassee Florida.
 Pleasant Ridge Church (Sod Church) is a historic church in Phillipsburg Kansas.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Pony Express Terminal also known as the B. F. Hastings Bank Building in Sacramento California was the western endpoint of the Pony Express. The building was also the first location of the California Supreme Court. It is now part of the Old Sacramento State Historic Park itself a National Historic Landmark District.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.It is located at 1006 2nd St. (according to NRHP) or at 128-132 J Street (according to HABS) in Sacramento.
 Madzikane Ka Zulu Memorial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Mount Frere in the Alfred Nzo District of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It is situated just a few kilometers north of Mount Frere town on the N2 road.
 The Thomas H. Gale House or simply Thomas Gale House is a house located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The house was designed by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1892 and is an example of his early work. The house was designed by Wright independently while he was still employed by Adler and Sullivan something architect Louis Sullivan forbade. The house is significant because of what it shows about the architect's early development period.
 The Jacobs–Wilson House is a house in Portland Oregon that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 1000 Second Avenue is a 150 m (490 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington. It was completed in 1987 and has 43 floors. Originally known as Key Tower it is the fifteenth tallest building in Seattle as of 2012.
 Harvard Yard is a grassy area of 22.4 acres (9.1 ha) enclosed by fences with 27 gates the oldest part of the Harvard University campus and its historic center and modern crossroads.
 The Lotte World II Hotel was a proposed supertall skyscraper to be constructed next to the Lotte World amusement park shopping and hotel complex in Seoul South Korea that would have risen to 555 m (1821 ft) with 123 floors if completed.
 Dzelzava Manor (Latvian: Dzelzavas muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. It was built in Baroque style and completed in 1767. Damaged by fire in 1905 it was fully restored to its original appearance in 1908 under the guidance of architect Vilhelms Bokslafs. The building currently houses the Dzelzava primary school.
 The Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum in Red Deer Alberta Canada dedicated to the history of sport within the province. It was created in 1957 by the Alberta Amateur Athletic Union (AAAU) and was taken over by Sport Alberta in 19773 when the AAAU ceased operations. It has been maintained by the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame and Museum Society since 1997. The first permanent display for the Hall of Fame was established in Edmonton in 1962.
 St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic frame Episcopal church located at Tulls Corner Somerset County Maryland. Built in 1848 it is a Carpenter Gothic-style church sheathed with beveled-edge board-and-batten siding. Also on the property is a cemetery surrounded by an early-20th century iron fence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Fox Theater in Hutchinson Kansas is an Art Deco theater built in 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Chirnside Park Shopping Centre is the shopping centre located on Kimberly Drive Chirnside Park Melbourne Australia and is owned by GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund. It is situated approximately 32 kilometres east-north-east of the Melbourne CBD. The shopping centre opened in 1979 as a small convenience shopping centre which has grown over the years opening businesses such as Kmart Target Woolworths Coles and Reading Cinemas.
 Mannheim is a historic home and former grist mill located at San Mar Washington County Maryland United States. The house is a 2-story three-bay structure built of roughly coursed local limestone with a one-story stone kitchen wing. Also on the property is a large frame bank barn and a small board-and-batten service kitchen or wash house. Nearby are the remains of a saw mill a large 2 1⁄2-story grist mill.
 For the Roman Catholic Cathedral in Newcastle see St Mary's CathedralFor the Anglican Cathedral in Newcastle Australia see Christ Church Cathedral NewcastleSt Nicholas's Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral in Newcastle upon Tyne England. Its full title is The Cathedral Church of St Nicholas in Newcastle upon Tyne.
 The Preston Hall in Waitsburg Washington is a Classical Revival building built in 1913. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It was designed by Osterman & Siebert.
 St Luke's & Queen Street Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Broughty Ferry on the edge of Dundee Scotland. The church building was completed in 1884 to designs by Edinburgh architect Hippolyte Blanc and is now protected as a category A listed building.
 The First Congregational Church of Blandford (also known locally as the White Church) is a historic church building on North Street in the center of Blandford Massachusetts. The church was built in 1822 by local builder Isaac Damon based on designs he had seen by Charles Bulfinch and Asher Benjamin. The church's pulpit was originally placed near the door so that late arrivals would face the congregation. During renovations this was reversed placing the pulpit at the back of the building.
 The Renville County Courthouse in Mohall North Dakota was built from 1936 to 1937 and dedicated in June 1937. The building was designed in the Moderne style by architect E. W. Molander. The construction was partially funded by the Works Progress Administration and overseen by general contractor Iver Orheim. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The front facade is made of brick with Kettle River sandstone on the parapet.
 The Lex building is a high-rise of government offices in the European Quarter of Brussels (Belgium). It is an annex building of the Council of the European Union (its main building is the Justus Lipsius building) and is located at Rue de la Loi/Wetstraat 145.
 Bethel Church is a historic church in Morning Sun Iowa.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Townhouse Row is a set of seven historic townhouses located at Chambersburg in Franklin County Pennsylvania. They are three-story brick townhouses built starting in the third quarter of the 19th century. They were built following the burning of Chambersburg by the Confederate Army in the American Civil War. Individual townhouses have undergone various additions and modifications after their initial construction.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Church of Christ Swansea (also known as First Christian Congregational Church and Swansea White Church) is an historic church on G. A. R. Hwy./US 6 at Maple Avenue in Swansea Massachusetts.The Greek Revival church building was constructed in 1833 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Bartley-Tweed Farm is a historic farm located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. The property includes three contributing buildings: a stuccoed stone and brick house a frame bank barn built about 1835 and a late 19th-century frame carriage house / granary. The stone section of the house dates to the late-18th century and the brick section to about 1825. The brick section has Federal style details.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 SnoBar Cocktails is a line of alcohol infused ice cream and ice-pops that launched in Arizona on December 9 2011 and are available in liquor stores restaurants and in grocery stores in specially branded freezers. The company founder Eddie Masjedi came up with the idea of alcohol infused ice cream and pops because of his nightly routine with his wife. One night Eddie was preparing a new dessert for is wife and he thought to add alcohol to give it a little kick.
 The Eugene Mall was a car-free zone in the heart of Eugene Oregon designed to encourage pedestrian access to shopping and entertainment areas. Dedicated on February 13 1971 the mall opened amid three days of fanfare and dreams of a revitalized downtown. Conflict over the scope and use of the mall began immediately and continued for 30 years until the last remaining parts of the mall were opened to automobile traffic.
 Eardisland Leominster Herefordshire HR6 9DN United Kingdomnot to be confused with the park in Chelsea London Burton’s CourtBurton Court is a Grade II* listed English country manor house in the Parish of Eardisland southwest of Leominster Herefordshire England. The manor dates to at least the 11th century and the current house to the early 14th and 18th century. It lies along the A44 road about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Eardisland in the northern part of the hamlet of Lower Burton.
 Rich Mountain is a historic home and farm complex located at Frederick Frederick County Maryland United States. It is on the remaining 10-acre (40000 m2) tract from the original farm. The complex consists of a stone dwelling dating from 1810-1820 with a one-story kitchen wing; a 19th-century frame Pennsylvania barn; and a hog barn wagon shed / corn crib equipment shed and chicken coop.
 The Luther Tower was built in 1978 as a 22 story residential tower with 195 located in Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. It is operated by LutherCare Communities housing and consists of 195 one-bedroom suites providing senior care.LutherCare Communities is a non-profit organization associated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada that operates senior retirement facilities.
 Tunstall Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 Matthew Lowber House is a historic home located at Magnolia Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1774 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling with a two bay frame addition added about 1855. The interior has excellent panelling the original wide floor boards and a winding enclosed stairway.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Judge Nathan S. Roberts House is a historic home located at Canastota in Madison County New York. It was built about 1820 and is distinguished example of the Federal style. It is the oldest surviving building in Canastota.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The New York Yacht Club is a private social club and yacht club based in New York City and Newport Rhode Island. It was founded in 1844 by nine prominent sportsmen. The members have contributed to the sport of yachting and yacht design. The organization has over 3000 members as of 2011. Membership in the club is by invitation only. Its officers include a Commodore vice-commodore rear-commodore secretary and treasurer.
 Samuel Rich House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County New York. It was originally built in 1816 as a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed frame dwelling in the rural vernacular building tradition. It was substantially enlarged in 1832 with the addition of an elegant 2-story five-bay Federal style hipped roof main block.
 The SOWEGA Building or Southwest Georgia Melon Growers Association Building (also known as The Watermelon Building) in Adel Georgia is a building from 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Headwaters Science Center is a hands-on science center located in Bemidji Minnesota.
 The Badshahi Mosque or (Urdu: بادشاہی مسجد‎) or in Persian Padshahi Masjed means the 'Imperial Mosque' in Lahore commissioned by the sixth Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb in 1671 and completed in 1673 is the second largest mosque in Pakistan and South Asia and the fifth largest mosque in the world.
 Government Center is an area of Downtown Newark that is named for the presence of government buildings centered around a plaza known as Federal Square.The district is just south of Four Corners on the east side of Broad Street and the Prudential Center and north of Newark Symphony Hall and the The Coast neighborhood. To the west near Mulberry Street is the area that at one time was Newark's Chinatown. and host to restaurants serving the district and the sports center.
 Lesko Synagogue is a synagogue in Lesko Poland. The synagogue had functioned as a place of worship until World War II.
 German Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Mark is a historic church and synagogue building at 323 E. 6th Street in New York New York. The Renaissance style church building was built in 1847 by the Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Matthew which first rented it to St. Marks and subsequently sold it to them in 1857. Much of the church membership was killed in the 1904 General Slocum disaster. In 1940 the church was converted to the Community Synagogue Max D. Raiskin Center.
 The Row is a set of historic homes located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It consists of three contiguous mid-19th century vernacular houses and their associated outbuildings. The houses were built between about 1845 and 1850 and each is of heavy wood frame construction on a coursed rubble limestone foundation. The outbuildings are two privys and a carriage barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Palermo Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palermo located in Palermo Sicily southern Italy. As an architectural complex it is characterized by the presence of different styles due to a long history of additions alterations and restorations the last of which occurred in the 18th century.
 The Beth Eden Chapel is located in Brooklin Maine. It was built in 1900 and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Oriental Theatre is a theater located at 24 West Randolph Street in the Loop area of downtown Chicago Illinois. Opened in 1926 as a deluxe movie palace today the Oriental is operated by Broadway In Chicago a subsidiary of the Nederlander Organization. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as New Masonic Building and Oriental Theater.
 The John Adams Tower also known as John Adams Hall is a skyscraper in Amherst Massachusetts that is built in the modernist style. It is named after former vice president and President of the United States John Adams. It is part of the Southwest Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. When built it was known as the Southwest (South) Dormitory I. The building is among the five tallest dorms at the university and the UMass system.
 Mortimer Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. The district encompasses 21 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure. The district is composed entirely of early 20th century residences the majority of which are Colonial Revival and Tudor Revivalstyle.
 St. Andrew's Blackrock is a Presbyterian church on Mount Merrion Avenue Blackrock County Dublin. The Blackrock parish was established in 1895 and the church was opened in 1899. Its sister church is St. Andrew's of Bray.
 Union Church is a historic church on South Main Street in South Wolfeboro New Hampshire.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Luke’s is a 532-bed hospital in Cedar Rapids Iowa. It was founded in 1884 as Cedar Rapids’ first hospital and is now one of two hospitals in Cedar Rapids the other being Mercy Medical Center. St. Luke’s emergency department treats over 55000 patients each year and the most cases of trauma in Iowa. This has led to a partnership with the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics for training future ER doctors.
 The Capt. George Raabe House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 1.5-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1902 it was added to the register in 1989.The house which combines elements of the American Craftsman Shingle and Colonial Revival architectural styles was home to Captain George Raabe who piloted steamships on the Columbia and Willamette rivers for the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company (OR&N).
 The JW Marriott Hotel Shanghai is a flagship hotel of the Marriott Group in Shanghai China.
 The Fine Art and Ceramic Museum (Indonesian: Museum Seni Rupa dan Keramik is a museum in Jakarta Indonesia. The museum is dedicated especially to the display of traditional fine art and ceramics of Indonesia. The museum is located in east side of Fatahillah square near Jakarta History Museum and Wayang Museum.
 University Hospital in London Ontario is a large teaching hospital affiliated with the Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry named for Seymour Schulich through the The University of Western Ontario. It is part of the London Health Sciences Centre.
 Blenheim is a historic home and farm complex located at Blenheim Albemarle County Virginia. The main house was built in 1846 and is a 1 1/2-story six bay gable-roofed frame building with Gothic Revival and Greek Revival style details. It has an ell at the rear of the west end. The front facade features a pair of one-story tetrastyle porches with pairs of Doric order piers.
 St John the Evangelist's Church is the Church of England parish church of Burgess Hill West Sussex England. It is a Gothic Revival church built of local bricks. It was consecrated in 1863 and was the town's firsth Church of England church. Since then it has administered several other churches in the town as either mission chapels or daughter churches but all have either closed or been given their own parishes. The church is a Grade II* Listed Building.
 W Hotel is an under construction hotel in Dubai Festival City in Dubai. The W hotel will have 350 rooms restaurants a spa and a festival Centre. When completed it will the Middle East's first W brand hotel. The construction has been delayed and the hotel is expected to be completed in 2014. The hotel will be operated by the W brand of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide.
 Sunnyslope also known as Bright Temple A.M.E. Church is a historic home located in Hunts Point in the South Bronx in New York City. It was built about 1860 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Gothic Revival–style house built in the Picturesque mode. In 1919 it was sold to Temple Beth Elohim and later became home to an African Methodist Episcopal congregation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Atlantic Grill is a seafood restaurant located at 1341 Third Avenue (between East 76th Street and East 77th Street) on the Upper East Side in New York City.The 220-seat restaurant opened in 1998. It specializes in fish dishes and is noted for its by-the-glass wine list.The restaurant's wood and chrome bar is lined with photographs by Jacques-Henri Lartigue of the French Riviera. The main dining room has brown velour Hollywood booths and ecru chairs.The restaurant is owned by Steven Hudson.
 University Mall previously University Square Mall is located near the University of South Florida just north of the city limits of Tampa on Fowler Avenue; a major eight (8) lane east-west corridor. Property located just east of I-275 a major north/south interstate serving Tampa and counties to the north.
 St Paul's Church Constable Lee is located in Burnley Road Constable Lee Rawtenstall Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Rossendale the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Rider Tavern (also Rider's Hotel or Old North Charlton Inn) is an historic tavern in the Northside Village Historic District of Charlton Massachusetts. The tavern now a large three story wood frame building was built c. 1797 and was for many years an important stop on the stagecoach road.
 The Village of Rochester Hills is an upscale retail lifestyle center located in Rochester Hills Michigan a suburb on the northern outskirts of Metro Detroit. Built in 2002 the center replaced a former enclosed shopping mall called Meadowbrook Village Mall. The Village of Rochester Hills features more than fifty inline tenants as well as two anchor stores: a Carson's department store and a Whole Foods Market.
 The Thomas H. Hoatson House now known as the Laurium Manor Inn is a house located at 320 Tamarack Street in Laurium Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. At 13000 square feet (1200 m2) it is the largest mansion in the western Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
 Overbrook School is a historic school building located in the Overbrook neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1905-1907 and is a two-story nine bay brick building faced with granite in the Colonial Revival-style. It sits on a raised basement. An eight bay addition designed by Henry deCourcy Richards was built in 1913-1914. It features a sightly projecting front gable.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory was a street organ organ manufacturing company and building located in North Tonawanda New York. Started by expatriate German Eugene de Kleist with backing from Allan Herschell the company was later purchased by the Wurlitzer company.
 The Ward-Nasse Gallery is a nonprofit artist-administered art gallery space for visual spoken and performing artists in New York City.
 D'Youville Academy is a historic school building and nunnery located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built about 1878 and is a 2 1⁄2-story cruciform plan brick structure on a raised stone foundation. The facade features a rounded 2-story bay a five gable roof dormer and Mansard roof. The Academy was founded in 1860 and operated by the Gray Nuns of Ottawa founded by Saint Marie-Marguerite d'Youville (1701-1771).
 Argent Apartments is a historic apartment house located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1895 and is a rectangular three story frame building covered by a slate mansard roof and clapboard sheathing. At the corners are three story towers with open galleries. It features two tiered porches with turned posts and balustrades.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Cathedral of San Cristóbal de La Laguna or Catedral de Nuestra Señora de los Remedios (Santa Iglesia Catedral de San Cristóbal de La Laguna in Spanish) is a Catholic cathedral in Tenerife Spain. Begun in 1904 and completed in 1915 it is dedicated to the Virgin of Los Remedios (patron of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Cristóbal de La Laguna).
 The Robert E. Lee Boyhood Home is an historic house at 607 Oronoco Street Alexandria Virginia. It should not be confused with the Lee-Fendall House which is located at 614 Oronoco St.
 The Nathaniel S. Wheeler House is a private residence located at 7075 M-50 (known locally as West Monroe Street) just north of the village of Onsted in rural Cambridge Township in Lenawee County Michigan.
 Piel Castle also known as Fouldry Castle or the Pile of Fouldray is a castle situated on the south-eastern point of Piel Island off the coast of the Furness Peninsula in north-west England. Built in the early-14th century by John Cockerham the Abbot of neighbouring Furness Abbey it was intended to oversea the trade through the local harbour and to protect against Scottish raids.
 The Tiffany-Leonard House (also known as The Southbridge News building) is a historic house at 25 Elm Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The 2 story brick Greek Revival building was built circa 1832 for Bella Tiffany a business partner of mill owner Samuel Slater and a local politician. By 1855 the house was owned by Manning Leonard in whose hands it remained until late in the 19th century.
 The James F. D. Lanier Residence also known as the James F. D. and Harriet Lanier House is an historic house located at 123 East 35th Street between Park and Lexington Avenues in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 The Bikur Cholim Synagogue on Iranistan Avenue in Bridgeport Connecticut was built in 1894. It includes Shingle Style architecture. It has also been known as Rodeph Sholom as First Christian Church (Christ's Disciples) as South Congregational Church Mission and as Metamorphosis.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 128 East Adams Street in Sandusky Ohio in the United States is an historic structure that on October 20 1982 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The building is now Emmanuel Temple Church.
 The Galleria at White Plains is a large enclosed urban shopping mall located in the downtown area of White Plains New York a commercial and residential suburb 20 miles (32 km) north of New York City. Built in 1980 by Cadillac Fairview a Canadian developer the 900000-square-foot (84000 m2) four-level mall is located on two large city blocks of former urban renewal land.
 Yuchi Town Site or Yuchi Town is a late prehistoric and historic era archaeological site showing occupation of both the Apalachicola and of Yuchi tribes. The site is located in a remote area of Fort Benning Russell County Alabama. The Yuchi Town Site is an example of historic Native American cultures adopting various strategies to maintain their cultural integrity in the face of European colonization and the expansion of the United States.
 Oak Grove is a historic plantation home located near Altavista Campbell County Virginia. It was built in stages between the 1750s and 1833. The oldest section is a two-story dog-trot log structure built around 1750. The house was enlarged in 1784 and completed around 1833 by adding a west wing. It is a two-story three bay structure containing a large hall and a parlor on the first floor and a stair hall and two bedrooms on the second in the Federal style.
 't Nonnetje is a restaurant in Harderwijk Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the periods 2004-2007 and 2009-present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.The head chef of 't Nonnetje is Michel van der Kroft who joined the restaurant in 2006 after he left De Kersentuin. He took over from Omar Dahak who had earned the Michelin star in 2004.
 Sampson House is a commercial office building in Hopton Street Southwark London United Kingdom.
 UCL Partners is an academic health science centre located in London United Kingdom.
 Town Point also known as Kingston-upon-Hull and Logan's Lane is a historic home located at Dover Kent County Delaware. It was built in three sections with the earliest dated to about 1677. The oldest section is a brick three bay structure consisting of two rooms and a center hall. A one-story brick kitchen wing was added to the original section at an early date.
 North Stoke Church rededicated in 2007 to St Mary the Virgin after its medieval dedication was unexpectedly rediscovered is a former Church of England parish church in the riverside hamlet of North Stoke in the Horsham District of West Sussex. The partly 11th-century cruciform building set in an almost deserted village in a loop of the River Arun is mostly unrestored and stands on an ancient earthwork which has pre-Christian origins.
 The Kaiser Engineering Building also called the Raymond Kaiser Engineering Building is a high-rise located in downtown Oakland California. It has 25 stories and stands at 336 feet (102 m) tall.
 Altamonte Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Altamonte Springs Florida United States a suburb of Orlando. One of the larger malls in the area the mall has around 160 stores and four anchors. The mall was built in 1974 and renovated in 1989 and 2003-2004.[citation needed]Notable tenants are Abercrombie and Fitch Banana Republic Coach Inc. Apple Inc. Pandora Jewelry and New York and Company.
 Red House Presbyterian Church (also known as Hugh McAden Gravesite or Red House Church) is a historic church at 13409 NC 119 N in Semora North Carolina.The Classical Revival church building was constructed in 1781 with an adjacent cemetery. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Houses At 16-22 East Lee Street is a block of historic homes located at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. They area group of five 2 1⁄2-story frame rowhouses. The buildings rest on brick and stone foundations and have two inner open passageways leading from the street to the rear elevations.
 St. Helena's Church West Leake is a parish church in the Church of England in West Leake Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest. The grade II listed lychgate is possibly by architect Temple Moore.
 Asiate is a New American/Asian restaurant located in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel on the 35th floor of 80 Columbus Circle (West 60th Street at Broadway) in Manhattan in New York City.It opened in December 2003. The Executive Chef is Toni Robertson.
 St. James Chapel is a historic chapel on the east side of Main Street(Suffolk CR 68) 250 feet north of Stony Brook Lane in Stony Brook Suffolk County New York. The church was built in 1889 and is a gable roofed frame building of rectangular plan clad in wood shingles. It features an open octagonal bell tower cross gables and an open arcaded porch. It was designed by noted architect Stanford White.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Oakwood Cemetery Chapel is a historic chapel on Arbor Street in Allegan Michigan.It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Building at 34 Choate Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1893 and is a two story gable roofed brick single family residence with original trim and front porch still intact. It has a one story shed roofed frame rear wing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Fort Dobbs was an 18th-century fort in the Yadkin–Pee Dee River Basin region of the Province of North Carolina near what is now Statesville in Iredell County. Used for frontier defense during and after the French and Indian War the fort was built to protect the British settlers of the western portion of what was then Rowan County and served as a vital outpost for soldiers traders and colonial officials.
 The Elks National Home is a retirement home and national historic district located at Bedford Virginia. It was built in 1916 by the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks who first started the home in 1903. The Elks National Home historic district includes 23 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites 1 contributing structure and 2 contributing objects.The Elks Home is popular locally for the large display of Christmas decorations it puts up each year.
 The Cathedral of the Incarnation is an Episcopal church in Garden City New York and the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island. The Cathedral was established in 1876 as a memorial to and mausoleum for Garden City founder Alexander Turney Stewart. The building is a classic imposing example of Gothic architecture with its high main tower and dozens of finials.The Cathedral is user- and family-friendly welcoming people of all ages and creeds to participate in worship.
 The Museo del Concorde was a museum located in Ciudad Juárez Chihuahua México dedicated to and housing parts of the Franco-British supersonic airliner Concorde which was retired in 2003. The museum was in operation from 2004 to 2013.
 The Berkshire Museum is a museum of natural history art and ancient civilization that is located in Pittsfield Berkshire County Massachusetts United States.In 1903 Berkshire Museum founder Zenas Crane inspired by such institutions as the American Museum for Natural Science the Smithsonian and the Metropolitan Museum of Art decided to blend the best attributes of these establishments in a new museum for the people of Western Massachusetts.
 Da Vinci is a restaurant in Maasbracht in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star for the period 1999-2008. From 2008 to present it is awarded two stars. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 17.0 points (out of 20).The restaurant is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise a Dutch/Belgian culinary association of quality restaurants and the Confrérie de la Chaîne des Rôtisseurs.
 St. Joseph's Church (Indonesian: Gereja Santo Yosef) is a catholic church in Semarang. It is the first Roman Catholic church building in Semarang. It is located at the east side of Jalan Ronggowarsito no. 9-11.
 The Élysée Palace (French: Palais de l'Élysée pronounced: [pa.lɛ d(ə) le.li.ze]) is the official residence of the President of the French Republic containing his office and is where the Council of Ministers meets. It is located near the Champs-Élysées in the 8th arrondissement of Paris the name Élysée deriving from Elysian Fields the place of the blessed dead in Greek mythology.Important foreign visitors are hosted at the nearby Hôtel de Marigny a palatial residence.
 The B.B. Kirkland Seed and Distributing Company is a three story historic warehouse building at 912 Lady Street in Columbia South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Petrelë Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Petrelës) is a castle in Petrelë central Albania. Its history dates back to Justinian I.The castle of Petrelë has a rich history containing a tower which was built in the 6th century AD.It is one of the tourist locations close to Tirana that attracts a great number of visitors. The Castle the prominent wooden structure is a restaurant is perched on a rocky hill above the village with the same name. It has a triangular shape with two observation towers.
 Montreal's New York Life Insurance Building (also known as the Quebec Bank Building) was erected in 1887-1889. Located at Place d'Armes in what is now known as Old Montreal it was the tallest commercial building in Montreal at the time. The first eight floors were designed for retail office space though were quickly rented by the city's best lawyers and financiers.
 The Amelia Island Museum of History is located at 233 South Third Street Fernandina Beach Florida. It houses exhibits focusing on the history of Nassau County Florida and is situated inside the old Nassau county jail. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 18 2009.
 Torre Mapfre is a skyscraper in the Port Olímpic (Olympic Port) the maritime neighborhood of the Old City of Barcelona in Spain.
 The Main Library also known as the Erie Public Library combines elements of the Beaux Arts Classicism and Second Renaissance Revival styles of architecture. Both were commonly used at the end of the nineteenth century to convey the importance of public buildings. The building features arched openings a prominent cornice swag and garland decorations and a roofline balustrade. It is clad in Pompeian red brick.
 The Hamilton Wood Type and Printing Museum was founded in 2000 and is located in Two Rivers Wisconsin USA. The museum is run by the Two Rivers Historical Society. It is dedicated to the preservation study production and printing of wood type used in letterpress printing. The museum is located in a factory building of the Hamilton Manufacturing Company founded in 1880 by J.E. Hamilton. The museum has a collection of over 1.5 million pieces in more than 1000 styles of wood type.
 William Black Homestead is a historic home located at New Cumberland in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1776 and consists of a 2 1/2-story 3-bay fieldstone main section with a gable roof and a 1-story kitchen wing. The house was restored in 1960. A large one-story frame wing was added in 1975 containing modern amenities.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Ocean House is a large Victorian hotel located in Watch Hill Rhode Island. Watch Hill is a small fire district located in the town of Westerly within Washington County. At the time of its closing the hotel was 152165 square feet (14136.6 m2) large. It was the last remaining water front Victorian Era hotel on mainland Rhode Island.[citation needed]
 Olympia 66 is a retail building in the Xigang District of Dalian China designed by Aedas which began construction in 2011. Dalian located in Liaoning Province in Northeast China is a major port and tourist destination.Olympia 66 is located on Wusi Lu which is one of the main commercial avenues in Dalian. When completed in 2015 Olympia 66 will have 221900 square meters of shopping dining and entertainment space.This shopping complex is adjacent to Dalian Olympic Square.
 Dovre Church is a timber church located in Dovre in Oppland county Norway. The church was built in 1736 and was later covered with slate. The pulpit was carved by Lars Pinnerud.
 The Old Masonic Temple is a historic building located in Marshall Minnesota. Built in 1917 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 (under the name Masonic Temple Delta Lodge No. 119). Delta Lodge No. 119 no longer meets in the building.
 Holy Trinity Church Brathay is located in Bog Lane in the village of Brathay Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. The building has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Egyptian Geological Museum is a museum in Cairo Egypt. The museum was established in 1904 as part of the Egyptian Geological Survey which had been started in 1896 under the direction of the Khedive Ismail. The museum was the first of its kind in the Middle East and the African continent.
 Sterrenberg Castle (German: Burg Sterrenberg) is a castle above the village of Kamp-Bornhofen in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.
 Feuchtwanger Stable is a historic stable building located in Fort Greene Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1888 in the Romanesque Revival style. It is a three story brick structure trimmed with stone and terra cotta. The first floor features three wide round arches that once served as entrances for horses.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Marlborough Village Historic District is a national historic district located in East Marlborough Township and Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 21 contributing buildings and 2 contributing site in the crossroads community of Marlborough Village.
 The Whipple-Angell-Bennett House is an historic colonial house at 157 Olney Avenue in North Providence Rhode Island.The farm house was built in 1767 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Overton Hygienic Building is a Chicago Landmark and part of the Black Metropolis-Bronzeville District in the Douglas community area of Chicago Illinois. It is located at 3619-3627 South State Street.The building was commissioned by Anthony Overton in 1922 as a combination of a store office and manufacturing building. Overton would later commission the Chicago Bee Building in 1929. It was regarded as one of the most important buildings within the district.
 The Downtown Cohoes Historic District takes up 35 acres (14 ha) of the city of Cohoes New York United States. Many of the 165 contributing properties date from the 1820-1930 period when the Erie Canal and Harmony Mills were the mainstay of the city's economy. It was recognized as a historic district and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The McAllister Covered Bridge is a Burr Arch structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton and Son in 1914. It is 144 feet (44 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 14 feet (4.3 m) high.
 The William H. Yawkey Boathouse is located in Hazelhurst Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Carnegie Public Library also known as Cabell County Public Library is a historic library building located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1902-1903 in the Beaux-Arts style. It is two stories with a raised basement and has smooth gray ashlar walls. It features a pedimented central front pavilion with paired Ionic order columns on its portico. The interior was renovated in the 1930s. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919.
 The Elks Club in Marianna Arkansas also known as Community House was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Etfal Hospital Clock Tower or Children’s Hospital Clock Tower (Turkish: Etfal Hastanesi Saat Kulesi) is a clock tower situated in the garden of the Hamidiye Etfal Hospital (now Şişli Etfal Hospital) in the Şişli district of İstanbul Turkey at the European side of Bosphorus. It was ordered by the Ottoman sultan Abdülhamid II (reigned 1876–1909) and constructed by the architect Mehmet Şükrü Bey.The 20 m (66 ft) tall structure is made of marble and fine Hereke stone.
 Lady Meredith House is located at 1110 Pine Avenue West at the corner of Peel Street in what is today known as the Golden Square Mile Montreal Quebec. It is currently owned by McGill University. The house was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada November 16 1990.
 Our Lady of Mt. Lebanon-St. Peter Cathedral is a Maronite Catholic cathedral located in Los Angeles California United States. It is the seat of the Eparchy of Our Lady of Lebanon of Los Angeles along with St. Raymond Cathedral in St. Louis Missouri.
 St. Patrick Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of El Paso Texas. The cathedral is located at 1118 N. Mesa Street north of the downtown area. It is the mother church for 668000 Catholics in the diocese (as of the 2006 survey). The cathedral parish operates one of El Paso's Catholic high schools Cathedral High School and St Patrick Elementary School adjacent to the church.
 Langley Abbey was an abbey of Premonstratensian Canons in Langley Green now in the civil parish of Langley with Hardley Norfolk England.There are remains of the church and barn as well as earthworks of other buildings and fish ponds. The site was partially restored and opened to the public to a museum in 2010. It is a Grade I listed building.
 The Cook Carillon Tower is a 10-story-tall carillon-clock tower located in the center of the Grand Valley State University-Allendale campus in Allendale Michigan. The tower and carillon were built in 1994 with help from generous donations by Peter C. and Pat Cook for which it is named.
 Mount Hope is a historic home located at Falls Church Virginia. It was built in the 1840s as a 1 1/2-story frame I-house dwelling. It was enlarged to two stories in the 1850s. It consists of three parts: a frame dwelling built about 1830 with Greek Revival style decorative details; a 2 1/2-story 3-bay High Victorian brick dwelling built in 1869; and a 1-bay brick section that joins the two.
 Station Hill is a road and proposed redevelopment project in Reading Berkshire England.
 The Military Heritage & Aviation Museum is located at Fishermen's Village 1200 West Retta Esplanade Unit 48 Punta Gorda Florida. It houses exhibits on U.S. and Florida's military heritage and features military artifacts and memorabilia dating back to the Spanish American War many donated by local Veteran retirees.
 The Peabody Institute Library is a historic library on Main Street in Peabody Massachusetts. It was established in 1854 by a bequest from philanthropist and Peabody native George Peabody. The two story brick building is an Italianate style building that at one time had a three story tower on its rear left corner but that has been removed.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Exercise Conant House (also the Reverend John Chipman House) is a historic First Period house at 634 Cabot Street in Beverly Massachusetts. Most of this 2.5 story wood frame house was built after 1715 for the Reverend John Chipman and contains many fine Georgian features. Attached to its north side is a two story single-room ell that dates to c.
 The McDonald Smith Building is a heritage building in the town of Fremantle Western Australia. The building dates from the gold rush boom period in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century and is a place of historic significance in the port city of Fremantle.The property was originally the site of a cottage c.1860 constructed by Francis Henry Vincent (1797-1870) a former superintendent at Rottnest.
 Sinagoga Shaare Sedek (Hebrew: שערי צדק‎) is an Orthodox synagogue in Barranquilla Colombia. It was established by Sephardic Jewish immigrants in the beginning of the 20th century.
 Itton Court is a country house in Itton St. Arvans Monmouthshire. Of medieval origins additions and alterations were made from the 18th to the 20th centuries. From the 18th until the mid-20th century it was the home of the Curre family major landowners who purchased the estate in 1749. It is a Grade II* listed building. The Court is now divided into separate apartments.
 First Baptist Church East Thomas is a historic church at 419 11th Court West in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Thalsevana Holiday Resort is a holiday resort on the northern coast of Sri Lanka near the town of Kankesanthurai. Formerly Kankesanthurai Rest House it was taken over by the Sri Lankan military during the civil war. After the civil war the military renovated the buildings and turned them into a holiday resort.
 The Mann House is a historic home in Concord Michigan. It is a Michigan State Historic Site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been operated as a museum since 1970.
 Lawton's Mill (also known as Albro Mill) is a historic mill located on Ten Rod Road in Exeter Rhode Island. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 27 1980.
 The Central High School Neighborhood Historic District comprises the area in Little Rock Arkansas surrounding Little Rock Central High School. The area was designated to provide historic context to the National Historic Landmark school. It includes the restored Magnolia Gas Station which was a staging area for the media during the school integration crisis of 1957 and which until recently served as the National Park Service visitor center.
 Tuğrul Tower (also transliterated Toghrul Tughrol or Tughrul) is a 12th-century monument located in the city of Rey Iran. Tuğrul Tower is near Rashkan castle.The 20 meters tall brick tower is the tomb of Seljuk ruler Tuğrul Beg who died in Rey in 1063. Originally like other monuments of its time it was capped by a conical dome (گنبد gonbad) which would have added to its height. The dome collapsed during an earthquake.The thickness of the walls varies from 1.75 to 2.75 meters.
 Mingus Lookout Complex is a fire tower lookout complex in Prescott National Forest in Arizona. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Eugene V. Debs House on the campus of Indiana State University in Terre Haute Indiana was a home of union leader Eugene V. Debs. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.Eugene V. Debs and his wife Kate built the two-story frame house in 1890 after their fifth wedding anniversary. Debs was criticized for the house not portraying working-class lifestyle; his wife was a beneficiary of her wealthy aunt's will and could furnish the house affluently.
 St Arild's Church Oldbury-on-the-Hill is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Oldbury-on-the-Hill Gloucestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is dedicated to Arilda a female saint who was a virgin and a martyr. This is one of only two churches dedicated to her the other being nearby at Oldbury-on-Severn.
 Greenbelt is a shopping mall located at Ayala Center Makati City Metro Manila Philippines which is just near Glorietta and SM Makati. It is owned by Ayala Malls a real-estate subsidiary of Ayala Land which is an affiliate of Ayala Corporation. It opened in the 1980s and it is one of Ayala Corporation's flagship projects. The mall offers a mix of high-end retail shops restaurants amenities leisure and entertainment in the Philippines.
 The Cascades Female Factory a former Australian workhouse for female convicts in the penal colony of Van Diemen's Land is located in Hobart Tasmania.
 The Lane Place was the home of Henry S. Lane (1811- 1881) and Joanna Lane (1826-1914). It is located at 212 South Water Street in Crawfordsville Indiana. Helen Elston Smith the Lanes' niece inherited the house after Joanna's death. She willed the house and its contents to the Montgomery County Historical Society on February 26 1931. 85%-90% of all of the furnishings are either original to the house or belonged to the Elston Family.
 Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in Pittsburgh referred to in Polish as Kościół Matki Boskiej is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh one of the city's oldest and largest churches. Located on Polish Hill in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania it is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral' style of churches in both its opulence and grand scale.
 Strömpilen is a shopping centre in Umeå Sweden. It is located next to the Ume River.
 Casa del Rey the King's House is a historic place in the town of Dorado in Puerto Rico. It is also known as Cuartel de la Guardia de Milicias Parador or Carcel Municipal.It was constructed as a parador or inn about 1823. The building the oldest in town provided housing for Spanish government personnel and also served as the regional military headquarters.In 1848 Jacinto López purchased the structure.
 Krasiczyn Castle (Polish: Zamek w Krasiczynie) is a Renaissance structure in Krasiczyn Poland located on a lowland on the right bank of the San along the route Przemyśl-Sanok (about 10 kilometres southwest of the city of Przemysl). The castle across the centuries belonged to several noble Polish families and was visited by many Polish kings. Together with a picturesque garden it now belongs to the Industrial Development Agency (Polish: Agencja Rozwoju Przemyslu S.A.).
 Sky City (Chinese: 天空城市; pinyin: tiānkōng chéngshì) or Sky City One is an 838 m (2749 ft) tall planned skyscraper in the city of Changsha Hunan in south-central China. The project is currently undergoing environmental assessment. The prospective builders Broad Sustainable Building estimated it would take just 90 days to construct but this is not counting 120 days of prefabrication before on-site work commences; the total schedule is 210 days.
 Jigrashen Avetyats Church (Armenian: Ջիգրաշեն Ավետյաց եկեղեցի; Russian: Церковь Джиграшен св. Аветьяц) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi Georgia. It was destroyed in 1937-38 by order of Lavrentiy Beria along with 10 other churches in Tbilisi.
 The Caledonian Estate is a Grade II listed early Edwardian estate towards the northern end of the Caledonian Road in Islington London. It is situated next to Pentonville Prison. The Estate was built on the site of the classical Caledonian Asylum from which the Road took its name. Pevsner describes the building as having been constructed between 1900 and 1907 though English Heritage describes it as having been built between 1904 and 1906.
 North Burial Ground is a historic cemetery located on North Main Street between Brightman and Cory Streets in Fall River Massachusetts. The cemetery was established in 1810 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is the oldest city-owned cemetery in Fall River. The cemetery features a fieldstone gatehouse built about 1890 and an Egyptian Revival receiving tomb built in 1849 from local Fall River granite.
 Foord & Massey Furniture Company Building is a historic warehouse and showroom located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1917 and 1919 and is a five-story five bay by four bay brick commercial building. It has Collegiate Gothic Revival elements one of the few commercial buildings in the immediate area designed in this style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Rutherford County Courthouse in Rutherfordton North Carolina is a Renaissance style building from 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Her Majesty's Prison Maze (known colloquially as Maze Prison The Maze The H Blocks or Long Kesh) was a prison in Northern Ireland that was used to house paramilitary prisoners during the Troubles from mid-1971 to mid-2000.It was situated at the former Royal Air Force station of Long Kesh on the outskirts of Lisburn. This was in the townland of Maze about nine miles (14 km) southwest of Belfast.
 Ranch A near Beulah Wyoming was built as a vacation retreat for newspaper publisher Moses Annenberg. The original log ranch structures in Sand Creek Canyon were designed in the rustic style by architect Ray Ewing. The principal building a large log lodge was built in 1932. Other buildings constructed at the time included a garage with an upstairs apartment a barn a hydroelectric power plant stone entrance arches and a pump house.
 The Arthur VanderSys House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1926 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 Second United Presbyterian Church (also known as La Segunda Iglesia Presbyteriana Unida ; Second Church) is a historic Presbyterian church at 812 Edith Boulevard NE in Albuquerque New Mexico.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Davis Block located in north Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Edward McGovern Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1880 and is a 2 1/2-story red brick building. It is six bays by three bays and has a moderate pitched slate covered gable roof with gabled dormers. Additions were made with the building about 1910 and about 1939. The building houses the Lancaster Brewing Company restaurant.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Merion Golf Club is a private golf club located in Haverford Township Delaware County Pennsylvania a suburb northwest of Philadelphia. The club has two courses: the East Course and the West Course. The East Course has been consistently rated by Golf Digest among America's greatest golf courses and it has hosted five U.S. Opens most recently in 2013.
 The Muzeum Śląska Cieszyńskiego (Museum of Cieszyn Silesia) is a museum in the town of Cieszyn Silesian Voivodeship Poland. It was founded in 1802 by Leopold Szersznik a Jesuit priest and is one of the oldest public museums in Poland. The museum focuses on the history and traditions of Silesia especially the region of Cieszyn Silesia.
 Fourth and Gill is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located north of the city's downtown area. Initially developed in the late nineteenth century as a residential area for Knoxville's growing middle and professional classes the neighborhood still contains most of its original Victorian-era houses churches and streetscapes.
 The Coal preparation plant of Beringen is a part of the former Beringen Coal Mine which is located in Belgium. Since 1994 this building has been selected and protected as mining heritage by the Flemish government and is planned to be reused as part of the Flemish Mining Museum. Since 2007 the mining site of Beringen became one of the Belgian anchor points of the ERIH (European Route of Industrial Heritage).
 Christ Church Lutheran is a congregation of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) located at 3244 34th Avenue South Minneapolis Minnesota. Its buildings a sanctuary with chapel (1949) and an education wing (1962) designed by Finnish-American architects Eliel Saarinen and Eero Saarinen have been internationally recognized most recently in 2009 as National Historic Landmark by the U.S Department of the Interior.
 All Saints Church West Harling is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Harling Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on the edge of Thetford Forest.
 State Correctional Institution – Smithfield is a Close-Security correctional facility for men on the grounds of SCI-Huntingdon near Huntingdon in the Allegheny Mountains. SCI Smithfield was opened in 1988 during a growth spurt of the bursting at the seams correctional system in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
 The William M. Cashin House also known as Cashin Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for William M. Cashin original Trustee member for the UMass Building Authority from 1949-1969. It is part of the Sylvan Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the modernist architecture style and is covered with brick.In 1980 the building was home to the first signs of the impending campus water shortage.
 Hotel Continental is a hotel in Oslo Norway that opened in 1900. The background story of the Continental is like an old fairytale about a young couple who through their hard work and entrepreneurship created a monument that will live for many years. It all started in Sweden in 1860 with the birth of Caroline Boman.
 Cranmer Court the former Christchurch Normal School was one of the most significant heritage buildings in Christchurch New Zealand. Its demolition due to some damage in the 2011 Christchurch Earthquake was controversial.
 The Grand Army of the Republic Hall is an historic building located at 34 School Street in Rockland Massachusetts in the United States. The hall was built in 1899 by members of the GAR as a memorial to the Union Army veterans of the Civil War. It was one of many such halls built in the country. On May 16 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Ibrahim Pasha Mosque (Bulgarian: Ибрахим паша джамия Turkish: İbrahim Paşa Camisi) is a mosque in Bulgaria.
 West Delhi Presbyterian Church Manse and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church complex and cemetery at 18 and 45 Sutherland Road in West Delhi Delaware County New York. The church is a one story rectangular wood frame building constructed in 1892. It is surmounted by a steep gable roof with overhanging eaves. The manse was built about 1840 and is a large two story wood frame building with a cross gable plan.
 The Anita Willets Burnham Log House located at 1140 Willow Rd. in the Crow Island Woods of Winnetka Illinois United States was the home and studio of artist and author Anita Willets-Burnham. The log cabin was built in 1836 on a farmstead in south central Winnetka. In 1917 Willets-Burnham purchased the house and moved it to 1401 Tower Road in northwest Winnetka; she placed an addition on the home in the same year.
 The Callaghan Apartments also known as the Plaza Apartments and Hotel and the Plaza Hotel was built in 1918 in Hot Springs State Park in Thermopolis Wyoming. It was at one time one of six hotels catering to tourists using the Big Spring of Thermopolis a hot spring reputed to possess curative properties. The hotel was built by bricklayer James Callaghan who obtained a 98 year lease on the site commencing on January 1 1918.
 St. Paul Church is a Roman Catholic parish with an elementary school in the Diocese of Springfield in Illinois located in Highland Illinois. The Kirchenfest a church picnic held each year is one of the largest church festivals in Southern Illinois.
 The Sherlock Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.In 2010 the Sherlock Building was purchased for 6.8 million dollars by the Church of Scientology with plans to turn it into the headquarters for its Portland chapter. The Church had previously purchased the nearby Stevens Building but had decided that it would not be suitable without costly renovations.
 Cambria Public Library Building also known as Carnegie Public Library is a historic library building located at Johnstown Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1890-1891 with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919. Carnegie provided all funds toward the construction and maintenance of the library through 1930.
 St. Helena's Church Thoroton is a parish church in the Church of England in Thoroton Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Joseph Schneider Haus is a museum in Kitchener Ontario Canada. It was originally a house built circa 1816 by Joseph Schneider who was among a large group of Pennsylvania German Mennonites from Lancaster County Pennsylvania that settled in Waterloo County Ontario in the early 19th century. The house is the oldest extant dwelling in Kitchener. The Schneider Haus museum is a living recreation of life in Ontario in the 1850s and has been restored to that period.
 The Central of Georgia Railroad: Savannah Shops and Terminal Facilities is a 33.2-acre (134000 m2) historic district in Savannah Georgia listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is dominated by the Central of Georgia Depot and Trainshed a passenger depot and trainshed constructed in 1860 by the Central of Georgia Railway (CofG) before the outbreak of the American Civil War.
 The Honda Collection Hall is a transport museum housing a collection of Honda consumer- and racing-oriented artifacts. It is on the grounds of the Twin Ring Motegi race track located at Motegi Japan. It opened in 1998.
 The Louis Rehm Barn near Hebron North Dakota United States was built in 1917. It was built by Adam Rehm and in 1994 was owned by Armin Rehm. It is also known as the Armin Rehm Barn. The barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The barn got electricity in 1918.
 St. David Catholic Church is a historic church in Madawaska Maine.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Quincy Police Station is a historic police station at 442 Southern Artery in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Frederick A. and Sophia Bagg Bonanza Farm also known as Bagg Bonanza Farm or F. A. Bagg Farm is a bonanza farm in Richland County North Dakota United States. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2005. It is located approximately one mile south of Mooreton. There were many bonanza farms in North Dakota.
 Eaton Hall is an academic building on the campus of Willamette University in Salem Oregon United States. Completed in 1909 the four-story brick and stone hall is the fourth oldest building on the campus of the school after Waller Hall (1867) Gatke Hall (1903) and the Art Building (1907). Eaton is a mix of architectural styles and houses the humanities departments of the liberal arts college.
 Waveland a historic estate located at 120 East Erksine Rd in Danville Kentucky. The house is now owned by the Bluegrass Trust for Historic Preservation Inc. The Bluegrass Trust along with several other parties including another historic preservation group the James Harrod Trust for Historic Preservation Inc. purchased Waveland at auction on June 8 2013 to save it from potential investors/developers who were planning to demolish the house.
 Saint Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church building at 308 N. Monroe in Waxahachie Texas.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Mary the Virgin's Church Cavendish is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Cavendish Suffolk.
 The Street at Chestnut Hill is an open air shopping center on Route 9 in Chestnut Hill Massachusetts. The shopping center which is still in development contains 406000 sq. feet of fashion retailers restaurants and entertainment options. The architecture and design of the new shopping center mimics modern village-like streetscapes and overlooks the neighboring Hammond Pond. The center contains a Showcase Super Lux Star Market and Sports Club/LA.
 San Estevan del Rey Mission Church is a Spanish mission church that was founded in 1629 at Acoma Pueblo — in present day Acoma New Mexico. It was named for Saint Stephen I of Hungary. The large adobe mission first built in circa 1641 was part of colonial New Spain establishing a northern presence in Santa Fe de Nuevo México province.The Mission Church was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970 and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of the Holy Family (Russian: Кирха Святого Семейства; German: Kirche zur Heiligen Familie) is a neogothic brick church in Kaliningrad. It was built in the Haberberg city district of Königsberg near the Pregel river between 1904 and 1907. The Kaliningrad authorities have refused to return the church to the Catholic community.
 Fortaleza San Felipe is a historic Spanish fortress located in the north of Dominican Republic in the province of Puerto Plata. Is also known as El Morro de San Felipe and was used to protect the City of Puerto Plata from pirates and corsairs. It is located on a hill at the Puntilla Del Malecón overlooking the Atlantic Ocean; its strategic location protected the entrance to the city's seaport.
 The Edward J. Lennon House is a historic house at 53 Taber Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum (梅小路蒸気機関車館 Umekōji Jōkikikansha-kan) is a railway museum located in Shimogyō-ku Kyoto Japan. Opened in 1972 the locomotive depot houses 19 steam locomotives.The museum is owned by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and is operated by Transportation Culture Promotion Foundation.
 The US Southwest Soaring Museum is an aviation museum located at 918 E US Route 66 in Moriarty New Mexico United States that focuses on the history of gliding in the western United States.The museum is an affiliate member of the Soaring Society of America.
 1600 Glenarm Place is a 384 ft (117m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. Completed in 1967 as the Security Life Building it has 32 floors. It was converted from office to residential use in 2006 and has 330 units. It is the 21st tallest building in Denver. It is currently owned by P3 Development NA Inc.
 The Brașov County Museum of History (Romanian: Muzeul Județean de Istorie Brașov) is a museum in Brașov Romania housed in the former Council House.
 The Horniman Museum is a museum in Forest Hill London. Commissioned in 1898 it opened in 1901 and was designed by Charles Harrison Townsend in the Arts and Crafts style.It is a non-departmental public body of the Department for Culture Media and Sport and is constituted as a company and registered charity under English law.
 My Fortune Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located at Cathedral Road in Chennai India. Formerly known as WelcomHotel Sheraton Chola My Fortune Chennai is the first hotel to be launched under ITC's brand My Fortune. My Fortune Chennai is an ISO 14001–certified hotel for its environment management systems. It is one of the hotels licensed by ITC Hotels Limited.
 The Alexis LaTour House also known as Old Homeplace; Guillory Homeplace is an historic house in Ville Platte Louisiana. The oldest portion of the house was built in 1835 by Alexis LaTour. The house was expanded in 1837. The original house was a 1 1⁄2-story Creole cottage of bousillage construction that was one room wide and two rooms deep and had a front gallery. The 1837 expansion added two rooms and a central hall.
 The Jonathan Fletcher House is a historic house at 285 High Street in Medford Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1835; its builder clearly drew inspiration from designs published by Asher Benjamin and is an excellent example of transitional Federal-Greek Revival architecture.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 (incorrectly as being at 283 High Street).
 Bodom Church (Norwegian: Bodom kirke formerly called Bodom kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Bodom in the Upper Ogndal area of Steinkjer about 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of the town of Steinkjer. The church is part of the Ogndal parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The white wooden church was built in 1905 to seat about 150 people. The building was designed by G.
 The Merrifield House also known as Rosebank is a historic house at 7 Woods Lane in Ipswich Massachusetts. It was built c. 1792 by Francis Merrifield Jr. a veteran of the American Revolutionary War. The main block of the house is a 2.5 story nearly square wood frame structure with an off-center chimney. The house has a number of rambling additions some of which may have been built by Merrifield to accommodate his large family.
 The Oscar Stanton De Priest House is the current name of an eight-flat apartment building located at 4536-4538 South Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Chicago Illinois USA. It was built in 1920 and is part of the Grand Boulevard community area.From 1929 to 1951 it served as the home of Oscar Stanton De Priest the first post-Reconstruction African American elected to the United States Congress. The building was designated a National Historic Landmark on May 15 1975.
 Fairfield Hospital in Fairfield Park Bedfordshire England was a psychiatric hospital from 1860 to 1999.
 The Holzwarth Historic District comprises a series of cabins built by the Holzwarth family as a guest ranch inholding within the boundaries Rocky Mountain National Park at Grand Lake Colorado. The Holzwarths made their homestead in the Kawuneeche Valley in 1917 two years after the establishment of the park and received a patent on the homestead in 1923. Guest ranch use began in 1919 and continued until the ranch was purchased by The Nature Conservancy in 1974.
 The Central Park Hospital (officially the U.S. General Hospital Central Park) was a military hospital that operated in New York City during the American Civil War from 1862 to 1865. It occupied the former grounds of Mount St. Vincent's Academy near 102nd St and East Drive in Central Park just west of Fifth Avenue and atop the Revolutionary War site of McGowan's Pass.
 Fiberglas Tower is a skyscraper located at 200 North Saint Clair Street in Toledo Ohio. Constructed in 1969 the building rises to a height of 400 feet (120 m).
 The Peach Regional Medical Center is a critical access hospital located in Fort Valley Georgia.
 Allegiance Health is a community-owned and locally-governed health system located in Jackson in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is negotiating to become part of the University of Michigan Health System.Allegiance Health supports a 480-bed system with more than 400 physicians and 3700 staff members. The health system offers specialized services including a new cancer center and a heart center with a 20-bed cardiac universal bed unit.
 San Giorgio Maggiore is a 16th-century Benedictine church on the island of the same name in Venice northern Italy designed by Andrea Palladio and built between 1566 and 1610. The church is a basilica in the classical renaissance style and its brilliant white marble gleams above the blue water of the lagoon opposite the Piazzetta and forms the focal point of the view from every part of the Riva degli Schiavoni.
 Sarles' Tavern also known as Granite House was a historic inn and tavern building located at Millwood Westchester County New York. It was built between 1814 and 1817 and was constructed of locally quarried granite. It was a two story rectangular building with a low pitched gable roof in a restrained Greek Revival style. The building was demolished in 1993 after the interior was consumed by fire; The building was unusable.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Wild Heron is a historic plantation house near Savannah Georgia.Records show that the land of Wild Heron Plantation was granted in the colonial era through a King's grant to Francis Harris in 1756.The frame plantation home was built about 1756 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It is the oldest plantation in Savannah and one of the oldest houses in Georgia.
 The Galleria is an upscale shopping mall in Edina Minnesota anchored solely by Gabberts Furniture.
 Sen. Joseph O. Clark House is a historic home located at Glen Campbell Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1900 and 1924 and is in the Colonial Revival-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 UMass Memorial Health Care (UMMHC) is a not-for-profit health care network affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester Massachusetts that operates 5 hospitals and a number of health clinics in the Central Massachusetts area. UMass Memorial Medical Center ranks number one in New England for surviving and treating a heart attack
 Chasing Rainbows is a museum based on the country music singer Dolly Parton. It is located in the Dollywood theme park Pigeon Forge Tennessee USA.Chasing Rainbows opened in 2002 as a part of the Adventures in Imagination area of the Dollywood park. The building was originally built in 1996 and opened as the Silver Screen Cafe and was converted to DJ Platters in 1997. Chasing Rainbows is the second museum for Dolly at Dollywood.
 The Samuel S. Morton House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Lillie House.The listing included three contributing buildings and one contributing structure on 3.4 acres (1.4 ha).The property's eligibility for NRHP listing was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Glamorgan also known as Kittery Hill is a large Queen Anne style house in Deer Park Garrett County Maryland. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story frame building built in 1888 as a summer house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Alagon on Bayshore is a 273-foot (83 m) high rise in Tampa Florida. It was completed in 2006 and has 23 floors. Smith Barnes Santiesteban Architecture designed the building which is the 16th tallest in Tampa.
 The Lehi North Branch Meetinghouse located at 1190 North 500 West in Lehi Utah was built in 1894 and was extended in 1917. It includes Gothic Revival and Classical Revival architecture. It has also been known as Lehi Third Ward Meetinghouse and as Zion's Hill Meetinghouse.
 Center City Tower was the working name of a formerly proposed skyscraper in downtown Philadelphia.Designed and proposed by the firm now known as KlingStubbins (designers of Philadelphia's Penn Center and Bell Atlantic Tower) the building would have risen to a height of 1050 feet (320 m) and 75 stories making it the tallest building in The United States outside New York and Chicago surpassing the height of the Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta.
 Harrington Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Hartland in Niagara County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story cobblestone structure built in 1843 by Vermont native Harry Harrington in the Greek Revival style. It features irregularly shaped variously colored cobbles in its construction. It is one of approximately 47 cobblestone structures in Niagara County.
 Harris Switch Tower also known as HG Tower or Harris Tower is an interlocking tower in Harrisburg Pennsylvania in the United States. The tower was built in 1929 by the Pennsylvania Railroad and remained in operation until it was closed in 1991 by Amtrak. Harris was purchased by the local chapter of the National Railway Historical Society in 1992 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Thousandth Anniversary of Islam Mosque or The Anniversary Mosque (Russian: Мечеть 1000-летия принятия Ислама Мечеть Юбилейная Mechet 1000-letiya prinyatiya Islama Mechet Yubileynaya) was built in Kazan Tatarstan Russia to commemorate the thousandth anniversary of the Islamization of the Volga Bulgars in 922.
 The Museum of Appalachia located in Norris Tennessee 20 miles (32 km) north of Knoxville is a living history museum that interprets the pioneer and early 20th-century period of the Southern Appalachian region of the United States. Recently named an Affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution the Museum is a collection of more than 30 historic buildings rescued from neglect and decay and gathered onto 63 acres (250000 m2) of picturesque pastures and fields.
 St Gabriel's Warwick Square is an Anglo-Catholic church in Pimlico. It lies within the Deanery of Westminster (St Margaret) within the Diocese of London. It was constructed as part of Thomas Cubitt's 1840−1860 development of the area on behalf of the Marquess of Westminster.Along with the nearby St Saviour's St Gabriel's was designed by Cubitt's foreman Thomas Cundy in the Gothic style and built in ragstone to emphasise the contrast with the Classical stucco of its secular neighbours.
 The J. Colin English School (also known as the J. Colin English Elementary School) is a historic school in North Fort Myers Florida United States. It is located at 120 Pine Island Road. On July 8 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.This property is part of the Lee County Multiple Property Submission a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register.
 First National Bank-Graham Building also known as the Ross Building is a historic commercial building located at New Cumberland Hancock County West Virginia. It was built in 1903 and is a two story four bay blond brick building with an elevated basement. It features an elevated recessed corner entry with a Doric order column at the corner. It was originally occupied by the First National Bank until it failed in 1927.
 Griggsville Historic District is a designated historic district in the Pike County Illinois city of Griggsville. The district has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since January 17 1979. It is one of twelve sites on the Register in Pike County three of which are historic districts. Aside from Griggsville's Historic District there is the Barry Historic District and the Pittsfield Historic District.
 Mount Salem Baptist Meetinghouse also known as Mount Salem Baptist Church is a historic Baptist meeting house located near Washington Rappahannock County Virginia. It was built in 1850-1851 and is a one-story stuccoed stone building. It measures 40 feet by 50 feet and is topped by a gable roof. The church was restored and put into active service in 1977 after closure in 1942.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Carilion Roanoke Memorial Hospital (CRMH) is a hospital in Roanoke Virginia USA. The hospital has 825 beds and is part of Carilion Clinic.
 President's Office George Washington University is a row of historic townhouses at 2003 G Street Northwest Washington D.C. (also known as 700 20th Street NW) in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood. They are now part of The George Washington University Law School.
 Fort Halleck was a military outpost that existed in the 1860s along the Overland Trail and stage route in what was then the Territory of Idaho now the U.S state of Wyoming.
 Old Westbury Gardens is the former estate of John Shaffer Phipps (1874–1958) heir to a U.S. Steel fortune in Nassau County New York at 71 Old Westbury Road in Old Westbury New York.Work on the estate began in 1903 when John Shaffer Phipps promised his British fiancée Margarita he would build her a home in the United States that resembled her family estate in Battle Abbey.
 St. Joachim Roman Catholic Church was the first Roman Catholic church founded in Northeast Philadelphia. Established in 1845 in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia the parish was closed on July 1 2013 part of a wide-ranging re-organization of Catholic parishes in the Philadelphia Archdiocese; it became part of Holy Innocents Parish along with two other nearby closed parishes Mater Dolorosa and St. Joan of Arc.
 Slavonski Brod Synagogue was a synagogue of the Jewish Community Slavonski Brod.Slavonski Brod Synagogue was built under Jakob Kohn the president of the Jewish Community Slavonski Brod in the 1896 by Hönigsberg & Deutsch architecture studio. At the time Jewish Community Slavonski Brod counted over 110 members. The synagogue was burned by Nazis in 1941 and remains were bombed by allied forces during the bombing of Slavonski Brod in 1944.
 The Helena Civic Center (formerly known as Algeria Shrine Temple) is an Moorish Revival building in Helena Montana that was built in 1919. The building served as a meeting hall for the Algeria Shriners and had civic functions. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (under the shrine name) in 1988.The National Register's database records Historic subfunctions that include meeting hall for the place. Today the building has a 2000 seat auditorium and a 15000 sq. ft.
 Oaxen Krog was a luxurious restaurant in the southern part of Stockholm archipelago situated on the island Oaxen south of the inlet to Södertälje Canal.
 The Tannehill Ironworks is a state historic site in Tuscaloosa County near the unincorporated town of McCalla. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Tannehill Furnace it was a major supplier of iron for Confederate ordnance. Remains of the old furnaces are the central attraction of Tannehill Ironworks Historical State Park located 12 miles (19 km) south of Bessemer Alabama off I-59/20 near the southern end of the Appalachian Mountains.
 The White Springs Historic District is a historic district in White Springs Florida. It is bounded by River 1st Suwannee and Hewitt Streets SR 25A U.S. 41 and Suwannee Road encompasses approximately 1200 acres (4.9 km²) and contains 81 historic buildings and 1 object. On September 19 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Not to be confused with the Palace of the Holy Office in the Vatican.The Inquisitor's Palace is a museum sited in the heart of Birgu Vittoriosa Malta.The palace was erected as the civil law courts of the Order of St John between 1530s and 1571 then became the inquisitor’s residence from 1574 until 1798.The Inquisitor’s Palace is now the flagship of Maltese Ethnography.The collection on display at the Inquisitor’s Palace aims to portray the salient aspects of Malta’s urban religious culture placing particular focus on the early modern period and the impact of the Inquisition on Maltese society through the centuries.These two related themes are elucidated by means of a display that brings together the liturgical calendar with the most popular cults and devotions on the island.The museum is managed by Heritage Malta.The museum is also open to school-related outings and tourist excursions.
 Originally a trolley car suburb in the years just before the dawn of the 20th century the Fairmount neighborhood in Church Hill Richmond Virginia is located just north of Union Hill. Much of the neighborhood was developed from the 1890s to the 1920s and its buildings largely reflect Queen Anne Italianate and 1920s bungalow architecture. What is likely the oldest remaining residence a frame house probably dates from before 1870.
 The Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island Headquarters is a LEED Certified high-rise in downtown Providence Rhode Island.
 St Peter and St Paul’s Church Sturton-le-Steeple is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Sturton le Steeple.
 The Rochelle-Prince House is a historic home located at Courtland Southampton County Virginia. The original section dates to about 1814. The house consists of a 1 1/2-half-story two-bay block attached to a two-story three-bay block. The house was enlarged and remodeled between 1826 and 1827 and a rear ell was added about 1900.James Rochelle was clerk of the Southampton County court during the trial of Nat Turner.
 Manchester Courts earlier known as the MLC Building was a commercial high-rise building in the Christchurch Central City. Built in 1905–1906 for the New Zealand Express Company it was at the time the tallest commercial building in Christchurch. A Category I heritage building it suffered serious structural damage in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and was condemned to be demolished. Demolition began on 19 October and was completed in February 2011.
 Brandon Park Shopping Centre is a sub regional shopping centre located in Wheelers Hill Victoria Australia approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Melbourne's central business district The shopping centre is worth A$123.1 million as of December 2007. The shopping centre has a Gross Lettable Area of 22651 square metres (243810 sq ft) 1400 parking spaces and approximately 110 specialty retailers.
 The Ash Street School is an historic school building on Ash Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The Italianate style school was built as part of a wave of school construction in the city between 1848 and 1855. It is a square three story brick building with a low hip roof. Each facade has four bays separated by piers that rise to corbelling just below the roof line. It originally had a cupola but that has been removed.
 The National Archaeological Museum of Spain (Spanish: Museo Arqueológico Nacional) is a museum in Madrid Spain which is now open after its renovations.
 The McKinley Park School at Riverside Dr. and Keystone Ave. in Reno Nevada is a historic school that was built in 1909. It includes Mission/Spanish Revival architecture and was designed by George Ferris. Also known as the City of Reno Recreation Center it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is a U-shaped 150-by-160-foot (46 m × 49 m) building with a south-facing courtyard. It is quite close in design to that of the NRHP-listed Mt.
 The John Pearson Soda Works also referred to as the Placerville Soda Works is a historic rustic vernacular Victorian brick building in Placerville El Dorado County California. The building in the Gold Country region was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on December 12 1985. The 'Soda Works' currently houses the 'Cozmic Café' coffee shop.
 Capilla de los Dolores (Grado) is a church in Grado Asturias in northern Spain. The chapel is listed as a historical monument.
 Drakes on the Pond is a restaurant located in Abinger Hammer Surrey England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Westfield Hawthorn formerly Hawthorn Center is a shopping mall in Vernon Hills Illinois. Its four anchor stores are Carson Pirie Scott J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears. The Marshall Field's store was renamed Macy's on September 9 2006.The mall sits on land formerly occupied by the Hawthorn Mellody Dairy which was owned by the Cuneo family. Its original anchors included Lord & Taylor which closed in 1990 and sold its store to Carson Pirie Scott.
 Meadow River Lumber Building is a historic building located on the grounds of the State Fair of West Virginia at Fairlea Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1928 to showcase the products of the Meadow River Lumber Company (MERILUCO). It is a one story Bungalow-style frame building with a small center front gable rising from the roofline. The front facade features a full length front porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 111 Eighth Avenue is a full-block Art Deco multi-use building located between Eighth and Ninth Avenues and 15th and 16th Streets in the Chelsea neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City.At 2900000 square feet (270000 m2) it is currently the city's third largest building in terms of square footage. It was the largest building until 1963 when the Met Life Building 3140000 square feet (292000 m2) opened.
 Feisthamel-Edelberg Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1915 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three- by five-bay frame dwelling clad in wood shingles. It sits on a brick and concrete foundation and has a cross-gable roof. It features a 2-story cure porch with Colonial Revival style details.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The John W. Ballard House is a private residence located in central Davenport Iowa. Built in 1871 the home is one of the oldest surviving buildings in Davenport's upper Main Street area--if not the oldest. A Greek Revival Victorian design with turn-of-the-century neoclassical modifications the house was reportedly the most commanding structure in the neighborhood at the time of construction. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi is a Brazilian research institution and museum located in the city of Belém state of Pará. It was founded in 1866 by Domingos Soares Ferreira Penna as the Pará Museum of Natural History and Ethnography and was later named in honor of Swiss naturalist Émil August Goeldi who reorganized the institution and was its director from 1894 to 1905.
 The Auberge de Castille (Maltese: Berġa ta' Kastilja) is one of the seven auberges built in the sixteenth century in Valletta Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Castille León and Portugal until the French occupation of Malta in 1798 and from 1800 was the headquarters of the British army in Malta. It now houses the office of the Prime Minister of Malta.
 The Peabody Opera House is a civic performing arts building in St. Louis Missouri. Founded as the Kiel Opera House it opened it 1934 and operated until 1991 when it and the adjacent Kiel Auditorium were closed so the auditorium could be demolished and replaced by the Scottrade Center. When the auditorium was slated for demolition the owners of the complex promised to rehabilitate the opera house as well.
 Pure Oil Gas Station is a historic service station located at Saratoga Springs in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1933 by the Pure Oil Co. in the English Cottage style. It was moved to its present location on Spring Street in 1978 after having been located at 522 Broadway. It is a one story brick building in three sections measuring 34 feet by 27 feet. It consists of the main block housing the office with a rear wing and one stall garage.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart is a Roman Catholic church in the Museum Planning Area of Singapore.
 The Nanjing Museum (Chinese: 南京博物院; pinyin: Nánjīng Bówùyuán) is located in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. With an area of 70000 square metres (17 acres) it is one of the largest museums in China. The museum currently has over 400000 items in its permanent collection making it one of the largest in China. Especially notable is the museum's enormous collections of Ming and Qing imperial porcelain which is among the largest in the world.
 The First United Methodist Church is a Methodist church founded in 1868 in Reno Nevada. In 1868 the first meetings were held in the local schoolhouse on the corner of what is now First and Sierra Streets. In 1871 The first church was erected and dedicated on Sierra Street between First and Second Streets. In the early 1900s the wood framed church was moved to the back of the lot and a new brick building was added to it. And finally in 1925 plans for a new building were made.
 The Reuben and Edith Hecht Museum is a museum located on the grounds of the University of Haifa Israel.
 The West Schoolhouse is a historic school building at 141 Shawsheen Avenue in Wilmington Massachusetts. It is the best-preserved of Wilmington's remaining one-room schoolhouses. This single story wood frame building was probably (based on stylistic analysis) built in the 1860s or 1870s although its resemblance in form to the c. 1840s Old Centre Schoolhouse suggests a possible earlier construction date and subsequent remodeling.
 Glenwood Cemetery Mortuary Chapel is a historic chapel located in Glenwood Cemetery in Northeast Washington D.C.It was built in 1892 in a Richardsonian Romanesque style. It was designed by Glenn Brown. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Pine Mills German Methodist Episcopal Church is an historic building located in Muscatine County Iowa United States. The building was built by volunteers in 1867. The congregation was made up of German immigrants who desired to maintain their own language and culture in their religious practices. The last service was held in the church on Christmas Eve 1910. The building passed to private ownership and was used as a farm building and workshop.
 Union Bryarly's Mill is a historic flour and grist mill complex and national historic district located at Darkesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing sites. The buildings are the Bryarly Mill Mansion House log smokehouse and combination ice house building log miller's house (1751) site of a distillery and foundation containing archaeological remains.
 Galleria Shopping Centre (formerly known as Centro Galleria and Westfield Galleria) is a super-regional shopping centre located in Morley Western Australia about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Perth's central business district. The Galleria is the second largest retail centre in Perth.
 St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church also known as the Brick Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church located in Culp Blair County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1892 and is a cross-gabled red brick church with steep gables and a steeple with Queen Anne influences. It features large many paned stained glass windows with semi-circular arches in the gable ends.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 United Baptist Church of Lakeport (also known as Lake Village Free Baptist Church or Park Street Baptist Church) is a historic church at 23 Park Street in the village of Lakeport in Laconia New Hampshire. It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The church was founded in 1774 on Parade Road as Laconia's First Church. It has changed many times during the years.
 Greensburg Cumberland Presbyterian Church (Greensburg Separate Baptist Church) is a historic church at Hodgenville Avenue and N. 1st Street in Greensburg Kentucky.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Gate Church of the Trinity (Ukrainian: Троїцька Надбрамна церква Troits’ka Nadbramna tserkva; Russian: Троицкая Надвратная церковь Troitskaya Nadvratnaya tserkov’) is a historic church of the ancient cave monastery of Kiev Pechersk Lavra in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. Originally being built as a Kievan Rus' style church the Gate Church of the Trinity is now decorated in the Ukrainian Baroque style having been reconstructed many times through its history.
 Holy Cross in Chicago referred to in Lithuanian as Šv. Kryžiaus bažnyčia is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located on West 46th Street in Chicago Illinois. Built by Lithuanian immigrants it bears a striking resemblance to many of Chicago's so-called Polish Cathedrals by virtue of the common heritage Poles and Lithuanians shared during the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and reflected in their architectural tastes.
 Namak Haram Deorhi (also known as the Traitor's Gate Jafarganj Deorhi or Jufarganj Palace) was the palace of Mir Jafar. It is located just opposite to the Jafarganj Cemetery in the Lalbagh area of the town of Murshidabad and near Mahimapur in the Indian state of West Bengal. Namak Haram Deorhi refers to both the place of Mir Jafar and the main gate which leads to the palace.
 Kalaupapa National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park located in Kalaupapa Hawaiʻi on the island of Molokaʻi. It was established by the National Park Service in 1980 to expand upon the earlier National Historic Landmark site of the Kalaupapa Leper Settlement. Its goal is to preserve the cultural and physical settings of the two leper colonies on the island of Molokaʻi.
 Hamburger Mary's is a gay-themed and LGBT-friendly burger restaurant chain that started in San Francisco California in 1972. Their motto is: an open-air bar and grill for open-minded people and the eateries are often in gay-centric neighborhoods. The menu items include friskily named items and the decor of the restaurants is flamboyant. Cross-dressing is common and the Mary in the name is a reference to the slang descriptor Mary used for gay men as far back as the early 1900s.
 The Parish Church of St Clement is the parish church of the parish of Saint Clement in Jersey. It is one of the twelve 'Ancient Parish Churches' of Jersey.In ancient Latin documents the church is referred to as Ecclesia Sancti Clemtentis de Petravilla in Gersuis which translates to the Church of St. Clement on the estate of Peter in Jersey.
 The West Bay Tower is a 25-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the West Bay Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.
 The Prospect Hotel also known as the A. H. Boothby House in Prospect Oregon is two-story hotel listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1892 as a private home it was added to the register in 1980.Located on the community's main street Mill Creek Drive the hotel and several tourist cabins occupy a 5-acre (2.0 ha) site near the Prospect School and Prospect Store. The hotel is a short distance from Oregon Route 62 the main highway from Medford to Crater Lake.
 Muliaage (Dhivehi: މުލިއާގެ pronounced [muliˈəːɡe]) was the 'Official Residence of the President of the Maldives'. Muliaage is located at the historic centre of Malé in close proximity of the Medhu Ziyaarai the Friday Mosque and the Munnaru (Grand Minaret of Malé).
 St. Luke's Church Stapleford is a parish church in the Church of England in Stapleford Nottinghamshire.
 Mendut is a ninth-century Buddhist temple located in Mendut village Mungkid sub-district Magelang Regency Central Java Indonesia. The temple is located about three kilometres east from Borobudur. Mendut Borobudur and Pawon all of which are Buddhist temples are located in one straight line. There is a mutual religious relationship between the three temples although the exact ritual process is unknown.
 The Liberty/Paramount Theatre is an early movie palace located on West Federal Street and Hazel Avenue in Youngstown Ohio.Designed by Detroit architect C. Howard Crane the theatre opened as the Liberty Theatre on February 11 1918. The auditorium originally seated 1700 patrons. The exterior has extensive terra cotta ornamentation with swags and pilasters. The exterior is an example of the late Neo-classical style popularized by the Ecole des Beaux Arts.
 The John Lee McFarlin House (also known as the A.D. Lester House) is a historic home in Quincy Florida United States. It is located at 305 East King Street. On December 27 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Gatewood House is a historic house in Eatonton Georgia. It was built in 1805 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 202 N. Fifth Street in Leesville Louisiana. The building was built in 1920 in a Bungalow style/Craftsman style Mission style/Spanish Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Letheringham Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Deering Oaks is a 55 acres (22 ha) public park in Portland Maine which has a baseball diamond tennis courts a playground and a pond. It is located west of downtown Portland and is bordered by Deering Avenue on the west Forest Avenue on the east Park Avenue to the south and Interstate 295 to the north. State Street bisects the park. Access is from State Street Deering Avenue or Park Avenue. The Portland Farmers Market is located on the Park Avenue side of the park.
 The Plumb House is a historic U.S. home originally located on the northwest corner of Lakeview and South Fort Harrison Avenues in Clearwater Florida. The house was built in circa 1896 and used for a paint store on the ground level and apartments on the second floor. In December 1983 the house was moved to its current location at 1380 South Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue in Clearwater and serves as the home for the Clearwater Historical Society and the Plumb House Museum.
 The Pejepscot Paper Company is a historic mill building located off U.S. 201 in Topsham Maine on the banks of the Androscoggin River across from the town of Brunswick. It was constructed in 1868 and was originally known as the Topsham Paper Mill. In 1875 the mill was re-incorporated as the Bowdoin Paper Manufacturing Company.
 Entranceway at Main Street at High Park Boulevard is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built about 1916 by developer Charles S. Burkhardt. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) at Eggertsville in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of tall and short stone posts corresponding quarter-height stone walls and accent light fixtures set on either side of the streets' intersecting corners.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 CrownGate Worcester is a shopping centre in Worcester England. It contains 60 stores with a range of both large and smaller units including anchor tenants House of Fraser Debenhams and Primark. There are also three restaurants a large car park with Bus Station and The Huntingdon Hall Theater. The Centre has just undergone an extensive £4million refurbishment and rebranding with new floors canopies and lights as well as modern street furniture and art.
 The Riverside Baptist Church (RBC) is a historic church in Jacksonville Florida. It is located at 2650 Park Street in the Riverside neighborhood. Designed by noted architect Addison Mizner and completed in 1926 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1972. On April 18 2012 the American Institute of Architects's Florida Chapter placed the building on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places.
 The main U.S. Post Office Poughkeepsie New York USA is located at the intersection of Market and Mansion Streets downtown (actual address is 55 Mansion Street). The Post Office serves the 12601 ZIP Code which covers the city of Poughkeepsie New York and portions of the Town of Poughkeepsie adjacent to the city. It employs a hundred people and handles 300000 pieces of mail a day and 10 million a year.
 Tour CBX or Tour Dexia is an office skyscraper located in Supercomplex 2 of the La Défense business district situated west of Paris France.Built from 2002 to 2005 the tower is 142 metres tall. The tower is built nearby the La Défense circular boulevard on its northern side and a pedestrian bridge connects it to the district's esplanade on the southern side.
 Saint John’s Methodist Episcopal Church is at the corner of Spring and Fifth Streets in Kingman Arizona. The church was built in 1917. The church is of the Classical Revival style. This is the second church for St. John’s. Construction started on February 28 1917. The first church service was on May 8 1889. On March 29 1939 Clark Gable and Carole Lombard were married here. The church is on the National Register of Historic Places and the number is 86001170.
 John Sutton Hall is the main building of Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Constructed between 1873 and 1875 the building was the first constructed for the Indiana Normal School. In 1903 the building was named after John Sutton the first president of the school's Board of Trustees. Sutton Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Caldwell Parsonage is located along Caldwell Avenue in Union New Jersey United States. It was the home of the Rev. James Caldwell a Presbyterian minister and active supporter of the Patriot cause during the Revolutionary War.The war is intertwined with the early history of the building. An original parsonage dating to 1730 was burned in 1780 by a Loyalist mob and later that year Caldwell's wife Hannah was killed by British soldiers in the house during the Battle of Connecticut Farms.
 Great Yarmouth Black Friary was a friary in Norfolk England.
 The Church of Our Lady of Peace is a historic Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of New York located at 239-241 East 62nd Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1886-87 at the cost of $200000 and was designed by Samuel A. Warner in the Victorian Gothic style for the Church Extension Committee of the Presbytery of New York.
 Little England Chapel (originally called The Ocean Cottage Sunday School) was founded by George C. Rowe. Mr. Rowe a printer at Hampton Institute began the Sunday School with three Newtown children in a small section of his home. The Sunday School became so popular that they needed more space to hold the Bible sessions.
 The Warehouse premises of Hardware (Bristol) Limited (grid reference ST596729) is on Old Bread Street Bristol England.It was built in 1882 by William Bruce Gingell in red brick with white and black brick details and is an example of the Bristol Byzantine style. It was originally part of Christopher Thomas and Brothers' soap works. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The Chapel of Notre Dame des Anges (French: Chapelle Notre-Dame-des-Anges) is a miraculous shrine and place of pilgrimage near Lurs Alpes-de-Haute-Provence France.
 The Federal Building also known as the Century Post Office is a historic building located on Fayetteville Street in Raleigh North Carolina. It was the first Federal Government project in the South following the Civil War. Construction of the building began in 1874 and was completed in 1878. The building's Second Empire design was by Alfred B. Mullett whose more famous works included the Old Executive Office Building located near the White House.
 The Pendleton Center for the Arts is an arts center located in the historic former Umatilla County Library building also known as Pendleton Public Library in Pendleton Oregon United States.
 The Mudbaden Sulphur Springs Company is a two-story brick Classical Revival spa building built near sulfur-rich springs which were advertised to be a cure for ailments including rheumatism hypertension liver disease and gout. Located in Jordan Minnesota United States it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Clients would bathe in mud dug up from the Minnesota River bed.
 Morse-Barber House is a historic house at 46 Forest Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.The house was built in 1814 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Oregon Air and Space Museum holds a collection of historic aircraft and spacecraft.
 Chesterville Brick House also known as Goodings Store Isaac Spencer House and Salter House is a historic home and former commercial building located at Chesterville Kent County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick building thought to have been built about 1773. The changed ownership many times.
 The Château de Montfort is a castle in the French commune of Vitrac in the Dordogne département part of the region of Aquitaine.The castle clings to a promontory overlooking the Cingle de Montfort (Montfort Meander) on the Dordogne River. Its grandiose setting aroused the envy of those who wished to rule Périgordso that its history is a long series of battles and sieges. It was taken and razed to the ground by Simon de Montfort in 1214.
 The Rhea-McEntire House is a historic antebellum Greek Revival mansion located along the shoreline of the Tennessee River's Wheeler Lake in Decatur Alabama.The house was constructed prior to 1836 and was used as headquarters by both Union and Confederate forces alternately during the Civil War.In 1862 before being occupied by Federal forces the plans for the Battle of Shiloh were laid out within this building.
 The Silk Covered Bridge is located northwest of Bennington Vermont. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek is a bridge near Sheridan Wyoming that was built in 1914. It is a Pratt pony truss bridge which was built by the Canton Bridge Company of Canton Ohio. The Canton Bridge Company built four steel bridges in Wyoming in 1914; the ECS Bridge is the only one of these surviving in its original location. It is 50 feet long and 15 feet wide.It is one of 171 Wyoming bridges surveyed in a study that led to the nomination of 31 of them for NRHP listing.
 The General Nathanael Greene Homestead is historic house at 20 Taft Street in Coventry Rhode Island. Known as Spell Hall it was the home of Revolutionary War general Nathanael Greene from 1770 to 1776 and was owned afterwards by his brother Jacob Greene and his wife Margaret.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Fort Wayne Indiana is the primary cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend headed by Most Rev. Kevin Carl Rhoades. The parish was established in 1836 making it the oldest in Fort Wayne. The church was erected in 1860.
 Highland Park Village is an upscale shopping mall located at the southwest corner of Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road in Highland Park Texas (USA) and was the first self-contained shopping center in America. The Highland Park Village was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2000.
 St. Michael and All Angels' Church Elton on the Hill is a parish church in the Church of England in Elton on the Hill Nottinghamshire. It is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of special architectural interest.
 Compuware World Headquarters is a building located at One Campus Martius in downtown Detroit Michigan. It began construction in 2000 and finished in 2003. It has 18 floors in total 16 above-ground and 2 below-ground and has 1088000 square feet (100000 m2) of office space.
 US Post Office-Jamaica Main is a historic post office building located at the northwest corner of 164th Street and 89th Avenue in Jamaica in Queens County New York United States. It was built in 1932-1934 and is one of two post offices in New York City designed by architects Cross and Cross as a consultant to the Office of the Supervising Architect. The building is a two story brick building on a light gray granite base with marble trim in the Colonial Revival style.
 Idaho State Correctional Institution (ISCI) is an Idaho Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Kuna Ada County Idaho one of a cluster of seven detention facilities known as the South Boise Prison Complex.
 The ExxonMobil Building (formerly the Humble Building) was built in 1963 in Houston Texas. At that time it was the tallest building west of the Mississippi River at 606 ft (185 m) surpassing the Southland Center in Dallas (the previous record holder). It remained the tallest building west of the Mississippi only until 1965 when Elm Place was built in Dallas.ExxonMobil is the owner of the building.
 The Adams Vacuum & Sewing building (also known as the Montrose Masonic Temple) refers to a historic building in Montrose Colorado. Constructed in 1911 as a meeting hall for Montrose Lodge No. 63 Ancient Free and Accepted Masons the building is in the Classical Revival style. The Masons met in the upper floors while the ground floor was rented out as commercial space (in addition to the Adams Vacuum and Sewing company it has held a printing and office supply store and a funeral home).
 Northfield Square is a mall in Bradley Illinois in the United States. The mailing address is in Bourbonnais Illinois. This mall serves Kankakee County which includes Bourbonnais Bradley and Kankakee.
 The James Williams House is a historic home and farm complex located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built in 1848 and is a two-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling with Greek Revival details. It has a rear wing. The front facade features a three-bay porch with chamfered posts and sawn decorative brackets dated to the 1880s. Also on the property are a contributing barn granary and outhouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Ignacio Berriochoa Farm near Dietrich Idaho United States was built in 1920 by Basque stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings on 1.3 acres (0.53 ha).
 St. John's Church (Finnish: Johanneksenkirkko Swedish: Johanneskyrkan) in Helsinki Finland is a Lutheran church designed by the Swedish architect Adolf Melander in the Gothic Revival style. It is the largest stone church in Finland by seating capacity.Situated in the Ullanlinna district of Helsinki the church was built between 1888 and 1891 the third Lutheran church in Helsinki and still the biggest.
 The Hamilton Mill Brick House is a historic house at 16 High Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. Although brick was not a common house building material when this house was built c. 1855 most of the worker housing built by the Hamilton Woolen Mill Company was. This is one of a few surviving brick houses of the period in Southbridge (the other the Vinton-Torrey House is also listed). This is a 2.5 story 5 bay brick structure with an off-center interior chimney.
 The Bayfield Fish Hatchery is a historic fish hatchery in Salmo Wisconsin located 2.3 miles (3.7 km) southwest of Bayfield. The hatchery was built in 1897 in the Queen Anne style and Shingle style using local brownstone and played a historically significant role in the fishing industry on Lake Superior. On July 22 1981 the hatchery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Patterson Mansion (also known as the Patterson House or the Washington Club) is a historic Neoclassical-style mansion located at 15 Dupont Circle NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. It was built by Robert Wilson Patterson editor of the Chicago Tribune newspaper and used by him and his family for entertaining when he was in the city. Completed in 1903 it was deeded to the American Red Cross in 1948. The Red Cross sold it to the Washington Club in 1951.
 St. John's Episcopal Church and Burying Ground is a historic church in Runnemede Camden County New Jersey United States. The congregation was founded in 1789 and the current church building was designed by George Watson Hewitt and consecrated by the Rt. Rev. John Scarborough on November 9 1881.The church and burying ground were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Luke's Church is situated in the Borella district of Colombo the commercial capital of Sri Lanka. The church plays an important role within the history of the Church Missionary Society (CMS) on the island and is prominent within the Anglican Church in Sri Lanka.
 Immanuel Lutheran Church is a historic church at 1448 Cortlandt Street in Houston Texas.It was built in 1932 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 St. John's African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 2261 East 40th Street in Cleveland Ohio.It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Fashion Island is a shopping mall located on Ramintra Road in Khan Na Yao district outskirt of Bangkok Thailand. Some of the anchors are Robinson Department Store Big C Major Cineplex Home Pro SportWorldsThe shopping mall also features an amusement park with a monorail circling around the mall. It is 1.4 km in length and has 4 stations. The amusement park and monorail were both shut down after an accident. On 26 June 2002 a short circuit caused one train to catch fire.
 The Munshi Aziz Bhat Museum of Central Asian And Kargil Trade Artefacts is a family-operated public Museum located in Kargil in the state of Jammu and Kashmir India. The museum has on display objects that circulated along the trade routes between Ladakh and Yarkand besides are material relics.
 The Claus Untiedt House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Late Victorian residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church building in northeastern Darke County Ohio United States. Located south of the village of Versailles it is believed to be the region's last remaining log church built during the period of settlement. Although Wayne Township was settled primarily by individuals of English and French descent the members of St. Peter's Church were Germans.
 The Old Marengo County Courthouse built in 1850 is a Greek Revival courthouse building located in Linden Alabama U.S.A.. It was the third building to serve as the courthouse for Marengo County Alabama out of a total of five purpose-built courthouses. The courthouse was the site of a notable event on 9 October 1890 when nationally infamous train-robber and outlaw Reuben Houston Rube Burrow was shot and killed in the street in front of the building.
 The Museum of Musical Instruments of Céret (French: Musée des instruments de Céret) also known as MúSIC is located in Céret (Pyrénées-Orientales).
 Gangō-ji (元興寺) is an ancient Buddhist temple that was once one of the powerful Nanto Shichi Daiji in Nara Japan.
 St Martins Tower is a 140 m (460 ft) office building in Perth Western Australia. It was the tallest building in the city from its completion in 1978 for almost 10 years until it was overtaken in height by the BankWest Tower in 1988. The tower contains a revolving restaurant on level 33 the last floor with windows called C Restaurant and is the only revolving restaurant in Western Australia. For years it was informally known as the AAPT Tower and later The Amcom Building.
 The Jacob Hamblin House is a historic residence and museum located in Santa Clara Utah near St. George Utah. Jacob Hamblin was a Mormon pioneer and missionary who founded Santa Clara in 1854. After a flood destroyed the town a group of missionaries constructed a new home for him on a hillside. It is now open as a museum.
 The Salem Laundry is a historic laundry building at 55 Lafayette Street in Salem Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Salem Landry. Built in 1906 it is the first concrete building to be erected in Salem. The four story building is divided into three wide bays with the central bay projecting slightly.
 The Gere Bank Building is a five-story building located on Water Street in Syracuse New York. It was designed by Charles Colton and built in 1894. It is distinctive for its facade and use of contrasting materials. The cost of the building was $150000 including nearly $50000 for fireproof vaults in a room beneath the sidewalk. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is part of the Hanover Square Historic District.
 The Rev. Samuel Gay House is a historic house at 10 Williamsville Road in Hubbardston Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1817 for Reverend Samuel Gay a controversial local minister. The house is a fine local example of Federal style architecture particularly noted for its front door surround which has pilasters and a semicircular fanlight topped by an entablature.
 Carlyle House is a historic mansion in Alexandria Virginia United States built by Scottish merchant John Carlyle in 1751-53. It is situated in the city’s Old Town on North Fairfax Street between Cameron and King Streets.When the lots for the new town of Alexandria were auctioned in July 1749 Carlyle purchased lots 41 and 42 situated between the Potomac River and the town's market square ideal for his merchant business.
 For the Park Plaza Hotel Leeds UK see Park Plaza Hotel LeedsThe Boston Park Plaza is a former Statler Hotel in Boston Massachusetts opened on March 10 1927 built by hotelier E.M. Statler. A prototype of the grand American hotel it was called a city within a city.
 Keele Preceptory was a priory in Staffordshire England. It was owned by the Knights Templar being granted as a gift for the sum of eight marks by Henry II of England. The land was leased out by the order over the years up to 1255 when the first preceptory was built on the site. In 1308 it is recorded that the land still held a large amount of wasteland. The site was situated on a major packhorse route for which the Templars charged 4d per passage.
 Jorden Hall located at 1101 W. 22nd St. in Sioux Falls South Dakota was built in 1908. It was designed by architect Joseph Schwarz.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Snogeholm Castle (Swedish: Snogeholms slott) is a castle in Sjöbo Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The Fulford-By-The-Sea Monument is a historic fountain in North Miami Beach Florida. It was built in 1925 as part of the development project by the Fulford-by-the-Sea Company. The fountain was one of the largest built in South Florida in the 1920s. There were intended to be four other similar fountains at other access points to the development. However the Great Miami Hurricane of 1926 and the end of the Florida land boom prevented their construction.
 The Chevy Chase Theater also known as the Avalon Theater is an historic structure located in the Chevy Chase neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. The Classical Revival building was designed by the architectural firm of Upman and Adams and completed in 1922. It is the oldest neighborhood theater in continuous use in Washington and a rare example of a neighborhood movie house in the city. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 St George's Church (Serbian Cyrillic: Црква Св. Ђорђа) knows also as Oplenac Church and Oplenac Mausoleum is the Mausoleum of the Serbian and Yugoslav Royal House of Karađorđević located on top of the Hill Oplenac in city Topola Serbia. The Foundation in Oplenac is named after King Peter I of Yugoslavia.
 Carroll Alsop House also known as Mitchell House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Oskaloosa Iowa in 1948. This house is an L-plan unless you count the carport which makes it a T-plan.
 Seth M. Gates House is a historic home located at Warsaw in Wyoming County New York. It is a two-story wood frame dwelling built in 1824 and expanded in about 1843. It started as a two-story five-bay dwelling and the expansion added two bays on the north end. It features a Federal style cornice. Its owner from about 1843 until his death was Seth M. Gates (ca. 1800-ca. 1877) who served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1838 to 1842.
 Westfield Fire Headquarters is located in Westfield Union County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1980.
 Potter-Allison Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Potter Township Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes nine contributing buildings and one contributing site in Centre Hall. The district includes the Potter-Allison House 19th century wood barn and a variety of outbuildings including a hog barn equipment buildings corn crib stone slaughterhouse and a springhouse. Also on the property are the remains of milling and tanning operations.
 Hamilton Hall is a National Historic Landmark at 9 Chestnut Street in Salem Massachusetts in the Chestnut Street District in Salem Massachusetts. Designed by noted Salem builder Samuel McIntire and built in 1805-07 it is an excellent instance of a public Federalist style building. It was built as a social space for the leading families of Salem and was named for Federalist Party leader Alexander Hamilton.
 Paccar Tower the headquarters of Paccar is a skyscraper in Bellevue Washington. Originally called the Business Center Building when completed in 1970 it was the tallest building in Bellevue.
 The Church of Saint Andrew Liverpool is a ruined church in Rodney Street Liverpool Merseyside England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and before redevelopment was on its Heritage at Risk Register.
 St. Stephen's Anglican Church is a historic stone church located at 45 Donaldson Road in the Buckingham sector of Gatineau Quebec. First organized as a congregation in 1845 St. Stephen's counts itself among the oldest anglophone churches in West Quebec.
 The Williams Memorial Institute is located in New London Connecticut. The house was built in 1891 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 30 1978.
 The Museum of Arts and Crafts Zagreb was established in 1880 by initiative of the Arts Society and its former President Izidor Kršnjavi. The museum is located at Marshal Tito Square opposite to the National Theatre in Zagreb.The museum houses more than 100000 objects spanning from 4th century to the 20th century.
 The Unitarian Society was an historic church building located at 309 North Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts.
 The Gifford Farm is a historic farmhouse at 261 Cotuit Road in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape style house was built c. 1850 and is an unusual local instance of a double house. Rather than having five bays a traditional Cape organization it has a pair of entrances flanked by pairs of windows.
 The Cincinnati Enquirer Building is the former headquarters building for The Cincinnati Enquirer. Located on Vine Street in downtown Cincinnati Ohio United States the Enquirer Building was designed by the firm of Lockwood Greene and Company and completed in 1926. Construction of the building began in 1916 and minor details were only finished in 1928.
 The Jesus Healing And Prophetic Ministries Church is a pat of the Illumini brands based in Trinidad and Tobago belonging to the Illuminati line of churches throughout the world it is Pastored by Pr.Curtis Pegus and his wife Sis.Cathy Pegus in the Barataria area of San Juan a suburb of the San Juan-Laventille Regional Corporation Trinidad T.T. that provides a blend of traditional and contemporary worship as a cover up of what is really happening in the church.
 John Corbley Farm also known as Slave Gallant is a historic home located at Greene Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1796 as a two-storyfive four bay brick dwelling on a stone foundation. It has a gable roof. Its builder Rev. John Corbly (1733–1803) was a founder of the local Baptist church and rebel associated with the Whiskey Rebellion. In 1782 his family was massacred in the Corbly Family Massacre.
 Liverpool Hospital is located approximately 50 minutes drive from the Sydney CBD and is the largest Hospital in New South Wales and one of the leading trauma centres in Australia.It has a capacity of 855 beds 23 operating rooms and 60 critical care beds diagnostic and imaging services emergency and trauma care maternity paediatric cancer care mental health ambulatory care allied health and medical and surgical services from birth to aged care.The Hospital is the major health service for south-western Sydney providing services to the local government area of Liverpool City Council as well as district services to residents and visitors in the area. 
 Raccoon Creek State Park is a 7572-acre (3064 ha) Pennsylvania state park on Raccoon Creek in Hanover and Independence townships in Beaver County Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is about 30 miles (48 km) from the city of Pittsburgh near Hookstown. Raccoon Creek State Park is easily accessed from Pennsylvania Route 18 and U.S Routes 30 and 22.
 The National Civil War Naval Museum at Port Columbus located in Columbus Georgia United States is a 40000-square-foot (3700 m2) facility that features two original American Civil War military vessels uniforms equipment and weapons used by the Union and Confederate navies. It is the only museum in the nation that tells the story of the two navies during the Civil War.
 The former Van Nelle Factory (Dutch: Van Nellefabriek) on the Schie river in Rotterdam is considered a prime example of the International Style.
 Bellwood General Hospital was a hospital in Bellflower California. It was closed April 6 2003.
 North Taunton Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at 1940 Bay Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The small Federal era church was constructed in 1837 in what was a still very rural part of Taunton containing mostly farmland.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The John Legg House is a historic house at 5 Claremont Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The Queen Anne style house was built in 1892 to a design by noted local architect Stephen Earle for John Legg owner of the Worcester Woolens Company one of the city's largest textile businesses. It is a 2.5 story wood frame with an asymmetrical plan. One unusual feature is a first floor bay on the right side which is topped by a parapet.
 The J. Edgar Hoover Building is a high-rise office building located at 935 Pennsylvania Avenue NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. It is the headquarters of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Planning for the building began in 1962 and a site formally selected in January 1963.
 The El Caso Lookout Complex is located in the Gila National Forest north of Apache Creek New Mexico. Built in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration the complex was one of three New Deal-era forest fire lookouts built in Catron County. The other two are the Mangas Mountain Lookout Complex near Old Horse Springs and the Bearwallow Mountain Lookout Complex near Mogollon.
 The Daniel and Esther Bartlett House is located in Redding Connecticut. The house was built in 1796 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1993.It is significant architecturally as a well-preserved Federal architecture example somewhat unusual for its shingle siding.
 The Samuel W. Temple House is a vacant residential structure located 115 West Shawnee Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan in the United States. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986.The house is a two-story gable roofed structure that also has a one-story wing that contains an entrance and porch.
 Boston College Main Campus Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the campus of Boston College in the Chestnut Hill area of Newton Massachusetts.
 Atlantis The Palm is a resort located on Dubai’s reclaimed artificial island The Palm. It was the first resort to be built on the island and is based on the myth of Atlantis includes distinct Arabian elements. The resort opened on September 24 2008 as a joint venture between Kerzner International Holdings Limited and Istithmar.
 Holland Apartments is a historic apartment complex located at 324-326 N. Vermilion St. in Danville Illinois. The building was constructed in two sections; the northern half was built in 1906 while the southern half was completed in 1927. Both sections of the building are designed in the Dutch Revival style; architect Charles M. Lewis developed the original design in 1906. The front and side facades each feature multiple stepped gables; the front-facing gables are flanked by dormers.
 Oulagisket or Lisburne Grange also known as the Sloan Estate is a historic estate located in Garrison New York in Putnam County. It consists of the main house and carriage house (c. 1864) superintendent's cottage (c. 1890) barns (1916) and carpenter's shop (c. 1900). The main house is a 2 1⁄2-story stuccoed masonry building in the Italianate style. It has a large 2-story service wing.
 Paine Furniture Building is an historic building at 75-81 Arlington Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1914 in a Classical Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. Suffolk University's New England School of Art and Design currently occupies part of the building.
 Rustler Park Fire Guard Station in the area of Douglas Arizona was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which is vernacular and other log construction. It was designed by USDA Forest Service architects and served as institutional housing. The listing includes four contributing buildings on 3 acres (1.2 ha).
 Greyledge is a historic home and national historic district located near Buchanan Botetourt County Virginia. It encompasses 13 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 2 contributing structures. The main house was built between 1854 and 1857 and is a symmetrical two-story three-bay two-room-deep center-passage-plan brick house in the Greek Revival style. A two-story east wing was added in 1906. Also on the property are a contributing potato cellar/acetylene house cistern (c.
 All Saints Church is on the north side of the High Street in central Oxford England on the corner of Turl Street. It is now the library of Lincoln College. This former church is Grade I listed.
 Wetherby Town Hall is a Grade II listed community building in Wetherby West Yorkshire England. The town hall no longer plays a major civic function but provides an office which is used by Wetherby Town Council and facilities for local groups and events.
 The Centre hospitalier universitaire Sainte-Justine (CHU Sainte-Justine) is a pediatric and obstetric university health centre affiliated with the Université de Montréal located in Montreal Quebec Canada.Founded in 1907 by Justine Lacoste-Beaubien the CHU Sainte-Justine is one of the largest pediatric health centres in Canada.
 Darbhanga Planetarium is upcoming planetariums-cum-science centres in Darbhanga a northern city of Bihar. The model planetarium in Darbhanga will be spread over an area of three acres.Three acres of Darbhanga polytechnic campus have been identified for the planetarium at Darbhanga.
 Oakwood Center is a major shopping mall owned by General Growth Properties in Terrytown on the West Bank of the Mississippi River in the New Orleans metropolitan area. It was originally named Oakwood Mall and some signage and local usage continues to call it that.
 The Darnall Works is a former steelworks in the Darnall area of Sheffield in England. The only remaining large complex of crucible furnaces the works opened in the 1835 and were frequently extended and adapted until the late 20th-century. Some of the structures at the works are listed buildings at Grade II* and Grade II and part of the site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 The Grand Island Shrine near Colusa California was built in 1883. It has also been known as the The Little Shrine at Sycamore.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. According to its NRHP nomination it is significant as a unique example of vernacular or folk architecture.
 Hunter-Lawrence-Jessup House is located in Woodbury Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1765 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 18 1972.The house is now known as the Hunter-Lawrence-Jessup House Museum and is operated by the Gloucester County Historical Society as a museum of local history.
 Laurens Historic District in Laurens South Carolina is a historic district dating from 1874. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980 and extended in 1986.It includes the Laurens County Courthouse the James Dunklin House William Dunlap Simpson House and other properties that are separately NRHP-listed.
 The Elliott Bridge in North Dakota USA also known as Souris River Bridge was built by Fargo Bridge & Iron Co. in 1902.The bridge was designed to replace a county-owned ferry boat that had been operating across the Souris River at 'the Elliott Place.'It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is owned and maintained by McHenry County.
 St Mary's Church Ellesmere stands on a hill in the town of Ellesmere Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ellesmere the archdeaconry of Salop and the diocese of Hereford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Buffalo Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station also known as the Train Station Restaurant is a historic railway station located at Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Buffalo Rochester and Pittsburgh Railway in 1904. It is a 1 1/2-story wood frame building with weatherboard siding in a railroad vernacular-style. It features a generous overhang on all four sides.
 The Safford House is a historic home in Tarpon Springs Florida. It is located at Parken Place. On October 16 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The house is named for its original owner Anson P.K. Safford.The city of Tarpon Springs owns and operates the Safford House Museum as a late 19th-century Victorian historic house museum.
 The Land's End Plantation in Stonewall Louisiana was established by Colonel Henry and Ben Marshall signer of the Louisiana Ordinance of Secession and the constitution of the Confederate States of America. The house was used as a hospital following the Battle of Mansfield in 1864.Lands End Plantation has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Captain James Newman House is a historic home in Knox County Tennessee located at 8906 Newman Lane. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built adjacent to the French Broad River in 1898 by Captain James Newman who owned and operated a riverboat on the river. Like most houses built along the French Broad River in that era the house had a steamboat landing in its front yard.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Gilmer (FCI Gilmer) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in West Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male inmates.FCI Gilmer is located in central West Virginia 85 miles northeast of Charleston and 150 miles from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 Burgruine Mödling is a ruined castle in Lower Austria.
 The Old Randolph County Courthouse in Pocahontas Arkansas was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973.
 The Queens Own Cameron Highlanders Museum is a military museum in Winnipeg Manitoba. The museum located at the Minto Armoury is dedicated to Manitoba's famous Scottish regiment The Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders of Canada which was first raised in 1910.
 Jesse Robinson House is a historic home located at Seaford Sussex County Delaware United States. It consists of two sections. The earliest section is the rear wing. It was built about 1820 as a single-pile one-room-plan frame house. The front section was added about 1860. It is a two-story single-pile center-hall-plan frame structure five bays in width and resting on a brick foundation.
 The Presidential Palace (Lithuanian: Prezidentūra) located in Vilnius Old Town is the official office and eventual official residence of the President of Lithuania. The palace dates back to the 14th century and during its history it has undergone various reconstructions supervised by prominent architects including Laurynas Gucevičius and Vasily Stasov. In 1997 the palace became the official seat of the President of Lithuania.
 Paradise Valley Hospital (PVH) is an 301 bed acute care facility in National City California. It began operation in 1904 as a sanitarium and is currently under the ownership and operation of Prime Healthcare Services Inc. (PHS) a hospital management company located in Victorville CA. Paradise Valley Hospital is the largest employer in National City with an ethnically diverse workforce of approximately 1500 employees.
 The Tomb of Allama Muhammad Iqbal is a simple but impressive structure located in Lahore Pakistan in the Hazuri Bagh lawn between the Badshahi Mosque and the Lahore Fort where both the grand structures (the Mosque and the Fort) face each other. Official guard is maintained by Pakistan Rangers. The architecture reflects a combination of Afghan and Moorish styles and is entirely constructed of red sandstone.
 The Indian Shaker Church and Gulick Homestead are an ensemble of historic buildings in The Dalles Oregon United States. Built by Henry Gulick directly on the Columbia riverbank in the 1890s it is the only remaining 19th century fishing homestead in Oregon. Gulick an employee of the locally-important Seufert salmon canning concern included a church building in the complex in ca. 1896 for his wife Harriet a member of the Wasco people.
 Voorhees Mall is a large grassy area with stately shade trees on a block (sometimes known as Voorhees Campus) of about 28 acres (0.11 km²) located on the College Avenue Campus of Rutgers University near downtown New Brunswick New Jersey. An eclectic mix of architectural styles Voorhees Mall is lined by many historic academic buildings. The block is bound by Hamilton Street (to the east) George Street (north) College Avenue (south) and Seminary Place (west).
 The Church of the Holy Communion Episcopal is an historic stone Episcopal church building located at 116 North Minnesota Avenue St. Peter Minnesota United States. Designed by noted ecclesiastical architect Henry Martyn Congdon of New York City in the Gothic Revival style of architecture it was built in 1869 of Kasota limestone. It features buttresses and a steeply sloping gabled roof with smaller gabled eye-windows on each slope of the roof.
 St. Gabriel's Catholic Parish Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at 122-142 S. Wyoming Street in Hazleton Luzerne County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of the church (1925) rectory (1907-1908) and former convent (1937). The church is a high French Gothic Revival steel frame building clad in pink granite ashlar with Indiana limestone trim. It features twin bell towers with triple entrance portals at the front facade.
 West Ravendale Priory was a Premonstratensian priory in North East Lincolnshire England. The site of the priory lies 7 miles (11 km) south-west of Grimsby and 1 mile (1.6 km) west of the A18. Its previous position is defined by earthworks and rubble. The ruins are Grade II listed and lie within the civil parish of East Ravendale.The priory was founded in 1202 by Alan son of Henry Earl of Brittany as a cell of the Premonstratensian abbey of Beaufort in Brittany.
 Chapel of St Helen (also St Helen’s Chapel) is an ancient religious building in Wicken Bonhunt north-west Essex. It dates from around the 11th century and is believed to be one of the oldest surviving buildings in the east of England.
 The Nyack Ranger Station Historic District encompasses the remnants of the former ranger station. Only two buildings now remain: the barn built in 1935 from plans by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design and the fire cache cabin built by Austin Weikert in 1935.
 Weston General Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in the town of Weston-super-Mare North Somerset England operated by Weston Area Health NHS Trust (WAHT). It has an Accident & Emergency department an intensive care unit an Oncology and Haematology day unit and a day case unit. Weston General has 320 beds and 1700 staff and has the largest midwifery-led maternity unit in the country.
 Malmö Synagogue (Swedish: Malmö synagoga Hebrew: בית הכנסת של מאלמו‎) is the only synagogue in Malmö Sweden. It was built in 1903 and designed by the architect John Smedberg. It has an Art Nouveau and Moorish Revival design. The services of worship are orthodox.
 St Michael's Church Berechurch is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Berechurch Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the south side of Berechurch Hall Road south of the town of Colchester.
 Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church (now known as Knoxville House of Faith) is a historic church at 416 Lovenia Avenue in Knoxville Tennessee in the Fourth and Gill historic district.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The sanctuary features high vaulted ceilings.The building currently houses a small Pentecostal congregation.
 General Greene Hotel also known as the Hotel Rappe and Greensburger Hotel was a historic hotel located at Greensburg Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 16 1980. It was delisted in 1988 after being demolished.
 Knox Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Canada Congregation in the Georgetown section of Halton Hills Ontario Canada. It is named after John Knox a founder of Presbyterianism in Scotland.Knox Church officially began in 1860. A one-storey brick church was erected in 1867. This was the first brick church in Halton County[citation needed] and was located at the present Main St. & Church St.
 The Busan Lotte Town Tower also known as Busan Lotte World Tower is a 108-floor 510.1 m (1674 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Busan South Korea. The tower is planned on a site next to Nampo-dong station on Busan Subway Line 1 and completion is expected in 2016 at earliest.The tower is the centerpiece of the new Busan Lotte Town and construction is being carried in four phases. The first phase includes a department store completed in 2009.
 The Robert N.C. Nix Sr. Federal Building formerly known as the United States Court House and Post Office Building is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania built in 1937-1941. It was designed by Harry Sternfeld in the Moderne style and features several sculptures and reliefs by Donald De Lue and Edmond Amateis. It was renamed in honor of longtime Philadelphia congressman Robert N.C. Nix Sr. sometime before 1989 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Camp Butler National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located a few miles northeast of Springfield and a few miles southwest of Riverton a small town nearby to Springfield in Sangamon County Illinois. It was named for Illinois State Treasurer at the time of its establishment William Butler. It occupies approximately 53 acres (21 ha) and is the site of 19824 interments as of the end of 2005.
 The Saskatchewan Legislative Building is located in Regina Saskatchewan Canada and houses the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
 Maryvale Mall was the second shopping mall in Phoenix Arizona before being redeveloped it was located on 51st Avenue and Indian School Road. Today it exists partially as a middle school elementary school and police station. Before conversion to an indoor shopping mall Maryvale Mall was originally known as Maryvale Shopping City.
 St Saviour's Church Cuerden is in the village of Cuerden Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Leyland the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Ledyanaya (Russian: Ледяная) is a railway station on the Trans-Baikal Railway in the Svobodnensky District located in the Amur Oblast near the town of Svobodny. The station has use in the construction and serving of the newly build spaceport Vostochny Cosmodrome.
 Cowpens Furnace Site (38CK73) is the remains of an early 19th-century iron-making furnace in Cherokee County South Carolina. The site shows early American iron-making technology. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Iron making began in Upstate South Carolina just before the Revolutionary War.
 The Tootal Broadhurst and Lee Building (subsequently Churchgate House) at No. 56 Oxford Street in Manchester England is a late Victorian warehouse and office block built in an Edwardian Baroque style for a firm of textile manufacturers. It was designed by J. Gibbons Sankey and constructed between 1896 and 1898.
 Sydenham Heritage Church originally known as the Colombo Street Methodist Church or Colombo Street Wesleyan Church or Colombo Road Wesleyan Church was a heritage-listed stone church building located in Sydenham an inner suburb Christchurch New Zealand. It was registered as an Historic Place – Category II  by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 St Stephen's Church is a church in Bath Somerset England.Designed to serve the spiritual needs of northeast Bath by James Wilson and built between 1840-1845 from Bath Stone a limestone sourced from the Limpley Stoke mine which is situated in the Limpley Stoke Valley.St Stephen's Church on Lansdown Road in Walcot cost £6000. The constructed church however remained unconsecrated until 1881.
 Granite Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was designed by J. Foster Warner in 1893 and at 12 stories with 23 acres (9.3 ha) of floor space was the city's first skeletal steel skyscraper. Its facade is a mix of Second Renaissance Revival style and Beaux-Arts style classical details. It is characterized by recessed monumental four story granite columns supporting recessed arches.
 Duffields Depot is a former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad station on the National Register of Historic Places located in the village of Duffields West Virginia near Shenandoah Junction. Built in 1839 the depot is the second oldest surviving B&O depot. Only the Ellicott City Station in Ellicott City Maryland is older. The depot and its enviroins were a significant focus of activity during the American Civil War culminating in the Greenback Raid of 1864.
 The Sindh Institute of Urology and Transplantation ('SIUT') is a prestigious dialysis & kidney transplant centre located in Pakistan.SIUT was founded by Dr. Adibul Hasan Rizvi and it is Pakistan's largest kidney disease center as well as Pakistan's largest public sector health organisation. It began as a department of urology at the government-run Civil Hospital in 1970 and became autonomous in 1991.
 The Galleria is Land Securities’ designer outlet centre at Hatfield Hertfordshire opened in 1991.
 The Trent Bridge Inn in Nottingham is an important landmark that is notable as the Trent Bridge Cricket Ground was placed here in a field behind this pub. The ground by the pub was also the first home of the Notts County Football Club. The pub is now operated by Wetherspoons.
 The Maxwell Woodhull House is a historic residence located at 2033 G Street in Northwest Washington D.C..
 Providence Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery at 10140 Providence Road in Matthews North Carolina (Charlotte North Carolina).It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Lighthouse Cinema was a single screen cinema hall and heritage building located in Humayun Place in New Market next to New Empire Kolkata West Bengal India.
 The National Museum of Art of Romania (Romanian: Muzeul Naţional de Artă al României) is located in the former royal palace in Revolution Square central Bucharest Romania completed in 1837. It features notable collections of medieval and modern Romanian art as well as the international collection assembled by the Romanian royal family.In 2005 the National Museum of Art opened the exhibition Shadows and Light from 15 July to 2 October.
 Toronto Free Gallery is a not-for-profit art space dedicated to providing a forum for social justice cultural urban and environmental issues expressed through all media. Toronto Free Gallery’s role is to be a creative laboratory that aims to provide artists with a space to experiment explore new ideas question norms and challenge both themselves and their audiences.
 Noor ud Din Mosque in Darmstadt Germany is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. The foundation stone was laid in 2002 and was inaugurated in August 2003 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad the 5th Caliph of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
 Beckley Feed and Hardware Company is a historic commercial building located at Beckley Raleigh County West Virginia. The original section was built in 1935 and expanded in 1951. The original section is a two story building constructed of glazed ceramic block. The 1951 wing is one story in height with a brick facade and a wall of windows.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Church of the Holy Cross at Soradir is a 6th-century Armenian monastic complex in south-eastern Turkey. It is situated west of the village of Yanal near the town and district of Başkale in Van Province.
 The Clark House also known as the Rev. Francis E. Clark House is an historic house at located at 379 Central Street in the village of Auburndale in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1895 in the Queen Anne style of architecture it was the home of the Rev. Francis Edward Clark founder of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour. On September 4 1986 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 World Trade Center Building (世界貿易センタービル) is a 40-story commercial skyscraper located in Hamamatsuchō Minato Tokyo. Completed in 1970 the building is one of Japan's earliest skyscrapers.
 The French Laundry is a French restaurant located in Yountville California in the Napa Valley. The chef and owner of the French Laundry is Thomas Keller. The restaurant building dates from 1900 and is in the National Register of Historic Places.The French Laundry is frequently honored by inclusion in the annual Restaurant Magazine list of the Top 50 Restaurants of the World (having been named Best Restaurant in the World in 2003 and 2004).
 The Kritser House in Independence Missouri is a building from 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Kuningan Place is an apartment and office complex located in Kuningan Jakarta Indonesia. The building is composed of 3 towers—namely Lumina Infinia and Ultima—that will also house a 1200 seat auditorium on the 2nd 3rd and 4th floor.The building will house 351 apartment and office units.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. It is a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. The building is a contributing property in the Fifth Street Bluff Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Glencoe is a historic home and resort complex located at Glencoe Baltimore County Maryland. It consists if a complex of Italianate-influenced domestic buildings and structures clustered around a square two-story frame dwelling. The house features a broad porch which wraps around two sides with an iron-railed deck atop the porch. Four interior brick chimneys rise around a central observation deck.
 The City of Calgary Water Centre is the headquarters of Calgary's Water Resources and Water Services' staff housing its 460 professional and 314 field staff. The four-story office building was completed in 2008 and upon opening was both the largest LEED-rated office building in Alberta and Alberta's first Gold-certified building.
 Richfield Tower also known as the Richfield Oil Company Building was constructed between 1928 and 1929 and served as the headquarters of Richfield Oil. It was designed by Stiles O. Clements and featured a black and gold Art Deco façade. The unusual color scheme was meant to symbolize the black gold that was Richfield's business. Haig Patigian did the exterior sculptures.
 Henry Probasco House is a registered historic single-dwelling house in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. It was built from 1859–1866 for Henry Probasco and his wife Julia Amanda on a 20-acre (8.1 ha) estate. Probasco is known for donating the Tyler Davidson Fountain to the city.
 The New Opera House in Charles Town West Virginia confusingly also known as the Old Opera House or simply The Opera House is a restored theater designed by T.A. Mullett of Washington D.C. son of architect Alfred B. Mullett. The theater opened in 1911 bringing minstrel shows vaudeville touring theater groups circuses and wild west shows to Charles Town. By the 1930s a projection machine was installed but the theater closed in 1948.
 The John H. McGill House is a historic house at 56 Vernon Street in Medford Massachusetts.The Colonial Revival house was built by Robert Coit in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Ashcroft is a historic home located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick home with a high pitched slate roof with projecting eaves. It is a large Gothic Revival style country house set deep in the midst of once carefully landscaped grounds. The house and property were designed by Calvert Vaux in 1862.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Stillwell-Preston House also known as Riverwind (after the off-Broadway play of 1962) is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1800 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986. It began as a farmhouse. When improvements were made in the 1960s square nails handmade by a blacksmith were removed from the walls.
 Saint John the Baptist Church (Hungarian: Keresztelő Szent János Plébánia) is a baroque parish style church in the city center of Târgu Mureș.
 Brendle Farms also known as the Alexander Schaeffer Farm and Sheetz Farm is a historic home and farm located at Schaefferstown in Heidelberg Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story Swiss bank house with a large arched wine cellar and distillery. Also on the property are a contributing bank barn (c. 1894) stone pigsty (c. 1740) limestone smokehouse wheat barn (c. 1840) and wagon shed and corn crib.
 505 CST is a proposed mixed-use skyscraper in downtown Nashville Tennessee. If built 505 CST will stand on the location originally intended for the cancelled Signature Tower. The building will contain 26 office floors plus a lobby a 6-floor 200-room hotel restaurant and retail space a 1000-car below-ground parking garage and a conference center.
 The North East Aircraft Museum is a volunteer-run aviation museum situated on the site of the former RAF Usworth/Sunderland Airport between Washington and Sunderland England. The museum has the largest aviation collection between Yorkshire and Scotland and houses over 30 aircraft and a wide collection of aero engines.
 The Toufic H. Kalil House is a structure built by Frank Lloyd Wright in Manchester New Hampshire in 1955. The Usonian Automatic design of this house allowed Wright to meet the requirements of Dr. Toufic and Mildred Kalil a professional couple. Wright used the term Usonian Automatic to describe the design of economical Usonian style houses constructed of modular concrete blocks.
 Newport Centre is a shopping mall in Jersey City New Jersey that opened in 1987. It is a major component of the enormous Newport Jersey City mixed-use community on the Hudson River waterfront across from lower Manhattan New York. One of eleven shopping malls in New Jersey managed by Simon Property Group it is located at 30 Mall Drive West and is bound by Henderson Street on the west Mall Drive East on the east 6th Street on the south and Newport Parkway on the north.
 The Fredericks House in Prescott Arizona was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Westin Dragonara Hotel is a hotel in Paceville Malta. Positioned on a peninsula known as Dargonara Point in Malta the hotel is situated 5 minutes away from the island's major highway which connects all major sites in Malta.
 Clínica Alemana de Santiago [The German Hospital of Santiago] is a Chilean private health care facility. It is located in the eastern sector of Santiago de Chile with two facilities: one on Avenida Vitacura (in the Viticura neighborhood) and the other in La Dehesa.The German Hospital is affiliated with the German-Chilean Beneficence Corporation which was created in 2000 to replace the Beneficent Society of the German Hospital created on 5 July 1905.
 The Pueblo Federal Building is a historic government building in Pueblo Colorado United States. The building serves as a federal courthouse and post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Pinacoteca Eduardo Úrculo is an arts center and municipal art gallery located on Calle La Union in La Felguera Langreo Asturias Spain specializing in the period of the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939). It opened in 27 April 2007 and was formed by the Langreo City Council with donations from the Cultural Society La Carbonera.
 The Oriental Pearl Radio & TV Tower (Chinese: 东方明珠塔; pinyin: Dōngfāng Míngzhūtǎ official name: 东方明珠广播电视塔) is a TV tower in Shanghai China. Its location at the tip of Lujiazui in the Pudong district by the side of Huangpu River opposite The Bund makes it a distinct landmark in the area.Its principal designers were Jiang Huan Chen Lin Benlin and Zhang Xiulin. Construction began in 1991 and the tower was completed in 1994.
 The Codman House (also known as The Grange) is a historic house set on a 16-acre (6.5 ha) estate at 36 Codman Road Lincoln Massachusetts. Thanks to a gift by Dorothy Codman it has been owned by Historic New England since 1969 and is open to the public June 1–October 15 on the second and fourth Saturdays of the month. An admission fee is charged. The main house was originally Georgian in style and was built in approximately 1735 by Chambers Russell I.
 The Warren Fox Building is a historic commercial building at 190—196 Middlesex Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1884 by Warren Fox and is a good example of commercial Queen Anne architecture.
 1 Place Ville Marie (PVM) formerly Royal Bank Tower taken from its anchor tenant is a 188 m (617 ft) with 47-storey cruciform office tower built in the International style in 1962 arguably the most distinctive building in Montreal Quebec Canada. It was built in the 1960s as the headquarters of the Royal Bank of Canada.
 Factory Bridge also known as Horsham Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in White Deer Township Union County Pennsylvania. It is a 60-foot-long (18 m) King and Queen truss bridge constructed in 1880 and repaired in 1954 and 1976. It crosses the White Deer Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Mackay Base Hospital is the major hospital for the Central Queensland Region situated in Mackay Queensland Australia. It is located around 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Mackay city centre.The Hospital offers general services to a population of approximately 135 000 throughout Mackay and the surrounding areas including referrals from Moranbah and parts of the Bowen region.
 The Godwin-Knowles House (also known as the Masonic Temple) is a historic former house in downtown East Liverpool Ohio United States. A Colonial Revival structure built in 1890 it has played important parts both in the city's industry and in its society.The house was constructed for a Mr. Goodwin a leader in the pottery industry.
 The E. N. Jenckes Store is an historic store on Main Street in Douglas Massachusetts. The Greek Revival two story wood frame structure was built in 1833; it features a side-gable configuration in which the roof overhangs a two story porch. The store was built by Elias Balcome but was operated by members of the Jenckes family for most of the 20th century.
 Fort Sam Houston is a U.S.
 The Willa Cather Birthplace also known as the Rachel E. Boak House is the site near Gore Frederick County Virginia where the Pulitzer Prize-winning author Willa Cather was born in 1873. Built in the early 19th century by her great-grandfather Jacob Seibert the house was added onto and remodeled in 1850. Cather's maternal grandmother Rachel E. Boak lived in the house at the time of her parents' marriage in 1872.
 First United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church now located at 1322 19th Street in Auburn Nebraska United States.The church was organized in 1887 as the Calvert Presbyterian Church. The building built in 1906 was designed by Eisenbrant Pattenger and Colby in Late Gothic Revival style with auditorium style seating and other features of an Akron Plan church. On July 15 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Eghegnamor monastery is a well-preserved medieval Armenian monastery in the middle of Çengelli (formerly Eghegnamor) village near Kağızman city of modern Turkey. Its great bulk and solidity still dominating the small crudely built flat-roofed houses of the village. .
 Fort Phoenix is an American Revolutionary War-era fort located at the entrance to the Fairhaven-New Bedford harbor south of U.S. 6 in Fort Phoenix Park in Fairhaven Massachusetts.On September 5–6 1778 Fort Phoenix was destroyed by the British when they were raiding the harbor.
 Sistersville Historic District is a national historic district located at Sistersville Tyler County West Virginia. It encompasses 215 contributing buildings and one contributing structure that include the civic commercial and residential core of Sistersville. Most of the buildings in the district date from the late-19th and early-20th century in popular architectural styles such as Greek Revival Colonial Revival and Late Victorian.
 De Heer Kocken is a restaurant in Vught Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2009-present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Heer Kocken is John Kocken.
 Luleå Cathedral (Swedish: Luleå domkyrka) in Luleå Sweden serves the Diocese of Luleå and the local Church of Sweden parish Luleå Cathedral Parish (Luleå domkyrkoförsamling).It was consecrated in 1893. The church was originally named Oscar Fredrik Church (Oscar Fredriks kyrka) after the King Oscar (Fredrik) II. It became cathedral when the Diocese of Luleå was formed in 1904.
 The Boone-Douthit House is located on the outskirts of Pendleton South Carolina. The house is an excellent example of how an “upstate” (western) South Carolina plantation house has been expanded as its occupant’s needs changed over time and/or as the occupants pursued other interests.
 Mansfield Correctional Institution (MANCI) is an Ohio Department of Corrections mixed-security state prison for men located at 1150 North Main Street in Mansfield Ohio adjacent to the property of the historic Ohio State Reformatory. Ohio's Richland Correctional Institution is also located in Mansfield. The facility opened in 1990 and has a capacity of 2523 inmates. In 2005 the state's death row inmates were transferred from Mansfield to the Ohio State Penitentiary in Youngstown Ohio.
 The Clover Hill Tavern with its guest house and slave quarters are structures within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. They were registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 Benevento Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta or Duomo di Benevento) is a religious building in Benevento southern Italy. The church dates to the Lombard foundation of the Duchy of Benevento in the late 8th century but after its destruction during Allied bombings in the course of World War II it was largely rebuilt in the 1960s.
 Caversham Park is a Victorian stately home with parkland in the suburb of Caversham on the outskirts of Reading England. Historically it was in Oxfordshire but since 1911 it has been in Berkshire.
 The First Baptist Church in America is the First Baptist Church of Providence Rhode Island also known as First Baptist Meetinghouse. The oldest Baptist church congregation in the United States it was founded by Roger Williams in Providence Rhode Island in 1638. The present church building was erected in 1774–75 and held its first meetings in May 1775.
 Sulitjelma Church (Norwegian: Sulitjelma kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sulitjelma. The church is part of the Sulitjelma parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1899 and it was consecrated on 12 November 1899 by Bishop Peter Wilhelm Bøckman. The church seats about 250 people.
 Callicoon National Bank also known as Delaware Free Library is a historic bank building located at Callicoon in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1913 and is a two story masonry building rectangular in plan with a flat roof. The symmetrical bluestone facade features a pedimented entrance with Ionic order columns in antis. A bank occupied the building until 1967; in 1970 it was occupied by the library.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Triangle School is a property in Fairview Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It has also been known as New Union Valley School.It was built in 1938 and includes Colonial Revival architecture.The NRHP eligibility of the property was addressed in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Official All Star Cafe was a chain of sports themed restaurants developed by Planet Hollywood. Planet Hollywood recruited Wayne Gretzky Joe Montana Shaquille O'Neal Ken Griffey Jr. Andre Agassi and Monica Seles to invest in the concept.
 The Oshawa Community Museum and Archives is a historical museum founded by the Oshawa Historical Society located in Oshawa Ontario Canada. It has a dual role as a museum; exhibits for the general public and archival storage of the city's historical documents. Every building in the museum is designated under the Ontario Heritage Act The museum preserves and celebrates the history of Oshawa and the surrounding area from the 15th century to the present day.
 Baskerville House previously called the Civic Centre is a former civic building in Centenary Square Birmingham England.
 Ken Dala Towers is a proposed residential building project in Astana Kazakhstan. The project will have three towers of 34 floors each and will reach a structural height of 110 m.
 The International Temple Supreme Assembly Order of the Rainbow for Girls is a building in McAlester Oklahoma United States that serves as the headquarters for the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 14 2013.The Order of the Rainbow for Girls was founded in McAlester on April 6 1922 by Rev. W. Mark Sexson. From the initial installation class of 86 girls the Order grew to 50000 members in 1940.
 The Great Northern Tower designed by Assael Architecture is a 72 metres (236 ft) sloped highrise apartment building located on Watson Street in Manchester city centre England. The building was proposed in 2001 and construction began in 2004 with completion in 2007. The total cost of the development was £32800000 and comprises 257 apartments.
 Skodje Church (Norwegian: Skodje kyrkje) is a parish church in Skodje Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Skodje. The church is part of the Skodje parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1860 by the architect F. Meinhardt. The church seats about 350 people.
 Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church in Minneapolis Minnesota United States adjacent to the University of Minnesota East Bank campus. The church was built in 1915-1917 by a Swedish Lutheran congregation to serve university students. It was designed by Chapman and Magney and built in the Gothic Revival style.The congregation was organized in Minneapolis in 1903 by the Swedish immigrant-dominated Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church.
 The Percy W. Bridgman House is an historic house located at 10 Buckingham Place in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark notable for its associations with Dr. Percy Williams Bridgman a physicist Nobel Prize winner and Harvard University professor. It is now part of the Buckingham Browne & Nichols (BBN) Lower School campus.The house is an architecturally undistinguished 2.5 story house built about 1920 in a Neo-Rationalist style.
 Peabody City Hall is the historic city hall of Peabody Massachusetts. It is located at 24 Lowell Street near Peabody Square. The three story Second Empire brick building was built in 1883. It follows a roughly square plan with central projecting sections on each side and a steeply pitched mansard-style roof with turret-like sections at the building corners.
 Faith Mission also known as Hotel Savoy at 409 State St. in Santa Barbara California was built in 1889. It was designed by architect Peter J. Barber in Stick/Eastlake and Italianate architectural styles. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It has served as a religious structure and as a hotel and was listed for its architecture.
 Risinghoe Castle sometimes known as Goldington Castle is a 20 foot mound located in the former village of Goldington a parish in the hundred of Barford in the county of Bedfordshire England. The village of Goldington has now been incorporated into the town of Bedford and the castle is now officially is located in Newnham ward. The mound is located on the north side of the river Ouse three miles east of Bedford Castle and a mile west of Renhold Castle
 Seven Oaks Estate the former Charles F. Park estate is a historic estate located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. The main estate house is a large clapboarded structure built in 1862 in the Gothic Revival style. The house features a projecting central bay and full-width verandah. Also on the property are a coachman's house built about 1862 and four subsidiary outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Kline Biology Tower is a skyscraper in New Haven Connecticut. The building is home to the Yale University Department of Biology and is currently the fourth-tallest building in New Haven. It was the tallest building in city from 1966 to 1969 and was designed by Philip Johnson who also designed the nearby—and architecturally related—Kline Geology and Chemistry Laboratories.
 The Free Frank McWorter Grave Site near the Pike County Illinois city of Barry is the grave site of former slave Frank McWorter. McWorter originally from South Carolina bought his and 14 other slave relatives' freedom during the mid-19th century in Kentucky.In 1836 he was the first African American before the American Civil War to plat and register a town New Philadelphia Illinois.
 The Tasin House at 202 N. Wheeler in Victoria Texas was built in 1911 by building contractors Bailey Mills. It was designed by Praeger & Hull. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The William W. Early House is a Queen Anne-style house located at Brandywine in Prince George's County Maryland United States and is privately owned. It was constructed in 1907. According to a 1989 Historic American Buildings Survey report on the house The William W. Early House is probably the best example of turn-of-the-century Queen Anne-style domestic architecture in the county.
 AlphaOne Mall is a shopping mall located at Vastrapur Ahmedabad India. The mall was opened in October 2011 and is the largest mixed used city centre in Ahmedabad.
 Chester Hall also known as Rye Hall is a historic home located at Chestertown Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It is a large brick Federal style Flemish bond brick dwelling constructed in the 1790s. The house measures approximately 48 feet by 36 feet and is two stories tall above a high basement.Chester Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Humber River Regional Hospital is a hospital network in Toronto Ontario. It operates three hospitals located in the districts of North York and York: York-Finch campus (43°45′15″N 79°31′35″W) — formerly York-Finch Hospital Church Street campus (43°42′34″N 79°30′36″W) — formerly Humber Memorial Hospital and Keele Street campus (43°41′51″N 79°28′27″W) — formerly Northwestern Hospital.
 Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada is a large teaching hospital affiliated with Dalhousie University. Administratively it is part of the Capital District Health Authority.
 Capt. Gershom Bradford House is an historic house in Duxbury Massachusetts.The house was built in 1807 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is owned and operated by the Duxbury Rural and Historical Society as a historic house museum and has been decorated with original Bradford family furnishings to appear as it did during the 1840s.
 The William R. Jones House is an historic house at 307 Harvard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1865 for William R. Jones a soap manufacturer. The Second Empire house has a rare example in Cambridge of a curvilinear front gable in which is an oculus window. The front facade is sided in flushboard giving the appearance of ashlar stone.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Cyprus Turkish Islamic Community of Victoria more commonly known as the Sunshine Mosque is an Ottoman/Turkish-style mosque in Sunshine a suburb of Melbourne Australia. The Mosque contains 17 domes a minaret and a courtyard.
 The Rundel Memorial Building is a historic library building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is the original downtown site of the Rochester Public Library and along with the Bausch & Lomb Library Building directly across the street serves as the Central Library of Rochester and Monroe County. It is a framed in reinforced concrete and faced in smooth Indiana limestone.
 The Rogers House is a historic home in Daytona Beach Florida United States. It is located at 436 North Beach Street. On September 11 1986 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The First International Bank Tower is a skyscraper on Rothschild Boulevard in the center of Tel Aviv Israel.At 132 meters in height over 32 floors the tower is Israel's fourteenth tallest building. It was designed by Pei Cobb Freed & Partners Nir-Kuts Architects and Amnon Bar Or Architects inspired by the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong which was designed by the same firm. Construction of the tower began in early 2003 after the plans were approved in October 2002.
 Greaves Hall was a country house on the outskirts of Banks in Lancashire England built in a Tudorbethan style for Thomas Talbot Leyland Scarisbrick in 1900.
 The Park House Hotel is an historic apartment building in downtown Iowa City Iowa. The building was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It operated as a hotel for about 10 years before becoming St. Agatha's Female Seminary. For a while it was known as the Burkeley Apartments. Deteriorating badly the building was almost demolished in the late 1990s but was renovated and restored.
 Sentech Tower also known as and originally called the Brixton Tower or Albert Hertzog Tower respectively is a 237 m-high (778 ft) South African concrete television tower. It is a well-known and easily identifiable landmark in the city alongside its architectural cousin the Hillbrow Tower.
 Presqu'ile or Presqui'ile (pronounced Preesk-eel) the French term for peninsula was an appropriate name for the house built at 2 Amherst St. Charleston South Carolina between 1802 and 1808 because at the time the house stood on a finger of high ground that projected into the marshes of the Cooper River. The builder Jacob Belser was a planter attorney and state senator (1812–15). Subsequent owners included Theodore S. Marion Joshua T. Ward Maj.
 The Museum of Vuk and Dositej (Serbian: Музеј Вука и Доситеја/Muzej Vuka i Dositeja) is one of the most important memorial museums in Belgrade the capital of Serbia. Founded in 1949 it depicts the life work and legacy of Vuk Stefanović Karadžić (1787–1864) the reformer of the Serbian language and Dositej Obradović (1742–1811) a writer who was the country's first Minister of Education.
 Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea (PAC) is a contemporary art museum in Milan Italy. It is located in via Palestro near Giardini Pubblici Indro Montanelli.
 J. N. B. Crim House is a historic home located at Elk City Barbour County West Virginia. It was built in 1874-1875 and is a two story L-shaped Italianate style brick house. It features an entrance portico with a flat roof supported by eight wrought iron columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Fort Van Meter is a mid-18th century frontier fort in the South Branch Potomac River Valley about 9 miles (14 km) southwest of Romney in Hampshire County West Virginia USA.
 Mays Island (or May's Island) is a small island in the Cedar River in Cedar Rapids Iowa. Functioning as a civic center rather much like the Île de la Cité it is the site of the city hall the Linn County Courthouse and the county jail. It was listed as an Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The island and all of these buildings were devastated by the 2008 flood of the Cedar River with water reaching above the first floors.
 All Saints Church is the United Reformed Church in Burgess Hill. Originally a Congregational church it replaced Burgess Hill's first Congregational chapel in Grove Road. It was registered as Junction Road Church.It is a Classical building with a large portico and columns — an unusual style for such a late construction date (1881). John Betjeman thought it was the Burgess Hill's only decent piece of architecture.The exterior was painted in 1986 and the pews were removed in 2001.
 Middlemore Hospital is a major hospital in the suburb of Otahuhu Manukau City New Zealand. The largest hospital operated by the Counties Manukau District Health Board it offers tertiary-level (hospital and specialist) care as well as a range of other health and social services for the Counties Manukau.
 The Collins Block is located at the intersection of East Hopkins Avenue and South Mill Street in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a brick and stone structure erected in the early 1890s. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with many other historic properties in the city.It was the last major construction project in the city before the silver-mining industry mainstay of Aspen's economy collapsed following the repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act.
 The Nazing Court Apartments are an historic site at 224-236 Seaver Street and 1-8 Nazing Court inBoston Massachusetts.The apartments were built in 1929 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.
 The Commissariat Building Bytown Museum is a small museum in Ottawa located on the lower locks of the Rideau Canal at the Ottawa River just below Parliament Hill.The museum was opened in 1917 by the Women’s Canadian Historical Society of Ottawa (WCHSO) to house the collection of artifacts that the society had amassed since its founding in 1898.
 Maclear Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Elundini Local Municipality area in Maclear Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The John R. Commons House is located in Madison Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Edith's Church Shocklach stands at the end of an isolated lane running toward the River Dee about 1 mile (2 km) to the north of the village of Shocklach Cheshire England. It is a small Norman church and is one of the oldest ecclesiastical buildings in Cheshire. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and its simple Norman work is considered to be unique in Cheshire.
 The Colora Meetinghouse is a historic Friends (or Quaker) meeting house located at Colora Cecil County Maryland United States. It is six bays wide and one room deep and measures 36 feet by 22 feet in the traditional plan with separate entrances for the men and women and a sliding divider to separate the interior into two areas. The meeting house was built in 1841 because of a doctrinal division in the West Nottingham Friends Meeting.
 The Jireh Bull Blockhouse (also known as the Jireh Bull Garrison House or Jireh Bull Block House) is an historic site on Middlebridge Road (RI-926) in South Kingstown Rhode Island on Tower Hill.In 1657 the original blockhouse was built by Jireh Bull son of Rhode Island Governor Henry Bull. The stone garrison house was burned by the Native Americans in King Phillip's War on December 15 1675 and its fifteen defenders were massacred.
 The Ohio Savings Plaza is a commercial high-rise building in Cleveland Ohio. The building rises 253 feet (77 m) in Downtown Cleveland. It contains 17 floors and was completed in 1969. The Ohio Savings Plaza currently stands as the 29th-tallest building in the city tied in rank with the Penton Media Building and Ameritech Center. The architect who designed the building was George S. Ryder.
 St. Jude's Cathedral (formally the Cathedral of St. Simon and St. Jude) is the Anglican cathedral in Iqaluit Nunavut Canada. The cathedral is the seat of the Diocese of The Arctic which covers the Northwest Territories Nunavut and the Nunavik region of Northern Quebec. It has the greatest area of any Anglican diocese in the world. The cathedral is also the parish church for the parish of Iqaluit and holds services in English and Inuktitut.
 The Paintsville Country Club is a historic country club located just east of Paintsville Kentucky United States. The land on which the building is located was donated by Paul B. Hall who was Paintsville Medical Center's Chief of Staff from 1934-1981. Although the city of Paintsville owns the country club the golf course is privately owned.
 The Château de Labastide-Paumès is a 16th-century castle in the commune of Labastide-Paumès in the Haute-Garonne département of France. It includes a large tower with a spiral staircase.Privately owned it has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Nuits also known as the Cottenet-Brown House is an Italian villa-style house located in the Ardsley-on-Hudson section of the village of Irvington New York United States. It is a stone Italian villa-style house built in the mid-19th century. In 1977 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is the only surviving example of the early residential architecture of Detlef Lienau.
 High Banks also known as the Helm-Clevenger House is a historic home and farm located near Stephenson Frederick County Virginia. The house was built about 1753 and is a two-story three bay by two bay center-hall double-pile limestone dwelling. It has a one-story two-bay by three-bay frame addition and a frame rear wing. The front porch and interior features detailing in the late Greek Revival added about 1858.
 Corrigan Tower also known as 1900 Pacific is a high rise located at 1900 Pacific Avenue in the City Center District of Dallas Texas. The building contains 20 floors of office space and is of modernist design. It is situated on the high-traffic corner of St. Paul Street Live Oak Street and Pacific Avenue across from Aston Park and the future Pacific Plaza Park. It lies within the Harwood Historic District but is not a contributing structure.
 Calvary Memorial Church is an independent church in Oak Park Illinois.
 Sather Gate is a prominent landmark separating Sproul Plaza from the bridge over Strawberry Creek leading to the center of the University of California Berkeley campus. The gate was donated by Jane K. Sather a benefactor of the university in memory of her late husband Peder Sather a trustee of the College of California which later became the University of California. It is California Historical Landmark No. 946 and No. 82004649 in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Monklands District General Hospital is a district general hospital in Airdrie North Lanarkshire Scotland. Administered by NHS Lanarkshire it serves a population of approximately 260000 people of North and South Lanarkshire council areas. The hospital has recently been in the Scottish media due to the decision to downgrade the accident and emergency A&E department and subsequent reversal of this decision by the newly elected Scottish Government.
 Teapot Island is a teapot museum in Kent England. The museum grew from the personal teapot collection of owner Sue Blazye which started when her grandmother gave her a teapot in 1983 encouraging other family members and friends to do the same. The growth of her collection eventually led to her needing a larger space to house it and she established Teapot Island in Yalding in November 2002.
 The Rice Northwest Museum of Rocks and Minerals is a non-profit museum in Hillsboro Oregon United States. Located just north of the Sunset Highway on the northern edge of Hillsboro the earth science museum is in the Portland metropolitan area. Opened in 1997 the museum’s collections date to the 1930s with the museum housed in a home built to display the rock and mineral collections of the museum founders.
 Central Library is a public library in Blackpool Lancashire England. The building that contains the library and the Grundy Art Gallery has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 Burgruine Rauchenkatsch is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Old Attleboro Post Office is a historic post office at 75 Park Street in Attleboro Massachusetts.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987. Today it is no longer a post office. Instead it is divided between the city of Attleboro and Bristol County which use it as office space.
 Chapel of the Cross is a parish of the Episcopal Church of the United States in the Diocese of North Carolina. It is the spiritual home to more than 1600 communicants including a large number of students studying at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The town of Chapel Hill North Carolina is named after the church.
 York Dominican Friary was a friary in North Yorkshire England.
 The John Mark Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 24 Sigel Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a rare example in the city of the form executed in brick. It was built in 1888 by John Mark a mason who also lived in the building. The front door is sheltered by an overhang supported by heavy brackets which extends over a first floor bay section to the doors right.
 Aaron Wheeler House is a historic colonial house at 371 Fairview Avenue in Rehoboth Massachusetts United States.The house was built in 1745 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Cliftonville Hotel is a AA 3 star Hotel and Grade II listed building located in the English seaside town of Cromer in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom.
 Hill's Sawmill also known as Holbert & Branning Mill and Duck Harbor Lumber & Chemical Co. is a historic sawmill located at Damascus Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1873 and is a two-story rectangular building with a gable roof. It measures approximately 70 feet long and 25 feet wide and sits on a stone foundation. It contains original mill equipment.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Boggo Road Gaol (alt. and older spelling Bogga) was a notorious and heritage-listed Australian prison located on Annerley Road in Dutton Park an inner southern suburb of Brisbane Queensland Australia. The site is the only surviving intact gaol in Queensland that reflects penological principles of the 19th century.
 North Settlement Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on County Route 10 east of the junction with County Route 32C in Ashland New York Greene County New York. It was built about 1826 and is a one story four by three bay post and beam frame church with a modestly pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a small wood frame privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 St Botolph's Church Aldgate St Botolph-without-Aldgate or just Aldgate Church is a Church of England parish church in the City of London standing at the junction of Houndsditch and Aldgate High Street. The current 18th-century church is made of brick with stone quoins and window casings. The tower is square with an obelisk spire.The ecclesiastical parish was united with that of the Church of Holy Trinity Minories in 1899.
 New Pump-House also known as the Byrd Park Pump House is a historic pumping station building located in Byrd Park Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1881-1883 and is a three-part I plan Gothic Revival style granite building. A one-story L-shaped annex was built in 1905. The building features a steeply pitched roof projecting gables Gothic arches and lancet windows.
 The Hutchinson Building is a landmark building located in downtown Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building was designed by architect Frank P. Martin built to house the Saskatoon Hardware Store Ltd until 1970 then the building was taken over by Saskatoon Handicraft Supplies until 1995. The building was designated a heritage property on August 9 1999. Today the building is home to the CBKST (CBC) Saskatoon radio and TV studios used by both the English and French services.
 The Cornelius S. Muller House is located along NY 23B in Claverack New York United States. It is a pre-Revolutionary brick house in a Dutch Colonial style with some English influences.During the Revolutionary War it was the meeting place of the local Committee of Safety and a site for courts martial. In 1840 it was renovated but it has otherwise remained intact from its original time period. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The BPOE Elks Club in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1908. It has served as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was designed by Theo Sanders of the architectural firm of Charles L. Thompson.
 The National Club is a private club founded in 1874 for business professionals located in the financial district of downtown Toronto Canada. It provides private dining and meeting facilities and accommodations to its members and guests.
 Miami Valley Hospital South (MVHS) is a hospital in Centerville Ohio. It is a branch of Miami Valley Hospital in Dayton Ohio and is managed by Premier Health. Designed and constructed in 2007 as an outpatient facility with an emergency room the facility grew faster than expected and became a full service hospital with as office building for physicians and a five-story patient wing added between 2009 and 2013.
 Fuller Block is a historic commercial block at 1531-1545 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The five story brick building was built in 1887 for Frank Fuller a local businessman. The Romanesque Revival structure was designed by architect Frederick S. Newman and was the first building in Springfield to feature a number of modern amenities: steam heat passenger elevators a mail chute and running water on all floors.
 Bayley Seton Hospital is a hospital in Staten Island New York City. As of 2009 it is primarily a psychiatric and social services outpatient hospital operated jointly by Richmond University Medical Center and Saint Vincent's Catholic Medical Center.
 The Benson Water Tower is a historic water tower located on Clayton Street in Benson Illinois. The round red brick tower is 60 feet (18 m) tall; its diameter is 16 feet 2 inches (4.93 m) at its base and tapers to 14 feet 1 inch (4.29 m) at its top. The tower is topped by a 20-foot (6.1 m) tall redwood water tank. The village of Benson commissioned the water tower in 1891 in response to multiple serious fires in the village's business district. Fitchen Bros.
 Hicklin Hearthstone near Lexington Missouri was built in 1838. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The listing includes seven contributing buildings.
 The Church of St. Alphonsus Liguori (Chiesa di Sant'Alfonso di Liguori all'Esquilino in Italian) is a church located on the Via Merulana on the Esquiline Hill of Rome Italy. It is dedicated to St. Alphonsus Liguori the founder of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer who founded and staff the church and is one of the thirty-three Doctors of the Church.The church is one of the rare examples of neo-Gothic architecture in Rome.
 71 Nyhavn is a hotel based in two converted warehouses on the corner of the Nyhavn Canal and the main harbourfront of Copenhagen Denmark.
 Rock Creek Station and Stricker Homesite is a historical site operated by the Idaho State Historical Society. It includes the Stricker Store and Farm which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. Two previously important roadways (Oregon Trail and the Kelton Road) met at this site.
 Paul Lawrence Dunbar School is a historic school building located in the Templetown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1931-1932. It is a four-story 14 bay orange brick building on a raised basement in the Moderne-style. It features ribbon bands of windows brick pilasters with compound capitals and spandrel panels.
 Ipswich Blackfriars was a Dominican friary in the centre of Ipswich Suffolk England of which only ruins now remain. The friary was under the Visitation of Cambridge. It was founded in 1263 and dissolved in 1538.Two sets of excavations one in the late nineteenth century and one in the 1970s and 1980s recovered much of the plan of the entire complex and particularly the church and east cloister range.Henry III established Dominican friars at Ipswich in 1263.
 All Saints Church East Horndon is a redundant Anglican church in the village of East Horndon Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands north of the village and northwest of the junction between the A127 and A128 roads some 4 miles (6 km) south of Brentwood.
 Newtown Creek Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Newtown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It spans Newtown Creek. It has two spans each are 15 feet long and was constructed in 1796. It was modified in 1875.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Sky Tower 41 is a 41 story high-rise building in Kaminoyama Yamagata Prefecture Japan. The tallest building in Yamagata Prefecture Sky Tower 41 is known for standing out against its rural surroundings.
 Fox Chase Farm is one of two working farms in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania (W.B. Saul High School’s Farm in Roxborough is the other). Formerly owned by the Wistar family the farm is located on Pine Road in the Fox Chase neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia on the border with Montgomery County. The farm gradually became surrounded by the city's residential neighborhoods and was purchased by the city in 1975.
 The Le Grand Bridge in Le Grand Iowa was built in 1896.It brings Abbott Avenue over the Iowa River. Since Abbott Avenue is the border between Marshall and Tama County the bridge is in two counties lengthwise. Many bridges span from one county across to another but few are lengthwise split. The bridge has since collapsed.
 One Riverside Drive was built in 2002 and is Windsor's newest office tower. It is an office high-rise with a multi-story parking garage.. It is located next to the new downtown St. Clair College to which it is connected at the corner of Ouellette Avenue and Riverside Drive. The building stands at 14 storeys and is the current headquarters of Daimler-Chrysler Canada.
 St Peter's Church Preston is a redundant Anglican parish church located in St Peter's Square Preston Lancashire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission. In 1973 it became part of Preston Polytechnic later the University of Central Lancashire.
 The Cyclorama Building at Gettysburg was an historic modernist concrete and glass Mission 66 building dedicated November 19 1962 by the National Park Service (NPS) to serve as a Gettysburg Battlefield visitor center to exhibit the 1883 Paul Philippoteaux Battle of Gettysburg cyclorama and other artifacts and to provide an observation deck (replacing the 1896 Zeigler's Grove observation tower).
 The Peabody Essex Museum (est. 1799) in Salem Massachusetts may be considered one of the oldest continuously operating museums in the United States. It combines the collections of the former Peabody Museum of Salem and the Essex Institute. The museum holds one of the major collections of Asian art in the US. Its total holdings include about 1.3 million pieces as well as twenty-two historic buildings. The Peabody Essex ranks among the top 20 art museums in the U.S.
 Cooch’s Bridge is a historic district located at Old Baltimore Pike Newark Delaware and is the site of the 1777 Battle of Cooch’s Bridge. While there are several modern bridges near the site of the battle the original bridge was in poor shape in 1777 and did not survive the American Revolution.
 State Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district consists of the last surviving continuous row of 19th century masonry commercial buildings within Rochester's Inner Loop. They were developed between 1825 and 1900 and the row forms an unpretentious unbroken wall of 12 buildings.
 St. Francis Hospital and Heart Center is a hospital in Flower Hill New York on Long Island. It was founded in 1922 by the Franciscan Missionaries of Mary. As of 2008 it is New York State's only specialty designated cardiac center.
 The Jane Ross Reeves Octagon House was originally located between Wilkinson Indiana and Willow Branch Indiana. It was moved to its present location in 1997. It is currently located at 400 Railroad Street in Shirley Indiana.When Jane and Elijah first homesteaded their farm they built a log cabin on the highest point of the land. This was later replaced by a frame house which was torn down at the time the Octagon house was built.
 The Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Museum (Turkish: Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Müzesi) is a technology museum in Ankara Turkey.
 The El Paso U.S. Courthouse also known as El Paso Federal Building or the U.S. Court House is a historic building in El Paso Texas. It is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The building was completed in 1936 and served historically as a courthouse and as a government office building. It is located at 511 East San Antonio Avenue. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Church of St. Columba is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Hopewell Junction Dutchess County New York City.
 The Gamaliel Thompson House is a former residential structure located at 101 Summit Street in the city of Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State on February 22 1974 and soon after listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 3 1975. It is located two blocks south of the Heman R. Goodrich House.Built in 1890–1891 by John L.
 Grants Pass Supervisor's Warehouse is located at 1012 SW L Street in Grants Pass Oregon. It was built in 1933 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 6 1991.
 The Hydro-Québec Building (French: Édifice Hydro-Québec) in Montreal Quebec Canada stands at 110 metres (360 ft) with 27 floors. Completed in 1962 it houses the headquarters for Hydro-Québec as well the Montreal offices of the Premier of Quebec.
 Going-to-the-Sun Road is the only road that crosses Glacier National Park in Montana USA going over the Continental Divide at Logan Pass. It was completed in 1932. A fleet of 1930s red tour buses called jammers which were rebuilt in 2001 to run on propane or gasoline offer tours on the road.
 The Pine Valley Covered Bridge also known as the Iron Hill Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in New Britain Borough near Doylestown in Bucks County Pennsylvania. It crosses Pine Run Creek near Peace Valley Park.This town truss bridge which measures 81 feet (25 m) in length was built by David Sutton in 1842 at a cost of $5553.50.
 Brick Church Complex is a historic Dutch Reformed church at Brick Church Road and NY 306 in New Hempstead Rockland County New York. The complex consists of the church cemetery school and superintendent's house. The church was built in 1856 and has three brick elevations and a stone rear elevation. It features a large wood frame bell tower built in the late 19th century.
 The Winchester Repeating Arms Company Historic District is a historic district in New Haven Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It includes 867 properties which include 858 major structures and 131 notable outbuildings. Of these structures 876 are buildings deemed to contribute to the historical and/or architectural significance of the area and most of these are residential.
 The Hôtel de Crillon in Paris is a historic luxury hotel opened in 1909 in a building dating to 1758. The hotel is located at the foot of the Champs-Élysées and is one of two identical stone palaces on the Place de la Concorde. The Crillon has 103 guest rooms and 44 suites. It also has three restaurants a bar outdoor terrace gym and health club on the premises. It is closed for renovation until 2015.
 Örbyhus Castle (Swedish: Örbyhus slott) is a castle in Sweden.
 Montauk Tennis Auditorium also known as Montauk Playhouse is a historic tennis center located at Montauk in Suffolk County New York just below Montauk Manor. It was built in 1928-1929 as one of the central buildings of the great resort which developer Carl G. Fisher planned and partially completed in the 1920s. The Tudor Revival style structure is of light steel frame construction sheathed in prefabricated plywood frame panels and coated in stucco. The base is formed of rough fieldstone.
 The Lou Henry Hoover House or very rarely Lou Henry and Herbert Hoover House located on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford California USA is the former house of Herbert Hoover 31st President of the United States and his wife Lou Henry Hoover who designed it. It is now the official home of the president of Stanford.
 The Darrah House and Water Tank House near Shoshone Idaho United States were built in 1916 by Bill Darrah. They was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983; the listing included two contributing buildings on 1.3 acres (0.53 ha).
 Mag 218 Tower is a 66 floor residential skyscraper with 534 rooms at Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is owned by the Syrian Industrial businessman Muaffaq Al-Qaddah. Construction of Mag 218 Tower which was designed by Dar Al-Handasah (Shair and Partners) started in 2006. It was completed in 2010. The roof height of Mag 218 Tower is 232 metres (761 ft).
 Fort Drummond also known as Fort Colyer or Fort Collier is a military fort located on the west end of Drummond Island on Whitney Bay in the vicinity of De Tour Village Michigan. It is the only known military and civilian site established by British forces on American soil following the War of 1812. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1956.
 The Clark County Library at 609 Caddo St. in Arkadelphia Arkansas was built in 1903.Charles L. Thompson an architect and James Pullen are associated with the building.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Hills House is a 17th Century Tudor residence located on the Village Road in Denham Buckinghamshire England. In the late 1930s and early 1940s it was the home of Merle Oberon and her husband Sir Alexander Korda. In 1975 the house was purchased by Sir John and Lady Mills.
 W. H. Winborne House is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built about 1925 and is a brick 1 1⁄2-story rectangular plan cross-gable-roofed American Craftsman-style residence. The façade features a broad peaked gable over an integral porch which wraps three sides.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 HM Prison Barlinnie is a prison operated by the Scottish Prison Service and located in the residential suburb of Riddrie in the north east of Glasgow Scotland.
 St Ethelburga-the-Virgin within Bishopsgate is a Church of England church in the City of London located on Bishopsgate near Liverpool Street station. In July 1993 an IRA bomb severely damaged the Church and once the building was rebuilt and restored it re-opened as a Centre for Reconciliation and Peace.
 Prescot Parish Church dedicated to St Mary is located in the town of Prescot Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is an active Anglican parish church.
 The Marseilles Lock and Dam also known as Lock and Dam 5 is a lock and dam complex on the Illinois River at Marseilles Illinois. The complex includes a lock dam control station boiler house and a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) section of navigation canal. The state of Illinois began work on the complex in 1920 by digging the canal which was completed in 1925.
 The International Game Fish Association (IGFA) is the leading authority on angling pursuits and the keeper of the most current World Record fishing catches by fish categories. Fishermen who are sport fishers are careful to follow their stringent rules for fair play and line requirements in order to receive the honor of being listed in their annual World Record Game Fishes publication. The publication also gives fishing tips and has an extensive fish identification guide.
 Chapel Hills Mall is a shopping mall located in Colorado Springs Colorado. It is a super-regional mall with 1159187 square feet (107692 m2) of Gross leasable area. It is anchored by Dillard's JCPenney Closing May 2014 Macy's and Sears. The mall opened in 1982 with renovations in 1985 and 1998. The 1998 renovation included an ice arena climbing wall and Borders Books & Music as well as the addition of JCPenney closing 2014 in an anchor originally occupied by Service Merchandise.
 The Maids Head Hotel is an AA 4 star hotel in the English city of Norwich within the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom The hotel has been a grade II listed building since 26 February 1954.
 The Touraine is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The 13-story building was originally constructed in 1917 as a grand hotel. In 1983 it was converted into luxury apartments.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was added to the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on January 7 1982.
 The Woodland Public Library is the oldest and one of the last functioning Carnegie-funded libraries in California. It is on the National Register of Historic Places and is a contributing property of the Downtown Woodland Historic District.
 The Knight-Mangum House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Golden Domes also called the Maharishi Golden Domes[citation needed] are twin buildings on the Maharishi University of Management (MUM) campus in Fairfield Iowa built in 1980 and 1981. According to MUM the Golden Domes were the first structures built specifically for group meditation and the practice of the TM-Sidhi program. In 2001 and 2005 they received additional construction including landscaping perimeter fencing and new entrances.
 Gurnee Mills is an indoor mall established in Gurnee Illinois a village west of Waukegan Illinois. It's located about halfway between Chicago and Milwaukee Wisconsin a 40 minute drive either way and near Six Flags Great America. It is a single-level Z-shaped mall. At 1800000 square feet (170000 m2) of gross leasable area it is the fourth largest mall in Illinois and is visited by more than 20 million people each year. Gurnee Mills opened on August 8 1991.
 The Chief Post Office or Christchurch Central Post Office originally known as the Government Building is located in Cathedral Square Christchurch New Zealand. The building was initially a post office with other government services. Until the 2011 Christchurch earthquake it was a Visitor Information Centre but has since been inaccessible as access for the public to the central city has been removed. It was the site of the first telephone exchange in New Zealand.
 The Jay-Niles Memorial Library or Niles Memorial Library is an historic library building located on Maine State Route 4 in North Jay Maine USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Gilsey Mansion is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It is a large seven bay two story clapbard T shaped residence with a hipped roof built about 1900 in the Colonial Revival style. A four bay two story gable roofed wing projects to the rear. It features a porte cochere on tapered Doric order columns and a pedimented portico.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Tudor Hall is a historic home located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Gothic Revival cottage built of painted brick. The house was built as a country retreat by Junius Brutus Booth (1796–1852) from Plates 44 and 45 Design XVII of The Architect by William H. Ranlett 1847. However Booth never lived in Tudor Hall because he died before it was completed.
 The Ann Charlotte and Jacob Hinkel House is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It was built by ice-dealer Jacob Hinkel in 1873 two miles north of downtown in a rural area in what was New Canada township; the rural route was named after Horace J. Brainerd (1825-1902) an influential property-owner and politician.
 District School No. 19 is a historic one-room school building located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. It is a one story rectangular one room structure built about 1837 of rubble Chaumont limestone. It was last used as a school in 1938.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Creedmore is a historic home located at Mountain Lake Park Garrett County Maryland United States. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story frame house built in the Queen Anne style. The house was built in 1903–1904 and has many distinctive architectural features including oval windows an unusual roofline and an extensive use of shingling. It was constructed originally as a summer residence.Creedmore was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Faribault County Courthouse in Blue Earth Minnesota United States is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was completed in December 1892 at a cost of $70000. Materials included Kasota limestone sand from the Blue Earth River bottoms red brick above the rusticated sandstone ground floor and clay tile for the roof. The arches at the entrance rest on short columns with foliated capitals a hallmark of the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
 Caspar Getman Farmstead is a historic home and related farm outbuildings located near Stone Arabia in Montgomery County New York. It includes the main house and ell two lateral-entry English barns a New World Dutch barn (c. 1790) limestone smokehouse (c. 1850) and former chicken coop (c. 1920). The house has a two story main block five by five bay with a center entrance with an attached 1 1/2 story ell. It has a moderately pitched gable roof and is clad in clapboards.
 The Natuurhistorisch Museum Rotterdam is a natural history museum at Museumpark in Rotterdam the Netherlands.The museum is located in the Villa Dijkzigt dating from 1852 and extended in 1995 with a modern glazed pavilion which was designed by the Dutch architect Erick van Egeraat. Villa Dijkzigt was originally built by J. F. Metzelaar for the Van Hoboken family.The museum includes a shop and a library.
 The Aldenham Works or Aldenham Bus Overhaul Works was the main London Transport bus overhaul works. It was located on the edge of the Hertfordshire village of Elstree and not Aldenham despite being officially called Aldenham Works. In its heyday 50 buses a week were overhauled there and it was the most comprehensive bus overhaul operation in the world. It was opened in 1956 and finally closed in November 1986. The buildings were demolished in 1996.
 Harlow Row also called Brick Row is a group of brick townhouses in Poughkeepsie New York United States.
 Avenue is a 425 feet (130 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was completed in 2007 and has 36 floors. Its construction began on May 17 2005. It has 6700 square feet (620 m2) of retail space at street level. The average unit size of its 386 apartments is 900 sq ft (80 m2). The 0.8 acres (3237.5 m2) site was originally proposed 201 North Tryon Residential Tower.
 Cades Cove is an isolated valley located in the Tennessee section of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park USA. The valley was home to numerous settlers before the formation of the national park. Today Cades Cove the single most popular destination for visitors to the park attracts more than two million visitors a year because of its well preserved homesteads scenic mountain views and abundant display of wildlife.
 The Larimer School in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a school built in 1896. An addition was made in 1904 and the auditorium and gymnasium were added in 1931. The interior includes terrazzo floors and marble wainscotting.
 The Timothy P. Bailey House is a historic house at 210 Chandler Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built by Timothy Palmer Bailey on land purchased from his father's estate. The Baileys were successful farmers and the younger one who was educated at Phillips Academy built this locally rare example of an Italianate house in 1878.
 Caffè San Marco is a historic café in Trieste Italy. Founded in 1914 it became famous as a rendezvous for intellectuals including Italo Svevo James Joyce and Umberto Saba.Italians campaigned to save the historic cafe in 2013.
 The Archaeology Museum of the American University of Beirut in Beirut Lebanon is the third oldest museum in the Near East after Cairo and Constantinople.
 CentralWorld (Thai: เซ็นทรัลเวิลด์) is a shopping plaza and complex in Bangkok Thailand. It is the sixth largest shopping complex in the world. The complex which includes a hotel and office tower is owned by Central Pattana.
 Peabody Township Library also known under the older name of Peabody Township Carnegie Library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987. It is located in the Downtown Historic District of Peabody Kansas United States.
 Heron Quays West is a skyscraper development approved for construction in Canary Wharf London. The current design is for two large skyscrapers connected by a large atrium at the base not unlike the Riverside South development. The site is at the south west of the Canary Wharf site off Bank Street. It is one of the final pieces of the current Canary Wharf design masterplan. The buildings will be developed by the Canary Wharf Group.
 The Orange and Alexandria Railroad Hooff's Run Bridge is a bridge in Alexandria in the U.S. state of Virginia.Built by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Bangor Mall is a 60-acre (24 ha) shopping mall in Bangor Maine. Built in 1977 on a former dairy farm and opened in October 1978 it sits on Stillwater Avenue north of Bangor's central business district. It can be reached from nearby Interstate 95 via exit 187.
 Hertog Jan is a restaurant in Bruges Belgium. It is led by chefs Gert De Mangeleer and Joachim Boudens.It is rated with 3 stars 3/3 stars by the Michelin Red Guide. As of 2012 one of only three restaurants in the country Belgium to be awarded such an honour.
 The Centre Commercial Al Qods (Arabic: المركز التجاري القدس‎) is a shopping mall in Algiers Algeria.
 Whittington Hall is a country house located to the west of the village of Whittington Lancashire England some 3 km (2 miles) south of Kirkby Lonsdale. The house has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.It is constructed in sandstone rubble with a slate roof and is in Jacobethan style. The building incorporates a battlemented tower with an octagonal corner turret.
 Angelica Park Circle Historic District is a national historic district located at Angelica in Allegany County New York. The district consists of 90 acres (36 ha) and includes 97 contributing buildings. The district encompasses the villages most noteworthy buildings including the octagonal village green and county fairgrounds. The Old Allegany County Courthouse is located within the district.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Bishops Lydeard Mill and Rural Life Museum is a historic building and museum in Bishops Lydeard Somerset England.The building dates from the 18th century and was extended in the early 19th century with the addition of a millhouse.
 The historic Humboldt Post Office building is located at the corner of Main Street and 6th Avenue in Humboldt Saskatchewan Canada. The building is 2 1/2 storeys with a 4 storey bell and clock tower. Designed by the chief architect of the Department of Public Works David Ewart the building is the last surviving of a series of very similar buildings under a common theme on the prairies.
 Children's of Alabama is a Pediatric health system in Birmingham Alabama. The system's main hospital is located on the city's Southside with additional outpatient facilities and primary care centers throughout central Alabama. The addition of the Benjamin Russell Hospital for Children to the main campus created the 'Russell campus' and makes it the third largest children's hospital in the United States.
 The Pretoria Art Museum is an art gallery located in Arcadia Pretoria in South Africa. The museum in Arcadia Park occupies an entire city block bounded by Park Wessels Schoeman and Johann Streets.The Pretoria Art Museum was established to house the City Council of Pretoria's Art Collection built up since the 1930s. The collection received an early windfall in 1932 when Lady Michaelis bequeathed a large number of artworks to the city council after the death of her husband Sir Max Michaelis.
 Abney Hall is a substantial Victorian house surrounded by a park in Cheadle near Stockport Greater Manchester in the northwest of England (grid reference SJ85958923). The hall dates back to 1847 and is a Grade II* listed building.
 Hubert H. Bancroft Ranch House is a historic structure in Spring Valley California. The property also contains a natural spring named El aguaje de San Jorge (St. George's Spring) by the Spanish after which the community of Spring Valley is named.It is the first Anglo-American structure in Spring Valley and was built by Augustus Ensworth in 1856 out of timbers salvaged from a shipwreck in San Diego Bay.
 The Old Library Building was chartered by the Maysville and Mason County Library Historic and Scientific Association in 1878 and built between 1878 and 1880. It is the last of four libraries established in Maysville Kentucky in the nineteenth century. It was preceded by the Maysville Lyceum – chartered in 1839 the Maysville Athenaeum – 1840 and the Maysville Library - date unknown but no longer in existence by 1859.The brick structure is long and narrow set perpendicular to the street.
 Cecilia Makiwane Hospital (CMH) is a large provincial government funded hospital situated in the Mdantsane township of East London Eastern Cape in South Africa. It is a tertiary teaching hospital and forms part of the East London Hospital Complex with Frere Hospital. It is named after Cecilia Makiwane the first African woman to become a professional nurse in South Africa.
 The Lord Baltimore Hotel is located at 20 West Baltimore Street in the downtown area of Baltimore Maryland.
 Peaberry Coffee was a coffee shop chain that was started in Denver Colorado in 1990 by Bill Tointon. The store's concept was founded on serving a variety of coffee from all over the world and roasting it in Denver. It was categorized in a menu format called the Peaberry Profile System. The system offered four selections of coffee roasting styles Light & Mild Rich & Creamy Extravagant & Exotic and Dark & Intense.
 The Benjamin Punchard House is a historic house at 8 High Street in Andover Massachusetts. Located in the center of Andover it now houses a bank. It was built in 1846 by Benjamin Punchard a successful merchant and shopkeeper. Punchard built the house on the site of a Federal style house he had previously occupied which was moved to 33 High Street and is known as the Abiel Pearson House.
 Alamut (Persian: الموت‎ transliterated Alamūt) was a mountain fortress located in Alamut region in the South Caspian province of Daylam near the Rudbar region in Iran approximately 100 km (60 mi) from present-day Tehran. The name means Eagle's Nest.Under the leadership of Hasan-i Sabbah Alamut became the site of intense activity for the Shi'a Nizari Ismai'li along with a smaller subgroup known as the Assassins between 1090 and 1256 AD.
 The Booth Farm is located near Boothwyn in Bethel Township Delaware County. The farmhouse was built in the Federal style in 1819 and a barn was also built about the same time. The roughly 77 acre farm was bought by Thomas Booth in the 1790s and has been used as a tenant farm throughout much of its history. He built the farmhouse for his son James. Four following generations all named Thomas Booth have owned the farm into the 21st century.
 The Works is an interactive museum in Bloomington Minnesota whose website states that it makes learning about science and engineering interesting understandable and fun.
 The Virgil and Beulah Crum House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Llandaff Cathedral (Welsh: Eglwys Gadeiriol Llandaf) is the seat of the Bishop of Llandaff head of the Church in Wales Diocese of Llandaff. It is situated in the district of Llandaff in the city of Cardiff the capital of Wales. The current building was constructed in the 12th century over the site of an earlier church. It is dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul and also to three Welsh saints: Dubricius (Welsh: Dyfrig) Teilo and Oudoceus (Welsh: Euddogwy).
 The Caledonia Building is a historic commercial building at 185-193 High Street in downtown Holyoke Massachusetts. The four story Second Empire building was constructed in 1874 for Roswell B. Crafts a local businessman and politician. Its first floor housed businesses the second and third floors house offices and the fourth floor was an open ballroom space.
 Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital is a 333-bed community hospital located in Downers Grove in the US state Illinois. The hospital opened in 1976 and operates the only Level I trauma center in the county of Dupage. Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital is a part of Advocate Health Care.Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital has earned a spot on the 100 Top Hospitals list five times.
 Andes Station branch MP 8.45 was the busiest railroad station on the Delaware and Northern's Andes Branch serving the bustling Village of Andes and was also at the branch's northern terminus. It was fully erected including minor details in 1907 a year after the branch opened up.The station was abandoned when the Delaware & Northern abandoned the Andes branch in 1921 and was left to a poor fate.
 Numinbah Correctional Centre is an open prison on a 1800-acre (7.3 km2) reserve 100 km south of Brisbane in the Numinbah Valley.The centre houses 104 male prisoners in separate rooms and in an annex 25 female prisoners a mix of short and long-term.
 The Pythian Castle in Toledo Ohio is a Romanesque style building that was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.Built in 1890 this five floor building is the only castle in Toledo. Built by a secret fraternity the origins of the building are mostly unknown. Folklore of the building cites hauntings throughout its existence. It is located in Toledo's Center City at the corner of Jefferson Avenue and N. Ontario Street.
 The Chinese Furniture Museum (Chinese: 中國家具博物館; pinyin: Zhōngguó Jiājù Bówùguǎn) or China's Furniture Museum is a museum in Taoyuan City Taoyuan County Taiwan. The museum is located inside the Cultural Affairs Bureau of Taoyuan County Government.
 Wat Pasantidhamma (Thai: วัดป่าสันติธรรม or Wat Pa) meaning a peaceful temple in the woods is a Thai Theravada Buddhist temple in rural Carrollton Virginia. It is a non-profit religious organization serving the Thai and Thai American communities. Established as the first Buddhist temple in the Tidewater (southeastern) region of Virginia in 1998 it remains as of 2010 one of three in the State.
 The Apostolic Bethlehem Temple Church is a historic church building in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. A German Gothic Revival structure built in 1868 it was constructed as the home of the German Evangelical and Reformed Church Cincinnati's oldest German Reformed Church. Founded in 1814 the church changed its name to St. John's German Protestant Church in 1874 although it remained in the German Reformed Church.
 Burgruine Taggenbrunn is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Cordova Post Office and Courthouse in Cordova Alaska was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.In 1977 it was reported to be the oldest post office building in Alaska still in use as a post office.
 Civil Hospital Aizawl is a state-owned hospital in Aizawl Mizoram India. Founded as a 'Coolie Dispensary' in Colonial India in 1896 it grew up to the form of a hospital in 1906.
 The Abasto Shopping is one of the biggest shopping mall centers in Buenos Aires Argentina. The building was the central wholesale fruit and vegetable market in the city (Mercado de Abasto) from 1893 to 1984. Since 1999 it has served as a shopping mall. It is also famous for being in the area where the tango singer Carlos Gardel known as El Morocho del Abasto (the dark-haired guy from Abasto) lived for most of his life.
 Dominican Friary Winchester was a friary in Hampshire England.
 The Church of the Pilgrims is a neo-Gothic church on 22nd Street in Washington DC. It was founded in 1904 as the Second Southern Presbyterian Church and took its current name in the 1920s. It was designed by Baltimore architect Benjamin C. Flournoy.
 First National Bank of Rochester-Old Monroe County Savings Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1924 for the Monroe County Savings Bank in the Classical Revival style. The State Street facade is built of dressed marble and is composed of a Corinthian order hexastyle portico in antis supporting an entabulature with pediment and an elevated attic story.
 Hōrin-ji (法輪寺) is a Rinzai Buddhist temple in Himeji Hyōgo Prefecture (formerly Harima province).
 Kotzia Square (Greek: Πλατεία Κοτζιά) is a square in central Athens Greece. The square retains several characteristics of 19th century local neoclassical architecture such as the City Hall of the Municipality of Athens and the National Bank of Greece Cultural Center.
 The Fateh Burj (English: The Victory Tower; Punjabi: ਫਤਿਹ ਬੁਰਜ) is the tallest victory tower in the city of Mohali Punjab India. The 328 ft tower is dedicated to establishment of the Sikh rule in India in 1711.
 Palmerston Shopping Centre is an Australian enclosed shopping centre located in the Central Business District of Palmerston Northern Territory. The mall was developed in the 1980s by the La Pira family of Darwin through property firm Joondanna Investments who continue to operate it as of 2014.The centre is anchored by a 24-hour Coles supermarket and the Northern Territory's only Target department store as well as specialty stores eateries and shopfronts for Medicare and Australia Post.
 The Saint Joseph Church and Shrine is a historic district located at 8742 U.S. Route 12 in the Irish Hills region in rural Cambridge Township in Lenawee County Michigan. The district was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on April 19 1990 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 4 2007.The district consists of a church edifice and a shrine. The church traces its origins to its founding as a missionary church in 1854 by the area's earliest Irish settlers.
 The Jud Christie Covered Bridge No. 95 (also known as the Jud Christian Covered Bridge) is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Jackson Township and Pine Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 55.8-foot-long (17.0 m) Queen Post Truss bridge constructed in 1876. It crosses the Little Fishing Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Lewis Jones House in Centerville Indiana also known as The Stephen and Betty Jones House was built in 1840. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Calvary Hospital is a public hospital located in Bruce Australian Capital Territory serving the northern suburbs of Canberra. It is classified as a secondary care facility. The hospital is operated by Calvary Health Care ACT a not-for-profit venture of Little Company of Mary Health Care (LCMHC) on behalf of the ACT Government and is integrated into the Territory's public healthcare system. Calvary was established in 1979.
 The Indianapolis Park and Boulevard System is a group of parks parkways and boulevards in Indianapolis Indiana that was designed by landscape architect George Edward Kessler in the early part of the twentieth century. Also known as the Kessler System the district includes 3474 acres (1406 ha) and has shaped the city through the present day. This Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The J.C. Peters House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Pekin Street Historic District is a historic district bounded by Pekin and Candace Streets Douglas and Chalkstone Avenues in Providence Rhode Island.The district features various Greek Revival and late-Victorian houses and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Burgruine Wildon is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Downtown Chelsea Residential Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Shurtleff Marginal and Division Streets and Bellingham Square in Chelsea Massachusetts.This district incorporates the Shurtleff School (now the Early Learning Center) and period structures around the school. Thearea had been completely devastated in the 1908 fire and had previously contained City Hall and a number of other community buildings.
 Iglesia de la Virgen de la Guía (Llanes) is a church in Llanes. Asturias Spain.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Bosley is located in Leek Road Bosley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield. Its benefice is combined with those of St Michael North Rode St Michael Wincle and St Saviour Wildboarclough.
 Dhahran Tower is a tall building situated at Khobar Saudi Arabia. It is a multi-use building.
 Friary United Reformed church was built on Musters Road in West Bridgford Nottingham between 1898 and 1901. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Frankston Hospital (officially Frankston Public Hospital) is a major regional public hospital located in the Melbourne suburb of Frankston on the Mornington Peninsula in Victoria Australia. It is part of the Peninsula Health service and was previously known as the Mornington Peninsula Hospital.
 Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue now known as Berea Temple Seventh Day Adventist Church is a historic synagogue building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. The former synagogue built as an early home of the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation is built of ashlar gray granite from Port Deposit Maryland. It is a well-executed 19th century version of a Byzantine church designed by Charles L. Carson a Baltimore architect.
 Brattvær Church (Norwegian: Brattvær kirke) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the tiny hamlet of Brattvær just south of the larger village of Råket on the western coast of the island of Smøla. The church is part of the Brattvær parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1917 to serve the municipality of Brattvær which was created in 1915.
 Sunnyside also known as Sunnyside House Sunnyside Farm The Sycamores and Telford is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. The original section was built about 1790 and is a three-story five-bay Federal style brick dwelling. A rear wing was added about 1805 parlor addition in the 1840s the east end addition in the 1860s projecting gable windows in the 1880s-1890s and the north and south porches in the 1940s.
 Saint Mary Mother of the Redeemer Church is a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo. The current church is located at 38 W. League Street Norwalk Ohio. Construction on the building began on May 29 1889 and was completed in 1894. The church was previously twinned with St. Alphonsus in Peru Ohio but was later twinned with St. Anthony in Milan Ohio after a mass restructuring of the diocese.
 Penn Square Mall is a two-story 1100000-square-foot (100000 m2) upscale regional shopping mall with a 10-screen AMC Theatre in Oklahoma City located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Avenue and NW Expressway near I-44. The center was originally built as an outdoor shopping center in 1960 with anchors John A. Brown and Montgomery Ward. Other major attractions included Rothschild's clothing store Val Gene's Cafeteria and coffee shop and Extension One women's clothing store.
 Daniel Chamberlain House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The house was built in three phases between 1835 and 1865 and exhibits characteristic features of the Federal Greek Revival and Italianate styles. The most prominent section was constructed between 1855 and 1865 and is the tall two story front gabled section located at the northeast corner. The oldest section is the rear wing.
 Annefield is a historic plantation home located at Saxe Charlotte County Virginia. It was constructed in 1858 and is a well preserved example of the Italianate style villas being constructed during the Antebellum period in northern North Carolina and Southern Virginia by master builder Jacob W. Holt (1811–1880).
 The Avalon Theater was a now defunct theater that opened in Brooklyn New York on January 25 1928 and was located on Kings Highway at the northwest corner of East 18th Street in the United States of America.Originally built by a local Brooklyn company as the Piccadilly it was sold prior to opening to Loews Theaters which changed the name to Avalon. Designed by Samuel Cohen the auditoriums seated 2119 and featured a Robert Morton theatre pipe organ.
 The El Masnou Municipal Nautical Museum (Catalan: Museu Municipal de Nàutica del Masnou) is a municipally owned museum the backbone of which is El Masnou’s relationship with the sea. It is part of the Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network the Maritime Museums of the Catalan Coast Network and the Mediterranean Maritime Museum Association.
 Teylers Museum (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈtɛilərs myˈzeɪʏm]) is an art natural history and science museum in Haarlem Netherlands. Established in 1778 Teylers Museum was originally founded as a centre for contemporary art and science. The historic centre of the museum is the neoclassical Oval Room (1784) which was built behind the house of Pieter Teyler van der Hulst (1702–1778) the so-called Fundatiehuis (Foundation House).
 The Tallinn TV Tower (Tallinna teletorn) is a free-standing structure with an observation deck built to provide better telecommunication services for the 1980 Moscow Summer Olympics regatta event (see Sailing at the 1980 Summer Olympics). It is located near the suburb Pirita six km north-east of the Tallinn city center. With its 314 m (1030.2 ft) the TV Tower is the tallest building in Tallinn. The tower was officially opened on 11 July 1980.
 Tennessee State Prison is a former correctional facility located near downtown Nashville Tennessee. Opened in 1898 the prison has been closed since 1992. It has been the location for the films Nashville Marie Ernest Goes to Jail Against the Wall The Green Mile The Last Castle two of Eric Church's music videos Lightning and Homeboy and Pillar's Bring Me Down music video.
 Asia Education Foundation (AEF) is a joint activity of Asialink to promote Asian literacy within Australian schools. AEF strives for Asian literacy not only in language but knowledge in geography history literature mathematics science and culture.
 The Sim Smith Covered Bridge is east of Montezuma Indiana. The single span Burr Truss covered bridge structure was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1883. The bridge is 101 feet (31 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 14 feet (4.3 m) high.
 Central Intermediate School (formerly Central Grammar School currently Central Middle School) is an historic school building in Honolulu Hawaiʻi built on the grounds of the former palace of Princess Ruth Keelikolani of Hawaiʻi.
 The Big Valley Creation Science Museum is a museum in Big Valley Alberta Canada dedicated to promoting the young earth creationism as a faith based alternative to biological evolution presented by the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology also in Alberta 35 miles to the south. It is Canada's first permanent creation museum.The museum measures 900 square feet (84 m2) cost C$280000 to build and was opened on June 5 2007 by owner Harry Nibourg an oil field service worker.
 Whitney Mansion is located in Glassboro Gloucester County New Jersey United States. Also known as Hollybush the historic home was used as the Rowan University President's Residence until 1998. Since 2003 Rowan University has spent more than $3 million to restore the mansion. It is now being used as a meeting place and museum.In 1967 the mansion hosted the Glassboro Summit Conference a summit meeting between United States President Lyndon B.
 Mechanics Hall is a building in the Congress Street Historic District in downtown Portland Maine. Construction was begun in 1857 and ended two years later; it listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St Andrew's Church is in the village of Wanborough in north Wiltshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Bristol one of only three churches in England to have a western tower and a central spire. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 The Hospital of St Thomas of Acre was the medieval London headquarters of the Knights of Saint Thomas. It was founded as a church in 1227 in the parish of St Mary Colechurch birthplace of the order's patron saint Saint Thomas Becket.
 US Post Office-Ticonderoga is a historic post office building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York United States. It was designed and built in 1936–37 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Colonial Revival style and is a symmetrically massed one story brick building with a stone watertable.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Peter is an Episcopal cathedral in St. Petersburg Florida United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Southwest Florida.
 All Saints Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Appleton Wisconsin. A parish in the Diocese of Fond du Lac it is the only Episcopal church in Appleton. The congregation first met circa 1854 and organized in 1856. The current church building was consecrated in 1905.
 St Wilfrid's Church Calverton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Calverton Nottinghamshire.
 Sauer Buildings Historic District located between 607–717 Center Avenue in Aspinwall Pennsylvania consists of a group of buildings designed and built by Frederick C. Sauer from 1898 until his death in 1942. This historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 11 1985.
 The Miami Correctional Facility is a state prison located near Bunker Hill Indiana on the site of the Grissom Joint Air Reserve Base at West 850 South and US-31 about 11 miles north of Kokomo Indiana. It was established in 1998 and houses high- medium- and minimum-security inmates all of whom are adult males.[1] At full capacity Miami can house 3188 prisoners making it the largest facility in the state of Indiana.
 Whitbourne Hall is a grade II* listed neo-Palladian country house located in the village of Whitbourne in Herefordshire (near the Worcestershire border) England.The hall was first constructed in 1860 by the architect E. W. Elmslie who also designed the Great Malvern railway station as well as a number of other notable buildings in Worcestershire. Today Whitbourne Hall is situated in eight acres of gardens and is divided into twenty-three private residences.
 The Grahamsville Historic District is located along both sides of NY 55 just east of that hamlet in the Town of Neversink in Sullivan County New York USA. Its church is across the road from Tri-Valley Central School. In 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.Five buildings are located on its 20 acres (8 ha). The centerpiece of the district is the Grahamsville Reformed Church which dates originally to the 1840s. In 1874 it was expanded and a cemetery was added.
 Cochecton Railroad Station is a historic train station located at Cochecton in Sullivan County New York. It was built about 1850 by the Erie Railroad as a freight station. It is a large 1-story frame building with Greek Revival style details. The 1 1⁄2-story rectangular building measures 30 feet wide and 50 feet deep and is topped by a gable roof. It is the oldest surviving station in New York state.
 The Gateway District is a large open air retail residential and office complex in Salt Lake City Utah United States. The complex is centered around the historic Union Pacific Depot in downtown Salt Lake City. It currently contains over 105 stores and restaurants.The Gateway began as part of Salt Lake City's urban redevelopment project and the first phase was completed prior to the 2002 Winter Olympics that were held in Utah. The first phase included 2.1 million sq. ft.
 Cloverdale also known as Pierce Shoemaker House is an historic Colonial Revival home located at 2600 and 2608 Tilden Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Forest Hills neighborhood.It is now known as the Education Office of the Chinese Embassy.
 The First Congregational Church of Sterling is a historic church in Sterling Illinois United States. The church was built in 1897 and 1898 and is an example of Richardsonian Romanesque architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Dr. James W. Hale House also known as the Hale-Pendleton House Temple Knob and Temple Hill is a historic home located at Princeton Mercer County West Virginia. It was built about 1885 and is a large two-story plus basement brick house. The house has many Gothic Revival features such as pointed-arch windows with panes divided by simple geometric tracery gingerbread bargeboards and a large verandah completely around the west and south elevations.
 Bowyer-Holladay House also known as the Lewis Holladay House is a historic archaeological site located near Fincastle Botetourt County Virginia. The site is located in The Botetourt Center at Greenfield industrial park. The site consists of the ruins of an Early Republic/Federal Style two-story brick house with a limestone lined cellar in a rear-centered ell configuration.
 The Marshall D. Miller Boathouse is located in Three Lakes Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Dragon City Mall is a shopping mall located in the Chinatown district Downtown Calgary.The mall was originally an office building but was converted into a mall in the early 1990s.It contains Asian themed venues varying from China Japan and Korea.The mall consists of three levels and has an up-only escalator leading to the second floor. Two elevators are available in addition to a flight of stairs. There are restaurants located on both the top and the bottom floors.
 Aintree University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS Foundation Trust located in the suburb of Fazakerley; in the city of Liverpool England. The Trust consists of Aintree University Hospital (known locally as Fazakerley Hospital founded in 1898) but does not include The Walton Centre for Neurology and Neurosurgery which since 1998 is now located on the same site; having originally provided services from the since demolished Walton Hospital on Rice Lane in Walton Liverpool.
 San Francisco Plantation House is a National Historic Landmark in St. John the Baptist Parish Louisiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.It is located about 3 miles (4.8 km) upriver (west) of Reserve Louisiana on Louisiana Highway 44.The house has been restored to an 1850s appearance and is open for tours daily. It is also available for rental for special occasions.
 The Arg (ارگ meaning citadel in Persian and Pashto) serves as the presidential palace in Kabul Afghanistan. It sits on an 83 acres wide area in the Wazir Akbar Khan section of the city near the international embassies and Afghan ministries. The Arg was built after the destruction of the Bala Hissar in 1880 by the British Indian troops. It has been used by many Afghan kings and presidents from King Abdur Rahman Khan to the current President Hamid Karzai.
 The Church of All Saints in Wrington Somerset England has 13th-century foundations and was remodelled with the addition of a west tower around 1450. It is a Grade I listed building.Wickham dates the church to the period from 1420 to 1450 and Freeman described it as one of the highest achievements of architectural genius. The tower was completed around 1449.The church was restored in 1859 with further restoration to the four-stage 113.5 feet (35 m) tower in 1948.
 The Tacony Music Hall is a historic building in the Tacony neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The three-story brick building was erected in 1885 by Frank W. Jordan a local druggist and entrepreneur as a multi-use facility with retail shop space on the first floor an auditorium on the second and space for the Keystone Scientific and Literary Association (founded 1876 later called the Disston Library and Free Reading Room) on the third.P. T. Barnum and Susan B.
 The C.M. Fines Building is a 20 story office tower in Regina Saskatchewan Canada. The 20 story building was completed in 1979. The building was designed by Joseph Pettick and features unusual energy-efficient reflective windows containing gold dust giving the building its distinctive colour. The building houses the corporate offices of Saskatchewan Government Insurance (SGI).
 Muttock Historic and Archeological District is an historic district in Middleborough Massachusetts.The district was built in 1736 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It encompasses a major 18th century industrial complex developed by Peter Oliver; it has been preserved as Oliver Mill Park in Middleborough.
 Northeast Manual Training School also known as Edison High School was a historic school building located in the Fairhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903-1905 as a 3 1/2-story random coursed granite building in the Romanesque-style. It featured a center turret flanked by projecting gable ends.A fire on August 3 2011 destroyed most of the interior but the structural walls remained in good condition.
 Coleridge Cottage is a cottage situated in Nether Stowey Bridgwater Somerset England.It was constructed in the 17th century as a building containing a parlour kitchen and service room on the ground floor and three corresponding bed chambers above. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.The poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge lived here for three years from 1797.
 All Saints' Church Thurgarton is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Thurgarton Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on a crossroads north of the village 6 miles (10 km) south of Cromer to the west of the A140 road.
 Wollaton Hall is a country house standing on a small but prominent hill in Wollaton Park Nottingham England. The house is now Nottingham Natural History Museum with Nottingham Industrial Museum in the out-buildings. The surrounding park land is regularly used for large-scale outdoor events such as rock concerts sporting events and festivals.
 The congregation of Immanuel Lutheran Church in Valparaiso Indiana was founded in 1862 by 45 German families. The church building was erected in 1891 by Henry Lemster and his son Charles. A fire gutted the building in 1975 marks of which can still be seen on the altar and pews.
 US Post Office-Rye is a historic post office building located at Rye in Westchester County New York United States. It was built in 1935 and designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under the direction of Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrical flat roofed building in the Colonial Revival style. The front facade features a central recessed entrance with broad limestone surround and shallow decorated cornice.
 The Floed–Lane House also known as the Creed Floed House is a Classical Revival house in Roseburg Oregon. It was completed in 1854 although some researchers believed the year was 1860. The house is a standard two up and two down design with upper and lower story porches. It was home to the daughter of Joseph Lane and generations of descendants of the Lane family until it was donated to the Douglas County Historical Society in 1960 following damage sustained in the Roseburg Blast of 1959.
 Landis Homestead also known as the Morris Jarrett Farm is a historic home located near Tylersport in Salford Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The main farm house was built in 1839 and is a 2 1/2-story four bay by two bay stucco over stone dwelling. It has a medium pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a contributing barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Our Lady of the Wayside Church is a modest church built in 1912 for the then-growing Catholic parish of Portola Valley by a combined effort of Jewish Protestant and Catholic members of The Family a San Francisco men's club that owns a nearby rural retreat.The building itself was constructed of steel-reinforced concrete with stucco finish in the Mission Revival style with the added Georgian element of the main doorway with its scrolled pediment.
 Mount Zion Baptist Church is a historic church at 212 Second Street in Anniston Alabama. It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Richmond Place now known as Asgill House is a Grade I listed 18th-century riverside Palladian villa on Old Palace Lane in Richmond London (historically in Surrey). The house is on the former site of the river frontage and later the brewhouse for the medieval and Tudor Richmond Palace.
 The Bridge over French Creek in West Mead Township was a historic metal truss bridge spanning French Creek at West Mead Township Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1888 and was a single span Pratt through truss bridge measuring 158-foot-long (48 m). It was built by the Penn Bridge Company of Beaver Falls Pennsylvania. It has been demolished.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Binondo Church also known as Minor Basilica of St. Lorenzo Ruiz and Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary Parish  is located in the District of Binondo Manila fronting Plaza San Lorenzo Ruiz in the Philippines. This church was founded by Dominican priests in 1596 to serve their Chinese converts to Christianity. The original building was destroyed in 1762 by British bombardment.
 Center City Historic District is a grouping of 19 homes and one church along Summit Avenue in Center City Minnesota United States. It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Center City became the county seat of Chisago County in the 1870s during a time of Swedish migration and settlement in the county.
 El Pueblo History Museum is a local history museum in Pueblo Colorado USA. The museum presents the history of Pueblo together with the cultural and ethnic groups of the region. The historical site includes an 1840s-style adobe trading post and plaza and the archaeological excavation site of the original 1842 El Pueblo trading post which was listed on the US National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The facility is administered by History Colorado.
 The Lami Mosque is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj. It was built by Hajji Alia in 1689. The Friday Khutbah is given in three languages in Arabic Albanian and Bosnian language. Next to the mosque is the gasulhane where the bodies of dead people are held. In this mosque is also prayed the xhenaze namaz for the dead peoples. In 1968 the Yugoslavian anti-Albanian government wanted to destroy the mosque but the bravery of the imam Ibrahim ef.
 The Bell Building is an office building located in downtown Montgomery Alabama. It was built in 1907 by local businessman Newton J. Bell and was the tallest building in Montgomery at the time. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. The height of the building is 187 feet tall.
 The Children's Library Discovery Center in Jamaica New York USA is an addition to the Queens Central Library building. It was commissioned by the New York City Department of Design & Construction and completed in 2011 under the New York City Design and Construction Excellence program.The center is the Queens Borough Public Library system's largest facility.
 St George's Cathedral Southwark (Br [ˈsʌðɨk]) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the Archdiocese of Southwark south London England.The Cathedral is the Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Province of Southwark which covers the Archdiocese of Southwark (all of London south of the River Thames including Kent and north Surrey) and the Dioceses of Arundel and Brighton Portsmouth and Plymouth.
 World Port Centre is a 33-storey 123.1 m (404 ft) skyscraper in Rotterdam Netherlands. The tower was commissioned by ING Real Estate Development. The building costs amounted to approximately NLG100 million. The Port of Rotterdam Authority is the main occupant of the WPC using floors 2 to 19. Floors 25 to 28 are rented to Eneco Energie floors 29 to 32 are built as conference areas and are commercially leased to Regus.
 Novant Health Thomasville Medical Center As part of Novant Health Thomasville Medical Center is a 149-bed private not-for-profit hospital in Thomasville North Carolina. It provides acute outpatient community wellness and home health services.
 Indian Queen Tavern and Black's Store is a historic hotel and store complex located at Charlestown Cecil County Maryland USA. It consists of two mid-18th century structures: Black's Store originally the Red Lyon Inn and the Indian Queen Tavern later called Hotel. The two taverns and their remaining outbuildings form a court. The outbuildings include a log kitchen with a loft and a two-story smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Cadillac Centre was a proposed contemporary complex to be constructed in downtown Detroit Michigan on the Monroe block of Campus Martius. In January 2008 the city announced that the complex was approved for construction with groundbreaking planned for September 2009 but the project was placed on hold indefinitely due to an economic recession.
 St Michael's Church Muncaster is located in the grounds of Muncaster Castle near Ravenglass Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Calder the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Paul Irton St John the Baptist Waberthwaite and St Catherine Boot. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Destin History & Fishing Museum is located at 108 Stahlman Avenue Destin Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of the town and the fishing industry in relation to it.
 Westgate Methodist Chapel stands on the A689 road in the village of Westgate some 5 miles (8 km) west of Stanhope County Durham England (grid reference NY905380). It is a redundant chapel under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Governor Stephen Hopkins House built in 1708 is a museum and National Historic Landmark in Providence Rhode Island that was the home of Stephen Hopkins a governor of Rhode Island and signatory of the Declaration of Independence.Stephen Hopkins purchased the house in 1743 and made a large two story addition to the original house that was built in 1708.
 East India House was the London headquarters of the East India Company from which much of British India was governed until the British government took control of the Company's possessions in India in 1858. It was located in Leadenhall Street in the City of London. The first East India House on the site was an Elizabethan mansion previously known as Craven House which the Company first occupied in 1648. This was completely rebuilt in 1726–9; and further remodelled and extended in 1796–1800.
 Smedley Hydro is a former Victorian Hydropathic Spa and Hotel which is now home to the UK national registration offices situated in Birkdale Southport Merseyside.
 The Moss Mansion Historic House Museum is located in Billings Montana on 914 Division St. It is a red-stoned mansion built in 1903 by Preston B. Moss who moved to Billings from Paris Missouri. It was inhabited solely by Mr. and Mrs. Moss their six children and 3 servants until 1984. The house was built for a cost of $105000 when most homes averaged about $3000. It has 28 rooms and is 60 feet (18 m) square.
 The Mountain Winery formerly the Paul Masson Mountain Winery is a winery in Saratoga California USA. It was founded by Paul Masson a pioneer of the California wine industry. The winery became famous for its slogan voiced by Orson Welles in television commercials We will sell no wine before its time.The winery is a California Historical Landmark (#733) and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Metropolitan Correctional Center Chicago (MCC Chicago) is a United States federal prison facility in Chicago Illinois which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels prior to or during court proceedings in the Northern District of Illinois as well as inmates serving brief sentences. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 The Lewis Bridge over the Keya Paha River is a historic bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.The bridge carries a county road over the Keya Paha River 13.6 miles northeast of Springview Nebraska spanning between Keya Paha County Nebraska and Tripp County South Dakota.
 Sperone Westwater Gallery is a contemporary art gallery located at 257 Bowery New York NY between Stanton and Houston Streets. The gallery stands one block north of the New Museum. The eight-story building including a mechanical floor and basement contains 20000 square feet of gallery space with the lobby and the terraces for exhibitions. The main feature of this building is the Big Red Box a 12-foot by 20-foot moving gallery.
 The Church of St Thomas the Martyr at Overmonnow Monmouth south east Wales is located beside the medieval Monnow Bridge across the River Monnow. At least part of the building dates from around 1180 and it has a fine 12th-century Norman chancel arch though the exterior was largely rebuilt in the early 19th century. It is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail and is a Grade II* listed building.
 Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center is a hospital at 45 Golder Street in Lewiston Maine adjacent to Bates College.
 The Smithsonian Institution's Museum Support Center (MSC) is a collections storage and conservation facility in Suitland Maryland which houses Smithsonian collections which are not on display in the museums. It is not usually open to the public due to security concerns though occasionally special tours are organized.More than 54 million collections items are housed at the MSC.
 The Trowulan Museum is an archaeological museum located in Trowulan Mojokerto in East Java Indonesia. The museum was built in order to house the artifacts and archaeological findings discovered around Trowulan and its vicinity.
 Mindoro Cut is a cut in the Town of Farmington in La Crosse County Wisconsin which carries Wisconsin Highway 108 through Phillips Ridge linking Mindoro with West Salem. The cut is 74 feet (23 m) deep 86 feet (26 m) long and 25 feet (7.6 m) wide; it is the second-deepest cut built by hand in the Western Hemisphere and the oldest functional cut which has not been improved upon. Work on the cut began in 1907 and concluded in 1908; the project was completed primarily with hand tools.
 Casapueblo is the house of Uruguayan artist Carlos Páez Vilaró located in Punta Ballena (Whale Point) near Punta del Este Uruguay. It is a homage to the artist's son Carlitos Paez one of the sixteen survivors of the crash of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571.
 The Minster Church of St Nicholas in Great Yarmouth is the largest parish church in England by floor-surface area. It was founded in 1101 by Herbert de Losinga the first Bishop of Norwich and consecrated in 1119. It is cruciform with a central tower which may preserve a part of the original structure although the form of the church has been changed by a number of alterations. The width of the nave is 26 feet (7.9 m) and the total length of the church is 236 feet (72 m).
 Milton Wilson House is a historic home located at Rushville in Yates County New York. It is a Queen Anne style structure built about 1906.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The National Shrine of St. John Neumann is a Roman Catholic National shrine dedicated to St. John Neumann who was the fourth Bishop of Philadelphia and the first American male to be canonized. The shrine is located in the lower church of St. Peter the Apostle Church at 1019 North 5th Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania in the United States. The main church was built in 1843.Adjoining the lower church is a small museum which displays exhibits relating to the life of the saint.
 St Finian's Church of Ireland is located in the village of Newcastle County Dublin. The church building dates from around the year 1400. It has a residential tower attached to it in which the priest lived. In the late 15th century the elaborate eastern window was added.
 The Collegiate Church of St. Nicholas is the largest medieval parish church in Ireland in continuous use as a place of worship. It is located in Galway in the Republic of Ireland and was founded in 1320 dedicated (like many other European churches in seaports) to Saint Nicholas of Myra the patron saint of seafarers. The church now belongs to the Church of Ireland.
 Government House in Newtown Wellington New Zealand is the principal residence of the Governor-General of New Zealand. It was designed by Claude Paton in the office of John Campbell Government Architect. Built between 1908 and 1910 the house's grounds total 12 ha and the house is 4200 m2.
 SkyWheel is a 187-foot tall (57.0 m) Ferris wheel in Myrtle Beach South Carolina.When it opened on 20 May 2011 it was the second-tallest extant Ferris wheel in North America after the 212-foot (64.6 m) Texas Star in Dallas and the tallest wheel in the United States east of the Mississippi River.
 The U.S. Forest Service Building is a historic building in Ogden Utah owned by the United States federal government. Located at 507 25th Street it is listed as a Historic Federal Building (GSA Building #: UT0010ZZ) and was constructed during the years 1933–1934. Its primary task was to provide offices for the U.S. Forest Service Intermountain Region the Experimental Station and the Supply Depot. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Cammeringham Priory was a priory in Cammeringham Lincolnshire England.It was an Alien house granted by 1126 to the abbey of L'Essay in the diocese of Coutances by Robert de Haya with the advice of his wife Muriel and also to the Premonstratensian abbey of Blanchelande in Normandy.
 Church of Saint Michael (Czech: Kostel svatého Michala) is a Roman Catholic church in Olomouc Czech Republic. It is one of the most important landmarks of the city.The church connected originally with the Dominican Order was constructed in the 13th century and reconstructed to its current Baroque form in 1676-1703 by Giovanni Pietro Tencalla. Stucco ornamentation of the interior was provided by Baltazar Fontana.
 McFarlane-Bredt House is a historic home located at Rosebank Staten Island New York. It was built originally about 1840 and is a two-story wood frame clapboard house in the Italian Villa style. It consists of four sections: the original two story central section built about 1840; the extension to the original section built about 1860; a wind added about 1870; and a three-story western addition completed in the 1890s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Ismaili Centre London is one of five such centres world-wide. Established in South Kensington more than a quarter of a century ago it is a religious social and cultural meeting place for the Ismaili Muslim community in the United Kingdom and is the first such centre to be specially designed and built for Ismailis in the Western world.
 Merton College Chapel is the church of Merton College Oxford England. Dedicated to St Mary and St John the Baptist the chapel was largely completed at the end of the 13th century.
 The Heman R. Goodrich House is a private residence located 428 South Church Street in Hudson in west Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 22 1992.Built between 1861–1862 this house was built by Heman Goodrich who was one of Hudson's first settlers in 1836. In 1854 he married Almira Carleton sister of famed poet Will Carleton who also lived in Hudson.
 The Canadian Golf Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum and hall of fame covering the history of the game of golf in Canada and celebrating the careers and accomplishments of the most significant contributors to the game in that country.
 Hōun-ji (法雲寺) is a Rinzai Buddhist temple in Hyōgo Prefecture (formerly Harima province).
 St. Joseph Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 430 Church Street in Bowling Green Kentucky.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 Gurney Plaza is a shopping mall located at Gurney Drive promenade in George Town Penang Malaysia.
 Zarzis Synagogue (Arabic: كنيس جرجيس‎) also known as Beit HaKnesset Mishkan Ya’akov (Hebrew: בית הכנסת משכן יעקב‎) is located in the coastal town of Zarzis Tunisia. It was built in around 1900 when the Jewish community of Zarzis numbered approximately 1000. An arson attack in 1982 by local Arabs following Sabra and Shatila massacre of Muslim Palestinians by Christians in Lebanon left the synagogue and Torah scrolls totally destroyed.
 Angle Farm also known as Maplebrow is a historic home located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It is a three-part two-story five bay log and timber frame dwelling on a fieldstone foundation. The original three bay log section was built between about 1800 and 1815 and two additional bays were added in the 1850s. It is sheathed in stucco and board-and-batten siding. A modern frame kitchen wing is attached to the rear.
 The Pacific Pinball Museum is a museum that showcases the history of pinball machines since 1879. The museum is located in Alameda California in the United States.
 First Presbyterian Church Manse is a historic church parsonage at 415 N. Maple Street in North Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 The Thomas J. Watson Library is the main research library of The Metropolitan Museum of Art and supports the research activities of the Museum staff as well as outside researchers and can be accessed without appointment. At The Metropolitan Museum of Art each Department maintains a library most of which have materials requestable online through the libraries' catalog.
 St. Joseph's (Polish: Kościół Świętego Józefa) is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in Chicago Illinois at 4821 South Hermitage Avenue.It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. Along with St. John of God it is one of two monumental religious edifices that dominates the skyline of the Back of the Yards neighborhood.
 The Pinball Hall of Fame opened in Paradise Nevada in January 2006. It is a project of the Las Vegas Pinball Collectors Club and it features pinball machines from all eras including some very rare machines such as Williams' Black Gold Bally's Pinball Circus and Recreativos Franco's Impacto.
 Star Junction Historic District is a national historic district located at Perry Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 163 contributing buildings and 2 contributing structures in the bituminous coal mining community of Star Junction. Most of the contributing buildings were built between 1892 and 1918 and 130 of the contributing buildings are two-story frame duplex workers housing. The oldest building is the Whitsett farmhouse built about 1845.
 Moore-Howland Estate is a historic estate complex located at Catskill in Greene County New York. The property includes a large estate house that was constructed during two major building programs in 1866 and 1900-1901. A number of small additions alterations and interior remodeling occurred between the 1920s and the present. It is a long rambling building one and one half to two and one half stories tall.
 The Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art (NEHMA) is the largest museum at Utah State University in Logan Utah. Founded in 1982 with the ceramic collection of its namesake Nora Eccles Harrison the Museum is part of the Fine Arts Complex at USU and consists of three levels open to the public as well as a courtyard shared with other university buildings.
 Dr. Virgil Cox House is a historic home located at Galax Virginia. It was built about 1913 and is a large 2 1/2-story frame dwelling with Queen Anne and Colonial Revival style design elements. It has a complex exterior presentation complex roof plan and an equally complex floorplan.
 222 Margaret Street (nicknamed Bon Bon) is a 274-metre (899 ft) skyscraper under construction in Brisbane Australia. The design is a 90 storeys high residential and hotel tower which will become Brisbane's tallest building when completed.It will be part of 111+222 development consisting of two buildings; a 34-storey commercial office tower at 111 Mary Street and a 90-storey residential and hotel complex at 222 Margaret Street.
 Historic Locust Grove is a 55-acre 18th-century farm site and National Historic Landmark situated in eastern Jefferson County Kentucky. The site is owned by the Louisville Metro government and operated as a historic interpretive site by Historic Locust Grove Inc.The main feature on the property is the ca. 1790 Georgian mansion that was the home of the Croghan family and gathering place for George Rogers Clark Lewis and Clark and U.S. Presidents.
 Andrews Methodist Church redirects here. For the church in Brooklyn see Andrews United Methodist ChurchAndrews Methodist Episcopal Church the mother church of Mother's Day was incorporated as the International Mother's Day Shrine on May 15 1962 as a tribute to all mothers.The church was constructed in 1873 and is located on Main Street in downtown Grafton in Taylor County West Virginia. The International Mother's Day Shrine was designated a National Historic Landmark October 5 1992.
 The Shāh Abdol Azīm Shrine (Persian: شاه عبدالعظیم‎) located in Rey Iran contains the tomb of: ‘Abdul ‘Adhīm ibn ‘Abdillāh al-Hasanī (aka. Shah Abdol Azim). Shah Abdol Azim was a fifth generation descendant of Hasan ibn ‘Alī and a companion of Muhammad al-Taqī.
 The Edmund Fowle House is a historic house and local history museum at 28 Marshall Street in Watertown Massachusetts USA. Built in 1722 it is the second oldest surviving house in Watertown (after the Browne House built c. 1698). Watertown was the seat of Massachusetts government during the British occupation of Boston in the American Revolution.
 Shanhua Temple (Chinese: 善化寺; pinyin: Shànhùa Sì) is a Buddhist temple located in Datong Shanxi Province China. The temple was first founded during the early 8th century of the Tang Dynasty but its earliest surviving building dates from the 11th century. The temple was heavily repaired over the years and today three original halls and two recently rebuilt pavilions survive.
 The Lincoln Institute was an all-black boarding high school in Shelby County Kentucky that operated from 1912 to 1966.The school was created by the trustees of Berea College after the Day Law passed the Kentucky Legislature in 1904. It put an end to the racially integrated education at Berea that had lasted since the end of the Civil War.
 St. Mary's Church Greasley is a parish church in the Church of England in Greasley Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Canty House also known as The Magnolia is a historic home located on the campus of West Virginia State University at Institute Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built about 1900 as a simply designed two-story frame farm house. In 1923 it was remodeled to its present form in the Classical Revival style. It has flanking two-story side galleries and a center pedimented pavilion. It features a two-story portico supported by two Corinthian order columns.
 The Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery is located at the junction of NY state highway 343 and Church Street in the village of Millbrook New York United States. The meeting house the third one on the site was built by a group of Friends (Quakers) from the Cape Cod region Nantucket and Rhode Island in 1780.It was the largest meeting in the Hudson Valley and many other meetings split off from it.
 Advision Studios was a recording studio in West London.
 The Goodyear Airdock is a construction and storage airship hangar in Akron Ohio.
 Padgett's Creek Baptist Church is a historic church in Cross Keys Union County South Carolina.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 Crystal Mall is an enclosed two-level regional mall in Waterford Connecticut. It is situated in a central retail area off the Hartford Turnpike (Route 85) across from another large shopping center Waterford Commons. The mall covers a gross leaseable area of almost 800000 square feet making it Connecticut's ninth biggest mall boasting over 130 shops.
 Boyd School is a historic Italianate style school house built in 1889 in Holmes County Ohio.
 Hubbardston Town Common Historic District is a historic town common district on Main and Brigham Streets in Hubbardston Massachusetts.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The district was named as one of the 1000 Places to Visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.
 Welch Factory Building No. 1 is a historic grape juice factory located at Westfield in Chautauqua County New York. It was built in 1897 and expanded in 1899 and 1903 to be an 8-bay wide 10-bay deep rectangular building. It is the oldest extant structure associated with the Welch's company.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Established in 1703 St. Michael's Church in downtown Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States is the founding parish of the Episcopal Diocese of New Jersey. Its present building located at 140 North Warren Street was built between 1747 and1748 and was renovated in 1810 and 1847 to 1848. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 1982 as St. Michael's Episcopal Church.
 Codorus Forge and Furnace Historic District also known as Hellem (Hellam) Forge is a historic iron forge and national historic district located at Hellam Township in York County Pennsylvania. The district includes four contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing structure. The contributing buildings are the iron furnace (c. 1836) charcoal house (c. 1836) ruins of works' houses (c. 1836) ironmaster's house and furnace office (c.
 The Perkins County Courthouse located on Lincoln St. in Grant is the county courthouse of Perkins County Nebraska. Built in 1926-27 the courthouse is the third used by Perkins County. Architect J.F. Reynolds designed the courthouse in the County Citadel style a type of courthouse design heavily influenced by Classical Revival architecture.
 The Gulliver mixed-use (Ukrainian: Офісно-торгово-розважальний центр «Еспланада») is a 35-story mixed-use building in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. It is located at the very centre of the city near Palats Sportu metro station (municipal address: 1 Sportyvna Sq). It is the highest office building in Kiev and is the second highest building in the country.
 The old Oconee County Jail is a former jail that was located at Short Street in Walhalla South Carolina in Oconee County. The jail was located on the grounds of the current Oconee County Courthouse. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1982 along with the Oconee County Cage. At the time of its listing the jail was one of the few remaining nineteenth or twentieth century jails in upper northwestern South Carolina. It was demolished around 1985.
 Roy Thomson Hall is a concert hall located at 60 Simcoe Street in Toronto Ontario. It is the home of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Opened in 1982 its circular architectural design exhibits a sloping and curvilinear glass exterior. It was designed by Canadian architects Arthur Erickson and Mathers and Haldenby.
 The Flint House is a historic First Period house at 28 Lexington Road in Lincoln Massachusetts. The oldest portions of this house have very early colonial construction and its main block either is or contains portions of a mansion built by Ephraim Flint and mentioned in a 1709 deed.
 Lake Roland Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore City and Baltimore County Maryland United States. It consists of a man-made lake Lake Roland portions of the Jones Falls and Roland Run streambeds and portions of the rights-of-way of former Green Spring Valley Railroad and the Northern Central Railway. The central portion of the historic district is occupied by Lake Roland with a stone dam capped by a stone valve house built in 1858-1861.
 Big Bottom Farm is a farm in Allegany County Maryland USA on the National Register of Historic Places. The Greek Revival house was built circa 1845 possibly by John Jacob Smouse and exhibits a level of historically accurate detailing unusual for the area. The property includes a late 19th-century barn and several frame outbuildings.
 The Rock County Courthouse located on State St. between Caroline and Bertha Sts. in Bassett Nebraska was built in 1939. It is an Art Deco style building designed by E.B. Watson.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The listing included two contributing buildings.It was deemed significant for its architecture and association with politics and government in Rock County.
 Mennonite Meetinghouse (Germantown Mennonite Church) is a historic Mennonite church building at 6119 Germantown Avenue in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The first settlers in Germantown in 1683 were Dutch or Germans recruited by William Penn. Most of the settlers had a Mennonite background but joined the Quaker meeting. By about 1690 several families attended non-Quaker services and they built a log church in 1708. This church was the first Mennonite Church in America.
 Laurel Hill Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Laurinburg North Carolina.The congregation was founded in 1797 and the Greek Revival meeting house was constructed in 1856. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 James Hall Transport Museum is located in Johannesburg South Africa.It is largest transport museum in Africa.It is a museum that aims to preserve and promote the history of over 400 years of transport in South Africa in particular and Africa in general. It was established in 1964 by Jimmie Hall.
 The Protestant church of Jorwert or Saint Radboud’s church is a medieval religious building in Jorwert Friesland Netherlands. It is an early 12th-century Romanesque church with a long round closed choir and a late 12th-century tower. The church is largely built of tuffstone. In 1951 the tower collapsed soon after it it was rebuilt.
 The Belle Fourche Dam also known as Orman Dam is a dam on Owl Creek in Butte County South Dakota USA approximately eight miles east of Belle Fourche South Dakota along U.S. Route 212. Its construction created the Belle Fourche Reservoir the Belle Fourche National Wildlife Refuge and the Rocky Point Recreation Area. The reservoir has approximately eight thousand acres of water surface 6700 acres of land and 58 miles of shoreline. It's stocked with walleye catfish and white bass.
 St Thomas the Apostle was a parish church in Knightrider Street in the City of London. In existence by the late twelfth century it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 Rambam Health Care Campus (Hebrew: רמבם - הקריה הרפואית לבריאות האדם‎) or Rambam Hospital is a hospital in the Bat Galim neighborhood of Haifa Israel. The largest medical center in northern Israel and fifth largest in Israel it is named for the 12th century physician-philosopher Rabbi Moshe Ben-Maimon (Maimonides) known as the Rambam.
 Indian Institute of Research in Numismatic Studies is located near the town of Nasik in Maharashtra state of India. Known locally as the Money Museum it is primarily a research centre with one wing dedicated to a public gallery.
 Menara Mesiniaga is a futuristic building located in SS16 Subang Jaya Selangor Malaysia. It is owned by Mesiniaga Berhad. The building become an iconic landmark of Subang Jaya behind Wisma Consplant Subang Parade and Empire Subang.
 Holy Rosary Cathedral at 13th Avenue and Garnet Street in Regina Saskatchewan is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Regina.Construction began in 1912; the cornerstone was blessed (see photo) by the Apostolic Delegate. the Ambassador of the Holy See on 30 June 1913 before some 2000 people and the building was completed in 1917.It was designed in the Romanesque Revival style by the firm of Joseph Fortin of Montreal who also designed the Roman Catholic cathedrals of St.
 West View is a historic residence in Zanesville Ohio United States. Built in 1890 it was one of the first houses to be built in its neighborhood.Richard Bonifield was a leading Zanesville physician establishing his practice in the city in 1867. By the late 1880s he had become sufficiently prosperous to build a house in an undeveloped area of the city.
 St. Michael of Lillo (Spanish: San Miguel de Lillo Asturian: Samiguel de Lliño) is a Roman Catholic church built on the Naranco mount near the Church of Santa María del Naranco in Asturias. It was consecrated by Ramiro I and his wife Paterna in the year 848. It was originally dedicated to St. Mary until this worship passed to the nearby palace in the 12th century leaving this church dedicated to Saint Michael. It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1985.
 Via Christi Hospital (Pittsburg) (formerly known as Mt. Carmel Regional Medical Center) is a 188-bed hospital located in Pittsburg Kansas and operated by Via Christi Health.
 The Otho Poole House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hoornbeek Store Complex is a Registered Historic Place in the hamlet of Napanoch New York United States. It consists of several buildings located on a one-acre (0.4 ha) parcel on Main Street between Clinton and Church streets. They reflect Napanoch's transition from its original settlement into the Delaware and Hudson Canal era and the move from Federal style to Greek Revival as the dominant style in American architecture.
 The Cambridge Whitefriars or Newnham Whitefriars were a community of Carmelite friars who first settled in Chesterton outside Cambridge in the thirteenth century. Although granted permission by Henry III to build a house there in 1247 they instead moved into a house in Newnham donated to them by Michael Malherbe in 1249. It was situated in the parish of St-Peter-outside-the-gate in Trumpington and so fell under the jurisdiction of the Hospital of St John the Evangelist.
 Pittsgrove Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Main Street in the Daretown neighborhood of Upper Pittsgrove Township Salem County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1767 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Church of the Twelve Holy Apostles (Italian: Santi Dodici Apostoli Latin: SS. XII Apostolorum) is a 6th-century Roman Catholic parish and titular church and minor basilica in Rome Italy dedicated originally to St. James and St. Philip and later to all Apostles. Today the basilica is under the care of the Conventual Franciscans whose headquarters in Rome is in the adjacent building.The Cardinal Priest of the Titulus XII Apostolorum is Angelo Scola.
 One Financial Center is a modern skyscraper adjacent to Dewey Square in the Financial District of Boston Massachusetts. Built in 1983 it is Boston's 7th-tallest building standing 590 feet (180 meters) tall and housing 46 floors. An unusual 90 ft (27 m) tall glass-roofed lobby known as the atrium occupies the first two stories. The remaining stories are offices home to a number of law firms Certified Public Accountants and financial services companies.
 Quaker Bridge is a historic steel Pratt truss bridge located in Hempfield Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898 by the Cleveland Bridge Company and is a 124-foot-long (38 m) bridge with a single span. It crosses Little Shenango River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Carlisle Franciscan Friary was a medieval monastic house in Cumbria England.
 De Gray House is located in Franklin Lakes Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1785 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 HM Prison Kirklevington Grange is a Category C/D men's prison located in the village of Kirklevington (near Yarm) in North Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Château de Gaujacq is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to 1686 and was built in the Italian renaissance style.
 The Protection of the Theotokos Church (Ukrainian: Свято-Покровська церква) is an Orthodox temple in the central part of the village of Il’nytsya Irshava Raion Zakarpattia Oblast Ukraine.
 The Western Bohemian Fraternal Union Hall is an historic building located in Meadowlands Minnesota that was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 31 1986. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community and hosted a Zapandi Czechoslovakia Brakaska Jednota lodge. The lodge also served as a host for Sokol events
 The Titanic Museum is a two-story museum shaped like the RMS Titanic. It is located in Pigeon Forge Tennessee and opened on April 8 2010. It is built half-scale to the original ship. Similar to the one in Branson Missouri the museum holds 400 pre-discovery artifacts in twenty galleries.
 Lovund Church (Norwegian: Lovund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village/island of Lovund. The church is part of the Lurøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1960 and was consecrated on 11 September 1960 by the Bishop Hans Edvard Wisløff.
 The Swedish American Farmsteads of Porter County Indiana are representative of the numerous rural communities settled by a significant ethnic population. They influenced the religious community and social community. This collection is the most complete early 20th century complex within the Swedish cultural landscape of Baileytown and has retained a great deal of integrity.
 Sarbanes Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in about 1930 and is a two-story wood-frame duplex dwelling with stucco siding and a hipped roof 40 feet square on a fieldstone foundation. The basement once held the Sarbanes family's candy factory.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Minnesota Streetcar Museum (MSM) is a transport museum that operates two heritage streetcar lines in Minneapolis Minnesota and the western suburb of Excelsior.
 Fort Saginaw Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Buena Vista Township just outside the city of Saginaw Michigan United States. Opened in 1966 the mall served as Saginaw's only enclosed mall until Fashion Square Mall opened on the other end of town in 1972. Fort Saginaw Mall had become a dead mall by the 1980s as many of its stores had closed.
 The Sellers Farm in Maysville Arkansas is a building from 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Boston Edison Power Station is a historic power station at 374 Homer Street in Newton Massachusetts. The single story stuccoed masonry building was built in 1904 and enlarged to its present size by additions in 1910 and 1913. It was originally built to provide direct current for electric streetcars but its service was expanded to provide power distribution for the entire area.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 First Congregational Church of Bay Shore is a historic Congregational church complex at 1860 Union Boulevard(SCR 50) on the corner of First Street at Bay Shore Suffolk County New York United States. Contributing elements of the complex consists of three attached units: the 1891 Romanesque Revival / Shingle Style church and rectory. The church is a cruciform plan gable roofed structure that features a square bell tower and porte cochere.
 The Colorado Springs Public Library-Carnegie Building is a Neo-classical library building in Colorado Springs Colorado. Funded by the Andrew Carnegie Library Fund. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is associated with the City Beautiful movement.
 Five Ways Tower is a 23 storey commercial building on a 2.1-acre (8500 m2) prime site located in the Birmingham City Centre by the corner of Frederick Road and Islington Road near to the Five Ways roundabout and close to Five Ways Station at the gateway to the Edgbaston area of Birmingham 15 England. The building was completed in 1979.Several hotels expressed interest in acquiring the building from its owners since its solid concrete design could be converted into a business class hotel.
 Freemasons' Hall (Danish: Frimurerordenens stamhus) located on Blegdamsvej street in Copenhagen's Østerbro district Denmark is the headquarters of the Danish Order of Freemasons (the Grand Lodge of Denmark) and a meeting place for the freemasonic lodges in the Copenhagen area.
 The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Thermopolis was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 Cumberland Mall located in the Cumberland district of Metropolitan Atlanta near the suburbs of Smyrna and Vinings opened on August 8 1973 and was the largest mall in Georgia United States when it first opened.
 Incarnation Catholic Church and School are a large Catholic church and elementary school located on North Brand Boulevard in Glendale California. The parish was founded in 1927 and the school in 1937. The current church was completed in 1952.
 UBL Tower a building under construction in Karachi Pakistan is the headquarters of United Bank Ltd. This Project is located on Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar Road Karachi also called Downtown Karachi. It will be about 110m tall and will contain 32 floors. Construction began in 2009 and it will be completed by the year end of 2015.
 The Storm King Highway is a three-mile (4.8 km) segment of New York State Route 218 (NY 218) between Lee Road in the Town of Highlands at the south end and the Cornwall-on-Hudson village line in Orange County New York in the United States.
 Twin Oaks also known as the Robert Reily House is a historically significant residence in the city of Wyoming located near Cincinnati in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Ohio. Constructed in the middle of the nineteenth century it was the home of Robert Reily one of the leading citizens of early Wyoming. Its heavy stone architecture features a mix of two important architectural styles of the period and it has been named a historic site.
 Manoir de Jaillac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Alumni Hall also known as Chapel Hall is a historic multipurpose building located on the campus of Alfred University at Alfred in Allegany County New York. It is a large frame structure built in 1851-1852 with what has been described as Alfred's most important Greek Revival features. The three-story 52-foot-wide (16 m) by 102-foot-long (31 m) rectangular structure has a red terra cotta roof.
 Adon Smith House is a historic home located at Hamilton in Madison County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling with Italianate elements. It features a U-shaped porch with elaborate wrought iron columns and railings and has a glazed belvedere. It is now used as the village office building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Douglas City Hall is the historic city hall located at 130 S. Third St. in Douglas Wyoming. The building was constructed from 1915 to 1916 to serve as Douglas' center of government. Architect William Norman Bowman designed the building iin the Georgian Revival style. The brick building's design features a broken pediment over its front entrance supported by pilasters.
 Clarence Campbell House also known as Hillcrest is a historic home and farm located near Union Monroe County West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and is a large 2 1/2-story three bay frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. The house is covered in clapboard painted white. It features a two-story rounded tower on the southwestern corner and wraparound verandah. Also on the property is a children's playground (c. 1920) garage and shop (c. 1910) cattle barn (c.
 George Underhill House also known as Wayside is a historic home located at Locust Valley in Nassau County New York. It is a rambling U-shaped wood-frame house with 1- 1 1⁄2- and 2-story sections dated to about 1790. The original section is a 1 1⁄2-story timber-frame structure with a moderately pitched gable roof. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame tenant house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Southwest Florida Regional Medical Center was a 400 bed general hospital in Fort Myers Florida. Then Ft Myers Community Hospital was originally developed by a subsidiary of Basic American Industries (BAI) called Basic American Medical in 1974. BAI was based in Indianapolis Indiana. The first Executive Director of the Hospital was John Gass.
 The Level Club is a building in the Upper West Side neighborhood of New York City located at 253 West 73rd Street. It was built as a men's club by a group of Freemasons in 1927; it served this original function for about three years. Afterwards the building was used in turn as a hotel and a drug re-hab center. It has now been remodeled as a condominium.
 Otwell is a historic home at Oxford Talbot County Maryland. It is a brick house composed of two major parts the first constructed around 1720-1730 and the other part around 1800-1810. The earliest portion of the building consists of the westerly gambrel roofed structure with a T-shaped plan. At the base of the T are appended three small sections with varying roof lines constructed in the first decade of the 19th century.
 The Beattie Park Mound Group is a grouping of Late Woodland period Indian mounds located in downtown Rockford Illinois United States.
 St Mary at the Quay Church Ipswich is a redundant Anglican church in Ipswich Suffolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It originally served the thriving industry around the docks. The area then became run down but has more recently been redeveloped with the dock being converted into a marina.
 Bon Accord Free Church is a congregation of the Free Church of Scotland in Aberdeen.
 The Wylie School is located in Voluntown Connecticut. The house was built in 1850 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 19 1991.
 Matthewson Farm is an historic farm on 544 Greenville Avenue in Johnston Rhode Island.The Federal style farm house was built in 1750 originally with work later done by William Henry Mathewson. The farm was added to the National Historic Register in 2001.
 The Ebenezer Avery House was originally located on Latham Street and Thames Street in Groton Connecticut United States. The date of the house's construction is unknown but it is believed to be from the 1760s and it was the house of Ebenezer Avery. The Ebenezer Avery House was the location where the British brought the injured soldiers after the Battle of Groton Heights on September 6 1781. In 1971 the house was moved to Fort Griswold Battlefield State Park in Groton and restored.
 The Polebridge Ranger Station in Glacier National Park was the first administrative area in the park predating the park's establishment. The ranger station was destroyed by fire leaving the residence.The historic district originally comprised five cabins a barn oil house a woodshed converted to a checking station garage generator house fire cache washhouse and the Strissel Residence moved to the site in 1975. Many of the other structures were moved to the site in 1955.
 Deer Park Tavern is a historic hotel located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1851 on the land where the remains of the burned down St. Patrick's Inn had resided since 1747. It is a 3 1⁄2-story U-plan building with nine bays at the south front facade. The building is constructed of wood joists with brick and masonry load bearing walls with Greek Revival elements.
 The Cabin Creek Ranger Residence and Dormitory also known as the Cabin Creek Ranger Station were built in 1934 and 1935 in Sequoia National Park by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The three-room wood-frame residence and the two-room dormitory are examples of the National Park Service Rustic style.The two buildings stand close to the former site of the Lost Grove Entrance Station.
 The State Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located next to Zhulyany Airport in Kiev Ukraine. The museum offers both aircraft exhibits and also interactive displays. The museum is one of the larger aviation museums displaying Soviet technology.The museum opened its doors to the public on 30 September 2003 with Yuriy Ziatdinov as initial curator.
 The Stephen Miller House also known as the Van Wyck-Miller House is located along the NY 23 state highway in Claverack New York United States. It is a wooden farmhouse dating from the late 18th century.It is representative of the type of house built by a successful businessman of that region and time period combining the Federal style with Dutch Colonial elements common in earlier houses in the region. It has remained relatively intact with some later additions.
 The Church of The Messiah is an Anglican church in Toronto Canada. The church is located at the corner of Avenue Road and Dupont Street. It was founded by members of the Church of the Redeemer further south on Avenue Road on March 24 1891. The building was designed by Gordon & Helliwell along with a Rectory next door (which has not been owned by the Church for many years).The church suffered a major fire in 1976 that gutted the building and destroyed the parish hall next door.
 The Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Dothan Alabama also known as U.S. Post Office and Court House is a Classical Revival building that was built in 1911 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It continues to serve as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama.
 The Lowell Damon House is located in Wauwatosa Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Eihō-ji (永保寺) is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist temple located in northern Tajimi Gifu Prefecture Japan.Eihō-ji was established in 1313 by the Nanzen-ji branch of Rinzai Zen Buddhism. The temple grounds are home to a number of zazen trainees and the temple holds regular zazen sessions open to the general public.
 Paradise Center in Sofia Bulgaria is the largest mall in Bulgaria and the Balkans based on gross leasable area. It opened doors on 28 March 2013. The mall is a huge investment project with main investor Bulfeld Sofia and construction company Comfort Varna. The building is located in Hladilnika neighbourhood near The South Park. The infrastructure in the area is currently being upgraded by expanding series of streets boulevards and subway systems.
 St. Michael's Church is a historic Episcopal church at 225 West 99th Street and Amsterdam Avenue on Manhattan's Upper West Side in New York City. The parish was founded on the present site in January 1807 at that time in the rural Bloomingdale District. The present limestone Romanesque building the third on the site was built in 1890-91 to designs by Robert W.
 The Palmer-Northrup House (or Northup House) is an historic site at 7919 Post Road in North Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was likely built in the 1680s or earlier. Smith's Castle is located nearby. The Palmer Northrup House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Mount Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church building located along State Route 245 near West Liberty in Salem Township Champaign County Ohio United States. Built in 1881 in the Gothic Revival style of architecture it served a congregation formed in the 1810s. This congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church worshipped in at least three different buildings before its closure.
 The Mission Chapel is a historic church at 205 Summer Street in Worcester Massachusetts. A rare example of the early Victorian Norman (or Romanesque in panel) styling it was built by Ichabod Washburn in 1854 and is one of the city's oldest church buildings. The exterior side walls are divided into bays separated by piers which rise to a layer of corbelling with a second layer of corbelling just below the eave.
 Rhodes Shopping Centre is located in the suburb of Rhodes New South Wales. The centre's main retail residents include IKEA one of many store's to be opened in Sydney a Reading 8-cinema complex Coles supermarket and Target.
 The Church of Christ (Danish: Kristkirken) is a Church of Denmark parish church situated on Enghave Plads in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1900 to the design of Valdemar Koch who also built several other churches in Copenhagen around that time it was the first new church to be opened in the fast-growing neighbourhood to relieve the pressure on St. Mathew's. Its style is inspired by Italian Romanseque church architecture.
 Bachelor's Hope is a historic house in Centreville Maryland. Built between 1798 and 1815 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The US Post Office-Greenfield Main is a historic post office at 442 Main Street in Greenfield Massachusetts. The main two-story central portion of the building was built in 1915 and features restrained Colonial Revival decorations including a pilastered pediment surrounding a recessed arched entrance. The building was expanded in 1939 adding single story wings on each side.
 Yuk Hui Temple (Chinese: 玉虛宮 lit. Palace of the Jade Void) also known as Pak Tai Temple (Chinese: 北帝廟) is a taoist temple located on the island of Cheung Chau Hong Kong. The temple address is Pak She Street Tung Wan Cheung Chau.
 Modoc Mission Church and Cemetery is a historic mission church and cemetery in Miami Oklahoma.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Churchill Building also known as the Gay Building is a nine-story 134-foot-tall (41 m) high-rise building located at 16 North Carroll Street in Madison Wisconsin. Completed in 1915 it was Madison's first skyscraper. It was the tallest building in Wisconsin outside of Milwaukee and remained so until 1917 when the Wisconsin State Capitol was completed.
 Immaculate Conception Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building at 1314 Lynn Avenue in Pawhuska Oklahoma.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Burlington Montgomery Ward Building is a historic former department store building located at 52-54 Church Street between Cherry and Bank Streets in the Church Street Marketplace of downtown Burlington Vermont.
 The Garrison Landing Historic District also known as Garrison's Landing is a small commercial and residential area located between what is now the Metro-North Hudson Line and the Hudson River in Garrison New York United States. Its buildings were mostly erected in the 1850s around the time the Hudson River Railroad later the New York Central laid the tracks. Much of the construction was spearheaded by the president of a local ferry company to provide rental housing for local workers.
 Sunrise Mall is a two-story enclosed shopping mall in Corpus Christi Texas. It is located at the intersection of Airline Dr. & S. Padre Island Drive. Anchor stores include Burlington Coat Factory Sears and Wilcox Furniture. Other tenants include Cinemark Dollar Cinemas Planet Fitness and The Summit Church.
 The William Brinton 1704 House is located in Delaware County Pennsylvania just south of West Chester Pennsylvania.
 Red Lion Borough Historic District is a national historic district located at Red Lion Borough in York County Pennsylvania. The district includes 1482 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures in the central business district and surround residential areas of Red Lion. Most of the buildings are residential and primarily date between 1880 and 1935 and include notable examples of the Colonial Revival and Italianate styles.
 Dobrićevo Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Добрићево) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in the first half of 13th century in the Kingdom of Serbia (modern-day Republic of Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina). The building was originally built by the river Trebišnjica and moved in 1964 to the village Orah in the municipality of Bileća because its original location was flooded after hydro power plant near Bileća was completed in 1965.
 Central Jail Multan is a prominent jail in Multan Pakistan
 The Jacob Koons Farm is a historic farmstead at 1151 Otterdale Mill Road in rural Carroll County Maryland near Taneytown. The main farmhouse a two story rubble stone construction was built in 1869. The property also includes several 19th century outbuildings including a wood frame summer kitchen a stone smokehouse and a wooden barn.The farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Howard J. Burnett Center also known as The Burnett Center is an academic building on the campus of Washington & Jefferson College. This building named after former President Howard J. Burnett was completed in 2001 at a cost of $12.8 million. It houses the Departments of Economics and Business Modern Languages and Education.It features 12 classrooms several circular seminar rooms computer labs and the Yost Auditorium.
 The Lockington Locks are a group of canal locks on the former Miami and Erie Canal in Lockington Ohio United States. Built beginning in 1833 the locks opened for regular use in 1845. The system consists of seven locks: six together at one end and a seventh at the southern end.
 Malibu at Harbour Front is a high-rise condominium building located at 600 Fleet Street near the intersection of Lake Shore Boulevard and Bathurst Street in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada.It is one of the many new condos in the Fort York Neighbourhood in the downtown core. Malibu is located near the Tip Top Lofts to the south Panorama CityPlace to the East the proposed LTD to the north and Waterpark City to the West.
 The Al Seef Towers is a cluster of three residential buildings in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The complex has two towers that will be 35 floors and one tower 40 floors. Construction of the Al Seef Towers was completed in 2008.
 The Muttart Conservatory is a botanical garden located in the North Saskatchewan river valley across from downtown Edmonton. One of the most well-known landmarks of Edmonton the conservatory consists of three city-operated greenhouses public gardens as well as four feature pyramids for display of plant species found across three biomes with the fourth pyramid hosting as a seasonal display.
 Down House is the former home of the English naturalist Charles Darwin and his family. It was in this house and garden that Darwin worked on his theories of evolution by natural selection which he had conceived in London before moving to Downe.The house stands next to Luxted Road 0.25 miles (0.40 km) south of Downe a village 14.25 miles (22.93 km) south east of London's Charing Cross which was still known as Down when he moved there in 1842.
 The Azure Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Azure Mountain at Waverly in Franklin County New York. The station and contributing resources include a 40-foot-tall (12 m) steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1918 a jeep trail now used as a hiking trail which extends from the base of the mountain to two former observers' cabins and a foot trail from the cabins to the summit.
 The Garden Theater Block is a historic commercial block and theater at 353-367 Main Street in Greenfield Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival block was built in 1928 and movies were first shown in the theater in 1929. The theater had at its greatest extent a seating capacity of over 1800 and was richly decorated with garden-themed carpeting and murals of New England scenes by noted theater muralist Frederick Marshall.
 Jordan Landing is a master-planned development located in the center of West Jordan Utah adjacent to South Valley Regional Airport. Its 500 acre (2 km²) size containing 1400000 square feet (130000 m2) of retail space 1200 residential units and 1500000 square feet (140000 m2) of office space places it as a focal point of West Jordan's booming economy.It is one of the largest mixed-use developments in the Intermountain West.
 The Children's Museum of Virginia is the largest children's museum in the state of Virginia. It is located in the heart of Olde Town Portsmouth at 221 High Street. The Children's Museum of Virginia highlights:Life size tug boat for children to play withBubble play areaLife size houseLancaster train area for the little ones to play with trainsAn exhibit that allows children to learn how food goes from farm to house
 Cookhill Priory was a Cistercian nunnery in Worcestershire England. It was founded by Isabel de Mauduit in 1260.It is now a Grade II* listed building.
 Elliott Coues House was a home of 19th-century ornithologist Elliott Coues. It is at 1726 N Street NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.Coues led great expansions of the knowledge of North American bird life. He helped found the American Ornithologists' Union in 1883 and edited about 15 volumes of journals memoirs and diaries by famous Western explorers and fur traders. He lived in this house from 1887 until his death in 1899.
 Vinohrady Water Tower is a building in Vinohrady in Prague 10 which was originally built as a water tower. Today its architecture is acknowledged as culturally important although it is now converted to accommodate offices and apartments. The viewing platform at the top is 40 metres above the street level.
 The Park Avenue Apartment District is a historic district in Omaha Nebraska that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. It includes Prairie School architecture designed by John Latenser Sr..
 St. Anne's Church and Mission Site is a historic site on Indian Island off ME 43 in Old Town Maine.The church was built in 1668. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Northern Saving Fund and Safe Deposit Company also known as Provident National Bank is a historic bank building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1872-1873 and is a two-story light grey granite building. Additions were built in 1888 and 1903.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Orthopedic Specialty Hospital (TOSH) was founded in 1991 and is a 100000-square-foot (9300 m2) facility located in Murray Utah at the former Intermountain Healthcare Cottonwood Hospital location.
 Crooked Creek Bridge is a concrete arch bridge that carries U.S. Route 62 Spur over Crooked Creek in Pyatt Arkansas. Built in 1923 the bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 21 2010.
 Gates-Livermore Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a Federal style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1833. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon. Also on the property are an extensive collection of agricultural support structures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Henry House is a two-and-a-half-storey stone house located on Barrington Street in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. The house is designated a National Historic Site of Canada and is both a Provincially Registered Property and a Municipally Registered Property under the provincial Heritage Property Act.
 The Terminal Sales Building is a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. One of the few pieces of prominent Art Deco architecture in Portland it is the only high-rise example. The design of this building is consistently misattributed to A. E. Doyle. The building's design was the work of Wilfred Frank Higgins an architect in Doyle's office.
 St Michael's Hospital Hayle is a small hospital located in Hayle Cornwall United Kingdom run by Royal Cornwall Hospitals NHS Trust. The hospital carries out approximately 5000 operations each year.The range of operations carried out at the hospital has expanded over recent years and now includes procedures in orthopaedics including hip and knee replacements.
 First Union Protestant Church of Mountain View is a historic church at 7 Church Road in Bellmont New York.It was built in 1915 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Pennterra is a Georgian farmhouse near Thurmont Maryland. The house is notable for its locally-quarried stonework and its unusually fine proportions. The house was built at about the same time as nearby Strawberry Hill which was built in 1783.
 The Church of Our Lady of Salvation popularly referred to as Portuguese Church is one of the oldest churches in Mumbai (formerly Bombay) India. Located in Dadar it was originally built in 1596 by the Portuguese Franciscans who called it Nossa Senhora de Salvação. The present structure designed by famous Indian architect Charles Correa was constructed between 1974 and 1977.
 The Hotel Carver is a three story Victorian Building with full basement at 107 S. Fair Oaks Avenue in Pasadena California. It was built in the late 1880s as part of the Doty Block in the Old Town Pasadena district. According to sources at the Pasadena Museum of History it originally was a showroom for a stage coach or carriage company.
 Sacred Heart Church School and Rectory is a historic site at 2540-2544 Madison Avenue and 910 West 26th Street in Kansas City Missouri.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Bartow Regional Medical Center is a hospital in Bartow Florida. It is owned by health care provider Community Health Systems. Bartow Regional Medical Center's main building is a general use hospital that includes an emergency department an intensive care unit and various outpatient services. On the south side of Osprey Boulevard which is south of the main building are two medical office buildings.
 The Big Blue River Bridge is a National Register of Historic Places-listed bridge located in Fillmore County Nebraska near the village of Grafton. The bridge is one of two listed on the Register within Fillmore County the other being the Deering Bridge. The bridge is a single-span concrete spandrel arch facility. The site was first designed by state engineers in 1917 and was constructed in 1918.
 The NBA Store is a series of officially licensed retailers which sell merchandise for the National Basketball Association (NBA). The most prominent of these stores was located in the United States on Fifth Avenue and 52nd Street Manhattan New York. There are two other locations in Beijing China.The New York location sold many basketball related items and featured several attractions; it was often visited by transient players celebrities and political leaders.
 Hilton Singapore (Chinese：希尔顿大酒店) is a hotel located in Orchard Road Singapore. Opened in 1972 the hotel has 423 guestrooms. The hotel is linked to Four Seasons Hotel via a bridge.
 The Academy of Fine Arts in Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) is one of the oldest fine arts societies in India.
 Mrs. Osburn House is a historic home located at Durham in Greene County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a five by three bay timber frame dwelling. It features clapboard siding and a low pitched hipped roof. Also on the property is a heavy timber frame barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Airport Museum is located inside the Melbourne International Airport One Air Terminal Parkway Melbourne Florida. It houses displays of the history of the Naval Air Station Melbourne and the Melbourne International Airport. It also contains a Link Trainer and aviation artwork.
 Katanga TV Tower is a tower located at Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh India. With a height of 225 metres (738 ft) it is in 16th position of India. It was built in 1992.
 The Kara Mustafa Paşa Mosque or Paşa Mosque (Turkish: Paşa Cami) is an historic mosque which situated in county central of Merzifon. It is the largest mosque of the county which still using as mosque.
 Henry Saunders House is a historic home located near Windsor Isle of Wight County Virginia. The house was built about 1796 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay Georgian style frame dwelling. It has a gable roof with dormers and a one-story side wing. Also on the property are four additional contributing buildings and one contributing structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St Hilda's Church Bilsborrow is located in Bilsborrow Lane in the village of Bilsborrow Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Garstang the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary the Virgin Goosnargh St Lawrence Barton St Eadmer Bleasdale and St James Whitechapel to form the Fellside Team Ministry.
 The Dohány Street Synagogue (Hungarian: Dohány utcai zsinagóga/nagy zsinagóga Hebrew: בית הכנסת הגדול של בודפשט‎ bet hakneset hagadol šel budapešt) also known as The Great Synagogue or Tabakgasse Synagogue is located in Erzsébetváros the 7th district of Budapest. It is the largest synagogue in Europe and one of the largest in the world.
 Not to be confused with Camp Merrie Woode In Plainwell MICamp Merrie-Woode is a non-profit residential camp for girls ages 7–17 in the western hills of North Carolina with a history started in 1919. The camp resides beneath Old Bald [1] and alongside Fairfield Lake in Jackson County. In 2005 there were twenty-eight U.S. states and four foreign countries represented with 85% of campers returning the following summer.
 The Lake of the Woods Ranger Station is a United States Forest Service compound consisting of eight buildings overlooking Lake of the Woods in the Fremont-Winema National Forests of southern Oregon. All of the ranger station structures were built by the Civilian Conservation Corps between 1937 and 1939. Today the compound serves as a Forest Service work center and the old ranger station office is a visitor center. The ranger station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Keep Military Museum is the military museum of Devon and Dorset representing The Devonshire Regiment The Dorset Regiment The Devonshire and Dorset Regiment The Dorset Yeomanry The Queen's Own Dorset Yeomanry The Dorset Militia The Royal Devon Yeomanry and 94 Field Regiment RA. The museum is located to the west of Dorchester town centre. The Keep was originally the gatehouse for the Depot Barracks of the Dorsetshire Regiment as well as the County Armoury.
 The Umatac Outdoor Library located on Guam Highway 4 in Umatac Guam was built in 1933 by Francisco Quinata Sanchez and Umatac villagers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Tekkiye Mosque (Arabic: التكية السليمانية‎ Turkish: Tekkiye Camii) is a mosque complex in Damascus Syria located on the banks of the Barada River. The complex is composed of a large mosque on the southwest side of a courtyard flanked by a single line of arcaded cells and a soup kitchen across the courtyard to the northwest flanked by hospice buildings.
 Christ Church Cinderhill is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Radford Nottingham.
 The Laurel Museum is an 1840s mill workers' home that was restored by the City of Laurel Maryland and opened to the public on May 1 1996. Located on the northeast corner of 9th and Main Streets the museum features exhibits that highlight the history of Laurel and its citizens. A gift shop is available and museum admission is free.The 2590-square-foot (241 m2) brick and stone building was originally four living units later converted into a two-family house.
 Central Norristown Historic District is a national historic district located in Norristown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It encompasses approximately 1900 buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Norristown.
 Settlers Ridge is an open-air lifestyle center in Robinson Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania about halfway between Penn Center West and the Robinson Town Centre. The $100 million shopping complex opened for business on October 30 2009 with phase two of the development currently under construction as of Spring 2011. It is owned by O'Connor/Real Vest Retail Holding Co. LLC of New York with Boston-based Wilder Companies handling management and leasing at the shopping center.
 Churchill Towers is a complex of two towers in Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Churchill Residency is the taller of the two standing at 245 m (804 ft). It is a residential tower with 59 floors resembling the Chrysler Building with a compressed top. The shorter tower is Churchill Executive an office tower. It has 43 floors and stands at 172 m (564 ft). Construction began in 2006 and was completed in 2010. The Developer is Emirates National Investment.
 The First Parish Burial Ground is a historic cemetery near 122 Centennial Avenue in Gloucester Massachusetts. Established in 1644 the 2.5 acres (1.0 ha) site is Gloucester's oldest burying ground. It once stood at the heart of the Gloucester settlement and was for 80 years its only cemetery. The property is roughly hexagonal with a narrow strip of land to provide access from Centennial Ave.
 The Four Courts (Irish: Na Ceithre Cúirteanna) is Ireland's main courts building located on Inns Quay in Dublin. The Four Courts are the location of the Supreme Court the High Court and the Dublin Circuit Court. Until 2010 the building also housed the Central Criminal Court.
 Pete's Tavern located at 129 East 18th Street on the corner of Irving Place in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is a pub food restaurant and one of several drinking establishments which each claim to be the oldest continuously operated tavern in the city.The building which houses Pete's was built in 1829 and was originally the Portman Hotel; liquor may have been sold there as early as 1851 or 1852 – when it was a grocery & grog store – and the first official drinking establishment founded by 1864. 
 Iviswold also known as The Castle is a house originally constructed in 1869 located in what is now Rutherford New Jersey. It was placed on the List of Registered Historic Places in New Jersey on November 4 2004. The house is part of the Rutherford campus of Felician College and currently undergoing renovations.
 The Berwyn Route 66 Museum is a small not-for-profit facility located in Berwyn Illinois that documents the history of the former U.S. Route 66.
 American Conservatory Theater (A.C.T.) is a large non-profit theater company in San Francisco California that offers both classical and contemporary theater productions. A.C.T. was founded in 1965 in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in conjunction with the Pittsburgh Playhouse and Carnegie Mellon University by theatre and opera director William Ball.
 The Clarence Kleinkopf Round Barn is a round barn in McDonough County Illinois United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Kleinkopf Barn is one of the original round barns submitted to the Register as part of the Multiple Property Submission Round Barns in Illinois.
 Namsos Church (Norwegian: Namsos kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the center of the town of Namsos just north of the river Namsen. The church is part of the Namsos parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The large rectangular brick church was built in 1960 to replace the previous one which was bombed and burned during World War II. The church was designed by architect Ola B.
 The Church of Saint Paul and Saint Andrew is a historic United Methodist church located in the Upper West Side of New York City New York on West 86th Street. The Church is known for being socially moderate and for being accepting of people of all races ages and sexual orientations. The Church hosts a number of performing arts groups including the Empire City Men's Chorus The Prospect Theater Company and David Parker & The Bang Group.
 Old Curtisville Historic District is a historic district in Stockbridge Massachusetts.The area is now known as Interlaken due to its position between Stockbridge Bowl (originally Lake Mahkeenac) and Lake Averic (also known as Echo Lake) which is the town of Stockbridge's water supply. Massachusetts Route 183 transects the community north to south. It is historically significant as the site of the first wood-based newsprint paper mill in the United States.
 Settha Palace Hotel is a historical luxury boutique hotel located at 6 Pangkham Street Vientiane central Laos next to Laos National Stadium near the Khounboulom Boulevard. It is housed in a renovated French Indonese colonial building built in 1932 and attracts ambassadors and distinguished visitors from surrounding Southeast Asian countries. The hotel was reopened after substantial renovation in 1999.
 The Pine Valley Chapel and Tithing Office the chapel sometimes being referred to as the Pine Valley Ward Chapel are historic 19th-century buildings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints built in Pine Valley Utah in 1868. The Pine Valley Chapel is known for being the oldest meetinghouse in continuous use of the LDS Church. Both the chapel and adjacent tithing office were listed together on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Mountain View Unit is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison housing female offenders in Gatesville Texas. The unit with about 97 acres (39 ha) of land is located 4 miles (6.4 km) north of central Gatesville on Farm to Market Road 215. The prison is located in a 45 minute driving distance from Waco.
 St. George's Church is a historic Episcopal church on VA 178 northeast of the junction with VA 180 in Pungoteague Accomack County Virginia. The original structure is thought to have been built in 1738 in the form of a Latin cross. It was abandoned during the War of 1812 restored to use seven years later and used until the American Civil War.
 The Rabbi Dr. I. Goldstein Synagogue is a synagogue on the Edmond J. Safra Givat Ram campus of the Hebrew University in Israel named in honor of Rabbi Israel Goldstein an American-born Israeli rabbi author and Zionist leader.
 First Allied Plaza (formerly Advanced Equities Plaza and Broadway 655) is the 13th-tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. Tied with the Pinnacle Marina Tower it has a height of 412 feet (126 m). It is located at 655 West Broadway in the Marina district of Downtown San Diego. First Allied Plaza is a 23-story building that uses the postmodern architectural style and was designed by Carrier Johnson Architects.
 The Priory and Parish Church of St. Mary is located in Chepstow Monmouthshire south east Wales. Parts of the building including its ornate west doorway date from the late 11th century and are contemporary with the nearby Norman castle. The church is a Grade I listed building as of 6 December 1950.
 Parkway Village is a garden apartment complex with 675 residential units located on 35 acres in the Kew Gardens Hills neighborhood of the borough of Queens in New York City. It was completed in 1947 to house United Nations employees and delegates many of whom had faced racial discrimination when they sought housing in other areas.
 The Antico Caffè Greco (sometimes simply referred to as Caffè Greco) is an historic landmark café which opened in 1760 on 86 Via dei Condotti in Rome Italy.
 The Miami Center is a skyscraper in downtown Miami Florida. Although Miami Center is not the city's tallest building it is a symbol of early downtown. Built in 1983 it is older compared with most of the taller buildings in Miami which have been built in the last decade. In addition the Miami Center is immediately adjacent to Bayfront Park and is unobstructed when looking at the skyline from Miami Beach to the east. The building is 484 ft (148 m) tall and has 34 floors.
 Starke County was organized on April 1 1850. County business was conducted in the log home of Jacob Tillman the county treasurer. In 1851 a new courthouse was built for $475. The frame structure was on the southeast corner of Mound and Pearl Streets. A second courthouse was completed in 1863. It had colonial columns and a bell tower. It was the first located on the public square. The final cost was $20000. Construction of the present courthouse started in 1897.
 Airlie Parish Kirk is a church in Airlie Angus. It was completed in 1783 and dedicated to St. Meddan. The interior was renovated in 1893. The church contains pre-Reformation relics.
 Fuerza de San Pedro is a military defence structure built by Spanish and indigenous Cebuano labourers under the command of Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi and the Spanish Government in Cebu. It is located in the area now called Plaza Indepedencia in the Pier Area of Cebu City Philippines.The smallest oldest triangular bastion fort in the country was built in 1738 to repel Muslim raiders.
 The Hawaii Capital Historic District in Honolulu Hawaii has been the center of government ever since the earliest days of the unified Hawaiian Kingdom.
 Holy Trinity Church Holdgate is located in the village of Holdgate Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ludlow the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of St Peter Diddlebury Broadstone Church St Michael Munslow and St Catherine Tugford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It stands in the former southwest bailey of Holdgate Castle.
 The Lewis S. Hills House at 425 East 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah is a Classical Revival style house that was built c. 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The house is significant for its association with Lewis S. Hills a financier who among other activities served as bank president of Deseret National Bank.
 Strickler Family Farmhouse also known as the County Farm is a historic home located at Springettsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It consists of three sections: a 1 1/2-story 2 bay by 1 bay Germanic influenced limestone main house; a 2 1/2-story brick Georgian-style wing built about 1835; and a 2-story brick ell built about 1865.
 The Jane E. Putnam Memorial Chapel is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 2000.
 The Milwaukee City Hall is in Milwaukee Wisconsin U.S. It was finished in 1895 at which time it was the tallest habitable building in the United States. The city hall's bell tower at 353 feet (108 m) also made it the second tallest structure in the nation behind the Washington Monument. The Hall was Milwaukee's tallest building until completion of the First Wisconsin Center in 1973.
 Bethel Academy was the first Methodist school established in the United States west of the Appalachian Mountains. Established by Francis Asbury in 1790 the school operated in present-day Jessamine County Kentucky until 1805.
 The Globe Building was an 8 floor building in Minneapolis. It was demolished in the 1950s.It was the first recorded tallest building in Minnesota
 Osborne House is a former royal residence in East Cowes Isle of Wight UK. The house was built between 1845 and 1851 for Queen Victoria and Prince Albert as a summer home and rural retreat.Prince Albert designed the house himself in the style of an Italian Renaissance palazzo. The builder was Thomas Cubitt the London architect and builder whose company built the main façade of Buckingham Palace for the royal couple in 1847.
 The Templo Conventual de Santo Domingo de Guzmán is a Roman Catholic church within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Puebla de los Angeles with the archangel Michael as its patron saint. Inside is the Capilla del Rosario an example of New Spanish Baroque considered in its time to be the eighth wonder of the world.
 The Macau Economic and Cultural Office (Chinese: 澳門經濟文化辦事處; pinyin: Àomén Jīngjì Wénhuà Bànshìchù) is the representative office of Macau in the Republic of China. Its counterpart body in Macau is the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Macau.The office is located at Taipei 101 in Xinyi District Taipei.
 Julius Blackburn House also known as Warwick is an historic estate located in the western area of Scott County Kentucky. The oldest section of the structure is a log cabin dating prior to 1799 with a newer stone section built by Thomas Metcalfe for Julius Blackburn in 1799. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 14 1977.
 The U.S. Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville Alabama is a museum operated by the government of Alabama showcasing rockets achievements and artifacts of the U.S. space program.
 Old Fort Church is an historic African-American Methodist church located on Old Baltimore Pike in Christiana New Castle County Delaware. The church was originally built on Schoolbell Road (in Christiana Hundred) near Christiana in 1850. In 1897 it was dismantled and reconstructed on its present site. It is a one story three bay by three bay gable-roofed brick structure. It features modified lancet-type windows that illuminate the main block.
 The Ryan House is a historic home in Sumner Washington USA. Originally a one-room cabin built by Fred Seaman George Ryan who became Sumner's first mayor in 1891 bought the property in 1872. Ryan added onto the house in 1875 and 1885. Ryan's family donated the property to be used as the Sumner Public Library in 1926. The building housed the Sumner Public Library from 1926 to 1979 and now houses the Sumner Historical Society.
 The London Hilton on Park Lane is a hotel situated on Park Lane overlooking Hyde Park in the exclusive Mayfair district of London. It is 101 metres (331 ft) tall has 28 storeys and 453 rooms including 56 suites. It was completed in 1963 and was designed by William B. Tabler Architects. It is a concrete framed building and it is regarded by some as an insensitive intrusion on the park.
 The Chavner Family House in Gold Hill Oregon is a building from 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Kentington Resort (Chinese: 小墾丁渡假村; pinyin: Xiǎo Kěndīng Dùjiàcūn) is a tourist attraction resort in Manzhou Township Pingtung County Taiwan.
 Southern Railway Passenger Station is railway passenger depot built ca. 1885 in Westminster South Carolina. It is one of the oldest buildings in the community.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Savoy is a historic luxury hotel located in the hill station Mussoorie in Uttarakhand state of India owned by Hotel Controls Pvt Ltd ITC Welcomgroup Hotels. Established in 1902 built in English Gothic architecture style mostly in wood the hotel is spread over 11 acres (45000 m2) with 50 rooms at present and overlooks the Doon Valley.
 Shadow Mountain Trail is a trail 4.8 miles long on east side of Shadow Mountain Lake near Grand Lake Colorado. It is also known as or is associated with Echo Mountain Trail Lookout Mountain Trail and Pine Ridge Trail. The trail was rebuilt in 1930 by the National Park Service; trail design reflects NPS Naturalistic Design of the 1920s to 1940s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included 8 acres (3.2 ha) with one contributing structure.
 The Louisiana History Museum is located in the historic downtown portion of Alexandria Louisiana USA near the Red River. It showcases the social evolution of all of Louisiana but centers on the history of Central Louisiana Rapides Parish and Alexandria. Major exhibit areas deal with Native Americans Louisiana geography politics health care farming and the impact of war.
 Anthony Manny House is a historic home located at Hankins in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1890 is a two story frame Queen Anne style dwelling. It features irregular massing a hipped roof core and intersecting gable projections and wings a two story polygonal bay and a bluestone foundation and basement floor. Also on the property are a garage and potting shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The South Amherst Common Historic District is a historic district at 445 Shays Street South Amherst Common 979—1081 S. East Street and 324 Pomeroy Lane in Amherst Massachusetts.The district features Georgian Federal and mid-19th Century Revival architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Memorial Union known locally as simply the Union is located on the shore of Lake Mendota on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison Wisconsin. On the lakeshore to the north of the building is the Terrace a popular outdoor space overlooking Lake Mendota. It has gained a reputation as one of the most beautiful student centers on a university campus.
 Budynok Uryadu (Ukrainian: Будинок Уряду) literally the Government Building is located in center of Kiev at Hrushevsky Street in the vicinity of Verkhovna Rada building. It serves as the administrative building for the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. From 1941 to 1954 the building was the tallest in Kiev.
 The Dr. Frank B. Kistner House also known as the Kistner–Kalberer House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Decatur County Courthouse located in Leon Iowa United States was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the sixth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Klæbu Church (Norwegian: Klæbu kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Klæbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Klæbu. The octagonal church building was built in 1790 by architect Lars Larsen Forsæth.The church is a part of the Klæbu parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Goodnow Library is an historic public library building located at 21 Concord Road in Sudbury Massachusetts. It is named for Sudbury-native John Goodnow II who died in 1851 and left to the town of Sudbury a 3-acre (1.2 ha) site for a library $2500 to build it and $20000 to buy books and to maintain it. Construction of the two-story octagon-shaped building began in 1862 and was finished in 1863.
 Chace Mills is a historic textile mill site on Lewiston and Salem Streets in Fall River Massachusetts. In 1872 the mill was organized and built for the manufacture of cotton cloth with a capacity of 43480 spindles. It was constructed of native Fall River Granite in the Italianate style. Augustus Chace served as the company's first president. The 6-1/2 story granite mill is the tallest in the city. In 1895 a two-story granite addition measuring 310 feet by 120 feet was built for weaving.
 The Downtown Waterbury Historic District is the core of the city of Waterbury Connecticut United States. It is a roughly rectangular area centered on West Main Street and Waterbury Green the remnant of the original town commons which has been called one of the most attractive downtown parks in New England.The Green was the city's first center with the buildings around it representing all types of uses from residences to churches to public buildings.
 All Saints' Church Newchurch is a parish church in the Church of England located in Newchurch Isle of Wight England. The church is medieval dating from the 13th century. In 1883 restoration of the church was carried out by A.R. Barker at the instigation of the vicar Rev. Alfred Dicker.The simple layout of the church consists of a nave a chancel northern and southern aisles and a tower.
 The Stone Pony located in Asbury Park New Jersey is one of the world's best known music venues. It is known as a starting point for many musicians including New Jersey natives Bruce Springsteen Patti Scialfa Jon Bon Jovi and Southside Johnny and the Asbury Jukes. According to the vice president of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Robert Santelli the club has already earned its place in history as one of rock 'n' roll's great venues.
 The Charles A. Miller House is a historic residence in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1890 according to a design by Samuel Hannaford it is a two-and-a-half story building constructed in the Gothic Revival style. A brick and limestone structure with a slate roof its facade is dominated by courses of ashlar plus battlements at the top and a prominent portico at the entrance.
 The Waits Mansion is an historic two-story Mediterranean Revival style house located at 209 West Kansas Avenue at the northeast corner of Tracy Street in Bonifay Holmes County Florida. It was built by lumber company owner George Orkney Waits in the 1920s for his own use. It features recessed porches on each of the front floors with fluted Doric columns on the first floor porch. White wrought iron fencing is used on both porches as well as along the two bordering streets.
 Salem Evangelical Church (also known as St. Michaels Ukrainian Catholic Church) is located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 for its architectural significance.
 Lehigh Valley Railroad Depot is a historic railroad depot building located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built in 1894 as a depot for the Elmira Cortland and Northern Railroad later the Lehigh Valley Railroad. It is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed largely clapboarded structure. It is a distinctive example of the Stick-Eastlake–style architecture. It was abandoned by the railroad in 1965.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Mayor Edwin O. Childs House is a historic house at 340 California Street in Newton Massachusetts. The stucco-clad two story house was built in 1915 to a design by Brainerd and Leeds for Edwin O. Childs who was then serving as Newton's mayor. The house is a well-preserved example of the Craftsman style.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Second Church of Christ Scientist is a historic Christian Science church building located at 946 West Adams Boulevard in the West Adams district of Los Angeles California. Designed by noted Los Angeles architect Alfred H. Rosenheim in the Classical Revival style of architecture it was built in 1910. On July 17 1968 the City of Los Angeles designated the building a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument.
 St. George’s Cathedral is a Church of South India (previously Anglican) cathedral in Chennai India. The cathedral was built in 1815. St. George’s occupies an important place in the history of Christianity in India as the Church of South India was inaugurated here on September 27 1947. The Cathedral was packed and the big pandal outside held over 2000 people. It marked the breaking down of ecclesiastical barriers between Protestants of various traditions.The architecture of St.
 The Al-Kādhimiya Mosque is a shrine located in the Kādhimayn suburb of Baghdad Iraq.It contains the tombs of the seventh Twelver Shī‘ah Imām Mūsā al-Kādhim and the ninth Twelver Shī‘ah Imām Muhammad at-Taqī.Also buried within this mosque are the famous historical scholars Shaykh Mufīd and Shaykh Nasīr ad-Dīn Tūsi.Directly adjacent to the mosque are two smaller shrines belonging to the brothers who one of them Seyyed Razi compiled Nahjul Balagha - and another brother Seyyed Murtadhā also popular as Alam al Huda was one of the greatest scholars of his time.
 The Burke–Clark House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Woodlawn National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery within Woodlawn Cemetery which is in the city of Elmira in Chemung County New York. It encompasses 10.5 acres (4.2 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 8693 interred remains.
 The Westerman Lumber Office and House is a historic building in Montgomery Minnesota United States. The private commercial structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on March 15 1982. The structure is considered an outstanding example of the brick buildings built in the area of Montgomery and New Prague during the late 19th century using bricks manufactured in the Minnesota River Valley.
 The Schick's Express and Transfer Co. was located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building became part of the Petersen Harned von Maur department store complex. It and the J.H.C. Petersen's Sons Wholesale Building were torn down in the early 21st century to make way for a parking structure and the Davenport Skybridge.
 The Church of St. Mary New Haven Connecticut United States is the parish church of the second oldest Roman Catholic parish in Connecticut. The parish was established in 1832. The Knights of Columbus was founded here in 1882 by Father Michael J. McGivney who was then the church's assistant pastor. The church is currently run by friars of the Dominican Order.
 St Paul's Old Ford is a 19th-century church in Bow London England. It is an Anglican church in the Diocese of London.
 Waitomo Caves Hotel (originally called Waitomo House and later Government Hostel at Waitomo) is a hotel located in Waitomo District King Country above Waitomo Caves in New Zealand.
 Wesley Church is at 75 William Street at its intersection with Hay Street in Perth Western Australia. It is one of the oldest church buildings and one of few remaining 19th-century colonial buildings in the City of Perth.
 Manhattan West is a 5400000-square-foot (500000 m2) mixed-use development by Brookfield Properties which is in the planning stages. The project consists of two large office towers and two smaller residential towers. The towers will be built on a platform over the West Side Yard along Ninth Avenue. The buildings will be built close to the developing Hudson region between 31st and 33rd streets. These two buildings have been proposed as of 2010 and their approval is still pending.
 Salnecke Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The Draper Ruggles House is a historic Greek Revival house at 21 Catherine Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1848 and was possibly designed by Elias Carter because it has stylistic touches associated with his work. It is a rare local example of hip-roofed Greek Revival house with a temple front; the Dowley-Taylor House is the only other city property that also has these characteristics.
 St. James Church and Rectory is a historic Episcopal church on NY 17B on the north side east of the junction with NY 97 within the Town of Delaware in Callicoon Sullivan County New York. The church was built in 1928 and the rectory about 1912. The church is a gabled building with a stuccoed exterior in the Mission style. It features a bell tower centered at the peak of the front-facing gable.
 The Pearce-McAllister Cottage is a historic house museum in the City Park West neighborhood of northeast Denver Colorado USA. It is administered by History Colorado (the Colorado Historical Society).The cottage was built in 1899 in the Dutch Colonial Revival style. The Denver-based architect Frederick Sterner built the house for Harold V. Pearce and his wife Cara Rowena Bell Pearce.
 The Jaro Evangelical Church is the first and oldest Baptist congregation in the Philippines. The church was established in 1901 by the Northern American Baptists.
 The Wasatch Stake Tabernacle in Heber City Wasatch County Utah USA was completed in 1889 and served as a Latter Day Saints meetinghouse reserved for especially large congregations until 1965.
 The Andrew J. Landrum House in Santa Clara California was built by Andrew J. Landrum a prominent Santa Clara pioneer. Constructed in 1875 the house is an example of eclecticism in architectural styles. Landrum combined the then-popular Italianate and Carpenter Gothic styles he found in pattern books as seen in the corner quoins the Italianate porch with scroll brackets gables with cross-bracing and the cruciform interior plan.
 Lilavati Hospital and Research Centre is a private hospital located at Bandra in Mumbai India established by the Lilavati Kirtilal Mehta Medical Trust in 1978. At present under the team of favorable trustee of Prabodh Kirtilal Mehta Chetan Prabodh Mehta Rashmi Kirtilal Mehta Rekha Haresh Sheth Sushila Vijay Mehta Charu Kishor Mehta Niket Vijay Mehta Bhavin Rashmi Mehta Nanik Rupani S.
 Den Hoppenhof is a former restaurant in Geldrop in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars for the period 1983-1985.The restaurant is closed before 1993.The villa in which Den Hoppenhof was located is demolished in 2010 and replaced by a so-called parcvilla. This new villa contains 6 luxuerious apartments.Head chef in the time of the Michelin stars was Jacques Zeguers.
 The Juravinski Hospital is a hospital in Hamilton Ontario Canada operated by Hamilton Health Sciences. It is located adjacent to the Juravinski Cancer Centre.Juravinski Hospital and Cancer Centre is a full-service general hospital offering excellence in cancer care and orthopedics. The combination of inpatient and outpatient programs supports one of the busiest and largest comprehensive cancer centres in Canada including community-based oncology clinics in Brantford and Burlington.
 St Andrew's College Drygrange located near Melrose Scotland was a Roman Catholic seminary founded in 1953 and closed in 1986.
 The Kosova National Art Gallery - KNAG (Kosovar: Galeria Kombëtare e Arteve e Kosovës) is an art gallery situated at The University of Prishtina Campus (6) right behind the National Library of Kosova in Prishtina Kosova founded on February 1979. It was named after one of the most prominent Kosovan artists of all time Muslim Mulliqi.It is the highest institution of visual arts in the country of Kosova. It is the space of various exhibitions of local and international artists.
 Young America City Hall is a historic building in Norwood Young America Minnesota United States. It is currently a private residence. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 4 1980.
 All Saints' Church Harewood is a 15th-century redundant church standing in the park of Harewood House the seat of the Earls of Harewood near the village of Harewood West Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in isolation within Harewood Park as the surrounding village was relocated by the owner of Harewood House in about 1760 to a location further from the house.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de L'Assomption) often called Port-au-Prince Cathedral (French: Cathédrale de Port-au-Prince) was a cathedral in Port-au-Prince Haiti. Built between 1884 and 1914 it was dedicated on December 13 1928 (1928-12-13) and became the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
 Lookout Mountain Park is a Denver Mountain Park located around 12 miles (20 km) west of downtown Denver overlooking Golden Colorado. It consists of 65.7 acres (266000 m2) of evergreen wilderness atop Lookout Mountain named for its being a favored lookout point of the native Ute Indian tribe. Lookout Mountain Park is the burial site of the internationally famous western frontiersman William Frederick Buffalo Bill Cody and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Ballou-Weatherhead House (or Welcome Weatherhead House) is an historic house on Tower Hill Road in Cumberland Rhode Island.The house is one-and-one-half story center-chimney dwelling built around 1748 and expanded during the Federal period around 1799 at which point the style was changed to Federal architecture. The house has a broad gable roof a simple entry in the asymmetrical side-gable façade a central entry at the gable end and a side wing.
 Leavenworth Ranger Station in Wenatchee National Forest near Leavenworth Washington was built in 1937 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. It was designed by the United States Forest Service's Region 6 USDA Forest Svce. Architecture Group in Rustic architecture. The listing included nine contributing buildings on a 9.9-acre (4.0 ha) area.
 Fleur-de-Lys Studios also known as Fleur-de-Lis Studios or Sydney Burleigh Studio is a site in Rhode Island built in 1885.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992.
 The building of the European Court of Human Rights is located in the European Quarter of Strasbourg France. It was designed by the Richard Rogers Partnership and Claude Buche and was completed in 1994.
 The Pierce County Courthouse in Rugby North Dakota was built in 1908. It was designed by St. Paul Minnesota architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts or Modified Renaissance style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as part of a multiple property submission for Buechner and Orth Courthouses in North Dakota.The front facade of the building is constructed of brown Hebron pressed brick with Beford stone trim and features paired stone columns.
 Vachel Lindsay House was the birthplace and home of poet Vachel Lindsay. The Greek Revival house was constructed in 1879 and is located in Springfield Illinois. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The Illinois Historic Preservation Agency operates the house as a historic house museum and offers tours of the home that emphasize Vachel Lindsay's poetry and art. The first floor contains an entry hall two parlors library dining room kitchen bathroom and pantry.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 1514 15th StreetN.W. in Washington D.C.. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and further was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Cloyd's Creek Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Friendsville Tennessee.Its Greek Revival building was completed in 1872 replacing an older log building. It is a gable-front frame building and has a full-width portico with Doric columns on its main facade. It is the only 19th-century Greek Revival church in Blount County and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The John A. Belt Building is a historic commercial building located at Gaithersburg Montgomery County Maryland. It was constructed in 1903 and consists of a two-story rectangular brick building. In the center of the east elevation parapet is raised half-lunette inscribed 1903 and underneath J.A. Belt. John A. Belt was a well known and substantial entrepreneur in Montgomery County in the late 19th and early 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Fort Peck Theatre was built as a temporary structure in 1934 in Fort Peck Montana. The theater was designed in a pseudo-Swiss-chalet style as an amenity for the 50000 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers workers and their families at the Fort Peck Dam project. The interior features open-truss wood construction with handcrafted light fixtures fabricated in Corps of Engineers workshops. The theater survived to become a permanent facility and is presently used as a community theater.
 Farmington Historic District is the town center of Farmington Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The area roughly corresponds to the section of Grand River Avenue and Shiawassee Avenue from Warner Street to junction of Grand River and Shiawassee.The district includes some significant buildings in Farmington:Governor Fred M. Warner HouseThe Masonic Lodge (formerly City Hall)Farmington Civic Theatre↑
 The Nils Ahlstrom House is a nineteenth century vernacular house located in Ashland Oregon. Built by Nils Ahlstrom a railroad worker who had emigrated from Sweden the home is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as of 15 February 1980.
 The Centro Español de Ponce is a historic structure located in Ponce Puerto Rico dating to the early twentieth century and which served as the last headquarters of the Centro Español de Ponce a Spanish heritage club.
 The Temple of Kwan Tai (Chinese: 武帝廟; pinyin: Wǔ dìmiào also known as the Mendocino Joss House or Mo Dai Miu) is a Chinese Taoist temple in Mendocino California dedicated to Kwan Tai and built according to some sources in 1854.
 The Marganit Tower is a skyscraper located in HaKirya Tel Aviv Israel. Completed in 1987 the building is 138 meters in height although most of this is due to its finger a concrete mast with antennas and other transmission equipment. As such it only has 17 floors. Now Israel's twelfth tallest building upon completion it was the country's second tallest building.
 The church of San Giuseppe is located on Via San Giuseppe near Piazza Santa Croce in central Florence Italy and is one of two churches and an oratory in the city dedicated to St Joseph.The church was built on a site that once held the oratory of the Confraternity of St Joseph and the present church designed by Baccio d'Agnolo. In 1583 the complex was deded to the Minims of St Francis of Paola. A new facade was completed in 1759.
 Reckart Mill also known as Albright Mill is a historic grist mill located near Cranesville Preston County West Virginia. It was built in 1865 and is a frame 2 1/2-story gable-roofed building that is built in part over Muddy Creek. It is notable for its interior structural beam support system of hand hewn pine timbers and mill machinery. Operations at Reckart Mill ceased in 1943.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Metz Covered Market (French: Marché Couvert de Metz) is a historic market with permanent stalls and shops in a large covered structure in the historical centre of Metz capital of the Lorraine region in France. The Covered Market is one of the oldest most grandiose in France and is home to traditional local food producers and retailers.
 Allan Teator Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at West Durham in Greene County New York. It was constructed in 1892 and is a single span dry laid limestone bridge with a round arch. It is seven feet wide. It spans a tributary of Catskill Creek.It was a work of Durham highway commissioner Jeremiah Cunningham.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel is a five star hotel located in the Colaba region of Mumbai Maharashtra India next to the Gateway of India. Part of the Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces this building is considered the flagship property of the group and contains 560 rooms and 44 suites.
 Schoharie Valley Railroad Complex is a national historic district located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. The district includes five contributing buildings and four contributing structures. The complex of buildings were built about 1875 by the Schoharie Valley Railroad. They include the passenger station freight / locomotive house office old mill building storage facility and four coal silos.
 Capt. Thomas Moore House is a historic home located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located in between the Nathaniel Irish House to the south and Widow Maloby's Tavern to the north. It was built in 1767 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay brick rowhouse. This house is believed to have been built by Nathaniel Irish.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located in the South Front Street Historic District.
 Restaurant Wilgenplas was a restaurant located in Maarssen in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1972-1973 and 1988-2005.During the second star-period head chef was Hennie van der VeerRestaurant De Wilgenplas closed down in 2000 due to bankruptcy.At present restaurant De Heeren van Maarssen is located here.
 The Mall at Greece Ridge is located in Greece a suburb of Rochester New York and managed by Wilmorite Management Group LLC.
 The Robinson-Hiller House in Chapin South Carolina was built in 1902. It is significant as a Queen Anne house and for being associated with Charles Plumber Robinson (1867-1944) a businessman who founded C.P. Robinson Lumber Company and other enterprises and his wife Sarah Eddie Smithson Robinson a social activist and officer of the Woman’s Christian Temperance Union. In 1919 after the Robinsons left Chapin the house was acquired by James Haltiwanger Hiller.It was listed on the U.S.
 Wiregrass Commons Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Dothan Alabama. It has 638554 square feet (59000 m2) of shopping with over fifty retail stores and a food court. It is Southeast Alabama's only shopping mall. The mall's anchor tenants are Belk Burlington Coat Factory (opened 2009) Dillard's and JCPenney.
 The Protestant church of Drogeham or Saint Nicholas church is a church in Drogeham Netherlands. The current church was built in 1876 on the site of an older church build in the 13th century. The church is built against the 13th century tower of the old church and on top of the tower it is a gable roof. The old church was a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Nicholas but became a Protestant church after the Protestant Reformation.The church located on Tsjerkebuorren 4.
 The American Railway Express Company Garage is a historic parking garage located at 3002-3028 Cecil B. Moore Ave. in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of north Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by the firm Harris & Richards and constructed by the Robert E.
 Clear Spring Mill is a historic mill complex located at Franklin Township York County Pennsylvania. The complex includes the grist mill sawmill and corn crib. The grist mill was built in 1886 and is a 2 1/2-story heavy timber frame building on a banked sandstone foundation. It has a gambrel roof and three interior levels. The sawmill was built about 1809 and is a one-story timber frame building on a foundation of banked stone stone piers and wood posts.
 Camp Uncas begun in 1890 was the second Adirondack Great Camp built by William West Durant for his own use after Camp Pine Knot which he sold to industrialist Collis P. Huntington due to financial difficulties. It was built on the shore of 110-acre (45 ha) Lake Mohegan near Sagamore Camp. Uncas was completed in two years.The camp was built of logs felled on the property and all iron hardware was forged on site.
 The Southern Conference Hall of Fame located in Spartanburg South Carolina USA is a hall of fame devoted to former Southern Conference student-athletes coaches and administrators. The Hall of Fame with an inaugural class of 10 was established in 2009. The second class for 2010 included seven former conference greats.
 Christ Church in Gipsy Hill is an Anglican Church in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is a Grade II Listed Building and occupies a prominent position the tower being a notable landmark in the area.
 The DPR/MPR Building is the seat of government for the Indonesian legislative which comprises the People's Consultative Assembly (Indonesian: Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat MPR) the People's Representative Council (Indonesian: Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat DPR) and the Regional Representatives Council (Indonesian: Dewan Perwakilan Daerah DPD).
 Not to be mistaken with the Salt Lake City Council Hall a building of similar purpose and design.The Council House often called the State House was the first public building in Utah; being constructed in 1849–50. The building stood in Salt Lake City Utah Territory on the corner of Main Street and South Temple Street. On June 21 1883 the building was destroyed when a neighboring wagon depot caught fire and several barrels of gunpowder exploded spreading the fire to the Council House.
 Searights Tollhouse National Road is a site near Uniontown Pennsylvania on the National Road.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.It is located on United States Route 40 west of Uniontown.
 Captain David Judson House was built by David Judson a resident of Stratford Connecticut in 1723. The new house was built on the stone foundation and incorporates the chimney of the original house built on the site in 1639 by Judson's great grandfather William. William left the house to his son Joseph Judson in November 1660 when he removed to New Haven.
 The Grafton Post Office in Grafton Vermont was built in 1855 in Greek Revival style. It served historically as a post office and as a business and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The New York State Armory was built in 1880 on Broadway in Newburgh New York USA. Designed by John A. Wood it housed a local unit of the New York National Guard. In the 1930s the Guard moved to a newer armory on South William Street and the old building fell vacant and became property of the city.
 The Point is an entertainment complex in Central Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire England. When it opened in 1985 it included the UK's first multiplex cinema.
 Nuuk Cathedral (Greenlandic: Annaassisitta Oqaluffia) or Church of Our Saviour is a wooden Lutheran cathedral in the Old Nuuk neighborhood of Nuuk the capital of Greenland. It was established in 1849. The red building with its spire is a prominent site on the landscape. During National Day celebrations large crowds usually gather around the church.
 Bjordal Church (Norwegian: Bjordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjordal. The church is part of the Bjordal og Ortnevik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The white wooden church which has 167 seats was consecrated on 1 November 1906. The architect was Victor Nordan the son of the famous Norwegian church architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
 Congregation Emanu-El is a synagogue in Victoria British Columbia on Vancouver Island. It is the oldest surviving synagogue in Canada. It can also boast of being the oldest synagogue building on the west coast of North America. Founded by 1859 when the cemetery is known to have been dedicated in 1863 the congregation built the synagogue that is still in use. It is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
 St Paul’s is a Church of England church in the Georgian St Paul's Square in the Jewellery Quarter Birmingham England.The Grade I listed church was designed by Roger Eykyn of Wolverhampton. Building started in 1777 and the church was consecrated in 1779. It was built on land given by Charles Colmore from his Newhall estate.
 The former Christian Science Society also known as the John B. McCreary House and most recently as The Abbey is an historic Victorian building located at 34 Gurney Street corner of Columbia Street in Cape May New Jersey. Designed by Philadelphia architect Stephen Decatur Button it was built for $20000 between 1869-1870 for State Senator John B.
 Agustín Ross Cultural Centre (Spanish Centro Cultural Agustín Ross) previously known as Casino Ross (Ross Casino) is the cultural center of the city of Pichilemu in Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region Chile. It was constructed between 1906 and 1909 at the request of politician Agustín Ross Edwards.
 Pusey-Crozier Mill Historic District also known as Pusey Plantation and Landingford is a historic mill complex and national historic district located at Upland Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes nine contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing structure at the site of the first grist mill and sawmill erected by the English Quakers in 1682.
 The Bristol Industrial Museum was a museum in Bristol England located on Prince's Wharf beside the Floating Harbour and which closed in 2006. On display were items from Bristol's industrial past – including aviation car and bus manufacture and printing – and exhibits documenting Bristol's maritime history.
 The Dixie Coca-Cola Bottling Company Plant also known as Baptist Student Center Georgia State University or Baptist Student Union Georgia State University is a historic building in Atlanta Georgia.
 Bald Mountain Hot Springs in Ketchum Idaho was a historic resort. Located at Main and 1st St. in Ketchum the complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 2003 plans had been approved for a new 80-room hotel complex on the site.The original complex was built as the Bald Mountain Hot Springs Motel in 1929 by Carl E. Brandt manager of the J.C.
 Standon Preceptory was a Knights Hospitaller foundation in Hertfordshire England.
 Lansdale Silk Hosiery Compy-Interstate Hosiery Mills Inc. is a historic silk mill complex located at Lansdale Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in four interconnected phases between 1922 and 1961 with the original 1922 building (with additions) as well as the 1932 building included in the listing. The original building was built in 1922 with additions constructed in 1926 1928 and 1929. The building is two stories tall and sits on a brownstone foundation.
 The R. W. Norton Art Gallery in Shreveport Louisiana USA houses collections of American and European paintings sculptures and decorative arts spanning more than four centuries. Since its opening in 1966 the museum has become particularly well-known around the country for its impressive collections of works by artists of the American West Frederic Remington and Charles M. Russell.
 Risley Hall is a country house now a hotel and spa set in 17 acres (69000 m2) of private landscaped grounds in the Derbyshire countryside near the village of Risley and close to Junction 25 of the M1. It comprises 35 bedrooms and several function rooms. The building's main function is as a hotel and spa but it also caters for weddings which take place in the 16th-century Great Hall with open-beamed ceilings and mullion windows.
 Ritz-Carlton Kuala Lumpur is a luxury hotel in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. It opened on December 1 1997 and contains 248 guest rooms.
 The Broel Museum (Broelmuseum) is an art museum located on the Buda Island in Courtray Belgium. The building is a converted 18th-century neoclassical mansion located at 6 Broelkaai.
 St. Edmund's Church Holme Pierrepont is a parish church in the Church of England in Holme Pierrepont Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Leonard Ames Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It is a large Federal-style residence. The first section is a small 1 1⁄2-story structure built about 1815. It was enlarged by the addition of a large 2-story stone residence and with a 1 1⁄2-story wing built in 1835.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The McDonald's Sign also known as McDonald's Store #433 Sign in Pine Bluff Arkansas United States is the only known surviving example of a single-arch McDonald's sign in Arkansas. The sign was erected in 1962 and remained at its original location until 2007. In 2007 McDonald's Store #433 moved and the sign was renovated and moved to the new location. The McDonald's sign was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Kallina House (Croatian: Kuća Kallina) is a historic residential building in Zagreb Croatia. The house is located in the city centre on the corner of Masarykova and Gundulićeva streets and is regarded as one of the finest examples of Secessionist-style street architecture in Zagreb.The house was built between 1903 and 1904 for the wealthy industrialist Josip Kallina and was designed by the Croatian architect Vjekoslav Bastl for the Hönigsberg & Deutsch architecture bureau.
 The Strand Theater is a vaudeville theater in Lakewood Township Ocean County New Jersey United States that has been included on the List of Registered Historic Places in New Jersey.The theater was designed by Thomas Lamb and built for the Ferber Amusement Company in 1922 as a place for pre-broadway runs of shows. [1] The first event at the theater was a showing of a silent film Peacock Alley starring Mae Murray.
 Thomas C. Miller Public School is a historic school building located in Fairmont Marion County West Virginia.It was built in 1914 with an annex added in 1928. The original building is Colonial Revival in style with Jacobethan style detailing in theentrance surrounds. The architect was Frank L. Packard.The 1928 annex is a three-story brick building with concrete foundation laid in the Flemish garden wall (Sussex) bond. William B.
 The People's Palace is a heritage-listed building and a former temperance hotel in Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is located at 308 Edward Street on the southern corner with Ann Street diagonally opposite to Brisbane's Central Railway Station. The building is on the Queensland Heritage Register.
 Ware Parish Church is a historic Episcopal church located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1715 and is one-story rectangular brick structure topped by a steeply pitched gable roof. It features two double guillotine windows in the east end five windows on each side and one circular window over the western doorway.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church of Nossa Senhora da Conceição (Portuguese: Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição Velha) is a church in the civil parish of Madalena in the municipality of Lisbon.The Church of Conceição dos Freires or Conceição Velha (known as the Church of the Misericórdia) was not included in the original plans to reconstruct the Lisbon riverfront even though it was partially ruined.
 US Post Office-Connellsville is a historic post office building located at Connellsville Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1911 and 1913 and is a two-story five bay brick building in the Classical Revival style. It measures 99 feet by 54 feet with a 10 foot rear extension. It was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under the direction of James Knox Taylor.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Plymouth Church is an historic church located at 57 Orange Street between Henry and Hicks Streets in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. It also has the address 75 Hicks Street.
 The Westover—Bacon—Potts Farm is a historic farm at 62 Undermountain Road (MA 41) south of its junction with MA 23 in Egremont Massachusetts. Land for the farm was purchased in 1744 by Jon Westover who built the house that now stands on the property. In the 1790s the property was purchased by Elijah Bacon in whose family it remained until 1965. In the intervening years little was done to modernize the house.
 The Hotel Alder is an historic four-story building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. In 2004 it was named to the National Register of Historic Places. It has also been known as the Hotel President the Jack London Hotel and Century Plaza. The ground floor is occupied by the popular Rialto Poolroom Bar and Cafe and an off-track betting parlor.
 The Allen County Museum is located in the city of Lima the county seat of Allen County Ohio United States. Occupying a half city block the museum campus includes the main museum building a log house the MacDonell House (a Victorian mansion) a Shay Locomotive display Military/Transportation building the Children's Museum and the Children's Garden. The museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 St. Paul's Church also known as St.Paul's Lutheran Church and Day School and St. Peter's Luthera is a historic church in New Melle Missouri built in 1860 by A. Carl Schlottmann. St. Paul's Lutheran Church was founded by German immigrants in 1844 and was the first Lutheran Church in St. Charles County. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as a Historic Place in St. Charles County Missouri.
 Ninth & Stewart is a proposed skyscraper project in the Denny Triangle neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The most recent plan (as of April 2013) is to build a 43-story tower to open in 2017 which would include a hotel meeting space and apartments. If constructed it would be among the tallest skyscrapers in Seattle and the city's largest hotel.
 The Cuyuna Iron Range Municipally-Owned Elevated Metal Water Tanks are a group of five water towers within the Cuyuna Range in Crow Wing County Minnesota. The water tanks built between 1912 and 1918 were listed on the National Register of Historic Places because they represent the historical period of community planning public works and engineering that supported the development of the Cuyuna Range.
 The Daniel Cassidy House near Mora New Mexico was built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1990.
 The Capt. Mark Stoddard Farmstead in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard Connecticut was built in 1770. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Iglesia de Santiago el Mayor (Sariego) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Saparmurat Hajji Mosque (Turkmen: Saparmyrat Hajy metjidi) is a mosque in Gökdepe Turkmenistan. It was built from 1994 to 1995 during the rule of Saparmurat Turkmenbashi. Erected in memory of the soldiers defenders of the fortress Geokdepe. It is a prominent landmark in Gökdepe with its four minarets.
 Hotel Fort Canning is a boutique hotel opened in 2010 in Fort Canning Park Singapore self-styled as fashionable and located near such touristy nightlife areas as Orchard Road and Clarke Quay. The hotel has 86 stylised rooms and suites.The building was the former British Far East Command Headquarters during World War II.
 The Warner House also known as MacPheadris-Warner House is one of the finest early-Georgian brick houses in New England. This structure was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.It is located at 150 Daniel Street at the corner of Chapel Street in Portsmouth New Hampshire.
 Luis De Torres Synagogue is the only synagogue in the Bahamas. Named after Luis de Torres a Jewish Marrano who sailed with Christopher Columbus to the new world it is situated between two churches.
 St. Catherines Argyle or St. Caths is a Church of Scotland church located in the Grange Edinburgh.Rev Dr Robin Sydserff has been minister of the church since January 2009.
 The Old Grammar School Coventry is a Grade I listed building in Coventry England on the corner of Bishop Street and Hales Street.
 The Western Antique Aeroplane and Automobile Museum (WAAAM) is located in Hood River Oregon United States adjacent to the Ken Jernstedt Memorial Airport. WAAAM is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization committed to the preservation of and education about aviation automobile and other historic transportation related relics.WAAAM is open to the public every day 9:00-5:00 except Thanksgiving Christmas and New Years. WAAAM has special activities the second Saturday of every month.
 The Battle House Hotel now known as The Battle House Renaissance Mobile Hotel is a historic hotel building in Mobile Alabama. The current building was built in 1908 and is the second hotel to stand in this location replacing an earlier Battle House that was built in 1852 and burned down in 1905. It is one of the earliest steel frame structures in Alabama.
 Ruby Hall Clinic is a prominent hospital in Pune India. It is a 550-bed hospital facility with a staff of 150 consultants 500 panel doctors and 1400 paramedical staff and was accredited by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals & Healthcare Providers (NABH) in November 2009.
 Central Plaza Rama 3 is a shopping center located on Sathupradit Rd in Yannawa district Bangkok Thailand. The mall opened in 1997 and is one of Central Group's largest shopping centers.
 Atlanta from the Ashes more commonly known as The Phoenix is a bronze monument located in Atlanta Georgia United States symbolizing Atlanta's rise from the ashes of the Civil War to become one of the most important cities in the world.
 Woodlawn is a former estate house overlooking the Hudson River in Garrison New York United States. It was designed in the mid-19th century by Richard Upjohn who resided in the area for the last years of his life.Later on it became the Malcolm Gordon School and it is currently the headquarters of the Hastings Center a prominent bioethics research institution. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Royal Melbourne Hospital (RMH) located in Parkville Victoria an inner suburb of Melbourne is one of Australia’s leading public hospitals. It is a major teaching hospital for tertiary health care with a reputation in clinical research. The hospital is managed as part of Melbourne Health which comprises the Royal Melbourne Hospital North West Dialysis Service and North Western Mental Health.The emergency department is at the City Campus Grattan Street Parkville.
 Science World at Telus World of Science Vancouver is a science centre run by a not-for-profit organization in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is located at the end of False Creek and features many permanent interactive exhibits and displays as well as areas with varying topics throughout the years.The building's former name Science World is still the name of the organization.
 The McLeod Building is a historic office building located in Downtown Edmonton. It was designated a Provincial Historic Resource on January 3 1995 and a Municipal Historic Resource on May 22 2001.
 The Sidney Waterworks and Electric Light Building is a historic structure on the east side of Sidney Ohio United States. Erected in 1873 the building is a former waterworks and power plant for the city. This four-story brick building is the third-oldest waterworks in southwestern Ohio preceded only by those in Cincinnati and Dayton.
 The Col. James Graham House is a historic log cabin located on West Virginia Route 3 in Lowell West Virginia. It was built in 1770 as a home for Col. James Graham the first settler of Lowell and his family. It was later the site of an Indian attack on the Graham family in 1777. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1976. It is currently operating as a museum.
 Lakeside Joondalup Shopping City is a major shopping centre located in Joondalup a northern suburb of Perth. It is located next to Grand Boulevard approximately 100 metres (330 ft) from Joondalup railway station.
 The bicycle business of the Wright brothers the Wright Cycle Company (originally the Wright Cycle Exchange) successively occupied five different locations in Dayton Ohio. Orville and Wilbur Wright began their bicycle repair rental and sales business in 1892 while continuing to operate a print shop (they ended their local newspaper business in 1890). In 1896 they began manufacturing and selling bicycles of their own design the Van Cleve and St. Claire named after their ancestors.
 The Western Galilee Hospital (Hebrew: בית החולים לגליל המערבי‎) is a hospital located in the coastal city of Nahariya and is the second largest hospital in northern Israel (after Rambam Hospital in Haifa). It was established in 1956.The hospital located on the outskirts of Nahariya three kilometers from the city center serving half a million residents of the western Galilee from Karmiel to the coast.
 Horslunde Church (Danish: Horslunde Kirke) is located in the village of Horslunde on the island of Lolland Denmark. The altarpiece and the pulpit date from 1594. Former Danish prime minister Christian Ditlev Frederik Reventlow is buried at the site.
 The Ariston Café is a historic restaurant located in Litchfield Illinois USA along Old U.S. Route 66. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Dutch Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Columbia South Carolina. Currently it features more than sixty stores and restaurants as well an AMC movie theater. Its anchor stores are Belk (the most successful Belk in Columbia ) and Burlington Coat Factory.When it opened in 1970 the mall was advertised as the largest mall in the Carolinas.
 Krom Stone House and Dutch Barn is a historic home and Dutch barn located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. The property includes the stone house (ca. 1730) Dutch barn (ca. 1800) and shed (ca. 1870). The main block of the house is a one and one half story stone dwelling in a linear plan. In 1966 the stone was covered in stucco.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Singer Building or Singer Tower at Liberty Street and Broadway in Manhattan was a 47-story office building completed in 1908 as the headquarters of the Singer Manufacturing Company. It was the tallest building in the world from 1908 to 1909. It was demolished in 1968 together with the adjacent City Investing Building and is now the site of 1 Liberty Plaza.
 Union Lookout is a lookout tower located within Trail of Tears State Forest in Union County Illinois United States. The Civilian Conservation Corps built the tower circa 1934 as part of a network of fire lookout towers in Shawnee National Forest; the fire towers were one of many CCC conservation projects in the forest which also included planting trees constructing bridges and trails and preventing erosion.
 Nichols Hall is a building on the campus of Kansas State University. This building was originally built in 1911 and appears from the exterior as a castle with battlements. Its interior was destroyed by fire in 1968 and was rebuilt in 1985. The building currently houses the departments of Computing and Information Sciences and Communication Studies Theatre and Dance.
 Three World Financial Center also known as American Express Tower is one of the forty tallest skyscrapers in New York City. Located on West Street between Liberty Street and Vesey Street in Lower Manhattan the building is the tallest 739 feet (225 m) of the four buildings in the World Financial Center complex that stands in southwest Manhattan. It is similar in design to Two World Financial Center except that it is capped by a solid pyramid where 2 WFC is capped by a dome.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Michael the Archangel (Serbian: Саборна Црква Св. Архангела Михаила Saborna Crkva Sv. Arhangela Mihaila) is a Serb Orthodox Christian church in the centre of Belgrade Serbia. It is one of the most important places of worship in the country. It is commonly known as just Saborna crkva (The Cathedral) among the city residents.
 Young-Noyes House also known as the University of Charleston President's House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built in 1922 and is a white-painted 15-room brick house featuring a central two-story gabled block and a shallow two-story gabled ell. It has a river-facing flat-roofed tetrastyle portico; the two story smooth shaft columns are of the Doric order. The home is in the Colonial Revival style.
 Christ Hamilton United Lutheran Church and Cemetery is a national historic district consisting of a Lutheran / Reformed church and cemetery in Hamilton Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. The church was built in 1829 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone building measuring 50 feet by 40 feet. It features a slate roof and rectangular steeple with delicate spire. Church records indicate that the cemetery was laid out in 1775 making it the oldest cemetery in Stroudsburg.
 Greenwood Plantation is a plantation in the Red Hills Region of southern Georgia just west of Thomasville. The original Greek Revival mansion on the property was designed by British architect John Wind and built about 1838 for Thomas and Lavinia Jones.
 The Enrique M. Razon Sports Center (Building code E; also called Sports Complex Sports Center or Sports Building) of De La Salle University is a ten-storey neoclassical building that was built in 1998 to replace the old Brother Lucian Athanasius FSC Gym that was demolished in 2000 to give way for the construction of the Yuchengco Hall.
 The Christian Jipp Home & Grocery is an historic structure located in the Hamburg Historic District in Davenport Iowa United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house and grocery was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2005.
 The Aurora Fossil Museum is a natural science museum in Aurora North Carolina. The museum's collection is built around fossils recovered from the nearby PCS Phosphate mine but also includes fossil specimens donated from around the world as well as geology and meteorite displays. Fossils from the local mine are approximately 18-22 and 2.5-5 million years old coming from layers in the mine traced to the early Miocene and Pliocene eras in the Pungo River and Yorktown formations.
 The Castle of Silves is a castle in the civil parish of Silves in the municipality of Silves in the Portuguese Algarve. Built between the 8th and 13th century the castle is one of the best preserved of the Moorish fortifications in Portugal the most important Moorish fortification resulting in its classification as a National Monument in 1910.
 The Church of Saint Mary the Virgin fondly called Smokey Mary's because of the use of incense in the services is an Episcopal Anglo-Catholic church which is part of the Episcopal Diocese of New York of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
 Asa Hanson Block is a three story commercial block on Congress Street in Downtown Portland Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Rotunda Museum is one of the oldest purpose-built museums still in use in the United Kingdom. The curved grade II* listed building was constructed in 1829 as one of the country's first purpose-built museums. Situated in the English coastal resort of Scarborough North Yorkshire it houses one of the foremost collections of Jurassic geology on the Yorkshire Coast.
 The 320 South Boston Building formerly known as the National Bank of Tulsa Building is a 22-story highrise building located in downtown Tulsa Oklahoma. It was originally constructed at the corner of Third Street and Boston Avenue as a ten-story headquarters building for the Exchange National Bank of Tulsa Oklahoma in 1917 and expanded to its present dimensions in 1929. The addition brought the building's height to 400 feet (122 m) making it the tallest building in Oklahoma.
 Holy Fellowship Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church built in 1886 near Greenwood on the Yankton Indian Reservation in Charles Mix County South Dakota in the United States. On June 5 1975 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Williamsburg (FCI Williamsburg) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in South Carolina. It is run by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It has an adjacent prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Williamsburg is located in the town of Salters 90 miles southeast of Columbia the state capital.
 Baily House is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1835 and is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame dwelling with a three-bay front facade. It was probably constructed as a single-family dwelling that may have been formerly connected to a row of matching houses. Some believe that it was moved from Baltimore to Newark in the mid-19th century.
 Hebron Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located in the countryside northeast of Madison Madison County Virginia. The original section was built about 1740 with the south wing added about 1800. It is a one-story T shaped frame building on a stone foundation. The original section measures 50 feet by 26 feet. The building was renovated in 1850 and in 1885 the flat ceilings were adorned with decorative frescoes of rich Victorian patterns by Guiseppe Oddenino.
 Château Rose (pink castle) is a château in Orp-le-Petit in the municipality of Orp-Jauche Walloon Brabant Belgium.
 York Art Gallery in York England is a public art gallery with a collection of paintings from 14th-century to contemporary prints watercolours drawings and ceramics. It closed for major redevelopment in 2013 reopening in the spring or summer of 2015. It is managed by York Museums Trust.
 The Anacostia Historic District is a historic district in the city of Washington D.C. comprising approximately 20 squares and about 550 buildings built between 1854 and 1930. The Anacostia Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The architectural character of the Anacostia area is unique in Washington.
 Hillside Centre also referred to as Hillside Mall or Hillside Shopping Centre is a commercial shopping mall in Victoria British Columbia Canada. It was built in 1962 and has undergone numerous renovations since it original construction. The mall is home to several stores from national and international chains as well as independent shops including the locally renowned Bolen Books.
 HM Prison Winchester is a Category B men's prison located in Winchester Hampshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Thomas Lyman House in Durham Connecticut was built circa 1774 by Thomas Lyman IV. It has a main block and an ell extension. Photographs show that it is a two-chimney house with a hip roof and two front dormers.
 Saint James Lutheran Church and School located in Lafayette Indiana was founded in 1850 by German immigrants is a member of the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod and is a Confessional Lutheran congregation with approximately 800 active members. Average weekly worship attendance is approximately 550 at four services. The school associated with the church was also founded in 1850 and is the oldest school in Tippecanoe County. The school serves children from age 2 through grade 8.
 Upper Freehold Baptist Meeting (also known as Ye Olde Yellow Meeting House) is a historic church in the Imlaystown section of Upper Freehold Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States and the oldest Baptist meetinghouse in the state.It was built in 1737 by a congregation begun that year and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Whitfield House is located on Fiennes Street in Toodyay Western Australia.
 Suzhou International Expo Center (Chinese: 苏州国际博览中心; pinyin: Sūzhōu guójì bólǎn zhōngxīn) located to the east of Jinji Lake in Suzhou Industrial Park Suzhou Jiangsu is a convention center in China. It occupies an area of 188600 m2 and its total gross floor area is 255000 square meters. It is said to have the world's largest uninterrupted exhibition space according to Xinhua News Agency.
 Packerville Bridge is a historic 62 feet (18.9 m) bridge carrying Packerville Road over Mill Brook in Plainfield Connecticut. It is a masonry arch bridge with cut-stone barrel and rubble spandrels. The bridge was built in 1886 and is a well-preserved example of vernacular 19th century masonry bridge technology. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 For The Hammer Museum in Haines Alaska see Hammer Museum (Haines AK)The Armand Hammer Museum of Art and Culture Center at UCLA or the Hammer Museum as it is more commonly known is an art museum in the Westwood district of Los Angeles California. It is operated by UCLA's School of the Arts and Architecture.
 The O'Hara Waltham Dial Company is a historic factory building at 74 Rumford Avenue in Waltham Massachusetts. The three story brick structure was built in 1897 by Daniel O'Hara and housed his company a spinoff from the Waltham Watch Company which specialized in the manufacture of a variety of clock faces. The building has distinctive corner towers with panelled brick surfaces although these are a later (early 1900s) addition.
 Ar-Qua Springs also known as the Thomas Thornbrough House or the Thomas Thornburgh House was built beginning about 1751 near Arden West Virginia. The house was built by local Quaker elder Thomas Thornbrough beginning as a one-room 1½ story limestone rubble house that was quickly expanded with log additions. The house may have been used as a Quaker meeting house during the 18th century.The house in its present state is two stories in five bays with sections of stone and log.
 For the mall in Canada see Centre Square MallCentre Square is an office complex in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. The complex consists of two concrete high-rise towers: the 417 feet (127 m) Centre Square I (also known as Centre Square East) and the 490 feet (150 m) Centre Square II (Centre Square West) — respectively the 24th- and 15th-tallest buildings in Philadelphia. Designed by Vincent Kling & Associates in the 1960s Centre Square opened in 1973.
 The Metlife Centre is a 28 floor 120 metre tall modernist skyscraper situated close to the Cape Town International Convention Center in the City Bowl area of Cape Town South Africa. The spired antenna on the building's roof is 22 m/72 feet tall and was lifted into place by helicopter just prior to its completion in 1993.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church on Park and Elm Streets in Waterville Maine.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Bevier House Museum referred to simply as the Bevier House or Bevier Stone House prior to its conversion from a private residence is located in Marbletown near Kingston New York. The house is also the home of the Ulster County Historical Society and is currently open to the public as a museum.Bevier House is believed to have been constructed around 1680 by Andries Pieterse Van Leuven.
 First built in 1880 near Fort Charles the Giddy House was originally a Royal Artillery House meant to store weapons and gunpowder for the adjacent Victoria and Albert Battery. After Port Royal was struck by an earthquake in 1907 the Giddy House partially sunk. Its nickname Giddy House comes from the feeling visitors have when trying to stand straight while inside.
 Jackson Falls National Register Historic District is a historic district on parts of Jackson Village Road and Five Mile Circuit Road in Jackson New Hampshire.It features various Greek Revival and late Victorian architecture.[citation needed]
 The Mütter Museum is a medical museum located in the Center City area of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It contains a collection of medical oddities anatomical and pathological specimens wax models and antique medical equipment. The museum is part of The College of Physicians of Philadelphia. The original purpose of the collection donated by Dr. Thomas Dent Mütter in 1858 was medical research and education. Admission is $15.
 The Parish Church of All Saints' Lawshall is an Anglican church in the village of Lawshall Suffolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church is located between Lawshall Hall and All Saints CEVCP Primary School.
 The Rubrics is the oldest building within Trinity College Dublin. Although the exact date is unknown it was designed and built in c.1700. Today the Rubrics are used as rooms for students and fellows.
 Austin Central Fire Station 1 is a fire station at 401 East Fifth Street in Downtown Austin Texas United States. It is a part of the Austin Fire Department.The building became a part of the National Register of Historic Places on May 5 2000.
 The Banner Lassen Medical Center is a 25 bed community hospital in Susanville California United States.
 Raiwind Palace is the residence of the Sharif family of Pakistan most notably Nawaz Sharif located in Jati Umra near Raiwind - a town on the outskirts of Lahore Punjab Pakistan.
 St. Naum of Ohrid (Macedonian: Свети Наум Охридски) is a Macedonian Orthodox Church located in Hamilton Ontario Canada.
 Dayton Fire Station No. 14 is an historic structure at 1422 N. Main St. in Dayton Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 27 1980. It was designed by the Peters Burns & Pretzinger firm.
 John McMillan's Log School is a landmark log building in Canonsburg Pennsylvania that was the site of John McMillan's frontier latin school during the 1780s. It is a symbol of Canonsburg and Canonsburg's educational tradition. In 1930 The Pittsburgh Press said that the building was viewed by the pioneers with even more reverence than Pittsburgh now view the towering Cathedral of Learning in Oakland. It is one of the oldest buildings in Western Pennsylvania.
 St Christopher’s Church Springfield is a Church of England building in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 The Payne-Desha House is an historic house located on land west of Royal Spring Branch near downtown Georgetown Kentucky USA that was the built in 1814 by Robert Payne a Kentucky war hero from the Battle of the Thames. Also the house was the last residence of Joseph Desha the ninth governor of Kentucky.The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 2 1974.
 The Engineers Museum (officially The pioneer museum in Finnish: valtakunnallinen i.e. all-national Pioneerimuseo in Russian: Музей саперных войск) is the oldest corps museum in Finland. It was opened 13 May 1945 in the garrison of Koria which was the part of Elimäki municipality now Kouvola town. The Engineers Museum has the status of the scientific military museum and it is supervised by the Military Museum of Finland (in Finnish: Sotamuseo).
 The John Blake House is located on Homestead Avenue (NY 208) in Maybrook New York United States. It is a brick building from the late 18th century one of the oldest houses in the villageJohn Blake a prominent local politician built the house around an earlier log cabin. A wing was added in the mid-19th century but it has not otherwise been altered.
 The Elmwood Cemetery Gates at the Elmwood Cemetery in Sycamore Illinois have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 28 1978. The gates mark the entrance to Elmwood Cemetery and were erected according to the date emblazoned on an archway over the gates in 1865. A number of prominent past citizens of both Sycamore and nearby DeKalb are buried in the cemetery.
 Conway Post Office is a historic post office building located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was designed and built 1935-1936 and is one of a number of post offices in South Carolina designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. The building is in the Classical Revival style and is a one-story brick building that features an off-center entrance with large fanlight above.
 The American Fork City Hall on Church Street in American Fork Utah was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Saint Paul's Church National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located on South Columbus Avenue in Mount Vernon New York just north of the New York City borough of The Bronx. The site was authorized in 1978 to protect Saint Paul's Church from increasing industrialization of the surrounding area. Saint Paul's Church was one of New York's oldest parishes and was used as a military hospital after the American Revolutionary War Battle of Pell's Point in 1776.
 St Patrick's Cathedral Parramatta is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Parramatta and the seat of the Catholic Bishop of Parramatta New South Wales Australia.
 Dene Barton Community Hospital is a small NHS hospital located in Cotford St Luke near Taunton Somerset England. Formerly run by Somerset Community Health part of the Somerset Primary Care Trust. It is now managed by the Somerset Partnership NHS Foundation Trust.
 Maple Hill Cemetery is the oldest and largest cemetery in Huntsville Alabama. Founded on two acres (8000 m²) in about the year 1822 it now encompasses nearly 100 acres (400000 m²) and contains over 80000 burials. It was added to the Alabama Historical Commission's Historic Cemetery Register in 2008 and to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Nido Spitalfields is the tallest student accommodation building in the world. It is located at 100 Middlesex Street in Spitalfields London. Prior to completion in 2010 the tallest student accommodation building in the World was Sky Plaza in Leeds.There is also another high rise Nido building in London which serves the same purpose and which is situated in King's Cross area. In two 16 story towers as well as a new low rise one in Notting Hill area.
 Hof van Cleve is a restaurant in western Belgium. The restaurant is set in the countryside near the town of Kruishoutem. The chef is Peter Goossens.
 Charlottesville Fashion Square is the only indoor shopping mall in the Charlottesville Virginia area. It is a regional mall located about one mile (1.6 km) north of the Charlottesville city limits on U.S. Route 29 in Albemarle County. The mall is operated by Simon Property Group and features four primary tenant spaces.
 Citadel Mall one of the largest shopping malls in the state is a regional 1138527 square feet (105773 m2) shopping mall located in Charleston South Carolina USA. It opened on July 29 1981 and is located at the intersection of Sam Rittenberg Boulevard (SC Hwy. 7) and I-526.
 The Church of St. John the Baptist Northwood is a parish church in the Church of England located in Northwood Isle of Wight. The church is situated to the east of the main Newport to Cowes road approximately 400m south of the village in Chawton Lane.
 Highland Lawn Cemetery is a city-owned cemetery in Terre Haute Indiana. Opened in 1884 the cemetery includes 139 acres (0.56 km2).The cemetery features a Richardsonian Romanesque chapel built by architect Jesse A. Vrydaugh in 1893 for a cost of $10000. In the 1980s the chapel underwent renovation which was completed in March 1988.
 The Core Shopping Centre (styled as CORE) which consists of TD Square the Holt Renfrew building and the former Calgary Eaton Centre is the dominant shopping complex located in the downtown core of Calgary Alberta Canada. It spans three city blocks and contains approximately 160 retailers on four levels. The property also contains four major office towers (TD Canada Trust Tower Home Oil Tower Dome Tower) and the historic Lancaster Building.
 Scarisbrick Hall is a country house situated just to the south-east of the village of Scarisbrick in Lancashire England.
 The Levi Anderson House is a historic house in Union Township Ross County Ohio United States. Located along Anderson Station Road west of the city of Chillicothe it is a fine example of the Greek Revival farmhouses of early nineteenth-century rural Ross County.The oldest (rear) part of the house was built in 1826; its first resident appears to have been William Robinson who participated in the first settlement of Ross County in 1795.
 Bridge in Buckingham Township is a historic stone arch bridge located at Wycombe in Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It has a total of six spans four are 20 feet long and two 12 feet long and was constructed in 1905. It is constructed of roughly squared stone.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Biggleswade Castle was a castle in the market town of Biggleswade in Bedfordshire.The existence of this castle was discovered by aerial photography in 1954 which showed the remains of a motte and bailey castle with a double ditch around the motte and a single ditch around the bailey.Some excavation of the site was done in 1962 and 1968. The excavations found evidence of timber structures as well as pottery.Currently only cropmarks and slight earthworks remain.
 The Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA) is one of the United Kingdom's leading institutions for performing arts.[citation needed] The university is situated in the English city of Liverpool. LIPA offers training in Acting Community Drama Dance Music Music Theatre and Entertainment Management Sound Technology Theatre and Performance Technology and Theatre and Performance Design.It offers eight full-time B.A.
 The Silver River Museum and Environmental Education Center is nature museum in Silver Springs State Park in Silver Springs Florida near Ocala. The museum is named after the Silver River which flows through the park.Marion County Public Schools operates the museum and center in cooperation with the Florida Park Service with both hosting educational events. The concept of the center dates back to 1987 and initial funding was provided through a Christa McAullife Fellowship.
 The Joachim Plambeck House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Late Victorian style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Old Town Historic District is an area located near downtown Harrisonburg Virginia that has been added to the National Register of Historic Places. It was added in March 2008. The area covers from northeast of James Madison University up to the area of Woodbine Cemetery. A map is provided below.Plans for the area include an upscale and ethnic restaurants in restored historic structures shops antiques and boutiques museums art galleries and a cultural arts district.
 Chandlery Corner consists of three historic buildings located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. They are the Peter Rockwell House Frederick Schneider House and Schneider / Kessler Chandlery. The Peter Rockwell House was built in 1832 as a Federal style brick townhouse It was modified for commercial use about 1865 to be a 2 1/2-story commercial building with a mansard roof.
 Blackstone Hall is a five-story student residence hall at Portland State University in Portland Oregon a city in the United States. The building contains five two-bedroom units 19 one-bedroom units 14 studios and 13 sleepers that share a bath shower and kitchen.
 The Elkhorn Band Shell is a band shell located in Sunset Park in Elkhorn Wisconsin. It was built in 1926 for $5000 to house the Holton-Elkhorn band after the Frank Holton Company moved there in 1918. Its design was based on another shell located in Mount Morris Illinois after a design by G. Pheby of Phoenix Arizona. Around 4000 people came to the opening concert.It was originally located in the courthouse square but was moved to Sunset Park in 1962 after the courthouse was expanded.
 John Eakin Farm also known as Jacob Kooker Tavern is a historic farm and national historic district located at Springfield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 15 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure. They are three houses two barns one wagon shed two smokehouses one spring house one outhouse one garage one milk house one chicken house and the ruins of an out kitchen lime quarry lime kiln and two sheds.
 Dana Mall is a shopping mall in the Seef District of Manama the capital city of Bahrain. The complex includes the Dana Cinema with 12 screens.
 The Nash Block also known as the McKesson-Robbins Warehouse and currently as The Greenhouse is located at 902-912 Farnam Street in Omaha Nebraska. Designed by Thomas R. Kimball and built in 1907 the building is the last remnant of Downtown Omaha's Jobbers Canyon. It was named an Omaha Landmark in 1978 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Trump Ocean Resort Baja Mexico was a failed luxury condominium-hotel resort located in the Playas de Tijuana borough of Tijuana Baja California Mexico just 30 minutes south of downtown San Diego. It was initially announced in 2006 as a joint venture between the Trump Organization and Los Angeles-based real estate development company Irongate. Investors were led to believe that Trump CEO Donald J.
 Christ Lutheran Church and Parsonage originally the German Evangelical Lutheran Church of Ellenville is a historic Lutheran church and parsonage located at Ellenville Ulster County New York. The church was built in 1862 in the Greek Revival style. It was moved enlarged reoriented and completely remodeled in 1903–1904 in the Gothic Revival style when moved to its present location.
 The Healy Block is a block of Queen Anne style houses in Minneapolis Minnesota. The district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a Minneapolis Historic District is bounded by Second Avenue South 31st Street Third Avenue South and 32nd Street. The houses are readily visible from the Lake Street exit off Interstate 35W.
 Pischalauski Castle (Belarusian: Пішчалаўскі замак) also spelled Pishchalauski Castle is a castle in Minsk Belarus. The castle is also sometimes called the Belarusian Bastille. It is a registered state architectural monument.The castle was built in 1825. It formerly served as a prison. The architect was named Pishchala.
 St Christopher le Stocks was a parish church on the south side of Threadneedle Street in the Broad Street Ward of the City of London. Of medieval origin it was demolished in 1781 to make way for an extension of the neighbouring Bank of England.
 The Coleman-Banks House also known as the James Oliver Banks House is a historic Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama USA. It was built in 1847 by George W. Shauver. It was purchased by the Rhoda Coleman in 1857 and then by James Oliver Banks in 1890. The house is a two-story structure with four monumental Ionic columns spanning the front portico. It features elaborate Greek Revival doorways in the central bay of the front facade.
 The Thompson Fish House Turtle Cannery and Kraals is a historic site located at 200 Margaret Street Key West Florida United States. On June 23 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The building is owned by the City of Key West and currently houses exhibits from the nearby Mel Fisher Maritime Heritage Museum. The Turtle Kraals Museum which educated the public about dangers to sea turtles was formerly located at this site.
 Evansville Standpipe is a historic water tower located in Evansville Wisconsin. The 80-ft tall steel tower was built in 1901 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company as part of the development of the local water supply system spurred on by a devastating fire in 1896 that destroyed a large section of downtown Evansville. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Palms of Pasadena Hospital is a hospital located in St. Petersburg Florida.
 Valladolid Science Museum (Spanish: Museo de la Ciencia de Valladolid) was opened in May 2003 as a museum and an iconic piece of architecture based on an old flour mill. Rafael Moneo and Enrique de Teresa used a lot of the old industrial complex to create this new Science Museum.
 The Porter Elliott Bridge also known as Goose River Bridge near Hillsboro North Dakota is a Warren through truss structure that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in . It was removed from the National Register in 2009.
 The Museum of the City of Brussels (French: Musée de la ville de Bruxelles Dutch: Museum van de Stad Brussel) is a museum on the Grand Place square in Brussels Belgium. It is dedicated to the history and folklore of the town of Brussels its development from its beginnings to today which it presents through paintings sculptures tapistries engravings photos and models including a notable scale-representation of the town during the Middle Ages.
 St Ceidio's Church Rhodogeidio is a rural 19th-century church near Llannerch-y-medd in Anglesey north Wales. It was built using materials from the 14th-century church that previously stood on the site which has been used for Christian worship since some time in the 7th century.
 The Richardson–Ulrich House was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as the Robert M. and Anna Richardson House and the George C. and Min Ulrich House.
 Smiths Grove Presbyterian Church is a historic church at College and 2nd Streets in Smiths Grove Kentucky.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Davies Manor is the oldest extant home in Shelby County Tennessee and possibly in West Tennessee. It is a two-story log and chink home made using white oak logs on what was once a plantation with a total of approximately 2000 acres (8.1 km2).
 The church of St Mildred Bread Street stood on the east side of Bread Street in the Bread Street Ward of the City of London. It was dedicated to the 7th century Saint Mildred the Virgin daughter of Merewald sub-king of the West Mercians. Of medieval origin the church was rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren following its destruction in the Great Fire of London in 1666.
 The Trafalgar Building is a multi-use building in the CBD of Hobart Tasmania Australia situated at 108-100 Collins Street. It is fifteen stories and is 50 metres tall.Usage of the building includes general commercial for the first two floors car parking for levels three to twelve and corporate offices on floors thirteen through to fifteen.Current corporate tennants are Tasmanian Ports Corporation Pty Ltd (level 13) The Department of Justice (level 14) and CGI (level 15).
 The House at 89 Rawson Road and 86 Colburne Crescent is a historic house at 89 Rawson Road and 86 Colburne Crescent in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Kemmerer Main Post Office in Kemmerer Wyoming was built in 1934 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Kemmerer was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 Tanana Mission (also known as Mission of Our Saviour; Episcopal Mission) was a historic Episcopal church mission in Tanana Alaska. Its abandoned church building and cemetery are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.It was deemed significant as artifacts of the once-large Epicopalian mission which additionally includeda hospital a sawmill a rectory and a school. It is located about 3 miles up from the current Tanana village location.
 Isshin-ji (一心寺) is a Pure Land Buddhist temple in Osaka Japan. Starting in the Meiji period thirteen images have been formed each incorporating the ashes of tens of thousands of devotees. The annual burial ceremony on 21 April in turn draws tens of thousands of worshippers.
 The Florida Museum of Natural History (FLMNH) is the State of Florida's official state-sponsored and chartered natural history museum. Its main facilities are located at 3215 Hull Road on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida.The main public exhibit facility Powell Hall and the attached McGuire Center are located in the Cultural Plaza which it shares with the Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art and the Curtis M. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts.
 Oakfield Station is located in Oakfield Maine. The train station was built in 1911 by the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1987.The station is home to the Oakfield Railroad Museum which is operated by the Oakfield Historical Society.
 The S. B. Barker Building also known as the Dunn Brothers Building is a historic commercial building in Condon Oregon United States. Built in 1903 adjacent to a spring at the center of downtown Condon this Italianate general store typifies the mercantile businesses serving ranches and farms throughout eastern Oregon in the early part of the 20th century.
 North High School was a public high school located on the north side of Columbus Ohio at 100 Arcadia Avenue. It was a part of the then Columbus Public School district now Columbus City Schools. It was closed in June 1979 due to declining enrollment.In December 1921 the Columbus Board of Education purchased a thirteen-acre tract of land on Arcadia Ave. which included the old Columbus Sewer Pipe Factory for $39000. Famed architect Frank L.
 Thomas Shepard House is a historic house at 764 East Hill Road in New Marlborough Massachusetts. It is one of the older homes in New Marlborough (built 1768) and is one of three 18th century houses on a 3-mile (4.8 km) stretch of East Hill Road which was then one of only three roads in the town.
 Durdans Mundesley the Durdans Bed and Breakfast Hotel is located in the English seaside village of Mundesley in the county of Norfolk United Kingdom. The guest house is a 4-star bed and breakfast with a Silver Award from Visit Britain.
 The Ginter Building is a historic U.S. building located at 1540 Highland Avenue Eau Gallie Florida. The building was constructed in 1926 by Clifford Ginter. Over the years it was used as an apartment building a rescue mission house a store professional offices and a nursery school.
 St Martin's Church Brampton is in Front Street Brampton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Brampton the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is the only church designed by the Pre-Raphaelite architect Philip Webb. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner described it as a very remarkable building.
 Mugdock Castle was the stronghold of the Clan Graham from the middle of the 13th century. Its ruins are located in Mugdock Country Park just west of the village of Mugdock in the parish of Strathblane. The castle is within the registration county of Stirlingshire although it is only 2 km north of Milngavie East Dunbartonshire on the northern outskirts of Greater Glasgow.
 Rudolph Walton School is a historic school building located in the Strawberry Mansion neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1900-1901 and is a 3 1/2-story building of coursed cast stone ashlar. Brick additions were built in 1915 and 1924. It has a low hipped roof and large double hung windows. The projecting central entrance pavilion has a Renaissance Revival-style portico. It was among the first schools designed by J.
 The Vancouver Island Regional Correctional Centre (VIRCC) is a Regional Correctional Centre that is located in the District Municipality of Saanich Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It lies within metropolitan Victoria British Columbia in its northwest suburbs. The centre offers grief counseling to the family members of prisoners' deceased victims. On October 26 1977 approximately 20 inmates took a prison officer hostage with a knife but released him peacefully the next day.
 Museum Van Loon is museum located in a canalside house alongside the Keizersgracht in Amsterdam Netherlands. The museum is named after the family Van Loon that lived in the house from the 19th century.
 Lincoln County Courthouse is the building in Stanford Kentucky the county seat of Lincoln County where trial courts conduct their affairs and other county governmental offices are located. The building was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Galerías Pacífico (Pacific Gallery) is a shopping centre in Buenos Aires Argentina located at the intersection of Florida Street and Córdoba Avenue.
 For the church with a similar name in Bath see All Saints' Church WestonFor the church with a similar name in Cheshire see All Saints' Church Weston CheshireAll Saints' Church Weston is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Weston Nottinghamshire.
 The Savera is an 11-storied four-star hotel located in Mylapore Chennai India. The hotel has two units located in Hyderabad named Walnut Hotel and in Bangalore named Lotus Park.
 The Church of St Mary le Ghyll (also known as St Mary-le-Gill) is located in Ghyll Lane Barnoldswick Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with those of Holy Trinity Barnoldswick and St Michael Bracewell. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Tour Initiale (previously known as tour Nobel) is an office building located in La Défense business district just west of Paris France. The 105 m (344 ft) Tour Initiale was the first office tower built in the La Défense district with its construction being completed in 1966.
 Caroline Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery and national historic district at the junction of Dyke and Bates Roads in Setauket Suffolk County New York. The church was built in 1729 and is a three-by-four-bay heavy timber-framed 42 by 30 foot building sheathed in wood shingles and covered by a gable roof. It features a 42 foot tower surmounted by a 25 foot spire. The complex also includes the parish house built in 1905 and a barn built in 1893.
 St. Just in Penwith Parish Church is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Just in Penwith Cornwall UK.The church is Anglo-Catholic and under the care of the Bishop of Ebbsfleet rather than the Bishop of Truro.
 The Anthony and Susan Cardinal Walke House is a historic residence on the west side of Chillicothe Ohio United States. Erected around 1812 it is a Colonial Revival house built in the style of the early post-independence period of the United States.
 The Bank of Glen Jean is located in the unincorporated community of Glen Jean West Virginia. The bank was the financial center of a railroading mining and financial conglomerate belonging to William McKell son of Thomas G. and Jean McKell the town's namesake. Built in 1909 the bank operated until 1939. It is now a visitor contact center for New River Gorge National River.The bank is built in stone masonry using local sandstone found above the Sewell coal seam.
 The Museum of Romanian Literature Mihail Kogălniceanu (Romanian: Muzeul Literaturii Române „Mihail Kogălniceanu”) is a museum in Chişinău Moldova.
 Clifton-Metropolitan Hotel was an historic building located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It has since been torn down and it was delisted from the National Register in 1997 The site on the corner of Main Street and River Drive along with the neighboring site of the former Schauder Hotel is now a public parking structure.
 The North Eye is an under-construction residential skyscraper in Noida National Capital Region India. It is expected to be the tallest residential building in North India. The tower will have 66 floors upon completion. As of October 2013 the 15th Floor Roof Slab casting has been completed. The pit foundation with the depth of 48.5 metres (159 ft) was completed in Jan 2013.
 The Bologna Museum of Modern Art (MAMbo or Museo d’Arte Moderna di Bologna) is a purpose-designed centre of modern and experimental art located in the centre of Bologna Italy.
 The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum (colloquially The Broad) is a contemporary art museum at Michigan State University in East Lansing Michigan. It opened on November 10 2012.
 Geyuan Temple (simplified Chinese: 阁院寺; traditional Chinese: 閣院寺; pinyin: Gé Yùan Sì; literally Ge Courtyard Temple) is a Buddhist temple located in Laiyuan Hebei Province China. The temple consists of three main buildings and other auxiliary structures. The main hall of the temple the Wenshu Hall dates from 966 CE.
 Cricklewood Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Cricklewood London and is part of the London Baptist Association. Built in 1907 the church had its first service on 5 January 1908. In 1930 a church hall was added and after the main church building was sold to property developers in 1990 the hall became the central place of worship for the congregation.
 The Blackburn Point Bridge is a historic swing bridge located near Osprey Florida United States that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is a one-lane swing bridge located on Blackburn Point Road at the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. It is the northernmost of the two bridges connecting the barrier island Casey Key to the mainland of Florida. It was constructed by the Champion Bridge Co.
 Our Lady of the Assumption Church is a Roman Catholic church in Westport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Dort Mall (formerly Small Mall and Mid-America Plaza) is a shopping mall located in Flint Michigan. It was built in 1963 five years before Courtland Center and seven years before Genesee Valley Center making it the oldest mall in Genesee County.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Guadalupe is a gothic revival Catholic cathedral located in Zamora Michoacán Mexico.
 Chester Dominican Friary was a friary in Cheshire England.
 The William H. Phipps House is located in Hudson Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Dennison Manufacturing Co. Paper Box Factory is a historic factory building at 175 Maple Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.It was built in 1923 and owned by the paper company until 1969. After Dennison left a subsidiary of Dennison Design Pak was based in the building. In 2007 the building was converted into apartments. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.Dennison founded by brothers Aaron and Eliphalet W.
 Boys Town formerly Girls and Boys Town and Father Flanagan's Boys' Home is a non-profit organization dedicated to caring for its children and families with national headquarters in the village of Boys Town Nebraska. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as well as designated a National Historic Landmark on February 4 1985.The original Boys Town was founded as a boys' orphanage in December 1917 by Edward J. Flanagan a Roman Catholic priest working in Omaha.
 Ingøy Church (Norwegian: Ingøy kirke) is a parish church in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Ingøy on the island of Ingøya. The church is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. Like most other churches in Finnmark Ingøy church was burned down by the Germans during the evacuation of Finnmark in 1944.
 Torre Altus is one of the tallest skyscrapers in Mexico City. Located in Bosques de las Lomas in Paseo de los Laureles y Alcanfores the tower stands in one of the most exclusive residential and commercial zones in Latin America. When it was completed it became the third tallest building in Mexico City. Currently it is the fifth tallest building and is expected to fall to the ninth tallest building after the completion of buildings currently under construction in the city.
 The InterContinental Mark Hopkins San Francisco is a luxury hotel located at the top of Nob Hill in San Francisco California. The hotel is managed by the InterContinental Hotels Group. The chain operates over 200 hotels and resorts in approximately 75 nations.
 Andrews-Luther Farm (also known as the Harley Luther farm) is an historic farm located on Elmdale Road in Scituate Rhode Island.The farmhouse was built in 1768 and later modified in a Greek Revival style. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Mosque of Omar (Arabic: مسجد عمر‎) is the oldest and only mosque in the old city of Bethlehem located in Manger Square near the Church of the Nativity.
 West Ridge Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Topeka Kansas. Opened in 1988 and renovated in 2005 it features Burlington Coat Factory Dillard's J. C. Penney The Furniture Mall of Kansas and Sears as its anchor stores.
 Stellafane Observatory is an astronomical observatory built and maintained by the Springfield Telescope Makers Inc. an amateur astronomical club of about 100 members. The club was founded by Russell W. Porter had its first meeting on December 7 1923.
 The Wave in Vejle is a modern residential building complex by the Skyttehus bay in Vejle Denmark. It is inspired by the Sydney Opera House by Danish architect Jørn Utzon and the hilly landscape around Vejle Fjord.The Wave in Vejle is designed by Henning Larsen Architects and contains 115 luxury apartments distributed on 14000 square metres (150000 sq ft).It has been named as a ground-breaking architecture piece in modern times and a significant landmark of Vejle.
 Ormond Quay Presbyterian Church is a former church located at Ormond Quay Dublin. There was a congregation of Presbyterians many of Scottish extraction around Ormond Quay (then called Usher's Quay) since the early 18th century a Mr. Arbuckle being the first minister. The construction of the church was financed by a bequest from a widow Martha Maria Magee (née Stewart) from Lurgan County Armagh who had moved to Dublin.
 Victoria Gardens is a pedestrian-oriented open-air mixed-use town center in Rancho Cucamonga California. Located North of Foothill Boulevard between Day Creek Boulevard and Etiwanda Avenue by the Interstate 15 freeway the 147-acre (0.59 km2)project consists of residential areas office space retail stores public plazas a movie theater and a civic cultural arts center.
 Fort Craig was a U.S. Army fort located along El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro near Elephant Butte Lake State Park and the Rio Grande in Socorro County New Mexico.The Fort Craig site was approximately 1050 feet east-west by 600 feet north-south (320 by 180 m) and was located on 40 acres (16 hectares).
 Dave Castle also known as Fernan-Nuñez Castle (French: Château de Dave Château Fernan-Nuñez) is a château in the village of Dave also known as Dave-sur-Meuse now a part of the city of Namur Belgium.The château stands on the banks of the Meuse. It was originally a medieval structure the centre of power of the influential sieurs de Dave but was ruined in the 17th century and re-constructed in the 18th and 19th centuries by the Dukes of Fernan-Nuñez whence the alternative name.
 The Reach Gallery Museum is a public art gallery and museum located in Abbotsford British Columbia. It exhibits artwork from across Canada and around the world free of charge to visitors.
 The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Crossings at the Potomac River are a set of railroad bridges that span the Potomac River between Maryland Heights Maryland and Harpers Ferry West Virginia in the United States.
 The Robinson Hotel is located in the former mining town of Julian California United States. It was one of the first businesses in San Diego County to be owned and operated by African-Americans.
 The Pilgrim Holiness Church also known as the Baled Hay Church or the Baled Straw Church is a church built in 1928 in Arthur Nebraska. At a time and place in which conventional construction materials were expensive or unavailable it was built out of baled rye straw. For its unique mode of construction associated with the history of settlement of the Nebraska Sandhills it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 84 Plymouth Grove is a Grade II* listed neoclassical villa in Manchester England which was the residence of William and Elizabeth Gaskell from 1850 till their deaths in 1884 and 1865 respectively. The Gaskell household continued to occupy the villa after the deaths of Elizabeth and William.
 The Cadet shipwreck is an archaeological site located in Lake George near Bolton in Warren County New York. It is the site of the shipwreck of the 1893-built Olive ex Cadet steam launch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Randolph Street Commercial Buildings Historic District is a historic district located in Downtown Detroit Michigan which includes six buildings along Randolph Street between Monroe and Macomb streets (1208–1244 Randolph Street). The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The collection of buildings are a rare surviving set of Detroit Victorian-era commercial structures.
 Opened in 1984 for The Los Angeles Olympic Games Hilton Anaheim is the largest hotel in Orange County and the second largest hotel in all of Southern California with 1572 guestrooms. Also one of the largest meeting spaces in Orange County the Hilton Anaheim has over 100000 square feet (9300 m2) of meeting and event space and is adjacent to the Anaheim Convention Center.
 Congregation Shivtei Yeshuron Ezras Israel is a historic synagogue located in the Pennsport neighborhood of South Philadelphia. As of 2013 congregational services are lay-led. Shivtei Yeshuron moved to its current location in 1909 and purchased the building in 1917. It is South Philadelphia's last active pre-World War I rowhouse synagogue.
 Kerry General Hospital Tralee is the second largest acute hospital of the 7 hospitals in the Health Service Executive South Region. It serves as the main hospital for County Kerry and also serves the people of parts of North Cork and West Limerick or a population of well over 150000. In a typical year it treats over 18500 inpatients and sees over 40000 people in its outpatient clinics.
 St. Barnabas' Church is the parish church of Erdington in the north of Birmingham England.
 Morley Memorial Church was built at the junction of Pym Street and Blue Bell Hill Nottingham in 1889.
 Antara Polanco is an upscale open-air shopping center in Polanco Mexico City Mexico and is considered to be one of the most exclusive shopping destinations in Mexico.
 One Riverside Park is a skyscraper currently underdevelopment located at 40 Riverside Boulevard between Eleventh and Twelfth Avenues in the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 The Turner and Amelia Smith House is a historic home in Willow Spring North Carolina a suburb of Raleigh. The house was built in 1880 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in July 2005.
 The Columbia Gardens Cemetery is a cemetery located in the Ashton Heights Historic District of Arlington Virginia
 United Church of Huntington is a historic church in Wellington Ohio.It was built in 1847 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Carrigafoyle (meaning on a rock overlooking water) is a historic building in Wellington New Zealand.The house was designed by Penty & Blake Carrigafoyle for Elizabeth O'Connor daughter of the Hon John Martin (who Martinborough is named after) a member of the Legislative Council. The building was restored in the 1980s by Rex Nicholls (a former Deputy Mayor).
 The Potter's House is a megachurch in Dallas Texas USA founded by T. D. Jakes.Outreach Magazine ranked it the 10th largest in the USA as of 2008 based on attendance of 17000.
 DAMAC Paramount Hotel & Residences is a 56 Storey 250 m (820 ft) tall residential and hotel tower under construction in Downtown Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower is a part of a complex DAMAC Towers by Paramount being built in Down Town Dubai.
 Państwowe Muzeum Etnograficzne w Warszawie is a museum in Warsaw Poland. It was established in 1888. The collection is made up of objects folk art costumes crafts sculptures paintings and other art from Poland Europe Africa Australia Oceania and Latin and South America.
 The Pebble Mill Studios were the base of the BBC in the English Midlands located in Edgbaston a suburb of Birmingham England. The views from the roof overlooked Cannon Hill Park a nature centre as well as Birmingham's city centre.
 Broadgreen Hospital is a teaching hospital located in the suburb of Broadgreen; in the city of Liverpool England. Alongside the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and Liverpool University Dental Hospital in the city centre; the hospital belongs to and operates on behalf of the Royal Liverpool and Broadgreen University Hospitals NHS Trust.The hospital shares its buildings with and adjoins other NHS hospital trusts on the same site.
 The Immaculate Heart of Mary Cathedral also known as the Vimalagiri Cathedral or as Angathattu Palli located at Kottayam is the cathedral of the Diocese of Vijayapuram. Built in the Gothic architectural style the church has a 172-foot tall tower which is one of the tallest church towers in Kerala. The foundation stone of Vimalagiri Church was laid in the year 1956. The construction of the imposing edifice was finished in the year 1964.
 Camelback Inn (officially titled: JW Marriott Scottsdale Camelback Inn Resort and Spa) is a historic resort and spa owned by JW Marriott Hotels and located on the southern slope of Mummy Mountain in Paradise Valley Arizona. Established in 1936 by Jack Stewart and John C. Lincoln the resort's popularity among Hollywood celebrities and political leaders made it a significant contributor to the region's growth.
 The Mougins Museum of Classical Art (Musée d’Art Classique de Mougins) is an art museum located in Mougins France. Established by Christian Levett a British businessman and collector it opened in April 2011. Levett decided to put the objects on display because his collection was mounting up in storage and he realised that many of them were of interest to the public.
 The Jefferson Cutter House is a historic house on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 1 Whittemore Park in the center of Arlington Massachusetts. It houses the Cyrus E. Dallin Art Museum dedicated to the sculptor Cyrus Dallin who was a long-time Arlington resident.The building was built in 1830 in a Greek Revival/Federal style in a saltbox shape. The building which currently (2012) houses the Arlington Chamber of Commerce the Cyrus E.
 The Henry L. Kamphoefner House was the first Modernist house built in Raleigh North Carolina. During the mid-20th century faculty members from the School of Design located at North Carolina State College (now known as North Carolina State University) designed and built several modernist houses in Raleigh for themselves other faculty and a few clients. Henry L.
 The Leggett House in Merced California also known as Queen Anne Inn is a historic house located at 352 W. 22nd St. in Merced California. The house was built in the Queen Anne style of Victorian architecture. Its most prominent feature is the Witch's Cap on its roof a cone-shaped turret with eight scalloped hips.
 The W. F. Ramsey Unit (previously Ramsey I Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison farm located in Rosharon Brazoria County Texas. The prison is located on Farm to Market Road 655 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Farm to Market Road 521 and south of Houston. The 16369-acre (6624 ha) unit is co-located with the Stringfellow Unit and the Terrell Unit.
 The Ashworth and Jones Factory is a historic building at 1511 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the architecturally finest mid 19th century factory buildings in the city. Located at a site used for industrial purposes since early in the 19th century it was built in 1870 for Thomas Ashworth and Edward Jones who began woolen textile operations on the site in 1861. The site underwent a number of expansions between the 1880s and 1910s.
 St. Stephen's Church also known as St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 6807 Northumberland Highway Heathsville Northumberland County in the Northern Neck of Virginia. Built in 1881 it was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture by T. Buckler Ghequiere. On December 28 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It remains in use by an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia.
 St George's Church Hyde is in Church Street Hyde Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Mottram the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Landis Theatre-Mori Brothers Building is located in Vineland Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1937 and its first movie was Hats Off. The theater serviced the USO during WWII and the auditorium was twinned in 1980. After 50 years of service to the Vineland community it closed finally in 1987 victim of declining revenue against the Demarco Cinemas nearby. Its last movie was House 2.
 Pendock Church is a redundant Anglican church standing to the southeast of the hamlet of Sledge Green in the parish of Pendock Worcestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position overlooking and to the north of the M50 motorway. To its north are the earthworks of a former medieval village.
 Birdwood is a historic home located on the grounds of the University of Virginia's Birdwood Golf Course near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. It is a two-story brick plantation house built between 1819 and 1830. The main house is a square double-pile central-passage plan house with four rooms on each floor and an entry portico supported by four monumental Doric order columns. A massive Colonial Revival addition was built in the early-20th century.
 The Abbott-Holloway Farm contains a couple of the few early structures still standing in Bethlehem Indiana located in the extreme northeast section of Clark County Indiana. It overlooks the Ohio River.The land comprising the Abbott-Holloway Farm was first owned by Jonathan Clark one of the early founders of Bethlehem in 1812.
 The Packsaddle Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Fairhope Township Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877 and is a 48-foot-long (15 m) Kingpost truss bridge with full vertical plank siding and large cut stone abutments. The bridge crosses Brush Creek. It is one of 10 covered bridges in Somerset County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 China CITIC Bank Mansion (Chinese: 中信银行大厦) formerly Zhong Tian Plaza (Chinese: 中天广场) is a 59-floor/229-meter tall skyscraper in Urumqi Xinjiang People's Republic of China. It is the tallest building in Northwestern China and Central Asia.
 Teddy's Tavern originally called the Blue Hen Garage is a historic tavern located at Ellendale Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1923 as a service station catering to motorists on the newly constructed Du Pont Highway. It was and converted into a roadside tavern in 1937. It is a one-story polychrome brick building with a low-pitched gable roof low parapet and exposed rafter ends in a Mission/Spanish Revival style.
 Micklegate Priory York was a Benedictine monastery founded in 1089 by Ralph Paynel and dedicated to the Holy Trinity. It fronted on Micklegate in the city of York England and the site had previously been used for Christ Church a house of secular canons.The site is now that of Holy Trinity Micklegate.
 George's Street Arcade is a shopping centre on South Great George's Street in Dublin. It is a Victorian style red-bricked indoor market of stalls and stores. It opened in 1881 as the South City Markets.
 Cornton Vale is a women's prison in Stirling operated by the Scottish Prison Service. Built in 1975 Cornton Vale comprises a total of 217 cells in its 5 houses. It took only convicted women and girls from 1975 until 1978. In 1978 Parliament passed the necessary legislation to allow females to be held there on remand. Lady Martha Bruce was the first governor. Cornton Vale now houses almost all female adults and young offenders in Scotland.
 William M. Manley House is a historic house located at 610 Cherry Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The brick house was built in 1876. The double-bay wooden storefronts / porches were added around 1894 and expanded in 1916. The house is an unusual Italianate brick villa with a matching carriage house. William Manley a mason & builder had his office and house located here in 1876. He sold the property to the Taunton Brick Co.
 The Lake Linden Village Hall and Fire Station is a public building located at 401 Calumet Avenue in the Lake Linden Historic District in Lake Linden Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1994.
 Jehangir Hospital is a hospital in Pune Maharashtra India. Sir Cowasji Jehangir and Lady Hirabai Jehangir founded the hospital 6 February 1946.
 The Edward A. Brackett House is a historic house at 290 Highland Avenue in Winchester Massachusetts. The house built in the early 1850s is a distinctive design made by Brackett an eccentric artist and naturalist that was based on designs he saw in a pattern book. As built by Brackett it consisted of a series of four interlocking octagons with varying heights and roof lines to create interesting visual effects. A fifth octagonal unit was added c.
 Château d'Abée (English: Abée Castle or Château) is a fortified château in the municipality of Tinlot province of Liège Belgium. The present building dates from the 18th century but incorporates parts of a medieval structure.
 The Lyell McEwin Hospital (LMH) is a 257-bed acute care teaching hospital located in Adelaide South Australia that provides a full range of medical surgical diagnostic emergency and support services to a population of more than 300000 people living primarily in Adelaide’s northern suburbs.
 Pakuranga Plaza (formerly Westfield Pakuranga) is a shopping centre in Pakuranga in Auckland. It is situated on the corner of Ti Rakau Drive and Pakuranga Highway.
 The Joseph Stanton House (or Wilcox Tavern and General Stanton Monument) is an historic house on US 1 in Charlestown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1739 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980
 The Beit Yaacov Synagogue (Spanish: Sinagoga Beit Yaacov) is a synagogue in Punta del Este Uruguay.This synagogue with a central location ist mostly attended by Sephardic Jews.
 Issaquah Depot is a former railway station located in Issaquah Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1889 as a passenger station and freight warehouse for the Seattle Lake Shore and Eastern Railway (SLS&E) serving what was then known as Gilman Washington (and as Squak Valley until 1888). The town was renamed Issaquah around the turn of the century.
 Glenapp Castle formerly the family seat of the Earl of Inchcape is now a luxury hotel and restaurant located in Ballantrae South Ayrshire Scotland. The castle was built for the Deputy Lord Lieutenant of the County James Hunter. Designed by the famous Scottish architect David Bryce the Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Ayrshire at the time the Castle was finished in 1870.
 Brampton Mall is a shopping mall in Brampton Ontario Canada. Typical of early North American malls the Brampton Mall is an outdoor plaza with two rows of stores connected by a covered breezeway.
 Byrd's African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal (AME) church on Smyrna Avenue in Clayton Kent County Delaware.
 Mount Ida is a historic home located near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built between about 1785 and 1805 and is a two-story five bay frame plantation house. It has a one bay west wing. The interior features a parlor with elaborately carved paneling. The house was moved to a 422.65 acre site with an elevated knoll located alonga bend in the Hardware River in 1995.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 City-Hochhaus is 36-storey skyscraper in Leipzig Germany. At 142 m (466 ft) it is the tallest multistory building in Leipzig. The tower was designed by architect Hermann Henselmann in the shape of an open book and built between 1968 and 1972.
 Fort Buhlow is located in Pineville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 1 1981.
 The Bradford Old City Hall is a historic city hall located in Bradford Pennsylvania in McKean County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1976.The eclectic Victorian Romanesque Revival building was constructed in 1897.
 The Ignace Deen Hospital (Hôpital Ignace Deen) is a hospital in Conakry Guinea built during the colonial era. A report in 2011 described the conditions as squalid with poor quality of care. During the election campaign in October 2010 the hospital received several dozen supporters of the Presidential candidate Alpha Condé apparently suffering from poisoning. They later recovered after treatment by traditional doctors.
 Linton Park formerly Linton Place or Linton Hall is a large 18th-century country house in Linton Kent England. Built by Robert Mann in 1730 to replace an earlier building the house and estate passed through the ownership of several members of Mann's family before coming into the Cornwallis family. The house was enlarged to its current size in 1825.The house sits in a prominent location part way down a south-facing slope which provides excellent views of the grounds and the Weald beyond.
 The Colyer House is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. It was built about 1795 is a 2-story five-bay brick Federal-style house with a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen wing. Minor alterations were made during the Greek Revival period. It features a slate gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 This article is about the U.S. Army building for others of the same name see Roosevelt Hall.Roosevelt Hall (1903-07) is an immense Beaux Arts-style building housing the National War College on Fort Lesley J. McNair Washington DC USA. The original home of the Army War College (1907-46) it is now designated a National Historical Landmark (1972) and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (1972).
 The first Christiansborg Palace in Copenhagen Denmark was built on Slotsholmen in 1745 as a new main residence for King Christian VI of Denmark. It was built on the same site as its predecessor Copenhagen Castle which had assumed a monstrous appearance and started to crumble under its own weight after several extensions.The palace only existed for just under half a century since it was almost completely destroyed by a fire in 1794.
 Jerusalem Artists House in Rehavia is home to the Painters and Sculptors Association Jerusalem.The house was in the early twentieth century residence of Bezalel founded in 1906. One of the promoters to build the home as the center of Jerusalem artists was Ludwig Blum.
 Annie Oakley House is a historic home located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick-and-frame Colonial Revival–influenced bungalow constructed in 1913. Behind the house is a small garage and studio apartment. The house overlooks Hambrooks Bay a protected body of water off the Choptank River.
 J. Lindsay Barn is a historic barn located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1820 and is a large bi-level stone building with fieldstone walls accented by round-arched doorways and windows. It features large rectangular and square quoins and two gable cupolas atop the gable roof. Also on the property is a 19th-century stone outbuilding.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sleaford Parish Church (St Denys) is a Grade I listed Church of England church in Sleaford Lincolnshire. It is notable for having one of the oldest stone broach spires in England and an altar rail designed by Sir Christopher Wren. Built in the early 13th century the building was added to during the 15th 18th and 19th centuries. Over its lifetime the church has been used as a barracks (during the English Civil War) and as a school room (during the 19th century).
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Wistaston is in the village of Wistaston Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich.
 Museum Jorn Silkeborg (formerly Silkeborg Kunstmuseum) is a Danish Art museum located in beautiful surroundings by Gudenåen in Silkeborg Denmark.Museum Jorn holds the collections that were developed by Asger Jorn from the early 1950s until his death in 1973 since when they have doubled in extent.
 Flanesford Priory was a priory in Herefordshire England. Sir Richard Talbot then owner of nearby Goodrich Castle founded the priory in 1346 as a house of the Canons Regular of St Augustine.The priory buildings are now used as holiday accommodation.
 The Amos Block is a Romanesque Revival building located on the southwest corner of Clinton Square in Downtown Syracuse New York. The building's developer and namesake Jacob Amos served as mayor of Syracuse from 1892-1896. Originally the Erie Canal ran directly behind the Amos Block and goods were loaded and unloaded from the building's upper levels onto the Canal while the first floor on the West Water St side contained a retail grocer.
 The Grand Nile Tower Hotel built as Le Méridien Cairo is located on Al-Roda Island in Cairo Egypt. The hotel has 714 rooms and includes a shopping mall and a rotating restaurant.It was expanded with the addition of a 41 floor tower in 2002 when it was renamed the Grand Hyatt Cairo. It ceased to be managed by the Hyatt chain on March 20 2011 due to unresolved contractual disputes with the hotel’s owner. It is currently operated as an independent hotel.
 Pelzer Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 13 Lebby Street in Pelzer South Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 Tivoli is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a random stone ashlar masonry structure built about 1855 and consisting of a three-story symmetrical Italianate main block with a contemporary two-story T-shaped service wing. It contains the administrative and clinical offices the infirmary and dining hall of the Woodbourne Center. It was the summer residence of Enoch Pratt who purchased the property in 1870 and died here in 1896.
 Fort Selden was a United States Army post occupying the area in what is now Radium Springs New Mexico. Established in 1865 for the purpose of protecting westward settlers from Native American raids the post fell into disrepair after the American Civil War. It was ultimately abandoned in 1891 due in large part to the decision to expand Fort Bliss and the lack of any expenditures for repair of the facility.
 The Unionskirche (Union Church) is the active Protestant parish church of Idstein a major town in the German Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis. Idstein was a residence of the Counts of Nassau.
 The Pingtung Art Museum (Chinese: 屏東市立美術館; pinyin: Píngdōng Shìlì Měishùguǎn) is an art museum in Pingtung City Pingtung County Taiwan.
 John Everit House is a historic home located at Melville in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay shingled dwelling with a 1 1⁄2-story two-bay east wing. Also on the property are a shed bar and well.It is one of the earliest houses in the historic district and has a stone foundation. By 1873 it belonged to Dr. George Conklin who enlarged it for his medical practice.
 Kildevæld Church (Danish: Kildevældsparken) is a Lutheran church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen Denmark. It belongs to the church of Denmark. Completed in 1932 it is one of many churches in Copenhagen which was built by the Church Foundation.
 Logan Furnace Mansion is a historic home located at Spring Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It is an L-shaped building consisting of a 2 1/2-story 5-bay stone main house with a 2-story stone kitchen ell. The ell was the original home built 1798 to 1800 and the main house was built in 1818.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Public School 71K is a historic school building located in Williamsburgh Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1888-1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a symmetrical three story brick building with stone trim in the Second Empire style. It features a tall central tower with a high mansard roof and original iron cresting.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Old Main Goethean Hall and Diagnothian Hall also known as the Original Buildings of Franklin & Marshall College are three historic academic buildings located on the campus of Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. Old Main was built between 1854 and 1856 and is a three-story T-shaped building with three-story lateral wings. It features a four-story square entrance tower with five-story octagonal turrets. The chapel was enlarged in 1874.
 The Beverly Center Business District is a historic district roughly bounded by Chapman Central Brown Dane and Essex Streets in Beverly Massachusetts.The area features Greek Revival and Late Victorian architecture. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Sheikha Salama Mosque (مسجد الشيخة سلامة) is a mosque in Al-Ain City the Emirate of Abu Dhabi the United Arab Emirates. The current structure of the mosque which was designed by architect Ja'afar Touqan from Jordan occupies an area of 35873 square metres and can accommodate more than 3000 worshipers according to Gulf News. The design includes an extra 1000 car parking spaces for future needs.
 The BMW Museum is an automobile museum in Munich Germany. Located near the Olympiapark it deals with the history of the automobile manufacturer BMW.The museum was established in 1973 shortly after the Summer Olympics opened. From 2004 to 2008 it was renovated in connection with the construction of the BMW Welt directly opposite. The museum reopened on June 21 2008.
 The Fly By Night Musicians Club in Fremantle Western Australia was established in 1986 as a not-for-profit organisation by musicians and music lovers providing live entertainment by local artists and a modest venue for visiting national and international performers.
 The John P. and Mary Kiggins House is a 2.5-story craftsman style house located in Vancouver Washington. The house was constructed in 1907 for John P. Kiggins a Vancouver businessman and theater owner who served nine terms as mayor and sponsored many civic improvement projects. The architect and builder of the house are unknown although Kiggins was trained as a building contractor and may have built the house himself.The Kiggins family owned the house until 1994.
 Kristiine Centre (Estonian: Kristiine Keskus) is a shopping centre in Tallinn Estonia. It's situated in Kristiine district's subdistrict of Lilleküla. Kristiine is one the largest shopping centres in Estonia by the amount of shops. It has a gross leasable area of 53 000 square metres containing nearly 170 different shops (including 18 restaurants and cafés).The shopping centre has three floors with the shops and other commercial services on the ground and first floors.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located on a triangular lot at 416 Southeast Grand Avenue at the corner of Fifth and Green streets in Lee's Summit Missouri United States. The parish was established in 1867. The original sanctuary and current building were designed by the Rev. Frederick B. Scheetz and completed in 1884. The building is a rare example of an extant wood framed Carpenter Gothic church in the state of Missouri.
 The U.S. Post Office in Astoria Oregon United States was built in 1933. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the U.S. Post Office and Custom House.
 A pâtisserie (pronounced: [pɑtisʁi]) is the type of French or Belgian bakery that specializes in pastries and sweets. In both countries it is a legally controlled title that may only be used by bakeries that employ a licensed maître pâtissier (master pastry chef).In France and Belgium the pâtissier is a pastry chef who has completed a lengthy training process typically an apprenticeship and passed a written examination.
 Cambridge Health Alliance (CHA) is a healthcare system in Cambridge Somerville and Boston Massachusetts' metro-north communities and one of the academic teaching hospitals of Harvard Medical School.As an integrated healthcare network and one of the Top 100 most integrated health care systems in the nation Cambridge Health Alliance serves patients at more than 30 clinical locations including 15 primary care practices and 20 specialty centers.
 The Church of St Chad is a parish church in the area of Stowe in the north of the city of Lichfield Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. It is a Grade II* Listed Building. The church is located to the north of Stowe Pool on St Chad's Road. The current building dates back to the 12th Century although extensive restorations and additions have been added in the centuries since.
 The Barrie Jail colloquially referred to as the Barrie Bucket located at 87 Mulcaster Street in Barrie Ontario Canada was a maximum-security facility housing offenders awaiting trial sentencing or transfer to federal and provincial correctional facilities opened in 1841 and closed in 2001.
 The Royal Military College of Canada Museum established in 1962 is located in a Martello tower known as Fort Frederick 4 Passchendale Dr. on the campus of the Royal Military College of Canada (RRMC or RMC) in Kingston Ontario and is operated by the college. The Royal Military College of Canada Museum has regular hours from the last weekend in June until Labour Day. Although admission is free donations are accepted. Guided Tours are offered in English and French.
 The Joseph Lothrop House is a historic house at 208 Turnpike Road in Westborough Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as being in the Shrewsbury vicinity but Massachusetts cultural inventory identifies its location in Westborough.The Federal style house was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Col. J. A. Banks House is a historic home located at St. Matthews Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built about 1893 and remodeled in 1909-1910. The original house was one-story with a gable roof two interior chimneys and a porch spanning the breadth of the façade. With the 1909-1910 remodeling the house took its present two-story form and incorporates both Classical and Victorian elements. It has an asymmetrical plan the variegated roofline and multiple textures.
 James S. Lakin House is a historic home located at Terra Alta Preston County West Virginia. It was built in 1895 and is a 2 1/2-story frame Colonial Revival style dwelling. It has a T-shaped plan and the roof structure has four intersecting gables. It features a full width front porch with a semi-circular end and a shallow hipped roof supported by Tuscan order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Atlanta Biltmore Hotel and Biltmore Apartments located at 817 West Peachtree Street in Atlanta Georgia were developed by William Candler son of Coca Cola executive Asa Candler with Holland Ball Judkins and John McEntee Bowman. Opening on April 19 1924 the 11-story hotel and 10-story apartment buildings were located somewhat away from downtown Atlanta in an area that became known as Midtown.
 Samuel Patterson House also known as the Drum House and Kozar House is a historic home located at Derry Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1846 and is a two-story five bay brick vernacular dwelling with Greek Revival style details. It has a gable roof and two 19th century Victorian porches supported by square columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Rockwell Universalist Church near Winder Georgia was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Express Towers is a 25-storey building located on Marine Drive in Nariman Point Mumbai. Upon its completion in 1972 the 105 metres (344 ft) building was the tallest building in South Asia for about two years. The building serves as the corporate headquarters of Indian Express Limited which also owns the building. On 19 November 2013 Blackstone Group along with Pune-based Panchshil Realty reached a deal to buy the iconic South Mumbai building for Rupees 900 crore (US$ 144 million).
 Saint Kizito Hospital Matany commonly known as Matany Hospital is a private hospital in Matany Moroto District Karamoja sub-region Northeastern Uganda.
 The Sycamore Public Library in Sycamore Illinois was erected in 1905 in the former location of Mansion House Sycamore's oldest structure. Construction began in May of that year and the library officially opened to the public on Thanksgiving Day 1905. The library joined the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978 with the rest of the Sycamore Historic District. The library still operates as of 2010 as the Sycamore library.
 The North Dakota State Penitentiary is a part of the North Dakota Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation and is located in Bismarck North Dakota. As of January 2013 the prison population stood at a record level of 1550 inmates.
 Karlova Koruna (German: Karlskrone) is a château in the town of Chlumec nad Cidlinou in the Czech Republic.
 The Knights of Pythias Lodge in South Bend Indiana is a building built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Dapeng International Plaza is a 56-storey 269 m (883 ft) skyscraper in the Yuexiu District of Guangzhou Guangdong China. The building was completed in early 2006 following numerous construction delays including once for a year between 2004 and 2005.The top floor of the tower is 213 m (699 ft) above ground and the building is 269.4 m (884 ft) to the top of the spire.
 St. Charles Mall was a one-story enclosed neighborhood mall located in St. Charles Illinois United States. Its two anchors were Kmart and the now-defunct Joseph Spiess Company.
 Gvozdansko Castle is a castle in Gvozdansko village between the towns of Dvor and Glina and not far from Zrin Castle in Sisak-Moslavina county central Croatia.
 Lincoln Plaza at SunTrust Center is a 16-story office building in downtown Orlando Florida. The building was completed in 2000 at a cost of $43 million.Construction on the building began in April 1999.
 St Mary's Church Wormsley is a redundant Anglican church in Wormsley some 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northwest of Hereford Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Helligvær Church (Norwegian: Helligvær kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the Helligvær islands in the Vestfjorden. The church is part of the Bodin parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The small wooden church was built in 1899 on the little island of Storsørøya in the middle of the Helligvær islands. It was originally a small bedehus (meeting house) but in 1908 it was consecrated as an official chapel.
 The Doctors' Building is a historic commercial structure in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located on Garfield Place in the city's downtown it is one of Cincinnati's few Late Gothic Revival commercial buildings.The Doctors' Building was designed by the firm of Tietig and Lee one of Cincinnati's leading architectural firms in the early twentieth century.
 The Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood (Russian: Церковь Спаса на Крови Tserkovʹ Spasa na Krovi) is one of the main sights of St. Petersburg Russia.
 First Dutch Reformed Church also known as the Old Church on the Green is located in Hackensack Bergen County New Jersey United States where it sits in the churchyard of the church by the same name the current building being constructed in 1791. The east wall of the building is of particular interest because it incorporates several carved stones from the first church building erected on the site. These stones bear the monogram of several of the founding families.
 The Spirit of Flight Center (SOF) is a non-profit 501(C)(3) museum in Erie Colorado that is displaying limited exhibits on modern and historic aviation from Colorado's aviation history to a Messerschmitt Bf109-F fighter from Russia. Also on display at SOF is a full size bronze statue of Amelia Earhart. SOF is located at the Erie Municipal Airport near Denver Colorado which allows for pilots to fly to the facility.
 Villa Paul Poiret in Mézy-sur-Seine Yvelines France is an early 1920s Cubism-inspired and later Art Deco private house originally designed by architect Robert Mallet-Stevens.The house stands in 48500 m² of parkland in Mézy-sur-Seine to the west of Paris overlooking the Seine Valley.
 Kōgaku-ji (向嶽寺) originally Kōgaku-an is one of fourteen autonomous branches of the Rinzai school of Japanese Zen founded in 1380 by Bassui Tokushō. The temple is located in southern Yamanashi Prefecture Japan near Mount Fuji. Due to its great popularity under the leadership of Bassui the Emperor Go-Kameyama of the late 14th century declared it a temple to pray for the nation (Head Temples - Kōgaku-ji).
 Waleffe Castle is a castle in Belgium.
 The Henry Law Farm Historic District is a farmstead located at the junction of Reed Road and Plum Run Road near Tappan Lake in Harrison County Ohio United States. It was named a historic district and added to the National Register in 2002.
 The Mother Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church was founded in 1794 by Richard Allen an African-American Methodist minister. The church has been located at the corner of Sixth and Lombard Streets in Philadelphia Pennsylvania since that time making it the oldest church property continuously owned by African Americans. The church was organized by African-American members of St.
 Kilsfjord Church (Norwegian: Kilsfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Straumshamn at the southern end of the Kilsfjorden. The church is part of the Kilsfjord parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The concrete church was built in 1974 by the architect Alf Apelseth. The church seats about 200 people.
 Rochester Fire Department Headquarters and Shops is a historic fire department complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The complex incorporates two structures: the headquarters building and shops building. The Headquarters Building is triangular in plan and is two stories in height and of buff colored brick construction with light colored stone trim. The Shops Building is irregular in plan two stories and built of the same buff colored brick as the Headquarters Building.
 Greek Islands is a restaurant in Chicago Illinois located at 200 S. Halsted Street in the Greektown neighborhood to the immediate west of downtown Chicago. It was founded in 1971 and does a thriving business to good reviews. Similar to other Greek restaurants in Chicago it serves saganaki but has above-average seafood. In January 2008 it was featured on the Food Network's The Hungry Detective. They have a second location in Lombard Illinois.
 The Hilgen and Wittenberg Woolen Mill is located in Cedarburg Wisconsin. Currently the building serves as a restaurant and specialty store. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Julie Rogers Theater is a historic performing arts theater located on Pearl Street in downtown Beaumont Texas. Built in 1928 the theater was once Beaumont's City Hall and Auditorium. The capacity is approximately 1700 seats.
 The Herschel Museum of Astronomy is a small independent museum dedicated to the life and works of the famous astronomer William Herschel and his sister Caroline Herschel. Both made significant contributions to the field of astronomy and both were talented musicians.
 The Piona Priory or Piona Abbey is a religious complex on the Lecco bank of Lake Como in the territory of the municipality of Colico northern Italy.The abbey is set at the top of a small peninsula the Olgiasca which – like a crooked finger – points into the lake creating an inlet.
 One Main Place is a privately owned commercial office building in Downtown Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located at the west end of the Hawthorne Bridge the 20-story skyscraper is 270 feet (82 m) tall. Completed in 1982 it is the fifteenth tallest building in Portland and the sixteenth largest by square-foot. Designed in the modern style by Skidmore Owings and Merrill it is a concrete and glass tower.
 Restaurant De Lindehof is a restaurant located in Nuenen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1992-1995 2004–present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 17 out of 20 points.Owner and head chef of De Lindehof is Soenil Bahadoer. He bought the restaurant in 1995.
 Crossroads Tavern also known as Crossroads Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at North Garden Albemarle County Virginia. It was built about 1820. In the mid nineteenth century Clifton G. Sutherland son of Joseph Sutherland owned and ran the tavern which was located on the Staunton and James River Turnpike. It served as a tavern and overnight lodging for farmers and travelers using the turnpike. In 1889 Daniel B.
 Princesshay is a shopping precinct in the city of Exeter Devon England. It was built in the early 1950s to replace buildings that had been severely damaged in the World War II Baedeker Blitz. From 2005 the precinct and some surrounding buildings were demolished and rebuilt as a new shopping centre that opened in September 2007.
 Stoughton Universalist Church is located in Stoughton Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It includes Greek Revival architecture and has also been known as Stoughton Historical Museum.
 Spring Green Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Hamilton North Carolina.It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Temple Emanu-El in Helena Montana United States was the first Jewish synagogue to be constructed between St. Paul Minnesota and Portland Oregon. It was completed in 1891.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist church building at 120 Cleveland Ave. SW in Canton Ohio.It was built in 1881 in a Gothic Other High Victorian Gothic style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Schuylkill County Bridge No. 114 (also known as Zimmerman's Covered Bridge) is a historic wooden covered bridge in Washington Township Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It is a 50.6-foot-long (15.4 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed about 1875. It crosses Little Swatara Creek west of the village of Rock.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 First African Baptist Church and Parsonage is an historically significant church building and an associated parsonage located in the United States on West Jefferson Avenue in Georgetown Kentucky. In 1842 First Baptist Church moved from their West Jefferson location to a site closer to Georgetown College on College and Hamilton Streets. The church's previous building and property were leased to local black Baptists so a new congregation solely for blacks could be formed.
 Gafsa Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Gafsa. The museum sits in the old city center. Opposite it are ancient Roman pools.
 San Jacinto Mall is a large regional shopping mall located in Baytown Texas along Interstate 10. It is currently managed by Triyar Cannon Group. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1156000 square feet (107400 m2).In 2006 the mall's current owner has announced that it is putting the mall up for sale.
 University Town Plaza is an outdoor shopping mall in Pensacola Florida. It is being developed on the site of the former University Mall which operated from 1974 to 2013.
 Tōhoku Shinseien Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Tōhoku Shinseien is a sanatorium for leprosy or ex-leprosy　patients situated in Tome-shi Miyagi-ken Japan founded in 1939.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at 400 Bridge Street in Sweet Springs Missouri. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The American Federation of Labor Building is a seven-story brick and limestone building located in Washington D.C. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974. It housed the American Federation of Labor for 40 years.The National Park Service in 1974 described it:On July 4 1916 at a site where a fine old mansion with a slave pen in the rear had once stood the American Federation of Labor dedicated its new international headquarters (1916-1956).
 The Centre Block (in French: Édifice du centre) is the main building of the Canadian parliamentary complex on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Ontario containing the House of Commons and Senate chambers as well as the offices of a number of members of parliament senators and senior administration for both legislative houses.
 Maria am Gestade (English: Mary at the Shore) is a Gothic church in Vienna Austria. One of the oldest churches in the city—along with St. Peter's Church and St. Rupert's Church—it is one of the few surviving examples of Gothic architecture in the Vienna. Located in the Innere Stadt at Salvatorgasse 12 near the Donaukanal the church was traditionally used by sailors on the Danube river.
 The Prehistoric Museum USU-Eastern formerly known as the College of Eastern Utah Prehistoric Museum is a museum accredited by the American Alliance of Museums located in Price Utah. The museum seeks to promote public understanding of prehistory through interpretive exhibits educational programs collections and research.
 Nyandi Women's Prison was a correctional facility that became the Boronia Pre-release Centre for Women after its expansion in 2004. Located in Bentley Western Australia the prison was originally a juvenile detention centre for girls and it was later used as a pre-release low-security facility for women. It housed 50 women when the prison was expanded on the land formerly used by the Longmore Detention Centre. The women were moved to the new buildings when construction was complete in 2004.
 Griffith Quarry a registered California Historical Landmark listed on the National Register of Historic Places was a former granite quarry near Penryn California.
 The Lowell Ranger Station near Tucson Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was designed by USDA Forest Service.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture which includes Pueblo and other style. The NRHP listing included institutional housing and government office space in three contributing buildings (office barn/garage and house) on 2 acres (0.81 ha).
 The Hennepin Center for the Arts (HCA) was built in 1888 as a Masonic Temple. The structure was built by Long and Kees in the Richardsonian Romanesque architectural style. In 1978 it was purchased and underwent a renovation to become the HCA. It is located at 528 Hennepin Avenue in Minneapolis Minnesota. Currently it is owned by Artspace and is home to more than 17 performing and visual art companies who reside on the building's eight floors.
 Powhatan is a historic home located near Five Forks James City County Virginia. The house was designed by its owner Richard Taliaferro (c. 1705–1779) and built about 1750. It is a two-story five bay by two bay Georgian style brick dwelling. It has a hipped roof with dormers and features two massive interior end T-shaped chimneys. The house was gutted by fire during the American Civil War. It was thoroughly restored in 1948.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Sainte Marie de La Tourette is a Dominican Order priory in a valley near Lyon France designed by architects Le Corbusier and Iannis Xenakis and constructed between 1956 and 1960. Le Corbusier's design of the building began in May 1953 with sketches drawn at Arbresle France outlining the basic shape of the building and terrain of the site. La Tourette is considered one of the more important buildings of the late Modernist style.
 The Fort Garry Hotel is a historic hotel in Downtown Winnipeg Manitoba. It is one of Canada's grand railway hotels and was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1981. A national heritage park connected to the hotel and to the remains of Upper Fort Garry is under construction nearby.
 The George W. Baird House is a house in Edina Minnesota United States built in 1886 by a prominent farmer in the Edina Mills community. The house was originally part of a 120 acres (49 ha) farmstead. The house is two stories tall and is built in the Eastlake style. It has a distinctive silhouette with multiple roof shapes dormers a square tower and tall brick chimneys. The large front porch has wooden posts and balusters with a pediment over the entrance.
 Newberry Plaza is a 553-foot (169 m) skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1974 and has 57 floors. Gordon and Levin designed the building which is the 56th tallest in Chicago. When it was completed it was the sixth-tallest all-residential skyscraper in the world. It is also the first highrise in the city to have townhomes built on top of a building's pedestal.
 St Mary's Church Warrington is in the town centre of Warrington Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is an active Roman Catholic church. The parish was established and served by Benedictine monks from Ampleforth Abbey but following the withdrawal of Ampleforth Abbey from the parish in 2012 it is now served by the priest from St.Benedict's Church Warrington.
 Lincoln Center is a 366 feet (112 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1972 and has 30 floors. According to Skyscraperpage.com it is the 26th tallest building in Denver..
 The Museu Militar do Porto (translated: Military Museum of Porto) is a pertaining institution to the Portuguese Army dedicated for the preservation of military history located in Porto Portugal.
 The Woodbridge Masonic Lodge No. 131 is a Masonic Lodge in Woodbridge California and also the name of its historic building. The building was designed by architect Charles Beasley and was built in 1882 to serve as a meeting hall for Woodbridge Lodge. The lodge still meets in the building.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Vassar Institute building is located at Main and Vassar streets in Poughkeepsie New York United States across from the architecturally similar Vassar Home for Aged Men. It is a late-19th century building combining the Italianate Victorian Gothic and Second Empire architectural styles.It was established by Matthew Vassar's nephews on the site of the brewery which established the family fortune.
 Zion Church is a historic Episcopal church building located in Rome Oneida County New York. The church was designed by Richard Upjohn built in 1850. It is a three-by-four-bay structure built of bluestone in the Gothic style. Located adjacent is the stone Clarke Memorial Hall designed by Frederick Hubbard and built in 1884–1885.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 St. Augustine's Catholic Church is a historic church in Napoleon Ohio United States. Located on the edge of the city's downtown two blocks away from the Henry County Courthouse the church is a prominent landmark in Napoleon.
 The One San Miguel Avenue is an office skyscraper located at San Miguel Avenue (hence the building's name) in Ortigas Center Pasig City Philippines. It was completed in 2001 and stands at 183 metres (600.39 feet) from ground up to the architectural top although if measured with its antennas it stands at 203 metres (666 feet). It has 54 floors aboveground and 7 basement levels.
 The Littleton T. Clarke House is a historic home located at Pocomoke City Worcester County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Second Empire–style frame house with a concave curved mansard roof constructed about 1860.The Littleton T. Clarke House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Crawford County Courthouse is in Denison Iowa the county seat of Crawford County Iowa and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Oratory of Sant'Antonio da Padova (St Anthony of Padua) is a small church on Via Tommaso Pendola (formerly Via delle Murella) in Siena Italy. The oratory is property of the Ward of the Turtle or Contrada della Tartuca and now commonly called Sant'Antonio alle Murella.
 Craswall Priory was a priory in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO27253770.http://www.ewyaslacy.org.uk/doc.php?d=gc_cra_3001
 Ribera Steakhouse (ステーキハウス リベラ Stēkihausu Ribera) is a Japanese professional wrestling boxing and mixed martial arts themed steak house restaurant in Gotanda which is the original one and Meguro the second one that is bigger.
 Riley Hospital for Children at Indiana University Health is a nationally ranked children's hospital located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus in Indianapolis Indiana.It is named for James Whitcomb Riley a writer and poet who lived in Indiana. In 1916 a group of prominent citizens who knew Riley started the Riley Memorial Association (later called Riley Children's Foundation) to build a children's hospital in memory of Riley. The hospital opened in 1924.
 The Canyon Hotel was built in Yellowstone National Park in 1910 by the Yellowstone Park Company to accommodate visitors to the area of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone and Yellowstone Falls. The hotel was built on a huge scale with a perimeter measurement of one mile. Situated on a hill to the west of the falls it dominated the landscape. It had an elegant resort-like air when first built. After World War II it was regarded by the National Park Service as outdated.
 The Henry Berg Building is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. It is on the same block as the American Commercial and Savings Bank Central Office Building and 202 W. Third Street. It is also next to the Ficke Block on Harrison Street. All of these structures are listed on the NRHP.
 Break Sokos Hotel Eden is located in the Hietasaari district 4.5 km (3 mi) away from Oulu centre in the Nallikari camping-area. This Finland subtropical sea spa was constructed in 1989 by the designer Paavo Karjalainen.The spa was originally known as The Eden Nallikari Sea Spa. Subsequent names have included Spa Hotel Eden Oulu Eden Spa Hotel Holiday Club Oulu Eden and Sokos Hotel Eden. The hotel is currently named Break Sokos Hotel Eden.
 The Finch Vanslyck and McConville Dry Goods Company Building is a classical revival industrial building designed by James E. Denson built by George Grant Construction Company in 1911 and 1923; it is part of Lowertown Historic District in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It fronts Mears Park and is currently used as residential apartments and non-residential offices. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hopkins' Covered Bridge Farm is a historic home and farm located near Lewes Sussex County Delaware. The house was built about 1868 and is a rectangular two-story five bay single-pile center-hall passage frame dwelling with vernacular Gothic style details. It has a rectangular two-story three-bay single pile center passage frame ell or wing. Both sections have gable roofs. The front facade has a three-bay hipped roof porch.
 The Rawson Estate is a historic estate house at 41 Vernon Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1860 and is a well-preserved surviving specimen of an Italianate estate house a form which was once more common in the Newton Corner area. The house was built by Daniel Rawson a boot and shoe merchant and was once part of a much larger landholding of the Rawsons.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Downtown Sarasota Historic District is a historic district in Sarasota Florida United States. It is bound by 1st Street Orange Avenue State Street Gulf Stream Avenue and North Pineapple Avenue. On April 9 2009 it was added to the U.S.
 Donetsk City (Russian: Донецк-Сити)(Stylized: DOHEцЬK CITi) is a large enclosed shopping mall in Donetsk Ukraine. Located along Artema Street the mall opened in October 2006 and includes a total area of approximately 115000 sq. meters.
 The cornerstone of St. Joseph’s Roman Catholic Church Stone City Iowa was laid in 1913. The first mass was held in 1914. The church was designed by Dubuque Iowa architect Guido Beck. The stained glass windows of the church were imported from Germany. The limestone used for the building was donated by city quarries. The labor to construct the church was also donated by local quarry businesses.
 Tverlandet Church (Norwegian: Tverlandet kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Løding. The church is part of the Saltstraumen parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The modern brick church was built in 1983 by the architect Reidar Berg. It seats about 320 people.
 22 Bayley Lane (also known as The Cottage) is a grade II* listed building and only remaining mediaeval timber framed building in the Cathedral Quarter area of Coventry where there were at one time a great many.
 The Samuel B. Conant House is an historic house at 104 Clay Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The colonial revival house was constructed in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Place Bonaventure is an office exhibition and hotel complex in Downtown Montreal Quebec Canada adjacent to the city's Central Station. At 288000 m2 (3100000 sq ft) in size Place Bonaventure was the second largest commercial building in the world at the time of its completion in 1967.
 Grand Bay Historic District is a historic district in Grand Bay Alabama. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 the district comprises twelve acres and the three remaining original buildings from Grand Bay's central business district. The buildings include the former Freeland General Store Grand Bay State Bank and a small commercial building.
 St. John's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church on the Allen County side of Delphos Ohio United States. Designed by S.W. Lane it has been recognized as a historic site because of its architecture.
 Newark Valley Municipal Building and Tappan-Spaulding Memorial Library is a historic municipal building and library building located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The municipal building is a 2 1⁄2-story brick building with a cut stone foundation and full basement built in 1887 as the Union Free School and Academy. A 2-story 45-foot rear wing was completed in 1904 and the building was altered for its current use in 1931.
 St Abraam Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: Ϯⲉⲕ⳿ⲕⲗⲏⲥⲓⲁ ⳿ⲛⲣⲉⲙ⳿ⲛⲭⲏⲙⲓ ⳿ⲛⲟⲣⲑⲟⲇⲟⲝⲟⲥ ⳿ⲛⲧⲉ ⲫⲏⲉⲑⲟⲩⲁⲃ Ⲁⲃⲣⲁⲁⲙ // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Abra'am) is a Coptic Orthodox parish in Woodbury New York. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
 Budge Hall is a residential hall in Helaman Halls at Brigham Young University. It was named after William Budge a prominent Latter-Day Saint missionary who baptized Karl G. Maeser.
 The Sammy Miller Motorcycle Museum was set up in 1964 after the former championship winning trials rider Sammy Miller set up a parts business in New Milton Hampshire England.The business started after Miller put a few of his old racing motorcycles in the corner which eventually became the catalyst of the present day museum.The museum is now held in trust houses some 300 machines including motorcycles and 3-wheeled vehicles and is affiliated to the British Motorcycle Charitable Trust.
 The George Beto Unit (B) is a men's maximum security prison of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice located in unincorporated Anderson County Texas. The unit is located along Farm to Market Road 3328 6 miles (9.7 km) south of Tennessee Colony. The prison co-located with Coffield Unit Michael Unit and Powledge Unit prisons and the Gurney Unit transfer facility has 20518 acres (8303 ha) of land. The unit currently houses over 3400 offenders.The unit opened in June 1980.
 The Nathaniel H. Burt House in Leavenworth Kansas United States was built in 1895. It was designed by William P. Feth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.Its owner Nathaniel H. Burt had moved to Leavenworth in 1875 and started working for the Great Western Stove Company. He became the treasurer of the company in 1885 then became its president in 1911. His house built in 1895 was fitting for a prominent city businessman. The architect William P.
 Chester Castle is in the city of Chester Cheshire England. It is sited at the southwest extremity of the area bounded by the city walls. The castle stands on an eminence overlooking the River Dee. In the castle complex are the remaining parts of the medieval castle together with the neoclassical buildings designed by Thomas Harrison which were built between 1788 and 1813. Parts of the neoclassical buildings are used today as Crown Courts and as a military museum.
 Centerville Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Centerville in Allegany County New York. It was completed in 1859 and is a 2-story three-by-three-bay Greek Revival style former Presbyterian church building. It has a large 1-story horse / carriage house wing at the rear. The building was used as a Grange hall from 1909 to 1927 after which it became the town hall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Hanapepe Town Lot No. 18 in Hanapepe Kauai Hawaii is a historic building built in 1926 which has also been known as the Pool Hall. It was built as a coffee shop then later partly used as a radio shop and was noted for being the site of a slot machine. Its most recent use was as a pool hall.
 Pipera Business Tower is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 13 floors and a surface of 13300 m2. The building features at the 13th floor a large sky office.
 199 Fremont Street is a class-A office skyscraper in South of Market district of San Francisco California. The 111 m (364 ft) 27-storey tower was designed by KMD Architects (Kaplan Mclaughlin Diaz) and completed in 2000.
 Hohenstadt Transmission Tower (German: Sendeturm Hohenstadt) is a steel German truss transmission tower in the municipality of Hohenstadt formerly used by the military as a directional radio tower. Surrounded by abandoned military facilities and farm fields the Hohenstadt Transmission Tower can be accessed through a dirt road that connects the surrounding area to several neighborhoods throughout the municipality.
 Village Park Historic District is a historic district in Canton New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and its boundaries were twice increased in 1983 and in 2008.
 Old Stone House is a historic home located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. The original section was built about 1796 and is a two-story stone structure measuring 26 feet 8 inches by 20 feet 8 inches. A one-story timber frame addition built in the early 1900s and measures 16 feet 7 inches by 16 feet 4 inches. The Old Stone House was the home of John W. Thompson a potter in early Morgan's Town.
 The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary and Saint Dominic (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Rosario y Santo Domingo) popularly known as Iglesia de los Domínicos is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Cordón Montevideo Uruguay.This church is unique in Uruguay as it is perhaps the only temple built in Neo-Mudéjar style in all the country; it also has a brick tower. Held by the Dominicans it is dedicated to their patron saint Dominic and also to Our Lady of the Rosary.
 The Rice House in Richmond Virginia is a residence designed by modernist architect Richard Neutra and built in the mid-1960s on Lock Island in the James River. Since 1999 the house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bloomingdale is a historic home located at Queenstown Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is a Federal style 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick mansion. The main block measures approximately 51 feet long by 37 feet deep and was built in 1792. A brick hyphen and wing are attached on the southeast.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Mount Hope is a historic home located near Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1836 and is a 1 1/2-story vernacular weatherboarded building on a raised brick basement. It has a gable roof and three pedimented dormers. Also on the property are a frame smoke house (c. 1850) and a tenant house (c. 1875). It was the home of Dr. John Peyre Thomas a prominent physician and amateur scientist.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Arizona State Capitol in Phoenix Arizona United States was the last home for Arizona's Territorial government until Arizona became a state in 1912. Initially all three branches of the new state government occupied the four floors of the statehouse. As the state expanded the branches relocated to adjacent buildings and additions. The 1901 portion of the Capitol is now maintained as the Arizona Capitol Museum with the mission to Connect People to Arizona Government - Past and Present.
 The Hurlbutt Street School in Wilton Connecticut was built in 1834. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.The property includes the schoolhouse and its privy which have both been moved. It is the only historic school in Wilton preserved in something like its original state and has been converted to a museum for school groups and by appointment.
 Hove Church (Norwegian: Hove kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Vikøyri. The church is part of the Vik parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The stone church was built around the year 1170. Historians believe it was built by a great man who belonged to the very upper echelon within the Norwegian aristocracy. They say he had built this as a private chapel.
 Greyfriars Dunwich was a Franciscan friary in Dunwich in the English county of Suffolk. The friary was founded before 1277 by Richard FitzJohn and his wife Alice and dissolved in 1538. The original site which had 20 friars in 1277 when it first appears in records was threatened by coastal erosion and the friary was moved inland in 1289.Many of the buildings are believed to have been destroyed on dissolution with the remains used as a house a town hall and a jail at various times.
 St Stephen Walbrook is a church in the City of London part of the Church of England's Diocese of London. The present domed building was erected to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren following the destruction of its medieval predecessor in the Great Fire of London in 1666. It is located in Walbrook next to the Mansion House and near to Bank and Monument Underground stations.
 William Thomas House also known as Wren's Nest and the Thomas Homestead is a historic home located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It consists of two sections: an L-shaped stone house built about 1785 and a two-story five bay rectangular limestone house in the Georgian style architecture. The latter was built in 1834.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 St Mary's Church Stamford is a parish church in the Church of England located in Stamford Lincolnshire lending its name to St Mary's Hill (part of the old Great North Road) on which it stands and which runs down to the river crossing opposite The George Hotel.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at 206 S. Locust in Bastrop Louisiana.The Gothic Revival style building was constructed in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The James B. Christie House is a large flat-roofed Usonian on a beautiful wooded site in Bernardsville New Jersey. The Christie House built in 1940 is Frank Lloyd Wright's oldest and at 2000 square feet (190 m2) Wright's largest house in New Jersey. The residence has one story and is made of brick cypress and redwood.It is designed in an L-shaped plan with a rectangular living room and a dining area that is perpendicular to a wing with three bedrooms and three baths.
 The Storm-Adriance-Brinckerhoff House is located on Beekman Road (Dutchess County Route 9) in East Fishkill New York United States. It is a wooden building in three parts the oldest of which dates to the mid-18th century.Some of its inhabitants have been among the prominent residents of the county and the state. Thomas Storm a captain in the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War later served as the state Assembly Speaker. He had George Washington as a guest one night.
 The National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit institution honoring exceptional U.S. athletes of Italian descent. In 1977 George Randazzo created the Italian American Boxing Hall of Fame. This was as a means for raising money for local Catholic youth programs. After a successful year and dinner honoring 23 former Italian American boxing champions Randazzo created the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame.
 The Andrew John Volstead House located at 163 Ninth Avenue Granite Falls in the U.S. state of Minnesota was the home of Andrew Volstead (1860-1947). He personified prohibition to the American people having authored the National Prohibition Act of 1919. The home is a wood-frame structure with a large two-story stairwell tower that was added on by Volstead shortly after he purchased the property.
 Bark Street School is a historic school on Stevens Road at Bark Street in Swansea Massachusetts.The school was built in 1905 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.
 Pier 39 is a shopping center and popular tourist attraction built on a pier in San Francisco California. At Pier 39 there are shops restaurants a video arcade street performances an interpretive center for the Marine Mammal Center the Aquarium of the Bay virtual 3D rides and views of California sea lions hauled out on docks on Pier 39's marina. The marina is also home to the floating Forbes Island restaurant.
 St. Patrick’s Co-Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Billings Montana United States. Along with St. Ann’s Cathedral in Great Falls Montana it is the seat of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings.
 St. John's Episcopal Church and Rectory form a small complex of log structures in Jackson Wyoming. The rectory was built first: in 1911 it was a hostel and community center under the supervision of Episcopal Bishop Nathaniel Thomas. Church services were held there until 1916 when the church was built. The church and hostel are among the largest log structures in Jackson Hole.The rectory was the first location in Jackson to hold regular Episcopal services beginning in 1911.
 The Peterhoff is a building in Shimla which has housed at least seven Viceroys and Governors General of India during the British Raj. It has been built in typical Tudor style - all wooden frames and shingled eaves.Its first occupant was James Bruce 8th Earl of Elgin who moved into the building in 1863.After India's independence from the British Empire the building served as the Punjab High Court.
 St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Derby Connecticut United States. Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 First Canadian Centre is an office tower in Downtown Calgary Alberta Canada. Located at 350 7th Avenue SW it stands at 167 metres (548 ft) or 41 storeys tall. The skyscraper has a floor area of 48275 m2 (519630 sq ft) and was built in the international and late modernist architectural styles.The Bank of Montreal occupies most of the ground floor with a large retail bank branch.
 The Hogback Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near Winterset Iowa. It was built in 1884 by Benton Jones over the North River on Douglas Township Road. It is 106 feet (32 m) was designed with a Town lattice truss system. It was built with steel pylons to support the main span. The Hogback Bridge was originally one of 19 covered bridges in Madison County; it is now one of the six remaining. In 1992 the bridge was renovated for the cost of $118810.
 Double JJ Resort is located in Rothbury Michigan. It is a four-season resort which opened as the Jack and Jill Ranch in 1937. It has been the location of the Rothbury Music Festival two times and has hosted the Electric Forest Festival annually since 2011. Double JJ has expanded to include a golf course an indoor water park and conference center to go along with the original ranch.
 Mansion House located near Public Landing Maryland United States is an early-to-mid-nineteenth century plantation house. This telescoping house was built in five main parts beginning about 1835. The distinct blocks were designed in a manner that separated the main house from the servants' quarters while keeping them close at hand.Mansion House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Coronet a wooden-hull schooner yacht built in 1885 is one of the oldest and largest schooner yachts in the world.
 The Liberty Hill School at Liberty Hill near Fairview Tennessee was built c. 1915. Along with Forest Hills School and Liberty School as of 1988 it was considered one of the three best surviving examples in Williamson County of one room schoolhouses built during 1900-1920.
 The Formosa Plastics Group Museum (Chinese: 台塑企業文物館; pinyin: Táisù Qǐyè Wénwùguǎn) located on the campus of Chang Gung University Guishan Township Taoyuan northern Taiwan was opened in 2004 to commemorate the 50th anniversary where the history and culture of the leading Taiwanese company Formosa Plastics Group (FPG) is displayed. There are seven floors of display in the building totaling 2837 pings (9379 m²).
 The Woodmen of the World Building in Nacogdoches Texas was built in 1923. It is a two-part commercial block building. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 John Partridge House is a historic house at 315 Exchange Street in Millis Massachusetts.The house was built in 1659 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.
 Burmali Minare Mosque (Amasya) (Burmali Minare means Spiral Minaret in Turkish) is a historical 13th century Mosque in Amasya Turkey. The mosque was built between 1237 and 1247 by the Seljuks.
 The Old Indian River County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Vero Beach Florida. Located at 2145 14th Avenue the Old Indian River County Courthouse was constructed from April 1936 to March 1937 in the Masonry Vernacular Art Moderne style by architect W. H. Garns. The structure was built by James T. Vocelle after he sought federal funding during 1933 and 1934 from the Public Works Administration to build the newly formed county a courthouse.
 The Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum (Polish: Państwowe Muzeum Auschwitz-Birkenau) is a memorial and museum in Oświęcim (German: Auschwitz) Poland which includes the German concentration camps Auschwitz I and Auschwitz II-Birkenau. It is devoted to the memory of the murders in both camps during World War II. The museum performs several tasks among them research into the Holocaust.
 The West Second Street Residential Historic District is a historic district in Hastings Minnesota United States. The district contains thirteen architecturally significant homes built between 1857 and 1890.
 The Oliver G. Traphagen House is a house in Duluth Minnesota. The architect Oliver G. Traphagen designed a number of buildings in Duluth as well as in Hawaii. The house is a three-story Victorian mansion. The front wall is built of local red sandstone and features ornate carving and window dressing along with towers and unusual dormers. The three other faces of the building are faced in red brick.
 Church of Saint Nicholas in Khamovniki (Russian: Церковь Cвятителя Николая Чудотворца в Хамовниках) is a late 17th-century parish church of a former weavers sloboda in Khamovniki District of Moscow. The church is a federal listed memorial building. It marks the corner of present-day Komsomolsky Prospect and Leo Tolstoy Street two blocks beyond the Garden Ring. The church yard occupies a whole block between Leo Tolstoy and Timur Frunze streets and includes a row of small old houses.
 The Chapel of the Sacred Heart is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Barrytown Dutchess County New York City. It was established in 1886 as a parish; formerly a mission of St. Joseph in Rhinecliff. It was suppressed as a parish ca. 1975.
 The Jonathan Bowers House is a historic round house at 58 Wannalancit Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The 2.5 story stone house was built in 1872 by Jonathan Bowers a local industrialist who owned a sawmill and a granite quarry. The materials to build the house (its exterior stonework and interior woodwork) came from these sources. The house is topped by a mansard roof and circular cupola with belvedere.
 Thomas Brodhead House also known as The Brick House is a historic home located at Clermont in Columbia County New York. The house was built about 1795 and is a two story three bay Federal style brick residence with a hipped roof. Also on the property is a brick smoke house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building at 6 Freeland Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival stone building was designed by local architect Stephen C. Earle and built in 1888. The stonework of the 1.5 story building is largely unornamented except for medallions on either side of the arch over the recessed entrance.On March 5 1980 the church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St. Marks.
 The Yamato Museum is a nickname of the Kure Maritime Museum in Kure Hiroshima Japan.
 Newcastle Hospital in Toodyay Western Australia was completed in 1894 and was the only purpose built hospital for the town then known as Newcastle.Construction of this building commenced in 1892 but work stopped before being resumed again in the same year it was completed. The Newcastle Hospital replaced the original public health facility operating out of the 1854 Toodyay Convict Depot infirmary building.
 The Buildings at 1644-1666 Park Road NW are twelve semi-detached row houses in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood of Washington D.C. They are typical of speculative row house development in the neighborhood. The houses were designed in the Colonial Revival style by Washington architect Appleton P. Clark Jr. and completed in 1906. They are a few of such houses that he designed and exemplify his facility for eclectic design and sophistication.
 The Littlefield-Roberts House is an historic house at 16 Prescott Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1873 by Joseph Littlefield and is one of the finest late Second Empire houses in the city. The main facade has a heavily ornamented entry on the left and a full-height projecting bay on the right that is capped by a polygonal roof.
 Butler County National Bank also known as the Lafayette Building and Butler Branch Mellon Bank is a historic bank building located at Butler Butler County Pennsylvania. It is located next to the Butler County Courthouse and is considered the first skyscraper in Butler. It was built in 1902-1903 and is a six-story five bay by five bay brick and stone building in the French Renaissance Revival style. A two-story addition was built in 1929.
 Wayland Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Arlington and Laurel Avenues Weymouth Street Blackstone Boulevard Butler Avenue Angell and South Angell Streets surrounding Wayland Square in Providence Rhode Island.The district features colonial revival architecture and Queen Anne style houses and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Convento de la Merced actually serves today as the Church of San Pedro. It was completed in 1607.
 The Church of St. Anne (Polish: Kolegiata św. Anny) located at ulica św. Anny 11 street in the historic centre of Kraków Poland is one of the leading examples of Polish Baroque architecture. The church's history dates back to 14th century.
 The Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales (Spanish: National Museum of Natural Sciences) is the National Museum of Natural History of Spain. It is situated in the center of Madrid by the Paseo de la Castellana. It is managed by the Spanish National Research Council.The Museum was created in 1772 by Charles III of Spain as the Gabinete Real de Historia Natural changing names several times until its current denomination.
 Rockhampton Correctional Centre (also known as Etna Creek Prison) was an Australian prison at Rockhampton Queensland Australia. The prison was replaced by the Capricornia Correctional Centre in 2001.
 St Saviour's Church Oxton is in Bidston Road Oxton Birkenhead Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with that of St Andrew Noctorum. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Miami Beach Convention Center is an indoor arena in Miami Beach Florida and it is the largest convention center in the Miami area. It features four large rooms each holding about 12000 people.
 Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. It is the seat for the Archeparchy of Philadelphia.
 Mull House and Cemetery is a historic home and cemetery located at Coeymans in Albany County New York. It was built about 1825 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story timber frame dwelling on a stone foundation in the Federal style. It is topped by a gambrel roof. The cemetery includes approximately 12 extant markers. Also on the property is a barn dated to about 1890.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Armenian Genocide Museum of America (AGMA) is a proposed Armenian museum in Washington D.C. United States run by the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial Inc. (AGM&M). The project was launched in 2000 and is yet to be finalized.
 Paradise Park Historic District in Thomasville Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places was 1984.
 The Harbor Defense Museum sometimes called The Caponier located within the grounds of Fort Hamilton in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn is a 19th-century fort New York City's only military museum and one of only seventy military museums in the United States that is funded and operated by the Defense Department.The Caponier the given name of the building that now houses the museum was a flank battery whose mission was to protect the main fortress from rear attacks was originally a small fort within the larger fort and now serves as the guardian of Fort Hamilton's history. 
 The Hadâmbu Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Hadâmbu) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Schitu Hadâmbului Iaşi County Romania.Located 30 km (19 mi) southwest of the city of Iaşi the monastery dedicated in 1659 was built by the Greek cellarer Iani Hadâmbul on a place donated to him by Prince Gheorghe Ghica. Left in ruin for many years the monastery was reopened in 1990.The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 Harwood Center is a skyscraper at 1999 Bryan Street in Dallas Texas. The building rises 483 feet (147 m). It contains 36 floors and was completed in 1982. Harwood Center currently stands as the 21st-tallest building in the city. The architectural firm who designed the building was WZMH Architects the firm who designed the CN Tower in Toronto.
 St. Joseph's Academy was a Catholic school for girls from 1851 to 1971 operated by the Sisters of St Joseph of Carondelet who also later founded the College of St. Catherine. In 1863 the institution was moved to the existing Marshall Avenue location. It is the oldest Catholic school building in Minnesota and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul Minnesota. The building is constructed of local yellow limestone in the Italianate style.
 The Dunton Technical Centre (informally Ford Dunton or Dunton) is a major automotive research and development facility located in Dunton Wayletts Laindon United Kingdom owned and operated by Ford Motor Company. It is the largest automotive technical centre in the United Kingdom and takes its name from the nearby Dunton Wayletts.
 The Horse Barn at Bryce Canyon National Park Utah is a rustic structure built in 1929 shortly after the National Park Service assumed control of the new park lands from the U.S. Forest Service. The Park Service set about improving facilities in the park using a design by the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of NPS design work of the late 1920s.The barn measures about 18 by 21.5 feet (5.5 by 6.6 m).
 The Orlov Museum of Paleontology (Палеонтологический музей им. Ю. А. Орлова) was founded by Paleontological Institute of Russian Academy of Sciencies in 1937 prior to the XVII session of the International Geological Congress. It is named after Yuri Alexandrovich Orlov (1893-1966).It contains public exhibits representing almost every type of fossil organism. Particularly well represented are dinosaurs from Mongolia therapsids from the Perm region of Russia and Precambrian fossils from Siberia.
 ANZ Bank Centre is a Premium Grade commercial office building in Sydney Australia. The skyscraper measured to the top of its roof is 180m tall (architectural height is 195m).The glass style building was designed by Francis-Jones Morehen Thorp (FJMT) a Sydney based architectural firm and construction was carried out by Grocon a Melbourne based developer..Located at 161 Castlereagh Street a large pedestrian plaza links Castlereagh Street with Pitt Street.
 The Pratt Street Power Plant — also known as the Pier Four Power Plant The Power Plant and Pratt Street Station — is a historic former power plant located in downtown Baltimore Maryland USA. It has undergone significant repurposing development since retirement and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Elgin Military Museum is located in St. Thomas Ontario. Its mandate is to preserve the local historical record of military service from the War of 1812 to present day peace keeping missions of the Canadian Forces.
 Centre Georges Pompidou (French pronunciation: ​[sɑ̃tʁ ʒɔʁʒ pɔ̃pidu]; commonly shortened to Centre Pompidou; also known as the Pompidou Centre in English) is a complex in the Beaubourg area of the 4th arrondissement of Paris near Les Halles rue Montorgueil and the Marais.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul in Shepton Mallet Somerset England dates from the 12th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.There is evidence of a church on the site from before the Norman Conquest and the font may date from that time.
 The church of Saint Mariane (Armenian: Սուրբ Մարիանէ եկեղեցի; pronounced Surp Mariane) is centrally located in the town of Ashtarak in the Aragatsotn province of Armenia. Nearby are the churches of Karmravor (located southeast of the S. Mariane) Spitakavor Tsiranavor and Surp Sarkis. There is also a unique bridge of 1664 in the gorge nearby. S. Mariane may be clearly seen from across the gorge at S. Sargis church.
 The Elihu M. Harris State Office Building is a high-rise located in downtown Oakland California. It has 22 stories and stands at 328 feet (100 m) tall. The building is named for Elihu Harris a former mayor of Oakland who is still living.
 The National Building Museum historically known as the Pension Building in Washington D.C. United States is a museum of architecture design engineering construction and urban planning. It was created by an act of Congress in 1980 and is a private non-profit institution; it is adjacent to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial and the Judiciary Square Metro station.The museum hosts various temporary exhibits in galleries around the spacious Great Hall.
 University Mall is the only enclosed shopping mall in Chapel Hill North Carolina. University Mall is owned and operated by Madison Marquette of Washington D.C. The mall is anchored by A Southern Season. The gross leasable area of the center is 366000 square feet. The mall is located about two miles northeast from downtown and The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Today the mall has an even mix of national and local stores with a focus on specialty retailers.
 Old Upper Springfield Friends Burying Ground is a cemetery located in Springfield Township and Wrightstown in Burlington County New Jersey United States.The cemetery and the accompanying meeting house were placed on both the New Jersey (state ID # 875) and the National Register of Historic Places (Reference # 79001479) in 1979.
 The Tottori Prefectural Museum (鳥取県立博物館 Tottori Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum located in Tottori Japan dedicated to the nature history folklore and art of Tottori Prefecture. Over three thousand items from the permanent collection are on display and the museum also stages temporary exhibitions.
 The Aqualina Tower is a residential skyscraper located on Punta Pacífica Panama City. The building is 210 meters high and has 63 floors. It's construction was carried out by Fajardo Moreno Arquitectos and promoter Btesh & Virzi Promoción Inmobiliaria which began in 2005 and ended in 2007. It is one of the tallest buildings in the city surpassing the 200 meters between the other skyscrapers.
 Vinohrady tram depot (Czech: Vozovna Královské Vinohrady) is a former tram and trolleybus depot at Vinohrady that was part of the Prague tram network from 1897. The last Prague trolley bus left from here in 1972.
 Raven Hill Discovery Center is a collection of indoor and outdoor exhibits for hands-on learning by children and adults. Established in 1991 they are primarily a Science Center but have a combined focus with history and art as well as nature and biology. Their collection of live reptiles and animals really stands out. Sheldon the giant 2.5ft turtle is definitely a notable feature.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a former parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in rural Lacona Iowa United States one mile east of the junction of County Road G 76 and SE 97th Street. The church building still stands and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The parish was known in the Davenport Diocese as St. Joseph's Bauer.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 402-410 Glen Street in Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1927 and is a substantial stone Neo-gothic style church in a cruciform plan. It was designed by noted architect Ralph Adams Cram (1863-1942).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Port Townsend Historic District is an area within Port Townsend Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district. It was listed on the National Register in 1976 and further was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977. It includes three separately listed Registered Historic Places: the Capt. Enoch S. Fowler House the Rothschild House and St.
 Aukra Church (Norwegian: Aukra kyrkje) is a parish church in Aukra Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Aukrasanden on the southeast coast of the island of Gossa. The church is part of the Aukra parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The octagonal white wooden church was built in 1835. The church seats about 250 people.
 The Italian Synagogue (Italian: Scuola Italiana) is one of five synagogues in the Venetian Ghetto of Venice.
 Villa Jeanneret and Villa La Roche are two houses in Paris designed by Le Corbusier and Pierre Jeanneret in 1923-1925 and renovated by Charlotte Perriand in 1928. No longer inhabited they house the Fondation Le Corbusier museum and archives. The houses are located at 8-10 square du Docteur-Blanche XVIe arrondissement Paris.
 Moreland Street Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Kearsarge Blue Hill Avenues and Warren Waverly and Winthrop Streets in Boston Massachusetts.The district features Second Empire Italianate and Queen Anne style architecture and the area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Tarrant Abbey was an abbey in Tarrant Crawford Dorset England. The abbey was founded in the 12th century by Ralph de Kahaines (of nearby Tarrant Keyneston) as a Cistercian nunnery later supposedly the richest in England.Two famous people are associated with the abbey. The first is Queen Joan the wife of Alexander II of Scotland and daughter of King John of England (Richard I's brother and successor) who is buried in the grave yard (supposedly in a golden coffin).
 F.E. Company Dredge No. 4 also known as the Pedro Dredge was originally owned by the Fairbanks Exploration Company (FE Co.) a subsidiary of the United States Smelting Refining & Mining Co. (USSR&M). It was built by the Yuba Manufacturing Company in California and was shipped to Pedro Creek north of Fairbanks Alaska in 1938. It was assembled there and operated until 1958. The following year it was disassembled trucked to Chicken Alaska and reassembled.
 Summerfield United Methodist Church is located in the historic Juneautown (East Town) neighborhood of downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Part of the United Methodist Church (UMC) Summerfield has established several community missions and promotes social justice.
 Sky Lakes Medical Center (formerly Merle West Medical Center) is a 176-bed general medical and surgical hospital located in Klamath Falls Oregon United States. Sky Lakes is also a teaching hospital affiliated with Oregon Health & Science University Medical School through the Cascades East Rural Family Medicine Residency Program.
 Justin Morrill Hall known almost exclusively as Morrill Hall is an academic building of Cornell University on its Ithaca New York campus. As of 2009 it houses the Departments of Romance Studies Russian Literature and Linguistics. The building is named in honor of Justin Smith Morrill who as Senator from Vermont was the primary proponent of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862 which greatly assisted the founding of Cornell University.
 P. W. Inskeep House is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built in 1876 and is a two story brick dwelling with a combination of Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles. Also on the property is a contributing shed / garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Antigo Public Library and Deleglise Cabin comprise a historic site in Antigo Wisconsin. The library building is a Carnegie library built in 1904. In 1997 the Antigo Public Library left the building; it is now a museum and the headquarters of the Langlade County Historical Society. The Deleglise Cabin the first home in Antigo was constructed by George Eckart in 1878 on the Springbrook and inhabited by Francis Deleglise. The cabin was moved near the library in 1916.
 Harrison School in St. Louis Missouri was built in a Romanesque style in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Atlantic Center Plaza is a 24-floor office highrise located at 1180 West Peachtree Street in Atlanta Georgia. The building was completed in 2001.It is located on 14th Street which is the latitude line that defines the center of Midtown.
 Shoppers World Brampton is a shopping mall in Brampton Ontario Canada. Now 40 years old it was at one point in the 1970s Canada's top selling mall per square foot.[citation needed] It is host to over 190 stores including Canadian Tire Winners and Staples. Target opened in the location of the former Zellers store.A former bus terminal in the parking lot is scheduled for demolition with the space to be reclaimed for mall parking.
 Iron Mike is an 1896 cast-iron fountain in the 400 Block of Washington Street in the city of Oregon Illinois. The multi-tier fountain is set into a matte green concrete base. Iron Mike is four feet tall and three feet wide at its widest point. The fountain's lowest tier is a pool for pets and reads Illinois Humane Society. There is a step for children on the south side of the fountain and on the north street side the largest middle tier is made to be accessible to horses.
 The Old Colony Iron Works-Nemasket Mills Complex is a historic industrial site located on Old Colony Avenue in the East Taunton section of Taunton Massachusetts adjacent to the Taunton River at the Raynham town line. The site was first occupied by the Old Colony Iron Company which had originally been established in the 1820s as Horatio Leonard & Company. The western part of the complex was sold to Nemasket Mills in 1889. The eastern part was acquired by the Standard Oil Cloth Company.
 The Whitworth Hall on Oxford Road and Burlington Street in Chorlton-on-Medlock Manchester England is part of the University of Manchester. It has been listed Grade II* since 18 December 1963. The Hall lies at the south-east range of the Old Quadrangle of the University with the Manchester Museum adjoined to the north and the former Christie Library connected to the west. It was constructed circa 1895–1902 and was designed by Paul Waterhouse.
 Bowmansville Roller Mill also known as the Von Nieda Mill is a historic roller mill and national historic district located at Bowmansville Brecknock Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses two contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The grist / roller mill was built in 1850 and is a 3 1/2-story rectangular brownstone building measuring 45 feet by 50 feet 5 inches.
 The Church of the Annunciation is an Anglican church in Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It was one of several churches built in the 1860s on behalf of Rev. Arthur Wagner the son of Rev. Henry Michell Wagner Vicar of Brighton (1824–1870) and served a new area of poor housing in what is now the Hanover district. The church is a Grade II Listed building.
 The Mobarak Mosque in The Hague is the first purpose-built mosque in the Netherlands.The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community came to the Netherlands in 1947 and Qudrat-Ullah Hafiz was the first missionary.The mosque designed by Frits Beck was opened by Sir Muhammad Zafarullah Khan on 9th of December 1955.On 3 June 2006 Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands had visited the Mobarak Mosque to commemorate the building's 50th anniversary.
 The TAM Museum (Portuguese: Museu TAM) also known as the Museu Asas de um Sonho (Wings of a Dream Museum) is an aviation museum in the city of São Carlos within the state of State of São Paulo Brazil. The museum is 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) from central São Carlos and 250 kilometers (160 mi) from São Paulo City.The museum was the creation of Rolim Adolfo Amaro founder and president of TAM Airlines and his brother João Francisco Amaro.
 The O.K. Theatre at 208 W. Main Street in Enterprise Oregon is a historic building that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.It was built in 1918 and featured--new for its area and time--a sloped seating section so that theatre-goers would have unobstructed views.It was renamed to the Vista Theater in about 1933. It was bought in 2001 by new owners who restored its original name and who operated it until 2008. After 90 years of operation the O.K.
 The National Museum of Fine Arts (MNBA) is an Argentine art museum in Buenos Aires located in the Recoleta section of the city. The MNBA inaugurated a branch in Neuquén in 2004.
 Alta View Hospital is located in Sandy Utah USA and is an Intermountain Healthcare member hospital.Hospital services include a 24-suite women's center that features single-room birthing and facilitates over 1800 births per year a 46-bed medical/surgical unit a 4-bed intensive care unit. Surgical services include a 7-suite surgical center for inpatient outpatient and endoscopic procedures. Alta View Hospital has a 24-room emergency department.
 The Antique Emporium is a historic building located the corner of South Barstow and Main Streets in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was built in 1899 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 (as: Eau Claire Masonic Temple). The Masonic bodies that once met there relocated in 1927 to the Temple of Free Masonry on Graham Avenue.
 Castella de Aguada (Portuguese: Fort of the Waterpoint) also known as the Bandra Fort is a fort located in Bandra Mumbai. Castella is a misspelling for Portuguese Castelo (castle). Properly it should be called Castelo da Aguada although it seems its Portuguese builders actually called it Forte de Bandorá (or Bandra Fort). It is located at Land's End in Bandra. It was built by the Portuguese in 1640 as a watchtower overlooking Mahim Bay the Arabian Sea and the southern island of Mahim.
 Andries Vosloo Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Blue Crane Route Local Municipality area in Somerset East Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 The Main Street – Black River Bridge is a bridge located on Main Street over the Black River in Ramsay Bessemer Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Engine Company 31 also known as the Forest Hills Firehouse is a fire station and an historic structure located in the North Cleveland Park neighborhood in Washington D.C. It was listed on both the DC Inventory of Historic Sites and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011. The brick building was designed by Albert L. Harris and built in 1931.
 The Eastern Shore Hospital Center is an 76-bed psychiatric facility that is located in Cambridge Maryland. It is owned and operated by the State of Maryland. Levels of care provided include acute and long-term inpatient psychiatric hospital services for adults aged 18 and older. The Center also operates an on-site 16-bed residential Assisted Living Program that is known as Stepping Stone at Manokin.
 The Indiana Theatre is a multiple use performing arts venue located at 140 W. Washington Street in Indianapolis Indiana. It was built as a movie palace and ballroom in 1927 and today is the home of the Indiana Repertory Theatre. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Martin Pomary was a parish church in the Cheap ward of the City of London. It was also known as St Martin Ironmonger Lane.
 Torsken Church (Norwegian: Torsken kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Torsken in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Torsken. The church is part of the Torsken parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1784 to replace a previous church that was located a few blocks to the west. There has been a church in Torsken since around the year 1400. The present church seats about 136 people.
 The George Washington Baines House is located in the city of Salado county of Bell in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bell County Texas in 1983 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1981.George Washington Baines was the father of Joseph Wilson Baines who was the father of Rebekah Baines mother of Lyndon B. Johnson. A Baptist minister Rev.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at Second and Quay Streets in Dardanelle Arkansas.It was built in 1912-14 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Madina Mosque or Madina Masjid also known as the Wolseley Road Mosque is the first purpose-built mosque in Sheffield South Yorkshire England. After some problems with funding the project was completed in October 2006. Users of the mosque raised several million pounds to pay for the new mosque and Islamic centre which includes 19 rooms and two large halls a library and a day centre. The project is estimated to have cost £5 million.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at 316 Adams Street in Toledo Ohio. It was built in 1863 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Church of Holy Trinity (Belarusian: Касцёл Найсвяцейшай Тройцы) also known as St. Roch on the Golden Hill is a Roman Catholic church in Minsk.In the 1930s the church was closed and the valuables removed by the Soviet authorities. Renovation of the church started in 1983.
 The Kearny Public Library is free public library of Kearny New Jersey. Containing a collection of 85254 volumes it serves a population of approximately 46000 from two locations and circulates 64808 items annually. The main library is one of New Jersey's Carnegie libraries.The Kearny Museum on the upper floor of the main library is a history museum that houses local displays about the town.
 St. Mary's Orthopaedic Hospital is a public hospital located in Cork Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides orthopaedic services for the population of County Cork. In 2008 the hospital served 11580 out-patients and 2240 in-patients with an average stay of 9.0 nights. 65.5% of patients were elective admissions. The hospital saw 1257 day cases in the same year.
 Kowloon Hospital (Chinese: 九龍醫院) is a general care hospital at Prince Edward Road in Mong Kok of Kowloon in Hong KongThe hospital used to be an acute hospital with accident and emergency service. It was later converted to a chronic hospital to provide extended supportive care to patients from Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The hospital has specialist services in psychiatry rehabilitation respiratory medicine and geriatrics.
 The Community House at 284 Bay Road in Hamilton Massachusetts is a historic social and civic community building serving the towns of Hamilton and Wenham.
 Villa Maria Motherhouse Complex or Felician Sisters Immaculate Heart of Mary Convent Chapel and Convent is a historic Roman Catholic convent and school complex located at Cheektowaga in Erie County New York. It is included in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. It was constructed in 1927 and is a three-part Gothic Revival building that was built for the Felician Sisters of St. Francis to house a boarding and day high school public and private chapels and the Motherhouse/Novitiate.
 Robeline Methodist Church is a historic church on Texas Street LA 6 in Robeline Louisiana.It was built in 1883 in a Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Durant-Dort Carriage Company Office is a historic office building located at 316 West Water Street in Flint Michigan. This office building was the focal point of William C. Durant's efforts in building first carriages and then automobiles and is the only extant building closely associated with Durant. It was here that pivotal decisions were made in the development and financing of the Buick Motor Company the beginning of Chevrolet and Durant's founding of General Motors.
 Holy Trinity Church is an Anglican parish church in the centre of Kingston upon Hull East Riding of Yorkshire England.
 Spring Mills Historic District is a national historic district located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It encompasses five contributing buildings constructed between about 1790 and 1922 and two contributing sites. They include the Falling Waters Presbyterian Church (1834) and Manse (1922) and Stephen Hammond Mill (c. 1790) Miller's House (c. 1790) and Spring House (c. 1800). The buildings are of masonry construction.
 Brown's Gatehouse (also known as the Dean's Eye) in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct the Liberty of St Andrew which encloses the twelfth century Cathedral the Bishop's Palace Vicar's Close and the residences of the clergy who serve the cathedral.The Brown's Gatehouse was built around 1451 by Bishop Thomas Beckington (also spelt Beckyngton) and provides the entrance to the Bishop's Place from Sadler Street.
 Fort Ridgely was a United States Army outpost (1853–1867) near the Dakota reservation in southwestern Minnesota (located near Fairfax). Built between 1853–1855 it played an important role in the Dakota War of 1862. The Battle of Fort Ridgely was fought there in two engagements over August 20–22 1862 between Army volunteers and refugees from the Minnesota River valley and Dakota forces.The Army abandoned the Fort in 1867 and moved westward.
 The Glensheen Historic Estate is a historic mansion on Lake Superior owned by the University of Minnesota Duluth. Glensheen sits on 7.6 acres (3.1 ha) of lake front property has 38 rooms and is built in the Jacobean architectural tradition inspired by the Beaux-Arts styles of the era. The mansion was constructed as the family home of Chester Adgate Congdon. The building was designed by Minnesota architect Clarence H.
 L. G. Sherman Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story rectangular brick building with a high basement. It is eight bays wide by two bays and has a flat roof. It is a few doors from the R. K. Schnader & Sons Tobacco Warehouse. It has been converted to residential use.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Coastal States Building is a skyscraper located in Downtown Atlanta Georgia United States at 260 Peachtree Street. The building was completed in 1971 and designed by Sidney R. Barrett & Associates. It has 27 floors. The building underwent a $28 million renovation that was completed in 2001. It is similar in design to Regions Center in Birmingham Alabama.
 The Church of Saint Athanasius on Via Tiburtina (Italian: Sant'Atanasio a Via Tiburtina Latin: S. Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built as a parish church. It was consecrated 11 March 1961 by Cardinal Clemente Micara. On 28 June 1991 Pope John Paul II granted it a titular church as a seat for Cardinals.The present Cardinal Priest of the Titulus San Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam is Gabriel Zubeir Wako.
 Huguenot House also known as Homestead Farm and Naudain House is a historic home located at Taylors Bridge New Castle County Delaware. Historical records from the 19th century suggest it was built about 1711 and certainly before 1725. It is a two-story four bay brick dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 2-story brick addition which was at one time a separate kitchen.
 The Bass Island Brownstone Company Quarry also known as the Basswood Island Quarry on Basswood Island in Lake Superior was operational from 1868 to 1893. The brownstone was first used for construction of the second Milwaukee County Courthouse now demolished. The quarry now filled with water is about 200 feet (61 m) long and about 25 feet (7.6 m) deep. Blocks of sandstone remain together with the rusting remains of quarrying machinery.
 The IBM Somers Office Complex is a complex of five office buildings owned and occupied by IBM in Somers New York United States. Situated on a 730-acre (3.0 km2) campus I.M. Pei designed pyramid of glass structures house regional headquarters for the IBM corporation. Described as a futuristic fortress the 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) complex is an example of modernist architecture.
 Hurley Medical Center is a teaching hospital serving Genesee Lapeer and Shiawassee counties in eastern Michigan since December 19 1908. Situated in Flint Michigan it is a 443-bed public non-profit hospital. The emergency department is an ACS verified Level I Trauma Center and Level II Pediatric Trauma Center.
 Kitovu Hospital is a hospital in Kitovu a neighborhood within the city of Masaka Masaka District Central Uganda. It is a private community hospital serving the town of Masaka and surrounding areas. It runs a specialist program to repair obstetric fistulas; one of about six centers in the country that can do so.
 The Kintner-McGrain House also known as Cedar Glade is on the National Register of Historic Places located north of downtown Corydon Indiana. It attained the Cedar Glade name due to the giant red cedars Jacob Kinter the builder planted in front of the house. It has been owned by three different families: Kintners (1808) McGrains(1849) and Bennetts (1998).
 St Paul's Church Gulworthy is a Church of England Church in Gulworthy Devon and is one of the central buildings in the disparate parish together with the neighbouring school. It is a Grade II listed building.
 Kenwood Town Place is a shopping center located at corner of Montgomery (U.S. Route 22/Ohio State Route 3) and Kenwood Roads adjacent to Interstate 71 northeast of Cincinnati behind Kenwood Towne Centre.
 The Masonic Temple Building located at 133 Fayetteville Street in Raleigh North Carolina was the state's first reinforced concrete skyscraper. Constructed in 1907 by Masons the building represents the growth of Raleigh in the early 20th century and rise of the influence of Masons.
 Roonstrasse Synagogue located in Cologne Germany is one of the five pre-Nazi synagogues of the locality which was destroyed on November 9 1938 during nation-wide attacks on Jewish-owned property (Kristallnacht) when Germany was under Nazi rule. The synagogue was subsequently rebuilt during the 1950s. It is currently a center of Jewish community of Cologne and consists of a community center a small display of items associated with Cologne Jewry and a kosher restaurant.
 Rev. Asahel Norton Homestead is a historic home and farm complex located at Kirkland in Oneida County New York. The home was built about 1797 and is a two story wood frame structure with a five bay center hall configuration in a vernacular Federal style. Also on the property are the original well chicken coop and animal barn and fruit orchard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Jewelers Building at 15-17 Wabash Avenue between East Monroe and East Madison Streets in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States was built in 1881-1882 and was designed by Dankmar Adler and Louis Sullivan. It is the only example of the early work of Adler & Sullivan that survives in the Loop.
 The Louis P. and Clara K. Best Residence and Auto House also known as Grandview Apartments and The Alamo is located in the central part of Davenport Iowa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 28 2010.
 The Museum of Richmond in Richmond London is located in Richmond's Old Town Hall close to Richmond Bridge and was formally opened by Queen Elizabeth II on 28 October 1988.
 The Greenwich Savings Bank was an American savings bank based in New York City that operated from 1833 to 1981. At the time of its closure in 1981 it was the 16th largest bank in the U.S. by total deposits.
 St. John's Church (Latvian: Svētā Jāņa Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 24 Skārņu Street.
 Hotel Metropole was a hotel in Vienna Austria1 which was constructed in 1871-73 but destroyed during World War II after serving as the headquarters of the Gestapo from 1938. The address was Morzinplatz in the I. District Innere Stadt.
 All Souls Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Tannersville in Greene County New York. It was built in 1894 as a small stone chapel in the Gothic Revival style. It was subsequently enlarged in the 1910s with the enlargement of the chancel and addition of transepts. It features a large square bell tower at the southwest corner that also serves as the principal entrance.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 First Baptist Church is located in central Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Calvary Baptist Church/First Baptist Church.
 The Tolovana Roadhouse in the Yukon-Koyukuk borough of Alaska near Nenana Alaska was built in 1925. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Tolovana and as AHRS Site No. FAI-241. The listing included three contributing buildings; it has served as a hotel.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 David Lambert House is a historic house at 150 Danbury Road in Wilton Connecticut.It was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Burgruine Dobra is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Holy Trinity Church Capenhurst is in the village of Capenhurst Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Wirral South. Its benefice is combined with that of St Oswald Backford.
 Hayground Windmill is an historic windmill at Windmill Lane in East Hampton Village New York. It was moved from Hayground to East Hampton in the 1950s.The windmill was built in 1801 and was added to the National Historic Register in 1978.Still retaining its internal machinery this windmill is unusual for Long Island in that it has a fantail to turn the sails into the wind.
 The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University Big Rapids Michigan displays a wide variety of artifacts including cartoons figurines and advertising depicting the history of racist portrayals of African Americans in American popular culture.Curator David Pilgrim explains in his essay The Garbage Man: Why I collect racist objects: I collect this garbage because I believe and know to be true that forms of intolerance can be used to teach tolerance..The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia is a collection of racist artifacts dating from the present back to the segregation era in the United States put together by Ferris State University Vice President of Diversity and Inclusion David Pilgrim. 
 Rondo 1 is an office skyscraper with a total height of 192 m located in Warsaw Poland at Rondo ONZ. The building was designed by Larry Oltmanns during his time as the Design Director for the London office of Skidmore Owings & Merrill. Epstein Architecture acted as Executive Architects. The general contractor was HOCHTIEF Poland.
 Hyde House is a historic house at 144 W. Park Street in Lee Massachusetts. The house was built in 1792 as the home of Lee's first minister Alvan Hyde. The three story colonial house features six working original fireplaces and original wide pine flooring. Rev. Hyde served as minister to Lee's First Congregational Church for 41 years; the house eventually passed to his son Alexander who opened a school at the residence.
 Westbrook Tower is a 213-foot (65 m) residential tower located at 2121 Douglas Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. The building's erection was completed in 1966 and it is 17 stories tall. It is 18th tallest building in Omaha as well as the 13th tallest in downtown.
 Bradford Industrial Museum established 1974 in Moorside Mills Eccleshill Bradford United Kingdom specializes in relics of local industry especially printing and textile machinery kept in working condition for regular demonstrations to the public. There is a Horse Emporium in the old canteen block plus a shop in the mill and entry is free of charge.
 Hapgood House built in 1726 is a historic house at 76 Treaty Elm Lane in Stow Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Iron Turbine Windmill is an historic windmill at 415 W. Gurley Street on the grounds of the Sharlot Hall Museum in Prescott Arizona. It is technically a windpump but the American term is windmill.The windmill was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1981.
 The Ralph Bristol House is a home in Ogden Utah built c. 1912 by businessman Ralph Bristol. It is located at 2480 Van Buren Avenue. The wrought iron porch roof is said to have been a gift from a French political figure. It is also rumored that Leroy Eccles build his larger and more stately house at 1029 25th Street in response to Mr. Bristol's house. (Mr. Eccles previously resided at 2555 Eccles Avenue.)
 The Lock Tender's House and Canal Store Ruin is located on Canal Road in High Falls New York United States. It is a complex along the former route of the Delaware and Hudson Canal built in the middle of the 19th century.The Lock Tender's House is one of the few surviving such structures along the length of the canal in New York or Pennsylvania. The store ruins are also one of the few remnants of the canal's ancillary buildings. Both can be seen from a nearby public trail along the canal bed.
 Levanger Church (Norwegian: Levanger kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the town of Levanger along the road Kirkegata. The church is part of the Levanger parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white stone church building was constructed in 1902 by the architect Karl Norum. The church seats about 550 people.
 Langdale Historic District is a historic district in Valley Alabama and Harris County Georgia United States. It was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 22 1991 and the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on November 12 1999. It lies primarily in Valley Alabama on the West side of the Chattahoochee River.
 The Picture Rock Pass Petroglyphs Site is in northern Lake County Oregon United States. The site is located near the summit of Picture Rock Pass on land administered by the Bureau of Land Management. The designs were scraped into a basalt boulder by ancient Native Americans probably between 7500 and 12000 years ago. No one knows the meaning of the petroglyph designs.
 Riverside Osteopathic Hospital is a defunct osteopathic hospital located in Trenton Michigan. The hospital was closed in 2002.
 Alberbury Priory was a medieval monastic house in Shropshire England.
 The Museum of Applied Arts (German: Museum für angewandte Kunst) commonly called MAK is a decorative arts museum located in Vienna Austria. The museum is located in the Innere Stadt 1st district of Vienna.
 New Cliff House also known as the Hotel Gilmore and now known as the Sylvia Beach Hotel was built in 1913 in Newport Oregon as a hotel in 1913. The hotel was built for W.D. Wheeler and was promoted by the Southern Pacific Railroad in its literature advertising the connection of Yaquina Bay to the mail rail line at Corvallis. The New Cliff House replaced an earlier boarding house (The Clff House) at the same location.
 The McIntyre Medical Sciences Building is part of the McGill University campus in Montreal Quebec Canada. A concrete building built in 1965 it is known for its circular shape.The McIntyre Building is the central hub of the McGill University Faculty of Medicine. Its sixteen floors include classrooms research facilities laboratories offices and a cafeteria.
 Rampton Secure Hospital is a high security psychiatric hospital near the village of Woodbeck between Retford and Rampton in the Bassetlaw District of Nottinghamshire England. It is situated 2.3 km (1.4 mi) west-south-west of Rampton village at Ordnance Survey grid reference SK 775 776 GB Grid.
 Minneapolis City Hall and Hennepin County Courthouse (also known as the Municipal Building) designed by Long and Kees in 1888 is the main building used by the city government of Minneapolis Minnesota as well as by Hennepin County Minnesota. The structure has served many different purposes since it was built although today the building is 60 percent occupied by the city and 40 percent occupied by the County.
 The Great Synagogue (Polish: Wielka Synagoga w Jaśle) was an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Jasło Poland. It was built in 1905 and was destroyed by the German Army during World War II. After the war a restaurant was built in its site. The Forest Hill Jewish Centre announced plans to rebuild the façade of the Jasło Synagogue as the façade of its new building on Spadina Road in Toronto Canada.
 Surfcomber is a boutique hotel in the historic art-deco district of South Beach Miami Florida. The Surfcomber was built in 1948. It was acquired by the Kimpton hotel chain in April 2011 and reopened after a full renovation by Kimpton on December 1 2011. The hotel managed to sell out in the opening week which occurred during Art Basel Miami Beach.
 Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles originally built as the United Artists Building and later known as the Texaco Building is a 74 m (243 ft) 13-story highrise hotel and theater building located at 937 South Broadway in downtown Los Angeles California. It was the tallest building in the city for one year after its completion in 1927 and was the tallest privately owned structure in Los Angeles until 1956. Its style is Spanish Gothic patterned after Segovia Cathedral in Segovia Spain.
 Bristol County Jail is an historic jail at 48 Court Street in Bristol Rhode Island and home to the Bristol Historical and Preservation Society.The jail was built in 1828 with stone ballast from local sailing ships. A large addition was built in the 1850s. The jail was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The building currently serves as the Historical Society headquarters.
 The Kingman Army Air Forces Flexible Gunnery School Radio Tower at 7000 Flightline Dr. in Kingman Arizona is a historic structure built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1943. It is a steel radio tower that has also been known as Kingman Army Air Field Radio Tower and as Storage Depot #41 Radio Tower.
 The Fort de l'Île Sainte-Hélène a historic site on Saint Helen's Island that belongs to the city of Montreal Quebec was constructed in the early 1820s as an arsenal in the defensive chain of forts built to protect Canada from a threat of American invasion. Although not heavily fortified it served an important purpose as the central artillery depot for all forts west. These included Fort Henry and Fort Lennox.
 First Methodist Church Building is a historic church building at 105 W. 1st Street in Atoka Oklahoma.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Lefferts-Laidlaw House is a historic home located in Wallabout Brooklyn New York New York. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story frame building in the Greek Revival style. It consists of a two-story central section with one story south ell and two story rear extension. The front facade features a portico supported by four square columns supporting a pediment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Durham's Chapel School also known as Durham's Chapel Rosenwald School is a former school for African-American children located in Gallatin Sumner County Tennessee that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Waldensian Presbyterian Church is a historic Waldensian church at 104 East Main Street in Valdese North Carolina.
 First Congregational Church and Cemetery is a historic Congregational church and cemetery on US 9 at Elizabethtown-Lewis Road in Lewis Essex County New York. It was built between 1823 and 1834 and slightly modified in the late 19th century. It is a rectangular gable roofed frame building sheathed in clapboard siding. It features a large central bell tower with an elegant Federal style belfry topped by a bell cast roof.
 Butler Historic District is a national historic district located at Butler Butler County Pennsylvania. The district includes 128 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 4 contributing objects in the central business district of Butler. It includes primarily commercial and institutional buildings with some residential buildings built between about 1828 and 1952 in a number of popular architectural styles including Late Victorian. Notable buildings include the City Hall former U.S.
 Hodgin Hall previously known at various times as the University Building Main Building or Administration Building is a historic building on the University of New Mexico campus in Albuquerque New Mexico. Completed in 1892 it was the first building constructed on the UNM campus and the university's only building for almost a decade.
 The Ranger's Dormitory at the South Rim of Grand Canyon National Park was built in 1920-21. Originally built as a worker's dormitory it was converted for ranger use in 1927. The stone building was designed by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and is a precursor of the later National Park Service Rustic style.The dormitory is one of the earliest National Park Service-built structures at the South Rim.
 Sauvey Castle is an early medieval ringwork and bailey castle and is a Scheduled Ancient Monument in the civil parish or Withcote Leicestershire (grid reference SK78680525). The castle was built sometime between 1135–1154.
 The Taitung Story Museum (Chinese: 台東故事館; pinyin: Táidōng Gùshìguǎn) or Eslite Taitung Story Museum is a museum in Taitung City Taitung County Taiwan.
 Northwestern Master of Product Design and Development Management (MPD²) is an educational program within the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern University. The MPD² program's goal is attuned to the abilities desires and needs of humanity. Coupling their human-centered design with the practical realities of technology and organizations the MPD² program seeks an education that leads to innovation and profitable products. The MPD² program is directed by Walter B.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Jubilee Hospital (QE II) is a public hospital located in Coopers Plains Brisbane Australia. The hospital was officially opened on 26 September 1980.The hospital originally was developed to be a site for future expansion of the Mater Children's Hospital a center for servicing the needs of the Commonwealth Games held nearby and a range of other initiatives that never eventuated.
 Greenwood Union Church is a historic church at 4 Oak Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The church was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1989.The early beginnings of the Greenwood Union Church can be traced through historical records to the mid-1850s when the Sunday School was organized under the leadership of Henry Degan. The founders met in the unoccupied room of the Greenwood School house (also referred to as the old Hose House).
 The Rosaly-Batiz House (Spanish: Residencia Rosaly-Batiz) is a historic building located on Villa street in Barrio Primero in Ponce Puerto Rico in the city's historic district. The building dates from 1897. It was designed by Manuel V. Domenech a Puerto Rican architect that was responsible for designing various other now-historic buildings. Domenech built this residence for Ponce mayor Pedro Juan Rosaly.
 The American Woolen Mill Housing District is a residential historic district at 300-328 Market Street in Lawrence Massachusetts. It consists of nine multiunit tenements built in the first decade of the 20th century. The are situated in a roughly oval pattern around a central courtyard a distinctive pattern designed to provide open space while maximizing housing density.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Church of St. Nicholas (Serbian: Crkva svetog Nikole Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Николе) in Jagodnjak is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia.
 Crowther House is a historic home located at Westhampton Beach in Suffolk County New York. It is a large two story wood frame house in the Shingle Style and built in 1910. It features a gambrel roof with long shed dormers. Also on the property is a detached garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Jackson City Hall located in Jackson Mississippi is the seat of municipal government.
 Ellis Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Ellis Hollow Community Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Ellis Hollow in Tompkins County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 William Campbell House in Stamping Ground Kentucky was built in 1790. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Abbey Ditcheat (formerly known as The Priory) is a large house at Ditcheat in Somerset built as the rectory by John Gunthorpe who was rector of Ditcheat and Dean of Wells in 1473. The house was altered in 1667 for Christopher Coward; and given a new facade and rearranged internally in 1864–68 probably by James Piers St Aubyn for Rev. William Leir.
 A concession stand (American English) snack kiosk or snack bar (British English Irish English) is a place where patrons can purchase snacks or food at a cinema fair stadium or other entertainment venue. Some events or venues contract out the right to sell food to third parties. Those contracts are often referred to as a concession — hence the name for a stand where food is sold.
 Madison Green is the town green of the New England town of Madison Connecticut. The Green is centrally located in the Madison Green Historic District located just west of the commercial strip of Madison. The Green is bounded by the Boston Post Road (U.S. Route 1) on the south Meeting House Lane on the east and north and Copse Road on the west. Surrounding the Green are several buildings most prominent being the First Congregational Church (built in 1838).
 Notre Dame Church and Goldsmith Memorial Chapel is located in Chippewa Falls Wisconsin. On April 7 1983 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse.
 The George Sturges House is a single-family house designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built for George D. Sturges in the Brentwood Heights neighborhood of Brentwood Los Angeles California. Designed and built in 1939 the one-story residence is fairly small 1200 square feet (110 m2) but features a 21-foot panoramic deck. The home is made out of concrete steel brick and redwood.
 The Chris Jorgenson Studio is a one room log building built in 1904 as an artist's studio for Chris Jorgenson in the Yosemite Valley. Jorgenson an instructor and assistant director of the California School of Fine Arts arrived in Yosemite in the 1890s. Jorgenson studied and depicted local native Americans from 1899 collecting native basketwork. The National Park Service acquired the Jorgenson Studio in 1919 calling it the Yosemite Museum.
 The Archaeological Museum of Dion (Greek: Αρχαιολογικό Μουσείο Δίου) is a museum in Dion in the Pieria regional unit of Central Macedonia Greece.The museum was established in 1983 to display excavations unearthed in the area from a fortified city that once stood in its place from the 6th century BC to the 5th century AD. The artifacts of the museum were also discovered in Olympus and the wider Pieria regional unit.
 Atlanta Medical Center is a hospital in Atlanta Georgia operated by Tenet Healthcare. It has 460 beds and over 700 physicians a Level I trauma center a Level III neonatal unit and supports air ambulance service via heliport. It was formerly known as Georgia Baptist Hospital.
 John P. Conn House is a historic home located at Uniontown Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1906 and is a large 2 1/2-story square brownstone dwelling in the Colonial Revival style. It has a slate-covered hipped roof with gable dormer. It features a colossal balconied porch with paired Corinthian order columns. Also on the property is a contributing wood frame garage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Graceland in Elkins West Virginia is a historic mansion that was the summer home of Henry Gassaway Davis a United States Senator from 1871–1883. The mansion was completed in 1893. It is listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places and is a designated National Historic Landmark.
 The Pinnacle@Duxton (Chinese: 达士岭) (previously known as Duxton Plain Public Housing) is a 2.5-hectare residential complex located at 1 Cantonment Road Singapore.The project consists of seven connected 50-storey towers labelled 1A to 1G with a total of 1848 units.
 Our Lady Queen of Peace Church Richmond is a Roman Catholic church in Sheen Road Richmond London. As it is close to Richmond's boundary with East Sheen it is often known as Our Lady Queen of Peace Church East Sheen. It was the first church to be designed by architect F G (Frank) Broadbent (1909–1983) (of Goodhart-Rendel Broadbent and Curtis). 	 	 The Rt Reverend Monsignor Cyril Cowderoy Roman Catholic Bishop of Southwark laid the foundation stone in November 1953.
 St. Finbarr's Hospital is a public hospital on the South Douglas Road Cork city Ireland. It is the main maternity hospital children's hospital and blood donation centre in Cork city.
 The Montgomery is a 404-foot (123 m) tall 26-story skyscraper in Near North Side Chicago Illinois. It was built in 1972 as part of the Montgomery Ward Company Complex to serve as a corporate headquarters. The architect was Minoru Yamasaki who also designed the World Trade Center at the same time. In 2005–2006 it was converted to residential use.
 The Suho Paper Memorial Museum (Chinese: 樹火紀念紙博物館; pinyin: Shùhuǒ Jìniàn Zhǐ Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Zhongshan District Taipei Taiwan.
 Canadian Pacific Plaza is a 383-ft (117 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was completed in 1960 and has 28 floors. It is the 21st-tallest building in the city. It is the first major post-World War II skyscraper built in Minneapolis. It is also the tallest building completed in the 1960s. The New York Life Insurance Building was demolished to make way for this building.
 The Small Carpathian Museum (aka Little Carpathian Museum) in Pezinok Bratislava Slovakia is a local museum with an emphasis on wine making.
 The Marine Air Terminal (Terminal A) at LaGuardia Airport in New York City remains the only active airport terminal dating from the first generation of passenger travel in the United States—the Golden age of the flying boat. Originally built to handle seaplanes the Marine Air Terminal an Art Deco building designed in 1939 by William Delano of the firm Delano & Aldrich consists of a central circular core of two stories with an attic from which a rectangular entrance pavilion and two symmetrically opposed one-story wings project. 
 The Walker Art Center is a multidisciplinary contemporary art center in Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The Walker is considered one of the nation's big five museums for modern art along with the Museum of Modern Art the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art the Guggenheim Museum and the Hirshhorn. Begun in 1879 as the personal art gallery of lumberman Thomas Barlow Walker it was formally established as a public art gallery in 1927—the first of its kind in the Upper Midwest.
 The Wakelon School is a historic educational building located in Zebulon North Carolina a suburb of Raleigh. Wakelon was designed by architect Charles E. Hartge and was built in 1908. It served as an elementary school until the student population became too large for the facility. GlaxoSmithKline purchased Wakelon School from the Town of Zebulon in 1986 and used the building for office space. In March 2007 voters approved to repurchase Wakelon to be used as the new town hall.
 The James Drane House is a historic home located at Accident Garrett County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story long rectangular log and frame structure with a pitched gable roof and an exterior stone chimney. A small cemetery about 100 yards to the north marks the site of Zion Lutheran Church (dedicated in 1851) and includes a simple brown fieldstone headstone marked J.D.
 Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi Hotel is built across the F1 Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi.
 The Queens Museum formerly the Queens Museum of Art is an art museum and educational center located in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in the borough of Queens in New York City United States.
 Hermitage and Monastery of Saint Peter Koriški (Serbian: Испосница и манастир Светог Петра Коришког Isposnica i manastir Svetog Petra Koriškog) is a ruin of the hermitage and monastery located in Koriša Prizren municipality Kosovo. The monastery and hermitage are on the same location.
 Animal is a restaurant located in Los Angeles United States and known for its bacon dishes. The restaurant opened in the spring of 2008.
 Rehoboth Methodist Church is a historic church in Skinnersville North Carolina.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Château de Loches is a castle located in the département of Indre-et-Loire in the Loire valley in France; it was constructed in the 9th century. Built some 500 metres (1600 ft) above the Indre River the huge castle famous mostly for its massive square keep dominates the town of Loches. The castle was captured by King Philip II of France in 1204. In 1985 it was converted into a museum and has one of the most extensive collections of medieval armour in France[citation needed].
 Tuntex Sky Tower or the T & C Tower or 85 SKYTOWER (the Tuntex & Chien-Tai Tower; Chinese: 高雄85大樓; pinyin: Gāoxióng 85 Dàlóu) is an 85-floor skyscraper located in Lingya District Kaohsiung Taiwan. The structure is 347.5 m (1140 ft) high. An antenna pushes the building height to 378 m (1240 ft). Constructed from 1994 to 1997 it is the tallest skyscraper in Kaohsiung and was the tallest in Taiwan until the completion of Taipei 101. The building was designed by C.Y.
 The Worms Synagogue also known as Rashi Shul is an 11th-century synagogue located in Worms Germany.
 The Discovery Museum and Planetarium is a hands-on science museum in Bridgeport Connecticut that serves as both a tourist destination and an educational resource for area schools. The museum hosts three creative traveling exhibits each year and has permanent space sound and electricity galleries. The Discovery Museum was founded in 1958 and opened to the public in 1962.
 The Glen M. and Roxie Walbeck House at 12875 S. Boulter St. in Draper Utah was built during c.1935-1952 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.The house is historically significant for its association with the poultry industry in Draper. It was home of Glen M. Walbeck who was a coal miner and a professional baseball player and his wife Roxie. The home had chicken coops in the back.
 The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) is a museum of world culture and natural history based in Toronto Ontario. It is one of the largest museums in North America attracting over one million visitors every year.
 William W. Van Ness House also known as Talavera is a historic home located at Claverack in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1818 and is a Federal-style residence. It is composed of central 2-story two-bay main block flanked by two 1 1⁄2-story wings. The wings are connected to the main house by single-story entrance hyphens. The entrance features a 2-story central portico.
 Westfield Montgomery (formerly Montgomery Mall) is an upscale shopping complex in Bethesda Maryland on Democracy Boulevard near Interstate 270 and the Capital Beltway (I-495).
 The Kimbell Art Museum in Fort Worth Texas hosts a small but excellent art collection as well as traveling art exhibitions educational programs and an extensive research library. Its initial artwork came from the private collection of Kay and Velma Kimbell who also provided funds for a new building to house it.The building was designed by renowned architect Louis I. Kahn and is widely recognized as one of the most significant works of architecture of recent times.
 The Hubbard House (also known as San Sui) is a historic site in Crescent City Florida United States. It is located at 600 North Park Street. On August 14 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Pointe of St. Paul is a condominium high-rise located in downtown St. Paul Minnesota.It was completed in 1988. It is 340 feet (103.63 meters) tall and has 33 floors. It was originally constructed as an apartment highrise. It was converted to owner occupied condominiums in early 2003.The building features 290 residential units. A mixture of studio 1 bedroom and 2 bedroom units.
 Broad Street Baptist Church was a former Baptist Church in Nottingham from 1818 to 1901. The building is now occupied by the Revolution bar.
 High Desert State Prison is a state prison in unincorporated Clark County Nevada near Indian Springs. It is the largest institution of the Nevada Department of Corrections and the newest having opened on September 1 2000.
 Tora Prison or Tura Prison (Arabic: سجن طرة‎ sijn ṭura; Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [siɡn tˤurˤɑ]) is an Egyptian prison complex for criminal and political detainees located in front of the Tora El-Balad metro in Tora South-west Helwan Governorate South Cairo.
 The Halton County Radial Railway is a working museum of electric streetcars other railway vehicles trolleybusses and buses. It is operated by the Ontario Electric Railway Historical Association (OERHA). It is focused primarily on the history of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) with a collection including PCC and Peter Witt cars earlier streetcars and Gloucester series and Montreal-built subway cars.The museum is open to the public with rides on many of its vehicles.
 Château de Vaugoubert is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France. It became a Historic Monument in 1948.
 Frías Castle is the castle of the Dukes of Frías located in Frías (Burgos province) overlooking the Tobalina valley. It was built between the 12th and 15th century.
 The Sumers Lodge in Glenwood Springs Colorado is a rustic log house built in 1935 for New York financier George Sumers. It was designed by Chilson Aldrich and some of its furnishings were designed and made by Thomas C. Molesworth.The Sumers Lodge is a large two story rectangular log structure with a projecting sun porch on the entrance side. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist of Badajoz (Spanish: Catedral metropolitana de San Juan Bautista de Badajoz) is a Roman Catholic cathedral church in Badajoz Extremadura western Spain. Since 1994 together with the Co-cathedral of Saint Mary Major of Mérida it is the seat of the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.
 Hewson Cox House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1854 and is a two-story three bay cross-shaped stuccoed stone dwelling in the Rural Gothic-Cottage style. It has a steeply pitched four-gable roof and features a central projecting bay with tudor-arched openings. It has a 1 1/2-story rear kitchen ell. It was renovated in 1904.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 John H. Nelson House is a historic building in Fallowfield Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 District Schoolhouse No. 2 is an historic school on Old Post Road in Charlestown Rhode Island.The school was built in 1838 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Fayette Mall is a regional shopping mall in Lexington Kentucky located at 3401 Nicholasville Road in southern Lexington. It is one of the largest malls in the state of Kentucky. The mall is anchored by JCPenney Macy's Dillard's and Dick's Sporting Goods.
 The Musketaquid Mills is a historic mill building at 131 Davidson Street in Lowell Massachusetts. It is the only mill building remaining on the east side of the Concord River in the city's Belvidere section. The four story brick building was built in stages beginning in 1909 with the construction of six bays of three stories. Between 1912 and 1925 it underwent two major expansions to reach its present four stories and fourteen bays.
 Jacob Mixsell House also known as the Northampton County Historical and Genealogical Society is a historic home located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1833 and is a 2 1/2 story brick building in the Late Federal style. A rear addition was built about 1850. The interior features five fireplaces with marble mantles believed to be from King of Prussia Pennsylvania.
 St Botolph's Church Shepshed is the Church of England Parish Church in Shepshed Leicestershire.
 Farrand-Pierson House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The house is a T shaped structure. The main section of the house was built about 1860 in the Greek Revival style while the rear wing appears to incorporate an earlier house dating to about 1830. Also on the property are a small barn hog house and chicken house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Tuckwiller Tavern also known as Valley View Stock FarmInc. and Wilson Farm is a historic tavern located at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built between 1826 and 1828 and is a large two-story (plus basement) rectangular brick building with a one-story ell in an early rusticated Greek Revival style. It sits on a fieldstone foundation and features a portico supported by four massive white wooden columns. Also on the property is a brick smokehouse.
 Prince of Orange Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall in Orangeburg South Carolina United States. It is located on the northern end of town at the edge of the city limits. The current anchor tenants are JCPenney Belk and Sears the latter of which will close on May 5 2013.
 The Woodlawn Historic District in Natchez Mississippi is a 97-acre (39 ha) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The listing included 360 contributing buildings.Woodlawn was an estate owned by the Beaumont family that was subdivided in 1867 into building lots which were sold to African-Americans. This original area is bounded by what is now Bishop St. N. Union Martin Luther King St. and Woodlawn St.
 The East Capitol Car Barn also known as The Car Barn Condominiums is an historic building located at 1400 East Capitol Street Northeast Washington D.C. in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 The A. S. Bradford House also known as The Bradford House is a historic home in Placentia California. It was the home of Albert Sumner Bradford who founded Placentia by arranging for establishment of a water tank along the railway. Homes and businesses within a one mile radius could get water.Designed by James Stafford the Georgian Revival style Colonial Revival house was built in 1902.
 Quanjude (Chinese: 全聚德; pinyin: Quánjùdé SZSE: 002186) is a Chinese restaurant known for its trademark Quanjude Peking Roast Duck and its longstanding culinary heritage since its establishment in 1864 in Beijing China.
 Peterborough Regional Health Centre (PRHC) was established in January 1999 following a directive from the Ontario Hospital Restructuring Commission. It is a combination of the former Peterborough Civic Hospital and St. Joseph's Health Centre previously operating from those two locations in the City of Peterborough Ontario Canada.
 Neck of Land Cemetery is a small historic cemetery on Summer Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The burying ground was built in 1687 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985. It was Taunton's first cemetery.
 The Montgomery Saltbox Houses are a pair of historic saltbox houses in Montgomery Ohio United States. Built in 1800 they were constructed as homes for some of the city's founding families who settled in the area in the spring of 1795 after travelling from Montgomery in eastern New York in the aftermath of the signing of the Treaty of Greenville.
 The Yosemite Transportation Company Office also known as the Wells Fargo Office was built in the Yosemite Valley in 1910 to house facilities of motor stage and horse stage services between the nearest rail terminal at El Portal and Yosemite National Park. The rustic log structure also provided telegraph and express services.
 La Trompette is a restaurant located in Chiswick London. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 The Historic Railpark and Train Museum formerly the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Station in Bowling Green Kentucky is located in the historic railroad station. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979. Opened in 1925 the standing depot is the third Louisville & Nashville Railroad depot that served Bowling Green.
 The Sports Museum of America (SmA) was the United States' first national sports museum dedicated to the history and cultural significance of sports in America.
 The Whitney-Farrington-Cook House was a historic house at 385 Trapelo Road in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1858 and was a good example of Italianate styling. It had a three-bay facade with a single-story porch across the facade which is supported by Tuscan columns. The main entry was flanked by sidelights and simple pilasters and topped by an entablature.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Vinton School was built as a fourteen-room elementary school in 1908 at 2120 Deer Park Boulevard in the Deer Park neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. Designed by Omaha architect Frederick W. Clarke Vinton School is the earliest and most elaborate example of a Tudor Revival-style school in Omaha. Designated an Omaha Landmark in June 1990 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in November 1989.
 Prudence Crandall House also known as Elisha Payne House and as the Prudence Crandall School for Negro Girls is a historic house in Canterbury Connecticut. It is notable for having been the home of Prudence Crandall the abolitionist and educator and the school which she ran from 1832 until 1834 when it was closed by mob violence. The building is now home to the Prudence Crandall Museum.
 The Schauspielhaus Zürich (English: Zürich playhouse) is one of the most prominent and important[citation needed] theatres in the German-speaking world. It is also known as Pfauenbühne (Pfauen Stage). The large theatre has 750 seats. The Schauspielhaus also operates three stages in the Schiffbau in the western part of Zurich the Schiffbau/Halle (400 seats) the Schiffbau/Box (up to 200 seats) and the Schiffbau/Matchbox (80 seats).
 St. John's Church also known as Grub Hill Church is a historic Episcopalian church located near Chula Amelia County Virginia. It was built in 1852 and is a one-story brick gable roofed structure in a vernacular Gothic Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Frederick C. Bogk House is Frank Lloyd Wright's only single-family residential project in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Bogk was an alderman and secretary-treasurer of the Ricketson Paint Works. This house embodies Wright's prairie style elements into a solid-looking structure that appears impregnable.
 St. Mary's Church (Kirchengemeinde St. Marien) is a Lutheran church in the Fuhlsbüttel quarter of Hamburg. It was designed by local architects Bernhard Hopp and Rudolf Jäger.The church was dedicated on February 14 1960. The twelve small stained-glass windows in the choir loft were made by Charles Crodel who also created the windows for the main church of St. James's and the parish church of St. Matthew's in the quarter of Winterhude.
 The M-26–Silver River Culvert is a highway bridge located on M-26 over the Silver River in Eagle Harbor Township Michigan. The Keweenaw County Road Commission built the bridge in 1930; they also built the US 41–Fanny Hooe Creek Bridge and the M-26–Cedar Creek Culvert around the same time. The M-26–Silver River Culvert was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 US Post Office-Far Rockaway is a historic post office building located at Far Rockaway in Queens County New York United States. It was built in 1935 and is one of six post offices in New York State designed by architect Eric Kebbon as a consultant to the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a two story brick building with limestone trim and a low granite base in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Jefferson Trust Company is located in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1912 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 13 1986. The original trust company failed during the Great Depression and the building passed on to a succession of owners. The building was constructed using granite and brick. Much of the original plaster interior remains intact.
 The Hotel Charlottetown was built by the Canadian National Railway in 1931 in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island.Its most notable guests were Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip Duke of Edinburgh who stayed at the hotel during Prince Edward Island's centennial Confederation celebrations in July 1973.Canadian National Hotels sold the property to Rodd Hotels and Resorts in the early 1980s.
 San Giovanni Elemosinario is a church of Venice northern Italy dedicated to Saint John the Almsgiver.This church was founded in 1071 and was completely destroyed by the disastrous Rialto fire in 1514. The church was rebuilt by Antonio Abbondi called Scarpagnino. The painter Antonio Vassilacchi worked here in the 16th century.
 The Hays House is an historic Greek Revival house near Lorman Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 10 2009. The Hays House is one of a few Greek Revival cottages in Mississippi to have a full-façade gallery. The property was the Highlighted Property of the Week when the National Park Service released its weekly list of March 20 2009.
 Hedge Lawn is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1870 and is an unusual 2 1⁄2-story mansion designed in a composite style with Greek Revival and Second Empire style elements. It features a Mansard roof with scalloped slate shingles three pedimented dormers and a monumental portico across the front elevation supported by six massive Doric order columns.
 Nickelodeon Suites Resort (also known as Nick Hotel) formerly known as Nickelodeon Family Suites is a child-centered hotel in Orlando Florida USA near the Universal Orlando Resort and one mile from Walt Disney World Resort.It is known for both its Nickelodeon themed rooms and its two waterparks. The Lagoon Pool and Oasis Pool have heated pools 13 slides and flumes interactive water towers poolside games and activities private cabanas and daily poolside shows with green slime.
 Castle Rock is the estate of former Illinois Central Railroad president William H. Osborn in Garrison New York United States. It sits on the hill of the same name looking down on the Hudson River 620 feet (190 m) below.
 Forum Restaurant (Traditional Chinese: 富臨飯店) is a Cantonese restaurant established in 1977 at 1/F Sino Plaza Causeway Bay Hong Kong. Run by Hong Kong's international chef and ambassador of the Chinese cuisine Yeung Koon Yat (traditional Chinese: 楊貫一) it is one of the most famous eateries in Hong Kong. The restaurant is frequented by the rich and famous of Hong Kong (many of whom are regulars) and is not traditionally an expatriate or tourist attraction.
 The Class and Nachod Brewery is located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1911 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 31 2003.
 The Sprague–Marshall–Bowie House also known as the G.T. Gray House is a historic Italianate style house in Portland Oregon that was built in 1882. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The William H. Welch House is a three-story rowhouse located at 935 St. Paul Street Baltimore Maryland and is notable as the residence of William H. Welch from 1891 to 1908. Welch was one of the Big Four founding professors at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
 St Leonard's Church is the parish church of Sandridge a small village in Hertfordshire England.
 Cahuenga Branch is the third oldest branch library in the Los Angeles Public Library system. Located at 4591 Santa Monica Boulevard in the East Hollywood section of Los Angeles it was built in 1916 with a grant from Andrew Carnegie. One of three surviving Carnegie libraries in Los Angeles it has been designated as a Historic-Cultural Monument and listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Mary of the Seven Sorrows Church (commonly St. Mary's Catholic Church and formerly the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin of the Seven) is a historic Catholic parish in downtown Nashville Tennessee. Its church at 330 5th Avenue N. in Nashville Tennessee built in 1845 it is the oldest extant church in Nashville and the oldest Catholic church in what is now the Diocese of Nashville. St.
 Broadmoor Baptist Church is a Southern Baptist church located in Memphis Tennessee.Broadmoor Baptist Church is one of more than 42000 churches that are affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.
 Chevron House formerly called Caltex House is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 30 Raffles Place in the financial district of Raffles Place. The building is near several buildings and landmarks such as Singapore Land Tower Hitachi Tower Change Alley and The Arcade all of which are less than 100 metres (110 yd) away. The development has direct underground access to Raffles Place MRT Station.
 Brampton is a historic home located at Chestertown Kent County Maryland. It is a transitional Greek Revival / Italianate-influenced dwelling built about 1860. The main section of the house is a three story structure constructed of brick with a symmetrical five-bay-wide facade and a depth of two bays. A two story frame wing extends from the rear.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Medway Megaliths is the collective name given to a group of Early Neolithic chambered long barrows and other megalithic monuments located in the lower valley of the River Medway in Kent South-East England.
 St Oswald's Church Old Swan is a Roman Catholic parish church in St Oswald's Street Old Swan Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool and in St Joseph's Pastoral Area. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Kasugayama Castle (春日山城 Kasugayama-jō) was the primary fortress of the Japanese warlord Uesugi Kenshin during the Sengoku period. It is situated in what is now the city of Jōetsu Niigata prefecture and was originally built and ruled by the Nagao clan.
 The Raymond Schulz Round Barn or Raymond Schultz Round Barn is a round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois. The barn was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 26 1982 as part of the original Multiple Property Submission Round Barns in Illinois Thematic Resources.It is also known as Schultz Round Barn.The Schulz Barn was built explicitly after its owner viewed the round barns at the University of Illinois Agriculture Experiment Station.
 The Gershom Hyde House is a historic house at 29 Greenwood Street in Newton Massachusetts USA. One of the city's oldest house this Georgian style farmhouse was built c. 1744 with a later rear ell and front porch. It was probably built by Gershom Hyde one of Newton's early settlers.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Continental Clay Brick Plant in Martinsburg West Virginia includes a number of beehive brick kilns. Originally coal-fired then converted to natural gas the kilns are now largely disused except for a few used to dry sand.
 The former Bristol and West Building on Marsh Street/St Augustine's Parade Bristol was built in 1967 by Alec French and partners.Rising 61 metres with 17 stories the building was formerly used as the headquarters of the Bristol and West until early 2006. Since then major renovations have been carried out and after several delays the building reopened in May 2009 as a 176-room hotel operated by Radisson SAS. In addition to the hotel the site also includes residential apartments and shops.
 Jackson's is a restaurant in Highgate an inner suburb of Perth Western Australia. For much of its existence it has been Perth's number one special night out destination. It has won many awards and has been described by The New York Times as ... perhaps the town's top table with a formidable selection of Australian wines ....The restaurant's owner and chef English-born Neal Jackson served his apprenticeship at the Savoy Hotel in London and later worked elsewhere in that city.
 Town Center at Cobb (often called Town Center Mall) is a regional shopping mall located in Kennesaw Georgia near Atlanta.
 The Dr. Aaron Wright House is a historic home located in Springboro Ohio. It was the home of Aaron Wright (1872 - 1954) and wife Elizabeth. Before the American Civil War the property was used as a safe house on the Underground Railroad. Since 1979 the house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Christoffel Vought Farmstead commonly known as the 1759 Vought House is located in Annandale Clinton Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. Built in 1759 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 16 2008. The building is on Preservation New Jersey’s 2010 10 Most Endangered Historic Sites list. The building is located on the grounds of the Clinton Township Middle School and is owned by the Clinton Township Board of Education.
 The Bowman-Carney House is located in Dresden Maine. The house was built in 1762 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 7 1971.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist is the episcopal see of the Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Milwaukee Landmark. It is located just east of Cathedral Square Park.
 C.S.I Christ Church is located in Thattankulam. This church is a part of Tirunelveli Diocese.
 Ruddington Hall is a country house standing in the grounds of a beautiful garden in Ruddington Nottingham England. Ruddington Hall has the distinction of being included in the art work of Nikolaus Pevsner alongside the Elizabethan Wollaton Hall and Newstead Abbey ancestral home of Lord Byron.It is imbued with Pevsner's classical ethic of calm grandeur and monumental simplicity. Ruddington Hall has an interesting history which is briefly explained below.
 Old Louisville is a historic district and neighborhood in central Louisville Kentucky USA. It is the third largest such district in the United States and the largest preservation district featuring almost entirely Victorian architecture. It is also unique in that a majority of its structures are made of brick and the neighborhood contains the highest concentration of residential homes with stained glass windows in the U.S.
 Robinsons Place Butuan is a mall located in Jose S. Aquino Avenue Brgy. Bayanihan Butuan City. It is Robinsons Land's 33rd commercial center in the Philippines and the 4th Robinsons Mall in Mindanao after Robinsons Cagayan de Oro Robinsons Cybergate Davao and Robinsons Place Gensan. It covers an area of over 45300 square metres (488000 sq ft) making it the biggest than its predecessors in Mindanao. It was opened to the public on 25 November 2013.
 The Millenium Hilton is a Hilton hotel in Lower Manhattan New York City located at the southeast corner of Fulton Street and Church Street.
 The church of Tsiranavor (Armenian: Ծիրանավոր եկեղեցի; meaning Apricotish because of the color of the tufa used as a building material for the walls) is located at the edge of a gorge in the town of Ashtarak in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It may be seen across the gorge from the church of Surp Sarkis but is easiest reached via the streets of the neighborhood that it sits within.
 Gebze Center is a shopping center in the Gebze Kocaeli Turkey with 150+ stores 60000 sqm of retail area and parking.The center includes an authentic Turkish food bazaar- a traditional market place inspired by Turkish architecture and history.
 Fort Michilimackinac was an 18th-century French and later British fort and trading post in the Great Lakes of North America. Built around 1715 and abandoned in 1783 it was located along the southern shore of the strategic Straits of Mackinac connecting Lake Huron and Lake Michigan at the northern tip of the lower peninsula of the present-day state of Michigan in the United States.
 The Nelson-Reardon-Kennard House is a historic home located at Abingdon Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two-part frame house with a five-bay two-story front section built about 1785 and a three-bay one-room rear service wing. The front porch dates to 1888. It is the oldest documented frame dwelling in Harford County.The Nelson-Reardon-Kennard House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Maryland State House is located in Annapolis and is the oldest state capitol in continuous legislative use dating to 1772. It houses the Maryland General Assembly and offices of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor. The capitol has the distinction of being topped by the largest wooden dome in the United States constructed without nails. The current building which was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1960 is the third statehouse on its site.
 North Star Mall is a shopping mall in San Antonio Texas USA with anchor tenants Dillard's J.C. Penney Macy's Saks Fifth Avenue and Forever 21. The mall also has over 200 specialty stores some exclusive to the San Antonio market including Arden B Armani Exchange The Cheesecake Factory Build-A-Bear Workshop MAC Cosmetics Mont Blanc Oakley Janie & Jack just to name a few.
 Cottrell House is an historic site at 500 Waites Corner Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The Federal house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Central Falls Congregational Church is an historic church located at 376 High Street in Central Falls Rhode Island. The congregational church building was constructed in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1976..
 The McDonald Ranch in Laramie County Wyoming is a building from 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Keldholme Priory was a nunnery in North Yorkshire England. It was established between 1140-1160.
 Hull Street Station was a railroad station in the city of Richmond Virginia. It was built by the Southern Railway to replace Mill Street Station across the river in Richmond. The station which had been closed was damaged in several floods of the James River before Richmond's flood wall was completed in 1995.
 St Peter's Church Hammersmith is an Anglican church situated on Black Lion Lane and is the oldest church in Hammersmith.
 Peleș Castle (Romanian: Castelul Peleș [kasˈtelul ˈpeleʃ]) is a Neo-Renaissance castle in the Carpathian Mountains near Sinaia in Prahova County Romania on an existing medieval route linking Transylvania and Wallachia built between 1873 and 1914. Its inauguration was held in 1883.
 Great Manson Farm is a property on the northern outskirts of Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales in the Buckholt area. It is in the Manson Lane neighbourhood within the electoral division of Dixton with Osbaston. During the course of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries members of the Clarke Goode Clark Dampier and Morgan families resided at Great Manson Farm at which time the reported size of the farm varied from 170 to 200 acres.
 The Lee Creek Snowshoe Cabin was built in Glacier National Park in 1925-27 by Austin Swikert as a shelter for winter hikers. The log structure consists of a single room with wood floor unfinished walls and roof. A trap door in the floor provides access to a small cellar food cache. There is a woodstove with metal chimney.The cabin was primarily used by rangers on patrol from the Belly River ranger station. The location is close to the Chief Mountain International Highway built in 1935.
 For other uses see First National Bank Building. The First National Bank Building is a Romanesque Revival building in Ann Arbor Michigan designed by the local architectural firm of Fry and Kasurin. It stands at 210-205 South Main Street in downtown Ann Arbor.The high-rise was built in 1927 and completed in 1929. It stands at 10 floors in height and is designed with an interesting blend of Art Deco and Art moderne architectural styles. It is composed of primarily steel and terra cotta.
 St George's Church is an Anglican parish church serving Tyldesley and Shakerley in Greater Manchester England. It is part of Leigh deanery in the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. The church together with St Stephen's Church Astley and St John's Church Mosley Common is part of the united benefice of Astley Tyldesley and Mosley Common.A Waterloo Church it was founded as a chapel of ease of the parish church in Leigh in 1825 in a rapidly expanding township.
 The Federal Reserve Bank Building in Little Rock Arkansas was designed in Classical Revival style by architects Thompson & Harding. It was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Glenwood is a plantation estate with a Greek Revival house built in 1851 and outbuildings in or near Enon North Carolina.Tyre Glen or Tyree Glenn (1800–1875) built one of the largest plantations in western North Carolina in Enon. The estate known as Glenwood once had 360 slaves and 6000 acres (24 km2). The 15-room house with its Doric columns was completed in 1837. The soapstone foundation for the house came from Glen's own quarry.
 The Palmerin Hotel (also known as the Davis Islands Motor Hotel or Hudson Manor Hotel) is a historic hotel in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 115 East Davis Boulevard. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Today it serves as an assisted living facility for senior citizens.
 William B. Mann School is a historic school building located in the Wynnefield neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1924. It is a three-story nine bay by five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style.
 The Philadelphia Doll Museum is located in Philadelphia at 2253 North Broad Street along the Avenue of the Arts. It is the only known museum in the United States that emphasizes the collection and preservation of black dolls as artifacts of history and culture.
 Partnership House is a landmark tower office building in Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne United Kingdom. It is located within the Regent Centre business park and was originally built to act as the main entrance and landmark building within the headquarters complex of the Northern Rock bank prior to its near-collapse and nationalisation. It lies in the West Gosforth council ward.
 The Roux Graineterie of Carpentras founded in 1907[citation needed] at 34 rue Bel Air Carpentras in Vaucluse is an outstanding example of this industry which now has five such institutions in France of which only two are classified as historical monuments (one in Carignan in Ardennes and the other monastic barn 14th century to Blois in Loir-et-Cher ). Since the order of September 9 2005 the building is listed as monument.
 Hunter House is a historic home located near Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1820 and is a 1 1/2-story L-shaped Federal style weatherboarded building on a raised brick basement. It has a gable roof and exterior end chimneys. The five-bay façade features a pedimented porch sheltering the three central bays.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Benjamin Ferguson House is located in the southwest of Charlestown Indiana and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (1983). It was built by Ferguson in 1816 and is an example of Federal-style architecture.Benjamin Ferguson was an attorney living in Clark County Indiana at the time of Indiana's statehood in 1816. In 1824 he became an associate justice of the Clark Circuit Court.
 Riverchase Galleria locally known as The Galleria is a large upscale super–regional shopping mall in the Birmingham suburb of Hoover Alabama. It is the 43rd largest shopping mall in the United States.
 The Concord Village Historic District in Concord Michigan dates back to 1836. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. In 1996 it included 106 contributing buildings. It includes two separately-NRHP-listed properties: the Mann House and the Paddock-Hubbard House.
 Terracina also known as The Huston House is a historic home located at Coatesville Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1848 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone dwelling with a steeply pitched roof in the Gothic Revival style. It has a two-story flat roofed rear wing. It features a full-width hipped roof front porch. The house was built as a wedding present by Rebecca Lukens for her daughter Isabella upon her marriage to Dr.
 The District 7 School is an historic school building at 366 Chicopee Row in Groton Massachusetts. The one-room single story brick building was built c. 1833 and is one of four surviving district schools (of which it is the best-preserved) in the town. The building has only very limited vernacular Federal styling but has retained interior finish work from both the early and late 19th century. The property includes a 19th century outhouse.
 The Şehzade Mosque (Turkish: 'Şehzade Camii') is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in the district of Fatih on the third hill of Istanbul Turkey. It is sometimes referred to as the “Prince's Mosque” in English.
 James F. Murray House also known as Murray-Abrams House was a historic home located at Chester Hancock County West Virginia. It was built 1904-1905 and was a blond brick L-shaped dwelling in a combined Classical Revival / American Foursquare style. It featured a deep wraparound porch and porte cochere and slate covered intersecting hipped roofs. Also on the property is a large 2 1/2 story frame barn built in 1903.
 Branton Manor is a historic home located at Sykesville Carroll County Maryland United States. It is two stories with a gable roof and a large stone interior chimney at the east end. The overall exterior appearance of the house is quite mixed with each section having a different style and roofline. The oldest section dates to approximately 1766.Branton Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St Joseph's Gateshead RC Church is a Catholic church in Gateshead England.
 The First National Bank and Masonic Lodge is a historic building located in Fairfax Oklahoma. The bank portion of the building was built in 1906. The lodge meeting hall portion was added by Greyhorse Lodge No. 124 in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is regarded as the best example of Georgian Revival architecture in Osage County.
 The Captain John Mawdsley House is one of the oldest houses in Newport Rhode Island.The earliest rear part of the house was built on Spring Street before 1680 probably by Jireh Bull. Bull married Godsgift Arnold daughter of Gov. Benedict Arnold. Captain John Mawdsley a privateer lived in the house in the eighteenth century and constructed the large front addition to the house.
 Końskie Synagogue located in the Polish city of Końskie was built in 1780. It was one of the first large synagogues of its kind built in Poland at the invitation of the King of Poland. A large wooden synagogue noted for its architectural style it was burned to the ground by the German occupying authorities in September 1939 soon after their conquest of the town.
 For the Georgian crescent in Bath England see Somerset Place (Bath).Somerset Place is a former plantation near Creswell in Washington County North Carolina along the northern shore of Lake Phelps and now a State Historic Site. Somerset Place operated as a plantation from 1785 until 1865. Before the end of the American Civil War Somerset Place had become one of the Upper South's largest plantations.In 1969 Somerset Place was designated as a State Historic Site.
 Middlebrook Schools is a historic public school building complex located at Middlebrook Augusta County Virginia. The original school building was built in 1916 and expanded in 1919. A separate high school was built adjacent to it in 1922-1923 and an agriculture shop building was added in the 1930s. The original school is an L-shaped two-story building consisting of two front rooms and a south ell room with a one-room plan two-story addition creating a square plan.
 Jean-Talon railway station also known as Park Avenue Station (French: Gare Jean-Talon) is a former railway station located in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at the northern end of Park Avenue and its main entrance faces Jean-Talon Street. It is situated in the Park Extension neighbourhood of the borough of Villeray–Saint-Michel–Parc-Extension.
 James River Church (JRC) of Ozark Missouri is an Assemblies of God megachurch. In 2009 it reported an average Sunday worship attendance of 8850 making it the fourth largest Assembly of God church in the United States. Outreach Magazine ranked it the 47th fastest growing church in America in 2010.
 Burgersdorp Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Gariep Local Municipality area in Burgersdorp Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 St. Anthony of Padua Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 822 East 166th Street Bronx New York City in the neighborhood of Morrisania near Prospect Avenue. The present church was built through the concerted efforts of pastor the Rt. Rev.
 Grey Towers Castle is a building on the campus of Arcadia University in Glenside Pennsylvania which is in Cheltenham Township a suburb of Philadelphia USA. The castle was designed by Horace Trumbauer and built starting in 1893 as the estate of William Welsh Harrison. The university (then known as Beaver College and located in nearby Jenkintown) purchased the estate in 1929 for $712500 equal to $9785828 today.
 North Falmouth Village Historic District is a historic district at 85-408 Old Main Road and 6 Wild Harbor Road in the North Falmouth Massachusetts which is a village in the town of Falmouth Massachusetts.The historic district consists of many 18th- and 19th-century houses as well as the North Falmouth Congregational Church and a former grange hall. Many of the buildings are in Greek Revival Late Victorian and Colonial Revival styles.
 Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites is a 59-floor 256 metre (840 ft) tall skyscraper completed in 2007. This residential and hotel tower is located in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates and features 261 suites offering choices of 24 spacious studio rooms six one-bedroom 170 two-bedroom and 55 three-bedroom suites as well as six penthouses.
 Soldier's Joy is a historic home located at Wingina Nelson County Virginia USA. It was built in 1784-85 by Col. Samuel Jordan Cabell and enlarged approximately twenty-five years later. Along with Bon Aire and Montezuma it is one of the few remaining Cabell family houses in Nelson County. When constructed it was a five-part Palladian house; reduced in size during the 20th century when the early 19th-century wings were moved.
 Askrova Chapel (Norwegian: Askrova bedehuskapell) is a chapel/community centre in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the small village of Espeset on the west side of the island of Askrova. The chapel is part of the Bru parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white church was built in 1957 and it seats about 120 people. The building was consecrated by Bishop Ragnvald Indrebø on 14 April 1957.
 The Davis House in Clarksville Arkansas is a Colonial Revival style house built in 1905. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The White-Preston House built c. 1722 is a historic house at 592 Maple Street in Danvers Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Château de Saint-Thamar is a castle in the commune of Terrou in the Lot département of France. Dating from the 15th century the castle was altered in the 17th and 18th centuries.The castle is privately owned and not open to the public. It has been listed since 1975 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Shōkoku-ji (相国寺) formally identified as Mannen-zan Shōkoku Shōten Zenji (萬年山相國承天禅寺) is a Buddhist temple in northern Kyoto founded in 1382 by Ashikaga Yoshimitsu.
 Arthur M. Burroughs House is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built from 1903 to 1904 and is a two-story asymmetrical plan frame residence sheathed in shiplap siding. It has a gabled-on-hip roof with two-story projecting pedimented bays. It features a two-story octagonal tower with turret with bell-cast roof and a one-story hipped-roof porch in the Queen Anne style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Rockford First is a megachurch located in Rockford Illinois. Pastor Jeremy DeWeerdt has been the lead pastor since May 2007. He oversees all ministries of Rockford First including Christian Life Schools Christian Life Retirement Centers Focus One (a post-high school ministry) and dozens of other ministries for people of all ages.
 The Gatlin Site is an archaeological site in Arizona that preserves one of the few documented Hohokam platform mounds. Associated with the mound are pit houses ball courts middens and prehistoric canals. Between AD 800 and 1200 it was an important Hohokam settlement at the great bend of the Gila River. The Hohokam people were the first farmers in southern Arizona where the permanent Salt and Gila Rivers flowing through the hot Sonoran Desert made the irrigation strategy possible.
 Castle Plaza is a shopping centre located in the Adelaide suburb of Edwardstown approximately 7 km from the CBD along South Road. It was expanded in the mid 1980s and the new development was opened in July 1987. Attending that day were a number of local personalities including John Platten.
 The White Palace (Serbian: Бели двор / Beli dvor) is a former royal residence of the Karađorđević dynasty. The palace is located in the Royal Compound in the Dedinje neighborhood of Belgrade.The White Palace located in the same complex as the Royal Palace the official residence of the Karađorđević royal family. The palace was designed by architect Aleksandar Đorđević in a neo-Palladian manner inspired by the 18th century English houses such as Ditchley Park.
 Daiyuzenji is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist temple located on the north side of Chicago Illinois in the United States.Daiyuzenji began in 1982 as the Illinois betsuin (branch temple) of Daihonzan Chozen-ji a Rinzai headquarters temple founded in 1979 in Honolulu Hawaii by Omori Sogen Roshi (1904-1994) a successor in the Tenryu-ji line of Rinzai Zen.
 The E.C. Peery Building at 38731 N. Main St. in Scio Oregon was built in 1881. It is an Italianate architecture building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The AFI Silver is a three-screen movie theater complex in downtown Silver Spring Maryland just north of Washington D.C. in the United States. It plays both art-house and mainstream movies. It is run by the American Film Institute.The AFI Silver is the result of a restoration project for the original Silver Theatre in Silver Spring which was designed by movie palace architect John Eberson and constructed in 1938.The theater reopened in 2003.
 St Thomas the Martyr is a former Church of England parish church on St Thomas Street in the Redcliffe district of the English port city of Bristol.It has a 14th-century tower but the nave was rebuilt 1791–93 by James Allen.
 The Monroe County Courthouse is located in Woodsfield Ohio and is one of few courthouses located in a town square. The building is of red brick with yellow brick quions pillars and pediments which are said to represent the colors of fall in the surrounding countryside. The main entrance is reached by a small flight of stairs between Ionic columns and a pediment of fine arched stone. The courthouse has one of ten largest clocks in the world which can be seen from miles away.
 The Spud Drive-In Theater is a drive-in theater between Victor and Driggs Idaho. Located in a potato-farming region the theater's entrance sign features a giant potato on the back of a 1946 Chevrolet flat-bed truck. The drive-in was built by Ace Wood in 1953. The theatre has also hosted concerts including a 2010 concert by the band Widespread Panic. Financial difficulties in 2011 threatened to close the drive-in but arrangements were made to continue its operation as of June 2011.
 St. Patrick's Church Patrington is a parish church in the Church of England located in Patrington East Riding of Yorkshire England. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 The Singapore Art Museum (SAM Chinese: 新加坡美术馆; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō Měishùguǎn) contains the national contemporary art collection of Singapore. SAM is home to the world’s largest public collection of modern and contemporary Southeast Asian artworks with a growing collection of international contemporary art.
 Tabor Church (German: Taborkirche) is the church of the Evangelical Tabor Congregation a member of the Protestant umbrella organisation Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia. The church building is located in Berlin borough Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg in the quarter Outer Luisenstadt or colloquially SO 36. The church was named in memory of the Transfiguration of Jesus which allegedly took place on Mount Tabor הר תבור in today's Israel.
 Congleton United Reformed Church is located in Antrobus Street Congleton Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Forestburgh Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Forestburgh in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1929 and is a small rectangular wood frame building sheathed in novelty wood siding. The building measures 30 feet long and 20 feet wide. It has a gable roof and sits on a concrete foundation. Also located on the property is a small privy built in 1924.
 The Henfield House is a historic First Period house at 300 Main Street in Lynnfield Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this 2.5 story saltbox colonial was built c. 1700; this consisted of the right side of the house (including the shed section to its rear) and the central chimney. The left side was built early in the 18th century.
 The Towne-Williams House on 7th St. N. in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1885. It has also been known as the George W. Wallace House and as the Erastus A. Williams House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975.Its NRHP nomination argued that it is the most unaltered survivor of a handful of large mansion-size residences built on the near north side of Bismarck soon after the city became the capital of Dakota Territory in 1882.
 Bennett Plantation House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 14 1979.
 St Mary's Church Bathwick (also called Bathwick Old Church) was a parish church in Bathwick in the city of Bath in England. The church was demolished in 1818. Its parish was succeeded by St Mary the Virgin's Church Bathwick on Church Road at the base of Bathwick Hill. Its churchyard is currently contained in that of St John the Baptist's Church Bathwick.Medieval in origin it was recorded in May 1815 as being merely 64 feet long 17 feet wide with room for 130 people seated.
 Peoria City Hall located in the United States city of Peoria Illinois was designed and built by Reeves and Baillee in 1897 for US$271500. The city hall was dedicated January 5 to January 7 1899. The building is still Peoria's city hall and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Peoria Civic Center was built behind it in 1982.
 Burg Geyersberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The General P.G.T. Beauregard Equestrian Statue is located in New Orleans Louisiana. The statue by Alexander Doyle was officially unveiled in 1915. It is at the intersection of Carrollton Avenue and Esplanade Avenue at the main entrance to City Park.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 18 1999.
 The Captain John A. Davis House is used as a theater Theatre Albany.
 The Prehistory Museum of Valencia is a museum of the city of Valencia (Spain) that exposes archaeological materials covering from Paleolithic to the Visigoths period.From 1982 it has been part of The Old House of Charity built in 1841 which highlights the Byzantine style church built in 1881.In 1995 began the complete restoration of the building carried out by the architect Rafael Rivera.
 Metro Cinema or Metro Cinemas is a uniplex cinema hall and a heritage building located in Jawahar Lal Nehru Road (Esplanade) Kolkata West Bengal India. This theatre was owned by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
 The Victoria Tower is the square tower at the south-west end of the Palace of Westminster in London facing south and west onto Black Rod's Garden and Old Palace Yard. At 98.5 metres (323 ft) it is slightly taller than the more famous Elizabeth Tower - Big Ben (formerly known as the Clock Tower) at the north end of the Palace (96.3 metres (316 ft)). It houses the Parliamentary Archives in archive conditions meeting the BS 5454 standard on 12 floors.
 Hestad Chapel (Norwegian: Hestad kapell) is a chapel in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Hestad on a small peninsula jutting into the Hestadfjorden a lake that is part of the river Gaula. Because of its location on a small island-like peninsula the church is also known as the Øyrakyrkja (island church). The chapel is part of the Viksdalen parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
 Schaeffer House is a historic home and located within the upper farm of Brendle Farms in Schaefferstown Heidelberg Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1736 and is a 2 1/2-story banked stone dwelling in a Colonial era Germanic style. It has an addition dated to about 1771 built at the same time as the installation of a distillery.
 Katherine District Hospital is a district public hospital servicing the Katherine Region in the Northern Territory Australia. It is located 3 km (1.9 mi) from the centre of town on the banks of the Katherine River overlooking Knott's Crossing. It services an area of 336674 km2 (129991 sq mi). Around 85% percent of its patients are Aboriginal people many from some of the most remote communities in Australia.
 The Israel Museum (Hebrew: מוזיאון ישראל‎ Muze'on Yisrael) was founded in 1965 as Israel's national museum. It is situated on a hill in the Givat Ram neighborhood of Jerusalem near the Bible Lands Museum the Knesset the Israeli Supreme Court and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 Grace Episcopal Church Complex is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Lyons in Wayne County New York. The complex consists of a contributing stone church building begun in 1838 a contributing frame rectory begun about 1833 and a contributing parish house built in 1887-1888. The church building is Gothic Revival in style and constructed of rubble limestone walls with cut limestone trim.
 The Resaca de la Palma Battlefield is the site in Brownsville Texas where American forces under General Zachary Taylor engaged Mexican forces under General Mariano Arista on May 9 1846 in the Battle of Resaca de la Palma. In the early stages of the Mexican-American War and immediately following the Battle of Palo Alto Arista's forces were in retreat.
 The Château Louis XIV is a château constructed between 2008 and 2011 in the commune of Louveciennes in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region.Although it is a new construction the Château Louis XIV meets the exact standards and rules of proportions and ornamentation established from Antiquity as they were regularly applied during the 17th century.The Château Louis XIV is a historic construction project initiated by the real-estate development company Cogemad in 2008 with the same techniques and materials that were used in the 17th century. 
 Temple Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) was a synagogue located at 905 College Avenue in Niagara Falls New York. Founded in 1898 and formally incorporated in 1905 as an Orthodox synagogue it hired its first rabbi in 1916 and joined the Conservative movement in 1931.The congregation moved to its most recent building in 1967 and soon afterwards membership peaked at over 180 families but by 2008 had been reduced to 50.
 La Casa Rosada (English: The Pink House) is the executive mansion and office of the President of Argentina. The palatial mansion is known officially as Casa de Gobierno (House of Government or Government House). Normally the President lives at the Quinta de Olivos the official residence of the President of Argentina which is located in Olivos Buenos Aires Province.
 B'Nai Israel Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 126 S. Main in Cape Girardeau Missouri.It was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Wissahickon is a historic apartment building in the East Falls section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania.Wissahickon which takes its name from nearby Wissahickon Creek was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was listed on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places on August 6 1981.
 St John the Evangelist Woodley is a parish church in Woodley close to Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is a Church of England church in the Reading Deanery of the Diocese of Oxford.The church was built by Robert Palmer in 1873. In 1987 an extension was added to the south-east wall. Adjacent to the church is the St John's Centre a Grade II listed building which was formerly a Church of England school but is now used as the church hall and office.
 Wimbledon and District Synagogue is a synagogue in the London Borough of Wandsworth at Queensmere Road Wimbledon Park on the boundary with the London Borough of Merton.The community was established in 1949 and was based at Worple Road Wimbledon from 1952 to 1997.
 Caffé Lavena is a café in the city of Venice Italy.It was established in 1750 and was originally called Regina d'Ungheria (the Queen of Hungary) under the Austro-Hungarian empire. The café has its origins in the popular Venice of the 17th century it became later Orso Coronato (Crowned Bear) because of the picturesque sign showing a bear standing on his hind legs a with a crown on its head.
 The Church of St. John of Jerusalem Outside the Walls (Polish: Kościół św. Jana Jerozolimskiego za murami) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the city of Poznań in western Poland. The original church on this site was built at the end of the 11th century making it one of the oldest churches within the present boundaries of Poznań.It stands on the south-eastern corner of the Rondo Śródka roundabout between the neighbourhoods of Śródka and Komandoria within the city's Nowe Miasto district.
 The Humphrey Pratt Tavern is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The property is a part of Old Saybrook South Green.It was built in 1785 by or for Humphrey Pratt and it remained in the Pratt family until 1943.The listing was for an area of 2 acres (0.81 ha) with just one contributing building.The listing is described in its NRHP nomination document.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 1 Grove Street in Schuylerville Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1868 and is a cruciform plan church building in the Gothic Revival style. It is built of quarry faced stone block laid in random ashlar. It features a steeply pitched gable roof and polygonal steeple both covered in ornate polychrome slate.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Iowa Sac and Fox Presbyterian Mission (Highland Presbyterian Mission) is a historic Presbyterian mission building in Highland Kansas.The building was constructed in 1846 to replace an earlier building. The mission was used as a church and school by the Native Americans in the area. The building added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Acheiropoietos Monastery (Greek: Μονή Ἀχειροποίητου) in Lambousa near the village of Karavas in the Kyrenia District was a medieval Byzantine Orthodox Monastery. The monastery is currently being used by the Turkish military as an encampment and warehouse.
 Bowman's Folly also known as Montpelier is a historic home located near Accomac Accomack County Virginia. It was built about 1815 and has a 2 1/2-story main block with a 1 1/2-story wing. The main block has brick ends with interior end chimneys and frame fronts on the north and south. It has a gable roof with dormers. The front facade features a Palladian window and pedimented entrance porch.
 The Crockett County Courthouse is a historic courthouse built in 1902 at 907 Ave D Ozona Texas United States. The Second Empire style building was designed by Oscar Ruffini of San Angelo. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 27 1974.Crockett County was organized in 1891and named after Davy Crockett. The first courthouse was a wood frame structure built in 1891.
 The Wellesley Hospital was a teaching hospital in Toronto Ontario Canada affiliated with the University of Toronto. It was founded by Dr.
 Randy's Donuts is a landmark building in Inglewood California near Los Angeles International Airport in a style that dates to a period in the early 20th Century that saw a proliferation of programmatic architecture throughout Southern California. This style had its heyday from the mid-1920s to the mid-1930s. By the 1950s however the trend of designing structures in the shape of the product sold there had changed to focus on signs rather than architecture itself.
 The Calais Observatory is a pair of granite fixtures in Meridian Park on the grounds of the former Calais Academy in Calais Maine.
 The Great Synagogue of Petah Tikva (Hebrew: בֵּית הַכְּנֶסֶת הַגָּדוֹל בפתח תקוה) is the city's central synagogue and located on Hovevei Zion Street in the centre of Petah Tikva Israel.
 425 Market Street is an office skyscraper located on the corner of Market- and Fremont Streets in the financial district of San Francisco California. The 160 m (520 ft) 38 floor office tower was completed in 1973. It was built by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company as their Pacific Coast Headquarters and was called 1 Metropolitan Plaza. It was built as a modern replacement for their older headquarters on Nob Hill at 600 Stockton Street (now remodeled as the Ritz-Carlton Hotel).
 US Post Office-Waverly is a historic post office building located at Waverly in Tioga County New York. It was designed and built in 1936-1937 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a one story five bay steel frame building clad in yellow / buff colored brick on a raised foundation executed in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Four Seasons Hotel in Prague is a part of the Four Seasons chain of hotels and resorts. It is located near Charles Bridge with a view of Prague Castle. The hotel opened on 9 February 2001. New modern Italian restaurant CottoCrudo was opened in March 2012.It is a 141-room hotel. According to a 2013 Fodors review the hotel is keeping up to competition in the five-star hotel category by investing in renovations.
 De Hooge Heerlijkheid is a restaurant located in Middelharnis in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1975-1992 and 1995-1996.Owner and then head chef John Kern was one of the founders of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.John and Wieke Kern founded the restaurant in 1969. They developed the restaurant from a pancake-restaurant to a Michelin starred restaurant. Later his son Mark Kern took over the restaurant.
 The American Gothic House also known as the Dibble House is a house in Eldon Iowa designed in the Gothic Revival style with a distinctive upper window. It was the backdrop of the 1930 painting American Gothic by Grant Wood. Generally considered Wood's most famous work and among the most recognized paintings in twentieth century American art the painting is the model for hundreds of parodies across every creative medium.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes (Portuguese: Catedral Nossa Senhora de Lourdes) also known as Cathedral of Stone (Portuguese: Catedral de Pedra) is a Catholic church located in the Brazilian city of Canela Rio Grande do Sul. It is considered one of the major tourist attraction of the Serra Gaúcha.Its characteristic style is English Gothic. The church has a tower with 65 meters high and a carillon of 12 bells made of bronze by foundry Giacomo Crespi Italy.
 St. George Orthodox Church Chandanapally or Chandanapally Valiyapalli is one of the biggest churches in South India located at a village named Chandanapally Pathanamthitta District in Kerala state of India.
 Notre Dame de Chicago is a Roman Catholic church in the Near West Side community area of Chicago Illinois. The church was built from 1889 to 1892 replacing an earlier church built in 1865 at a different site. French Canadian architect Gregoire Vigeant designed the church in the Romanesque Revival style; the design has a heavy French influence which can be seen in its Greek cross layout its hipped roofs and square domes and the emphasis on height suggested by its two cupolas and its lantern.
 Harrison Hall is an academic building on the campus of Miami University housing the Department of Political Science and the Center for Public Management and Regional Affairs. It replaced an earlier building on the site built in 1818 and demolished in 1958. The original building was first named Franklin Hall and became known as Old Main. It was officially renamed to Harrison Hall in 1931 after the 23rd President of the United States Benjamin Harrison.
 New Mount Carmel Center was the name of the Branch Davidian home outside of Waco Texas United States led by Benjamin Roden and later David Koresh. Named after the Biblical mountain in northern Israel it was here that the Waco siege of 1993 occurred in which four ATF agents and 83 Branch Davidians were killed.
 Ryūfuku-ji (龍福寺) is a Buddhist temple formally known as Sentakisan Ryūfuku-ji (仙滝山龍福寺) located in the Iwai district of the city of Asahi in Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple is also known as the Iwai no Taki Fudō (岩井の滝不動) a reference to a Fudō-myōō statue located under a waterfall on the site.
 Elm Grove also known as Long's Landing is a historic home and national historic district located at Southside Mason County West Virginia. The district includes seven contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The manor house is a High Victorian Italianate-style brick farmhouse built in 1884. It features two round attic portholes and three porches.
 The Hotel Pitti Palace al Ponte Vecchio is in the heart of Florence close to the Medieval Ponte Vecchio over the Arno River close to the Galleria degli Uffizi the Vasari Corridor and Palazzo Pitti.The hotel together with Hotel Laurus al Duomo Auditorium al Duomo and Caffè Astra al Duomo is part of the system Centro Congressi al Duomo and shares the ethos Life Beyond Tourism
 The Henry C. and Wilhemina Bruening House is a house located in north Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Alinea is a restaurant in Chicago that opened on May 4 2005. Its head chef and owner Grant Achatz is known for his preparations and deconstructions of classic flavors. In 2010 Alinea became one of only two restaurants in Chicago to receive the highest rating of three stars from the Michelin Guide and was subsequently reviewed by restaurant critic Sam Sifton in the New York Times. The restaurant takes its name from the symbol alinea which is featured as a logo.
 The Domus municipalis (Latin: municipal house) is a Romanesque building in the northeastern municipality of Bragança in Portugal. It is what exactly was the function of this building even after research completed in the 20th century: it could have served as cistern but there are doubts if this was its primary function.
 Brewers Exchange also known as Murdock Place is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story Renaissance Revival style building designed by Joseph Evans Sperry (1854-1930) and built in 1896. The façade is faced with terra cotta and includes such decorative elements as two-story half-round Ionic pilasters cartouches pediments window surrounds a garland frieze and a balustrade at the edges of a flat roof.
 The Cumberland County Jail is located in Portland Maine and is the largest jail in the state. The jail's governing body is Cumberland County in which the county Sheriff's office oversees the daily operations. In 2002 it became the first jail in the state of Maine to receive national accreditation from the American Correctional Association at the time putting it among only 4% of adult correctional facilities in the USA to have been so accredited.
 All Saints' Church Stanton-on-the-Wolds is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Stanton on the Wolds.
 The Globe Village Fire House is a historic former fire house on West Street at Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the first of two fire stations built in the 1890s; the other the Elm Street Fire House is still in use as a fire station. It is a relatively modest Colonial Revival brick structure although it shares some Greek Revival features with other nearby brick structures.
 The John Coburn House was the home of John Coburn an African American abolitionist soldier and recruiter and aided people on the Underground Railroad. The home is currently a private residence. It is on the Black Heritage Trail and its history is included in walking tours by the Boston African American National Historic Site.
 The El Vernona Hotel-John Ringling Hotel was a famous hotel in Sarasota Florida United States. It was located at 111 North Tamiami Trail. On March 5 1987 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places but the building was razed in 1998 to make room for the Sarasota Ritz-Carlton.
 The Market House Museum is a small museum in Watchet Somerset England.The building was constructed in 1820 on the site of the previous market house which had been demolished in 1805. It was converted into a museum in 1979. It is a Grade II listed building.It houses a collection of exhibits about the natural history of Watchet and the surrounding area.
 St Mary's Church Cilcain is in the village of Cilcain Flintshire Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Cilcain Nannerch and Rhydymwyn the deanery of Mold the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building.
 Christeen is the oldest oyster sloop in the United States and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992.She was built in 1883 in Glenwood Landing New York as a gaff-rigged sloop. She had several homes including Essex Connecticut but in 1992 she arrived back in the hamlet of Oyster Bay New York at the WaterFront Center. Funds were raised and over the next seven years she was restored and relaunched.
 St Helen's Church Waddington is located in the village of Waddington Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowland the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of St Catherine West Bradford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Bellevue is a historic home located near Goode Bedford County Virginia. The main house was built in three phases between about 1824 and 1870. It is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal style. It has a central hall plan hipped roof and two frame wings. Also on the property are a contributing school dormitory building known as Inkstand as well as three dependencies a garden and a family cemetery.
 Saint Joseph's Oratory of Mount Royal (French: Oratoire Saint-Joseph du Mont-Royal) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and national shrine on Westmount Summit in Montreal Quebec. It is Canada's largest church.
 The Perry Nelson House is a historic farmhouse in Dodge County Minnesota; located in Concord Township it is approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) from West Concord Minnesota. The private home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 16 1982.
 St Cuthbert's Church Edenhall is located near the village of Edenhall Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Penrith the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice has been united with those of seven local parishes to form the Cross Fell Group of churches. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It stands to the southeast of the village and is surrounded by parkland.
 St. Luke's Church is a former Church of Ireland parish church in Dublin Ireland. It is located on The Coombe not far from St. Patrick's Cathedral.
 Sowwah Square Tower 2 is the name of a skyscraper on Sowwah island in Abu Dhabi the capital of the United Arab Emirates.The building is located in the newly constructed district of Sowwah Square and is planned to open in 2011. Sowwah Square Tower 3 will be 160 meters tall with 31 floors.
 The Mahned Bridge in Perry County Mississippi is a through truss single-lane bridge constructed in 1903. Its remote location several miles from the small town of New Augusta has made it a favorite place among college and high school students for star gazing and other activities. The boards were removed in the late 1990s after it was the scene of the abduction of Robbie Bond and William Hatcher both of Hattiesburg.
 The Eyring Science Center (ESC) is one of the science buildings on Brigham Young University campus. It was built in 1950 and named after Carl F. Eyring in 1954.The Eyring Science Center houses the Departments of Physics and Astronomy Geology and Food Science and Nutrition. The Department of Chemistry has in the past been located at the Eyring Science Center but is not currently headquartered there.In 1968 an underground physics research lab was added to the north end of the building.
 Omache Shopping Center is a shopping mall located in Omak Washington which is a city in the Okanogan region of United States. It is home to 12 stores and services including their anchor stores JCPenney and Safeway.
 Hotel Alfonso XIII is a historic hotel in Seville Spain located on Calle San Fernando next to the University of Seville. Designed by the architect José Espiau y Muñoz it was built between 1916 and 1928 especially for the Ibero-American Exposition of 1929. It officially opened on April 28 1929 with a sumptuous banquet attended by King Alfonso XIII and Queen Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg.
 Avery House in Griswold Connecticut also known as Hopeville Pond Park House was built around 1770. The house is a 20 feet (6.1 m) by 40 feet (12 m) the two story central-chimney Colonial that was originally sheathed in clapboard and topped with a gable roof. The central chimney is on a stone base and has a built-in root cellar. Alterations in the house changed the traditional five-room first floor plan by eliminating the keeping rooms and the removal of the kitchen fireplace.
 Herøy Church (Norwegian: Herøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Silvalen on the island of Sør-Herøya. The church is part of the Herøy parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white stone church was built in the 1100s and it seats about 350 people.
 The Iverson Mall is a shopping mall located at the intersection of Branch Avenue (Maryland Route 5) and Iverson Street (Maryland Route 458) in Hillcrest Heights Maryland just north of the Marlow Heights Shopping Center. It was the first shopping mall in the Washington D.C. area to be built fully enclosed and climate controlled.
 Museo di Storia Naturale di Venezia (English: Natural History Museum of Venice) is a museum of natural history housed in Fondaco dei Turchi located on the Grand Canal Venice Italy. Its collection is mainly based around the nature of the Venetian lagoon that surrounds the city. Today it is one of the 11 venues managed by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.
 The Hook and Ladder House No. 5 and the Detroit Fire Department Repair Shop are two cojoined structures located at 3400 and 3434 Russell Street in Detroit Michigan. The Hook and Ladder House No. 5 is the second oldest surviving fire station in Detroit was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Union Trust Company Building is an historic site at 170 Westminster Street and 62 Dorrance Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was constructed in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Aigburth Vale house at 212 Aigburth Road in Towson was designed in 1868 by architects Niernsee & Neilson as a country home for wealthy actor John E. Owens. Aigburth in a district of Liverpool England.Most of the property of the estate was originally known as the Rock Spring Farm of Edward Taylor and the parcel was reported to have been over 197 acres (80 ha) when it was purchased by Owens in 1853.
 Ameritech Center or AT&T Ohio is a commercial high-rise building in Cleveland Ohio. The building rises 253 feet (77 m) in Downtown Cleveland as a part of the Erieview Plaza complex. It contains 16 floors and was completed in 1983. AT&T Center currently stands as the 29th-tallest building in the city tied in rank with the Penton Media Building and the Ohio Savings Plaza. The architectural firm who designed the building was Madison Madison International.
 Not to be confused with the George W. Denton House in Flowerhill also part of Nassau County New York.The Denton House in New Hyde Park New York within the Town of North Hempstead was originally a 1795 farmhouse and was converted in the 1860s to a Georgian-style mansion. It is currently McDonald's Restaurant #12000.
 The Ford Rotunda once located across from the Ford Motor Company’s Administration Building in Dearborn Michigan was the 5th most popular tourist destination in the United States in the mid-twentieth century. This futuristic structure received more visits in the 1950s than did the Statue of Liberty. The Rotunda was originally built for the 1934 World’s Fair–“A Century of Progress International Exposition”–in Chicago Illinois.
 The Matrimandir (Sanskrit for Temple of The Mother) is an edifice of spiritual significance for practitioners of Integral yoga situated at the centre of Auroville initiated by The Mother of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. It is called soul of the city and is situated in a large open space called Peace. Matrimandir does not belong to any particular religion or sect.
 The James Wadsworth Rossetter House is a historic U.S. home located at 1320 Highland Avenue Melbourne Florida. The original address of the home was 1328 Houston Street. On July 27 2005 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The house is owned by The Rossetter House Foundation Inc. managed by the Florida Historical Society and part of the Historic Rossetter House Museum.
 Roaring Run Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Jefferson National Forest near Eagle Rock Botetourt County Virginia. It was built about 1832 and reflects the national and statewide economics of the iron industry during the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Holzhausenschlösschen (Little Holzhausen palace) is a moated former country house built by the patrician Holzhausen family on their farm then just north of Frankfurt and now in the city's Nordend. The present building was completed in 1729 built for Johann Hieronymus von Holzhausen on the foundations of a moated castle from the Middle Ages after a design by Louis Remy de la Fosse. Today it serves as a venue for cultural events.
 Ocean Park (also known as Ocean Park Historic Buildings or Temple Square (0213750228) or Chautauqua-By-The-Sea) is an unincorporated community in the town of Old Orchard Beach in York County Maine United States. A historic family style summer community affiliated with the Free Will Baptists the site is located on Temple Avenue on Saco Bay.
 St Mary's Church is a parish church in Hunton Kent. It was begun in the late 11th or the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building.
 The Breakers Hotel is a historic hotel in Palm Beach Florida United States. First known as The Palm Beach Inn it was opened on January 16 1896 by oil real estate and railroad tycoon Henry Flagler to accommodate travelers on his Florida East Coast Railway. It occupied the beachfront portion of the grounds of the Royal Poinciana Hotel which Flagler had opened beside Lake Worth Lagoon facing the inland waterway in 1894.
 Church Street Historic District is a historic district roughly on Church Street between Park Ave. and Highland St. in Ware Massachusetts. This mainly residential area includes some of Ware's finest late 19th century houses. Architectural styles include Colonial Revival and Late Victorian styles include Queen Anne. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Women's Basketball Hall of Fame honors men and women who have contributed to the sport of women's basketball. The Hall of Fame opened in 1999 in Knoxville Tennessee USA. Knoxville is known for having a large women's basketball following as well as being the home of the University of Tennessee's Lady Vols basketball team previously coached by legendary women's coach Pat Summitt who was part of the first class inducted.
 The W. E. Heginbotham House located at 539 S. Baxter in Holyoke Colorado serves as Holyoke's public library and is known as Heginbotham Library.
 The University Hospital of Geneva (French: Hôpitaux universitaires de Genève HUG) is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland.
 The Emery Grover Building is a historic structure at 1330 Highland Avenue in downtown Needham Massachusetts. It currently houses administration offices for the Needham Public Schools including the office of Daniel E.
 Great Meadow Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison in New York in the USA. The prison is in Comstock a hamlet right outside of Fort Ann in Washington County New York. As of September 3 2008 it was home to 1663 inmates. When Great Meadow opened in 1911 it was the fourth prison for adult males constructed in the state of New York.
 The North Street Fire Station is a historic fire station at 142 North Street on the north side of Salem Massachusetts and one of the oldest active service fire stations in the United States. The brick Queen Anne structure was built in 1881 to a design by local architect William Dennis and is the oldest active fire station in the city.
 The Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help and St. Alphonsus (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Perpetuo Socorro y San Alfonso) popularly known as Iglesia de Tapes (due to its location on the Tapes Street in the neighbourhood of Bella Vista) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo Uruguay.
 Stranahan-DelVecchio House is a historic home located at Coxsackie in Greene County New York. It was built in 1811 and is a 2-story two-by-five-bay brick dwelling with a stone foundation and gable roof. It features a center hall plan interior and is in the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Roberta's is a New American pizzeria in Brooklyn New York. Located in the neighborhood of East Williamsburg it is known for its wood oven cooked pizza and hipster vibe.
 Clifton Hill Shot Tower is an 80 metre (263 ft) tall shot tower on Clifton Hill in Melbourne Australia. Clifton Hill Shot Tower was built beside Alexandra Parade in 1882 and resembles a chimney. The tower was operated by the Coops family who also managed Coops Shot Tower now located within the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre.The shot tower is easily visible from both Alexandra Parade and the northern end of Hoddle Street. The shot tower is on the Victorian Heritage Register.
 Providence Place is an urban shopping mall in the central part of Providence Rhode Island. Opened on August 20 1999 it is located near the Rhode Island State House and Providence Station. It comprises three main floors and is connected to the nearby Westin Hotel (which is adjacent to the Rhode Island Convention Center) via skyway. It also features several streetside restaurants.The 1.4 million ft² (130000 m²) facility was constructed in 1999 at a cost of $460 million.
 The Thomas Ayer House is a historic house at 8 Grove Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1864 and is a conservative but detailed example of early Italianate architecture. It has pilastered corner boards bracketed eaves and tall windows with projecting sills and lintels. The front portico has simple round columns supporting a roof with a low balcony.
 First Baptist Church (First Missionary Baptist Church) is a historic Baptist church at 707 South Street in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1908 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 David Hagaman House is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed about 1840 and is a typical example of vernacular Greek Revival style rural domestic architecture in Western New York. The main block is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure with a gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Delta Blues Museum in Clarksdale exists to collect preserve and provide public access to and awareness of the blues.
 Radio/Television Skrzyczne Tower (RTON Skrzyczne) is located on the Skrzyczne Mount Silesian Beskids in Poland consisting of the 87 metre metal tower and building of the Board of Directors. Coverage of this broadcast station are very considerable and include the greater part of the Silesian Voivodeship West of Lesser Poland Voivodeship (including even in City Kraków) and Eastern part Opole Voivodeship as well as border areas of Slovakia and the Czech Republic.
 Tsakhats Kar Monastery (Armenian: Ցախաց քար Վանք) is a monastic complex located along the mountain foothills overlooking the Yeghegis River between the villages of Yeghegis (6 km northeast) and Horbategh in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. The monastery is located within walking distance of the fortress of Smbataberd. There are two groups of structures at the site that are separated by a distance of 200 meters (656 feet).
 Bromley Reform Synagogue is a synagogue in the London Borough of Bromley; it serves the areas of south east London and north west Kent including Bromley Beckenham Orpington Blackheath Dartford Maidstone Sevenoaks Tonbridge and Tunbridge Wells.The community was established in 1964 and has been based in its present location for 41 years. The sanctuary has been refurbished in light wood and glass to reflect the Hebrew name of the community Beit Or House of Light.
 The H. W. Clark Biscuit Company is a former industrial complex at 179-191 Ashland Street in North Adams Massachusetts. The bakery that Herbert W. Clark built at this site began at a facility on Liberty Street and expanded into a shoe factory building (demolished in 1929) that Clark had operated with a partner.
 The Oakland Plantation House which is also known as Youghall or Youghal Plantation House was built about 1750 in Charleston County South Carolina about 7 mi (11 km) east of Mount Pleasant. It is located about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of U.S. Route 17 on Stratton Place.</sup> It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13 1977.
 Mother Seton House is a historic home located on the grounds of St. Mary’s Seminary at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story red brick house similar to other small homes built in the early 19th century for the predominantly French community nearby. It was built in 1808 as the home of Elizabeth Ann Seton (1774–1821) the first American-born woman beatified by the Roman Catholic Church.
 The State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital providing care and treatment in conditions of high security for around 140 patients from Scotland and Northern Ireland who need to be detained in hospital under conditions of special security that can only be provided by the State Hospital.
 Canal Town Museum is a former bakery and residence now housing a museum and located at Canastota in Madison County New York. It was built about 1873 and is a small rectangular frame building surmounted by a low-pitched hipped roof. It is representative of the type of combined commercial / residential structures that once lined the canal basin in Canastota's central business district.
 Kantalai Hospital is a government hospital in Kantalai Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the central government in Colombo. As of 2010 it had 210 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kantalai Base Hospital.
 Ebenezer Academy Bethany Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church building and cemetery in Houstonville North Carolina.The log building was constructed in 1823. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Passenger Station was built in 1898 for passenger use; it was the third depot in Iowa City Iowa. It primarily served the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad including its Corn Belt Rocket and Rocky Mountain Rocket passenger lines. After the 1950s it was used for freight now it is used as offices.
 Gethsemane Church (German: Gethsemanekirche) is one of four church buildings of the Lutheran Northern Prenzlau Berg Evangelical Congregaton (German: Evangelische Kirchengemeinde Prenzlauer Berg-Nord) within the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia an umbrella organisation which includes Lutheran Reformed and United Protestant Calvinist congregations.Gethsemane Church is the best known church in the locality of Prenzlauer Berg in Berlin's borough of Pankow.
 The Bowers Mansion located between Reno and Carson City Nevada was built in 1863 by Lemuel Sandy Bowers and his wife Eilley Orrum Bowers and is a prime example of the homes built in Nevada by the new millionaires of the Comstock Lode mining boom. The land originally was purchased in 1856 by Eilley and her second husband Alex Cowan who returned to Utah a year later with other Mormon settlers.
 The Canton Main Street Historic District in Canton North Carolina is a 14-acre (5.7 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. It includes architecture by Benton & Benton. The listing included 34 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure. It includes Early Commercial architecture and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture.
 Souris Valley Mental Health Hospital also called the Souris Valley Extended Care Centre was a public hospital in Weyburn Saskatchewan. Originally called the Weyburn Mental Hospital when opened in 1921 it was the largest building in The British Commonwealth and was considered on the cutting edge of experimental treatments for people with mental disabilities. The facility had a reputation of leading the way in therapeutic programming.
 The Jefferson Davis Monument State Historic Site is a Kentucky State Park commemorating the birthplace of Jefferson Davis the president of the Confederate States of America. It is located at the western edge of Todd County Kentucky in the small community of Fairview which extends west into neighboring Christian County. It is 9 miles (14 km) east of Hopkinsville Kentucky along U.S. Highway 68. The focal point of the site is a 351-foot (107.0 m) concrete obelisk.
 Elmhurst is a historic home located at Fredericksburg Virginia. It was built in 1871 and is a two-story three-bay double-pile L-plan brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It is topped by a hipped roof over a low-pitched pyramidal and shed roof with a large belvedere and eaves supported by large elaborate brackets.
 Kobe Mosque (神戸モスク Kōbe Mosque) also known as Kobe Muslim Mosque (神戸ムスリムモスク Kōbe Muslim Mosque) was founded in October 1935 in Kobe and is Japan's first mosque. Its construction was funded by donations collected by the Islamic Committee of Kobe from 1928 until its opening in 1935. The mosque was confiscated by the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1943. However it continues to function as mosque today. It is located in the Kitano-cho foreign district of Kobe.
 The Hawthorne Ordnance Museum is located at 925 E Street Hawthorne Nevada.
 The Housatonic River Railroad Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Metro-North Railroad's New Haven Line trackage across the lower Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and in its listing was described as also being referred to as Devon Bridge. It is also referred to as the Devon Railroad Bridge by the Department of Environmental Protection.It is a Scherzer Rolling Lift Bascule-type bascule bridge.
 St John the Divine is the Church of England parish church situated in the suburb of Horninglow north west of Burton upon Trent Staffordshire. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.The church was built in 1866 designed by Edward Holmes.The church was designed (...) in a Geometrical style and consists of a chancel with north vestry a nave of five bays north and south aisles and an engaged southwest tower with spire.
 The Pula Cathedral or fully the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Croatian: Katedrala uznesenja Blažene Djevice Marije) is a co-cathedral in Pula Croatia. Along with the Euphrasian Basilica it is one of the two official seats of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Poreč and Pula. The church is located on the south side of the Pula bay at the foot of the hill with the 17th century Venetian fort.
 599 Lexington Avenue is a 653ft (199m) tall 50-story skyscraper in New York City New York designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes. It was the first building constructed by Mortimer Zuckerman and his company Boston Properties in New York City. The site was acquired for $84 million in 1984 and completed in 1986.It is the 52nd tallest building in New York City. The lobby contains Frank Stella's Salto nel Mio Sacco.
 Beckford's Tower originally known as Lansdown Tower is an architectural folly built in neo-classical style on Lansdown Hill just outside Bath Somerset England.
 Beijing apm (Chinese: 新东安广场; pinyin: Xīndōng'ān Guǎngchǎng) formerly Sun Dong An Plaza (新东安市场) is a shopping mall and office building at Wangfujing Beijing China. It is a commercial property developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties. It has a total area of 120000 sq.m.The building was built on the site of the old Dong'an Department Store and opened in 1998. In 2001 the building was voted as one of Beijing's Top 10 Great Buildings in the 1990s.
 Marshfield also known as Old Marsh Home Place is a historic plantation home located near Trenton Edgefield County South Carolina. The original house built about 1831 rests on a foundation of brick and granite rocks with a three-foot crawl space between the flooring and ground. The house is an L-shaped one-story frame residence with additions and alterations made in the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
 The Columbia Gorge Hotel is a historic hotel in Hood River Oregon United States. It was built by Simon Benson who was involved with the Columbia Gorge Scenic Highway. Benson envisioned a hotel at the end of the highway and completed the Mission style hotel in 1921. The new hotel was built on the site of the previous Wah Gwin Gwin Hotel built in 1904.
 Portledge Manor is an English manor house in the parish of Alwington southwest of Bideford Devon. It and the land surrounding it belonged to the Coffin family a noble family of Norman origin for almost 1000 years.
 Gay-Munroe House is an historic house located at 64 Highland Avenue in Auburn in the U.S. state of Maine.The house was built in 1878 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Joshua Chapel A.M.E. Church is a historic church at 110 N. Aiken St. Waxahachie Texas.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 John Williams Farm also known as the Davis B. Williams Farm and Stinson Markley Residence is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Charlestown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It includes five contributing buildings and one contributing site. They are the farmhouse (c. 1800 1827) bank barn (1834) garden and springhouse and wagon house and the remains of the necessary and animal pen.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Caverns Historic District comprises the central developed area of Carlsbad Caverns National Park. The complex was built between the early 1920s and 1942 initially in Pueblo Revival style and later in New Mexico Territorial Revival style in the area around the natural entrance to Carlsbad Caverns. The earlier structures are built of local limestone the later buildings in adobe. Thirteen buildings in the district are considered contributing structures.
 Hawkmoor Hospital originally known as Hawkmoor County Sanatorium was a specialist hospital near Bovey Tracey in Devon founded in 1913 as a pulmonary tuberculosis sanatorium as part of a network of such facilities. From 1948 the hospital catered for both patients with chest ailments (including tuberculosis) and mental health patients and in 1972 the facility was renamed 'Hawkmoor Hospital' and dealt solely with mental health problems until its closure in 1987.
 Elven C. Smith House is a historic home located at Williamson Mingo County West Virginia. It was built in 1938 in a Neo-Classical Revival / Georgian Revival style. It is a red brick building with a hipped roof and features a two story flat roofed portico supported by fluted columns. Also on the property is a stone retaining wall and monumental stairway in the landscaped gardens.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Three Horseshoes is a public house in Drybridge Street in the Overmonnow area of Monmouth Wales. The pub has also been used as an Inn and also known as The Three Horse Shoes Inn. The building has been a Grade II Listed building since 15 August 1974. 19th century 2 storeys roughcast as stone with a hooded doorway
 The Washington Hebrew Congregation is a Jewish congregation formed on April 25 1852 in Washington D.C. by twenty-one members.Solomon Pribram was elected the first president. By 1854 there were forty-two members.
 St Thomas' Church Halliwell is located in Eskrick Street Halliwell a residential area of Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. Its benefice is united with those of five other local churches to form the Benefice of West Bolton. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Welty's General Store was first established in a log cabin just outside the town of Dubois Wyoming in 1889 by Frank A. Welty. The store was placed next to the homestead cabin of his father Dr. Francis Welty. In 1897 George Hays and Huey Yeomans built a general store in Dubois. Welty purchased the store in 1898 and moved his operation into town dismantling the first store and appending it to the new store.
 House at No. 8 State Street is a historic home located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. It is believed to have been built in the 1850s. The Italianate style building features cubic massing a prominent cupola tripartate projecting bay windows and a profusion of decorative woodwork.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Trinity Regional Medical Center (TRMC) is a regional medical center located in Fort Dodge Iowa. The hospital has 200 licensed beds and in addition provides support to a number of smaller hospitals in northwest Iowa. The hospital is affiliated with UnityPoint Health.TRMC provides emergency obstetrical pediatric general medical and intensive care services as well as an outpatient surgical service.
 The Seaside Institute in Bridgeport Connecticut is a Richardsonian Romanesque rock-faced granite brick brownstone and terracotta building designed by Warren R. Briggs and completed in 1887 at the corner of Lafayette and Atlantic avenues not far from Seaside Park. Originally built for the use and benefit of the female employees of the Warner Brothers Corset Company it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The State House is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of Sierra Leone. The building is home to the official office of the President of Sierra Leone. Official receptions cabinet meeting meetings with visiting foreign heads of state and international delegations are held at the State House. The State House is located at State Avenue Tower Hill in central Freetown.
 The Blue Lagoon is a full-service restaurant in the Disneyland Park at Disneyland Resort Paris. It is based on Disneyland's Blue Bayou Restaurant.Although seated in a large enclosed structure diners experience an illusion that mimics being located on a Caribbean beach in an outdoor restaurant at nighttime. This effect is achieved through the use of a dark ceiling special lighting as well as sound and visual effects.
 Georgetown College Historic Buildings are a group of historically significant building located on the campus of Georgetown College in Scott County Kentucky. The structures were added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 1 Spinningfields (formerly 1 Hardman Square) is a proposed 90m office tower which would be located in the Spinningfields district of Manchester city centre Manchester in the United Kingdom.The development was previously known as 1 Hardman Square which was a 140 metre skyscraper but was cancelled in 2009. The development was revived in 2014 with a 90 metre office tower.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 346 High Street in Hope Township Warren County New Jersey United States. It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Les Promenades Gatineau is a major shopping centre located in Canada's National Capital Region. It is located in the city of Gatineau near the intersection of Greber and Maloney Boulevards one of the city's busiest intersections and just off Autoroute 50.It is considered to be the second largest shopping centre in the area in terms of retail space trailing only St. Laurent Shopping Centre's 972000 square feet (90301.8 m2).
 Steinway Mansion or Steinway House is a historic home located on a one acre hilltop in Astoria Queens New York City. It was built in 1858 originally on 440 acres on the Long Island Sound by Benjamin Pike jr. born in 1809 a noted manufacturer of scientific instruments located in lower Manhattan. After his death in 1864 his widow sold the Mansion to William Steinway of Steinway & Sons in 1870.
 Cherryland Center is an outdoor shopping mall in Traverse City Michigan. Opened in 1976 as an enclosed mall it was renovated as an outdoor property in 1999. The center's anchor stores are Big Lots Kmart Sears and Younkers.
 The Highland Falls Railroad Depot in Highland Falls New York is a former West Shore Railroad train station built in the 1880s. It was later used by the New York Central Railroad. Since the mid-20th century it has been used as a residence; the tracks are still used as a freight line.It is along with the Milton station to the north in Ulster County one of the few remaining original West Shore Railroad passenger stations.
 Central Chidlom is a large department store located in Bangkok Thailand.It is the flagship store of the Central Group and opened it doors in 1973.The store has a total of 8 floors and sells many luxury products.It opens from 10am to 10pm daily and can be easily reached by either BTS Skytrain or several city buses. There also is an adequate car-park which usually has parking space available but due to the heavy traffic in down town Bangkok not many people choose to use it.
 Scott-Edwards House is a historic home located at West New Brighton Staten Island New York. It was built about 1730 and extensively remodeled in the 1840s in the Greek Revival style. The original section is a 1 1⁄2-story stone structure with a clapboard upper section originally in the Dutch Colonial style. The remodeling added a sweeping roof with an overhang supported by seven box columns.
 The Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS) is a mono-superspeciality hospital for liver and biliary diseases located at New Delhi India. It has been established by the Government of the Nation Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi as an Autonomous Institute under the Societies Registration Act - 1860 at New Delhi.
 Holland Congregational Church (West Holland Church) is a historic church on W. Holland Road in Holland Vermont.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Pleasant Grove School at 65 South 100 East in Pleasant Grove Utah was built in 1861. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by English-born Henry Greenhalgh with an arched ceiling that provided good acoustics and was built by mason William H. Adams Sr. and carpenter William Paul.
 The Greenfield Hill Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1971.It includes 27 contributing buildings over 175 acres (0.71 km2) in the neighborhood of Greenfield Hill Connecticut.It includes 38 principal houses or structures and 20 secondary structures and a windmill. The district includes small streets around the Greenfield Hill Green but has a highly irregular shape extending south.
 The First African Methodist Episcopal Church of Los Angeles (First A.M.E. or FAME) is a megachurch in Los Angeles California USA part of the African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church. It is the oldest church founded by African Americans in Los Angeles dating to 1872. The church now has a membership of more than 19000 individuals.
 The Cobblestone Path is a historic pathway along the east side of the Bardstown Historic District of Bardstown Kentucky passing by eight acres of land. Once longer due to various construction it now remains between Flaget Avenue and Broadway directly across from the Bardstown Civil War Museum.
 Chua Buu Mon is a Buddhist Temple located on Proctor Street in Port Arthur Texas.
 Castle Gatehouse Washington Aqueduct is a pumping station at the Georgetown Reservoir on the Washington Aqueduct in The Palisades neighborhood of Washington D.C. United States. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and contributes to the Washington Aqueduct National Historic Landmark.
 The Bechtler Museum of Modern Art in Charlotte North Carolina is a 36500 square feet (3390 m2) museum space dedicated to the exhibition of mid-20th-century modern art. The modern art museum is part of the new Levine Center for the Arts in Uptown. The museum building was designed by architect Mario Botta.
 Marquay Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story dwelling of rusticated cast-concrete blocks with a gable roof and cross-gables. It features an octagonal corner tower with a pyramidal roof in the Queen Anne style. It has a 12-by-6-foot (3.7 by 1.8 m) cure porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Buckman Hall an historic building located in Murphree Area on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida United States. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on January 11 1974.From 1974 to 2003 Buckman Hall functioned as a student cooperative dormitory. In exchange for lower rental rates students performed much of the day-to-day maintenance themselves such as general housekeeping and minor plumbing repairs.
 The Harris Farm is a historic late First Period farmhouse at 3 Manataug Trail in Marblehead Massachusetts. It is a rare example of a three bay house from that period. It was built c. 1720 as a two story structure with one room on each floor and an integral leanto section in the rear. In the 18th century the leanto section was raised to a full two stories and the roof was rebuilt.
 St. Luke Building is a historic office building located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1902 and is a four-story brick Edwardian style building. It was remodeled and enlarged in 1915-1920. The building has a yellow pressed-brick facade and red brick secondary walls. The building held the offices of the Independent Order of St. Luke an African-American fraternal society. The office of Maggie L.
 Torreta de Guardamar (Valencian: [toˈreta ðe ɣwaɾðaˈmaɾ] Spanish: [toˈreta ðe ɣwaɾðaˈmar]) is a 370-metre tall guyed radio mast erected by the US Navy near Guardamar del Segura Spain. It was built in 1962 and is both the tallest architectural structure in the Iberian peninsula and the tallest architectural structure in the European Union since the height reduction of Belmont TV Mast.
 The Upper Hutt Blockhouse also known as the Wallaceville Blockhouse is a 19th-century American-style military blockhouse situated in Upper Hutt New Zealand. One of very few such blockhouses built in New Zealand it is preserved as a Category I historic place. It was built in late 1860 as part of a larger Stockade and was one of two Blockhouses and Stockades built in the Hutt Valley that year.
 The Peel Centre is a shopping park located in Stockport Greater Manchester. It currently contains nineteen units with fourteen currently occupied It is owned and operated by the Peel Land and Property Division of The Peel Group. It currently extends to 230000 sq ft (21000 m2) with units varying in size.
 The Kitzmeyer Furniture Factory at 319 N. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic building built in 1873. It is the oldest surviving Italianate-style commercial buildings in the commercial core area of Carson City.It was built to provide a furniture showroom on the ground floor and furniture factory space above and served in this way until 1901.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Atlanta Cabana Motel was a 200-room motor hotel located at the southwest corner of Peachtree Street and 7th Street in Midtown Atlanta. It opened in 1958 and was razed in 2002; the site is now occupied by the 28-floor Spire residential tower. The Cabana was Atlanta's first major new hotel in 30 years as well as a pioneer in the concept of motor hotels that is motel-like facilities in cities as opposed to alongside highways between cities.
 The Hayden Building is a historic building at 681-683 Washington Street in Boston Massachusetts.The building was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Designed to act as commercial retail space this four story brownstone building shows little of the ornamentation normally associated with Henry Hobson Richardson. It is however the last remaining commercial retail building built by Richardson in Boston.
 The ArcelorMittal Orbit is a 114.5 metre (376 feet) tall sculpture and observation tower in the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford London. It is Britain's largest piece of public art and is intended to be a permanent lasting legacy of London's hosting of the 2012 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games assisting in the post-Olympics regeneration of the Stratford area.
 The Bernard Corrigan House is a historic residence located at 1200 West 55th Street in Kansas City Missouri. The building is an important regional example of the Prairie Style and it was one of the earliest residential structures in Kansas City to make extensive use of reinforced concrete.
 B'nai Israel Traditional Synagogue is a Jewish synagogue located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was founded in 1913 as an Orthodox synagogue by Jews from Poland and Russia many of whom arrived in Alexandria and Central Louisiana as part of the Galveston Movement. In the 1950s the congregation became Conservative.
 250 West Pratt Street is a highrise building located in Baltimore Maryland. The building stands at 360 feet/110 meters containing twenty-four floors. The building was constructed and completed in 1986 as it was designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill LLP. The building is located in the center of Baltimore's central commercial district and is the most visible building from Oriole Park at Camden Yards.
 The College Heights Estates Historic District encompasses a mid-20th century automobile-centered residential suburban area of University Park Maryland and the neighboring unincorporated area of College Heights Estates in Prince George's County. The earliest portions of the area were platted out in 1938 and the area was mostly built out between then and 1960. The area features winding lanes and dead-end roads with large houses on generously sized lots.
 The historic Abbe Creek School is a one-room schoolhouse museum located one mile west of Mt. Vernon Iowa on E48. It is believed to be the oldest standing one room brick schoolhouse in Iowa. The school is located on land claimed by William Abbe the first white settler in Linn County Iowa.
 St. Peter's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building at 31 Throckmorton Street in Freehold Borough Monmouth County New Jersey United States.The building was constructed in 1771 and features Georgian and Gothic Revival elements. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Moatenden Priory was a priory about six miles south of Maidstone in Kent England.
 Backwards Tunnel also known as the Ogdensburg Railroad Arch is located in Ogdensburg Sussex County New Jersey United States. The tunnel was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 28 2005.
 The Old Rockport High School now the Rockport Community House is a historic school building at 58 Broadway in Rockport Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame building was built in 1865 with Italianate styling and served as the town's first public high school until 1926.
 Eski Imaret Mosque (Turkish: Eski Imaret Camii) is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. The church has traditionally been identified with that belonging to the Monastery of Christ Pantepoptes (Greek: Μονή του Χριστού Παντεπόπτη) meaning Christ the all-seeing. It is the only documented 11th-century church in Istanbul which survives intact and represents a key monument of middle Byzantine architecture.
 Church of St. Elizabeth is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at West 187th Street at Wadsworth Avenue Washington Heights Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1869 originally located on 187th Street at Broadway from 1869 to 1929.The parish was founded in 1869 in what was then known as Fort Washington by the Rev. Cornelius O’Callaghan. The parish's founding meant that it took on as an out-mission St.
 The York Street Historic District in Newport Kentucky was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 26 1995. Most of the buildings were built in the mid and late Victorian era. The district is bounded by Seventh Street on the north and Tenth Street on the south. The York Street Historic District while smaller than East Row Historic District contains a variety of interesting buildings and businesses including some beautiful churches.
 Four historic bridges on the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado survived its flood of 1976 but since have lost most of their historic integrity. They were built in 1933 and 1937.
 The Dux de Lux (Latin: Masters of the Finest) originally called Llanmaes was a popular beer garden and restaurant in Christchurch New Zealand that is part of the Arts Centre. The building initially a private home became the home of the student union of the University of Canterbury at this central city site before the tertiary institution moved to the suburb of Ilam. It is listed as a Category II heritage building (register number 4907) by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican parish church in Walworth London in the Woolwich Episcopal Area of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark. It was built between 1823–25 and was the first church designed by Sir John Soane in the wave of the church-building following the Napoleonic wars. It is the best preserved of Soane's churches.It is a Commissioners' church receiving a grant under the Church Building Act 1818 towards the cost of its construction.
 St. James United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 916 Adams Street in Monroe Louisiana.It was built in 1923 in a Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Rock Ledge is a historic district in Rhinebeck New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The University Hospital Bonn is the tertiary referral academic teaching hospital associated with the University of Bonn. It is located at University of Bonn - Campus Venusberg Bonn-Venusberg Bonn Germany. It is among the leading hospitals in Germany and Europe providing excellent patient care and research. Since 2008 the German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases (DZNE) is being established on the hospital site
 Hotel Tryp Habana Libre is one of the larger hotels in Cuba situated in Vedado Havana. The hotel has 572 rooms in a 25 floor tower at Calle 23 (La Rampa) and Calle L.
 The U.S. Post Office-Hettinger in Hettinger North Dakota United States is an example of Starved Classicism architecture. Also known as Hettinger Post Office it was built during 1937-1938 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1989.The main portion of the building is nearly square 60 by 58.5 feet (18.3 m × 17.8 m). There were just five other Starved Classicism style post offices built in North Dakota based on standard plans from the U.S.
 Mount Freedom Presbyterian Church is a historic Christian house of worship affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) and located at the intersection of Sussex Turnpike and Church Road in the Mount Freedom section of Randolph Township in Morris County New Jersey United States. This congregation is overseen by the Presbytery of Newton.The church building was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Jachin en Boazkerk is a church of the Netherlands Reformed Congregations in Genemuiden Overijssel the Netherlands. It was built in 2003 and can hold 1850 people.
 Mullan Road was the first wagon road to cross the Rocky Mountains to the Inland of the Pacific Northwest. It was built by US Army Lieut. John Mullan between the spring of 1859 and summer 1860.
 Barn House is the site of a summer artists' colony in Chilmark Massachusetts on the island of Martha's Vineyard. The property includes one of the oldest houses in Chilmark a barn dating from the 1780s and facilities constructed primarily during the 1920s by the Chilmark Associates to facilitate its use as a summer retreat. The property represents aspects of the island's development from its agrarian origins to a summer vacation destination.
 Theodore Dean House is a historic house located at 26 Dean Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1866 for Theodore Dean who was the last owner of the Taunton Iron Works and president of the Eagle Cotton Mill.The 2-1/2 story frame house features a central gable pavilion and a front porch carried on chamfered posts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Elephants Delicatessen is a local delicatessen chain based in Portland Oregon in the United States established in 1979. Its flagship store is located on Northwest 22nd Avenue.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Târgu Lăpuş Romania completed in 1863.
 Aiken Winter Colony Historic District II located in Aiken South Carolina. It is one of the three districts associated with the Aiken Winter Colony. This district with over 100 properties has approximately three times as many structures as Historic District I. District II also offers a number of impressive residences and outbuildings as well the famous inn Wilcox’s.” The properties were constructed between 1880 and 1930.
 Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary is the main hospital in Dumfries. The hospital serves both the town of Dumfries and the entire catchment area of South West Scotland with a population of at least 147000. The hospital is run by the Dumfries and Galloway Health Board (also known as Dumfries & Galloway NHS Board) and a supporter of the Princess Royal Trust for the Carers Hospital project.
 The Naulakha Pavilion is a prominent white marble personal chamber with a curvilinear roof located beside the Sheesh Mahal courtyard in the northern section of the Lahore Fort in Lahore Punjab Pakistan. The structure was originally inlaid with precious and semi-precious stones and overlooked the Ravi River. Today it is one of the 21 monuments situated within the Lahore Fort with its western façade providing a panoramic view of the ancient city of Lahore.
 The Richard Wickes Greene House is an historic house at 27 Homestead Avenue in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1849 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Crown Church is a parish church in Inverness in the Scottish Highlands located at the junction of Midmills Road and Kingsmills Road near the city centre. The first minister (1899–1907) was the Reverend William Todd renowned for his fervent evangelical preaching. Originally built for the Free Church of Scotland the church buildings were completed in 1901.
 Eustace Hall located on Laboratory Row is the only building on Michigan State University's main campus in East Lansing Michigan that is on the National Register of Historic Places. Designed in a mix of Queen Anne massing Richardsonian Romanesque features and Shingle Style it was built in 1888 as the Horticultural Laboratory Building.
 El Camino Hospital is a 395-bed hospital based in Mountain View California.Located on a 41-acre (17 ha) campus in the heart of Silicon Valley El Camino Hospital serves residents in the El Camino Hospital District — Mountain View Los Altos Los Altos Hills and portions of Sunnyvale and Palo Alto — as well as those in surrounding communities.El Camino Hospital established in 1961 has been designated as a nursing magnet hospital by the American Nursing Credentialing Center.
 The Dundee Canal was an industrial canal in Clifton and Passaic in Passaic County New Jersey. It was built between 1858 and 1861 and ran parallel to the Passaic River. It supplied hydropower and water for manufacturing.
 The Harlem River Houses is a New York City Housing Authority public housing complex located between West 151st and West 153rd Streets and between Macombs Place and the Harlem River Drive in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 The New Germantown Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Jackson Township near New Germantown in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 74-foot-long (23 m) King post bridge constructed in 1891. It crosses Sherman Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center is a hospital in Burbank California USA. The hospital has 431 beds and is part of Providence Health & Services. Its address is 501 S. Buena Vista St. Burbank CA 91505. On the opposite side of Buena Vista Street from the hospital is the world headquarters of The Walt Disney Company. The hospital is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF).
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a historic church at 253 Main Street in Lewiston Maine.The church was built in 1865 by Patrick C. Keely and added to the National Historic Register in 1989.
 The Holy Trinity Church St. Christopher House and Parsonage is located at East 88th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York New York. The building was built in 1897.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Adams Building is a historic building at 1342-1368 Hancock St.; 1-9 Temple Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. Ann’s Academy was commissioned by the Roman Catholic women’s order of the Sisters of St. Ann of Lachine Quebec. The chapel was built in 1858 and is the oldest part of the Academy. The chapel was the original St. Andrew's Cathedral (Victoria British Columbia). The chapel was later moved from its original location encased in brick and became the ’heart’ of the newly built school of St. Ann’s Academy (1871).
 Delta City is a brand of shopping center with malls in Belgrade Serbia and Podgorica Montenegro. It is a subsidiary of Delta M itself a division of Serbian Delta Holding.
 Elkwood in Georgetown Kentucky also known as the Sabret and Nancy Payne Offut House was built in 1810. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Court is a 31-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The Court is expected to be completed in 2008.
 Temple Sinai is an historic Reform synagogue located at 11 Church Street on the corner of West Hampton Avenue in Sumter South Carolina. Built in 1912 of brick in the Moorish Revival style Temple Sinai was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 21 1999. It is also known as Congregation Sinai whose official name is the Sumter Society of Israelites.
 Charlottetown City Hall is the seat of City Council in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada. It is located at 199 Queen Street at the corner of Kent Street.It was designed by architects John Lemuel Phillips and Charles Benjamin Chappell in the Romanesque Revival style. It was built by contractor William H. Fraser beginning in 1887 and was completed in 1888.
 The St. Charles Borromeo Church Complex is an historic Roman Catholic Church in Woonsocket Rhode Island on North Main Street.The Gothic style church was built by Patrick Keely in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.St. Charles Borromeo Church was built in 1868 and still upholds the Roman Catholic faith and values. The church provides food for the homeless gives faith and care to the ill and provides a safe haven for worshipers.
 The Eastern State Penitentiary also known as ESP is a former American prison in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is found at 2027 Fairmount Avenue between Corinthian Avenue and North 22nd Street in the Fairmount section of the city and was operational from 1829 until 1971.
 Akner monastery (Armenian: Ակներ վանք Akner vank') is a destroyed Armenian monastery near the Eğner village of Adana province of modern Turkey.
 Robersonville Primitive Baptist Church (also known as St. James Place Museum) is a historic Primitive Baptist church building at 107 N. Outerbridge Street in Robersonville North Carolina that currently houses a museum of southern folk art.The Gothic Revival building was originally constructed in 1910 as a Primitive Baptist church building for the congregation founded in 1883. The building was later restored in the 1990s by Dr. Everette James and is now home to the St. James Place Museum.
 The Northern Pacific Railway Depot of Miles City Montana is located at 500 Pacific Avenue and was built in 1924. It was a replacement commissioned to be designed by the Northern Pacific company in 1922 despite economic downturn that had reduced prosperity in Miles City hoping for improvement that never came along. The station served Miles City for 50 years.The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Oyster Box is a luxury five-star hotel in Umhlanga just north of Durban South Africa. It was built in 1869 as a beach cottage and retained its name when it was converted into a hotel in the 1930s. In July 2011 Prince Albert II of Monaco and Princess Charlene of Monaco spent their honeymoon in its £4600 a night Presidential Suite.
 Cornell Mills is an historic cotton textile mill located at Alden Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The mill was organized in 1889 and built in 1890 from native Fall River granite. It had a capacity of 45000 spindles. John D. Flint was the company's first president. The plant was closed in 1930.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Wildwood Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Palmer and Wildwood Streets in Winchester Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. This cemetery was started using part of the $3000.00 gift from Colonel William P. Winchester that was donated on condition that the town be named after him.Notable persons buried in the cemetery include Massachusetts Governor Samuel Walker McCall (1851-1923) Rev.
 First Methodist Church is a historic church at 301 E. Courthouse in Cuero Texas.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Blueberry Hill is a restaurant and music club located in the Delmar Loop neighborhood in University City a suburb of St. Louis Missouri. Legendary performer and rock'n'roll icon Chuck Berry performs there every third Wednesday of each month downstairs in the Duck Room. The restaurant is considered a St. Louis landmark drawing tourists and locals during the day and then becoming a popular hangout for university students in the evening mostly from nearby Washington University.
 The Manila Central Post Office is the central post office of the city of Manila Philippines. It is the head office of the Philippine Postal Corporation and houses the country's main mail sorting-distribution operations.Designed by Juan M. Arellano the post office building was built in neoclassical architecture in 1926.
 900 Biscayne Bay is a skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown and forms part of the Biscayne Wall a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It opened for residential occupancy in early 2008. The tower is 650 feet (200 m) tall and has 63 floors.
 El Mejunje (Spanish for The Mixture) also known as El Mejunje de Silverio after the surname of his founder and director Ramón Silverio is a Cuban cultural center and space located in the city of Santa Clara. It lies on the central Calle Marta Abreu near the corner with Calle Juan Bruno Zayas close to the Parque Vidal and La Caridad Theatre next to the Saint Claire of Assisi Cathedral.
 The National Jazz Museum in Harlem is New York City's museum dedicated to preservation and celebration of Harlem's jazz history. The idea for the museum was conceived in 1995. It moved to its current location in the Harlem neighborhood in 2001.
 Church of Saints Simon and Helen (Belarusian: Касцёл святых Сымона і Алены) also known as the Red Church (Belarusian: Чырвоны касцёл) is a Roman Catholic church on Independence Square in Minsk Belarus.This neo-Romanesque church was designed by polish architects Tomasz Pajzderski and Władysław Marconi and built during 1905-1910. The bricks for its walls were sourced from Częstochowa whilst the roof tiles came from Włocławek.
 The Salem Historic District is located along Main Street (NY 22) and Broadway (Washington County routes 30 and 153) in Salem New York United States. It is a 22-acre (8.9 ha) area containing 79 buildings.Most of the buildings date to the 19th and early 20th centuries and some represent important milestones in the history of Salem possibly the oldest continuously inhabited village in the county[citation needed] and one of the first in the state to incorporate.
 The Grey Nuns' Hospital (also known as Hôpital général des frères Charron) was a hospital in Montreal Quebec Canada that operated from 1695 to 1880. It is located south of Place d'Youville and west of Rue Saint-Pierre.
 Putnam Town Hall is an historic building in Putnam Connecticut. Constructed in 1874 it was the original location of Putnam High School. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1993. The building is now used as the City Hall.
 The Naval Museum of Manitoba is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba dedicated to the Royal Canadian Navy and its influence on Manitoba. The museum first opened in 1980 in the HMCS Chippawa building in Winnipeg.
 The Epworth United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in the Edgewater neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.The church was formally organized as the Epworth Methodist Episcopal Church in July 1889 and the main part of the church building was built in the early 1890s.
 The President's House Gallaudet College was built in 1869. It is on the campus of Gallaudet University. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.On campus it is known as the Edward Miner Gallaudet Residence after the university's first president who was the first to occupy the house. More popularly it is known as House One. It is a 35-room Victorian Gothic Mansion.
 Rock Spring is a historic property on the National Register of Historic Places near Shepherdstown West Virginia.
 Parsonsfield Seminary which operated from 1832-1949 was a well-known Free Will Baptist school in North Parsonsfield Maine in the United States. Also known as the North Parsonsfield Seminary its preserved campus of four buildings is located on State Route 160 near the New Hampshire border. The property is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dumbarton Historic District is a national historic district in Pikesville Baltimore County Maryland United States. The suburban subdivision features curvilinear streets generously sized lots and naturalistic landscaping that generally reflect design principles associated with Frederick Law Olmsted. These features characterized the Roland Park Company’s seminal developments.
 Gethsemane Chapel (Armenian: Գեթսեմանի Մատուռ Getsemani Matur) was a small Armenian Apostolic church in the historic Shahar district of Yerevan Armenia that was destroyed during the 1920s to make way for the construction of the Yerevan Opera Theater on what is known today as the Tumanyan street.The Gethsemane chapel was built by the end of the 17th century replacing a 13th-century domed basilica ruined during the 1679 earthquake.
 The Marina Mandarin Singapore is 575-room five-star hotel located at 6 Raffles Boulevard in Marina Centre Singapore. Built as part of the Marina Square commercial complex and opened in 1987 it was closed and underwent a major upgrading programme from 15 May 2005 to 31 August 2005 and at a cost of S$25 million. Featuring a distinctive sloped facade and a 21-floor high atrium it was designed by John Portman & Associates. It is managed by Meritus Hotels and Resorts.
 Svoradov (Slovak: internát Svoradov) is a university student campus on Svoradova Street in the Old Town of Bratislava Slovakia. It was the first modern campus building in Bratislava first parts being constructed in 1932.
 The Museum of Reading (run by the Reading Museum Service) is a museum of the history of the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire and the surrounding area. It is accommodated within Reading Town Hall and contains galleries describing the history of Reading and its related industries a gallery of artefacts discovered during the excavations of Calleva Atrebatum (Silchester Roman Town) a copy of the Bayeux Tapestry and an art collection.
 The Sanxingdui Museum is located in the northeast corner of the ruins of Sanxingdui which is at the bank of Duck River in the west of Guanghan City Sichuan Province known as a famous historical and cultural city. It is 38 kilometers north from Chengdu and 26 kilometers south from Deyang. It is a large modern thematic museum. The foundation of the museum was laid in August 1992 and it was formally opened to the public in October 1997.
 The Goddard Bungalow Court Historic District is located in Des Moines Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2000.
 Porter Old Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house in Porter Maine United States.It was built in 1818 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Mount Auburn Cemetery is a historic African American cemetery and national historic district in Baltimore Maryland United States. Overlooking the Middle Branch of the Patapsco River to the east Baltimore's Downtown to the north and railroad tracks to the south Mt. Auburn Cemetery is surrounded by the Cherry Hill Westport Mt. Winans and Lakeland communities.
 Følling Church (Norwegian: Følling kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Følling. The church is part of the Følling parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was completed in 1728 with a capacity of about 110 people. During a renovation in 1959 tombs under the church floor were discovered dating back to the Bronze Age. They also found coins from the 1300s.
 Ouaquaga Lenticular Truss Bridge is a historic lenticular truss bridge located at Ouaquaga in the towns of Windsor and Colesville in Broome County New York. It was constructed in 1888 and spans the Susquehanna River. It is composed of two identical through trusses with an overall length of 343 feet (105 m). It was constructed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. of East Berlin Connecticut.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Sharon Historic District is a historic district on both sides of N. Main Street from Post Office Square to School Street in Sharon Massachusetts.The district was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Clovis Robert Block is a historic mixed-use commercial and residential block at 338-348 Main Street (the corner of Cabot Street) in south Holyoke Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1881 for Clovis Robert an expatriate French Canadian and expanded in 1888 both to an early design of Holyoke architect George P. B. Alderman. It was built during a period of major migration by French Canadians to the area seeking work in the local mills.
 The Oswego-Oneida Streets Historic District in Baldwinsville New York is a 50 acres (20 ha) historic district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and includes 32 contributing buildings.
 Christ Episcopal Church and Tashua Burial Ground is a historic site including an Episcopal Church building and cemetery at 5170 Madison Avenue in Trumbull Connecticut.The site was founded in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Evans-Russell House is a Neo-Classical Revival house in Spartanburg South Carolina that was built for Governor John Gary Evans in 1901. Later it was the home of Senator Donald S. Russell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Thoricourt Castle is a castle in Belgium. Thoricourt is rumored to be haunted by a number of ghosts including the ghost of Dr. Ranbak Gloki.
 All Saints Church Billesley is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Billesley Warwickshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Primitive Baptist Church of Sweeten's Cove is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Marion County Tennessee located in the Sweeten's Cove area in the Sequatchie Valley about 7 miles (11 km) north of South Pittsburg.Sweeten’s Cove which is identified as Sweeden’s Cove in some old maps and documents was an area of early settlement primarily by members of the Beene (Bean) and Raulston (Roulston) families. The church was established around 1821 as Union Primitive Baptist Church.
 The Süleymaniye Mosque (Turkish: Süleymaniye Camii Turkish pronunciation: [sylejˈmaːnije]) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul Turkey. It is the largest mosque in the city and one of the best-known sights of Istanbul.
 Designed by America's famous architect Frank Lloyd Wright the Schaberg House was commissioned in 1950 by Donald and Mary Lou Schaberg. The house is an example of Wright's now-famous Usonian style. The house is located in Okemos Ingham County central-southern Michigan.
 Borobudur or Barabudur is a 9th-century Mahayana Buddhist Temple in Magelang Central Java Indonesia. The monument consists of six square platforms topped by three circular platforms and is decorated with 2672 relief panels and 504 Buddha statues. A main dome located at the center of the top platform is surrounded by 72 Buddha statues seated inside a perforated stupa.
 The John F. Cox Grammar School (also known as the John F. Cox Elementary School) is a historic school in Lakeland Florida. It is located at 1005-1021 North Massachusetts Avenue. On July 22 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Rectory of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church rectory located near Perrowville Bedford County Virginia. It was built in 1787 and is a T-shaped frame dwelling with exterior end chimneys and a gable roof. It features a modern one bay two-story portico supported by four fluted Doric order columns. From around 1828 to 1904 the house served as the rectory of St. Stephen's Episcopal Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Eureka Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Depot is a historic building at 416 E. 5th Street in Eureka Kansas. The depot is on the Howard Branch of the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. It was built to replace an earlier 1879 depot located just to the north.
 Mt. Zion Christian Methodist Episcopal Church formerly Mt. Zion Colored Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic African-American church in Union City Tennessee at the corner of North Greenwood and East College Streets.The Mt. Zion congregation was organized in 1870 the same year that the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church was formed as a new denomination by African Americans who had been members of the Methodist Episcopal Church South.
 Vaughan Mills is a large shopping centre in Canada located at the southeast corner of Highway 400 and Rutherford Road in Vaughan Ontario about 32 km north of downtown Toronto. The mall is located adjacent to Canada's Wonderland. Vaughan Mills opened on November 4 2004 and was the first regional enclosed shopping complex in the Greater Toronto Area since the Erin Mills Town Centre opened in 1990.
 The Miller Cabin complex consists of three buildings that were the residence of Robert A. Miller the first superintendent of Teton National Monument. A house a barn and a cabin built by the U.S. Forest Service are included. The property was eventually transferred to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in what became the National Elk Refuge.
 Joseph McDonald Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Prices Fork Montgomery County Virginia. The main house is a two-story three bay modified hall and parlor plan log dwelling. The original section dates to about 1800. A two-story rear ell was added in the mid-19th century and an addition to the ell was added in 1908.
 The Great Wall of China is a series of fortifications made of stone brick tamped earth wood and other materials generally built along an east-to-west line across the historical northern borders of China in part to protect the Chinese Empire or its prototypical states against intrusions by various nomadic groups or military incursions by various warlike peoples or forces.
 The Embarcadero (Spanish: Wharf) is the eastern waterfront and roadway of the Port of San Francisco San Francisco California along San Francisco Bay constructed atop an engineered seawall on reclaimed land. It derives its name from the Spanish verb embarcar meaning to embark; embarcadero itself means the place to embark.
 West Bridgford Methodist Church formerly Musters Road Methodist Church is in West Bridgford. Nottingham. It is a Grade II listed building. It is part of the South Nottingham circuit of the Methodist Church of Great Britain.
 The Paramount Theatre is a Registered Historic Place located at 17 South Street in Middletown New York USA.
 Watbungthonglang Temple is a Buddhist temple in Bangkapi Bangkok Thailand. It was measured under Theravda Schoool Section of Maha Nikai. It is located at Latproa Road Soi 101. The temple was begun in King Rama V period by Longpoo Puk (Thai : หลวงปู่พัก ธมฺมทตฺโต who was ordined in Wat Suthatthepvararam and was a student of Sangaraja Phea.
 Johns Manville Plaza is a 404-foot-tall skyscraper (123 m) in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1978 and has 29 floors. The building was designed by Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum owned by Crescent Real Estate Equities Company and is the 16th tallest building in Denver. Reflective solar glass windows alternating with 5-foot-wide columns (1.5 m) makes up the outer walls. A plaza basement and loading dock are shared with 707 17th Street.
 Winters Lane Historic District is a national historic district at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a historically African-American residential community which developed between 1867 and the mid-1940s. Winters Lane is located between Frederick Road and the Baltimore National Pike. It is composed mainly of single-family dwellings augmented by a few commercial social or religious resources.
 Princess Margaret Cancer Centre is a teaching hospital in Toronto Ontario Canada affiliated with the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine as part of the University Health Network. The hospital now stands as the largest cancer centre in Canada.The hospital is situated near the intersection of University Avenue and College Street within the Discovery District of downtown Toronto an area with high concentration of biomedical research institutions.
 Stone Arch Bridge Starrucca Creek was a historic stone arch bridge located at Starrucca Wayne County Pennsylvania. It measured 18-foot-long (5.5 m) and crossed Starrucca Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished.
 Henry Melchoir Muhlenberg House also known as the John J. Schrack House is a historic home located at Trappe Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1755 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone dwelling with a gable roof. It measures approximately 39 feet by 31 feet. Between 1994 and 1998 the house was restored to its 1776-1787 appearance. This was the period of residency by Rev.
 The Sutton Block is a historic commercial building at 76—78 Main Street in Peabody Massachusetts. Built in 1859 this three story brick building is the only Italianate commercial building in Peabody. It was built by Ebenezer Sutton a local textile manufacturer. The building originally had a steeply pitched roof but this was removed sometime after 1877.
 Cardona Residence in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is one of the most interesting and best preserved houses in Aguadilla from its era.
 Wat Nong Pah Pong (Short: Wat Pah Pong Thai: วัดหนองป่าพง) is the main monastery of the late Thai Forest Tradition meditation master the Venerable Ajahn Chah. The monastery sits in Ubon Ratchathani Province in the district of (Amphoe) Warin Chamrap.
 Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a hotel in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The hotel which opened in 1997 is operated by the Dubai-based hotelier Jumeirah. The hotel contains 598 rooms and suites 19 beachfront villas and 20 restaurants and bars. This wave-shaped hotel complements the sail-shaped Burj Al Arab which is adjacent to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel.The hotel occupies a location on the beach. Visitors to the hotel have at total of 33800 square metres (364000 sq ft) of beach for their use.
 The Shwezigon Pagoda or Shwezigon Paya (Burmese: ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား) is a Buddhist temple located in Nyaung-U a town near Bagan in Burma (Myanmar). It is a prototype of Burmese stupas and consists of a circular gold leaf-gilded stupa surrounded by smaller temples and shrines. Construction of the Shwezigon Pagoda began during the reign of King Anawrahta and was completed in 1102 AD during the reign of King Kyansittha of the Pagan Dynasty.
 The West Baden Springs Hotel is a historic landmark hotel in the town of West Baden Springs in Orange County Indiana United States known for its vast domed atrium. It is currently part of the French Lick Resort. Prior to the completion of the Coliseum in Charlotte North Carolina in 1955 the building had the largest free-spanning dome in the United States and was the largest in the world from 1902 to 1913.
 Putin's Palace (Russian: Дворец Путина) is a name used by the media for a large Italianate palace located on the Black Sea coast near the village of Praskoveevka in Gelendzhik Krasnodar Krai Russia. It has been claimed that the dacha was built for the personal use of President Vladimir Putin and that its construction began during his first Presidency.
 Seminole County Courthouse was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Welsh Presbyterian Church Liverpool is a disused church on Princes Road in the Toxteth district of Liverpool Merseyside England. It is a redundant church of the Presbyterian Church of Wales and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. Because of its tall steeple the church has been nicknamed the Welsh Cathedral or Toxteth Cathedral although it was never an actual cathedral.
 Vår Frue Church (Norwegian: Vår Frue kirke / English: Our Lady's Church) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Midtbyen area of Trondheim just a few blocks north of the Nidaros Cathedral.The church is part of the Nidaros og Vår Frue parish in the Nidaros deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Château de Lœwenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Wingen in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. It is dated to the 12th century and was destroyed in 1387.
 The Wilhelmina Mohle House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 First Baptist Church of Mumford is a historic Baptist church located at Mumford in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1852 and is a three-by-four-bay vernacular Greek Revival–style frame church building on a cobblestone foundation. It features a square three stage tower. Minor expansions and alterations were done to the building through 1917.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Benton Hall built in 1907~1908 as an administration building dedicated in 1909 was used as such until the new Administration Building was completed in 1956. It housed the music department and the auditorium seating 1200 was used for small group meetings as it can accommodate only a fraction of the present enrollment and total Miami meeting. Currently Hall Auditorium houses the Performing Arts Series Office and the Philosophy Department.
 McLean Hospital (/məkˈleɪn/; also known as Somerville Asylum or Charlestown Asylum) is a psychiatric hospital in Belmont Massachusetts.It is noted for its clinical staff expertise and ground-breaking neuroscience research.
 The MosFilm Tower (Russian: Дом на Мосфильмовской) is a Russian skyscraper in the Mosfilmovskaya section of Moscow Russia. This building located on Mosfilmovskaya street is a residential complex consisting of 2 towers: one of 213 meters (54 floors) and the other 131 meters and 34 floors. The building was completed in December 2011.
 The 52-floor Isbank (İş Bankası) Tower 1 was the tallest office building and fourth tallest skyscraper in Turkey and the Balkan peninsula (southeastern Europe). It entered service with the ceremonies between August 23 and 26 2000. Its official height is 181.20 m (594.5 ft) without the flag pole and 194.57 m (638.4 ft) including the flag pole. Uses intelligent skyscraper technologies. Located close to Levent subway station.
 Central Railroad Station in Shreveport Louisiana was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Convento Building known for its iconic arched portico or colonnade was built between 1808 and 1822 and is the only original building remaining at the Mission San Fernando Rey de España in the Mission Hills section of San Fernando Valley in California in the United States. It was also the largest adobe building in California and the largest original building at any of the California missions.
 St. John's Archcathedral in Warsaw (Polish: Archikatedra św. Jana w Warszawie) is a Catholic church in Warsaw's Old Town. St. John's stands immediately adjacent to Warsaw's Jesuit church and is one of the oldest churches in the city and the main church of the Warsaw archdiocese. It is one of three cathedrals in Warsaw but the only one which is also an archcathedral. St. John's Archcathedral is one of Poland's national pantheons.
 Marina 1 is a cluster of six residential buildings in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Marina 1 was the first phase and first completed buildings in Dubai Marina. Because of that these buildings have become a symbol for Dubai Marina. The complex contains 1100 units which were all sold out shortly after going on sale in 2002. Both Mesk Tower and Murjan Tower (the tallest buildings in the complex) were the tallest buildings in the area when they were completed in 2003.
 Chateau-sur-Mer is the first of the grand Bellevue Avenue mansions of the Gilded Age mansions in Newport Rhode Island. It is now open to the public as a museum. Chateau-sur-Mer's grand scale and lavish parties ushered in the Gilded Age of Newport as it was the most palatial residence in Newport until the Vanderbilt houses in the 1890s.
 Santa María la Real de La Almudena is the Catholic cathedral in Madrid the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madrid. It was consecrated by Pope John Paul II in 1993.When the capital of Spain was transferred from Toledo to Madrid in 1561 the seat of the Church in Spain remained in Toledo and the new capital had no cathedral.
 The Sinnissippi Mounds are a Havana Hopewell culture burial mound grouping located in the city of Sterling Illinois United States.
 The Union County Courthouse is a courthouse in El Dorado Arkansas United States the county seat of Union County built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The courthouse was built in the Classic Revival and Greek Revival styles by Mann & Stern and anchors the center of Union Square.
 Bjarkøy Church (Norwegian: Bjarkøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Nergården on the island of Bjarkøya. The church is part of the Bjarkøy og Sandsøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was originally built in 1766 on the island of Sandsøya. In 1866 the church was disassembled and moved to Nergården on the island of Bjarkøya.
 The Highland Hose House is a historic fire station at 1007 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1928 to a design by George Ernest Robinson. His Georgian Revival design emulates features found in Boston townhouses of the late 18th and early 19th centuries and its cupola and grasshopper weathervane resemble that of Faneuil Hall.
 The Lewis Anderson House Barn and Granary is a historic ensemble of buildings currently located in The Dalles Oregon United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. This well-preserved ensemble of 1890s Swedish American vernacular architecture was originally located on a farm on Pleasant Ridge south of The Dalles.
 The W. S. Salmon House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story apartment house listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in the Queen Anne style in 1890 it was added to the register in 1994.The 2478-square-foot (230.2 m2) structure built as a single-family dwelling for W. S. Salmon was originally located on the northwest corner of Southeast 13th Avenue and Morrison Street. In 1913 architect R. F.
 Wyoming Medical Center formerly the Memorial Hospital of Natrona County is a nonprofit organization which operates a county-owned public hospital in Casper Natrona County Wyoming United States.In 1990 Intermountain Health Care Professional Services sold its Casper Surgical Center to Wyoming Medical Center.
 The Ellen M. Lovell House also called Oakenwald Terrace is a bed and breakfast in Chatfield Minnesota United States. It was built in 1897. It is next door to the George Haven House. Both properties were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is one of the grandest homes in South Eastern Minnesota. You will drive away from your stay marveling at the architecture the historical content and the collectables displayed everywhere in this amazing home.
 St Michael's Church is the principal Anglican church for Camden Town.
 City Museum is a museum located in Hyderabad India situated in the palace Purani Haveli.
 The Court Avenue Bridge is an historic structure located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It became a contributing property in the Civic Center Historic District in 1988 and was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 15 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 The Woodpile is a historic estate and national historic district located at Bedford Westchester County New York. The district contains 17 contributing buildings four contributing sites and nine contributing structures. The oldest residence known as Brambleworth is a stone Gothic Revival cottage designed by Andrew Jackson Downing (1815-1852) and completed in 1847. The middle residence known as Evergreen Lawn was built in 1856 and is in the Italian Villa style.
 Godfrey Farmhouse is a historic home located at Cohoes in Albany County New York. It was built about 1836 and is a 1 1⁄2-story Greek Revival temple form dwelling. It features an impressive portico with fluted columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Soda Springs Cabin is a historic structure in Yosemite National Park in the USA. It was built about 1889 by John Baptist Lembert the first European settler on the Tuolumne Meadows area of Yosemite. Lembert had filed a claim to 160 acres (65 ha) in Tuolumne Meadows in 1885 after spending three summers in the area with a flock of angora goats. Lembert built a log cabin directly over the largest soda spring in the area.
 Roi-Namur /ˌrɔɪ-nəˈmʊər/ is an island in the north part of the Kwajalein atoll in the Marshall Islands. Germany annexed the Marshalls in 1885 but did not put government officials on the islands until 1906 leaving island affairs to a group of powerful German trading companies. Japan took over in 1914 and colonised the Marshalls extensively developing and fortifying large bases on many of the islands.Roi-Namur was the target of the U.S.
 Langtons House and Langtons Gardens are a grade II listed 18th-century house and landscaped gardens located in Hornchurch in the London Borough of Havering Greater London. The house and gardens became local authority property in 1929 and are currently used as the borough register office and a public park. Langtons House was used as the council offices of Hornchurch Urban District Council from 1929 to 1965.
 Thinktank is a Science museum in Birmingham England. Opened in 2001 it succeeded and has several exhibits from the City's Museum of Science and Industry. It is part of the Millennium Point complex.
 Daisen-ji (大山寺 Daisen-ji) is a Buddhist temple in the town of Daisen Tottori Japan. The temple is built on the slopes of Daisen. The Amida-dō and other parts of the temple are designated National Treasures of Japan.
 Windsor Community Museum is a historical museum located in Windsor Ontario Canada which displays the city's rich and colourful past. It is located in the historic François Baby House built in 1812 by François Baby a prominent French-Canadian (which is now designated as a National Historic Site).The Museum was originally named the Hiram Walker Historical Museum due to the large amount of money donated by the Hiram Walker and Sons Limited for the restoration of the Baby House.
 Jay Funeral Home now known as the Robertson-Jay Funeral Home is an historic structure and funeral home located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. Local architect Archie Eaton designed the building in the Mediterranean Revival style. The two-story brick structure was completed in 1929. The exterior of the building features round arch windows a tile roof and a broad brick porte cochere. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 as a part of the Ottumwa MPS.
 Moravian Church is a historic church building on Swedesboro-Sharptown Road in Woolwich Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1786 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Damascus Historic District is a national historic district located at Damascus Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. The district includes 36 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites and 2 contributing structures in the community of Damascus. The buildings are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival Queen Anne and Renaissance Revival. Notable buildings include the Baptist Church (c. 1832) Damascus Academy Vail and Appley Store (c.
 Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located in the Federal Hill neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland United States. The complex consists of a group of four brick buildings: an 1860 Gothic Revival church (remodeled in 1885 and 1907) an 1871 Italianate rectory-convent a 1903 Romanesque Revival school and a 1928 Tudor Revival rectory.
 Black Rock Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge carrying Pennsylvania Route 113 across the Schuylkill River between Phoenixville Chester County Pennsylvania and Upper Providence Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It has five spans; three main spans are each 116 feet (35 m) long and flanked by two 103-foot-long (31 m) spans.
 Mayview State Hospital is a former psychiatric hospital located in South Fayette Township near Bridgeville Pennsylvania. It spanned 335 acres (136 ha) and had 39 buildings 12 of which were used for patient care and hospital administration. It had a staff count of approximately 502 as of August 2007 and an operating budget of $63 million per year.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church was the first Episcopal church in Kansas City Missouri established in 1857.The parish was founded as St. Luke's and the name changed in the 1870s. It was sponsored by Trinity Episcopal Church in Independence Missouri. Prior to the construction of the building at 13th and Holmes the congregation worshipped at several locations including a building at 8th and Walnut.The current Holmes Street building was built in 1887.
 College Hill Presbyterian Church located just outside Oxford Mississippi at College Hill is an historic church and a member of the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA). It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.This fellowship of Christians was organized as a local church on January 11 1835 in the home of Alexander Shaw one of the early Scot-Irish settlers in North Mississippi.
 Sofitel St. James is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It located at 6 Waterloo Place on the corner with Pall Mall in the City of Westminster and is located near St. James's Park and Buckingham Palace.The original building was completed in 1923.
 Swamp Creek Road Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located near Sumneytown in Marlborough Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1892. It has three spans totaling 76-foot-long (23 m) with an overall length of 125-foot (38 m). The bridge crosses Unami Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Ringve Museum is Norway's national museum for music and musical instruments with collections from all over the world.
 Nicholas County Bank also known as the Brock House is a historic bank building located at Summersville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1923 and is a two-story locally quarried sandstone building in the Classical Revival style. It has a rectangular plan a flat roof and a one-story entrance portico with Doric order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Salsali Private Museum (SPM) in Dubai U.A.E. is the first private museum in the region for Contemporary Middle Eastern and International art. It was founded in November 2011 by Ramin Salsali and is presently located in the industrial area of Al Quoz in Alserkal Avenue a warehouse complex with the highest concentration of galleries and creative spaces in the region.
 Cooma Correctional Centre an Australian minimum to medium prison for males and females is located in Cooma New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 Cumberland Presbyterian Church (also known as the Boy Scout Hall or the Old Masonic Lodge) is a historic church building at 120 Washington Street in Clarendon Arkansas.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1869 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Admiralty House in London is a Grade I listedbuilding facing Whitehall currently used for UK government functions and as ministerial flats. It was opened in 1788 and until 1964 was the official residence of the First Lords of the Admiralty.
 Lutèce was a restaurant located in The Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian on the Las Vegas Strip. The restaurant was owned by Ark Restaurants with David Feau as executive chef from the New York restaurant. Today both the New York and Las Vegas restaurants are closed.
 Saint James's Chapel (Slovak: Kaplnka sv. Jakuba) is a ruined gothic chapel and surviving ossuary discovered underneath Námeste SNP in the center of Bratislava Slovakia in 1994.
 The Davis County Courthouse in Bloomfield Iowa United States was built in 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Egleston Substation is a historic electrical substation building at 3025 Washington Street in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The brick Renaissance Revival building was constructed in 1909 by the Boston Elevated Railway a predecessor to today's MBTA. The monumental building is 87 feet (27 m) long 52 feet (16 m) wide and 46 feet (14 m) high. Its most prominent feature is the massive archway that frames the main entrance on Washington Street.
 The Marcus Curtiss Inn is a historic house and post office located near Galena in Genoa Township Delaware County Ohio United States. A native of Connecticut Curtiss moved to present-day Genoa Township in 1808 becoming the first settler in the area along with his family his brother's family and a third family who also moved from Connecticut.
 Spicer-Millard House is a historic home located at Barrington in Yates County New York. It is a five- by two-bay Federal style residence built about 1819.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 St Mary's Church Weaverham is in the village of Weaverham Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 St. Moluag's Cathedral is located on the Scottish island of Lismore just off the coast of Oban.
 Base Borden Military Museum is a military museum located on the grounds of CFB Borden in Borden Ontario Canada. Combining four separate museums it has numerous items equipment and vehicles from all eras of Canadian military history including a large number of historic armored vehicles and aircraft displayed outside in the Major-General F. F. Worthington Memorial Park and around the base.The museum is located about 100 km north of Toronto Ontario.
 Denison House also known as the Colonel Nathan Denison House is a historic home located at Forty Fort Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1790 and is a 2 1/2-story frame building with a central chimney in the New England style. A rear addition and full-width front porch were added in the mid-19th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Glasgow is a historic home located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland. It is a Federal style gable-front 2 1⁄2-story brick house built about 1792. Attached is a 1 1⁄2-story frame wing dating from the early 20th century. It was the birthplace of William Vans Murray.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Ex-monastery of Santiago Apóstol is located in the town of Cuilapan de Guerrero in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. The fortress-like complex is easily seen from the highway as one travels south from the capital city of Oaxaca on the road leading to Villa de Zaachila and it is visited by both Mexican and international tourists. The complex is located on a small hill which gives it a view of much of the valley area.
 The First Methodist Church of Burlington is a historic church located at 21 Buell Street at S. Winooski Avenue in Burlington Vermont. It was built in 1869 and was designed by Alexander R. Esty in the Romanesque Revival style.The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 James Mason House and Farm is a historic home located at Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. The two story stone house was built about 1809 and is a four-bay limestone building with a gable roof measuring 24 feet wide by 22 feet deep. A two-story concrete block residential addition was completed about 1900. Also on the property is a bank barn (c. 1890) and corn crib (c. 1890).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The William R. Heath House was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright built in 1904–1905 and is located at 76 Soldiers Place in Buffalo New York. It is built in the Prairie School architectural style.William Heath was a lawyer who served as office manager and eventually vice-president of the Larkin Soap Company in Buffalo. Heath's wife Mary was a sister of Elbert Hubbard a former Larkin executive. Another Hubbard sister was married to company president John D. Larkin.
 Sesquicentennial Chapel is a chapel at Miami University in Oxford Ohio.
 The University Hospital of Bern (German: Inselspital) located in Berne is one of the five university hospitals of Switzerland.The hospital is operated by a charitable foundation established in 1354 through the will of Anna Seiler a wealthy Bernese. It acquired its current name in 1531 when it occupied the buildings of the St. Michaels Insel convent. From 1841 on it has participated in the training of medical students.The hospital moved to its present location in 1885.
 The Huguenot Church also called the French Huguenot Church or the French Protestant Church is a Gothic Revival church located at 136 Church Street in Charleston South Carolina. Built in 1844 and designed by architect Edward Brickell White it is the oldest Gothic Revival church in South Carolina and has been designated a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Methodist Church Concord (Woods Methodist Church) is a historic church at Carthage Texas.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Old South Church (properly Old South Church in Boston; built 1874) is a church of the United Church of Christ in Boston Massachusetts United States. Its present building was designed in the Gothic Revival style by Charles Amos Cummings and Willard T. Sears completed in 1873 and amplified by the architects Allen & Collens 1935–1937. The church which was built on newly filled land in the Back Bay section of Boston is located at 645 Boylston Street on Copley Square.
 The Rapidan Passenger Depot is located at the junction of VA 614 VA 615 and VA 673 in Rapidan Virginia USA.
 The Waldsteinburg also called the Red Castle (German: Rotes Schloss) is a ruined castle on the summit of the Großer Waldstein in the Fichtelgebirge Mountains of Germany. It is also known as the Westburg ('west castle') to distinguish it from the older ruins of the Ostburg ('east castle').
 The Bocock-Isbell House is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 The Protestant church of Twijzel or Saint Peter's church is a religious building in Twijzel Friesland in the Netherlands. The current church was built in 1692 out of brick and has a triple closed choir. The church is built against the medieval tower that dates from the 13th century. On top of the tower it is a gable roof witch was placed in 1787.
 The Greystone Mill Historic District is an historic district on Greystone Avenue in North Providence Rhode Island.The mill was built by Frank P. Sheldon & Son in 1904 and the district was added to the National Register in 2004.
 The Church of St. Joseph is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and the oldest extant Roman Catholic church on Staten Island. The nearby cemetery is the second-oldest Roman Catholic cemetery on the island. The church is located on Poplar Avenue in Rossville Staten Island New York City New York.
 Bentley Hotel usually known as the Hotel Bentley is a classic Renaissance-stylel hotel located near City Hall in downtown Alexandria in central Louisiana. Built by the timber baron Joseph Bentley it opened to the public in 1908. On November 15 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The hotel was once owned by the Pineville real estate developer Buddy Tudor who worked for its historic preservation.Former owner Robert G.
 Ladd-Gilman House also known as Cincinnati Memorial Hall is a house in Exeter New Hampshire. The home was built about 1721 by Nathaniel Ladd as one of the state's first brick houses and was subsequently clapboarded three decades later. The home was purchased in 1747 by Col. Nathaniel Gilman a prominent Exeter merchant. It served as the state treasury during the Revolutionary War when two members of the Gilman family Col.
 Christ and St. Luke's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1909-1910 and is a long narrow building of rough-faced random ashlar in the English Perpendicular Gothic Revival style. It features a tall four-stage corner tower crowned with battlements and pinnacles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is located in the North Ghent Historic District.
 Lacona Clock Tower is a historic clock tower located at Lacona in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1925 and is a freestanding three-tier red brick tower with a square plan and pyramidal roof. The second stage features the working electric clock and third stage a belfry containing the village bell.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Wynnewood State Historic Site also known as Castalian Springs and located in Castalian Springs Sumner County Tennessee includes the largest existing log structure in Tennessee. It is owned by the State of Tennessee and is operated by the Bledsoe's Lick Association under an agreement with the Tennessee Historical Commission. It is a National Historic Landmark.The main building was built in 1828 by A. R.
 The Cosco Tower (Chinese: 中遠大廈) is a 53-floor tower part of the Grand Millennium Plaza on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. The tower has a total structural height of 228 m (748 ft). Construction of the Cosco Tower was completed in 1998.
 The Brigham Young Complex is the collective name given in the U.S. National Historic Landmark program to a set of two houses in Salt Lake City Utah. These houses were the residence of Brigham Young from 1852 until his death in 1877. As President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints at the time of the Mormon settlement of the Salt Lake Valley Young and his home were pivotal in the development of the Church Utah and the American west.
 Caroline County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Bowling Green Caroline County Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story four bay wide brick temple form building in the Jeffersonian Roman Revival style. The building is surrounded by a Tuscan entablature with a Tuscan pediment at either end. The front facade features an open arcade one-bay deep on the ground floor with six rounded arches.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Primate's Palace (Slovak: Primaciálny palác; Hungarian: Prímási palota) is a neoclassical palace in the Old Town of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It was built from 1778 to 1781 for Archbishop József Batthyány after the design of architect Melchior Hefele. In 1805 the Palace's Hall of Mirrors saw the signing of the fourth Peace of Pressburg ending the War of the Third Coalition. Today it serves as the seat of Mayor of Bratislava.
 The Kent County Courthouse now the East Greenwich Town Hall is a historic court building at 127 Main Street in East Greenwich Rhode Island.Kent County was set off from Providence County in 1750. The same year a courthouse was constructed in East Greenwich then the largest town in the new county. By 1799 the courthouse was too small and the state legislature appointed a committee for the construction of a new building.
 The Cathedral of The Most Holy Trinity (Spanish: Catedral de la Santísima Trinidad) popularly known as Templo Inglés is an Anglican church in Montevideo Uruguay.
 Kloshe Nanitch Lookout was built in the 1920s as a look out to spot fires in the Lake Crescent area of the Olympic Peninsula Washington. The current structure is a replica of this structure providing views of Lake Crescent Mount Olympus (Washington) Lake Pleasant (Washington) and the Sol Duc Valley. It is located within the Olympic National Forest. The site has picnic tables vault toilet and garbage facilities.
 The Église Notre-Dame de l'Assomption (Our Lady of the Assumption Church) is the parish church of the town of Rouffach in southern Alsace and one of the largest medieval churches in the Haut-Rhin département of France. The church is also known as Saint-Arbogast Church (Église Saint-Arbogast).It lies on the Route Romane d'Alsace. Although work started in the 11th century and was carried on with interruptions until 1870 the building remains unfinished.
 The Nevada State Museum located at the Las Vegas Springs Preserve in Las Vegas Nevada is one of 6 Nevada State Museums operated by the Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs. It is also known as Nevada State Museum & Historical Society. The museum houses items from the development of Las Vegas as well as the natural history of the area.
 Riverside Train Station is a historic railroad station located at Riparius Warren County New York. It was built in 1913 and is a one story rectangular (40 feet by 168 feet) hipped roof frame building with covered platforms at each end. A baggage room was added between 1915 and 1924. It was built by the Delaware and Hudson Railroad and embodies a Prairie School style design.
 Burgruine Hohenburg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Nathaniel Irish House is a historic home located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located next to the Capt. Thomas Moore House. It was built between 1763 and 1769 and is a 3 1/2-story three bay brick rowhouse. It has a two-story attached rear building and a steep gable roof with dormers. The interior features seven fireplaces. This and the adjoining houses were built by Nathaniel Irish.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Copernicus Science Centre (Polish: Centrum Nauki Kopernik) is a science museum standing on the bank of the Vistula River in Warsaw Poland. It contains over 450 interactive exhibits that enable visitors to single-handedly carry out experiments and discover the laws of science for themselves. The Centre is the largest institution of its type in Poland and one of the most advanced in Europe.
 Dhaka Westin is a Westin Hotel located at Gulshan Avenue in Dhaka. Its addresses are on Plot-01 Road 45 Gulshan-2 Dhaka 1212 Bangladesh . At 85.91 m (281.85 ft) it is the tallest hotel in Bangladesh and one of the tallest hotels in South Asia. It has 24 floors. It was completed in 2006. In its original form the hotel incorporated six restaurants and no less than 241 rooms.
 Big Pit: National Coal Museum (Welsh: Pwll Mawr: Amgueddfa Lofaol Genedlaethol) is an industrial heritage museum in Blaenavon Torfaen South Wales. A working coal mine from 1860 to 1980 it was opened to visitors from 1980 under the auspices of the National Museum Wales.
 The Mosque of Twenty-Five Prophets (Arabic: مسجد 25 نبيّ‎ Russian: Мечеть двадцати пяти Пророков) is situated in the southern part of the city of Ufa the capital of the Republic of Bashkortostan in the Russian Federation.
 Hitterdal Chapel (Norwegian: Hitterdal kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Hitterdalen. The wooden building was built in 1959 by the architect John Egil Tverdahl and it holds about 130 people.The church is part of the Hitterdalen parish in Røros which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Terra Alta Bank also known as The History House is a historic bank building located at Terra Alta Preston County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 and is a three-story six bay wide brick Italianate style commercial building. It has a cast iron storefront on the first floor of the main facade and metal window surrounds on the upper floors. The roof line of the building has a decorative bracketed cast iron cornice on three sides.
 Moračnik Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Морачник) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built on the Moračnik island on the Skadar Lake modern-day Montenegro. It is positioned across the village Bobovište whose population used it as their church before they converted to Islam.
 The Hongkong Hotel was Hong Kong's first luxury hotel modelled after sumptuous London hotels. It opened on Queen's Road and Pedder Street in 1868 later expanding into the Victoria Harbour waterfront of Victoria City in 1893.
 The Institute of Puerto Rican Arts and Culture is a museum in Chicago dedicated to interpreting the arts and culture of the Puerto Rican people and of the Puerto Ricans in Chicago. Founded in 2001 it is housed in the historic landmark Humboldt Park stables and receptory near the Paseo Boricua. It hosts visual arts exhibitions community education and festivals.
 Richard Hall (Miami University) is a dormitory on the Central Quad of Miami University's Oxford Ohio campus.
 not to be confused with Perry Correctional Institution Pelzer South CarolinaPerry County Correctional Facility is a privately owned and privately operated prison facility located about four miles east of Uniontown in Perry County Alabama and operated by LCS Corrections Services.Despite its name the prison has never been operated by or housed prisoners of Perry County. It opened in April 2006.
 Motherwell Shopping Centre is an outdoor shopping centre located in the centre of Motherwell North Lanarkshire Scotland. It is owned jointly by Chester Properties and Columbus Capital who purchased the site from previous owners CALA Properties on May 2010. The centre is known locally as Motherwell Town Centre.
 The Main Street Historic District in New Hamburg New York United States is located along that street just west of the train station.
 The Prior Hall originally known as Health Sciences Library is the home of medical library at Ohio State University.
 St Ambrose's Church Grindleton is located in the village of Grindleton which is situated about 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Clitheroe Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowland the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of St Peter and St Paul Bolton by Bowland. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Joel Fraizer House is a historic residence near Cynthiana Kentucky United States that was built in 1810 by the stonemason and future Kentucky governor Thomas Metcalf.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Approximately 0.4 acres (0.16 ha) around the house was designated as historic; besides the house itself two related structures qualified as contributing properties.
 The Berea Union Depot is a train station in Berea Ohio United States which was built in 1876. As the railroad facilities through town grew there was a demand in the early 1870s by developers and townspeople for a new passenger and freight station.
 The Pullen Park Carousel is a classic wood carousel at Pullen Park in Raleigh North Carolina. Built in 1900 the carousel contains 52 hand-carved basswood animals 2 chariots (or sleighs) 18 large gilded mirrors and canvas panels and a Wurlitzer 125 organ made in 1924 by the Rudolph Wurlitzer Company of North Tonawanda New York. The carousel underwent restoration from 1977 to 1982 during which time the original factory paint was uncovered documented and conserved.
 The Flying Horse Inn is a former public house in Nottingham. It was established around 1483. It is a Grade II listed building.It stands upon the site of the house which the Plumptre family erected for themselves when they first came to Nottingham in the 13th century.The first information of The Flying Horse is from 1400 when John de Plumtre founded Plumptre Hospital.
 Bahrain Royal Medical Services (also known as Bahrain Defense Force Hospital) is one of the major hospitals in the Kingdom of Bahrain and the only hospital where free health care is provided exclusively for non-civilians in the country.
 Ingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 Ospedale Niguarda Ca' Granda best known simply as Ospedale Niguarda is largest and one of the most important hospitals in Milan Italy.
 For the National Museum of Wales see National Roman Legionary MuseumThe Roman Museum in Canterbury Kent houses a Roman pavement which is a scheduled monument in the remains of a Roman courtyard house which itself is a grade I listed building. The pavement was discovered after World War II bombing and has been open to the public since 1946. The museum was established in 1961 but it has been under threat of closure as of 2009.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. The church is located in Sioux City Iowa United States at 1200 Douglas Street. The church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Matthew's Cathedral is the Anglican cathedral in Brandon Manitoba. The cathedral is located in a residential neighbourhood on 13th Street near Victoria Avenue.Built in between 1912 and 1913 to designs by Brandon architect W.A. (William Alexander)Elliott whose name is on other designated heritage buildings in Brandon Manitoba such as Johnson House Christie House and the Central Firehall. The St.
 The Leftwich House is a historic house in Greenville Ohio United States. Built in 1875 the house features a combination of the Italianate and Stick-Eastlake styles.
 The Rouses Point Railroad Station is a historic train station located in Rouses Point Clinton County New York. The station was built in 1889 by the Delaware and Hudson Railroad. It is a one story hipped roof brick building with wide bracketed overhanging eaves. It features a full-sized covered passenger platform and oversized Syrian arched door and window openings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 2005.
 Glenview also known as Chambliss House is a historic home located near Stony Creek Sussex County Virginia. The original section of the house was built about 1800 and subsequently enlarged and modified in the 1820s. It is a two-story hip-roofed five bay dwelling. It has a Georgian central-hall plan with Federal style design influences.
 Santa Rosa Plaza is one of two enclosed shopping malls in Santa Rosa California. Opened in 1983 it is anchored by Sears Macy's and Forever 21. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Laurier Québec (formerly known as Place Laurier) is one of Canada's largest shopping malls. It is located in Quebec City (former city of Sainte-Foy). Laurier Québec has approximately 300 stores is built on three levels has an underground parking a multilevel parking and an outdoor parking. Major tenants include La Baie Future Shop Target Sears and Toys R Us.
 The Chain Gate in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct around the cathedral. It is a Grade I listed building.It was built c.1460 for Bishop Thomas Beckington and is a two-storey building of Doulting stone ashlar with a Welsh slate roof. The lower level comprises a wagon gate flanked on both sides by pedestrian gates.
 Bayt Al-Suhaymi (House of Suhaymi) is an old Ottoman era house museum in Cairo Egypt. It was originally built in 1648 by Abdel Wahab el Tablawy along the Darb al-Asfar a very prestigious and expensive part of Medieval Cairo. In 1796 it was purchased by Sheikh Ahmed as-Suhaymi whose family held it for several subsequent generations.
 The Elliott R. Corbett House is a historic home built in the Colonial Revival style in 1915 and located in the Dunthorpe neighborhood south of Portland Oregon United States. This house along with its nearly-identical sister project (built a year later for Elliott Corbett's brother Henry) are the finest examples of the residential work of Whitehouse and Fouilhoux one of Portland's leading architecture firms in the second decade of the 20th century.
 The Seven Stars Public House (grid reference ST591727) is an historic public house situated on Thomas Lane Bristol England; it was built in the 17th century and is a grade II listed building.One of the earliest references to the pub is in the Bristol Record Office.
 The Church of Saint Nicolas is an Church of England parish church in Abingdon in the English county of Oxfordshire (formerly within Berkshire).
 The Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse Port Huron Michigan is a historic courthouse and federal office building located at Port Huron in St. Clair County Michigan. It is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
 St. Andrew's House (SAH) on the southern flank of Calton Hill in Edinburgh is the headquarters building of the Scottish Government. The building stands on the site of the former Calton Jail. Today the turreted Governor's House is all that remains of the former prison next to the Old Calton Burial Ground and Political Martyrs' Monument.The large Category A listed Art Deco-influenced building looks out over Waverley station the Canongate and Holyrood Park.
 The Nederlands Stripmuseum (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈneːdərlɑnts ˈstrɪpmyˌseːʏm]; Netherlands Comic Strip Museum) is a museum dedicated to Dutch comic strips and located in Groningen in the Netherlands. The museum was opened on 21 April 2004. The museum had 34000 visitors in 2013.
 Hawkins Hall is a historic institutional building located on the campus of State University of New York at Plattsburgh at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York USA. It was designed by the state architect William E. Haugaard and built in 1932. It is a two-story stone structure with five-story and two-story towers in the Late Gothic Revival style. The entrances feature large wooden paneled doors with semi-circular transoms.
 The Old Customs House is a building in Fremantle Western Australia that was built in 1908 to house the main branch of the Customs Department of Western Australia. It is one of only a handful of extant Customs Houses in the state; others are in Albany Broome Cossack and Geraldton.
 Place St. Charles (formerly the Bank One Center and First NBC Center) located at 201 St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 53-story 645 feet (197 m) -tall skyscraper designed in the post-modern style by Moriyama & Teshima Architects with The Mathes Group now Mathes Brierre Architects as local architect.
 The U.S. Customs House or Edificio Aduana is a historic Custom House building located at Mayagüez Puerto Rico. As of February 10 1988 the building was owned by the U.S. Customs Service Washington D.C.
 The Church of the Holy Cross in Middletown Rhode Island is a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island of The Episcopal Church. The church is located at 1439 West Main Road Middletown Rhode Island. It is an early example of Richard Upjohn's work in translating Gothic architecture from stone to affordable designs for small wooden churches.
 Adsit Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a Federal style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1832. It served as an inn during the mid-19th century and was a popular stopover for farmers delivering grain on the road from Canandaigua to Rochester. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Wassillie Trefon Dena'ina Fish Cache is a historically important fish cache that is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It qualified for this designation partly because it was a uniquely well-preserved example of traditional Dena'ina Athabascan fish-caching buildings in the vicinity of Lake Clark and Iliamna.It is about 9 by 10 feet (2.7 m × 3.0 m) in dimension upon poles that are intended to be difficult for animals to climb.
 Fet Church (Norwegian: Fet kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Fet in the Indre Hafslo area. The church is part of the Fet og Joranger parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 220 seats was built in 1894 by the master builder John Alver.
 The Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Manzano or Iglesia de Santa María del Manzano is a Catholic temple located in the town of Castrojeriz in the province of Burgos. Construction of the current building was begun in 1214 through the will of Queen Berengaria of Castile daughter of Alfonso VIII of Castile and mother of Ferdinand III of Castile. It is located at the foot of the hill on which the Castle of Castrojeriz stands. It previously held the rank of collegiate church.
 London Health Sciences Centre is one of Canada's largest acute-care teaching hospital and major trauma centre in London Ontario Canada. It was formed in 1995 upon the merge of University Hospital and Victoria Hospital. In affiliation with the University of Western Ontario it trains more than 1800 medical and care professionals annually.It operates three hospital facilities: University Hospital Victoria Hospital and Children's Hospital South Street Hospital.
 St. Patrick's Parochial Residence-Convent and School is a historic Roman Catholic parochial residence (rectory and convent) and school complex located at Elmira in Chemung County New York. The structures are across from St. Patrick's Catholic Church.The residence was built in 1884 and is a two story brick structure in the Second Empire style. It has been adapted for senior citizen housing.
 The Daniel Crosby House is a historic house at 18 Bay Street in the Osterville village of Barnstable Massachusetts. Built c. 1790 this 1-1/2 story half Cape (three bays wide) is a well-preserved house that was owned by Daniel Crosby the progenitor of the locally prominent Crosby family.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The City Market was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance in 1978.
 Muna Hotel (Arabic: فندق منى‎ Somali: Funduq Muna French: Hotel Muna) is a hotel in Mogadishu Somalia. The hotel located less than a mile from Somalia's presidential palace is a noted conference centre and is regularly used for meetings between government officials and important persons.
 Langenes Church (Norwegian: Langenes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Stø. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church seats about 170 people and was built in the 1500s. It has been renovated several times since then.
 Darnall's Chance also known as Buck House Buck-Wardrop House or James Wardrop House is a historic home located at 14800 Governor Oden Bowie Drive in Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is named after Colonel Henry Darnall a wealthy Roman Catholic planter who was the Proprietary Agent of Charles Calvert 3rd Baron Baltimore and who served for a time as Deputy Governor of the Province. The house itself was built c.
 The Hillsborough Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island. It is the province's only mental health facility.Operated by Health PEI the Hillsborough Hospital is a 75-bed facility providing 24 hr/day 7 day/week medical services for individuals who are facing acute or enduring mental illnesses.
 Grace Church is an historic church at 175 Mathewson Street in Providence Rhode Island.The church building was constructed in 1845 by architect Richard Upjohn in a Gothic Revival style then remodeled in 1912 by Cram Goodhue & Ferguson with a parish house addition. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Giardini Pubblici Indro Montanelli (Indro Montanelli Public Gardens) formerly known as Giardini Pubblici and Giardini di Porta Venezia (and renamed after journalist and writer Indro Montanelli in 2002) are a major and historic city park in Milan Italy located in the Porta Venezia district north-east of the city center in the Zone 1 administrative division. Established in 1784 they are the oldest city park in Milan.
 Dada Harir Stepwell (Gujarati: દાદા હરિર વાવ Hindi: दादा हरीर बावड़ी Marathi: दादा हरीर बारव) is a unique Hindu 'water building' in the village of Asarwa close to Ahmedabad town in Ahmedabad district in the Indian state of Gujarat. The stepwell was built in 1485 by Muslim king Sultan Bai Harir. A Sanskrit inscription at Dada Hari ni Vav says that the seven-storey step-well was built in 1500 AD.
 Flat Creek Ranch was a private retreat in Jackson Hole Wyoming now a guest ranch. The original ranch was established by Cal Carrington between 1901 and 1918 at the base of Sheep Mountain also known as the Sleeping Indian. In 1923 a new owner socialite and journalist Cissy Patterson built the present structures.
 Georgia Cottage also known as the Augusta Evans Wilson House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 14 1972 based on its association with Augusta Jane Evans. She was one of the most popular American novelists of the nineteenth century and the first female author in the United States to earn over $100000 for her work but has been largely forgotten in recent times.
 Bridge Mill Farm also known as Bridge Mill Creamery and Marshall Farm is a historic home and farm located in East Brandywine Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The farm has five contributing buildings and two contributing structures. They are a 1 1/2-story stone grist mill dated to the late-18th century three- to four-story banked farmhouse (1842) three level stone barn Italianate style outhouse (1842) two-story stone and frame carriage house (c.
 All Saints Church Marple is located in Church Lane Marple Greater Manchester England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. In the churchyard is the tower of an earlier church which is also listed at Grade II. The church is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Chadkirk.
 Stangvik Church (Norwegian: Stangvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Stangvik on the shores of the Stangvikfjorden. The church is part of the Stangvik parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre.
 Old Russell County Courthouse also known as the Dickenson-Fugate House is a historic courthouse building located near Dickensonville Russell County Virginia. It consists of a simple stone court house built about 1799 attached to the side of a more sophisticated brick farmhouse which probably dates from the second quarter of the 19th century. Both sections are two stories and three bays wide and the brick section has a rear ell.
 Franklin Block is an historic site at 1102-1110 Main Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The Romanesque Revival-style block was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Levi Wilson Tavern is a historic building in Buffalo Township PennsylvaniaIt is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Château de Blanquefort is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Lincoln County Hospital is a large district general hospital on the eastern edge of north-east Lincoln. It is not in the most accessible part of the city via road. It is the largest hospital and offers the most comprehensive services in Lincolnshire.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Loretto (FCI Loretto) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pennsylvania. An adjacent satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male offenders. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Loretto is located in southwest Pennsylvania between Altoona and Johnstown 90 miles (140 km) east of Pittsburgh.
 The Academy Building (Gorham Academy or Gorham Seminary) is an historic building located on the campus of the University of Southern Maine in Gorham Maine United States. Built in 1806 as part of Gorham Academy it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. In 1878 it was sold to the state to be used for the normal college built around it which became the university.
 The Hilton Memphis is the tallest hotel in Memphis Tennessee United States. Located off Interstate 240 in East Memphis. the 27-story hotel was built in 1975 and designed by Memphis architect Francis Mah. Originally a Hyatt Regency the hotel eventually became an Adam's Mark before being purchased by Hilton Hotels in 2004. The 405 rooms are currently (as of 2011) being renovated in a modernist style.
 Sambo's is a restaurant formerly an American restaurant chain started in 1957 by Sam Battistone Sr. and Newell Bohnett. Though the name was taken from portions of the names of its founders the chain soon found itself associated with The Story of Little Black Sambo. Battistone Sr.
 The EFP Bridge spans Owl Creek in Hot Springs County Wyoming. The bridge was erected in 1919-20 by the Monarch Engineering Company of Denver and spans 124 feet (38 m) with a total length of 126 feet (38 m).
 The Travis Air Force Base Heritage Center founded as the Travis Air Museum and later known as the Jimmy Doolittle Air & Space Museum is an aviation museum located at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield California. The museum houses 35+ aircraft displays and various other informative artifacts. All visitors over age 18 must present a photo ID and be subject to a criminal background check in order to visit.
 The George Gale House is an historic double house at 14-16 Clinton Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story frame house was built c. 1853 and is unusual as a double house in the Italianate style. It has typical Italianate features including a central gable on the front facade and elaborately decorated front porch and deep eaves with brackets.
 Phipps Street Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Phipps Street in Charlestown a neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.The burial ground was created in 1630 the first cemetery in Boston. The Charlestown Carver an anonymous stone cutter active in the 1660s began an important regional style that was continued by the Lamson family for many generations.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Belmont Hospital is an acute care public hospital servicing the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales Australia. Established in 1968 it is the only public hospital in the Local Government Area and is located on Croudace Bay Road in the suburb of Belmont. The hospital is operated by the Hunter New England Local Health District. The hospital underwent a major $31.5 million redevelopment between 2003 and 2007 allowing it to expand the range of specialist services available.
 Shalford Preceptory was a preceptory of Knights Hospitaller at Shalford in the civil parish of Brimpton in the English county of Berkshire. In was established in the late 12th century. By 1338 it had merged with the preceptory at Greenham.
 The Dr. Willard Van Orsdel King House is an historic U.S. home in Fort Lauderdale Florida. It is located at 1336 Seabreeze Boulevard. On February 21 2006 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Dr. King was a world renowned Entomologist specializing in mosquito control. Born Willard Van Orsdel King in Virginia City Montana 19 July 1888; died March 1970 in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Dr. King received his Doctorate from Tulane University in 1915.
 Hale Park is a country house and landscape park in the village of Hale Hampshire. It was designed and built by Thomas Archer around 1715.
 The Day House is located in Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1884 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 16 1971. It is located next door to the Mark Twain House.
 St Aloysius Convent of Mercy classrooms and girls dormitory (fmr) is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia. This building is a part of the complex built by the Sisters of Mercy to provide accommodation and a school.This single storey building was constructed by William Thomas Clark who tendered £4444 for the job in 1928. The architect was Mr. Edgar Le B. Henderson of Perth. It accommodated 35 girls and was strong enough to carry another storey if required.
 Mt. Pisgah Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at 310 Green in Orangeburg South Carolina.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The U.S. Customs House (Spanish: Aduana de Fajardo) located at Calle Union Fajardo Puerto Rico was constructed in 1930. The poured-concrete building is significant architecturally and historically for the role it played in the first transitional phase of the American customs service in Puerto Rico from 1898 through 1931.
 Woodland Park Hospital was a medical facility in Portland Oregon United States. Opened in 1962 the for profit hospital was known for its cosmetic surgery. Towards the end of its run the facility received national scrutiny over the handling of patients when the hospital was forced to call 911 for a medical emergency and the hospital then closed in 2006.
 Children's Hospital Oakland full name Children’s Hospital & Research Center Oakland is a children's hospital in Oakland California. It is the only independent children’s hospital in the northern part of the state and is designated a Level I pediatric trauma center.
 Madhur Canteen (meaning Madhu’s canteen) is a familiar name in the history of Dhaka University as well as in the history of national politics of Bangladesh. Mainly from the late 1940‘s Madhur's canteen has been associated with many national movements that originated from Dhaka university.
 Kelowna General Hospital (KGH) is a medical facility located in Kelowna British Columbia and offers high level medical care in the Central Okanagan. In British Columbia Kelowna General is the only hospital outside of Lower Mainland or Vancouver Island that performs angioplasty or cardiac surgery.Interior Health is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
 The Matthews Fulling Mill Site is an historic colonial industrial site at North Brookfield Massachusetts. It is the location of a fulling mill established by Daniel Mathews c. 1749. It is notable as a location where Rufus Putnam the American Revolutionary War officer and early settler of the Ohio Country was apprenticed to Mathews who was his brother-in-law.
 Eastman Terrace is a historic rowhouse block located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1872 and consists of ten sections. The block is three stories high on a raised basement. It features a mansard roof with polychrome slate and an elaborate roofline with decorative stone parapets and iron cresting. The block was part of a larger plan to develop the Eastman Park section of the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Giles's Church is a small 16th century Church of England church in the estate of Tattenhoe located to the west of Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire England. It is of modest size but is a Grade 2* listed building.
 The John F. Schmerschall House is a house located in Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built in 1917 by master stonemason H.T. Pugh.
 Mardock Mission is a historic church and school in Stella Oklahoma.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Buildings at 35–37 Richardson Avenue in Wakefield Massachusetts. These two row houses built c. 1912-15 are among the earliest apartment blocks built in the town. They are both two story brick buildings with a high foundation and irregularly quoined corners. They have deep cornices with purlins exposed underneath.The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 All Saints' Church is the Church of Ireland Parish Church of the Parish of Raheny prominent on the Howth Road as it approaches the centre of Raheny Dublin Ireland. It lies in walled grounds with mature tree cover just south of the village core and is widely hailed as a fine architectural specimen.
 The first Cherokee Female Seminary was a boarding school opened by the Cherokee Nation in 1851 in Park Hill. On Easter Sunday 1887 a fire burned the building but the head of the school Florence Wilson made sure all the girls got out. Two years later in 1889 the new Cherokee Female Seminary reopened and still stands just north of Tahlequah.Today the Cherokee Heritage Center stands on the grounds of the original Cherokee Female Seminary.
 The Texas Federation of Women's Clubs Headquarters now referred to as simply The Mansion or The Fed is a Georgian Revival mansion located on the southwest corner of 24th Street and San Gabriel Street in Austin Texas United States. The building was completed in 1931 to be the headquarters for the Texas Federation of Women's Clubs with assistance from local philanthropist Clara Driscoll.
 The Alternator Centre for Contemporary Art is a Canadian artist-run centre founded in 1989 and located in Kelowna British Columbia. It is Kelowna's only artist-run centre and is a non-profit organization operated by the Okanagan Artist Alternative Association.
 Burj Al Arab (Arabic: برج العرب‎Tower of the Arabs) is a luxury hotel located in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is 'The world's only 7 star Hotel' since 1999. At 321 m (1053 ft) it is the fourth tallest hotel in the world; however 39% of its total height is made up of non-occupiable space. Burj Al Arab stands on an artificial island 280 m (920 ft) from Jumeirah beach and is connected to the mainland by a private curving bridge.
 Fassitt House is a historic home located at Berlin Worcester County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house erected about 1730 on property bordering Sinepuxent Bay. The main side features a carefully laid decorative checkerboard brick pattern. The interior features fine examples of Georgian raised-panel woodwork finish in the first-floor rooms.
 Cressbrook Farm also known as the Former Quarters of Brigidier General Duportail is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1745 and it has been enlarged several times since the main portion was added in 1825. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay stuccoed stone structure.
 Miller Homestead is a historic home located at Au Sable in Clinton County New York. The house was built in 1822 and is a 1 1⁄2-story stone dwelling. It is a five-by-two-bay side-gabled Federal-style structure. Also on the property is the foundation remains of a large 19th-century barn and a stone wall. It is open as a local history museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Ocean Keys Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre located in Clarkson a suburb of Perth Western Australia.
 Sagiyama Castle (鷺山城 Sagiyama-jō) was a castle built in Mino Province in Japan during the late-Heian period (late 12th century); it was destroyed during the Sengoku period in the mid-16th century. The castle's ruins are located in the present-day city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture. It stood at the peak of Mount Sagi which was only 68 m (223 ft). Because the castle was built as a residence and not a defensive fortress its location on a small mountain was of little consequence.
 Catholic Medical Center (CMC) is a 330-bed not-for-profit full-service acute care hospital located in the West Side area of Manchester New Hampshire United States. CMC offers medical-surgical care with more than 26 subspecialties inpatient and outpatient services diagnostic imaging and a 30-bed 24-hour emergency department. Norris Cotton Cancer Center at CMC offers medical oncology and infusion services.
 The Canterbury Society of Arts Gallery was an art gallery in the central city of Christchurch New Zealand. It consisted of two buildings built in the late 1800s. The buildings were demolished in 2012 due to damage from the Canterbury earthquakes.Benjamin Mountfort designed the first building in 1890 costing a total of £1229. It consisted of a large gallery and some smaller rooms one that was meant for use as a library.A second building designed by Richard Harman was completed in 1894.
 Monastery of Our Lady of Charity is a historic church monastery at 1900 Montana in San Antonio Texas.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 Asa and Caroline Wing House is a historic home located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It was probably built in the 1830s and is a one and one half story frame settlement period structure. It has a fieldstone foundation post and beam construction plank walls and gable roof. Asa and Caroline Wing purchased the home in 1847. It is a well documented location used in harboring fugitive slaves.
 The Hardee County Courthouse built in 1927 is an historic courthouse building located at 417 West Main Street in Wauchula Florida. It was designed by architect H.G. Little of Wauchula in the Classical Revival style of architecture. Robertson Construction Co. was the builder. In 1989 the Hardee County Courthouse was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.
 Stanley-Whitman House located in Farmington Connecticut is an eighteenth-century house museum and National Historic Landmark.
 The Mansions is a row of six terrace houses located on the corner of George Street and Margaret Street in Brisbane Queensland Australia. The architectural style is Victorian with Italianate influences.
 St. Paul's Sunday School and Parish House was erected at the corner of at East Market and Forge Streets in Akron Ohio for $35000 in 1884-85 by the St. Paul's Episcopal Church. It was built primarily to serve as a Sunday school and parish house but also as a sanctuary. This building now serves as the Firestone Conservatory of Music at the University of Akron and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Stickney-Shepard House is an historic house at 11-13 Remington Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival double house was built 1846-47 by N. Stickney and S. P. Shepard and is a well-preserved example of the form. It has a heavy cornice with corner pilasters and a full-width front porch suppored by plain columns on the corners and fluted Doric columns in the center.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Merry Hill is a shopping centre in Brierley Hill near Dudley West Midlands England. It was developed between 1985 and 1990 with several expansion and renovation projects taking place since. The original developers and owners were Richardson Developments but the Centre has had a number of other owners including Chelsfield and Mountleigh. The current owners are intu and QIC.
 University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) is an NHS foundation trust based in London United Kingdom.
 Restaurant Amusé is a restaurant in East Perth Western Australia. It has won many awards including Restaurant of the Year and Best Fine Dining Restaurant in the national finals of the Savour Australia Restaurant & Catering Awards For Excellence 2010.The restaurant's chef Hadleigh Troy was trained by leading Perth chefs Alain Fabregues and Neal Jackson.
 St. John the Evangelist is an historic Roman Catholic Church at 2270 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The late Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill was a lifelong parishioner and graduated from St. John High School in 1931. His Requiem Mass was held in the church on January 101994.The church was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The architects Maginnis & Walsh won four gold medals from the American Institute of Architects.
 Wayne State University Department of Computer Science is part of the College of Engineering. The department offers core academic strength in many areas including artificial intelligence bioinformatics data mining and machine learning networking databases distributed and parallel computing computer security computer graphics and visualizations and software engineering.
 Anheuser-Busch Brewery is a brewery complex in St. Louis Missouri.The brewery opened in 1852 is a National Historic Landmark District and includes three buildings listed as National Historic Landmarks. Free public tours of the brewery are given. The tour takes visitors through the complex and those of the legal age can enjoy two free glasses of any Anheuser-Busch product in the Hospitality Room after the tour.
 Saint George Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church located at 10560 East Fort George Road on Fort George Island in Jacksonville Florida in the United States. Built in 1882-1883 it was designed by architect Robert S. Schuyler of nearby Fernandina. On August 9 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as St. George Episcopal Church. It was a mission of the Diocese of Florida until 1990 when it became active parish.
 The City National Bank is a historic building in Galveston Texas that was built in 1910. The City National Bank became the Moody National Bank. The downtown building is now the Galveston County Historical Museum.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Island Place Historic District is a historic district at Island Place and South Main Street at Market Square in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The Woonsocket Rubber Company Mill in the district was built in 1857. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Olive Branch Missionary Baptist Church also known as Olive Branch Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Moneta Bedford County Virginia USA. The original section was built about 1896 and expanded about 1920. It is a one-story T-shaped wood frame building clad in weatherboard siding. It features an original bell tower and Gothic Revival style lancet windows.
 Museo de la Exploración Rudolph Amandus Philippi (Spanish for Museum of the Exploration Rudolph Amandus Philippi) is a museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile. The exhibitions at the museum deals with the exploration of southern Chile specially those made by the German naturalist Rudolph Amandus Philippi.
 Mandan Commercial Historic District is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) historic district in Mandan North Dakota that has work dating to 1884. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985. The listing includee 35 contributing buildings and a contributing object.It includes the Sullivanesque Lewis and Clark Hotel built in 1917 which is separately NRHP-listed.Mandan was a major hub of the Northern Pacific Railway; it became headquarters of NP's Missouri Division in 1916.
 The Abbeville Opera House also known as the Abbeville Opera House and Municipal Office Building is an historic building located in Abbeville South Carolina. Designed by William Augustus Edwards of Edwards and Wilson it was opened in 1904 and dedicated in 1908.
 South Tunbridge Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church on VT 110 1/3 miles north of the Royalton town line in Tunbridge Vermont.It was built in 1833 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Benjamin Van Keuren House Ruin is located at the corner of Bruyn Turnpike and Benjamin van Keuren Drive in the western portion of the Town of Shawangunk in Ulster County New York USA. It was the site of the house built in 1745 by Van Keuren and his wife Sarah early settlers of the area.
 The Weston County Courthouse in Newcastle Wyoming was designed by Charles A. Randall and built in 1910-11. The Beaux-Arts style courthouse is the most elaborate building in Newcastle and a symbol of the community's prosperity at the time of its construction.The courthouse features a two story central pavilion supported by paired Ionic columns supporting an entablature and pediment. The parapet is ornamented by galvanized metal globes with astatue of Justice on the top of the pediment.
 Three historic sites within the St. Mary's Cemetery near Hague North Dakota United States identified as St. Mary's Cemetery Wrought-Iron Cross Site A and St. Mary's Cemetery Wrought-Iron Cross Site B and St. Mary's Cemetery Wrought-Iron Cross Site C were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. They include wrought-iron crosses. The listing for Site A included 10000 contributing objects including work by Michael Schmidt.
 The Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad Company Depot is located at 100 South River Road. in Baton Rouge Louisiana. It was also known as the Illinois Central Railroad Station. The building currently houses the Louisiana Art and Science Museum.The architectural style of the building is considered Classical Revival.
 Temple Israel is a synagogue located in Kinston North Carolina. Established by Eastern European Jews in 1903 it is one of the oldest synagogues in North Carolina. Having started and functioning as an Orthodox congregation during its first fifty years it eventually transformed into a Reform congregation.
 The Steuben Memorial State Historic Site is a historic location and state park in the eastern part of Steuben Oneida County New York that honors Baron von Steuben the Drillmaster of the American Revolution. The land in this part of Oneida County was part of a 16000-acre (6500 ha) land grant made to von Steuben for his services to the United States. He used the land for his summer residence.
 City Park Brewery also known as the Louis Bergdoll Brewing Company was a brewery in north Philadelphia Pennsylvania built in 1856. Several brewery buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as a historic district. Louis J. Bergdoll started his brewery business in 1849 at 508 Vine Street Philadelphia and briefly operated as Bergdoll and Schemm. From 1856 until Charles Psotta's death in 1876 the firm was known as Bergdoll and Psotta.
 Presidential Administration Building (Ukrainian: Будинок Секретаріату Президента) is an architectural monument of the Kiev city the capital of Ukraine. The building is the main office of the Presidential Administration of Ukraine as well as the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.It is located at 11 Bankova vulytsia and was initially a reconstruction of the Kiev Military District headquarters that was built sometime in 1870s by Oleksandr Shile's design.
 The North Shore Sanitary District Tower is located in Highland Park Illinois. It was built in 1931 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30 1983.The tower is featured on the cover of the album Oceania by The Smashing Pumpkins.
 The South Market Historic District is a cluster of five buildings at the intersection of Market Street and Church Avenue in Knoxville Tennessee United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The buildings which include the Cherokee Building (404 Church) the Ely Building (406 Church) the Cunningham (707 Market) the Stuart (709 Market) and the Cate (713 Market) were built circa 1895—1907 and were used for both office space and residential space.
 The Trinity Cathedral (Russian: Троицкий собор Troitsky sobor; Russian: Троице-Измайловский соборTroitse-Izmailovsky sobor) sometimes called the Troitsky Cathedral in Saint Petersburg Russia is a late example of the Empire style built between 1828 and 1835 to a design by Vasily Stasov.
 The Heritage Acres Farm Museum is an open-air museum that uses costumed historical interpreters to recreate pioneer settlements in central Alberta Canada. In particular it shows the lives of settlers from the early Pioneer days up to the 1960s.
 The Dorpskerk of Staphorst (Overijssel Netherlands) was built in 1951 and situated in the towns centre. The 2300 seats church is enlarged in 1991-92 and is still in use by the Restored Reformed Church.[citation needed]
 Harvard Square Building is located at 1344-1346 Broadway Street in downtown Detroit Michigan next to the Merchants Building. It was built in 1925 and stands at 12 floors in height designed in the Neo-classical architectural style with Romanesque accents. It is currently unused. The current plans for the building calls for a renovation that will include 21 loft apartments. Heritage National Investment has proposed converting the building into 21 residential loft apartments.
 The E.W. Grove Henry County High School building also known as Grove Tower is a historic building located on Grove Boulevard in Paris Henry County Tennessee. It is a two story and basement building of gray pressed brick the first of a few buildings comprising the Grove School campus. Grove High School was the first privately endowed public high school in Tennessee opening in 1906. It was closed after graduating the class of 1969 and replaced by Henry County High School.
 St. Thomas Aquinas Church is a historic church at 130 N. 5th Street in Zanesville Ohio.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register in 1980.The parish is under the care of the Order of Preachers.
 The Church of St. Athanasius is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Tiffany Street between Fox Street and Southern Blvd. in the South Bronx New York City. It is dedicated to Saint Athanasius of Alexandria a Doctor of the Church.
 Wentworth-Coolidge Mansion is a 40-room clapboard house which was built as the home offices and working farm of Colonial Governor Benning Wentworth. It is located on the water at 375 Little Harbor Road about 2 miles southeast of the center of Portsmouth New Hampshire. It is one of the few royal governors' residences to survive almost unchanged. The site is a New Hampshire state park declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
 Oswego Meeting House and Friends' Cemetery is a historic Society of Friends meeting house and cemetery in Moore's Mill Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1790 and is a 1 1⁄2-story frame building sided with clapboards and wooden shingles. It has a moderately pitched gable roof and two entrances on the front facade each flanked by two windows. The cemetery contains about 50 stones and burials range in date from the 1790s to 1880s.
 The cathedral of St. Jakobus (St. James) in Görlitz Germany is the cathedral of the Diocese of Görlitz dedicated to St. James. It was built in neo-Gothic style and consecrated in 1900 as a parish church. It became a cathedral in 1994 due to the reorganisation of East German dioceses.
 Philip Friend House is a historic building in North Bethlehem Township Pennsylvania USA.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Burt Henry Covered Bridge also known as Henry Covered Bridge or just Henry Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Walloomsac River near Bennington Vermont.The bridge is approximately 120 feet (36.5 m) long and 12 feet (3.7 m) wide. It has a Town lattice type truss. The bridge was originally built ca. 1840 and rebuilt in 1989 by the Vermont Agency of Transportation.
 Jabodon is a historic vacation resort in the Town of Washington Vilas County Wisconsin. The resort is located on Cranberry Lake in the Eagle River Chain of Lakes and exemplifies Northern Wisconsin vacation resorts of the early 20th century. Land was set aside for Jabodon in 1922 by the Everett Resort a larger resort established in the 1890s. Jabodon's main house an American Craftsman house was constructed in 1924; its boathouse was likely built in the same year.
 The Iowa State University Campanile is located on Iowa State's central campus and is home to the Stanton Memorial Carillon. The campanile is widely seen as one of the major symbols of Iowa State University. It is featured prominently on the university's official ring and the university's mace and is also the subject of the university's alma mater (The Bells of Iowa State).
 Farmer House is a historic home located near Deatonville Amelia County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story five bay frame dwelling with brick end chimneys. It has a one bay pedimented front porch. Also on the property are two additional contributing buildings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Lookout Studio known also as The Lookout is a stone building located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon within Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona. It is part of the Grand Canyon Village Historic District and is part of the Mary Jane Colter Buildings National Historic Landmark. It currently operates as a gift shop and observation station for visitors with telescopes on its outdoor terrace.
 Saint Mary's Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Davenport Iowa United States at the corner of Fillmore and W. 6th Streets. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church Complex. The designation includes the church building and rectory on the west side of Fillmore Street and the school building operated by the parish and convent are on the east side.
 The Church of Saint Agnes is an onion-domed church building designed by George Ries built 1901–1912 for the German-speaking Austro-Hungarian population of immigrants in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The parish was founded in 1887 by Archbishop John Ireland who wanted to serve German-speaking immigrants who were settling in the Frogtown neighborhood of St. Paul to find work with the Great Northern Railway.
 Singapore Land Tower is a 48-storey 190 m (620 ft) skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. The tower is located at 50 Raffles Place adjacent to Raffles Place MRT Station. It is just 100 metres away from Boat Quay and Collyer Quay.The German and Ukrainian Embassies are located in the building.
 The Hohberger Building is an historic building located in the East Village of Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Clarendon Tower was a high rise building on Worcester Street at Oxford Terrace in the Christchurch Central City New Zealand. Built on the site of the former Clarendon Hotel the façade of the historic building was kept in the redevelopment and is protected by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category II heritage structure. Following damage from the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake the 17-storey building has been demolished.
 Sorrento Hotel is an Italian oasis style hotel in Seattle Washington United States located at the historic First Hill neighborhood.The Sorrento Hotel opened in 1909 just before the Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition was held in the city.The hotel was bought by the Malone Family in the 1980s and fully renovated the building. Sorrento Hotel has won numerous awards and was named one of Conde Nast Traveler's top-25 hotels.
 Altoria (also known as Aimia Tower) is a 35-storey mixed-use skyscraper under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada. The first ten floors will be home to office space while the remaining 25 floors will consist of 152 condos. The office component is anchored by Aimia and will be known as the Aimia Tower.The tower is located right next to Complexe Maisonneuve the Tour de la Bourse and Square-Victoria Metro Station.The project's promoter is Kevric Corporation.
 Pemberton Hall is a women's residence hall at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston Illinois. Located at the north end of the university campus at the corner of 4th street and Lincoln Avenue Pemberton Hall is registered as a historic landmark due to its status as the oldest women's college residence hall in the state.
 The Park Flats are an apartment building in the Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1904 the flats are a four-story brick building with an unusual mix of architectural styles.Around 1900 Charles Mayer left the insurance business and became involved in real estate development. One of his projects was the Park Flats which he built with numerous architectural innovations.
 Bloomville Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church and parsonage located at 35 Church Street in Bloomville in Delaware County New York. The church is a large rectangular wood frame buildings constructed in stages between about 1810 and 1889. It is surmounted by a steep gable roof and a three stage tower. The parsonage is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame building with a hipped roof built in 1904.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Hopkins Store at 75 Murray Street between West Broadway and Greenwich Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1857-58 and features a cast-iron facade in the Venetian Renaissance style from the foundry of James Bogardus one of the earliest of the few remaining facades created by the self-described inventor of cast-iron architecture.The original tenants were Francis and John Hopkins who had a glassware business.
 The Church of St. Martin in Landshut is a medieval church in that German city. St. Martin's Church along with Trausnitz Castle and the celebration of the Landshuter Hochzeit (wedding) are the most important landmarks and historical events of Landshut.
 Bellevue Palace (Schloss Bellevue) located in Berlin's Tiergarten district has been the official residence of the President of Germany since 1994. It is situated on the banks of the Spree river near the Berlin Victory Column along the northern edge of the Großer Tiergarten park. Its name – the French for beautiful view – derives from its scenic prospect over the Spree's course.
 Burlington Hotel in Alma Wisconsin was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sørreisa Church (Norwegian: Sørreisa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Tømmervika about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northwest of the village of Sørreisa. The church is part of the Sørreisa parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The square-shaped wood and steel church was built in 1992 and designed by the architect Viggo Ditlefsen.
 India Tower (previously known as the Park Hyatt Tower; also known as the Dynamix Balwas Tower or DB Tower) is a 126 storey 718-metre (2356 ft) supertall skyscraper that began construction in the city of Mumbai India in 2010. Construction work was put on hold in 2011.
 Engine Company No. 2 is a firehouse located at 1313 Washington Street in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1984.
 The Puye Cliff Dwellings are the ruins of an abandoned pueblo located in Santa Clara Canyon on Santa Clara Pueblo land near Española New Mexico. The site was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 Loma Linda University Medical Center (LLUMC) is a teaching hospital on the campus of Loma Linda University in Loma Linda California United States. The medical center serves as a level I trauma center for San Bernardino County and the rest of the Inland Empire. The hospital has two helipads for use by an air ambulance or other helicopter medical transport. The main tower of the center was built in 1967 and is 11-stories high. It is one of the tallest buildings in the Inland Empire.
 16 Little Park Street (also known as Kirby House) is a Georgian townhouse (Grade II* listed) in central Coventry West Midlands England. It is one of two remaining Georgian buildings on the street and three in the city centre (the other two being 7 Little Park Street and 11 Priory Row). The name Kirby House comes from Thomas Hulston Kirby who bought it in 1874.
 Berkey and Gay Furniture Company Factory is a historic manufacturing plant in Grand Rapids Michigan.
 Onder de Boompjes was a restaurant located in Hattem Castle in Roermond in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1999-2004.Owner and head chef of Onder de Boompjes was René Brienen.The restaurant was originally located on Irenestraat 1 in Overloon but moved in April 2002 to Hattem Castle in Roermond.The restaurant closed down in 2004 due to bankruptcy.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Newton (or Newton Presbyterian Church) is a Christian house of worship affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA) located in the Town of Newton in Sussex County New Jersey in the United States. This congregation established in the 1780s is overseen by the Presbytery of Newton.The first church building was erected in the 1786 at the time Rev. Ira Condit a 1784 graduate of Princeton University was installed as the congregation's first pastor.
 The Toronto South Detention Centre is a correctional facility in Toronto Canada. It is a Government of Ontario-operated medium-security correctional facility for adult male inmates serving a sentence of 2-years-less-a-day or less. It is built on the site of the former Mimico Correctional Centre which closed in 2011 and whose origins dated to 1887.
 Burgdorf Castle (German: Schloss Burgdorf) is a castle in the municipality of Burgdorf in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 The Knut Erikson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker apartment building at 19 Stanton Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c.
 The San Jacinto Monument is a 567.31-foot (172.92 m) high column located on the Houston Ship Channel in unincorporated Harris County Texas United States near the city of La Porte. The monument is topped with a 220-ton star that commemorates the site of the Battle of San Jacinto the decisive battle of the Texas Revolution.
 Jacobsburg Environmental Education Center is a 1168-acre (473 ha) Pennsylvania state park near Wind Gap in Bushkill Township Northampton County in Pennsylvania in the United States. The Jacobsburg National Historic District is almost entirely surrounded by the park. Jacobsburg Environmental Education Center is just off the Belfast exit of Pennsylvania Route 33.
 Bunker Hill School is a historic school at 68 Baldwin Street in Charlestown Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The school was designed by James Rand in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic church built during the 1850s at Cahaba the first capital of Alabama from 1820 to 1826. The unknown builder closely followed plans published by architect Richard Upjohn in his 1852 book Rural Architecture. Exterior features of the Gothic Revival structure include lancet windows pointed arch doorways and vertical board and batten sheathing.
 The Tullie Smith House is a small plantation or farm house built circa 1840 by Robert Smith. It is typical of the usual kind of plantation houses owned by small farmers. The house was located in Dekalb County Georgia on 800 acres (3.2 km2). The last Smith to occupy the property was Tullie the great-great-granddaughter of Robert. By the 1960s the house was surrounded by highways and development and was donated to the Atlanta Historical Society.
 The Eugene Field House also known as Field Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Eugene Field a writer who was raised in the town of Amherst. It is part of the Orchard Hill Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the modernist architecture style and is covered with brick.
 The Rice County Courthouse located at 218 3rd Street NW in Faribault Rice County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is an Art Deco building constructed of natural-face Faribault stone horizontally banded at intervals with sawed-faced stone. Nairne W. Fisher of St. Cloud was the architect for the courthouse and is also credited with designing the Pope County Courthouse. The main rotunda has metal fixtures and Art Deco glass.
 The Museum of Communication is colocated with the Nuremberg Transport Museum in Nuremberg Germany. It shows various ways in which people communicate with each other. It presents
 The Chandler Armory building in Chandler Oklahoma is an Art Deco military building which now houses the Route 66 Interpretive Center a museum devoted to understanding the construction and history of U.S. Route 66. The structure is apparently notable for having the only brick outhouse in Oklahoma complete with original French fixture.
 St. Elizabeth Catholic Church is a historic church on LA 402 in Paincourtville Louisiana.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The American Hotel on the Leidseplein in Amsterdam the Netherlands is a hotel and café restaurant with a Jugendstil reading room.
 The Church of All Saints is the parish church in the village of Silkstone in South Yorkshire England. It is a Church of England church in the Diocese of Wakefield. The building is Grade I listed and dates back to at least the 12th century.
 The Piyale Pasha Mosque (Ottoman Turkish: پیاله پاشا جامع Piyale Paşa Camii) also known as the Tersane Mosque (literally: Arsenal Mosque) is an Ottoman mosque located in the Kasımpaşa neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey.
 The Teatro General San Martín (General San Martín Theater) is an important public theater in Buenos Aires located on Corrientes Avenue and adjacent to the cultural center of the same name. It is one of the major theaters in Argentina and offers venues for the representation of stage works and film as well as art exhibitions.
 The Urbana College Historic Buildings are a historic district on the campus of Urbana University in Urbana Ohio United States. Composed of three nineteenth-century buildings the district includes the oldest structures on the university's campus.
 Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Quaker Hill Connecticut United States. Founded in 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Norwich.
 Khakhuli Monastery (Georgian: ხახულის მონასტერი Turkish: Haho/Bağbaşi) was a Georgian Orthodox monastery in historical Medieval Georgian Kingdom of Tao (modern-day Turkey) in one of the gorges of the Tortum river. The main church is now used as a mosque.Khakhuli was a very important centre of literature and Georgian culture and many Georgian scholars and theologians studied and worked in Khakhuli including Ioane Khakhuleli Davit Tbileli and Giorgi Mtatsmindeli.
 The Church of St. Thomas More is part of a Roman Catholic church complex located on East 89th Street off Madison Avenue the Upper East Side in Manhattan New York City. The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York. Attached to the complex is the church (1870) a single-cell chapel (1879) a rectory (1880) and a parish house (1893).
 St. Julien's Church on Winkle Street in Southampton was the chapel of the Hospital of St. Julien or God's House which was founded circa 1197 as an almshouse and hostel for travellers on pilgrimage to Canterbury.
 Southern Pacific Freight Depot in Yuma Arizona was built in 1891 in the wooden Stick—Eastlake architectural motifs of the Victorian Queen Anne Style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987.
 The Yedikule Surp Pırgiç Armenian Hospital (Turkish: Yedikule Surp Pırgiç Ermeni Hastanesi) is a hospital in the Yedikule quarter of Fatih district of Istanbul which was established and continues to be functioned by Turkish Armenians.
 The William Leaton House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from c.1802 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Grassland. It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Eberz House is a historic home located in the Black Rock neighborhood of Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built about 1892 and is a 2 1/2-story wood-frame Queen Anne-style dwelling on a stone foundation. It features a highly-decorated front porch with turned spindlework and textured surfaces. The Eberz family rented rooms for visitors to the Pan American Exposition in 1901.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 There are three houses named the Harrison Gray Otis House in Boston Massachusetts. All were built by noted American architect Charles Bulfinch for the same man Harrison Gray Otis.
 Union Congregational Church and Parsonage built in 1886 is a historic church located at 110 Bennett Street in Buffalo Wyoming. It was the first church built in Buffalo and one of the first two churches established in the northern part of the Wyoming Territory.
 Poudre Valley Hospital (PVH) located in Fort Collins Colorado is part of University of Colorado Health and serves northern Colorado southern Wyoming and western Nebraska. The hospital has 241 beds and is a level III trauma center. It also houses 11 surgical suites five intensive care unit beds and a level III neonatal intensive care unit. The Hospital is home to a regional orthopedic program and many cancer treatment and rehabilitation services as well.
 The Capricorn Coast Hospital and Health Service (CCH&HS) is based in the town of Yeppoon in Central Queensland Australia. The public hospital serves a region that spans 150 kilometres from end to end in which approximately 25000 people live.The hospital was opened on the 8 February 2010 and cost $21.5 million to build.
 The Churchill County Courthouse at 10 Williams St. in Fallon Nevada was built in 1903. It was designed by Reno Nevada architect Ben Leon in Classical Revival style including a monumental portico with two pairs of columns having Ionic capitals.
 Cambridge Centre is a shopping mall in Cambridge Ontario Canada located at 355 Hespeler Road. In the 1980s Hespeler Road became the city's major commercial area and is now known as the Highway 24/Hespeler Road Commercial District.
 McPhail Memorial Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Ottawa Canada. It is located on Bronson Avenue at Lisgar Street in the west of Downtown. The church was founded in 1888 as an offshoot of First Baptist Church. Its current home was completed in 1893. It is one of Ottawa's best known examples of late-nineteenth century revivalist architecture. The church is named after Rev. Daniel McPhail who served as a minister and itinerant preacher in the Ottawa area for many decades.
 The O'Shaughnessy Dam is located on the Scioto River near Dublin Ohio United States. The dam forms O'Shaughnessy Reservoir which is a major source of drinking water for the city of Columbus. It was completed in 1925 following recommendations of then superintendent Jerry O'Shaughnessy (for whom the dam was named).
 The Alden-Delahanty Block is a historic commercial block at 858 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The large three story brick Victorian building is one of the most imposing commercial buildings in the Globe Village part of Main Street. It was built in 1888 for William E. Alden who operated a dry goods store on the first floor. The building housed shops on the ground floor offices on the second and a meeting hall space on the third floor.
 St Matthew's Church is situated on Carver Street in the centre of Sheffield. It is a Grade II listed building located at grid reference SK351871. The church is part of the Anglo-Catholic movement.
 Fort Sinquefield is the historic site of a wooden stockade fortification in Clarke County Alabama near the modern town of Grove Hill. It was built by early Clarke County pioneers as protection during the Creek War and was attacked in 1813 by Creek warriors. A marker was erected at the site by Clarke County school children in 1931 and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31 1974.
 The Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum (MHOF) honors all musicians regardless of genre or instrument. The MHOF timeline starts with the beginning of recorded music and inductees are nominated by current members of the American Federation of Musicians and by other music industry professionals.
 The Grand Opera House often called The Grand and originally known as the Academy of Music is a historic opera house located in Macon Georgia United States. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 it is now the performing arts center of Mercer University.
 Hermon Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 446 Dave Lyle Boulevard in Rock Hill South Carolina.It was built in 1897 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Arabia Felix Hotel is a hotel in Sana'a Yemen. It is located on the sa'ila in Sana'a in the old part of the city in an old Yemeni house converted to a hotel for tourists.Arabia Felix hotel consists of 4 traditional houses and lies in proximity to the markets the national museum and post office. The hotel has a restaurant which serves Yemeni cuisine.
 Vista Ridge Mall is a shopping mall in Lewisville Texas USA owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States. Constructed in 1989 it is located on the southwest corner of Round Grove Road and the portion of Interstate 35E known as Stemmons Freeway.
 The Johannes Miller House is a Registered Historic Place in the Orange County New York Town of Montgomery. It is located on NY 211 just opposite its junction with NY 416 and another Registered Historic Place the Harrison Meeting House Site and Cemetery. Orange County Airport is nearby.It was built originally as a Georgian in 1771 by Hans Smith one of the early German settlers of the town.
 The Windsor Tower (Spanish: Torre Windsor) was built in 1979 in the financial center of Madrid Spain. This office building was 106 m high and had 32 floors of which 29 were above ground level and 3 below thus ranking it as the eighth tallest building in Madrid (and 23rd in Spain). It was gutted by a huge fire on February 12 2005 and partially collapsed; it has since been demolished.
 St. Sebastian Roman Catholic Church is a Catholic church built for the St. Sebastian Parish of Woodside Queens New York.Although the parish of St. Sebastian itself was founded in May 1894 by Bishop Charles McDonnell of Brooklyn New York there was no building for the congregation until June 14 1896 when the parish's first building was dedicated a year after the demise of its architect Franz J.
 Maine Central School also known as J. Ralph Ingalls School is an historic school building located at Maine in Broome County New York. It was built in 1940 and is a substantial two story nearly square building. It has a steel frame structural system clad in red brick over concrete block and limestone trim. It features a low hipped roof crowned by a multi-stage cupola with a Chippendale-inspired balustrade in the Colonial Revival style.
 Hoima Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Hoima Hospital is a hospital in the town of Hoima in Hoima District western Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Bulisa Hoima Kibaale and Masindi.
 The St. Stanislaus Kostka Church (pol. Kościół Świętego Stanisława Kostki) is a historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 1351 West Evergreen Avenue in the Pulaski Park neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. St. Stanislaus Kostka Church is the 'mother church' of all other Polish churches in the Archdiocese of Chicago.It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. Along with Basilica of St.
 The Contoocook Railroad Bridge is a covered bridge on the former Contoocook Valley (first Concord & Claremont later Boston & Maine) Railroad line spanning the Contoocook River in the center of the village of Contoocook New Hampshire United States. It is referred to in the National Register of Historic Places as the Hopkinton Railroad Covered Bridge for the town of Hopkinton New Hampshire in which the village of Contoocook is located.
 The German Federal Archives or Bundesarchiv (BArch) (German: Bundesarchiv) are the National Archives of Germany. They were established at the current location in Koblenz in 1952.They are subordinated to the State Minister of Culture (as of 2014 Monika Grütters) and before 1998 to the Federal Ministry of the Interior.The institution's 2009 budget amounted to 54.6 million Euro.On December 6 2008 the Archives donated 100000 photos to the public by making them accessible via Wikimedia Commons.
 The Starr Restaurant Organization is an organization of 19 restaurants headed by Stephen Starr featuring a variety of cuisines and atmospheres. Most of the restaurants are located in Philadelphia.
 The Gulfview Hotel Historic District (also known simply as the Gulfview Hotel) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 22 1992) located in Fort Walton Beach Florida. The district is at 12 Miracle Strip Parkway Southeast. It contains 14 historic buildings.
 The Southfield Town Center is a cluster of five interconnected skyscrapers forming a contemporary 2200000 square feet (204400 m2) office complex in the Detroit suburb of Southfield Michigan. It includes the Westin Southfield Detroit Hotel restaurants a fitness center and a major conference center for up to 1000 attendees. This office-hotel complex is situated along Town Center Drive off the John C.
 Stanton's Mill is a historic grist mill complex located at Grantsville Garrett County Maryland consisting of five interrelated buildings and structures. The Stanton's Mill building was built built about 1859. It is two stories and constructed of heavy timber frame with a gable roof; an addition was constructed in 1900.
 Greenawalt Building also known as the Kogan Building was a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1863 and was a five-story building in the Italianate style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was delisted in 1998 after it was demolished.
 The Kostabi World Trade Center was an envisioned building in New York City United States. Designed by Mark Kostabi in the 1990s it would have had 160 floors and would have been 2000 feet (609.6 m) high. It was one of the many ideas for the World Trade Center site. The Floor plates at the base of the building contain more than 200000 square feet.
 The Carmen IOOF Lodge No. 84 is an Odd Fellows building in Carmen Oklahoma that was built in 1902. It has served historically as a professional building as a clubhouse and as a specialty store. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is one of four historic surviving Odd Fellows buildings in Alfalfa County that were subject of a 1983 study. The others are the Aline IOOF Lodge No. 263 in Aline theCarmen IOOF Home in Carmen and the Cherokee IOOF Lodge No.
 The Savoy Hotel Moscow is a Russian historical hotel in the Moscow city center re-opened after major renovation in 2005. The symbol of the hotel is a salamander.
 Buskirk Bridge is a wooden covered bridge and is the name of the hamlet in which it is located. It is in the town of Hoosick. The bridge which crosses the Hoosic River is one of 29 historic covered bridges in New York State.Town and Howe truss designs were patented by Ithiel Town in 1820 and William Howe in 1840 respectively. The Buskirk Bridge a Howe truss design and was built to replace a previous Burr arch truss.
 The L Tower is condominium development under construction in Toronto Ontario Canada. Designed by architect Daniel Libeskind the structure will be located adjacent to the heritage-designated Sony Centre for the Performing Arts itself a modernist icon of the city at the corner of Yonge and Front Streets. It will not be built atop the existing building as has been mistakenly thought.
 Lutcher Memorial Church Building (First Presbyterian Church of OrangeTexas) is a historic church at 902 W. Green Avenue in Orange Texas.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Barbelin Hall is the most enduring and memorable building on the campus of Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The structure was completed in 1927 and was the first building on the current City Avenue campus known as Hawk Hill. The building is known for its 165 foot tower which has become a symbol of the University. It is often used as a secondary logo for SJU.
 Valderøy Church (Norwegian: Valderøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Nordstrand on the island of Valderøya. The church is part of the Valderøy parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white brick church was built in 1961 by the architect Øyvind B. Grimnes. It was officially consecrated for use on 29 July 1961. The church seats about 530 people.
 500 Boylston Street is a 1.3 million square foot Post-Modern building located in the Back Bay section of Boston and part of the city's High Spine completed in 1989. It sits next to the landmark Trinity Church Boston. It dominates the western half of the city block bounded by Boylston Clarendon and Berkeley streets and St. James Avenue.
 Kingsley Hall (grid reference ST596731) is at 59 Old Market Street in Old Market Bristol.It was built as a private house in 1706 and restored in the late 19th century for use as a political club and office premises. Originally occupied by the East Bristol Conservative Party by the early 20th Century it had become the Bristol headquarters of the Independent Labour Party who renamed it in honour of the Christian Socialist Charles Kingsley.
 Mitchell House is a historic home located at Fair Hill Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story side-hall double-parlor plan granite house with frame additions built originally about 1764.Mitchell House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Easton Cemetery is a historic cemetery and burial site of many notable individuals located in Easton Pennsylvania. The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.Easton Cemetery's parklike cemetery landscape design is based on the picturesque romantic styles of the early and late 19th century. Its landscape is set with thousands of examples of funeral artwork in a variety of decorative styles spanning Greco-Roman Revival Gothic Victorian and Art Deco.
 Shōfuku-ji (正福寺 lit. Temple of the Correct Luck) is a Rinzai Zen Buddhist temple in Higashimurayama Tokyo Japan. Its early 15th century Jizō hall is a registered National Treasure of Japan. It is considered to be the oldest intact building in Tokyo Prefecture and a unique example of Kamakura architecture.
 Herman Melville House is a historic home located at Lansingburgh in Troy Rensselaer County New York. It was a home of author Herman Melville between 1838 and 1847. It was originally built about 1786 and substantially remodeled in the Late Victorian style about 1872. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick and timber frame dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 2-story rear wing.
 The Amos B. Coe House is home to the Minnesota African American History Museum and Cultural Center in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States. It was built for a local real estate developer in 1884 in the Eastlake Style of Queen Anne architecture. A carriage house in the Shingle Style was added in 1886.The house is located at 1700 3rd Avenue South in the Stevens Square neighborhood of south Minneapolis.
 Krapperup Castle (Swedish: Krapperups slott) is a castle in Höganäs Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Corinth National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the city of Corinth in Alcorn County Mississippi. It encompasses 20 acres (8.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 7137 interments. It is administered by the Little Rock National Cemetery.
 The C. B. Bird House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Notre Dame de Secours (مستشفى سيدة المعونات الجامعي) is a Lebanese medical center located in Byblos Lebanon. It is a private hospital owned by the Lebanese Maronite Order and Monastery of Our Lady of the Succour. The hospital is affiliated with the Holy Spirit University of Kaslik Faculty of Medicine and Medical Sciences and the Higher Institute of Nursing Sciences.
 The Dormition of the Mother of God and St Andrew is a Greek Orthodox cathedral on Summer Hill Terrace in Birmingham England dedicated to the Dormition of the Mother of God and St Andrew. In Greek: The Orthodox Cathedral of the Dormition of the Theotokos and Saint Andreas. (Dormition or Falling Asleep of the Virgin Mary Mother of God celebrated on August 15).The building was formerly a Catholic Apostolic church. It was designed in 1873 by J.A.
 The T.B. Scott Free Library is a public library in the city of Merrill Wisconsin. The building completed in 1911 was designed by the firm of Claude and Starck and funded with $17500 from the Carnegie Corporation. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The T.B.
 The Jesuit Church (German: Jesuitenkirche) also known as the University Church (German: Universitätskirche) is a two-floor double-tower church in Vienna Austria. Influenced by early Baroque principles the church was remodeled by Andrea Pozzo between 1703 and 1705. The Jesuit Church is located on Dr. Ignaz Seipel-Platz immediately adjacent to the old University of Vienna buildings.
 The Philbrook Museum of Art in Tulsa Oklahoma is an art museum housed in part in a 1920s villa situated on 23 acres of formal and informal gardens. The original structure is the former home of Oklahoma oil pioneer Waite Phillips and his wife Genevieve (Elliott) Phillips. As of 2007 the museum has a staff of 60 and an operating budget of nearly $6 million.The museum opened October 25 1939.
 The historic River Place (also known as Stroh River Place) is located in Detroit Michigan bounded by Joseph Campau Avenue Wight Street McDougall Street and the Detroit International Riverfront. It was formerly the Parke-Davis and Company Pharmaceutical Plant. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Lenangsøyra Chapel (Norwegian: Lenangsøyra kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Lyngmo just north of Jægervatnet on the Lyngen peninsula. The chapel is part of the Lyngen parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1996 to serve the northern part of the municipality of Lyngen.
 The University Hospital of Hartlepool is a general hospital in Hartlepool England. It Is part of the North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust and provides healthcare to people living in southeast Durham
 Congregation Agudath Achim (Hebrew: Society of Brothers) was the first Jewish congregation in Ashland Kentucky.
 The Northwood Bridge also known as Goose River Bridge is a historic bridge across the Goose River about 1.5 miles from Northwood North Dakota. Dating from 1906 it is significant as a relatively rare example of a half-hip type of Pratt pony truss bridge. It is also significant as the oldest surviving documented bridge in Grand Forks County North Dakota.
 The Cappella Paolina (Pauline Chapel) is a chapel in the Apostolic Palace Vatican City. It is separated from the Sistine Chapel by the Sala Regia.
 The Beauford H. Jester III Unit (J3) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) prison farm located in unincorporated Fort Bend County Texas United States. The unit is along U.S. Highway 90A 4 miles (6.4 km) east of central Richmond. The unit which opened in July 1982 with about 940 acres (380 ha) of land is co-located with Jester I Unit Carol Vance Unit and Jester IV Unit.The unit was named after Governor of Texas Beauford H. Jester. Jester III opened in 1982.
 The Cathedral of Saint Paul — informally known as Saint Paul's Cathedral — is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Birmingham in Alabama in Birmingham Alabama. Designed by Chicago architect Adolphus Druiding the Victorian Gothic-style brick building was completed as a parish church in 1893.
 Rukhiyet Palace (Turkmen: Ruhyýet köşgi) is a palace in the capital city of Asgabat in Turkmenistan. In the palace held official state events forums meetings meetings meetings inaugurations. The palace was built by the French company Bouygues.
 The Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County Thematic Resources is the title for a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. state of Illinois. Originally the submission included nine separate bridges throughout Fulton County; however since the Metal Highway Bridges' inclusion on the Register in 1980 more than half of those bridges have been destroyed.
 Cataract Engine Company No. 3 is an historic building at 116 Rock Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It also served as the meeting hall of the Richard Borden GAR Post No. 46 of the Grand Army of the Republic.The building was constructed in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is now occupied by a tobacco shop.
 Catholic Church and Rectory formally The Immaculate Conception Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 716 Franklin Street in Clarksville Tennessee.The Gothic style building was constructed in 1880 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Only Remaining Covered Bridge in Northampton County Pa.Kreidersville Covered BridgeHistoric Kreidersville Covered Bridge was built in 1839In 1959 inspired citizens of Northampton County rallied for its preservation after it became known that the State Highway Department had plans to build a new concrete bridge in its place.Kreidersville Covered Bridge became one of the first covered bridges to be recognized for preservation by a committee of enthusiasts.
 The Wedderborg (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌʋɛdərˈbɔrɣ]; Borough of Wedde) is a borg (castle) in the village of Wedde in Groningen in the Netherlands.
 The James L. Fleming House at 302 S. Greene St. in Greenville North Carolina was built in 1902. It is a Queen Anne style house with design credited to Barber & Klutz who published architectural pattern books. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St Faith's Church Little Witchingham is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Little Witchingham in Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a relatively isolated position in country lanes about 9 miles (14 km) northeast of Norwich and 3 miles (5 km) south of Reepham. It is notable for its sequence of medieval wall paintings.
 Crescent Bay is a 75-acre (300000 m2) development featuring high and mid-rise towers for residential and commercial use a shopping centre and five-star beachfront hotel in Karachi Pakistan. Launched on May 31 2006 as part of a US$2.4 billion investment in Pakistan by Emaar properties. The towers will contain approximately 4000 residential apartments. Crescent Bay 1 will feature a hotel at the northernmost tip of the property fronted by a long stretch of public beach.
 Saad Specialist Hospital often abbreviated as SSH is a private hospital in Khobar Saudi Arabia. It is owned and operated by the Saad Group.
 Saint Matthias' Church is a Church of England church in Burley Leeds West Yorkshire. The church was completed in 1854 while the North aisle and the West Porch were added in 1886. On 5 August 1976 the church was designated a Grade II listed building.
 The J. T. Jecker House at 104 N. Liberty in Victoria Texas was built in 1870. It was designed by architect Jules Leffland in Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987.
 Honolulu Hale (originally called the Honolulu Municipal Building) located on 530 South King Street in downtown Honolulu in the City & County of Honolulu Hawaiʻi is the official seat of government of the city and county site of the chambers of the Mayor of Honolulu and the Honolulu City Council.In the Hawaiian language hale (pronounced HAH-leh) means house or building. Honolulu Hale means Honolulu House (although the Hawaiian language word order would be Hale Honolulu).
 The John Pennington-Henry Ford House also known as the John Banks House is a private residence located at 8281 Clinton Macon Road in Macon Township in the northeast corner of Lenawee County Michigan.
 St. Andrew's Church is a historic church located at 44078 St. Andrew's Church Road California near Leonardtown St. Mary's County Maryland. It was built in 1766 to serve as the parish church of St. Andrew's Parish which had been established in 1744. It is a rectangular brick box church laid in Flemish bond with a gable roof and round-arched windows trimmed with brick segmental arches. At two corners stand two-story square brick towers with a diminutive spire.
 The Manitoba Antique Automobile Museum is a museum that is located on Trans Canada Highway 1 in Elkhorn Manitoba. It has a collection of over 100 automobiles that date back to 1908.
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse Dubuque Iowa is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa located in Dubuque Iowa. Completed in 1934 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as a contributing resource within the Cathedral Historic District.
 The Old United States Courthouse and Post Office is a former post office and courthouse of the United States federal courts in Frankfort Kentucky. Built in 1887 the structure housed the United States District Court for the District of Kentucky from then until 1901 and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky from 1901 until it was succeeded. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is now in use as a public library.
 St Lawrence's Church Appleby is in Boroughgate Appleby-in-Westmorland Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of six local churches to form the benefice of Heart of Eden. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Hibbing High School in Hibbing Minnesota United States is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. As the Hull-Rust-Mahoning Mine expanded iron ore was discovered under the existing town of Hibbing around 1918. The entire town of Hibbing was moved two miles south to make way for the expanding mine. The high school was built in 1923 at a cost of $4 million bankrolled by the mining industry which wanted to make the move more palatable for those being displaced.
 La Rive is a restaurant located in the InterContinental Amstel Amsterdam Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one or more Michelin stars from 1993 to present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.0 points (out of 20 possible).Head chef is Roger Rassin (2008–present).
 Hilltop is a historic building on the Mary Baldwin College campus in Staunton Virginia. The original section was built about 1810 with a large brick wing added in 1904. It is a two-story five bay stuccoed brick building. It features a huge two-story hexastyle portico with massive Tuscan order columns. Originally built as a private dwelling it was converted to dormitory use.
 The John R. Cummins House is a historic house in Eden Prairie Minnesota United States a suburb southwest of Minneapolis. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Cummins and his wife Martha Mattie Cummins established a farmstead on the property in 1856. They built the house in 1879-1880 and lived there until 1908. Cummins was a horticulturist who helped to establish the Minnesota Horticultural Society.
 The Old Cathedral (German: Alter Dom) also called the Church of Ignatius (German: Ignatiuskirche) or the Jesuit Church (German: Jesuitenkirche) is a church in Linz Austria. It was built between 1669 and 1683 in Baroque style. From 1785 to 1909 it served as cathedral of the Diocese of Linz.
 The Army Medical Museum and Library (AMML) of the U.S. Army was a large brick building constructed in 1887 at South B Street (now Independence Avenue) and 7th Street SW Washington D.C. USA which is directly on the National Mall. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966 but notwithstanding was demolished in 1969.
 The John and Eliza Barr Patterson House is a private house located at 6205 N. Ridge Road in Canton Michigan United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Van Horn Hotel on N. 3rd St. in Bismarck North Dakota United States was designed by architect Arthur W. Van Horn. It was built in 1916. It has also been known as the Prince Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Notables who have stayed there include Shirley Temple Eleanor Roosevelt General George C. Marshall and Roy Rogers and Dale Evans.
 The Church of the Holy Family is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Staten Island New York City. The parish was founded in 1966 and is located at 366 Watchogue Road.
 The Anoka Post Office is a post office building in Anoka Minnesota United States designed by prolific architect James Knox Taylor. It is built in the Georgian Revival style and includes features such as its rectangular plan a brick exterior symmetrical facades a hipped roof and a dentillated cornice. The doorway has a central pediment and is set in the middle of three arched openings topped with keystones.
 The William H. Towles House is a historic house at 2050 McGregor Boulevard in Fort Myers Florida. On May 29 2008 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is the federal bank for the twelfth district in the United States. The twelfth district is made up of nine western states-—Alaska Arizona California Hawaii Idaho Nevada Oregon Utah and Washington--plus the Northern Mariana Islands American Samoa and Guam. The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco has branch offices in Los Angeles Portland Salt Lake City and Seattle.
 The Château de Lucéram is a ruined castle dating from the 12th and 13th centuries in the commune of Lucéram in the Alpes-Maritimes département of France. The castle is the property of the commune. It has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Congregation Baith Israel Anshei Emes (Hebrew: בֵּית יִשְׂרָאֵל אַנְשֵׁי אֱמֶת House of Israel – People of Truth) more commonly known as the Kane Street Synagogue is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue located at 236 Kane Street in Cobble Hill Brooklyn New York City United States.
 Innovation Tower or Jockey Club Innovation Tower is a building of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. It is designed by Pritzker-prize-winning architect Zaha Hadid. This building will be her first permanent architectural work in Hong Kong. Originally expected to be completed by the end of 2011 it was not finished until mid-2013.
 Skjoldenæsholm Tram Museum (Danish: Sporvejsmuseet Skjoldenæsholm) located 65 km (40 mi) south-west of Copenhagen Denmark between Ringsted and Roskilde is an open-air museum dedicated to vintage trams and buses.The museum opened on land which belongs to Skjoldenæsholm Castle on 26 May 1978.
 The Lace Museum is located in Piazza Galuppi Burano Italy at the palace that was seat of the Burano Lace School. Re-opened to the public in June 2011 after extensive restoration works the Lace Museum offers a complete overview of the laces of Venice and islands and is one of the 11 civic museums managed by the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia.
 The World Trade Center of Brussels Belgium is a complex of skyscrapers at the corner of Albert II Boulevard and Simon Bolivar Boulevard in the Northern Quarter central business district of Brussels. Its three towers are among the tallest buildings in Belgium. The complex was originally planned to have eight towers all around the corner of Albert II Boulevard and Simon Bolivar Boulevard.
 Old Monroe School House is located in the Monroe section of Hardyston Township Sussex County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1819 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 1977.
 The Lafayette B. Mendel House is an historic Italianate house in New Haven Connecticut in the United States. This building designed by New Haven architect Henry Austin was the home of Yale University physiology professor Lafayette Benedict Mendel from 1900 – 1924. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976. The building now houses a law firm.Mendel helped bring the study of nutrition into the scientific realm.
 Institute of Manuscripts named after Muhammad Fuzuli (Azerbaijani: Əlyazmalar İnstitutu) is a scientific centre of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences and this center is engaged in scientific-research archive and library science activities realizes collection systematization security study translation and publication of medieval manuscripts.
 Torringford Street Historic District is a historic district in the city of Torrington Connecticut located on the eastern edge of the city. The district includes properties along Torringford Street (Route 183) the main thoroughfare of the Torringford section of the city.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The district includes five Federal style houses.
 Located prominently on Kent St in Maryborough Queensland Australia the Maryborough School of Arts building is a two storeyed masonry building opposite the City Hall. It was constructed in 1887-8 to the design of Melbourne and Adelaide architect John Harry Grainger. It replaced the first Maryborough School of Arts which was a small brick building constructed in 1861 soon after the establishment of a local School of Arts committee in 1860.
 St. Athanasius Episcopal Church and Parish House and the Church of the Holy Comforter is a historic church at 300 E. Webb Avenue and 320 E. Davis Street in Burlington North Carolina.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Wells Fargo Building also known as Wells Fargo Center is a skyscraper located at 1500 Broadway Street in Lubbock Texas. According to Emporis the building is the 2nd tallest in Lubbock behind only the Metro Tower. A water main break in January 2009 caused the building to have to be evacuated and temporarily closed.
 The Priory Church of St Bartholomew the Great also known as Great St Barts is an Anglican church situated at West Smithfield in the City of London founded as an Augustinian priory in 1123 adjoining St Bartholomew's Hospital.
 Frank R. Howard Memorial Hospital is a rural 25-bed Critical Access Hospital located in Willits California a northern Mendocino County community known as gateway to the redwoods.
 St Michael's Church Churchill is a redundant Anglican church in the village Churchill Worcestershire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Ames Monument is a large pyramid in Albany County Wyoming designed by Henry Hobson Richardson and dedicated to brothers Oakes Ames and Oliver Ames Jr. Union Pacific Railroad financiers. The brothers garnered credit for connecting the nation by rail upon completion of the United States' First Transcontinental Railroad in 1869. Oakes a U.S.
 Woodward Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at East Durham in Greene County New York. It was constructed about 1887 and is a single span dry laid limestone bridge with a round arch. It is eight feet wide and a span of seven feet. It spans a tributary of Cornwallsville Creek.It was built by Jeremiah Cunningham.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Mediterranean Conference Centre is a building situated near the tip on the eastern side of Valletta. The building was formerly a hospital and was previously known as the Holy Infirmary. Today it is a convention centre used for multiple banquets exhibitions international conventions and theatrical shows.
 The Kennedy Gold Mine is a gold mine in Jackson California one of the deepest mines on the Mother Lode. It closed in 1942 and together with nearby Argonaut Mine is registered as California Historical Landmark No. 786. It has since been re-opened as a tourist attraction.The mine is named for Andrew Kennedy an Irish immigrant who reportedly discovered a quartz outcropping in the late 1850s near what is now State Route 49.
 The Daniel Webster Law Office and Library also known as Daniel Webster Law Office is a National Historic Landmark on Careswell and Webster Streets in Marshfield Massachusetts.The office was built in 1832 for Daniel Webster and was added to the National Historic Register and also designated a National Historic Landmark in 1974.The National Park Service described the site's significance in 1974 as:Statesman legal scholar and orator Daniel Webster championed the Union throughout his multifaceted career. 
 BOS Tower also known as Bucharest Office Solutions is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 16 floors and a surface of 11000 sqm.
 The Howell House is a historic house in the Germantown section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The three-story stone house was built in 1795 by William Forbes.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is a contributing property of the Colonial Germantown Historic District.
 Halawa Correctional Facility is a state prison in the City and County of Honolulu Hawaii on the island of Oahu. It is operated by the Hawaii Department of Public Safety. The prison is in proximity to the communities of Aiea and Halawa.The prison has two separate facilities: a medium security division for medium-security male prisoners and a special needs division for both male and female inmates.
 St James' Church commonly known as St James' King Street is an Anglican parish church in inner city Sydney Australia consecrated in February 1824 and named in honour of St James the Great. It became a parish church in 1835.
 The Trinity Episcopal Church Staunton VA. is a Gothic Revival style building in Staunton Virginia. It is an active Episcopalian church in the Diocese of Southwestern Virginia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1972. It is located in the Newtown Historic District.
 Calgary Courts Centre is the largest court facility in Canada and is located in Calgary Alberta. It was constructed by the Government of Alberta and provides over 1 million square feet (90000 m²) of court and office space.
 Richland Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Gadsden South Carolina.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in Richland County South Carolina in 1986.
 Andalusia is the name of Southern American author Flannery O'Connor's rural Georgia estate. The estate is located in Baldwin County Georgia approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of Milledgeville. It comprises 544 acres (2.20 km2) including the house where O'Connor wrote some of her last and best-known fiction.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and opened to the public in 2003. The estate is currently maintained by The Andalusia Foundation Inc.
 The Ismailiyya Palace (Azerbaijani: İsmailiyyə Sarayı) is a historical building that currently serves as the Presidium of the Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan. It is located on Istiglaliyyat Street in Baku.The palace was constructed for the Muslim Charity Society by Józef Plośko at the expense of the millionaire Musa Naghiyev in commemoration of his deceased son Ismayil and was named Ismailiyya after him.Construction began in 1908 and ended in 1913.
 St. George's Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 44965 Blake Creek Road in Valley Lee St. Mary's County Maryland. It was built in 1799 on the same site as three other earlier churches. It is a one-story five bay rectangular gable-front Flemish bond brick structure. The interior has been restored to its 1884 appearance. The church is surrounded by a graveyard enclosed by a low brick wall. It is generally believed that St.
 Taylor-Stace Cottage built in 1847 is the oldest surviving house of European origin in the Wellington region of New Zealand. The cottage is classified as a Category I (places of 'special or outstanding historical or cultural heritage significance or value') historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.Taylor-Stace Cottage was built by immigrants William and Anne Taylor who had come to New Zealand in 1840.
 Ditto Knolls is a historic home located near Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It was built about 1790 and is a five-bay two-story brick house with a two-bay one-story brick rear wing. It features a one-story entrance porch supported by Doric columns. Also on the property is a large stone bank barn and springhouse.
 Our Mother of Mercy Catholic Church and Parsonage is a historic church at 1100 and 1104 Evans Avenue in Fort Worth Texas.It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Lindenau-Museum is an art museum in Altenburg Thuringia Germany. The museum originated as the house-museum of baron and collector Bernhard August von Lindenau. The building was completed in 1876.Its main attraction is the collection of Italian paintings from the late Gothic and early Renaissance age (13th–15th centuries) among the largest outside Italy which includes among others Filippo Lippi's St.
 The Devil's Gate-Weber Hydroelectric Power Plant was built in 1909-1910 on the Weber River of northeastern Utah USA about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Ogden Utah. It was built by the Utah Light and Railway Company under the direction of E.H. Harriman a director of the Union Pacific Railroad. It was one of the first powerplants in Utah designed to feed an electrical grid rather than as a source of power of a single locality.
 The World's Largest Round Barn is a name of the red fairground barn in Marshfield Wisconsin United States. Originally built in 1916 the barn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Central Wisconsin State Fair Round Barn in 1997.
 Dillingersville Union School and Church is a historic church and school building located at Lower Milford Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1885 and is a one-story rectangular fieldstone building measuring 52 feet by 30 feet. It has a gable roof topped with a frame bell cupola. The building ceased use as a school in 1941 and is used as a community museum and educational resource.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Mercantile National Bank Building (known colloquially as The Merc) is a 31-story 159.4 m (523 ft) skyscraper at 1700 Main Street in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas Texas. It is the former home of the Mercantile National Bank which later became MCorp Bank. The design of the skyscraper features Moderne styling from the Art Deco era and was designed by Walter W. Ahlschlager.
 Leeds City Museum originally established in 1819 reopened on 13 September 2008 in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It is housed in the former Mechanics' Institute built by Cuthbert Brodrick in Cookridge Street (now Millennium Square) which has been redeveloped to a design by Austin-Smith:Lord architects and Buro Happold engineers. Gallery and exhibit design is provided by Redman Design.Admission to the museum is free of charge.
 Wiley H. Bates High School is a historic black school building in Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was completed in 1932 and replaced the original Annapolis Colored High School. The school building is named after Wiley H.
 Cannons was a stately home in Little Stanmore Middlesex built for James Brydges 1st Duke of Chandos between 1713 and 1724 at a cost of £200000 (equivalent to £26410000 today) but which in 1747 was razed and its contents dispersed. The name Cannons is an obsolete spelling of canons and refers to the Augustinian canons of St Bartholomew-the-Great London who owned the estate before the English Reformation.
 Knowlton Mansion also known as the Rhawn Residence is a historic mansion in the Fox Chase neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States.The three-story mansion was designed in the Gothic Revival style by renowned 19th century architect Frank Furness as a residence for William Rhawn a successful Philadelphia banker. The house was completed in 1881 and was named after John Knowles Rhawn's wife's great-grandfather.
 The Palais de justice is a courthouse in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1 Notre-Dame Street East in the Old Montreal neighbourhood of the Ville-Marie borough. It was completed in 1971.Though located in the Old Montreal historic district it is an international style structure featuring the outdoor sculpture Allegrocube. The black metal and granite building is adjacent to the Champ de Mars square.
 The Latta Cotton Press is an early mule-powered wooden cotton press built around 1798. It was built and operated at Berry's Crossroad on South Carolina Highway 38 south of Latta South Carolina in Dillon County. It was moved about 2.5 mi (4 km) west around 1950. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on November 15 1972.
 The Roman-Germanic Museum (RGM in German: Römisch-Germanisches Museum) is an important archaeological museum in Cologne Germany. It has a large collection of Roman artifacts from the Roman settlement of Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium on which modern Cologne is built. The museum protects the original site of a Roman town villa from which a large Dionysus mosaic remains in its original place in the basement and the related Roman Road just outside.
 Christ Church Ashford is in the town of Ashford Kent England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ashford the archdeaconry of Maidstone and the diocese of Canterbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Shaw Mansion is a historic mansion at 11 Blinman Street in New London Connecticut.It was built in 1756 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.Since 1907 the headquarters and museum of The New London Historical Society has been located in the Shaw Mansion. The house is known as the Shaw Mansion Museum.
 Pittsburgh Filmmakers is one of the oldest and largest media arts centers in the United States.This non-profit institution in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania began as a filmmaking-equipment access cooperative in 1971.
 The City Center Building known briefly as Centennial Tower is clearly visible as the tallest building in Hayward California. It is the tallest in Hayward and was previously the second tallest until the 2013 razing of Warren Hall on the Cal State East Bay campus. It is currently an abandoned building located between Foothill Boulevard and City Center Drive in the City Center section of Downtown Hayward adjacent to the PlazaCenter mall. It was formerly used as Hayward City Hall.
 The Delaware Museum of Natural History was founded in 1957 by John Eleuthere du Pont near Greenville Delaware; it opened in 1972 on a site near Winterthur. It is known for its extensive collections of seashells birds and bird eggs. The latter is the second largest collection in North America. It is the oldest natural history museum in Delaware.
 The Barre Downtown Historic District in Barre Vermont dates from 1875. It is a 25-acre (10 ha) historic district that includes Italianate Queen Anne Greek Revival and other architecture. It includes 37 contributing buildings one contributing structure and two contributing objects.
 J. Eastburn Barn is a historic barn located near Newark New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1809 and is a bi-level stone structure with a frame front wall and arecessed stable wall. It is constructed of light-colored fieldstone with large roughly dressed rectangular fieldstone quoins. The barn measures 37 feet by 52 feet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Dolph Briscoe Center for American History is an organized research unit and public service component of The University of Texas at Austin named for Dolph Briscoe the 41st Governor of Texas. The Center collects and preserves documents and artifacts of key themes in Texas and United States history and makes the items available to researchers. The Center also has permanent touring and online exhibits available to the public.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Holy Virgin Mary is a neo-Gothic church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Moscow. Located in the Central Administrative Okrug it is one of only two Catholic churches in Moscow and the largest in Russia.The construction of the cathedral was proposed by the Tsarist government in 1894. Groundbreaking was in 1899; construction work began in 1901 and was completed ten years later.
 The Somerset Rural Life Museum is situated in Glastonbury Somerset UK. It is a museum of the social and agricultural history of Somerset housed in buildings surrounding a 14th-century barn once belonging to Glastonbury Abbey.It was used as a Tithe barn for the storage of arable produce particularly wheat and rye from the abbey's home farm of approximately 524 acres (2.12 km2).
 Fairview Plantation was built around the year 1800 by Baruch Duckett in Collington Maryland (now the census-designated place of Fairwood). The house is a transitional federal/Greek revival design considered to be a significant part of the Prince George's County heritage. Fairview is a two-story stuccoed brick plantation house with flush end chimneys and a unique stepped gable at one gable end. Its Georgian plan interior features fine Federal style trim.
 The Montgomery Ward Building is a historic department store building located at Lewistown Mifflin County Pennsylvania. The east facade faces the Mifflin County Courthouse on Monument Square. It was built in 1929 in the Art Deco style and consists of the store building and attached office building. The store is two-stories with a mezzanine level and measures approximately 40 feet by 150 feet. The office building is two-stories and measures approximately 30 feet by 145 feet.
 The Spencer-Shippee-Lillbridge House also known as the Crossways Farm and Walnut Brook Farm is a historic farmstead at 12 Middle Road in East Greenwich Rhode Island. The main house is a 2 1/2 story timber frame structure five bays wide and three bays deep whose construction date is traditionally given as 1772. There is however architectural evidence that it may be older (c. 1750).
 One of the oldest churches in its area St. Mary's was consecrated on the 19 August 1283 by Bishop of Worcester Godfrey Giffard. It is believed that most of the church as it is today was completed in 1325 some 171 years after its first recorded vicar Gerinus in 1154. It is one of six churches in the town of Wotton-under-Edge that together span four denominations.
 Aalto-Hochhaus is a 22-floor high-rise apartment building in Bremen Germany designed by Alvar Aalto. It is approximately 60 meters tall and was completed in 1962. Since 1998 it is protected by the monument protection act.
 The Humboldt Bay Life-Saving Station was originally built in November 1878 on the north side of the entrance to Humboldt Bay in northern California United States near Eureka adjacent to the site of the first Humboldt Harbor Light (1856–1892). Rebuilt in 1936 with marine railways to launch rescue surfboats the historic facility was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 30 1979.
 Saint George of Samatya or Surp Kevork (Armenian: Սամաթիոյ Սուրբ Գէորգ Եկեղեցի; Turkish name: Sulu Manastiri meaning: Water Monastery) is an Armenian church in Istanbul.The edifice built between 1866 and 1887 has been erected above the substructure of a Byzantine church and monastery built in the eleventh century. The complex dedicated to St.
 The Brukenthal National Museum (Romanian: Muzeul Naţional Brukenthal) is a museum erected in the late of 18th century in Sibiu Transylvania Romania housed in the palace of Samuel von Brukenthal — who was Habsburg governor of Transylvania and who established its first collections around 1790.
 St. John Apostle and Evangelist (Spanish: Iglesia de San Juan Apóstol y Evangelista) is a Roman Catholic Asturian pre-Romanesque church situated in Santianes de Pravia northern Spain.
 The Andrew Zirkle Mill is a 1760s era grist mill located in the southern end of Shenandoah County Virginia. The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 after being restored by Glenn Hofecker the owner at the time. The mill is cited as a prime example of the architecture and construction of grist mills and manufacturing facilities of its era.
 The George Earle Chamberlain House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). The house was built in 1893 and its original owner was Frank M. Warren. In 1904 the house was acquired by George Earle Chamberlain who was then in his first term as Governor of Oregon and Chamberlain owned and occupied the house until his death in 1928.
 The Shropshire House is a Greek Revival Federal style house located in the East Main Street Residential Historic District in Georgetown Kentucky. The house was the built in 1814 by John and Mary (Gano) Buckner.The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 East End Historic District is a historic district in Galveston Texas.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Dunkeld Cathedral stands on the north bank of the River Tay in Dunkeld Perth and Kinross Scotland. Built in square-stone style of predominantly grey sandstone the cathedral proper was begun in 1260 and completed in 1501. It stands on the site of the former Culdee Monastery of Dunkeld stones from which can be seen as an irregular reddish streak in the eastern gable.
 Kozłowiec Transmitter (RTCN Kozłowiec) is a 213 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Kozłowiec Masovian Voivodeship in Poland.This transmitter mast which was built in 1998
 The Şemsi Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Şemsi Paşa Camii also spelled Chamsi-Pasha) is an Ottoman mosque located in the large and densely populated district of Üsküdar in Istanbul Turkey.
 The BCV Building (or Central Bank of Venezuela Building) is an office building located on Avenida Urdaneta Caracas Venezuela and is the headquarters of the Banco Central de Venezuela. it is also the largest funder of the city and is covering 27.000 m² on the street level. the building was completed in 1965 and was opened the same year a second compound was built in 1967 which is a tower that reaches 117 meters high and has 26 floors.
 The Concordia Mill is a gristmill located in Cedarburg Wisconsin. It was built by Edward H. Janssen and his brother Theodore along with a Mr. Gaitsch. On April 26 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The mill is located within the Hamilton Historic District.
 Saint Francis de Sales Roman Catholic Church is located at 407 Northland Ave in Buffalo New York. The Italian Romanesque Revival style church previously served as a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo. The church was closed by the Roman Catholic Diocese in 1993. The church is a Buffalo landmark.
 Israel Putnam School is an historic school on School and Oak Streets in Putnam Connecticut.The school was built in 1902 and named after Israel Putnam. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Thornton Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Thornbury Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The district includes 13 contributing buildings in the crossroads village of Thornton. The oldest building the Yellow House dates to about 1750 with most of the remainder dated between about 1790 and 1855. The next oldest house is the Isaac Pyle House built about 1777.
 Manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten camps where over 110000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated during World War II. Located at the foot of the Sierra Nevada in California's Owens Valley between the towns of Lone Pine to the south and Independence to the north it is approximately 230 miles (370 km) northeast of Los Angeles.
 The Spalding Building formerly the Oregon Bank Building is a historic office building in downtown Portland Oregon United States on the northwest corner of SW 3rd Avenue and Washington streets. Since 1982 it has been on the National Register of Historic Places.Architect Cass Gilbert worked on the American Renaissance-style Spalding building while also working on the Woolworth Building in New York City.
 Manville Company Worker Housing Historic District is a historic district bounded by Chestnut Street Angle Street Railroad Street Winter Street Fall Street Spring Street Park Way Almeida Drive and Main Street in Lincoln Rhode Island.The district features Greek Revival and vernacular architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Gärsnäs Castle (Swedish: Gärsnäs slott) is a castle in Simrishamn Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The Hotel Le Plaza is one of the last independent hotels in Brussels and also one of the most ancient. He was built in the early thirties in a Louis XVI style in the heart of Brussels.
 The October Gallery is an art gallery based in central London showing contemporary work from all cultures around the world.October Gallery has been instrumental in bringing to worldwide attention many of the world’s leading international artists including El Anatsui Rachid Koraïchi Romuald Hazoumè Nnenna Okore Laila Shawa and Kenji Yoshida.
 Boshell's Mill is the historic site of a gristmill and sawmill on Lost Creek near Townley in rural Walker County Alabama. The 4-acre (1.6 ha) site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1992.
 The Lithuanian Museum of Ethnocosmology (Lithuanian: Lietuvos etnokosmologijos muziejus) is sky observatory and ethnocosmology museum in Kulionys village located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Vilnius Lithuania. It is the first such of museum in the world. It was established in 1990 next to the Molėtai Astronomical Observatory.
 The Stratford Building is a property in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was built in 1913 as a reconstruction of the first 1902-built Masonic Temple building in Grand Forks which had burned partially on January 18 1912.
 The Cathedral of Saint Patrick and Saint Felim also known as Cavan Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Cavan Ireland. It is the seat of the Bishop of Kilmore and the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kilmore.
 The National Museum of Cinema (Museo Nazionale del Cinema) located in Turin is an Italian motion picture museum fitted out inside the Mole Antonelliana tower. It is operated by the Maria Adriana Prolo Foundation and the core of its collection is the result of the work of the historian and collector Maria Adriana Prolo (it). It was housed in the Palazzo Chiablese.In 2008 with 532196 visitors it reached the thirteenth place among the most visited Italian museums.
 This article refers to the Woodlawn Cemetery in the Elmira New York. For other uses see Woodlawn Cemetery (disambiguation).Woodlawn Cemetery is the name of a cemetery in Elmira New York United States. The most famous person buried in it is Mark Twain.
 The Visitors Information Center also known as the Rose Building is a historic building located in Portland Oregon United States. Built in 1948 it is noted as a prominent product of its architect John Yeon. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.In this his only major non-residential commission Yeon combined the principles of the International style with strong influences of the Northwest Regional style which he pioneered.
 Gen. I.H. Duval Mansion also known as the General I.H. Duval House No. 4 and Charles D. and Marjorie Bell Residence is a historic country home located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. It was built in 1858 and is a two story five bay rectangular brick dwelling with a hipped roof in the Greek Revival style. It features a three bay portico with a hipped roof and supported by squared Tuscan order columns. It was built by American Civil War General and Congressman Isaac H.
 Malolos Cathedral also known as the Basilica Minore de la Nuestra Señora de Inmaculada Concepcion (in Spanish) or Minor Basilica of Our Lady of Immaculate Conception (in English) is the ecclesiastical seat of the Diocese of Malolos in the Philippines. Note: Minor Basilica of the Immaculate Conception or the Manila Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of Manila.
 The Wild Center is a natural history center in Tupper Lake New York near the center of New York state's Adirondack Park.
 Ivy Dale Farm also known as Ivy Green and the Hoffecker Farm is a historic home located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It built about 1786 as a modest house probably erected on the Resurrection Manor plan with a rear kitchen outbuilding. It was remodeled and enlarged in 1845 in a Georgian plan. The brick veneer house is two-stories five bays wide with a gable roof and rear wing. The front facade features a three bay centered frame porch.
 Fort Washita is the former United States military post and National Historic Landmark located in Durant Oklahoma on SH 199. Established in 1842 by General (later President) Zachary Taylor to protect citizens of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations from the Plains Indians it was later abandoned by Federal forces at the beginning of the American Civil War. Confederate troops held the post until the end of the war when they burned the remaining structures.
 Washington School is a school listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada and is located at 1901 N. White Street in the city of North Las Vegas. The school is still open and operated by the Clark County School District.
 Walnut Grove Plantation the home of Charles and Mary Moore was built in 1765 on a land grant given by King George III. The property is located in Roebuck in Spartanburg South Carolina. Charles Moore was a school teacher and used the 3000-acre (12 km2) plantation as a farm. The Moores had ten children and some of the descendents still live within the area.
 The Cathedral Saint Francis Xavier Wollongong New South Wales Australia is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Wollongong presently the Most Reverend Peter Ingham.The Cathedral is the oldest church of any denomination in the Illawarra region.[citation needed]
 St James' Church Charfield is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Charfield Gloucestershire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands on a steep hillside overlooking a valley.
 The Montague Center Historic District encompasses the well-preserved 19th century village center of Montague Massachusetts. Montague Center one of the town's five villages is the civic heart of the town and was also an active industrial area in the 19th century. It first took shape in the 19th century as the site of an early gristmill and the intersection of two east-west and north-south roads.
 The Wilson-Finlay House also known as Mist Lady the Joshua Wilson House and the Finlay House is a historic plantation house in Gainestown Alabama. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on September 17 1976. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1978 due to its architectural significance.
 The John Cole Farm (also known as Intervale Farm) is an historic colonial farm in Cumberland Rhode Island.The farm was built in 1770 east of Manville on Reservoir Road in Cumberland. The John Cole Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Oaks also known as William N. Monroe House is a Stick/Eastlake Queen Anne Style house that was built in 1885. It is located in the San Gabriel Valley in Monrovia California.The Oaks was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Lakeside Village is an open-air shopping mall located on the southern side of Lakeland Florida in the United States.
 Yonkers Water Works is a historic public water works located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. Three buildings remain extant; two were built in 1876 and one in 1898. They are reflective of the High Victorian style. The Tuckahoe Road Pumping Station was built in 1876 and expanded before 1900. The original section is three bays wide and three bays deep with a central projecting pavilion and pedimented gable roof. The gatehouse at Grassy Sprain Reservoir was also constructed in 1876.
 St Matthew's Church Burnley is located in St Matthew Street Burnley Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Burnley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn.
 Shady Lea Historic District is a historic district on Shady Lea and Tower Hill Roads in North Kingstown Rhode Island.The district features Gothic and Federal architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Church of the Ascension is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 221 West 107th Street Manhattan New York City in the Manhattan Valley section of the Upper West Side. It was established in 1895.
 The Lander Park Carousel (1928-1959) known also as Parker Carousel Dickinson County Parker Carousel or Riverton Park Carousel (1959-1976) is a carousel in Abilene Kansas. It is one of only three surviving carousels out of about 68 built by Abilene's Charles W. Parker Carousel Company and it is the only remains of the company in Abilene today.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 Haato & co. (formerly Gelato di Crema) is a retailer of dessert based in Singapore operating a chain of cafes and run by the Dessert Empire Private Limited. A Haato cafe is run either by a franchisee or the corporation itself. Haato primarily sells gelato yoghurt sorbet waffles pastries beverages and hot food. There are as of 2011 seven Haato outlets across Singapore.
 The Church of La Soledad officially known as the Church of Santa Cruz y La Soledad is a Roman Catholic parish church of México City. The parish of Santa Cruz y La Soledad was the seventh parish established in Mexico City. The original church was an Augustinians doctrina de indios that was secularized by the Archbishop in the 1750. In the latter 18th century the church was rebuilt in Neoclassic style which remains to this day.
 The Bond Building is an historic office building located at 1404 New York Avenue N.W. in the Penn Quarter neighborhood. It was designed by architect George S. Cooper in 1901.The building was constructed by Charles Henry Bond for an estimated $300000.A developer bought the building in 1979 and applied for a demolition permit. D.C. Superior Court Judge William E. Stewart Jr. blocked demolition in 1980. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Benjamin N. and Sarah Duke House also called the Duke–Semans mansion (pronounced /ˌdjuːk ˈsiːmənz/) is located at 1009 Fifth Avenue in New York New York. The building was built in 1901. The house was owned by the Duke family until 2006 when they sold it for $40000000 to real estate billionaire Tamir Sapir. Carlos Slim at the time the richest person in the world bought the mansion four years later in 2010 for $44000000.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The William Hickman House located at 31 West Hickman Street is a brick house in Winchester the county seat of Clark County Kentucky United States. Built by John Couchman in 1814 it was originally intended to be a tavern but before he opened it it was bought by local cabinet maker William Hickman. Six generations of Hickmans lived in the house which remained a residence until it was bought by the Clark County Bank in 1982.
 First Church of Christ Scientist in Berkeley California is a building designed by Bernard Ralph Maybeck. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977. The church is widely considered Maybeck's masterpiece.
 The William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial is the final resting place of William Henry Harrison the ninth President of the United States his wife Anna Harrison and his son John Scott Harrison the father of the twenty-third President Benjamin Harrison.
 The New York State Executive Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of New York. Located at 138 Eagle Street in Albany New York it has housed 31 governors and their families. The Italianate building was constructed in 1856 as a banker's private home. Samuel Tilden became the first governor to reside in the house in 1875 and the state purchased it two years later. Over the years various governors have affected the residence.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Crosscanonby is in the village of Crosscanonby Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Solway the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Saint Joseph Hospital is 468 bed medical center located 2 miles southwest of Downtown Lexington Kentucky United States. Founded in 1877 it is Lexington's oldest still existing hospital. It is part of Catholic Health Initiatives.
 The Church of the Redeemer is a historic Episcopal church located at 123 Third Street North in Cannon Falls in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The building was built with limestone and wood in 1867.Episcopal families started meeting in private homes for about eight years before they decided to build a church. The minister traveled from Hastings by foot or by horseback for about 18 miles (29 km). In 1866 the congregation decided to build a church.
 Craig Hospital is a Rehabilitation Hospital in Englewood Colorado specializing in Spinal cord injury (SCI) and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). Craig is a 93-bed private not-for-profit free-standing long-term acute care and rehabilitation hospital that provides a comprehensive system of inpatient and outpatient medical care rehabilitation neurosurgical rehabilitative care and long-term follow-up services.
 The Hugus Hardware store also known as Shively Hardware is a significant structure in downtown Saratoga Wyoming. The establishment consists of two buildings. The original one story portion was built in 1888 while the two story section was built in 1889. Both are wood frame structures.The first building is a gable-roofed frame structure sided with clapboards and roofed with corrugated metal. A plain false front covers the gable end which is at right angles to the two story section.
 The Church of Senhor do Socorro (Portuguese: Igreja do Senhor do Socorro) is a 18th century Baroque sanctuary situated in the civil parish of Labruja municipality of Ponte de Lima in the Portuguesendistrict of Viana do Castelo. The church is the centre of pilgrimages and festivals in honour of the Lord of Help/Distress particularly on the first Saturday and Sunday of July attracting many people from portuguese diaspora.
 The General San Martín Cultural Centre (Spanish: Centro Cultural General San Martín) is a cultural centre located in Buenos Aires Argentina near the major thoroughfare Corrientes Avenue.It is run by the city government and hosts diverse cultural and artistic events.
 The Robert Mouawad Private Museum (Arabic: متحف روبير معوض الخاص‎) is a private residence in Beirut's Zokak el-Blat quarter that was turned into a museum by the Lebanese businessman Robert Mouawad. The palace was built in the neo-gothic style by the Lebanese politician and art collector Henri Philippe Pharaoun in 1911. The museum was inaugurated on May 11 2006.
 Draper Correctional Facility is an Alabama Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Elmore Elmore County Alabama. The prison first opened in 1939 with a capacity of 600 beds replacing the former Speigner Reformatory. Speigner had been founded circa 1900 and employed inmates on a farm and cotton mill on site.
 Stoke Edith House is a derelict country house with surrounding park in Stoke Edith Herefordshire England. The present 17th century quadrangular mansion was preceded by a multi-gabled Elizabethan home. Set within gardens the Grade II listed building was destroyed by fire in 1927.
 The Honkawa Elementary School Peace Museum (本川小学校平和資料館 Honkawa Shogakkou Heiwa Shiryokan) is a museum of the Peace in Honkawacho Naka-ku Hiroshima Japan. The school was the closest school to ground zero. They lost about 400 students and more than 10 teachers and the building took great amounts of damage from the atomic bomb dropped on August 6 1945.
 The Cathedral of St Peter the Apostle (Spanish: Catedral de San Pedro Apóstol) is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaca located in Jaca province of Huesca Spain.It is the first Romanesque cathedral built in Aragon (1070s-early 12th century)[citation needed] and one of the oldest in the Iberian peninsula. Its current appearance is the result of later additions and modifications introduced especially in modern times (late 15th-late 18th centuries).
 The Bangs-Wineman Block on Fourth St. Devils Lake North Dakota was built in 1895. It has also been known as Glicksons Department Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.Its 1985 NRHP nomination does not identify an architect for the building but it is included in the 1989 NRHP-listed Devils Lake Commercial District where John A. Shannon which appears to be a misstatement of local architect Joseph A. Shannon is named.
 Bank of Oklahoma Plaza aka BOK Plaza is a skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma. It is 314 ft (95m) and has 16 floors. According to the corporate website BOK Financial Corporation is headquartered in the BOK Tower in Tulsa Oklakoma
 Cardiff Marriott Hotel is a four star Marriott hotel in the southern part of The Hayes in the centre of Cardiff capital of Wales. It is located in close proximity to Cardiff Central Library and St. David's Hall..The hotel opened in 1986 as a Holiday Inn hotel the hotel was later sold in 1990 to InterContinental Hotels Group to become a Marriott hotel.
 Château d'Oche is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Monitor House is a historic house in St. Paris Ohio United States. Located along West Main Street it is a square brick structure resting on a foundation of stone and covered with an asphalt roof. Although the house is primarily one story tall it is built around a 1 1⁄2-story square clerestory.The house was constructed circa 1860 although its precise date of erection — as well as the names of its first owner and its designer — is unknown.
 The Amelia S. Givin Free Library is a historic public library in Mount Holly Springs Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 11 2004.
 Nordfold Church (Norwegian: Nordfold kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Nordfold. The church is part of the Nordfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The wood and brick church was built in 1976 and it seats about 260 people.
 LIC Building is a 15-storied building in Chennai India serving as the southern regional headquarters of the Life Insurance Corporation of India. It is the first skyscraper built in Chennai and a famous landmark in the city. Located on the arterial Anna Salai (formerly Mount Road) the building is 177 ft tall. LIC Building was the tallest building in India when it was inaugurated in 1959 and was surpassed by Mumbai's first skyscraper the Usha Kiran Building in 1961 which is about 80 m high.
 Axminster Monastery was a monastery in Devon England.
 Touchdown Tavern formerly Roper Hotel or Roper's City Hotel is a restaurant and bar in a historic hotel building in the Second Empire style at 125 East Main Street in Reedsburg Wisconsin United States. The two-storey red brick structure with stone trim and a mansard roof was designed by Edward M. Hackett and constructed in 1886 for $10000. It includes arched window frames brick detailing on the facade and a small porch with ornamental metal balustrade on the second floor.
 The Institute of the Pennsylvania Hospital or Kirkbride's Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania that operated from its founding in 1841 until 1997. The building now called the Kirkbride Center is now part of the Blackwell Human Services Campus.Two large hospital structures and an elaborate pleasure ground were built on a campus that stretched from 45th to 49th Streets along the north side of Market Street.
 Love without Borders! Medical without Borders!Modern Cancer Hospital Guangzhou(MCHG) is a cancer hospital located in Guangzhou Guangdong Province southern China. It was set up by Boai Medical Group China in 2005.
 Ashland Covered Bridge also known as Ashland Bridge or Barley Mill Road Covered Bridge is a covered bridge over Red Clay Creek on Barley Mill Road (near the junction of Brackenville Road) in Ashland in New Castle County Delaware.It is a Town lattice truss bridge following a design of Ithiel Town.It was built about 1860.
 The Church of Saint Athanasius (Italian: Sant’Atanasio Latin: S. Athanasii) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built for use of a Greek College for the formation of Catholic clergy in the Eastern Rite upon the formation of the Congregation of the Greeks by Pope Gregory XIII. In 1872 the church was entrusted to the Congregation for the Oriental Churches. On the 22 February 1962 Pope John XXIII granted it a titular church as a seat for Cardinals.
 The Bradbury Building is an architectural landmark located at 304 Broadway at West 3rd Street in downtown Los Angeles California. Built in 1893 the building was commissioned by Los Angeles gold-mining millionaire Lewis L. Bradbury and constructed by draftsman George Wyman from the original design by Sumner Hunt.
 The Fire Alarm Telegraph and Police Signaling Building usually referred to just as the Signaling Building is located on State Street in Troy New York United States. It is currently used as storage space by Rensselaer County.It was built to implement a new combined fire and police silent alarm system in the early 1920s using telephone wires instead of human bell-ringers.
 Crewkerne and District Museum is a small local museum in Crewkerne Somerset England. It is part of a wider heritage centre which includes local archives and a meeting room.The museum opened in 2000 in an old house with an 18th century frontage.
 The Anchorage is a historic home and farm complex located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. The original section of the house built about 1830 consists of a two-story brick hall and parlor plan dwelling with a raised basement and a slate roof. About 1850 a north facing brick wing was added and the house was remodeled to reflect the then popular Italianate and Gothic Revival styles.
 South River Club refers to both a social club and more recently the historic building at South River[citation needed] Anne Arundel County Maryland where the club met.
 CentralPlaza Chiangmai Airport also known as Central Airport Plaza is a shopping mall in Mueang District Chiang Mai. The shopping malls was established as Tantraphan Airport Plaza (Thai: ตันตราภัณฑ์ แอร์พอร์ต พลาซา) in 1987. Central Pattana takeover and re-branded the shopping mall to Central Airport Plaza in March 1996.
 New Home School and Church is a historic church and school in Bella Vista Arkansas.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Møllergata 19 is an address in Oslo Norway where the city's main police station and jail was located. The address gained notoriety during the German occupation from 1940 to 1945 when the Nazi security police kept its headquarters here. This is also where Vidkun Quisling in 1945 surrendered to the legitimate Norwegian government and was imprisoned.
 The BC Forest Discovery Centre located in Duncan chronicles the history of logging in British Columbia Canada. Its mission is to be British Columbia's foremost interpreter and presenter of the forest community – past present and future. It is a 100 acre site with 3 km of operational 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge railway.
 Marie's Rip Tide lounge is a late-night Bucktown lounge and dive-bar. It has garnered national attention numerous times most recently by its appearance on Late Night with Conan O'Brien where he referred to it as his favorite Chicago bar.
 Harold C. Bradley House also known as Mrs. Josephine Crane Bradley Residence is a Prairie School home designed by Louis H. Sullivan and George Grant Elmslie. It is located in the University Heights Historic District. of Madison Wisconsin United States.
 Bank of America Plaza is a skyscraper located in between Midtown Atlanta and Downtown Atlanta otherwise known as the SoNo district of Atlanta Georgia. At 317 m (1040 ft) the tower is the 60th-tallest building in the world. It is the 10th tallest building in the U.S. and the tallest building in Georgia. It is also the tallest building in any U.S.
 Ellis School is a school building in Ashland Wisconsin which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1980. It is noted for its architecture—the design of Henry Wildhagen—which is of the 19th- and 20th-century revival styles.
 Steinfass House (Danish. Steinfass Gård) is a listed house overlooking Christianshavn Canal in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen Denmark. It is now part of the Sofiegården hall of residence.
 The Cedar Creek Bridge near Haynes North Dakota is a Pratt through truss structure that was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1997.It was one of many North Dakota bridges listed on the National Register as part of a Multiple Property Submission.
 Biddlestone Chapel is a redundant Roman Catholic chapel in Biddlestone Northumberland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building owned by the Historic Chapels Trust. The lower parts of the structure a former pele tower are designated as a Scheduled Monument. The chapel is located on the slopes of the Cheviot Hills in the Northumberland National Park.
 Zoharei Chama Synagogue (Hebrew: בית המדרש זהרי חמה‎ literally Sunrise Synagogue) also spelled Zohorei Chama colloquially known as the Sundial Building or the Mahane Yehuda Clock Tower is a four-story building on Jaffa Road in Jerusalem Israel which features a huge 5 metres (16 ft) diameter sundial on its façade. The building constructed in stages by Rabbi Shmuel Levy from 1908–1917 was built to house a hostel for immigrants and a synagogue.
 Whiteside Barnett and Co. Agricultural Works also known as Canal-Front Warehouse is a historic factory and warehouse complex located at Brockport in Monroe County New York. It is a largely intact and rare surviving example of the brownstone industrial building that once lined the banks of the Erie Canal at Brockport. It is also the only surviving building related to the local reaper manufacturing industry.
 John Green House is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a large rambling 2 1⁄2-story shingle-sheathed gable-roofed residence with gambrel-roofed side wings and a very large five-bay rear wing. It features a wraparound flat-roofed porch on paired fluted Doric order columns. It is representative of the Colonial Revival style.
 Devil's Head Lookout is a U.S. Forest Service fire lookout tower at the summit of Devils Head in Douglas County Colorado. Located on a large pinnacle of Pikes Peak granite the fire lookout point lies within the Pike National Forest and is accessed by hiking the Devils Head National Recreation Trail.The station was first established in 1912 with the original tower built in 1919. In the summer of 1951 the old tower was dismantled and current structure was built.
 Grand Alatau is a residential building project in Astana Kazakhstan. The project has four towers of 20 28 38 and 43 floors and reaches a structural height of 150 m.
 Dibley House also known as Graf House is a property in Fargo North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was built in 1906 in Classical Revival architecture style.The listing included two contributing buildings on an area of less than 1 acre (0.40 ha).It's a grand old home.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Eau Claire Wisconsin was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is designed in Classical Revival architecture style. Also known as Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse it served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 St John's Church Great Harwood was an Anglican parish church located in St Hubert's Road Great Harwood Lancashire England. Its benefice has been united with that of St Bartholomew Great Harwood.
 The Fogg Building is a historic building at 100–110 Pleasant Street and 6–10 Columbian Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The building was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Choice Paradise is a residential skyscraper located at Thrippunithura Kochi Kerala belonging to the Choice Group. It is the 71st tallest tower of India.
 McGuffey Hall is a building at Miami University
 Church of the light (sometimes called Church with Light) is the Ibaraki Kasugaoka Church's main chapel. It was built in 1989 in the city of Ibaraki Osaka Prefecture.This building is one of the most famous designs of Japanese architect Tadao Ando.In 1999 the main building was extended with the addition of a Sunday School.
 McLemore Site located near Colony in Washita County Oklahoma is the site of a prehistoric village dating from AD 1330-1360. It was a Plains Indian settlement during the Washita River phase. Clay figurines from the site suggest widespread tattooing by the residents of this site. Perforated bone pendants used either in necklaces or ear ornaments were also found at the site.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
 Restaurant Cattelin is one of Stockholm's classic restaurants specializing in French cuisine It lies on Storkyrkobrinken 9 on Gamla stan in Stockholm's medieval quarter to the west of Stockholm Palace and was opened in 1922 by Franco-Belgian chef Jules Claude Cattelin although other sources indicate 1897. Frommer's describes it as an old favourite of frugal Stockholmers. It is reportedly popular with artists writers and civil servants.
 353 Central Park West is a New York City apartment building located at the corner of Central Park West and West 95th Street.The 19-story building with its landmark series of receding terraces creating a tower effect was built in 1992.
 St. Benedict Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Evansville Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Evansville. The cathedral is a contributing property to the Lincolnshire Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Heart of Huntsville Mall was a shopping mall located in Huntsville Alabama. It opened in 1961. The mall was demolished in 2007 to make way for a new $150 million mixed-use development called Constellation.
 The Contemporary Austin is Austin Texas's primary community art museum consisting of two primary locations and an art school. The Contemporary Austin reflects the spectrum of contemporary art through exhibitions commissions education and the collection. Locally the museum is often referred to as The Contemporary.
 Inness-Fitts House and Studio/Barn is a historic house at 406 Main Street in Medfield Massachusetts.The house was built in 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 2002.
 Bayer-Hochhaus was a 32-storey 122 m (400 ft) skyscraper in Leverkusen Germany. When completed in 1963 it was the tallest building in Germany for nine years until 1972 when City-Hochhaus Leipzig was built. It was demolished in 2012.
 Public School 11 also known as Highbridge School is a historic school located at The Bronx New York New York. It is a brick and stone building in the Romanesque Revival style. It has three sections: a three story northern section with tower and rear extension built in 1889; a six bay three story wing built in 1905; and a gymnasium / auditorium built in 1930. The oldest section features a mansard roof.
 TELUS Plaza is an office complex in Edmonton Alberta Canada that was completed in 1972 (as the Alberta Government Telephones (AGT) buildings). The twin buildings are TELUS Plaza North and TELUS House. The namesake tenant is the TELUS corporation.The south tower TELUS House (formerly TELUS Plaza South and originally the AGT Tower) at a cost of C$22 million stood as Edmonton's tallest building until Manulife Place was completed in 1981. It is 134.4 metres (34 storeys) tall.
 The G.C. Moses Block is a historic building located in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.
 The Old Calhoun County Courthouse built in 1904 is an historic building located at 314 East Central Avenue in Blountstown Florida. On October 16 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.In 1989 the Old Calhoun County Courthouse was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press. The listing calls it: one of two Romanesque Revival courthouses extant in Florida.
 AMDA-Nepal (Association of Medical Doctors of Asia-Nepal ) is humanitarian nonprofit-making nonpolitical non-sectarian non-governmental organization working with its mission to promote the health and well-being of the underprivileged and marginalized people of Nepal.
 St George's Church Millom is in the town of Millom Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmoreland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Anne Thwaites Holy Trinity Millom and St Luke Haverigg. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is a prominent landmark in the town.
 Sylvia's Restaurant of Harlem (often called Sylvia's Soul Food or just Sylvia's) is a soul food restaurant located at 328 Lenox Avenue (between 126th Street and 127th Street) in Harlem in New York City.It was founded in 1962 by Sylvia Woods. It has since expanded to a much larger space at its present location and an adjacent building. The restaurant also sells a line of prepared foods beauty and skin care items cookbooks and a children's book written by Woods.
 The U.S. Customhouse is located in Kennebunkport Maine. The building was built in 1813 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1974.
 The Smith Wildman and Jennie (Hearne) Brookhart House was designed by architects Clausen & Clausen and was built in 1910.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church building located at Walton in Delaware County New York. It was built in 1832 in the Federal Gothic style and received an overlay of Victorian period decoration in 1883. It is a wood frame structure and characterized by a rectangular meeting house plan including a vestibule nave chancel and sacristy.
 The GE Building is an Art Deco skyscraper that forms the centerpiece of Rockefeller Center in Midtown Manhattan New York City United States. Known as the RCA Building until 1988 it is most famous for housing the NBC television network headquarters. At 850 feet (259 m) high the 70-story building is the 10th tallest in New York City and the 33rd tallest in the United States. Some of the building's nicknames include The Slab and 30 Rock.
 W. J. Hughes Business House also known as C.J. Wilson Store is located at 70 Ocoee Street in Cleveland Tennessee. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Adelphi School is a historic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built 1831-34 by an association of Quakers the Philadelphia Association of Friends for the Instruction of Poor Children who focused on the education of the city's colored population. After the group spent $2520 the school was ready for classes on February 21 1832.The original association owned the building until 1906.
 The Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital (RVEEH) is a specialist public teaching hospital in Melbourne Australia. It is the only hospital in Australia which specialises in both ophthalmology and otolaryngology.
 The Charles Bower House is a historic house located north of Jerome Idaho United States. The lava rock house was built by mason H.T. Pugh in 1917. The listing includes a 2.5-acre (1.0 ha) area. In addition to its rock walls the home features a gable roof with exposed rafters and wide eaves. The original roof was replaced after a 1921 storm.
 Ottumwa Public Library is a public library located in downtown Ottumwa Iowa United States. The current building was built in 1901. It is part of the Central Park area which is the civic center of the community. It includes the Wapello County Courthouse Ottumwa City Hall and St. Mary of the Visitation Catholic Church. The library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Cathedral Basilica of the Sacred Heart the fifth-largest cathedral in North America is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. It is located at 89 Ridge Street in Newark New Jersey. Envisioned as a fitting monument to the faith construction began in 1899 and was finished in 1954. The original design called for an English/Irish-gothic church but plans were later modified in favor of a French-gothic style.
 The Church of St. Clare located in Staten Island New York City is the largest parish under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
 Sta. Ursula Parish Church is a 200 year old church located in the heart of Binangonan Rizal. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo.
 The Green Mercantile Store located in Buffalo Creek Colorado is a two-story building constructed of native granite in 1898 by John W. Green Sr. The post office operated in this building as well.
 The Nao Victoria Museum is located in Punta Arenas Chile and has been open to the public since 1 October 2011. The museum is private the owner has received the Medal of the President of Chile for his work in promoting national identity during the celebrations for the bicentenary of the independence of the South American country.Spanish Vice Consul in Punta Arenas gave the entrepreneur the prize Hispanic Identity for the building of the Nao Victoria Replica.
 The John Motheral House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from c.1805 was enlarged c.1870 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It was built as a log building in c.1805 probably of single pen construction and was enlarged c.1870 to have an imposing two story frame construction. Other Williamson County structures that were enlarged in this way in approximately the same time period include the Sherwood Green House and the William Leaton House.
 State Correctional Institution – Mahanoy is a 1000 cell all male Medium-Security correctional facility located along Interstate 81 in Schuylkill County Pennsylvania.
 Stockland Townsville Shopping Centre is centrally located in Aitkenvale within the urban area of Townsville Queensland Australia. The shopping centre is Townsville's largest shopping centre. In 1987 Stockland Townsville opened after a major upgrade to what was previously known as Nathan Plaza (named after the street the centre ran along).
 Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum (山口県立山口博物館 Yamaguchi Kenritsu Yamaguchi Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Yamaguchi Japan dedicated to the natural history and history of Yamaguchi Prefecture. It also has displays relating to science technology and astronomy. The museum opened as the Bōchō Educational Museum in 1912 and moved to its present location in 1917 reopening as the Yamaguchi Prefectural Educational Museum. The current building dates to 1967.
 Mount Carmel Hospital is a private hospital in Churchtown Dublin Ireland offering healthcare to privately insured patients[citation needed]. Founded in 1949 it is part of the Mount Carmel Medical Group which includes Aut Even Hospital in Kilkenny and St. Joseph's Hospital Sligo.
 The Museum of Almería is one of the most important museums in the Almerian province and maintains the largest collection of archaeological remains in Almería. The Museum is situated in Almería (Andalusia Spain) Carretera de Ronda Street 91. In 2006 the museum moved to a new building designed by Ignacio García Pedrosa y Ángela García de Paredes. The building won two awards (PAD and ARCO) in 2004.
 First Presbyterian Church of Langford is a historic Presbyterian church at the junction of Main and Findley Streets in Langford South Dakota.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Hotel Jumolhari is a hotel in Thimphu Bhutan located in the heart of the city on the Chang Lam at Clock Tower Square.The hotel is situated next door to the Hotel Druk and overlooks the Changlimithang Stadium. The hotel built in the Bhutanese style inside and out has 26 rooms and its restaurant is noted for its Indian cuisine.
 The Joseph F. and Anna B. Schrot Farm is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) subsistence farm located at 880 Carbon Mine Road in Lawrence Township Clearfield County Pennsylvania. The farm was established in 1889 by Joseph F. and Anna B. Schrot a stonemason and his wife who immigrated to Clearfield County from Austria in 1883. Stone quarries at nearby Curwensville had created a local demand for masons and Joseph Schrot was one of many Europeans who came to Clearfield County to take construction work.
 The Colston Hall is a concert hall and grade II listed building situated on Colston Street Bristol England. A popular venue catering for a variety of different entertainers it seats approximately 2075 and provides licensed bars a café and restaurant.The venue is owned by Bristol City Council but since April 2011 it has been run by the independent Bristol Music Trust.
 Heart Prairie Lutheran Church of Whitewater Wisconsin was a historic church organized in 1844 by pioneer Lutheran minister Claus Lauritz Clausen.Before the church was built services were held under oak trees in the Lyman School and in log cabins. One of those early log cabins owned by Gundar Halvorsen now sits on the campus of the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater.
 The Meffan Institute is a museum and art gallery in Forfar Angus. It houses a variety of exhibits of local interest in Angus including a collection of Pictish stones particularly the Dunnichen Stone and the Kirriemuir Sculptured Stones as well as Roman and Mediaeval artifacts found in the local area.
 The Pfleger Family Houses are a pair of adjacent historic residences in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in the Queen Anne style in the late nineteenth century they were the homes of multiple members of the locally prominent Pfleger family.
 Shawnee Mission Medical Center is a full-service 504-bed Seventh-day Adventist hospital located in Merriam near Interstate 35 at 9100 W. 75th St in Johnson County Kansas.
 Old Union County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Vine and Market Streets in New Berlin Union County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1815 and renovated in 1855-1857 to convert it to a schoolhouse. It is a 2 1/2-story brick building three bays wide and four bays deep with a gable roof. The roof features a center cupola. It was used as a school until 1952.It now houses the New Berlin Heritage Museum also known as the New Berlin Post Office and the Courthouse Museum.
 The former First Presbyterian Church now the Ecumenical Theological Seminary is located at 2930 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was built in 1889 as the First Presbyterian Church.The building listed on the National Register of Historic Places is a designated Michigan State Historic Site (1979) and a contributing property to the Brush Park Historic District.
 Manitoba Hydro Place is the headquarters building of Manitoba Hydro the electric power and natural gas utility in the province of Manitoba Canada. The building is located at 360 Portage Avenue in downtown Winnipeg and is connected to the Winnipeg Walkway system.Opened as Winnipeg's 4th tallest building in September 2009 the 21-story office tower brought together 1650 employees from 15 suburban locations into one 695000 sq ft (64568 m2) highrise on a full downtown block.
 The Scarborough Civic Centre located in Toronto Ontario was designed by architect Raymond Moriyama for the then Borough of Scarborough. It was officially opened by then mayor Albert Campbell and Queen Elizabeth II in 1973. The building served as the municipal office and office for the Scarborough Board of Education. From 1983 to 1997 it was City Hall for the then City of Scarborough.
 Tbilisi City Hall (Georgian: თბილისის მერია t'bilisis meria) is a clock-towered edifice situated in the southern side of Freedom Square (in Georgian - tavisuplebis moedani) Tbilisi capital of Georgia. It houses the Mayor’s office and the City Assembly (sakrebulo).
 The Fire Station No. 2 (also known as the Old Fire Station No. 2) is a historic fire station in Miami Florida. It is located at 1401 North Miami Avenue. On January 4 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by architect August C. Geiger.This building is now owned by a community redevelopment agency (aka CRA) called the OMNI CRA. Ownership was transferred from the City of Miami.
 The San Farlando Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Kvaløy Church (Norwegian: Kvaløy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Kaldfjord on the island of Kvaløya. The church is part of the Kvaløy parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1962 and it seats about 260 people. The building was designed by the architect Gunnar B. Haugen.
 The Church of Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal was a Roman Catholic parish a part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.The church was located at 114th Street and 7th Avenue in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1927 to serve the Spanish-speaking community of upper Manhattan and the Bronx. It was the second parish established in the Archdiocese to serve this growing population the first being the Church of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Greenwich Village.
 Saint Louis Cathedral (French: La cathédrale Saint-Louis de Carthage) is an old Roman Catholic cathedral located in Carthage Tunisia.Situated on the peak of Byrsa Hill and near the ruins of the ancient Punic and then Roman city the cathedral is no longer used for worship but hosts concerts of Tunisian music and classical music. The only Roman Catholic cathedral operating in Tunisia is now the Cathedral of St. Vincent de Paul in Tunis.
 Eastgate Metroplex is an indoor mixed-use professional/retail complex in Tulsa Oklahoma. The building was originally a shopping mall that opened in 1984 as the Eastland Mall but was revitalized into its current use after years of decline.
 The Bishop House in Casper Wyoming was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Munroe Building is a historic building at 1227-1259 Hancock Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The DuMont Building (also known as 515 Madison Avenue) is a 532 foot (162 m) high building at 53rd Street and Madison Avenue in New York City.The building was built in art deco and neo-gothic style by John H. Carpenter and designed by his brother architect J.E.R.
 The Old Mayo Free Press Building built in 1888 to house the Mayo Free Press newspaper is an historic 20x40-foot wooden frame building located at 124 Fletcher Street North (State Road 51) in Mayo Florida.
 The Thomas Swadkins House is a historic house at 160 Westminster Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame was built c. 1882 and features both Gothic and Italianate styling. The gable decorations and porch railing are Gothic while the house massing and brackets are Italianate. It was one of the first houses built when the Crescent Hill area was developed.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It was renovated and expanded in 2009.
 Bayezid II Mosque (Amasya) is a historical 15th century Mosque in Amasya Turkey. The mosque was built in 1486 by order of the Ottoman sultan Bayezid II it is the largest Külliye of the city.
 Century House also known as Brick House and Beauregard’s Headquarters is a historic plantation home located near Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1853 and is a large two-story brick house in the Greek Revival style. It features double-tiered balustraded piazzas and a crowing pediment on the façade. The double doors on both floors have glass transoms and sidelights.
 The E. A. Durgin House is a historic house at 113 Summer Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Second Empire style house was built c. 1870 for E. A. Durgin a local shoe dealer and is one of Stoneham's most elaborately styled 19th century houses. Its main feature is a square tower with a steeply pitched gable roof that stands over the entrance. The gable of the tower is clad in scallped wood shingles and includes a small window that is topped by its own gable.
 The Harmony Hall Fukui (ハーモニーホールふくい Hāmonī Hōru Fukui) formally called Fukui-kenritsu Ongakudō (福井県立音楽堂) often abbreviated as HHF is a concert hall located in Fukui Fukui Japan.
 John M. Paterson School is a historic junior high school building located in the Penrose neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1920-1921. It is a three-story eight bay by three bay brick building on a raised stone basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a large center entrance stone coping and a parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Hōkoku-ji (報国寺) is an old temple in the Kenchō-ji school of the Rinzai sect of Zen Buddhism located in Kamakura Japan. Famous for its bamboo garden it is also known as Bamboo Temple. A statue of Gautama Buddha called Shaka Nyorai in Japanese in a sacred hall is the temple's principal image. The original of a statue of Sho Kan'non is on display at the Kamakura Museum of National Treasures.
 St Martin Vintry was a parish church in the Vintry ward of the City of London England. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and never rebuilt.
 Gasworks Gallery is a contemporary art organisation based near the Oval Cricket Ground in Kennington South East London which comprises a gallery and 15 artist studios as well offering residencies international fellowships and educational projects.It is part of The Triangle Network an international network or residencies and workshops offering artists the opportunity develop their practice stimulated by a climate of international exchange and dialogue.Eight studios are rented to London-based artists and three are reserved for an International Residency Programme for non-UK based artists. 
 The Château du Houssoy is a ruined 14th and 15th century castle in the commune of Crouy-sur-Ourcq in the Seine-et-Marne département of France.It has been listed since twice as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. One wing furnished with machicolations extending along the Avenue de la Gare was listed in 1932. The keep and the gabled wall of the former house including its chimneys were added in 1962.
 The Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn (MDC Brooklyn) is a United States federal administrative detention facility in Brooklyn New York which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.Most prisoners held at MDC Brooklyn have pending cases in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. MDC Brooklyn also holds prisoners serving brief sentences.
 The Tropenmuseum (English: Museum of the Tropics) is an anthropological museum located in Amsterdam the Netherlands and established in 1864.One of the largest museums in Amsterdam the museum accommodates eight permanent exhibitions and an ongoing series of temporary exhibitions including both modern and traditional visual arts and photographic works.
 Anthony Holmead Archeological Site at Mitchell Park is a historic building located at 1801 23rd Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood.
 The Falcon Tabernacle also known as the Octagon Tabernacle and the Little Tabernacle is an historic octagon-shaped Pentecostal Holiness church building in Falcon North Carolina. Built in 1898 it was designed by Julius A. Culbreth (1871-1950) for prayer meetings and was built using wood from trees that had been uprooted by a tornado. Culbreth who was the founder of Falcon chose the octagon shape because it reminded him of the tents used in revival meetings.
 Nanxiang Bun Shop (simplified Chinese: 南翔馒头店; traditional Chinese: 南翔饅頭店; pinyin: nánxiáng mántóu diàn) is a traditional Shanghai eatery located in the City God Temple precinct in the old Chinese section of the city. It was established in 1900. Nanxiang is a town near Shanghai where the xiaolong mantou was invented. The restaurant has more recently expanded internationally with branches in South Korea and Japan.
 The Orchards Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Benton Harbor Michigan. Opened in 1979 it is anchored by J. C. Penney Carson's and Jo-Ann Fabrics.
 Concordia Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It consists of a 15-acre (61000 m2) rectangular plot and was founded in 1859 by three German congregations; First Trinity Lutheran Church St. Peter's Evangelical Church and St. Stephen's Evangelical Church. It has an important association with the immigrant German community in Buffalo during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 English Martyrs Church or its full name The Church of St Thomas of Canterbury and the English Martyrs is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Preston Lancashire. It was designed by Edward Welby Pugin and is under the administration of the Diocese of Lancaster. It is near to Preston city centre and stands on the corner of the A6 between Aqueduct Road and St George's Road.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is an historic cathedral on Cumberland Avenue and Congress Streets in Portland Maine. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland. The Cathedral’s Pastor is Bishop Richard Malone and its Rector is Father Louis Phillips.Construction began in 1866 under the supervision of New York architect Patrick Keely. After being devastated by fire the church was finally completed on September 8 1869.
 The Renfrew Mill No. 2 was a historic mill complex at 217 Columbia Street in Adams Massachusetts. Most of its buildings were built between 1867 and 1878 and were brick buildings with Italianate styling. They were built by the Renfrew Manufacturing Company a textile manufacturer to replace an earlier complex further down Columbia Street that had been demolished.
 Iglesia de San Juan (Alevia) is a church in Asturias Spain. Founded in the late 14th century the building is currently a baroque temple with remnants of the original construction. It has a Gothic single nave with side porch and double chapel on the north side.
 The Inn at Little Washington is a luxury country inn and restaurant located in Washington Virginia. Patrick O'Connell and Reinhardt Lynch founded the Inn in a former garage in 1978. It has been a member of the Relais & Châteaux hotel group since 1987.
 The Enoch Whitmore House is an historic house at 12 Daniels Lane in Ashburnham Massachusetts. The rambling Federal style wood frame house is estimated to have been built in the second decade of the 19th century probably after the 1818 marriage of Enoch Whitmore to Clarissa Willard and the sale of the land on which it stands by Isaac Whitmore to his son.
 Old St. Mary Church was built in 1847 in Milwaukee Wisconsin by the Old St. Mary Parish. The parish was founded a year earlier by German Catholic immigrants. Milwaukee having been incorporated only the year before was still a young city at that time and Wisconsin hadn't yet become a state. Old St. Mary's is the oldest church still standing in the city.The church was designed by Victor Schulte a Prussian immigrant who designed three other religious buildings in the area.
 The Longxing Monastery or Longxing Temple (Chinese: 隆興寺; pinyin: Lóngxīng Sì) is an ancient Buddhist monastery located near the town of Zhengding in Hebei Province China approximately 15 kilometers north of the provincial capital of Shijiazhuang. It has been referred to as the First Temple south of Beijing.
 Sonoma Mountain Zen Center (or Genjoji) is a Soto Zen practice center located on 80 acres (30 ha) in the mountainous region of Sonoma County in California—near Santa Rosa—carrying on the tradition and lineage of Shunryu Suzuki. Founded by Jakusho Kwong and his wife Laura Kwong in 1973 Kwong-roshi is the current guiding teacher of the Zen center.
 Lloyd Center is a shopping mall in the Lloyd District of Portland Oregon United States just northeast of downtown. It is owned by Cypress Equities Real Estate Investment Management and anchored by Macy's Nordstrom Sears and Marshalls. The mall features three floors of shopping with the third level serving mostly as professional office spaces a food court U.S. Education Corporation's Apollo College and an indoor Regal Cinemas multiplex.
 H. L. Bruce House is a historic home at 202 South Poplar Street Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Explosion! is the Museum of Naval Firepower situated in the former Royal Naval Armaments Depot at Priddy's Hard in Gosport Hampshire England. The museum tells the story of naval firepower from Gunpowder to the Exocet missile. It now forms part of the National Museum of the Royal Navy.The museum has a waterside coffee shop which looks out on to the original 18th century camber dock.
 Gaujiena Castle (German: Schloss Adsel; Estonian: Atsele ordulinnus) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia. It was built between 1236 and 1238. Severely damaged in 1702 during the Great Northern War the structure was abandoned.
 St Michael and All Angels' Church Thornton is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Thornton Buckinghamshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the north of the village in the grounds of Thornton Hall (now a girls' boarding school) to the east of the River Ouse some 4 miles (6 km) northeast of Buckingham.
 Smith Estate also known as Longwood Estate - Smith House is a historic estate located at Ridge in Suffolk County New York. It is preserved and maintained by the Town of Brookhaven. The Longwood Estate is part of a huge parcel of land originally purchased by William Tangier Smith in the 1600s which he called Manor St. George.
 Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park is a historical site preserving an 1895 alternating current (AC) hydroelectric power station—one of the first in the United States.Before the Folsom powerhouse was built nearly all electric power houses were using direct current (DC) generators powered by steam engines located within a very few miles of where the power was needed.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at Church St. in Valatie Columbia County New York. It was built in 1878 and is a one story rectangular building built of face brick with limestone trim in the High Victorian Gothic style. It features three very steep gable roofs surfaced with polychrome slate dormer windows a porte cochere and an engaged brick tower capped by an open belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 H.O. Andrews Feed Mill also known as Mapleton Farm and Garden is a historic feed mill located at Mapleton in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1914 and is a 3 1/2-story frame building measuring 40 feet by 35 feet. It sits on a concrete block foundation and has clapboard siding. Attached to the mill is a two-story frame addition a coal and lumber storage shed and one-story frame addition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Round Barn Bruce Township Section 6 is located in Bruce Township Benton County Iowa. It was built in 1914 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18.29m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a conical roof. The structure does not have a cupola but there is a silo that rises from the center.
 Falak-ol-Aflak Castle (in Persian: دژ شاپورخواست‎ Dež-e Shāpūr-Khwāst in ancient times known as Dežbār as well as Shāpūr-Khwāst) is a castle situated on the top of a large hill with the same name within the city of Khorramabad the regional capital of Lorestan province Iran.
 The Mahnke House is an historical residential building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. The house was built in 1909 in the Prairie School style. The exterior is covered in Flemish bond brick veneer. It features a hip roof a single-story west side solarium a rear porch and a flat-roofed centered front portico with a raised entrance and square paned window lights.
 Charing Cross Hospital is an acute general teaching hospital located in Hammersmith London United Kingdom. The present hospital was opened in 1973 although it was originally established in 1818 several miles away in central London.It is part of Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust and is a teaching hospital of the Imperial College School of Medicine. It is a tertiary referral centre for neurosurgery and is a national centre of excellence for gestational trophoblastic disease.
 Samode Palace Samode Haveli and Samode Bagh (Garden) are heritage monuments and structures built by the noble feudatory with the hereditary title of 'Maha Rawal' or 'Maha Saheb’ of the Amber and Jaipur principality in Rajasthan India. All three have rich history of several hundred years and display a fusion of Mughal and Rajasthani art and architecture.
 The Church of St John the Baptist Hoxton usually known as St John's Hoxton is an urban Anglican church in Hoxton Hackney. Nearby is Silicon Roundabout and Aske Gardens named after the parish patron's major benefactor Robert Aske.
 The U.S. Post Office–Blackfoot Main also known as Blackfoot Main Post Office in Blackfoot Idaho was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It has Moderne architecture.
 Henry Clay's Law Office was the law office of American statesman Henry Clay in Lexington Kentucky from 1803 to 1810. The building is also notable for being one of few professional building remaining from that era.
 Brookfield Place (formerly BCE Place) is an office complex in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada comprising the 2.1 ha (5.2-acre) block bounded by Yonge Street Wellington Street West Bay Street and Front Street. The complex contains 242000 m2 (2604866 sq ft) of office space and consists of two towers Bay Wellington Tower and TD Canada Trust Tower linked by the six-storey Allen Lambert Galleria. Brookfield Place is also the home of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Margaret also known as Ayr Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Ayr Scotland. It is the seat of the Bishop of Galloway and the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Galloway. St Margarets was designated a cathedral in 2007 and is the most recent church to be given status as a Roman Catholic cathedral in the United Kingdom due to the closure of Good Shepherd Cathedral Ayr.
 Fairmont Pacific Rim is an upscale hotel and condominium building in Vancouver British Columbia. It stands at 140 m or 48 stories tall and was completed just prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics on February 4 2010.
 Hotel Mehran is considered as a four-star hotel located at Main Shara-e-Faisal Karachi Pakistan. This hotel is owned by Hayat Services (Pvt) Ltd. under the leadership of Mr. Abdul Rahim Baloch.
 Sanford House also known as Sanford Residence is a historic home designed by Ward Wellington Ward and built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was listed for its architecture.
 Old Union Meetinghouse (Union Baptist Church) is a historic church on U.S. 2 in Farmington Maine.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Aaron Ferrey House also known as the Winan Snyder House is a historic structure located at 5058 Sunnybrook Road in the southern part of Kent Ohio United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1974. The house is an example of Carpenter Gothic architecture and a rare complete use of a design by early 19th century landscape designer and Gothic Revival advocate Andrew Jackson Downing.
 The M&T Bank Building also known as the First Maryland Building and formerly the First National Bank Of Maryland is a commercial high-rise in Baltimore Maryland. The building rises 22 floors and 315 feet (96 m) in height and is currently tied with the Mercantile Bank & Trust Company Building as the 19th-tallest structure in the city. The structure was completed in 1972. The M&T Bank Building is an example of modern architecture.
 Country Bill's Restaurant was a family-owned American-style steakhouse and seafood restaurant located in the Woodstock neighborhood of southeast Portland Oregon in the United States. Adjacent to the restaurant was a bar known as CB's Lounge. The restaurant opened in 1964 when ownership transferred from Bill Blake to Ron Thomas' family. Though Thomas was not particularly fond of the business' name established by Blake in 1960 he was unable to afford new signage and kept the lounge's title.
 Roebourne Regional Prison is an Australian prison near Roebourne in north-western Western Australia. It was established in March 1984 following the closure of Roebourne Gaol.
 Immingham Carmelite Friary was a friary in Lincolnshire England.
 All Saints parish is the Anglican parish of the northern part of the city of Dunedin New Zealand. It is part of the Diocese of Dunedin. The parish boundaries include North Dunedin Ravensbourne and Leith Valley. The parish community is lively inclusive multi-generational and Anglo-Catholic. The building is the oldest church still used as a place of worship in Dunedin. All Saints Church backs onto Selwyn College Otago with which the parish has a long and close relationship.
 The Cathedral Church of the Nativity of the Theotokos (Serbian: Саборна Црква Рођења Пресвете Богородице / Saborna Crkva Rođenja Presvete Bogorodice) is the largest Serbian Orthodox church in Sarajevo and one of the largest in the Balkans.The cathedral is dedicated to the nativity of the Theotokos. It was erected at the request of the Orthodox parish of Sarajevo between 1863 and 1868. The church is constructed as a three-section basilica inscribed in a cross-shaped plan and has five domes.
 Samuel Harrison House is a historic house at 82 Third Street in Pittsfield Massachusetts.
 The KPMG Tower formerly Maison des Coopérants or Place de la Cathédrale is a 34 storey skyscraper located in downtown Montreal that was completed in 1987. It is located at 600 de Maisonneuve Ouest and has an official height of 146 m (479 ft).
 Carriage Crossing is an open-air regional lifestyle shopping center in suburban Collierville Tennessee outside Memphis Tennessee. The property was originally developed by Cousins Properties as the Avenue Carriage Crossing opening in 2005. In 2012 DRA Advisors partnered with PM Lifestyle Centers to purchase the property for $55 million.
 The Henry B. Tompkins House is a historic home in Atlanta Georgia United States. Built in 1922 it was designed by Neel Reid and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house kept its original exterior appearance with gray stucco until 2010 when the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported it had been painted bright orange.The house is on West Wesley Road in the Peachtree Heights West neighborhood an area with many other historic properties.
 Metropolitan Community Church of New York (MCCNY) is a LGBT (lesbian gay bisexual and transgender) Christian church in New York City. While mainly catering to the LGBT population the church is open to persons of all sexual orientations. MCCNY is affiliated with the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) a worldwide fellowship of churches catering to LGBT persons and affirming LGBT-supportive theology.The senior pastor is the Pat Bumgardner a minister and social justice activist.
 Greenwood Cemetery is a cemetery located in downtown Jackson Mississippi. Still in use it was established by a federal land grant on November 21 1821. It was originally known simply as The Graveyard and later as City Cemetery before the present name was adopted in 1899. It is the final resting place of Confederate generals former governors of Mississippi mayors of Jackson as well as other notable figures the most recent of whom is internationally acclaimed author Eudora Welty.
 The Saint Peter and Paul Cathedral and its Jesuit college are national landmarks in Lutsk. The church and college were built for the Society of Jesus of Lutsk in 17th century. The cathedral is the main church in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lutsk the college part of the National university of Food Technologies.
 Smith Hill Library-Providence Community Library is an historic site at 31 Candace Street in Providence Rhode Island.The library was built in 1932 by Albert Harkness and C.K. Rathbone. The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Lawrence County Courthouse is a government building for Lawrence County Mississippi United States located in the county seat of Monticello. It was built in 1913 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 4 1993. It was declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1986.
 Eaton Family Residence — Jewish Center of Norwich is a historic home located at 72 S. Broad Street in Norwich Chenango County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a 2 1⁄2-story tan brick residence with a green ceramic tile side-gabled roof resting on a cut stone foundation in the Colonial Revival style. The main block is rectangular five bays wide and two bays deep.
 Saint Giles Episcopal Church is an Episcopal parish located in Moraga California and part of the Episcopal Diocese of California. The Reverend Justin Cannon is the current priest-in-charge and Bishop Marc Andrus the overseeing bishop. The community currently worships in the chapel at Saint Mary's College of California.
 The Henry Darling House is an historic house located at 786 Harris Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode IslandThe house was constructed in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 26 1982.At the time of its construction this house was located on the rural outskirts of Woonsocket. Henry Darling was a farmer and his house recalls the picturesque farmsteads glorified in the Currier and Ives lithographs.
 SM City Xiamen is a shopping centre in Xiamen city Fujian province China. It is owned by SM Prime Holdings the largest retail and mall operator in the Philippines. It is the first SM Supermall on mainland China which opened on December 13 2001.In Xiamen it is aptly called SM Laiya. The mall has a gross floor area of 126000 square meters with over 500 shops featuring local and international brands. It is strategically located along a busy crossroad --- Jiahe and Xianyue Road.
 Restaurant Les Quatre Saisons was a restaurant located in Zuidlaren in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1981-1985.The restaurant closed before 1993 as the Michelin Guide mentioned the later also starred restaurant De Vlindertuin at that address.The restaurant was located in a renovated Saxonian farmhouse built in 1719. It is the same building that later housed the Michelin starred restaurant De Vlindertuin.
 Evans-Gaige-Dillenback House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1820 and consists of a 2 1⁄2-story three-by-four-bay main block with a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-four-bay anterior wing both of limestone in the Federal style. Attached is a 1 1⁄2-story two-bay square rear wing and attached to it is a modern frame two car garage. Also on the property is a stone smoke house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Central Fire Station is a historic fire station located at Schenectady in Schenectady County New York. It was built between 1924 and 1929 and is a three story brick civic building in the Georgian Revival style. The front facade is dominated by a broad five bay central pavilion. The first floor of the front facade is composed of five segmentally arched entrance bays faced with cast stone.
 Christ Church founded in 1705 is an historic Episcopal parish located at 61 East Main Street in Oyster Bay New York. Several church buildings have occupied this site including one that served as soldiers barracks during the Revolutionary War. In the 1870s a Carpenter Gothic style building was erected. In 1925 it was greatly enlarged and encased in stone. Those additions also included striking stained glass windows.
 Spring Hill is a historic home located at Ivy Albemarle County Virginia. The main house dates to about 1785 and is a two-story brick dwelling expanded in the 1870s and 1930s. The oldest building on the property is the brick field slave quarters built about 1765 and once served as the main house. Also on the property are a brick dairy and kitchen.
 St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 510 Middle Street in New Bern North Carolina within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh.It was built in 1841 and added to the National Register in 1972. The church also hosts St. Paul Catholic School.
 The Montgomery-Grand-Liberty Streets Historic District was the first of two to be designated in the city of Newburgh New York USA. It runs along the three named north-south streets in the northeast quadrant of the city and includes 250 buildings in its 1010 acres (4.1 km2).Much of the district's historical character comes from its historic homes dating to the 19th century.
 St George's Roman Catholic Church is located in Louisville Kentucky and is a Neo-Baroque church constructed in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982 and the listing was increased in 1996.The first iteration of the parish was chartered in 1897 and a church rectory and school was constructed along 18th Street in Marysville later incorporated into Louisville.
 Malplaquet House is a Grade II listed Georgian house at 137–139 Mile End Road Stepney London.The four-storey house was built as one of three in 1742 by Thomas Andrews; only two of the houses survive to the present day. A wealthy Jewish widow was the first occupier of the house with the brewer Harry Charrington living there from 1794 to 1833 (Charrington Brewery had offices in the Mile End Road).
 The Museum of Antiquities is an archaeological museum at the University of Saskatchewan. It opened in 1974 to provide an opportunity to study ancient works. The Museum currently features a variety of Greek and Roman sculpture and contains a collection of Near Eastern Egyptian Byzantine and Medieval art. It is one of only a handful of museums of its kind in Canada.
 The Doris Foley Library for Historical Research (formerly: Nevada City Free Public Library and Nevada City Library; colloquially: Carnegie Library or Foley) is a reference and research library in Nevada City in Nevada County California. Built in 1907 the Romanesque Revival style building is currently a branch of the Nevada County Library System.
 The Cathedral of San Agustin is the seat of the Catholic Diocese of Laredo Texas. It is located at 214 San Bernardo Avenue in the heart of the downtown area in the San Agustin Historical District. The present church building dates from 1872. The bishop is the Most Reverend James Anthony Tamayo. As of 2000 the cathedral was the mother church for 289415 Catholics in the diocese.
 Flåm Church (Norwegian: Flåm kyrkje) is a parish church in Aurland Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Flåm. The church is part of the Flåm parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The brown wooden church which has about 160 seats was built by master builder Magne Essen in 1670. The present church replaced an older stave church on the same site that was demolished in 1670.
 The Senator Walter Lowrie Shaw House is a historic home located in downtown Butler Butler County Pennsylvania United States. It is known in the area for being the home of Butler's only United States Senator Walter Lowrie. The structure was built in 1828 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling on a cut stone foundation. It has a slate covered gable roof. The front section measures 48 feet by 38 feet and has a two-story shed roofed rear wing. A front porch was added about 1870-1880.
 The Old Lenox High School building is a historic school building at 109 Housatonic Street in Lenox Massachusetts. The building was constructed in 1908 and served as the town's public high school until 1966 when a new high school was built. It underwent major renovations and additions in the 1940s and 1960s. The building was then used as school facilities for grades 4 through 6 until the 1970s when (known as the Cameron School) it began to serve grades 2 through 5.
 Saints Peter and Paul Basilica is a historic Roman Catholic church at 214 E. 8th Street in Chattanooga Tennessee. It is one of the oldest continuing parishes in the Diocese of Knoxville.Saints Peter and Paul Parish in Chattanooga was founded in January 1852. The small but growing Catholic community in Chattanooga would conduct Mass in numerous buildings through the parish's early years.
 Hess Tower is a 29-story building located adjacent to Discovery Green park in downtown Houston Texas. It was formerly called Discovery Tower until Hess Corporation leased the entire tower in January 2009.The global architectural firm Gensler designed the building. The building was a project of Trammell Crow Company a real estate development and investment firm.The building was originally designed to house a number of wind turbines but the turbines were removed in December 2010.
 The Ledbury is a restaurant located on Ledbury Road Notting Hill London England. It holds two Michelin stars and has been featured in S.Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants. The head chef is Brett Graham and has been received favorably by critics.
 Green Sergeant's Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over the Wickecheoke Creek near the border between the Hunterdon Plateau and Amwell Valley located in Delaware Township Hunterdon County New Jersey United States. As the last covered bridge in the state of New Jersey it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was first constructed in 1872 but after being damaged in 1960 it was dismantled and replaced with a modern bridge.
 The Vero Centre (constructed as the Royal & SunAlliance Centre) is a high rise office tower located in Auckland New Zealand. Constructed in 2000 it was Auckland's first major tower built since the 1980s. The centre contains a health club and gymnasium main entry public foyer retail outlets in the 5 podium levels and 32 office levels. As of 2005 it is New Zealand’s tallest and most technologically advanced landmark office tower.
 Noah Snyder Farm also known as Snyder House is a historic home located near Lahmansville Grant County West Virginia. The original four room log house was built in 1853. Sometime during the American Civil War the Cooplinger section was moved to the site and added to the original building. A third section the kitchen ell was originally built between 1800 and 1815. All three sections were unified under a gable roof in about 1870.
 The Bartons Arms (grid reference SP072890) is a pub in the High Street (part of the A34) in the Newtown area of Aston Birmingham England.Built in 1901 by noted pub architects partnership James and Lister Lea for Mitchells & Butlers it is a grade II* listed building famous for its wall-to-wall Minton-Hollins tiles and its snob screens which allowed middle class drinkers to see working class drinkers in an adjacent bar but not to be seen by them.Laurel and Hardy once stayed there after appearing at the adjacent Aston Hippodrome (now demolished replaced by The Drum Arts Centre) and were photographed serving beer from behind the bar.The pub features in the 1999 Atom Egoyan Birmingham-set film Felicia's Journey. 
 257 Central Park West constructed between 1905 and 1906 currently is a co-op apartment building located on the southwest corner of 86th Street and Central Park West in the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City.Designed by the firm of Mulliken and Moeller and built by Gotham Building & Construction the structure was erected as a luxury apartment house originally called the Central Park View.
 The Old School House was a historic school in Tampa Florida United States. It was constructed in 1858 and has been moved twice. It is an example of Greek Revival architecture and has 1-story is of frame construction has clapboarding and is ornamented with a pedimented tetrastyle portico. It is located on the University of Tampa campus. On December 4 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Edge Hill is a historic plantation home located near Woodford in Caroline County Virginia USA. It was built in two sections. The earliest dates from 1820-21 and enlarged about 1840 by adding the western half giving it a formal symmetrical five-bay facade. It is a two-story brick dwelling with a gable roof and Federal exterior and interior detailing.
 The R.M. of Willowdale No. 153 Municipal Office building is located at 711 Lalonde Street in Whitewood Saskatchewan Canada and was originally built in 1935 to house the post office. The building is a designated Heritage Property. The building was constructed by the federal government as a make-work project during the depression era. The building now houses the offices for the Rural Municipality of Willowdale No. 153.
 The Cloud State Bank also known as the People's National Bank is located in McLeansboro Illinois which is in Hamilton County Illinois. The bank building was designed and built from 1880-1882 by Aaron G. Cloud and his son Chalon Cloud. The Cloud State Bank has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1978. The building was designed by architects the Reid Brothers of Evansville Indiana. The Reid Brothers would go on to famously design the Hotel del Coronado near San Diego.
 The Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary or as named in its Grade II* architectural listing The Oratory is a large neo-classical Roman Catholic Church in South Kensington London. It is traditionally also known as Brompton Oratory which distinguishes it as a church rather than its connected clergy and religious community and is closely connected with London Oratory School.
 Dewey Placeis a historic house at 176 Summer Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1853 by John Mansfield a shoe manufacturer in what was then a popular upper-class neighborhood of the town. The house as classic Italianate design with three bays across the front and a cupola (a somewhat common Italianate feature in Reading houses of the period). The front porch appears to be a 20th century alteration. The house's most prominent owner was Francis O.
 Beulah Baptist Church (Alexandria Virginia) was established in 1863 in an African American neighborhood (the Bottoms) in Alexandria Virginia USA. Rev. Clem Robinson graduate of Ashmun Institute (now Lincoln University) and supported by the American Baptist Free Mission Society worked with his wife Rev.
 The Kaiser Convention Center is a historic publicly owned multi-purpose arena in Oakland California. The facility includes a 5492-seat arena a large theater and a large ballroom. The building is #27 on the list of Oakland Historic Landmarks.
 Mount Zion Baptist Church is a historic church at 900 Cross Street in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Brooks Camp Boat House near King Salmon Alaska was built in 1959 by the National Park Service. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 ARKA Gallery (Russian: Галере′я А′РКА tr. Galereja ARKA)is an art gallery located at 6 Bolshaya Morskaya Street in the historical center of Saint Petersburg City Russia. ARKA Gallery specialized in contemporary and modern Russian and Foreign painting and fine art legacy of the Leningrad School artists of 1930-1980s.
 Canadian Bushplane Heritage Centre (CBHC) located on the north bank of the St. Marys River in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada is dedicated to preserving the history of bush flying and forest protection in Canada. It was founded in 1987 by a group of local volunteers to preserve the province's history in bush planes and aerial firefighting.The CBHC prides itself on being a completely interactive and hands-on museum with fun activities for every member of the family.
 The South Middlesex Correctional Center (SMCC) is a small minimum security/pre-release state prison for women located in Framingham Massachusetts. The prison opened in 1976 originally as a part of MCI-Framingham. Today it is its own 200-bed facility specifically for women. Most if not all inmates work in the community during the day for an average wage of $7/day. Many work in fast food restaurants as janitors carpenters or painters.
 New Family Theater is a historic movie theater located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. It was constructed in 1938-1939 and is an outstanding example of the Art Deco style. The building features linear decorative motifs curvilinear forms and bold colorations that appear on the building facade interior walls of the lobby and auditorium and in the original light fixtures.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Government Palace (Mongolian: Засгын газрын ордон Zasgiin gazriin ordon) of Mongolia is located on the north side of Sükhbaatar Square Ulaanbaatar. It houses various state organs such as the legislative State Great Khural offices of president prime minister and members of State Great Khural. It is sometimes referred to by Ulaanbaatar residents as the Saaral Ordon or Gray Palace in the Mongolian language due to the exterior's color.
 Bergsfjord Church (Norwegian: Bergsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the small isolated village of Bergsfjord. The church is part of the Loppa parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1951. The 200-seat church was designed by the architect Harald Sunde.
 Fort Washington Plaza is located at the corner of West Fort Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit Michigan. It occupies the entire block bordered by West Fort Street Washington Boulevard Cass Avenue and West Congress Street. The high-rise office building stands 16 stories in height. It was built in 1969 and includes a parking garage. It was designed in the international architectural style. It uses mainly concrete and glass.
 Abo Elementary School in Artesia New Mexico United States was the first public school in the United States constructed entirely underground and equipped to function as a fallout shelter. Designed at the height of the Cold War and completed in 1962 the school had a concrete slab roof which doubled as the school's playground. It contained a large storage facility with room for emergency rations and supplies for up to 2160 people in the event of nuclear warfare or other catastrophe.
 Edward B. Seymour House is a historic home located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1891 and is a 2 1/2-story Wissahickon schist and shingle dwelling in the Queen Anne-style. It features a rounded corner tower topped by a conical roof and a stepped gable. The house was designed by gilded age architect Horace Trumbauer. Also on the property is a contributing garage built in 1909.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Guy's Hospital is a large NHS hospital in the borough of Southwark in central London. It is administratively a part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust. It is a large teaching hospital and is with St Thomas' Hospital and King's College Hospital the location of King's College London School of Medicine (formerly known as the GKT School of Medicine).
 The Tom Barnes Barn is a historic barn located on State Highway 25 approximately 11.5 miles (18.5 km) east of Jerome Idaho. Farmer Tom Barns began construction of the barn in 1929; in 1930 stonemason Pete Duffy finished the building. The barn features an arched rainbow roof and a lava rock foundation; the roof style is considered unusual for barns in the region.The barn was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 8 1983.
 Edward Colston House also known as Medway is a historic home located at Falling Waters Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1798 is a two story three bay gable roofed frame dwelling. The two story three bay gable roofed frame wing was added about 1900. It is a rare 18th century frame building and representative of the transition from the Georgian to Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at 419 S. Main Street in Lexington North Carolina.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The St. Clairsville Historic District is located in downtown St. Clairsville Ohio United States. The historic district contains buildings built during the Victorian era. The Belmont County Courthouse St. Clairsville Municipal Building and the Clarendon Hotel are some of the most notable buildings in the district. The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1994-03-17.
 Golden State County Plaza is a 21-storey 66.5 m (218 ft) skyscraper in Fresno California. When completed in 1964 by Fresno-born developer Del Webb the building was a mixed-use project that included commercial offices with Del Webb's Towne House hotel situated on the upper floors. The building now houses several Fresno County Government offices and it is currently the third tallest in the city.
 Calvary Baptist Church originally St. Paul's Episcopal Church is located on St. Paul's Place in Ossining New York United States. It is a stone building in the Gothic Revival architectural style considered the best preserved early example of that style in Westchester County. It is also one of the few remaining Calvin Pollard buildings in the state. Built in the 1830s it is the oldest house of worship in the village.
 The Dickenson County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Clintwood Dickenson County Virginia. It was built in 1915 as an extension of the 1894 brick courthouse. It is a two-story Colonial Revival building with a projecting central block and wings. It features a two-story portico with paired Ionic order columns Palladian windows and a slate-shingled hipped roof crowned by a domed clock tower.
 Nyboder (English: New [small] Houses) is a historic row house district of former Naval barracks in Copenhagen Denmark. It was planned and first built by Christian IV to accommodate a need for housing for the personnel of the rapidly growing Royal Danish Navy and their families during that time.
 St Mary's Church Stainburn is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stainburn North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Ste-Anne is a Catholic church located at 528 Old St. Patrick Street in the Lowertown neighbourhood of Ottawa Canada. It was built in 1873 by architect J.P. LeCourt. It is notable because it is one of the few examples of traditional Québécois church architecture in Ottawa and Ontario. It is the home of St. Clement Parish a bilingual parish community that celebrates the Mass and other sacraments according to the extraordinary form of the Roman Rite.
 The Bogan Boarding House at 221 Main St. in Park City Utah was built in c. 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was deemed significant as one of only four boarding houses surviving in Park City from its mining era and also as one of only four built in town after a 1901 legislative bill cancelled the right of mine owners to require miners to live in company-owned boarding houses up near their mines (unless married and living with wife/family in town).
 The Treasure of San Gennaro is composed of art works and donations collected in seven centuries of Popes Kings Emperors famous and ordinary people kept in a museum in Naples Italy. The Treasure is a collection of art works kept untouched thanks to the Deputation of the Royal Chapel of the Treasure of San Gennaro an ancient secular institution founded in 1527 by a vote of the city of Naples still existing.
 The Ramban Synagogue (Hebrew: בית כנסת הרמבן‎) is the second oldest active synagogue in the Old City of Jerusalem. According to tradition it was founded by Nahmanides (Ramban) in 1267 although the connection with him is dubious. Today it is located at the corner of Ha-Yehudim Street and the square in the Jewish Quarter.
 Heritage Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Valparaiso University in the U.S. state of Indiana. . Builit in 1875 by John Flint it was used as a residence hall for men. In 1878 a fire destroyed the third floor The building was purchased by Richard Aaron Heritage remodeled into a two-story school of music. and renamed Heritage Hall. .At different times throughout its history Heritage Hall underwent numerous renovations.
 Benjamin C. Tousey House also known as The Willows is a historic home located at Clinton in Dutchess County New York. The property includes six contributing buildings and one contributing structures. They are the main house a stone cottage with garage in the basement a stone garage a frame lodge two frame sheds and a gazebo. The main house was built in 1914-1915 and is a compactly designed two story rectangular house with arelatively low pitched roof.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church Exton also known as St. Paul's Church is a historic church at 1105 E. Lincoln Highway in Exton Pennsylvania in Chester County Pennsylvania in the area known as the Great Valley. It was built in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as St. Paul's Church. It is one of the 155 parish churches of the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania.
 The Spencer Buford House is a property in Thompsons Station Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The property is also known as Roderick in honor of the horse Roderick a favorite horse of Confederate cavalry and irregular forces Nathan Bedford Forrest.The property is also listed as WM-732.It was built or has other significance as of c.1820.It includes Side passage plan and other architecture.When listed the property included one contributing building and one non-contributing building.The listing is for an area of 6.4 acres (2.6 ha).The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center (FHCC) opened Oct. 1 2010 and is the United States' first federal health care center that partners the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense into a single fully integrated federal health care facility.
 St Paul's Onslow Square is a Grade II listed Anglican church in Onslow Square South Kensington London England. The church was built in 1860 and the architect was James Edmeston.In the late 1970s the parish of Holy Trinity Brompton merged with the neighbouring parish of St Paul's Onslow Square. St Paul's was declared redundant.
 The Church of St Lawrence at Lucina (Italian: San Lorenzo in Lucina Latin: S. Laurentii in Lucina) is a Roman Catholic parish titular church and minor basilica in central Rome Italy.The church is located in Piazza San Lorenzo in the Rione Colonna about two blocks behind the Palazzo Montecitorio just off the Via del Corso.
 The Finnish Labour Temple (also known as the Big Finn Hall or Finlandia Club) is a Finnish-Canadian cultural and community centre and a local landmark located at 314 Bay Street in the Finnish quarter in Thunder Bay Ontario. Built in 1910 the Finnish Labour Temple was at one point one of the largest workers' halls in Canada in addition to being the centre of Finnish cultural and political life in Northwestern Ontario.
 Bridge No. 5083-Marshall carries Minnesota State Highway 19 over the Redwood River in Marshall Minnesota United States. It was built 1931 and is one of two bridges on the historic register in the city. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. Bridge No. 5083 was completed at a cost of $23277 in October 1931. This bridge is between a residential neighborhood on the south and the city's main park on the north.
 The Birmingham Union workhouse was a workhouse on Western Road in Birmingham England. It was built between 1850 and 1852 under the Poor Law Amendment Act of 1834 to designs by John Jones Bateman and G Drury. The main entrance building though derelict is still extant. Its arched entrance was known as the arch of tears. The remainder of the workhouse was demolished in the early 1990s.In 1889 a hospital was built as an extension to the workhouse.
 Holy Sophia Cathedral is a cathedral temple of Kiev Metropolis (Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople) in 1037-1299 and second one after the Church of the Tithes. Today it is an outstanding architectural monument of Kievan Rus' and a multi-structural complex-museum. The cathedral is one of the city's best known landmarks and the first patrimony on territory of Ukraine to be inscribed on the World Heritage List along with the Kiev Cave Monastery complex.
 Healy Chapel is a historic mortuary in Aurora Illinois. It was designed by George Grant Elmslie and is one of only a few Prairie School buildings designed for commercial purposes.
 HM Prison Werrington (also known as Werrington Juvenile Centre) is a male juvenile's prison located in the village of Werrington in Staffordshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Saint Hill Manor is a country house at Saint Hill Green near East Grinstead West Sussex England. It was constructed in 1792 and had several notable owners before being purchased by L. Ron Hubbard and becoming the head office for the Church of Scientology in the UK.
 The Homer Laughlin House was built by Homer Laughlin in 1882. The house is located in East Liverpool Ohio. Laughlin was a prominent pottery manufacturer and founder of the Homer Laughlin China Company.The house is unique in that it makes use of architectural terra cotta produced in East Liverpool. In 1916 the house was bought by the Fraternal Order of Eagles.The house was destroyed to build a parking lot. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Hardens is a historic home and farm located near Lamptie Hill Charles City County Virginia. The main house is a 1 1/2-story single-pile house a typical example of mid-19th century Virginia vernacular architecture. The original section was built about 1845-1846 and expanded about 1849. It has a gable roof with dormers and features a one-story porch with turned posts and a flat roof.
 The Mosque Ibrahim Ibin Abdul Aziz Al-Ibrahim or Caracas Mosque is a mosque in the El Recreo district of Caracas. It is the second largest mosque in Latin America after the King Fahd Islamic Cultural Center in Buenos Aires. The construction of the mosque began in 1989 by Sheikh Abdulaziz Bin Ibrahim Al Ibrahim. The building was designed by architect Zuhe Fayez. The mosque occupies an area of 5000 m²; its minaret is 113 metres high (the highest in Latin America). The dome is 23 metres high.
 The Phare Tower (Tour Phare) in English Lighthouse Tower is a planned approx. 300-metre (984 ft) tall skyscraper with 71 floors designed as a green building to be built in Courbevoie (Hauts-de-Seine) France in the La Défense district of suburban Paris. The building is being designed by Los Angeles-based Morphosis headed by architect Thom Mayne and is scheduled to be completed in 2017.
 The Magill House is a historic hotel located at 100 N. Center St. in Clinton Illinois. Construction on the building began in 1872 and was completed in 1873. The hotel was built in order to entice the Illinois Central Railroad to move the headquarters of its Springfield Division to Clinton; the effort was successful as the railroad moved to Clinton in the late 1870s.
 The Buck Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Phoenix City Square is a mixed use complex with three “Class A” office towers and a hotel located in the midtown area of Phoenix Arizona. The three office towers are numerically classified based upon their address on Central Avenue (see Central Avenue Phoenix Arizona ). They are referred to as the 3800 Tower the 3838 Tower and the 4000 Tower respectively.
 The Montreal Heart Institute (French: Institut de Cardiologie de Montréal) in Montreal Quebec is a specialty hospital dedicated to the development of cardiology. Founded in 1954 by Paul David it is currently affiliated with the Université de Montréal.Prominent Montreal businessman J. Louis Levesque was a major benefactor whose initial $1 million donation in 1969 doubled the research department's budget.
 Meetinghouse Green Historic District encompasses the historic 17th century heart of Ipswich Massachusetts. The district runs along North Main Street south from its junction with High Street to the southern end of the Meetinghouse Green. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Meetinghouse Green was laid out in 1634 not long after Ipswich was established and was for many years the heart of its civic life.
 The Riverview Branch Library is a 1916 Beaux Arts library building designed by Cameron and Company; it is one of three Carnegie Libraries in Saint Paul Minnesota. It is located in the West Side neighborhood. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Stavang Church (Norwegian: Stavang kyrkje) is a parish church in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Stavang. The church is part of the Bru parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The whitewashed brick church was built in 1957 by the architect Ole Halvorsen. The church with a seating capacity of 312 was consecrated on 16 June 1957 by Bishop Ragnvald Indrebø.
 St Swithun's Church Kirklington is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Kirklington Nottinghamshire.
 Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter is a visitors center that is located in the village of Oppstryn in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The center is located east of the villages of Loen and Olden on the shore of the lake Oppstrynsvatn. The mountain Skåla and the glaciers Briksdalsbreen and Jostedalsbreen are located to the southwest of this visitor's center.Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter is one of the three visitor's centers in Jostedalsbreen National Park.
 West Hill School is a historic school building located at Canajoharie Montgomery County New York. It was designed by prominent local architect Archimedes Russell (1890-1915) and built 1891-1893. It is a 3 1⁄2-story stone masonry institutional building. It features a stone tower with open belfry containing the original school bell. It continued in educational use for over 100 years. It was constructed on the site of the Canajoharie Academy where in 1846 Susan B.
 York Carmelite Friary was a friary in North Yorkshire England.
 The Ax Billy Department Store located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently occupied by the Downtown Athletic Club.
 Grittleton Strict Baptist Chapel is a redundant Baptist chapel located in The Street Grittleton Wiltshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 The Grand Fort Hotel is a 5-star hotel under construction in Al Furjan. It is a part of the residential community of Al Furjan. The Grand Fort hotel at Al Furjan will be owned by Cavern Hotel and Resorts the structure of the hotel is inspired by the royal places and forts of Rajasthan region in India. Upon completion in 2014 the hotel will have 293 rooms apart from this it will comprise Spa business and conference facilities extensive landscaped gardens restaurants and retail outlets.
 The Toronto Club was founded in 1837. It is Canada’s oldest private club and the third oldest in North America. Its current clubhouse located at 107 Wellington Street West (at York Street) was designed by Frank Darling and S. George Curry in 1888 and opened in 1889. The building mixes different architectural styles and marks an important transition in Darling's career.
 The Church of Saint Anthony of Padua on Via Tuscolana (Italian: Santi Antonio da Padova e Annibale Maria) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built for the religious congregation of the Rogationists of the Heart of Jesus to whose founder Saint Annibale Maria di Francia is co-concercrated the church along with Saint Anthony of Padua. Having been completed in 1948 it was given to the Rogationists fathers before being concercrated on 27 May 1965 by Cardinal Luigi Traglia.
 Lynch Hotel is a historic hotel located at Nutten Hook in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1900 and is a 2-story five-by-four-bay frame building with a gable roof in the Queen Anne style. Also on the property is a small barn or carriage house. It has been a single family home since about 1935.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The neighboring James Lynch House was listed in 2009.
 The Sylvanus Selleck Gristmill also known as the Edwin Knapp Gristmill is a gristmill built in 1796. in Greenwich Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It is a small post-and-beam building built by Selleck. An addition in about 1850 is believed to be by Edwin Knapp. It is a rare surviving example of its type which was once common.
 Pazhassi Raja Archaeological Museum is a museum and art gallery in Kozhikode Kerala. The museum has a rich collection of historical artifacts from 1000 BC to 200 AD.
 The Château de Sarremezan is a 15th-century castle in the commune of Sarremezan in the Haute-Garonne département of France.Privately owned it has been listed since 1955 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture. Of particular note is the tower and its staircase.
 Noxon Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Crescent in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1842 and is a three story square hipped roof structure of brick and stone in the Greek Revival style. There is a two story hipped roofed brick wing. The entrance features cut limestone Tuscan order columns and pilasters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Smith Hotel-Cornelius Hotel located at 100 Spring St. in Caliente Nevada and also once known as Scott Hotel is a historic 3-story hotel that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.Caliente became economically important in 1907 with railroad connection and mining nad agriculture. The hotel was built probably in 1918 or 1919 by Dr. and Mrs. J. Wesley Smith who ran the hotel until 1921. It was called the Scott Hotel from 1969 until 1978 when the business closed.
 The Canadian Centre for Architecture (CCA) (French: Centre canadien d'architecture) is a museum of architecture and research centre in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 1920 Baile Street between Fort Street and Saint-Marc Street in what was once part of the Golden Square Mile.
 Lakehurst Mall was the first regional shopping complex in the northern Chicago suburb county of Lake County. The mall officially opened in 1971. It was built to service the growing town of Waukegan the Great Lakes Naval Training Center and the northern suburban sprawl of Chicago. After several years of decline Lakehurst closed in 2001 and was demolished in 2004.
 The Pittsfield Building is a 38-story skyscraper located at 55 E. Washington Street in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois USA that was the city's tallest building at the time of its completion. The building was designated as a Chicago Landmark on November 6 2002.
 Stolp Synagogue was a synagogue in Stolp Germany (now Słupsk Poland). It was built in 1901-1902 designed by Eduard Koch. The synagogue was set on fire by Nazis during the Kristallnacht on 9–10 November 1938.
 The castle Croy is a castle in the Dutch province North Brabant near the village Aarle-Rixtel which is part of the municipality Laarbeek. From 1642 until 1968 Croy belonged to the municipality Stiphout (currently part of the municipality of Helmond).The castle is currently no longer inhabited but in use as an office. Since 1795 beer is brewed near the castle. Since 2004 the Croy beer is itself had been brewed in Belgium but the ingredients are grown on the Croy estate.
 The Alaska Engineering Commission Cottage No. 25 in Anchorage Alaska was built in 1917. It was designed and built by the Alaska Engineering Commission a Federal agency charged with building railways in Alaska.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Johnson-Hansen House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Banning House also known as the General Phineas Banning Residence Museum is a historic Greek Revival-Victorian home in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles California. Built in 1863 by Phineas Banning near the original San Pedro Bay it remained in the Banning family until 1925 and has been owned by the City of Los Angeles since 1927. The home barn and gardens are now operated as a museum.
 Ajman Specialty General Hospital is located in Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.The hospital offers out-patient services and covers a wide range of specialties.
 Goa State Museum is located in Panjim which is the capital city of Goa. This new museum complex located in the EDC Complex in Patto was inaugurated by the President of India on June 18th 1996. Prior to this date artifacts was set up in the Department of Archives in Goa by the Archeology & Museum unit. Thereafter a small museum was opened to the public on September 29th 1977 in a rented building at St.
 La Tour de la Bourse (English: Stock Exchange Tower) is a 48-storey skyscraper in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at the intersection of Victoria Square and Saint Jacques Street in the International Quarter. It is connected by the underground city to the Square-Victoria Metro Station.When completed in 1964 the tower was the tallest building in Canada a title it held until surpassed by the Toronto-Dominion Centre in 1967.
 The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton New Brunswick Canada. It is named after Max Aitken Lord Beaverbrook who funded the building of the gallery. Beaverbrook had spent his childhood and youth in New Brunswick and after he became a wealthy press baron in England he made many gifts to the province. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery which opened in 1959 when its founder was 80 years old was to be the last of these gifts.
 St Audoen within Newgate (also known as St Ewan within Newgate and St Ewin within Newgate) was a mediaeval church in the City of London situated on the corner of Newgate Street and Eldeness Lane (now Warwick Lane). It was first mentioned as Parochia sancti Audoeni in around 1220.In 1546 Henry VIII gave the church along with St Nicholas Shambles and the dissolved Christ Church priory to the City corporation.
 The Fish and Game Pavilion and Aquarium is located in the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines Iowa United States. The structure was erected with financial support from the State of Iowa. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Proudfoot Rawson & Souers. It is a masonry building with a steel frame structural system and exhibits eclectic Italian Renaissance detail. It was originally built from 1926-1927 and was expanded in 1929.
 The Polish Church of St. Adalbert is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at East 156 Street west of Elton Avenue since 1899 in Melrose Bronx New York City.
 The Church of Our Most Merciful Saviour also known as the Santee Mission built in 1884 is a historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church located on the Missouri River in the Santee Indian Reservation in Santee Nebraska.
 J. K. Williams House also known as Tenant Farm is a historic home located at Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1885 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay frame house constructed in a vernacular Victorian style. It has a three bay by two bay rear wing. The house features a three bay wood porch on the front facade and a gable roof with dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Shirenewton Hall originally Shirenewton Court is a large country house and estate adjoining the village of Shirenewton Monmouthshire Wales about 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Chepstow. The 29.5-acre (11.9 ha) estate is located on a hillside and commands views across the Golden Valley to the west and the Severn estuary in the south.
 The Hoge Heren (English: High Gentlemen) is hybrid complex composed of two towers in the center of Rotterdam designed by Wiel Arets located in the former Zalmhaven of the city near the Erasmusbrug. The building was completed in 2000. The complex is 102 meters heigh and has 34 floors.
 Italy Valley Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Italy in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1856.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Bower is an 1806 Federal style building in Jefferson County West Virginia USA. It was later remodeled with Gothic Revival features after a fire in 1892. The name appeared as early as 1753 when Major General Adam Stephen had a hunting lodge at this location.
 The Fortunato Anselmo House also known as the Ronald L. Beers House is a house built in 1903 in Late Victorian style in Salt Lake City Utah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It was built by a carpenter and contractor named Silas B. Wood at approximately $4000 in cost. In 1920 it became home for Fortunate and Anna Anselmo who owned it until 1950. It became significant as the residence of the country of Italy's vice consul for Utah and Wyoming.
 The Lime Kilns located at the western end of Homansville Canyon near Eureka Utah were part of a lime quarry in the 1920s. The kilns were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included one contributing site and two contributing structures: two lime kilns that are approximately 8 feet (2.4 m) in diameter and 30 to 40 feet (9.1 to 12.2 m) deep.
 The Saint Sebastian Church or Iglesia de San Sebastián is a 16th-century church in central Madrid Spain. It is located on Atocha street #39. The name arises from a devotional chapel (ermita) which was found along the route to the Basilica of Nuestra Señora de Atocha founded in 1541. The first architect around 1550 was Antonio Sillero who also finished the Chapel of the Sagrado Corazón.
 St. John's Jerusalem or Sutton-at-Hone Preceptory is a National Trust property at Sutton-at-Hone Kent England which includes the 13th century chapel of the Knights Hospitaller and a garden moated by the River Darent. It is open to the public on Wednesday afternoons from April to October.
 St David's Welsh Church Rhosllannerchrugog is in Broad Street Rhosllannerchrugog in Wrexham County Borough Wales.The church was built in 1892 to a design by Douglas and Fordham of Chester. It consists of a nave and a north aisle. It was intended to have a chancel and a steeple at the northeast but these were not built at the time. The church is constructed in Ruabon brick with some sandstone dressings.
 The Church of the Holy Paraclete is a church in Rhode Island United States. Holy Paraclete (Gr. παράκλητος Lat. paracletus) means holy advocate or holy helper. In Christianity the term most commonly refers to the Holy Spirit. The Church has Spanish Colonial architecture mixed with New England Fieldstone. It is a mission church in the tradition of the Old Catholic Church founded in America by Fr.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. It was built in 1849 the chancel was extended in 1897 and the tower added in 1905. The meeting room and office addition was completed in 1954. It is architecturally significant as a Gothic Revival style church that reflects the English parish movement traceable to the Church of St. James the Less in Philadelphia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Willowbrook Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Willowbrook area of Houston Texas that opened in 1981. Located at the intersection of State Highway 249 and FM 1960 the enclosed single-level mall houses 160 retail stores and five anchors. The mall is owned by General Growth Properties and among the five largest Houston-area retail developments based on net rentable area ranking third in 2000 and is considered a major retailing center of northwest Houston.
 Cropwell Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 810 Cropwell Road Evesham Township Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1793 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Lawrence Massachusetts United States. Founded 1905. It was one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.The parish closed November 1 2004.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located northeast of Ridgeway South Carolina on County Road 106. Built of wood in 1854 in the Carpenter Gothic style it was designed by the Rev. John Dewitt McCollough who later became its rector. The exterior was painted a maroon color.
 This museum was built to provide cultural space related to Baekje relics for tourists and educate them about jewelry and knowledge of it including symbols.
 Church of St Nicholas (Serbian: Hram svetog Nikole Serbian Cyrillic: Храм светог Николе) in Vukovar is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. Church is one of the oldest baroque buildings of the Serbian community north of the Sava River.
 Holburn West Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland. It is located at the intersection Ashley Park Drive and the Great Western Road in the west end of Aberdeen Scotland. The church building was opened for worship in October 1894. The Sanctuary and entrance to the church was refurbished in 2004.The church has a choir that is under the patronage of The Duchess of Kent.
 Charles Schaeffer School also known as the Seventh Day Adventist Church is a historic school building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876 and is a 3 1/2-story schist building in the Gothic-style. It features brownstone trim a pedimented gable roofline molded cornice with decorative brackets and a three-story projecting front section added in 1914.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sheppard Pratt at Ellicott City. is a private psychiatric hospital located in Ellicott City Maryland. It currently has a 18 bed adult unit a 16 bed co-occurring disorders unit a 16 bed crisis stabilization unit and an adult day hospital. The hospital is owned and operated by the Towson Maryland based Sheppard Pratt Health SystemPrior to its purchase by Sheppard Pratt the facility was known as Taylor Manor one of only a dozen privately owned psychiatric facilities in the nation.
 The Palace of the Soviets (Russian: Дворец Советов Dvorets Sovetov) was a project to construct an administrative center and a congress hall in Moscow Russia near the Kremlin on the site of the demolished Cathedral of Christ the Saviour. The architectural contest for the Palace of the Soviets (1931–1933) was won by Boris Iofan's neoclassical concept subsequently revised by Iofan Vladimir Shchuko and Vladimir Gelfreikh into a supertall skyscraper.
 Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage is a historic church building and parsonage located at 8231 Rocky Ridge Road MD 77 in Graceham east of Thurmont Frederick County Maryland. It is a two story Flemish bond brick church built in 1822 and covered with white stucco because of deteriorated masonry. The church was built as an addition to the adjacent meeting house and parsonage built in 1797.
 Old Stone Tavern is a historic home and tavern located at Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. The original fieldstone section was built in 1788. Attached to it are three frame sections added about 1840 1860 and 1900 and a cinder block apartment built in the 1950s. It features a front porch. It was built by early resident Thomas Parsons and is one of the earliest buildings in Moorefield.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Ylvingen Chapel (Norwegian: Ylvingen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the island of Ylvingen. The church is part of the Vega parish in the Sør-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1967.
 St. James' Church Yarmouth is a parish church in the Church of England located in Yarmouth Isle of Wight.
 The Francis G. Newlands Home also known as Senator Francis G. Newlands House in Reno Nevada United States is the former mansion of United States Senator Francis G. Newlands. It is one of just eight National Historic Landmark-designated historic sites in the state of Nevada.
 The building of the Louis Vuitton Foundation for Creation (Fondation Louis-Vuitton pour la création) started in 2006 is an art museum and cultural center sponsored by the group LVMH and its subsidiaries but run as a legally separate nonprofit entity as part of its promotion of art and culture.The opening of the $143 million museum in Paris is expected in 2014.
 Ashburton Learning Village is a learning complex in Woodside Greater London. It stands in the London Borough of Croydon and is located near Ashburton Park. The learning village includes Ashburton Library Oasis Academy Shirley Park Croydon Music Service and a CALAT training centre. The complex was built after the old Ashburton Library was closed down. The nearest Tramlink stop is Woodside for Tramlink routes 1 and 2.
 19 South LaSalle Street formerly known as the Central YMCA (Association Building) is a building in downtown Chicago Illinois. It was constructed in 1893 and designed by the architecture firm Jenney & Mundie.
 The Ingram Planetarium is a planetarium located at Sunset Beach in Brunswick County North Carolina. The Board of Trustees of the Ocean Isle Museum Foundation Inc. is the governing body of the Ingram Planetarium as well as the Museum of Coastal Carolina located at Ocean Isle Beach North Carolina.
 Saint Wilfrid's is a Roman Catholic church run by the Society of Jesus in the city centre of Preston Lancashire England. It was built in 1793 and is situated between Fishergate and Winckley Square on Chapel Street.
 Burks House is a log cabin with a mud-daub chimney built in 1883. The house is typical of those built in the 19th century when the area was officially open to homesteading.The cabin was moved to Merryville completely restored and placed on the National Register of Historic Places September 8 1987. It is the only authentic log cabin in Beauregard Parish.
 The Yolo Branch Library is a library that serves the community of Yolo California. The library a Carnegie on the National Register of Historic Places was designed by WH Weeks and built in 1918. It is one of the last Carnegie libraries that still serves as a library.
 The Colony House at 137 Strathearn Pl. in Simi Valley California is a kit house built in 1888 that is on display in a historical park the Strathearn Historical Park and Museum along with the Simi Adobe and the Strathearn House.The Colony House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It was one of 12 kit houses that started an intended community Simiopolis of which only two survive.
 The Bridgeton Historic District in the City of Bridgeton Indiana is home to the oldest continuously operating mill west of the Allegheny Mountains.
 West Kortright Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 49 W. Kortright Church Road in West Kortright Delaware County New York. It is a wood frame building on a stone foundation surmounted by a broad gable roof. It was originally constructed in 1850 and substantially renovated in 1890s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Fox Hollies Hall was a manor house situated in Acocks Green Fox Hollies Birmingham England belonging to the Walker family.The Hall itself was built as a mock-Italianate in 1869 to replace the nearby Hyron Hall and was commissioned by a retired merchant Zaccheus Walker III.
 The Istana is the official residence and office of the President of Singapore. Meaning palace in Malay it is where the president receives and entertains state guests. The Istana is also the working office of the Prime Minister of Singapore. It is in a large open compound in the otherwise urbanised setting of the Orchard Road area.The 106 acre (0.4 km²) estate was once part of the extensive nutmeg plantation of Mount Sophia.
 The National Museum of Archaeology of Bolivia (Spanish: Museo Nacional de Arqueología de Bolivia ) is the national archaeology museum of Bolivia. It is located in the capital of La Paz two blocks east of the Prado. Operated by the National Institute of Archaeology a specialized agency of the Deputy Minister of Culture it is said to be the most prominent museum in Bolivia. The museum represents the cultural antecedents of the Bolivian people from the pre-Columbian era.
 Delta Life Insurance Company Limited Building is a tall high-rises located in Dhaka Bangladesh. It is located in Gulshan the one of the business districts of the metropolis. It rises up to a height of 80 metres (262 ft) and comprises a total of 25 floors. It houses the headquarters of Delta Life Insurance Company Limited the premier financial institution of the country. Delta Life Insurance Company Limited Building is one of the tallest high-rises that the city got.
 The Clark Quarry and House located at Minnesota Highway 23 at Pine Street in Rockville in the U.S. state of Minnesota is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Georgian Revival home was built by a Scottish immigrant John Clark using pink granite from the adjacent quarry. The quarry also provided the material for the exterior walls of the Cathedral of Saint Paul in Saint Paul.
 Windsor Forge Mansion also known as Windsor Place is a historic home and national historic district located at Caernarvon Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes four contributing buildings and three contributing objects. The buildings are the Ironmaster's Mansion stone smokehouse (c. 1765) stone spring house (c. 1765) and stone summer kitchen / servant's quarters (c. 1765).
 Pike's Peak Grange No. 163 is an historic Grange hall located at 3093 N. State Highway 83 in Franktown Colorado. Pike's Peak Grange No. 163 was organized in 1908 and its meeting hall was built the next year. It was the successor to Fonder Grange founded in Franktown in 1875.On October 1 1990 Pike's Peak Grange No. 163 was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Shreveport Waterworks Pumping Station also known as Shreveport Water Works Company Pump Station or McNeil Street Pump Station is a National Historic Landmark in Shreveport Louisiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1982.It is located on Cross Bayou off Common Street Extension in Shreveport. and/or it is off LA 3036.
 The American Philosophical Society (APS) founded in 1743 and located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania is an eminent scholarly organization of international reputation that promotes useful knowledge in the sciences and humanities through excellence in scholarly research professional meetings publications library resources and community outreach.
 The Three Cups Hotel is a hotel in Lyme Regis Dorset England. It lies across the street from the Royal Lion Hotel. It became a listed building on 23 April 1952.It has associations with many famous literary and historical figures. It is believed that Jane Austen stayed in Hiscott’s Boarding house on the same site in 1804. The front section of the current building dates from 1807.
 The U.S. Post Office for Yonkers New York is located on Main Street downtown opposite the city's train station. It is a two-story stone building erected in the late 1920s. It is located in the 10702 ZIP Code but serves the entire city which has other ZIP codes between 10701 and 10710. In 1989 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with many other historic post offices in the state.Secretary of the Treasury William Gibbs McAdoo personally chose the site.
 Turner Town House is an historic town hall on ME 117 in Turner Maine.The town house was built in 1831 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979.
 Samuel Frye (or Frie) House is a historic First Period house at 920 Turnpike Street in North Andover Massachusetts. Tradition places its construction between 1711 when a previous house on the site burned down and 1719 when Frye gave the property with house to his son. The house was in the Frye family until 1880. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house one room deep and five bays wide with a rear leanto section that was added in the 19th century.
 The Jacob Bookstaver House is located off Albany Post Road in Orange County New York's Town of Montgomery not far from The Smith House. It has been a Registered Historic Place since 1996.Bookstaver a Palatine German was among the earliest settlers of the town. After spending his first winter in a makeshift cave with several other settlers and their families he bought an 800-acre (320 ha) tract including the current location of the house with three partners in 1735.
 The Amru Al-As Mosque or Masjid Amru Al-As in Malay is a prominent mosque in Bandar Baru Sentul Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 Shigisan castle (信貴山城 Shigisanjō) was a Japanese castle of the Sengoku period controlled by the Kizawa and Matsunaga clans.
 The AT&T Tower is a 464-foot (141 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis located on the corner of Marquette Avenue and 9th Street South. It was completed in 1991 and has 34 floors. It houses offices of AT&T Nuveen Investments the headquarters of FICO Fallon Worldwide and Syncada the Norwegian Honorary Consulate General and other tenants. It is the 14th-tallest building in the city. A skyway connects the building to the TCF Tower and International Centre.
 The Centinela Adobe also known as La Casa de la Centinela is a Spanish Colonial style adobe house built in 1834. It is operated as a house museum by the Historical Society of Centinela Valley and it is one of the 43 surviving adobes within Los Angeles County California.
 Bistro Klein Paardenburg is a former restaurant located in Ouderkerk aan de Amstel in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1976-1979 and 1985-1990. The restaurant was unexpectedly closed down on 31 January 2011 for no obvious reason.Klein Paardenburg was founded by Ton Fagel in 1967. He sold the restaurant in 1999.
 Gilcomston South Church is a congregation in the Church of Scotland. The recently refurbished church buildings are located in Union Street Aberdeen.
 The Naturhistorisches Museum (German: Museum of Natural History) also known as the NHMW is a large natural history museum located in Vienna Austria. The museum's website provides an overview in the form of a virtual tour.The museum's earliest collections of artifacts were begun over 250 years ago. Today its collections on display cover 8700 square metres (94000 sq ft).As of 2011 the museum houses approximately 30 million objects and the number is growing.
 Gum Creek is a historic home located near Columbia Fluvanna County Virginia. It was built about 1797 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay center passage plan frame dwelling on a stone foundation. Two one-story shed roofed additions were built after 1839. It features unpainted original interior woodwork a basement kitchen and stone and brick end chimneys.
 Ali minaret (Persian: مناره علی‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan Iran. It is close to the Ali mosque. This minaret is the oldest minaret in Isfahan which dates back to the 11th century. This minaret is 48 meters in height and is the highest historical minaret in Isfahan. It is said that this minaret was originally 50 meters but its height has been decreased two meters in the course of time.
 The Rocky Mountain National Park Utility Area Historic District in Rocky Mountain National Park documents the early administrative core of the park. Beginning in 1920 and continuing into the 1930s park service and administrative structures were built in the National Park Service Rustic style. Most buildings were built of logs under a policy of blending with the natural landscape. Later construction has respected the materials and scale of the area.
 One Seneca Center is a skyscraper located in downtown Buffalo New York. The building was formerly known as One HSBC Center (1999-2013) and prior to that as Marine Midland Center (1972-1999) its name was changed in 1999 shortly after Marine Midland's parent company HSBC rebranded the bank as HSBC Bank USA. The building was constructed at a cost of $50 million between 1969 and 1972 and contains over 1200000 square feet (110000 m2) of space.
 Lawrence County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at New Castle Lawrence County Pennsylvania. The original building was built between 1850 and 1855 and is a two-story six bay by three bay Greek Revival style structure. It features a portico with six Ionic order columns and a cupola. Major additions to the original structure were built in 1885-1886 1914 (extended in 1939) and 1943-1944.
 The Hole in the Rock Trail (often hyphenated as Hole-in-the-Rock) is a historic trail running east-southeast from the town of Escalante in southern Utah in the western United States. The Mormon trailblazers who established this trail crossed the Colorado River and ended their journey in the town of Bluff.
 The Fundació Joan Miró Centre d'Estudis d'Art Contemporani (Joan Miró Foundation) is a museum of modern art honoring Joan Miró located on the hill called Montjuïc in Barcelona Catalonia.
 The Old Clay County Courthouse in Clay West Virginia was designed by Frank L. Packard and built in 1902. The Beaux-Arts building was located on a hill overlooking the county seat.
 Leeds Town Hall was built between 1853 and 1858 on Park Lane (now The Headrow) Leeds West Yorkshire England to a design by architect Cuthbert Brodrick.
 The Otter Creek Bridge in Cedar Vale Kansas was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Price's Post Office or the Price House is a house built ca. 1800 in Spartanburg County South Carolina. Its name in the USGS Geographic Names Information System is Prices Post Office. It is located at the intersection of Oak View Farm Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-200) Old Switzer Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-199) and Price House Road (South Carolina State Highway 42-86). It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 1969.
 Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha Southall (SGSS) is a Sikh Gurdwara situated in the London suburb of Southall on Havelock Road and Park Avenue. It is the largest Sikh temple in Europe. Building work at the Havelock Road site commenced in March 2000 and the Gurdwara opened on Sunday 30 March 2003 in order to accommodate for Southall's growing Sikh community. The Gurdwara cost £17.5 million to build. Funding came by way of donations from members of the local Sikh community and abroad.
 The McDougall United Church is a church located in Downtown Edmonton at 10086-101 Street.
 Greyfriars Lincoln was a Franciscan friary in Lincolnshire England. The Grade I listed remains of the infirmary of the friary built of dressed stone and brick and dating from c.1230 with mid 19th century additions is still in use.Building of the Friary was started in 1237 on land donated to the Franciscan order and was completed by the 1280s.
 Blackburn's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory. It was located in what is now Pittsburg County Oklahoma. The station was named for Casper B. Blackburn an inter-married Choctaw and trader.Blackburn's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#73001568) in 1973.
 The Co-Op Block and J. N. Ireland Bank is a historic property located in Malad City Idaho. It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 18 1979.
 The Gothic Wawel Castle in Kraków in Poland was built at the behest of Casimir III the Great who reigned from 1333 to 1370 and consists of a number of structures situated around the central courtyard.In the 14th century it was rebuilt by Jogaila and Jadwiga of Poland. Their reign saw the addition of the tower called the Hen's Foot (Kurza Stopka) and the Danish Tower.
 The Blount Mansion also known as William Blount Mansion located at 200 West Hill Avenue in downtown Knoxville Tennessee was the home of the only territorial governor of the Southwest Territory William Blount (1749–1800). Blount also a signer of the United States Constitution and a U.S. Senator from Tennessee lived on the property with his family and ten African-American slaves. The mansion served as the de facto capitol of the Southwest Territory.
 Georgetown City Hall is a nineteenth-century Gothic Revival building located on the corner of Regent Street and Avenue of the Republic in Georgetown Guyana. The building was designed by architect Reverend Ignatius Scoles in 1887 and was completed in June 1889.
 The Park Addition School at 1100 Richardson Court in Cheyenne Wyoming was built in 1921. It was designed by architect Frederick Hutchinson Porter. It has also been known as the Chaplin School. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The Park Addition School was open From 1921 to 1977 before it was sold by the school district and became a Daycare in the Early 1980's. As of today the property is vacant and privately owned.
 Craik-Patton House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built about 1834 in the Greek Revival style. It was originally located on Virginia Street in Charleston but moved to its present site in 1973 to save it from the threat of demolition. It features four massive columns that support the extended center roof with pilasters placed above the front facade.
 Stone Road Mall situated at Stone Road West and Edinburgh Road is the largest shopping mall in Guelph Ontario Canada with approximately 520000 square feet (50000 m2) of gross leasable area and 130 stores. It is operated by Oxford Properties.It first opened in 1975 with a Kmart Sears and 35 other stores.The first major renovation occurred in 1989 with the addition of the Atrium which included the 5-plex Odeon Cinema and adjacent parkade with spots for 600+ vehicles.
 1 Journal Square is an approved apartment complex at Journal Square in Jersey City New Jersey. If completed the buildings will be the tallest buildings in Jersey City and all of New Jersey. It will consist of two skyscrapers that will have 1615 units on top a 7 story base with 70000 square feet (6500 m2) of retail space and 680 parking spaces. The buildings were designed by Becker + Becker Associates and are being developed by Harwood Properties.
 The Stephen P. Clark Government Center known also as Government Center Miami-Dade Center or County Hall is a skyscraper in the Government Center district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. It is the headquarters building of the Miami-Dade County government. Many county offices are located in or near the building. The local and federal courthouses are located within five blocks of the building. The tower is 510 ft (155 m) tall and has 31 stories.
 Stump Family Farm is a national historic district located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. The district encompasses three contributing buildings and one contributing site. It includes a cabin constructed of rough hewn white oak with a top log of pine built about 1775. Also on the property is a barn (c. 1810) well house (c. 1810) and the Stump family cemetery. The property commemorates pre-revolutionary pioneer life in America.
 Moat House is a Grade II* listed building situated in Lichfield Road Sutton Coldfield West Midlands.
 Our Lady Immaculate and St Joseph Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Prescot Merseyside. It was built in 1856-57 by the Society of Jesus and is now in the Prescot deanery of the Archdiocese of Liverpool. It is a Grade II listed building designed by Joseph Aloysius Hansom and is next to the Church of St Mary on Vicarage Place in the centre of Prescot.
 The Eastman School of Music Student Living Center is a residential building that is part of the Eastman School of Music in Rochester New York.
 St. Michael's Churchyard is the church and graveyard located in Mickleham Surrey England belonging to the Church of England parish of Mickleham.
 Cold River Bridge also known as McDermott Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge over the Cold River in Langdon New Hampshire USA.It was built in 1869 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Wilkins Mill Covered Bridge is north of Rockville Indiana. The single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure was built by William Hendricks in 1906. The bridge is 120 feet (37 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high.
 The Stroud House in Rogers Arkansas was built in 1912. It was designed by architect A. O. Clark in Colonial Revival and Stick/Eastlake architecture. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.
 The Cyrus McCormick Farm and Workshop is on the family farm of inventor Cyrus Hall McCormick known as Walnut Grove. Cyrus Hall McCormick improved and patented the mechanical reaper which eventually led to the creation of the combine harvester. The farm is near Steele's Tavern Virginia and Raphine Virginia close to the northern border of Rockbridge County Virginia and Augusta County Virginia and is currently a museum run by the Virginia Agricultural Experimental Station of Virginia Tech.
 Commissariat Store is located in Brisbane Queensland bordered by William Street Queen's Wharf Road and the Brisbane River the birthplace of Queensland. The heritage listed building is one of only two surviving buildings from the convict period in Queensland and is one of only four surviving commissariat buildings in Australia. It is the second oldest building in Queensland dated to 1829 the oldest building being the Windmill at Wickham Park dated to 1828.
 The Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh colloquially known as the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary or ERI was established in 1729 and is the oldest voluntary hospital in Scotland. The new buildings of 1879 were claimed to be the largest voluntary hospital in the United Kingdom and later on the Empire. It is the site of clinical medicine teaching as well as a teaching hospital for the University of Edinburgh Medical School. It is currently run by NHS Lothian.
 The Ida B. Wells - Barnett House was the residence of civil rights advocate Ida B. Wells (1862-1931) and her husband Ferdinand Lee Barnett from 1919 to 1930. It is located at 3624 S. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in the Douglas community area of Chicago Illinois. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on October 2 1995. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and as a National Historic Landmark on May 30 1974.
 The Baptist New Meeting House is a historic church building at 461 Main Street in New London New Hampshire.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Temple of Hephaestus also known as the Hephaisteion or earlier as the Theseion is a well-preserved Greek temple; it remains standing largely as built. It is a Doric peripteral temple and is located at the north-west side of the Agora of Athens on top of the Agoraios Kolonos hill. From the 7th century until 1834 it served as the Greek Orthodox church of St. George Akamates.
 The Site historique maritime de la Pointe-au-Père is a maritime museum located in Rimouski Quebec Canada that displays 200 years of maritime history and includes the only submarine open to the public in Canada the HMCS Onondaga (S73).
 The John M. Wynne Unit (WY) is a men's prison of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice located in northern Huntsville Texas at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 2821 West and Texas State Highway 75 North. The Windham School District has its headquarters in the unit. Wynne the second oldest prison in Texas was named after John Magruder Wynne who served as a prison employee and later as a board member of the prison system from 1878 to 1881.
 Ambience Mall is a shopping mall located in Gurgaon India. It comprises an area of 867000-square-foot (80500 m2)
 Indre Eidsfjord Church (Norwegian: Indre Eidsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Holmstad. The church is part of the Sortland parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was designed by Rolf Harlew Jenssen and built in 1970. The church seats about 250 people.
 Uxbridge Cottage Hospital is a hospital in Uxbridge Ontario.
 Palácio de Ferro (English: Iron Palace) is a historical building in the Angolan capital Luanda believed to be designed and built by – or by someone associated with – Gustave Eiffel builder of the world-famous icons the Eiffel Tower in Paris and the Statue of Liberty in New York.The history of the structure is shrouded in mystery since no official record of it exists. It is believed to have been pre-built in the 1890s in France and was destined to be placed in Madagascar via boat.
 The North Uxbridge School is an historic school building at 87 East Hartford Aveue in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The North Uxbridge School is also known as the Virginia A. Blanchard School. It was closed in 1999 because of lead paint.
 The Soho Grand Hotel is a pet friendly luxury boutique hotel located in Lower Manhattan New York City. The hotel has 353 guestrooms including ten suites and two penthouses. With the Tribeca Grand Hotel they make up GrandLife Hotels and are owned and operated by Leonard N. Stern and Emanuel Stern of Hartz Mountain Industries.The Soho Grand Hotels is located on 310 West Broadway between Canal Street and Grand Street.
 Bredon Barn is a large 14th-century threshing barn located at Bredon Worcestershire England standing close to the River Avon.The barn was built for the Bishops of Worcester who were the lords of the manor from local Cotswold stone measuring approximately 40 metres by 12 metres. It has a steep pitched roof covered in Cotswold limestone tiles.
 Fort Richelieu is a historic fort in the Canadian La Vallée-du-Richelieu Regional County Municipality Quebec. The fort is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada. Fort Richelieu was part of a series of five forts built along the Richelieu River and is at the mouth of the Richelieu River. Fort Chambly formerly known as Fort St. Louis at Chambly Fort Sainte-Thérèse and Fort Saint-Jean at Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu are on the way.
 Hale Springs Inn built in 1824 on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville Tennessee was the oldest continuously-operated Inn in Tennessee.
 Duke Regional Hospital (DRH) located in northern Durham North Carolina is a general-services hospital that has been part of the Duke University Health System since 1998. The hospital has 369 beds and over 500 physicians on the medical staff and has a certified Level II Intensive Care Nursery.
 The Coliseum-Duplex Envelope Company Building also known as the Valentine Auction Company Building is a building in Richmond Virginia that was built in 1922 in Early Commercial style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It is located in the West Broad Street Commercial Historic District.
 The First Street Historic District also known as the Main Street Historic District is a commercial historic district in Menominee Michigan containing over 40 structures spread over a 29 acres (12 ha) area. The district is roughly bounded by Fourth Avenue the north side of Tenth Avenue Second Street and the Green Bay Shoreline; the boundaries are approximately equivalent to what is locally known as the Historic Waterfront Downtown.
 The ETR Big Island Bridge is a Pratt through truss bridge located near Green River Wyoming which carries Sweetwater County Road CN4-4 across the Green River. The bridge was built from 1909 to 1910 by contractor Charles G. Sheely. It was named the Big Island Bridge after the Big Island region of Wyoming which the bridge connected to other parts of the state.
 The Ladies Delight Light is a small lighthouse on Lake Cobbosseecontee Maine United States. It was constructed in 1908 and is believed to be the only active inland waters lighthouse in Maine. The tower is 25 feet (7.6 m) tall and is equipped with a 100-watt light bulb further intensified by a lens from a ship's anchor light.The lighthouse was designed by Frank Morse a Boston marine architect.
 The Museum of Science and Industry (MSI) is located in Chicago Illinois USA in Jackson Park in the Hyde Park neighborhood between Lake Michigan and The University of Chicago. It is housed in the former Palace of Fine Arts from the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. Initially endowed by Julius Rosenwald the Sears Roebuck and Company president and philanthropist it was supported by the Commercial Club of Chicago and opened in 1933 during the Century of Progress Exposition.
 CURE Children's Hospital of Uganda is a specialized children's neurosurgery hospital in Uganda. It is a private hospital owned and operated by CURE International. The hospital is also a teaching center in pediatric neurosurgery for Sub-Saharan Africa.
 Colonnade at State College is an open-air shopping center located just off North Atherton Street (Business Route 322) in State College Pennsylvania. Opened in 2000 the center is currently home to three anchors (Kohl's Target and Wegmans) plus many other well-known retailers including Chico's Ann Taylor LOFT PETCO HomeGoods Dick's Sporting Goods Michael's and JoS. A. Bank.Dining options include Applebee's Cracker Barrel Old Country Store and Wegmans Market Cafe.
 The Frederick Daniels House is a historic house at 148 Lincoln Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick and wood frame house was built c. 1885 and is a well-preserved Queen Anne Victorian. Its first floor is brick trimmed with terra cotta panels and sandstone while the upper floor is wood frame clad with decorative shingle work. Frederick Daniels was a supervisor at the Washburn and Moen Wire Company.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Lawry's The Prime Rib /ˈlaʊəriːz/ is an upscale gourmet restaurant chain specializing in prime rib. The original location on Restaurant Row on La Cienega Boulevard in Beverly Hills California was opened in 1938 by Lawrence L. Frank and Walter Van de Kamp. It remains operated by the pair's families.For many years Lawry's carvery was unique in having only a single entrée on its menu standing rib roast.
 The Nymphenburg Palace (German: Schloss Nymphenburg) i.e. Nymph's Castle is a Baroque palace in Munich Bavaria southern Germany. The palace was the main summer residence of the rulers of Bavaria of the House of Wittelsbach.
 The Jacob Voigt House is located in Mequon Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The St. Anthony Park Branch Library is a branch of the St. Paul Public Library in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. A Carnegie library built in 1917 it is on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1999 a rotunda was built on to the back of the building. This new section houses the branch’s children's collection one of the largest in Saint Paul. Although one of St. Paul's smaller library branches at 10590 square feet (984 m2) the St.
 Riversdale is a five-part large-scale late Georgian mansion with superior Federal interior built between 1801 and 1807. Also known as Baltimore House Calvert Mansion or Riversdale Mansion it is located at 4811 Riverdale Road in Riverdale Park Maryland. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
 The Old WRUF Radio Station (now the University of Florida Police Department headquarters) is a historic site in Gainesville Florida United States. It is located on the University of Florida campus (on the southeast corner of Museum Road and Newell Drive). On September 21 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The James W. Foley House on 6th St. in Bismarck North Dakota was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977 but was delisted in 1994. It has also been known as the Elan Art Gallery.Properties listed on the NRHP usually are delisted only after a building has been demolished or otherwise lost historic integrity.
 The Groucho Club is a private members club formed in 1985 located on Dean Street in London’s Soho. Its members are mostly drawn from the publishing media entertainment and arts industries.The club has rooms on several floors including three bars two restaurants (dining room and brasserie) 20 bedrooms available for members or their guests a snooker room and four event rooms available for hire.
 Holy Name Church in West Roxbury is a Roman Catholic church of the Archdiocese of Boston. Among the largest and most distinguished buildings in the Western section of Boston the imposing Romanesque Revival church dominates the traffic circle where it is located and provides an interesting contrast to the Gothic St. Teresa Roman Catholic Church a mile down Centre Street.
 All Saints Frindsbury is a Parish church serving the combined parish of Frindsbury with Upnor and Chattenden. The church dates from 1075 and lies in the north-west corner of the Medway Towns historically part of Kent England. It is a Grade II* listed building English Heritage number 1107886.
 The church of Santi Nazaro e Celso is located on Corso Giamcomo Matteotti at the intersection with Cia Fratelli Bronzetti in Brescia Lombardy Italy.It contains a series of prominent artworks most notable of which is the Averoldi Polyptych a masterwork of Titian. Originally a church was found at approximately the same site in 1239 in an area that had been enclosed by enlarged city walls. A major reconstruction began in 1746.
 The Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art is a non-profit art museum located on the campus of St. Gregory's University in Shawnee Oklahoma USA and operates independently of near-by St. Gregory's University.
 Avenel Cooperative Housing Project properly known as Avenel Homes is a 10-unit cooperative housing development designed by architect Gregory Ain and built in 1947 in the Silver Lake section of Los Angeles. Ain's innovative design has been called a model for effective use of limited space for low-cost urban housing.
 The Olema Lime Kilns at Point Reyes National Seashore in California were built in 1850 on land leased from Mexican grantee Rafael Garcia by James A. Shorb and William F. Mercer two San Francisco entrepreneurs. The kilns were reportedly fired only a few times and have lain abandoned for some 140 years. They were apparently abandoned no later than 1855 after only a few firings probably due to the poor quality small limestone deposits and the financial depression of that year.
 The Maud and Belle Ainsworth House is a historic house located in the Southwest Hills neighborhood of Portland Oregon. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Maud Ainsworth was a prominent Northwest photographer in a cutting-edge modernist style. The 1907 Arts and Crafts house she shared with her sister Belle included her studio and darkroom. The sisters were the two youngest daughters of pioneer businessman and steamboat owner John C. Ainsworth.
 Tombstone Historic District is a historic district in Tombstone Arizona that is significant for its association with the struggle between lawlessness and civility in frontier towns of the wild west. Located within the historical district is the legendary O.K. Corral associated with the famous Gunfight at the O.K. Corral that actually took place on Fremont Street near the back entrance to the O.K. Corral on October 26 1881. The district was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
 First Presbyterian Church Rectory is a historic Presbyterian church rectory located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1857 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling on a raised basement in the Second Empire style. It is five bays wide and features a bellcast mansard roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The related church was added at the same time.
 Rev. John Orrock House is a historic house at 64 Winchester Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Michael's Church Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog is a former parish church in Anglesey north Wales which is now closed and in ruins. The structure dates from the 15th century and a chapel was added to the north side in the 17th century. A replacement church (St Michael's Gaerwen) was built elsewhere in the parish in 1847 and the old church was closed partly demolished and abandoned.
 The Birla Planetarium in Kolkata West Bengal India is a single-storeyed circular structure designed in the typical Indian style whose architecture is loosely styled on the Buddhist Stupa at Sanchi. Situated at Chowringhee Road adjacent to the Victoria Memorial St. Paul's Cathedral and the Maidan in South Kolkata it is the largest planetarium in Asia and the second largest planetarium in the world. There are two other Birla Planetariums in India: B.M.
 Marco Polo House (originally stylised as Marcopolo was a large 'marble' and glass-clad office building and TV studios at 346 Queenstown Road facing Battersea Park in the London Borough of Wandsworth. It was built in 1987-8 and completed in 1989 by Peter Argyrou Associates to a design by postmodernist architect and developer Ian Pollard.
 New Sharon Congregational Church is a historic church on ME 134 in New Sharon Maine.It was built in 1834 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Grace United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist Church building at 34 Court Street in Keene New Hampshire.It was designed by architect Shepard S. Woodcock and built in 1869. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The church is one of the largest in southwestern New Hampshire.
 The Byers-Lyons House (now Byers Hall of the Community College of Allegheny County's Allegheny Campus) in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1898. It was added to the List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations on March 15 1974 the National Register of Historic Places on November 19 1974 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1989.
 The Saint Paul Public Library is a library system serving the residents of Saint Paul Minnesota in the United States. The library system includes a Central Library twelve branch locations and a bookmobile. It is a member of the Metropolitan Library Service Agency a consortium of eight Twin Cities library systems.
 The Josiah A. Ames House is an historic house on 145 Bridge Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. It is a vernacular Queen Anne Victorian wood frame house built in 1887 by Josiah Ames a veteran of the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.
 Clelland House also known as the Houghton House and Clelland-Houghton-Wallace Log House is a historic home located near Grafton Taylor County West Virginia. It was built about 1800 and consists of a two story main section constructed of V-notched logs with a one story frame kitchen wing. It was designed with one chimney and one large room on each floor. It is the oldest surviving house in the area.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Henry Pohlmann House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Saint Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at W. Main and N. Oak Streets in Raymond Mississippi.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Smyrna Elementary School is a historic elementary school building located at Smyrna in Chenango County New York. The original 86000-square-foot (8000 m2) L shaped school was constructed in 1941. In 1956 a 4650-square-foot (432 m2) addition was completed in two sections; a classroom section to the east and small kitchen addition to the south. It is a single story building with basement and mezzanine work space. The building is in the Art Moderne style.
 The Rath Packing Company Administration Building also known as Adams Store Inc. is a historic Late Gothic Revival building in Waterloo Iowa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Draycott Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England.
 The Rising Sun Tavern is a historic building in Fredericksburg Virginia. It was built in 1760 as a home by Charles Washington younger brother of George Washington and became a tavern in 1792.
 The Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Adalbert (Polish: Bazylika Archikatedralna Wniebowzięcia Najświętszej Marii Panny i św. Wojciecha) is a Gothic cathedral in Gniezno Poland. The Cathedral is known for its twelfth-century (ca. 1175) two-winged bronze doors decorated with scenes of martyrdom of St. Wojciech and a silver relic coffin of that saint.
 The Church of All Saints is an Anglican parish church serving the town of Helmsley in North Yorkshire England. It is located between the north-west corner of the market square and Castlegate on the B1257 road north of Helmsley Castle. Dedicated to All Saints it has been part of the Church of England since the Reformation and there are three churches Sproxton Rievaulx and East Moors in the same benefice. The church was granted Grade II* listed building status on 4 January 1955.
 The Ballarat Gaol a former maximum security prison for males females and children is located in Ballarat Victoria Australia. Replacing temporary structures including prison hulks in the Bay of Port Phillip and holding yards in Ballarat the gaol operated between 1862 and 1965.
 Wetherby Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in North Yorkshire England.
 The Boynton Beach Mall is an enclosed short shopping mall in Boynton Beach Florida. It features Macy’s Dillard's J. C. Penney Sears and about 135 specialty stores and eateries. It was built by the Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation in 1985 and is currently owned by Simon Property Group.In the mall's center court there used to be a fountain with a large monarch butterfly statue atop a waterfall which fell in short bursts so as to create an unusual sound.
 Austin Friars Newcastle-upon-Tyne was an Augustinian friary in Tyne and Wear England.The friary is believed to have been founded by William Lord Ros Baron of Wark on Tweed about the year 1290 at a site in Cowgate.
 The Fred O. Miller House is house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Franklin Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 45 Church Street in Franklin North Carolina United States.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Restoration including construction of new interior walls and updated electrical wiring was undertaken in 1993.
 The Royal Theatre at 111 S. Market St. in Benton Arkansas was built in 1948-49 as an extensive renovation of a prior theatre and is already deemed historic.The oldest part of the theatre was part of the 1920 Imp (apparently for Independent Motion Pictures) theatre. The sign and marquee of the theatre and the rest of the 1948-49 redesign were designed by Little Rock architects Frank Ginocchio and Edwin B. Cromwell in Moderne style.
 Hauge Church (Norwegian: Hauge kyrkje) is a parish church in Lærdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Lærdalsøyri. The church is part of the Hauge parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has about 500 seats was built in 1869. The architect Christian Christie made the designs for the building. It was consecrated on 6 May 1869 by Bishop Peter Hersleb Graah Birkeland.
 Mount Zion is a historic home located at Milldale Warren County Virginia. It was built in 1771-1772 and is a two-story seven bay fieldstone mansion. It has a hipped roof and four interior end chimneys. The front facade features windows in a widely spaced Palladian motif on the second story.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 St John the Baptist Church Porthcawl is a medieval church and Grade I listed building in Church Street Newton Porthcawl Wales.St John the Baptist's Church was built probably in the 1180s and is mentioned in 1189. It was founded by the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem 800 years ago and originally built as a fortress. It was largely rebuilt in the 15th or early 16th centuries although it retains some of the original building.
 The IOOF Hall in Stevensville Montana known as the Stevensville Historical Museum was built in 1912. It is a vernacular architecture building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The Stevensville Historical Museum is now located at 517 Main Street Stevensville.
 St John's Church Egremont is in Liscard Road Egremont Merseyside England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church formerly in the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Samuel Smith House and Tannery is a historic residence in the village of Greenfield Ohio United States. Built in the 1820s it has been named a historic site.Greenfield was founded by American Revolution veteran William Robinson Smith a native of Pennsylvania in 1812. Smith and his son Robert founded a tannery on the settlement's eastern edge along Paint Creek and built a vernacular building to house the business.
 The Oman Children's Museum is a children's science museum located near Qurum Nature Park off Sultan Qaboos Street in a white-domed building in Muscat Oman.The museum was established by the Ministry of National Heritage and Culture and opened on November 17 1990 by Sultan Qaboos bin Said al Said on the 20th National Day celebration in Oman. The museum has 45 exhibits and two demonstrations and comprises 10000 square feet (930 m2).
 Methodist Episcopal Church South (also known as First United Methodist Church Checotah) is a historic church at 419 W. Gentry Street in Checotah Oklahoma.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Market Street Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge over the Susquehanna River between Kingston and Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was designed by the noted architectural firm of Carrère and Hastings and built between 1926 and 1929. It is a 1274.3-foot-long (388.4 m) bridge with 12 spans. There are four main spans each measuring 120-foot-long (37 m).The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The New York Amsterdam News Building is where The New York Amsterdam News was published between 1916 and 1938. During this period the newspaper grew to national influence covering African-American issues. The midblock rowhouse is located at 2293 Seventh Avenue (Adam Clayton Powell Jr Avenue) Manhattan New York City New York.It was named a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Fagley House is a historic home located in West Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1860 and is a three-story five bay by two bay random fieldstone structure. It has a gable roof and a one-story porch supported by four Doric order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Red Lodge Museum (grid reference ST582731) is a historic house museum in Bristol England. The original building was Tudor/Elizabethan built in 1579-1580 and the main additional building phases are from the 1730s and the early 19th century.The Red Lodge is a free museum managed as a branch of Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery and Bristol City Council.The Red Lodge is open from 10:30 a.m.
 Willis Hall is a historic building on the campus of Carleton College in Northfield Minnesota United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Willis Hall was the first building specifically built for the college. The first students started attending classes at the former American House hotel in Northfield in 1867 but the building had some serious mechanical problems. The president of the college James W.
 The Reid Memorial Church is a church in Edinburgh.
 Derham Hall and Our Lady of Victory Chapel are administrative and religious buildings respectively at St. Catherine University in Saint Paul Minnesota United States.Derham Hall is the first building on St. Catherine University formerly known as the College of St. Catherine. It was named for Hugh Derham of Rosemount Minnesota who donated $20000 to construct the building.
 The Westin Washington D.C. City Center is a high-rise hotel building in the United States capital of Washington D.C.. It rises to 153 feet (47 m) featuring 14 floors. The building was completed in 1982 as the Vista International Hotel Washington. At the time Hilton International was a separate company from Hilton and was legally forbidden from operating hotels in the United States under the Hilton name. Vista International was their domestic line of hotels.
 McElwain House is an historic house in Caribou Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in April 1982.
 Asbury Methodist Episcopal Church known now as Asbury United Methodist Church is a historic church located at Allen Wicomico County Maryland. It is a rectangular gable-front frame structure with the entrance located in a square bell tower centered on the front. The main block of the building was constructed in 1848 and the tower was added in 1883.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at the junction of 12th and Louisiana Sts. SW corner in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1941 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Barnstable County Correctional Facility is the county jail for Barnstable County. It was opened in 2004 replacing an earlier structure from the 1930s. The building also houses the Barnstable County Sheriff's Office. Sheriff James M. Cummings hired former Massachusetts 10th district congressional candidate Jeff Perry as special sheriff on 25 January 25 2011.
 The former Church of the Holy Innocents later known as Church of the Nativity of our Virgin Lady was originally an Episcopal church located on North Pearl Street (New York State Route 32) in Albany New York United States. It and an adjacent chapel were built in the mid-19th century in an early Gothic Revival style designed by Frank Wills.
 St Peter's and St Paul's Church is a parish church in Church Lane East Sutton Kent dedicated to saints Peter and Paul. It was begun in the mid-13th century or earlier and additions were made in the 14th 15th and 16th centuries. Restoration work was carried out on the church in the late 19th and late 20th centuries. The church is a Grade I listed building.
 Walsh-Havemeyer House is a historic home located at New Windsor in Orange County New York. It was built about 1835 and subsequently expanded and modified. It consists of a two story brick main block with two story brick wing. The interior retains a number of notable Greek Revival treatments dating to the period of original construction. Also on the property is a frame privy and cast iron fence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Dr. Thomas E. Lucas House is a historic home located at Chesterfield Chesterfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1868 and is a two-story three bay central-hall plan frame farmhouse with a one-story rear wing. It features a one-story porch across the front façade. Also on the property is an antebellum smokehouse a gazebo (originally used as a hothouse c. 1885) and several other outbuildings. The house is associated with Dr. Thomas E.
 George G. Mason House is a historic home located at Webster in Monroe County New York. The building was constructed in 1910 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story house that combines simple Queen Anne style massing and Colonial Revival style decorative features. The first floor is built of brick and above the house is sheathed in shingles.
 The Brocket Arms is a 14th-century country inn in Ayot St. Lawrence Hertfordshire. The Brocket Arms was originally the monastic quarters for the Norman church until the Reformation. It was a stop of point for pilgrims on their way to St Albans Abbey. It is said to be haunted by a priest who was tried and hanged in the building.Others say it is of a monk who hanged himself at the inn.
 The Launceston General Hospital (LGH) is one of the three main public hospitals in Tasmania Australia. It is located in Launceston and serves the north of the state. Services provided include Cardiology Renal Gastroenterology Haematology-Oncology Rehabilitation General Surgery Ear/Nose/Throat surgery Plastic surgery Orthopaedics Radiology Paediatrics and an Intensive Care Unit.
 The Art Gallery of South Australia (AGSA) located on the cultural boulevard of North Terrace in Adelaide is one of three significant visual arts museum in the Australian state of South Australia. It has a collection of over 35000 works of art making it after the National Gallery of Victoria the second largest state art collection in Australia. It was known as the National Gallery of South Australia until 1967 when the current name was adopted.
 Merchant Tower (formally known as Merchant's Hotel) is a historic structure in Campbellsville Kentucky United States. Built in 1910 it is listed as Merchant's Hotel on the National Register of Historic Places and is a part of the Campbellsville Historic Commercial District.
 The Australian Computer Museum Society Inc (ACMS) is a society dedicated to the preservation of the history of computing in Australia including software hardware operating systems and literature. ACMS was registered and is a charitable institution which relies on memberships and donations to operate. Established in 1994 their members have since amassed a large number of unique devices designed and built by Australians.
 The church of San Francesco is an ancient church Volterra in the province of Pisa.The plain stone church was built in the 13th century for a community of Franciscan monks. The interior has marble monuments to members of the aristocratic family of Counts Guidi who were patrons of the order. The monument to bishop Guidi (1588) was designed by Felice Palma.
 Anna Ranch Heritage Center is a former cattle ranch in Waimea Hawaii County Hawaii named for Anna Leialoha Lindsey Perry-Fiske (1900–1995).
 The New Windsor Cantonment State Historic Site also known as New Windsor Cantonment is located along NY 300 a mile north of Vails Gate in Orange County's Town of New Windsor. The site features reconstruction buildings of the final encampment of the Continental Army.
 Grant-Humphreys Mansion in Denver Colorado was built in 1902 in the Neoclassical style of architecture by Boal and Harnois for James Benton Grant following his one term as the third Governor of Colorado (1883-1885). The house has been home to two families.
 The Walterboro Historic District is a historic district in Walterboro South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.In 1993 it was expanded to include the state-owned Walterboro High School at 807 Hampton St. a building designed by James B. Urquhart and J.T. Dabbs. The school was built in 1924.The district also includes the Walterboro Library Society Building which is separately listed on the NRHP.
 The university hospital of Heidelberg is one of the largest and most renowned medical centers in the Federal Republic of Germany. It is closely linked to Heidelberg University Medical School (Heidelberg University Faculty of Medicine) which was founded in 1388 and is thus the oldest within the Federal Republic of Germany.
 Pilgrim Baptist Church is a historic church located on the south side of Chicago Illinois USA. The landmarked building was originally constructed for a synagogue K.A.M. Isaiah Israel Temple. The church is notable both as an architectural landmark and for the cultural contributions by the congregation of the church. Located at 3301 S. Indiana Ave the church is in the heart of Chicago's Bronzeville neighborhood.
 Fort Missoula was established by the United States Army in 1877 on land that is now part of the city of Missoula Montana to protect settlers in Western Montana from possible threats from the native American Indians such as the Nez Perce.Beginning in 1888 the fort was home to the famous Buffalo Soldiers of the 25th Infantry Regiment (3rd Formation).
 The Château de Ham (also called fort or forteresse de Ham) is a castle in the commune of Ham in the Somme département in Picardy France.
 Auce Castle is a castle in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia.
 The Abraham Lincoln Statue is a historic statue in the Hodgenville Commercial Historic District's public square in Hodgenville Kentucky. Adolph Alexander Weinman sculpted the statue as he also did the Lincoln statue at the capitol rotunda at Frankfort Kentucky. The Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historical Park is nearby.The statue was the result of the Lincoln Monument Commission under the direction of Otis M. Mather chairman.
 Pullen Memorial Baptist Church is an 850-member Baptist church located in Raleigh North Carolina US that has a decades-long tradition of progressive stands on social issues. These have encompassed civil rights for African Americans and other minorities. In 1958 for instance unlike most predominantly white Baptist congregations the church stated it welcomed African Americans.In the last two decades social issues have included Pullen Memorial's stance on sexual issues.
 The Second Presbyterian Church in Portsmouth Ohio is a historic church at 801 Waller Street.It was built in 1911 and was a work of architect George W. Kramer.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. As of 2012 the congregation is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
 Joye Cottage is one of the oldest and largest of Aiken’s winter retreats. Most of the sprawling property dates to 1897 when William Collins Whitney purchased the property and remodeled it extensively. It now includes a main house a stable a greenhouse a laundry house a couple of one-story cottages and a squash court. The property which is located in Aiken South Carolina was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 29 1980.
 The Jens Myhre Round Barn near New Rockford North Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1919. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.According to its NRHP nomination it is significant for being an extremely intact surviving example of the round barn theme and it is the only round barn surviving in the state which employed a ramp to the mow area.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Beaver Utah was built in 1903. It was designed by Charles C. Woodhouse in Early Commercial architecture style. It served historically as a clubhouse as a meeting hall of Odd Fellows and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Sylvia Park is a large business park and shopping centre in the Auckland New Zealand suburb of Mount Wellington. Less commonly known the area around the centre (which includes some residential and other commercial developments) is also called Sylvia Park (the centre takes its name from the area not vice versa but Sylvia Park is not officially a suburb).
 The Dr. John D. Cooper Archaeological and Paleontological Center or Cooper Center was established as a scientific institution through a partnership between OC Parks and California State University Fullerton with the purpose to preserve curate and manage the Orange County Archaeology and Paleontology Collections. The facility was opened in July 2011 and is located in Orange County California. The Cooper Center was named in honor of Dr. John D.
 Igate Manor (Latvian: Igates pils muiža) is a manor in the historical region of Vidzeme in northern Latvia.
 The Charles Gates Dawes House is the lakefront mansion of Charles Gates Dawes who earned the 1925 Nobel Peace Prize for his plan to alleviate the crushing burden of war reparations Germany was required to pay because of its aggression during World War I. Dawes served as U.S. Vice President under Calvin Coolidge General during World War I and Ambassador to Great Britain.
 The Château de Fonscolombe is a château vineyard and winery in Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade.
 The Oaks Shopping Center is a two-level indoor/outdoor super-regional shopping mall located in Thousand Oaks California. It is owned and managed by Macerich. Accessible from the US Highway 101 Ventura Freeway midway between downtown Los Angeles and Santa Barbara it is one of two malls in its area (competing with the Simi Valley Town Center) and the largest shopping center in Ventura County. The 1300000-square-foot (120000 m2) mall was originally built in 1978 and was renovated in 1993.
 The Heinrich A. Rattermann House was a historic residence in the West End neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1860 it was a brick building with a stone foundation and elements of iron and stone. It was the home of Heinrich Armin Rattermann from 1895 until his 1923 death.
 St Mary's Harrow on the Hill is the Borough and Parish Church at Harrow on the Hill. Lanfranc Archbishop of Canterbury began the construction of a church on this site in 1087. He died in 1089.
 The Eames House (also known as Case Study House No. 8) is a landmark of mid-20th century modern architecture located at 203 North Chautauqua Boulevard in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles. It was constructed in 1949 by husband-and-wife design pioneers Charles and Ray Eames to serve as their home and studio.
 First Baptist Church of Wollaston is a historic Baptist church building at 187 Warren Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Coca-Cola Building at 211 N. Moose in Morrilton Arkansas was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture which is both Colonial Revival and Modern Movement in style. It was designed by Thompson Sanders & Ginocchio.
 Belém Tower (Portuguese: Torre de Belém pronounced: [ˈtoʁ(ɨ) dɨ bɨˈlɐ̃ȷ̃]) or the Tower of St Vincent is a fortified tower located in the civil parish of Santa Maria de Belém in the municipality of Lisbon Portugal. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site (along with the nearby Jerónimos Monastery) because of the significant role it played in the Portuguese maritime discoveries of the era of the Age of Discoveries.
 Saint Paul's Episcopal Church in Columbus Ohio is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Barnum Museum is a museum in Bridgeport Connecticut USA with an extensive collection related to P. T. Barnum and the history of Bridgeport Connecticut housed in a historic building on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Rice–Gates House is a historic private residence on Southeast Walnut Street in downtown Hillsboro Oregon United States. Completed in 1890 the Second Empire architectural style structure stands two stories tall with a mansard roof. The wood building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and is named after several former owners William Rice Harry V. Gates and his son Oliver.
 Hotel Kenney is a hotel near Jones Falls on the Rideau Canal in the township of Rideau Lakes Ontario Canada. Parks Canada describes the hotel as having been built as a fishing lodge in a period when excursion steamers operated along the canal.The hotel was built in 1888 on the site of an earlier building which had been destroyed in a fire. It is open early May to late October. The hotel was owned by members of the Kenney family for many years.
 Hon Kwok City Center is a skyscraper under construction in Shenzhen China.
 Bridge No. 1860 also known as the Samson Occom Bridge is a fieldstone arch bridge in Montville Connecticut United States. Constructed by the Connecticut State Highway Department in 1936 as a Works Progress Administration project it is located on Mohegan tribal land in an area that was once a part of Fort Shantok State Park. The bridge carries traffic from Massapeag Side Road (Special Service Road 433) over the Shantok Brook a tributary of the Thames River.
 The Hinkle-Murphy House is a historic building in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States. It was designed in 1886 as a private residence in the Colonial Revival style by William Channing Whitney (later to be the architect of the Minnesota Governor's Residence) and is considered to be the first Georgian Revival style house in Minnesota. The house was occupied successively by Minneapolis businessmen William H. Hinkle and William J.
 251 Menlove Avenue named Mendips was the childhood home of John Lennon singer and songwriter with the Beatles and is now preserved by the National Trust.Mendips is a 1930s semi-detached property in Woolton South Liverpool England. The house belonged to Lennon's Aunt Mimi and her husband George Smith. The couple took John in at the age of five after his mother who was living with her boyfriend was persuaded that it would be better for Mimi and George to take care of him.
 Masaka Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Masaka Hospital is a hospital in the city of Masaka in south-central Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Kalangala District Lyantonde Masaka and Rakai.
 Camden Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located on Commerce Street in Camden Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1805 and is a two-story gambrel-roofed brick building. The roof is punctuated by two shed roofed dormers. The second floor housed a school that operated from 1805 to 1882.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The First Broiler House also known as Mrs. Wilmer Steele's Broiler House is preserved at the University of Delaware Agricultural Experiment Station near Georgetown Delaware as an example of a chicken house that was widely used to raise broiler chickens in Delaware during the 1920s. An example of an individual-colony house the 16-foot (4.9 m) square wood frame building housed 500 chickens.
 The Franz Zavadil Farmstead also known as the Zavadil Farmstead is a house and a group of farm building in Menominee Nebraska United States. The property was obtained in 1876 by Franz Zavadil an immigrant from Bohemia. The farmstead includes 160 acres (65 ha) of land and 19 separate structures including two dwellings a garage a granary a privy a blacksmith's shop barns and sheds. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 31 1985.
 The Karrick Building is a historic U.S. building located at 1490 Highland Avenue Eau Gallie Florida. The building was constructed in 1924 by Jesse Karrick and it was used as a general merchandise and grocery store until 1963. Jesse Karrick was the first proprietor of the store and also served as the first fire chief of Eau Gallie.
 Sainte-Marie among the Hurons (French: Sainte-Marie-au-pays-des-Hurons) was a French Jesuit settlement in Wendake the land of the Wendat near modern Midland Ontario from 1639 to 1649. It was the first European settlement in what is now the province of Ontario. Eight missionaries from Sainte-Marie were martyred and were canonized by the Catholic Church in 1930. Sainte-Marie Among the Hurons was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1920.
 The Tiger Hotel is a hotel in Columbia Missouri. Built as a hotel in 1928 the building later housed a retirement home and banquet center. In 2012 the building was fully restored and reopened as a boutique hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Wimborne Minster known locally as the Minster is the parish church of Wimborne Dorset England. The Minster has existed for over 1300 years and is recognised for its unusual chained library (one of only four surviving chained libraries in the world[citation needed]). The Minster a former monastery and Benedictine nunnery is the resting place of King Ethelred of Wessex.
 The Alamo Plaza Historic District is a historic district of Downtown San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It includes The Alamo a separately listed Registered Historic Place and a U.S. National Historic Landmark.The plaza landscaping was designed and supervised by city alderman Anton Wulff.
 Janesville Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Janesville Wisconsin United States. Opened in 1973 the mall currently features more than 68 tenants including Boston Store J. C. Penney Kohl's and Sears Roebuck and Company as anchor stores.
 Middletown United Methodist Church is a historic church at Madison and Main Streets in Middletown Kentucky.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Helianthus III was a yacht built by Nathanael Greene Herreshoff (1848–1938) in 1924. She was a ketch-rigged wooden vessel 62½' long on deck with a 13'-9 beam and 4'-6 draft. Before being lost at sea in the 1990s she was docked at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland.She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Ethnographic Museum in Belgrade Serbia is one of the oldest museums in the Balkans. The Ethnographic Museum in Belgrade fulfills its mission together with the efforts of various stakeholders in the domain of presentation revitalization and development of crafts in Serbia.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 23 3rd Street N.W. in Mason City Iowa is an historic structure that on October 30 1997 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It now houses professional offices.
 St Alban's Church Wallasey is in Mill Lane Liscard Wallasey Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Upton is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Upton Newark and Sherwood Nottinghamshire.
 The Eagles Auditorium Building is a seven story historic theatre and apartment building in Seattle Washington. Located at 1416 Seventh Avenue at the corner of Seventh and Union Street the Eagles Auditorium building has been the home to ACT Theatre since 1996. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on July 14 1983.
 The Hôtel de Gantès is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 1Borneo Hypermall also known as 1Borneo is the largest shopping complex in East Malaysia. 1Borneo Hypermall is situated in an area which is the fastest growing sector in Sabah. It's just 7 km away from Kota Kinabalu City and about 13 km away from Kota Kinabalu International Airport.
 The Spring Street Freight House is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Jeffersonville Indiana. It was placed on the Register in May 2007 after being nominated by the Indiana Department of Transportation. It is one of the few railhouses built in the 1920s still standing.It was built by Cleveland Cincinnati Chicago and St. Louis Railway (CCC & St. L RR) also known as the Big Four around 1925. It was built Craftsman-style and is 1.5 stories high.
 Pauline Felix House is a historic home located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1909 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Italian Renaissance–style residence with a stucco exterior and a clay tile hipped roof. It features a portico supported by six evenly spaced square posts and running the full width of the facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Luzerne Presbyterial Institute also known as the Wyoming Institute is a historic church school on Institute Street in Wyoming Pennsylvania.It was built in 1849 for use as a school the Luzerne Presbyterial Institute which closed in 1869. The building was then used as a Sunday school by the Wyoming Presbyterian Church. It was added to the National Register in 1979.
 St John the Baptist's Church Parson Drove is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Parson Drove Cambridgeshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands at the east end of the village on the north side of the B1169 road some 6 miles (10 km) west of Wisbech.
 Wellman House is a historic home located at Friendship in Allegany County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story clapboard dwelling constructed in 1835 and remembered as the residence of Col. Abijah Wellman. A Mansard roof was added later to the original house. It is surrounded by three and a half acres of well kept formal gardens and is the centerpiece of the town of Friendship.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Sears Roebuck and Company Store at 800 West Broadway in Louisville Kentucky is a building on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hotel Arcata is a National Historic Place and fully operational hotel located in Arcata California. It was built to accommodate visitors to Arcata California drawn by the Humboldt State Normal School (now Humboldt State University) and delivered by the Northwestern Pacific Railroad.
 Jubilee Hall on the campus of Fisk University in Nashville Tennessee was the university's first permanent building completed in 1876. Funds to build Jubilee Hall were raised by the Fisk Jubilee Singers in their first European singing tour in 1873.The building houses a floor-to-ceiling portrait of the original Jubilee Singers that was given to the university by Queen Victoria during the 1873 tour.Jubilee Hall was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 Hellfire Pass (Thai: ช่องเขาขาด known by the Japanese as Konyu Cutting) is the name of a railway cutting on the former Death Railway in Thailand which was built with forced labour during the Second World War in part by Allied prisoners of war. The pass is noted for the harsh conditions and heavy loss of life suffered by its labourers during construction.
 Clifton House is a 17th-century GradeA listed building located in Belfast Northern Ireland. Originally built as a poor house by the Belfast Charitable Institution today it is an old people's home.
 Per Se is a New American and French restaurant located on the fourth floor of the Time Warner Center at 10 Columbus Circle (at West 60th Street and Broadway) in Manhattan in New York City owned by chef Thomas Keller. It has been called the best restaurant in New York City by the New York Times. The chef is Eli Kaimeh.
 Chestnut Street Baptist Church (also Quinn Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church) is a historic church at 912 W. Chestnut Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Miccosukee Resort & Gaming is a resort and casino on the western outskirts of Miami Florida off 500 Southwest 177th Avenue on the edge of the Everglades. Located in a 9-story pink and white building it has a colored statue of a young Miccosukee boy outside the front entrance. It has been cited as one of the most unusual resort destinations in Florida due to the contrast between the Native American village surroundings and the casino.
 Stancliffe Hall is a grade II Listed building on Whitworth Road in the settlement of Darley Dale near Matlock Derbyshire.
 Cypress Avenue East Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 247 contributing buildings built between 1900 and 1914. They consist mainly of three story tenements with two apartments per floor.
 The Church of Saint Lucy in Selci (Italian: Santa Lucia in Selci also known as Santa Lucia in Silice or Santa Lucia in Orfea (in Orphea in Orthea)) is an ancient Roman Catholic church located in Rome dedicated to Saint Lucy a 4th-century virgin and martyr.
 Ebenezer Methodist Church is a historic church in Bells North Carolina.The church building was constructed in 1890 and added to the National Register in 1985.Since the congregation's founding as a Methodist Episcopal Church in 1827 Ebenezer United Methodist Church (UMC) has continually sought to be a place where God’s help could be found.
 One Nationwide Plaza is a 40-story skyscraper in Columbus Ohio that is the headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. It is part of the complex of buildings known as Nationwide Plaza.Nationwide outgrew its famous 246 Building by the 1970s and work began on a new headquarters for the company. In 1977 the 146 m (485 ft) building was completed. The building is located at the corner of N. High Street and what is now Nationwide Blvd. on the northern edge of downtown Columbus Ohio.
 The Château de Mehun-sur-Yèvre is a castle in the town of Mehun-sur-Yèvre in the départment of Cher France.The castle has been classified as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture since 1840.
 The Joseph Damon House is a historic house at 178 South Street in Reading Massachusetts. This 2.5 story timber frame house was built c. 1754 and probably moved to its present location in the late 1790s at which time its central chimney was replaced with twin chimneys. The saltbox form although a common colonial-era design was relatively rare in Reading.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Huis ten Bosch (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦœy̆s tɛn bɔs]; English: House in the Woods) is a royal palace in The Hague in the Netherlands. It is one of three official residences of the Dutch Royal Family the other two being Noordeinde Palace in The Hague and the Royal Palace in Amsterdam.Huis ten Bosch has been the home of former Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands since 1981; the current King Willem-Alexander and his family have announced plans to move into the palace in the near future.
 Loux Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located on Wismer Road crossing the Cabin Run Creek upstream from the Cabin Run Covered Bridge in Bedminster Township and Plumstead Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1874 by David Sutton out of hemlock in the Town Truss style. This is one of the shorter covered bridges in Bucks County at only 60 feet (18 m) long.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980.
 Cambridge Springs Bridge was a historic metal truss bridge spanning French Creek at Cambridge Springs Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1896 and was a single span Baltimore truss bridge measuring 200-foot-long (61 m). It was built by the Youngstown Bridge Company of Youngstown Ohio. It was demolished about 2003.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The College of All Saints was an ecclesiastical college in Maidstone Kent England founded in 1395 by Archbishop Courtenay. It was part of the establishment of the nearby Archbishop's Palace but was closed in 1546. The College church was the neighbouring Church of All Saints. Following its closure the College estate was sold. The buildings and land passed through the ownership of three aristocratic families being farmed until the late 19th century.
 Martin L. C. Wilmarth House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a square 2-story frame Colonial Revival–style residence. It is topped by a hipped roof with decorative balustrade. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story frame carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Oxford Terrace Baptist Church was located in the Christchurch Central City on a prominent corner property fronting the Avon River. The main building was significantly damaged in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and collapsed in the subsequent February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. This building had a Category II listing by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 The Drummine Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at New Market Frederick County Maryland United States. The main house was constructed about 1790 and is a 2 1⁄2-story structure of uncoursed fieldstone. The house retains Georgian stylistic influences in exterior and interior decorative detailing.
 St Saviour's Church Wildboarclough is located in the village of Wildboarclough Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St Mary the Virgin Bosley St Michael North Rode and St Michael Wincle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Administration Building Decatur Baptist College at 1602 S. Trinity St. in Decatur Texas was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It was a historic building of the Decatur Baptist College which later moved to Dallas.
 St Peter's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Aldrington area of Hove part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is one of three Roman Catholic churches in Hove and one of eleven in the wider city area. Built between 1912 and 1915 in a red-brick Romanesque style its tall campanile forms a local landmark. It has been listed at Grade II by English Heritage in view of its architectural importance.
 The Washington Navy Yard (WNY) is the former shipyard and ordnance plant of the United States Navy in Southeast Washington D.C. It is the oldest shore establishment of the U.S. Navy. The Yard currently serves as a ceremonial and administrative center for the U.S. Navy home to the Chief of Naval Operations and is headquarters for the Naval Sea Systems Command Naval Historical Center the Department of Naval History the U.S.
 The San Ysidro Port of Entry is the largest land border crossing between San Diego and Tijuana and the busiest land border crossing in the world. The San Ysidro Port of Entry is one of three ports of entry in the San Diego–Tijuana metropolitan region.
 The Malvern Roller Mill also known as Appel Mill and Malvern Milling Company is a 19th century grist mill located near the unincorporated village of Malvern Illinois in rural Whiteside County north of Morrison Illinois United States. The original mill on the site built by 1853 was destroyed by a flood and the present mill was erected in 1858. The mill's first owner was William P. Hiddleson who operated the mill until he sold to Benjamin Hough in 1871.
 The Moses Mould House is a Registered Historic Place located at the junction of NY 17K and Kaistertown Road in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York. It is just up Kaisertown from another site on the National Register the Jacob Shafer House. Mould was the first of a large family of German settlers in the town to bear the name. The house was built in a Greek Revival style. It has been on the Register since 2002.
 Balthis House also known as E.C. Balthis Blacksmith Shop Property and Balthis' Old Stand is a historic home located at Front Royal Warren County Virginia. The original section was built about 1787 and is a two-story five bay timber frame vernacular Federal style dwelling. The original section is three bay and the house was expanded to its present size in the mid-19th century at the same time as the addition of the two-story brick rear ell.
 Eratt House is a historic home located near Bridgeville Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1750 and is a two-story three bay single pile brick structure with a gable roof. The house is in the hall-and-parlor plan. The house was converted for use as a garage. It is one of only about a dozen surviving 18th century brick houses in SussexCounty.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 South Ridge is a cluster of six residential towers located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai United Arab Emirates. South Ridge was completed in May 2008. The six towers range in height from 120 m (390 ft) to 176 m (577 ft). The shortest tower has 30 floors while the tallest has 44 floors. Downtown Dubai is the complex that includes the Burj Khalifa the Dubai Mall and other major projects.
 Great Northern Freight Warehouse is a property in Fargo North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It was built in 1902 and later expanded in Chicago and/or Commercial Style architecture style.The listing included one contributing building on an area of 1 acre (0.40 ha).It's significant for its history and for its architecture.
 Weir Greenhouse is a historic greenhouse located in Sunset Park Brooklyn New York New York. It was originally built in 1880 and significantly rebuilt and enlarged in 1895. It is a rectangular wood frame and galvanized iron building with projecting bays and domes in the Victorian commercial style. The main entrance is set at an angle to the street corner and is octagonal in form. The rooftop features an octaginal cupola with a ball finial.
 First United Methodist Church (also known as First Methodist Church) is a historic church building at the northeast corner of 18th Street and Central Avenue in Cheyenne Wyoming. The congregation was founded in 1867. The church building at 18th and Central was constructed in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.Wild Bill Hickok married Agnes Thatcher Lake a 50-year-old circus proprietor at the First United Methodist Church in Cheyenne on March 5 1876.
 Danderyds sjukhus is a hospital in Danderyd Municipality in northern Greater Stockholm opened in 1922. Until 1964 it was called Centrallasarettet i Stocksund.
 One Main Place is a skyscraper in Dallas Texas. The building rises 445 feet (136 meters). It contains 33 floors and was completed in 1968. One Main Place currently stands as the 27th-tallest building in the city. The architectural firm who designed the building was Skidmore Owings & Merrill who also designed the Willis Tower and John Hancock Center in Chicago and the Burj Khalifa in Dubai.
 Riggs National Bank Washington Loan And Trust Company Branch also known as Washington Loan and Trust at the SW corner of 9th and F Sts. NW in Washington D.C.
 St. Thomas' Church is a historic brick church in a picturesque rural setting located at Croom Prince George's County Maryland. The original church was constructed between 1742 and 1745 and is one of the earliest Episcopal churches in Southern Maryland.
 The David Whitney House is located at 4421 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. The building was constructed as a private residence. It was restored in 1986 and is now a restaurant. The Whitney Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Northland Shopping Mall or Northland Mall is a shopping mall in Appleton Wisconsin. It opened up as a strip mall in the mid '60s and became an enclosed / strip hybrid in '83.
 Burgruine Lavant is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Matsusaka Castle (松坂城 Matsusaka-jō) was a Japanese castle (now in ruins) located in Matsusaka Mie Prefecture Japan. Throughout most of the Edo period Matsusaka Castle was a secondary administrative center for the Kishu-Tokugawa clan daimyō of Kishū Domain. The site has been proclaimed a National Historic Site by the Japanese government.
 The Crystal Springs Fountain is a historic roadside fountain along old U.S. Route 10 near Crystal Springs North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It provided spring water and was a rest stop for travelers.The fountain fed by an artesian well consists of an elevated reservoir that leads down to an open drinking fountain.
 The Harriet Beecher Stowe House is a historic home in Ohio which was once the residence of influential antislavery author Harriet Beecher Stowe (1811-1896) writer of Uncle Tom's Cabin.
 Eldorado Business Tower is a 36-story skyscraper in São Paulo Brazil. Completed in 2007 the 141 meters (462 feet) building is the 45th tallest building in South America 17th in Brazil. The tower is located near Shopping Eldorado a shopping center in Pinheiros.
 Cleveland's Hall and Blacksmith Shop is located in the community of Attica Wisconsin within the town Brooklyn Green County Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Cathedral of the Holy Mother of God (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստվածածին Մայր Եկեղեցի also known as the Seven Wounds of the Holy Mother of God (Armenian: Սուրբ Աստվածամոր Յոթ Վերք is a 19th-century church in Gyumri Armenia. Occupying the northern side of the Vartanants Square the cathedral is the seat of the Diocese of Shirak of the Armenian Apostolic Church. The church was constructed between 1873 and 1884.
 Green's Inheritance is a historic home located at Pomfret Charles County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed house of common bond brick built about 1850. The house has a basic Georgian plan. It is the only brick house in Charles County dating between the years 1835 and 1880.
 The Osborne Apartments are located at 205 West 57th Street in New York City. The Osborne began construction in 1883 and was completed in 1885 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 22 1993.The building stands behind its dour and reticent rusticated brownstone cladding on the northwest corner of 57th Street and Seventh Avenue catercorner from Carnegie Hall.
 Willimantic Elks Club is a historic Elks Club lodge at 198 Pleasant Street in Windham Connecticut. It was built in 1925 in Tudor Revival architecture style and has served as a meeting hall. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.A large addition was added in 1957.
 The Livestock Exchange Building in Omaha Nebraska was built in 1926 at 4920 South 30 Street in South Omaha. It was designed as the centerpiece of the Union Stockyards by architect George Prinz and built by Peter Kiewit and Sons in the Romanesque revival and Northern Italian Renaissance Revival styles. In 1999 it was designated an Omaha Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Springfield Town Center is a shopping center currently under redevelopment in Springfield Virginia.
 The Roberson Mansion part of the Roberson Museum and Science Center is a home in Binghamton New York. It was designed by Binghamton architect C. Edward Vosbury and built in 1904.It is said to be very similar to the McKinnon House in Utica built in 1899 which Vosbury also designed.The mansion is supposedly haunted by the ghost of its former owner Alonzo Roberson.
 St. Luke's Lutheran Church also known as The German Evangelical Lutheran Congregation of Saint Luke's and St. Luke's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located on Restaurant Row at 308 West 46th Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues in the Theater District of Manhattan New York City.
 The Mount Rainier Historic District is a national historic district located at Mount Rainier Prince George's County Maryland which began as a streetcar suburb located northeast of Washington D.C. The district was built on a gently rolling rural landscape from about 1900 to 1940. The district contains more than 1000 buildings which are modestly scaled detached single-family frame houses sited closely together with common setbacks.
 Ahavath Torah is a Conservative congregation in Stoughton Massachusetts. Formed as a merger of two older congregations founded in the 1890s it is the oldest synagogue in Stoughton.Congregation Ahavath Achim was formed in Stoughton in 1893. Congregation Talmud Torah was formed in Stoughton soon after in 1895. Both congregations worshiped in various houses. In 1918 the congregations merged with the Hebrew Benevolent Society to form Ahavath Torah Congregation with 25 members and Rev. M. L.
 The Kurhaus (cure house) is the spa house in Wiesbaden the capital of Hesse Germany. It serves as the city's convention centre and is the social center of the spa town with many events throughout the year.
 The Cecil County Circuit Courthouse is located in Elkton Maryland. The courthouse houses the chambers and courtrooms for the 4 judges of the Circuit Court for Cecil County as well as the clerk's offices jurors' assembly room the law library and masters' offices. On Friday January 3 2014 Judge Brenda Sexton was sworn in as Cecil County's 4th Circuit Court Judge. She is filling a seat newly created by the Maryland legislature.
 CuisinArt Resort and Spa is a five-star resort hotel in Rendezvous Beach Anguilla. The resort is inspired by the Greek island of Mykonos.It contains wicker furniture and Haitian paintings on the walls. The formal evening restaurant of the hotel is Santorini and the informal Meditarraneo bar is by the pool.
 The William Hagerman Farmstead is a historic home located at Sharpsburg Washington County Maryland United States. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay brick dwelling with a raised cellar. It features a double porch three tiered extending across the east gable end of the house. The house is an exceptionally intact example of an 1860s vernacular interpretation of the Italianate architecture.The William Hagerman Farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Highpoint Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre located in Maribyrnong Victoria in the western suburbs of Melbourne Victoria Australia.
 The Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel is the 33rd-tallest building in Toronto and is the tallest all-hotel building in Toronto. When it opened in 1972 it was the second largest hotel in Toronto with 1450 rooms behind only the Royal York Hotel. The hotel was originally a joint venture with the Four Seasons chain and was named the Four Seasons Sheraton Hotel. That connection was severed in 1976 when Four Seasons founder Issy Sharp sold his 49 percent share in the hotel.
 Funan DigitaLife Mall (Chinese: 福南数码活力广场) also known as Funan The IT Mall (Chinese: 福南科技广场) or simply Funan Centre (Chinese: 福南中心) is a shopping centre located near the Civic District in Singapore.
 The former Saratoga Gas Electric Light and Power Company Complex is located near the northern boundary of Saratoga Springs New York United States. It is a seven-acre (2.8 ha) parcel with two brick buildings on it. In the 1880s it became the thriving resort city's first power station.They are the only remnants of a gas-fired power plant begun in 1873 and remaining in operation for over half a century.
 Dinner by Heston Blumenthal is a restaurant in London England. Opened in January 2011 it gained a Michelin star within a year and in 2012 was listed as number 9 on The World's 50 Best Restaurants. It is the second restaurant by celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal to hold a Michelin star the other being The Fat Duck. It received a second Michelin Star in the 2014 Guide. The restaurant is headed by former Fat Duck head chef Ashley Palmer-Watts.
 The Gilbert Stuart Birthplace and Museum is a small museum located in Saunderstown Rhode Island USA. On December 3 1755 Gilbert Stuart a famous American portraitist of the 18th and 19th centuries was born in the colonial-era house located on the property. The museum consists of the 1750 house in which Stuart was born an operational snuff mill an operational grist mill a mill pond streams a fish ladder nature trails an herb garden and a Welcome Center and gift shop.
 Sleepy Hollow Cemetery is a cemetery located on Bedford Street near the center of Concord Massachusetts. The cemetery is the burial site of a number of famous Concordians including some of the United States' greatest authors and thinkers especially on a hill known as Author's Ridge.
 Bjärka-Säby Castle (Bjärka-Säby slott i Östergötland) is a baroque style château located south of Linköping in Östergötland County Sweden. Bjärka-Säby Castle was built for Swedish diplomat and nobleman Germund Louis Cederhielm. The building was based upon plans from a prominent Swedish landscape architect Fredrik Magnus Piper. Construction started in 1791 and was completed just before 1800. The surrounding landscape was design in the manner of a traditional English park.
 The Old Dauphin Way Historic District is a historic district in the city of Mobile Alabama United States. It was named for Dauphin Way now known as Dauphin Street which bisects the center of the district from east to west. The district is roughly bounded by Broad Street on the east Springhill Avenue on the north Government Street on the south and Houston Avenue on the west.
 Coal Run is an unincorporated community in northeastern Waterford Township Washington County Ohio United States. Although it is unincorporated it has a post office with the ZIP code of 45721. It is located along State Route 60 between the villages of Beverly and Lowell. The Muskingum River flows past the community.In 1996 Coal Run was declared a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Edward Devotion House is a historic house at 347 Harvard Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1745 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The house one of Brookline's oldest colonial structures is owned by the town and administered by the Brookline Historical Society as a historic house museum. The home also serves as the headquarters of the Brookline Historical Society.
 The Cathedral Church of Christ Marina Lagos is an Anglican cathedral in Lagos Nigeria.
 The Setagaya Art Museum (世田谷美術館 Setagaya Bijutsukan) is an art museum in Yōga Setagaya Tokyo. The museum which opened March 30 1986 houses a permanent gallery and mounts seasonal exhibitions.
 Ross Common Manor is a national historic district located in Ross Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. It encompasses four contributing buildings and one contributing site on the historic estate of Ross Common Manor. The manor house was built about 1810 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay wide stone dwelling with a gable roof. The 1809 stone kitchen building was attached to the main house about 1890. It was built by Congressman John Ross (1770-1834).
 The Rockland Trust Company building is a historic building and a branch of the Rockland Trust Company in Rockland Massachusetts. On December 8 1917 the bank opened a new Colonial Georgian building at 288 Union Street and the bank's corporate headquarters were housed there until 2008. The building which was expanded in 1924 was added to the National Historic Register in 1989.
 Grand Canyon Parkway is an incomplete 125-acre (51 ha) open air shopping center in Spring Valley Nevada located at Grand Canyon Parkway and Flamingo Road. At completion the center will encompass 2500000 square feet (230000 m2) of space.The mall anchors completed thus far are J. C. Penney Kohl's Sears Grand and Target Greatland.
 Notre Dame Cathedral also known as the Cathedral of Phnom Penh was a 19th-century French Gothic revival church that served as the cathedral of the Apostolic Vicariate of Phnom Penh. It was located in the Russei Keo District of the city on Monivong Boulevard.The construction of the cathedral began in the 19th century and was overseen by the French colonial government in Cambodia. The architectural style has been described as resembling Reims Cathedral.
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse in Columbus Ohio was built in 1887. The building served as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio from its completion in 1887 until 1934 when the court moved to the Joseph P. Kinneary United States Courthouse. Also known as Old Old Post Office it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Doris is a sailing yacht yacht which has also been known as Astarte Huntress and Vayu in Deep River Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. She was designed by N.G. Herreshoff who designed five America's Cup defender yachts and who also was the main architect of the America's Cup rule change called the Universal Rule.
 Esplanada City Center is the name of a future multifunctional city center in Bucharest situated on the Unirii Boulevard not far from the Palace of the Parliament. Esplanada will provide shopping living working and leisure functions integrated into a mixed-use urban community.The Romanian State has approved the Esplanada City Center Project. TriGránit Development Corporation will start construction works on the Esplanada Project in the second half of 2009.
 Church San Juan Bautista of Maricao in Maricao Puerto Rico is a church built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 SM City Bacolod is a supermall located along Rizal Street Reclamation Area Bacolod City Negros Occidental Philippines. It has a total of land area of 161096.60 square meters and a total floor area of 71760 square meters. SM City Bacolod is the 29th supermall of SM Prime Holdings and the 3rd in the Visayas region. It opened on March 1 2007. SM City Bacolod is currently undergoing renovation and expansion that will be completed in phases.
 St. Boniface Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Sublimity Oregon United States. Built in 1889 in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture it is a massive six-bay wooden structure with lancet stained glass windows and a steep sloping roof. The cross-adorned steeple above its front entrance reaches to a height of 110 feet above the ground. Its historic cemetery adjoins the church building on one side.
 The Union Pacific Railroad Julesburg Depot at 210 W. First St. in Julesburg Colorado and also known as the Depot Museum was built in 1930. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is a brick one-story building built as a standard Union Pacific Railroad combination-type depot i.e. handling passengers as well as freight and express shipments.The depot was hit by a tornado on June 6 1947 that badly damaged the building; it was repaired.
 The Stony Brook Reservation Parkways are a group of historic parkways in Boston and Dedham Massachusetts. The roads consist of the Dedham Enneking and Turtle Pond Parkways and West Boundary Road. Two roads within the park Smithfield Road and Reservation Road are listed as non-contributing properties. The park roads were built between 1894 and 1956. The parkways of Stony Brook Reservation were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Samuel Hyde House is a building at 3726 East Madison Street in Seattle Washington United States listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building built in 1909–1910 for liquor magnate Samuel Hyde now houses the residence of the Russia consul-general.The two-story brick house is fronted by a portico with Corinthian columns; there is a brick carriage house in back. It is believed that the grounds were laid out by the Olmsted Brothers.
 The Schenectady Armory is located on Washington Street in the city of the same name in the U.S. state of New York. It is a brown brick building dating to 1936.New York's state architect at that time William Haugaard used the Art Deco architectural style for the exterior of the building and the Tudorbethan mode for the interior. The armory remains virtually intact today. It was home to two units of the New York Army National Guard until it was closed in 2008.
 Zollinger-Harned Company Building now known as The Sovereign Building is a historic department store building located at Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania.
 The Captain George Flavel House Museum known also as Capt. George Flavel House and Carriage House or the Flavel Mansion is now a house museum in Astoria Oregon United States. It was built in 1885 in the Queen Anne architectural style by George Flavel a Columbia River bar pilot who was one of the area's first millionaires.The house and its carriage house were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 B. Ketchum House is a historic home located in Fort Salonga in the Town of Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story six-bay shingled dwelling. The main entrance features a four-pane transom simple molded surround and gable-roof canopy. It was built about 1765 and representative of the early settlement of Huntington.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Taltoli Jama Masjid (formerly known as the Munshibari Jama Masjid) is a 19th century Jama Masjid of the village of Taltoli in Comilla Bangladesh.
 Plaza Low Yat (often abbreviated PLY) is a shopping specializing electronics and IT products in Malaysia. In 2009 Plaza Low Yat was named “Malaysia’s Largest IT Lifestyle Mall” by the Malaysia Book of Records.[citation needed] Plaza Low Yat falls under the Low Yat Group alongside other properties in the city centre such as Federal Hotel Capitol Hotel Federal Arcade and BBpark.
 Øn Church (Norwegian: Øn kyrkje) is a parish church in Hyllestad Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørbøvågen. The church is part of the Hyllestad parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. There has been a church at Øn (just east of Sørbøvågen) since at least the 1300s.Øn Church is a brick and concrete building which sits along the Hyllestadfjorden.
 River View House is a historic home located at Cornwall in Orange County New York. It was built between 1850 and 1860 and is a two story five bay frame dwelling. It features a center projecting bay and refined Italianate / Carpenter Gothic style details. Also on the property is a cottage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. John's Church is a historic church at 101 Chapel Street in Portsmouth New Hampshire.It was built in 1807 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Coca-Cola Place originally known as The Ark is a 21 level commercial office building located at 16-40 Mount St in North Sydney Australia. It is jointly owned by Investa Property Group and Investa Commercial Property Fund and was designed by the architectural firm Rice Daubney.
 Thistle Manufacturing Company factory is a historic factory along the Patapsco River in Catonsville Maryland across from Ilchester Maryland. The 1800s factory was in continuous operation until 2003.
 The Victory Tower also referred to as Mandarin Oriental Dallas Hotel & Residences is a canceled skyscraper in the new Victory Park neighborhood of Dallas Texas. At the time its proposal the building would have been the tallest structure under construction in the city and was the only building planned to rise over 400 feet (122 meters) up for proposal in Dallas.
 Baumann House also known as the Martz House is a historic property located on Four Mile Road in Camp Springs Kentucky a rural area of Campbell County Kentucky. The house was built in 1852 as part of a settlement of German immigrants. The structure was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Central High School also known as High School of Columbus and High School of Commerce was a four-year secondary school (grades 9–12). It was a part of Columbus City Schools (At the time Columbus Public Schools). The last building was located at 75 South Washington Boulevard in Columbus Ohio opened in 1924. Before that Central High School was located Downtown at East Broad and Sixth streets from 1862 until 1924. It closed in June 1982.
 The University of Michigan Matthaei Botanical Gardens (300 acres 121 hectares) includes botanical gardens natural areas with trails and several research-quality habitats. The conservatory is popular year round. The public entrance is at 1800 North Dixboro Road in Ann Arbor Michigan. The grounds are open every day but trails are not maintained in the winter. The Conservatory Garden Store and Lobby are open 7 days a week: Mon. Tues. and Thurs.
 The White Sands National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located about 25 km (16 mi) southwest of Alamogordo in western Otero County and northeastern Doña Ana County in the state of New Mexico at an elevation of 4235 feet (1291 m). The area is in the mountain-ringed Tularosa Basin and comprises the southern part of a 710-km² (275-mi²) field of white sand dunes composed of gypsum crystals. It is the largest gypsum dune field in the world.
 Elizabeth Building is an historic site at 100 North Main Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was built in 1872 (Alfred E. Stone architect) and added to the National Historic Register in 1971.
 Church of St. Gertrude (Lithuanian: Šv. Gertrūdos bažnyčia) is located in the Old Town of Kaunas and is one of the oldest Brick Gothic churches in Lithuania. Located just off Laisvės alėja (Freedom Avenue) the church is somewhat hidden away and can be accessed from Laisves aleja through a gate at a hotel which is located nearby the Court building on Laisves aleja.The exact date when the church was built is unknown but it must have been in the 15th century.
 Pleasant Fields is an historic home in Laytonsville Montgomery County Maryland. It is also known as the Henry Chew Gaither House.Maryland politicians William Lingan Gaither and Henry Chew Gaither both lived here and are buried on the grounds.
 Potter Place Railroad Station is a historic train station on Depot Street in Andover New Hampshire.It was built in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Parque de la Ciudad (English: City Park) is a former amusement park in the Villa Soldati neighborhood of Buenos Aires Argentina.
 Church of the Assumption is a historic church at 1227 7th Ave. North in Nashville Tennessee.It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 The Trident Grand Residence is a 45-floor tower in the Dubai Marina Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Trident Grand Residence was completed in 2010.Contractor:CSHK Dubai ContractingConsultant:RMJMDeveloper:Trident International Holdings
 The June D. Drake House is a historic house located in Silverton in Marion County Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.It was a home of June D. Drake a community leader within Silverton. He was a prime mover in the establishment of Silver Falls State Park.
 Empire Landmark Hotel often still referred to by its original name the Sheraton Landmark is the tallest free standing hotel in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It also houses Cloud 9 one of three of Vancouver's revolving restaurants.
 The Octagon Round Barn Indian Creek Township is an historic structure located near Nevada in rural Story County Iowa United States. It was built in 1880 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The true round measures 50 feet (15.2 m) around. It is constructed of clay tiles and features a conical roof and a cupola. The barn is used to house horses.
 Château de l'Alba is a château in L'Albenc Isère France.Built in the 15th century it was renewed in the 18th century. It became a historic monument in 1978.
 Imam Baqir Mosque is a Shi'a mosque located in Surra District Kuwait. The prayer hall for men holds 6000 worshippers and the women's prayer hall contains about 2000. In 2011 the imam of the mosque was Sheikh Mustafa. Imam Baqir Mosque is one of the largest Shi'a Mosques in Kuwait. For Friday prayer most worshippers come in the afternoon. During the Maghreb Prayer about 2000 Worshippers attend. Construction was started in 2005 and was completed in 2007.
 The Romanian Church of the Holy Trinity (Serbian: Румунска црква Свете Тројице у Делиблату) is a church in Deliblato Serbia. It was built in 1925.
 The Carson City Civic Auditorium at 813 N. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada was designed by architect Lehman A. Ferris and was built during 1938-39. It was funded by a municipal bond and by the Public Works Administration. Also known simply as Municipal Auditorium it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It was deemed significant as a depression era works project and also as a rare example of a monumentally-scaled Romanesque Revival-styled building in Nevada.
 The bridge at New Bridge Landing New Jersey was built in 1888 to replace an earlier wooden one and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 1989.
 The Dalton Holmes Davis Memorial Library is a library that is located on Church Street Bridgton Maine and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently the main and only branch of the Bridgton Public Library. It has two periods of significance one from 1900-1924 and a second from 1925-1949. It is Classic Revival Style and it was added to the register in 1989.Every July 4 the 4 mile Four on the Fourth Road Race is held to raise funds for the library.
 Örtofta Castle (Swedish: Örtofta slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Lee House in Batesville Mississippi was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pilgrim Congregational Church is a historic church building at 540-544 Columbia Road in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts. The brick Romanesque Revival building was built 1890-1893 to a design by Worcester architect Stephen C. Earle. The congregation for which it was built was established in 1862; this was its second purpose-built church.
 Stonebriar Centre is a mid-range shopping mall located at the intersection of SH 289 (Preston Road) and SH 121 (Sam Rayburn Tollway) in Frisco Texas United States. It contains six major department store anchors a 24-screen movie theater and a total of 165 tenants renting over 1630000 square feet (151000 m2) gross leasable area. Until July 31 2013 it had an NHL size ice arena as well.
 John Ross Tower is a condominium skyscraper in the South Waterfront neighborhood in Portland Oregon. It stands at a height of 99.1 m (325 ft) the first building in the district to reach the maximum height allowed for development and Portland's seventh-tallest building. It is also the largest residential building built in Portland since the KOIN Center in 1984. It was designed by the firm of TVA Architects and topped out in 2007.
 The New Haven Jewish Home for the Aged is a nursing home in the Hill neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut.The original Beaux Arts building at 169 Davenport Avenue was built in 1921. A new wing of the building was constructed in 1974. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It originally provided housing for elderly destitute Jews.
 The Charles Whitaker House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985.
 The Lyman House Memorial Museum also known as the Lyman Museum is a Hilo Hawaii-based natural history museum founded in 1931 in the Lyman family mission house originally built in 1838.
 The Sessions House at Usk Wales is a Victorian courthouse by Thomas Henry Wyatt of 1877. The building was opened by Samuel Richard Bosanquet of Dingestow Court then Chairman of the Monmouthshire Quarter Sessions. It is a Grade II* listed building as of 4 January 1974.The court is of mauve sandstone with dressings of Bath stone. It is of five bays with a cornice parapet and balustraded terrace.
 The Century is a 42-story 145.7 m (478 ft) condominium skyscraper in Century City California. Completed in late 2009 the building has 42 floors making it the 22nd tallest building in Los Angeles. The 140 unit building was designed by Robert A. M. Stern.
 The Archive of Serbia (Serbian: Архив Србије / Arhiv Srbije) is the national archive of Serbia located in Belgrade. It houses and protects documents and other archival materials produced by state bodies and organizations of Serbia before 1918 (before Serbia became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia) and documents produced during and after World War II (when Serbia was federal subject within Communist Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro).
 The John Ownby Cabin is a historic cabin in Sevier County Tennessee United States. Located in The Sugarlands it lies within the boundaries of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. It was built in 1860 and is the last surviving structure from the pre-park Forks-of-the-River community. Repairs were carried out on the dilapidated cabin in 1964 which included replacing the front porch and the cabin was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Porsche Design Tower is a skyscraper currently under construction for Sunny Isles Beach Florida designed by Porsche Design Studio. At 650 feet (198 m) with 60 stories it will become the tallest building in Sunny Isles Beach. It is unique for its inclusion of a robotic parking garage having 284 parking spaces for 132 units allowing unit owners to park two or four cars right outside their unit. Each unit is expected to range in cost from $4 million to $32.5 million.
 The Suncor Energy Centre formerly the Petro-Canada Centre is a 1945000 square foot (181000 m²) project composed of two granite and reflective glass-clad office towers of 32 floors and 53 floors situated in the office core of downtown Calgary Alberta. At 215 m (measured to top of the structure) the west tower is the 13th tallest building in Canada and the fourth tallest skyscraper outside of Toronto having been surpassed on July 8 2010 by the neighboring Bow.
 Furnace Brook Parkway is a historic parkway in Quincy Massachusetts. Part of the Metropolitan Park System of Greater Boston it serves as a connector between the Blue Hills Reservation and Quincy Shore Reservation at Quincy Bay.
 Brampton Civic Hospital is an acute care hospital in Brampton Ontario and part of the William Osler Health Centre along with the nearby Etobicoke General Hospital.
 The Carroll Mansion (also known as the Carroll-Caton House or Carroll Mansion Museum) is a historic building and museum located in Baltimore Maryland USA.
 Margaret E. Poague House is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built about 1847 and is a two-story three-bay Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It sits banked into a hillside and has a standing seam metal gable roof and interior end chimneys. The property also includes a contributing early-20th century gate pillar.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Wells-Keith House is the only single-story brick double house in Augusta. Both units have hall-parlor plans. The west unit may have been built first based on chimney placement. The west gable features an end chimney while there is an absence of a chimney on the east gable. Stylistic details include common bond masonry small two-over-two sash and sandstone lintels and sills.Theodore Hamilton former mayor of Augusta conveyed lots 4 and 5 in Square 19 to Lewis B. Wells In 1858.
 Market Post Tower also known as the Gold Building or simply 55 South Market is a 15-story building at the corner of South Market Street and Post Street in downtown San Jose California. Built in 1985 Market Post Tower was designed to provide a mix of office and retail space. When first built the building was controversial due to its gold-colored glass exterior which produced high light and heat reflection.
 The Chester Grosvenor is an hotel in Chester England. The Grade II listed building was built between 1863 and 1866 and is owned by the Duke of Westminster. The long-standing establishment features an on-site restaurant that has been awarded a Michelin star since 1990.
 The Parker House is a historic house at 180 Mystic Valley Parkway in Winchester Massachusetts. This two story wood frame house was probably built in the 1850s by Kenelum Baker a local builder and is an elaborately styled Italianate house. It has wide eaves studded with paired brackets and the porch eave and cupola all have a simple scalloped molding.
 The Grand Hotel Quisisana is the largest and one of the best known hotels on the island of Capri. It is located in the heart of the old town of Capri opposite the Hotel Residenza Capri and the Villa Sanfelice to the south of the Piazza Umberto I. Set in gardens with sprawling buildings [which] are painted a distinctive yellow and accented with vines it is also a notable dining venue in the historic centre of Capri.
 Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 7 is a historic lock and dam complex located at East Franklin Township Pennsylvania and Kittanning in Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1928 and 1930 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and consists of the lock dam esplanade and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet and has a lift of 13.0 feet. The dam measures approximately 20 feet high and 916 feet long.
 The Church of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 414 East 14th Street near First Avenue Manhattan New York City.
 The Waupun Correctional Institution is a maximum security penitentiary in Waupun Wisconsin. The prison is under the command of Warden William Pollard.
 The Crisfield Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Crisfield Somerset County Maryland United States. It is two stories tall with a full basement emulates a Medieval fortification and was built in 1927. Attached to the rear of this two-story main block is a narrower one-story drill hall. The fron features a central section flanked by two three-story tall towers.
 Hancock's Resolution is a historic two-storey gambrel-roofed stone farm house with shed-roofed dormers and interior end chimneys located on a 15-acre (6.1 ha) farm at 2795 Bayside Beach Road in Pasadena Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. In 1785 Stephen Hancock Jr. built the original stone section as the main house for what was then a 410-acre (170 ha) farm. Additions to the house were built in 1855 and in about 1900.
 The 1881 John M. Moyer House was built by Linn County Oregon pioneer John Moyer. The house was donated to the Linn County Historical Society in 1962 under a grant from the Hill Family Foundation. In 1974 the Moyer House was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.A carpenter by trade Moyer began planning the house in 1878 in the Italian villa style. George F. Colbert a friend of Moyer helped with construction.
 Methodist Episcopal Church of Isle La Motte (United Methodist Church of Isle La Motte) is a historic church at 67 Church Street in Isle La Motte Vermont.The NPS database calls this Methodist Episcopal Church of Isle La Motte a/k/a United Methodist Church of Isle La Motte.The brass plaque calls it Old Stone Church.It was built by stonemason James Ritchie in 1843; it also served as Town Hall and a school until 1892.
 The Oregon State Savings Bank Building is an historic building in the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. Its location is within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The historic district was designated and added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
 The Sheik Karim al Makdum Mosque is located in Tubig Indangan Simunul Tawi-Tawi. It is the oldest mosque in the Philippines and a National Cultural Treasure. The mosque was built by an Arab trader Sheik Makhdum Karim in 1380. The original pillars of the old mosque can still be found inside the new building.
 The Rafael Uribe Uribe Palace of Culture is a public building in Medellín Colombia that houses all the cultural programs related to the state of Antioquia such as concerts conferences and art exhibitions. It was originally the official building for the Government of Antioquia known as Calibío Palace. The palace was built during the years 1920-1930 by the Belgian architect Agustín Goovaerts who designed the building in a Gothic Revival style.
 Eide Church (Norwegian: Eide kyrkje) is a parish church in Eide Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Eide. The church is part of the Eide parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1871 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 340 people.
 The Beth Israel School a former school building located in downtown Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cochran-Rice Farm Complex which included the Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets Barn is located in Cottage Grove Oregon. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991. The barn was demolished in 2012 following the expiration of a 20-year easement held by the local historical society.
 Poppleton Fire Station also known as Engine House #38 is a historic fire station located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Tudor Revival style building built of brick one large bay wide approximately nine bays long and two stories high with a gable roof. The front façade is a brick and limestone composition featuring a central Tudor archway flanked by octagonal towers and crowned with crenellation.
 Kauchuk Factory Club (Russian: Клуб завода «Каучук») is a 1927-1929 constructivist public building designed by Konstantin Melnikov located in Khamovniki District of Moscow Russia on the edge of Devichye Pole park and medical campus at 64 Plyshikha Street.
 Freeman Chapel C.M.E. Church is a historic church at 137 S. Virginia Street in Hopkinsville Kentucky.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Sri Siva Vishnu Temple (SSVT) is a Hindu temple located in Lanham Maryland about 12 miles (19 km) from Washington D.C. It is one of the largest temples in the United States. The actual temple construction began in 1988 and the last deity consecration took place in 2002.
 Mobberley Priory was a priory in Cheshire England.
 The Science Factory Children's Museum & Planetarium located in Alton Baker Park in Eugene Oregon United States is a science and technology center for children families and school groups. The 10000-square-foot (930 m2) museum near Autzen Stadium features changing interactive exhibits planetarium shows camp programs special events and other science and technology-related education programs.
 The Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno Nevada United States began in 1862 when Washoe Clinic was founded. In 1864 after Nevada became a state Washoe County Hospital was opened. In 1984 ownership of Washoe Medical Center was transferred to a private not-for-profit corporation named the Washoe Health System and became become Renown Health in 2006.
 The Presidential Office Building (Chinese: 總統府; pinyin: Zǒngtǒng Fǔ) houses the Office of the President of the Republic of China. The building located in the Zhongzheng District in the national capital of Taipei Republic of China was designed by architect Uheiji Nagano during the period of Japanese rule of Taiwan (1895–1945). The structure originally housed the Office of the Governor-General of Taiwan.
 St George's Church is a Church of England church on the Isle of Portland built between 1754 and 1766 to replace St. Andrew's which had fallen into disuse and was no longer suitable as a place of worship.During the 1960s a restoration of the church took place under the stewardship of a group formed to protect the church. It then came under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust which continues to the present.
 Qwanlin Plaza (also known as Qwanlin Mall) is a shopping mall in Whitehorse Yukon Territories Canada located on the north end of downtown Whitehorse.
 King Fahd Mosque (Bosnian: Kralj Fahd Džamija) also known as King Fahd Bin Abdul Aziz Alsaud Mosque in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina.Currently the biggest mosque in Sarajevo in respect to capacity.
 Potter House is an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It was designated a Rock Island Landmark in 1987 listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 and became a part of the Broadway Historic District on the national register in 1998.
 Frank Lawrence House is a historic home located at Basham Montgomery County Virginia. It was built in 1918 and is a two-story frame dwelling with a foursquare floor plan. The roof is covered with its original pressed metal shingles. It features a five-bay wraparound porch with Doric order columns and square balusters. It also has a two-story two level rear porch.
 Harbison-Walker Refractories Company originally known as W.H. Haws Refractories Company is a national historic district and historic refractory brick manufacturing complex located at Mount Union in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It consists of 14 contributing buildings and 27 contributing structures. They were built in two sections; the No. 2 works date to 1899 and the No. 1 works date to 1905.
 The Iowa Soldiers' Orphans' Home or The Annie Wittenmyer Home located in Davenport Iowa USA is a former orphanage for children and is listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and the National Register of Historic Places .
 The Revolutionary War Cemetery also called the Old Salem Burying Ground is located on Archibald Street just off state highway NY 22 in the village of Salem New York United States.
 St Columba's Church Nottingham was a Presbyterian church built in 1898.The English Presbyterian church on Mansfield Road Nottingham was located at the intersection with Villa Road. It was founded in 1896 as a daughter church of St Andrew's Presbyterian Church in Nottingham. The new buildings by Brewill and Baily were started in 1896 and complete by 1900. The church merged with St Andrew's United Reformed Church in 1946 and the buildings were sold.
 Central Prison Kannur is situated in Pallikkunnu in Kannur Kerala state of India. It was the first central jail established in Kerala in the year of 1869 It is authorised to accommodate 1062 prisoners.It is one of the three central prisons other than Thiruvananthapuram and Viyyur situated in Kerala.
 Huerfano County High School at 415 Walsen Ave. in Walsenburg Colorado was built in 1920. It was designed in Late Gothic Revival style by architect Isaac Rapp. It has also been known as Walsenburg Middle School and denoted as 5HF.2183. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Canterbury Provincial Council Buildings were the buildings of the Canterbury Provincial Council that administered the Canterbury Province from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876. The buildings are the only purpose-built provincial government buildings in New Zealand still in existence. The buildings were substantially damaged in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake and partially demolished by the Christchurch City Council.
 Church Green Buildings Historic District is a historic district at 101-113 Summer Street in Boston Massachusetts.It was built on the site of New South Church which had been designed by Charles Bulfinch following the destruction of the church in the Great Boston Fire of 1872. The building was originally used by trade association offices and warehouses for the leather trade.
 The Old City Hall also known as the Red Castle located in downtown Omaha Nebraska was located at the corner of 18th and Farnam Streets. Completed in 1890 the building was demolished 1966 after controversy erupted over landmark preservation in the city. Along with Omaha's Old Post Office the Old City Hall became a rallying call for more deliberate efforts by the community and city leaders.
 Sheraton Skyline Hotel at London Heathrow is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at Bath Road in Hayes Middlesex in close proximity to Heathrow Airport. The hotel is operated by the Sheraton hotel group and has 350 rooms.
 The DAR Museum run by the Daughters of the American Revolution is an art and history museum in Washington D.C. The museum is located in Memorial Continental Hall just down the street from DAR Constitution Hall where some of the museum's concerts take place.The museum is known for its more than 30000 examples of objects made or used in America prior to the Industrial Revolution.
 The Arcadia Round Barn is a landmark and tourist attraction on historic U.S. Route 66 in Arcadia Oklahoma United States. It was built by local farmer William Harrison Odor in 1898 using native bur oak boards soaked while green and forced into the curves needed for the walls and roof rafters. A second level was incorporated for use as a community gathering place.
 The Bahay Tsinoy (literally Chinese-Filipino House) is a museum located in the Intramuros (Old Walled City) section of Manila. Housed within the Kaisa-Angelo King Heritage Center building the museum documents the history lives and contributions of the Chinese in the Philippine life and history.The museum was designed by Eva Penamora in collaboration with the late architect Honrado Fernandez in 1996 and completed and inaugurated in 1999.
 Cobb's Tavern is a historic colonial tavern building at 41 Bay Road in Sharon Massachusetts. It is now a private residence.The tavern was built in 1740 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.
 Alhóndiga Bilbao (Spanish pronunciation: [aˈlondiɣa βilˈβao]) is a multi-purpose venue located in the city of Bilbao Spain. It was designed by French designer Philippe Starck in collaboration with Thibaut Mathieu and was opened to the public in stages between 18 May and 24 October 2010.
 St Alban's Church Macclesfield is in Chester Road Macclesfield Cheshire England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was designed by A. W. N. Pugin and is described as a church of exceptional interest among the works of this major architect.
 The Dickinson House is a historic house in Grove Hill Alabama. The two-story Italianate style house was built in 1845. It was designed by James Newman. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on January 1 1978 and to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1978. The house was listed due to its architectural significance as an early example of Italianate architecture.
 The Charles Flint Public Library is the public library of Middleton Massachusetts. It is located in a Richardsonian Romanesque building at 2 North Main Street in the center of the town. The building the only Romanesque building in Middleton was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.Construction of the building was funded by a posthumous grant from writer agriculturalist and Middleton native Charles L.
 Bow Church is the parish church of St Mary and Holy Trinity Stratford Bow. It is located on an island site in Bow Road (part of the A11) in Bow London Borough of Tower Hamlets. There has been a church on the same site for approximately 700 years. The church was bombed in the Second World War and the bell tower was reconstructed just after the war.
 The Wilderness or High Banks is a historic home at Matthews Talbot County Maryland United States. It overlooks the Choptank River and was constructed in two periods. The smaller 2 1⁄2-story four-bay-long brick structure is attributed to the 1780-90 period and the larger portion is in Flemish bond brick and dates to around 1815. Also on the property are two early outbuildings a smokehouse and dairy.
 The Enid Cemetery and Calvary Catholic Cemetery is a cemetery in Enid Oklahoma that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1996. Opened in the 1890s the two cemeteries were designed in the rural cemetery style. Only a portion of the Enid Cemetery contributes to the historical significance: the Original (1898) First (1918) Second (1920) and Evergreen (1923) additions.
 The Ypsilanti Water Tower is a historic water tower in Ypsilanti Michigan United States.The tower was designed by William R. Coats and constructed as part of an elaborate city waterworks project that began in 1889. Located on the highest point in Ypsilanti the tower was erected in 1890 at a cost of $21435.63. Today the tower is frequently joked about for its phallic shape.
 The Clapp Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 62 Lighthouse Avenue in the historic Lighthouse Park neighborhood on the north end of Anastasia Island in St. Augustine Florida. It was built in 1886 for Rollin N. Clapp of St. Louis Missouri.It is the only classic surviving octagon house in St. Augustine. It has been called: One of St.
 The Will Marion Cook House is where Will Marion Cook lived from 1918 to 1944. Called the master of all masters of our people by Duke Ellington he was a leading black composer and musician. The house located at 221 West 138th Street Manhattan New York City is part of the area known as Strivers' Row.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Forestside Shopping Centre (better known as Forestside) is located in Newtownbreda in the southern suburbs of Belfast Northern Ireland. The first phase of the centre the 39000 square feet (3600 m2) Sainsbury's store opened in March 1997. The popularity of the centre has exceeded expectations with traffic congestion a problem in peak trading seasons. Sainsbury's was obliged to pay for extensive roadworks on the A24/A55 junction.
 Tomlinson Mansion is a historic home located at Williamstown Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1839 and is a two-story L-shaped brick building with a slate-covered gable roof. The front facade features a small pediment-like roof above the front door that is supported by four rectangular columns.
 Buckelew Mansion also known as Lakeview is a historic home in Jamesburg Middlesex County New Jersey United States.
 Fort Hayes a military post in Columbus Ohio United States was created by an act of the United States Congress on July 11 1862. As of 2007 the property is primarily used for the Columbus School District's Fort Hayes Metropolitan Education Center and bus depot. Currently the 391st Military Police Battalion and the 375th Criminal Investigations Division of the U.S. Army Reserve use the facility but the last military presence on the property is expected to be gone by the end of 2009.
 The Commerce Building is a 12-story office building in Saint Paul Minnesota United States. It was built in 1912 serving as headquarters for two commerce associations from 1912 to 1921. It is now a mixed-use commercial office and residential building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 for its association with the business networking organizations that influenced Saint Paul's late-19th/early-20th-century economic and civic growth.
 The Charles Baker Property is a historic house at 119–121 Adams Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1881-83 probably by the American Watch Company which then owned the lot. In 1886 the property was owned by Charles Baker who also owned the house at 107 Adams Street. The house is a well-preserved example of a typical factory worker duplex of the period.
 The Steward's Lodge is the official residence of the Taoiseach (prime minister) of Ireland. The lodge is a four bedroom house which was originally part of the Farmleigh estate alongside the Phoenix Park in Dublin.
 The Cathedral Church of Christ the King or Christ Church Cathedral in Newcastle New South Wales Australia is the Anglican cathedral of the Diocese of Newcastle. The church designed by John Horbury Hunt in the Gothic Revival style is located on a hill at the city's eastern end in the suburb called The Hill.The former Dean of Newcastle was the Very Reverend James Rigney (formerly chaplain of Magdalene College Cambridge).
 Vihara Bahtera Bhakti is a Chinese-Buddhist temple located in the Ancol Jakarta Indonesia. It is dedicated to Da Bo Gong a deity of land and wealth and his wife. It is one of the oldest Buddhist temple in Jakarta.
 East End Methodist Episcopal Church (East Washington Avenue Methodist Church ; Damascus Spiritual Church) is a historic church at 2401 E. Washington Avenue in North Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 The Jorvi Hospital part of the The Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaal (HUS) and Helsinki university central hospital (HUCS). The hospital is located in Karvasmäki Espoo Finland.The 'Jorvi Hospital is one of the 3 Labor Wards in the greater helsinki area.The hospital also has espoo town ward a children's wing with hospital school and 3 children's wards.The hospital has 24/7 emergency room for both adults and children's.The hospital is located next to Glims Farmstead Museum.
 Del's is a brand of frozen lemonade typically found in Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts during the summer months. Del's has locations in 12 states and the Virgin Islands. Frozen lemonade is a kind of slush. It is made from crushed ice lemons and sugar. In Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts Del's is synonymous with frozen lemonade.
 Huffman Prairie also known as Huffman Prairie Flying Field or Huffman Field is part of Ohio's Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park. The 84-acre (34-hectare) patch of rough pasture near Fairborn northeast of Dayton is the place where the Wright brothers (Wilbur and Orville) undertook the difficult and sometimes dangerous task of creating a dependable fully controllable airplane and training themselves to be pilots.
 William M. Connell School is a historic school located at 650 Plymouth Avenue in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling on the same plan as the Davol School.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 129 West Mound Street in Circleville Ohio. The first Episcopal service in Circleville was held on May 26 1817 by the Rev. Philander Chase who in 1819 became the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio. The stone church building was built in 1866 in a mixed Gothic and Tudor Revival style and was consecrated in 1868.
 Elm Place formerly First National Bank Tower is a 52-story 191 m (627 ft) skyscraper in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas Texas adjacent to the Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) Akard Station. It is the tenth tallest building in the city. In January 2010 the building was closed due to low occupancy rates.
 Château de Brieudet is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Denver Athletic Club founded in 1884 is a traditional gentlemen's club and athletic club in Downtown Denver Colorado USA. The club built its Romanesque Revival clubhouse in 1889 which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
 George W. Denton House is a historic home located at Flower Hill in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1873 and is a rectangular 2-story wood frame building with a two stage rear service ell in a vernacular Italian Villa style. It features a 2 1⁄2-story engaged tower semi-octagonal bay windows and an L shaped wraparound verandah. Also on the property is a brick ice house built into the side of a hill.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 United Congregational Church of Irondequoit also known as Irondequoit United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The complex consists of three interconnected buildings: the Colonial Revival style church (1926) Woman's Christian Temperance Union hall (1910) and church school.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter was a LORAN-C transmitter at Iwo Jima Japan of Grid 9970 at 24°48′8″N 141°19′32″E. The Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter had a transmission power of 4000 kilowatts which is more than the most powerful broadcasting stations. The Iwo Jima LORAN-C transmitter had a 411.5 metre (1350 ft) tall guyed mast which was built in 1963. It collapsed in 1965 at repair trial of a defective eyebolt in a backstage insulator.
 California State Prison Sacramento (SAC) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Folsom in Sacramento County California. The facility is also referenced as Sacramento State Prison CSP-Sacramento CSP-SAC and occasionally New Folsom or New Folsom Prison which was its official name prior to October 1992.Because the facility is adjacent to Folsom State Prison (FSP) both SAC and FSP share the mailing address: Represa CA 95671.
 Gori TV Broadcasting Tower (Georgian: გორის ტელეანძა) is a free-standing tower structure used for communications purposes. The tower is located in Gori Georgia and was built in 1972. It is operated by Telecenter of Georgia that was established 1955. Communication systems on the tower include regular broadcast MMDS pager and cellular and commercial TV. The tower is 180 m.
 St Beuno's Church Trefdraeth is the medieval parish church of Trefdraeth a hamlet in Anglesey north Wales. Although one 19th-century historian recorded that the first church on this location was reportedly established in about 616 no part of any 7th-century structure survives; the oldest parts of the present building date are from the 13th century.
 Westfield Tuggerah is a shopping centre located at Tuggerah on the Central Coast of New South Wales approximately 5 km south of the Wyong CBD. The complex was constructed in 1995. The centre completed a large upgrade in 2005 and is now host to 245 stores plus an 8 cinema Event Cinemas complex including a V-Max Theatre. It is currently the second largest shopping centre on the Central Coast after Erina Fair.
 Oakland Cemetery is the oldest cemetery as well as one of the largest green spaces in Atlanta Georgia U.S. Founded as Atlanta Cemetery in 1850 on six acres (2.4 hectares) of land southeast of the city it was renamed in 1872 to reflect the large number of oak and magnolia trees growing in the area. By that time the city had grown and the cemetery had enlarged correspondingly to the current 48 acres (190000 m2).
 The Sunset Park Trail Shelter was built in 1931 at Golden Lakes in the Sunset Park portion of Mount Rainier National Park. The rustic log structure provides shelter for hikers on the Wonderland Trail that encircles Mount Rainier. The Sunset Park shelter is built in a saltbox shape with a porch spanning the width of the front. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Senn's Grist Mill-Blacksmith Shop-Orange Crush Bottling Plant is a complex of historic commercial buildings located at Summerton Clarendon County South Carolina. The complex consists of three interconnected early-20th century buildings of similar size and construction. The grist mill was built about 1905 is an outstanding example of the small independent grist mills that were commonplace in rural communities across the South.
 Risdon Prison Complex formerly H.M. Prison Risdon an Australian medium to maximum security prison for males is located in Risdon Vale Tasmania. The facility is operated by the Tasmanian Prison Service an agency of the Department of Justice of the Government of Tasmania.
 The Collection de l'art brut (literally Collection of Outsider Art; sometimes referred to as Musée de l'art brut) is a museum dedicated to outsider art and located in Lausanne Switzerland.
 Durham-Shores House is a historic home located near Dupont Station Kent County Delaware. It is an L-shaped dwelling constructed in two parts. Its original plan was as a house and garden style dwelling a 1 1/2-half-story two-bay dwelling containing a single finished room on the ground floor and a second room above. The original section was built about 1860.
 The Daet Cathedral also known as the Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity is a prominent Latin Rite Roman Catholic cathedral located in Daet Camarines Norte erected in 1984 when the Diocese of Daet was created by a Papal Bull of May 27 1974. As of 2013 the rector is the Most Reverend Gilbert Armea Garcera.
 City Pier A is a municipal pier in the Hudson River at Battery Park near the southern end of Manhattan in New York City. It has also been named Liberty Gateway. It is the last surviving historic pier in the city.The Pier was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and was designated a New York City landmark in 1977.
 Grace Church is a historic parish church in Manhattan New York City which is part of the Episcopal Diocese of New York. The church is located at 800-804 Broadway at the corner of East 10th Street where Broadway bends to the south-southeast bringing it in alignment with the avenues in Manhattan's grid.
 Longford Hall is a 16th-century country house at Longford in Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed buildingThe Manor was built in the 16th century for the de Longford family. On the demise of the last of the de Longfords about 1620 the manor passed to Sarah Reddish who married Clement Coke younger son of Sir Edward Coke Lord Chief Justice of Holkham Hall Norfolk.
 Muğdat Mosque (Turkish: Muğdat Camisi) is a large mosque in Mersin Turkey. It is named after Miktat bin Esved one of the early Muslims.
 The Trump International Hotel and Tower also known as Trump Tower Chicago and Trump Tower is a skyscraper condo-hotel in downtown Chicago Illinois. The building named after billionaire real estate developer Donald Trump was designed by architect Adrian Smith of Skidmore Owings and Merrill. Bovis Lend Lease built the 96-story structure which reached a height of 1389 feet (423 m) including its spire its roof topping out at 1170 feet (360 m).
 The Jewish Museum of Maryland is located in Baltimore Maryland USA. The museum tells the story of the American Jewish experience in the city of Baltimore and throughout the US state of Maryland.
 Belmont Club/John Young House is a historic house at 34 Franklin Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The house was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is one of the few surviving homes built close to the city's business district soon after the devastating 1843 fire. It was purchased by the Belmont Club in 1934. The club reopened under new ownership in December 2012.
 The Matagorda Island Light is located on Matagorda Island in Calhoun County in the U.S. state of Texas. Once under the jurisdiction of the United States Coast Guard the lighthouse is now managed by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.
 The Charles Wood House is a historic house at 30 Chestnut Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It is one of the most elaborate Italianate houses in Stoneham. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1875 for Charles Wood occupation unknown. Its basic plan is an L shape but there is a projecting section on the center of the main facade that includes a flat-roof third story turret and the roof line has numerous gables facing different directions.
 The Polk County Courthouse is located in Balsam Lake Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Gore Place is a historic country house located at 52 Gore Street Waltham Massachusetts. It is owned and operated by the nonprofit Gore Place Society. The 45-acre (180000 m2) estate is open to the public daily without charge; an admission fee is charged for house tours.
 The Bailey House was built in 1889 and was designed by William A. Lang. The Bailey House built for a Mr. G.W. Bailey is the largest of William Lang's surviving residential residences. William A. Lang (1846–1897) was a Denver architect who was active from 1885 to 1893.The Bailey House is Queen Anne style with a corner tower and a pinwheel plan. The house also has many Richardsonian Romanesque elements especially in the materials and details.
 Ernest Thralls House is a historic home located at Wayne Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1939-1940 and is a 2 1/2-story concrete block dwelling in the Spanish Revival-style. It measures 64 feet wide and 51 feet deep and has terraces on the front and rear. Also on the property are a contributing tenant house (c. 1940) three sheds a horse barn open sheep shed pig shed and chicken coop.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Santa Maria Town Center (sometimes simply referred as Town Center) is a shopping center located in Santa Maria California United States. It is located on the junction of Routes 135 (Broadway) and 166 (Main Street) as well as intersection of Cook Street and Miller Street. Santa Maria Town Center is known to be the largest enclosed shopping center on the Central Coast of California with about 600000 square feet (55740 square meters).
 Villers-sur-Semois Castle is a castle in Villers-sur-Semois in the municipality of Étalle in the province of Luxembourg Belgium.
 Millennium Place is a luxury residential building located in Boston Massachusetts. This new development completes the final chapter of Boston’s Avery Street corridor development which includes the Ritz Carlton Hotel and two Tower residences Sports Club/LA and the AMC Loews Boston Common movie theater. The building designed by Handel Architects of New York City will contain 256 units and will be completed in the fall of 2013.
 Forest Grove School No. 5 is an historic building located near Bettendorf Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 The Warneford Hospital is a hospital in east Oxford England. The Warneford and the Littlemore Hospital are the major mental health hospitals serving Oxford.The hospital opened as the Oxford Lunatic Asylum in July 1826 and subsequently (but no longer) was named the Radcliffe Lunatic Asylum and then the Warneford Lunatic Asylum. It was designed by Richard Ingleman (1777–1838) and built of Headington stone.
 Leominster nunnery was an Anglo-Saxon nunnery at Leominster Herefordshire England. Founded in the ninth century the nunnery is known to have been active in the eleventh century. The exact location of the nunnery is not known but it may have been the site later occupied by Leominster Priory a twelfth-century foundation.
 Milošev Konak (Serbian: Кућа Милоша Обреновића) is the residence of Serbian duke Miloš Obrenović which is located in Gornja Crnuća in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac Serbia and is one of the Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance for Serbia added in 2000. Gornje Crnuće can be considered first but the temporary capital of Serbia since the prince Miloš Obrenović ruled Serbia for two years from that house.
 Centre National du Costume de Scene (CNCS) (English: The National Center of Costume and Scenography (CNCS)) is a French museum dedicated to stage costumes and sets.It was inaugurated on July 1 2006 in Moulins Allier by Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres the Minister of Culture Pierre-André Périssol the mayor of Moulins and Christian Lacroix dressmaker and board chairman. The current director is Delphine Pinasa whose portrait is exhibited at the museum.
 Upper Fairmount Historic District is a national historic district at Upper Fairmount Somerset County Maryland United States. The district encompasses this quiet rural village situated along Fairmount Road (Maryland Route 361). The village is landlocked rural in character and surrounded by farms fields wooded land and a few modern houses.
 New Wardour Castle is an English country house at Wardour near Tisbury in Wiltshire built for the Arundell family. The house is of a Palladian style designed by the architect James Paine with additions by Giacomo Quarenghi who was a principal architect of the Imperial Russian capital city Saint Petersburg. The building of the house was begun in 1769 and completed in 1776 with additional buildings being added in the 1970s and 1980s.
 The Crawford Auto-Aviation Collection is a museum in the University Circle neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. Part of the Western Reserve Historical Society it was founded by industrialist Frederick C. Crawford of TRW and opened in 1965.
 Nevada State Prison (NSP) was a penitentiary located in Carson City. The prison was in continuous operation since its establishment in 1862 and was managed by the Nevada Department of Corrections. It was one of the oldest prisons still operating in the United States- The high security facility housed 219 inmates in September 2011.
 Mechanic Street Cemetery is a historic colonial cemetery on Mechanic Street in Westfield Massachusetts. The 4-acre (1.6 ha) cemetery is the city's oldest with the oldest documented grave dating to 1683. It was used as a burying ground until the late 19th century although its use began to decline in the middle of the century with the advent of the popular rural cemetery movement which was reflected in Westfield with the establishment of the new Pine Hill Cemetery in 1842.
 Waters' River also known as the Robertson Farm is a historic home located at Manokin Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a large plantation house constructed between 1800 and 1820 on the Big Annemessex River. It is a two story Flemish bond brick house with a steeply pitched gable roof.
 Second Tompkins County Courthouse also known as Old Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It is a two story 57 feet by 75 feet rectangular building with a three story tower. The building is built of red brick covered with stucco over a stone foundation. The tower contains a belfry with a pointed arch opening on each of the four sides.
 St Cwyllog's Church Llangwyllog is a medieval church near Llangwyllog in Anglesey north Wales. St Cwyllog founded a church here in the 6th century although the exact date is unknown. The existence of a church here was recorded in 1254 and parts of the present building may date from around 1200. Other parts are from the 15th century with an unusual annexe (possibly intended for use as a schoolroom) added in the 16th century.
 The William Black House near La Jolla California is a historic site that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its location is not released by the National Register as it includes an archaeological site with potential to yield information in the future. It is however a seaside property. It was subject of controversy in 2010 between Kumeyaay Native American people and the University of California over its possible demolition and over possible repatriation of burials.
 Hôpital Albert Schweitzer Haiti (HAS) is a hospital in Deschapelles Haiti.
 Burgruine Flaschberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Shiphay Manor is a Manor house in Torquay Devon England.
 Orson Ames House is a historic home located at Mexico in Oswego County New York USA. It was built about 1830 and is a single story frame structure with a heavy timber post and beam frame and plank walls. The main block is 36 feet wide and 24 feet deep. A major alteration occurred about 1930 and the kitchen was rebuilt in 1960. In 1851 Orson Ames sheltered at the home the famous fugitive slave William Jerry Henry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Brandon Road Lock and Dam Historic District is a 92.9-acre (37.6 ha) historic district in Joliet Illinois that includes Illinois Waterway structures dating from 1933. Also known as Lock & Dam 3 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The listing included one contributing building and four contributing structures.
 The Bakelite Museum is in Williton Somerset England.The Museum is housed in the Orchard Millhouse which has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building which used to be a watermill and still has a disused water wheel.It is home to the personal collection of Patrick Cook and includes vintage plastics including radios cameras and telephones to a Bakelite coffin.In September 2010 a fire safety inspection found various problems which needed to be rectified if the museum was to remain open to the public and satisfy the Regulatory Reform (Fire safety) Order 2005.The museum remains open to the public while a resolution is sought.
 The Mamakating Park Historic District is located on the ridge north of Masten Lake on the highest ground in the Town of Mamakating New York United States. It is a Catskill vacation community originally intended to be the much larger Sullivan County Club built in the 1890s.It includes several dozen Late Victorian cottages most of which are as they were originally built arranged around the site of a former hotel building and some other buildings from the mid-20th century.
 The Protestant church of Boazum or Saint Martin’s church is a medieval religious building in Boazum Friesland Netherlands. It is a late 12th century Romanesque church with inner walls of brick and outer walls of tuffstone with a 13th-century tower built out of yellow and red brick. The choir is likely the oldest part of the building.The church was originally a Roman Catholic temple dedicated to Saint Martin becoming a Protestant church after the Protestant Reformation.
 Ampara Hospital is a government hospital in Ampara Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the central government in Colombo. As of 2010 it had 476 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Ampara General Hospital or Ampara District General Hospital.
 West Durham Methodist Church (Methodist Episcopal Church) is an historic Methodist church in West Durham Maine.The church building was constructed in 1804 extensively renovated in 1867 and added to the National Historic Register in 2003. It was originally the center of a large parish stretching from Litchfield to Freeport.
 Old Washington County Library is a historic library building located at 21 Summit Avenue in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a two story Neo-Georgian stone masonry structure of monumental proportions built 1900-01. The building appears to be one huge story from the façade. The building was designed by the noted late 19th-century American architect Bruce Price (1845-1903) and erected for the Washington County Free Library.
 Toll House is a historic toll house at 2028 Mountain Road in Burke Vermont.It was built in 1940 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Horizon Apartments also short The Horizon is a residential high rise building in Darlinghurst a suburb in the inner-city of Sydney NSW Australia. It is located on at 184 Forbes Street between Liverpool and William Streets. The controversial highrise was completed in 1998. Controversy stems from the height of the building and the shadowing effects on surrounding buildings.
 The Blue Fox Theatre is a historic cinema located at 116 W. Main St. in Grangeville Idaho. The Mission Revival theater was built in 1929 and opened on May 2 1930. The theater took its name from J.H. Dickson's entry into a naming contest; Dickson received $10 and three movie tickets as a reward. In addition to showing films the theater also hosted live productions during its initial years of operation. The theater's neon-lit marquee was added in 1940.
 The Union League of Philadelphia founded in 1862 as a Patriotic Society to support the policies of Abraham Lincoln is today a private members-only club. Founded by Philadelphia society it remains a bastion of the elite; among its 3300 members are leaders in business academia law medicine politics religion and the arts. Members gather to socialize dine network attend events exercise and relax in the 1856 Second Empire-style building.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church in Waterboro Maine.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Walter House in Melbourne Kentucky was built in 1869. The I-house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Church of the Transfiguration is an Anglican church in the village of Pyecombe in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex England. The mostly 12th- and 13th-century building in an isolated setting facing the South Downs has been designated a Grade I Listed building. It is the parish church of Pyecombe.
 This article is about an office building in Memphis Tennessee. For information about the castle-like structure in Winterset Iowa see Clark TowerClark Tower is a 34-story high-rise office building in eastern Memphis Tennessee. It was completed in 1972. The building is owned and managed by In-Rel Management.
 The Central City Opera House located in the National Historic Landmark District in Central City Colorado USA was constructed in 1878 by Welsh and Cornish miners.In 1877 the citizens of Central City organized a fundraising drive for a grand new opera house befitting the gold mining town's reputation as the richest square mile on earth. Many of the town's residents were Welsh and Cornish miners who brought with them a rich tradition of music from their homeland.
 Old East Paint Creek Lutheran Church is located north of Waterville Iowa United States. The church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Hard Lodging is a historic home located at Union Bridge Carroll County Maryland United States. It is built on a small cliff overlooking the site where its first owner Solomon Shepherd had a mill that is no longer standing. The house was built in three stages: the middle section a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure was probably built first; the main section of the house is attached to the west and is a Federal-style three-by-two-bay 2 1⁄2-story house with an interior gable-end chimney.
 William Virts House also known as the Uriah Beans House is a historic home located near Waterford Loudoun County Virginia. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay Federal-style stone dwelling that took this form about 1813. It has a side gable roof and sits on a banked basement built about 1798. Also on the property are the contributing 1 1/2-story vernacular stone spring house built about 1813 and frame shed built about 1840.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Hagios Ioannes Greek Church (Yuannes Church) which is known as the Dündar House in the region has been transferred to private property after Greeks abandoned the region. Three-floored western part of the church which was constructed in 19th Century is currently being used as a residence. The main entrance is through a stone door. There are Byzantine decorations and stone ornaments on its walls.
 Sterrett-Hassinger House also known as David Sterrett House was a historic home located at Upper Mifflin Township in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1789-1791 and modified between about 1830-1835 and 1850. The house was demolished after a fire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and delisted in 2000.
 The Pan American Life Building located at 601 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 28-story 322 feet (98 m)-tall high-rise building. Designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill it was built in 1980 as the headquarters for the Pan-American Life Insurance Co. In December 2006 Pan American sold the building to Equastone a California real estate company.
 Old Town Savings Bank also known as Cala Brothers is a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story loft structure designed by architect Frank E. Davis (1839-1921) and constructed in 1871. Both the street façades are cast iron four bays wide on Gay Street and eight bays wide on Exeter Street. It is a Full Cast Iron Front building.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Covington Kentucky is located at the northeast corner of Fifth Street and Madison Avenue. It was constructed in 1856 by the Independent Order of Odd Fellows Lodge and was the center of Covington's civic and political life for most of the Victorian era. When the American Civil War ended victorious Union Gen. Ulysses S. Grant was honored with a reception there. In 1900 the body of William Goebel the only U.S.
 The Jennings Carnegie Public Library in Jennings Louisiana was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It is operated by the City of Jennings.
 The Confederate Monument in Cynthiana is located on the outer edge of Cynthiana Kentucky in Battle Grove Cemetery. It was the first monument to the Confederate States of America dedicated in the State of Kentucky and long believed to be the first Confederate memorial anywhere.
 Community Theatre in Pine Bluff Arkansas is a Moderne building built in 1951. Also known as Breckinridge Building it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The Community theatre opened in the 1920s...the location was previously a grocers shop.[citation needed]
 Southbridge Town Hall is an historic town hall at 41 Elm Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The imposing Romanesque Revival building was built in 1888 to serve as both the town hall and the public high school. It is the only major Romanesque building to survive in Southbridge.
 St. Lawrence's Church Thorpe is a parish church in the Church of England in Thorpe Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 Redman Farm House is a historic house at 2173 Washington Street in Canton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980 where it is incorrectly listed as being at the corner of Washington St. and Homans Lane.
 The Lothrop Mansion also known as the Alvin Mason Lothrop House is an historic home located at 2001 Connecticut Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the Kalorama neighborhood. It serves as offices for the Russian Trade Representative.
 The Newman Cemetery is an historic cemetery in East Providence Rhode Island.One of the oldest in the state the cemetery was established in 1643. The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The National Hotel is on the corner of High and Market Streets Fremantle. Originally built as a shop in 1868 it was occupied by the National Bank in the early 1880s. When the bank relocated in 1886 the building became the National Hotel.
 Presbyterian Manse is a historic building on Edisto Island South Carolina.It was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Butler County Courthouse is a government building of Butler County located in the county seat Butler Pennsylvania.The current structure is the third courthouse to have been built for the county. The original courthouse built in 1807 was a small structure made of stone. James P. Bailey who was responsible for the construction of Old Main at Geneva College became the architect of the new courthouse after the second one was destroyed by a fire in 1883.
 Gethsemane Episcopal Church is an historic church in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is one of the oldest extant churches in Minneapolis and is significant for its Gothic Revival architecture.Architect Edward Stebbins modeled the church on small Gothic style churches in rural England. It is proportioned rather broadly as opposed having tall proportions which is rather unusual for churches designed in the late 19th century.
 Buckfast Abbey forms part of an active Benedictine monastery at Buckfast near Buckfastleigh Devon England. Buckfast has been home to an abbey since 1018. The first Benedictine abbey was followed by a Savignac (later Cistercian) abbey constructed on the site of the current abbey in 1134. The monastery was surrendered for dissolution in 1539 with the monastic buildings stripped and left as ruins before being finally demolished.
 Wallace Circus and American Circus Corporation Winter Quarters also known as Peru Circus Farm or Valley Farms is located in Peru Indiana. It was associated with the Wallace Circus. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.The site is now the home of the International Circus Hall of Fame which honors important figures in circus history. The museum exhibits posters wagons and models including a miniature replica of the 1934 Hagenbeck Wallace Circus.
 The Calgary Tower is a 191-metre (626 feet) free standing observation tower in Downtown Calgary Alberta Canada. Originally called the Husky Tower it was conceived as a joint venture between Marathon Realty Company Limited and Husky Oil as part of an urban renewal plan and to celebrate Canada's centennial of 1967. The tower was built at a cost of $3500000 and weighs approximately 10900 tonnes of which 60% is below ground.
 100 Front Street (formerly Mechanics Tower) is a high-rise building located in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. It is the third tallest building in Worcester (behind Sky Mark Tower and Worcester Plaza both 288 feet (88 m) high) rising 226 feet (69 m). It was completed in 1971 as a part of the Worcester Center urban renewal project and has 280000 square feet (26000 m2) of interior space.
 Chilton Medical Center is a non-profit community hospital in Pompton Plains New Jersey. Located at 97 West Parkway it is the only hospital serving the Pequannock Township area.
 St. Conal's Hospital (Irish: Ospidéal Naomh Conaill) is a psychiatric hospital located in Letterkenny County Donegal Ireland. Situated adjacent to Letterkenny Town Park near Letterkenny General Hospital it is the only psychiatric hospital located in County Donegal and is considered to be one of the finest buildings in the country.Part of the hospital previously housed the Business Department of Letterkenny Institute of Technology.
 Boiling Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Boiling Springs Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The district includes 127 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure associated with its role as an early iron manufacturing center and surrounding residential areas of Boiling Springs. Most of the contributing buildings date to the mid-19th century starting in 1845 with a few dated to the early period of development.
 Karagöz Bey Mosque (Bosnian: Karađoz-begova džamija Turkish: Karagöz Mehmed Bey Camii) is a mosque in the city of Mostar Bosnia and Herzegovina.With its big dome and high minaret it is the largest in the region.
 The Chamberlin House is a historic house at 44 Pleasant Street in Concord New Hampshire. The 2.5 story wood frame Queen Anne Victorian was built in 1886 by Horace Chamberlin superintendent of the local division of the Boston and Maine Railroad. Although the house was probably built from mail-order plans (a popular way to acquire building plans at the time) it exhibits a wealth of Queen Anne and Shingle Style decoration both inside and out.
 South Tyneside NHS Foundation Trust which was formed in 1993 runs South Tyneside District Hospital providing healthcare services for South Shields Jarrow Hebburn Boldon Cleadon and Whitburn.
 St. Peter's Basilica (Latin: Basilica Sancti Petri; Italian: Basilica di San Pietro in Vaticano) is a Late Renaissance church located within Vatican City.Designed principally by Donato Bramante Michelangelo Carlo Maderno and Gian Lorenzo Bernini St. Peter's is the most renowned work of Renaissance architecture and remains one of the largest churches in the world. While it is neither the mother church of the Catholic Church nor the Catholic Roman Rite cathedral of the Diocese of Rome St.
 Brookenby Church is located in Brookenby Lincolnshire England. A member of the Church of England it forms part of the Walesby group of churches which also includes churches in Claxby Kirmond le Mire Normanby le Wold North Willingham Stainton le Vale Tealby and Walesby. This group of Churches is within the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Château de Saint-Geniès is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Johnsontown Tobacco Barn No. 2 is a historic tobacco barn in Charles County Maryland near La Plata. The barn was built c. 1820 and provides evidence of early use of fire in the tobacco curing process. The framing of the barn is hand-hewn timbers secured by wooden pegs with pit-sawn secondary framing members.
 Alverson-Copeland House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1853 and is a 2-story three-bay-wide and three-bay-deep brick residence with late Greek Revival– and early-Italianate–style design and decoration features. A 1 1⁄2-story brick wing extends from the rear.
 Deady and Villard Halls University of Oregon are two buildings designated as U.S. National Historic Landmarks.The buildings Deady Hall and Villard Hall are the two oldest buildings on the campus of the University of Oregon and were separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. They are located on Kincaid Street between East 11th and 12th streets.Together they were declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.
 Helen Chapel is a historic chapel at the northwest corner of E. Wood and Champion Streets in Youngstown Ohio. It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Cornish House in Little Rock Arkansas is a historic house designed by Theodore Sanders in 1917.It is included in a boundary increase to the Governor's Mansion Historic District also NRHP-listed.
 The Cox–Williams House is a historic house located in St. Helens Oregon United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1982. It is also listed as a contributing resource in the National Register-listed St. Helens Downtown Historic District.
 Beam's Shell Service Station and Office located at 117 N. Mountain St. in Cherryville North Carolina was built in 1930. It includes Mission/spanish Revival architecture. It has also been known as C. Grier Beam Truck Museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The listing included one contributing building one contributing structure and two contributing objects.
 The Hunter Museum of American Art is an art museum in Chattanooga Tennessee. The museum's collections include works representing the Hudson River School 19th century genre painting American Impressionism the Ashcan School early modernism regionalism and post World War II modern and contemporary art.The museum is situated on an 80-foot (24 m) bluff overlooking the Tennessee River and downtown Chattanooga.
 Mall Aventura Plaza Arequipa is a shopping mall under construction in Arequipa Peru. It is being built in the former Hipodromo de Porongoche. It is expected to open in 2010. The anchor stores that this mall will have are Ripley Saga Falabella Totus Sodimac and Max.
 Thomas Ludlam Jr. House is located in Dennis Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 26 2004.
 The Alamo Ranchhouse near Steamboat Nevada is a historic plantation style mansion that was built in 1887. Also known as the Moffat Ranchhouse it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included one contributing building and one contributing structure.It is significant as the home of John Sparks governor of Nevada during 1903-08 and later as the home of cattle baron William H. Moffat.
 Menara ExxonMobil is a skyscraper located in the Kuala Lumpur City Centre of Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The building currently is the headquarters of Exxon Mobil Malaysia.The 126 m (413 ft) 30-storey tower is a rectangular shaped building with a virtually column free interior. For aesthetics the north and south elevations are set-back at level 5 while the north elevation facing the public park is further set-back at levels 22 and 26.
 The Hilton Izmir is a hotel tower located in İzmir Turkey. The tower is 142 metres (466 ft.) tall. It has 35 floors with a restaurant at the top. It was the tallest building in Turkey when it was built in 1986 and is the tallest building on the Aegean Sea. It stands on the corner of Gazi Osmanpaşa Boulevard and 1835 street.
 Locktown Baptist Church is a historic church in Stockton Hunterdon County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1819 and added to the National Register in 1974.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 175 East Main Street in Smithtown Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1825 and the sanctuary is a rectangular two story frame structure measuring 56 feet (17 m) by 34 feet (10 m). It is sheathed in wood shingles and covered by a gable roof. It features an engaged square tower surmounted by a tiered balustraded belfry.
 The Alberta Flying Heritage Museum is an aviation museum currently being developed at the Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport in Villeneuve Alberta Canada.
 The Thomas M. O'Connor House on S. Bridge in Victoria Texas was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The listing included two contributing buildings.
 The Great Road Historic District is a historic district in Lincoln Rhode Island commemorating a portion of Rhode Island's oldest highway dating back to 1683. It sits on the east side of the Mosshasuck River.
 Highbury Square is an apartment complex in Highbury London. It was originally Arsenal Stadium: the home stadium of Arsenal F.C. until 2006 when they moved out and into the newly built Emirates Stadium nearby.
 All Saints' Church Ockbrook is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ockbrook Derbyshire.
 Odd Fellows' Home for Orphans Indigent and Aged also known as I.O.O.F. Home for the Aged in Springfield Ohio was built in 1898. Its architecture is Renaissance and Chateauesque. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Long Branch Saloon was the most well-known saloon in Dodge City Kansas from about 1874 to 1885. It had numerous owners most notably Chalk Beeson and gunfighter Luke Short. The establishment provided live entertainment notably Chalk's five-person orchestra and gambling.
 The Molla Hassan Kāshi Mausoleum (Persian: آرامگاه ملاحسن كاشي‎) is a free-standing isolated edifice located 2.5 km to the south of Soltaniyeh Iran. This 16th-century mausoleum was built during Shah Tahmasp I to honor Molla Hassan Kāshi a 14th-century mystic whose recasting of Islam's historical sagas as Persian poetic epics unwittingly had a vast influence over Shia Islam's future direction.
 Principia College Historic District at Principia College near the village of Elsah Illinois is a site significant for being the final phase of Bernard Maybeck's career as a designer of houses and public buildings. Maybeck designed thirteen buildings that were constructed at this site between 1931 and 1946.
 The Artus Court formerly also Junkerhof (Polish: Dwór Artusa German: Artushof) is a building in the centre of Gdańsk Poland (German: Danzig) at Długi Targ 44 which used to be the meeting place of merchants and a centre of social life. Today it is a point of interest of numerous visitors and a branch of the Gdańsk History Museum.
 Junction City Prison was located at the intersection of S Adcock Road and Pen Road NW near Junction City Ohio.
 The Cayman Islands National Museum is a museum in the Cayman Islands. It is housed in the former Old Courts Building on Harbor Drive in George Town Grand Cayman.
 The William Lowndes Yancey Law Office is located at the corner of Washington and Perry Streets in Montgomery Alabama. It served as the law offices for one of the South's leading advocates of secession from the United States William Lowndes Yancey from 1846 until his death in 1863. He joined with John A. Elmore to form a legal firm after his resignation from Congress on 1 September 1846.
 The F.B. Henderson House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home in Elmhurst Illinois.
 The Frogmore Plantation Complex located on Saint Helena Island in Beaufort County South Carolina is significant for several reasons. First the plantation home along with its contributing properties (i.e. pump house barn windmill/water tower) offers an excellent example of the area’s architectural development from 1790-1920. Second the plantation’s long association with prominent families also contributes to its significance.
 The Daniel Building is a 20 story 238 foot (86 m) office building located in downtown Birmingham Alabama. Built in 1970 the building originally served as a regional office for the engineering and construction company Daniel International. It also served as the corporate headquarters for Daniel International's real estate division Daniel Realty which today is known as Daniel Corporation. In 1993 Compass Bancshares bought the building from Daniel Corporation.
 The David S. Baker Estate also known as Cedar Spring Farm consists of a pair of related properties at 51 and 67 Prospect Street in the Wickford village of North Kingstown Rhode Island. Both houses were built by David Sherman Baker a prominent local lawyer and contender for statewide offices. The older of the two houses 51 Prospect Avenue is a 1 1⁄2 story mansard-roofed that is modest in size by decorated in fairly elaborated Italianate and Second Empire styling.
 Nandan is a government-sponsored film and cultural centre in Kolkata India. The primary aim of the cultural hub is to encourage and facilitate cinematic awareness in society. It includes a few comparatively large screens housed in an impressively architectured building.The foundation stone of Nandan was laid by former Chief Minister of West Bengal Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and was officially inaugurated on 2 September 1985 by film-maker Satyajit Ray.
 Arthur Walrath House is a historic home located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It is a stone house built about 1811.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Eastgate Shopping Centre is an shopping center based in Bedfordview in the near of the Bedford Gardens in the state Gauteng.
 South Otselic Historic District is a national historic district located at South Otselic in Chenango County New York. The district includes 60 contributing buildings. It encompasses the hamlet's historic core and includes commercial residential ecclesistical and industrial buildings. Among the notable buildings are the Methodist Church (ca. 1867) Gladding Corporation factory and office (1895) J. Brown Grist Mill (ca.
 Comcentre is a 32-storey 140 m (460 ft) skyscraper in the Central Region of Singapore. It was completed in 1980 and is tied with One Raffles Quay South Tower and Pan Pacific Singapore as the 49th-tallest building in the city-state. The headquarters of SingTel is located in the building. A complex of antennae and satellite dishes were added after construction.
 The Ravine Bluffs Development was commissioned in 1915 by Frank Lloyd Wright's attorney Sherman Booth Jr. It is located in Glencoe Illinois. Six houses three poured concrete sculptures and one bridge were built. Five of the houses were for rent when built. All 5 rental houses share the same basic floor plan as A Fireproof House for $5000.Client's home: Sherman M. Booth HouseRentals: Charles R. Perry House Hollis R. Root House William F. Kier House Lute F.
 St. Mary's Church is the parish church of Aldridge a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall England. It is operated by the Church of England.Records show that it was built before 1257. Other than the 14th-century tower all the exterior walls were added or rebuilt between the years 1841–1853. A south vestry was added in 1975. Between 1991–1995 the pews and choir stalls were removed.The church has two medieval effigies of Sir Robert de Stapleton (active c.
 The Portsville Lighthouse is a historic house in Portsville Sussex County Delaware. The house is a folly not a functional lighthouse and is the oldest folly in Delaware. The house was built in 1932 by New York Supreme Court justice Edward R. Koch who built the lighthouse on an existing home store and shirt factory. Standing six stories tall the lighthouse tower is one of the tallest buildings in inland Sussex County.
 Fort Ashby is a historic stockade fort located in Fort Ashby West Virginia USA. A military installation constructed during the French and Indian War it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.In 1755 Colonel George Washington gave orders to build a stockade and fort on the East Side of Pattersons Creek. On Christmas Day 1755 Captain Charles Lewis of Fredericksburg took command of the fort and a garrison of twenty-one men.
 The Everett-Bradner House also known as the Bradner-Young House is located at 156 South Street in the village of Goshen New York. It has been a Registered Historic Place since 2004.
 The Shuanglin Temple (Chinese: 双林寺; pinyin: Shuānglín Sì) is a large Buddhist temple in the Shanxi Province of China. It is situated in the countryside of Qiaotou village about 6–7 kilometres (3.7–4.3 mi) southwest of the ancient city of Pingyao. It is among the many cultural monuments located in the Pingyao which is a UNESCO World Heritage site inscribed in 1997.
 The Donald W. Wyatt Detention Facility is a publically owned privately operated prison in Rhode Island opened in 1993 and operated by the non-profit Central Falls Detention Facility Corporation. It is the corporation's only facility.
 Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana known locally as Pepe's is a popular pizza restaurant in the Wooster Square neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut at 163 Wooster Street. Opened in 1925 it is one of the oldest and best known pizzerias in the United States.
 Nocton Hall is a historic Grade II listed building in the village of Nocton in Lincolnshire England. The plaque on the north face of the Hall (see below) indicates that the original building dates back to about 1530 but since then there have been two notable reconstructions.
 The George Wyatt House is a historic house at 33 Beacon Street in Somerville Massachusetts near Inman Square. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1860 for George Wyatt owner of one of Somerville's successful 19th century brickyards which was located just north of this property.
 St. John the Evangelist Roman Catholic Church and School Building is a historic Roman Catholic church and school building at 419 N. Main Street in Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1929 and is a three-story red brick and cut stone building. It has a three bay front and measures 63 feet 6 inches wide and 124 feet 2 inches deep. The school closed in 1971 and parish in 1994.
 The Lafayette Parish Correctional Center (LPCC) is the parish jail for Lafayette Parish located in downtown Lafayette in the US state of Louisiana. It is run by the Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Office led by Sheriff Mike Neustrom. The jail serves the cities of Lafayette Scott Carencro and Broussard the town of Duson and the unincorporated areas of Lafayette Parish.The LPCC is operated under the Corrections Division of the LPSO.
 Halfway House also known as the Tyree Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Ansted Fayette County West Virginia. It is a two story log and frame building with a gable roof measuring 50 feet long and 20 feet deep. The original log section was built prior to 1810. It was expanded to its present configuration about 1827. It served as a stage coach stop on the James River and Kanawha Turnpike. Notable guests included Daniel Webster Henry Clay and John Breckenridge.
 Hopkinton Dam and Spillway is a historic site at the eastern end of Hopkinton Reservoir in Hopkinton State Park in Ashland Massachusetts. The western end of the reservoir lies in the town of Hopkinton.It was constructed in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Le Port-Royal (also known as Port-Royal Apartments) is an apartment building on Sherbrooke Street in the Golden Square Mile district of Montreal Quebec Canada. It is 33 stories and 122 metres (400 ft) tall. Completed in 1964 it used to be the highest residential building in Canada east of Toronto until the completion of Altitude Montreal in 2013. It was built in the modernist style with a concrete and glass facade.
 not to be confused with Dyrham Park GloucestershireDyrham Park Country Club is a Grade II-listed country house estate and golf club in Hertfordshire England several miles northeast of Borehamwood and to the north of Barnet. It is a white Palladian mansion set in two hundred acres with an 18-hole golf course adjacent to East Barnet Golf Club. The estate was originally settled as a manor in Elizabethan times and the current Palladian mansion was built in the 19th century.
 Al Aali Shopping Complex is one of the biggest malls in Bahrain covering a space 52000 square meters.
 The Dixie Schoolhouse is a historic one-room schoolhouse located in San Rafael Marin County Northern California. It was built in 1864 in the Victorian Italianate style.
 Peninsula Temple Sholom (PTS) is a Reform Jewish Congregation in Burlingame California. It was founded in 1955 and since then has constantly grown its congregation and has expanded its facilities to include a social hall a Religious School and a Preschool. For five decades it’s services have been led by Rabbi Gerald Raiskin who had changed the legacy and history of the temple until his passing in 2006.
 Ashleigh is a Greek Revival style house located in Fauquier County near Delaplane Virginia. The one-story house was built in 1840 for Margaret Marshal the granddaughter of John Marshall on a portion of the family's Oak Hill estate (not to be confused with the nearby Oak Hill owned by James Madison).The house was designed by Margaret Marshall and built by a man named Sutton. Margaret married John Thomas Smith her cousin in 1845 and they lived at Ashleigh until 1860.
 The Imperial Stock Ranch Headquarters Complex is a historic district near Shaniko in Wasco County Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Ramsar Palace is one of the historic buildings and royal residences in Iran. The palace is in Ramsar a city on the coast of the Caspian Sea.
 Addington Gardner House is a historic house at 128 Hollis Street in Sherborn Massachusetts.It was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Gillon Block is an historic commercial building at 189 Main Street in Milford Massachusetts. THe three story brick building was built in 1888 by Patrick Gillon the owner of a bottle manufacturing company. The building features elaborate brickwork on its facade and a tower with a coppered onion dome. The building houses stores on the first floor and offices on the upper floors.The block was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sturdivant Hall also known as the Watts-Parkman-Gillman Home is a historic Greek Revival mansion and house museum in Selma Alabama United States. Completed in 1856 it was designed by Thomas Helm Lee for Colonel Edward T. Watts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1973 due to its architectural significance.
 The MAXXI Italian: Museo nazionale delle arti del XXI secolo or National Museum of the 21st Century Arts is a national museum of contemporary art and architecture in the Flaminio quartiere of Rome Italy. The museum is managed by a foundation created by the Ministero dei beni e delle attività culturali the Italian ministry of cultural heritage. It was designed as a multidisciplinary space by Zaha Hadid and committed to experimentation and innovation in the arts and architecture.
 Lock-Keeper's House is a historic home located near Cedar Point Goochland County Virginia. It was built about 1836 and is a two-story frame structure resting on a stone foundation of whitewashed rough-faced uncoursed ashlar. It has a shallow gable roof and a shed roof porch that extends the length of the building. It was built to serve Lock Number 7 at Cedar Point and is the last remaining lock-keeper's house of the James River and Kanawha Canal system.
 The Bremen Main Post Office Building (German: Ehemaliges Hauptpostamt) or (German: Kaiserliche Oberpostdirektion) is a Neo-Renaissance building in Bremen Germany that used to be the Imperial Post Office for the Bremen area. The building stands on the city square named Domsheide.
 The Levi Hexter House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located within the King's Hill Historic District. The house was built in 1892 by Levi Hexter (1836–1897) who was a prominent Jewish businessman and founded a dry goods store (the May & Co. – still operating in Portland) along with Levi May.
 Rippleton Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. It was built in 1814 and remodelled in 1884. It consists of two gabled units and built of a heavy timber mortise and tenon framework. It was moved to its present site on the grounds of the Lorenzo State Historic Site in 1997.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.The Friends of Lorenzo have restored the schoolhouse to an 1880s appearance.
 The James Weldon Johnson Residence located at 187 West 135th Street Harlem Manhattan New York City New York is where James Weldon Johnson lived from 1925 until his death in 1938. In addition to being a composer song writer and author he was an outspoken advocate for civil rights working in various roles at the NAACP including General Secretary.The building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 Union Tavern was the workshop of Thomas Day an early 19th-century free African-American cabinetmaker who achieved recognition for the superior quality of his craftsmanship.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 Peterhead Community Hospital is located in Peterhead a coastal town approximately 32 miles north of Aberdeen Scotland. The services provided include a small midwife led maternity unit.
 Martin-Little House is a historic home located in Charlestown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It consists of five sections built between about 1735 and 1960. The oldest section was built about 1735 and is a 1 1/2-story stuccoed stone saltbox form dwelling. A 2 1/2-story five bay stone main section was added as a wing in 1810.
 Kreischer House is a historic home located at Charleston Staten Island New York. It was built originally about 1885 and is a large asymmetrically massed 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame house in the Late Victorian style. The rectangular house features spacious verandahs gables with jigsaw bargeboards decorative railings posts and brackets tall chimneys and a corner tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies is a 285-bed hospital located in Orlando Florida United States and is a part of Orlando Health.
 Former United States Army Air Force aircraft serial number 41-20124 is a World War II era fully restored Douglas DC-3 owned by a private party and based at Marathon Key FL. Civil Registered as N763A the aircraft has also been operated by the United States Navy with the designation R4D-3 and serial number 05078. The aircraft has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 1 1996.
 The Charles Byam House is a historic house at 337 Crescent Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1886 by Charles Byam a foreman at the Waltham Watch Company and is a well-preserved but modest example of Queen Anne styling. It has a three-part facade with a projecting central section topped by a gable with a window in the point.
 Common School No. 10 is a historic one-room school building located in Accord in Ulster County New York. It is a 1-story two-by-three-bay frame building on a fieldstone foundation built about 1870. It is topped by a gable roof with an open belfry. It operated as a school until 1955.
 Trinity House National Lighthouse Museum was a museum in Penzance Cornwall UK which housed the national collection of Trinity House. In February 2005 Trinity House announced the museum's closure and relocation of the collection. The site of the former museum now forms part of Cornwall Council's plans to re-develop the Penzance harbour area.
 Asian Heart Institute (AHI) is an Indian cardiac care hospital established in 2002 located in the western suburb of Bandra at the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) in Mumbai Maharashtra India.
 Westland Mansion was the Princeton Mercer County New Jersey home of the twenty-second and twenty-fourth President of the United States Grover Cleveland. The house was built by Robert F. Stockton in the mid-19th century.
 Pinner House is a Grade II* listed mansion in Pinner Middlesex. Its facade was built in 1721 but the rest of the building was constructed at some point earlier that century. It was extended during the 20th century and has been used as an old people's home since the 1930s.
 The Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University (Chinese: 新疆医科大学第二附属医院) is a teaching hospital in Urumqi Xinjiang China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University.
 The William Barret House located at 15 South 5th Street Richmond Virginia is a mid-19th-century house and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1972 (building listing #72001517)
 The Josiah Bronson House was built in 1738. It is a historic house and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was standing along the route taken by Rochambeau's army in 1781.
 The Lenox Round Barn is an historical structure that is part of the Taylor County Historical Museum in Bedford Iowa. It was built in 1905 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1999. The building measures 70 by 50 feet (21 m × 15 m). It features white vertical siding a large cupola and a two-pitch roof.
 Engineering Hall is an administrative building at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. It is located in the south end of the Bardeen Quadrangle on Green Street in Urbana Illinois facing the Illini Union. Engineering Hall serves all disciplines within the UIUC College of Engineering and is well known for representing the school's colors with its orange bricks and blue roof.
 The Lukens Pierce House also known as the Fallowfield Octagonal House. is an historic octagon house located northwest of Ercildoun on Wilmington Road in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The building was constructed of stuccoed fieldstone and has a cupola. There are four large rectangular rooms and four smaller triangular rooms on each floor.On March 14 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Southern New England Telephone Company Administration Building also known as The Eli is a skyscraper in New Haven Connecticut. The former headquarters of the Southern New England Telephone Company (SNET) the Art Deco building was completed in 1938 and was the tallest building in the city until 1966 (it is currently the tenth-tallest building in New Haven's skyline).
 The M. Pico Building built in 1915 on the site of a wooden lodge hall that had burned down is an historic 2-story redbrick building located on the corner of Monroe and Main streets N.W. across the street from the Lafayette County Courthouse in Mayo Florida. In 1989 it was listed in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture prepared by the Florida Association of the American Institute of Architects and published by the University of Florida Press.The M.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Jesus formerly called the Sacred Heart Church is the first Roman Catholic basilica in Georgia. The Church was designated as a basilica on February 22 2010.
 Broken Hill Correctional Centre an Australian minimum and medium security prison for males and females is located in Broken Hill New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 The Ethnographic Museum of Tripoli is a museum located in Tripoli Libya.
 The Rupriikki Media Museum is a history museum devoted to mass communication. It is located in the Finlayson Centre in Tampere Finland. The museum features exhibitions about journalism and the history of the internet. Their collections include cellular phones radios telephones computers and press materials.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Miami (FCI Miami) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Florida. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 The Neue Galerie New York (German for: New Gallery) is a museum of early twentieth-century German and Austrian art and design located at 86th Street and Fifth Avenue in New York City United States. Established in 2001 it is one of the most recent additions to New York City's famed Museum Mile which runs from 83rd to 105th streets on Fifth Avenue in the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
 The Maple Leaf Farm Potato House is a historic agricultural storage building located on the property of Western Fields at Hebron Wicomico County Maryland. It was originally located on the north side of U.S. Route 50 southeast of the intersection with White Lowe Road and moved to its present site in July 1997.
 The U.S. Post Office-Milford Main also known as Milford Main Post Office is a building in Milford Connecticut that was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.
 Cottage Row Historic District is a national historic district located in Saranac Lake (Harrietstown) in Franklin County New York. It includes 27 contributing privately owned single-family dwellings built between 1900 and 1940 with the majority constructed between 1907 and 1917. They are mostly two or three story wood framed structures with gable or gambrel roofs dormers and wood siding or shingles.
 111 W. Wacker (formally Waterview Tower) is a skyscraper under construction in downtown Chicago Illinois United States. The original plan called for it to be 1047 ft (319 m) tall.In May 2008 construction ceased after the parking garage portion and most of the hotel floors were completed.
 The John Philip Sousa House also known as Wild Bank was the home of John Philip Sousa bandleader and composer during 1915-1932. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.It is located at 14 Hicks Lane overlooking Manhasset Bay in Sands Point New York.
 Diepenbeek Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Diepenbeek also known as the Rentmeesterij van Alden Biesen) is a castle in Diepenbeek near Hasselt in the province of Limburg Belgium. The building consists of a 15th-century donjon with a 17th-century main block. It was once the establishment of the steward (Dutch: Rentmeester) of the nearby Commandery of Alden Biesen whence the alternative name.
 The Eagles Building built in 1916 is an historic Fraternal Order of Eagles meeting hall-office building located at 320 South Main Street in Dayton Ohio. It is also known as the City Mission.On November 4 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places
 The Château de La Coste is a ruined castle in the commune of Grézels in the Lot département of France.The castle exhibits military architecture of the 14th and 15th centuries. It was restored at the end of the 16th century after it was ruined in 1580 during its capture by Protestant troops. Originally a simple watch tower the square plan castle is flanked by two massive square towers in the west and two round towers in the east.
 The Epic is a 615 ft (187 m) tall skyscraper in New York City. It was constructed from 2005 to 2007 and has 58 floors. It is the 74th tallest building in New York and has 460 rooms.
 Restaurant De Oude Geleerde Man is a former restaurant located in Bennebroek in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1974-1975 and 1980-1990. The restaurant closed down shortly after 1991.In 1970 Arie Siliakus took took over the place and made it blossom. In 1990 he left for the restaurant De Hoop op d’Swarte Walvis.
 Pembroke Lakes Mall is an indoor shopping center in Pembroke Pines Florida.The mall is located at the corner of State Road 820 (Pines Boulevard) and State Road 823 (Flamingo Road). It has one floor and four anchors including: J. C. Penney Macy's (2 locations) Dillard's (2 locations) and Sears.The mall opened in October 1992. Many of the anchors including JC Penney and Burdines (now Macy's) had moved in from the Hollywood Fashion Center.
 Bouverie Place is a shopping centre located in Folkestone Kent England.It was opened in November 2007 with new stores previously not represented in Folkestone including Asda and their clothing store George along with Next British Home Stores(BHS) and HMV. Primark is now in the former BHS store.[citation needed]
 The Ettamogah Pub is a cartoon pub that was featured in the now defunct Australasian Post magazine. The cartoonist Ken Maynard loving empty spaces and having nothing around him enjoyed an area just outside of Albury at Table Top named Ettamogah thus christening the name of his now famous pub the Ettamogah Pub . The first Ettamogah Pub of a chain of such pubs was built there and copies now exist in various parts of Australia including Sydney the Sunshine Coast and Cunderdin.
 The Amasa Farrier House is a historic house at 55 Central Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1865 this two story wood frame house is a well preserved Italianate villa with pilastered corner boards and a nearly flat roof with a deep overhanging cornice studded with paired brackets.
 Church of the Holy First Martyr Stephen (Serbian: Црква светог Првомученика Стефана) better known as the Lazarica Church (Црква Лазарица) is a Serbian Orthodox church in Kruševac Serbia. It was built in 1375-1378 as an endowment of prince Lazar of Serbia. Lazarica as an outstanding achievement of the Serbian medieval architecture was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1979 and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia.
 The Echo Church and School on Temple Ln. in Echo Utah is a church and school building that includes work from 1876 in Late Gothic Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1989.It was deemed significant as the center of local education and religious activities in the small town of Echo during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. It was used mostly as a Presbyterian and Congregational church but also as a school.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 419 W. Washington St. Petersburg Virginia. It was designed by architect and church pastor Theodorick Pryor and was built in 1861-1862 in the Gothic Revival style. It has stucco covered brick walls and a tower that protrudes from the central bay of its three-bay entry facade.
 Samuil's Fortress is a fortress in the old town of Ohrid Republic of Macedonia. It was the capital of the First Bulgarian Empire during the rule of Samuil in the middle-ages. Today this historical monument is a major tourist attraction and was renovated in 2003.According to recent excavations by Macedonian archaeologists it was alleged that this fortress was built on the place of an earlier fortification dated to 4th century B.C. which was probably built by king Phillip II of Macedon.
 The Crawfordsville Bridge spans the Calapooia River adjacent to Oregon Route 228 near the community of Crawfordsville in Linn County Oregon United States.The 105-foot Howe truss type bridge was built in 1932. The bridge was bypassed in 1963 and is now maintained by the Linn County Parks & Recreation Department as a pedestrian bridge across the river. Since 1990 the bridge has been the site of a Bridge Day festival held annually in the summer.
 The Church of St. Chrysogonus (Croatian: Crkva sv. Krševana) is a Roman Catholic church located in Zadar Dalmatia named after Saint Chrysogonus the patron saint of the city.The Romanesque church was consecrated by Lampridius Archbishop of Zadar in 1175. Built at the site of a Roman emporium it replaced the Church of Saint Anthony the Hermit and is the only remaining part of a large medieval Benedictine abbey.
 The David G. Fales House is an historic house at 476 High Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The house was built in 1858 in a Second Empire style by Clifton A. Hall. The building was placed on the National Historic Register in 1979.
 The Mid-America All-Indian Center is an American museum dedicated to the history and culture of Native Americans specifically focusing on the Plains Indians of the U.S. and Canada. The museum which is located along the Arkansas River in the Riverside neighborhood of Wichita Kansas is considered the only facility solely dedicated to Native American culture in the U.S. state of Kansas.
 The Golconda Historic District is a designated historic district in the Pope County Illinois city of Golconda along the banks of the Ohio River. The district is listed on the National Register of Historic Places one of only two sites in Pope County to be on the Register. The other site is Millstone Bluff a prehistoric Mississippian settlement in the Shawnee National Forest.
 Lawrence Frick State Hospital was a state mental health hospital near Cresson Pennsylvania that had several different names and uses before becoming defunct and converted into a prison in the 1980s.
 Palmer Memorial Hall is a historic hall at 1029 Central Street in Palmer Massachusetts. The Romanesque building was constructed in 1890 as a memorial to the town's Civil War dead; it was also used as a meeting space by the local Grand Army of the Republic veterans society. The ground floor served as the town's public library until 1977. It has since served as Palmer's Senior Center. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Ridgely's Delight is a historic residential neighborhood in Baltimore Maryland United States. Its borders are formed by Russell and Greene Streets to the east West Pratt Street to the north and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard from the western to southern tips. It is adjacent to the University of Maryland Baltimore Oriole Park at Camden Yards and M&T Bank Stadium.
 The Bear Hotel is a hotel in Woodstock Oxfordshire located opposite The Oxfordshire Museum not far from Blenheim Palace. It is one of England's original 13th century coaching inns and has stone walls oak beams open fireplaces and an ivy facade. The hotel has 53 bedrooms and its restaurant has 2 A.A. Rosettes and 2 RAC Dining Awards. It is run by MacDonald Hotels and Resorts.
 Black and White Farm Barn is a historic barn located near Sonyea in Livingston County New York. It is a large two story wood frame building built in 1884 on a 600-acre (2.4 km2) farm. The barn is rectangular in plan and measures 160 feet (49 m) in length and 200 feet (61 m) in depth. It features a central courtyard which measures approximately 80 feet (24 m) in length and 120 feet (37 m) in depth.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Dorchester Park is a historic park bounded by Dorchester Avenue Richmond Adams and Richview Streets in Dorchester Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The park was first constructed in 1734 and was later redesigned by Olmsted Olmsted & Eliot. It was added to the National Historic Register in 2008.
 Tripoli Tower (Arabic:برج طرابلس) (Formerly Al Fateh Tower برج الفاتح) is a tower and skyscraper in Tripoli in Libya. It is located in city center of Tripoli near central business district. The building was opened in 2003.
 Mulford Building is a historic light manufacturing loft building located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1912–1913 and is a nine-story steel frame building clad in brick in the Classical Revival style. It measures 400 by 100 feet (122 by 30 m). A four-story addition was built in 1934. It originally housed clothing manufacturers until purchased by the H.K. Mulford Company pharmaceutical manufacturers in 1918.
 The Wallace-Jagdfeld Octagon House built in 1860 is an historic octagonal house located at 171 Forest Avenue in Fond du Lac Wisconsin. The two-story home features clapboard siding a front porch and a central chimney.On April 26 2002 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places becoming the second octagon house in Fond du Lac on the National Register.
 The Church of Our Lady of the Scapular-St. Stephen is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 149 East 28th Street between Third and Lexington Avenues in the Rose Hill neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was established in the 1980s when the parish of the Church of Our Lady of the Scapular of Mount Carmel was merged into the parish of the Church of St. Stephen the Martyr.
 Spandau Synagogue was a synagogue at 12 Lindenufer in Spandau Berlin. It was also known as Spandauer Vereinssynagoge (i.e. Spandau private synagogue).The synagogue was built in 1894–1895 and was destroyed on 9 November 1938 (Kristallnacht) when it was set on fire. The ruins were removed probably in 1942.
 The Lander County Courthouse at 122 Main St. in Austin Nevada is a historic courthouse that was built of brick in 1871 with Greek Revival influence in its style. It was designed by Daniel P. Bell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It served as courthouse from 1871 to 1979 when the court moved to a courthouse in Battle Mountain and the building has since been used as county offices.
 Bay View is a neighborhood in Milwaukee Wisconsin United States on the shores of Lake Michigan south of the downtown area and north of the City of St. Francis. Bay View existed as an independent village for seven years from 1879-1886.
 Coral Ridge Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just south of Interstate 80 in Coralville Iowa. The mall's primary trade area includes Iowa City Cedar Rapids and other parts of eastern Iowa. It is managed by General Growth Properties.The mall has a total floor area of 1187097 square feet (110285 m2) with a gross leasable area of 979415 square feet (90991 m2).
 Saint Abraham's Church (Persian: کلیسای حضرت ابراهیم is a Dominican catholic church in Tehran Iran.
 The Pierre Menard House located in Ellis Grove Illinois U.S.A. was the home of Pierre Menard a trader who became the first lieutenant governor of Illinois from 1818 to 1822. Menard was born near Montreal Canada on October 7 1766. The third of ten children Menard sought to make his fortune by trading furs in what was then Illinois Country. Having become a successful businessman by the age of thirty Menard went on to become a successful U.S.
 The Great Synagogue of Rome (Italian: Tempio Maggiore di Roma) is the largest synagogue in Rome and one of the greatest in Europe.
 Terminal Commerce Building also known as the North American Building is a historic building complex located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built between 1929 and 1931 by the Reading Company and is a combined office showroom parking garage warehouse and freight station totaling over 1.3 million square feet. It measures 528 feet by 225 feet.
 Nottoway Plantation also known as Nottoway Plantation House is located in White Castle Louisiana. This home was completed in 1859 for the John Hampden Randolph family. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Nottoway Plantation is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Dryburgh Abbey Hotel is a baronial country house hotel located on the banks of the River Tweed about 5 km south east of Melrose in the Scottish Borders. The modern house was first constructed in 1845 and it was converted into a hotel in 1932. It is next to the ruins of Dryburgh Abbey.
 The Association of Children's Museums is a Washington D.C.–based organization that represents more than 300 children's museums in 23 countries throughout the world. The association began in 1962 as the American Association of Youth Museums and grew out of the desire for children's museums to meet as a separate group during the American Alliance of Museums' annual meeting. They remained an informal group but their growth paralleled the growth of children's museums throughout the world.
 Everhope Plantation known throughout most of its history as the Captain Nathan Carpenter House and more recently as Twin Oaks Plantation is a historic plantation house near Eutaw Alabama. Completed in 1853 for Nathan Mullin Carpenter it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage due to its architectural and historical significance.
 The Galleria nazionale di Parma is an art gallery in Parma northern Italy.Painters exhibited include Beato Angelico Canaletto Correggio Sebastiano del Piombo Guercino Leonardo da Vinci Parmigianino Tintoretto and others.
 Dome Tower is part of a high-rise skyscraper complex in Calgary Alberta Canada. It is located at 333 7th Avenue SW between the C-Train LRT route and historic Stephen Avenue in downtown Calgary. The base of the structure shared with its twin the Home Oil Tower consists of TD Square part of The Core Shopping Centre and the Devonian Gardens urban park.The tower has a height of 141 m (463 ft) and holds 30 floors.
 The Shah Jahan Mosque (also known as Woking Mosque) in Oriental Road Woking England is the first purpose-built mosque in the United Kingdom. Built in 1889 it is located thirty miles south-west of London.
 The Swedish Museum of Natural History (Swedish: Naturhistoriska riksmuseet literally the National Museum of Natural History) in Stockholm is one of two major museums of natural history in Sweden the other one being located in Gothenburg.The museum was founded in 1819 by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences but goes back to the collections acquired mostly through donations by the Academy since its foundation in 1739. These collections had first been made available to the public in 1786.
 Techniquest is a Welsh science and discovery centre. It has locations in Cardiff Bay Glyndŵr University (formerly known as NEWI) in Wrexham Llanberis in Gwynedd and the Adventure Centre in Narberth Pembrokeshire.Techniquest was first established in Cardiff in 1986. Techniquest gives visitors a hands-on approach to science and includes a science theatre a planetarium and a discovery centre.
 Gallupville Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church on 980 NY 443 in Gallupville Schoharie County New York. It is a rectangular gable roofed timber framed structure with narrow clapboard siding in the vernacular Greek Revival style. It was built in 1853 and a two bay gable roofed Sunday School parish wing was added about 1964.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Old Post Office is a Beaux Arts-style building in downtown Iowa City Iowa United States. Built of Indiana Limestone in 1904 the post office was expanded in 1931. It remained the city's central post office until 1975 when a new facility was built. After two years of vacancy it was bought by the Iowa City/Johnson County Senior Center; it was selected over other sites due to its central location.
 North Harbor Tower is a 556ft (169m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1988 and has 55 floors. Fujikawa Johnson & Associates designed the building which is the 53rd tallest in Chicago. Each window in the building has a triangular projection to take advantage of skyline park lake and river views.
 The Henry Miller House near Bellevue Idaho is a historic house built from silver mining wealth that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Lead and silver mining within quartz deposits in the area was initiated in 1879 and on September 22 1880 claim was filed for what became the Minnie Moore lead and silver mine near Broadford to the west of Bellevue. Henry E.
 The Windermere Town Hall (also known as the Old Windermere Women's Club) is a historic site in Windermere Florida United States. It is located at 520 Main Street. On June 3 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Basiliek is a restaurant in Harderwijk in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2007–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of Basiliek is Rik Jansma.Basiliek was founded in 2006 after Rik Jansma and Andrea van Zoomeren bought the closed down Michelin starred restaurant Olivio. Jansma had worked as sous chef in Olivio prior to the closure.
 Mulanthuruthy Marthoman Jacobite Syrian Cathedral is located at Mulanthuruthy in Ernakulam district of Kerala.This church is among the ancient and famous churches of the Malankara Church and a pilgrimage center of Syrian Christians. It is the home parish of Saint Gheevarghese Mar Gregorios of Parumala who was a Syrian Orthodox religious leader and later canonized by both the Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church and Indian Orthodox Church.This church is believed to be built between AD 1100 and 1125.
 The University of Memphis School of Law building (also commonly known as the Customs House Post Office or Courthouse reflecting its prior uses) is a 5-story former federal building located in downtown Memphis. As of 2010 the building is owned entirely by the University of Memphis and houses its law school. It is located at the corner of Front Street and Madison Avenue.
 Zilker Metropolitan Park is a recreational area in the heart of south Austin (near Barton Springs Pool and Lady Bird Lake) that comprises over 350 acres (142 ha) of publicly owned land. It is named after its benefactor Andrew Jackson Zilker who donated the land to the city in 1917. It was developed into the park during the Great Depression in the 1930s.
 Pupin Physics Laboratories also known as Pupin Hall is home to the physics and astronomy departments of the Columbia University in New York City and a National Historic Landmark. It was built in 1925-1927 to provide more space for the Physics Department which had originally been housed in Fayerweather Hall and named for Serbian physicist Mihajlo Idvorski Pupin who graduated with honors in 1883 at Columbia College after his death in 1935.
 The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse is a historic toll house located at Walkersville Frederick County Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick structure over a stone foundation with a small interior end chimney at each gable end. It was used as a tollhouse by the Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company.The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Stamford House (Chinese: 史丹福大厦; pinyin: Shǐdānfú dàshà) is a historic building located at the corner of the junction of Stamford Road and Hill Street in the Downtown Core of Singapore. Originally known as Oranje Building (sometimes spelled Oranjie) it currently houses a shopping mall.
 The Sourdough Lodge (originally known as Hart's Road House) was built in Alaska between 1903 and 1905 of logs. It was one of a number of roadhouses built along the Valdez Trail (now known as the Richardson Highway). The roadhouses were about 15 miles (24 km) apart and offered shelter for travellers and road construction crew. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on June 2 1978 as it was the oldest continuously-operating roadhouse in Alaska.
 The Martin Hotel at 94 W. Railroad St. in Winnemucca Nevada was built in 1913. It is a historic hotel building known also as Lafayette Hotel Annex and as Roman Tavern which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is significant historically for its association with commerce in Winnemucca and for its association with Basque sheepherders.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church on College Street in Paintsville Kentucky.
 Wellington Harbour Board Wharf Office Building (also known as Shed 7) is a historic building on Jervois Quay in Wellington New Zealand.The building is classified as a Category I (places of 'special or outstanding historical or cultural heritage significance or value') historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. The building currently houses the New Zealand Academy of Fine Arts.
 The Hartwell House is a historic house at 121 Willow Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in 1918 for George Hartwell an engineer. The most prominent feature of this Craftsman/Bungalow style house is its stonework: the front porch is supported by tapering piers of fieldstone and the full length of its chimney is similarly composed.
 Santa Maria della Pace is a church in Rome central Italy not far from Piazza Navona.
 The Loveland Block and the Coors Building are adjacent historic storefront buildings in downtown Golden Colorado. The Loveland Block named for pioneer William A.H. Loveland once served as the territorial capitol building of Colorado. Both buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a single entity.
 St John the Baptist Church is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia and was built in 1863–64.
 Christ Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 64 State Street in Montpelier Vermont in the United States. It was founded in 1840. Among its founders was Dr. Julius Yemans Dewey local physician founder of Vermont's National Life Insurance Company and father of Spanish-American War hero Admiral George Dewey.
 The Campbell House Museum opened on February 6 1943 and is in the greater St. Louis area. The museum was documented as part of the Historic American Buildings Survey between 1936 and 1941 designated a City of St. Louis Landmark in 1946 listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and became a National Trust for Historic Preservation Save America's Treasures project in 2000. The museum is owned and operated by the Campbell House Foundation Inc.
 The President's Mansion is a historic Greek Revival style mansion on the campus of the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa Alabama. It has served as the official residence of university presidents ever since its completion in 1841. The structure narrowly avoided destruction during the American Civil War making it one of the oldest surviving buildings on campus today.
 St Moluag's church (Scottish Gaelic: Teampall Mholuaidh) is a 13th Century temple in the village of Eoropie in Ness in the Isle of Lewis in Scotland.The church has a basic T shaped structure with two small chapels on either side of the main body of the church. The southern chapel can only be accessed from outside.
 Browns Restaurants is a British chain of restaurants mostly located in the south of England.Browns was the first hospitality venture established by millionaire Jeremy Mogford who in 1973 invested £10000 (of which £2500 was borrowed from his father) in the first Browns Restaurant and Bar in Brighton East Sussex. He established a chain of seven restaurants mostly in university towns such as Bristol Cambridge and Oxford with an annual turnover of £15 million.
 The Sculptured House also known as the Sleeper House is a distinctive elliptical curved house built on Genesee Mountain in 1963 by architect Charles Deaton. It is featured prominently in the 1973 Woody Allen sci-fi comedy Sleeper.
 The Hotel Monaco Washington is a 183-room high end boutique hotel at the corner of 7th and F Streets Northwest in the Penn Quarter neighborhood of Washington D.C.. Hotel Monaco is one of 10 Kimpton hotel properties in the Washington Metropolitan Area and is located across the street from the National Portrait Gallery and the Verizon Center. The hotel opened in the summer of 2002 and was named one of the 80 best new hotels in the world in 2003 by Condé Nast Traveler.
 Carl Sandburg Home National Historic Site located at 1928 Little River Road near Hendersonville in the village of Flat Rock North Carolina preserves Connemara Farms the home of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet and writer Carl Sandburg. Though a Midwesterner Sandburg and his family moved to this home in 1945 for the peace and solitude required for his writing and the more than 30 acres (120000 m2) of pastureland required for his wife Lilian to raise her champion dairy goats.
 Waterfront Place is an office building in the Brisbane central business district. It is located at 1 Eagle Street beside the Brisbane River. It was constructed by renowned Queensland builder and developer F. A. Pidgeon and Son who led the projects development in a joint venture with Folkestone Limited. Construction was completed in 1989. The building stands 162 metres (531 ft) tall.The Waterfront Place foyer is regularly used for art exhibitions.
 Shaw Junior High School now known as Asbury Dwellings is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites and on the National Register of Historic Places since 2008.
 Athenwood located at Montpelier in the U.S. state of Vermont was the home of Thomas Waterman Wood (November 12 1823 – April 14 1903) American painter and native of Montpelier. Wood built the house in 1850–1851 and named it Athenwood for his wife Minerva Robinson Wood.
 The First National Bank of Haxtun building at 145 S. Colorado Ave. in Haxtun Colorado was built in 1917. It is designed in Georgian Revival style. It served as a bank until closing during the Great Depression in 1932.
 Hanover Building is an Grade II office building in the NOMA district of Manchester United Kingdom.
 The Chelsea Old Church also known as All Saints is an Anglican church on Old Church Street Chelsea London SW3 England near Albert Bridge. It is the church for a parish in the Diocese of London part of the Church of England. Inside there is seating for 400 people. There is a memorial plaque to the author Henry James (1843–1916) who lived nearby on Cheyne Walk. To the west of the church is a small public garden containing a sculpture by Jacob Epstein.
 Old Town Historic District is a historic district southeast of the junction of I-295 and Washington Street in North Attleborough Massachusetts. It includes a small cluster of buildings near the junction of Old Post Road and Mt. Hope Street including the First Congregational Church an old schoolhouse and a powder magazine built in 1768.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Hospital of St. Cross is a National Health Service hospital on Barby Road Rugby Warwickshire England run by the University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire NHS Trust. It is on the south edge of Rugby hill above a steep slope running down to the Rainsbrook valley.In 2014 a new Diamond Jubilee rehabilitation centre was opened by Princess Alexandra of Kent.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Chinese: 聖母無原罪主教座堂) is a late 19th-century English Gothic revival church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hong Kong. It is located in the Mid-Levels area of the city at 16 Caine Road.Groundbreaking and construction of the cathedral began in 1883 after the previous cathedral on Wellington Street was destroyed by fire.
 The Heritage Motor Centre is a British motor museum and research centre located adjacent to the Jaguar Land Rover Gaydon Centre near Gaydon in Warwickshire England. The centre is open to the public and houses a collection of important vehicles celebrating Britain's motoring heritage. It is affiliated to the British Motorcycle Charitable Trust.
 All Hallows Bread Street was a parish church in the Bread Street ward of the City of London. It stood on the east side of Bread Street on the corner with Watling Street. First mentioned in the 13th century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666. The church was rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren and demolished in 1878.
 The Benedict House and Shop is located in Ridgefield Connecticut. The house was built in 1740 and has an adjoining cobbler's shop. It is significant as a rare surviving example of a colonial artisan's workshop. The buildings are among the oldest colonial houses in Ridgefield.
 The Luther Brooks House is an historic house at 34 Kirkland Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1840 by Oliver Hastings. It retained a traditional entry centered on the long side of the house while it was oriented with its gable to the street in the Greek Revival style.
 Riverside Methodist Church and Parsonage is a historic Methodist church and parsonage on Charles and Orchard Streets in Rhinecliff Dutchess County in the U.S. state of New York. The church was built about 1859 and the parsonage about 1888. The church is a small two story rectangular stone building in the Gothic Revival style. It features a steeply pitched gable roof covered in polychrome slate. It has an open-frame bell tower and is built into the side of a hill.
 The Albannach is a small hotel in the port of Lochinver in the Scottish Highlands. It has an acclaimed restaurant which was awarded a Michelin star in 2009.
 St. John African Methodist Episcopal Church was the first church for African Americans in Nebraska organized in North Omaha in 1867. It is located at 2402 North 22nd Street in the Near North Side neighborhood. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was constructed in the center of Omaha's North Side in the Prairie School architecture style.
 Mount Tabor is an extinct or dormant volcanic vent the city park on the volcano and the neighborhood of Southeast Portland that surrounds it all in Oregon. The name refers to Mount Tabor Israel. It was named by Plympton Kelly son of Oregon City pioneer resident Clinton Kelly.
 The John Hunter House also known as McCullough House near Franklin Tennessee is an Italianate style house that was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.The NRHP eligibility of this property and others was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources. The house was one of relatively few fine brick residences built in Williamson County Tennessee besides in Franklin that were built from 1865 to 1937.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Walkeringham is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Walkeringham Nottinghamshire England.
 Trinity Rectory is an historic building at the corner of Clarendon Street and Newbury Street in Boston Massachusetts. It is a brick building built in 1880 by Henry Hobson Richardson and features flower-shaped reliefs carved directly into the brick exterior.
 The Mala Synagogue is the oldest synagogue in the India located in Mala in Thrissur district of Kerala State.The Synagogue is now with Mala Panchayat. The defunct Synagogue doesn’t have any kind of religious materials inside and it was built by Malabar Jews.
 The Captain George Conrad Flavel House is a house built in 1901 in Astoria Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Peter's Church Plemstall stands in an isolated position at the end of a country lane near the village of Mickle Trafford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St John the Baptist's Church Guilden Sutton.
 Manchester Museum is a museum displaying works of archaeology anthropology and natural history and is owned by the University of Manchester. Sited on Oxford Road (A34) at the heart of the university's group of neo-Gothic buildings it provides access to about 4.5 million items from every continent. It is the UK's largest university museum and serves both as a major visitor attraction and as a resource for academic research and teaching. It has around 360000 visitors each year.
 The Richard B. Russell Library for Political Research and Studies is an archive of political and historic primary documents relating to the modern American political system. The Russell Library is one of three Special Collections Libraries located in the Richard B. Russell Building at 300 S. Hull St. Athens GA 30605 in the northeast section of the University of Georgia campus.
 Rudolph and Arthur Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township and New London Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a 80-foot-long (24 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1880. It has vertical planking and eave-level window openings. It crosses Big Elk Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Full Moon Hotel is an under construction building in Baku Azerbaijan at Absheron Peninsula on the western shore of the Caspian Sea. Hotel Full Moon is essentially a disc with rounded edges and a hole in one of the top corners that appears radically different from the view depending on the angle it is seen from. The front appears more like a glass Death Star whilst the side profile does not feature any specialty and looks like an ordinary glass building .
 The Lancaster and Waumbek Apartments were small apartment buildings respectively located at 227-29 and 237-39 East Palmer Avenue in Detroit Michigan. The apartments were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. They were demolished in November 2005.
 Long Island also known as Long Island of the Holston is an island in the Holston River at Kingsport in eastern Tennessee. The Long Island was a sacred council and treaty site among the Cherokee. Daniel Boone began from here to clear the Wilderness Road through the Cumberland Gap in 1775. It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark District.
 The Cotswold Motoring Museum is a museum located in the Cotswolds village of Bourton-on-the-Water Gloucestershire England which features motoring history of the 20th century.
 St David's Church Connah's Quay is in the town of Connah's Quay Flintshire Wales . It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Mold the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. The Church is the daughter Church of St Mark's Church Connah's Quay.
 The White Rose Centre is a shopping centre in the Beeston area of Leeds West Yorkshire England. It spans two floors and is near the M621 motorway. It takes its name from the White Rose of York the traditional symbol of Yorkshire. The Upper Level houses the centre's food court. The centre has 4800 free car parking spaces security on-site Police officers.
 The West Allis Post Office is located in West Allis Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Flatlands Dutch Reformed Church also known as Flatlands Reformed Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church at Kings Highway and E. 40th Street in Flatlands Brooklyn New York New York. The complex consists of the church administration building and cemetery. The congregation was founded in 1654. The church was built in 1848 in the Greek Revival style. The Greek Revival administration building was constructed in 1904; it was enlarged in the 1920s.
 Toa Payoh Hospital was located at 51 Toa Payoh Rise Toa Payoh Singapore. The hospital started operating on 20 May 1959 and merged with Changi Hospital to form the current Changi General Hospital located in Simei. The premises of the hospital had been demolished since then.
 Glendale Cemetery is a cemetery and historic district located in Akron Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Eads School Gymnasium is a historic Mission Revival-style school gymnasium in Eads Colorado. It was built in 1929 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.The gymnasium was important in Eads for providing an alternative to the basement of the 1923-built Eads Community Church (also NRHP-listed) for indoor basketball and other community events.
 St. Michael Queenhithe was a church in the City of London located in what is now Upper Thames Street. First recorded in the 12th century the church was destroyed during the Great Fire of London in 1666. Rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren it was demolished in 1876.
 Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site is a historically important location in Jefferson County New York USA. The historic site is south of the Village of Sackets Harbor in the Town of Hounsfield. Two battles were fought near this location during the War of 1812.The site includes exhibits a restored 1850's Navy Yard and Commandant's House outdoor signs and guided and self-guided tours.
 Rindal Church (Norwegian: Rindal kyrkje) is a parish church in Rindal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Rindal. The church is part of the Rindal parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1874 and it seats about 420 people.
 Saint Francis of Assisi Complex is a historic church at 1960 Bardstown Road in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Barton Academy is a historic Greek Revival school building located on Government Street in Mobile Alabama United States. It was under construction from 1836 to 1839 and was designed by architects James H. Dakin Charles B. Dakin and James Gallier. Gallier and the Dakin brothers also designed the nearby Government Street Presbyterian Church. Barton Academy was the first public school in the state of Alabama.
 St Mark's Church Broomhill is the parish church of the Sheffield suburb of Broomhill in England.The church was originally built in 1868–1871 to a standard neo-Gothic design by W. H. Crossland. This building was destroyed by an incendiary bomb during the Sheffield Blitz of 12 December 1940 only the spire and a porch survived (they are now Grade II listed structures). The remnants of the bombed church were used as the basis for a new church designed by George Pace and constructed 1958–1963.
 Mykolayiv Regional Museum of Local History “Staroflotski Barracks” is one of the oldest museums in Ukraine. It was established on 15 (28) December 1913.
 Fort Larned National Historic Site located six miles west of Larned Kansas United States preserves Fort Larned which operated from 1859 to 1878.
 Fall Street-Trinity Lane Historic District is a national historic district located at Seneca Falls in Seneca County New York. The district includes the archaeological remains of 19th century industrial structures located on three islands in the Seneca River. Also included are the limestone Trinity Church (1886) and its associated parish house (1916) and the red brick The Armitage historic home built about 1850.
 Forest Park is a Victorian garden district located in Springfield Massachusetts developed between 1880 and 1920. It is the city's most populous neighborhood and surrounds the 735-acre Frederick Law Olmsted-designed Forest Park for which the neighborhood is named. The Forest Park neighborhood has nature and recreation within walking distance. It begins one mile south of Metro Center and in terms of land area it is the second largest of the city's seventeen neighborhoods.
 St. Paul's African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Urbana Ohio United States. Built in the Greek Revival style in 1876 it is home to a congregation that was founded in the mid-1820s.
 Restaurant Les Saison part of Hotel Corona was a restaurant located in The Hague in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1988-1992.In the time of the Michelin stars head chef was Robert Kranenborg.Hotel Corona is located in three 17th century buildings within sight of the Dutch parlementary buildings. It reopened after an extensive renovation in January 2012.Restaurant Les Saison closed down in 1992.
 Nuestra Señora de Lourdes Chapel is a historic chapel located at the Miramar district in Santurce Puerto Rico. Its distinctive architecture bears a Gothic style. It was designed by Czech architect Antonin Nechodoma and built in 1908.
 Wheatleigh one of many Berkshire Cottages is located on Hawthorne Road in Lenox Massachusetts United States. It was built by Henry H. Cook and given to his daughter Georgie as a wedding gift when she married Count Carlos de Heredia. Wheatleigh was designed by premier architectural firm Peabody and Stearns.
 One Business Bay is a 35-storey skyscraper under construction on plot 001 at the northern (at Sheikh Zayed Road) entrance of Business Bay Dubai United Arab Emirates. Designed by German architects Kling Consult GmbH the tower will have 3 basement floors and a five floor podium with 1000 car park spaces. The developer is Omniyat.Each floor will be larger than the previous.
 San Julián de los Prados also known as Santullano is a Pre-Ramirense church from the beginning of the 9th century in Oviedo the capital city of the Principality of Asturias Spain. It is one of the greatest works of Asturian art and was declared an Historical-Artistic Monument by the Spanish Ministry of Culture in June 1917 and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO on 2 December 1998.The church's construction was ordered by Alfonso II of Asturias and it was built by the court architect Tioda c.
 The Bronaugh Apartments also known as the Hyland Apartments Olive Apartments and Ellsworth Apartments (originally named as three component sub-buildings) are a historic building in Portland Oregon United States. Constructed in 1905 during Portland's period of rapid growth around the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition it was one of the city's earliest modern apartment buildings contrasting with the boarding houses that were already common.
 Copenhagen Municipal Hospital (Danish: Københavns Kommunehospital) was a hospital that existed from 1863 until 1999 in Copenhagen Denmark. Its buildings located on Øster Farimagsgade opposite Copenhagen Botanical Garden now form part of the University of Copenhagen's City Campus.
 Shivar Springs Bottling Company Cisterns is a set of six historic cisterns located near Winnsboro Fairfield County South Carolina. They were built about 1900 and are a group of six cylindrical stuccoed stone cisterns with concrete domes. The Shivar Springs Bottling Company was in operation from about 1900 to about 1950. At first the company produced only mineral water which was sold for medicinal purposes.
 St Paul's Church (Danish: Sankt Pauls Kirke) also known as Hadsten Church (Danish: Hadsten Kirke) is a Danish church located in Hadsten Denmark.
 The Clinton House is a house in Fayetteville Arkansas built in 1931. The house is the first home of Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham while they both taught at the University of Arkansas School of Law. The home also witnessed the marriage of Bill and Hillary in the living room in 1975.
 Stevenson-Frink Farm is a historic farm complex located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The farm complex consists of the stucco-covered concrete block farmhouse built in 1917-1918 its contemporary garage and four earlier contributing agriculture related outbuildings: a stone smokehouse a former stable/carriage barn a cattle barn and granary. Also on the property is a contributing house site.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Burg Heinfels is a castle in Heinfels Tyrol Austria. It stands in the Puster Valley near the entrance to the Villgraten Valley]]. First mentioned in 1243 it belonging to the County of Gorz and was expanded on the west side in 1500. In 1526 it was besieged by Michael Gaismair and 2000 soldiers seeking to overthrow Catholic rule in the area. Today it is privately owned.
 Jack's Restaurant was a restaurant in San Francisco California. Opened in 1863 Jack’s was the second oldest restaurant in the city following Tadich Grill.In 2002 French-born chef Philippe Jeanty purchased Jack's later renaming it Jeanty on Jack's and operated it as a brasserie until it abruptly closed in May 2009.
 St James the Less Church is the Anglican parish church of North Lancing an ancient village which has been absorbed into the modern town of Lancing in the district of Adur one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. It was founded in the 12th century in the most northerly of the three settlements in Lancing parish which has Saxon origins.
 Carmel Moravian Church sits dramatically atop a hill 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the small market town of Newmarket in Westmoreland Jamaica. It was founded in 1827 at the behest of a local family of planters who wished to teach Christianity to their slaves.
 The Andrew Gildersleeve Octagonal Building also known as Mattituck the Octagon House and Mattituck Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at Main Road(NY 25) and Love Lane in Mattituck New York. It was built in 1854 by Andrew Gildersleeve a master carpenter who used it for his family home as well as for a store.On August 19 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Martin House is a historic residence in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1847 the house is composed of two pieces: the original section located in the back; and the front built in 1852. Between the two components it features elements of the Greek Revival and Federal architectural styles. Built of brick two stories tall it was originally a farmhouse belonging to John C.
 The Christchurch Town Hall since 2007 formally known as the Christchurch Town Hall of the Performing Arts opened in 1972 is Christchurch's premier performing arts centre. It is located in the central city on the banks of the Avon River overlooking Victoria Square. It was situated opposite the now-demolished Christchurch Convention Centre.
 The Needham Street Bridge is a historic bridge at Needham Street over the Charles River connecting Needham and Newton Massachusetts. The bridge was built in 1875 when Needham Street was laid out connecting Newton Centre Newton Highlands and Needham center. It was designed and built by Hiram Blaisdell and William Wheeler then in the early stages of a successful civil engineering career. The bridge is one of the finest surviving stone arch bridges in the Boston area.
 The Western Kentucky University Heating Plant is a historic structure on the campus of Western Kentucky University. Constructed in 1927 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979.
 The Old First Presbyterian Church also known as First Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a church in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The grounds located in the Four Corners Historic District includes an old burial ground.
 The Francis Ermatinger House is located in Oregon City Oregon United States. Built by Francis Ermatinger in 1845 it is the oldest house in Clackamas County. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and has been operated as a museum.Built in the Greek Revival style the house was originally located near the Willamette River in the downtown area near Willamette Falls.
 Life-Line Hospital (LLH) is non-governmental self financing hospital in Damak of Jhapa Nepal.
 The Oregon State Hospital Historic District is a National Historic District in Salem Oregon United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 28 2008 and encompasses many of the buildings of the present-day Oregon State Hospital.
 St Volodymyr's Cathedral (Ukrainian: Патріарший кафедральний собор св. Володимира Patriarshiy kafedralniy sobor sv. Volodimira) is a cathedral in the centre of Kiev. It is one of the city's major landmarks and the mother cathedral of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church - Kiev Patriarchy one of two major Ukrainian Orthodox Churches.
 The Chase County Courthouse in Cottonwood Falls Kansas was built in 1873 and is the oldest operating courthouse in Kansas. It was constructed from local limestone and the three story winding staircase was constructed from local walnut trees. The architectural style has been described as Second Empire or Italian Renaissance Revival and Italianate. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. The architect was John G.
 Rosedale Apartments are historic apartments at 1180 Narragansett Boulevard in Cranston Rhode Island.It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Oklahoma Memorial Union (OMU) is the University of Oklahoma's student union or student activity center. The Union was completed in 1928 as a memorial to the students faculty and staff of the University who fought and died in World War I. The Union has more than 26 meeting and activity rooms and eight dining kiosks. The Meacham Auditorium has 400 seats and the Molly Shi Boren Ballroom on the third floor seats up to 500 banquet guests.
 The Antiguo Casino de Puerto Rico located at Avenida Ponce de Leon 1 in San Juan Puerto Rico is a Beaux Arts architecture style building dating from 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Jubal A. Early House also known as the Jubal A. Early Homeplace and Archeological Site is a historic home and archaeological site located near Boones Mill Franklin County Virginia. The original dwelling was built in the first decade of the 19th century and enlarged after 1847. It is a two-story four bay frame dwelling with a side gable roof. It has a rear ell and takes a T shape.
 The Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater also known as the Moraine Park Lodge and the Moraine Park Visitor Center are located in Moraine Park a glaciated meadow between two moraines in Rocky Mountain National Park.The two structures were built to serve visitors to the park and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The museum was built in 1923 by Imogene Green MacPherson as the center of her private tourist development and was then known as the Moraine Park Lodge.
 Bay City Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bay City Michigan. Opened in 1991 the mall features four anchor stores: JCPenney Sears Target and Younkers. It is managed by a partnership of Lormax Stern.
 The Tyrrell Historical Library in Beaumont Texas was built in 1903 for First Baptist Church. Its design is Richardsonian Romanesque architecture mixed with features of the Victorian Gothic style such as pointed arch windows and quatrefoils. The building was purchased by Captain W. C. Tyrrell in 1923 and was donated to the city it survives today as an historical library. The building also retains all of the original stained glass.
 Grace Episocopal Church is an Episcopal church located in Mount Clemens Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975.
 Fulton Ferry District is a national historic district in Fulton Ferry Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 15 contributing buildings built between 1830 and 1895. They are an assortment of commercial and commercial / residential brick buildings ranging from two to four stories in height with one eight story building. That building is the Eagle Warehouse a Romanesque Revival style building built by The Brooklyn Eagle in 1893.
 The C.S. Golden House also known as the Leonard and Ellie Crain House is a historic house located in Thomaston Alabama. It was built in 1898 in the Queen Anne style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31 2000 due to its architectural significance.
 Ulster Heights Synagogue formally known as Congregation Knesset Israel of Ulster Heights is located at the corner of Beaverdam and Ulster Heights roads in the Ulster Heights section of the town of Wawarsing New York United States. It was built in 1924 by the early Jewish settlers of the southeastern Catskill region.
 The Paul and Madeleine Weidlinger House also known simply as the Weidlinger House is a historic house at 54 Valley Road in Wellfleet Massachusetts. It is one of a modest number of surviving houses in Wellfleet that combine elements of Modern architecture with traditional Cape Code architecture. The single story wood frame house was built in 1954 by designer Paul Weidlinger (founder of Weidlinger Associates a design firm) for his family's use.
 Trinity Repertory Company (commonly abbreviated as Trinity Rep) is a non-profit regional theater located in Providence Rhode Island. The theater is a member of the League of Resident Theatres. Founded in 1963 the theater is one of the most respected regional theatres in the country.
 Little Jerusalem AME Church also known as Bensalem is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church located at 1200 Bridgewater Road in Cornwells Heights Bensalem Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1830 and renovated about 1860 and 1896. It is a 1 1/2-story one room frame structure with a gable roof. It is one of the oldest African American churches having been established about 1820 by Rev.
 Rideau Correctional Centre was opened in 1947 as a minimum-security facility with an integrated farm where inmates could learn skills to be plied upon their release. It was decommissioned in 2004 and subsequently demolished in 2013.
 Hamilton Family Estate is a set of nine historic homes located in the Spruce Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. They were built between about 1853 and 1863 and are representative examples of the Italianate-style of architecture. They are commonly built of stucco and masonry with porches and bracketed cornices. The houses at 400 S.
 Mill Hill in Concord North Carolina is a historic house built by master craftsman Jacob Stirewalt in 1821. It includes Greek Revival and Federal architectural elements.The Johnson-Neel House is also attributed to Stirewalt due in part to its having a similar mantelpiece (and is also NRHP-listed).
 The Ramsey County Sheriff's Office was designed by William D. Gillespie and was built in 1909 by the Dinnie Brothers. Also known as Lake Region Heritage Center it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It is a well-preserved example of Georgian Revival architecture and is deemed significant for its original long-term use as the official residence of the sheriffs of Ramsey County. From 1974 on it served as a cultural center.
 Oswego County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1859-1860 and altered in 1891 and again in 1962. The two story building rises above a cruciform plan and is constructed of load bearing masonry walls faced with smooth ashlar limestone. It features a portico surmounted by a domed cupola. It was designed by noted architect Horatio Nelson White (1814–1892).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Sixteen Mile District was a national historic district located near Clermont and Rhinebeck in Columbia County New York. The district includes 233 contributing buildings that are associated with estates located along the east side of the Hudson River. A number of the buildings are located on the campus of Bard College notably those associated with the estates of Blythewood and Ward Manor.
 The Magnolia Grange is an historic mansion located across from the Chesterfield County Courthouse in Chesterfield Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built in 1823 and is a two-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The plantation house is operated as a historic house museum by the Chesterfield Historical Society.
 The Château de Sigy-le-Châtel is a ruined castle in the commune of Sigy-le-Châtel in the Saône-et-Loire département of France.
 David Scott House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1800 and is a two-story two bay fieldstone Penn Plan style dwelling. It has a gable roof and a log addition built in the 1980s. The house stayed in the Scott family for over 160 years until sold in 1965.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Haydenville is a census-designated place in southern Green Township Hocking County Ohio United States. It lies along U.S. Route 33 and the Hocking River southeast of the city of Logan the county seat of Hocking County. Its elevation is 705 feet (215 m) and it is located at 39°28′55″N 82°19′42″W (39.4820130 -82.3282074). Although Haydenville is unincorporated it has a post office established on January 10 1870 and a nearby cemetery.
 Select Citywalk is a premier shopping mall located in the Saket District Centre in Saket New Delhi. The 1300000 sq ft (120000 m2) retail development is spread over 6 acres (24000 m2) and includes a multiplex serviced apartments offices and public spaces. The mall was developed by Select Infrastructure a joint venture between the Select group and the Aarone group. It opened to the public in October 2007.
 Ladd's Addition is an inner southeast neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States. It is Portland's oldest planned residential development and one of the oldest in the western United States. The neighborhood is known in Portland for a diagonal street pattern which is at odds with the rectilinear grid of the surrounding area.
 Aberdeen Maternity Hospital or AMH is a specialist maternity hospital in Aberdeen Scotland. The buildings date from the late 1940s but have been updated and modernised since. It is part of the Aberdeen Joint Hospitals Scheme envisaged by Professor Matthew Hay in the early 20th century. Between 4000 and 5000 babies are born at the hospital each year. The hospital is located in the Foresterhill area of Aberdeen and serves the region of Grampian as well as the islands of Shetland and Orkney.
 The Swedish Army Museum (Swedish: Armémuseum) is a museum of military history located in the district of Östermalm in Stockholm. It reopened in 2002 after a long period of closure and was awarded the title of the best museum of Stockholm in 2005.
 Toronto Rehabilitation Institute or Toronto Rehab is the largest rehabilitation hospital in Canada. Toronto Rehab has six sites located in Toronto Ontario.
 Flat Gap High School also known as Flat Gap School Community Center is a historic high school building located at Pound Wise County Virginia. It was built in 1935-1936 and is a one-story building with a three-part plan consisting of a front gabled midsection and set-back side-gable wings. The Classical Revival design references include rusticated stonework molded cornice with gable returns and a round-arched principal entrance with granite voussoirs and keystone.
 Cold Spring Grange Hall is located in Lower Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The hall was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 1998.It was used as a Grange Hall. The Grange Hall is at the entrance of Historic Cold Spring Village and is run as a restaurant.
 The David Jones House in Maryville Tennessee also known as the George Burchfield House is a Second Empire style house built in 1887. The house is Blount County's only extant example of a residence built in the Second Empire style. It has a straight-sided mansard roof and prominent stone quoining. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Lovingston Historic District is a national historic district located in Lovingston Virginia. It is a 224.8-acre (0.910 km2) historic district which includes the entirety of the 1809 and 1823 plats as well as the continued growth through the early-to-mid-20th-century. The cohesive village contains a diverse collection of building types and architectural styles that reflect the town’s growth and development as the seat of Nelson County from its inception to the present.
 Sandor(* 19.366539°N 72.804165°E﻿ / 19.366539; 72.804165) is a village in the Vasai-Virar region of the historic Lata region of the North Konkan located in the District of Thane in Maharashtra state India. The natives of Sandor are predominantly Catholics who converted with the arrival of Portuguese in the region although there had also been some Nestorians descended from converts made by the Apostles St. Thomas the Apostle and Bartholomeo the Apostle.
 St. Bernard Parish or St. Bernard's Parish is a Roman Catholic parish in Peoria Illinois.In 1901 the parish purchased land in the East Bluff neighborhood of Peoria. The church was dedicated in October 1904. The church is located at 509 East Kansas Street and the former school is across the street at 512 East Kansas Street.The school opened with 30 students and only two teachers. The school closed in 2004.[citation needed] St.
 The Gibraltar Museum is a national museum of history culture and natural history located within the city centre of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar. Founded in 1930 by the then Governor of Gibraltar General Sir Alexander Godley the museum houses an array of displays portraying The Rock's millennia-old history and the unique culture of its people. The museum also incorporates the remains of a 14th-century Moorish bath house. Its director since 1991 is Prof. Clive Finlayson.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 213 Main Street in Clarksville Tennessee. The congregation is currently affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA).
 Aiud prison is a prison complex in Aiud central Transylvania Romania. It is infamous for its political inmates especially during World War II during the reign of Romania by Ion Antonescu and later the communists. It is said to have been built in the 19th century.
 The Calico Museum of Textiles is located in the city of Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat in western India.The museum is managed by the Sarabhai Foundation and is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Ahmedabad.
 Coworth House currently known as Coworth Park Hotel is a late 18th-century country house situated at Sunningdale near Ascot in the English county of Berkshire. In 2008 its interiors were gutted and rebuilt to facilitate the house's new use as a hotel. The exterior façades were retained but a new roof while uniting the corps de logis and its later early 19th-century flanking wings has marred the intended Palladian concept of the architecture.
 The Castle of Alcantarilha is a medieval fortress and its remnant walls in the civil parish of Alcantarilha municipality of Silves in the Portuguese Algarve region of southwestern Iberia. It is a little-known monument now in ruins used for the protection of the people of the village and surrounding area from attacks by north African pirates.
 Rochdale Town Hall is a Victorian-era municipal building in Rochdale Greater Manchester England. It is widely recognised as being one of the finest municipal buildings in the country and is rated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Tashmoo Springs Pumping Station is a historic waterworks facility in Tisbury Massachusetts on the island of Martha's Vineyard. The pump station and associated works were first constructed by private interests in the 1880s to provide a reliable water supply for the burgeoning resort areas of Tisbury as well as the port of Vineyard Haven. The facilities were taken over by the town in the early 20th century after which some alterations were made to accommodate technological improvements.
 Delaware Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It encompasses 180 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure developed in the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
 Deerfoot Mall is an enclosed shopping centre located in northeast Calgary Alberta. It opened in 1981 just east of Deerfoot Trail (Highway 2) on 64th Avenue NE. Unlike other enclosed malls in the city Deerfoot Mall is located within a business/industrial park and not immediately adjacent to residential areas.
 Miners Union Hall located east of Philipsburg Montana in Deerlodge National Forest is a historic building built in 1890. Also known as Granite Miners Union Hall it served as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.In its first floor was a pool parlor and a club area; on the second floor was a large dance floor an auditorium space and an office and library.
 Praça das Esculturas (Portuguese for Sculpture Square) is located in Altinópolis São Paulo state Brazil. The Sculptures are the main works from the artist Bassano Vaccarini.
 The Storehouse No. 2 was a United States Navy Fleet supply base that was built during World War I. The building is located at 850 3rd Avenue Brooklyn New York.
 Spanish Fort is an unincorporated community in north central Montague County Texas United States at the end of Farm Road 103 one mile south of the Red River.
 Punta della Dogana is an art museum in Venice's old customs building the Dogana da Mar. It also refers to the triangular area of Venice where the Grand Canal meets the Giudecca Canal and its collection of buildings: Santa Maria della Salute Patriarchal Seminary of Venice and Dogana da Mar at the triangle's tip.
 First Presbyterian Church—Berry House is a historic building at 203 Pecan Street in Dardanelle Arkansas.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Musée de l'Élysée is a museum on Lausanne Switzerland entirely devoted to photography. It is a government-supported institution founded in 1985 by Charles-Henri Favrod in an 18th-century mansion.The collection of more than 100000 photographs includes those of colour pioneer Gabriel Lippmann right up to contemporary photographers such as Jeff Wall.
 The R.E. Olds Transportation Museum is named for Ransom E. Olds founder of Oldsmobile and is located in Lansing Michigan. It is one of the top-rated automotive museums in the United States.The final Oldsmobile a dark cherry metallic Final 500 Collector's Edition (#500 of 500) Alero sedan was donated to the museum on April 29 2004 but the museum later had to sell the car because General Motors did not donate funds.It houses a diverse collection of Oldsmobiles dating from 1897 to 2004.
 Northeastern Vermont Regional Hospital is a community not for profit acute care critical access hospital. It is designated as a Baby Friendly hospital by the United Nations. It provides primary and preventive care surgical and specialty services inpatient and outpatient care and 24 hour emergency services.
 St Mary's Church is an Anglican church in the village of Walberton in the district of Arun one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. Its 11th-century origins are now mostly hidden behind the results of extensive restoration work undertaken since the 18th century; but some Saxon-era fragments remain and reused Roman building materials can still be seen in the walls.
 The Sidna Allen House is a historic house located near the town of Fancy Gap in Carroll County Virginia. The house was built in 1911 for Sidna Allen brother of Floyd Allen; however he was arrested soon thereafter for complicity in the courthouse shooting of which his brother was accused and never again lived there.On January 27 1901 when Sidna Allen was 35 years old he got married to Bettie Mitchell. After Sidna and Bettie married they decided to build a house.
 The Panama Canal Museum (Spanish: Museo del Canal Interoceánico de Panamá) is a non-profit and public museum located in Panama City Panama. Established in 1997 the museum is devoted to the history of the construction of the Panama Canal in its various stages including the first French construction attempt the later construction by the United States and the eventual transfer to Panamanian control.
 The High Street Historic District in Hartford Connecticut is a 1.1 acres (0.45 ha) historic district that includes three buildings all contributing. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.The district is significant in that it embodies many characteristics of late-19th century and early-20th century commercial architecture and it illustrates the rapid commercial growth of Hartford after the U.S.
 Harwich Historic District is a historic district in an irregular pattern on both sides of Main St. W to Forest St. and E to jct. of Rte. 39 and Chatham Road in Harwich Massachusetts.The district was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Rainsford Historic District in Cheyenne Wyoming comprises a group of Victorian houses many designed by architect George D. Rainsford. The neighborhood includes the residences of a number of cattle barons giving rise to the name Cattle Baron Row. The district is located immediately to the east of downtown Cheyenne and includes examples of Stick Eastlake Greek Revival Romanesque Revival and Shingle style architecture among other eclectic styles of the time.
 The Thaddeus Hait Farm is located on Allhusen Road near the hamlet of Modena in the town of Plattekill New York United States. It is a 142-acre (0.57 km2) property on both sides of the road consisting of 15 contributing properties in two distinct groups together comprising a mostly intact early 19th-century family farm still used for that purpose today.Hait a member of a prosperous Westchester County family bought the original 97 acres (39 ha) in 1819.
 Mayo Memorial Hall is a large meeting hall in Allahabad situated near the Thornhill Mayne Memorial having a 180 feet high tower . The interior of this memorial hall was ornamented with designs by Professor Gamble of the South Kensington Museum London. Mayo Memorial Hall was designed by Richard Roskell Bayne and was completed in 1879. The hall was meant for public meetings balls and receptions in commemoration of the assassinated Viceroy Mayo.
 The Monticello Grange No. 338 is a building in Monticello Maine that was built in 1922 in Late Victorian architecture style. It historically served as a meeting hall as a city hall and as an auditorium. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Bristol Municipal Stadium also referred to as the Stone Castle is an athletic facility located on the campus of Bristol Tennessee High School in Bristol Tennessee. The structure features a design that is reminiscent of Medieval Gothic architecture and has a seating capacity of approximately 8000. The stadium currently serves as the home field of the football team of Tennessee High School. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Boulders also known as the Homer A. Norris House is a historic home located at Greenwood Lake in Orange County New York. It was built in 1911 and is a two story rectangular stone bungalow dwelling. It features a projecting two story gable roofed bay.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 St. Brendan's Hospital is a hospital in Castlebay on the island of Barra Eileanan Siar. It is operated by NHS Western Isles.
 Hickory Ridge Mall is a community shopping mall located in Memphis Tennessee. It was severely damaged by a tornado on February 5 2008. The mall was renovated and reopened in 2010.
 Manasseh Cutler Hall at Ohio University in the United States was completed in 1819. This three story structure topped by a wooden tower and cupola is the oldest college building in the Old Northwest. It was named for Manasseh Cutler a New England physician botanist and minister who wrote the University's charter in 1804.
 100 Federal Street formerly known as the First National Bank Building and nicknamed the Pregnant Building is a skyscraper located in the Financial District of Boston Massachusetts USA. The skyscraper rising 591 feet (180 m) and 37 floors is Boston's sixth-tallest building. The building was completed in 1971 and formerly served as the world headquarters of FleetBoston Financial (and the Bank of Boston even earlier).
 The Church of St Andrew in Old Cleeve Somerset England dates from the 12th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.In the 12th century Robert FitzGerold gave the church to Bec Abbey in Le Bec Hellouin Normandy France a Benedictine monastic foundation in Eure.
 The American Computer Museum is a museum of the history of computing and communications located in Bozeman Montana USA. It was founded in May 1990 by Barbara and George Keremedjiev as a non-profit organization. The museum was originally intended to have been located in Princeton New Jersey but the location was changed when the founders moved to Bozeman. It is likely the oldest extant museum dedicated to the history of computers in the world.
 The Lynchburg Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge that spans the east fork of the Little Miami River in Lynchburg Ohio. It also has the distinction following a recent repair and restoration project of being the only such covered bridge in North America to have been converted to a pseudo-suspension infrastructure. The bridge was built in 1870 as a Long truss.
 Wat Khanikphon (Thai: วัดคณิกาผล) is a Thai private temple in Maha Nikaya sect of Buddhism located on Thanon Phlapphla Chai Khwaeng Pom Prap Khet Pom Prap Sattru Phai Bangkok in front of the Phlapphla Chai Police Office.During the reign of King Nang Klao a rich old woman whose name was Faeng (แฟง) often called Madam Faeng by the public was a faithful Buddhist despite being a manager of a brothel called Madam Faeng's Station situated on Thanon Yaowarat.
 The Rosewood Center was an institution for people with developmental disabilities located on Rosewood Lane in Owings Mills Maryland.It was established in 1888 as the Asylum and Training School for the Feeble-Minded. From 1912 to 1961 it was known as the Rosewood State Training School. In 1961 the facility was renamed as the Rosewood State Hospital. After the state departments of health and mental hygiene merged in 1969 the facility was renamed the Rosewood Center.
 Paul Smith's Electric Light and Power and Railroad Company Complex is a national historic district located at Saranac Lake in Franklin County New York. It contains two contributing buildings (a powerhouse and an office building) and two contributing structures (a dam and a bridge). The powerhouse was built in 1908-1909 and is a one story single room brick building on a stone foundation measuring 40 feet by 55 feet.
 The Houston House built in 1900 is an historic Carpenter Gothic style house located at 3708 Mead Avenue in Cincinnati Ohio. OnAugust 24 1979 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Woman's Club of New Smyrna is a historic woman's club in New Smyrna Beach Florida United States. It is located at 403 Magnolia Street. On May 11 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Patrick Piggot House also known as Angola Lodge is located on Angola Road just east of US 9W in Cornwall New York United States. It has gone from being a farmhouse to a summer boardinghouse back to a private dwelling once again.Piggot and his wife Ellen bought the property from local landowner Henry Chedeayne in 1869. That summer they contracted with Mead and Taft to build a farmhouse.
 Dixon also known as Dixon's Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Shacklefords King and Queen County Virginia. It was built about 1793 and is a two-story five bay frame house with brick end walls. It has a gambrel roof and sits on a brick foundation. Curving hyphens connect the main house to flanking buildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Jade at Brickell Bay is a residential skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located in Downtown's Brickell Financial District directly on Biscayne Bay. The tower which opened in 2004 is 528 feet (161 m) tall and contains 48 floors. The address is 1331 Brickell Bay Drive.
 The New Bern Historic District is a historic district in New Bern North Carolina. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.As of 2003 the district contained 492 contributing structures with construction dates ranging from the early 1800s to the mid-20th century.
 The J. Warren Smith House is a house at 21 North Palmetto Street at the corner of North Palmetto and Edgemont Strees in Liberty South Carolina in Pickens County. It has also been called Maggie Manor and the Myrtle Inn which were names during its use as a boarding house. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on January 26 2005. It is considered an excellent example of a Colonial Revival house and for its connection with J.
 Zion Lutheran Church is a historic church in Jefferson City Missouri.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Chapel Hill is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built about 1842 and is a two-story Federal style brick dwelling. It has a lower two-story rear wing with a brick first story and weatherboard-sided second story add about 1910. It features a molded cyma recta brick cornices below a metal sheathed side-gable roof.
 Gjemnes Church (Norwegian: Gjemnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Gjemnes along the Batnfjorden. The church is part of the Gjemnes parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1893 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 310 people.
 The Contemporary Arts Center (CAC)—one of the first contemporary art institutions in the United States—is a pioneering contemporary art museum located in Cincinnati Ohio. The CAC is a non-collecting museum that focuses on new developments in painting sculpture photography architecture performance art and new media.
 Metrocenter is a super-regional shopping mall in northwest Phoenix Arizona. It is bounded roughly by Interstate 17 35th Dunlap and Peoria Avenues. Its anchor stores include Macy's Dillard's clearance center and Sears with two vacant anchors last occupied by Macy's (which moved from its first location to its current location a former Robinsons-May in 2006) and JCPenney.
 Fairhope Plantation is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house and historic district located one mile east of Uniontown Alabama USA. The 2 1⁄2-story wood-framed main house was built in the Gothic Revival style in the late 1850s. The plantation historic district includes six other contributing buildings in addition to the main house.
 Mayfield also known as the William Wilson House is a historic home located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1839 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling with a two-story rear service wing. The house is in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It measures approximately 45 feet wide and 25 feet deep.
 The French Horn at Sonning is a luxury hotel and restaurant on the banks of the River Thames next to the Sonning Backwater Bridges (on the B478 road) at Sonning Eye Oxfordshire England.The speciality of the restaurant is duck roasted on a spit in front of the fire and there is an extensive wine list one of the most acclaimed in Britain with exceptional vintages of 1st Growth Claret. The restaurant has a panoramic view of the gardens and river Thames beyond.
 The Khan Mohammad Mirza Mosque on Lalbagh road is situated less than half a kilometre west of the Lalbagh Fort. Two Persian inscriptions one over the central archway and the other over the central Mihrab speak of its construction during 1704–05 AD by one Khan Muhammad Mirza.The large platform is 38.10 m from north to south and 28.96 m from east to west. Its height is about 5.18 m from the ground level. Underneath the platform are vaulted rooms on all sides except the eastern side.
 El Paisano Hotel is a historic hotel located in Marfa Texas United States. The hotel was designed by Trost & Trost and opened in 1930. The hotel may be best known as the location headquarters for the cast and crew of the film Giant (1956) for six weeks in the summer of 1955 The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1 1978.The El Paisano Hotel was built by Charles N. Bassett of El Paso. It was designed by Henry C.
 The Multnomah County Poor Farm is a historic site in Troutdale Oregon United States. The former county poor farm is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Today the site is operated as an entertainment and lodging complex under the name McMenamins Edgefield one of many historic properties owned restored and operated by McMenamins.
 The Royal National Throat Nose and Ear Hospital (the RNTNEH) is a specialist otolaryngologic hospital located on the Gray's Inn Road in London United Kingdom and a part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. Established in 1874 its motto is Audient surdi mutique loquentur (the deaf shall hear and the mute shall speak).The hospital specialises in the diagnosis and treatment of ear nose and throat disorders.
 Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital formerly known as Baptist Hospital is a not-for-profit community hospital in Nashville Tennessee United States and the largest such hospital in Middle Tennessee. It is licensed for 683 acute and rehab care beds.Saint Thomas - Midtown Hospital is operated by Saint Thomas Health Services which also operates Saint Thomas Hospital in Nashville Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro and Hickman Community Hospital in Centerville.
 Bridge in West Wheatfield Township is a historic stone arch bridge located at West Wheatfield Township in Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1911 and is a 75-foot-long (23 m) bridge with a semi-circular arch spanning 30-foot-long (9.1 m). It is built of rough rock faced ashlar with a concrete parapet. It crosses Richard's Run.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Buffalo Bill Ranch State Historical Park also known as Scout's Rest Ranch is a living history state park located west of North Platte Nebraska.The property includes a home owned by Buffalo Bill as well as many other historical exhibits. The park can be found along U.S. Route 30 two miles west of North Platte.It includes a Second Empire–style mansion built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Lyon's Turning Mill is a historic granite turning mill on Ricciuti Drive in Quincy Massachusetts.The first quarry on the site one of the earliest quarries in Quincy was established on the site about 1825. In the late 1880s James Lyon bought the quarry and organized the Lyons Granite Company in 1893 with a paid in capital of $40000.
 Immingham Dominican Friary was a friary in Lincolnshire England.
 The Old Lakeland High School also known as the Polk Opportunity Center is an historic 3-story redbrick school building located at 400 North Florida Avenue in Lakeland Florida USA. Built in 1926 it was designed by noted architect Edward Columbus Hosford in the late Gothic Revival architectural style.On September 30 1993 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Solar Building located in Albuquerque New Mexico was the world's first commercial building to be heated primarily by solar energy. It was built in 1956 to house the engineering firm of Frank Bridgers and Donald Paxton who were responsible for the heating system design. The novel building received writeups in Life and Popular Mechanics and was the subject of an NSF-funded research project in the 1970s.
 The Suisun Masonic Lodge No. 55 also known as Stanley Y. Beverley Lodge is a Masonic Lodge in Suisun City California. Its historic building was built in 1855. It was designed by Hiram Rush. The building served as a clubhouse and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as Suisun Masonic Lodge No. 55.
 The Pillsbury-French House is a historic house at 103 Dascomb Road in Andover Massachusetts. It was built circa 1790 for William Clark of Tewksbury but was sold at auction just a year later. The property was occupied by Jacob French whose family bought the property in 1795 and kept it until 1841. It was purchased by Paul Pearson Pillsbury in 1843 and remained in his family until 1926.
 Painter Hall (formerly the Physics Building) is an academic building located on the University of Texas at Austin campus. Named after T.S. Painter the building was constructed in 1933 expanded in 1957 and remodeled in 1974.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Reform synagogue located at 9001 Towne Centre Drive in San Diego California. Formally incorporated in 1887 Beth Israel traces it roots back to 1861. It is San Diego's largest and oldest Jewish congregation.
 The Parsons Memorial Lodge is a small building built in 1915 by the Sierra Club at the northern end of Tuolumne Meadows of Yosemite National Park. It was one of the earliest structures built of stone in a national park.
 One Kansas City Place is the tallest building located in downtown Kansas City Missouri bounded by 12th Street to the north Baltimore Avenue to the west and Main Street to the east. Built in 1988 the 190.1 m (624 ft) tower was designed by Patty Berkebile Nelson & Immenschuh and replaced the Town Pavilion as the tallest building in the city.One Kansas City Place is considered an architectural salute to City Hall which is located 5 blocks east of Main on 12th Street.
 City Hall in Perth Amboy Middlesex County New Jersey United States is a historic building built in the early 18th century listed on New Jersey Register of Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the oldest City Hall still in use in the United States.
 Hidayatuddeneyah Mosque (Thai: มัสยิดฮิดายาตุดดีนียะฮ์) is located at 30/1 M.7 Baan Kohyai Tumbol Thungnui Amphoe Khuan Kalong Satun Thailand. Hidayatuddeneyah Mosque is an extremely old mosque. It was built using wood and was recently refurbished in 2002. The mosque mainly caters to the Sunni branch of Islam.
 Cathedral Church of the Redemption also known as Viceroy Church is among the most beautiful and magnificent churches in India. The church is located east of Parliament House in New Delhi and Rashtrapati Bhavan which was used by then British Viceroy. The Church resembles the shape of a birthday cake with a candle placed on top. The Church derives its name from Palladio's Church of Il Redentore in Veniceas well as Lutyens St Jude's Church Hampstead Garden Suburb.
 Kolkata Town Hall in Roman Doric style was built in 1813 by the architect and engineer Maj.-Gen. John Garstin (1756-1820) with a fund of 700000 Rupees raised from a lottery to provide the Europeans with a place for social gatherings. At first the hall was placed under a committee which allowed the public to use the hall under such terms and conditions as were fixed by the Government.
 The Tempio Malatestiano (Italian Malatesta Temple) is the cathedral church of Rimini Italy. Officially named for St. Francis it takes the popular name from Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta who commissioned its reconstruction by the famous Renaissance theorist and architect Leon Battista Alberti around 1450.
 New Bethel Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church building near Greeneville Tennessee.The New Bethel congregation formed in 1839. At first they conducted worship on benches surrounding a large tree. The church building was built in 1842; the tree was felled to make way for the building which was built over its huge stump.The building is of wood frame construction with Greek Revival styling. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District in Colorado National Monument comprises a complex of park service buildings designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style. The primary designer was National Park Service architect Kenneth M. Saunders who employed the local red sandstone in the buildings which included shops fuel shed repair and storage buildings.
 St. John's Episcopal Church in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a one-story structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1851 it was added to the register in 1974. It is the oldest intact church building in Oregon. The church is also known as the Oaks Pioneer Church.Located in Oaks Pioneer Park in the Sellwood neighborhood the rectangular post-and-beam structure has a footprint of 18 by 42 feet (5.5 by 12.8 m).
 The Nagi Museum Of Contemporary Art (Nagi MOCA) (奈義町現代美術館 Nagicho Gendai Bijutsukan) is a museum in Nagi Okayama Japan. It was designed by architect Arata Isozaki and opened its doors to the public on April 25 1994.
 Blaenavon Ironworks is an industrial museum in Blaenavon in Wales. The ironworks was of crucial importance in the development of the ability to use cheap low quality high sulphur iron ores worldwide.
 The Faust Landmark formerly known as the Faust Hotel (or Hotel Faust) and Tebala Towers is located on East State Street is one of the largest buildings in downtown Rockford Illinois United States. It currently serves persons 55 years and older. Built in 1929 as a hotel it was sold to the Shriners who renamed it Tebala Towers.
 Seyyed mosque (Persian: مسجد سید‎) is the biggest and the most famous mosque from the Qajar era in Isfahan. It was founded by Seyyed Mohammad Bagher Shafti one of the most famous clergymen in Isfahan. It was founded in the middle of the 19th century but its tiling lasted until the end of the century.
 Thomas Kent Jr. Farm is a historic home and farm located at Franklin Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1851 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with a 2-story rear ell in the Greek Revival style. It measures 43 feet by 36 feet. Also on the property are the contributing frame barn (c. 1850) corn crib (c. 1850) shed (c. 1920) two car garage (c. 1928) and pond (c. 1928).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Housatonic Railroad Station is located in New Milford Connecticut. The station was built in 1886 by the Housatonic Railroad Company which was acquired by the New York New Haven and Hartford Railroad. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1984. The station is currently home to the Greater New Milford chamber of commerce.
 All Saints Church at Monie is a historic Episcopal church located at Venton Somerset County Maryland. It is a single-story Carpenter Gothic-style building five bays across by one room deep built in 1881. It is a well preserved example of a small rural Carpenter Gothic church taken from the designs of Richard Upjohn. Also on the property is the cemetery with 18th 19th and 20th century burial sites and markers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Feldman's Department Store currently known as the Teal Professional Building is a historic commercial building in Haleyville Winston County Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 2009.
 The E. Albee House is an historic house located at 217 Chapin Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The construction date of this 2.5 story timber frame gambrel house is unknown but is believed to be mid-18th century based on the similarity of its construction methods and details to other local houses that survive from that period. It is possible that the 1855 owner of the property E.
 The Fur Trade at Lachine National Historic Site (Lieu historique national de la Commerce-de-la-Fourrure-à-Lachine) is a historic building located in the borough of Lachine in Montreal Quebec Canada at the western end of the Lachine Canal. It is a National Historic Site of Canada.Beginning in the 17th century voyageurs would launch their canoes from this location to transport trade goods thousands of miles into the interior of North America lands.
 The Jacob VanderSys House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival and Mission Revival styles. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 The Coolot Company Building in Sacramento California was a building constructed originally in 1861. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The building was built by Leland Stanford and he used one of the rooms as his office. It was also a part of the underground tunnel system as a part of the raised level of buildings in Sacramento. Replete with 25 office suites in the early 1990s the edifice was still in use while neighboring buildings had all been demolished.
 Gustmeyer House (Danish: Gustmeyers Gård) is a historic property on Ved Stranden opposite Christiansborg Palace on Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen Denmark. It was built in 1797 to a Neoclassical design by Johan Martin Quist. The Nobel Prize-winning physicist Niels Bohr was born in the building.
 Bolton Hall is a historic American Craftsman era stone building in Tujunga Los Angeles County California. Built in 1913 Bolton Hall was originally used as a community center for the Utopian community of Los Terrenitos. From 1920 until 1957 it was used as an American Legion hall the San Fernando Valley's second public library Tujunga City Hall and a jail. In 1957 the building was closed.
 The Royal Pavilion is a former royal residence located in Brighton England United Kingdom. It was built in three stages beginning in 1787 as a seaside retreat for George Prince of Wales who became the Prince Regent in 1811. It is often referred to as the Brighton Pavilion. It is built in the Indo-Saracenic style prevalent in India for most of the 19th century with the most extravagant chinoiserie interiors ever executed in the British Isles.
 {Château de La Brède is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.|Château de La Brède is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.fr:Château de La Brède}
 Chiesa di San Sepolcro is a church in Milan Italy. It was originally built in 1030 but has undergone multiple revisions. The church is located at Piazza San Sepolcro in the historic center of Milan.The latest interior restoration was in 1713-1719 whild the present Neo-Romanesque facade was completed in 1894-1897 under the designs of Gaetano Moretti and Cesare Nava. The Bramantino frescoes were moved from the portal to the inside of the church.
 The Brunswick Shopping Centre with over 30 shops is in the centre of Scarborough North Yorkshire England built on the site of a former Debenhams store which is still an anchor tenant.
 The Lyric Theatre is an historic theater located at 59 South West Flagler Avenue near Confusion Corner in Stuart Florida. The building fronts on its north side on South West Osceola Street. Built to serve as a movie house it is now used primarily as a stage and music venue. Additions were made on the west side to provide back stage space for these new uses. The additions also face on both streets. On November 12 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Emphietsoglou Gallery Museum is an art Gallery in Athens Greece. It is sited in Marousi near the metro station. Its founder Prodromos Emphietsoglou gave his private art collection of over 500 works to the public. These days the Emphietsoglou gallery offers a review of 750 works of modern Greek art including some of the best paintings from the last 200 years.
 The Maj. George Beecher Cook House is a historic house located at 356 W. 21st St. in Merced California. Built circa 1887 the house was designed in the Queen Anne style; it is considered one of the best examples of the style in Merced. The house's asymmetrical design features a cylindrical tower open porches in the front and back and a 7-sided bay on the west side.
 The National Museum of Australia was formally established by the National Museum of Australia Act 1980.The National Museum preserves and interprets Australia's social history exploring the key issues people and events that have shaped the nation.The Museum did not have a permanent home until 11 March 2001 when a purpose-built museum building was officially opened in the national capital Canberra.
 The Candoro Marble Works is a marble cutting and polishing facility located in Knoxville Tennessee United States. Established as a subsidiary of the John J. Craig Company in 1914 the facility's marble products were used in the construction of numerous monumental buildings across the United States during the 1930s and 1940s.
 Col. Sidney Berry House is a historic home located at Northumberland in Saratoga County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a 2-story five-by-two-bay timber-framed gable-roofed residence. It has a rectangular main block and 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. It features a Federal entrance and Greek Revival period details on the interior added with a renovation about 1850.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St. Andrew's Church(Tamil: புனித அந்திரேயா கோவில்) in Egmore Chennai was built to serve the Scottish community in Chennai. Its design was modelled on St. Martin-in-the-Fields. Building started 6 April 1818 and the church was consecrated in 1821.
 The Santa Monica Museum of Art (SMMoA) is an independent art museum located in Santa Monica California. It exhibits the work of local national and international contemporary artists. SMMoA is the only kunsthalle or non-collecting museum in Southern California.
 The Albany Museum South Africa is situated in Grahamstown in South Africa is affiliated to Rhodes University and dates back to 1855 making it the second oldest museum in South Africa.The natural history and geology collections of the Eastern Province Literary Scientific and Medical Society were used as its nucleus.
 Brixworth Abbey was a monastic house in Northamptonshire England.The church thought to have been of basilican plan was devastated during the Danish invasion of 876 and converted into a parish church in the tenth century when the original western entrance was formed into a tower.
 The Charles Gay House on Gay Rd. in Waimea Kauai Hawaii was built in 1895. It has also been known as the Roland Gay Residence. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; the listing included three contributing buildings.
 Château des Bories is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Bowles–Cooley House is located at the corner of West Francis and North First streets in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a brick structure in the Queen Anne architectural style built during the 1880s. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with many other historic properties in the city.It is one of the few large brick houses built in Aspen during its early boomtown era and one of the largest houses built in the city's West End.
 The Shah Jahan Mosque is located in Thatta Sindh province Pakistan. It was built during the reign of Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.
 The National Museum of the American Indian is part of the Smithsonian Institution and is dedicated to the life languages literature history and arts of the Native Americans of the Western Hemisphere.
 St Thomas More is a Roman Catholic church in Bradford-on-Avon Wiltshire. It is part of the Clifton diocese. Located near the historic Town Bridge Bradford-on-Avon and opposite the Swan Hotel (AD. 1500) and the Dandy Lion Pub the Catholic Church of St. Thomas More is a large and impressive structure.
 Denver Health Medical Center formerly named Denver General Hospital and sometimes abbreviated to Denver Health Denver General or DG is a hospital in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Denver founded in 1860. It is one of four Level I Trauma Centers in Colorado. Denver Health is one of the primary teaching hospitals in Denver and is affiliated with the University of Colorado Denver.
 Chesterfield Towne Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Richmond Virginia. It opened in 1975 and features five anchor stores: Garden Ridge JCPenney Macy's Sears and a combination TJ Maxx/HomeGoods.
 The Woody Guthrie Center is a public museum and archive located in Tulsa Oklahoma that is dedicated to the life and legacy of American folk musician and singer-songwriter Woody Guthrie. The Woody Guthrie Center is located at 102 East Brady St. in Tulsa's Brady Arts District.
 Vellore Central Prison (Set up in 1830) is a prison in Vellore Tamil Nadu India.It is the largest Jail in the dist. and 2nd largest in Tamil Nadu after puzhal central prison Convicts sentenced to imprisonment are confined in the jail from various districts of the Presidency as well as from Burma. Many prisoners sentenced to transpiration by the courts of this Presidency are retained when considered physically unfit for deportation to Andaman.
 The Supreme Court Building in San Juan Puerto Rico is a Modern Movement-style building from 1955. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is a concrete building designed by Puerto Rican firm Toro-Ferrer with design consultation by Charles H. Warner Jr. and Harold Eliot Leeds. The building projects over a reflecting pool helping it to blend with the park surroundings in Luis Munoz Rivera Park.The court building was opened in 1956 with U.S.
 St James' Church Brindle is in the village of Brindle Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chorley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Garmon's Church Llanfechain is in the village of Llanfechain Powys Wales. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Llanfyllin the archdeaconry of Montgomery and the diocese of St Asaph and is designated by Cadw as a Grade II listed building. The church has historical associations with St Garmon.
 The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Passenger Station in Altamont New York which has also been known as Altamont Village Hall is a structure that was built in 1887 by the Delaware and Hudson Railroad. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It is a contributing property in the Altamont Historic District an 11-acre (4.5 ha) historic district in Guilderland New York.
 Church of Saint Mary Magdalene in Tarnobrzeg - Miechocin the oldest church in Tarnobrzeg and one of the oldest brick churches in Poland. It was made in gothic style but it was on several occasions rebuilt in different styles.
 Støren Church (Norwegian: Støren kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Støren.
 Chamchuri Square is a high-rise building complex located in Bangkok Thailand. It consists of a commercial office tower a residential tower and a podium housing a shopping mall which connects the two. Owned by Chulalongkorn University construction on the complex began in 1994 but was halted from 1996 to 2005 and later completed in 2008. With forty floors and a height of 173 metres (568 ft) the office tower is the thirty-eighth-tallest building in Thailand as of 2009.
 The Dr. James Wyatt Walton House located at 301 W. Sevier in Benton Arkansas was designed by Charles L. Thompson and was built in 1903. It has also been known as Walton House.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It was built for Dr. James Wyatt Walton the first doctor of Benton.
 The El Paso Energy Building is a 502-foot (153 m) tall skyscraper in Houston Texas. It was completed in 1963 and has 33 floors. It was originally known as the Tenneco Building. It is the 28th tallest building in the city. Because of downtown Houston's diagonal street grid all four sides of the building are exposed to the sun. The windows are recessed from the frame to control heat and glare from the sun. The footprint of the building is an exact square.
 The Royal Glamorgan Hospital (Welsh: Ysbyty Brenhinol Morgannwg) is a District General Hospital in Ynysmaerdy Talbot Green near Llantrisant Rhondda Cynon Taf South Wales.
 St Bertoline's Church Barthomley is in the village of Barthomley Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton.The church stands in the centre of the village in an elevated position on Barrow Hill which was an ancient burial ground. It was the scene of a massacre in the Civil War.
 The Franklin W. Farrer House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. An American Craftsman structure built in 1914 it was added to the register in 1989.The interior of the house originally a single-family dwelling has been converted to two apartments one on each floor. The house is locally unusual in its use of cast stone as a homebuilding material.
 Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library is located in Terre Haute Indiana. It was built in 1906 by the Modern Construction Company of Terre Haute. The building is in the Beaux Arts architectural style.The Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library played an important role in Coca-Cola history. In June 1915 Earl R. Dean and T. Clyde Edwards were dispatched to the Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library to research the ingredients of Coca-Cola.
 The National Art Museum of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Національний Художній Музей України) is a museum dedicated to Ukrainian art in Kiev Ukraine.
 St Andrew's Church Bywell is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Bywell Northumberland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Aqaba Archaeological Museum (Arabic: متحف آثار العقبة ) is the official archaeological museum of the city of Aqaba in Jordan.
 Travis House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1848 and is a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide Greek Revival–style dwelling. It sits on a raised basement and has three eyebrow windows under the molded cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Helen Witton Church Northwich is in the centre of the town of Northwich Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church is now known as St Helen's Witton or Northwich Parish Church. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich. Alec Clifton-Taylor includes it in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 The Chicago Club founded in 1869 is a private social club located at 81 East Van Buren Street at Michigan Avenue in the Loop neighborhood of Chicago Illinois in the United States. Its membership has included many of Chicago's most prominent businessmen politicians and families.
 The Octagon Building is an historic redbrick octagonal government office building in Santa Cruz California. It was built in 1882 to serve as the Santa Cruz County Hall of Records. It later became the Museum Store for the adjacent Museum of Art and History.The building is located at 118 Cooper Street at the corner of Front Street along the Pacific Garden Mall. Much of the mall was damaged during the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake but the building survived.
 The Urias Hardy House is a historic house at 50 Brown Street in Methuen Massachusetts.Urias Hardy was an overseer at the nearby Arlington Mills. The Brown Street house built in 1900 is a fine example of the large single-family home constructed during a time of rapid midde class expansion. The larger more elaborate home is in contrast to the smaller worker houses being built closer to the mills.
 Two congregations called Williamsville Christian Church exist in the United States. Onealso known as the Disciples of Christ Church is a historic Disciples of Christ church located at Williamsville in Erie County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick Italianate-style structure constructed in 1871 and remodeled in about 1900.
 The Church of Santa María de Villanueva (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María de Villanueva) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Camp Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church in Camp Arkansas. The church was built in 1878 to serve the Camp Methodist Congregation; it was constructed by local carpenters in the Plain Traditional style with Gothic Revival features. A school operated in the church building until 1914. In the 1980s church services were briefly cancelled due to the shrinking congregation; former church members rehabilitated the church in 1983 after which services began again.
 Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a historic church on LA 308 in Plattenville Louisiana.It was built in 1856 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Saturn Club is a clubhouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a Tudor Revival structure designed by the local architectural firm of Bley & Lyman and opened in 1922.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Scenic State Park is a Minnesota state park near Bigfork in Itasca County.Ten buildings and structures in the park constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the Rustic Style are included within the National Register of Historic Places. This development started in 1933 and was the first CCC state park camp to begin operating within Minnesota. The buildings of log construction received considerable acclaim from the National Park Service.
 Butts Bridge carries Butts Bridge Road (State Road 668) over the Quinebaug River in the town of Canterbury in Connecticut. It was completed in 1937 by the Fort Pitt Bridge Works company using designs by the Connecticut State Highway Department. The bridge is a single-span steel Parker truss design that typifies truss bridges of the early automotive age. It was built as part of the Highway Department's emergency relief program after the Northeast Flood of 1936.
 The Oviedo Mall (previously known as the Oviedo Marketplace) is a single-story indoor shopping mall with movie theater located in Oviedo Florida a northeastern suburb of Orlando Florida. The mall is owned by 3D Investments and managed by Urban Retail Properties LLC. It was previously owned by General Growth Properties based in Chicago Illinois which also owns the nearby Altamonte Mall. Both malls were cross-managed by the same General Manager.
 The Hat is a Southern California fast-food restaurant specializing in pastrami sandwiches. This iconic eatery once local only to the San Gabriel Valley has been offering its World Famous Pastrami to Southern California residents since 1951. Its customers consume 13 to 15 tons of pastrami per week.
 Carey's Camp was established in 1888 as a Methodist camp meeting near Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. Traditionally occupied for two weeks in August for prayer and religious instruction the camp is composed of 47 wood cabins (called tents) in an oval around a tabernacle. As with many such meeting grounds the camp is located in a grove of oaks trees. The front-gabled cabins almost touch each other. Each cabin has a window in the gable and a porch on the front.
 The Hôtel du Poët is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 The Gold Beach Ranger Station was built at Gold Beach Oregon in Siskiyou National Forest (now Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest) in 1936 by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). The ranger station comprises several structures that typify the U.S. Forest Service's design style of the time.The main structure is an 1196 square foot one-story frame office building set on a concrete foundation veneered with rubble stone. The gable features the USFS pine tree logo.
 Stoneridge Shopping Center is an upscale regional shopping mall located in Pleasanton California. The mall is managed and co-owned by Simon Property Group and is adjacent to Interstate 680.The mall is anchored by Nordstrom Macy's JCPenney and Sears.
 The Tahtali-Jami Mosque (Ukrainian: Тахтали Джамі) Crimean Tatar: Tahtalı Cami) is located in Bakhchisaray Ukraine. In Crimean Tatar: Tahtalı Cami means “wooden mosque”.
 Dawson School is an historic school building located in Tulsa Oklahoma at the intersection of East Ute Place and N. Kingston Place. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. This two room sandstone building was built in 1908 in Romanesque style. It is a surviving example of the school building boom that occurred after Oklahoma statehood in 1907. The building features an arched partial porch and semicircular windows flanking the porch.
 The Château de Rousson is a castle in the commune of Rousson in the Gard département of France.
 Mansion in Chocicza Wielka – manor house from the turn of the nineteenth and twentieth century situated in the village Chocicza Wielka located in the Wielkopolska province in the district of Września  Wrzesnia in the municipality of Wrzesnia. Manor was built for the German family von Jouanne'ów.
 Belvoir was the historic plantation and estate of colonial Virginia's prominent William Fairfax family. It was situated on the west bank of the Potomac River in Fairfax County Virginia at the present site of Fort Belvoir. The main house — called Belvoir Manor or Belvoir Mansion — burnt in 1783 and was completely destroyed during the War of 1812. The site has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973 as Belvoir Mansion Ruins and the Fairfax Grave.
 Halifax Town Hall is a grade II listed 19th century town hall in Halifax West Yorkshire England. It is notable for its design and interiors by Charles Barry and his son Edward Middleton Barry and for its sculptures by John Thomas.
 St. Laurence's Church Northfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Northfield Birmingham.
 HM Prison Eastwood Park is a women's closed category prison located in the village of Falfield in Gloucestershire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Wolfie Cohen's Rascal House was a Jewish delicatessen located at the intersection of 172nd Street and Collins Avenue in Sunny Isles Beach Florida which opened in 1954 and closed on March 30 2008. Sporting a large neon sign in the front the building was designed in the 1950s MIMO style (Miami Modern) which is common to much of the northern precincts of the Miami-area beaches.
 Candela Hotel & Residences was a planned 410-foot (120 m) tall skyscraper in Seattle Washington. Located near the historic Pike Place Market at the intersection of 2nd Avenue and Pike Street it was to have had 36 floors and a design with a smaller midsection than the top and the bottom. After the bursting of the United States housing bubble the building plans for the hotel were dropped in favor of apartments.
 The Emory Place Historic District is a historic district in Knoxville Tennessee United States located just north of the city's downtown area. The district consists of several commercial residential religious and public buildings that developed around a late nineteenth century train and trolley station. The district includes the Knoxville High School building St. John's Lutheran Church First Christian Church and some of the few surviving rowhouses in Knoxville.
 The Church of St Giles is a parish church in Willenhall Metropolitan Borough of Walsall West Midlands England. Although the current church building dates to 1867 a church has been located in Willenhall since c. 1313 where a chaplain is mentioned in one of the Paget deeds. The current parish priest is Father Andrew Welsby .
 Howard County General Hospital is a 249-bed not-for-profit health care provider located in Columbia Maryland. Benjamin Bassler exchanged 92 acres (37 ha) of his fathers 400-acre (160 ha) family farm and airfield to The Rouse Company in exchange for a 504-acre (204 ha) farm to create Haysfield Airport. The hospital was opened on July 9 1973. The hospital was an early adopter integrating psychiatric admissions with regular admissions.
 Druid Hill Park is a 745-acre (3.01 km2) urban park in northwest Baltimore Maryland. Its boundaries are marked by Druid Park Drive (north) Swann Drive and Reisterstown Road (west and south) and the Jones Falls Expressway (east). Inaugurated in 1860 Druid Hill Park ranks with Central Park (begun in 1858) in New York and Fairmount Park (1812) in Philadelphia as the oldest landscaped public parks in the United States.
 Haghartsin (Armenian: Հաղարծին) is a 13th-century monastery located near the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It was built between the 10th and 14th centuries (in the 12th under Khachatur of Taron); much of it under the patronage of the Bagratuni Dynasty.
 Fischer-Lasch Farmhouse also known as Hillwood Dairy Farm is a historic farmhouse located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1884 and is a 2 1/2 story I house style red brick dwelling in the Italianate style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Storyeum was a short-lived tourist attraction located at 142 Water Street Vancouver. Storyeum was located in the largely touristy area of the Gastown neighbourhood of Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 The Texas Technological College Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. The 110-acre (0.45 km2) district is made up of 27 contributing properties 4 non-contributing properties 1 contributing structure 1 contributing object and 1 contributing site.
 Modbury Hospital is a 174-bed acute care teaching hospital that provides inpatient outpatient and emergency services to a population of nearly 200000 people living primarily in Adelaide’s north-eastern suburbs.Modbury Hospital opened in 1973 with the Education Centre built in 1979 followed by the Woodleigh House mental health unit in 1980.
 Longland also known as the Margaret Mead Farmstead is a historic home located near Holicong in Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1845 and is a large 2 3/4-story five bay by two bay stuccoed stone dwelling. It has Greek Revival design details and features an ornate entranceway with rectangular transom and sidelights. Also on the property is a three-story stone bank barn dated to 1844. It has an attached one-story stone ell.
 West High Street Historic District in High Point North Carolina is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Lawrence Light Guard Armory is a historic armory building at 92 High Street in Medford Massachusetts. The three story granite and brick building was build in 1891 to a design by Shepley Rutan and Coolidge. The Romanesque Revival building has massive granite quoins on the corners a granite course between the first and second floors and granite lintel sections above its windows.
 Lincoln School in Huntsville Alabama is a school that was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Shinjō Castle (新庄城 Shinjō-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Shinjō northern Yamagata Prefecture Japan. Throughout most of the Edo period Shinjō Castle was home to the Tozawa clan daimyō of Shinjō Domain. The castle was also known as Numata-jō (沼田城) or Unuma-jō (鵜沼城).
 District B (of the Amoskeag Millyard) is a historic worker housing district located in Manchester New Hampshire near the former Amoskeag Manufacturing Company millyard. It is roughly bounded by Canal Mechanic Franklin and Pleasant Streets and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 12 1982.
 The Yell Masonic Lodge Hall in Carrollton Arkansas also known as Carrollton Masonic Lodge was built in 1876. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St John the Baptist's Church Blawith is a redundant Anglican church in the settlement of Blawith Cumbria England. It is located to the east of the A5084 road south of Coniston Water in the Lake District. The church is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Wat Ratchaburana (Thai: วัดราชบูรณะ) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in the Ayutthaya Historical Park Ayutthaya Thailand. The temple's main prang is one of the finest in the city. Located in the island section of Ayutthaya Wat Ratchaburana is immediately north of Wat Mahathat.
 St. Martin's Priory Richmond was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 Glen Dale Farm in Cornwall Vermont is a National Register Historic Property. Its 3.5-acre (1.4 ha) property which includes five contributing buildings was listed as Glen Dale on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.According to Mathews’ History of the Town of Cornwall Solomon Linsley settled the land that Glen Dale Farm occupies in 1774. The Town of Cornwall received its original charter from the Governor of New Hampshire dated November 3 1761.
 Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris (French pronunciation: ​[myze daʁ mɔdɛʁn də la vil də paʁi] (City of Paris' Museum of Modern Art) is a major municipal museum dedicated to Modern and Contemporary art of the 20th and 21st centuries. It is located at 11 Avenue du Président Wilson in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.The Museum is one of the 14 City of Paris' Museums that have been incorporated since January 1st 2013 in the public institution Paris Musées.
 Second Baptist Church Houston is a megachurch in Houston Texas USA affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention that has a membership of over 63000. Its senior pastor is Dr.
 Stoney Street Baptist Chapel is a former Baptist Church on Plumptre Place Road in Nottingham. It is a Grade II listed building. Later it served as St. Mary's Schools and the as a commercial premises.
 Leeds Minster or the Minster and Parish Church of Saint Peter-at-Leeds formerly Leeds Parish Church in Leeds West Yorkshire is a large Church of England foundation of major architectural and liturgical significance. It is dedicated to Saint Peter and was the Parish Church of Leeds before becoming a Minster in 2012. It has been designated a grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 St Lawrence's Church in Denton (grid reference SJ92639506) is a timber framed church and a Grade II* listed building; it is one of only 29 surviving timber framed churches and chapels in England. The chapelry of Denton was established in 1531 with the construction of the chapel of ease then Roman Catholic in the Diocese of Lichfield and dedicated to St James.The church was rededicated to St Lawrence in 1839 and became a parish church in 1854.
 Collen Brook Farm also known as Collenbrook is a historic home and associated buildings located at Upper Darby Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The complex includes three contributing buildings: a farmhouse a granite spring house (c. 1782) and stone and frame carriage house (c. 1870). The house is a 2 1/2-story vernacular stone residence with a Georgian plan and consisting of three sections. The oldest section was built around 1700 with additions made in 1774 and 1794.
 The University Auditorium originally known as the Memorial Auditorium and sometimes called the University of Florida Auditorium is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida in the United States.It was designed by William Augustus Edwards in the Collegiate Gothic style and was built between 1922-1924. It was restored and expanded in 1977 by architect James McGinley.
 St. Michael the Archangel Ukrainian Catholic Church is a Ukrainian Catholic church of located in Baltimore Maryland. It was founded to serve the needs of the Ukrainian immigrant community in Baltimore.
 Clay Hall is a mid-twentieth century women’s dormitory located on the campus of Northern Oklahoma College in Enid Oklahoma that has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2012. Architect Roy W. Shaw designed it for Phillips University in 1941. The building was named after Robert Henry Clay the husband of Sadie Clay who had given a $25000 donation to the project. A cornerstone ceremony was held on October 9 1941.
 The Ten Broeck Mansion in Albany New York was built in 1797. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. A decade later it was included as a contributing property to the Arbor Hill Historic District–Ten Broeck Triangle when that neighborhood was listed on the Register.
 Seattle City Hall (also known as the Seattle Municipal Building) is located in downtown Seattle Washington between 4th Avenue and 5th Avenue. The building houses the offices of the Seattle City Council and the Mayor of Seattle. Most city departments are located in the nearby Seattle Municipal Tower. In 2003 the Seattle city government moved into a new green city hall building.
 St Edburgha's Church (also known as Old Yardley Church) is a parish church in the Yardley area of Birmingham England. It is a Grade I listed building and a part of the Old Yardley conservation area.
 Westmont Historic District is a national historic district located at Westmont in Cambria County Pennsylvania. The district includes 430 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in a predominantly residential area of eastern Westmont. The dwellings are in a variety of late-19th and early-20th-century architectural styles including Colonial Revival Queen Anne and Arts and Crafts styles.
 The George H. Williams Townhouses commonly known as The Lawn apartments located in northwest Portland Oregon United States are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The three-unit townhouse structure was built for and originally owned by George Henry Williams a former United States Attorney General United States Senator (for Oregon) and Oregon Supreme Court Chief Justice. Later Williams also served as mayor of Portland.
 St. Vincent de Paul Church is a Roman Catholic church in Perryville Missouri.
 Overlook also known as the Burrell Mansion is a historic home located at Little Falls in Herkimer County New York. It was designed by noted architect Archimedes Russell (1840 - 1915) and built about 1889 for industrialist and inventor David H. Burrell (1841-1919). It is a three story asymmetrical masonry building. It features three full height towers two rounded with conical roofs and one polygonal.
 East Center City Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located in the Washington Square neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It encompasses 287 contributing buildings that includes a mix of large and small commercial buildings banks hotels newspapers clubs and restaurants. Notable buildings include the Curtis Publishing Co.
 The Man in the Sea Museum is located at 17314 Panama City Beach Parkway Panama City Beach Florida. It has exhibits and documents related to the history of diving.
 The Hamilton County Courthouse is located in downtown Cincinnati Ohio and contains the Hamilton County Common Pleas Court the Municipal Court Small Claims Court and the Clerk of Courts offices.The present courthouse is the fourth courthouse constructed on the site. The second courthouse was destroyed in the Cincinnati riots of 1884.The Hamilton County Courthouse is connected to the county jail the Hamilton County Justice Center via a skybridge.
 The Elm Street Fire House is a historic fire house at 24 Elm Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was Southbridge's second fire house (after the Globe Village Fire House) to be built in the 1890s. It was designed by Worcester architect George H. Clemence whose previous commissions included some of that city's fire houses.
 The Halifax County Home and Tubercular Hospital near Halifax North Carolina was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included nine contributing buildings two contributing sites and one contributing structure. It includes Classical Revival architecture and work by architects Benton & Benton.
 Our Lady of Lourdes is a Roman Catholic church in Toronto Canada. It is located on Sherbourne Street just south of Bloor.
 The current Hereford Cathedral located at Hereford in England dates from 1079. Its most famous treasure is Mappa Mundi a mediaeval map of the world dating from the 13th century. The cathedral is a Grade I listed building.
 The Grand Lake St. Marys Lighthouse also known as the Northwoods Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse on Grand Lake St. Marys a reservoir in the far western part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located east of the city of Celina in Mercer County the lighthouse was built in 1923 using a plan modelled after the Eddystone Lighthouse off the coast of Cornwall in the United Kingdom.A predominately concrete structure the lighthouse rests on a stone foundation.
 Welcome Horton Farm is a historic farmhouse at 122 Martin Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts USA.The farm was built in 1750 and was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Heck-Andrews House was finished in 1870 and was one of the first houses in Raleigh North Carolina to be constructed after the American Civil War. The architectural design is of French influence and is called Second Empire that became popular after 1865. It is located on 309 North Blount Street. It was created by G.S.H. Appleget for Mrs. Mattie Heck the wife of Colonel Jonathan McGee Heck. It is on the National Register of Raleigh Historic Property.
 The Rultand United Brethren in Christ Meeting House and Cemetery is located in Rutland Wisconsin. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 for its religious significance.
 HM Prison Swinfen Hall is a Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the village of Swinfen (near Lichfield) in Staffordshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Elgin Tower Building originally the Home Banks Building is a historic office building in downtown Elgin Illinois. The tower is 186 feet tall and 15 stories. It was built in 1929 to house the Home National Bank and Home National Savings and Trust. Though initially successful the Great Depression devastated the bank only months later. The tower was again prosperous following World War II when demand for Elgin goods increased.
 Saint Patrick's Church is a Catholic parish located at 4330 St. Patrick Drive in Iowa City Iowa. The church is part of the Diocese of Davenport. The parish was formally located at 228 East Court Street near downtown Iowa City before its church building was destroyed by a tornado in 2006.
 St. Mary Magdalen Church Rectory and Cemetery is a historic Roman Catholic church at Pere Megret and Main Street in Abbeville Louisiana.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Allegheny High School in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The building is now the Pittsburgh Allegheny 6-8 a magnet school located in the North Side.
 The Central Synagogue (Congregation Ahavath Chesed) is located at 652 Lexington Avenue on the corner of E 55th Street Manhattan New York City New York. Built in 1872 in the Moorish Revival style as a copy of Budapest's Dohány Street Synagogue it pays homage to the Jewish existence in Moorish Spain. It has been in continuous use by a congregation longer than any other in the city.
 William H. Martin House in Hot Springs Arkansas was designed by noted architect Frank W. Gibb in 1904 and built in the same year. It includes Colonial Revival and Classical Revival architectural elements. It is an imposing building with a two-story front portico with four Corinthian style pillars. When built it was on the outskirts of Hot Springs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Christ the Redeemer of Maratea (Italian: Cristo Redentore di Maratea) is a statue of Jesus Christ in Maratea southern Italy realized in Carrara's marble in 1965 by Bruno Innocenti a sculptor from Florence.
 The Fairbanks House (also known as the Maj. George R. Fairbanks House) is a historic site in Fernandina Beach Florida. It was built in 1885 for George Rainsford Fairbanks. R. S. Schuyler was the building's architect. It is located at 227 South 7th Street. On June 4 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It operates as a Bed & Breakfast. Built as a surprise for his wife it was reported not to have gone over well and became known as Fairbanks Folly.
 Florida Gymnasium (commonly known as Florida Gym) is a historic building located on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida. Design work was begun by university architect Rudolph Weaver during World War II and completed by his successor Guy Fulton. It replaced the old University Gymnasium built in 1915 which then became the Women's Gymnasium.
 Southland Mall is a major shopping mall in Hayward California owned and managed by Rouse Properties after General Growth Properties spun off the mall and some of its other properties to form Rouse in 2012. The mall is primarily a single-level structure with a small lower level beneath anchor retailer JC Penney and free standing restaurants in the outlying parking areas. The center is located off I-880 at Winton Avenue at the western end of the city.
 Saint Augustine's University Historic Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel located on the campus of St. Augustine's University in Raleigh North Carolina. The chapel was built with the patronage of the Episcoapl Church Freemen's Bureau in 1895 near downtown Raleigh on the campus of St. Augustine's College. It is one of the oldest buildings on the campus of St. Augustine's and has been designated as a Raleigh Historic Landmark.
 The U.S. Post Office in Demopolis Alabama is a historic post office. It was built in 1914 in a Jeffersonian Neoclassical style. The facade is granite and brick with five arched bays the three central bays feature Palladian windows. The roof line is crowned with a vasiform balustrade. The interior is marble. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1984 due to its architectural significance.
 The Kaohsiung Harbor Museum (Chinese: 高雄港港史館; pinyin: Gāoxióng Gǎng Gǎngshǐguǎn) is a museum in Gushan District Kaohsiung Taiwan dedicated to the preservation of artifacts on the development of Port of Kaohsiung.
 Golden Rock Shandy (Tamil: பொன்மலை சந்தை) is a market square at Golden Rock Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu India.
 All Saint's Anglican Cathedral is the cathedral serving the Anglican Diocese of Edmonton which covers central Alberta. It serves as the episcopal seat of the Bishop of Edmonton currently the Right Reverend Jane Alexander.
 Southtown Center is a shopping mall that is half outside and half inside. This shopping mall competes with the Mall of America which is about three miles away.
 Saint Thomas' Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church in Eastover South Carolina.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The World Trade Center of Grenoble (WTC G) is one of the 12 World Trade Centers in France and one of 330 WTCs in the world. It is located in the heart of the Europole district of Grenoble. It is certified by the World Trade Centers Association (WTCA) since 1988. The Silver Certification has been given since 2008 corresponding to the new certification expectancies.
 400 South Tyron formally called the Wachovia Center is a skyscraper in Charlotte center city North Carolina. When it was being built there were rumors that the developer intended to add ten more floors to pass Bank of America Plaza and become the tallest building in Charlotte. It is now the 11th tallest building.
 The National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA) (simplified Chinese: 国家大剧院; traditional Chinese: 國家大劇院; pinyin: Guójiā dà jùyuàn; literally: National Grand Theatre) and colloquially described as The Giant Egg (巨蛋) is an opera house in Beijing People's Republic of China. The Centre an ellipsoid dome of titanium and glass surrounded by an artificial lake seats 5452 people in three halls and is almost 12000 m² in size. It was designed by French architect Paul Andreu.
 'Ksan is a historical village and living museum of the Gitxsan people in the Skeena Country of northwestern British Columbia Canada located near Hazelton at the confluence of the Skeena and Bulkley Rivers.
 The Capri Theatre is a cinema in Goodwood a suburb of Adelaide South Australia built in the Art Deco style.It is owned by the Theatre Organ Society of Australia (South Australian Division) Inc which bills the cinema as a Unique Entertainment Showplace in the World.A feature of the cinema is the Wurlitzer theatre organ which is used regularly for recitals as well as an entertainment feature supporting the screening of films.Several times a year the cinema presents Nostalgia Movie Nights when popular classic films are shown in a programme with supporting short films a newsreel and nostalgic advertising.
 Brick Block is a historic block on Main Street and Chatham Bars Road in Chatham Massachusetts.The block was built in 1914 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979.
 The Nikola Tesla Museum (Serbian: Музеј Николе Тесле / Muzej Nikole Tesle) is dedicated to honoring and displaying the life and work of Nikola Tesla. It is located in the central area of Belgrade Serbia. It holds more than 160000 original documents over 2000 books and journals over 1200 historical technical exhibits over 1500 photographs and photo plates of original technical objects instruments and apparatus and over 1000 plans and drawings.
 Phoenix Mill Farm historically known as Mill Run Farm is a historic home located in Dickens Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick structure showing Greek Revival style influences built about 1845. It has a gable roof and double flush chimneys. On the property is the site of Smouse Mill. The home was erected for John Jacob Smouse who operated the mill.The Phoenix Mill Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Art Museum of the Americas (AMA) is an art museum located in Washington D.C. primarily devoted to exhibiting works of modern and contemporary art from Latin America and the Caribbean. The museum was formally established in 1976 by the Organization of American States (OAS).
 for the SSSI in Powys see Pwll-y-wrach.Pwll-y-Wrach or Pwyllywrach is a historic manor house to the east of Colwinston Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. The house and its Western garden house and Eastern garden house are all listed as Grade II listed buildings in their own right.
 The Goose River Bridge was a Pratt through truss bridge over the Goose River near Hillsboro North Dakota that was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was delisted from the National Register on March 25 2009.
 The Savoy-Plaza Hotel was a towering iconic hotel overlooking Central Park at Fifth Avenue and 59th Street in New York City New York. It opened in 1927 and was demolished in 1965.
 The Providence Tower was a 57-floor tower approved in 2005 for construction in the Dubai International Financial Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The project was to be completed in 2008 but was abandoned by the developer due to lack of funding.
 Bonar Hall is an 1839-40 Georgian-style house in Madison Georgia one of the first of the grand-style homes built during the town's cotton-boom heyday 1840-60. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The 2-story brick townhouse was built by John Byne Walker an early Morgan county pioneer and his heiress bride Eliza Fannin half-sister of a war hero James W.
 Campbell Chapel AME Church is a historic church at 715 Atchison Street in Atchison Kansas.It was built in 1878 and added to National Register in 2003.
 Morven is a historic home located near Cartersville Cumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1820 and is a two-story three bay central hall plan brick dwelling in the Federal style. The property was used by as a retreat for the Harrison and Randolph families until 1870.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Mount Sterling Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building near the junction of Choctaw County Road 43 and Choctaw County Road 27 in the rural community of Mount Sterling Alabama.The church was completed in a simple Greek Revival-style in 1859 when the community was a prosperous antebellum town. The one-story frame building was used for church services up until the 1970s when the congregation could no longer afford to maintain it.
 Toruń Regional Museum (Polish: Muzeum Okręgowe w Toruniu) located in the Ratusz hall of Toruń is one of the oldest and largest museums in Poland. It started in 1594 as the mere Cabinet of Curiosities at the library of the academic Gimnazjum called Musaeum in Latin. Re-established in sovereign Poland as a city museum in 1920 after the century of military partitions it was administratively structured as the regional museum in 1965.
 St Stephen's Church Gateacre is in Belle Vale Road Gateacre Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with those of Christ Church Netherley and St Mark Childwall Valley to form the Gateacre Team. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Old Main also known as the Livingston C. Lord Administration Building is the oldest building at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston Illinois. Construction on the building began in 1896 and was completed in 1899. Architect George H. Miller designed the building which has a medieval style resembling a castle. The building features a central tower multiple turrets and a crenellated roof line.
 The Masonic Temple in Pendleton Oregon is a historic building constructed in 1887. It was originally built as a meeting hall for Pendleton Lodge (a local Masonic lodge) with commercial space on the ground floor to help offset the cost of maintaining the meeting hall. It was listed on the listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Since its listing the lodge had moved to a new building.
 The Lewellen State Aid Bridge near Lewellen Nebraska is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge that was built in 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Along with the Lisco State Aid Bridge it is one of two surviving multiple-span State Aid bridges in Nebraska out of eight constructed. It has seven 100-foot-long riveted Pratt ponies ... supported by 50-foot long 8-inch Bethlehem H-piles encased in concrete.
 The Kincaid Towers is a 22-floor high-rise in Lexington Kentucky. It is located along Vine Street between Broadway and Mill Street. Its exterior is polished buff concrete with blue tinted glass with terraces on the 5th 10th 14th and 21st floor. It has a three-story atrium and a skywalk that connects to the adjacent Hyatt Regency Hotel and Lexington Center. It is named after Garvice Delmar Kincaid.
 The Sugarloaf Key Bat Tower also known as the Perky Bat Tower is a historic site in Monroe County Florida United States. It is located a mile northwest of U.S. Route 1 on Lower Sugarloaf Key at mile marker 17. On May 13 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Built in 1700 the Pond-Weed House is located on the corner of the old Boston Post Road and Hollow Tree Ridge Road in the Noroton section of Darien Connecticut. It has also been known as The House Under the Hill and Half-Way House. The house is a classic saltbox and is considered to be the oldest building extant in Darien. The house has a stone central chimney and is a private residence.
 Pharo House also known as The Pratt House is a historic home located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1885 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay L-shaped frame dwelling with a steep gable roof. It has a one-story flat roofed addition on the ell added in the 1940s. It features two four-window bays that project from the main block and a full width front porch.
 The ÇOMÜ Hospital (more commonly referred to as Çanakkale University Hospital) is the biggest research and teaching hospital in the Western Marmara region of Turkey which serves the area of north Aegaen and South-West Marmara regions.The current President & CEO is Dr. Murat Coşar.
 Chaumont House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built between 1806 and 1820 and consists of a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay Federal style main block of limestone with a 1 1⁄2-story three-by-two-bay lateral wood-frame wing. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Fox Theatre (often marketed as the Fabulous Fox) a former movie palace is a performing arts venue located at 660 Peachtree Street NE in Midtown Atlanta Georgia and is the centerpiece of the Fox Theatre Historic District.The theater was originally planned as part of a large Shrine Temple as evidenced by its Moorish design. The 4678 seat auditorium was ultimately developed as a lavish movie theater in the Fox Theatres chain and opened in 1929.
 Cobleskill Historic District is a national historic district located at Cobleskill in Schoharie County New York. The district includes 180 contributing buildings and eight contributing sites. It encompasses a commercial area several residential streets churches an old school a railroad and a fairgrounds. The area includes a small stream that runs through a park containing a millpond. The focal point of the community is the 1874 Hotel Augustan now used for commercial purposes.
 The Dwight-Henderson House is a historic house at 390 Main Street in Great Barrington Massachusetts. It is the second oldest house in Great Barrington built in 1759 for Joseph Dwight a brigadier in the colonial militia by local builder Daniel Allen. The saltbox home was originally built into a slope and had three stories on the front and one in the rear. The house as been moved twice but remains within 200 feet (61 m) of its original site.
 The Verdala Palace is the official summer residence of the President of Malta. It was built by Grandmaster Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle in 1586 on the site of a hunting lodge previously owned by Grandmaster Jean Parisot de Valette. The palace is known for its surrounding boschetto which is a large semi-landscaped area that was used by the Knights of Malta for game hunting. The palace was embellished over the years by Grandmaster Giovanni Paolo Lascaris and Grandmaster Manoel de Vilhena.
 Emmanuel Church Wylde Green is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Wylde Green Birmingham.
 The Brittany Apartment Building is a historic apartment building in downtown Cincinnati Ohio United States. A Queen Anne structure constructed in 1885 it is a six-story rectangular structure with a flat roof built with brick walls and elements of wood and sandstone. It was built by the firm of Thomas Emery's Sons Cincinnati's leading real estate developers during the 1880s.
 The Friedrichswerder Church (German: Friedrichswerdersche Kirche French: Temple du Werder) was the first Neo-Gothic church built in Berlin Germany.
 City Park is an urban park and neighborhood in Denver Colorado. The park is 330 acres (130 ha) and is located in east-central Denver. The park contains the Denver Zoo the Denver Museum of Nature and Science Ferril and Duck Lakes and a boathouse. City Park is also the name of the neighborhood that contains the park though the park is the vast majority of the neighborhood. To the immediate north of the park is the City Park Golf Course.
 The Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ (Serbian: Саборни Храм Христовог Васкрсења or Saborni Hram Hristovog Vaskrsenja) in Podgorica Montenegro is a cathedral of the Metropolitanate of Montenegro and the Littoral of the Serbian Orthodox Church construction of which began in 1993.
 Burg Baiersdorf is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Emet v'Shalom was established in 1963 by a group of people mainly immigrants from Germany and Central Europe who sought a more liberal form of Judaism in Nahariya. Emet v'Shalom is one of the oldest Reform Judaism communities in Israel and is now the only non- Orthodox synagogue in Nahariya.
 The Bank of Sparks at 948 Victorian Ave. in Sparks Nevada is a historic building that was built in 1905 with International Style architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007; the listing included two contributing buildings.
 The City Temple is a Nonconformist church on Holborn Viaduct in London most famous as the preaching place of the 20th century liberal theologian Leslie Weatherhead. Other notable preachers have included Thomas Goodwin and Joseph Parker.The first church building on the present site was built in 1874. The congregation was founded much earlier; the traditional date is 1640 but some evidence suggests it was founded as early the 1560s by the Puritans.
 The Great Synagogue of Stockholm (Swedish: Stockholms stora synagoga Hebrew: בית הכנסת הגדול של שטוקהולם‎) is located on the small street Wahrendorffsgatan close to the park Kungsträdgården on Norrmalm Stockholm and was built 1867-1870 according to designs made in 1862 by the architect Fredrik Wilhelm Scholander. The building has been called a paraphrase over Oriental motifs (Nordisk familjebok 26 col. 1470 [1]) and it is listed in the Swedish registry of national historical buildings.
 Phoenix Island Villa Condo & Club House is an ocean resort complex located in Seopjikoji on the eastern coast of Jeju Island. Glass House designed by Tadao Ando houses the Parang-i gallery. Ando also designed Genius Loci home of the resort’s meditation hall and media art zone. Mario Botta designed the glass pyramid-shaped Club House Agora.
 Pottsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1913 and is a brick T-plan building consists of a two-story administration building with a 1 1/2-story rear drill hall with an arched roof. It is executed in a combined Romanesque Revival / Late Gothic Revival style. The front elevation features a three-story central tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St. Aloysius of Gonzaga Church is a Roman Catholic church in Nashua New Hampshire United States. The church is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manchester New Hampshire.
 Seven Stories the national centre for children's Books in the United Kingdom is based in the Ouseburn Valley Newcastle upon Tyne close to the city's newly regenerated quayside. The centre takes its name from the theory[citation needed] that there are only seven basic plots in literature and the fact that the renovated Victorian mill in which it is housed has seven levels.
 The Keefer Covered Bridge No. 7 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Liberty Township near Washingtonville in Montour County Pennsylvania. It is a 78 foot long Burr Truss bridge built in 1853. It has a square opening; rare for covered bridges in Pennsylvania. It crosses Chillisquaque Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Fort King George was a fort located in the U.S. state of Georgia. The fort was built in 1721 along the Altamaha River and served as the southernmost outpost of the British Empire in the Americas until 1727. The fort was constructed in what was then considered part of the colony of South Carolina but was territory later settled as Georgia. It was part of a defensive line intended to encourage settlement along the colony's southern frontier from the Savannah River to the Altamaha River.
 St. Benedict's Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Nebraska City Nebraska United States. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. The church was founded in 1856 and is the oldest brick church in the state of Nebraska. The church's address is 411 5th Rue Nebraska City Nebraska.
 Braunstein's Building is a historic commercial building located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It consists of two buildings built about 1900 and combined in 1924 as a single unit. The building at 704 is a four-story two bay brick commercial building and the buildings at 706 is a four-story three bay brick commercial building.
 Biologiska museet is a museum located in Djurgården in Stockholm. It exhibits a collection of stuffed European birds and mammals in dioramas. Some of the diorama backgrounds were created by artist Bruno Liljefors known for his dramatic paintings of Scandinavian wildlife. The museum was built in 1893after a design by architect Agi Lindegren who was inspired by medieval Norwegian stave churches.
 Aristotelous Square (Greek: Πλατεία Αριστοτέλους IPA: [plaˈtia aristoˈtelus] Aristotle Square) is the main city square of Thessaloniki Greece and is located on Nikis avenue (on the city's waterfront) in the city center. It was designed by French architect Ernest Hébrard in 1918 but most of the square was built in the 1950s.
 The Central House at Mile 128 on the Steese Highway in Central Alaska is a log structure that was built in 1926 by Riley Erickson and John Stade replacing an 1894 log and sod structure that was burned in a 1925 fire. It served as a roadhouse restaurant and hotel and it has also been known as AHRS Site No. CIR-001 and as Erickson & Stade's.
 Saint Laurence's Church is one of three Church of England parish churches in the benefice of Upton-cum-Chalvey and is the oldest building in the borough of Slough in Berkshire England.In the 12th century the wooden parish church[citation needed] of Upton was replaced with a flint building. The tower and outside walls of the Norman building form part of the present church. Several of the walls are built of pudding stone.
 F.D. Crockett is a Poquoson-style Chesapeake Bay log-built deck boat built in 1924 in Dare Virginia by Alexander Gaines. The length of the boat is 62.8 feet. overall 55.8 foot keel length with a beam of 15.7 feet and draft of 4.6 feet. The gross tonnage is 28 net tonnage 16. The F.D. Crockett was built primarily for freight hauling and the buying and transporting of produce. She is presently ported at the Deltaville Maritime Museum near Deltaville Virginia.
 The Ackerhurst-Eipperhurst Dairy Barn is located at 15220 Military Road near Bennington Nebraska United States. Built in 1935 by Adolf Otte in the Gambrel (also known as Dutch Gambrel) style the Barn was designated a Landmark by the City of Omaha Landmarks Heritage Preservation Commission on March 5 2002 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places later that month.
 The Newton City Hall and War Memorial is an historic city hall and war memorial building located at 1000 Commonwealth Avenue in the village of Newton Centre in Newton Massachusetts.
 Zeta Psi Fraternity House is a historic fraternity house located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. The house was built by the Tau Chapter Zeta Psi fraternity associated with Lafayette College. It was built in 1909-1910 and is a 2 1/2 story nine bay wide rock-faced granite building with a dormered hipped roof. It features a heavy eave cornice prominent chimney stacks and projecting facade pavilions.
 Unionville Historic District is a national historic district located at Unionville Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes 173 contributing buildings and 3 contributing sites in the central business district and surrounding residential area of Unionville. The buildings are primarily residential and date as early as 1848 and include a number of plan I-pan houses and other vernacular or folk house types.
 Sydenham Hospital for Communicable Diseases also known as Montebello State Hospital or Montebello State Chronic Disease Hospital was a hospital and is a national historic district in Baltimore Maryland United States.
 California State Prison Los Angeles County (LAC) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Lancaster in Los Angeles County California. The first and only state prison located in the county it is also referenced as Los Angeles County State Prison CSP-Los Angeles County. Only occasionally is the prison referred to as Lancaster State Prison which was particularly avoided in 1992 partly to ease the stigma for Lancaster.
 The Long Plain School is a historic school building at 1203 Main Street in Acushnet Massachusetts. The two story wood frame building was built in 1875 to a design by New Bedford architect Caleb Hammond. Basically rectangular in plan the building has a hip roof and a projecting central pavilion that rises to a fully pedimented gable and is topped by a Gothic style turret. Entries to the building are on the sides of this projecting pavilion.
 The Dan Bradley House in Marcellus New York was built in 1804 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Dan Bradley was a pastor and judge and his son Dan Beach Bradley was a 19th century medical missionary to Thailand.
 The Pinnacle (formerly the Bishopsgate Tower) is a skyscraper in London whose construction began in 2008 but is currently on hold subject to approval of a re-design.
 St Mary's Church Lowdham is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Lowdham.
 Baynard's Castle refers to buildings on two neighbouring sites in London between where Blackfriars station and St Paul's Cathedral now stand. The first was a Norman fortification constructed by Ralph Baynard and demolished by King John in 1213. The second was a medieval palace built a short distance to the southeast and destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666. According to Sir Walter Besant There was no house in [London] more interesting than this.
 West Whiteland Inn is a historic inn and tavern located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections. The older sections dates to the 18th century and is a two-story three bay single pile stone structure. About 1825 it was enlarged with the addition of a 2 1/2-story double pile Georgian style stone addition. Also on the property is a contributing former stone stable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Beale Street is a street in Downtown Memphis Tennessee which runs from the Mississippi River to East Street a distance of approximately 1.8 miles (2.9 km). It is a significant location in the city's history as well as in the history of the blues. Today the blues clubs and restaurants that line Beale Street are major tourist attractions in Memphis. Festivals and outdoor concerts periodically bring large crowds to the street and its surrounding areas.
 County and City Hall also known as Erie County Hall is a historic city hall and courthouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a monumental granite structure designed by noted Rochester architect Andrew Jackson Warner (1833–1910) and constructed between 1871 and 1875. The building has three floors and features a large seven story clock tower. It originally held offices for the City of Buffalo and Erie County.
 The Château de Tiffauges is a medieval castle situated in the French commune of Tiffauges in the Vendée département. The castle is also known as the château de Barbe-bleue (Bluebeard's castle) after its most famous resident Gilles de Rais known as Barbe-bleue. It was here that Bluebeard perpetrated his atrocities.
 Menge House Complex is a historic home located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a 2 1⁄2-story asymmetrically massed Queen Anne–style frame on a stone foundation. It features an engaged corner tower with a pyramidal roof. Also on the property is a carriage house/garage woodshed and a stone and wrought iron arched gate bearing the name Menge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Elm Hill Farm Historic District is a historic district on East Main Street east of the junction with Brookfield Road in Brookfield Massachusetts. The major contributing element to the district is the Elm Hill Farm complex one of the largest and most significant farms in the town for more than 100 years.
 The old First Baptist Church built in the 1920s is an historic redbrick Southern Baptist church building located on East Wade Street at Northeast 2nd Street in Trenton Gilchrist County Florida. It was built with a raised main floor so that its basement could have full size above ground windows. The church plant has been expanded behind it to the north and to the east.
 Dharma Field Zen Center (Dharma Field Meditation and Learning Center) is a Zen Buddhist community that offers daily meditation sesshins Sunday morning Dharma talks and a large web archive.A multi-year curriculum explores the foundation studies of Buddha Nagarjuna Dōgen and the wisdom teachings of the Mahayana.[citation needed]Senior Dharma teachers Steve Hagen and Norm Randolph are Dharma heirs of Dainin Katagiri.
 The Dal-Tex Building is a seven story office building located at 501 Elm Street in the West End Historic District of downtown Dallas Texas. The building is located on the northeast corner of Elm and North Houston Streets across the street from the Texas School Book Depository in Dealey Plaza the scene of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy on November 22 1963.
 The John Stang House at 629 Columbus Ave. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1922. It was designed and/or built by George Feick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ocean Two (sometimes styled O2) is a skyscraper in the Costa del Este district of Panama City Panama. Construction of the 73 story 273 m building began in 2006 and was completed in 2010. For 2010 it was the second tallest building in Costa del Este after The Point and is currently ranked ninth.Construction was led by architects Pinzón Lozano & Asociados. The facade matches the smaller building Ocean One standing 207 m.
 The BBC Television Centre at White City in West London was the headquarters of BBC Television between 1960 and 2013. Officially opened on 29 June 1960 it is one of the most readily recognisable facilities of its type having appeared as the backdrop for many BBC programmes. Parts of the building are Grade II listed including the central ring and Studio 1.
 Jan Van Hoesen House is an early-18th-century house in New York State. Driving northeast on NY 66 from Hudson to Chatham just east of Claverack Creek stands sentinel a vacant medieval-looking brick structure over the Dutch Acres Mobile Home Park.
 Korsnes Church (Norwegian: Korsnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Korsnes. The church is part of the Korsnes parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1791. It seats about 80 people.
 The Marshall House is a house in Schuylerville New York listed on the National Register of Historic Places for both its place in American history and its architectural significance.
 The Ximenez-Fatio House is a historic property used as a boarding house in the Florida Territory period. The museum is located at 20 Aviles Street in St. Augustine Florida. It is owned and operated by the National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in the State of Florida. On July 25 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Ximenez-Fatio House Museum is one of St. Augustine's oldest historic properties.
 Donahue Building is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Joost Van Nuyse House also known as the Ditmas Coe House is a historic home located in Flatlands Brooklyn New York New York. The original section was built in 1744 and enlarged between 1793 and 1806. It was moved to its present site in 1925. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame house with a steeply pitched flared roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Anderston Centre (originally styled as the Anderston Cross Commercial Centre but now officially branded as Cadogan Square) is a mixed-use commercial and residential complex and former bus station located in the Anderston area of Glasgow Scotland.
 William Syphax School now known as Syphax Village is an historic structure located in the Southwest Quadrant of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Fachtna Ross is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Rosscarbery County Cork in Ireland. It is in the ecclesiastical province of Dublin.Previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Ross it is now one of three cathedrals in the United Dioceses of Cork Cloyne and Ross.
 The Freemason's Hall on Fiennes Street Toodyay Western Australia was built in 1879.It was built on land donated by Charles Marris for the purpose of building a temple for the Temperance movement (International Organisation of Good Templars). The Templars used the place and it was also the venue for Methodist Church services until 1898. In 1899 the Rev E Holliday purchased the building for the Freemasons.
 Breed Street Shul also known as Congregation Talmud Torah of Los Angeles or Breed Street Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in the Boyle Heights section of Los Angeles California. It was the largest Orthodox synagogue in the western United States from 1915 to 1951 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Springfield Mill also known as the Piper-Streeper Mill is a historic gristmill located along the Wissahickon Creek in Erdenheim Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It is a building on the Bloomfield Farm tract now part of Morris Arboretum.It was built in 1854 and is a 3 1/2-story stone and frame mill building measuring 35 feet 3 inches by 40 feet 8 inches. The mill was built on the foundations of an earlier mill built in 1761.
 The Hong Fa Temple (Chinese: 宏法寺; pinyin: Hóngfǎ Sì) is a temple in Xinxing District Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 Burg Ottenstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 St George's was built for use as a church in the Clifton area of Bristol England between 1821 and 1823 by the architect Sir Robert Smirke who designed it in the Greek Revival style.
 The Old Central High School is a historic school building at 99 2nd Street in Pittsfield Massachusetts. One of the most architecturally elaborate school buildings in the city it was completed in 1898 at a cost of $200000 well over the $135000 it had been estimated to cost and occupies a prominent position on the historic town common (although its address is now on 2nd Street).
 Kant-Garage also known in German as Kant-Garagen-Palast (Kant Parking Palace) is a multi-storey car park on Kantstrasse in the Charlottenburg area of Berlin that opened in 1930. The first multi-level parking garage in Berlin and considered to be one of few existing examples of industrial Bauhaus architecture it is registered as an historic building and is still used for car parking although its future is in doubt.
 St. Paul's Church Rectory located a block west of Old St. Paul's Episcopal Church (formerly Protestant Episcopal) is a historic Episcopal rectory located on steep Cathedral Hill at the northeast corner of Cathedral Street (which merges with Liberty Street which becomes Hopkins Place and Sharp Street further south) and West Saratoga Streets in Baltimore Maryland United States.
 The Germanisches Nationalmuseum is a museum in Nuremberg Germany. Founded in 1852 it houses a large collection of items relating to German culture and art extending from prehistoric times through to the present day.
 Hnevank (Armenian: Հնեվանք; meaning Old Monastery Georgian: ძელი ჭეშმარიტი) is a 7th-12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery located near the village of Kurtan in the Lori Province of Armenia. The monastery is situated on a hill within a gorge near where the Dzoraget and Gargar rivers join.The monastery was entirely rebuilt by lord Smbat of the House of Orbelian a branch of the Liparitids who were expelled to Armenia in the late 12th century from Georgia.
 Intersection for the Arts established in 1965 is the oldest alternative non-profit art space in San Francisco California. Intersection's reading series is the longest continuous reading series outside of an academic institution in the state of California.Intersection produces and presents new and experimental work in the fields of literature theater music and the visual arts. Intersection's artists regularly provide classes and workshops to the local community.
 Richard H. Mandel House is a historic home located at Bedford Hills Westchester County New York. It was designed by noted architect Edward Durell Stone and built between 1933 and 1935 in the International style. It is a Z-shaped building sited overlooking the Croton Reservoir. It is a two story concrete block steel frame and stucco building with a partial basement recessed into the sloping site.
 Gibson Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church on S. Bayou Black Drive in Gibson Louisiana.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) is the premier art gallery under Ministry of Culture Government of India. The main museum at Jaipur House in New Delhi was established on March 29 1954 by the Government of India with subsequent branches at Mumbai and Bangalore.
 The Jewel Box (also known as the St. Louis Floral Conservatory and the City of St. Louis Floral Display House) is a greenhouse located in Forest Park St. Louis Missouri. It now serves as a public horticultural facility and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).It was designed by architect William C. E. Becker and built in 1936 by the Robert Paulus Construction Company.
 Eskimo Joe's is a restaurant and bar located at 501 W. Elm in Stillwater Oklahoma.
 The Hermitage of El Rocío (Spanish: Ermita del Rocío or Ermita de El Rocío) is a hermitage at El Rocío in the countryside of Almonte Province of Huelva Andalusia Spain.
 St. Olaf’s Church or St. Olav's Church (Estonian: Oleviste kirik) in Tallinn Estonia is believed to have been built in the 12th century and to have been the centre for old Tallinn's Scandinavian community before Denmark conquered Tallinn in 1219. Its dedication relates to King Olaf II of Norway (a.k.a. Saint Olaf 995-1030). The first known written records referring to the church date back to 1267 and it was extensively rebuilt during the 14th century.
 Laguna Hills Mall is an average sized enclosed shopping mall located in Laguna Hills California in southern Orange County. It was built in 1973 and was renovated in 1994 and originally anchored by four major department stores: The Broadway Buffum's JCPenney and Sears. In 1991 Buffum's closed and the store's second level was converted into an upstairs food court. The food court which operated from 1994 to 2011 was the only part of the general mall to be on the second level.
 Diamond Tower is a 93 storey 432 m (1417 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Jeddah Saudi Arabia. The tower will be primarily used for residential purpose. Once completed it will become Saudi Arabia's second tallest building and one of the tallest residential buildings in the world.
 Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning Armstrong County Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1858 and 1860 and is a two-story brick and stone building measuring 105 feet by 65 feet. It has a hipped roof topped by an octagonal cupola and bell. It features a portico with four Corinthian order columns in Greek Revival style. A three-story rear addition was built in 1951-1953. The jail building was built between 1870 and 1873.
 The Qazvinis' House is a historical house in Isfahan Iran. It belongs to the age of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar. Although there are many historical houses in Isfahan few of them are open for tourists. Qazvinis' house is one of these few houses. The house has a beautiful structure and masterly plan. It has multiple yards which are surrounded by many rooms. The northern part of each yard is higher and is more important than the other parts.
 Dadivank (Armenian: Դադիվանք) also Khutavank (Armenian: Խութավանք – Arm. Monastery on the Hill) is an Armenian monastery in the Shahumian Region of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It was built between the 9th and 13th century.
 Experimental Breeder Reactor I (EBR-I) is a decommissioned research reactor and U.S. National Historic Landmark located in the desert about 18 miles (29 km) southeast of Arco Idaho. At 1:50 pm on December 20 1951 it became the world's first electricity-generating nuclear power plant when it produced sufficient electricity to illuminate four 200-watt light bulbs.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Los Angeles Branch is the Southern California branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco located on Grand Avenue and Olympic Blvd. in Los Angeles. Its original building is a historic-cultural monument built in 1929 on Olympic Boulevard and Olive Street in Downtown Los Angeles. It was designed by The Parkinsons in a Moderne style.
 Welch Hall is a historic residence located at 24 E Stewart Rd on Oak Hill in Columbia Missouri. The residence is home to the University of Missouri chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
 The MİT Museum of Espionage (Turkish: MİT Casusluk Müzesi) is a non-public museum owned by the Turkish National İntelligence Organization (Turkish: Milli İstihbarat Teşkilatı MİT) and located in Ankara Turkey. Situated within the campus of the MİT it is dedicated to the history of espionage featuring a collection of spying equipment.In 2011 during the celebration of MİT's 85th anniversary of foundation it was learnt that the institution owns a spy museum.
 Brindley Farm is a historic home and farm located near Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The house known as Crooked Billet was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay stone structure with later rear wings and a modern side porch. Also on the property are a contributing frame barn and carriage house dated to 1807. The property has been owned by only two families since 1750 and the house once operated as an inn or tavern.
 Bombo Regional Hospital is the referral regional hospital in Tanga Tanzania. It was built by the Germans.The hospital is affiliated with the National Institute of Medical Research center in Tanga to which it is adjacent.The Tanga Aids Working Group a member of Eastern and Southern Africa Regional Initiative on Traditional Medicine and AIDS is headquartered at Bombo Hospital.
 Bells Mills Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in Sewickley Township and South Huntingdon Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It is a 95-foot-long (29 m) Burr truss bridge constructed in 1850. It features pedimented gables and plain pilasters in the Greek Revival style. It crosses Sewickley Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Edward M. Gregg Farm is a farm located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nanortalik Church is a wooden Danish Lutheran church in the town of Nanortalik in southern Greenland in the Arctic. The church was built and consecrated in 1916 and is currently the only church serving the Nanortalik congregation. The church is located in the old colonial quarter of the town.
 The Jordan National Gallery of Fine Arts is a major contemporary art museum located in Amman Jordan.
 The Duff Baby House is an historic house located in Windsor Ontario Canada.
 Maplewood also known as Sebrell-McCausland Farm is a historic home and national historic district located near Pliny Mason County West Virginia. The district includes eight contributing buildings and four contributing sites. The main house is a two story Italianate-style brick farmhouse with wood siding. It features two round attic portholes and three porches.
 The Chicago Water Tower is a contributing property in the Old Chicago Water Tower District landmark district. It is located at 806 North Michigan Avenue along the Magnificent Mile shopping district in the Near North Side community area of Chicago Illinois. The tower was constructed to house a large water pump intended to draw water from the Lake Michigan; it now serves as a Chicago Office of Tourism art gallery.
 Westgate Mall is a shopping mall in Spartanburg South Carolina off Interstate 26 and US Highway 29 on West Blackstock Road in the city's primary shopping market. The regional mall has 954302 square feet (88657.6 m2) of retail space and seven anchor stores: Bed Bath & Beyond Belk Costco Dick's Sporting Goods Dillard's J. C. Penney and Sears.
 The Jeremiah Morehouse House is located on Hathorn Road in Warwick New York United States just off NY 94. It is a wooden house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is on a 9-acre (3.6 ha) lot adjacent to the General John Hathorn Stone House also listed on the Register.
 The House at 235-237 Reynolds Street is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was constructed between 1880 and 1885 as a multi-family dwelling and is an unusual example of High Victorian Gothic style residential architecture in Rochester's Eighth Ward. It is a modestly sized two-bay two-story brick structure that features asymmetrical massing and verticality and elongation of architectural elements.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Somerset Brick and Tile Museum is in Bridgwater Somerset and is administered by Somerset County Council.The museum is dedicated to the Brick and Tile Industry of Somerset.It incorporates the last surviving 'pinnacle kiln' in Bridgwater which dates from the 19th century and has been designated as a Scheduled Ancient Monument and grade II* listed building. It used to be one of six at the former Barham Brothers' Yard at East Quay.
 The Old Customhouse is a Spanish Colonial style adobe structure built around 1827 by the Mexican government in the Pueblo de Monterey Alta California in present day Monterey County in the U.S. state of California. The Customhouse is the state's first designated California Historical Landmark marking the site where U.S. Commodore John Drake Sloat raised the American flag and declared California part of the United States in 1846.
 The Wright County Courthouse in Clarion Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse was the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 St James' Church Daisy Hill is in the Daisy Hill district of Westhoughton Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Deane the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Matt's Bar is a restaurant in South Minneapolis Minnesota. It is known as one of two businesses that created the Jucy Lucy.This bar was opened in 1954. In 1998 Scott Nelson purchased the bar from the original owner Matt Bristol.In a 1998 City Pages article Cheryl Bristol the daughter of bar founder and namesake Matt Bristol told of how one day in 1954 a customer asked a cook to put two hamburger patties together and seal up some cheese in the middle.
 George Douglass House is a historic home and store building located in Amity Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1763 and is a two-story sandstone building with a gable roof. The main section has a Georgian plan. Attached to the main section is a two-story store wing built about 1800 one-story smokehouse and wash house addition built about 1833 full width rear porch added about 1833 and a one-story kitchen wing added about 1900.
 Centerville Historic District is a historic district in Centerville Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Buckhannon Central Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at Buckhannon Upshur County West Virginia. The district encompasses 344 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites 11 contributing structures and 2 contributing objects in Buckhannon. It consists of primarily single family residential homes dating from the mid-19th through mid-20th century.
 Samuel Shrewsbury Sr. House also known as the Old Stone House is a historic home located at Belle Kanawha County West Virginia. It was built about 1810 and is a small single-pile sandstone building with a medium pitched gable roof. It is owned by the Belle Historical Restoration Society Inc. and open as a historic house museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St Oswald's Church Thornton in Lonsdale is in the village of Thornton in Lonsdale North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ewecross the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of All Saints Burton in Lonsdale. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Deansboro Railroad Station is a late nineteenth century train depot in the hamlet of Deansboro in Oneida County New York. It is historically significant for its role in the history of railroads in New York State and for its related characteristic architecture.It was built by a predecessor railroad to the New York Ontario and Western Railway. The depot is a one story rectangular wood-frame building.
 The Addis Ababa City Hall houses the offices of the Municipality of Addis Ababa.
 The Ice House on Little Muddy Creek is the ruins of an old stone structure meant to hold ice near Morgantown Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 8 1987 as part of the Early Stone Buildings of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.The Ice House is notable for having exceptionally fine masonry. Its face has finished square stones and toothed chiseled random pattern strikings; this tooling pattern is the only such pattern in the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 The Park Grill is the only full-service restaurant included in the multi-billion dollar Millennium Park project in Chicago Illinois. Its outdoor seating area is the largest al fresco dining area in Chicago.
 The Carlton House Block is a historic commercial and retail block at 9-13 Hampden Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The six-bay three story brick building was built in 1875 with Italianate detailing. Its name derives from its site which was previously the location of the Carlton House Hotel. It was built for lease to one of the leading shoe and boot wholesale manufacturers in the area; they occupied the premises until 1897 after which it has seen a variety of tenants.
 Santa Rosa de Lima was an early 18th-century Spanish settlement in the Rio Chama valley near the present-day town of Abiquiu in Rio Arriba County New Mexico. By the 1730s Spanish settlers were moving into the Chama River valley and by 1744 at least 20 families were living in the present-day Abiquiú area where they founded the Plaza de Santa Rosa de Lima. The church was built around 1744 and was in use until the 1930s.
 The President Street Station in Baltimore Maryland is a former train station. Built in 1850 the station was an important rail transportation link during the Civil War. Today it is the oldest surviving big-city railroad terminal in the United States and is home to the Baltimore Civil War Museum.
 Carrsbrook is a historic home and farm complex located near Charlottesville Albemarle County Virginia. The main house was built about 1785 and is a five part Palladian style dwelling. It has a central projecting 2 1/2-story three bay wide section flanked by 1 1/2-story single-bay wings connected by hyphens. The front facade features a single-story dwarf portico supported by Doric order columns.
 The Connecticut State Capitol is located north of Capitol Avenue and south of Bushnell Park in Hartford the capital of Connecticut. The building houses the Connecticut General Assembly; the upper house the State Senate and lower house the House of Representatives as well as the office of the Governor. The Connecticut Supreme Court sits across Capitol Avenue in a different building.
 Restaurant ML is a restaurant located in Haarlem in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2011–present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.Head chef of Restaurant ML is Mark Gratama.The restaurant is located in the former Bank van Lening. This building is a Rijksmonument. Formerly the restaurant was located on Lange Veerstraat 4.
 The Begijnhof Chapel dedicated to Saint John and Saint Ursula is a Roman Catholic chapel run by the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament in the St Nicholas Parish of Amsterdam. It is located in a former schuilkerk in the Begijnhof across from its original location the English Reformed Church Amsterdam. The Miracle of Amsterdam is commemorated yearly with a procession starting from this church.
 Lyman Block is an historic block at 83-91 Main Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The block was built in 1876 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.
 Silpakala vedika is an auditorium and convention centre located in Hyderabad India. The auditorium is 60000 sq ft (5600 m2). Large amount of terracotta was used in the building. Silpa means sculpture kala means art and vedika means platform. The convention center includes an auditorium which is flexible in design and offers a variety of configuration selections and is known for Telugu film audio release functions.
 Camp Atwater is a summer camp on Shore Road in North Brookfield Massachusetts. It was established in 1921 on the shores of Lake Lashaway on property donated by Mary Atwater to provide a summer recreational experience for African-American boys at a time when summer camps were generally racially segregated. The camp catered primarily to middle- and upper-class African Americans and drew attendees from up and down the Atlantic coast.
 The Polish Museum of America is located in West Town in what had been the historical Polish Downtown neighborhood of Chicago. It is home to a plethora of Polish artifacts artwork and embroidered folk costumes among its growing collection.
 Smoot Theater is a historic vaudeville and movie theater located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1926 and is a brick and terra cotta building with a simple Classical style front. It features a Greek key cornice and a second story inset with four fluted columns in antis.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The General John Glover House is a National Historic Landmark at 11 Glover Street in Marblehead Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story gambrel roofed colonial built in 1762 by John Glover a local merchant politician and militia leader who gained fame for his military leadership in the American Revolutionary War.
 University Hospital of Oran (Arabic: مستشفى وهران الجامعي‎) is a hospital affiliated with the University of Oran in Oran Algeria with a capacity of 600 - 2000 beds.
 The Arlington Pumping Station built in 1907 is a historic water pumping station on Brattle Court (off Brattle Street) in Arlington Massachusetts. Its purpose was to provide water to Lexington and higher elevations in Arlington. The station was put in service on December 4 1907.
 HM Prison Prescoed is a Category D men's open prison located three miles from Usk in Monmouthshire South Wales. Prescoed is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and acts as a satellite prison of the nearby HMP Usk.
 St. John's Methodist Church also known as Totum Kirkie is a listed building founded by John Wesley on 6 May 1772.
 The Buckminster-Kingsbury Farm is a historic farmhouse at 80 Houghton Ledge Road in Roxbury New Hampshire. The brick house was built c. 1825 and is a well preserved example of vernacular Federal and Greek Revival styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Pig 'n Whistle is an American restaurant and bar located in Hollywood on Hollywood Boulevard.
 Ordsall Hall is a historic house and a former stately home in Ordsall an area of Salford in Greater Manchester England. It dates back more than 750 years although the oldest surviving parts of the present hall were built in the 15th century. The most important period of Ordsall Hall's life was as the family seat of the Radclyffe family who lived in the house for over 300 years.
 The Joseph W. Podmore Building on the corner of Merchant and Alakea streets in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1902 by Joseph W. Podmore an English sailor who did business in Honolulu during the early 1900s. He built it to rent out for retail and office use initially to a tailor and a decorator on the ground floor and to the Mercantile Printing Company upstairs.
 Jeremiah Brown House and Mill Site is a Colonial-era mill complex and national historic district at Rising Sun Cecil County Maryland United States. It consists of two distinct halves: a two-story three-bay gable-roofed stone structure built in 1757 by Jeremiah Brown Sr. a Quaker from Pennsylvania; and a two-story two-bay gable-roofed frame house built in 1904 by John Clayton on the site of the original 1702 log wing.
 The McLellan-Sweat Mansion (or The McLellan House) is a historic house museum at 111 High Street in Portland Maine. It forms the rear component of the Portland Museum of Art complex.Constructed in 1800-1801 for shipping magnate Major Hugh McLellan the brick mansion was designed by John Kimball Sr. (1758-1831) an architect/housewright originally from Ipswich Massachusetts. The cost was $20000. After a change of owners the property was purchased in 1880 by Lorenzo De Medici Sweat.
 His Lordship's Kindness was built in the 1780s for Prince Georges County planter Robert Darnall near Clinton Maryland. The five-part Georgian mansion also known as Poplar Hill retains a number of subsidiary buildings including a slave's hospital and a dovecote.
 Hammond Castle is located on the Atlantic coast in the Magnolia area of Gloucester Massachusetts. The castle which was constructed between 1926 and 1929 was the home and laboratory of John Hays Hammond Jr. He was an inventor who was a pioneer in the study of remote control and held over four hundred patents.
 Palmyra Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Palmyra in Wayne County New York. The district includes 207 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites 7 contributing structures and 1 contributing object. It encompassed the commercial civic religious and residential core of Palmyra. Most of the buildings were built between about 1830 and 1890 and is representative of a quintessential canal town in New York State.
 St Peter's Church is in the seaside town of Fleetwood Lancashire England situated on The Fylde coast. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. It was completed in 1841 to a design by Decimus Burton. Burton had been employed by Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood in 1836 to lay out the new planned town of Fleetwood. It is protected as a Grade II listed building.
 Holt House is an historic house located on the grounds of the National Zoo and probably built before 1814. It is one of the most important examples of early Neoclassical architecture in Washington D.C. and was one of the major houses in the new Federal City when it was built. Its caretaker has been the Smithsonian Institution since 1889 and is the oldest building under the Smithsonian's auspices but has been left vacant since the 1980s. It was listed in the D.C.
 Brotherton Farm also known as the Brotherton-McKenzie Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Guilford Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1820 and is a two-story five bay L-shaped limestone dwelling in the Federal style. It has a two-story four-bay rear ell. Also on the property are the contributing 1 1/2-story stone spring house frame wash house and frame bank barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Washburn and Moen North Works District encompass an industrial complex that housed the largest business in Worcester Massachusetts in the second half of the 19th century. Founded in 1831 Washburn and Moen was an innovating manufacturer of wire and related products including telegraph wire barbed wire (for which the company acquired a manufacturing monopoly) which were used in large quantities during America's westward expansion.
 Obidiah Dingee House also known as the Obadiah Dingee House is a historic home located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1771 and is an example of an 18th-century urban residence continually occupied by working families. It is a two-story brick dwelling consisting of a 19 feet 6 inches wide by 24 feet deep main block with a rear wing. It is adjacent to the Jacob Dingee House. In 1976 it was moved from its original location at 107 E.
 The Ralston Community Clubhouse was built in 1914 as a community school in Ralston Wyoming. It was abandoned as a school in 1922 when Ralston consolidated its school with the neighboring Powell school district. The Powell district offered the school to the Ralston Community Club in 1930. The clubhouse became the social center of Ralston serving as a community meeting hall and polling place.
 El Barco (The Ship) is a residential apartment tower in Albufereta Alicante Spain. It is formally called Torre Vistamar de la Albufereta meaning Albufereta Sea View Tower.El Barco was one of a cluster of buildings erected in the former village of Albufereta for Pied-Noirs or residents from France and other European countries during the Franco regime.It was completed in 1963. The building was designed by Juan Guardiola inspired by the Pirelli Tower designed by Giò Ponti in Milan.
 The West Middlesex University Hospital (WMUH) is an acute NHS hospital in Isleworth west London. It serves patients in the London Boroughs of Hounslow Richmond upon Thames and Ealing.
 Holmenkollen Chapel is located at Holmenkollen in Oslo Norway. The original chapel from 1903 was destroyed by fire in 1992. The new chapel was completed in 1996. Holmenkollen Chapel is a listed site registered in Norway's cultural heritage database.
 The Capt. Timothy Johnson House is a historic late First Period house at 18—20 Stevens Street in North Andover Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame gambrel-roofed house was built c. 1720 by Timothy Johnson a leading Andover resident who led Massachusetts troops in the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg.
 The Greene-Marston House commonly known as Termite Hall is a historic house in Mobile Alabama United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 11 1983 due to its architectural significance.
 Reynolds Arcade is a historic office building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is an eleven story Art Deco style commercial / office building with arcaded shops on the first floor. It was built in 1932 of steel frame construction and is faced on the exterior with Indiana limestone. The central portion of the building is a five bay eleven story tower which steps back from the fifth floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Mount Zion Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Chandlersville Ohio.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1939 is an historic Classical revival style Christian Science church edifice located at 501 Riverside Drive overlooking the Truckee River in Reno Nevada. Anna Frandsen Loomis a wealthy local Christian Scientist underwrote the $120000 cost of the building including land acquisition and architect's fees. She was responsible for hiring noted Los Angeles architect Paul Revere Williams the first African-American member of the AIA.
 The Perkins-Bill House is a Colonial-style farmstead house built in 1781 located in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 8½ Otto e Mezzo Bombana is an Italian restaurant at Shop 202 Alexandra House Central Hong Kong. It is the only Italian restaurant outside of Italy to have received 3 stars from the Michelin Guide having been awarded 3 stars by the 2012 Michelin Guide Hong Kong and Macau. Its head chef is Umberto Bombana.
 All Saints’ Church is a church in Monkwearmouth Sunderland England. A parish of All Saints was formed in 1844 when it became clear that there was no longer enough room in the only parish church for Monkwearmouth (St Peter's) and a church for the new parish was completed and consecrated in 1849. One of its vicars was Alexander Boddy and so All Saints' became known as the birthplace of modern British Pentecostalism. All Saints' is now again part of the parish of Monkwearmouth.
 The Church of the Virgin of Mount Carmel and St. Thérèse of Lisieux (Spanish: Iglesia de la Virgen del Carmen y Santa Teresita) also known as Iglesia de los Carmelitas is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Prado Montevideo Uruguay.The church was built in Neo-Gothic style by architects Guillermo Armas and Albérico Isola between 1929 and 1954. It was held by the Carmelites until 1995 then it was leased to the Archdiocese.The parish was established on 8 September 1962.
 Hampstead also known as Henry Rose House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival style structure was built about 1840 and features a monumental proportioned temple portico with full pediment and wide entabulature supported by massive two story columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 First Baptist Church of Covington Virginia is a historic African-American Baptist church complex located at Covington Virginia. The property includes two churches. One of the churches was built about 1890 and is a Gothic Revival style frame church. After construction of the 1911 church it served as a classroom annex and cafeteria for a nearby school. The 1911 church is a Gothic Revival / Colonial Revival brick church.
 Hunt Armory (also known as Pittsburgh Armory) is an armory located at 324 Emerson Street in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was designed by Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins Co.. Announced on August 29 1909 and budgeted at $450000 ($11.8 million in present day terms) it was completed by 1916. The armory was named after Spanish American War hero Captain Alfred E. Hunt (1855-1899) who went on to found Alcoa.
 The North Euston Hotel is a hotel in Fleetwood Lancashire England. It was built 1840–41 to a design by Decimus Burton. During the second half of the 19th century the building was used by the War Department as a School of Musketry; by the end of the century it had reverted to its original purpose. The hotel has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 Annesley Hall is a Grade II listed country house near Annesley in Nottinghamshire England and the ancestral home of the Chaworth-Musters family. The Hall dates from the mid-13th century and was the home of the Annesley family passing to the Chaworth family when Alice heiress to the Manor of Annesley married George Chaworth third son of Sir Thomas Chaworth of Wiverton in the 15th century. The Chaworth family were to possess the estate for the next 350 years.
 All Saints Church Chadshunt is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Chadshunt Warwickshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands by the side of the road from Kineton to Southam. Its general appearance is long low and massive.
 The George Washington Hollida House is a brick house built c. 1842 near the village of Scrabble West Virginia United States. The Hollida (pronounced Holiday) House is an example of an I-house with a five-bay front and a four-bay ell extending to the rear with Greek Revival detailing. The property includes several outbuildings and a bank barn. The Hollida house is included in the larger Scrabble Historic District which encompasses the entire village.
 Burgruine Rauhenstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Contentment also known as the Colonel George Imboden House is a historic home located at Ansted Fayette County West Virginia. It was built about 1830 and expanded to its present configuration after its acquisition by former Confederate Colonel George W. Imboden in 1872. The original home consisted of five rooms and a detached kitchen. Colonel Imboden added two rooms extended the porch and added a gable end chimney.
 The Former Fire Station is located at 14 Maple Avenue in Windsor Connecticut.It is now the home of Gottier Investments.
 The Baughman Center consists of two buildings located along Lake Alice on the University of Florida campus. The main building is a 1500-square-foot (140 m2) nondenominational chapel or pavilion while the other one is a 1000-square-foot (93 m2) administrative building. The chapel has seating for 96 people and is used for silent meditation private contemplation weddings funerals and memorial services as well as a venue for small musical or performing arts events. The center named after Dr.
 The Dingley Building is a historic building at 36 Oak Street in Lewiston Maine. The Romanesque Revival-style building was designed by architecture George M. Coombs and was built in 1890. It was originally known as the Oak Street School because it was the location of the Oak Street Training School a normal school that trained schoolteachers.
 Mecklenburg County Courthouse in Charlotte North Carolina was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Carver High School formerly known as Phoenix Union Colored High School and as George Washington Carver High School is a former school in Phoenix Arizona that served African-American students until the integration of schools in 1954.
 Christ Church Croft is located in Lady Lane Croft Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Winwick the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of Newchurch. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Campagne (French pronunciation: ​[kɑ̃.paɲ] meaning countryside) is a restaurant in Kilkenny Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded a Michelin star for 2014.Head chef Gareth Byrne formerly of Chapter One opened the restaurant in 2008.
 Figo House is a Queen Anne style house near Portland State University in Portland Oregon. The house was purchased by Portland attorney Randal Acker in 2005 as office space for his small legal practice. Acker named the house after his dog Figo who was named for Portuguese soccer star Luis Figo.In 2006 TriMet Portland's mass transit authority attempted to acquire the house through condemnation and then sell the property to the university for use as high-rise student housing.
 Tratzberg Castle is a castle in Jenbach Tyrol Austria.
 The Afro-American Sons and Daughters Hospital in Yazoo City Mississippi also known as the Afro-American Hospital was built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.The Afro-American Sons and Daughters was a fraternal organization in Mississippi and one of the leading black voluntary associations in the state. Organized in 1924 it had 35000 members by the 1930s. The founder of the group was Thomas J.
 St. David's (previously known as St. David's Shopping Centre.) is one of the principal shopping centres in the city centre of Cardiff Wales. Located in The Hayes area of the southern city centre. Owing to the extension of St Davids 2 in 2009 St David's is now the ninth largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom.The construction of the extension cost a total of £675m and brought Cardiff within the top five shopping destinations in the United Kingdom.
 Ehle House Site is an archaeological site located at Nelliston in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1729 by Jacobus Ehle a Palatine German who preached in the Hudson Valley and then made his way to the Mohawk Valley. The house is no longer standing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Eata's Church Atcham is in the village of Atcham Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Shrewsbury the archdeaconry of Salop and the diocese of Lichfield. Its benefice is united with that of St Giles-with-Sutton Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Its dedication to Eata of Hexham is unique.
 HarborView Condominium is a residential high-rise in Baltimore Maryland. The building which is a part of the HarborView complex rises 29 floors and 342 feet (104 m) in height and stands as the 16th-tallest building in the city. The structure was completed in 1993. HarborView Condominium was designed by architectural firms Design Collective Inc. and SHK3 Architectural Interdesign.The HarborView complex was originally planned to include two additional 26-story residential towers.
 The Yanks Air Museum is a non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization dedicated to exhibiting preserving and restoring American aircraft and artifacts.
 Gitwangak Battle Hill National Historic Site formerly known as Kitwanga Fort National Historic Site is a National Historic Site of Canada located at Kitwanga British Columbia in the Skeena Country of Northwestern British Columbia Canada. The reserve now called 'Gitwangax'. This is to distinguish it from the adjacent lumber milling town Kitwanga. 'Battle Hill' was an 18th century earthwork fortress located in Kitwanga. The site includes a trail with interpretive signs.
 Belarusian State Academy of Arts (Belarusian: Беларуская дзяржаўная акадэмія мастацтваў Russian: Белорусская государственная академия искусств) is a state-owned institution of higher education in Minsk Belarus.
 The First Unitarian Church is a historic church building at 130 Highland Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The stone church was built between 1875 and 1899 for a Unitarian Church congregation. It was designed by Hartwell Richardson and Driver and is a good example of Richardsonian Romanesque design.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. As of 2009 the building houses the Mission Church of Our Lord Jesus Christ.
 The John T. and Henry T. Reynolds Jr. House at 101 E. 200 South in Springville Utah was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was designed by architect Lewis J. Whitney and was built with brickwork by Ed Child for John T. Reynolds. The house was sold in 1919 to Henry T. Harry Reynolds Jr. whose family stayed in the house until 1983.
 Beijing University International Hospital (Chinese: 北大国际医院; pinyin: běidàguójìyīyuàn) is a non-profit hospital affiliated with Beijing University. It is a combination of medicare teaching and research to be in line with the international practices that provides medical services for patients covered by Beijing social medical insurance commercial insurance public medicare and foreign insurances.
 Pioneer Farm also known as the McCurdy House is a historic home located at Dansville in Livingston County New York. It is a two story brick residence built in 1822 by James McCurdy son of Dansville's first settler.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Lost Lake Guard Station in Okanogan National Forest near Tonasket Washington was built in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 11 1986. It was designed by the USDA Forest Svce. Architecture Group in Rustic architecture. It served historically as a single dwelling. The listing included a 1.3-acre (0.53 ha) area.
 Jayne Mansfield's Pink Palace was a mansion built by the actress as a pink landmark.
 The Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein (Liechtenstein Museum of Fine Arts) is the state museum of modern and contemporary art in Vaduz. The building by the Swiss architects Meinrad Morger Heinrich Degelo and Christian Kerez was completed in November 2000. The museum collection of international modern and contemporary art is also the national art collection of the Principality of Liechtenstein.
 Harvard Avenue Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Linden Street Commonwealth Avenue Harvard Avenue and Park Vale Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The district was largely built in 1887 by Boston architects Shepley Rutan and Coolidge and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Lockwood–Mathews Mansion is a Second Empire style country house now a museum in Norwalk Connecticut.
 Chase Tower is a 374-foot 31-story building located in Amarillo Texas United States. Formerly known as SPS Tower and Bank One Center it is the tallest building in Amarillo and the West Texas region. The building used to be the home of the Amarillo branch of American National Bank. The building also housed the offices of the city's electric power service provider Southwestern Public Service (which was later acquired by Xcel Energy).
 Randabygd Church (Norwegian: Randabygd kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Randabygda. The church is part of the Randabygd parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The brown wooden church was built in 1916 by the architect Jens Sølvberg. The church seats about 240. The church was consecrated on 29 August 1916.
 The Fontainebleau Miami Beach or the Fontainebleau Hotel is one of the most historically and architecturally significant hotels on Miami Beach. Opened in 1954 and designed by Morris Lapidus it was arguably the most luxurious hotel on Miami Beach and is thought to be the most significant building of Lapidus's career. In 2007 the Fontainebleau Hotel was ranked ninety-third in the American Institute of Architects list of America's Favorite Architecture.
 The Valley Queen Mill is an historic mill at 700 Providence Street in West Warwick Rhode Island. Built in 1834 by the Greene Company the Valley Queen Mill is the oldest of the three mill buildings in the area. It originally operated as a cotton factory producing coarse cotton cloths under the Greene Company name.In 1888 B.B.& R. Knight Company the textile giant that made Fruit of the Loom products purchased the Valley Queen Mill. B.B &.R.
 The O. W. Gardner House is a historic house at 5 Myrtle Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1840 by Oliver W. Gardner and was originally one of a pair built in the area (the other is no longer extant). It is one of Winchester's finest examples of Gothic Revival architecture with elaborate scroll-sawn vergeboard in its steep gables which also occurs in miniature on the gable-roofed portico that shelters the door.
 The Garden Homes Historic District in Chicago Illinois is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. In 2005 it included 88 contributing buildings.
 The German American Heritage Museum of the USA (GAHM) opened in March 2010 and is the national headquarters of the German-American Heritage Foundation of the USA (GAHF).Located in the historic Penn Quarter in Washington D.C. and housed in Hockemeyer Hall the German-American Heritage Museum is a tribute to Americans of German descent.
 Saint Ignatius Church is a church on the campus of the University of San Francisco in San Francisco California USA. The church serves a parish of the Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco and is the university's chapel. Saint Ignatius Church is staffed by priests of the Society of Jesus and is dedicated to the Society's founder Ignatius of Loyola.The present Saint Ignatius Church is the fifth such church to be built in San Francisco.
 Broad Street National Bank is located in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 17 2008.
 The Murano Glass Museum (Italian: Museo del Vetro) is a museum on the history of glass including local Murano glass located on the island of Murano just north of Venice Italy.The museum is located in the Palazzo Giustinian. The palace was the residence of the bishops of Torcello. It was originally built in the Gothic style as a patrician's palace. The building became the residence of Bishop Marco Giustinian in 1659.
 Metropolitan Cathedral of Christ the King (usually known as Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral) is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool in Liverpool England. The cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of Liverpool. The Grade II* Metropolitan Cathedral is one of Liverpool's many listed buildings. It is sometimes known locally as Paddy's Wigwam or the Mersey Funnel.The cathedral's architect Frederick Gibberd was the winner of a worldwide design competition.
 Old South Union Church is a historic congregational church at 25 Columbian Street in Weymouth Massachusetts.The church was built in 1854 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Tokyo National Museum of Modern Art (東京国立近代美術館 Tōkyō Kokuritsu Kindai Bijutsukan) in Tokyo Japan is the foremost museum collecting and exhibiting contemporary Japanese art.This Tokyo museum is also known by the English acronym MOMAT (National Museum of Modern Art Tokyo). MOMAT is known for its collection of 20th-century art and includes Western-style and Nihonga artists.
 Charleston Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church on Railroad Street in Charleston Tennessee.It was built in 1860 in the Greek Revival architectural style. In 1863 during the American Civil War Confederate forces used the building as a hospital. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Sela Church (Norwegian: Sela fjellkirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Sela. The church is part of the Malm parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was built in 1997 to serve the western part of the Malm parish. The building was consecrated on 28 September 1997 by the Bishop Finn Wagle.
 The House at 70-72 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts was built around the turn of the 20th century for George Wells president of the American Optical Company to provide housing for his workers. A gambrel-roofed three family house its gable end faces the street and is adorned with porches of which the one on the third floor has since been enclosed. The roof line is pierced by long dormers giving the third floor unit more space than it might otherwise have.
 The Hong Kong Cultural Centre (Chinese: 香港文化中心) is a multipurpose performance facility in the Tsim Sha Tsui area of Hong Kong. Located at Salisbury Road it was founded by the former Urban Council and after 2000 is administered by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of Hong Kong Government. It is a place for a wide variety of cultural performances.
 Major's Inn and Gilbert Block is a historic inn and tavern and commercial building located at Gilbertsville in Otsego County New York. The Gilbert Block consists of three 2-story attached brick commercial structures varying slightly in height in the Neo-Tudor Style. It was built between 1893 and 1895 and hosts shops and artist’s studios. It was designed by Boston architect Henry Forbes Bigelow.
 The Iglesia de la Santísima Trinidad (Holy Trinity Church) was organized by British residents in Ponce Puerto Rico as an Anglican congregation in 1869. They built their first church of wood and metal at this site in 1873 aided by materials sent by Queen Victoria's government including a bell cast in England in 1870. Located at the intersection of Marina Mayor and Abolicion streets it was the first Anglican church built on the island and in Latin America.
 Maple Hall is a historic home located near Lexington Rockbridge County Virginia. The house was built in 1855 and is a two-story three bay Greek Revival style brick dwelling on an English basement. It has a hipped roof and rear ell with a gable roof. It features a two-story pedimented front portico.
 The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than 2500 five-pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry bearing the names of a mix of actors musicians directors producers musical and theatrical groups fictional characters and others.
 St. Nicholas Within is a former Church of Ireland parish church in Dublin city Ireland. It was located at the corner of Nicholas St. and Christ Church Place where part of its entrance may be seen next to the Peace Park. The term may also refer to the civil parish in the barony of Dublin City which was one of nine and a half baronies in the old County Dublin.
 The Łęczyca Royal Castle is a medieval castle situated in Łęczyca Poland. The castle was erected by Casimir III the Great as a fortification during 1357-1370.
 Old Town Hall is an historic town hall on 1307 Main Street in Athol Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was the 4th meeting house that the town had and was built for 'public worship of god forever' It was remodelled in 1847 to be used as the Town Hall and kept this use until 1921. A Womans' Club occupied the building between 1821 and 1957 and the Athol History Society since then.
 The Col Ballroom is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties as the Saengerfest Halle.
 Lithia Park is the largest and most central park of Ashland Oregon. It consists of 93 acres (380000 m2) of forested canyonland around Ashland Creek stretching from the downtown plaza up toward its headwaters near Mount Ashland.
 The Murray Downtown Residential Historic District is the best representative area of the residential settlement and development of the city of Murray Utah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. It is locally significant as a physical reflection of its residential architecture and the historic development of the city from its agricultural beginnings through its industrial era and current status as a small suburban city.
 Wickliffe Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 111 13th Avenue in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It is in Richardsonian Romanesque style and was designed by William Halsey Wood. It was built in 1889.The 13th Avenue church replaced a church used previously by the congregation at 2 Wickliffe Street in Newark.
 The Warren Rawson Building is a historic multi-unit residence at 68-74 Franklin Street in Arlington Massachusetts. It is a rare surviving farm worker's dormitory built in 1895 by Warren Rawson a leading garden farmer in Arlington around the turn of the 20th century. It is a long rectangular 2.5 story wood frame building with its gable end to the street.
 The Dey Building is a building in Rico Colorado USA that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance as a significant local commercial building and for its Romanesque Revival style. The Dey Building was built in 1892 with a saloon on the ground floor and offices in the upper level. The saloon has been in almost continuous operation throughout the building's history. The local newspaper refers to an H.J.
 Thomas Meehan School also known as Pentecostal Faith Assembly Church is a historic school building located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901-1902 and is a two-story five bay stone building in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a portico with Doric order columns arched openings and a modillioned cornice.
 The Malecon Center is a complex of skyscrapers in Santo Domingo Dominican Republic. The complex is divided into four towers: Malecon 1 Malecon 2 Malecon 3 and Hilton Santo Domingo. The three Malecon towers each with a height of 122.4 m (402 ft) are the second tallest buildings in the Dominican Republic. Each Malecon tower has 31 floors and the Hilton Santo Domingo has 21 floors for a total of 114 floors in the complex.
 The Lied Discovery Children's Museum (LDCM) is a 22000-square-foot (2000 m2) facility located in Las Vegas Nevada. The museum is located across Las Vegas Boulevard from the Las Vegas Natural History Museum. The LDCM shares its building with the Las Vegas Library branch of the Las Vegas-Clark County Library District and offers over 100 hands-on exhibits.
 The Protestant Gustav Adolf Stave Church (German Gustav-Adolf-Stabkirche) is a stave church situated in Hahnenklee in the Harz region Germany.The church is a free copy of Borgund stave church in Norway with adaptions to fulfil its role as the Hahnenklee parish church. The construction began in 1907 and the church opened its doors for use on June 28 1908.
 Miller-Leuser Log House is a registered historic building near Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on August 30 1974.
 Our Lady of Lourdes Syro-Malabar Catholic Metropolitan Cathedral one of the largest churches in Kerala is located in the heart of Thrissur City in the state of Kerala India. Dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes the Syro-Malabar Catholic church is noted for its imposing interior. The main attraction is an underground shrine considered a masterpiece of architectural design. Fr John Maliekkal is said to have planned and constructed this church.
 Mullaitivu Hospital is a government hospital in Mullaitivu Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in Mullaitivu District and is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 256 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Mullaitivu District General Hospital or Mullaitivu District Hospital.
 The John H. Traband House is a historic home located at Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It was built between 1895 and 1897 and is a 2 1⁄2-story asymmetrically shaped Queen Anne influenced frame structure of modest size and detailing. Also located on the property are a frame two-story gable-roofed carriage house. The house was constructed as the residence of a prominent citizen John H.
 Sinai Hospital is a Baltimore Maryland hospital originally founded in 1866 as the Hebrew Hospital and Asylum. It is now a Jewish-sponsored ANCC Magnet and teaching hospital that provides care for patients in the greater Baltimore City Baltimore County and surrounding communities. It is notable as the birthplace of the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator or ICD invented by the team of Dr. Michel Mirowski Dr. Morton Mower M.
 O. Henry Hall also or formerly known as the U.S. Post Office and Federal Building is an historic building located at 601 Colorado Street in Austin Texas. It is located within the Sixth Street Historic District in Downtown Austin.It was completed in 1881 under the supervision of architect Abner Cook. The District Court met there from then until 1936. One of its most noted trials occurred in February 1898 when William Sidney Porter - the man who later became known under the pen name of O.
 The Henry Boody House also known as the Boody-Johnson House is an historic house in Brunswick Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 1975. The house was built in 1849 for Henry Hill Boody Professor of Rhetoric and Oratory at Bowdoin College in Brunswick from 1845-1854. It cost $6000 to build the house and purchase the land. Boody sold the property in 1870.
 The Burgh Island Hotel is a hotel on Burgh Island Devon in England.
 Campbell County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Rustburg Campbell County Virginia. It was built in 1848-1849 and is a two-story T-shaped brick building in the Greek Revival style. It features a pedimented portico with four unfluted Doric order columns. It has a standing-seam metal cross-gable roof with octagonal cupola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Sands-Willets Homestead is a historic home located at Port Washington in Nassau County New York. It is a 20-room shingled 2-story building with an enlarged porch and porte cochere. The west wing dates to about 1735 and was originally a four-bay 1 1⁄2-story house with end chimneys over a full basement. The main portion of the house is a Greek Revival–style dwelling built during the first half of the 19th century.
 Latham Circle Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located adjacent to the Latham Circle (the intersection of US 9 and NY 2) in Latham New York. Built in 1957 as Latham Corners Shopping Center the mall was renovated several times in its history most notably in 1977 when it became a fully enclosed and temperature-controlled shopping mall. As of 2013 its sole tenant is its anchor store JCPenney which has been part of the complex since it opened in 1957.
 Tigert Hall built in the late 1940s and early 1950s is a historic administrative building located on the eastern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida. It was designed by architect Jefferson Hamilton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to function as the university's main administration building. In 1960 it was renamed for John J. Tigert the university's third president who served from 1928 to 1947. Tigert Hall faces S.W. Thirteenth Street (U.S.
 Armenian monastery complex of Moscow (Armenian: Մոսկվայի հայկական վանքային համալիր; Russian: Армянский храмовый комплекс в Москве) is a complex of Armenian Apostolic church which will become the seat of the Exarch (Head of the Novo-Nakhichevan and Russian Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church) and one of the spiritual centers of Armenians in Russia. The Holy Transfiguration Cathedral of the complex is the largest Armenian church outside of Armenia.
 The Downtown Bismarck Historic District is a 40-acre (16 ha) historic district in Bismarck North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. It includes work by architect Arthur Van Horn and others. The listing included 40 contributing buildings.
 Charlotte Street Hotel is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England. It is located at 15 Charlotte Street in North Soho.The hotel opened on June 5 2000 and contains 52 rooms.Charlotte Street Hotel is a modern boutique hotel furnished with 20th-century and contemporary art and a Botero sculpture.
 The Edward D. Kingsley House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Masonic Temple in Mechanicsburg Ohio is a historic Masonic temple building that was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Free Will Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church in North Islesboro Maine.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Samuel Perry Dinsmoor (March 8 1843 – July 21 1932) was an United States teacher and eccentric sculptor from Lucas Kansas. Dinsmoor served in the Civil War and then taught school in Kansas. When he retired in 1905 he began a second career as a sculptor.
 Prima Pearl (also known as Pearl Tower and Prima Tower) is a residential skyscraper under construction in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne Victoria Australia. Upon completion the building will stand at 254 metres (833 feet) high; making it the fourth tallest building in Melbourne and the fifth tallest in Australia. It will also overtake the Rialto Towers to become the second tallest building to roof in Melbourne and Australia by 3 meters.
 Jøvik Chapel (Norwegian: Jøvik kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Jøvik along the Kjosen fjord an arm off the main Ullsfjorden. The chapel is part of the Ullsfjord parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1920 and it seats about 100 people.
 St. James the Apostle Anglican Church is an Anglican church located in Montreal Quebec Canada. Its address is at 1439 Sainte-Catherine Street West.
 Joseph Falkinburg House is located in Dennis Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1805 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 3 1994.
 The Berkeley Building (also known as the Old John Hancock Building) is a 26-story 495-foot (151 m) structure located at 200 Berkeley Street Boston Massachusetts USA. It is the second of the three John Hancock buildings built in Boston; it was succeeded by the John Hancock Tower. The building is known for the weather beacon at its summit which broadcasts light patterns as weather forecasts. The Berkeley Building is the 18th-tallest building in the city.
 Virginia State Library-Oliver Hill Building also known as the State Finance Building is a historic library and government office building located on Capitol Square in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1892-1894 expanded in 1908-1910 remodeled in 1929 and renovated and expanded in 2004. It is a three-story Beaux Arts style building with a buff brick veneer and terra cotta detailing. It features an Ionic order portico echoing the Virginia State Capitol’s portico.
 New Hall Manor is a medieval manor house now used as a hotel in Sutton Coldfield West Midlands England.It is claimed to be one of the oldest inhabited moated houses in Britain dating from the 13th century when the Earl of Warwick built a hunting lodge on the site. The first reference to the site as a manor is from 1435 when by the homage in a court baron at Sutton after Sir Richard Stanhope's death when he held it of the Earl of Warwick.
 The Old Rose Tree Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located in Rose Tree Park just north of the borough of Media in Upper Providence Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. It is a large 2 1/2-story fieldstone building built in 1809 on the site of a frame structure that had been built in 1739. A stone addition was built in 1836.
 Honningsvåg Church (Norwegian: Honningsvåg kirke) is a parish church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the town of Honningsvåg. The church is part of the Nordkapp parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. This is one of the few churches in Finnmark county that was not destroyed or burned during World War II. After World War II the church became home for the population whilst the remaining buildings were reconstructed.
 The Goodman-LeGrand house and museum is located at 624 North Broadway in the city of Tyler county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County in 1976 and has been a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark since 1962. The Daughters of the American Revolution designated it an Historic Site in 2010.
 Indiana University Hospital is a teaching hospital in Indianapolis Indiana USA affiliated with the Indiana University School of Medicine and Indiana University Health. With nearly 1100 physician faculty members at Indiana University Hospital physicians surgeons nurses and staff care for more than 57000 patients a year. Approximately 52 percent of physicians in Indiana were trained at IU Hospital.
 Maison Pic is a top five star hotel and restaurant located in Valence Drôme France. Established in 1889 the restaurant first earned the prestigious 3 Michelin stars in 1939 under André Pic. It lost its third star in 1946 and its second star in 1950. André's son Jacques Pic who initially did not want to become a chef decided to train as a chef in order to eventually take over from his father with the goal of regaining the stars.
 St. Marys Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1976 and is located in St. Marys Georgia. The city was first settled in the mid-16th century by the Spanish.
 The Fort Harrison Hotel serves as the flagship building of the Flag Land Base the Church of Scientology's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater Florida. It is owned and operated by the Church of Scientology Flag Service Organization Inc. a subsidiary of the Church of Scientology International.The hotel has 11 stories and features 220 rooms three restaurants a swimming pool and a ballroom. The building is connected by a skywalk to the Flag Building.
 The Upriver Residential District is a 145-acre (59 ha) historic district in Natchez Mississippi that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It includes Colonial Revival Late Victorian Queen Anne and other architecture and has significance dating to 1790.
 The Mall at Chestnut Hill is an upscale two-level enclosed shopping mall located in the Chestnut Hill section of Newton Massachusetts on Boylston Street (Route 9). It is managed and owned by Simon Property Group and is anchored by Bloomingdale's in two locations with the Women's store located at the west end and the Men's Home & Furnishing store anchoring the east end. A lot of tenants from the now closed and nearby Atrium Mall are still moving in since the Atrium Mall had closed in 2012.
 The Hamilton-Brown House in Franklin Tennessee also known as the Elijah Hamilton House or as Cottonwood is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It was built remodelled or has other significance in c. 1800 c. 1850 and c. 1940. It includes hall-and-parlor and other architecture.
 The Joan Antoni Samaranch Olympic and Sports Museum (Catalan: Museu Olímpic i de l'Esport Joan Antoni Samaranch IPA: [muˈzɛw uˈɫimpiɡ i ðə ɫəsˈpɔrd ʒuˈan ənˈtɔni səməˈraŋ]) opened in 2007 at the Olympic Ring in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. The museum is located in front of the Lluís Companys Olympic Stadium at the Montjuïc hill.
 Horsham Museum is a museum at Horsham West Sussex in South East England. It was founded in August 1893 by volunteers of the Free Christian (now Unitarian) Church and became part of Horsham District Council in 1974. It is a fully accredited museum and serves both Horsham and its district with the support of the Friends of Horsham Museum and an active volunteer base.
 Northside Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 923 Mississippi Avenue in Chattanooga Tennessee affiliated with Presbyterian Church USA.The congregation was founded in 1886 and its first building was completed in 1888.The church's current Greek Revival building completed in 1916 at a cost of $30000 was designed by Reuben Harrison Hunt. It is his only Greek Revival design in Chattanooga.
 The Arcade in downtown Nashville Tennessee United States is a covered shopping arcade built in 1902 and modeled after an arcade in Italy.Developed by David C. Buntin and designed by the Edgefield and Nashville Manufacturing Company the Arcade opened as Nashville's first shopping center replacing the former Overton Alley.
 The Benjamin Nighswander House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 27 1984. The home was constructed in 1896 and is located at 1011 Kirkwood Blvd.
 The Pleasant Reed House was a sidehall shotgun house in Biloxi Mississippi on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by Pleasant Reed (1854–1932) a former slave on a Mississippi farm who moved with his family to coastal Biloxi after the American Civil War. Reed as a freedman worked as a laborer and carpenter and earned the money to build his own house for his rapidly growing family.
 The Schmitt and Henry Manufacturing Company is a complex of three historic buildings located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The complex was built in three stages from 1901-1914 by Schmitt-Henry who manufactured furniture. Sealy Mattress Company took over the building in 1973 after Schmitt-Henry moved to West Des Moines. Hubbell Reality purchased the complex in 1994 for $75.000.
 The Oskarshamn Maritime Museum is located in Oskarshamn Sweden. The Museum exhibits items related to the merchandise shipping and shipbuilding activity in the Oskarshamn area.
 Gertrude Herbert Institute of Art is located in Augusta Georgia in the home of former Augusta Mayor and United States Senator Nicholas Ware. Olivia Herbert founded the Institute in 1937. The original name for the Institute was the Augusta Art Club; it was later renamed in memorial to Olivia Herbert's daughter Gertrude Herbert Dunn. The two primary missions of the Institute are art education and visual arts exhibition.
 Green City Presbyterian Church is a historic church at One East Street in Green City Missouri.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Victory Theatre is a 1950 seat venue in Evansville Indiana. It is home to the Evansville Philharmonic Orchestra and also hosts local ballet and modern dance companies theatre companies and touring productions.Opened on June 16 1921 and originally seating 2500 patrons the theater was part of the Sonntag Hotel – Victory Theater complex that was organized by Marcus Sonntag and associates who were stockholders in the American Trust and Savings Bank across Sixth Street from the theater.
 Burg Neulengbach is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Tōeizan Kan'ei-ji Endon-in (東叡山寛永寺円頓院) (also spelled Kan'eiji or Kaneiji) is a Tendai Buddhist temple in Tokyo Japan founded in 1625 during the Kan'ei era by Tenkai in an attempt to emulate the powerful religious center Enryaku-ji in Kyoto.
 The Chęciny Royal Castle was built in the late 13th century in Chęciny Poland. It fell into ruin in the 18th century and remains in that state to this day.
 The Synagogue in Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva is a synagogue located in Lublin Poland in the building of Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva on Lubartowska 85 (originally 57) Street.
 Holy Rood Church Ossington is a parish church in the Church of England in Ossington Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Enchanted Gardens is a resort near Ocho Rios in St. Ann Jamaica. It is located in a natural river gorge with 14 waterfalls on 8 hectares (20 acres) of land. There is a nature walk with a wide variety of local plants and jungle like atmosphere. There is also an exotic aviary featuring rare birds scenic ponds and a seawater aquarium.The resort was originally owned by former Prime Minister Edward Seaga.
 Buckmeadow Plantation House is located in Lake Providence Louisiana. It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 15 1983.
 Alexander McNish House also known as the McNish-Musser House is a historic home located at the town of Salem Washington County New York. It was built about 1794 and is a two-story five bay by three bay brick dwelling with a gambrel roof and dormers. It is representative of the Georgian style It has a one-story frame addition and a connected former carriage house. Also on the property is a contributing timber frame barn (c.
 Magnolia Cemetery is a 10-acre (40000 m2) cemetery in Baton Rouge Louisiana. The cemetery is located at 422 North 19th Street and is bordered on the north by Main Street and on the south by Florida Boulevard. The west and east sides are bordered by 19th Street and 22nd Street respectively. The land for the cemetery was purchased from John Christian Buhler Jr in August 1852.
 Valley State Prison previously the Valley State Prison for Women (VSPW) is a state prison in Chowchilla California. It is across the road from Central California Women's Facility. It previously was a prison for women.It is 250 miles (400 km) north of Downtown Los Angeles.
 Broad Street Christian Church is a historic church at 1051 E. Broad Street in Columbus Ohio.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 West Overton is located approximately 40 miles (64 km) southeast of Pittsburgh in East Huntingdon Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania United States. It is on PA 819 between the towns of Mount Pleasant and Scottdale.
 The Ayrshire Apartments is an historic building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. It was built in 1920 as a fireproof hotel and apartment building. The three-story building was designed in the Tudor Revival and contain 36 units. The apartment building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as a part of the Towards a Greater Des Moines MPS.
 The John Woods House at 4604 Monongahela Street in the Hazelwood neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a vernacular stone house that was built in 1792. It was added to the List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations by Pittsburgh City Council on February 22 1977. On April 29 1993 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.John Woods (1761–1816) was a political leader a Federalist and a member of a prominent founding Pittsburgh family.
 The Flying Heritage Collection is Paul G. Allen's collection of rare military aircraft which comprises examples from Germany Japan Russia the United Kingdom and the United States. The Collection opened to the public in 2004 at the Arlington Washington airfield but in 2008 moved to a larger location at Paine Field in Everett Washington United States.
 Forty Fort Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house at River Street and Wyoming Avenue in the Old Forty Fort Cemetery in Forty Fort Luzerne County Pennsylvania.It was built in 1806–08 in a New England meeting house style with white clapboard siding and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Stony Hill Cemetery also known as the Cemetery of the Asbury Colored Peoples Church is a historic cemetery located at Harrison Westchester County New York. It is an example of a rural 19th century African American burial ground. The cemetery contains approximately 200 grave sites. It includes seven professionally carved stones including four government issued markers.
 Iglesia de San Isidoro (Oviedo) is a church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. It was opened in 1587.
 Imbrie Farm is an Italian Villa style home in Hillsboro Oregon. It was built by Robert Imbrie and was a working farm for over a century. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.Located just south of U.S. Route 26 on Cornelius Pass Road the estate is now home to a McMenamins brewpub the Cornelius Pass Roadhouse. Original structures on the farm include the home a unique eight-sided barn and a shed.
 The Philbrook Farm Inn is a historic inn on North Road in Shelburne New Hampshire. At the core of the inn's holdings is a farmhouse whose oldest section dates to about 1834. This structure has been repeatedly added onto adding wings for additional guest rooms to the east in the 1860s and 1870s. Additions made to the west of the main house burned in 1934 after which a dining area kitchen and innkeeper's quarters were built in that area.
 The East Hill House and Carriage House is an historic property located in Riverdale Iowa United States. The Colonial Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1999.
 Little Beaver Dam is a historic dam located in Little Beaver State Park near Crow Raleigh County West Virginia. It was built between 1938 and 1942 as a federally supported project of the Works Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps. The dam measures 400 feet long and 29 feet high and is faced with rough chiseled sandstone.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Grand Forks Riverside Neighborhood Historic District is a 112-acre (45 ha) historic district in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.According to The Herald citing Peg O'Leary coordinator of the Grand Forks Historic Preservation Commission:The Riverside area is significant for its “mechanics' cottages” working-class homes with simple yet distinctive designs built in the '20s and '30s O'Leary said and for some homes of early residents dating back as far as the 1880s.About 70 percent of private homes in the Riverside area - which stretches from near Seward Avenue north through Riverside Park and from North Third Street east to the Red River - are listed as “contributing elements” in the historic registry as are the Riverside Pool and the park itself O'Leary said.Many homes in that area were lost during the 1997 flood O'L eary said but the remaining homes were sufficient to win the neighborhood the coveted federal status. 
 The Babcock-Shattuck House also known as Jewish War Veterans Post is a prominent home at the corner of East Genesee and Westcott Streets in Syracuse New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The Queen Anne style house was built in the mid-1890s to be the home of Dr. Archer D. Babcock a founding member of the Crouse-Irving Hospital.
 Staten Island Mall is a shopping mall in the Staten Island borough of New York City United States. It is the only indoor shopping mall in the borough. It is the largest retail center on the island and is the site of the island's third largest public transit hub after the St. George ferry terminal and Eltingville Transit Center respectively with numerous bus routes that connect to the periphery of the mall area.
 All Saints Church Boltongate is in the village of Boltongate Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Solway the archdeaconry of West Cumberland and the diocese of Carlisle. A former fortified church it is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Church of the Holy Family (Spanish: Iglesia de la Sagrada Familia) also known as Capilla Jackson is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Aires Puros Montevideo Uruguay.
 Peninsula Hospital Center (PHC) formerly known as Peninsula General Hospital was a community hospital in the Far Rockaway neighborhood of Queens New York.
 Creek National Capitol also known as Creek Council House is a building in downtown Okmulgee Oklahoma. It was capitol of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation nation from 1878 to 1907 when Oklahoma became a state. In 1919 the U.S.
 St. Christopher's Cathedral in the Dutch city of Roermond is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Roermond.
 Southmall Manurewa is a shopping centre located in Manurewa a suburb of Auckland New Zealand adjacent to the Manurewa Train Station 24.7 kilometres (15.3 mi) south-southeast of the Auckland CBD.
 The Urban Hive is a building designed by architect In-Cheurl Kim located at the address of 200-7 Nonhyun-dong Gangnam-gu in Seoul Korea. The building is called the Urban Hive because of its unusual honeycomb exterior structure.
 Watrous also named La Junta is a historic district in New Mexico.The National Park Service's Statement of Significance for the site (as of designation in 1963) was:Here at the settlement of La Junta de los Rios Mara y Sapello the Mountain and Cimarron Cutoff routes of the Santa Fe Trail joined. Wagon trains organized here before entering hostile Indian territory.
 The Meigs–Bishop House located at 45 Wall St. Madison Connecticut was built in 1690 and is currently used in the commercial operations of a tea room called the Front Parlour.
 Bethesda Presbyterian Church in Camden South Carolina was built in 1822 and is one of few surviving churches designed by Robert Mills.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1985.According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History Mills displayed in Bethesda the work of a maturing architect strongly influenced by Jeffersonian classicism.
 Miantonomi Memorial Park is an historic park between Hillside Avenue and Girard Avenue in Newport Rhode Island.The Narragansett Indians used the area around the park for hundreds of years and the park (and the hill it is on) is named after Sachem or Chief Miantonomi. European settlers used the hill as a lookout and in 1667 built a beacon atop the Hill and later fortifications during the American Revolution. In 1921 the City of Newport received the property from the local Stokes family.
 The Whitney & Company building is a historic industrial facility at 142 Water Street in Leominster Massachusetts. The utilitarian brick four story building was built in 1893 and extended in 1923. It was built by Fred Abbot Whitney and Walther F. Whitney whose father had established the F. A. Whitney Carriage Company. The Whitney brothers' business was the manufacture of boxes notably paper boxes and satin-lined boxes.The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Montgomery Tower part of the Post Montgomery Center complex and formerly Pacific Telesis Tower is an office skyscraper located at the northeast corner of Post and Kearny Streets in the financial district of San Francisco California. The 500-foot (150 m) 38-story tower was completed in 1982 and is connected by the Crocker Galleria mall to McKesson Plaza and has its main entrance on Kearny Street.
 Villa Verde located at 800 S. San Rafael in Pasadena California is a historic estate built in 1927. The estate was designed by Marston Van Pelt & Maybury and is representative of their Spanish Colonial Revival designs. The design features extensive wrought iron ornamentation and a terra cotta roof. F. A.
 Evergreen Cemetery is a cemetery in Menomonie Wisconsin and the largest in Dunn County. It was founded as a private cemetery by Knapp Stout and Company a local lumber house. There are over 1100 graves in the single grave section of the cemetery however many lack headstones because the earliest families could not afford to purchase them on a mill worker's salary. The cemetery is located on Lake Menomin.
 The Armed Forces Museum of Norway is located at Akershus Castle (Building 62) in Oslo Norway. The museum has free admission. Previously it was named Hærmuseet The Army Museum (even earlier Artillery Museum) therefore the museum consists of mostly army materiel. The Armed Forces Museum is the main museum sorting under the Norwegian Armed Forces Museum superstructure.
 The American National Bank Building (also known as the Orange Blossom Hotel) at 1330 Main Street in Sarasota Florida United States is a historic bank. On September 9 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Richmond County Courthouse is a 1919 municipal courthouse in the civic center of St. George in the borough of Staten Island in New York City (Richmond County is coextensive with Staten Island). The neoclassical style courthouse is on Richmond Terrace next to Staten Island's Borough Hall and across the street from the Staten Island Ferry terminal.
 Rockwell Mound has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987. The mound is located in Rockwell Park on North Orange Street in the Illinois River city of Havana in Mason County. Rockwell Mound is one of the site that the Register has denoted as being address restricted because of its special sensitivity. Despite this designation by the Register the mound is operated as a park as of 2007.
 Parker 13-Sided Barn is an officially registered historic barn nestled in the lovely hamlet of Jefferson in Schoharie County New York. It is located on State Route 10 between Harpersfield and Stamford. The barn has a long and colorful history built in 1896 and one of only two 13-sided barns listed in the National Register of Historic Places in this area of New York state.The Parker Barn is a three story structure 60 feet in diameter and was built by Mr.Richtmyer Hubbell over a century ago.
 The Château Saint-Léon is a former castle in the commune of Eguisheim in the Haut-Rhin département of France.
 The Stralsund Theatre (German: Stralsunder Theater) in the German town of Stralsund has a long tradition. Performances of theatre pieces on the Alter Markt are documented in the years 1553 (Tragedie van deme Daniel) and 1584 (De Tragedien van Susannen). The present building was designed by Carl Moritz and opened in 1914. The tradition has continued since the merger of the theatres of the towns of Stralsund and Greifswald in 1994 into the Theatre of West Pomerania (Theater Vorpommern).
 The Porto Pim Whale Factory Museum (Portuguese: Fábrica da Baleia e Centro do Mar) is a whaling museum in the civil parish of Angústias in the municipality of Horta in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. Dedicated to the socio-economic influence of the whaling industry in the region the museum was established in the abandoned whaling factory used for many years in the processing of whale blubber into oil.
 The Omaha Hotel is a former railroad hotel in Neillsville Wisconsin that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1893 near a railroad depot to serve middle-income and business travelers. It continued to operate as a hotel until the 1940s during which time it was renamed the Hotel Paulus and later the Hamilton Hotel.
 Moses Coates Jr. Farm also known as Meadow Brook Farm is a historic home and farm located in Schuylkill Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house is a 2 1/2-story ell shaped stuccoed stone structure with a gable roof. The oldest section dates to about 1754 as a two-story six bay two room over two room house in the Georgian style. About 1800 a three bay section was added.
 Drakenstein Correctional Centre (formerly Victor Verster Prison) is a low-security prison between Paarl and Franschhoek on the R301 road 5 km from the R45 Huguenot Road in the valley of the Dwars River in the Western Cape of South Africa.
 Mashtots Hayrapet (Armenian: Մաշտոց Հայրապետ եկեղեցի; also Pok'r meaning Little) is a church located within the village of Garni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. It was built in the 12th century at the site of what was a pagan shrine. A stone carved from red tufa is situated at the right of the entrance upon a low rock wall. It has on it the design of a bird perched on a floral stem with the rosette of eternity under its tail.
 The Georgetown Market is an historic building constructed in 1865 on the site of a market dating to 1795.It is located at 3276 M Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.The Georgetown Corporation operated the market until incorporated into the District of Columbia. On Sept. 11 1966 the Congress passed preservation legislation.
 No. 1 Croydon (or the 50p Building formerly the NLA Tower the Weddingcake or Threepenny bit building) is a skyscraper at 12-16 Addiscombe Road Croydon London next to East Croydon station. It was designed by Richard Seifert & Partners and completed in 1970. It has 24 storeys and is 269 feet (82 m) high. 'NLA' stood for 'Noble Lowndes Annuities'. The growing town of Croydon attracted many new buildings to be built in the 1970s including No. 1 Croydon.
 The World Trade Center is a complex of buildings under construction in Lower Manhattan New York City United States replacing an earlier complex of seven buildings with the same name on the same site. The original World Trade Center featured landmark twin towers which opened on April 4 1973 and were destroyed in the September 11 attacks of 2001 along with 7 World Trade Center.
 The John Thompson House is one of the best examples of Victorian Italianate style in Ulster County. It is located one-quarter mile from the Hudson River on Maple Avenue in Highland New YorkThe house was built in 1851 by John Thompson (1800–1891) for his wife Electa Ferris (1807–1902) as the family's country home in the Hudson Valley. John Thompson founded the First National Bank of the City of New York in 1863.
 The Seiler Building on First St. E. in Jamestown North Dakota was built in 1904. It was designed by George & Walter Hancock.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986.According to its NRHP nomination the building was nominated due to its association with O. J. Seller and architects George and Walter Hancock its Beaux Arts architecture and its fine integrity of design materials workmanship feeling and association.
 Lidtke Mill is a historic site on the Upper Iowa River located in the Old Town area of Lime Springs Iowa. At one time it not only milled grains but also provided hydroelectric power to surrounding communities. The footprints of a worker nearly electrocuted there can still be seen in the floor of the control room. The mill is now open as a museum. From time to time events such as the Buckwheat Festival are held at site.
 Stewart Bridge is a Howe truss covered bridge built in 1930 near Walden Oregon in Lane County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is 60 feet (18 m) and crosses Mosby Creek a tributary of the Row River.
 Farmington is a historic plantation home located near St. Stephens Church King and Queen County Virginia. The original structure was built about 1795 and later enlarged and modified to its present form in 1859-1860. It is a large two-story frame house with a low-pitch hipped roof and deep eaves. It has a two-story rear addition on the building's southwest side and a one-story addition on the southeast side.
 Linden is a historic home located at Prince Frederick Calvert County Maryland. It is a two-story frame house conservatively Italianate in style built about 1868 with conservative Colonial Revival additions of about 1907. Behind the house are ten standing outbuildings seven dating to the 19th century three of which are of log construction. It is home to the Calvert County Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Church of Saint Apostles Peter and Paul in Štikada is Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia.
 St Mary the Virgin Acocks Green is a Church of England parish church in Acocks Green Birmingham England.
 Old Town Hall and School also known as the Haymarket Museum is a historic town hall and school located at Haymarket Prince William County Virginia. It was built in 1883 and is a front-gable two-story wooden structure clad in weatherboard with Greek Revival and Victorian style decorative elements. It features a square pyramidal-roofed belfry situated above the front gable that has louvers sawn brackets and gables on each face. Its use as a school stopped around 1900.
 HM Prison Lincoln is a Category B men's prison located in Lincoln Lincolnshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The National Museum of Natural History Maltese: Mużew Nazzjonali tal-Istorja Naturali is a natural history museum in the mediaeval walled city of Mdina Malta. It is housed in Palazzo Vilhena a French Baroque palace rebuilt in 1726 by Grand Master Antonio Manoel de Vilhena to designs of Charles François de Mondion.
 Mii-dera (三井寺御井寺) formally called Onjō-ji (園城寺) is a Buddhist temple located at the foot of Mount Hiei in the city of Ōtsu in Shiga Prefecture. It is only a short distance from both Kyoto and Lake Biwa Japan's largest lake. The head temple of the Tendai Jimon sect it is something of a sister temple to Enryaku-ji at the top of the mountain and is one of the four largest temples in Japan.
 The Yellow Palace (Danish: Det Gule Palæ) or Bergum's Mansion is a mansion in Amaliegade next to Amalienborg Palace in the Frederiksstaden district of Copenhagen Denmark. It is considered the first example of Neoclassical architecture in Copenhagen.The mansion was built as a burgher's house but was acquired by the Danish Royal Family.
 The Joshua Jennison House is a historic house at 11 Thornton Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton Massachusetts. The 2 1/2 story wood frame house was built in the 1840s and is an exceptional example of a modest Greek Revival house. The first floor area under the wraparound porch is flushboarded and the front entry is flanked by sidelight windows and cornerboards. The house has pilastered corner boards and a full entablature.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Yazoo City Medium is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Mississippi. It is part of the Yazoo City Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) and operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCC Yazoo City is located 36 miles north of Jackson Mississippi the state capital.
 St Mary's Church Brentingby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Brentingby Leicestershire England. Much of the body of the church has been demolished and converted into a private house leaving the tower standing. The tower is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Aquia Church (1751-1755) in Stafford Virginia USA is an Episcopal church that has been designated a National Historic Landmark since 1991. It maintains an active congregation with a variety of programs and outreach to the community.Established by the then-state Church of England the church building was designed on a relatively rare Greek Cross plan less common for colonial churches.
 Clendenin Historic District is a national historic district located at Clendenin Kanawha County West Virginia. The district includes 38 contributing structures constructed between about 1890 and 1940. Many of the major downtown buildings are constructed of brick and feature heavy cornices brick corbelling and vernacularbuilders facades.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Hausgen House a historic home located on Walnut Lane in Anchorage Kentucky was constructed circa 1890 and is an example of the Colonial Revival design popular in eastern Jefferson County during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The home was built for H. Otto Hausgen by William B. Wood known as Anchorage’s master builder.The foundation of the home is constructed of local limestone; quarried from the nearby community of Peewee Valley Kentucky.
 The Davenport House is a hotel currently known as the Bauer Manor. It is located at 1280 U.S. Route 12 (known locally as Michigan Avenue) near the unincorporated community of Tipton in Franklin Township in northern Lenawee County Michigan.
 SM City BF Parañaque is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the third SM Supermall in Parañaque after SM City Sucat (2001) and SM City Bicutan (2002). The mall opened on November 29 2013.
 The Kiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in the Finnish city of Oulu. It was part of the town of Kiiminki until 2013 when that town was merged into Oulu.The church building has been designed and constructed by Matti Honka an Ostrobothnian builder of churches in the 18th century. Kiiminki Church is typical for Honka as it is a cruciform church with its corners chamfered. The church was completed in 1760 and inaugurated on July 26 1761.
 The Aerial Lift Bridge (earlier known as the Aerial Bridge or Aerial Ferry Bridge) is a major landmark in the port city of Duluth Minnesota. The span began life as an extremely rare transporter bridge — the first of just two such bridges ever constructed in the United States. Originally built in 1905 the bridge was upgraded in 1929–30 to a vertical lift bridge which is rather uncommon and continues to operate today.
 All-Hallows-the-Great was a church in the City of London located on what is now Upper Thames Street first mentioned in 1235. Destroyed in the Great Fire of London of 1666 the church was rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. All-Hallows-the-Great was demolished in 1894 when many bodies were disinterred from the churchyard and reburied at Brookwood Cemetery.
 Sapporo JR Tower (Japanese: JRタワー) is a skyscraper shopping mall and office complex in Sapporo Hokkaidō Japan. The Tower is located above JR Sapporo Station South entrance and the height of the tower is 173 m (568 ft) with 38 stories.
 Aquagrill is a seafood restaurant located at 210 Spring Street (on the corner of Sixth Avenue) in SoHo in Manhattan in New York City. It was opened in 1996 by owners Jennifer and Jeremy Marshall.
 Silver Bluff in Jackson South Carolina consists of 175 acres (71 ha) of cultivated fields and wooded area overlooking the Savannah River. It was the site of an Indian trading post in the 1740s. The community disappeared around the turn of the 20th century. Silver Bluff was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1977.
 Gib Lewis Unit aka Lewis Unit is a Texas state prison located approximately one mile east of Woodville Texas United States. The prison is located on approximately 360 acres and is operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Correctional Institutions Division administered within Region I.
 The Wilkes County Courthouse in Wilkesboro North Carolina was designed by Wheeler Runge & Dickey in Classical Revival and Beaux Arts style. It was built in 1903.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included three contributing buildings on 3.1 acres (1.3 ha).
 Hopi House is located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon within Grand Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of Arizona. Built in 1905 as concessioner facilities at the South Rim were being developed it is the first of eight projects at the Grand Canyon that were designed by architect Mary Colter along with Bright Angel Lodge Hermit's Rest Lookout Studio Phantom Ranch Desert View Watchtower Colter Hall and Victor Hall (the latter two being employee dormitories).
 The Francis Wyman House is a historic house at 56 Francis Wyman Road in Burlington Massachusetts.The earliest part of the house was built in 1666 with a major addition taking place in 1730. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.On November 26 1996 a fire severely burned the inside of the house. During the summer of 2012 the house will be open to the public for the first time ever.
 Heiligenkreuz Abbey (Stift Heiligenkreuz Closter Heiligen Creyz or Santa Crux) is a Cistercian monastery in the village of Heiligenkreuz in the southern part of the Vienna woods c. 13 km north-west of Baden in Lower Austria. It is the oldest continuously occupied Cistercian monastery in the world.
 Public School No. 99 also known as Columbus School is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a two story Romanesque Revival styled structure constructed in 1891 and expanded in 1905 and 1912. It features a three story central square tower with pyramidal roof and a flanking pair of cylindrical corner towers with conical roofs. The structure is currently used as the South Clifton Park Community Center.Public School No.
 The North Carolina Museum of Art (NCMA) is an art museum in Raleigh North Carolina which opened in 1956 as the first major museum collection in the country to be formed by State legislation and funding. Since the initial 1947 appropriation that established its collection the Museum has continued to be a model of enlightened public policy with free admission to the permanent collection.
 John Richardson House is a historic house at 242 Phinney's Lane in Barnstable Massachusetts.The Federal style house was built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Legg's Dependence also known as Long Creek Farm and William E. Porter Farm is a historic home located at Stevensville Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story center-hall plan brick house. It was built in several stages beginning around 1760–80 as a single-story hall/parlor plan dwelling. It was enlarged to its present form during the second quarter of the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Hotel Alba Caracas is the first 5 star hotel in Venezuela dedicated to the integration of tourism with arts and culture. It is located in the cultural and financial center of Caracas between Av. Mexico with Av. Sur 25. It overlooks El Ávila National Park and Los Caobos Park and has direct access to the Caracas Metro. It is the largest hotel in Venezuela and has a height of 120 meters.[citation needed]
 The Denham Springs City Hall was listed in the National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisiana on April 16 1993. It was constructed in the late 1930s by the WPA and last used in the 1980s. A complete restoration costing some $695000 was completed in late 2008 and rededication ceremonies held on April 17. The building now serves as a tourism office where maps and information are distributed to people visiting the Antique Village.
 The CN Tower (French: Tour CN) is a 553.33 m-high (1815.4 ft) concrete communications and observation tower in Downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. Built on the former Railway Lands it was completed in 1976 becoming the world's tallest free-standing structure and world's tallest tower at the time. It held both records for 34 years until the completion of Burj Khalifa and Canton Tower in 2010.
 Twin Oaks Farm is a historic home and farm located in Bedford County Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a rambling two-story frame and log farmhouse with Gothic Revival style decorative detailing. It features a frame wraparound porch on the south and west elevations. Also on the property are a contributing dingle dwelling (1930s) spring house (1850s) tenant house (1916) Apple Barn (1916) and chicken coop (1920s).
 The Mall Athens is a shopping mall in Athens Greece. It was the first of the kind to be constructed in Greece and one of the largest shopping and leisure centres in Southeastern Europe. The Mall Athens is located close to the Athens Olympic Stadium in the suburb of Maroussi and was opened to the public on November 25 2005.
 Wrangel Palace (Swedish: Wrangelska palatset) is a townhouse mansion on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan the old town of Stockholm in Sweden.
 Castle Biljoen lies between the Veluwe and the IJssel near Velp. This Noble House from the 16th century was rebuilt by Alexander van Spaen (1619–1692) into the present day castle with four equal corner towers.
 The Andrew McNally House in Altadena California was the home of Andrew McNally(1838-1904) co-founder and president of the Rand McNally publishing company. The Queen Anne Style house is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. McNally was an Irish immigrant who worked as a printer. When he came to the United States he first worked for the Chicago Tribune when he met William Rand. Together they formed the company that bears their names.
 Cole Hotel also known as Cole European Hotel was a hotel in Fargo North Dakota United States. The hotel building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was removed from the National Register in 2009.Edward Cole entered the hotel business following the 1893 Fargo fire which destroyed all the first class hotels in the city.
 The Highland Park Manufacturing Company Mill No. 3 located at 2901 N. Davidson St. in Charlotte North Carolina was built in 1903. It was designed by Stuart W. Cramer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 for its architecture and/or engineering. The listing included five contributing buildings on 9.3 acres (3.8 ha).
 Bon Appétit is a restaurant located at 9 James Terrace Malahide County Dublin Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that received one Michelin star from 2008 up until now.The restaurant is established in 2006 and housed in a classic Georgian house in the village of Malahide. Aside from the Michelin-starred restaurant there is also a brasserie in the building.
 The Bell Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. The bridge is a covered multiple kingpost through-truss design crossing over Falls Creek (Southwest Fork of Wolf Creek) in Washington County. Built in 1888 by Ebenezer B. Henderson the bridge was originally used for horse-powered transportation and was later modified to allow motorized vehicles to cross the creek. The bridge is still in use today.
 Pick-Staiger Concert Hall is a building on the campus of Northwestern University in EvanstonIllinois. The hall was named for Corinne Frada Pick Pick’s wife and Pauline Pick Staiger his sister and Staiger’s late wife. The building was constructed mostly from precast concrete and glass and seats 1003. All seats have an unobstructed view of the stage. It also includes thirty plastic dish-shaped panels over the stage.
 Bourne Mill is an historic textile mill on the border between Tiverton Rhode Island and Fall River Massachusetts. The various buildings in the cotton mill complex were completed from 1881 to 1951 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. The Bourne corporation had a unique profit sharing arrangement based upon Jonathan Bourne's experience in the whaling industry. The company treasurer George A.
 Château Bel Air is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 The Migration Museum is a social history museum located in Adelaide South Australia. It is one of the three museums operated by History SA. It deals with the immigration and settlement history of South Australia and maintains both a permanent and a rotating collection of works. Founded as an initiative of the State government in 1983 and with the museum opening in 1986 the Migration Museum in Adelaide is the oldest Museum of its kind in Australia.
 Château de Lascoux is a château in Celles Dordogne Aquitane France.
 St Senara's Church or The Church of Saint Senara in Zennor Churchtown Cornwall England UK is the parish church of the parish of Zennor. It is in the Deanery of Penwith Archdeaconry of Cornwall and Diocese of Truro. It is dedicated to the local saint Saint Senara and is at least 1400 years old though it was rebuilt in the 12th century. It is a Grade I listed building.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Croome D'Abitot is a redundant Anglican church in the grounds of Croome Court at Croome D'Abitot Worcestershire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands on a hill in Croome Park.
 The Palazzo Aldovrandi is a Senatorial palace on Strada di Galliera in Bologna built in Rococo style.Replacing an older construction the palace we see today began in 1725 under the patronage of the Cardinal Pompeo Aldrovandi with plans commissioned from Franco Maria Angelini. After Angelini's death in 1731 the work including the Rococo facade ornamented with Istrian marble continued by 1741 under Alfonso Torreggiani.
 The J.E. Buswell House is a historic house at 535-537 Prospect Street in Methuen Massachusetts built in 1875.This house is a well preserved businessman's and state representative's residence and characteristic of the Prospect/Brook Street residential are. It is also the finest remaining example of Second Empire design in the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places January 20 1984.
 The Dr. William Henry Cavell House at 402 W. Robinson St. in Carson City Nevada United States was built in 1907. It is one of two Carson City houses constructed from the same plans designed by Oakland California architect John Conant. It includes Shingle Style and Colonial Revival architectural elements.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was deemed significant for association with dentist Dr.
 The Textron Tower formerly the Old Stone Tower is an International-style skyscraper in downtown Providence Rhode Island. It is the world headquarters of Textron.At 311 ft (95 m) it stands as the 5th-tallest building in the city and the state. Created by the same architects as the Empire State Building the Textron Tower is set back some from the building line and raised above the street on a podium.
 The Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse in Portland Oregon. It is named in honor of former U.S. Senator Mark O. Hatfield. It is used by the United States District Court for the District of Oregon.The federal government originally planned to increase courtroom space in Portland by building a 13-story annex adjacent to the Gus J. Solomon United States Courthouse.
 The historic Madame C.J. Walker Building which houses the Madame Walker Theatre Center has long symbolized the spirit of creativity and community pride in the City of Indianapolis. Named after America’s first self-made female millionaire Madam C.J. Walker the site represents the achievements art forms culture and history of African American people. As Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company it was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991.
 The National Basilica of the Sacred Heart (French: Basilique Nationale du Sacré-Cœur Dutch: Nationale Basiliek van het Heilig-Hart) is a Roman Catholic Minor Basilica and parish church in Brussels. The church was dedicated to the Sacred Heart inspired by the Basilique du Sacré-Coeur in Paris. Symbolically King Leopold II laid the first stone of the basilica in 1905 during the celebrations of the 75th anniversary of Belgian independence.
 United Christian Hospital (Chinese: 基督教聯合醫院) is an acute care hospital in Kwun Tong of New Kowloon in Hong Kong operated by the Hospital Authority. The hospital has 1174 beds and staff of 3000 serving East Kowloon in Hong Kong.Founded in 1973 it has links to Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital via the Hong Kong Christian Council. The hospital's first chief medical superintendent was Dr. Edward Hamilton Paterson.
 The Forestdale School also known as the Greenville School is a historic one-room school building at 87 Falmouth-Sandwich Road in Sandwich Massachusetts. The single story wood frame structure was built in 1878. It has Greek Revival features including gable end returns and transom windows over the two entrances.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 James A. Garfield National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in Mentor Ohio. The site preserves the property associated with the 20th President of the United States James Abram Garfield.
 Earlysville Union Church also known as Earlysville Free Union Church is a historic church located on VA 743 northwest of the junction with VA 633 in Earlysville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built in 1833 and is a one-story frame building with weatherboard siding and a gable roof on a low stone foundation. Entrance to the building is by two doors on the south gable end. It measures approximately 50 feet long by 30 feet wide.
 Middletown Upper Houses Historic District also known as the Upper Houses River Port is a 70-acre (28 ha) historic district in Cromwell Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It includes Late Victorian Colonial and Federal architecture. When listed the district included 58 contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing site.
 The Poydras Center is a 27-story 300 feet (91 m)-tall skyscraper located at 650 Poydras Street at the intersection with St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana.
 Barton Villa at 11245 Nevada St. in Redlands California is a historic Second Empire house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built as a vernacular house during 1866-67 was renovated to Greek Revival c. 1871-72 and renovated again into Second Empire style in 1893.
 The Chinese Aviation Museum (simplified Chinese: 中国航空博物馆; traditional Chinese: 中國航空博物館; pinyin: Zhōngguó Hángkōng Bówùguǎn) is also sometimes referred to as Datangshan due to its location adjacent to the mountain of the same name.
 Miller Brothers Farm also called Kensington Big House is a Classical Revival style house located in Kensington Georgia along State Route 912. Built in 1890 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Ritz-Carlton Montréal is a hotel that is found at 1228 Sherbrooke Street West on the corner of Drummond Street in Montréal Quebec. Opened in 1912 it was the first hotel in North America to bear the Ritz Carlton name.
 Carbrooke Preceptory was a medieval monastic house of Knights Templar and Knights Hospitaller in Norfolk England.
 The Château de Viverols is a castle in Viverols in the Puy-de-Dôme département of France.
 Park Royal Shopping Centre opened in 1950 is a shopping mall located in West Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Park Royal is officially Canada's first covered shopping mall. Park Royal currently markets itself as five star shopping and has undergone significant changes to attain this.
 The Expo Axis is one of the world's largest membrane roofs. It spans the entrance and boulevard building of the World Exposition 2010 in Shanghai.The combination of the membrane structure which has a surface of 65000 m2 in total with a span of 100 m and the six steelglass funnels of 45 m height formed of a freeform double-curved framework constitutes the landmark of the Expo Shanghai 2010.
 Sgt. William H. Carney House is a historic house at 128 Mill Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1975.
 Zero’s Subs is an American-origin restaurant chain that was established in Virginia Beach in 1967. The company slogan is We're Hot and on a Roll. Zero’s Subs has been franchising since 1994.
 Rockdale Community Church is a historic church on New York State Route 8 in the hamlet of Rockdale Chenango County New York. It was built in 1860 and is a one story rectangular wood frame building three bays long and three bays wide. It sits on a stone foundation and is surmounted by a gable roof. It features a two stage tower topped by a small cross.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Fort York is a historic site of military fortifications and related buildings on the west side of downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. The fort was built by the British Army and Canadian militia troops in the late 18th and early 19th centuries to defend the settlement and the new capital of the Upper Canada region from the threat of a military attack principally from the newly independent United States. It was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923.
 Bethany Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Centreville Mississippi.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 The Chase County Courthouse located on Broadway between 9th and 10th Sts. Imperial Nebraska was built during 1910–1912 of dark brick and limestone trim with Jacobethan features unique in Nebraska courthouses.It was designed by architect A.T. Simmons of Bloomington Illinois who later designed the Dundy County Courthouse in adjacent Dundy County Nebraska.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Bigelow School is an historic school at 350 West 4th Street in South Boston Massachusetts.The school was designed in 1901 by Charles J. Bateman and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Wellington House also known as Charles Estabrook Mansion is a historic home designed by Ward Wellington Ward in Fayetteville New York. It was built in 1922 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 New Lots Reformed Church and Cemetery is a historic Dutch Reformed church and cemetery at 630 New Lots Avenue in New Lots Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1823-1824 and is a small rectangular wood frame building sheathed in clapboard. It has a pitched gable roof and sits on a rough stone foundation. Adjacent to the church is the cemetery divided into two sections. The older section dates to the 17th century and includes burials of Revolutionary War soldiers and slaves.
 The Edwin Johnson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 183 Austin Street in Worcester Massachusetts. When the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was highlighted for its Queen Anne styling including a three-tier porch with turned balusters bracketed roofs and spindled friezes. Since then much of this detail has been removed or obscured (see phote).
 Marton Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England. It surrendered to King Henry VIII's agents during the Dissolution of the Lesser Monasteries on 9 February 1536.
 Totnes Trinitarian Priory was a medieval monastic house in Devon England.
 The Araluen Cultural Precinct formerly the Araluen Centre for Arts & Entertainment in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory Australia is a cultural centre incorporating museums and a theatre. The Araluen Arts Centre features four art galleries. The Albert Namatjira Gallery features a large collection of works by Aboriginal artist Albert Namatjira his family and contemporaries and current works by Aboriginal watercolour artists.
 The T-Room is located in downtown Halifax Nova Scotia on Barrington Street between Spring Garden Road and Morris Street. It was opened in 1937 by Fredrick T. Sexton on the campus of the Nova Scotia Technical College which is today the Sexton Campus of Dalhousie University. Dr. Sexton served as the first principal and later president of NSTC from 1907 to 1947.
 The old German government headquarters situated in Douala is a building constructed in 1891 by the Germans in a classical Prussian style.
 The San Carlos Hotel sometimes called the Hotel San Carlos and affectionately dubbed the Gray Lady of Palafox was a grand and revered hotel in Pensacola for much of the 20th century.The San Carlos Hotel was the project of local businessmen James Muldon and F. F. Bingham who saw the need for the kind of upscale hotel being erected in larger cities and issued stock in the project under the name Pensacola Hotel Company.
 The Epic of American Civilization is a mural by the social realist painter José Clemente Orozco. It is located in the basement reading room of the Baker Memorial Library on the campus of Dartmouth College in Hanover New Hampshire.
 The Whitworth Art Gallery is an art gallery in Manchester England containing about 55000 items in its collection. The museum is located south of the Manchester University campus in Whitworth Park.
 The Calumet Hotel also known as the Calumet Inn anchors the historic district of downtown Pipestone Minnesota United States. The three-story Richardsonian Romanesque hotel was built with light pink jasper quartzite as opposed to the red Sioux quartzite used in most other downtown buildings. The present hotel was built to replace a previous hotel also three-stories which was destroyed in an 1886 fire.
 The Milaca Municipal Hall or Milaca City Hall located at 145 Central Ave South in Milaca Minnesota United States was built in the Streamline Moderne architectural style using stone brick and concrete. The building is a typical example of construction performed by the Works Progress Administration during the Great Depression. One hundred fifty five workers and six superintendents labored to construct the flagstone-faced municipal hall.
 The American Museum in Britain is based at Claverton Manor near Bath England in a house designed by Jeffry Wyatville and built in the 1820s on the site of a manor bought by Ralph Allen in 1758 replacing the manor house built by Ralph of Shrewsbury around 1340.
 The Shepard Block is a historic rowhouse at 298–304 Essex Street in Salem Massachusetts. It consists of a row of four brick residences which were built in 1851 by Michael Shepard as an investment. Each unit is three bays wide and 3.5 stories high; windows on the second and third floors feature granite lintels while the ground floor of each was modified in the 19th century to accommodate retail storefronts.
 Mansfield is a historic plantation home located near Petersburg Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built in stages starting about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story long and narrow frame dwelling with a hipped roof. It has a hipped roof rear ell connected to the main house by a hyphen. It features an octastyle Colonial Revival porch stretching the full length of the front facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The John T. Rich House at 275 W. Clark St. in Grantsville Utah was built c.1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.Its NRHP nomination asserted that it was architecturally important as one of just 11 documented surviving Italianate two story box-style houses in Utah and the only one of those made from adobe.
 Matton Shipyard is a historic shipyard and canal boat service yard located on Van Schaick Island at Cohoes in Albany County New York. It consists of eight extant buildings various surviving features and archaeological remains dating to the period 1916 to 1983 when the site functioned as a shipyard repair facility and towboat operation on the New York State Barge Canal and Champlain Canal. Extant buildings include the office / stores (ca. 1916-1917) watchman's building (ca.
 US Post Office-Clyde is a historic post office building located at Clyde in Wayne County New York. It was designed and built in 1940–1941 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. It is a 1 1⁄2-story steel-framed brick building on a raised foundation with a limestone watercourse in the Colonial Revival style.
 Church of the Holy Trinity is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore. Its current address is 20 Tampines Street 11 Tampines New Town Singapore 529455. It currently has an approximate population of 13720 the largest parish in Singapore.
 Holy Trinity Church Colton is located to the east of the village of Colton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice has been united with those of St Mary the Virgin Egton-cum-Newland and St Luke Lowick. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Techirghiol TV Tower is a 146-meter high TV tower built of reinforced concrete at Techirghiol Romania.
 The Surf Ballroom (the Surf) is a Historic Rock and Roll Landmark at 460 North Shore Drive Clear Lake Iowa. The Surf is closely associated with the event known colloquially as The Day the Music Died - early rock and roll stars Buddy Holly Ritchie Valens and J. P. The Big Bopper Richardson gave their last performances at the Surf on February 2 1959 as part of the Winter Dance Party Tour.On September 6 2011 The Surf Ballroom was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Ashland (FCI Ashland) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kentucky. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Ashland is located approximately 125 miles east of Lexington Kentucky.
 St Agatha’s Landport is an historic church in the Landport district of Portsmouth.
 The Butts County Courthouse is an historic government building constructed in 1898 in Jackson Butts County Georgia United States.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1980.
 In mid-May 1861 U. S. Navy lieutenant William Bull Nelson armed Kentuckians loyal to the Union and that soon became the foundation for his receiving authority to enlist 10000 troops for a campaign into East Tennessee. On August 6 1861 those recruits marched into Camp Dick Robinson making it the first Federal base south of the Ohio River. For Col. George C. Kniffen the wisdom of President Lincoln commissioning . . .
 The Whittemore House is an historic house at 267 Broadway in Arlington Massachusetts. The Greek Revival was built c. 1850 and is the only house in Arlington with the full temple-front treatment. It as two-story fluted Doric columns supporting a projecting gable end with a fan louver in the tympanum area.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 First Methodist Church is located in Waukesha Wisconsin. It is affiliated with the United Methodist Church. The church designed by Henry F. Starbuck was built in the Romanesque architectural style in 1895. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1983 for its architectural significance.
 <tr><td colspan=2 style=text-align:center;border: 0;;></td></tr><tr><th scope=row style=text-align:left;border: 0;;>Designated:</th><td style=border: 0;;>April 16 1990</td></tr>The Exchange Building is a 22-story (275 ft) Art Deco office building located in the central business district of Seattle Washington. It was designed by John Graham & Associates and completed in 1930.
 Sheraton Incheon Hotel is the first hotel to open in Sondo IBD. Hotel is adjacent to the Northeast Asia Trade Tower Songdo Convensia and Songdo Central Park.It is a five-star rated hotel managed by Starwood and it is a LEED Certified hotel designed by HOK. Sustainable strategy includes two four story tall perforated aluminum sunshades that can minimize the exposure to direct solar gain.
 Landis Shoe Company Building is a historic factory building located at Palmyra Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1905-1906 and expanded in 1911 and is a three-story brick building on a stone foundation. It is 26 bays wide by 4 bays deep.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Frawley Historic Ranch is an historic ranch in Lawrence County South Dakota near Spearfish South Dakota. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1977.At the time of the designation in 1977 it was stated:Frawley Ranch represents the development of practical land use for an area unsuited to homestead farming. In the 1890s lawyer Henry J. Frawley acquired several unsuccessful homestead farms and created a large and prosperous ranch here.
 The Mount Airy Forest in Cincinnati Ohio was established in 1911. It was one of the earliest if not the first urban reforestation project in the United States. With nearly 1500 acres (610 ha) it's the largest park in Cincinnati's park system.
 La Casa Primera de Rancho San Jose is a historic adobe structure built in 1837 in Pomona California. It is the oldest home located in the Pomona Valley and in the old Rancho San Jose land grant. It was declared a historic landmark in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in April 1975.
 The Betsy Ross House is a landmark in Philadelphia where Betsy Ross purportedly lived when legend says she made the first American Flag.
 The Standard House is a landmark in the city of Peekskill in Westchester County New York. It is located on Hudson Avenue right next to a grade crossing on the Metro-North Hudson Line and its Peekskill station. The Standard House is also now the home of Dylan's Wine Cellar which occupies the first floor.
 Villa Loyola is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Greater Sudbury Ontario. It is the only Canadian French-speaking Jesuit centre outside of Quebec. As well serving as a retreat centre it is also an ecumenical and interfaith conference centre. It is situated on the shore of Long Lake off Municipal Road 80 to the south of Sudbury's urban core.
 Ellert en Brammert is an open-air museum in Schoonoord expositing the way people lived in Drenthe at the time of the peat digging. It was named after a myth about the two giants Ellert and Brammert who prowled around the Ellertsveld.
 The Rock Café in Stroud Oklahoma a historic restaurant on U.S. Route 66 takes its name from the local sandstone used in its construction.Originally built in 1936 and opened in 1939 the Rock Café reopened on May 29 2009 after extensive repairs by historic preservationist David Burke due to damage from a 2008 fire. The restaurant's cookbook written during the rebuilding effort was published in November 2009.Rock Café proprietor Dawn Welch a long-time promoter of U.S.
 Makati Shangri-La Manila is a 5-star luxury hotel located in Makati City Philippines and one of the three hotels managed by Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts located in Metro Manila Philippines. It opened on April 27 1993.
 The Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration an Episcopal church building in Belle Plaine Minnesota is a Carpenter Gothic style building with wooden buttresses. Sometimes referred to as a prairie Gothic church it was built in 1868 for English-speaking parishioners but most of the rural residents at the time were German and Irish immigrants who brought their own languages and religious practices with them.
 St Olga Ukrainian Catholic Church Woodston Peterborough England was built in 1964. There is a Ukrainian Mission based in this church. The parish priest is Fr Roman Badiak.It is part of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church and the Apostolic Exarchate for Ukrainians while also being part of the Catholic Church in England and Wales. It is part of the Catholic parish of St Peter and All Souls Peterborough.
 The Yenowine-Nichols-Collins House was once on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgetown Indiana. A fire took place on October 31 2005 due to Halloween arson. The First Harrison Bank has plans to renovate the building into a new bank branch assuming zoning approval.
 Iloilo Mission Hospital (also referred to as Mission Hospital Mission or IMH) is a private tertiary training and teaching hospital located in Jaro Iloilo City Philippines. It was established in 1901 by Mr. and Mrs. Andrew J.
 Fiesole Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di San Romolo Duomo di Fiesole) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Fiesole Tuscany central Italy. It is the seat of the Bishop of Fiesole and is dedicated to Saint Romulus.
 Experimental Mine U.S. Bureau of Mines is a landmark located in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bruceton Pennsylvania. In 1910 the newly created U.S. Bureau of Mines leased a 38-acre tract of land from the Pittsburgh Coal Company and opened the Experimental Mine.One of the early findings in the Experimental Mine demonstrated that coal dust by itself was capable of propagating an explosion even in the absence of any methane gas.
 Wareham Nunnery was a Benedictine nunnery in Dorset England.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the town of Burnley Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Blackburn. The oldest part of the church the lower tower dates from the 15th century and there are several later additions and restorations. St Peter's has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 Philemon Sage House is a historic house at 69 Sandy Brook Turnpike (MA 183) in Sandisfield Massachusetts. The Federal style 2.5 story house was built c. 1799. Its main block is 5 bays wide with a central door and twin chimneys on the center ridgeline. A 1.5 story addition juts from the rear of the house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 National Bank of North Philadelphia also known as the Beury Building is a historic bank building located in the Nicetown-Tioga neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1926 and is a 10- to 11-story limestone brick and terra cotta building in the Art Deco style. It is topped by a three-story penthouse with a pyramidal roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Savenac Nursery Historic District is located near Haugan in Mineral County Montana. It is 15 miles from St. Regis Montana. Savenac was once one of the largest and oldest USDA Forest Service tree nurseries in the western United States operating from 1907 until 1969. The nursery was created by Elers Koch of the Forest Service who also helped fight the Great Fire of 1910 that destroyed much of the northern Rocky Mountains including the nursery.
 Dowden's Luck is a historic home located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland United States. The main house is a 2 1⁄2-story late Federal-style frame house. Major additions were made in 1855 and 1910. Also on the property are a one-story gable-roofed stone slave quarters a one-story gable-roofed brick smokehouse a stone spring house and the foundations of two barns all built during the 1824-1850 plantation period.
 The Wheeler-Harrington House is a historic house at 249 Harrington Avenue in Concord Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was probably built around 1742 around the time of the marriage of Josiah and Mary Wheeler. It is the oldest known building in West Concord. It remained in Wheeler family hands until 1827 when it along with 100 acres (40 ha) of farmland was sold to Joseph Harrington Jr. of Lexington.
 The Head Office building of The Bank of New South Wales was designed by prolific Melbourne architect Joseph Reed and constructed at 368-374 Collins St Melbourne in 1856-7. Reed was awarded first prize worth £75 in the Bank of New South Wales’ competition to design their new Melbourne headquarters on a vacant block of land facing the prominent Criterion Hotel. Reed’s design was chosen for its extensive use of ornamentation on the relatively small scale building.
 The Church of Our Lady & St Alphege is a Roman Catholic church located in the Oldfield Park suburb of Bath Somerset. The church was built between 1927 and 1929 to the designs of Sir Giles Gilbert Scott the architect of Liverpool Cathedral. The church is modelled on the Early Christian basilica of Santa Maria in Cosmedin Rome. It is a Grade II* listed building.The exterior is Romanesque of Bath Stone rubble. A three-arched loggia with Byzantine columns and capitals surrounds it.
 The Church of Saints Peter and Paul in the Old Town district of Kraków Poland (Polish: Kościół ŚŚ Piotra i Pawła w Krakowie) is a Roman Catholic Polish Baroque church located at ul. Grodzka 54 street. It was built between 1597–1619 by Giovanni Maria Bernardoni who perfected the original design of Józef Britius. It is the biggest of the historic Churches of Kraków in terms of seating capacity. Since 1842 it serves the Catholic All Saints parish.
 The Uptown Theater also known as The Uptown or AMC Loews Uptown 1 is a historic single-screen movie theater in the Cleveland Park neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 The Gov. John Hopwood Mickey House at State St. in Osceola Nebraska was built in c.1883-1884. It was a home of John Hopwood Mickey. In 1977 the house was leased by and was also known as the Polk County Historical Museum which includes other historic buildings that have been moved onto the property.Alone out of the buildings on the property the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Harry Evans Covered Bridge crosses Rock Run Creek southeast of Mecca Indiana. It is a single span Burr Arch covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1906. It is 81 feet (25 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high.
 The Keedy House is a historic home located at Boonsboro Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story home three bays wide and two deep built of coursed gray stone about 1790. Also on the property is a small stone bank house with a two-story porch and a small stone springhouse.The Keedy House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Nieuwerkerken Castle is a castle in Nieuwerkerken Belgium.
 The Shemer Art Center and Museum is an art education facility and gallery in Phoenix Arizona. The center was founded in 1984 by Martha Shemer who purchased a mission-style house and three acres not only to preserve the property but to donate it to the City of Phoenix to be used for art education.
 First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1907 is an historic Christian Science church building located at 406-408 Middle Street in New Bern North Carolina in the United States. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by prolific local architect Herbert Woodley Simpson. On October 2 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.First Church of Christ Scientist New Bern is still an active Christian Science congregation.
 Dwight Presbyterian Mission was one of the first American missions to the Native Americans established in Arkansas and Indian Territory. It had been requested by Tahlonteskee the Principal Chief of the Western Cherokees after he had visited Brainerd Mission in 1818. The mission was founded in 1821 on Illinois Bayou near Russellville Arkansas by Cephas Washburn. It was named for Rev.
 Vase with White and Red Carnations is a work of Vincent van Gogh. It is an oil on canvas painting by him. Being in a private collection it was established in the summer of 1886. By the name the painting consists of white and red carnation flowers in golden shaded and printed dark brown colored vase.
 The Cedar Point Light is a restored lighthouse on the grounds of the Cedar Point in Sandusky Ohio USA. The original lighthouse at the site was built in 1839 and a front range light was added to the station in 1853. A new lighthouse the structure which stands today was completed in 1867. This light served as a navigational aid until 1904 in which year the light tower was removed from atop the dwelling.
 The Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at One Cathedral Square in Altoona Pennsylvania. It is within the boundaries of the Downtown Altoona Historic District added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown and is the seat of its prelate bishop Mark Leonard Bartchak. The cathedral was built between September 17 1924 and November 13 1960.
 The Paramount Theatre is located at 125 4th Avenue NE Austin in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The theater was built as an atmospheric theatre in 1929 to great fanfare being the first movie palace in Austin accommodating 914 seats. The ceiling was painted with figures of dogs winged creatures and Spanish designs. It served the town until it closed in 1975 the genre being quashed by television and mall cinemas.
 St Peter's Church is the parish church of Prestbury Cheshire England. It is probably the fourth church on the site. The third the Norman Chapel stands in the churchyard. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The Norman Chapel the lychgate and west wall the Hearse House and the sundial in the churchyard are listed at Grade II.
 The Reebie Storage Warehouse was built for the Reebie Storage and Moving Company in Chicago Illinois in 1922. Located at 2325-2333 North Clark Street in the Lincoln Park neighborhood it is a widely recognized example of Egyptian Revival architecture. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on March 21 1979 and was designated a Chicago Landmark on September 1 1999.Architect George Kingsley (1870-1956) and sculptor Fritz Albert designed the warehouse.
 The Cutts-Madison House (also known as the Dolley Madison House) is an American colonial-style historic home located at 721 Madison Place NW in Washington D.C. The house is best known for being the residence of former First Lady Dolley Madison who lived there from November 1837 until her death in July 1849.The Cutts-Madison House is a National Historic Landmark part of the Lafayette Square Historic District.
 Design Museum Holon is the first museum in Israel dedicated to Design. The building of the museum was planned and designed by Israeli architect and industrial designer Ron Arad in cooperation with Bruno Asa. The museum is in the eastern part of the new culture area of Holon that includes the Médiathèque (central library theater cinémathèque). Nearby is the faculty of design in the Holon Institute of Technology.The museum opened on 3 March 2010.
 Fort Chadbourne was a fort established by the United States Army on October 28 1852 in what is now Coke County Texas to protect the western frontier and the Butterfield Overland Mail route. Named after Lt. T.L. Chadbourne killed in the Battle of Resaca de la Palma. It was manned by Companies A and K of the 8th U.S. Infantry. During the early days of the American Civil War the fort surrendered to the Confederates on February 28 1861 even before Fort Sumter South Carolina.
 Legacy Holladay Park Medical Center started in 1893 as Hahnemann Hospital. By 1947 the hospital had 100 beds and that year it changed its name to Holladay Park Hospital with plans to expand to 200 beds. With a merger with Physicians & Surgeons Hospital in 1985 the name was changed to Holladay Park Medical Center. At that time both hospitals were part of Metropolitan Hospitals Inc. that had been formed by Physicians & Surgeons Hospital and Emanuel Hospital.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Limanes) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Decker Towers is an eleven-floor apartment building located at 230 St. Paul Street in Burlington Vermont. At 124 feet (38 m) tall it is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Vermont and the shortest of any state's tallest building. It is located in the smallest of any state's biggest city (Burlington Vermont). Decker Towers was built as a turnkey project. After it was built by Pizzagalli Construction Company in 1971 it was purchased by the city of Burlington.
 The Wallace Farm (also known as Pioneer Farm) is a historic farm at 27 Wallace Road in Columbia New Hampshire. The farmstead consists of a series of connected buildings the oldest of which is the c. 1825 main house and a separate dairy barn. The farm includes 125 acres (51 ha) of land. The house is a 2.5 story timber frame structure that has an L shape and exhibits Greek Revival styling. The interior was extensively restyled in the 1850s or 1860s.
 Colerain Forges Mansion is a historic home located at Franklin Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in four stages between the late-18th century and mid- to late-19th century. It appears as a two-story five bay T-shaped dwelling with a one-story full-length porch in the Federal style. The oldest section is the two-story plastered midsection. The frame portion to the east dates to the 1830s and the brick section to the west to the 1840s.
 St. Luke's Hospital is a historic former hospital at 11311 Shaker Boulevard in Cleveland Ohio.The hospital building was constructed in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Inova Fairfax Hospital is the largest hospital in Northern Virginia and the flagship hospital of Inova Health System. Located in Fairfax County Virginia Inova Fairfax Hospital is one of the largest employers in the County. The hospital campus includes the only heart institute in the region[citation needed] the 156-bed Inova Heart and Vascular Institute as well as the Inova Fairfax Hospital for Children.
 The Ross House Museum is a museum in Winnipeg Manitoba housed in a log house (constructed 1852–55) that is on the Canadian Register of Historic Places. Originally standing on the bank of the Red River at the foot of what is now Market Avenue the building became the first post office in Western Canada with the appointment of WilliamRoss as postmaster by the Council of Assiniboia in 1855.
 The Brighton Wheel also known during its planning and construction phase as the Brighton O and the Wheel of Excellence is a transportable Ferris wheel installation erected in October 2011 on the seafront in Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It has planning permission to remain in place until 2016.
 The John Patrick McNaughton Barn also known as the McNaughton Barn or the Max Mirage View Farm Barn is a 3½ story wooden barn located in Ottawa County near Miami Oklahoma. Built on a rising hill in 1893 as a multi-purpose barn the McNaughton Barn is still in use today at the Ankenman Ranch a working cattle ranch.The barn stands on a limestone foundation dug from the hill itself.
 Hauteroche Castle (French: Château de Hauteroche) is a ruined 14th-century castle destroyed after a siege in 1554 in the village of Dourbes in the municipality of Viroinval province of Namur Belgium.The castle site was scientifically excavated between 1976 and 2002.
 The Heineken Experience located in Amsterdam is a historic brewery and corporate visitor center for the internationally distributed Dutch pilsner Heineken beer.The industrial facility was built as the first Heineken brewery in 1867 serving as the company's primary brewing facility until 1988 when a more modern larger facility was constructed on the outskirts of the city.
 The I. and E. Greenwald Steam Engine No. 1058 is a historic stationary steam engine or mill engine in Miami Florida. It is located at 3898 Shipping Avenue. On March 12 1987 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was notable for its use of a rope-drive pulley to lineshafts.
 The Delos A. Blodgett House also known as 8VO4385 is a Queen Anne style historic home in Daytona Beach Florida United States. It was built in 1896.In 1993 it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.It is located at 404 Ridgewood Avenue in Daytona Beach.
 Bécsi kapu (in English Gate of Vienna) is located at the Bécsi kapu square Buda Castle in 1st District Budapest Hungary. As the name suggests it was the port connecting the Castle with the highway to Vienna.
 The Regions-Harbert Plaza is a 32-story 437-foot-tall (133 m) office building located in Birmingham Alabama. The building was originally known as the AmSouth-Harbert Plaza but was renamed on July 13 2007 following the merger of the building's largest tenant AmSouth Bancorporation with Regions Financial Corporation which is also based in Birmingham. The 31st floor contains the private Summit Club. The base of the building contains a 70000-square-foot (6500 m2) retail center.
 Inter-County Mortgage and Finance Company is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1929 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 22 1990.
 Grand View Point Hotel also known as the Ship of the Alleghenies was a historic hotel and roadside attraction located at Juniata Township in Bedford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1927 with additions made in 1932. It burned down in 2001.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It was delisted in 2002 after burning down.
 The Storm P. Museum in Copenhagen Denmark is a biographical museum dedicated to the life and oeuvre of Danish humorist Robert Storm Petersen popularly known as Storm P. In addition to his cartoons the museum also displays his paintings both oils and watercolours and covers other aspects of his life time and many-sided talent as well as his extensive collection of smoking pipes and his studio which has been reconstructed on the first floor.
 John Wormley House also known as the Valentine Hummel House is a historic home located at Wormleysburg in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1815 and is a 2 1/2-story limestone building with a gable roof three bays wide and two bays deep. It has a two-story rear frame addition. It faces the west bank of the Susquehanna River. It is in a half-Georgian style.
 Rassapeague also known as the Francis C. Huntington and Susan Butler Huntington Estate is a historic home located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County New York. The estate house was built about 1865 and is a large Italianate house with additions completed in 1915. It is a two story wood frame clapboarded dwelling with a large back service wing and porch.
 The Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project is a joint venture by New York City Department of City Planning and Metropolitan Transportation Authority to encourage development on Manhattan's far West Side along the Hudson River in New York City.The project initially included a rezoning of the Far West Side an extension of the 7 <7> trains to the 34th Street station at 11th Avenue a renovation of the Jacob K.
 First Church of Belfast is a historic church on Church Street in Belfast Maine.It was built in 1818 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The William Penn Snyder House at 852 Ridge Avenue in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1911. It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1972 the List of City of Pittsburgh historic designations on March 15 1974 and the National Register of Historic Places on May 3 1976.
 Roly Castle (French: Château-ferme de Roly) is a château-ferme or fortified farmhouse in Roly in the municipality of Philippeville province of Namur Belgium.The existence of a fortification in the form of a tower is recorded here as early as 1069 but the present donjon dates from the 13th century and this is the oldest extant part of the buildings.
 The Chad House which was built by John Wyeth Jr. for John Chads (also spelled Chadds) is located in Chadds Ford Delaware County Pennsylvania. The house was built after 1712 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 11 1971. John Chad's widow Elizabeth stayed in the house while it was in the line of fire during the Battle of Brandywine.
 Grafton State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Grafton Massachusetts that operated from 1901 to 1973.
 Hyam's Mineral Water Works is a nineteenth century building at 23 Glendower Street Monmouth Wales. Formerly a mineral water works it is currently used as residential apartments. The building holds one of the 24 blue plaques awarded by the Monmouth Civic Society to buildings of especial historical and social interest and features on the Monmouth Heritage Trail.
 The Greenville Mausoleum is an imposing Egyptian Revival structure in Greenville Ohio United States. Built in 1913 this historic mausoleum is built of concrete covered with courses of limestone resting on a foundation of granite and covered with a roof of ceramic tiles. Among its most distinctive elements are the marble pillars topped with capitals of the Doric order that line the main entrance.
 The Arizona State University Art Museum is an art museum operated by Arizona State University located on its main campus in Tempe Arizona.
 Church of the Ascension is located in Windsor Ontario Canada. It is part of the Diocese of Huron and is a member of the Anglican Church of Canada. The Chapel of Ascension as it was formerly called was founded on May 11 1893 and the current church is still holding their services at the original location on London Street now called University Avenue. Early in its existence the parish was served by the rectors and curates of their sister church All Saints Anglican Church Windsor.
 The Church of St. Andrew is an historic Episcopal church located at Arthur Kill and Old Mill Roads on the north side of Richmondtown in Staten Island New York.The congregation was founded in 1708. The first church was built in c.1712 or 1713 but was heavily damaged by 1867 and 1872. The church was rebuilt about 1872 in a Gothic style of fieldstone with stop-ended chamfered red brick trim.
 IRIS Mist is an approved mixed used tower to be built in Dubai Maritime City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower will reach 200 m (656 ft) in height and will have 54 floors for various purposes the tower will be the first development in the region to be shaped like patterned sea waves. IRIS Mist will be the tallest tower in Dubai Maritime city the tower's facade will be built in layers of white pre-cast aluminium and glass of varying colour and texture.
 The longwave radio mast Hellissandur is a 412 metre high guyed radio mast for longwave transmissions at Gufuskálar in the vicinity of Hellissandur on the Snæfellsnes peninsula of Iceland. This mast which is the tallest structure in Western Europe is insulated against ground and guyed in five levels by steel ropes which are subdivided by insulators.
 Little Trinity Anglican Church formally Trinity East is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada located at 425 King Street East in the Corktown neighbourhood just east of downtown Toronto Ontario. The cornerstone for the Tudor Gothic church was laid on July 20 1843 and the first services were held February 14 1844 making it the oldest surviving church building in Toronto. It was the second Anglican church in the city after St. James' Cathedral.
 The Ultima Tower is a hypothetical supertall skyscraper designed by American architect Eugene Tsui in 1991. With a total height of 3218.7 metres (10560 ft) the tower would be 2 miles tall and comprise 500 stories if built.
 The Chapel of the Resurrection is a Roman Catholic chapel in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 276 West 151st Street Manhattan New York City.
 The William Ritzman House is a historic house just outside the corporate village limits of Orangeville Illinois. The house was built around 1847 and is of brick construction in the Greek Revival style. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Tour Adria (also known as tour Technip) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense the high-rise business district situated west of Paris France. It has a triangular floorplan.Built in 2002 by Michel Andrault and Nicolas Ayoub architects from Conceptua it is a twin of the nearby Tour Égée which was built three years before in 1999.
 The University of Kansas Hospital also known as KU Med is a nonprofit academic medical center located in Kansas City Kansas United States. It is the region's only nationally verified Level I Trauma Center. In 1998 it became an independent entity that receives no funding from the state of Kansas. The hospital is affiliated with the University of Kansas Medical Center which comprises the schools of medicine nursing and allied health.
 The National Automobile Museum located just south of the Truckee River in Reno Nevada displays historic automobiles from the late 19th century and from throughout the 20th. Most of the vehicles displayed are from the collection of the late casino owner William F. Harrah and so the museum is sometimes referred to as The Harrah Collection.The museum's holdings of over 200 cars are spread over four galleries.
 One Shoreline Plaza in Corpus Christi Texas overlooks Corpus Christi Bay and consists of 2 skyscrapers north and south south being the tallest and the tallest building in South Texas south of San Antonio. It is the most prominent figure in the skyline of the city.
 The George Stoppel Farmstead is a pioneer farm located just outside the western city limits of Rochester Minnesota USA. The farmstead is owned and operated by the History Center of Olmsted County. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Central New Brunswick Woodsmen's Museum is a Canadian forestry museum located in Boiestown New Brunswick.The museum is located on a 15-acre (61000 m2) site alongside Highway 8 and the Southwest Miramichi River.Its collection includes tools and models which demonstrate the history of the forestry industry in New Brunswick and the Maritime Provinces.
 Robsart Art Works (RAW) is an art studio and museum featuring local and regional artist from Southwest Saskatchewan and region.
 Restaurant Der Bloasbalg was a restaurant located in Wahlwiller in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1985-2005.From the beginning till 2005 when he sold the restaurant Jan Waghemans was the head chef.Der Bloasbalg was a member of the Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.The restaurant closed down in 2006 and was replaced by restaurant Les Arômes.
 St. Takla Haymanot's Church is a Coptic Orthodox church in the city of Alexandria Egypt located in the district of Ibrahimia near Alexandria Sporting Club. Consecrated on 19 June 1969 it is dedicated to Saint Takla Haymanot a 13th-century Ethiopian monk. It was visited by Ethiopian patriarch Abune Paulos on 15 July 2007 as part of his landmark trip to Egypt aimed at repairing ties between the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church and the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria.
 Abingdon Glebe House is a historic home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built around 1700 and is T-shaped brick structure with one-story hipped roof end pavilions flanking the central portion of the house. The central portion and rear ell are topped by steep gable roofs. It was extensively renovated about 1954.
 The Richard and Geraldine Hodgson House in New Canaan Connecticut is an International Style house that was built in 1951. It was designed by Philip C. Johnson and Landis Gores. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.It is significant as an example of International Style architecture and for it being designed by prominent architect Johnson. It was designed in 1950-1951 and was built in two phases in 1950 and in 1955. It is U-shaped and has a garden court.
 First Camden National Bank & Trust is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1928 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1990.The bank that was headquartered here changed its name to South Jersey National Bank in the 1960s and to Heritage Bank in the 1970s. It later merged with Midlantic National Bank which was ultimately acquired by PNC Bank.
 Fraunces Tavern in New York City is a tavern restaurant and museum housed in a conjectural reconstruction of a building that played a prominent role in pre-Revolution and American Revolution history. The building located at 54 Pearl Street at the corner of Broad Street has been owned by Sons of the Revolution in the State of New York Inc. since 1904 which claims it is Manhattan's oldest surviving building.
 The Robinson House is a historic guest house located at the junction of Naamans Road and The Kings Highway (now Philadelphia Pike) in Claymont Delaware in the United States. It was built in 1723 on the site of the original settlement on Naaman's Creek.
 Noor-A-Madina Mosque and Multi Cultrual Centre is a Sunni Islam mosque in Blackpool Lancashire England.
 The Dorchester Hospital (also originally known as Dorset County Hospital) in Dorchester Dorset England served the local area for many years before being finally closed in 1998 when the newer Dorset County Hospital (then known as West Dorset County Hospital) a General District Hospital replaced it. Both hospitals fell under (for the latter part of Dorchester Hospitals years) the West Dorset General Hospitals NHS Trust.
 Asan Medical Center(서울아산병원) a hospital in Seoul Korea that was established to put into practice the founding principles of Asan Foundation founder Chung Ju-Yung. It opened on June 23 1989 under the name Seoul Jungang (Central) Hospital and was renamed Asan Medical Center on April 27 2002. With 2680 licensed beds and a total area of 280300 square meters it is the largest hospital in Korea.Since 1993 a healthcare quality improvement team has been in operation at AMC.
 Fury Brook Farm also Bairdlea Farm is located on King's Highway in the Town of Chester New York United States just north of the hamlet of Sugar Loaf. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 to help protect the land around it from development.It was established in 1731 the first farm on the Wawayanda Path which King's Highway follows.
 Ellsworth Congregational Church is a historic church on State Street in Ellsworth Maine.It was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Short Hills Park Historic District is the oldest area of that unincorporated community in Millburn Essex County New Jersey United States. It consists of roughly a thousand acres (4 km²) with 125 buildings mostly homes in the area developed earliest by Stewart Hartshorn whose goal was to create an ideal town for living close to nature and the countryside on the 1550 acres (6.3 km2) he bought in the area in 1877.
 The Renaissance Society is a non-collecting contemporary art museum in Chicago Illinois. It is located on the campus of the University of Chicago although it is a fully independent entity.
 The Basilica of the Sacred Heart in Notre Dame Indiana USA is a Roman Catholic church on the campus of the University of Notre Dame also serving as the mother church of the Congregation of Holy Cross in the United States. The neo-gothic church has 44 large stained glass windows and murals completed over a 17 year period by the Vatican painter Luigi Gregori.
 Johnston-Truax House is a historic home located at Weirton Hancock County West Virginia. The original log section was built in 1785 and expanded about 1850 and in 1886. It is a 1 1/2 story building with a one story wing. It has log walls covered with clapboard and in turn with siding. It features a full porch with a shed roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Cumberland Homesteads is a community located in Cumberland County Tennessee United States. Established by the New Deal-era Division of Subsistence Homesteads in 1934 the community was envisioned by federal planners as a model of cooperative living for the region's distressed farmers coal miners and factory workers. While the cooperative experiment failed and the federal government withdrew from the project in the 1940s the Homesteads community nevertheless survived.
 Fort Nathan Hale also known as Fort Hale Park Black Rock is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) city park located on the east shore of New Haven Harbor in New Haven Connecticut. It includes the site of a 1659 fort and a Revolutionary War-era fort. The fort was named after Nathan Hale Connecticut's official hero. Since 1921 the site has been owned by the state of Connecticut. It has been used as a park and maintained as a historical site by the City of New Haven.
 The George Angus and Martha Ansil Beebe House is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Acting Superintendent's Headquarters in Yosemite National Park was built by the U.S. Army at Camp A.E. Wood in the Wawona district of the park in 1904 to house the commander of the military administration that operated the park in the years prior to the establishment of the National Park Service. It was moved to the Yosemite Valley in 1906. The Acting Superintendent's Headquarters is the last remaining structure at Wawona associated with the park's military administration.
 James Russell Webster House is a historic home located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It is a temple front Greek Revival style residence. When built in 1850-1855 it featured a two story three bay side hall main block flanked by two symmetrical one story three bay center hall wings. In the 1870s a veneer of Italianate details were added during and expansion and modernization. The expansion included adding a second story to each side wing.
 Torre Europa (Torres Europa) - generally is the name of five skyscrapers of complex buildings in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona) Spain with numbers from 1 to 5. However the Torre Europa 1 has name of Torre Inbisa the Torre Europa 2 has name of Torre Zenit and both these towers are over 100 meters tall. Other buildings is Torre Europa 3 Torre Europa 4 and Torre Europa 5. Torre Europa 3 4 5 has 19 floors and rises 75 meters. All these towers are lies on Plaza de Europa.
 The Jin Mao Tower (simplified Chinese: 金茂大厦; traditional Chinese: 金茂大廈; pinyin: Jīn Mào Dàshà; literally Golden Prosperity Building) is an 88-story landmark skyscraper in the Lujiazui area of the Pudong district of Shanghai People's Republic of China. It contains offices and the Grand Hyatt Shanghai hotel. Until 2007 it was the tallest building in the PRC the fifth tallest in the world by roof height and the seventh tallest by pinnacle height.
 The Addison Community Baptist Church meets in a classic white clapboard Meeting House built in 1816 at the town center of Addison Vermont. The church sits next to the former Addison Town Hall at the Junction of Vermont Route 22A and Vermont Route 17.In 1978 the Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Saint Paulinus' (German: St. Paulinskirche) is a Baroque church in the city of Trier Germany. Constructed between 1734 and 1753 the interior was designed by Johann Balthasar Neumann. The ceiling of the nave features a painting by the artist Christoph Thomas Scheffler.
 The David Ogden House located in Fairfield Connecticut was built in 1750 as an integral saltbox. The house is an exceptional survivor of a typical mid 18th century Connecticut farmhouse. There is a massive central field stone chimney topped with brick. The house which escaped the burning of Fairfield by the British forces that invaded during the American Revolution provides a glimpse into the life of a typical family. The house was called the new house in a 1750 deed.
 C. A. O'Donohue House is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1917 and is a massive 2 1⁄2-story three bay shingled gable roofed dwelling with smaller flanking three bay wings. It features a 2-story portico with colossal Doric order columns and topped by a decorative balustrade. It is representative of the Colonial Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Al-Jawali Mosque or Amir Sanjar al-Jawli Mosque is a mosque in the Palestinian city of Hebron located in the southwestern corner of the Old City and part of the Ibrahimi Mosque (Cave of the Patriarchs) sanctuary.Al-Jawali Mosque was annexed to the Ibrahimi Mosque sanctuary and is an integral part of its layout bordering the northeastern wall of that structure's enclosure. The remaining sides of the al-Jawali Mosque are hewn from stone and the mosque is not visible from the outside.
 Schofield Hall is the main administrative building of the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire. The building is named after Harvey Schofield the first President of what was then called Eau Claire State Normal School. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its educational significance in 1983.
 The McMechen Lockmaster Houses on the Ohio River also known as the Ohio River Lock & Dam No. 13 are a set of two historic homes located at McMechen Marshall County West Virginia. They were built by the Army Corps of Engineers in 1910 to house the lockmaster's family and engineer. They are set side by side and are mirror images of each other. They are 2½ stories high with a brick first floor and aggregate stucco above in the Tudor Revival style.
 Called the most photographed house in the state of Maine the Wedding Cake House known formally as the George W. Bourne House is a historic house located at 104 Summer Street in Kennebunk Maine. The home was built in 1825 by shipbuilder George W. Bourne (1801–1856) who later built a frame barn which he connected to the main house with a carriage house. In 1852 the barn caught fire and the carriage house was demolished to keep the fire from spreading to the house.
 First McGillicuddy Block is an historic site at 133 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine. The block was built in 1895 by John McGillicuddy father of U.S. Congressman Daniel J. McGillicuddy. The block was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Garret Lydecker House is located in Englewood Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1808 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Woodhouse House in Virginia Beach Virginia also known as Fountain House or Simmons House was built in 1810 in the Federal architecture style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is located south of the Virginia Beach Courthouse complex still surrounded by farm land but facing increasing encroachment by suburban homes.The house is a wood frame two-story structure with a brick American bond chimney with Flemish bond headers and asphalt shingles.
 The Grove (also known as the Stilley-Young House) located in Jefferson Texas is an 1861 historic home that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark. The house has also been called the most haunted place in Texas. The Grove’s history dates back to the 19th century when the property was purchased and the house that became known as “The Grove” was built.
 The Carlos Lattin House was built by Illinois' first settler Carlos Lattin.[citation needed] It lies within the boundaries of the Sycamore Historic District and is listed as one of the contributing structures in the district. The Sycamore Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Apriķi Manor (Latvian: Apriķu muižas pils) is a manor house in Laža parish Aizpute municipality in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia. Though originally completed in 1742 a three-story octagonal Neo-Gothic tower was added at the east end during the second half of the 19th century.
 Wyoming Valley Mall is a 912027 sq ft (84730.1 m2) shopping mall located in Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania. It is owned and operated by the Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust. It opened in 1971 shortly before the Hurricane Agnes disaster.The mall currently consists of over 90 stores including anchors The Bon-Ton JC Penney Sears and two Macy's locations. The main Macy's location opened as local retailer Zollinger-Harned which converted to Hess's and then to Kaufmann's.
 Moorefield Historic District is a national historic district located at Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. The district encompasses 171 contributing buildings. It consists of a mix of commercial residential and civic structures ranging in age fromthe mid 18th century to the early 20th century. Predominate residential styles are Greek Revival and Queen Anne. The commercia1 buildings areItalianate style.
 Religion in the Philippines is marked by a majority of people being of the Christian faith (~90%) which include Catholics Iglesia ni Cristo Aglipayans Protestants. There are also a significant minority of Muslims (5%) as well as Buddhists Hindus Agnostics and Animists. It is central not as an abstract belief system but rather as a host of experiences —rituals and adjurations that provide continuity in life communal cohesion and moral purpose for existence.
 The Canadian Railway Museum (French: (Le) Musée ferroviaire canadien) operating under the brand name Exporail in both official languages is a rail transport museum in Saint-Constant Quebec Canada on Montreal's south shore.
 The Clarissine Church (Slovenian: Klarisiek Kostol) is a former Catholic church in the Slovak capital Bratislava. It belongs to the complex of the convent of the Poor Clares.
 Fulton County Courthouse originally known as Tryon County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Johnstown in Fulton County New York. It was built in 1772–1773 and is a Late Georgian style public building. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure five bays wide and three bays deep. It features a bellcast gable roof with a cupola dating to the late 18th or early 19th century. Sir William Johnson 1st Baronet (1715–1774) contributed £500 toward the construction of the building.
 The Towers on Capitol Mall were two 53-story 615 foot (187 m) mixed-use towers to be built in downtown Sacramento California. The buildings (The Towers on Capitol Mall I & II) were planned to have 804 condominia a 200 room InterContinental Hotel and ground floor retail. Rumoured retailers include Gucci Prada Kenneth Cole and Tiffany & Co.
 The Washburn Square—Leicester Common Historic District encompasses the historic civic heart of Leicester Massachusetts. It includes Washburn Square as the town common is called the buildings along its perimeter and the properties along Main Street extending east along Main Street to its junction with Henshaw Street.
 The Engine Company 2 Fire Station is a firehouse at the corner of Main and Belden streets in Hartford Connecticut United States.It is a brick structure built in the early 20th century the second firehouse built for the company.Architect Russell Barker who designed many public buildings in the city used the Italian Renaissance Revival style unusual for a firehouse.
 Kress Building also known as S.H. Kress and Co. Building in Fort Worth Texas was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Mackay Estate Water Tower is a historic water tower located at East Hills in Nassau County New York. The tower is a utilitarian structure manufactured by the Phillipsburg New Jersey firm of Tippett and Wood. The tank is round in plan and topped by a bell-shaped slate roof and copper cupola. The tank stands on eight legs each of which is 34 feet tall.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building in Council Grove Kansas United States.
 The Richard Benton House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa. The Italianate and Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Sheraton Club des Pins Resort (Arabic: شيراطون الجزائر‎Sheraton al-Jazā'ir) is a five-star hotel located in the province of Algiers in the municipality of Staouéli an affiliate of the global brand Sheraton Is one of the most luxurious hotels in the arab world Africa and the Mediterranean.
 Blackfoot Crossing Historical Park is a complex of historic sites on the Siksika 146 Indian reserve in Alberta Canada. This crossing of the Bow River was traditionally a bison-hunting and gathering place for the Siksika people and their allies in the Blackfoot Confederacy. Nearby are the remains of an ancient earthlodge village believed to have been built by people from the Upper Mississippi valley in what is now the United States.
 The W C A Boarding House is a historic boarding house at 19 Bliss Street in Springfield Massachusetts. It is one Springfield's few surviving boarding house structures from the 19th century. It was built in 1884 by the Women's Christian Association (WCA) a social welfare organization that was a predecessor to the Young Women's Christian Association. The three story brick structure was used by the WCA as a space for boarding respectable working class single women.
 The St James's Hotel and Club is an internationaly famous and luxurious five star hotel at 7-8 Park Place St. James's London SW1A 1LP. The hotel is part of the Lahore based Nishat Group which is owned by Pakistani billionaire Mian Mohammad Mansha.The hotel has fifty-six rooms and twelve suites many of which have their own terraces plus a penthouse with a party deck for sixty people.
 Tjøtta Church (Norwegian: Tjøtta kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Tjøtta. The church is part of the Tjøtta parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The stone church was built in 1851 by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch and it seats about 310 people.
 Trondenes Church (Norwegian: Trondenes kirke) is the northernmost medieval stone church of Norway. It is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Trondenes. The church is part of the Trondenes parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.Though frequently mentioned as a 13th-century church dating based on dendrochronology places its completion shortly after 1434.
 St. Peter's Church (Danish: St. Petri Kirke German: St.-Petri-Kirche) is the parish church of the German-speaking community in Copenhagen Denmark. Built as a single-nave church in the mid-15th century it is the oldest building in central Copenhagen. It is also notable for its extensive complex of sepulchral chapels.
 Fasbender Clinic is a building in Hastings Minnesota USA designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is just off Minnesota State Highway 55 at 801 Pine Street. It has a distinctive copper roof which extends almost to the ground around much of the exterior.
 Pittston Congregational Church (also known as the First Congregational Church of Pittston) is a historic church at the junction of ME 27 and ME 194 in Pittston Maine.The church's meeting house was constructed in 1836 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The congregation now meets at 21 Arnold Road in Pittston and has approximately 35 members. It continues to be conservative in Doctrine belonging to the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference.
 The Old U.S. Post Office in Niles Michigan was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Santa Felicita (Church of St Felicity) is a church in Florence Italy probably the oldest in the city after San Lorenzo. In the 2nd century Syrian Greek merchants settled in the area south of the Arno and are thought to have brought Christianity to the region. The first church on the site was probably built in the late 4th century or early 5th century and was dedicated to Saint Felicity of Rome.
 The Benjamin Hoyt House is an historic house at 134 Otis Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1868 and is one of the only bracketed Italianate houses to survive in East Cambridge. It has a front-facing gable whose cornice includes dentil moulding and brackets and whose fully pedimented gable end has a round-arch window in the tympanum area.
 The Clark Memorial Hall is a commercial building located at 120–124 South Winter Street (M-52) in the Downtown Adrian Commercial Historic District in Adrian Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site and individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 14 1985.Located at the corner of South Winter Street and Pearl Street at the end of a row of commercial buildings the Clark Memorial Hall was built in 1888. The building's namesake came from Elihu L.
 The Glick-Orr House in Atchison Kansas was built in 1913. It was designed by architect Louis Curtiss. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. Currently the house is known as the Glick Mansion a bed and breakfast establishment. http://www.glickmansion.com/ NRHP nom and accompanying photos
 The Ward Street School-Millbury Street Schoolhouse #4 is a historic school building at 389 Millbury Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story brick Romanesque building was designed by J. W. Patston and built in 1898-99. The building is covered by a hipped roof with wide side dormers and a central projecting gable-ended section with a pair of arched entries.
 The City Hall and Firehouse built in 1914 is an historic city hall and fire station building located on the corner of Crawford and Water streets in Bainbridge Georgia. It was designed by Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards who designed nine South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina.
 The Borden Building is a 438ft (134m) tall skyscraper located at 180 East Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. It was topped out on May 9 1973 and completed the next year. Harrison & Abramovitz designed the building following a modernist architectural style. The building has 34 floors and is the 9th tallest in Columbus. It also has 52842 m² of floor space.
 The Pillar House is a historic house that was once located at 26 Quinobequin Road in Newton Massachusetts and was prominently visible from nearby Interstate 95. For many years it housed a restaurant until the property was taken by the state by eminent domain in 2003. The state sold the house for $1 provided the purchasers paid to move it.
 Canfield-Morgan House is located in Cedar Grove Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1845 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7 1995.
 Paradise Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Bentinck Street (Esplanade) Kolkata West Bengal India. This cinema hall was inaugurated in 1943 and was fully renovated in 1956. The current managing director of the theatre is Arun Mehra.
 St. Joseph Parish is a church designated for Polish immigrants in Ansonia Connecticut United States.Founded in 1925 it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 The Christian Specht Building is located at 1110 Douglas Street in downtown Omaha Nebraska. It is the only existing building with a cast iron facade known in Nebraska today and one of the few ever built in the state. The building was deemed an Omaha landmark in 1981 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The House at 10 Arlington Street in Somerville Massachusetts also known as the Walter J. Squire House is a well-preserved transitional Italianate/Queen Anne house. The basic 2.5 story front gable three bay side entrance layout was fairly typical for Italianate houses in the city as are the paired cornice brackets and hoods over the windows.
 Kaba Aye Pagoda (Burmese: ကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီ; pronounced: [ɡəbà ʔé pʰəjá]; also spelt Gaba Aye Pagoda; lit. World Peace Pagoda) formally Thiri Mingala Gaba Aye Zedidaw သီရိမင်္ဂလာကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီတော်) is a pagoda located on Kaba Aye Road Mayangon Township Yangon Myanmar. The pagoda was built in 1952 by U Nu in preparation for the Sixth Buddhist Council that he held from 1954-1956. The pagoda measures 111 feet (34 m) high and is also 111 feet (34 m) around the base.
 Horatio Gates Onderdonk House is a historic home located at Manhasset in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1836 and is a Greek Revival style building with a two story three bay central mass flanked by one story one bay wings. It features a giant portico supported by four Doric order columns. By 1933 the Onderdonk farm was purchased for development by Levitt and Sons who built the neighboring North Strathmore community.
 The Portland Railway Light and Power Sellwood Division Carbarn Office and Clubhouse also known as Carmen's Clubhouse in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a former commercial transportation building listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Built in 1910 by the Portland Railway Light and Power Company (PRL&P) it was added to the register in 2002. The structure was associated with Portland's electric railway system of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 The Bridge in Shaler Township which carries Birchfield Road over Pine Creek is a single span stone arch bridge in Allegheny County Pennsylvania built in 1915. The bridge is a high quality ashlar construction with the single span covering 63 feet. Stone arch bridges are rare in western Pennsylvania.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 22 1988.
 Sheffield Island Light is an historic Connecticut USA lighthouse located at the southern end of the Norwalk Islands on the west entrance of the Norwalk River on northern Long Island Sound.The island at the time known as White Island was purchased by Captain Robert Sheffield in 1804 for $6000. In 1826 Gershom Smith Sheffield's son in law sold 4 of the island's 53 acres (21 ha) at the southwest point to the United States government for the purpose of building a lighthouse.
 Old First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was begun in 1868 and is one story rectangular stone structure with a two bay facade and a tower. The tower features a steep gable roof with flared eaves and a louveredbelfry. In 1968 the building was sold by the First Presbyterian Church to the University of Delaware.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Founder's Building was the original building of Royal Holloway College University of London (RHUL) in Egham Surrey England. It is an example of Gothic Revival architecture in the United Kingdom. Today it is the dominant building on the campus.
 The Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House is a National Park Service ranger residence located in the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area of northern Washington. The building was built at Purple Point above Lake Chelan in the small unincorporated community of Stehekin Washington. It was originally constructed by the United States Forest Service to serve as the residence for the Stehekin District ranger. The Forest Service later converted it into a summer guard station.
 The Girdletree Barnes Bank is located on Snow Hill Road (Route 12) between Snow Hill and Stockton Girdletree Maryland United States. The bank includes a walk-in vault and antique teller cages. The Girdletree Barnes Bank now serves as the Girdletree Barnes Bank Museum.
 St. Stephen's Church is a historic church at 22-27 Oxford Street in New Hartford Oneida County New York. It was built in 1825 and is a rectangular timber framed Federal style structure with selected Gothic detail. It features a central pavilion and two-stage tower composed of a square lower level and octagonal belfry with domed cap.
 The Cathedral of the Virgin Mary Queen of the Holy Rosary (Indonesian: Gereja Katedral Perawan Maria Ratu Rosario Suci) also known as the Holy Rosary Cathedral or Randusari Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral and the seat of the Archdiocese of Semarang. Finished in 1927 at Randusari Semarang Indonesia it became a parish church in 1930 and a cathedral in 1940 when Albertus Soegijapranata was made the first apostolic vicar of Semarang.
 AP State Archeology Museum or Hyderabad Museum is a museum located in Hyderabad India. It is the oldest museum in Hyderabad state. Archeologist Henry Cousens first explored the site in the beginning of the 19th century and around 1940 the mound was excavated under the supervision of Nizam of Hyderabad. The excavated items were place in a museum built on the ancient site.
 The Linden Street Bridge is a historic bridge on the abandoned Central Massachusetts Railroad over Linden Street in Waltham Massachusetts. It is a riveted lattice through truss bridge built in 1894 by the Pennsylvania Steel Company and is one of only three such bridges left in the state. The bridge is 98'3 long and 17' wide with an inside truss height of 21'11.5 and rests on granite abutments.
 The Pleasant Grove Historic District is a 112-acre (45 ha) historic district in Pleasant Grove Utah that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.The district's significance dates from 1853 when a fort was built that attracted expanded settlement. Development at first was within the 1853 fort's walls and includes vernacular adobe buildings from 1853. The district includes about a 16 block area.
 Queens Arcade (Welsh: Arcêd y Frenhines) is a shopping centre in Cardiff opened on 28 April 1994 that internally connects with St. David's Centre. The centre was developed on the site of the Allders department store and the similarly named Queen Street Arcade both of which were demolished.
 Kurama-dera (鞍馬寺) is a temple in the far north of Kyoto Japan which houses some National Treasures of Japan. It was a member of the Tendai sect and subordinate to Shōren-in from the 12th century until 1949 when it founded its own religious body. The object of worship is esoteric and unique to the temple. It is said to have been founded by a disciple of Jianzhen.Situated in secluded wilderness at the base of Mount Kurama it is accessible by its own cable car line the Kurama-dera Cable.
 The Canada Hose Company Building is a historic firehouse in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a two story gable-front brick structure. Above the doors used for the fire engines is a sign which reads Cumberland Hose Co. No. 1. The building is the oldest of a number of old firehouses built in Cumberland during the 19th century; it was completed in 1845.The Canada Hose Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Midway also known as Riverdale Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Millington Albemarle County Virginia. The main dwelling is a two-story four-bay brick structure with a two-story porch. It was built in three sections with the east wing built during the 1820s and a second structure to the west about 1815; they were connected in the late 19th century. The east wing features Federal woodwork. A rear (north) kitchen wing was added about 1930.
 Grooms Tavern Complex is a historic tavern located at Grooms Corners in Saratoga County New York. The complex consists of the tavern a wagon and blacksmith shop and a frame privy. The tavern building was built about 1825 and is a 2-story timber-framed gable-roofed building in a vernacular Federal style. It consists of a main block with 1 1⁄2-story frame kitchen wing in the rear. When expanded to two stories in the 1840s a Greek Revival style cornice was added.
 Ye Olde Salutation Inn is a public house dating from around 1240 that lays claim (along with Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem Inn and The Bell Inn) to being the oldest in Nottingham.
 St. Mary Star of the Sea is a Catholic parish church located in downtown Jackson Michigan. The parish was the second in the Jackson area after St. John the Evangelist.
 The Long Creek Academy is a former Christian school that is located at the intersection of Academy Road and South Carolina S-37-339 near U.S. Route 76 near Long Creek South Carolina in Oconee County. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 1987. It is currently used by a whitewater rafting company.
 The Haveli Todar Mal popularly known as Jahaz Haveli or Jahaz Mahal is the 17th-century residence (haveli) of Todar Mal Jain a local businessman from Sirhind and an ardent follower of the Sikh Gurus who became the diwan in the court of Nawab Wazir Khan the Governor of Sirhind under Mughal Empire.
 The Clinch County Courthouse is the county courthouse of Clinch County Georgia in the United States. Located in the county seat of Homerville the building was built in 1896 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Villa Forni Cerato is a 16th-century villa in Montecchio Precalcino Province of Vicenza northern Italy. Its design is attributed to Andrea Palladio and his client is assumed to have been Girolamo Forni a wealthy wood merchant who supplied building material for a number of the Palladio's projects. The attribution to Palladio is partly on stylistic grounds although this is a complicated issue - the building departs from the Palladian norms.
 The James Pharmacy is a property in Old Saybrook Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 primarily to document the importance to Connecticut history of Anna James.
 Gallileo is a 38-storey 136 m (446 ft) skyscraper in the Bahnhofsviertel district of Frankfurt Germany. It was built from 1999 to 2003.The towers architecture is made up of two towers linked by a connecting central core. The north tower is 136 m (446 ft) with 38 storeys and the south tower is 114 m (374 ft). The core is the building's full height. Together with its 49000 m2 (530000 sq ft) floor space it is the 14th tallest building in the city.
 Château de Lanquais is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Noel Owen Neal House also known as Grace Fisher House built in 1840 is a historic squared-log dogtrot house in Washington Arkansas. Originally located at 184 Blue Bayou Road South in Nashville Arkansas it had been listed National Register of Historic Places. The Historic Preservation Alliance of Arkansas listed it as one of its Most Endangered Places in 2005.The house was removed from the National Register on January 26 2006.
 The Bushwick Democratic Club House was a notable building located in Brooklyn New York. The building designed by Brooklyn-based architect Frank Freeman in his signature Richardsonian Romanesque style was completed in 1892 and designated a New York City landmark in the 1970s. It was later destroyed by fire.
 The Joel H. Hubbard House also known as the Ferson–Butler–Satterlee Home is a historic residence in St. Charles Illinois. The Greek Revival structure is constructed of wood on a stone foundation with an asphalt roof. It remains structurally similar to its original 1854 design with the exception of a sunroom addition. Joel H. Hubbard was a carpenter who originally designed this house and lived there for at least a year.
 The Anchorage also known as William Elliott House in Beaufort South Carolina is a house built in 1776. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It may be included in the Beaufort Historic District which is a National Historic Landmark District.
 Campbell Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in Portsoy Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian. It is currently a geriatric hospital although it was formerly known as Campbell Infectious Diseases Hospital. Campbell Hospital is scheduled to close when development work at Chalmers Hospital Banff is completed.
 Genesis Health System is a health system based in Davenport Iowa that provides health services to a 10-county region of Eastern Iowa and Western Illinois. Genesis Health System operates a hospital with two campuses in the city of Davenport hospitals in the cities of Silvis Illinois DeWitt Iowa and Aledo Illinois. Genesis Health System also manages Jackson County Regional Health Center in Maquoketa Iowa.The President and CEO of Genesis Health System is Douglas Cropper.
 Chula Vista Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Chula Vista California. Opened in 1962 it features Burlington Coat Factory J. C. Penney Macy's and Sears. It is managed by Rouse Properties.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is located at 2600 Church Street in the Ohio City neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. St. John's is the oldest consecrated building in Cuyahoga county. This stone gothic revival church building was designed by Hezekiah Eldredge and built beginning in 1836 and was completed 1838.[1] Eldridge was probably familiar with John Henry Hopkins' An Essay on Gothic Architecture the first book on Gothic ecclesiastical architecture to be published in the United States. St.
 The George Bonner Jr. House in Midway Utah was built in 1877. It was designed and built by John Watkins.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1986.NRHP nompictures
 The Knight Allen House is a historic house located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Peter's Church Kirkbampton is in the village of Kirkbampton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Andrew Aikton St Mary Kirkandrews-on-Eden with Beaumont and St Michael Burgh by Sands. The church contains Norman architecture and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 St James' Church Cardington is located in an elevated position in the village of Cardington Shropshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover the archdeaconry of Ludlow and the diocese of Hereford. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Manarcad Marthamariam Cathedral (St. Mary's Cathedral) is a Jacobite Syrian Christian Church located about 9 km from the town of Kottayam in Kerala India and a destination for people on annual pilgrimages seeking the blessings of the Virgin Mary. During his 2004 apostolic visit Moran Mor Ignatius Zakka I Iwas elevated St Mary's to the status of Cathedral and Universal Marian Pilgrim Centre.There are more than 4000 families in this parish and is one of the largest Christian parish in kerala
 The small Chapel of Sao Pedro de Balsemao is situated in the civil parish of Sé municipality of Lamego in the northern region of Portugal). It was a Visigothic sanctuary dating back to the 7th century although it has Baroque elements in particular in the South Gate and the western facade which adjoins a later residential building.
 The Museum of Chinese Australian History Inc. is an Australian history museum located in Melbourne's Chinatown. The Museum was established in 1985 with a charter to present the history of Australians of Chinese ancestry. An extensive refurbishment funded by the Victorian Government was completed in 2010.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse–Alexandria located in Alexandria Louisiana was built in 1932 pursuant to the Public Buildings Act of 1926. Also known as Alexandria Federal Building it is an Art Deco Moderne architecture building. It served historically as a post office as a courthouse and as a government office building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The building was designed by Shreveport Louisiana architect Edward Neild.
 The Blackpool United Hebrew Congregation was an Ashkenazi orthodox community in Blackpool England.
 The National Glass Centre is a cultural venue and visitor attraction located in Sunderland North East England. It is part of the University of Sunderland.
 Middenwaard is a shopping centre located in Heerhugowaard Netherlands owned by real estate investment company Corio.
 Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill is a chain of Japanese restaurants which is franchised by Kahala Franchising L.L.C. of Scottsdale Arizona. The chain was founded in Scottsdale Arizona in 1994. As of 2007 Samurai Sam's has nearly 60 locations in Kuwait and United States.
 The Ritz Theatre is an active live producing non-profit theatre located in Haddon Township Camden County New Jersey United States. It is home to The Ritz Theatre Company (formerly Puttin' on the Ritz Inc.) The company produces mainstage plays and musicals children's theater runs a summer theatre arts day camp and reaches out to its community with educational and entertaining programming.
 The Centro Comercial Santafé (English: Santafé Shopping Center) is a mall located in the city of Bogotá Colombia. It is the fourth largest shopping mall in Colombia (the first largest is Centro Mayor in Bogotá) and the fifth in Latin America surpassed by Leste Aricanduva Mall in São Paulo Brazil. Opened on May 13 2006. It is 250000 square meters or about 2700000 square feet (250000 m2) in area.
 The Wolcott Mill is a grist and feed mill located at 63841 Wolcott Road in Ray Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Octagon House also known as Zelotes Holmes House is an historic octagonal house located at 619 East Main Street in Laurens South Carolina. Designed and built in 1859 to 1862 by the Rev. Zelotes Lee Holmes a Presbyterian minister and teacher it is thought to be the first concrete house erected in South Carolina.
 Sultan Ismail Building is the meeting places for the Johor State Legislative Assembly. It is located in Kota Iskandar Nusajaya Malaysia. The architecture is a distinctive blend of Moorish-Andalusian and Johor-Malay design. There are two distinctive skylights: one shaped like a diamond and another like a pineapple a symbol of Johor's economic prosperity. Ihe State Legastive Assembly Hall is Malaysia's first parliament that's open to the public.
 Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza is a 166 m (545 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington. It was constructed from 1979 to 1981 and has 42 floors. It is the 9th tallest building in Seattle and was designed by 3D/International. The building has been able to retain a minimum of 98% occupancy since it was opened.
 F. L. Wandell Estate and Ward Factory Site is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1990.The William Ward Edge Tool Factory was located on the F. L. Wandell Estate and manufactured tools from 1868 to 1890.
 Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church historically known as the Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal Church now United Methodist located at Charleston West Virginia. It was constructed in 1914 and is a nearly square building on a high foundation. It features a high pitched hipped roof with platform and four story square bell tower.
 Columbus Lighthouse (Spanish: Faro a Colón) is a monument located in Santo Domingo Este Dominican Republic in tribute to Christopher Columbus.Construction began in 1986 using plans drawn by Scottish architect J.L. Gleave in 1931 in time for the 500th anniversary of the Discovery of America the monument was inaugurated in 1992.
 Flame Towers (Azerbaijani: Alov Qüllələri) is the tallest skyscraper in Baku Azerbaijan with a height of 190 m (620 ft). The buildings consist of apartments a hotel and office blocks. The estimated cost of Flame Towers is around USD $ 350 million.
 Congregation Kol Shofar is a Conservative synagogue founded in 1962 and located in Tiburon California. The congregation is led by Rabbi Susan Leider who was ordained in 2006 by the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies and Rabbi Chai Levy who was ordained in 2002 by the Jewish Theological Seminary of America in New York City.
 The U.S. Post Office in Scotia New York is located on Mohawk Avenue (NY 5) in the middle of the village. It is a brick Colonial Revival structure built at the end of the 1930s serving the 12302 ZIP Code which covers the village and some surrounding areas of the Town of Glenville.It is one of five nearly identical post office buildings across the state all featuring elaborate detail and decoration.
 The University of Alberta Hospital (UAH) is a research and teaching hospital in Edmonton Alberta Canada. The hospital is affiliated with the University of Alberta and run by Alberta Health Services the health authority for Alberta. It is one of Canada's leading health sciences centres providing a comprehensive range of diagnostic and treatment services to inpatients and outpatients.
 St. Elizabeth Hospital is a new medical facility in Enumclaw Washington United States. It is part of the Franciscan Health System based in Tacoma. Franciscan is affiliated with Catholic Health Initiatives a national non-profit organization with headquarters in Englewood Colo.
 Union Mills is a historic textile mill complex located on Pleasant Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The Union Mills company was incorporated in 1859 and was the first large steam-powered mill built in the city having installed Corliss steam engines. The buildings are constructed from local Fall River granite. The company's first president was S. Angier Chace and David Anthony was the first treasurer.
 Stealey-Goff-Vance House also known as the Amy Roberts Vance House is a historic home located at Clarksburg Harrison County West Virginia. It was originally built about 1807 and is a gable roofed two-story brick dwelling. It sits on a high coursed rubble foundation. The house was remodeled about 1891 with the addition of Victorian embellishment. These modifications include the front gable porch and ornate cornice millwork.
 The Prairie Correctional Facility is a vacant 1600-bed private prison located in Appleton Minnesota. The prison's owner Corrections Corporation of America closed the prison in 2010following declining demand for the facility by the State of Minnesota which had recently constructed four new 416-bed housing units at Minnesota Correctional Facility – Faribault and added 250 new beds to Minnesota Correctional Facility – Moose Lake.
 The Sandy Second Ward Chapel (formerly known as the Berean Baptist Church and the Anchor Baptist Church) is a location in Sandy Utah listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by the architect Don Carlos Young a son of Brigham Young. It was later sold by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.[citation needed]
 The Hoffman Round Barn also known as Gentry Round Barn is a historic round barn and national historic district located near Wolftown Madison County Virginia. The district encompasses two contributing buildings one contributing site and one other contributing structure. The barn was built in 1913. It is a 1 1/2 story wood frame barn with 12 sides and a 12-sided standing-seam metal mansard-like roof.
 The Elmina Java Museum is a museum in Elmina Ghana dedicated to the history of the so-called Belanda Hitam; soldiers recruited in the 19th century in the Dutch Gold Coast to serve in the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army. The museum is funded by the Edward A. Ulzen Memorial Foundation.
 Prater’s Mill was built in the mid-19th century. It is located in Varnell Georgia. Serving the city of Dalton as a working mill it is now used as the center piece of country fair that showcases cultural history of Southern Appalachia. The country fair consists of mountain music Southern foods and living history exhibits and the handmade crafts and original art of 185 talented artists and artisans.
 Grace Episcopal Church located at 1000 Leighton Avenue in Anniston Alabama is an historic Gothic Revival church that was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 3 1985.
 La Gran Vía is a shopping mall tipe Life style center located in Antiguo Cuscatlán El Salvador.
 The North 21st Street Bridge in Tacoma Washington was built in 1910. It was designed by engineers Waddell & Harrington. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Bethel A.M.E. Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Church at 1528 Sumter Street in Columbia South Carolina.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Longfellow School also known as Church Street School is a school in Rutland Vermont. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Withington Community Hospital (officially known as the Withington Community Hospital and Diagnostic and Treatment Centre) is a hospital in south Manchester England.A new hospital building to the south-east of the old site is now a primary care base it now provides specialist care to those who are awaiting diagnostic treatment and day surgery appointments.At its height the hospital was the largest teaching hospital in Europe thanks in part to its affiliation with the University of Manchester which has one of the largest medical schools in the north of England.
 Cape Regional Medical Center is located at 2 Stone Harbor Boulevard in the Cape May Court House section of Middle Township New Jersey United States.
 Kayts Hospital is a government hospital in Kayts Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 59 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kayts Base Hospital or Kayts District Hospital.As well as general medical care the hospital provides a wide variety of healthcare services including diabetic dentistry family planning obstetrics (ante-natal).
 Updown Court (grid reference SU944641) is a Californian style residence situated in the village of Windlesham in Surrey England. The 103-room mansion has 58 acres (230000 m2) of landscaped gardens and private woodland. It was in 2005 the most expensive private home on the market anywhere in the world having been listed for sale with estate agencies Savills and Hamptons International for in excess of £70 million (US$138 million).
 Vine Lake Cemetery is a historic colonial cemetery on Main Street in Medfield Massachusetts.The cemetery was founded in 1651 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 Mount Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church in New Bern North Carolina.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Mørsvikbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Mørsvikbotn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Mørsvikbotn. The church is part of the Sørfold parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden building was completed in 1955. It seats about 140 people.
 The local government of the City of Pula is seated in the Communal Palace located on the Forum square in the center of the City.
 Ohio Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in St. Clairsville Ohio. It was built in 1978 and is anchored by Boscov's Crafts 2000 Elder-Beerman Kmart Macy's and Sears.
 Content also known as C.C. Harper Farm is a historic home located at Centreville Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It is of brick construction two stories high five bays wide and one room deep with a single flush brick chimney. The house was constructed about 1787. Also on the property are a small Flemish bond brick dairy and a meathouse.Content was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Red Hill Fire Observation Station consists of a fire lookout tower cabin and pit privy located on the summit of Red Hill a 2990-foot (910 m) Catskill Mountain peak in Denning New York United States. It is the southernmost fire tower in the Catskill Park.One of the last state towers built in 1920 it filled a missing link in the Catskills' forest fire detection network.
 Fannie Bay Gaol is a historic gaol in Darwin Australia. The gaol operated as Her Majesty's Gaol and Labour Prison from 20 September 1883 until 1 September 1979. The last executions in Darwin were held at Fannie Bay Gaol in 1952 when Jerry Coci and Jonus Novotny Czechoslovakian immigrants were hanged for the murder of a taxi driver. The gallows were constructed especially for this execution in the infirmary.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral is located in downtown San Jose California United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of El Camino Real. As the oldest church structure in continuous use in the city it has been named a San Jose Historic City Landmark.
 Fisher School—High Street Historic District is a historic district at 748-850; 751-823 High Street in Westwood Massachusetts.The school was built in 1809 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 First Parish Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Old Pool Road in Biddeford Maine.It was built in 1758 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Tokushima Prefectural Museum (徳島県立博物館 Tokushima Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Tokushima Japan dedicated to the nature archaeology history folklore and art of Tokushima Prefecture. It first opened in 1959 and reopened in new premises in 1990.
 The Leport-Toupin House at 503 E. Telegraph St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic simplified-Second Empire-style house that was built in 1879. It was converted to a pre-school in 1969.
 Hotel Druk is the largest hotel in Thimphu Bhutan established in 1974 in the Bhutanese style. Located in the heart of the city at Clock Tower Square it is one of the finest hotels in Bhutan with 53 rooms.The hotel is situated next door to the Hotel Jumolhari and overlooks the Changlimithang Stadium. The hotel restaurant serves a variety of cuisines and also has a notable beauty salon and sauna.
 Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church is a former parish of the Diocese of Sioux City. The church is located in Pocahontas Iowa United States at 16 2nd Ave. NW. The parish served the Bohemian community that lived in the Pocahontas area. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 West Cornwall Hospital is located in St. Clare street in Penzance.
 The Mall Blackburn also known by its former name Blackburn Shopping Centre is a shopping centre that serves the town of Blackburn Lancashire England and is owned by The Mall Company.
 The Arraya Tower is a skyscraper completed in 2009 in Kuwait City Kuwait. The tower serves as a grade-A office structure. With sixty storeys and 300 metres high (with a 45-metre spire) the building was the tallest tower in Kuwait until the construction of Al Hamra Tower in 2011. It is currently the 59th tallest building in the world.
 The Lappin-Hayes Block is a commercial building located in Janesville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Jedediah Hawkins House is a historic home located at Jamesport in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1864 and is a frame Italianate style residence. It is a two story structure with a random ashlar granite foundation. It is a two story plus attic structure with a tall tower or campanile. Also on the property is the original 19th century outhouse milkhouse and summer kitchen or washhouse.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Dhaka Regency is a business-class hotel located in the commercial area of Nikunja in Dhaka Bangladesh. With its fifteen-storey tower the Dhaka Regency has a total of 250000 square feet (23000 m2) of space. Each floor of the hotel spans 20000 square feet (1900 m2). There is also a 25000 square feet (2300 m2) basement parking facility. The Dhaka Regency has over 300 rooms and suites. On the premises can be found Club 13 one of Dhaka's premier nightspots.
 New World Center is a 53-floor 238 meter (781 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2006 located in Shenzhen China.
 Bishop Hill Colony is a historic district in Bishop Hill Illinois. Bishop Hill was the site of a utopian religious community which operated as a commune. It was founded in 1846 by Swedish pietist Eric Janson and his followers. The community was named Bishop Hill after the parish of Biskopskulla in Uppland Sweden.
 Completed in 1899 the New Zealand Parliamentary Library is the oldest of the buildings in the Parliament complex. It stands to the north of Parliament House (to its right looking from the front).The library was designed in Gothic revival style and was fire resistant being constructed of masonry. The third story of the design was not built to save money. It had an iron fire-door separating the library from the main entrance section.
 Fort Paté is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 Charleston Town Center is an enclosed shopping mall in downtown Charleston West Virginia USA. One of the largest enclosed malls to be located in a downtown shopping district it comprises more than 130 tenants on two levels as well as a food court on a partial third level. Popular full-service restaurants include Chili's Bar & Grill the Chop House Outback Steakhouse and Tidewater Grill. Anchor stores comprise JCPenney Macy's and Sears. The mall is owned by Forest City Enterprises.
 Koza Plaza located in Istanbul Turkey is Europe's largest wholesale retail facility of textiles.
 Fructus Tower is a future office and residential complex in Timişoara. The building will have 16 floors and a surface of 35000 m. At completion it will be the tallest building in the city.
 The Lipman–Wolfe and Company Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was originally the flagship store of the Lipman-Wolfe & Company department store. The architects were Doyle & Patterson.In the mid-1990s the building was renovated and converted into a hotel the Fifth Avenue Suites. The hotel was renamed the Hotel Monaco in 2007.
 Hanover Lutheran Church is a Lutheran congregation located in Cape Girardeau Missouri which is a member of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod. The congregation's original organization came about in 1846 as a result of the heavy German immigration to Missouri in the 19th century.
 The Liverpool Civil and Family Court Vernon Street Liverpool England . It is operated by Her Majesty's Courts Service.The building contains the city's county court (criminal and civil cases) and family court.
 Reine Church (Norwegian: Reine kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Reine. The church is part of the Moskenes parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1890 and it seats about 250 people. The church was designed by architect Ole Scheistrøen.
 Bellis Fair is an enclosed shopping mall in Bellingham Washington. Opened in 1988 it features J. C. Penney Kohl's Macy's Sports Authority and Target. It is managed by General Growth Properties.
 Fifteen Twenty-One Second Avenue is a 134 m (440 ft) skyscraper in Seattle Washington. Designed by Weber + Thompson it is a residential building with 38 stories and 143 individual homes. The building is located near the historic Pike Place Market. Construction was completed in late 2008.
 Imperial Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in El Centro California. Opened in 2005 the mall features Sears J. C. Penney Dillard's and Macy's as its anchor stores. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Edisto Island Baptist Church is a church in Edisto Island South Carolina.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Eureka Springs Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It includes most of Eureka Springs which dates from 1880.It was increased in 1979 to include the 1913-built Eureka Springs Railroad Depot on S. Main.
 Chimay Castle (French: Château de Chimay) is a ruined castle in Chimay Hainaut Belgium.
 Traveler's Rest is an early tavern and inn located about 6 miles (10 km) east of Toccoa Georgia United States. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on January 29 1964.Traveler's Rest was built by James R. Wyly around 1815 and served as an inn for traveler's on the newly constructed Unicoi Turnpike. In 1833 it was purchased by Devereaux Jarrett and became the headquarters of his 14000-acre (57 km2) plantation.
 The Carpenter Museum in Rehoboth Massachusetts is the town's museum of local history originating during the American Bicentennial year as a facility to house the collection of the Rehoboth Antiquarian Society which was incorporated in 1884.
 Saint John the Theologian Kaneo (Macedonian: Свети Јован Канео Latinic: Sveti Jovan Kaneo) or simply Saint John at Kaneo is a Macedonian Orthodox church situated on the cliff over Kaneo Beach overlooking Lake Ohrid in the city of Ohrid Republic of Macedonia. The church is attributed to John the Theologian. The construction date of the church remains unknown but documents detailing the church property suggests that it was built before the year 1447.
 20 Ashok Road (officially: Sanchar Bhawan) serves as the official headquarters of Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (India) of Union of India.It is also the headquarters of Department of Telecommunications of the ministry.The building is situated in the heart of the Indian Capital New Delhi.This building is very similar in its design to The Reserve Bank of India's Mumbai headquarters since both the buildings have been designed by a common architect Firoz Kudianwala.
 Strode-Morrison-Tabler House and Farm is a historic home located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It is a farmhouse of brick limestone and wood construction that began in 1752 as a single-story side-gable two-bay cottage of rubble limestone that subsequently underwent several additions during the 19th century. These additions include a brick upper story added to the original house and a three-bay limestone addition constructed about 1830.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church on NY 20 in Duanesburg Schenectady County New York. It was built in 1793 and is a two story rectangular meeting house with a freestanding tower. The square tower with octagonal spire was erected in 1811. Also on the property is a contributing carriage shed and cemetery.
 Utbremen Radio Tower also known as Utbremen Transmission Tower or Utbremen Broadcast Tower (German: Utbremen Funkturm Utbremen Radio Tower) was a wooden German lattice radio tower that was mainly built for mediumwave broadcasting. The tower was built in 1933 but was destroyed six years later in 1939 by lightning. It had an antenna that was 90 metres long.
 Holckenhavn Castle is a manor house located next to Holckenhavn Fjord an arm of the Great Belt just south of Nyborg on the east coast of Funen Denmark. The current Renaissance castle was built in the late 16th and early 17th century by three consecutive owners. Previously known both as Ulfeldtsholm and Ellensborg it received its current name in 1672 when it was acquired by Eiler Holck who at the same time founded the Barony of Holckenhavn.
 Nordbotn church (Norwegian: Nordbotn kirke) is a church in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Nordbotn on the island of Fjellværsøya. The church was built in 1900.
 Congregation Chasam Sopher is an Orthodox synagogue located at 10 Clinton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. It was formed in 1892 by the merger of two congregations of immigrants from Poland. It occupies an historic Romanesque Revival synagogue building built in 1853 by Congregation Rodeph Sholom.
 Naples Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Napoli Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta or Cattedrale di San Gennaro) is a Roman Catholic cathedral the main church of Naples southern Italy and the seat of the Archbishop of Naples. It is widely known as the Cattedrale di San Gennaro in honour of Saint Januarius the city's patron saint but is actually dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 Stokes-Lee House is located in Collingswood Camden County New Jersey United States on the 600 block of Lees Avenue. The house was built in 1707 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1987.
 Central Vermont Medical Center (CVMC) is the primary health care provider for 66000 people in central Vermont. The medical staff numbers 121 physicians including nine community-based medical group practices. CVMC provide 24-hour emergency care with 122 inpatient beds. CVMC is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. CVMC includes Woodridge Nursing Home.
 The Charles LeMoyne Hospital (French: Hôpital Charles-LeMoyne) is the major hospital in Longueuil Quebec Canada. It is located on Taschereau Boulevard in the borough of Greenfield Park opposite the borough of Saint-Hubert and in close proximity to the LeMoyne neighbourhood in the borough of Le Vieux-Longueuil. It also serves neighbouring cities on the south shore of Montreal. It is a regional centre for short-care term and specializes in emergency care ambulance services.
 The Delano Hotel is an upscale resort located at 1685 Collins Avenue Miami Beach Florida. The resort features 194 guest rooms suites and lofts and is located directly on the beach. Delano is now a part of the Morgans Hotel Group collection. The Delano is known for its whimsical art-deco styling and its celebrity clientele. The lobby is a mecca for late-night minglers. In 2007 the Delano Hotel was ranked in the American Institute of Architects list of America's Favorite Architecture.
 The Pioneer in Visalia California is a sculpture by Solon H. Borglum that was first displayed in a world's fair in San Francisco in 1915. It was obtained by Visalia for $150 the cost of shipping it from San Francisco.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.From 1916 to 1980 it was located in Mooney Grove Park at 27000 South Mooney Boulevard inVisalia. It was toppled by an earthquake in 1980 and destroyed.
 St Mary's Church Eastwell consists of the ruins of a former Anglican parish church located in the grounds of Eastwell Park in the hamlet of Eastwell Kent England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and has been under the care of the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches since 1980. The charity holds the freehold with effect from 20 March 1980. The ruins are a Scheduled Monument.
 The Space Needle is an observation tower in Seattle Washington a landmark of the Pacific Northwest and a symbol of Seattle. It was built in the Seattle Center for the 1962 World's Fair which drew over 2.3 million visitors when nearly 20000 people a day used its elevators.Once the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River it is 605 ft (184 m) high 138 ft (42 m) wide and weighs 9550 tons.
 The Whippany Burying Yard in the Whippany section of Hanover Township Morris County New Jersey United States was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 2009.The two plus acre burying yard which has approximately 450 graves and which dates back to 1718 is the oldest cemetery in northwest New Jersey. Graves include those of veterans of the French and Indian War the American Revolution the Civil War and World War I.
 The Civilian Conservation Corps Powder Magazine in Capitol Reef National Park Utah was used in the 1930s to store explosives for use by Civilian Conservation Corps laborers in the construction of improvements to the park. Much of the CCC's work in the park involved the quarrying of sandstone blocks and slabs which required explosives. The magazine was built about 1938 in association with CCC Camp NM-2 later called NP-6 located to the west of Fruita at Chimney Rock.
 The Reformed Presbyterian Church of Vernon is a historic church in the town of Vernon in southeastern Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. It is also listed as Convenanter Church. Built in 1853 and formerly a congregation of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1999.
 Carter Street Schoolhouse No. 21 is a historic one-room school building located at Orleans in Jefferson County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular limestone structure built about 1850. It was last used as a school in the 1930s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Centre d'histoire de Montréal is a museum in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 335 Place d'Youville in Old Montreal in the borough of Ville-Marie. The museum is dedicated to the history of Montreal.
 Diamond Silk Mill also known as York Silk Manufacturing Company is a historic silk mill located at Springettsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect John A. Dempwolf and built about 1900. It is a 3 1/2-story brick building with heavy timber frame trussing on a stone foundation. It measure 50 feet by 300 feet and has a hipped roof.
 Nicholas Switzer House also known as The Old Stone House and Switzerland is a historic home located near Wardensville Hardy County West Virginia. The house was built in 1788 and is a two-story I-house with a lower-level and attic constructed of uncoursed fieldstone. It sits on a stone foundation and has a side-gable standing seam metal roof. The rear elevation features a two story porch built about 1880.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic cathedral in Crookston Minnesota United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Crookston. The present Cathedral was dedicated September 25 1990 and is designed in the modern style. Prominent within the cathedral is the magnificent organ which is Opus 2132 of the Reuter Organ Company of Lawrence Kansas. It is a two-manual 31-rank instrument that contains approximately 1789 pipes.
 Canaseraga Four Corners Historic District is a national historic district located at Canaseraga in Allegany County New York. The district consists of 1.7 acres (0.69 ha) and includes 16 contributing buildings. It encompasses that part of the remaining commercial core that retains a high degree of architectural integrity.
 University College Hospital (UCH) is a teaching hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London (UCL).The hospital has 665 in-patient beds 12 operating theatres and houses the largest single critical care unit in the NHS. The Accident & Emergency department sees approximately 80000 patients a year.
 The Archaeological Museum of Olympia is one of the great museums of Greece in Olympia Elis and houses artifacts found in the archaeological site of Ancient Olympia.
 Nishio Castle (西尾城 Nishio-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Nishio eastern Aichi Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Nishio Castle was home to the Ogyu Matsudaira daimyō of Nishio Domain. The castle was also known as Tsuru-jō (鶴城) Tsuruga-jō (鶴ヶ城) or Saijo-jō (西条城).
 The Panteón Nacional Román Baldorioty de Castro (English: Román Baldorioty de Castro National Pantheon) is a tract of land in Barrio Segundo of the city of Ponce Puerto Rico originally designed as the city's cemetery but later converted into what has come to be a famous burial place. Established in 1842 it is Puerto Rico's first (and only) national pantheon. It is the only cemetery dedicated as a museum in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean.
 Serendra is one of the prime residential projects of Ayala Land Inc. It is located between 11th Avenue and McKinley Parkway Bonifacio Global City Metro ManilaSerendra is a 12-hectare garden community with European architecture style derived from Tegel Harbor and Germany Berliner Strasse master plans combined with the stone style house or bahay na bato architecture of the Philippines.Serendra provides a gracious suburban lifestyle within the conveniences of the city.
 South River Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Garland North Carolina.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 The Canada Agriculture and Food Museum (French: Musée de l'agriculture et de l'alimentation du Canada) in Ottawa Ontario Canada houses a modern working farm. Its purpose is to illustrate how advances in farming science and technology have transformed the lives of Canadians. The museum holds exhibits public programs facility rentals special events and live demonstrations.Animal Barns and Exhibitions:Open daily 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
 Aruna Ratanagiri Buddhist Monastery (Harnham Buddhist Monastery) is a Theravada Buddhist monastery of the Thai Forest Tradition in Northumberland England. The community consists of monks novices and postulants from a wide range of nationalities usually numbering around eight Sangha members. The monastery includes an adjacent lay retreat facility known as Kusala House.
 The Gene Snyder U.S. Courthouse and Custom House also known as United States Post Office Court House and Custom House is a historic courthouse custom house and post office located at Louisville in Jefferson County Kentucky. It is the courthouse for the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under the United States Post Office Court House and Custom House name.
 Grand Lisboa (Chinese: 新葡京) is a 58-floor 261-metre-tall (856 ft) hotel in Macau owned by Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau and designed by Hong Kong architects Dennis Lau and Ng Chun Man. Its casino and restaurants were opened on February 11 2007 while the hotel was opened in December 2008. The casino offers 800 mass gaming tables and 1000 slot machines. The hotel contains 430 hotel rooms and suites.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Old Town Eureka California also known as the French Empire Mansard Building is a Second Empire architecture style building built in 1883.The building served historically as a department store as a professional building as a clubhouse and as a meeting hall for Odd Fellows. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Fort Verde State Historic Park in the town of Camp Verde Arizona is a small park that attempts to preserve parts of the Apache Wars-era fort as it appeared in the 1880s. The park was established in 1970 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places a year later.Settlers in the mid-19th century near the Verde River grew corn and other crops with the prospect of getting good prices from nearby Prescott which was the territorial capital and from nearby miners.
 Earlville Historic District is a national historic district located at Earlville in Chenango and Madison County New York. The district contains 164 contributing buildings. It includes the commercial area at the center of the village and residential areas on the main thoroughfares and two side streets. Most of the buildings in the district were built between 1880 and 1920.
 The Toledo Museum of Art is an internationally known art museum located in the Old West End neighborhood of Toledo Ohio United States. The museum was founded by Toledo glassmaker Edward Drummond Libbey in 1901 and moved to its current location a Greek revival building designed by Edward B. Green and Harry W. Wachter on January 17 1912. The building was expanded twice in the 1920s and 1930s. Brian Kennedy serves as the museum's director.
 The Pacific Union College Church (PUC Church) is the campus church of Pacific Union College in Angwin Napa Valley California. It is a part of the worldwide Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 Torrance State Hospital is one of six State Hospitals in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The hospital is operated by the Department of Public Welfare Office of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services (OMHSAS).
 The Reay Boathouse is located in Three Lakes Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Burns Building is a historic six-story building located in downtown Calgary Alberta. It sits at 237-8th Ave. S.E. on the end of Stephen Avenue overlooking Olympic Plaza and City Hall.
 People's Park Complex (Chinese: 珍珠坊; pinyin: Zhēnzhū fāng) is a high-rise commercial and residential building on Eu Tong Sen Street in Outram within the Chinatown of Singapore.
 Gen. John Lacey Homestead is a historic home located at Wycombe Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in six sections over 200 years with the earliest constructed in 1755. The oldest section is a 2 1/2-story random fieldstone structure with a slate covered gable roof. Attached to it are two 2 1/2-story fieldstone sections with slate gable roofs. The fourth section is a 1 1/2-story plaster-covered stone section.
 The Old Providence Church is located off New Boonesboro Road in Winchester Clark County Kentucky United States. Constructed of stone the building was built in the late eighteenth century.Among the members of the church was Daniel Boone and two of his family members — Samuel and Mary — were baptized there. Once named Howard's Creek Church it was renamed Old Providence Church in 1790. A United Baptist organization was founded at the church in 1801.
 The United States Military Academy (West Point) and grounds were declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960 due to the Revolutionary War history and the age and historic significance of the Academy itself. The majority of the buildings in the central cadet area are historic. Notable structures and points of interest on post include:
 Manor Farm is a 22-acre (8.9 ha) historic site in Ruislip Greater London. It incorporates an old barn dating from the 13th century and the remains of a motte-and-bailey castle believed to date from shortly after the Norman conquest of England. Original groundwork on the site has been dated to the 9th century.Ownership of the site passed to the King's College Cambridge in the 15th century with whom it remained until 1931.
 St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church more commonly called Old St. Paul's Church today is a historic Episcopal church located at 233 North Charles Street in Baltimore Maryland United States. It was founded in 1692 as the parish church for Patapsco Parish one of the original 30 parishes in colonial Maryland.
 High Hollow also known as the George Howe House is a historic Chestnut Hill residence in Northwest Philadelphia designed and built by American architect George Howe.
 Wolford Chapel is the burial place of John Graves Simcoe the first lieutenant governor of Upper Canada.
 Concordia German Evangelical Church and Rectory also known as Concordia United Church of Christ and Rectory is a historic church in Northwest Washington D.C. Concordia Church is located in Foggy Bottom on the corner of G and 20th streets. It has been located here since 1833 and was rebuilt in 1932. Founded as Concordia German Evangelical United Church it is now known as The United Church. It is a member congregation of the United Church of Christ and the United Methodist Church.
 The Parish of the Our Lady of Peñafrancia is a Roman Catholic Parish located at Naga City Camarines Sur in the Philippines. It is under the jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Province of the Archdiocese of Caceres. The parish was formerly the old home and sanctuary of the miraculous Our Lady of Peñafrancia which is considered to be one of the largest pilgrimages in Asia.
 The Tift County Courthouse built in 1912-1913 is a historic courthouse building located in Tifton Georgia. It was designed by Atlanta-based architect William Augustus Edwards who designed one other courthouse in Georgia two in Florida and nine in South Carolina as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. On September 18 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Riverview at Hobson Grove also known as Riverview or as Hobson House is an historic home with classic Italianate architecture located in western Bowling Green Kentucky. Restored as representative of the Victorian period the house played a part in Civil War activities in the area and is the centerpiece of Hobson Grove Park. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Pier-2 Art Center (Chinese: 駁二藝術特區; pinyin: Bó Èr Yìshù Tèqū) is an art center in Yancheng District Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 The Standard Chartered Bank Building is a skyscraper located in the Central district of Hong Kong. The tower rises 42 floors and 185 metres (607 ft) in height. The building was completed in 1990. It was designed by architectural firm P & T Architects & Engineers Ltd..
 Garrett VanMeter House is a historic home located near Old Fields Hardy County West Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story brick I house dwelling with a two-story rear ell. It has Greek Revival stylistic elements. Attached to the ell is a one-story summer kitchen. It has a side gable roof and sits on a stone foundation. It features a centered entrance portico.
 The Randall Fawcett House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Los Banos California. The home was designed in 1955 and completed in 1961.The original owners Randall Buck and Harriet Fawcett met Wright while taking an architecture course at Stanford University. Buck Fawcett was a star college football player selected by the Chicago Bears in the 1944 NFL Draft.
 Fort Victoria near present-day Smoky Lake Alberta was established by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1864 on the North Saskatchewan River as a trading post with the local Cree First Nations. Today it is a historical museum known as Victoria Settlement.
 The Grisamore House was built by two brothers from Philadelphia David and Wilson Grisamore in 1837. It was designed from elements of both Federal and Greek style to build this two-story brick structure originally intended to be a row house. It has housed several Jeffersonville families of importance. Future president William Henry Harrison gave a speech on the front porch in 1840 while campaigning to become president.
 The Confederate Monument in Frankfort in Frankfort Cemetery in Frankfort Kentucky is a monument dedicated to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places.The statue depicts a Confederate soldier standing ready. It is made of white marble and stands atop a granite pedestal and limestone base.
 The Grand Site is an archaeological site in Jacksonville Florida United States. The site includes a shell midden approximately 30 fee wide and 175 feet in diameter with a sand mound immediately to the west. It is a product of the St. Johns archaeological culture spanning the St. Johns IIA through IIB periods. On June 20 1975 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Luton Castle was a 12th-century castle in the town of Luton in the county of Bedfordshire England (grid reference TL09062082).It was a timber motte-and-bailey structure built in 1139 and demolished in 1154. In 1963 the bailey was exposed but not excavated. An excavation was done in 2002 revealing a steep ditch.The site is now home to Matalan a discount store. Nothing visible remains of the castle.
 The Anthony and Louise Viaer Alumni Hall formerly the Administration Building is a building on the campus of Huston-Tillotson University in Austin Texas United States.The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Administration Building.The building was named after Anthony E. Viaer an alumnus of the Class of 1958 who gave a one million United States dollar scholarship opportunity to university students.It is located at 1820 E. Eighth St.
 Carver's Creek Methodist Church is a historic church in Council North Carolina.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 New Place (grid reference SP201548) was William Shakespeare's final place of residence in Stratford-upon-Avon. He died there in 1616. Though the house no longer exists the land is owned by the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust.The house stood on the corner of Chapel Street and Chapel Lane and was apparently the second largest dwelling in the town. It was built in 1483 by Sir Hugh Clopton a wealthy London mercer and Lord Mayor.
 University of Washington Plaza is a skyscraper complex completed in 1975 in the University District of Seattle Washington. The 99 m (325 ft) 22-story tower designed by NBBJ is Seattle's tallest building outside of the Downtown Seattle area. The tower was originally constructed as Safeco Plaza to serve as Safeco Insurance's headquarters and was generally known as the Safeco Building. Safeco sold the property to the University of Washington in 2006 for $130 million and moved out in 2007.
 The State House or The Château of Réduit is the official Residence of the President of Mauritius. Originally Le Réduit it was built as a fortress for defence against attack by Pierre Félix Barthelemy David in 1749. The mansion is in Réduit Moka near of the University of Mauritius and the end of the Plaines Wilhems District. It used to serve as the residence for former governors of Mauritius but now it is the residence of the President. It's built on 240 acres (0.97 km2).
 Holy Sunday Church (Bulgarian: църква „Света Неделя“ Sveta Nedelya) is an Eastern Orthodox church in Sofia the capital of Bulgaria a cathedral of the Sofia bishopric of the Bulgarian Patriarchate. Sveta Nedelya is a medieval church that has suffered destruction through the ages and has been reconstructed many times. The present building of the temple is among the landmarks of Sofia. It was designed by the famous Bulgarian architectural team Vasilyov-Tsolov.
 The Holy Rosary Historic District in Kansas City Missouri is a 2.7-acre (1.1 ha) area of the Columbus Park neighborhood centering around the Holy Rosary Church built in 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The James Sansom Carpenter House was significant to Des Moines cultural history from 1906 to 1939. The 13 acre property named Oakwood estate by its owners J. S. Carpenter and his Spouse Florence L. Carpenter because of the old growth oak forestation. The Carpenters' collection was deemed by art critics as one of the finest collections of etchings and lithographs in America. The house held the Carpenter collection of 125 paintings and 350 etchings. J. S.
 St. Matthew’s by the Bridge Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. The church is located in Iowa Falls Iowa United States at the junction of Oak and Railroad Streets. The parish was established in 1886 and the church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lexington Cemetery is a private non-profit 170-acre (69 ha) cemetery and arboretum located at 833 W. Main Street Lexington Kentucky. It is open to the public from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.The Lexington Cemetery was established in 1849 as a place of beauty and a public cemetery in part to deal with burials from the cholera epidemic in the area. It now contains more than 64000 interments.
 Lopez Adobe located at 1100 Pico Street in San Fernando California is one of the two oldest private residences in the San Fernando Valley. Built by early settlers of the San Fernando Valley a short distance from the San Fernando Mission it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Breim Church (Norwegian: Breim kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Re on the shore of the lake Breimsvatnet. The church is part of the Breim parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1886 by the architect Haakon Thorsen. The church seats about 500 people. It was consecrated on 9 July 1886.
 Jemeppe Castle also known as Hargimont Castle (French: Château Jemeppe or Château d'Hargimont) is a castle in Hargimont now part of the municipality of Marche-en-Famenne province of Luxembourg Belgium.
 The Rosson House was built between 1894 and 1895 and still sits in its original foundation in downtown Phoenix's Heritage Square. Named for Dr. Roland Lee Rosson and his wife Flora Murray this house changed hands numerous times before being purchased by the city and restored to its original condition. It now serves as a historic house museum.
 Herndon Hall also known as the Bergmann Mansion is an historical residential building located in Des Moines Iowa United States. The house was built in 1881 in the Queen Anne style. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Foster & Liebbe for attorney Jefferson Polk. He named the house after his wife Julia Herndon.
 Old Main is the main academic building at Washington & Jefferson College. It is the predominant building on campus and has served virtually every student since its construction. Its two identical towers added in 1875 symbolize the union of Washington College and Jefferson College to form Washington & Jefferson College. The towers appear on the College seal in a stylized version.
 The Daniels & Fisher (D&F) Tower is a distinctive Denver Colorado landmark. Built as part of the Daniels & Fisher department store in 1910 it was the tallest between the Mississippi and California at the time of construction at a height of 325 feet (99 m). The building was designed by the architect Frederick Sterner and modeled after The Campanile (St. Mark's Bell Tower) at the Piazza San Marco in Venice Italy. The 20-floor clock tower has clock faces on all four sides.
 Notre-Dame de Reims (Our Lady of Reims) is the seat of the Archdiocese of Reims where the kings of France were crowned. The cathedral replaced an older church destroyed by fire in 1211 that was built on the site of the basilica where Clovis was baptized by Saint Remi bishop of Reims in AD 496. That original structure had itself been erected on the site of some Roman baths.
 St Kentigern's Church Aspatria stands in the village of Aspatria Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the rural deanery of Maryport the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is dedicated to St Kentigern the apostle of Strathclyde whom it is believed passed by and preached at the Holy well on his way into exile in Wales in the 6th century.
 Patterson Houses is a public housing development in the Mott Haven neighborhood of The Bronx New York City New York.
 Pravda 10 is a landmark building of the notable area of Saint-Petersburg often referred to as Dostoevsky's St. Petersburg by locals. Over time it has served as a residence of merchants a tenement house; and later on in the Soviet Union period the building was used as Railway Club and afterwards as the Union of Food Workers’ “Palace of Culture”.
 The Jai Vilas Mahal (or The Jai Vilas Palace) Hindi: जय विलास महल is a nineteenth-century palace in India. It was established in 1874 by Jayajirao Scindia the Maharaja of Gwalior and is still the residence of his descendants the former royal Maratha Scindia dynasty.
 The Tibet Museum is the official museum of the Tibet Autonomous Region in Lhasa. Inaugurated on October 5 1999 it is the first large modern museum in the Tibet Autonomous Region. It has a permanent collection related to the cultural history of Tibet. The museum has a collection of around 1000 artefacts from examples of Tibetan art to architectural design throughout history such as Tibetan doors and beams.
 St. Joseph Parish Church is the Roman Catholic church of the parish of Las Piñas just south of the city of Manila in the Philippines. The church is renowned as the house of the Las Piñas Bamboo Organ a pipe organ made mostly with bamboo pipes. To the right of the church is an old Spanish convent converted into a gift shop and the entrance for observing the organ up close. Also in the church complex is St.
 Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park London is a five-star hotel located in the Knightsbridge district of London owned and managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group. Housed in an historic Edwardian-style building the hotel originally opened its doors to the public as the Hyde Park Hotel in 1902. Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group purchased the hotel in 1996 and conducted a complete renovation of the 198 rooms and suites as well as a re-design of the restaurants and bar.
 Kollengode Palace is a palace situated in Thrissur city Kerala state India.
 Church in the Wood officially known as St Leonard's Church and originally as St Rumbold's Church is an Anglican church in the Hollington area of the town and borough of Hastings one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Saint John the Baptist (Spanish: Catedral Basílica de San Juan Bautista) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Salto. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salto since 1939.
 The Hill Hotel also known as Kensington Tower is a historic building located at 505 South 16th Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. The building is one of the last existing examples of Colonial Revival architecture in Omaha. It is located on the historic 16th Street Mall and contains 12 floors of apartments with a book store on the first floor.
 Kirby Bellars Priory was a priory at Kirby Bellars in Leicestershire England.
 The Auberge d'Aragon (Maltese: Berġa ta' Aragona) is one of the auberges built in Birgu Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Aragon until the building of a larger Auberge d'Aragon in Valletta in the 1570s. The building was next to Auberge d'Auvergne et Provence and Auberge de France and together these Auberges formed a compact block.
 Echo Camp also known as Echo Point Camp is an Adirondack Great Camp on the tip of Long Point adjacent to Camp Pine Knot on Raquette Lake. It was used as a private girls' camp from the mid-1940s to the mid-1980s. It was sold in 1986 and is now a privately-owned summer residence.Built for Connecticut governor Phineas C. Lounsbury in 1883 its design bears the influence of William West Durant.
 Citibank Plaza is a modern glass and steel office complex in Hong Kong that comprises Citibank Tower ICBC Tower a 3 level basement garage capable of accommodating 558 vehicles as well as a retail podium. With a gross floor area of almost 1600000 sq ft (150000 m2). Citibank Plaza is one of the biggest office complexes in Hong Kong capable of serving a working population of over 10000. At 205 metres tall Citibank Tower reaches up to the 50th floor.
 Western Missouri Medical Center (WMMC) is a fully licensed acute aid service located in Warrensburg Missouri. A non profit county health Center WMMC recommends super medical care services to people of Johnson County and west central Missouri.To meet the growing vigor care requires and prospects of the superior community WMMC has been running on a Master Facility Plan for further than two years.
 The Shepard Street-South Road Street Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It includes the Grice-Fearing House.
 Edgemoor Farm Dairy Farm was built as part of a dairy farm in 1913. Edgemoor was part of a Spanish land grant to Maria Antonio Estudillo who married Miguel de Pedrorena a native of Madrid. By the 1850s through a variety of ways individuals obtained portions of the grant and began to farm.
 Bethlehem Chapel Richmond is an independent Calvinistic chapel in Richmond London. The building on the east side of Church Terrace dates from 1797. Grade II* listed it is small one-storey stuccoed building and retains its original galleried interior with pews and pulpit.
 Grönsö Castle (older spelling Grönsöö) is a castle on the island Grönsö in Enköping municipality Sweden.
 RingSide Steakhouse is a restaurant located in Portland Oregon.
 Burj Al Fattan is a proposed supertall skyscraper for construction in Dubai Marina. The tower will be built on the site of an existing hotel which is currently being demolished. Burj Al Fattan is projected to have 97 floors and a height of 463 m.
 The T.U. Lyon House is a historic house at 9 Warren Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The modest 1.5 story Greek Revival house was built c. 1850 for T.U. Lyon a shoe cutter. At the time of its construction Warren Street had been supplanted as the major north-south road through Stoneham by the Medford-Andover Turnpike (now Main Street Massachusetts Route 28).
 Public School 9 and Public School 9 Annex are two historic school buildings located at 249 and 251 Sterling Place respectively at Vanderbilt Avenue in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City.Public School 9 consists of a central two story gabled section flanked by two story wings. The central section dates to 1867-68 and was designed by Samuel B. Leonard in the Early Romanesque Revival style. The two wings were added in 1887 and were designed by James W. Naughton.
 The House at 59-63 Crystal Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a well preserved multiunit residential structure built to provide worker housing for the American Optical Company around the turn of the 20th century. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house in a late Victorian style with both Italianate and Colonial Revival elements.
 Adams County Courthouse is located in the city of Decatur the county seat of Adams County Indiana. It was built in 1872–1873 at a cost of $78979. The designer was J. C. Johnson who had been trained as a carpenter and joiner and became a self-taught architect; he won second place in the Indiana State Capitol design competition.
 Helmont House is a high-rise hotel and office tower in Cardiff Wales. Completed in 1984 the 58 metres (190 ft) high building has 12 floors and is the tenth tallest building in Cardiff. The building was renovated in 2009 into a 200-room Premier Inn hotel.The building was previously occupied by British Gas and was one of the largest office buildings in Cardiff and is yards away from Cardiff Queen Street railway station.
 The Blue Mosque (Persian: مسجد کبود‎ Masjed-e Kabud; Azerbaijani: Göy məscid Armenian: Կապույտ Մզկիթ Kapuyt Mzkit) is a mosque in Yerevan Armenia. During the Soviet era because of atheist policy the Mosque stopped its services and became the Museum of Yerevan. After the independence of Armenia with the support from Iranian government the premises again started acting as a Mosque.
 The Toledo Hospital is a public hospital in Toledo Ohio that is part of the ProMedica Health System. This level I trauma center is the biggest acute care location in the area with at least 4000 health care professionals 1100 of which being specialty and primary care physicians caring for patients in any of the 774 beds.
 Marrick Priory was a Benedictine nunnery in Richmondshire North Yorkshire England established between 1140-1160 by Roger de Aske. The parish Church of the Virgin Mary and St. Andrew and 400 acres of local land also belonged to the priory which thrived until the 16th century in spite of the depradations of marauding Scots.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Delhi in Delaware County New York. It is a large wood frame building on a cut stone foundation designed by Isaac G. Perry and built in 1880-1882.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary and Saint Boniface in Plymouth England is the seat of the Bishop of Plymouth and mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Plymouth which covers the counties of Cornwall Devon and Dorset. The Diocese of Plymouth was created in 1850.
 The Franklin County G. A. R. Soldiers' Memorial Hall also known as J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) is an historic building located at 3 Federal Street North in Hampton Iowa in the United States. The octagonal-style Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall was designed and built in 1890 by Edward Carl Keifer and was the meeting place of the J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 which was one of 519 GAR posts in Iowa.
 The Yankee Doodle Coffee Shop also known as The Doodle was a diner in New Haven Connecticut that catered to the Yale community for 58 years before closing on January 28 2008. The narrow restaurant with only 12 stools arranged opposite a counter that ran the length of shop was a favorite among students faculty and employees of the university. Bill Clinton George W. Bush and Henry Winkler are said to have been regulars during their times at Yale.
 Rand Tower is a 26-story high rise in Minneapolis Minnesota USA that was one of the city's tallest structures when it was completed in 1929. It was designed by Holabird & Root for Rufus R. Rand a World War I aviator who was part of the family that owned the Minneapolis Gas Company (Minnegasco) now part of CenterPoint Energy. Rand had flown in the Lafayette Flying Corps during the war.
 Woodstock also known as Banning Park is a historic home and public park located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The house consists of a two-story brick east wing said to have been built in 1743 and a 2 1/2-story west wing built-in 1833. Atop the 1833 wing is a widow's walk surrounded by a balustrade. The porches and kitchen shed were added in the 1930s. The house was restored in 1929.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Nottingham Castle is a castle in Nottingham England. It is located in a commanding position on a natural promontory known as Castle Rock with cliffs 130 feet (40 m) high to the south and west. In the Middle Ages it was a major royal fortress and occasional royal residence. In decline by the 16th century it was largely demolished in 1649 with the Duke of Newcastle later building a mansion on the site.
 Winlaton Youth Training Centre was a Government owned and run female youth correctional facility located on 18 acres (73000 m2) at 186 Springvale Road Nunawading Victoria Australia. The facility was designed to accommodate 14 to 18 year old wards of the state. It opened in 1956 (when it was known at the Winlaton Juvenile School) and closed in 1993 as the Nunawading Youth Residential Facility. A housing estate (Candlebark Estate) now occupies the site.
 Tripp House and Store Complex is a historic home and general store complex located at Durham in Greene County New York. The complex includes the Tripp House (c. 1830) the Original Tripp Store (c. 1830) and 1888 Tripp Store a barn (c. 1830) Outhouse (c. 1870) and two outbuildings / sheds (c. 1890). The house is a 2-story five by two-bay central hall single pile plan brick dwelling. It sits on a stone foundation and is surmounted by a steep gable roof.
 St James Priory Exeter was a priory in Devon England.
 Bartlett-Russell-Hedge House is an historic house at 32 Court Street inPlymouth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1803 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The J.D.C. Bradley House also known as Oakcrest is a historic mansion at 5 Sadie Hutt Lane in Southborough Massachusetts. The massive 15000-square-foot (1400 m2) stucco house was built in 1913 for James Donald Cameron Bradley as a gift for his bride-to-be Helen Sears from her mother Sarah Choate Sears. The house intended as a country estate was designed by Charles Adams Platt. It was built not far from the c. 1897 summer house of the Searses now at 1 Sears Road.
 The Lexington Historic District is a national historic district located at Lexington Virginia. It includes 11 contributing buildings on 600 acres (240 ha) and dates from 1823. It incluces Greek Revival Queen Anne Picturesque Cottage and other architecture. Notable buildings include Washington Hall located on the campus of Washington and Lee University the Virginia Military Institute Court House Presbyterian Manse Halestones and The Castle.
 First Baptist Church is a historic baptist church at 3rd and Main Streets in Dayton Oregon.The church building was constructed in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Abrams Building was located at South Pearl Street (New York State Route 32) and Hudson Avenue in Albany New York United States. It was a brick commercial building constructed in the 1880s. In 1980 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Originally it was part of a row of similar buildings.
 The former Old Stone Church also known as Calvary Episcopal Chapel is an historic stone Late Gothic Revival-style Episcopal church building located at 206 North Wilcox Avenue in Buffalo North Dakota Built in 1885 it was designed by British architect George Hancock and built by Angus Beaton. Calvary Episcopal Chapel held its first services on October 15 1886. In 1934 after years of many closings and reopenings Calvary closed for the final time.
 The West Brick School is an historic school building at 1492 Old Turnpike Road in Oakham Massachusetts. The one room brick building was built c. 1827 on the site of an 18th-century schoolhouse. The property includes the remnants of an old outhouse and an organized roughly dome-shape pile of dressed stone that may have served as a base for a flagpole.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 West Burlington Memorial Church also known as Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church on NY 80 in West Burlington Otsego County New York. It was built in 1868 in the Gothic Revival style. It is a one story rectangular building three bays wide and four bays deep. The building is of wood frame construction with board-and-batten siding. It sits on a fieldstone foundation with a steep gable roof and broad overhanging eaves.
 The Genaro P. and Carolina Briones House is a historic home in downtown Austin Texas. Built by Genaro Briones over a period of 14 years the home features unusual molded concrete construction and a dramatic two-story porch. It is known by some in the Hispanic community as Casa de Sueños (House of Dreams).The home is located at 1204 E 7th Street in a strongly Hispanic portion of east Austin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 7 1998.
 Akita Prefectural Museum (秋田県立博物館 Akita Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in the city of Akita Japan. It houses a comprehensive display of archaeological artifacts crafts biological and geological samples pertaining to the history and folklore of Akita Prefecture.The museum opened in May 1975 and reopened after renovations in April 2004.
 Tyringham Cemetery is a historic cemetery section just outside the historic center of Tyringham Massachusetts. The 3.67 acres (1.49 ha) property lies on the west side of Church Street opposite the Union Church. The historically designated portion of the cemetery excludes a 4 acres (1.6 ha) parcel that was purchased in the 2000s.The historic cemetery was the site of Tyringham's first meetinghouse built c. 1779 although its precise location is not known.
 Christ the King (Polish: Pomnik Chrystusa Króla) is a statue of Jesus Christ in Świebodzin Poland in the western Poland completed on 6 November 2010. The figure is 33 metres (108 ft) tall the crown is 3 metres (9.8 ft) tall and along with its mound it reaches 52.5 metres (172 ft) overall. It took 5 years in total to construct and cost around $1.5 million to build which was collected from donations of the 21000 residents of the town.
 Hume Castle is the heavily modified remnants of a late 12th- or early 13th-century castle of enceinte. The village of Hume is located between Greenlaw and Kelso two miles north of the village of Stichill in Berwickshire Scotland. (OS ref.- NT704413).
 Willoughby-Suydam Historic District is a national historic district in Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 50 contributing residential buildings built between 1902 and 1904. They are three story brick tenements that have two apartments per floor. Some feature yellow and white terra cotta detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Scotia Centre is an office tower and three level retail mall in downtown Calgary Alberta. Located at 700 2nd Street SW it stands at 155 metres (509 feet) or 41 storeys tall and was built in international style. It was completed in 1976 at a cost of $ 30 million. It was the tallest building in Calgary at the time of its completion and once included a restaurant on the top floor. The podium roof currently houses an outdoor patio area with full restaurant and bar.
 Hough Priory was a priory in Hough-on-the-Hill Lincolnshire England. The manor on which the priory of Hough was afterwards built was granted by Henry I to his abbey of St. Mary de Voto at Cherbourg for Austin canons.
 The Red River Valley Museum is located at 4600 College Drive in the city of Vernon county of Wilbarger in the U.S. state of Texas.
 Old Post Office Building is an historic building on Crescent Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The Colonial Revival style post office was built in 1898 and expanded in 1932.The building was renovated in 1977 and became home of the Brockton Public Schools central administration offices. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Cholesbury Camp is a large and well-preserved Iron Age hill fort on the northern edge of the village of Cholesbury in Buckinghamshire England. It is roughly oval-shaped covers an area including ramparts of 15 acres (6.1 ha) and measures approximately 310 m (1020 ft) north-east to south-west by 230 m (750 ft) north-west to south-east. The interior is a fairly level plateau and has been used as farmland since the medieval period.
 Engine House No. 6 is a historic firehouse at 480 Howard Street in Lawrence Massachusetts.The Engine House was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. Due to budget cuts the station was closed in 2008. In 2012 it was reopened with a grant from the government.[citation needed]
 The Moody Barn is a round barn in Chisago Lake Township Chisago County Minnesota United States. The farm was first homesteaded in 1871 by Elof and Eva Modig who emigrated from Sweden. The couple raised five children and grew wheat on their farm as was common in the 1870s. By the 1890s Minnesota farming had begun to diversify with cheese and butter production becoming popular and distributed by cooperative creameries.
 Tupelo Honey Cafe is a restaurant located in downtown Asheville North Carolina specializing in Southern cooking.The restaurant was established in 2000. The current owner is Stephen Frabitore and the executive chef is Brian Sonoskus. Sonoskus purchased a 12-acre (49000 m2) farm that he named Sunshot Organics to supply a great deal of the ingredients for the restaurant's dishes.
 Semiahmoo Resort is a golfing resort and spa overlooking Semiahmoo Bay opposite Blaine Washington northwest of Bellingham in the northwestern coast of the United States. Set within 1100 acres (450 ha) it lies on a long sandy spit in the northern part of Puget Sound near the Canadian border. The name of the resort takes its name from the name of the Semiahmoo indigenous people in whose language means half moon describing the crescent shaped land the resort is now built on.
 Brickland is a historic plantation home located near Kenbridge Lunenburg County Virginia. The original section was built about 1818 with an addition built about 1822 and rear addition in 1920. It is a 2 1/2-story eight bay brick dwelling in the Federal style. The front facade features a gable-roof porch with paired Tuscan order columns. Also on the property are the contributing pump house smokehouse (c. 1820) Lunenburg County's first post office (c. 1900) a summer kitchen (c.
 The Auberge d'Italie (Maltese: Berġa tal-Italja) is one of the auberges built in Valletta Malta for the langues of the knights of the Order of Saint John. It housed the langue of Italy until the French occupation of Malta in 1798.
 Coker Spring is located in Aiken South Carolina. The spring is an important historic landmark for several reasons. First it served as the source of drinking water for Aiken’s early settlers (circa 1830-1890). Second the archeological remains in the area suggest that spring was probably a source of water for prehistoric area. Third the spring was a regular stop on the stagecoach route from Abbeville to Charleston.
 Burstead Grange was a priory in Essex England.
 Engine Company Number Nine Firehouse is an historic firehouse in North Deering Portland Maine. It was constructed in 1902-03 shortly after Deering was annexed by the City of Portland Maine. It was built to reflect Portland's commitment to the newly annexed suburb as well as due to the city's switch to a paid fire department. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in October 2010.
 The Washington Street Historic District is a historic district on Washington Main Holten and Sewall Streets in Peabody Massachusetts. The district includes the Gen. Gideon Foster House (35 Washington St.) headquarters of the Peabody Historical Society & Museum. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Bowlingly also known as Neale's Residence and The Ferry House is a historic home located at Queenstown Queen Anne's County Maryland United States. It is a large brick dwelling house constructed in 1733. The original house is a two story brick structure that is seven bays long and one room deep with flush brick chimneys at either end of the pitched gable roof. The house was pillaged by the British during the War of 1812.
 Saddleback Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Lake Forest California situated in southern Orange County affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention. The church was founded in 1980 by pastor Rick Warren. Weekly church attendance averages over 20000 people currently making it the seventh-largest church in the United States (this ranking includes multi-site churches).
 The Shihsanhang Museum of Archaeology (Chinese: 十三行博物館; pinyin: Shísānháng Bówùguǎn) is an archaeology museum in Bali New Taipei Taiwan. The museum conserves and displays artifacts from the Shihsanhang archaeological site.The museum is located at the foot of Guanyin Mountain near the mouth of the Tamsui River.
 The Protestant church of Deinum or Saint John the Baptist church is a religious building in Deinum Netherlands one of the medieval churches in Friesland. It is an early 13th-century building with a tower that dates from 1550-1567. The historic pipe organ was built in 1865 by Willem Hardorff from Leeuwarden. The church was originally a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint John the Baptist but became a Protestant church after the protestant reformation.
 Nibbia Chapel was a chapel located close to the Sacra Infermeria and Fort Saint Elmo in Valletta Malta. It was built by the knight Fra Giorgio Nibbia in 1612 and was dedicated to Our Lady of Mercy. It was destroyed in World War II.
 Priory Cottages (formerly Steventon Priory) is a 14th-century manor house and former monastic grange which had the status of a priory at Steventon in the English county of Oxfordshire (formerly Berkshire).King Henry I gave the manor of Steventon to the priory of Notre-Dame de Bonne-Nouvelle in Rouen a cell of the Abbey of Bec in Normandy. It therefore became a cell of Bec and was given the status of a priory. However a priory church and associated buildings were never built there.
 The Tulane Medical Center is a hospital located in New Orleans Louisiana. The Tulane Medical Center has centers covering nearly all major specialties of medicine and is the primary teaching hospital for the Tulane University School of Medicine. The hospital is jointly owned by Hospital Corporation of America (82.5%) and Tulane University (17.5%).
 Walker School is an historic elementary school on Berkley Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The school was built in 1895 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.A plan to demolish the school was circulated in 2005 but the plan was postponed for approval.Walker School was closed by the City in June 2010. At the time it held classes for grades K through 4.
 Hagley Hall is a Grade I listed 18th-century house in Hagley Worcestershire. It was the creation of George 1st Lord Lyttelton (1709–1773) secretary to Frederick Prince of Wales poet and man of letters and briefly Chancellor of the Exchequer.
 Coca-Cola Baltimore Branch Factory is a historic factory complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was constructed from 1921 to 1948 and built principally to house Coca Cola’s syrup-making operations. The complex is spread over a 9.4-acre (38000 m2) site and includes a two-story brick syrup factory/sugar warehouse and an earlier two-story brick mattress factory (The Simmons Building) that Coca-Cola acquired and adapted in the 1930s.
 The Phineas Upham House is a historic First Period house at 255 Upham Street in Melrose Massachusetts. The house's construction date is claimed by some local historians to be c. 1703 not long after Phineas Upham married. However other evidence suggests that this house was actually built by Phineas Upham for his son Amos and would thus date to the late 1730s instead.
 Ashton Villa is a fully restored historic home located on the corner of 23rd and Broadway in Galveston Texas United States. Constructed in 1859 it was one of the first brick structures in Texas.
 The Giddings-Burnham House is a historic house at 37 Argilla Road in Ipswich Massachusetts. The house was probably built in the 1640s by George Giddings and was sold to his brother-in-law Thomas Burnham. The earliest documentation for this property was the deed of sale between George Giddings and Thomas Burnham in 1667 negating previous thoughts that the house was not built until 1680.
 Park Dinor is a historic diner located at Lawrence Park Township Erie County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1948 by the Paterson Vehicle Co. of Paterson New Jersey. It is a one-story pre-fabricated stainless steel and porcelain building. The diner measures 40 feet long by 14 feet wide and has an attached concrete block kitchen measuring 13 feet by 11 feet six inches. Also on the property is a contributing pre-fabricated 384 square foot cottage also erected in 1948.
 W. Scott Stuart House is a historic home located at West Union Doddridge County West Virginia. It was built about 1905 and is a three story frame dwelling with a two story front portico with Ionic order columns wrap-around porch and an opulent interior in a transitional Queen Anne style. It features circular twin towers located on each front corner with tile conical roofs. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Bank of New Zealand building is an historic building on the corner of Manners and Cuba Street Wellington New Zealand.The building designed by William Turner (son of Thomas Turner) is one of Wellington's earliest reinforced concrete and steel structures. It features corinthian columns and ornate projecting cornice.
 The Palazzo Grimani di Santa Maria Formosa is a palace in Venice northern Italy.Originally the residence of the Venetian doge Antonio Grimani it was rebuilt in 1532-1569 by his heirs Vittore procuratore generale of the city and Giovanni Grimani cardinal and Patriarch of Aquileia. The latter allegedly collaborated with Michele Sanmicheli who had been usually credited as the designer of the whole construction[1]. The palace was completed in 1575 by Giovanni Rusconi.
 Japan Center is a high-rise building in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt Germany. The 115 meter high office tower with 27 floors was completed in 1996.The building was designed by Berlin architect Joachim Ganz and cost approximately 200 million Euros. The strict geometric forms based on the measure of a Japanese tatami mat (0.9 m × 1.8 m) and terra cotta stone cladding correspond to classical Japanese design.
 The Sanctuary of Santa Maria della Vita is a church in central Bologna near the Piazza Maggiore.The construction of the present Baroque church began in 1687-1690 under the designs of Giovanni Battista Bergonzoni who built the elliptical plan with a dome designed by Giuseppe Tubertini in 1787. The facade was not added till 1905. The sanctuary houses the sculptural group of Sorrow over Dead Christ (1463) by Niccolò dell'Arca.
 Grenoble Archaeological Museum is a museum located on the historic site of Saint-Laurent in Grenoble between the river Isère and the hill of the Bastille.
 The Church of the Holy Innocents is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 126 West 37th Street at Broadway Manhattan New York City.
 The Bartow Downtown Commercial District (also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse) is a historic district in central Bartow Florida. Composed of an area bounded by Floral and 1st Avenues and Main and Vine Streets the district includes 204 contributing properties. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Bar Building is a historic commercial building located at White Plains Westchester County New York. It was built in 1926 and is a 10 story 125 foot tall building. Above the tenth floor is a two story recessed penthouse. The penthouse floors are enclosed with a crenellated parapet. It is a steel frame building clad in face brick and cement with Neo Gothic / Art Deco terra cotta ornamentation.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Tràng Tiền Plaza is a shopping center located in the downtown of Hanoi Vietnam. The complex's construction began on April 30 2000 when Vietnamese people celebrated 25th anniversary of The liberation of the south of Vietnam. The complex was finished after 18 months of construction.
 The Plymouth is an historic building in Washington D.C. United States. It is in the Logan Circle-Shaw neighborhood in the Northwest Quadrant of the city. Frederick Atkinson designed the building in the Classical Revival style and it was completed in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Costa Del Sol is a major condominium complex located in Bedok area of East Region Singapore.Completed in 2003 the seven tower complex rises to a height of 30 storeys. It was built by Li Ka-shing and designed by Team Design Architects. There are 906 units which give panoramic views over the sea as a result of its coastal location. There are a number of leisure facilities including an Olympic size pool for the residents.The complex is located on the Bayshore Road.
 Yanco Powerhouse Museum is located at Binua Street in Yanco New South Wales Australia. Yanco Power Station was built in 1913 to supply power to the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area when power was required for general lightning and for the Leeton Butter Factory. The site on which it was constructed was chosen as it was close to the Yanco railway line for obtaining coal and close to a water source that would be used for condensing water using a secondhand 75 KW generator.
 The Little Chapel is a small chapel in Saint Andrew Guernsey situated in Les Vauxbelets. It was created in July 1914 by Brother Déodat. He planned to create a miniature version of the grotto and basilica at Lourdes the Rosary Basilica. It has been said that it is the smallest functioning chapel in Europe if not the world and it is believed to be the world’s smallest consecrated church.
 Harmonie German Club is a German Australian Australian pub and restaurant in Australian Capital Territory that hosts live performances regularly and has Australian sports shown regularly.
 The Lembeck and Betz Eagle Brewing Company was founded in Jersey City New Jersey in 1869 by Henry B. Lembeck and John F. Betz. The brewery bounded by 9th 10th Grove and Henderson streets in downtown Jersey City developed into one of the most famous best-equipped and financially successful breweries on the East Coast of the United States. In 1889 Lembeck started producing lager beer in addition to the traditional pale ale they had been brewing.
 Ban Pako also known as Ban Pako Eco Resort is an ecotourist resort lodge and ancient site along the Nam Ngum River approximately 50 kilometres northeast of Vientiane Laos. The area is a major archaeological significance with the remains on an ancient temple which has been excavated and revealed evidence of ancient metal working and textile making in the area and that the inhabitants had advanced skills in pottery.
 The Vienna Islamic Centre is the largest mosque in Austria located in Vienna's 21st district Floridsdorf.
 The Château de Fourquevaux was originally a 15th-century castle in the commune of Fourquevaux in the Haute-Garonne département of France. It was modified in the 16th century. An orangery was added in the last quarter of the 18th century.Privately owned it has been listed since 1979 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Cohoes City Hall is located at 97 Mohawk Street in the city of Cohoes New York United States. It combines elements of the Chateauesque and Romanesque Revival architectural styles popular when it was built in 1896. J.C. Fuller the Kansas state architect at the time was chosen for his experience in designing public buildings.It is a contributing property to the Downtown Cohoes Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 First Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 215 W. Cherokee Street in Brookhaven Mississippi.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 Chambersburg Historic District is a national historic district centered on the Memorial Fountain and Square of Chambersburg in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The district includes 159 contributing buildings in the central business district and immediately surrounding residential area of Chambersburg. The district has a number of notable examples of Georgian and Italianate style architecture. Notable buildings include the St. Paul United Methodist Church (1896) Professional Arts Building (c.
 Guy House near Mansfield Louisiana is a Greek Revival home built in 1850. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The French Foreign Legion Museum (Musée de la Légion étrangère) is a military museum in the headquarters of the French Foreign Legion at Aubagne. The museum houses a collection of the Legion's history from its creation to the present day.
 The Griffintown Horse Palace is a stable in the Griffintown district in Montreal Quebec Canada which dates back to around 1860. For three decades the stables were run by former Goose Village resident iceman and calèche driver Leo Leonard also known locally as Clawhammer Jack. Leonard who was reported to be the last Irish Quebecer left in Griffintown retired and moved to Nun's Island in 2011.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Oviedo) is a defunct church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. The church had three altars the leading dedicated to the Virgin Mary and the two minors engaged to San Esteban and San Julián.
 Nettlestead Place is a country house in Nettlestead Kent England. The house and its gatehouse are each separately Grade I listed buildings.
 Irving Square Historic District is a historic district on Irving Square Waverly South Columbia Irving Gordon and Hollis Streets in Framingham Massachusetts.
 The United States Post Office and Court House in Tulsa Oklahoma also known as Federal Building is a federal building of the United States government completed in 1917 and located at 224 South Boulder Avenue. The supervising architect for both the original construction and a substantial extension completed in 1933 was James A. Wetmore.
 Prince William County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Manassas Prince William County Virginia. It was built in 1892-1893 and is a two-story Romanesque style polychromatic brick building. It measures 52 feet by 60 feet and has a hipped roof. The front facade is symmetrical and features a projecting central bay forming a three-story clock tower topped with a cupola. The building was restored in 2000-2001.
 The William J. Bernd House is located in New Richmond Wisconsin. It is one of two houses sharing the name in New Richmond. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Forest Route 157–Tamarack River Bridge also known as the San Souci Bridge is a bridge located on Federal Forest Highway 157 over the Tamarack River in Stambaugh Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 All Saints Church is the parish church for Selsley in Gloucestershire.
 The Custer Military Trail Historic Archeological District is a national historic district consisting of 18149 acres (7345 ha) located in Billings and Golden Valley Counties in North Dakota. The district includes five historic sites associated with the Plains Indian War from 1864 to 1876. The historic sites include Initial Rock a site where George Custer's 7th Cavalry Regiment camped on May 28 1876 en route to Little Bighorn. Two privates in Custer's regiment W. C. Williams and F.
 The Lynn Bank Block is a historic bank building at 21–29 Exchange Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The three story building was built for the First National Bank of Lynn and the Lynn Institution for Savings in 1891. It was the first Colonial Revival construction in Lynn's rebuilding effort after a disastrous fire destroyed much of its central business district in 1889. Most of the earlier buildings erected after the fire were in Romanesque Revival styling.
 Seacon Bangkae (originally Future Park Bangkae) is a shopping plaza and complex in Bangkok Thailand. Opened on September 10 2012 Seacon Bangkae was established by Seacon Bangkae Co. Ltd. and is located on over 16 acres lot on Phetkasem RoadPhasi Charoen. It has a modern contemporary design which emphasizes the airy natural light.
 Battle Hall also known as The Old Library is a historic library on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin in Austin Texas. It is one of four buildings on campus that have been added to the National Register of Historic Places. The others are the Littlefield House University Junior High School now the School of Social Work Building and Little Campus now called John W.
 The Gilpin Homestead also known as General Howe Headquarters is a historic home located in Chadds Ford Delaware County Pennsylvania. The original house was built in 1754 and consisted of a brick building with two basement rooms two first-floor rooms two bedrooms and the attic. About 1811 a stone addition was built that is now the middle of the house and a second stone addition was completed by 1859. A porch was added between 1870 and 1897 and the garage was attached in 1949.
 The House of the Good Shepherd (Slovak: Dom U dobrého pastiera) is a narrow Rococo-style building in Bratislava Slovakia located in the Old Town below Bratislava Castle. It was built in 1760–1765 by notable Bratislava master-mason Matej (Matthäus) Hollrigl. The townhouse was constructed for a local merchant and the lower part of the building was used for commercial purposes the upper part for living.
 The David Webster House is at 13 Eleanor Street in Troyeville and it is important not only because this is where the anti-apartheid activist David Webster lived but it is also where he was killed by a government assassin. The house is still in private ownership but it is decorated to commemorate his life.
 Phillipsburg Mall is an indoor shopping mall located along U.S. Route 22. Despite its name the mall is actually located on the border of Lopatcong Township and Pohatcong Township in Warren County New Jersey United States just east of Phillipsburg. It is located on the eastern edge of the Lehigh Valley the metropolitan area of Allentown Pennsylvania.The mall features the anchors of Bon-Ton JCPenney Kohl's and Sears.
 Bryan McDonald Jr. House is a historic home located at Troutville Botetourt County Virginia. It was built about 1766 and is a two-story three-bay side-gable Georgian Period stone building with a two-story brick ell added about 1840. Also attached is a modern two-story frame addition. The front facade is of coursed sandstone blocks and side and rear elevations of limestone. Also on the property are the contributing remains of a rectangular stone barn (c.
 The William Marston House is a historic house at 71 Cotuit Road in the Marstons Mills area of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built c. 1780 by Benjamin Marston from the third generation of Marstons that gave the area its name. It has a five-bay facade and a large central chimney with a centered entry framed by pilasters and topped by a transom window and entablature.
 Barney Greengrass is a restaurant deli and appetizing store located at 541 Amsterdam Avenue (West 86th Street and West 87th Street) on the Upper West Side of Manhattan that was started in 1908. They specialize in sturgeon Nova Scotia salmon and whitefish and is very popular for brunch.They were the winner of the 2006 James Beard Foundation Award for Excellence. In 2013 Zagats gave it a food rating of 24 third-highest among New York City delis.
 The Hershey Story The Museum on Chocolate Avenue is devoted to the history and legacy of Milton S. Hershey and the chocolate candy confections he invented. It is located at 63 West Chocolate Avenue in downtown Hershey Pennsylvania and opened in January 2009. The interactive Museum Experience chronicles Milton Hershey's life businesses community and philanthropies. The Chocolate Lab explores the unique qualities of chocolate through playful hands-on experiences.
 Saints Peter and Paul Church is a Roman Catholic church located at 629 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It is the oldest existing church in the city of Detroit and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971.
 1801 California Street also known as CenturyLink Tower is a skyscraper in Denver Colorado. (In summer 2011 the Qwest sign was removed from the top and replaced with the Century Link sign.) The building was completed in 1983 and rises 53 floors and 709 feet (216 m) in height.
 Frascati is an early 19th-century Federal-style plantation near Somerset in Orange County Virginia. Frascati was the residence of Philip Pendleton Barbour Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States and statesman.
 The Palace of the Kraków Bishops in Kielce (Polish: Pałac Biskupów Krakowskich w Kielcach) was built in the 17th century as a summer residence of Bishops of Kraków in Kielce Poland. The architecture of the palace constitute a unique mélange of Polish and Italian traditions and reflects political ambitions of its founder. Currently the palace houses a branch of the National Museum with an important gallery of Polish paintings.
 15 Central Park West is a condominium building located at the corner of West 61st Street and Central Park West in New York City. Construction started in 2005 and was completed in 2008 costing a total of $950 million. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern.The building was constructed by developers Arthur and William Lie Zeckendorf of Zeckendorf Development grandsons of real estate developer William Zeckendorf in partnership with Goldman Sachs and Eyal Ofer’s Global Holdings Inc.
 The Italian Gardeners and Ranchers Association Market Building also known as the Italian Market in southeast Portland Oregon in the U.S. is a two-story commercial structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built of concrete in 1922 it was added to the register in 1989.Occupying an entire block of the Central Eastside Industrial District the square structure has a flat roof large loading bays multi-paned casement windows and a full basement.
 Hugh Laughlin House is a historic home located at Redstone Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It consists of two sections. The older was built between about 1785 and 1795 and is a two-story three bay stone structure in the Georgian style. It measures 26 feet by 30 feet. A 1 1/2-story sandstone section was added between about 1800 and 1810. It measures 22 feet by 20 feet.
 Old Marine Hospital was designed by Robert Mills. Construction started in 1831 and was completed in 1833. It is a Gothic revival building at 20 Franklin St. in Charleston South Carolina. It was built for sick sailors and other transient persons. The City of Charleston undertook its operation in 1834. During the Civil War it was used for Confederate forces as well as seamen. It was badly damaged by Union bombardment.
 Charles C. Hovey House and Strong Leather Company Mill is a historic home and mill located at Bainbridge in Chenango County New York. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne style residence constructed in 1889. It and the adjacent carriage house were included as part of the Bainbridge Historic District. The mill building is a long 1 1⁄2-story 5000-square-foot (460 m2) structure built between 1897 and 1903 to house the Strong Leather Company a manufacturer of patent leather.
 Logan School House is a historic one-room school building located at Kitts Hummock Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1868 and is a one-story gable roofed frame structure with grey simulated brick composition siding. The interior has a plastered barrel vault ceiling. The school served the educational requirements of the agricultural community of lower St. Jones Neck School District.
 School No. 6 is a historic school building located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was constructed about 1843 and is a 1-story vernacular Greek Revival cobblestone building consisting of a two-by-two-bay main block with a one-by-one-bay east wing. It features irregularly shaped variously sized and colored cobbles in its construction. The school closed in 1943 and converted to a residence after 1953.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Town-Hollister Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at North Granville in Washington County New York. The house was built about 1810 and consists of a 2-story center entrance main block with a 1 1⁄2-story kitchen ell. The property also includes a mid-19th-century turnpike marker timber-frame barn car garage well cow barn wood silo machinery shed corn crib barn cluster hay barn and windmill.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Samuel Lewis House in Bozeman Montana United States was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.Samuel Lewis was the older brother of artist Edmonia Lewis. He was born in Haiti in 1835 grew up in upstate New York and became a barber in San Francisco eventually moving to mining camps in Idaho and Montana. In 1868 he settled in the city of Bozeman where he set up a barber shop on Main Street.
 Šerefudin's White Mosque (Bosnian: Šerefudinova Bijela džamija) is a mosque located in Visoko Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is of great architectural importance to the town and area. The mosque's architect was Zlatko Ugljen the craftsman was Ismet Imamović while the contractor was Zvijezda from Visoko. First construction was completed in 1477 but it was completely reconstructed and finished in 1980. Its most notable award came in 1983 when it was awarded the Aga Khan Award for Architecture.
 Franklin Avenue Presbyterian Church (also known as North Presbyterian Church) is a historic church at 108 W. Grand River Avenue in Lansing Michigan.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Swedish Club of Chicago is a historic building located in Chicago Illinois. During the late 1800s the Swedish Club was an important center for the Swedish American immigrant community in Chicago in a neighborhood that was known then as Swede Town.
 Natchez National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Natchez overlooking the Mississippi River in Adams County Mississippi. It encompasses 25.7 acres (10.4 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 7154 interments.
 The Ming Shan Resort (Chinese: 溪頭明山森林會館; pinyin: Xītóu Míngshān Sēnlín Huìguǎn) is a tourist attraction resort in Lugu Township Nantou County Taiwan. The resort houses the Xitou Monster Village (Chinese: 溪頭妖怪村; pinyin: Xītóu Yāoguài Cūn).
 The Scales Mound Historic District is a historic district in the small Illinois village of Scales Mound. The district encompasses the entire corporate limit of the village and has more than 200 properties within its boundaries. The district was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Alberton School is a three-story brick school located in Alberton Montana United States which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 13 1997. Constructed in 1919 at a cost of US$70000 the school was built to replace a wooden structure that burned in 1916. From its construction until 1960 it was the only high school within 40 square miles (100 km2). It continues to serve as a school and remains architecturally intact.
 Tuthill-Green House is a historic home located at Moravia in Cayuga County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame Queen Anne–style residence. The house was built about 1887. Also on the property is a 2 1⁄2-story frame carriage house built about 1885.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Spring Hill Mall is a regional shopping mall in West Dundee Illinois and Carpentersville Illinois.
 The Salina Catacombs are a cluster of small catacombs located near the Church of the Annunciation in Salina Naxxar in Malta. Although small when compared to the catacombs of St. Paul and St.
 The Point is an Historic District located in Plattsburgh New York roughly bounded by Jay Hamilton Peru and Bridge Streets. It contains a collection of historic homes dating from about 1815. The district is adjacent to the historic D & H Railroad Complex and also Plattsburgh Bay an arm of Lake Champlain.
 McBee Presbyterian Church is the first Presbyterian church of McBee South Carolina.
 Hotel Motithang is a hotel in Thimphu Bhutan. It was established in 1974 on the occasion of the coronation of Jigme Singye Wangchuck.At the time the hotel was located in the middle of forest separated from the city by farmland but today this area has grown up with houses and gardens. It has 14 rooms and a restaurant which serves up to 30 people serving Bhutanese. Indian and continental cuisine.
 Saint-Pierre-en-Antioche Church is a Catholic church located in the former village of Ascq now part of Villeneuve-d'Ascq city Nord department northern France.The church hosts since the 18th century a tapestry designated monument historique called Les Noces de Cana painted by G. Werniers in 1735.
 Tollgate House which was completed in 1975 was a nineteen floor office building in the city of Bristol England. It was the second tallest building in Bristol at the time of completion with a height of 77 metres (252 feet) after St Mary Redcliffe. After the completion in 1981 of Castlemead which is also a nineteen floor structure but stands at 80 metres (262 feet) Tollgate House remained the third tallest building in Bristol until its demolition began in January 2006.
 Corpus Christi Catholic Church is a parish of the Diocese of Sioux City. The church is located in Fort Dodge Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Strong's Block is a historic commercial building at 1637-1651 Beacon Street in the center of Waban Village in the city of Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1896 this 2-1/2 story brick Flemish Revival structure is one of a small number of surviving 19th century commercial blocks in the city. The building was designed by Waban resident Lewis H.
 The Joubert and White Building is located at 77-79 Warren Street (formerly 45-47 Warren Street) in Glens Falls New York. The property was acquired in 1864 to be the corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility for Joubert and White Company - manufacturers of high-grade buckboards. The building is located at the corner of Warren and Jay streets.The Joubert and White Building is a three-story flat-roofed brick factory structure above a cut limestone foundation.
 Public Square is the four-block central plaza of downtown Cleveland Ohio. Based on an 18th-century New England model it was part of the original 1796 town plat overseen by Moses Cleaveland and remains today as an integral part of the city's center. The 10-acre (4.0 ha) square is centered on the intersection of Superior Avenue and Ontario Street. Cleveland's three tallest buildings Key Tower 200 Public Square and the Terminal Tower face the square.
 The Whitman House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1764 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 Adam P. Leighton House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the Portland's West End it was built in 1902-03 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was the home Adam P. Leighton who was considered the father of the American postcard industry and served as the Mayor of Portland from 1908-09.
 The Willows Hotel at 112 S. Broadway in Linton North Dakota United States was built in 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Lompirt Romania completed in 1777.
 Balboa Park is a 1200-acre (490 ha) urban cultural park in San Diego California United States. In addition to open space areas natural vegetation zones green belts gardens and walking paths it contains museums several theaters and the world-famous San Diego Zoo. There are also many recreational facilities and several gift shops and restaurants within the boundaries of the park.
 The National Museum of Mathematics or MoMath is a museum dedicated to mathematics which opened on December 15 2012 at 11 East 26th Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues across from Madison Square Park in the NoMad neighborhood of Manhattan New York City It is the only museum dedicated to mathematics in North America and features over thirty interactive exhibits. The mission of the museum is to enhance public understanding and perception of mathematics.
 The Phillipi House also known as the Mastin House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story brick masonry structure was completed in 1850. It is built in a traditional Mobile townhouse style with a Greek Revival door surround and a second floor cast iron balcony across the front elevation. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984 based on its architectural significance.
 Hougang Mall (Chinese: 后港购物坊) previously known as NTUC Hougang Mall is a suburban shopping mall in Hougang Singapore. It is near Hougang Central Bus Interchange as well as Hougang MRT station.In 2006 the mall underwent renovation; it transformed part of the second level formerly occupied by NTUC FairPrice into a food cluster. The mall previously had renovations on the fifth level. Before renovations a food court stood on the fifth floor.
 The Tomah Public Library is located in Tomah Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Cemetery of the Evergreens is a non-denominational cemetery in Brooklyn and Queens New York colloquially called Evergreen Cemetery. It was incorporated in 1849 not long after the passage of New York's Rural Cemetery Act spurred development of cemeteries outside Manhattan. For a time it was the busiest cemetery in New York City; in 1929 there were 4673 interments. The cemetery borders Brooklyn and Queens and covers 225 acres (0.91 km2) of rolling hills and gently sloping meadows.
 Munson Diner is a historic diner located at Liberty in Sullivan County New York. It was manufactured in 1945 by the Kullman Dining Car Company of Lebanon New Jersey. It has a riveted steel frame and exterior of stainless steel and porcelain enamel. It has a long rectangular form 16 feet wide by 50 feet long. The interior has a plan typical of the diners of the 1940s and 1950s.
 Maghsoudbeyk mosque (Persian: مسجد مقصودبیک‎) is near the northeastern corner of Naqsh-e Jahan Square. It was built in 1601 by the order of Maghsoudbeyk who was one of the very rich stewards of Abbas I. There is an inscription in the mihrab of this mosque which is one of artworks of the famous calligrapher of the Safavid era Ali Reza Abbassi.
 Charleston City Hall is a historic city hall located at Charleston West Virginia. It was constructed in 1921 in the Neoclassical style. It is located opposite the Kanawha County Courthouse at the center of downtownCharleston. The major or entrance elevation faces Virginia Street with monumental design features and walls clad in smooth gray limestone.
 The Sacred Heart Church Historic District encompasses the complex of buildings associated with the Sacred Heart Church on Charlton Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The complex which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 is the second Roman Catholic parish (after Notre Dame) built to serve Southbridge's growing Franco-American population.
 One King Street West or 1 King West is a condo hotel in the heart of the financial district in Toronto. Completed in 2006 a tower was added onto the heritage Dominion Bank Building (1914) itself an early 12-storey skyscraper. The Dominion Bank Building was designed by Darling and Pearson in the Beaux-Arts style with Renaissance Revival detailing. The condo tower stands at 51 storeys or 176 metres. Stanford Downey Architect Inc. were the architects involved in the renovation.
 Teller Brothers-Reed Tobacco Historic District is a historic cigar factory and tobacco warehouse complex and national historic district located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It includes five contributing buildings built between about 1865 and 1900. They are the John F. Reed & Co. Cigar Factory (c. 1865) J.R. Bitner Tobacco Warehouse (c. 1880) Lancaster Paint Works (c. 1900) and two warehouses associated with the Teller Brothers built about 1877 and 1885.
 The Coca-Cola Bottling Plant (also known as the Florida Coca-Cola Bottling Company) is an historic building located at 644 South Andrews Avenue at the corner of Southeast 7th Street in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Built in 1938 it was designed by Fort Lauderdale architect Courtney Stewart in the Mission/Spanish Revival style of architecture.
 The Elephant Gate (Danish: Elefantporten) also referred to as the Elephant Tower (Danish: Elefanttårnet) is the most famous landmark of the Carlsberg area the original brewery site of the Carlsberg Breweries which is now under redevelopment as a new neighbourhood in Copenhagen Denmark. It takes its name from four large granite elephants which flank the gate standing back to back carrying a small tower on their backs.
 The Charles A. Hall Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 68 Mason Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1896 it is a well preserved example of a triple decker with Queen Anne styling. It follows a typical side hall plan but has a squared front bay that is unusual for that part of the city. The bay is decorated with bands of cut shingles and has window overhangs between floors.
 100 Washington Square is a 332-ft (101 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis. It was completed in 1981 and has 22 floors. It is the 26th tallest building in the city. The building was designed by architect Minoru Yamasaki the same responsible for the design of the World Trade Center in NYC. As with the Trade Center the exterior of the building is composed of closely spaced load-bearing steel that distributes weight to the core and removes the need for internal support columns.
 Pennsylvania Hall (Penn Hall Old Dorm) is the Gettysburg College central administrative building and the college's oldest building. During the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863 Pennsylvania Hall was used as a hospital for wounded troops of the Union and Confederate Armies. The building is also used for the convocation and commencement traditions of entering and departing the college via building.
 The Savery Hotel now known as the Renaissance Des Moines Savery Hotel is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The hotel is an eleven-story building that rises 140 feet (43 m) above the ground. H.L. Stevens & Co. designed the 233-room hotel in the Colonial Revival style. Opened in 1919 the building was extensively renovated in 1999.
 The William Ruth Mansion House is a historic house in Leipsic Delaware. Originally built for William Ruth a merchant and trustee of the first free school in Delaware the house was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 11 1973.Ruth bought the property in 1807 and started his Mansion House soon thereafter.
 The National Archaeological Museum of Florence (Italian – Museo archeologico nazionale di Firenze) is an archaeological museum in Florence Italy. It is located at 1 piazza Santissima Annunziata in the Palazzo della Crocetta (a palace built in 1620 for princess Maria Maddalena de' Medici daughter of Ferdinand I de Medici by Giulio Parigi).
 The Overseas Railroad (a.k.a. Florida Overseas Railroad and the Overseas Extension) was an extension of the Florida East Coast Railway to Key West located 128 miles (206 kilometres) beyond the end of the Florida peninsula. Work on the line started in 1905 and was completed in 1912; the line was in daily passenger and freight service until its destruction by a hurricane in 1935.
 The Minneapolis St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Depot in Moose Lake Minnesota United States is a depot built in 1907 by the Soo Line Railroad. The building was one of the few buildings that survived the 1918 Cloquet Fire and it was used to provide shelter for those left homeless in the fires.The railroad first built a depot in this location in 1873. The 1918 Cloquet Fire started on October 12 1918 with a background of a hot dry summer followed by a fall with little rain.
 New Kensington Production Works Historic District also known as the New Kensington Works and Arnold Works is a national historic district located at New Kensington Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 35 contributing vernacular industrial buildings built between about 1899 and 1947.
 The Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) Building is a historic building in downtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The John and Sarah Sheffield House also known as Paradise Springs Farm in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1866 as a farm house it was added to the register in 1991. It is one of the oldest remaining homes in its neighborhood.Located on the western slope of Mount Tabor the house is in a residential part of the Sunnyside neighborhood.
 The Church of the Holy Ghost in Crowcombe Somerset England has a tower dating from the 14th century with the rest of the building being dated at the 15th century. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.There was a previous church on the site possible dating from the Saxon era. The north chapel is known as the Carew Chapel and was used by the lords of the manor who lived in the nearby Crowcombe Court.In 1724 the spire was damaged by a lightning strike.
 Saint Leonard Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Madison in the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States. Built in 1913 it has been described as an outstanding example of the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. The church's patron is Saint Leonard of Port Maurice an Italian Franciscan priest who dedicated his life to parish missions.St. Leonard's parish was organized in 1879.
 Bergen County New Jersey had a series of court houses. The current one stands in Hackensack New Jersey.
 Prestige Shantiniketan is a fully integrated mini township developed by Prestige group at Whitefield Bangalore India. It's spread over an area of 105 acres its consists of residential enclave(24 high-rise towers) business centre club house convention centre and shopping mall.
 House at 218 Dearborn Street is a historic home located in the Black Rock neighborhood of Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built about 1880 and is a one-story wood frame shotgun-style workers cottage on a limestone foundation. It is three bays wide and has a low pitched gable roof. It features a hipped roof front porch with decorative spandrels added about 1890. Also on the property is a shed dated to about 1890.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Springbank is a historic home located at Roslyn Harbor in Nassau County New York. It was built about 1835 and expanded and modified in 1880. A two story rear addition was completed in 1959. It exhibits building construction and stylistic details from a number of periods. The first renovation was a conversion of the original simple dwelling to a Swiss cottage style building.
 Sevanavank (Armenian: Սևանավանք; meaning Sevan Monastery) is a monastic complex located on a peninsula at the northwestern shore of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia not far from the town of Sevan. Initially the monastery was built at the southern shore of a small island. After the artificial draining of Lake Sevan which started in the era of Joseph Stalin the water level fell about 20 metres and the island transformed into a peninsula.
 Glen Building is a historic commercial building located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It is a two-story “L” shaped wood frame building with a low-pitched shed roof and Italianate detailing. It was built in 1887 as a combination family home and business. A small detached paint shop is also on the property.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Vincent de Paul Cathedral Parish is an Malankara Catholic cathedral located in Elmont New York United States. It is the seat of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Exarchate in the United States. It is located at St. Vincent de Paul Roman Catholic Church a parish of the Diocese of Rockville Centre.
 1740 Broadway (formerly the MONY Building or Mutual of New York Building) is a 26-story building in Midtown Manhattan in New York City which is owned by Vornado Realty Trust. Located on the east side of Broadway between 55th and 56th Streets it shares a trapezoid-shaped city block with the Park Central Hotel.
 Temple Israel is possibly the oldest synagogue west of the Mississippi River it was erected at 201 West 4th Street in Leadville Colorado during the summer of 1884 in less than two months. The Temple Israel building is a rare example of a frontier synagogue. The small 25 ft × 72 ft (7.6 m × 21.9 m) Carpenter Gothic structure was designed by George E. King and constructed by Robert Murdock for $4000 on land donated by the silver baron Horace A. W. Tabor.
 James Rogers House in Belleview Kentucky is a Queen Anne style house built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Central State Hospital formally referred to as the Central Indiana Hospital for the Insane was a psychiatric treatment hospital in Indiana.
 Fort Miles was an American military installation located on Cape Henlopen near Lewes Delaware. Although funds to build the fort were approved in 1934 it was 1941 before the fort was constructed. It was built to defend Delaware Bay and River and to protect domestic shipping from enemy fire within the capes particularly from the German surface fleet. The fort was completed days before the attack on Pearl Harbor Battery 118 (Smith) being declared operational on December 4 1941.
 Vestal's Gap Road and Lanesville Historic District is a national historic district located in Claude Moore Park at Sterling Loudoun County Virginia. It encompasses 1 contributing building and 1 contributing structure. They are Lanesville a two-story side-gabled frame house on a solid stone-rubble foundation built about 1807 and a section of the former Vestal's Gap Road an 18th-century road.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Swedish Lutheran Parsonage is a historic church parsonage at 230 Kane Street Wilcox in Jones Township Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901 in the Queen Anne style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The U.S. Post Office-Helper Main at 45 S. Main in Helper Utah was built in 1938. It has also been known as Helper Main Post Office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The post office is located in the Helper Commercial District.It includes a mural by artist Jenne Magafan.
 The Ocean Forest Hotel was one of the first major hotels in Myrtle Beach South Carolina U.S.A. The Ocean Forest Hotel and the adjoining Ocean Forest Country Club and Golf Course were the vision of John T. Woodside a textile magnate from Greenville South Carolina. Woodside's company purchased 65000 acres (260000000 m2) from the Myrtle Beach Farms Company which included the land for the hotel along the oceanfront.
 The Italian Air Force Museum is an aircraft museum at Vigna di Valle on Lake Bracciano (Lazio) in central Italy. It is operated by the Aeronautica Militare. The museum houses an excellent collection as listed below with an emphasis on Italian machines and seaplanes. While maintaining the technical and historical museum is dedicated to the influence it has had the Italian aviation art featuring works by Futurist painters Pietro Annigoni Giacomo Balla Tato; and contemporary art.
 Bancroft Mills is an abandoned mill complex along Brandywine Creek in Wilmington Delaware United States. It has been the site of some of the earliest and most famous mills near Wilmington and was the largest and longest running complex along the Brandywine.Gilpin Mills was opened on the site in 1787 and was the first paper mill in Delaware. Bancroft Mills was opened in 1831 by Joseph Bancroft (1803 – 1874) an English immigrant who had worked in the Midlands textile industry.
 Womelsdorf Historic District is a national historic district located in Womelsdorf Berks County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses 237 contributing buildings in the borough of Womelsdorf. It includes residential and commercial buildings in a variety of architectural styles including Queen Anne Italianate and Georgian. Notable non-residential buildings include Stouch's Tavern (c. 1785) William Penn Hotel (1866) Conrad Weiser Inn (1897) and Brooklyn Hotel (c.
 Glidden State Bank was a bank in Glidden Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Nashville Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway Office and Freight House simply known as the Paducah Freight House is a historic railroad freight depot located in the southern portion of downtown Paducah Kentucky.In 1852 the first charter to build a railroad for Paducah was establish.
 HM Prison Stoke Heath is a male adult male Cat C prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the village of Stoke Heath (near Market Drayton) in Shropshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Sheridan County Courthouse located at the intersection of Burkett and Main Streets in Sheridan is the seat of government of Sheridan County Wyoming. Built from 1904 to 1905 the courthouse was the first built in the county. The firm of Link & McAllister designed the courthouse; their design features elements of the Classical Revival and Beaux-Arts styles. The courthouse is topped by an octagonal dome with oval and rectangular windows and a balustrade.
 North Hollywood Branch also known as Amelia Earhart Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the North Hollywood section of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1930 based on a Mediterranean Revival design by architects Weston & Weston.In 1987 the North Hollywood Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission.
 The American Museum of Natural History (abbreviated as AMNH) located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City is one of the largest and most celebrated museums in the world. Located in park-like grounds across the street from Central Park the museum complex contains 27 interconnected buildings housing 45 permanent exhibition halls in addition to a planetarium and a library.
 Mariënhof was a restaurant located in Amersfoort in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1996-2001.Head chef of Mariënhof was Jon Sistermans.The restaurant ended due to the transfer of ownership of the former monastery from insurance company Amersfoortse Verzekeringen to the Van den Tweel Horeca Groep. The new owners changed course and wanted the restaurant to leave the fine dining and move into a lower class.
 The Charles Krug House at 103 N. Douglas St. in Glendive Montana was built in 1907. Also known simply as the Krug House it was a work of Herbert C. Chivers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.St. Louis architect Herbert G. Chivers designed the house as a mansion built of Hebron brick befitting the success of Charles Krug.
 H. C. Cohn Company Building-Andrews Building is a historic industrial and commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a five story masonry structure built in 1889 for the H. C. Cohn Company a manufacturer of men's neckwear and silk ties. It housed the successor of H.C. Cohn Company Superba Cravats until 1983. The Andrews Street facade is detailed with Medina sandstone and corbelled brick in Romanesque Revival style.
 The Rainier Brewing Company Bottling Plant at 310 Spokane St. in Reno Nevada was built in 1905. Also known as Ice House Antiques it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was deemed important as a vestige of the once-significant brewing industry in Reno.
 The Wells Fargo Buildingformerly known as the Wells Fargo Bank Center is a commercial and financial skyscraper in Augusta Georgia in the United States. After its completion the building was the tallest building in Augusta from 1967 to 1976 when the Lamar Building surpassed it due to the completion of the penthouse. Today it is the third tallest building in the city. The building's exterior surface is made completely in aluminum steel glass.
 The parish church of St John the Baptist Egglescliffe is an Anglican church in the village of Egglescliffe Stockton-on-Tees. It is a perpendicular church built in the Norman style. There has been a church on the site for at least 900 years however the original date of construction is unknown. It is claimed that there is an underground tunnel from the church to the Friarage in the grounds Yarm School.
 The Rehabilitation Trauma Center at the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center was founded in 1972 and is part of the only federally designated spinal cord injury center in Northern California. The Center is one of the oldest spinal cord injury neurointensive care units in the United States and participated in the original National Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research Database collecting retrospective data to 1973.
 Reservoir Park is a historic park on Boylston Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was laid in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Farmar Mill (also known as Mathers Mill) is a historic mill building. The mill was powered by the Wissahickon Creek and is located on Mather's Lane near Skippack Pike (Pennsylvania Route 73) and just west of the historic Bethlehem Pike in the village of Whitemarsh (near Fort Washington) Pennsylvania in the United States.The water-powered gristmill was built around the year 1690 by Edward Farmar.
 Cedar Crest (Gladwyne Pennsylvania) – originally known as Dolobran II and recently as Linden Hill – is a French-Norman-style mansion and estate at 1543 Monk Road in Gladwyne Pennsylvania. Located on a hill overlooking the Schuylkill River it was designed by architect Edmund B. Gilchrist 1928–31. Best known as the former residence of Campbell's Soup-heir John T. Dorrance Jr. it is a contributing property in the Mill Creek Historic District.
 Andrew Berg (born Anders Berg on October 16 1869 in Grand Duchy of Finland Russian Empire; died March 1 1939 in Anchorage Alaska Territory ) was an immigrant to the District of Alaska who was a prominent fisher hunter and trapper. He became the first licensed big game guide in Alaska.
 Moses Nadenbousch House also known as Red Hill and Woodside Farm is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1885 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five bay I-house wood frame dwelling with Italianate-style details. It is set on a limestone foundation and has an intersecting gable roof. Also on the property is a shed large bank barn (1903) and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Christ Church is an Anglican church in the town and seaside resort of St Leonards-on-Sea part of the Borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. Opened as the town's third Anglican church in 1860 to serve a rapidly developing residential area and to accommodate poor worshippers who could not afford pew rents at the fashionable St Leonard's and St Mary Magdalene's Churches the original building was superseded by a much larger church built next to it between 1873 and 1875.
 The K.W. Neatby Building is located at the Central Experimental Farm in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The building contains the Eastern Cereal and Oilseed Research Centre (ECORC) a research centre belonging to the Research Branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada. The building is a Recognized Heritage Building of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada.
 Saint Jude's Episcopal Church is a historic church on Maine State Route 3 in Seal Harbor Maine.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Wells Fargo Center formerly the Wachovia Center is a 311-foot (95 m) high rise in Tampa Florida anchored by Wells Fargo & Company Phelps Dunbar and UBS. It was completed in 1985 and has 22 floors. Under new ownership in 2013 the building is undergoing a renovation of the fitness center parking garage and common areas including the restrooms and corridors. The building received Gold LEED certification in 2010. It was originally known as First Union Plaza until the bank merger in 1993.
 Tring Local History Museum is based in Tring Hertfordshire England. The museum which is run by volunteers first opened in 2010 and is housed in the office of the former livestock market. The museum's collection comprises artefacts paintings and photographs relating to the history of the town and surrounding villages.
 The Gold Coast Twin Towers (also called E1 and E2 (Evo 1 and Evo 2) is a proposed building project located in Surfers Paradise the tourism hub in Gold Coast Australia with proposed heights of 320m and 340m (70 and 101 floors). E1 will be a residential tower though E2 will probably contain office space.E1 (the taller tower) would feature a roof-top garden revolving garden restaurant and four sky gardens as well as a skybridge connecting the two towers similar to the Petronas Towers.
 Old Main originally called Main Building is The Pennsylvania State University’s first building of major significance. It was completed in 1863 after a six-year period of construction. Hugh McAllister designed the structure to contain classrooms laboratories offices a chapel and residential space for 400 students.
 The Richard Nixon Birthplace is where Richard Nixon was born and lived from 1913 to 1922. It is located at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in Yorba Linda Orange County California.The California Bungalow style residence was built by his father Francis A. Nixon on the family ranch in Yorba Linda.
 The Woodbourne Historic District is a historic residential subdivision located in the Forest Hills section of Jamaica Plain a neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.It consists of a 30-acre (12 ha) parcel of land southwest of Forest Hills Cemetery roughly bounded by Walk Hill Street Goodway Road and Wachusett Street. This area was developed into house lots between 1890 and 1933 by financier Robert Winsor in an effort to create a sort of utopian community for middle-class families.
 The Sousse Archaeological Museum is a Tunisian archaeological museum located in Sousse.
 Springhill is a 17th-century plantation house in the townland of Ballindrum near Moneymore County Londonderry in Northern Ireland. It has been the property of the National Trust since 1957 and in addition to the house gardens and park there is a costume collection and a purported ghost.It is open from March to June and September on weekends and is open to the public seven days a week during July and August.
 The Woodlawn School in Mebane North Carolina was built in 1911. It was designed by architects Barrett & Thomson. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The listing included one contributing building and two contributing structures on 4.4 acres (1.8 ha).
 The David Dworman Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 159 Providence Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1926 by David Dworman a major developer of the Vernon Hill area for the family's use. It is a remarkably well-built and preserved example of Craftsman styling with extended eaves showing rafters and recessed porches supported by squat square columns.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Bowling Museum of Asturias ((Spanish) Museo de los Bolos de Asturias) is located in the Panes parish of Peñamellera Baja Asturias Spain. It is dedicated to the sport of bowling in its varied forms. Opened 19 April 2003 the museum was pioneered by the municipality of Peñamellera Baja the Principality of Asturias and an eastern Asturian consortium.The interactive museum aims to provide information about the sport its history and its significance within the culture of Asturias.
 Salem Union Church and Cemetery (Salem Lutheran Church;Salem United Church of Christ) is a historic church in Maiden North Carolina.It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register in 1995.
 MedStar Montgomery Medical Center is a large hospital in Olney Maryland. The hospital is a member of MedStar Health.
 The Bowers-Felts House on Lotus Lane in Lufkin Texas was designed by architect Shirley Simons and was built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Rockland is a historic home located on Falls Road in Brooklandville Baltimore County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Greek Revival-influenced house consisting of a three-bay-wide main block constructed in 1837 with two telescoping additions a two-bay-wide stage completed in 1852 and a three-bay-wide section built after 1890. The brick structure has been stuccoed and scored to resemble ashlar masonry.
 Hargeisa Canadian Medical Center (HCMC) is a medical and research center located in Hargeisa Somaliland. It was founded in 1999 and is one of the pre-eminent medical facilities in the country. It consists of a walk-in clinic a diagnostic center a medical laboratory and a pharmacy.
 The House at 113-115 Center Street built in 1880 it is a historic building in Methuen Massachusetts.Center Street was one of the first streets to experience residential development due to the expansion of the Arlington textile Mills. It lies in what is now the Arlington Mills Historic District the area immediately to the west along Stevens Pond of the Spicket River.
 The Elisha Hopkins House is a historic house at 237 School Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1868 by Elisha Hopkins a ship's master. It has a typical period Italianate plan with three bays across and small center gable.
 The Atlantic Wall Open Air Museum (Dutch: Openluchtmuseum Atlantikwall) is a military museum near Oostende in Belgium which preserves fortifications of the Atlantic Wall dating to the First and Second World Wars. The section of fortifications owned by the museum - over 60 bunkers and two miles of trenches - is among the best preserved sections of the defensive line in Europe.
 Eric Williams Plaza also known as the Eric Williams Financial Complex located on Independence Square Port of Spain is the tallest building in Trinidad and Tobago as well as in the English-speaking Caribbean. It consists of a pair of skyscrapers 22 stories high and 302 ft (92 m) tall locally known as the Twin Towers. Construction on the complex started in 1979 and ended in 1986. The complex was officially opened on March 29 1986. The architect who managed the construction was Anthony C.
 The PPL Building formerly the Pennsylvania Power and Light Building is a 24-story 98 m (322 ft) skyscraper in Allentown Pennsylvania. It is the tallest building in the city and the second tallest in the Lehigh Valley after Bethlehem's Martin Tower. The building serves as the headquarters for the electric utility PPL.The PPL Building is often uniquely illuminated at night especially during the Christmas season.
 Saint Luke's Hospital Angal commonly known as Angal Hospital  is a private community hospital in Angal Village Nebbi District West Nile sub-region Northern Uganda.
 The Astoria Column is a tower overlooking the mouth of the Columbia River on Coxcomb Hill in the city of Astoria in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1926 the concrete and steel structure is part of a 30-acre (12-hectare) city park. The 125-foot (38 m)-tall column has a 164-step spiral staircase ascending to an observation deck at the top and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 2 1974.
 Wythe House was the Williamsburg Virginia home of George Wythe signer of the Declaration of Independence and father of American jurisprudence. It is located in what is now Colonial Williamsburg on Palace Green adjacent to Bruton Parish Church. The property was declared a National Historic Landmark on April 15 1970.
 The John Messer Barn is a historic structure within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Sevier County Tennessee United States. Located along the Porters Creek Trail in the Greenbrier valley it was constructed in 1875 by Pinkney Whaley. The Whaleys later sold their farm to John H. Messer who was married to Pinkney's cousin Lucy.
 The Church of St Andrew in Cheddar Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church was restored in 1873 by William Butterfield. It contains some 15th-century stained glass and an altar table of 1631.
 Barratt's Chapel is a chapel in Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1780 on land donated by Philip Barratt a prominent political figure in the area. Barratt who had recently become a Methodist wanted to build a center for the growing Methodist movement in Delaware. He also owned nearby Barratt Hall.
 The Westerville High School - Vine Street School is a historic school built in Westerville Ohio. It was built in 1896 by the Columbus architecture firm of Yost and Packard and is an example of Romanesque Revival architecture. The building was opened to the public on during a grand ceremony on March 19 1896. Today the school is referred to as the Emerson Magnet school which specializes in teaching children foreign languages and cultures.
 The James Hall Office a part of Sunshine School now Castle Island Montessori School is located in Lincoln Park in the city of Albany New York United States. It is a small brick Italianate building now annexed to a more modern school building. In 1976 it was designated a National Historic Landmark.It is one of the few buildings remaining from a brief period of collaboration between Andrew Jackson Downing and Calvert Vaux.
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church and Rectory is a church listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Northwest Portland Oregon USA.
 The Bank of America Building also known as 10 Light Street and formerly as the Baltimore Trust Company Building is a 34 story 155.15 m (509.0 ft) skyscraper located at the corner of East Baltimore and Light Streets in downtown Baltimore Maryland.
 Kåfjord Church (Norwegian: Kåfjord kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Kåfjord. The church is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1837 and it was consecrated by the Bishop Peder Kjerschow. It is the oldest surviving church in Alta municipality. The church seats about 300 people.
 The Mooresburg School is a one story building in Mooresburg Pennsylvania USA that was constructed in 1875 and rebuilt in 1891. It is a brick vernacular building measuring thirty-five feet by twenty-eight feet on a fieldstone foundation and is located on the south side of Route 642-45 one half mile east of Mooresburg. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Searles Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery near the junction of Searles Hill Road and Old Queen Lake Road in Phillipston Massachusetts. Established in 1777 on land donated by an early settler for the purpose in 1759 it is the town's oldest cemetery. The 3.3-acre (1.3 ha) cemetery lies on the east side of Searles Hill Road and is lined by stone walls. The wall facing the road is of cut granite about 4 feet (1.2 m) high and is set off from the road by a row of mature maple trees.
 The Fort Meade radar station was a Cold War military site with several sets of radar equipment in various Army and USAF radar networks. The site operated c. 1950 until 1979 and had a Project Nike command post and radar network.
 Iandra Castle is a large homestead near the town of Greenethorpe New South Wales Australia. It has a state heritage listing.
 Whitsett Historic District is a national historic district located at Perry Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes 48 contributing buildings and 5 contributing structures in the bituminous coal mining community of Whitsett. Most of the contributing buildings were built between 1890 and 1917 and 31 of the contributing buildings are two-story frame duplex workers housing. The oldest building is the Whitsett farmhouse built about 1845.
 St Margaret's Church Abbotsley is a partly redundant Anglican church in the village of Abbotsley Cambridgeshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in the centre of the village to the south of the B1046 road.
 Medfield State Hospital is a historic mental hospital at 45 Hospital Road in Medfield Massachusetts.The hospital was built in 1892 and opened in 1899 as Medfield Insane Asylum. At its height it included 58 buildings on a property of some 1.4 sq mi (3.6 km2) and a capacity of 2200 patients. It raised its own livestock and produce and generated its own heat light and power.
 The El Dorado Carnegie Library is a former public library constructed in 1912 in El Dorado Kansas. It was designed by architect John F. Stanton. In 1959 a new library was built in El Dorado; the original was eventually purchased privately and in the 1980s it was renovated and converted into private offices. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Trinity Episcopal Church (also known as Trinity Nazarene Church) is a historic church building at 106 Joy Street in Caro Michigan in Tuscola County in the Thumb region.The Gothic Revival frame church was built in 1880 to house a congregation organized in 1871. After the Episcopal congregation dwindled the building was sold in 1934 to the Church of the Nazarene which occupied the church until 1974.
 Bretton Hall is a country house in West Bretton near Wakefield West Yorkshire England. It housed Bretton Hall College from 1949 until 2001 and was a campus of the University of Leeds (2001–2007). It is a Grade II* listed building.
 Davao Doctors Hospital is a privately owned level 4 tertiary facility and multi-specialty hospital located in Davao City Philippines. It was founded in 1969 and is the largest and most modern hospital in Southern Philippines. It has 250 beds and a 10-storey Medical Tower Building that houses more than 130 active members of medical staff in varied specialties and sub-specialties.
 Stone Manse is a historic manse located near Caldwell Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1796 and is a 2 1/2 story gable roofed Federal style dwelling. It was built using brown red and gray stones from the nearby Greenbrier River. A wood frame addition was completed in 1833.
 The House at 170 Otis Street in Newton Massachusetts is a rare local work of the nationally known Boston architect Hammatt Billings. The two story Second Empire house was built in 1870-71 for Charles Ellis and Emma Claflin Ellis the daughter of William Claflin then Governor of Massachusetts whose own home (no longer extant) was in Newtonville.
 The Hyde Park Art Center (HPAC) is a visual arts organization and the oldest alternative exhibition space in the city of Chicago. Since 2006 HPAC has been located just north of Hyde Park Boulevard at 5020 S.Cornell Avenue in the Kenwood neighborhood of Chicago Illinois.
 Grace Episcopal Church built in 1867 is an historic Episcopal church located at 1041 Wisconsin Avenue NW in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C.. Historically known as Grace Protestant Episcopal Church it was added under that name to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1971. It is also known as Mission Church for Canal Boatmen.Grace Church is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Washington. The Rev. John Graham is the current rector.
 The Dunbar Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district on S Paul Laurence Dunbar Street in Dayton Ohio. The district is famous for being the home of Paul Laurence Dunbar.On June 30 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic PlacesA larger area known as Wright-Dunbar (or Mound-Horace) is bounded roughly by US 35 Broadway Street West Third Street and the Great Miami River.
 Amaryllis was a restaurant located in the One Devonshire Gardens hotel in Glasgow Scotland. It was opened by chef Gordon Ramsay with David Dempsey operating the restaurant on a daily basis for the celebrity chef. It was awarded a Michelin star in 2002 which it held until the restaurant's closure in 2004.
 The U.S. Post Office in Phoenix Arizona also known as Federal Building-U.S. Post Office is a building of the United States federal government that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It currently is part of Arizona State University at the Downtown Phoenix campus.
 The Odeon of Herodes Atticus is a stone theatre structure located on the southwest slope of the Acropolis of Athens.
 Hallowell Historic District also called The Hillside of Hallowell is a National Register of Historic Places district in Hallowell Kennebec County Maine. It encompasses 260 acres and includes 446 buildings as contributing properties. Among these are:Artemus Leonard House (c. 1811).Capt. Samuel Watts House (1820).Old Fire Station (c. 1830).Hallowell Cotton Mill (1844).Gage Row House (1846) housing for textile workers.Capt. Henry Cooper House (1850).St.
 The Pentagon Shopping Centre (known locally as 'The Pentagon') is a shopping centre in Chatham in Kent. The shopping centre is located next to the Waterfront bus station which replaces the Pentagon bus station which 80% of services use. The shopping centre contains over 70 shops many high street names in fashion homeware and food stores. There are also cafes restaurants and a bowling alley.
 The Church of Santa María de Sariegomuerto (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María de Sariegomuerto) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Highlands Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by June Cherry and Weetamoe Streets Lincoln Highland President North Main and Hood Avenues in Fall River Massachusetts. The district lies just north of the Lower Highlands Historic District (Ref #84002171).The Highlands Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It encompasses over 1400 acres (5.7 km2) and contains over 300 structures.
 The University Hall (1770) at Brown University is the first and oldest building on campus located in Providence Rhode Island.
 Benjamin Clark House is located in Wenonah Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1769 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25 1973.
 The Moana Hotel also known as the First Lady of Waikīkī is a famous historic hotel on the island of Oʻahu located at 2365 Kalākaua Avenue in Honolulu Hawaiʻi. It is today one of three buildings that make up the Moana Surfrider A Westin Resort & Spa. Built in the late 19th century as the first hotel in Waikiki the Moana opened its doors to guests in 1901 becoming the first large hotel in Waikīkī.
 Hull House was a settlement house in the United States that was co-founded in 1889 by Jane Addams and Ellen Gates Starr. Located in the Near West Side of Chicago Illinois Hull House (named for the home's first owner) opened its doors to recently arrived European immigrants. By 1911 Hull House had grown to 13 buildings. In 1912 the Hull House complex was completed with the addition of a summer camp the Bowen Country Club.
 The Cormorant Fishing House (鵜飼資料園 Ukai Shiryō-en) is a museum dedicated to Cormorant Fishing on the Nagara River and located in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. In addition to viewing artifacts from the history of cormorant fishing visitors can also view the cormorants actually used in the process. The museum is run by the cormorant fishing masters who are Imperial Agents of the Royal Household Agency.
 The Arista Hodge House (also known as Kalorama Castle) in Staunton Virginia is a private residence first built in 1882 with a massive and historically significant facade added in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982. It is located in the Gospel Hill Historic District.
 The Francis Dewey House is a historic house at 71 Elm Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house that is clad in stucco; it was built in 1912 to a design (one of three different ones) by the noted Boston firm of Little & Brown. It is stylistically eclectic with the Flemish gables providing the dominant element. The house was built for Francis Dewey a judge and railroad company executive.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Raleigh Hotel was an historic high-rise office and then hotel building located in Washington D.C. United States on 12th Street N.W. and Pennsylvania Avenue in the downtown neighborhood.
 Estación Pichilemu also known as the Estación de Ferrocarriles de Pichilemu (Spanish: Railway station of Pichilemu) was a railway station in Pichilemu Chile. It is a wood construction dated circa 1925 located in front of the Petrel Lake near Daniel Ortúzar Avenue (34°23′08.42″S 72°00′09.30″W). It remained in operation until the 1990s and became a National Monument on September 16 1994. It has since become an arts and culture center and tourism information office.
 The Christopher Erb House is a stone house finished in 1799. It stands in Silver Run under a Westminster MD zip code (21158). It is on a 38-acre (15 ha) property split in two and borders on Big Pipe Creek. The house has experienced two small fires multiple hits from Black Locust trees in Hurricane Isabel and detrimental building practices inside and outside the stone walls.
 Martin's Church (Finnish: Martinkirkko Swedish: Martinskyrkan) in Turku Finland is the main church of Martin's parish founded in 1921. The church was consecrated on the 450th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther on November 12 1933. he designers of the church were the architects Totti Sora and Gunnar Wahlroos. The church represents architectural functionalism. Martin's church is a long church with three aisles with very narrow side aisles.
 The Continental NYC originally known as Tower 111 is a 53-story 338-unit luxury rental skyscraper designed by architect Costas Kondylis in the New York City borough of Manhattan at 885 Sixth Avenue and 32nd Street in Midtown Manhattan.
 Back Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Mount Ulla North Carolina currently affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA).The congregation was founded in 1805. The first pastor was Rev Kilpatrick. Four year later the congregation built a little log house of worship. Tis was replaced by the congregations present Greek Revival sanctuary built in 1857.
 Stockland Glendale is a major shopping centre located in Glendale a suburb of the City of Lake Macquarie New South Wales Australia.It is located on Lake Road Glendale on a 19.6-hectare (48.4-acre) parcel of land and primarily serves the Lake Macquarie region to the southwest of Newcastle.
 John E. Weidenboerner House is a historic home located at St. Mary's in Elk County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1881 in the Italianate style. It is located within the St. Marys Historic District.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Saint Boniface Cathedral is a Roman Catholic basilica and the cathedral of Saint Boniface Winnipeg Manitoba Canada.It is an important building in Winnipeg and is the principal church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Boniface serving the eastern part of Manitoba province as well as the local Franco-Manitoban community. The basilica sits in the centre of the city at 190 avenue de la Cathédrale Saint Boniface.
 Nestlé Toll House Café is a franchise in the United States and Canada founded by Ziad Dalal and his partner Doyle Liesenfelt. The two started Crest Foods Inc D/B/A Nestlé Toll House Café by Chip in 2001 in Dallas Texas. Crest Foods the master franchisor for Nestlé is in charge of developing cookie store franchises across the United States as part of Nestlé USA's challenge to the longtime industry leader Mrs. Fields Famous Cookies Inc.
 The Kunstkring Art Gallery (Indonesian: Galeri Seni Kunstkring) is a heritage building located in Central Jakarta. Built in 1914 following the design of Dutch architect P.A.J. Moojen it originally housed the local art circle. After several changes of use in 2011 the building has been restored with the upper floor used as an art gallery while the ground floor has been converted into a restaurant.
 St. Paul's Church is an evangelical Anglican church in downtown Halifax Nova Scotia within the Diocese of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island of the Anglican Church of Canada. It is located at the south end of the Grand Parade an open square in downtown Halifax with Halifax City Hall at the northern end. Built during Father Le Loutre's War it is the oldest surviving Protestant church in Canada and the oldest building in Halifax. There is also a crypt below the church and the St.
 The Augusta Theater is a movie theater located in the city of Augusta Kansas United States. Designed by architect L. P. Larson the walls are decorated with large murals depicting classical scenes. It is significant however in that it was the first theater to use neon lighting exclusively. Considered to be a landmark of the Art Deco era it is now home to the Augusta Arts Council.The theater is currently being restored. So far the neon lights on the front of the building have been restored.
 Monfort Cemetery is located 250 feet (76 m) east of the intersection of Port Washington Boulevard (NY 101) and Main Street in Port Washington New York United States. It contains 118 graves of some of the earliest Dutch settlers of Cow Neck (as today's Port Washington was then known) and their descendants buried from 1737 to 1892. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The cemetery is a small nearly square plot surrounded by tall oak trees.
 The Harold Lloyd Estate also known as Greenacres is a large mansion and landscaped estate located in the Benedict Canyon section of Beverly Hills California. Built in the late 1920s by silent film star Harold Lloyd it remained Lloyd's home until his death in 1971. The estate originally consisted of a 44-room mansion golf course outbuildings and 900-foot (270 m) canoe run on 15 acres (61000 m2).
 Venice of America House is a Late Victorian house built in 1906 in present day Venice in Los Angeles California. The Venice of America House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Andrew Melville Hall is a student hall of residence of the University of St Andrews located in St Andrews Scotland. It was built in 1967 in the brutalist style and it accommodates approximately 250 students.
 Lincoln Hotel in Franklin Nebraska is a hotel that was built in 1918. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Southern Bell Telephone Company Building now known as the AT&T Communications Building is the main telephone exchange for downtown Atlanta. It is located at 51 Peachtree Center Avenue on the northeast corner of Auburn Avenue. It was designed for Southern Bell by Marye Alger and Vinour in an austere art deco style. Originally planned to be 25 stories in height which would have made it the tallest building in Atlanta it was completed in 1929 at six stories.
 The Zal Mahmud Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Zal Mahmut Paşa Camii) is an old Ottoman mosque located near the Eyüp Sultan Mosque in the Eyüp district of Istanbul Turkey.
 Otkhta (Georgian: ოთხთა Turkish: Dörtkilise)10th century Georgian monastery which was built in 961-965 by Davit Kurapalat and renewed in 978-1001. Georgian monastery and cathedral church located in Dörtkilise the town of Yusufeli Artvin Province Turkey. Otkhta is a one of the large Cathedral in Tao-Klarjeti with Oshki Ishkhani and khakhuli and one version that why called it Otkhta which mean in English from fourth.
 The Allan Memorial Institute (AMI; also known colloquially as The Allan) is located on the slope of Mount Royal by McGill University's campus in what was then the Golden Square Mile in Montreal Quebec. It is named in memory of Sir Hugh Allan whose former mansion Ravenscrag it occupies.The Institute houses the Psychiatry Department of the Royal Victoria Hospital part of the McGill University Health Centre.
 Arthur Tavern is a historic inn and tavern building located at Arthur in Oswego County New York. It consists of a 2-story main block three bays wide and four bays deep with a 1 1⁄2-story wing. It is constructed of grey sandstone and built around 1838.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1991.
 The 11-story Cobb Building was the third structure in Seattle's Metropolitan Tract and the only surviving building in the 10-acre tract. The Howells & Stokes architectural firm designed the building and sent Albert H. Albertson to supervise its 1909-1910 construction. Sculpted Native American ornaments at the 9th and 10th floor cornice are attributed to Victor G. Schneider.
 Jahanpanah (Persian: جهان‌پناه‎) was the fourth medieval city of Delhi established in 1326–1327 by Muhammad bin Tughlaq (1321–51) of the Delhi Sultanate. To address the constant threat of the Mongols Tughlaq built the fortified city of Jahanpanah (meaning in Persian: “Refuge of the World”) subsuming the Adilabad fort that had been built in the 14th century and also all the establishments lying between Qila Rai Pithora and Siri Fort. Neither the city nor the fort has survived.
 Haring-Corning House is located in Rockleigh Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1741 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 8 1985.
 The National Museum in Kraków (Polish: Muzeum Narodowe w Krakowie) established in 1879 is the main branch of Poland's National Museum which has several independent branches with permanent collections around the country. The Museum consists of 21 departments which are divided by art period; 11 galleries 2 libraries and 12 conservation workshops. It holds some 780000 art objects spanning from classical archeology to modern art with special focus on Polish painting.
 Fort Pemberton was one of the larger confederate forts was constructed in the defense of Charleston South Carolina during the American Civil War. When Charleston was overwhelmed by Union forces in 1861 it became evident that control of the western regions of James Island and the Stono River was to be an important element in the defense of the city.
 The Carlton County Courthouse in Carlton Minnesota United States is the county seat of Carlton County Minnesota. The county seat was originally located in Cloquet with a jail located at the town of Northern Pacific Junction. In 1890 residents of Northern Pacific Junction raised funds to build a courthouse which was a two-story brick building with a high-pitched gable roof. The current building took about two years to build being completed in 1924.
 Lainston House is a 17th-century country house hotel in Winchester Hampshire in the south of England.
 Bryn Amlwg Castle (Welsh: Castell Bryn Amlwg) is in Shropshire near the Welsh border and the hamlet of Anchor which lies between Newtown and Clun.This was an enclosure castle of the 12th and 13th centuries and had towers and a gatehouse. Only earthworks now remain.
 Winsor Building is located in Asbury Park Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 13 1979.
 The Brooklin IOOF Hall is an Odd Fellows building built in 1896 in Brooklin Maine. It is in Second Empire style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Two Double Seven (officially known as Westfield 277 Newmarket) is a medium sized shopping centre with upmarket shops located at 277 Broadway in the Newmarket suburb of Auckland New Zealand. It features a Countdown a nearby Farmers and about 60 speciality stores. In 2005 it had retail sales of NZ$120 million.
 Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house near OH 150 in Mount Pleasant Ohio.It was built in 1814 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Advance Thresher/Emerson-Newton Implement Company buildings in Minneapolis Minnesota are a pair of buildings designed by Kees and Colburn. The two buildings are united under a common cornice and appear to be a single structure. However the two buildings were actually built four years apart. The Advance Thresher Company building was built in 1900 and has six floors. The adjacent Emerson-Newton Plow Company building was built in 1904 and has seven floors.
 The Cologne Central Mosque (German: DITIB-Zentralmoschee Köln Turkish: Merkez-Camii) is a building currently under construction and commissioned by German Muslims of the Organization DITIB for a large representative Zentralmoschee (central mosque) in Cologne Germany. After some controversy the project won the approval of Cologne's city council.The mosque is designed in Ottoman architectural style with glass walls two minarets and a dome.
 The Château de Greifenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Saverne in the Bas-Rhin département of France. Property of the state it has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Saints Constantine and Helen Serbian Orthodox Church (Serbian: Цара Константина и Јелене Српске православне цркве) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in Galveston Texas USA. It is a parish of the Serbian Orthodox Diocese of New Gracanica - Midwestern America.
 Kingston Camera was a priory in Dorset England.
 St. Mark's Church in Grenoside South Yorkshire England is an Anglican church in the parish of Ecclesfield built in 1884.There is no present incumbent following the retirement of the Rev. Martin Kilner who served as Vicar from January 2009 - October 2012.One former incumbent is Rev Mark Carey son of the former Archbishop of Canterbury George Carey
 Letterkenny Retail Park and Riverside Retail Park are retail parks on the Paddy Harte/Link Road in central Letterkenny County Donegal. The largest retail parks in the county they have come out as the best nationwide in terms of rent versus footfall.Phase two of the retail park was developed by Patrick J. Doherty.
 The Tenney Castle Gatehouse is a historic gatehouse at 37 Pleasant Street in Methuen Massachusetts United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20 1984. It is the only surviving element of the large estate of Charles H. Tenney a leading local industrialist.
 The Château d'Aurignac is a ruined 13th century castle in the commune of Aurignac in the Haute-Garonne département of France.The castle was built on a hill before 1240 by Bernard V Counts of Comminges and the village developed around it. Henry IV ordered the destruction of the castle in the early 17th century and although it was still partly inhabited in 1627 it fell into disuse not long afterwards.
 Ruine Offenburg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Monmouth Gasworks was the facility for making town gas in Monmouth Wales. The gasworks had its coal delivered by the Coleford Monmouth Usk and Pontypool Railway and was frequented by Charles Rolls to fill up his balloon.
 The Old Gray County Courthouse is a brick building at 117 South Main Street Cimarron Kansas. It was built as a department store in 1880 and leased to Gray County for use as a courthouse in January 1888.
 Whitehill-Gleason Motors at 5815 Baum Boulevard in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in the 1920s on the site of the first Drive-In Filling Station (1913).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 22 1999 and was granted a Pennsylvania Historical Marker on July 11 2000.
 The Museum of Farnese Garments is on the third and fourth floor of Palazzo Farnese in Gradoli Viterbo Italy. It was inaugurated in December 1998.The Museum is divided into different rooms where there are large reproductions of clothes of both the nobility and commoners including underwear accessories weapons armors and jewelry of the Renaissance.The clothes have been recreated by observation of frescoes painting and prints of the 15th 16th and 17th centuries.
 The Capt. Charles Schreiner Mansion is located in Kerrville in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kerr County Texas in 1975. It was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1962. The mansion is currently the home of the Hill Country Museum. In 1984 Mrs. E.C.
 St Elizabeth's Church Ashley is on Ashley Road in the village of Ashley Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowdon the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Hale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Jacob W. Van Winkle House is located in Lyndhurst Bergen County New Jersey United States. The homestead was built in 1797 and is the current home of the Masonic Club of Lyndhurst. The homestead was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Woodbridge Center is a two-level major shopping mall located in Woodbridge Township New Jersey at the intersection of U.S. Route 1 and U.S. Route 9. The land that Woodbridge Center now stands on used to be the location of the old clay pits in Woodbridge. The mall owned and managed by General Growth Properties features Boscov's J. C.
 The West Ward School is a historic school at 39 Prospect Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. It is the only surviving Greek Revival schoolhouse (of four built) in the town. The two story wood frame building was built in 1847 and features a pedimented gable end corner pilasters and a projecting front entry.
 Buffalo Town Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Buffalo Putnam County West Virginia. It encompasses three contributing buildings all in the Greek Revival style and located on the town square. They are the Buffalo Academy (1849) Buffalo Presbyterian Church (1857) and Buffalo Methodist Church (1870).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Miller Hill Mall is a shopping mall located in Duluth Minnesota USA. It is located on U.S. Highway 53 where it intersects Trinity Road. The mall owned by Simon Property Group features JCPenney Sears and Younkers as its anchor stores as well as Barnes & Noble and DSW Shoe Warehouse with more than 100 tenants plus a food court.
 Major County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Fairview Oklahoma. It was built in 1928 and designed by Tonini and Bramblet who also designed several other courthouses in Oklahoma. The four-story stone building features Tuscan columns and pilasters spanning the second and third floors. The columns are topped by a frieze reading MAJOR COUNTY COURT HOUSE and the building is topped by a projecting cornice and a parapet.
 Tower Palace One is an apartment complex completed in 2002 in Seoul South Korea. It consists of three skyscrapers: Tower A Tower B and Tower C. The tallest of the three Tower B stands at 234 m (768 ft) and Towers A and C are 209 m (686 ft) tall.
 Château de Cazeneuve is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 The Springville High School Mechanical Arts Building at 443 S. 200 East in Springville Utah was built in 1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It was an addition to the campus of the Springville High School whose original building had been built in 1909.
 Gedempte Zalmhaven also referred to as Zalmhaven Toren is a project that includes a 212m residential tower in Rotterdam the Netherlands. Other parts of the project are Kopgebouw (45m) and Laagbouw. The project was approved by the city in February 2010.The 188m high residential tower will house 295 apartments and a parking garage. The tower and a second office building will be designed by Dam & Partner architects with Claus en Kaan Architecten designing a residential unit.
 High Pumping Station is a historic pumping station located in the Bronx New York New York. It was built between 1901 and 1906 and is a rectangular red brick building with a steeply pitched slate covered gable roof. It was built as part of the Jerome Park Reservoir complex.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Mall Wood Green is a large shopping centre and residential complex in Wood Green North London. It is generally still referred to by its former name of Wood Green Shopping City; the signage on the building still uses that name.The Mall is the largest shopping centre within the North Circular with just over 100 retail shops seven of them anchor stores 45 market stalls and an average of 221000 customers per week.
 Ellicottville Town Hall is a historic town hall building located at Ellicottville New York in Cattaraugus County New York. It was erected in 1829 as the Cattaraugus County Court House. It is a two story brick structure set on a limestone foundation. The structure features a distinctive cupola. Much of the original interior was destroyed by a fire in 1969.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St. Olaf's Church (also known as Ulvila Church Finnish: Pyhän Olavin kirkko or Ulvilan kirkko) is a medieval fieldstone church in the Western Finnish town of Ulvila. The church is dedicated to St. Olaf. It is considered as one of the most significant medieval buildings in Finland. St.
 St Luke's Church Broughton Sulney is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Upper Broughton.
 The Thaddeus Fisher House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Portland Buddhist Church located in northwest Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of the Primacy of St. Peter is a Franciscan church located in Tabgha Israel on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee. It commemorates Jesus' reinstatement of Peter as chief among the Apostles.
 Millbrook is a historic home and farm complex located near Crewe Nottoway County Virginia. The original section of the Federal-style main house was built about 1840 and expanded to its present size about 1855. It is a balanced two-story five-bay center-hall plan I-house with a Greek Revival-style centered front porch and English basement with three finished floors above.
 The Baldwin-Grantham House also known as Locust Grove and Shanghai House was built in 1749 in Shanghai West Virginia in the Back Creek district of Berkeley County. The earliest portion of the house is a log cabin built in 1749 by Frances Baldwin. Frances and his wife Sarah lived there until 1790 when they sold the property to Joseph Grantham and Jacob Fry.
 Dalgain also known as the McCabe House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. Robert E McCabe for whom the house was built in 1916 was a prominent Charleston attorney active in the city's business life. It is an American Foursquare-style house that features a white stucco exterior and green roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 The Addison Prentiss House is a historic house at 3 Channing Way in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story house was built c. 1877 and is one of the city's finer Gothic Revival houses built in brick. The main facade is dominated by a 3-1/2 story tower and a porch that extends across the full width of the front. Other elevations are asymmetrical with varying gables and porches.
 The Pioneer Building is a late nineteenth century Italianate style commercial/office building at 14 Lawton Street in downtown New Rochelle New York.. The Pioneer Building was built in 1892 to house the offices of The Pioneer a local newspaper. John New & Son the New Rochelle builder responsible for its construction is credited with its design.In the late 1970s the building was vacant and was considered a candidate for demolition.
 Abbasi Shaheed Hospital is a teaching hospital located in Paposh Nagar neighborhood of Nazimabad Karachi Sindh Pakistan. This public hospital was constructed in the early 1970s and serves the residents of northern part of the city (Nazimabad North Nazimabad North Karachi F. B.
 The Rock Store is a restaurant in Cornell California in Malibu Canyon that is popular with motorcyclists. It is a humble but infamous hangout is like a church for wayward souls Whose paths to Heaven are found with throttle in hand in the words of Zapata Espinoza writing for Mountain Bike magazine The gathering of the tribe at the Rock Store is unlike any other.
 The Mahmood Mosque (Arabic: مسجد محمود‎) in Kababir Haifa was built by Ahmadiyya Muslim community in the late 1970s.
 The Daugherty Furniture Building also known as the J.R. Daugherty Company Building is a former store located in Clinton Tennessee. It sold furniture appliances hardware flooring and other household items until its closure in 1985. The building was designed by architect Clem H. Meyers and was constructed between the years 1938 and 1942. In 2010 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Benjamin Rush House also known as Chesteridge is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 as a summer home for an insurance company president named Benjamin Rush. It is a 2 1/2-story six bay dwelling built of green serpentine stone and fieldstone in the Georgian Revival style. It has a 1 1/2-story service wing and a 2-story library wing added in 1928.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Hospital is a hospital in Sydney Australia located on Palmerston Road in Hornsby. It is a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney.As a provider of care since 1933 the Hornsby Ku-ring-gai Hospital is a major metropolitan hospital and is a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney. Staff members who care for over a quarter of a million people living in the Hornsby Ku-ring-gai area.
 General Francis Marion Bamberg (1838-1905) the builder of the General Francis Marion Bamberg House played an important role in the growth of the town and county of Bamberg South Carolina. Among other accomplishments General Bamberg promoted the educational religious economic and cultural growth of the town of Bamberg gave a library and gymnasium to the Carlisle Fitting School and significant sums for the construction of a Methodist church.
 Fort Erie was the first British fort to be constructed as part of a network developed after the Seven Years' War (often referred to as the French and Indian War in the United States) was concluded by the Treaty of Paris (1763) at which time all of New France had been ceded to Great Britain. It is located on the southern edge of the Town of Fort Erie Ontario directly across the Niagara River from Buffalo New York.
 The Avondale Park Historic District in Birmingham Alabama is a 200 acres (81 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It includes work dating to 1886 and work by Burnhum & Greer. It includes Queen Anne Colonial Revival and Tudor Revival architecture. The listing included 425 contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures.
 1090 Vermont Avenue NW is a high-rise modernist office building in Washington D.C. which is tied with the Renaissance Washington DC Hotel as the fourth-tallest commercial building in the city (as of January 2010). The building is 187 feet (57 metres) high and has 12 floors. It contained about 160000 square feet (14880 square metres) of space when it first opened but only 150000 square feet (13905 square metres) by 1998.
 St Bartholomew's Church Richard's Castle is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Richard's Castle Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands close to the castle of the same name as the village which was built to command this part of the Welsh Marches.
 The Marquette and Western Railroad Negaunee Freight Depot is a railroad depot located at 420 Rail Street in Negaunee Michigan. It is also known as the Duluth South Shore and Atlantic Negaunee Freight Depot. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Mirax-Plaza Ukraine (Ukrainian: Міракс-плаза Україна) is an unfinished building in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. It is located in the central Podilskyi district (municipal address: 43 Glybochytska St.). If completed it would surpass the Parus Business Centre (156 m or 516 ft) to become the tallest building in Ukraine. The project suggests class-A office space as well as retail and residential space.
 The Golden Gate Building built in 1925 is an historic real estate and land development office building located on State Road A1A at 3225 South East Dixie Highway (corner of South East Delmar Street) in the unincorporated community of Golden Gate south of Stuart in Martin County Florida. It was built by the Golden Gate Development Company to serve as the sales office for its 200 block subdivision called Golden Gate.
 St. John's Cathedral located at 413 Cumberland Avenue in Knoxville Tennessee is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee.
 Washington Square Mall is a regional shopping mall located on the eastern side of Indianapolis. It opened in 1974 with a renovation/expansion in 1999. Today there are over 80 stores and Burlington Coat Factory Dick's Sporting Goods Sears and Target are the major anchor stores as well a movie theater.
 Catlin Hall Wilkes College also known as George Catlin Hall and Reynolds House is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1843 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular brick building in the Greek Revival style. It has a two-story rear wing. It was built as the Reynolds family residence and used as such into the 1950s after which it was sold to Wilkes College in 1957.
 Vedanta Society of New York (VSNY) was the first Vedanta Society founded by the Indian Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda in New York United States in November 1894. In 1897 Swami Abhedananda another disciple of Ramakrishna who came to the United States and took charge of the society. He was the president of the society until 1921. Currently the Vedanta Society is affiliated with the Ramakrishna Math religious monastic order and the Ramakrishna Mission.
 Edenton United Methodist Church (EUMC) is located in Edenton North Carolina. It is an active progressive church with several worship opportunities and activities. Sunday worship consists of a contemporary worship service at 9:00 am and a traditional worship service at 11:00am. This church is in the Beachon DistrictNorth Carolina Annual Conference.
 Brockerhoff Mill also known as Roopsburg Mill is a historic grist mill located at Benner Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1862 and is a four-story brick building on a limestone foundation. It measures 56 feet by 40 feet and has a gable roof. Also on the property are the remains of the mill race. The mill was built by Henry Brockerhoff (1794-1878) who also built the Brockerhoff Hotel.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Cedarburg Woolen Co. Worsted Mill is located in Grafton Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Hotel Gloria was a grand hotel in the Glória neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro. Construction was ordered by the Brazilian President to it was built by entrepreneur Roche Miranda for the International Exhibition of 1922 to commemorate the Centenary of Brazil's independence. It opened on August 15 1922. The hotel was designed by Joseph Gire who also designed the Copacabana Palace.
 The Cedar Crest Addition Historic District is a residential subdivision and historic district in Normal Illinois. The subdivision is bounded roughly by Division Street to the south Highland Avenue to the north Fell Avenue to the west and a local recreation trail the Constitution Trail to the east. Developed from 1914 to 1930 Cedar Crest Addition was the first large planned subdivision in Normal.
 The Woodchopper Roadhouse on the Yukon River near Eagle Alaska is a historic establishment that was built in approximately 1910. It served as a hotel and as a post office. Its log building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The two-story approximately 23-by-32-foot (7.0 m × 9.8 m) building is built from approximately 10-inch (250 mm) logs peeled but not hewn.
 Deer Creek Bridge Stewartstown Railroad is a historic railroad bridge in Hopewell Township and Shrewsbury Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1895 and measures 34-foot-6-inch-long (10.52 m) and 9-foot-wide (2.7 m) overall. The girder bridge was built by the Stewartstown Railroad. The bridge crosses Deer Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Kokavil transmission tower often nicknamed Kokavil Tower is a 174 m (571 ft) tall multi-functional transmission tower at Kokavil Mullaitivu Sri Lanka which uses to TV radio and telecommunication transmissions as well as military communication. Its mast structure is made of lattice steel.
 Croswell-Parsons Paper Mill Ruin is the historic remains of an industrial structure and archaeological site located at New Baltimore in Greene County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Vansant Farmhouse also known as Overlook Valley Farm is a historic home located near Rushland Wrightstown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1768 and is a two-story stone structure measuring approximately 15 feet square with a one-story kitchen addition. The main house was added about 1820 and is two story stuccoed stone structure. A one-story porch was added in the 20th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Josiah B. Whitman House is a historic house at 210 Maple Street in Barnstable Massachusetts.The house was built in 1860 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The Russian Centre of Science and Culture in Belgrade (Russian: Российский центр науки и культуры «Русский Дом» Serbian: Руски центар за науку и културу „Руски дом“) is a centre aimed to promote Russian language and culture it is one of 44 present Russian Cultural Centers worldwide.Establishment of the Russian Center is strongly connected to Russian emigrants in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia after 1917 October Revolution.
 The Hartford Baptist Church is located on Main Street (Washington County Route 23) in Hartford New York United States. It is a brick church with tall wooden bell tower built in the late 19th century on the same site as the congregation's original 1789 church on land deeded to it by Dewitt Clinton the fourth of its churches to occupy the site. Designed by Philadelphia architect Benjamin Price it is the only Victorian Gothic church in the town and one of a few in the county.
 The Aldred Building (French: Édifice Aldred; also known as Édifice La Prévoyance) is an Art deco building on the historic Place d'Armes square in the Old Montreal quarter of Montreal Quebec Canada.Completed in 1931 the building was designed by Ernest Isbell Barott of the firm Barott and Blackader with a height of 96 metres (316 ft) or 23 storeys.
 The Estey Tavern is a historic tavern at 1 Central Street in Middleton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame tavern house was built in 1753 by Samuel Bradford who operated the tavern until 1763 when it was taken over by John Estey. The building is notable in part because its eastern ell encapsulates elements of a 17th-century building including a chimney and some beams.
 The Consolidated Mine was a gold mine in Lumpkin County Georgia United States just east of Dahlonega. Like most of the area around Dahlonega the placer mining on the land on which the mine is located probably started during the Georgia Gold Rush. By 1880 the placer deposits were exhausted and the land was down to hard rock. Gold was soon discovered in a huge quartz vein system and mined.
 Public Bath House No. 3 also known as Yonkers Avenue Pool is a historic public bath located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1909 and is a two story five bay wide red brick building with lively tile ornamentation in the Second Renaissance Revival style. It features a hipped tile parapet at the roofline that hides the flat roof. The interior is in three sections: reception area custodian's apartment and a pool and showers.
 Jonathan Dean House was a historic colonial American house located at 175 Dean Street in Taunton Massachusetts near the Raynham town line. It was built in 1766 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. At the time it was considered to be the most highly detailed 18th century house in the city. However the house was demolished in the mid-1990s for a pharmacy (now Rite Aid).
 Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium now the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies and Performing Arts is an Art Deco building in Las Vegas Nevada. It represents a subset of the Art Deco style known as Aztec Moderne in which Aztec design motifs were used in an overall Art Deco palette of forms and materials. The academic building and the gymnasium are two of the original 3 buildings that we built.
 National Gallery of Modern Art is an art gallery in Bangalore. It was inaugurated in the year 2009. It showcases modern Indian art and houses paintings by Raja Ravi Verma Jamini Roy Amrita Sher-Gil Rabindranath Tagore and a large number of Modern and Contemporary artists.
 10 South LaSalle is a 502 ft (153 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1986 and has 37 floors. Moriyama & Teshima Architects designed this building which is tied with One Superior Place for the 87th tallest building in the city. The first four floors of the tower are made of the original facade from the Otis Building the original building on this site.
 Stilwell Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story dwelling built about 1795 in a linear plan. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 St. Alphonsus Church Rectory Convent and Halle also known as St. John Neumann Shrine and Baltimore's Powerhouse of Prayer is an historic Roman Catholic church complex located in Baltimore Maryland United States.The church is based on the design of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna and follows a basilica floorplan. The structure is constructed of red brick with limestone accents in the Gothic Revival style.
 Finnsnes Church (Norwegian: Finnsnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the central part of the town of Finnsnes. The church is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white stone church was built in 1979 and was consecrated by Bishop Kristen Kyrre Bremer. The church seats about 750 people.
 Ōminesan-ji (大峯山寺 Ōminesan-ji) is an important temple of the Shugendō religion in Yoshino district Nara prefecture Japan. It is located at the top of Mount Ōmine. According to tradition it was founded by En no Ozunu the founder of Shugendō a form of mountain asceticism drawing from Buddhist and Shinto beliefs.
 Victoria Hospital is a large hospital situated to the north of the town centre in Kirkcaldy in Fife Scotland. As one of two main hospitals in Fife this serves both the town and surrounding Mid-Fife area. The Victoria has been run by Fife Acute Hospital NHS trust since 1999 formerly the Kirkcaldy Acute Hospital trust.Construction of the hospital began in 1955 surrounding the site of the sanatorium and fever hospital completed between 1899 and 1910.
 The Virginian Hotel is a historic hotel in Medicine Bow Wyoming United States. Construction on the hotel began in 1901 and was completed in 1911. It was built by August Grimm the first mayor of Medicine Bow and his partner George Plummer. The hotel is thought to be named for the famous novel written in Medicine Bow The Virginian by Owen Wister.
 US Post Office—North Tonawanda is a historic post office building located at North Tonawanda in Niagara County New York. It was designed and built 1912-1914 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Oscar Wenderoth.
 The Ruffin Drew (R. D.) Fletcher House also known as the George Allen Dicus M.D. House is a historic house in the city of Streator Illinois. It was constructed in 1890 and is a good example of stick-style architecture. The house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The American Radiator Building (since renamed to the American Standard Building) is a landmark skyscraper located at 40 West 40th Street in midtown Manhattan New York City. It was conceived by the architects John Howells and Raymond Hood in 1924 and built for the American Radiator and Standard Sanitary Company.
 The Krause Music Store the last commission by architect Louis Sullivan is a two-story building located at 4611 N. Lincoln Avenue in the Lincoln Square business district of Chicago. The entire facade is covered in an ornate gray terra cotta design. Though a story shorter than its neighbors on both sides the Krause's elaborate facade stands out from the other buildings on the block.
 The Benson City Hall and Fire Station now known as the Benson Community Center is located at 6008 Maple Street in the Benson neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. It was built in 1915 shortly before Benson's annexation by Omaha.
 Christ Church Cathedral is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Lexington and is located at 166 Market Street Lexington Kentucky. Founded in 1796 Christ Church Cathedral is the oldest Episcopal church in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Renovations over the years have sought to preserve the original structure and remains relatively unchanged. The church created what is now called the Old Episcopal Burying Ground located nearby.
 The Meadows in Franklin Township Somerset County New Jersey United States is a building from 1722. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Centennial Tower is a 158 m (518 ft) 37 storey high-rise skyscraper in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 3 Temasek Avenue in the zone of Marina Centre. The building is nearby other skyscrapers such as Millenia Tower and Suntec City.
 Stuckman Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of North Elba in Essex and Franklin County New York. It was built between 1897 and 1900 as a single family residence. It is a three story rectangular gable roofed wood frame dwelling with numerous additions layered over each other over the years and has Colonial Revival style details. The interior is divided into apartments one per floor and it features a glass enclosed verandah and multiple glazed cure porches.
 The Worthy Hotel is an historic hotel at 1571 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. Built in 1895 and advertised as Springfield's leading commercial and tourist house the Worthy Hotel was Springfield's finest hotel until the opening of the Hotel Kimball in 1911.
 The Shubert Theatre in Boston Massachusetts is located at 263-265 Tremont Street in the Boston Theater District. It opened on January 24 1910 with a production of Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew starring E.H. Sothern and Julia Marlowe. Architect Thomas M. James (Hill James & Whitaker) designed the building which seats approximately 1600 people. Originally conceived as The Lyric Theatre by developer Charles H.
 The John Rankin House is a National Historic Landmark in Ripley Ohio. Built about 1816 it was home to Presbyterian abolitionist John Rankin and was one of the original stops on the Underground Railroad. Harriet Beecher Stowe's visit to Rankin provided the story that became Uncle Tom's Cabin.The house was acquired by the State of Ohio in 1938 and is now operated by the Ohio Historical Society and opened for tours.
 AMP Society Building is a historic building on Customhouse Quay Wellington New Zealand.The Australian Mutual Provident society was founded in 1849 and established a branch on Featherston Street Wellington in 1871.
 One Calvert Plaza formerly the Continental Trust Company Building is an historic 16-story 76 m (249 ft) skyscraper in Baltimore Maryland. The Beaux-Arts early modern office building was constructed with steel structural members clad with terra cotta fireproofing and tile-arch floors. Its namesake was chartered in 1898 and instrumental in merging several Baltimore light and gas companies into one city-wide system. It was constructed in 1900-1901 to designs prepared by D.H.
 New Hall is a 17th-century cottage in Woodford in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ893813). Above the door there is a Tudor-arched lintel with the date '1630' along with the initials 'WDED' (William and Elizabeth Davenport) and the family shield. The same Davenport family owned Bramall Hall in Bramhall close by. The cottage along with the adjoining farmhouse is a Grade II* listed building.
 Doliskana (Georgian: დოლისყანა Turkish: Dolishane) is a Georgian medieval Orthodox monastery in historical Medieval Georgian Kingdom of Klarjeti (modern-day Artvin Province of Turkey). Church construction was finished in mid 10th century in times of Sumbat I of Iberia. It is located on the right bank of the Imerkhevi River.
 The Noyes House is an historic home in New Canaan Connecticut. Designed in the International style of architecture by Eliot Noyes (1910–1977) and built in 1955 by Borglum & Meek of Wilton Connecticut. It was the second New Canaan house that Noyes designed for his own family to live in. The first one no longer exists.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Included in the NRHP listing are two contributing buildings and two other contributing structures.
 360 Mall is a shopping mall in Al Zahra area Kuwait. It can be reached by using the sixth ring road. It is the third biggest mall in Kuwait.The mall includes the first Géant Casino hypermarket in Kuwait a Marks & Spencer department store and leisure and entertainment areas.The project was designed by RTKL Associates and developed by the Tamdeen Group.
 The Iron Building is a historic building at the Watervliet Arsenal in Watervliet New York. It currently serves as the Watervliet Arsenal Museum.The Iron Building was built in 1859 and is an outstanding example of pre-fabricated cast iron construction. It is also the only building at the Arsenal to have a strong degree of Italianate styling.
 The UCS Building is a skyscraper in Braamfontein Johannesburg South Africa. It was built in 1976 to a height of 128 metres. The building is the former headquarters of French oil company Total Elf Fina and as such is formerly known as Total House. When Total Elf Fina relocated to another building it lost its naming rights.As of 2011 it houses the Head Office of the JSE-listed UCS Group Limited and various subsidiaries (Argility UKS)
 The Parkshore is a 556ft (169m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1991 and has 56 floors. Barancik Conte designed the building which is the 53rd tallest in Chicago.
 The Galitska Synagogue is a synagogue in Kiev Ukraine.
 AutoMuseum Volkswagen is an automobile museum in Wolfsburg Lower Saxony Germany. Opened in April 1985 it is one of two museums in Wolfsburg devoted to the history of the Volkswagen brand; the other is at nearby Autostadt.The museum is housed in a former clothing factory very close to the Volkswagen Werke where new Volkswagens are made. Since January 1992 it has been owned and operated by a charitable foundation Stiftung AutoMuseum Volkswagen.
 St. John's Lutheran Church is a congregation of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod located in Conover North Carolina and a member of the LCMS' Southeastern District. Officially formed in 1798 the church has a rich German history.
 The Westinghouse Sign was the first computer-controlled sign in the United States. Located in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania the large animated display advertised the Westinghouse Electric Company and was best known for the seemingly endless number of combinations in which its individual elements could be illuminated.
 SM City Bicutan is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings Inc. It was opened in November 2002. It has a land area of 18000m2 and a floor area of 112737m2. SM City Bicutan is the third SM Supermall in the southern section of Metro Manila and one of the three SM Malls in Parañaque after SM City Sucat (formerly SM Supercenter Sucat) which was opened in 2001 and SM City BF which was recently opened in 2013. SM City Bicutan has two buildings interconnected by a footbridge.
 The Cal Palmer Memorial Building (also known as Finders Keepers) is a historic site in Windermere Florida. It is located at 502 Main Street. On November 29 1995 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 West Endicott Park Carousel is a historic carousel located at Endicott in Broome County New York. The carousel was purchased about 1929. The carousel is housed in a wooden one story 16-sided enclosed pavilion. The carousel has 36 figures: 34 horses one pig and one dog each of which is a jumper and two chariots. It was constructed by the Allan Herschell Company. It is one of six carousels donated to the citizens of Broome County by George F.
 The Mathews-Powell House is a Victorian house located in Queen City Texas United States. The house was dedicated as a Texas Historical Landmark in 1973 and was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1977. The house was built in 1878 by William Franklin Mathews (1840-1900) and his wife Harriet India Sharp. Mathews a Confederate veteran and farmer moved to Queen City when it was founded (1877) and became a successful merchant.
 The McCarthy House in Virginia City Nevada was built in 1875. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It is included in the Virginia City Historic District a National Historic Landmark.
 The Isaac Glaspell House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Crystal Cathedral is a church building in Garden Grove Orange County California in the United States. The reflective glass building designed by American architect Philip Johnson was completed in 1981 and seats 2736 people.
 Joseph Ferris House is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on June 30 1975.
 The Alpha Phi Sorority House located in Eugene Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The National Oncologic Institute or ION (Spanish: Instituto Oncologico Nacional) is a specialized hospital for cancer treatment located in Panama City Panama. Between August 2000 and March 2001 patients receiving radiation treatment for prostate cancer and cancer of the cervix received lethal doses of radiation resulting in 17 fatalities.
 Gloucestershire Royal Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in Great Western Road Gloucester England. Gloucestershire Royal Hospital has more than 600 beds and 14 operating theatres. It serves western and southern Gloucestershire and parts of Herefordshire.
 Railroad and Transportation Museum of El Paso is a railroad museum in El Paso Texas United States.
 Sylvania in McCormick County South Carolina near Bradley South Carolina was built in 1825. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.The house is thought to have been built in 1825 by John Hearst. John Hearst died in 1847 and James H. Wideman acquired the property. A grandson of Wideman restored the house in 1969-1971. It has fine Regency details in the interior and faux finishes.
 Liberty Hall is a historic home located near Forest Bedford County Virginia. The earliest section was built in 1778 and forms the first floor and much of the foundation of the new rear addition. The two-story five bay brick Federal style front section was added about 1815. It has a modillion cornice gable roof exterior end chimneys and one and two-story frame additions built off of the side and rear elevations.
 The Baptist Centre is a building which houses the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland (ABC) its departments (Baptist Missions Baptist Women Baptist Youth and others) and the Baptist Theological Centre which includes the Irish Baptist College (IBC) the Irish Baptist College Library and the Irish Baptist Historical Society Archives. Located at 19 Hillsborough Road outside Lisburn it was built in 2003 and opened on 10 May 2003.
 National American Bank Building located at 200 Carondelet Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 23-story 330 feet (101 m)-tall skyscraper. It is recognized for its golden Art Deco spire and from a distance appears to contrast with the tower of the Hibernia bank building.In the early 2000s it was renovated and repurposed as an apartment building renamed 200 Carondelet.
 The Clinton Grove Cemetery is a burial ground located at 21189 Cass Avenue near Mount Clemens Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1996.
 Wellcome Collection is known as 'the free destination for the incurably curious'. It is a museum based at 183 Euston Road London and displays an unusual mixture of medical artifacts and original artworks exploring 'ideas about the connections between medicine life and art'. Founded in 2007 Wellcome Collection now attracts over 500000 visitors per year.
 The Penitentiary of New Mexico (PNM) is a men's maximum-security prison located in unincorporated Santa Fe County 15 miles (24 km) south of central Santa Fe on New Mexico State Road 14. It is operated by the New Mexico Corrections Department.The complex consists of three separate facilities.
 Government House of Manitoba is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba as well as that in Winnipeg of the Canadian monarch. It stands in the provincial capital on the grounds of the Manitoba Legislative Building at 10 Kennedy Street; unlike other provincial Government Houses in Canada this gives Manitoba's royal residence a prominent urban setting though it is surrounded by gardens.
 The Hermitage Palace or Hermitage Hunting Lodge (Danish: Eremitageslottet or Eremitagen) is located in Dyrehaven north of Copenhagen Denmark. The palace was built by architect Lauritz de Thurah in Baroque style from 1734 to 1736 for Christian VI of Denmark in order to host royal banquets during royal hunts in Dyrehaven.
 Wilanów Palace (Polish: Pałac w Wilanowie Polish pronunciation: [ˈpawat͡s vvilaˈnɔvjɛ]) is a royal palace located in the Wilanów district Warsaw. Wilanów Palace survived the Poland's partitions and both World Wars and so serves as a reminder of the culture of the Polish state as it was before the misfortunes of the 18th century.It is one of Poland's most important monuments. The Palace's museum established in 1805 is a repository of the country's royal and artistic heritage.
 Tianjin R&F Guangdong Tower is a 91 storey 468 m (1535 ft) tall mixed use supertall skyscraper under construction on Xiangluowan CBD street in Tianjin China. The tower was proposed for construction in 2008. The tower is expected to be completed in 2016. Once completed it will become tallest building in Tianjin and one of the tallest buildings in the world.
 Military Park is the oldest park in Indianapolis Indiana covering 14 acres (6 ha). In accordance with the Indiana Constitution the land that forms Military Park cannot be sold; only Monument Circle and half of the Indiana State Capitol share this distinction.
 Saint John's Health Center is a private not-for-profit Roman Catholic hospital in Santa Monica California United States. The hospital was founded in 1942 by the Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth.
 Christ Church Ince-in-Makerfield is located in Ince Green Lane Lower Ince Ince-in-Makerfield Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is combined with that of St Catharine Wigan. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Lorenzo Crandall House is an historic house at 221 High Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house is built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Crawshawbooth is in the village of Crawshawbooth near Rawtenstall Lancashire England. It it is a redundant Anglican parish church formerly in the deanery of Rossendale the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. Its benefice has been united with that of St Mary and All Saints Goodshaw. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Louis Couperus Museum is a museum located in the Archipelbuurt neighbourhood of The Hague. The museum celebrates the life and work of the Belle Époque writer Louis Couperus.
 Henry R. Edmunds School is a historic school building located in the Northwood neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1924. It is a three-story nine-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival style. It features a projecting entrance pavilion stone cornice and brick parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Gifu City Museum of History (岐阜市歴史博物館 Gifu-shi Rekishi Hakubutsukan) is a city-supported history museum located in the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan.
 The Treasurer's House is a National Trust-owned property in Martock in the English county of Somerset. It has been designated as a grade I listed building. Apart from the Bishop's Palace Wells it is the oldest house in the county.It is a medieval priest's house built from Hamstone during the 13th century. It is mentioned as the parsonage attached to the village Church of All Saints.
 The Château de Ganges was a castle in the commune of Ganges in the Hérault département of France. Only ruins remain.
 The Philipsburgh Building also known as Philipsburgh Hall is an architectural landmark building in Getty Square in downtown Yonkers New York. The grand Beaux-Arts style structure was designed by G. Howard Chamberlain and built in 1904 using a unique all-concrete construction making it the first fireproof office building in Westchester County.
 Waldorf Astoria Hotel & Residences Philadelphia was a proposed skyscraper in the city of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was to be built in the former One Meridian Plaza lot half of which is now occupied by The Residences at The Ritz-Carlton. The project comprised a 670 feet (200 m)/58 floor tower located at 1441 Chestnut Street and was to be completed by Waldorf Astoria Philadelphia by the year 2012.
 Camp Cusino was created in 1951. It is located one mile west of Shingleton Michigan. The camp was officially called the Cusino Corrections Prison Work Camp and was part of the Corrections Conservation Prison Camp Program in the State of Michigan. The name Cusino was taken from a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp that was located four miles east of Melstrand Michigan. In 1951 some of the CCC buildings were moved to Shingleton for the prison camp.
 Ford Hall is an all-female residence hall at Kansas State University and is named for Kenney L. Ford who was Secretary of the Kansas State Alumni Association from 1928-1961. It is located on the South East corner of the Derby Complex at Kansas State's Manhattan Kansas campus south of Haymaker Hall and east of West Hall on Manhattan Avenue and Old Claflin Road. It has a residence of approximately 450 students and all rooms are suites.
 The Cragsmoor Historic District includes most of that hamlet atop the Shawangunk Ridge in the Town of Wawarsing part of Ulster County New York USA. It is roughly bounded by Henry Cragsmoor and Sam's Point roads a Y-shaped area of 3620 acres (14.5 km²). Within it are 168 buildings (mostly homes) 15 structures and 11 objects all located amidst a quiet heavily wooded ridgetop community.
 Second Street Bridge was a historic concrete Bowstring arch bridge located at Chester in Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1919 and was a 84-foot-long (26 m) singe-span arch bridge. It spanned the Chester Creek. The bridge has been demolished.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Los Angeles County Hall of Records a rare high-rise by Richard Neutra (co-designed by Robert Alexander) sits in the northern end of the Civic Center in Downtown Los Angeles. An exemplar of modernist architecture the building includes louvers similar to the Kaufmann Desert House. Additionally the screen to the right of the louvres was a feature by sculptor Malcolm Leland to incorporate ornamentation into modernist buildings.
 Pawnee County Courthouse in Pawnee City Nebraska was built in 1911. It was designed by architect William F. Gernandt in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Hotel Atlantic Kempinski Hamburg is a luxurious hotel in Hamburg Germany. It was opened in 1909 as a grand hotel. It was awarded as the best hotel in Germany until June 2009. Since 1957 it belongs to the chain Kempinski and also it belongs to The Leading Hotels of the World. The hotel is located between the lake Alster and Hamburg Hauptbahnhof. In May 2008 the facade of the hotel was restored. The general restoration of the hotel has began in 2010.
 Medina General Hospital - is a private hospital located in New Carmen Annex Ozamiz City. It is the base Hospital of Medina College. The Hospital was renovated with 4 story building in 2006 .
 De Vrienden van Jacob is a restaurant in Santpoort Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2006–present.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Vrienden van Jacob is Alain Alders.De restaurant is part of the country estate and hotel Duin en Kruidberg. In 2008 the restaurant was closed for five months due to extensive renovations to the restaurant and the hotel. The estate is over a 100 years old.
 Kips Bay Towers is a large two-building condominium complex in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan with a total of 1118 units. The complex was designed by architects I.M. Pei and S. J. Kessler with the involvement of James Ingo Freed in the brutalist style and completed in 1965. The project was developed by Webb & Knapp.The complex occupies an area of three city blocks or approximately 7.5 acres (3.0 ha) bounded by First and Second avenues and East 30th and 33rd streets.
 The Metropolitan Correctional Center San Diego (MCC San Diego) is a United States federal administrative detention facility in California which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.Most prisoners held at MCC San Diego have pending cases in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. MCC San Diego also holds prisoners serving brief sentences.
 Providence Dyeing Bleaching Calendring Company (or Valley Bleachery) is an historic site located at 46505260 Valley Street and 80 Delaine Street in Providence Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1837 by Frank P. Sheldon and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Albert Lea Art Center is located in Albert Lea Minnesota United States. The Albert Lea Art Center Bessessen Historic Opera House Building was built in 1916 by Van Kirk and Cederburg St. Paul architects. It was built to showcase the talents of internationally acclaimed opera prima donna Beatrice Bessessen. It has since been adapted for usage as a motion picture theatre a mini-mall and most recently as the Albert Lea Art Center. The façade is French Renaissance.
 Beau-Rivage Geneva is a five-star luxury hotel founded in 1865 by the Mayer family. It is located in Geneva in Switzerland. A lot of hotels in the world have the name Beau-Rivage but this hotel has remained independent since its creation and is still a family-owned business. This hotel has 90 rooms including 18 suites 2 restaurants and a bar. It is a member of the Leading Hotels of the World
 The Elephant Tea Rooms is a Grade II listed building in Sunderland Tyne and Wear England. The building was constructed from 1873 to 1877 by Frank Caws for Ronald Grimshaw a local tea merchant in a blend of the high Victorian Hindu Gothic and Venetian Gothic styles. This was selling point as the exotic style and name advertised the exotic origins of the tea sold there.
 The Bromley Farm-Koizuma Hishinuma Farm is a historic farmstead in the vicinity of Brighton Colorado United States. Established shortly before 1899 it includes a complex of four buildings and multiple other historic structures. In 2007 the farm was designated a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its historically significant architecture.
 The Wexner Medical Center at Ohio State University formerly called The Ohio State University Medical Center (OSUMC) is a multidisciplinary academic medical center located in Columbus Ohio United States on the main campus of The Ohio State University (OSU). In 2010 the center was ranked one of America's Best by U.S. News & World Report in 11 specialties. OSU Medical Center was the only central Ohio hospital ranked as America's Best in 2010.
 The Bayside Residence is a 24-floor residential tower in Dubai Marina in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The 101-unit building being developed by Trident International Holdings will feature an Oxygen bar the first in the UAE called the 02 Lounge. Construction of the Bayside Residence which began in 2006 is expected to be completed in 2007.
 The Winslow Ames House is a prefabricated modular International Style house in New London Connecticut United States. It was designed by Robert W. McLaughlin Jr. and was built in 1933. Ames a professor of art history at Connecticut College and the art director of the Lyman Allyn Museum had the home built after attending the Century of Progress Exposition in Chicago.
 Enniscorthy is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland. It is a large Italianate-influenced frame house constructed about 1860.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The United States Penitentiary Hazelton (USP Hazelton) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in West Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility has a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders as well as a Secure Female Facility that houses female inmates.
 Star Hill AME Church also known as Star of the East Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal (AME) church building and cemetery located near Camden Kent County Delaware. It was constructed about 1866 and is a one-story three-bay by three-bay gable roofed frame building in a vernacular Gothic Revival-style. It features a small bell tower at the roof ridge.
 Colorado Mills is a 1100000 sq ft (102000 m2) shopping mall placed in Lakewood Colorado. The mall has 10 anchor stores and it also has some restaurants including casual dining and regular restaurants and some entertainment facilities. The mall has 91 stores altogether. Walking one full circuit around the mall's main promenade is about 3/4 mile.
 The Bishop's Palace and accompanying Bishops House at Wells in the English county of Somerset is adjacent to Wells Cathedral and has been the home of the Bishops of the Diocese of Bath and Wells for 800 years. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.Building of the palace started around 1210 by Bishops Jocelin of Wells and Reginald Fitz Jocelin. The chapel and great hall were added by Bishop Robert Burnell between 1275 and 1292.
 Elijah Kellogg Church is a historic Congregationalist church on Maine State Route 123 in Harpswell Maine.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Christ Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 425 North Cherry Street in Monticello Florida in the United States. Designed by T.M. Feruson of Georgia in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture with some stick-style detailing it was built in 1885 to replace a previous church building which burned in 1883. Its steep roof lancet windows and side belfry and entrance are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches.
 The Platts-Bradstreet House built in 1677 is a historic house on Main Street in Rowley Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The building is now home to the Rowley Historical Society.
 Hathaway Brightman House is a historic house at 205 Crescent Street in Fall River Massachusetts in the Border City neighborhood.The house was built in circa 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is considered a particularly fine example of a mid-19th century Victorian Gothic cottage. It features a pine tree Palladian window above the entrance.
 Wirral Women and Children's Hospital is located on the Arrowe Park Hospital campus in Upton Wirral and was founded following a redevelopment of the maternity and gynaecology wing of Arrowe Park Hospital. Although now considered a separate hospital it remains managed by Wirral University Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.
 The Jefferson Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school in the Village of Indian Hill Ohio United States. Built along Drake Road in 1851 it is Indian Hill's oldest extant school.
 Lakeport Plantation is a historic antebellum plantation house near Lake Village Arkansas. Built ca. 1850 in the Greek Revival style the plantation boomed as cotton prices increased until the end of the Civil War which devastated the South.
 The Printzhof located in Governor Printz Park in Essington Pennsylvania was the home of Johan Björnsson Printz governor of New Sweden.In 1643 Johan Printz moved his capital from Fort Christina (located in what is now Wilmington Delaware) to Tinicum Island. At that time Fort Gothenburg was established in addition to Printz’s dwelling and headquarters. Two years later a fire swept over the newly established settlement. The Printzhof was reconstructed more solidly and lavishly.
 The Old Congress Building (also known as the Old Legislative Building) is a building located on Padre Burgos Avenue in Ermita Manila Philippines. It is currently home of the National Art Gallery of the National Museum of the Philippines. From 1926 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1997 the building was home to various legislative bodies of the Philippine government.
 Ireland-Gardiner Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Greenlawn in Suffolk County New York. The original section of the main dwelling was built about 1750. It is a 1 1⁄2-story shingled dwelling with a saltbox profile and a rear shed-roof addition. It has a central chimney and deep overhanging eaves. Also on the property are a barn a corncrib a shed and a cottage.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The House at 50 Pelham Street in Methuen Massachusetts is a well preserved Italianate house and barn. Built sometime in the 1870s the 2.5 story wood frame house features typical Italianate decorations including extended bracketed eaves (not just on the roof but also on projecting window lintels) doubled brackets in the gable eaves and a round-arch window in the gable end.
 The Deacon Edward Putnam Jr. House is a historic First Period house at 9 Gregory Street in Middleton Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house its right (east) side and the central chimney were built c. 1705 probably by Deacon Edward Putnam Sr. By 1718 Edward Jr. occupied the house with his family by which time it had been expanded with rooms to the west.
 The Jarchi mosque (Persian: مسجد جارچی‎) was built in 1610 under the supervision of Shah Abbas' herald. This mosque is located in the Great Bazaar (Bazaar-e-Bozorg) of Isfahan. Decorations of this mosque are mainly destroyed.
 The White Swan Inn White Swan Court Church Street Monmouth Monmouthshire south-east Wales is an eighteenth century former coaching inn. The building is Grade II* listed as of 27 June 1952. It is one of 24 buildings on the Monmouth Heritage Trail.
 Antioch Baptist Church is a historic church located in Shreveport Louisiana. On April 23 1866 two leaders of the First Baptist Church honorably dismissed 73 black members of its church so they could begin construction of a new black Baptist church. This church came to be known as the First Colored Baptist Church of Shreveport. The original building was dedicated on August 18 1871. In the late 1800s the church bought land on Texas Avenue and began construction of a new church.
 Raffles City (Chinese: 来福士城 before 2007: 莱佛士城) is a large complex located in the Civic District within the Downtown Core of the city-state of Singapore. Occupying an entire city block bounded by Stamford Road Beach Road Bras Basah Road and North Bridge Road it houses two hotels and an office tower over a podium which contains a shopping mall and a convention centre. The mall is managed by CapitaCommercial Trust and CapitaMall Trust.
 West Chester State College Quadrangle Historic District also known as the Quadrangle Historic District is a group of historic academic buildings and national historic district located on the campus of West Chester University of Pennsylvania in West Chester Chester County Pennsylvania. It consists of five contributing buildings built between 1891 and 1940.
 St. Mark's Church is the Church of England parish church for the Broadwater Down area of Royal Tunbridge Wells Kent England in the Diocese of Rochester. Built in the 19th-century Gothic Revival style by Robert Lewis Roumieu it is a Grade II* listed building.
 Niagara Falls City Hall is a historic city hall located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It was constructed in 1923-1924 in the Beaux-Arts style. The building embodies Neo-Classical Revival architectural details. It features a centrally arranged rectangular form with a central projecting pavilion fluted columns with Ionic capitals and smooth ashlar sandstone walls with pilasters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Laurel Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Philadelphia Pennsylvania that was the second major garden or rural cemetery in the United States. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1998 one of only a few cemeteries to receive the distinction.Located in Philadelphia's East Falls section the 74-acre (300000 m2) cemetery overlooks the Schuylkill River. Laurel Hill contains more than 33000 monuments and more than 11000 family lots.
 The Masonic Temple is an historic former Masonic building at 339-341 State Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The four story Neo-Classical building was built in 1923 to serve as the headquarters of the local Masonic lodge. It occupies a prominent position opposite the Springfield Armory just outside the downtown area.
 The Rapidan Dam Canal of the Rappahannock Navigation is a canal intended to safely carry Batteaus sturdy flat bottomed boats used primarily for transporting cargo around the rapids at the confluence of the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers. The Rapidan Canal funded and constructed by The Rappahannock Company consists of two different canals (the Old Rapidan Canal and the Rapidan Canal) built at different times.
 HMP Bronzefield is a Category A adult and young offender female's prison located on the outskirts of Ashford in Surrey England. Bronzefield is the only purpose-built private prison solely for women in the UK and is the largest female prison in Europe. The prison is operated by Sodexo Justice Services.
 The George Levy House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1927 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 The Verlot Ranger Station-Public Service Center is a ranger station that also doubles as a visitors center. It is located on the Mountain Loop Highway near the city of Granite Falls and is part of the Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. The center was constructed by the CCC during the Great Depression and the building reflects the architectural style of that time.
 Pier 21 located in Halifax Nova Scotia is Canada's national museum of immigration. It operated as an ocean liner terminal and immigration shed from 1928 to 1971. It became an immigration museum in 1999. Pier 21 is Canada's last remaining ocean immigration shed. The facility is often compared to Ellis Island although this term is also used to describe the immigration station at Grosse Isle Quebec.
 The Masonic Temple in Aurora Illinois is a historical building where Freemasons held meetings. Opened in 1924 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wyndham Grand London Chelsea Harbour is the only luxury 5-star all-suite hotel in London England. Located near the boutiques of Kings Road the hotel has 158 suites including 4 penthouse suites with panoramic vistas.The Wyndham Grand London has 11 conference rooms to accommodate for up to 1000 delegates. These spaces are also licensed for civil ceremonies.
 The Church of St. James is a church in Normanton on Soar Nottinghamshire.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin in Nettlecombe Somerset England dates from the 13th and 14th centuries and has been designated as a grade I listed building.The church which lies within the grounds of Nettlecombe Court which was built as a large country manor house becoming a girls' boarding school in the early 1960s and since 1967 has been the Leonard Wills Field Centre run by the Field Studies Council.
 Glasgow Central Mosque is located on the south bank of the River Clyde in the Gorbals district of central Glasgow.
 The Luella Garvey House at 589-599 California Ave. in Reno Nevada United States was designed by architect Paul Revere Williams (1894–1980) and was built in 1934. It includes Colonial Revival and French Regency style elements.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It was deemed notable as the earliest Reno commission of the noted African-American architect Paul Revere Williams who designed more than 15 works in Nevada.
 Ørsta Church (Norwegian: Ørsta kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Ørsta at the end of the Ørstafjorden. The church is part of the Ørsta parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1864 by the architects Heinrich Ernst Schirmer and Wilhelm von Hanno. The church seats about 350 people.There has been a church here in Ørsta for centuries.
 The Andalucia Building was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The building is located on State Street in the southeastern part of the historical center of Santa Barbara California immediately next to the Highway 101. The building is one of the few examples of Moorish architecture in Santa Barbara.
 The Frey Ranch at 1140 W. Peckham Ln. near Reno Nevada dates from 1870 when a 240 acres (97 ha) ranch was founded. A 1 acre (0.40 ha) site of its main house including Late Victorian architecture survives. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999; the listing included three contributing buildings.The three historic buildings are the main ranchhouse (begun c.1870-1875) a cookhouse/bunkhouse and acreamery/meathouse.
 Chimborazo Hospital was an American Civil War era facility built in Richmond Virginia to service the needs of the Confederate Army. It functioned between 1862 and 1865 in what is now Chimborazo Park treating over 76000 injured Confederate soldiers. It achieved a 10 percent mortality rate.Dr. James Brown McCaw was the Chief Surgeon.
 The U.S. Courthouse and Post Office in Aberdeen Mississippi was built in 1885. Also known as Old Federal Building it was designed in Victorian Romanesque style. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Lopez Museum is a Philippine art and history museum and library located in Pasig City Philippines at the ground floor of the Benpres Building Exchange Road corner Meralco Avenue Pasig City.
 The West Side Dom Polski is a meeting hall and social club located at 3426 Junction Street in Detroit Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is now the Metro Life International Church.
 West Point Rice Mill is a former rice mill building in Charleston South Carolina. It is at the City Marina at 17 Lockwood Drive. West Point Mill was one of three large rice mills in Charleston in the 19th century. This building was constructed in 1861 to replace a rice mill that had burned the previous year. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20 1995.
 Khan Tuman (Arabic: خان طومان‎) is a large khan is located in the village of Khan Tuman about fifteen kilometers south of Aleppo on the west bank of the Quweiq River. It was built in 1189 by Ayyubid Emir Tuman Nuri as a rural khan to protect travelers on the trade route linking the Euphrates to the Mediterranean Sea. A second khan was added abutting its southern wall in 1478 by Mamluk Sultan Qaitbey (1468–1496).
 Thomas Shute House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Family is a late 19th-century church that serves as the co-cathedral—together with the Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker—of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Samoa-Pago Pago in American Samoa an unincorporated territory of the United States. It is located in the Ottoville district of Tafuna the largest city in the territory.The construction of the cathedral began between the late 1980s and early 1990s and it opened in 1994.
 Equitable Building was a 35.91 m (117.8 ft) eight-story building at 30 Edgewood Avenue SE in Atlanta Georgia. It was built for Joel Hurt a prominent Atlanta developer and streetcar magnate. It was designed by Chicago's Burnham and Root the firm established by Georgia-born architect John Wellborn Root (1850-1891) and his partner Daniel Hudson Burnham. With its completion in 1892 it was the tallest building with the most floors in Atlanta outside of the State Capitol until 1897.
 The former Melbourne Maritime Museum now Polly Woodside managed by the National Trust of Australia is situated in South Wharf on the Yarra River in the city of Melbourne Victoria Australia.It is home to the Polly Woodside Barque the now restored cargo vessel launched in 1885. The Polly Woodside vessel resides in an original wooden-walled dry dock.
 Gökmedrese or Gök Medrese (literally: Sky Madrasah or Blue Madrasah) aka Sahibiye Medresesi is a 13th-century medrese an Islamic educational institution in Sivas Turkey.The medrese was commissioned by Sahip Ata Fahrettin Ali a vizier and the de facto ruler of Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm after the death of Pervane in 1277. Up to 1271 he was usually in good terms with Pervane. He commissioned many buildings in Anatolia. Gökmedrese is one of the most imposing of all.
 Oakwood Cemetery is a nonsectarian rural cemetery in northeastern Troy New York United States. It operates under the direction of the Troy Cemetery Association a non-profit board of directors that deals strictly with the operation of the cemetery. It was established in 1848 in response to the growing rural cemetery movement in New England and went into service in 1850. The cemetery was designed by architect John C.
 Guitars – the Museum is a museum located in downtown Umeå Sweden. The museum is located in a brick building that previously hosted the school Vasaskolan. It shares the venue with a rock club a restaurant a music store and a record shop.
 Edward Hospital & Health Services (Edward Hospital Services Corporation) commonly referred to as Edward is a major healthcare provider located in southwest suburban Naperville DuPage County Illinois.
 The Rebecca Rankin Round Barn is a historic round barn in the far eastern part of the U.S. state of Indiana. Located along State Road 18 in far northern Jay County the barn is one of many built throughout the state during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Its distinctive manner of construction has resulted in its designation as a historic site.
 Paxton Carnegie Public Library is in the Ford County Illinois city of Paxton. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is still used by the Paxton Carnegie Library and is open as a public library.
 The Museum of London documents the history of London from prehistoric to modern times.
 The Umayyad Mosque also known as the Great Mosque of Damascus (Arabic: جامع بني أمية الكبير‎ Romanization Ğāmi' Banī 'Umayya al-Kabīr) located in the old city of Damascus is one of the largest and oldest mosques in the world. It is considered by some Muslims to be the fourth-holiest place in Islam.After the Arab conquest of Damascus in 634 the mosque was built on the site of a Christian basilica dedicated to John the Baptist (Yahya) honored as a prophet by Christians and Muslims alike.
 Henry Hardin Cherry Hall is a building located on the campus of Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green Kentucky. Built with funds appropriated under the New Deal the building was completed in 1937. It is named for Henry Hardin Cherry who founded the Bowling Green Normal School the forerunner of the modern university. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Myrtle Hill Cemetery is the second oldest cemetery in the city of Rome Georgia. The cemetery is at the confluence of the Etowah River and Oostanaula River and to the south of downtown Rome across the South Broad Street bridge.
 The Cathedral of Saint John the Evangelist originally called l'Église St-Jean du Vermilion is a historic Roman Catholic cathedral. It was the first church in the Lafayette Parish founded in 1821 on property donated by Jean Mouton. This structure was completed in 1916 in the Romanesque Revival style.The Cathedral features a museum with memorabilia and exhibits about the history of the Cathedral and the parish.
 The Academy is a 4 star London hotel with 49 rooms located in the Garden Square district of Bloomsbury. The hotel which opened in March 2000 was originally five private homes built in 1776. The hotel is managed by The Eton Collection. The hotel is paired with the British Museum and offers packages with exclusive access to curators and exhibition talks.
 26 Journal Square is a 55 m (180 ft) high-rise in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. It was originally known as the Labor Bank Building. It was completed in 1928 and has 15 floors. It is the 23rd tallest building in the city. It is often considered the first skyscraper in Jersey City. The Beaux Arts building was designed by John T. Rowland. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.The building was originally headquarters of the Labor National Bank.
 Imperia Tower in Moscow Russia is a 60-floor building complex that includes offices a business center a hotel and private apartments.The design of the tower was created by architects NBBJ. It consists of elliptical and hi-tech elements. Its location is on the first line of the Moscow-City International Business Center directly on the embankment. The tower has an exit to the water and access to the city’s main transportation routes.
 Withybush General Hospital is a 311-bed district general hospital in Haverfordwest Pembrokeshire Wales. It is one of four acute general hospitals operated by Hywel Dda Health Board.
 Schneeburg is a castle ruin between Ebringen and Freiburg Germany. The ruins are at an altitude of 516 metres (1693 feet) on the western summit of Schönberg.
 The Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital is a public teaching hospital in Dublin Ireland. The Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital in Dublin was founded in 1897 and is the National Referral Centre for both Eye and Ear Nose & Throat disorders. It is a Public Voluntary Hospital known affectionately by generations of Dubliners as the Eye and Ear. The hospital treats over 6000 inpatients a year in its 90 beds and over 80000 outpatients including attendances at Accident & Emergency.
 Hilfield Castle also Hilfield Lodge is a country estate and house about 1.8 miles (2.9 km) by road southwest of Aldenham Hertfordshire on the outskirts of London. It contains a large reservoir which was built by French prisoners of war in the 1790s and Elstree Aerodrome is located just to the east and the M1 motorway passes to the west.
 Bethel Church is a charismatic Pentecostal megachurch that was established in Redding California as an Assemblies of God congregation in 1954 and has since grown to an estimated weekly attendance of over 3000 people. The Bethel School of Supernatural Ministry was founded by the church in 1998.
 The John Lohmar House is a historic house in the Near North neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. It has several features common to Queen Anne style architecture such as a wraparound Doric colonnade porch a knob and spindle balustrade and a bracketed cornice. Its owner John Lohmar was a merchant and milliner of German ancestry. Descendants of the original owner lived in the house until 1971 and preserved its original appearance as a single-family house.
 St Margaret Pattens is a Church of England church in the City of London located on Eastcheap near the Monument. The dedication is to St. Margaret of Antioch.
 Empire Mall is a shopping mall in Sioux Falls South Dakota USA. Opened in 1975 the mall comprises more than 140 tenants (180 including carts kiosks hotels ATMs grocery stores and surrounding outdoor retail which can vary by season) in 1341202 square feet (124601.7 m2) of retail space including four anchor stores (JCPenney Macy's Sears and Younkers) and a food court. Empire Mall is a huge tourist attraction in South Dakota with more than seven million visitors annually.
 South Tryon Square is an office and retail building in Charlotte North Carolina located at 201 and 237 South Tryon Street. Incorporating the 14-story former Barclays American building built in 1961 it has 236697 square feet (21989.9 m2) of office and retail space and a 698-space parking deck. It includes gray and green granite and green glass with ornamental metal.
 The Château du Pflixbourg (from the German Blicksburg = “castle with a view”) is a castle in the commune of Wintzenheim in the Haut-Rhin département of France.The castle has been listed as a Monument historique since 1968 by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Catley Priory was a monastic house in Walcott Lincolnshire England. The Gilbertine priory of Saint Mary Catley was founded as a double house for nuns and monks between 1154 and 1158 by Peter of Billinghay. He endowed it with the whole of the then island of Catley the site of a grange and some arable land in Walcott the church at Billinghay and the chapel at Walcott pasture for four hundred sheep and right of fishing on Walcott marsh.
 The Huguenot Street Historic District is located near downtown New Paltz New York approximately 90 miles (140 km) north of New York City. The seven stone houses and several accompanying structures in the district were built in the early 18th century by Huguenot settlers fleeing discrimination and religious persecution in France and Belgium. After negotiating with the Esopus Indians this small group of Huguenots settled on a flat rise on the banks of the Wallkill River in 1678.
 Arizona Center is a shopping center and office complex located in downtown Phoenix Arizona. Arizona Center was designed by the Rouse Company (on its festival marketplace model which worked to great success in other cities) and opened in the fall of 1990 to great fanfare and high expectations as it was considered one of the original components of the ongoing downtown revitalization efforts in Phoenix taking place since the early 1990s.
 St Peter’s Church is an Anglican Church in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is a Grade II* listed building and occupies a prominent position in Leigham Court Road Streatham.
 Samuel Colby House is a historic house located at 74 Winthrop Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The house was built in 1869 for Samuel Colby a manufacturer and retailer of men's and boy's clothing who operated a store in the Union Block in downtown Taunton.The house contains a blend of Italianate and Stick style elements. Its low-pitched roof is capped by a large cupola.The Colby house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Marlborough Mall is a shopping mall located in Calgary Alberta. Opened in 1972 the mall has expanded several times and today includes approximately 100 stores and services and encompasses over 584000 square feet.The current anchor stores are Sears and Wal-Mart.
 Home Tract also known as Woodville is a historic home located at Ivy Albemarle County Virginia. The main house consists of a 1 1/2-story hall-parlor-plan frame dwelling with a two-story brick addition. A frame rear ell was added to the brick section about 1920. The interiors feature late Georgian and Greek Revival-style detailing.
 South Park Calvary United Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 1035 Broad Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 J. W. Holliday Jr. House is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County South Carolina. It was built in 1910 and is a two-story rectangular side-gable frame weatherboard-clad residence. It is dominated by a pedimented Beaux-Arts style portico with giant paired Ionic order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Sazmanab Center for Contemporary Art (Persian: مرکز هنرهای معاصر سازماناب‎) is an independent not-for-profit art center in Tehran established in 2009.Sazmanab supports artistic work in a wide range of media through exhibitions and events residencies for artists and curators educational initiatives workshops talks and publications.
 Daniel Boone School is a historic school building located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1926-1927. It is a four-story eight bay brick building with a two-story center section in the Late Gothic Revival-style. It features an off-center entrance with arched limestone surround decorative tile mosaic panels and a decorative brick and tile cornice.
 Tuality Community Hospital is a non-profit general care medical facility located in Hillsboro Oregon United States. The 167-bed facility was founded in 1918 in downtown and is the only hospital in Hillsboro Washington County’s most populous city. Tuality has partnerships with both Pacific University and Oregon Health Sciences University. At six stories tall the main building is tied for the tallest in the city with the Hillsboro Civic Center.
 The Hudson Historic District is a historic district located in Hudson Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Fish Creek Covered Bridge was built circa 1881 near Hundred West Virginia. The kingpost truss bridge spans only 36 feet (11 m). It is the last remaining covered bridge in Wetzel County and one of two remaining single kingpost truss bridges in West Virginia. The bridge has been structurally reinforced with six W8x12 wide-flange steel beams replacing wood stringers. The bridge is enclosed with painted wood siding and a galvanized metal roof.
 Maple Leaf Square is a residential office retail entertainment and hotel complex in Toronto Canada. It is located to the west of the Air Canada Centre in Downtown Toronto in the former Railway Lands. The $500 million development was jointly developed by Cadillac Fairview Lanterra and Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (MLSE) who owns the nearby Air Canada Centre. The complex has 1800000 square feet (170000 m2) of usable space covering 2.1 acres (8500 m2) on one city block.
 The Nasīr al-Mulk Mosque (Persian: مسجد نصیر الملك‎ - Masjed-e Naseer ol Molk) or Pink Mosque is a traditional mosque in Shiraz Iran located in Goade-e-Araban place (near the famous Shah Cheragh mosque). The mosque was built during the Qājār era and is still in use under protection by Nasir al Mulk's Endowment Foundation. It was built by the order of Mirza Hasan Ali Nasir al Molk one of the lords of the Qajar Dynasty in 1876 and was finished in 1888.
 West Newark School House is a historic church and school located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It is of frame construction and designed in the Greek Revival style. It was built in 1823-1824 as a combined school and church building by members of the West Newark Congregational Church. It served this dual role until 1848 when it became used only as a school. It functioned as a school until 1931.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Plumb Memorial Library in Shelton Connecticut is a Romanesque Revival-style building designed by architect Charles T. Beardsley and built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The building is named in memory of David Wells Plumb. There is an addition that was added in 1975.
 Lansingburgh Village Burial Ground is a historic cemetery located in the Lansingburgh section of Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It was founded in 1771 and contains approximately 350 graves dating to 1912. It contains a number of notable sandstone marble and granite markers that offer a complete catalog of gravestone art from the late 18th through the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Tuckahoe also known as the Leach Mansion or as the Mansion at Tuckahoe is an historic home located at 1921 North East Indian River Drive in Jensen Beach Martin County Florida. The name was thought to be a Native American word for welcome. It is inside the present day Indian RiverSide Park and is atop the Mount Elizabeth Archeological Site which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 14 2002.
 The Sugarloaf School is a school located east of Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built in 1924 by master stonemason H.T. Pugh who popularized the use of lava rock in the Jerome area.
 Cross Creek Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Fayetteville North Carolina on the 401 Bypass between Morganton Road and the All-American Freeway. The mall contains over 100 stores and covers over 1000000 sq ft (93000 m2). of retail space. Its anchors include Belk Macy's J. C. Penney and Sears. The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Kirkwood Hospice is a hospice situated in Dalton Huddersfield in West Yorkshire England. It provides Specialist palliative care for the terminally ill in Kirklees. It was built on the site of the former Mill Hill Isolation Hospital which closed in 1971Kirwood hospice provided help and assistance in the formation of the Laura Crane Trust.
 St. Elizabeth's Church of the Catholic Third Order of Saint Francis is a Gothic church in Wrocław Poland. It is one of the most iconic structures of the city's panorama.
 St. Anthony of Padua Church alternatively known as the Sant'Antonio di Padova Church S. Antonio di Padova St. Antoine or locally as Sent Antuan is a basilica and the largest church of the Roman Catholic Church in Istanbul Turkey. It is located on İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district.Along with the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit (1846) in the Harbiye district St. Louis of the French (1581) and Santa Maria Draperis in Beyoğlu Sts.
 The Harry E. Fife House also known as Beck Home was designed by architect Guy Tilden and was built in 1896. The design reflects Tilden's enduring love of towers....[and was] [b]uilt for HarryFife an early independent insurance man and stock broker.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St. Michael's Church is a parish church in the Church of England in Sutton Bonington Nottinghamshire.The church is a 13th-century Grade II Listed building.
 Pitstone Windmill is a Grade II* listed windmill in the United Kingdom which is thought to date from the early 17th century. It stands in the north east corner of a large field near the parish boundary of Ivinghoe and Pitstone in Buckinghamshire England and belongs today to the National Trust.
 The Formica Building is a mixed-use building in Cincinnati Ohio.
 Galatasaray Museum (officially Galatasaray University Culture&Art Center) (Turkish: Galatasaray Müzesi) is a cultural center in Istanbul Turkey founded in 1868 by Ali Sami Yen to inform the society of the traditions and history of Galatasaray. The museum is open to the public everyday except Mondays.
 Community Christian Church was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and sits across from the Country Club Plaza's main shopping district on Main Street at East 46th Street in Kansas City Missouri.In April 1940 members of the church congregation contracted Wright and asked him to design a new building to replace their previous church which had been destroyed in a fire.
 Gramercy Park Hotel is a luxury hotel located at 2 Lexington Avenue in the Gramercy Park neighborhood of Manhattan New York City adjacent to Gramercy Park. It is known for its rich history.
 The Sebastian Fishing Museum is located in Sebastian Inlet State Park at the Sebastian Inlet State Recreation Area 9700 South Highway A1A Melbourne Beach Florida. It houses historical exhibits of the local fishing industry and its influence on the area.It contains equipment used in commercial fishing and a replica of a vintage fishing house and dock. The museum also displays the history of three local families involved in the fishing industry during its formative years in Sebastian.
 Cliffside is a historic home located near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built in 1835 and is a two-story brick central passage plan dwelling on a high basement in the Federal style. A side passage rear ell was added between about 1850 and 1860. Both sections have low-pitched gable roofs and the front facade features an original single-story tetrastyle Greek Revival portico.
 Sengkang Community Hub (Simplified Chinese: 盛港社区中心) is an amenity centre in Sengkang within the North-East Region of Singapore. The amenity centre is located in the town centre of Sengkang New Town. It serves to provide a one-stop access to community educational health care security and counselling services for the residents of Sengkang New Town.
 The Highland Lodge also known as Pequea is a historic home and resort building complex located at Frederick Frederick County Maryland United States. It consists of a large Victorian period frame house centered at the end of a circular driveway and its complement of outbuildings. The house is large and rambling and considered eclectic in style with a prominent central projecting gable.
 The von KleinSmid Mansion was built for the von KleinSmid family of the DeKalb County city of Sandwich Illinois in the mid-nineteenth century. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The building is located on Sandwich's West Center Street and is under private ownership.It was the childhood home of Rufus B. von KleinSmid former President and Chancellor of the University of Southern California
 Whalsay Parish Church or Whalsay Kirk is a Church of Scotland parish church on the island of Whalsay Shetland Islands Scotland. It lies to the north of the village of Brough on the southern part of a promontory known as Kirk Ness connected to the mainland by a neck of land. It is the main burial ground for villagers of Whalsay. It is one of three churches in the Parish of Nesting the others being at Nesting and Lunnesting. The church is a category B Listed Building.
 Deep Falls is a historic home located at Chaptico St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It began as a one-story four-room frame house that was reportedly built in 1745. The house was apparently extensively remodeled at some time during the last two decades of the 18th century then again during the mid 19th century. Deep Falls has always been in the ownership of the Thomas family descendants of Governor James Thomas of Maryland and the famous Civil War spy Richard Thomas (Zarvona).
 Måsøy Church (Norwegian: Måsøy kirke) is a parish church in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Måsøy on the island of Måsøya. The church is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1953 and seats about 120 people.
 Moses Ross House is a historic home located in Londonderry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is a two-story five bay L-shaped brick dwelling with a full basement and attic. It has a gable roof and features a large two-story pedimented front portico in the Greek Revival style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Woodville also known as the Neville House or John Neville House is a house on Washington Pike (PA 50) south of Heidelberg Pennsylvania. It is significant for its association with John Neville a tax collector whose other house was burned in the Whiskey Rebellion in 1794. The oldest portion of the house dates to 1775 with a main section built a decade later.
 Sherway Gardens is a large retail shopping mall in Toronto Ontario Canada. The mall is located several kilometres west of downtown Toronto in the former suburb of Etobicoke. Sherway is located near the interchange of Highway 427 Queen Elizabeth Way and Gardiner Expressway.The mall opened in 1971. Its original structure covered 850000 square feet (79000 m2) and contained 127 stores. It was expanded in 1975 1987 and 1989.
 Victoria Public Hall or the Town Hall is a historical building in Chennai named after Victoria Empress of India. It is one of the finest examples of British architecture in Chennai and was built to commemorate the golden jubilee of Queen Victoria. It served as a theatre and public assembly room in the late 19th century and the early 20th century. It now houses the South Indian Athletic Association Club.
 The Sunset Esplanade is an outdoor shopping center located in the southeast part of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in 1989 the center is along Tualatin Valley Highway (TV Highway) at Minter Bridge Road and includes about five anchor tenants and about thirty other tenants in a complex with about 363000 square feet (33700 m2) of space.
 The Dirck Westbrook Stone House is located on Old Whitfield Road near the hamlet of Kerhonkson in the Town of Rochester New York United States. It is a stone structure that dates in part to the early 18th century.A century after it was built a larger Greek Revival front was added. The property has otherwise remained intact. In 1999 it and some accompanying outbuildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Peter Tufts House (formerly and incorrectly known as the Cradock House) is a Colonial American house located at 350 Riverside Avenue (formerly known as Ship Street) in Medford Massachusetts. It is currently thought to have been built between 1677-1678. Some historians consider it to be the oldest all-brick house in the United States.
 The Francis M. Drexel School was a historic school in Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. Located along Sixteenth Street the school was designed by Joseph Anschutz and built under the direction of Charles O'Neill Jr. The three-story brick building was built in a regular rectangular plan in the Victorian style of architecture with three chimneys dominating its facade.The school was named for Francis Martin Drexel whose son banker and philanthropist Anthony J.
 Liabygda Church (Norwegian: Liabygda kyrkje) is a parish church in Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Liabygda on the northern shore of the Norddalsfjorden. The church is part of the Liabygda parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1917 by the architect Hans Buchner. The church seats about 165 people.
 The Deschutes County Library building located at 507 N.W. Wall Street in Bend Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The architect was Whitehouse & Church of Portland.The building now serves as an administrative headquarters for the Deschutes Public Library. The Downtown Bend Public Library is located nearby at 601 N.W. Wall Street. The current director of the Deschutes Public Library is Todd Dunkelberg.
 Northway Shopping Center (formerly known as Northway Mall until 2012) is a big box retail center in Colonie New York along Central Avenue (NY Route 5). From 1970 to 1999 it was an enclosed shopping mall with several out buildings. It is located across Central Avenue from Colonie Center an enclosed shopping mall.
 The Van Buren Presbyterian Church (also known as Van Buren Women's Literary Club) is a historic Presbyterian church building at 421 Webster Street in Van Buren Arkansas.Built in 1903 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009 under the name of Old School Presbyterian Church.
 Manipal Hospitals Klang formerly known as Arunamari Specialist Medical Centre is a private medical facility located in the south of the royal town of Klang Selangor Malaysia. Manipal Hospitals Klang provides primary and selected tertiary care services.
 Oakley also been known as the Dr. John W. Franklin House is a historic house near Gallatin Tennessee overlooking Old Hickory Lake. It was built in 1852 to a design by architect William Strickland. Oakley was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included two contributing buildings and a contributing structure on 1.8 acres (0.73 ha).The property is privately owned. It has served as the home and studio of local artist Frank Gee.
 House at 9 Linden Street is a historic house at 9 Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts USA.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 New Synagogue was a synagogue in Oppeln Germany (today Opole Poland). It was built in 1893-1897 designed by Felix Henry. During the Kristallnacht on 9–10 November 1938 Nazis forced Rabbi Hans Hirschberg to setting the building on fire.
 Lincoln Hall on the campus of Berea College in Berea Kentucky is a building built in 1887 that serves as the administration building. It was declared to be a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 St. Philip and St. James Church Booterstown is a church of the Church of Ireland located in Booterstown Dublin.
 St. Andrew's Evangelical Lutheran Church is an Evangelical Lutheran church in downtown Toronto serving the Latvian and Estonian population of Toronto. It is home to two congregations: St. Andrew's Evangelical Lutheran Estonian and St. Andrew's Evangelical Lutheran Latvian.The church was originally built as Old St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church. St. Andrew's Church (Church of Scotland) had dated back to 1830 when Toronto was still the Town of York.
 The Edo-Tokyo Museum (江戸東京博物館 Edo Tōkyō Hakubutsukan) is a museum of the history of Tokyo during the Edo period. It was established in 1993. The main features of the permanent exhibitions are the life-size replica of the Nihonbashi which was the bridge leading into Edo; the Nakamuraza theatre; and scale models of towns and buildings from the Edo Meiji and Shōwa periods.The museum is located in Ryōgoku adjacent to the Ryōgoku Kokugikan. It was designed by Kiyonori Kikutake.
 The United States Daughters of 1812 National Headquarters also known as the Admiral John Henry Upshur House is a Victorian Queen Anne building from 1884 which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was commissioned by near-retirement American admiral John Henry Upshur for architectural design by Frederick C.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 338 Center Street in Henderson Kentucky.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at 203 S. Fourth Street in Murray Kentucky.It was built in 1931 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Fleet Air Arm Museum is devoted to the history of British naval aviation. It has an extensive collection of military and civilian aircraft aero engines models of aircraft and Royal Navy ships (especially aircraft carriers) and paintings and drawings related to naval aviation.
 Hotel Meliá (also known as the Hotel Meliá de Ponce) is a historic colonial style family owned and operated hotel located in the Ponce Historic Zone in Ponce Puerto Rico. It is the oldest continuously operating hotel in Puerto Rico. Hotel Meliá which was founded over 60 years before the much larger Meliá Hotels International chain opened its first lodging facility bears no relation to the multi-hotel chain headquartered in Spain.
 Jervis Public Library is a historic library building located in Rome in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1858 as the residence of John B. Jervis (1795–1885). The original house is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story brick structure with a slate-covered gable roof and cupola. The facade features a 2-story portico supported by four massive Doric order brick columns. A 2-story library extension was added in 1926 and in 1967 a modern library facility was added.
 St Andrew's Church is a former parish church of the Church of Ireland that is located in Andrew Street Dublin Ireland. It now houses the Central Tourist Office.
 The Gasometer Oberhausen is a former gas holder in Oberhausen Germany which has been converted into an exhibition space. It has hosted several large scale exhibitions including two by Christo and Jeanne-Claude. The Gasometer is an industrial landmark and an anchor point of the European Route of Industrial Heritage and the Industrial Heritage Trail. It was built in the 1920s but largely reconstructed after World War II.
 William Shelly School and Annex also known as Eberton School is a historic school building and annex located at West York York County Pennsylvania. The building known as Shelly Annex was built about 1897 as a one-room school. It was enlarged twice between 1898 and 1903 to be a 2 1/2-story gable roofed brick building three bays wide and seven bays deep. The Shelly School was built between 1905 and 1908 in the Italian Renaissance style.
 The Tenczyn Castle otherwise known as the Tęczyn Castle is a medieval castle in the village of Rudno Poland. It was built as a seat of the powerful Tęczyński family. The castle fell into ruin during the Deluge in mid-17th century after being pillaged and burned by Swedish-Brandenburgian forces looking for the Polish Crown Jewels and rumored treasures of the Tęczyński family.
 St Mary and All Saints’ Church Kidderminster is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Kidderminster Worcestershire England.
 St Mary's Chapel Arley is the private chapel to Arley Hall near the village of Arley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The chapel is situated to the northeast of the hall.
 HM Prison Shrewsbury was a Category B/C men's prison located in Shrewsbury Shropshire England. The prison was closed in March 2013.The former prison site is located on Howard Street adjacent to Shrewsbury railway station and is near to the site of the Dana Gaol (where a medieval prison once stood before the railway station was built).
 15 Firwood Fold is a 16th-century house in Bolton Greater Manchester (grid reference SD732111). It is a Grade II* listed building and according to local tradition is the oldest inhabited house in Bolton.
 The Masonic Temple of Newport Lodge No. 445 F. & A.M. is a historic building located in Newport in Herkimer County New York. Built in 1903 as a meeting hall for a local Masonic Lodge the building is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay-wide by three-bay-deep wood frame building with a rectangular main block and square shaped rear wing. It features a two tiered semi-circular entry porch.
 The Museum of Glass (MOG) is a 75000-square-foot art museum in Tacoma Washington dedicated to the medium of glass. Since its inception the Museum of Glass has been committed to creating a space for the celebration of the studio glass movement through nurturing artists implementing education and encouraging creativity.
 Rev. Dr. Elbert S. Porter House also known as Oakledge is a historic home located at Claverack in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1846 and is a Greek Revival–style residence. It is a 2-story three-by-two-bay side entry frame dwelling with a single-storied square-columned porch spanning the facade. The 2-story main block is flanked by small single-story wings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Kannon Do Zen Meditation Center provides Sōtō Zen practice in the San Francisco Peninsula and the South Bay. Named after Kannon the Buddhist personification of compassion the center provides a supportive environment in which Americans can experience traditional Zen teaching.
 St. Mary of Bendones (Spanish: Santa María de Bendones) is a Roman Catholic Asturian Pre-Romanesque church situated in Bendones Spain build between 792 and 842.It was appointed Spanish National Monument in 1958. It has an arcade with side chapels as well as a three-part head with a large transept.
 The California State Capitol is home to the government of California. The building houses the bicameral state legislature and the office of the governor.Located in Sacramento the Neoclassical structure was completed between 1861 and 1874 at the west end of Capitol Park which is framed by L Street to the north N Street to the south 10th Street to the west and 15th Street to the east.
 Stockport Viaduct is a large brick-built bridge which carries the West Coast Main Line across the valley of the River Mersey inStockport Greater Manchester (grid reference SJ89089030). It is the largest brick structure in western Europe and was designed by George Watson Buck for the Manchester and Birmingham Railway and completed in 1840. The viaduct is 33.85 metres (111.1 ft) high.
 The Redstone Historic District is located in and near the unincorporated community of that name in western Pitkin County Colorado United States. It includes the original community of Redstone as built by Colorado Fuel and Iron (CFI) for the coal miners it employed. In 1989 it was recognized as a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Redstone was originally a company town.
 The American Swedish Institute (ASI) is a vibrant museum and cultural center in the Phillips West neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The organization is dedicated to the preservation and study of the historic role Sweden and Americans of Swedish heritage have played in US culture and history.
 Emanuel Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 4301 San Jacinto in Dallas Texas.It was built in 1931 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The congregation is currently affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 Seeley Farmhouse also known as Little Richard's Tavern is a historic home located at Glenville in Schenectady County New York. The L-shaped building consists of two main blocks. The front block took its present form about 1850 and is in an atypical Greek Revival style. It consists of a 2-story central pedimented pavilion with flanking 1 1⁄2-story wings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The St Vincent's Works (grid reference ST602725) is at Silverthorne Lane in Bristol England.The building was built as the offices of a factory by Thomas Royse Lysaght for his brother John Lysaght and possibly completed by R Milverton Drake. The site was previously owned by Acraman and Company and was involved in the manufacture of corrugated-iron and pre-fabricated buildings.
 The Geraldine Milwaukee Depot was built by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (otherwise known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1914. The depot is a rectangular one-story wood frame building built in the Craftsman style. After the completion of The Milwaukee Road's transcontinental extension across the northern tier of states from Chicago Illinois to Tacoma Washington on 1909 it began to build branch lines in order to bring in more business and open new markets.
 St. Andrew's Church West Bromwich England is part of both the Church of England and the Methodist Church through an arrangement known as a local ecumenical partnership. Members of both traditions worship together and play a part in the life of both the Church of England and the Methodist Church throughout West Bromwich. The church is situated at the junction of Dudley Street and Carter's Green.
 The Executive House is a historic site in Clewiston Florida. It is located at 125 West Del Monte Avenue. On February 5 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Joseph's Cathedral (Vietnamese: Nhà thờ Lớn Hà Nội Nhà thờ Chính tòa Thánh Giuse) is a church on Nha Tho (Church) Street in the Hoàn Kiếm District of Hanoi Vietnam. The late 19th-century Gothic Revival (Neo-Gothic style) church serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hanoi to nearly 4 million Catholics in the country.Construction began in 1886 with the architectural style described as resembling Notre Dame de Paris.
 Universalist National Memorial Church (UNMC) is a Unitarian Universalist church located at 1810 16th Street Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C.. Theologically the church describes itself as both liberal Christian and Universalist.
 The DuSable Museum of African American History is the first and oldest museum dedicated to the study and conservation of African American history culture and art. It was founded in 1961 by Dr. Margaret Taylor-Burroughs (sometimes Margaret Burroughs or Margaret Goss Burroughs) her husband Charles Burroughs Gerard Lew Eugene Feldman and others. Dr.
 The Immaculate Conception Parish Church locally known as Santa Maria Church (Filipino: Parokya ng La Purisima Concepcion) (Spanish: Parroquia de la Purísima Concepción) is a Roman Catholic Church located in the municipality of Santa Maria in the province of Bulacan Philippines. It is under the coat of arms and jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Malolos City and Seat of the Episcopal Vicar of the Eastern District of the Diocese of Malolos.
 Allegheny Cemetery is one of the largest and oldest burial grounds in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA.It is a nonsectarian wooded hillside park located at 4734 Butler Street in the Lawrenceville neighborhood and bounded by the Bloomfield Garfield and Stanton Heights areas.
 The Saint Joseph's Church (Bosnian: Crkva svetog Josipa) is a Roman Catholic church in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was proclaimed a national monument of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2008.
 The Charles R. Jonas Federal Building is an historic structure located at 401 West Trade Street in Charlotte North Carolina which has served at various times as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina and a United States post office. Completed in 1915 the building was renamed in honor of long-serving North Carolina Congressman Charles R.
 Mt. Tabor Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Mt. Tabor United Methodist Church is an historic church located at 1421 St. Stephens Church Road in Crownsville Anne Arundel County Maryland. The wood frame building was constructed in 1893. It is rectangular in plan and features a bell tower projecting from the gable front. The bell tower was added between 1923 and 1929 by Henry and John Queen. Also on the property is the Mt. Tabor Good Samaritan Lodge No.
 Zante Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Fort Motte Calhoun County South Carolina. It was built about 1815 and is a 2 1/2-story frame structure with Federal details. It is built upon a stucco-over-brick foundation approximately seven feet high. Both front and rear facades have one-story porches and square wooden columns support the front porch. Several original outbuildings remain on the property.
 The Château de Saint-Côme-d'Olt is a medieval castle in the commune of Saint-Côme-d'Olt in the Aveyron département of France. It was the residence of the lords of Calmont and Castenau and is now the town hall.The castle was built in the 14th century at the heart of the fortified town and was associated with the Castelnau family owners of the area for at least seven centuries. It has been listed since 1999 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Old Farm is a historic First Period house at 9 Maple Street in Wenham Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house the left front and chimney were built first followed by the rooms to the right of the chimney and a rear leanto section. This work was all done in the 17th century but has not been dated with precision. In the late 19th century the rear section was raised to a full two stories and the roof was rebuilt as a gambrel.
 Providence VA Medical Center is a federal government hospital run by the Veterans' Administration at 830 Chalkstone Avenue in Providence Rhode Island. The Providence VA Medical Center was constructed in 1948 after World War II with an additional wing constructed in 1977 and an ambulatory care building built it 1998. The medical center also runs three Community-Based Outpatient Clinics in New Bedford (since 1985) Hyannis (since 1998) and Middletown (since 2000) and the Eagle Square Annex.
 The Historic Beth Joseph Tupper Lake Synagogue and Gallery is a synagogue in Tupper Lake New York that was built in 1905 although it was closed for over three decades.[1] Today it is the oldest synagogue in the Adirondack Mountains but it is only open in the summer. It houses a small museum.
 Berden Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 The McKinley National Memorial in Canton Ohio United States is the final resting place of William McKinley who served as the 25th President of the United States from 1897 to his assassination in 1901. Canton was a significant place in McKinley's life; he lived there practiced as an attorney and conducted his political campaigns from the town.
 The Neville and Helen Farmer Lustron House is a historic enameled steel prefabricated house in Decatur Georgia. Designed and constructed by the Lustron Corporation this example is one of two confirmed to have been built in Decatur. Lustron houses were only produced during a two-year period with 2495 known to have been made. Only roughly 2000 of these are still in existence. Many of those that do remain have been altered significantly.
 The Cathedral Isle of Man known variously as The Cathedral Church of Saint German or Peel Cathedral is located in Peel Isle of Man. The cathedral is also one of the parish churches in the parish of the West Coast which includes the town of Peel and was built 1879-84. It was made the cathedral by Act of Tynwald in 1980.
 McKay-Dee Hospital Center is a not-for-profit community focused health system operated by Intermountain Healthcare. With 352 licensed beds (425 total beds) it is the 3rd largest hospital in the Intermountain system and the 4th largest Hospital in Utah.McKay-Dee Hospital offers nationally ranked programs including the Heart and Vascular Institute and Newborn ICU.
 The North Burial Ground is a 110-acre (0.45 km2) cemetery in Providence Rhode Island dating to 1700. It was the first public cemetery in Providence.Providence had no state churches and therefore no adjacent public burial grounds until the year 1700 (64 years after its founding) because Rhode Island's religious and government institutions were so rigorously kept distinct dating back to its founding by Roger Williams in 1636.
 Abbey Presbyterian Church is a church located at Parnell Square Dublin. Designed by architect Andrew Heiton of Perth Scotland it is a decorated Gothic building with a spire 180 feet (54.9 m) high. The church was erected in 1864 with funding from Alexander Findlater a Dublin merchant and is known colloquially as Findlater's church.One of the first preachers was John Hall (1829–1898).
 The Matthew T. Scott House is a historic house located in Chenoa Illinois. Chenoa's founder Matthew T. Scott and his wife Julia Green once lived in the house. It was built in two parts The first section of the House was built in 1855 in a form known informally as a Kentucky Cat Slide[citation needed] and is the caretakers living quarters. The second section of the house the front section was built in 1863 in the form known as Georgian.
 Montrose County Courthouse is a historical courthouse in Montrose Colorado. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.It is also known as 5MN1813.
 West Town Mall is an upscale shopping mall located in Knoxville Tennessee United States. Opened in August 1972 this one-level mall is located in the western portion of Knoxville in the West Hills community. West Town Mall is located along Interstates 40/75 and Kingston Pike. The mall has over 1300000 square feet (120000 m2) of Gross leasable area making it the largest of any enclosed shopping mall in Tennessee.
 Wesley Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 8 North Street in Salem Massachusetts. It is currently affiliated with the United Methodist denomination.
 St Peter's Church Bishopton is in the village of Bishopton County Durham England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Stockton the archdeaconry of Auckland and the diocese of Durham. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 President Plaza (統一廣場) is an Asian-themed shopping mall located in the Golden Village district of Richmond British Columbia at the intersection of Cambie Road at No. 3 Road between Yaohan Centre and Aberdeen Centre.The mall's anchor tenant is T & T Supermarket a supermarket chain based in Richmond.
 Charles McLaran House also known as Riverview is a historic mansion in Columbus Mississippi.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001.It is located at 514 Second Street South in Columbus.
 The Coral Museum (Chinese: 珊瑚法界博物館; pinyin: Shānhú Fǎjiè Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Su-ao Township Yilan County Taiwan.
 The Barnsdall Main Street Well (also known as Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company Well #20 Osage County) is an oil well in the middle of Main Street in the town of Barnsdall Oklahoma. It is believed to be the only such oil well anywhere in the world. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 1 1997 as part of the Energy Related Resources in Northeastern Oklahoma Multiple Property Submission.
 The Hadley Center Historic District is an expansive 2500-acre (1000 ha) historic district encompassing the village center of Hadley Massachusetts. When it was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 the district encompassed the town green and 17 buildings that faced it at the junction of Russell Street (Massachusetts Route 9) and Middle Street (Massachusetts Route 47).
 Warrens Bakery is Cornwall's oldest commercial bakery as well as being the oldest pasty producer in the world regularly winning awards for its products. It is a premium producer renowned for its artisan products including savouries scones heritage biscuits saffron cake speciality breads muffins cakes sweet treats and many other award winning products.
 Versailles is a historic home located at Burgess Northumberland County Virginia. It was built between 1853 and 1857 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay frame I-house dwelling with Greek Revival style design elements. It measures approximately 46 feet by 30 feet and is topped by a gable roof. The front facade features a two-story pedimented entrance porch with a classical entablature and second floor balcony.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Rye Meeting House also known as Milton Mission Chapel Grace Chapel and the Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Rye Westchester County New York. The property is adjacent to the Bird Homestead. It is a one-story wood frame building on a stone foundation with two main volumes a nave and an asymmetrical transept. The exterior is sheathed in clapboard and shingles and exhibits characteristics of the Stick style.
 Eastland Mall was a shopping mall in Charlotte North Carolina. The center opened in 1975 as the then-largest mall in North Carolina with three anchor department stores Belk J.C. Penney and Ivey's and a Sears store joined four years later. Burlington Coat Factory the mall's final anchor has closed leaving all anchors vacant. The mall was owned by Glimcher Realty Trust and the City of Charlotte.
 The Lancaster County Jail is a three-story stuccoed building in Lancaster South Carolina that was built in 1823 and reflected innovations in jail design.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist located at 924 North First Street in Phoenix Arizona is an historic building that on August 10 1993 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the Roosevelt Community Church. First Church now holds services at 830 North Central Avenue.
 Grove Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district includes all that remains and is associated with The Grove the original homestead area of Rochester's prominent Selden and Ward families.
 The Captain Robert Bennet Forbes House also known as the R. B. Forbes House is a house museum located at 215 Adams Street Milton Massachusetts. It is now a National Historic Landmark and is open several afternoons per week. An admission fee is charged.The house was built in 1833 for their mother by Captain Robert Bennet Forbes John Murray Forbes and their sisters.
 Samuel Adams Warner House is a historic home located at Roslyn in Nassau County New York. It was designed by architect Samuel Adams Warner and built about 1875 and is a 1 1⁄2-story vernacular Swiss chalet–style frame dwelling on a partially excavated stone basement. It features a broad overhanging gable roof with jerkin heads.
 Swannanoa is an Italianate villa built in 1912 by millionaire and philanthropist James H. Dooley (1841–1922) above Rockfish Gap on the border of northern Nelson County and Augusta County Virginia in the USA.
 The Kitahama is an residential building in Kitahama Chuo-ku Osaka Japan. Rising 209m tall it is the fourth tallest building in Osaka Prefecture and the 22nd tallest building in Japan. It is also the tallest residential building in Japan. The closest train station to it is Kitahama Station.
 Ava Town Hall is a historic town hall building located at Ava in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a two story balloon frame structure with a T shaped floor plan stone foundation and intersecting gable roofs. Also on the property is a small frame privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Crowley Cheese Factory is a historic factory in Healdville Vermont.It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Kona Coffee Living History Farm is located on the Daisaku Uchida Coffee Farm in the Kona District on the Big Island of Hawaiʻi. The 5.5-acre (22000 m2) historic Kona coffee farm first established in 1900.The open air agriculture museum depicts the daily lives of early Japanese immigrants to Hawaii during the period of 1920-1945. It is located at coordinates 19°29′24″N 155°54′49″W the area now known as Captain Cook but the traditional land division (ahupuaʻa) known as Kealakekua.
 The Canton Public Library is a historic Carnegie library building in Canton Ohio United States. It was designed by Guy Tilden as the winning entry in a Carnegie library design competition. The library was built in 1903. It was said in 1973 to be 'one of Tilden's designs most admired by present-day architects' The library moved to another building in 1978 and the original building now houses law offices.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception (commonly known as St. Mary's Cathedral) is a cathedral of the Catholic Church located in Peoria Illinois United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Peoria where the renowned Catholic televangelist and sainthood candidate Archbishop Fulton Sheen was born and raised. The cathedral is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property in the North Side Historic District.
 The National Radio Museum (Chinese: 國家廣播文物館; pinyin: Guójiā Guǎngbò Wénwùguǎn) is a museum about radio broadcasting in Minxiong Township Chiayi County Taiwan.
 St. Elizabeth of Hungary is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. The complex developed over the period 1895-1926 and consists of four buildings: a two-story gable-fronted brick structure erected in 1895 as the original church parish hall and rectory; a large stone Romanesque church building constructed in 1912; a three-story convent built in 1922; and a large three-story parochial school which was added to the site in 1926.
 The Isaac H. Lionberger House at 3630 Grandel Square in Midtown St. Louis Missouri is the last private residence designed by noted American architect Henry Hobson Richardson. Designed in 1885–6 the building was built after Richardson's death. The Lionberger House became a St. Louis Landmark in 1975. In 2005 the house was restored and divided into office and residential space.Isaac H. Lionberger was a well known St.
 Randolph Bainbridge House is a historic house at 133 Grandview Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.The house was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Breeden-Runge Wholesale Grocery Company Building at 108 N. Frederick William St. in Cuero Texas is a brick building that was built in 1911. It served as a warehouse for the firm which was founded in 1911 with a capital stock of $85000.It was designed by architect Jules Leffland. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Edwin Bassett House is a historic house at 115 Prescott Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1850 by Edwin Bassett a maker of shoes for children and infants. The Greek Revival house has a fully pedimented gable a rare feature in Reading. Three bays wide the house follows a typical side hall plan; its entry is flanked by flat pilasters.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Amos Bristol Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at West Meredith in Delaware County New York United States. It was built about 1800 and is a two story five bay building of post and beam construction with wooden plank walls. It sits on a fieldstone foundation and is clad with narrow wooden clapboards.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Saint Peter of Nora (Spanish: Iglesia de San Pedro de Nora) is a Roman Catholic Pre-Romanesque church located in Las Regueras Spain beside the Nora river about 12 km from Oviedo. The church is recorded for the first time in a donation document of Alfonso III of Asturias in 905. Given its similarities with the church of San Julián de los Prados and the church of Santa María de Bendones it was probably built in the times of Alfonso II of Asturias.
 The Prewitt-Allen Archeological Museum is a small archaeology museum at Corban University in Salem Oregon United States. Founded in the 1950s the museum is located in the school’s library on the rural campus. Artifacts and replicas come mainly from the Eastern Mediterranean and include replicas of the Rosetta stone and the Code of Hammurabi alongside a collection of ancient oil lamps and an internationally known papyrus palimpsest. The free museum has over 900 items in its collections.
 Old Lehigh County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. The original section was built between 1814 and 1819 and was a 2 1/2-story stone building with a hipped roof. It was remodeled and enlarged in 1864 in the Italianate style. An addition on the west was added in 1880-1881 and the addition to the north was built in 1914-1916 in the Beaux-Arts style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Riverpoint is a two tower mixed-use building complex located in Limerick. Standing at 58.52 metres (192.0 ft) it is currently the fourth-tallest storeyed building in Ireland the ninth tallest on the island of Ireland and the third-tallest in Munster after the Cork County Hall and The Elysian both in Cork. The Riverpoint Tower is 5.52 m (18.1 ft) taller than the nearby Clarion Hotel Limerick which at 53.0 m (173.9 ft) is the tallest hotel in Ireland.
 The Telephone Co. Building in Grand Forks North Dakota was built in 1904.
 The House at 1646 W. Second Street is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Grip Stave Church (Norwegian: Grip stavkirke) is a historic stave church in the fishing village of Grip in Kristiansund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the small island of Grip about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) northwest of the city of Kristiansund in the Norwegian Sea.
 St Matthias the Apostle Church is an Anglican church in the parish of Colindale London England.
 Semiahmoo Shopping Centre (/ˌsɛmiˈɑːmoʊ/ SEM-ee-AH-moh) named after nearby Semiahmoo Bay is a shopping mall in Surrey British Columbia resting directly against the border with White Rock.
 Woodside Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Woodside United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located on Main Street and North Murderkill Hundred in Woodside Kent County Delaware. It was built in 1889 and is a rectangular frame building in the Late Gothic Revival style. It measures 50 feet 4 inches deep by 30 feet 6 inches wide. It has a steeply pitched gable roof and features a bell tower capped with a steepled square belfry.
 Cathedral of Praise (formerly Manila Bethel Temple) is a Pentecostal Christian Church located in Manila Philippines. The Cathedral of Praise is undershepherded by Pastors David and Beverley Sumrall. The Cathedral of Praise operates a Main Campus on Taft Avenue an East Campus in Shangri-La Mall and a South Campus at the Bellevue Hotel Alabang.
 Nuuk Center also shortened NC is a shopping mall located in Nuuk Greenland. The mall which is the first shopping mall in Greenland was inaugurated on July 27 2012. Located next door to the Katuaq Culture Centre the mall is focused on offering services to a broad spectrum of customers.
 The Dan Hotel Tel Aviv is a luxury hotel on Tel Aviv's sea-front. It was the first hotel of the Dan Hotels chain.
 Bankfield Museum is a grade II listed historic house museum incorporating a regimental museum and textiles gallery in Boothtown Halifax England. It is notable for its past ownership and development by Colonel Edward Akroyd MP and its grand interior.
 The Durant House or Durant–Peterson House is a historic residence in unincorporated St. Charles Township Illinois near St. Charles. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Pigford Building also known as Pythian Castle Hall is a three-story red brick building in downtown Meridian Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979.
 St Bartholomew's Church Barrow is in the village of Great Barrow in the civil parish of Barrow Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester.
 The Church of Our Lady of Good Hope is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Roman Catholic church building located on a bluff overlooking the Mackenzie River in Fort Good Hope Northwest Territories Canada. Only 45 feet by 25 feet in size it was built between 1865 and 1885 as a mission of the Oblate Fathers.
 The Casula Powerhouse is located in Casula New South Wales Australia on the banks of the George's River within the City of Liverpool. Formerly a 1950s power station Casula Powerhouse is currently a multi-arts facility.
 5 Canada Square is a 15-storey 87.7 m (288 ft) office building in the Canary Wharf financial district development of London England.
 Raymondville Parabolic Bridge is a historic lenticular truss bridge located at Raymondville in St. Lawrence County New York. It was constructed in 1886 and spans the Raquette River. It was constructed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. of East Berlin Connecticut. It was closed to vehicular traffic in 1979 was used briefly as a pedestrian bridge. then closed completely to all traffic for safety reasons.
 The Waverly Hills Historic District is a national historic district located at Arlington County Virginia. It contains 439 contributing buildings in a residential neighborhood in North Arlington. The area is the result of the combination of five separate subdivisions platted for development between 1919 and 1939. The dwelling styles include a variety of architectural styles including Tudor Revival Colonial Revival Dutch Colonial Revival Bungalow / Craftsman and Cape Cods.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church in Forest Hills Queens a neighborhood of New York City. It was built in three phases that were completed in 1925 1929 and 1940. The architect was Robert Tappan. The style described as Collegiate Gothic with Arts and Crafts influences was chosen to harmonize with surrounding houses in the upscale Forest Hills Gardens development.
 The Jantzen Knitting Mills Company Building is a building located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Czocha Castle (German: Tzschocha Latin: Caychow) is a defensive castle in the Czocha village (Gmina Lesna) in Lubań County Lower Silesian Voivodeship (southwestern Poland). The castle is located on the Lake Leśnia near the Kwisa river in what is now the Polish part of Upper Lusatia. Czocha castle was built on gneiss rock and its oldest part is the keep to which housing structures were later added.
 The Reformed Church (Romanian: Biserica Reformată; Hungarian: Református templom) is a church in Nuşfalău Romania built in the 15th century.
 Mount Gulian is a reconstructed 18th century Dutch manor house on the Hudson River in the town of Fishkill New York United States of America. The original house served as theheadquarters of Major General Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben during the American Revolutionary War and was the place where the Society of the Cincinnati was founded. The site is registered as a National Historic Landmark.
 Nieuwe Kerk (English: New Church) is a landmark Protestant church in Delft Netherlands. The building is located on Delft Market Square (Markt) opposite to the City Hall (Dutch: Stadhuis). In 1584 William the Silent was entombed here in a mausoleum designed by Hendrick and Pieter de Keyser. Since then members of the House of Orange-Nassau have been entombed in the royal crypt. The latest are Queen Juliana and her husband Prince Bernhard in 2004.
 James B. Carden House is a historic home located near Summersville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1885 and is a two-story T-plan frame Folk Victorian style house. It features a two-story front porch running the full width of the house. Also on the property are an end gable barn and a small workshop. It has been occupied since 1971 by a restaurant known as the Country Road Inn-Mama Jerrols.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Dancing House (Czech: Tančící dům) or Fred and Ginger is the nickname given to the Nationale-Nederlanden building in Prague Czech Republic at Rašínovo nábřeží (Rašín's riverbank). It was designed by the Croatian-Czech architect Vlado Milunić in co-operation with the renowned Canadian-American architect Frank Gehry on a vacant riverfront plot.
 Chewton Glen is a five star hotel and spa located on the edge of the New Forest National Park on the South Coast of England.Chewton Glen House dates from the early 18th century and Captain Frederick Marryat stayed here for periods in the 1840s during which time he was writing the novel The Children of the New Forest. Marryat's brother George owned the property from 1837 until 1855.The property was converted into a hotel in 1962 by the Duval family.
 Centegra Hospital - McHenry is a hospital in McHenry Illinois. Centegra Hospital - McHenry is a part of Centegra Health System. Previously the hospital was called Northern Illinois Medical Center.
 St. Anthony's Hospital is a hospital in St. Petersburg Florida.
 The Ivanhoe (Warakirri) Correctional Centre an Australian minimum security prison for males is located in Ivanhoe New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The centre detains sentenced and unsentenced felons under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation.The majority of inmates are Aboriginal.
 South Union Street Historic District in Concord North Carolina is a historic district that dates from 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The University of Minnesota Armory is a building on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis Minnesota. The Armory was constructed in 1896 after the previous space for military training on the campus burnt in a fire in 1894. The facility served as the primary home for the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team as well as the University of Minnesota Marching Band after its construction.
 Woodchester Villa as known as The Bird House is an historic octagon house located at 15 King Street overlooking the Muskoka River in Bracebridge Ontario. It was built in 1882 and was the home of woolen manufacturer Henry J. Bird. Its walls alternate between 4.5 metres and 5 metres in width. In 1977 the Bracebridge Rotary Club took steps to preserve the property by buying it from the descendants of Henry J. Bird.
 Kjeldebotn Church (Norwegian: Kjeldebotn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Kjeldebotn. The church is part of the Ballangen parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The church was built in 1956. It seats about 200 people and it holds at least one worship service each month.
 The Basilica of St. Francis Xavier is the Catholic parish for the residents of Dyersville Iowa. It is one of 70 basilicas in the United States. The parish is part of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The church was named in honor of the missionary Saint Francis Xavier.
 One Queensridge Place is the name given to two residential skyscrapers located in the affluent Summerlin area of the Las Vegas Valley. Construction began in 2005 and concluded in 2007. The buildings are twins measuring approximately 233.5 feet (71.2 m) high. Each tower has 20 constructed floors with curtain wall facades and distinctive architecture. The resulting large windows allow for views of the Las Vegas Strip and the Red Rock Mountains.
 The William R. and Clarice V. Spurlock Museum better known as the Spurlock Museum is an ethnographic museum at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
 The Post House is a historic house located at 1516 State St. in Alton Illinois. William Post a steamboat captain who later became mayor of Alton built the house in 1837-38. The brick and limestone house is designed in the Greek Revival style. The house's front facade features four Doric columns topped by an entablature and a pedimented gable end. The front porch of the house wraps around both sides each of which has an additional column and a pilaster.
 Chippenham Preceptory was a preceptory in Cambridgeshire England. It was established in 1184 and was dissolved in 1540.
 St. John the Baptist Church is an historic church at 68 Slater in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The church was built in 1925 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.St. Johns Church is very similar to Notre Dame De Guadalupe Church in Montreal also designed by Canadian architect Ernest Cormier.
 The Lincoln Theater is a historic theater in South Los Angeles California. The Moorish Revival building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. Sometimes referred to as the West Coast Apollo the Lincoln Theater was one of the most significant establishments along the Central Avenue Corridor that became the cultural and business hub of the African American community in Los Angeles from the 1920s to the 1950s.
 Lila Gumbaz Ki Masjid in Champaner Gujarat state western India is one of the 114 monuments listed by the Baroda Heritage Trust that are part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is located near the east gate of the former city.
 Hamburg Public Library is a historic library building located at Hamburg Berks County Pennsylvania. It was designed and built in 1903-1904 with funds provided in part by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. It is one of 3000 such libraries constructed between 1885 and 1919. The building is an L-shaped 1 1/2-story brick structure in the Romanesque Revival style. The entrance features a small courtyard and square portico topped by an octagonal turret.
 The Vero Theatre (also known as the Florida Theatre or Theatre Plaza) is a historic theater in Vero Beach Florida. Located at 2036 14th Avenue the Vero Theatre was designed in the Mediterranean Revival style by architect F.H. Trimble. It opened on October 14 1924 as the city's first motion picture theater with its first feature film being the Hunchback of Notre Dame. The theatre became the center of the fight to remove Indian River from St.
 Fletcher Chapel also known as Church of God or Saints of Christ Church is a historic chapel Northwest Washington D.C.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Vestindisk Pakhus (English: West India Warehouse) located on Tolbodgade on the waterfront between Amalienborg Palace and Langelinie is a former 18th-century warehouse in Copenhagen Denmark. It was designed by Caspar Frederik Harsdorff and built from 1780 to 1781 for the Danish West India Company a chartered company responsible for trade on the Danish West Indies.
 Josiah Bartlett House is a house in Kingston New Hampshire.The house was built for Josiah Bartlett around 1774 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The house is located on Main Street opposite Town Hall in Kingston.
 The Fruita Rural Historic District in Capitol Reef National Park comprises a former Mormon agricultural settlement that was active from 1895 to 1947. It includes what remains of the town of Fruita. The Leo R. Holt House oldest in Fruita was built in 1895 and the Fruita schoolhouse in 1896.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 805 1st Street in Franklin Louisiana. Designed by New Orleans architect James Freret for R.W. Micou it was advertised by the Lhote Lumber Company in its 1883 Buyers' Guide.The current Gothic Revival church building was built in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. A parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Louisiana St. Mary's also maintains the historic Trowbridge House just across the street.St.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul & Pacific Railroad-Kittitas Depot is a railroad station in Kittitas Washington that was built in 1909 by the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (the Milwaukee Road) as part of the railroad's Pacific Extension.The depot is a rectangular single-story wood-frame building. It was built to serve the local community by shipping agricultural products. A small rail yard served the potato packing houses.
 The Capt. Joseph Trumble Store and Office also known as War Office was built in 1730.It is located along the 1781 and/or 1782 march routes of Rochambeau's army.It is a .5-acre (0.20 ha) site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.It has been characterized as the most important building in Connecticut associated with the American Revolutionary War. It first served as a country store for Captain Joseph Trumble (1678-1755).
 Maldon Friary was a friary in Essex England.
 Ocoee Dam Number 2 is a hydroelectric dam on the Ocoee River in Polk County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The dam impounds the Ocoee No. 2 Reservoir and is one of four dams on the Toccoa/Ocoee River owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority. Ocoee Dam No. 2— which was completed in 1913— is perhaps most notable for its design which utilizes a wooden flume that carries water from the reservoir down the side of the Ocoee Gorge to the dam's powerhouse 5 miles (8.0 km) downstream.
 Victoria Hall located on High Street Fremantle designed by Talbot Hobbs was built between 1896 and 1897 as St John's Parish Hall and renamed for the diamond jubilee of Queen Victoria in 1897. It was opened by Governor Smith and his wife on 28 September 1897.Victoria Hall one of few goldrush buildings remaining in the east end of High Street sits in a predominantly 1960s streetscape.
 New Harbour Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fall River Massachusetts United States at the intersection of Route 24 and Route 81. Opened in 1971 the mall is noted for having once been the only shopping center in the United States to feature rival department store chains Kmart and Walmart as its anchor stores.
 Charles M. Goodman House is a historic home located at Alexandria Virginia. It consists of a two-story 1870s Victorian-era farmhouse with an unusual International Style addition designed by architect Charles M. Goodman in 1954. Also on the property are the contributing stone-lined well (c. 1870s) a wooden fence (1954) and discontinuous low stone walls (1954).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
 Manistee Ranch was founded in 1897 by Herbert W. Hamilton a native of Wisconsin. The ranch located in the town of Glendale Arizona was rich in citrus fruits and dates. The ranch has all of its historical structures restored. It is administered by the Parks and Recreation Department of Glendale. On April 9 1998 Manistee Ranch was listed in the National Register of Historical Places.
 Kern Bridge or Yaeger Bridge crosses the Le Sueur River in Blue Earth County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was built in 1873 using a bowstring through truss design by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company. It is 183.5 feet (56 m) long and carries a local road.
 The Goodyear Polymer Center (more commonly referred to simply as the polymer building) is a 146000 sq. ft. research facility located at the University of Akron in Akron Ohio. It consists of 12-story and 9-story towers connected by glass-enclosed walkways that serve as areas for informal interaction.
 The Blackford County Courthouse is a historic building located in Hartford City Indiana the county seat of Blackford County. The building stands on a public square in the city's downtown commercial district. Built during the Indiana Gas Boom most of the construction work was completed in 1894. The current courthouse was preceded by an other courthouse building on the same site which was declared inadequate by a judge in 1893 and was torn down.
 The Montefiore Synagogue is the former private synagogue of Sir Moses Montefiore. It is an 1833 Grade II* listed building in Ramsgate Kent England.
 The Metamora Courthouse State Historic Site is a historic American courthouse located in Metamora Illinois the former county seat of Woodford County. The courthouse was built in 1845 as the governmental center for Woodford County and as a circuit court for the former Illinois Eighth Circuit. The courthouse is best known for being one of only two surviving Illinois circuit courthouses where future U.S. President Abraham Lincoln practiced law.
 Carolina Methodist Church is a historic church in Rosston Arkansas.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 St. Paul Cathedral is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul Alberta.[1] The cathedral is located in St. Paul Alberta on Alberta Highway 29 near downtown. The current rector of the cathedral is Rev. Gerard Gautier. Services are conducted in both French and English. The church has been the seat of the bishop of the diocese since its formation on August 7 1948. The parish associated with the church has been in existence since 1859. [2].
 The Chicago Board of Trade Building is a skyscraper located in Chicago Illinois United States. It stands at 141 W. Jackson Boulevard at the foot of the LaSalle Street canyon in the Loop community area in Cook County. Built in 1930 and first designated a Chicago Landmark on May 4 1977 the building was listed as a National Historic Landmark on June 2 1978. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 16 1978.
 The Gowan Block also known as the Masonic Block was built as a commercial building and meeting hall located at 416 Ashmun Street in Sault Ste. Marie Michigan. Along with the next-door Adams Building it is now part of the Park Place City Center a mixed commercial and residential development. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 St. Thomas Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Orange Orange County Virginia. It is a rectangular brick structure measuring 40 feet wide and 105 feet deep. The front facade features a recessed portico with two Doric columns flanked by two Doric pilasters. Atop the gable roof is a three stage tower topped by an octagonal cupola. The original church building was built in 1833-1834 and measured approximately 40 feet wide and 65 feet deep. It was built by William B.
 30 Pall Mall is an office building approved for construction in the commercial district of Liverpool England. It will have office space of 22110 m2 (238000 sq ft) of floorspace and stand 18-storeys tall it is likely to become the 13th tallest building in Liverpool upon completion.
 The Tan Tock Seng Hospital (Abbreviation: TTSH; Chinese: 陈笃生医院; Malay: Hospital Tan Tock Seng) is the third-largest hospital in Singapore after the Institute of Mental Health (Singapore) and Singapore General Hospital but its accident and emergency department is the busiest in the country largely due to its geographically centralised location.
 St Beuno's Church Aberffraw is a 12th-century parish church in Anglesey north Wales. A church was established in Aberffraw in the 7th century by St Beuno who became the abbot of Clynnog Fawr Gwynedd. St Beuno's may have been used as a royal chapel during the early Middle Ages as the princes of Gwynedd had a court in Aberffraw.
 The Longwood trolleybus turntable formed part of the Huddersfield trolleybus system which served the market town of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire England.
 The J. Vivian Jr. and Company Building is a commercial building located at 342 Hecla Street in Laurium Michigan. in the Italian Renaissance Revival and Italianate architectural styles it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Heart Hospital is a specialist cardiac hospital located in London United Kingdom. It is part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and is closely associated with University College London (UCL).The Heart Hospital conducts over 1000 surgical heart operations each year has 95 in-patient beds and is one of the largest cardiac centres in the UK. It treats around 1700 new outpatients 5500 follow-up outpatients and 1200 inpatients each year.
 The John and Susanna Ahlf House is a historic residence in Grants Pass Oregon United States. Built in 1902 it is the finest remaining example of the Queen Anne style in Grants Pass and was the most prominent home in the city prior to World War I. It was built for John Ahlf (1856–1932) a German immigrant and meat packer who became one of the leading businessmen of the Rogue Valley.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Elk Landing is the name of a historic home located at Elkton Cecil County Maryland. The house at Elk Landing was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It is a two story fieldstone dwelling three bays wide by two bays deep with a gable roof dating to about 1780. Its interior features a corner fireplace in its northeast corner as well as a full basement.
 The Yorkshire Museum of Farming is located in Murton Park near York in England. It is housed on a grass field site of approximately 14 acres (5.7 ha) and is the only museum in the district specifically dedicated to the subject of farming. In the autumn of 2010 the museum was awarded full accreditation status by the Museums Libraries and archives Council (MLA). The museum has built up a large collection of artefacts that illustrate the history of farm mechanisation.
 Marshall House also known as McNeil House is a historic home located at New Cumberland Hancock County West Virginia. It was built in 1887 and is a 2 1/2 story Queen Anne style brick dwelling. It was built by West Virginia State Senator Oliver S. Marshall (1850-1934) and remained his home until his death.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Australian Age of Dinosaurs Ltd (AAOD) is a not for profit organisation located in Winton Queensland and founded by David and Judy Elliott in 2003. The organisation’s activities include operation of the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum of Natural History (the Museum) which holds annual dinosaur digs in the Winton Formation of western Queensland and oversees the year-round operation of Australia’s most productive dinosaur fossil preparation laboratory.
 Woodrow Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 1109 Woodrow Road in Woodrow Staten Island New York. It was built in 1842 and is a wood frame clapboard sided temple form Greek Revival style building. It features a portico with four Doric order columns supporting a plain entabulature and unadorned pediment. Above the portico is a three stage open bell tower and spire in a vernacular Italianate style added in 1876.
 The Café A Brasileira (The Brazilian Cafe) is one of the oldest and most famous cafés in the old quarter of Lisbon in the civil parish of Sacramento. Located at 120 Rua Garrett at one end of the Largo do Chiado (Chiado Square) in the district of the same name near the Baixa-Chiado metro stop and close to the University ensuring its café and terrace are never empty.
 Windmill at Water Mill is an historic mill on NY 27 and Halsey Lane in Southampton New York.The mill was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at 612 Throckmorton Street in Fort Worth Texas. It was founded in 1855 making it the oldest continuously operating church established in Fort Worth Texas.[1] The present building at 6th and Throckmorton dates back to 1915. It was designed by architects E.W. Van Slyke and Clyde Woodruff in a Renaissance Revival style.
 The Bauhaus Center is an organization dedicated to creating a platform for Bauhaus architecture and design in the city of Tel Aviv Israel. The buildings designed in the international style commonly known as Bauhaus comprise most of the center of Tel Aviv known as The White City. The vision behind the Center is to raise awareness to the Bauhaus heritage and be part of the cultural and artistic development in Tel Aviv.
 The Church of St Anne is a Church of Ireland church located in the Shandon district of Cork city in Ireland. It is situated a top a hill overlooking the River Lee and the church tower of is a noted landmark and symbol of the city. The church bells were popularised in song in the 19th century and remain a visitor attraction.
 Shrine of the Immaculate Conception is the second oldest structure in downtown Atlanta Georgia. Designed by local architect Wiiliam H. Parkins the cornerstone was laid September 1 1869 by poet Abram Joseph Ryan. It was completed and dedicated in 1873 and is still in use. It replaced a frame structure on the same site that was famously saved from the burning of the city in 1864.
 Newark Symphony Hall at 1020 Broad Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was known for many years as The Mosque Theater.
 Spencer Park Dentzel Carousel also known as Riverside Park Dentzel Carousel or Logansport Carousel is a carousel in Riverside Park of Logansport Indiana.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.Two other existing Dentzel carousels are declared National Historic Landmarks. The Highland Park Dentzel Carousel and Shelter Building survives in Mississippi and the Broad Ripple Park Carousel is in Indianapolis.
 The Wailuku Civic Center Historic District is a group of four historic buildings and one non-contributing property in Wailuku Maui Hawaii that currently house the governmental offices of both the County of Maui and the State of Hawaii. The historic buildings were built during a time span from 1901 to 1931. They incorporate several architectural styles and two of the four historic buildings were designed and built by Hawaii based architect C.W. Dickey.
 Avalon is a historic home located near New Windsor Carroll County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story early-19th-century brick house constructed c. 1814 and reflecting Neoclassical architecture influence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 THEMUSEUM (formerly the Waterloo Regional Children's Museum) in Kitchener Ontario Canada opened to the public in September 2003 following eight years of planning and fundraising. THEMUSEUM as it was renamed in 2010 offers a range of interactive exhibits designed for young people to touch and enjoy.
 Untere Burg (Lower Castle) also known colloquially as Burg Alt-Schellenberg (Castle of Alt-Schellenberg) is a castle ruin located in the municipality of Schellenberg Liechtenstein. It lies at the edge of a local forest a few hundred meters north of the main road between Vorderer Schellenberg and Mittleler Schellenberg (two of the burroughs in the village of Alt-Schellenberg). It is freely open to tourists and accessible by foot or mountain bike via a local footpath.
 US Post Office-Quincy Main is a historic post office at 47 Washington Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Darlington Schoolhouse is located in the Darlington section of Mahwah Bergen County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14 2008. The first floor of the schoolhouse consists of a large room in which grades one through eight were taught. The second floor served as a community hall and as a chapel used by members of the Dutch Reformed Church at Romopock.
 Voorhees Town Center (formerly Echelon Mall) is a regional shopping mall and a future residential area located in Voorhees Township New Jersey United States. It was built in 1970 and was named after an airfield called Echelon Airfield that used to be where the mall stands today.
 Dolans is a music venue and pub in Limerick city Ireland.
 St Paul's Church also commonly known as the Actors' Church is a church designed by Inigo Jones as part of a commission by Francis Russell 4th Earl of Bedford in 1631 to create houses and buildings fitt for the habitacons of Gentlemen and men of ability in Covent Garden London England.As well as being the parish church of Covent Garden the church gained its nickname by a long association with the theatre community.
 The Victory Monument created by sculptor Leonard Crunelle was built to honor the Eighth Regiment of the Illinois National Guard an African-American unit that served in France during World War I. It is located in the Black Metropolis-Bronzeville District in the Douglas community area of Chicago Illinois. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on September 9 1998. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 1986.
 Chericoke is a historic home and national historic district located near Falls in King William County Virginia. It was built by Carter Braxton (a signer of the Declaration of Independence) in 1767. Located several miles northwest of his family's estate of Elsing Green Chericoke served as Braxton's home from 1767 to 1786. When he died in 1797 Braxton was buried at Chericoke in the adjoining family cemetery. The structure was rebuilt in brick in the Federal style by his grandson Dr.
 The Alberta Railway Museum (ARM) located in the north end of Edmonton Alberta houses a collection of railway equipment and buildings. It has locomotives from both the Canadian National Railways (CNR) and Northern Alberta Railways (NAR).
 Great Mosque of Medan or known as Masjid Raya Medan and Masjid Raya Al Mashun is a mosque located in Medan Indonesia. The mosque was built in the year 1906 and completed in 1909. In beginning of its establishment this mosque merges with palace complex. Its architectural style is typical Middle East India and Spain. This mosque has octagonal shape and has a wing on the south east north and west.
 Keens Steakhouse is a steakhouse restaurant located at 72 West 36th Street (between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue) in the Garment District in Manhattan New York City. The restaurant houses more than 50000 smoking pipes making it one of the largest collections in the world.
 C3 Church Global formerly known as Christian City Church International (C3i) is a Charismatic movement founded by Phil Pringle and Christine Pringle. The first church was started at Dee Why on the Northern Beaches of Sydney Australia and is now located in Oxford Falls. The movement changed its name to C3 Church in September 2008.
 The Church of the Sacred Hearts of Mary and Jesus was a former Roman Catholic parish church primarily serving Italian Americans that was demolished. The church was first located on President Street off of Van Brunt Street and then on Degraw and Hicks Streets Brooklyn Heights New York City. The Catholic Mission of the Italian Colony of the City of Brooklyn was established in 1882 by Fr. Joseph Fransioli (sometimes spelled Francioli) in St. Peter’s Church (corner of Warren and Hicks Streets).
 Ferndale Baptist Church is a Baptist Union affiliated church in Southend-on-Sea Essex.The church's pastor is Stephen Dray who edits the Christian Journal 'Evangel' and who is a regular contributor to Evangelicals Now.In 2006 the church was involved in ensuring the continuing survival of a community hall on the nearby St Luke's estate.
 District 6 Schoolhouse is an historic school located at 347 Willett Avenue in East Providence Rhode IslandThe house was constructed in 1864 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 28 1980.
 Cibo Espresso commonly Cibo is a café and coffee shop franchise based in Adelaide South Australia. It was founded in 2000 and now has 16 locations in Adelaide and 3 in Queensland with an expectation of expanding interstate. The café aims to deliver traditional Italian food made from local ingredients in an Italian atmosphere.
 James Benjamin Homestead is a historic home located at Flanders in Suffolk County New York. It consists of a main section built about 1785 which is a two story center entrance residence and one and two story rear additions built abouut 1900. Also on the property is a small late 19th century barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Albert S. Sholes House located in Cornelius Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Built in 1909 the bungalow was designed by Richard Martin Jr. for banker Albert Sholes.
 The Eduardo Sívori Museum (Museo de Artes Plásticas Eduardo Sívori) is a municipal art museum in Buenos Aires Argentina.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in Southrop a Cotswolds village in the English county of Gloucestershire. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Gloucester and the archdeaconry of Cheltenham. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage. The church—on the site of an older structure—dates from the 12th century.
 Christian Habeck Farm also known as the Abraham Brubaker Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at East Hempfield Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes 12 contributing buildings. They include the brick farmhouse a frame Pennsylvania bank barn (1869) spring house (c. 1876) two frame tobacco barns (c. 1920) a brick tenant house (c. 1880) a summer kitchen (c. 1876) a pigsty (c. 1900) a milk house and a creamery (c. 1910).
 The George W. Morton House is a property in Nolensville Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It was built c.1870.The property's eligibility for NRHP listing was addressed in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Charles Brooks House is a historic house at 309 High Street in Medford Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house with brick side walls each of which has two chimneys built into it. The house is estimated to have been built around 1780 early in the Federal period. It has exterior details that are now rare in Medford including corner quoining and cornice detailing. The house is most notable however for its association with Rev.
 The Church of St. Nicholas is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 125 East 2nd Street in Manhattan New York City.
 Dundee Lodge is a farm with several buildings built in the 1920s located near Gaston in the U.S. state of Oregon. The rustic property in rural Washington County was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Also known as the Dee Brook Farm (or Deebrook Farm) the property contains three buildings designed by E. E. Green.
 Daniel Webster Robinson House is an historic private residence designed by the Boston firm of Peabody and Searns and built in 1885-1886 for prepared lumber magnate Daniel Webster Robinson. As a private residence it is not accessible to the public. Since 1931 the Daniel Webster Robinson House has been the headquarters of the Alpha Iota Chapter of the Alpha Chi Omega Sorority affiliated with the University of Vermont.
 Hunt House is a historic home located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It was built about 1830 and is a two-story brick dwelling with a distinctive pedimented portico supported by four Doric order columns. The home was renovated to its current appearance in the 1920s. The home is notable as the residence of Mrs. Jane C.
 The Luzon Building was a historic six-story building at 1302 Pacific Avenue in downtown Tacoma Washington designed by Chicago architects Daniel Burnham and John Root.The Luzon was built in 1890–1891 as the Pacific National Bank which had a first floor entrance on Pacific Avenue and a second floor entrance on Commerce Avenue. Both floors contained businesses such as W.L. Davis & Sons Co.
 Princeton Cemetery in Princeton Arkansas dates from 1849. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Red Run Lodge is a historic hotel complex located at Washington Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of 16 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure (stone wall). The buildings are the lodge cabins bath house and fruit stand. The buildings were built in 1939 and are constructed of chestnut logs with concrete chinking in a log cabin style. The lodge and cabins closed about 1965.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Wheel of Manchester is a transportable Ferris wheel installation at Piccadilly Gardens Manchester England. The current incarnation has operated since 2013. The wheel was originally a smaller installation based in Exchange Square first assembled in 2004. The wheel's size was increased to 60 metres (197 ft) in 2007 and plans existed to increase this further. However these plans were never submitted.
 The Church of the Free Port (Danish: Frihavnskirken) is a Church of Denmark parish church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen Denmark. It was built in 1905 to designs by Thorvald Jørgensen best known for his design of Christiansborg Palace home to the Danish Parliament. It takes its name from the Freeport of Copenhagen which had been established on the coast just east of the church a decade earlier.
 The Hurt Building is a 17-story building at 50 Hurt Plaza in Atlanta Georgia. Built between 1913 and 1926 the bulk of the building was completed in 1913 with a courtyard entry rotunda and a wing extending final completion to 1926. It was built by Joel Hurt an Atlanta developer to a design by the New York architectural firm of J.E.R. Carpenter. The Hurt Building is a flatiron building occupying a triangular site with the rotunda at the apex.
 The Sayed al-Hashim Mosque (Arabic: مسجد السيد هاشم‎ Masjid as-Sayed Hāshim) is one of the largest and oldest mosques in Gaza located in the ad-Darrāj Quarter of the Old City off of al-Wehda Street. The tomb of Hashim ibn Abd al-Manaf Muhammad's great grandfather who died in Gaza during a trading voyage is located under the dome of the mosque according to Muslim tradition.A mosque and hostel have been located at the present site since at least the 12th century CE.
 The Llao Llao Hotel is located in the tourist resort of San Carlos de Bariloche within the province of Río Negro Argentina.This famous hotel is situated in the foothills of the Andes on a hill between the Moreno Lake and Nahuel Huapi lakes.
 Ermita de Santiago (Monsacro) is a hermitage in Asturias Spain. It is located near the peak of Monsacro.
 Palomar Medical Center (PMC) is a two-campus hospital located in Escondido California. It is operated by the Palomar Pomerado Health (PPH) District which also operates Pomerado Hospital in nearby Poway. PMC is the only designated trauma center in northern San Diego County.PMC opened in 1950 as Palomar Memorial Hospital. A tower addition McLeod Tower was completed in 1974.
 Dōjō-ji (道成寺) is a Tendai school Buddhist temple in Hidakagawa Wakayama Prefecture Japan. Founded in 701 it has given name to a number of plays the statues of Senjū Kannon Nikkō Bosatsu and Gakkō Bosatsu are National Treasures and there are a number of other Important Cultural Properties.
 St Madrona's Church is in Madron Cornwall near Penzance. The church was in early times the mother church of Morval and Penzance.The consecration of Madron Church was performed by the Bishop of Exeter who travelled from Exeter with two archdeacons the chancellor of the cathedral and the Lord Prior of the Knights of St. John in London; with them also travelled an entourage of clergymen knights grooms and servants.
 The Haikou City People's Hospital (海口市人民医院) is located on Renmin Avenue Haidian Island Haikou City Hainan Province China.The hospital was founded in 1901 and has a staff of 2254 people. There are available 1700 beds with a further 1200 planned. The hospital has a total floor space of 250000 square meters containing a approximately 500 million yuan worth of medical equipment.The main building on Renmin Avenue was constructed from about 2008 to 2011.
 S Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Marion Township in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a multiple span 230-foot-long (70 m) stone arch bridge with three spans constructed in 1919. It crosses Tulpehocken Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The bridge appears to have been replaced by a single span concrete bridge before 2013.
 Lancaster Friary was a friary in Lancashire England.
 The James Holes House is a property in Fargo North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It was built in 1879 in Italianate style and was designed and/or built by Pray Brothers. The listing included one contributing building on an area of less than 1 acre (0.40 ha).The property was covered in a study of North Side Fargo MRA.
 Cabrillo National Monument is located at the southern tip of the Point Loma Peninsula in San Diego California. It commemorates the landing of Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo at San Diego Bay on September 28 1542. This event marked the first time that a European expedition had set foot on what later became the West Coast of the United States. The site was designated as California Historical Landmark #56 in 1932.
 The Forge Shopping Centre (also known as Parkhead Forge) exists in the east end of Glasgow in Parkhead. The shopping centre bore the name from the former William Beardmore and Company steel works site that had closed in 1983.
 The Court House in East Quantoxhead Somerset England has a medieval tower and other parts of the building which date from the 17th century. It has been designated as a grade I listed building.It has been owned by the Luttrell family for many generations
 Julius A. Dargan House also known as the Kollock-Stone House is a historic home located at Darlington Darlington County South Carolina. It was built about 1856 and is a rectangular two-story weatherboarded Greek Revival style residence with interior stuccoed chimneys. It has a hipped roof and features a boxed cornice which is decorated with pendant soffit brackets only on the south elevation.
 Sappony Church also known as Sapony Church and Sappony Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at McKenney Dinwiddie County Virginia. It was built in 1725-1726 and is a one-story three bay long rectangular frame building with a low gable roof. A vestry room was added early in the 19th century; the building was remodeled in the mid-19th century and again in 1870.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Kiev Pechersk Lavra or Kyiv Pechersk Lavra (Ukrainian: Києво-Печерська лавра Kyievo-Pechers’ka lavra Russian: Киeво-Печерская лавра Kievo-Pecherskaja lavra) also known as the Kiev Monastery of the Caves is a historic Orthodox Christian monastery which gave its name to one of the city districts where it is located in Kiev.Since its foundation as the cave monastery in 1051 the Lavra has been a preeminent center of the Eastern Orthodox Christianity in Eastern Europe.
 The Nazareth Convent and Academy in Concordia Kansas is the official Motherhouse and Home for the 160 Sisters of St. Joseph of Concordia. It was built in 1903 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The beautiful Lourdes-Park restored in 1990 offers a place for walking and enjoying nature and the large stained glass window is known as the beacon light of Concordia as it looks over the community from the convent.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Worsthorne is in Church Street in the village of Worsthorne Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Burnley the archdeaconry of Burnley and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Miller Tavern and Farm is a historic home and farm located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. The main house is L shaped and consists of a vernacular tavern building built about 1813 to which is appended a Greek Revival-style I-house built about 1831. The house of painted brick and wood construction. It has an intersecting gable roof structure clad in standing seam metal. Also on the contributing property is the Dr. John Magruder House (c. 1880) privy (c.
 Dream Tower is an under-construction residential building being built in Dubai Marina district of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower will cost AED 1.7 billion the 48 storey residential tower is being built across 67580 sq ft (6278 m2) of land space with total covering area of 750000 sq ft (70000 m2) excluding car parking space.
 Mayfair Mansions Apartments are historic structures located in the Mayfair neighborhood of the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. The garden apartments were built between 1942 and 1946 and they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Kiu Kwan Mansion is a 27-storey 95 m (312 ft) residential skyscraper completed in 1966 at 395 King's Road North Point in British Hong Kong. When it topped out it was the tallest building in Greater China surpassing Park Hotel Shanghai which held the title for 32 years. Kiu Kwan Mansion was refurbished in 1996 and 2007.
 St Cuthbert's Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland within the Presbytery of Edinburgh. The church building is situated off Lothian Road in central Edinburgh at the foot of the castle well below the level of Princes Street surrounded by its churchyard. It was throughout the 19th century a fashionable church preferred by the rich burghers of the developing New Town.[citation needed]
 The Cerulean Tower (セルリアンタワー Serurian Tawā) is a skyscraper in Shibuya Tokyo Japan and the tallest near the Shibuya station. It was completed in 2001 and was built using empty lots formerly occupied by the headquarters of Tokyu Corporation. It is 184 metres tall and has 41 floors as well as 6 underground floors.
 The Douglas Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hoffman Building was located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was built c.1855 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The building was typical of Davenport’s early commercial architecture with a steep-pitched side-gable roof.
 Admiral Hotel is a hotel in central Copenhagen Denmark located on the waterfront between the mouth of the Nyhavn canal and the royal residence Amalienborg Palace. The building is a former warehouse.
 Locks Brasserie is a restaurant in Portobello Dublin Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that has received one Michelin star for 2013.The head chef of Locks Brasserie who earned the star was Rory Carville. He left the restaurant in July 2013 after which Keelan Higgs took over the kitchen.
 Glen Echo is a historic plantation near Ellabelle Georgia United States. The house was built circa 1773 and is an early example of Plantation Plain style.Records show that the land of Glen Echo Plantation was granted in the colonial era through a King's grant to a member of the Bird family.
 The Old Baker County Courthouse built in 1908 is an historic building located at 14 McIver Avenue West in Macclenny Florida. It was designed by Edward Columbus Hosford of Eastman Georgia. On August 21 1986 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is now the Emily Taber Public Library
 Gleneagles Hospital and Medical Centre (Chinese: 鹰 阁 医院) is a 380 bed private hospital located at Napier Road Singapore. It provides medical and surgical services.Founded in 1957 as a 45-bed nursing home. In 1979 it evolved into a 126 bed hospital that provides a wider range of medical services. In 1993 Gleneagles into a tertiary care hospital with a ten-story building. A year later Gleneagles Medical Centre was established with 150 medical specialists.
 Phipps Plaza is an upscale shopping mall located in the affluent Buckhead district of Atlanta. Owned by Simon Property Group the retail center is located at the intersection of Peachtree Road (Georgia SR 141) & Lenox Road (Georgia SR 141 Connector) and sits adjacent to its sister-mall Lenox Square in the heart of Buckhead's commercial center.
 The Centaurus is a mixed use real estate development in the most central location of Islamabad Pakistan. Designed by British architectural firm WS Atkins it comprises three skyscrapers containing corporate offices residential apartments and a 5-star hotel. The tallest skyscrapers in the city have 41 stories and all three are linked by a shopping mall. Interior Design of The Residence and Mall have been designed by ODEION-Turkey. Its estimated cost is $350 million USD.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art (MoCA) is a collecting museum located in the heart of downtown North Miami Florida. MoCA offers visitors both temporary exhibitions and exhibitions of its collection. The 23000-square-foot (2100 m2) structure was designed by the internationally acclaimed architecture firm Gwathmey Siegel & Associates Architects New York which worked in conjunction with the Miami firm of Gelabert-Navia to create the building.
 Rafsnyder-Welsh House is a historic home located in the Rittenhouse Square East neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1855 as a typical brick Philadelphia rowhouse consisting of a front building piazza and back building. It was extensively remodeled and enlarged to its present form in 1893-1894.
 The Silver City Galleria is an enclosed two-level super-regional mall located off Route 24 and Route 140 in Taunton Massachusetts. It covers a leasable area of over 1 million sq ft and serves multiple cities in the region including: Taunton Brockton New Bedford and Fall River.The mall's facilities include 120 retail stores a 10-screen cinema a food court a center court and a children's play area.
 The Alabama Power Headquarters Building is an 18 story (98 m) corporate headquarters building located in Birmingham Alabama. The building completed in 1990 is part of the Alabama Power Headquarters Complex which is composed of four office buildings and a parking garage. The four buildings contain over an estimated 1000000 square feet (93000 m2).
 Boughton Monchelsea Place previously Boughton Court is a 16th-century country house in Boughton Monchelsea Kent England. The first part of the house was built by Robert Rudston circa 1567–75 on the site of an earlier manor house. It has been modified a number of times during its history achieving its present form in 1819.
 The William H. Rose House is located on Tomkins Avenue in Stony Point New York United States. It is an ornate Carpenter Gothic-style house from the mid-19th century with similar outbuildings built for a wealthy local businessman.In order to preserve it during the construction of a nearby senior citizens' home during the late 20th century it was moved from its original site a short distance away and rotated. In 1999 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Horner House and Barn also known as Alexander Horner House and Locust Grive Farm is a historic home and barn located at Cumberland Township Adams County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1819 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay vernacular Federal style dwelling. It has a main block and rear ell and sits on an uncut fieldstone foundation. The bank barn was built in 1840. The barn has two levels and measures 100 feet 6 inches by 50 feet.
 Hollenberg Pony Express Station also known as Cottonwood Pony Express Station was built by Gerat H. Hollenberg in 1858 to serve travelers on the Oregon and California Trails. When the Pony Express was established in 1960 the cabin served riders and provided remounts. The station also served the Butterfield Overland Mail. Hollenberg traded with emigrants on the trails operated the westernmost Pony Express station in Kansas and provided relay services for the Overland Mail.
 The Capitol Center is a high-rise office building in downtown Salem Oregon United States. Finished in 1927 it was originally known as the First National Bank Building and owned by Salem businessman Thomas A. Livesley. The eleven story building was designed by architect Leigh L. Dougan and is the tallest office building in Salem.
 Church of the Assumption Booterstown is a Roman Catholic church located in Booterstown County Dublin Ireland. The church represents the Parish of the Assumption Booterstown which was established in 1616. The present church opened in 1813 and was built as a replacement for the old chapel that existed at the site. The constructed was paid for by Richard FitzWilliam 7th Viscount FitzWilliam who provided it for his Catholic tenants.
 Ashley River Historic District is a historic district near Charleston South Carolina and North Charleston.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Huntingdon Borough Historic District is a national historic district located at Huntingdon in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The district includes 521 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Huntingdon. They date from the late-18th century to the arly-20th century and are primarily two- and three-story brick or frame structures. The buildings are reflective of popular architectural styles including Federal Italianate and Queen Anne.
 The Historic New Orleans Collection (THNOC) is a museum research center and publisher dedicated to the study and preservation of the history and culture of New Orleans and the Gulf South region of the United States. It is located in New Orleans' French Quarter. The institution was established in 1966 by General and Mrs. L.
 The Church of St Mary of the Angels is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore completed in 2004. It is located in the Bukit Batok Planning Area within the West Region of Singapore. Currently the parish is home to some 8500 parishioners. The parish caters to parishioners who come from the different parts of Singapore mainly from Bukit Batok Bukit Gombak Hillview Jurong East and Choa Chu Kang.It grew out of the work of a group of Franciscan friars in the 1950s.
 Aksarben Village is a new million sq ft mixed-use development located on the land of the old Ak-sar-ben coliseum and horse track in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. There is over 750000 sq ft (70000 m2) of space for research and business office and 250000 sq ft (23000 m2) of retail and entertainment space. There are over 500 housing units and a 135-room hotel. There is also a 4.5-acre (1.8 ha) park that features a 90 ft (27 m) tall obelisk.
 The Mount Rubidoux Manor is a 16-story residential tower located in downtown Riverside California. Built in 1971 the tower is used as senior housing by American Baptist Homes of the West (ABHOW). First Baptist Church of Riverside one of the oldest churches in the city raised the money to build the tower.The building has more stories than any other building in Riverside but the nearby 14-story Riverside County Administration Building is slightly taller based on overall height.
 Malabar Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Boyle Heights section of Los Angeles California.The Malabar Branch began in 1914 as a book depository in a Sunday school room at the Brooklyn Heights Methodist Church on the corner of Evergreen Avenue and Malabar Street.
 Abreeza Mall is a large shopping mall complex located at J.P. Laurel Avenue Bajada in Davao City Philippines. It is the first Ayala Shopping Center located in Mindanao. It opened on May 12 2011. It is owned by Accendo Commercial Corporation a joint venture company of Ayala Land and Anflocor.The 3-storey mall lies within a 4-hectare space of the 10-hectare commercial complex. Also in the same complex stands a 4-storey Robinson's Mall.
 Holy Spirit Church Newtown is a parish church in the Church of England located in Newtown Isle of Wight.
 Old Kentuck is located in Holmdel Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1770 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 6 1973.
 Phelps Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Phelps in Ontario County New York. It was built in 1849 and remodeled in 1912-1913. It is architecturally significant as a Greek Revival style town hall with distinguished Neoclassical style modifications. It features an elegant clock tower with paired fluted Corinthian columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The E. William Brackett House located in Yakima Washington was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.Originally located on 80 acres of orchards and farmland the building is currently situated on a three-quarter acre lot the remainder of the property having been subdivided mostly for single family homes. The interior is composed of 6000 square feet of living space symmetrically arranged around a central entry hall.
 Torre Realia BCN (also Torres de Toyo Ito with Hotel Porta Fira) is a skyscraper on the Plaza de Europa in the district of Granvia l'Hospitalet in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat a suburb of Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2009 it has 24 floors and rises 112 meters.
 Earls House Hospital is a hospital located in County Durham England and lies on a large site just north west of Durham city. The hospital is run by Tees Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Trust who also run St Luke's Hospital Middlesbrough and West Park Hospital in Darlington. It formerly served as the headquarters for the old County Durham and Darlington Priority Services NHS trust.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Bismarck North Dakota United States was built in 1912. It was designed by James Knox Taylor and includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. Also known as Federal Building it served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The S&M Cafe was a chain of British cafes based in London. S&M (Search & Meet) also operated the bars on seven Thames Clippers vessels under their 'S & M Ahoy!' brand.The chain closed its last branch on 5 January 2012.
 The Peter Axel Johnson House at 1075 N. 100 East in Pleasant Grove Utah was built in 1876. It includes both Greek Revival architecture and Scandinavian pair house architecture. The house is a one and half story stone house. It was built by Peter Axel Johnson a Mormon who emigrated from Sweden.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Statholdergaarden is a gourmet restaurant in the Kvadraturen sector of central Oslo Norway.The restaurant is led by Bocuse d'Or winning chef Bent Stiansen and his wife Anette Stiansen until her death in May 2010.
 Ullevaal University Hospital (Norwegian: Ullevål universitetssykehus) in Oslo Norway was opened in 1887. From January 1 2009 the hospital is one of the four main campuses of the Oslo University Hospital.
 Camp Hale between Red Cliff and Leadville in the Eagle River valley in Colorado was a U.S. Army training facility constructed in 1942 for what became the 10th Mountain Division. It was named for General Irving Hale.Soldiers were trained in mountain climbing Alpine and Nordic skiing cold-weather survival as well as various weapons and ordnance.
 Samuel Hedges House is a historic home located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It is a two-story L-shaped dwelling with a three-bay wide gable roofed limestone main block and frame ell. The main block was built about 1772 and the addition built in the mid-1850s. It features a pedimented entrance porch supported by Doric order columns.
 Fort Grey TB Hospital is a specialised Provincial government funded TB hospital situated in East London Eastern Cape in South Africa. It was established in 1955 and was previously a SANTA TB hospital.The hospital departments include an Out Patients Department Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS X-Ray Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 Great Falls Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Caney Fork straddling the county line between White County and Warren County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the only dam outside the Tennessee River watershed owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority. The dam impounds the 1830-acre (740 ha) Great Falls Lake and its tailwaters feed into Center Hill Lake.
 Britannia United Church is a United Church of Canada congregation in Ottawa Canada. One of Ottawa's oldest congregations members had been meeting in homes since 1869. The Britannia Heights Methodist Church formed in 1873. It joined the United Church when it was formed in 1925. In 1925 Britannia became officially Britannia United Church. The Britannia United Church has operated out of Pinecrest Road location since 1961.
 The Beaver Creek Ranger Station near Rimrock Arizona was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 10 1993 for its architecture which is of Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served historically as institutional housing and as government office space. The NRHP listing was for three contributing buildings and two other contributing structures on a 47-acre (19 ha) area.
 The McCormick-International Harvester Company Branch House is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Puerto Rico National Cemetery is a United States national cemetery located in the city of Bayamón in the commonwealth of Puerto Rico. It encompasses 108.2 acres (43.8 ha) of land and as of the end of 2005 had 44722 interments. It is the only National Cemetery in Puerto Rico and the only one outside of the mainland United States.
 Brick Academy is the nickname for a Federal-style brick building built in 1809 to meet the growing needs of the Basking Ridge Classical School located in the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township Somerset County New Jersey. That school existed prior to 1799 at least 10 years before the construction of this building in 1809. The brick building was constructed for the elementary school run by local Presbyterian pastor Rev. Robert Finley. This was about halfway through Rev.
 The Hawaii Theatre is a historic Vaudeville theatre and cinema in downtown Honolulu Hawaii. It is listed on the State and National Register of Historic Places.When Consolidated Amusement Company opened it in 1922 local newspapers called it The Pride of the Pacific and considered it the equal in opulence to any theatre in San Francisco or beyond.
 E-Commerce Place (French: Cité du commerce électronique) (CCE) is an office complex of two towers located in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located on René-Lévesque Boulevard West between Mountain Street and Lucien L'Allier Street in Downtown Montreal.It derives its name from the fact that its construction was part of a program grant from the Government of Quebec to promote the development of employment in the field of information technology.
 The Hotel Carter is a historic Manhattan hotel located a half block west of Times Square. The hotel was financed by a $2200000 loan to Harris and Percy Uris by the New York State Title and Mortgage Company in May 1929. It was chartered for $10000 by M.C. Levine of 535 5th Avenue on April 22 1930. Until October 1976 it was called the Dixie Hotel. The building is 24 stories high and at its opening it had 1000 rooms. According to the hotel's website it now has 700 rooms.
 The Dallas Scottish Rite Temple is a monumental structure in the Farmers Market District of downtown Dallas Texas. Constructed in 1913 as an official headquarters for use by the Scottish Rite Masons and other local Masonic lodges it is a fine example of early 20th century Beaux Arts Classical architecture in Texas.
 United States Army Steam Locomotive No. 4039 is located in the Whippany section of Hanover Township Morris County New Jersey United States. The locomotive was built in 1942 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 4 2002. The locomotive is part of the Whippany Railway Museum.
 The Silver Towers are twin residential buildings in the Hell's Kitchen Clinton neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The 60-story buildings stand on the west side of Eleventh Avenue between 41st Street and 42nd Street near the Hudson River and contain 1359 units. The project includes a 75-foot pool the largest in a New York City residential building as well as a quarter-acre public park on the west side of the towers.
 Hirado Castle (平戸城 Hirado-jō) was the seat of the Matsuura clan the daimyo of Hirado Domain of Hizen province Kyūshū. It is located in present-day Hirado city Nagasaki prefecture Japan. It was also known as Kameoka Castle (亀岡城 Kameoka-jō).
 Isetann Cinerama Recto (also known as Isetann Recto) is a shopping mall located at Quezon Boulevard corner C.M. Recto Avenue and Evangelista Street in Manila Philippines. The mall sits in the portion of Estero de Quiapo which became Roman Super Cinerama in 1964 and burnt down in the late 1970s. After the fire The Roman and Rojas families sold their burnt theater to Isetann The mall opened in April 1988 (although Isetann resurrected the Cinerama name after the mall was built).
 The Tyldesley Top Chapel (grid reference SD695019) is a chapel in Tyldesley. It is a Grade II Listed building.Top Chapel was built in 1789 on a site of 1300 square yards at the top of Tyldesley Banks opposite the Square. The site and building materials were all provided by Thomas Johnson. It was properly known as The Lady Huntingdon Chapel but became known as Top Chapel because of its position at the top of Astley Street. Its first minister was J.
 The Gehry Residence is Frank Gehry's own house. It was originally an extension designed by Gehry and built around an existing house. It makes use of unconventional materials such as chain link fences and corrugated steel.It is sometimes considered one of the earliest deconstructivist buildings although Gehry himself denies that it was deconstructivism.The Gehry Residence is located in Santa Monica California.
 The John B. Angier House is a historic house at 129 High Street in Medford Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1842 by Alexander Jackson Davis in a Gothic Revival style and the property was originally landscaped by Andrew Downing. The owner John B. Angier was a prominent local schoolteacher whose pupils included Francis Parkman.
 The Intercession of the Holy Mother of God Russian Orthodox Church of Kanaker (Armenian: Քանաքեռի Սուրբ Տիրամոր Ռուս Ուղղափառ Եկեղեցի Russian: Храм Покрова Пресвятой Богородицы в Канакер) is an active Russian Orthodox church in the old area of Kanaker Yerevan Armenia. It was built in the village of Kanaker -nowadays absorbed by Yerevan- 7 km north of old Yerevan in 1912.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Pollock (FCC Pollock) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Louisiana. It is run by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice and consists of two facilities: Federal Correctional Institution Pollock (FCI Pollock): a medium-security facility. United States Penitentiary Pollock (USP Pollock): a high-security facility with an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security inmates.
 St Mary Magdalene Church is a Anglican parish church of medieval origin in Gedney Lincolnshire. Renowned for its large size in the surrounding low-lying landscape it is commonly known as the Cathedral of the Fens. It is a Grade I listed building.The church is dedicated to St Mary Magdalene. Originating in the 13th century additions and alterations were carried on into the 17th. It was considerably restored in 1890 however the spire to the tower was unfinished and left as a stump.
 National Railway Museum Shildon also known as Locomotion: The National Railway Museum at Shildon or Shildon Locomotion Museum is a railway museum in Shildon County Durham England. The museum is a branch of the National Railway Museum (NRM) which is part of the Science Museum Group (SMG). Shildon acts as an annex with important exhibits on display in the NRM's headquarters at York though major exhibits are regularly rotated.
 Stroudwater Historic District is a historic district in the Stroudwater neighborhood of Portland Maine. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. The Tate House a National Historic Landmark house built in 1755 is located in the district.
 The Collegium Novum (Latin: New College) is the Neo-Gothic main building of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków Poland built in 1873-1887. Based on a design by architect Feliks Księżarski to match the oldest building of the University it was opened for the 500th anniversary of the University's foundation.
 The James A. Walsh United States Courthouse also or formerly named U.S. Post Office and Courthouse is a historic post office and courthouse building located at Tucson at Pima County Arizona. It was a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona.
 First Methodist Church is a historic church at the junction of Chestnut and 4th Streets NW corner in Lewisville Arkansas.It was built in 1913 and added to the National Register in 1996.
 Rainbow Centre Factory Outlet was an enclosed outlet mall in Niagara Falls New York that operated from 1982 to 2000. Its design was unusual in that it was contained within its own parking ramp and opened directly into the Wintergarden an indoor arboretum on its southern end.
 Leland College was a school and college for blacks that in fact was open to all races that was established in 1870. It was established first in New Orleans Louisiana and moved to a location near Baker Louisiana in 1923 after its original buildings burned. The school closed in 1960.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Woodside is a historic home located near Delaplane Fauquier County Virginia. The oldest section was built about 1800 and is located in the rear. It is of hewn log construction (possibly chestnut) clad with a brick veneer in the mid-20th century and connected to the main house by a hyphen. The main house was built in 1848 and is a two-story three bay brick structure in a vernacular Greek Revival style.
 Saint Mary's Cathedral in Hamburg (German: Sankt Mariendom also Mariendom or simply Dom or Domkirche or Hamburger Dom) was the cathedral of the ancient Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hamburg (not to be confused with Hamburg's modern Archdiocese est. 1994) which was merged in personal union with the Diocese of Bremen in 847 and later in real union to form the Archdiocese of Bremen as of 1027. Since then this Dom used to be the concathedral besides Bremen Cathedral in Bremen.
 The Church of Saint Gayane (Armenian: Սուրբ Գայանե եկեղեցի; pronounced Surb Gayane) is a 7th-century Armenian church in Vagharshapat (Etchmiadzin) the religious center of Armenia. It is located within walking distance from the Etchmiadzin Cathedral of 301. St. Gayane was built by Catholicos Ezra I in the year 630.
 Atlantic Terminal and Atlantic Center are shopping malls located on Atlantic Avenue surrounded by Hanson Place Fort Greene Place and Flatbush Avenue in the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn New York.Atlantic Terminal is located across the street from the Atlantic Center Mall (via a small enclosed bridge from Target) and both are under the same management of Forest City Ratner Companies the New York subsidiary of Forest City Enterprises.
 Uptown Somerset Historic District is a national historic district located at Somerset in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 190 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object. It encompasses an area centered on the county government complex and Somerset County Courthouse with the surrounding commercial district residential areas and cemetery.
 St. Joseph's Church and Parochial School is a historic church at 210 W. 13th and 217 W. 13th in Hays Kansas United States. It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2008.
 The Neill-Cochran House Museum is a historic home in north-central Austin Texas a few blocks west of the University of Texas. It was built in 1855 as a suburban estate many years before the surrounding area was settled by other homes and businesses. The two-story Greek Revival home was designed and constructed by noted master builder Abner Cook and features prominent Doric columns and Mr. Cook's signature sheaf of wheat balusters.
 Clement Atkinson Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital building located at Coatesville Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a building in five sections. The original section was the home of Dr. Atkinson and is a 2 1/2-story three-bay brick rowhouse dwelling in the Colonial Revival style. It and a one-story eight-room hospital wing at the rear of the dwelling were built in 1932. A second story was added to the hospital wing in 1937. Later additions took place in 1955 1962 and 1969.
 The Chapel of the Cross is a historic Episcopal church in the Mannsdale area of Madison Mississippi. The brick structure was built circa 1850–52. It is noted for its Gothic Revival architecture which draws heavily from 14th-century English country churches. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 13 1972.
 The Benjamin D. Gullett House is a historic structure in Eutaw Alabama. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 The Wupperman Block/I.O.O.F. Hall is located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Thomas' Church Lancaster is located in Marton Street Lancaster Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Sellers House in Beebe Arkansas is a building from 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Lumber Exchange Building was a building located on U.S. Route 101 in South Bend Washington. It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 19 1988.In February 2006 real estate company LANCO LLC announced an escrow deal to purchase the Lumber Exchange building as part of a development of two adjacent properties.
 The Ubora Towers is a complex of two towers in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The development consists of the Ubora Commercial Tower and the Ubora Residential Tower. Construction of the Ubora Towers was completed in 2011. The Ubora Commercial Tower also known as the Ubora Tower 1 is a 58-floor tower. It will have a total structural height of 256 metres (840 ft). The Ubora Residential Tower or Ubora Tower 2 is a 20-floor tower.
 The First Congregational Church Building (Sioux City) also known as the Sioux City Baptist Church and most recently as Iglesia Pentecostes Evangelica Principe de Paz is a house of worship located at 1301 Nebraska Street Sioux City Iowa in the United States. An architectural rarity it is one of a small group of churches in the Prairie School style of architecture. Designed primarily in the Prairie style with some eclectic touches by noted architect William L.
 Torre La Sagrera also Sagrera Tower also Torre del Triangulo Ferroviario is a skyscraper designed by Frank Gehry that is under construction in Barcelona Catalonia Spain.
 Pearlridge (formerly Pearlridge Center) is the second largest shopping center in Hawaiʻi after Ala Moana and is Hawaiʻi's largest enclosed shopping center located in ʻAiea. Opened in 1972 and expanded in 1976 the enclosed mall is split up into three phases (Uptown Downtown & Phase Three) and overlooks historic Pearl Harbor and the USS Arizona Memorial.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic red brick Gothic Revival church located at 210 Lauderdale Street in Selma Dallas County Alabama United States. The parish was established in 1838 and its original sanctuary building was burned on April 2 1865 during the Battle of Selma with credit for that act going to Union General James H. Wilson.
 Dubovac Castle is a castle in Karlovac Croatia.The Dubovac Castle overlooks the Croatian city Karlovac. Square tower was probably built during the 13th century. In 15th century the castle is rebuilt in renaissance manner. The owners of the castle were various – from Slavonian nobleman family Sudar to famous Croatian counts and dukes Frankopan and Zrinski. From 1671 until 1809 the owners of Dubovac were the Karlovac generals.
 St John the Baptist's Church Knutsford is in the town of Knutsford Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford. Its benefice is combined with that of St John the Evangelist Toft.
 The Richmond Hill Centre for the Performing Arts is a 43000-square-foot (4000 m2) multi-use cultural facility on 1.5 acres (6100 m2) of land directly on Yonge Street in Richmond Hill's downtown core at the corner of Yonge and Wright Streets.
 Priscilla is a classic oyster dredging sloop that was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2006. It is berthed near the Modesty another National Historic Landmark sloop at the Long Island Maritime Museum.
 Jesuit Church (Polish: Kościół Jezuitów) otherwise the Church of the Gracious Mother of God (Kościół Matki Bożej Łaskawej) is an ornate church in Warsaw Poland. Immediately adjacent to St. John's Cathedral it is one of the most notable mannerist churches in Poland's capital. Its beautiful slender tower may be seen from the Old Town Market Place.
 All Saints’ Church Thrumpton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Thrumpton.
 The Collegiate Church of St Mary is a Church of England parish church in the town of Warwick England. It is in the centre of the town just east of the market place. It is a member of the Greater Churches Group.The church has the status of collegiate church as it had a college of secular canons. In governance and religious observance it was similar to a cathedral (although not the seat of a bishop and without diocesan responsibilities).
 Hope Block and Cheapside are two historic commercial buildings located at 22-26 and 40 North Main Street in Providence Rhode Island. The Hope Block was built in 1869 in the Second Empire style. The Cheapside Block was built in 1880 and designed by architects Stone and Carpenter.Both buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and were restored during the 1980s as part of the Rhode Island School of Design.
 Montauk Manor is a historic resort hotel located in the hamlet of Montauk in Suffolk County New York on Long Island. It was built in 1926 by Carl G. Fisher and is a three-story 200-room hotel in the Tudor Revival style. It was designed by Schultze and Weaver the firm responsible for several Miami Beach-area hotels The Breakers in Palm Beach The Biltmore in Los Angeles and The Pierre The Sherry-Netherland and the Waldorf-Astoria in Manhattan New York City.
 Old St. John's Church is a historic church at 600 W. Broad Street in Elyria Ohio.It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Shohola Glen Hotel also known as Rohman's Inn and Shola House is a historic hotel located at Shohola Township Pike County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 and is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped wood frame banked building. It is seven bays wide cross-gabled roof and a full-width front porch. The building was updated in the 1940s after a fire at which time a bowling alley was added.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Centreville Mill is an historic Mill at 3 Bridal Avenue in West Warwick Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1861 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 Reynoldstown is a historic neighborhood on the near east side of Atlanta Georgia located only 2 miles from downtown.
 The Time & Life Building is a 48-story office building located at 1271 Avenue of the Americas (6th Avenue) in Rockefeller Center in New York City. It opened in 1959 and was designed by the Rockefeller family's architect Wallace Harrison of Harrison Abramovitz and Harris. The Time & Life Building was the first of four buildings in Rockefeller Center located on the west side of Sixth Avenue. All were designed by Harrison & Abramowitz & Harris.
 Villa Rozenrust is a restaurant located in Leidschendam in the Netherlands. It is a former fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1976-1989 and 1993-1999.One of the head chefs that worked here was Cees Helder later to become the first Dutch head chef to be rewarded three Michelin stars.
 St Mary of Charity Faversham Parish Church is the Church of England parish church of the town of Faversham in Kent England. The church spire dominates the town's skyline and is visible for some distance.
 25 Churchill Place is a skyscraper under construction in the eastern part of the London financial district Canary Wharf. The building is expected to be completed by 2014.
 The Cranbrook Educational Community a National Historic Landmark in the US state of Michigan was founded in the early 20th century by newspaper mogul George Gough Booth. Cranbrook campus is in the Detroit suburb of Bloomfield Hills consisting of Cranbrook Schools Cranbrook Academy of Art Cranbrook Art Museum Cranbrook Institute of Science and Cranbrook House and Gardens.
 The Glendale Galleria is a large three-story regional shopping mall located in downtown Glendale California USA. It is the second largest mall in Los Angeles County.
 The Van Horn-Ackerman House is located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983. The house was built in 1745 by Barent Van Horn and is referred to as a telescope house because of the way it starts as a small house and larger additions were built later.
 The Museo de Arte Moderno or Museum of Modern Art is located in Chapultepec Park Mexico City Mexico. The museum is part of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes and prepares exhibitions of national and international contemporary artists. The museum also hosts a permanent collection of art from Gelsen Gas Frida Kahlo Olga Costa Diego Rivera David Alfaro Siqueiros José Clemente Orozco Manuel Álvarez Bravo Leonora Carrington Rufino Tamayo Juan Soriano and Vicente Rojo.
 Shun Hing Square (Chinese: 信兴广场) also named Diwang Building (Chinese: 地王大厦) in Shenzhen is a 384-metre-tall (1260 ft) skyscraper in Shenzhen Guangdong province China. It is currently the second tallest in Shenzhen 9th tallest building in mainland China and the 17th tallest in the world. It was the tallest building in China from its completion in 1996 until CITIC Plaza in Guangzhou was completed in 1997.
 The Broad Exchange Building is located at 25 Broad Street Manhattan New York within the Financial District.
 The Ebenezer Grant House at 1653 Main St. in East Windsor Hill Connecticut is a house built mostly during 1757-58. It has significance dating to 1695 when a house was built on the site a house that is believed to be incorporated in the rear ell portion of the later development. The 1757-58 development developed the house to be one among the most elaborate 18th century houses still standing in Connecticut.
 The Ohel Yitzchak Synagogue previously known as the Shomrei ha-Chomos Synagogue and the Ungarin Shul (Hungarian synagogue) is located in the Muslim Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. It was built in the 1870s by Kolel Shomrei HaChomos an organization of Hungarian Jews but was abandoned after the riots of 1938. Although the building was destroyed after 1948 it has recently been acquired by a Religious Zionist group for refurbishment.
 Gen. John Thompson House is a historic home located at College Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1813-1814 and is a two story three-bay Georgian style limestone and sandstone farmhouse with stone kitchen ell. The interior has a traditional center hall plan. A large one-story board-and-batten sided family room addition was built in 1958-1959.
 Baba House is a house located at 157 Neil Road in Singapore showcasing Peranakan history architecture and heritage. It is a traditional Peranakan pre-war terrace-house which formerly owned by 19th-century shipping tycoon Wee Bin who settled in Singapore after arriving from the southern Chinese province of Fujian. The House is also an outpost of the National University of Singapore (NUS) Museum and co-managed by the NUS Centre for the Arts.
 Market House in Fayetteville North Carolina is one of the few structures in America which employs the town hall-market scheme found in England. Meat and produce were sold under the open first-floor arcade while the second floor served as the town hall and general meeting place. The cupola bell still rings breakfast dinner sundown and curfew. Completed in 1832 it was built on the ruins of the old State House and served as a town market until 1906. .
 Bramble Hill is a historic building at 32 Moulton Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The building was built in 1923 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Berkshire Mall is located in Lanesborough Massachusetts located outside of Pittsfield. The mall was built in 1988 and contains approximately 80 shops. It can be reached from both Route 8 and U.S. Route 7. There have been many changes in the mall's anchors since its opening. The mall is owned by The Pyramid Companies.
 Die Pyramide (The Pyramid) is a high-rise building built in 1994/95 and located in the Berlin Borough of Marzahn at the Rhinstraße / Landsberger Allee intersection. The office building and adjacent outbuildings have a combined floor space of 43800 square metres. It was built by Düren-based real estate company Fundus-Gruppe for about 145 million Euros.
 St Bartholomew's Church Goodnestone is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Goodnestone Kent England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The village is some 1.5 miles (2.4 km) east of Faversham to the west of the A299 road.
 Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial at 301 Pine Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania preserves the home of Tadeusz (Thaddeus) Kościuszko. The life and work of the Polish patriot and hero of the American Revolution are commemorated hereKosciuszko returned to America to a hero's welcome after his wounding capture imprisonment and banishment from his native Poland occupied by Russia in 1796.
 For similar uses and terms see Smithsonian (disambiguation).The Smithsonian Castle located near the National Mall in Washington D.C. behind the National Museum of African Art and the Sackler Gallery houses the Smithsonian Institution's administrative offices and information center. The building is constructed of Seneca red sandstone in the faux Norman style (a 12th-century combination of late Romanesque and early Gothic motifs) and is nicknamed the Castle.
 Fernandez Hospital is a premier speciality Hospital for women and newborns in Hyderabad established in 1948. It has been providing efficient reliable and personalized health care of a very high professional level for over 60 years.
 The Broom Building is located at 701 Wheeling Avenue in Cambridge Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register on 1983-02-17.
 Ararat Park Hyatt Moscow is a five-star hotel in central Moscow built in 2002 by Murad Sargsyan a Russian-Armenian businessman. Today it belongs to Samvel Sargsyan who was the governor of Armenia's Vayots Dzor provnce from 2003 to 2007 and a member of the National Assembly of Armenia from 2007 to 2012 from the Republican Party of Armenia.Ararat Park Hyatt Moscow was built on the location of an Armenian restaurant from the Soviet period.
 Olivet Chapel since 1965 known as the A.U.M.P. affiliated St. John's African Union Methodist Protestant Church is a historic Presbyterian African American mission chapel located at Goshen in Orange County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a load-bearing masonry building with a bluestone foundation and topped by a high hipped roof.
 St Nicholas' Church Normanton is a redundant Anglican church in Normanton-on-Cliffe Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands beside the road between Grantham and Lincoln.
 Churchill Apartments is a 310-ft (95 m) skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was built in 1981 and has 33 floors. It is the 33rd-tallest building in the city.
 The Louis and Mathilde Reuter House is a private limestone home in central Austin Texas in the historic Travis Heights neighborhood. The home was built by Louis Rather a local entrepreneur who moved to Austin in 1918 and later opened the city's first self-service grocery store.The home boasts an unusual U-shaped design that combines Spanish Revival and Mission Revival styling with Palladian windows.The home is located at 806 Rosedale Terrace.
 Treasury of Bahman Mirza (Azerbaijani: Bəhmən Mirzə xəzinəsi) also called Bahman Mirza Mausoleum (Azerbaijani: Bəhmən Mirzə xəzinəsi məqbərəsi) is a tomb which was built in honor of the Prince Bahman Mirza Qajar from imperial Turkic speaking Qajar Dynasty of Iran who was a prominent politician in the 19th century Persian Empire and historian.
 Mycenae Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located in the hamlet of Mycenae in the town of Manlius in Onondaga County New York. It is a one story building built of locally quarried limestone with a low pitched gabled roof in the Greek Revival style. The roof features a small belfry. It was built in 1850 and ceased being used as a school in 1936.It is prominently located on NY 5.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Scottish Rite Cathedral in New Castle Pennsylvania United States was designed by Milwaukee architect R. G. Schmidt and built in 1925. First used in November 1926 as a meeting place for Masonic groups it is listed in the National Register of Historic Places in Lawrence County Pennsylvania. Unable to pay taxes during the Great Depression the Masons lost the building to the county but reacquired it in 1940 with the creation of the Cathedral Foundation.
 Mary Park Wilson House also known as Old Stone House Farm and Oban Hall is a historic home located near Gerrardstown Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1825 by William Wilson for his wife Mary Park Wilson. The Federal style rubble stone house has two sections: a three bay two story central block with a three bay two story wing. The central block measures 52 feet wide by 21 feet deep. The wing features a two-story recessed porch.
 Lewis-Gale Medical Center is a hospital in Salem Virginia USA. The hospital has 521 beds and is part of Hospital Corporation of America.
 W. F. DeWitt Hotel is a historic hotel located at Durham in Greene County New York. It was built about 1865 in the Italianate style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Shangri-La Hotel Singapore (Chinese：新加坡香格里拉大酒店) is a five-star deluxe hotel located on Orange Grove Road Orchard Road Singapore.Opened on 23 April 1971 the hotel is the flagship and the first hotel of Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts. The hotel has 747 guestrooms and suites spread over the Tower Wing Garden Wing and Valley Wing 127 serviced apartments and 55 luxurious condominium units.
 The Jewish Military Museum is a museum located in Hendon Barnet North London. It features exhibits about Jews serving in the British armed forces from the 18th century to the present day. It is run by the Association of Jewish Ex-servicemen and Women.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is an historic church in Charleston South Carolina. It is the oldest surviving church building in South Carolina.The church building was built in 1706. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Palmito Ranch Battlefield preserves the location of the last major battle of the American Civil War. Fought near Brownsville Texas the Battle of Palmito Ranch was a victory for the Confederacy. Today the area is relatively unchanged and the marshy windswept prairies are almost the same as they were in 1865. Today over 5400 acres are protected under the National Register of Historic Places list.
 Solheim Church (Norwegian: Solheim kyrkje) is a parish church in Masfjorden in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Solheim along the shore of the Masfjorden. The church is part of the Solheim parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1882 to serve the eastern part of the municipality. The church was built by Ole Syslak and it seats about 200 people.
 The Hodgeman County Courthouse at 500 Main St. in Jetmore Kansas was built in 1929. It was designed and built by Routledge & Hertz of Hutchinson Kansas in an eclectic interpretation of Second Renaissance Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.According to its 2001 NRHP nomination it is the most prominent building in the town of Jetmore. It replaced an 1886 courthouse building on the same site.
 Wing's Neck Light is a historic lighthouse at Wing's Neck Road in the village of Pocasset in Bourne Massachusetts. The light was built in 1849 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The Tome School is a private school located in North East in Cecil County in Maryland USA and is one of the oldest schools in the state of Maryland.
 Northwestern Memorial Hospital (NMH) is a nationally-ranked academic medical center hospital located in downtown Chicago Illinois. It is the primary teaching hospital for Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. Along with its Prentice Women’s Hospital and Stone Institute of Psychiatry the hospital provides a total of 894 inpatient beds and encompasses more than 3 million square feet of medical building space.
 The Children's Hospital for Wales also known as the Children's Hospital Cardiff is a children's hospital in Cardiff Wales. It is situated on the site of the University Hospital of Wales in the Heath area of the city.The hospital is opening in two phases. The first phase opened in 2005. Each floor has its own distinct artwork theme.The hospital serves Cardiff as well as South Mid and West Wales.
 The North Street Friends Meetinghouse is a brick structure on Brick Church Road near Aurora New York. It is significant for its associations with abolition the Underground Railroad and the Women's Rights Movement in Central New York. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Tsan Yuk Hospital (Traditional Chinese: 贊育醫院 ; pinyin: Zànyù Yīyuàn) located on 30 Hospital Road Sai Ying Pun on Hong Kong Island is a public hospital in Hong Kong specializing in obstetrics and gynaecology. It also operates as a teaching and training hospital for the medical and nursing students of Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong.The hospital originally located at No. 36A Western Street Sai Ying Pun moved to the Hospital Road site in 1955.
 Barnsboro Hotel is located in Mantua Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The hotel was built in 1720 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25 1973.
 The Jesse Lee Home for Children is a former home for displaced children in Seward Alaska United States. It was operated by the United Methodist Church from its opening in 1926 until the building suffered damage from a 1964 earthquake and operations were relocated to a new building in Anchorage.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Spanish: Catedral de la Inmaculada Concepción) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Minas Uruguay. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Minas since 1960.Built in Neoclassical style it was consecrated in 1892. It is dedicated to the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary.
 Hyer's Hotel is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 S. Higgins Farm also known as Shady View Farm is a historic home located at Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1865 and is a two-story frame house built in the vernacular Victorian style. It sits on a stuccoed brick foundation and has a hipped roof. It has an irregular four-bay facade features a 2 1/2-story tower set off-center to the west with a pyramidal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Prescott House Museum is a historic house and gardens located in Starr's Point Nova Scotia which is part of the Nova Scotia Museum. Built between 1812 and 1816 by Charles Ramage Prescott as the centrepiece of his country estate called Acacia Grove it is one of the best preserved Georgian houses in Canada.
 The Kitchen Montross & Wilcox Store at 85 Leonard Street between Broadway and Church Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1861 in the Italianate style for a company which dealt in dry goods. The cast iron for the building's facade came from James Bogardus' ironworks one of the few surviving buildings for which that is the case.
 Le Rœulx Castle (French: Château du Rœulx) also known as the Château des Princes de Croÿ or castle of the Princes de Croÿ is a castle in the town of Le Rœulx in the province of Hainaut Belgium.
 The Indian River Citrus Museum is located at 2140 14th Avenue Vero Beach Florida. It houses an exhibit on the citrus industry in Indian River County.
 Reading Railroad Freight Station is a historic railroad freight station located at Lewisburg Union County Pennsylvania. It was originally constructed by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad in 1884. It is a 1 1/2-story brick and frame building in an eclectic Late Victorian style. The roof consists of a hipped form at the north end and jerkin head gable at the south. It features wide overhanging eaves exposed rafters and freight platform.
 Greene County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Stanardsville Greene County Virginia. It was built in 1838-1839 and is a two-story gable roofed brick building. The front facade features a three-bay pedimented tetrastyle portico addition using Tuscan order columns and a Roman Doric entablature added in 1927-1928. The building is topped by a distinctive cupola.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Society Hill Towers is a three-building condominium development located in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The complex contains three 31-story skyscraper buildings with 624 units on a 5-acre (2.0 ha) site. The towers were designed by I.M. Pei and Associates and are constructed of poured-in-place concrete with each apartment featuring floor-to-ceiling windows. Completed in 1964 the apartments were originally rental units but were converted to condominiums in 1979.
 Oakville Place is an indoor shopping mall located in Oakville Ontario Canada. The mall opened in 1981 and underwent extensive renovations completed in 2004 adding new retail space and a new food court and improving the overall interior of the mall. Oakville Place is anchored by The Bay Sears and H&M. The Oakville Place site had been home to a Food City (Canada) grocery store and a Towers department store both located under one roof.
 The Le Royal or Le Royal Hôtel d'Ammān is one of the tallest buildings in Amman Jordan. Located in the 3rd Circle area the building serves as a host of Le Royal Hotel chain in addition to a shopping mall cinemas and commercial offices. The building's original cost of $200 million was increased to $350 million over the course of construction and its also built with a modern way as a clad building .
 Sant'Antonio Abate is an ancient church in Pisa Italy facing the Piazza Sant'Antonio. It was founded in 1341 with an adjacent convent. It was nearly destroyed after World War Two and was rebuilt. The inferior façade in two colors of marble was the design product of Lupo Giovanni di Gante and Simone di Matteo of Siena. The vast 1989 mural of Tuttomondo by Keith Haring was one of the last public works of the graffiti artist.
 Nerskogen Chapel (Norwegian: Nerskogen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Nerskogen. The church is part of the Rennebu parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The church was built in 1962 and it was consecrated on 2 September 1962 by Bishop Tord Godal. The church has about 13 services per year and the building holds about 110 people.
 The SCAD Museum of Art was founded in 2002 as part of the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah Georgia and originally was known as the Earle W. Newton Center for British American Studies. The museum's collection of more than 4500 pieces includes works of haute couture drawings painting sculpture photography prints and more.The SCAD Museum of Art is a teaching museum serving Savannah College of Art and Design students and as well as members of the community and other visitors.
 Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum is museum in downtown Salyersville Kentucky that exhibits a collection of reconstructed log buildings from mostly the eastern region of Kentucky. The Magoffin County Historical Society maintains a Library and Archives Center with a collection of genealogical and historical material at the site.Most of the cabins displayed in the reconstructed village date back to the early 19th century.
 The Catholic Church of St Edward Selly Park Birmingham is a Roman Catholic parish in Selly Park in the Archdiocese of Birmingham.
 Bedford County Alms House also known as Bedford County Home is a historic almshouse and national historic district located at Bedford Township Bedford County Pennsylvania. The district includes six contributing buildings. They are the Alms House (1872-1873) infirmary building (1899) laundry (1900) and a storage shed and two barns built between the early 1900s and about 1950. The Alms House is a four-story brick building 13-bays wide and 3-bays deep.
 Saint Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church on Liberty Street in Chelsea Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1866 and is a small rectangular frame church building in the Gothic Revival style. It has a steeply pitched gable roof topped by a belfry. It features a three-part lancet window.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Benjamin Morton House also known as the Morton-Bush House is a historic brick home located at 4084 Kingston Pike in Knoxville Tennessee.It was constructed in 1927 and designed in the Colonial Revival style by the noted Knoxville architectural firm Baumann and Baumann. The residence carries the name of its early occupant Benjamin Morton (1875–1952). Morton was the president of the wholesale grocer H. T.
 Nihon-ji (日本寺 Nihon-ji) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Kyonan Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple is located on the slopes of Mount Nokogiri and is known for its Nihon-ji Daibutsu. Nihon-ji was established as a Hossō sect temple was transferred to the Tendai sect and is now a Sōtō Zen temple. Since its founding the temple has fallen into ruin and been revived numerous times.
 The Federal Building of the Ent AFB Defense Area is a Formerly Used Defense Site for Cold War military computer systems at Knob Hill in Colorado Springs and adjacent to the US Olympic Training Center's BP service station (separated by the OTC's perimeter fence). The facility was constructed in an excavated embankment at a street corner of the Ent Air Force Base perimeter by 1962 during the city's NORAD expansion.
 Christ Church officially The Parish of Christ Church Hyde Park is a historic church building built in 1893 at 1220 River Road in Hyde Park Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. It is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.Christ Church was the second church building designed by Ralph Adams Cram (after the nearby All Saints' Church Ashmont) who went on to design many church buildings notably the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine New York City.
 Šēnheida Manor also called Šengeida Manor (German: Schönheyden) is a manor house in Šengeida (Šēnheida) Daugavpils municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia.
 The Princeton University Chapel is located on that university's main campus in Princeton New Jersey United States. It replaces an older chapel that burned down in 1920. Designed in 1921 by Ralph Adams Cram in his signature Collegiate Gothic style it was built by the university between 1924 and 1928 at a cost of $2.3 million. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered a sermon there in 1960.
 Bartram's Garden is the oldest surviving botanic garden in North America. Located on the west bank of the Schuylkill River it covers 46 acres (19 ha) and includes an historic botanical garden and arboretum (8 acres (3.2 ha) established circa 1728). The garden is near the intersection of 54th Street and Lindbergh Boulevard Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Special events at the Garden include an annual spring plant sale Mother's Day festivities and a holiday gifts & greens sale.
 Cineworld Glasgow Renfrew Street is a cinema on Renfrew Street Glasgow located in the north east of the city centre it is adjacent to the Buchanan Bus Station and the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall as well as being close to Sauchiehall Street and Buchanan Galleries. At 62 metres high the building is currently the tallest cinema in the world.By 2003 it was the busiest cinema in the United Kingdom by admissions having attracted over 1.8 million patrons that year.
 Euro Tower is a class A office building and the first Green building in Bucharest. It has 18 floors and a surface of 18000 m2. At a height of 80 m (246 ft) the construction was finished in 2012.
 Lafayette Grammar and High School also known as Lafayette I.O.P. Center is a historic school complex located at Norfolk Virginia. The grammar school was built in 1905 and is a two-story brick building in the Colonial Revival style. It has a slate covered hipped roof and arched window openings. The high school was built in 1910 and is a two-story brick building connected to the grammar school.
 The Parachute Regiment and Airborne Forces Museum is now located at Imperial War Museum Duxford. Prior to 2008 it was based at Browning Barracks in the Aldershot Military Town area near Aldershot in Hampshire. As well as the history of Airborne Forces in general in particular the Museum told the story of the The Parachute Regiment which was based in the town from its creation in 1940 until 2003.
 First Presbyterian Church is an historic Presbyterian church building on at 100 West Bridge Street in Wetumpka Alabama. The structure was built in 1856 in a Gothic Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The John T. and Marietta Carey House is a Queen-Anne style house in Denison Iowa built in 1893.
 The Crenshaw House (also known as the Crenshaw Mansion Hickory Hill or most commonly The Old Slave House) is a historic former residence and alleged haunted house located in Gallatin County Illinois. The house was constructed in the 1830s.
 RailsWest Railroad Museum is a railroad museum operated by the Historical Society of Pottawattamie County at 16th Avenue and South Main Street and illustrates the history of railroads in Council Bluffs Iowa.
 The Château de Montpensier is a former castle in the commune of Montpensier in the Lot département of France.
 Peoples National Bank Building-Fries Building are two historic buildings located in downtown Rock Island Illinois United States. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The buildings were built separately but have subsequently been connected on the first three floors.
 The Continental Center is an office skyscraper located on New York City New York.Built in 1983 in the construction of Swanke Hayden Connell Architects the building is 41 stories tall and reaches the maximum height of 169 meters.
 Temple Beth Elohim is a Reform synagogue located at 230 Screven Street in Georgetown South Carolina.
 The Congressional Club (founded in 1908) is an historic residence located at 2001 New Hampshire Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the U Street Corridor neighborhood. The organization it hosts which is the official club of Congressional spouses was created in May 1908 with the Sixtieth Congress passage of HR22029.
 St Mary's Church Kersey is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Kersey Suffolk.
 The Great Synagogue of Florence or Tempio Maggiore is a notable synagogue in Florence Italy.
 The Bay de Noquet Lumber Company Waste Burner is an industrial waste burner located at the south end of River Street in Nahma Township Michigan. It was built to burn waste wood and bark from the nearby sawmill; it is the only known example of this type of waste burner surviving in Michigan and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Chapel of the Most Blessed Sacrament (Building code: MBS; also known as MBS Chapel) is the main and largest chapel of De La Salle University in Manila Philippines. It is located on a second floor of the south-most wing of the St. La Salle Hall the oldest building of the university. The chapel was designed in art deco style by the St.
 St Matthew's Church Cotham is a Church of England parish church in the Cotham area of Bristol England.It is a Gothic Revival building designed by Thomas Rickman built in 1833–35 and now Grade II listed.John Robinson later Bishop of Woolwich and author of Honest to God was a Curate at St Matthew's as his first position after ordination.
 The Indian Dormitory is a Federal-style structure built at U.S. government expense on Mackinac Island Michigan in 1838. It was a pioneering idea in building housing for Native Americans visiting the Indian agency on the island. From 1867 until 1960 it was used as a public school and from 1966 until 2003 as a museum of Native American culture. On July 2 2010 it opened as the Richard and Jane Manoogian Mackinac Art Museum operated by Mackinac State Historic Parks.
 Barboursville is the ruin of the mansion of James Barbour located in Barboursville Virginia. He was the former U.S. Senator U.S. Secretary of War and Virginia Governor. It is now within the property of Barboursville Vineyards. The house was designed by Thomas Jefferson president of the United States and Barbour's friend and political ally. The ruin is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 {Château Lamothe is a château in Gironde Aquitane France. fr:Château Lamothe (Sauternes)|Château Lamothe is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.}
 Highbury also known as Highbury Hall now a Grade II* listed building was commissioned as his Birmingham residence by Joseph Chamberlain in 1878 two years after he became Member of Parliament for Birmingham. It received its name from the Highbury area of London where Chamberlain lived as a child. The architect was John Henry Chamberlain (no relation) who incorporated much terracotta decoration. Joseph Chamberlain lived in Highbury from 1880 until his death in 1914.
 The Sears Tower—Harvard Observatory is an historic astronomical observatory that is part of Harvard Observatory and is located at 60 Garden Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. Now just a portion of the observatory's Building A the Sears Tower is the oldest portion of the complex designed by Isaiah Rogers and constructed in 1843. This structure is a square brick building with a projecting cornice and a Greek Revival entrance framed by pilasters.
 Galleries Maurice Sternberg is the City of Chicago's oldest continually operating art gallery founded in 1945.The gallery was founded by Maurice Sternberg and Judith Sternberg in the arcade of the Drake Hotel. In its early days the gallery became known for exhibiting the work American and European artists including Antoine Blanchard Edouard Cortes and Alexander Calder.Maurice Sternberg died in 1994 and the gallery passed to his wife Judith who directed the gallery until 1999.
 Gammel Køgegård is a manor house located just west of Køge Denmark.
 Jaunsvente Manor (Latvian: Jaunsventes muiža) also called Svente Manor is a manor house in Svente Daugavpils municipality Latvia in the historical region of Selonia. The renovated building is now managed by the SIA “Jaunsventes muiža” which provides accommodations in their 12 rooms each corresponding to one of the twelve months of the year.
 Hotel Crowne Plaza (formerly Hotel Družba Hotel Čedok Hotel International and Hotel Holiday Inn) is the largest Stalinist architecture building in Prague Czech Republic and is located in the Dejvice district. The building was built between 1952 and 1954 at the order of Defence minister Alexej Čepička. It is 88 m high (the roof is 67 m plus a 10 m chalice and a 1.5 m red star) and has sixteen floors.
 American Hotel is a historic hotel located at Sharon Springs in Schoharie County New York. It is a large 3 1⁄2-story wood frame structure built between 1847 and 1851 in the Greek Revival style. It features a recessed 2-story porch with a colonnade of eight pillars with Doric order capitals supporting the roof.
 The Day Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Brownsover is a redundant Anglican church in the former village of Brownsover which is now a suburb of the town of Rugby Warwickshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Amos Fuller House is a historic house at 220 Nehoiden Street in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1754 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Museum of Bad Art (MOBA) is a privately owned museum whose stated aim is to celebrate the labor of artists whose work would be displayed and appreciated in no other forum. It has at least two branches one in Somerville Massachusetts and a second in Brookline Massachusetts.
 Carll Burr Jr. House is a historic home located at Commack in Suffolk County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story shingle and clapboard residence with a sweeping gable roof. It was built about 1895 and features a 3-story three-bay tower with a tent roof. Also on the property is a contributing shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Hollywood United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church located at the intersection of Franklin Avenue and Highland Avenue in the Hollywood Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles California. Its English Gothic architecture and the giant HIV/AIDS Red Ribbon on the bell-tower have made it a prominent landmark in Hollywood.
 The shrine of Fatema Mæ'sume (sister of Imām ʻAlī ibn-Mūsā Riđā) is located in Qom which is considered by Shia Muslims to be the second most sacred city in Iran after Mashhad. Fatima Masumeh was the sister of the eighth Imam 'Ali al-Rida and the daughter of the seventh Imam Musa al-Kadhim (Tabari 60). In Shia Islam women are often revered as saints if they are close relatives to one of the Twelver Imams.
 St Francis of Assisi Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Birmingham. While the church is located between the Lozells and Hockley parts of the city the parish covers most of Handsworth. It was founded in 1840 originally as a chapel in the nearby listed building St. Mary's Convent designed by Augustus Pugin.
 Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church constructed in 1921 is a one-story frame church on the north side of Central Avenue in Landover Prince George's County Maryland. The church was founded in 1871 and a cemetery begun in 1892. It served as the spiritual and social center of the formerly rural African American farming community of Ridgley.The gable-front church consists of a 1921 block on the south and a small 1940s extension on the north.
 Ortnevik Church (Norwegian: Ortnevik kyrkje) is a parish church in Høyanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Ortnevik on the south shore of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Bjordal og Ortnevik parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
 The Warrior Ridge Dam and Hydroelectric Plant is a historic dam and power plant and national historic district spanning the Frankstown Branch Juniata River and located in Logan Township and Porter Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The district includes 5 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures. They are the main dam power plant auxiliary dam and four houses and a former church in the operators village.
 The Benewah Milk Bottle is a landmark in Spokane Washington. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places there are two constructed milk bottle-shaped buildings in the Spokane area which accompanied a successful dairy operation's stores.
 Puente Hills Mall located in the City of Industry California United States is a major regional shopping center in the San Gabriel Valley region of Los Angeles County. It is most famous for serving as the filming site for the Twin Pines/Lone Pine Mall for the 1985 movie Back to the Future starring Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd.
 The Appleton Transit Center is a bus terminus in downtown Appleton Wisconsin located at 100 East Washington Street (on the corner of Washington Street and Oneida Street).
 The Church of Saint-Bruno des Chartreux (French: Église Saint-Bruno des Chartreux or the Church of Saint Bruno of the Carthusians) is a church in Lyon until the French Revolution the church of Lyon Charterhouse (chartreuse de Lyon). It is dedicated to Saint Bruno of Cologne also known as Saint Bruno of the Carthusians and is the city's only Baroque church.
 Great Yarmouth Grey Friary was a Franciscan monastic house in Great Yarmouth Norfolk England which was under the Custody of Cambridge.The monastery was founded c.1226 by Sir William Garbridge enlarged in 1285 and 1290 and dissolved in 1538 as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries under King Henry VIII. It was then granted to Sir Richard Williams alias Cromwell in 1541/2 leased in 1582 as a lodging for important visitors and part used by local civilian militia.
 The Jesus Church (Danish: Jesuskirken) is a church in the Valby district of Copenhagen Denmark commissioned by second-generation Carlsberg brewer Carl Jacobsen and designed by Danish architect Vilhelm Dahlerup. Noted for its extensive ornamentation and artwork it is considered to be one of the country's most idiosyncratic and unconventional churches. The church was built as a mausoleum for Carl Jacobsen and his family. Their sarcophagi lie in the crypt.
 The Providian Financial Building is a skyscraper in San Francisco California. The building rises 417 feet (127 m) in San Francisco's South of Market district. It contains 30 floors and was completed in 1981.The building is located on an unusual trapezoidal midblock lot that extends from Mission Street to Howard Street. When it was constructed the building was flanked by ramps to the Embarcadero Freeway which have since been torn down.
 Children's Hospital of Western Ontario is a major tertiary care paediatric facility in Southwestern Ontario and handles patients in the Greater London Area.
 The Wawel Royal Castle National Art Collection (Polish: Zamek Królewski na Wawelu – Państwowe Zbiory Sztuki) is a historic residence museum housed in the Wawel Castle of Kraków.
 The Walhalla Graded School built in 1901 is an historic building located at 101 E. North Broad Street in Walhalla South Carolina. It was designed by noted Columbia architect William Augustus Edwards of the firm of Edwards and Walter and built by Grandy & Jordan of Greenville.On February 13 1992 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It was still being used then as a public school. It is currently used as the Walhalla Civic Auditorium
 Jerry's Famous Deli (OTC Pink: DELI) is a chain of delicatessens famous for its large menu which has offered as many as 700 items. The original deli was founded in Studio City California in 1978 by Isaac Starkman and Jerry Seidman. The business now comprises eight restaurants in Southern California and one in Miami Beach.Jerry's Famous Deli is noted for its celebrity clientele which has included Adam Sandler Will Smith Shaquille O'Neal and the actors from Seinfeld.
 The Musée de la Faïence de Marseille is a museum in southern Marseille France dedicated to faience a type of pottery.It opened to the public in June 1995 in the Château Pastré at 157 avenue de Montredon 13008 Marseille.
 The Anglican Church of St John the Baptist Westbourne is situated in the village of Westbourne West Sussex. The church is part of the Diocese of Chichester and is dedicated to the beheading of John the Baptist.
 Midtown Crossing at Turner Park is a million square-foot seven-building mixed-use development located in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Its borders are 31st to 33rd streets and Dodge to Harney streets. Downtown Omaha is to the east and the University of Nebraska Medical Center campus as well as the headquarters for Mutual of Omaha Berkshire Hathaway and Kiewit corporations are all located directly west of the development.
 The Sterne-Hoya House Museum and Library is located at 211 S. Lanana in the city and county of Nacogdoches in the U.S. state of Texas. It is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Nacogdoches County and is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark. Davy Crockett was a guest in the house and Sam Houston was baptized in the house.
 The Penniless Porch in Wells Somerset England is an entrance gateway into a walled precinct the Liberty of St Andrew which encloses the twelfth century Cathedral the Bishop's Palace Vicar's Close and the residences of the clergy who serve the cathedral. The Penniless Porch was built around 1450 by Bishop Thomas Beckington (also spelt Beckyngton) and bears his rebus or badge on the cathedral side.
 The ruins of Spiš Castle (Slovak: About this sound Spišský hrad  Hungarian: Szepesi vár German: Zipser Burg) in eastern Slovakia form one of the largest castle sites in Central Europe. The castle is situated above the town of Spišské Podhradie and the village of Žehra in the region known as Spiš (Hungarian: Szepes German: Zips Polish: Spisz Latin: Scepusium).
 The Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium (Dutch: Koninklijke Musea voor Schone Kunsten van België French: Musées royaux des Beaux-Arts de Belgique) is one of the most famous museums in Belgium.
 Serramonte Center is a 865000 sq ft (80400 m2). super-regional shopping mall located in Daly City California. The mall is anchored by Macy's J. C. Penney and Target Greatland.The mall is owned by Capital & Counties and is managed by Jones Lang LaSalle.
 Bethel African American Episcopal Church of Monongahela City is a historic church at the junction of 7th and Main Streets in Monongahela City Pennsylvania.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 2002.It is a brick Gothic Revival style building one of about five Gothic Revival buildings in the city.It is designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 West Laurel Hill Cemetery is a cemetery located in Bala Cynwyd Pennsylvania United States. It is the site of many notable burials and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1992 (#92000991).
 Maplehurst Correctional Complex (also known colloquially as the Milton Hilton) is a correctional facility located in Milton Ontario for males 18 years of age and older. It is a combined maximum security detention centre for remanded prisoners and medium/maximum correctional centre for offenders sentenced to less than two years.
 The Willis M. Graves House is a historic home on Oberlin Road in Raleigh North Carolina. Built in 1875 the single-story house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Timothy Hartshorn House is a historic house at 379 Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1787 by Timothy Hartshorn a farmer and shoemaker and remained in his family for over 100 years. It is a vernacular Georgian-Federal style with five bays and a central chimney.
 The Walker-Broderick House at 541 Pine St. in Ketchikan Alaska was built in 1920 by local Ketchikan master builder Carl Foss. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has also been known as the Doc Walker House and is Alaska Historic Resources Site No. KET-138.According to its 1980 NRHP nomination the house is considered by architects as a perfect example of the Craftsman Bungalow. It was home for Norman R.
 The Miller Cemetery Church near Silverton Oregon was built in 1882. It is a rare example in Oregon of a burying church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd built in 1880 is an historic Episcopal church located at 331 Lake Avenue in Maitland Orange County Florida. Designed by renowned New York architect Charles C. Haight in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture it was built largely through the efforts of the Right Reverend Henry Benjamin Whipple the first bishop of Minnesota who began wintering in Maitland in the 1870s.
 Feltonville School No. 2 also known as the Feltonville School is a historic school building located in the Feltonville neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1908. It is a two-story brick building four bays wide with a brick parapet. It is in the Late Gothic Revival-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Haymaker Hall is a co-ed residence hall at Kansas State University. It is located on the North-East corner of the Derby Complex at Kansas State's Manhattan Kansas campus North of Ford Hall and East of Moore Hall on Manhattan Avenue and Claflin Road. It has a residence of approximately 525 students and is renowned for its large concentration of agriculture and prehealth students.
 The Dr. Samuel Catlin House is a former residence located at 213 East Chicago Boulevard (M-50) in downtown Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan State Historic Site and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986.
 Vedbygård is a former manor houses located within the village of Ruds Vedby 7 kilometres north-east of Høng Sorø Municipality Denmark. The oldest parts of the house date from the 15th century and are in the Late Gothic style. It now serves as a recovery home affiliated with the Diakonissestiftelse in Copenhagen.
 Epsom General Hospital is a hospital in Epsom Surrey England. It is part of the Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust along with the nearby St Helier Hospital and Sutton Hospital which in December 2013 was announced as one of 29 trusts out of 143 that had according to the Dr Foster Hospital Guide a hospital standardised mortality ratio (a measure of how many people would be expected to die with the actual rate of death) of 92.05.
 All Saints' Church is a chapel located in the Prague Castle complex in the Czech Republic. The site of the church was originally consecrated in 1185 and a Romanesque building built; the oldest parts of the current building date to a structure constructed by Peter Parler in the 14th century. Although originally free-standing the church was badly damaged in an 1541 fire which engulfed the palace and church.
 St James's Church is a Roman Catholic church situated in the centre of the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is located adjacent to the remaining ruins of Reading Abbey between the Forbury Gardens and Reading Gaol.The church was built on a portion of the site of Reading Abbey. Its founder was James Wheble who owned land in the area at that time. The church was designed by the architect A. W. N.
 The Rowland Theater (alternately spelled Theatre) located at 127 North Front Street Philipsburg Centre County Pennsylvania is an historic single screen movie theater built in 1917 by Charles Hedding Rowland. The theater is owned by the borough of Phillipsburg.
 Quincy Electric Light and Power Company Station is a historic power station at 76 Field Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Hill Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake town of Harrietstown in Essex and Franklin County New York. It was built about 1913 and is a two to four story shingled frame house on a stone foundation with a jerkinhead gable roof and built into the side of a hill. It features an open first floor porch and second story cure porch on the front facade four stories of cure porches in the rear and prominent roof overhangs.
 Lovingston High School is a historic school located at Lovingston Nelson County Virginia. It is a one-story Colonial Revival-style building that opened in 1931 and originally served grades one through eleven. It consists of a one-and-one-half-story main block with one-story wings. Behind the main block is the central auditorium with a stage and seven flanking classrooms.
 The Stax Museum of American Soul Music is a museum located in Memphis Tennessee at 926 East McLemore Avenue the former location of Stax Records. It is operated by Soulsville USA which also operates the adjacent Stax Music Academy.
 Suydam House (also known as Suydam Homestead) is a historic home located at Centerport in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1730 and is a rectangular five-bay 1 1⁄2-story saltbox type building with a 1-story wing. It features a steeply pitched asymmetrical gable roof pierced by a brick chimney.The house is located on Suffolk County Parkland on the southeast corner of Suffolk County Road 86 and New York State Route 25A across from the southern terminus of Little Neck Road.
 The McHugh-Andrews House at 202 Remington St. in Fort Collins Colorado was built in 1885. It was designed by builder-architect Montezuma Fuller and it was also a work of Lars P. Kemoe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Silas M. Clark House also known as Clark Memorial Hall and History House is a historic home located at Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1869-1870 and is a three-story brick building with a cross-gable roof in Italian Villa-style. It features round headed windows a central tower and arched entryway. It housed the local chapter of the American Red Cross from 1918 to 1930.
 The Church of St Mary sits on an island in the 11.23-hectare artificial Orchardleigh Lake in the grounds of the Orchardleigh Estate within the parish of Lullington Somerset England. It was built in the 13th century and underwent extensive restoration by Sir George Gilbert Scott for the Rev. W. A. Duckworth in 1878. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church includes sculpture from the 14th century and stained glass from the 15th.
 Green Oak Village Place is a retail lifestyle center located in Green Oak Township serving Brighton Michigan United States. The mall opened in stages between 2006 and 2008 includes six anchor stores: Barnes & Noble Dick's Sporting Goods DSW Shoe Warehouse HomeGoods J.C. Penney Old Navy and more than seventy inline tenants. It is managed by Lormax Stern.
 Turvey Abbey is an abbey located in the village of Turvey in the English county of Bedfordshire. It is dated 1605 on the north facade and 1608 on the south facade.The name probably comes from the lands held by the Abbey of St. James at Northampton. The building is stone with a tile roof.A dovecote which no longer belongs to the Abbey is a Grade II listed building.Historically Turvey Abbey was a country house and family home.John Longuet Higgins developed a Jacobean style house.
 The original Queen Elizabeth Hospital was an NHS hospital in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham situated very close to the University of Birmingham. It was replaced by the new Queen Elizabeth Hospital nearby.The hospital provided a range of services including secondary services for its local population and regional and national services for the people of the West Midlands and beyond.
 The City Cemetery of Raleigh also known as Old City Cemetery was authorized in 1798 by the North Carolina General Assembly as Raleigh's first burying ground. It was laid out on 4 acres (1.6 ha) of land just outside the original 1792 eastern boundary of Raleigh and bounded by East Street on the west East Hargett Street on the south and Morgan Street on the north.
 Edward D. Libbey House also known as Toledo Society for the Handicapped is a building in Toledo Ohio. It is a Shingle style home designed by architect David L. Stine and built in 1895.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1983.It is located at 2008 Scottwood Avenue in Toledo within the Old West End District also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museum of Ivo Andrić (Serbian: Музеј Иве Андрића / Muzej Ive Andrića) is a museum in Belgrade Serbia. It is dedicated to the Nobel prize winning writer Ivo Andrić.The library contains 4502 bibliographical units rich collection of photographs numerous Andrić's personal holdings and writer's study room and the salon with authentic atmosphere since Andrić's time.
 San Sebastiano in Vallepiatta is an ancient church found next to piazzeta della Selva in Siena Italy.The construction of the building began in 1493 under the patronage of the guild of weavers (Tessitori). Built in the shape of a Greek cross it has a cupola with a cylindrical tambor. The design is attributed to Francesco di Giorgio Martini. Most of the brick façade has only a sliver of a cornice with architrave in travertine marble added in 1545-1550.
 Ashford Academy is an historic school building on Fitts Road in Ashford Connecticut.The school was built in 1825 and added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 The Canyonside School is a schoolhouse located 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Jerome Idaho. The lava rock building was constructed by stonemason H.T. Pugh in 1920; it was one of four stone rural schools built by Pugh. The school replaced several wooden school buildings in the area and was considered a sign of the region's agricultural prosperity as farming in the area was profitable enough to sustain long-term investments in its educational infrastructure.
 The Muddy Creek Bridge Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad is a historic Pratt through truss railroad bridge in Lower Chanceford Township and Peach Bottom Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1909 and measures about 120-foot-long (37 m) overall. It was built by the Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad and crosses Muddy Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Cedar Grove Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It is a small cemetery established in 1873 whose pronounced slopes entailed the use of terraced plots. Retaining walls are largely built of Chaumont limestone.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Building at 38–48 Richardson Avenue in Wakefield Massachusetts is believed to be the oldest row house in the town. Built c. 1912 this 2.5 story structure includes six units in an architecturally eclectic exterior. Its porches are typical Colonial Revival porches the gable ends are decorated with Tudor Revival strapping and the deep eaves have exposed purlins a Rational Revival feature.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Masa's Wine Bar & Kitchen (also known as Masa's Restaurant or Masa's) is a new French restaurant located in San Francisco California in the United States.
 St. Swithun's Church Thorley is a parish church in the Church of England located in Thorley Isle of Wight.
 Van Benschoten House and Guest House is a historic home and guest house located at Margaretville in Delaware County New York United States. It is an example of late 19th summer boarding house design applied to a working farmhouse. The main house was built about 1890 and its exterior massing of the two story main residence is broken up into four gabled pavilions emanating from a hipped-roof core in the Queen Anne style. It features an octagonal tower with a tall pointed roof.
 Piers 3 and 5 North known as the Girard Group on Philadelphia's Delaware River waterfront were built by the City of Philadelphia and named in honor of Stephen Girard who built wharfs in this area in the early nineteenth century. Each of the two piers contains warehouse space of about 100000 square feet (9300 m2). The Benjamin Franklin Bridge is one block north of the northern pier.
 Yatton Chapel is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Yatton Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands at the end of a winding track adjacent to Chapel Farmhouse.
 North Hall built in 1950 is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida in the United States. It was designed by Guy Fulton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to provide housing for the student body.
 The Albert Hall Nottingham is a City Centre Conference and Concert venue situated in Nottingham England.
 The Esten-Bowen House is a historic house at 199 Iron Mine Road in Burrillville Rhode Island. The 1 1/2 story timber frame Cape style house was built c. 1790 by John Esten a major landowner in eastern Burrillville in the second half of the 18th century. The main block is five bays wide and two deep with a massive central chimney. A kitchen ell to the right of the main block appears to be an early addition.
 The Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGEX) was formed in 1881 in Minneapolis Minnesota as a regional cash marketplace to promote fair trade and to prevent trade abuses in wheat oats and corn.MGEX has been the principal market for Hard Red Spring Wheat (HRSW) since 1881 offering futures and options contracts based on its unique commodity. HRSW is one of the highest-protein wheats. It is found in bagels pizzas high-quality breads and cereals and some noodles and cookies.
 The Basílica del Salvador is a basilica located at the corner of Huérfanos Street and Almirante Barroso Street in the Barrio Brasil of Santiago de Chile. The basilica was designed by the German architect Teodoro Burchard in the Neo Gothic style. It was renovated by Josué Smith Solar in 1932.Two earthquakes one in 1985 and the other in 2010 badly damaged the basilica.
 Baltimore City Detention Center (BCDC also known as the Baltimore City Jail) is a Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services state prison for men and women located on 401 E. Eager Street in downtown Baltimore Maryland. Despite the name it has been a state facility since 1995.
 The Hunter House (also known as the William Northwood House or the Northwood - Hunter House) is located at 3985 Trumbull Avenue in the Woodbridge Neighborhood Historic District of Detroit Michigan. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974. It is currently operated as the Woodbridge Star a bed and breakfast.
 The Queen's Medical Center originally named and still commonly referred to as Queen's Hospital is the largest private non-profit hospital in Honolulu Hawaii. The institution was founded in 1859 by Queen Emma and King Kamehameha IV and is located near Downtown Honolulu.
 The Burtis-Kimball House Hotel and the Burtis Opera House were located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It has since been torn down and it was delisted from the NRHP in 2008. The theatre building has been significantly altered since a fire in the 1920s. Both however remain important to the history of the city of Davenport.
 McGregor located on SR 547 in Port Gibson Mississippi was built in 1835. It was designed in Greek Revival style.It was designed and/or built by Judge Peter Aaron Van Dorn (1773-1837) for his daughter.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included just one contributing building on a 4.5-acre (1.8 ha) area.
 Trump International Hotel and Tower Toronto is a mixed-use skyscraper in Toronto Ontario Canada. It was built by Talon International Development Inc. which is owned by Val Levitan and Canadian businessman Alex Shnaider.It is named for real estate developer Donald Trump a minority shareholder in the project. The tower is located in the Financial District at 311 Bay Street on the southeast corner of Bay and Adelaide.
 The Capt. Salem Avery House is a historic home and museum at Shady Side Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a two-story frame building located on a 0.75-acre (3000 m2) rectangular lot overlooking the West River and Chesapeake Bay. The property consists of the main house with additions; three sheds formerly used as bath houses; and a modern boathouse built in 1993 featuring the locally built EDNA FLORENCE a 1937 Chesapeake Bay deadrise workboat.
 Rosenberg Library a public library located at 2310 Sealy Street in Galveston Texas United States is the oldest continuously operating library in Texas. It serves as headquarters of the Galveston County Library System and its librarian also functions as the Galveston County Librarian.
 Wable-Augustine Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Addison in Addison Township in Somerset County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1820 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay Federal period frame building. It sits on a rubblestone foundation and features interior stone gable end chimneys. The house operated as an inn and tavern during the National Road boom period; from the 1820s to the 1850s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Confederation Mall is a shopping mall located at 22nd Street and Circle Drive in Saskatoon Saskatchewan. The mall was originally named Confederation Park Plaza when it opened in mid-1973 at which time its anchor tenants were Canada Safeway and Woolco. The mall was originally planned for a location on Saskatoon's east side at the southwest corner of Clarence Avenue and Circle Drive but in May 1972 Saskatoon City Council rejected the plan citing community concerns.
 Churchville Historic District is a national historic district located in Churchville Northampton Township and Upper Southampton Township in Bucks County Pennsylvania USA. The district includes 140 contributing buildings seven contributing structures and one contributing object in the crossroads village of Churchville. They include a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings and notable examples of Gothic Revival and Bungalow/craftsman architecture.
 Chevron Renaissance is a $400 million development in Gold Coast Queensland Australia by Gold Coast veteran developer Raptis Group comprising both Chevron Renaissance Shopping Centre and Towers of Chevron Renaissance apartments.
 St Helena's Church South Scarle is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in South Scarle Nottinghamshire.
 McAllister-Beaver House is a historic home located at Bellefonte Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is a massive two-story five bay rectangular limestone building. It measures 42 feet 4 inches across and 34 feet 2 inches deep in the Georgian style architecture. It has a low pitch gable roof and a center hall plan interior. A rear kitchen ell was added in 1913. It was home to two prominent residents: Hugh N.
 Złota 44 is a mainly residential skyscraper (192 meters high 54 storeys) under construction in central Warsaw Poland. It was designed by the Polish-born American architect Daniel Libeskind in association with Polish architects Artchitecture. It is developed by Orco Property Group. Construction began in the 4th quarter of 2007 following the dismantling of the building that previously occupied the site.
 Pirra Homestead a former inebriates home for girls known as the Pirra Girls’ Home was an Australian Government run Children's Home located in Lara Victoria Australia. The facility was opened in 1960 and was run by the Family Welfare Division of the Social Welfare Department.Pirra accommodated female wards of the state aged from 10 – 14 years who had come under State wardship for being in moral danger or for lapsing nor (being) likely to lapse into a life of vice and crime.
 New Community (New Comm) is a student housing cooperative located in East Lansing Michigan and a member house of the Michigan State University Student Housing Cooperative. After having been founded as an independent cooperative in the 1960s New Community has undergone a series of changes and remains a staple of progressive living in the region.
 Grove City Premium Outlets (formerly Prime Outlets-Grove City) is an open-air outlet mall located along Interstate 79 four miles south of its junction with Interstate 80 in Pine Township west of Grove City Pennsylvania. About 60 miles north of Pittsburgh Grove City Premium Outlets includes more than 130 brand-name outlet stores a food court a retail store for and the future main location of Wendell August Forge and one of the Pittsburgh Steelers' official team stores.
 Newport Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Newport in Herkimer County New York. It was constructed in 1853 and spans West Canada Creek. It is 238 feet long and has four arch spans with rises of 16 to 22 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Milky Way Farm in Giles County Tennessee is the former estate of Franklin C. Mars founder of Mars Candies. The property is named for the company's Milky Way candy bar. During the Great Depression the estate was the largest employer in the county. The estate is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an historic district; its manor house is now a venue for special events.
 The Mount Hood Masonic Temple in Portland Oregon is a building from 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. Vacant since 1981 it was purchased by the McMenamins brewpub chain in 2007. Plans for renovation of the building were still being formulated in 2012.
 Gujarat Cancer Research Institute (GCRI) is a sate owned cancer research institute in Gujarat India. It was established in 1972. It is one of the 25 government funded Regional Cancer Centres in India.
 The Garibaldi-Meucci Museum formerly known as the Garibaldi Memorial is a circa 1840 Gothic Revival cottage in the Rosebank section of Staten Island New York. It was home to inventor and candle maker Antonio Meucci (1808–1889). The Italian revolutionary and political leader Giuseppe Garibaldi (1807–1882) lived there from 1851 to 1853. In 1884 a plaque commemorating Garibaldi's stay was placed on the building with Meucci in attendance.
 The Printers Devil (grid reference ST595729) is an historic public house situated on Broad Plain Bristol England.It was built in the late 18th century as a public house and was formerly known as the Queens Head.It is a grade II listed building.As of July 2008 the pub is closed.
 William Wilson House also known as Prospect Hill and the Trammell Hollis House is a historic home located in Gerrardstown Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built between 1792 and 1802 and is a large two story brick dwelling on a stone foundation in a late-Georgian style. It measures 36 feet 6 inches (11.13 m) deep and 70 feet (21 m) wide and consists of a three-bay central block with a four-bay side wing.
 Lloyd Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 748 Chestnut Street in Winston-Salem North Carolina.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register in 1998.
 The Kaohsiung Mosque (Chinese: 高雄清真寺; pinyin: Gāoxióng Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Lingya District Kaohsiung Taiwan. It is the second mosque to be built in Taiwan after Taipei Grand Mosque in Taipei.
 Veggie Galaxy is a diner/vegetarian restaurant located in the Central Square section of Cambridge Massachusetts.Founded by Adam Penn in 2011 after operating his first vegetarian restaurant called Veggie Planet in Harvard Square for more than ten years. Veggie Galaxy has been credited in Boston Magazine as “the Best of Boston for Vegetarian Restaurants”The head chef is Sam Ranger and the pastry chef is Jess Lum.
 East Main Street Historic District in Danville Kentucky is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Union Church (Phillips Congregational Church) is a historic church on Main and Pleasant Streets in Phillips Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Clark-Keith House is a historic home located at Caledonia in Livingston County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story symmetrical five-bay building constructed of cut stone in the Federal style. The structure was built about 1827 and has housed a tavern post office the village library banks and insurance agents. Since the 1920s it has been used as a residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Immanuel Church (Hebrew: כנסיית עמנואל‎ Knesiyat Immanu'el; German: Immanuelkirche; Norwegian: Immanuelkirken) is a Protestant church in the American–German Colony in Tel Aviv Israel. It was built in 1904. In 1955 the Lutheran World Federation transferred control of the church to the Norwegian Church Ministry to Israel.
 The Bishop's Block also known as the Bishop’s Block Apartments is an historic building located in Dubuque Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Archives of Yugoslavia (Serbian Cyrillic: Архив Југославије) in Belgrade Serbia houses and protects the archival materials produced by state bodies and organizations of Yugoslavia from 1918 to 2006. It currently exists as a cultural institution museum and library. The Archives' building is located in Senjak which belongs to a designated cultural-historical area of Topčider famous for its numerous public and private buildings assigned monument status.
 The Kayabukiya Tavern (居酒屋 かやぶき izakaya kayabuki) is a traditional-style Japanese sake-house restaurant (izakaya) located in the city of Utsunomiya north of Tokyo Japan. The location attracted international attention in 2008 when the Western media reported the tavern and its news movies were uploaded to YouTube.The tavern's owner Kaoru Otsuka owns two pet macaque monkeys who are currently employed to work at the location.
 Le Chabichou is a 4-star hotel and a 2 Michelin-starred restaurant in Courchevel Savoie France. The hotel was opened in 1962 by Michel Rochedy. The restaurant received its first Michelin star in 1979 and its second in 1984. One can ski in and out of the premises and it has a ski shop on site a new spa as well as a reasonably-priced new bistrot. Overall the facilities are excellent.
 Phlegar Farm is a historic home located near Floyd Floyd County Virginia. The original log dwelling was built in 1816 and later expanded about 1857 and about 1910. The house is two-stories with a metal sheathed gable roof weatherboard siding a stone gable-end chimney two one-story front porches and a one-story ell. The interior has Federal and Greek Revival style details.
 The Midland Terminal Railroad Depot in Victor Colorado was built in 1895 for the Midland Terminal Railway. The brick depot contains features common to its type and period of construction including the wide overhanging eaves the central bay office window and the large freight doors.
 Wyke Castle is a folly castle at the top of Pirates Lane near Westhill Road in Wyke Regis near Weymouth Dorset. It dates from the early 1800s and has been a Grade 2 listed building since 1974.
 Travelers Rest also known as Old Stone House is a historic home located near Burlington Mineral County West Virginia. It was built as a stagecoach stop to service the Northwestern Turnpike. It serviced the corridor between Winchester Virginia and Parkersburg Virginia (now West Virginia).
 For the Blue Cross building in Detroit Michigan see the Blue Cross/Blue Shield Service Center.The Blue Cross Centre is a large and prominent office building located in the central business district of Moncton New Brunswick.The building features a three-story section facing Main Street and a nine-story tower to the south joined by an atrium. The building was constructed in 1988 and now encloses a total area of 30200 m2 (325000 sq ft).
 Puʻu o Mahuka Heiau State Historic Site on the North Shore of Oʻahu is the largest heiau on the island covering 2 acres (8100 m2) on a hilltop overlooking Waimea Bay and Waimea Valley. Puʻu o Mahuka means 'Hill of Escape'. Hawaiian legends have it that from this point Pele (Volcano Goddess) leaped from Oahu to the next island Molokai.
 The Fort Smith Trolley Museum is a streetcar and railroad museum in Fort Smith in the U.S. state of Arkansas which includes an operating heritage streetcar line. Four vehicles in its collection a streetcar and three steam locomotives are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
 The Northeast Community Health Centre (NECHC) is a community health centre located in Northeast-Edmonton. It provide medical services through the Caritas Health Group providing hospital like care.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic church at 5 Paterson Street in New Brunswick Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1744 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Missouri Headwaters State Park is a Montana state park that marks the official start of the Missouri River. It includes the Three Forks of the Missouri National Historic Landmark.It is located near Three Forks Montana at an elevation of 4045 feet (1233 m).The Missouri starts at the confluence of the Jefferson River and Madison River. It is joined about 0.6 mile down stream (northeast) by the Gallatin River.Lewis and Clark visited the site on July 28 1805.
 Congregation Shaar Hashomayim is an Orthodox synagogue in Westmount Quebec. It is the oldest traditional Ashkenazi synagogue in Canada incorporated in 1846. It is also the largest traditional synagogue in Canada.The Congregation originally rented space on Saint James Street (now Saint Jacques Street). The first synagogue was built on Saint-Constant Street (now De Bullion Street) in Le Plateau-Mont-Royal in 1859.
 The Lost Creek Bridge is a wooden covered bridge located near Lake Creek Oregon United States about 15 miles (24 km) ENE of Medford. The bridge is about 11.89 meters (39 feet) long making it the shortest covered bridge in Oregon.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and subsequently closed to vehicle traffic. A newer concrete bridge runs parallel and serves as a bypass.
 Fort de Chartres was a French fortification first built in 1720 on the east bank of the Mississippi River in present-day Illinois.
 Ripshin Farm also known as Ripshin or Sherwood Anderson Farm was a home of writer Sherwood Anderson and his successive wives near Troutdale Virginia. He purchased it in 1927 for use during the summers and lived at it full time in his later years.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.It is located on north side of Route 732 about 0.1 mile northeast of intersection of Route 603 and Route 732 near Trout Dale.
 Prospect Hill is a plantation house in Edisto Island South Carolina.The house is significant for its architecture and ties to the production of sea island cotton. Constructed about 1800 for Ephraim Baynard it sits on a bluff overlooking the South Edisto River. In 1860 William Grimball Baynard owned Prospect Hill. Baynard was an elder in Edisto Island Presbyterian Church Justice of the Peace Justice of the Quorum and owner of 220 slaves. When he died in 1861 his son William G.
 Red Onion State Prison (ROSP) is a supermax state prison located in Wise County Virginia near Pound. Operated by the Virginia Department of Corrections (VADOC) it houses about 800 inmates. The prison opened in August 1998 and was the primary model for Wallens Ridge State Prison in Big Stone Gap.
 Charles Andres House is a registered historic building in Middle Bass Island Ohio listed in the National Register on 1995-11-06.
 St Mary's Centre formerly the Church of St Mary-on-the-Hill Chester stands at the top of St Mary's Hill Chester Cheshire England near Chester Castle. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The church stands at the top of a narrow winding lane which leads down to the River Dee and it is adjacent to Chester Castle. In the 1970s the church was converted into an educational centre.
 Blue Ridge Farm also known as Alton Park is a historic estate located near Greenwood Albemarle County Virginia. The main residence consists of a 2 1/2-half-story five-bay brick center section built in the mid-19th century with two asymmetrical brick wings designed by William Lawrence Bottomley and added in 1923-1924. The center section has a steeply pitched gambrel roof with a balustraded deck and parapet ends.
 Karpen House is a historic home located at Lloyd Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1955 and is a long low residence surmounted by a flat roof with overhanging eaves. It represents a vernacular interpretation of the Modern style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Old Tolbooth was the main municipal building in the city of Edinburgh Scotland for more than 400 years. The medieval structure which was located at the west end of the Luckenbooths on the High Street in the Old Town was first established in the 14th century by royal charter. Over the years it served a variety of purposes such as housing the Burgh Council early meetings of the Estates of Scotland and the Court of Session.
 NorthShore University HealthSystem (NorthShore) is an integrated healthcare delivery system serving patients throughout the Chicago metropolitan area.NorthShore encompasses four Hospitals-Evanston Glenbrook Highland Park and Skokie—as well as NorthShore Medical Group with more than 70 offices and more than 800 primary and specialty care physicians the Research Institute and Foundation.
 The Garfield Thomas Water Tunnel is the U.S. Navy's principal experimental hydrodynamic research facility operated by the Penn State Applied Research Laboratory. The facility was completed and entered operation in 1949. The facility is named after Lieutenant W. Garfield Thomas Jr. a Penn State journalism graduate who was killed in World War II. For a long time the Garfield Thomas Water Tunnel was the largest circulating water tunnel in the world.
 The Praetorian Building also known as Stone Place Tower was a 15-story 58 m (190 ft) high-rise constructed in 1909 at Main Street and Stone Street in the Main Street District of downtown Dallas Texas. It was regarded the first skyscraper in Texas and the first skyscraper in the Southwestern United States.
 The Elizabeth Shopping Centre is a large regional shopping centre located in the outer Adelaide suburb of Elizabeth South Australia The centre is the third biggest in Adelaide behind Westfield Tea Tree Plaza and Westfield Marion.In 2004 the centre was remodeled to feature Myer (previously John Martin's) department store Target discount department store Big W discount department store Woolworths supermarket Coles supermarket and Reading Cinemas 8-screen complex.
 Slavyanskiy Mir is an open air market in Moscow owned by Valery and Vladimir Leschikovyh.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 433 Ocoee Street NW in Cleveland Tennessee. The First Presbyterian congregation is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) and the Presbytery of East Tennessee.The church was built in 1856 and is the oldest extant church building in Cleveland. It was damaged by military activity during the American Civil War; some of the musket balls that were fired into the steeple are still embedded there.
 The Long Island City Post Office is a historic post office building located at Long Island City in Queens County New York United States. It was built in 1928 and is one of a number of post offices in New York designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under director James A. Wetmore. The building is a two story symmetrically massed brick building with limestone trim in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Hotel Wooten is located in downtown Abilene Texas at 1102 North 3rd Street. This graceful 16-story tower was built at the corner of North 3rd and Cypress Street in 1930 by local business man H.O. Wooten legendarily paid for in cash in the midst of the Great Depression. With its massive red neon sign atop its roof the hotel was visible miles on the flat Texas plains particularly at night.
 Poppasquash Farms Historic District is a historic district in Bristol Rhode Island. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The district is located off Route 114 and encompasses most of Colt State Park and about 50 acres (20 ha) of adjacent private lands.The area was occupied by Wampanoag Indians for hundreds of years and eventually settled by British colonists in the 17th century after King Phillip's War.
 Frankopan Castle (Croatian: Frankopanski Kaštel) is a castle located on the southwest coast of the island Krk in the ancient town of Krk which is one of the oldest towns in the Adriatic in Croatia.
 San Vittore alle Chiuse is a Roman Catholic abbey and church in the comune of Genga Marche Italy.The edifice is known from the year 1011 and constitutes a notable example of Byzantine-influenced architecture in Italy. The rear area is characterized by three high apses the central only slightly larger.
 Garrett House also known as the Garrett Residence in Syracuse New York was built in 1913. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It is listed for its architecture. The most distinctive feature on the outside of the house was that its roof was made to look like an English Cottage thatched roof.
 Trillium Circle is the name of an outdoor shopping center which as of mid-2008 is under construction outside the city of Grand Blanc a suburb of Flint Michigan USA. Under development since 2004 the shopping center is located on Holly Road on the south side of Grand Blanc. It features an IMAX movie theater owned by NCG Cinemas as well the 500th location for the restaurant chain Buffalo Wild Wings. The rest of the property which is owned by CB Richard Ellis has yet to be developed.
 The Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel (pronounced: [aʁk də tʁijɔ̃f dy kaʁusɛl]) is a triumphal arch in Paris located in the Place du Carrousel on the site of the former Tuileries Palace. It was built between 1806 and 1808 to commemorate Napoleon's military victories of the previous year. The more famous Arc de Triomphe de l'Étoile nearby was designed in the same year but it took thirty years to build and is about twice the size.
 Oak Ridge City Center formerly known as Oak Ridge Mall is a shopping mall in Oak Ridge Tennessee. The site currently occupied by Oak Ridge City Center was selected by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission to establish a permanent shopping center in the years following World War II. In 1951 the AEC selected a company headed by Guilford Glazer to build the new shopping center. A shortage of steel resulting from the Korean War delayed construction but the Downtown Shopping Center opened in 1955.
 Madinat al-Hareer (Arabic: مدينة الحرير‎ meaning City of Silk) is a proposed 250 km2 (62000-acre) planned urban area in Subiya Kuwait an area just opposite Kuwait City.
 Yaohan Centre (八佰伴中心) is a shopping centre in the Golden Village district of Richmond British Columbia. It caters mainly to Asian people mainly those of Chinese and Japanese descent. It is located on Richmond's busy Golden District shopping district and is next door to another Asian-centric mall Aberdeen Centre.Yaohan Centre was owned by the Japanese company Yaohan until the company's demise in the late 1990s.
 Oakdale Public School at the corner of Hastings Avenue and Noblestown Road in Oakdale Pennsylvania was built in 1894 in the Romanesque Revival style. It served grades 1-8 and was the only grade school in Oakdale until 1972 when it was closed. The building then stood empty until at least 1997.The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 28 1997.
 The Traffic Zone Center for Visual Art (TZCVA) is an artist cooperative located in the historic Warehouse District of downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. Founded in 1993 TZCVA was established to create an artist-owned and managed building that provides stable safe and affordable studio teaching and exhibition space for mid-career visual artists.
 The Arthur D. Silva Water Tank near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1910. It was a work of sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah; it is also a work of Pete Duffy & Sons. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Pleasant Hill Plantation also known as Van Leer Place is a historic stone farmhouse located near Glen Moore in West Nantmeal Township Chester County Pennsylvania.The original structure of two stories and three bays was built by Matthew Robinson or Robertson probably before the American Revolution. He died in 1792 and left the house to his son David. Around 1800 it was sold to the Lewis brothers John and Samuel.
 The Slipper Chapel or Chapel of St Catherine of Alexandria is a Catholic chapel located in Houghton Saint Giles Norfolk England. Built in 1340 it was the last chapel on the pilgrims' route to Walsingham.When the Slipper Chapel was built Walsingham was second only to Canterbury in the ranks of importance in English pilgrimage.
 The houses at 37–47 North Fifth Street in Hudson New York United States are a row of six Italianate buildings. They were built around 1870 by Freeman Coons a local builder.They are an intact example of late 19th-century worker housing in the city restored at the end of the 20th century by a local community housing group after decades of neglect. In 2003 they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are currently used by a local drug rehabilitation program.
 The National Museum of Catholic Art and History is a museum in Washington D.C focusing on Roman Catholic art. It was formerly located in East Harlem Manhattan New York City. It was founded by Christina Cox in 1995.Cox opened the first Catholic museum in the United States after receiving a blessing from then-Pope John Paul II. The museum has received support from the Archdiocese of New York although there is no connection between the two.
 Bridge in Dreher Township is a historic stone arch bridge located in Dreher Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. It is a single span high-rise stone arch built in 1934. It measures 34-foot-long (10 m) and crosses the Haags Mill Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The San Raffaele Hospital (HSR) is a university hospital situated in Segrate the Province of Milan Italy.It was founded in 1969 by don Luigi Maria Verzé president of San Raffaele del Monte Tabor Foundation.The hospital is affiliated with the School of Medicine and the School of Nursing of the Vita-Salute San Raffaele University.
 Ames Manufacturing Company has its origins in blacksmith and founder Captain John Ames who in 1774 made some of the first manufactured shovels in what would emerge as the new United States of America.
 St Olave's Church Chester is a redundant Anglican parish church located in Lower Bridge Street Chester Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Christian Church also known as Fitches Bridge Church is a historic church on NY 10 at East Delhi in Delaware County New York. It was built in 1861 and is in the Greek Revival style with an overlay of Gothic Revival decoration. It is a small rectangular structure of post and beam construction. It features 12 narrow engaged towers with pinnacles that mark the corners of the building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Ringgold County Courthouse in Mount Ayr Iowa United States was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Logan County Courthouse is a historic Second Empire building located on the southeastern corner of Main Street and Columbus Avenue in downtown Bellefontaine Ohio United States. Built in 1870 at a cost of $105398.08 the courthouse was constructed primarily of locally-mined sandstone and it is covered with a mansard roof. The courthouse is adjacent to Court Avenue the first concrete street in the United States.On June 4 1973 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Peter's Church is a historic Catholic church in Brownsville Pennsylvania in the Diocese of Greensburg. The first Catholic parish in Fayette County it is the oldest continuously operating parish in Western Pennsylvania. It is also believed to have been the spot on which the first religious service of any kind offered west of the Allegheny Mountains was held.
 The Kuandu Museum of Fine Arts (KdMoFA; Chinese: 關渡美術館; pinyin: Guāndù Měishùguǎn) is an art museum in Beitou District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is located at the Taipei National University of the Arts.
 Brightwood Beach Cottage is an historic octagonal building on the southern shore of Lake Ripley in Litchfield Minnesota that once was a part of the Brightwood Beach Resort of the late nineteenth century. The resort opened in 1889 and it offered cultural amenities such as concerts classes in fine arts and other live entertainment. Other summer activities included dancing ball games and canoeing and steamboat excursions on Lake Ripley.
 1700 East 56th Street also known as 1700 Building is a 38-story luxury apartment building overlooking Lake Michigan and adjacent to Jackson Park and the Museum of Science and Industry in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States. Designed by Loewenberg Architects its construction was completed in 1968 followed by a condominium conversion in 1994.
 The St. Vital Historical Society is a mobile museum in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. The Historical Society presents four themed exhibitions a year. The group also maintains a resource centre in St. Vital.
 The United Laymen Bible Student Tabernacle now the George Bray Neighborhood Center is located in Racine Wisconsin. It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by J. Mandor Matson.
 The Harvard Art Museums is part of Harvard University and comprise three museums: the Fogg Museum (established in 1895) the Busch-Reisinger Museum (established in 1903) and the Arthur M. Sackler Museum (established in 1985) and four research centers: the Archaeological Exploration of Sardis (founded in 1958) the Center for the Technical Study of Modern Art (founded in 2002) the Harvard Art Museums Archives and the Straus Center for Conservation and Technical Studies (founded in 1928).
 Museum of Ehime History and Culture (愛媛県歴史文化博物館 Ehime-ken Rekishi Bunka Hakubutsukan) is a history museum located in Seiyo Ehime Ehime Japan. The museum introduces mainly the history and folklore of Ehime prefecture in general and the southern region of it in specific.
 St. Paul's Church Newport is a parish church in the Church of England located in Barton Isle of Wight and Newport Isle of Wight.
 Jesse and Ira Tuthill House is a historic home located at Mattituck in Suffolk County New York. It was built in two stages 1799 and 1841. The original two-room house was incorporated as a 1 1⁄2-story wing for the larger 2-story nine-room house. The final 1841 house is a 2 1⁄2-story residence with a modestly pitched gable roof with a wide frieze running beneath the roof eave.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Oatman Filling Station is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Wanakena Presbyterian Church also known as Mount Lebanon Presbyterian Church and Western Adirondack Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Wanakena in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1903 and is a steepled ell plan with its steepled entry tower located at the intersection of the two volumes. The tower has a louvered belfry topped by a pyramidal roof.Its design is attributed to church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D.
 The Castle of Grésilion (in French: Château de Grésillon; also frequently Esperantized as Greziljono) is situated 250 km to the southeast of París in Baugé between Angers Le Mans and Tours in France.The nonprofit organization Cultural House of French Esperanto Speakers established in 1951 owns the castle with a 18 hectare park (about 0.2 square kilometers). The castle is frequently visited by students of Esperanto from all around the world especially in summer.
 The Fort of Santo António (Portuguese: Forte de Santo António) also known as the Redoubt of Santo António (Portuguese: Reduto de Santo António) is located on the peninsula of Monte Brasil in the civil parish Sé in themunicipality of Angra do Heroísmo along the southern coast of Terceira Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. It is part of the complex of defensive structures of the Fort of São João Baptista that crossed-fire with the Fort of São Sebastião in the defense of the Bay of Angra.
 The Patrick Creagh House is a historic home at 160 Prince George Street in Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a single-pile 1 1⁄2-story brick house with a steeply pitched gambrel roof. The house was originally built between 1735 and 1747 by local craftsman Patrick Creagh and enlarged during the late 18th or early 19th centuries.
 The Château de Larressingle is a ruined castle in the commune of Larressingle in the Gers département of France.The castle was built in the second half of the 13th century. The second and third floors were added by Arnaud Orthon de Lomagne Bishop of Condom between 1285 and 1305.
 Summit Place Mall originally Pontiac Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Waterford Township Michigan United States. The 1400000-square-foot (130000 m2) retail center designed by Charles N. Agree opened in 1963 with expansions between 1987 and 1993. At its peak it had approximately 200 inline tenants and six anchor stores: Hudson's (later Marshall Field's then Macy's) Sears J. C.
 Robertson–Cataract Electric Building also known as The Corn Exchange and 100 South is a historic commercial building located in downtown Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was built in 1915-1916 and is a four-story five bay reinforced concrete building faced in brick in the Renaissance Revival-style. The building was expanded in 1919. It features terra cotta and polychromatic brick details in hues of red brown and purple.
 Gionzan An’yō-in Chōraku-ji (祇園山安養院長楽寺) is a Jōdo shū Buddhist temple in Kamakura Kanagawa Japan. Famous for its azaleas it was named after its founder's (great historical figure Hōjō Masako) posthumous name. The main object of worship is Amida Nyorai but it also enshrines Senju Kannon Goddess of Mercy. An’yō-in is Number three of the 33 temples of the Bandō Sanjūsankasho pilgrimage circuit.
 The ‘’’Church of the Santuccio’’ or chiesa del Santuccio is an ancient church on via Roma 69 in Siena Italy which once was part of the annexed monastery of Santa Maria degli Angeli.The façade by Annibale Bichi recalls works by Baldassarre Peruzzi.
 Witchingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 Hoxne Priory was a Benedictine priory at Hoxne in Suffolk England. It was founded as a religious house around the year 950 with a chapel at the supposed site of the martyrdom of Saint Edmund king of East Anglia. The chapel was given in 1101 to Norwich Cathedral by Herbert de Losinga and the priory became dependent on the cathedral.
 The Howard School in Forsyth Montana was built in 1905. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It includes four contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing object.
 Pat's King of Steaks (also known as Pat's Steaks) is a Philadelphia restaurant specializing in cheesesteaks and located at the intersection of South 9th Street Wharton Street and East Passyunk Avenue in South Philadelphia directly across the street from rival Geno's Steaks. It was founded in 1930 by the Olivieri brothers who are credited with the creation of the Philly Cheesesteak.
 The Basilica of Saint Praxedes (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Praxedis Italian: Basilica di Santa Prassede all’Esquillino) commonly known in Italian as Santa Prassede is an ancient titular church and minor basilica in Rome Italy located near the papal basilica of Saint Mary Major. The current Cardinal Priest of Titulus Sancta Praxedis is Paul Poupard.
 The Robert Greenlee House is a historic house located at 806 N. Evans St. in Bloomington Illinois. Contractor Robert Greenlee built the house circa 1884 for himself and his family. The house has a Queen Anne design topped by a hipped roof with cross gables. A dormer above the attic extends from a second-story front window; the dormer and window are decorated with Eastlake spindlework and bracketing.
 The Village of Merrick Park is an upscale lifestyle center in Coral Gables Florida. Opened in 2002 the mall is operated by General Growth Properties and features over 100 tenant stores including restaurants.The Village of Merrick Park is served by the Miami Metrorail at the Douglas Road Station.
 Imperial Resort Beach Hotel is a hotel in Entebbe Uganda.
 The Grand Hyatt Seoul is a 5-star luxury Hyatt hotel in Seoul South Korea. Located in landscaped gardens in Yongsan district on the historic Mount Namsan the hotel has 602 rooms and suites and several F&B outlets.
 Hill Mansion is a historic home located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. It was built in 1857-1858 and is a two-story four bay brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It measures 39 feet by 38 feet 7 inches and rests on a high brick foundation. The front facade features a one-story porch consisting of an arcade supported on Tuscan order piers with a bracketed cornice. It was the home of Edward Baptist Hill whose brother General A. P.
 Lancaster Priory formerly St Mary's Church Lancaster is the Church of England parish church of the city of Lancaster Lancashire England. It is near Lancaster Castle and since 1953 has been designated a Grade I Listed building. It is in the deanery of Lancaster the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the Diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is combined with that of St John and St Anne.
 Barrington Hall built in 1842 was the home of Barrington King who along with his father Roswell King was the co-founder of the town of Roswell Georgia. The King family along with the other founding families of Roswell moved from the coast of Georgia after Roswell came across this area in the late 1820s and decided it was a perfect location for a mill town. Roswell picked the location due to the water power potential of Vickery Creek. In 1839 the Roswell Manufacturing Co.
 The Maison de la danse is a theater located in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon. It was originally founded in 1980 within the Théâtre de la Croix-Rousse before moving in 1992 in what was called the Théâtre du 8ème. This very important place for dance in the Rhône-Alpes region makes programming of international companies and of young companies of Rhône-Alpes.
 The Jayne Estate Building near the Delaware River waterfront in Old City Philadelphia Pennsylvania was built in 1870 to house eight stores by the estate of Dr. David Jayne (1799-1866) who became a millionaire by selling patent medicine. The architect was John McArthur Jr. who is best known as the designer of Philadelphia's City Hall.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The A. Berding Home an historic Carpenter Gothic Victorian style house built by pioneer merchant Arnold Berding in 1875 at 455 Ocean Avenue in Ferndale Humboldt County California is also called The Gum Drop Tree House from the neatly trimmed row of cypresses in front.
 HMP Peterhead was a prison in the town of Peterhead in Aberdeenshire Scotland.
 The Henry Swan House is a historic house at 418 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1888 by Henry Swan a Boston poultry dealer who was also active in local politics.
 The Al-Saffahiyah Mosque (Arabic: جامع السفاحية‎) is a mosque in Aleppo located to the south-west of the Citadel at Al-Jalloum district of the ancient city to the east of Al-Shibani Church-School. The mosque was built in 1425 under the patronage of Ahmed bin Saleh bin Al-Saffah on the ruins of an old mill during the Mamluk period.The mosque is marked with its single octagonal minaret over the entrance decorated with the fine carvings of the Mamluk-era architecture.
 The Fairfield County Courthouse is located at 224 East Main Street in Lancaster Ohio. The courthouse is the second for the county.
 The Westphal-Schmidt House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 King Kothi Palace (Urdu: شاہ کوٹھی محل‎ Telugu: కింగ్ కోఠి ప్యాలెస్; or Nazri Bagh Palace) is a royal palace in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. It was the palace where the erstwhile ruler the Seventh Nizam Osman Ali Khan Asaf Jah VII of Hyderabad state lived.
 Mariakani Cottage Hospital is a private Hospital located on Mchumbi Road South B (Mariakani) in Nairobi Kenya.
 122-124 Colmore Row is a Grade I listed building on Colmore Row in Birmingham England. Built as the Eagle Insurance Offices it was later occupied by Orion Insurance and was Hudson's Coffee House until late 2011 It is currently vacant (as of December 2012).Completed in 1900 it was designed in an Arts and Crafts style by William Lethaby and Joseph Lancaster Ball.
 The Russel Erskine Hotel is an apartment building and former hotel in Huntsville Alabama. It was named after Albert Russel Erskine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The building currently houses apartments.
 White Knob Idaho is a ghost town in Custer County Idaho. It is situated on Mine Hill between the town of Mackay Idaho and the White Knob Mountains in the Pioneer Mountains.
 Henry Pointer House is a building in Thompsons Station Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was removed from the National Register in 2006.It was built or has other significance as of c.1885. It includes Italianate architecture.
 Peoria State Hospital Historic District also known as Bartonville State Hospital or Illinois Asylum for the Incurable Insane was a psychiatric hospital operated by the State of Illinois from 1902 to 1973. The hospital is located in Bartonville Illinois near the city of Peoria in Peoria County. The hospital grounds and its 47 buildings are listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lynnewood Hall is a 110-room Neoclassical Revival mansion in Elkins Park Montgomery County Pennsylvania designed by architect Horace Trumbauer for industrialist Peter A. B. Widener between 1897 and 1900. Considered the largest surviving Gilded Age mansion in the Philadelphia area it housed one of the most important Gilded Age private art collections of European masterpieces and decorative arts assembled by Widener and his younger son Joseph.Peter A. B.
 The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County Wyoming. The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty a prospector from Whitehaven England in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore. Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors of whom all but Ferris dropped out.
 Dry Fork Plantation is a historic plantation house in Coy Alabama. The two-story wood-frame house was built between 1832 and 1834 in a vernacular interpretation of Federal style architecture. It was built for James Asbury Tait by two slaves Hezekiah and Elijah. The floor plan is centered on a hall that separates four rooms two on each side on both floors.
 Christ Church Highbury is an Anglican church in Islington north-west London situated next to Highbury Fields.
 Bassenfell Manor is a manor house in Bassenthwaite Cumbria overlooking Bassenthwaite Lake in England's Lake District. It is used as a residential centre hosting school groups youth groups church groups and holidays for individuals and families. It is situated in over 3 acres (12000 m2) of grounds and the manor has 19 bedrooms plus a self-catering apartment and two live-in apartments for management.
 The Château de Miramont is a ruined castle in the commune of Barbaira in the Aude département of France.The castle is the property of the commune. It has been listed since 1926 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Engine Company 1 Fire Station is located in Hartford Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1920 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1989. It is still an active firehouse owned by the Hartford Fire Department. It is the quarters of HFD Engine Co. 1 and Ladder Co. 6.
 Srimanta Sankaradev Kalakshetra (Assamese: শ্ৰীমন্ত শংকৰদেৱ কলাক্ষেত্ৰ) commonly Kalakshetra is a cultural institution in the Panjabari area of Guwahati Assam named after the medieval poet-playwright and reformer Srimanta Sankardev. It includes a cultural museum library and various facilities for preserving demonstrating and performing cultural items besides a children's park.
 Woonsocket Rubber Company Mill is an historic mill at 60 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1857 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. Another Mill owned by Woonsocket Rubber Co. known as the Alice Mill named for the owner's mother was located on Fairmount Street Woonsocket It was destroyed in a 2011 fire.
 The Lulua Mosque (Arabic: مسجد لؤلؤة‎) (meaning:the Pearl) is a mosque in Cairo Egypt that was built in 1015–16 AD. The mosque is also known by many other names like al-Lu'lu'a Mosque Majid aasl-Luʼluʼah Mosque of al-Lu'lu'a Mosque of al-Lulua Luluah Mosque Qabr Lu'lu'a Bint al-Muqauqis Mosque of al Lulua. It was constructed during the reign of the third Fatimid caliph al-Hakim in the Fatimid architectural style.
 The Halkin (styled as The Halkin by COMO) is a luxury boutique 5-star hotel in London England. It is located in Belgravia one of London's most affluent districts just to the east of Belgrave Square near Grosvenor Crescent. It is operated by the COMO Hotels and Resorts Group and has the distinction of being their first property. It is also considered to be one of the first boutique hotels in London.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels in Puriton Somerset England was constructed from local Blue Lias stone. It has an early 13th century tower with the remainder of the building dating from the 14th and 15th centuries. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The building is on the site of a previous church built in the 11th century which was given by Robert de Chandos to Goldcliff Priory in 1113.
 The Bridge near Stratton Nebraska is a historic bridge that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.It is a 20-foot (6.1 m) reinforced concrete slab bridge that was built in 1908 by the Ideal Cement Company. It is also denoted NEHBS No. HK00-78. It was listed on the National Register in 1992.It was deemed significant despite its small size and simple appearance for once having carried interstate traffic on U.S.
 Southern Pacific Railroad Depot of Modesto is a railroad depot built in 1915 for the San Joaquin Valley region's Southern Pacific railroad system use. It is in Modesto Stanislaus County California. The Mission Revival style depot was restored in 1993 and now functions as the Modesto Transportation Center.
 Pilsen Plaza (Czech: Plzeň Plaza) is a 20000-square-metre (220000-square-foot) shopping mall and entertainment center in Plzeň Czech Republic.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of Guadalupe is a Catholic cathedral in Dodge City Kansas United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Dodge City.
 The Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church and its Liturgical Museum can be found in the Downtown of Miskolc (7 Deák square.)The church was built between 1785 and 1806 in Zopf style. Its furniture is also in Zopf style from the late 18th century. It is a listed historic monument. The church houses one the largest iconostases in Europe[citation needed] (16 m high with 88 pictures of the life of Jesus).
 Pen y Bryn is a two-storey manor house in Abergwyngregyn Gwynedd in north-west Wales adjacent to the A55 five miles east of Bangor eight miles west of Conwy. It is constructed mainly of broken stone with roughly dressed quoins and a slate roof. The house is situated within Garth Celyn a double bank and ditch overlooking the Menai Strait to Anglesey. A smaller house was immediately adjacent in 1811 when Sir Richard Colt-Hoare recorded it; this was demolished by 1815.
 Renaissance Tower is a 886 ft (270 m) 56-story modernist skyscraper at 1201 Elm Street in downtown Dallas Texas. The tower is the second tallest in the city the fifth tallest in Texas and the 24th tallest in the United States. Renaissance Tower was designed by the architectural firm Hellmuth Obata and Kassabaum completed in 1974 and renovated by architects Skidmore Owings and Merrill in 1986. Major tenants include Neiman Marcus Group Southwest Securities and Godwin Lewis PC.
 Congregation B'nai Israel is a Reform Jewish synagogue located in Bridgeport Connecticut. It is the oldest Jewish congregation in Bridgeport and the third oldest in Connecticut.B'nai Israel was established by a group of German Jewish immigrants as an Orthodox synagogue in 1859. The congregation's first rabbi was A. Jacobs. B'nai Israel established a Hebrew school in 1863.For its first fifty years B'nai Israel did not have a permanent home.
 The Great Synagogue of London was for centuries the centre of Ashkenazi synagogue and Jewish life in London. It was destroyed during World War II in the Blitz.
 Hawkwood is an Italianate-villa style country house near Gordonsville Virginia. The house was designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis of New York in 1851 for Richard Overton Morris of the locally prominent Morris family and was completed in 1855.
 Northpoint Shopping Centre (Chinese: 纳福坊) is the first major suburban shopping mall in Singapore which opened in 1992.Northpoint is conveniently located opposite Yishun MRT station and next to the Yishun Bus Interchange. It completed asset enhancement works in early 2010 to refresh the mall and integrate it with its new wing Northpoint 2. The centre has a combined net lettable area of 235000 sq ft (21800 m2) which consists of numerous retail stores.
 Adderley Hall was a historic country house in Adderley near Market Drayton in Shropshire England. The first house was burned down in 1877 and a new Victorian house was built and completed in 1881. It was demolished in 1955.
 St. John United Methodist Church is a historic church on College Street in Shelbyville Kentucky.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1984.The present day church meets in a modern building at 212 Martin Luther King Junior Street Shelbyville.
 The Atwood-Blauvelt mansion is a historic residential building built in 1897 and home to the Hiram Blauvelt Art Museum. It is located on Kinderkamack Road in Oradell New Jersey. The mansion is a prominent example of shingle style architecture which was popular in the United States in the late 19th Century.
 The Sheldonian Theatre located in Oxford England was built from 1664 to 1668 after a design by Christopher Wren for the University of Oxford. The building is named after Gilbert Sheldon chancellor of the university at the time and the project's main financial backer. It is used for music concerts lectures and university ceremonies but not for drama.
 Yoder Mill also known as Renninger Mill is a historic grist mill located in Pike Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1796 and is a 2 1/2-story frame building measuring 41 feet by 50 feet. It sits on a stone basement. It was rebuilt in 1885 after a fire. Also on the property is a contributing 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone miller's house (c. 1885) the headrace and millpond.
 The Dr. Joseph Maurer House is a historic house in Washington Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Summitt Historic District is a historic district on Summit Avenue Rochambeau Avenue Camp Street Memorial Road and Creston Way in Providence Rhode Island.The district features mid-nineteenth century revivals and late-Victorian houses and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Grand Hotel Moderne is a 106 room four star hotel located in Lourdes France.
 The Crawford-Gilpin House is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Martinsville Indiana United States thirty-four miles southeast of Indianapolis. It was placed on the Register on June 24 2008.
 The Bowsher Ford Covered Bridge is a single span Burr Arch truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton in 1915. It is 92 feet (28 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13.5 feet (4.1 m) high.
 The Timothy Paine House is a historic house at 140 Lincoln Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story timber frame house was built c. 1774-78. Built as a Georgian style house it was altered in the early 18th century to have more Federal characteristics.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Town Center Corte Madera is an upscale shopping center located in Corte Madera California. It is located off U.S. Route 101 on Tamalpais Drive. It is anchored by a Safeway supermarket and Barnes & Noble. It is located across the freeway from The Village at Corte Madera and the two shopping centers provide much of the city of Corte Madera's income from retail sales tax. The Town Center is owned by 770 Tamalpais Drive Inc. The owner of that corporation is Morgan Stanley
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Alsager is located in Crewe Road Alsager Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Congleton the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Meadowlawn also known as the 'Hagood House is an antebellum plantation mansion built in the Greek revival style in Lowndsboro Alabama United States. It is a contributing property to the Lowndesboro Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 1973.
 Stephen Sherrill House is a historic home located at East Hampton in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1857 and is a frame Greek Revival / Italianate residence. It is a two story gable front side entrance residence with a three bay wide front facade. Also on the property is the former kitchen wing believed to date to 1802 and moved to its present location in 1927 and a wind pump tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Robert Wilson House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1823 and is a two-story five bay stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof. The house has small wings on both sides. It features a formal entryway with pilasters and an elliptical fanlight. It is representative of a Federal style farmhouse.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Ida County Courthouse located in Ida Grove Iowa United States was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Honey Museum (Chinese: 蜜蜂故事館; pinyin: Mìfēng Gùshì Guǎn) is a museumabout honey in Gukeng Township Yunlin County Taiwan.
 Grand Hyatt Dubai is a hotel in the area of Zabeel in Dubai United Arab Emirates established in 2003 and owned by the ruler of Dubai; at the time its 674 rooms made it the largest hotel in Dubai. The restaurant serves Arabic cuisine.
 The Rothko Chapel is a non-denominational chapel in Houston Texas founded by John and Dominique de Menil. The interior serves not only as a chapel but also as a major work of modern art. On its walls are fourteen black but color hued paintings by Mark Rothko. The shape of the building an octagon inscribed in a Greek cross and the design of the chapel was largely influenced by the artist. Susan J.
 Fremont County Courthouse in St. Anthony Idaho was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Hawaii State Capitol is the official statehouse or capitol building of the U.S. state of Hawaii. From its chambers the executive and legislative branches perform the duties involved in governing the state. The Hawaii State Legislature—composed of the twenty-five member Hawaii State Senate led by the President of the Senate and the fifty-one member Hawaii State House of Representatives led by the Speaker of the House—convenes in the building.
 Daniel Steckel House is a historic home located at Bath Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1803 and is a 2 1/2 story Federal style limestone dwelling. It has an early-19th century brick addition housing a bake oven and a frame addition built between 1885 and 1918. It features two end-wall brick chimneys and more than 85-percent of the interior fabric remains intact. It was built as a showplace for the developing settlement of Bath.
 The Rialto Towers (often The Rialto) is a skyscraper located at 525 Collins Street in the western side of the central business district of Melbourne Victoria Australia.
 The Building at 237—239 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a historic commercial building constructed in 1910. It is a two story wood frame retail block which has retained even its original storefronts. It has a narrow cornice with plain brackets and some second-floor windows are paired and headed by triangular pediments.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The William Perkins House now known as the Freemount is a historic Greek Revival style house in Eutaw Alabama USA. The house is a two-story wood framed building on a raised brick foundation four monumental Ionic columns span the front portico. It was built in 1850 by William Perkins on the Eutaw Town Square. The house was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1934.
 Kasteel Wittem is a former restaurant located in Wittem in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1977-1989.In the period 1975-1979 head chef was Jan Vossen. At least in the period 1987-1990 Theus van Schaik was the head chef. Wim Rekko took over but could not retain the star.The restaurant was part of Hotel Kasteel Wittem which closed down in June 2009. The owners Marc and Peter Ritzen had run the hotel for 40 years.
 The White Mosque (Arabic: المسجد الأبيض‎) is the oldest mosque in Nazareth Israel and is located in Harat Alghama or the Mosque Quarter in the center of Nazareth's Old Market. Its exquisite pencil-shaped minaret cream-coloured walls green trim and green dome are just one example of the Ottoman architecture common throughout the city.
 Barts Health NHS Trust is an NHS Trust operating in the City of London and east London. It is part of UCL Partners.
 The Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building originally the Harlem State Office Building is a nineteen story high-rise office building located at 163 West 125th Street at the corner of Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It is named after Adam Clayton Powell Jr. the first African-American elected to Congress from New York and was designed by the African-American architecture firm of Ifill Johnson Hanchard in the Brutalist style.
 Eighth Avenue Place is a twin office tower project under construction on the former site of Calgary's historic Penny Lane Mall. The project initially kept the Penny Lane name however it has since been renamed. Concerns have been raised over the destruction of the 94-year-old Penny Lane Mall however the City of Calgary approved the project in March 2006. Demolition of the old mall was completed in September 2007.
 Green Mountain Seminary is a historic place off Vermont Route 100 in Waterbury Center Vermont.The seminary building was largely constructed around 1869 as a co-educational Free Will Baptist school. The Waterbury site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. As of 2009 the building is home to the Hunger Mountain Day Care Center and the Waterbury Center Library.
 St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos) is one of the oldest Coptic Orthodox parishes that was established in North America. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the US.
 The Central Pentecostal Tabernacle was a Pentecostal church in Edmonton Canada that stood until 2007. The large complex covered an entire city block featured a cedar and glass pyramid and included several buildings and the associated Northwest Bible College (now Vanguard College).The site was locally famous as the location of the Singing Christmas Tree choir concerts. The complex belonged to the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada and was the denomination's largest church at one point.
 Meadows Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The Meadows farmhouse was built about 1900 and is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped frame residence with restrained Queen Anne–style detailing. The eadows guesthouse was built about 1815 in a rural vernacular Federal style. Also on the property are two barns shed smokehouse well and machine shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Cardiff Story (Welsh: Stori Caerdydd) is a museum in Cardiff Wales which exhibits the history of the city. The museum opened on 1 April 2011 and entrance is free. The heritage museum has brought together a collection of 3000 objects and Cardiff-related artefacts many donated from Cardiff residents and communities.
 The General John Hathorn Stone House is located on Hathorn Road in the town of Warwick New York United States just off NY 94 a mile south of the village of Warwick. It was built by Hathorn in 1773 but expanded considerably in the mid-19th century.It is on a 14-acre (5.6-ha) lot the remainder of the original 300 acres (120 ha) Hathorn and his family farmed. In 2001 it and an early-19th-century outbuilding were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Knarvik Church (Norwegian: Knarvik kyrkje) is a parish church that is currently under construction in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Knarvik. The church is part of the Alversund parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The modern-style wooden church is planned to be completed and consecrated in the fall of 2014.
 The George Hotel also known as The George Inn and now marketed as the Ramada Crawley Gatwick is a hotel and former coaching inn on the High Street in Crawley a town and borough in West Sussex England. The George was one of England's most famous and successful coaching inns and the most important in Sussex because of its location halfway between the capital city London and the fashionable seaside resort of Brighton.
 The Río Piedras State Penitentiary also known as Puerto Rico Island Penitentiary or Oso Blanco (or White Bear in English) was a correctional facility located in Río Piedras Puerto Rico. The institution opened in 1933 under the government of James R.
 Linden Hall at Saint James Park is a historic estate and national historic district located at Lower Tyrone Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. The district includes three contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing object. The mansion was built between 1909 and 1911 and is a 2 1/2-story stone and stucco dwelling in the Tudor Revival style. The mansion has 31 rooms and is in the shape of a crescent.
 Asahel Warner House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1810 and is a large two story three bay rectangular frame dwelling with its gable end oriented toward the street. A one story kitchen wing is located at the rear. It was remodeled in the 1860s / 1870s and in 1907 and features Italianate details. A third floor attic contains a Masonic Lodge meeting room with paneling dated to 1907.
 Rigbie House also known as Phillip's Purchase is a historic home located at Berkley Harford County Maryland. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame and stone structure built about 1781. It was one of a series of forest outposts fortified against the Indians and representing Lord Baltimore’s claim of 1632 to land extending north to the 40th parallel.
 Neuweiler Brewery also known as Germania Brewery is a historic brewery complex located at Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. The complex was built between 1911 and 1913 and consists of the office building brew house stock house pump house wash house chemistry lab building boiler room bottling house garage fermenting cellar and smokestack with the name Neuweiler on it. The office building is a two-story brick and granite building.
 Deekshabhoomi (Marathi: दीक्षाभूमि) is a sacred monument of Buddhism at the place where the architect of the Indian Constitution Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar went back to Buddhism along with his about 500000 followers on 14 October 1956. Ambedkar's return to Buddhism is still an important matter for many in India.Deekshabhoomi is situated in Nagpur Maharashtra a location regarded as a pilgrimage center of Buddhism in India.
 St Nicholas and St Peter ad Vincula Church is located in Curdworth Warwickshire England. It is dedicated to St Nicholas and St Peter ad Vincula.
 Valloires Abbey is a 12th-century Cistercian abbey situated in the commune of Argoules in the Somme department of France.The Abbey de Valloires is also the burial place of the Comte de Ponthieu with nearly every Count from the 12th to the 14th centuries buried there.
 Union Meetinghouse (The Old Meeting House; East Montpelier Center Meeting House) is a historic meeting house on Center Road in East Montpelier Vermont.It was built in 1823 and served as a house of worship for the Methodists and was used for town government meetings. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Renick House also known as Paint Hill is a historic house in western Chillicothe Ohio United States. Built in 1804 it is a two-story stone structure in the shape of the letter L. Among its most prominent features are gables and large chimneys on each end a massive central chimney and a central front entrance with a fanlight and a porch with decorative pediment.
 The Carter-Terry-Call House on E. 800 S. in Orem Utah is believed to have been built in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998.According to its NRHP nomination the house reflects the evolution of Orem during 1899 to 1941. The person of greatest significance associated with the house is Otis Terry Jr. who was a religious leader and a civic leader.
 The McVickar House is located on Main Street in Irvington New York United States. It is a wooden frame house built in the middle of the 19th century in the Greek Revival architectural style with some Picturesque decorative touches added later.
 The Brady Theater (formerly Tulsa Convention Hall and Tulsa Municipal Theater) is a theater and convention hall in Tulsa Oklahoma United States. It was originally completed in 1914 and remodeled in 1930 and 1952. The building was used as a detention center during the 1921 Tulsa Race Riot. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and remains in use as a theater today.
 Assunta Hospital (Chinese: 阿松大医院; Malay: Hospital Assunta) is a private hospital in Petaling Jaya Selangor Malaysia. Assunta Hospital was founded by a group of missionaries from the Franciscan Missionaries of Mary (FMM) in 1954.
 Roskilde Mansion (Danish: Det Gule Palæ i Roskilde) also known as Roskilde Palace and as the Yellow Mansion (Danish: Det Gule Palæ) is a former royal Baroque mansion in central Roskilde Denmark. Located just east of Roskilde Cathedral it now houses both an exhibition veneue for contemporary art and the office and official residence of the Bishop of Roskilde.
 The Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola at Campus Martius (Italian: Chiesa di Sant'Ignazio di Loyola in Campo Marzio Latin: Ecclesia Santi Ignatii a Loyola in Campo Martio) is a Roman Catholic titular church dedicated to Ignatius of Loyola the founder of the Society of Jesus located in Rome Italy.
 The Banks Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in Wilmington Township Lawrence County Pennsylvania United States. It spans the Neshannock Creek southeast of New Wilmington. Constructed in 1889 the bridge is a Burr arch truss built on stone foundations and supported by steel girders; it is 121 feet (37 m) long.Unlike many Pennsylvania counties Lawrence County never possessed many covered bridges; perhaps only five such bridges were ever built in the county.
 The Semevolos Farm near Butte North Dakota United States is a farm that was homesteaded by John and Rose Semevolos in 1903 and one or more of its buildings were developed in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.According to its nomination the Semevolos house is architecturally significant as a near 'textbook' example of one of two identified Ukrainian immigrant building types. It has a blue door.
 The Spieth and Krug Brewery also known as Union Hall and Maxey Block is a brewery established in 1867 in Bozeman Montana by two German immigrants Jacob Spieth and Charles Krug. The current building was built in 1882. In 1895 the brewery was bought by Julius Lehrkind whose descendants still operate beverage businesses in Bozeman.
 The Ome Railway Park (青梅鉄道公園 Ōme Tetsudō Kōen) is a railway museum in Ōme Tokyo Japan. It opened in 1962 and is operated by the East Japan Railway Culture Foundation a foundation established by East Japan Railway Company.
 First Congregational Church of Buxton is a historic church on ME 112 in Buxton Maine.It was built in 1822 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (MCI) aims to be the center for specialized conservation and technical collection research for all of the Smithsonian museums and collections.
 Parkland Medical Center is a hospital in Derry New Hampshire. It currently is licensed for 86 beds and is a Trauma III hospital. Parkland started in 1983 and has grown to become a premier hospital in southern New Hampshire. It has numerous awards for cardiovascular treatments.
 The Church of St Decuman in Watchet Somerset England has a 13th-century chancel with the rest of the church being from the 15th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The dedication is because Watchet is believed to be the place where Saint Decuman was killed.The church stands on a prominent site overlooking the town.
 Catholic Presbytery Toodyay (fmr) is situated on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia.The place was built to accommodate the resident priest at the St John the Baptist Church Toodyay and has also been used as an education centre.In 1923 the building was officially opened in front of a large crowd by Patrick Clune Lord Archbishop of Perth. Showers of rain spoiled the occasion the guests having to crowd onto the verandah. Mr. and Mrs. B.M.
 Joseph Young House is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1835 and is a two-story five bay fieldstone dwelling in a Georgian / Federal style. It has a large two-story stone rear kitchen and bedroom wing. It has a gable roof and features a central entrance with semi-circular fanlight and dual gable end chimneys with parapets.
 The Railway Museum in Warsaw (Muzeum Kolejnictwa w Warszawie) is located in the former Warsaw Główna PKP railway terminus and is very near to the Warszawa Ochota railway station. The museum's exhibits are divided into permanent and temporary collections — the latter being displayed inside the museum's galleries. The permanent collection consists of historic rolling stock that is displayed on the tracks outside.
 St. James Garlickhythe is a Church of England parish church in Vintry ward of the City of London nicknamed ‘Wren’s lantern’ owing to its profusion of windows. Recorded since the 12th century the church was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. It is also the official church of eleven City livery companies.
 Fort Pike is a decommissioned 19th century fort named after Brigadier General Zebulon Montgomery Pike which formerly guarded the Rigolets pass in Louisiana. It was near the community of Petite Coquille Louisiana and now within the city limits of New Orleans and was long a tourist attraction. It was damaged by the Hurricane Katrina storm surge in 2005.The fort was built in 1818 to guard against British reinvasion of the United States.
 The Crossings at Northwest formerly Northwest Plaza shopping mall located in St. Ann a suburb of St. Louis Missouri United States. The mall comprised nearly 1770000 square feet (164438.4 m2) of gross leasable area making it the 27th largest mall in the United States according to the International Council of Shopping Centers prior to its closure. With a total of 1900000 square feet (180000 m2) of enclosed space it was the largest enclosed mall in the state of Missouri.
 Thainston is a farm complex and national historic district in La Plata Charles County Maryland United States. The main house is a two-story L-shaped brick house built in 1865 and enlarged early in the 20th century. It was designed by Eben Faxon a Baltimore architect and constructed under the supervision of Charles Ogle a building contractor also from Baltimore. The farm developed between 1865 and the 1930s.
 The 650-foot (200 m) Dale Creek Crossing completed in 1868 in southeastern Wyoming Territory presented engineers of the United States' first transcontinental railroad one of their most difficult challenges. Dale Creek Bridge the longest bridge on the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) reached 150 feet (46 m) above Dale Creek two miles west of Sherman Wyoming.
 Bayou Rouge Baptist Church is a historic church at Church and College Streets in Evergreen Louisiana.It was built in 1869 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The King David Kalakaua Building in Honolulu Hawaii is a government building formerly known as the U.S. Post Office Customhouse and Courthouse. It was the official seat of administration in the Territory of Hawaii and state of Hawaii for the United States federal government.
 Somerhill House is a Grade I listed Jacobean mansion situated near Tonbridge Kent United Kingdom. It was built for Richard de Burgh in 1611–13. The estate was sequestrated by Parliament in 1645 and restored to its rightful owner in 1660. The building had become derelict by the mid-eighteenth century but was later restored. Somerhill was painted by Turner in 1811.
 St. Peter's Rock Baptist Church (also known as Greater Little Rock Quartet Singing Center) is a historic church at 1401 W 18th Street in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1941 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The Latrobe Gate (also known as Main Gate Washington Navy Yard) is a historic gatehouse located at the Washington Navy Yard in Southeast Washington D.C. Built in 1806 and substantially altered in 1881 the ceremonial entrance to the U.S. Navy's oldest shore establishment is an example of Greek Revival and Italianate architecture. It was designed by the second Architect of the Capitol Benjamin Henry Latrobe whose works include St.
 The White-Ellery House is a historic house located at 247 Washington Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is owned and operated by the Cape Ann Museum whose headquarters is located at 27 Pleasant Street in Gloucester.
 Leonard Stanley Priory was a priory in Gloucestershire England.
 Darlinghurst Gaol was an Australian prison located in Darlinghurst New South Wales. The site is bordered by Victoria Burton and Forbes streets with entrances on Forbes and Burton Streets.
 One Financial Plaza is a 374 ft (114 m) 28-story building in downtown Fort Lauderdale Florida was opened in 1972. At the time of its opening it was the tallest building in the Fort Lauderdale area. It has since been surpassed by several buildings. Currently it is the city's fourth tallest building.One Financial Plaza bears a striking resemblance to the Chase Tower in Amarillo Texas.
 Elvaston Castle is a historic stately home in Elvaston Derbyshire England. The Gothic Revival castle and surrounding parkland is run and owned by Derbyshire County Council as a country park known as Elvaston Castle Country Park. The country park has 200 acres (0.81 km2) of woodlands parkland and formal gardens.The centrepiece of the estate is the Grade II* Listed Elvaston Castle.
 The Leverett Saltonstall Building is a high-rise building located in the Government Center district of Boston Massachusetts. The building stands at 396 feet (121 m) with 22 floors and was completed in 1965. It is tied with One Devonshire Place and Harbor Towers II as the 28th-tallest building in Boston. The architectural firm who designed the building was Emery Roth & Sons. The Saltonstall Building is notable for its distinctive International style architecture.
 The Mackinnon Memorial Hospital also known as Broadford Hospital is intermediate between a rural general hospital and community hospital located in the village of Broadford on the Isle of Skye. It is run by NHS Highland and Argyll. The hospital is one of few under the umbrella of NHS Scotland in which the medical staff are rural practitioners general practitioners with specialised training in trauma and anaesthetics.
 The Masonic Temple in Kirksville Missouri serves as the home for Kirksville Masonic lodge No. 105. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 7 2010.
 The William B. and Mary Chase Stratton House is a private house located at 938 Three Mile Dr. in Grosse Pointe Park Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Drapers' Hall is a historic building (Grade II* listed) in the Cathedral Quarter of Coventry built in 1832 by the Drapers' Company a large trading guild in Coventry. The building was the third on the site and was the headquarters of the guild.
 The Woodford Street Historic District includes a cohesive collection of five triple decker houses at 35-39 and 38-40 Woodford Street in Worcester Massachusetts. All five were built c. 1926 and are predominantly Colonial Revival in style although with some Craftsman features. Instead of having a more typical polgyonal bay on one side of an asymmetrical facade these houses have panels of four windows that do not project.
 Fort O'Brien State Historic Site also known as Fort Machias' preserves the remains of a fort located in Machiasport Maine that was built and destroyed three times over a 90 year period. The first fort was built in 1775 to guard the Machias River and its communities and destroyed by the British during the American Revolutionary War in the same year. The fort was rebuilt in 1777 and then destroyed by the British in 1814 during the War of 1812.
 The Maeser Building also known as the MSRB is a building that houses classrooms administrative offices and an assembly hall for the Brigham Young University Honors Program on the university's campus in Provo Utah. The building is named for Karl G. Maeser.
 Old Madison County Courthouse is a historic courthouse and institutional building located at Morrisville in Madison County New York. It is a detached two story rectangular frame building measuring 42 feet by 88 feet with a full basement. It was built in 1865 and expanded to its present size in 1877. In 1910 the building was acquired by the State of New York for classroom space for the agricultural college established at Morrisville.
 Lordville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located on Lordville Road in Lordville in Delaware County New York. It is a single story frame building built in 1896. It features a steep gable roof and open square shaped belfry.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Fisher–Nash–Griggs House also known as the Cottage Home is a historic high-style Greek Revival house in the city of Ottawa Illinois USA. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Lewisburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Lewisburg Union County Pennsylvania. The district includes 853 contributing buildings 2 contributing sites 11 contributing structures and 2 contributing objects in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Lewisburg.
 J. B. Courtney Woolen Mills are textile manufacturing mills in Appleton Wisconsin United States. The company was originally owned by the Kelley family and was purchased by the Courtney family in 1904. Afterwards the company changed its name from Kelley Knitting Company to J. B. Courtney Woolen Mills. The mills added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for their industrial and architectural significance.
 St Stephen's Church Copley is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Copley West Yorkshire England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Palms Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in the Christchurch New Zealand suburb of Shirley 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the city's CBD.
 Independent Order of Odd Fellows Building is a historic building in San Diego California's Gaslamp Quarter. Built in 1882 the Odd Fellows Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Wethersfield State Prison was the second state prison in the state of Connecticut. Used between 1827 and 1963 it was later demolished and the site turned into a park on the banks of the Connecticut River.
 The Jewish Museum of Florida is located in two restored historic buildings that were formerly synagogues at 301 & 311 Washington Ave. in Miami Beach Florida. The main Museum building at 301 Washington Ave. was built in 1936 is on the National Register of Historic Places has Art Deco features a copper dome a marble bimah and 80 stained glass windows.
 The ZCBJ Lodge No. 46 also known as Bohemian Hall is an historic building located in Prague Oklahoma that was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 8 1984. The building historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community hosting a Zapadni Ceska Bratrska Jednota lodge that was the oldest Czech fraternal order in Oklahoma.
 Traveller's Rest — also known as the General Horatio Gates Home — is a historic house located near Kearneysville Jefferson County West Virginia. It was the home of General Horatio Gates. The eastern section was built in 1773 with the western added a few years later. The eastern section is a 1 1/2 story structure over a full basement with a gable roof. It measures about 34 feet wide and 30 feet deep.
 Tønsberg Cathedral (in Norway: Tønsberg Domkirke) is a Lutheran church in the Church of Norway and is home to the Diocese of Tunsberg. It is located in Tønsberg Norway. Originally a parish church that was elevated to cathedral in 1948 when the Diocese of Tunsberg was created detached from that of Oslo.The cathedral is built over the ruins of St. Laurentius Church which was built in the first half of the 12th century and demolished in 1814.
 St Alban's Church Broadheath is located in Lindsell Road Broadheath Altrincham Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowden the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Chiswell's Inheritance also known as Chiswell's Manor Chiswell's Delight and Grayhaven Manor is a historic home located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is a two-story five-bay brick plantation house with an attached kitchen wing on the south end. Inlaid in glazed brick near the peak of the gable is the inscription C S with the date 1796 below.Chiswell's Inheritance was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 St Chad's Church Hopwas is in the village of Hopwas Staffordshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Tamworth the archdeaconry of Lichfield and the diocese of Lichfield. Its benefice is combined with those of St Editha Tamworth St Francis Leyfields and St Andrew Kettlebrook. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building
 The Pennsylvania State University Creamery often shortened to just Berkey Creamery or The Creamery is a producer and vendor of ice cream sherbet and cheese all made through the Department of Food Science in the College of Agricultural Sciences of the Pennsylvania State University.
 Armenian Library and Museum of America (ALMA) located in Watertown Massachusetts United States is an institution that has the largest collection of Armenian artifacts in North America.
 The Hotel Andaluz was built in 1939 as the Hilton Hotel and operated most recently for the past twenty-odd years as La Posada de Albuquerque. It is a historic building located at 125 2nd Street NW in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico.
 Istanbul Congress Center shortly ICC (Turkish: İstanbul Kongre Merkezi) is a convention center located at Harbiye neighborhood of Şişli district in Istanbul Turkey. Opened on October 17 2009 it is owned by Istanbul Metropolitan Municality.Situated adjacent to Harbiye Muhsin Ertuğrul Stage it is a multi-level complex which was built to host the 2009 IMF and World Bank Group Annual Meeting.
 The Sawyers Crossing Covered Bridge also known as the Cresson Bridge is a wooden covered bridge carrying Sawyers Crossing Road over the Ashuelot River in northern Swanzey New Hampshire. It is a two-span Town truss construction resting on abutments and a central pier made of split granite. It was built in 1859 to replace a bridge built in 1771. It is 117 feet (36 m) long and 17 feet (5.2 m) wide.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Central Warehouse is a small warehouse in Salt Lake City Utah that was built in 1929 for George E. Chandler. The architectural design construction technique and its historic integrity make this structure one of the best examples of a warehouse in the city. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Old Greektown station served by UTA TRAX light rail trains is in the middle of the street (200 south) in front of it.
 Linthicum Heights Historic District is a national historic district at Linthicum Heights Anne Arundel County Maryland. It consists of a suburban community surrounding the intersection of Camp Meade Road (MD 170) and Maple Road. The community is situated on a series of low hills about three miles south of the Patapsco River and includes 17 tree-shaded streets created originally as a planned railroad suburb on the lines connecting Baltimore Annapolis and Washington beginning in 1908.
 The Indianapolis Motor Speedway located in Speedway Indiana (an enclave suburb of Indianapolis) in the United States is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400.Constructed in 1909 it is the original Speedway the first racing facility so named. It has a permanent seating capacity estimated at 257325 with infield seating raising capacity to an approximate 400000.
 The Aycock Birthplace also known as the Charles B. Aycock Birthplace is a historic home in Wayne County North Carolina and a historic site managed by the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources' Historic Sites division. The property was the location of the birth of Governor Charles Brantley Aycock in 1859 and exhibits at the historic site serve to tell the story of the Governor's political career and the reforms he enacted while in office.
 The Fleming Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Dolge Company Factory Complex also known as Alfred Dolge and Sons Felt and Sounding Board Factories and Daniel Green Factory Complex is a national historic district located at Dolgeville in Herkimer County New York. The district contains 10 contributing buildings and one contributing structure.
 Exeter was a late 18th century Georgian house near Leesburg Virginia that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places from 1973 to August 1980 when it was destroyed by fire and subsequently de-listed from the National Register. The house and its dependencies were unusually elaborate for northern Virginia.
 Second Baptist Society of Ulysses now known as Trumansburg Conservatory for the Arts is a historic Baptist church located at Trumansburg in Tompkins County New York. It is composed of a rectangular plan front gable main block built 1849-1851 with a later frame addition with a hipped roof completed about 1902. It measures 54.5 feet wide by 85 feet deep with an additional 10 feet for the porch or verandah.
 Vršovice Savings Bank Building (in Czech: Vršovická záložna or Vršovická spořitelna) is a Neo-Renaissance building which is located in Prague 10-Vršovice. The architect of the building was Antonin Balšánek.
 The Fire temple of Isfahan (Persian: آتشگاه اصفهان‎ Âtašgâh-e Esfahân also Romanized as Ātashgāh-e Esfahān) is a Sassanid-era archaeological complex located on a hill of the same name about eight kilometers west of city center of Isfahan Iran.The hill which rises about 210 meters above the surrounding plain was previously called Maras or Marabin after a village near there and it is by that name that the site is referred to by Arab historians.
 Norwood Hills Country Club also known as North Hills Country Club is a country club located in or near St. Louis Missouri. Norwood Hills Country Club has a rich tradition and history dating back to the 1920s when Norwood found its beginning as North Hills Country Club. It has an excellent youth golf program and is the home course to Lutheran North High School. Norwood is very youth oriented and friendly.
 The Church of the Holy Family is a Catholic Church located in Downtown Columbus Georgia United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places September 29 1980.
 Neville House is a historic home located at New Brighton Staten Island New York. It was built about 1770 and is constructed of red quarried sandstone. It is in two sections: a 2 1⁄2-story main section and 1 1⁄2-story east wing each covered by a gable roof. It features a 2-story verandah.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Bermuda Hill also known as the Liver House is a historic plantation house near Prairieville Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.The vernacular Greek Revival structure that exists today is an example of the I-house form with an earlier two-story log dogtrot house incorporated within its weather-boarded exterior.
 The Israelite Church of God in Jesus Christ (ICGJC) formerly known as the Israeli Church of Universal Practical Knowledge is the 2nd largest Black Hebrew Israelite organization in the United States. The 1st being Nation of Yahweh.
 Wat Hua Lamphong (Thai: วัดหัวลำโพง) is a Royal Buddhist temple third class in the Bang Rak District of Bangkok Thailand.It is located on Rama IV Road with Si Lom Road and Suriwong Road in Bangkok's modern business district to the southeast and Si Phraya Road to the northwest. It is a block from The Montien hotel and approximately 1 km from the city's main Hua Lamphong railway station.
 The Neustädter Kirche (church of the new town) is a main Lutheran parish church in Hanover Lower Saxony Germany. The official name is Neustädter Hof- und Stadtkirche St. Johannis zu Hannover (St. John's Church of the court and the city in the New Town at Hanover). The Baroque church was built in 1666–70. It is one of the oldest Protestant Saalkirche (Aisleless church) in Lower Saxony conceived for the sermon as the main act of Lutheran church service.
 Downham Market Leisure Centre located on the Downham Market High School site is a leisure centre owned by The Borough Council of King's Lynn & West Norfolk. The leisure centre is located on Bexwell Road Downham Market and is shared with Downham Market High School which is situated on the same site.
 The Jose and Gertrude Anasola House near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1913 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Prägrad Castle (German: Burgruine Prägrad) is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Venetian Court is a residential seaside resort located in Capitola California. Construction of Venetian Court in the Mediterranean Revival Spanish Colonial Revival and Mission Revival architecture styles began in 1924 and continued for several years.
 The Indianapolis Art Center (known colloquially as the IAC) is an art center located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. The Center founded in 1934 by the Works Project Administration during the Great Depression as the Indianapolis Art League is located along the White River.
 Evans-Tibbs House is an historic house in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is a contributing property in the Greater U Street Historic District.
 The London Studios (also known as The London Television Centre and sometimes referred to as ITV Towers) in Waterloo Central London is a television studio complex formerly owned by London Weekend Television. The studios are located in Central London and is situated on the South Bank next to The IBM Building and the Royal National Theatre.Since January 2013 the studio complex has been owned by ITV plc which bought the freehold for £56 million from the former landlord Coal Pension Properties.
 Bowling Green is a station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line of the New York City Subway located at Broadway and Battery Place (at the Bowling Green) in the Financial District of Manhattan. It is served by the 4 train at all times and the 5 train at all times except late nights.
 San Lorenzo in Damaso (Saint Lawrence in the House of Damasus) is a basilica church in central Rome Italy. It is incorporated into the Palazzo della Cancelleria.
 The Barnegat Light Public School was the one-room schoolhouse for the borough of Barnegat Light Ocean County New Jersey United States from 1903 until June 15 1951. It became the Barnegat Light Historical Society Museum in 1954.Among other things the museum houses the first degree Fresnel lens from Barnegat Lighthouse.The schoolhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Sonneborn Building also known as Paca-Pratt Building is a historic loft building in Baltimore Maryland United States. Designed by Theodore Wells Pietsch it is a nine-story loft building constructed in 1905 of fireproof reinforced-concrete construction faced in buff-colored brick with a coursed ashlar foundation and stone trim. Its detailing reflects the Neoclassical Revival of the early 20th century.
 The Sunnyvale Heritage Park Museum is a historical museum located in Sunnyvale California. Located next to the Sunnyvale Community Center and the Heritage Orchard the museum is a replica of the original Murphy Family Home.The Martin Murphy family founders of the City of Sunnyvale constructed the Murphy Family Home in the 1850s.
 Hearthstone Castle in Danbury Connecticut was built between 1895-1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It has also been known as Parks' Castle and as The Castle. The property includes four contributing buildings and three other contributing structures. Today the castle is owned by the City of Danbury and is located in Tarrywile Park.
 The St. Elisabeth Gasthuis (EG) is a former hospital complex of buildings founded in 1581 in Haarlem on the Gasthuisvest. The last location of the hospital on the Boerhaavelaan retains its hospital function and is part of the Kennemer Gasthuis (KG) today. The hospital complex on the Gasthuisvest was built for the Minnebroers monastery and was reclaimed after the Protestant reformation in 1581 and given by the city council to the hospital.
 The Peter T. Flawn Academic Center (abbreviated FAC formerly the Undergraduate Library and Academic Center) is an undergraduate library and technology and collaboration facility located on the University of Texas at Austin campus. The center named after former university president Peter T. Flawn in 1983 opened between 1963 and 1964.
 Handale Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire England. It was founded in 1133 by William son of Roger de Percy.
 The Cherokee National Capitol in Tahlequah Oklahoma was the capitol building of the Cherokee Nation from 1869 to 1907 when Oklahoma became a state.The Cherokee Nation had set up its government quickly after removal to Indian Territory in 1838. In addition to establishing its courts and council the Nation built seminaries for both male and female students as education was highly valued. The capitol was constructed from 1867-1869 following the American Civil War.
 Gravetye Manor is a manor house located near East Grinstead West Sussex England. The former home of William Robinson it is now a hotel and restaurant.As of 2008 holding one star in the Michelin Guide.
 The Colored Soldiers Monument in Frankfort Kentucky's Green Hill Cemetery at the corner of US-60 and US-127 is the only Kentucky monument to black soldiers that participated in the American Civil War and one of only four in the entire United States. The GAR Monument in Covington is the only other monument built by the Grand Army of the Republic in the state of Kentucky.
 Eagle Island is a State Historic Site in the United States state of Maine. It is an island in Casco Bay Maine and is preserved because it is the site of the retirement home of Admiral Robert Peary the polar explorer. Peary bought the island in 1881 and retired there in 1911 after he had achieved fame and glory with his (sometimes disputed) expedition to the North Pole.
 The Governor Henry Lippitt House is a museum located in Providence Rhode Island.
 The Sanderling Beach Club is a historic Sarasota School of Architecture building in Sarasota Florida United States. It was designed in 1952 by architect Paul Rudolph.The club is located at 105 Beach Road Sarasota. On June 29 1994 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Grand River Hospital is a 630-bed hospital serving Waterloo Region Ontario Canada and surrounding communities primarily through its KW and Freeport Sites both located in Kitchener.
 The Lake Agnes Cabin located 2.5 miles from State Highway 14 near Cameron Pass near Gould Colorado was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.It is a 22-by-18.5-foot (6.7 m × 5.6 m) log cabin built of peeled lodgepole pine logs located about .8 miles (1.3 km) below Lake Agnes which is in a cirque.
 Bury Castle is an early medieval moated manor house in Bury Greater Manchester (grid reference SD803108). It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument. The manor house was built by Sir Thomas Pilkington – lord of the manors of Bury and Pilkington and an influential member of Lancashire's gentry – in 1469.
 The Cincinnati Fire Museum preserves and exhibits Greater Cincinnati Ohio's firefighting artifacts and honors firefighters both past and present. The fire museum is housed in a restored 1907 firehouse the Court Street Firehouse at 315 West Court Street (near Plum Street in Downtown Cincinnati). The Court Street Firehouse is a registered historic building listed in the National Register on July 18 1974. Over 200 years of firefighting history is on display in the Cincinnati Fire Museum.
 North Hill Centre is a shopping mall in Calgary. Alberta. The mall was opened in June 1958 and was Western Canada's largest shopping mall at the time. It was also Calgary's first ever shopping mall as well as the first Calgary store to offer late-night shopping. The original anchor tenant was Simpsons-Sears. which still operates today in its original location as Sears Canada. The mall opened at 1632 14 Ave N.W. in June 1958 offering about 30 stores and services.
 Junction 10 (formerly known as Ten Mile Junction Chinese: 十里广场 stylized as Junct10n) is a shopping mall located at the junction between Woodlands Road and Choa Chu Kang Road. Named after the defunct KTM tenth-mile railway line mark of the former Tanjong Pagar to Kranji part of its Singapore mainline from Upper Bukit Timah Road it also doubles up as SMRT's Ten Mile Junction Depot for the Bukit Panjang LRT system and is the headquarters for SMRT Light Rail.
 The Royal Buckinghamshire Hospital (colloquially called the Royal Bucks) was founded in 1832 in response to the cholera epidemic that swept across England at that time. It is situated in Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire.
 St. James Catholic Church and Cemetery also known as St. James at Sag Bridge Church is an historic church and cemetery in the Sag Bridge area of the village of Lemont Illinois. It is situated on a high bluff at the western tip of the glacier-carved Mount Forest Island overlooking the Calumet Sag Channel and the community of Sag Bridge.
 St Mary's Church Long Crichel is in the hamlet of Long Crichel Dorset England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church that has been under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches since 2010. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Warnors Theatre is an historic theater in downtown Fresno California. The two thousand seat venue opened in 1928 as the Pantages Theater after the name of its then owner Alexander Pantages and later the Warner Theater in 1929 after it was purchased by Warner Brothers. The name was changed again in the 1960s to Warnors to avoid trademark issues.The theater was designed by B. Marcus Priteca and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The James C. and Mary A. Costello House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Cape Town City Hall is a large Edwardian building in Cape Town city centre which was built in 1905. It is located on the Grand Parade to the west of the Castle and is built from honey-coloured oolitic limestone imported from Bath in England.
 The Jackson County Courthouse located at 413 4th Street in the city of Jackson Jackson County in the U.S. state of Minnesota consists of a Bedford limestone Beaux Arts courthouse featuring a high segmented dome adorned with a cast statue of Lady Justice columns supporting a gable overhang a shield pediment and symmetrical pavilions.The building was built by Charles Skooglun of Saint Paul at a cost $117435 in 1908-1909.
 St. Helen's Church Selston is a parish church in the Church of England in Selston Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
 The Taft Museum of Art is a historic house museum holding an fine art collection in Cincinnati. It is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in downtown Cincinnati Ohio and is a contributing property to the Lytle Park Historic DistrictThe building which houses the museum was built as a villa on the edge of Cincinnati about 1820 for Martin Baum and then was the residence of Nicholas Longworth.
 House at Upper Laurel Iron Works is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1872 and is a two-story stone banked dwelling with a gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Old Main built in 1886 was the first and is the oldest remaining building on the University of Wyoming campus in Laramie Wyoming. The building currently houses University administration.
 The Glendale Power House is a historic power station on the Housatonic River just off MA 183 in Stockbridge Massachusetts. The 1905 power house was the one of the first places in the United States where electricity was generated for the purpose of providing power to an industrial facility. It was built by Monument Mills of Housatonic Massachusetts at the site of a dam that dated to the 1840s for a papermaking operation.
 The Frigidaire Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was designed by William C. Knighton and Leslie D. Howell and completed in 1929 for Frigidaire which occupied the building until 1934.
 Saint Joseph Roman Catholic Church founded in 1855 is a historic German Catholic parish with a landmark church located at 1828 Jay Street in the Eastern Market - Lafayette Park neighborhood area just outside of downtown Detroit on the city's central east side. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places and deemed 'of national importance' due to its stained glass. It is one of three churches that make up Mother of Divine Mercy parish.
 The Church of St. James the Greater Apostle is a parish in Sokolniki Września County Poland built in the thirteenth century. Its consecration took place in 1416. The current church constructed in neo-baroque style was built 1926 and consecrated by August Hlond on 28 August 1932. It is one of 10 parishes within the deanery. On 6 September 2009 the Board of Greater Poland approved the list of operations for the Rural Development Programme for the years 2007 to 2013.
 The Sharon Valley Historic District is located around the junction of Kings Hill Sharon Valley and Sharon Station roads in Sharon Connecticut United States. It is a small community that grew up around an iron mining and refining operation during the late 19th century the first industry in Sharon.Many of the buildings within date from that era. Some are intact examples of their respective architectural styles. There are remains of the original industrial facilities and three iron bridges.
 The Tengku Ampuan Rahimah (TAR) Hospital in Klang (Malay: Hospital Besar Tengku Ampuan Rahimah Klang) also known as Klang General Hospital or Klang GH is a 864-bed government tertiary hospital located in the south of the royal town of Klang Selangor Malaysia.This hospital provides primary and selected tertiary care services. The hospital began operations in 1985 and is located not far from Istana Alam Shah and Bandar Bukit Tinggi.
 Frating Abbey was an abbey in Essex England.
 The New Taipei City Hakka Museum (Chinese: 新北市客家文化園區; pinyin: Xīnběishì Kèjiā Wénhuà Yuánqū) is a museum about the Hakka people in Sanxia District New Taipei Taiwan.
 John Casper Stoever Log House is a historic home located at New Holland Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1740 and is a 1 1/2-story 36 feet 6 inches by 22 feet log dwelling. It has corner posts to which the logs are attached with mortise and tenon joints. It had a gable roof with dormers and sat on a stone foundation. The log structure was covered with asbestos shingles over novelty siding.
 All Saints Church Kedleston is a redundant Anglican church standing adjacent to Kedleston Hall a country house in Derbyshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. Kedleston Hall is owned by the National Trust and the church is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Kedleston Hall has been occupied by the Curzon family for over 700 years.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Candelaria or simply La Candelaria Church as it is more popularly known is a Roman Catholic temple dedicated to the Virgin Mary under the title of Virgin of Candelaria. It is located in the center of the city of Medellín Colombia on the eastern side of Berrío Park. It is famous for being the oldest church in the city.It was the church of the Archdiocese of Medellín from 1868 to 1931 when this title passed to the Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception.
 Trolle-Ljungby Castle (Swedish: Trolle-Ljungby slott) is a castle in Kristianstad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. The Renaissance style castle is enclosed by a moat.
 The Old Bell is a pub in Henley-on-Thames Oxfordshire. It is locally acknowledged to be the oldest remaining building in the town (it was recently confirmed to date from 1325).
 The Spiritual Centre of RMIT is a building located at the City campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University). The centre provides space for worship to all staff and students of RMIT regardless of their faith and without showing favour to any one faith and houses the RMIT Chaplaincy service.
 The Canada Water Wells near jct. of Canada-Toto Rd.& Canada -Toto LoopBarrigada-Mangilao GU are water works that were built in 1937.They have also been known as Kanada as Chochugu' and as To'tu. The structures were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008; the listing included two contributing structures.A U.S.
 Theurrer-Wrigley House also known as the Wrigley Mansion is a historic building located in the Lincoln Park area of Chicago United States. The Italian Renaissance-style mansion was commissioned by Joseph Theurer owner of the Schoenhofen Brewing Company and purchased in 1911 by Chicago's Wrigley family. Listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 the house was built in 1896 by Richard Schmidt and possibly Hugh M.G.
 The Lafayette Lamb House is an historic building located in Clinton Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Perkins-Clark House is located in Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1861 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 14 1978.
 The Golden Gate as it is called in Christian literature is the oldest of the current gates in Jerusalem's Old City Walls. According to Jewish tradition the Shekhinah (שכינה) (Divine Presence) used to appear through this gate and will appear again when the Messiah comes (Ezekiel 44:1–3) and a new gate replaces the present one; that is why Jews used to pray for mercy at the former gate at this location. Hence the name Sha'ar HaRachamim (שער הרחמים) the Gate of Mercy.
 Hotel Paracas or the Hotel Paracas a Luxury Collection Resort is a five star luxury hotel and resort located in near Pisco Peru 240 kilometres south of Lima. The hotel was established in 1944 by Emilio Guimoye and is a small resort surrounded by desert at Paracas Bay on the Pacific coast. The Paracas is a prestigious name in Peru and many of the wealthiest businessmen in Peru from Lima visit the resort or have an apartment in the area.
 Poznań Town Hall or Ratusz is a historic building in the city of Poznań in western Poland located at the Poznań Old Town in the centre of Old Market Square (Stary Rynek). It used to serve as the Seat of local government until 1939 and now houses a museum.
 Busan Haeundae Doosan We’ve the Zenith is a complex of three residential towers which were completed in 2011.
 First Missionary Baptist Church is a historic church at 819 Cypress Street in New Bern North Carolina.It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 The Gardiners warehouse (grid reference ST596729) is on Straight Street Broad Plain Bristol England.It was built in 1865 by William Bruce Gingell and is an example of the Bristol Byzantine style. It was originally part of Christopher Thomas and Brothers' soap works but is now a warehouse. Some of the original florentine skyline ornament have since disappeared.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The Hotel Imperial also known as The Imperial is a five-star luxury hotel in Vienna Austria. It is located at Kärntner Ring on the Ringstraße.
 Metcalf-Franklin Farm is a historic farm at 142 Abbott Run Valley Road in Cumberland Rhode Island.The earliest part of the farm house was constructed in 1810 and it features Colonial and Greek Revival elements. The farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is now owned by the town and serves as a community gardening facility.
 Established in 1944 the Aga Khan Hospital Mombasa in Kenya is part of the Aga Khan Health Services (AKHS). It is a 96-bed acute care facility offering quality cost-effective and value-added health care. The Hospital provides general medical services specialist clinics and high-tech diagnostic services. It is part of the Aga Khan Health Services international referral system with links to the Aga Khan University Hospital Nairobi and Aga Khan University Hospital Karachi.
 Fairmount Park is the municipal park system of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It consists of 63 parks with 9200 acres (3700 ha) all overseen by the Philadelphia Department of Parks and Recreation successor to the Fairmount Park Commission in 2010. Fairmount Park is the largest landscaped urban park in the world.
 The Rye House at 122-132 Old Mount Tom Rd. in Litchfield Connecticut was built in 1910. The main house was designed by architect Wilson Eyre; a cottage was designed by Wilder and White. The property includes Tudor Revival and Bungalow/craftsman architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The listing included three contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing site on 52 acres (21 ha).
 The Netherlands Open Air Museum (Dutch: Nederlands Openluchtmuseum) is an open air museum and park located near Arnhem with antique houses farms and factories from different parts of the Netherlands. The Netherlands Open Air Museum is a national museum focusing on the culture associated with the everyday lives of ordinary people.
 Zagrepčanka is a business building located in Zagreb Croatia. The address is Savska 41 on the Savska Road and Vukovar Avenue intersection.
 Black Horse Tavern was a historic tavern in Canonsburg Pennsylvania.Black Horse Tavern was founded in 1794 by Henry Westbay a native of Ireland. That year during the early stages of the Whiskey Rebellion the rebels met at the Black Horse Tavern to plan attacks on federal forces. Leaders of the rebellion intercepted federal mail between Philadelphia and federal troops at the tavern.Some sources identify the Black Horse Tavern as the birthplace of the Whiskey Rebellion.
 Callie Furnace is a historic iron furnace located near Glen Wilton Botetourt County Virginia. It was built as a hot-blast charcoal furnace around 1873-1874 and subsequently enlarged and converted into a coke furnace. In 1883 the stack was raised an additional five feet and a tuyere was added. Callie Furnace went out of blast in 1884.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Almeron Durkee House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built about 1820 and is a remarkably intact 2-story three-bay side-hall stone dwelling in the Federal style. Attached to the main block are a 1 1⁄2-story wing and 1-story frame wing. Also on the property is a barn and stone smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Royal West of England Academy (RWA) is an art gallery where Queens Road meets Whiteladies Road in Bristol England.
 The Hyattsville Post Office is a one-story brick building constructed over a full basement located on Gallatin Street in Hyattsville Prince George's County Maryland. The Colonial Revival building consists of a central three-bay block flanked by smaller one-bay flat-roofed pavilions. It was constructed in 1935 and remains in active use. Murals by Eugene Kingman depicting the agricultural heritage of Prince George's County decorate the lobby.
 Okonomi-mura (お好み村 lit. Okonomiyaki Village) is a Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki food theme park located at 5-13 Shintenchi in Naka-ku Hiroshima Hiroshima Prefecture Japan. It is near the east end of Hondōri and houses 26 okonomiyaki restaurants each with a slightly different style and set of ingredients.
 The Church of Saint Francis Xavier Liverpool is a Roman Catholic church in Salisbury Street Everton Liverpool England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool and the Pastoral Area of Liverpool North. It is staffed by the Society of Jesus.
 St John's Chapel Bedford Row in Bloomsbury London was a proprietary chapel and the home of a large evangelical Anglican congregation in the 19th century. According to The Eclectic Review it was built for people who seceded from the congregation of St Andrew's Holborn after Henry Sacheverell was forced on them by Queen Anne in 1713.
 The Wadsworth Atheneum is the oldest public art museum in the United States. It has significant holdings of French and American Impressionist paintings Hudson River School landscapes modernist masterpieces and contemporary works as well as extensive holdings in early American furniture and decorative arts. It is located at 600 Main Street in a distinctive castle-like building in downtown Hartford Connecticut the state's capital.
 The Yilan Distillery Chia Chi Lan Wine Museum (Chinese: 宜蘭酒廠甲子蘭酒文物館; pinyin: Yilán Jiǎzǐlán Jiǔ Wénwùguǎn) or Chia Chi Lan Liquor Museum is a museum about wine in Yilan City Yilan County Taiwan.
 Canberra Outlet Centre (formerly known as DFO Canberra and Homemaker Hub and Direct Factory Outlets Canberra) is an outlet type discount shopping centre located in Fyshwick Australian Capital Territory an eastern industrial suburb of Australia's capital Canberra. In addition to providing retail space for 100 specialty outlet stores the Homewares/Furniture section of the centre is designed for 24 bulky goods retailers such as furniture and electrical chains.
 Oak House is a Grade II Listed building in Monk Street Monmouth Wales.
 The Poble Espanyol is an architectural museum placed in one of the most emblematic areas of Barcelona just a few meters far from the Fountains of Montjuïc.
 Prizer's Mill Complex is a national historic district located in East Pikeland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 5 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 2 contributing structures. They include miller's houses dated to the 18th and 19th century two barns a cistern a grist mill millrace and the remains of a 19th-century carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Samuel J. Wright House also known as the Greek Revival Cottage is an historic house at 59 Rice Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. This modest 1.5-story Greek Revival cottage is one of the finest of its type in northwestern Cambridge. It was built in 1847 by housewright Samuel J. Wright. It features a fully pedimented gable end original pedimented gable dormers on the left side and fluted columns supporting an entablature.
 St Leonard's Church is an Anglican church in Walton-le-Dale Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Blackburn. In 1950 it was designated as a Grade II* listed building. Parts of the church date from the 16th century and the nave and transepts were rebuilt in the early 20th century.
 Conklin Town Hall also known as Alpheus Corby Residence and The Castle is a historic town hall located at Conklin in Broome County New York. It was built in 1908 as a private residence and is a concrete block building faced with concrete blocks painted to look like stone. The main feature is a three story square tower. It became the Conklin town hall in 1944.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The John W. Elliott House is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama. The Creole cottage style structure was built in 1850 by Jesse Gibson for John Williams Elliott a watchmaker and jeweler. Elliott was born in 1814 in Litchfield County Connecticut. He migrated to Eutaw around 1840. Elliott married Louisa Elizabeth Towner a teacher and native of Rutland County Vermont in 1843. They had three children all born and raised in Eutaw. Louisa died in 1853.
 The Galleria stylized theGalleria or the Houston Galleria is an upscale mixed-use urban development centrally located in the Uptown District of Houston Texas United States. The development consists of a retail complex as well as the Galleria Office Towers complex two Westin hotels and a private health club.
 The Taipei Futai Street Mansion (臺北撫台街洋樓) also called Yamato-chō Mansion (大和町洋樓) is the only existing historical and commercial building in Taipei Taiwan built in 1910 the early years of the Japanese rule. It is located at Yanping South Road No.26 Zhongzheng District and lies in the BoAi Special District as well. It was the head office of Takaishi Gumi (高石組) a construction company founded in 1901. This mansion is owned by the Ministry of National Defense.
 Pekalongan Batik Museum is a batik museum located in Pekalongan Central Java Indonesia.
 The Church of São Pedro de Rubiães is a 12th-century Romanesque church located in the civil parish of Rubiães in the municipality of Paredes de Coura that was part of the medieval Way of St. James (Portuguese: Caminho de Santiago) the famous pilgrimage road to Santiago de Campostela. Over time it was expanded in the 16th and 17th century to become the parochial church of Rubiães.
 St. Joseph's Parish is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Ottawa Canada. It is an Anglophone congregation located very near its partner parish the Francophone Église Sacré-Cœur.
 Kirkconnell Correctional Centre an Australian former minimum security prison for males is located 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Bathurst New South Wales.The Centre is located in the Sunny Corner State Forest and has a fully trained bushfire fighting team comprising both prison staff and inmates.In September 2011 it was reported that Corrective Services NSW will close the facility in December 2011 as a cost saving measure.
 The Hinde & Dauch Paper Company was an international paper-making company that was based in Sandusky Ohio United States. The firm was founded as Sandusky Paper Company by W. J. Bonn in 1880.Two developers of a hay-baling process James J. Hinde and Jacob J. Dauch later purchased the company. It was ultimately acquired by the West Virginia Pulp and Paper Company.A 2009 story in the Sandusky Register recalled the days of a century before when the company employed 350 workers in the city.
 30 St Mary Axe (widely known informally as the Gherkin and previously the Swiss Re Building) is a skyscraper in London's main financial district the City of London completed in December 2003 and opened in April 2004. With 41 floors the tower is 180 metres (591 ft) tall and stands on a street called St.
 St. Hedwig's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church located at Linden and S. Harrison Streets in Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1904 and is a cruciform shaped church constructed of soft gray brick (concrete block with brick veneer) with details in limestone. It is in the lateGothic Revival style. The front facade features a set of three double doors flanked by 80' spires terminating in cross gable spires. St.
 The Edgar County Courthouse located in Paris Illinois is the county courthouse of Edgar County. The courthouse was constructed from 1891 until 1893; it is the first and only building used as Edgar County's courthouse. Architect Henry Elliot designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The courthouse's exterior has four main sides and four entrances situated between each adjacent pair of sides. Each side includes two towers at each end and a central section with a tall gable.
 St John the Baptist's Church Collingham is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Collingham Nottinghamshire.
 Lincoln Park United Methodist Church is a historic church at 3120 Pershing Street in Knoxville Tennessee.The church is a brick-veneered frame building that was built in 1926. The identity of its architect is not known but the design suggests the work of Charles I. Barber. The entrance to the building is framed by columns with Doric capitals.
 Ekonomikum is a building that is part of Uppsala University. The building designed by Swedish modernist architect Peter Celsing was completed in 1976.The Ekonomikum serves the Uppsala University a multidisciplinary centre specialized in economics and financial studies information science and human geography. It is home to approximately 2500 students and 500 faculty and staff members a library KPH print shop a restaurant the students' radio and TV and several students' associations.
 The Kearny Cottage is a historic home in Perth Amboy Middlesex County New Jersey United States.Built in 1781 it was originally located on High Street but was moved to Sadowski Parkway when the last Kearny descendent died in the 1920s. The building was later moved again to where it now stands at 63 Catalpa Avenue just inland from the mouth of the Raritan River.
 Bannack is a ghost town in Beaverhead County Montana United States located on Grasshopper Creek approximately 11 miles (18 km) upstream from where Grasshopper Creek joins with the Beaverhead River south of Dillon.
 The Garden Court Apartments in Los Angeles California was a historic apartment building built in 1917. It was vacated in 1980 and torn down in 1984.It was the home of a number of celebrities in the first forty or so years of its existence including Clara Bow Louis B. Mayer and Mack Sennett. Its fortunes declined in the 1960s and 1970s along with those of Hollywood Boulevard in general.
 Charles E. Johnson Correctional Center (also known as the Bill Johnson Correctional Center or BJCC) is an Oklahoma Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Alva Woods County Oklahoma.BJCC is the newest of the Oklahoma DOC's 17 institutions opened in 1995 and expanded in 2011-2012. The center is a dedicated substance abuse/cognitive behavior program facility for felony drug offenders.
 The George J. Kempf House is a privately owned residential house located at 212 East Kilbuck Street in the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 13 1986. It is located just around the corner from the Joseph E. Hall House.The house was built in 1905 by architect George Kempf and embodies a mix of Colonial Revival Late Victorian and Queen Anne Style architecture.
 St. Nicholas Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox chapel in Sand Point Alaska.It was built in 1936.
 The Church of St. Matthew is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 215 West 67th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was canonically established in 1902 and suppressed in 1959.
 St George Wharf Tower also known as the Vauxhall Tower or The Tower is a residential skyscraper in Vauxhall London part of the St George Wharf development. At 181 metres (594 ft) tall with 50 storeys it is the tallest solely residential building in the UK.The building's construction crane was hit by a helicopter in January 2013 causing two deaths.
 The Getty Center in Los Angeles California is a campus of the Getty Museum and other programs of the Getty Trust. The $1.3 billion Center opened to the public on December 16 1997 and is well known for its architecture gardens and views overlooking Los Angeles. The Center sits atop a hill connected to a visitors' parking garage at the bottom of the hill by a three-car cable-pulled hovertrain funicular.
 The County Road C117–Pike River Bridge is a steel stringer bridge located on County Road C117 (old US 41) over the Pike River just south of Chassell Michigan. The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Cape May Historic District is an area of 380 acres (1.5 km2) with over 600 buildings in the resort town of Cape May Cape May County New Jersey United States. The city claims to be America's first seaside resort and has numerous buildings in the Late Victorian style including the Eclectic Stick and Shingle styles as well as the later Bungalow style.
 Brobst Mill is a historic grist mill located in Albany Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1780 and is a 2 1/2-story stone and log mill building. Also on the property is the wheel pit area of the raceway. It was built as part of a larger industrial complex known as Union Iron Works. The mill ceased operation in the 1960s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Palace of Versailles (English /vɛərˈsaɪ/ vair-SY or /vərˈsaɪ/ vər-SY; French: [vɛʁˈsɑj]) or simply Versailles is a royal château in Versailles in the Île-de-France region of France. In French it is the Château de Versailles.When the château was built Versailles was a country village; today however it is a wealthy suburb of Paris some 20 kilometres southwest of the French capital.
 Taoye Ferry (Chinese: 桃叶渡; pinyin: táo yè dù) also called Nanpu Ferry (Chinese: 南浦渡; pinyin: nán pǔ dù is a historical place name in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. Near the confluence of the Qinhuai River and ancient Qingxi River the ancient ferry is now situated at the Lishe Bridge (利涉桥) which is to the east of the Jiangnan Examination Hall (江南贡院) The Huaiqing Bridge (淮清桥) lies to its north. Taoye Ferry stretches from Gongyuan East Street to the west of Huaiqing Bridge on Jiankang Road.
 Jay Cooke Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Logan neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story 17 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features a projecting center entrance pavilion stone pilasters arched entrance openings and a brick parapet.
 The Museo Mitre (Spanish) (Mitre Museum) in Buenos Aires Argentina is a museum dedicated to Argentine history as well as to the legacy of President Bartolomé Mitre.
 Elizabeth Place or the Henry Bond Fargo House is a historic residence in Geneva Illinois in the Mission Revival style. The house was owned by Henry Bond Fargo a prominent local businessmen who brought several early industries to Geneva. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Eldbrooke United Methodist Church is a historic church in Washington D.C.It is located at 4100 River Road Northwest Washington D.C. in the Tenleytown neighborhood.
 Ysbyty Aneurin Bevan is the hospital opened in October 2010 to replace the old Ebbw Vale Hospital which closed at the end of 2005. It cost £34 million and stands on the site of the former Ebbw Vale Steelworks.
 Peachcroft sometimes referred to as the James Wilson Brown House is located along River Road (Orange County Route 29) between Walden and Montgomery in the Town of Montgomery New York United States.
 Bullocks Wilshire located at 3050 Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles California is a 230000-square-foot (21000 m2) Art Deco building.
 Saint Anthony's Hospital in Morrilton Arkansas is an Art Deco style building built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 SM Center Las Piñas is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings located along Alabang-Zapote Road Pamplona Las Piñas Metro Manila Philippines. It is the second SM Supermall in Las Piñas after SM Southmall. It is beside the Dragon Mall (Formerly Ever Center) and almost fronting the Las Piñas City Hall. Dubbed as the newest community mall it opened on October 2 2009 with a gross floor area of 40267 square meters and features SM brands like the SM Hypermarket Watsons and Ace Hardware.
 Gardoš Tower (Serbian: Кула на Гардошу) or Millennium Tower (Serbian: Милениумска Кула) and also known as Kula Sibinjanin Janka (English: The Tower of Janos Hunyadi Serbian: Кула Сибињанин Јанка) is a memorial tower located in Belgrade Serbia.
 The Munroe Street Historic District encompasses some of the few commercial buildings to survive in downtown Lynn Massachusetts from the mid 19th century. The district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 includes properties on Munroe Street between Market and Washington Streets. This area was spared by the 1889 fire that destroyed much of Lynn's downtown area and includes buildings that may date as far back as the 1850s.
 The Hotel Galvez is a historic hotel located in Galveston Texas United States that opened in 1911. The building was named the Galvez honoring Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid Count of Gálvez for whom the city was named. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 4 1979. Hotel Galvez & Spa A Wyndham Grand Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Bell Tower Building or the Allegany County League for Crippled Children building is a historic building in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It was built in 1887 and is a two story brick structure topped by a small wooden tower with an open belfry. This was the first separate building to be used as police headquarters and jail in Cumberland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Puccino's is a franchise coffee chain in the UK and Ireland. It is the largest family owned coffee lead franchise in the UK and consists of 34 stores most of which are located at railway stations. Some branches are located on more than one platform.
 The Imnaha Guard Station is a rustic cabin located in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest in western Oregon United States. It was originally built to house fire crews assigned to patrol the surrounding National Forest. In the 1990s the United States Forest Service began renting the Imnaha Guard Station to recreational visitors. The Imnaha Guard Station is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wintergreen County Store is a historic building built originally as a country store located near Nellysford Nelson County Virginia. It is a one- and two-story shed roofed frame vernacular building with weatherboard siding on a masonry and concrete foundation.
 Marquardt Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Wurtemburg in Dutchess County New York. The main house was built about 1810 and is a traditional two story five bay center hall Federal style dwelling. The rectangular frame structure sits on a partially exposed stone foundation and topped by a gable roof. It has a one story frame wing. Also on the property are three barns a carriage house stone walls a machine shed well / wellhouse and summer kitchen.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral sometimes referred to as Cathedral of the Sacred Heart is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. As of 2012 the bishop seated at the cathedral was Michael Francis Burbidge. In 1924 North Carolina was the only state in the United States of America without its own Catholic diocese.
 Iglesia de San Juan (Amandi) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the 13th century.
 The Austonian is a residential skyscraper in Downtown Austin Texas USA. At 683 feet (208 m) tall with 56 floors the building is the tallest in Austin overtaking the 360 Condominiums. The tower is also the tallest all-residential building in the state of Texas and it overtook San Antonio's Tower of the Americas as Texas' tallest building outside of Houston or Dallas. Also it is the tallest all-residential building in America west of the Mississippi.
 The Roanoke Star also known as the Mill Mountain Star is the world's largest freestanding illuminated man-made star constructed in 1949 at the top of Mill Mountain in Roanoke Virginia. After construction of the star Roanoke was nicknamed Star City of the South. It's visible for 60 miles from the air and it sits 1045 feet above the city of Roanoke.
 The John Yeon Speculative House is a historic house located in Portland Oregon United States built in 1939. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is one of a series of speculative houses by native Oregon architect and conservationist John Yeon following the critically acclaimed Watzek House (1936). The series included nine houses built between 1938 and 1940 in Lake Oswego and Portland.
 City Hall Plaza City Hall Plaza Tower or 900 Elm Street (U.S. Route 3) is a prominent 275-foot (84 m) office tower in Manchester New Hampshire. Since its completion in 1992 City Hall Plaza has been the tallest building in the city of Manchester the state of New Hampshire and northern New England. It is shorter than most of the tallest buildings in Boston Hartford New Haven and Providence. The tower is used for office space for both private businesses and the city of Manchester.
 The Mall at South Unionville Square (朗豪坊) is Asian-themed retail shopping mall in Markham Ontario Canada located at the intersection of Kennedy Road and Castan Avenue north of the 407 ETR and next to Downtown Markham.It is primarily a mall to serve the growing Chinese community. The complex includes a condominium tower and townhouses with commercial retail/professional offices. It is anchored a the concourse level by T & T Supermarket which belongs to the group of Loblaws Ltd.
 The Albert Kahn House is located at 208 Mack Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan within the Brush Park district. It is currently the headquarters of the Detroit Urban League. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Tiglachin monument (Amharic: ትግላችን English: Our Struggle) is a memorial to Ethiopian and Cuban soldiers involved in the Ogaden War. It was built under Mengistu Haile Mariam on Churchill Avenue in Addis Ababa.
 The LeMay - America's Car Museum is a museum in the city of Tacoma Washington. A new museum facility adjacent to the Tacoma Dome opened on June 2 2012. Most of the cars on display will be donated by the family of Harold LeMay to the museum.
 Destiny USA previously known as the Carousel Center from 1990-2012 is a six-story super-regional shopping and entertainment complex on the shore of Onondaga Lake in Syracuse New York. It is the sixth largest shopping center in the nation and the largest in the state of New York. The anchors and junior anchors include JCPenney Macy's Lord & Taylor Best Buy The Bon-Ton Dick's Sporting Goods Sports Authority Forever 21 DSW Old Navy Sears Outlet Finish Line and Off 5th.
 Longview Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Longview Texas. Opened in 1975 it features J. C. Penney Sears Dillard's Bealls and L'Patricia as its anchor stores.
 Tateyama Castle (館山城 Tateyama-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Tateyama southern Chiba Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Tateyama Castle was home to the Inaba clan daimyō of Tateyama Domain but the castle is better known for its association with the former rulers of Awa Province the Satomi clan. The castle was also known as Nekoya-jō (根古屋城).
 Viet Duc Hospital (aka.
 The South Side High School in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1897. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Centre Harbor Village Historic District is a historic district at the center of Center Harbor New Hampshire on Main and Plymouth streets.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 primarily for architectural criteria consisting of 15 acres (6.1 ha) and ten buildings.
 The House at 23 Avon Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of the finer Italianate houses in the town. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 in an area that was first laid out for development in 1848. It has wide eaves with paired corner brackets an Italianate hallmark and windows with corniced lintels and footed sills.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Chesham Mosque is a mosque in Chesham Buckinghamshire England. Completed in July 2005 but officially opened on 14 August of that year Chesham Mosque is located on Bellingdon Road. The Imam of the mosque is Arif Hussain. The plot that the mosque is built on cost £331000 to buy but the total cost of the mosque after completion was £1.6 million. The project started in January 1999 and all the money was raised by collections and donations.
 The Pogue House was built in 1845 on a fifteen acre lot for industrialist Michael Ryan. The property was named Riverside by Ryan since it sits on a hillside with a sweeping ten mile (16 km) vista of the Ohio River. The property was subdivided in 1955 and the historic portion currently comprises three acres. The Greek Revival floor plan includes three stories of living space two rooms wide and two rooms deep with a center hall plus a partial basement.
 George Rymph House is a historic home located at Hyde Park in Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1769 and is a one and one half story three bay center hall plan vernacular dwelling built of uncoursed fieldstone. It is topped by a gable roof. Gothic detailing was added in the mid-19th century. The front elevation features a wood portico with Doric order columns.
 The Long Island Maritime Museum is located in West Sayville New York.
 Nayatt Point Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse in Barrington Rhode Island.The current light was built of brick in 1856 and contains an 1828 keeper's house. The lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Cefn Coed Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Swansea Wales.The hospital is run by Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board. As well as general adult and old age psychiatric care it also supports substance abusers. The hospital library is open to students of nursing and medicine at Swansea University. The building was completed in 1929.It is also the Central & West Regional Headquarters of the Welsh Ambulance Service NHS Trust.
 St. Mark's Church Nottingham was a Church of England church in Nottingham between 1856 and 1958. The section of Huntingdon Street where the church was located was formerly called Windsor Street.
 Jen-Ai Hospital (Chinese: 仁愛醫療財團法人仁愛醫院) is a community hospital founded by Dr. Chuan-Sheng Liao located in Taichung Taiwan. It has two branches within Taichung city; Jen-Ai Hospital - Dali branch (Chinese: 大里仁愛醫院) is the region's largest teaching hospital while the Jen-Ai Hospital - Taichung branch (Chinese: 台中仁愛醫院) is known for its long history in the city.
 Rainbow Court is a historic hotel complex located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County South Carolina. The complex of buildings range in dates of construction from 1935 to 1959. The complex includes: two motel-type buildings five beach cottages/boarding houses and a small house. The buildings are situated around an open court with a swimming pool. There are six contributing buildings.
 The Tregunter Towers (Chinese: 地利根德閣) is a complex of three residential buildings located in The Peak on Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. All three highrises named Tregunter 1 (地利根德閣第一座) Tregunter 2 (地利根德閣第二座) and Tregunter 3 (地利根德閣第三座) were designed by Chung Wah Nan Architects Ltd and constructed by Hip Hing Construction Co. Ltd. Tregunter 1 and 2 were both completed in the year 1981 and both buildings have similar floor counts at 34 and 33 respectively.
 The Taipei Story House (Chinese: 台北故事館; pinyin: Táiběi Gùshì Guǎn) formerly known as the Yuanshan Mansion (Chinese: 圓山別莊) is a historic house in the Zhongshan District Taipei Taiwan. It is now open as a museum in Taipei Expo Park.
 Peabody School also known as Peabody High School is an historic school building located on Herman Avenue in Eastman Georgia. Built in 1938 it was designed by Eastman-born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida Georgia and Texas. The brick building's design includes elements of the Colonial Revival style.
 The Draper-Steadman House at 13518 South 1700 West in Riverton Utah was built in c.1894. Also known as Draper-Steadman-Morgan House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.Its NRHP nomination asserted it is architecturally significant as oneof the best examples of the Victorian Eclectic style in Riverton and as a rareexample of the double cross-wing house type.
 The Esplanade also known as the Esplanade Mall is a shopping mall in Kenner Louisiana United States. It is anchored by Macy's (the first Macy's in Louisiana) Dillard's Clearance and Target. The mall which opened in 1985 is owned by the Simon Property Group who acquired it through their merger with Mills Corporation in 2007.The mall was built and opened in 1984. The original owners were Cadillac Fairview.
 Energy Tower at City Center is a skyscraper proposed for the city of Midland Texas. The old Midland County courthouse would be demolished to make way for the skyscraper.Energy Tower is planned to stand at 870 feet tall with 59 floors (6 floors below ground). If built the building will be the sixth-tallest building in Texas.
 The Union Station in Owensboro Kentucky is a historic railroad station built in 1905. Built mostly for the Louisville and Nashville Railroad the station is made of limestone and slate and currently is home to several businesses.
 The Rio Tinto Alcan Planetarium (French: Planétarium Rio Tinto Alcan) is the successor to the Montreal Planetarium and is located in the Espace pour la Vie near the Olympic Stadium and the Biodome in Montreal Quebec Canada. The new installation has two separate theatres as well as exhibits on space and astronomy. It officially opened April 2013.The building designed by Cardin + Ramirez et Associés Architectes aims to qualify as LEED Platinum.
 City and Town Hall is located in downtown Rochelle Ogle County Illinois United States. The City and Town Hall operates as the township history museum holding a number of static displays on local history. Historically it served as the headquarters for city and township government as well as holding the offices of numerous state local and national entities.
 Helen Fleischer Vocational School is a historic vocational school building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1925-1927 and is a brick building in the Academic Gothic-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The John Mann House is located in Fitchburg Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Piloersemaborg (Dutch pronunciation: [piˈlursəmaːˌbɔrɣ]; Borough of Piloersema) is a 17th-century borg (castle) in the village of Den Ham in Groningen in the Netherlands. It currently houses the restaurant of Dick Soek.
 The Newton Street Railway Carbarn is an historic building located at 1121 Washington Street in the village of West Newton in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1890 by the Newton Street Railway Company it is a rare surviving example of a wood-frame trolley car garage facility a facility once common in areas served by electrified trolleys. The building has a long two-story central section with extended single-story wings.
 Wilshire Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Mid-Wilshire section of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1926 based on a Spanish Colonial Revival design by architect Allen Ruoff.In 1987 the Wilshire Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission.
 Johannes Decker Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Gardiner in Ulster County New York. The district includes three contributing buildings and one contributing structure. It consists of the main stone house dating from the 1720s with three later 18th-century additions a 1750s Dutch style barn and a carriage and ice house also erected in the 18th century.
 The Appomattox Historic District national historic district located at Appomattox Appomattox County Virginia. It contains 297 contributing buildings 6 contributing structures and 3 contributing objects in Appomattox. It includes Courthouse Square the commercial district surrounding the railroad tracks the Appomattox depot (1923) and surrounding residential areas dating back to the 19th century.
 Treowen (or Tre-owen) is an early 17th-century house in Monmouthshire Wales regarded as the most important early C17 gentry house in the county. It is located in open countryside within the parish of Wonastow about ½ mile (1 km) north-east of the village of Dingestow and 3 miles (4.8 km) south-west of Monmouth. It is a Grade I listed building and after being used as a farmhouse for three centuries is now a conference and functions venue.
 The International Hotel often referred to as the I-Hotel was built in 1907 after the devastating 1906 earthquake and was a low-cost residential hotel located at the corner of Kearny and Jackson Streets in the Manilatown section of San Francisco. It was during the 1920s and 1930s when thousands of seasonal Asian laborers came to reside at the hotel.It was home to many Asian Americans specifically a large Filipino American population.
 Château de la Bonnetie is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Martha's Vineyard LORAN-A transmitter was a LORAN-A transmitter at Siasconset Massachusetts. It was built in 1957 with a 625 ft tall mast radiator. It was closed in 1962.
 Parkview Square is an office building located in the Downtown Core Planning Area Central Region Singapore. It is situated along North Bridge Road and is near the major commercial hub at Marina Centre.
 The Rensselear D. Hubbard House commonly referred to as the Hubbard House is an historic structure in Mankato Minnesota. Originally a private home it is currently a museum. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on June 7 1976.The house was built in 1871 for Rensselear D. Hubbard a successful businessman. It was designed by Silas Barnard in the French Second Empire style.
 Qasr Mshatta (Arabic: قصر المشتى‎ Winter Palace) is the ruin of an Umayyad winter palace probably commissioned by caliph Al-Walid II (743-744). The ruins are located approximately 30 km south of Amman Jordan north of Queen Alia International Airport and are part of a string of castles palaces and caravanserai known collectively in Jordan as the Desert Castles.
 The Taliaferro House at 106 Cedar St. in Rock Springs Wyoming was built in c.1907-1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998; the listing included two contributing buildings.
 The Gobbler's Knob Fire Lookout is a fire lookout in the extreme western region of Mount Rainier National Park at an elevation of 5485 feet (1672 m). One of four fire lookouts remaining in the park the lookout is used for visitor services during summer weekends. The building is about 14 feet (4.3 m) by 14 feet (4.3 m) and was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and designs under the supervision of Acting Chief Architect Edwin A. Nickel. It was built in 1933.
 Province House is where the Prince Edward Island Legislature known as the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island has met since 1847. The building is located at the intersection of Richmond and Great George Streets in Charlottetown; it is Canada's second-oldest seat of government.
 The Church of the Nativity of the Virgin Mary (Kostel Narození Panny Marie) is a Romanesque church located in Prague (District of Prague 10 Záběhlice) Czech Republic. It is protected as a national monument.
 Salmon P. Chase Birthplace was the birthplace and childhood home of Salmon P. Chase.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.It is located about 8 miles north of Claremont on New Hampshire Route 12A.
 The Sheraton Nashville Downtown is a high-rise hotel and restaurant in downtown Nashville Tennessee. The Sheraton is the 12th tallest building in Nashville with 27 stories and a height of 300 ft (91 m).It is notable on the Nashville skyline for its prominent rooftop rotating restaurant.
 Hotarumachi (ほたるまち Hotarumachi) is a mixed-use redevelopment project in Fukushima-ku ward of Osaka City Japan located on the former site of Osaka University Hospital.
 Millesgården is an art museum and sculpture garden located on the island of Lidingö in Stockholm Sweden. It is located on the grounds of the home of sculptor Carl Milles and his wife artist Olga Milles who are both buried there.
 The Bernard Ginsburg House is a single family private residence located at 236 Adelaide Street in Midtown Detroit Michigan within the Brush Park district. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Cobblestones Museum is a regional history museum in Greytown New Zealand. The museum is located at site of the original Cobb and Co coaching stables.
 Gaineswood is a plantation house in Demopolis Alabama United States. The house was completed on the eve of the American Civil War after a construction period of almost twenty years. It is the grandest plantation house ever built in Marengo County and is one of the most significant remaining examples of Greek Revival architecture in Alabama. The house and grounds are currently operated by the Alabama Historical Commission as a historic house museum.
 The Codman-Davis House is a four-story red brick 1906 classical revival house in Washington D.C. at 2145 Decatur Place NW (in the Kalorama neighborhood). It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The house is the residence of the Ambassador of Thailand.
 The Mifflin Elementary School in the Lincoln Place neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Berry House near Palmer Alaska also known as National Outdoor Leadership School or AHRS Site No. ANC-202 was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It was designed by architect and community planner David Williams.
 The Dougan Round Barn in Beloit Wisconsin United States was a round barn that was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It was demolished in 2012.The barn served as a dairy barn until 1968. At its peak the farm had 120 cows.The owner of the farm was Wesson J. Dougan a Methodist pastor who gave up the ministry when he became deaf. He purchased his farm in 1906 established the Dougan Dairy and finished building the round barn in 1911.
 Burg Neuhaus is a castle in Upper Austria Austria.
 Lemley-Wood-Sayer House is a historic home located at Ravenswood Jackson County West Virginia. It was built in 1871 and is a two story cruciform plan Italianate style dwelling. It is constructed of brick and sits on a stone foundation. It features a wraparound porch supported by seven columns that are heavy with ornamental bracketing or gingerbreading.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Frederick J. Osterling Office and Studio at 228 Isabella Street in the North Shore neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1917. This Gothic Revival building was designed by architect Frederick J. Osterling and was used as his office and studio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 5 1985 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2004.
 Hotel Kaiserhof was a luxury hotel in Wilhelmplatz Berlin Germany. It opened in October 1875. It was located next to the Reich Chancellery in what was at the time the city's government quarter.Berlin's first grand hotel it was the creation of the Berlin Hotel AG company founded in 1872 and subsequently renamed Berliner Hotelgesellschaft. The commission for the building went to the architects Hude & Hennicke.
 Ashraff Memorial Hospital is a government hospital in Kalmunai Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the central government in Colombo. As of 2010 it had 310 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Kalmunai South Base Hospital or Kalmunai South Hospital.
 Vibyholm Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 St. Nicholas Church is a historic Russian Orthodox church in Nikolski Alaska which is located at the southern end of Umnak Island. The current church was built in 1930 and is believed to be the fourth church on the island: the first was built and was burned within the 1800s the second was burned in 1898 the third was built in 1898-1900 a few miles away then moved to the current church location in about 1918 and was replaced in 1930.
 The Cedar Falls Independent Order of Odd Fellows in Cedar Falls Iowa also known as Odd Fellows Temple or 4th and Main Building is an Odd Fellows building that was built in 1902. It reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a business. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 US 281 Bridge at the Brazos River is located south of Mineral Wells Texas.The bridge was added to the National Register on October 10 1996.
 Ruine Klingenstein /Salla is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Fourth Congregational Church (Horace Bushnell Congregational Church) is a historic church at Albany Avenue and Vine Street in Hartford Connecticut.It was built during 1913-14 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The London Purchase Farm also known as the John Chapman House is located on Eagle Road in Upper Makefield Township Pennsylvania. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 24 1974.
 The Bârnova Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Bârnova) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Bârnova Iaşi metropolitan area Moldavia Romania. Built in 1628 by Moldavian Voivode Miron Barnovschi-Movilă the monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
 Westfield Chatswood is a large shopping centre in the suburb of Chatswood in the North Shore area of Sydney. It is owned and managed by The Westfield Group. It originally opened in 1987 and was redeveloped in 1999 to incorporate a previously free standing Grace Bros store (later renamed Myer). Major stores in the centre include Myer Coles Aldi Target Toys 'R' Us JB Hi-Fi and Rebel Sport. The centre also includes a 6 screen Hoyts cinema complex.
 The Martin Luther Marsh House was built in 1873 and is located at 254 Boulder Street in Nevada City in the Gold Country of Nevada County California.
 Kimberly Crest House and Gardens is a French château-style Victorian mansion located in Redlands California. The property is a registered California Historical Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sykes House is a historic Queen Anne style house located at 521 West Main Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in 1890 by the Porter & Hannum company a leading homebuilder in North Adams for Thomas Sykes a supervisor at the North Adams Manufacturing Company. The house is not as elaborate or lavish as many Queen Anne designs and its design may have originated in a mail-order catalog.
 Route 29 Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located near Middleville in Herkimer County New York. It was constructed in 1870 and spans the south branch of Maltanner Creek which empties into West Canada Creek. It is situated on the north side of present New York State Route 29. It is 35 feet long and has a single arch with a span of 20 feet and rise of 12 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Godwin-Knight House is a historic home located at Chuckatuck Virginia. It was built in 1856 in the Federal style then elaborately remodeled about 1898 in the Queen Anne style. It is a 2 1/2-story three-bay double-pile side-hall-plan frame dwelling. hipped roof front porch. It features a wraparound porch and a corner tower with conical roof. Also on the property are the contributing summer kitchen smokehouse woodshed / Delco house two chicken house a garage and a barn / stable.
 The Icono Tower is a building under construction in Asuncion Paraguay. When finished the structure will stand at a height of 136 metres (446 ft) and 37 stories it will be the tallest building in Paraguay surpassing current Wilson Tower. It is estimated to be completed in 2011.
 The Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary Catholic Church is a historic Catholic church in Cassella an unincorporated community in Mercer County Ohio United States. One of several Catholic churches in Marion Township it has been designated a historic site because of its well-preserved nineteenth-century architecture.
 The Thomas A. Parker House was built as a private residence located at 975 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is currently the law offices of Macuga Liddle & Dubin P.C.
 The Hurricane Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Hurricane Mountain at Keene in Essex County New York. The station and contributing resources include a 35-foot-tall (10.7 m) steel frame lookout tower erected in 1919 two trails leading up the 3694-foot (1126 m) summit and the ruins of a lean-to style observers cabin.
 St. Peter's Church Eaton Square is a large Church of England church which stands at the east end of Eaton Square Belgravia London SW1 On 19 October 1991. The Times newspaper wrote “St Peter’s must now rank as one of the most beautiful churches in London”. It is a Grade II* listed building.St. Peter's was designed in a classical style by the architect Henry Hakewill and featured a six-columned Ionic portico and a clock tower.
 Morton Plant Hospital is a 687-bed hospital at 300 Pinellas Street in Clearwater Florida. Morton Plant Hospital is community-based and provides services in more than fifty specialty areas. This hospital is part of the greater BayCare Health System. Morton Plant Hospital celebrated the opening of the Morgan Heart Hospital in 2006.
 Fat Kaśka on Tłomackie is the popular name for a neoclassical well originating from the 18th century located in Warsaw at the middle of al. Solidarności close to the intersection with ul. Generała Władysława Andersa.It was built in 1787 and designed by Szymon Bogumił Zug at what was then Tłomackim Square in the center of the Tłumackie jurydyka. The building has the shape of a cylinder. It is decorated with rusticated panels and has a stepped roof crowned with a gilded ball.
 Social Security Administration Building is an historic building at 330 Independence Avenue Southwest Washington D.C.
 The Church of Our Lady Immaculate and St Joseph otherwise known as Coldham Cottage is the oldest continuing Roman Catholic church in Suffolk. It is in Bury Road Lawshall and is part of the Diocese of East Anglia. It is in the Catholic parish of Bury St Edmunds.The church is located in Bury Road near the entrance to Coldham Hall. From the time of the Reformation the history of the Catholic Mission had been closely linked to the Rookwood family and Coldham Hall.
 The First State Bank of Buxton is a bank in Buxton North Dakota. Its former building at 423 Broadway St. in Buxton built in 1884 is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The historic building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The former bank building is a one-story 26-by-46-foot (7.9 m × 14.0 m) flat-roofed building with 2-foot (0.61 m) thick granite walls.
 Ankoku-ji (安国寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Kokutai-ji branch of Rinzai school of Buddhism in Fukuyama Hiroshima Prefecture Japan. This temple was built by the priest Kakushin in 1273. Afterwards it was revived by Ankokuji Ekei in 1579 though it remained in decline. This temple is classified as an Important Cultural Property.
 Luce Hall was the first purpose-built building for the U.S. Naval War College founded at Newport Rhode Island in 1884. It is located at Building 1 Luce Avenue Naval Station Newport. The building is named after Rear Admiral Stephen Luce.In a Flemish style inspired by the town hall and guild halls on the Grote Markt in Antwerp Belgium local Newport architect George Champlin Mason & Son designed the building for the Navy with gables facing Narragansett Bay.
 Seaview Terrace also known as the Carey Mansion is a sprawling mansion located in Newport Rhode Island. It was designed in the French Renaissance Revival Châteauesque style and completed in 1925. It was the last of the great Summer Cottages constructed and is the fifth-largest of Newport's mansions — after The Breakers Ochre Court Belcourt Castle and Rough Point. The television show Dark Shadows used its exterior as the fictional Collinwood Mansion.
 The Lyman Estate formerly known as The Vale is a historic country house located at 185 Lyman Street Waltham Massachusetts. It is now owned by the nonprofit Historic New England organization. The grounds are open to the public daily for free; an admission fee is required for the house.The estate was established in 1793 by Boston merchant Theodore Lyman on 400 acres (1.6 km²) of grounds and was the Lyman family's summer residence for over 150 years.
 The Episcopal Church of the Ascension in Sierra Madre California is an historic church that was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Liaoning Provincial Museum (Chinese: trad. 遼寧省博物館 simp. 辽宁省博物馆 Liáoníngshěng Bówùguǎn) is a prominent museum of history and fine arts located in Shenyang the capital of China's Liaoning province.
 Khan al-Harir (Arabic: خان الحرير‎; The Silk Khan) is a large khan in the Old City of Damascus covering an area of 2500 square metres (27000 sq ft). It was built on the orders of Darwish Pasha the governor of Damascus in 1573-74. Darwish Pasha founded it as a waqf for the benefit of the Darwish Pasha Mosque. The Khan was the first great caravanserai inside the old city walls of Damascus.
 Hoopes House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1904 and is a rectangular two story stuccoed residence covered by a hipped roof sheathed with wood shingles. It features Dutch Colonial Revival style design elements.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The William King Covell III House is historic house at 72 Washington Street in Newport Rhode Island. It is also known as the Sanford (Milton H.) House Villa Edna and Villa Marina but is now officially called the Sanford-Covell Villa Marina [1].The original portion of the house was built in the mid-nineteenth century. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 as building #72000027.
 Samuel Sweet Canal Store is a historic commercial building located at Amsterdam in Montgomery County New York. It was built about 1847 and is a three story rectangular building measuring approximately 30 feet by 70 feet. It is built of rough cut pale grey limestone and has a shallow pitched gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Shubuta Baptist Church is a historic church on Eucutta Street at the junction with US 45 in Shubuta Mississippi.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Haffenreffer Brewery established in 1870 was a former brewer in Jamaica Plain Massachusetts. The first Haffenreffer bottles were plate mold bottles and were produced by Karl Hutter of New York and had the traditional lightning stop tops. According to Haffenreffer company records later in 1876 the Haffenreffer Brewery contracted with Dean Foster and Company of Boston to aid in the production of bottles for the brewery and the growing demand.
 The Frederic Remington Art Museum is an art museum in Ogdensburg New York that focuses on the work of Frederic Remington.
 Fort Trois-Rivières (French: Fort des Trois-Rivières) was a 17th century wooden fort in New France. It was built between 1634 and 1638 by the Sieur de Laviolette.The construction of a wooden fort on this site marked the second permanent settlement in New France and the foundation of the modern city of Trois-Rivières Quebec Canada.
 Cartwright Elementary School District is a school district in Phoenix Arizona United States which operates several elementary and middle schools.Estrella Middle School is in this district.
 The Calhoun Mine is perhaps the oldest and best-known mine in Lumpkin County Georgia. When gold was discovered in Lumpkin County in 1828 which led to the Georgia Gold Rush in 1829 it was discovered on 239 acres (0.97 km2) owned by Robert Obar. After at least two intermediary sales the land was purchased by Senator John C. Calhoun of South Carolina who was also the 7th Vice President of the United States.
 The Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) is a consortium of mental health clinics at several sites in Toronto Ontario Canada. Its name in French is Centre de toxicomanie et de santé mentale. (The acronym CAMH is most commonly pronounced Cam-H.)Among the focuses of the organization are the assessment and treatment of schizophrenia mood & anxiety disorders and personality disorders. There is also a focus on addictions to alcohol drugs and problem gambling at the former ARF site.
 1 William Street is an office building located in New York City.
 The Regina Coeli Church is a Roman Catholic parish church built in the historic center of Mexico City on the corner of Regina and Bolivar Streets.The building is the only functioning portion of a former 16th century convent. The church is Churrigueresque in style from the 18th century and was part of the convent of Regina Coeli Conceptionist nuns. The former convent was closed during the Reform War and is generally not open to the public.
 Black Restaurant known as Kurayami-gohan (a meal in the darkness) is an irregular event in which the non-profit organization SIEN (a cultural exchange group in Japan since 1997) and Higan-ji (a virtual Buddhist temple created by Japanese monks) cooperate at Ryokusen-ji a temple in Asakusa.
 The Prairie Dog Creek Bridge near Orleans Nebraska is a historic Camelback pony truss bridge that was built in 1913. It was designed and built by Monarch Engineering Co. with its steel was fabricated by Jones & Laughlin Steel Co.. Also designated as NEHBS No. HN00-53 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.The bridge is a single rigid-connected Camelback pony truss and has carried vehicular traffic since 1913.
 Michael and Margaret Heller House also known as the Heller Homestead is a historic home located at Lower Saucon Township Northampton County Pennsylvania. The house is a two-part building renovated in 1934-1935 in the Colonial Revival style. The house has a two-story five bay main block built about 1820 with a two-story two bay core structure to the rear built about 1751.
 St Michael's Church St Albans is a Church of England parish church in St Albans Hertfordshire England. Much of the building is late 10th or early 11th century making it the most significant surviving Anglo-Saxon building in the county.
 College Block-Lisbon Block is an historic site at 248-274 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The Block was built in 1855 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 The Richard L. Cawood Residence was built in 1923 by Richard Cawood in East Liverpool Ohio. Cawood was the president of Patterson foundry and owned a steel mill. He had an intense interest in architecture and design and often designed smaller houses.The design of the house evolved over 10 years. Cawood included a tower chapel and Porte-cochère.
 The Confederate Monument in Portsmouth Virginia also known as 124-183 was built in 1876. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1997.The monument is a 35 foot obelisk of North Carolina granite. It is located at the town square of Portsmouth at the corner of High and Court Streets.
 Brisbane Arcade is a heritage-listed shopping arcade located at 160 Queen Street and runs from Queen Street (now part of Queen Street Mall) and Adelaide Street in the city of Brisbane Queensland Australia.
 Marriott Marquis Washington DC is a luxury hotel owned by Capstone Development the District of Columbia ING Clarion Real Estate Investment Marriott International and Quadrangle Development Corporation which is currently under construction in Washington D.C. in the United States. The operator is Marriott International.
 St Philip's Church Salford is located in Wilton Place Salford Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Salford the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 555 Mission Street is a 33 story 147 m (482 ft) office tower in the South of Market area of San Francisco California. Construction of the tower began in 2006 and the tower was finished on September 18 2008. It is the tallest office building constructed in San Francisco since the 1980s.The building is the part of a new generation of skyscrapers in San Francisco's downtown built on Mission Street since 2000 including The Paramount the St.
 Ephphatha Church (Faith Tabernacle) is a historic church at 220 W. Geer Street in Durham North Carolina.It was built in 1930 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Redwood Meadow Ranger Station was built in 1938 in Sequoia National Park. It was designed in 1938 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was begun the following year and completed by 1941 using Civilian Conservation Corps labor. It is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. The station consists of the three-room ranger station and a small barn.
 Lancaster County House of Employment also known as Old County Hospital Building No. 1 is a historic building located at Lancaster Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1799-1801 and is a two-story 15 bay wide stuccoed stone building. It has a full width front porch with Tuscan order columns added about 1875-1876. The same renovation added Gothic Revival style details. It has been in continuous ownership by Lancaster County since its construction.
 Helen Wing House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a rectangular 2 1⁄2-story frame vernacular Queen Anne–style residence. It features a raised 1-story porch and open gallery at the attic level.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Bank of Hartland at 112 E. Capitol Dr. in Hartland Wisconsin United States was built in 1930. It was designed by architects Eschweiler & Eschweiler. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Salubria is a historic plantation home located at Stevensburg Culpeper County Virginia. It was built about 1742 and is a two-story hipped roof dwelling with two large corbel-capped chimneys on the interior ends. Salubria was the birthplace of Admiral Cary Travers Grayson personal physician to President Woodrow Wilson.
 Prospect Park is a 585 acres (237 ha) public park in the New York City borough of Brooklyn located between Park Slope Prospect-Lefferts Gardens Ditmas Park Windsor Terrace and Flatbush Avenue Grand Army Plaza and the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. It is run and operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and is part of the Brooklyn-Queens Greenway.The park was designed by Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux after they completed Manhattan's Central Park.
 The Asian Hospital and Medical Center established on March 15 2002 with Jorge Garcia MD an alumnus of the Faculty of Medicine & Surgery of the University of Santo Tomas as its founding chairman is the first private tertiary hospital built in the southern part of Metro Manila.
 Burning Springs Complex also known as the Rathbone and Karns Wells is a national historic district located at Burning Springs Wirt County West Virginia. It encompasses one contributing building and three contributing sites. It was the site of the world's second great oil field springing up only months after the Drake Well in Pennsylvania. During the American Civil War it was destroyed by General William E.
 English High School is a historic high school building at 20 Irving Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The three story brick building was designed by the local firm of Barker & Nourse and built in 1891. The Romanesque Revival building has rectangular massing with entrances on Chatham and Irving Streets and a five story hip roofed chateau-style tower on the corner.
 The Francis J. Woolley House is located in Oak Park Illinois United States a Chicago suburb. The house was designed by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1893. The Queen Anne style home is reflective of Wright's early designs for lower-cost more affordable housing.
 Shaw House is a historic home and national historic district located at Fairmont Marion County West Virginia. The district includes two contributing buildings and two contributing structures. The main house was built in 1919 and is a 2 1/2 story dwelling in the Tudor Revival style. It features brick and stucco wall cladding punctuatedwith simulated half-timbering and tall chimney stacks. Also on the property are a contributing garage well house and entrance pavilion.
 The George Felpel House is located on NY 9H in Claverack New York United States. It is a stone Colonial Revival and Dutch Colonial Revival house built in the 1920s.Its stones are the remnants of Claverack College which existed on the property from 1779 to 1902. Local architect Henry Mouls designed it in Colonial revival style with some aspects of genuine Colonial architecture from the region. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Thomas' Church Milnthorpe is located in the village of Milnthorpe Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 Woodbine-Palmetto-Gates Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 91 contributing buildings built between 1908 and 1911. They consist mainly of three story brick tenements with two apartments per floor. The buildings feature amber brick facades with burnt orange brick bases and trim.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Chapel of the Most Holy Trinity at the United States Military Academy is a Catholic church and place of worship for many members of the United States Military Academy Corps of Cadets. Completed in 1900 it is the oldest chapel on the West Point campus in continual use although the 1836 Old Cadet Chapel moved in 1910 to West Point Cemetery is still in use for funeral services and weekly Lutheran denominational services. Most Holy Trinity Chapel was expanded in 1959.
 Andries Thomas Van Buskirk House is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1725 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Pleasant Prospect is a historic home located in the Woodmore section of Mitchellville Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is a large two and onehalf story Flemish bond brick house. The home was originally built by Isaac Duckett in 1798. It was also the home of Captain John Contee the commander of the Planter's Guard a local cavalry company during the American Civil War.
 The Great Mosque of Djenné is a large banco or adobe building that is considered by many architects to be one of the greatest achievements of the Sudano-Sahelian architectural style. The mosque is located in the city of Djenné Mali on the flood plain of the Bani River. The first mosque on the site was built around the 13th century but the current structure dates from 1907. As well as being the centre of the community of Djenné it is one of the most famous landmarks in Africa.
 Pleasant Home also known as the John Farson House is a historic home located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States. The large Prairie style mansion was designed by architect George Washington Maher and completed in 1897. The house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on June 19 1972. Exactly 24 years later in 1996 it was declared a National Historic Landmark by the United States Department of the Interior.
 New Broughton Sunset Correctional Centre also known as the Old Man's Prison was built in 1916 and rebuilt in 2005 following severe damage by Hurricane Ivan the previous year. It houses up to 80 low risk and ageing (aged over 54) male inmates in open dormitories with little or no fencing and 30 warders.This facility provides its inmates with the opportunity to grow crops and raise livestock which they sell to members of the surrounding community.
 Magilligan Prison is a prison run by the Northern Ireland Prison Service situated near Limavady County Londonderry. It was first opened in May 1972 and comprised eight Nissen huts on the site of an army camp. The prison was divided into compounds to house the various paramilitary factions and was manned by British Army dog handlers and prison staff on detached duty from Scotland England and Wales as well as some staff from Northern Ireland.
 Rathfarnham Castle (Irish: Caisleán Rath Fearnáin) is a 16th-century castle in Rathfarnham South Dublin Ireland.
 The Moreno Valley Mall at Towngate is a shopping mall located on the former site of the Riverside International Raceway in Moreno Valley California.In the early years competition for tenants divided prospects between competing developers. In September 1996 the City confirmed that lower than anticipated revenues would result in a shortfall estimated to extend the payback period of the $13m infrastructure loan to an estimated 2026 with the loan peaking at $19.5m.
 Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal at 61 East Putnam Avenue in Greenwich Connecticut.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Kingman Place Historic District is located in Des Moines Iowa United States. The historic district contains a well-preserved collection of American Foursquare houses that were built starting in 1902 and continued until 1915. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2000. It was part of The Bungalow and Square House--Des Moines Residential Growth and Development MPS.
 Robinsons Metro East (formerly known as Robinsons Place Metro East) is a shopping mall owned by Robinsons Malls . Robinsons Metro East is situated along Marikina–Infanta Highway located at the boundaries between Barangay Dela Paz in Pasig City and Barangay San Roque in Marikina City Philippines. The mall opened in 2001 is currently the 3rd largest mall in the Philippines owned by Robinsons Malls.[citation needed]
 Woodstock is a 2 1⁄2-story historic home located at Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. The home is an outstanding example of a mid-19th-century plantation house with decorative elements in the Greek Revival style. The main block was probably built in the early 1850s by Washington Custis Calvert. The home is in the Tidewater house style. Woodstock was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Kitson Woolen Mill also known as the Holland Thread Company building is a historic woolen mill complex located at Stroudsburg Monroe County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four brick buildings built between 1893 and 1904. They are arranged in a U-shape and consist of the East Wing West Wing boiler house and office.
 Luther Burbank Home and Gardens (1 acre) is a city park containing the former home greenhouse gardens and grave of noted American horticulturist Luther Burbank (1849-1926). It is located at the intersection of Santa Rosa Avenue and Sonoma Avenue in Santa Rosa California in the United States. The park is open daily without charge; a fee is charged for guided tours.
 The Gildersleeve House was a house located at 108 Broadway in Hudson Illinois. Settler James T. Gildersleeve built the Greek Revival house for his family in 1836. Gildersleeve founded the village of Hudson and named it after the area of New York where he formerly lived. The house was the village's first frame house and was its finest home in its early years; as a result it hosted local events and was the village's first post office.
 St. Thomas Anglican Church is an historic Gothic Revival style Anglican church building located at 28 Church Street in Shanty Bay in the township of Oro-Medonte in Simcoe County Ontario Canada.
 Saint Peter's and Saint John's Anglican Church is an historic building in Baddeck Nova Scotia. The church is one of only four remaining churches designed by Reverend Simon Gibbons Canada's first Inuit priest. Built in 1883 the church is the second of six churches built by Gibbons in Nova Scotia.It is believed that Gibbons first came into contact with the Cambridge Camden Society while building Saint Peter's and Saint John's Anglican Church.
 The Bloomsbury Historic District is a neighborhood near downtown Raleigh North Carolina. Located north of the Five Points intersection the boundaries include Fairview Road St. Mary's Street Byrd Street Sunset Drive and Whitaker Mill Road. In May 2002 Bloomsbury was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Torre Titania is the twelfth tallest skyscraper in Madrid Spain and has become the country's largest mall.Construction began in mid-2007 after the burning of the Windsor Tower which formerly occupied the site. The interior which houses stores El Corte Ingles was completed in October 2011 and the facade in late 2013.
 St Saviour's Church Aughton is an Anglican parish church located to the north of the hamlet of Aughton Lancashire England.
 Château de Rognac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Parker Road–Charlotte River Bridge also known as the 10 Mile Road–Charlotte River Bridge is a bridge building located on Parker Road (now East 10-Mile Road) over the Charlotte River in Bruce Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Student Rec Center at Indiana State University is a building nearing completion on Indiana State's campus in Terre Haute Indiana.The rec center will include a three-court gymnasium and a multi-activity court with a durable surface suitable for such activities as soccer and roller hockey. Plans also call for a leisure aquatics facility jogging track climbing wall fitness center spinning room two multi-purpose rooms student lounge juice bar and outdoor recreation yard.
 US Post Office-Amsterdam is a historic post office building located at Amsterdam in Montgomery County New York United States. It was built in 1935–1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story symmetrically massed brick building with 1-story side wings and a large rear wing in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Soldiers' National Monument is a Gettysburg Battlefield memorial which is located at central point of Gettysburg National Cemetery. It honors the battle's soldiers and tells an allegory of peace and plenty under freedom … following a heroic struggle. In addition to an inscription with the last 4 lines of the Gettysburg Address the shaft with 4 buttresses has 5 statues:A large statue representing the concept of Liberty surmounts the pedestal.
 The Old M-94–Au Train River Bridge is a bridge located on Wolkoff Road over the Au Train River in Au Train Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 and is significant as one of only two remaining bridges built to an early 20th-century Michigan State Highway Department design standard.
 Phoenix Market City (Chennai) is a shopping mall developed by Phoenix Mills Limited located in Chennai Tamil Nadu India. It was opened in January 2013 and its the largest mall in the city.
 The Louis J. Bader House and Garden in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story single dwelling and garden listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in Tudor Revival style in 1922 it was added to the register in 1989.Designed by DeYoung and Roald Architects of Portland the L-shaped house sits on a 75-by-170-foot (23 by 52 m) lot opposite Laurelhurst Park.
 The Golden Ball Tavern is a historic tavern now a museum located at 662 Boston Post Road in Weston Massachusetts. The 2.5 story Georgian style wood frame tavern was built in 1768 by Isaac Jones a local shopkeeper. Despite his Loyalist tendencies which led to an attack on the tavern in 1774 Jones remained in business and the property passed through generations of his family before its conversion to a museum.
 Oxford Railroad Depot and Junction House is a registered historic building in Oxford Ohio listed in the National Register on 1980-02-08. The Depot has been demolished but the Junction House remains across the street from the vacant lot where the Depot once stood.
 Van Wyck-Lefferts Tide Mill is a historic tide mill located at Lloyd Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1793 and is a 3 1⁄2-story gable-roofed timber-framed rectangular building little altered since the early 19th century. The property also includes the earthen mill dam with sluice gates. The Nature Conservancy which owns the mill offers free boat tours to the site from May through October.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Lakeside Shopping Centre (Branded as Intu Lakeside) is a large out-of-town shopping centre located in West Thurrock in the borough of Thurrock Essex just beyond the eastern boundary of Greater London. It was constructed on the site of a former chalk quarry.
 The Church of Santa Catarina (Portuguese: Igreja de Santa Catarina) is a church in the civil parish of Calheta municipality of Calheta on the Portuguese island of São Jorge archipelago of the Azores.
 Siegfried's Dale Farm also known as the Rodale Research Center or Rodale Institute is a historic home and farm complex located in Maxatawny Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The property includes 13 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure. They include three houses built between 1790 and 1827 the John and Catherina Siegfried Bank barn (1819 1905) calving barn (c. 1900) two small barns (c. 1860 and c.
 The Wenham Historic District is a predominantly rural and residential historic district in Wenham Massachusetts. It encompasses the full length of Main Street (Massachusetts Route 1A) between the Beverly and Hamilton lines a stretch of one of the original post roads which is known to have elements of its present alignment as early as 1710. The architecture along the route is predominantly residential principally excepting the cluster of municipal and religious buildings in the town center.
 Hermitage Road Historic District (HRHD) is a Northside neighborhood in the independent city of Richmond Virginia.
 Pizza California (ピザ・カリフォルニア Piza Kariforunia) is a pizza chain in Japan. Franchises of the chain are located in 26 of Japan's 47 prefectures. The company has its headquarters in the Hiei Kudan-Kita Building in Kudankita Chiyoda Tokyo.The company's slogan is Hand made deliciousness Local preference.
 Peabody Hall is a building on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. The 1913 structure is a contributing property to the University of Arkansas Campus Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Peabody Hall has continuously housed the teacher education department since completion in 1913. Today the department is part of the University of Arkansas College of Education and Health Professions.
 The Samuel May House is a Federal style residence located at 690 Northlake Drive in Prestonsburg Kentucky. It built in 1817 by Samuel May a Kentucky state representative (1832–1834) and a Kentucky state senator (1835–1838) from Floyd County. It now serves as the Samuel May House Living History Museum.
 Salem Methodist Episcopal Church and Parsonage (also known as Salem United Methodist Church; Salem Methodist Church) is a historic church and parsonage at 810 York Street in Newport Kentucky. The church was founded by the German-born pastor John George Schaal (1844-1949).It was built in 1882. In 1986 the church lost its steeple to a tornado and the congregation then merged with Grace Methodist Episcopal Church also in Newport.
 Slate Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Morrisville Pennsylvania with most of its graves dating to 18th century Quaker settlers. It is located at Yardley-Morrisville Road and Mahlon Drive.Established in 1690 it is probably the oldest burial ground in Bucks County. The earliest gravestone is dated 1698 but unmarked graves may be even earlier.
 The Harris County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Hamilton Georgia. Built in 1908 it was designed by Georgia-born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida Georgia and Texas. This was the second courthouse he had ever designed.On September 18 1980 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Building at 426 South Main Street is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two story brick dwelling in the Italianate style. The front facade features a large semi-circular cross gable.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Waldorf Hotel now known as the Waldorf Hilton is a hotel based in The Aldwych London. It has a history dating back to 1908. It was founded by William Waldorf Astor 1st Viscount Astor part of the Astor family.
 The Washoe Theater in Anaconda Montana was the last theater constructed in the United States in the Nuevo Deco (a form of Art Deco) style. The theater was designed in 1930 by Seattle architect B. Marcus Priteca. It was almost entirely finished by 1931 but its opening was delayed until Thursday September 24 1936 because of the Great Depression. In 1936 dollars its construction cost was a grand $200000. The Smithsonian rates the Washoe as a national treasure due to the lavish interior.
 The Penang Global City Centre (PGCC) was a proposed project to be located at Penang Turf Club on Penang Island Malaysia.
 The PECO Building is a modernist office highrise in Center City Philadelphia. The building gets its name from PECO (Philadelphia Electric Company) one of the companies that merged to form Exelon Corporation.
 Casa Buonarroti is a museum in Florence. The building was a property owned by (but never occupied by) the sculptor Michelangelo which he left to his nephew Lionardo Buonarroti. The house was converted into a museum dedicated to the artist by his great nephew Michelangelo Buonarroti the Younger. Its collections include two of Michelangelo's earliest sculptures the Madonna of the Steps and the Battle of the Centaurs.
 Restaurant Vermeer is a restaurant located in the NH Barbizon Palace hotel at the Prins Hendrikkade in Amsterdam Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that received its first Michelin star in 1993. It later lost and regained its star then scored two stars in 2003.The restaurant occupies (parts of) four of the nineteen 17th-century houses and fifteenth-century chapel that make up the NH Barbizon Palace hotel.
 The Church of St John the Divine designed by William Swinden Barber was built as a mission church in 1892–1893 in the parish of St James Chapelthorpe Crigglestone Wakefield West Yorkshire England. It was funded by local benefactor Mary Mackie in memory of her husband. It is of Gothic Revival and Arts and Crafts design.
 See-Ward House also known as The Old Brick House is a historic home located near Mill Creek Randolph County West Virginia. It is a two-story brick I house with a gable roof in the Federal style. The house dates to 1801. Also on the property are a contributing shed well and barn site.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Elphinstone Place is a cancelled skyscraper project that was scheduled to be built in Glasgow Scotland. The building which had been in the planning stage since 2004 would have been a mixed use development consisting of office retail and residential.
 The Frank McPartland Three-Decker is a historic triple-decker house at 61 Paine Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1912 when the Lincoln Street area was developed as a streetcar suburb and is a well-preserved example of Colonial Revival styling. Its most distinctive element is its three-tier porch supported by Tuscan columns and with an unusual decorative balustrade.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Government House of Baku also known as House of Government is a government building housing various state ministries of Azerbaijan. It is located on Neftchiler Avenue and faces the Baku Boulevard. The rear side of the building faces busy Uzeyir Hajibeyov Street of central Baku. Government House was designed for 5500 people.
 The James Hamilton House is a historic home located in Bowie Prince George's County Maryland United States. The home was built in the mid-1870s and is a 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed frame Late Victorian house with Italianate detail.
 The Westin Building is a major telecommunications hub and carrier hotel facility located in downtown Seattle Washington. The building got its name from the Westin that made its home there when the building was first completed.
 55 East Erie is an all-residential skyscraper in Chicago. It is at 647 ft (197 m).
 The Great Synagogue of Gibraltar also known as Kahal Kadosh Sha'ar HaShamayim (Hebrew: קהל קדוש שער השמיים‎) is located in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar and was the first synagogue on the Iberian Peninsula to operate since the expulsions from Spain and Portugal in 1492 and 1497 respectively.
 The Downtown Springfield Railroad District is a historic district encompassing the early 20th century railroad-related buildings in Springfield Massachusetts. They are in an area roughly bounded by Lyman Main Murray and Spring Streets in Springfield Massachusetts.The district includes Springfield's Union Station the adjacent Hotel Charles four nearby commercial blocks a warehouse freight house and a retaining wall designed in part by H. H. Richardson.
 The Andy Warhol Museum is located on the North Shore of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in the United States. It is the largest museum in the country dedicated to a single artist. The museum holds an extensive permanent collection of art and archives from the Pittsburgh-born pop art icon Andy Warhol.
 Westfield Figtree is a major shopping centre located in Figtree a suburb of Wollongong New South Wales Australia.
 The Yamatane Museum (山種美術館 Yamatane Bijutsukan) is a museum in Japan specializing in the nihonga style of Japanese watercolour painting. It is run by the Yamatane art foundation.The Yamatane museum was opened in 1966 by the Yamatane art foundation an organization based on the personal collection of Yamazaki Taneji and the corporate collection of Yamatane securities (now SMBC Friend Securities). There is a long-term exhibition of lesser works with periodic displays organized.
 La Masia de Can Planes usually shortened to La Masia (Catalan pronunciation: [ɫə məˈzi.ə] English: The Farmhouse) is the name of FC Barcelona's football training facilities originally located near the Camp Nou in the Les Corts district of Barcelona and is often used to generically describe the Barcelona youth academy.
 Saint John the Baptist Church is a Serbian Orthodox church in Halifax West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.
 Church of St Michael is located in Alnham Northumberland England. It is an ancient structure built circa 1200 and is dedicated to St. Michael. Built on a Roman camp site it is mentioned in records dating to 1291. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Fort Ethan Allen was an earthwork fortification built on the property of Gilbert Vanderwerken in Alexandria County Virginia (now Arlington Virginia) by the Union Army in 1861 as part of the defense of Washington during the American Civil War.
 The Centro Israelita de República Dominicana is the main synagogue of the Jewish community in the Dominican Republic.
 The Sun Tower is a 17 storey 82 m (269 ft) Beaux-Arts building at 128 West Pender Street in Vancouver British Columbia. It is known for its faux-patina steel dome painted to imitate copper cladding. Nine nude muses the nine maidens supporting the cornice line can be seen. The terracotta for this building including the ladies was made in Tamworth Staffordshire England by Gibbs and Canning Limited.
 Alexander Wade House was the home of educator Alexander Wade (1832-1904) who became known for the system of grade promotional exams and graduations he developed to serve needs of rural students. The system was adopted widely.The house was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1965. The property was added to the Chancery Hill Historic District in 2001.
 The Church of the Intercession of the Most Holy Mother of God in Khanty-Mansiysk is a Russian Orthodox church of Tobolsk and Tyumen Diocese.The church is situated in Samarovo part of Khanty-Mansiysk city. The main altar is consecrated in honour of the Feast of the Intercession of the Most Holy Theotokos; the southern altar is consecrated in honour of Abalak icon of “Sign” of the Most Holy Theotokos; the northern altar is consecrated in honour of Saint Nikolas the Miracle-worker.
 The Grover Cleveland Birthplace is a New Jersey State Historic Site and National Historic Place located in Caldwell Essex County New Jersey United States. It is the only house museum dedicated to U.S. President Grover Cleveland.
 The Franklin College Building No. 5 is located along Main Street or State Route 9 in New Athens Ohio. The building houses the Franklin Museum which is dedicated to preserving the building and its primary function. The college building was placed on the National Register on May 8 1987.
 The Ontonagon Harbor Piers Historic District is historic shipping structure located on the Ontonagon River at Lake Superior in Ontonagon Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Hotel Montesol is a hotel in Ibiza Town Ibiza. It is situated in a historic building which is officially listed as a Bien de Interés Cultural by the Spanish Ministry of Culture.It is characterised by its white and yellow color. The hotel established in 1933 is the first ever hotel established on Ibiza. During the Spanish Civil War in 1936 and until the end of World War II in 1945 it was used by the army.
 Mercury City Tower (Russian: Меркурий Сити Тауэр) is a 75-story skyscraper currently under construction in Moscow. Located in the Moscow International Business Center construction started in 2009. The building topped-out at 338.8 m (1112 ft) on 1 November 2012 overtaking The Shard in London as Europe's tallest building.
 D-Cube City is a mega-complex which includes department stores office spaces park art center parking garage theatre hotel restaurants theme park and private residences. This mixed use facility was developed by the same groups that developed Roppongi Hills in Tokyo.
 Colver-Rogers Farmstead also known as the Norval P. Rogers House is a historic home located at Morgan Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1830 and is a two-story stone dwelling with a two-story stone kitchen wing in a vernacular Greek Revival-style. The house was modified about 1906 with the addition of a gambrel roof and rambling porch with Colonial Revival-style design elements. Also on the property is a bank barn (c.
 Taylor Memorial Chael at La Foret Conference and Retreat Center is a historic chapel in Black Forest Colorado. It is a National Register of Historic Places listing.
 Southland Center (also known as Southland Mall) is an enclosed mall located at 23000 Eureka Road in Taylor Michigan (a Downriver community located southwest of Detroit) exactly halfway between Telegraph Road (US 24) and the I-75 freeway presently anchored by Macy's JCPenney Best Buy Shoe Carnival and Forever 21. It is the newest of the Detroit area's four land malls (Northland Southland Eastland Westland). Southland Center opened on July 20 1970.
 Jonathan Dexter Record House is a historic house at 39-41 Grandview Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Centrio is an integrated mixed-use complex composed of a shopping mall a hotel a BPO/office building and a condominium tower located along Capt. Vicente Roa St. and Corrales Ave. cor. Claro M. Recto Avenue in Cagayan de Oro City in the Philippines.
 The Church of St. Donatus is a church located in Zadar Croatia. Its name refers to Donatus of Zadar who began construction on this church in the 9th century and ended it on the northeastern part of the Roman forum. Originally named (and dedicated to) the church of the Holy Trinity in the 15th century it was renamed the Church of St. Donatus.Church of St. Donatus is the largest Pre-romanesque building in Croatia.
 Hite House is a historic hotel building located at Stoystown Somerset County Pennsylvania. It is a 3 1/2-story L-shaped wood frame building with a brick veneer on a stone foundation. It features a 12 foot deep one-story porch across the front facade. The original building was built in 1853 but extensively enlarged and remodeled about 1914 and in 1920.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It is included in the Stoystown Historic District.
 The Joslyn Art Museum is the principal fine arts museum in the state of Nebraska United States of America. Located in Omaha it was opened in 1931 at the initiative of Sarah H. Joslyn in memory of her husband businessman George A. Joslyn.
 Element is a 460 ft (140m) tall residential skyscraper in Tampa Florida. It has 35 floors and 395 units. It was designed by Rule Joy Trammell + Rubio and developed by Novare Group / Intown Tampa Development.
 The Park-McCullough Historic House is one of the finest and best-preserved Victorian mansions in New England. It is a thirty-five room mansion set on 200 acres (80 hectares) of grounds and located off Route 67A in North Bennington Vermont USA.The house was built in 1864-65 by attorney and entrepreneur Trenor W. Park (1823-1882) who was born in nearby Woodford Vermont but amassed his fortune overseeing the mining interests of John C. Fremont in California.
 St Breward (Cornish: S. Bruwerd) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall England United Kingdom. It is on the western side of Bodmin Moor about 6 miles (10 km) north of Bodmin.The parish name derives from Saint Branwalader. Until the 19th century it was commonly known by the corrupt form of the name: 'Simonward'.
 The Amana Colonies are seven villages on 26000 acres (11000 ha) in east-central Iowa United States: Amana (or Main Amana) East Amana High Amana Middle Amana South Amana West Amana and Homestead. The villages were built and settled by German Pietists who were persecuted in their homeland by the German state government and the Lutheran Church.
 Stockholm-DeKalb-Hart Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 79 contributing buildings built between 1900 and 1915. They consist mainly of brick two story row houses with one apartment per floor. Some buildings feature three bay wide wood porches with Tuscan columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 James G. Marshall House is a historic home located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It is a three-story Arts and Crafts style dwelling built in 1913 by the industrialist and inventor James G. Marshall (1869–1960). It was designed by prominent local architect Simon Larke who also designed the Former Niagara Falls High School. In April 1994 it opened as a bed and breakfast.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Second C. A. Sawyer House is a historic house at 86 Waban Ave. in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story brick building was designed by Derby and Robinson and built in 1919. It is a well-executed example of Colonial Revival styling in brick and demonstrates infill construction in established neighborhoods. It is the second of three houses designed by Derby and Robinson for Charles Adrian Sawyer a builder and built between 1910 and 1926.
 The J.H. Manchester Round Barn near New Hampshire Ohio United States is a round barn that was built in 1877. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 under simple name Round Barn. The listing included 48 acres (19 ha) and four contributing buildings.It has a nameplate J.H. MANCHESTER 1908 MAPLE AVENUE FARM HORACE DURBAN BUILDER.
 Stuart's Opera House is a registered historic building in Nelsonville Ohio listed on the National Register on December 29 1978. It is an Opera House and live music performance theatre that was built in 1879 and continues to be used to this day.
 The Redpath Sugar Building is a sugar storage refining and museum building in Toronto Canada. The building is located just east of downtown at the foot of Jarvis Street at Queen's Quay.
 Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house in Casco Maine.It was built in 1814 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Mary's Mount is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. The earliest portion of Mary's Mount was built in 1771 for Col. Richard Harwood as a 1 1/2-story gambrel roof structure. The Bird family was to take possession of this property from 1820 to 1965. Jacob Wheeler Bird enlarged the house to its present two-story height in the early 19th century.
 Golden Resources Shopping Mall or Jin Yuan (abbreviated from Chinese: 金源时代购物中心) is a shopping mall located near the Fourth Ring Road in Beijing People's Republic of China. The nearest bus station is Chinese: 远大路东口， which in English is Yuanda Road East. In English the mall has earned the nickname Great Mall of China owing to its total area of 6 million square feet (557419 square metres) over six floors.
 St Leonard's Church is an Anglican church in the St Leonards-on-Sea area of Hastings a town and borough in the English county of East Sussex.
 The Odd Fellows Temple in Pasadena California is a historic building that was built in 1933 at 175 N. Los Robles Ave. The temple served as a meeting place for Odd Fellow Lodge No. 324 the Pasadena branch of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows established in 1885. Pasadena architect Kenneth Gordon designed the building; its design incorporates the Spanish Colonial Revival and Mediterranean Revival styles.
 The Clifton House was an important overnight stage stop on the Mountain Branch of the Santa Fe Trail. It was located in Colfax County New Mexico about six miles south of Raton New Mexico on the Canadian River. The site is located at mile marker 344 of U.S.
 The Palais de justice historique de Lyon is a building located Quai Romain Rolland on the right bank of the Saône in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon. In 1996 it was classified as monument historique.
 Normann Palace (Croatian: Palača Normann) or County Government Palace (Croatian: Palača Županijskog poglavarstva) is a building of County Government of Osijek-Baranja County in Osijek Croatia.
 St. Gregory's Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay.
 Agecroft Hall is a Tudor manor house and estate located on the James River in the Windsor Farms neighborhood of Richmond Virginia United States. The manor house was built in the late 15th century and was originally located in the Irwell Valley in Agecroft Pendlebury in the historic county of Lancashire England. The hall was bought at auction in 1925 disassembled crated and shipped across the Atlantic Ocean and reassembled at its present site. It is now operated as a house museum.
 Reisterstown Historic District is a national historic district in Reisterstown Baltimore County Maryland United States. Its development is inseparably identified with the roads that converge to form Main Street. They are Maryland Route 30 and Maryland Route 140. The earliest structures including several of log date to the late 18th century although the town was founded in 1758.
 Mid Rivers Mall is a shopping center in St. Peters Missouri just off Interstate 70. The mall opened in 1987 and has since grown to be St. Charles County's largest shopping center. Mid Rivers Mall includes over 140 shops and four anchor stores (Macy's JCPenney Sears and Dillard's); junior anchors include V∙Stock Dick's Sporting Goods and a 14-screen Wehrenberg Ciné. The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties which acquired the property in 2007 from the Westfield Group.
 Sunken Secrets formerly the Underwater Archaeology Centre is a museum located in Fort Victoria on the Isle of Wight England.The museum is run by the Maritime Archaeology Trust who are based in Southampton. It is housed in five of the fort's former casemates. Since it was opened in 1990 the museum has been used to display exhibits recovered from several local shipwrecks and the submerged landscapes of the Solent.
 Mentzer Building is a historic commercial building located at Ephrata Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a three-story brick building in the Queen Anne style. The building has housed school classrooms barbershops an electric supply store meeting rooms and retail clothing sales shops. The porch and entrance have been restored based on historical photographs.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Mary's Church is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Derby England. A Grade II* listed building it stands on Bridge Gate overlooking St Alkmund's Way. The church was designed by architect A. W. N. Pugin
 Sheldon Hall is a historic collegiate building located on the campus of the State University of New York at Oswego at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1911 and is a Neoclassical style structure that consists of a two story main block built of brick and terra cotta above a raised basement with flanking wings. It features a copper clad clock tower and belfry above a pediment on the main block.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Continental Building formerly Braly Block is a 151 ft (46 m) 13-story high-rise residential building at 408 South Spring Street in the Historic Core of Los Angeles California. When completed in 1903 it was the city's first high-rise building and remained the tallest for three years.
 24 Sussex Drive is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Canada located in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa Ontario. Built between 1866 and 1868 by Joseph Merrill Currier it has been the official home of the Canadian prime minister since 1951. It is one of two official residences made available to the Prime Minister the Harrington Lake estate in nearby Gatineau Park being the other.
 Scavenius' Stiftelse is a listed building situated on the west side of the town square in Sorø Denmark.
 The Stock Center in Cody Wyoming was built in 1927 as the original home of the Buffalo Bill Museum serving in that purpose until the museum was relocated to a new complex across the street. The log structure is intended to suggest a stockman's log cabin rendered on a large scale.The irregularly-shaped one story building was arranged with a small lobby leading to exhibit rooms intended to represent a living room trophy room-library dining room kitchen and bedrooms in a rancher's house.
 The Erie Canal Museum in Syracuse New YorkUSA is a museum about the Erie Canal across New York. It is located in the Weighlock Building itself listed on the National Register of Historic Places of the United States.The museum was founded in 1962 and is a private non-profit corporation. It is housed in a weigh lock building dating from 1850 where canal boats used to be weighed when travelling through Syracuse on the canal.
 Oyster Bay is the location of one of few remaining Long Island Rail Road stations with an original turntable on site. The turntable was built in 1902 to replace a smaller one that had been relocated from the Locust Valley station.
 The Netherlands Architecture Institute (NAI) is a cultural institute for architecture and urban development comprising a museum an archive plus library and a platform for lectures and debates. The NAI was established in 1988 and has been based in Rotterdam since 1993.The NAI is a private organisation with a government brief which is to manage the collection of archives that document the history of Dutch architecture.
 The Socialist Hall in Butte Montana is one of the few socialist halls remaining in the United States.
 The Octagon House also known as Hawley House in Barrington Illinois is a mid-19th century residence listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Bredeick-Lang House (also known as the James Lang House) is a historic house on the western (Van Wert County) side of Delphos Ohio United States. Built in 1859 it is one of western Ohio's best examples of the Italian Villa style of architecture.
 The Apex Town Hall called Apex City Hall in the National Register of Historic Places is a historic town hall at 237 N Salem Street in the historic district of downtown Apex North Carolina.
 Øvre Saltdal Church (Norwegian: Hattfjelldal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Saltdal in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Røkland. The church is part of the Saltdal parish in the Salten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1938 and it seats about 300 people.
 The Mongolian Natural History Museum (Mongolian: Байгалийн түүхийн музей) is a repository and research institution located in Ulaanbaatar Mongolia. The museum was previously known as the Mongolian National Museum or State Central Museum. This change in name has often led to confusion with Ulaanbaatar's other preeminent museum the National Museum of Mongolia. Although the two museums are located quite close to one another they contain very different exhibits.
 The Old Jumma Masjid of Kilakarai known as Palaiya Jumma Palli (Tamil: பழைய ஜும்மா பள்ளி ) or Meen Kada Palli (Tamil: மீன் கடை பள்ளி ) is the fourth-oldest mosque in the world and the first mosque in India. It has an Islamic heritage of more than 1000 years. It is located in Kilakarai a village in South India known for its Islamic culture. It was built in 628–630 AD and was re-constructed in 1036. The mosque is one of the greatest examples of Islamic architecture in South India.
 The Aspire Tower also known as Torch Hotel is a 300-metre (984 ft) tall skyscraper hotel located in the Doha Sports City complex in Doha Qatar. Designed by architect Hadi Simaan and AREP and engineer Ove Arup and Partners the tower served as the focal point for the 15th Asian Games hosted by Qatar in December 2006.The Aspire Tower is currently the tallest structure and building in Doha and Qatar but it is expected to be surpassed by the Dubai Towers Doha and the Barwa Tower.
 Dhaka Chamber of Commerce & Industries Building ( also known as the DCCI Tower) is a 36 story 133-metre (436 ft) supertall skyscraper that began construction in the city of Dhaka Bangladesh in 2013.
 The John Mercer Langston House is a National Historic Landmark in Oberlin Ohio. It was home to John Mercer Langston abolitionist and US Congressman who was one of the first African-Americans elected to public office in the United States.
 The Paterson House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The 8000-square-foot (740 m2) Mediterranean Revival style house was completed in 1927. It was designed by local architect Platt Roberts who later designed Mobile's 16-story Waterman Building. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 15 1986 based on its architectural significance.
 The Church of All Saints is an Anglican church in Norton Fitzwarren Somerset England which dates from the late 13th or early 14th century. It is located in the deanery of Taunton within the diocese of Bath and Wells. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Douglass Township Community Building is a community recreational auditorium and sports facility constructed in 1936 in Douglass Kansas. It was designed by architect J. Hamilton. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Minneapolis Public Library North Branch building is a former library in Minneapolis Minnesota United States. It was designed in 1893 by architect Frederick Corser. When it was opened it was claimed to be the nation's first branch library to have open shelves so patrons could browse for books on their own without asking librarians to retrieve them.
 Washington Iron Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The furnace was built about 1770. It is measures 30 feet on its south face and is constructed of granite. From about 1770 to 1779 it was operated by John Donelson (father of Rachel Donelson who married Andrew Jackson). The house known as The Farm was used as the ironmaster's house for the Washington Iron Furnace.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Sodom Schoolhouse is a historic octagonal school in West Chillisquaque Township Northumberland County Pennsylvania United States reportedly built about 1812 1835 or 1836 and used until 1915. It is located in a rural area on Pennsylvania Route 45 near several Scotch-Irish communities: the small group of houses formerly known as Sodom which was about a mile east of the hamlet of Montandon and about 3 miles east of a small town Lewisburg.
 The CTV Building was the headquarters of Canterbury Television (locally known as CTV) and other companies. Located in the Christchurch Central City on the corner of Cashel and Madras Streets it became one of the symbols of the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake. 115 people lost their lives when the CTV Building collapsed during the 2011 earthquake; more than half of the earthquake's total fatalities.
 The George Eastman House is the world's oldest museum dedicated to photography and one of the world's oldest film archives opened to the public in 1949 in Rochester New York USA. World-renowned for its photograph and motion picture archives the museum is also a leader in film preservation and photograph conservation educating archivists and conservators from around the world.
 Henderson Hall Historic District is a historic home and national historic district located near Williamstown Wood County West Virginia. It encompasses 10 contributing buildings 4 contributing structures 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object. The primary building is Henderson Hall a three-story Italianate mansion built between 1856 and 1859. Attached to the dwelling is a rear block constructed in 1836. The remaining buildings are part of the associated farm complex.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located on Bedford Road in Katonah New York United States. It is a Tudor Revival structure dating to the early 1920s housing a congregation restarted in the early 20th century. The church building was designed by Hobart Upjohn third in the family of American architects by that name.
 The Hoard's Dairyman Farm was purchased in 1899 by W. D. Hoard a former governor of Wisconsin and publisher of Hoard's Dairyman magazine. Hoard's primary motivation in operating the farm was to prove that alfalfa could be grown in northern climates. He demonstrated practical methods of growing harvesting and preserving the crop. He further showed that it could be used as a high-quality feed for dairy cattle.
 The Brick School House is a former school building in Aurora Hancock County Maine. Built in 1827 it is the oldest standing public brick building in Hancock County. It was built by Aurora's earliest white settlers who had arrived before 1810. In 1982 voters at a town meeting authorized the town selectman to seek a community development block grant to fix the Brick School House while authorizing a $750 expenditure from the town as well.
 The New Hotel Carquinez or simply Hotel Carquinez is a registered historic place in Richmond California. It is located in the Iron Triangle at 410 Harbor Way. It is named after the Carquinez Strait. The New Hotel Carquinez was the original name and it was later changed to Hotel Don. The building currently functions as senior housing center. The hotel was the center of decision making for the city of Richmond prior to the construction of the Richmond Civic Center.
 The Camp Clarke Bridge Site in Morrill County Nebraska near Bridgeport dates from 1875. Also known as 25 MO 68 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.It is the location of a toll bridge built in 1875 by entrepreneur Henry T. Clarke who provided a crossing over the North Platte River for what became the Sidney-Black Hills Trail.
 The Wagon Wheel Gap Railroad Station in Creede Colorado was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It was a station on a narrow-gauge railroad line that opened in July 1883.
 The St. Aloysius Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of New York located at 209-217 West 132nd Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Frederick Douglass Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1902-04 and was designed by William W. Renwick – the nephew of James Renwick Jr. – in the Italian Gothic Revival style.
 Green Leaves historically the Koontz House is a Greek Revival mansion in Natchez Mississippi constructed in 1838 by Edward P. Fourniquet a French lawyer who built other structures in the area. It was purchased by George Washington Koontz a local banker in 1849 and has been owned by his descendants ever since. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on March 29 1979.The house is best recognized for its preserved family memorabilia and furnishings.
 Ginge Manor or Ginge Manor House is a manor house at West Ginge in the civil parish of West Hendred in the English county of Oxfordshire (formerly Berkshire) 3.9 miles (6.3 km) by road to the southeast of Wantage. It became a Grade II listed building on 25 October 1951.
 The Briarcliff Hotel now the Briarcliff Summit is located at 1050 Ponce de Leon Ave. NE (original address: 750 Ponce de Leon Ave.) in the Virginia Highland neighborhood of Atlanta Georgia.Asa G. Candler Jr. the eccentric son of Coca-Cola magnate Asa Candler Sr. owned the real estate firm that built the Briarcliff in 1924. The Briarcliff is 9 stories tall in an H shape. It opened as the 750 a luxury apartment building with 200 units. The architect was G.
 The Fort of the Açougue (Portuguese: Forte do Açougue) ruins of a 16th-century fortification located in the municipality ofAngra do Heroísmo along the southern coast of Terceira Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
 The Lofts at the Security Building is an 11-floor high-rise in the Spring Street Financial District of Los Angeles California. The area is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the building was the tallest building in the city for four years when completed.
 The George Darrow Round Barn is located near Alta Vista in rural Chickasaw County Iowa United States. It was built in 1916 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 64 feet (19.5 m) around. The barn is constructed of clay tile and features a two-pitch roof and a 14 foot (4.3 m) central silo.
 The Lutz Children's Museum is a small non-profit children's museum located in Manchester Connecticut USA. It was founded in 1953 by the Manchester PTA in honor of the late Hazel Lutz. It is included in the Association of Children's Museums Reciprocal Program.
 Shady Grove Baptist Church is a historic church at 3444 31st Way North Collegeville in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1958 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Washington Street Shoe District of Haverhill Massachusetts encompasses a two block section of Washington and Wingate Streets between Railroad Square and Essex Street in which there were more than 60 shoe factories established in the late 19th century. Buildings in the district are predominantly brick with Italianate styling and are of a modest scale (three or four stories) unlike later shoe factories which resembled textile mills in size and style.
 The Loon Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Loon Lake Mountain at Loon Lake (Franklin County New York) in Franklin County New York. The station and contributing resources include a 35-foot-tall (10.7 m) steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1917; it has been abandoned since 1971.
 The Sanborn House at 21 High Street is one of the few surviving country house models in Winchester Massachusetts. Nine and one-half acres of property was purchased in 1904 by Oren Sanborn younger son of James Sanborn the co-founder of Chase & Sanborn Coffee Company.
 The Powell Main Post Office in Powell Wyoming was built in 1937 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Powell was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 TYTO Regional Art Gallery is a regional art gallery in Ingham Queensland within the Hinchinbrook Shire. It is located in the TYTO Wetlands (named after the local Eastern Grass Owl Tyto longimembris). It is a public gallery operated by Hinchinbrook Shire Council that hosts continuous local and traveling exhibitions. The gallery also has a shop that primarily sells art by North Queensland artists.
 The House at 45 Claremont Avenue in Arlington Massachusetts is a rare local example of transitional Italianate and Gothic Revival styling. Built c. 1885-90 the house has steeply pitched gables and almost Stick style porch decoration that are typical Gothic work while the house's massing and the bracketed eaves are Italianate.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Lovin & Withers Investment House located at 722 Beale Street in Kingman Arizona was built c. 1914 in the Bungalow/Craftsman style. Lovin & Withers built the house as contractors using native stone. It closely resembles the other two houses on Pine Street. The house was a rental property during a growth period and today it is an office for a local lawyer. It is on the National Register of Historic Places as number 86001161.
 St. Mary Woolnoth is an Anglican church in the City of London located on the corner of Lombard Street and King William Street near Bank junction. The present building is one of the Queen Anne Churches designed by Nicholas Hawksmoor.The parish church continues to be actively used for services with Holy Communion every Tuesday.St Mary Woolnoth lies in the ward of Langbourn.
 Heritage Plaza in Metairie Louisiana is a 18-story 245-foot (75 m)-tall skyscraper. It is the fourth tallest building in Jefferson Parish Louisiana.
 Fantasy of Flight is an aviation-related attraction in Polk City Florida USA that takes visitors back to the pioneering days of early flight World War I World War II and beyond. The attraction opened in November 1995 and houses the world's largest private aircraft collection on display.
 The Middlesex County Courthouse in Saluda Virginia was built in 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978. The courthouse building is a late but significant example of the arcaded-plan courthouse which had its precedent in Virginia's colonial courthouses and earliest civic buildings.The NRHP listing included three contributing buildings: the courthouse a clerk's office and a jail.
 St Mary’s is an Anglican church in Hadleigh Suffolk. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich and the archdeaconry of Ipswich. Its earliest parts date from medieval times.The church has a late 13th-century or early 14th-century tower and 14th-century aisles. The church was almost wholly reworked in the 15th century when the arcades were rebuilt and the clerestory south porch and northeast vestry added.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church is located in Ribbleton Avenue Ribbleton Preston Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of The Church of the Ascension Ribbleton.
 The Virginia W is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1904 at Guilford Virginia. She is a 37.5-foot-long (11.4 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. Her beam is 13.5 feet (4.1 m) and she draws 3.3 feet (1.0 m) with centerboard up 6 feet (1.8 m) with centerboard down. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 The Washington Vocational School in the Central Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Engine House No. 9 in Tacoma Washington is a fire station built in 1907. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Currently the building houses a pub which brews its own beer.
 The Fore River Club House is a historic club house at Follett and Beechwood Streets in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1917 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Milmoral also known as the H.G. Fetterolf House John & Elizabeth Eagleson House and Ruth Nissen House is a historic home located at Cheltenham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1905-1906 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay L-shaped dwelling in the Colonial Revival style. It is built of Wissahickon schist and was remodeled and enlarged in 1912. The house features a hipped roof wraparound porch supported by Doric order columns.
 The Minnesota State School for Dependent and Neglected Children was located in Owatonna Minnesota from 1886 to 1945. During those years it was home to a total of 10635 children who were orphans or had been abused or abandoned. Both the administration building and school are on the National Register of Historic Places.The Minnesota State Public School Orphanage Museum is located on the former State School grounds.
 The Algo Centre Mall (legally Eastwood Mall since 2005 but almost never referred to as such) was a mall and hotel located in the middle of Elliot Lake Ontario's commercial district on Highway 108. It is the largest commercial complex in the area. When the community was hit by uranium mine closures in the 1990s the complex gradually refocused hosting multiple services such as a library constituency offices and public health offices.
 Old Town San Diego State Historic Park located in the Old Town neighborhood of San Diego California is a state protected historical park in San Diego. It commemorates the early days of the town of San Diego and includes many historic buildings from the period 1820 to 1870. The park was established in 1968. In 2005 and 2006 California State Parks listed Old Town San Diego as the most visited state park in California.In 1969 the site was registered as California Historical Landmark #830.
 Thunder Hill Farm also known as the Daniel-Grantham House is a historic home located near Inwood Berkeley County West Virginia. It is a two story Federal style stone and log dwelling in two sections with a gable roof. The south section is three bays wide and built of stone in 1818. The north section was added about 1882 and is built of logs sided with German siding.
 Scenery Hill Historic District is a historic district in Scenery Hill Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Nellis Historic District is national historic district located at Nellis Boone County West Virginia. It encompasses 82 contributing buildings three contributing structures and one contributing object. The district includes the commercial ecclesiastical and residential buildings built by the Nellis Coal Company as a planned community between 1920 and 1955. The community was a model for coal communities in Boone County and the southern coal fields.
 Old St Paul's Cathedral was the medieval cathedral of the City of London that until 1666 stood on the site of the present St Paul's Cathedral. Built from 1087 to 1314 and dedicated to Saint Paul the cathedral was the fourth church on the site at Ludgate Hill.Work on the cathedral began during the reign of William the Conqueror after a fire in 1087 that destroyed much of the city. Work took more than 200 years and construction was delayed by another fire in 1135.
 St. Mark's Church is a historic Episcopal church at 19 White Street in Clark Mills Oneida County New York. It was built in 1863 and is a board-and-batten Gothic Revival style structure. A one story parish house was added to the south transept in 1895.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Louisville and Nashville Depot is an historic Louisville and Nashville Railroad depot located at 206 Henry Street in Milton Santa Rosa County Florida. It was built in 1909 on the site of the former Pensacola and Atlantic Depot built in 1882 which burned down in 1907. In 1973 the station was closed but partially restored with a 1976 Bicentennial grant.On October 29 1982 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Landmark (Chinese: 置地廣場) is an office and shopping development owned by Hongkong Land in Central Hong Kong. It is commonly known as the home of numerous prestigious international brands and the gathering place of well-heeled shoppers.
 The Church of All Saints is an historic Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 47 East 129th Street at the corner of Madison Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. Built from 1883-1886 and designed by architects Renwick Aspinwall and Russell – but attributed by historian Michael Henry Adams directly to James Renwick Jr.
 The Fall Creek Meeting House is located approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Pendleton Indiana United States on State Road 38.
 The University of Washington Medical Center is a nationally renowned hospital located along the Montlake Cut and Portage Bay in the University District of Seattle Washington USA. It is one of the teaching hospitals affiliated with the University of Washington School of Medicine. UW Medical Center has 450 beds.The 2007 issue of U.S. News & World Report's America's Best Hospitals ranks the UWMC 10th out of 5462 hospitals nationwide.
 Birch Coulee was the site of the Battle of Birch Coulee one of the deadliest battles of the Dakota War of 1862. It is now preserved at Birch Coulee State Memorial Park one mile north of Morton Minnesota and has self-guided trails and markers about the battle from both sides.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 M. Wile and Company Factory Building is a historic garment factory located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is an early and significant example of the Daylight Factory. The four story building erected in 1924 is constructed of reinforced concrete and features curtain walls of metal sash windows. It was home to M. Wile & Company until 1999; a major manufacturer of men's suits founded by Mayer Wile in Buffalo in 1877. In 1969 the company became a subsidiary of Hartmarx.
 Vischer Ferry Historic District is a historic district in Saratoga County New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and its boundaries were increased in 1997. The district located along the Erie Canal contains several historic structures within the hamlet of Vischer Ferry. These include the Nicholas and Eldret Vischer House dating from the mid-1700s.
 The Wells–Guthrie House in Portland Oregon was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Cumberland Presbyterian Church (also known as Old Library Building and Lexington Historical Museum) is a historic church at 112 South 13th Street in Lexington Missouri.The Greek Revival style building was constructed in 1846 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Children's Mercy Hospital is a comprehensive pediatric hospital located in Kansas City Missouri that provides medical care to patients from birth to 18 years of age. Children’s Mercy Hospitals and Clinics is the only free-standing children's hospital between St. Louis and Denver.The 354 bed facility has one main campus located at Crown Center as well as a second hospital in Overland Park Kansas plus five satellite facilities in the Kansas City Metro Area.
 Selimiye Mosque (Selim II Mosque) is an Ottoman mosque in Konya Turkey.
 The Golden Plaza (Chinese: 神鑑大樓; pinyin: Shénjiàn Dàlóu) is a 30-storey building located in Central District Taichung City Taiwan. It is the 7th tallest building in Taiwan and the second tallest building in the city of Taichung.
 </ref>The Arnolfini is an international arts centre and gallery in Bristol England. It has a programme of contemporary art exhibitions artist's performance music and dance events poetry and book readings talks lectures and cinema. There is also a specialist art bookshop and a café bar. Educational activities are undertaken and experimental digital media work supported by online resources. A number of festivals are regularly hosted by the gallery.
 The House at 14 Chestnut Street in Somerville Massachusetts was one of the last residential structures in the Brickbottom area of the city. The Italianate wood frame house was built c. 1860 and featured details included bracketed eaves and an elaborately decorated front door hood.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 and demolished sometime thereafter.
 Salt River Hydroelectric Powerplant on the Salt River and on the border of Idaho and Wyoming near Etna Wyoming was built in 1938.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1993. The listing included six contributing structures and one contributing building on 36 acres (15 ha).It is significant for its role in development of the Star Valley area of Wyoming. It was funded by the New Deal's Rural Electrification Administration program which began in 1935.
 The H.R. Stevens House is located on Congers Road (Rockland County Route 80) in the New City section of the Town of Clarkstown New York United States. It is a stone house dating to the late 18th century. In the early 19th century it was expanded with some wood frame upper stories added later. The interior was also renovated over the course of the century.It shows the convergence of Dutch and English building traditions in the later years of the colonial Hudson Valley.
 J. Stuart Wells House now the Ernest H. Parsons Funeral Home is a historic home located at Binghamton in Broome County New York USA. It was built in 1867-1870 and designed by the noted New York State architect Isaac G. Perry. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling on a cut stone foundation and topped by a hipped cross-gabled roof. It was expanded in the 1940s-1950s and features a wrap-around porch.
 The Lucin Cutoff is a 102-mile (164 km) railroad line in Utah which runs from Ogden to its namesake in Lucin. The line includes a nearly a 12-mile (19 km) long railroad trestle that crosses the Great Salt Lake. Built by the Southern Pacific Company (SP) between February 1902 and March 1904 the cutoff bypassed the original Central Pacific Railroad route through Promontory Summit where the Golden Spike was driven in 1869.
 The Lt. Benjamin Locke Store is a historic building at 11—13 Lowell Street in Arlington Massachusetts. It currently functions as a two-family private residence. The 2.5 story wood frame structure was built in 1816 by Lieutenant Benjamin Locke son of Revolutionary War veteran Captain Benjamin Locke. He established it as a shop to take advantage of the recently established Middlesex Turnpike which ran past its door.
 The Hôpital Français de Hanoï (English: French Hospital of Hanoi Vietnamese: Bệnh viện Pháp của Hà Nội) known in Vietnam under the name Bệnh viện Việt Pháp formerly the Viet Nam International Hospital is a privatised hospital in Hanoi Vietnam sold to a French company in September 2000. It is located at 1 Phuong Mai Dong Da Hanoi. Its staff include French and Vietnamese doctors.
 The Museum of Earth History is a controversial young Earth creationist museum based on fundamentalist Christian theology. It features replicas of dinosaur skeletons in exhibits and the Book of Genesis biblical scripture. Exhibits explain that extinction of dinosaurs was caused by the Great Flood rather than a comet. Noah carried dinosaurs aboard his ark.
 Methuen Memorial Music Hall initially named Serlo Organ Hall was built by Edward Francis Searles to house The Great Organ a very large pipe organ that had been built for the Boston Music Hall. The hall was completed in 1909 and stands at 192 Broadway in Methuen Massachusetts.
 Burgruine Rothenthurn is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Blue Mountain Hospital offers medical services in John Day Oregon United States. Part of the Blue Mountain Hospital District it was built in 1949 in Prairie City and re-built in 1960 in John Day. The hospital district a non-profit managed by a local board of directors includes Blue Mountain Nursing Home a 52-bed unit in Prairie City.The hospital has three monitored intensive-care beds two birthing suites and two surgery suites for inpatient and outpatient surgeries.
 The Neuseway Nature Center and Planetarium is a science center in Kinston North Carolina. The facility includes 52 seat planetarium which also includes permanent exhibits focused on public health provided by Lenoir Memorial Hospital and an exhibit of space memorabilia donated by a former NASA engineer.
 The Turin is a residential luxury apartment building in New York City built in 1909. It is located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan at 333 Central Park West. The Turin is of Italian Renaissance style. The luxury co-op offers many amenities to its residents including a 24 hour doorman fitness center children’s playroom storage room and bike room.
 Catherine's Church (Ukrainian: Катерининська церква) - is a functioning church in Chernihiv Ukraine.The church-memorial built to commemorate the victory of the Cossack army under the command of Chernihiv Colonel Yakiv Lyzohub over the Turks at Azov. The church is cruciform in plan nonapartite five-domed. The faceted arms of the cross are covered by tent roofs with steps and terminate in domes. The central dome is much higher than others hence is the pyramidal composition of the volumes.
 Saint Mary's Basilica officially named The Church of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix was founded in 1881 and staffed by the Franciscan Friars since 1895. The church was completed in 1914 dedicated in 1915 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Mary's Church in 1978.
 The Empire Hotel is a boutique hotel located along West 63rd Street (at Broadway) in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is a Gothic Revival style structure built about 1867.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Russells Hall Hospital is an NHS general hospital located in Dudley West Midlands England run by The Dudley Group NHS Foundation Trust.The hospital is situated south-west of the town centre on the A4101 road which connects to the Kingswinford area of the borough.
 St Thomas' Church Friarmere also known as Heights Chapel is a redundant Anglican church standing on a hillside overlooking the village of Delph Greater Manchester England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Jama Masjid or Jama Mosque is a 19th-century mosque in Dildarnagar Uttar Pradesh India. It is the oldest mosque in Dildarnagar
 The Chaplin-Clarke House is a historic First Period house at 109 Haverhill Street in Rowley Massachusetts. Its oldest section built c. 1670 by Joseph Chaplin it is the oldest house in Rowley. The house began as a full width two story wood frame structure that was only one room deep; the leanto section at the rear was added c. 1700. The house was acquired in the early 1700s by Richard Clarke in whose family it remained until the early 20th century.
 The General Lying-In Hospital was one of the first general (non-denominational) maternity hospitals in Great Britain. It opened in 1767 on Westminster Bridge Road; it became part of St Thomas' Hospital when the NHS was formed in 1946 and closed as a separate facility in 1971.
 Oasis Tower is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Mumbai Maharashtra India. It will be 372 metres (1220 ft) & 85 floors and 239 metres (784 ft) 53 floors mixed use luxury tower that will house a hotel office and retail space. It has been designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox USA. The structural consultant is LERA (Leslie E. Robertson Associates) USA.The project will be developed under Oasis Realty a joint venture between Sahana and Oberoi Realty.
 The Hyde Park Railroad Station is the former New York Central Railroad station located where Crum Elbow Creek flows into the Hudson River in Hyde Park New York USA. A one-story wooden station was first established by the Central at the spot in 1851 by the Hudson River Railroad connecting New York City and Albany.
 The Photographers' Gallery was founded in London in 1971 and was the first independent gallery in Britain that was devoted entirely to photography.Exhibitions in the gallery have included one-person exhibitions of work by André Kertész Danny Treacy Taryn Simon Ori Gersht Cuny Janssen and David King. The Gallery hosts the annual Deutsche Börse Photography Prize.
 The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery is in Hanley one of the six towns of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire. Admission is free.One of the four local authority museums in the City the other three being Gladstone Pottery Museum Ford Green Hall and Etruria Industrial Museum The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery houses collections that bring together the identities that went into forming the area known as the Potteries.
 The St. Joseph Observatory (OSJ) is an amateur astronomy observatory located in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was founded in 1913. It was initially constructed on 1870 and for being the tallest building was declared ideal observatory of Balvanera neighborhood. It is the first astronomical observatory in Buenos Aires which still remains in activity.Currently performs research and recreational activities for the public as courses or seminars.
 The Clinger-Booth House at 468 S. Main St. in Orem Utah was built c.1894. It was modified in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 St James the Great is an Anglican parish church in the City of Glen Eira Victoria Australia. The church is located in Inkerman Street St Kilda East. The parish is in the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne and dates from 1914. It is the smallest parish in the diocese in geographical size. Since the 1940s the municipality has gradually become the heart of Melbourne's ultra-orthodox Jewish community.
 Gilfillan Farm is located at the junction of Washington (U.S. Route 19) and Orr roads in Upper St. Clair Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania United States. It is a working farm whose current form dates to the mid-19th century.The farm's main house shows the transition from the Greek Revival style to the Victorian modes that became dominant later in the century.
 Farmers National Bank is a bank building in the village of Plain City in Madison County Ohio United States. The bank is located at the intersection of State Route 161 and Chillicothe Street. Built in 1902 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Thomas Jefferson School is a historic school building located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1924. It is a four-story nine bay brick building on a raised basement in the Art Deco-style. It features an entrance portico with Doric order columns supporting an entabulature. It is named for President Thomas Jefferson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Joseph Mitchell House is a historic residence in southern Monroe County Indiana United States. Located on Ketcham Road west of the community of Smithville it is one of the oldest houses in Monroe County and it has been designated a historic site.
 Upperville Meeting House is a historic Friends meeting house on New York State Route 80 in Upperville Chenango County New York. It was built in 1896 and is a one story rectangular wood frame building on a dressed stone foundation. It is built into a hillside.Herbert Dixon a congregational layman had held Sabbath School for around 40 years in the school house at Upperville and by his untiring efforts succeeded in raising funds toward building a chapel in Upperville.
 The New Mt. Moriah Baptist Church is located at 13100 Woodward Avenue in Highland Park Michigan in Metro Detroit. It was built in 1922 as the Trinity United Methodist Church in the Gothic Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Daniel Stevens House is a historic Second Empire house at 7 Sycamore Street in Worcester Massachusetts.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Cathedral of Saint Peter is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Kansas City Kansas United States and is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kansas City in Kansas.
 Central Milton Keynes Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre located in Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire England which is about 50 miles (80 km) north-west of London. It comprises two adjacent shopping centres the grade II listed building thecentre:mk which opened in 1979 and Midsummer Place opened in 2000. The Centre:MK is anchored by John Lewis House of Fraser and Marks and Spencer with Debenhams at Midsummer Place.
 Noosa Civic is a shopping centre located west of Noosa on the Sunshine Coast Queensland. Major stores include Woolworths and Big W and the centre includes over 8000 square metres of specialty retail stores.
 Whitaker's Chapel is a historic chapel in Enfield North Carolina. The chapel was originally an Anglican chapel but was later used by Methodists.It was built in 1828 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 The Paulson House in Au Train Michigan was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a state of Michigan Historic site in 1972.
 Clermont Academy is a historic school building located at Clermont in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1834 and is a two story five bay frame building in the Federal style. It features a gable roof with centrally located octagonal cupola. It originally functioned as a private secondary school but became a public school and community center in 1855.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 North York General Hospital (NYGH) is a community teaching hospital in Toronto Ontario that offers acute care ambulatory and long-term services at 3 sites: General Site Branson Ambulatory Care Centre and Seniors' Health Centre. Known as North York General it is one of the leading community academic hospitals in Canada affiliated with the University of Toronto. It is one of the 3 constituent hospitals of the Peters-Boyd Academy of the University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine.
 The Church of San Juan de Berbío (Infiesto) in the Piloña council in Asturias Spain probably belonged to the monastery founded by Alfonso V in 1005; the Infanta Doña Urraca donated it to the Monastery of San Pedro de Eslonza in 1099.The structure went through several redesigns in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. The most extensive was in the eighteenth century which added square heads and porch trim.
 American Red Cross National Headquarters is a building in Washington D.C. that was constructed between 1915 and 1917. It serves both as a memorial to women who served in the American Civil War and as the headquarters building for the American Red Cross.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 Hill Fort Palace was the palace of Sir Nizamath Jung Bahadur and later on was purchased by the erstwhile H.E.H. Mir Osman Ali Khan Siddiqi for his son Moazzam Jah. The palace is located in the heart of the city near Naubat Pahad.
 The Church of St James in Winscombe Somerset England has 12th- or 13th-century origins but the present building dates from the 15th century. It is a Grade I listed building.There are no records remaining of the Norman church on the site but there evidence of the building of the church which was consecrated by Bishop Jocelin on 26 August 1236.
 Skipton Castle is a medieval castle in Skipton North Yorkshire England. It was built in 1090 by Robert de Romille a Norman baron and has been preserved for over 900 years.
 Clearfield County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located in Clearfield Pennsylvania United States. It is located directly across from another historic landmark the Dimeling Hotel. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure constructed in 1860 in the Second Empire style. An addition was completed in 1884. It features a square brick clock tower with a bell shaped roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Washington Square Historic District is a national historic district located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It includes 39 contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing site. It encompasses the historic civic and religious center on the east side of the city. There are 37 residences four churches a synagogue a public green the county office building and County Courthouse and a former railroad tunnel.
 Hochschild Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes is a national historic district consisting of a combined department store and shoe store building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of the 45000-square-foot (4200 m2) two-story plus basement Hochschild Kohn Belvedere department store (constructed 1946-1948) and the attached Hess Shoes (1948) store. The structures comprise the modern-style core of a commercial development at York Road and Belvedere Avenue.
 The Thomas W. Clyde is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack normally ported at Deal Island Maryland. Built at Oriole Maryland in 1911 the Clyde is one of nineteen surviving skipjacks built before 1912.
 Clinch Valley Roller Mills is a historic grist mill complex located at Cedar Bluff Tazewell County Virginia. The main building was built about 1856 and consists of a 3 1/2-story timber frame center block with later 19th and early-20th century additions. They are additions for grain storage; a saw mill now enclosed and housing the mill office; the mill dam site with its associated culvert weirs flume and turbines; and the 1 1/2-story shop building.
 Puente de las Calabazas is a lattice girder bridge near Coamo Puerto Rico that dates from 1882. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Desert Valley Hospital (DVH) is an 83 bed acute care facility in Victorville California USA. DVH is owned and operated by Prime Healthcare Services Inc. (PHS) a hospital management company located in Ontario. PHS was founded in 2001 by Prem Reddy who acts as its present Chairman of the Board. The hospital groundbreaking was done by Roy Rogers. The hospital is accredited by the American Osteopathic Association's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program.
 The Art Gallery of Windsor is a not-for-profit art institute in Windsor Ontario Canada.Established in 1943 the gallery has a mandate as a public art space to show significant works of art by local regional and national artists. The Art Gallery of Windsor has created collected presented and conserved one of Ontario’s most significant collections of Canadian art and is one of Windsor’s most notable cultural reserves.
 St. Mary's Church Wirksworth is a parish church in the Church of England in Wirksworth Derbyshire. It is a Grade I listed building dating mostly from the thirteenth century but with notable survivals from the Anglo-Saxon period. It was restored in 1870 by Sir Gilbert Scott.
 St. Mary’s Orthodox Cathedral Puthencavu is one of the important churches in South India located at a village named Puthencavu (near Chengannur) Alappuzha district in Kerala state of India. The church is one of the oldest Christian churches in Central Travancore region of Kerala.
 The Free Art and Technology Lab a.k.a. F.A.T. Lab is a collective of artists engineers scientists lawyers and musicians dedicated to the merging of popular culture with open source technology. F.A.T. Lab is known for producing artwork critical of traditional Intellectual Property Law in the realm of new media art and technology. F.A.T. Lab has historically created work intended for the public domain but has also released work under various open licenses.
 The Tall Pines Motor Inn is a historic log cabin resort located near Eureka Springs Arkansas. Built in 1947 it features rustic cabins built from surrounding forests.
 Ames Schoolhouse is a historic school at 450 Washington Street in Dedham Massachusetts.The school was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Atatürk Museum (Greek: Μουσείο Ατατούρκ Mousío Atatúrk Turkish: Atatürk Evi Müzesi Atatürk House Museum) is a historic house museum in Thessaloniki Central Macedonia Greece.The house is the birthplace of the founder of modern Turkey Mustafa Kemal Atatürk who was born here in 1881. It is a three-floor house with a courtyard on 24 Apostolou Pavlou Street next to the Turkish Consulate.
 Woodlawn is a 180-acre (73 ha) historic estate located a quarter mile from downtown Ellsworth Maine. Once home to three generations of the Black family it is now treasured for its historic house museum its gardens and its public park. Visitors can explore a superb historic house stroll through beautiful gardens play croquet hike on pristine trails and much more. The estate including the house also known as the Black House was built between 1824-27 by Colonel John Black.
 Latham United Methodist Church is a historic church building on the east side of Highway 59 in Latham Alabama. It was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St George's with Trinity and St James Church (abbreviated to St George's) is a United Reformed church in the Ashbrooke area of Sunderland Tyne and Wear England.Originally a Presbyterian church it was constructed by John Bennie Wilson of Glasgow in 1888-90 to replace a former chapel on Villiers Street. Much of the funding was provided by a local shipowner (later Sir) Robert Appleby Bartram who laid the foundation stone on 7 February 1889.
 East Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Chesterfield Chesterfield County South Carolina. The district encompasses 20 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site reflecting the development of the town of Chesterfield from about 1798 to 1937.
 The Moses Farnum House is an historic house located on Route 146A. in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The John Gottschalk Freedom Center is a newspaper production facility located at 14th Street and Capitol Avenue in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. Built for the Omaha World-Herald the building is considered to be one of the most automated and technologically advanced newspaper facilities in the world.
 New York Congregational Home for the Aged also known as New York Congregational Center for Community Life is a historic care facility associated with the Congregational church at 123 Linden Boulevard in Flatbush Brooklyn New York New York. It is a three story brick institutional building in the Colonial Revival style.
 Jessees Mill is a historic grist mill located near Cleveland Russell County Virginia. The original section was built about 1850 as a single pen log structure. About 1890 a two-story balloon frame addition was built on top of the old log structure. The mill retains much of its original milling equipment. Also located on the property are the contributing mill dam (c. 1850) and a frame barn.
 The Åland Maritime Museum (Swedish: Ålands sjöfartsmuseum) is a museum in Mariehamn in the Åland Islands Finland. It is located in the western part of the town on the sea on Hamangtan about 1 km at the other end of Storangatan. Along with Ålands Museum it is the most important museum in the islands and a monument to the past glory of Alanland's claim as the holder the world’s largest fleet of wooden sailing ships in the past.
 Henry McCauley Farm is a historic farm complex located at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. The house is a four-bay two-story brick dwelling built between 1830 and 1850 with a four bay ell and a small one-story shed-roofed addition. The walls are set on low limestone foundations. The property also includes a large stone and frame bank barn and a metal windmill for pumping water.
 Schermerhorn Symphony Center is a symphony center in downtown Nashville Tennessee. Ground was broken for construction on December 3 2003. The center formally opened on September 9 2006 with a gala concert conducted by Leonard Slatkin and broadcast by PBS affiliates throughout the state.
 Fort Laurens was an American Revolutionary War fort in what is now the U.S. state of Ohio.
 The Daniel Sweetser House is a historic house at 458 Lowell Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built sometime before 1795 probably for Daniel Sweetser who then occupied the property. It is a conservative Federal style house with two interior chimneys and is one of the town's better preserved rural properties of the period.
 Trinity Medical Center is a group of medical facilities based out of the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa. Its parent company is Trinity Regional Health System. The main campus Trinity Rock Island is in Rock Island Illinois with Trinity Moline in Moline Illinois and Trinity Bettendorf in Bettendorf Iowa. In 2010 Trinity acquired Unity Medical Center in Muscatine Iowa later renaming the facility Trinity Muscatine.
 The Church of the Society of Jesus is a historic Jesuit church in Cusco the ancient capital of the Inca Empire in Peru. It is situated in the Plaza de Armas the city center. Its construction began in 1576 but it was badly damaged in an earthquake in 1650. The rebuilt church was completed nearly two decades later.
 The E. K. Jernigan House is a historic home located at 207 Dunlap Street Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 La Grande Arche de la Défense (pronounced: [la ɡʁɑ̃d aʁʃ də la defɑ̃s]; also La Grande Arche de la Fraternité) is a monument and building in the business district of La Défense and in the commune of Puteaux to the west of Paris France. It is usually known as the Arche de la Défense or simply as La Grande Arche.
 The old Albany Academy building known officially as Academy Park by the City School District of Albany its owner (after the park in which it is located) and formerly known as the Joseph Henry Memorial is located in downtown Albany New York United States. It is a Federal style brownstone building erected in the early 19th century. In 1971 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Chalet Amill in Yauco Puerto Rico is a Beaux Arts style house that was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was built for Corsican immigrant Angel Antongiorgi Paoli was given to his daughter and new husband in 1918 and was later converted to a hotel.
 Evergreen Hamlet is a historic district in Ross Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania USA. It was a planned community that was founded by William Shinn in 1851. Joseph W. Kerr (1815–1888) designed all four of the Evergreen Hamlet houses. The community was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 17 1974.
 The Harford Mall is a shopping mall owned by CBL & Associates Properties that is located near the junction of Maryland Route 24 and U.S. Route 1 about 32 miles (51 km) north of Baltimore in Bel Air Maryland. Its anchors include Macy's and Sears. It is the only shopping mall in Harford County Maryland.
 The Ontario Tower is a 29-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Ontario Tower was completed in 2011.
 The Phoenixville Historic District is a national historic district located at Phoenixville Chester County Pennsylvania. The district consists of the older part of Phoenixville especially the former Phoenix Iron Works site and its employee and owner housing.At the time of nomination (c. 1987) the district contained 908 contributing building 52 non-contributing buildings and one contributing structure (bridge).
 The Kálmán Makláry Fine Arts gallery is a showcase for artists of the Post-War School of Paris. The gallery is a member of Syndicat National des Antiquaires Négociants en Objets d'Art Tableaux anciens et modernes de France.
 Col. Oliver Hazard Payne Estate is a historic 60-acre (24 ha) estate located on the west bank of the Hudson River at Esopus in Ulster County New York. It has a 42000-square-foot (3900 m2) Beaux Arts-style Mediterranean palazzo with an open courtyard designed in 1905 by the architect Thomas Hastings of the renowned firm Carrere and Hastings who also designed the New York Public Library and the Frick Collection.
 St John's Anglican Church also known as St John the Evangelist Church is an Anglican church in Fremantle Western Australia. It was originally opened in 1843 and then replaced with a larger building in 1882. The older building was demolished which allowed Fremantle Town Hall to be built and for the High Street to be extended giving the Kings Square its current shape.
 The Palace of Nations (French: Palais des Nations) in Geneva Switzerland was built between 1929 and 1936 to serve as the headquarters of the League of Nations. It has served as the home of the United Nations Office at Geneva since 1946 when the Secretary General of the UN signed a Headquarters Agreement with the Swiss authorities although Switzerland did not become a member of the UN until 2002.In 2012 alone the Palace of Nations hosted more than 10000 intergovernmental meetings.
 Temple B'nai Jeshurun was a synagogue located in Demopolis Alabama United States. The B'nai Jeshurun congregation was established in 1858 making it the fourth oldest Jewish congregation in Alabama. It was active throughout the latter half of the 19th century and most of the 20th. The original temple was built in 1893. It was torn down after a new smaller building was built inside the older structure in 1958.
 St John the Baptist Church Kirk Hammerton is an Church of England church located in the village of Kirk Hammerton North Yorkshire England. Its origins are thought to be Saxon. The Saxon part of the church which now forms the Lady Chapel is believed to have been built in the 9th century with the tower being added in around 950AD. There were alterations carried out around 1150; in 1892 the building was significantly extended and the interior is richly decorated in a Pre-Raphaelite style.
 The Carmen Thyssen Museum (Museo Carmen Thyssen Málaga) is an art museum in the Spanish city Málaga.
 St. John the Baptist Church is an Anglican church in Beeston Nottinghamshire England.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The Mansion on O Street is an American luxury boutique hotel in the Dupont Circle historic district of Washington D.C. The hotel is noted for eccentric interior styling which includes hidden doors secret passages and rooms in which all furnishings and fixtures are for sale. The four-story building contains guest rooms a private Social club the O Street Museum Foundation and a conference center.
 The Beit Medrash Hagadol Synagogue of Jonava (Lithuanian: Jonavos Beit Midrash Hagadol sinagoga) is a former synagogue in Jonava.In 1941 80% of Jonava's population was Jewish and town had seven synagogues.At present only two synagogues remain and both are not in use. The other synagogues were destroyed when Jonava was attacked by Nazi Germany.Beit Medrash Hagadol Synagogue was one of the two biggest synagogues in Jonava.
 The Alden Bryan House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa. The Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Church of St Paul with St Luke Tranmere is in Old Chester Road Tranmere Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Oliver Miller Homestead (also known as the James Miller House) is a public museum that commemorates pioneer settlers of Western Pennsylvania. It is located in Allegheny County Pennsylvania's South Park about 15 miles (24 km) south of downtown Pittsburgh near Bethel Park Pennsylvania. The house was built on the site of the Oliver Miller Homestead which was first settled in 1772. In 1794 the first fired gunshots of the Whiskey Rebellion occurred on the property.
 The Accademia Carrara (Italian pronunciation: [karˈraːra]) is an art gallery and an academy of fine arts in Bergamo Italy.
 The Daniel Aldrich Cottage and Sawmill are historic buildings located at 364 Aldrich Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On October 7 1983 they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Keep is an archive and historical resource centre which stores conserves and gives the public access to over 900 years of records relating to the English county of East Sussex and the Special Collections held by the University of Sussex. It was funded by East Sussex County Council the City Council of neighbouring Brighton and Hove and the University of Sussex and was built on land close to the university in the Moulsecoomb area of Brighton and Hove.
 Schloss Grosssölk is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Okkenhaug Church (Norwegian: Okkenhaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Okkenhaug. The church is part of the Okkenhaug parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1893 by the architect Ole Andresen. It seats about 220 people.
 Wrinstone or Wrinston is a medieval hamlet just east of Wenvoe Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. The Wrinstone estate was variously also known as Wrenston Wrencheston or Wrenchester.
 The Federal Trade Commission Building is a federal building which serves as the headquarters of the Federal Trade Commission. Completed in 1938 the building was designated by Congress as a contributing structure to the Pennsylvania Avenue National Historic Site in 1966 and it was subsequently listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Radding Building is a large historic commercial building at 143-147 State Street in downtown Springfield Massachusetts. One of the most prominent buildings on State Street it was built in 1915 by Edward Radding to a design by local architect Charles R. Greco. The building has been known for many years as the headquarters of the Mutual Fire Assurance Company (founded 1827) which moved into the building in 1949.
 Havuts Tar (Armenian: Հավուց Թառ Վանք; also Havuts Tar Vank; translates to the All Savior Monastery) is a 11th- to 13th-centuries walled monastery in the Azat River Valley across from the villages of Goght and Garni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. It can be reached easily from the Khosrov State Reserve which it is situated within located across the Garni Gorge. A trail leads directly from the left side of the reserve entrance to the monastic complex.
 Putnam Railroad Station is an historic train station at 35 and 45-47 Main Street in Putnam Connecticut.The station was built in 1907 for the line of the former New York and New England Railroad as a replacement for a former station. It was added to the National Historic Register in 2007.
 Great Conewago Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Church Road near Hunterstown Straban Township Adams County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1787 and is a six bay wide and three bay deep rectangular fieldstone building. It features rounded arched doors and windows and a rounded arch ceiling. During the Gettysburg Campaign it was used as a Confederate Army hospital.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Exchange Ilford is the main retail shopping mall in the town centre of Ilford officially within the London Borough of Redbridge (though the postal county is historically given as Essex). It was owned by The Mall Fund for a period of time but has now been sold and reverted to its original name of The Exchange Mall.
 Larom Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built between 1905 and 1910 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame dwelling with a stone foundation and gable roof in the Queen Anne style. It features a first-floor cure porch located in a 2 1⁄2-story addition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Colonial Brookwood Village (also known as Brookwood Village or Brookwood Mall) is a 750754-square-foot (69747 m2) upscale shopping mall located near Birmingham in the cities of Mountain Brook and Homewood Alabama.
 Magen David or the Shield of David Synagogue is located at the junction of Brabourne Road and Canning Street (Biplabi Rashbehari Road) in Kolkata. Magen David is the second operating synagogue in Kolkata the other is the Beth El Synagogue at Pollock Street.
 The Hieronymites Monastery (Mosteiro dos Jerónimos Portuguese pronunciation: [muʃˈtɐjɾu duʃ ʒɨˈɾɔnimuʃ]) is located near the shore of the parish of Belém in the municipality of Lisbon Portugal. The monastery is one of the most prominent monuments of the Manueline-style architecture (Portuguese Late Gothic) in Lisbon classified in 1983 as a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with the nearby Tower of Belém.
 The Eugene A. Gilmore House also known as Airplane House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Madison Wisconsin in 1908. The client Eugene Allen Gilmore served as faculty at the nearby University of Wisconsin Law School from 1902 to 1922. It is located within the University Heights Historic District.
 The American Beach Historic District is a U.S. historic district in American Beach Florida. It is roughly bounded by Gregg Lewis Leonard Main and James Streets and Ocean Boulevard encompasses approximately 400 acres (1.6 km2) and contains 67 buildings and 1 structure. On January 28 2002 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Bergkvara Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The Harry W. Jones House is a historic house in Minneapolis Minnesota United States in the Tangletown neighborhood. Harry Wild Jones was one of the most notable architects in Minneapolis with a career spanning nearly 50 years. His designs included the Butler Brothers Warehouse the chapel in Lakewood Cemetery and the Washburn Park Water Tower. His own home built in 1887 was one of the first homes in the Washburn Park area and influenced the design of other homes in the area.
 The De Pere Public Library is located in De Pere Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and educational significance in 2002.
 Château de Chouvigny is a castle at Chouvigny in the Sioule valley in the Allier département of France.
 St. Joseph's on the Brandywine is a historic Roman Catholic church complex and national historic district located at 10 Barley Mill Road in Greenville New Castle County Delaware. The district encompasses four contributing buildings and one contributing site. The original church was built in 1841 by the duPont family for Irish and Italian Catholic workers at the duPont works.
 The Samuel Wheat House is a historic house at 399 Waltham Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story timber frame house was built c. 1735 probably for Dr. Samuel Wheat Jr and is one of the oldest houses in the city. It was probably built with the gambrel roof but the dormers are a 19th century addition.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Hilton Brighton Metropole is a 4-star hotel and conference centre located on the seafront in Brighton East Sussex (next to the Grand Hotel which was bombed by the IRA during the 1984 Conservative Party Conference).The architect was Alfred Waterhouse who also was architect of University College London and the Natural History Museum.Currently the UK's largest residential conference centre it was built in 1890 and has 340 bedrooms.
 The Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House is a historic house at 77-83 Ash Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story vernacular Georgian house was built sometime before 1765 and was already a well-known landmark because it was (unusually for the time) painted and served as a tavern on the coach road. The house remained in the hands of militia captain Nathaniel Parker and his descendants into the late 19th century.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Australian National Maritime Museum (ANMM) is a federally-operated maritime museum located in Darling Harbour Sydney. After consideration of the idea to establish a maritime museum the Federal government announced that a national maritime museum would be constructed at Darling Harbour tied into the New South Wales State government's redevelopment of the area for the Australian bicentenary.
 Garrison Hill Tower is a 76-foot-tall (23 m) observatory atop Garrison Hill (298 feet (91 m) high) in Dover New Hampshire United States. The current tower made of iron painted green was built in 1993 and is the third tower to exist on the hill. It is on the National Register of Historical Places for Strafford County New Hampshire.
 First Congregational Church of Swanton (Old Brick Meetinghouse; New Wine Christian Fellowship) is a historic church at 42 Academy Street in the village of Swanton in Vermont.It was built in 1823 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 Solomon House is an 1887 brick-and-brownstone building at 17th and Moravian Streets in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. It was designed by the architectural firm of Furness & Evans headed by Frank Furness Philadelphia's leading architect in the last quarter of the 19th century. It was built as the southernmost of a row of five city houses by developer Joseph Solomon and contractor B. Ketcham.
 Nara Centennial Hall (なら100年会館 Nara Hyakunen Kaikan) is a multi-use complex in Nara Japan. It opened in 1999 as part of the centennial celebrations of the municipality of Nara. There is a large hall that seats up to 1720 a smaller concert hall with a capacity of 446 and a gallery. Arata Isozaki was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 The Barnes Foundation is an American educational art and horticultural institution with locations in Merion Pennsylvania a suburb of Philadelphia; and Logan Square Philadelphia. It was founded in 1922 by Albert C.
 Strayer-Couchman House also known as the Couchman House or Susan Couchman House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a two story L-shaped clapboard sided log house in the Greek Revival style. It has a gable roof and a one story one bay period entrance porch with a flat roof.
 The Midlands is a private house in Louisville Kentucky built 1913-1914; it is listed on the American National Register of Historic Places. The house is located at 25 Poplar Hill Road in Louisville. It was built for Marion Dumont Belknap who was the widow of Louisville businessman Morris B. Belknap who had died in 1910. It was designed by the Louisville firm of E.T. Hutchings.It was listed on the National Register in 1983.
 Westlawn Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Concord Road at Country Road in Westford Massachusetts. Established in 1761 as the West Burying Ground it is one of the town's oldest cemeteries. It occupies a roughly triangular plot of 1.7 acres (0.69 ha). There are approximately 400 marked burials generally laid out in rows running east-west.
 Hyatt Regency New Orleans located at 601 Loyola Ave in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 31-story 361-foot (110 m)-tall hotel. It has 1193 guest rooms including 95 suites. It is part of a complex of connected buildings which includes the Louisiana Superdome 1250 Poydras Plaza Entergy Tower and the Benson Tower. Originally opened in 1976 it was designed by Welton Becket and Associates.
 The Temple of Divine Providence (Polish: Świątynia Opatrzności Bożej) under construction in southern Warsaw's Wilanów district will be one the most important Roman Catholic buildings in Poland. The story of its construction began over 200 years ago. Since then due to historic circumstances Poles had been unable to complete a votive church to Divine Providence. The Temple is meant to be a national and religious symbol for Poland.
 The Stockton Jail in Stockton Utah is an historic jail that was built in 1902 after Stockton was incorporated in 1901. The jail was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.The building is merely 12 by 14 feet (3.7 m × 4.3 m) large divided into three compartments. It is made with concrete walls and roof and has a false front parapet. At the time of its NRHP listing it was well preserved. A 2010 photo shows it has been protected by a chain link fence.
 Gotham House is a Grade II* listed merchant's townhouse on Phoenix Lane in Tiverton Devon just to the northeast of the Tiverton Museum of Mid Devon Life. It was one of a number of buildings constructed in Tiverton following a fire in 1731. The building was restored in 1966 and currently serves as the base for a firm of solicitors. The house and its forecourt walls and entrance gates became listed on 12 February 1952. There have been reports of the house being haunted.
 The California Quadrangle California Building and California Tower are historic structures located in Balboa Park in San Diego California. They were built for the 1915–16 Panama-California Exposition and served as the grand entry to the Expo. The buildings and courtyard were designed by noted architect Bertram Goodhue. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17 1974. They now house the San Diego Museum of Man.
 Community Memorial Hospital is an historic hospital building at 15 Winthrop Avenue in Ayer Massachusetts. The brick and stone Colonial Revival building was constructed in 1929 and expanded in the 1950s. It was designed by the architectural firm of Haynes & Mason and was the first hospital building dedicated to serving the town of Ayer.
 Eastgate Mall is an enclosed mixed-use facility (office and retail complex) in Chattanooga TN.
 The Prey Sar Prison previously known as S24 is the largest of 24 Cambodian prisons and holds about 500 prisoners. Prey Sar is administrated by the Cambodian Ministry of Interior with liaisons from the Ministry of Health. Mong Kim Heng has served as prison Director since 2000.
 Harperly Hall 41 Central Park West is an apartment building in Manhattan New York City United States. The building is located along prestigious Central Park West and was built in 1910 it opened in 1911. Cast in the Arts and Crafts style a rarity for New York City Harperly Hall was designed by Henry W. Wilkerson. The structure was listed as a contributing property to the U.S.
 The Tour des Canadiens is a condominium skyscraper complex under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada. It will be located next to the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal at Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montréal and Mountain Street and is named for the Montreal Canadiens hockey team which is a part-owner of the project.The tower will consist of 552 condos with thirteen floors of parking and a large sports bar on the ground floor.
 The First Universalist Church is a historic Universalist Church building at 125 Highland Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The Romanesque church building was built between 1916 and 1923 to a design by Ralph Adams Cram. The cruciform Gothic Revival structure has a predominantly stucco exterior which is trimmed with details of terra cotta and brick.
 The Wellspring Theater (Chinese: 水源劇場; pinyin: Shuǐyuán Jùchǎng) is a theater in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan. It is located on the 10th floor of the Wellspring Market building.
 Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt (CFB Esquimalt) is Canada's Pacific Coast naval base and home port to Maritime Forces Pacific and Joint Task Force Pacific Headquarters.The base occupies approximately 41 square kilometres (10000 acres) at the southern tip of Vancouver Island on the Strait of Juan de Fuca in and around the municipality of Esquimalt British Columbia adjacent to the western limit of the provincial capital Victoria.CFB Esquimalt comprises facilities including Naden (formerly HMCS Naden) Her Majesty's Canadian (HMC) Dockyard Esquimalt Fleet Maintenance Facility – Cape Breton (FMF-CB) a Fire Fighting and Damage Control School the Naval Officer Training Centre (NOTC Venture) and extensive housing including 716 personnel married quarters located at nine sites such as Belmont Park Work Point and Royal Roads.The present dockyard and drydock known as Her Majesty's Canadian (HMC) Dockyard Esquimalt dates to the Royal Navy's Esquimalt Royal Navy Dockyard (1842–1905) and was the Royal Navy's Pacific Station until 1911; Today it serves as the Canadian Naval Headquarters in the Pacific.Due to their significance in Canadian naval history four sites at CFB Esquimalt (the dockyard the former Royal Navy Hospital the Veterans’ Cemetery and the Cole Island Magazine) have been designated the Esquimalt Naval Sites National Historic Site of Canada.
 The Exploratorium is a museum in San Francisco whose stated mission is to change the way the world learns.
 The Cimarron Historic District is a historic district on the south side of Cimarron New Mexico USA. The district is located south of US Route 64 on the east and west sides of New Mexico Highway 21. In 1973 the district was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The present Douglas County Courthouse is located at 1701 Farnam Street in Omaha Nebraska United States. Built in 1912 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. Notable events at the courthouse include two lynchings and the city's first Civil Rights Era sit-in protest.
 Lake View Cemetery is a historic rural cemetery located in the town of Sweden near Brockport in Monroe County New York. The cemetery was established in 1891. It includes a Romanesque Revival style chapel / receiving vault a small pond a cast iron tiered fountain and a distinctive serpentine road system.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Mesrop Mashtots Institute of Ancient Manuscripts (Armenian: Մեսրոպ Մաշտոցի անվան հին ձեռագրերի ինստիտուտ) commonly referred to as the Matenadaran (Armenian: About this sound Մատենադարան) is a repository of ancient manuscripts research institute and museum located in Yerevan Armenia.
 La Teresita is an historic Cuban cuisine restaurant with affiliated market and bakery in Tampa Florida in the West Tampa region. La Teresita opened in 1972 as a market. La Teresita is owned by the Capedevila family. A grocery market is located on the other side of a side street off West Columbus Drive from the restaurant and bakery. Founders Maximino and Coralia Capdevila emigrated from Cuba in 1962 after Fidel Castro came to power.
 B.P. Koirala Memorial Cancer Hospital (or BPKMCH) is a hospital of Nepal located in Bharatpur. The hospital is one of the very few specialized hospitals outside the Kathmandu valley in Nepal. The hospital is named for Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala who served as the first democratically elected Prime Minister of Nepal from 1959 to 1960 and who died of throat cancer in 1982.
 For the hospital in St. Louis Missouri see Barnes-Jewish Hospital. For other uses see Barnes.Barnes Hospital also known as Manchester Convalescent Home in Cheadle Greater Manchester England is a former hospital. It is located on the border between Manchester and Stockport near to the A34 road in the middle of the complex interchange between the A34 M60 motorway and M56 motorway. Whilst the hospital was constructed in a rural setting it is now surrounded by roads.
 Mary Disston School also known as St. Josaphat's Ukrainian Catholic Church is a historic school building located in the Tacony neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1900-1901 and is a two-story three-bay U-shaped stone building in the Colonial Revival style. A rear addition was built in 1967.
 Adirondack Iron and Steel Company is a historic ironworks complex located at Tahawus in Essex County New York. It consists of the remains of the Upper Works iron foundry that date back to 1826. Iron from the site was contaminated with titanium which together with its isolation made for an unprofitable venture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 John's Modern Cabins are an abandoned ghost tourist court on U.S. Route 66 in Newburg Missouri. Structurally unsound and at risk of being demolished or simply collapsing for many years their name is now an unwitting example of irony in the English language.
 Novi Sad Synagogue (Serbian: Новосадска синагога or Novosadska sinagoga) is one of many cultural institutions in Novi Sad Serbia in the capital of Serbian the province of Vojvodina. Located on Jevrejska (Jewish) Street in the city center the synagogue has been recognized as a historic landmark.
 Stoner-Keller House and Mill also known as the Abraham Stoner House John H. Keller House and Stoner Mill is a historic home and grist mill located near Strasburg Shenandoah County Virginia. The main house was built in 1844 and is a two-story five-bay gable-roofed L-shaped vernacular Greek Revival style brick I-house. It has a frame one-story three-bay hip-roofed front porch with late-Victorian scroll-sawn wood decoration.
 The Batavia Depot Museum is a museum in Batavia Illinois that was once the town's Chicago Burlington and Quincy Railroad Depot. It was the first of many depots built by the company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Gjøra Chapel (Norwegian: Gjøra kapell) is a chapel in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Gjøra. The chapel is part of the Romfo parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The brown wooden church was built in 1935 by the architect Johan Meyer. The church seats about 100 people.
 John Herbert Quick House also known as Coolfont is a historic home located near Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1913 and is a large 2 1/2-story mansion in the Colonial Revival style. The front facade features a two story pedimented with a one story rounded portico topped by a balustrade. It was built by author John Herbert Quick (1861-1925).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Thompson School is a historic school building on Prospect Street in Webster Massachusetts. The 2.5 story English Revival brick building was constructed in 1912-13 to a design by Walter F. Fountaine a leading architect from nearby Woonsocket Rhode Island. It was named for Dr. John A. Thompson who served on the local school committee from 1907 until his death in 1916.The school building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Bridge in Nicholson Township is a historic lenticular truss bridge located in Nicholson Township Wyoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876 and measures 110 feet (34 m) long. It spans Tunkhannock Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Joseph Parker House is a historic house at 107 Grove Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built around 1795 when it first appeared on local maps. It is predominantly Federal in its styling with smaller second-story windows and boxed cornices. Its center entry surround is a Greek Revival feature with an architrave surround with corner blocks and half-length sidelight windows.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Harlem Hospital Center is a 272-bed public municipally owned teaching hospital in New York City founded in 1887. It is located at 506 Lenox Avenue at 135th Street in the Harlem community of Manhattan.
 Monroeville Mall owned and operated by CBL & Associates Properties Inc. is a two-level enclosed shopping mall in the municipality of Monroeville Pennsylvania east of Pittsburgh. It is located along heavily traveled U.S. Route 22 near the junction of Interstate 376 and the Monroeville interchange of the Pennsylvania Turnpike. It was completed in 1969 extensively renovated and expanded in 2003-2004 and includes Macy's J. C.
 The Wheeler Family Farmstead is a historic farm complex at 817 South Main Street in Great Barrington Massachusetts. The farmhouse has elements dating to the 1730s including evidence of building methods used by Dutch settlers of the Hudson River valley and has been successively modified in each of the following centuries with the last significant work occurring in the 1920s. All of the surviving farm buildings in the complex are at least 90 years old and some date to the 19th century.
 The Columbian is a 517-foot-tall (158 m) skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was constructed from 2005 to 2008 and has 47 floors. It is the tallest brick-clad building and 76th tallest building in Chicago. There are 225 units and 4 elevators.
 Château de Bayac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Barnet Hospital formerly called Barnet General Hospital is a hospital in Barnet north London run by Barnet and Chase Farm NHS Hospitals Trust as part of the National Health Service.
 Casa Manila is a museum in Intramuros depicting colonial lifestyle during Spanish colonisation of the Philippines.The museum is the imposing stone-and-wood structure circa 1850 one of the grand houses in Barrio San Luis (one of the four original villages) of Intramuros is located across historic San Agustin church and bounded by Calle Real General Luna Cabildo and Urdaneta streets.
 Flanley's Block is a historic commercial building at 349-353 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts USA. The three story brick building was originally build in 1895 by John Flanley a local furniture salesman. In 1918 the building was adapted for use by the local branch of the International Order of Odd Fellows. It retains significant Italianate features including an extended cornice and smaller round-arch windows.
 The Rodney Davis Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 62 Catharine Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built in 1894 and features a typical sidehall plan with projecting side section and a single story porch flanked on one side by a polygonal bay. The build once had more elaborate Queen Anne porch decorations but these have been lost.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Bronx Opera House is a former theater part of the Subway Circuit now converted into a boutique hotel in the Bronx New York It was designed by George M. Keister and built in 1913 at 436 East 149th Street on the site of Frederick Schnaufer's stable. It was one of several theaters to come into the area that became known as the Hub.
 The Reading Standpipe was a historic water tower atop a hill near the corner of Auburn and Beacon Streets in Reading Massachusetts. The 138-foot (42 m) tower was built in 1890-91 as part of Reading's first water supply system and was for many years a significant community landmark. The tower was built of steel and wrought iron in a style reminiscent of medieval fortifications.The tower was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Glencove Hotel is a former hotel in Glencove Washington. It was built in 1897 by Hans Nicholas and Agnes Petersen. The hotel contained six guest rooms and three floors but was converted to a private residence in 1930. It is currently run as a bed and breakfast.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Howden Minster is a large Grade I listed Church of England church in the Diocese of York. It is located in Howden East Riding of Yorkshire England. It is one of the largest and most magnificent churches in the East Riding of Yorkshire. It is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul and it is therefore properly known as 'the Minster Church of St Peter and St Paul'. Its Grade I listed status also includes the Chapter House.
 The Tour La Villette (previously known as the Tour Daewoo Tour Périphérique and Tour Olympe) is an office skyscraper located in Aubervilliers in the inner suburbs of Paris France. Built in 1974 and with a height of 125 meters the tower has been renovated in the 1990s. It is built at Porte de la Villette nearby Paris périphérique and hosted the European headquarters of the Korean automotive corporation Daewoo.
 Järve Centre (Estonian: Järve Keskus) is a shopping centre in southern Tallinn Estonia. Järve Centre is the biggest shopping centre selling furnishing goods in Estonia with a gross leasable area of 43000 square metres containing nearly 111 different shops (including 9 restaurants and cafés). Despite the name of Järve the centre is located in Nõmme district's Rahumäe subdistrict.The shopping centre has three floors with the shops and other commercial services on the first and second floors.
 The Saifee Hospital is a hospital State of the art modern hospital built in the Charni Road region of Mumbai India. It has 33 specialised departments 200 doctors and 295 beds.The Saifee hospital was envisioned originally by Syedna Taher Saifuddin who led the Dawoodi Bohra community from 1915 to 1965 and fostered efforts in medical care for the community.
 English Center Suspension Bridge is a historic suspension bridge spanning Pine Creek in Pine Township Lycoming County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1891 and has a single span measuring 300 feet (91 m) long and 15 feet (4.6 m) wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum is a museum located in Colonial Williamsburg Virginia United States. Initially based on donations from Abby Aldrich Rockefeller it was founded in 1957 and then subsequently expanded to contain a much higher number of objects of folk art. Today it includes more than 3000 objects.
 Cherry Mansion is a historic antebellum house in Savannah Tennessee located on a bluff overlooking the east bank of the Tennessee River. It has historical significance for its role as General Ulysses S. Grant's headquarters at the time of the Civil War Battle of Shiloh.
 Lancaster Community Hospital (LCH) was a private hospital located in Lancaster California. It was closed after the opening of Palmdale Regional Medical Center.
 Old Brick Church once known as First Presbyterian or North Presbyterian is a church in Iowa City Iowa. One of the few surviving pre-Civil War structures in Iowa City Old Brick was built in 1856 at the site of an older Presbyterian church that had burned. Its steeple was demolished in an 1877 wind storm it was rebuilt with a crenellated belfry giving it a distinctive appearance.
 The University Teaching Hospital of Yaounde (French: Centre Hospitalier et Universitaire de Yaoundé - CHU) is a University Hospital in Yaoundé Cameroon founded by a Presidential decree on the 28th of October 1965. It has the goal of training general physicians who can diagnose a treat a wide range of diseases and can provide health education.
 Lincoln Heights Branch is the second oldest branch library in the Los Angeles Public Library system. Located in the Lincoln Heights section of Los Angeles California it was built in the Classical Revival and Italian Renaissance Revival styles in 1916 with a grant from Andrew Carnegie. One of three surviving Carnegie libraries in Los Angeles it has been designated as a Historic-Cultural Monument and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Orion Clemens House at 502 N. Division St. in Carson City Nevada United States was built in 1862. Also known as Mark Twain's House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The listing included two contributing buildings.It was built by Orion Clemens a lawyer who was the first Secretary of the Nevada Territory. The house was long ago also sometimes known as the Governor's Mansion from times when Orion was Governor Pro Tem when Nye was away.
 The Marshall U.S. Post Office also known as Marshall Federal Building and Marshall U.S. Courthouse was built in 1915. It is a Classical Revival building designed by Oscar Wenderoth (supervising architect) and George Shaul.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It is used as a courthouse by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas.
 The Museum Paleontologic and Archaeological Walter Ilha is located at street Rua Fernando Ferrari 164 in the city São Pedro do Sul in the state of Rio Grande do Sul Brazil. It is a museum of Paleorrota Geopark with information on the region.
 The Landmark Medical Center is a private not-for-profit hospital at 115 Cass Avenue in Woonsocket Rhode Island and with another unit Fogarty Hospital on 146A in North Smithfield Rhode Island. In 1988 the hospital was created as a merger between Woonsocket Hospital and Fogarty Hospital of North Smithfield. The merged hospitals had been providing healthcare for nearly 130 years.
 The Duluth Depot was built in 1892 served seven different rail lines and accommodated 5000 passengers. In 1973 it re-opened housing the Duluth Art Institute Lake Superior Railroad Museum St. Louis County Historical Society Museum North Shore Scenic Railroad and five performing arts organizations.Between 1977 and 1985 it served Amtrak's Arrowhead (Minneapolis–Duluth) and North Star (Chicago–Duluth).
 The Arminius Hotel is a historic hotel in Portland Oregon United States. It was built in 1904 by Otto Kleeman and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 El Centro College is a community college of the Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) located at 801 Main Street in downtown Dallas Texas (USA) across Lamar Street from the Bank of America Plaza. The facility previously the downtown store of the Sanger Harris department store chain (now part of Macy's) is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was the first college established in the DCCCD and opened its doors in 1966.
 Thoby Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 Lehman's Mill Historic District is a national historic district at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. The district comprises the remaining buildings of the mill group including the brick Lehman's Mill built in 1869 for Henry F.
 The Church of St Andrew is a Grade I listed church in the village of Clifton Campville Staffordshire.Though nothing remains of the building mentioned in Domesday some parts of the south wall date back to the year 1200 with traces of 13th century wall paintings. The church was enlarged into the shape of a cross in the first half of the 13th century. It was enlarged again in the 14th century.
 Holy Family Cathedral is a cathedral of the Catholic Church in the United States. It is the motherchurch of the Archdiocese of Anchorage and is the seat of the prelate archbishop. It is located in the City of Anchorage in the state of Alaska.
 Restaurant Gordon Ramsay also known as Gordon Ramsay at Royal Hospital Road is a three Michelin star restaurant owned and operated by Gordon Ramsay located at Royal Hospital Road London. It opened in 1998 and was Ramsay's first solo restaurant. In 2001 it made Gordon Ramsay the first Scottish chef to have won three Michelin stars. Critically it has been both praised and criticized with particular criticism coming from the Harden's restaurant guide.
 The UN City (Danish: FN Byen) is a campus in Copenhagen provided by the Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs to various services from eight United Nations agencies. The campus provide office and workspace for 1100 employees but has room for 1500 employees making it the sixth largest UN campus measured by the amount of staff. The employees are representing a total of 104 different countries.
 Far West Missouri was a Latter Day Saint (Mormon) settlement in Caldwell County Missouri. Today it is a historic site.
 The US Post Office Garage is a historic garage at 135 A Street in South Boston Massachusetts.It was built in 1940 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.In 2009 the only building on the enormous parking area connected to the cited address is a modern maintenance garage on Binford Street. Apparently the NRHP building has been removed.
 The Keller House in Hazleton Pennsylvania was a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was removed from the National Register in 1978. It was acquired by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in 1978 after a $60000 grant from the United States Department of the Interior.
 The Lake McDonald Lodge is a historic lodge located within Glacier National Park on the southeast shore of Lake McDonald. The lodge is a 3-1/2-story structure built in a Swiss chalet style based on Kirtland Cutter's design. The foundation and first floor walls are built of stone with a wood-frame superstructure. The lobby is a large open space that extends to the third story.
 1 Treasury Place (also known as the State Government Office) is a government building in Melbourne Victoria Australia that was built in the '60s and comprises five levels of office accommodation. The building was designed by architect Barry Patten according to the internationalist style of architecture.The building is home to the Victorian Government Department of Premier and Cabinet (DPC) and Department of Treasury and Finance (DTF).
 Community Church of Gonzales is a historic Gothic Revival church building at 301 4th Street in Gonzales California United States. It was built 1883–1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is one of Monterey County's oldest functioning churches a prominent Carpenter Gothic church exemplifying a type common to late-19th-century small California towns.
 St Bernard's Hospital is the only civilian general hospital in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.
 The Harmon Miller House also known as Brookbound is located on NY 23/9H on the south edge of Claverack New York United States. It is a wooden house on a medium-sized farm built in the 1870s.It is one of the few buildings in the Second Empire architectural style in the Claverack area. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bethel Chapel The Bars Guildford is a Strict Baptist Chapel affiliated to the Gospel Standard group of Strict & Particular Baptist churches. The Church was established in 1879 and the present building opened in 1910. Bethel still adheres to its original Articles of Faith and worship is conducted much as it was a century ago.The congregation started in 1878 when a few people left the Old Baptist Chapel in Castle Street dissatisfied with the liturgy there.
 HM Prison Thameside is a Category B men's private prison located in the Thamesmead area of the Royal Borough of Greenwich in south-east London England. Thameside Prison is operated by Serco and is situated next to Belmarsh and Isis prisons.
 Amos Kelly House is a historic home located at Cambridge Springs Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1873 and 1876 and is large two-story rectangular frame dwelling in the Italianate style. It measures approximately 95 feet by 60 feet. The front facade features a large front porch overhanging eaves and a square cupola.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 {Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Cangas de Onís) is a church in Asturias Spain.es:Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Cangas de Onís)|Iglesia de la Santa Cruz (Cangas de Onís) is a church in Asturias Spain.}
 The Jewish Museum of Australia is the only Jewish community museum in Australia which aims to explore and share the Jewish experience in Australia. It is located in St Kilda a suburb of Melbourne.The museum has presented over forty wide-ranging exhibitions several of which traveled nationally. The museum has attracted significant communal support and won several prestigious industry awards.In 2011 the museum conceived the Babel Project.
 Mason and Dixon Survey Terminal Point is a historic marker located near Pentress West Virginia United States. Located on the boundary between Monongalia County West Virginia and Greene County Pennsylvania it identifies the terminal station established by Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon on Brown's Hill on October 19 1767.
 St Giles' Cathedral more properly termed the High Kirk of Edinburgh is the principal place of worship of the Church of Scotland in Edinburgh. Its distinctive crown steeple is a prominent feature of the city skyline at about a third of the way down the Royal Mile which runs from the Castle to Holyrood Palace. The church has been one of Edinburgh's religious focal points for approximately 900 years.
 Horim Museum is a museum in Seoul South Korea.The museum was founded by Yun Jang-seob (윤장섭 尹章燮) who after setting up the Sungbo Cultural Foundation (성보문화재단 成保文化財團) in July 1981 to purchase antiquities established the Horim Museum in October 1982 at Daechi-dong Gangnam-gu by leasing one floor of a building.
 Nikka Yuko Japanese Garden is a 4-acre (16000 m2) garden near Henderson Lake in Lethbridge Alberta designed by Dr. Tadashi Kubo of Osaka Prefecture University in Japan. The pavilion shelter bridges and gates were built in Japan by artisans who later reassembled them in the garden. It was opened in 1967 during Canada's Centennial.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church building located at 700 22nd Street Rock Island Illinois U.S.A. Designed by architect William C. Jones of Chicago in the Palladian style it was built between 1914-1915. Its exterior walls are of brick covered by Bedford limestone. Its superimposed front portico is supported by six 2 story columns with egg-and-dart capitals.
 Carteret General Hospital is a 135 bed non-profit hospital in Morehead City North Carolina. Carteret General was founded in 1967.
 The Torre Generali was a proposed supertall located in Panama City of Panama. If it was built the tower would have stood 318 meters (1043 feet) tall contain 52 floors and be completed in 2003. It also would have been the tallest tower in Latin America and be the first tower there to break the 1000-foot (300 m) mark. The upper floors on clear days would have offered views of both the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans.
 The North Dakota Mill and Elevator is the largest flour mill in the United States. It is located in the city of Grand Forks North Dakota. The mill is owned by the U.S. state of North Dakota and is the only state-owned milling facility in the United States.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity (Slovene: Cerkev Svete Trojice) is a historical building in Hrastovlje Slovenia. There are two hypotheses about its origin. According to the first it is a Romanesque church from the 12th century. According to the second it is an example of the Istrian variant of Early Venetian Renaissance architecture from the 15th century. The church stands behind a wall that the local population built to protect itself from Turkish attacks in the 16th century.
 Landguard Manor (or Languard) is a manor house in Shanklin on the Isle of Wight England. Mentioned in the Domesday Book over the centuries it was home to numerous notable gentlemen. It is a Grade II listed building. One of the finest known portraits by Sir Thomas Lawrence English portrait painter and president of the Royal Academy is located in its drawing room.
 The Chiesa di San Nicolò da Tolentino commonly known as the Tolentini is a church in Venice northern Italy the home of the Theatines order in the city. The Theatines arrived in Venice in 1527 after the Sack of Rome. The church dedicated to Saint Nicholas of Tolentino was begun in 1590 by Vincenzo Scamozzi and finally completed in 1714.
 The William Boggs Farm is located in the Back Creek Valley of Berkeley County West Virginia ner Hedgesville. The property was settled before 1750 by William Boggs who may have been the first settler in the valley. A 1750 survey indicates that Boggs had 275 acres (111 ha) of land with a cabin. By 1766 Boggs had accumulated 527 acres (213 ha).
 Lee School is a historic one-room school building located at Montour in Schuyler County New York. It is a one-room one story gable roofed frame building built in 1884. It served the town as Montour District #1 School until 1937.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Bridge Valley Bridge also known as Pettit's Bridge and Eight-Arch Bridge is an historic stone arch bridge located in Warwick Township Bucks County Pennsylvania United States. It crosses Neshaminy Creek. It is eight spans each 27 feet long and was constructed in 1804. It is constructed of ashlar stone with rubble and dirt infill. It remained in vehicular use until 1970.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pollepel Island /pɒlɨˈpɛl/ is an island in the Hudson River.Also known as Pollopel Island Pollopel's Island Bannerman's Island and Bannermans' Island is the site of Bannermans' Castle. Pollepel Island is about 50 miles (80 km) north of New York City and about 1000 feet (300 m) from the Hudson River's eastern bank. It contains about 6.5 acres (26000 m2) most of it rock.The principal feature on the island is Bannermans' Castle an abandoned military surplus warehouse.
 Manatí Bridge at Mata de Plátano also known as Bridge #321 or Puente Juan José Jiménez was built in 1905 near Ciales Puerto Rico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Waltz Road–Huron River Bridge is an automobile bridge located on Waltz Road spanning the Huron River in Huron Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Twillingate Museum is a museum located in the town of Twillingate Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It features several exhibits showcasing the history of the town's people and culture. One of the exhibits includes several artifacts of the Maritime Archaic people that were found in nearby Back Harbour.The museum also features a craft shop with many handmade Newfoundland items. It is located just off Main Street on the north shore of the town.
 Union Chapel also known as Mitchell Hollow Union Chapel is a historic chapel on Mill Road in Windham Greene County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a one story three by three bay wood frame structure resting on a stone and concrete foundation. It is sheathed in narrow clapboards and features a fully pedimented portico and a two stage bell tower.
 Volcano House is a Geology exhibition in Reykjavík Iceland located at Tryggvagata 11.The exhibition gives a brief overview of Iceland’s geological history and volcanic systems.Every hour the Volcano House shows two documentaries one about the volcanic eruption of Eyjafjallajökull in 2010 and one about the volcanic eruption in the Westman Islands in 1973. Volcano House also includes a coffee shop and a gift shop. Opening hours are from 9.00 - 22.00 every day of the week.
 The Jeffries Covered Bridge was destroyed by arson on April 2 2002. It was a Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Joseph A. Britton & Son in 1861. It was 204 feet (62 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high. Parke County debated whether to rebuild this bridge to preserve its historical significance but ultimately replaced it with a modern bridge.
 St. Francis Hospital Nsambya commonly known as Nsambya Hospital is a hospital in Kampala Uganda's capital and largest city.
 The Henry County Courthouse is located in New Castle Indiana USA on the land designated as court house square by the Henry County Commissioners. The Court House was built between 1865-1869 at a cost of $120000. An annex was added in 1905 at a cost of $44000. When it was built the commissioners wanted a fireproof courthouse. They did not want to see the courthouse burn again as it had in 1865.
 Philadelphia Wholesale Drug Company Building is a historic warehouse building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1927 and is a seven-story seven bay by five bay reinforced concrete building with brick and cast stone facing. It measures approximately 190 feet by 112 feet.
 The Manlius Village Historic District is a 15-acre (6.1 ha) historic district on the east side of the village of Manlius in the town of Manlius New York about 9.5 miles from the downtown of Syracuse.The village was bypassed by later transportation—Genesee Street/Route 5 which took a flatter course to the north the Erie Canal which generated growth of Syracuse railroads and the NYS Thruway in the 1950s—and thus retains much of the flavor of the turnpike era to which this small Onondaga County village owes its existence.The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. 
 All Saints Catholic Church is a historic church on the east side of Jefferson Street between Park Alley and Red Row Alley in Taylorsville Kentucky.It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Art Gallery of New South Wales (AGNSW) located in The Domain in Sydney New South Wales Australia was established in 1880 and is the most important public gallery in Sydney and the fourth largest in Australia. Admission is free to the general exhibition space which displays Australian (from settlement to contemporary) European and Asian art.
 The Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library is an exuberant Shingle Style building at 30 Martin Street in Essex Massachusetts in the United States. Containing town offices a public library and an auditorium it was built in 1893-94 and its architect was Frank W. Weston of Boston and Malden Massachusetts.The new building was described in the March 1894 issue of The Library Journal:Essex (Mass.) P[ublic].
 L'Escargot was established in 1927 and is London's oldest French restaurant. It is situated at 48 Greek Street in the heart of the Soho district of central London.L'Escargot is housed in an 18th Century townhouse once owned by the Duke of Portland.The well-known chef Marco Pierre White worked at the restaurant.It has recently been acquired by Brian Clivaz and Laurence Isaacson and has been refurbished to a high standard offering traditional French cuisine.
 Mifflinburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Mifflinburg Union County Pennsylvania. The district includes 233 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Mifflinburg. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Old Main at Knox College Galesburg Illinois is the oldest building on the college campus and the best preserved site of one of the 1858 senatorial debates between Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas. It has been designated a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of the Interior.
 Restaurant The Bishop's Buttery of the Cashel Palace Hotel is a restaurant located in Cashel in County Tipperary Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1982 and 1983. The Egon Ronay Guide awarded the restaurant one star in 1982.The kitchen style of the restaurant is Modern. Head chef and owner in the time of the Michelin star was Declan Ryan.The restaurant is housed in the Cashel Palace Hotel a four starred hotel.
 Tour T1 (also known as the Tour GDF Suez) is an office skyscraper in La Défense the high-rise business district west of Paris France.Construction began in 2005 and the tower was completed and opened in 2008. The tower 185 m (607 ft) tall is the third-tallest skyscraper in La Défense after the Tour Total (190m) and Tour First (231m). Since 2010 the entirety of the building's office space has been rented by GDF Suez.
 Ballathie House is a 19th-century mansion in Perthshire Scotland. It is located around 9 miles (14 km) north of Perth and 5.5 miles (8.9 km) west of Coupar Angus close to the River Tay. The present house was built in 1886 and since 1972 it has operated as a country house hotel.
 The Westminster Presbyterian Church in Topeka Kansas was built in 1926. It was designed by architect Charles Cuthbert in Late Gothic Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The IXL Historical Museum is a historic office building residence and museum complex in Hermansville Michigan United States. The main building was constructed as the headquarters for the Wisconsin Land & Lumber Company before it became a museum. The museum was organized in 1982 and the main building also known as the Wisconsin Land and Lumber Company Office was deignated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1973 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The George Washington House or Indian Queen Tavern is located at Baltimore Ave. at Upshur St. in Bladensburg Prince George's County Maryland. It was constructed in the 1760s. The 2 1⁄2-story structure is constructed of brick Flemish bond on ends. The plan is rectangular with a gabled roof exterior end chimneys gabled shingled dormers. There are first and second-story center entrances each with a transom. There is a full-width 1-story porch with balustraded deck side entrances.
 Wat Botum Vathey (Khmer: វត្តបុទម lit. Temple of the Lotus Blossoms) is a wat located at Oknha Suor Srun Street 7 Sangkat Chaktomuk Khan Daun Penh Phnom Penh Cambodia. It is located to the south of the Royal Palace of Cambodia on the western side of Wat Botum Park.
 First Christian Church is a historic church at S. Kentucky and W. First Street in Corbin Kentucky.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The White Lion Inn was a public house located in Henley Street Stratford-upon-Avon England an example of Elizabethan architecture that first appears in historical records in either 1541 or 1591. The building was mentioned by both Harriet Beecher Stowe and Rupert Graves.
 The Soo Line High Bridge is a steel deck arch bridge over the St. Croix River between Stillwater Minnesota and Somerset Wisconsin. It was designed by structural engineer C.A.P. Turner and built by the American Bridge Company. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was the second bridge on a Wisconsin Central Railway line that connected Chippewa Falls Wisconsin with Minneapolis Minnesota. The line was originally built in 1884.
 Château de la Mothe is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Warrington Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house on PA 74 in Wellsville Warrington Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1769 and is a one-story uncoursed fieldstone building with a steeply pitched gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Lotte Hotel Moscow («Лотте Отель Москва») is a 5 star hotel in Moscow situated at the intersection of New Arbat Avenue and Novinsky Boulevard. The hotel is the first oversea project of South Korean Lotte Hotels & Resorts hotel chain. It is the highest rated hotel in the Lotte chain.
 The Chen Clan Academy (simplified Chinese: 陈家祠; traditional Chinese: 陳家祠; pinyin: Chén Jiā Cí) is an academic temple in Guangzhou (Canton) China built by the 72 Chen (It is usually romanised as Chan in Cantonese) clans for their juniors' accommodation and preparation for the imperial examinations in 1894 in Qing Dynasty. Later it was changed to be the Chen Clan’s Industry College and then middle schools afterward.
 Lockport Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Lockport New York located on Transit Road (NY 78). It opened in 1971 and included three anchor stores as well as a movie theater and a Garfields Restaurant and Pub. The mall closed in 2006 except for the Bon-Ton department store. First announced in 2007 plans for a Walmart supercenter would displace the rest of the former mall building. The mall's demolition began in April 2011.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church built in 1871 is an historic Episcopal church located at 7 Court Place at York Street in Newport Kentucky in the United States. On November 25 1980 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Gen. William Mitchell House also known as Boxwood or the Gen. Billy Mitchell House was the home of Billy Mitchell during the last ten years of his life from 1926 through 1936. Mitchell was an American general who is regarded as the father of the U.S. Air Force. He was regarded as one of the most famous and most controversial figures in American airpower history.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.It is located about .5 mile south of Middleburg on Virginia Route 626.
 The Brame House also known as the Brame-Cody-Neal House was a historic Classical Revival-style house in Montgomery Alabama. The two-story frame house was built in 1897 by W.W. Brame. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on January 29 1980 and to the National Register of Historic Places on September 17 1980. Its fate is unclear although it no longer stands at the address listed on the registers.
 The Royal Dragon Restaurant of Bangkok Thailand was recorded in the Guinness World Records as the world's largest restaurant in 1992.The 8.35 acres (33800 m2) restaurant has place for 5000 customers.
 Mystic Cottage was a historic U.S. home located at 105 Magnolia Road Pinehurst North Carolina.
 Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital is Canada's largest children's rehabilitation hospital. It is located in Toronto Ontario Canada.
 Kikokuzan Kongō Jufuku Zenji (亀谷山金剛寿福禅寺) usually known as Jufuku-ji is a temple of the Kenchō-ji branch of the Rinzai sect and the oldest Zen temple in Kamakura Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. Ranked third among Kamakura's prestigious Five Mountains it is number 24 among the Thirty-Three Kamakura Kannon (鎌倉三十三観音 Kamakura Sanjūsan Kannon) pilgrimage temples and number 18 of the Kamakura Nijūyon Jizō (鎌倉二十四地蔵) temples. Its main object of worship is Shaka Nyorai.
 The Cabildo was the seat of colonial government in New Orleans Louisiana and is now a museum. The Cabildo is located along Jackson Square adjacent to St. Louis Cathedral.
 Stonefield located at 12195 County Road VV outside Cassville Wisconsin United States was the 2000 acre (8 km²) estate of Wisconsin's first governor Nelson Dewey. Much of the original estate has been separated into Nelson Dewey State Park and the Stonefield historic site an expansive museum operated by the Wisconsin Historical Society.
 Bess Kaiser Hospital was a hospital in Portland Oregon United States which closed in 1998.The hospital opened in 1959 and was the first hospital in Kaiser's hospital network. It was named after Henry J. Kaiser's wife Bess. The former location is now occupied by Adidas America Headquarters Salomon North America Inc. and several physicians.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Olean in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a Gothic Revival style church building designed by upstate New York architect Robert W. Gibson (1854–1927) and constructed 1889-1890. The complex also includes the Ashton Parish House constructed 1922-1923 and the rectory known as the Watson Wing built about 1885.
 Sashabaw Presbyterian Church is a historic church located art 5331 Maybee Road near Clarkston Michigan. The church is one of the oldest in the Detroit Presbytery and has served congregations for nearly 150 years. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1964 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Emanuel Building also known as the Bank of Mobile and Staples-Pake Building is a historic commercial building in Mobile Alabama United States. The three-story masonry structure was built in 1850 and then remodeled several times over the next century. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 21 1978.
 Hershey’s Chocolate World is the name of Hershey's visitor center in Hershey Pennsylvania United States. Another installation is coming in 2014 to New York-New York Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas Strip Nevada United States. Open year-round Hershey's Chocolate World offers marketplace shops and restaurants specializing in Hershey's chocolate products.
 The Ida M. Rice House also known as Haskell House is a Colonial Revival style building in Colorado Springs Colorado that was built in 1927. It was designed by Thomas P. Barber.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It's now featured on a Colorado Springs walking tour.
 The George Short House is a historic house located at 121 N. Main St. in Greenville Kentucky. Built in the 1840s the house is the oldest remaining home in Greenville and one of fewer than ten in the city from before the Civil War.
 The Hoodin Building was a historic apartment building in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1881 it was once one of the neighborhood's most prestigious addresses. Despite its designation as a historic site it is no longer standing.Measuring two-and-a-half stories tall the Hoodin Building was an Italianate structure with weatherboarded walls and a foundation of fieldstone.
 The Palace Lodge is a historic commercial building in the small town of Winslow Indiana United States. Since its construction in the late nineteenth century the building has been the location of several businesses the meeting place for two different secret societies and the center of the town's commercial district. It has been declared a historic site because of its historically significant architecture.
 Belmont is a historic home located at Bensalem Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is an L-shaped 2 3/4-story stuccoed stone dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It has a hipped roof and features a one-story wraparound verandah. The home was built for mill owner Paul Townsend on a farm property in 1850 and owned until his death in 1890. The home is across the street from Neshaminy Mall on Bristol Road.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Kohala Historical Sites State Monument includes the National Historic Landmark Moʻokini Heiau and the birthplace of Kamehameha I.It is located in remote North Kohala on the Island of Hawaiʻi.
 Ridi Viharaya (Sinhala: රිදී විහාරය) or Silver Temple is a 2nd-century BCE Theravada Buddhist temple in the village of Ridigama Sri Lanka. Built during the reign of Dutthagamani of Anuradhapura the temple is considered as the place where the silver ore which provided silver to complete Ruwanwelisaya; one of the largest stupa in Sri Lanka was discovered.
 The Dalles Carnegie Library is a historic building located at the corner of Fourth and Washington streets in The Dalles Oregon United States. It is one of the 2509 libraries whose construction was funded by Andrew Carnegie. The construction grant of $10000 was approved March 10 1907 and it was dedicated as The Carnegie Library of The Dalles in September 1910.The building was used as the local public library until September 1966.
 St Cuthbert's Church is an Anglican church in Halsall a village in Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool and the archdeaconry of Warrington. The oldest parts of the church date from the 14th century and there have been several alteratons and additions. It is designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 The Josiah Hess Covered Bridge No. 122 is a historic wooden covered bridge over Huntington Creek in Fishing Creek Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 105.1-foot-long (32.0 m) Burr Truss arch bridge constructed in 1875. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Chance Boatyard is a group of historic buildings at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is formerly a boat-building and repair complex. Most of the buildings were built between 1913 and 1942 to support the boat-building and repair activity of Chance Marine Construction Corporation and its successors Annapolis Yacht Yards and Trumpy & Sons.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Spjelkavik Church (Norwegian: Spjelkavik kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Spjelkavik on the western end of the island of Uksenøya. The church is part of the Spjelkavik parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The hexagonal brick church was built in 1987 by the architect Alf Apalseth. The church seats about 600 people.
 Râșnov Citadel (Romanian: Cetatea Râșnov German: Rosenauer Burg) is a historic monument and landmark in Romania. It is situated in Râşnov Brașov County in the immediate vicinity of Brașov.The citadel was built as part of a defence system for the Transylvanian villages exposed to outside invasions.
 Toffen Castle (German: Schloss Toffen) is a Baroque country estate in Toffen Canton of Bern Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
 The Glenville School is on Pemberwick Road in the Glenville section of Greenwich Connecticut United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It was one of several schools built in the town in 1920s when it consolidated its former rural school districts into a modern school system with modern buildings.Architect James O. Betelle a specialist in school buildings produced a Georgian Revival school similar to the seven other ones in the town.
 The Federal Detention Center (FDC Philadelphia) is a United States Federal prison in Pennsylvania which holds male and female inmates prior to or during court proceedings as well as inmates serving brief sentences. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 Torp Köpcentrum is a shopping mall located next to the highway (E6) about seven miles northwest of Uddevalla. Torp has currently around 69 shops 700 employees and 3700 free parking spaces.Torp shopping mall owned by Steen & Strøm Sweden AB.
 The James Semple House is a historic home within what is now known as Colonial Williamsburg in Williamsburg Virginia. Its design is attributed to Thomas Jefferson and it was built in 1770.Future U.S. president John Tyler a relative of the Semples resided here while attending school.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 Ellicott's Mills Historic District is a national historic district at Oella Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is on the east bank of the Patapsco River opposite Ellicott City. It relates to the industrial operations of the Ellicott family from the 1770s through the mid-19th century.
 The Fullerton Dam is a ruined dam located 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Olustee Oklahoma. Farmer William J. Fullerton built the dam in the mid-1890s to irrigate his vegetable crops. As western Oklahoma was a dry region farmers depended on a regular water supply to produce crops making Fullerton's dam an important innovation.
 The Clarke Historical Museum (formerly the Clarke Memorial Museum) in Eureka California contains the area's premier collection of far California North Coast regional and cultural history with significant focus on the 19th Century Victorian era.
 The Maidens Hotel Delhi also Oberoi Maidens Hotel and originally Maiden's Metropolitan Hotel is a heritage hotel in the Civil Lines section of Delhi India. Opened in 1903 it was one of the earliest modern hotels in Delhi and situated in the Civil Lines where all European style hotels were situated and the officers of British Raj stayed.
 Edificio de Las Cariátides (English: Caryatid Building) is a building in the Spanish capital of Madrid built by Spanish architect Antonio Palacios. The building was later the head office of the Banco Central then of the Banco Santander Central Hispano. As of 2006 it is the headquarters of the Instituto Cervantes.
 The Discovery Center of Taipei (Chinese: 台北探索館; pinyin: Táiběi Tànsuǒguǎn) is an educational center in Xinyi District Taipei Taiwan. The center is located at Taipei City Hall.
 The National Gallery of Art and its Sculpture Garden are a national art museum in Washington D.C. located on the National Mall between 3rd and 9th Streets at Constitution Avenue NW. Open to the public and free of charge the museum was privately established in 1937 for the people of the United States of America by a joint resolution of the United States Congress. Andrew W. Mellon donated a substantial art collection and funds for construction.
 Tibbits Opera House is the second oldest theatre in Michigan having been built in 1882. Rich in history and ambiance even today the theatre offers theatre-goers nearly perfect acoustics an intimate 499-seat setting and a fine array of performances throughout the year. Barton S. Tibbits originally built the opera house with wisdom and vision. The aim was high art timeless architecture excellent acoustics splendid furnishing and the finest of entertainment.
 Blaenavon Hospital located in Blaenavon is a small community hospital of 9 beds which provides intermediate care for both female and male patients from a local population of approximately 6500 individuals.There is a Minor Injuries Unit and numerous community clinics are held on the upper floor of the building.
 Sōfuku-ji (崇福寺) is a Buddhist temple located in Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. The temple has strong ties to both Saitō Dōsan and Oda Nobunaga. Gifu's Sōfuku-ji is famed throughout Japan for both the number of monks it produces and for its Blood Ceiling. Shortly after its founding it was also known as Kōsai-ji (弘済寺) but that name is no longer used. It is also one of the Mino Thirty-three Kannon.
 Peter Houseman House is a historic home located at Westerleigh Staten Island New York. It consists of two section one built about 1730 and the second about 1760. The older section is a 1 1⁄2-story stone wing built of fieldstone painted white. The newer section is a 1 1⁄2-story large frame section with a gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Arua Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Arua Hospital is a hospital in the town of Arua in northern Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Adjumani Arua Koboko Maracha Moyo Nebbi Yumbe and Zombo. The hospital also receives referrals from neighboring parts of Southern Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 The Pickering Operations Complex is a 177 m (581 ft) skyscraper at 20 Pickering Street in Raffles Place in the central business district of Singapore. The tower is situated adjacent to OCBC Centre and One George Street.
 The Hanabila Mosque or Darwish Pasha Mosque (Arabic: جامع الحنابلة‎; also called Muzaffari Mosque) is an early Ayyubid-era mosque in Damascus Syria. It is located in the al-Salihiyah quarter of Damascus on a side street off Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi Lane outside the fortifications of the old city.
 The Vermont State House located in Montpelier is the state capitol of Vermont United States and the seat of the Vermont General Assembly. The current Greek Revival structure is the third building on the same site to be used as the State House. Designed by Thomas Silloway in 1857–1858 it was occupied in 1859.A careful restoration of the Vermont State House began in the early 1980s led by curator David Schütz and the Friends of the Vermont State House a citizens' advisory committee.
 The Immaculate Conception Church is an Italian Renaissance Revival church located at 500 E. Blaine Street in Iron Mountain Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It is also known as Mary Immaculate of Lourdes Church.
 Fort Armstrong Hotel is a historic building located in downtown Rock Island Illinois United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The hotel was named for Fort Armstrong a fortification that sat in the middle of the Mississippi River near the present location of the Rock Island Arsenal. The building now serves as an apartment building.
 Mount Hope Plantation House is located in Baton Rouge Louisiana. It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 3 1980.
 The RMIT Design Hub houses research archive exhibition and studio space of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Melbourne AustraliaCompleted in May 2012 the Design Hub was designed by Sean Godsell Architects in association with Peddle Thorp Architects. It is an icon of design innovation[citation needed] heralding a new era of integrating technology with design. The Design Hub is located on the historic Carlton & United Breweries site.
 The Catholic Church (Romanian: Biserica Catolică; Hungarian: Katolikus templom) is a church in Zalău Romania.In 1241 the Roman Catholic Church dedicated to the Holy Cross was demolished during the Mongol invasion of Europe which was rebuilt in 1246 by Transylvanian bishopric. In 1527 reformation reached Zilah (Zalău) and the Catholic Church lost its property in 1542.The Protestant domination lasted for 123 years during which period the Catholic faith stopped to exist in the city.
 Cossham Memorial Hospital is a community hospital founded in 1907 in Hillfields Bristol near Kingswood South Gloucestershire.The services provided by North Bristol NHS Trust at Cossham include outpatients and physiotherapy.
 U.S. Post Office is a historic post office building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1928 and 1930 and designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under Acting Supervising Architect James A. Wetmore. It is a two-story fifteen bay wide building with a high basement and attic and slate covered mansard roof. It is faced in Indiana limestone and features a balsutrade and parapet at the roofline. It has a one-story rear wing.
 Muhudu maha vihara is a Buddhist temple situated at Pottuvil in Eastern province of Sri Lanka. This temple is situated near a wide beach. In this temple there have a stone made statue of lord Buddha and two statues of old kings or gods. In today also there is a Buddhist temple. This temple is built in Anuradapura era by king Kaavantissa. As folklore princess Vihara Maha Devi had come to hear.
 The Saint John the Baptist or John's Church is a parish church in the diocese of Agra of Church of North India and is located Meerut India. The church building was built from 1819 to 1821 and is the oldest Church in North India. Near to this church lies St. John's Church cemetery. The grounds contain trees and greenery.The parish motto Unity Witness and Service found at the entrance serves to remind parishioners and guests alike of the purpose of this church.
 Laing House of Plainfield Plantation is a historic home in Edison Middlesex County New Jersey United States built in the early 1700s when the region was being settled by Scottish Quakers in the late 17th and early 18th century as recalled in the name of The Plainfields and Scotch Plains. The region was part of the colonial era Elizabethtown Tract and later part of Piscataway Township.
 Veniero's Pasticceria & Caffé is an Italian bakery that was established in 1894 and is located at 342 East 11th Street (between First Avenue and Second Avenue) in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.Founded by Antonio Veniero of Sorrento the bakery was opened as a pool emporium and caffé where Veniero served his baked products to customers. The demand for his pastries and cakes won him awards in Rome Bologna and the New York World's Fair.
 The Charnwood Residential Historic District is a 59.5-acre (24.1 ha) historic district in Tyler Texas that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It includes works dating from 1870. It includes works designed by Barber & Klutz Hubbell & Greene and other architects in Tudor Revival Colonial Revival and other styles.The NRHP listing included 166 contributing buildings and 62 contributing structures.
 Felipe de Neve Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in Lafayette Park in Westlake Los Angeles California. It was built in 1929 based on a Mediterranean Revival-Classical Revival design by architect Austin Whittlesey. The branch was named after Felipe de Neve the Spanish governor of California who oversaw the founding of Los Angeles.
 YIVO (Yiddish: ייִוואָ) established in 1925 in Wilno Poland (now Vilnius Lithuania) as the Yidisher Visnshaftlekher Institut (Yiddish: ייִדישער װיסנשאַפֿטלעכער אינסטיטוט Yiddish Scientific Institute) is an organization that preserves studies and teaches the cultural history of Jewish life throughout Eastern Europe Germany and Russia as well as orthography lexicography and other studies related to the Yiddish language.
 SM City Bacoor is a shopping mall in Brgy. Habay in the City of Bacoor Cavite in the Philippines. It is developed and owned by SM Prime Holdings the largest shopping mall and retail operator in the country. The mall is the very first SM Supermall in the entire Luzon region outside of Metro Manila and the very first in province of Cavite.
 The Safed Baradari (Hindi: सफ़ेद बारादरी Urdu: سفید بارادری‎) (literally 'white palace') is a white marbled building in Lucknow Uttar Pradesh India.
 The Church of Our Savior (Danish Vor Freslers Kirke) is a wooden Lutheran church in Qaqortoq the largest town in southern Greenland. It was established in 1832. The red church is part of the old colonial harbour district of the town.
 David Mirvish Gallery was a contemporary commercial art gallery run by David Mirvish from 1963 to 1978 within the Markham Street art community on Mirvish Village in Toronto Ontario Canada. Artists at the gallery are best known for Color Field and Post-painterly Abstraction works. Mirvish assembled the Mirvish Collection consisting of mostly contemporary artwork including artists he represented lending it out to museums around the United States and Europe after the gallery's closure.
 The Château de Châteaubriant is a medieval castle strongly modified during the Renaissance located in the commune of Châteaubriant in the Loire-Atlantique département of France. The original castle was founded in the 11th century on the eastern border of Brittany and such as the fortresses in Vitré Fougères Ancenis and Clisson it was defending the duchy against Anjou and the Kingdom of France.
 The Hastings-Morse House is a historic First Period house at 595 E. Broadway in Haverhill Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the 2.5 story wood frame house its central chimney and right side rooms were probably built c. 1706 by a man named Hastings. Left side rooms and a partial leanto section on the back of the house were added during the 18th century. The house underwent a major restoration in the late 1957 which included raising the roof on the leanto section.
 The Strelitz Buildings located at 30 Mouat Street Fremantle were built in 1897 for Paul and Richard Strelitz. In October 1994 the buildings were permanently listed on the Western Australian State Heritage Register.
 The George Baker House is a historic residence in unincorporated Milton Township near Glen Ellyn Illinois. The Greek Revival house features a limestone exterior on a stone foundation and an asphalt roof. It was constructed for and designed by George Baker in 1847. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Chambersburg Mall is a regional shopping mall located near Chambersburg Pennsylvania in the unincorporated community of Scotland. Located proximate to exit 20 off Interstate 81 the mall has 56 stores and a capacity of 64 as of December 2008.
 The Arch Street Friends Meeting House at 320 Arch Street at the corner of 4th Street in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania is a Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers). Built to reflect Friends’ testimonies of simplicity and equality this building is little changed after more than two centuries of continuous use.Pennsylvania founder and Quaker William Penn deeded land to the Society of Friends in 1701 to be used as a burial ground.
 The Nanhai Academy (Chinese: 南海學園; pinyin: Nánhǎi Xuéyuán) is a collection of cultural and educational facilities located on Nanhai Road in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei Taiwan. After the Republic of China Government relocated to Taiwan following the Chinese Civil War Chiang Kai-shek ordered its construction. The Ministry of Education and Chang Chi-yun planned the construction of five major social institutions located around the Taipei Botanical Garden.
 Whitchurch Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Whitchurch an area in the north of Cardiff. As well as general psychiatry services include elderly psychiatry neuropsychiatry forensic psychiatry rehabilitation and addiction services. It is part of the Cardiff and Vale University Health Board.
 Cottrill Opera House known since 1915 as Sutton's Opera House or Sutton Theater is a historic vaudeville and movie theater building in Thomas Tucker County West Virginia. It was built in 1902 and is a rectangular brick building with a high front that appears to be four stories tall. The interior is dominated by a large auditorium with balcony seating. The building is being restored for use as a live performance theater.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Dom-ino House is an open floor plan structure designed by noted architect Le Corbusier in 1914–1915. It is a design idea to manufacture in series that combines the order he discovered in classical architecture.
 W New York Downtown Hotel and Residences is a 630-foot-tall building (190 m) at 123 Washington Street in Lower Manhattan New York City. The 57-story building which was completed in 2010 is divided between a 217-room hotel on floors 1-32 and 223 luxury residential condominiums on floors 33-56.
 Bagley-Bliss House is an historic house in Durham Maine.The house was built in 1850 and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.
 The Crystals also known as Crystals at CityCenter and Crystals Retail District is CityCenter's 500000 sq ft (46000 m2) shopping mall and entertainment district that features fashionable clubs gourmet restaurants retailers galleries incidental offices and support areas. Located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise Nevada the neighborhood of retail shops dining and entertainment venues forms the core of the CityCenter complex.
 Woodbine Historic District in Woodbine Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1999.
 The Masur Museum of Art in Monroe Louisiana in the United States is the largest visual arts museum in northeast Louisiana. It is located in the former home of the Masur family the Masur House also known as the Slagle-Masur House which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building constructed in modified Tudor style in 1914 was listed on the National Register in 1982 for its architecture.
 The Purdue Memorial Union (PMU) is a student union building located on the Purdue University campus in West Lafayette Indiana USA. It opened in 1924 as a memorial to the Purdue students who had fought in World War I. The building includes several restaurants lounges and student organization offices as well as a bowling alley and a hotel.
 Henwood Priory was a medieval monastic house in Warwickshire England.
 Guru Tegh Bahadur Hospital (or GTBH or GTB Hospital) is a 1500-bed hospital situated in the National Capital Region of Delhi India and is affiliated to and acts as the teaching hospital of University College of Medical Sciences. GTBH was established in 1979 (fully functional in 1987) with 350-bed capacity which has now been expanded to 1500-bed capacity.
 Copp's Hill Burying Ground is a historic cemetery in Boston. It was originally named North Burying Ground.
 The House at 203 Islington Road is a historic house at 203 Islington Road in Newton Massachusetts.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It was historically referenced as the gatehouse of the Islington Estate developed by Ezra Winslow.It was briefly featured in episode 1 of the 31st season of the PBS television series This Old House (2009).
 Gullstein Church (Norwegian: Gullstein kirke) is a parish church in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Gullstein on the western coast of the island of Tustna. The church is part of the Tustna parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1864 by the architect Christian Christie. The church seats about 300 people.
 Restaurant De Graaf was a restaurant located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1990-1991.Owner and head chef was Harry de Graaf.The restaurant was closed down due to a subsiding kitchen. Renovation proved to be too costly so closure was the only reasonable choice.
 Howard Johnson Hotel Bucharest is a 70 metres (230 ft) high five star hotel in Bucharest. The building has 18 floors and 285 luxury rooms.There are also 3 underground floors that serve as a parking space for around 200 cars.
 The Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts at Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts is the only building actually built by Le Corbusier in the United States and one of only two in the Americas (the other is the Curutchet House in La Plata Argentina).
 The East Melbourne Hebrew Congregation (Hebrew: קק מקוה ישראל) also known as East Melbourne Shule East Melbourne Synagogue Melbourne City Synagogue or City of Melbourne Synagogue is a historically significant Jewish congregation in East Melbourne Victoria Australia. The synagogue consecrated in 1877 is the oldest in Melbourne.
 Elm Park and Isaac Sprague Memorial Tower is a historic site at 305 Washington Street in Wellesley Massachusetts.The tower was built in 1928 and added to the National Historic Register in 2007.
 Schlicher Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at North Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It is a 108-foot-long (33 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1882. It has vertical plank siding and a gable roof. It crosses Jordan Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The bridge was closed to traffic in 2009 and is scheduled to be replaced with a modern replica in 2013.
 The Yavuz Selim Mosque also known as the Selim I Mosque and the Yavuz Sultan Selim Mosque (Turkish: Yavuz Selim Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located top of the 5th Hill of Istanbul Turkey overlooking the Golden Horn. Its size and geographic position make it a familiar landmark on the Istanbul skyline.
 Conjurer's Neck Archeological District is a set of two historic archaeological sites and national historic district located at Colonial Heights Virginia. The district includes the previously listed Conjurer's Field Archeological Site prehistoric village site (44CF20) and the site of a Colonial-period plantation house known as the Kennon House or Old Brick House (44CF646). The original house was built between 1725 and 1750 and rebuilt in 1879 after a fire.
 St. Monica's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Jamaica Queens New York. It was built in 1856 and is a brick basilica type building in the Romanesque style. It features a four story entrance tower in the center of its three bay wide front facade. Saint Monica's Church has been refurbished on the Campus of York College as a child care center.It was listed by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1979 and on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Mid North Coast Correctional Centre an Australian minimum to medium security prison for males and females is located in Aldavilla West Kempsey New South Wales Australia 455 kilometres (283 mi) north of Sydney. The facility is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The Centre accepts sentenced and unsentenced felons under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation.
 First Presbyterian Church of Natchez is a historic church at 117 S. Pearl Street in Natchez Mississippi. It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register in 1978. It also became a contributing property to the Natchez On-Top-of-the-Hill Historic District in 1979.
 The Towers also known as the Tower entrance to the Narragansett Casino is a historic structure located at 35 Ocean Road in Narragansett Rhode Island. It is the only remnant of the Narragansett Pier Casino built in the 1880s. On November 25 1969 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Worksop Priory (formally The Priory Church of Saint Mary and Saint Cuthbert Worksop) is a Church of England parish church and former priory in the town of Worksop Nottinghamshire part of the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham and under the Episcopal Care of the Bishop Of Beverley.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 Nasrullah Mosque is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque in Kastamonu Turkey.
 The Bucium Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Bucium) dedicated to The Sunday of all Aton Saints is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located on Bucium Hill neighborhood in Iaşi Romania.
 The Neutral Buoyancy Simulator offered an environment similar to the zero-gravity of space by floating people and test hardware in a large pool of water. Engineers and astronauts developed hardware and practiced procedures in this tank from its completion in 1968 through its decommissioning in 1997. George C. Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) recognized the need for underwater simulations of extra-vehicular activities (EVAs) and developed three successively larger tanks for the purpose.
 Bhit Shah Museum is a museum in Bhit Shah Sindh which depicts various aspects of Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai's poetry.
 The BRAND'S Health Museum (Chinese: 白蘭氏健康博物館; pinyin: Báilánshì Jiànkāng Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Changhua Coastal Industrial Park Lukang Changhua County Taiwan.
 State Tower is a skyscraper located on Silom Road Bang Rak business district Bangkok Thailand adjacent to Charoen Krung Road. Built in 2001 it is the largest building in Southeast Asia with 300000 m2 (3200000 sq ft) floor area. State Tower has 68 floors and is 247 m (810 ft) tall making it the third tallest building in Thailand as in 2011 and 139th in the world.
 Chazhikattu Hospital Thodupuzha - is a multi-speciality hospital in Thodupuzha Idukki district in Kerala India. It was established in 1933 under the Chazhikattu Hospital Trust. This hospital is known for critical accident care and orthopedic surgical treatments.
 The Grand Theater is part of a complex of historic buildings in Salem Oregon United States that was originally owned by the fraternal organization Independent Order of Odd Fellows and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) as the Chemeketa Lodge No. 1 Odd Fellows Buildings. The theater building is also known as the I.O.O.F. Temple.The Grand Theater was built as an opera house by the Oddfellows in 1900. John Philip Sousa performed at the grand opening on November 29 1900.
 The Hilda Erickson House located at 247 W. Main St. in Grantsville Utah is a historic house that was built in 1915 for Hilda Erickson an exceptionally long-lived woman among original pioneers in Utah. The house was built by her son Perry Erickson and it has also been known as the Perry & Mary Erickson House and as the John & Hilda Erickson House. It is historically significant for association with Hilda Anderson Erickson who lived in the house till past age 100.
 The Salisbury Mall was a one-level 600000-square-foot (56000 m2) regional mall located on Civic and Glen Avenues in Salisbury Maryland. The Salisbury Mall was the first enclosed climate-controlled shopping mall on the Delmarva Peninsula. In the October 16 1968 edition of the Daily Times in Salisbury it was reported that the overall cost of the mall had exceeded $7 million and the parking lot could accommodate 3300 vehicles.
 Stuckey House is a historic home located near Jones Springs Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in the 1820s and is a two-story three-bay central block of cut limestone with a 1 1/2-story rubble limestone three-bay wing. The house dates to the Federal period and has a steeply sloped gable roof. Also on the property is a limestone springhouse log smoke house and necessary.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Kent House also known as Sydney Kent House or St. James Convent is a Queen Anne style house located at 2944 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago Illinois United States. The house was built in 1883 by Burnham & Root for Sidney A. Kent.
 Eastgate Square is an indoor shopping mall in Stoney Creek Hamilton Ontario Canada. The Mall is bounded by Queenston Road (South) Centennial Parkway (East) Delawana Drive (North) and Kenora Avenue (West).The Mall is managed by Redcliff Realty Management Inc. and offers over 100 stores and services including Sears Fortinos HomeSense and Shoppers Drug Mart.
 The Old Masonic Hall also known as Benicia Masonic Hall is a historic building in Benicia California.. Constructed by Benecia Lodge No. 5 in 1850 it was the first purpose build Masonic Hall in California. The first floor was used as the Solano County court room and offices the second floor held rooms for the Lodge. The Masons occupied the building until 1887 when the Lodge outgrew the premises.
 Opal's Steak House is a historic building in Hot Springs Arkansas. Opal's Steak House was constructed between 1946 and 1948 to serve tourists visiting the thermal springs in Hot Springs; its location on Park Avenue served travelers on nearby U.S. Route 70 the main highway between Little Rock and Hot Springs. The building was constructed in the Art Moderne style which is visible in its curved stucco facade and horizontal features.
 The McLean County Courthouse in Washburn North Dakota was built in 1908. It is a two-and-a-half story brick building with a central tower above the front entrance. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included two contributing buildingsIt was designed by the Hancock Brothers architectural firm from Fargo North Dakota.
 The Taiwan Mochi Museum (Chinese: 台灣麻糬主題館; pinyin: Táiwān Máshu Zhǔtíguǎn) is amuseum about mochi (rice cake) in Nantou City Nantou County Taiwan. The museum is at a factory and includes tours.
 The W.W. Kimball House is a historic house at 13 Winter Street in Arlington Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1847 and 1865 and is one of two houses (the other is the House at 5-7 Winter Street) built by John Squire. Squire probably never lived in the house but sold it in 1865 to William and Nancy Kimball who apparently rented it out. The house has well-preserved Greek Revival detailing including a colonnaded porch that wraps around on two sides.
 Bristol County Superior Court is a historic courthouse at 441 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts.The courthouse was built in 1889 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Ponakin Bridge is a historic Post truss bridge in Lancaster Massachusetts. The bridge was built in 1871 and originally carried the main north-south road (now Ponakin Road) which was bypassed by the construction of Massachusetts Route 70. It is now unsafe and closed even to pedestrians.The bridge trusses consist of eight paneled sections with a total span of 100 feet (30 m) and a width of 20 feet (6.1 m). It rests on granite stone abutments.
 The Railroad Cottage Historic District in Las Vegas Nevada was constructed by the San Pedro Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad to provide housing for the railroad's workers.
 The Rhodes Cabin was built in 1928 to accommodate tourists visiting what was then Lehman Caves National Monument now Great Basin National Park. The cabin was one of several built by local contractor Charles Davis near the entrance to Lehman Caves for concessioners Clarence and Bea Rhodes.
 Umberslade Baptist Church is a redundant Baptist church situated to the southwest of the village of Hockley Heath Solihull West Midlands England (grid reference SP147721). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Portiuncula Hospital is a public hospital located in Ballinasloe County Galway Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides in-patient and out-patient orthopaedic services for the population of East Galway Roscommon the Midlands and the Mid-West. In 2008 the hospital served 39462 out-patients and 11387 in-patients with an average stay of 4.4 nights. In 2008 65.0% of all admissions were via the emergency department.
 John Todd House is a historic home located at East Hanover Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1772 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay fieldstone building in the Georgian style. A stone addition was built in 1954. Also on the property are a contributing summer house (1832) and hand-dug well.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Waldo Theatre is a historic building in Waldoboro Maine. Designed by Benjamin Schlanger it opened in 1937.
 The Jasper County Courthouse in Newton Iowa is a building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Windsor Harbor Road Bridge is a historic bridge in Kimmswick Missouri built in 1874 by the Keystone Bridge Company.
 The Shoeless Joe Jackson Museum and Library was first opened to the public on June 21 2008. Located across from Fluor Field in Greenville South Carolina the brick house in which Shoeless Joe Jackson lived and died in contains many of his personal belongings and over 2000 books related to baseball.
 Robinsons Place Tacloban is a shopping mall located at tabuan Tacloban City. It is the 26th operating mall of Robinsons Mall. Today it is considered as the largest mall in the Province of Leyte and the whole Eastern Visayas Region when it was opened last June 11 2009. Its area is 33500 square meters plus 5000 square meters BPO building and the Robinsons GOhotel with 100 rooms is now open.
 Smoki Museum located in Prescott Yavapai County Arizona holds collections of Native American artifacts.
 Jackson Memorial Hospital (also known as Jackson or abbreviated JMH) is a non-profit tertiary care teaching hospital and the major teaching hospital of the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine in Miami Florida.
 The Tate & Lyle Sugar Silo is a Grade II* listed building on Regent Road at Huskisson Dock in Kirkdale north Liverpool England.Henry Tate established his Liverpool refinery in 1872 and Tate & Lyle built their huge concrete sugar silo in the 1950s close to the Liverpool docks. A huge conveyor tower was constructed next to it and this was used to bring sugar up from ships in Huskisson Dock.
 Black Watch Library is a historic library building located at Ticonderoga in Essex County New York. It was built in 1905 and is a one story brick structure with a cruciform plan in the Jacobean Revival style. It features a blue / green slate gable roof with projecting rafter ends.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Epiphany Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Venice Florida United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Venice.
 Maison Novelli was a restaurant in Clerkenwell Central London located opposite the Old Session House. It was opened by chef proprietor Jean-Christophe Novelli and held a single Michelin star in the 1997 Michelin Guide. The restaurant's holding company went into liquidation in 2000 and the restaurant was sold to JJ Restaurants with Novelli remaining on the staff as a consultant and advisor. Maison Novelli was closed in 2003.
 The Webber House in Houston Texas was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is located at 1011 Heights Blvd. in Houston and was designed by Samuel H. Webber.
 St Stephen's Church Whelley is located in Balcarres Avenue Whelley Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St John New Springs. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Black River Academy is a historic academy on High Street in the village of Ludlow in Vermont.Black River Academy was chartered in Ludlow in 1835 and operated as a school serving as the Town of Ludlow's public high school until 1938 when a new school was built. The original academy building burned early in the school's history and the school operated in a church for 44 years until a new school building was built in 1888. Notable alumni of the Black River Academy include U.S.
 The Wilson-Wodrow-Mytinger House is believed to be the oldest house in Romney and the oldest public office building in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
 This article is about a museum in Jackson Hole Wyoming. For other uses see NMWA (disambiguation).The National Museum of Wildlife Art (NMWA) is a museum located in Jackson Hole Wyoming United States that preserves and exhibits wildlife art. The 51000 square foot building with its Idaho quartzite façade was inspired by the ruins of Slains Castle in Aberdeenshire Scotland and echoes the hillside behind the facility.
 The Emeline Patch House is a historic late First Period house at 918 Bay Road in Hamilton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in stages the first being the front rooms of the house along with the central chimney. Later in the 18th century the rear rooms were added and the roof was rebuilt and a small ell was added to the right side in the 19th century.
 The Lloyd Woman's Club (also known as the Lloyd Home Demonstration Club) is a historic woman's club in Lloyd Florida. It is located on Bond Street. On August 10 1998 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Sheffield Cathedral (The Cathedral Church of St Peter and St Paul Sheffield) is the cathedral church for the Church of England diocese of Sheffield England. Originally a parish church it was elevated to cathedral status when the diocese was created in 1914. Sheffield Cathedral is one of five Grade I listed buildings in the city along with Town Hall Abbeydale Industrial Hamlet and the parish churches at Ecclesfield and Bradfield.
 David and Mary Kinne Farmstead is a historic home and farm complex located at Ovid in Seneca County New York. The complex consists of a Greek Revival style farmhouse and seven historic agricultural outbuildings. By family tradition the house is believed to have been built about 1850 and is believed to have been used as a stop on the Underground Railroad.
 G. H. Sullivan Lodging House is a Colonial Revival style building located in Kingman Arizona.
 The Nautical Museum of Crete is a museum in Chania Crete Greece. Its collection includes models of ships nautical instruments painting historical photographs and war relics. The material is classified chronologically starting from the Bronze Age up to our times.The exhibits of the first floor include models of ancient ships a model of the fortified town and port under Venetian rule a model that shows shipbuilding and repair buildings with a rowing ship inside.
 The Kane Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Kane Mountain at Caroga in Fulton County New York. The station includes a 60-foot-tall (18 m) steel-frame lookout tower erected in 1925 an observer's cabin built about 1960 and foot trail. The tower and trail are contributing resources.
 Caleb Lothrop House is a historic house at 14 Summer Street in Cohasset Massachusetts.The house was built in 1823 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 For the Lutheran church in Luray Virginia see Mount Calvary Lutheran ChurchMount Calvary Lutheran Church is a Lutheran church in Beverly Hills California.
 The Julia Morgan House (also known as the Goethe House) is a Mediterranean Revival mansion located in the Elmhurst neighborhood of Sacramento California constructed by Julia Morgan the first woman licensed to practice architecture in California and formerly owned by Charles Goethe. Goethe left the home now listed on the National Register of Historic Places to Sacramento State University after his death in 1966.
 United Unitarian and Universalist Church is located in Mukwonago Wisconsin. It was built in the Victorian Gothic architecture style in 1878. On October 1 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its significance in architecture and social history.
 Cottage Farm Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Amory Dummer Lenox Brookline and Beacon Streets in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Bayezid II Mosque (Turkish: Beyazıt Camii Bayezid Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque located in the Beyazıt Square area of Istanbul Turkey near the ruins of the Forum of Theodosius of ancient Constantinople.
 Lewis Smalley Homestead also known as Lewisburg-Sycamores is a historic home located at Shirley Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1794 and is a 2 1/2-story stone building three-bays wide and measuring 30 feet by 25 feet. It has a tin-covered gable roof. Also on the property is a stone bank barn measuring 45 feet by 90 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Cotton Abbey was an abbey in Staffordshire England.
 The Coltejer building is the tallest building in Medellín Colombia and the fourth tallest in Colombia. It was completed in 1977. Coltejer is one of the most important textile companies in Colombia and the largest textile complex in Latin America. It was founded in Medellín by Alejandro Echavarría on October 22 1907.
 Long Beach Memorial Medical Center is a hospital in Long Beach California. It is the flagship hospital of the MemorialCare Health System.It was established as Seaside Hospital in 1907. Incorporated as Seaside Memorial Hospital on June 23 1937. In 1960 it moved to its present location. The hospital is accredited by the Joint Commission.Named among the top eight hospitals in the Los Angeles Metro area U.S.
 Christ's College Big School is a building of Christ's College in Christchurch New Zealand. It is registered as a Category I heritage building with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
 The Curtis Culwell Center (formerly the Garland Special Events Center) is an arena and conference center in Garland Texas United States. It opened in 2005 and was designed by HKS Inc. and constructed at a cost of $31.5 million by Lee Lewis Construction with engineering by Walter P. Moore Blum Consulting Engineers and RLK Engineers Inc. The arena has 6800 seats. It is used by the men's basketball teams of the Garland Independent School District.
 St. Mary's Church Non-Contiguous Historic District is a historic district near Hague North Dakota. The church was founded by immigrants who were Germans from Russia.The district is composed of St. Mary's Church and the original St. Mary's cemetery which is located at a separate site. It includes work from 1885 and work by Charles A. Hausler and by Defort Schneider. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 with two contributing buildings and a contributing site.
 Craven Hall is a historic building located in Warminster Township Pennsylvania at the corner of Newtown Road and East Street Road (Route 132) a five-lane arterial road which runs through the central commercial district. The house was originally built in 1780 with subsequent work in 1823 and a single story addition in the 20th century.
 The Kilauea School on Kolo Rd. in Kilauea Hawaii on Kauai is a historic school that was founded in 1882 and known as an English School. The current school complex whose main building was built in 1922 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983; the listing included three contributing buildings on 6.5 acres (2.6 ha).It was located on the edge of the former Kilauea Plantation community.
 St. Mary's Church of the Immaculate Conception Complex is an historic site at 103 Pine Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The church was built in 1830. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. in 2009 the church's school closed and students were allowed to transfer to the nearby regional school.
 King Edward Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on Leeds Street in Liverpool England. The tower was first proposed in 2007 received funding in 2008 and was altered pending approval in 2010. The estimated cost of the development is £130 million. If built the tower will become the tallest structure of any kind in Liverpool taking the title from West Tower.
 The Coal Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park Montana is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1925 the cabin has a single room with a board floor and a small cellar for a food cache. The cabin was used by rangers on patrol routes from the Nyack and Paola ranger stations.The cabin is notable for its original roof construction which consisted of peeled logs laid along the pitch of the roof culminating in a log ridgepole.
 Ridgecrest Regional Hospital is a hospital located in Ridgecrest California. which is just east of the Southern Sierra Mountains in the Indian Wells Valley. It has two specialty units including Adult and Pediatric and intensive care. The hospital began in the mid-1940s out of the need for medical care as the China Lake Weapons Station was in its infancy. It is the only regional healthcare system in the area and provides variety of services to the region.
 The Devizes County House of Corrections or Devizes Prison was a correctional facility in Devizes Wiltshire.
 The Pittsburgh & Lake Erie Railroad Station (now the Grand Concourse Restaurant in Station Square Plaza) in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1898. Into the 1960s the station was a hub station for the passenger rail operations of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Stockland Tooronga (previously known as Tooronga Village Shopping Centre) is a residential office and retail centre in the suburb of Glen Iris in the municipality of Boroondara. It formerly referred solely to a shopping centre which temporarily closed in March 2008. The mixed-use redevelopment by Stockland covers the former shopping centre site and part of the adjacent former brickworks site.
 Cape Field at Fort Glenn also known as Fort Glenn Army Airbase is a site significant for its role in World War II fighting.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at 227 N. Capitol Avenue in Lansing Michigan.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Patrick's Church is a historic church building at 1588 South Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1881 from local Fall River granite and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. St. Patrick's Parish was established in 1873 as a division of St. Mary's Parish a predominantly Irish congregation. In 2002 the church was part of a three-parish merger between St. Patrick's Blessed Sacrament and Our Lady of the Angels.
 The Ritz-Carlton Atlantic City began as a hotel on the Boardwalk in Atlantic City New Jersey built at the beginning of the Roaring Twenties and renowned for its luxurious appointments and famous guests. It was used as an apartment hotel beginning in 1969 and then purchased in 1978 intending to develop it as a hotel/casino. The building was converted to The Ritz Condominiums in 1982.
 The Lorain Correctional Institution is a state prison in Grafton Ohio United States. It is run by the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction as a reception & distribution center for the northern half of the state. It stands adjacent and to the north of Ohio's Grafton Correctional Institution.As of August 2013 Lorain was called one of the state's most overcrowded prisons.
 National Gallery Singapore (Chinese: 新加坡国家美术馆; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō guójiā meishùguǎn) is a planned art gallery to be located in the Downtown Core of Singapore. It will incorporate two national monuments the Old Supreme Court Building and City Hall and is scheduled for its official launch in 2015.
 The Alden Batchelder House is a historic house at 797 Main Street in Reading Massachusetts. Built in the early 1850s the 2.5 story wood frame house is an excellent example of an early Italianate design. Its front facade has a central gable a two story projecting bay on the right side and a porch that wraps around the side of the house. The first floor windows are elongated with deep moldings.
 Suzhou International Financial Center (Chinese: 苏州国际金融中心) is a 92-floor 452-meter skyscraper under construction in SIP Suzhou Jiangsu China. It is located in the CBD of Suzhou to the east of Jinji Lake.
 Allen's Cider Mill in Granby Connecticut was built in 1783 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. The mill is one of the few operational wooden cider mills in Connecticut predating the 19th century.
 The Polanco Lift is a passenger elevator located in Valparaíso Chile. It consists of three stations and connects Simpson Street with Polanco Hill. This lift is the only true lift in the city as all others are technically funiculars. Today it is more visited by tourists than by the local residents.
 The Green Bay and Western Railroad Depot is located in Whitehall Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Central Utah Correctional Facility is one of two prisons managed by the Utah Department of Corrections' Division of Institutional Operations. It is located in Gunnison Utah in the central part of the state. The prison was completed in 1990 and has a capacity for 1125 prisoners.Commonly referred to as CUCF this facility is composed of two main housing units: Henry and Boulder.
 Davenport City Hall is the official seat of government for the city of Davenport Iowa United States. The building was constructed in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 1993.
 The construction of the Kumanovo Prison (Macedonian: Казнено-поправна установа Куманово) in the village K'shenje near Kumanovo Macedonia is part of the activities under the project for reconstruction of the PI. It is an extremely important project which is supported with the loan from the Development Bank of the Council of Europe and the budget of Republic of Macedonia. Total cost was 234 million MKD.
 Museo Histórico y Antropológico Maurice van de Maele or (Spanish for Historical and Anthropologic Museum Maurice van de Maele) is an anthropology and history museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile. The exhibitions at the museum deals with Mapuche and Huilliche culture and the German colonization of southern Chile. The museums exhibits collections of archaeological artifacts and also tools toys jewelry textiles ceramics and photo collection.
 Beagle Hotel was a historic inn and tavern located near Valley Grove Ohio County West Virginia. It was built before 1827 and operated as the Beagle Hotel until 1893. Attached to the hotel was a general store. Both buildings were 2 1/2 stories high and covered in clapboard. The buildings have been destroyed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 District Number 7 School also known as Speedsville School is a historic one room school building located at Speedsville in Tompkins County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a one story 30 feet wide by 50 feet deep frame structure. The building was used as a school until 1956 and is now a Sunday school and community center for the adjacent St. John's Episcopal Church.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 St. John's Church Kidderminster is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Kidderminster.
 The U.S. Post Office-Green River is a Classical Revival architecture building in Green River Wyoming that was built in 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. Its 1997 listing included alternative name Trudel's Restaurante.
 The Church Building is located at the corner of Main and Market Streets in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States just across Market Street from the Dutchess County Court House and north of the Bardavon Theater. It is a complex of stores and other commercial space so named because it is owned by the Reformed Dutch Church of Poughkeepsie which has owned the land since 1717 and benefits from the rental income.
 Schloss Gutenberg is a castle in Styria Austria.Schloss Gutenberg stands on a prominent rock by the Raabklamm in Gutenberg an der Raabklamm parish.
 SM City Marikina is a shopping mall owned and managed by SM Prime Holdings and is located in Calumpang Marikina Philippines. SM Supermalls is owned by Henry Sy Sr.. SM City Marikina is the first shopping mall that has a wi-fi connection.
 Kenchō-ji (建長寺) is a Rinzai Zen temple in Kamakura Kanagawa Prefecture Japan which ranks first among Kamakura's so-called Five Great Zen Temples (the Kamakura Gozan) and is the oldest Zen training monastery in Japan. These temples were at the top of the Five Mountain System a network of Zen temples started by the Hōjō Regents.
 Tower 42 is the second-tallest skyscraper in the City of London and the seventh tallest in Greater London. Its original name was the National Westminster Tower having been built to house the National Westminster Bank's international division. Seen from above the tower closely resembles the NatWest logo (three chevrons in a hexagonal arrangement).The tower designed by Richard Seifert and engineered by Pell Frischmann is located at 25 Old Broad Street.
 The Orion is a skyscraper located at 350 West 42nd Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues in the Hell's Kitchen or Clinton neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The building rises 604 feet (184 m) above street level containing 58 floors of residential units.
 Dr. Balabhai Nanavati Hospital is a hospital in Vile Parle Mumbai which was inaugurated by Jawaharlal Nehru in November 1950 and opened in May 1951.
 The Tarquinia National Museum (Italian: Museo Archeologico Nazionale Tarquiniense) is an archaeological museum dedicated to the Etruscan civilization in Tarquinia Italy. Its collection consists primarily of the artifacts which were excavated from the Necropolis of Monterozzi to the east of the city. It is housed in the Palazzo Vitelleschi.
 The Astoria Victory Monument also known as the Doughboy Monument or Soldiers' Monument is a monument located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The concrete Spanish Revival monument designed by Charles T. Diamond was constructed in 1926. John Paulding was the engineer. The structure was recognized individually by the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and as part of the Uniontown-Alameda Historic District in 1988.
 Ocean Walk Shoppes is an open air shopping mall located in Daytona Beach Florida.
 The Rest Haven Cemetery in Franklin Tennessee is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) cemetery that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012. It is significant in the history of Franklin. The cemetery was formally founded in 1855 but has some earlier burials as early as 1841. It has 475 documented graves including those of 66 Confederate Civil War soldiers.It is across North Margin Street from Franklin City Cemetery also NRHP-listed in 2012.
 The Hawley-Green Historical District is in the Near Northeast neighborhood of Syracuse New York. The name comes from the district's two principal streets Hawley Avenue and Green Street. As Hawley-Green Street Historic District the district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Etisalat Tower 2 is a 33-floor tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 185 m (607 ft). Construction of the Etisalat Tower 2 was completed in 2007. The most notable aspect of the tower is that it has a spherical structure at the top similar to a golf ball. The cladding of the tower follows the Etisalat guidelines in that it uses the same materials as most of the company's buildings.
 Berger Factory is a historic factory building at 37 Williams Street in Boston Massachusetts.The site was built by George Moffette & Henry J. Preston in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Federal Detention Center SeaTac (FDC SeaTac) is a prison operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. It is located in SeaTac Washington near the Seattle–Tacoma International Airport 12 miles (19 km) south of downtown Seattle and 16 miles (26 km) north of Tacoma 1 mile (2 km) west of the 200th Street exit at the Interstate 5. The administrative facility employed 200 staff as of 2002 and housed 821 male and female inmates as of July 29 2010.
 Kulturväven is a cultural center in Umeå located next to Ume River. Kulturväven will open in autumn 2014 the year that Umeå is one of the two European Capital of Culture.. Culture fabric will include several cultural institutions that have been moved from other parts of town as well as some new cultural initiatives. Building costs the collaborations that have formed and the relocation of the town library to the new building has caused debate in Umeå.
 The Ice Tower was a supertall skyscraper project in Panama City in Panama. The planned tower height was 381 meters (1250 feet) and 104 floors increased from the original proposal of 80 floors due to the Palacio de la Bahía which was due to be erected in the same city and which was also canceled.In March 2007 excavations began for the construction of the foundation of the building. However three months later in June 2007 project was canceled.
 Denmark High School located in Denmark South Carolina is significant as an example of Classical Revival educational architecture. The school built in 1920 enlarged in 1932 and again in 1948 served the educational needs of the town from 1920-1985. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 29 2001.
 Lewis Mill Complex is a historic grist mill complex located at Jefferson Frederick County Maryland. The complex consists of seven standing structures a house foundation and the remains of an earlier millrace. It centers on an early-19th century three-story brick mill structure with a gabled roof. It was rehabilitated in 1979-1980 for use as a pottery shop.
 The Illinois Natural History Survey (abbreviated as INHS) located on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in Champaign Illinois is an active research institution with over 200 staff members and it maintains one of the largest State-operated museums in the United States with collections totaling over 6 million specimens of amphibians annelids birds crustaceans fish fungi insects mammals mollusks plants and reptiles from around the world.
 Lee's Chapel Church and Masonic Hall in Cushman Arkansas was built in 1946. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.It was constructed jointly and shared by Lee's Chapel Methodist Church and Montgomery Lodge No. 360. The lodge subsequently moved to Cave City.
 The Pentominium is a 122-storey 516 m (1693 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction on the tower was halted since August 2011. It was designed by Andrew Bromberg of architects Aedas and funded by Trident International Holdings. The AED 1.46 billion (US$400 million) construction contract was awarded to Arabian Construction Company (ACC).
 Agudath Israel Etz Ahayem (Congregation of Israel Tree of Life) is a Conservative Jewish congregation located at 3525 Cloverdale Road in Montgomery Alabama.Agudath Israel was established as an Orthodox synagogue in 1902 by Yiddish speaking Ashkenazi Jews recent Eastern European immigrants who rejected the Reform practices of Montgomery's established Congregation Kahl Montgomery/Temple Beth Or.
 Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church is located in Sioux City Iowa United States. Designed by noted architect William L. Steele the church building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1998.
 The United States Post Office–Wakefield Main is a historic post office building at 321 Main Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. The single story Neoclassical building was built of brick and cast stone in 1936 and continues to serve as Wakefield's main post office. It was designed to harmonize with the adjacent public library building which was built in a similar style.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and included in the Common District in 1990.
 The Puʻuʻōpae Bridge (also known as Kalama Stream Bridge and Kapaʻa Homesteads Bridge #2) is a one-lane single-span concrete-encased steel bridge across Kalama Stream located along Puʻuʻōpae Road between Kalama and Kīpapa Roads in the Wailua Homesteads area near Kapaʻa in Kauaʻi Hawaiʻi United States. Originally built in 1915 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.The design of the bridge is of little significance.
 The Bank of Commerce Building is an office tower in downtown Windsor Ontario. It is the home to the International Joint Commission and was the former home of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce regional headquarters. The CIBC sign at the top NW corner has since been removed but CIBC still maintains its offices on the first floor.The building stands at 15 storeys tall.
 Union Square is a neighborhood located in the Southern District of Baltimore. It dates to the 1830s and includes a historic district of houses and commerce buildings.
 The Fairview-Columbia Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Fairview in the U.S. state of Oregon. It serves residents of Fairview Troutdale Corbett and elsewhere in the eastern part of the county. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The Museum of Fine Arts Berne established in 1879 is the oldest art museum in Switzerland with a permanent collection. Its holdings run from the Middle Ages to contemporary art.It houses works by Paul Klee Pablo Picasso Ferdinand Hodler Meret Oppenheim or Ricco Wassmer. The collection consists of over 3000 paintings and sculptures as well as 48000 drawings prints photographs videos and films.
 North Grosvenordale is a village and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Thompson in Windham County Connecticut United States. The population was 1424 at the 2000 census. The core of the village is listed as the North Grosvenordale Mill Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places. The historic area was listed in 1993 and is located on Riverside Drive (Route 12) Buckley Hill Road Floral Avenue Market Lane and Marshall Central River and Holmes Streets.
 The Beverly Toon House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Riverside. It dates from c.1857.A 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources assessed that this house was one of the best two-story vernacular I-House examples in the county.
 Häringe slott is a castle in Sweden.
 The Liverpool Olympia is situated next to The Grafton Ballroom on West Derby Road Liverpool England.
 Boswell Historic District is a national historic district located at Boswell in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes 90 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site. It encompasses an area developed by the Merchant's Mining Company of Baltimore Maryland starting in 1901. It includes the remaining extant mine resources and the archaeological remains of the mine.
 New Hope High School is a historic public school building located at New Hope Augusta County Virginia. It was built in 1925 and is a brick building consisting of an auditorium/gymnasium as the core of the building with rectangular flat roofed blocks on either side. The central auditorium/gymnasium has a tall hipped roof. It has Art Deco style stepped facades on the front and sides embellished with diamond shaped concrete blocks along the cornice. A three room north wing was added in 1942.
 The Red Road Flats comprise is a now-partially demolished mid-twentieth-century high-rise housing complex located between the districts of Balornock and Barmulloch in the north east of the city of Glasgow Scotland. The estate originally consisted of eight multi-storey blocks of steel frame construction. Two are slabs much wider in cross-section than they are deep. Six are points — more of a traditional tower block shape.
 Market Tower is a skyscraper located at the corner of Illinois and Market streets in Indianapolis Indiana. The tower was completed in 1988 and it has 32 floors making it the fourth-tallest building in the city. It is unknown whether the 8 spires at the top of the tower are included in the building height which is 421 feet (128 m). Market Tower is the tallest concrete reinforced tower in the state of Indiana. It is primarily used for office space.
 Windsor and Royal Borough Museum is a museum of the history of the town of Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. It is accommodated within Windsor Guildhall a Grade 1 listed building.
 Elliottville Lower Mill or Peep Toad Mill is an historic mill in the East Killingly section of Killingly Connecticut.The mill was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Juma-Jami Mosque (Ukrainian: Мечеть Джума-Джамі Crimean Tatar: Cuma Cami Russian: Мечеть Джума-Джами) also known as the Friday Mosque is located in Yevpatoria Ukraine. Built between 1552 and 1564 and designed by the famous Turkish architect Mimar Sinan.
 The Nanjing Great Hall of the People (Chinese: 南京人民大会堂; pinyin: Nánjing rénmín dàhuìtáng) which serves as National Theatre of Drama and Music and Art Gallery was built in 1936 and is located at No. 264 Changjiang Road Xuanwu District Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. The gross floor area being 5100 square metres the hall was built up of reinforced concrete with 4 storeys facing south. Its original name was the National Great Hall and the hall was renamed in 1949.
 The Artisan is a Las Vegas non-gaming hotel boutique and ultra-lounge. Its 64 rooms are covered from floor to ceiling with eclectic art and reproductions of world famous paintings.
 The Vonda Rink is a designated municipal historic property in Vonda Saskatchewan Canada. The rink is a former aircraft hangar that was purchased by the town from the Government of Canada at the end of the second World War and in 1947 disassembled moved and reassembled in its current location. The hangar was originally built for the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan based in Davidson Saskatchewan and used by the No. 23 Elementary Flight Training School.
 Taki-no Castle (滝の城 Taki-no-jō)  literally means waterfall castle is a flatland-hilltop Japanese castle ruin located in Tokorozawa Saitama Prefecture. It was on a key route between the northern Kanto Plain and Hachioji. The most recent structure was built in the 15th century by Ōishi Sadahisa and existed during the 16th century Sengoku Period of Japanese history.
 Kongsdal (previously Tygestrup) is an old farmhouse in Holbæk Municipality of Region Zealand Denmark. It was first mentioned in 1180. In that year the bishop of Absalon gave it to the Sorø Abbey. The estate is located approximately 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) southwest of Holbaek in Undløse parish.
 Villines Mill also known as Boxley Mill or Whiteley Mill was originally built circa 1840 by Abner Casey in the Buffalo River valley in what is now Buffalo National River. After becoming known as Whiteley Mill the mill was at the center of a Civil War skirmish known as the Battle of Whiteley's Mill. The mill was rebuilt in 1870 and replaced with a larger mill becoming known as Villines Mill after the new owner. After three generations of Villines the mill closed in the 1960s.
 St Cuthbert's Church Redmarshall is a church in the village of Redmarshall County Durham England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Stockton the archdeaconry of Auckland and the diocese of Durham. Its benefice is united with those of five nearby parishes. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The James Webb House is a property in Triune Tennessee that dates from c.1850 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988. It has also been known as Kirkview Farm.It includes Greek Revival and Italianate architecture.
 Portland Fire Station No. 7 located in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1927 it was added to the register in 1989. It was the last of numerous Portland firehouses to be designed by fire chief and architect Lee Gray Holden who died of a stroke while visiting the No. 7 firehouse in 1943.
 Business Route M-21–Plaster Creek Bridge is a bridge in Wyoming Kent County Michigan. It carried tracks for an interurban tram line from 1916 to 1919 but since then has carried only vehicular traffic. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It crosses Plaster Creek an urban stream that drains into the Grand River. Chicago Drive the roadway on the bridge was previously Business M-21 and now the road is part of Business Loop Interstate 196 (BL I-196).
 The Golden Lamb Inn is the oldest hotel in Ohio having been established in the Warren County seat of Lebanon in 1803. The present four-story structure is built around the 1815 rebuilding of the inn maintaining its colonial architecture. It is known as the Golden Lamb because that image appeared on its signboard for the benefit of the illiterate.
 The Burlington Headquarters Building also called Burlington Place is located at 1002 Farnam Street in Downtown Omaha Nebraska. This four-story brick building was originally designed by Alfred R. Dufrene and built in 1879 next to Jobbers Canyon. It was redesigned by noted Omaha architect Thomas R. Kimball in 1899 and vacated by the railroad in 1966. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 designated an Omaha Landmark in 1978 and rehabilitated in 1983.
 The Nathan Westcott House is a historic house at 150 Scituate Avenue in Cranston Rhode Island.The American Colonial house was built in 1770 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Devils Lake North Dakota was built in 1908. It was designed by James Knox Taylor and includes Classical Revival architecture. Also known as Devils Lake Post Office and as the Federal Building it served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 The Church of St. Sebastian is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 312 East 24th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1921 and staffed by the Franciscan Friars; it was suppressed in 1971.
 Clark Fork Valley Hospital is a full-service community hospital in Plains Montana USA. The hospital features a 24/7 emergency department Intensive Care Unit Family Birthing Center and a complete imaging department anchored by a multi-slice GE lightspeed CT scanner 3-dimensional ultrasound echocardiography and all digital imaging.
 The Villa Kathrine is a Moroccan-style home located on the bluffs overlooking the Mississippi River in Quincy Illinois. The unique home sometimes branded as a castle was built in 1900 by architect George Behrensmeyer for wealthy Quincy native W. George Metz. Metz had a fondness for Mediterranean architecture and used the Villa Kathrine as his home when he was not venturing the world.
 Holy Cross Church Burley is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Burley Rutland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands adjacent to Burley-on-the-Hill House.
 Falmouth Beach Hotel is a hotel on the seafront of Gyllyngvase beach in Falmouth Cornwall. The four storey 120 room hotel was operated by Best Western.On 30 April 2012 the hotel was devastated by a fire which broke out on the third floor at roughly 12 noon which caused the roof to collapse and significant damage to the building. The blaze was tackled by some 100 fire fighters.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at 600 Cleveland Avenue in Plainfield Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. Its tower is home to the 47-bell Pittis Carillon.
 The W.S. Kohl Barn near Richfield Idaho United States was built by skilled stonemason Jack Oughton and by Sandy Reed. It was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Salome Sellers House in Deer Isle Maine is a building from 1772. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Austin Methodist Church is a historic church at 135 Court Street in Austin Nevada.The Italianate church building was constructed in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Bozrah Congregational Church and Parsonage is an historic church and parsonage at 17 and 23 Bozrah Street in Bozrah Connecticut. The church is a whitepainted Greek Revival-style meetinghouse situated on a knoll overlooking Bozrah Street (Connecticut Route 163) and Fitchville Pond.The church was built in 1843 the parsonage in 1872.
 The Guggenheim Hermitage Museum was a museum owned and operated by the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. It was located in The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. It was designed by architect Rem Koolhaas and opened on October 7 2001. It added three more collections and exhibits subsequent to its opening. It was the result of a collaboration agreement between the State Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg Russia and the Solomon R.
 The Basilica of Santa Maria is the main temple and the most important historical building of Igualada province of Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Santa Maria church origin is from the 11th century but the current building is mainly from the 17th century.
 The Dana Adobe or Casa de Dana is a historic building in Nipomo California. It was the home of Boston sea captain William Dana who in 1837 was granted the 37888-acre (153.33 km2) Rancho Nipomo in Southern California. Captain Dana hosted figures such as Henry Tefft and John C.
 Coler-Goldwater Specialty Hospital and Nursing Facility (also known as Coler-Goldwater Memorial Hospital) was a 2016-bed chronic care facility on New York City's Roosevelt Island that provided services such as rehabilitation and specialty nursing.
 The Dawley House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners. The residence is a variation on the vernacular Italianate style.
 Coopertown Meetinghouse (Coopertown Church;Coopertown Union Sunday School) is a historic church meeting house in Willingboro Township Burlington County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1802 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Little Dunmow Priory in Little Dunmow was an Augustinian priory in Essex England The lady chapel of the Priory is still in use today as the village parish church.The Augustinian priory dates back to 1106.[1] The plan of the priory was determined by excavation in 1913 - 1914.
 Egerton House Hotel is an AA five star double-townhouse hotel located at 17-19 Egerton Terrace off Brompton Road in the Knightsbridge area of London. It is part of the Red Carnation Hotels group. The hotel consists of two adjoining Victorian townhouses constructed from red-brick which were originally built in 1843. It is managed by Michelle Devlin and Annie McCrann. The hotel has 28 en-suite rooms and a number of suites.
 El Viejo Post Office is a historic post office in downtown Modesto. Built in 1933 the post office houses murals depicting pastoral scenes. The building's roof is made entirely of terra cotta tiles.
 Fort Stanwix National Monument is a United States National Historic Site in Rome New York managed by the National Park Service (NPS). The current fort is a reconstruction of the historic Fort Stanwix occupying approximately 16 acres (6.5 ha) of downtown Rome.
 Clarence House Richmond is a Grade II listed house in The Vineyard Richmond London dating from about 1696.It was built for Nathaniel Rawlins a London haberdasher merchant who lived there until his death in 1718. The Duke of Clarence later to become King William IV lived in Richmond in the late 1780s and gave his name to the property. From 1792 to 1799 Clarence House was a Catholic school run by Timothy Eeles. Among the students was Bernardo O’Higgins.
 The Bailiffgate Museum is a small independent museum in Alnwick Northumberland England dedicated to the history of Alnwick and North Northumberland. It is staffed by trustees and volunteers.
 The Regal Tower is a 32-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The Regal Tower was completed in 2012.
 High Desert State Prison (HDSP) is a maximum security state prison that houses level IV inmates located in Susanville Lassen County California.
 Fort Pitt Museum is an indoor/outdoor museum that is administered by the Senator John Heinz History Center in downtown Pittsburgh Allegheny County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is at the confluence of the Monongahela and Allegheny Rivers where the Ohio River is formed. Fort Pitt Museum is surrounded by Point State Park a Pennsylvania state park named for the geographically and historically significant point that is between the rivers.
 Planters Hall in Vicksburg Mississippi was built in 1834. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. The boundaries of the listing were increased in 1988 to include an 1854-built secondary structure classified as an animal facility.
 This city was once a capital of Baekje. This museum displays and preserves the relics excavated from the site where there had been Mireuksaji Buddhist temple before in Iksan South Korea. It holds different cultural events and summer school for students. Through this it puts a lot of effort to be a national museum. Also it runs various exhibitions and seminars. It opens from 9am to 6pm on weekdays and it closes on every Monday and the first of January of every year.
 Narodni Sin (Czech: Národní síň) also known as the Czech National Hall is located on 209-211 E. Vandalia Edwardsville Illinois. Narodni Sin was built in 1906 using funds provided by the Czechoslovak Protective Society after they outgrew their original meeting hall. The building supported the society's cultural and physical fitness activities.
 The Lame-Smith House and the Sydney and Gertrude Smith Barn also known as James Alexander Smith and Elmarion Smith Barn and Lame-Smith House date back to 1864. Under the latter name for the combination they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Mansion at Burj Khalifa is an approved residential tower which will be built in Downtown Burj Khalifa in Dubai. The tower will rise 227 metres and will have 60 floors and will contain residential apartments. The tower is structured to be constructed in concrete and will serve as a residential building. The architects involved in designing the tower are Adrian Smith Gordon Gill and will be developed by Emaar.
 Cement City Historic District is a historic district in Donora Pennsylvania. The district includes 80 Prairie School concrete residences built in 1916-17. The homes served as housing for employees of the American Steel and Wire Company. Poured-in-place concrete houses had become popular in large-scale housing developments at the time partly thanks to promotion by Thomas Edison; the homes built in Donora used a newly patented construction method from the Lambie Concrete House Corporation.
 Naval Air Station Tillamook located just south of Tillamook Oregon was a U.S. Naval Air Station during World War II commissioned in 1942 and decommissioned in 1948 used primarily to house blimps. The station was the base of operations for Squadron ZP-33 with a complement of 8 K-ships.US Naval Air Station Dirigible Hangar B listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places is on the station.NAS Tillamook is now Tillamook Airport.
 The Campbell Court Hotel is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Mary's Church Moulton is a redundant Anglican round-tower church near the village of Moulton St Mary Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands some 4 kilometres (2 mi) to the south of Acle in an isolated position adjacent to a farm.
 The William Sidney Porter House or O. Henry House is a historic structure in Austin Texas. William Sidney Porter better known as the author O. Henry lived there between 1893 and 1895. The Porter house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 18 1973. The house is known today as the O. Henry Museum.The cottage is a simplified version of the Eastlake Style of architecture.
 Tapu Te Ranga Marae is a living marae in Island Bay Wellington New Zealand. Author Bruce Stewart is currently living there. The Marae is listed as a heritage site[citation needed].
 Green Garden is a historic home and farm located near Upperville Loudoun County Virginia. The house was built in four phases. The original section of the house was built about 1833 and is a portion of the rear ell. The main block was built about 1846 and is a two-story five bay single pile brick structure in the Greek Revival style. A two-story rear ell was added about 1856 and it was connected to original 1833 section with an extension in 1921.
 Blaina and District Hospital (alternatively Blaina and Nantyglo Community Hospital) was a community hospital in Blaina. It was latterly operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. The hospital was opened in 1910 paid for from subscriptions by local mining communities and became part of the NHS in 1948.
 Burgruine Wolkenstein is a castle in Styria Austria.
 La Casa de la Ciencia (the House of Science) in the city of Seville Spain is a centre for popularizing science.Along with a museum the building houses the Andalusian headquarters of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). CSIC is the largest public institution devoted to research in Spain and the third largest in Europe. The building was opened to the public in 2008 with the goal of sharing knowledge acquired through scientific research.
 King George Tower was a proposed skyscraper set to rise in Surrey British Columbia near the King George Station. At a height of 274.3 m (900 ft) with 81 stories the mixed-use building will be significantly taller than any highrise building in Surrey the Vancouver area and Western Canada. The skyscraper will also have the most floors of any building in Canada exceeding the 72 floors of the First Canadian Place in Toronto.
 Laufen Castle (German: Schloss Laufen) is a castle in the municipality of Laufen-Uhwiesen in the Swiss canton of Zurich. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance overlooking the Rhine Falls.The first documented reference to the castle dates to the year 858 when it was the home of the Barons of Laufen. It passed through several owners until the Old Zürich War (1439-1450) when the castle was acquired by the Fulach family from whom the city of Zurich bought the castle in 1544.
 Schloss Straßburg is a castle in Straßburg Carinthia Austria.Today the castle hosts changing museum exhibits and houses several ethnographic collections. On permanent display are rural life objects including rustic furniture kitchen gadgets tools and household equipment a collection of textiles from the mid 19th to mid 20th centuries and a collection of smoking pipes.
 Winstanley Hall is a late 16th-century house in Winstanley in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan (grid reference SD54430310). It is listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument and a Grade II* listed building. Originally built for the Winstanley family the building is one of only three Tudor buildings in the Borough.
 Grand Canyon Power House is a former electric power plant that served National Park Service and concessioner facilities at the South Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park. It is significant for its architecture which masks the building's industrial function behind a veneer of rustic design. It has been designated a National Historic Landmark on the basis of its design quality and the level of preservation of its equipment.
 Chippewa Correctional Facility is a prison for men located in the Upper Peninsula (UP) of Michigan and part of the Michigan Department of Corrections (MDOC). The 3 letter designation for this facility is URF.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Fairton (FCI Fairton) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in New Jersey. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp housing minimum-security male offenders.FCI Fairton is located 50 miles southeast of Philadelphia and 40 miles west of Atlantic City.
 St Lawrence's Church Broughton is a redundant Anglican church in Broughton Buckinghamshire England. Broughton was historically a village but has now become a suburb of the new town of Milton Keynes. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the northeast periphery of Milton Keynes between the A4146 and A5130 roads.
 The Government and Presidential Palace (Slovene: Vladna in predsedniška palača) but also simply Government Palace (Vladna palača) or Presidential Palace (Predsedniška palača) is a building in Ljubljana the capital of Slovenia that houses the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia the Office of the President of Slovenia the Secretary-General of the Government of Slovenia and the Protocol of Slovenia.
 The Soap Creek School located near Corvallis Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nangzhik Gompa or Nangshuk Gompa (locally pronounced Narshi or Nogi Gompa) formerly known as Gyelten Phuntsoling (pinyin: Langyisi) is a Tibetan monastery of the Bon religion in Aba or Ngawa City in Sichuan China. It is about a 4 km walk up a shortcut to reach the monastery on a hill to the north of the town. On a hill to the east is another Bon monastery named Togden or Topgyel which has a large chorten nearby.
 St. Charles Medical Center - Bend is a hospital in Bend Oregon United States. It is the largest hospital in Central Oregon[citation needed] and a level 2 trauma center. St. Charles medical center [SCMC-B] is owned and operated by St. Charles Health System Inc. (SCHS) a private not-for-profit Oregon corporation. SCHS also owns and operates the St. Charles Medical Center - Redmond.
 The Peoples Savings Bank located at 101 3rd Avenue SW Cedar Rapids Iowa was designed by Louis Sullivan. It was built in 1911 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1978.
 The Musée National de Préhistoire et d'Ethnographie du Bardo (Arabic: المتحف الوطني باردو‎ El-mathaf El-ouatani Bardo) is a museum located in Algeria. It was established in 1920s.
 Jackson County Courthouse is an historic courthouse in Sylva North Carolina that was built in 1913 when Sylva took over the County Seat designation from Webster.
 One Financial Plaza also known as the Sovereign Bank Tower and formerly known as the Hospital Trust Tower is an international-style skyscraper in the heart of downtown Providence Rhode Island.Standing as the second-tallest building in Providence its taut-skin cladding is done in pre-cast concrete and travertine.
 Saint Aidan's Church and Rectory is a site on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located at Freeman and Pleasant Street in Brookline Massachusetts.
 Edmondson Hall was built in 1856 just outside of Meadowview this brick Greek Revival house has withstood time very well. William Campbell Edmondson an early pioneer and merchant built the house and the original parcel included 383 acres (1.55 km2) in the fertile valley. On June 11 1998 the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Tulip Grove is an antebellum house built nearby the Hermitage in 1836 for Andrew Jackson Donelson who was the nephew of Andrew Jackson. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The United States Air Force Academy Cadet Chapel completed in 1962 is the distinguishing feature of the Cadet Area at the United States Air Force Academy north of Colorado Springs. It was designed by Walter Netsch of Skidmore Owings and Merrill of Chicago. Construction was accomplished by Robert E. McKee Inc. of Santa Fe New Mexico. Originally controversial in its design the Cadet Chapel has become a classic and highly regarded example of modernist architecture.
 The Centre is a major shopping centre located east of the junction of Circle Drive and 8th Street in Saskatoon Saskatchewan. It is currently anchored by Sport Chek Canada Safeway Rainbow Cinemas the Centre Cinemas Petcetera Shoppers Drug Mart Best Buy Indigo Books and Music and Dollarama. Until 2002-2004 Canadian Tire and Walmart were also part of this mall.
 Enoch Wright House is a historic building in Peters Township Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1815 by Enoch Wright on land he inherited from his father Joshua who moved to the area about 1772. Wright family members lived in the house until 1862 then they rented it out. In 1972 they donated the house to the Peters Creek historical Society which now uses it as a museum.Bricks for the house were manufactured on site.
 The John VanMetre House is a log and brick Federal-style house built in Kearneysville Berkeley County West Virginia around 1780 and enlarged with a log ell about 1800. Also on the property is a log smoke house timber frame barn and two sheds.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Saugeen–Maitland Hall is a co-ed students' residence at the University of Western Ontario in London Ontario Canada. It is currently home to 1252 students and is the largest student residence on campus. Saugeen–Maitland Hall is actually a combination of two residences which are built upon the same foundation and share the same entry floor. The building is divided at the upper elevator lobbies with Saugeen on the east side and Maitland on the west side.
 The Andrew Crockett House also known as the Crockett-Knox House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.It was built or has other significance in c.1800 1821 and c.1847. The house was built by Andrew Crockett an early settler. It includes Greek Revival architecture.According to a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources the house was built by 1799 and was enlarged later (c.1850).
 Oxford Female Institute is a registered historic building in Oxford Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The Oxford Female Institute was affiliated with the Presbyterian Church and its first president was John Witherspoon Scott.
 Millenium Methodist Church is a prominent Methodist church in the city of Secunderabad India. It was established in the year 1882 by the missionaries of the Methodist Episcopal Church. The church was originally just known as Methodist Church Secunderabad. This original church structure was demolished and replaced by a newer structure and the church was then renamed the Millenium Methodist Church. The churches offers services in English and Telugu.
 Methodist Episcopal Church of Butler is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Butler Center in Wayne County New York. It is a rectangular gable roofed frame building designed in a vernacular Greek Revival style and built about 1836. It rests on a cobblestone foundation and is surmounted by an open belfry. Also on the property is a cemetery (non-contributing) established in 1864.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Exempla Saint Joseph Hospital is a hospital in the City Park West neighborhood of Denver.
 The Museum Kunstpalast is an art museum in Düsseldorf Germany.
 Wiggins-Collamer House is a historic home located at Malta in Saratoga County New York. It was built about 1835 and is 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay timber framed residence. It has a rectangular main block and 1-story rear wing. It represents a transitional Federal / Greek Revival period residence.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Brook Street Chapel Knutsford is in the town of Knutsford Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The chapel was built in soon after the passing of the Act of Toleration 1689. It is built in red brick with a stone-flagged roof in two storeys with two external staircases. Inside is a gallery on three sides and a pulpit on a long wall.
 General Cigar Company is one of the largest manufacturers of cigars in the world. It has been owned by Swedish Match since 2005.
 The Drennan School also known as the Drennan Community Building is a historic building in Ellicott near Colorado Springs Colorado. The building was first owned by the Widefield School District in El Paso County. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Downe House is a home on Richmond Hill Greater London which was previously occupied by The Rolling Stones lead vocalist Mick Jagger and model Jerry Hall.
 Pacific Epping is a shopping centre in Epping Victoria a suburb of Melbourne Australia. It opened in May 1996. It is located on the corner of High Street and Cooper Street 500 m away from Epping railway station Melbourne and approximately 21 km north of the Melbourne CBD. Until September 2013 the shopping centre was known as Epping Plaza.
 Eagle's Store is a family business in West Yellowstone Montana whose three-story log building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The original store was established in 1908 on the same site and was razed in 1927 to make room for the present building constructed in National Park Service rustic architectural style.
 West Oaks Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Alief area of the west side of Houston Texas USA that opened in 1984. It is located at the southwest corner of the intersection of Westheimer Road and Highway 6. Anchor stores include a Dillard's Clearance Store Edwards Theaters Macy's and Sears.
 The Museum of Aquitaine (French: Musée d'Aquitaine) is a collection of objects and documents from the history of Bordeaux and Aquitane.
 129 West Trade is a 227 feet (69 m) skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1958 and has 15 floors. The building is clad with 3822 - 2000 pound (890 kg) precast concrete facade panels which measure 5.5 by 6 feet (1.6 by 1.8 m).This building was home to the Wachovia Charlotte office prior to 1975 when the bank moved to 400 South Tryon. The Charlotte Chamber of Commerce occupied the building from 1975 to 1995.
 Catoctin Furnace (also known as Catoctin Iron Furnace) was constructed in 1774 by four brothers Thomas Baker Roger and James Johnson to produce pig iron from locally mined hematite.In blast by 1776the furnace provided ammunition (cannonballs) for the American Revolution.Some sources state that it also provided cannon.They also state that iron from this furnace was (much later of course) used to make plates for the USS Monitor;however that is considered unlikely by researchers.The Johnson brothers owned the furnaces at the site at first collectivelyand after 1793 singly until 1811.Ultimately three furnaces were built at the site each named for the site.The first Catoctin Furnace was rebuilt a short distance away in 1787.The second named Isabella was built in the 1850s by Jacob Kunkel (references give dates from 1853 to 1867).It still stands within Cunningham Falls State Park.The first two furnaces burned charcoal.The third which opened in 1873 burned coke (some sources say anthracite coal though this would be more costly).The entire complex closed in 1903 (attributed to rising costs and the too-late introduction of a rail link).The furnace's remains are located in Cunningham Falls State Park. 
 The Bank of America Tower is a 38-floor 146 meter skyscraper located in the Admiralty area of Hong Kong Island Hong Kong China.
 The Brooklyn Museum is an art museum located in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. At 560000 square feet (52000 m2) the museum is New York City's second largest in physical size and holds an art collection with roughly 1.5 million works.Founded in 1895 the Beaux-Arts building designed by McKim Mead and White was planned to be the largest art museum in the world.
 The Wachovia Building previously known as the Waterman Building and the Southtrust Bank Building is a high-rise in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. Completed in 1947 the building rises 230 feet (70 m) and 16 stories.
 Restaurant Beaulieu in Doorwerth Castle is a former restaurant located in Doorwerth in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1966-1973 and 1976-1979.In the first star period G.H. Brenninkmeijer acted as head chef.
 University Medical Center formerly known as Thomason Hospital is a non-profit public hospital in El Paso Texas. University Medical Center is licensed by the State of Texas and accredited by the Joint Commission. Since the early 1990s the White House has designated Thomason as the hospital where the President Vice President and former Presidents of the United States will be treated should they require medical care while traveling in the region.
 The Mordecai Puryear House is a center-hall house in Franklin Tennessee built around 1830. Mordecai Puryear was one of the ten original investors in the National Bank of Franklin in 1871. The bank was one of the primary financial institutions of the county until it failed in 1926.The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. At the time of listing it included two contributing buildings on an area of 4 acres (1.6 ha).
 The Potteries Shopping Centre (branded as Intu Potteries) is an indoor shopping centre in Hanley Stoke on Trent in the Staffordshire Potteries.
 The National Mining Hall of Fame is a museum located in Leadville Colorado USA dedicated to commemorating the work of miners and people that work with natural resources. The museum also participates in efforts to inform the public about the mining industry.The group holds a congressional charter under Title 36 of the United States Code.
 The Bank Saloon at 418 S. Carson St. in Carson City Nevada was built in 1899.
 The U.S. Post Office—Yuma Main also known as Yuma Main Post Office or Yuma Downtown Postal Annex is the former main post office serving Yuma Arizona. The post office was constructed in 1933. The building's design a work of architect Roy Place is a blend of the Beaux Arts and Spanish Colonial Revival styles.
 City Centre Mall is a shopping mall located in Shimoga Karnataka and is the city's first shopping mall. Developed by UAE based EKK Group City Centre Mall is attached to the KSRTC bus station and is the state's first ISO 14001 certified mall.
 The Confederate Monument in Owensboro is a historic statue located at the southwest corner of the Daviess County Courthouse lawn in Owensboro Kentucky.The Monument was placed on the courthouse lawn in September 1900 by the John C. Breckinridge Chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy after several years of fund raising. Over 5000 came to witness the dedication which included speeches and music. Among the dignitaries was the editor of The Confederate Veteran S. A.
 The Radcliffe Camera (Camera meaning room in Latin; colloquially Rad Cam) is a building of Oxford University England designed by James Gibbs in neo-classical style and built in 1737–1749 to house the Radcliffe Science Library. It is sited to the south of the Old Bodleian north of St.
 Summer Hill is a historic home at Davidsonville Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame dwelling five bays wide and two deep. It represents a typical Maryland farmhouse of the mid 19th century. The exterior is in transition between mid-19th-century style broadly derived from Greek Revival architecture and an earlier style derived from Federal-Georgian sources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Allen House is located in Shrewsbury Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built c. 1740 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1974.The house is one of several houses owned and operated as a historic house museum by the Monmouth County Historical Association.
 Cunningham House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1910 and is a two-story stuccoed residence with a hipped roof clad with wood shingles. It was originally built as a studio but converted to a residential property in 1919. At that time a two-story service wing was added. It features a two-story enclosed center court lighted by a skylight.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Knox's Headquarters State Historic Site in the town of New Windsor in Orange County New York consists of the Georgian house of the Ellison family built in 1754 and the grounds around it. It is located on Old Forge Hill Road just south of Route 94 east of Vails Gate.
 The American Net and Twine Company Factory is a historic factory at 155 2nd Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The company founded in 1844 was the first to produce fishing nets made from cotton instead of hemp. Ivers Whitney Adams was president of the company at one point.This three story brick building was built by the company in 1875 to accommodate rising demand for its products and twice expanded in the early years of the 20th century.
 The Schermerhorn Building at 376–380 Lafayette Street on the corner of Great Jones Street in the NoHo neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was built in 1888–1889 by William C. Schermerhorn on the site of the Schermerhorn mansion and rented by him to a boys' clothing manufacturer. The Romanesque Revival loft building was designed by Henry Hardenbergh architect of the Plaza Hotel and The Dakota.
 St Chad's Church Kirkby is in Old Hall Lane Kirkby Knowsley Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Huyton the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with those of St Mark Kirkby: St Martin Southdene Kirkby: and Tower Hill St Andrew Kirkby. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Emmanuel Church is an historic Episcopal church at 42 Dearborn Street in Newport Rhode Island. The church began as a mission of Newport's Trinity Church in 1841. In 1852 it was admitted into the diocese as Emmanuel Free Church in its own right.The current building was designed by architectural firm Cram Goodhue & Ferguson in Late Gothic Revival style. It was built between 1900 and 1902 thanks to a donation in memory of John Nicholas Brown I by his widow Natalie Bayard Brown.
 Burgruine Greifenfels is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Hard Times Cafe is a collectively owned restaurant in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. It is known for its punk and hippie ideology its gritty ambiance and its large selection of vegan and vegetarian food. It is open 22 hours a day closing only between the hours of 4 am and 6 am.
 Dimbola Lodge was the Isle of Wight home of the Victorian pioneer photographer Julia Margaret Cameron from 1860 to 1875.It is now owned by the Julia Margaret Cameron Trust who run Dimbola Museum and Galleries.
 The Wappingers Falls Historic District is in the center of that village in Dutchess County New York United States. It is a 90-acre (36 ha) area roughly centered along South Avenue and West Main Street NY 9D and Wappinger Creek.
 The Cumberland Presbyterian Church also known as the Peoria Musicians Club is the oldest standing church building in Peoria Illinois United States. The church was constructed in 1856 as the First Cumberland Presbyterian Church. It was used by various churches and a synagogue until 1913 when it was bought by the American Federation of Musicians Local 26. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 18 1980. It is now a branch of Busey Bank.[citation needed]
 Värnamo sjukhus is a hospital in Värnamo Sweden.
 Inn at Fowlerstown also known as Drover's Inn is a historic hotel located near Wellsburg in Brooke County West Virginia United States. The inn was built between 1848 and 1851 and is a 2½-story brick building in the Greek Revival style. The property also includes a two story log house (1820) and frame cottage that pre-date the inn. Contributing outbuildings are a small clapboard well house chicken coop and privy.
 Island Home is located in Gardner Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 5 1984.
 San Proculo previously dedicated to the saints Proculus and Nicomedes is a Romanesque church located in Via de' Giraldi in Florence Italy. A church at the site was present by 13th century. The façade is in rough stone with a central rose buffered and two large side windows. Three other open windows along the side Via Pandolfini.
 Heinrich H. Schroeder Barn is a historic barn at 632 29th Avenue in Canton Kansas United States. It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Poughkeepsie Almshouse and City Infirmary is a historic almshouse and infirmary complex located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. The complex includes five contributing buildings. The almshouse buildings has a three-story seven-bay main block flanked by matching two story five bay wings. It was built in 1868 of brick with wood trim and features Italianate style details. J.A. Wood is credited as the building's architeect.
 Hotel El-Aurassi is a luxury five-star hotel in Algiers Algeria. Established in 1975 and in grounds of some 125850 square metres the 14-storey hotel contains 455 rooms and 31 suites.The hotel was designed by Italian architect Luigi Moretti who died before the hotel was completed. The Algerian government reportedly has an 80% share in the company that operates the hotel.
 The Old St. Wenceslaus Catholic Parish House is a historic Catholic church hall located in Tabor South Dakota. The church was constructed by immigrants from Bohemia in 1878. The church was in use until 1910 when it was replaced by the St. Wenceslaus Catholic Church and Parish House. It is the oldest brick structure in the city of Tabor.
 Gordon-Nash Library is a historic library on Main Street in New Hampton New Hampshire. The library is privately funded and run but is the only private non-profit library in New Hampshire that is open to all residents students and sojourners.The library was constructed in 1895 with a donation from Judge Stephen Gordon Nash. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Kjerringøy Church (Norwegian: Kjerringøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Kjerringøy. The church is part of the Kjerringøy og Rønvik parish in the northern part of Bodø in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1883 and it is the third church building on this site since the 1500s.
 Shangri-La Toronto is a hotel and condominium tower in downtown Toronto Canada. It was designed by Vancouver based architect James Cheng and was built by Westbank Projects Corp. This is the same team that was responsible for building the 201m Living Shangri-La the tallest building in Vancouver as well as a number of other structures in that city. Shangri-La Toronto is 214 meters tall and is one of the ten tallest buildings in Toronto.
 Mount Prospect Baptist Church is a historic church at 339 W. Black Street in Rock Hill South Carolina.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Outer Banks Hospital (OBH) is a critical access hospital located in Nags Head Dare County on the Outer Banks. It is 60%/40% partnership of the Vidant Health and Chesapeake Regional Medical Center (CRMC). The hospital opened in March 2002. The hospital has 21 general hospital beds. It also includes two Shared Inpatient/Ambulatory Surgery two Endoscopy and one C-Section operating rooms.It is the first and only major hospital on the Outer Banks.
 The Stites House is a historic residence in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1835 it is a brick structure with a stone foundation and a shingled roof; its architecture is a mix of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. The house is composed of two portions: the front which Hezekiah Stites constructed in 1835 and the large rear wing which Hezekiah's son Charles added in 1867.
 Surgeons' Hall in Edinburgh Scotland is the headquarters of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSED). It houses the Surgeons' Hall Museum and the library and archive of the RCSED. The present Surgeons' Hall was designed by William Henry Playfair and completed in 1832 and is a category A listed building.Surgeons' Hall Museum is the major medical museum in Scotland and one of Edinburgh's many tourist attractions.
 St. James Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Monkton Baltimore County Maryland US. It is a brick church that was constructed in 1755 with extensions added in the 18th 19th and 20th centuries. The bell tower dates from 1884. A cemetery surrounds the church enclosed by a stone wall. It is a vernacular interpretation of Georgian ecclesiastical architecture.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Buntingsdale Hall is a historic country house in the parish of Sutton upon Tern to the southwest of Market Drayton in Shropshire England. It became a Grade II* listed building on 14 February 1979.
 Broward Health formerly the North Broward Hospital District is one of the 10 largest health systems in the U.S. Located in Broward County Florida Broward Health has the county’s first certified stroke center and only liver transplant program.
 The Fortis Building is a 12 story high-rise located in downtown St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The building is the headquarters of Fortis Inc. and is located at 139 Water Street.
 The Silver Spring Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station is a historic building located at Silver Spring Montgomery County Maryland. It was built in 1945 on the foundation of the original station a Victorian-style brick structure built in 1878. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style and built from standardized plans developed for B&O stations in the mid-1940s.
 The Old Courthouse at 1207 Caldwell St. in Newberry South Carolina was built in 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Bountiful Tabernacle is a historic Mormon tabernacle building at Main and Center Streets in Bountiful Utah.The Greek Revival building was designed by Augustus Farnham and was began in 1857 and finally finished in 1863. Work was suspended in 1857 during the time of the Utah Expedition also known as Buchanan's Blunder. It was dedicated by Elder Heber C Kimbal on 14 March 1862. It was Farnham's most significant work and became known world-wide.
 The Aynesworth-Wright House is a historic Austin Texas house built in 1852 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The Texas Historical Commission plaque reads: Isaiah Hezekiah Aynesworth (b. 1797) a Baptist preacher and cabinet maker constructed this Greek revival residence about 1852. Originally located at 4507 East Avenue it was a two room house with an enclosed dog-run hallway. Additional rooms were later attached to the back porch. Dr.
 Col. William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a 2-story brick structure with a 1 1⁄2-story side wing constructed in 1823 in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. It is currently operated as a house museum by the Niagara County Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Strother Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel at 1201 Van Drive in Seminole Oklahoma.It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register in 2003.
 Jervis Gordon Grist Mill Historic District also known as Milford Grist Mill and Rowe's Mill is a historic grist mill and national historic district located at Milford Pike County Pennsylvania. The district includes three contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The buildings are a late-19th century grist mill blacksmith complex and millers house. The contributing structure consists of the mill pond dam head race and tail race.
 The Eaton Chelsea (formerly the Delta Chelsea Toronto) is the largest hotel in Canada located in Toronto Ontario. Located at 33 Gerrard Street West it contains 1591 guest rooms and suites on 26 floors with 5 basements and 18 elevators. It was planned as a residential condominium building by Toronto architectural firm Crang and Boake but it opened as a hotel on October 15 1975.
 North Christian Congregational Church is a historic church located at 3538 North. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The church was built circa 1842 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The church is a rare survivor as most of the other first period churches in the city were located downtown and have not survived. It is one of the few remaining public buildings left in the Steep Brook area of Fall River.
 The Crab Cooker is a popular Southern California restaurant specializing in seafood located on the Balboa Peninsula in Newport Beach California. The restaurant is housed in an old branch building of the Bank of America located at 22nd & Newport Blvd. The logo of the bank prior to its merger with NationsBank can still be seen embedded in the corner of the building. It was established in 1951 and is considered a local landmark.
 Ohio National Guard Armory is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 3 1980. It was designed by Samuel Hannaford who won a competition for the design beating out Charles Crapsey and others.
 House at 52 Eighteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1895 and is a two story clapboard sided residence with a slate covered hipped roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a raised front porch with lattice work and a two story bay window.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Washoe House is a historic roadhouse in Sonoma County California in the United States. It is located west of Cotati California at the juncture of Stony Point Road and Roblar Road. It lies near the headwaters of Washoe Creek and is the defining landmark of the unincorporated community of Stony Point.
 St. Ignatius Church is a historic Roman Catholic Church located at Forest Hill Harford County Maryland. It is a rubble stone one-story rectangular structure of five bays with a tall tower at the west end and a rubble stone two-story rectangular addition. The original 35 feet by 50 feet church was built between 1786 and 1792. A major addition was made in 1848 and the tower was added in 1865. The parish hall wing was constructed in 1822 and a small frame sacristy was added in 1887.
 The Franklin County Courthouse in Hampton Iowa United States was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Prescott Town House is a historic former town hall on MA 32 in Petersham Massachusetts.The building was built in 1838 serving as the town hall for Prescott Massachusetts a town that was unincorporated in order to make way for the Quabbin Reservoir in the 1930s. The town house was moved to Petersham where it is now located on a hall above a hay meadow north of the town center.
 North Union Shaker Site is a historic site in Shaker Heights Ohio. The site was founded by Shakers in 1822 and was added to the National Register in 1974. The Shakers ran grist and grain mills from the lakes created when they dammed Doan Creek. The community ceased to exist in 1899.
 The Livingston Mall is a two-level super-regional shopping mall owned by the Simon Property Group located in Livingston New Jersey United States serving western Essex Morris and Union counties. The mall has a gross leasable area of 985000 sq ft (91500 m2).
 Hickory Neck Church is a historic Episcopal church located near Toano James City County Virginia. The original section was built between 1733 and 1738 with an extension made to the main body of the church in 1773-1774. It was altered about 1825. It is a one-story three bay deep rectangular brick structure measuring 36 feet 6 inches long by 28 feet 6 inches wide.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Wenner-Gren Center is a tower and building complex in Vasastaden Stockholm Sweden. The building was constructed 1959–1961 and opened in 1962.The Center consists of three buildings named Helicon Pylon and Tetragon. Pylon is a high tower Helicon is a lower semicircular part surrounding the tower and Tetragon is a box-shaped building next to the tower.
 Trinity Episcopal Church Complex is a historic church at the junction of Church Street and Barclay Street in Saugerties New York.It was built in 1831 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Angelini Tower is a 29-story residential skyscraper located in the city of Maracaibo Zulia state Venezuela.It is the tallest building in the city and the Zulia state having a height of 113 meters. It is one of the newest skyscrapers built in the country and is designed in a modern architectural style with the use of brick and reinforced concrete. It was completed in 2009.
 The Kennedy Krieger Institute is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) tax-exempt Johns Hopkins affiliate located in Baltimore Maryland that provides inpatient and outpatient medical care community services and school based programs for children and adolescents with learning disabilities as well as disorders of the brain spinal cord and musculoskeletal system.
 Heetal Plaza Hotel is a heritage hotel located on the outskirts of Kabul Afghanistan. The heritage hotel built in a red pillar palacial style contain 64 rooms and suites furnished with ethnic Afghan furnishings. It contains the Wazir & China White restaurants serving Continental Chinese Mexican Italian Afghan and Indian cuisines.
 The Cathedral of Notre Dame of Lausanne is a Cathedral situated in the city of Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It belongs to the Swiss Reformed Church.
 Gallery One One One is an art gallery that is part of the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg Manitoba. It shows and collects contemporary and historical art. Gallery One One One was established in 1965 as a public museum with charitable tax status. Gallery One One One is located on the Fort Garry campus of the University of Manitoba. The Gallery is involved in national and international shows and activities.
 Oakland Plantation House is in Gurley Louisiana. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The house was built by Judge Thomas W. Scott in 1827. It has a wide front gallery and the entrance is highlighted by two large double doors.
 The US Post Office-Millbury Main is an historic building on 119 Elm Street in Millbury Massachusetts. The single story brick building was built in 1941 and has styling with Art Deco features. It has a cupola with diamond-glass windows and a copper roof; the diamond window pattern also appears in the windows that flank and top the building's entrance.
 The Palace of the Four Winds (Polish: Pałac Pod Czterema Wiatrami) also known as the Tepper Palace is a rococo palace in Warsaw located at ulica Długa (Long Street) 38/40.
 The Monastery is a historic stone house in Fairmount Park Kitchen's Lane at Wissahickon Creek in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.It was built in 1747 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The house's connection to monastic life is uncertain or simply legendary but German mystic and hermit Johannes Kelpius lived nearby in the Wissahickon Valley from 1694 until his death in 1708 and connections with monks from Ephrata have been reported.
 The Paramount or 680 Mission Street at Third is a 40-story rental-apartment tower that is located South of Market just outside of the Financial District on Mission Street in San Francisco.
 The Silas Clapp House is an historic house at East Greenwich Avenue in West Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1804 and added to the National Historic Register in 1973.
 Bingham Free Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on South Main Street (U.S. 201) in Bingham Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Rabbit Ears is a pair of mountain peaks that were landmarks over the Cimarron Cutoff of the Santa Fe Trail. The Clayton Complex includes that another mountain peak and three camps between them: McNees Crossing Turkey Creek Camp and Rabbit Ears Camp.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1963. It figures largely in Louis L'Amour's novel Mustang Man.
 Ya-Po-Ah Terrace (nickname The High Place) is the tallest building in Downtown Eugene Oregon at 212 feet (65 m).[citation needed] It is a controversial high-rise apartment building for senior citizens erected at the foot of the butte in 1968.
 East Tennessee Children's Hospital is a private independent not-for-profit 152-bed pediatric medical center in Knoxville Tennessee. The hospital's primary service area includes 16 counties in East Tennessee and its secondary service area includes counties in southwest Virginia southeast Kentucky and western North Carolina.It is certified by the state as a Comprehensive Regional Pediatric Center (CRPC) Tennessee's highest level of certification for pediatric hospital care.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church building located at 635 Clyde Street in the Shadyside section of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States.
 Lincoln Hall is a building containing a theatre and classrooms at Portland State University in Portland Oregon. It was originally home to Lincoln High School.
 The House at 5011 Sunset Drive in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architecture which is Bungalow/Craftsman style.It was designed by architect Mary Rockwell Hook and was built during 1922-23.
 The Museum of Asian Art (German: Museum für Asiatische Kunst) is located in the Dahlem neighborhood of the borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf Berlin Germany. It is one of the Berlin State Museums institutions and is funded by the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation. It houses some 20000 Asian artifacts making it one of the largest museums of ancient Asian art in the world. The museum is located in the same building as the Ethnological Museum of Berlin.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 503 W. Commercial Street in Ozark Arkansas.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Church of the Holy Virgin Mary of Lourdes (Polish: Kościół Najświętszej Maryi Panny z Lourdes w Krakowie) is a Roman Catholic church in Kraków Poland dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes. It was founded by the Lazarists and built in 1892–1894 at ul. Misjonarska 37 street in the district of Krowodrza. It has been a parish church since 1923. In interwar Poland a polyphonic choir was established by the congregation in 1932.
 The James Jay H. Byrd Jr. Unit (DU) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for men located in Huntsville Texas. The 93 acres (38 ha) diagnostic unit established in May 1964 is 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Downtown Huntsville on Farm to Market Road 247. The prison was named after James H. Byrd a former prison warden.[citation needed]The facility is the TDCJ's primary prisoner intake facility in Huntsville.
 Lebanon Springs Union Free School is a historic school building located at New Lebanon in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1913 and is a rectangular two story hipped roof brick building coated in stucco. It sits on a tooled concrete foundation and is topped with a slate roof. Atop the roof is an eight sided louvered belfry. Also on the property are the remains of a railroad trestle over the Wyomanock Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Boston Flour Mill is a historic gristmill in Shedd Oregon.It was built in 1863 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is part of the Thompson's Mills State Heritage Site.The mill has been the site of field schools of both the historic preservation program and the archaeology program of the University of Oregon in 2003 and 2005 respectively.
 The Kolkata Eye is a giant Ferris wheel proposed for Kolkata West Bengal India.It was first proposed in 2011 at which time it was expected to be between 150 m (490 ft) and 180 m (590 ft) in diameter accommodate over 500 people in more than 30 passenger capsules and take approximately 30 minutes to complete a full revolution.In 2012 it was reported that the state urban development department had identified a two-acre plot alongside the Hooghly River belonging to the Kolkata Port Trust.
 Snyder Mill is a historic grist mill located on Monocacy Creek in Exeter Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1780 and is a 1 1/2-story banked stone building. It measures 26 feet by 50 feet with a frame addition of 20 feet 3 inches by 25 feet 10 inches. It retains a wooden water wheel. The mill ceased operations in 1930.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Gen. William Floyd House in Westernville New York is a National Historic Landmark. It was the home of William Floyd 1734–1821 a signer of the Declaration of Independence. This is distinct from William Floyd House a prior home of his in Mastic Beach New York that is also on the National Register.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The two William Floyd houses are believed to be the only surviving homes in New York of signers of the Declaration of Independence.
 Knickerbocker Mansion is a historic home located at Schaghticoke in Rensselaer County New York. It was built about 1770 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular brick building. It has a hipped roof covered in slate that curves slightly at the eaves. The front facade once featured a one-bay pedimented entrance portico. The property was occupied by the Knickerbocker family from about 1707 until 1946.
 Barrett-Chumney House is a historic plantation home located near Amelia Courthouse Amelia County Virginia. It was largely built about 1823 and is a two-story five bay frame central-hall building with weatherboarded exterior and hipped standing-seam metal roof. It is a Federal-style I-house with a notable Federal-style door surround. The house was remodeled in about 1859 with the addition of Greek Revival elements.
 The Masonic Female College and Cokesbury Conference School is a historic building in Cokesbury South Carolina that was the home of several different educational institutions in the century from 1854 to 1954.
 Isaac Hunsberger House is a historic home located at Limerick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1827 and modified in 1893. A rear addition was built in 1926. It is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped dwelling brick and stone dwelling. It has a five bay front facade with a one-story porch with Victorian-style decorative elements and is in a vernacular Georgian style.
 Ann Cunningham Evans House is a historic home located at Caernarvon Township in Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1814 and is a 2 1/2-story three-bay stone dwelling with a gable roof in the Federal style. It has a two-story rear ell (c. 1814) sun porch (c. 1930) and 1 1/2-story garage / kitchen addition (1950 / 1951).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 St Audry's Hospital Melton Suffolk England was known as a psychiatric hospital from about 1917 having previously been an asylum that was founded in 1827. The hospital was closed in about 1993 and converted for use as residences. The administration block with the main entrance has been a Grade II listed building since 11 June 1985 and the South Entrance Pavilion has been Grade II listed since 14 November 1997.
 McLaren Regional Medical Center (MRMC) is a nonprofit 416-bed tertiary teaching hospital located in Flint Michigan. MRMC is affiliated with the Michigan State University College of Human Medicine's medical residency programs including family medicine internal medicine general surgery orthopedic surgery and radiology. MRMC also maintains a hematology/oncology fellowship program in partnership with Michigan State University and is sponsoring a surgical oncology fellowship program.
 St. Faith and St. Laurence's Church Harborne is a parish church in the Church of England in Harborne Birmingham.
 St Wilfrid and St Ann's Church Newton Heath is located in Oldham Road Newton Heath Greater Manchester England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church which has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Epping Forest (also known as the Alfred I. duPont Estate) was a historic 58-acre (230000 m2) estate in Jacksonville Florida where a luxurious riverfront mansion was built in the mid-1920s by industrialist Alfred I. du Pont and his third wife Jessie Ball du Pont. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and has been restored to its original grandeur as the home of the Epping Forest Yacht Club.
 Chipley Priory was a small Augustine religious house dedicated to the Blessed Virgin located about 1 mile (2 km) north-west of the village of Poslingford in the English county of Suffolk. The date of its foundation is unknown and the first references to it occur in 1235. The priory never became a major house – a taxation roll from 1291 shows its income at less than £5 per annum – and by 1455 the buildings were ruins.
 The Château des Chances is a ruined castle in the commune of Les Haies in the Rhône département of France at the foot of the Pilat massif.All that remains today of the medieval castle is a collapsed tower and some stretches of wall. The oldest remnant is from a castle mentioned in a charter in April 970 (the Charte Savigny) naming a certain Rudolph a son of the powerful Lavieu family as owner of the castle.
 American INSIGHT’s mission is to broaden exposure to the history and future of Free Speech through emerging technologies.
 The Hessian Barracks is a historic barracks and school building located at Frederick Frederick County Maryland United States. It is an L-shaped two-story stone structure with gallery porches and a gable roof. The barracks were reportedly built during the French and Indian War and occupied by General Edward Braddock and his troops on their route to Fort Duquesne. However evidence suggests that they remained incomplete as late as 1781 when the structure was used as a prison.
 Dr. Robert B. McNutt House is a historic home located at Princeton Mercer County West Virginia. The original section was built about 1840 and is a classic I house configuration with a two-story three-bay main facade and a one-bay wide two story centered portico. Later additions include a one story hip roofed section and a two-story ell. The portico has curvilinear brackets and a second story railing in the Gothic Revival style. The house sits on a random ashlar sandstone foundation.
 The Dr. Hovey Everett House is a Greek Revival style house in the Hamlet of Lowman in the Town of Chemung New York. It is significant both for its architecture and for its association with the life of Dr. Hovey Everett who practised medicine in the area including Lowman and nearby Elmira New York for forty years from his arrival in the area in 1821 until his death in 1861. The house was built in 1827 as a wedding present for Dr.
 St Francis Xavier's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Adelaide South Australia. It is classified as being a Gothic Revival building in the Early English style. The tower stands 36 m high and is 56.5 m lengthwise and 29.5 m horizontally. The foundation stone was laid in 1856 and construction of the tower began in 1887. However it was not completed until 1996.
 Hinton Rowan Helper House the residence of Hinton Rowan Helper from 1829-49 also known as Evans Place is a house in Mocksville North Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
 The French Quarter of Charleston South Carolina is a section of downtown Charleston. It is considered to be bounded by the Cooper River on the east Broad Street on the south Meeting Street on the west and Market Street on the north. The French Quarter is basically within the original walled city of Charleston. The area began being called the French Quarter in 1973 when preservation efforts began for warehouse buildings on the Lodge Alley block.
 The Seattle Ice Arena was a 4000-seat multi-purpose arena located in the Metropolitan Tract in Seattle Washington. The Arena was home to the Seattle Metropolitans Pacific Coast Hockey Association franchise from 1915 to 1924. It was built in 1915 at the cost of $100000. It was located across from what is now the Olympic Hotel on University Street in downtown Seattle.
 Isaac Applewhite House is a historic house on Church Street in Chappell Hill Texas.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Villamayor) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in the 10th century and was run initially as a convent.
 Carolinas Medical Center may refer to any one of a number of hospitals owned and operated by Carolinas HealthCare System in the Charlotte region. The flagship hospital Carolinas Medical Center (CMC) is a large public not-for-profit hospital located in Charlotte North Carolina.
 Dickerson Potato House is a historic potato house located near Delmar Sussex County Delaware. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1900 and is a two-story gable fronted balloon frame structure on a brick foundation. It measures 30 feet 4 inches by 23 feet 3 inches.
 The Big Sandy Heritage Center is a museum located in Pikeville Kentucky that portrays the history and culture of Eastern Kentucky. The museum is housed in Pikeville's historic railroad station.The museum portrays the people places and events that makes the area unique. Exhibits include the American Civil War Hatfield-McCoy feud Eastern Kentucky railways and coal mining. It is open Monday-Friday (10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m.) nights and weekends by appointment only.
 The Bailey House Museum also known as Old Bailey House is a historic house museum of Hawaiian history and art located in Wailuku on the island of Maui in Hawaiʻi. It is owned and operated by the Maui Historical Society. The Bailey House is a historic district contributing property within the Wailuku Civic Center Historic District and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Chemung Railway Depot-Horseheads is a historic railway depot located at Horseheads Chemung County New York. It was built in 1866 by the Northern Central Railway (NCRY). The train station was operated by the NCRY and its successor the Pennsylvania Railroad until 1956. The Italianate style building is significant architecturally and historically as a representative of a 19th-century railroad depot.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Ryan Round Barn was the first round barn in the U.S. state of Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places it joined that list on New Year's Eve 1974. Though it is indeed a round barn the Ryan Round Barn is not part of the round barns Multiple Property Submission for Illinois.
 Dijon Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Bénigne de Dijon) dedicated to Saint Benignus of Dijon is a Roman Catholic cathedral and national monument of France located in the town of Dijon Burgundy.Originating as the church of the Abbey of St.
 The Sanctuary of the Santo Hermano Pedro is a pilgrimage temple located in the town of Vilaflor south of the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain). The shrine is dedicated to Peter of Saint Joseph Betancur the first Saint of the Canary Islands.
 The Thomas B. Townsend House at 222 S. 5th St. in Montrose Colorado was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.According to its NRHP nomination it is one of the oldest permanent residences in the valley and had 'running water' from a system of rain troughs and a cistern in its attic.
 Norwood is a historic plantation home located near Powhatan Powhatan County Virginia. It was built in the 18th century and remodeled about 1835. It is a two-story five bay Federal style brick dwelling with a hipped roof. The remodeling included the addition of flanking two-story wings and a two-story rear extension. The front facade features a sheltering porch with coupled Ionic order columns marble paving and granite steps.
 The Tours de Merle (English Towers of Merle) are the ruins of a castle in the commune of Saint-Geniez-ô-Merle in the Corrèze département of France.A feudal fortress from the twelfth and fifteenth centuries which was subject of a classification as a historic monument since July 30 1927.In the fourteenth century Merle included seven castles two chapels and village owned by seven noblemen from Merle.During the Hundred Years' War the English took one of the towers and a castle in 1371.
 St. Wystan's Church Repton is a parish church located in Repton Derbyshire famous for its Anglo-Saxon crypt which is the burial place of two Mercian Kings. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is dedicated to the Anglo-Saxon Saint Wystan (or Wigstan) who was formerly buried within the church's crypt.
 Carmelite Friary King's Lynn was a friary in Norfolk England.
 The Henry Shoemaker Farmhouse is a circa 1810 Federal style farmhouse which was involved in the Battle of South Mountain in 1862. Located near the eastern end of Turner's Gap the house was the center of a Union encampment and served as a field hospital.
 The Wilson–South House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sheraton Indianapolis City Centre formerly known as the Radisson Hotel City Centre is a high-rise hotel in Indianapolis Indiana. The hotel was originally operated as the Hilton on the Circle.
 The West Memorial Hall or West Memorial Institute is a Victorian Grade II listed building at 7-9 Gosbrook Road Caversham Berkshire designed by Alfred Waterhouse. The Hall is a former Baptist Free Church that has now been converted to apartments.
 First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 2621 9th Street in Tuscaloosa Alabama.It was built in 1907 from a congregation established in 1866 and was added to the National Register in 1988.
 Morton Hospital is a medical complex located on Washington Street near Route 140 and Route 138 in Taunton Massachusetts USA. The facility serves the Greater Taunton Area and is equipped with its own heliport for medical emergency flights. Also it owns a small rehabilitation facility down the street at Mill River Plaza.
 Bergen Regional Medical Center is a hospital in Paramus New Jersey. Bergen Regional is both the largest hospital with 1070 beds and the largest licensed nursing home in New Jersey. Additionally with 323 beds Bergen Regional is one of the largest medical resources providing a continuum of care for the behavioral health community.The facility was known as Bergen Pines for about 80 years until the name was changed to Bergen Regional Medical Center in 1998.
 The Wellington Street Apartment House District of Worcester Massachusetts encompasses a collection of stylistically similar apartment houses in the city's Main South area. It includes sixteen properties along Jacques Avenue and Wellington and Irving Streets most of which were built between 1887 and 1901. The notable exception is the Harrington House at 62 Wellington Street a c.
 The Pope House Museum built in 1901 is a restored home once owned by Dr. M.T. Pope a prominent African-American citizen of Raleigh North Carolina. The Pope House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was also an official project of the Save America’s Treasures Program.
 The Picchetti Winery also known as the Picchetti Ranch is a winery located at 13100 Montebello Rd. Cupertino California in the Picchetti Ranch Open Space Preserve. The Picchetti bothers Secondo and Vincenzo for whom the ranch was named were among the earliest settlers to plant grapes on this ridge which they named Monte Bello or beautiful mountain. This ridge was later to become one of Santa Clara County's important vineyard areas.
 Vester Egede Church (Danish: Vester Egede Kirke) is a Danish parish church in the Diocese of Roskilde Faxe Municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand. It is located some 10 km (6.2 mi) due west of Faxe. Today's building dates from 1876 although there is evidence of an earlier church on the site probably built during the Romanesque period.
 The Church of Saint George (Arabic: كنيسة القديس جيورجوس or كنيسة مار جريس‎ Hebrew: כנסיית גאורגיוס הקדוש קוטל הדרקון) is the major shrine for the fourth-century Christian martyr Saint George (الخضر Al-Khidr in Arabic) and is located in Lod Israel.
 Uspenski Cathedral (Finnish: Uspenskin katedraali Swedish: Uspenskij-katedralen Russian: Успенский собор Uspenskij sobor) is an Eastern Orthodox cathedral in Helsinki Finland dedicated to the Dormition of the Theotokos (the Virgin Mary). Its name comes from the Old Church Slavonic word uspenie which denotes the Dormition. Designed by the Russian architect Aleksey Gornostayev (1808–1862).
 Clifton Avenue Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on December 8 1978. It contains 38 contributing buildings.
 The Agriculture Building is a state government building located in Raleigh North Carolina. Built in 1921 it is an example of Classical Revival architecture.The Agriculture Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Silver Pagoda is located on the south side of the Royal Palace Phnom Penh. Formerly it was known as Wat Ubosoth Ratanaram. The temple's official name is Preah Vihear Preah Keo Morakot but is commonly referred to as Wat Preah Keo in Khmer. The vihara houses many national treasures such as gold and jeweled Buddha statues.
 The Tank Museum (previously The Bovington Tank Museum) is a collection of armoured fighting vehicles at Bovington Camp in Dorset South West England. It is about 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the village of Wool and 12 miles (19 km) west of the major port of Poole. The collection traces the history of the tank. With almost 300 vehicles on exhibition from 26 countries it is the largest collection of tanks and the second largest collection of armoured vehicles in the world.
 Barnes-Wellford House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was designed in the 1920s by English-born architect Fred Crowthers for Bernard Barnes a leading Charleston businessman. The cottage size home is in the English Tudor style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 The Leopold Museum housed in the Museumsquartier in Vienna Austria is home to one of the largest collections of modern Austrian art featuring artists such as Egon Schiele Gustav Klimt Oskar Kokoschka and Richard Gerstl.It contains the world's largest Egon Schiele Collection.The more than 5000 exhibits collected by Elisabeth and Rudolf Leopold over five decades were consolidated in 1994 with the assistance of the Republic of Austria and the National Bank of Austria into the Leopold Museum Private Foundation. 
 Heojun Museum is a municipal museum in Gayang 2-dong Gangseo-gu Seoul South Korea to commemorate the legacy of Heo Jun (1546–1615) a court physician during the reign of King Seonjo (r. 1567 – 1608) of the mid Joseon Dynasty of Korea.
 The Glendale School of Reno Nevada is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1864 and served as a school until 1958. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It was deemed significant as the first educational institution in the Truckee Meadows area where in 1857 Charles C. Gates and John F. Stone created a rope ferry across the Truckee River and opened a trading post leading to further development.
 The Bonaventura Heinz House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. Another house was also attributed to him Bonaventura Heinz House (first) which was also listed on the NRHP in 1983. It was delisted in 2005.
 For other churches with the same or similar name please see Saint Andrew Church.Saint Andrew Orthodox Christian Church is a parish church of the Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America an Archdiocese of the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Antioch and All the East.
 Westfield Stratford City is a shopping centre in Stratford London owned by the Westfield Group. The centre opened on 13 September 2011. With a total retail floor area of 1883700 square feet (175000 m2) it is one of the largest urban shopping centres in Europe. It is the third-largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail space behind the MetroCentre and the Trafford Centre.
 The Martin Farmstead is a historic building in Washington Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Kremlin Presidium (Russian: Административный корпус Кремля) also known as Building 14 (Russian: 14-й корпус) is a building within the grounds of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia. Constructed in 1934 it formerly housed the Supreme Soviet the highest legislative body of the Soviet Union.
 The Cabin Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of six simple rustic buildings located in the Deschutes National Forest in central Oregon. It was originally built as a district ranger station for the Fort Rock Ranger District. It was later converted to a summer guard station. The guard station is now closed but the adjacent campground is open. While still very remote it is a popular location for bird watching and nature photography.
 Rouen Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Rouen) is a Roman Catholic Gothic cathedral in Rouen in northwestern France. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Rouen and Normandy.
 Littlecote House is a large Elizabethan country house and estate in the civil parishes of Ramsbury and Chilton Foliat in the English county of Wiltshire (the latter formerly Berkshire) near to Hungerford. The estate includes 34 hectares of historic parklands and gardens including a walled garden from the 17th and 18th centuries. In its grounds is Littlecote Roman Villa.
 Fort Banks Mortar Battery is a historic mortar battery on Kennedy Drive in Winthrop Massachusetts that was part of the old Fort Banks. It was originally built in 1892 and named for the Civil War general and congressman Nathaniel P. Banks It consisted of four concrete pits arranged in a square each of which had four 12 inch (300mm) diameter mortars which could throw an 800 pound (350 kg) shell 9 miles (14 km) to sea. The combination was known as an Abbott Quad.
 Gornjak Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Горњак) is a 14th-century Serbian Orthodox monastery located in the vicinity of today's city of Petrovac na Mlavi Serbia.Gornjak monastery is located in Gornjacka gorge between Žagubica and Petrovac na Mlavi. Construction of the monastery was finished in 1380 by Starats (Elder) Grigorije and his brethren and the founder was king Lazar of Serbia.It was rather early that the monastery was mentioned in Turkish documents -- in the 1520s and 1530s.
 The Museum of the War of Chinese People's Resistance Against Japanese Aggression (simplified Chinese: 中国人民抗日战争纪念馆; traditional Chinese: 中國人民抗日戰爭紀念館; pinyin: zhōng guó rén mín kàng rì zhàn zhēng jì niàn guǎn) is a museum and memorial hall in Beijing. It is the most comprehensive museum in China about Sino-Japanese War. The museum is located inside the Wanping Fortress near the Lu Gou Bridge (Marco Polo Bridge) in Beijing's Fengtai District where the Japanese army waged the invading war.
 Oko Tower 1 is a skyscraper under construction in Moscow Russia.The OKO is the new skyscraper by Capital Group in MIBC Moscow City. The OKO is designed by American architectural bureau SOM (Skidmore Owings and Merrill) and consists of an 85-storey skyscraper and a 49-storey office tower that soar from a 7-story single transparent crystalline structure at the base of the complex embracing all the best for ultimate living business and entertainment.
 Grandview Medical Center is a 317-bed teaching hospital located on the west-side of Dayton Ohio in the historic neighborhood of Five Oaks. Founded in 1926 Grandview Medical Center is a part of the Kettering Health Network. It is also the parent hospital to Southview Medical Center in Centerville Ohio. Grandview Medical Center is one of the largest osteopathic teaching hospital in the United States operating several residency training and fellowship programs for osteopathic physicians (DO).
 Corner in Celebrities Historic District is a neighborhood located in the north section of Frankfort Kentucky that is designated an historic district because of the high concentration of structures that previously belonged to notable residents. The area contains the historic homes of George M. Bibb Benjamin G. Brown James Brown John Brown John J. Crittenden Thomas Crittenden James Harlan John Marshall Harlan Robert P.
 Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church is a Lutheran church located in Boise Idaho. The church was organized on January 22 1906 as the Swedish Lutheran Church of the Augustana Synod. It was associated with the Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church a Lutheran church body founded by Swedish immigrants. The current church building was built in 1908 and was dedicated on September 22 1915. Because the founders were Scandinavian the church services were first held in the Swedish language.
 The Wimbish House owned and operated by The Atlanta Woman's Club located at 1150 Peachtree St. NE. in Atlanta Georgia was built in 1922. It was designed by architect Walter T. Downing and is also a work of P. Thornton Mayre. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It has also been known as Peachtree Playhouse and as Community Playhouse.
 The Fountain House is located in the borough of Doylestown Pennsylvania in the central commercial district. The four-story building is steeped in local history and is a major landmark of the Bucks County area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Flour Exchange Building is an office building in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota designed by architects Long and Kees who also designed Minneapolis City Hall and the Lumber Exchange Building. Construction originally began in 1892 but halted abruptly in 1893 after only four floors had been built. This was due to the effects of the Panic of 1893. Construction resumed later and the building was completed in 1909 with eleven stories.
 DeFerriere House is a historic home located at Oneida in Madison County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story frame Greek Revival–style U-shaped dwelling.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Stewart's Department Store also known as the Posner Building is a historic department store building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. Catholic Relief Services is currently headquartered there.
 Modern Apizza is an American pizza restaurant in New Haven Connecticut.
 The Owen Chapel Church of Christ is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was built in c.1860 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Greek Revival and Vernacular Greek Revival architecture.As of 1988 it was one of only two brick churches in Williamson County that were built before the American Civil War and survived besides churches in the city of Franklin.
 The Laing Art Gallery in Newcastle upon Tyne England is located on New Bridge Street. It was opened in 1904 and is now managed by Tyne & Wear Archives & Museums and sponsored by the Department for Culture Media and Sport. In front of the gallery is the Blue Carpet.The gallery collection contains paintings watercolours and decorative historical objects including Newcastle silver.
 St. Joseph's Metropolitan Cathedral also known as Palayam Palli is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the Archdiocese of Trivandrum. The first church was built here in 1873. The church was entended in the manner of a cross in 1912. The final stage of extension including the Gothic style facade and the bell-tower was completed in 1927. The three bells were brought from Belgium and were named Joseph Xavier and Aloysius in honour of St. Joseph the Patron of the Church St.
 The Art Building is an academic hall at Willamette University in Salem Oregon United States. Built in 1905 for the Willamette University College of Medicine it is the third oldest building on campus after Waller Hall and Gatke Hall. The Beaux-Arts style red-brick building stands three-stories tall and contains 14000 square feet (1300 m2) of space.
 La Fortaleza (The Fortress) is the current official residence of the Governor of Puerto Rico. It was built between 1533 and 1540 to defend the harbor of San Juan. The structure is also known as Palacio de Santa Catalina (Santa Catalina's Palace). It is the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the New World.
 The discovery of a boulder of high-grade iron ore by Leonidas Merritt in 1887 during a survey for the railroad which he brought to Duluth the Merritt brothers (“the Seven Iron Men”) established the Mountain Iron Mine in 1892 Mountain Iron Minnesota which represents the beginning of the exploitation of the Mesabi Range iron ore in the Iron Range of northeast Minnesota.
 The Cathedral Church of St Marie is the Roman Catholic cathedral in Sheffield England. It lies in a slightly hidden location just off the main shopping street in the city but signals its presence with a tall spire. It is an especially fine example of an English Roman Catholic Church with much fine interior decoration. Re-ordering of the Sanctuary following the Second Vatican Council has been sensitive.
 Church of Nativity of the Virgin is a Serbian Orthodox church in Drežnica Croatia.
 Not to be confused with the Church of St. Joseph in Greenwich Village or San Giuseppe’s Church (New York City) in Manhattan.The Church of St. Joseph of the Holy Family is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 401 West 125th Street at Morningside Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It is the oldest existing church in Harlem and above 44th Street in Manhattan.
 The Church of the Holy Cross' (Polish: Kościół św. Krzyża also Bazylika św. Krzyża Kościół świętokrzyski') is a Roman Catholic house of worship in Warsaw Poland. Located on Krakowskie Przedmieście opposite the main Warsaw University campus it is one of the most notable Baroque churches in Poland's capital. The Holy Cross Church is currently administered by the Missionary Friars of Vincent de Paul.
 The Manor House is an apartment building in the Edgewater neighborhood of Chicago Illinois USA. Built in 1908 it was designed by John Edmund Oldaker Pridmore in the Tudor Revival style. The building is commonly believed to be the former home of the British consul in Chicago although the Edgewater Historical Society has argued that there is no evidence for this claim.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Naval Undersea Museum is an official naval museum located at Keyport Washington USA. The museum is one of the 12 Navy museums that are operated by the Naval History & Heritage Command. The museum sits next to a branch of the Naval Undersea Warfare Center. According to the museum website its mission is to preserve collect and interpret Naval undersea history science and operations for the benefit of the U.S. Navy and the people of the United States.
 The Chincoteague Island Library is a historic U.S. building located at 4077 Main Street Chincoteague Virginia. This one story building was constructed in the 1890s. Initially it was a drug store and then in 1908 it became used as a barber shop. On July 4th 1995 it opened as a public library. It is the oldest commercial wood frame structure in Chincoteague.
 The Brangwyn Hall (Welsh: Neuadd y Brangwyn) is a concert venue in Swansea. It is named after the artist Frank Brangwyn whose famous panels originally intended for the House of Lords are displayed there.The Brangwyn Hall is part of the Swansea Guildhall complex and is used for awards ceremonies and social events as well as classical music concerts and rock concerts.
 Astley Priory was a priory in Worcestershire England.
 Gould House also known as the Greater Parkersburg Chamber of Commerce is a historic home located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1888 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling in an eclectic Late Victorian style. It consists of a central hipped block with projecting and intersecting gables and a hip roofed wing to the rear. It has housed the Chamber of Commerce since 1968.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Masjid Sabz or Green Mosque is a mosque in the city of Balkh in northern Afghanistan. It is believed to be have been commissioned by the then ruler of the Eastern Timurid Empire Shah Rukh or by his wife Goharshad.
 Port Oneida Rural Historic District is part of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore. It consists of a set of farms in the Leelanau Peninsula of Northern Michigan that are typical of Northern European settlers throughout the Midwestern United States in the later part of the 19th century.The district was farmed for over 100 years by local farmers of subsistence farms. The houses and fields were passed down through the families.
 Saint Joseph's Roman Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Mobile Alabama United States. It serves as the parish church for St. Joseph's Parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mobile. St. Joseph's Parish was established in 1857. The church was designed by the architectural firm of Diboll and Owen in a Gothic Revival style. It was completed in 1907.
 Miguel de Cervantes Health Care Centre (Miguel de Cervantes H.C.C.) is a building located at Alcalá de Henares (Madrid - Spain) which belongs to the Health Service of Madrid and it is assigned to direct public health care attention.
 Kingsway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 2810 Nostrand Ave. in Midwood Brooklyn New York New York. The Center complex includes the synagogue (1951) school block (1957) and catering hall wing (c. 1957). The synagogue features a series of 18 windows designed by Abstract Expressionist artist Adolph Gottlieb. It is a four story steel frame building with a brick faced facade that steps back from the property line as it rises.
 St Deiniol's Church Llanddaniel Fab is a small 19th-century parish church in the centre of Llanddaniel Fab a village in Anglesey north Wales. The first church in this location is said to have been established by St Deiniol Fab (to whom the church is dedicated) in 616. He was the son of St Deiniol the first Bishop of Bangor.
 Roscoe Village located in Coshocton Ohio United States is a restored Ohio and Erie Canal town that was once operated by the non-profit Roscoe Village Foundation. All individual shops and restaurants are now privately owned and operated as of 2005. The goal of the Foundation was to maintain some of the few historic buildings it owns in Roscoe Village. The Foundation also purports to promote education with regard to life along the Ohio and Erie Canal in the mid 19th century.
 The Musée Édith Piaf is a private museum dedicated to singer Édith Piaf located in the 11th arrondissement at 5 rue Crespin du Gast Paris France. It is open by appointment; admission is free.The museum was created by Bernard Marchois author of two Piaf biographies and occupies two rooms within a private apartment. It contains memorabilia including her china collection gold and platinum records dress and shoes photographs fan letters sheet music posters and recordings.
 The Integrated Science Center (ISC) is a science building located at The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg Virginia United States. The ISC houses the school’s undergraduate and graduate biology chemistry and psychology programs. Five separate instrument rooms are provided in the three-story building for spectroscopy GC-MS polymer X-ray and specialty instrumentation.
 The Robert Rensselaer Bartlett House is a house located in Astoria Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Newtonville Post Office is a historic post office building located at Newtonville in Albany County New York United States. It was built in 1852 as the First Baptist Church. It is a one story rectangular red brick building with a gable roof. The Rev. William Arthur father of President Chester Alan Arthur lived at Newtonville from 1855 to 1863 and according to tradition is believed to have preached in the church.
 The Meeting House of the Second Parish in Woburn is a historic Congregational church at 12 Lexington Street in Burlington Massachusetts. Built in 1732 it is one of the oldest religious structures in Massachusetts and one of a small number of pre-19th century church buildings. It was redesigned in 1846 to bring it into the then-popular Greek Revival style extending it in length and adding a somewhat Gothic-looking steeple.
 The Desert View Tower is located on Interstate 8 near Jacumba and Ocotillo in western Imperial County Southern California. It is at 3000 feet (910 m) in elevation in the In-Ko-Pah Mountains.The stone tower was built from 1922 to 1928 as a roadside attraction by Bert Vaughn a real estate developer who owned Jacumba. The three story tower houses a museum and has an observation deck on its upper level.
 The Hiroshima City Transportation Museum (広島市交通科学館 Hiroshima-shi Kōtsū Kagakukan) is a transport museum in Hiroshima Japan.
 Fallingwater or Kaufmann Residence is a house designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1935 in rural southwestern Pennsylvania 43 miles (69 km) southeast of Pittsburgh.
 JRG Halad Museum is a musically-themed museum in Cebu City Philippines that pays homage to the musical heritage of Cebu.
 3 World Trade Center (also known as 175 Greenwich Street) is a skyscraper under construction as part of the rebuilding of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan New York City. The project lies on the east side of Greenwich Street across the street from the previous location of the Twin Towers which were destroyed during the September 11 attacks.
 The Jakismani monastery (Georgian: ჯაყისმანის მონასტერი jak'ismanis monasteri also spelled Jaqismani) is a medieval monastic church in Georgia some 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the town of Vale Akhaltsikhe Municipality Samtskhe-Javakheti region. It was repopulated by monks in 2010.
 The Hotel Marshall is the tallest building though not the tallest structure in Marshall the seat of Harrison County Texas. The building was constructed about 1929 and is noted for its art-deco elements. In actuality it draws from several styles that were popular at the time. The hotel was originally called The Marshall and was one of three (The Kaufman in Kaufman and The Gibraltar in Paris) of the Pethybridge Hotel Co. ventures in East Texas.
 Epiphany Lutheran Church is a congregation in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) located in the western community of Lake Worth Florida. It serves the communities of Lake Worth Wellington Royal Palm Beach The Acreage and is in the Florida-Georgia District of the LCMS. The church offers both traditional and contemporary services and runs the Early Learning Center preschool. It was founded in 1974.
 Dr. Walter Brice House and Office is a historic plantation home and office located near Winnsboro Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story weatherboarded frame L-shaped Greek Revival style building with a side gabled roof and exterior end chimneys. It features a two-tiered pedimented verandah on the center front with a plain balustrade and four wooden pillars on both levels. The Dr.
 Södertuna Castle is a hotel and former castle in Gnesta Municipality Sweden. It dates to the 14th century and is now a luxury hotel and conference center. The main building is of medieval origin but was updated during the 17th century and the late 18th century. The last major renovation was in 1892.
 Mount Sinai Medical Center is a 319-bed major urban hospital in Chicago Illinois with its main campus located adjacent to Douglas Park on the city's West Side. The hospital was established in 1912 under the name Maimonides Hospital with a mission of serving poor immigrants from Europe while providing training to Jewish physicians primarily of Eastern European descent.
 The Wazir Khan Mosque (Punjabi/Urdu: مسجد وزیر خان Masjid Wazīr Khān) in Lahore Pakistan is famous for its extensive faience tile work. It has been described as 'a mole on the cheek of Lahore'. It was built in seven years starting around 1634–1635 AD during the reign of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jehan. It was built by Hakim Shaikh Ilm-ud-din Ansari a native of Chiniot who rose to be the court physician to Shah Jahan and a governor of Lahore.
 The Allen-West House is an historic house at 153 George Street in Barrington Rhode Island. The main block of the two story timber frame house was built c. 1763 by Joseph Allen. It is one of the older houses in Barrington hearkening to the days when it was still part of Swansea Massachusetts and is a well-preserved rare example of a vernacular square house plan.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Texarkana (FCI Texarkana) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Texarkana is located in northeast Texas near the Arkansas border 70 miles north of Shreveport Louisiana and 175 miles east of Dallas Texas.
 The Sedgwick County Courthouse located at 315 Cedar St. in Julesburg Colorado was built during 1938-39 by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).
 The African American Museum and Library at Oakland (AAMLO) is a museum and non-circulating library dedicated to preserving the history and experiences of African Americans in Northern California and the Bay Area. It contains an extensive archival collection of such artifacts as diaries correspondence photos and periodicals.
 St James' Church Broughton is in Great Cheetham Street East Broughton Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Salford the archdeaconry of Salford and the diocese of Manchester. Its benefice has been combined with those of St John the Evangelist Broughton and St Clement with St Matthias Lower Broughton.
 The City and Territory Museum is a museum in Vetralla Lazio central Italy. It was founded in 1992 by Enrico Guidoni and Elisabetta De Minicis. It is located where part of northern walls of Vetralla used to be.
 Roscoe Presbyterian Church and Westfield Flats Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery on Old NY 17 in Roscoe Sullivan County New York. The church was built about 1884 and is a simple rectangular wood frame building three bays wide and three bays deep with a large rear cross-gabled wing. It features a narrow engaged center entrance tower surmounted by a spire.
 The Egyptian Theatre also known as the Ada Theater at 700 West Main Street in Boise Idaho is a movie theater that opened in 1927.
 The F. Scott Fitzgerald House also known as Summit Terrace in Saint Paul Minnesota United States is part of a rowhouse designed by William H. Willcox and Clarence H. Johnston Sr. The house at 599 Summit Avenue is listed as a National Historic Landmark for its association with author F. Scott Fitzgerald. The design of the rowhouse was called the New York Style where each unit was given a distinctive character similar to rowhouses in eastern cities.
 Tail o’ the Pup was an iconic Los Angeles California hot dog stand actually shaped like a hot dog. Built in 1946 the small walk-up stand has been noted as a prime example of “mimetic”-type novelty architecture. It was one of the very last surviving mid-20th century buildings that were built in the shapes of the products they sold.
 The Auto Freight Transport Building of Oregon and Washington also known as East Side Terminal and Eastbank Commerce Center in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a four-story commercial structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Walt Disney Family Museum is an American museum that features the life and legacy of Walt Disney. The museum is located in The Presidio of San Francisco part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in San Francisco. The museum retrofitted and expanded three existing historic buildings on the Presidio’s Main Post.
 The Church of the Holy Name in Toronto Ontario Canada is a historic church built during 1913 to 1926. The church was designed by architect Arthur W. Holmes to resemble the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome. It is asserted to be unchallenged as the Danforth’s most impressive architectural landmark.The Church of the Holy Name is located on The Danforth slightly west of Pape Avenue. Historically Danforth Avenue started off as a sleepy byway with large stretches of open fields.
 The French-England House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1900. It was designed by Charles L. Thompson in Colonial Revival style. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982 for its architecture.
 Gen. Albert Gallatin Jenkins House also known as Green Bottom is a historic home located near Green Bottom Cabell County West Virginia. It was built about 1835 and is a 2 1/2 story rectangular brick dwelling in a late period Federal style. It sits on a sandstone foundation and the interior has a center hall single pile plan. The most prominent resident was 1850s lawyer and politician Albert Gallatin Jenkins (1830-1864).
 The Royal Shrewsbury Hospital is a teaching hospital in Shrewsbury Shropshire England. It forms the Shrewsbury site of the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust serving patients from Shropshire (including Telford and Wrekin) and Powys in conjunction with the Princess Royal Hospital in Telford.The hospital was founded in 1979 following the closure of the Royal Salop Infirmary that occupied a position in the centre of Shrewsbury.
 Marshlands also known as James Robert Verdier House is a house in Beaufort South Carolina. It was the home of Dr. James Robert Verdier who discovered a treatment for yellow fever.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.The South Carolina Department of Archives and History summary is here.
 St. Stephen's Episcopal Church (also known as Chandler Seventh-Day Adventist Church) is a historic church building at 812 Blaine Avenue in Chandler Oklahoma.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 The Ritz London is a 5-star hotel located in Piccadilly in London England.
 The Sofra (English: dining table) is a restaurant chain in London United Kingdom which serves Turkish cuisine. The chef patron is Hüseyin Özer. It was established in 1981 as a small restaurant which turned later into a chain of restaurants currently in Covent Garden Mayfair and St Christopher's Place off Oxford Street.
 St. Philip is a Roman Catholic church in Norwalk Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Mystic Valley Parkway is a parkway in Arlington Medford Somerville and Winchester Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and forms part of Route 16.The parkway runs roughly north-south from the Middlesex Fells in Winchester down the Aberjona River valley and along the east side of the Mystic Lakes into Medford. This section follows the path of the old Middlesex Canal.
 Tartu Town Hall (Estonian: Tartu raekoda) is the seat of the city government of Tartu Estonia. It is located on Town hall square in the city centre.
 Harris-Poindexter House and Store is a historic home store and farm complex located at Mineral Louisa County Virginia. The house was built about 1837 and is a two-story three bay frame farmhouse in the Greek Revival style. The store was built about 1865 and is one-story frame building.Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse (c. 1893) tenant house (Doll House) (c.
 Carbonell Condominium is a residential high-rise building located in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami Florida. The tower is one of the tallest buildings located on Brickell Key a small island located due east of Brickell at the mouth of the Miami River in Biscayne Bay. Standing at 410 feet (125 meters) the building is currently tied with Two Tequesta Point as the 88th-tallest building in the city. The building's address is 901 Brickell Key Boulevard.
 The Bear Lake County Courthouse in Paris Idaho United States was built in 1884. It was designed by Truman O. Angell. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 NBC Building is the 29th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. The 23-story skyscraper has a height of 339 ft (103 m) and is located in the Horton Plaza district of Downtown San Diego and is home to the area NBC owned and operated station. KNSD. The skyscraper utilizes a modern architectural style.
 Manchester Central corps of the Salvation Army is the main Salvation Army church (corps) in the city of Manchester.Located on the University of Manchester campus the corps has a strong African flavour with a number of the congregation coming from Zimbabwe together with its Shona-speaking choir.
 Rufflets Hotel is a 5 star hotel near St. Andrews Fife Scotland.
 Au Pied de Cochon is a restaurant in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 536 Duluth Street East in the borough of Le Plateau-Mont-Royal. It was founded by chef Martin Picard in 2001.
 Public School 15 is a historic school located at Eastchester in the Bronx New York City. It was built in 1877 in the Victorian Gothic style. It is an H shaped red brick building on a stone foundation. It features a central picturesque bell tower with a steep pyramidal roof topped by a weather vane. It ceased use as a school in the late 1970s and serves as a child care center.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Temple Kol Ami is a Reform Jewish congregation in Thornhill Ontario Canada.The congregation was founded in 1988 by a small group of families. Their vision was to establish a Reform synagogue that was inclusive and welcoming where prayer was joyous personal and meaningful; and so Kol Ami began. The first services were held in members' homes and later at the Dufferin Clark Community Centre.In 1990 Rabbi Nancy Wechsler joined the congregation as its first rabbi.
 The Museu Comarcal de la Garrotxa (Regional Museum of Garrotxa) is a museum in Olot Catalonia Spain. It is associated with the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona; the other institutions in this association are the Biblioteca Museu Víctor Balaguer (Vilanova i la Geltrú) and the Cau Ferrat (Sitges).
 Arroyo Grande Community Hospital is a hospital in Arroyo Grande California United States. It is part of the Catholic Healthcare West system.
 The Melody Inn (also known as The Mel) is a bar and live music club in the Butler-Tarkington neighborhood of Indianapolis Indiana United States. It is estimated that over 7000 bands and musical acts have played the Melody Inn since 2001.
 The Granite Keystone Bridge is a historic bridge that carries Granite Street (Massachusetts Route 127) over the former railroad that transported granite from Pigeon Hill to Granite Pier in Rockport Massachusetts. The bridge arch was built in 1872 in eleven weeks. Its single arch spans 65 feet (20 m) and is 32 feet (9.8 m) wide. The granite below took an additional four years to be cleared for the rail bed.The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Willamette Falls Locks are a lock system on the Willamette River in the US state of Oregon.
 Chenocetah Fire Tower is a historic fire tower in the Chenocetah Mountains Cornelia Georgia Habersham County Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 11 1984. The tower was built in 1937 as part of a public works program by the Farm Security Administration's Resettlement Administration in effort to move and employ impoverished farmers. The purpose of the building was to allow fire fighters to spot fires in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 Huntington Memorial Hospital is a 635-bed not-for-profit hospital in Pasadena California.
 Hall Prison (Swedish: Anstalten Hall) is a prison facility 5 kilometres southeast of Södertälje Sweden. The prison is one of the biggest in Sweden and is categorised as an A-prison.
 Canelo Ranger Station also known as Canelo Work Station near Canelo Arizona was built in 1932 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service Architects in Bungalow/Craftsman style. The listing included five contributing buildings on a 3-acre (1.2 ha) property. Historic uses include as institutional housing and as government office space.
 St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: Ϯⲉⲕ'ⲕⲗⲏⲥⲓⲁ ⳿ⲛⲣⲉⲙ⳿ⲛⲭⲏⲙⲓ ⳿ⲛⲟⲣⲑⲟⲇⲟⲝⲟⲥ ⳿ⲛⲧⲉ ⲫⲏⲉⲑⲟⲩⲁⲃ Ⲙⲁⲣⲕⲟⲥ // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos) is notably the first Coptic Orthodox church in the United States located at Jersey City New Jersey. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
 Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1953 and completed in 1954 the John and Syd Dobkins House is one of three Wright-designed Usonian houses in Canton Ohio. Located farther east than the Nathan Rubin Residence and the Ellis A. Feiman House it is set back from the road has tall thin casement windows and prominent doors that rise to nearly the roofline. Its distinctive geometric design module based upon an equilateral triangle reflects Wright's Usonian design philosophy.
 Riverside Museum at Blake's Lock is a museum located at Blake's Lock in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It tells the story of Reading's two rivers the Kennet and the Thames.The museum occupies two former industrial buildings the Screen House and the Turbine House. Exhibits include a gypsy caravan and information about the Romani people a medieval mill wheel preserved turbine machinery and seasonal art exhibits.
 For the swing bridge over the River Hull UK see Wilmington Swing Bridge HullWilmington Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge over the Ausable River at Wilmington in Essex County New York. It was built in 1934 and is an arch bridge faced with stone 37 feet wide and spanning 160 feet (two 70 feet arch spans) at roughly 24 feet 8 inches above water level.
 The Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital (NNUH) is a National Health Service academic teaching hospital located on the Norwich Research Park off the A11 road and the Watton Road (B1108) on the southern outskirts of Norwich England.The university hospital replaced the former Norfolk and Norwich Hospital which was founded in 1771 and the West Norwich Hospital.
 The Staatstheater Mainz (Mainz State Theatre) is a theatre in Mainz Germany which is owned and operated by the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. Situated on the Gutenbergplatz the complex comprises two theatres which are connected by an underground passage and also by skywalk. Performances of opera drama and ballet are presented.The main building was constructed between 1829 and 1833 by Georg Moller in the Neo-Classical architectural style.
 The Kuwait National Museum is the national museum of Kuwait located in Kuwait City. It was established in 1983 and designed by architect Michel Ecochard.The museum comprises four buildings in a rectangular plan set around a central garden.
 St. Paul's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Mdina in Malta. It is built on the site where governor Publius was reported to have met Saint Paul following his shipwreck off the Maltese coast.
 The Port–Manning House is a historic home in Salem Oregon United States. The house was built in 1884 by Dr. Luke A Port. The house was designed after the Italianate Victorian style. Under threat of demolition it was moved from its downtown location to south of the city of Salem in 1975 where it currently is situated. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It currently is used as a private residence.
 The Willard Homestead is a house built in 1730 in the Newington Junction area of the town of Newington Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It is a center-chimney colonial structure.
 Mo Church (Norwegian: Mo kyrkje) is a parish church in Modalen municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Mo. The church is part of the Mo parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1883 by the architect Johannes Øvsthus. The church was consecrated on 11 July 1883. The church seats about 220 people.
 Neck Canal of 1730 is a historic navigation channel located at Marcy in Oneida County New York. It comprised the extant remains of a canal dug in 1730 to improve navigation along the Mohawk River. It was a short hand dug channel cut across one of the many oxbows that once characterized the river in the 18th and 19th century. The channel was three feet deep 20 feet wide and 200 feet long.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 St. Luke AME Church is a historic church at 2803 21st Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument is located in the U.S. state of New Mexico near Mountainair. The main park visitor center is in Mountainair.
 The Fashion Mall at Keystone known better as The Fashion Mall is an upscale shopping center in the northeast section of the city of Indianapolis Indiana. The mall is located off I-465 at 86th Street and Keystone. The mall is considered the heart of the Keystone at the Crossing district. Developed managed and owned by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group the center is currently anchored by Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue.
 Frissiras Museum is a contemporary painting museum in Plaka Athens Greece. It was founded and endowed by Vlassis Frissiras an art-collecting lawyer. Its permanent collection consists of 3000 paintings and sculptures by Greek and other European artists on the subject of the human form.
 Samaritan Lebanon Community Hospital is a 49-bed general care facility located in Lebanon Oregon United States. It provides services to eastern Linn County.This facility is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO).
 Vosburg Turning Mill is a historic mill complex located near Woodstock NY.
 World Trade Center San Salvador (WTCSS) is a complex of buildings located in San Salvador El Salvador. It consists in 3 towers: two of 8 floors each with 13000 m² of profitable area for offices and the Torre Futura of 20 floors. The first two towers have maintained a 100% of occupancy by multinational prestigious companies and embassies.
 Buck's Upper Mill Farm also known as Henry Buck House is a historic home located at Bucksville in Horry County South Carolina. The house was built about 1838 and is a typical two-story central hall framed farmhouse or I-House. The front façade features a full-length one-story porch with a shed roof supported by six square posts.
 Watts Gallery is an art gallery in the village of Compton near Guildford in Surrey. It is dedicated to the work of the Victorian-era painter and sculptor George Frederic Watts.Watts moved to Limnerslease in Compton in 1891 and with his artist wife Mary Fraser-Tytler planned a museum devoted to his work which opened in April 1904 just before his death.The architect of the Gallery was Christopher Hatton Turnor an admirer of Edwin Lutyens and C. F. A. Voysey.
 St James' Church Poolstock is in the Poolstock district of Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Jacob F. Markle Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay stone dwelling built about 1770 upon a linear plan. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story gable-front frame shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Alexander Dallas Bache School is a historic school building located in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Lloyd Titus and built in 1905-1906. It is a three-story L-shaped stone building in the Romanesque-style. It features a central projecting gable elaborate arched window.
 Danville Meetinghouse (also known as The Hawke Meetinghouse) is a historic meeting house on N. Main Street in Danville New Hampshire.The meeting house was built around 1755. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is one of the oldest meeting houses in New Hampshire in its original form.
 St. Mathew's Church (Danish: Sankt Mathæus Kirke) is the oldest and largest church in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Arthur H. Compton House located at 5637 South Woodlawn Avenue in Chicago Illinois was the residence of professor Arthur Compton from the late 1920s until 1945. Arthur Compton was a physicist who discovered the Compton Effect proving that light has both a particle and a wave aspect. Compton received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1927 for this discovery.
 The Hiram Baldwin House also known as the Baldwin-Wackerle Residence is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Kenilworth Illinois in 1905.
 Weybourne Priory was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England.
 Doyle Hardware Building is a historic factory building located at Utica in Oneida County New York. It was built in three sections between 1881 and 1901. The entire four story complex is approximately 100 feet by 260 feet. It was a work of Utica architect Frederick H.
 The Pio Monte della Misericordia is a church in the historic center of Naples southern Italy.
 The Central Library is the headquarters for the Milwaukee Public Library System as well as for the Milwaukee County Federated Library System.
 The Ss.
 Nickerson Mansion is a historic house at 2871 Main Street in Brewster Massachusetts.The house was built in 1906 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 The Temple Society of Concord commonly referred to as Temple Concord is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 910 Madison Street Syracuse New York. Temple Concord a member of the Union for Reform Judaism is the ninth oldest still-active Jewish congregation in the United States. Temple Concord is the leading Reform synagogue in Central New York and maintains the largest Jewish religious school in the region.
 Noma is a two Michelin star restaurant run by chef René Redzepi in Copenhagen Denmark. The name is a portmanteau of the two Danish words nordisk (Nordic) and mad (food). Opened in 2003 the restaurant is known for its reinvention and interpretation of the Nordic Cuisine. In 2010 2011 2012 and 2014 it has been ranked as the Best Restaurant in the World by Restaurant magazine.
 The Barnes and Thornburg Building is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana originally known as the Merchants National Bank Building. In 1905 that bank engaged the architectural firm of D. H. Burnham & Company of Chicago to design a new bank headquarters on the southeastern corner of the Washington and Meridian streets the most important intersection in Indianapolis.
 Holy Trinity Roman Catholic Church Complex is a historic Polish Roman Catholic church located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. The complex was constructed between 1906 and 1914 and consists of the church school rectory convent and garage. The church is built of random course stone walls and has a steeply pitched slate shingled gable roof.
 St Martin's Church Bowness-on-Windermere stands in the centre of the town of Bowness-on-Windermere Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Lachine Hospital (French: Hôpital de Lachine) is a public hospital in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 650 16th Avenue in the borough of Lachine (at the corner of Saint Antoine Street). It is the only French-language hospital on the western portion of the Island of Montreal.
 William J. Samford Hall is a structure on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn Alabama. It is an icon of Auburn University and houses the school's administration. The building is named for William J. Samford the Governor of Alabama from 1900 to 1901.
 The Modern Transportation Museum (交通科学博物館 Kōtsū Kagaku Hakubutsukan) is the corporate museum operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in Minato-ku Osaka Japan. It opened on 21 January 1962 next to Bentencho Station on the Osaka Loop Line.
 Fort Amiel Museum is in Newcastle KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.Fort Amiel was constructed in 1876 by Major Charles Frederick Amiel and soldiers of the 80th Staffordshire Volunteers.
 Kaiser Westside Medical Center is a hospital in the Tanasbourne neighborhood in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon. Opened in August 2013 with 126 hospital beds the Kaiser Permanente facility is planned to later expand to 174 beds. It was designed by Ellerbe Becket Architects and Petersen Kolberg & Associates Architects/Planners. The $220 million hospital includes Kaiser’s Sunset Medical Office that opened in 1987 on the west side of the Portland metropolitan area.
 Albion Flats (sometimes referred to as Albion Terrace or simply The Albion) is a housing unit in downtown Evansville Indiana built in 1911 as part of a trend to reform crowded living conditions for the working class. It was named after Albion Fellows Bacon a famed advocate of improved public housing standards. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Vanderbilt Lane Historic District is a small area along the street of the same name just east of US 9 in Hyde Park New York United States. It was used for the farm functions of the nearby estate of Walter Langdon and later Frederick Vanderbilt. Most of its buildings date to the turn of the 19th century with one remaining from the 1830s.Many of its buildings and infrastructure remain intact.
 The Annunciation Cathedral is a Greek Orthodox Cathedral located in Atlanta Georgia. It is the seat of the Archbishop of the Metropolis of Atlanta in the Southeastern United States. The church is known for the rich background and extravagant decoration on both the interior and exterior of the church. The original membership of the parish was 72. The current membership includes over 1200 families.
 The Hall House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1928. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ravenscrag was a mansion built between 1860 and 1863 in the Golden Square Mile of Montreal Quebec for Sir Hugh Allan. In 1940 his son Sir Montague Allan donated the property to the Royal Victoria Hospital for use as a medical facility when its famously sumptuous interior was completely stripped and gutted. Today the building is known as the Allan Memorial Institute and is part of the McGill University Faculty of Medicine.
 The building at 302 Washington St. in Oregon Illinois is part of trio of historic Italianate commercial buildings within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District from 300-306 Washington. The structure acts mostly as a hallway area between the buildings at 300 Washington St. and the F.G. Jones Block. The interior and exterior have been significantly restored on all three buildings.
 Old Cedar Baptist Church is a historic church in Owenton Kentucky.It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 St. Luke's International Hospital (財団法人 聖路加国際病院) is a general hospital located in the Tsukiji district of Chūō Tokyo Japan. It was founded in 1902 by Rudolph Bolling Teusler a missionary doctor sent by the American Episcopal Church.
 St Columba's Church is one of the two London congregations of the Church of Scotland. The church building designed by Sir Edward Maufe is located in Pont Street Knightsbridge near Harrod's department store.
 The Central Pacific Railroad Depot in Lovelock Nevada was built in 1880 in the Stick style or Eastlake style functioning as the principal point of access to the town in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Barker Mill is an historic mill at 143 Mill Street in Auburn Maine.The mill was built in 1873 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The buildings were renovated and converted into residential housing.
 Mather House also known as Flora Mather House is a college building at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland Ohio It was built as a dormitory for the Flora Stone Mather College for Women of Western Reserve University and currently currently houses classrooms and offices for the university's departments of art history classics history political science and religion.It was built during 1913-1915. It was designed by architect Abram Garfield and was built by contractor Roderick D.
 Dragon Run Farm is a historic farm located at Kirkwood New Castle County Delaware. The property includes three contributing buildings. They are a frame house (c. 1845) a large frame barn and a wooden shed. The house is a two story L-shaped five bay gable-roofed dwelling.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Odd Fellows' Hall is a historic Odd Fellows' hall at 1-5 State Street on the Buckland side of Shelburne Falls Massachusetts. It is a focal point of the business district on the Buckland side of the village. The Odd Fellows built the building in 1877 to replace one that had been destroyed by fire at a different location. The 1877 building was also destroyed by fire in 1895 but the Odd Fellows rebuilt it.
 Tarsus Museum is a museum in Tarsus Mersin Province in Turkey.
 The Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham is an NHS hospital in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham situated very close to the University of Birmingham. The hospital which cost £545 million to construct opened in June 2010 replacing the previous Queen Elizabeth Hospital and Selly Oak Hospital.
 The Farnborough Air Sciences Trust (FAST) museum holds a collection of aircraft wind tunnel and Royal Aircraft Establishment-related material. It is based in Farnborough Hampshire immediately adjacent to Farnborough Airfield on the A325 Farnborough Road.Part of the collection is housed in Trenchard House which includes a library an archive and a store. There are aircraft on display some of which have had significant design and/or development contribution from Farnborough.
 Schathoes Verhildersum is a former restaurant in Leens in the Netherlands on the estate of Verhildersum. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2004-2012.Owner and head chef of Schathoes Verhildersum was Dick Soek. He took over the Piloersemaborg in 2005 owning and running two restaurants. In 2012 for practical and economical reasons he moved the restaurant and all staff from Leens to Den Ham continuing his enterprise on one location.
 The Shandao Temple (Chinese: 善導寺; pinyin: Shàndǎosì) is a temple in Zhongzheng District Taipei Taiwan. It is the largest Buddhist temple in Taipei.
 The Montvale Hotel is a boutique hotel in Spokane Washington. Originally built in 1899 as an SRO (Single Room Occupancy Hotel) the Montvale Hotel also served Spokane as an apartment building a brothel and as a youth hostel during Expo '74 and then was abandoned for 30 years. It was restored and re-opened in January 2005 as a 36 room boutique hotel becoming one of Spokane's premier hotels with The Davenport Hotel and the Hotel Lusso.
 Margots also known as Eagle's Nest Eagles Lodge and Claybancke is a historic home located near Tettington Charles City County Virginia. It was originally built about 1700 as a 1 1/2-story three-bay brick structure above a basement until raised by addition of a frame second story in the 19th century. The house measures 44 feet 4 inches by 20 feet 8 inches. It is one of a few surviving circa 1700 medium-sized houses of Tidewater Virginia.
 Richland Mall is a 708249-square-foot (65798.5 m2) regional shopping mall in Waco Texas owned by CBL & Associates Properties located on 77 acres (31 ha). The mall opened in 1980. It has 95 stores with four anchors. The mall contains two Dillard's stores one of which was originally H. J. Wilson Co. and later Service Merchandise.
 The Odd Fellows Building in Red Bluff California was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Thomas I. Stoner House in Des Moines Iowa also known as The Highlands was designed by Wetherell & Harrison and was built in 1931. It includes elements of Spanish Eclectic and Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Comerica Bank Building is an office building located at 101 North Washington Square in downtown Lansing Michigan. With 15 floors it is the third tallest building in Lansing after the Boji Tower and Grand Tower.
 The Milwaukee Avenue Historic District is a historic district in Minneapolis Minnesota in the Seward neighborhood. The district comprises two city blocks of small homes on quarter-sized lots. These houses were built between 1884 and 1890 by William Ragan a Minneapolis real estate speculator. Built for lower-income residents the houses had deteriorated in condition by the end of World War II and by the 1970s were planned for demolition.
 The Oscar Niemeyer International Cultural Centre or Centro Niemeyer (Spanish: Centro Cultural Internacional Oscar Niemeyer) (popularly known as el Niemeyer) is the result of the combination of a cultural complex designed by the Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer and an international cultural project. The center is located on the estuary of Avilés Asturias (Spain).
 The Chapel of San Lorenzo Ruiz is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 378 Broome Street Manhattan New York City. The chapel was established in 2005. The address was the site of the Church of the Most Holy Crucifix (New York City) a church with a three-storey rectory built in 1925 for what was then an Italian congregation by Archbishop Patrick Joseph Hayes to designs by architect Robert J.
 10 Lafayette Square also known as the Tishman building is a high-rise office tower located in Lafayette Square Buffalo NY. Completed in 1959 it is the thirteenth tallest building in Buffalo standing at 263 feet (80 m) and 20 stories tall. The building is located adjacent to the Rand Building and built in the International Style. The structural frames for the building are not steel but concrete beams and columns. The building architects were Emery Roth & Sons of New York city.
 The Stone Jug is a historic house at the corner of NY 9G and Jug Road in Clermont New York United States. It dates to the mid-18th century and is largely intact although it has been expanded somewhat since then.It was built by Konradt Lasher a Palatine German immigrant to the area who first farmed as a tenant of Robert Livingston. Unusually in an area where brick was the favored material he chose stone.
 The Clayton County Courthouse located in Elkader Iowa United States was built in 1878. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Međimurje County Museum in Čakovec the seat of Međimurje County Croatia is located in the Zrinski Castle inner palace the biggest medieval fortification (later renewed several times) in the county close to the centre of the town and its main square.
 Comerford Theater also known as the Paramount Theater and now known as the F.M. Kirby Center for the Performing Arts is a historic movie theater located at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1937 and is an Art Deco-Moderne style theater building. The building takes an irregular trapezoidal shape. It is of steel frame and brick construction with a four bay wide terra cotta and marble front facade.
 Chestertown Historic District is a historic district in Chestertown Maryland. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970 and its area was increased in 1984. The town on the Chester River became the chief port for tobacco and wheat on the Eastern Shore of Maryland between 1750 and 1790. In consequence Chestertown acquired a collection of more than fifty Georgian style town houses.
 Bimbo's 365 Club also known as Bimbo's 365 is an entertainment club located at 1025 Columbus Avenue in San Francisco. It specializes in live rock and jazz shows. The location is one of San Francisco's oldest nightclub sites and has operated under two names with a series of owners. The building started as Bal Tabarin in 1931 the same year that the 365 Club started at 365 Market Street.
 The Pony Express Stables in St. Joseph Missouri marked the eastern terminus of the Pony Express.The stables are at 914 Penn Street. They are on the National Register of Historic Places and are now the home of the Pony Express Museum.
 The Château Fort Saint-Georges (or Château Fort de Mâlain) is a ruined castle in the commune of Mâlain in the Côte-d'Or département of France.The castle's origins are from the 11th century with major additions or alterations in the 14th 15th and 16th centuries. In 1390 the Saint-Georges chapel was built for Pierre de Montaigu. The dovecote and annexes have been remodelled certain parts of which date from the 15th and 16th centuries.
 The Miller Town Hall is a two-story brick building in the Miller Beach community in Gary Indiana in the United States. It was constructed to serve as the administrative building for the town of Miller incorporated in 1907 and was used for that purpose until Miller's annexation into Gary in 1918.
 The First Presbyterian Church at 304 S. Center St. in Lonoke Arkansas was built in 1919. It was designed by architect John Parks Almand in Tudor Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Mather Inn is a hotel in Ishpeming Michigan. The inn served as housing for the cast of the classic 1959 movie Anatomy of a Murder and was where Duke Ellington composed the movie's score. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The North Wisconsin Lumber Company Office is a historic building in Hayward Wisconsin. The office was built in 1889 by the North Wisconsin Lumber Company a prominent logging company in Wisconsin's Namekagon region which was founded by A.J. Hayward and R.L. McCormick. The building's design includes cast iron columns in its storefront tall windows with arched lintels and brick corbels and dentils.The office was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 7 1980.
 Avoca Lodge known as The Molly Brown Summer House is a Registered Historic Place in southwest Denver Colorado near Bear Creek. The home served as a summer retreat for philanthropist socialite and activist Margaret Brown and her husband James Joseph Brown.
 The American National Bank Building is a historic bank in Alamosa Colorado United States. It is located at 500 State Avenue. Built in 1909 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 15 1999.
 Kōfuku-ji (興福寺 Kōfuku-ji) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Nara Japan. The temple is the national headquarters of the Hossō school and is one of the eight Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
 Sobha Topaz is a super luxury residential skyscraper situated in Sobha City in Thrissur city of Kerala State. It is the tallest residential skyscraper in Thrissur city (97.90 metres with Helipad) and the second tallest residential building in Kerala State. The building consists of 216 luxury apartments in 27 storeys. It also boosts a helipad in the top of the building. The project is developed by Sobha Developers Ltd.
 The Sunrise Theatre (also known as the Sunrise Building) is a historic theater in Fort Pierce Florida. It is located at 117 South 2nd Street. Built in 1922 by builder C.E. Cahow the Sunrise Theatre was designed in the Mediterranean Revival Style by architect John N. Sherwood. The theatre earned its reputation for becoming the cultural center of the city of Fort Pierce as well as being the greatest and biggest cultural institution in Florida at the time. Opening day was August 1 1923.
 The Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum or in Spanish Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza (named after its founder) is an art museum in Madrid Spain located near the Prado Museum at one of city's main boulevards. It is known as part of the Golden Triangle of Art which also includes the Prado and the Reina Sofia national galleries.
 St Leonards-on-Sea Congregational Church is a former Congregational church in St Leonards-on-Sea part of the town and borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. Considered one of the most ambitious Nonconformist buildings in Sussex the sandstone building of 1863 forms a significant landmark on one of the Victorian resort's main roads—despite the loss of its copper spire in the Great Storm of 1987.
 The I.O.O.F. Hall in Challis Idaho was built in 1896. It is an Odd Fellows building and served historically as a clubhouse and as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is an example of Queen Anne architecture.
 The Golden Valley County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in the city of Beach in Golden Valley County North Dakota. The courthouse was built in 1923 in the Federal Revival style; it is one of two courthouses in North Dakota to have been built in this style the other being the Logan County Courthouse. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14 1985.
 Adas Israel located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood is the largest Conservative synagogue in Washington D.C. President Ulysses S. Grant attended the dedication of its first building in 1876—the first time a sitting United States President had attended a synagogue service. The original structure is the oldest surviving synagogue building in Washington D.C. and today the Lillian & Albert Small Jewish Museum.
 Seckau Abbey (German: Abbey of Our Lady) is a Benedictine monastery in Seckau in Styria Austria.
 Hatfield Marine Science Center (HMSC) is a marine science research and education center next to Yaquina Bay of the Pacific Ocean in the U.S state of Oregon. It is operated by Oregon State University (OSU) in cooperation with five state and federal agencies co-located on site. Named after Mark Hatfield a former U.S. Senator from Oregon the HMSC occupies a 49-acre (20 ha) site in Newport.
 The Ginn Gardener's House is a historic house at 22 Ginn Road in Winchester Massachusetts. It is one of two surviving outbuildings (the other is the carriage house) of the extensive Terrace of Oaks estate of publisher Edwin Ginn whose main house was demolished in 1946. The two story brick gardener's house built in 1900 shows the high quality of the estate and its Georgian Revival character. Its brickwork is laid in Flemish bond with a water table and trim elements of marble.
 The Capt. Oliver Bearse House is a historic house at 31 Pearl Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1841 and is a well-preserved local instance of Greek Revival styling. It has corner pilasters and an entablature that wraps around the main block. Its entry is flanked by sidelight windows and pilasters and topped by a heavy lintel and entablature.
 Medingen Abbey or Medingen Convent (German: Kloster Medingen) is a former Cistercian nunnery. Today it is a residence for women of the Protestant Lutheran faith (German: Damenstift) near the Lower Saxon town of Bad Bevensen and is managed by the Monastic Chamber of Hanover (Klosterkammer Hannover).
 The S. C. Dobson is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built about 1895 by James Lowery at Tilghman Maryland. She measures 33'-13⁄4 and has a beam of 6'-61⁄2. She has a longhead bow a sharp stern and a narrow straight-sided hull. With a Tilghman racing rig she races under No. 6.
 The Church of Our Lady of Remedy (Serbian Cyrillic: Црква Госпе од здравља or Црква Марије Колеђате) is an Roman Catholic church located in Kotor Montenegro. The church is perched on the slope of the St. John Mountain. The Church of Our Lady of Remedy dates from 1518. The church can only be reached on foot: the rocks and the stairs that lead to the structures on the slope make this church a difficult and time-consuming place to reach.
 The First United Methodist Church of Umatilla (listed as the Methodist Episcopal Church South at Umatilla) is an historic Methodist church in Umatilla Florida in the United States. It is located at 100 West Guerrant Street. On January 27 2000 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Castle Peak Hospital (Chinese: 青山醫院) is the oldest psychiatric hospital in Hong Kong. Located at the east of Castle Peak in Tuen Mun the hospital was established in 1961. Currently the Hospital has 1144 beds provides variety of psychiatric services such as general adult psychiatry forensic psychiatry psychogeriatric services Child & Adolescent Psychiatry rehabilitation consultation-liaison psychiatry substance abuse treatments etc.
 Pine Grove Community Church is a historic non-denominational Christian chapel located at Pine Grove in Lewis County New York. It was built in 1895 and is a two story wood frame building three bays in width and five bays deep. It features a projecting two storybell tower attached to the center of the main block.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 George Truog House is a historic home in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure built in 1903. The house was designed by local architect Wright Butler and built by George Truog proprietor of the Maryland Glass Etching Works in Cumberland from 1893-1911. It contains a unique collection of decorative glass.The George Truog House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church (Red Church) is a historic church at 4451 Second Street in Port Hope Michigan.It was built in 1880 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Grove Mansion also known as the Townsend Residence is a historic home located at Maytown in East Donegal Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1882 and 1887 and is a three-story three bay by four bay brick dwelling in the Second Empire style. It features a bell cast mansard roof with patterned red and gray slate.
 St Luke's Church Goostrey is in the village of Goostrey Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Swettenham.
 The Beulah School on 2nd St. NW in Beulah North Dakota was built in 1920. It has also been known as Beulah High School and as Beulah Middle School. It includes elements of International Style and Prairie School architecture.It is a work of Frederick Walcott Keith and it is a work of Herman Leonhard.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1997.
 The New York City Marble Cemetery is an historic cemetery founded in 1831 and located at 52-74 East 2nd Street between First and Second Avenues in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 Gilbane's Service Center Building is an historic site at 175-191 Pawtucket Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The site was built in 1931 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Deke House the Delta Kappa Epsilon or Deke House on the campus of Cornell University was built in 1893 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It was designed by William Henry Miller to serve as a fraternity house. Two trees which Theodore Roosevelt planted in front of the house are on the National Register of Historic Trees.It is located at 13 South Avenue in Ithaca New York.The original 1893 building was designed to house only 16 students.
 Longview Farm in Lee's Summit Missouri United States was built by Robert A. Long. In planning the farm Long again turned to Henry F. Hoit of Hoit Price and Barnes as he had designed Corinthian Hall and the R.A. Long Building. George Kessler was chosen as the landscape architect. The farm and over 50 other structures was built on 1780 acres. Construction started in 1913 and completed in 1914 taking just 18 months to complete.
 Col. William Peters Hepburn House also known as William P. Hepburn House was a home of William P. Hepburn. Hepburn an officer during the American Civil War. Later he was elected to U.S. Congress and he introduced the Hepburn Act of 1906. This act gave the Federal government the power to set railroad rates and was an important precedent in Federal regulation of private industry.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.
 St. Gabriel Roman Catholic Church is a historic church in St. Gabriel Louisiana.It was built in 1772 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 Westfield Chermside is the largest shopping centre in Queensland located in Brisbane's inner northern suburbs the third-largest in Australia behind Westfield Fountain Gate and Chadstone Shopping Centre both in Melbourne and is operated by the Westfield Group. Entertainment facilities include an Event Cinemas 16-screen cinema complex and a 26 lane Hyperbowl Bowling Centre.
 Balmville Cemetery is a historic cemetery located on the grounds of Mount Saint Mary College at Balmville in Orange County New York. It was established in the early 19th century. It contains approximately 115 graves most of which date from 1830 to 1860.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Lowville Masonic Temple is a historic Colonial Revival building located in Lowville New York. The building was constructed in 1928 as a meeting hall for the local Masonic lodge. In 2002 it was sold to the Lewis County Historical Society and is currently used as a local history museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 19 2012.
 Lloyd and Henry Warehouse also known as Laney's Feed Mill is a historic warehouse located at Huntingdon in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1863 and is 2 1/2-stories with a low pitched gable roof and full basement. It measures 97 by 35 feet (30 by 11 m). It was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad and originally located along the Pennsylvania Canal and railroad line.
 The Dr. Noble Wiley Jones House is a house located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood of southwest Portland Oregon. Built in 1911 the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The house was built for Dr. Noble Wiley Jones and his wife Nellie Sturtevant Jones.
 Mill Grove is a historic stone house in Audubon Pennsylvania on the National Register of Historic Places. It is the first home in America of painter John James Audubon for which the community is named. It is maintained as a museum and wildlife sanctuary by Montgomery County.Mill Grove was owned for 17 years by Audubon's father Jean a French sea captain.
 Reed Memorial Library is located at the junction of US 6 and NY 52 in Carmel New York United States. It is the oldest library building in Putnam County and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was built in 1914 by Arietta Crane Reed as a tribute to her late husband William Belden Reed an ardent supporter of the Literary Union of Carmel which operates the library.
 The first Lincoln County Courthouse also known as the Pioche Courthouse and the Old Lincoln County Courthouse in Pioche Nevada earned the title Million Dollar Courthouse after it cost $75000 to build in 1872 an amount equivalent to $1.48 million as of 2014 for a relatively small building. With added costs attributed to finance charges and fiscal mismanagement the cost in 1872 dollars came to over $800000 ($15.7 million as of 2014).
 Congregation Maghen Abraham in Montreal is a Sephardi Jewish Lebanese community located in the district of St-Kévin in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is named in honor of the Maghen Abraham Synagogue in Beirut Lebanon. Founded to meet the needs of those Jewish Lebanese families moving to Montreal. In the sanctuary Torah is read to the congregation from the bimah and the Torah scrolls are stored in the aron kodesh on the east wall.
 The Claysville S Bridge is a historic S bridge in Washington County Pennsylvania. The bridge is made of stone and was a part of the Cumberland Road (later National Road) and helped transport wagons and stagecoaches amid the American westward expansion in the early 1800s. It passes over Buffalo Creek.In 1947 the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission installed a historical marker noting the historic importance of the bridge.
 Bledsoe's Station (also called Bledsoe's Fort) was an 18th-century frontier fort located in what is now Castalian Springs Tennessee in the southeastern United States. The fort was built by long hunter and Sumner County pioneer Isaac Bledsoe (c. 1735–1793) in the early 1780s to protect Upper Cumberland settlers and migrants from hostile Native American attacks. While the fort is no longer standing its location has been verified by archaeological excavations.
 St. John’s Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. It is located in Keokuk Iowa United States at Fourth and Concert Streets and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse also known as Aisquith Street Meeting or Baltimore Meeting is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a two-story brick building which has undergone several alterations over the years. It is the oldest religious building in the city having been built in 1781 by contractor George Mathews.Old Town Friends' Meetinghouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Second Church of Christ is a historic church at 307 Main Street in Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Croydon Health Services NHS Trust runs Croydon University Hospital. It also provides services at Purley War Memorial Hospital in Purley. This hospital is located on the A235.Croydon University Hospital formerly Mayday Hospital is a large NHS hospital in the borough of Croydon in south London England.It is a District General Hospital with a 24-hour accident and emergency department. The hospital is based on a 19-acre (77000 m2) site in Thornton Heath to the north of central Croydon.
 The Telus Tower is an office building at 630 René Lévesque Boulevard West in Montreal. It was built for Canadian Industries Limited from 1960 to 1962 given the name CIL House. Designed by architect Gordon Bunshaft from the architectural firm Skidmore Owings and Merrill with local architects Greenspoon Freedlander and Dunne it stands 135.6 m (445 ft) and 34 storeys tall. In 1960 Bunshaft had recently completed his seminal work Lever House in New York City.
 The Melbourne Assessment Prison is an Australian remand and reception prison located in Spencer Street West Melbourne Victoria. The facility is operated by the Department of Justice of the Victorian Government.
 St Cuthbert's Church is an Anglican church in Churchtown Merseyside a village that is now a suburb of Southport in the English county of Merseyside. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool and the archdeaconry of Warrington. It has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage. Historically St Cuthbert's was the parish church of the ecclesiastical parish of North Meols and was within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire.
 The IOOF Hall also known as Crest Theatre and denoted 5ME 6937 is a building in De Beque Colorado that was built in 1900. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a theater. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Augustus Frisbie House is a historic home located at Salisbury Center in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1805 and is a two story five bay gable roofed frame residence with a one story gable roofed wing in the Federal style. The main block is over a cut limestone foundation above a full basement. It is preserved as a museum of local history by the Salisbury Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Buzza Company Building in Minneapolis Minnesota is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012. The building was originally built in 1907 for the Self-Threading Needle Company. It was built by the Brayton Engineering Company at a cost of $55000. In 1923 the Buzza Company a maker of greeting cards acquired the building.
 Bygdøy Royal Estate (Norwegian: Bygdøy kongsgård) occupies a large part of the northwestern part of the Bygdøy peninsula in Oslo Norway. It is the official summer residence of the King of Norway.
 Racine College was an Episcopal preparatory school and college in Racine Wisconsin founded in 1852. Most boys enrolled at Racine College were secondary (or grammar) school students preparing for the Bachelor of Arts course. Racine College's most notable warden was the Rev. Dr. James DeKoven. DeKoven was a major exponent of High Church and Anglo-Catholic views in the Episcopal Church. One of the best-known preachers and orators of his day he died in 1879 at age 49.
 The Samuel Hieatt House is a Greek Revival house built around 1850 in the town of New Castle north of Smithfield Kentucky. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 due to its architectural significance as an outstanding example of Greek Revival style in Henry County.
 Scottish Rite Cathedral is a historic Scottish Rite Masonic building at 2128 Church Street in Galveston Texas.It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Havelock City Project well known locally for its Asia Pacific Property Awards is one of the largest and most expensive multi-purpose real-estate development projects in the world being constructed in the Havelock Town region of Sri Lanka.
 Rhode Island Hospital is a private not-for-profit hospital located in Providence in the U.S. state of Rhode Island.
 The Ronald N. Davies Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse is a historic post office and federal office building located at Grand Forks in Grand Forks County North Dakota United States. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of North Dakota. Also and historically known as U.S. Post Office and Courthouse the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under that name.
 Groote Schuur Hospital is a large government-funded teaching hospital situated on the slopes of Devil's Peak in the city of Cape Town South Africa.
 The Serpents Trail in Colorado National Monument also known as the Trail of the Serpents and the Serpentine Trail was built by the visionary John Otto who began the campaign to establish the national monument. The trail was in fact a road from Grand Junction Colorado through No Thoroughfare Canyon to the rimrock near Cold Shivers Point with an elevation gain of nearly 1100 feet over 2.5 miles. From Cold Shivers Point the road proceeded at a gentler grade for four miles to Glade Park.
 Ebenezer Mill is a mill located at 409 Ebenezer Road in Knoxville Tennessee. It was constructed as a turbine mill to grind corn and wheat and later modified for use as a saw mill. The mill was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as an example of a late-19th century gristmill.The mill sits on the banks of Ten Mile Creek (originally Sinking Creek) on the site of what was once the Mansion Mill a smaller gristmill built circa 1835 for the McClung estate.
 The Fort Rock Valley Historical Homestead Museum is located in Fort Rock Oregon United States. Opened in 1988 it is a collection of original pioneer buildings including a church school houses homestead cabins and several other buildings assembled in a village setting. The structures were moved to the museum site from various locations around the Fort Rock Valley.
 The Charles J. and Elsa Schnabel House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It's location on 2375 SW Park Place is in the King's Hill section of Goose Hollow.
 31°14′27.9″N 121°29′04.5″EThe Peace Hotel (Chinese: 和平饭店) is a hotel on The Bund in Shanghai China which overlooks the Huangpu River. The hotel today operates as two separate businesses. The North Building built as Sassoon House originally housed the Cathay Hotel and is today the Fairmont Peace Hotel run by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts of Canada. The South Building was built as the Palace Hotel and is today the Swatch Art Peace Hotel.
 Valentine Weaver House also known as Weaver House is a historic home located at Macungie Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876 and is a three-story brick dwelling in the form of a Gothic Cottage. It has a central projecting pavilion on the front facade a patterned slate roof and a full-width front porch. Also on the property are a brick octagonal outhouse brick smokehouse spring house and ice house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hallinportti Aviation Museum (Finnish: Hallinportin ilmailumuseo) is an aviation museum located at Halli Airport in Kuorevesi Jämsä Finland.
 The Château de Commercy is a castle in the town of Commercy in the Meuse department of France. It was the principal residence of the reigning Prince of Commercy and was built by Charles Henri de Lorraine. The site château and grounds was classified Monument historique in 1960 with the town being added in 1972.
 The Workman and Temple Family Homestead Museum is a historic house museum located at 15415 East Don Julian Road in City of Industry California that features the homes and private cemetery that belonged to the pioneer Workman-Temple family.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Hilliard Ohio is an Italianate building that was built in 1883. It served historically as a meeting hall and as a specialty store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Burgruine Reisberg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 St Mary's Church Capel-le-Ferne is a redundant Anglican church to the northeast of the village of Capel-le-Ferne Kent England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position adjacent to Capel Church Farm to the north of the A20 road and 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Folkestone.
 Webers is a hamburger restaurant on Ontario Highway 11 near Orillia Ontario. Opened in July 1963 Webers grills their burgers over charcoal with a grill man said to be able to flip up to 800 patties an hour. Long line ups are a common sight at the restaurant which built a footbridge over the highway to provide access for guests from the southbound side.
 St Cross Church Appleton Thorn is in the village of Appleton Thorn Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. Its benefice is combined with that of St Matthew's Church Stretton.
 The Regional Museum of Natural History Sawai Madhopur or The Rajiv Gandhi Regional Museum of Natural History Sawai Madhopur is the country`s fourth regional museum of Natural History in Sawai Madhopur India with exhibits on plants animals and geology of the Western region of India. It is situated near Ramsinghpura village 9 km from Sawai Madhopur.
 Taft House is a historic home located at Chaumont in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1908 and is a light wood-frame dwelling consisting of a 2 1⁄2-story gable-fronted main block and a 1-story rear kitchen wing on a limestone foundation. Also on the property is a heavy wood-frame gable front carriage barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 St. Paul's German Evangelical Church was the first German Evangelical Church to be established in Louisville Kentucky USA. It was founded in 1836 by Reverend George Brandau.
 The Pearl S. Buck Birthplace is a historic home in Hillsboro West Virginia where American writer Pearl S. Buck was born. The home now serves as a museum offering guided tours. The site also includes a carpentry shop and barn with over 100 historic farm and woodworking tools and the log home of Buck's father's family the Sydenstrickers which was moved from Greenbrier County.
 The Jervis Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in Dublin Ireland. Opened in 1996 the centre is located in the area bordered by Jervis Street Upper Abbey Street Mary Street and Liffey Street.
 Sand Lake Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 2960 NY 43 in Averill Park Rensselaer County New York. It was built in 1805 and is a Federal period frame building. It is a rectangular two story heavy wood frame building set on a stone foundation. It has a gable roof and features a two stage semi-engaged Greek Revival style tower added in 1840. The front facade features a Palladian window.
 Hopewell Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church in Franklin Indiana United States.It is an Akron Plan design church. It was added to the National Register in 2000.
 Forest Hill is an historic neighborhood spanning parts of Cleveland Heights and East Cleveland Ohio and is bordered to the north by Glynn Road the south by Mayfield Road by Lee Boulevard to the west and North Taylor Road to the east. Forest Hill was once the beloved summer home of oil magnate John D. Rockefeller and his family. John D. Rockefeller Jr. purchased the estate from his father in 1923 and with New York architect Andrew J.
 St. Francis CSI Church in Fort Kochi (aka. Fort Cochin) originally built in 1503 is the oldest European church in India and has great historical significance as a mute witness to the European colonial struggle in the subcontinent. The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama died in Kochi in 1524 when he was on his third visit to India. His body was originally buried in this church but after fourteen years his remains were removed to Lisbon.
 Restaurant Apicius is a restaurant located in Bakkum Castricum in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one or two Michelin stars from 2002 up until now. GaultMillau awarded them 16.0 points (out of 20).The restaurant is run by two brothers: head chef Thorvald de Winter and Maître Gaylord de Winter.According to Diningcity.com Restaurant Apicius has won Penfolds Culinary Trophy.
 Château Gaillard is a ruined medieval castle located 90 m above the commune of Les Andelys overlooking the River Seine in the Eure département of historical Normandy now Upper Normandy France. It is located some 95 kilometres (59 mi) north-west of Paris and 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Rouen. Construction began in 1196 under the auspices of Richard the Lionheart who was simultaneously King of England and feudal Duke of Normandy.
 Petromidia Refinery is the largest Romanian oil refinery and one of the largest in Eastern Europe located in Năvodari Constanţa County and has an annual processing capacity of 4.8 million tonnes/year or 100000 bbl/d (16000 m3/d). The refinery is supplied with oil thru an oil terminal located in the Port of Midia that can accommodate ships up to 24000 DWT or by a pipeline of 40 kilometres (25 mi) which has a terminus in the Port of Constanţa.
 LaSalle Plaza is a 386-ft (118 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was completed in 1991 and has 30 floors. It is the 20th-tallest building in the city. A skyway connects the building to the Highland Bank Court / Residence Inn by Marriott LaSalle Apartments the University of St. Thomas and Target. Tenants include Robins Kaplan Miller & Ciresi.
 Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center formerly known as Queen of Angels-Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center is a private hospital located at 1300 North Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles California. The hospital has 434 beds.
 Fort Neoheroka (or just Neoheroka Neyuherú·kęʼ in Tuscarora) is the name of a stronghold constructed in what is now Greene County North Carolina by the Tuscarora tribe during the Tuscarora War of 1711–1715. In March 1713 the fort was besieged and ultimately attacked by a colonial force consisting of an army from the neighboring Province of South Carolina under the command of Colonel James Moore and made up mainly of Indians including Yamasee Apalachee Catawba Cherokee and many others.
 Samuel W. Seeley House is located in Bridgeton Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1799 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 13 1976.
 The Great Dolmen of Comenda da Igreja (Portuguese: Anta Grande de Comenda da Igreja or alternately Anta Grande da Herdade da Igreja) is a megalithic funerary site in the civil parish of Nossa Senhora do Bishop in the municipality of Montemor-o-Novo in the central Alentejo region of continental Portugal.
 Luther Memorial Church is a Lutheran congregation at 1021 University Avenue in Madison Wisconsin in the United States. A member of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA) it is known for its worship music education social ministry and preschool programs.
 Halcott Grange No. 881 also known as Green Valley Grange is a historic Grange building located at Halcott in Greene County New York. It was built in 1889 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed structure. It features a prominent portico and cupola with Italianate brackets. It was originally built as a creamery and converted for use as a Grange after 1914.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Park Place is a large indoor shopping mall located on the East Side of Tucson Arizona USA.
 The East Main Street Residential Historic District in Miles City Montana including 1600-2315 E. Main St. is a historic district that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Its significance dates to 1908.
 The Museum of Outdoor Sculpture of Alcala de Henares (Museo de Escultura al Aire Libre de Alcalá de Henares) is a permanent exhibition of contemporary art in public Alcalá de Henares (Madrid - Spain) opened in 1993 and organized by the sculptor José Noja.
 The Chamberlain West Hollywood is a hotel located in the centre of West Hollywood California. The hotel has 114 suites each with a private balcony and a gas-log fireplace. The suites average over 500 square feet (46 m2) and include amenities such as 42-inch (1100 mm) HD televisions iHome docking stations and designer bath products. The Chamberlain Bistro the hotel restaurant is run by Chef Emilio Noselotl and serves American and California cuisine.
 The Church Office Building (COB) is a 28-story building in Salt Lake City Utah which houses the administrative support staff for the lay ministry of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) throughout the world. The building is 420 ft (128 m) tall at roof level and is located within the Temple Square complex on the corner of North Temple and State Street.
 Lincoln House is an office building on Deansgate in Manchester England. It was designed in the 1980s by Holford Associates. It is completely clad in glass and was designed as a deliberate response to the 1960s and 70s Brutalist architecture that engulfed many British cities.
 Blandfield is a historic plantation home located at Caret Essex County Virginia. It was built about 1816-1820 and is a brick dwelling consisting of a two-story central block with flanking two-story dependencies connected by one-story hyphens in the Georgian style. Blandfield was built for William Beverley (1696-1756) son of Virginia's first native-born historian Robert Beverley Jr. (c. 1673-1722).
 Aghjots Vank (Armenian: Աղջոց վանք; also more commonly Surb Stepanos Vank Armenian: Սուրբ Ստեփանոս վանք) is a 13th-century monastery situated along a tributary of the Azat River Valley within the Khosrov State Reserve located half a mile walk from the hamlet of Mets Gilanlar and near the villages of Goght and Garni (approximately 3–4 miles) in the Ararat Province of Armenia.
 Saint-Nicolas-du-Chardonnet is a Roman Catholic church in the centre of Paris France located in the 5th arrondissement. In 1977 it was occupied by traditionalist Society of St. Pius X and remains in the Society's possession to this day.
 Joaquin Miller House also known as The Abbey and The Hights in Oakland California United States was the home of poet Joaquin Miller.
 Fifth Third Center is a 279ft (85m) high rise in Tampa Florida. It was completed in 1981 and has 19 floors. HKS Inc. designed the building which is the 15th tallest in Tampa. The name of the building was changed to Southtrust Building in June 2005. The building has an attached six story parking garage.
 Dutchess Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Fishkill New York United States. Currently the former mall property is the site of a Home Depot as well as two vacant buildings (previously occupied by Service Merchandise and Jamesway) with the rest of the property awaiting further redevelopment. Dagar Group manages the shopping center. R.C. Chera Realty Group is the exclusive leasing broker for the existing vacant structure.
 Abraham Sternberg House is a historic home located at Schoharie in Schoharie County New York. The house was built about 1790 and is a symmetrically massed two story masonry building five bays wide and two bays deep. The brick building is set on a limestone foundation and has a side gable roof. Also on the property is a shed ell (mid- late-19th century) that abuts the house chicken coop (c.
 Bethel A.M.E. Church is located at 323 W. 11th Street Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 LaGrange in or near Harris Crossroads North Carolina is a 131.7 acres (53.3 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.In 1982 the district included four buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the district and one other contributing site.
 Alexandria National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery of approximately 5.5 acres (2.2 ha) located in the city of Alexandria Virginia. It is one of the original national cemeteries that were established in 1862. As of the end of 2005 it was site to 4230 interments.
 The Breakers is a Vanderbilt mansion located on Ochre Point Avenue Newport Rhode Island United States on the Atlantic Ocean. It is a National Historic Landmark a contributing property to the Bellevue Avenue Historic District and is owned and operated by the Preservation Society of Newport County.The Breakers was built as the Newport summer home of Cornelius Vanderbilt II a member of the wealthy United States Vanderbilt family. It is built in an Italian Renaissance style.
 Sir Ganga Ram Hospital is a 550-bed hospital in Lahore Pakistan it was originally established by Sir Ganga Ram a Hindu Civil Engineer in the British Government at Lahore in 1921. After partition another hospital with the same name was re-established by Mr. Dharma Vira in India (see Sir Ganga Ram Hospital (India)).
 The Benjamin Beard House is a historic house at 251 Ash Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1850s and is an excellent local example of Greek Revival style. It is laid out in what was a fairly common local variant with the long spine of the house parallel to the street. There are pilasters on the corners and the front entry has a somewhat Federal style high entablature.
 The Count's House is a historic Greek Revival home in McHenry Illinois. It is one of McHenry's oldest and most notable landmarks as well as one of the finest preserved examples of Greek Revival architecture in McHenry County. It is the only building in the city of McHenry listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The National Union Building is an historic building located at 918 F Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Penn Quarter neighborhood. It is currently owned by DC-based LivingSocial.
 Humberston Abbey was an abbey in Humberston Lincolnshire England. The Benedictine Abbey of Saint Mary and Saint Peter was founded in 1160 by William son of Ralf son of Drogo son of Hermer as an abbey of the Tironensian Order. In 1305 the monastic buildings were destroyed by fire and the brethren were obliged to beg alms and sell the advowson of one of their churches to the prior of Holy Trinity Norwich before they could rebuild them.
 The Gravensteen is a castle in Ghent originating from the Middle Ages. The name means castle of the count in Dutch.
 The Ernest M. Wood Office and Studio is a building located in the Adams County Illinois city of Quincy. The building was designed by Quincy architect Ernest M. Wood and reflects the designs of Frank Lloyd Wright as such it is an example of Prairie style architecture. The building stucco and wood was completed in 1912 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 12 1982.
 Dolmen Mall Clifton is a Mall in Karachi Pakistan that is located on Seaview Clifton. It opened in September 2011 successfully and is known for opening first international brand outlets such as Debenhams Timberland Next Monsoon and Accessorize and first openings of international fast food outlets such as Fatburger and Tutti Frutti Frozen Yogurt as well as Şölen Istanbul. It also opened a kid's arcade called Sindbad's Underwater World.
 The Levine Children's Hospital is a 234 bed pediatric hospital located on the campus of Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte North Carolina. The hospital opened its doors in October 2007. It is named after businessman Leon Levine. The hospital has a Pediatric Cardiovascular ICU that can serve up to 4 open heart surgeries a day. The 20 bed unit is shared with a 10 bed Pediatric ICU. The PICU can over flow to 14 beds for additional patient care.
 Shushan Bridge is a covered bridge over the Batten Kill in the hamlet of Shushan in Washington County New York near Vermont. It is one of 29 surviving historic covered bridges in New York State and one of 4 surviving in Washington County.It was built in 1858 by builder Milton Stevens.Town and Howe truss designs were patented by Ithiel Town in 1820 and William Howe (architect) in 1840 respectively.
 The Cranesville Historic District is a historic district in Dalton Massachusetts centered on the business and residential proprerties associated with the papermaker Crane and Company. Papermaking began as an industry in Dalton in the early 19th century and was dominated by Zenas Crane's operations by the early 1820s. Crane and Company controlled numerous papermaking operations throughout the Berkshires but it was headquartered in Dalton where the Crane family lived.
 Holmberg and Johnson Blacksmith Shop is a historic building at 122 N. Main Street in Lindsborg Kansas.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 St. Joseph Hospital known commonly as St. Joe was the first hospital founded in Fort Wayne Indiana opening in 1869. The facility is known for the St. Joseph Regional Burn center that is the only one of its kind in Northeast Indiana. St. Joe is a member of the Lutheran Health Network.
 The McCauley and Meyer Barns in Yosemite National Park are the last barns in the park that retain their original characteristics as structures built by homesteaders. The McCauley barn and the two Meyer barns represent different construction techniques and styles of design.The McCauley Barn was built about 1883 by Irish-born James McCauley who operated hotels in the Yosemite Valley.
 Wareham Priory was a priory in Dorset England. Possibly founded by the Saxons in 672 and dispersed during the Danish raids on Wareham in 876. It was refounded in 915 by Elfleda and probably dissolved in 998. A Benedictine priory founded in the early 12th century on the same site was suppressed in 1414 and granted to the Carthusians and in turn dissolved in 1539. The site is now occupied by The Priory hotel.
 Clifton Park Center formerly known as the Clifton Country Mall is a large retail center located just off Interstate 87 Exit 9 in Clifton Park New York. Acquired in the spring of 2006 by DCG Development a Clifton Park based development firm the mall features over 70 stores and a food court.Clifton Country Mall opened in 1976 with JC Penney The Carl Company and A&P as the mall's three anchor stores. In 1984 the mall was expanded bringing in Caldor as a fourth anchor.
 The Kingston Stockade District is an eight-block area in the western section of Kingston New York United States commonly referred to as Uptown Kingston. It is the original site of the mid-17th century Dutch settlement of Wiltwyck which was later renamed Kingston when it passed to English control.It is the only one of three original Dutch settlements in New York surrounded by stockades where the outline of the stockade is still evident due to the raised ground.
 The Queens Jewish Center also known as Queens Jewish Center and Talmud Torah or QJC is a synagogue in Forest Hills Queens New York known for its significant contributions to the Jewish community. The synagogue was established by a dozen families in 1943 to serve the growing central Queens Jewish community. The current spiritual leader is Rabbi Simcha Hopkovitz.
 The Kraus House also known as the Frank Lloyd Wright House in Ebsworth Park is a house in Kirkwood Missouri designed by architect Frank Lloyd Wright. The house was designed and constructed for Russell and Ruth Goetz Kraus and the initial design was conceived in 1950. Construction continued until at least 1960 and was never formally completed. The owners lived in the house for about 40 years (Ruth died in 1992).
 The Woburn Public Library (est.1856) or Winn Memorial Library is located at 45 Pleasant Street in Woburn Massachusetts.
 The Maple Street Historic District consists of a cluster of ten similar worker cottages on Maple Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. They were built as part of an effort by the locally important American Optical Company to improve the quality of its worker housing in the 1910s. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The American Optical Company was a major employer in Southbridge from the late 19th century well into the 20th century.
 The State Training School Historic District partly within the limits of Mandan North Dakota includes work dating to 1924. It has also been known as North Dakota State Reform School. It is located within the main campus of the North Dakota State Industrial School.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included six contributing buildings on 7 acres (2.8 ha).
 Dawson Farm is a historic property with two homes located at Rockville Montgomery County Maryland. The property contains two dwellings: the 1874 2 1⁄2-story frame Dawson Farmhouse and a large 2 1⁄2-story hip-roofed frame house dating to 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Wood Wharf is a site on the Isle of Dogs London currently used for light industrial and residential uses. The site has been earmarked for a major mixed use redevelopment.
 Memorial Town Hall is the historic town hall of Monson Massachusetts. Located on Main Street on land donated by the local prominent Reynolds family the High Victorian Gothic stone building was constructed in 1885 to a design by George Potter.
 The Reformed Church of Shawangunk is located along Hoagerburgh Road in the Bruynswick section of the Town of Shawangunk Ulster County New York USA. Perched above the Shawangunk Kill it enjoys a splendid view of the nearby Shawangunk Ridge.
 The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic cathedral located in Lake Charles Louisiana United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Lake Charles and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Immaculate Conception Parish was established in 1869. The church was designed by the architectural firm of Favrot & Livaudais and it was built in 1913.
 Bute-Warner-Truax Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located at Charlotteville in Schoharie County New York. The district includes three contributing buildings one contributing site and two contributing structures. It includes a Greek Revival style farmhouse built about 1853. Also included is a milk house (ca. 1910) auto garage (ca. 1920) fire pond (ca. 1920) and 19th-century family burial plot.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Samarès Manor (Jèrriais: Mangni d'Sanmathès) is a manor house with medieval origins in the Vingtaine de Samarès in the parish of St. Clement in Jersey and is the traditional home of the Seigneur de Samarès. The name Samarès is an old French word meaning salt-marsh and much of the low lying surrounding areas are or were coastal marshes.The gardens are open to the public from April until October.
 Sutter's Fort State Historic Park is a California State Historic Park in Sacramento California. It includes Sutter's Fort and the California State Indian Museum.
 The Mast General Store located in Historic Valle Crucis is recognized by the National Register of Historic Places as one of the best remaining examples of an old country general store. It is still the center of the community housing the post office (Valle Crucis NC 28691) and offering coffee for 5¢ on the honor system.
 The Patterson Law Office is located in Central City Nebraska. It is a false-front building of frame construction built in 1872. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places; its historical significance derives from its age its architectural design and its association with John Patterson and with author-photographer Wright Morris.
 Dusmal House is a historic building in Gastonville Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Mihrimah Sultan Mosque (Turkish: 'Mihrimah Sultan Camii') is an Ottoman mosque located in the Edirnekapı neighborhood near the Byzantine land walls of Istanbul Turkey. Located on the peak of the Sixth Hill near the highest point of the city the mosque is a prominent landmark in Istanbul.
 The Historical Museum of Bern is the second largest historical museum in Switzerland. It was built in 1894 by the Neuchâtel architect André Lambert. As it was first conceived as the Swiss National Museum (the city of Zurich was chosen to host it later) the architect took as model various historic castles from the 15th and 16th centuries.
 Orlando Health is a private not-for-profit network of community and specialty hospitals based in Orlando FL. Orlando Health comprises Orlando Regional Medical Center Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies Dr. P. Phillips Hospital South Seminole Hospital South Lake Hospital (50 percent partnership) Health Central and M. D. Anderson Cancer Center Orlando – affiliate of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston TX.
 Niseko Taisetsu is a residential building that is planned for Kutchan Hokkaidō Japan.
 St Mary's Church Eccleston is in the village of Eccleston Cheshire England on the estate of the Duke of Westminster south of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. Its benefice is combined with that of St Mary Pulford. The Dukes of Westminster are buried in the church grounds.
 St. Clement's Chapel also known as St. Clement's Chapel of the Church of the Advent is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at 815 Piedmont Drive in Tallahassee Leon County Florida. It was designed and built in 1890 by William Betton as St. Clement's Episcopal Church 15 miles (24 km) to the east in Lloyd in Jefferson County and was named for the church of the same name in Manhattan New York.
 Manchester United Methodist Church (formerly Manchester Methodist Episcopal Church abbreviated Manchester UMC or simply MUMC) is a United Methodist megachurch in Manchester Missouri. It was the first church to be established in the western part St. Louis County and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The church is the largest United Methodist Church in Missouri with over 3600 members.
 Perkiomen Bridge Hotel also known as Lane's Hotel is a historic hotel complex located adjacent to the Perkiomen Bridge at Collegeville Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original building was built about 1706 (some sources say 1689) with later expansions in the 18th 19th and 20th centuries. It consists of a c. 1800 three-story six bay gable roofed stuccoed brownstone building with two-story porches and a low gable roofed wing that is likely the oldest portion.
 Crupet Castle (French: Château de Crupet also known as the Château des Carondelet) is a medieval moated donjon or fortified farmhouse (ferme-château) in the village of Crupet since 1977 part of the municipality of Assesse province of Namur Belgium.
 The Railway Museum (Dutch: Spoorwegmuseum) in Utrecht is the Dutch national railway museum. It was established in 1927 and since 1954 has been housed in the Maliebaan station a former railway station.
 St. Giles' Church is a church in Ickenham within the London Borough of Hillingdon in England.The church is located in the centre of Ickenham at the intersection of Swakeleys Road and Long Lane.The oldest parts of the church the nave and chancel date back to 1335. Other extensions have been added over the years. Inside the church several memorials exist to the prominent families of Ickenham.
 Angelus Funeral Home is a funeral home in South Los Angeles California. It was listed as a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 2006 and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. In 1925 Angelus Funeral Home was the first black-owned business to be incorporated in California. The current building was designed by noted African-American architect Paul R.
 Amazeen House is an historic house in Houlton Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in September 1986.
 Antonio López (shipwreck) also known as SS ANTONIO LÓPEZ Shipwreck Site and Remains in Puerto Rico. It is one of Puerto Rico's 63 National Historic Landmarks.
 The Dargah Qadam Sharif in Paharganj Delhi consists of a small tomb complex built in 1375-1376 CE which also houses a mosque a madrasa and a shrine (dargah) which is surrounded by a massive gated wall.
 Forest Home Cemetery located in the Lincoln Village neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin is the final resting place of many of the city's famed beer barons politicians and social elite. Both the cemetery and its Landmark Chapel are listed on the National Register of Historic Places and were declared a Milwaukee Landmark in 1973.The cemetery is run by a non-profit organization held in public trust. Profits from each sale are reinvested to insure continual care of the buildings and land.
 Newcomer Mansion is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1820 and consists of a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay Federal-style brick house with a two-story two bay by one bay log house appended. The main section measures 33 feet by 36 feet. Also on the property is a contributing garage (1940).
 The Fuller House also known as the Fuller Residence in Syracuse New York was designed by Ward Wellington Ward. Along with other homes he designed it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house includes Craftsman architectural style elements.It is located directly across Salt Springs Road from the Harry N. Burhans House a house that was substantially revised by Ward.
 The house at 365 Main Street formerly 116 Main Street in Highland Falls New York United States is an Italian Villa style building dating to the mid-19th century. It may have originally been built as the rectory for the nearby Church of the Holy Innocents.It is considered the most accomplished house in that style in the village. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with over 50 other historic properties in the Hudson Highlands.
 Brockton City Hall is an historic city hall at 45 School Street in Brockton Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1892 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976.
 St. George's Church is a former parish church in Dublin Ireland designed by Francis Johnston which is considered to be one of his finest works. It is located at Hardwicke Place just north of the city centre. The elegant spire 200 feet (61.0 m) high became a landmark of the north inner city.
 Castillo de Almodóvar del Río (Hisnu-l-mudawar; the round castle) is a castle of Muslim origin in the town of Almodóvar del Río Province of Córdoba Spain. Previously a Roman fort the current structure has Berber origins in the year 760. During the Middle Ages it underwent several renovations and reconstructions. Between 1901 and 1936 it was restored by the owner Raphael Desmaissiers 12th Count of Torravala under the technical direction of the architect Adolfo Fernández Casanova.
 The Thomas Curtis House is a historic house at 279 Franklin Street in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Elm Court often referred as Phillips Mansion is a historic mansion located in Butler Pennsylvania Butler County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect Benno Janssen and built in 1929-1930. This 40-room residence is set into a hillside. The house measures 125.7 feet by 159 feet and is built around a central courtyard. It is constructed of steel reinforced concrete and faced with limestone marble and slate.
 National Palace Museum of Korea is a national museum of South Korea located in Gyeongbokgung Palace Seoul.
 President William Jefferson Clinton Birthplace Home National Historic Site is located at 117 South Hervey Street (U.S. Route 278) in Hope Arkansas. Built in 1917 by Dr. H. S. Garrett in this house the 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton spent the first four years of his life having been born at Julia Chester Hospital in Hope on August 19 1946.
 Market Square Center is a high rise building in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1975 and has 20 floors. It is primarily used for office space. It's best known for its unique gold reflective glass facade and is popularly nicknamed the Gold Building.
 Camden County Courthouse in Camden North Carolina was built in 1847. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Sts Simon and Jude serves the parish of Streatham Hill
 The Robert E. Lee School is a historic school building located at 402 Lee Street Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Bansei Tokkō Peace Museum (万世特攻平和祈念館 Bansei Tokkō Heiwa Kinenkan) opened in Minamisatsuma Kagoshima Prefecture Japan in 1993 to commemorate the lives of the 201 airmen from the Bansei Air Base (万世飛行場) who died in special attack operations in the final months of the Pacific War.
 Morehead Planetarium and Science Center is located on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It is one of the oldest and largest planetariums in the United States having welcomed over 7 million visitors by its 60th anniversary in 2009.
 The Spacecraft Propulsion Research Facility is significant in the development of the Centaur Rocket which has launched some of America's most important space probes. This facility enabled engineers to hot-fire full-scale Centaur Rockets in simulated space conditions. It is located on NASA's Plum Brook Station off Taylor Road between Bloomingville and Bogart south of Sandusky Ohio in the United States.
 The Maj. Joseph Griswold House also sometimes referred to as the Mary Lyon House is a historic house on Upper Street in Buckland Massachusetts.The house was built in 1818 for Major Joseph Griswold who was the son of an American Revolutionary War soldier. The Federal-style house is a large brick structure three stories tall with four chimneys. The house was a center of the town's social scene with Griswold opening the third floor ballroom for public events.
 Château du Freudeneck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Wangenbourg-Engenthal in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France.
 The University District Museum Without Walls is a virtual museum in Seattle Washington's University District devoted to the history of that neighborhood. Described as an ongoing cultural program that allows for new opportunities for the arts history and education it includes or is planning multimedia exhibitions billboards trading cards newly commissioned music sculpture and walking tours.
 Nanning Marriott is a hotel in Nanning Guangxi China. It is owned by Guangxi Xin Wei Hotel Management Co. Ltd. and managed by Marriott International Inc. The building has 334 rooms with corporate and recreational facilities. The hotel is run by a multinational and multilingual senior executive team. The Nanning Marriott officially opened on the 18th of December 2009.
 St Michael the Archangel Church or simply St Michael's Church is an Anglican parish church located in Winterbourne South Gloucestershire. It was built in the 12th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.The Church is located to the west of Winterbourne largely surrounded by fields and woodland though a number of cottages flank it. Despite its rather isolated location its prominent spire is clearly visible for miles around.
 The Healey Building at 57 Forsyth Street NW in the Fairlie-Poplar district of Atlanta was the last major skyscraper built in that city during the pre-World War I construction boom. Designed by the firm of Morgan & Dillon with assistance from Walter T. Downing in the Gothic Revival style the 16-story structure was built between 1913-1914. It was originally planned with two facing towers connected by an atrium taking up an entire city block.
 University Hall is a white granite building designed by the great early American architect Charles Bulfinch. It is located in Harvard Yard on the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts. It is now a National Historic Landmark.The hall was designed by Bulfinch class of 1781 and built between 1813-15 of white Chelmsford granite probably using rock cut to size at the Charlestown Prison.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Coleman Low is a low-security United States federal prison in Florida. It is part of the Coleman Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Coleman) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCC Coleman is located in central Florida approximately 50 miles northwest of Orlando 60 miles northeast of Tampa and 35 miles south of Ocala.
 Reformed Dutch Church of Wyckoff is a historic church at 580 Wyckoff Avenue in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The church was built in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 17 2003.Reformed Dutch Church of Wyckoff is currently incorporated as The Wyckoff Reformed Church.
 Hvalsey Church (Danish: Hvalsø Kirke) is the ruins of an old Norse church which is situated in the fjord of Hvalsey (Qaqortukulooq) not far from Qaqortoq the largest town in the south of Greenland.The architecture seems very related to similar Norse buildings from the 14th century. The church is in the region which the Norse named Eystribygð the Eastern Settlement when the Vikings settled in Greenland in around 985.
 The John Quincy Adams and Elizabeth Young House also known as the John Quincy Adams Young House is a historic American saltbox house built in 1869 in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located in the unincorporated Cedar Mill area of Washington County Oregon near Portland and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Malls Basingstoke is a shopping centre in Basingstoke Hampshire England built between 1978 and 1981.
 Bethesda Academy (previously known as Bethesda Home for Boys) is a boys' school and former orphanage located in unincorporated Chatham County Georgia in the United States near Savannah.
 Central Methodist Church is a historic church at 233 N. Church Street in Spartanburg South Carolina.It was built in the 1880s and remodeled in 1896 by architect George F. Barber. It was added to the National Register in 2003.
 Morrisville Public Library is a historic library building located at Morrisville in Madison County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame picturesque cottage with Gothic Revival–style detailing.It became a library in December 1903 with 760 volumes on its shelves.
 The Beaver Hills Historic District is a 97-acre (39 ha) historic district in the Beaver Hills neighborhood of New Haven Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. In 1986 it included 235 contributing buildings.According to its 1986 nomination the district is significant for its architecture and otherwise. The listing recognized the district's significance as a nearly intact example of an early 20th-century suburban residential subdivision.
 The Wood County Courthouse and Jail located in Bowling Green Ohio USA is Wood County's third courthouse. It was built after citizens decided to move the county seat from Perrysburg to Bowling Green. Ground was broken on November 28 1893 and the cornerstone was laid on July 4 1894. The architectural firm of Yost & Packard of Columbus designed the courthouse and construction was overseen by T.B. Townsend of Youngstown.
 Renaissance Washington DC Hotel is a high-rise building located in Washington D.C. United States. Its construction was completed in 1986. The architect of the building was Smith-Williams Group who proposed the architectural style of the building which is postmodern. The building rises to 190 feet (58 m) containing 15 stories and 807 units. The building is part of the TechWorld Plaza complex.
 Hazrat Hajib Shakarbar was born as the younger of the two sons of Hazrat Shams Tabrizi and Hazrat Shams Sabzwari in 1213 AC. His grand parents named him Alauddin Muhammad but when his father returned from Tabriz to see his newborn baby he changed the name from Alauddin Muhammad to Syed Ahmad because he had a dream to this effect in Tabriz. The new baby showed the signs of a born Hafiz and so came to be known as Zinda Pir from his very infancy.
 Kornhill (Chinese: 康怡花園) and Kornhill Gardens (康山花園) are apartment buildings on the northern slope of Mount Parker in Quarry Bay Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. Kornhill is a private housing estate and Kornhill Gardens is a Private Sector Participation Scheme estate. The total population is approximately 30000.
 A breastaurant is a restaurant that has sexual undertones most commonly in the form of large-breasted skimpily-dressed waitresses and barmaids and double-entendre brand name. The term dates from at least the early 1990s around the time that the restaurant chain Hooters became popular in the United States.
 The Bellevue Palace (known as the Palais Bellevue or Schlöß Bellevue) in Kassel was built in 1714 for Charles I Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel. Originally the building served as an Observatory. It became a residence and then part of Bellevue Castle which was later destroyed. Today the house holds a museum devoted to the Brothers Grimm.
 Skrapan is the commonly used name for the only skyscraper building in Västerås Sweden. The building is 81 meters tall and was constructed from 1988 to 1990. At the top of the building is a bar called Skybar with a good view of lake Mälaren.After the construction in 1990 it was the third tallest building in Sweden.[citation needed] Currently it is the sixth tallest building.
 Clarens or the Clarens Estate is a 19th-century Federal-style mansion in Alexandria Virginia.
 The Gray–Watkins Mill or Gray's Mill is a historic structure in Montgomery in the U.S. state of Illinois. The building was an early turbine mill on the Fox River and was later used as an automobile parts manufacturer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St. Mark's Church or Church of St. Mark (Serbian: Црква Светог Марка/Crkva Svetog Marka) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in the Tašmajdan park in Belgrade Serbia near the Parliament of Serbia. It was built in the Serbian architectural style by the Krstić brothers completed in 1940 on the site of a previous church dating to 1835. It is one of the largest churches in the country. There is a small Russian Orthodox church next to St. Mark's.
 Mall of Medini (or MOM) is the main shopping centre in Iskandar Malaysia Johor Malaysia. This shopping centre is located near Legoland Malaysia at Nusajaya. It is via accessible by the Legoland Malaysia Interchange of the Iskandar Coastal Highway.
 The Colorado Railroad Museum is a non-profit railroad museum The museum is located on 15 acres (6.1 ha) at a point where Clear Creek flows between North and South Table Mountains in Golden Colorado.The museum was established in 1959 to preserve a record of Colorado's flamboyant railroad era particularly the state's pioneering narrow gauge mountain railroads.
 Parramatta Correctional Centre a former Australian medium security prison for males was in operation between 1798 and 2011. Located in North Parramatta New South Wales the centre was initially called Parramatta Gaol until its name was changed to Parramatta Correctional Centre in 1992. When in operation the centre was managed by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales.
 Comfort Station No. 68 (or Plaza Comfort Station) is a historic visitor services building in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon United States. It was built in 1938 to provide a public toilet and shower facilities for park visitors. It was constructed in the National Park Service Rustic style of architecture and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Union Mill Complex (also Bischoff's Chocolate Factory) is located at the junction of Milton Avenue (NY 50) and Prospect Street in Ballston Spa New York United States. It is a complex of three late 19th-century brick buildings on a 4-acre (1.6 ha) lot and the ruins of a dam.Originally built to harness the nearby Kayaderosseras Creek for textile production in the years of the Gilded Age George West converted it to paper bag production and made the center of his company.
 The George Inn in Norton St Philip Somerset England one of a number of establishments that claims to be Britain’s oldest tavern is located in the centre of the village. It was built in the 14th or 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.It was originally built as a wool store for Hinton Priory at nearby Hinton Charterhouse and to accommodate travellers and merchants coming to the annual wool fairs that were held in the village from the late 13th century until 1902.
 Spannuth Mill also known as Crosskill Mill is a historic grist mill located in Bethel Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1891 and is a three-story frame building on a stone foundation measuring 40 feet 4 inches by 42 feet 9 inches with a 50 foot extension. It has a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. Also on the property is a one-story brick building built about 1910. It once housed a boiler.
 The Cotton Mountain Community Church also known as the Wolfeborough Brookfield and Wakefield Meetinghouse is a historic church on Stoneham Road in Wolfeboro New Hampshire near the town line with Brookfield. The clapboarded wood-frame building was built in 1852 to serve local Methodist and Free Will Baptist congregations.
 The Dream Center is a Pentecostal Christian Church mission located at 2301 Bellevue Avenue in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles California two blocks west of Alvarado Street on the north side of the 101 Freeway.
 The Hotel Ross is an old hotel in the Chilean city of Pichilemu. It was created by Agustín Ross Edwards in 1885 and remodeled in December 1987.The park is located on Agustín Ross Avenue in front of the old Ross Casino. The hotel was originally named Great Hotel Pichilemu (Spanish: Gran Hotel Pichilemu). The once grand Ross Hotel was constructed at the same time. Although the hotel one of the oldest in Chile is still partially open to guests it is in a high state of disrepair.
 The Colorado Springs City Hall is a municipal building in Colorado Springs Colorado. The building is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Agricultural Pavilion (formerly known as the Livestock Judging Pavilion) is a contributing property to the Texas Technological College Historic District on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas. The Agricultural Pavilion was one of the original buildings on campus and opened in 1926. It served as the home court for Texas Tech basketball teams until 1927 when the gymnasium was completed.
 James Mills Storehouse also known as the Old Tobacco Warehouse is a historic store located at Urbanna Middlesex County Virginia. It was built between 1763 and 1767 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular brick structure on a raised brick basement. It has a gable roof and full width front porch.
 The Margaret Fuller House was the birthplace and childhood home of American transcendentalist Margaret Fuller (1810–1850). It is located at 71 Cherry Street in the Cambridgeport area of Cambridge Massachusetts and is now a National Historic Landmark.The three-story wooden Federal style house was built in the early 19th century and was Fuller's home from birth until age 16.
 Union Church is a historic church off ME 140 in Buckfield Maine.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Peter's Church is a historic Episcopal church in New Kent Virginia United States. Built in 1703 the church was designated as The First Church of the First First-Lady by the Virginia General Assembly in 1960 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on March 2 2012.
 The Wickenburg Arizona station serves as the headquarters of the Wickenburg Chamber of Commerce and is among the oldest of the Santa Fe's wooden stations in Arizona. It remains very nearly in its original configuration.
 Restaurant Patrick Guilbaud is a restaurant in Dublin Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1989–1995 and two stars in the period 1996–present Egon Ronay Guide awarded the restaurant one star in the period 1983–1985 and 1987. It was mentioned in the Guide in 1988 and 1989.The restaurant's proprietor is the acclaimed French professional chef Patrick Guilbaud who lives in Ireland.
 The Medical Center of Central Georgia (MCCG) is a 637-bed hospital located in Macon Georgia. MCCG is the second largest hospital in Georgia behind Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. MCCG is a teaching hospital affiliated with Mercer University Medical School. MCCG Serves 30 counties throughout Central Georgia and southern Georgia an area of approximately 750000 residents. MCCG EMS serves Baldwin Bibb Jonesand Twiggs Counties.
 J. Francis Kellogg House is a historic home located at Avon in Livingston County New York. It is a Colonial Revival–style dwelling with Arts and Crafts influenced detailing constructed in 1908. It is a 2 1⁄2-story square frame residence with a flat topped hipped roof with dormers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Metropolitan co-cathedral of Saint Mary Major of Mérida (Spanish: Concatedral metropolitana de San Maria la Mayor) is a Roman Catholic cathedral church in Mérida Extremadura western Spain. Since 1994 together with the Metropolitan Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist of Badajoz it is the seat of the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.
 The Jerome Park Reservoir is located in Jerome Park a neighborhood in the North Bronx New York City.
 The Heritage Discovery Center officially known as the Frank & Sylvia Pasquerilla Heritage Discovery Center is a community history and culture center operated by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association (JAHA) in Johnstown Pennsylvania. The center features permanent and changing exhibits and galleries focusing on local history and culture.
 Brookville Presbyterian Church and Manse is a historic Presbyterian church located at White and Main Streets in Brookville Jefferson County Pennsylvania United States. The church was built in 1904-1905 and is a Richardsonian Romanesque-style building built of brownstone. It features two entrances each set in a loggia and a square bell tower. The interior is designed in the Akron plan. The manse was built in 1890 and is a brick Second Empire-style dwelling.
 Mayang Sari Beach Resort is a hotel and resort on the northwestern coast of Bintan Indonesia approximately 50 minutes by high-speed ferry from Singapore. It is noted for its traditional Riau Islands beach chalets along the beach. The resort has 50 chalets organized in blocks of 4.The hotel restaurant and bar overlooks the beach.
 Millennium Tower is a 35-storey 130.8 m (429 ft) skyscraper in Rotterdam Netherlands design by WZMH Architects and AGS Architecten. It was completed in 2000. The tower was built on Weena in front of the Central station. It is currently mixed use containing hotel apartments offices and health studio.
 Geitastrand Church (Norwegian: Geitastrand kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in Geitastrand along the Trondheimsfjord about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north of Orkanger.The wooden church was built in 1859 and consecrated on 3 November 1859 by the local dean Henning Junghaus Kaurin. The architect who designed the building was Christian Heinrich Grosch.
 The Emerson Cavitation Tunnel is a propeller testing facility based at Newcastle University UK. The tunnel is based in the department of Marine Science and Technology and is currently the second largest cavitation tunnel in the UK the largest being that owned by the Ministry of Defence at Haslar.
 The Church of Our Lady of Immaculate Conception is a church located in Seria Brunei.
 House at No. 48 Grove Street is a historic home located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. It is believed to have been built in 1854 with late-19th century modifications. It is distinguished by an overlay of fanciful early- and late-Victorian era ornamentation with Gothic Revival details. It features a two story rounded bay projecting from the northwest corner of main block.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Old Sycamore Hospital is two-story brick structure in downtown Sycamore Illinois United States. It is a contributing structure within the Sycamore Historic District. The district was established when it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The hospital building is located at the corner of Elm and Somonauk Streets in Sycamore.
 Shahidullah Hall is a residential hall of University of Dhaka established in 1921. Formerly it was known as Dhaka Hall. It is situated behind the Curzon Hall. It has a main building and two extensions. Only science faculty students are allotted here.Shahidulla Hall was named after the famous linguist Dr. Muhammad Shahidullah. It was one of the three founding Hall of the university. The former name of the Hall was Lyton Hall. Then it was named as Dhaka Hall. Dr.
 John R. Wright House is an historic house at 322 West Marlin Street in McPherson Kansas United States. The house was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 2002.
 The Mahara Prison is a maximum security prison and is one of the largest prisons in Sri Lanka. Situated in the old city of Mahara in the Western Province it was built in 1875 by the British colonial government to ease the congestion at the Slave Island prison. It was used to house the prisoners employed in crushing stones at the Mahara quarry. Since its establishment it has had a police post attached to it. The prison is administrated by the Department of Prisons.
 Carlisle Historic District is a national historic district located at Carlisle Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The district includes 1011 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Carlisle. Most of the contributing buildings date to the mid- to late-19th century with a few dated to the 18th century. Residential areas include notable examples of the Late Victorian and Federal styles.
 Quenington Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in Gloucestershire England.
 One Shell Square is a 51-story 212.45 m (697.0 ft) skyscraper designed in the International style by Skidmore Owings and Merrill located at 701 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana. It is the tallest building in both the city of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana and is taller than Louisiana's tallest peak Driskill Mountain. The building is primarily used for leaseable office space with some retail space on the ground level.
 The Cairo apartment building located at 1615 Q Street NW in Washington D.C. is a landmark in the Dupont Circle neighborhood and the District of Columbia's tallest residential building.
 The Lucius Gleason House also known as Liverpool Village Hall in Liverpool New York was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Modeney Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 Walker Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built in 1904 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular wood-frame dwelling with front and rear additions. It features a total of eight cure porches. An open verandah across the front facade with three sleeping porches above. A small gabled portico extends out from the front of the verandah.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Iwamura Castle (岩村城 Iwamura-jō) was located in the southeastern area of Mino Province in Japan. Its ruins can be found in the modern-day town of Iwamura in Ena District Gifu Prefecture.
 Gatecliff Rockshelter (26NY301) is a major archaeological site in the Great Basin area of the western United States that provides remarkable stratigraphy; it has been called the “deepest archaeological rock shelter in the Americas”. Located in Mill Canyon of the Toquima Range in the Monitor Valley of central Nevada Gatecliff Rockshelter has an elevation of 7750 feet (2360 m). David Hurst Thomas discovered Gatecliff Rockshelter in 1970 and began excavations in 1971.
 Continental Oil Center is a highrise tower in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma. It is 262 feet (134m) and has 19 floors. The building was finished in 1981. It is the current world headquarters for Continental Resources and former headquarters for Devon Energy Corporation. As of March 2012 Devon Energy is in the process of moving into their new headquarters Devon Energy Center the tallest building in Oklahoma.
 Nellis Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at St. Johnsville in Montgomery County New York. It was built about 1750 as a farmhouse and expanded about 1790 to its present form. It is a 2-story five-by-two-bay frame residence constructed atop a coursed rubblestone foundation. After the American Civil War the tavern business declined and the building became a family farmhouse again.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church is located at 938 Genesee Street Buffalo New York in the cities east side. The building is a city of buffalo landmark.
 Tower Street Adult Correctional Centre formerly the General Penitentiary was built to accommodate 650 male inmates but has held over 1700 on occasions.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 Fort Washington was a fortified position near the north end of Manhattan Island (now part of New York City) and was located at the highest point on the island. The Fort Washington Site is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Fort Worth Elks Lodge 124 also known as Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks Purchased by the YWCA of Fort Worth and _in 1954 is a Colonial Revival architecture/Georgian Revival architecture building from 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Woodland Plantation is a historic Southern plantation in Church Hill Jefferson County Mississippi.
 The Round House was the first permanent building built in the Swan River Colony. Built in late 1830 and opened in 1831 it is the oldest building still standing in Western Australia. It is located at Arthur Head in Fremantle and recent heritage assessments and appraisals of the precinct of the Round House incorporate Arthur Head.It was used for colonial and indigenous prisoners until 1886 when control of the Convict Establishment prison (now Fremantle Prison) was transferred to the colony.
 The Basilica of Saint Servatius is a Roman catholic church dedicated to Saint Servatius in the city of Maastricht the Netherlands. The architecturally hybrid but mainly Romanesque church is situated next to the Gothic church of Saint John facing the town's main square Vrijthof.
 The Palazzo Fortuny is an art museum in San Marco Venice Italy.Once owned by the Pesaro family this Gothic building in Campo San Beneto was transformed by Mariano Fortuny into his own photography stage-design textile-design and painting atelier. The building maintains the structure created by Fortuny as well as its collections. The building was donated to the city in 1956 by Henriette Nigrin Mariano’s widow.
 Maidstone Museum & Bentlif Art Gallery is in Maidstone Kent England.
 William Trowbridge Forbes House was a historic house at 23 Trowbridge Road in Worcester Massachusetts.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The house was demolished in November 2003.
 The Convent has been the official residence of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728. It was originally a convent of Franciscan friars hence its name and was completed in 1531.The dining room at the Convent has the most extensive display of heraldry in the Commonwealth of Nations.
 Salubria Lodge No. 31 is an historic Masonic building located at 85 West Central Street corner of North 1st Street in Cambridge Washington County Idaho. Built in 1922 to replace an earlier 1902 frame building that burned it is a two-story building designed by Watkins and Thompson with a sloped roof over an attic space. The ground floor exterior is covered with nondescript gray plaster while the second-story exterior is of redbrick. The attic area has a wooden exterior.
 Charles Howland-William H. Chase House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a remarkably intact two story five bay center hall limestone dwelling in the Greek Revival style. Attached to the main block is a large two story rear wing creating an L shaped house. Also on the property is a stone barn stone shed and stone smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Heggvik Church (Norwegian: Heggvik kirke; also known as Stjørna Church) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located along the Stjørnfjord in the village of Høybakken about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Botngård.The church was built of stone in 1858 and it holds up to 400 people.
 Burwood One (formerly known as Kmart Plaza and originally Kmart Burwood) is a sub regional shopping centre located in the eastern suburb of Burwood East in the city of Melbourne Australia. Owned and managed by Fitzroys the centre is the site of the first Kmart to be built in Australia opening on 30 April 1969. The site originally consisted of the primary Kmart discount department store and an integrated Kmart Food supermarket.
 One North Pennsylvania formerly known as the Oddfellows Building is a high rise building in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1908 and has 16 floors. It is primarily used for office space.
 The A.J. Holman and Company at 1222-26 Arch Street between N. 12th and N. 13th Street in the Center City area of Philadelphia was built in 1881 and was designed by the Wilson Brothers who also designed the nearby Reading Terminal. Andrew J.
 The Dobbin Round Barn is located near State Center in rural Marshall County Iowa. It was built in 1919 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 65 feet (19.8 m) around. The barn features white vertical siding a two-pitch roof louvered cupola and a 12 foot (3.7 m) central silo.
 The Our Lady of the Rosary Roman Catholic Church is located at 5930 Woodward Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was originally built as St. Joseph's Episcopal Church - from 1893 to 1896 - and is a historic Romanesque Revival church complex. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 1982.
 Our Lady of Good Counsel Parish is a Roman Catholic church in Bridgeport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Southwood Two-Teacher Schoolhouse near Jamesville New York is an ivy-covered building now used as a hair salon. It is an Art Deco building but the ivy hides any architectural details that would show that.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.It is located on Barker Hill Road just south of East Seneca Turnpike in the Southwood New York neighborhood of the town of Onondaga New York. Further east along the turnpike is the hamlet of Jamesville.
 Karamu House in the Fairfax neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland Ohio USA is the oldest African-American theater in the United States. Many of Langston Hughes's plays were developed and premièred at the theater.
 William Wooden Wood House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1868 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay clapboard residence with a 2 1⁄2-story four-bay clapboard west wing. The roof features a major gambrel cross-gable with round arched window wooden ccrsting and finials at the ridge line and two interior end chimneys.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Mary's Church Bleasby is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Bleasby Nottinghamshire.
 St Salvator's Hall (affectionately known as Sallies) is a student Hall of residence at the University of St Andrews. It lies close to the quadrangle of the United College St Andrews and St Salvator's Chapel a foundation which was endowed by King James II of Scotland. The Hall is in an area between North Street and The Scores. Regarded as one of the University's most prestigious residences it boasts numerous self-contained traditions.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at Middle Street and Church Alley in New Bern North Carolina.It was built in 1848 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 Abraham Elder Stone House is a historic home located at Halfmoon Township Centre County Pennsylvania. The first section was built in 1808 and a second phase of construction took place in 1832. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay limestone building. The center entrance features an elliptical stone arch with a fanlight and a door with sidelights.
 Davis Museum (The Davis Lisboa Mini-Museum of Contemporary Art) was founded in Barcelona and online in 2009 by Davis Lisboa. It is the smallest contemporary art museum in the world. It has its own permanent contemporary art collection located in Barcelona Spain. Davis Museum is also a ready-made sculpture and a collaborative and collective work of art.
 Exchange Building also known as Merchant's Exchange Building or The Exchange is a building in Petersburg Virginia. It was built in 1841 and is a two-story five bay by five bay Greek Revival style building with a hipped roof. It features a three bay Doric order portico. The principal interior feature of the Exchange.is the central circulardomed room. The building houses the Siege Museum commemorating the Siege of Petersburg.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 Vesterheim Norwegian-American Museum in Decorah Iowa is the national Norwegian-American museum and heritage center with over 24000 artifacts 12 historic buildings a Folk Art School and a library and archives. This treasure showcases the most extensive collection of Norwegian- American artifacts in the world.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland. It is a T-shaped gable-front brick structure of one and a half stories with a white glazed brick facade that was added in 1917 to the existing church structure erected in 1849. The architecture is a modest interpretation of the late Gothic Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Varzahan (Armenian: Վարզահան Turkish: Uğrak Kiliseleri or Varzahan Kiliseleri ) was an Armenian church founded in the 12th century near village Uğrak (formerly Varzahan) 10 km northwest of Bayburt in Turkey's Eastern Anatolia region.
 The Yamase Building at the corner of Moana Road and Kaumualiʻi Highway in Waimea Kauaʻi was built around 1921 by an itinerant Japanese temple architect for Seiichi Yamase a nisei son of Japanese immigrants. Despite being the only structure of its kind in Hawaiʻi it well represents both commercial architecture in rural Hawaii and the contribution of immigrants to the growth of commerce there.
 The Glide Ranger Station in Umpqua National Forest near Glide Oregon was built in 1938 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It served historically as a government office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 for its architecture. It was designed by architects of the United States Forest Service in Rustic and other architecture.In 1986 the station building was in excellent condition.
 The Palanok Castle or Mukachevo Castle (Ukrainian: Замок Паланок translit. Zamok Palanok; Hungarian: Munkács vára Munkácsi vár) is a historic castle in the city of Mukachevo in the western Ukrainian oblast (province) of Zakarpattia. The Palanok Castle is delicately preserved and is located on a former 68 metre high volcanic hill.
 Can Fabes is a restaurant close to Barcelona in Sant Celoni Catalonia Spain. The chef was Santi Santamaria who was the first Catalan cook ever to get 3 Michelin stars.[citation needed] Santamaria has been the president of Relais Gourmands and Vicepresident of Relais & Chateaux (2003-2006). Can Fabes has been a member of Relais & Châteaux since 1989.
 The George H. Hauschild Building at 206 N. Liberty in Victoria Texas was built in 1914. It was designed by architect Jules Leffland and is also a work of Eugene Tuttle. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986.
 The Haydenville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional village of Haydenville in Williamsburg Massachusetts. It includes properties on Main and High Streets and Kingsley Avenue. Its most prominent feature is the former Haydenville Manufacturing Company premises built in 1875 after a flood washed away the previous factory in 1874.
 Harold Hess Lustron House is located in Closter Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1950 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 25 2000.
 The Kaufmann House (a.k.a. Kaufmann Desert House) is a house located in Palm Springs California that was designed by architect Richard Neutra in 1946.It was one of the last domestic projects conducted by Neutra but it is also arguably one of his most famous homes.It is one of the most important examples of International Style architecture in the United States and the only one still in private hands and was recently up for sale.
 Congregation Knesseth Israel also known as the Junction Shul is an Orthodox Jewish congregation in Toronto. Its synagogue building is the oldest surviving in Toronto that is still in use and was designated an Ontario Heritage site in 1984 under the Ontario Heritage Act.Located at 56 Maria Street in Toronto's Junction neighbourhood the congregation was established in 1909 by Jewish immigrants largely from Russia and Poland. Services were originally held at a home at 303 Maria Street.
 The Chicago and Northwestern Depot is a former railway station in Wilmette Illinois which has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975. The station served the Chicago and North Western Railway along what is now Metra's Union Pacific/North Line. It was built in 1873 as a passenger station and became a freight station in the 1890s before closing in 1946. The station was relocated to its current location on June 13 1974 and has since been remodeled as a restaurant.
 All-Hallows-the-Less (also known as All-Hallows-upon-the-Cellar) was a church in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Château de la Roche is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Bellefosse in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace France. It is dated to the 13th century.
 San Nicolas de Tolentino is a parish church in Quezon City. It belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao under the Vicariate of Sto. Nino. Its Feast day is September 10 with Titular of San Nicolas de Tolentino. Its former Parish Priests Fr. Jose Fortunato R. Garces OAR.
 Union Church is a historic church on the south side of US 302 0.1 miles west of the junction with ME 11/114 in Naples Maine.It was built in 1857 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Black Hawk Hotel is an historic building located in downtown Cedar Falls Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.A hotel has occupied the same site in Cedar Falls since the early 1850s. The hotels have occupied two different buildings and had several names over the years. The Winslow House was a wood frame stage coach hotel that was built c. 1853. It was renamed the Western in 1858 and an additional floor was added to the building.
 The George and Sarah Joslyn Home (officially named Lynhurst yet known locally as Joslyn Castle) is a mansion located at 3902 Davenport Street in the Gold Coast Historic District of Omaha Nebraska USA. Built in the Scottish Baronial style in 1903 the Castle was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It was designated as an Omaha landmark in 1979.
 Viksdalen Church (Norwegian: Viksdalen kyrkje) is a the main parish church in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Vik. The church is part of the Viksdalen parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 284 seats was consecrated on 5 November 1848 by Dean Johan Grønnlund. The church was probably built using architectural drawings by Hans Linstow.
 The Hardware Mutual Insurance Companies Building is located in Stevens Point Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Riverside Methodist Hospital is the largest member hospital of OhioHealth a not-for-profit faith-based healthcare system located in Columbus Ohio.As a regional tertiary care hospital Riverside Methodist is host to a number of specialty centers and services including Neuroscience and Stroke Heart and Vascular Maternity and Women’s Health Cancer Care Trauma Center II Hand and Microvascular Surgery and Minimally Invasive Surgeries Orthopedics Imaging and Bariatric Surgery.
 Fort Lookout was the site of a Civil War engagement within the Camden Expedition.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 and with other sites is part of the Camden Expedition Sites National Historic Landmark.
 San Giacomo di Rialto is a church in the sestiere of San Polo Venice northern Italy. The addition of Rialto to the name distinguishes this church from its namesake San Giacomo dall'Orio found in the sestiere of Santa Croce on the same side of the Grand Canal. It has a large 15th century clock above the entrance a useful item in the Venetian business district but regarded as a standing joke for its inaccuracy. The Gothic portico is one of the few surviving examples in Venice.
 The Château de Brax is a ruined castle in the commune of Brax in the Haute-Garonne département of France. Originally constructed in the 13th century there were alterations and additions in the 16th and 18th centuries.Privately owned it has been listed since 1946 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 Saint Paul's Church Chapel and Parish House is a historic place at 15 and 27 Saint Paul Street and 104 Aspinwall Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Motor Row District is a historic district in Chicago’s Near South Side community area. Motor Row includes buildings on Michigan Avenue between 2200 and 2500 south directly west of McCormick Place convention center and 1444 1454 1737 1925 2000 S. Michigan Ave. as well as 2246-3453 S. Indiana Ave. and 2211-47 S. Wabash Ave.
 Kidzu Children's Museum is a children's museums aimed at pre-school through elementary ages.The museum was established in 2006 in a store front on Franklin Street in Chapel Hill North Carolina near the intersection of Columbia. The museum soon outgrew the location and began looking for larger space. In November 2011 after construction delays pushed back the move to a larger space the museum temporarily moved to University Square while their permanent home at Wallace Plaza is constructed.
 The Nihon Go Gakko (日本語学校 nihongo gakkō literally Japanese Language School) alternately Nihon Gogakko in what was then Tacoma Washington's Japantown was one of 24 Japanese language schools that existed in Washington prior to World War II.
 The Garrett-Bullock House is a fine example of Queen Anne style architecture in Columbus Georgia. This High Victorian mansion was built in 1881 by Confederate Colonel Joseph S. Garrett (Columbus merchant postmaster and planter).The house was sold in 1910 to Osborn C. Bullock a Columbus banker and business leader whose family resided in the house until the death of his last surviving daughter Margaret Bullock Schaefer in 1985.
 The LaMoure County Courthouse in LaMoure North Dakota was built in 1907. It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.The structure includes a highly-detailed metal-covered dome with bull's eye windows topped by a ball finial. An octagonal tower with columns and arched windows supports the dome. The front facade features four large Corinithian columns.
 Utley-Council House was built in 1820. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2002.
 Zalmon Richards House was a home of Zalmon Richards founder of the National Education Association.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 San Giovanni Evangelista is a church in Parma northern Italy part of a complex also including a Benedictine convent and grocery.
 Staircase House is a Grade II* listed medieval building dating from around 1460 situated in Stockport historically in Cheshire now within Greater Manchester England.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Bellingham Washington also known as the Federal Building was built in 1912. It was designed by James Knox Taylor in Renaissance architecture style. It served historically as a courthouse as a post office and as a government office building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The national Museum of World Culture opened in Gothenburg Sweden in 2004. Its aim is to interpret the subject of world culture in an interdisciplinary way. The museum is situated next to the Universeum Science Centre and the amusement park Liseberg and close to Korsvägen. The museum interprets the concept of world culture in a dynamic and open-ended manner. On the one hand various cultures are incorporating impulses from each other and becoming more alike.
 Maribor Synagogue (Slovene: Sinagoga Maribor) is a former synagogue and current museum in the city of Maribor Slovenia. Located in what was the center of the medieval Maribor ghetto Židovska ulica (Jewish Street) it is one of the oldest preserved synagogues in Europe and one of only two left in Slovenia; the other being the Lendava Synagogue (Slovene: Sinagoga Lendava).
 The Bakken previously known as The Bakken: A Library and Museum of Electricity in Life and known in the past as the Medtronic Museum of Electricity in Life located on the shores of Lake Calhoun in Minneapolis Minnesota in the United States is the world's only library and museum devoted to medical electricity. Focused on scholars and on young people The Bakken educates visitors about the history of electricity and electromagnetism from 1200 A. D. to the present.
 St. John Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in the unincorporated community of Fryburg in Pusheta Township Auglaize County Ohio United States. The parish was established in 1848 the same year in which the community was platted and construction was completed in 1850. A Catholic school in connection with the church was established in 1877.
 The Dayton Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 East Wheeling Historic District is a national historic district located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The district encompasses 300 contributing buildings and one contributing site including the Monroe Street East Historic District. The district is primarily residential developed in the late-19th and early-20th century. A number of popular architectural styles are represented including Greek Revival and Gothic Revival. Notable non-residential buildings include St.
 George Capron House is a historic house located at 6 North Pleasant Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house is considered a fine example of a builders Queen Anne style house built for middle class residents during the late 19th century. The 2-1/2 story house includes a matching carriage house located at the rear of the property.
 Green-Wood Cemetery was founded in 1838 as a rural cemetery in Kings County New York. It was granted National Historic Landmark status in 2006 by the U.S. Department of the Interior. Located in Greenwood Heights Brooklyn it lies several blocks southwest of Prospect Park between Park Slope Windsor Terrace Borough Park Kensington and Sunset Park.
 Lockport Industrial District is a national historic district located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. The district features the two sets of Erie Canal locks constructed in 1859 and in 1909-1918 respectively known as the Northern Tier and Southern Tier. Also in the district are the remains of industrial buildings built along the related hydraulic raceway along the north side of the canal.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Casa La Tumbona is a house on the beach in Ostende a coastal resort in Pinamar Partido in the province of Buenos Aires Argentina. It was designed in 1986 by the architect Clorindo Testa who is a prominent member of the Argentine rationalist movement and one of the pioneers of brutalist architecture there. The house is elevated on pillars and located so close to the sea that the waves at times can wash underneath the house.
 The Regent Apartments located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 State Correctional Institution – Muncy is a Pennsylvania Department of Corrections prison for women in Clinton Township Lycoming County near Muncy. SCI Muncy a close security prison has Pennsylvania's death row for women.In 1920 the Muncy Industrial Home a training school for imprisoned women between 16 and 30 opened. In 1953 the industrial home became a part of the Bureau of Correction.
 Tanger Outlets Pittsburgh also called Tanger Outlets Washington is an open-air outlet mall in South Strabane Township in Washington County Pennsylvania owned by Tanger Factory Outlet Centers. It is located within the Pittsburgh Metro Area. It is located on Race Track Road off of Interstate 79 in Pennsylvania in a 122 acres (49 ha) development called Victory Center.
 The Vitri Tower is a 75-story tall building located on Costa del Este Panama City. The building is 281 meters high and is the second tallest building in Panama City and the third of Latin America. It is located on the west side of the building Ocean Two its construction began in 2007 and reached its maximum height in late 2010 with completion in early 2012.
 Pleasant View Plantation House is located in Oscar Louisiana. It was built in 1820 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 5 1984.
 Monmouth Fire and Rescue Station is located on the Rockfield Road Monmouth Wales. The station looks after Monmouth and surrounding area and is part of the South Wales Fire and Rescue Service. There is currently one Retained Watch (not full-time).Monmouth Fire and Rescue Station has one Station Commander who is also responsible for two other stations. There is one watch manager who looks after the station and its resources.
 Duncanson-Cranch House is an historic house located at 468-470 N Street Southwest Washington D.C..
 The Hesperia Tower is a hotel situated in the district of Bellvitge in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona) Catalonia Spain. It has a tower of 28 storeys and 105 metres (344 ft). It was the tallest building in L'Hospitalet until the Plaça d'Europa Towers were constructed. It is topped by a glass dome that contains a revolving restaurant headed by chef Santi Santamaria. It was designed by the British architect Richard Rogers together with Luis Alonso and Sergi Balaguer.
 Good Spring Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery within Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Washington County Courthouse is an historic governmental building located at 256 East Court in Weiser Idaho. Designed in the Moderne or Art Deco styles of architecture by architects Tourtellotte and Hummel it was built in 1939 by contractor J.F. Ulmer. On September 28 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places
 W New Orleans is a high-rise building in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana. The building rises 279 feet (85 m). It contains 23 floors and was completed in 1984. W New Orleans is currently tied with Charity Hospital as the 28th-tallest building in the city. It also stands as the 8th-tallest hotel in New Orleans. The architectural firm who designed the building was DMJM. The structure is an example of modern architecture.
 Burgruine Straßfried is a castle in Carinthia Austria. It is located next to the Austrian-Italian border by Arnoldstein in Carinthia.The name of the castle means Ruins of Castle Strasbourg and draws attention to its location and its earlier strategic importance. Straßfried lies on a forested hill at the junction of roads from Italy with another from the Gail River valley. The castle is first documented as Castrum Strazvrid in 1279 when the estate was captured by the Habsburg King Rudolf.
 Monmouth Priory Priory Street Monmouth Monmouthshire is a building that incorporates the remains of the monastic buildings attached to St Mary’s Priory Church. The priory was a Benedictine foundation of 1075 and parts of the mediaeval buildings remain. The buildings were substantially redeveloped in the nineteenth century for use as St Mary's National School and now form a community centre. The complex is a Grade II* listed building as of 27 June 1952.
 Tellisford Mill is a 55 kW installed capacity micro hydro run-of-the-river power station on the site of a former watermill located in the village of Tellisford in the Mendip district of Somerset England. The mill lies on the River Frome 6 miles (9.7 km) north-east of the town of Frome.Part of the Mendip Power Group the mill was restored to power in April 2007 using a German made 55Kw vertically mounted Kaplan turbine which is expected to produce on average 270 kWh per year.
 Gokuraku-ji (極楽寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon sect located in Kamakura Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It was founded in 1259 by Ninshō (1217-1303) and has been restored and rebuilt many times since then.
 Coghlan Castle is a building in Rolette County North Dakota near St. John North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 16 2008 and is the third property that is listed as featured property of the week.It is of stone construction.
 The Old Lake County Courthouse also known as Lake County Courthouse in Lakeport California is a building built in 1870. It served Lake County as a seat of government from 1871 until 1968. Precedent-setting trials on water rights were held here along with the White Cap murder trial a notorious episode in vigilantism held here in 1890. This brick courthouse constructed by A.P.
 All Nations Christian College is a missions college located in Hertfordshire and validated by the Open University.
 Gunston Hall is an 18th-century Georgian mansion near the Potomac River in Mason Neck Virginia United States of America. The house was the home of the United States Founding Father George Mason. It was located at the center of a 5500 acre (22 km²) plantation. The construction period of Gunston Hall was between 1755 and 1759.The interior of the house and its design was mostly the work of William Buckland a carpenter/joiner and indentured servant from England.
 The North Brookfield Town House is a historic municipal building at 185 N. Main Street in North Brookfield Massachusetts. The 3.5 story wood frame building was built in 1864 to a design by Elbridge Boyden and Son. The building is located prominently in the center of North Brookfield's commercial district and is distinguished by the 60-foot (18 m) tower at the corner of North Main and Summer Streets. The building is richly decorated with Italianate and French Second Empire styling.
 Snow Fountain and Clock is an historic clock at N. Main and E. Main Streets in Brockton Massachusetts USA.The clock was built in 1902 and added to the National Historic Register in 1977.
 Jenning's Tavern also known as Benjamin Patterson Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Corning in Steuben County New York. It is a two story ell shaped frame structure in the Federal style. Built in 1796 it is the oldest frame building in the area and perhaps all of Steuben County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 St. Mary's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Indianapolis Indiana. It is built in the Gothic Revival style modeled after the Cologne Cathedral in Germany. The church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The church was established in 1858 as St. Marienkirche to serve the growing population of German Catholics who were making their home in Indianapolis.
 The Shops at North Bridge once known as Westfield North Bridge is an upscale urban retail-entertainment district in Chicago Illinois located at 520 N. Michigan Avenue. Its anchor store is a Nordstrom; other tenants include Lego Store and Sephora. Its name alludes first to its location within the nine-block North Bridge complex and to the literal distinction of the shopping center incorporating four-level enclosed bridges over both east Grand Ave and north Rush Street.
 Saint Vedast Foster Lane or Saint Vedast-alias-Foster a church in Foster Lane in the City of London is dedicated to St. Vedast (Foster is an Anglicisation of his name) a French saint whose cult came to England through contacts with Augustinian clergy.
 The General Post Office Kolkata is the central post office of the city of Kolkata India and the chief post office of West Bengal. The post-office handles most of the city's inbound and outbound mail and parcels. Situated in the B.B.D. Bagh area the imposing structure of the GPO is one of the landmarks in the city.
 The Bama Theatre is a historic theater in Tuscaloosa Alabama that currently serves as the city's performing arts center. Its modern redevelopment is the result of cooperation between the Arts Council of Tuscaloosa and the Tuscaloosa County Parks and Recreation Authority. The three-story brick and limestone building is located at the corner of Sixth Street and Greensboro Avenue in downtown Tuscaloosa. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1984.
 Ernest L. Blumenschein House was a home of painter Ernest L. Blumenschein a co-founder of the Taos Society of Artists and one of the Taos Six.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.
 The William Harvey Hospital is a hospital in Willesborough Ashford Kent England. It is one of the three main hospitals in the East Kent Hospitals University NHS Trust area and is named after William Harvey (1578–1657) the Folkestone-born doctor who discovered the blood circulatory system.
 Towne Farm is a historic farm complex at 55 Towne Road in Boxford Massachusetts. It is the most complete remaining farm complex in the town and is also notable for its long association with the locally prominent Towne family which owned the surviving farmland and surrounding land from 1777 until the 1930s.
 The organization formerly known as Midwest Proton Radiotherapy Institute (MPRI) now the Indiana University Health Proton Therapy Center. The Center offers proton therapy in Bloomington Indiana United States affiliated with the Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Center of Indiana University. MPRI began treating patients in 2004 the third active proton therapy center in the United States. MPRI has treated over 1000 patients.
 The Exchange State Bank at the corner of Main and 1st Sts. in Grand Meadow Minnesota United States is a Prairie School style building that was built in 1910. It was designed by architects Purcell & Elmslie. It has also been known as the First American State Bank. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Sardis Baptist Church in Birmingham Alabama also known as Old Sardis Baptist Church was built in 1956. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Kingston or Sasscer's House is a 1 1⁄2-story historic home located at Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is believed to be the oldest building remaining in the town of Upper Marlboro and may have been built at least in part before 1730. Many alterations and additions made to it in the Victorian era including gingerbread details typical of this era.
 The Grimes Octagon Barn is an historical structure located near West Union in rural Fayette County Iowa. It was built in 1880 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is an octagon that measures 65 feet (19.8 m) around. It features red metal siding and a sectional conical roof.
 The Orpheum Theatre also known as New Orpheum Theatre and Orpheum Electric Building is a performing arts center located at 528 S. Pierce Street in Sioux City Iowa. Built in 1927 as a vaudeville and movie palace the theatre was restored in 1999 and today is the home of the Sioux City Symphony Orchestra.
 The Cleveland County Courthouse in Rison Arkansas was built in 1911. Located at Main and Magnolia Streets it is a two story brick structure measuring 100 feet (30 m) by 70 feet (21 m) and topped by a hipped tile roof. A square central tower rises 20 feet (6.1 m) above the roof and includes a four-faced clock with louvered arches below the clock and an arched cornice above topped by an octagonal cupola.The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Pierce Courthouse also known as Pierce Historic Site is a historic wooden building located in Pierce Idaho. It was built in 1862 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The courthouse and the town of Pierce itself is named after Elias D. Pierce a local metal prospector active in the mid-19th century. Later the town of Pierce became the Shoshone County (Washington Territory) seat.
 Riverside Art Museum is an art museum in the historic Mission Inn District of Riverside California. A non-profit organization its mission is to to serve the varied communities of the Inland Empire by providing visual art of the finest quality and related educational and interpretive programs.The building originally served the Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA) and it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 2009.
 The Church of St James and St Paul Marton is situated to the south of the village of Marton Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Congleton. Its benefice is combined with those of Holy Trinity Capesthorne Christ Church Eaton and All Saints Siddington.
 Hearn and Rawlins Mill also known as the Cannon and Ross Mill and Hearn Mill is a historic grist mill complex located near Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built about 1880 on the site of a previous mill built in 1820. It is a water powered mill with two overshot wheels installed in 1912. The mill and two associated warehouses are frame buildings sheathed in metal on brick footings.
 The historic Chickasaw Nation Capitols are located in Tishomingo Oklahoma. The property consists of Chickasaw Council House Museum and the Chickasaw Nation Capitol building which has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 5 1971.The Chickasaw Council House and Museum chronicles the history of the Chickasaw Tribe including exhibits on their removal from tribal lands in present-day Mississippi during the Trail of Tears and their settlement in Oklahoma.
 The Sac County Courthouse in Sac City Iowa United States was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Oystermouth Castle (Welsh: Castell Ystum Llwynarth) is a Norman stone castle in Wales overlooking Swansea Bay on the east side of the Gower Peninsula near the village of the Mumbles.
 The Springer Opera House is a historic (structure) and producing theater]] located in Downtown Columbus Georgia. First opened February 21 1871 the theater was named the State Theatre of Georgia by Governor Jimmy Carter for its 100th anniversary season a designation made permanent by the 1992 state legislature. The Springer has hosted legendary performers such as Edwin Booth Ethel Barrymore Agnes de Mille and bandleader John Phillip Sousa.
 The Kensington Historic District is a national historic district located at Kensington Montgomery County Maryland. The district includes the core of the original town that was incorporated in 1894 It is dominated by large late-19th and early-20th-century houses many with wraparound porches stained glass windows and curving brick sidewalks.
 Myyrmanni is a shopping center located at the Myyrmäki suburb of Vantaa Finland. The center was built in the early 1990s and it has over 120 stores and 1100 parking spaces. It was the site of the Myyrmanni bombing on October 11 2002.From the center of Helsinki Myyrmanni is best reached by bus 452 or by train M.
 Temple Church (grid reference ST5972) is a ruined church in Redcliffe Bristol England that was founded in the mid-12th century by Robert of Gloucester and the Knights Templar.Temple Church was the scene of the exorcism of George Lukins conducted by Methodist and Anglican clergy. The church was bombed and largely destroyed in the Bristol Blitz. It is a listed building now owned by English Heritage.
 Old Brick Church is a historic church off VT 35 in Athens Vermont.It was built in 1817 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Andrew B. Cooke House in Virginia Beach Virginia was designed in 1953 and completed in 1959 for Andrew B. & Maude Cooke. Along with the Pope-Leighey House and the Luis Marden House it is one of three Frank Lloyd Wright designs in Virginia. A variation of Wright's solar hemicycle designs the Cooke House features yellow-gold brick and a copper cantilevered roof.
 The Schinasi Mansion is a French Renaissance home located at 351 Riverside Drive in Manhattan. It is cited as the only privately owned fully detached single-family residence in Manhattan. Completed in 1909 at the northeast corner of West 107th Street and Riverside Drive the three-story 12000 square foot mansion was designed in neo-French-Renaissance style by William Tuthill. the same architect who designed Carnegie Hall.
 Gursken Church (Norwegian: Gursken kyrkje) is a parish church in Sande Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Gursken on the island of Gurskøya. The church is part of the Gursken parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1919 by the architect Eduard Carlén. The church seats about 270 people.
 Proctor's Theater is located on Fourth Street (northbound US 4) in Troy New York United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and is a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District added to the Register in 1986.It was built in 1914 for vaudeville performances by Capital District entrepreneur Frederick Freeman Proctor who also built another theater with his name in nearby Schenectady.
 The House at 40 Crescent Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a particularly fine Greek Revival house. Built in 1839 the 1.5 story wood frame house has a roof that is cantilevered over the front of the house where it is supported by Doric columns. Doors and windows both have architrave surrounds and both the front door and the side door have sidelight windows.
 The Museum of the Confederacy is located in Richmond Virginia. The museum includes the former White House of the Confederacy and maintains a comprehensive collection of artifacts manuscripts Confederate imprints (books and pamphlets) and photographs from the Confederate States of America and the American Civil War (1861–1865).In November 2013 the museum's governance was merged with the American Civil War Center at Historic Tredegar.
 The C. H. Judd House is a historic farmhouse located in rural Jefferson County Illinois near the village of Belle Rive. The brick Victorian home was constructed in 1881. Most farmhouses constructed in Jefferson County in the 1880s were frame buildings and few houses were built of sturdier brick. Furthermore the majority of the brick farmhouses were either destroyed in an 1888 tornado or demolished and the Judd House is the only surviving brick farmhouse from the era.
 The Patuxent River Naval Air Museum (PRNAM) preserves and interprets the Patuxent River Naval Air Base history and heritage of advancing US Naval aviation technology.This museum is the repository of artifacts photographs and film documents and related heritage memorabilia from Patuxent River and other stations such as Warminster PA and Trenton NJ that have been consolidated at Patuxent River.
 St Mary the Virgin's Church Stonham Parva is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Stonham Parva Suffolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is sited 10 miles (16 km) north of Ipswich to the west of the A140 road.
 The Central School in Laurinburg North Carolina was built in 1910. It was designed by architect Oliver Duke Wheeler in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Baca-Goodman House was a single-dwelling home in Tucumcari New Mexico United States. Tucumcari merchant Benito Baca built the house around 1905 and subsequent owner Herman Goodman expanded it in the 1920s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as an example of early 20th century New Mexico architecture but it was removed from the Register four years later.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 202 N. Summit in Girard Kansas.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 The former St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic parish church located at 1301-1305 West Market Street in Louisville Kentucky United States. The church built in 1860 is a large 3-story steepled redbrick Romanesque Revival building while the rectory next door is a 2-story redbrick structure.
 The Goldwell Open Air Museum is an outdoor sculpture park near the ghost town of Rhyolite in the U.S. state of Nevada. The 7.8-acre (3.2 ha) site is located at the northern end of the Amargosa Valley about 120 miles (190 km) northwest of Las Vegas and about 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Beatty off State Route 374. About 5 miles (8.0 km) further west is Death Valley National Park.
 The Wieboldt-Rostone House is a house that was built in 1933. Framed in steel and clad with an artificial stone called Rostone (Limestone shale and alkali). Billed as never needing repairs it only lasted until the 1950s.Intended to showcase a new building material of limestone waste and shale the Rostone House was the product of Rostone Inc. of Lafayette Indiana and the Indiana Bridge Company Construction was simplified by the completion of most design and fabrication work at a factory.
 Upper Weyanoke is a historic plantation home located near Charles City Charles City County Virginia. The property contains a 1 1/2-story cottage built about 1815 and a larger two-story Greek Revival style residence erected in 1858-59. The cottage was probably built by John Minge as a two-room dependency to a now vanished main dwelling.
 St Michael's Church Barton is located in the parish of Barton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Penrith the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Paul Pooley Bridge St Peter Martindale and St Martin Martindale. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Podmalinsko Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Подмалинско) or Tušinski Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery near Šavnik in modern-day Montenegro (then Kingdom of Serbia).
 MacFarland House also known as MacFarland-Ruby-Crowley-Hubbard House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built in 1836 and is one of only six pre-American Civil War houses still standing in the city. The house features a full two-story modified Roman Doric portico. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Kanata Theatre a community theatre organization operates the Ron Maslin Playhouse a 350-seat theatre located in the Ottawa neighbourhood of Kanata. It was opened in May 1996 by Merle Nicholds then the mayor of Kanata and Marianne Wilkinson. The Building was designed by Peter Smith who also designed the Princess of Wales Theatre in Toronto
 The Bottorff-McCulloch Farm is an historic farm on the National Register of Historic Places since 1995 and is located west of Charlestown Indiana. It was put on the Register for its significance in Agriculture Exploration/Settlement and Architecture. It was owned by John T. Bottorff and later Frank McCullough. During Bottorff's tenure he operated a horse-powered mill. It has been renamed and is a private residence.
 Villa Tugendhat is a historical building in the wealthy neighbourhood of Černá Pole in Brno Czech Republic. It is one of the pioneering prototypes of modern architecture in Europe and was designed by the German architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe. Built of reinforced concrete between 1928 and 1930 for Fritz Tugendhat and his wife Greta the villa soon became an icon of modernism.
 The Merchant Street Historic District in Honolulu Hawaii was the city's earliest commercial center.
 Herron-Morton Place is a historic district in Indianapolis Indiana dedicated to restoration and renewal. The boundaries of the neighborhood are East 16th Street on the south East 22nd Street on the north the alley west of North Pennsylvania on the west and the alley east of Central Avenue on the east.
 St. Vincent's Medical Center Southside is a not-for-profit faith-based hospital located in the southern part of Jacksonville Florida. It is a member of St. Vincent's HealthCare and is affiliated with Ascension Health. Founded as St. Luke's Hospital in 1873 it was Jacksonville's first private hospital and is Florida's oldest private hospital.
 45 Fremont Street is a 34-story 476 ft (145 m) office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco California between Market Street and Mission Street. Completed in 1978 the tower is often referenced as the Bechtel Building because of the spill over of offices from the Bechtel Corporation world headquarters across the street at 50 Beale Street.
 The Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal was built by a corporation in 1856-1860 to afford inland navigation between the Chesapeake Bay and the Albemarle Sound.
 San Carlo al Corso is a neo-classic church in the center of Milan.The church is managed by the Servite Order. The church facade was designed in 1844 by Carlo Amati and was finished in 1847. It then served as a model for the Chiesa Rotonda in San Bernardino Switzerland 1867.The complex was built to replace Convent of the Servite founded as early as 1290 and later was suppressed in 1799.
 The Downtown Westerly U.S. Post Office is an historic site at High and Broad Streets in Westerly Washington County Rhode Island.The building was designed in the Classical Revival style in 1913 by architect James Knox Taylor.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Ethnography and History Museum of Póvoa de Varzim (Portuguese: Museu Municipal de Etnografia e História da Póvoa de Varzim) is a museum with a maritime and ethnic theme located in the Portuguese city of Póvoa de Varzim. The museum is located in Solar dos Carneiros former home of the Viscount of Azevedo.It is a 17th-century building listed by IGESPAR as a property of public interest in Portugal. It became a museum in 1937 and is one of the oldest ethnographic museums in Portugal.
 Dungiven Castle in Dungiven County Londonderry Northern Ireland dates back to the seventeenth century although most of the current building dates from the 1830s.Following a mixed history which saw it hosting housing the US Army during World War II and later being used as a dance hall during the 1950s and 1960s the castle fell into such a state of disrepair that the local council decided to demolish it.
 St. Mary's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal parish in Burlington Burlington County New Jersey United States. The original church was built in 1703 and was supplemented with a new church on adjacent land in 1854. On May 31 1972 the new church was added to the National Register of Historic Places and on June 24 1986 it was declared a National Historic Landmark.
 The Canadian Football Hall of Fame is a not-for-profit corporation located in Hamilton Ontario that celebrates great achievements in Canadian football. It is an open to the public institution. It includes displays about the Canadian Football League Canadian university football and Canadian junior football history. It includes a gift shop and the Hall recently opened a website.
 This article is about Jameh Mosque of Borujerd; for similar uses see Jameh Mosque (disambiguation).The Jāmeh Mosque of Borujerd (Persian: مسجد جامع بروجرد‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Borujerd) is a congregational mosque (Jāmeh) in Borujerd in the province of Loristan western Iran. The mosque is the oldest mosque in the Zagros area and western Iran. It ranks as No. 228 in the Inventory of National Artefacts of Iran. The mosque located in the old district of Borujerd city previously called Do Dangeh.
 St. Mary's Hall is a guildhall built in Coventry Warwickshire England first built 1340-42 and much altered and extended circa 1392–1430 The Building has a vaulted undercroft which is currently a restaurant.
 The Kathryn Tucker Windham Museum is a biographical museum located on the campus of Alabama Southern Community College in Thomasville Alabama. It is dedicated to preserving the works of native author storyteller and journalist Kathryn Tucker Windham. Windham spent much of her life recording Alabama's history and folklore. The museum was dedicated on June 1 2003 Windham's 85th birthday.
 The Comfort Historic District is a historic district listed in the National Register of Historic Places that encompasses almost all of the original townsite of Comfort Texas and includes over 100 buildings that represents a century of development from 1854 through 1954.
 The Studio Building is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located at 2045 Shattuck Avenue Berkeley California. It dates back to 1905 and at the time of its building was the tallest building in downtown Berkeley. It was built by Frederick H. Dakin for use by his real estate investment company. The architect is not recorded. The building was the original location of the California College of the Arts.
 Millennium House is a Grade II listed building in Stockport.
 Cēsis Castle (German: Wenden) is a Livonian castle situated in Cēsis Latvia. Its ruins are some of the most impressive castle ruins in the Baltic states. Once the most important castle of the Livonian Order it was the official residence for the masters of the order.[citation needed] It was partly destroyed during the Great Northern War.
 Benton Avenue AME Church is a historic church at 830 N. Benton Avenue in Springfield Missouri.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 The National Space Centre is one of the United Kingdom's leading visitor attractions that is devoted to space science and astronomy. It is located in the city of Leicester England next to the River Soar on the A6.
 Alex Giualini Plaza is a park surrounding a vacant building in downtown Hayward California. The building was Hayward's first city hall. It is located on Mission Boulevard and D Street.
 The Roman Catholic Parish church Saint John the Baptist (French: Église paroissiale Saint-Jean Baptiste) formerly Collegiate church Saint Florentius (Collégiale Saint-Florent) is the main church of the small city of Niederhaslach in Alsace. The building is widely considered one of the finest and most ornate examples of Gothic architecture and Gothic art in the Bas-Rhin departement of France.
 Westminster College Gymnasium in Fulton Missouri was the site of Winston Churchill's March 5 1946 Sinews of Peace speech in which he stated that From Stettin in the Baltic to Trieste in the Adriatic an iron curtain has descended across the Continent. The speech at Westminster College focused on the United Nations nuclear proliferation and Soviet expansion.The 80 feet (24 m) by 155-foot (47 m) brick structure was built in 1928-29 with two-story office blocks to either side of the prominent entrance block backed by the gymnasium. 
 Pilgrim Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 909 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The brick Romanesque Revival building was constructed in 1887 to a design by local architect Stephen Earle. The buildings windows and other details are trimmed in sandstone and a tower with projecting rounded corners rises from one corner.
 The Cambridge Museum of Technology is an industrial heritage museum situated in Cambridge UK. The original building a Scheduled Ancient Monumenthoused a combined sewage pumping and waste destructor station built in 1894.
 St. Georges Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located on Main Street in St. Georges New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1844 and is a one-story brick temple form Greek Revival style building with a frame steeple. The main block measures 43 feet 6 inches wide by 77 feet 8 inches long and sits on an uncoursed fieldstone foundation. The roof is supported by a Town lattice truss.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The China Ditch is in Myrtle Creek Oregon United States and is a canal that stretches for as long as 30 miles (48 km) and was built by Chinese laborers of the late 1800s. The Myrtle Creek Consolidated Hydraulic Gold Mining and Manufacturing Company were the ones who bought the land and paid for the whole construction of the ditch to be done into the hills of North Myrtle Creek.
 Votive statue of the Holy Trinity (Croatian: Zavjetni kip Presvetog Trojstva) is a stone statue in Osijek Croatia. It is located in Tvrđa on Holy Trinity Square.
 The Art League of Daytona Beach is located at 433 South Palmetto Avenue Daytona Beach Florida. It contains exhibits by local artists and holds regular classes and workshops.
 One Park Tower alternately referenced as 34 Peachtree Street is a 134 m (440 ft) class-B office building skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It was completed in 1961 and has 32 floors. It is the 24th tallest building in Atlanta and was the tallest until it was passed by 2 Peachtree Street in 1966.
 Lemmons also known as Gladsmuir House and Gladsmuir was the home of novelists Kingsley Amis (1922–1995) and Elizabeth Jane Howard (1923–2014) on Hadley Common Monken Hadley on the border of north London and Hertfordshire.The couple bought the Georgian house and its eight acres of land in 1968 for £48000 at auction and lived there until 1976. The house had been registered as a Grade II listed building in 1949 under the name Gladsmuir House.
 The Caldwell County Courthouse Historic District is a historic district located in Lockhart Texas the seat of Caldwell County. The historic district encompasses 67 buildings on 250 acres (1.0 km2) across downtown Lockhart. One building included in the historic district the Emmanuel Episcopal Church was previously listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 3 1978.
 The Capt. Sylvester Baxter House is a historic house at 156 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Italianate house was built c. 1855 by Captain Sylvester Baxter a politically prominent local ship's captain. The house exterior has been stuccoed and the roof is a cross-gable style with a cupola on top. The windows are topped by stilted segmented arches.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Haigh Hall is a historic country house in Haigh Metropolitan Borough of Wigan Greater Manchester England. It has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage. The hall built between 1827 and 1840 by James Lindsay 7th Earl of Balcarres replaced an ancient manor house and was his family's home until 1947 when it was sold to Wigan Council.
 Naresuan University Hospital is a primary teaching hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University located on the campus of Naresuan University in Phitsanulok Thailand. The hospital is designed as the super tertiary care medical center in the lower northern region of Thailand.
 The Wanich Covered Bridge No. 69 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Hemlock Township and Mount Pleasant Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 98.75-foot-long (30.10 m) Burr Truss arch bridge constructed in 1884. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Penwerris is a parish church of the Church of England located in Penwerris near Falmouth Cornwall. The church is Anglo-Catholic and under the care of the Bishop of Ebbsfleet rather than the diocesean bishop.The church was originally dedicated to the Holy Trinity but this was later changed to St Michael & All Angels. It is a plain rectangular building of stone erected in 1827 and opened on 9 January 1828. It consists of a nave only and a western gallery.
 The Miller-Rowe/Holgate House at 18 Winter St. in Reno Nevada is a historic house that was built in 1902-03. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 as Miller-Rowe-Holgate House (reflecting a typo); the listing included two contributing buildings.It was deemed significant for its association with the community planning and development area ofsignificance and the evolution of building use in Powning's Addition development of Reno.
 The Cove Island Houses although plural in name is a single house in Stamford Connecticut that was expanded from a first section that dates from 1791. It is now predominantly a Georgian style house with an older Federal style wing and is the only building that is a legacy of the large Stamford Mills complex at the Cove.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It's included in Cove Island Park.It's in The Cove section of Stamford.
 The John Nance Garner House also known as Briscoe-Garner Museum or the Ettie R. Garner Memorial Building located in Uvalde Texas United States was the home of American Vice-President John Nance Garner and his wife Ettie from 1920 until Ettie's death in 1948. Garner a native of Uvalde lived there until 1952 when he moved to a small cottage on the property and donated the main house to the City of Uvalde as a memorial to Mrs. Garner.
 The Piedmont Hotel was a hotel which took up the block between Peachtree Luckie Forsyth and Broad streets. The hotel opened with a gala celebration on January 15 1903. It was built on the site of the homesteads of Atlanta pioneers William Ezzard and Dr. James F. Alexander. It was Atlanta's first New York or Northern-style hotel. It entertained Presidents Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson William Jennings Bryant.
 The Hancock Street Fourplex is a complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Clemence-Irons House (also known as the Edward Manton House) is an historic residential home in Johnston Rhode Island US. It was built by Richard Clemence in 1691 and is a rare surviving example of a stone ender a once common building type first developed in the western part of England. The structure is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hearst Memorial Mining Building at the University of California Berkeley is home to the university's Materials Science and Engineering Department with research and teaching spaces for the subdisciplines of biomaterials; chemical and electrochemical materials; computational materials; electronic magnetic and optical materials; and structural materials.
 The Elizabeth R. Hooker House at 123 Edgehill Rd. New Haven Connecticut is an English-style Arts and Crafts suburban villa designed by Delano and Aldrich and built in 1914 for Elizabeth R. Hooker. Hooker was a 20th-century progressive activist scholar and writer in areas such as women's rights public health care and historic preservation. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome is a museum of World War I and Golden Age aircraft and antique automobiles that is located in Red Hook New York USA.
 St. John's Church (Danish: St. Johannes Kirke) is a church located next to Sankt Hans Torv in the heart of the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen Denmark. Opened in 1861 it was the first church to be built outside the city's old fortification ring when it was decommissioned and new residential neighbourhoods sprung up outside the former city gates.
 Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright Samara also known as the John E. Christian House is located in West Lafayette Indiana. The home is an example of the Usonian homes that Wright designed. Samara was built from 1954 and 1956 and is still occupied by the original owner John E. Christian.
 The New Mexico Supreme Court Building is located in the city of Santa Fe county of Santa Fe in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Santa Fe County New Mexico in 2002.
 First Baptist Church of Interlaken is a historic Baptist church located at Interlaken in Seneca County New York. It was constructed in 1861 and is a brick and stone church with a vernacular Romanesque Revival style and decorative features. It features two irregular corner towers that convey an overall asymmetry to the edifice.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Christodora House is a historic building located at 143 Avenue B in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was designed by architect Henry C. Pelton (architect of Riverside Church Manhattan) in the American Perpendicular Style and constructed in 1928 as a settlement house for low-income and immigrant residents providing food shelter education and health services. The building as originally conceived included a gym swimming pool music school and theatre.
 Ruislip Priory was a priory in Middlesex England. In 1086 or 1087 the manor of Ruislip was given to Bec Abbey by Ernulf de Hesdin. An administrative centre it had a prior before 1200. In the early 13th century the administration of Bec's manors (over 20) was shared with Ogbourne Priory in Wiltshire. Ruislip was always a manor-house rather than having conventual buildings. After 1404 the manors were reallocated Ruislip going to St Nicolas College Cambridge.
 The Nathaniel Moore Banta House is an Arts and Crafts residence adjacent to the Muller House on the grounds of the Arlington Heights Historical Museum USA. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since May 20 1998.
 St. Werburgh's Church Spondon is a parish church in the Church of England located in Spondon Derbyshire.
 St Paul's Church and Centre is a Parish Church in the Church of England Diocese of Sheffield located at the junction of Norton Lees Lane and Angerford Avenue just above Meersbrook Park.Originally built between 1875-7 St Paul's was much altered to meet the needs of an expanding congregation in 1935 when C. B. Flockton added broad North and South aisles. The recent phase of redevelopment 2006-7 has just been completed.
 The Masonic Hall in Parker South Dakota is a historic building dating from 1925. It was originally constructed as a residence by one of a local banker. After a fire in 1931 the building was purchased by the Parker Masonic lodge and converted into a lodge meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Birch House is a historic home located at Falls Church Virginia. It was built in the 1840s as a 1 1/2-story Greek Revival frame I-house dwelling. It was enlarged to two stories in the 1850s. It was again enlarged in 1873 by an extension across the rear of the original dwelling. A porch across the front was added much later. It was the home of Joseph Edward Birch and his descendants.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Sgt. Alvin C. York State Historic Park is a state park in Pall Mall in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Situated along the Wolf River the park contains the farm and gristmill once owned by decorated World War I soldier Alvin C. York (1887–1964) who lived in the Pall Mall area for most of his life.
 The Water Board Building is a high-rise office building located at 735 Randolph Street in downtown Detroit Michigan. It was constructed in 1928 and stands at 23 stories tall. It was designed by Louis Kamper in the Art Deco architectural style and its materials include granite limestone marble and terra cotta.
 The AT&T Center is a 19 story 213 foot tall neo-gothic building in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Construction began in 1918 and was completed in 1924. It houses the AT&T Wisconsin headquarters.
 First Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church meeting house at 149 William Street in New Bedford Massachusetts.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1829. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Oak Hall is a 37-room three-story Tudor-style mansion built by American mining millionaire Harry Oakes (1874-1943) located in Niagara Falls Ontario approximate 1/4 mile southwest of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls. The building has housed the offices of the Niagara Parks Commission since 1982 while the grounds contain a 9-hole golf course established in June 1966.
 The Rosemary Berkel and Harry L. Crisp II Museum is a U.S. museum located on the River Campus of Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau Missouri. It features displays and exhibitions of archaeological and historical artifacts as well as paintings and other artworks. Originally the University Museum the museum received its current name in 2001 and opened in its new building on the River Campus in 2007.
 George and Addison Wheeler House also known as Old Place is a historic home located at East Bloomfield in Ontario County New York. The Greek Revival–style home was built in two sections in about 1818 and 1840. The 2-story main block from 1840 features a temple front with a massive pedimented portico. Behind it stands a 1 1⁄2-story wing that was the original saltbox-style home constructed about 1818. Also on the property is a 19th-century barn / carriage house and a small family cemetery.
 Warren County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse located at Warren Warren County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876-1877 and is a 2 1/2-story brick and sandstone building in the Italian Renaissance Revival style. It has a slate covered mansard roof. It measures 72 feet by 122 feet and has a large 4-sided dome topped by a square clock tower and statue of justice.It was designed by architect Milton Earl Beebe.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 1 Police Plaza (often abbreviated to 1PP or OPP) is the headquarters of the New York City Police Department (NYPD). The building is located on Park Row in downtown Manhattan near City Hall and the Brooklyn Bridge. Its block borders Park Row Pearl Street and Police Plaza.The NYPD's previous headquarters was located at 240 Centre Street approximately one mile north of 1 Police Plaza.
 Hinda - Kasba Shahi Mosque (Bengali: হিন্দা-কসবা শাহী জামে মসজিদ is a mosque located in Khetlal Upazila area which is under Joypurhat District Bangladesh.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 322 Lamar Street in Paris Texas.It was built in 1922 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 The Pepin County Courthouse and Jail is located in Durand Wisconsin. In 1982 the site was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Additionally it is listed on the Wisconsin State Register of Historic Places.
 St Bartholomew's Church is in the town of Great Harwood in Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated as a Grade II* listed building.
 Altes Stadthaus (German pronunciation: [/altɛs stadthaʊs/] Old City Hall) is a former administrative building in Berlin currently used by the Senate. It faces the Molkenmarkt and is bound by four roads; Jüdenstraße Klosterstraße Parochialstraße and Stralauer Straße.
 The Feroe Building also known as the Harry C. Feroe Building and the Stewart Building is an historic two-story commercial building located at 73 S.W. Flagler Avenue corner of S.W. St. Lucie Avenue in Stuart Martin County Florida. To its north of along Flagler Avenue is Fellowship Hall built in 1912 as the Bank of Stuart while to the east along Flagler Avenue is the Lyric Theatre built in 1925 and later expanded. Built and named for Harry C. Feroe who was associated with Charles C.
 P&M Mall is the first mall of Patna the capital city of the eastern Indian state Bihar. It was opened in April 2011. Film director Prakash Jha is the owner of the mall.
 Dôme Coffee is a franchise chain of European-style café restaurants based in Perth Australia.It was founded by Patria Jaffries and Phil May in 1990.It is a dominant chain in Western Australia with dozens of stores.Dome also has a number of locations in Tasmania as well as internationally including Dubai Indonesia Philippines Malaysia Singapore Bahrain Abu Dhabi and at the Malé International Airport in the Maldives.
 Highbury is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Centennial Park Sydney Australia. It was the home of Australian novelist Patrick White for approximately twenty-six years until his death in 1990.
 Webster Baptist Church is an historic Victorian wooden church located at the intersection of NC 116 and SR 1340 in Webster North Carolina United States. In 1989 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Kirkland Lookout Ground House (Guard Station) located east of Joseph Creek in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest near Joseph Oregon was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Blair High School is a public high school in Blair Nebraska United States. The 140000-square-foot (13000 m2) building was built in 1970 at a cost of $2.2 million. Sitting on 75 acres (300000 m2) of land it services approximately 750 students.The school's former building built in 1889 has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1991.
 The Hamilton Woolen Company Historic District encompasses the well preserved Big Mill complex of the Hamilton Woolen Company built in the mid 19th century. Located at the confluence of McKinstry Brook and the Quinebaug River in central Southbridge Massachusetts the complex consists of a cluster of mill buildings and a rare collection of 1830s brick mill worker housing units located nearby.
 Erina Fair is a major shopping centre located in Erina on the Central Coast of New South Wales Australia. Erina Fair was opened as Central Coast Fair in 1987. With expansions in 1994 2003 and 2009 Erina Fair has become the largest non-metropolitan shopping centre in Australia and the largest single-storey shopping centre in the Southern Hemisphere.
 The Porto Cathedral (Portuguese: Sé do Porto) located in the historical centre of the city of Porto Portugal is one of the city's oldest monuments and one of the most important Romanesque monuments in PortugalThe current Cathedral of Porto underwent construction around 1110 under the patronage of Bishop Hugo and was completed in the 13th century but there is evidence that the city has been a bishopric seat since the Suevi domination in the 5th-6th centuries.The cathedral is flanked by two square towers each supported with two buttresses and crowned with a cupola. 
 For the historic home in Florida see Mackenzie House (Brooksville Florida)Mackenzie House is a historic building and museum in Toronto Canada that was the last home of William Lyon Mackenzie the city's first mayor.Mackenzie was forced into exile in the United States after having led the Rebellion of 1837. He returned to the newly created Province of Canada in 1850 and died in this house in 1861.
 St Mary and St Abraam Church is a Coptic Orthodox Church in Hove in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is one of 27 such churches in the British Isles twelve of which are British Orthodox churches. The Race community in Brighton and Hove was founded in 1990; four years later it moved to its present site on Davigdor Road on the Brighton/Hove border.
 Sirloin Stockade is a family-style buffet steakhouse that was started in Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States in 1966 and has grown into Stockade Companies a multi-concept restaurant company. It is now based in Hutchinson Kansas.Sirloin Stockade features an all-you-can-eat buffet serving breakfast lunch and dinner. There are approximately 50 locations in eight states including Indiana Illinois Iowa Kansas Missouri Oklahoma and Texas as well as in Mexico.
 Walsall Museum is located in the centre of Walsall in the West Midlands. The holdings of Walsall Museum range from seventeenth century firemarks to twenty-first century posters. There is also a large collection of costume and textiles; notably The Hodson Shop Collection a unique collection of unsold shop stock of working-class clothing dating from the 1920s to the 1960s.
 Atkinson Hall also known as American Legion Hall Shearer Post #350 is a building in Geneseo Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Keene Springs Hotel is a rambling wood-frame two-story Greek Revival-style building built in sections in 1841 by Mason Singleton Jr. in the hamlet of Keene near Nicholasville Kentucky in Jessamine County. They owned and operated the hotel and tavern as a resort destination for the white sulphur springs nearby. During the cholera epidemic of 1848-1849 and outbreaks in the early 1850s residents of Lexington came to the hotel to try to escape the spread of disease.
 McCarthy Building was a five-story Chicago Landmark building in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. Located in the southwest corner of the block on the northeast corner of North Dearborn Avenue and West Washington Street the John M. Van Osdel designed building had been erected in 1872 but was demolished in 1989 during the clearing of what is known as Chicago's Block 37. In order to make way for Chicago Mayor Richard M.
 Oak Hill is an historic home of the Marshall family in Delaplane Virginia.It lies north of I-66 just east of the US-17/Delaplane exit from westbound I-66. It consists of two separate houses connected by a passageway. The earlier and smaller house a Colonial farmhouse measuring 32 ft × 30 ft (9.8 m × 9.1 m) was built in 1773 by Colonel Thomas Marshall father of John Marshall Chief Justice of the United States.
 The Sălăjeni Church (Romanian: Biserica din Sălăjeni) is a church in Sălăjeni Sălaj Romania built in 1922.
 Mease Countryside Hospital is a hospital in Safety Harbor Florida.
 The Dartmouth Mall is a one-level two-story indoor shopping mall located off US 6 and Faunce Corner Road in North Dartmouth Massachusetts in the United States. Currently anchoring the mall are JC Penney Macy's and Sears. The mall also features a food court and movie theater. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust manages the mall.
 Stewartstown Railroad Station is a historic railroad station located at Stewartstown York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1915 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay by five bay brick building built by the Stewartstown Railroad. It has a slate covered hipped roof. It was used as both a freight and passenger station.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Cascade Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Burlington Washington. Opened in 1990 it features J. C. Penney Sears TJ Maxx and two Macy's stores. It is owned by Macerich.
 The Abbey Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul Shrewsbury (commonly known as Shrewsbury Abbey) is an ancient foundation in Shrewsbury the county town of Shropshire England.The Abbey was founded in 1084 as a Benedictine monastery by the Norman Earl of Shrewsbury Roger de Montgomery. It grew to be one of the most important and influential abbeys in England and an important centre of pilgrimage.
 The Marion Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Marion Alabama. It is centered on the Perry County Courthouse and includes examples of Greek Revival Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival architecture. The boundaries are roughly along Green Washington Jefferson Jackson Franklin Clements Centreville and Monroe Streets. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16 1996.
 Fort Barrancas (1839) or Fort San Carlos de Barrancas (from 1787) is a historic United States military fort in the Warrington area of Pensacola Florida located physically on Naval Air Station Pensacola.The hill-top fort connected to a sea-level water batteryoverlooks Pensacola Bay from what is now Naval Air Station Pensacola.
 Siena Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Siena) is a medieval church in Siena Italy dedicated from its earliest days as a Roman Catholic Marian church and now dedicated to Santa Maria Assunta (Holy Mary Our Lady of the Assumption).The cathedral itself was originally designed and completed between 1215 and 1263 on the site of an earlier structure. It has the form of a Latin cross with a slightly projecting transept a dome and a bell tower.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 410 Avenue A in Palestine Texas.It was built in 1887. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Joseph Kendall House is a house in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Assay Office is a historic building in Boise Idaho. It is significant for its role in the history of mining in Idaho. During the first half of the 1860s Idaho’s gold production was the third highest in the nation. Due to the difficulty of transporting bulky heavy ores the long distance to the nearest U.S. Mint in San Francisco there was great demand for an assaying office in Idaho. Gold and other precious metals are not mined in a pure form.
 Solomon's Temple in Aizawl Mizoram is constructed by a non-denominational church known in Mizo language as Kohhran Thianghlim which is rendered 'The Holy Church' in English. The church was founded by the Holy Spirit through Dr. L.B.
 Pine Orchard Union Chapel is a historic chapel at 25 Chapel Drive in Branford Connecticut.It was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Yangon Children's Hospital (YCH) (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် ကလေး ဆေးရုံ) is a major public hospital in Yangon Myanmar. The YCH was established in 1960 under the Yangon General Hospital with a capacity of 60 beds. In 1962-1963 the hospital moved to Myenigon with the capacity of 80 beds. In 1963 the hospital moved again to current 8.73-acre (35300 m2) compound. The current main building was built in 1970 with Canadian aid and opened in September 1978.
 The Cathedral Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary Tuam commonly called Tuam Cathedral is the cathedral for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuam in Ireland. The geographic remit of the Archdiocese includes half of County Galway half of County Mayo and part of County Roscommon. Prior to the English Reformation the diocesan cathedral was St Mary's which was constructed in the 14th century on the site of an earlier building.
 Oriel Chambers is the world's first building featuring a metal framed glass curtain wall. Designed by architect Peter Ellis and built in 1864 it is located on Water Street near the town hall in Liverpool England. Due to its outstanding importance it has been grade I listed.
 The Castle of Tawseelah (from Arabic: قلعة توصيلة‎ (Persian: قلعه توصیله‎) Aamaj castle is a fortified structure surrounded by trenches in North Kukherd Rural District in Kukherd District Hormozgan Province in south Iran.
 The William Forst House also known as the Clark House and the First-Clark House is a historic house located in the Russellville Historic District of Russellville Kentucky. Built in 1820 it made history between November 18 and 20 1861 as the site where the Confederate government of Kentucky was formed. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 19 1973.
 The Willard House and Clock Museum located in North Grafton Massachusetts USA is the former farm homestead of the Willard brothers (Benjamin Simon Ephraim and Aaron) who made clocks there in the late 18th century before they moved the business to Roxbury where they became pillars of the emerging American clockmaking industry. The house was built about 1718.
 Woodbourne is a historic plantation home located near Forest Bedford County Virginia. It was built in three two-story sections and representative of Federal period architecture. The earliest dates to about 1785 and is the frame east wing. The central stuccoed brick section was added about 1810 and the frame west wing between about 1815 and 1820. It has a slate gable roof with a central pediment and exterior end chimneys.
 Beverly is a historic home located at Princess Anne Somerset County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal-style Flemish bond brick dwelling measuring 40 feet by 60 feet. It was built by Nehemiah King II between 1785 and 1796. The interior of the house was partially destroyed by fire in 1937 but was restored from plans.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Museum of Life and Science (formerly known as the North Carolina Museum of Life and Science and originally titled the NC Children's Museum) is a science museum located in Durham North Carolina USA featuring an array of largely hands-on exhibits intended to illustrate concepts of natural science.The museum exists on some 80 acres (320000 m2) bisected by Murray Avenue.
 The Tornado Tower also called the QIPCO Tower is a skyscraper in Doha Qatar. The iconic building is 640 feet tall with 52 floors. Construction was completed in 2008.
 The Fort is a government building located at the intersection of Ash and Lincoln Sts. in Taft California. The building is a replica of Sutter's Fort in Sacramento. The property is surrounded by 14-foot (4.3 m) tall adobe walls with large wooden entrance gates; the interior has a main building surrounded by a courtyard and several smaller offices.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in Stamford Connecticut in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Zion Lutheran Church is located in Fredericksburg in Gillespie County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the oldest Lutheran Church in the Texas Hill Country and one of the oldest in Texas. The church was built by six families in 1852. On January 13 1853 twelve founders signed its articles of organization. The cornerstones for the church were set on March 6 1854. Designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1964 Marker number 10132.
 Shepherd's Bush Village Hall is a Victorian building located on Wood Lane in Shepherd's Bush London built in 1898. It was originally constructed as a drill hall for the 1st City of London Volunteer Artillery but now serves the community as a village hall. It was owned by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham until March 2012 when it was sold to Wigoder Family Foundation.
 St. Stephen's AME Church is an historic African Methodist Episcopal Church building located at 312 Neil Street in Sandusky Ohio in the United States. On October 20 1982 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. James Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in the historic district of Wilmington North Carolina. The church is part of the Episcopal Diocese of East Carolina and is the oldest church in the city of Wilmington.
 Veselka is a Ukrainian 24-hour restaurant in New York City’s East Village.It was established in 1954 by post-World War II Ukrainian refugees Wolodymyr and Olha Darmochawal and is one of the last of the many Slavic restaurants that once proliferated the neighborhood. A cookbook published in October 2009 by St. Martin’s Press highlights more than 120 of the restaurant’s Eastern European recipes.A sister restaurant Veselka Bowery on East 1st Street and Bowery opened in November 2011.
 The Apalachicola Historic District is a U.S. historic district in Apalachicola Florida. It is bounded by the Apalachicola River Apalachicola Bay 17th and Jefferson Streets encompasses approximately 4600 acres (19 km²)[citation needed] and contains 652 historic buildings. On November 21 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Reymer Brothers Candy Factory (also known as the Forbes Pride Building or Forbes Med-Tech Center) in the Bluff neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1906 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. Reymer and Anderson was one of the first confectionaries in Pittsburgh and it boomed during the Civil War when people sent their candies to soldiers. They prospered during the last half of the nineteenth century as Phillip Reymer's sons Jacob and Harmer took over the business.
 The Oakland Public School also known as the Holmes School in the South Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built in 1893 and expanded in 1899. It is believed that Ulysses J.L. Peoples designed the building. The school was scheduled to be closed in 1986.The school no longer exists; it was torn down several years ago and where it once stood is now the Holmes Place Condominiums. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 This article is about the Evangelical Lutheran cathedral of Riga. See other articles for the Roman Catholic cathedral and the Orthodox cathedral.Riga Cathedral (Latvian: Rīgas Doms) is the Evangelical Lutheran cathedral in Riga Latvia. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Riga.The Latvian word doms an archaic term for cathedral (similar to Italian duomo) is often mistranslated in English as dom or dome.
 Cook Forest State Park is a 8500-acre (3440 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Farmington Township Clarion County Barnett Township Forest County and Barnett Township Jefferson County Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is a heavily wooded area of rolling hills and mountains along the Clarion River in northwestern Pennsylvania.
 Fisher Hill Reservoir and Gatehouse is a historic place on Fisher Road between Hyslop and Channing Roads in Brookline Massachusetts. The reservoir is part of Brookline's public water supply.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Turku Cathedral (Finnish: Turun tuomiokirkko Swedish: Åbo domkyrka) is the Mother Church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland and the country's national shrine. It is the central church of the Archdiocese of Turku and the seat of the Archbishop of Finland Kari Mäkinen.
 Fairview also known as the George Harbert Farm is a historic home and farm located at Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1840 and is a two-story five bay stuccoed brick dwelling in a subdued Greek Revival style. It has a hipped roof rear wing and has a center-passage plan. Also on the property are a contributing gable-roofed crib barn implement shed dairy and concrete trough.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Church of St. John the Evangelist Sandown is a parish church in the Church of England located in Sandown Isle of Wight.
 St. Paul's Church is a Protestant church built in 1864 on Manora Karachi in Sindh Pakistan. It is situated beside the Manora lighthouse and is managed by the Karachi Port Trust. St. Paul's was erected as a memorial to Sir Charles James Napier the British general who led forces to conquer the Sindh in 1843. The building was recently restored in 2008.
 Oak Ridge Cemetery is a cemetery located in Springfield Illinois in the United States.Lincoln Tomb which serves as the final resting place of Abraham Lincoln his wife and all but one of his children is located at Oak Ridge.
 The Zane Grey Museum in Lackawaxen Township Pennsylvania United States is a former residence of the author Zane Grey and is now maintained as a museum and operated by the National Park Service (NPS). It is located on the upper Delaware River and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It contains many photographs artworks books furnishings and other objects of interest associated with Grey and his family. The house was built in two sections both from designs by Grey.
 Kapetanovo Castle (Serbian: Капетаново) is a neogothic castle located in the village of Stari Lec in the Plandište municipality in northeastern Serbia. In 1991 it was included on the national list of monuments of culture of great importance and since then it has been protected.
 Thomas Edison National Historical Park preserves Thomas Edison's laboratory and residence Glenmont in Llewellyn Park in West Orange New Jersey. For more than forty years the laboratory had a major impact on the lives of people worldwide.
 Johnny's Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers or simply Johnny's Hamburgers is an eatery located in Scarborough Toronto at Victoria Park and Sheppard Ave. Comedian Mike Myers has endorsed the eatery several times during interviews as being a childhood favourite having grown up in Scarborough Ontario. The spot was combined with the Canadian coffee and donut chain Tim Hortons to create Stan Mikita's a fictional hangout appearing in Myers' famous Wayne's World movies.[1]
 Commander's Palace is a restaurant in New Orleans Louisiana USA.
 US Post Office-Canajoharie is a historic post office building located at Canajoharie in Montgomery County New York United States. It was built in 1937 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrical brick building on a stone watertable in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Palms is an apartment building located at 1001 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was one of the first buildings in the United States to use reinforced concrete as one of its major construction materials. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 U.S. Bank Tower (also called 621 Capitol Mall) is a 25-story 404-foot (123 m) building in Sacramento California. The office tower is located at 621 Capitol Mall and was completed in early 2008. U.S. Bank bought the naming rights and 34000 sq ft (3200 m2) of office space.The building's architect is Hellmuth Obata + Kassabaum Inc.
 The Isaac Neuberger House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Canada Building (built in 1913) is a historic eight story office block in the Central Business District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The building is 35.05 m (115.0 ft) in height featuring red granite facing on the base with terra cotta details on the lower two floors and cornice near the roof.
 Bangued Christian Hospital is a private general hospital situated in Lorben's Hillside Compound Torrijos Street Zone V Bangued Abra. Bangued Christian Hospital (abbreviated hereafter as BCH) was established in the year 1948 and grew under the selfless contributions of Mennonite Disaster Service of the Mennonite Central Committee. The hospital is deeply rooted in the Anabaptist cause and is was once under the spiritual guidance of the United Church of Christ in the Philippines.
 Het Koetshuis Schuttersveld is a former restaurant located in Enschede Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1987-2001.Owner and head chef Fred Böhnke closed the restaurant in February 2009 after 32 year. He cited the smoking ban and the recession as the reason for his demise of the restaurant.
 The Ontario Regiment (RCAC) Museum an accredited Canadian Forces Museum is one component of the Oshawa Military and Industrial Museum located in Oshawa Ontario Canada. This 'living museum' traces its roots back to 1980 having grown out of The Ontario Regiment Museum's Historic Vehicle Section more commonly known as The Ontario Regiment Ferret Club. The museum is located on the South Field of the Oshawa Municipal Airport 1000 Stevenson Rd N Oshawa Ontario.
 Crown Point Courthouse Square Historic District in Crown Point Indiana dates back to 1873. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. Its boundaries were changed in 2005 and it was increased in 2007 to include a Moderne building at 208 Main Street.
 Tate Modern is a modern art gallery located in London. It is Britain's national gallery of international modern art and forms part of the Tate group (together with Tate Britain Tate Liverpool Tate St Ives and Tate Online). It is the most-visited modern art gallery in the world with around 4.7 million visitors per year. It is based in the former Bankside Power Station in the Bankside area of the London Borough of Southwark.
 The Miller-O'Donnell House was a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The two-story house was built in 1837 in the Gulf Coast Cottage style. It featured a masonry brick ground floor with a wood-frame main floor above. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 19 1982 but has since been destroyed.
 Osborn Street School is a historic school building located at 160 Osborn Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 to replace an earlier schoolhouse on the same site. It also briefly served as the city's normal school for training new teachers before it was moved to the William S. Greene School.The school was one of nine new grammar schools built in the city during the 1890s.
 The Cope's Bridge is a stone arch bridge which carries Strasburg Road (Pennsylvania Route 162) across the East Branch Brandywine Creek in West Bradford Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located at 39°57′31.9″N 75°39′19.3″W. It is in the Taylor-Cope Historic District.Before the construction of a bridge here the site was known as Taylor's Ford.
 The Newtown Borough Historic District is a 100-acre (40 ha) historic district in the borough of Newtown within the town of Newtown in Fairfield County Connecticut.
 The Historic Adobe Building also known as the Mountain View Adobe is a multi-purpose structure in Mountain View California. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 2002.The land under the structure was purchased by Mountain View in 1929 for $10 from Wallace and Alice Angelo; it was used for a pump station and reservoir and served as the town's primary water source.
 The Weldon Hotel is a historic hotel at 54 High Street in Greenfield Massachusetts. It was one of the first poured concrete buildings in the United States.The first part of the five story concrete and stucco building was built in 1905 as an apartment house but was converted into a hotel in 1907. F. O. Wells the proprietor was thought to be overly ambitious in operating such a large hotel but his business eventually improved in the 1910s.
 Town Stable is a historic municipal public works building at 237 Cypress Street in Brookline Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1874 featuring Colonial Revival Gothic Revival and Georgian Revival styles. The stable was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Ely's Stone Bridge is a bridge that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 7 1979. The bridge was built across Deer Creek in 1893 by Ely Reuben Sr. a farmer and his son Ely Reuben Jr. The bridge is a three-span arch bridge made of stone from the stream bed and quarries in Anamosa Iowa. The foundation of the bridge was recently reinforced with concrete.
 The Royal Marsden Hospital (RM) is a specialist cancer treatment hospital in London.
 Macdonald 80 Shopping Center or simply Macdonald 80 is a 200000 sq. ft. (18580m³) regional shopping mall in the North & East neighborhood in Richmond California anchored by a Target store. The center was largely demolished and rebuilt after suffering from urban decay and blight. It is the only entirely LEED certified mall. It is anchored by a large sprawling Target store.
 Suntop Lookout (also Sun Top) is located on Suntop Mountain in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest in central Washington USA. The fire lookout is at an elevation of about 5270 feet (1610 m) overlooking the valleys of the White River and Huckleberry Creek just to the north of Mount Rainier National Park. Built to standard U.S. Forest Service plans the one-story ground-level lookout measures fourteen by fourteen feet.
 The University Hospital of Lausanne (CHUV in French: Centre hospitalier universitaire vaudois) in Lausanne is one of the five university hospitals in Switzerland.The University Hospital of Lausanne is linked to the Faculty of Biology and Medicine of the University of Lausanne (UNIL).
 The Dubai Mall is the world's largest shopping mall based on total area and fourteenth largest by gross leasable area. Located in Dubai United Arab Emirates (U.A.E) it is part of the 20-billion-dollar Downtown Dubai complex and includes 1200 shops. Access to the mall is provided via Doha Street rebuilt as a double-decker road in April 2009.Twice delayed Dubai Mall opened on 4 November 2008 with about 635 retailers marking the world's largest-ever mall opening in retail history.
 Central Village Tower is a 70-metre (230 ft) Student accommodation tower currently under construction in Leeds West Yorkshire England.The tower is to provide an extra 404 cluster bedrooms to the city’s current strong growing student market. The tower is part of phase 2 of the development of Central Village which will provide over 1000 Student Bedrooms when completed.
 HM Prison Askham Grange is a women's open category prison located in Askham Richard village in North Yorkshire England. The prison is run by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Phillip and Maria Hasselbach Dingledey House was a private house located at 1638 Haggerty Road near Westland in Canton Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. The house is no longer at its listed location; a small commercial complex now occupies the site.
 The U.S. National Tick Collection is the largest collection of ticks in the world. The vital function of the collection is to separate ticks that are medically and financially important from those that are common. The collection is owned and curated by the Smithsonian Institution but housed on the campus of Georgia Southern University in Statesboro Georgia where it is under the auspices of the university's Institute of Arthropodology and Parasitology.
 St Heliers Correctional Centre an Australian minimum security prison for males is located in Muswellbrook New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The centre detains sentenced felons under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation.St Heliers was responsible for the first mobile prison in New South Wales operating until its cessation in 2003.
 19th Century Willowbrook Village is a U.S. museum on approximately 10 acres (4.0 ha) with 34 buildings including two historic houses covering 3.5 acres (1.4 ha) of the property. The museum is located in the town of Newfield Maine. It is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. 5 days each week from the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend through October closed Tuesdays and Wednesdays.Buildings in the collection include a general store printing shop one room schoolhouse and two historic barns.
 The World Trade Center (also known as WTC Colombo or WTCC) is the tallest completed building in Sri Lanka. Standing over 152 m (499 ft) from the ground it ranks as the fourth tallest twin tower in South Asia. WTCC runs under the management of Overseas Realty Ceylon plc (better known as ORCPLC). ORCPLC is a part of Mireka Capital Land (pvt) Ltd which owns the Havelock City Project one of the largest residential projects in Asia.
 Scum of the Earth Church (SOTEC or Scum) is an evangelical non-denominational Christian church located in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Denver Colorado. The church is a member of Alliance for Renewal Churches. A sister church is located in Seattle Washington.
 Savings Bank Block is an historic site at 215 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The block was built in 1870 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 The Dr. John Calef House is a historic house at 7 Poplar Street in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is a well preserved example of a First Period house with high quality Georgian modifications. The core of the house was built c. 1671 by Deacon Thomas Knowlton who purchased the land on which it originally stood on South Main Street in that year. It was subsequently altered in the middle of the 18th century acquiring its present Georgian styling.
 Brecon Cathedral in the town of Brecon is the cathedral of the Diocese of Swansea and Brecon in the Church in Wales and seat of the Bishop of Swansea and Brecon. Previously the church of Brecon Priory and then the Parish Church of St John the Evangelist it became Brecon Cathedral following the disestablishment of the Church in Wales in 1920 and the creation of the diocese in 1923.
 The Charles Riley House is a historic house at 93 Bellevue Street in Newton Massachusetts. This large neo-Classical estate house started out as a more modest wood frame structure built in the 1870s by Boston businessman Job Turner. In c. 1888 Charles Riley a manufacturer of cotton processing machinery greatly expanded the house giving it the present neo-Classical styling and finishing the exterior in brick and stone.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St. Thaddeus Episcopal Church is a historic church at Pendleton and Richland Streets in Aiken South Carolina.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Ørskog Church (Norwegian: Ørskog kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørskog Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Sjøholt. The church is part of the Ørskog parish in the Austre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1873 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. This church is the most recent in a series of churches located on this site dating back to at least the 1200s.
 PeaceHealth Sacred Heart Medical Center University District is a hospital in Eugene Oregon. Originally called Sacred Heart Medical Center its new name reflects its location near the University of Oregon. It is one of two Sacred Heart facilities in the Eugene-Springfield area owned by PeaceHealth.
 Teviotdale is a historic home located at Linlithgo in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1774 and is a 2 1⁄2-story Georgian / Federal-style structure. It is built of stone and brick and coated in stucco. It features a central Palladian window on the front facade. It was built by Walter Livingston (1740–1797).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Chillicothe Correction Institution or CCI is a state run medium security prison on the west bank of the Scioto River just outside Chillicothe Ohio. It is located adjacent to Ross Correctional Institution and Hopewell Culture National Historical Park. The prison is a former military camp named for Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman.
 Standard Oil Building is a historic building in Whittier California. Built in 1914 it was designed by Rea & Garstang in the Spanish Colonial Revival architectural style. The building was built for the Standard Oil Company which had begun successfully drilling for oil in 1910 in the area. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and is now used as a beauty salon and day spa.
 Richmond & Putney Unitarian Church is a Unitarian church in Ormond Road Richmond London. The church building dating from 1896 includes an apse with five stained glass lancers dating from 1912 by Morris & Co. The church built for the Richmond Unitarian congregation was joined by the Putney congregation in 1985.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is a Byzantine Catholic (Ruthenian) cathedral located in Parma Ohio United States. It is the cathedral for the Eparchy of Parma.
 The Robison House in Sparks Nevada at 409 13th St. is a historic mansion-like house with Colonial Revival elements built in c.1904. The property includes small rental cottages used in Reno Nevada's divorce trade. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).The house within George W. Robison's Robison's Addition development seems to have been built for George W.'s son George A. Robison.
 Phillippo Baptist Church  built 1827 is named after its founder and first minister Reverend James Phillippo a Baptist missionary who arrived in Jamaica in 1823. He campaigned for the abolition of slavery and for the establishment of Free Villages for emancipated slaves. The church is located on the corner of William and French Streets in Spanish Town Jamaica.
 Hotel Best Western Park is a hotel building located in Bucharest. It has 13 floors and a surface of 20000 sqm.
 Rijeka Synagogue was main city synagogue in Rijeka Croatia. It was destroyed by Nazis in 1944.The first Jews settled in Rijeka from the Italian Adriatic coast in the 15th century. The Jewish community of Rijeka was established on September 26 1781. The first Rijeka synagogue was located in a three storey house. In 1901 the Jewish community of Rijeka had 2600 members.
 The Royal Concertgebouw (Dutch: Koninklijk Concertgebouw pronounced [ˌkɔnɪnklək kɔnˈsɛrt.xəˌbʌu]) is a concert hall in Amsterdam the Netherlands. The Dutch term concertgebouw literally translates into English as concert building. On 11 April 2013 on occasion of the building's 125th anniversary Queen Beatrix bestowed the Royal Title Koninklijk upon the building as she did previously on to the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra.
 The Clemson University Historic District I is a collection of historic properties on the campus of Clemson University in Clemson South Carolina. The district contains eight contributing properties located along the northern portion of the campus. Included are some of the oldest academic buildings on campus. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 David Farragut School is a historic school building located in the West Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1873 and is a three-story four bay stone building in the Italianate-style. An addition was built in 1915. It features brownstone and limestone trim. It was named for Admiral David Farragut (1801-1870).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Chapel Emmanuel Railroad Car was one of thirteen railroad cars used as chapels in the United States starting about 1890. Seven of the cars were built by the Barney and Smith Car Company of Dayton Ohio and travelled from town to town mainly in the sparsely populated western states and territories under the direction of the American Baptist Publication Society.In 1893 the Chapel Emmanuel car was the second car built for the Baptists and was the longest serving being retired about 1938.
 The Wayne County Courthouse at 510 Pearl St. in Wayne Nebraska is a Richardsonian Romanesque-style historic courthouse that was built in 1899. It is a 70-by-80-foot (21 m × 24 m) building located in the center of a 4-acre (1.6 ha) square amidst somewhat unexpectedly a residential neighborhood.
 Liverpool Empire Theatre is located on the corner of Lime Street and London Road in Liverpool Merseyside England. The theatre is the second to be built on the site and was opened in 1925. It has the largest two-tier auditorium in Britain and can seat 2348 people. During its time it has hosted many types of entertainment including variety shows musicals operas pop concerts and plays. The Beatles appeared in the theatre in their early days.
 St. Alban's Church locally often referred to simply as the English Church is an Anglican church in Copenhagen Denmark. It was built from 1885 to 1887 for the growing English congregation in the city.
 1450 Brickell is an all-office skyscraper in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is 540 feet (165 m) tall with 40 floors. It is adjacent to One Broadway in Downtown Miami's southern Brickell Financial District. The building is located on the corner of Brickell Avenue and Broadway. The architect is Nichols Brosch Wurst Wolfe & Associates Inc. The building contains more than 580000 square feet (54000 m2) of office space.
 The Louis and Ellen Olson House a Craftsman style mansion built in 1903 is located near downtown Enumclaw King County Washington. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The mansion is currently a private residence.
 The Cathedral Church of St Cyprian the Martyr Kimberley is the seat of the Bishop of the Kimberley and Kuruman Anglican Church of Southern Africa. The building was dedicated in 1908 becoming a Cathedral when the Synod of Bishops mandated formation of the new Diocese of Kimberley and Kuruman in October 1911.
 The August Holver Hilton House in Socorro New Mexico was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It is of Bungalow/Craftsman architecture. It is also denoted ID#664 and SR Site #631. The listing included two contributing buildings.See also Hilton House (Magdalena New Mexico) also NRHP-listed in Socorro County.
 The Adam & Eve is a public house located on the corner of Bradford Street and Warner Street in Deritend Birmingham England. There has been a public house of this name in this location for at least 200 years.
 Paterson City Hall is located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The building is located on a block in Downtown Paterson bordered by Market Street on the north Colt Street to the east Ellison Street to the south and Washington Street to the west.The building was built in 1896 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 10 1995.
 The Hekhal Haness Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת היכל הנס‎) is the largest synagogue in Geneva Switzerland. On May 24 2007 the synagogue was severely damaged by a fire.
 The Edward B. Bunn S.J. Intercultural Center commonly known as the Intercultural Center or ICC is a seven-story mixed use building on the main campus of Georgetown University. The center was built in 1982 as the Photovoltaic Higher Education National Exemplar Facility in conjunction with a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy. The facility hosts numerous administrative offices student facilities and conference spaces but is best known for its contribution to solar power development.
 The Arwin Charisma Museum Tourist Factory (Chinese: 雅聞魅力博覽館; pinyin: Yǎwén Mèilì Bólǎnguǎn) is a museum in Yangmei City Taoyuan County Taiwan.
 Green Lawn Abbey built in 1927 is an historic mausoleum located at 700 Greenlawn Avenue in Columbus Ohio USA. On June 27 2007 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The C. G. Howes Dry Cleaning—Carley Real Estate building is a historic commercial building at 1171 Washington Street in the West Newton village of Newton Massachusetts. The single story buff brick building was constructed in 1928 to a design by Boston architect William Drummey to house the dry cleaning and fur storage business of C. G. Howes. In 1937 the building was purchased by Doris Carley founder of the Carley Realty Company the first female-owned realty business in the city. Ms.
 Episcopal Church of the Incarnation is a historic church at 111 E. Olive Street in Amite Louisiana.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Newark Air Museum is an air museum located on a former Royal Air Force station at Winthorpe near Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire England. The museum contains a variety of aircraft. Its address is 45 Lincoln Road (the former A46).
 Florida Hospital Lake Placid located just north of Lake Placid Florida serves southern Highlands County Florida. It is on the west side of U.S. Highway 27; its street address is: 1210 US 27 North Lake Placid Florida 33852. All Florida Hospital locations are part of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. Lake Placid Health Care Center is just west of the hospital and hospital property is bordered on the southwest by the Tomoka Heights retirement residential community.
 RiverSculpture! are public art displays found along the Milwaukee Riverwalk in downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. Information kiosks stationed near each presentation offer self-guided walking tours of this annual outdoor exhibition.
 Saint Ansgar's Cathedral (Danish: Sankt Ansgars Kirke — Katolsk Domkirke) in Copenhagen Denmark is the principal church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Copenhagen which encompasses all of Denmark including the Faroe Islands and Greenland. It was consecrated in 1842 and became a cathedral in 1941.
 Borgund Church (Norwegian: Borgund kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Borgund just east of the city of Ålesund. The church is part of the Borgund parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. Historically this was the main church for the old Borgund Municipality. The historic stone cruciform church was built around the year 1300. It seats about 750 people.
 The Hills House South is a former dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Henry F. Hills who was an early proponent of bringing an agricultural college to the Amherst area. It was a part of the Central Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
 All Saints' Church St Helens is located in Ellamsbridge Road Sutton Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Saint Helens the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with those of St Nicholas Sutton and St Michael and All Angels Sutton to form the Sutton Team. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Sears-Ferris House at 311 W. Third St. in Carson City Nevada is a historic house built in 1863. It was owned from 1868 to 1890 by George Washington Gale Ferris Sr. father of George W.G. Ferris Jr. future inventor of the Ferris Wheel. It has also been known as the G.W.G. Ferris House.Originally built in about 1863 by Gregory A.
 The Monmouth Museum alternatively known as The Nelson Museum and Local History Centre is a museum in Monmouth Monmouthshire south east Wales. It features a collection of artifacts associated with Admiral Horatio Nelson. The Museum is located in the old Market Hall in the town centre in Monmouth a short distance from the River Monnow Monmouth Castle and Agincourt Square.
 The Church of St Mary in Litton Somerset England dates from the 13th century. It is a Grade I listed building.There is some evidence for the existence of a Saxon church on the site before the Norman Conquest. The village was listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Litune meaning 'The small enclosure' from the Old English lyt and tun.
 Altoona Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Logan Township Blair County Pennsylvania. The main armory building was built in 1938 and is an I-plan building in the Moderne style. The front section houses administrative functions and the rear is the former two-story stable area for the cavalry unit. Between these sections is the riding hall which has a round arched roof.
 The D. W. Griffith House is a historic building in La Grange Kentucky in the United States. It was owned by movie director D. W. Griffith who rose to fame with his movies Birth of a Nation and Intolerance.The house was originally constructed in 1905 as a home for a Charles and Sue Smith but it later became a funeral home. Griffith bought it as a residence for his mother Mary in 1913 who lived there until her death a year later.
 PeaceHealth Southwest Washington Medical Center is a 450-bed community hospital located in Vancouver Washington. The hospital has a total of 386 general beds and was founded in 1858.In 2010 the hospital had about 114000 emergency room visits 27000 in-patient visits and 3000 child births. The emergency room is the busiest ER north of San Francisco on the west coast and the birth center is the second busiest obstetrics unit in the Portland metropolitan area.
 The Willam Radcliff House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Bungalow/Craftsman style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 St Mary's Church North Cockerington is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Alvingham adjacent to the village of North Cockerington Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 St Andrew's Church Frenze is a redundant Anglican church in the civil parish of Schole Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position adjacent to Frenze Hall near to the long distance footpath Boudica's Way 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Diss.
 Crowell House is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1871 and is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular building with 12-inch poured concrete walls and a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It features a 2 1⁄2-story square tower with a tent roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Freedom Park is an outdoor park and museum at the Greater Omaha Marina on the bank of the Missouri River at 2497 Freedom Park Road in the East Omaha section of Omaha Nebraska. It displays numerous military aircraft and artillery pieces along with its two major exhibits the World War II minesweeper USS Hazard (AM-240) and Cold War-era training submarine USS Marlin (SST-2). The park is currently closed indefinitely for flood cleanup.
 Philadelphia Methodist Church is a historic church in Melbourne Arkansas.It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register in 1976.
 The Williams Tower (originally named and still commonly referred to as the Transco Tower) is a 64-story 1.4 million sq-ft class A office tower located in the Uptown District of Houston Texas. The building was designed by New York-based John Burgee Architects with Philip Johnson in association with Houston-based Morris-Aubry Architects (now known as Morris Architects). Construction began in August 1981 and was completed in December 1982.
 The Palace of Justice (Albanian: Pallati i Drejtësisë) in Pristina will be the seat of most of the courts of the Republic of Kosovo. It is located in the capital city of Kosovo Pristina. Its construction began on 23 June 2011 and is expected to last until June 2013; however it is not expected to start functioning until January 2014. The Palace of Justice is a project co-funded by the European Union and the government of Kosovo. The building costs are approximately €30 million.
 Bramall Hall is a Tudor manor house in Bramhall within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport Greater Manchester England. It is a timber-framed building the oldest parts of which date from the 14th century with later additions from the 16th and 19th centuries.
 Åram Church (Norwegian: Åram kyrkje) is a parish church in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Åram in the northern part of the municipality. Since 2002 the church has been part of the Åram parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. Prior to 2002 the church was located in Sande municipality but due to a municipal border change it is now in Vanylven Municipality.
 Suleiman Courts was the first high-rise apartment building in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The building was constructed at the direction of Malaysia's first Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman who intended the Courts to provide affordable housing. The Courts was named after the late Almarhum Sultan Alaeddin Sulaiman Shah of Selangor.The Courts were built in 1957 as the Federation of Malaya neared official independence from the United Kingdom.
 The Memorial Union or MU at Iowa State University opened in September 1928 the building is currently home to a number of University departments a bowling alley the University Book Store and the Hotel Memorial Union.
 Wick House is a house in Richmond Greater London located near the corner of Nightingale Lane and Richmond Hill in Surrey. The painter Sir Joshua Reynolds commissioned the house from Sir William Chambers and it was completed in 1772.
 Salisbury House is a historic house at 61 Harvard Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The Greek Revival building was constructed between 1836 and 1838. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Sturgis One Room School is a historic U.S. school located at 209 Willow Street Pocomoke City Maryland. The community used this one room school from 1900 to 1937. The school currently serves as The Sturgis One Room School Museum.
 The SMUD Headquarters Building is the Sacramento Municipal Utility District headquarters. It is located in Sacramento California the United States.
 The Dr. Thomas H. Avera House (also known as the Avera-Winston House) is a historic home in Wendell North Carolina a town in eastern Wake County. Built in 1874 the house is an example of Gothic and Italianate architecture. In September 2003 the Dr. Thomas H. Avera House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Old Brick Store also known as the Old Brick Hotel and The Granary is a historic commercial building located near Smyrna New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1764 and is a two- to three-story three bay brick building. The building marks the location ofwhat may have been a grain shipping center for southern New Castle County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 City Place is a skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. At 440 ft (134m) it is the 4th-largest building in the city and has 33 floors. Finished in 1931 it was Oklahoma City's tallest building before it lost the title to First National Center.It is currently the 8th tallest building in Oklahoma.
 Portville Free Library formerly the Smith Parish House is a historic library building located at Portville in Cattaraugus County New York. The original house was built for early Portville settler Smith Parish in 1847 as a two story three bay dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It was subsequently expanded in the 1860s with a one story one bay wing.
 The Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Rosary (Arabic: كنيسة سيدة الوردية‎) is a Roman Catholic church in Doha Qatar. It is located along with churches of other Christian denominations at the Religious Complex in Abu Hamour. It is the first church built in the country since the Muslim conquests in the 7th century.The church was constructed at a cost of around $20 million on land donated by the Emir of Qatar Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani.
 St. Mary’s Church Harrogate is a Grade II* listed parish church in Harrogate England.
 Pacific Place is a Class-A skyscraper located at 1910 Pacific Avenue in the City Center District of Dallas Texas. The structure contains 20 floors of office space and stands adjacent to the historic Majestic Theatre. It is connected to the Dallas Pedestrian Network and sits across Pacific Avenue from Aston Park and the proposed Pacific Plaza Park. It lies within the Harwood Historic District but it not a contributing structure.
 St James Square in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales is the site of a historic Indian Bean Tree.The Catalpa bignonioides a native of the southeastern United States was planted in the square about 1900. It was joined by the Monmouth War Memorial in 1921. After more than one hundred years of presiding over the square the tree became the focus of controversy when it was condemned by the Monmouthshire County Council in 2005. The decision was met with fierce community opposition.
 Scott County Courthouse is a building in Georgetown Kentucky the county seat of Scott County Kentucky where county government offices are located. The property was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places on September 28 1972.
 The Rufus Porter Museum is located in Bridgton Maine. It is dedicated to the life and works of Rufus Porter (1792–1884). The museum currently has two locations one on North High Street in two older houses; the other is located in the Wales and Hamblen Building.
 Mound Bottom is a prehistoric Native American complex in Cheatham County Tennessee located in the Southeastern United States. The complex which consists of platform and burial mounds a central plaza and habitation areas was built between 950 and 1300 AD during the Mississippian period. The Mound Bottom site is often grouped with another mound complex located just over a mile to the south known as the Pack Site or Great Mound Division.
 Belmont Mansion is a historic mansion located in Fairmount Park in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Built in the early 18th century the mansion is one of the finest examples of Palladian architecture in the United States.
 The Willows also known as Randolph House is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. It was built in three sections in a telescoping style. It consists of One small log house a middle section of frame and a brick mansion all connected end-to-end. The oldest section is the 1 1/2 story log structure built before 1773. The main section is a two story brick Greek Revival style mansion house. It features a square columned entrance porch.
 The Whitcomb Cabin is a historic 18-by-25-foot (5.5 m × 7.6 m) log cabin near Glenwood Washington that was built in 1875. Known also as the Stephen S. Whitcomb Cabin it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The listing included one contributing building and two contributing structures.The cabin is the last surviving pioneer log cabin in the Lake Conboy area and one of few surviving in Klickitat.
 President was a steamboat that currently lies dismantled in Effingham Illinois. Originally named Cincinnati it was built in 1924 and is the only remaining Western Rivers style sidewheel river excursion steamboat in the United States. She was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989 though these designations were revoked in 2011. Her home ports have been Cincinnati Ohio New Orleans Louisiana Vicksburg Mississippi St.
 Harold Wood Hospital was a hospital in northeast London United Kingdom. It was located in Gubbins Lane Harold Wood in the London Borough of Havering.
 The Admiral's House is located in the Nolan Park area of Governors Island in New York Harbor. Governors Island was a U.S. Army post alternately known as Fort Columbus and Fort Jay and headquarters from the 1870s until 1965 when the structure was known as the Commanding Officer's Quarters or Quarters 1. In 1966 the island became a U.S. Coast Guard base and headquarters for its Atlantic Area Command and the house obtained its more recent name.
 Westerkerk (Western church) is a Dutch Protestant church in central Amsterdam. It is next to Amsterdam's Jordaan district on the bank of the Prinsengracht canal.
 The Timberline Cabin in Rocky Mountain National Park Colorado USA was built in 1925 to house workers on the Fall River Road. The National Park Service rustic style cabin was designed by the National Park Service's Landscape Engineering Division under the direction of Thomas Chalmers Vint. The cabin was later used as a patrol cabin and as a caretaker's residence.The one-story cabin stands above the timberline. It is built of concrete with a stone veneer.
 White House is a historic hotel in Herm.
 The Buenos Aires Forum is a proposed development in Buenos Aires Argentina the centrepiece of which is a 1000 m (3300 ft) tall skyscraper. The proposed development will be constructed on seven platforms totalling 400 hectares to be built in the River Plate. It will be connected to the rest of Buenos Aires by a 5 km long viaduct.
 The Briceville Community Church is a nondenominational church located in Briceville Tennessee United States. Built in 1887 the church served as a center of social life and community affairs for the Coal Creek Valley during the valley's coal mining boom period in the late-19th and early-20th centuries.
 Kenmil Place in Kentucky was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. Although the house was Italianate in style until its renovation in 1923 it is significant for its Classical Revival style popular in Kentucky from 1895 until 1950.
 Great Geneva is a historic home located near Camden Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1765 and is a 2-1/2-story brick hall-and-parlor plan dwelling with a small frame kitchen wing. The layout is an adaptation of the Resurrection Manor plan. It is associated with the prominent Hunn family and the local Quaker community. The house was an important station on the Underground Railroad.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Kanabec County Courthouse located at 18 Vine Street North in Mora Kanabec County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a beige brick Romanesque building featuring a prominent 4-story center tower. The courthouse sits on a stone foundation. Arched windows and doorways with brown sandstone sills lend distinction. The eaves were built with unusual corbelled brick and the corners of the tower are decorated with tourelles. Hardwood floors and oak balusters lead to the second-floor courtrooms.
 Bok Tower Gardens (also known as Bok Mountain Lake Sanctuary and Singing Tower) is a botanical garden and bird sanctuary located north of Lake Wales Florida United States. It consists of a 250-acre (100 ha) garden the 205-foot (62 m) tall Singing Tower with its carillon bells Pine Ridge Trail Pinewood Estate and a visitor center. The tower is built upon Iron Mountain one of the highest points of peninsular Florida estimated to be 295 feet (90 m) above sea level.
 Dallund is a manor house located 15 km north-west of Odense on the Danish island of Funen. It now serves as a rehabilitation centre for cancer patients.
 This article is about the hotel in Washington D.C.
 Hol Maren is a mansion in Oegstgeest Netherlands on the Haarlemmertrekvaart 21. The mansion was built in 1892 and was designed by the architect Hendrik Jesse (1860-1943) for the landowner and river fish trader Johannes Spaargaren.The mansion is shaped as a block in old Dutch style with elements from the Dutch Neo-Renaissance such as decorative arcs above the windows on the ground floor. The garden has the characteristics of a park.Hol Maren is a municipal monument since 1991.
 Øye Church (Norwegian: Øye kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located between the two villages of Sylte and Skei. The church is one of two churches that make up the Øye og Ranes parish. The parish is part of the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1871 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church seats about 300 people.
 The Ames Gate Lodge is a celebrated work by American architect H. H. Richardson. It is privately owned on an estate landscaped by Frederick Law Olmsted but its north facade can be seen from the road at 135 Elm Street North Easton Massachusetts.
 Elm Lodge is a Grade II listed building in Reading Berkshire. The house was originally situated in parkland that stretched from Brock Barracks in the west to Battle Hospital in the east. The park was bordered by the Oxford Road to the north and open land (later the site of Reading F.C.'s Elm Park stadium) to the south.
 The Cathedral Church of St. John is an Episcopal cathedral located in Albuquerque New Mexico United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of the Rio Grande.
 Annefield is a historic plantation home located near Boyce Clarke County Virginia. It was built about 1790 and is a two-story stone mansion seven bays by four bayswith a hipped roof. It has a 1 1/2-story stuccoed frame rear ell. It features a modillioned cornice balustraded deck two-level pedimented porch supported by Roman Ionic columns and four interior end chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing kitchen building. Mary Custis (1808-1873) wife of Robert E.
 The Montgomery Water Works is located along NY 17K in the village of Montgomery New York. The two small brick buildings were built in 1895 on land sold to the village by Arthur Patchett whose own house still stands across the road.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. As of 2007 a new senior housing development has been built near the water works. Workers had to take care to avoid damage to the building.
 The Château Saint-Sixte is a 12th-century castle in the commune of Freistroff in the Moselle département of France.The Château Saint-Sixte stands on a small plain between Freistroff and Rémelfang. It was built in the 12th century by the seigneur Wirich de Valcourt. During the Renaissance it was transformed into a residence and was altered again in the 18th century. It was saved from ruin by the Gehl family in 1986.
 Rosegill is a historic plantation home and farm complex located near Urbanna Middlesex County Virginia. The house is an 11-bay two story dwelling with a gable roof. The original section dates to about 1740 and the house was subsequently enlarged and modified to reach its present form about 1850. Another remodeling occurred in the 1940s.
 The Basilica of the Holy Blood (Dutch: Heilig-Bloedbasiliek French: Basilique du Saint-Sang) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Bruges Belgium. Originally built in the 12th century as the chapel of the residence of the Count of Flanders the church houses a venerated relic of the Holy Blood allegedly collected by Joseph of Arimathea and brought from the Holy Land by Thierry of Alsace Count of Flanders.
 Nedre Bardu Chapel (Norwegian: Nedre Bardu kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It is located along the Barduelva river in northern Bardu about 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of Setermoen and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of Bardufoss. The church is part of the Bardu parish in the Indre Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The brown wooden church was built in 1981 by the architect Eva Østgård.
 Lowell Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Flagstaff Arizona United States. Lowell Observatory was established in 1894 placing it among the oldest observatories in the United States and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965. In 2011 the Observatory was named one of The World's 100 Most Important Places by TIME.The Observatory's original 61-centimeter (24-inch) Alvan Clark Telescope is still in use today for public education.
 The Doniphan County Courthouse located in Courthouse Square in Troy is the seat of government of Doniphan County Kansas. The courthouse was built from 1905 to 1906 and was the fourth courthouse in the county. Architect George P. Washburn who designed several courthouses in the state designed the building in the Romanesque Revival style. The red brick building has a limestone base and the building's north and south entrances feature limestone porches.
 The JW Marriott Hotel New Orleans is a high-rise building in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana. The building rises 331 feet (101 m). It contains 30 floors and was completed in 1984; originally named Le Meridien Hotel. The JW Marriott Hotel New Orleans currently stands as the 20th-tallest building in the city and the 5th-tallest hotel. The architectural firm who designed the building was August Perez & Associates. The building is an example of modern architecture.
 Briarwood Presbyterian Church is a flagship congregation of the Presbyterian Church in America located in suburban Birmingham Alabama.
 The Ulysses S. Grant Home in Galena Illinois is the former home of Ulysses S. Grant the Civil War general and later 18th President of the United States. The home was designed by William Dennison and constructed in 1859 - 1860. The home was given to Grant by residents of Galena in 1865 as thanks for his war service and has been maintained as a memorial to Grant since 1904.
 The Royal Collection is the art collection of the British Royal Family and one of the largest and most important art collections in the world spread among some thirteen Royal residences and former residences across the UK.
 Belmont Literary and Historical Society Free Library also known as Belmont Free Library is a historic library building located at Belmont in Allegany County New York. It was built between 1893 and 1904 and is an example of late 19th century vernacular public architecture. It is a two story triangular brick structure that features a three story clock tower.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 VLF transmitter Lualualei is a facility of the United States Navy near Lualualei Hawaii transmitting orders to submerged submarines in the very low frequency (VLF) range. VLF transmitter Lualualei which operates under the callsign NPM on 21.4 kHz and 23.4 kHz uses as antenna two guyed masts each 458.11 metres (1503 feet) tall.
 The William H. Roberts House is a late 19th-century house located in Pecatonica Illinois United States. The house was built in 1883 for Dr. William H. Roberts who died three years later at the age of 33. The building features a combination of elements from three distinct architectural styles Italianate Queen Anne and Gothic revival. The building functioned as both Roberts's house and office. The house is the only building in Pecatonica listed on the U.S.
 Kampala Hilton Hotel is a hotel under construction in Kampala Uganda's capital city.
 The Roosevelt Elementary School is a historic U.S. school in Tampa Florida. It is located at 3205 South Ferdinand Avenue and was constructed in 1925. On May 31 2006 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Roper Mountain Science Center is located in Greenville South Carolina. It encompasses a campus containing facilities for studying life and natural sciences and space and physical sciences. Among its facilities are the Living History Farm the Darell W. Harrison Hall of Natural Sciences the Simms Hall of Science the T.C. Hooper Planetarium and the Daniel Observatory. The center is a part of the Greenville County School District.
 Royal Brompton Hospital is the largest specialist heart and lung centre in the United Kingdom (UK).The hospital is part of Royal Brompton & Harefield NHS Foundation Trust is a national and international specialist heart and lung centre based in Chelsea London and Harefield Middlesex. The Trust helps patients from all age groups who have heart and lung problems and is the country's largest centre for the treatment of adult congenital heart disease.
 The Saitta House is a two-and-a-half-story one-family Queen Anne dwelling in the Dyker Heights section of Brooklyn New York.It was completed ca. 1899 by architect John J. Petit and builder P.J. la Note for Beatrice and Simone Saitta (pronounced: sigh-eat-a). The home is located on the north side of 84th Street between Twelfth Avenue to the east and Eleventh Avenue to the west.
 Bonfoy–Barstow House is a historic home located at West Winfield in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1888 and consists of a square front block with rear addition. They are of frame construction with gable roofs. The front block is 2 1/2-stories two bays by two bays. The rear addition was originally a two-story two bay block with a one story shed roofed wing. That shed roofed wing was expanded to two-stories in the 1940s. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.
 Neve Shalom Synagogue (Turkish: Neve Şalom Sinagogu Hebrew: בית הכנסת נווה שלום‎; lit. Oasis of Peace or Valley of Peace) is a synagogue in the Karaköy quarter of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul Turkey.The synagogue was built in response to an increase in the Jewish population in the old Galata neighborhood (today encompassed by Beyoğlu district) in the late 1930s. A Jewish primary school was torn down in 1949 for that purpose and the synagogue was built on its ruins.
 Fort William H. Seward also known as Chilkoot Barracks or as AHRS Site No. SKG-001 is a site at Port Chilkoot in Haines Alaska. It was the last of a series of 11 military posts established in Alaska during the gold rush era.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.
 Hospital Santo Tomás (HST) (English: Saint Thomas Hospital) is the largest Public hospital that the Panamanian Health Ministry has. Its long history goes as far as 1703.
 The Boggs Avenue Elementary School in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Multnomah Falls is a waterfall on the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge located east of Troutdale between Corbett and Dodson along the Historic Columbia River Highway. The falls drops in two major steps split into an upper falls of 542 feet (165 m) and a lower falls of 69 feet (21 m) with a gradual 9 foot (3 m) drop in elevation between the two so the total height of the waterfall is conventionally given as 620 feet (189 m).
 Tabor Church (Wilhelmshagen) (German: Tabor-Kirche) is one of the three churches of the Evangelical Berlin-Rahnsdorf Congregation a member of today's Protestant umbrella organisation Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia. The church building is located in the quarter Wilhelmshagen locality Rahnsdorf borough Treptow-Köpenick of Berlin. The church was named in memory of the Transfiguration of Jesus which allegedly took place on Mount Tabor הר תבור in today's Israel.
 The Charles H. Patten House is a Chateauesque and Queen Anne style home located at 17 N. Benton Street in Palatine Illinois. It was designed by Julius F. Wegman for Charles H. Patten a prominent local businessman who was also mayor of Palatine from 1894 to 1895.
 Knollcroft is a historic home located at New Concord in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1880 as a summer retreat. It is a large two story brick and frame structure designed in the Queen Anne style. It features a two story projecting polygonal bay with a hipped roof and a large deep verandah. Also on the property is a carriage house well house and privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Arthur Gorrie Correctional Centre is a high security Remand Centre for males primarily accommodating individuals who a Judge or Magistrate has ordered must be held in custody as they await and during trial. The centre is located on the Ipswich Motorway at Wacol in the western suburbs of Brisbane Australia.
 Iglesia de Santa María (Soto de Luiña) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The Frederic A. Duggan First Aid and Emergency Squad Building is located in Spring Lake Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1934 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1998.
 The Robidoux School in St. Joseph Missouri was the first building used by what would become Missouri Western State University.The building is at 201 South 10th.The first high school in St. Joseph was built on the site in 1866. In 1895 the high school moved to 13th and Patee and the building was remodeled to be a grammar school named after St.
 Women's College Hospital is a teaching hospital in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located at the north end of Hospital Row a section of University Avenue where several major hospitals are located. It currently functions as an independent ambulatory care hospital. The physician-in-chief is Dr. Jim Ruderman.Women's College Hospital maintains a focus on women's health research in women's health and ambulatory care.
 Osaka Prefectural Chikatsu Asuka Museum (大阪府立近つ飛鳥博物館 Ōsaka Furitsu Chikatsu Asuka Hakubutsukan) is a prefectural museum in Kanan Ōsaka Prefecture Japan dedicated to the area of Chikatsu Asuka during the Kofun and Asuka periods. The region is first documented in the Kojiki. The Chikatsu Asuka Fudoki-No-Oka Historical Park contains over two hundred burial mounds including four imperial tombs and those of Shōtoku Taishi and Ono no Imoko.
 All Saints Church Newton Green is a partly redundant Anglican church in the village of Newton Green Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The chancel is still in use for worship but the nave porch and tower are redundant and vested in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands towards the north of the village some two miles east of Sudbury.
 The Thomas Lee House in the Niantic section of East Lyme Connecticut was constructed between 1660 and 1664. It is one of the oldest wood frame houses in Connecticut and still in its primitive state. The original dwelling consisted of a post-and-beam timber frame erected on six 2-story wall posts with the Judgment Hall below and the Chamber above. A steeply pitched roof covered a spacious attic over the chamber.
 Market Square is a furniture showroom complex in High Point North Carolina owned by International Market Centers which is the largest building in North Carolina on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) and the sixth largest in the United States. Known also as Tomlinson Chair Manufacturing Company Complex it was listed on the NRHP under that name.
 St. Rocco's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 212—216 Hunterdon Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.St. Rocco's (Italian) Roman Catholic Church was founded on August 5 1899 when Rev James Zuccarelli was appointed to open a new mission. The cornerstone of the church was laid on March 12 1900 with the dedication occurring on May 30 1900. The parish school was founded in 1906.It was added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Cobra Museum is an art museum in Amstelveen Netherlands. The collection of the museum consists of key works by artists of the Vrij Beelden (1945) Cobra (1948–1951) and Creatie (1950–1955) movements.
 Alice B. Cowles House (formerly Faculty Row House Number 7) is a structure on the campus of Michigan State University. It is the oldest extant building on MSU's campus though only the foundation and two exterior walls remain from the original 1857 construction.Originally built to house faculty before the founding of what is now East Lansing Number 7's earliest residents were presidents Joseph R. Williams and T. C. Abbot.
 The Camp Beauregard Memorial outside Water Valley Kentucky on Kentucky state road 2422 northeast of town marks the site of Camp Beauregard during the American Civil War. It was named for Confederate general P. G. T. Beauregard. It was situated to protect the right flank of the Confederate base at Columbus Kentucky.While an active military installation from September 1861 to March 1 1862 it trained 5000-6000 soldiers for the Confederate States of America.
 The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University also known as the Hospital of Chinese Medicine of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (Chinese: 新疆维吾尔自治区中医医院) is a teaching hospital in Urumqi Xinjiang China affiliated with Xinjiang Medical University. It has served Xinjiang Medical University students since 1959. It has 938 staff among which there are 812 professionals and 48 technicians.
 Movenpick Hotel is a 5-star hotel in Bur Dubai Dubai UAE. The hotel has 225 rooms and suites over 5 floors. The other attractions includes: Fountain Restaurant La Veranda Somerset’s Cafe Expresso Fakhreldine Rooftop Bar swimming pool children’s pool gym business center and meeting and conference rooms.
 The Old Appomattox Court House is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989. It is located on Virginia State Route 24 three miles (5 km) northeast of the town of Appomattox in Appomattox County Virginia where the new Appomattox Court House is located.
 Wood Road Metal Truss Bridge is a historic Baltimore (petit) truss bridge located at Campbell in Steuben County New York. It was constructed in 1897 by the Phoenix Iron Works of Phoenixville Pennsylvania and spans the Cohocton River. The bridge was rehabilitated in 2003.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Carrie Chapman Catt House also known as Juniper Ledge is located on Ryder Road in the town of New Castle New York United States. It is an Arts and Crafts-style building from the early 20th century.
 Real Santuario del Santísimo Cristo de La Laguna (Royal Sanctuary of the Christ of La Laguna) is a Catholic church located in the city of San Cristóbal de La Laguna Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain). The sanctuary is famous for the fact that houses the image of the Cristo de La Laguna very devotional image around the Canary Islands. This temple throughout its history was enriched by the Popes with indulgences which are granted to the Basilica of St. John Lateran in Rome.
 The Church of San Antón is a Catholic temple located in the Old Town neighbourhood of Bilbao Spain. It is dedicated to Anthony the Great known as San Antón in Spanish. It is featured along with the San Antón Bridge in the city's coat of arms. The estuary of Bilbao flows next to it.
 Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church and cemetery located at S. State and Water Streets at Dover Kent County Delaware. It is located on one of two public squares set aside for houses of worship in the Dover town plan of 1717. The church was established as a mission church of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in 1704 and the building constructed in 1734. It was remodeled in 1859 and 1887.
 Stafford Creek Corrections Center (SCCC) is a Washington State Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Aberdeen Washington. The facility opened in 2000 has an operating capacity of 1936 inmates and supports a mix of minimum medium and maximum security levels.Stafford is one of a number of Washington prisons with an environmental program developed in conjunction with The Evergreen State College.
 William A. Wittmer Lustron House also known as the Majorie Hiorth Lustron House is located in Alpine Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1949 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 25 2000.
 The Wool Hall in Bristol England is a historic building in St Thomas Street constructed in 1830 to house the city's wool market. It is one of the earlier works of Richard Shackleton Pope and has been described as 'the first quasi-industrial building in Bristol to attempt a real architectural facade'.
 The Landlord Fowler Tavern is a historic tavern at 171 Main Street in Westfield Massachusetts. The three story Georgian building is estimated to have been built in the early 1760s after Daniel Fowler was granted a license to operate a tavern in Westfield center. It was for many years a center of business and civic affairs in the town as well as a rest stop for travelers on the post road on which it was located.
 St Michael's Church Coston is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Coston in the civil parish of Runhall Norfolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position.
 St Mary's Church Temple Balsall is a parish church in the Church of England in Temple Balsall Solihull West Midlands England.
 The Big Blue River Bridge near Surprise Nebraska is a pin-connected Pratt truss bridge that was built in 1897. It was designed and built by the Canton Bridge Co. with steel fabricated by the Jones & Laughlin Steel Co.. Also denoted NEHBS No. BU00-84 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Null House is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay wide dwelling of wood-frame construction that was built between 1782 and 1784. It is a rare specimen of the early wooden clapboard building. The façade features a one-story wooden Italianate storefront of later construction with large store windows and two entrances.
 St Mary's Church Lambourn Woodlands is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Lambourn Woodlands in the English county of Berkshire. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands on the south side of the B4000 road some 2 miles (3 km) south of Lambourn.
 The Phelps Mansion formerly known as The Monday Afternoon Clubhouse is a three story brick and stone mansion located on Court Street in Binghamton New York. It was built in 1870 as the private home of Sherman D Phelps. Mr. Phelps was a successful business man banker Republican elector for Abraham Lincoln and mayor of the City of Binghamton. The building was designed by Isaac G.
 Hōsen-in (宝泉院) is a temple of the Tendai-shū located in Sakyō-ku of Kyoto-shi in the the prefecture of Kyoto. It is specified as a natural monument by the Kyoto government.
 The William Ogilvie House is a property in College Grove Tennessee dating from c.1800 that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It includes Log pen and other architecture. When listed the property included two contributing buildings five contributing structures and one non-contributing site on an area of 73.5 acres (29.7 ha).This house is one of five log buildngs built during 1798 to 1800 during the earliest settling of the area which survive to today.
 Rafsbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Rafsbotn kapell) is a chapel in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Rafsbotn. The chapel is part of the Alta parish in the Alta deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1989 and it seats about 100 people. The chapel was consecrated on 27 August 1989 by the Bishop Arvid Nergård.
 The Crane and Company Old Stone Mill Rag Room is one of the oldest surviving buildings (built in 1844) of Crane & Co. one of the oldest papermaking businesses in Berkshire County Massachusetts. It is located in southwestern Dalton on a site where paper has been manufactured since the early 19th century.
 The Grand Promenade (Chinese: 嘉亨灣) is a high-rise development located in the Sai Wan Ho district of Hong Kong. The complex consists of five towers. Towers 2 3 and 5 which are all interconnected and listed as one skyscraper by real estate data company Emporis were built in 2005 and contain 66 floors each; each tower rises 219 metres (719 ft). Towers 1 and 6 were also built in 2005 and contain 63 floors each rising 213 metres (699 ft).
 Pearl Palace (kakh-e Morvarid in Persian also known as kahk-e Shams - (كاخ مرواريد ( شمس) is a large estate designed by Taliesin Associated Architects on instructions from Shams Pahlavi elder sister of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi the last Shah of Iran. It was built in 1966 and it is located in Mehrshahr near Karaj Iran.The majority of the complex is currently occupied by a local Baseej chapter who are neglecting its upkeep.
 The William T. Goodrich House is located on the eastside of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Emig Mansion is a historic home located at Emigsville Manchester Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1850 and is a 2 1/2-story Georgian-style brick dwelling. It measures about 66 feet long by 30 feet wide. It is five bays wide and two bays deep and has a slate-covered gable roof. A large wing was added about 1860. The wing is four bays by two bays and integral porches. The house was remodeled in the early-20th century to add a large two-story bay window and porches.
 The Recreation Center For the Utah State Hospital is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Pasadena Museum of History is a museum and research library located in Pasadena California. It is mainly devoted to preserve and educate the public about the history art and culture of Pasadena and the west San Gabriel Valley. The Pasadena Museum of History has developed into one of the country's premier institutions of its size. It is a private nonprofit institution that is supported by donations from corporations businesses foundations and members of the Museum.
 Torres Llaves de Oro is the complex of two twins skyscrapers Torre Llaves de Oro 1 and Torre Llaves de Oro 2. Are located in Valencia Spain. Completed in 2003 has 26 floors and rises 90 metres. These are some of the tallest buildings in the city lower than Hilton Valencia Torre de Francia Aqua Multiespacio; have the same height as the very similar Ademuz buildings.
 US Post Office-Honeoye Falls is a historic post office building located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. It was designed and built in 1940 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Dunbar-Creigh House also known as Lawrence Inn is a historic home located at Landisburg in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone house built between 1794 and 1809. The structure measures 28 by 30 feet (8.5 by 9.1 m) and is built into the bank of a hillside.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Hibbert House also known as Headquarters House is the head office of the Jamaica National Heritage Trust. It is located at 79 Duke Street Kingston Jamaica. It was built by Thomas Hibbert a wealthy young English Merchant in 1755 to serve as his residence. Hibbert migrated to Kingston in 1734 at a time when Jamaica was becoming the largest and wealthiest of the British Caribbean islands and the largest single destination of African slaves.
 Deering Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic church at 39 Main Street in Paris Maine.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Information Commons (also known as the IC) is a library and computing building in Sheffield England and is part of the University of Sheffield. The architects were the Edinburgh-based RMJM. The IC is located on Leavygreave Road close to the University tram stop.It opened on 10 April 2007 to staff and students of the University although it was officially opened on 26 September 2007 by Harsh Srivastav a graduate of the University and former President of the Students Union.
 The Saddle Creek Underpass is located in the Midtown area of Omaha Nebraska. Designed to carry Saddle Creek Road under Dodge Street (US 6) the underpass was constructed in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration. It was included on the Bridges in Nebraska Multiple Property Submission on June 29 1992.
 The US Post Office—Newburyport Main is a historic post office at 61 Pleasant Street in Newburyport Massachusetts. The Georgian Revival single story brick building was built in 1927 to a design by architect James Wetmore. It was Newburyport's first purpose-built post office facility. The building is faced in red brick laid in running bond. Its central section which houses the lobby area projects slightly from wings on either side and features three round arches trimmed in marble.
 museum mobile is an automobile museum owned and operated by Audi AG in Ingolstadt Bavaria Germany. Opened in 2000 it is devoted to the history of Audi and its predecessors and is the focal point of the Audi Forum Ingolstadt.
 Merit Underwear Company is a historic factory building located at Shoemakersville Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1916 and is a two-story rectangular brick building measuring 40 by 100 feet (12 by 30 m). It was added to the front of an earlier wood frame building which was later replaced with a two-story irregularly shaped brick structure built in 1928. A two-story brick addition was built in 1921. The addition measures 52 feet by 71 feet.
 The Newport Casino is located at 186-202 Bellevue Avenue Newport Rhode Island United States. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on February 27 1987.
 Oliver Wiswall House is a historic home located at Hudson in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1836 and is a 2 1⁄2-story L-shaped brick dwelling with a low pitched hipped roof in the Greek Revival style. The north elevation has porch with four Doric order columns and a dentilled cornice. Also on the property is a garage dated to the 1930s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Indiana Government Center North is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1960 and has 14 floors. It is primarily used for office spaces for the government of Indiana.
 The Leffingwell Inn is a historic inn in the Norwichtown section of Norwich Connecticut.The building is architecturally important for having been built around some of the best seventeenth century remains left in Connecticut.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.It was photographed in the Historic American Buildings Survey program in 1961.
 The Zeynep Sultan Mosque (in Turkish Zeynep Sultan Camii) is a mosque built in 1769 by Ayazma Mosque's architect Mehmet Tahir Ağa for Ahmed III's daughter Zeynep Asıme Sultan. It evokes Byzantine churches because of its architectural style and materials that were used in its construction.
 The Utica Psychiatric Center also known as Utica State Hospital which opened in Utica in 1843 was New York's first state-run facility designed to care for the mentally ill and was one of the first such institutions in the United States predating and perhaps influencing the Kirkbride Plan which called for similar institutions nation-wide. It was originally called the New York State Lunatic Asylum at Utica.
 The Knickerbocker Building is an eclectic late century industrial building located at 50-52 Webster Avenue in New Rochelle New York USA. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Knickerbocker Press Building in 2000 with description of its architecture as Dutch Colonial Revival .However with its Flemish gable arched windows and decorative brickwork it falls into the rather rare Flemish Renaissance Revival style. It was built in 1889 by G.P.
 The John C. Ainsworth House is a historic building in Oregon City Oregon United States. It was built in 1851[citation needed] for John C. Ainsworth the main founder of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It is one of the oldest structures in the Portland Area and remains in good condition. It is also the only 2-story portico in Oregon.
 Clark-Dearstyne-Miller Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Rensselaer in Rensselaer County New York. It was built about 1791 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular gable-roofed heavy timber frame building. It rests upon a fieldstone foundation. There is a 2-story shed roof addition to the rear. It features an ornate bracketed raised porch along the front facade added about 1880.
 Springfield Congregational Church is a historic church on ME 6 in Springfield Maine.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The W. W. Shirk Building also known as the Canopic Apartments is located at 219 E. Jackson St. in Muncie Indiana. The original building was designed for a combination of commercial and residential space. After completion of its 21st century remodeling led by Flaherty and Collins the building became solely residential.
 The Uganda Museum is a museum in Kampala Uganda which displays and exhibits ethnological natural-historical and traditional life collections of Uganda's cultural heritage.
 The Elizabeth Ducey House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hipolito F. Garcia Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a historic courthouse federal office and post office building located in Downtown San Antonio in Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas. It was formerly the U.S. Post Office Federal Office Building and Courthouse. It is the courthouse for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. It holds a prominent location on Alamo Plaza across from the Alamo.
 Broadwater Energy is a Liquefied Natural Gas Terminal proposed to be built in Long Island Sound between New York State and Connecticut. The project has received vociferous objections from Connecticut officials and some New York state officials.New York state officials had yet to decide whether to issue permits for the project as of March 2008 and Governor David Paterson said he might postpone a decision originally scheduled to be made in April 2008 on whether to support the terminal.
 Capt. Peter Rice House built in 1688 is a historic house at 377 Elm Street in Marlborough Massachusetts.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Robertson County Courthouse in Springfield Tennessee dates from 1879. The building's north and south wings and central clock tower were added in 1929–30. The architects for the expansion were Edward E. Dougherty and Thomas W. Gardner of Nashville.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Sunnyside Farm is a farm near Kearneysville West Virginia United States that is principally associated with William Fulk's dairy farming operation. The farm has a full complement of buildings associated with dairying including the main house (1914) smokehouse (1914) milk house (C.1899). a small log house chicken house (1920) garage (1920) tenant house (1920) hog shed (c.1915) pig house (c.1899) barn (1911 reconstructed after a fire in 1985) and silo (1911).
 The Nathan Cooper Gristmill is a historic gristmill on the Black River in Chester Morris County New Jersey United States.From the 1760s until 1788 Isaiah Younglove milled flour on the site. Several other millers owned the mill until Nathan Cooper constructed the present mill in 1826. The mill is currently kept in operating condition with the large water wheel turning shafts and gears that turn 2000-pound mill stones.
 Gordon-Baughan-Warren House also known as Boyd House is a historic home located in Richmond Virginia. The original section was built about 1835 and is a 1 1/2-story Greek Revival style vernacular frame dwelling. It was subsequently enlarged over the years in at least three building campaigns – c. 1860 c. 1910 and c. 1920. The house is seven-bays wide and has an irregular plan. Also on the property are the contributing guesthouse (c. 1860) and a garage (c. 1860 c.
 Engine House No. 6 is a historic fire station located at Baltimore Maryland United States. This two story brick building features a 103-foot Italian-Gothic tower at the apex of its truncated triangular shape. It was built in 1853-54 and the tower is said to be a copy of Giotto’s campanile in Florence Italy.Engine House No. 6 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Aspen Community Church is located at the intersection of East Bleeker and North Aspen streets in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a stone building erected in the late 19th century. In 1975 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places the only house of worship in Pitkin County to be accorded that distinction.When built it was originally the home of a Presbyterian congregation.
 Gedung Kesenian Jakarta (Jakarta Art Building) historically known as Schouwburg Weltevreden is a concert hall in Jakarta Indonesia built during the Dutch colonial period. It is close to the Istiqlal Mosque Jakarta and the Jakarta Cathedral near Lapangan Banteng Park.
 The Châtel de Sassy is a ruined castle in the commune of Sassy in the Calvados département of France.The castle dates from the 11th century. A charter from 1175 records the owner as Robert de Sassy. A study in 1887 described the remains as a large rectangular enceinte with a turret in each corner. A second enceinte was defended by a moat cut into the rock.The castle is private property.
 Fort Frederik also known as Frederiksfort is a U.S. National Historic Landmark in Frederiksted United States Virgin Islands. It was built between 1752 and 1760 by Denmark.It was listed as a contributing property in the Frederiksted Historic District in 1976. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It was further declared a National Historic Landmark in 1997.It is located at the north end of Frederiksted in St.
 The Bighorn Ditch Headgate also known as the Bighorn Canal Headgate was built starting in 1892 to provide irrigation to the Crow Indian Reservation in Montana. The headgate structure diverted water from the Bighorn River. It was designed by William F. Graves and construction was carried out by Crow laborers. The project was completed in 1904.
 The Hamm Brewing Company Beer Depot in East Grand Forks Minnesota United States is a warehouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Hamm's Brewery built their first cold-storage warehouse in East Grand Forks in 1890. In 1897 they moved to a larger depot and then in 1907 they built the present building which backed up to a railroad spur.
 Providence Hospital is a 349-bed high-rise hospital in the U.S. city of Mobile Alabama. The hospital tower was completed in 1987. The building sits at the center of a 277-acre (112 ha) campus it rises approximately 170 feet (52 m) and 11 stories. It was designed by noted American architect Bertrand Goldberg best known for the Marina City complex in Chicago.
 Church of Holy Salvation in a small village of Cetina is a Serbian Orthodox church in Šibenik-Knin County Croatia. The church was built around 1940. Church was restored in 1974 when was acquired new bells and erected stone fence around the churchyard. In war in 1995 church was completely burned from the inside. This church was built modeled on the Temple St. Joachim and Anna at the Studenica monastery.
 Taza Pir Mosque (also Tazapir Teze Pir Teze-Pir Tezepir) is a mosque in Baku Azerbaijan. Its construction began in 1905 and was finished by 1914. The idea for the mosque as well as its financing was provided by an Azeri philanthropist a female Nabat Khanum Ashurbeyov (Ashurbeyli)
 Richmond Community Church is an evangelical Christian church located in Glen Allen Virginia and was founded in October 1993.
 Monastery of St. Mark of Koriša (Serbian: Манастир Свети Марко Коришки) was a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in 1467 located in Koriša Prizren Kosovo. The entire complex was declared a Protected Monument of Culture in 1959 and it is de jure protected by Republic of Serbia. It was a single-nave church built on a rectangular foundation. It was completely destroyed after the end of the Kosovo War in 1999.
 Finnsæter Chapel (Norwegian: Finnsæter kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Berg in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Finnsæter. The church is part of the Berg parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1982 and it seats about 77 people. The chapel was consecrated on 29 August 1982 by the Bishop Arvid Nergård.
 The Old Vinyl Factory is a complex of buildings formerly owned by the British music company EMI in Hayes within the London Borough of Hillingdon.
 The Power Plant is one of Canada’s leading public galleries devoted to contemporary art located in Toronto Ontario at Harbourfront Centre.
 Big Bead Mesa (Navajo: Yooʼtsoh) is a Navajo village site near Casa Salazar New Mexico within Cibola National Forest.Occupied from about 1745 to 1812 this is an impressive fortified Navajo village site. After moving into the Big Bead Mesa region the Navajos established a stronghold that menaced the pueblos of Laguna and Acoma and formed an alliance with the Gila Apaches.
 First Baptist Church Kingston is a historic church at 4600 Ninth Avenue North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1961 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Clinton-Rosekrans Law Building is a historic law office at Greene in Chenango County New York. It was built in 1892 and is a simple two story brick structure with an ornate galvanized iron front. It measures 40 feet wide and 60 feet deep with a frame second story porch in the rear. It is located within the Greene Historic District.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Prospect Hill School is a historic school building at 33 Montgomery Street in Westfield Massachusetts. The Colonial Revival school was built in 1897 to a design by Augustus Holton. The school was built on the site of an earlier wood frame school which was no longer adequate to support the school district's growing student population. It is made of red brick with white sandstone detailing. The hip roof was originally slate but is now asphalt shingles.
 The Little Company of Mary is a private hospital in Pretoria South Africa. It is situated in Groenkloof a leavy suburb south east of the city centre. It was opened to the public in 1957.The hospital is part of the Life Healthcare group and features a state of the art stroke unit run by Dr W. Duim (Neurologist).
 The Kellogg House is a historic home located at Cornwall in Orange County New York. It was built about 1795 and is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay center-hall-plan wood-frame dwelling. It features an overhanging gable roof with exposed rafters.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.The kellogg house was built by hiram clay kellogg a relative of the kellog's cereal family. He built it for his second wife helen vianna kellogg.
 Hauptgebaude also known as the Old Main was the predecessor to Elmhurst College in Elmhurst Illinois. The three-story building was constructed in 1878. It was constructed as a gymnasium style of school reflecting the German heritage of the local residents. The new building allowed the school to increase its enrollment to 103 students in its first year. Classes in the Hauptgebaude were solely taught in German until 1917. In 1919 the school became accredited as a junior college.
 The People's History Museum (formerly the National Museum of Labour History until 2001) in Manchester England is the United Kingdom's national centre for the collection conservation interpretation and study of material relating to the history of working people in the UK.
 Wilsford Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 Swedish Lutheran Church (also known as Old Church Hostel) is a historic Swedish Lutheran church on Wilkins and Hebron Streets in Monson Maine.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Delbert and Ora Chipman House on E. Main St. in American Fork Utah was built c.1870s but was extensively renovated and enlarged during approximately 1930-1934. The renovation and expansion added Tudor Revival or English Cottage architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The listing included two contributing buildings: the house and a c.1920s sheep barn which has a clerestory roof.
 Cohannet Mill No. 3 is an historic textile mill located at 120 Ingell Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The mill was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It is the only remaining mill of the Cohannet Mills company founded in 1847 for the manufacture of fine cotton yarns.The site has been cleaned up and restored and is now known as Robertson on the River with 64 affordable loft-style apartments and 18000 square feet (1700 m2) of business space.
 St Mary's Church is a Church of England church behind Euston station in Somers Town London Borough of Camden. It was designed by Henry William Inwood and built in 1852 by I. T. Seabrook. It was designated a Grade II listed building on 10 June 1954; and remains an active church.Since 1 June 2003 it has formed part of the Old St Pancras Team Ministry (which also includes St Michael's Church Camden Town St Pancras Old Church and St Paul's Church Camden Square).
 Edward Hopper Birthplace and Boyhood Home also known as the Edward Hopper House Art Center is a historic home located at Nyack in Rockland County New York. It is a 2-story side hall mid-19th-century Greek Revival–style dwelling with a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne–style addition. It was the home of noted artist Edward Hopper (1882–1967) from the time of his birth until he moved to Manhattan in 1910.
 Congregation Gemiluth Chassodim known locally as The Jewish Temple is an historic Jewish synagogue located in Alexandria Louisiana. Founded in 1859 by Jews from the Alsace region of France it is one of the oldest congregations in Louisiana and one of the original founding members of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations now known as the Union for Reform Judaism.
 Holy Cross Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 1924 Leo Street in Dayton Ohio.It was built in 1965 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The Zeb Kendall House at 159 University Ave. in Tonopah Nevada United States was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was deemed significant for its association with Zebeniezer Zeb Kendall (d.1954) a prominent Tonopah citizen who developed mining interests operated the Palace Hotel and represented Nye County in the Nevada state legislature. It is also significant for its architecture as a well-preserved Neo-Colonial wood frame structure.
 The Wanskuck Library—Providence Community Library is an historic building at 233 Veazie Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was built in 1928 by Wallis E. Howe and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Bradlee School is a historic former school build at 147 Andover Street in the Ballardvale section of Andover Massachusetts. The school was built by the town in 1890. Originally called the Ballard Vale School it was rededicated in 1894 to Joseph Bradlee the principal proprietor of the Ballardvale Mills at the time.
 St Michael Cornhill is a medieval parish church in the City of London with pre-Norman Conquest parochial foundation. The medieval structure was lost in the Great Fire of London and replaced by the present building traditionally attributed to Sir Christopher Wren. The upper parts of the tower are by Nicholas Hawksmoor. The church was embellished by Sir George Gilbert Scott and Herbert Williams in the nineteenth century.
 Dutchess Manor is a restaurant located along NY 9D in the Town of Fishkill New York United States between the city of Beacon and Breakneck Ridge. It is one of the most distinctive Hudson Valley buildings in the Second Empire architectural style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.Francis Timoney an Irish immigrant built the house in 1889 of bricks his three yards had made from clay found along the east bank of the Hudson River just below it.
 Richmond Green United Reformed Church in Quadrant Road Richmond London is a United Reformed Church congregation.
 6 Convent Place colloquially known in Gibraltar as Number 6 is the headquarters of Her Majesty's Government of Gibraltar and the office of the Chief Minister. It is located opposite The Convent the Governor of Gibraltar's official residence.Gibraltar's Economic Planning and Statistics Office is located in the building.
 Shenandoah County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Woodstock Shenandoah County Virginia. It was built about 1790 as a single piletwo-story seven bay structure with a facade of rough-hewn coursed limestone ashlar. A projectingtetrastyle Tuscan portico was added in 1929 to the central three bays. Atop the gable roof is a handsome hexagonal cupola with ogee-shaped roof above the belfry and surmounted by a short spire topped by a ball finial.
 St Andrew's Roker (1905-7) is an Anglican parish church in Sunderland England. It is recognised as one of the finest churches of the first half of the twentieth century[citation needed] and the masterpiece of Edward Schroeder Prior. The design of St Andrew's drew together many of the strings of Prior's philosophy and approach to design and building.
 Château de Baneuil is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Restaurant Nathan Outlaw is a two Michelin star restaurant owned and operated by Nathan Outlaw. It was previously been located in Marina Villa Hotel in Fowey Cornwall and is now located in the St Enodoc Hotel in Rock Cornwall. It has received mostly positive reviews from food critics.
 University Village (colloquially known as the U-Village) is an upscale shopping mall in Seattle Washington built at the south corner of Ravenna neighborhood. Located north of Downtown Seattle University Village is an open-air lifestyle shopping center which offers restaurants locally-owned boutiques and signature national retailers. U-Village is a regional destination for home furnishings popular fashions and unique gift items with a distinct collection of restaurants and eateries.
 Amigo (Chinese: 雅谷餐廳) is a French and Western cuisine restaurant in Hong Kong. It was created by owner Yeung Wing Chung (楊永松) and his staff. Yeung's wife came up with the Spanish name Amigo meaning friend. It is located on Wong Nai Chung Road Happy Valley. Some of their signature dishes include: scallop chowder bisque d' escargot lamb chops Mongolian beef filet and warmed salted ox-tongue with mesclun salad.
 The Hamburg Rathaus is the Rathaus—the city hall or town hall—of Hamburg Germany. It is the seat of the government of Hamburg located in the Altstadt quarter in the city centre near the lake Binnenalster and the central station. Constructed from 1886 to 1897 the city hall still houses its original governmental functions with the office of the First Mayor of Hamburg and the meeting rooms for Hamburg's parliament and senate (the city's executive).
 Swansea Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Swansea Massachusetts. It is a large single-level fully enclosed facility with over 80 stores serving the Southeastern Massachusetts area. It is currently owned by Carlyle Swansea Partners and managed by Jones Lang Lasalle.Located off Exit 3 of I-195 the mall is situated at the intersection of U.S. Route 6 and Massachusetts Route 118.
 The Verona Apartments is an apartment building located at 92 West Ferry Avenue in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Goldeneye Hotel and Resort is located next door to Golden Clouds estate in the town of Oracabessa Jamaica. It is owned by Chris Blackwell a philanthropist and entertainment entrepreneur who founded Island Records Palm Pictures and Island Outpost a company that owns and operates his boutique hotels.
 The Downtown Main Street Historic District in North Wilkesboro North Carolina is a 3-acre (1.2 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It then included 29 buildings deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area.It includes work by architects Benton & Benton.
 Lake District Hospital is a hospital in Lakeview Oregon United States. In addition to the acute care hospital the district includes an attached 47-bed unit for skilled long term care a home health and hospice service and outpatient services. Obstetrical services surgery emergency room and related services such laboratory work and X-rays are available. An elected board of governors manages the district created in 1967. The hospital opened in 1971.
 The Victorious War Museum or Victorious Fatherland Liberation War Museum is a museum located in North Korea.The museum was originally built in the Central district of Pyongyang in August 1953 as the Fatherland Liberation War Museum. In April 1963 it was and moved to the Sosong district in a purpose-built building. Recently the museum has been upgraded significantly including a building spanning across the river and with a large panorama hall at the top.
 The Wiley Hose Company Building is located at 30 West Bridge Street in Catskill New York. The three story brick building is a representative example of a turn-of-the-century firehouse. It was built in 1900 by George W. Holdridge a local builder. The brick was produced in the Catskill area and is complemented by stone and terra cotta detailing.
 Constableville Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Constableville in Lewis County New York. The district includes 105 contributing buildings one contributing structure and one contributing site. The buildings are commercial residential civic and church structures built primarily between about 1828 and 1900.
 Haystack Mountain School of Crafts commonly called Haystack is a craft school located on the coast of Deer Isle Maine. Haystack was founded in 1950 by a group of craft artists in the Belfast Maine area with support from Mary Beasom Bishop. It took its name from its original location near Haystack Mountain in Montville Maine. In 1961 the school was moved to its current campus on Deer Isle.The campus and buildings were designed by architect Edward Larrabee Barnes.
 The New Haven Lawn Club is a private country club located on Whitney Avenue in New Haven Connecticut close to Yale University. It is both a social and athletic facility. The club is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2003.One building and one structure of the club are deemed contributing to the historic character while another building and three structures are non-contributing.
 Bambisana Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Lusikisiki Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Muddy Creek Forks Historic District is a national historic district located at the Village of Muddy Creek Forks in East Hopewell Fawn and Lower Chanceford Townships in York County Pennsylvania. The district includes 12 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 5 contributing structures. The buildings and structures were constructed between about 1800 and 1935. The buildings include the general store six houses a mill grain elevator warehouse and Sweitzer barn.
 Heidelberg Castle (German: Heidelberger Schloss) is a famous ruin in Germany and landmark of Heidelberg. The castle ruins are among the most important Renaissance structures north of the Alps.The castle has only been partially rebuilt since its demolition in the 17th and 18th centuries. It is located 80 metres (260 ft) up the northern part of the Königstuhl hillside and thereby dominates the view of the old downtown.
 The Mystic Water Works also called the Mystic Pumping Station is a historic water works at Alewife Brook Parkway and Capen Street in Somerville Massachusetts. It was a large brick single story building built in a Romanesque Revival style with a mansard roof. The building was built by the city of Charlestown as part of its initiative to dam the Mystic Lakes to provide it with water.
 Nes Church (Norwegian: Nes kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Nes on the western shore of the Lustrafjorden. The church is part of the Nes parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church which has 110 seats was built and consecrated in 1836 by the local Dean Wilhelm Christian Magelsen. It was built using drawings by the architect Hans Ditlev Franciscus Linstow.
 Khalid Al Attar Tower 2 is a 66-floor tower on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 294 m (853 ft). Construction of the Khalid Al Attar Tower 2 was completed in 2011. Currently it is occupied by Millennium Plaza Hotel.
 Priory Meadow Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Hastings East Sussex England. The centre was opened in 1997 by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The local radio station Arrow FM which was founded in 1998 is broadcast from the centre.The building was built on Central Cricket Ground which had originally opened in 1864 and had since remained the main cricket venue in the town. This history is reflected by the statue in Queens Square of a batsman holding a pose having played a shot.
 The Church of All Saints in East Pennard Somerset England dates from the 14th century. It is a grade I listed building.The tower contains a clock and five bells.
 Walnut Green School also known as District School Number 25 is a historic one-room school building located at Greenville New Castle County Delaware. It is a one-story five-bay rectangular gambrel-roofed white-stuccoed stone building in the Colonial Revival style. The school building dates to the late-18th century but was expanded and remodeled in 1919-1924.
 Queens Center is an urban shopping mall in the Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens New York City United States. It is located at the intersection of Queens Boulevard and Woodhaven Boulevard adjacent to the Woodhaven Boulevard station (E M R trains) on the IND Queens Boulevard Line of the New York City Subway. It is across the street from St. Johns Hospital and the Rock Church. It is also off Exit 19 on Interstate 495 (the Long Island Expressway). Queens Center Mall is the largest mall in Queens.
 The Museum of Contemporary Photography (MoCP) was founded in 1984 by Columbia College Chicago. It is well known for an active program and curating which discovers many emerging and mid-career artists. The museum houses a permanent collection as well as the Midwest Photographers Project (MPP) which contains portfolios of photographers and artists' work who reside in the midwestern United States.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Diocese of Sibu which is Bishop Dominic Su. It is located at the city of Sibu in Sarawak.
 The Pinnacle at Symphony Place is a 29 story office and retail skyscraper located in Nashville Tennessee in the city's SoBro (South of Broadway) district. Located adjacent to the Schermerhorn Symphony Center the building officially opened on February 10 2010. The building includes 520000 square feet (48000 m2) of Class A office space and 23000 square feet (2100 m2) of retail space.The Pinnacle is home to Nashville-based Pinnacle Financial Partners as well as several law firms.
 Château of Moulinvieux is a château built in the 17th century at Asnières-sur-Vègre in the departement of Sarthe France. Parts of it are listed as monuments historiques.
 St.Bernard is a Roman Catholic church in Rockville Connecticut part of the Diocese of Norwich.
 The Midlothian Community Hospital is a Community Hospital in Bonnyrigg Scotland. It is operated by NHS Lothian It is situated in Eskbank Road .
 Carolina Place Mall is a shopping mall located in Pineville North Carolina a suburb of Charlotte. The 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2)(GLA) mall is anchored by Sears Belk JCPenney Dillard's and Macy's.
 Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Houston (MEDVAMC) is a care facility affiliated with the United States Department of Veterans Affairs in the Texas Medical Center in Houston Texas United States. It is operated by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.The hospital is located on a 118-acre (48 ha) campus on Old Spanish Trail and Almeda just on the edge of the Texas Medical Center.
 OSF St. Joseph Medical Center is a 149-bed Level II trauma center hospital complex in Bloomington Illinois and is part of the OSF Healthcare System.St. Joseph Hospital accepted its first patient on 1880. The original hospital was a two-story brick mansion on Jackson Street.
 Greyfriars is the name of a fourteen storey office block built in 1974 in Lewin's Mead in Bristol. It takes its name from Greyfriars a medieval Franciscan friary which used to occupy the site.
 Smedstorp Castle (Swedish: Smedstorps slott) is a castle in Tomelilla Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The Cable TV Tower (Chinese: 有線電視大樓) is a skyscraper located in Tsuen Wan in Hong Kong which was completed in 1993. The large building stands 197 metres (646 ft) tall with 41 floors of office and industrial space. The skyscraper is also the tallest 'office / industrial' building in the city (though of course many purely commercial properties are much higher).
 Walnut Street Baptist Church is a church building in downtown Waterloo Iowa United States.Built in 1908 the building was designed by Clinton P. Shockley. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The Walnut Street Baptist Church congregation worshiped in the facility from its construction until 1970. The congregation was an early leader in the General Association of Regular Baptist Churches.
 Chana School is a Registered Historic Place in the Ogle County Illinois in the county seat of Oregon Illinois. One of six Oregon sites listed on the Register the school is an oddly shaped two-room schoolhouse which has been moved from its original location. Chana School joined the Register in 2005 as an education museum.The schoolhouse was built in 1883 in the village of Chana Illinois. Due to the elimination of the Chana School District the school was abandoned by the 1960s.
 The Church of Fiães is a Romanesque and Baroque era Portuguese religious building located in the municipality of Melgaço in the northern district of Viana do Castelo. Originally a Roman-Cistercian church it was remodeled during the 17th and early 18th century in the Baroque style but still exemplifies many of the characteristics of the early building (typifying the Galician Cisterian monasteries and Minhota churches of the time).
 Saint Mary's Catholic Church Complex is a historic church Liberty and W. 6th Streets in Plainfield Union County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 St. Saviour's Church (Latvian: Anglikāņu Sv. Pestītāja baznīca) is an Anglican church in Riga Latvia at Anglikanu iela 2. It is located in the north of the old town centre (Vecrīga) close to Riga Castle and the banks of the Daugava River.The neo-Gothic church was designed by Johann Felsko. The foundation stone was laid in 1857 and the church was dedicated on 26 July 1859.
 The Embassy Row Hotel is a hotel owned by Lowe Enterprises located at 2015 Massachusetts Avenue NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. The operator is a Lowe subsidiary Destination Hotels & Resorts. The hotel a Modernist structure which opened in 1970 is in the Embassy Row neighborhood of the city and takes its name from the area. The hotel has had several owners and is considered a landmark in the city.
 Mansfield Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in Mansfield Pennsylvania in Tioga County. It was built in 1938-1939 for the 108th Ambulance Company 103rd Medical Regiment of the Pennsylvania National Guard. The utilitarian brick 94-by-104-foot (29 by 32 m) building has a center drill hall rising above the surrounding one story section.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Hotel Sainte Claire is a hexagonal six-story hotel in downtown San Jose California one of the city's most recognized architectural landmarks. It was built in 1926 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hakone Gardens is a traditional Japanese garden in Saratoga California USA. A recipient of the Save America's Treasures Award by the National Trust for Historic Preservation it is recognized as one of the oldest Japanese-style residential garden in the Western Hemisphere and an enduring American treasure.
 Blackstone Boulevard Realty Plat Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Blackstone Blvd. Rochambeau Ave. Holly St. and Elmgrove Ave. in Providence Rhode Island.The district features architecture by Marshall Martin William T. Aldrich and other structures of late 19th and 20th century colonial revivals. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Skyscraper is a 66 storey 330 m (1083 ft) tall skyscraper under construction in Business Bay Dubai United Arab Emirates.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at 106 S. Bostwick Street in Charlotte Michigan.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 Estudiotel Alicante (also Riscal) is a skyscraper and hotel in Alicante Spain. It is 117 metres (384 ft) high with 35 floors. It is the tallest building in the city ahead of El Barco in Albufereta at 111 metres (364 ft).
 Castlewood also known as the Poindexter House and The Old Parsonage is a historic plantation home located near Chesterfield Chesterfield County Virginia. It was built between about 1810 and 1820 and is a long five-part frame house that was built in at least two or three stages. It consists of a two-story one-bay-wide central section flanked by 1 1/2-story two-bay wings connected to the main block by one-story one-bay hyphens.
 Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 2090 Hollywood Drive in York Pennsylvania. Founded in 1877 as the Hebrew Reformed Congregation Temple Beth Israel it joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now Union for Reform Judaism) in 1907.
 Centro Financiero Confinanzas also known as Torre de David (the Tower of David) is an unfinished skyscraper in Caracas the capital of Venezuela. It is the third highest skyscraper in the country after the twin towers of Parque Central Complex. The construction of the tower began in 1990 but was halted in 1994 due to the Venezuelan banking crisis. As of 2014 the building remains incomplete and is occupied by squatters.
 The Nicholas Newlin House was built in 1742 in Concordville Delaware County Pennsylvania by Nicholas Newlin about a mile west of the Newlin Mill Complex. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located in the Concordville Historic District.It was built in 1742 by Nicholas Newlin and is one of the best preserved eighteenth-century houses in Concord Township. It was built with Flemish bond brickwork and a high stone foundation.
 The Odd Fellows Hall in Santa Ana California also known as Odd Fellows Building was built in 1906. It served historically as a clubhouse. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Vaskenian Theological Academy (also Vazgenian Vazgenyan Vazgenian Seminary) is a theological academy of the Armenian Apostolic Church on the Sevan peninsula on the shores of Lake Sevan in Armenia. It operates under direct supervision of the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin.
 St. Johns Co-Cathedral (Maltese: Kon-Katidral ta’ San Ġwann) located in Valletta Malta was built by the Knights of Malta between 1573 and 1578 having been commissioned in 1572 by Grand Master Jean de la Cassière as the conventual church of the Order of the Knights Hospitaller of St John known as the Knights of Malta. The Church was designed by the Maltese military architect Glormu Cassar (Girolamo Cassar) who designed several of the more prominent buildings in Valletta.
 Now a Methodist chapel the original Trinity Independent (Congregational) Chapel was designed in 1840-41 by William Hosking FSA at Poplar in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and built by John Jay.
 George Rogers Clark National Historical Park located in Vincennes Indiana on the banks of the Wabash River at what is believed to be the site of Fort Sackville is a United States National Historical Park. A classical memorial here was authorized under President Calvin Coolidge and dedicated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.In a celebrated campaign Lieutenant Colonel George Rogers Clark older brother of William Clark and his frontiersmen captured Fort Sackville and British Lt.
 Clay's Hope is a historic home in Bellevue Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story 3-bay Flemish bond brick house with the gable roof built around 1783. Also standing on the property is an array of outbuildings including the last known tobacco house to survive in Talbot County; a frame structure built around 1800.
 The Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science was a museum of math that was open from 1980–2006 in Long Island New York. The museum was named after mathematics teacher Bernhard Goudreau who had died in 1985 and featured many of the 3-dimensional solid models oversized wooden math games and puzzles built by Goudreau and his former students. After the museum closed Glen Whitney a former math professor decided to open the Museum of Mathematics which opened in December 2012.
 St Mary's Chapel High Legh is a former Anglican parish church in the village of High Legh Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Pinehurst Apartments also known as Pine Street Place and Pine Terrace is a historic apartment complex located in the Spruce Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1914 and consists of two 3 1/2-story reinforced concrete buildings faced in brick and granite. The buildings feature colonnaded porches with Corinthian order columns.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Uppsala University Hospital (Swedish: Akademiska sjukhuset often referred to colloquially as Akademiska or Ackis) in Uppsala Sweden is a teaching hospital for the Uppsala University Faculty of Medicine and the Nursing School. Uppsala University Hospital is owned and operated by the Uppsala County Council in cooperation with the university and serves together with Enköping hospital in Enköping as the primary hospitals for Uppsala County.
 7 and 8 King Street are a pair of historic houses situated on King Street in Bristol England.They date from 1665. During restoration in 1976 it was found that recycled ships timbers had been used for much of the oak studding and bracing in the buildings and barrel staves had been used as laths. The oriel window of number 7 is an original feature whilst the windows of number 8 were replaced during the eighteenth century.
 St. George is a Roman Catholic church in Bridgeport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Paul Cuffe Farm is a National Historic Landmark on 1504 Drift Road in Westport Massachusetts.The farmhouse was built in 1759 and owned by Paul Cuffe. Cuffe was a prominent farmer and merchant of African American and Native American ancestry. He was active in the African resettlement movement. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Connellsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Connellsville Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins Co.. It was built in 1907 and consists of a two-story administration section with a rear one-story drill hall in a T-plan. The 55 foot by 110 foot building is constructed of brick on a coursed ashlar foundation.
 The Building at 104-106 Hancock Street is an historic cottage at 104-106 Hancock Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame cottage was built in 1839 for Isaac Livermore on land once belonging to Judge Francis Dana. The cottage is basically Greek Revival in form but has Gothic Revival features. It is stylistically similar to the Ephraim Atwood House next door at 110 Hancock Street.The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Judge William Wilson House is an antebellum house in Atlanta Georgia. It is located at in the Fairburn Heights neighborhood a suburban area west of the Perimeter. It is one of few remaining antebellum structures still standing in its original location within the Atlanta city limits.The house was built in Greek Revival style in 1856-1859 and was the main house of a plantation. The house remained in the Wilson family into the 1960s when it was sold.
 The Cheonseongjinseong is located on Gadeokdo Island Gangseo-gu Busan Metropolitan City the Republic of Korea. Gadeokdo Island area was strategically important being located at the end of the sea route from Tsushima Islands of Japan to Busan and Jinhae and thus had been vulnerable to Japanese marauders from ancient times.
 Comdr. Thomas MacDonough House also known as The Trap is a historic home located near Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built in several sections. The two main sections are two stories and consists of a three bay brick section dated to the mid-18th century and a three bay frame section built between 1820 and 1830. Later-19th century additions to the house include frame one-and 1 1/2-story wings to the south gable end wall and southwest rear wall.
 Kopperå Chapel (Norwegian: Kopperå kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Kopperå. The 150-seat church was built of stone in 1936. The church is part of the Meråker parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Nathaniel Page House is an historic colonial First Period house at 89 Page Road in Bedford Massachusetts. Originally thought to date from 1687 an investigation conducted by the This Old House television program placed the actual date of construction at about 1720.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Årdal Church (Norwegian: Årdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Årdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Årdalstangen at the end of the Årdalsfjorden. The church is part of the Nedre Årdal parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red wooden church was built in 1867 by the architect Christian Christie. The building was consecrated on 19 December 1867. The church seats about 400 people.
 Montgomery Place near Barrytown New York United States is an early 19th-century estate that has been designated a National Historic Landmark. It is also a contributing property to the Hudson River Historic District also a National Historic Landmark.It is a Federal-style house with expansion designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis.
 for the hotel in Bamburgh Northumbria see Lord Crew (hotel)The Lord Crewe Arms Hotel is a medieval hotel in Blanchland Northumberland England. It is dated to 1165 and was used as a hiding hole by monks of nearby Blanchland Abbey for centuries and has hidden stairways and stone flagged floors. The hotel is built upon the former abbey guest house and the windows reflect this monastic past while the battlemented tower has a martial theme.It is named after Lord Crewe the Bishop of Durham.
 Jacob Nellis Farmhouse is a historic home located at Nelliston in Montgomery County New York. It was built in the 1830s and is a rectangular 1 1⁄2-story five-bay-long stone building with a three-bay lower 1 1⁄2-story extension on the north side. The house is in the Greek Revival style. Also on the property is a small 19th-century barn and a large multi-level 20th-century barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Cornehill is a historic home located at Parran Calvert County Maryland United States. It is a five-bay-long two-story Georgian brick house laid in Flemish bond with a steeply pitched gable roof with an exterior chimney at each gable end. One brick on the southwest corner contains the date 1786 and the initials T.F. The initials purportedly refer to Thelbert Freeland a member of an influential family in northeastern Calvert County.
 The Rookery Building is a historic landmark located at 209 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County Illinois United States. Completed by John Wellborn Root and Daniel Burnham of Burnham and Root in 1888 it is considered one of their masterpiece buildings and was once the location of their office. The building measures 181 feet (55 m) is twelve stories tall and is considered the oldest standing high-rise in Chicago.
 Brick Chapel Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located at Canton in St. Lawrence County New York. The church was built in 1858 for the local Methodist congregation who merged with the Presbyterians in the 1910s. It is a 40 feet by 56 feet brick structure resting on a raised ashlar limestone foundation. It features a large square engaged bell tower on the front facade.
 The Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium (国立療養所長島愛生園) or the National Sanatorium Nagashima Aiseien is a sanatorium on the island of Nagashima in Setouchi Okayama Japan founded in 1930 for the treatment of leprosy. Currently only former leprosy patients reside there.
 St Margaret's Hospital is a closed maternity hospital in Sydney Australia.
 Masonville Place (known locally simply as Masonville or Masonville Mall) is a major shopping mall in North London Ontario. It is located at the southeast corner of Fanshawe Park Road and Richmond Street.Masonville Place was constructed by the Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited in 1985. It was the first multi-level shopping centre in London. It also had three major commercial tenants: Sears Eaton's and Loblaws.
 Londontown Manufacturing Company Inc. also known as Meadow Mill is a historic cotton mill complex located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a three-story Italianate brick structure that features a square tower structure with a truncated spire-like roof having an open bell cupola. It was erected in 1877 as one of five mills which comprised the Woodberry Manufacturing Company. It was intended for the manufacture of seine twines.
 The Holland-Drew House is a historic house at 377 Main Street in Lewiston Maine.The house was built in 1854 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.
 Dranda Cathedral (Georgian: დრანდის ტაძარი) is a Georgian Orthodox Cathedral located in Dranda in the Gulripsh district of the de facto independent Republic of Abkhazia internationally recognised to constitute a part of Georgia.According to the Roman historian Procopius of Caesarea in 551 emperor Justinian I built a temple in these environs this is believed by some to have been what is now the cathedral in Dranda.
 St Mary's Church Akenham is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Akenham Suffolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position in fields 3 miles (5 km) north of Ipswich.
 Continental Mill Housing is an historic site at 66-82 Oxford Street in Lewiston Maine.The Greek Revival/Italianatehousing was built in 1866 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Humboldt Box (German: Humboldt-Box) is a futuristic museum structure on the Schloßplatz in the center of Berlin Germany. It was built as a temporary exhibition space and viewing platform for the Berlin Palace - Humboldt Forum construction project and to inform the public about its future use.
 Château de Boisclaireau was the residence of the noble Gueroust family who were the Counts of Boisclaireau in Teillé Sarthe Pays-de-la-Loire France. The castle hosted the Archduke Louis and his brother Johann sons of Holy Roman Emperor Leopold II of Austria during one of their trips to France.
 The İsabey Mosque (Turkish: İsabey Camii) constructed in 1374–75 is one of the oldest and most impressive works of architectural art remaining from the Anatolian beyliks. The mosque is situated on the skirts of the Ayasluğ Hills at Selçuk İzmir.
 The Lambs Inc. (aka The Lambs Club) is a social club in New York City for actors songwriters and others involved in the theater. It is one of America's oldest theatrical organizations.[citation needed]
 Pennsylvania Railroad Station also referred to as Baker Street Station is a former passenger rail station in downtown Fort Wayne Indiana. The American Craftsman-style station opened to the public March 23 1914 at a cost of $550000.
 The Brick Store on Lisbon Road in Bath New Hampshire is purportedly the oldest continuously operating general store in the United States.The store purportedly dates back to 1790. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Andrew's Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland located in Arbroath Angus Scotland. The church building was constructed in the late 1880s. In 2007 the church underwent extensive refurbishment funded by donations from the congregation and a grant from the Church of Scotland. The current minister is the Rev. Martin Fair. The church houses the 7th Arbroath Boys Brigade and other youth groups.
 The Westmoreland Museum of American Art is an art museum in Greensburg Pennsylvania devoted to American art with a particular concentration on the art of southwestern Pennsylvania.Art lover Mary Marchand Woods bequeathed her entire estate to establish The Woods Marchand Foundation in 1949. The museum developed from this foundation opening ten years later.William H. Gerdts wrote that...
 The Hilltop Unit is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for women located in Gatesville Texas. Originally opened in September of September 1981 as a Male first offender Unit it is headed by Warden Jerry Gunnels. Hackberry School was the first opened then in October Sycamore was opened and housed SAT IV Construction inmates who were working on Gatesville Unit and Hilltop repairing and buildings and facilities.
 Elisha Kirk House is a historic home located at Calvert Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a two-story Federal-style brick house built about 1813 five bays wide and two deep with a new stone wing. The house features a one-story flat-roofed portico with four Doric columns.The Elisha Kirk House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 101 Warren Street (also known as 270 Greenwich Street) is a 35-story 227 condominium 132 rental apartment building in the Tribeca area of lower Manhattan located between Greenwich Street and West Street. The project was developed by Edward J. Minskoff Equities designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and completed in 2007.
 Löberöd Castle (Swedish: Löberöds slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Union Mission Chapel-Historical Hall is an historic building located on Cedar Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The Chapel was built in 1867 and served as a mission for many years until it was sold to the Old Colony Historical Society which occupied the building until about 1926.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Today it is occupied by the American Legion.
 Farmer's Southern Market is a historic farmer's market located in downtown Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Lancaster architect C. Emlen Urban and built in 1888. It is a brick building consisting of a three-story headhouse and two-story markethouse in the Queen Anne style. It measures 90 feet wide (7 bays) and 250 feet deep. It features ornamental terra cotta and brickwork and towers.
 Unionville Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Unionville in East Marlborough Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 69 contributing buildings in the village of Unionville. It includes a variety of brick stone and frame residences the earliest of which is dated to about 1750. Notable buildings include Unionville Academy (1834) country store (c.
 The Beggarstown School built c. 1740 is a historic school in Beggarstown Philadelphia Pennsylvania now part of the Mount Airy neighborhood. It is a rare example of a colonial era school building.[citation needed] The small building has one-and-a-half stories and measures 28 feet 3 inches (8.61 m) across the front and 18 feet 3 inches (5.56 m) along the sides. A brick el in the rear was added after a 1915 restoration.
 Newminster Abbey was a Cistercian abbey in Northumberland in the north of England. The site is protected by Grade II listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument statusRanulph de Merlay lord of Morpeth and his wife Juliana daughter of Gospatric II Earl of Lothian founded the abbey in 1137 and Saint Robert of Newminster from the Cistercian Fountains Abbey was appointed as the first abbot; he governed from 1138 to 1159.
 The Pines is a historic home and related dependencies located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County New York. The main house was built about 1860 and is a timber frame flat-roofed vernacular Italianate style residence. It consists of a two-story five-bay main block with two two story wings. Also on the property are a maple sap boiling house / woodshed (ca. 1930); carriage house / garage (ca. 1880); main barn (ca. 1890); woodshed (ca. 1890); and workshop / shed (ca.
 The Thomas E. Hart House and Kalmia Gardens is a 30-acre (12 ha) property in Hartsville South Carolina that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The house was built in 1817.
 The Goldfield Hotel is a historic four-story building located at the southeast corner of Crook Avenue (U.S. 95) and Columbia Street in Goldfield Esmeralda County Nevada. Designed in the Classical Revival style of architecture by Reno architects Morrill J. Curtis (1848-1921) and George E. Holesworth (born 1854) of the firm of Curtis and Morrill it was built between 1907 and 1908 on the site of two earlier hotels of the same name which had burnt down.
 First Calvary Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1915-1916 and is a four-story 11 bay brick church building in the Second Renaissance Revival style. The building features decorative terra cotta and stained-glass dome. It has a two tier engaged entrance portico with fluted columns Corinthian order capitals and terra cotta entabulatures.
 The Ephraim Smith House is an 1845 Greek Revival house in the village of Sugar Grove Illinois United States. The house was built by Ephraim Smith a millwright from Vermont. It is the only example of a wood framed Greek Revival rural house in Kane County that remains in its unaltered state. The house has however been moved from its original location. The Ephraim Smith House was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Northern Ontario Railroad Museum and Heritage Centre is a rail transport museum located in the community of Capreol in Greater Sudbury Ontario Canada. The museum's mandate is to provide a unique and educational tourist attraction that preserves and displays the railroading past and heritage of Northern Ontario.
 Rye Town Park-Bathing Complex and Oakland Beach is a historic park and public beach located on Long Island Sound at Rye Westchester County New York. It is located next to the separately listed Playland Amusement Park. It was designed in 1909 by architects Upjohn & Conable (Hobart Upjohn and George W. Conable) and landscape architects Brinley & Holbrook. There are six historically significant buildings and structures; they are the Mission Revival style Bathing Complex.
 The Argentine Branch Library sometimes known as the Argentine Carnegie Library was located at 2800 Metropolitan Avenue in Kansas City Kansas. It was built by Rose and Peterson (Architects). It was deemed as one of the KCK's historic landmarks on March 28 1985. It was placed in the Register of Historic Kansas Places on November 23 1985 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 30 1986.
 The Classen (Originally Citizens Bank Tower) is a skyscraper in the uptown section of Oklahoma City near the city's Asia District. The residential tower has 21 floors and is 287 feet tall. The building was finished in 1967 as the headquarters of then Citizens National Bank. The tower was recently renovated and now consists of residential apartments for rent. It is currently the fourth tallest residential building in Oklahoma City.
 The John S. and Izola Lewis House at 343 E. 720 S. in Orem Utah was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was built by John Lewis a public schools administrator.
 Dragør Church is a Lutheran church in Dragør Denmark. It belongs to the Church of Denmark.
 Figueroa at Wilshire formerly Sanwa Bank Plaza is a 53-storey 219 m (719 ft) skyscraper in Los Angeles California. It is the eighth tallest building in Los Angeles. It was designed by Albert C. Martin & Associates and developed by Hines Interests Limited Partnership. It won the Rose Award for Outstanding New Office Building in 1991. The tower was constructed from 1988 to 1990 on the site of the former St. Paul's Episcopal Cathedral.
 The Leopold Cafe is a large and popular restaurant and bar on Colaba Causeway in the Colaba area of Mumbai India located across from the Colabia Police station.It was one of the first sites attacked during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. The cafe was also mentioned extensively in the novel Shantaram.
 St. Joseph's Church-Catholic is a historic church on Main Street in Pierz Minnesota United States. It was built 1886–1888 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The history of the parish dates back to 1865 when Reverend Francis Xavier Pierz started ministering to the community of Rich Prairie—as it was then known—along with Joseph F. Busch Ignatius Tomazin and James Trobec.
 Manorbier Castle is a Norman castle located in the village of Manorbier five miles south-west of Tenby West Wales. It was the original seat of the Anglo-Norman de Barry family.
 Mariestad Cathedral (Swedish: Mariestads domkyrka) is a cathedral in Mariestad Sweden.
 Iglesia de Santa Cecilia (Careñes) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 St Bartholomew's Church Burnley is the Anglican Parish Church of the small suburb of Burnley historically considered part of Richmond in inner-suburban Melbourne Victoria Australia. Known colloquially as St Bart's the parish is in the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne and is well known as belonging to the Anglo-Catholic or High Church tradition.
 The Lubbock Post Office and Federal Building located at 800 Broadway in downtown Lubbock Texas was a post office and federal courthouse from 1932-1968. Today it is privately owned.
 Saint Andrew's Episcopal Church also known as Calvary-Saint Andrew's Presbyterian Church is a historic Episcopal church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. Designed by Richard M. Upjohn it was constructed in phases between 1873 and 1880. The Gothic Revival style brick and stone complex consists of two interconnected sections: the church composed of the church bell tower and entry porch and the original rectory and chapel.
 The Fraternal Order of Eagles Building is a historic Fraternal Order of Eagles clubhouse located in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1914 and is a three-story three bay by six bay rectangular brick building in the Neoclassical Revival style. In 2005 the building was renovated into apartments with a commercial space in the basement.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Dr. J. R. Mosier Office is a historic medical office located at Meadville Crawford County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1890 and is a small clapboard clad frame building. It features a false front in front of a gable roof. The interior consists of three rooms furnished as they were in 1938; a waiting room examination room and pharmacy.
 Thomas Davis House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1790 and is a two-story five bay center hall plan brick dwelling in the Federal style. It has a gable roof and the front facade features an entrance portico replaced in the early 20th century. It has a rear wing added about 1840. The wing is in the Greek Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Miskin Manor is a Victorian manor house built in 1864 in a Tudor style situated in the village of Miskin in Rhondda Cynon Taf south Wales. The house is claimed to be haunted. The estate was owned by the Williams family including Rhys Rhys-Williams for many years who were descended from the Welsh bard David Williams. Today the manor is used as a hotel and venue for wedding receptions.
 The British Lawnmower Museum is a museum on lawnmowers in Southport Merseyside northern England.The museum has over 300 restored exhibits of garden machinery over the last 200 years. Lawnmowers included that of Prince Charles and Princess Diana. The museum has workshops that restore lawnmowers for the collection and others around the world. The collection includes patents and blueprints dating from 1799.
 Kenyon's Department Store is an historic department store building at 344 Main Street in the village of Wakefield in the town of South Kingstown Rhode Island.The historic Chicago style/Queen Anne style store was built in 1891 by Charles Chase and Harry Lewis. Kenyon's Department Store was located in Wakefield a village that began when William Kenyon bought 100 acres (40 ha) and donated the dirt streets. The original department store business was founded in 1856.
 The Hajji Ahmed the Ducat Minter's Mosque (Bosnian: Džamija Hadži Ahmeta Dukatara) is one of the most easily recognizable architectural symbols of Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Old First Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church at 200 N. Fulton in Wharton Texas.It was built in 1927 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 Portcullis House (PCH) is an office building in Westminster London UK that was commissioned in 1992 and opened in 2001 to provide offices for 213 Members of Parliament and their staff augmenting limited space in the Palace of Westminster and surroundings.
 The University of Minnesota Old Campus Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places includes a number of buildings on the Minneapolis campus that date back to the oldest days of the university.
 RTCN Suwałki (Krzemianucha) is a 232 m (761.15 ft) tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Jeleniewo near Suwałki in Podlaskie Voivodeship Poland.It is also known as Krzemianucha Transmitter or Transmitter Jeleniewo or Broadcasting Transmitting Centre at the Krzemianucha Hill (not to get mixed up over Krzemieniucha).
 Shalango is a historic plantation home located at Wicomico Church Northumberland County Virginia. It was built in 1855-1856 and is a large 2 1/2-story five bay I-house frame dwelling. It has a single-pile central-passage plan and interior end chimneys. The house stands on a tall brick basement and is covered with a gable roof pierced by three dormers on either slope.
 St Olave Old Jewry sometimes known as Upwell Old Jewry was a church in the City of London located between the street called Old Jewry and Ironmonger Lane. Destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 the church was rebuilt by the office of Sir Christopher Wren. The church was demolished in 1887 except for the tower and west wall which remain today.
 The Beverly Grammar School is a rare historic First Period schoolhouse at 50 Essex Street in Beverly Massachusetts USA. The building now a modest private residence contains internal evidence that part of it was built c. 1716 for use as a schoolhouse.
 The Lincoln Normal School also known as the Lincoln School was a historic African American school in Marion Alabama. Its roots went back to a Union soldier who remained in Marion after the end of the Civil War to teach newly freed African Americans. His efforts proved successful and in 1867 the school was incorporated with the support of African Americans from the surrounding Perry County.
 Eastdale Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall located in Montgomery Alabama. It opened in 1977. As of 2010 it was 964717 square feet (89625.1 m2) in size. The mall's anchor stores are Belk (two locations) Dillard's J.C. Penney and Sears (originally Montgomery Ward).J.C. Penney's store was added to the mall in 2005 relocating from a store at Montgomery Mall.
 St. Mary (Macedonian: Пресвета Богородица) also known as the Nativity of the Virgin Mary (Macedonian: Раѓање на Пресвета Богородица) is a Macedonian Orthodox Church located in Cambridge Ontario Canada.
 Cross Point is an office complex in Lowell Massachusetts. Formerly named Wang Towers it is a local landmark dominating the busy intersection of Interstate 495 (the Boston outer ring road) and U.S. Route 3. It is the third-tallest building in Lowell after Three River Place and the Kenneth R.
 Second Ward Negro Elementary School also known as the Second Ward Annex is a historic school building located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a one-story plus basement T-shaped brick building in the Art Deco style. It sits on a sandstone foundation. Funds for the building's construction were provided by the Works Progress Administration.
 The Franklin County Government Center is a government complex of Franklin County Ohio in Columbus Ohio. The tallest building in the complex is the 27 floor 464 ft tall Franklin County Courthouse at 373 South High St. It is the 7th tallest building in Columbus. This is the 3rd incarnation of the Franklin County Courthouse and hosts the majority of the county government agencies. It was designed by architectural firm DesignGroup Inc.
 Methodist Episcopal Parsonage (also known as the Marquez Residence) is a historic church parsonage at 202 Fourth Street in Dayton Oregon.It was built in 1868 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Central Dairy Building in downtown Columbia Missouri was built in 1927 to house the headquarters of the Central Dairy Company. Today the building houses an appliance store and restaurants on the first floor and lofts on the second.
 Sylvanus N. Staples House is a historic house at 21 Second Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The Greek Revival house was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Franklin Smedley School is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a three-story nine-bay yellow brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a projecting stone entryway with Tudor-arched opening stone openings and a crenellated parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Parade Shopping centre is a specialist shopping centre located in Shrewsbury the county town of Shropshire. It is a Grade II listed building home to 30 shops on two floors and a terrace cafe overlooking the River Severn.The centre is located at St. Mary's Place across the road from St. Mary's Church.
 A ryōtei (料亭) is a type of luxurious traditional Japanese restaurant. Traditionally they only accept new customers by referral and feature entertainment by geisha but in modern times this is not always the case. Ryōtei are typically a place where high-level business or political meetings can take place discreetly.
 Holy Rosary Church in Bridgeport is a Catholic Church in Diocese of Bridgeport.
 The Rosendale Library formerly the All Saints' Chapel is located on Main Street (NY 213) in Rosendale New York United States. It was originally built as a Gothic Revival Episcopal church from locally mined Rosendale cement a material which covers the stonework exterior walls.After floods from nearby Rondout Creek damaged the building in the mid-1950s the church abandoned it. It also survived a fire in the mid-1970s.
 The Elizabeth Apartments on Second Ave. NW in Jamestown North Dakota were built in 1921.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.According to its NRHP nominationThe Elizabeth Apartments is significant in Jamestown for its association with the business lives of the John H. Canhams and Ormsby McHargs leading developers and owners of Jamestown's utility companies from 1888 to 1924.
 Mežotne Palace is a palace in the historical region of Zemgale in Latvia Bauska region (former Mežotne municipality in Bauska district). The palace suffered heavily in the First and later in the Second world war.
 Boyce Station is located at the junction of Boyce Road and the tracks of the Chartiers Branch in Upper St. Clair Pennsylvania United States. It was built in 1900 and housed not only the rail operations but a post office and general store for the small community it served.After falling vacant when traffic on the line declined and the rise of the automobile made the surrounding less dependent on the commercial operations and passenger rail service it was restored in 1980.
 Pointe-à-Callière Museum is the Montreal museum of archaeology and history located in Old Montreal Quebec Canada. It was founded in 1992 as part of celebrations to mark Montreal's 350th birthday. Set atop the city's birthplace the Museum shows collections of artefacts from the First Nations of the Montreal region that illustrate how various cultures coexisted and interacted and how the French and British regimes influenced the history of this territory over the years.
 St. Mary's Church Arnold is a parish church in the Church of England in Arnold Nottinghamshire. Though there is no official founding date it is estimated that the church dates back to 1176.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a result of receiving significant attention from tourists.
 The National Museum in Warsaw (Polish: Muzeum Narodowe w Warszawie) Poland is a national institution of culture one of the largest museums in Poland and the largest in Warsaw.
 The Kolping Park and Chapel is a religious facility located at 47440 Sugar Bush Road in Chesterfield Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1996.
 St Richard's Church is an Anglican church in the town of Haywards Heath in the district of Mid Sussex one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. The present reinforced concrete and brick structure replaced a temporary building which was a daughter church to Haywards Heath's parish church St Wilfrid's; the new church soon became parished in its own right to reflect the rapid population growth in the northern part of the town.
 The Mount Baker Tunnel or Mount Baker Ridge Tunnel carries Interstate 90 under the Mount Baker neighborhood of Seattle Washington. It is actually a group of three tunnels that carry eight lanes of freeway traffic plus a separate path for bicycles and pedestrians. The two originals are twin tunnel bores completed in 1940 and rehabilitated in 1993.
 Chalgrave Castle stood to the south of the large village of Toddington Bedfordshire.This was a timber motte and bailey castle constructed in two phases built during the 11th century. By the 13th century it had been abandoned.The site was excavated in 1970 but has since been completely leveled. Nothing visible remains.
 All Saints Church Barnacre is located in Delph Lane Barnacre-with-Bonds Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Garstang the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Peter Scorton and St John the Evangelist Calder Vale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Mallow General Hospital is a public hospital located in Mallow County Cork Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services for a population of approximately 90000 in County Cork. In 2008 the hospital served 10979 out-patients and 4413 in-patients with an average stay of 5.9 nights. 74.9% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department. In 2007 40114 patients presented to the emergency department.
 Marina All Suites Hotel is a luxury beach-front boutique hotel in Leblon Rio de Janeiro Brazil located at Avenue Delfim Moreira 696. It is described by Frommer's as the brainchild of a consortium of local architects and decorators who bought gutted and redecorated all of the rooms. During the renovation they reduced the number of rooms per floor to three to double the rooms in size. The hotel contains a notable restaurant named Bar d' Hotel described as one of the trendiest in the city.
 Chapman Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1832 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay frame building on a slightly raised stone foundation in a late-Federal / early-Greek Revival style. It features a gable roof with cornice returns a wide frieze narrow corner boards and clapboard siding.
 The Marks-Family House is a historic house on the eastern (Allen County) side of Delphos Ohio United States. Erected along Franklin Street in 1902 it is a one-and-one-half-story house built in the Queen Anne style of architecture. Among its features are a tower in the corner of the house a large wraparound porch with Ionic columns and leaded glass windows of many shapes and sizes.
 Glebe House is a historic home located at New Castle New Castle County Delaware. It was built between 1821 and 1823 as the glebe house of the rector of Immanuel Church. The house consists of three sections all brick: a 2 1/2-story plus attic three bay section; a lower middle section of three bays with a shed roof; and a north section comprising the original kitchen.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church of Notre Dame in New York City is a parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York. The church is located at 40 Morningside Drive and the rectory at 405 West 114th Street in Manhattan New York City.
 St Paul's Church Grange-over-Sands is located in Crown Hill Grange-over-Sands Cumbria England. It is an active parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary Allithwiate St Mary and St Michael Cartmel St Peter Field Broughton St John the Baptist Flookburgh Grange Fell Church Grange-Over-Sands and St Paul Lindale to form the benefice of Cartmel Peninsula.
 Latitude on the River is a complex of residential and office towers in Downtown Miami Florida United States. The complex consists of the 44-story north tower (476 ft / 145 m) Latitude on the River and the 23-story 93 meter south tower Latitude One (both completed in 2007).The complex is located on the southern banks of the Miami River in downtown.
 The South Omaha City Hall is part of the South Omaha Main Street Historic District located at 5002 South 24th Street in the South Omaha neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. It was designed by notable local architect John Latenser Sr..
 The Francis Winspear Centre for Music is a performing arts centre located in downtown Edmonton Alberta Canada. Built in 1997 it is the home of the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra. The center is named after Dr. Francis G. Winspear who donated $6 million to the construction of the facility - the single largest private donation to a performing arts facility in Canadian history.
 Fort Blue Mounds also known as Blue Mounds Fort was located in Blue Mounds Dane County Wisconsin USA.
 Coeymans School also known as Acton Civill Polytechnic Institute is a historic school building located at Coeymans in Albany County New York. It was built in 1874 and is a rectangular brick building with a mansard roof with slate shingles. It is three stories tall five bays wide and eleven bays deep. It features an unusual amount of cast iron architectural details including the water table quoins window labels balustrade towers and chimney.
 Dale Church (Norwegian: Dale kyrkje) is the main parish church in Fjaler Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Dale. The church is part of the Fjaler parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1864 and it was consecrated on 24 November of that year by the Dean Johan Carl Christie. The church seats about 550 people.
 For the Chancery see Embassy of the United States in DublinThe Deerfield Residence (formerly the Chief Secretary's Lodge) is the official residence of the Ambassador of the United States of America to Ireland. The premises has been the Ambassador's Official Residence since 1927 and was until 1964 the Embassy of the United States of America in Ireland.
 Ambarrukmo Plaza (also Plaza Ambarrukmo Amplaz) is the largest shopping mall in Yogyakarta with a building area of 120000 m2. The mall was opened in 2006 and consists of 7 floors with anchor tenants including Carrefour Centro Gramedia Cineplex 21 Optik Seis Nike Giordano and Guess.
 Fort Martin Scott is a restored United States Army outpost near Fredericksburg in the Texas Hill Country United States that was active from December 5 1848 until April 1853. It was part of a line of frontier forts established to protect travelers and settlers within Texas.
 Gordon Stephenson House is an office building within the one40william commercial development in Perth Western Australia. The building was named in honour of Gordon Stephenson an architect responsible for planning much of Perth's traffic network.
 The North Side Fargo High Style Residential Historic District in Fargo North Dakota has significance dating back to 1894. It is a 11.7-acre (4.7 ha) historic district with 33 contributing buildings. It includes Colonial Revival Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements American Foursquare and other architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.
 Daniel Bassel House is a historic home located at Lost Creek Harrison County West Virginia. It was built between 1860 and 1865 and is a five bay double pile red brick house with a hipped roof. It sits on a sandstone foundation. In the 1890s a Queen Anne style full length porch was added to the front facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Gallery of 19th-Century Polish Art at Sukiennice (Polish: Galeria Sztuki Polskiej XIX wieku w Sukiennicach) is a division of the National Museum Kraków Poland. The Gallery is housed on the upper floor of the Renaissance Sukiennice Cloth Hall in the center of the Main Market Square in Old Town Kraków.The Gallery holds the largest permanent exhibit of the 19th-century Polish painting and sculpture in four grand rooms.
 Amyand Park Chapel is a Reformed Baptist church at 174 Amyand Park Road in Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. It was founded as an iron church on 18 October 1889. The current church building was opened in 1952.The pastor is Gerard Hemmings.The church holds services on Sunday mornings and on Sunday evenings.
 All Saints Church Speke is in Speke Liverpool Merseyside England standing at the junction of Hale Road and Speke Church Road. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Aiden Speke. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Jeremiah Platt House in Manhattan Kansas was built in 1871 and added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1981.Jeremiah Everts Platt (1833-1899) a Connecticut native was an early professor at Kansas State Agricultural College employed at the college in 1864. Platt served as the first head of the preparatory department and professor of vocal music; he later taught mathematics and English. Although conferred with an honorary A.M.
 College Heights Historic District is a national historic district located at State College Centre County Pennsylvania. The district includes 278 contributing buildings in an almost exclusively middle-class residential area of State College. The district reflects the growth and architectural of State College as an emerging college town.
 The Old Collier County Courthouse is a historic two-story concrete and stucco courthouse building located in Everglades City Florida. Designed in the Classical Revival style it was built in 1926 by Barron Collier who developed Collier County and for whom the county was named. In 1962 the county seat was moved to East Naples and a new courthouse complex was built there.
 The Church of Our Lady the Merciful (Russian: Церковь иконы Божией Матери Милующей) is a former Russian Orthodox Church in St Petersburg Russia. It is located in the Vasileostrovsky District on Vasilievsky Island at the address 100 Bolshoi Prospekt. The present use of the building is as a training center for naval rescue divers. The church was the prototype for the Naval Cathedral in Kronstadt.
 South Tuckahoe Historic District is located in the Tuckahoe section of Upper Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 7 1997.
 St. Catherine's Ventnor is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ventnor Isle of Wight.
 Mary Queen of the World Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Marie-Reine-du-Monde) is a minor basilica in Montreal Quebec Canada and the seat of the Roman Catholic archdiocese of Montreal. It is the third largest church in Quebec after St. Joseph's Oratory (also in Montreal) and the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré east of Quebec City.
 The USS Iowa Museum is a maritime museum located at the Port of Los Angeles in San Pedro CA. The museum's main artifact is the USS Iowa (BB-61) lead ship of the Iowa class battleship.
 The Burrell Collection is an art collection in the city of Glasgow Scotland. It is situated in Pollok Country Park on the south side of the city.
 David Rittenhouse Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located at Norristown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1928 and is a T-plan building in the Colonial Revival style. It is a three-story red brick building with limestone trim and detailing. It features an ornate two-story semi-circular entrance portico palladian window and limestone clad tower. The school closed in June 1981.
 Holme Eden Abbey was an abbey in Cumbria England.
 The M-towers (also Metropolis Plaza) are three towers currently under construction in Gzira Malta. The tallest of the three at 33 stories is set to become the tallest building on the island surpassing the 98m Portomaso tower. The towers form part of a massive project Metropolis Plaza which includes a large plaza shops and restaurants.
 The Tufveson House is a Queen Anne style house built in 1900 in Minot North Dakota. The builder of the home was Nels Tufveson an immigrant from Sweden.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Gettysburg Armory is a former National Guard armory located at Gettysburg Adams County Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The 61x96 ft (44 ft high) facility was constructed as a $43331 Works Projects Administration project for the local National Guard unit (commanded by Lt Ralph C.
 The Hotel Chadron at 115 Main St. in Chadron Nebraska was built in 1890 in Italianate style. It has also been known as the Railroad YMCA and as the Olde Main Street Inn. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.The hotel opened August 8 1890 as a replacement for a previous hotel that burned. It served as the headquarters for investigating general Nelson A. Miles while he investigated the Wounded Knee Massacre of December 29 1890.
 The Wylie Mansion was an American mansion which once stood at 10 Thomas Circle in Washington D.C. Believed to have been built in 1843 it stood on the northeast section of the circle for over 100 years until a fire destroyed a significant portion of the house on April 20 1947 and it was demolished.
 The Metlar-Bodine House is an historical home and museum in Piscataway Middlesex County New Jersey United States. It is also believed to be haunted. In 2003 a fire badly damaged the house. It is now closed to be repaired.
 Old Main is the oldest building on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. It is one of the most recognizable symbols of the University (especially to alumni and residents of the state of Arkansas) and of higher education in general in Arkansas.
 Charles C. Platt Homestead is a historic home located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County New York. It was built about 1802 and is a two story rectangular plan dwelling on a stone foundation in the Federal style. It features a one story gable roof rear wing with a board and batten wing behind. In 1814 it was used as the headquarters for Major-General Sir Thomas Makdougall Brisbane during the Battle of Plattsburgh.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Eleanor is a historic gaff rigged racing sloop built in 1903 at the B. F. Wood shipyard City Island Bronx and designed by Clinton H. Crane. She is homeported at Hudson Columbia County New York.
 125 S. Fourth St. is the address of an unnamed historic building in the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. The building is part of the Oregon Commercial Historic District and as such is part of the National Register of Historic Places. The district and its contributing properties were added to the Register in August 2006. The building has been altered somewhat from its original appearance including wood siding added to the first floor level and the addition of signage.
 The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark in London built in 1833. The fellowship began worshipping together in 1650. Its first pastor was William Rider and many notable others have filled the position since including Benjamin Keach Dr. John Gill Dr. John Rippon and C. H. Spurgeon. The Metropolitan Tabernacle at Elephant and Castle still worships and holds to its historical principles under its present pastor Dr. Peter Masters.
 Raft Hill is a student housing cooperative located in East Lansing Michigan and a member of the MSU SHC. The house has been operating as a cooperative for over thirty years. It is situated two blocks north of Michigan State University's campus.
 Cedar Park is a historic home at Galesville Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It was originally constructed in 1702 as a 1 1⁄2-story post-in-the-ground structure with hand-hewn timbers and riven clapboards and chimneys at either end the earliest surviving earthfast constructed dwelling in Maryland and Virginia. Later additions and modifications in 1736 and in the early 19th century resulted in the brick structure of today.
 The Château d'Entrechaux is a ruined castle in the commune of Entrechaux in the Vaucluse département of France.The castle stands on a rocky peak above the village and is undergoing restoration. From the site there is a good view of the village and of the surrounding area extending to the castles at Crestet and Beaumont-du-Ventoux.
 Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn also known as Five Springs Farm is a historic home and barn located in Amity Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay limestone dwelling in the Georgian style. It measures 42 feet by 20 feet. It is attached to an earlier two-story 17 feet by 17 feet stone dwelling making a T-shape. The stone barn was also built about 1830 and measures 66 feet by 41 feet.
 St. Andrew's Church Nottingham is a parish church in the Church of England.
 The Granby Center Historic District is a historic district in Granby Connecticut. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.The district includes 35 properties in the center of Granby. This section of town was settled in the 18th century but most of those original buildings no longer exist. The district includes two buildings dating to the 18th century 24 dating to the 19th century and 8 dating to the 20th century.
 The Monastery of St. Nino at Bodbe (Georgian: ბოდბის წმინდა ნინოს მონასტერი bodbis ts’minda Ninos monasteri) is a Georgian Orthodox monastic complex and the seat of the Bishops of Bodbe located 2 km from the town of Sighnaghi Kakheti Georgia. Originally built in the 9th century it has been significantly remodeled especially in the 17th century. The monastery now functions as a nunnery and is one of the major pilgrimage sites in Georgia due to its association with St.
 Taco Mayo Restaurant is a Mexican-American fast food chain based in Oklahoma City Oklahoma.The chain originated in Norman Oklahoma in May of 1978. By 1980 Taco Mayo had expanded into franchising by establishing three stores in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. Over the years Taco Mayo has expanded from a single store in Norman Oklahoma into a regional operation with franchise locations throughout Oklahoma northern Texas southern Kansas and western Arkansas.
 The Newport American Legion Community Hut is located in Remmel Park north of Remmel Avenue in Newport Arkansas. It was built in 1934 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. It served historically as a meeting hall as a single dwelling and as a civic building.The NRHP listing included two contributing buildings on a 1.5-acre (0.61 ha) property.
 The Melville Walker House is an inn on Maine Street in the Kennebunkport Historic District in Kennebunkport Maine. The inn was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1976. It is now known as the Maine Stay Inn.
 Hopkins House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a two story stone structure built in 1833 by John Hopkins an Erie Canal engineer and early settler of Lockport in the Greek Revival style. It was remodeled in about 1865 adding Italianate details. It is one of approximately 75 stone residences remaining in the city of Lockport.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Church of St. Joachim and St. John the Evangelist is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Beacon Dutchess County New York. It was established after a parish mergers of the Church of St. Joachim (Beacon New York) and St. John the Evangelist (Beacon New York).
 The National Cash Register Building commonly referred to as the St. Johns Theater & Pub was a building that was first erected in St. Louis Missouri for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904 and then moved to Portland Oregon the next year for the Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition. It was moved a third and final time to the suburb of St. Johns Oregon which is now a part of Portland. It was given to the St. Johns Congregational Society by the NCR Corporation.
 The Hughes Spalding Children's Hospital located in Atlanta Georgia was a private hospital that served African-American patients beginning in 1952 and serving in a variety of functions through 1989. Renamed from Hughes Spalding Pavilion it reopened in 1992 as a pediatric hospital. The hospital now named Children's Healthcare of Atlanta at Hughes Spalding is owned by Grady Health System and managed by HSOC Inc. an affiliate of Children's Healthcare of Atlanta.
 The church of Saint Sarkis (Armenian: Սուրբ Սարգիս եկեղեցի; pronounced Surp Sarkis) is located at the edge of a gorge opposite the town of Ashtarak in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is situated at an attractive point at a promontory overlooking the gorge and offers a fine view to the three churches of Tsiranavor Spitakavor and Karmravor. Located in the center of town nearby is also the church of S. Mariane. Directly below Saint Sarkis in the gorge is a unique bridge built in 1664.
 The Fenway Studios are artists' studios located at 30 Ipswich Street Boston Massachusetts now listed as a National Historic Landmark.The studios were built after a disastrous 1904 fire at Harcourt Studios in which many artists lost their homes studios and work. Business and civic leaders promptly acquired the land hired architects and began construction.
 The Bass Museum of Art is an art museum located in Miami Beach Florida in the United States. The museum specializes in art from around the world from the Renaissance to modern art.
 The Struve Geodetic Arc is a chain of survey triangulations stretching from Hammerfest in Norway to the Black Sea through ten countries and over 2820 km which yielded the first accurate measurement of a meridian.The chain was established and used by the German-born Russian scientist Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve in the years 1816 to 1855 to establish the exact size and shape of the earth.
 St. John's Lutheran Church also known as St. John's German Evangelical Church of Walhalla is a historic church at 301 W. Main Street in Walhalla South Carolina.It was built in 1859 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Clifton Springs Sanitarium is a historic sanitarium building located at Clifton Springs in Ontario County New York. Construction of the sanitarium building began in 1892 as a five-story ell-shaped 244-foot-long (74 m) brick structure in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The facade is eleven bays wide and terminated at each end by a conical tower with flat roof. A rectangular tower dominates the central bay.
 The Museum of Fine Arts Houston (MFAH) located in the Houston Museum District Houston is one of the largest museums in the United States. The permanent collection of the museum spans more than 6000 years of history with approximately 64000 works from six continents.The museum benefits the Houston community through programs publications and media presentations. Each year 1.25 million people benefit from museum's programs workshops and resource centers.
 Victory Plaza is a twin tower skyscraper complex in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou Guangdong China. Tower A is 222 m (728 ft) with 52 storeys while Tower B is 150.58 m (494.0 ft) with 36 floors. Construction of Victory Plaza was completed in 2007.
 Wing Fort House is a historic house at Spring Hill Road in East Sandwich Massachusetts.The house was built in 1641 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.The Wing Fort House is recognized as the oldest home in New England continuously owned by the same family. Stephen Wing either purchased the homestead from the town of Sandwich or the town granted him the property around the time of his first marriage in 1646.
 Clifton Hall is a country house in the village of Clifton Nottinghamshire (grid reference SK54043483). As well as being a Grade I listed building the hall is part of the Clifton Village Conservation Area. While the history of the place stretches back to the 11th century the hall was remodelled in the late 18th century in a Georgian style. It was owned by the Clifton family Lords of the Manor of Clifton from the late 13th century to the mid-20th century.
 West Coast Plaza is a neighbourhood shopping centre located in West Coast of Singapore. Formerly as Ginza Plaza it was built in 1993 and closed in 2007 for major upgrading. By November 2008 upgrading works has been completed and it was renamed as West Coast Plaza. It held its soft opening on 15 November 2008. On top of the Shopping Centre are Serviced Apartments. The building has a multi storey car park and is linked with a pedestrian bridge to the other side of the main road.
 SS. Cyril and Methodius in Lemont (Polish: Kościół Świętego Cyryla i Metodego) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in Lemont Illinois. It is a prime example of the so-called 'Polish Cathedral style' of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. It is along with the Hindu Temple of Greater Chicago one of two monumental religious edifices that dominates the Lemont skyline.
 The Trenchard Museum is based at RAF Halton Halton Buckinghamshire England. The overall aim of the museum is to preserve and display items that relate to the early history of Royal Air Force and in particular the training of apprentices which took place at RAF Halton. It is named after Lord Trenchard who is known as the father of the Royal Air Force founded the aircraft apprentice scheme and had a strong association with RAF Halton. The museum was opened in 1999.
 Rib Crib is a table-service restaurant chain which specializes in barbecue and smoked meats notable for their spare ribs pork spare and baby back ribs and their bold mild and hot sauces. All locations share a common theme of rustic lodge-like surroundings; Western whimsical as its founder Bret Chandler termed it.The first Rib Crib opened in Tulsa Oklahoma in 1992 using a hickory-wood-burning smoker within an old house. There are 50 locations in the chain.
 Banksia Hall located in Barnwell South Carolina is noteworthy because it is representative of the state’s upcountry style of plantation home circa 1780-1800. The landmark is historically significant as well. Shortly after the Civil War federal military forces used the house to grant pardon to those who participated in the war provided they pledged allegiance to the Union and promised to obey the laws of the United States.
 The Norwich State Hospital originally established as Norwich State Hospital for the Insane is located in Preston Connecticut and Norwich Connecticut. It opened its doors in October 1904 and though the number of patients and employees were drastically reduced it remained operational until October 10 1996. Norwich State Hospital was a mental health facility initially created for the mentally ill and those found guilty of crimes by insanity.
 St Michael and All Angels Church Mottram stands on Warhill overlooking the village of Mottram in Longdendale Greater Manchester England. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Mottram.
 Axholme Charterhouse North Lincolnshire is one of the ten medieval Carthusian houses (charterhouses) in England. It was established in 1397/1398 by Thomas Mowbray Earl of Nottingham.
 The Municipal Corporation Building Mumbai located in South Mumbai in Maharashtra India is a Grade IIA heritage building (‘V’ shaped as viewed from top) opposite to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (a UNESCO World heritage site) at the junction of Dadabhai Naoroji Road and Mahapalika Marg.
 The Church of Saint Bernard is a Roman Catholic parish in the North End neighborhood of Saint Paul Minnesota. The brick church was designed by John Jager and built 1905–1914 in the Prairie School and Art Nouveau styles. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The parish formerly included a private school Saint Bernard's High School which closed in 2010 due to declining enrollment.
 The Stovall House is a historic home in Tampa Florida. It is located at 4621 Bayshore Boulevard. On September 4 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Greenway Court was the estate and hunting lodge of Thomas Fairfax 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron (1693-1781) in what is now Clarke County Virginia USA. The surviving remnants of the complex — a later replacement brick house and Fairfax’s stone land office — are a National Historic Landmark (1960) and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (1966).
 Meriwether County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Greenville Georgia county seat of Meriwether County Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 7 1973.The courthouse was built in 1903-1904 according to a Classical Revival design by J. W. Golucke.
 Yalova Atatürk Mansion (Turkish: Yalova Atatürk Köşkü) is a mansion built for and used by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk during his visits to the thermal facilities in Yalova at Marmara Region Turkey. Currently the building is owned by the Turkish Grand National Assembly and is partly open to public as a house museum.
 Sacred Heart Cathedral is a Romanesque-style church that serves as the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamloops. It is located in the downtown area of Kamloops at the intersection of Nicola Street and 3rd Avenue.The construction of the cathedral began in 1921 a few blocks from the site of an earlier church by the same name that had burned down two years earlier.
 Cherokee Friends Church is a historic church at 120 S. Pennsylvania in Cherokee Oklahoma.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Gifu City Tower 43 (岐阜シティ・タワー43) is a multipurpose skyscraper built in the Hashimoto-chō section in the capital city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan. Officially opened on October 13 2007 Gifu City Tower 43 is the tallest building in Gifu Prefecture with its 43 above-ground floors reaching to a height of 163 m (535 ft). It is located just to the north and west of JR Gifu Station.
 Solano Town Center formerly Solano Mall and Westfield Solano is a shopping mall in Fairfield California United States and is owned by the CBL & Associates Properties. Its four anchor stores are JCPenney Macy's Sears and Best Buy. There is also an Edwards Cinemas multiplex located above the Best Buy anchor. Mervyn's was the mall's fifth anchor store until they went out of business in 2008. Forever 21 moved into the upper level of the former Mervyn's in 2010.
 Saint Luke African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 900 New York Street in Lawrence Kansas United States. It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Bresee Hall is a historic institutional building located on the campus of Hartwick College at Oneonta in Otsego County New York. It was designed by noted architect John Russell Pope and built in 1928. It is a rectangular three story brick building with a symmetrical thirteen bay facade. The east facade features a projecting pedimented three bay pavilion.
 LaMar's Donuts is a chain of gourmet doughnut bistros founded in Kansas City Missouri and headquartered in Greenwood Village Colorado. LaMar's has 27 stores in six states— Arizona Colorado Kansas Missouri Nebraska and Alabama)—and plans to expand to others.
 San Pawl Milqi is the ruin of a Roman-period agricultural villa the most extensive to have ever been unearthed in Malta.According to tradition the villa is where St. Publius the governor and first bishop of Malta welcomed St. Paul after his shipwreck in 60AD. However there is no archaeological evidence that Publius ever lived in the villa.
 Hamre Church (Norwegian: Hamre kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hamre. The church is part of the Osterøy parish in the Arna og Åsane deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.
 Meråker Church (Norwegian: Meråker kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Meråker. The church was built of wood in 1874 and it has a capacity of 300 people. The church is part of the Meråker parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 De Engel is a restaurant located in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1997-2001. It held a Bib Gourmand at least in 2003.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 13.0 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Engel is Lars Litz. Head chef in the Michelin period was Herman den Blijker.
 The Sydney Convention and Exhibition Centre closed in December 2013 to make way for the new Sydney International Convention Exhibition and Entertainment Precinct at Darling Harbour due to be completed for the end of 2016.
 The Purna Bhakti Pertiwi Museum is a history museum specialized on the life of Suharto the former second president of Indonesia and a powerful political figure in modern Indonesian history. It is located in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah (TMII) Jakarta Indonesia.
 The Museum of Russian Icon (Russian: Музей Русской Иконы) is the first in Moscow and the second in Russia private collection of the works of the Old Russian art. It was founded by a Rosgosstrakh manager Mikhail Abramov.
 East Rochester Church and Cemetery Historic District is a historic district at 355 County Road in Rochester Massachusetts.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Isaac Davis House is a historic house at 1 Oak Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The distinctive Italianate brick and brownstone house was built in 1870 by Isaac Davis (1799-1883) a prominent local lawyer and banker. The three story house has a low hipped roof with a modillioned and dentilled cornice and two similar main facades facing Oak Street and Elm Street.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 402 Orange Street in Abilene Texas.The Gothic Revival style building was constructed in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Eversley Hotel was a former hotel in the English seaside resort town of Cromer in the county of Norfolk. The hotel closed it doors shortly after the second world war and is now used as residential flats and is called Eversley Court.
 All Hallows Church also known as The Brick Church is an historic church located at 3604 Solomon's Island Road in Edgewater Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. Parish records date back to 1682 indicating that it existed prior to the Act of Establishment (1692) passed by the General Assembly of Maryland laying off the Province into 30 Anglican parishes.The church building is a low rectangular Flemish bond brick structure with a hip roof.
 Newenham Abbey was a Cistercian abbey in Devon England a short distance south-west of the town of Axminster. The land was granted by Reginald de Mohun for the founding of the abbey in January 1247 and the foundation charter was witnessed by Richard Bishop of Exeter. The mother house of Newenham was Beaulieu Abbey.The abbey suffered greatly at the time of the Black Death in 1349 losing almost all its monks.
 The Bank Buildings is a red Dumfries sandstone building located at 1-27 Castle Street in Belfast Northern Ireland.
 The E.P. Adler House is a c. 1910 historic house located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983 and on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2008. It is also a part of the Vander Veer Park Historic District.
 Poesten Kill Gorge Historic District also known as Poesten Kill Gorge Conservation Area is a national historic district located at Troy in Rensselaer County New York. It consists of two contributing buildings eight contributing sites and two contributing structures.
 Champany Inn is a restaurant located in Champany a hamlet on the junctions of the A904 and A803 roads near Linlithgow West Lothian Scotland. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Kenmore also known as Kenmore Plantation is a plantation house and the only surviving structure from the Kenmore plantation. It was the home of Fielding and Betty Washington Lewis in Fredericksburg Virginia. Betty was the sister of George Washington the first president of the United States. The Lewises had the Georgian mansion built in the 1770s on their 1300-acre (530 ha) plantation.
 The Benjamin DuBois Stone House-Captain Martin Stone House is located at 347 West Main Street Catskill New York on the west side of Catskill Creek. It is significant for its architecture and historically for its relation to the settlement of the area. The Dubois family were some of the original white settlers of the town. The house was built in the 1740s. After passing out of the DuBois family it was owned by Captain Martin.
 The Spire of Dublin alternatively titled the Monument of Light (Irish: An Túr Solais) is a large stainless steel pin-like monument 121.2 metres (398 ft) in height located on the site of the former Nelson's Pillar on O'Connell Street in Dublin Ireland.
 The Home Insurance Building is generally noted as the first tall building to be supported both inside and outside by a fireproof metal frame.
 The Church of St. Barnabas is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Martha Avenue near East 241st Street in The Bronx New York City. The parish was established in July 1910 by the Rev. Michael A. Reilly separated from the Bronx parish of St. Frances of Rome. It is one of the largest parishes in the Archdiocese.
 Benjamin Riegel House is a historic home located at Riegelsville Bucks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1832 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick house in a vernacular Georgian style. It has a two-story rear ell added before 1860. The house is situated between the Delaware River and Delaware Division canal and was damaged by flooding in 1903 1936 and 1955. The house was restored in 1985.
 St. Lawerence Market North in Toronto was built in 1968 replacing the former 1904 building. It hosts a variety of markets including a Farmer's Market an antique market and Christmas trees daily from mid-Nov. to Dec. 24th.
 The National Archeology Museum (Italian: Museo Archeologico Nazionale) is a museum located right on Piazza San Marco in Venice.The National Archeology Museum was established in 1523 by Cardinal Domenico Grimani. This Museum has a great collection of Greek and Roman sculptures ceramics coins and stones dating back as far as the 1st Century B.C.
 The Saghmosavank (Armenian: Սաղմոսավանք) is a 13th-century Armenian monastic complex located in the village of Saghmosavan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Like the Hovhannavank Monastery which is five kilometers north Saghmosavank is situated atop the precipitous gorge carved by the Kasagh river. Their silhouettes dominate the adjacent villages and rise sharp against the background of the mountains crowned by Mount Aragats.
 The Francis H. Holmes House located at 349 Rocky Hill Ave. in New Britain Connecticut was designed by Walter P. Crabtree and built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Pon Pon Chapel was built in 1820 in Jacksonboro South Carolina. It was located on Parker’s Ferry Road the busy stagecoach thoroughfare that connected Charleston South Carolina and Savannah Georgia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Mulberry River Bridge in Turner's Bend Arkansas is a Parker Pony truss bridge over the Mulberry River.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2007.
 The Bubble Houses also known as the Goodyear Balloon Houses were four (three single and one double) bubble or airform houses designed by Wallace Neff and built at the Wigwam Resort in Litchfield Park Arizona during the 1940s. They were demolished during the 1980s.
 La Fregate is a hotel in Saint Peter Port Guernsey overlooking Cambridge Park near Saint Peter Port Harbour. The hotel located in a historic 18th century manor house contains 9 double rooms and 4 single rooms.The AA two rosette restaurant as of 2011 is headed by Neil Maginnis and is noted for its seafood.
 Berkåk Church (Norwegian: Berkåk kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Berkåk just west of the European route E6 highway. The church was built in 1878 by Henrik Nissen in a Neo-Gothic style. The church can hold up to 200 people.The church is part of the Berkåk parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Bethlehem Methodist Church and Cemetery (Bethlehem United Methodist) is a historic church in Clarksville Tennessee.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 Faith Episcopal Church is located in Cameron Park California United States just off of U.S. Route 50 in the California Gold Country foothills region. Parishioners come from Sacramento Folsom El Dorado Hills and the Placerville area. The parish is located in a modern church building completed in 2003 housing a congregation that started as a mission group in the home of Father Kent S. McNair.
 Palace of Slavonian General Command (Croatian: Palača Slavonske Generalkomande) is a building of former Generalship (Generalat) for the Slavonian Military Frontier located in Osijek. Today it is the seat of University of Osijek Rectorate. It is located on the northern side of the St.Trinity square in Tvrđa. It is one of the symbols of Osijek and Croatia and is featured on the reverse of 200 Croatian kuna banknote.
 Burg Oberkapfenberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Robert A. Thompson House is located along NY 302 in the Thompson Ridge section of the Orange County New York town of Crawford. It was built in 1822 in the Federal style. One of the stones in the northwest cable bears his initials and that date. His descendants established the Dutch-Belt dairy farm which still operates. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Z.C.B.J. Rad Tabor No. 74 also known as Tabor Hall is an historic building located south of Dorchester in rural Saline County Nebraska. It was built in 1914; a large dance pavilion was added in 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 23 1985. It historically served as a meeting hall for the Czech community hosting Czech language classes and Sokol events.
 Noorderlicht (Dutch for Northern Light) is a multifaceted and international platform for documentary photography. Based in Groningen Netherlands Noorderlicht organizes an annual photo festival runs a photo gallery a publishing house provides an educational programme and discussions lectures and masterclasses.
 Shimonoseki City Archaeological Museum (下関市立考古博物館 Shimonoseki Shiritsu Kōko-hakubutsukan) opened in Shimonoseki Yamaguchi Prefecture Japan in 1995. It is located next to the Ayaragigō Site a Yayoi settlement that has been designated a national Historic Site.
 The Concord Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Narita-san (成田山 Narita mountain) Shinshō-ji (新勝寺 New victory temple) is a Shingon Buddhist temple located in central Narita Chiba Japan. It was founded in 940 by Kanchō Daisōjō a disciple of Kōbō Daishi. It is a lead temple in the Chisan branch (Chisan-ha 智山派) of New Shingon (Shingi Shingon 新義真言宗) includes a large complex of buildings and grounds and is one of the best-known temples in the Kantō region.
 The Miaoli Pottery Museum or Miaoli Ceramics Museum (Chinese: 苗栗陶瓷博物館; pinyin: Miáolì Táocí Bówùguǎn) is a museum of pottery in Gongguan Township Miaoli County Taiwan.
 Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 369 Drayton Street in McClellanville South Carolina.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 Van Zile House is located in Midland Park Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1736 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Museo de Arte Hispanoamericano Isaac Fernández Blanco is a museum of art located in the Retiro ward of Buenos Aires Argentina.
 The city of Lviv Ukraine has had a series of town hall buildings since approximately 1357. These have for centuries been recognized landmarks of the community.
 De Hoefslag is a restaurant located in Bosch en Duin in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1979-1980 1987-2005 and 2009-2012. It was awarded two Michelin stars in the period 1981-1986.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 16.0 out of 20 points.De Hoefslag is a member of Les Patrons Cuisiniers.Present head chef is Karl van Baggem.
 The Round Barn Dubuque Township is an historic structure located in Dubuque Township in Dubuque County Iowa. It was built in 1915 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18.3m) around. The structure is constructed in clay tile and features a windowed cupola and dormers on the north and west sides.
 The Church of St. George in Varaždin is Serbian Orthodox church in Croatia. The church is dedicated to Saint George. Work on church were completed in 1884.
 The American Advertising Museum was a museum in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Founded in 1986 the museum displayed advertising from the 18th century to the present day. The museum featured both permanent and traveling exhibits on advertising campaigns industry icons and advertising in general. There was also a library and gift shop before it closed by the end of 2004.
 Sirocco is the world's largest all open-air restaurant and Sky Bar located on the 64th floor of the State Tower in Bangkok Thailand which is the second tallest building in Thailand. The 150-capacity restaurant opened its doors in the winter of 2003.
 The Hamilton White House is a historic home in Syracuse New York. The house Greek Revival in design was built by and for Hamilton White Esq circa 1840/42 and occupied by his family in 1842/43. Many believe based on similarities in structure and style that the unknown architect and builder was the same person who designed and built the Moses Burnett House completed in early 1842 later to become the Syracuse Century Club building.
 The Claremont Opera House in Claremont New Hampshire United States is a fine example of Renaissance Revival architecture designed by Charles A. Rich of Lamb & Rich New York. Construction began on October 31 1895 and the building was dedicated June 22 1897.
 Church of Saint Maurice (Czech: Kostel svatého Mořice) is a Roman Catholic church in Olomouc Czech Republic. It is located in the city centre near the Horní náměstí (Upper Square) and remains one of the most important landmarks of the city.It is unknown when exactly the church was constructed. It has two towers – the southern tower dates back to 1403 it is the oldest part of the building; the northern one dates back to 1412. The church was probably consecrated in 1492.
 Château de Bruzac is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Old Gimmestad Church (Norwegian: Gimmestad gamle kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sørstranda. The church is part of the Gimmestad parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The wooden church was built in 1692 and the in regular use until 1910 when the new Gimmestad Church was completed. It is one of the few churches in the country with a red exterior. The church seats about 70 people.
 Faxe Church (Danish: Faxe Kirke) is a Danish church located in the Diocese of Roskilde in Faxe Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand. It was built at the end of the 15th century on a site where there had originally been a Romanesque church. A number of frescos probably painted by artists from the Brarup workshop have been uncovered on the cross vaults most recently above the organ.
 Turkey Creek School is a former educational facility located along Arkansas Highway 9 in Stone County Arkansas significant between 1925 and 1949. The traditional frame school building designed by George Green and Robert Hawkins is listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985.
 Lyon Hall also known as the Lyon-Lamar House is a historic Greek Revival mansion in Demopolis Alabama United States. It was built over a period of three years by George Gaines Lyon and his wife Anne Glover Lyon. Lyon was an attorney and the nephew of Francis Strother Lyon who maintained a residence nearby at Bluff Hall.
 Willow Dell is an historic site on 2700 Commander Oliver Hazard Perry Highway in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1752 and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.
 Shadow Lawn is a building in West Long Branch Monmouth County New Jersey United States. It was built in 1927 for Hubert T. Parsons president of the F.W. Woolworth Company. Parsons was financially ruined by the Great Depression and the house was sold in 1939 for $100. Now called Woodrow Wilson Hall it became part of Monmouth University in 1956.The building stands on the site of Joseph Benedict Greenhut's earlier estate of the same name which was destroyed by a fire.
 Lorenzo State Historic Site is a mansion built by Colonel John Lincklaen founder of the village of Cazenovia NY. Colonel Linklaen was the agent of the Holland Land Company upon whose recommendation the Company purchased the 135000-acre (55000 ha) tract of land where the village grew. The painted brick mansion begun in 1807 and completed in 1809 overlooks picturesque Cazenovia Lake. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in July 1970.
 Darlington Railway Centre and Museum is located on the 1825 route of the Stockton and Darlington Railway which was the world's first steam powered passenger railway. It is based inside the station building at the North Road railway station. In April 2008 it was re-branded as Head of Steam following a £1.7m refurbishment project.
 Saint Paul Cathedral is the motherchurch of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. St. Paul's parish was established in 1834. When the diocese was established in 1843 St. Paul's Church was chosen as the cathedral. As the downtown area was claimed by industries the residential areas shifted to other areas of the city. St. Paul's property was sold to the industrialist Henry Clay Frick.
 Sobrato Office Tower is a 17-story class-A office building at 488 Almaden Boulevard in San Jose California. It is the third tallest building in the city. The building was completed in 2005 by the Sobrato Organization and remained unoccupied for five years.
 San Domenico is a church in Pisa Italy. It was erected in 1385 under the guidance of Pietro Gambacorti adjacent to a Dominican Convent. Pietro’s daughter the beatified Chiara Gambacorti resided in that convent.In 1724 through 1732 the interior was decorated in the ornate late-Baroque style. The church and the adjacent convent were extensively damaged during World War II. It is today in use by the Order of the Knights of Malta.
 Hazrati Abu Bakr Siddique is a mosque in Flushing Queens New York United States.The mosque came to national attention when it was revealed that it had been regularly attended by Najibullah Zazi Mohammed Wali Zazi and imam Ahmad Wais Afzali all three charged with issues related to terrorism.
 The Rumely Building is a heritage building located at 244-226 Pacific Avenue in the Central Business District of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. Formerly serving as a warehouse for the Rumely Company Company the building has been converted into residential condominium lofts with commercial units located on the ground floor.
 Summit is a historic home located at Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. It a large brick house once part of a country estate owned by James Albert Gary. It features a three-story Italianate tower and large wing extending to the rear. The main façade is three stories and five bays wide with the tower located on the east side. A one-story porch with square columns and railings runs across the full façade.
 The Capitol Hill Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in the West Portland Park neighborhood of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials. Capitol Hill and the Holgate branch are of a similar design.
 The Church of the Society of Jesus (Spanish: La Iglesia de la Compañía de Jesús) known colloquially as la Compañía is a Jesuit church in Quito Ecuador. It is among the best-known churches in Quito because of its large central nave which is profusely decorated with gold leaf gilded plaster and wood carvings.
 The Wetumpka State Penitentiary (WSP) originally known as the Alabama State Penitentiary was the first state prison established in Alabama. Built on the east bank of the Coosa River in Wetumpka Alabama it was nicknamed the Walls of Alabama or Walls. For much of its existence the prison housed both men and women in separate quarters. The historic site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1973.
 Select World Tower will be a future building complex located in Satu Mare Romania. The structure will be constructed in the shape of a vertical U with two towers of 6 and 8 storys linked together by a 2 story smaller building. The six story tower will contain 4300 square metres (46285 sq ft) of office spaces and a multifunctional hall. The two story building will be a 11000 square metres (118403 sq ft) commercial center.
 Calvary Episcopal formerly St. James Episcopal Church is a historic church off TN 48 in Cumberland Furnace Tennessee.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Filardi House is a house built in Yauco Puerto Rico in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Land of Clover also known as the Lathrop Brown Estate is a national historic district located at Nissequogue in Suffolk County New York. The district encompasses an estate with six contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The estate house is a large two story brick Georgian Revival structure built between 1912 and 1918. It is loosely patterned after Westover Plantation.
 The Landmark Convention Center in Tacoma Washington (Historically known as the Masonic Temple Building the Temple Theater Helig's Theater and John Hamrick's Temple Theater) is located at 47th Street and Helens Avenue. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. Ambrose J. Russell is credited as the architect of the meeting hall and theater.
 The Lot Crocker House is a historic house at 284 Gosnold Street in Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story wood frame Cape style house was built c. 1800. It is five bays wide with a center entry that has a transom window. Lot Crocker member of a locally prominent family lived in this house in the mid-19th century and operated a nearby salt works.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Eastern State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital established in 1891 in Medical Lake a small community 20 miles southwest of Spokane Washington. The original building was a Kirkbride Plan and the current building has a similar floor plan with male and female wings extending out from the main building. [1]It is accredited with the Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO).
 The Upper Nyack Snowshoe Cabin built in 1926 in Glacier National Park is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as a shelter usually 8–12 miles apart for patrolling backcountry rangers. The design is similar to that used in Yellowstone National Park which was in turn adapted from U.S. Forest Service shelters which were themselves adaptations of trapper cabins. Upper Nyack retains some original interior furnishings including hanging beds.
 St Matthew's Church in Paisley is notable for its Art Nouveau architecture by WD McLennan and stained glass window by Robert Anning Bell.The church was built between 1905 and 1907 and shares a small traffic island on Gordon Street with a (now disused) fire station. Originally called St George's East Free Church it became a Church of Scotland with reunification in 1929 and was later renamed St Matthew's.
 The Post Office or Old Post Office in Christine North Dakota United States was built in about 1895-98 and was moved in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.It is a one-and-a-half story 25-by-67-foot (7.6 m × 20.4 m) building.
 The Gippsland Art Gallery is a Victorian Regional Public Gallery based in Sale Victoria 220 kilometres east of Melbourne.The Gallery is operated by the Shire of Wellington and is situated within the Wellington Shire Offices at the Port of Sale Civic Centre 70 Foster Street Sale. The Gallery presents a diverse exhibition program of contemporary modern and colonial artwork by local national and international artists.
 John Calvin Stevens House is an historic house in the West End neighborhood of Portland Maine.
 Jamaica Inn originally a public house and now an inn is a Grade II listed building in the civil parish of Altarnun Cornwall United Kingdom. Located just off the A30 near the middle of Bodmin Moor close to the hamlet of Bolventor it was built as a coaching house in 1750 as a staging post for changing horses during stagecoach runs over the moor.
 The Museum of Montserrat showcases a selection of the most outstanding artistic and archaeological heritage at the thousand-year-old Abbey of Montserrat. The Museum of Montserrat contains six very different collections. More than 1.300 pieces are exhibited in the museum embracing a vast chronological period.
 Parkview Christian Church is a non-denominational evangelical Christian megachurch located in Orland Park IL a suburb of Chicago. Outreach Magazine rated Parkview as one of the 100 fastest growing churches in America for two years in a row. During the Christmas Eve services in 2012 Parkview reached a record 18000 attendees. Since then they have grown to average 7000 people in attendance between its 2 campuses each week.
 Plumb Grove also known as the Nesbitt-Warner House is a historic house and farm near Clear Spring Maryland. The house was built about 1832 in the Federal style on a property called Nesbitt's Inheritance. The lands and house remained in the Nesbitt family until 1893 when they were sold to Rosa E. Warner.
 Glassworks-Gabler House also known as Building 302A is a historic home located at Monongahela Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1810 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay vernacular log dwelling. It sits on a rubblestone foundation. It has a rear kitchen addition added in the 20th century.
 Woodard Bay Natural Resources Conservation Area is a natural reserve in Olympia Washington protected under the Washington Natural Areas Program. Once an important processing facility for the logging industry it has been designated as the Weyerhaeuser South Bay Log Dump Rural Historic Landscape. Today the area is a renowned sanctuary for a variety of birds harbor seals river otters bald eagles and a colony of bats as well as serving as an important great blue heron rookery.
 El Con Center is an open air shopping center in the city of Tucson Arizona United States. Originally opened in 1960 as an outdoor shopping center it is the oldest shopping mall in the Tucson area. It features J. C. Penney Ross Dress For Less Target Burlington Coat Factory Century Theatres and The Home Depot as its anchor stores. An additional anchor space last occupied by Macy's became a Walmart in the fall of 2013.
 All that remains of 38–39 Bayley Lane is the medieval undercroft or cellar a fourteenth-century cellar that initially belonged to a wealthy merchant who was a clothier. The undercroft is built with sandstone with a stone-ribbed vault for added security and strength. It is accessible from Herbert Art Gallery and Museum Coventry.
 The O Street Museum Foundation is a museum which focuses on exploring the creative process. Located in Washington D.C. O Street Museum Foundation is housed in five interconnected town houses that includes over 100 rooms and 32 secret doors.
 St. Hugh's Charterhouse Parkminster is the only post-Reformation Carthusian monastery in the United Kingdom. It is located in the parish of Cowfold West Sussex England.The monastery was founded in 1873 when the property formerly known as Picknoll was acquired for its construction in order to accommodate two houses of continental Carthusians in exile. Building took place between 1876 to 1883 to designs by a French architect Clovis Normand who had at his disposal a generous budget.
 The Akron Art Museum is an art museum in Akron Ohio USA.The museum first opened its doors on February 1 1922 as the Akron Art Institute. It was located in two borrowed rooms in the basement of the public library. The Institute offered classes in arts appreciation which were organized by Edwin Coupland Shaw and his wife Jennifer Bond Shaw. It has grown considerably since that time.
 The Bank of Hominy is a building built in 1906 two years after the Oklahoma oil boom of 1904. It is one of four small bank buildings built in Richardsonian Romanesque style in Osage County Oklahoma during 1904-1911. The others are Bank of Burbank Bank of Bigheart and Osage Bank of Fairfax.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Ulucanlar Prison Museum (Turkish: Ulucanlar Cezaevi Müzesi) is a former state prison located at in Ankara Turkey that was converted into a prison museum following restoration by Altındağ Municipality. The museum was opened in 2011. It is the first museum of its kind in Turkey.
 Humayun's tomb (Urdu: ہمایوں کا مقبرہ‎ Humayun ka Maqbara) is the tomb of the Mughal Emperor Humayun in Delhi India. The tomb was commissioned by Humayun's first wife Bega Begum (Haji Begum) in 1569-70 and designed by Mirak Mirza Ghiyas a Persian architect chosen by Bega Begum. It was the first garden-tomb on the Indian subcontinent and is located in Nizamuddin East Delhi India close to the Dina-panah citadel also known as Purana Qila (Old Fort) that Humayun founded in 1533.
 The Dr. Henry S. Pernot House located in Corvallis Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Brooksville Advent Church is a historic church at 1338 Dog Team Road in New Haven Vermont.It was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Page-Vawter House in the town of Ansted in Fayette County West Virginia was built in 1889-90 by company carpenters of the Gauley Mountain Coal Company for the family of William Nelson Page who was company president. The palatial white Victorian mansion is located on a knoll in the middle of town. William and Emma (née Gilham) Page raised their four children there attended by a staff of 8 servants. Architect William Minter designed the house in a Gothic style.
 Myer Centrepoint has over 60+ specialty stories a Safeway and a two level Myer. The shopping centre is focused around fashion boutiques and cafes. Main retailers to feature are Beechworth Bakery Athletes Foot Bakers Delight and a Hairhouse warehouse.
 Lakselv Church (Norwegian: Lakselv kirke) is a parish church in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Lakselv. The church is part of the Porsanger parish in the Indre Finnmark deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1963 by the architect Eyvind Moestue. The church seats about 400 people.
 The Church of St. Michael and St. Anthony is a Roman Catholic church located in Mile End Montreal. It was originally built as the Church of St. Michael and frequented by Irish Catholics. Because of the growth of the Polish community in the area in 1964 a Polish mission was inaugurated in the church and the church's name was expanded to St. Michael and St.
 Northern Lights is a mixed office and residential building whose construction was completed in early 2010. It is located on the fast-developing Left Bank area of Astana Kazakhstan lying approximately halfway between the now iconic Bayterek Tower and the giant KazMunayGaz headquarters.
 First Church of Christ Scientist is a historic Christian Science church building located at 902 Division Avenue at the corner of I (Eye) Street in Tacoma Washington. Designed in the Classical Revival style by noted as well as prolific Tacoma architect Frederick Heath it was built at a cost of $45000 between 1908 and 1911. It was the second building built by the congregation on this site the first being a 1901 wooden structure seating 300 that was torn down in 1908.
 The Repsol-YPF tower is a corporate high-rise building designed by internationally recognized architect César Pelli constructed in the Puerto Madero barrio (district) of Buenos Aires Argentina. Construction began in 2005 and the office building was completed in September 2008. The building is 160 metres (520 ft) tall and has 44 floors. It was upon completion in 2008 the tallest office building in Argentina and the third tallest overall.
 First Congregational Church is located in Ripon Wisconsin. The church was built in the Romanesque architecture and Romanesque Revival architecture styles in 1865. It was designed by E. Townsend Mix. On September 4 1979 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural significance.
 Riverside Cemetery Chapel is a historic chapel at 3607 Pearl Road in Cleveland Ohio.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 The Edward Miller House is a historic house at 36 Miller Stile Road in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Taylor-Corwin House also the Falconer Inn is a Registered Historic Place in Pine Bush New York. It is located at 112 Maple Street (NY 302) a few houses south of its intersection with NY 52.It was one of the earliest houses built in what is today Pine Bush around 1840. Architecturally it was built in the then-popular Greek Revival style with some touches of Colonial Revival. In 1871 James Taylor the local merchant who originally built the house sold it to farmer John Corwin.
 Shiloh Church is a historic church at Huntsville and Main Streets in Springdale Arkansas.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register in 1975.
 Fort William and Mary was a colonial fortification in Britain's worldwide system of defenses manned by soldiers of the Province of New Hampshire who reported directly to the royal governor. The fort known locally as the Castle was situated on the island of New Castle New Hampshire at the mouth of the Piscataqua River estuary. First fortified by the British prior to 1632 the fort guarded access to the harbor at Portsmouth and served as the colony's main munitions depot.
 The Rogers House is an historic house located at 136 Spring Road in Huntington New York which was built in 1820 in the Greek Revival style of architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St. Philip's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 317 E. Main Street in Brevard North Carolina.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 Douai Abbey is a Benedictine Abbey at Woolhampton near Thatcham in the English county of Berkshire situated within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portsmouth. Monks from the monastery of St. Edmund's in Douai France came to Woolhampton in 1903 when the community left France as a result of anti-clerical legislation. The abbey church is a grade II* listed building and the gatehouse hall and three blocks of buildings are grade II listed.
 Broadcasting Transmitting Centre in Rusinowo is a 320 metres tall guyed steel mast the highest structure of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship. In years 60 of the ones and 70 of the ones stood right next to the current mast second earlier put mast about 270 metres high as a result of incorrect making of sure join the structure the mast was dismantled because was in danger of collapsing. On the RTCN area Rusinowo are visible in grass old already unused concrete blocks from rust with anchors.
 Magill Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown Franklin County New York. It was built about 1911 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame structure on a concrete foundation. It is topped by a hipped roof with two steeply pitched cross gable extensions in the Queen Anne style. It has a large 1-story porch and two second-story sleeping porches.
 The Stoomgemaal Vier Noorder Koggen is a pumping station and listed building located on the IJsselmeer at Medemblik in the Netherlands. Constructed in 1869 the steam engines operated until the completion of an electric pumping station at Wervershoof in 1975. In 1985 the building was used as a storage facility for the Dutch Steam Museum. In 2010 the Dutch Water Board committed 6.8 million Euros to refurbish the building into a working museum.
 First Congregational Church of East Haven (also known as Old Stone Church) is a historic church located at 251 Main Street in East Haven Connecticut.The church was built in 1774 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Ocle Priory was a priory near Ocle Pychard in Herefordshire England at grid reference SO577464.
 Ramkot Fort is an ancient fort situated in Azad Kashmir Pakistan beside the Mangla Dam. It is accessible through boat 13 kilometers away from Dina and 79 kilometers by road from Mirpur Azad Kashmir to Dadyal village. The fort is a 30 minute walk from Dadyal.Located on the summit of a hill Ramkot Fort is built over the site of an old Hindu Shiva temple. Three sides of this hilltop are surrounded by the River Jhelum.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Depot in Clinton Minnesota United States is a historic railway station. It is now known as the Clinton Depot and serves as a local history museum for the Clinton area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The interior has hardwood floors and decorative wainscoting in the waiting room an office in the middle and a freight room at the south end.
 Elizabeth Spring is an historic site off Forge Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The site was built in 1858 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Central City/Black Hawk Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District that encompasses Central City and Black Hawk Colorado. They are adjacent former gold mining camps in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains in Gilpin County Colorado United States. For a time the area was known as the Richest Square Mile on Earth.The district was designated a National Historic Landmark on July 4 1961.
 The Previsora Tower (Spanish: Torre Previsora) is an office skyscraper located in sector Plaza Venezuela in Caracas Venezuela and is the headquarters of the company Seguros La Previsora. The tower is 117 meters high and has 24 floors is considered one of the most important architectural figures of Caracas due to its pyramidal shape and its famous clock on the side of the tower making time visible in much of the city. Construction of the tower began in 1970 and finally was inaugurated in 1973.
 Rockbridge Inn is a historic inn and tavern located near Natural Bridge Rockbridge County Virginia. It was built between 1821 and 1823 and is a two-story five-bay brick building. A two-story frame wing was built in 1841. It was remodeled in the 1880s with the addition of two-story porches and interior redecoration. It operated as an inn until the 1930s.
 Næsseslottet is an 18th-century country house located on the shores of Lake Furesøen at Lyngby north of Copenhagen Denmark. The name which translates as Peninsula House is a reference to the buildings setting on a narrow peninsula which extends from the east shore of the lake. The estate had previously been a royal farm known as Dronningegård and this name has long been associated with the locale.
 Little York Pavilion also known as Dwyer Memorial County Park Main Pavilion is an historic trolley park pavilion located at Preble in Cortland County New York. It was built about 1906 with later additions and modifications and is a two story Stick/Eastlake style structure rectangular at the core with surrounding verandahs and a jutting pavilion at each corner.
 San Nicolò al Lido is a church in Venice northern Italy. It is located in the northern part of Venice's Lido and houses the relics of St. Nicholas patron of sailors (shared with Bari). Here is celebrated the traditional thanksgiving mass of the Sposalizio del Mare (Marriage of the Sea).The complex is held by the Franciscan order.St. Nicholas was the model for Santa Claus whose modern name comes from the Dutch Sinterklaas.
 The Westin Peachtree Plaza Atlanta is a skyscraper hotel on Peachtree Street in downtown Atlanta Georgia adjacent to the Peachtree Center complex and the former Davison's/Macy's flagship store. At 220.37 m (723.0 ft) and 73 stories and a 57 m (187 ft) diameter the tower is the second-tallest all-hotel skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere and the 17th tallest all-hotel building in the world.
 Old Albany Post Road is a 6.6-mile (10.6 km) dirt road in Philipstown New York one of the oldest unpaved roads still in use in the United States. It runs mostly north-south through the southeastern corner of the town near the Putnam Valley town line.
 Beecher Hall is the first college building erected in the state of Illinois. It housed Illinois' first medical school in 1843. It is named after the first president of Illinois College Edward Beecher. Beecher Hall is recognized by the National Park Service as being a stop on the Underground Railroad. The U.S. Postal Service released a 19 cent postage paid post card featuring Beecher in 1993.
 The Atkinson Building is an historic building at 220 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The Romanesque style building was constructed in 1892 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 HM Prison Hewell is a multiple security category men's prison in the village of Tardebigge in Worcestershire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Casa de los Dragones or House of the Dragons is an important landmark in the Spanish exclave of Ceuta on the north coast of Africa and an extraordinary example of eclectic architecture. The house is on a corner of Kings Square.
 The York Cliffs Historic District is located in York Maine. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1984.
 Turkmenbashi Ruhy Mosque or Gypjak Mosque (Turkmen: Türkmenbaşy Ruhy Metjidi) is a mosque in the village of Gypjak about 7 kilometres west of the centre of Ashgabat Turkmenistan on the M37 highway.
 The Ritzville Carnegie Library located in Ritzville Washington is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1907 with a grant from Andrew Carnegie and still operates as Ritzville's library. It was designed by the Spokane architectural firm of Preusse & Zittel.
 The Pembina County Courthouse in Cavalier North Dakota was built in 1912. It was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1980.The courthouse is the only Buechner & Orth-designed courthouse in North Dakota. The listing includes a second contributing building a sheriff's residence and jail.
 Knowlton Memorial Hall is a historic hall at 25 Pompey Hollow Road in Ashford Connecticut.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The John Mertz House at 610 W. Washington St. in Sandusky Ohio was built in 1909. It was designed and/or built by George Feick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The American Antiquarian Society (AAS) located in Worcester Massachusetts is both a learned society and national research library of pre-twentieth century American History and culture. Its main building known also as Antiquarian Hall is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. The mission of the AAS is to collect preserve and make available for study all printed records of what is now known as the United States of America.
 The Indian Business Museum is located in the city of Kozhikode in the state of Kerala India. It was open in 2013 and is dedicated to showcasing the rich traditions of Indian Business. The museum intends to collect consolidate and conserve the rich business history of India. The museum also seeks to inspire and ignite business entrepreneurship among the youth.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 12 W. Fort Streets in Marion North Carolina.The congregation was established in 1845 and the current church building was constructed in 1923. The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Farmers Market also known as York Farmers' Market and Market & Penn Street Farmers' Market is a historic public market located at York Pennsylvania York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1876 and expanded about 1890. The original section is a simple 60 feet wide and 80 feet long gable roofed brick building. A 40 foot wide rectangular section was added in the expansion and the two sections were joined under a single moderately pitched gable roof.
 The Joy Homestead is an historic site at 156 Scituate avenue in Cranston Rhode Island.The colonial house was built in 1764 and added to the National Historic Register in 1971.
 The Black Country Living Museum (formerly The Black Country Museum) is an open-air museum of rebuilt historic buildings in Dudley in the West Midlands of England. It is close to Dudley Castle in the centre of the Black Country conurbation. The museum occupies 105000 square metres (26 acres) of former industrial land partly reclaimed from a former railway goods yard disused lime kilns and former coal pits.
 The Fulton Building in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. On May 26 1943 the building hosted America's first night-court for gasoline war ration violators. Since 2001 it has been the home of the city's Renaissance Hotel.
 10 Firwood Fold is a 16th-century house in Bolton Greater Manchester (grid reference SD73171109). It is a Grade I listed building and the birthplace of Samuel Crompton.
 The Pioneer Building is a Richardsonian Romanesque stone red brick terra cotta and cast iron building located on the northeast corner of First Avenue and James Street mere yards from where James Street runs into Yesler Way in Seattle's Pioneer Square District. Completed in 1892 the Pioneer Building was designed by architect Elmer Fisher who designed several of the historic district's new buildings following the Great Seattle Fire of 1889.
 Holly Grove Methodist Church is a historic church in Anacoco Louisiana.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Hose and Hook and Ladder Truck Building is located in Thomaston Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1882 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 4 1982.The brick used was produced by the Seth Thomas family brickyard nearby.
 Tate Britain (known from 1897 to 1932 as the National Gallery of British Art and from 1932 to 2000 as Tate Gallery) is an art gallery situated on Millbank in London. It is part of the Tate network of galleries in England with Tate Modern Tate Liverpool and Tate St Ives. It is the oldest gallery in the network opening in 1897. It houses a substantial collection of the works of J. M. W. Turner.
 Wheelock Church (also known as Wheelock Mission Church) is a historic church building in Millerton Oklahoma. Built in 1846 it is the oldest surviving church building in the state of Oklahoma and the oldest church among the Choctaw nation.The congregation was established in 1832 and the current stone church building was constructed in 1846 with a cemetery established across the road. Buried in the cemetery is Alfred Wright a physician and missionary to the Choctaw Native Americans.
 The South Milwaukee Post Office is located in South Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 St. Joseph Catholic Church is a historic church at 110 E. Henri de Tonti Boulevard in Tontitown Arkansas.It was built in 1939 in a Gothic Revival style and was added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Apartment Building at 2225 N Street in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Northwest Washington D.C. was constructed in 1924 by local real estate developers Harry Wardman and Eugene Waggaman. In 1994 the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Village Subway also commonly known as Raleigh Underground was an underground entertainment district located underneath the Cameron Village shopping center in Raleigh North Carolina. During the 1970s and 1980s this underground network contained nightclubs restaurants and an arcade. Live music and entertainment consistently made appearances there. The underground music venues included the Old Arcade the Frog the Pier Bear's Den and Nightgown.
 Faletti's Hotel is an old historical hotel in Lahore Pakistan which was opened in 1880 during the British Raj by an Italian Giovanni Faletti. It was closed in the late 1990s for privatization and re-opened in June 2013 after undergoing refurbishment.From its 1880 opening until the establishment of modern 5-star hotels in Pakistan in the 1970s Faletti's was considered to be the most prestigious hotel in Pakistan.
 The building at 941–955 Boylston Street in the Back Bay district of Boston Massachusetts was designed by Arthur H. Vinal in 1886 while he was City Architect as the city's first combined fire and police station. The building constructed in 1887 is in the Richardsonian Romanesque style as was Vinal's most notable other work the Chestnut Hill Water Works pumping station built at about the same time.
 The Benzie County Courthouse is a historic former courthouse in Beulah Michigan. It is a Michigan State Historic Site and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1912 as a hotel and recreation center it later served as a courthouse until 1976.
 The Southside School formerly known as Southside School Annex at 190 E. Liberty in Reno Nevada was built in 1936 as an additional building to a 1903-built original building. Only the 1936 annex building survives. It was built with Works Progress Administration funding.
 The Château de Cambiac is a 15th-century castle in the commune of Cambiac in the Haute-Garonne département of France.Originally a vast 15th century residence it was probably constructed on the foundations of an earlier structure. It was given to the sieur Milhau constable of Montauban by Marguerite de Navarre.At the end of the 19th century massive restoration works gave the castle an extra floor and a pavilion.
 White Bluff also known as Ecor Blanc is a historic site located along the Tombigbee River in Demopolis Alabama. It is a chalk cliff roughly one mile long that is composed of a geological layer known as the Demopolis Chalk Formation part of the Selma Group. The upper portions of the cliff stood almost 80 feet (24 m) above the river before the construction of the Demopolis Lock and Dam downriver.
 Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church in Rice County Minnesota is located in Webster Township in Rice County MN. It is situated about 1 mile south of Minnesota State Highway 19 at 8501 Garfield Avenue S. southeast of Lonsdale Minnesota.
 The historic Round Hill hotel and villa resort near Montego Bay in Hopewell Hanover Jamaica opened in 1952. It is located on a 100-acre (40 ha) peninsula that was originally a sugar plantation and subsequently changed to coconuts and allspice.[citation needed] It has entertained many celebrities and politicians including John F. Kennedy Ralph Lauren Paul Newman and Bob Hope.[citation needed] Ian Fleming was a frequent guest at Round Hill during his time in Jamaica.[citation needed]
 The Polish Church of Sacred Heart of Jesus & St Cuthbert is a Roman Catholic Church serving the Polish community in Bedford England.There have been at religious buildings on the site since the eighth century but the current church building was originally constructed as an Anglican church in 1846-7 in a neo-Norman style and was known simply as St Cuthbert. The north and south aisles are additions of 1865 and the north transept porch was constructed in 1907.
 The Simon Plimpton Farmhouse is a historic farm at 561 South Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It was probably built about 1819 by Simon Plimpton and his brother Baxter on family-owned land. Baxter Plimpton eventually deeded his share over to Simon; the house has been in the hands of Plimpton descendants since. The house is a 2.5 story wood frame house five bays wide with a center chimney.
 St. Agnes Chapel was an Upper West Side Episcopal plant chapel of Trinity Church (New York City) one of many. It was located at 121-147 West 91st Street between Amsterdam and Columbus Avenues. It was at first reused by its parish school and then demolished for a gymnasium in the 1940s.The church was built between 1890 and 1892 by William Appleton Potter and widely hailed as one of the greatest churches constructed in the city at that time.
 The Edna S. Purcell house (now known as the Purcell-Cutts House) was designed by the firm of Purcell Feick and Elmslie for architect William Purcell and his family in 1913. It is located in Minneapolis Minnesota.The dwelling is a notable example of Prairie School architecture featuring a long narrow floor plan that disregards Victorian concepts about room divisions. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Portland Mills Covered Bridge is the oldest covered bridge in Parke County Indiana and is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by Henry Wolf in 1856. The bridge is 146 feet (45 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high. By the 1990s the bridge had fallen into severe neglect but was extensively renovated in 1996.
 Hamilton Park Community Houses are three historic homes located at New Brighton Staten Island New York. The Pritchard House (66 Harvard Ave. c. 1853) is a large 2-story L shaped brick building coated with rusticated stucco. No 32 Park Place (c. 1865) is a 2-story brick dwelling with a mansard roof. It features an Italianate style cornice. The Hamilton Park Cottage (105 Franklin Ave. ca. 1860s) is a 2 1⁄2-story red brick house.
 Commack Methodist Church and Cemetery is a historic Methodist church meeting house and cemetery located at 486 Townline Road in Commack Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1789 and is a relatively large two story two bay shingled building with a broad overhanging gable roof. It is the oldest Methodist church in New York State in continuous operation. The surrounding burial ground has graves dating to the 18th century.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Lorenzo Palmer and Ruth Wells House is a privately owned house located at 760 Maple Grove Avenue in the city of Hudson in westernmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic State and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 8 2001.The house was built in 1845 in the style of Greek Revival architecture by Litchfield Connecticut native Lorenzo Palmer who moved to Michigan in 1843.
 The Shops at Kenilworth is a mall in Towson Maryland. It has more than 30 stores. The mall opened in 1979.The mall used to have an express location of the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration. This location closed on September 23 2005 in favor of a new location elsewhere in Baltimore County.The mall used to have a location of European clothing retailer Ulla Popken which opened in 2000. This store has since closed.In 2008 the mall started to undergo a multi-million dollar facelift.
 The EMC Insurance Building is a high-rise office building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The building rises 19 floors and 325 feet (99 m) in height. It is currently tied with the HUB Tower as the 6th-tallest building in the city. Designed by Brooks Borg Skiles Architecture Engineering the building was completed in 1997 for $54 million.
 Ozias Goodwin House is a historic house at 7 Jackson Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 The Bryant H. and Lucie Barber House is a Registered Historic Place in the Ogle County Illinois city of Polo. It is one of six overall sites and three homes in Polo listed on the Register. The other two homes listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Polo are the John McGrath House and the Henry D. Barber House.
 The Church of the Assumption is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Roman Catholic church located on US 41 400 feet east of M-26 in Phoenix in Houghton Township Michigan. It is also known as the Phoenix Church. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Spier's school at Beith in North Ayrshire Scotland NS 35355327 KA15 1LU was opened in 1888 and closed in 1972. The school now demolished was built using Ballochmyle red sandstone and was reminiscent of the ancient Glasgow University. The school motto was 'Quod verum tutum' (What is true is right). The gardens and woodlands are open to the public at all times.Sustrans National Route 7 at Kilbirnie Lochside is the nearest cycle-route access.
 The Richard Sparrow House is an historic house at 42 Summer Street in Plymouth Massachusetts and the oldest surviving house in Plymouth.The house was built around 1640 by Richard Sparrow an English surveyor who arrived in Plymouth in 1636. He was granted a 16-acre (6.5 ha) tract of land in 1636 on which the house was later built. Sparrow moved to Eastham in 1653. The Richard Sparrow House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 MarinaBlue also known as Marina Blue is a skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown and forms part of the Biscayne Wall a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. The tower was one of the first buildings making up the wall to be completed. Built by Hyperion Development the developers of another building named Blue on the Bay further uptown the building finished construction in May 2007.
 The Granada Cinema in Tooting an area in the borough of Wandsworth London was one of the great luxurious cinemas built in the 1930s. It is considered by many to be the most spectacular cinema in Britain.
 Berkeley Springs Train Depot is a historic railway depot located at Berkeley Springs Morgan County West Virginia. It was built in 1915 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. It is a one story rectangular red brick building with a bell-cast red tile roof and measures approximately 80 feet long by 20 feet wide. It features Mission Revival style details. It ceased use as a passenger depot in 1935.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Lawrence Street Cemetery or more commonly known as the Village Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Lawrence Street in Methuen Massachusetts. Methuen's third oldest cemetery it was founded in 1832 when the center of town was shifted west from Meeting House Hill to Gaunt Square. Late in the 19th century wealthy industrialist Edward Searles built the 8 foot granite wall on the sides facing his estate.
 The Bionic Tower is a proposed vertical city an extremely large building designed for human habitation designed by Spanish architects Eloy Celaya Mª Rosa Cervera and Javier Gómez. It would have a main tower 1228 metres (4029 ft) high with 300 stories housing approximately 100000 people. The bionic tower would be exactly 400 meters taller than the current tallest building Burj Khalifa.
 The Central High School building on Seventh St. in Devils Lake North Dakota was built in 1936. Now known as Central Middle School it was designed by Devils Lake architect John Marshall in Art Deco style.
 Kew House is a residential house located in Kew Victoria Australia. The house was designed by Australian architect Sean Godsell in 1996 - 1997. It is designed in a rectangular shape (18m by 9m) that cantilevers 5.5 m over a slope from the street.Sean Godsell was born in Melbourne in 1960 and is a new generation of architect in the 1990s who insists on the traditions of Modernism and the crusades for the difference in family houses design.
 Keith-Albee is a theatre located along Fourth Avenue in downtown Huntington West Virginia in the United States of America. The Keith-Albee was named after the Keith-Albee-Orpheum Corporation one of the leading vaudeville performance chains at that time to convince the directors of Keith-Albee-Orpheum to make the Keith-Albee a regular stop.
 Ixworth Priory was an Augustine priory at Ixworth in the English county of Suffolk. It was founded in the 12th century and dissolved in 1537. The priory was dedicated to St Mary and founded by Gilbert Blundus.The original building possibly from around 1100 may have been destroyed by a period of civil war and rebuilt on the present site on the west edge of Ixworth.
 The Pioneer Memorial Cemetery is a historic pioneer cemetery in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. It is located on a small hill overlooking Lunken Airport at 333 Wilmer Avenue on Cincinnati's east side.The oldest cemetery in Hamilton County it lies at the site of Columbia Baptist Church founded in 1790. Columbia is the oldest settlement in Hamilton County as it was founded in 1788 one month before Losantiville (later Cincinnati).
 The Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies is located in Banff Alberta Canada. The museum collects preserves exhibits and makes available for research and education materials related to the cultural heritage of the Rocky Mountains of Canada and other mountains around the world. The museum which contains an archive and library was the inspiration of Banff artists Peter and Catharine Whyte.
 The Hermitage is a cottage orné in Hanwell London built by rector Dr. George Henry Glasse in 1809 on the site of a previous house called the Elms. Nikolaus Pevsner described the house as a peach of an early c19 Gothic thatched cottage with two pointed windows a quatrefoil and an ogee arched door all on a minute scale.
 Snapp House also known as Wildflower Farm is a historic home located near Fishers Hill Shenandoah County Virginia. It was built about 1790 and is a two-story Continental log dwelling sheathed in weatherboard. It sits on a limestone basement and has a two-story rubble limestone rear ell with a central chimney. A small frame structure connects the log section to the rear ell.
 Mount Pleasant is a historic home located near Strasburg Shenandoah County Virginia. It was built in 1812 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick Federal style dwelling. The four-bay one-story southeastern wing constructed ofdressed-rubble limestone was probably built about 1790. It was renovated in the 1930s and in 1979. Also on the property are the contributing brick pyramidal-roofed smokehouse (c. 1812); a large frame bank barn (c. 1890-1900); a frame wagon shed/corn crib (c.
 The Energy Centre located in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 39-story 530 feet (162 m) -tall skyscraper designed by HKS Inc.. It is the fourth tallest building in both the city of New Orleans and the state of Louisiana.A four story parking garage is adjacent to the tower one block upriver. The garage is accessible from both Loyola Avenue and South Rampart Street.The building experienced minor damage during Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.
 1700 Market is a high-rise building located in the Market West region of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The building stands at 430 feet (131 meters) with 32 floors and was completed in 1968. It is currently tied with Two Logan Square as the 20th-tallest building in Philadelphia. The architect of the building was Murphy Levy Wurman. 1700 Market has the distinction of being the tallest building in Philadelphia built during the 1960s.
 All Saints' Church — Ashmont officially The Parish of All Saints — Ashmont is a church of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts located at 211 Ashmont Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.The parish began in 1867 as a mission of nearby St. Mary's Church. The cornerstone for current structure was laid in November 1892 and the congregation held its first services in the new ediface December 27 1893.
 The Jesse J. and Mary F. Allee House also known as the Allee Mansion is a historic house located at 2020 640th Street in Newell Iowa. The Queen Anne style Victorian house was built in 1891. The Newell Historical Society leased the house in 1988 and subsequently restored it to a Victorian appearance; the historical society now uses the mansion as a museum. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The St. Lucie Village Historic District is a historic district located in St. Lucie Village Florida. The district runs from 2505 through 3305 North Indian River Drive. Out of the 50 structures lining the Indian River Drive 35 are of historical interest with the contributing structures ranging from Frame Vernacular to Late Victorian architecture. On December 1 1989 the historic district was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and historical significance.
 Union Street Café is a restaurant owned by chef Gordon Ramsay in Southwark London.
 The Thomas-Foreman Historic Home also known as The Grant Foreman House (1419 West Okmulgee) is a house in Muskogee Oklahoma United States built by John R. Thomas in 1905 on a tract of prairie land. It was later named after Thomas' son-in-law Grant Foreman by the Muskogee Historical Society and the National Register of Historic Places. The house is a satellite museum of the Three Rivers Museum located in Muskogee.
 The Frauenthal & Schwarz Building in Conway Arkansas also known as Front Street Mall was built in 1925. It was designed in Chicago style and Commercial Style with Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and other elements by architects Sanders & Ginocchio. The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St. Luke's is an Anglican church in Clifford West Yorkshire England. It is one of three churches in Clifford; the second largest after St. Edward King and Confessor.
 The Rockwell House also known as Frederick W. Rockwell House in Norfolk Connecticut was designed by architect Alfredo S.G. Taylor in Adamesque style and was built in 1928. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Mountain House is a historic Gothic Revival house in western Chillicothe Ohio United States. It was built by German immigrant Oscar Janssen in 1852 sitting atop a bluff above the Scioto River and the rest of the city of Chillicothe; its location and architectural style were intended to resemble that of castles overlooking the Rhine in his homeland.
 The Mead Johnson River-Rail-Truck Terminal and Warehouse is a historic terminal / warehouse at the Port of Evansville in Evansville Indiana. The terminal is operated by Kinder Morgan and is served by CSX Transportation.
 Maeser Elementary was an elementary school in Provo Utah. It was named after Karl G. Maeser. Built in 1898 it is the oldest school building in Provo Utah. The school was designed by architect Richard C. Watkins who also designed the Provo Third Ward Chapel and Amusement Hall The Knight Block Building and the Thomas N. Taylor Mansion.
 Swatara Ferry House also known as Old Fort is a historic home located at Middletown Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It is a 1 1/2-story log building with a full stone foundation and cellar built in two sections. It is believed to date to about 1820. The Middletown Area Historical Society currently owns the building.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Hotel París also Casa de la Bola is a hotel in Huelva Spain. It is located in the heart of the capital and in the rear of the Palace of the Duke of Medina-Sidonia. It was commissioned by Antonio García Ramos and architect Francisco Monís y Morales in 1907. Monís designed a building divided into two independent sectors. The number 1 building was designed as for homes and businesses while the number 2 as the hotel itself. The facade contains elements of both classical and modernist styles.
 The Gen. George Cowles House is located in Farmington Connecticut. The house was built in 1803 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 11 1982.
 La Riviere also known as the William Ingles House is a historic home located at Radford Virginia. It was built in 1892-1893 and is a two-story Queen Anne house with a brick first story and a stuccoed frame second story. The house sits on rock-faced limestone blocks and has a slate-sheathed hipped roof. It features a three-story battlemented tower a conservatory and a curving wraparound porch.
 Cap Juluca hotel is a five-star resort in Cap Juluca Anguilla. It was given a $28 million renovation.The original hotel was located in a white stucco building with Moorish arches and domes .The resort has been highly acclaimed in multiple publications and is rated as one of the 5 Best Resort Hotels in the Caribbean by Yachting Magazine and was included on Condé Nast Traveler's 2010 Gold List.
 The Church of Our Saviour is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 2979 Coloma Street in Placerville El Dorado County California in the United States. The church is part of the Episcopal Diocese of Northern California. On November 17 1977 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Episcopal Church of Our Saviour.
 St Mark's Chapel is a Roman Catholic Parish church that covers the Vancouver campus of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver British Columbia. It is situated in the University Endowment Lands within the grounds of St. Mark's College and Corpus Christi College. It was founded in 1967 by the Congregation of St. Basil and since 2007 it has been served by the Society of Jesus.
 The North Brentwood Historic District is a national historic district located in the town of North Brentwood Prince George's County Maryland. It was the earliest incorporated African American community in the county. The historic district comprises 128 buildings reflecting its development over the period from 1891 to 1950. All of the early vernacular dwellings were of wood frame construction with Late Victorian inspiration.
 Three PNC Plaza is a 361 ft (110 m) tall skyscraper in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was announced on December 19 2005 and completed in 2009 with 23 floors. It is the tallest building constructed in the city since Highmark Tower was completed in 1988. It contains 326000 square feet (30300 m2) of office space a 185-room Fairmont Hotel 28 condominium units and ground level retail.
 The Ben Ezra Synagogue (Hebrew: בית כנסת בן עזרא‎ Arabic: معبد بن عزرا‎) sometimes referred to as the El-Geniza Synagogue (Hebrew: בית כנסת אל גניזה‎) or the Synagogue of the Palestinians is situated in Old Cairo Egypt. According to local tradition it is located on the site where baby Moses was found.
 The Hutchinson-Blood House is a historic house at 394-396 Main Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1840 by John Coats a local housewright. The Greek Revival house was built by Coats for his in-laws Samuel and Lucetta Hutchinson. It is basically Federal in styling although it has a Greek Revival entry surround.
 10 Hudson Yards is an office building currently under construction in Manhattan's West Side. Located near Hell's Kitchen Chelsea and the Penn Station area the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards. Until November 2013 it was known as the South Tower. Due to the fact that Coach Inc. is the anchor tenant the tower is sometimes informally called the Coach Tower.
 The Pietro and Maria Botto House also known as Pietro Botto House at 83 Norwood Street Haledon in Passaic County New Jersey United States is where leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) union spoke to the 15000 striking workers of the Paterson Silk Strike of 1913.The original owners Pietro Botto (1864-1945) and his wife Maria Boggio (1870-1915) were both immigrants from Biella Italy.
 Scranton Chamber of Commerce Building is a historic commercial building located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1926 with alterations made about 1991.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Van Dyne Civic Building also known as The Court House is a historic courthouse building located at Troy Bradford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1894 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular building measuring 50 feet wide and 84 feet deep. It has red brick exterior walls and sits on a cut stone foundation. The front facade features an entrance arch reflecting Richardsonian Romanesque-style design influences.
 The Carnegie Arts Center of Leavenworth Kansas is a private non-profit self-supporting organization. Located in its namesake city the Center is housed in the old Leavenworth Public Library.
 Woodlawn also known as the Pease Mansion as well as Governor Shiver's Mansion is a pre-Civil War mansion located at 30.2871° -97.7581° in Austin Texas. The Greek Revival style house was owned by two Texas governors. Some notable people that have visited the mansion include Sam Houston General George Custer Elisabet Ney Will Rogers and Edith Head. Woodlawn was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 25 1970.
 Ashland Town Center is an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Ashland Kentucky United States. One of two malls serving the city it is located on U.S. Highway 23 near downtown Ashland. The mall features more than seventy retailers and restaurants as well as a food court. Current anchor stores are JCPenney Belk Men and Home Belk Women and Kid's and TJ Maxx. The mall is managed by Glimcher Realty Trust.
 Western State Hospital called Western State Lunatic Asylum in its early years is a hospital for the mentally ill in Staunton Virginia which admitted its first patient on July 24 1828.
 The Basilica of Saint Mary of the Chorus (Basque: Koruko Andre Mariaren basilika Spanish: Basílica de Nuestra Señora del Coro) is a baroque Roman Catholic parish church and minor basilica completed in 1774. It is located in the Parte Vieja of the city of San Sebastián Gipuzkoa Basque Country Spain.
 Flora Fountain at the Hutatma Chowk (Martyr's Square) is an ornamentally and exquisitely sculpted architectural heritage monument located at the southern end of the historic Dadabhai Naoroji Road called the Mile Long Road at the Fort business district in the heart of South Mumbai Mumbai India. Flora Fountain built in 1864 is a fusion of water architecture and sculpture and depicts the Roman goddess Flora. It was built at a total cost of Rs.
 Florida Hospital East is a 225-bed community hospital serving residents of East Orlando Florida.
 New Orleans Exchange Centre formerly known as Chevron Place located at 935 Gravier Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans Louisiana is a 21-story 238 feet (73 m)-tall skyscraper designed in the international style by Stanley Muller & Associates. The building is primarily used for leaseable office space.
 Twin Oaks is a historic home at Linthicum Heights Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story brick Greek Revival–influenced dwelling constructed in 1857 with additions and Neo-Classical embellishments made in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The final composition is an eclectic Georgian Revival–influenced dwelling. Twin Oaks was the home of U.S.
 Colebrook Manor is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1840. It consists of a 2 1/2-story double pile stuccoed stone central block with a two-story stone service wing with frame addition. It has a slate covered gable roof with arched dormers. It features a verandah with wrought iron columns. Also on the property are a contributing barn and kennels.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Parish Church Of Saint Mary The Virgin commonly referred to as St. Mary's by locals is the parish church for the town of Uttoxeter. The Present structure dates from 1877 however the spire dates from the 15th century and the church is Grade II* Listed. This is one of two Anglican churches within the parish the other is also St Mary's but is commonly called 'The Heath Church' to avoid confusion.
 The Cable Building is located at 611 Broadway at the northwest corner with Houston Street in NoHo Manhattan New York City. Since it spans a block the Cable Building also has addresses of 2-18 West Houston Street and 178-188 Mercer Street.
 The Poughkeepsie Savings Bank building is located at 21-23 Market Street in that city. It was the third home of that bank the first in the city chartered in 1831 by William Davies on that site. After 20 years on nearby Main Street the bank bought one of its current lots and built. In 1870 the adjacent lot was purchased and the building expanded yet again reopening anew two years later.
 Church of St. Thomas the Apostle is a closed Roman Catholic parish church in New York City that has been threatened with demolition and been the subject of a landmarks preservation debate. The church is located at 260-262 W. 118th St. southwest corner of St. Nicholas Avenue in Harlem Manhattan.The parish was established in 1889; staffed by the Salesians of Don Bosco from 1979 to 2003; and closed in 2003 because of a diminished congregation and structural problems.
 Knox Presbyterian Church is located at 4156 Sheppard Avenue East.It was formed by former members of the Historic Knox Presbyterian Church (now Knox United Church) after that Presbyterian congregation voted 136-106 in 1925 to join the United Church of Canada. The new congregation was initially assisted by the Minister and Elders of St.
 The Museu Nacional de Arte Antiga (Portuguese pronunciation: [muˈzew nɐsiuˈnaɫ dɨ ˈaɾtɐ̃ˈtiɡɐ]) is an art museum in Lisbon Portugal. The museum is also known as MNAA (in English National Museum of Ancient Art) and as the Museu das Janelas Verdes (Green Windows Museum) due to it being located at the Rua das Janelas Verdes (Green Windows Street). It is located in the Palácio de Alvor-Pombal a former palace of the Count of Alvor later purchased by the Marquis of Pombal.
 The Calamus Creek Bridge near Maxwell Iowa is a concrete Luten arch bridge that was built in 1905. It was built by N.M. Stark and Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Augustana Lutheran Church is an Evangelical Lutheran Church in America congregation located in Sioux City Iowa United States. The church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 as Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Augustana Church.
 The City Waterworks is a historic site in Sarasota Florida. It is located at 1005 North Orange Avenue. On April 23 1984 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The Waterworks building was purchased by MethodFactory Inc. a Microsoft Gold Partner in October 2007. The Waterworks building is now corporate headquarters for the software development firm.
 The JW Marriott Hotel Hong Kong is a hotel of JW Marriott Hotels. It is located in the Admiralty area of Hong Kong on the border of Wan Chai and Central on Hong Kong Island. The hotel opened in 1989 in the Pacific Place complex. It is the first Asian and flagship hotel of the Marriott Hotel Group. It was the first hotel in Hong Kong to have a five day workweek for its associates.
 The Cathedral Church of St Mary the Virgin (commonly called St Mary's Cathedral) is a cathedral of the Scottish Episcopal Church. It is located on the Great Western Road in the west end of Glasgow Scotland. The current building was opened on 9 November 1871 as St Mary's Episcopal Church and was completed in 1893 when the spire was completed. The architect was George Gilbert Scott. It was raised to cathedral status in 1908. The total height of the cathedral is 63 metres.
 Abram Huston House and Carriage House also known as the Coatesville City Hall and Police Station and Greystone is a historic building located at Coatesville Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed and built in 1889 by the noted architectural firm of Cope & Stewardson. The house is a 2 1/2-story building built of shaped coursed stone irregularly shaped in plan and has a two-story wing added in 1925.
 The Albert Smith House in or near Waldwick Bergen County New Jersey United States was built in 1750. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The property is listed in the National Register's database as being located in both Bergen County New Jersey and Allegany County New York which must be an error as Allegany County is far away bordering Pennsylvania not New Jersey.
 Stoothoff-Baxter-Kouwenhaven House is a historic home located in Flatlands Brooklyn New York New York. The original section was built in 1747 and the larger main portion dates to 1811. A kitchen wing was added in 1880. It is one and one half stories with steeply pitched gable roofs curved projecting eaves and end chimneys. The main entrance features a Dutch door.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Stephen T. Birdsall House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1884 and is a 2 1⁄2-story asymmetrical shingle-covered Queen Anne–style frame residence. It features a slate-covered roof. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Bruton Parish Church is located in the restored area of Colonial Williamsburg in Williamsburg Virginia USA. It was established in 1674 by the consolidation of two previous parishes in the Virginia Colony and remains an active Episcopal parish.
 The Amistad Gymnasium is a Spanish Revival-style structure in Amistad New Mexico. It was constructed in 1937 by the WPA and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Edward Serlin House was built in Pleasantville New York in 1949.This is the second of the Usonia Homes and its design includes a shed roof.
 Kersey Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 The Engine Shed is a music and entertainment venue in Lincoln Lincolnshire England and part of the University of Lincoln.
 Duke Street Church is a conservative evangelical Church in Duke Street Richmond south west London.The church was formally established in 1870 and the present church which was opened by Sir Cyril Black dates from 1962. It replaced a church built in 1881.
 The Dallas County Courthouse built in 1892 of red sandstone rusticated marble accents is an historic governmental building located at 100 South Houston Street in Dallas Texas. Also known as the Old Red Courthouse it is now the Old Red Museum a local history museum. It was designed in the Richardsonian Romanesque style of architecture by architect Max A. Orlopp Jr.of the Little Rock Arkansas based firm Orlopp & Kusener. In 1966 it was replaced by a newer courthouse building nearby.
 The Toussaint L'Overture County Cemetery is a cemetery in Franklin Tennessee that was incorporated in 1884 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. It has also been known as the Tous Sant L'Overture Cemetery as the Black Cemetery and as the Hard Bargain Cemetery.It began interments around 1869 and is the oldest African American institution in continuous use in Williamson County.
 Daybrook Baptist Church is on Mansfield Road in Daybrook near Arnold Nottingham.
 West Pearl Tower (Chinese: 四川广播电视塔) is a 339 m (1112 ft) high tower built of reinforced concrete located in Chengdu Sichuan Province China. West Pearl Tower started construction in 1992 but construction was halted later in the year due to budgeting problems. Construction restarted in 1998 and was completed in 2004.
 The Kirby Building historically known as the Busch Building is a 17-story skyscraper in the Main Street District of Downtown Dallas. The structure was completed in 1913 by beer magnate Adolphus Busch to accompany his nearby Hotel Adolphus. The building became vacant with many older buildings during the economic downturn of the 1980s.
 Schloss Seggau is a castle situated in the locality Seggauberg in southern Styria Austria. It is located on a wooded hill overlooking the town of Leibnitz.
 Old Main is an historic structure located on the Iowa Wesleyan College campus in Mount Pleasant Iowa United States. Built in 1854 when James Harlan was the college’s president it is the second building constructed on the campus after Pioneer Hall. It is believed that Old Main was the first genuine collegiate building built in Iowa. The International P.E.O. Sisterhood was founded in the building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The historic Sea and Land Church (known as Northeast Dutch Reformed Church until 1864) is located 61 Henry Street and Market Street in New York NY. It was built in 1819 of manhattan schist and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 9 1980. The structure is one of the three Georgian Gothic Revival churches on the Lower East Side with the other ones being St. Augustine's Chapel and the Church of the Transfiguration.
 Shusha Museum of History (Azerbaijani: Şuşa tarix muzeyi) is one of 8 museums located in Shusha Karabakh region of Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1969 and contained up to 5000 exhibits. The museum was shut down due to the Armenian occupation of Shusha on May 8 1992.
 Stewart's Restaurants are classic 1950s style fast-food restaurants located throughout the United States. Restaurants are branded as Stewart's Root Beer or Stewart's Drive-In or similar variations. Started in 1924 in Mansfield Ohio by Frank Stewart the chain became a franchise in 1931. Stewart's is famous for its Stewart's Fountain Classics root beer and hot dogs.
 The US Bank Center is a highrise in Phoenix Arizona. It is the second tallest building in the state of Arizona. Built in 1976 it is 407 feet (124 m) tall. When it was built it served as the headquarters for Arizona Bancwest parent company of The Arizona Bank which (after Arizona passed legislation allowing for interstate banking) was acquired by Los Angeles-based Security Pacific Bank in 1986 (itself in turn acquired by Bank of America in 1992).
 Building of Pedagogical Museum is a historical building located at 57 Volodymyr Street in Kyiv Ukraine and constructed in the times of Russian Empire in 1909-1911 by Pavlo Alyoshyn. It is located across from the building of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine at 54 Volodymyr Street.
 Gulf Coast Town Center is an outdoor shopping mall in Fort Myers Florida. Opened in phases between 2005 and 2007 the center features Bass Pro Shops Belk Best Buy Costco Dick's Sporting Goods J. C. Penney LA Fitness Marshalls Regal Entertainment Group Staples and Target Corporation as its anchor stores. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties
 The Calumet County Courthouse built in 1913 is an historic copper-domed county courthouse building located at 206 Court St in Chilton Wisconsin. Designed by B. Mehner in the Classical Revival style it was built of red sandstone.On October 19 1978 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cathedral of Christ the Light also called Oakland Cathedral is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oakland in Oakland California. It is the seat of the Bishop of Oakland.
 Caln Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house located at 901 Caln Meeting House Road near Coatesville in Caln Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1726 and is a one-story tan fieldstone structure. It was enlarged to its present size in 1801.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Services are still held weekly at the meeting house.
 Innsbruck Cathedral also known as the Cathedral of St. James (German: Dom zu St. Jakob) is an eighteenth-century Baroque cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck in the city of Innsbruck Austria dedicated to the apostle Saint James son of Zebedee. Based on designs by the architect Johann Jakob Herkomer the cathedral was built between 1717 and 1724 on the site of a twelfth-century Romanesque church.
 Maybank Tower is a 32 storey 175 m (574 ft) skyscraper and the current headquarters of Maybank in Singapore. The building was completed in 2001. When night falls only the logo and the first few levels of the building are lit. In mid-2008 two bright light stripes were added to the outer edges of the building from the ground to the roof.
 This article refers to the now-demolished Peter G. Van Winkle House. For the Van Winkle-Wix House see Julia-Ann Square Historic District.The Peter G. Van Winkle House was a historic home located in the Julia-Ann Square Historic District in Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built between about 1880 and 1899 and was a two-story duplex in the Queen Anne style. It featured a deck hipped roof with intersecting gables turrets and dormers.
 The Uganda Health Ministry commonly known as the Uganda Ministry of Health is a government department in Uganda. The ministry is headed by three cabinet members; one Minister of Health and two State Ministers of Health.
 South Health Campus (SHC) is a large hospital in Alberta Canada and is located in the city of Calgary. It is administered by Alberta Health Services.The South Health Campus has 2400 full-time equivalent staff approximately 180 physicians 269 inpatient beds 11 operating rooms and will service 200000 outpatient visits and perform 2500 births every year. The hospital contains just over 250 beds.
 The Arch of the Centuries is a triumphal arch at the Plaza Intramuros of the University of Santo Tomas (UST) in Manila in the Philippines that stands fifteen metres away from the university's Millenium Gate along España Boulevard. The present single structure puts together back-to-back the ruins of the original Intramuros arch which faces the Main Building and its replica fronting España Boulevard.
 The First Presbyterian Church located in Cottage Grove Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was designed by Italian-born architect Pietro Belluschi in what came to be known as Pacific Northwest architecture style during 1948-51 and was built in 1951.
 Chase Mills Inn is a historic inn and tavern building located at Chase Mills in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built about 1865 and is a two story wood sheathed structure with a principal three bay mass and a two story two bay wing. It features a low hipped roof and two porches.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Novotel Nha Trang is a hotel located in Nha Trang Khanh Hoa Province Vietnam.It is located in the heart of the city of Nha Trang a coastal resort. Nha Trang is about 450 kn north Ho Chi Minh City and 1200 km south of Hanoi. The hotel has 154 guestrooms including 2 suites and 16 floors with one basement and a car park.
 The Stuart Welcome Arch (also known as the 1926 Welcome Arch or Rio-Jensen Beach Arch) is an historic arch-shaped structure which straddles County Road 707 between 2369 and 2390 Northeast Dixie Highway in Jensen Beach Florida. It was built in 1926 to mark what was then the town line between the town of Jensen to the north and the town of Stuart to the south.
 The Sawyer Farmhouse is the residence of the family of the same name on Maple Avenue in the Town of Goshen New York USA at the edge of the Black Dirt Region. It was built in the mid-18th century and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Perez Smith House is a historic house at 46 Lincoln Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1851 and is one of the city's finest transitional Greek Revival/Italianate houses. It has a typical Italianate three-bay facade deep cornice with decorative brackets and round-arch windows in the gable.
 Broad River Correctional Institution (BRCI) is a South Carolina Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Columbia South Carolina. The State of South Carolina execution chamber is located in Broad River. The adjacent Kirkland Correctional Institution lies just to its south side.The prison opened in 1988. In January 1990 the death row inmates were moved from the Central Correctional Institution to Broad River. In 1990 executions began to occur in BRCI.
 Clifton a neighborhood east of downtown Louisville Kentucky USA. Clifton was named because of its hilly location on the Ohio River valley escarpment.Unlike other Louisville neighborhoods Clifton was developed over a period of 60 years with the first homes built in the 1860s sitting next to homes built in the 1910s although nearly all homes were built in Victorian styles. Its residential areas are also much less dense than other nearby areas like Butchertown or the Original Highlands.
 The Hutzler Brothers Palace Building is a historic flagship department store building located at Baltimore Maryland United States and built by Hutzler's. It was constructed in 1888 with a south bay added in 1924. The original limestone Romanesque eclectic façade is three bays wide and five stories in height. The ground floor façade was redesigned in 1931 in the Art Moderne style.
 Charles R. Atwood House is a historic house located at 30 Dean Street in Taunton Massachusetts. The Italianate style house was built in 1850 for Charles R. Atwood treasurer and agent for the Phoenix Manufacturing Co. The house remained in the Atwood family until the 1930s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Thomas Aspinwall Davis House is a historic house at 29 Linden Place in Brookline Massachusetts. It belonged to Thomas Aspinwall Davis a mayor of Boston. It was moved to its present location early in the 20th century.
 Boulevard Plaza is a complex contains Boulevard Plaza 1 and Boulevard Plaza 2 located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers were proposed for construction on 2005 with the commencement of construction in 2007 and ended in 2010.
 Meadow Marsh which has also been known as the Luther F. Tilden House and as the Luther W. Tilden House is a historic home in Winter Garden Florida United States that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It is located at 940 Tildenville School Road. The neighborhood it is located in is known as Tildenville an unincorporated village. The house is a Classical Revival style house that was a work of Frederick H. Trimble.
 The Stadium Theatre part of the Stadium Building and Theatre is an historic theater at 329 Main Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.Arthur I. Darman built the vaudeville theater in 1926. The venue was closed from the 1970s to 1991 but reopened in 2001. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Eden is a shopping and entertainment complex in High Wycombe Buckinghamshire in the south east of England.
 The Tashkent Television Tower (Uzbek: Toshkent Teleminorasi) is a 375 metres (1230 ft) high tower located in Tashkent Uzbekistan. Construction started in 1978 and it began operation 6 years later on 15 January 1985. It was the 3rd tallest tower in the world from 1985 to 1991. It is of a vertical cantilever structure and is constructed out of steel.
 Theological Building–A.M.E. Zion Theological Institute at Lomax-Hannon Junior College is a historic African Methodist Church school building on East Conecuh Street in Greenville Alabama. It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Old Market House currently being operated as the Galena Welcome Center is a brick building built in the Greek Revival style in 1845 in Galena Illinois. It is owned and operated by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency as an Illinois State Historic Site.
 Edelweiss Lodge and Resort is a U.S. Department of Defense owned recreation hotel in Garmisch-Partenkirchen Germany. Located in the Bavarian Alps near the Austrian border the facility opened in September 2004 at a cost of $80 million.Edelweiss Lodge and Resort was built to replace a series of older Armed Forces Recreation Center (AFRC) hotels (such as the now-demolished General Walker Hotel in Obersalzberg). The hotel and its facilities are open to U.S.
 The Mizpah Presbyterian Church of East Portland is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Medelhavsmuseet (Mediterranean Museum) is a museum in Stockholm focused around collections of mainly ancient objects from the Mediterranean area and the Near East. Its English name is The Museum of Mediterranean and Near Eastern Antiquities. The museum was formed in 1954 when the Egyptian Museum and the Cyprus Collection were combined.
 Graham Court is a historic Harlem apartment building.
 The Stag and Hounds Public House is on Old Market Street Old Market Bristol.It was built originally in 1483 probably as a private house.
 Church of Transfiguration of Savior in Bolvanovka (Russian: Храм Спаса Преображения на Болвановке) also abbreviated to Saviour in Bolvanovka (Спас на Болвановке) is an Orthodox church in Zamoskvorechye District of Moscow. The neighborhood Bolvanovka (Болвановка) derives its name from Russian bolvan (болван) which could mean either a billet or in obsolete sense a non-Orthodox cult image. There have different Bolvanovka neighborhoods in medieval Moscow a sign of wide Tatar presence (e.g.
 Cherry Hill Mall owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) was originally known as Cherry Hill Shopping Center commonly reported as the first indoor climate-controlled shopping center east of the Mississippi River in the United States and opened on October 11 1961.
 White Fence Farm is the name of a restaurant with locations in Romeoville Illinois and Lakewood Colorado.The original White Fence Farm location is in Romeoville where it has served travelers on historic US Route 66 since the 1920s. It is owned and operated by the Robert Hastert family. Manager Robert Hastert Jr. is cousin of former Speaker of the House J. Dennis Hastert.
 Sparta First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Groveland Station in Livingston County New York. The building is a simple but sophisticated combination of Arts and Crafts principals and freely styled Tudor Gothic detailing executed with modern building materials. It was constructed in 1915-1916 and is composed of a large principal gable block with a gabled wing.
 The Arendt Jensen House at 1431 Ezell St. in Gardnerville Nevada is a historic foursquare house--in this case termed a Denver Square form--that was built in 1910. It was a home of Danish immigrant Arendt Jensen a merchant who became prominent in Gardnersville.Also known as the Reid Mansion it includes Colonial Revival-style ornamentation.
 The Royal George Hotel is a hotel in Tintern located 5 miles (8.0 km) to the north of Chepstow Monmouthshire Wales. It is situated beside the A466 road across the road from the River Wye on the corner of an unclassified road to Devauden and Trellech.
 The Olympus Guard Station near Port Angeles Washington was built in 1930s. It was built by the U.S. Forest Service and was designed by architects of the U.S. Forest Service. It is located about nine miles backcountry within what is now the National Park Service-administered Olympic National Park.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It has also been known as OGS and as Olympus Guard Station Historic District.
 The Union Bank of California Tower is an 82 m (269 ft) 15-story office building completed in 1969 in downtown Portland Oregon. The tower was designed by the firm of Anshen and Allen of San Francisco in the International-style with a strong presence on Broadway. The most prominent feature of the Union Bank of California are its exposed service cores clad in light gray slate with a greenish tint.
 The Old Punch Bowl is a medieval timber-framed Wealden hall-house on the High Street in Crawley a town and borough in West Sussex England. Built in the early 15th century it was used as a farmhouse by about 1600 passing through various owners and sometimes being used for other purposes. Since 1929 it has been in commercial use—firstly as a tearoom then as a bank and since 1994 as a public house.
 The Albert Ridyard Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 5 Mount Pleasant Street in Worcester Massachusetts. When it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 it was recognized for its Colonial Revival styling which included decorative elements on its porch and roof line and decorative bands of wood shingles. Since then the porches have been removed and the house has been resided losing or covering over many of these details (see photo).
 Elysées Condominiums is a 529 ft (161m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was built from 1971 to 1972 and has 56 floors. Solomon Cordwell Buenz and Associates designed the building which is the 69th tallest in Chicago.
 Christiana Mall is a super-regional mid-range/upscale shopping mall near Newark Delaware United States. The mall is near an exit off Interstate 95 close to the center of the BosWash megalopolis. The mall's anchor stores are Nordstrom Macy's JCPenney Target and Cabela's. The mall contains more than 150 shops and is managed by General Growth Properties. It has 1200000 square feet of gross leasable area making it the largest shopping mall in Delaware.
 Pulver-Bird House is a historic home located at Stanford in Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1839 and has a two story center block with flanking one story wings in the Greek Revival style. It features a monumental tetrastyle portico supported by four Doric order columns. Also on the property is a frame ice house and frame barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Sciences Library nicknamed the SciLi at Brown University is a high-rise building in Providence Rhode Island built in 1971. At 180 feet (55 m) it is tied with One Citizens Plaza as the 13th-tallest building in the city.
 The Madison Hotel is a luxury boutique hotel in Downtown Memphis Tennessee United States that is housed in the historic former Tennessee Trust Bank building.
 360 State Street is a 91.4 m (300 ft) residential skyscraper completed in 2010 in New Haven Connecticut. It is the second-tallest building in the city and the largest apartment building in the state.
 Gannock Castle is located in the village of Tempsford in the county of Bedfordshire England. It is located 6 miles east of Great Barford Castle and 9 miles east of Bedford Castle.
 Willow Springs Center is a residential psychiatric hospital for children located in Reno Nevada.
 The Patriarchal Cathedral of St. Mary Major (Portuguese: Santa Maria Maior de Lisboa or Sé de Lisboa) or simply Lisbon Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Cathedral located in Lisbon Portugal. The oldest church in the city is the see of the Archdiocese of Lisbon. Since the beginning of the construction of the cathedral in the year 1147 the building has been modified several times and survived many earthquakes. It is nowadays a mix of different architectural styles.
 Sarang Community Church of Southern California is a Presbyterian Church in America (PCA) Korean-American church located in Anaheim California. Sarang has more than 8000 church attenders. Some statistics estimate about 11000 members. It is the largest Korean church outside of Korea (Republic of) as well as the largest Asian church outside Asia.
 The Croton Aqueduct Gate House is located in New York New York. The building was built in 1884 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 22 1983. After being decommissioned in 1984 the below-grade valve chambers were filled and the building sat empty for nearly two decades. Between 2004 and 2006 architects Ohlhausen DuBois oversaw an adaptive reuse project converting the gate house into theater space for Harlem Stage/Aaron Davis Hall.
 One Indiana Square is a 36-story building at 211 North Pennsylvania Street in downtown Indianapolis Indiana United States. It is used by various companies for offices. The building opened in 1970 as the headquarters of Indiana National Bank. The building now serves as the Indiana headquarters for Regions Financial Corporation.
 The Church of St. Michael and All Angels Averham is a parish church in the Church of England in Averham Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Sunset Park Patrol Cabin was built in 1922 to shelter park rangers and hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin at Golden Lakes is a log structure about 16 feet (4.9 m) by 18 feet (5.5 m) with a low porch (included in the dimensions) across the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and a wood floor. It was one of several such cabins built in 1922. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 The Tibesti Hotel is a hotel situated overlooking the harbour of the 23rd July Lake in the city centre of Benghazi Libya.
 The Wholesale District is one of six designated cultural districts in Indianapolis Indiana. Located on the southern fringe of Downtown Indianapolis the Wholesale District contains many of Indianapolis's premier attractions such as Lucas Oil Stadium and Bankers Life Fieldhouse.Prior to its designation as a cultural district the Wholesale District was one of Downtown Indianapolis's most decayed and blighted areas.
 Caffé Opera is a noted Italian restaurant in Antigua Guatemala Guatemala. It is located at 6a Av. Norte #17.The restaurant began as an expensive espresso bar but in recent years it has grown into a restaurant serving fine Italian cuisine. The restaurant is known for its pasta dishes traditional panini and tenderloin with arugula or rabbit in red wine sauce.The restaurant serves wine and espresso and cappuccino. It also has a cheese counter and an assortment of cookies.
 Fort Recovery was a United States Army fort begun in late 1793 and completed in March 1794 under orders by General Mad Anthony Wayne. It was located on the site of the present-day village of Fort Recovery Ohio United States on the Wabash River within two miles of the boundary with Indiana.Wayne purposely chose as the location for his new fort the spot where Arthur St.
 The Voorhies Castle is a Queen Anne style home found south of the Piatt County Illinois village of Bement. The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the only non-historic district on the Register in Piatt County. The only other two sites on the Register are historic districts in Monticello. Voorhies Castle not actually a castle is listed by the Register as being located in Bement though in reality the home is located in the tiny village of Voorhies.
 The Airview Historic District is a district of 12 houses built between 1896 and 1930 on each side of East Main Street in Middletown Maryland. The district was developed to take advantage of the Hagerstown and Frederick Railway which paralleled what was then known as the National Pike and is an example of a small-scale streetcar suburb. The subdivision was subdivided from the Kefauver farm and included a trolley stop in front of developer Lewis Kefauver's house.
 Sutton Scarsdale Hall is a Grade 1 listed Georgian ruined stately home in Sutton Scarsdale just outside Chesterfield Derbyshire.
 Wilshire Boulevard Temple known from 1862 to 1933 as Congregation B'nai B'rith is the oldest Jewish congregation in Los Angeles California. Wilshire Boulevard Temple's building its sanctuary topped by a large Byzantine revival dome and decorated with interior murals is a City of Los Angeles Historic Cultural Monument and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The house at 36 Forest Street sometimes called the Burton House in Hartford Connecticut United States is a wooden Shingle Style structure built in the late 19th century and largely intact today. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.Originally it was built on land that had been transferred to a local insurance company by developers of the surrounding affluent Nook Farm neighborhood.
 St Andrew's Church Shotley is a redundant Anglican church standing in an isolated position at a height of 960 feet (293 m) on Greymare Hill in Northumberland England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Rumburgh Priory was a Benedictine priory in located in the village of Rumburgh in the English county of Suffolk. The priory was founded in about 1065 as a cell of St Benet's Abbey at Hulme in Norfolk. At the time of the Domesday survey it had 12 monks. The ownership of the priory was transferred to St Mary's Abbey in York towards the end of the 12th century.
 6 King Street is an historic house situated on King Street in Bristol England.It dates from c. 1665 but the present early Georgian frontage dates from about 1720. It is thought that the original roof had gables like those seen on the neighbouring 7 and 8 which were cut back to form the hips seen today. The interior retains many eighteenth century features.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
 The Little Plain Historic District is located in Norwich Connecticut. The district consists of 45 buildings and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 12 1987.It includes Greek Revival Federal Italianate and Queen Anne architecture.Thirty-one of the 45 buildings were built in Greek Revival architecture.
 The Carson City Public Buildings on Carson St. in Carson City Nevada is a set of historic buildings dating back to 1920. There are three contributing buildings. The set was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The three are the Nevada State Supreme Court Building the Ormsby County Courthouse (of the former Ormsby County Nevada which was dissolved in 1969) and the Heroes Memorial Building designed by Nevada premier architect Frederick J. DeLongchamps.
 123 Albert Street also known as Rio Tinto Tower is a commercial office development in Brisbane Australia. The modern style office building is located in the Brisbane central business district at 123 Albert Street. The building was completed in July 2011 and opened in October 2011.The Premium grade office tower was designed by Hassell and is owned by Dexus Property Group.
 The Hall-Crull Octagonal House built in 1855 is an historic octagon house located in Rush County Indiana. Also known as the Walter Crull Farm it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 10 1984
 Bielsko Synagogue was a synagogue in Bielsko Poland. It was built in 1879-1881 designed by Karol Korn. The synagogue was completely destroyed by Nazis on 13 September 1939. 16x Media related to Synagogue in Bielsko-Biała (3 Maja Street) at Wikimedia Commons
 Northport Post Office the U.S. post office in Northport New York is located at 244 Main Street in Northport New York. It serves the ZIP code 11768 which also includes Asharoken Eaton's Neck Vernon Valley Middleville and Fort Salonga.Northport Post Office was designed by Louis A. Simon in conjunction with the United States Treasury Department. Simon also designed the Post Office buildings in Bay Shore Riverhead and Westhampton Beach.
 The State Tretyakov Gallery (Russian: Государственная Третьяковская Галерея Gosudarstvennaya Tretyâkovskaya Galereya; abbreviated ГТГ GTG) is an art gallery in Moscow Russia the foremost depository of Russian fine art in the world.The gallery's history starts in 1856 when the Moscow merchant Pavel Mikhailovich Tretyakov acquired works by Russian artists of his day with the aim of creating a collection which might later grow into a museum of national art.
 The Espada Acequia or Piedras Creek Aqueduct was built by Franciscan friars in 1731 in what is now San Antonio Texas United States. It was built to supply irrigation water to the lands near Mission San Francisco de la Espada today part of San Antonio Missions National Historical Park. The acequia is still in use today and is an Historic Civil Engineering Landmark and a National Historic Landmark.
 St. Mary's Church is a historic turn-of-the-20th century Catholic church located in the unincorporated community of Adair 12 miles northeast of Kirksville Adair County Missouri on Missouri Route 11. An example of Romanesque Revival architecture it is one of the few wood-frame structures in that style still remaining in the United States. St. Mary's was constructed in 1904 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is now owned and managed by Friends of St.
 Manasses Guth Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at South Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It is a 108-foot-long (33 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1858 and rebuilt in 1882. It has vertical siding. It crosses Jordan Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Immaculate Heart of Mary Church is a historic church in North Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1932 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Auburn Button Works and Logan Silk Mills is a historic factory complex located at Auburn in Cayuga County New York. It is a vernacular Italianate style industrial building built in 1879-1880 to house the Auburn Button Works and Logan Silk Mills. The complex has three parts: a three story rectangular main block; a two story rectangular west wing; and three story rectangular east wing.
 River Bluff is a historic home located near Wintergreen Nelson County Virginia. It is sited on a steep bank overlooking the South Fork of the Rockfish River. It is a three-part Flemish bond brick house consisting of a two story central pavilion with one-story flanking wings. The main block was constructed about 1785 and the house achieved its final form by about 1805.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Henry Schick Barn located southeast of Buhl Idaho was built in 1914 by Henry Schick a German-Russian immigrant to the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The barn features walls and milking stalls that were cast in place in concrete and custom-made metal onion domes.
 Christ Church is a historic church in Mount Pleasant South Carolina.It was built in 1726 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 St Agnes Church Moseley is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Moseley.
 Elvran Chapel (Norwegian: Elvran kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Elvran. The church is part of the Lånke parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church was built in 1893 to seat about 140 people.
 The Station Mall in Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada is the second largest shopping mall in Northern Ontario trailing just behind the New Sudbury Centre in Greater Sudbury. With 86 stores and 555000 square feet (51600 m2) of retail space on one level [1]. Built in 1973 the mall has since undergone two major expansions. Its major tenants include Sears Walmart and the 52000 square feet (4800 m2) Galaxy Cinemas movie theatre complex.
 Union Baptist Church is a historic church at 1913 and 1921 Main Street in Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Reformation Lutheran Church is a church in Columbia South Carolina and part of the South Carolina Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
 Hotel Ibis Alger Aeroport is a hotel in Algiers Algeria operated by Accor. The hotel contains 264 rooms (according to official site not 261 as stated in most sources) and was established in February 2009.
 The Aitkin County Courthouse and Jail in Aitkin Minnesota United States serves as the county seat of Aitkin County. The building is actually the second courthouse for the county. The first courthouse was built in 1888 but in 1920 a grand jury reported that the building was dangerous and falling apart. After difficulties securing financing the county commissioners approved a plan for a new courthouse which was finished in 1929.
 Stone Street Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church in Mobile Alabama. The congregation was established well before the American Civil War with Stone Street Baptist recognized today as one of Alabama's most influential African-American Baptist churches. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 8 1985.
 The Price-Miller House is a historic home located in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick Neoclassical architecture style townhouse that rests on a high cut stone foundation and was built about 1820.The Price-Miller House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Reynolds-Alberta Museum in Wetaskiwin Alberta Canada is one of 18 provincially owned and operated historic sites and museums. It traces the mechanisation of Alberta's transportation aviation agricultural and industrial past from the 1890s to present as cars and trucks replaced horse-drawn buggies and wagons huge factories replaced the village blacksmith shop and animal and human-powered farm implements were replaced by mechanized equipment.
 The Renoir Towers (Renoir Residencias de Altura) are two residential towers currently under development in the Puerto Madero neighborhood of Buenos Aires Argentina. The Renoir One tower is 136 m (446 ft) tall and has 41 floors and upon completion the Renoir Two tower will be 175 m (574 ft) tall and have 51 floors.
 The Old Indiana County Courthouse is a former courthouse located in Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1869 and 1870 and designed by local architect James W. Drum. It was the second courthouse to serve the county with the first demolished in 1868. The final cost of the project was $150000. A dedication ceremony took place on December 19 1807. Former Governor of Pennsylvania William F.
 Pusat Sains Negara or National Science Centre is a science centre in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. Perched atop a hill on 8 hectares of landscaped grounds at Bukit Kiara on the northwestern fringes of the city the centre was officially opened on 29 November 1996 by former Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir bin Mohamad. The main aim of the science centre is to promote greater understanding and interest in science and technology. The building resembles a truncated cone capped with a geodesic dome.
 The Musée d'art contemporain de Lyon is a museum devoted to the contemporary art located in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon in the Cité Internationale next the cinema in front of the Parc de la Tête d'Or. It had over 42000 visitors in 2007.
 The Clark House in Malvern Arkansas was built in 1916 in Bungalow/Craftsman style. It was designed by architect Charles L. Thompson. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Fort Southerland in Arkansas was the site of a Civil War engagement part of the Camden Expedition. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 and with other sites is part of the Camden Expedition Sites National Historic Landmark. It was declared part of the National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 Fort Davidson was the site of the Battle of Fort Davidson during the American Civil War. The site is listed as Fort Davidson on the National Register of Historic Places and is protected also as Ft. Davidson State Historic Site.Today the battle area is operated by the Missouri State Parks system as Fort Davidson State Historic Site. The earthworks of the fort are still generally intact surrounding the huge hole that was caused by the powder explosion.
 The Sagamore is a Victorian-era resort hotel located on Lake George in Bolton Landing New York. It occupies a private island (Green Island) on Lake George. Since 1983 it has been listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The Sagamore is a member of Historic Hotel of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Orland Square Mall is an enclosed shopping center in Orland Park Illinois. It is the most upscale mall in the Chicago Southland area and largest mall in the southwest suburbs of Chicago covering an area of over 1.2 million ft². The mall has been a hub for commercial activity and development driving dramatic growth in the surrounding area for the past 20 years.
 The Jacob Regez Sr. House is located in Monroe Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Museum of Siam (Thai: พิพิธภัณฑ์สยาม) is a museum that is located at Chanamchai road in Bangkok Thailand. The museum Siam uses interactive storytelling with seven characters as intermediates. It focuses on the national identity of the people in Thailand which lets visitors learn about history of people in Thailand with a focus on people in Bangkok. The museum shows the development of Thailand from the past to present
 St. Peter's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at Broad and Mullberry Streets in Lancaster Ohio.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Elizaville Presbyterian Church is a historic church on KY 32 in Elizaville Kentucky.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Eitel Hospital is a former hospital building in Minneapolis Minnesota located across from Loring Park. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is a fairly plain brick building made even more so when its original cornice was removed. The hospital was founded by Dr. George Eitel in 1912 and served wealthy citizens of Minneapolis. It featured sun porches with Navajo rugs and private rooms with brass beds and mahogany furniture.
 The Sunsphere in Knoxville Tennessee is an 81.07 m (266 ft) high hexagonal steel truss structure topped with a 23 m (75 ft) gold-colored glass sphere that served as the symbol of the 1982 World's Fair.
 Holy Rosary Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in the Little Italy neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio. It is the center of the annual Feast of the Assumption festival.It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The parish began as a nationality parish and would only include persons of Italian descent as parishioners.
 For the constituency see Westminster St George's (UK Parliament constituency).Grosvenor Chapel is an Anglican church in what is now the City of Westminster England built in 1730s it inspired many churches in New England. It is situated on South Audley Street in Mayfair.
 The Château de Ruthie is a castle in the commune of Aussurucq in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département of France.Construction took place at various times in the 11th 15th 17th and 18th centuries. It was listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture on 30 April 1925 giving protection to its internal decoration. It is the property of the commune.
 Frenchman's Tower is a two-story red brick structure located in Santa Clara County California that resembles a medieval fortification. Built in 1875 the structure was listed as a California historical landmark in 1969.The structure was built under the direction of land owner Paulin Caperon a native of France who had assumed the name Peter Coutts when he moved to Mayfield California in 1875.
 State Theatre of Ithaca Inc. is a historic 1600-seat theatre located at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York that hosts various events from bands to plays to comedy acts to silent films and more.
 The Courthouse Square Historic District in Centerville Iowa was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 through the efforts of the Centerville Historic Preservation Commission. The district consists of an area centered on the town square and bounded by Van Buren Street Haynes Avenue Maple Street and 10th Street. The Appanoose County Courthouse is located in the center of the Courthouse Square District.
 The Wisconsin Wagon Company Factory is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Andaz West Hollywood is a 239-room Hyatt hotel located at 8401 Sunset Boulevard West Hollywood California (at Kings Road).The hotel opened in 1963 as the Gene Autry Hotel. Sold in 1966 it was renamed the Continental Hyatt House. In 1976 it became the Hyatt on Sunset until February 1997 when the hotel was renamed the Hyatt West Hollywood.
 The McDonald Ranch House was the location of assembly for the first tested nuclear weapon. The test occurred on July 16 1945; a plutonium bomb was tested the type of weapon later dropped on Nagasaki Japan. The weapon used against Hiroshima was a uranium bomb a type not tested prior to its use in World War II because it had a simpler design.The gadget was assembled there the components having arrived on July 12.
 Former Reformed Mennonite Church is a historic Reformed Mennonite church located at Amherst New York in Erie County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure constructed in 1834. It served as a house of worship until 1981. It is now occupied by the Evans Savings Bank after a discordant addition and electric signs were allowed by the Town of Amherst.
 St. Joseph's Carmelite Church on Berkeley Road Dublin Ireland is the Roman Catholic church of the Berkeley Road Parish. The church is dedicated to Saint Joseph and is in full use today in the care of the Discalced Carmelites.
 The Royal Castle in Poznań (Polish: Zamek Królewski w Poznaniu) dates from 1249 and the reign of Przemysł I. Located in the Polish city of Poznań it was largely destroyed during the Second World War but has since been partly rebuilt.
 Kings Mountain National Military Park is a National Military Park near Blacksburg South Carolina along the North Carolina/South Carolina border. The park commemorates the Battle of Kings Mountain a pivotal and significant victory by American Patriots over American Loyalists during the Southern Campaign of the Revolutionary War. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Simmons Stone House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built between 1847 and 1849 and is a two story massive cruciform plan stone house constructed of random ashlar blocks. It has an intersecting low pitched gable roof with broad overhanging cornice in the Italianate style.
 The Russian Ilizarov Scientific Center for Restorative Traumatology and Orthopaedics or RISC RTO (Russian: Российский научный центр «Восстановительная травматология и ортопедия» имени академика Г. А. Илизарова) is a medical institution located in the city of Kurgan Kurgan Oblast Russia; and financed by the Russian Federal State.
 Sant'Andrea in Via Flaminia (English: Saint Andrew on Via Flaminia) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to St Andrew the Apostle in Rome Italy. The edifice is also known as Sant'Andrea del Vignola after its architect Giacomo Barozzi da Vignola.It was commissioned by Pope Julius III to commemorate his escape from prison during the Sack of Rome 1527.
 The Christina Nelson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 45 Butler Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1916 and is a well-preserved local example of Colonial Revival styling. Its three stories of porches are supported by Tuscan columns and flanked by a rounded bay. The main facade is topped by a fully pedimented gable end.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Groesbeck House is an Italianate style house located at 1304 West Washington Boulevard in Chicago Illinois United States. The house was built in 1869 by Otis L. Wheelock for Abraham Groesbeck. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on January 12 1993.
 Campton Town Hall a historic building in Campton Hills Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The E. M. Phillips House is a historic house at 35 Dresser Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The two story L-shaped house was built in 1871 for E. M. Phillips a local insurance agent. Its styling is Italianate: its main body is three window bays wide there are brackets in the eaves and gable pitch and the gables have small round-arch windows. After Phillips the house was briefly occupied by Herbert E. Wells son of Hiram C.
 1111 19th Street is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. The building rises 12 floors and 157 feet (48 m) in height. The building was designed by architectural firm Heery International and was completed in 1979. As of July 2008 the structure stands as the 24th-tallest building in the city tied in rank with 1620 L Street 1333 H Street 1000 Connecticut Avenue The Republic Building 1010 Mass the Army and Navy Club Building and the The Watergate Hotel and Office Building.
 Carson College for Orphan Girls also known as Carson Valley School is a historic school complex and national historic district located in Flourtown Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The district encompasses nine contributing buildings. They are an assemblage of low-scale Tudor Revival style structures built between 1917 and 1932.
 Stirling is a historic mansion located at Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1890 and 1892 and is a three-story 24-room Châteauesque style dwelling. It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Theophilus Parsons Chandler Jr. (1845-1928) and built for industrialist James Hervey Sternbergh.
 The Judge Robert Lynn Batts House is a historic home in central Austin Texas. It was built in 1924–1925 for Judge Robert Lynn Batts and his family. Over the course of several decades Judge Batts served in the Texas House of Representatives as assistant attorney general of Texas and as a law professor at the University of Texas at Austin.The 2 1⁄2-story home was built at the top of the hill overlooking Shoal Creek to the east.
 Lulworth Abbey was an abbey in Dorset England. It was inhabited by Trappist monks.
 Magna Curia (Latin for The Great Court) or The Bethlen Castle is a palace located in Deva Romania.
 Coventry Mall is a shopping mall in North Coventry Township Pennsylvania (although its mailing address is Pottstown PA). It is located at the interchange of Route 100 and Route 724.The mall was built in 1967. In 2004 Stoltz Real Estate Partners acquired the mall from The Goodman Co.. Mall owner Coventry Retail LP failed to make payments for the property and Jones Lang LaSalle became the receiver of the mall in March 2013. On September 19 2013 the mall was sold at auction to U.S.
 Cofimvaba Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Cofimvaba Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 San Saba is an ancient basilica church in Rome Italy. It lies on the so-called Piccolo Aventino which is an area close to the ancient Aurelian Walls next to the Aventine Hill and Caelian Hill.The current Cardinal Deacon of the Titulus S. Sabae is Jorge Medina Estévez. The titulus was established in 1959.
 The Edmund Reardon House is an historic house at 195 Erie Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. THe 2.5 story Queen Anne house was built in 1884 for Edmund Reardon whose family operated a nearby soap factory. The house has elaborately decorated porches and half-timbering in various gable ends.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Flanders Hotel is located in Ocean City Cape May County New Jersey United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 20 2009. The Flanders Hotel is named after Flanders Fields in Belgium.
 Asilo de Ancianos de Mayagüez also known as Asilo De Pobres or Asilo Municipal was originally built in the Classical Revival style as a shelter for the poor. For some time Salvador Agrón the inspiration for the Broadway musical The Capeman lived in the building with his mother. In 1962 it became Asylum for the elderly. The idea for the Asylum for the poor began with a campaign to build it by Salvador Suau y Mulet when he was Mayor of Mayagüez.
 St Nicholas is the Anglican parish church of Blakeney Norfolk in the deanery of Holt and the Diocese of Norwich. The church was founded in the 13th century but the greater part of the church dates from the 15th century when Blakeney was a seaport of some importance. Of the original structure only the chancel has survived rebuilding perhaps owing to its link to a nearby Carmelite friary.
 Hudavend Hatun Türbe or Huvand Hatun Türbe is a 14th-century Seljuk Kümbet in Nigde Turkey.
 The Yayasan Sabah Tower (officially known as Menara Tun Mustapha) is located in Kota Kinabalu Malaysia. It was built in 1977 and it is the second tallest building in the island of Borneo[citation needed] after Wisma Sanyan in Sibu and followed by the Ministry of Finance Building Brunei in Bandar Seri Begawan Brunei Darussalam. This 30-storey circular glass sculpture is 122 metres high and is located in Kota Kinabalu Sabah.
 Copenhagen Central Fire Station (Danish: Københavns Hovedbrandstation) is the headquarters of Copenhagen Fire Department and located on H.C. Andersens Boulevard just behind Copenhagen City Hall and opposite Tivoli Gardens. It was designed by Ludvig Fenger and inaugurated in 1892.
 The Eurotheum is a 31-storey 110 m (360 ft) skyscraper in the city center of Frankfurt Germany. The building was constructed in 1999 to coincide with the adjacent Main Tower and is one of a few such in Frankfurt that offers office and residential space. Each floor of the tower has 17000 m2 (180000 sq ft) of office space which is occupied mostly by the European Central Bank as an extension of their headquarters at Willy-Brandt-Platz.The 22nd floor has a public bar lounge.
 Hotel Warwick is a historic hotel building located at Newport News Virginia. It was built in 1928 and is a seven-story brick building in an eclectic Gothic Revival / Art Deco style. It features terra cotta tile ornamentation and a continuous terra cotta and brick false parapet. A two-story addition was added to the rear of the building in 1962. It was the first skyscraper first tower hotel and first fireproof hotel in Newport News.
 The BMU Bridge over Wind River is a Parker through truss bridge located near Ethete Wyoming that carries Wyoming Highway 132 across the Wind River. The bridge was built circa 1935 as one of seven Parker truss bridges commissioned by the Wyoming Highway Department. It was moved to its current location in 1953–54.
 The Mosque Emir Abdelkader (Arabic: مسجد الأمير عبد القادر‎ Jemaa EL-Emir Abdelkader) was built in Constantine Algeria in 1994.
 The former Illinois State Police Office in Pontiac Illinois United States served as the Illinois State Police District 6 headquarters from its construction in 1941 until 2003. The building located along old U.S. Route 66 was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Peter Harvey House and Barn is a historic home and barn located in Pennsbury Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original house was built between 1773 and 1777 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay by two bay stone dwelling with a gable roof. It has two interior gable end chimneys and a front porch added in the early 20th century. The house was expanded in 1940 with a two bay extension added to the house making it five bays wide.
 City of Faith Church is a multi-cultural church in South London situated in the London Borough of Lewisham which has faced local opposition. The congregation is a church in fellowship with the Assemblies of God in Great Britain a worldwide Pentecostal denomination. The church is part of a network of local and international branches.
 Conley’s Ford Covered Bridge was built in 1906 and crosses Big Raccoon Creek on County Road 550 East close to County Road 720 South in Parke County IN. The bridge is a single span Burr Arch Truss structure measuring 212 feet (65 m) in length including the 10-foot (3.0 m) overhang at each end and is 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 13 feet (4.0 m) high. The Conley's Ford Covered Bridge was built by J. P. Van Fossen. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Saudi Aramco Medical Services Organization is the complex of company-operated and privately contracted hospitals that serve Saudi Aramco employees and their dependents numbering about 500000 total. In all Saudi Aramco communities basic health care is provided through clinics which function much as Health Maintenance Organizations do in the United States.A rotating staff of general practitioners performs examinations and prescribes care on an outpatient basis.
 Washington Gardens is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984. The Italianate style building was built in 1885 to house a restaurant. It currently houses a tavern.
 The Perris Depot is a railroad depot built in 1892 to serve Perris California. The station replaced a previous wooden structure at the same site on the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway line originally the California Southern Railroad.
 Jay Cooke House (also known as Cooke Castle) was the summer home of Jay Cooke a financial magnate involved in financing the Union during the American Civil War and whose failure caused the Panic of 1873. The house is located at Put-in-Bay Ohio on Gibraltar Island Ohio.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 The New York School of Applied Design building in New York City was built in 1908 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 16 1982.
 Breidenbacher Hof is a 5-Star Capella Hotel in Düsseldorf Germany located on the Königsallee in the Carlstadt. This nine story hotel was redeveloped by Pearl of Kuwait Real Estate Company which commissioned Capella Hotels and Resorts to operate the hotel and service its residential apartments. Capella’s founder and CEO is German native Horst H. Schulze former President of the Ritz-Carlton Group.
 The Original Melbourne Village Hall is a historic building currently located on Hall Road in Melbourne Village Florida United States. This building was built circa 1941 during World War II to serve as a military barracks at the Naval Air Station Banana River. After World War II the U.S.
 Casa Serrallés (Spanish for Serrallés Residence) is a historic building in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. It was built in 1911 by Alfredo Wiechers Pieretti for Don Juan Eugenio Serrallés Pérez son of businessman Juan Serrallés Colón founder of Destilería Serrallés and himself the CEO of the company that founded Ron Don Q. The building is currently home to the Museo de la Música Puertorriqueña.
 The Middlebush Village Historic District is a historic district in Franklin Township Somerset County New Jersey that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. In 2007 it included 37 contributing buildings and three contributing sites.According to a Somerset County report:The Middlebush Village Historic District is a small residential hamlet located along South Middlebush Road. There are 34 historic buildings in the district dating from 1791 to the 1920s.
 West Quoddy Lifesaving Station is located in Lubec Maine. The lifesaving station was built in 1919 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 1990. It now houses a bed and breakfast inn.
 St. Thomas' Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church edifice built by the Hudson's Bay Company in Moose Factory Ontario Canada.
 Cecil's Mill Historic District is a national historic district in Great Mills St. Mary's County Maryland. It consists of four buildings: Cecil's Mill Cecil Store the Cecil Home and Old Holy Face Church. Cecil's Mill is a 2 1⁄2-story wood-framed structure that was used until 1959. Across from the mill is the store house and Holy Face Church. The store was constructed in the 1920s and is a good example of a rural store. The Cecil Home was constructed in the late 19th century.
 Rørvik Church (Norwegian: Rørvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Rørvik on the island of Inner-Vikna. The church is part of the Vikna parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church building was constructed in 1896 and it seats about 200 people.
 Winters House is a historic house in Sacramento California. It is a Victorian era Stick/Eastlake Queen Anne style wooden residence built in 1890.The historic Winters House is situated at the edge of the 300-acre Mercer Slough Nature Park and is easily accessible while bordering a quiet natural setting.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Matthew Hair Farm also known as the Calvin Shaulis Farm and Fruit Crest is a historic farm and national historic district located at Jenner Township in Somerset County Pennsylvania. The district includes three contributing buildings and three contributing structures. The buildings are a Georgian-inspired vernacular brick house (1817) Germanic-influenced bank barn (c. 1870) and a kitchen / spring house (c. 1850).
 Colvin-Fant-Durham Farm Complex also known as the Nicholas Colvin House and Durham House is a historic home and farm complex and national historic district located near Chester Chester County South Carolina. The district encompasses six contributing buildings. The house was built about 1835 and is a vernacular farmhouse with transitional Federal and early Greek Revival detailing.
 Chatham Village is a community within the larger Mount Washington neighborhood of the City of Pittsburgh and an internationally acclaimed model of community design. Chatham Village Historic District is a historic district in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA. It is roughly bounded by Virginia Ave. Bigham St. Woodruff St. Saw Mill Run Blvd. and Olympia Rd. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2005.
 Westhafen Tower is a 109.9 m (361 ft) 30-storey skyscraper in the Gutleutviertel district of Frankfurt Germany. The building was designed by the architects Schneider & Schumacher and was completed in 2004. The tower whose name literally means West Port Tower is one of the first buildings at the former West Port.
 Turner House in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was designed by Charles L. Thompson.
 The Masonic Hall in Augusta Maine is a building from 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Centennial Hills Hospital for-profit hospital is owned and operated by Universal Health Services. This 171 bed 354000 sq ft (32900 m2) hospital is located in Las Vegas Nevada. The hospital campus is planned to include two medical office buildings.
 This article is about a museum in Washington D.C. For other uses see NMWA (disambiguation).The National Museum of Women in the Arts (NMWA) is a gender specific museum located in Washington D.C. is the only museum solely dedicated to celebrating women’s achievements in the visual performing and literary arts. NMWA was incorporated in 1981 by Wallace and Wilhelmina Holladay.
 The C. J. Starr Barn and Carriage House is located in Stamford Connecticut. The building was built in 1889 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 14 1979.
 Public School No. 111 also known as Francis Ellen Harper School is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Romanesque brick structure that features an ornately detailed brick front façade. It was built in 1889 as Colored School #9 and is one of the few surviving schools built for black children and staffed by black teachers. The school is named after Francis Ellen Harper (1825-1911) a Baltimore-born African American poet.Public School No.
 The Hudson House is a historic First Period house in Oxford Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house has a section that was probably built c. 1713 by William Hudson one of the first English settlers of Oxford. The house was probably extended from three bays to five later in the 18th century. It remained in Hudson family hands until about 1960.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Greenville Public Library is located in the Bond County Illinois city of Greenville. The Greenville Public Library was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The American Museum of Nursing is part of Arizona State University College of Nursing. It is located in Tempe Arizona U.S.It has exhibits of uniforms posters medical care items photographs and other nursing memorabilia a research library rare document room and an archive. The collection contains first editions of many important nursing texts.
 The Namazgjahu Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia e Namazgjahut) also called Big Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia e Madhe) is one of the six mosques in Ulcinj the biggest one. It was built by Suleiman Mujali from Ulcinj in 1728. The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language. The facade of the mosque is being restored since 2011.
 Kintbury Abbey was a supposed Anglo-Saxon monastery at Kintbury in the English county of Berkshire. It was planned to refound it in 1147 but this never came to fruition.The only reference to this place is in the will of a thegn named Wulfgar made in AD 931. In this he gave the village of Inkpen to “the servants of God at Kentbury and the Holy Place there”.
 Colross (also historically known as Belle Air and Grasshopper Hall) is a Georgian mansion that was formerly the center of an estate in Old Town Alexandria Virginia. Colross is currently the administration building for Princeton Day School in Princeton New Jersey.The Colross property originally occupied the entire 1100 block of Oronoco Street. The property was originally developed as a plantation by Alexandria merchant John Potts who began construction of the mansion in 1799-1800.
 The Sky Gardens is a 45-floor tower in the Dubai International Financial Centre in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 160 m (525 ft). Construction of the Sky Gardens was completed in 2008.
 Macalester College Eco-House is one of the many specialty housing options available to students at Macalester College after their first year. The Eco-House is the project of Chris Wells Assistant Professor of Environmental Studies and began in Fall 2007 with the move-in of four student residents. In the summer of 2007 prior to its opening the Eco-House underwent significant green renovations in order to make the 1950s-era house livable and to decrease its environmental footprint.
 Jarvis Hall is a former Nonconformist chapel in the village of Steyning in the Horsham district of the English county of West Sussex. Since its construction in 1835 the Classical-style building has been used by four different Nonconformist Christian denominations: the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion Wesleyan Methodists the Salvation Army and Plymouth Brethren. The Brethren occupied it last and for the longest time.
 The Frank C. Barnes House also known as the Barnes Mansion is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Author Beverly Cleary called the house haunted in her Ramona Quimby series.Its design is tentatively ascribed to Portland architect David L. Williams.
 The Capital One Tower is a skyscraper located in Lake Charles Louisiana and is the second-tallest building in the city. The building was designed by Lloyd Jones Brewer Associates of Houston and constructed by Miner-Dederick of Houston and F. Miller and Sons of Lake Charles. Construction began in March 1981 with groundbreaking in January 1982. The building was opened in 1983 and stands 22 stories and 310' tall with 400000 square feet (37000 m2) of space.
 St. Mary's Church (Polish: Bazylika Mariacka German: St. Marienkirche) or properly Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Polish: Bazylika Mariacka Wniebowzięcia Najświętszej Maryi Panny w Gdańsku) is a Roman Catholic church in Gdańsk Poland and is currently the largest brick church in the world. Its construction began in 1379.St. Mary's is one of the largest European Brick Gothic buildings which include castles. Between 1536 and 1572 St.
 The Mianus River Railroad Bridge also known as the Cos Cob Bridge is a bascule bridge built in 1904 over the Mianus River in Greenwich Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St Mary's Church Car Colston is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Car Colston.
 St Nicholas' Chapel Cholmondeley is a private chapel in the grounds of Cholmondeley Castle Cheshire England the ancient seat of the Marquess of Cholmondeley hereditary Lord Great Chamberlain of England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Rankin Octagonal Barn is a historic octagonal barn located near Silverton Jackson County West Virginia. It was built about 1895 and is an eight-sided frame structure covered with vertical wide board siding. Each side of the octagon measures 24 feet in length. It features a central cupola to provide light and ventilation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Appomattox Court House National Historical Park ruins are part of the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15 1966.
 Berwick Parish Church is an Anglican church in Berwick-upon-Tweed Northumberland. Set in the heart of Berwick town centre it was built around the time of Oliver Cromwell and therefore has no steeple.
 The Lebanese Heritage Museum is a museum in Jounieh Lebanon. It contains objects related to the history and culture of Lebanon from the Phoenician era to modern times.
 300 North Meridian is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1989 and is currently the fifth-tallest building in the city. It is primarily used for office space.
 The former Fourth Church of Christ Scientist located at 3101 West 31st Avenue in Denver Colorado is a historic structure that on April 21 2004 was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the Zen Center of Denver.
 The Chautauqua Auditorium located at the Colorado Chautauqua in Boulder Colorado was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 21 1978. The wooden building was constructed for the first season of the Colorado Chautauqua in 1898 and through the years has been a venue for many lectures musical performances and motion pictures both primitive and modern.
 The Gardiner Museum is the only museum in Canada devoted exclusively to ceramic art. It is located on Queen’s Park just south of Bloor Street in Toronto opposite the Royal Ontario Museum. The nearest subway station is Museum.
 Alasa Farms also known as the Sodus Bay Shaker Tract and Sodus Bay Phalanx is a historic farm complex located near Alton in Wayne County New York. The farm complex was originally built and occupied by the Sodus Bay Shakers an official branch of the United Society of Believers in Christ's Second Appearing starting in 1833 to 1844.
 The St. Stanislaus Church Historic District is a 11.2-acre (4.5 ha) Polish American historic district in Warsaw North Dakota United States that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The St. Stanislaus Church was designed by John W. Ross and was dedicated in 1901.As of 1979 the historic district included three contributing buildings: the St. Stanislaus Church a rectory and St. Anthony Academy and one contributing site a cemetery.
 Raadi Manor (German: Raadi Ratshof) was in the area known as Raadi-Kruusamäe on the outskirts of Tartu in Estonia. The manor and Raadi Manor Park were the home to the Liphart noble family who were significant art collectors. The family moved away and the buildings housed the Estonian National Museum until the manor was destroyed during the Second World War. Part of the grounds became Raadi Airfield which was used as a secret Soviet bomber base for fifty years.
 Kings Mall is a shopping centre in Hammersmith in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham. The development is situated off King Street and was designed in the 1960s.
 Culpeper National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the town of Culpeper in Culpeper County Virginia. It encompasses 29.6 acres (120000 m2) of land and as of the end of 2005 had 9880 interments.
 Umlamli Hospital Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Sterkspruit Eastern Cape in South Africa. It is situated near the Lesotho and Free State borders with 43 usable beds. It forms a cluster with Empilisweni Lady Grey and Cloete Joubert Hospitals. The hospital handles mostly chronic cases like TB and HIV/AIDS.
 The Eastern Cemetery is an historic cemetery at the intersection of Washington Avenue and Congress Street in the East Bayside neighborhood of Portland Maine. Located at the base of Munjoy Hill the Eastern Cemetery is the oldest major cemetery in Portland. Established in 1668 it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Mary Green's head and foot stone mark the oldest known burial of May 23 1717. The cemetery was active until the 1860s.
 The Utah State University Museum of Anthropology is a small museum located in the Old Main building on Utah State University's main campus in Logan Utah United States.
 Redlands is a historic home located near Covesville Albemarle County Virginia. It was built between about 1798 and 1808 and is a rectangular two-story five bay brick structure covered by a hipped roof in the Federal style. It features a Tuscan order front porch. Its interior is notable for its fine Adamesque woodwork.
 Anderson Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Anderson County South Carolina. The mall which is anchored by Belk Sears JCPenney and Dillard's has 671000 sq ft (62300 m2) GLA.
 The Peoples Gas Building at 122 South Michigan Avenue on the corner of Adams Street in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois is a 265-foot (81 m) 21-story office building which was built from 1910 to 1911 and was designed by D.H. Burnham & Company. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and is also a contributing property for Chicago's Michigan Boulevard Historic District.
 The Hanover Square Historic District is a downtown business district in Horseheads New York. Most of the buildings in the district were built between 1862 and 1882 in the Romanesque Revival style. The homogeneity of the district is owed to the fact that a fire levelled the town in 1862 allowing for redevelopment in this manner. The brick buildings with their decorative corbelling are remarkably intact.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The St. Nicholas Russian Orthodox Church near Kwethluk Alaska on the Lower Kuskokwim River is a historic Russian Orthodox church that was built in 1935 as a replacement for an earlier church that was built around 1900. Also denoted AHRS Site No. BTH-001 it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Brisbane Magistrates Court is located at 363 George Street Brisbane in Queensland Australia. The building is a modern purpose-built facility which currently contains 26 courtrooms. These include a dedicated Murri Court two Coroners courts and four Small Claims hearing rooms.The building has the capacity to expand to 39 courtrooms.Construction started in September 2002 and the building was opened on 16 November 2004 by the Queensland Premier Peter Beattie.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of Guayaquil (officially the Cathedral of Saint Peter) is a cathedral in the center of Guayaquil Ecuador. The current cathedral is the successor of the cathedral that was Guayaquil's main cathedral at the time of the city's founding. The original cathedral was made of wood and located on Santa Ana Hill. This cathedral was destroyed in a fire in 1692.The current building was constructed in a neo-Gothic style between 1924 and 1937.
 The Conyngham-Hacker House (aka the Old Fisher House) is a historic house in the in Germantown section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The 2½-story stone house was built in 1755 by William Forbes. It was known successively as the Conyngham Wister and Hacker House. The building served as a boarding school and as the headquarters of the Germantown Historical Society.The Conyngham-Hacker House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 St. Andrew's Church Lincoln was a parish church on Canwick Road in Lincoln in the Church of England between 1877 and 1968.
 John Wesley Methodist Church also known as First Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on E. Foster Street in Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in 1820 and is a two story brick meeting house building with Greek Revival style design elements. It originally measures 58 feet long by 47 feet wide. In 1835 a vestibule addition added 10 feet to the length.
 Knox Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church in Ottawa Ontario Canada. It is named after John Knox a founder of Presbyterianism in Scotland.
 The Charles Magnuson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 56/58 Olga Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1912 and is a good local example of Colonial Revival styling. The asymmetrical main facade has a three-tier porch on the right supported by square posts and a rounded projecting window bay on the left.
 Liberty Theater is a historic movie theater located at 1333 Walnut St. in Murphysboro Illinois. Built in 1913 as the Tilford Theatre the theater was one of the first five movie theaters in Murphysboro. The theater's name was changed in 1918 during a wave of patriotism inspired by World War I. In 1938 the theater was remodeled in the Art Deco style. During the remodeling the theater's neon marquee was installed and the building's exterior walls were faced with black vitrolite.
 The Ladder at Devils Tower was first constructed and used in 1893 by William Rogers and Willard Ripley to publicly ascend Devil's Tower. Two years later Roger's wife Linnie ascended the tower via the ladder one of a total of about 215 who have used the ladder. The last use was by Babe The Human Fly White in 1927.The present tower ladder consists of a series of wooden stakes connected on the outside by vertical wood planks.
 Blythedale Children's Hospital is a specialty children's hospital in Valhalla New York United States. It is the only independent children's hospital in New York State. The hospital is dedicated to the diagnosis care and rehabilitation of children with complex medical and rehabilitative needs. The hospital opened a new 56000 square-foot inpatient hospital in December 2011.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Edgefield (FCI Edgefield) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in South Carolina. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders which houses between 500 and 549 inmates.
 11 South LaSalle Street Building or Eleven South LaSalle Street Building (formerly Roanoke Building and Tower and originally Lumber Exchange Building and Tower Addition or simply the Roanoke Building and Lumber Exchange Building) is a Chicago Landmark building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and that is located at 11 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois United States.
 Führerhauptquartier Werwolf was the codename used for one of Adolf Hitler's World War II Eastern Front military headquarters located in a pine forest about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of Vinnitsa (now Vinnytsia) in Ukraine that was used between 1942 and 1943. It was one of a number of Führer Headquarters throughout Europe and the most easterly ever used by Hitler in person.
 The New Orleans Mint (French: Monnaie de La Nouvelle-Orléans) operated in New Orleans Louisiana as a branch mint of the United States Mint from 1838 to 1861 and from 1879 to 1909. During its years of operation it produced over 427 million gold and silver coins of nearly every American denomination with a total face value of over US$307 million.
 Kruishoutem Castle is a castle in Kruishoutem Belgium.
 East Suffolk Complex is a historic school complex for African-American students located at Suffolk Virginia. The complex consists of the East Suffolk Elementary School (1926-1927) East Suffolk High School (1938-1939) and the Gymnasium building (1951). The East Suffolk Elementary School built as a Rosenwald School is a one-story Colonial Revival style brick school with a central auditorium flanked by classrooms.
 Tufts Medical Center (until 2008 Tufts-New England Medical Center) is a hospital in downtown Boston Massachusetts occupying space between Chinatown and the Boston Theater District.
 The E. H. Brabrook House is an historic house at 42-44 Avon Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in 1849 by Ezra Brabrook a local furniture dealer. It is one of the first Italianate houses in Old Cambridge retaining distinctive Greek Revival characteristics such as its corner pilasters and front door sidelight windows while including an Italianate wide cornice and brackets.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Stratford Residences is a high-rise residential and commercial building that will rise in Makati City Philippines. It is being developed by Picar Development Inc. the development arm and real estate subsidiary of the AMA Group of Companies owned by Ambassador Amable R. Aguiluz V.In 2009 BCI Asia an expert in construction market information named The Stratford Residences as one of the best designs for its distinct curvilinear and accordion-like design.
 Burr Oak United Methodist Church is a historic church at the northeast corner Pennsylvania & Washington Streets in Burr Oak Kansas.It was a work of J.C. Holland.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Charles and Joseph Raymond Houses consists of two historic homes located at Middletown Dauphin County Pennsylvania. They are two irregularly shaped brick and stone mansions in the Queen Anne style. They were built across the street from one another by two brothers Charles and Joseph Raymond. The Charles Raymond House was built in 1891 and has a rusticated stone first story and a second story of brick. It features a variety of roof shapes and four articulated brick chimneys.
 Masjid al-Qiblatayn (Arabic: المسجد القبلتين‎) is a mosque in Zeila situated in the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia.
 The Baynard Boulevard Historic District is a national historic district located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It encompasses 77 contributing buildings with examples of Colonial Revival Tudor Revival and Queen Anne architecture. The area developed after being laid out in 1893 and is a prime example of a turn-of-the-20th-century American suburb or streetcar suburb. The dwellings date between 1895 and 1930. The district is predominantly residential.
 Jinpūkaku (仁風閣 Jinpūkaku) is a Western-style French Renaissance style residence of the Ikeda clan located in Tottori Tottori Prefecture Japan.
 The Ryōunkaku (凌雲閣 Ryōunkaku lit. Cloud-Surpassing Pavilion or Cloud-Surpassing Tower) was Japan's first western-style skyscraper. It stood in the Asakusa district of Tokyo from 1890 until its demolition following the Great Kanto earthquake of 1923. The Asakusa Jūnikai (浅草十二階 lit. Asakusa Twelve-stories) as it was called affectionately by Tokyoites was the most popular attraction in Tokyo and a showcase for new technologies as it housed Japan's first electric elevator.
 The Orleans Building in Beaumont Texas was built in 1925 for the American National Bank. It is located at 470 Orleans St. in Downtown Beaumont. The building is 12 stories tall.
 The Everhart Museum is a non-profit art and natural history museum located in Nay Aug Park in Scranton Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1908 by Dr. Isaiah Fawkes Everhart a local medical doctor and skilled taxidermist. Many of the specimens in the museum's extensive ornithological collection came from Dr.
 The Parvin Bridge is a covered bridge located in Lane County Oregon U.S. near Dexter. It was built in 1921 as a single-lane 75-foot (23 m) bridge across Lost Creek a tributary of the Middle Fork Willamette River.The bridge was a replacement for a 66-foot (20 m) Howe truss design which failed a 1917 inspection by bridge inspector J. W. McArthur. He wrote An old bridge. Chords badly worm eaten. Downstream chord has been reinforced in middle by a timber bolted on.
 Samuel Richards Hotel is located in the Mays Landing section of Hamilton Township Atlantic County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31 1979.
 The Sessions-Pope-Sheild House also known as Sessions House or Sheild House is a historic home located at Yorktown York County Virginia. It was built in 1691 and is a 1 1/2-story five bay by two bay brick Southern Colonial dwelling. It has a clipped gable roof with dormers. It has two T-shaped end chimney. Also on the property is a contributing archaeological site.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Church of St Mary in North Petherton Somerset England dates from the 15th century and has been designated as a grade I listed building. It is on the Heritage at Risk register due to the condition of the roof and north aisle parapet.There was a church in North Petherton before the Norman Conquest and the site belonged to Buckland Priory from the 12th century.
 Neath Port Talbot Hospital is a major acute secondary care 270-bed hospital located in Port Talbot Wales. It is sited on Baglan Moors beside Afan Way.
 The Job Lane House is a historic house at 295 North Road in Bedford Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 story timber frame house was built c. 1713 by Job Lane one of Bedford's earliest settlers on land acquired by his grandfather (also Job Lane) in 1664 from Governor John Winthrop.The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is owned by the Town of Bedford and operated as an 18th-century historic house museum.
 The Thomas C. Wilkinson House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italian Villa residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Knuessl Building is a historic mid-19th Century commercial building in downtown Ottawa Illinois. It was built around 1868 by a local pharmacist. The Knuessl Building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Auckland Castle (also known as Auckland Palace or locally as the Bishop's Castle or Bishop's Palace) is a castle in the town of Bishop Auckland in County Durham England. The castle has been home to the Prince Bishops of Durham. for more than 800 years.
 Ponce Servicos is a municipal building located Ponce Puerto Rico. It is the largest building in the municipality in terms of footprint area and the only one that occupies an entire city block. Its architecture is modern-contemporary. The structure was built in 1981 as a way to provide a modern air-conditioned structure to the merchants and shoppers of the historic but aging Plaza de Mercado Isabel Segunda building.
 Four Seasons Hotel Chicago is a part of the Toronto-based Four Seasons chain of luxury hotels and resorts. It is one of the two Four Seasons Hotels in Chicago the other the Ritz-Carlton (Four Seasons) is located just a few blocks away. It is located in downtown Chicago on the north end of the Magnificent Mile overlooking Lake Michigan.
 The Tuscarawas County Courthouse is located at 125 East High Avenue in New Philadelphia Ohio. The courthouse was constructed by Thomas Boyd in 1882 in the Classical Revival style. An expansion was added in 1990 to alleviate the needs of a growing population and blends in with the older structure. The courthouse was placed on the National Register on 1973-07-16.
 The Dongdaemun Design Plaza often abbreviated to DDP is a large urban development project in Dongdaemun Seoul South Korea that includes a park exhibition spaces and restored parts of the Seoul fortress. Originally planned for completion by 2010 to coincide with Seoul's designation as World Design Capital that year but construction only started in April 2009 and the DDP was officially inaugurated on March 21 2014.
 Burgruine Hohenburg auf Rosenberg is a ruined medieval castle near Spittal an der Drau in Carinthia Austria. It is located high above the Drava Valley on the southern slope of the Ankogel Group part of the Hohe Tauern mountain range.
 St. Henry's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in St. Henry Ohio United States. Built in the late nineteenth century it remains the home of a functioning congregation and it has been recognized as a historically significant building because of its architecture.
 Mount Zion United Methodist Church is a historic black church located at 1334 29th Street NW in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington D.C. United States.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Oulujoki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in Kirkkokangas neighbourhood in Oulu. The wooden church named the Church of the Holy Spirit was built for the former Oulu rural municipality in 1907–1908. It has been designed by architect Victor J. SucksdorffThe interior of the Oulujoki church was modernized in the 1950s but the new look did not please people and the church was reconstituted in the mid–1980s.
 St. Leonard Eastcheap sometimes referred to as St Leonard Milkchurch was a parish church in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 Bürgel Abbey (German: Kloster Bürgel) is a Benedictine monastery in the village of Thalbürgel of the town of Bürgel in Saale-Holzland-Kreis district in Thuringia in Germany.
 The Murphy Varnish Works is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1865 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 9 1979.
 The Archäologisches Museum Hamburg (Archaeological Museum of Hamburg; formerly named the Helms-Museum) is an archaeological museum in the Harburg borough of Hamburg Germany. It houses the archaeological finds of the city of Hamburg and the neighbouring counties to the south of the city. It focuses on northern German prehistory and early history as well as the history of the former city of Harburg.
 The Garfield Place Historic District is a small residential neighborhood in southern Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) area covering all properties on Garfield Place which runs for two blocks between Franklin and Montgomery streets as well as some on nearby sections of Montgomery and Barclay.
 Oak Grove is a historic plantation home located near Eastville Northampton County Virginia. The original section of the manor house was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story gambrel-roofed colonial-period structure. It has a two-story Federal style wing added about 1811 and a two-story Greek Revival style wing added about 1840. The house was remodeled and enlarged in the 1940s.
 Old Main constructed in 1907-1908 is a historic building at Minot State University-Bottineau a two-year college in Bottineau North Dakota. The building previously housed the North Dakota School of Forestry. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Groothoofdspoort is a former city gate in Dordrecht that is located at the point where three rivers meet; the Merwede the Oude Maas and the Noord.
 The Royal Palace at Tell el-ful stands near Beit Hanina atop a hill named Tell el-Ful (Hill of Beans Hebrew: גבעת שאול‎ Givat Shaul lit. Hill of Saul). It was intended to be a summer residence for King Hussein of Jordan who had conquered Jerusalem and the rest of the West Bank and annexed the territory after the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Construction started in the mid-1960s but was interrupted when Israel captured the area during the 1967 War.
 The F.J. Raible House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Greek Revival style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 The Midland School is located in Paramus Bergen County New Jersey United States. The schoolhouse was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 7 1978. The building is currently used as the Charles E. Reid branch of the Paramus Public Library and should not be confused with the later-built elementary school nextdoor which is also named Midland School.
 Philadelphia Stock Exchange (PHLX) now known as NASDAQ OMX PHLX is the oldest stock exchange in the United States founded in 1790. It is now owned by NASDAQ OMX and located at 1900 Market Street in Center City Philadelphia.
 Vermont State Hospital alternately known as the Vermont State Asylum for the Insane and the Waterbury Asylum was a mental institution built in 1890 in Waterbury Vermont to help relieve overcrowding at the privately run Vermont Asylum for the Insane in Brattleboro Vermont now known as the Brattleboro Retreat.
 The Centre Pompidou-Metz is a museum of modern and contemporary arts located in Metz capital of Lorraine France. It is a branch of Pompidou arts centre of Paris and features semi-permanent and temporary exhibitions from the large collection of the French National Museum of Modern Art the largest European collection of 20th and 21st century arts.
 The Legare-Morgan House is a one-story clapboard structure built in Aiken South Carolina around 1835. From 1850-1859 it was the home of the artist poet and inventory James Mathews Legare. In 1870 the property was sold to Thomas C. Morgan. The home located in proximity to Aiken’s downtown area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places September 22 1977.
 Broom's Bloom is a historic home located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two-story frame and rubblestone gable-roofed house partially stuccoed and partially shingled. It took its present form from four distinct and discernible periods of growth from about 1747 to about 1950. The oldest section is four bays by two and has a hall and parlor plan measuring approximately 36 by 20 feet (11.0 by 6.1 m).
 The Mesa Laboratory of the National Center for Atmospheric Research is a research center located in Boulder Colorado. The building complex was designed by modernist architect I. M. Pei in 1961 as his first project outside of city building design. It has been noted for its Anasazi-inspired architecture and use of bush-hammered concrete to blend into the surrounding area. The laboratory was named the 1967 Industrial Research Magazine's Laboratory of the Year.
 The Christchurch Convention Centre was New Zealand's only purpose-built Convention Centre. Christchurch's Mayor Vicki Buck opened it in November 1997.
 Armitage Manufacturing Company also known as Fibre Board Container Company is a historic factory building located in Richmond Virginia. The original section was built in 1900 and is a two-story brick building; a third story was added in 1924. Around 1928 a three-story extension was constructed at the rear of the front wing. In 1954 a large barrel-roofed metal bowstring truss wing was added.
 The Duke of Cornwall Hotel is a hotel in the city of Plymouth Devon England. Built in Victorian Gothic style it opened in 1865 to cater for the increasing number of travellers who were coming to the region by rail and sea.The hotel survived the World War II Plymouth Blitz without damage and was the venue for regular functions throughout the war even though the family that ran it were members of the fascist party and were removed from the city in 1944.
 St Mary's Church Mundon is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Mundon Essex England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Attmore-Oliver House is a building on the National Register of Historic Places in New Bern North Carolina. It is on 510 Pollock Street and in the New Bern National Historic District. It was originally built in 1790 and enlarged around 1834. The house is white and features three stories and a large porch in both the front and the back. The house is owned by the New Bern Historical Society and is used for Society functions.
 Kalmar Cathedral (Swedish: Kalmar domkyrka) is in the city of Kalmar in Småland in south east Sweden situated by the Baltic Sea.The new city of Kalmar built on Kvarnholmen around the mid-1700s. The transfer from the old town was largely completed 1658th The new fortified town was planned after the current renaissance ideals. According to this pattern were placed church and town hall across from each other at a major square Stortorget Kalmar.
 The St. Francis River Bridge near Madison in St. Francis County Arkansas United States is a bridge that was built in 1933 across the St. Francis River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The center of the bridge is capable of being swung with a hand-operated mechanism although it is likely that the swinging mechanism has never been used.
 Eustatia (Greek for good place to stay) is a brick house overlooking the Hudson River in Beacon New York USA. Located on Monell Place in the northwestern corner of the city it is a rare survival in Beacon of a cottage in the Victorian Gothic style.It was built in 1867 to designs by Frederick Clarke Withers for his friend John Monell (after whom today's street is named) a New York state judge.
 The Archaeological Museum of Delos (Greek: Αρχαιολογικό Μουσείο Δήλου) is a museum on the island of Delos near Mykonos in the South Aegean Greece. It is noted for its extensive collection of statues unearthed in the surrounding area of the ancient site which has been declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Although the museum has a considerable collection it does not contain all of the items found in Delos: a large quantity are on display in Athens at the National Archaeological Museum.
 Fingerlakes Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located outside the city of Auburn New York United States in the town of Aurelius. The mall features Bass Pro Shops JCPenney and Sears.
 The Van Allen House is located in Oakland Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built around 1740 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24 1973.
 The Spotts Round Barn is an historical structure located near Charles City in rural Floyd County Iowa. It was built in 1914 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 55 feet (16.8 m) around. It is constructed of clay tile and features a two-pitch roof a large hay dormer on the north side and a 12 foot (3.7 m) central silo.
 Parade House is a Grade II listed building in Monk Street Monmouth Wales. The building is 18th-century in origin has three storeys gothicised windows ornate staircase and a hipped roof.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic church at 409 North Liberty Street in Independence Missouri.It was built in 1881 in a Late Victorian style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 1600 Broadway (also known as the Colorado State Bank Building) is a high-rise in Denver Colorado in the United States. The tower stands at a height of 352 feet (107 m) with 26 floors. It was completed in 1972. Upon completion 1600 Broadway stood as the seventh-tallest building in Denver. Today it stands as the 30th-tallest building in Denver. 1600 Broadway is the headquarters for the Colorado State Bank.
 Ryan Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown in Franklin County New York USA. It was built in 1893 and is a 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame dwelling with clapboard siding on a fieldstone foundation in the Queen Anne style. It has a central hipped roof obscured by multiple gables and gable dormers. It features a wraparound verandah.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 De Beukenhof is a hotel-restaurant located in Oegstgeest in the Netherlands. It is a former fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars since 1957 up to 1995.GaultMillau awarded them 13.0 points (out of 20).Head chef in the time of the Michelin stars was Coos Fulpen. He retired in 1995.
 Lenora Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Lenora Minnesota United States an unincorporated community in Canton Township Fillmore County. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 US Post Office-Mount Vernon is a historic post office building located at Mount Vernon in Westchester County New York United States. It was built in 1915 and is one a number of post offices designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect under direction of Oscar Wenderoth. It is a two to three story symmetrical building faced with limestone in the Classical Revival style.
 This article is about Jameh Mosque of Tabriz; for similar uses see Jameh Mosque (disambiguation).The Jāmeh Mosque (Persian: مسجد جامع تبریز‎ - Masjid-e-Jāmeh Tabrīz) is a large congregational mosque (Jāmeh) in Tabrīz city within the East Azerbaijan Province of Iran. It is located in the Bazaar suburb of Tabriz next to the Grand Bazaar of Tabriz and the Constitutional House of Tabriz.
 250 Douglas Place is a high-rise apartment community. It is the second tallest building in Wichita as well as in the state of Kansas.From 1969 until 1989 it was the tallest building in Wichita until the Epic Center was constructed. The edifice still has the highest number of floors of any building in the state.
 Northwestern Medical Center is a hospital in St. Albans Vermont.
 Crossroads Center is a shopping mall located in Waterloo Iowa. It is the dominant shopping center in northeast Iowa with a trade area that extends more than 50 miles (80 km). The mall opened in 1969 is owned by Jones Lang LaSalle and is managed and leased by Spinoso Real Estate Group. It is located in the heart of a retail hub that includes a 12 screen theater Best Buy SuperTarget Walmart Barnes & Noble Bed Bath & Beyond and many other national tenants.
 The Methodist Episcopal Church built in 1910 is an historic Methodist church located at 117 Central Avenue North in Pierre South Dakota. The original congregation which dates from 1880 moved in 1881 from rented halls to its first building on Fort Street. In 1883 it moved to a building on the present Central Avenue site. The present Late Gothic Revival-style building was built in 1910 by F. Turner.
 Montpelier Historic District in Montpelier Mississippi is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Myers School near Shoshone Idaho United States was built in 1910 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The New Kasson Apartments is a historic apartment building on James Street in Syracuse New York United States that was built in 1898. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.It is significant as a genteel apartment house.
 The Ocean Financial Centre is an office building in Singapore. It is built on the site of the former Ocean Building which has been demolished. The new building retained the name and many of the tenants of the former office block and will serve primarily as a home to financial corporations.The building features a large solar array and is located next to Raffles Place MRT Station.On October 17 2011 K-REIT Asia acquired the building from Keppel Land for more than S$2 billion.
 The International Ocean Shipping Building (Chinese: 国际航运金融大厦) is a 50-floor 232 meter (762 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2000 located in Shanghai China.Part of the building is occupied by the Novotel Atlantis Pudong Shanghai hotel with 303 guest rooms. The 50th floor is home to a revolving restaurant.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Baptist is located in the city of St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. This parish in the Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador was founded in 1699 in response to a petition drafted by the Anglican townsfolk of St. John's and sent to the Bishop of London the Rt. Rev. Henry Compton.
 The Lodge is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Australia in the national capital Canberra. It is located at 5 Adelaide Avenue Deakin. It is one of two official Prime Ministerial residences the other being Kirribilli House in Sydney.
 Willard Straight Hall is the student union building on the central campus of Cornell University in Ithaca New York. It is located on Campus Road adjacent to the Ho Plaza and the Gannett Health Center.
 1918 Eighth Avenue is a 500 feet (150 m) tall skyscraper in the Denny Regrade neighborhood of Seattle Washington. It was completed in 2009 and has 36 floors consisting mostly of office space. On August 25 2008 the tower gained its first tenant law firm Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro. The firm leased 21000 square feet (2000 m2) of the building.
 The Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery was used to raise trout and salmon for release into the McKenzie River in western Oregon in the United States. It is located near the unincorporated community of Vida in Lane County. The hatchery is closed however the historic site is now a county park. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Belcher Family Homestead and Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. The farmhouse is a two story five bay frame house built about 1850 in a vernacular Gothic Revival style with a porch with Carpenter Gothic details. A second house a one and one half story five bay frame structure was built about 1815 in a vernacular Federal style.
 Primera Iglesia Bautista de Caguas was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Kol Israel Synagogue is a historic synagogue at 603 St. John's Place in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1928 and is a vernacular tenement synagogue. It is a small two story rectangular building faced in random laid fieldstone.It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2009.
 Old Buckenham Priory was an Augustinian priory built on the site of Old Buckenham Castle at Old Buckenham in Norfolk England. The priory was founded circa 1146 by William de Albini and his wife Queen Adeliza (widow of King Henry I). The foundation charter endowed the priory with the site of the old Buckenham castle and the rectories of All Saints and St. Andrews in the manor of Buckenham.
 The Woodville in Winfield Georgia is a building from 1814. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The J. Whitney Goff Round Barn near Winfred South Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.Round barns in the state were later studied and a number more were recommended for NRHP listing.
 Carlsbad Irrigation District also known as Carlsbad Reclamation Project or Irrigation system of the Pecos Irrigation and Improvement Company is a historic district near Carlsbad New Mexico USA. It includes dams spillways embankments and other structures relating to reclamation of water.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
 La Prele Work Center is a work center located in Medicine Bow National Forest near Douglas Wyoming. The building was constructed from 1937 to 1941 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. The log building was designed by U.S. Forest Service architects in a rustic style distinct to the USFS. The building originally served as a ranger station for the La Prele Ranger District and was called the Cold Springs Ranger Station. In 1941 the station was renamed the La Prele Ranger Station.
 Borden-Winslow House is a historic house located at 3063 North Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was built circa 1740 in the Steep Brook area then still part of Freetown making it possibly the oldest extant house in Fall River. Of particular interest is the fine Georgian pediment doorway which includes a six-light transom within its entablature.
 Pioneer Cabin also known as William A. Burgess House is one of the oldest buildings in Colorado Springs Colorado's Douglas Valley. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wade Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The two story side gabled frame house was constructed about 1822 in the Federal style. Two smaller wings are attached; a one story kitchen wing and a small wellhouse addition. Also on the property are an English barn secondary barn granary chicken house milk house and silo.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Winstead Hill is a property in Franklin Tennessee that has significance in 1864 for being in the Second Battle of Franklin battlefield. It is located within the Franklin Battlefield a U.S. National Historic Landmark area.In the battle Confederate troops under General Hood attacked from Winstead Hill.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Qasr Hammam As-Sarah is an Umayyad bathhouse located in Jordan approximately 2 kilometers east of the Qasr al Hallabat. It is one of the Umayyad buildings in Jordan collectively known as the desert castle. The design of the bathhouse shows similarities to the design of Qasr Amra another of the Desert Castles. Today most of the bath complex as well as the accompanying mosaics and sculpture are being conserved. The design consists of a rectangular audience hall as well as the actual baths.
 Burg Seebenstein is a castle in Seebenstein Lower Austria Austria.
 The Shiloh Meeting House and Cemetery is a historic church near Ireland Indiana.It was built in 1849 and was added to the National Register in 1982.
 The WonderLab Museum of Science Health & Technology is a science museum located in the city of Bloomington Indiana United States. It was incorporated in 1995 as a private 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. WonderLab is a member of the Association of Science-Technology Centers.
 The Mayville Historic District is a 50.3-acre (20.4 ha) historic district in Mayville North Dakota. It includes works of significance during 1889-1930. It includes Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The William J. and Lizzie Cullimore House at 396 W. 1600 N. in Orem Utah United States was built in approximately 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1998. The listing included two contributing buildings.At the time of its NRHP listing it was one of only six similar houses remaining in Orem.
 The St. Nicholas Hotel is a historic hotel located at 400 E. Jefferson St. in Springfield Illinois.The original building of the St. Nicholas Hotel was constructed in 1855. An annex was built on the hotel in 1910 and the current main building was constructed in 1924. The Georgian Revival main building was designed by the New York City architectural firm H.L. Stevens and Company.
 St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Central Falls Rhode Island United States. Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Providence.
 Center Meeting House and Common is a historic meeting house in Oxford Maine.It was built in 1829 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse in Muskogee Oklahoma also known as the Ed Edmondson U.S. Courthouse was built in 1915. It serves as a government office building and federal courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000 and was named in honor of former U.S. Congressman Ed Edmondson in 2003.
 Oberon Mall is a shopping mall located in the Indian city of Kochi and the current second largest lifestyle mall in Kerala in operation after the newer and bigger Lulu Cochin Mall. The mall is also the first full format mall in Kerala opened formally on March 2 2009 though the mall was launched in 2008. The cost of construction of the mall is about 1 billion.
 The Vineyard is a historic home and farm complex located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It consists of a cluster of buildings on a knoll in the center of a 310-acre (130 ha) working grain and livestock farm. The main house is a large stone structure the oldest section of which comprises a two-story side stairhall / double parlor dwelling built about 1804. Two bays were added to the old house around 1870.
 Iloilo Convention Center is a P450-million project in the Iloilo Business Park in Mandurriao Iloilo City Philippines which is expected in to be completed in 2014. It will be built on a 1.7-hectare of lot in the district of Mandurriao donated by the Megaworld Corp.
 For other meanings see St Martin-in-the-Fields (disambiguation).St Martin-in-the-Fields is an English Anglican church at the north-east corner of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster London. It is dedicated to Saint Martin of Tours. There has been a church on the site since the medieval period. The present building was constructed in a Neoclassical design by James Gibbs in 1722–1724.
 Godfrey Shew House is a historic home located at Fish House in Fulton County New York. It was built in 1784 and is a 2-story five-bay-wide and two-bay-deep timber-frame gable-roofed residence in the Federal style. Attached to the main block is a 1-story wing. It features a 1-story entrance porch supported by four Tuscan columns. Also on the property is a 2 1⁄2-story carriage house dating to about 1885.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Old Spring Tavern is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Grace Lutheran Church or Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church as it's now known is located at 174 Cazenovia St Buffalo New York in the city's South Buffalo neighborhood.
 Broad Margin is a private residence in Greenville South Carolina. The house was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and was built in 1954. It is one of two buildings designed by Wright in South Carolina (the other being the Auldbrass Plantation).It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.The house is built into the slope of the 2-acre (0.81 ha) lot. It has 12-inch-thick (30 cm) concrete walls. It extensively uses cypress wood throughout including its ceiling of cypress boards.
 Zion Poplars Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built in 1894 during the Reconstruction Era and served more than just religious functions. As one of the oldest independent African American congregations in Gloucester County Virginia the church also served the economic and educational needs of its community. It was built in the Gothic Revival style with vernacular detailing attributed to the handiwork of Mr.
 The Church of St. Agnes is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 143 East 43rd Street Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1873.
 Highfield Church is a parish church in the Highfield district of Southampton England. It is an Anglican Church in the Diocese of Winchester.
 George Walton House also known as Meadow Garden is a house in Augusta Georgia. It was home of George Walton Georgia's youngest signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence and later a governor of Georgia and a U.S. senator.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1981.
 The Wickham House also known as the Wickham-Valentine House or the Valentine Museum in Richmond Virginia was completed in 1812 and is considered one of the finest examples of architecture from the Federal period. It was built by John Wickham and designed by Massachusetts architect Alexander Parris. Wickham was a successful attorney who defended Vice President Aaron Burr during his trial for treason.
 The Elks Club Lodge No. 501 is a historic building located in Joplin Missouri. It was built in 1904 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Eastern Refinery is the only oil refinery in Bangladesh. Eastern Refinery Limited (Locally known as ERL) a subsidiary of Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation plays a vital role in supplying around 40% of the country’s current petroleum products’ demand and thus maintains stability in the POL Products’ market of the country.
 The JW Marriott Absheron Baku Hotel also Absheron Hotel is a skyscraper hotel in Baku Azerbaijan located on Azadliq Square next to Pushkin's Park and the Crescent Hotel on the edge of the Caspian Sea. The hotel was established in 1985. The original hotel had 343 rooms located on 16 floors. The hotel was bought and rebuilt by JW Marriot in 2009 with 243 rooms on 20 floors.
 Fremont Memorial Hospital is a hospital in Yuba City California United States. It is part of the Fremont-Rideout Health Group.
 The US Post Office - Flatbush Station is a historic post office building located at 2273 Church Avenue between Flatbush and Bedford Avenues in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. It was built in 1936 and designed by consulting architect Lorimer Rich in the Colonial Revival style for the Office of the Supervising Architect of the United States Department of the Treasury.
 St. Agnes Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Springfield Missouri United States. Along with the Cathedral of St. Mary of the Annunciation in Cape Girardeau Missouri it is the seat of the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau.
 The Chapelle expiatoire (Expiatory Chapel) is a chapel located in the eighth arrondissement of Paris France. This chapel is dedicated to Louis XVI and his wife Marie Antoinette although they are formally buried in the Basilica of St Denis.
 Holman House in Dover Heights New South Wales Australia was completed in 2004 to a design by architectural firm Durbach Block Jaggers. The firm is located in Potts Point Sydney Australia and is a small architectural practice who specialise in residential and public space designs. The house was the winner of the Wilkinson Award in 2005.
 American Legion Hut-Des Arc is a building in Des Arc Arkansas that was built in 1934 in WPA Rustic style. It functioned as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Fort St. Philip is a decommissioned masonry fort located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River about 40 miles (64 km) up river from its mouth in Plaquemines Parish Louisiana.
 Stephen Vincent Benét House (commonly referred to as Benét House) also known as President's Home Augusta College Commandant's House; Augusta Arsenal is a house in Augusta Georgia. It was the home of the Commandant of the Augusta Arsenal.The poet and writer Stephen Vincent Benét lived and wrote here.It is used as the President's House of what was known as Augusta College and is now Augusta State University.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
 The Charles Browne House is a historic house located at 932 South Church Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in 1869 for Charles A. Browne a local inventor who invented the electrical fuse and who worked on the Hoosac Tunnel. The house which is located not far from the western portal of the tunnel was constructed in a distinctive regional variant of the Italianate style of which it is a significant surviving example.
 The National Presbyterian Church is a Christian congregation of approximately 1800 members of all ages from the greater metropolitan Washington D.C. area. The motto of the church is A ministry of grace passionate about Christ's mission in the world.The congregation meets at 4101 Nebraska Ave. NW Washington D.C.
 Oxhey Chapel is a redundant Anglican chapel in Oxhey a suburb of Watford Hertfordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The chapel stands surrounded by 1940s housing in South Oxhey between a modern church and its vicarage some 2 miles (3.2 km) south of the centre of Watford.
 The Quartz Lake Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as shelters one-day's travel (8–12 miles) apart for rangers patrolling the backcountry. The National Park Service Rustic log cabin was built in 1930 by local builder Austin Weikert using National Park Service standard plan G913. The cabin is adjacent to the western shore of Quartz Lake.
 The Corriher Grange Hall near the Five Points area near Enochville North Carolina was built in 1916. It served historically as a school. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Saint Matthew's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Mobile Alabama. It was built in the Mediterranean Revival style in 1913 shortly after its parish was founded. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 3 1991 as a part of the Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 The Ironwood City Hall was a government building located at the corner of McLeod Avenue and Norfolk Street in Ironwood Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and demolished in 1989.
 Meridian Condominiums is the 19th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 371 ft (113 m) and contains 172 units. Located at the southwest corner of Kettner Boulevard and A Street in the Horton Plaza district of Downtown San Diego Meridian Condominiums is a 28-story building that utilizes a modern architectural style designed by the architect firm Maxwell Starkman & Associates.
 The St Peter Baptist Hospital is medium scale tertiary referral hospital and district hospital in Paddington England. The 16 bed hospital is located on St. Michael's Street a route into the Centre of Paddington. It caters for medical services ranging from health screening outpatient clinics and post-operative nursing care.
 Rockdale also known as The Robinson/Stirling Place is a historic home and farm complex located at Fallston Harford County Maryland United States. It is a farm developed from the late 18th century through the early 20th century. The dwelling is in three parts. The east room of the east wing is the earliest section dating from the 18th century. The largest or main portion of the dwelling dates from between 1815 and 1830.
 The Chester Masonic Lodge and Community Building was built in 1942. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Methodist Episcopal Church South (Prestonsburg First United Methodist Church; FD-6) is a historic Methodist church building on S. Arnold Avenue between Ford Street and W. Graham Street in Prestonsburg Kentucky.It was built in 1917 in a Late Gothic Revival style. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Old Ashton Historic District is a historic district along Lower River Road in Lincoln Rhode Island.The district was largely constructed around 1809 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Firehouse Gallery or the Firehouse Center for the Visual Arts is an art gallery in Burlington VT. The building was originally built as the Ethan Allen Firehouse on Church Street Burlington Vermont in 1889. The building is now owned by the non-profit BCA (Burlington City Arts) which uses the building for its exhibits lectures and educational programs. The gallery has been opened since 1995.
 Lovely Lane United Methodist Church formerly known as First Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was designed by renowned architect Stanford White (1853–1906) in 1884 built in the Romanesque Revival style. It is patterned after the early churches and basilicas in Ravenna Italy. The exterior is constructed of a gray ashlar granite with limited ornamentation.
 The Pythian Temple and James Pythian Theater is an historic Knights of Pythias building built 1925 in the Colonial Revival style of architecture at 861-867 (now simply 867) Mt. Vernon Avenue in Columbus Ohio.  it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 25 1983 under the name York Rite Masonic Temple.Since March 1987 it has been the King Arts Complex named in memory of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
 Fjordgård Chapel (Norwegian: Fjordgård kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Fjordgård. The chapel is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1976 and it seats about 110 people.
 St. Thomas Manor (1741) is a historic home and Catholic church complex located near Port Tobacco Charles County Maryland. Today the manor house complex is recognized as the oldest Jesuit residence in the world to have been continuously occupied by that order. The mission settlement of Chapel Point was started in 1641 by Father Andrew White S.J. an English Jesuit missionary. He administered to the Potapoco Native Americans some of whom he converted to Catholicism.
 The Clemens Automobile Company Building also known simply as the Clemens Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The building is a six story brick structure that rises 95 feet (29 m) above the ground. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 St. Peter’s Cathedral is located in Helena Montana United States. It is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Montana.
 Mount Feake Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 203 Prospect Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Established in 1857 it is the city's second cemetery after Grove Hill Cemetery and is one of the best-preserved garden cemeteries in the state. It takes its name from Waltham's highest point Mount Feake which was named by Governor John Winthrop in 1632 for his future son-in-law Robert Feake.
 Osama bin Laden's house in Khartoum is a pink and beige brick-and-stucco three-storey house on Al-Mashtal Street in the affluent Al-Riyadh quarter of Khartoum Sudan where Osama bin Laden lived between 1991 and 1996.
 The Wirt County Courthouse in Elizabeth West Virginia was built to replace a courthouse that burned May 15 1910. The new neoclassical courthouse was designed by B.F. Smith and subsequently built by his company. The courthouse is the most significant building in the small community of Elizabeth with a population of less than 1000. The brick courthouse features a two-story columned pediment and is surmounted by a clock tower.
 St. Nedela (Macedonian: Света Недела) also known as St. Sunday (Kyriaki) is a Macedonian Orthodox Church located in Ajax Ontario Canada.
 The Student Union is a central gathering place for students of Michigan State University. Construction was started in 1925 and was completed in 1925. Located in the Union includes a food court convenience store apparel shop USPS post office barber shop billiards computer lab bank MSU Dairy Store conference rooms classrooms and much more.
 The Musée Matisse in Nice is a national museum devoted to the work of French painter Henri Matisse. It gathers one of the world's largest collections of his works tracing his artistic beginnings and his evolution through his last works. The museum which opened in 1963 is located in the Villa des Arènes a seventeenth-century villa in the neighborhood of Cimiez.
 The Br. Andrew Gonzalez Hall (Building code: A; also known as Gen Ed Building or A Building) is a 20 storey academic complex designed by Philip H. Recto Architects for De La Salle University. It is located on a 1700-square-meter lot between Taft Avenue and Fidel Reyes St. and in front of the Enrique M. Razon Sports Center. Rising to a height of 90 meters it is said to be the highest educational structure in the Philippines.
 Conanicut Battery is a colonial and 20th century military battery in Jamestown Rhode Island west of Beaver Tail Road. During the American revolution the British occupied and rebuilt the colonial battery in 1776. During the early 20th century the U.S. military built large underground defensive batteries. The site added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as building #84000356. The Friends of the Conanicut Battery have worked to preserve the site.
 Greystone Historic District is a historic district on 1-16 Beckside Road 1-29 Greystone Avenue 1-24 Oakleigh Avenue 1-40 Langsberries Avenue 2-20 Larchmount Avenue N 1-16 South in North Providence Rhode Island. The mill dam which extends across the Woonasquatucket River into Johnston is also part of the listed district as is a large water tank in Johnston.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 First Baptist Peddie Memorial Church is a historic church at Broad and Fulton Streets in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Oswego Yacht Club known now as the McCrobie Civic Center and for a time as the Naval Militia Building is a historic clubhouse building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built in two phases; the center section was bgeun in 1914 and completed in 1919 as the yacht club. The east and west wings were added in 1949-50 by New York State when the building was occupied as the New York State Naval Militia Armory and U.S. Naval Reserve Training Center.
 The Kunsthistorisches Museum (English: Museum of Art History also often referred to as the Museum of Fine Arts) is an art museum in Vienna Austria. Housed in its festive palatial building on Ringstraße it is crowned with an octagonal dome. The term Kunsthistorisches Museum applies to both the institution and the main building.It was opened around 1891 at the same time as the Naturhistorisches Museum by Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria-Hungary.
 Lauretum is a historic home located at Chestertown Kent County Maryland United States. It is a large three story late Victorian stuccoed frame house built in 1881 for Chestertown lawyer Harrison W. Vickers (1845-1911). It features irregular massing multiple roof forms clipped gables an oriel window and exposed rafter ends. It was designed by Baltimore architect Edmund G. Lind (1829-1909).Lauretum was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The U.S. Post Office (also known as the Open Air Post Office) at 400 First Avenue North in St. Petersburg Florida is a historic building. On April 4 1975 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Reef House is a historic house located at 411 S. Poplar St. in Carbondale Illinois. William A. Reef built the house for his family circa 1892. The Queen Anne-style cottage may have been designed by local carpenter A. M. Etherton though records of its designer do not exist. The house features fishscale shingle siding on its second floor and clapboard siding on its first; the clapboard siding is adorned with stickwork.
 The Belmont-Sheffield Trust and Savings Bank Building is a six-story building built in 1928 at 1001 W. Belmont Avenue Chicago Illinois. The building was designed by architect John Nyden and is on the National Register of Historical Places.
 The Gregor S. and Elizabeth B. Affleck House also known as the Affleck house is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Bloomfield Hills Michigan in 1940.
 The University of East London Stratford Campus is based in and around University House a Grade II* listed building located in Stratford London in the London Borough of Newham. The nearest station is Maryland.
 The Capuchin Church (German: Kapuzinerkirche) in Vienna Austria is a church and monastery run by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin. Located on the Neuer Markt square in the Innere Stadt near the Hofburg Palace the Capuchin Church most famous for containing the Imperial Crypt the final resting place for members of the House of Habsburg. The official name of the church is Church of Saint Mary of the Angels but it is commonly known in Vienna as the Capuchin Church.
 Peter Yawger House is a historic home located at Union Springs in Cayuga County New York. It was built in 1838–1840 in the Greek Revival style on the east shore of Cayuga Lake. It consists of a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay brick gable-roofed main block with a 1-story gable-roofed kitchen wing. The front portico is supported by four massive fluted Ionic columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church is the former Anglican parish church of the hamlet of Tortington in the district of Arun one of seven local government districts in the English county of West Sussex. Founded in the 12th century to serve a priory and villagers in the riverside location it has experienced little change despite a 19th-century restoration.
 The Landmark Inn State Historic Site is a historic inn in Castroville Texas United States. In 1839 Cesar Monod a Swiss immigrant arrived in Indianola Texas. He settled on two lots in Castroville along the Medina River. In 1849 he constructed a limestone building that he used as his residence and business a general store.John Vance purchased the property in 1853 and began to rent rooms to travelers along the busy San Antonio - El Paso road that Castroville was located on.
 The Perry Point Mansion House and grist Mill is a national historic district at Perryville Cecil County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story center-passage brick house covered with gray stucco. The 30 foot by 20 foot stone grist mill is built into a river bank and is two to three stories high. Both structures were built about 1750.
 The Israel Stowell Temperance House is located in Delavan Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Martinsburg Shops is a historic industrial district in Martinsburg West Virginia. It is significant both for its railroading architecture by Albert Fink and John Rudolph Niernsee and for its role in the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. It consists of three contributing buildings. The presence of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company in Martinsburg dates back to the late 1840s when the first engine and machine shops were erected for the expanding company.
 St Martin's Church is a church in the town of Ruislip within the London Borough of Hillingdon. It has been designated since January 1950 by English Heritage as a Grade B listed building. The present chancel and nave date back to the 13th century. The church stands at the northern end of Ruislip High Street near the Manor Farm site.
 The Masonic Temple in Evansville Indiana USA is a building from 1913. It was designed by the local architects Shopbell & Company in Classical Revival style. The lodge building once hosted three separately chartered masonic lodges: Evansville Lodge (No. 64) Reed Lodge (No. 316) and Lessing Lodge (No. 464). The building measures 72 x 104 feet with four stories above ground and a basement.
 The Pierre Masonic Lodge is a building in Pierre South Dakota that was designed by architects Perkins & McWayne in Classical Revival style. The building was built in 1928 to house Pierre Lodge 27 A.F. and A.M. which formed in 1881. The building's design features a pediment at the top of the building Ionic columns flanking the entrance and ornamentation below the eaves. The lodge was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 200 South Tryon is a 299 feet (91 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was completed in 1961 and has 18 floors. It is the 19th tallest building in the city. Gerald D. Hines Interestspurchased what was then called the BB&T Building in December 1998 and began a renovation process that added an additional floor which was completed in 2001. and in the process was upgraded to contain all Class B office space.
 The Ira W. Gardner House at 10 N. Main St. in Salem Utah was built in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.According to its NRHP nomination the Gardner Home is considered the town's landmark residence.
 Hikone Castle (彦根城 Hikone-jō) is an Edo period castle in the city of Hikone in Shiga Prefecture Japan. It is considered the most significant historical building in Shiga. Hikone is one of only 12 Japanese castles with the original keep and one of only four castles listed as a national treasure.
 The Crozet Historic District is a national historic district located in Crozet Albemarle County Virginia. The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 28 2012. It includes 227 properties deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area along with 73 additional non-contributing properties for a total of 300 properties.
 Lord Block is an historic site at 379 Lisbon Street in Lewiston Maine.The block was built in 1865 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Raahe Museum (or the Museum of Raahe) is the oldest museum of local history and culture in Finland. The museum is located in the town of Raahe in Oulu province.
 Commerce Square is a Class-A high-rise office building complex in the Central Business District of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. Commerce Square consists of One and Two Commerce Square two identical 41-story office towers 565 feet (172 m) high that surround a paved courtyard of 30000 square feet (2800 m2).
 The Central Woodward Christian Church now known as The Historic Little Rock Missionary Baptist Church is a Gothic Revival church located at 9000 Woodward Avenue in Detroit Michigan.
 Fields Heirs is a historic home located at Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1820 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay by two-bay center-hall plan residence with a one-and-a-half story rear wing forming an L-shaped house. It sits on a stone foundation and has a gable roof. Also on the property is a contributing drive-through granary.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Middleton Place is a plantation in Dorchester County directly across the Ashley River from North Charleston and about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Charleston in the U.S. state of South Carolina. Built in several phases during the 18th and 19th centuries the plantation was the primary residence of several generations of the Middleton family many of whom played prominent roles in the colonial and antebellum history of South Carolina.
 Metropolitan Theatre is a historic theater building located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It opened July 24 1924 two-and-a-half years after construction began and consists of a single floor auditorium with balcony. The building measures 72 feet by 143 feet and has two storefronts on the ground floor and a pool room in the basement. The front facade features fluted concrete Ionic order pilasters with egg-and-dart detail in the Classical Revival style.
 Fountain Way is a mental health hospital in Salisbury Wiltshire England and part of the Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust based in Chippenham Wiltshire. It opened with newly built facilities in 2003 and occupies the southern part of the site of the former Old Manor Hospital which it replaced. The name derives from the fountain that stands in the entrance of the old hospital.
 Apple Bank for Savings provides consumer and small business banking services to the greater New York City area. It is the second largest state-chartered savings bank in New York State and has 76 branches in Manhattan Brooklyn Queens Staten Island and the Bronx as well as Westchester Suffolk and Nassau counties.
 Frere Hospital is a large provincial government funded hospital situated in East London Eastern Cape in South Africa. It was established in 1881 and is a tertiary teaching hospital and forms part of the East London Hospital Complex with Cecilia Makiwane Hospital. Frere Hospital is named after Sir Henry Bartle Frere Governor of the Cape Colony from 1877 to 1880.
 Angels Camp Museum is a history museum located in Angels Camp California in the United States. The museum focuses on the history of the California Gold Rush. Angels Camp Museum is located on 3 acres (1.2 ha) of the original land claim for Angels Mine which dates back to the 1850s. It spreads out between four buildings and features a collection of twenty-nine restored horse-drawn carriages.
 The Crow–Hightower House in Eads Colorado is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.It was deemed significant for its representation of a circular plan Modern Movement/Novelty style dwelling. The style is reflected in the house's circular plan conical entrance turret roof crenellations contrasting blond and red brick and innovative interior layout.
 St. Luke's Church (Danish: Sankt Lukas Kirke) is a Church of Denmark church located in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen Denmark. Completed in 1897 to the design of Valdemar Koch who also built several other churches in Copenhagen around that time it is the second oldest church in Frederiksberg.
 The Georgia Railroad Freight Depot (1869) the oldest building in Downtown Atlanta. It is located on the east side of Central Avenue bordered by the MARTA and freight railroad lines on its north side. It anchors the north side of Steve Polk Plaza which contains the old World of Coca-Cola building at its south side and an entrance to Underground Atlanta via a tunnel under Central Avenue on its west side.The depot was completed in 1869. The architects were (Max) Corput and Bass.
 Museum of Western and Oriental Art in Kiev also known as the Bogdan and Varvara Khanenko Museum of Art (Ukrainian: Музей Мистецтв ім. Богдана та Варвари Ханенків) is the largest collection of foreign art in Ukraine.During the Soviet times the museum ranked the third in the USSR by the value and size of its collection after The Hermitage in Saint Petersburg and the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow.
 Taunton Public Library is a historic public library located on Pleasant Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was designed by Albert R. Ross and built in 1903 from Indiana limestone with an endowment of $70000 from Andrew Carnegie. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.In 1979 a large addition (non-contributing) was added to the rear of the original 1903 building.
 The Fort of São João Baptista das Berlengas or simply known as the Fort of the Berlengas is located off western coast of Portugal on the largest island of the archipelago of the Berlengas in the municipality of Peniche in Oeste region. The fortification belonged to a group of defensive military structures meant to protect the municipality located on the coast.
 St Mary's Church Widnes is located in the West Bank area of Widnes Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Widnes. Together with the churches of St Paul Widnes and St Mary Hale it forms the South Widnes Team.
 Sandane Church (Norwegian: Sandane kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sandane at the southern end of the Gloppefjorden. The church is part of the Vereide parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The concrete church building was completed in 1997 by the architect Helge Hjertholm. The church seats about 300 people.
 The Wallace Warren and Lillian Genevieve Bradshaw Kendall House at 412 E. Seventh St. in Superior Nebraska is a historic prominent Shingle Style house built in 1898.It is a large two-story building that when built was one of the largest houses in Superior. It has a prominent location in Superior occupying half of a block and hence having streets on three sides.
 The Basilica of Regina Pacis (Latin for Queen of Peace) is a Catholic church located in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn New York part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn. The church was dedicated in 1951 built as a votive shrine forming a part of the Parish of St. Rosalia-Regina Pacis. It is considered the Mother Church of Italian immigrants of the diocese.The church was raised to the status of a minor basilica by Pope Benedict XVI in November 2012.
 San Francisco City Clinic also known as SF City Clinic or usually as City Clinic is a rather unique municipal public sexual health clinic specializing in sexually transmitted infections testing and sexually transmitted disease treatment in addition to advocacy work and medical research. The center is located in the South of Market or SoMa district on the north-east side of San Francisco California along San Francisco Bay.
 Thorp Grade School is a notable building located in Thorp Washington.On July 16 2009 it was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as a significant example of American rural education.Built at a cost of $41000 during the depths of the Great Depression using WPA funds the building still stands and has been used continuously by Thorp School District No. 400 since its construction.
 The John Herbert House also known as Breezeway is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.A 1988 study of historic resources in Williamson County identified the Herbert house as one of the best examples along with the Beasley-Parham House of double pen dogtrot houses in the county: Both houses were built with two log pens joined by an openbreezeway or dogtrot and each pen has an exterior chimney.
 The William G. Carleton Auditorium built in 1954 is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida in the United States. Like several other buildings on campus it was designed by architect Guy Fulton in an early campus Brutalist style and it is joined to Walker Hall by a breezeway. It seats 680 and was used as a lecture hall for the University College (predecessor to the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences). In 1970 it was renamed for William G.
 Casa Roig is a Prairie School-style house designed by architect Antonin Nechodoma and built in Humacao Puerto Rico in 1920. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The house has been restored and is now a museum of regional history and contemporary art. The museum is operated by the University of Puerto Rico.
 The Knapp Farm is a historic farmhouse located at the corner of Rt. 202 (Dekalb Pike) and Knapp Road in Montgomery Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It is the only township property on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm which occupies property originally settled just after 1700 by Welsh immigrants now sits adjacent to busy Montgomery Mall. The earliest section of the farmhouse was erected around 1760. It is a 2 1/2-story four bay stuccoed stone Germanic house.
 Chiesa di Santa Maria alla Fontana is a church in Milan Italy. Built in 1508 it was traditionally attributed to Leonardo da Vinci Bramante or Cristoforo Solari (under the commission of Charles II d'Amboise the French governor of the city who was allegedly healed by a spring on the site of the future church in 1507): a document found in 1982 however revealed that it was designed by Giovanni Antonio Amadeo.
 Pen-y-Fal Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Abergavenny Monmouthshire opened in 1851 and closed in 1996. It held up to 1170 patients at its peak.The facility went under a variety of names:1851-1897 - Joint Counties Lunatic Asylum for Monmouthshire Herefordshire Radnorshire and Breconshire1897-1916 - Monmouthshire Lunatic Asylum 1916-1923 - Monmouthshire Mental Hospital 1923-1950 - Pen-Y-Val Hospital1950-1996 - Pen-y-Fal HospitalPen-y-Fal was designed initially to house 250 patients.
 Rideout Memorial Hospital more commonly referred to Rideout by area residents is located in Marysville California approximately 40 minutes north of Sacramento. It is a member of the non-profit Rideout Health (RH). It is the only hospital in the Yuba-Sutter area with an emergency room which is a Level III trauma center and STEMI-receiving center.In December 2007 RMH celebrated its 100th anniversary in service of the community.
 Kampala Intercontinental Hotel is a hotel under construction in Kampala Uganda's capital city.
 The Château de Chillon (Chillon Castle) is an island castle located on the shore of Lake Geneva in the commune of Veytaux at the eastern end of the lake 3 km from Montreux Switzerland. The castle consists of 100 independent buildings that were gradually connected to become the building as it stands now[citation needed].
 Palm Tree Mosque or the Church of Jan van Bougies is a former residence and current mosque in Long Street Cape Town South Africa. It is the oldest substantially unaltered building in Long Street.The building stands on land once owned by Hermanus Smuts south-west of a block of land granted to him in 1751. The grant was bounded by Long Leeuwen and Keerom Streets. After his wife died in 1754 portions of the property were sold off. At the time the property had stables on it.
 Westfield Glenfield is a shopping centre in Glenfield part of North Shore City in Auckland. Opened in 1971 it is situated on the corner of Glenfield Road and Downing Street.
 The Dornier Museum Friedrichshafen is an aerospace museum located in the German town of Friederichshafen near Lake Constance. The museum exhibits the aircraft designs of Claude Dornier the Dornier company and aerospace products of EADS.
 The Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital is a hospital located in Herston in Brisbane Queensland Australia. The hospital has 929 beds and it is estimated that 65% of the patients served come from 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) of the hospital.
 The Church of Our Lady of Good Counsel is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 10 Austin Place Staten Island New York City.The parish was established by the Augustinians on 30 May 1899 with the Rev. Nicholas J. Murphy O.S.A. being the first pastor.The first mass in Tompkinsville occurred 12 November 1899 in McRobert's Hall on Arietta Street.
 Wees Historic District is a national historic district located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It encompasses 282 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing object in a primarily residential section of Elkins. The district includes houses representative of popular architectural styles between about 1890 and 1955.
 The Olympic National Park Headquarters Historic District overlooks Port Angeles Washington from Peabody Heights consisting of six contributing buildings built in 1940-41 and several more non-contributing buildings that act as the administrative headquarters for Olympic National Park. The contributing structures were built using locally obtained native materials in a late interpretation of the National Park Service Rustic style. Native landscaping enhances the site.
 The Charleston Arsenal was a United States Army arsenal facility in Charleston South Carolina seized by state militia at the outbreak of the American Civil War. On June 21 1996 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Porter Military Academy.The arsenal was constructed in 1841 near the intersection of Ashley Avenue and Mill Street in Charleston. It served as a storage place for weapons ordnance and ammunition for the U.S. Army in antebellum days.
 Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery (BM&AG) (grid reference SP066869) is a museum and art gallery in Birmingham England. It has a collection of international importance covering fine art ceramics metalwork jewellery archaeology ethnography local history and industrial history.The museum/gallery is run by Birmingham Museums Trust the largest independent museums trust in the United Kingdom which also runs eight other museums around the city.
 The Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Mumbai City Museum (formerly the Victoria and Albert Museum) is the oldest museum in Mumbai. Situated in Byculla East it was originally established in 1855 as a treasure house of the decorative and industrial arts and was later renamed in honour of Bhau Daji.
 Richard Godfrey House is a historic house located at 62 County Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1750 in the Neck-o-Land section of the town near the Mill River. The 1-1/2 story house is a rare surviving early Gambrel-roofed structure within the city.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Christopher McEwen House was a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places but later was removed from the Register in 1995.It was built in c.1836 and included Federal and Colonial Revival architecture.When listed the property included four contributing buildings and one non-contributing structure on an area of 15 acres (6.1 ha).Its NRHP eligibility was addressed in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.It was removed from the Register in 1995. 
 The Old Santa Susana Stage Road or Santa Susana Wagon Road is a route taken by early travelers between the San Fernando Valley and Simi Valley near Chatsworth California via the Santa Susana Pass.
 The Sterckshof silver museum of the province of Antwerp (Dutch: Zilvermuseum Sterckshof Provincie Antwerpen French: Musée de l'Argenterie de Sterckshof) is located in Sterckshof castle in Deurne Province of Antwerp Belgium.
 The McKinstry's Mills Historic District is a national historic district in Union Bridge located in Carroll and Frederick County Maryland. The district comprises the entirety of the settlement of McKinstry's Mills a 26-acre (110000 m2) hamlet consisting of six separate properties that were owned and developed in the 19th century by the McKinstry family local millers. At the center is a 3 1⁄2-story grist mill constructed in 1844.
 For information on the former shopping centre in Bath England see SouthGate Bath.Southgate Centre is a shopping centre located in south Edmonton Alberta Canada covering just under 1 million square feet. It contains 165 retailers including Hudson's Bay Aritzia Zara Michael Kors BCBGMAXAZRIA Coach Inc. Brown's and Edmonton's only Restoration Hardware and Crate & Barrel.
 The Nelson Avenue-Fort Hill Historic District is a residential neighborhood in northwestern Peekskill New York United States. It contains many late 19th-century homes in relatively intact condition. In 2006 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Virginia Aviation Museum is an aviation museum in Richmond Virginia adjacent to Richmond International Airport (formerly Richard Evelyn Byrd Flying Field). The museum houses a collection of some thirty four airframes both owned and on-loan ranging from reproductions of Wright Brothers kite gliders to the still state-of-the-art SR-71 Blackbird. It is a subsidiary of the Science Museum of Virginia.
 People detained by the International Criminal Court (ICC) are held in the ICC's detention centre which is located within a Dutch prison in Scheveningen The Hague. The ICC was established in 2002 as a permanent tribunal to prosecute individuals for genocide crimes against humanity war crimes and the crime of aggression. As of January 2012 it has issued public arrest warrants for 18 individuals five of whom are currently in custody of the court.
 The Rochester Zen Center (RZC) is a Sōtō and Rinzai Zen Buddhist sangha in the Sanbo Kyodan lineage located in Rochester New York and established in 1966 by Philip Kapleau. It is one of the oldest Zen centers in the United States.[citation needed]
 Future Park Rangsit (Thai: ฟิวเจอร์พาร์ค รังสิต; formerly known as Future Park Plaza Rangsit) is one of Asia's largest malls located on Phahonyothin Road in Pathum Thani a suburb of Bangkok Thailand. The area is a gateway to the provinces of central northern and northeastern Thailand.
 The Home Building Association Bank (or Home Building Association Company) is a historic building located at 6 West Main Street in Newark Ohio and was designed by noted Chicago architect Louis Sullivan. It was one of three banks designed by Sullivan in 1914 the other two being in Grinnell Iowa and in West Lafayette Indiana.
 Goodman Brothers and Hinlein Company is a historic factory building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909 and is an eight-story nine bay reinforced concrete building with brick facing. It has housed a dress trimmings company lithographic printing company and a warehouse.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is a contributing property to the Callowhill Industrial Historic District.
 Poole's Mill Bridge is a historic century-old wooden covered bridge crossing over Settendown Creek in Forsyth County Georgia United States. Circa 1820 Cherokee Chief George Welch constructed a grist mill saw mill and a simple open bridge at the site on this tributary of the Etowah River.
 Dartmouth–Hitchcock Medical Center (DHMC) is New Hampshire's only academic medical center and is headquartered on a 225-acre (91 ha) campus in the heart of the Upper Connecticut River Valley in Lebanon New Hampshire.DHMC is New Hampshire's only Level I trauma center one of only three in northern New England and it includes New Hampshire's only air ambulance service.
 The Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies (AIATSIS) is an independent Australian Government statutory authority. It is Australia's premier institution for information about the cultures and lifestyles of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. It is located on Acton Peninsula in Canberra Australian Capital Territory.
 Central Jail Faisalabad is a jail in Faisalabad Pakistan located on Jaranwala road nearly 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Faisalabad city.
 Dodge Correctional Institution (DCI) is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Waupun Wisconsin. The facility was converted from the Central State Hospital for the Criminally Insane to an adult correctional facility in 1977 at a cost of $2.47 million of general obligation bonds as authorized by Chapter 29 of the Laws of 1977.
 The Mălădia Church (Romanian: Biserica din Mălădia) is a church in Mălădia Romania built in 1908.
 Bank of America Plaza is an office building located in the West Loop area of Chicago Illinois United States. The building was built for ABN AMRO parent company of Chicago financial institution LaSalle Bank. To the east sits Citicorp Center building and to the south residential-complex of Presidential Towers.
 Rotsund Chapel (Norwegian: Rotsund kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nordreisa in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Rotsund. The chapel is part of the Nordreisa parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden chapel was built in 1932 and it was consecrated on 18 September 1932 by the Bishop Eivind Berggrav. The building cost a total of NOK 40200 and it was designed by the Oslo architect Harald Sund.
 Neanderthal Museum is a museum in Mettmann Germany. Located at the site of the first Neanderthal man discovery in the Neandertal it features an exhibit centered on human evolution. The museum was constructed in 1996 to a design by architect Arno Brandlhuber and draws about 170000 visitors per year. The museum also includes an archaeological park on the original discovery site a Stone Age workshop as well as an art trail named human traces.
 The Geneva Mosque also known as the Petit-Saconnex Mosque (French: Mosquée de Genève Mosquée de Petit-Sacconex) was constructed in 1978 in the neighbourhood Le Petit-Saconnex in Geneva Switzerland.The mosque was inaugurated by the Saudi Arabian King Khalid ibn Abd al-Aziz and President of the Swiss Confederation Willi Ritschard and is the largest mosque in Switzerland. The building has space for 1500 worshippers. The Imam of the mosque is Yahya Basalamah.
 The Lehi Ward Tithing Barn-Centennial Hall located behind 651 North 200 East in Lehi Utah was built in 1872. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was moved to its present location in 1880.Tithe barns in Europe are some of the largest and oldest timber frame buildings. They are found in many European countries. In America the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the only known religious group which built tithing barns.
 The Spofford-Barnes House is a historic colonial house at 20 Kelsey Road in Boxford Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1749 by Paul Pritchard a leading citizen of town. It was originally built in a saltbox style but the rear was raised to a full two stories in the 19th century. From 1788 until 1911 the house was in the hands of first the Spofford and then Barnes families.
 Henry G. Brownell House is a historic house located at 119 High Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1893 for Henry G. Brownell by local contractor-builder L.M. Witherell. The Georgian Revival style house features a pavilion front and Palladian entrance with a gambrel roof and large porches.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 and served as an Elks Lodge until early 2014 when it was sold to Arista Development.
 Aliso Village was a housing project in Los Angeles California. It was built in 1942 and demolished 1999. The 29-acre (120000 m2) parcel was replaced by Pueblo del Sol.The complex was owned and managed by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles.
 The Palms Shopping Mall is located on a 45000-square-metre (11-acre) plot of land in Lekki Peninsula in Lagos Nigeria. It has 21000 square metres (5 acres) of lettable retail space. The mall was built on swampland that was reclaimed by the government recently and construction was commissioned by the Oba of Lagos and President Obasanjo. The mall which opened in late 2005 has 69 stores and a modern six screen cinema.
 The Warrior Hotel is a historic structure located in downtown Sioux City Iowa United States. The building is eleven stories tall and rises 128 feet (39 m) above the ground. The building was designed by Kansas City architect Alonzo H. Gentry in the Art Deco style. The brick exterior features terra cotta ornamentation.The hotel opened on December 20 1930 built by the Eppley Hotel Company. Eppley was bought by Sheraton Hotels in 1956 and the hotel was renamed the Sheraton-Warrior.
 The Canadian Broadcasting Centre located in Toronto Ontario is the broadcast headquarters and master control point for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's English-language television and radio services. It also contains studios for local and regional French language productions and is also home to the North American Broadcasters Association.
 The US Post Office–Medford Main is a historic post office at 20 Forest Street in Medford Massachusetts.The post office was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 It is a World First church which is built for st.Therese. It is blessed on April 7 1924.It is in Kottar Diocese India.
 West Point formerly known as Royal Mail House is a 65 metres (213 ft) tall 17-floor tower block located at number 29 of Wellington Street in Leeds West Yorkshire England. It was constructed in 1975 and renovated in 2005 as a huge redevelopment of the old Royal Mail building site following their move to a new south Leeds purpose built sorting centre.
 The Coca-Cola Bottling Plant (also known as the Coca-Cola Building and the Florida Coca-Cola Bottling Company) is an historic one-story redbrick building located at 517 North Main Street in Trenton Gilchrist County Florida. Built in 1925 the building was listed in 1989 in A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture published by the University of Florida Press.
 Harry Fischel House also known as Fairlawn is a historic home located at Hunter in Greene County New York. It was built about 1840 and substantially enlarged in 1904. It is a 2 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay Queen Anne–style dwelling with a 2-story eight- by one-bay rear wing. It features a 2-story engaged corner tower and single-story verandah.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Presidio San Luis de las Amarillas now better known as Presidio of San Sabá was founded in April 1757 near present day Menard Texas United States to protect the Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá established at the same time. The presidio and mission were built to secure Spain's claim to the territory. They were part of the treaty recently reached with the Lipan Apaches of the area for mutual aid against enemies.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is a parish established in Emporia Kansas on February 14 1870 as part of the Episcopal Diocese of Kansas.St. Andrew's first building was constructed in the Fall of 1870 and was of a Gothic Revival style. In 1928 the original building was replaced by a larger Tudor style building.
 Kharkiv Television Tower (Ukrainian: Харків телевежа) most commonly known as the Kharkov TV Tower (Ukrainian: Харківська телевежа) is a 243 m (797 ft) tall steel truss television tower for FM-/TV-broadcasting in Kharkiv Ukraine. It is of similar design of Kiev TV Tower but has legs of a closed metal structure.
 Webster Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Webster in Monroe County New York. It is a large Greek Revival style cobblestone church building built in 1856. The building features an octagonal open domed belfry supported by eight Ionic columns. It has a veneer of small rounded and uniform lake-washed cobbles.
 Sparrow House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in Portland's Woodford's Corner neighborhood it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Sukkat Shalom Synagogue or Belgrade Synagogue (Serbian: Београдска синагога / Beogradska sinagoga) is currently the only fully active Jewish place of worship in Belgrade as other synagogues citywide are not active.It is located in central Belgrade area - near Obilićev Venac Square and central high street Knez Mihailova.On June 15 1924 there was a solemn ceremony for the laying of the cornerstone within which a charter containing texts in Hebrew and Serbian was sealed.
 The Grand Hyatt Hong Kong is a luxury Hyatt hotel in Hong Kong and the Asian flagship of Hyatt International. It has been described in a New York Times travel article as a world-famous prestige property. It opened in 1989 and is located at 1 Harbour Road Wanchai adjacent to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre.
 The Chung-Shan Building (Chinese: 中山樓) is part of the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall complex. Completed in 1966 the building is located in the Yangmingshan National Park in Taipei taiwan. The building is placed on the reverse of the 100 New Taiwan Dollar bill. The building serves as a location for hosting ceremonies by the President of the Republic of China for state visits conferences and was off limits to the general public until 2005.
 The McKinney Cemetery near Tolley North Dakota United States was founded circa 1886. It has also been known as the Renville Valley Pioneer Cemetery. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978. According to its NRHP nomination the cemetery is the oldest cemetery in Renville County and is also the only remaining physical manifestation of the former town of McKinney.
 The Priory Church Leominster Herefordshire England is an Anglican parish church dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul. The building was constructed for a Benedictine Priory in about the 13th century although there had been an Anglo-Saxon monastery in Leominster possibly on the same site.
 Holy Ascension Church Upton by Chester is located in Church Lane Upton by Chester Chester Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Church of St. Angela Merici is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 917 Morris Avenue Bronx New York City. It was established in 1899. It has been staffed by the Apostles of Jesus since 2000.
 All Saints Chapel of the Church of the Good Shepherd is a historic Episcopal chapel in southeastern Raleigh North Carolina United States of America that is part of the Episcopal Free Church of the Good Shepherd. The church branched off of Christ Episcopal Church. The recent move of the church was featured in the News & Observer.
 The Dr. Samuel Warren House is a historic house at 432 Cherry Street in the West Newton village of Newton Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house its southern portion was built c. 1716 by William Williams an early settler of the area and expanded to its present size around 1751. It was originally located near Washington Street but was moved to its present location in the second half of the 19th century.
 St Werburgh's Church Bristol is a former church now a climbing centre in the St Werburghs area of central north-east Bristol England. The area became known as St Werburghs when the church was relocated from Corn Street to Mina Road in 1879. It is now a Climbing Centre run by Undercover Rock where it houses a balcony cafe rock walls and surrounding grounds
 The McManus House  is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The two-story house is built of brick in the Italianate style. The house is three bays wide and the doorway is in the left bay. A porch wraps around the front of the house to the east side. A simple bracketed cornice rings the top of the house.
 The Carl L. Caviness Post 102 American Legion was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and served as a meeting hall. The NRHP listing included two contributing buildings.
 The Al Sufouh Towers is a complex of two buildings in Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The buildings stand at 17 and 36 floors. Construction of the Al Sufouh Towers was completed in 2008.
 The Music Hall Center for Performing Arts is a 1700-seat theatre located in the city's theatre district at 350 Madison Street in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was built in 1928 as the Wilson Theatre designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Octagon Cottage is an octagon house near Rocky Hill Kentucky.Rocky Hill is in Edmonson County but that Octagon Cottage is in Barren instead is suggested by its mention perhaps only in listing at end in the Barren County Multiple Resource Area document.It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St James' Church Stretham is an active Anglican church in the village of Stretham Cambridgeshire England. Founded in the 12th century it was heavily restored by the architect J. P. St Aubyn in 1876. English Heritage a body responsible for preserving historical sites in the United Kingdom assessed the church a Grade II* listed building. The turret clock on the east face of the tower was also made in 1876 by JB Joyce & Co of Whitchurch Shropshire and still keeps good time.
 Park Towers by the Sea are a set of four residential highrise buildlings in Tijuana Baja California. Located in the Playas de Tijuana area of the city Park Towers are the first prominent fixtures on the metropolitan Tijuana coastline north of Rosarito Beach. Upon completion of the first tower the complex became the 10th tallest buildings in the city.
 The Terence Dolan House is a historic house at 478 Prospect Street in Methuen Massachusetts United States. Built in 1900 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20 1984.A Georgian Revival house it is typical of contemporary houses built in the Fair Oaks area in which many local professionals built large houses.
 The Ford Hospital also called the Fifth Avenue Hotel is located at 121 South 25th Street in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1916 the hospital was a privately operated facility built and operated by Dr. Michael J. Ford. Operating until 1922 it was the last small private hospital in the city. Originally designed by James T. Allan the building was sold and remodeled as the Fifth Avenue Hotel in 1929 and again converted in 1987 and currently serves as apartments.
 Leigh Court is a country house which is a Grade II* listed building in Abbots Leigh Somerset England.The manor of Leigh at the time of the Norman Conquest belonged to the lordship of Bedminster but William the Conqueror awarded it to the Bishop of Coutances. The manor house was given in 1118 by Robert Fitzharding to become a house of rest for the abbot and monks of St Augustine's Monastery in Bristol and as Abbot's Leigh it was destinguished from other places named Leigh.
 Brymbo Hall one of Britain's lost houses was a manor house located near Brymbo outside the town of Wrexham North Wales. The house reputed to have been partly built to the designs of Inigo Jones was noted as the residence of 18th-century industrialist and ironmaster John Iron-Mad Wilkinson.
 Albion State Normal School was a public institution of higher learning in Albion Idaho. It was established by the Idaho Legislature in 1893 as one of two Normal schools in the state.
 St John of Jerusalem's Church Winkburn is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Winkburn.
 St John's Church is an Anglican church in Sparkhill Birmingham. St John's is a welcoming multi-ethnic church situated in the heart of Birmingham's Balti Belt it is one of England's most ethnically and religiously diverse parishes.
 Sandøy Church (Norwegian: Sandøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the small island of Sandøya. The church is part of the Sandøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white octagonal wooden church was built in 1812. The church seats about 250 people.
 The Batchelder House is a historic house at 607 Pearl Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1783 by Nathaniel Batchelder on the site of an earlier (c. 1703) home. Batchelder was a farmer and shoemaker and his descendants continued to own the property and be involved in those trades through the 19th century.
 For the Arena in Debrecen Hungary see Fonix Hall.For the replica temple in Hawaii see Byodo-In Temple.Byōdō-in (平等院) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Uji in Kyoto Prefecture Japan. It is jointly a temple of the Jōdo-shū (Pure Land) and Tendai-shū sects.
 The United States Post Office—Lynn Main is a historic post office building at 51 Willow Street in Lynn Massachusetts. It still serves as Lynn's central post office.The two story granite Art Moderne building was built in 1933. It features a central three-bay entry pavilion that projects slightly from the facade; there are pilaster elements flanking and between the windows of this section. On either side of the entry are four-bay wings. The building occupies the entire width of a city block.
 {Iglesia de Santa María (Arzabal) is a church in Asturias Spain.|Iglesia de Santa María (Arzabal) is a church in Asturias Spain.es:Iglesia de Santa María (Arzabal)}
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Stapleford is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Stapleford Leicestershire England (grid reference SK811182). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is situated in the grounds of Stapleford Park.
 The University Club (building) located in downtown Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building was completed in 1913 for the University Club which in Portland was established in 1898.
 Powick Hospital was a psychiatric facility located on 552 acres (2.23 km2) outside the village of Powick Worcestershire. Founded in 1847 as the Worcester County Pauper and Lunatic Asylum it was designed by architects John R. Hamilton & James Medland of Gloucester and opened in August 1852. Situated between Worcester and Malvern on former farmland known as White Chimneys the asylum was originally erected for the accommodation of 200 inmates but was later extended and by 1858 had 365 patients.
 Public School Number Two. is located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 8 1978.
 Ash Hill or Hitching Post Hill is a two-story brick dwelling erected ca. 1840 and located on Rosemary Lane in Hyattsville Prince George's County Maryland. The house was built by Robert Clark an Englishman who was seeking space and quiet in contrast to the crowded city of Washington D.C. In 1875 General Edward Fitzgerald Beale bought the property. Beale entertained luminaries such as President U.S.
 Gammel Dok is a former warehouse located on the waterfront in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen Denmark. It now houses the Danish Architecture Centre and the National Workshops for Art.
 Grange Fell Church commonly referred to by locals as the Fell Church is a Church of England church in the Grange Fell area of Grange-over-Sands Cumbria England. It was built in 1907. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary Allithwiate St Mary and St Michael Cartmel St Peter Field Broughton St John the Baptist Flookburgh St Paul Grange-over-Sands and St Paul Lindale to form the benefice of Cartmel Peninsula.
 San Jose Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church located at 7423 San Jose Boulevard in the San Jose section of Jacksonville Florida in the United States. It was built in 1925 as the San Jose Estates Administration Building. On April 10 1985. it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the San Jose Administration Building.
 Durfee Mills is an historic textile mill complex located at 359-479 Pleasant Street in Fall River Massachusetts.Mill No. 1 was built in 1866 for the manufacture of cotton cloth. The company was named in honor of Major Bradford Durfee. The mill complex is the largest and most complete in the city. Mill No. 2 was added in 1871 and Mill No. 3 in 1881 raising the capacity to 109360 spindles. It produced 23 million yards of cotton cloth annually.The company was liquidated in 1935.
 Santa Giustina di Venezia is a church building in the sestiere of Castello Venice. It no longer functions as a church.It was initially rebuilt in the second half of the 15th century by Augustinian nuns. The Convent was suppressed in 1896. The building garlanded with Istrian marble was initially commissioned by the procurator of St. Mark Giovanni Soranzo who asked Baldassare Longhena to design and build the church in 1636-77.
 The Tour Défense 2000 is one of the tallest dwellings in France. The tower is situated in the La Défense section of Puteaux a suburb of Paris.The tower was constructed between April 1971 and November 1974. Its success as a residence was not immediate: two years into its opening only a quarter of its apartments had been sold.
 Deeper Christian Life Ministry (also known as Deeper Life Bible Church) is a non-denominational Christian Church with its international headquarters in Lagos Nigeria. It is overseen by the General Superintendent of Deeper Life Bible Church Pastor William Folorunso Kumuyi. It is a Holiness-Pentecostal church with an emphasis on holy living.
 The Chincoteague Fire Department is a historic U.S. building located at 4026/4028 Main Street Chincoteague Island Virginia. This building was initially constructed in 1930 and expanded in 1957. The Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Company operates from this building with approximately 25 active and 85 life members with (4) pumper engines (1) 75 foot ladder (1) rescue truck and (2) advanced life saving ambulances.
 Morriston Hospital is a 750-bed hospital located in Cwmrhydyceirw near Morriston in Swansea Wales. Morriston is the largest hospital in the city and county of Swansea and is operated by Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board. Alongside its role as a district general hospital Morriston is a teaching hospital for medical students of Swansea University School of Medicine.
 The Centro Cultural Miguel Ángel Asturias commonly called Teatro Nacional is a cultural center in Guatemala City Guatemala. It is located in the Centro Cívico (Civic Center) of the city and was built in the same place of the old Fuerte de San José. Its form which emulates a seated jaguar stands out from the adjacent buildings. The complex which was designed by architect Efrain Recinos was completed in 1978.The center is named for Guatemalan writer and Nobel Laurate Miguel Ángel Asturias.
 St John the Baptist's Church Flookburgh is in Station Road in the village of Flookburgh on the Cartmel Peninsula in Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Windermere the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle.
 Al-Qaiqan Mosque (Arabic: جامع القيقان‎) -meening the Mosque of the Crows- is one of the oldest surviving mosques in Aleppo Syria. It is located in the western part of the Ancient City of Aleppo within the historic walls of the city to the north of the Gate of Antioch.
 Church of the Nativity of the Virgin in Bogatić is the Serbian Orthodox Church built in 1856 on the foundations where the old building once stood.
 Rudolph Blankenburg School is a historic school building located in the Mill Creek neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1925. It is a three-story nine bay by five bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style.
 The former Indian River Baptist Church built in 1853 is an historic wooden Italianate building located on State Route 187 in the Indian River section of Addison Maine in the United States. On June 23 1988 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Devín Castle (Slovak: hrad Devín or Devínsky hrad Hungarian: Dévényi vár German: Burg Theben) is a castle in Devín which is a borough of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia.Owing to its strategic position the cliff (altitude of 212 meters) at the confluence of the Danube and Morava rivers was an ideal place for a fort. Its owner could control the important trade route along the Danube as well as one branch of the Amber Road.
 San Giovanni dei Fieri is an ancient church in Pisa Italy located on Via Pietro Gori on the left bank of the Arno. In the 12th century it was known as San Giovannino. In 1614 the church was renovated by the architect Cosimo Pugliani. The church belonged to the Order of St John of Jerusalem which also owned the church of Santo Sepolcro. The church currently belongs to the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery is one of the oldest monastic institutions belonging to the Romanian Orthodox Church. The monastery is attested from the 12th century. It was initially founded on the northern bank of the lower Mureş River (in western Romania between the current city of Arad and the Hungarian border).The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery was first recorded in a charter document of the Arad chapter of the church dated 1177.
 House at 240 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1888 and is an irregularly shaped 2 1⁄2-story house with a multiple cross-gabled roof in the Late Victorian style. The 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed east wing was added in 1908. It features a 3-story central tower with a tent roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St. Elizabeth's Convent formerly known as the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament for Indians and Colored People and now the home to Saint Katharine Drexel Mission Center and National Shrine is a historic Roman Catholic convent located at 1663 Bristol Pike in Cornwells Heights Bensalem Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The complex was built in 1892 and consists of three contributing buildings.
 John C. Breckinridge Memorial on the courthouse lawn of Lexington Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS. It commemorates John C. Breckinridge who had been born and died in Lexington. He was Vice President for James Buchanan and ran against Abraham Lincoln in the election of 1860 winning nine Southern states.
 Chrudim Regional Museum (in Czech Regionální muzeum v Chrudimi) collects historical materials and artisan works related to the area around city of Chrudim Czech Republic (Chrudimsko).
 One Charles Center is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 23-story aluminum and glass International Style skyscraper designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and constructed in 1962. It was the first modernistic office tower in Baltimore and the keynote of the city’s nationally recognized downtown urban renewal movement and Charles Center. The base consists of a concrete-faced podium topped by a paved plaza with the T-shaped office tower atop.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Ogden Utah was built in 1909 with Classical Revival architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Sleepy Hollow Farm is a historic home located near Leesburg Loudoun County Virginia. The house was built in two phases one in 1769 and another about 1820. The original section is a two-story side-gable three-bay stone dwelling with a side gable roof. The interior exhibits stylistic influences of the Federal style. Attached to it is a one-story two-bay stone addition built about 1820. It has a one-story section added about 1980.
 The Nystrom Guest House at 333 Ralston St. in Reno Nevada was built in 1875 as a grand home for Washoe County Clerk JohnShoemaker. It includes Gothic Revival architecture. Also known as the Shoemaker Home it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.The house was reoriented 90 degrees—moved—to allow a subdivision of its original parcel c.1900. The Nystrom family purchased the house in 1944.
 The Art Gallery at the University of Maryland is a contemporary art gallery on the campus of the University of Maryland College Park. Founded in 1955 the Gallery was initially housed in the Tawes Building before moving to a newly constructed exhibition facility in the Arts-Sociology Building in 1976. Over 1500 prints drawings paintings sculptures and photographs make up the Gallery's Permanent Collection.
 St. Jude's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 301 North Main Street in Monroe City Missouri.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Yard-Groesbeck House at 157 W 200 S in Springville Utah was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was built originally as a one-story Victorian T-cottage but was soon expanded to a two-story house.
 St. Thaddeus (Armenian: Դդմաշենի Սուրբ Թադևոս եկեղեցի) is a 7th-century Armenian church located in the village of Ddmashen in Gegharkunik Province Armenia. The church has a cross-domed structure. The earthquake of 1907 destroyed the church but was rebuilt in a different style to that of the original.
 The John Miley Maphis House is a historic home located near Edinburg Shenandoah County Virginia. It was built in 1856 and is a frame two-story gable-roofed L-shaped vernacular Italianate style dwelling. The interior features unusual boldly scaled grain painted late-Greek Revival interior woodwork. Also on the property are the contributing frame bank barn with forebay (c. 1870) a one-story frame wash house with gable roof and forebay (c.
 The Cooper Hospital is a public hospital located in Juhu Mumbai India. It is owned by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation and is operated under a public-private partnership.It was started in 1969 as a maternity home before it was converted into a full fledged general hospital in 1970.The hospital underwent massive reconstruction after the original building was declared unfit for use in 1999.
 The Quay Arts Centre is located at the head of the River Medina in Newport in the centre of the Isle of Wight. It is the island's leading art gallery and venue for live events.The complex features three art galleries a 134 capacity theatre a crafts shop conferencing facilities and a cafe and was fully refurbished in 1997 by architect Tony Fretton. The Quay Arts owns and operates Jubilee Stores also located on Newport Quay.
 The Eighth Regiment Armory located in the Black Metropolis-Bronzeville District of Chicago Illinois was the first armory in the United States built for an African-American military regiment known as the Fighting 8th. The building later was used by a division of the Illinois National Guard and during World War I was incorporated into the US Infantry. After closing the armory in the early 1960s it became the South Central Gymnasium.
 The Museum of the Shenandoah Valley is located at 901 Amherst Street Winchester Virginia. The Museum interprets the art history and culture of the great valley for which it is named. This regional museum complex includes a historic house dating to the 18th century six acres of spectacular gardens and a museum designed by internationally recognized architect Michael Graves. The museum is open year-round and the house and gardens are open March through November. All are open 10 a.m.
 The William Hodgson Two-Family House is or was a historic house at 103-105 Sayles Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival duplex was built sometime between 1855 and 1870. At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 it was one of two well-preserved multifamily houses of the period on Sayles Street. It appears to have been demolished to make way for expansion of the nearby hospital grounds.
 Rice City Historic District is a historic district in Coventry Rhode Island.The district features Greek Revival and Federal era architecture. Ricy City was a rural village in the northwestern part of Coventry dominated by Rice Tavern (1804) which used to serve travelers on their way to Connecticut. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Vivanta by Taj—Surya Coimbatore is a five-star hotel in Coimbatore India. It is a 9-storied hotel one of the tallest star hotels in Coimbatore. It is located on Race Course Road.
 Huron Plaza is a 560ft (171m) tall skyscraper n Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1983 and has 56 floors. Gordon and Levin designed the building which is the 51st tallest in Chicago. It was the first residential high rise in the Near North Side's Cathedral District.
 Whitefield's sometimes Whitfield's Tabernacle (grid reference ST648738) is a former Calvinistic Methodist and Congregational (now United Reformed) church in Kingswood a town on the eastern edge of Bristol where George Whitefield preached in the open air to coal miners.
 St. Paul’s Church Leamington Spa is a Grade II listed parish church in Leamington Spa England.
 The Classroom Laboratory & Administration Building commonly known simply as the CLA Building is a building on the campus of California State Polytechnic University Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona). Designed by Albuquerque New Mexico-based architect Antoine Predock in the Futurist style and completed in 1993 it has come to be the defining image of the university.
 The National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Library and Museum is the national memorial to President William McKinley located in Niles Ohio. Also known as the McKinley Memorial Library Museum & Birthplace Home the Memorial is a 232 foot by 136 foot by 38 foot marble monument with two wings. One houses the McKinley Memorial Library which is a public library.
 Houck Farmhouse is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built circa 1850 and is a two story frame farmhouse with a one and one half story ell in the Greek Revival style. The ell features eyebrow windows and has an enclosed pedimented portico.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Frank Golden Block at Brougher and Main Sts. in Tonopah Nevada is a historic building that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It was deemed significant as the first substantial stone commercial building built in Tonopah for its association with businessman/banker Frank Golden and for its architecture. It was designed and built by George E. Holesworth.
 The Regional Railway Museum is a railway museum in Chennai India. The museum was founded in 2002 on the premises of the Integral Coach Factory at Perambur near South Colony near Villivakkam. It is situated near ICF bus terminus and has a host of both technical and heritage exhibits. It has a sizable collection of steam engines belonging to various decades of the British Raj. The museum also exhibits various vintage coaches such as Ooty trains endemic to the Indian railways.
 The Tel Aviv City Hall (Hebrew בית עיריית תל אביב - יפו) is the center of the government of Tel Aviv Israel and houses the mayor's office and the meeting chambers and offices of the Tel Aviv City Council.
 The Trans-Canyon Telephone line in Grand Canyon National Park crosses the Grand Canyon from the South Rim to the North Rim via the Inner Canyon. The lines were constructed in 1934 and altered in 1938-39 by the Civilian Conservation Corps and have been unchanged since their installation. Telephone lines are supported using 592 assemblies of 2-inch (5.1 cm) galvanized pipes and fittings which could be easily transported and assembled with minimal impact to the canyon environment.
 Mostowski Palace (Polish: Pałac Mostowskich) is an 18th-century palace in Warsaw Poland located at ul. Nowolipie 2 (2 Nowolipie Street) — prior to World War II at ul. Przejazd 15.
 Port Hudson National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Port Hudson 20 miles (32 km) north of the city of Baton Rouge in East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana. It encompasses 19.9 acres (8.1 ha) and as of the end of 2007 had 12718 interments.The Port Hudson Battlefield including the cemetery is a National Historic Landmark. It is also a designated site on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail.
 The Kingsway Shopping Centre is the principal under-cover shopping centre in the city of Newport Wales. It has several levels and includes a range of high street shops and privately owned boutiques. It is also home to the city's museum art gallery and Newport Central library.
 Alaska Central Railroad Tunnel No. 1 is a historic railroad tunnel located north of Seward Alaska in the Kenai Peninsula. The tunnel was dug in 1906 and served the Alaska Central Railroad and later the Alaska Railroad until the route in the area known as the Loop District was rerouted in 1951.
 The Village at Riverwatch is a planned lifestyle center located in Augusta Georgia (United States).
 Basilica de San Martin de Tours is a Minor Basilica in the town of Taal Batangas in the Philippines within the Archdiocese of Lipa. It is considered to be the largest church in the Philippines and in Asia standing 88.6 metres (291 ft) long and 48 metres (157 ft) wide. St. Martin of Tours is the patron saint of Taal whose fiesta is celebrated every November 11.
 The Indianapolis Museum of Art (known colloquially as the IMA) is an encyclopedic art museum located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. The museum which underwent a $74 million expansion in 2005 is located on a 152-acre (0.62 km2) campus on the near northwest area outside downtown Indianapolis northwest of Crown Hill Cemetery.The Indianapolis Museum of Art is the ninth oldest and eighth largest encyclopedic art museum in the United States.
 The Schultz Building formerly the Atlantic National Bank Annex is a historic building in Jacksonville Florida United States. It was built between 1925 and 1926 for the Atlantic National Bank as an annex to the Atlantic National Bank Building located immediately behind it. It stands at 118 West Adams Street and was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1997 as part of the Downtown Jacksonville Multiple Property Submission.
 The TripleOne Somerset (Chinese: 新加坡能源大厦; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō néngyuán dàshà) is a high-rise commercial building and shopping mall on Somerset Road in Orchard Singapore. The building was first known as Public Utilities Board Building (PUB Building) until 1995 and was later known as Singapore Power Building until 2008 when acquired by YTL Corporation Pacific Star. It currently houses the corporate headquarters of Singapore Power.
 The Hospital of St John and St Elizabeth is an English independent hospital located in St John's Wood London. It is informally known as John & Lizzie's.
 Byåsen Church (Norwegian: Byåsen kirke historically Hallset Church) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in Hallset in the Byåsen area of the city of Trondheim on the western side of the Nidelva river. The church is part of the Byåsen parish in the Byåsen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The hexagonal concrete church was built in 1974 and it was consecrated on 1 December 1974 by the bishop Tord Godal.
 Bethlehem Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at Wall and Gilmore Streets in Barnwell South Carolina.The Eclectic style building was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Valhalla Cinema was a repertory and arthouse movie theatre in Melbourne Victoria Australia. Noted for audience participation films it was named for Valhalla the Hall of the slain in Norse mythology.
 Holmes-Hendrickson House is located in Holmdel Township Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1754 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 26 1978.The house is one of several houses owned and operated as a historic house museum by the Monmouth County Historical Association. It is open seasonally.
 Ellen Fairclough Building 20-storey (94 m) high rise office building built in 1981 is the 4th tallest building in Hamilton Ontario Canada. It's situated on the corner of King Street East and MacNab Street South.The building was first known as the Convention Centre when it first opened up in 1981. One year later in 1982 it was renamed the Ellen Fairclough Building. Ellen Fairclough was a Hamiltonian and the first female member of the Canadian Cabinet.
 Harnsberger Farm also known as Golden Creek Farm has two historic homes and farm located near Shenandoah Rockingham County Virginia. The main house was built between 1859 and 1861 and is a two-story three bay brick Italianate style I-house. A library and bathroom were added in the early-20th century. The house features decorative interior painting which probably dates from the 1890s.
 The Armstrong House is a historic house located at 60 Brooklyn Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It was built in the Italianate style in 1875 during North Adams' industrial boom time. It was built for W. W. Armstrong a worker at the Arnold Print Works. It is one of the best-preserved Italianate houses in the area.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Pickens County Courthouse in Carrollton Alabama is the courthouse for Pickens County Alabama. It is famous for a ghostly image that can be seen in one of its windows claimed to be the face of Henry Wells who allegedly was falsely accused of burning down the town's previous courthouse and was lynched in 1878.
 Nørre Galten Church (Danish: Nørre Galten Kirke) is a Danish church located in Nørre Galten Denmark. The church is located a few kilometres north of Hadsten 12 kilometres south of Randers. The church was built in the 12th century.
 The Regatta is a 44-story high-rise designed by DeStefano + Partners and developed by Magellan Development Group. Completed in 2006 The Regatta is located at 420 E. Waterside Drive in the Lakeshore East area of Chicago. The tower's dual elliptical glass curtain walls were designed to reflect the surrounding blues of the Chicago River and Lake Michigan.The building is currently planning buildout of a 4000 square foot gym facility on the first floor.
 The Textile Museum (Indonesian: Museum Tekstil) houses a collection of textiles from various islands in Indonesia. The museum is located in Jakarta Indonesia.
 Barclay House also known as the Bedford Mansion is a historic home located at Bedford in Bedford County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 and is a 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with Gothic and Italianate style details. It has a jerkin-head gable roof. It once housed the Bedford County Public Library.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Dunbar–Stearns House is a historic house at 209 Linden Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2-story wood frame house was built c. 1846 by Peter Dunbar and was originally Greek Revival in character. It had a fully pedimented gable with a single-story porch that was supported by columns that apparently wrapped around the building. The house was purchased in 1892 by Joseph Stearns who had the house completely remodeled to achieve its present Queen Anne styling.
 The Mary W. Adams House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Highland Park Illinois in 1905. The Adams House is a plaster-surfaced wood-frame house built for Wright's oldest client.
 The St. Luke's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1843 and reconstructed in 1904. It is a two-story brick Gothic Revival style building. It has a one-story chancel and battlemented three-story tower. It features stained glass lancet windows. Concrete buttresses were installed in 1943. St. Luke’s was organized by the Rev. Corry Chambers in 1835 from the remnants of the former St. Mary’s congregation.
 Eastcote House Gardens is an area of public parkland in Eastcote within the London Borough of Hillingdon. The site covers 3.63 hectares (9 acres)and incorporates the walled garden dovecote and coach house of Eastcote House. The house was demolished by the Ruislip-Northwood Urban District Council (RNUDC) the predecessor of the London Borough of Hillingdon.
 The Ten Curves Road–Manistique River Bridge was a bridge carrying Ten Curves Road over the Manistique River in Germfask Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 and was demolished in 2013.
 St Barnabas' Church Mossley Hill is in Smithdown Place Mossley Hill Liverpool Merseyside England. It stands at the junction of Allerton Road Smithdown Road and Penny Lane. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Liverpool South Childwall the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. The benefice is united with those of St Matthew and St James Mossley Hill and All Hallows Allerton to form the Mossley Hill Team.
 The Array Operations Center (AOC) in Socorro New Mexico is the control and monitor center for the Very Long Baseline Array. From the AOC National Radio Astronomy Observatory operators are able to remotely control and monitor the ten VLBA telescope stations over the internet. The operators aim the antennas select radio frequencies for observation control the hard drives and monitor the weather and 'health' of the equipment at every site.
 The Wetherbee House is a historic house at 357 Crescent Street in Waltham Massachusetts. It was built in 1892 by Frank W. Wetherbee who at the time was the foreman of the Dial Department of the Waltham Watch Factory and is one of the city's most elaborate Queen Anne Victorians.
 The Rotary Centre for the Arts is an arts centre located in the heart of the Cultural District of Kelowna British Columbia Canada. It is a multidisciplinary visual and performing arts centre where the community can experience artists and performers in action or take part in courses and workshops in visual art dance theatre music and festivals year-round.
 Bel Air Presbyterian Church is a Christian megachurch located in the Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles California. The church is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) currently averages more than 3000 in attendance each weekend.
 Peace and Harvest are two 8-foot (2.4 m) tall limestone statues in downtown Peoria Illinois USA. The male and female figures represent peace and harvest respectively.
 The Sofitel Legend Old Cataract Hotel also known as the Old Cataract Hotel is a historic British colonial-era 5-star luxury resort hotel located on the banks of the River Nile in Aswan Egypt.
 Hamburg Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Hamburg Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938-1939 and is a T-shaped building consisting of a 3 1/2-story front administration section and 2 1/2-story rear drill hall. A one-story addition was constructed in 1972. The building is executed in the Art Deco style. It is constructed of brick and sits on a concrete foundation.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Hallock–McMillan Building also known as the Hallock and McMillan Building is the first and oldest commercial brick building in downtown Portland Oregon in the United States. It was designed by Absalom Hallock and completed in 1857.
 Robinsons Place Dasmariñas is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Land the second largest mall operator in the Philippines. It is the 13th mall opened by Robinsons and the 2nd mall in Cavite province. Located within the corners of the most busiest highways in the province this 3-level shopping mall has over 150 shops dining outlets entertainment facilities and service centers. Across the structure is its rival mall SM City Dasmariñas.
 The Machias Valley Grange No. 360 is a Queen Anne style building that was built in 1907 in Machias Maine. It was formerly a Grange Hall building. It served historically as a meeting hall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 St Matthew's Church Stretton is in the village of Stretton Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. Its benefice is combined with that of St Cross Appleton Thorn.
 Francis W. Kennedy House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Frank Miles Day (1861–1918) and built in 1889. It is a 2 1/2-story Shingle Style dwelling. It features a gambrel roof projecting bays and dormers a corner turret and porches.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Beaman and Smith Company Mill is an historic mill at 20 Gordon Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1898 by Berlin Iron Bridge Company and added to the National Historic Register in 2006.
 Gulf Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad Passenter Station is located on 1501 Jones Street in Fort Worth Texas. The depot was built by the Gulf Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad (a subsidiary of the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway) in 1900 and renovated in 1938. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. From 1973 to 1995 it was used as an Amtrak station.
 Hokes Mill Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge at Ronceverte Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built between 1897 and 1899 and measures 12 feet wide and 81.6 feet long. It has red board-and-batten siding and a standing seam metal roof. It is one of two remaining covered bridges in Greenbrier County the other being Herns Mill Covered Bridge.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Salem Church (also known as German Evangelical Salem Church and Salem United Church of Christ) is a historic church in Sardis Ohio.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 The Bragg-Mitchell Mansion also known as the Bragg-Mitchell House is a historic house museum in Mobile Alabama. It was built in 1855 by Judge John Bragg and is one of the most photographed buildings in the city as well as one of the more popular tourist attractions. The house has been attributed to John's brother a local Alabama architect Alexander J. Bragg.
 Wintergarden is a shopping centre located in the city of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It was opened by the Premier of Queensland the Honourable Joh Bjelke-Petersen in 1982. It contains over 60 specialty stores over three levels. The Centre was developed initially by the Kern Corporation Limited and constructed by subsidiary Kern Construction and was the brainchild of the then MD Mr. V.B. Paul; it was intended to create a retail focus to the Brisbane Commonwealth Games held in 1982.
 St Paul's Church West Derby is located in Town Row West Derby a suburb of Liverpool Merseyside England. It ia an active Roman Catholic parish church in Pastoral Area 5 of the Archdiocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Bergdoll House is a historic home located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted architect James H. Windrim and built in 1886. It is in a Beaux Arts / Italianate-style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Zemaljski Muzej Bosne i Hercegovine) is located in central Sarajevo the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was established in 1888 having originally been conceived around 1850. In 1913 the museum was enlarged by the Czech architect Karel Pařík who designed a structure of four symmetric pavilions with a facade in Italian Renaissance architecture.
 The 'Chamber of Commerce situated in Douala Cameroon is a building constructed between 1927 and 1928 under the French mandate under the umbrella of the League of Nations. This building has art nouveau tardif architectural style.
 Wheatland is the common name of a house built in 1838 in the Knob Creek Historic District near present-day Johnson City. Also known as the William P.
 The Reisterstown Road Plaza usually known since its inception simply as The Plaza is a shopping center and mall located near the Reisterstown Plaza Metro Subway Station. Originally built as an outdoor shopping center (with two parallel rows of stores between the original anchors Hecht's and Stewarts) in recent years much of its structure has been converted into an indoor mall and outdoor shopping center with big box stores.
 Church of the Nativity of the Virgin (Croatian: Hram svetog NikoleSerbian Cyrillic: Храм светог Николе) in Srijemske Laze is a Serbian Orthodox church in Vukovar-Syrmia County in eastern Croatia. Church is dedicated to Nativity of Mary and was built in 1793. The building is listed in Register of Cultural Goods of Croatia.During the hitory building was renewed three times in 1792 1925 and 2003. Iconostasis with 21 icon was built in 1926.
 HM Prison Moorland (formerly HM Prison Moorland Closed) is a Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution near Hatfield Woodhouse in South Yorkshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is jointly managed with the nearby Hatfield Prison.
 Concord Repatriation General Hospital (abbreviated CRGH) commonly referred to as simply Concord Hospital is a major hospital in Sydney Australia located on Hospital Road in Concord. It is a teaching hospital of Sydney Medical School at the University of Sydney where it is referred to as Concord Clinical School and a major facility in the Sydney Local Health District and the former Sydney South West Area Health Service.
 The National Taiwan Science Education Center (NTSEC; Chinese: 國立臺灣科學教育館; pinyin: Guólì Táiwān Kēxué Jiàoyùguǎn) is an educational center in Shilin District Taipei Taiwan. The mission of the center is to promote the teaching of applied science throughout Taiwan.
 The Salpa Line Museum (in Finnish: Salpalinja-museo in Russian: Музей линии Салпа) is established and opened in 1987 by the Miehikkälä municipality and the second world war veteran organisations. It is the first museum established belonging to the museums of Miehikkälä. The other museum is Miehikkälän kotiseutumuseo The Miehikkala local arts-and-crafts museum which was established in 1989 and is in the same building as the Engineers Museum.
 Weona Park Carousel also known as Dentzel Stationary Menagerie Carousel is a historic carousel located at Pen Argyl Northampton County Pennsylvania. The carousel and its pavilion were built in 1923. The carousel is housed in a wooden one story pavilion measuring 20 feet high at center and 80 feet in diameter with 24 sections each 10 feet 6 inches wide. The carousel has 44 animals and 2 sleighs standing three abreast. They were originally hand carved and painted in the 1890s c.
 East Stroudsburg Armory also known as the Captain George M. Kemp Memorial Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at East Stroudsburg Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1928 and is a T-plan building consisting of a two-story administration building and attached one-story drill hall executed in the Tudor Revival style. It is constructed of brick and sits on a concrete foundation.
 Amber is The Landmark Mandarin Oriental's modern French restaurant. Richard Ekkebus is the current executive chef.
 The Paradise Valley Ranger Station located at 355 S. Main St. in Paradise Valley Nevada serves the Humboldt National Forest and was built in 1933. It was designed by the U.S. Forest Service architects and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It has also been known as the Paradise Valley Guard Station. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Sandcliff Hotel is an AA 3 star hotel located on the seafront in the English town of Cromer within the county of Norfolk United Kingdom.
 North Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Worthington Massachusetts. The 3.5 acres (1.4 ha) municipal cemetery is located at the corner of Cold and North Streets not far from Worthington Corners; it is the town's largest cemetery. About 2.5 acres (1.0 ha) have been formally laid out in a roughly rectangular shape. Its date of establishment is uncertain; its earliest grave marker dates to 1790.
 Swan Pond also known as Folkland and the Dr. Edward O. Williams House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built after 1810 and has a 2 1/2 story five bay wide brick main section with a brick wing. The house is in a transitional Georgian / Federal-style. Also on the property is a 19th-century log outbuilding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It is located in the Swan Pond Manor Historic District.
 Hildreth-Lord-Hawley Farm also known as Pittsford Farms is a historic home and farm complex located at Pittsford in Monroe County New York. The 2 1⁄2-story five-by-three-bay farmhouse was constructed in about 1814 and remodeled in the 1860s in the Italianate style. The property also includes a contributing dairy creamery / ice house tenant house smoke house blacksmith shop and wagon shed.
 Palmetto Health Baptist Columbia (Formerly Baptist Medical Center) is a 489-bed acute-care facility located at the intersection of Taylor and Marion Streets in Downtown Columbia South Carolina. The hospital was established in 1914 as South Carolina Baptist Hospital by the South Carolina Baptist Convention after the widow of Dr. Augustus B.
 The Four Seasons Hotel & Residences is a 121 m (397 ft) mixed-used development at 757 Market Street in San Francisco California near Moscone Center. Completed in January 2001 the tower is the first skyscraper in the 21st century to be completed in the city.
 The New Street Works were built for the Marconi Company in Chelmsford England in 1912 credited as being the first purpose-built radio factory in the world.
 The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House is located in Watertown Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 New Ringgold Gristmill is a historic grist mill located at East Brunswick Township Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1852 and is a small 2 1/2-story rectangular building. It is constructed of wood and native stone and has a medium gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Wells Fargo Building is a mixed-use facility located in Downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as American Commercial and Savings Bank its original name. The building houses commercial office and residential space. It is the tallest building in the Quad Cities.
 Thomas Mott Shaw Estate is an historic house in 317 Garfield Road in Concord Massachusetts.The house was built in 1909 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The Libratory is New Zealand's first dedicated steampunk art gallery and was created by Oamaruvian artist Damien McNamara (also known under the pseudonym Damotimus Tipotus). Opened in November 2010 it provides the local steampunk population a gallery in which to display their artwork and sculptures. The venue is located on the first floor of The Woolstore next to Steampunk HQ and hosts monthly swap meets where the district's steampunkers exchange ideas sell goods and model their fashions.
 The Centennial Work Center in Medicine Bow National Forest near Centennial Wyoming was built in 1938. It was built to replace the nearby Centennial Ranger Station. It was designed by USDA Forest Service Region 2 in USFS rustic architecture and served as a government office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture.
 Ravenswood is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983. It dates from 1825 and is named for Sam Houston known as the Raven to Indians. Sam Houston attended the 1821 wedding of James Hazard Wilson II and his bride Emeline.
 Newgate Prison was a place of detention in Dublin until its closure in 1863. It was initially located at Cornmarket near Christ Church Cathedral on the south side of the Liffey and was originally one of the city gates.
 The Cherry House in North Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1930. It is associated with architect Frank Carmean and with Justin Matthews. It is Colonial Revival in style.
 The Harris Warehouse is an historic site on 61 Railroad Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The warehouse was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Harrington Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Conneaut Township Erie County Pennsylvania. It crosses the west branch of Conneaut Creek. It is a 72-foot-long (22 m) King post truss bridge. It was constructed about 1870 and rebuilt in 1962.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Hartman Cider Press is a historic cider press located in Pike Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The cider press and one-story plain wood frame building on a stone foundatuion built about 1835. The building measures 35 feet by 15 feet and has a gable roof. It was moved from its original location in Muhlenberg Township 11 miles to the Keim Homestead in 1975.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Haring-Eberle House is a historic home located at Palisades in Rockland County New York. It took its present form about 1865 and is a distinctive example of Gothic Revival style residential design. Also on the property is a carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Chinese Cultural Centre is a building in Calgary Alberta Canada. It is located on the north-eastern side of downtown and was completed in September 1992.The centre piece of the complex is the Dr. Henry Fok Cultural Hall a building modeled after the Hall of Prayers of the Temple of Heaven in Beijing. The 70 foot (21 m) high ceiling is decorated with 561 dragons and 40 phoenixes. It is supported by 4 columns with gold ornamentation representing each season.
 The U.S. Post Office-Manchester Main also known as Manchester Main Post Office is a building in Manchester Connecticut that was built in 1931. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Colonial Revival Classical Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.It has a unique design prompted by difficulties of its location credited to United States Supervising Architect James Wetmore. It was built by Pieretti Brothers contractors.
 Casa Vives (Vives House) is a historic building located in the Ponce Historic Zone in Ponce Puerto Rico across from the Plaza de Mercado de Ponce. The home was designed and built by Juan Bertoli Calderoni for Carlos Vives a prominent local merchant and owner of Hacienda Buena Vista. The home was built in 1860 in the neoclassical style making it one of the first brick and mortar homes built in the city. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on 13 February 2013.
 Blanch's Café was a café in Stockholm Sweden located in a now demolished building on Hamngatan.The house that houses the establishment was built in 1866 according to plans of the architect Albert Törnqvist and was originally intended to house an exhibition and create studio space with large windows in the building's upper floors. The Art Society in Stockholm moved into the premises on 1868. However Governor Theodore Blanch (1835-1911) opened Blanch's cafe on the ground floor in July 1868.
 The First Baptist Church in Newton built in 1888 is an historic church building located at 848 Beacon Street in the village of Newton Centre in Newton Massachusetts. On April 15 1982 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ellicott’s Stone also known as the Ellicott Stone is a boundary marker in northern Mobile County Alabama. It was placed on April 10 1799 by a joint U.S.-Spanish survey party headed by Andrew Ellicott. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 11 April 1973.It is the only known stone monument set by Ellicott when he surveyed the 31st parallel north latitude which served as the boundary line between the Mississippi Territory in the United States and Spanish West Florida.
 The American Legion Hall in Searcy Arkansas was built in 1939. It served historically as a meeting hall. It is an example of WPA architecture (try Works Progress Administration architecture) having been designed/built by the Works Progress Administration. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Emery Farmstead (also known as Chancellor-Emery Farmstead) is an historic farm in Port Angeles Washington.The farm was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Island Blossom is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1892 by William Sidney Covington in Tilghman Maryland. She is a 32 ft 7.5 in (9.944 m) sailing log canoe with a beam of 6 feet 7.5 inches (2.019 m). Double-ended her bow is sharp with a straight slightly raking stem and a longhead and she has a sharp stern. The canoe is privately owned by the family of Mr. Covington and races under No. 9.
 The Carnegie Library in Sheldon Iowa is a building from 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Deutsche Bank Place is a 240 m (790 ft) skyscraper in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is located at 126 Phillip Street (corner of Hunter Street) in the north-eastern end of the central business district across the road from Chifley Tower. Construction began in 2002 and was completed in 2005. The building's architect is Norman Foster of Foster and Partners.
 Springfield National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Springfield in Greene County Missouri. It encompasses 18.1 acres (7.3 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 14685 interments.
 Beth Sholom Congregation and Talmud Torah (BSCTT) is a Modern Orthodox synagogue on Seven Locks Road in Potomac Maryland. It is led by Rabbi Nissan Antine.
 The Strand Theater is an abandoned neighborhood movie theater located at 5129–5131 Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue Northeast Washington D.C. in the Deanwood neighborhood.
 St. Mark's Church Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England in Mansfield Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
 The Densu Building or Dentsu Headquarters Building (電通本社ビル Dentsū Honsha Biru) is a high-rise building in the Shiodome area of Minato Tokyo Japan. The building houses the corporate offices of Dentsu.48 floors rise to 213.34 m (700 ft) it is the eleventh-tallest building in Tokyo and second-tallest in Shiodome.[citation needed] It was designed by French architect Jean Nouvel and completed in 2002.
 Thomas' Methodist Episcopal Chapel also known as Thomas Chapel is a historic Methodist chapel and cemetery located near Chapeltown in Kent County Delaware. The site was the location of the freedman Harry Hosier's 1784 sermon the first to be delivered by an American black directly to a white congregation.The present structure was originally built in 1825 and remodeled in 1877. It is a small one-story three-bay by three-bay gable-roofed brick building in the Greek Revival style.
 The John S. Russwurm House is a house with Federal architecture dating from 1819 in Triune Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.The listing was for one contributing building on a 1.4 acres (0.57 ha) that also included are two non-contributing buildings.It was built by John Russwurm an early settler of the Williamson County.
 Somers Mansion is a historic house at Shore Road and Somers Point Circle in Somers Point Atlantic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1725 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Witherspoon Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake Franklin County New York. It was built about 1910 as a boarding house and is a 2 1⁄2-story square frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. The gable roof has hipped roof dormers. It features two cure porches; one above the verandah and a second supported by four posts and spanning two-thirds of the northwest facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St Mary's Church Mellor is in Church Lane Mellor Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 The Church of St Stephen on-the-Cliffs is located in St Stephen's Avenue Blackpool Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackpool the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Allenwood Low is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pennsylvania. It is part of the Allenwood Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Allenwood) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCC Allenwood is located 75 miles north of Harrisburg Pennsylvania the state capital.
 Main Building also known as Old Main is a historic building located on the campus of West Virginia University Institute of Technology at Montgomery Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1895-1897. In 1898 and 1905 two-story wings were attached to each side of the original unit. The total length is 207 feet. It features a projecting three story square entrance tower with a sate covered hipped roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Monmouth Battlefield State Park is a 2928-acre (11.85 km²) New Jersey state park located on the border of Manalapan and Freehold Township in Monmouth County New Jersey United States. This park preserves the historical battlefield on which the American Revolutionary War's Battle of Monmouth was waged.
 The Masonic Temple in Louisville Kentucky is a building from 1930. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hibernia House is a historic home located in Hibernia County Park near Wagontown West Caln Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in four phases between the late-18th and early-20th century. The original section was a two-story stone dwelling measuring 18 feet by 24 feet. In 1798 a 1 1/2-story stone kitchen addition was built. In 1821 the mansion house was built making the older sections the west wing.
 The John Jones House is a historic house at 1 Winthrop Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built in 1874 It is a well preserved example of a modest Italianate house. The two story wood frame structure features a three bay front facade with bay windows flanking a center entry that is sheltered by a porch connected to the bay roofs.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 George IV Brixton was a public house and concert and dance venue at 144 Brixton Hill in Brixton London. It was also sometimes known as George Four. At the junction with Waterworks Road the venue in 2007 became the Southside Bar and later the Music Bar. Following its closure in 2012 plans were submitted by Tesco to open a convenience store at the premises.
 The United States Penitentiary Canaan (USP Canaan) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates with a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male inmates. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.USP Canaan is located in northeastern Pennsylvania 20 miles east of Scranton and 134 miles north of Philadelphia.
 In the 12th century a fortress was located at Breda. The city of Breda came into existence nearby the fortress. In 1350 the Duke of Brabant sold Breda to Jan II of Polanen (Baron of Breda). He reinforced the castle with four towers and a channel. His daughter Johanna of Polanen married in 1403 the German Duke Engelbert I of Nassau. Their son Jan IV of Nassau enlarged the castle.Henry III of Nassau-Breda changed the castle into a Renaissance palace in 1536.
 The Church of Our Lady of Esperanza is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 624 West 156th Street between Broadway and Riverside Drive in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Upper Manhattan New York City.The church is part of Audubon Terrace which was designated a Historic District by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission on January 9 1979 but it is organizationally separate from the museum complex.
 The Jefferson County Jail is a historic structure in central Louisville Kentucky United States. Built in 1905 in the Chicago style of architecture it was designed by D.X. Murphy & Bros. It comprises two wings: the western built as cell blocks and the eastern which originally housed offices. A system of corridors was used to separate male and female prisoners and black and white prisoners.In 1983 the jail was converted into an office complex.
 The Gemäldegalerie is an art museum in Berlin Germany and the museum where the main selection of paintings belonging to the Berlin State Museums (Staatliche Museen zu Berlin) is displayed. It holds one of the world's leading collections of European paintings from the 13th to the 18th centuries.
 Kazan Cathedral or Kazanskiy Kafedralniy Sobor (Russian: Каза́нский кафедра́льный собо́р) also known as the Cathedral of Our Lady of Kazan is a cathedral of the Russian Orthodox Church on the Nevsky Prospekt in St. Petersburg. It is dedicated to Our Lady of Kazan probably the most venerated icon in Russia.
 The Church of Saint-Laurent (French: Église Saint-Laurent) is a church in the 10th arrondissement of Paris (119 rue du Faubourg-Saint-Martin 68 boulevard de Strasbourg or 68 boulevard de Magenta). It is built on Paris's north-south axis linking Senlis and Orléans as laid out by the Romans in the course of the mid 1st century BC now marked by the rue du Faubourg-Saint-Martin rue Saint-Martin rue Saint-Jacques and rue du Faubourg-Saint-Jacques).
 HM Prison Gloucester is a former Category B men's prison located in Gloucester Gloucestershire England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Marshall House is a historic home located at Canandaigua in Ontario County New York. It is a two story five bay center hall brick dwelling on a slightly raised basement. Although built in 1844 with later alterations it has characteristics of the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Murray County Courthouse in Sulphur Oklahoma on Wyandotte Avenue between W. Tenth Street and W. Eleventh Street is a historic Classical Revival-style courthouse that was built in 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.It was designed by architect Jewell Hicks and is significant because of its unusual architecture and because it serves the county as the center of local government.
 Riyadh Sahara Mall is a shopping mall in the King Fahd Quarter of Riyadh Saudi Arabia. It has 180 shops a supermarket a children's playground eight restaurants cafeteria skylights fountains waterfalls gardens etc. It is a nice mall for families. The wears for ladies and gents are really comfortable and durable.
 All Hallows Church Great Mitton is located in the village of Great Mitton Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bowland the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of St John the Evangelist Hurst Green. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Belleview School (also known as Belleview City Hall) is a historic building in Belleview Florida United States. Built in 1928 it was designed by noted architect Edward Columbus Hosford in the Mission Revival style. The Belleview School is located at 5343 Southeast Abshier Boulevard. On March 25 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Liberty National Life Complex is a corporate office complex located in downtown Birmingham Alabama. The complex is made up of two connecting buildings. The original building was built in 1925 and contains 10 stories. The second building a 16 story building was originally built in 1952 as a 10 story building but was expanded in 1971 by six stories.
 The First National Bank of White Bear in White Bear Lake Minnesota United States is a classical revival bank building designed by Clark E. Van Kirk unique for the area with a red tile roof; designed in 1921. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Peter Paul's Wharf was a parish church in the City of London. It was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666. First mentioned in the 12th Century It stood to the north of Upper Thames Street in Queenhithe Ward The parish was defiant in continuing to use the Book of Common Prayer during the Civil War.St Peter's was along with most of the City's other parish churches destroyed by the Great Fire in 1666.
 Dewey Cottage is an historic house at 668 Matunuck Beach Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The cottage known as the Admiral Dewey Inn was built in 1898 in a late-Victorian style and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.
 The Sultan Ahmed Mosque (Turkish: Sultan Ahmet Camii) is a historic mosque in Istanbul. The mosque is popularly known as the Blue Mosque for the blue tiles adorning the walls of its interior.It was built from 1609 to 1616 during the rule of Ahmed I. Its Külliye contains a tomb of the founder a madrasah and a hospice. The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is still popularly used as a mosque.
 Flamenco Residences is a group of residential buildings under construction in Constanța Romania.
 The Church of São Miguel do Castelo (Portuguese: Igreja de São Miguel do Castelo) is a medieval church in the civil parish of Oliveira do Castelo municipality of Guimarães in the northern district of Braga of Portugal. The church is emblematically linked to the foundation of the Portuguese Kingdom; legend suggests that it was the sight of the baptism of the young Afonso Henriques.
 The Andersonville National Historic Site located near Andersonville Georgia preserves the former Camp Sumter (also known as Andersonville Prison) a Confederate prisoner-of-war camp during the American Civil War. Most of the site lies in southwestern Macon County adjacent to the east side of the town of Andersonville.
 Stimson House is a Richardsonian Romanesque mansion in Los Angeles California on Figueroa Street north of West Adams. Built in 1891 it was the home of lumber and banking millionaire Thomas Douglas Stimson. During Stimson’s lifetime the house survived a dynamite attack by a blackmailer in 1896.
 The George Fearn House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built in 1904 in the Spanish Colonial Revival style by local architect George Bigelow Rogers. It was the first Spanish Colonial Revival building to be built in Mobile. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 12 1991. It is a part of the Spanish Revival Residences in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.
 The Museum of Art  Fort Lauderdale is an art museum in Fort Lauderdale Florida. Originating in 1958 as the Fort Lauderdale Art Center the museum is located in a 75000-square-foot (7000 m2) modernist building designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes. The current building was constructed in 1986 with a 10000-square-foot (930 m2) wing added in 2001.
 Patrixbourne Priory was a priory in Kent England.
 Randolph Historic District is a national historic district located at Randolph in Cattaraugus County New York. The district encompasses 268 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure in the hamlet of Randolph. The district includes a variety of residential commercial industrial and institutional buildings primarily dating between 1826 and the 1880s. There are representative examples of Greek Revival and Italianate architectural styles.
 Fort Nuestra Senora de la Soledad near Umatac Guam is a fortification built by the Spanish probably in between 1802 and 1819. It was the fourth of four fortifications that protected an anchorage for Spanish galleons transiting between Acapulco Mexico and the Philippines a route that fell out of use in 1815 with Mexican independence. The fort has been damaged by treasure-hunters; it was made into a park following World War II.
 SS Regina was a tanker built in Belfast in 1904 that sank in 1940 near Bradenton Beach Florida United States. It is located in the Gulf of Mexico 75 yards off the coast from Bradenton Beach. In April 2005 it became the tenth Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve. On December 6 of the same year it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 George West House is a historic home located at Rock City Falls in Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1866 for prominent industrialist and congressman George West and is two story wood framed hipped roof roofed residence in the Italian Villa style. It features a projecting full height entrance pavilion and an ornate flat roofed entrance portico. It also has an enclosed hip roofed belvedere with decorative finials situated at the center of the roof.
 Akmerkez is a shopping mall located in the Etiler quarter of Istanbul Turkey. It was commissioned on December 18 1993 by a joint venture of the Akkök Tekfen and İstikbal companies.The Akmerkez complex covers an area of 180000 m² and consists of a four-storey shopping area with two towers offering 14 and 17 stories of office space and a third tower with 24 stories of residential areas.
 City Centre is the Karnataka’s third and India’s 10th largest mall located at the K S Rao road in Mangalore. It was opened to the public on April 2010. It provides shopping dining entertainment and leisure activities.
 The former Queensland Government Treasury Building is a heritage-listed public administration building located at 21 Queen Street Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is currently occupied by the Treasury Casino owned by Tabcorp.
 The James Gleason Cottage is a historic house at 31 Sayles Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is a rare regional example of a residential house with Greek Revival and Gothic Revival features. It was built c. 1830 probably for James Gleason an owner of a successful grocery business in the Globe Village section of Southbridge. The house is a modest 1.5 story wood frame structure with predominantly Greek Revival styling.
 Santa Maria Annunziata in Borgo popularly known as Annunziatina is an oratory of Rome (Italy) in the rione Borgo on Lungotevere Vaticano.The church was built in the Quarter of Santo Spirito between 1742 and 1745 by architect Pietro Passalacqua as oratory of the Brotherhood of the Ospedale di Santo Spirito in Sassia.
 The Mariners' Museum is located in Newport News Virginia. Designated as America’s National Maritime Museum by Congress it is one of the largest maritime museums in North America.
 The National Gallery is the primary British national public art gallery sited on Trafalgar Square in central London. It is home to one of the world's greatest collections of Western European paintings. Founded in 1824 from an initial purchase of 36 paintings by the British Government its collections have since grown to about 2300 paintings by roughly 750 artists dating from the mid-13th century to 1900 most of which are on display.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Peter the Apostle is the seat of the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jackson Mississippi. The cathedral is named for Saint Peter the Apostle.
 The Clark Thread Company Historic District located at 900 Passaic Avenue East Newark Hudson County New Jersey United States is a large mill complex. The company originally started in Newark as an offshoot of the Clark Thread Company of Paisley Scotland and then expanded into these buildings in 1875. There are 35 buildings on the 13-acre (53000 m2) block.The site is now used by a variety of industrial companies.
 The Phelps House (or Rose Hill Estate) is located in Aiken South Carolina. The house was built in the early 1900s on the foundations of an antebellum house that had been destroyed during the Civil War is historically significant for several reasons one of which is its very distinctive Shingle Style. This style used often in the late 1800s and early 1900s in the resort homes of the rich was rarely used in South Carolina.
 The Hollister Carnegie Library (previously: Hollister Free Public Library; now Hollister City Hall) is located on 375 Fifth Street in Hollister California US. Established in 1912 as a Carnegie library decades later it was re-purposed as a city hall. The building is part of the downtown's National Register-listed historic district and was entered itself into the National Register on March 26 1992.
 The Sheraton Hotel Tripoli is a luxury hotel currently under construction in Libya's capital Tripoli in the Gergarish District. It sits directly next to the Four Points by Sheraton Tripoli Hotel.
 The Temple du Change or Loge du Change formerly used for the stock exchange of Lyon stands in Vieux Lyon (5th arrondissement of Lyon). It was originally built after plans by architect Simon Gourdet between 1631 and 1653 then rebuilt under the direction of Jacques-Germain Soufflot in 1748-1750. It has been assigned to Protestant worship since 1803 hence its designation Temple.
 St Mary's Hospital is a hospital in Paddington London that was founded in 1845. Since the UK's first academic health science centre was created in 2008 it has been operated by Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust which also operates Charing Cross Hospital Hammersmith Hospital Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital and Western Eye Hospital.Until 1988 the hospital ran St Mary's Hospital Medical School part of the federal University of London.
 The Calder Houses in Cedar Rapids Iowa United States are historic houses that were built in 1868. The two identical houses were built by Charles Calder who moved to Cedar Rapids from the state of New York in 1851. He was involved in real estate and land speculation and at the time of his death in 1890 he held a significant amount of real estate in the city. The houses are two-story front gable cottages. The brick structures are built on stone foundations.
 Prince George Winyah Church is an Episcopal church in Georgetown South Carolina. Prince George Winyah is one of the oldest continuous congregations in South Carolina and the church building is one of the oldest churches in continuous service in South Carolina. Prince George Winyah (Episcopal) and Churchyard was named to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1971.Starting in 1716 Anglican parishes were electoral and administration units in South Carolina government.
 The Catharine Roynane Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 18 Ingalls Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was built c. 1890 and is a well-preserved local example of Queen Anne styling. This styling survives principally in the woodwork frieze on the porch and its flanking projecting polygonal bay with skirting below the second and third floor windows.
 The Headquarters of the Provincial Bank of Córdoba (Spanish: Casa Central del Banco de la Provincia de Córdoba) more often referred locally as Banco de Córdoba Casa Central is a large bank building in Córdoba Argentina.Inaugurated on 17 May 1889 it is one of the first buildings especially constructed for a financial institution in Latin America and is among the most important assets in the architectural heritage of Cordoba Province.
 The William V. Carr House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa. The residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Grand Mosque of Constanța (Romanian: Marea Moschee din Constanța) originally known as the Carol I Mosque (Romanian: Moscheea Carol I) is a mosque in Constanța Romania. It is listed as an historic monument by the Romanian National Institute of Historical Monuments.The mosque is referred to by Constanța's Islamic community as the King's Mosque (Romanian: Geamia Regelui Turkish: Kral camisi).
 Dr George Mukari Hospital is an Academic Hospital situated in the north of Pretoria near the township of Ga-Rankuwa. The previous name was Ga-Rankuwa Hospital. It is a teaching facility for the Medical University of South Africa (Medunsa).GPS coordinates: lat -25.61986° ; lon 28.01179°
 Hill's Tavern is a historic building in Scenery Hill Pennsylvania. For a period in the early 1900s the inn was known as Central Hotel. Now called the Century Inn it is the oldest tavern in continuous use on the National Road. The overnight facilities can accommodate 23 overnight guests and the dining room can seat up to 140 guests. The outdoor gazebo offers additional seating during the warmer months. It hosted two American Presidents Andrew Jackson and James K.
 The Martin Parelius Fourplex is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Western State Hospital in Hopkinsville Kentucky which was established in 1854 as the Western Lunatic Asylum is an inpatient center for the treatment of mental illness. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. It had a patient population as high as 2200 by 1950. Improved medications for treatment of mental disorders allowed de-institutionalization and a decrease in inpatient numbers. The inpatient population as of 2004 was 220 from 34 counties in Western Kentucky.
 The Perkins-Rockwell House is located in Norwich Connecticut. It has also been known as the Dr. John Rockwell House. The house was built in 1818. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 17 1985.
 James E. Hooper House is a historic home located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a large Queen Anne style freestanding masonry structure situated among the buildings of the Old Goucher College Buildings complex. It is a rectangular building with a steeply pitched gable roof a small two-story wing extending and a 2 1⁄2-story bay window extension with a small gable roof. There are two stories in the main section of the house and two more stories in the gable.
 Steinkjer Church (Norwegian: Steinkjer kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the town of Steinkjer. The church is part of the Steinkjer parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The church was consecrated on 25 March 1965 and it seats about 600 people.
 Fellini's Pizza is an Italian restaurant founded in Atlanta on May 5 1982 by Clay Harper of the Coolies. It has 7 locations. Its first location was opened near Little Five Points. It was voted the best pizza restaurant in Atlanta in 2013 by the Emory Wheel.
 The Covington House historic cabin in Vancouver Washington was built by Richard and Charlotte Anna Covington born raised and married in London England who travelled by ship around Cape Horn/South America stopping at the Sandwich Islands/Hawaii and finally arriving at Fort Vancouver in the Oregon Territory where they had been hired to teach children of the Hudson’s Bay Company employees. The first three plains of the area were held by Hudson Bay Fur Trade Co.
 Antelope Valley Hospital (AVH) is a public hospital located in Lancaster California specializing in acute care. It has 420 beds and is accredited by the Joint Commission. In March 2010 AVH was declared one of the 14 trauma centers in Los Angeles County.
 The Durham University Observatory is a weather observatory owned and operated by the University of Durham.
 The Parsonage (also known as the Horatio Alger House) is a National Historic Landmark at 16 Pleasant Street in Natick Massachusetts.The house was built in 1866 and used as a church parsonage and as a summer home to Horatio Alger. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Temple Beth Zion is a Reform synagogue located at 805 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo New York. Founded in 1850 Temple Beth Zion is the largest Jewish congregation in Western New York and one of the oldest and largest reform congregations in the nation. The circular building features 10 scallop walls each a symbol of the 10 commandments. The temple contains a Casavant Frères 48-rank 4000-pipe organ.
 The Freer Gallery of Art joins the Arthur M. Sackler Gallery to form the Smithsonian Institution's national museums of Asian art. The Freer and Sackler galleries house the largest Asian art research library in the United States and contains art from East Asia South Asia Southeast Asia the Islamic world the ancient Near East and ancient Egypt as well as a significant collection of American art.
 Parkway Mall is a large community-scale shopping centre in Toronto Ontario Canada located at the southeast corner of Victoria Park Avenue & Ellesmere Road in the former borough of Scarborough.Parkway Mall is more geared toward providing essential community and neighbourhood-level retail stores and services rather than being a large-scale regional shopping destination such as the nearby Fairview or Scarborough Town Centre.
 The Joseph Jossen House also known as the World Trade Building is a historic house in Mobile Alabama United States. The 2 1⁄2-story brick Queen Anne–style structure was built in 1906 for Joseph Jossen. Jossen was the local agent for the F.W. Cook Brewing Company a beer brewing company based out of Evansville Indiana. The Mobile distribution branch was established by him at 19 South Commerce Street in 1884. Additionally Jossen was involved in the general liquor trade.
 St. Luke's Church also known as Old Brick Church or Newport Parish Church is a historic church building located in the unincorporated community of Benns Church near Smithfield in Isle of Wight County Virginia United States. It is the oldest surviving brick church in one of the original thirteen colonies that became the United States and is the earliest extant church building of English foundation in the United States.
 The Brewster House is in Galt California. It is a wooden Victorian Italianate style house built in 1869.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Smith McLoud House is a historic home located at Middlesex in Yates County New York. This Greek Revival–style structure was built about 1830 and features a five-by-two-bay rectangular rubble stone central block with molded cornice and wooden corner pilasters bold frieze and trabeated entrance.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Montreal Eaton Centre is a shopping mall located in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is the largest mall in downtown Montreal. It is located in the heart of the Montreal underground city and is connected to the Montreal underground metro system via McGill metro station.The mall owner Ivanhoe Cambridge announced in March 2014 that it will merge the Montreal Eaton Centre with the neighbouring Complexe Les Ailes mall and the newly merged complex will be renamed.
 Davis Mills House is a historic house at 945 Central Avenue in Needham Massachusetts.The house was built in 1834 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Langham London is one of the largest and best known traditional style grand hotels in London. It is in the district of Marylebone on Langham Place and faces up Portland Place towards Regent's Park. It is a member of the Leading Hotels of the World marketing consortium.
 Strang School District No. 36 or the Strang Public School is a historic school located in Fillmore County Nebraska in the village of Strang. The school is one of the two sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the village of Strang. The school building is a small two-story brick public schoolhouse which was built to replace the schoolhouse that was previously located on that site.
 Abbeville also known as Mt. Pleasant is a historic home located at Lancaster Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The original home was built in 1755-1756 and is a two-story stuccoed stone section measuring 20 feet by 17 feet. In 1790 a large 2 1/2-story five bay by three bay Georgian style dwelling was built in front of the earlier section. In 1826 two side wings were added on either side of the 1790 section. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse (c.
 The church of Santa Maria delle Grazie in Brescia is located on at the west end of Via Elia Capriolo where it intersects with the Via delle Grazie. Built in the 1500s and remodeled in the 1600s it still retains much of its artwork by major regional artists including one of its three canvases by Moretto. The other two are now held at the Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo. The interior is richely decorated in Baroque fashion.
 Jama Masjid is a mosque in Mominpura Nagpur. The mosque has a dome in its center and four minarets. The mosque has a garden in front in the north direction and a vehicle parking in the south direction.
 City Centre is the tallest building ever built in Bangladesh. It is at the heart of Motijheel in the commercial centre of Dhaka and is in close proximity to the city's Zero Point. Topped out this office complex is expected to serve as a city within a city and will offer several features more than any other building in Dhaka.
 Metro Hall is a 27-storey Postmodern office tower at the corner of Wellington and John Streets in Toronto Canada. It looks out onto Pecaut Square. Part of the three-tower Metro Centre complex the building was completed in 1992 to house the Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto (Metro) and its employees. The building continues to be used in other capacities by the new City of Toronto following municipal amalgamation in 1998.
 The Charles Grilk House is located in the central part of Davenport Iowa United States. The Colonial Revival Bungalow was designed by the Davenport architectural firm of Temple Burrows & McLane. It was completed in 1906 and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 Peterstone Priory a house of Augustinian Canons was a priory in Burnham Overy Norfolk England. It was founded before 1200 and incorporated 1449.
 The Aurora Art Museum (Chinese: 震旦藝術博物館; pinyin: Zhèndàn Yìshù Bówùguǎn) is a museum in Songshan District Taipei Taiwan. The museum is located in the Aurora 21st Century Building.
 The William Thomas Turner Barn was built in 1898 near Gardner Kansas United States. The Turner barn is regarded as an outstanding example of barn construction built by Arthur J. Clinton a highly regarded barn builder.
 The Residences at the Ritz-Carlton is a luxury condominium building and residential skyscraper in Toronto Canada. At 209.8 m (688 ft) it is Toronto's ninth tallest building. The skyscraper is located at 181 Wellington Street West on the western edge of the downtown core and bordering Toronto's entertainment district. The hotel opened on 16 February 2011.
 The Daniel Donnelly House is a historic home located at Williamsport Washington County Maryland United States. It is a Flemish bond brick two-story dwelling on a prominent hill built about 1833. The house shows influence of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. Also on the property are a small garden house shed and summerhouse all small late-20th century structures. The house is associated with the American Civil War Battle of Falling Waters which took place July 13 and 14 1863.
 The Aleppo Citadel Museum (Arabic: متحف قلعة حلب‎) is an archaeological museum located in the city of Aleppo Syria within the historic Citadel of Aleppo. It was opened in 1994 in the building of Ibrahim Pasha military barracks of the citadel built in 1834. It occupies an area of 754 m² at the northern part of the citadel. The museum is home to a large number of archaeological remains found in the citadel and belong to ancient civilizations.
 The Stoclet Palace (French: Palais Stoclet Dutch: Stocletpaleis) is a private mansion built by architect Josef Hoffmann between 1905 and 1911 in Brussels Belgium for banker and art lover Adolphe Stoclet. Considered Hoffman's masterpiece the Stoclet's house is one of the most refined and luxurious private houses of the twentieth century.The mansion is still occupied by the Stoclet family and is not open to visitors. It was designated as a world heritage site by UNESCO in June 2009.
 St. Michan's Church /ˈmɪʃən/ located in Church Street Dublin Ireland is a Church of Ireland church.
 Hugo Franz Kuehne (February 20 1884 - November 23 1963) was an architect and planner who practiced in Austin Texas.
 The Crescent Brass and Pin Company Building is located at 5766 Trumbull Street in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It is currently known as the Research Lofts on Trumbull.
 Richmondville United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church at 266 Main Street in Richmondville Schoharie County New York. It is a nearly square building with an engaged entrance / bell tower built about 1900. The two story gable and hipped roof wood frame parsonage was built in 1893.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The John M. and Elizabeth Bates House No. 1 is a historic house in Portland Oregon United States. Architect Wade Pipes a pivotal figure in the Arts and Crafts movement in Oregon designed the house in the mid-1930s for his close friends John and Elizabeth Bates. Built in 1935 it represents that decade's transition in Pipes' focus from English vernacular exterior elements toward clean lines rectilinear forms and minimal decoration.
 Frontera Grill is a Mexican restaurant in Chicago Illinois. It is owned by Rick Bayless. It opened in January 1987 and is located at 445 N. Clark Street in Chicago's River North neighborhood. In 2011 the Chicago Sun-Times called it a study in the art of Mexican cookery.In 1994 Frontera Grill was ranked the world's third-best casual dining restaurant by the International Herald Tribune.
 The Brooks Building in Chicago was built in 1909–1910 in the Chicago School architectural style. An early example steel-framed skyscraper the structure was commissioned by Peter Brooks and Shepard Brooks and designed by architects Holabird & Roche. The building was designated a Chicago Landmark on January 14 1997.
 St Bartholomew's Hospital (grid reference ST586731) is at the bottom of Christmas Steps in Lewin's Mead Bristol England.This 12th-century town house was incorporated into a monastery hospital founded in 1240 by Sir John la Warr 2nd Baron De La Warr (c. 1277–1347) and became Bristol Grammar School from 1532 to 1767 and then Queen Elizabeth's Hospital 1767-1847. Three 17th-century town houses were then incorporated into model workers' flats of 1865 and converted to offices in 1978.
 St. James' Episcopal Church and Parish House is a historic Episcopal church at 2500 Jerome Avenue and 190th Street in the Fordham section of The Bronx New York City New York.It was founded July 5 1853 becoming the first Episcopal parish in Fordham. The parish at first met at the Manor Reformed Church on Kingsbridge Road then on June 11 1854 acquired an old schoolhouse for use. On October 1 1854 the Rev. Joshua Weaver became its first rector.
 The New Karolinska Solna University Hospital (NKS) (Swedish: Nya Karolinska Solna) is the new university hospital to be built in Stockholm Sweden replacing the present Karolinska University Hospital. Estimated completion is December 2015.NKS is also Sweden's first public-private partnership (PPP) project in healthcare.
 The Nahant Civic Historic District consists of three civic buildings in the center of Nahant Massachusetts. The town hall is an H-shaped Colonial Revival structure built in 1912 to a design by the Boston firm of Andrews Jaques & Rantoul. The library which stands across the street was built in 1895 in a Jacobethan (English) Revival style its exterior made of ashlar granite with sandstone trim.
 The CorpBanca Tower (Spanish: Torre CorpBanca) is a skyscraper located in the city of Caracas is known for being the tallest skyscraper in the financial center of the Golden Mile or Caracas with 124 meters and 30 floors a title that will become occupied in the future by the neighbor CAF Tower when this is completed is located between the streets and Blandin Mohedano urbanization in the Chacao municipality of Castellana.CorpBanca's Bank headquarters of Venezuela and its base extends the Group Corp Cultural Center which are deployed surface 3500 m² spread over several levels showrooms offering a concert hall an auditorium an art shop PH art spaces parking addition of the tower itself. 
 The Oracle is a large indoor shopping and leisure mall located on the banks of the River Kennet on the site of a 17th-century workhouse of the same name in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It was developed by and is owned by a joint venture of Hammerson and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority.
 Anshei Israel Synagogue is a historic synagogue located in Lisbon Connecticut United States. The Orthodox congregation was founded with 15 families and constructed the synagogue in 1936. It was built by George Allen & Sons. The interior is a single room that is lined with five benches before an altar which held the sacred ark. The congregation's membership dwindled throughout the 1940s and 1950s limiting the services to holidays before finally closing in the early 1980s.
 Green Lane Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in the Wick district of Devizes in Wiltshire. It is part of Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership for the NHS.In 2008 permission was granted by the WIltshire PCT to relocate its several local clinics into one centralised primary care centre and Green Lane is one of three prospective sites.In 2011 the hospital achieved an excellent rating in an Electroconvulsive Therapy Accreditation Service audit.
 The house at 809 Grand View Avenue is a Mission/Spanish Revival style house located in Kingman Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Ansel T. Walling House is a historic house in Circleville Ohio United States. An Italianate structure that was built in 1869 it was the home of Ansel T. Walling a state and federal legislator.A native of New York Walling settled in northeastern Ohio in 1843 where he began to publish a local newspaper. After serving as a clerk for the Ohio House of Representatives he and his wife Sarah moved to Circleville in 1863; there they bought land and soon began to erect a house.
 Belmont Methodist-Episcopal Church also known as Metropolitan Community Church of the Blue Ridge is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located in the Belmont neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It was built between 1917 and 1921 and is a three-story brick Late Gothic Revival style church.
 The Fayetteville Historic Square (usually shortened to Fayetteville Square or just The Square) is a place in Fayetteville Arkansas that includes the original Fayetteville post office built in 1911; the Old Bank of Fayetteville Building the Lewis Brothers Building constructed in 1908 the Mrs. Young Building built in 1887 and the Guisinger Building.
 The Irish Jewish Museum (Irish: Músaem Giúdach na hÉireann) is a small museum located in the once highly Jewish populated area of Portobello around the South Circular Road Dublin 8 dedicated to the history of the Irish Jewish community. The museum was opened in June 1985 by Chaim Herzog who was then president of Israel and was born in Ireland. The museum is in a former Synagogue built in 1917 in two adjoining terraced house on Walworth Road off the South Circular Road.
 The Veterans Memorial Building at 53 N. Center in American Fork Utah was built in 1934. It has also been known as American Fork Legion Hall and as Legion Memorial Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Bulletin Building is an historic structure located in the Chinatown neighborhood in Washington D.C.
 Woodville Mall was an enclosed shopping mall off of Woodville Road (State Route 51) in Northwood Ohio outside the city of Toledo Ohio. The mall opened in 1969 and after losing most of its stores in the 2000s became a dead mall. The mall (interior) was closed in December 2011 and demolished in March 2014.
 The Crowley House is a historic house located at 365 West Main Street in North Adams Massachusetts. It is one a small number of houses in North Adams built in a transitional Federalist-Greek Revival style. Little is known of its early history; it first enters the documentary record in the 1860s when its owner defaulted on debts and lost the property. It was occupied from the 1880s into the early 20th century by David Crowley a clothes finisher working in the local textile mills.
 Melford is a historic plantation home located on the grounds of the Maryland Science and Technology Center near the intersection of U.S. Route 301 and U.S. Route 50 at Bowie Prince George's County Maryland.
 The Confederate-Union Veterans' Monument in front of the Butler County Courthouse in Morgantown Kentucky was built in the aftermath the Spanish-American War which helped alleviate the bitterness both sides felt toward the other when it was dedicated to the sacrifice of veterans of both sides of the Civil War. It is one of only two monuments in Kentucky that reveres both sides instead of only one and funds to build it came from both sides.
 The Bates Well Ranch (O'odham: Juñ Ka:ck) also known as the Bates Well Growler Well Gray Ranch and El Veit was one of the fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Pima County Arizona. Operating for nearly 60 years the ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.The main ranch house was moved from Growler Mine to Bates Well in 1942 re-used in traditional frontier and Gray family practice.
 Garrard Mills is a gristmill in Lancaster Kentucky. The property was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Columbia Correctional Institution (CCI) is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Portage Wisconsin. The operating capacity is 541. The average daily population for fiscal year 2012 was 832. Gregory D. Grams the fifth warden has been in that position since March 2005.
 Edgewood is a historic home located at Stanleytown Henry County Virginia. It was built about 1830 and consists of a projecting two-story three bay pedimented Greek-temple-form central mass and two-story flanking wings in the Greek Revival style. The house features three semi-integral end chimneys and a one-story front porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Former Geological Survey of Canada Building (French: Ancien édifice de la Commission géologique du Canada) is a three-storey stone building located at the intersection of Sussex Drive and George Street in the Byward Market area of Ottawa Ontario Canada. It is named for its former occupant the Geological Survey of Canada.
 Holy Trinity Cathedral known in Amharic as Kidist Selassie is the highest ranking Orthodox cathedral in Addis Ababa Ethiopia. It was built to commemorate Ethiopia's liberation from Italian occupation and is the second most important place of worship in Ethiopia after the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion in Axum.
 The Ontonagon School is a school building located at 301 Greenland Road in Ontonagon Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 The Königsstuhl National Park Centre (German: Nationalpark-Zentrum Königsstuhl) is the visitor centre for the Jasmund National Park on the German Baltic Sea island of Rügen. It was opened in 2004 and with around 300000 visitors per year (as at 2008) is one of the most popular national park centres in Germany.Its aim is to provide information on the national park and to bring alive the uniqueness and beauty of nature for its visitors without significantly damaging the ecology of the park.
 California Institution for Men (CIM) is a male-only state prison located in the city of Chino San Bernardino County California. It is often colloquially referenced as Chino. In turn locals call the prison Chino Men's or just Men's to avoid confusion with the city itself.
 Valhalla also known as Rosedale is a historic home located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland United States. It is a two-story house constructed of local Seneca sandstone to which are attached a c. 1835 1 1⁄2-story log structure and two small 20th-century one-story frame wings.Valhalla was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Fuglsang is a 19th-century manor house and former artist's retreat near Toreby on the Danish island of Lolland serving as a cultural centre as well as an active agricultural estate. The manor house serves as a venue for classical concerts and other cultural activities. The cultural centre also includes Fuglsang Art Museum located in a purpose-built building designed by British architect Tony Fretton.
 The Weigel House also known as the Monday House is located at 2721 Asbury Road in Knoxville Tennessee. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Monday House. The house was constructed in the late 19th century in the Queen Anne style and has been restored. The house is now used for commercial space.The house was last used as a residence by Steven and Karla Shell. Their children Brandon Summer and Damon Morell lived with them from 1998 until 2001.
 William Seel Building is a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1912-1913 and is a narrow four-story four bay wide office building built of brownstone and brick. It features two elegant arches at the first floor and an overhanging cornice.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Red Raven is an American gastropub in the Nashoba Valley town of Acton Massachusetts an outer suburb of Boston. A higher-end restaurant with an eclectic menu ranging from epicurean craft main dishes to gourmet variations on pub fare (using local farm-to-table produce as often as possible) the Red Raven also has two bars and offers about twenty beer brands on draft mostly craft beer.
 Luke Brown House is a historic home located at Parishville in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1823 and is a 2-story five-by-three-bay side-gabled Federal-style residence constructed of red Potsdam Sandstone. Attached is a 1 1⁄2-story side frame wing built about 1870.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Eckley Miners' Village in eastern Pennsylvania is an anthracite coal mining patch town located near Hazleton Luzerne County Pennsylvania in the United States. Since 1970 Eckley has been owned and operated as a museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission.
 The Wisconsin Consistory Building also known as the Humpfrey Scottish Rite Masonic Center is a historic building located at 790 N. Van Buren St. in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Its original address was 470 Van Buren before the street was renumbered. The facade was extensively remodeled including the removal of chimneys flanking the corner dome. It covers an entire city block and contains approximately 22000 square feet (2000 m2). It has a chapel an auditorium a reception hall and a pub.
 Highland Park Carousel also known as En-Joie Park Carousel and Ideal Park Carousel is a historic carousel located at Endwell in Broome County New York. The carousel was purchased between 1920 and 1925 and moved to its present site in 1967. It was previously located in Ideal Park (later En-Joie Park). The carousel is housed in a wooden one story 16-sided enclosed pavilion. The carousel has 36 figures: 34 horses one pig and one dog each of which is a jumper and two chariots.
 463 West Street is a 13 building complex located on the block between West Street Washington Street Bank Street and Bethune Street in Manhattan New York. It was originally the home of Bell Telephone Laboratories between 1898 and 1966. For a time it was the largest industrial research center in the United States.
 The Mount (1902) is a country house in Lenox Massachusetts the home of noted American author Edith Wharton who designed the house and its grounds and considered it her first real home. The estate located in The Berkshires is open to the public from May to October when visitors are offered tours of the house and gardens. From November to May the grounds remain open though the buildings are closed unless there is a special event.
 Meridian Museum of Art is an art museum located at 628 25th Avenue Meridian Mississippi. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1985. The building originally served as the home of the First Presbyterian Church of Meridian until the city of Meridian bought the building in 1911 and turned it into a Carnegie Library in 1913.
 The Shire Hall in Agincourt Square Monmouth Wales is a prominent Grade I listed building in the town centre. It was built in 1724 and was formerly the centre for the Assize Courts and Quarter Sessions for Monmouthshire. In 1839/40 the court was the location of the trial of the Chartist leader John Frost and others for high treason for their part in the Newport Rising. The building was also used as a market place.
 The Whitinsville Historic District is a historic district on Church East Fletcher Hill Woodland Lake and Water Sts. Castle Hill Rs. and Linwood Avenue in Northbridge Massachusetts. The district encompasses the historic 19th century mill village of Whitinsville which grew up around an 1826 brick mill building (which still stands) erected by Paul Whitin. The Whitin family came to dominate the textile trade in Northbridge with numerous mill complexes.
 Hyatt Regency Dushanbe Hotel is a hotel located at Dushanbe Tajikistan. It is operated by Hyatt Hotels. The hotel is served by the Foccacia Grill Restaurant.
 For other synagogues called Beth El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth El also known as Temple Beth-El is a Reform synagogue currently located in Bloomfield Township Michigan USA. Beth El was founded in 1850 in the city of Detroit and is the oldest Jewish congregation in Michigan.In 1982 its two former buildings in Detroit at 3424 and 8801 Woodward Avenue were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Joseph Bosch Building is a commercial structure located at 302 Calumet Avenue in the Lake Linden Historic District in Lake Linden Michigan. It is also known as the Lindell Chocolate Shoppe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1982.
 Wormegay Priory was a priory in Norfolk England. It was founded by William de Warenne a royal justice.
 The U.S. Grant Hotel is a historic hotel in downtown San Diego California. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is 11 stories high and has 270 guest rooms in addition to meeting rooms and a ballroom.
 Nicholls House and Woolen Mill Site is a historic home and mill site located near Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. The house was built in 1893 and is a 2 1/2 story red-glazed brick building in the Second Empire style. It has a tower and mansard roof. It features a full front porch with Doric order columns in the Colonial Revival style.
 Haukeland University Hospital is a hospital in Bergen Norway and one of the 11 institutions that form the Bergen Hospital Trust. The hospital is the largest in Norway in terms of number of patients and serves as the local hospital of Bergen Midthordland and Nordhordland the central hospital of Hordaland county and the regional hospital of Hordaland Rogaland and Sogn og Fjordane counties.The general area of the hospital is approx.
 The Mount is the former official residence of the senior officer of the Royal Navy stationed in Gibraltar.
 Abingdon Bank is a historic bank building with a residence located at Abingdon Washington County Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story Greek Revival / Late Victorian style brick building. It originally housed the residence of the cashier and his family in one part and the bank counting room and vault were in the other.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.
 Buffalo Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian Church located in Pamplin Prince Edward County Virginia. It was built about 1804 and is a simple frame weatherboarded structure with a gable roof covered with standing seam metal. Early in the 20th century the front of the church was reoriented to the east and in 1931 an addition was made consisting of an entrance vestibule flanked on either side by a smallclassroom.
 San Giorgio in Braida is a Roman Catholic church in Verona northern Italy. It was built in the 16th century in the medieval quarter of Veronetta. The 12th-century bell tower is what remains of a monastery built in the eleventh century.The facade is marble white with two rows of pillars. The statues of St. George and St. Lorenzo Giustiniani are on sides.The interior has a single nave built between 1536 and 1543 and contains key works of art.
 Town Linke Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery located at Cameron Mills in Steuben County New York. It is a small frame building constructed in 1845 in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A cemetery surrounds the church and contains upwards of 3030 burials with markers dating to the 1830s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall is a historic single-story wood-frame commercial building in Lake Jackson Texas. Built in 1943 it was designed by noted Michigan architect Alden B. Dow in Modern Movement architectural style. The structure was designed as part of a company town Dow Chemical Company and served as Alden Dow's local office during the development of Lake Jackson.
 McCandless Crossing is an open-air lifestyle center in McCandless Pennsylvania about 10 miles north of Pittsburgh. The $100 million development is currently under construction with a projected completion date of 2016.
 The Charles B. Anderson House now the location of the Pasco Arts Center is a historic house in Elfers Florida United States. Owned by Pasco County the house is located at 5744 Moog Road an address shared by the Samuel Baker House the former site of the Elfers State Bank and the Centennial Park branch of the Pasco County Library. On April 26 1996 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Uptown Theater in Philadelphia Pennsylvania also known as Uptown Theater and Office Building is an Art Deco building built in 1927. It was designed by the Philadelphia based architectural firm of Magaziner Eberhard & Harris. The Uptown Theater is located on 2240 N. Broad Street. It became a major venue on the chitlin circuit from 1951-1978.
 Eatons Corners Historic District is a national historic district located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The district includes 11 contributing buildings on three properties. The properties are the Barlow Tavern Brumley Homestead and the Eaton Homestead. The three houses are two story frame buildings sheathed in clapboards. The Eaton Homestead was built about 1800 and Barlow Tavern in the 1820s; both are in the Federal style.
 The Impression 5 Science Center is a science museum located in downtown Lansing Michigan. Formerly known as the Impression 5 Museum the center is located in a historic wagon works factory on the Grand River. The name Impression 5 refers to the five senses. The neighboring Riverwalk Theatre and Michigan Museum of Surveying also occupy buildings of the former factory.
 Kumho Asiana Main Tower is the headquarters of the Kumho Asiana Group a South Korean conglomerate.
 Ipswich Baptist Church is a historic church at Main Street and 3rd Avenue in Ipswich South Dakota that includes Gothic Revival architecture. It was built in 1924.It was added to the National Register in 1978.It was a work of Ursa Louis Freed an architect who worked in North and South Dakota who also co-designed the 1929 Codington County Courthouse. The courthouse and works of Freed in Aberdeen and Faith South Dakota are also listed on the National Register.
 Kountze Memorial Lutheran Church is located at 2650 Farnam Street in Midtown Omaha Nebraska. Organized on December 5 1858 as Emanuel's Evangelical Lutheran Church the church is thought to be the first Lutheran congregation organized west of the Missouri River. In the 1920s the church was credited with being the largest Lutheran congregation in the United States.
 The Palazzo Riso or RISO Museo d’Arte Contemporanea della Sicilia (RISO Contemporary Art Museum of Sicily also known as Palazzo Belmonte Riso) is a regional contemporary art museum located in the ancient Corso Vittorio Emanuele Palermo Italy.
 The Polk County Historical Museum is located at 100 East Main Street Bartow Florida. The museum consists of exhibits presenting local and regional history and is located in the historic Old Polk County Courthouse.
 Jacksonville Historic District in Jacksonville Oregon was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1966.Its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966 describes its area as the Jacksonville city limits.
 Marine Corps Depot of Supplies Schuylkill Warehouse is a historic warehouse located in the Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections in 1941 and in 1943. It is a six-story orange brick building in the Moderne-style. A one-story brick addition was built about 1970. It has an off-center tower over the entrance unornamented parapet and flat roof long bands of steel windows and wide loading bays separated by rounded concrete columns.
 The New York City Police Museum (NYCPM) celebrates the history and contributions of the New York City Police Department established in 1845. The museum is located in Lower Manhattan in New York City near Wall Street and the South Street Seaport. While one of the museum's primary focuses is a memorial to September 11th the museum contains a wide range of information on the history of the NYPD.
 35 Hudson Yards (also known as the E Tower or Equinox Tower) is a mixed-use building currently approved for construction in Manhattan's West Side and is slated to be composed of apartment units and a hotel. Located near Hell's Kitchen Chelsea and the Penn Station area the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards.
 The Schoenhofen Pyramid Mausoleum is a tomb in Graceland Cemetery Chicago. It was designed by Chicago School architect Richard E. Schmidt as a family mausoleum for the Chicago brewer Peter Schoenhofen.
 Simonds Tavern is an historic tavern building on 331 Bedford Street in Lexington Massachusetts. The first portion of the building was built c. 1794 by Joshua Simonds who also ran a tavern near Fiske Hill. He began operating a tavern at this site in 1802 and enlarged the building 1810 after Bedford Street was cut through the area. The building has well-preserved Federal details.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is now residences.
 Laurinc Gate (Slovak: Laurinská brána) was a medieval town gate in the historical Old Town of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It was built in the 14th century and demolished by the order of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria in the 18th century together with most of the city walls because the inner walls were limiting the town's growth.
 Manresa Spirituality Centre (French: Centre de Spiritualité Manrèse) is a centre for Ignatian spirituality in the Sainte-Foy area of Quebec City. It was founded in 1976 by the Society of Jesus. It is situated on Louis Fréchette next to St. Charles Garnier College (French: Collège Saint-Charles-Garnier)
 Gråborg is a castle in Öland Sweden.
 One AT&T Center (formerly One SBC Center and One Bell Center) is a 44-story building in downtown St. Louis Missouri at 909 Chestnut Street on the Gateway Mall. It is Missouri's largest building by area with 1400000 square feet (130000 m2). The building is leased entirely by AT&T except for some small retail locations in the lobby.The building was built to replace the Southwestern Bell Building as the Southwestern Bell world headquarters.
 Sheraton Baltimore City Center is a high-rise hotel complex located in Baltimore Maryland. The complex contains two nearly identical towers rising to 302 feet/92 meters containing 27 floors and making them among the tallest buildings in Baltimore. The hotel opened as The Statler Hilton Baltimore in 1967 with just one tower containing 352 rooms. The second tower was a later addition.
 Finley Hospital is a medical facility operating in Dubuque Iowa. The hospital is part of UnityPoint Health. It is one of two hospitals operating in the city of Dubuque - the other being Mercy Medical Center. Finley is a 158 bed non-profit hospital accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations and has been licensed by the state of Iowa.The hospital is located at 350 N. Grandview Ave about three blocks north of Dodge Street (U.S. Highway 20).
 Lady Grey Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Senqu Local Municipality area in Lady Grey Eastern Cape in South Africa. It was previously a (private) Provincially Aided Hospital.The hospital forms a cluster with Empilisweni Umlamli and Cloete Joubert Hospitals.
 Iglesia de San Salvador (Nocedo) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in the 1170s.
 Winter Quarters in Tensas Parish Louisiana United States is a surviving example of an Antebellum cotton plantation. It is located south of Newellton on Lake St. Joseph an ox-bow lake or former bend in the Mississippi River. The main plantation home began as a hunting lodge in 1805 but was soon enlarged and became a residence. Before the Vicksburg Campaign of 1863 during the American Civil War there were fifteen plantations along Lake St. Joseph.
 Saint Nicholas Cathedral (Russian: Николо-Дворищенский собор Nikolo-Dvorishchensky Cathedral Saint Nicholas Cathedral on Yaroslav's Court) founded by Mstislav the Great in 1113 and consecrated in 1136 is the oldest surviving building in the central part of Veliky Novgorod after the Saint Sophia Cathedral.The Saint Nicholas Cathedral is on the World Heritage list as a part of object 604 Historic Monuments of Novgorod and Surroundings.
 Kent-Valentine House is a historic home in Richmond Virginia. It was built in 1845 from plans by Isaiah Rogers of Boston. It is a three-story five bay stuccoed brick mansion with atwo-story wing at the rear of the west side. It features a two-story three-bay portico with RomanIonic columns and balustrade.
 The Chekhov Shop is a museum in Taganrog Russia. This is a two-storey house where the famous Russian writer Anton Chekhov stayed with his family from 1869 to 1874.The building was built in late 1840s and is located on the crossing of Alexandrovskaya (formerly Monastirskaya Street) and Gogol Street (formerly Yarmarochniy Pereulok). The Chekhov family rented this building from the merchant Ivan Moiseev. The family moved into this building due to commercial interests of Anton Chekhov’s father.
 St Aloysius Convent of Mercy (fmr) is located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia part of a larger site owned by the Church. This building is a part of the complex built by the Sisters of Mercy to provide accommodation and a school. Reverend Matthew Gibney the Lord Bishop of Perth laid the foundation stone of this building in July 1903. Gibney returned for the official opening ceremony in September of the same year.
 Union City is a ghost town in Madison County Montana United States. Its elevation is 7582 feet (2311 m) and it is located at 45°12′30″N 111°56′3″W (45.2082579 -111.9424776). Founded in 1867 as a mining camp the community has since been abandoned. The entire site now owned by the Bureau of Land Management was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Hopkins Hollow Village is an historic district along Hopkins Hollow Road Narrow Lane and Perry Hill Road in Coventry Rhode Island and West Greenwich Rhode Island.The village features American colonial and Federal era architecture. The Hopkins Hollow Church built circa 1850 in a Greek Revival style is located within the village adjacent to the Hopkins Hollow cemetery. The village was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Moorhouse Chantry Chapel is a Grade II* listed Church of England chapel in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Laxton Nottinghamshire.
 Highcliff (Chinese: 曉廬) is a 252.4-metre (828-foot) tall skyscraper located on a south slope of Happy Valley on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. The 75 storey (70 floors of which are liveable space) building's construction began in 2000 and was completed in 2003 under a design by DLN Architects & Engineers.
 St. Aloysius Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish church at 19 I Street in the Near Northeast neighborhood of Washington D. C.. It is administered by the Jesuits since its founding and is named for St. Aloysius Gonzaga. It is often associated with Gonzaga College High School with which it is physically connected. The church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Jenkin Chapel Saltersford stands in an isolated position on the western slopes of the Pennines 4.3 miles (7 km) northeast of Macclesfield Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The chapel lies at the junction of three ancient trackways known as salters' ways because they were used by packhorses carrying salt. Later the tracks were used by cattle drovers and sheep dealers.
 Ørland Church (Norwegian: Ørland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the city of Brekstad along the Trondheimsfjord on the mainland of Ørland.The church is part of the Ørland parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The other church in the parish is the Storfosna Church on the island of Storfosna.The church was built in 1342 out of stone. The 2-foot (0.61 m) thick walls are whitewashed stone.
 Zeyrek Mosque (full name in Turkish: Molla Zeyrek Camii) is a mosque in Istanbul made of two former Eastern Orthodox churches and a chapel. It represents the most typical example of architecture of the Byzantine middle period in Constantinople and is after Hagia Sophia the second largest religious edifice built by the Byzantines remaining in Istanbul.
 The Caroline W. and M. Louise Flanders House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Theodore Hausmann Estate is a historic site in Vero Beach Florida. It is located at 4800 16th Street. On March 14 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Reformed Church is a historic Reformed church at 405 N. Main Street in Herkimer Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1835 and is a two story painted brick structure with a stone rear wing. It features a staged spire in the Federal style with a clock in the base of the spire.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Radio Centre is RTÉ's main production and control centre for their national radio networks. The building is located on the RTÉ campus at Donnybrook on the Southside of Dublin. Construction of the building commenced in June 1969 and was completed in April 1971.
 The Vachina Apartments-California Apartments at 45 California Ave. in Reno Nevada is a historic Classical Revival work of architect Frederick J. DeLongchamps. It was built in 1922.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Hamilton Historic District encompasses the early historic center of Hamilton Massachusetts. It includes properties at 540-700 and 563-641 Bay Road extending along the road from Orchard Road in the south to Cutler Road in the north. Numerous Greek Revival buildings are located within the district including the First Congregational Church of Hamilton built in 1843.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Hotel Aurora also known as Aurora Hotel is a hotel built in 1917 on Stolp Island in Aurora Illinois.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Waldorf Astoria Chicago formerly the Elysian Hotel Chicago is a luxury hotel located at 11 East Walton Street in the Gold Coast area of Chicago Illinois.
 The Germania Building is an eight-story historic Beaux-Arts/Classical Revival building at 135 W. Wells St. in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It was built in 1896 for George Brumder to house the headquarters of his burgeoning publishing empire. The 8-story 90000-square-foot (8400 m2) building was designed by German-trained architects Schnetzky & Liebert and was at the time of its construction the largest office building in the city of Milwaukee.
 Benjamin Aldrich Homestead is a historic homestead east of the terminus of Aldrich Road slightly east of Piper Hill in Colebrook New Hampshire.It was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Bogen Chapel (Norwegian: Bogen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Evenes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Bogen. The chapel is part of the Evenes parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1920 and it seats about 260 people.
 Fedje Church (Norwegian: Fedje kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Fedje on the northern coast of the island of Fedje. The church is part of the Fedje parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white stone church was built in 1941 by the architect Ole Halvorsen. The church was consecrated on 7 September 1941 by the Bishop Andreas Fleischer. It seats about 400 people.
 Ryōsen-ji (霊山寺) is a Buddhist temple in Nara Japan. Founded in the eighth century the Hondō is a National Treasure and a number of other buildings and temple treasures have been designated Important Cultural Properties.
 Starlight Station New York Ontario and Western Railway also known as Buckingham Township Municipal Building is a historic railway station located at Buckingham Township Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889 by the New York Ontario and Western Railway. It is a two-story rectangular wood frame building with a moderately pitched hipped roof. It features complex patterned wood siding. It ceased use as a railway station after which it housed a post office.
 Norway's Resistance Museum also known as the Norwegian Home Front Museum (Norwegian: Norges Hjemmefrontmuseum) is a museum located at the Akershus Fortress in Oslo. The museum collection focuses on Norwegian resistance during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany from 1940 to 1945. The museum displays equipment photos and documents from the war years.The museum was established as a foundation in 1966.
 The Horace Belden School originally built as the first Simsbury High School and now the third Simsbury Town Hall is a Late Gothic Revival style building built in 1907 in Simsbury Connecticut USA. The adjacent Central Grammar School now known as the Central Elementary School is a building built in the same style in 1913.
 Hadassah Medical Center (Hebrew: מרכז רפואי הדסה‎) is a medical organization that operates two university hospitals at Ein Kerem and Mount Scopus in Jerusalem Israel as well as schools of medicine dentistry nursing and pharmacology affiliated with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 600 N. Brittain Street in Shelbyville Tennessee.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Matfen Hall is a 19th-century country mansion in Matfen Northumberland England the seat of the Blackett baronets and now also a hotel and country golf club. It is a Grade II* listed building.The manor of West Matfen was owned in the 13th century by Philip de Ulcote and passed through his sisters to Felton by marriage to Hastings and later to Lawson. In 1625 the estate was bought by Lancelot Fenwick of a branch the old established local family of Fenwick Tower.
 The Viridian Tower is a 378 foot (115 m) 31 story skyscraper in Nashville Tennessee. The building's features include an H.G. Hill grocery store on the bottom floor rooftop pool fitness center and clubroom and secure key card access. In 2007 the building received Project of the Year Award by Urban Land Institute.
 UF Health Cancer Center at Orlando Health is a cancer treatment facility in the United States.For more than twenty years this cancer center has been a premier cancer treatment facility providing exceptional cancer care to more than 80000 patients. They are now a fully integrated statewide cancer treatment and research program with University of Florida Health.
 The Old U.S. Post Office in Williston North Dakota United States is a former post office building that was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It served as a post office from 1915 to 1969 and had other Federal offices in it as well. According to its NRHP nomination the massiveness and colossal columns of the building are ...
 The Egyptian Building is a historic college building in Richmond Virginia completed in 1845. It was the first permanent home of the Medical Department of Hampden-Sydney College (later renamed the Medical College of Virginia) and now is a part of Virginia Commonwealth University. It is considered by architectural scholars to be one of the finest surviving Egyptian Revival-style buildings in the nation.
 The Shelby County Courthouse in Harlan Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Christian Union Society Meetinghouse (South Walden United Methodist Church) is a historic church on Bayley-Hazen Military Road in South Walden Vermont.It was built in 1825 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 Breach Candy Hospital is a hospital located in Mumbai India.
 Friends Meeting House Richmond is a building in Retreat Road just off Friars Lane in the centre of Richmond London in which Richmond-upon-Thames Quakers meet for worship for an hour each Sunday morning.
 Liverpool Infirmary was founded in 1743 took 6 years to buildwas opened by the Earl of Derby on 25 March 1749. The first Infirmary stood on the site of the present day St George's Hall and cost £2600 to build. It was expanded in 1771. The Infirmary was brought about due in part to the unsanitary conditions of the town at the time. In 1700 the population was about 5000 by 1749 it had quadrupled to 20000. With the population growing fast the people were housed in ill drained streets.
 Hof van Sonoy was a restaurant located in Blokzijl Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2005-2008.Owner and head chef of Hof van Sonoy was Paul van Staveren.Restaurant Hof van Sonoy was located in a refurbished 19th century school.The restaurant lost its star in 2008 when the restaurant was closed.
 CentrePointe is residential commercial and retail development in Downtown Lexington Kentucky United States. The current plan as of 2013 consists of a 19 story high rise with surrounding low rise buildings.
 Church of St. John the Evangelist is a historic Episcopal church on Chittenden Road in Stockport Columbia County New York. It was built in 1845 and is a one story rectangular wood frame building in the Carpenter Gothic style. It features a projecting center entrance tower and steep gable roofs. The adjacent cemetery contains approximately 2200 burials from 1821 to the present.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Tawhid Mosque (Arabic: جامع التوحيد) is a contemporary mosque in Aleppo Syria located on Khalil al-Hindawi street on the right bank of the Queiq River. It was opened in 1981 and features a combined style of the early Islamic Abassid architecture and modern mosques.It has a large central dome surrounded with 4 smaller domes and 4 circular minarets. Its is surrounded with two churches and a small park. The mosque is notable for being built in a largely Christian-populated district of Aleppo.
 Metropolitan Building (Bengali: মেট্রোপলিটান বিল্ডিং) is the number 46.26 building on Jawaharlal Nehru Road in Kolkata near Esplanade. Formerly known as the Whiteway Laidlaw department store it was a famous department store in Calcutta during the British Rule in India. This neo-baroque emporium—with domes a clock tower and arched recessed windows—exemplifies fashionable shopping during the British Raj in British India. The building was built in 1905.
 Arfa Software Technology Park (previously known as Software Technology Park) is an information technology park in Lahore Punjab Pakistan built in 2009. It is biggest and most advanced IT park in Punjab. On 15 January 2012 Chief Minister of Punjab Mian Shahbaz Sharif announced a name change of Software Technology Park to Arfa Software Technology Park after World's youngest Microsoft Certified Professional Arfa Karim who died at the age of 16.
 Fort Astoria (also named Fort George) was the Pacific Fur Company's primary fur trading post in the Northwest and was the first American-owned settlement on the Pacific coast of what was to become the United States. After a short two-year term of US ownership the British owned and operated it for 33 years. It was the first British port on the Pacific coast of the Americas.
 Citigroup Center is a 42 story 588-foot (180 m) skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. Located at 500 W. Madison (between Clinton and Canal Streets) the structure was designed by the architecture firm Murphy/Jahn in a late modernist style. The building previously named the Northwestern Atrium Center was constructed between 1984 and 1987 on the air rights obtained by the destruction of the headhouse of the 1911 North Western Station.
 Hamnsund Church (Norwegian: Hamnsund kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Hamnsund just south of the village of Søvik. The church is part of the Hamnsund parish in the Nordre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1875 by the architect Brinchmann to serve the people of the western part of Haram municipality. The church seats about 350 people.
 The Zora Neale Hurston House was the home of author Zora Neale Hurston in Fort Pierce Florida. It was originally located at 1734 School Court but was moved north 500 feet in 1995 to 1734 Avenue L to allow for expansion of Lincoln Park Academy the school at which Hurston taught. On December 4 1991 it was designated as a U.S. National Historic Landmark.The house was in a development of new rental houses built by Dr. C.C.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Bandra is a Roman Catholic church in Bandra Mumbai. It was built in 1894 by Jesuit Missionaries. As the catholic population in Bandra increased in the latter half of the 20th century a new modern structure was constructed in its place. The new church was blessed and inaugurated on the 11th February 1981 by Archbishop Simon Pimenta Archbishop of Bombay.
 The Church of St Michael which stands next to the River Tone in Creech St Michael Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church came into the ownership of Montacute Priory in 1362.The musicians gallery was built in 1826 and was used until the installation of the Holdich organ in 1985. The organ had previously been in Rockwell Green Baptist Church since about 1860.
 Roop's Fort also known as Roop's Trading Post Fort Defiance and Roop House is a historic building in Susanville California. The building which was built in 1854 by Isaac Roop was the first building built by white settlers in Lassen County. The fort was originally a trading post for westbound migrants and was the first post west of Fort Hall in Idaho.
 Golden Heart Farm is a private residence in the hamlet of Bolton Landing New York in the United States. It served as the art colony of Thomas and Weber Furlong from 1921 to 1962.
 Augustus A. Smith House also known as Germain House is a historic home located at Attica in Wyoming County New York. It is a large irregularly massed Queen Anne style residence constructed in 1890. It features a large two story semi-circular window bay on the south facade and other fine architectural details in keeping with its style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Longmont Fire Department Old Station 1 is a former fire station in Longmont Colorado United States. Constructed in 1907 it remained in use as a fire station until 1971 after which it was converted into offices for community groups. In 1985 the station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places qualifying because of its place in local history.
 Pima County Courthouse is the former main county courthouse building in downtown Tucson Arizona. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by Roy Place in 1928 in Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style architecture.The building still serves as a courthouse for lower level state criminal matters as well as housing the offices of the Pima County Treasurer and Recorder.
 The William Bryant Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at 2 Spring Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It was built in 1851 by Worchester Bros. for William Bryant Jr. a shoecutter and Lucinda A. (Hook) Bryant his wife. It is one of three octagon houses built in Stoneham during the 1850s and is the best preserved. The eight walls rise two floors and are covered by a bracketed roof with a central octagonal cupola.
 Fosdick-Masten Park High School now known as City Honors School is a historic public high school building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The school is located on a 5.2-acre (2.1 ha) site. It is a 3 1⁄2-story H-shaped brick structure constructed in 1912–1914 and sheathed in white glazed terra cotta tile.It was designed by architects Esenwein & Johnson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Tabor Antislavery Historic District is a historic district on Park Center Orange & Elm Streets in Tabor Iowa.The area was largely settled in 1853 and many mid-19th century revival buildings survive. The district includes the Todd House and the Public Square (Tabor City Park). This area was the home to several notable abolitionists including Rev. John Todd. John Brown visited the area during his raids in the 1850s. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Sterrett Brothers' Dry Goods Store is a historic commercial structure located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built about 1890 in what has become known as the Victorian Block of Charleston. The building originally had three floors with a storefront on the first floor. Sometime after 1898 but before 1917 a fourth story was added to the building. Since its construction by the Sterrett Brothers it has been occupied by Sacks Shoe Store J.C.
 Marina Square (Chinese: 滨海广场) is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in the late 1980s. It is part of the first building complex built on the reclaimed land at Marina Centre and was the largest shopping mall in the country at the time. The complex also houses three hotels which are Mandarin Oriental Marina Mandarin and the The Pan Pacific Singapore.In 2004 the mall started major renovation works which were completed in mid-2006.
 Bellevue Historic District is roughly bounded by U.S. 93 Cedar 4th and Oak Sts. in Bellevue Idaho. The Late Victorian style buildings were constructed in 1880 and are significant for their architecture. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Plymouth Synagogue is a synagogue in the city of Plymouth England. Built in 1762 it is a Listed Grade II* building and the oldest synagogue built by Ashkenazi Jews in the English speaking world.
 The Kon-Tiki Theatre was a Polynesian-themed cinema operating in Trotwood Ohio United States a suburb of Dayton Ohio between 1968 and 1999. The unique building was a landmark along Salem Avenue for decades before being demolished in 2005 to make room for a medical facility.The Kon Tiki was originally owned and operated by the Levin family. On May 13 1987 the owners leased it to USA Cinemas who renamed it Salem Avenue Cinemas.
 The Middle Street Synagogue is a synagogue in the centre of Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It was the centre for Jewish worship in Brighton and Hove for more than a century and has been called Brighton's second most important historic building. Although it is not in full-time use the building is still open at certain times and services are still held at certain times of the year.
 BlackFriars Newcastle-upon-Tyne was a friary in Tyne and Wear England.
 Timothy Hoxie House is an historic house at 135 Hillside Street in Boston Massachusetts.The house was built in 1854 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 Established in 1964 the Aga Khan Hospital Dar es Salaam is an 80-bed multispecialty hospital offering quality health care. The hospital provides general medical services specialist clinics and state of the art diagnostic services.
 Mōtsū-ji (毛越寺) refers to the Buddhist temple of the Tendai sect in Hiraizumi and to the historic area surrounding it containing the ruins of two older temples Enryū-ji (圓隆寺) and Kashō-ji (嘉祥寺) in a Jōdo (Pure Land) garden. The current temple was built in the 18th century and bears no relation to the ancient temples that once stood here.
 The South Center School House is a historic one-room school house on Washington Mountain Road in Washington Massachusetts. The school was built in 1880 at the site of the town's first school for $300. Washington's population was in a period of decline through the turn of the century and the school closed in 1922. It was restored by the local historic commission in the 1970s and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Walter E. Hoffman United States Courthouse formerly known as the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia in Norfolk Virginia. Built in 1932 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It reflects Art Deco architecture. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office.
 Congregation Ahavath Beth Israel is a synagogue in Boise Idaho. Its 1896 building is thought to be the oldest synagogue building in continuous use in the United States west of the Mississippi River. The congregation is affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism.
 The City Creek Center is a mixed-use development with an upscale open-air shopping center office and residential buildings fountain and simulated creek near Temple Square in downtown Salt Lake City Utah. It is an undertaking by Property Reserve Inc. (the commercial real estate division of the Corporation of the President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints) and Taubman Centers Inc.
 John E. Adams House is an historic house at 11 Allen Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1867 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Bank Bottom Mill later known as Marsden Mill was an important centre for the production of woollen cloth in Marsden West Yorkshire England. Production of cloth ceased in 2003.
 Rockelstad Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 The church of the Holy Savior of Valdediós (Spanish: Iglesia de San Salvador de Valdediós) is a Roman Catholic pre-romanesque church located next to Villaviciosa Asturias Spain.The church stands in the Boides valley (Villaviciosa) the place where Alfonso III of Asturias was detained when he was dispossessed by his sons and where there used to be an old convent governed by the Benedictine Order substituted in the 13th century by the Cistercians.
 HM Prison The Mount is a Category C men's prison located on the outskirts of Bovingdon village in Hertfordshire England. The Mount Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Hubert H. Humphrey Building is a low-rise Brutalist office building located in Washington D.C. in the United States. Originally known as the South Portal Building the Hubert H. Humphrey Building was dedicated on November 1 1977. It became the headquarters of the United States Department of Health Education and Welfare (HEW).
 The Gurdon Bill Store is located in Ledyard Connecticut. In 1818 the land for the store was purchased by Gurdon Bill and his partner Philip Gray. In 1819 Gray sold his interest in the store for $500. Bill operated the store until his death in 1856 and the store is believed to have made its final transaction in 1868. It has not been used since it was sold to the Congregational Society in 1875 retaining its historical integrity.
 The Pieve of Saint Syrus (Italian: Pieve di San Siro) is a church in the village of Cemmo a frazione of Capo di Ponte (Lombardy northern Italy) at 410 meters above sea level. It was one of the pievi or isolated churches with baptistries among which the territory of Val Camonica was divided.
 Blackpool Central Mosque and Islamic Community Centre is a Mosque in Blackpool Lancashire England.
 The Auburn Masonic Temple also known as the Auburn Masonic Hall and the John H. Robinson Memorial Masonic Temple is an historic two-story Masonic building located at 948 Lincoln Way on the Central Square in Auburn California. In 1913 Eureka Lodge No. 16 Free and Accepted Masons chartered in 1851 bought two adjoining one-story redbrick commercial buildings on this site for $17000 and commissioned architect Allen D.
 The Beacon – Roces Tower is a residential condominium skyscraper under construction in Makati City Philippines and has a height of 158 m (518.37 feet). It is the first of three towers and part of The Beacon complex. The Beacon is being developed by Geo Estate Estate Development Corporation in cooperation with New Pacific Resources Management Inc. Groundbreaking for the project was on January 28 2008 while actual construction works for Roces Tower started on February 8 2008.
 The Maurice Seitz House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Joseph H. Brown Elementary School is an elementary school on Frankford Avenue at Stanwood Street in the Northeast Philadelphia area of Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States currently serving students from kindergarten to sixth grade.The current school building was constructed in 1937 replacing an earlier building on the same site. The school building was designed by Irwin T.
 The St. Nicholas Chapel in Pedro Bay Alaska is a historic Russian Orthodox church that was built in 1890. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It is a 15-by-15-foot (4.6 m × 4.6 m) building with an extension at its altar end. It has log walls. In 1973 it was in quite good condition and appeared unaltered from its original 1890 construction.Pedro Bay is in the Lake and Peninsula Borough.
 Ali Pasha's Mosque was constructed in Sarajevo during 1560-61 as a vakuf (legacy or perpetual endowment) of Hadim Ali-pasha the former Ottoman governor of the Budapest administrative district (budimski begler-beg) and the Bosnia Pashaluk.
 610 Lexington Avenue is a residential skyscraper under construction in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Upon completion it is to rise 62 stories and 216 metres (709 ft) and will house a Shangri-La Hotel and condos. As a result of the financial crisis that began in 2007 and the downturn in the residential real estate market the building's construction was put on indefinite hold in 2009.
 The Putnam House is a historic building in the Harmar Historic District of Marietta Washington County Ohio USA on the National Register of Historic Places. The house overlooks the Muskingum River.The building was built in 1805 for David Putnam grandson of General Israel Putnam and nephew of General Rufus Putnam. In 1807 it co-housed the first banking corporation in the Northwest Territory and Ohio. David Putnam lived here for 51 years until he died in 1856.
 Christ Church At The Quarry is a historic church in Gambier Ohio.It was built in 1863 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Knox Mansion is a historical mansion in the city of Johnstown Fulton County New York. The house was built in 1889 by the gelatine magnate and business woman Rose Knox who owned Knox Gelatine and the Knox Gelatine Factory which also resides in Johnstown. It has 42 rooms an elevator a grand staircase a solid lava ash fireplace which was an import from a castle in Italy the castle which it is came from is unknown.
 Knob Creek Farm has been a noncontinuous section of the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historical Park since 2001; prior to that date it was privately owned. From 1811 to 1816 it was the home of the future President of the United States Abraham Lincoln who said it was his earliest recollection. The site consists of four buildings two of which are historical in nature.The total acreage of Knob Creek Farm is 228 acres (92 ha) of which the Lincolns lived on 30 acres (12 ha).
 Ford Administration Building is a historic school located at Peekskill Westchester County New York. It was built in 1925 and is a two story I-shaped red brick building in the Colonial Revival style. It features a central portico with four Doric order columns. The slate covered hipped roof is topped by a cupola. It houses the 500-seat Ford Auditorium.
 The Admiral Theater is a landmark of the North Admiral neighborhood of West Seattle famous for showing films that are just about to be released on video regardless of format.While the Admiral used to be the spot to go for tight-wad Tuesdays at a mere $0.99 per film and a normal price of $2.00 (with tickets good for a double feature) the current cost of a ticket is $5.50.The Admiral has been sold as of June 2008 to a new group out of Bainbridge Island WA.
 The Judson Memorial Church is located on Washington Square South between Thompson Street and Sullivan Street opposite Washington Square Park in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City.
 The Billings Bridge Plaza is a shopping centre located in Ottawa Ontario Canada. Originally built in 1954 it was the first shopping centre built in the city. It did not become enclosed until 1972. It is located immediately south of the Rideau River on the corner of Bank Street and Riverside Drive beside a large athletics complex the RA Centre. The anchor stores are Target and Your Independent Grocer.
 Northrup Hill School District 10 is a historic one-room school building located at Rathbone in Steuben County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a vernacular Greek Revival style one story rectangular gable roofed frame structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It is now used as a museum by the Middletown Historical Society.
 The J. T. Abbot House is a historic house at 34 Essex Street in Andover Massachusetts. The Gothic Revival house was built in 1844 for Joseph Thompson Abbot by Jacob Chickering a leading local real estate developer and builder of the mid 19th century. The ornamental detailing is among the most elaborate of the time in the town.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 For the Australian mall of the same name see 385 Bourke Street.The Galleria Shopping Centre (known locally as Galleria Mall) is a small neighbourhood shopping centre located at Dufferin and Dupont streets in Toronto Canada. The mall is single storey enclosed and can accommodate between 40 and 50 tenants.
 Fire House No. 1 stands as one of the first fire houses in the city of Duluth in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is located on the north corner of 1st Avenue East and 3rd Street.
 The Damariscove Lifesaving Station is located on Damariscove Island in Boothbay Maine. The station was built in 1897 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 1987.
 Lashkar Gah Mosque is a mosque in the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand province of south-western Afghanistan.
 Hatfield Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Newtown Mingo County West Virginia. The earliest burial dates to 1881 and is the grave of Ephraim Hatfield. The cemetery contains 21 burials including Elias Hatfield brother of Captain Anderson Devil Anse Hatfield and father of Dr. Henry D. Hatfield (1875-1962). It is notable as a burial place for members of the Hatfield family early settlers of the region and participants in the famous Hatfield-McCoy feud during the 19th century.
 Leigh Street Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located in Richmond Virginia. It was designed by noted architect Samuel Sloan and built between 1854 and 1857. It is a three-story Greek Revival style stuccoed brick structure. It features a Grecian Doric pedimented portico with six fluted columns and a full entablature which continues around the side of the church. Additions were made in 1911 1917 and 1930.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Cullman County Museum is a historical museum located in downtown Cullman Alabama on the corner of Arnold St. and 2nd Ave. N.E. It is housed in a replica of the home of Col. John G. Cullmann the founder of Cullman. The museum which opened in 1973 during the town's centennial collects and preserves items that illustrate life in Cullman's past including the area's natural history and its Native American and German settlers.
 Comme Chez Soi is a restaurant in Brussels Belgium. The chef is Lionel Rigolet Gault Millau's Belgian Chef of the Year 2007.For 27 years (as of 1979) it was rated with 3 stars by the Michelin Red Guide. In 2006 it was downgraded to two stars after chef and owner Pierre Wynants announced he would step down in favour of his son-in-law Rigolet.The restaurant was founded in 1926 by Georges Cuvelier originally a coal miner from the Belgian Borinage region.
 The Woonsocket District Courthouse is an historic court building on 24 Front Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The Courthouse was built in 1894 in a Romanesque style by William Walker & R.W. Howard with work also done by William Norton & Allaie. The Court served as the location for the Fifth Division of the District Court until it merged into Providence's 6th Division. After closing the Courthouse was renovated into condominia.
 Denmar is a private psychiatric hospital situated in the east of Pretoria.
 St. Olave's Church Gatcombe is a parish church in the Church of England located in Gatcombe Isle of Wight.
 The Floating Hospital is a non-profit organization that provides healthcare services to medically underserved communities in New York City both from its headquarters in Long Island City Queens and from satellite offices in other parts of the city.
 Cherokee County Courthouse in Canton Georgia was built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Originally called the New Cumberland Covered Bridge it was built in 1877 by William Parks of Marion Indiana. This Howe Truss bridge is 181 feet (55 m) long.
 St Nicholas Market is a market in Bristol England. It is located on Corn Street in The Exchange at Bristol City Centre. It is also home to Bristol Farmers' Market the Nails Market and the Slow Food Market all of which are located on Corn Street in front of the Exchange.
 Bremanger Church (Norwegian: Bremanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Bremanger on the island of Bremangerlandet. The church is part of the Bremanger parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The wooden long church was built in 1914 and it was originally called Bremangerpollen Chapel. The name was changed to Bremanger Church in 1952.
 South Side Baptist Church is a historic church at 2400 Dodson Avenue in Fort Smith Arkansas.It was built in 1948 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 The Stonewall Jackson's Headquarters Museum is a house at 415 North Braddock Street Winchester Virginia owned by Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Tilghman Moore commander of the 31st Virginia Militia. Later while commanding the 4th Virginia Infantry Moore offered his home to serve as the headquarters for Confederate Major General Thomas J. Stonewall Jackson.
 Bellevue Standpipe is a historic water storage tank on Bellevue Hill at Washington Street and West Roxbury Parkway in Boston Massachusetts. The masonry structure was built by the Metropolitan Water and Sewerage Board (now MWRA) in 1914 to contain a 2500000 steel water storage tank as part of the Southern Extra High Service Area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.A second water storage tank was added at this location in 1955-56.
 The Park Centre for Mental Health is a heritage-listed psychiatric hospital located in Wacol in Queensland and is one of the largest psychiatric hospitals in Australia. The hospital provides a range of mental health services including extended inpatient care mental health research education and a high security psychiatric unit.
 St. Bartholomew's Hospital Rochester was founded in 1078 for the care of the poor and lepers. It survived as a charity until taken over with the founding of the National Health Service.
 The Westinghouse Air Brake Company General Office Building (Known locally as The Castle or Library Hall) in Wilmerding Pennsylvania is a building from 1890. It was listed on the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation in 1975 National Register of Historic Places in 1987. Originally built as an office building for the Westinghouse Air Brake Company it now houses The George Westinghouse Museum.
 The Broomfield Rowhouse is located at 2502-2504 Lake Street in the Near North Side neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. It was designed by African American architect Clarence W. Wigington who was later regarded as a master in his field. His design for the house won a 1909 Good Housekeeping competition. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Eaton-Prescott House is a historic house at 284 Summer Avenue in Reading Massachusetts. Its oldest portion was probably built before 1757. By that year it had acquired a leanto section since removed or incorporated into the main structure of the house. It is now a principally Georgian style house although its door surround dates to the Greek Revival period of the 1830s-40s.
 Teddington Baptist Church is an evangelical Baptist church located at Church Road in the London suburb of Teddington. The church's mission statement is To bring Christ to our community and our community to Christ.The first members of the church met in a rented room in 1877. The church was officially established in 1881. The church's following grew rapidly and by 1895 the church inaugurated a building with a seating capacity of 500.
 The Village Market is a large shopping recreation and entertainment complex in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. It accommodates over 150 stores outlets covering 210000 square feet (20000 m2) of retail space 20000 square feet (1900 m2) square feet of office space in addition to recreation and entertainment facilities.The Village Market is located in the Gigiri residential area which is about 6 miles (9.7 km) from Nairobi city center on Limuru Road.
 Warrenpoint (also known as William Branson House) is an historic home located in Knauertown Pennsylvania in Chester County. The house was built in 1756 in the Georgian Colonial style by William Branson.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 11 1975.
 The Lotus Tower (or Colombo Lotus Tower) is an under construction tower with a height of 350 metres located in Colombo Sri Lanka. It was first proposed to be built in Peliyagoda Town but later the Government of Sri Lanka decided to shift the location. The lotus-shaped tower will be used for communication and observation with construction costing $104.3 million funded by EXIM Bank of Peoples' Republic of China.
 US Post Office-St. Johnsville is a historic post office building located at St. Johnsville in Montgomery County New York United States. It was built in 1936 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under Louis A. Simon. It is a one story symmetrical brick building on a stone watertable in the Colonial Revival style.
 Fairview also known as the Mayor James Moore House is a historic home located southeast of Odessa New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1773 and is a two-story single pile brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a gable roof original rear kitchen ell and has a center-passage plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Mary Anne Wales House also known as The Briar-Patch is a historic house on Snow Hill Road in Dublin New Hampshire. The 2-1/2 story Shingle style house was built in 1886 for Miss Mary Anne Wales who had been summering in Dublin for twenty years before having this house built. The house is built in a ridge with commanding views to the east and west.
 Ramathibodi Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลรามาธิบดี ) is a university hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital or Ramathibodi Hospital Faculty of Medicine which is a faculty within Mahidol University and the fourth oldest medical school in Thailand.
 Wilderstein is a 19th-century Queen-Anne-style country house on the Hudson River in Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York United States.
 The Spanish Fork Fire Station was built in 1934 in Spanish Fork Utah. It included Colonial Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The station was delisted from the National Register in 1996. Delisting occurs usually when a historic building has been demolished or otherwise lost its historic integrity.
 The Otter Lake Community Church built in 1861 in Hawkinsville New York is now located on the east side of Route 28 in in Otter Lake Oneida County New York. It was moved to this site in 1921.This Gothic revival style church has the following architectural features: emphasis on verticality; board and batten siding; steeply pitched roof; and arched windows and door. The interior of the church contains the original pews altar and balcony.
 Arnheim is a historic plantation home located at Radford Virginia. It was built between 1838 and 1840 and is a two-story three bay Federal / Greek Revival style brick dwelling. It is a symmetrical double-pile plan dwelling 40 feet square and sitting on a raised brick basement. In 1939 it was converted into a home economics annex for the adjacent Radford High School. Arnheim was built by Dr. John Blair Radford for whom the City of Radford is named.
 Sutter Delta Medical Center is a hospital in Antioch California.It is part of the Sutter Health network a large corporate health care provider that ranks among dominant providers of health services in the state of California.The not-for-profit health care network which includes Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Berkeley and Oakland Eden Medical Center in Castro Valley and Sutter Delta Medical Center in Antioch reported an operating margin of $101 million in 2001.Sources: Delta Sutter websites SF-Chronicle and East Bay Business Journal.
 The Oakfield Grange No. 414 is an historic structure in Oakfield Maine. It was built in 1906 and served historically as a meeting hall and as an auditorium. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Sears Roebuck and Company Department Store in Miami Florida was an Art Deco building built in 1929 for Sears Roebuck and Company. The building was the first known implementation of Art Deco architecture in the county and was spectacular. It was followed a year later by the Shrine Building (Miami Florida) an application of Art Deco with local Seminole Indian motifs added as an interesting twist.
 Somerset Cricket Museum in Taunton Somerset England is a small museum housing exhibits on the history of cricket with a particular emphasis on the history of Somerset County Cricket Club.
 The Reichstag building (German: Reichstagsgebäude; officially: Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude) is a historical edifice in Berlin Germany constructed to house the Imperial Diet (German: Reichstag) of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894 and housed the Diet until 1933 when it was severely damaged in a fire.
 The Emory Bannister House was a historic house at 3 Harvard Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1847 the four bay wood frame Greek Revival house was one of the first to be built after Harvard Street was laid out. It was built for Emory Bannister a local politician.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished in 1981.
 The Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center is a museum of Native American culture in Mashantucket Connecticut owned and operated by the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation.
 Old Saint Paul's is an historic church of the Scottish Episcopal Church in the heart of Edinburgh's Old Town in Scotland. It stands on the site of the original home of the separate Scottish Episcopal Church part of the Anglican Communion which evolved with the adoption of the Presbyterian governance by the established Church of Scotland.Its congregation originally formed a breakaway group from the city's St Giles' Cathedral and became a pro-cathedral.
 St Mark's Church Oldcotes is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Oldcotes.
 Shelter Island Windmill is an historic windmill north of Manwaring Road in Shelter Island Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1810.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Senator Stephen Benton Elkins House also known as Halliehurst is a historic mansion located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was designed by noted architect Charles T. Mott and built in 1890 as a summer home for U.S. Senator Stephen Benton Elkins. It consists of a three-story main block with hipped roof and service wing. The roof is punctuated by towers turrets dormers and chimneys. A porch surrounds much of the first floor.
 Ørnes Church (Norwegian: Ørnes menighetshus) is a chapel in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Ørnes. The church is part of the Fore og Meløy parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The chapel was built in 1990 and it seats about 300 people.
 The Promenade Shopping Centre (also known as the Promenade Mall) is a large regional shopping centre located on Bathurst Street in the area of Thornhill Ontario Stores include American Eagle H and M and Hollister With more than 170 stores in 879000 sq ft (81700 m2) of retail space the shopping centre is anchored by Sears T & T Supermarket Rainbow Cinemas H&M and Old Navy. Other retailers include Aritzia Lululemon Swarovski American Eagle Outfitters Coach and Aroma Espresso Bar.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Paul is located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010 as St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
 The Great Orlando Wheel (or Orlando Great Wheel) was a 400 ft (122 m) giant Ferris wheel proposed by Great Wheel Corporation for Orange County Florida United States near Orlando.It would have provided a 25-mile (40 km) view of Central Florida attractions such as SeaWorld Universal Studios and Walt Disney World as well as firework displays and rocket launches from Kennedy Space Center.It was to have been constructed adjacent to the Orlando–Orange County Convention Center near Interstate 4 SeaWorld and International Drive. 
 Nicolet Public School is located in Kaukauna Wisconsin. Currently it serves as an elementary school. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architectural significance.
 Hatfield Broad Oak Priory was a priory in Essex England.
 Laurel and Michigan Avenues Row was a set of historic rowhouses located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It was a set of speculative multi-unit frame residences designed to resemble rowhouses. The set of nine frame two story rowhouses were built about 1880. They were demolished in 1997.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 William Stoutenburgh House is a historic home located at Hyde Park in Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1765 and is a one story rectangular dwelling five bays in length and two bays in width. It is constructed of fieldstone. The main entrance is sheltered by a one bay flat roofed wood porch.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Menokin also known as Francis Lightfoot Lee House was the home of Francis Lightfoot Lee near Warsaw Virginia. Lee was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence. Menokin was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS) documentation including photos from the 1940s shows the house standing and reported that it was in poor condition awaiting a restorer.
 St Peter's Notting Hill is a Victorian Anglican church in Kensington Park Road Notting Hill London. Designed in the classical style by architect Thomas Allom work was begun in 1855 and completed in 1857.
 The Landers Theatre in Springfield Missouri built in 1909 is the second oldest and largest civic theater operation in Missouri. It has been in continuous use either as a legitimate theatre or a movie theater since it opened. In 1928 the theater became the 35th facility in the world to acquire sound film.
 The Audubon House & Tropical Gardens is located at 205 Whitehead Street Key West Florida.Brick-pathed gardens offer a lush 1-acre (4000 m2) view of orchids bromeliads and other tropical foliage an herb garden and 1840-style nursery.The house has many antique furnishings purchased from estate sales and auctions in Europe.The house contains 28 first edition works of the famous ornithologist John James Audubon.
 La Plaza Mall is a regional shopping mall located in McAllen Texas at the intersection of Expressway 83 and 10th Street. It has 1215000 square feet (112900 m2) of gross leasable area.
 CNL Center City Commons is a complex of buildings in Downtown Orlando. The main building is a 250 foot tall skyscraper that is the headquarters of CNLBank Alliance Bankshares before being acquired by the founder of CNL Financial Group. The complex is also home to Orlando's current city hall which was built after in the old one was demolished in the same area. The demolition was used in the movie Lethal Weapon 3.
 St Dunstan's Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Woking Surrey. At first it was built in 1899. It was replaced by a larger church in 1923 and again in 2008. The most recent church was dedicated in 2008 by the Bishop of Arundel and Brighton and Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor. It is situated on the corner of Shaftesbury Road and Pembroke Road outside the centre of Woking. It is in the deanery of Woking in the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
 Rock Hall is a circa 1912 Mediterranean Revival house in Colebrook Connecticut now used as a hotel. The 10000-square-foot (930 m2) building was designed by the architect Addison Mizner of Palm Beach Florida originally as a home for Jerome Alexandre and his wife Violet Adelaide Oakley. It is reportedly Mizner's only surviving work in the northern United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Brow's Tavern is a historic tavern at 210 Tremont Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1780 and enlarged circa 1800. It is reputed to have once been a tavern on the Bristol Path (now known as Tremont Street). The house was originally a five-bay Cape Cod style house with a narrow doorway with a transom. It was expanded to the west.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The original doors have since been replaced.
 HM Prison Castington was a male juvenile's prison and Young Offenders Institution located in the village of Acklington in Northumberland England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.Castington Prison was the most northerly Young Offenders Institution in England and was built on the site of the former RAF Acklington airfield.
 Mesick House is an historic home constructed in 1875 in the Second Empire and Italianate Victorian architecture styles. It is one of two High Victorians remaining in Sacramento that display a mansard roof (the other being Stanford Mansion).The home gets its name from its original owner Mary Mesick.It is located at 517 8th Street Sacramento California.
 The Beaver County Courthouse in Beaver Utah was built in 1882 in a Late Victorian architectural style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. Construction took place from 1876 to 1882 and a vault and jail were added to the rear in later years.
 St. John Chrysostom Church also known as the Episcopal Church of St. John Chrysostom and the Little Red Church on the Hill is an historic wooden Episcopal church building located at 1111 Genesee Street in Delafield Waukesha County Wisconsin. Built in 1853 it was designed by noted New York architect Richard Michell Upjohn working with his father Richard Upjohn in what has come to be known as the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture.
 The historic Calgary City Hall is currently the office of the Mayor and city councillors. The building was completed in 1911. In 1962 a four-storey brick addition was added to the rear of the building. In 1985 the Calgary Municipal Building was built adjacent to the City Hall to house the offices of 2000 civic administrators.The Calgary City Hall was designated a national historic site in 1984.
 Umpqua Bank Plaza is a 19-story tall office tower in Downtown Portland Oregon United States. Faced with red brick the structure is 263 feet (80 m) tall and has 265000 square feet (24600 m2) of space. Opened in 1975 at a cost of $16 million the building was designed by Wolff Zimmer Gunsul Frasca (now known as ZGF Architects). Originally named the Benjamin Franklin Plaza after tenant Benj.
 St. Mary's is a cathedral-style church located at 540 Elm Street in Stamford Connecticut. The church is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of BridgeportThe main church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was covered in a Multiple Property Submission study of Downtown Stamford Ecclesiastical Complexes.
 Lobb's Cemetery aka Lobb's Run Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. It takes its name from Lobb's Run a minor tributary of the Monongahela River which flows by the entrance to the cemetery.The former Yohogania County Courthouse was once located close to this cemetery and some of the rebels involved in the Whiskey Rebellion were buried in this cemetery around 1794.The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Crossing is an independent non-denominational church headquartered in Quincy Illinois associated with the Christian Churches in the Restoration Movement. The church oversees locations in Macomb Illinois Kirksville Missouri Hannibal Missouri Lima Illinois and Pittsfield Illinois. and maintains an online presence.The church was founded in 1970 as a daughter church of Madison Park Christian Church. Weekend church attendance exceeds 5000 across its campuses.
 The O'Dea House is a historic home located in Berwyn Heights Prince George's County Maryland United States. The house was built in 1888 from a pattern book design and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame Queen Anne-style dwelling. Most notable of its features is the three-story octagonal tower and varied ornamental surface coverings.The O'Dea House is significant for its association with the development of Berwyn Heights originally Charlton Heights an early streetcar suburb of Washington D.C.
 Holy Trinity Church Howgill stands in a country lane near the hamlet of Howgill between Sedbergh and Tebay Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Ewecross the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Marqués de Valdecilla University Hospital mainly known as Valdecilla is a general hospital located in the city of Santander Cantabria in Spain.
 Clayton High School Auditorium is an historic structure serving the public school of Clayton Oklahoma. Clayton is located in the Kiamichi Mountains of Pushmataha County Oklahoma.The auditorium was constructed as a Works Progress Administration (WPA) public works project in 1936-1937 during the Great Depression.
 The Asuka Historical Museum (飛鳥資料館 Asuka Shiryōkan) is a historical museum in Okuyama Asuka Nara Prefecture Japan. The museum was founded in 1975 and is a unit of the Nara National Research Institute for Cultural Properties.
 The former Santa Fe Railway Shops in Albuquerque New Mexico consist of eighteen surviving buildings erected between 1915 and 1925. The complex is located south of downtown in the Barelas neighborhood bounded by Second Street Hazeldine Avenue Commercial Street and Pacific Avenue. The shops were one of four major maintenance facilities constructed by the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway the others being located in Topeka Kansas Cleburne Texas and San Bernardino California.
 The U.S. Post Office-Meriden Main also known as Meriden Main Post Office is a building in Meriden Connecticut that was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes Beaux Arts architecture.
 The Douglas and Charlotte Grant House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home that was constructed in Marion Iowa in 1946.
 The Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Concord (MCI-Concord) is a medium security prison for men located in Concord Massachusetts in the United States. Opened in 1878 it is the oldest running state prison for men in Massachusetts. This prison is under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
 Château de Bridoire is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The La Crosse County School of Agriculture and Domestic Economy is a historic structure in Onalaska Wisconsin. It was designed by architects Parkinson & Dockendorff from La Crosse Wisconsin. It opened in 1909 as a school offering instruction in agriculture and domestic science. The school closed in 1925. The building has also been known as the Onalaska High School Annex. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Baker Ranger Station was established in 1911 at the edge of Baker Nevada to administer U.S. government lands in White Pine County Nevada. The original 80 acres (32 ha) plot was first known as the Baker Administrative Site becoming a year-round ranger station in 1918 for the Baker Ranger District of Nevada National Forest. The compound became a guard station and work site with the division of Nevada National Forest into Humboldt and Toiyabe National Forests in 1957.
 The Century Tower is a 157-foot-tall (48 m) carillon tower in the center of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida.
 The Kintner House Hotel is a historic bed & breakfast located within the Corydon Historic District in Corydon Indiana. It is on the National Register of Historic Places since 1987. The present building was built in 1873. The original Kintner House two blocks away was where John Hunt Morgan learned that Robert E Lee lost at the Battle of Gettysburg. The Kintner House remained a hotel until 1920 and was used as offices until 1986 when it was extensively restored.
 Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock is an egalitarian synagogue located at 5711 Monte Vista Street in Highland Park Los Angeles California. Though it has roots in the Conservative tradition it is unaffiliated with any Jewish religious movements.First organized as the Highland Park Hebrew School Association in 1923 it completed construction of its Spanish Colonial Revival style building in 1930 at a cost of $4077.88.
 Jefferson Branch Library is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library in the Jefferson Park neighborhood of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1923 based on a Spanish Colonial Revival design by architect C.E. Noerenberg.In 1987 the Jefferson Branch and several other branch libraries in Los Angeles were added to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic group submission.
 The Fountain of Campo das Hortas (Portuguese: Chafariz do Campo das Hortas) is a fountain located in civil parish of Sé municipality of Braga in northern Portugal.
 Maglič (Serbian Cyrillic: Маглич [mâɡlitʃ]) is a 13th-century castle about 20 km south of Kraljevo Serbia. The castle is located atop a hill around which the Ibar river makes a curve about 100 m above the river. The fortress protected the only road that connected the Great Morava Valley and Kosovo polje. Its name means The Foggy One from the Serbian word Magla (Магла) meaning fog.Maglič was included on the list of Cultural Monuments of Exceptional Importance in 1979.
 The Courtland Flats are an apartment building on Court Street in Cincinnati Ohio United States. A brick building constructed in 1902 it was the first Second Renaissance Revival apartment building to be constructed in the city's downtown.
 Dixie Plaza is a shopping plaza located in Mississauga Canada at 3100 Dixie Rd (intersection of Dundas Street West and Dixie Rd). Dixie Plaza has 15 stores and one anchor store which is Premier Fitness. The plaza has three restaurants one grocery store two thrift stores and one department store. Dixie Plaza's manager developer and owner is Rio Can.
 Glendower now known as Glendower State Memorial or Glendower Mansion is an historic Greek Revival style house located at 105 Cincinnati Avenue U.S. Route 42 Cincinnati Avenue in Lebanon Ohio. It was built in the 1836 by Amos Bennett for John Milton Williams a Lebanon merchant and named for Owen Glendower. It has been called one of the finest examples of the Greek Revival architecture in the Middle West.On November 10 1970 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hjularöd Castle (Swedish: Hjularöds slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.The castle was first mentioned in 1391 but the current castle was built in 1894-1897. It was built on command of the former owner chamberlain Hans Gustaf Toll.
 The Gethsemane Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church located at 4461 Twenty-Eighth Street in Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building now houses the Motor City Missionary Baptist Church.
 The James Lorin Richards House is an historic house and carriage barn in Newton Massachusetts. The house is located at 47 Kirkstall Road and the carriage barn which has been converted to a residence is at 22 Oakwood Road. The high-style Shingle buildings were designed by Samuel J. Brown and built in 1901 for James Lorin Richards a successful businessman who made his fortune in tobacco.The house and barn were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Crystal Tower is a 20-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Crystal Tower is expected to be completed in 2009.Fortune Group has unveiled the AED 136 million Crystal Tower which will offer 300000 square feet (28000 m2) of office space with dedicated retail and recreational areas in Dubai Business Bay.
 St Mary's Church Halton is in Halton which was formerly a separate village but is now part of the town of Runcorn Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Frodsham. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Government House Hobart is the home and official residence of the Governor of Tasmania Australia.The palatial house is located on Lower Domain Road in the Queens Domain near the Royal Tasmanian Botanical Gardens and is the official residence of the governor of Tasmania. There have been three Government Houses all in Hobart.
 Rhode Island Mall is a two-story enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Warwick Rhode Island USA. It opened in October 1967 as the Midland Mall as the first two-level mall in New England. In 1970 Warwick Mall was opened approximately a mile North of the Midland Mall. Although the two malls co-existed for several years Rhode Island Mall began to lose stores once G. Fox one of its anchor stores closed in 1994.
 Government Museum (Bangalore) established in 1865 by the Mysore State with the guidance of Surgeon Edward Balfour who founded the museum in Madras and supported by the Chief Commissioner of Mysore L.B. Bowring is one of the oldest museums in India and the second oldest museum in South India. It is now an Archaeological Museum and has a rare collection of archaeological and geological artifacts including old jewellery sculpture coins and inscriptions.
 Santa Maria della Salute (English: Saint Mary of Health) commonly known simply as the Salute is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica located in the Dorsoduro sestiere of the Italian city of Venice. It stands on a narrow finger of land between the Grand Canal and the Bacino di San Marco making the church visible when entering the Piazza San Marco from the water.
 The Brick Presbyterian Church is a large congregation at Park Avenue and 91st St. on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. A member of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) it is known for its Day School and music programs. Originally founded as an offshoot of First Presbyterian Church (Manhattan) its first building in lower Manhattan opened in 1768. The Park Avenue location opened April 14 1940.
 The Robert Frost Farm in Derry New Hampshire was the home of poet Robert Frost from 1900 to 1911. Today it is a New Hampshire state park in use as a historic house museum. The property is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the Robert Frost Homestead.
 The Webb-Deane-Stevens Museum located in Wethersfield Connecticut is owned and operated by The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in Connecticut. The museum features three 18th-century houses that sit on their original sites in the center of Old Wethersfield: the 1752 Joseph Webb House the 1769 Silas Deane House and the 1789 Isaac Stevens House.
 The First Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 75 Walnut Street in Clinton MassachusettsThe church was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Stony Brook-Factory Village Historic District is a historic district roughly on Stony Brook Road Setucket Road and Run Hill Road in Brewster Massachusetts.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Torksey Nunnery was a nunnery in Lincolnshire England. It is one of the surviving nunneries.
 The Royal Museum of Fine Arts Antwerp (Dutch: Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten Antwerpen) is a museum in Antwerp Belgium founded in 1810 houses a collection of paintings sculptures and drawings from the fourteenth to the twentieth centuries. This collection is representative of the artistic production and the taste of art enthusiasts in Antwerp Belgium and the Northern and Southern Netherlands since the 15th century.
 Christ Church Port Sunlight is in Church Drive Port Sunlight Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active United Reformed Church and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Stetson House is a colonial style historic house at Hanover Street in Hanover Massachusetts. It was built in 1716 by Samuel Drummer Stetson and lived in for at least a hundred years. In its early years before Hanover's first church was built people would sometimes use the house for prayer.In the Common room there is a large fireplace (one of six in the house) and a Yule log that was lit for good luck on Christmas but was never allowed to burn all the way.
 Castle Meyenburg is in Meyenburg and was built by the Von Rohrs. It was built in the 14th century and currently houses a fashion museum and a room devoted to the history of the Von Rohrs. The structure was renovated and developed by the architect Friedrich Adler in the 19th century.
 The Deerfield Texaco Service Station at 105 W. 6th in Deerfield Kansas is a historic one-story building built in 1923 on the old U.S. Highway 50. It is the only site in Kearny County Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Built in 1890 the 2376 feet (724 m) Walnut Street Bridge was the first to connect Chattanooga Tennessee's downtown with the North Shore. According to a plaque on the bridge Edwin Thacher was the chief engineer for the bridge. The bridge's superstructure was assembled by the Smith Bridge Company of Toledo Ohio which was a prolific late 19th-century bridge builder. The bridge's substructure was constructed by Neeley Smith and Company of Chattanooga.
 St Barnabas' Church Crewe is in West Street Crewe Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 HomeSquare is a shopping centre located in Sha Tin Hong Kong designed by Barrie Ho. It is owned by Sun Hung Kai Properties and has five floors. An IKEA store can be found here.The grand opening and renaming ceremony was held on 7 November 2010. In this ceremony some celebrities were invited to perform a fashion show with furniture-dress including Linda Chung.
 Druid Hills Historic District is a historic district in Druid Hills (partly a neighborhood of Atlanta and partly unincorporated) designed by Frederick Law Olmsted and later by his sons the Olmsted Brothers.
 The Thede Farmhouse is a historic farmhouse in Northglenn Colorado United States. Built in 1903 it is a Queen Anne house. Today the brick farmhouse is surrounded by modern development. In 1998 the house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its well-preserved architecture.
 Hervey Ely House also known as the Daughters of the American Revolution Chapter House is a historic home located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built about 1837 in the Greek Revival style. It is a 2½ story brick structure covered in stucco. The house has been owned since 1920 by the Irondequoit chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.It is located within the boundaries of the Third Ward Historic District.
 Commercial Building is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 29 1978.
 The Schooner Hotel & Bar is a Grade II listed 17th century coaching inn and hotel located at 8 Northumberland Street in the coastal village of Alnmouth Northumberland England.
 B. C. Wandell House-The Cedars is located in Saddle River Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1865 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29 1986.
 Ditmas Park Historic District is a national historic district in Ditmas Park Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 172 contributing largely residential buildings built between 1902 and 1914. It includes fine examples of Colonial Revival Bungalow/Craftsman and Queen Anne style single family homes. Also in the district is one church the brick Neo-Georgian Flatbush Congregational Church (1910).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St Augustine's Church Norwich is a redundant Anglican church building in the city of Norwich Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the west of St Augustine's Street the A1024 road to the north of the Norwich inner ring road.
 The Church of St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr http://www.stanislauschurch.com/ is home to the oldest and only Polish Roman Catholic parish Roman Catholic in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York It is located at 101 East 7th Street between First Avenue and Avenue A in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.
 The Zachariah Allen House is a historic house at 1093 Smith Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1789 by Amos Allen in a Georgian-Federal Style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Plymouth Rock is the traditional site of disembarkation of William Bradford and the Mayflower Pilgrims who founded Plymouth Colony in 1620. It is an important symbol in American history.
 Vinje Church (Norwegian: Vinje kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vinjeøra just north of the European route E39. The church is part of the Vinje parish in the Orkdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.The white wooden octagonal church building was constructed in 1820 to replace an older church that was not in good shape. The church can seat 150 on the main floor with an additional 50 seats in the balcony.
 The Mississippi County Courthouse is a courthouse in Osceola Arkansas United States one of two county seats of Mississippi County built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The courthouse was built in the Classic Revival style by John Gainsford and anchors the Osceola town square.
 Moore's Building is a historic building located in the downtown area of the Hamlet of Oyster Bay and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. First built in 1901 the building gained significance when Theodore Roosevelt had his staff take offices here while he served as U.S. President. The Moore's Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places a Town of Oyster Bay Landmark and a featured site on the Oyster Bay History Walk audio walking tour.
 The Lancaster Arts Hotel is a hotel in Lancaster Pennsylvania housed in a historic tobacco warehouse.Originally the hotel site was built in the 1880s as a tobacco warehouse and was used that way until 1945. It then was used by a paper and twine business as well as an electronics business before being transformed into the hotel. The hotel is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the Harrisburg Avenue Tobacco Historic District.
 Queen of Angels Church (St. Peter's Church) is a historic church on Belmont Avenue (now Irving Turner Blvd) at Morton Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Pleasant Point also known as Crouches Creek Plantation is a historic home located near Scotland Surry County Virginia. It was built about 1724 and is a 1 1/2-story double pile frame dwelling with brick ends. It has a gable roof and originally had a hall-parlor plan later modified to a central-hall plan. The interior woodwork was largely replaced in the 1950s.
 The San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden or Sunken Gardens in Brackenridge Park San Antonio Texas USA opened in an abandoned limestone rock quarry in the early 20th century. It was known also as Chinese Tea Gardens Chinese Tea Garden Gate Chinese Sunken Garden Gate and is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. San Antonio has another Japanese Garden called Kumamoto En inside the San Antonio Botanical Garden.
 Pitt Clarke House is a historic house at 42 Mansfield Avenue in Norton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1797 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976.
 Corvin Castle also known as Corvins' Castle Hunyad Castle or Hunedoara Castle (Romanian: Castelul Huniazilor or Castelul Corvinilor Hungarian: Vajdahunyad vára) is a Gothic-Renaissance castle in Hunedoara in the region of Transylvania Romania.
 The Muradiye Complex or the Complex of Sultan Murad II the Ottoman sultan who ruled 1421-1451 is located in the city of Bursa in Turkey.
 The Richmond Hill House at 45 Richmond Hill Rd. in Asheville North Carolina was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 for its architecture which is Queen Anne style. It was designed by James G. Hill.The house sits on a 7.5-acre (3.0 ha) property.
 The Middletown Historic District comprises the historic center of Middletown Maryland. Middletown became the chief community in the Middletown Valley in the late 18th century retaining its importance until the 1930s when the expanding influence of Frederick Maryland the construction of a bypass on US 40 and the abandonment of the Hagerstown and Frederick Railway produced a gradual decline. The historic district preserves many mid-19th-century buildings in the central downtown area.
 The Benjamin Adams House is an historic house located at 85 North Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2.5 story timber frame house was most likely built sometime before 1792; it exhibits high quality Federal styling including a central door flanked by sidelight windows and topped by a fanlight window.
 The William Dahl House was built by William Dahl and his Irish wife Catherine Margaret Murphy in 1858 the home was moved from 136 13th Street in 1997.
 The William Sturgis House was built by cattle baron William Sturgis in Cheyenne Wyoming in 1884. The Shingle Style house was designed by architect George D. Rainsford a New York architect who moved to Wyoming to raise Morgan horses and Clydesdales.
 Fraserburgh Old Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Fraserburgh Aberdeenshire. The present building was erected in 1803 at the head of the High Street on the site of a 16th-century church. The church is a category B listed building.
 The Queen Elizabeth Hall (QEH) is a music venue on the South Bank in London England that hosts daily classical jazz and avant-garde music and dance performances. The QEH forms part of Southbank Centre arts complex and stands alongside the Royal Festival Hall which was built for the Festival of Britain of 1951 and the Hayward Gallery. It stands on the former site of a Shot Tower built as part of a lead works in 1826 and retained for the Festival of Britain.
 The Divan Istanbul (Turkish: Divan İstanbul) is a five star hotel in Istanbul Turkey. It is located next to Taksim Gezi Park in Elmadağ Şişli in walking distance from Taksim Square. Opened in 1956 it is the flagship of the Divan Group hotel chain.During the 2013 protests in Turkey it opened its doors to injured protestors as well as those fleeing police attacks. During the night of 15/16 June police repeatedly tear-gassed the lobby.
 Parkway Center Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Opened in 1981 the mall closed in 2013 after losing Kmart its last anchor store. The only remaining store in operation is a Giant Eagle supermarket.
 Peterboro Street Elementary School is a historic elementary school building located at Canastota in Madison County New York. It was built in 1927 in the Gothic Revival style. It is a large brick and concrete building whose front facade features a broad projecting central pavilion flanked by broad two bay wings.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Granite Stake Tabernacle is a tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Sugar House District of Salt Lake City Utah United States. It has historic significance to the area and was listed in the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2003 (a nomination the LDS church itself opposed).
 Deadwood Draw is part of the Sidney-Black Hills Trail near Sidney Nebraska which provided supplies for gold mining operations in the Black Hills from 1874 to 1881. The draw served as a staging area for freight wagons carrying supplies to the Black Hills and contains ruts caused by the wheels of the freight wagons and the animals that pulled them. The draw is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Finavarra Tower is a Martello tower in Finavarra County Clare Ireland. Built during the Napoleonic wars in 1812-16 and situated on Finavarra Point the tower protected the north-eastern side of Ballyvaughan Bay and the south-western entrance of New Quay harbour from possible attack from France.British military engineers built many such fortifications as signal towers to protect the coast against a French invasion.
 Orchard Street United Methodist Church formerly known as Metropolitan Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a church built in a mixture of revival styles. It was constructed in 1837 with additions made in 1853 1865 and 1882. The main church is Romanesque Revival but the rear building is Romanesque with a large Gothic window in its northeastern facade.
 Hotel Euroil is an under construction hotel building located in Sibiu. It will have 14 floors and a surface of 21000 sqm.
 The Shot Tower located in Dubuque Iowa is one of the last remaining shot towers in the United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and remains a recognized symbol of the city. At its location near the Mississippi River the Tower can be seen from the riverwalk and is currently undergoing extensive renovations. It stands 120 feet 5 inches (36.70 m) tall.
 Mount Nord Historic District (also Mt. Nord Historic District formerly Mont Nord Addition) is a historic district in Fayetteville Arkansas encompassing one city block with five properties. The district lies atop a rise of about 140 feet (43 m) above the surrounding area. The properties were built between 1901 and 1925 in various architectural styles and the area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The William G. Milne House at 508 E. 9th St. in Dell Rapids South Dakota was built in 1902. It was designed by Wallace Dow and Sons in Queen Anne architecture. It has also been known as Norgaard House and as Peterson House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Shelburne Playhouse is a historic theatre located at Ferndale in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1922 as part of a small resort known as the Shelburne Hotel and used as the hotel social hall. It is a long rectangular wood-frame building 95 feet long and 35 feet wide. It consists of two components: a large five-by-four-bay structure that houses the main seating area / dance hall and a slightly lower three-by-one-bay entrance pavilion.
 George Museum is a cultural history museum located in the town of George Western Cape South Africa. It preserves the history of the town of George with a special focus on the timber industry. It also houses an art collection.The museum was started by Charles Sayers in 1967 in a single room in Courtenay Street. The museum is now housed in the building the first magistrate Adrian van Kervel built as the Drostdy (residency) from 1812 -1815.
 The Hughes-Young house most commonly known as Mistletoe Villa is a historic house in Henderson NC. The house is often cited for its ornate Victorian detail and architectural elements. The first house on the site was built for William H. Hughes and completed in 1855. From 1883 to 1885 the house was significantly redesigned and overbuilt on the previous foundation for Ike J. Young Civil War Colonel and four-term mayor of Henderson.
 Our Lady Of Lourdes church is the Catholic parish church of Wanstead and is part of the Diocese of Brentwood.
 The Forestville Historic District is a national historic district located at Forestville Shenandoah County Virginia. The district encompasses 84 contributing buildings 4 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure in the 19th century mill village of Forestville. The vernacular buildings represent a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival Queen Anne and Italianate.
 Johnson's Island is a 300-acre (120 ha) island in Sandusky Bay located on the coast of Lake Erie 3 miles (5 km) from the city of Sandusky Ohio. It was the site of a prisoner-of-war camp for Confederate officers captured during the American Civil War. Johnson's Island was the only Union prison exclusively for Southern officers but it also held regular soldiers. During its three years of operation more than 15000 men were incarcerated there.
 In 1852 the Michigan City Salem and New Albany (later Monon) Railroad cut through Montgomery County Indiana. The old stage road between Crawfordsville and Linden was given to the railroad as an inducement to get them to build through Linden. 1852 also saw the building of the first Linden depot on a site behind the present day Post Office. The building was moved to the current location in 1881 when the Toledo St.
 The Refuge Assurance Building now the Palace Hotel or Refuge Building stands at the corner of Oxford Street and Whitworth Street in Manchester England.The first phase of this Grade II* listed red brick and terracotta building was designed for the Refuge Assurance Company by Alfred Waterhouse and built 1891–1895. The inside was of Burmantofts faience and glazed brick.
 The Centro Hebreo Sefaradi Synagogue (English: Sephardic Hebrew Center) a synagogue located in Havana is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
 The former Trinity Episcopal Church is located on NY 23B in Claverack New York United States. It is a Shingle Style church building from the early 20th century.It replaced the church's second building destroyed by fire which had itself been a replacement for another fire-destroyed building. In 1975 the church moved out and sold it. Changes were made to convert it into a residence but it retains its historic integrity. In 1997 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bosco Verticale (Vertical Forest) is a pair of residential towers in the Porta Nuova district of Milan Italy between Via Gaetano de Castillia and Via Federico Confalonieri near Milano Porta Garibaldi railway station. They have a height of 119 meters and 87 meters and will host more than 900 trees (approximately 550 and 350 trees in the first and second towers) on 8900 square metres (96000 sq ft) of terraces.
 Garvin Rock Church is a historic church at Love and Williams Streets in Garvin Oklahoma.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Clarendon Centre (or Clarendon Shopping Centre) is a shopping centre in central Oxford England. It is located to the west of Cornmarket Street and to the north of Queen Street. It is accessible from both of these streets and is in the form of an L-shape between them. There is also an entrance on Shoe Lane off New Inn Hall Street.The area was the site of an early archaeological study in the 1950s.
 The Sultan Abdul Samad Building (Malay: Bangunan Sultan Abdul Samad; Jawi: باڠونن سلطان عبدالصمد) is located in front of the Dataran Merdeka (Independence Square) and the Royal Selangor Club by Jalan Raja in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia.
 St. Michael and All Angels Middlewich is the parish church for the town of Middlewich in Cheshire England. It stands at the junction of the A54 and A533 roads. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich. Its benefice is combined with that of St John Byley.
 America's Credit Union Museum is located in Manchester New Hampshire on the site of the first credit union founded in the United States. The museum at 418-420 Notre Dame Avenue is housed at the original location for St. Mary’s Cooperative Credit Association renamed in 1925 to La Caisse Populaire Ste.-Marie or “Bank of the People” St. Mary’s. In 1996 the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Building at 418-420 Notre Dame Ave.
 Butterworth Hospital is a hospital in Grand Rapids Michigan. Founded in 1875 as St. Mark's Home and Hospital the current Butterworth Hospital is a subsidiary of Spectrum Health. The hospital is a teaching affiliate of the Michigan State University College of Human Medicine. The emergency department is a level I trauma center for both adults and pediatrics.
 Fresno City Hall is a Post-modern Futurism structure in Fresno California. The building serves as the seat of city government and the location of mayor the Fresno City Council chambers.The building was designed by Canadian architect Arthur Erickson in 1992.
 The Frederick Parkinson House is a historic house located in Wagoner Oklahoma United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The house was built in 1897. It was home to Fred Parkinson a prominent merchant in Wagoner.
 The National Museum of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Lietuvos nacionalinis muziejus) established in 1952 is a state-sponsored historical museum that encompasses several significant structures and a wide collection of written materials and artifacts. It also organizes archeological digs in Lithuania.
 Woodhall House is a Scottish mansion house first recorded in 1707. It was also an institution run by the Society of Jesus in the late 20th century. It is situated off Woodhall Road in the Juniper Green area of Edinburgh Scotland and is a category B listed building.
 ArtScience Museum (Chinese: 艺术科学博物馆) is one of the attractions at Marina Bay Sands an integrated resort in Singapore owned by the US Las Vegas Sands company. Opened on 17 February 2011 by Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong it is the world's first ArtScience museum.Although it has a permanent exhibition ArtScience Gallery the ArtScience Museum mainly hosts touring exhibitions curated by other museums.
 Jurong Medical Centre is a hospital in Singapore. It is operated by Jurong Health Services Pvt Ltd.
 The Mall at Westlake almost always referred to as Westlake Mall is a vacant and closed community mall in Bessemer Alabama.
 Oregon State Hospital in Salem Oregon United States is the primary state-run psychiatric hospital in the state of Oregon since Dammasch State Hospital closed in 1995. The 620-bed facility is best known as the filming location for the Academy Award-winning film based on Ken Kesey's novel One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. The hospital (along with the state legislature) has been criticized as providing substandard mental health care.
 The Huron County Courthouse and Jail is located by a busy downtown intersection in Norwalk Ohio USA. The ground floor is composed of rusticated blocks and recessed arched windows. The entrance is reached by a flight of stairs and a protruding portico. Two small windows frame either side of the entrance.The second floor is made up of smooth masonry blocks with a balcony framed by masonry walls and framed inside with Doric columns.
 TransCanada Tower is an office tower located in Calgary Alberta. Located at 450 1st Street SW it stands at 177 meters (581 ft) or 38 storeys tall and was completed in 2001. It was designed by the architectural firm Cohos Evamy. The tower overlooks a circular park.The TransCanada Tower houses the head offices of TransCanada Corporation.
 Capilano Mall is a shopping mall in the City of North Vancouver in British Columbia Canada. It is located on Marine Drive near the city's western border with the District of North Vancouver. It is one of two major shopping structures in the city the other one being Lonsdale Quay.Capilano Mall is the second largest shopping centre on the North Shore after Park Royal Shopping Centre in West Vancouver.
 Nathaniel Drown House is a historic house at 116 Summer Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Greenbriar Mall is a shopping mall in the Greenbriar neighborhood of southwest Atlanta.
 The Oratory of San Francesco Saverio del Caravita (St. Francis Xavier “del Caravita”) is a 17th-century baroque oratory in Rome near the Church of Sant’Ignazio in rione Pigna. It is home to the Caravita Community an international English-language Catholic community in Rome.
 The Leaside Towers are the tallest buildings in East York Toronto Canada. They are a twin set of Brutalist-style apartment towers with one facing north-south and another facing east-west. Located at 85 Thorncliffe Park Drive near Overlea they are the biggest section of the East York Skyline. Their structural height is 129 m (423 ft) and they both have 44 floors. Their construction ended in 1970.
 Martin House is a historic house at 940 County Street in Seekonk Massachusetts.The house was built in 1799 and added to the National Historic Register in 1974.
 Shopping MallDova is a shopping mall in Chişinău.
 Museum of the City of Athens Vouros - Eutaxias is a museum in Athens Greece. It houses a collection of a variety of Athens-related items collected by art collector Lambros Eutaxias (1905-1996). It includes antiquities Byzantine art sculptures paintings drawings photographs and metal glass and textile works. Also it includes furniture arranged in typical living rooms of the Athenian aristocracy of the 19th century.
 Bellevue Square is a shopping center in Bellevue Washington. The mall has 180 retail stores with anchors JCPenney Macy's and Nordstrom and specialty stores such as Tiffany's Hugo Boss Armani Exchange Lego Victorinox Swiss Army and the Microsoft Store. Restaurants include P.F. Chang's The Cheesecake Factory Red Robin and Ruth's Chris Steak House.
 The Sule Pagoda (Burmese: ဆူးေလဘုရား pronounced: [sʰúlè pʰəjá]) is a Burmese stupa located in the heart of downtown Yangon occupying the centre of the city and an important space in contemporary Burmese politics ideology and geography. According to legend it was built before the Shwedagon Pagoda during the time of the Buddha making it more than 2500 years old.
 Wildcliff also referred to as the Cyrus Lawton House is a historic residence overlooking Long Island Sound in New Rochelle in Westchester County New York. The 20-room house built in about 1852 was designed by prominent architect Alexander Jackson Davis in the gothic revival style. Tudor architectural features were added by a later owner.Clara Prince whose family acquired the house in 1913 donated Wildcliff to the City of New Rochelle in 1940.
 Mallavi Hospital is a government hospital in Mallavi Sri Lanka. It is controlled by the provincial government in Jaffna. As of 2010 it had 144 beds. The hospital is sometimes called Mallavi Peripheral Unit or Mallavi District Hospital.
 The Museo Nacional de Costa Rica is the national museum of Costa Rica located in the capital of San José. It is located at Calle 17 between Central and Second Avenue Cuesta de Moras in the Bellavista Fortress a crenallated ochre colored building opposite the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica. The fortress was built in 1917 and was originally a military barracks: the exterior walls still have many bullets lodged in them from the country's 1948 civil war.
 The Fraser Mansion is a building at 1701 20th Street NW at the intersection of Connecticut Avenue 20th Street and R Street in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. Since its construction in 1890 the mansion has served as a private residence a restaurant a boarding house and most recently as home to the Founding Church of Scientology.
 Hjørundfjord Church (Norwegian: Hjørundfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Sæbø. The church is part of the Hjørundfjord parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1880 by the architect Johannes Henrik Nissen. The church seats about 480 people.
 The Luckey Platt & Company Department Store building is located at the corner of Main and Academy streets in downtown Poughkeepsie New York United States. For most of the 20th century it was a major retail destination not only for the city but the entire Hudson Valley. Its closure in 1981 after years of losing customers to suburban shopping malls was a serious blow to the city's Main Mall.
 Klang Plaza (Thai: คลังพลาซ่า) is the local department store in Nakhon Ratchasima Thailand. It has 2 branches which are Asadang and Jomsurang. It was founded by local businessman Mr. Paisarn Manasilp. The business started in 1958 with books and stationeries store Klang Wittaya which is still opening on Choompol road.
 Church Hill Grammar School (also known as Edward J. Creamer Pawtucket School Administration Building) is a historic school at 81 Park Place in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The Queen Anne style was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The George Draser Jr. Houses are a pair of neighboring houses located at 48 and 52 W. Main St. in Mascoutah Illinois. The houses are both Queen Anne structures designed and built by local architect George Draser Jr. The house at 48 W. Main St. is a one-story cottage known locally as the Doll House due to its size. The house's design features gables with patterned shingles and decorative spindlework at the porch frieze and the peak of the gables. The house at 52 W. Main St.
 The Sludge Press House Fields Point Sewage Treatment Plant is an historic site at Ernest Street at Fields Point Rhode Island in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St. Mary's Regional Medical Center is a hospital located in Enid Oklahoma. It was founded in 1915 as Enid Government Springs Sanatorium by Dr. G.A. Boyle and Dr. T.B. Hinson. In 1921 Boyle retired leaving Hinson in charge. Ownership and operations were transferred to the Sisters Adorers of the Precious Blood on June 1 1937. Hinson died in 1938 and the hospital was renamed St. Mary’s Springs Hospital.
 The Church of Saint John of Avila (Spanish: Iglesia de San Juan de Ávila) is a Roman Catholic parish church located in a modern neighbourhood of Alcalá de Henares Spain.The current temple was built in brickwork by Uruguayan engineer-architect Eladio Dieste; the dimensions of walls and roofs are very slim thanks to reinforced ceramics.It is dedicated to saint John of Avila.It is interesting to point out that originally this church was going to be built in Uruguay (Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Malvín); as the economic situation made this impossible only the apse was built.
 Metropol Parasol is a wooden structure located at La Encarnación square in the old quarter of Seville Spain. It was designed by the German architect Jürgen Mayer-Hermann and completed in April 2011. It has dimensions of 150 by 70 metres (490 by 230 ft) and an approximate height of 26 metres (85 ft) and claims to be the largest wooden structure in the world. Its appearance location delays and cost overruns in construction resulted in much public controversy.
 The Queen Elizabeth Hospital is based in Sheriff Hill in Gateshead England and was officially opened on 18 March 1948.
 The Centre on Barton is an outdoor shopping mall in the Lower City of Hamilton Ontario Canada on Barton Street East bounded by Ottawa Street North in the western-end and Kenilworth Avenue North on the eastern-end. It was formerly known as the Centre Mall. It was a plaza for many years before being closed in as a mall and access to the stores was available through a front and back door of the plaza. They closed it all in sometime in the 70's.
 Woods-Meade House also known as Greer House is a historic home located at Rocky Mount Franklin County Virginia. The original section was built about 1830 and is the brick one cell front section. It features a molded brick cornice fine jack arches and curious half-round brick pilasters and round brick porch supports. Later additions were made to the rear of the original section starting in 1834.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Pan American Union Building is the headquarters for the Organization of American States. It is located at 17th Street N.W. between C Street N.W. and Constitution Avenue Northwest Washington D.C.
 The Dubai City Tower also known as the Dubai Vertical City is a proposed skyscraper design announced on 25 August 2008. the building is supposed to be 2400 meters (7900 feet) tall. The building created by an architect to display possibly future technologies is the third tallest building ever fully envisioned after the X-Seed 4000 (4000m) and the Ultima Tower (3217m).
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral is the historic cathedral in the Diocese of Iowa. The cathedral is located on the bluff overlooking Downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is one of the oldest cathedrals in the Episcopal Church in the United States and it was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The cathedral complex is part of the College Square Historic District which is also listed on the National Register.
 The Ernest Baxter Fite House is a historic residence in Hamilton Alabama. Designed by Weatherly Carter who had designed what later became the Alabama Governor's Mansion the house was built in 1927–1928 for Ernest Baxter Fite then a member of the Alabama House of Representatives and a former state senator. Ernest's son Rankin Fite served two terms as Speaker of the state House.The house was built of brick in a Colonial Revival style. Four doric columns frame the front portico.
 The Annand–Loomis House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Elias Van Bunschooten House is located in Wantage Township Sussex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1 1974.
 HM Prison Leyhill is a Category D men's prison located in the parish of Tortworth in Gloucestershire England. Leyhill Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 St Gwenllwyfo's Church Llanwenllwyfo is a 19th-century parish church near the village of Dulas in Anglesey north Wales. It was built between 1854 and 1856 to replace an earlier church in the parish also dedicated to St Gwenllwyfo which needed repair and had become too small for its congregation. The new church was built nearer to the Llys Dulas estate whose owner contributed £936 towards the total cost of £1417 rather than near the area where many of the parishioners lived.
 Frank L. Ross Farm is a historic building in North Bethlehem Township Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Vierset Castle is a castle in Vierset-Barse municipality of Modave Belgium.
 Christ Church or Historic Christ Church of Lancaster County Virginia is an historic Episcopal church. Christ Church is notable for its unique Georgian design. The church is the only colonial Virginia church that still has its original high-backed pews and one of two that has maintained its original three-tiered pulpit.
 Northridge Mall located in Salinas California serves as Monterey County's largest shopping mall. It has been owned and operated by The Macerich Company since 2003. The single-story structure encompasses 976913 sq ft (90758 m2) of retail space and features more than 110 shops two restaurants a fast-food court with eight outlets and four department stores including Sears JCPenney Macy's and Forever 21. There are approximately 3000 spaces in the open-air parking lot.
 Boylan Heights is a historic neighborhood in Raleigh North Carolina. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district on July 29 1985. It is also one of six local Historic Overlay Districts in Raleigh. Boylan Heights has been explored in the book Everything Sings: Maps for a Narrative Atlas by resident and critical cartographer Denis Wood which maps the neighborhood in unusual ways.
 The Main-Market Historic District is a historic district located in Akron Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Istanbul UFO Museum (Turkish: İstanbul UFO Müzesi) is the fourth international UFO museum and is located in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul Turkey. Founded by Haktan Akdoğan's Sirius UFO Space Sciences Research Center in 2002 the museum contains various photos videos reports UFO-alien models and a library about UFO's and extraterrestrial life.
 Cibola County Correctional Center is a privately owned minimum-security prison for men located at 2000 Cibola Loop in Milan Cibola County New Mexico. The facility first opened in 1993 as a county prison with capacity to house state prisoners and was then acquired and expanded by the Corrections Corporation of America in 1998.
 The Cargill Pool Elevator is a grain storage facility in Buffalo harbor built in the 1920s and previously named the Saskatchewan Cooperative Elevator. The elevator is the only grain elevator located on Buffalo's outer harbor.
 Temple B'Nai Israel is a historic synagogue located at Olean in Cattaraugus County New York. It was built in 1929 and is a three- to four-story tall light brown brick structure with terra cotta decorative details. It measures 85 feet long 42 feet wide and 50 feet tall. The front facade features a massive arched terra cotta portal encircling a large round stained glass window. The congregation was established in the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The Brandt House is a historic house in Lafayette Louisiana. The house is named for owner William Brandt who bought the house in 1859. While the house was originally built in 1840 it was extensively renovated in 1870 and features architecture popular around the latter date. The home is one of the only Greek Revival buildings which survives in downtown Lafayette.
 Congress Hall is a historic hotel in Cape May Cape May County New Jersey United States occupying a city block bordered on the south by Beach Avenue and on the east by Washington Street Mall. It is a contributing building in the Cape May National Historic District.Congress Hall was first constructed in 1816 as a wooden boarding house for guests to the new seaside resort of Cape May; and the proprietor Thomas H.
 The Walker Tavern is a historic structure located at 11710 U.S. Route 12 in Cambridge Township in northwesternmost Lenawee County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan Historic Site on February 19 1958 and was later the county's first property added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25 1971.It was built as a modest farmhouse around 1832 by an unknown architect in the style of Federal architecture.
 Wind Tower is a skyscraper in Downtown Miami Florida United States. It was completed in early 2008. It is located adjacent to the River Front East complex on the north bank of the Miami River in Downtown. The building is located on Southwest 3rd Street and Miami Avenue. It is 501 ft (153 m) tall and has 41 floors. Floors 1-8 are used for parking while floor 10 houses the building's recreation center consisting of a pool area racquetball court and fitness facility.
 Germania Wine Cellars or Olde Germania Wine Cellars is a historic winery complex and national historic district located at Hammondsport in Steuben County New York. The complex was built in nine sections between 1881 and 1902. The majority of the buildings are built of local stone portions of which are coated in stucco. The complex is currently used for barrel storage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Red Deer Regional Hospital is a medical facility located in Red Deer Alberta. Alberta Health Services is responsible for the operations of the hospital.
 The Church of Our Lady of Victory also known as the War Memorial Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 60 William Street on the northeast corner of William Street and Pine Street in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City. It was established in 1944 during World War II by Francis Cardinal Spellman Archbishop of New York and Apostolic Vicar for the U.S.
 The Champion Hill Battlefield is the site of a major turning point in the American Civil War an 1863 battle commanded by Union general Ulysses S. Grant that led directly to the siege and eventual capture of Vicksburg Mississippi. In the Battle of Champion Hill Grant's forces fought Confederate General Pemberton. The union victory was incomplete yet decisive as Pemberton retreated into Vicksburg to be bottled up and eliminated in time.
 The Gov. Edward Kavanaugh House is located in Newcastle Maine. The house was built in 1803 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 3 1974. The house was home to Maine Governor Edward Kavanagh.
 The Steven House is located in Eau Claire Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The First Congregational Parsonage or Wabasha Chiropractic Clinic—formerly located at 305 Second Street West in Wabasha Minnesota United States—is an example of a nineteenth-century frame Italianate residence. This cubiform building has a low-pitched hip roof with eaves supported by brackets. The home was moved to its current location in 1987 due to construction of the Wabasha-Nelson Bridge.
 The Wendelin Grimm Farmstead is a farm near Victoria Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm is located within the boundaries of Carver Park Reserve.The owners of the farm Wendelin and Julianna Grimm immigrated from Germany and settled in Carver County Minnesota in 1859. Wendelin Grimm cleared a section of land which was part of the Big Woods and established his farm using native farming methods from Germany.
 Aliwal North Hospital is a 50 bed government funded District hospital that renders level 1 care to patients in the catchment area of the Maletswai Local Municipality in Aliwal North Eastern Cape in South Africa. Aliwal North is situated on the N6 between East London and Bloemfontein in the north.
 The Elks Temple Building in Cadillac Michigan was built in 1910 as a lodge meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Herøy Church (Norwegian: Herøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Herøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the town of Fosnavåg on the island of Bergsøya. The church is part of the Herøy parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The concrete church was completed in 2003 to replace an older church. It was built by the architects Kino Tambs and Hans Petter Madsø from an architecture firm from Trondheim.
 Gold Coast Hospital located on the Gold Coast Queensland was a major teaching and referral hospital and the third largest in Queensland. The Gold Coast Hospital had one of the busiest emergency departments in the state. The Hospital admitted over 60000 patients annually. The hospital was located in Nerang Street in Southport.On 28 September 2013 the Gold Coast Hospital at Southport closed.
 The George S. Clement House (also known as the Davies House) is a historic building in Wauseon Ohio United States. Built in 1872 it has been named a fine example of the High Victorian form of the Italianate style of architecture.George S. Clement moved to Wauseon in 1864 only one decade after the community was established.
 Carmelite Friary Winchester was a friary in Hampshire England.
 The Mission House is an historic house located at 19 Main Street Stockbridge Massachusetts. It was built between 1739 and 1742 by a Christian missionary to the local Mahicans. It is a National Historic Landmark and is now owned and operated as a nonprofit museum by the Trustees of Reservations.The town of Stockbridge was established in the late 1730s as a mission community to the Mahicans. John Sergeant was the first missionary formally beginning his service in 1735.
 The Jacob Aldrich House also known as the J. Aldrich House is an historic house located at 389 Aldrich Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On January 20 1984 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Idlewild Farm Complex is a 26 acre (10.5 hectare) plot of land in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania. It was originally part of the Welsh Tract and is now a portion of the Bridlewild Trails Association.
 The Midway Plaisance also known locally as the Midway is a park on the South Side of the city of Chicago Illinois. It is one mile long by 220 yards wide and extends along 59th and 60th streets joining Washington Park at its west end and Jackson Park at its east end. It divides the Hyde Park community area to the north from the Woodlawn community area to the south. It is located approximately 6 miles (10 km) south of the downtown Loop area near Lake Michigan.
 Lower Merion Academy-Cynwyd Elementary School-Bala Cynwyd Junior High School Complex also known as Lower Merion Benevolent School and Bala Cynwyd Middle School is a historic school complex located at Bala Cynwyd Lower Merion Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The property includes three school buildings built in 1812 1914-1920 and 1938.
 The Astley Green Colliery Museum is a museum run by the Red Rose Steam Society in Astley near Tyldesley in Greater Manchester England. (grid reference SJ70509996) Before becoming a museum the site was a working colliery that produced coal from 1912 to 1970; it is now protected as a Scheduled Monument. The museum occupies a 15-acre (6 ha) site by the Bridgewater Canal which has the only surviving pit headgear and engine house on the Lancashire Coalfield.
 The Vahramashen Church (Armenian:Վահրամաշէն եկեղեցի) also commonly referred to as Surb Astvatsatsin or the Church of Amberd) was built for Prince Vahram Pahlavuni of the Pahlavuni family. An inscription on the inside lintel of the north portal to the church dates its completion to the year 1026. It sits along the slopes of Mount Aragats in the Aragatsotn province of Armenia between the fortress of Amberd and near a wall along the promontory with the Arkashian River in the canyon below.
 The Hampden Savings Bank building is a historic bank building at 1665 Main Street in Springfield Massachusetts. The building's original tenant Hampden Bank (established 1852) now has a headquarters several blocks south of this site at 19 Harrison Avenue. The Classical Revival building was designed by Max Westhoff for the bank in 1918 as it was seeking to expand.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 La Roche-en-Ardenne Castle (French: Château de La Roche-en-Ardenne) is a ruined medieval castle in La Roche-en-Ardenne province of Luxembourg Belgium.
 The Try Street Terminal (now Shannon Hall a dormitory of the Art Institute of Pittsburgh) in the Central Business District of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is former 1921 freight terminal and warehouse designed in the commericial utilitarian style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.In 2011 the building and its streetscape were featured in the music video Black and Yellow.
 The Cathedral of the Incarnation is an Episcopal cathedral in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Maryland.
 The Ladora Savings Bank is a historic structure along U.S. Route 6 in Ladora Iowa United States. Constructed in 1920 it was closed when the bank that built it failed in the Great Depression leaving it to be used by a succession of businesses. Today it is occupied by a restaurant the Ladora Bank Bistro. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 3 1990.
 The Judge Poché Plantation House was built in c. 1870. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Placeson December 3 1980.
 The Petron Megaplaza is an office skyscraper located in Makati City Philippines. It previously held the title as the tallest building in the Philippines from 1998-2000 when the current tallest building the PBCom Tower was topped-off. It currently holds the title as the 5th tallest building in Makati City and the 9th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. It has a total ground to architectural spire top height of 210 meters soaring at 45 storeys high.
 The Springville Museum of Art in Springville Utah is the oldest museum in Utah for the visual fine arts. Completed in 1937 this building was designed in the style of the Spanish Colonial Revival style by architect Claud S. Ashworth (1885-1971). It was dedicated by LDS Apostle David O.
 The Jewish Community Centre of Krakow (JCC of Krakow Polish: Centrum Społeczności Żydowskiej w Krakowie) is a Jewish cultural and educational centre that was created in 2008 as a result of an initiative of HRH The Prince of Wales. The JCC is located in the Kazimierz district of Krakow on ul. Miodowa. It stands on the site of a garden to the rear of the Tempel Synagogue abutting the adjacent building.
 The Newton County American Legion Post No. 89 Hut was built in 1934. With 24 acres (9.7 ha) it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is in Rustic style and served as a meeting hall.
 The Church Hill Industrial District is a historic district bounded by South Union Pine Baley Commerce Main and Hill Streets in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 461 Fifth Avenue at 40th street is a 28-story skyscraper located in the Grand Central Terminal area of the Midtown Manhattan section of New York City. The building was constructed in 1988 by the Mitsui Fudosan development group and designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill.
 The Wales Empire Pool known locally as the Empire Pool was an international standard swimming pool building located in Cardiff Wales from 1958 until it was demolished in 1998. It was a centrepiece for the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
 Metairie Cemetery is a cemetery in New Orleans Louisiana United States. The name has caused some people to mistakenly presume that the cemetery is located in Metairie Louisiana but it is located within the New Orleans city limits on Metairie Road (and formerly on the banks of the since filled in Bayou Metairie).
 The Pearl Continental Bhurban usually shortened to PC Bhurban is a member of Pearl Continental Hotel chain in Pakistan. It is located in the town of Bhurban in Murree which is famous for its scenic beauty. This place is a popular summer resort for the residents of Islamabad and nearby cities. In August 2008 the Punjab government levied a toll on vehicles entering the hotel this has angered tourists who have harangued the toll collectors.
 Northside Shopping Centre is a shopping centre that is located in Coolock a suburban area in Dublin's Northside. There is also a swimming pool over the shopping centre which opened in 1970.
 The Norcross Brothers Houses are historic houses at 16 and 18 Claremont Street in Worcester Massachusetts. They are named after their builders and first occupants James and Orlando Norcross principals of the Norcross Brothers construction company.
 Onnuri Community Church (sometimes stylized OnNuRi Community Church abbreviated OCC also called Onnuri Onnuri Church and Onnuri Presbyterian Church) is a local church in Seoul South Korea that was founded by Yong Jo Hah the church's senior pastor. The main church building and administration housing cost millions of dollars to build and are located in Yongsan District.
 Court Manor (built as Mooreland Hall) is an early Greek Revival manor house and estate in Rockingham County Virginia located 4 miles (6.4 km) south of the town of New Market. With its stately manor house and prime location in the heart of the Shenandoah Valley Court Manor has long been regarded as one of the finest estates in the Valley of Virginia. The estate is situated on U.S.
 Slabsides is the log cabin built by naturalist John Burroughs and his son on a nine-acre (3.6 ha) wooded and hilly tract in 1895 one mile (1.6 km) east of Riverby his home in West Park New York. From the time of its construction to the last year of his life he received many visitors here ranging from Theodore Roosevelt and Henry Ford to students from Vassar College just across the Hudson River.
 The Clifton Bacon House is a historic house at 27 Chester Street in Somerville Massachusetts. It is one of the most high-style Queen Anne Victorians in the Davis Square area of the city. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1885 and occupied in 1990 by Clifton Bacon a Boston coal dealer. The house has complex massing with a large projecting gable section on the right side of the front facade and a corner polygonal bay on the left that is capped by a steep conical turret.
 The David Grant USAF Medical Center (DGMC) at Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield California is the U.S. Air Force’s largest medical facility on the west coast. Serving military beneficiaries throughout eight western states it is a milestone in the history of the Air Force Medical Service and one of the premier medical treatment facilities in the United States.
 Inter-State Building was built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Chieftains Museum also known as the Major Ridge Home is a two-story house built in 1792 in Cherokee country (present-day Rome Georgia). It was the home of the Cherokee leader Major Ridge— notable for his role in negotiating and signing the Treaty of New Echota of 1835 which ceded the remainder of Cherokee lands in the Southeast to the United States. The chiefs had agreed they could not go to war against the United States on the removal issue but many wanted to resist for a longer period.
 The Terre Haute Post Office and Federal Building is a historic structure in Terre Haute Indiana.The first post office and federal building at this site opened in 1887. When this building was demolished in 1933 work began on the current structure. (The columns and pediment from the first post office now make up part of the Chauncey Rose Memorial in Terre Haute's Fairbanks Park.) The current building was funded as Public Work Project under the presidency of Franklin D.
 St Mary of the Angels Roman Catholic Church (Welsh: Llanfair Yr Angylion) is located in Canton Cardiff. It is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff. It opened on November 3 1907.The Parish Priest is Monsignor John Maguire and he is assisted by Fr. Andrea Bord.
 Stoneleigh also known as the Charles E. Ward House or Ruffner Payne House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It was built in 1917 as the residence of Charles E. Ward a leading West Virginia industrialist.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as part of the South Hills Multiple Resource Area.
 Hotel Mongolia (Mongolian: Монгол Шилтгээн Mongol Shiltgeen) is a hotel in the form of a mock castle near Gachuurt village in the Bayanzürkh district of Ulan Bator (Ulaanbaatar) Mongolia. It claims to be the only resort hotel in the country. Built in 2003 it is surrounded by a fortress wall with gates on the 4 sides and towers at the corners. Inside the fortress are Asian style houses and yurts which serve as hotel rooms. There is a restaurant in the central palace.
 The Port Jefferson School was a historic school in the village of Port Jefferson Ohio United States. Built in 1877 this two-story structure was once the most distinctive Gothic Revival school in rural western Ohio. At the time of construction it was used as the community high school but in its last years it was converted into an elementary school.
 The Kelham Island Tavern is a public house in Sheffield. It is the only pub to have become the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) National Pub of the Year two years running.The pub lies on Russell Street in the Kelham Island area of the city. It was constructed in the 1830s as part of a terrace and originally operated as The Sawmaker.
 The Church of St Dunstan Liverpool is located in Earle Road Edge Hill Liverpool England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with three local parishes to form the St Luke in the City Team. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall skyscraper in New York City New York. It was completed in 1971 and has 46 floors. Emery Roth & Sons designed the building which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City. It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters. Previously known as the Arlen Building. The building was built by Arlen Realty & Development Corporation in 1971.
 Calenberg Castle (German: Burg Calenberg later called Schloss Calenberg and Feste Calenberg; ruins known as Alt Calenberg) was a medieval lowland castle in central Germany near Schulenburg in the borough of Pattensen 13 km west of the city of Hildesheim. It was built as a water castle in 1292 by the Welf duke Otto the Strict in der Leine river meadows between 2 branches of the Leine river on the southern part of the chalk marl hill of the Calenberg.
 St. John's Church is a historic Roman Catholic church at 22-26 Mulberry Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States that is the state's third-oldest Catholic church.In 1826 the congregation was held its first meeting in the basement of Charles Durning's home. Construction of the current building began in 1827. Later renovations and additions took place throughout the 19th and 20th centuries and incorporated the original structure's walls.
 Jolly Mill was built on Capps Creek at Jollification Berwick Township Newton County Missouri USA in 1848 by Thomas Isbell and his son John to serve as a whiskey distillery. The mill also served as a grist mill and continued to operate in that capacity until 1975.
 Toranomon Hills (虎ノ門ヒルズ Toranomon Hiruzu) is a skyscraper complex project under construction by Mori Building in the Toranomon district of Minato Tokyo Japan. It is being built around the new Loop Road No. 2 a surface artery that will connect the Shinbashi and Toranomon districts.Its highest point upon completion will be 255.5 m by which measure it will be the tallest building in Tokyo.
 The Malacañang Palace (officially Malacañan Palace colloquially Malacañang or the Palace; Tagalog: Palasyo ng Malakanyang [malakɐˈɲaŋ]) is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of the Philippines. The original structure was built in 1750 by Don Luís Rocha as a summer house along the Pasig River. It was purchased by the state in 1825 as the summer residence for the Spanish Governor-General.
 The N.W.T. Mining Heritage Society in the Northwest Territories Canada was first formed in early 2000 as the Giant Mine Heritage Group to rescue items from the Giant Mine site after its owner Royal Oak Mines Incorporated went bankrupt.By 2001 the group had changed its name to the NWT Mining Heritage Group and began planning for the creation of a mining museum for Yellowknife and the Northwest Territories and Nunavut as a whole.
 Musgum mud huts or Musgum dwelling units are traditional domestic structures built of mud by the ethnic Musgum people in the Maga sub-division Mayo-Danay division Far North Province in Cameroon. (Musgum also is spelled as Moosgoum.) The dwellings were built in a variety of shapes such as tall domed or conical dwellings or huts some with a reverse-V shape and others with geometric designs. Musgums are an example of earth architecture.
 The Colosseum will be a shopping mall in Bucharest Romania located in the North-Western part of the city near Chitila. After completion it will be the biggest mall in Romania and one of the biggest shopping malls in Europe. The construction is planned to start towards the autumn of 2012 and will take four years.
 Thrive Cafe is a restaurant in Roosevelt Seattle Washington in the United States. It serves foods that are organic gluten-free and dairy-free. Its lunch and dinner offerings include a high-percentage of raw foods and the business won the online poll for Best Healthy Lunch in 2011 in the annual Best of poll promoted by Evening Magazine in Seattle.Thrive Cafe was opened on December 17 2008 by Monika Kinsman a Seattle native.
 The Civil War Museum of Philadelphia (formerly the Civil War and Underground Railroad Museum of Philadelphia and previously the Civil War Library and Museum) in Philadelphia Pennsylvania claims to be the oldest chartered American Civil War institution in the United States.
 The Royal Saskatchewan Museum was established in Regina as the Provincial Museum in 1906 to secure and preserve natural history specimens and objects of historical and ethnological interest. It was the first museum in Saskatchewan Canada and the first provincial museum in the three Prairie Provinces.
 H.K. Deisher Knitting Mill is a historic factory building located at Kutztown Berks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1881 with the third story added in 1903 and addition in 1907. A loading dock was added in the 1950s. It is a three-story L-shaped red brick building on a limestone foundation. It has a low pitched gable roof topped by a weathervane.
 Oakland Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located in the city of Troy Michigan a suburb of Detroit Michigan. It is located in the northwest corner of 14 Mile Rd. & John R. Rd. intersection adjacent to I-75 (Chrysler Freeway). The mall features about 120 stores including a food court plus several big box stores on the periphery. The mall has 1500000 square feet (140000 m2).
 The Polish Aviation Museum (Polish: Muzeum Lotnictwa Polskiego w Krakowie) is a large museum of old aircraft and aircraft engines in Kraków Poland. It is located at the site of the no-longer functional Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport. This airfield established by Austria-Hungary in 1912 is one of the oldest in the world.
 Tinsley Tavern also known as Tinsleyville Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Columbia in Goochland County Virginia. It was built about 1802 and is a two-story vernacular Federal period building. It has a center passage plan and features wood frame construction with weatherboard cladding. A 1 1/2-story rear addition dates to about 1920.
 The William Robb House is 19th century house in Charleston South Carolina at 12 Bee Street. The house is significant for its association with William Robb partner in the East Point Rice Mill and with philanthropist William King McDowell. The house was built by Robb in about 1858 in a Classical Revival style. The interior was remodeled in about 1920 and shows an adaptation by McDowell for use as Mercy Maternity Hospital and after 1929 the Episcopal Church Home for Women.
 St. Joseph Co-Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Thibodaux Louisiana United States. Along with the Cathedral of St. Francis de Sales in Houma it is the seat of the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux. It is also the oldest parish in the diocese. The church building and rectory are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Saint Joseph's Co-Cathedral and Rectory.
 The Buckler–Henry House in Portland Oregon was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Thomas Church Southwark London England. The first church was part of the original St. Thomas' Hospital which was located to the area around the present St Thomas Street from the infirmary at St Mary Overie priory (see Southwark Cathedral) in 1212. The hospital was therefore also an Augustinian house. The hospital/ conventual precinct became a parish no later than 1496. It was named after Thomas Becket whose cult pilgrimage began at London Bridge for Canterbury.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Forrest City (FCC Forrest City) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Arkansas.
 Alor Setar Tower (Malay: Menara Alor Setar) is a 165.5 m (543 ft) telecommunication tower in Alor Setar in the state of Kedah Malaysia. Apart from serving the role of a telecommunication tower it also caters as a tourist destination for the town. The tower also houses some restaurants and a souvenir shop.
 Mill Island also known as the Seymour Family House is a historic home located near Moorefield Hardy County West Virginia. The original brick cottage was built in 1798. In 1840 a two story brick Greek Revival style mansion was appended. The 3 1/2 story building features a one bay temple style entrance porch and a widow's walk on the roof peak. The porch columns are in the Corinthian order. The interior features a great ballroom reception hall parlors and a huge dining room.
 Grand View Dairy Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in South Heidelberg Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has eight contributing buildings and four contributing structures. They are a 2 1/2-story log and frame farmhouse on a stone foundation (c. 1790 c. 1890); frame summer kitchen (c. 1890); smokehouse; butcher shop; stone and frame dairy barn (1849 1901); bull barn (c. 1910); and two frame sheds.
 The Society of Friends Hall is a historic church at 172-174 Ridge Street in Glens Falls New York.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Sloop Point is a historic house in Sloop Point North Carolina.It was built in 1729 according to dendrochronological dating and is possibly the oldest surviving framed building in the state of North Carolina. The house was built as a home for John Baptista Ashe and his wife Elizabeth Swann Ashe. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Cedar Sinai Synagogue is a Modern Orthodox Jewish synagogue located in Lyndhurst Ohio. It is a member of the Orthodox Union.
 Big Spring Baptist Church also known as First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building located near Elliston Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a one-story four-bay nave plan frame structure with a high gable roof. It features a projecting three-stage central tower.
 Elghammar Castle is a castle in Södermanland County Sweden. Initially the property of the family Kruse of Elghammar then of Johan Adolf Welanderthe existing manor was sold during the year 1807 to marshall Curt von Stedingk who ordered new constructions in the style of the French Empire. His son died in 1875 and inherited by a daughter who married the duke of Otrante (the duke had as an ancestor Joseph Fouché who was the Minister of the Police of the emperor Napoleon).
 Colonial Theatre is a historic theater located at 12-14 S. Potomac Street in Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. It is a 1914 commercial structure designed by Harry E. Yessler a Hagerstown architect. It is three stories high with a heavily ornamented Baroque influenced façade. A large marquee bearing the name of the original theater projects over the sidewalk.
 The Tevis Block also known as the Kern County Land Company Building is a historic office building in Bakersfield California. The structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on March 29 1984.
 The Nathaniel Pearce House is an historic house at 305 Brook Street in Providence Rhode Island.This Early Republican house is an archetype of domestic design of its period. It was built in 1801 at 41 George Street where it enjoyed a view of Narragansett Bay. It was designed by Wallis Howe for Nathaniel Pearce a ship-master and ship-owner. By 1888 it was owned by the Goddard family who sold the George Street land to Brown University.
 The Mampuram Mosque is a famous mosque located in Tirurangadi in the Malappuram District of Kerala south India. Historically related to the Mappila Lahala of 1921 against the British Government.
 Dunluce Castle (from Irish: Dún Libhse) is a now-ruined medieval castle in Northern Ireland. It is located on the edge of a basalt outcropping in County Antrim (between Portballintrae and Portrush) and is accessible via a bridge connecting it to the mainland. The castle is surrounded by extremely steep drops on either side which may have been an important factor to the early Christians and Vikings who were drawn to this place where an early Irish fort once stood.
 The Museum of Vertebrate Zoology is a natural history museum at the University of California Berkeley USA. The museum was founded by philanthropist Annie Montague Alexander in 1908.
 Fulda Cathedral (German: Fuldaer Dom also Sankt Salvator) is the former abbey church of Fulda Abbey and the burial place of Saint Boniface. Since 1752 it has also been the cathedral of the Diocese of Fulda of which the Prince-Abbots of Fulda were created bishops. The abbey was dissolved in 1802 but the diocese and its cathedral have continued. The dedication is to Christ the Saviour (Latin: Salvator).
 Torre Picasso (Picasso Tower) is a skyscraper in Madrid Spain designed by Minoru Yamasaki. From 1988 until 2007 it was the tallest building in Madrid measuring 515 ft (157 m) and with 43 floors. Torre Picasso is located next to the Pablo Picasso Square within the commercial complex AZCA along the Paseo de la Castellana.
 Stranahan-DelVecchio House is a historic home located at Athens in Greene County New York. It was built in 1852 and is a majestic Greek Revival–style structure. It has a 2 1⁄2-story central block with 2-story symmetrical wings. It features a 3-story portico supported by Ionic columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Giles' Church Edingley is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Edingley.
 The Jabez Partridge Homestead is an historic farmstead at 81 Partridge Road in Gardner Massachusetts. The main house a 2.5 story Federal style wood frame building was built sometime before 1786 and is generally attributed locally to 1772. The property remained in the hands of Patridge's descendants until 1927 and has been in the Anderson family since then. There is a building that is believed to be a period outhouse on the property.
 McLemore Cemetery is a cemetery in Meridian Mississippi. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 18 1979 and is the oldest surviving historic site in the city.
 The Redwater Health Centre is a 21-bed facility 14-bed acute care including 1 palliative care bed and 7 long term care bed facility located in Redwater 65 kilometers northeast of The City Edmonton. The health centre offers many of the main services to the community of Redwater including public health rehabilitation mental health and environmental health services.
 The Julian C. Smith Hall is a historic building located on Julian C. Smith Drive on Hadnot Point in Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune Jacksonville North Carolina. It currently serves as the headquarters building for the II Marine Expeditionary Force and the 2d Marine Division. It is named after Lieutenant General Julian C. Smith former commanding general of the 2d Marine Division during World War II. The Camp Lejeune address is Building H-1.
 The Willsboro School is a historic school building located at Willsboro in Essex County New York. It was built in 1927 and is a three story red brick building designed in the Neoclassical style in accordance with New York State's standardized school design guidelines of the early 20th century. The 1927 buildings is 130 feet (40 m) wide and 60 feet (18 m) deep and has approximately 24000 square feet (2200 m2) of space. An addition was completed in 1952.
 Marischal Square is a mixed use development proposed for Broad Street Aberdeen Scotland.
 South Columbus Historic District is a historic district in Columbus Mississippi that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Bridge between East Manchester and Newberry Townships is a historic Pennsylvania (Petit) truss bridge spanning Conewago Creek East Manchester Township and Newberry Township York County Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1889 by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company and measures 299 feet (91 m) in overall length. The bridge was taken out of service about 1985 and is located alongside the new bridge.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Oguzkhan Palace is the official residence and principal workplace of the President of Turkmenistan located in the capital city of Ashgabat in Turkmenistan. It has been the presidential headquarters and home of the president of Turkmenistan for many years. President Saparmurat Niyazov who styled himself Türkmenbaşy and for whom it is named lived in the palace between 1997 and his death in 2006.
 Tour Generali (English: Generali Tower) was a skyscraper planned for construction in the business quarter of La Défense in Courbevoie (Hauts-de-Seine France). (Note that Generali also owns another prominent high-rise building on Avenue Louise in Brussels which is also known locally as the Tour Generali.)The project was officially initiated on 18 October 2006 and is being built for Italian insurance company Assicurazioni Generali.
 Dayton House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1844 and expanded and upgraded in 1850s / 1860s. It is a two story three bay dwelling with Greek Revival form and an overlay of Italianate and Gothic Revival design elements. Also on the property is a large carriage house smoke house and original cast iron lamp post.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Elverson Historic District is a national historic district located in Elverson Chester County Pennsylvania. The district includes 133 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites and 4 contributing structures in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Elverson. The district includes a variety of residential commercial and institutional buildings with examples of Bungalow/craftsman Georgian and Gothic Revival architecture.
 The Francis Hotel is a four star hotel located in a Grade 1 listed building on the south side of Queen Square Bath Somerset England. It is part of Accor's MGallery luxury boutique hotel collection.
 The Zachery-Tolbert house is a restored pre-American Civil War house in Cashiers North Carolina. The house was built in 1850 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in December 1998.
 The Village at Shirlington opened as Shirlington Shopping Center in 1944 and was the first large shopping center to open in the Washington D.C. suburbs and one of the earliest in the United States. It is located along Campbell Avenue (formerly South 28th Street) at the intersection of Shirley Highway and Quaker Lane / Shirlington Road in Arlington Virginia. The center has been known since the mid-1980s as The Village at Shirlington.
 The Gideon Putnam Burying Ground is located on South Franklin Street in Saratoga Springs New York United States. It contains over 150 graves of early and mid-19th century residents of the city all from the period between 1812 and 1871. It was restored in the 1980s after suffering from almost a century of neglect.Gideon Putnam was the city's founder. He built one of its first resort hotels and laid out the grid plan that guided its subsequent development.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Kingston Somerset County Maryland. It is a single-story one-by-three-bay frame structure in the Greek Revival style built in 1846 and moved to this site in 1924. Also on the property is cemetery with about a dozen 19th-century burials.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Jefferson Land Association Historic District is a national historic district located at Bristol Bucks County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 81 contributing buildings on 5 blocks in a primarily residential area of Bristol constructed in 1917-1918. They are two-story brick rowhouse dwellings with flat roofs. They are characterized by a one-story unifying front porch for all houses in a block. The second floor has a projecting three-sided bay and each dwelling has a two-story rear ell.
 Brentwood Town Centre (most often referred to as Brentwood Mall) is a shopping mall in Burnaby British Columbia. It is located in North Burnaby at the intersection of Willingdon Avenue and the Lougheed Highway approximately 1.5 kilometres from Vancouver city limits. It is also very close to the British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT) campus.
 Allendale Mill is a historic mill in North Providence Rhode Island on the banks of the Woonasquatucket River.The mill was built in 1822 by John Holden Greene for Zachariah Allen. The mill had various fire safety devices that were advanced for the time including heavy fire doors sprinkler system rotary fire pumpand copper-riveted fire hose to be used in American textile mills.
 The Franklin Township Hall also referred to historically as the Town Hall is a town hall located in Kent Ohio USA listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building located along Gougler Avenue in central Kent near the Cuyahoga River was built in 1837 and has served as the seat of government for Franklin Township since 1840. It is best known for being the location where James A. Garfield was nominated for his first political office in 1859.
 Immaculate Conception Rectory is a historic Roman Catholic rectory located at 108 Beach Street in Revere Massachusetts. The rectory built in 1901 was added to the National Historic Register in 2002. Today the rectory is the Museum of the Revere Society for Cultural and Historic Preservation. Immaculate Conception Church located at 133 Beach Street is still an active parish.
 The Broadway Winter Hill Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church on 404 Broadway in Somerville Massachusetts. The granite and wood church building was built 1890-91 to a design by Hartwell and Richardson. It is one of only a few institutional Shingle style buildings in the city with multiple roofing styles and shingling that are characteristic of the style.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It is now home to the Vida Real Church.
 The Brown Stocking Mill Historic District encompasses the (now demolished) mill building of Harry S. Brown's stocking-making factory and associated mill worker housing Brown had built. Brown a supervisor at the Ipswich Mills established his company in 1906 constructed a factory on Brownville Avenue and built a series of worker housing units on Brownville and several nearby streets. The historic district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Cupola House is located in Egg Harbor Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Christ Church Crowton is located in Station Road Crowton Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Frodsham the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St John the Evangelist Kingsley and St John the Evangelist Norley. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Holbeck Ghyll is a restaurant located in Windermere Cumbria England. As of 2000 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.The late 19th century building was once Lord Lonsdale's hunting lodge and only became a hotel in the 1970s.
 The Park Motel in Denison Iowa is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as an example of a well-preserved pre-War highway motel during the early age of motoring.
 Cartier Castle (French: Château Bilquin de Cartier) is a château in Marchienne-au-Pont a part of Charleroi in the province of Hainaut Belgium.
 The House of Soviets (Russian: Дом Советов Dom Sovetov) is the office building built in Stalinist style in the late 1930s in Saint Petersburg (then Leningrad). It is located in the Moskovsky District of Saint Petersburg.According to Soviet projects the House of Soviets was planned to host the administration of Soviet Leningrad government. The location was chosen on undeveloped south outskirts of the city away from the downtown area which was prone to frequent floods.
 The Kip Homestead is located in Rutherford Bergen County New Jersey United States. The homestead was built in 1770 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 Brand Hollow Road Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at West Durham in Greene County New York. It was constructed in 1892-1893 and is a single span dry laid limestone bridge with a round arch. It is eight feet wide with a span of four and one half feet.It was built by Jeremiah Cunningham.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 William Ferguson Farm is a historic home and farm located in Wallace Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The farm has three contributing buildings two contributing sites and one contributing structure. They include the main house a residence converted in 1957 from a former carriage house and granary and Georgian and Federal style tenant house. The main house is in two sections; the earlier dates to 1741 and the latter from about 1830.
 Husøy Chapel (Norwegian: Husøy kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Husøy. The chapel is part of the Lenvik parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white stone chapel was built in 1957 and it seats about 100 people.
 The Corbin Cabin is a log structure built by George T. Corbin in 1909 in the Nicholson Hollow area of what is now Shenandoah National Park. Corbin was forced to vacate the land on which the cabin sits in 1938 when the land was added to Shenandoah National Park.
 Tazza D'Oro is a cafe and espresso bar located in Pittsburgh. The name means Cup of Gold in Italian. The main location is in Highland Park neighborhood where it has become a centerpiece of neighborhood There is a second location in the Gates and Hillman Centers at Carnegie Mellon University. It has been identified as part of a trend for higher quality coffee in Pittsburgh.The European-style cafe serves only single-origin coffee.
 Le Papillon (the French word for butterfly pronounced: [lə papiˈjɔ̃]) is a French restaurant located in San Jose California.Le Papillon is located on a busy street corner between a hotel and a strip mall. Although the surrounding area is prosaic the restaurant is elegant (and expensive). Customers are pampered by many people in suits. Le Papillon specializes in contemporary French cuisine.Owner Mike Mashayekh opened Le Papillon in 1977 in a remodeled coffee shop at its current location.
 The Acquario Romano (Roman Aquarium) is a building placed in piazza Manfredo Fanti Rome Italy.
 SCB Park Plaza or Siam Commercial Bank Park Plaza is a high-rise building complex located on Ratchadaphisek Road in Chatuchak district Bangkok Thailand.There are 4 buildings: SCB Park Plaza 1 (37 floors) SCB Park Plaza 2 (24 floors) SCB Park Plaza 3 (24 floors) SCB Park Plaza 4 (12 floors)The Four Buildings are divided into West and East.SCB Park Plaza is well known for its Skylight Roof Panels through the usage of the Curtain Wall system and Aluminium Cladding.
 The Oregon Portland Cement Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The George W. South Memorial Church of the Advocate also known as the George W. South Memorial Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The church was built from 1887 to 1897 as a memorial to the merchant and civil leader George W. South. The church was designed by Charles Marquedant Burns (1838 – 1922) a prominent church architect in the late 19th and early 20th century.
 Royal Spring Park is the site of a large spring in Georgetown Kentucky that since the earliest settlements in the area has provided water for the area. In addition to the spring the park has a log cabin built by a former slave Milton Leach. The park was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 The Basilique-Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile is a Roman Catholic minor basilica dedicated to St. Cecilia located in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield Quebec Canada. The basilica is under the circumscription of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Valleyfield. The basilica was decreed on February 9 1991.
 The AT&T Michigan Headquarters is a complex of skyscrapers and buildings located at 1st Street Cass Avenue State Street and Michigan Avenue in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It contains the AT&T Building the AT&T Building addition the Maintenance Shop and is owned by communications giant AT&T.
 US Post Office-Ithaca is a historic post office building located at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It was designed and built in 1909 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department James Knox Taylor. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.In 2000 the building was rehabilitated and converted into the Ithaca Town Hall.
 Jacob Ehrenhardt Jr. House also known as the 1803 House is a historic home located at Emmaus Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1803 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone house with a Federal side-hall plan. It has a 1 1/2-story rear kitchen wing. It features a slate covered roof. The house was restored in the 1980s. It is open as a historic house museum. Originally it had changed so that the toilet was near the old living room.
 Balcastle is a historic home located at Southampton in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1910 and is a large 1-story five-bay brick-sheathed residence with a small 1 1⁄2-story octagonal tower on the west side and large 2-story square tower on the east side. It is an example of castellated Gothic architecture. Also on the property is a small wood-frame hexagonal garden pavilion.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Lighthouse Pub is a Transportation Corridor / Restaurant and Pub at the southern tip of the Sechelt Inlet. The building was originally a restaurant from the old Expo 86 and have since been slowly transformed into an air and sea gateway to Sechelt.
 Alfa Romeo Historical Museum (Il Museo Storico dell’Alfa Romeo) which opened on December 18 1976 is located in Arese Milan Italy.
 The United States Penitentiary McCreary (USP McCreary) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kentucky. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent minimum-security satellite camp for male offenders.USP McCreary is located approximately 88 miles north of Knoxville Tennessee 125 miles south of Lexington Kentucky and 208 miles south of Cincinnati Ohio.
 The Colburn School is a historic school building at 136 Lawrence Street in Lowell Massachusetts USA.Named for Warren Colburn a superintendent of the Merrimack Manufacturing Company the Greek Revival school was built in 1848. The style is typical of pre-war institutional construction in Lowell such as Old City Hall the Market House and the original Varnum School. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Hole in the Rock is a narrow and steep crevice in the western rim of Glen Canyon in southern Utah in the western United States. Together with another canyon on the eastern side of the Colorado River it provided a route through what would otherwise be a large area of impassible terrain.In the fall of 1879 the Mormon San Juan Expedition was seeking a route from south-central Utah to their proposed colony in the far southeastern corner of the state.
 The Old Vanderburgh County Courthouse often simply called the Old Courthouse was once the center of Vanderburgh County Indiana government. Construction started in the spring of 1888 and was completed in November 1890. The building was ready to be occupied by the county government in early 1891. It sits in the heart of downtown Evansville.The building was designed by architect Henry W. Wolters of Louisville Kentucky and constructed by the Charles Pearce & Company of Indianapolis.
 The Sooke Harbour House is an inn and restaurant located in Sooke British Columbia Canada on the southern tip of Vancouver Island. It was one of the first restaurants to devote itself to local foods[citation needed] having done so since 1979.
 The Church of the Holy Heart of Jesus (Montenegrin: Crkva Presvetog Srca Isusovog Црква Пресветог Срца Исусовог) is the only Roman Catholic church in the city of Podgorica Montenegro. It was built in 1969 replacing the city centre church which was destroyed during the bombing of Podgorica in World War II. The church is a unique example of brutalist architecture and is located in Konik neighborhood.
 Bay Shore Methodist Episcopal Church also known as the United Methodist Church of Bay Shore is a historic Methodist Episcopal church complex at E. Main Street at the junction of Second Avenue in Bay Shore Suffolk County New York.
 The Building at 201 S. 3rd St. is a property in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is a 1 1⁄2-story commercial building that was built in 1888 when it replaced a small frame building that had housed a harness shop.The listing is just for the one building on an area of less than 1 acre (0.40 ha).
 Stone Mills Union Church is a historic church located at Stone Mills in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1837. It is a long three bay rectangular structure built of carefully dressed walls of gray limestone. It is covered by a gable roof and the front elevation features a two story pedimented pavilion two bays in width. Atop the pavilion is a simple belfry covered by a low pyramidal roof.
 The Old Medford High School is a historic high school building at 48-64 Forest Street in Medford Massachusetts. The building presently houses condominiums and a community theater.It was built in 1894-1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.In 1914 an addition was added to the building nearly doubling it in size due to the growth of Medford. In 1929 the north wing was constructed followed by the south wing ten years later.
 The Cementerio Municipal de Mayagüez also known as Cementerio Viejo was constructed in 1876 in Mayaguez Puerto Rico. It was designed by the municipal architect Félix Vidal de D’Ors following the master plan for the city from 1804. The outskirts of the cemetery are defined by brick walls and niches the area is divided by two streets that intersect.
 Moseley Old Hall is a small 17th century country house in Cheadle in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ864889). The construction date of the hall is uncertain though there is an inscription carved into the doorway reading 'R.M. 1663'; it is a Grade II* listed building. It would have been originally surrounded by fields and farmland though is now situated at the end of a suburban road.
 St Garmon's Church Llanarmon-yn-Iâl is in the centre of the village of Llanarmon-yn-Iâl Denbighshire Wales. It is an active Anglican church in the diocese of St Asaph the archdeaconry of St Asaph and the deanery of Dyffryn Clwyd. The church is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building.
 The Tivoli Theatre also known as the Tivoli is a historic theatre in Chattanooga Tennessee opening on March 19 1921. Built between 1919 and 1921 at a cost of $750000 designed by famed Chicago-based architectural firm Rapp and Rapp and well-known Chattanooga architect Reuben H. Hunt and constructed by the John Parks Company (general contractors) the theatre was one of the first air-conditioned public buildings in the United States.
 The Park Avenue Viaduct is a roadway in the Manhattan borough of New York City that carries Park Avenue from East 40th to 46th Streets around Grand Central Terminal and the MetLife Building then through the Helmsley Building; all three buildings lie across the line of the avenue. The viaduct was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 technically as a boundary increase to the Grand Central Terminal's prior listing but carrying a separate reference number.
 The Prison Hospital of Tirana (Albanian: Spitali i Burgut Tiranës) is a prison in opened at the Albanian Kingdom at the city of Tirana. It was closed under the Communist regime and was reopened in 1998 by the Republic of Albania.
 Frosta Church (Norwegian: Frosta kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Frosta in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Frosta and was built in 1866. The church is part of the Frosta parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Town Hall in Westport Connecticut also known as Old Town Hall is a building built in 1908 that formerly was the town hall of Westport. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It is unusual architecturally for using cobblestones within a design that is overall Classical Revival.In 1979 Westport rehabbed a grade school to use it as its town hall offices instead.
 Deulin Castle (French: Château de Deulin also Château de Harlez) is a château in the village of Deulin which forms part of the commune of Hotton in the province of Luxembourg Belgium.It was built from 1758 to 1770 by Guillaume-Joseph de Harlez and his son Simon-Joseph and their descandants the de Harlez de Deulin family still live there.Construit à partir de 1758 par Guillaume-Joseph de Harlez. Complété et décoré par son fils Simon-Joseph de Harlez dans les années 1770.
 Lakeline Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in north Austin Texas at the intersection of RR 620 and US 183. It has 1102805 square feet (102453.9 m2) of gross leasable area. Construction was initially slatted to begin in the 1980s but was stalled due to the savings and loan crisis and later stalled due to the discovery of two endangered species on the proposed site.
 Edward Rutledge House also known as Carter-May House is a house in Charleston South Carolina. It was the home of Edward Rutledge who was a signer of the Declaration of Independence and later was governor of South Carolina.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.The home has since been turned into a bed and breakfast. Images of the renovations can be seen on the official website. The South Carolina Department of Archives and History summary is here.
 Promenades Drummondville is a regional shopping mall in Drummondville Quebec Canada. It opened in 1989. It has 109 stores and its floor area is 333615 sq ft (30993.8 m2).
 Woburn Manor is a historic home and farm located near Sharpsburg Washington County Maryland United States. The manor house is a Federal style 2 1⁄2-story stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof structure built around 1820. The stucco is incised to resemble cut block. The property includes a landscaped yard with terracing to the south stone outbuildings including an out kitchen and smokehouse and slave quarters.Woburn Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The John A. Lafevre House and School is located along NY 208 in the town of Gardiner New York United States. It is often believed to be in New Paltz as it is within that town's ZIP Code. The house is a stone structure dating to 1772; the school was built in 1835 and remained in use for almost a century. Both are well-preserved examples of their type of building and were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The PNM Building is a 12-story office tower located at 414 Silver Avenue SW in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. It is 56 m (184 ft) tall making it the eighth tallest building in the city. Built in 1974 it replaced the old Public Service Company building at 420 Central SW as PNM Resources's headquarters.The building is part of the Alvarado Square complex which consists of the 12-story PNM tower and a shorter structure across the street on the north side of Silver Avenue.
 The George W. Smith House is a home in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park Illinois United States designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1895. It was constructed in 1898 and occupied by a Marshall Field and Company salesman. The design elements were employed a decade later when Wright designed the Unity Temple in Oak Park. The house is listed as a contributing property to the Ridgeland-Oak Park Historic District which joined the National Register of Historic Places in December 1983.
 Gillespie House is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story Greek Revival–style farmhouse with a center entrance and small rear ell. It features five small eyebrow windows in the eave. Also on the property is a garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 John's Burnt Mill Bridge also known as Camelback Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge in Mount Pleasant Township Adams County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1800 and 1823 and is a 75-foot-long (23 m) triple-arched fieldstone bridge. The bridge crosses the South Branch Conewago Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Thomas Burgis II House is a historic house at 85 Boston Street in Guilford Connecticut.It was built in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Sprowl's Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in West Finley Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Borman Bridge bringing a Cherry County Nebraska road over the Niobrara River near Valentine Nebraska was built in 1916 as a replacement for one of 18 Cherry County bridges washed away by flood and winter ice on February 16 1916. It was designed by the Canton Bridge Co. of Canton Ohio fabricated by the Cambria Steel Co. of Pittsburgh and built by the Canton Bridge Co.It has also been known as the Niobrara River Bridge and known as NEHBS No. CE00-224.
 The Museum of Communism in Czech Republic (Czech: Muzeum komunismu) located at Na Příkopě 10 in Prague Czech Republic is a museum dedicated to presenting an account of the post–World War II Communist regime in Czechoslovakia in general and Prague in particular. Situated above a McDonald's and next door to a casino just off Wenceslas Square the Museum of Communism offers an immersive look at life behind the Iron Curtain.
 The Tuggeranong Hyperdome is a two-storey regional shopping centre located in Greenway Australian Capital Territory servicing the district of Tuggeranong.
 Haslar Immigration Removal Centre (formerly known as Haslar Prison) is an immigration detention centre located in Haslar (near Gosport) Hampshire England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Willard Asylum for the Chronic Insane is a building complex in Willard New York near Seneca Lake. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.The property once included farmland that was farmed by the residents. Some of that property is now included in Bonavista State Park Golf Course.
 The Defiance County Courthouse is located at 221 Clinton Street in Defiance Ohio.
 Gausvik Church (Norwegian: Gausvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Gausvik. The church is part of the Sandtorg parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete and wood church was built in 1979 by the architect Nils Toft. The church seats about 160 people.
 Proprietors Meeting House and Parish House (Universalist Church of Scarborough and South Buxton) is a historic building at the junction of ME 22 and Old County Road in South Buxton Maine.It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register in 2001.
 The Lutheran Theological Seminary Building: Beam Dormitory was the first permanent building at the Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary in Columbia South Carolina. It was built on the highest point in Columbia in 1911 based on a design by noted Virginia architect Charles M. Robinson. The structure was built by Wise Granite Co. It included a chapel housing refectory classrooms and faculty offices.
 Itojo Hospital is a hospital in Itojo Ntungamo District in Western Uganda.
 The Players frequently referred to as the Players Club is a social club founded in New York City by the noted 19th-century Shakespearean actor Edwin Booth who purchased an 1847 mansion located at 16 Gramercy Park. During his lifetime he reserved an upper floor for his home turning the rest of the building over to the Clubhouse. Its interior and part of its exterior was designed by architect Stanford White.
 Lady St. Mary Church Wareham is a church of Anglo-Saxon origin in the town of Wareham Dorset in England. The church is notable as the possible burial place of King Beorhtric and for the discovery of five stones with Brittonic inscriptions dating to the 7th-9th centuries. A notable feature is the unique hexagonal lead font dating to around 1200.
 The Sherman is a historically significant apartment building located at 2501 North 16th Street in the Near North Side of Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1897 it was designated an Omaha landmark in 1985; in 1986 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sansad Bhavan is the house of the Parliament of India located in New Delhi.
 Malabar Farm State Park is a state park in Richland County Ohio United States located near Lucas and the Mohican State Park.Nestled in the hills of Pleasant Valley Malabar Farm was built in 1939 by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Louis Bromfield and was his home until his death in 1956. On May 21 1945 Bromfield hosted Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall's wedding and honeymoon at Malabar Farm.Bromfield grew up in Pleasant Valley.
 Rocky River Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Rocky River North Carolina.It was built in 1839 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Republic Building is a high-rise building in Washington D.C. The building rises 13 floors and 157 feet (48 m) in height. It was designed by architectural firm Smith McMahon Architects and was completed in 1991. As of July 2008 the structure stands as the 24th-tallest building in the city tied in rank with 1620 L Street 1333 H Street 1000 Connecticut Avenue 1111 19th Street 1010 Mass the Army and Navy Club Building and the The Watergate Hotel and Office Building.
 The State Russian Drama Theatre named after Pushkin or Theater Ashgabat (Turkmen: A. S. Puşkin adyndaky döwlet rus drama teatry) is a theatre in Ashgabat the capital city of Turkmenistan.
 Destroyed Armenian monastic complex of a few churches in Iĝdir province of modern Turkey.
 Ormeley Lodge is an early 18th-century Georgian house set in 6 acres (2 ha) on the edge of Ham Common near to Richmond Park in Ham London. It is owned by Lady Annabel Goldsmith.
 Spruce Creek Rod and Gun Club is a historic clubhouse and associated outbuildings located at Franklin Township Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. The clubhouse was built in 1905 and consist of a 2 1/2-story main section with a 2-story ell. It is constructed of local fieldstone and lumber and has gambrel roofs with dormers. The building is in the Colonial Revival style.
 The Grove Road Strict Baptist Church is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Eastbourne in the English county of East Sussex. The chapel was built in 1881.J.J. Skinner's 1881 red brick and stone chapel replaced an earlier Strict Baptist place of worship Marsh Chapel which was founded in the first few years of the 19th century. Reordering was carried out inside in 2002.
 The Cedar Rapids Scottish Rite Temple also known as the Scottish Rite Masonic Center is a historic building located at 616 A Avenue Cedar Rapids Iowa. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) as Consistory Building No. 2Its 100th anniversary was celebrated by the Grand Lodge of Iowa as an event in 2010.
 Grassdale is an Italianate-style villa in Louisa County Virginia notable for its size and style in a stable rural region. The house was built in 1861 by James Maury Morris Jr. a member of the prominent Morris family of Louisa County. The tract had originally been assembled by James Morris' grandfather Colonel Richard Morris who had established the neighboring Green Springs plantation.
 The Madrid Central Mosque (Spain) or Abu-Bakr Mosque is a building located in the Cuatro Caminos (Four Roads) neighborhood of Tetuán district. During its construction its proximity to the Estrecho (Strait) metro station gave birth to the popular name of the Strait Mosque.
 Miri Marriott Resort & Spa is the first and only international five star hotel in Miri Malaysia as of April 2009.Miri is a city in northern Sarawak Malaysia on the island of Borneo. Miri is the birthplace of Sarawak's and Malaysia's petroleum industry which remains the major industry of the city. Gunung Mulu National Park near Miri Sarawak Malaysian Borneo is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that encompasses incredible caves and karst formations in a mountainous equatorial rainforest setting.
 The Babcock Block was a historic commercial building at 600 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in the 1860s it was a rare example of granite construction in the period. The Main Street facade of the five story building was constructed out of granite blocks while that facing Austin Street was of pressed brick.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished to make way for construction of the Sky Mark Tower.
 The Texas Transportation Museum (TTM) is a transportation museum located near San Antonio Texas USA.It was created in 1964 to help preserve artifacts and information about San Antonio's transportation history.
 First World Hotel is a three-star hotel with a total of 6118-rooms making it the fourth-largest hotel in the world by number of rooms. It was the largest hotel in the world until The Palazzo an expansion of The Venetian in Las Vegas officially opened on 1 January 2008 at 00:00 MST.
 The Château de Puy-Launay is a ruined castle in the commune of Linac in the Lot département of France.A castle has existed on the site since the 14th centuries. It underwent major building works in the 15th century. The building is a three-storey atticed quadrangular structure. The north east corner forms a nook partly occupied by a square tower containing a spiral staircase. Two round towers flanking the southern façade were razed during the French Revolution.
 The Hart Senate Office Building the third U.S. Senate office building was built in the 1970s in Washington D.C. First occupied in November 1982 the Hart Building is the largest of the Senate office buildings. It is named for Philip A. Hart who served 18 years as a senator from Michigan.
 Friends Burial Ground is a historic Quaker cemetery in Baltimore Maryland United States. It is the earliest cemetery in Baltimore established in 1713 and 2.8 acres (11000 m2) in size. It contains a total of approximately 1900 small simple grave markers arranged in compact rows interspersed with large trees.
 St Botolph's Church Skidbrooke is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Skidbrooke Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in an isolated position in the Lincolnshire marshlands about 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Louth and to the west of the A1031 road.
 Arthur F. Black House listed on the National Register of Historic Places was built in 1925 and located in Kingman Arizona.The Arthur F. Black House is at 707 Cerbat Avenue Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1919 & second floor added in 1933. The house is in the style of Spanish Colonial Revival. Cecil E. Chilton was the first contractor and Mr. Black did the building of the second floor. The house has a native stone wall and an open veranda and balcony.
 The Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg South Africa. At 223 metres (732 ft) it has been the tallest office building in Africa for 39 years. The Carlton Centre has 50 floors. The foundations of the two buildings in the complex are 5 m (16 ft) in diameter and extend 15 m (49 ft) down to the bedrock 35 m (115 ft) below street level.
 Rosecliff built 1898-1902 is one of the Gilded Age mansions of Newport Rhode Island now open to the public as a historic house museum. The house has also been known as the Herman Oelrichs House or the J. Edgar Monroe House.It was built by Theresa Fair Oelrichs a silver heiress from Nevada whose father James Graham Fair was one of the four partners in the Comstock Lode. She was the wife of Hermann Oelrichs American agent for Norddeutscher Lloyd steamship line.
 The Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning in Jamaica Queens New York is a performing and visual arts center that was founded in 1972 in an effort to revitalize the surrounding business district. As of 2012 it serves more than 28000 people annually via a 1650 square foot gallery a 99-seat proscenium theater and art & music studios.
 Taylor County Courthouse in Butler Georgia was built in 1935. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 25 The Esplanade is a skyscraper located in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada. It is noted for its similarity to the nearby Gooderham Building in Toronto and other Flatiron-style buildings.
 650 California Street also known as the Hartford Building is a 34 story 142 m (466 feet) office tower on the northwestern edge of San Francisco's Financial District. The tower is located on California Street on the edge of Chinatown and not far from 555 California Street. 650 California is visible from every direction except from the southeast where the Financial District skyscrapers block the view.
 The Long Harbour Nickel Processing Plant is a Canadian nickel concentrate processing facility located in Long Harbour Newfoundland and Labrador.Operated by Vale Limited construction on the plant started in April 2009 and is expected to be completed by fall 2013 at a cost in excess of CAD $4.25 billion. Construction involved over 3200 workers generating approximately 3000 person-years of employment.
 Demonstration Hall is a structure on the campus of Michigan State University. It was built in 1928 with offices classrooms and a riding arena for the Military Science department as a replacement for the Armory (built 1885 razed 1939). Exhibitions of agricultural stock and implements were held here as well as athletic events. It served as the ice rink for the MSU hockey team from 1949 until Munn Ice Arena was completed in 1974.
 The General David Humphreys House located at 37 Elm St. Ansonia Connecticut was built from 1695 to 1698 and is the birthplace of the American Revolutionary War Colonel David Humphreys. Humphreys was a friend of and aide de camp to General George Washington and was nominated by President Washington to become the first ambassador of the United States to a foreign country (Portugal).
 Warder Public Library is a historically significant building in Springfield Ohio United States. A robust example of Richardsonian Romanesque architecture it was a gift to the city from industrialist Benjamin H. Warder and served as the main branch of the Clark County Public Library from 1890 to 1989. It now houses the Clark County (Warder) Literacy Center.
 The Norman Rockwell Museum is home to the world's largest collection of original Rockwell art.
 Mall of Abilene is an enclosed shopping mall in Abilene Texas. It is located in the growing south side of the city at the southwest corner of the busiest intersection in Abilene at Buffalo Gap Road and US 83/84 (Winters Freeway). It serves a 22-county trade area. Five stores anchor the mall JCPenney Dillard's Sears Best Buy and Books-A-Million. The mall also houses the 15000 sq ft (1400 m2) Premiere Cinema 10.
 The Colonnades are condominium buildings at 734-746 North Highland Avenue in the Virginia-Highland neighborhood of Atlanta Georgia. They are a contributing property to the Virginia-Highland Historic District registered on the National Register of Historic Places.The complex consists of two three-story buildings with 12 apartments each.
 Jim's Steaks is a Philadelphia Pennsylvania restaurant specializing in cheesesteaks founded in 1939 by Jim with his first head cook Henry Papa Geech Caratura. Jim's Steaks main restaurant is located on South Street.
 The Roos House in Natchez Mississippi was built in 1905. Its design includes Colonial Revival and Art Nouveau elements. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Millionaire's Row Historic District is a national historic district located at Williamsport Lycoming County Pennsylvania. The district includes 263 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in a residential area of Williamsport. The buildings date as early as 1855 and are representative of Victorian style architecture.
 The Royal Hospital Chelsea is a retirement home and nursing home for some 300 British soldiers who are unfit for further duty due to injury or old age located on Royal Hospital Road in Chelsea London in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is a true hospital in the original sense of the word – that is a place where hospitality was provided.
 The Golconda School located at Morrison and Fourth Sts. in Golconda Nevada is a historic building built in 1888. It includes vernacular Second Empire architecture and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was deemed significant for association with the economic development of Golconda for documenting the history of education in Nevada and as an unusually well-preserved 19th century wood-frame vernacular school.It was listed on the National Register in 1991.
 Continental Stove Works also known as the Buckwalter Stove Company is a historic factory complex and national historic district located at Royersford Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It consists of 16 contributing buildings and one structure. The complex was built in two sections: between 1876 and 1924 and 1898 and 1908 some of which are interconnected. They are generally built of brick with stone foundations.
 The Steep Falls Library or Pierce Memorial Library is an historic library building in the village of Steep Falls town of Standish Maine USA. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The H. S. M. Spielman House at 1103 I St. in Tekamah Nebraska is a historic house that was built in 1906. It has also been known as the Chamberlain House and has been denoted NeHBS #BT06-2.
 Red Crescent Rupayan Tower (known as Red Crescent Tower) is a 45 storey 160-metre (525 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in the city of Dhaka Bangladesh.
 Welkinweir is a 197-acre (80 ha) nonprofit arboretum garden mansion and conservation area located at 1368 Prizer Road East Nantmeal Township Pennsylvania USA near Pottstown. It is part of the Hopewell Big Woods. It is open to the public daily without charge.Welkinweir was the home of Everett and Grace Rodebaugh founding members of the conservation-minded Green Valleys Association who bought the site in the 1930s and spent decades improving it.
 First Baptist Church of Los Angeles is a Baptist church located at 760 South Westmoreland Avenue in Los Angeles California.
 Kvæfjord Church (Norwegian: Kvæfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Kvæfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Borkenes. The church is part of the Kvæfjord parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1867 and it seats about 550 people. It was consecrated on 30 July 1867. The architect was Jacob Wilhelm Nordan.
 The Brodhead-Bell-Morton Mansion also known as the Levi P. Morton House is an historic house located at 1500 Rhode Island Avenue Northwest Washington D.C. in the Logan Circle neighborhood.
 The Bush-Holley House is a National Historic Landmark in the Cos Cob section of Greenwich Connecticut. It was constructed circa 1730 and in the late nineteenth century was a boarding house and the center of the Cos Cob Art Colony Connecticut’s first art colony. From 1890 to 1920 the house was a gathering place for artists writers and editors and scores of art students came to study with leading American Impressionists John Henry Twachtman J.
 The Hollywood Heritage Museum also known as the Hollywood Studio Museum is located on Highland Ave. in Hollywood California USA.The museum is opposite the Hollywood Bowl and is housed in the restored Lasky-DeMille Barn which was acquired in February 1983 by Hollywood Heritage Inc. and moved to its present site. It was dedicated on December 13 1985.Since 1985 Hollywood Heritage has funded the preservation restoration and maintenance of early Hollywood treasures.
 Gaige Homestead is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The house was built about 1830 and is a rectangular two story five bay frame building in a vernacular Federal style. It has a one story gable roofed side wing. It features a gable roof with cornice returns a recessed central entrance and two brick interior end chimneys.
 The Stockyards Exchange is a building in South St. Paul Minnesota United States built in 1887 by the recently formed Union Stock Yards Company of Omaha. The building housed businesses associated with the nearby stockyards which later became the largest stockyards in the United States.
 The Perak Museum is a public museum located at the junction of Jalan Muzium (Museum Road) and Jalan Taming Sari (Main Road) in Taiping Perak Malaysia. It is the oldest museum in Malaysia and highlights the history of the state.
 All Saints Church Hoole is in Hoole Road Hoole Chester Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester and is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Queen Avenue Bridge is a reinforced concrete single-span barrel arch bridge in Minneapolis Minnesota that spans the tracks used by the Minnesota Streetcar Museum. The bridge was built in 1905 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Much of the significance of the bridge is due to it being the third-oldest reinforced concrete arch bridge in Minnesota.
 Biebrich Palace (German: Schloss Biebrich) is a Baroque residence (Schloss) in the borough of Biebrich in the city of Wiesbaden Hesse Germany. Built in 1702 by Prince Georg August Samuel of Nassau-Idstein it served as the ducal residence for the independent Duchy of Nassau from 1816 until 1866.
 Frontier Hospital is a Level 2 Regional government funded hospital in Queenstown Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Miller's House at Spring Mill is a historic building in the Spring Mill section of Whitemarsh Montgomery County Pennsylvania United States. Located about 200 feet (61 m) from where Spring Mill Creek empties into the Schuylkill River it is about a quarter-mile (402 m) southeast of the Borough of Conshohocken. The house was built about 1770 with an addition built about 1820.
 Mount Olive Cathedral is a Christian Methodist Episcopal cathedral in Memphis Tennessee United States of America. It is located on the corners of Linden Avenue and Lauderdale Street. The Reverend Dr. Stevey M. Wilburn is the current minister of the cathedral.
 Scott Creek Bridge-North Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad is a historic railroad bridge in Peach Bottom Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1909. The girder bridge with stone abutments was built by the Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad and crosses Scott Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Weston Centre is a 32-story modern-styled skyscraper in Downtown San Antonio Texas USA. Standing at a structural height of 444 feet (135 m) it is the third tallest skyscraper in San Antonio and the city's tallest office building.
 Bagby Furniture Company Building is a historic factory building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a four story U-shaped brick factory building composed of three sections constructed between 1902 and 1907. Its exterior features segmental and jack arches above openings a corbeled watertable and a corbeled cornice.
 The Bloodhound Site (16-WF-21) is an archaeological site in West Feliciana Parish Louisiana United States. It was once occupied by the Tunica tribe from 1700 to 1749.
 The Shrine of Our Lady of Lourdes Blackpool stands in Whinney Heys Road Blackpool Lancashire England (grid reference SD332368). It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust. Locally it has been known as the white church.
 Hexham Abbey is a place of Christian worship dedicated to St Andrew and located in the town of Hexham Northumberland in northeast England. Since the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1537 the Abbey has been the parish church of Hexham.
 The Naomikong Point Site also known as 20CH2 is a Late Woodland period Laurel site archaeological site located in Bay Mills Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Youth's Companion Building is a historic building at 209 Columbus Avenue in Boston Massachusetts. The building is also known as the Pledge of Allegiance Building because the Pledge of Allegiance was written and published there. The building originally had the address 201 Columbus Avenue and also has the address 142 Berkeley Street.
 Lewistown Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Derry Township Mifflin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 and is a one-story I-plan brick building with an exposed basement executed in the Colonial Revival style. It consists of a front administrative section with a drill hall and former stable area behind. The front and stable buildings have hipped roofs while the drill hall has a gable roof.
 Burgruine Neu-Montfort is a castle in Vorarlberg Austria.
 The Union Depot and Atlantic Coast Line Freight Station (also known as the Railroad Passenger Depot and Freight Station) is a historic site in Live Oak Florida United States. It is located at 208 North Ohio Avenue on the corner of Haines Street Northeast. The station was built at one of two junctions of an Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and Seaboard Air Line Railroad lines. The two railroads merged in 1967 to form the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad. On April 24 1986 it was added to the U.S.
 The Pitcher-Goff House is an historic site on Walcott Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built for Elias B. Pitcher a cotton manufacturer in 1840. Later it was sold to Lyman B. Goff. Goff added the front portico in the 1880s. In later years the home was headquarters of the American Red Cross and the Boy Scouts; in 1970 it housed the Rhode Island Children's Museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Christ Church Rossett is in Chester Road Rossett Wrexham County Borough Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II listed building. Christ Church is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Gresford the archdeaconry of Wrexham and the diocese of St Asaph. It is the parish church of the parish of Rossett with Holt & Isycoed.
 The Meadow Bridge was a historic bridge across the Androscoggin River located on a spur of North Road in Shelburne New Hampshire. It was a multi-span pin-connected truss bridge that was the first on its site when it was built in 1897 by the Groton Bridge and Manufacturing Co. The bridge consisted of three central through Pratt trusses one pony Pratt truss and one steel girder section.
 The Cathedral of Christ the King is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Lexington Kentucky United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Lexington.
 The Museo Nacional de Arte (MUNAL) (English: National Museum of Art) is the Mexican national art museum located in the historical center of Mexico City. The museum is housed in a neoclassical building at No. 8 Tacuba Col. Centro Mexico City. It includes a large collection representing the history of Mexican art from the mid-sixteenth century to the mid 20th century.
 The Enrollment Services Center is a building at Iowa State University in Ames Iowa. It houses Offices in Enrollment Services: Admissions Orientation Records and registration. In 1978 the building was placed on the National Register of Historic places.
 The China-Japan Friendship Hospital (Chinese: 中日友好医院) was established through the cooperation of the Chinese and Japanese governments during the 1980s. The hospital has been directly affiliated with China's Ministry of Health since its first day of operation October 23 1984. The hospital is located on East Yinghuayuan Street Chaoyang District Beijing. The hospital covers 9.7 hectares with floorspace of facilities measuring 180000 square meters.
 Broad Street Independent Chapel is a former nonconformist chapel dating from 1707. It is situated in Broad Street now the principal shopping street of the English town of Reading. The building has been sympathetically reused as a branch of the Waterstone's chain of bookshops. The building is a Grade II listed building.The main building was built in 1707 and is set back from Broad Street. The interior is roughly square with encircling galleries and a domed ceiling with modillion cornice.
 Crompton-Shenandoah Plant also known as The Mill at South River is a historic textile factory complex located at Waynesboro Virginia. The complex includes 11 contributing buildings and 8 contributing structures. The historic buildings and structures were built beginning in 1926 through 1948.
 Roe Cobblestone Schoolhouse is a historic one room school located at Butler in Wayne County New York. The cobblestone building is a one story 28 feet long by 22 feet deep three bay wide structure. It was built about 1820 and is constructed of irregularly shaped multi-colored field cobbles. It ceased to function as a school in 1932 used as a single family residence and will be used as a local historical museum.
 St. Nicholas Orthodox Church is a Russian Orthodox church in Tehran Iran.
 Sarang Community Church of Southern California is a Presbyterian Church in America (PCA) Korean-American church located in Anaheim California. Sarang has more than 8000 church attenders. Some statistics estimate about 11000 members. It is the largest Korean church outside of Korea (Republic of) as well as the largest Asian church outside Asia. In addition Sarang is the largest congregation within the Presbyterian Church in America.Sa-Rang Community Church was founded in 1988 by Rev.
 The Roe A. and Louise R. Deal House is an historic house in Springville Utah United States. The house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Avant's Cities Service Station is a historic service station located at 220 S. Choctaw in El Reno Oklahoma. The Art Deco building was constructed in 1933 as a service station for Cities Service Company to fuel automobiles traveling on U.S. Route 66. The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Langford Hall is a country house in Langford Nottinghamshire. The house is built in the neo-classical style and has many interesting architectural features. It is Grade II* listed and stands in 83 acres of parkland.It is constructed in two storeys of red brick with ashlar dressings and standing on an ashlar plinth with a hipped slate roof. The frontage has 5 bays.
 Aradale Mental Hospital was an Australian psychiatric hospital located in Ararat a rural city in Victoria Australia. Originally known as Ararat Lunatic Asylum Aradale and its two sister asylums at Kew and Beechworth were commissioned to accommodate the growing number of 'lunatics' in the colony of Victoria. Construction began in 1864 and the guardhouses are listed as being built in 1866 though the list of patients extends as far back as the year before (1865).
 St Mary's is an Anglican parish church in Elsing a small village and civil parish in the Breckland district of Norfolk England. The 14th-century church was built to a single plan in Decorated Gothic style by a local knight and has remained largely unaltered to the present day. The church contains a brass monument of national importance a tall medieval font cover and rood screen paintings. The chancel retains some stained glass contemporary with the construction of the building.
 The Safe Haven Museum and Education Center is a museum in Oswego New York that tells the story of 982 mainly Jewish refugees who fled Europe in the U S Government Safe Haven program. They came to the Fort Ontario Emergency Refugee Shelter in Oswego New York in August 1944.Safe Haven was the only Official U.S. Government activity to Rescue Jewish refugees during the Second World War for victims of the Nazi Holocaust.
 Clinical Hospital Dubrava (Croatian: Klinička bolnica Dubrava) is a public teaching hospital in Zagreb Croatia.
 Loewenstein and Sons Hardware Building also known as the Loewenstein Building or Rite Aid Building is a historic commercial structure located at Charleston West Virginia. It was designed by the Columbus Ohio architectural firm of Yost & Packard.The building is 35000 square feet (3300 m2) in a five-story pressed brick structure that features eclectic late Victorian and classical details.
 The Adelphi Mill is the only surviving historic mill in Prince George's County. It is the oldest and largest mill in the Washington D.C. area.
 Fort Peabody was a military post in southwestern Colorado situated at 13365 feet elevation on the county line between Ouray and San Miguel Counties making it the highest historical post of its kind in the United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 30 2005 as significant to the state and nation's labor history.
 The Alfred William Harper Houseat 125 W. Four Hundred N. in Lindon Utah is a two-story soft rock house that was built in 1877 and extended in 1889.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 North Leigh Roman Villa was a Roman courtyard villa in the Evenlode Valley about 0.5 miles (800 m) north of the hamlet of East End in North Leigh civil parish in Oxfordshire. It is in the care of English Heritage and is open to the public.
 Tibbits House also known as Tibbits Hall is a historic home located at Hoosick in Rensselaer County New York. The house was built about 1860 and 1 1⁄2-story rectangular Gothic Revival–style building. It is constructed of cut ashlar sandstone blocks and has steeply pitched gable roofs covered with fishscale slate. It features projecting porches bay windows changes of rooflines dormers chimneys and two towers. The existing house on the property was originally owned by U.S.
 World War Memorial Library also known as Corning City Club is a historic library building located at Corning in Steuben County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure in a combination of the Colonial Revival and Classical Revival styles. Built in 1897 to house the Corning City Club it became home to the library and memorial to Corning natives who lost their lives in World War I following a fire in 1926.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Batsto Village is a New Jersey Historic site located in Wharton State Forest in the south central Pine Barrens and a part of the Pinelands National Reserve. It is listed on the New Jersey and National Register of Historic Places and is administered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's Division of Parks & Forestry.
 The Samuel Green House at 264 E. Two Hundred S. in Pleasant Grove Utah was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It is a two-story soft-rock vernacular house with a hall-parlor plan and a gable roof from c.1870. It has a front porch that was added on in 1985.
 Global Mall at the Crossings formerly Hickory Hollow Mall is a regional indoor shopping mall in Antioch Tennessee a neighborhood of Nashville. The mall was built in 1978. In 1982 a JCPenney and several other stores were added. Another expansion project in 1991 resulted in a new building for Dillard's with a mall expansion built within the former Dillard's location. The two-level mall is built in a cross pattern with four wings situated around a central hub.
 Washington Old Hall is a manor house located in the Washington area of Tyne and Wear. It lies in the centre of Washington being surrounded by other villages.The manor was the ancestral home of the family of George Washington the first President of the United States.
 Alvaredo Church is a Roman Catholic church in the Shrine of Saint Martin in Alvaredo Melgaço Portugal.
 Eighteenth District School is a registered historic building in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register on March 3 1980.
 The A. G. Long House is a historic house in Portland Oregon United States. Built in 1908 it is perhaps the finest example of residential Colonial Revival architecture from the years soon after the style was introduced to Portland. It is additionally notable for its unusual admixture of Craftsman elements to the overall Colonial form especially on the interior. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Hospital Tuaran is a public hospital in Tuaran Sabah Malaysia.
 The Ridges formerly called the Athens Lunatic Asylum was a mental hospital operated in Athens Ohio from 1874 until 1993. During its operation the hospital provided services to a variety of patients including Civil War veterans children and violent criminals suffering from various mental disabilities.
 The Moses-Kent House is located in Exeter New Hampshire. It was built in 1868 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 12 1985.
 William S. Townsend House is located in the Dennisville section of Dennis Township Cape May County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1811 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 5 1984.According to the National Register Application: The house was the home of William S. Townsend a prominent merchant farmer and community leader in Dennisville. Architecturally the house is an interesting example of the Vernacular Neoclassicial style.
 Tunbyholm Castle (Swedish: Tunbyholms slott) is a castle in Tomelilla Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 The Old State Capitol State Historic Site in Springfield Illinois is the fifth capitol building built for the U.S. state of Illinois. It was built in the Greek Revival style in 1837–40 and served as the state house from 1840 to 1876. It is the site of candidacy announcements by Abraham Lincoln in 1858 and Barack Obama in 2007.
 The Oberoi Business Bay is a 63-floor residential tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of The Oberoi Business Bay is expected to be completed in 2009.
 New Suffolk School is a historic school building located at New Suffolk in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1907 and is a one story hip roofed structure on a raised brick basement with and engaged two story central tower. Originally a two room schoolhouse it was expanded to three in 1923.
 'The Oasis Alternative Fashion Store' (also known as The Oasis or The Oasis Market) is a shopping centre in the centre of Birmingham England known for selling a variety of alternative fashion and gothic fashion.There are several entrances into The Oasis - two in Priory Square and the another on Corporation Street. It is divided into five inter-linked levels connected by a number of stairways and corridors the walls of which are covered in various posters and flyers.
 Bandyup Women's Prison is located in the northeastern rural Perth suburb of West Swan Western Australia. Prior to its construction the female prisoners were at Fremantle Prison which was overcrowded and offered women limited opportunities. Prisoners are employed in the textile shop and traineeships and educational programs are offered.
 The Valentine–Varian House built in 1758 by Isaac Valentine and located in the Norwood section of the Bronx is the borough's second oldest house and oldest remaining farmhouse. The house remained in the Varian family which included Isaac Varian New York's 63rd Mayor until 1905 when it was sold. It is currently a part of the Historic House Trust and houses the Museum of Bronx History and the offices of the Bronx County Historical Society.
 Palazzo Isnello (also known as Palazzo Termine d'Isnello or Palazzo Sant'Antimo al Cassaro) is an historic palazzo situated between the ancient via del Cassaro and Piazza Borsa in the Kalsa quarter of Palermo Sicily.On the piano nobile of the house the vault of the ballroom is frescoed with an Apotheosis of Palermo one of seven monumental representations of the Genius of Palermo ancient numen of the city.
 Sabine Hill also known as Happy Valley Watauga Point and the General Nathaniel Taylor House is a historic house in Elizabethton Tennessee. The two-story Federal style building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Architectural historians are reported to have called it the finest extant example of federal architecture in North America.
 William Hoster House is a historic home located at Fayette in Seneca County New York. It is a four bay wide two story brick dwelling built about 1830 in the Federal style and later modified in the 1850s-1860s in the Italianate style. The hipped roof on the main block is topped by a distinctive octagonal cupola. Also on the property is a small gable roofed corn crib.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Houses at 76-96 Harvard Avenue are historic houses at 76-96 Harvard Avenue in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Church of St. Aidan is an Anglican church in The Beaches neighbourhood of Toronto Canada. The church has about 400 members and around 150 people show up on Sundays. The current priest-in-charge is the Rev'd Lucy Reid.The church's history begin with Pastor H. Dixon who set up a tent around 1880 to serve the residents of the small village in the area.
 Jongno Tower (Hangeul: 종로 타워) is a 33-story office building in Jongno Seoul. Its top floor is equipped with a restaurant and bar which is famous for its view of Jongno and other areas of Seoul. The tower is located near Jonggak Station of Seoul Subway Line 1. The 23rd to 30th floors are hollow. The hangeul lettering is 삼성증권 (Samsung Securities) the owner of the building. It was designed by Rafael Viñoly Architects and built in 1999. Its height is 132 meters.
 Immanuel Hall previously known as Immanuel Evangelical Church is a historic Late Gothic Revival church in the Carpenter Gothic style located in Hinsdale Illinois. It was constructed in 1900 by Lutheran German immigrants for three thousand dollars. Services in the one-story building were conducted in the German language until the 1930s when the church became affiliated with the Evangelical and Reformed Church and began services in English.
 The Hāna Highway is a 68-mile (109 km) long stretch of Hawaii State Routes 36 and 360 which connects Kahului with the town of Hāna in east Maui. On the east after Kalepa bridge Hana Highway continues to Kīpahulu as Route 31 (Piilani Highway) the first section of which is unofficially considered to be part of Hāna Highway.
 The Virginia Building (also known as the Strollway Center and Montgomery Ward Building) in Columbia Missouri was originally built in 1911 to house one of the first urban Montgomery Ward department stores. In 2002 after an extensive restoration the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. The property is located at the corner of 9th and Cherry Streets in Downtown Columbia.
 The Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art (The Johnson Museum) is an art museum located on the northwest corner of the Arts Quad on the main campus of Cornell University in Ithaca New York. It is most well known for its distinctive concrete facade. Its collection includes two windows from Frank Lloyd Wright's Darwin D. Martin House and more than 35000 other works in the permanent collection.
 San Fedele is a Jesuit church in Milan northern Italy. It is entitled to St. Fidelis of Como patron of the Catholic diocese of Como.Located in Saint Fedele Square in the centre of the city near the Palazzo Marino the Teatro alla Scala and the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II the church was commissioned by Charles Borromeo from Pellegrino Tibaldi (1559).The interior is on a single nave with tall columns in granite.
 St. Michael's Church is an historic church and the oldest surviving religious structure in Charleston South Carolina. It is located at Broad and Meeting streets on one of the Four Corners of Law and represents ecclesiastical law. It was built in the 1750s by order of the South Carolina Assembly. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a National Historic Landmark.
 China World Trade Center Tower III is a supertall skyscraper with 81 floors 4 underground floors and 30 elevators in Beijing China. It is the third phase of development of the China World Trade Center complex in Beijing's central business district of Chaoyang at the junction of the East Third Ring Road and Jianguomen Outer Street (Jian Guo Men Wai Dajie). The building topped out at 330 m (1083 ft) on 29 October 2007 and completed in 2010. It is the tallest building in Beijing.
 Foorum is a shopping centre in the centre of Tallinn Estonia. Foorum has a gross leasable area of 2500 square metres containing 28 different shops (including 4 restaurants and cafés).The centre has seven floors with the shops and other commercial services on the ground and first floors. The other floors are mostly used as flats and offices.Foorum is a meeting place in the heart of Central Tallinn at Narva mnt 5.
 Assembly Hall also known as Serio House de France House and Fletcher's Tavern is a small tavern built in 1808 in Washington Mississippi. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978 and designated a Mississippi Landmark on March 21 1995.
 The Cabin Chiang Mai is a drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility located in Chiang Mai Thailand. The center has offered treatment for alcohol drug and behavioral addiction since 2009. The center is a noted medical tourism location for international patients from countries such as the United States U.K. India Oman and Australia.
 Tameer Commercial Tower is an office skyscraper that began construction in 2009 developed by Sorouh Real Estate. The tower is the tallest between a complex conjoined between four other buildings in a major building project called the Tameer Towers owned by the Tameer corporation. The Tameer Towers are located in a section of the city Abu Dhabi called Al Reem Island; which is a brand new development area for the city.
 Old St Peter and St Paul's Church Albury is a redundant Anglican church near the village of Albury Surrey England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in Albury Park to the northwest of Albury Hall and between the villages of Albury and Shere.
 The Roy G. Cullen Building (dedicated as Roy Gustav Cullen Memorial Building) is the oldest building on the present-day campus of the University of Houston. It is believed to be the first building on a campus of higher education in the United States with air conditioning. Construction for the building began in 1938 and was completed the following year.
 St. Charles Borromeo Parish is a Roman Catholic church located on the East Side neighborhood of Bridgeport Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport. Its architecture is Gothic Revival.[citation needed]
 The Basilica of Saint Sabina (Latin: Basilica Sanctae Sabinae Italian: Basilica di Santa Sabina all'Aventino) is a historical church on the Aventine Hill in Rome Italy. It is a titular minor basilica and mother church of the Roman Catholic Order of Preachers better known as the Dominicans. Santa Sabina is perched high above the Tiber river to the north and the Circus Maximus to the east.
 Castillion-sur-Agen was a medieval castle in the commune of Bon-Encontre near Agen in Aquitaine France.Built on the top of a small hill with sheer rock cliffs (the plateau de Castillou) it was fortified by both nature and artifice. According to the 12th-century chronicler Robert of Torigny Henry II of England besieged Castillion-sur-Agen in 1161. After just one week the garrison capitulated.
 Chamberlayne Gardens is a historic apartment complex located in Richmond Virginia. The complex was built in 1945-1946 and consists of 52 Colonial Revival style brick buildings attached in 16 groups. They have four building plans are two to three stories in height and contain a total of 216 one- and two-bedroom apartments.
 St Andrew's Church Dent is in the village of Dent Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness. and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with that of St John the Evangelist Cowgill. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Marshall J. Kinney Cannery located in Uniontown Astoria Oregon between Fifth and Seventh Streets was constructed in 1879 and became one of the city's longest-running canneries. Run by the Astoria Packing Company of which Marshall J. Kinney was president the complex quickly became the largest and most extensive salmon-packing establishment on the Pacific Coast. In 1894 the cannery was completely rebuilt after being burned to the ground.
 The Rainbow Point Comfort Station and Overlook Shelter in Bryce Canyon National Park Utah were designed in 1939 by A.V. Jory of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style. Located at the southern end of the Rim Road at Rainbow Point the buildings were built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1940.The comfort station otherwise known as a public toilet is set back from the rim of Bryce Canyon.
 The Church of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel (Serbian: црква св. Арханђела Михаила и Гаврила - crkva sv. Arhanđela Mihaila i Gavrila) is a Serbian Orthodox church in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina.It was first mentioned in Ottoman sources dating to 1539 the Church was however built on older foundations.
 The Converse House and Barn are two structures at 185 Washington Street in Norwich Connecticut.It was the home of Colonel Charles A. Converse.They were both photographed by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1960. The Converse House and Barn as a pair was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1970.
 The SNCI Tower is a planned apartment skyscraper in New York City New York. The building is planned to rise 289.6 metres (950 ft) in the city's TriBeCa district with 57 floors. The building was proposed in mid-2011. The SNCI Tower was designed by the solus4 architectural firm and LeMessurier Consultants.
 The Pennine Centre is a tower on Tenter Street in Sheffield England. Construction started in 1973 on this immense building and was completed in 1975.The tower is 50 m (164 ft) tall and has 13 floors of office space. It was built in the International style like the Arts Tower in Sheffield and Tower 42 in London.
 St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Atchison Kansas. The stone church was built in 1866 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Saluda Middlesex County Virginia. It was constructed in 1712-1714 and is a one-story rectangular brick building with a gable roof. It measures 60 feet by 33 feet 6 inches. The church was restored in 1843 and a gable-roofed vestibule added.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Georgetown Light and Water Works is a historic building in Georgetown Texas.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Perch is a historic thatch-roofed public house in the village of Binsey Oxfordshire England northwest of Oxford and close to the River Thames overlooking Port Meadow.
 Al Mac's Diner-Restaurant is an historic restaurant building at 135 President Avenue in Fall River Massachusetts. It is an example of the stainless steel diners in Massachusetts with rectangular massing a flat roof a projecting center entry vestibule and rear kitchen wing.The diner was built in 1953 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.Al Mac's is a favorite stop for politicians on and off the campaign trail. This list includes Gov.
 Gauley Bridge Railroad Station is a historic railroad station in Gauley Bridge West Virginia. The station was constructed on a Kanawha and Michigan Railroad line in 1893 and later became a Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad station. It closed to trains in 1958 and became a fire station for the Gauley Bridge Volunteer Fire Department until it closed permanently in 1973. The station is reflective of company-built small-town railroad stations of its era.
 The Église Saint-Étienne de Lille is a church dedicated to Saint Stephen on the rue de l'Hôpital Militaire in Lille classed as a monument historique since 1971. It is one of the largest Jesuit churches in France.
 The Distomo Archaeological Collection is a museum in Distomo in Boeotia Central Greece. The museum noted for its pottery collection was established in 1994 and is supervised by the Tenth Ephorate of Prehistoric and Classical Antiquities.
 Danforth Art (renamed from Danforth Museum in 2013 to reflect its dual function as a museum and a community art school) was founded in 1975. It is located 20 miles west of Boston in Framingham Massachusetts.
 Mount Royal (8PU35) is a U.S. archaeological site of a Timucua Indian village perhaps the town of Enacape an important center of the Utina tribe. It is located three miles (5 km) south of Welaka Florida in the Mount Royal Airpark off County Road 309 on the eastern bank of the St. Johns River. On May 7 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Kolstad Church (Norwegian: Kolstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Kolstad area of the city of Trondheim about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) from the nearby Heimdal Church. The church is part of the Kolstad parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The concrete building was designed by Nils Henrik Eggen in a modern style. It was consecrated on 4 May 1986 by Bishop Kristen Kyrre Bremer.
 Overton Lodge is No. 5 in the Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of Tennessee. Overton is located on the Courthouse Square in Rogersville Historic District in downtown Rogersville Tennessee.
 The Hardenburgh Avenue Bridge is located in Demarest Bergen County New Jersey United States. The bridge was built in 1875 to traverse the Tenakill Brook and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 12 2001.
 The Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Dutch Reformed Church (Sleepy Hollow) is a 17th-century stone church located on Albany Post Road (U.S. Route 9) in Sleepy Hollow New York United States. It and its five-acre (2 ha) churchyard feature prominently in Washington Irving's The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. The churchyard is often confused with the contiguous but separate Sleepy Hollow Cemetery.
 Old Mulkey Meetinghouse (Old Mulkey Meetinghouse State Shrine;Mill Creek Baptist Church) is a historic church in Tompkinsville Kentucky.It was built in 1804 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is part of the Old Mulkey Meetinghouse State Historic Site.
 The Tripoli Shrine Temple is a Shriners temple located in the Concordia neighborhood of Milwaukee Wisconsin. The building is based on the Taj Mahal in India and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Tripoli Temple. It is not a religious building.
 The Foster House and Stable is a Japanese-influenced house at 12147 South Harvard Avenue in the West Pullman neighborhood of Chicago Illinois United States. The house was designed in 1900 by Frank Lloyd Wright for Stephen Foster an attorney who worked for real estate developer who helped to build this part of the West Pullman neighborhood. It was designated a Chicago Landmark on May 9 1996.
 B.J.
 For the restaurant in Tampa Florida see Oxford Exchange (restaurant)The Oxford Exchange is a strip mall located in Oxford Alabama. The center has more than 32 stores and restaurants. It opened in July 2006.
 The JA Ranch jointly founded by John George Adair and Charles Goodnight is the oldest privately owned cattle ranch in the Palo Duro Canyon section of the Texas Panhandle southeast of Amarillo. At its peak size in 1883 the JA still run by descendants of the Adair family encompassed some 1335000 acres (5400 km2) of land in six counties and a herd of 100000 cattle. The name JA is derived from the initials of John Adair a businessman from Ireland.
 Maria Lanakila Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church of Hawaii in the United States. Located in Lahaina on the island of Maui the church falls under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Honolulu and its bishop. The parish has a mission in Kapalua under the title of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary.
 The South Fallsburg Hebrew Association Synagogue is located on North Street in the hamlet of South Fallsburg New York United States. Built in 1902 it underwent a major expansion in 1919 that included being raised a story. It is one of the oldest synagogues in Sullivan County and has played a central role the region's Jewish community with some notable Jews having been members of the congregation. It is officially Orthodox but welcomes all Jews regardless of their level of observance.
 Gallery X is a contemporary art centre in Montreal in the province of Quebec in Canada. Gallery X is housed at the Concordia University in the Visual Arts Building. It has a programme where its curators change every year. It organizes individual and group exhibitions featuring works by regional artists such as Vincent Lévesques Patrick Vézina Catherine Guérin and Alexandre Ortiz.
 LLandaff Oratory is an oratory in Van Reenen KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. The oratory was built by Maynard Mathews in memory of his son Llandaff Mathew who died while saving the lives of 8 co-workers at the Burnside Colliery mine on 19 March 1925. Initially Maynard Mathews wanted to erect a plaque in honour of his son at the Roman Catholic Church in Ladysmith but could not secure permission to do so.
 The Julius I. Foust Building at 1000 W. Spring Garden St. in Greensboro North Carolina was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It was designed by Orlo Epps and partner Hackett.
 The Wayne L. Morse United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse located in Eugene Oregon. Completed in 2006 it serves the District of Oregon as part of the Ninth Judicial Circuit. The courthouse is named in honor of former U.S. Senator Wayne Morse who represented Oregon for 24 years in the Senate and was a Eugene area resident.
 The Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Denver of the Roman Catholic Church. It is located at the corner of Logan St. and Colfax Avenue in the North Capitol Hill neighborhood of central Denver. The cathedral has a capacity of 800 persons offers the Sacrament of Penance every day of the week and hosts three daily and six Sunday masses. Additional services to the community include the yearly provision of 50000 - 60000 lunches to the poor.
 The Parker House in Old Saybrook Connecticut was built in 1679 by Deacon William Parker and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Parker was not a founder of the First Church of Christ Congregational in Old Saybrook but became Deacon in 1670 and he represented the town at seven sessions of the general court. He died in 1725 at the age of 81.
 The Melrose Apartments were built in 1916 at 602 North 33rd Street in the Gifford Park neighborhood of Omaha Nebraska. The Melrose was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 University of Missouri Children's Hospital is mid-Missouri's largest and most comprehensive pediatric health-care facility dedicated exclusively to meeting the health-care needs of children. Children's Hospital is a member of University of Missouri Health Care in Columbia Missouri and affiliated with the University of Missouri.MU Children's Hospital has more than 100 doctors who provide care in more than 30 pediatric specialties including cardiology cancer and surgical specialties.
 Katz's Delicatessen also known as Katz's of New York City is a kosher style (not kosher) delicatessen restaurant located at 205 Houston Street on the southwest corner of Houston and Ludlow Streets on the Lower East Side in Manhattan New York City.Since its founding in 1888 it has become popular among locals and tourists alike for its pastrami sandwiches and hot dogs both of which are widely considered among New York's best.
 The Museum of Indian Arts and Culture/Laboratory of Anthropology is a museum of Native American art and culture located in Santa Fe New Mexico. It is one of eight museums in the state operated by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums as part of the Museum of New Mexico system.
 Jumbo Kingdom (simplified Chinese: 珍宝王国; traditional Chinese: 珍寶王國; pinyin: Zhēnbǎo Wángguó; literally Treasure Kingdom) consists of the Jumbo Floating Restaurant (珍寶海鮮舫) and the adjacent Tai Pak Floating Restaurant (太白海鮮舫) renowned tourist attractions in Aberdeen South Typhoon Shelter within Hong Kong's Aberdeen Harbour. Over 30 million visitors have visited Jumbo Kingdom including Queen Elizabeth II John Wayne Tom Cruise and Gong Li.
 Delevan Baptist Church also known as First Baptist Church and First Colored Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church building located at 632 W. Main Street in Charlottesville Virginia. It was built in 1883 and is a one-story three bay by six bay Victorian Romanesque style brick church.
 The Macedonia Baptist Church in Holden Louisiana is within the Livingston Parish and was organized in 1856. The current building was constructed in 1898. The local community was settled by Anglo-Saxon Protestants during the 19th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St Luke's Church Hickling is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Hickling Nottinghamshire.
 The Liberty is a covered shopping centre located in the London Borough of Havering. It is the largest shopping centre in Romford a metropolitan centre of Outer London. It was originally built in 1968 as the Liberty Shopping Centre and underwent a four-year redevelopment completed in 2004. The centre takes its name from the former Liberty of Havering and is owned by the Cosgrave Property Group.
 The Whiting Homestead is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1790 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 3 1987.
 The Roman Catholic Church Group Toodyay is a site on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay Western Australia owned by the Catholic Church. This site was registered as Roman Catholic land in November 1861 in the newly proclaimed Avon District town of Newcastle (now known as Toodyay). These buildings were erected here between the early 1860s and 1963: The original St John the Baptist Church built in 1863 closed 1963.
 The Hermitage of Mãe de Deus (Portuguese: Ermida de Mãe de Deus) is a hermitage situated on the hilltop of Ladeira da Mãe de Deus in the civil parish of São Pedro in the municipality of Ponta Delgada. The hermitage is notable for the intricately detailed cornerstones in black basalt coated in plaster and painted in white. The stonework is primarily in the main facade and practically all of the area around the temple.
 St. Joseph's Home for the Aged (Chinese: 聖若瑟安老院) is located at No. 35 Clear Water Bay Road Ngau Chi Wan Wong Tai Sin New Kowloon Hong Kong. The site spans 230000 square feet (21000 m2).St. Joseph's Home for the Aged refers to a compound of historical buildings; more than 10 buildings at its peak. The site was not originally a home for the elderly but a villa (or storey-house) belonging to Mr. Chan Keng-Yu (Chinese: 陳賡如). This added historical significance to the compound as Mr.
 Great Vow Zen Monastery was founded in 2002 and is operated by Zen Community of Oregon[1] (ZCO) under the leadership of abbots Chozen Bays Roshi and Hogen Bays. The monastery offers weekend workshops weeklong meditation retreats and special events throughout the year.
 The Strauther Pleak Round Barn also known as the Pleak-Morgan Barn is a round barn near Greensburg Indiana United States. Built in 1914 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Confederate Monument in Bracken County Kentucky in Augusta Kentucky honors eight unknown Confederate soldiers who were killed attacking Augusta in September 1862. Confederate Colonel Basil W. Duke led a force of Confederate soldiers to raid the town on September 27 1862 only to be driven back by a home guard force numbering 100 and backed up by gunboats. Eight Confederate soldiers of the 21 who died were buried in Payne Cemetery.
 The Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University is the art gallery of Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It is located on the university campus on Forbes Avenue at Morewood Avenue at the border between the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods.
 Lefcourt Colonial Building is an office building located in midtown Manhattan in New York City built by Abraham E. Lefcourt. The 538-foot-tall (164 m) Art Deco building located at 295 Madison Avenue at 41st street was completed in 1930. It was designed by the Charles F. Moyer Company and Bark & Djorup.
 The Perry and Agnes Wadsworth Fitzgerald House at 1160 E. Pioneer Rd. in Draper Utah was built in 1870 as the home for Perry Fitzgerald's third polygamous wife Agnes who had 13 children. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The property was assessed for its historic significance in 2004 when a Draper city library was planned to be built upon the property. A historic log cabin had already been moved to a city park and preserved.
 The Henry Sensel Building is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Calumet Plantation House is located in Patterson Louisiana. It was built in 1830 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 18 1984.
 Cliffe Castle Museum Keighley West Yorkshire England is a local heritage museum which opened in the grand Victorian neo-Gothic Cliffe Castle in 1959. The museum is the successor to Keighley Museum which opened in Eastwood House Keighley in ca.1892. There is a series of galleries dedicated to various aspects of local heritage and to displaying the house itself. Entrance to the museum is free of charge.
 The DeForest Skinner House or Skinner Homestead is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Valparaiso Indiana. It was placed on the Register on June 24 2008. Built around 1860 it is a two-story carpentered Italianate structure with a double brick foundation weatherboard walls and asphalt roof located three blocks north of the Porter County Courthouse.
 Roxy Hotel is a historic hotel located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It is a red brick structure consisting of two sections: a three story eight bay main block and a two story four bay side wing. It was built in 1894 and has remained in continuous use as a hotel and center of the local tourist trade. The hotel was restored in 2011 into 16 hotel rooms and an Irish Pub called Monaghan's Irish Pub. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Leslie M. Scott House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. A bungalow built in American Craftsman style in 1910 it was added to the register in 1989.The house resting on a concrete foundation has a full basement and is covered by a gable roof with gabled dormers. Arthur Arand a local contractor who built the house used natural materials throughout.
 Hunt Downing House also known as Arrandale is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It consists of a 2 1/2-story five bay central block built about 1810 a kitchen wing and a one bay library addition built in 1946. The house is in the late Federal style. The main entrance features a semi-circular fanlight and column supported entabulature.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity Long Melford is a Grade I listed parish church of the Church of England in Long Melford Suffolk England. It is one of 310 medieval English churches dedicated to the Holy Trinity.The church was constructed between 1467 and 1497 in the late Perpendicular Gothic style.
 Third Baptist Church is a historic church at 1546 5th Street in NW Washington DC.It was built in 1893 in Late Gothic Revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Tiller Church (Norwegian: Tiller kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the Tiller area in the city of Trondheim. The church is part of the Tiller parish in the Heimdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden church was built in 1901. The church seats about 200 people. The church was almost totally destroyed in a fire on 9 September 2001.
 The Qwensel House is the oldest wooden house in Turku Finland. It is bourgeois housing from the autarchic times that has survived in its entirety. The house was built approximately in the year 1700 in an area that was reserved for the nobility in the city plan made up by Peter Brahe in 1652. Today the Qwensel House operates as the Turku Pharmacy Museum and café.
 The Château des Vallées is a château from the 19th century in Tournon-Saint-Pierre Indre-et-Loire France.It was home of Mado Robin a French coloratura soprano.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church of Tioga Center also known as United Methodist Church of Tioga Center is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Tioga in Tioga County New York. It is a vernacular Gothic Revival style rectangular structure built in 1872-1873. It is a two story frame structure that features a tower with louvered belfry and spire in the northeast corner.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Federal Prison Camp Montgomery (FPC Montgomery) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Alabama. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. FPC Montgomery is located on the grounds of Maxwell Air Force Base approximately 90 miles from Birmingham Alabama.
 The Tuscawilla Park Historic District is a historic district in Ocala Florida. It is bounded by Northeast 4th Street Sanchez Avenue 2nd Street Tuscawilla Avenue and Watula Street. It encompasses approximately 20 acres and contains 37 historic buildings. On March 30 1988 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dahlerups Pakhus (English: Dahlerup Warehouse) originally known as Pakhus 1 (English: Warehouse 1) is a former Warehouse situated on the west side of the Langelinie Pier opposite the Middle Pier in Copenhagen Denmark. Designed by Vilhelm Dahlerup from whom it now takes its name it was built between 1892 and 1893.
 The Bayne-Fowle House is a historic house located at 811 Prince Street in Alexandria Virginia United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 6 1986. The Bayne-Fowle House is a masonry town house built in 1854 for William Bayne an Alexandria-based commission merchant. It is noted for its fine mid-Victorian interiors and elaborate plasterwork.
 The Louis Johnson Water Tank House near Richfield Idaho United States was built in 1910 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Riverside The Farnsley-Moremen Landing is a historic 300-acre (120 ha) farm and house in Southwest Louisville Kentucky along the banks of the Ohio River. The house a red brick I-house with a two-story Greek Revival portico was built in 1837 by Gabriel Farnsley. Farnsley died in 1849 without a will and after a dozen years of legal wrangling over his estate the ownership of the house transferred to the Moremen family in 1862.
 Berger House in Abilene Kansas is a Modern Movement house dating from 1949. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Whitneyville Congregational Church now the Whitneyville United Church of Christ is a historic Congregational Church at 1247-1253 Whitney Avenue in the Whitneyville section of Hamden Connecticut. The church building was designed by Rufus G. Russell in Greek Revival style and was built in 1834. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The congregation is now affiliated with the United Church of Christ (UCC).
 Richmond Hill Heritage Centre is an 1840s Regency-style dwelling in Richmond Hill Ontario Canada and is a noteworthy example of its style.
 The Pines is a historic home located at the hamlet of Pine Plains in the town of Pine Plains Dutchess County New York. It was built in 1878 and is a large 2-story frame residence with a 1 1⁄2-story service wing designed in the Stick-Eastlake style. It has an asymmetrical appearance with projecting bays cross gables and porches.
 The Hatteras Weather Bureau Station is a wood-frame building in Hatteras North Carolina built in 1901 for what was then called the U.S. Weather Bureau. The then-remote location on the Outer Banks of North Carolina provided data on conditions in the Atlantic Ocean from a fixed location that was farther into the ocean environment than any on the Atlantic coast. The building served as a weather station from 1902 to 1946 when it was converted to living quarters for Weather Bureau personnel.
 The Isaac Gardner Sr. House (also known as the Gardner Family House) is a historic home in Tampa Florida United States. It is located at 209 West Palm Avenue. On October 13 2003 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Great Synagogue of Europe formerly known as the Great Synagogue of Brussels is the main synagogue in Brussels Belgium which was dedicated as a focal point for European Jews in 2008.The building was designed in 1875 in a Romanesque-Byzantine style by the architect Désiré De Keyser and constructed in 1878. It is located at 32 Rue de la Régence (fr) in Brussels. The synagogue survived the Holocaust in which 25000 Belgian Jews died.
 West Liberty Presbyterian Church also known as West Liberty Federated Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at West Liberty Ohio County West Virginia. It was built in 1873 and is a simple rectangle in form with a projecting vestibule. It is in the Late Victorian Gothic style. It is constructed of brick and stone with steeply pitched roofs parapet gables and an open belfry.
 The Folklore Museum at Mysore India is a museum which exhibits folk art and crafts from all over the state of Karnataka
 The McLean House in Appomattox Virginia is a structure within the Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. It was registered in the National Park Service's database of Official Structures on June 26 1989.
 Kenwood Evangelical Church (also known as Kenwood United Church of Christ) is a historic church building at 4600-4608 South Greenwood Avenue in Chicago Illinois.The Romanesque building was constructed in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.The church is also a designated Chicago Landmark as of October 5 2011.
 Built in 1972 Harbor Point Condominiums is a residential and commercial building in Chicago Illinois United States on Lake Michigan.
 BG Group Place (formerly MainPlace) is a 630 ft (192 m) tall skyscraper in Downtown Houston Texas. It was completed in 2010 and has 46 floors. It has been pre-certified Platinum LEED. When it was completed BG Group Place became the 15th tallest building in Houston and features a skygarden on the 39th floor. It is the tallest building built in Houston in 23 years after the Heritage Plaza was completed in 1987.
 The U.S. Post Office located at 65 W. Mill Ave. is the main post office in Porterville California. Built from 1933 to 1937 the post office was designed by H. Rafael Lake in the Art Deco style. The design features decorative terra cotta plaques over the windows and cast aluminum plaques below the front windows decorative features used in no other building in Porterville.
 Indian Rocks Dining Hall is a historic building located near Reedsville Preston County West Virginia. The dining hall was built in 1928 and 1 1/2-stories with a hip porch on three sides. The front facade is of brown fieldstone with a large fireplace at the center front of the building. It is in the rustic Adirondack style. Also on the property are a contributing tourist cabin (c. 1928) ice / spring house (1928) and ice pond (c. 1928).
 The Victor Cullen School Power House is a historic power house building located at Sabillasville Frederick County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Renaissance Revival stone structure with a hip roof and a fully exposed basement.
 Ballar Bunder Gatehouse is a Grade I Heritage structure that has been converted into a maritime museum located at Ballard Estate in the old Fort area of Mumbai India. It was built in 1920 to commemorate the realignment of the harbour and is located where Ballard Pier a small pier once existed with an approach jetty at right angles to the pier. The building was among the five entries from the Mumbai for the 2009 UNESCO Asia-Pacific Heritage Awards for Culture Heritage Conservation.
 The Parish church of St Michael the Archangel (grid reference ST545570) is in the village of Compton Martin Somerset England.The church which was built in the 12th century in a Norman style funded by William FitzWalter. The tower was added in 1441. Norman vaulting can be seen in the chancel and Jacobean work in choir stalls and organ screen. In the north wall is a recess containing the effigy of Thomas de Moreton which was discovered in 1858.
 The C. K. Choi Building is an award-winning building recognized for its leading-edge sustainable design features. It is the University of British Columbia's flagship environmental building in what it calls its ‘living laboratory’ the campus used to showcase innovative approaches to conserving energy water and materials while striving to make positive impacts on the environment.Located in the northwest quadrant of the UBC campus the building is named after Dr.
 Harden House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1885 and is a two story frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. Also on the property is a 19th-century carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 County Hospital Durham was a hospital in Durham City built in 1853 from public donations and subscriptions until services were moved to Lanchester Road Hospital on the Earls House Hospital site on the outskirts of the city.
 Château de Tiregand is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Hart House is a student activity centre at the University of Toronto. Established in 1919 it is one of the earliest North American student centres. Hart House was initiated and financed by Vincent Massey an alumnus and benefactor of the university and was named in honour of his grandfather Hart Massey.
 Château de Clérans is a château in Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 The Grout Museum District is a set of museums in Waterloo Iowa. The District consists of the Grout Museum of History & Science Bluedorn Science Imaginarium Rensselaer Russell House Museum Snowden House and the Sullivan Brothers Iowa Veterans Museum.
 The Palace Hotel Residential Tower is a proposed residential skyscraper at the corner of Jessie & Annie Streets in the South of Market district of San Francisco California.
 St Chad's Church Claughton is located in the village of Claughton Lancashire England. It is a redundant Anglican parish church which is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Lauenburg is a ruined medieval castle in the East Harz in central Germany situated on an elevation southwest of the village of Stecklenberg (in the borough of Thale) in Harz district in the state of Saxony-Anhalt in the former German Democratic Republic (East Germany).The castle was built in the High Middle Ages. The ruins of the Lauenburg stand on a foothill of the Ramberg massif above the village of Stecklenberg. It was built by Henry IV and first mentioned in the records in 1164.
 The Joseph J. Cole Jr. House and 1925 Cole Brouette No 70611 are a house and historic motor car located at 4909 N. Meridian St. in Indianapolis Indiana. The house also known as Colehaven dates from 1924 and reflects Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and French Renaissance architecture.The 1.3 acre property including the house and one other contributing structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Ambarawa Railway Museum (Indonesian: Museum Kereta Api Ambarawa) is a museum located in Ambarawa in Central Java Indonesia. The museum focuses on the collection of steam locomotives the remains of the closing of the 3 ft 6 in (1067 mm) railway line.
 The Louville Niles House is a historic house at 45 Walnut Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1890 and is one of the city's finest Queen Anne Victorian houses. The house was designed by Edwin K. Blankie an MIT graduate and local builder. The building has irregular massing with numerous gable and roof lines.
 Shaare Zedek Synagogue is a Conservative Jewish synagogue founded in 1905 in St. Louis Missouri United States and currently located at 829 Hanley Road. As of 2013 the rabbi was Mark Fasman.
 Numertia Plantation was built about 1850-1851 probably for Major Samuel Porcher. It is a two-story frame structure on a brick foundation. The house follows the pattern of central hall farmhouses two rooms deep and two rooms wide.
 Marvin Methodist Episcopal Church South (Marvin United Methodist Church; Marvin Church) is a historic church at 300 W. Erwin Street in Tyler Texas.It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 Kingsland Homestead located in Flushing Queens is a New York City landmark and member of the Historic House Trust. It is the home of the remains of a landmarked weeping beech tree believed planted in 1847 and located near the 17th Century Bowne House the location of the first Quaker meeting place in New Amsterdam. The homestead houses and is operated by the Queens Historical Society and is open to the public as a museum.
 Bury Castle is an Iron Age hill fort and 12th medieval century castle near Selworthy Somerset England.
 The Elks Victory Lodge-Ruby's Grill Building in Oklahoma City Oklahoma was built in 1929. It has served historically as a specialty store as a restaurant and as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.Formerly housing a Ruby's Grill until 2011 the building now houses as small restaurant known a Urban Roots. It is currently undergoing renovation of its roof features.
 The Palace Hotel is a landmark historic hotel in San Francisco California located at the SW corner of Market and New Montgomery streets.
 For the former UK supermarket see Sainsbury's SavacentreSava Centar (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава центар) is an international congress cultural and business centre of various multi-functional activities located in New Belgrade Serbia. It is the largest audience hall in the country and entire former Yugoslavia and one of the biggest in Europe. It has been host to numerous large scale events and performances.
 Fuerte de Vieques also known as El Fortin Conde de Mirasol is a fort built in 1845 located in the town of Isabel Segunda in Vieques an island municipality of Puerto Rico. In 1991 the fort was restored by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture. The structure houses the Vieques Museum of Art and History and the Vieques Historic Archives an extensive collection of documents related to the history of Vieques. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Castle of Faria (Portuguese: Castelo de Faria) is a castle in northern Portuguese civil parish of Gilmonde municipality of Barcelos in the Cávado.
 The Shrine of St. Anthony is a Roman Catholic shrine honoring St. Anthony of Padua. The shrine is located within the St. Joseph Cupertino Friary in Ellicott City Maryland USA. The shrine is a ministry of the Conventual Franciscan Friars St. Anthony of Padua Province.The friary covers 20194 sq ft (1876.1 m2) on 320 acres (1.3 km2; 0.50 sq mi) of hills and woodland.The chapel which houses the relic of St. Anthony is open to the public during published visiting hours.
 The former Unitarian Church now the Channing-Murray Foundation at 1209 West Oregon Street in Urbana Illinois is the Unitarian-Universalist Campus Center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. It includes a chapel and a vegetarian restaurant The Red Herring. The Foundation was established in 1954 as a merger of the Murray Club of the Universalist Church in Urbana and the Young People's Club or Unity Club of the Unitarian Church.
 Stotesbury Club House is a historic clubhouse located at Wyndmoor in Springfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1904 and 1908 for Edward T. Stotesbury (1849-1938) as an equestrian center building. An addition was completed in 1927. It is a 1 1/2-story L-shaped frame building in the Arts and Crafts style. It has a gable roof and a shingled gable dormer.
 The Walter Brewster House is located on Oak Street in Brewster New York United States. It was built in the Greek Revival style around 1850 by Brewster who founded the village that today bears his name.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Currently it is owned and operated by the Landmarks Preservation Society of Southeast as an event venue and cultural center.
 Naissa Mosque is a mosque in Qardaha along the Syrian coast. It was built in 1989 by architect Abdul Rahman Naassan and funded by the mother of former president Hafez al-Assad Naissa Assad—after whom the mosque was named. The state funeral of Hafez al-Assad was observed at the mosque.
 The 400 Sherbrooke West or Hilton Garden Inn Downtown Montreal is a 37-storey skyscraper in Montreal Canada.It is a hotel and apartment complex and is located at the intersection of Sherbrooke Street and Bleury Street near the Place-des-Arts Metro station and McGill University in the Quartier des Spectacles.Completed in 2009 it is currently the 29th tallest building in Montreal standing at 112.5 m (369 ft).
 The Majestic Cinema is a cinema in King's Lynn Norfolk England.
 Mount Forest United Church is one of two congregations in the Mount Forest Pastoral Charge of the United Church of Canada in Hamilton Conference. Built in 1873 the Mount Forest United Church is an important part of the local history of Mount Forest Ontario and continues to be one of the most historical and recognizable landmarks of the area.
 The Redpath Museum is a museum of natural history belonging to McGill University and located on the university's campus at 859 Sherbrooke Street West in Montreal Quebec Canada. It was built in 1882 as a gift from the sugar baron Peter Redpath. It houses collections of interest to ethnology biology paleontology and mineralogy/geology. The collections were started by some of the same individuals who founded the Smithsonian and Royal Ontario Museum collections.
 Maple Grove Farm is a historic home located at Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1840 and is a 2 1/2-story five-by-two bay frame Georgian house with a two-story frame gabled wing to the east and a two-story kitchen wing to the rear. It features a full width front porch supported by Doric order columns. Also on the property is a small stone stuccoed structure which appears to have been a meathouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Dorchester Friary was a friary in Dorchester Dorset England. It was a Franciscan friary and stood on the north side of the town on the banks of the River Frome a little east of where Dorchester Castle was. It was founded sometime before 1267 and dissolved in 1538.
 The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Shreveport Louisiana was built in 1910. It was designed in Italian Renaissance architecture style by James K. Taylor and James A. Wetmore. It served historically as a courthouse and as a post office. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Francovich House at 557 Washington St. in Reno Nevada was built during 1899-1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was delisted later the same year when it was moved to save it from demolition.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 24 N. Fullerton Avenue in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Sydney Adventist Hospital commonly known as the San is a large private hospital in Sydney Australia located on Fox Valley Road in Wahroonga. Established on 1 January 1903 as a not-for-profit organisation it was originally named the Sydney Sanitarium from which its colloquial name was derived. The hospital is operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church whose Australian headquarters are located in the immediate vicinity of the San.
 Hillandale-Main Residence and Gatehouse are historic structures located in the Burleith neighborhood in Washington D.C.. They have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1995.
 Catch the Fire Toronto previously known (until 2010) as Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship (TACF) is a non-denominational neocharismatic Christian church in Toronto Canada. It is the flagship church of the Catch The Fire movement and is also affiliated with the Partners in Harvest group of churches.
 The Royal London Hospital was founded in September 1740 and was originally named The London Infirmary. The name changed to The London Hospital in 1748 and then to The Royal London Hospital on its 250th anniversary in 1990. The first patients were treated at a house in Featherstone Street Moorfields in November 1740.
 The Elihu Thomson House (built 1889) is a historic house located at 22 Monument Avenue Swampscott Massachusetts. It is a National Historic Landmark and currently serves as Swampscott Town Hall it is right next to the public library and directly across from a Chabad Lubavich synagogue.The house was designed by architect James Kelly for the noted inventor electrical engineer and industrialist Elihu Thomson who was with Thomas Edison co-founder of General Electric Company.
 The Carlen House also known as the Carlen House Museum is a historic house museum in Mobile Alabama United States. The house was built in the Gulf Coast cottage style in 1843. It was the residence of Michael and Mary Carlen Irish immigrants and their twelve children. Operated as a farm during the 19th century the Mobile County School Board acquired 38 acres (15 ha) of the property from the Carlen family in 1923 as the site for a new public city school.
 The Visalia Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Visalia California.
 St. John's Church is an Episcopal church located at 2401 East Broad Street in Richmond Virginia. Formed from several earlier churches St. John's is the oldest church in the city of Richmond Virginia. It was built by William Randolph's son Colonel Richard Randolph in 1741 and giving its name to the Church Hill district.
 Katsushika Symphony Hills (かつしかシンフォニーヒルズ) also Katsushika Bunka Kaikan (葛飾区文化会館) is a cultural centre in Katsushika Tokyo Japan. The Mozart Hall seats 1318 and the Iris Hall has a capacity of 298. AXS Satow were the architects with acoustic design by Nagata Acoustics.
 Jelgava Palace (Latvian: Jelgavas pils) or Mitava Palace is the largest Baroque style palace in the Baltic states. It was built in the 18th century based on the design of Bartolomeo Rastrelli as a residence for the Dukes of Courland in their capital - Mitava (today Jelgava) Latvia. The Dukes of Courland also had a summer palace by Rastrelli nearby called Rundāle Palace.
 The Benson Tower is a residential high-rise building located in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It stands at a height of 250 feet (76 meters) and was completed in late 2007.It was named after the historic timber baron Simon Benson as the tower was built on the site of his original residence. The Benson Tower has 26 floors and features 58 single bedroom condominiums 92 two bedroom condominiums and 6 penthouses.
 Bowers-Livingston-Osborn House is located in Parsippany-Troy Hills Morris County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1768 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 19 1973.
 House at 200 Bay Avenue is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1890 and is a large rambling 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed residence with a shingled first floor and stucco and half-timbered second floor. It is representative of the Tudor Revival style. Also on the property is the building containing the original garage / servant's quarters.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 GAR Building is a historic fraternal building located at Lykens Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1850 and 1852 and is a two-story gray limestone building with a gable roof. It features an ornamental front entry. It originally housed a church. From 1867 to 1887 it was a private residence. It then housed an armory from 1888 to 1890 a fire company from 1890 to 1898 when it was purchased by the local chapter of the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR).
 Nathaniel Bishop Collins House is a historic home located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It is a two-story five-bay center hall Federal style house built of brick above a stone foundation. The house was built about 1830. Also on the property is a contributing mid-19th-century carriage barn a lean-to shed and an early 20th-century chicken house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Northside Village Historic District is a historic district on Stafford Street Northside and Cemetery Roads in Charlton Massachusetts. One of its more imprtant structures is the Rider Tavern a large c. 1797 building that was a major stop on the stagecoach route.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The House at 922 Dale Street is a historic First Period house in North Andover Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house five bays wide with a small side porch and a rear single story addition. The oldest part of the house is the right rear portion which is sestimated to have been built in the first quarter of the 18th century along with a central chimney. Sometime between 1740 and 1780 rooms were added to its left.
 Youghiogheny Bank of Pennsylvania also known as Old State Bank is a historic bank building located at Perryopolis Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in about 1817 and is a one-story square sandstone building. It measures 25 feet square and has a gable roof. A two-story rear stone addition was added in about 1935. It was built as a bank and in use as such until 1819.
 Cox House is a building in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is associated with the Harpeth Academy.It was built or has other significance in 1891 1972 and 1975. It was designed and/or built by Woods & Crabb. It includes Late Victorian architecture. The listing was for an area of 5.8 acres (2.3 ha) with just one contributing building.
 Trinity Cathedral is a historic church on Euclid Avenue at East 22nd Street in Cleveland Ohio. It is the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of Ohio.It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Jagger House is a historic home located at Westhampton in Suffolk County New York. The house has two main components: the original three-bay 1 1⁄2-story section with a gambrel roof built about 1748 and a large 19th-century addition with a gable roof. At the rear are two wooden shed additions.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Château de La Roche is a restored castle situated in the commune of Saint-Priest-la-Roche in the Loire département of France 20 km from Roanne. The castle stands on an island in the lake formed by the Villerest dam.
 Percy Grainger Home and Studio is a historic home located at White Plains Westchester County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a two-story three-bay-wide dwelling with a pyramidal hipped roof in the American Foursquare style. It features a full-width one-story porch supported by four Doric order columns. The main entrance is a Dutch door. It was the home of musician Percy Grainger from 1921 to his death in 1961.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 House of Prayer Episcopal Church and Rectory is a historic site at Broad and State Streets in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. It was built in prior to 1725 (c. 1710) and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.The rectory was the home of Hannibal Goodwin priest and inventor. Known as the Plume House the building is considered one of the most endangered landmarks in the state.
 The Jorge Eliecer Gaitan Museum is a museum in Bogota Colombia dedicated to the life of assassinated politician Jorge Eliecer Gaitan.
 The Edwin M. Stanton School is a historic school building in Jacksonville Florida located at 521 West Ashley Street. On September 29 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The modern successor of this school is Stanton College Preparatory School also in Jacksonville.
 One Times Square also known as 1475 Broadway the New York Times Building the New York Times Tower or simply as the Times Tower is a 25 story 395-foot (120-metre)-high skyscraper designed by Cyrus L. W. Eidlitz (HLW International) located at 42nd Street and Broadway in New York City.
 The Great Western Schoolhouse was built in 1870 along the then-developing National Road west of St. Clairsville Ohio. The schoolhouse is a traditional one room schoolhouse and was used until 1952. The building is currently used as a museum highlighting early education in southeastern Ohio and is open by appointment.
 The John Schricker House is located in the far West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985.
 The Pressey-Eustis House is a historic house at 14 Stevens Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame house was built in the early 1850s and is a fine local example of Gothic Victorian decoration. Its most distinctive features are the vergeboard featuring an unusual acorn pattern and the finials at the gable tops.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Ben and Harriet Schulein House also known as the Ben Schulein House is a two-story historic residence located at 2604 Jackson Street Sioux City Iowa in the United States. Designed in 1913 for a locally prominent Jewish businessman and his wife by William L.
 University Teaching Center is an academic building located on the University of Texas at Austin campus.
 US Post Office-Johnson City is a historic post office building located at Johnson City in Broome County New York. It was designed and built in 1934 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department Louis A. Simon. The interior features a mural by Frederic Charles Knight.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Pourasthya Suvishesha Samajam Marthamariam St. Marys Soonoro Theerthadana Kendram Meenangadi (EAE St. Mary's Soonoro Church) is a Jacobite Syrian Christian Church located at the heart of Wayanad district in Meenangadi and a destination for pilgrimages seeking the blessings of St. Mary. The Church is under EAE Archdiocese the first missionary association of Syriac Orthodox under direct control of Moran MorIgnatius Aphrem II Patriarch Of the Syriac Orthodox Church.
 Ekebyholm Castle is a castle in Sweden.
 Khooni Darwaza (Hindi:खूनी दरवाज़ा Urdu خونی دروازہliterally The Gate of Blood) also referred to as Lal Darwaza (Hindi:लाल दरवाज़ा Red Gate) is located near Delhi Gate on the Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg in Delhi India. It is one of the 13 surviving gates in Delhi. It was just south of the fortified Old Delhi constructed by Sher Shah Suri.
 This article is about the Parachute Jump amusement ride. For the activity of jumping from a great height and using a parachute to slow one's fall see Parachuting.The Parachute Jump is a defunct amusement ride in Coney Island Brooklyn New York whose iconic open-frame steel structure remains a Brooklyn landmark. 250 feet (76 m) tall and weighing 170 tons (150 tonnes) it has been called the Eiffel Tower of Brooklyn.
 The Town Center at Aurora (formerly known as Aurora Mall) is an enclosed two-level regional shopping center located in Aurora Colorado and covers a leasable area over 1 million square feet. It lies at the center of the commercial and retail district in the area adjacent to Aurora City Square Aurora City Place and Aurora Park Shopping Center a strip mall.
 Dolmabahçe Palace (Turkish: Dolmabahçe Sarayı IPA: [doɫmabahˈtʃe saɾaˈjɯ]) located in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul Turkey on the European coastline of the Bosphorus strait served as the main administrative center of the Ottoman Empire from 1856 to 1922 apart from a 22-year interval (1887–1909) in which Yıldız Palace was used.
 The Polish National Home is a historic social club at 136-144 Cabot Street in Chicopee Massachusetts. It was built in 1914 for $55000 to a design by architect George Dion. It functioned as a community center for the large Polish immigrant community providing a variety of community services (including English language lessons and citizenship classes) and served as transient housing for Polish migrants.
 One of the oldest residential buildings in Washington the Ferry House was built in 1860 by Winfield Scott Ebey as an Inn to provide financial stability for his brother’s children who were orphaned when Isacc Neff Ebey was brutally murdered and beheaded by Canadian natives. Once completed and opened for business the building was named The Ebey Inn.
 St. Adalbert Parish - dubbed the Cathedral of the West Side is Catholic parish in South Bend Indiana United States. Founded in 1910. It is one of the Roman Catholic parishes in the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend.
 William and Mordecai Evans House also known as the Evans Log & Stone House is a historic home located at Limerick Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. The original log house was built about 1720 with a stone addition built in 1763 and a frame addition in 1984. It is a 2 1/2-story four bay stuccoed stone and log dwelling with basement. Also on the property are a contributing bake oven and original well.
 Spanish Fort also known as Old Spanish Fort Fort St. Jean and Fort St. John is a historic place in New Orleans Louisiana formerly the site of a fort and later an amusement park.
 Hyderabad House is a restaurant chain offering Hyderabadi cuisine. The chain is based in Hyderabad and has over 23 outlets in various locations across South India.
 The Cathedral of St Patrick and St Joseph (usually known as St Patrick's Cathedral) is the Cathedral of the Catholic Bishop of Auckland. It is situated on the corner of Federal Street and Wyndham St in Central Auckland New Zealand.
 The Uxbridge Passenger Depot is an historic railroad station located at 28 South Main Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. On October 7 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hiroshima Castle (広島城 Hiroshima-jō) sometimes called Carp Castle (鯉城 Rijō) was a castle in Hiroshima Japan which was the home of the daimyō (feudal lord) of the Hiroshima han (fief). The castle was constructed in the 1590s but was destroyed by the atomic bombing on 6 August 1945. It was rebuilt in 1958 a replica of the original which now serves as a museum of Hiroshima's history prior to World War II.
 Tranøy Church (Norwegian: Tranøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county Norway. It is located on the island of Tranøya. The church is part of the Tranøy parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1775 on the site of a previous church that was torn down. The present building seats about 210 people.
 The Hurva Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת החורבה‎ translit: Beit ha-Knesset ha-Hurba lit. The Ruin Synagogue) also known as Hurvat Rabbi Yehudah he-Hasid (Ruin of Rabbi Judah the Pious) is a historic synagogue located in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.The synagogue was founded in the early 18th century by followers of Judah he-Hasid but it was destroyed by Muslims a few years later in 1721. The plot lay in ruins for over 140 years and became known as the Ruin or Hurva.
 St. Mary's Cathedral (Polish: Bazylika katedralna Wniebowzięcia Najświętszej Marii Panny w Gorzowie Wielkopolskim German: Mariä-Himmelfahrt-Dom in Landsberg) in Gorzów Wielkopolski is the seat of the Gorzów Catholic Diocese.
 Sloss Furnaces is a National Historic Landmark in Birmingham Alabama in the United States. It operated as a pig iron-producing blast furnace from 1882 to 1971. After closing it became one of the first industrial sites (and the only blast furnace) in the U.S. to be preserved for public use.
 Bridge in Portage Township is a historic stone arch bridge located at Portage Township in Cambria County Pennsylvania. It was built by the Allegheny Portage Railroad in 1832 and is an 18-foot-long (5.5 m) bridge with a semi-circular arch. It is built of coursed ashlar and crosses Bens Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Crawford-Dorsey House in Lovejoy Georgia was first begun by Wm. Crawford in circa 1820. The area was then Henry County. Then in the mid-1850s Mr. Stephen Dorsey bought the home. He then moved his home on log rollers to the site of the Crawford home and connected the two homes together to form one residence. In 1858 this part of Henry County became Clayton County. Mr. Dorsey also became a Judge for the county.
 The DC Towers (also known as Donau City Towers) will be a pair of towers in Vienna's Donaucity. DC Tower 1 is complete and the first tenants moved into the offices in October 2013. Construction of DC Tower 2 will start afterwards. French architect Dominique Perrault has designed both towers.
 The King Wah Centre (Chinese: 瓊華中心) situated around Shantung Street and Nathan Road is one of the most popular places in the Mong Kok area of Hong Kong China. The 16-storey building features seven restaurant floors three karaoke floors along with 136 stores selling a variety of fashionable products.
 The Old Lake Placid A. C. L. Railroad Depot (also known as Historical Society Museum) is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Lake Placid Florida United States. It is located at 19 Park Avenue West. The station was built in 1926 but only served passengers until the mid-1950s. Freight trains continued to use the line until the 1970s. On January 4 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Museu Picasso (Catalan pronunciation: [muˈzɛw piˈkasu] Picasso Museum) located in Barcelona Spain houses one of the most extensive collections of artworks by the 20th-century Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. With more than 3500 works by the painter the museum has the most complete collection of works. The museum is housed in five adjoining medieval palaces in Barcelona's La Ribera and is located on Montcada Street in the (Bank District) of Barcelona.
 Sto. Niño de Tondo Parochial Church is one of the most visited churches in the Philippines. It is located in Tondo Manila Philippines. The feast of Sto. Niño of Tondo is celebrated every third week of January. Many people come to participate in the fluvial procession because back then the terrain of Tondo consisted of waterways and tributaries which were connected to Manila Baya possible reason why the current church was made up of stone.
 Jack Nicklaus Golf Club Korea is the focal point of Songdo IBD's environmentally focused green space program. It will be an 18-hole championship golf course designed by Nicklaus Design.From the tournament tees the course will play to more than 7300 yards presenting a challenge to even the most talented golfers.
 The Thomas Ranck Round Barn is a round barn near the Fayette-Wayne County Indiana county line. It is one of many round barns built in Indiana during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Of the round barns built in eastern Indiana during this period the Ranck Round Barn stands out as one of the most elaborately designed structures. The Thomas Ranck Round Barn was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in January 1983.
 Manhattan Laundry is a complex of historic buildings located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Cornwall Iron Furnace is a designated National Historic Landmark that is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in Cornwall Lebanon County Pennsylvania in the United States. The furnace was a leading Pennsylvania iron producer from 1742 until it was shut down in 1883. The furnaces support buildings and surrounding community have been preserved as a historical site and museum providing a glimpse into Lebanon County's industrial past.
 Jupiter City Shopping Center is a large shopping center located in Pitesti city Arges county Romania. With a surface of 40000 square metres (430000 sq ft) (1st phase) additional 10000 square metres (110000 sq ft) (2nd phase) and 1800 parking spaces Jupiter City Shopping Center was the single largest retail park in Pitesti upon its opening in 2008.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church of Alliance Ohio is a historic church at 470 E. Broadway Street in Alliance Ohio.It was built in 1895 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Washoe Club is a three-story brick structure located in the Virginia City Historic District. The first story is currently occupied by commercial properties while the upper stories are unoccupied at this time. The building is an un-reinforced masonry building and as such has several deficiencies relative to its ability to resist seismic events. The building can be accessed through the main entrance on C Street. The Washoe Club was featured on Ghost Hunters in Season 4 Episode 408.
 The Judge J. C. Kerwin House at 516 E. Forest Ave. in Neenah Wisconsin United States was built in 1885. It is a Queen Anne house and was a work of Ernest F. Wieckert. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Kinross House is a late 17th-century country house overlooking Loch Leven near Kinross in Perth and Kinross Scotland. Construction of the house was begun in 1686 by the architect Sir William Bruce as his own home. It is regarded as one of his finest works and was called by Daniel Defoe the most beautiful and regular piece of Architecture in Scotland. The house which is undoubtedly the most important early classical mansion in Scotland retains most of its original internal decoration.
 Dorset County Hospital is an NHS district general hospital in the town of Dorchester Dorset England and is operated by Dorset County Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. The hospital is the hub of the district's inpatient facilities but community hospitals formerly owned by the North and South West Dorset Primary Care Groups are situated in the surrounding major towns and provide the 'spokes' to the central unit. Dorset County Hospital has 500 beds.
 Lowell Cemetery is a cemetery located in Lowell Massachusetts. Founded in 1841 [1] and located on the banks of the Concord River the cemetery is one of the oldest garden cemeteries in the nation inspired by Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge Massachusetts. Many of Lowell's wealthy industrialists are buried here under ornate Victorian tombstones.
 Camp Misty Mount is located in Catoctin Mountain Park near Thurmont Maryland. The camp was built by the Works Progress Administration labor program in the development of what was then known as the Catoctin Mountain Recreational Development Area and comprises 35 rustic log buildings including sleeping cabins administrative buildings and lodges. All were built between 1935 and 1938. The buildings are a simplified version of the National Park Service Rustic style.
 Cohoes Music Hall is located at 58 Remsen Street in Cohoes New York United States. It is a four-story brick building in the Second Empire architectural style. Built in 1874 it is considered the best example of that style in the city[citation needed] with an unusually decorative front facade.In 1971 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Jefferson Station formerly known as the Jefferson Substation is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Winefride’s is a Catholic church in Sandbach Cheshire England within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shrewsbury. The Church is a Member of Churches Together in Sandbach
 The Plaza formerly known as Evergreen Plaza is noted historically as the first modern America mall and set the standard for American mall development up until the 1980's. The Evergreen Plaza located in Evergreen Park Illinois (a close suburb of Chicago was planned in the 1920's legally organized by astute Arthur Rubloff who also built the Water Tower Shopping Plaza on the Chicago's famous Magnificent Mile.
 Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza (also known as Baldwin Hills Crenshaw or by its acronym BHCP) is a shopping mall (the first post-war retail complex in California) whose first two stores opened in October and November 1947. The original open-air complex known as the Broadway-Crenshaw Center was located in Los Angeles California. When it opened in 1947 the retail hub was anchored by a The Broadway department store a May Company department store Woolworth variety store and Von's supermarket.
 Nago-dera (那古寺) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Tateyama in southern Chiba Prefecture Japan. The temple is also called Nago-ji using the alternate pronunciation of the final Chinese character in its name or the Nago Kannon (古寺観音) after its primary object of worship.
 St. Paul's Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian congregation located in the community of Glace Bay Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Briarcliff Lodge was a luxury resort in the village of Briarcliff Manor New York. It was a notable example of Tudor Revival architecture. It was one of the largest wooden structures in the United States. When it opened in 1902 it was one of the largest resort hotels in the world. It has hosted presidents royalty and celebrities through the years. The hotel had been featured in numerous movies and books.
 St Nicholas' Church Littleborough is a redundant Anglican church in the hamlet of Littleborough Nottinghamshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 St. Peter and St. Paul's Church in Vilnius (Lithuanian: Šv. apaštalų Petro ir Povilo bažnyčia) is a Roman Catholic church located in the Antakalnis neighbourhood of the city. Its interior has masterful compositions of stucco mouldings by Giovanni Pietro Perti and ornamentation by Giovanni Maria Galli of Milan and is considered a Lithuanian Baroque masterpiece.
 Arabella-Hochhaus is a 23-storey 75 m (246 ft) skyscraper was designed by architect Toby Schmidbauer and constructed from 1966 to 1969 by Josef Schörghuber in Munich Germany. Until the 1990s the former Musicland Studios was located in its basement. The building is located at Arabellapark part of the Bogenhausen neighborhood in the East of Munich.
 La Degustation Bohême Bourgeoise is an upscale restaurant that offers European cuisine and traditional Czech cuisine on Haštalská Street in Prague. Forbes Life called it the first choice for its buckle-in three-hour seven-course tasting menus (plus a blizzard of Amuse-bouches). In 2009 it was selected the best restaurant in the Czech Republic and received the Grand Restaurant 2010 award presented annually by the Czech Association of Restaurateurs.
 Coltsville Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District in Hartford Connecticut. The district encompasses the factory worker housing and owner residences associated with Samuel Colt one of the nation's early innovators in precision manufacturing and the production of firearms. The district is a 2008 expansion of a National Historic Landmark designation of Colt's mansion Armsmear that was originally made in 1976.
 Sapphire Tower is the 17th tallest building in San Diego California and is a prominent fixture in San Diego's skyline. It has a height of 380 ft (116 m) and contains 97 units. Located at the southwest corner of Kettner Boulevard and A Street in the Core district of Downtown San Diego Sapphire Tower is a 32-story building that utilizes the late-modernist architectural style and was designed by the architect firm Austin Veum Robbins Parshalle.
 St. Vitus Cathedral (Czech: Katedrála svatého Víta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Prague and the seat of the Archbishop of Prague. The full name of the cathedral is St. Vitus St. Wenceslas and St. Adalbert Cathedral.This cathedral is an excellent example of Gothic architecture and is the biggest and most important church in the country.
 The Chambers Road Covered Bridge near Olive Green Ohio was built in 1874 by Everett S. Sherman. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is an extremely rare surviving example of a Childs Truss bridge.
 The Legislative Building of Nunavut was built between 1998 and 1999 and became the home of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in 1999. It is located in Iqaluit Nunavut.The building was built by Arcop Group Full Circle Architecture and Engineers AD Williams for the Nunavut Construction Corporation.
 The George Clayson House located at 224 East Palatine Road in Palatine Illinois is a Second Empire home built in 1873 that has been restored to its 1890-1900 appearance.
 Meylandt Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Meylandt) is a country house on the site of an earlier castle in Heusden in the municipality of Heusden-Zolder province of Limburg Belgium.Although the site has been in use since the 1380s at the latest the present building was constructed in 1907 replacing an earlier house of 1842.
 Thomas Barron House is a historic home located at Seneca in Ontario County New York. It was constructed in 1848 and is a distinct example of vernacular Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. The house consists of a 2-story main block flanked by 1 1⁄2-story wings. The exterior walls are built of oval-shaped red sandstone lake-washed cobbles.
 Arno's Court Triumphal Arch (grid reference ST611717) is in Junction Rd Brislington Bristol England.
 The Gardens at Market Square also known as The Gardens is a planned Millcraft Investments skyscraper currently under construction in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The $104 million LEED Silver tower is planned to be 18 floors between the Market Square and Point Park University sections of Downtown Pittsburgh and include a 198 room Hilton Garden Inn hotel and a 340-car parking complex. Completion of the tower is scheduled for late 2015.
 The Don Francisco Galindo House known locally as the Galindo House and Gardens is a 19th-century house in Concord California built in 1856 by Francisco Galindo and his wife Maria Dolores Manuela (Pacheco) Galindo daughter of Salvio Pacheco who was the grantee of Rancho Monte del Diablo.The house is one of the few remaining Victorian ranch houses in Contra Costa County. In 1875 it underwent significant remodeling resulting in an enlarged basement first floor and second floor.
 The Church of Our Saviour is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal Church located on Eastport Street between Main and Fulton streets in Iuka Mississippi Designed by architect James B. Cook it was built in 1873. Its board and batten siding steep roofs and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches.
 1000 Broadway is a 24 story office building in Portland Oregon. The distinguishing feature of the building is a series of rings that form a dome over the center portion of its roof. Because of this the building is nicknamed The Ban Roll-on Building and R2 D2.The architectural firm of Broome Oringdulph Randolph and Associates (BOORA) designed the building. It was also Portland developer Tom Moyer's first major project he has also renovated the former Cornelius Hotel.
 Robert Smalls House was a post-American Civil War home of Robert Smalls in Beaufort South Carolina. An African-American slave Smalls became a Union hero when he commandeered a Confederate ship out to Union blockaders. He went on to lead in combat and became a U.S. Congressman during the Reconstruction.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 Belmont Manor House formally known as Belmont Plantation is a two-story five-part Federal mansion in Loudoun County Virginia built between the years of 1799-1802 by Ludwell Lee (1760–1836) son of Richard Henry Lee. The land surrounding the mansion the Belmont property was handed down to his first wife (also his first cousin) Flora Lee from their grandfather Thomas Lee.
 Olney High School is a historic High school building located in the Olney neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1929-1930. It is a four-story brick building on a granite base with a five-story tower in the Late Gothic Revival-style. It features Gothic arched openings and limestone details.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Usui Pass Railway Heritage Park (碓氷峠鉄道文化むら Usui-tōge Tetsudō Bunkamura) is an open-air railway museum located in Annaka Gunma Japan. It is operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and was opened on 18 April 1998 on the site of the former Yokokawa motive power depot alongside the Shin'etsu Main Line which closed in October 1997.
 Dickey's Barbecue Pit was founded by Travis Dickey with the goal of authentic slow smoked barbecue. More than 70 years later the Dallas-based family run barbecue franchise still offers a selection of pit smoked meats home style sides barbecue sauce and free kids meals every Sunday. All meats are slow smoked on site in each restaurant. The fast-casual family-friendly concept has expanded to over 400 locations in 43 states and holds the title of the world’s largest barbecue franchise.
 The buildings at 375-379 Flatbush Avenue and 185-187 Sterling Place are a historic group of four commercial and residential buildings located in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. They were built in 1885 and are in the Neo-Grec style with Second Empire elements. The 377-379 Flatbush Avenue building is a 3.5-story masonry structure with a commercial ground floor apartments above and a distinctive corner tower with pyramidal roof. It features a mansard roof.
 Castle Kyalami (also referred to as Kyalami Castle) is a castle located in Kyalami in the province of Gauteng north of Johannesburg South Africa. Formerly a tourist attraction and hotel the castle was purchased by the Church of Scientology in March 2008.
 The Museu de Belles Arts de València (Valencian pronunciation: [muˈzɛw ðe ˈβeʎez ˈaɾdz de vaˈlensia]; Spanish: Museo de Bellas Artes de Valencia; English: Museum of Fine Arts of Valencia) is an art gallery in Valencia Spain founded in 1913. It houses some 2000 works most dating from the 14th-17th centuries including a Self portrait of Diego Velázquez a St. John the Baptist by El Greco Goya's Playing Children Gonzalo Pérez's Altarpiece of Sts.
 The Jay Van Hook Potato Cellar is a building located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Franklin Hose Company No. 28 also known as Harmony Engine Company No. 6 is a historic fire station located in the Southwest Center City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was originally built about 1849 and considerably altered with a new front in 1868-1869. It is a four-story three bay wide building measuring 34 feet by 60 feet. It is constructed of brick with an ashlar granite faced first story and a mansard roof.
 Herbert and Katherine Jacobs Second House is a home designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in 1944 in Madison Wisconsin. It was called the Solar Hemicycle. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2003.The house was designed for journalist Herbert Jacobs.
 Wentworth-Gardner and Tobias Lear Houses is a site or historic district in Portsmouth New Hampshire that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The Wentworth-Gardner House is separately listed and is also a National Historic Landmark.
 The Palm Beach Hotel built in 1925 to replace an earlier building of the same name is an historic four-story hotel located at 235-251 Sunrise Avenue in Palm Beach Florida. Designed by architect Mortimer Dickerson Metcalfe in the Mediterranean Revival style it was built by Thomas R. Clarke.
 The W. A. Mason House is an historic house at 87 Raymond Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1846 and extended to the rear in 1867 giving it a T shape. Its massing is Italianate but its corner pilasters give it a Greek Revival character. W. A. Mason for whom it was built was a city surveyor who was responsible for surveying and platting a significant amount of the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Whitby Falls Hospital is a former hospital for the mentally ill located in Mundijong Western Australia. Until its closure in 2006 it was the longest operating facility in Western Australia for the care and treatment of mental illness.
 St Wilfrid's Church Harrogate is an Anglican parish church in the town of Harrogate North Yorkshire England. It is a Grade 1 listed building the only such building in Harrogate. It was designed by the architect Temple Lushington Moore and is his most famous work.
 Le Louis XV is a French restaurant in Monte Carlo Monaco. Run by chef Alain Ducasse it holds three Michelin stars. It has been featured in lists of the world's top restaurants.
 Michie Tavern located in Albemarle County Virginia is a Virginia Historic Landmark that was established in 1784 by Scotsman William Michie though in Earlysville. The Tavern served as the social center of its community and provided travelers with food drink and lodging. It remained in operation in the Michie family until 1910 when it came to be owned by the Commonwealth of Virginia.
 St. John's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church located at 628 Main Street in Stamford Connecticut.
 The Shwe Zedi Kyaung monastery (Burmese: ရွှေစေတီကျောင်း [ʃwè zèdì tɕáʊɴ]; lit. Golden Pagoda monastery) is a famous Theravada Buddhist monastery in Sittwe Rakhine State Myanmar. Founded in 1903 the monastery is one of the main Buddhist monasteries in the city.
 The Torres de Santa Cruz is a residential complex composed of the twin towers located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands Spain). They were designed by Canarian architect Julian Valladares and were built in the period 2004-2006. The towers are 120 m tall without the antenna becoming the tallest skyscraper in the Canary Islands and the tallest residential building in Spain until 2010 (currently occupy third place in the latter category).
 The Cathedral Church of St John the Baptist is the Roman Catholic cathedral of the city of Norwich Norfolk England.
 Omonia Square (Greek: Πλατεία Ομονοίας Plateía Omonoías pronounced [plaˈtia omoˈnias] Concord Square often simply referred to as Omónia [oˈmonia]) is a central square in Athens. It marks the northern corner of the downtown area defined by the city plans of the 19th century and is one of the city's principal traffic hubs. It is served by Omonia train station.
 Pickford's House Museum of Georgian Life and Costume is in Derby England
 The Connecticut State Museum of Natural History is located in Storrs Connecticut and is part of the University of Connecticut.The small museum contains a variety of scientific and archaeological collections about the cultural history of southern New England.
 Library Hall in Carpentersville Illinois also known as Administration Building Dundee Township Park District is a Romanesque architecture style building built during 1895-1897. It was built as a memorial to Julius Angelo Carpenter donor of the Union Congregational Church and Parsonage in Carpenterville. It was individually listed on the National Register of Historical Places in 1973. Also it is included in Dundee Township Historic District.
 The Thomas Crane Public Library is a city library in Quincy Massachusetts. It is noted for its architecture. It was funded by the Crane family as a memorial to Thomas Crane a wealthy stone contractor who got his start in the Quincy quarries. The Thomas Crane Library has the second largest municipal collection in Massachusetts after the Boston Public Library.
 Coal River Locks Dams and Log Booms Archeological District is a national historic district and historic archaeological site located on the Coal River in Boone Lincoln and Kanawha County West Virginia. It consists of an underwater resource depicting the navigation and transportation system used on the Coal River during the late-19th and early-20th century. It includes remains of timber cribs locks and dams and a lock master house.
 The Bradford-Huntington House is a home built during 1691-1719 in the Norwichtown section of Norwich Connecticut. Its 3-acre (1.2 ha) property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970 and it is also a contributing property in the Norwichtown Historic District (which was listed on the National Register in 1973).The house is a timber house on a stone foundation with a large brick fireplace and chimney in the middle of each of two gambrel-roofed wings.
 The Beacon – Arnaiz Tower is a residential condominium skyscraper under construction in Makati City Philippines. It is the second of three towers and part of The Beacon complex. The Beacon is being developed by Geo Estate Estate Development Corporation in cooperation with New Pacific Resources Management Inc. Groundbreaking for the project was on January 28 2008 while actual construction works for Arnaiz Tower started on May 14 2008.
 Sidmouth Priory was a priory in Devon England.
 The Tooele County Courthouse and City Hall located at 71 E. Vine St. in Tooele Utah was built in 1867. It includes Greek Revival-inspired architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It is significant as the earliest (as known in 1983) and only surviving temple-form city hall in the state of Utah.
 Isaac M. Haswell House is a historic home located at Colonie in Albany County New York. It was built in 1880 and is a two story farmhouse in the Italianate style. It features a one story porch with ornate brackets finials and carved rope decorations.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Marshall House was a hotel that stood on the corner of King Street and South Pitt Street in Alexandria Virginia. At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861 it was the site of the killing of Col. Elmer E. Ellsworth during the Union army takeover of Alexandria. Ellsworth was a popular and highly prominent officer and a close friend of Abraham Lincoln.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at 315 S. Main Street in Marion North Carolina.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 Capt. Josiah Pratt House is a historic house at 141 East Street in Foxboro Massachusetts.The house was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 First Congregational Church is a historic church at the corner of Wade and C Streets in Mount Pleasant North Carolina.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 The Alexander Library Building in the Cultural Centre of Perth Western Australia houses the State Library of Western Australia J S Battye Library State Records Office in the Perth Cultural Precinct in Northbridge in Perth Western Australia. The building falls under the responsibility of the Western Australian government Department of Culture and Arts.
 William C. Lovering Colony State Hospital was a former state hospital located in Taunton Massachusetts. It acted as a female sub-hospital of Taunton State Hospital. It is named after former United States Congressman William C. Lovering.
 The Sacramento City Library is part of the Central branch of the Sacramento Public Library system and faces I Street in Sacramento California.
 Berestye Archeological Museum is unique in Europe because its visitors can view an archaeological site displaying an authentic East Slavic wooden town dating back to the 13th century. The 1800 sq.m site was excavated by archeologists of the Belarusian Academy of Sciences in 1968 – 1981 in Brest Belarus. The project was supervised by Dr. P.F.Lysenko. In 1982 a modern structure of concrete glass and aluminum in the shape of a huge pitched roof was erected over the archeological site.
 The Chick House is a former hotel building constructed in 1857 in the city of Rockford Illinois United States. The building's construction was financed by three Rockford citizens and it operated as a hotel from its opening until 1951. The hotel was purchased by Thomas Chick in 1888 and he renamed it from the Griggs House to the Chick House. In 2004 the city of Rockford purchased two-thirds of the building and made some modifications to the structure.
 Osgoode Hall is a landmark building in downtown Toronto constructed between 1829 and 1832 in the late Georgian Palladian and Neoclassical styles. It houses the Ontario Court of Appeal the Divisional Court of the Superior Court of Justice and the Law Society of Upper Canada.
 Unique Acropolis is expected to be one of the tallest skyscrapers in Bangladesh and the second-tallest building in Dhaka. It is located on Gulshan Avenue in the commercial centre of Dhaka. It is planned to be completed by 2015.
 Holy Rosary Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Guelph. It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1956 as was originally part of the parish of Church of Our Lady Immaculate Guelph.
 United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Morristown in St. Lawrence County New York. The church was built about 1838 and is a rectangular 1 1⁄2-story frame structure with a gable roof. The interior features pressed tin walls and ceiling.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.The church will close permanently on August 18 2013.
 Sutton-Chapman-Howland House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The frame house was constructed in the 1830s in the Federal style. It consists of a two story front gabled main block a side gabled one story wing and a gabled woodshed wing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Church of St Andrew in Clevedon Somerset England was built in the 12th century on a hill overlooking the Bristol Channel and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The church was built on Anglo-Saxon foundations.It is the burial place of Arthur Hallam subject of the poem In Memoriam A.H.H. by his friend Alfred Lord Tennyson.The exterior of the church includes a carving which may be a Sheela na gig.The Anglican parish of Clevedon is part of the Portishead deanery.
 Lackawanna County Courthouse and John Mitchell Monument is a historic courthouse building located at Scranton Lackawanna County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built in 1884 and is a 3 1/2-story rectangular masonry building with a raised basement in the Romanesque Revival-style. It was enlarged in 1896 with the addition of a third story and reconstruction of the roof to add a number of eclectic design elements.
 South Wishaw Parish Church is a Parish church of the Church of Scotland serving the Southern area of Wishaw North Lanarkshire (stretching from the Main Street down to the banks of the River Clyde - including Pather Netherton and the Southern part of the town centre). It is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Hamilton.
 The Voorhees College Historic District is a historic district encompassing the campus of Voorhees College in Denmark South Carolina. Thirteen of the nineteen buildings are contributing properties. Voorhees College was started by Elizabeth Evelyn Wright as the Denmark Industrial School modeled on the Tuskegee Institute which Wright had attended. She kept close ties with her mentor Booker T. Washington.
 All Saints Episcopal Church (or All Saints) is a church of the Episcopal Church of the United States at 4550 North Hermitage Avenue in the Ravenswood neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. Built in 1883 the structure was declared a Chicago Landmark in 1982. All Saints is currently an active church and is most well known for its community outreach programs that include a food pantry and events that attract all members of its neighborhood.
 The Museum of the Imperial Collections Sannomaru-Shōzōkan (三の丸尚蔵館) known in Japanese as the Sannomaru Shozokan is located on the grounds of the East Garden of Tokyo Imperial Palace. It showscases a changing exhibition of a part of the imperial household treasures. Entrance is free.
 St Ann's Church Warrington is a redundant Anglican church in Warrington Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. The church was closed for worship in November 1995 and since 1996 has been used as an indoor climbing centre. From the mid-1960s to the mid-1980s the church was heated by steam from the then adjacent Tetley Walker's brewery. A new church also dedicated to St Ann was built on a different site half a mile away in 2000.
 The Sargent County Courthouse in Forman North Dakota was built in 1910. The courthouse of Sargent County it was designed by architects Buechner & Orth in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.It has been described as an economy version of the Foster County Courthouse and Pierce County Courthouses (other North Dakota courthouses designed by Buechner & Orth).
 The Administrative Palace (Romanian: Palatul administrativ) in a building in Satu Mare Romania. At 97 metres it is the highest building in Transylvania and the fourth highest in the country. It is an example of brutalist style architecture.
 First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 901 5th Avenue in Columbus Georgia.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1980.It is featured on the Black Heritage Trail.
 The Ullens Center for Contemporary Art (UCCA) is a comprehensive not-for-profit art center serving a global Beijing public. As a platform for contemporary art linking China and the world UCCA offers exhibitions and public programs which focus attention on the cultural situation in China stimulate the development of the arts and advance the public cultural sensibility.
 Khan al-Tujjar are the ruins of a caravanserai in the Lower Galilee Israel opposite the entrance to Beit Keshet.
 Fort Warren is a historic fort on the 28-acre (110000 m2) Georges Island at the entrance to Boston Harbor. The fort is pentagonal star fort made with stone and granite and was constructed from 1833–1861 completed shortly after the beginning of the American Civil War. Fort Warren defended the harbor in Boston Massachusetts from 1861through the end of WWII and during the Civil War served as a prison for Confederate officers and government officials.
 White Furniture Company was a major American producer of hand crafted fine furniture for over a century (1881–1993). Founded by the White Brothers of Mebane North Carolina the factory notably produced furnishings for the US Government and The Grove Park Inn.
 CPDRC directs here. This is an article about the Cebu prison facility in the Philippines. For the CPDRC rehabilitation dancing program see CPDRC Dancing InmatesCebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC) is a prison in Cebu in Cebu Province Philippines. It is a maximum security prison facility with a capacity for 1600 inmates.The prison became well known for its rehabilitation program in 2005-2010 based on a program of choreographed exercise routines for the inmates.
 The St. Paul Episcopal Cathedral (1852) was located on the southeast corner of Seventh and Plum Streets in Cincinnati Ohio. The church was across from the Saint Peter In Chains Cathedral and next to the Plum Street Temple. The original St. Paul's Episcopal Church was located at 111 East Fourth Street. The congregation was formed in 1828 by the Rev. Samuel Johnson pastor of Christ Church. He had been unable to collect two years of back pay.
 The Vancouver Telephone Building is a building located in Vancouver Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Sande Church (Norwegian: Sande kyrkje) is a parish church in Gaular Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Sande. The church is part of the Viksdalen parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1864 using architectural drawings by Hans Linstow and it was significantly rebuilt in the 1940s using drawings by Johan Lindstrøm.
 The Rembrandt House Museum is a house in the Jodenbreestraat in Amsterdam not far from the new townhall where Rembrandt lived and painted for a number of years.A few years ago the house was thoroughly reconstructed on the inside to show how the house would have looked in Rembrandt's days.
 Swayambhunath (Devanagari: स्वयम्भूनाथ स्तुप; sometimes romanized Swoyambhunath) is an ancient religious complex atop a hill in the Kathmandu Valley west of Kathmandu city. It is also known as the Monkey Temple as there are holy monkeys living in the north-west parts of the temple. The Tibetan name for the site means 'Sublime Trees' (Wylie:Phags.pa Shing.kun) for the many varieties of trees found on the hill.
 The Winter Saloon also known as Harm's Bar is a historic structure in Norwood Young America Minnesota. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 4 1980.
 The Martin W. Carr School is a historic school building located at 25 Atherton Street in the Spring Hill area of Somerville Massachusetts. It has been converted to condominiums.The Martin S. Carr School was built in 1898 as an elementary school with fourteen classrooms. The school was named in honor of Martin S. Carr a successful Somerville manufacturer who was active in city government serving over the years as Alderman]] City Councilor and member of the School Committee.
 Outrigger Pandanas is the second-tallest building in Darwin. It is at 43 Knuckey Street in the eastern side of the Darwin central business district. Built from 2006 to 2007 with the Pandanas Office Suite being completed by 2009 its roof is 91m above ground. It comprises 29 levels of mixed use for residential and commercial.The building is currently managed by the Saville Hotel Group which manages more than 150 resorts hotels and apartments across Australia and New Zealand.
 The William F. Jahn Farmstead is located in Mequon Wisconsin United States. Jahn was a German immigrant who became a prominent local politician. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Harris Dining Hall – also known simply as Harris Hall- was named after Andrew Lintner Harris and is one of the many dining facilities located on the campus at Miami University in Oxford Ohio. Since 1961 it has been the main all-you-can-eat dining hall for undergraduate students who live on the southern side of the campus. There is a wide variety of food within the dining hall to choose from including Mexican cuisine and grilled food.
 The Mennello Museum of American Art is an art museum locacted in the Howard Phillips' house in the Loch Haven Park next to Lake Formosa in Orlando Florida. The museum displays paintings and sculptures and contains at its core a permanent collection of paintings by Earl Cunningham (1893–1977). The Cunningham collection was donated by Marilyn and Michael Mennello of Winter Park Florida.
 The Bellarose Village Municipal Complex is located at 50 Superior Road and Magee Plaza in Bellerose New York. Designed by architect Anthony Waldeier in a combined Tudor Revival/Colonial Revival style it has also served at the Bellerose Women's Club Building Fire Hall and Police Booth. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 28 2006.
 Mercy Chapel at Mill Run is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style church located at Selbysport Garrett County Maryland. It is a one story one room frame structure built on an octagonal plan above a coursed stone foundation. The interior of the chapel is a fine example of local craftsmanship and is virtually unchanged since the 1870s. Two small graveyard plots lie adjacent to the chapel.
 The Old Beta Theta Pi Fraternity House is a historic building in Eugene Oregon United States. It is an American Foursquare in the American Craftsman (or American Craftsman Bungalow) style showing considerable Prairie School influence. It was built in 1906-1907 by John B. Kronebusch for between six and seven thousand dollars. Kronebusch leased it to the Beta Theta Pi fraternity for 15 years.
 The Tefft-Steadman House in Marcellus New York is a Greek Revival-style house that was designed by major architect Minard Lafever. (Or is it just from one of his pattern books?)It was built in 1835 apparently faithfully implementing a design from architect Minard Lafever's pattern-book and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.The house is now operated as a local history museum by the Marcellus Historical Society.
 Whitefriars also known as White Friers or The College of Carmelites Gloucester England was a Carmelite friary of which nothing now survives.The Friary was outside the north gate of the city and was founded around 1268 or 1269 probably by Queen Eleanor Sir Thomas Gifford (or Giffard) and Sir Thomas Berkeley.
 Castle Drogo is a country house near Drewsteignton Devon England. It was built from 1911 and was finished in 1930 for Julius Drewe (businessman and founder of the Home and Colonial Stores) to designs by architect Edwin Lutyens and is a Grade I listed building. It is currently undergoing a 5 year conservation project to finally make it watertight. Castle Drogo was the last castle to be built in England and probably the last private house in the country to be built entirely of granite.
 The U.S. Customs House (Spanish: Aduana de Ponce) located at Bonaire and Aduana streets in barrio La Playa Ponce Puerto Rico is the oldest customs house in Puerto Rico and the only one of its type under the U.S. flag. As of February 10 1988 the building was owned by the U.S. Customs Service Washington D.C. The building is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as U.S. Custom House. It was listed on February 10 1988.
 The Orange County Regional History Center is a private non-profit history museum located in downtown Orlando Florida United States. Located in the historic Orange County Courthouse the five-story museum consists of exhibits presenting local and regional history starting from 12000 years ago. The museum also serves as the headquarters for the Historical Society of Central Florida.
 Pond Road Chapel is a historic chapel on Pond Road Town Hwy. #2 in Vernon Vermont.It was built in 1860 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 Virginia City Historic District is a National Historic Landmark encompassing the former mining villages of Virginia City and Gold Hill both in Storey County as well as Dayton and Silver City both to the south in adjacent Lyon County Nevada United States. Declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961 it is one of only six in the state of Nevada.Virginia City was the prototype for future frontier mining boom towns with its industrialization and urbanization.
 Paine Estate is a historic estate at 325 Heath Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Peryn Chapel or the Church of the Nativity of the Theotokos on Peryn(Russian: Церковь Рождества Богородицы на Перыни Tserkov Rozhdestva Bogoroditsy na Peryni) in the environs of Veliky Novgorod is one of the city's oldest churches dating from the 1220s. The church is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Veliky Novgorod by the source of the Volkhov River where it flows out of Lake Ilmen.
 The Salisbury Mansion and Store is a historic house museum at 40 Highland Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The house was built in 1772 by Stephen Salisbury with an attached storehouse from which he sold imported goods. In 1820 the store was closed down and the space was converted for residential use by the family which occupied it until 1851.
 First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1939 is an historic redbrick Colonial Revival style Christian Science church located at 1100 Washington Road in Mt. Lebanon Pennsylvania. Its entrance portico is supported by 6 Corinthian columns on the front and 4 on the rear. The steeple is centered behind the portico. Its auditorium has 18-foot (5.5 m) high plain glass arched windows on either side.
 Yokosuka Castle (横須賀城 Yokosuka-jō) was a Japanese castle in Tōtōmi Province (present day Shizuoka Prefecture) Japan from the late Muromachi period to the Meiji Restoration. It was the capital of Yokosuka Domain during the Tokugawa shogunate of the Edo period.
 The Museum of European and Mediterranean Civilisations (MuCEM) (French: Musée des Civilisations de l'Europe et de la Méditerranée) is a national museum located in Marseille in the South of France. It was inaugurated on the 7th of June 2013 as part of the special year designating Marseille as the European Capital of Culture.
 Lakeview Guest House is an official residence of the Andhra Pradesh Government. It was built during the time of the Last Nizam. It is located on Raj Bhavan Road.
 Sunshine 60 (サンシャイン60 Sanshain rokujū) is a 60-story mixed-use skyscraper located in Ikebukuro Toshima Tokyo adjoining the Sunshine City complex. At the time of its completion in 1978 the 239.7 m (786 ft) building was the tallest in Asia a title it held until 1985 when it was surpassed by the 63 Building in Seoul. Sunshine 60 was also the tallest building in Tokyo and Japan until the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building was completed in 1991.
 Carnegie Endowment for International Peace (former headquarters) located in Washington D.C. also known as Peter Parker House is a site significant for its association with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. The organization was established by Andrew Carnegie.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974.
 Holy Trinity Church Little Ouseburn stands to the northeast of the village of Little Ouseburn North Yorkshire England. It is an Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ripon the archdeaconry of Richmond and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with those of five local churches. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 Joseph Cooper House is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1695 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 14 1973. A fire about 2005 destroyed the roof.The Cooper family were involved in operating ferries along the Delaware River including from slip nearby.
 The First Baptist Church (also known as the Brick-A-Day Church) on North Ripley Street in Montgomery Alabama is a historic landmark. Founded in downtown Montgomery in 1867 as one of the first black churches in the area it provided an alternative to the second-class treatment and discrimination African-Americans faced at the other First Baptist Church in the city.
 Ingleside also known as Ingleside Place is a historic home located near Ridgeway Henry County Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story three bay frame dwelling with a hipped roof in the Late Gothic Revival style It sits on a stone foundation and has a center-passage-plan interior. The house features a one bay front porch which probably dates to the 1920s or 1930s with smooth Doric order columns paired at the two front corners and half-round Doric pilasters.
 New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad Right-of-Way is a railroad right of way connecting Frenchtown Cecil County Maryland and Porter New Castle County Delaware. The New Castle and Frenchtown Railroad originally crossed the Delmarva Peninsula from a wharf in New Castle to a wharf at Frenchtown on the Elk River in Maryland.
 The Amalgamated Center otherwise known as the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Office Building was built by the Bethany Brotherhood which was funded by John Wanamaker in 1900 in Philadelphia. The building was added to in 1912 and served as a working class social club and community center. In 1934 the building was sold to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America labor union which expanded the building in 1937 and 1967.
 Bridge Mill Power Plant is an historic hydroelectric plant at 25 Roosevelt Avenue in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The plant was built in 1893 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Egerton Grey Country House Hotel is an AA four star listed hotel located near the Bristol Channel in Porthkerry Park Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. It is located near the viaduct and Cardiff International Airport hidden away from the main park area. The house was originally built in the 17th century and functioned a rectory for some time.
 The New Museum of Contemporary Art founded in 1977 by Marcia Tucker is a museum in New York City the only museum worldwide that is exclusively devoted to presenting contemporary art from around the world.
 The W.J. Buck Polygonal Barn is an historical structure located near Diagonal in rural Ringgold County Iowa United States. It was built in 1907 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building measures 65 feet (19.8 m) around.
 Eastern Female High School also known as Public School No. 116 is a historic female high school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was built in 1869-1870 and is typical of the Italian Villa mode of late 19th-century architecture. It is a two-story brick structure that features a square plan towers and bracketing. Eastern Female High School was founded in 1844 and was one of the pioneer high schools in the country devoted to secondary education for women.
 The First Baptist Church of Fairport is a church built in 1872 at 94 South Main Street at Church Street in Fairport New York. In 2006 a national drugstore tried to buy the land but in response to adverse local reactions money was raised to help rebuild the church instead.
 The Richard Nichols House is a historic late First Period house at 483 Franklin Street in Reading Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this house probably a three bay section with what is now the central chimney was built c. 1733 and expanded to five and then six bays later in the 18th century. The house remained in the Nichols family until the late 19th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Hôtel de Ville (French pronunciation: ​[otɛl də vil] City Hall) in Paris France is the building housing the city's local administration. Standing on the place de l'Hôtel-de-Ville (formerly place de Grève) in the city's IVe arrondissement it has been the location of the municipality of Paris since 1357. It serves multiple functions housing the local administration the Mayor of Paris (since 1977) and also serves as a venue for large receptions.
 Menor's Ferry was a river ferry that crossed the Snake River near the present-day Moose Wyoming USA. The site was homesteaded by Bill Menor in 1892-94 choosing a location where the river flowed in a single channel rather than the braided stream that characterizes its course in most of Jackson Hole. During the 1890s it was the only homestead west of the river.
 Wrocław Puppet Theater (also Teatr Lalek) is located at the Theater Square in the old building of merchants association next to the Old Town Garden and public baths.
 The Horatio P. Van Cleve House is a house in the Marcy-Holmes neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota United States. The house contains elements of the Greek Revival and Italianate styles. It was originally built for William Kimball a furniture manufacturer; the Van Cleves were the second owners. Horatio P.
 The Voorlezer's House is a historic clapboard frame house in Historic Richmond Town in Staten Island New York. It was acquired by the museum in 1939 and then restored to its original period of 1696-1701. It was first opened to the public on April 14 1942 and then again after its second restoration on June 27 1985.
 The Four Seasons Hotel Toronto is a luxury hotel and condominium complex located in the Yorkville district in Toronto Ontario Canada which opened on October 5 2012. Located at 60 Yorkville Avenue at its intersection with Bay Street the complex is one block east of the previous Four Seasons Hotel Toronto at 21 Avenue Road. The 55-floor complex contains 259 hotel rooms and 210 private condo suites.
 Zuni Cafe is a restaurant in San Francisco California. Named after the Zuni tribe it was established in 1979 by Billy West and with chef Judy Rodgers (formerly of Chez Panisse). It is located on Market Street in San Francisco. Rogers was with Zuni as chef and co-owner since it was founded in 1987. Gilbert Pilgram joined Zuni Café as a co-owner in 2006. Rodgers died on December 2 2013.
 The Federal Correctional Complex Oakdale (FCC Oakdale) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Louisiana. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice and consists of two main facilities: The Federal Correctional Institution Oakdale (FCI Oakdale): houses low-security male inmates. The Federal Detention Center Oakdale (FDC Oakdale): an administrative facility housing male pre-trial and holdover inmates.
 Security Trust and Savings also known as Security Pacific Bank is a highrise office building in Hollywood California and built in 1921. The building was designed by the father and son design team of John and Donald Parkinson who also designed some of the city's major landmarks including Los Angeles City Hall and Bullocks Wilshire. In 1983 the Security Trust and Savings building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The University of Utah Hospital is a research and teaching hospital on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City Utah. It serves as a major regional referral center for Utah and the surrounding states of Idaho Nevada Wyoming Montana and New Mexico. University of Utah Health Care is praised for the following specialties: cardiology geriatrics gynecology pediatrics rheumatology pulmonology neurology oncology orthopedics and ophthalmology.
 Sainte-Famille Church (Holy Family Church) is a Catholic church in Kiyovu downtown Kigali in Rwanda. It is located on a hill close to the commercial district of Ruhenge. Sainte-Famille Church was the scene of killings during the genocide in April 1994.
 The Dos Lomitas Ranch also known as the Rattlesnake Ranch Blankenship Well and the Gray Ranch was the first of fifteen ranches and line camps in the Gray family cattle business in the Sonoran Desert country north of the US-Mexico border in Arizona. The ranch is now part of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.
 La Noisette is a presently closed restaurant site located at 164 Sloane Street in London England.
 The Academie Brochu is a historic school at 29 Pine Street in Southbridge Massachusetts. The academy was constructed in 1899 by Chickering & O'Connell in a Colonial Revival style to serve the growing French Canadian population of Southbridge. It was named for Msgr. George Elzear Brochu pastor of the Notre Dame Church who gave personal funds to the effort. The academy served as the parish school for Notre Dame Parish.
 The George N. Parks Minuteman Marching Band Building is the home of the University of Massachusetts Minuteman Marching Band. It is connected to the Grinnell Arena and provides a home for the 350(+) student band. It is named after the late director George N. Parks.
 The Kaunghmudaw Pagoda (Burmese: ကောင်းမှုတော် ဘုရား [káʊɴ m̥ṵ dɔ́ pʰəjá]; Yaza Mani Sula Kaunghmudaw (ရာဇမဏိစူဠာ ကောင်းမှုတော်); also spelled Kaung-hmu-daw) is a large pagoda on the northwestern outskirts of Sagaing in central Myanmar (Burma). Modeled after the Ruwanwelisaya pagoda of Sri Lanka the Kaunghmudaw is known for its egg-shaped design which stands out among more traditional-style pyramid-shaped Burmese pagodas.
 This 1889 rural schoolhouse was built with sandstone quarried east of town. It served as a school until 1920 when it became a Masonic Lodge. Listed under Rural School Buildings in Colorado Multiple Property Submission.Location:281 W. 7th Ave.Springfield Colorado USA.
 Kuršas was a proposed skyscraper in Gandrališkės Klaipėda Lithuania. If completed the skyscraper would be the tallest residential building in the Baltic States. Designed by Donatas Rakauskas. The building is named after the Courland in Lithuanian.The building was approved by the city council in May 2009 but due to the global recession the project was put on hold.
 Mariazell Basilica also known as Basilica Mariä Geburt (English: Basilica of the Birth of the Virgin Mary) is a Marian basilica in Mariazell Austria. It is the most important pilgrimage destination in Austria and one of the most visited shrines in Europe. In the church a miraculous wooden image of the Virgin Mary is honored.
 St Augustine's Tower stands in St John's Church Gardens in Hackney Central in the London Borough of Hackney just off the southern end of the Narrow Way (formerly Church Street). It is all that remains of the early 16th century parish church of Hackney of St Augustine which replaced the 13th century medieval church founded by the Knights of St John. The Tower comprises four stages beneath a restored parapet with diagonal buttressing.
 Millersburg Christian Church is a historic Disciples of Christ church at 100 North Clay Street in Millersburg Ohio.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Dunklin County Museum (formerly called the City Hall and Masonic Lodge) in Kennett Missouri is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.As originally constructed the first floor was used exclusively as Kennett's City Hall and the second floor was occupied by several local Masonic organizations. The Masons moved to a new building in the 1950s and in 1976 the city vacated the premises as well.
 The Washington Hilton which was officially known as the Hilton Washington for a period in the early 21st century and is sometimes referred to ironically as the Hinckley Hilton by locals is a hotel in Washington D.C. It is located at 1919 Connecticut Avenue N.W. roughly at the boundaries of the Kalorama Dupont Circle and Adams Morgan neighborhoods.Designed by architect William B.
 The Ansteys Building is an art deco building in the City of Johannesburg. It was built in 1935 and designed by Emley and Wiliamson. It originally housed four floors of retail in the form of the Ansteys Department Store and had an additional 12 stories of luxury residential apartments. The building faced demolition in 1989 but was saved by its status as a national monument. Currently the ground floor houses retail including a large Woolworths store and the upper floors are residential.
 Markham Cobblestone Farmhouse and Barn Complex is a historic home and barn complex located at Lima in Livingston County New York. The home was constructed about 1832 and is a 2-story three-bay cobblestone main block with a 1 1⁄2-story rear wing. It was built in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style.
 Redesdale in Henrico County Virginia near Richmond Virginia was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included a 35-acre (14 ha) area with 4 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites and 3 contributing structures.According to its NRHP nomination Redesdale is one of the great Georgian Revival country houses of early twentieth century Virginia.It was designed by W. L. Bottomley / William Lawrence Bottomley a society architect.
 The Church of Immaculate Heart of Mary (Croatian: Crkva Bezgrješnog Srca Marijina) is a Roman Catholic church in Vinkovci Croatia.
 The Craig-Beasley House also known as Gaines House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It was built or has other significance in 1916 and 1953. It includes Bungalow/Craftsman architecture. When listed the property included four contributing buildings and one non-contributing structure on an area of 2.9 acres (1.2 ha).
 The Vassar Swiss Underwear Company Building is an industrial loft building located at 2545 West Diversey Avenue in Chicago Illinois. It is also known as the Cooper Lamp Building and as of 2010 is slated to house the Green Exchange a combination business incubator and office space.
 Turin Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Torino) is the major Roman Catholic church of Turin northern Italy. Dedicated to Saint John the Baptist (Italian: San Giovanni Battista) it was built during 1491–98 and is adjacent to an earlier campanile built in 1470. The Chapel of the Holy Shroud the current resting place of the Shroud of Turin was added to the structure in 1668–94.
 The Dickson Tavern or the Perry Memorial House is the oldest building in the city of Erie in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Located at the corner of 2nd and French Streets in downtown Erie the structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The three-story Federal and Greek Revival-style building was constructed in 1815 by William Himrod and owned by John Dickson. It was acquired by the city of Erie in 1924.
 Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences (Ontario Shores) commonly referred to as Whitby Psych is a public hospital located in Whitby Ontario Canada providing a range of specialized assessment and treatment services to those living with complex and serious mental illness. Interprofessional teams provide care through safe and evidence-based approaches where successful outcomes are achieved using best clinical practices and the latest advances in research.
 Izu Kokubun-ji (伊豆国分寺) is a small Buddhist temple in Mishima Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It contains the foundation stones for one of the original provincial temples established in each of the provinces of Japan by the Emperor Shōmu during the Nara period (710 – 794). Due to this connection the temple grounds and main hall have been designated as a National Historic Site by the Japanese government.
 The former offices of Ordnance Survey are situated in London Road Southampton close to the junction with The Avenue and are now part of the city's court complex and are occupied by Government agencies. The buildings are Grade II listed.
 Stadsbygd Church (Norwegian: Stadsbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village Stadsbygd near the Trondheimsfjord. It was built in 1842 to replace the old church at the same site that had burned down in 1837.
 Emirates Financial Towers is a 27 storey twin-tower commercial development located in the Dubai International Financial Centre Dubai’s central financial district.
 Hillside in Norfolk Connecticut was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It served historically as a single dwelling.The home was the home of an heiress of the Remington Arms business fortune. It was designed by architect Alfredo S.G. Taylor and is one of his more spectacular houses.
 The Chickamauga Lodge No. 221 Free and Accepted Masons Prince Hall Affiliate also known as Chickamauga Masonic Lodge No. 221 was built in 1924. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Hampton Park Terrace is the name both of a neighborhood and a National Register district located in peninsular Charleston South Carolina. The neighborhood is bounded on the west by the Citadel on the north by Hampton Park on the east by Rutledge Ave. and on the south by Congress St. In addition the one block of Parkwood Ave. south of Congress St. is considered by some to be included.
 The Captain Moses W. Collyer House also Driftwood is located on River Road South in Chelsea New York United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was the home of Collyer a riverboat captain on the nearby Hudson from 1899 until his death on September 22 1942 as noted by New York Times.
 St Michael's Church Songyae(Thai: วัดอัครเทวดามีคาแอล ณ บ้านหนองซ่งแย้ Wat Akhan Thewada Mikha-el na Ban Nong Songyae) is aRoman Catholic parish church in the northeastern Thai village ofBan Nong SongyaesubdistrictKham ToeiThai CharoendistrictYasothon Province(บ้านหนองซ่งแย้ ต.คำเตย อ.ไทยเจริญ จ.ยโสธร.)Nong หนอง indicates a fen; swampy or marshy land; Song ซ่ง is dialect for a group;yae ตัวแย้ is the Beauty or Common Butterfly Lizard Liolepis belliana.
 Whitford Hall is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1796 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal style. It has a gable roof with dormers service wing and frame additions. Also on the property are a stone shed tenant house and carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Ashland Company Store is a historic company store building located at Ashland McDowell County West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and is a two story brick commercial building on a brick and stone foundation. It has a low hipped roof. In addition to the store the building housed a warehouse the paymaster's office U.S. Post Office and company offices. The post office was in use until 1991. Also on the property is a gym building (c.
 The Charlotte M. Crabtree House also known as Crabtree Hall is a dormitory in Amherst Massachusetts named for the late Charlotte M. Crabtree a beneficiary of the university. It is part of the Northeast Residential Area at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. The building is designed in the Georgian architecture style and is covered with brick.
 The Phillips Collection is an art museum founded by Duncan Phillips and Marjorie Acker Phillips in 1921 as the Phillips Memorial Gallery located in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington D.C. Phillips was the grandson of James H.
 The Landmark London is a five-star hotel on Marylebone Road on the northern side of central London England in the borough of London named the City of Westminster. It was originally opened by the Great Central Railway under the title Hotel Great Central.
 Allen Grove is a plantation and historic district located in Old Spring Hill Alabama. The Greek Revival house was built for John Gray Allen in 1857 by David Rudisill. It is a two-story frame structure with a two-story front portico featuring square paneled columns. The roof is hipped with side dormers. In 1890 the rear facade was altered when a kitchen and pantry wing and a two-story back porch was added.
 Aware Global Hospital is a specialized hospital located in the Karmanghat area of Hyderabad in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. This hospital was established by Madhavanji and was named as Aware Hospitals. The hospital went into losses and was later sold and leased to Global Hospitals Group who renamed it as Aware Global Hospitals.
 Bethel Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at 801 Andrews in Houston Texas.The Late Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1923 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Freeport-McMoRan Center (formerly One Central Park East) is a highrise located in Downtown Phoenix Arizona. It is located adjacent to Arizona State University's Downtown campus. Upon completion in 2009 the building was the first high-rise office tower to open in Downtown Phoenix in nearly eight years. It is named for mining company Freeport-McMoRan whose headquarters are located in the building.
 St Mary's Church Nantwich is in the centre of the market town of Nantwich Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It has been called the Cathedral of South Cheshire and it is considered by some to be one of the finest medieval churches not only in Cheshire but in the whole of England.
 Tameside General Hospital is a National Health Service (NHS) hospital situated in Ashton-under-Lyne. Run by Tameside Hospital NHS Foundation Trust it serves the surrounding area of Tameside in Greater Manchester and the town of Glossop in Derbyshire.
 The Swedish Air Force Museum (in Swedish Flygvapenmuseum) is located at Malmen Airbase in Malmslätt just outside Linköping Sweden. Malmen is where Baron Carl Cederström nicknamed the Flyer Baron founded his flying school in 1912. Malmen Airbase is home to the Royal Swedish Airschool operating SAAB 105 (SK60) jet trainers.
 The Hayward Gallery is an art gallery within the Southbank Centre part of an area of major arts venues on the South Bank of the River Thames in central London England. It is sited adjacent to the other Southbank Centre buildings (the Royal Festival Hall and the Queen Elizabeth Hall/Purcell Room) and also the Royal National Theatre and British Film Institute.
 The Cass Motor Sales is a commercial building located at 5800 Cass Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Restaurant De Bokkepruik is a restaurant located in Heemse Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star from 1990 to present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Bokkepruik is Jaap Istha. Maître and sommelier is Heleen Istha-Koeslag.De Bokkepruik is a former member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.
 Church of St. Joseph of the Visitationists (Polish: Kościół Opieki św. Józefa w Warszawie) commonly known as the Visitationist Church (Polish: Kościół Wizytek) is a Roman Catholic church in Warsaw Poland situated at Krakowskie Przedmieście 34. One of the most notable rococo churches in Poland's capital its construction was begun in 1664 and completed in 1761.
 The house at 322 Albany Avenue (NY 32) in Kingston New York United States is a stone building dating to the early 19th century. In the 1840s it was renovated in the Greek Revival architectural style.Almost a century later it was renovated again this time in the Colonial Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Chandler Mill Bridge also known as Chester County Bridge No. 236 is a historic steel bridge located in Kennett Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans the West Branch of Red Clay Creek. It is a single span 47-foot-long (14 m) built up steel plate girder bridge. The bridge was constructed in 1910 and features stone abutments and wingwalls.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Northridge Mall is a defunct shopping mall located in the northern part of Milwaukee Wisconsin that opened in 1973 and closed in 2003.
 The Aga Khan University Hospital (AKUH) in Karachi established in 1985 is the primary teaching site of the Aga Khan University’s (AKU) Faculty of Health Sciences. Founded by His Highness the Aga Khan the hospital provides a broad range of secondary and tertiary care including diagnosis of disease and team management of patient care.
 St. Catherine's Church of Lomice North Dakota near Whitman North Dakota United States was built in 1936. It was designed by architect Joseph Bell DeRemer in Late Gothic Revival architecture. It has also been known as St. Catherine's Catholic Church as St. Catherine's Church and as St. Catherine Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Westwood Moravian Church was founded in 1865 in the Westwood area of Oldham in Greater Manchester England. By 1868 the church building was too small for its congregation and a new structure was opened in 1869. This church was used for Moravian services until 2005 when the congregation sold it and moved to its new premises in Royton. The Westwood building still stands.
 Millennium Tower was a 671 m (2201 ft) tall 188-story skyscraper planned to be built in Las Vegas Nevada USA. The project was first reported in the Los Angeles Times on April 6 2001 and would have featured a sky park observation deck on the 100th floor. Wind turbines placed at the top of the structure along with photoelectric cells on the exterior would provide electricity for the entire building.
 Dambanang Kawayan officially known as Saint John the Baptist Parish is a Roman Catholic parish-church located in Barangay Ligid-Tipas in Taguig City Philippines.This church of Tipas formerly belonged to the Immaculate Conception Parish of Pasig and later transferred to the Shrine of Saint Anne in Sta. Ana Taguig City. On November 17 1969 Cardinal Rufino Jiao Santos formally erected the parish under the patronage of St. John the Baptist. The first parish priest appointed was Rev. Fr.
 The Ristiḱ Palace (Serbian: Ристићева палата; Macedonian: Ристиќева палата Ristikjeva palata) is a monumental symbolic building at Macedonia Square (with the 'СКОПСКО' sign on top meaning 'Skopsko' a popular local beer brand) in Skopje Republic of Macedonia. The palace is located on the southern side of the Vardar river in the southern part of Macedonia Square.
 The Buildings at 24—30 Summer St. are a series of brick rowhouses in Lawrence Massachusetts. The three story Second Empire residences were built in 1877 for Joseph Bushnell and E. S. Yates as rental properties. They have had only minor exterior alteration since their construction.The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Scott County Jail Complex located in Georgetown Kentucky served as the Scott County jail from 1892 until 1990. Currently the building houses the Scott County Arts & Cultural Center.
 Sunrise was a company mining town of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company located in Platte County Wyoming. The entire site of the former mining district and town is on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Our Lady Star of the Sea Seaforth is a Roman Catholic church in Seaforth Merseyside England. Its building is listed.
 First Hawaiian Center is the tallest building in the U.S. state of Hawaiʻi and the city of Honolulu the largest city in the state. It is the world corporate headquarters of First Hawaiian Bank the oldest and largest bank based in Hawaii. The tower is one of the most well-known buildings in Honolulu with a striking presence at the center of downtown Honolulu's skyline.
 Bastrop State Park is a state park in Bastrop County in Central Texas. The park was established in 1938 and consists of stands of Loblolly Pines mixed with Post Oak and junipers.
 The Karolinska University Hospital (Swedish: Karolinska Universitetssjukhuset) is a university hospital in Stockholm Sweden with two major sites in the municipalities of Huddinge and Solna.The present day Karolinska University Hospital is the result of a 2004 merger between the former Huddinge University Hospital (Huddinge Universitetssjukhus) in Huddinge south of Stockholm and the Karolinska Hospital (Karolinska Sjukhuset) in Solna north of Stockholm.
 The Barbizon Hotel for Women now known as Barbizon 63 was symbolic of the cultural change as women began to come to New York City for professional opportunities but still wanted a safe retreat that felt like the family home. It is located at 140 East 63rd Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan New York City New York State USA.
 St. Xavier Church is a Roman Catholic Latin Rite shrine located at Kottar Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu state India. While Saint Xavier was doing missionary work at Kottar and its neighbourhood he averted an invasion of Padagas with the help of his cross alone and thus protected the people of Venad kingdom from that attack which was appreciated by the king Unni Kerala Varma who became closer to the priest and befriended him from then on.
 David Harvard House also known as the Former Quarters of Lee and Bradford is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original house was built about 1766 and is a 2 1/2-story stuccoed stone structure. It has a rear wing. During the American Revolution the house served as headquarters for General Charles Lee and Col.
 The Queen's Chapel is a chapel in central London England that was designed by Inigo Jones and built between 1623 and 1625 as an external adjunct to St. James's Palace for Roman Catholic queen Henrietta Maria.
 Piper's Opera House is a historic performing arts venue in Virginia City Storey County Nevada in the United States. Piper's served as a training facility in 1897 for heavyweight boxing champion Gentleman Jim Corbett in preparation for his title bout with Bob Fitzsimmons. The current structure was built by entrepreneur John Piper in 1885 to replace his 1878 opera house that had burned down.
 The Welch Training School also known as Welch School in New Haven Connecticut was built in 1883. It was NRHP-listed in 1983.It was designed by Leoni W. Robinson and is an example of Queen Anne architecture applied to a commercial building.
 Opernhaus Wuppertal (Wuppertal Opera House) is a theatre in Wuppertal North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It houses mostly performances of operas but also plays run by the municipal Wuppertaler Bühnen. The house is also the venue for dance performances by the Tanztheater Wuppertal company created by Pina Bausch.The house was built in 1905 on a design by Carl Moritz as the Stadttheater Barmen (Barmen Municipal Theatre).
 Prince Frederick's Chapel Ruins is a historic site in Plantersville South Carolina.The first church on this site known as Prince Frederick's Chapel Pee Dee was built in 1848 on a site donated by the Rev. Hugh Fraser in 1834. Most of the parishioners were rice planters along the Pee Dee River.
 Mount Saint Mary's Convent and Academy originally the Sacred Heart Convent and Holy Angels Orphanage and previously Mount St.
 The Pierce-Borah House is a historic building in Garden City Idaho. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the house was among the earliest designed by prominent Idaho architect John E. Tourtellotte. It was completed in 1897 and originally located at 11th and Franklin Streets in nearby Boise.The house was commissioned by Boise entrepreneur Walter E. Pierce but was sold in 1898 to William Borah later a prominent United States Senator. In 1959 the house was purchased by Vernon K.
 The Blount Building is an historic seven-story Chicago school style office building located at 3 West Garden St. SW corner of Palafox St. Pensacola Escambia County Florida. It was built by Charles Hill Turner in 1906-1907 for local attorney William Alexander Blount on the site of the three-story Blount-Watson Building which had burned on Halloween night in 1905.
 The Protestant church of Bolsward (also Grote kerk or Martinikerk) is a religious building in Bolsward Netherlands one of the medieval churches in Friesland.The church was renewed and enlarged between 1446 and 1461. The tower of the church was built in the 15th century and the gabled roof was added in the 17th century.The church is located at the Groot Kerkhof 24 and was once a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Martin becoming a Protestant church after the Protestant Reformation.
 The Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour in Faribault is the oldest cathedral in Minnesota. Built 1862–1869 it was the first church in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America designed as a cathedral. The architect was James Renwick Jr. who also designed St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York and the Smithsonian Institution Building in Washington D.C. On August 10 1979 the cathedral and its guild house were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St George's Hanover Square is an Anglican church in central London built in the early 18th century. The land on which the church stands was donated by General William Steuart who laid the first stone in 1721. The church was designed by John James and was constructed under a project to build fifty new churches around London (the Queen Anne Churches). It is situated in Hanover Square near Oxford Circus in what is now the City of Westminster.
 Carlisle Gymnasium is an indoor arena on the campus of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque New Mexico. It was the home of the New Mexico Lobos basketball team from its opening in 1928 until the completion of the larger Johnson Gymnasium in 1957 and was also the original venue of the New Mexico Symphony Orchestra.
 Fort Hawkins was a fort built in 1806-1810 in the historic Creek Nation by the United States government under President Thomas Jefferson and used until 1824. Built in what is now Georgia at the Fall Line on the east side of the Ocmulgee River the fort overlooked the sacred ancient earthwork mounds of the Ocmulgee Old Fields now known as the Ocmulgee National Monument and the Lower Creek Pathway.
 Vogt House is a historic home located at Brownville in Jefferson County New York. It is a stone house built about 1826 in the Federal style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St John the Baptist's Church Smallbridge is in Halifax Road Smallbridge Rochdale Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the benefice of Wardle and Smallbridge the deanery of Rochdale the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 101 Park Avenue is a 629-foot (192 m) tall skyscraper in New York City New York. It was completed in 1979 to 1982 and has 49 floors. Eli Attia Architects designed the building which is the 64th tallest in New York.It was used as the facade of the fictional Pemrose building in the 1987 film The Secret of My Success as well as the fictional Clamp Tower in the 1990 film Gremlins 2.
 The Palazzo Comunale (Italian: Municipal palace) also known as the Palazzo del Popolo (Italian: People's palace) of San Gimignano has been the seat of the civic authority in the comune since the 13th century. It is located on the Piazza del Duomo close to the Collegiate Church of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 The Beaver Street Historic District is a residential historic district in the Main South part of Worcester Massachusetts. It encompasses a collection of five well preserved Colonial Revival triple-deckers located at 31-39 Beaver Street and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The five buildings in this Beaver Street subdivision were built c.
 Riga Academy is a historic building located at Riga in Monroe County New York. It was constructed in 1811 and is a two story five bay Federal style building. Built originally as a tavern and inn it was converted for use as an academy in 1846. It was used as a school from 1847 to 1861 at which time it became a private residence.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Elgin-Middlesex Detention Centre is a maximum security prison located in London Ontario. Concerns have recently been raised about the security of the staff and visitors at the prison as well as prison overcrowding.
 Black Clauchrie House is a late Victorian manor house located on the outskirts of the village of Barrhill in South Ayrshire Scotland adjacent to the Galloway Forest Park. It is protected as a category C(s) listed building.It was originally built as a hunting lodge between 1898 and 1901 in the Arts and Crafts style for Robert David Jardine Mein-Austin (1864–1910) and his wife Flora. The house was designed by the Ayrshire-based architect James K. Hunter (1863–1929).
 The Josiah B. and Sara Moore House is a house in Villisca Iowa United States. The house was the site of the 1912 brutal murder of eight people including six children. A documentary has been made about the murder which remains unsolved. The house was renovated in the 1990s and serves as a local museum.
 The Leela Palace Chennai is a five star deluxe hotel in Chennai India. It is located at MRC Nagar R.A.Puram in the Adyar creek area in the southern end of the Marina Beach. The hotel is designed by Atlanta-based architects Smallwood Reynolds Stewart Stewart and Associates Inc. and is themed after the Chettinad architecture of Tamil Nadu. With the project cost exceeding 8000 million the hotel was expected to open in September 2012.
 The Dallas Museum of Art (DMA) is a major art museum located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas Texas along Woodall Rodgers Freeway between St. Paul and Harwood. In 1984 the museum moved from its previous location in Fair Park to the Arts District. The new building was designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes the 2007 winner of the American Institute of Architects Gold Medal.The museum collection is made up of more than 24000 objects dating from the third millennium BC to the present day.
 The Imperial Furniture Museum (German: Hofmobiliendepot) in Vienna is a furniture museum that houses one of the most important collections of furniture in the world.Today the museum mainly contains furniture of the Habsburg monarchs.
 The Blue and Green Diamonds are twin towers in Miami Beach Florida United States. They are both 559 feet (170 m) and 44 floors. They are the tallest buildings in Miami Beach and were both completed in 2000. They were known for being the tallest oceanfront residential towers in the United States until Jade Beach and Jade Ocean were built in Sunny Isles Beach Florida in 2008 and 2009. The Towers are on Collins Avenue north of the Eden Roc Hotel.
 Thomas Moore House in Poplar Bluff Missouri was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Old Lutz Elementary School (also known as the Old Lutz Schoolhouse) is a historic school in Lutz Florida. It is located at 18819 U.S. 41 North. On August 15 1996 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Carnegie Library and History Center museum is located at 125 S. College Street in the city of Tyler county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas. It was built at in 1904 as the Carnegie Public Library and added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Smith County Texas in 1979. When Tyler built a new public library the Carnegie building was leased to the Smith County Historical Society and operated as a museum under the name the Carnegie History Center.
 Glencairn also known as the John Erwin House is a historic house in Greensboro Alabama United States. The house and grounds were recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in 1935. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 18 1978 due to its architectural and historical significance.
 The Mary Willis Library is a historic public library located in the city of Washington in the U.S. state of Georgia. The library located at 204 East Liberty Street (corner of East Liberty and South Jefferson) in downtown Washington is the designated public library for Wilkes County and headquarters of the Bartram Trail Regional Library System. Built in 1889 in red brick and featuring Tiffany glass the Mary Willis Library was listed with the U.S.
 The Textiles Museum is one of the two museums in Busto Arsizio that specialises in spinning and weaving. It was opened in 1997 to house the objects pictures and archive material representing Busto Arsizio's industrial history.
 The Dr. Daniel Lathrop School is located in the Norwichtown section of Norwich Connecticut. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 1970.
 The Gracie House in New Gascony Arkansas was built in 1915. It was designed by architects Thompson and Harding as an American Craftsman-influenced bungalow. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Once a leading hotel in downtown Richmond Virginia the Hotel Richmond overlooks the Thomas Jefferson designed State Capitol in Capitol Square. One of the rare gilded-age hotels built by a woman entrepreneur the Hotel Richmond is now owned by the Commonwealth of Virginia which uses it as its Ninth Street Office Building.
 't Koetshuis is a former restaurant located in Rhenen Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1957-1970.The restaurant was established in 1945 in the stable of the former hotel Berg en Bos. The hotel had fallen victim to the Second World War. The Frisch family of Swiss origin just started all again and started a rotisserie. This restaurant went very well until it burned down in 1964.
 Ben Taub General Hospital is a hospital located in Houston Texas within the Texas Medical Center. Having opened in May 1963 the hospital is owned and operated by the Harris County Hospital District and is staffed by the faculty residents and students from Baylor College of Medicine.Ben Taub is a Level I trauma center one of three in Southeast Texas the others being nearby Memorial Hermann Hospital and University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston.
 St Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Brighton part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is one of eleven Roman Catholic churches in the city. The church was built in several stages and outstanding debts meant that its official dedication did not take place until 1979. It has been listed at Grade II* by English Heritage in view of its architectural importance.
 Built by the Worcester Lunch Car Company in 1950 the historic Bluebonnet Diner is located in Northampton Massachusetts. It is named after Bluebonnet the state flower of Texas. In 1960 the restaurant added a dining room; a lounge and a banquet hall were added in 1967. The capacity is 110 in the restaurant and 240 in the banquet hall.
 Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation is a large Ashkenazi Orthodox synagogue located in North Manchester United Kingdom. It was founded in 1935 and in 2010 had between 500 and 749 members. Under the aegis of the Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom Reverend Leslie Olsberg MBE led the congregation for 35 years until his death in 2008. Rabbi Daniel Walker succeeded him and currently heads the congregation. Yehuda Marks is the hazzan.
 The Vernon C. Bain Center (VCBC) also known as the Vernon C. Bain Maritime Facility is an 800-bed jail barge used to hold inmates for the New York City Department of Corrections as part of the vast Rikers Island jail complex. It was built in New Orleans along the Mississippi River for $161 million in Avondale Shipyard and brought to New York in 1992 to reduce overcrowding in the island's land-bound buildings for a lower price.
 Lincliff is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview Kentucky a small city east of Louisville Kentucky where wealthy Louisvillians began building estates around 1900. Lincliff was built in 1911-1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Sioux City Public Museum located in Sioux City Iowa was originally a mansion and had exhibits relating to the history of the region. There were also exhibits detailing the Lakota people Omaha people and Winnebago people.Subjects in the museum exhibits included anthropology archeology natural history science and the military.
 Williford Methodist Church is a historic church northwest of the junction of Ferguson and Hail Streets in Williford Arkansas.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 Earnscliffe Woolen-Paragon Worsted Company Mill Complex (M&F Worsted; Artcraft Braid; Cathedral Art Metal Co.) is a historic mill at 25 and 39 Manton Avenue in Providence Rhode Island.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Capt. Joseph Trumble Store and Office also known as War Office was built in 1730.It is located along the 1781 and/or 1782 march routes of Rochambeau's army.It is a .5-acre (0.20 ha) site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.It has been characterized as the most important building in Connecticut associated with the American Revolutionary War. It first served as a country store for Captain Joseph Trumble (1678-1755).
 Mount St. John Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire England.
 The Olive Branch is a public house and restaurant located in the Rutland village of Clipsham. Clipsham is close to the A1 near Stamford Lincolnshire. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.Beech House across the road from The Olive Branch offers six luxury bedrooms and suites.The Olive Branch was awarded the titles of Michelin Pub of the Year 2008 and The Good Pub Guide Inn of the Year 2008.
 Government Buildings (Irish: Tithe an Rialtais) is a large Edwardian building enclosing a quadrangle on Merrion Street in Dublin Ireland in which several key offices of the Government of Ireland are located.
 New South China Mall (Chinese: 新华南MALL; pinyin: Xinhuánán MALL) in Dongguan China is the largest mall in the world based on gross leasable area and ranked second in total area to the Dubai Mall. However it is largely vacant. Unlike other dead malls which have been characterized by the departure of tenants the New South China Mall has been 99% vacant since its 2005 opening as very few merchants have ever signed up.
 The Gus J. Solomon United States Courthouse is a federal courthouse located in downtown Portland Oregon United States. Completed in 1933 it previously housed the United States District Court for the District of Oregon until the Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse opened in 1997. The Renaissance Revival courthouse currently is used by commercial tenants and formerly housed a U.S. Postal Service branch. In 1979 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as U.S.
 Bø Church (Norwegian: Bø kyrkje) is a parish church in Hyllestad Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of hattfjelldal. The church is part of the Hyllestad parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1868 to replace an earlier church. The first known church on the site dates back to at least the 1340s. The present church seats about 200 people.
 The Michigan Governor's Residences are located in the U.S. state of Michigan.The primary residence is a gated mansion in a secured area of a private neighborhood of Lansing.The second home a summer residence is located on Mackinac Island.Both residences are owned by the state of Michigan and are maintained with private donations. The Michigan Constitution specifies that there is to be a Governor's residence at the seat of government and that the seat of Government shall be at Lansing.
 Stone Priory was a priory at Stone in Staffordshire England built circa 670AD.The priory's church was dedicated to Mary and a local seventh-century martyr Saint Wulfad.Stone in the middle ages possessed an Augustinian priory. It was founded c.1135. Some walling remains in Abbey Street and in the house called The Priory in Lichfield Street a rib-vaulted undercroft of four or more bays although in the eighteenth century a wall was built which now blocks off a section of the crypt.
 The Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum is located at the Whitefish Point Light Station 11 miles (18 km) north of Paradise in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The light station property was transferred to the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society (GLSHS) the Michigan Audubon Society (MAS) and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) in 1996. The three entities share governance of the site. The museum is operated by the GLSHS.
 Ogdensburg Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1898 and designed by State architect Isaac G. Perry. It consists of a 2-story hip-roofed administration building and a large gable-roofed drill shed. It is built of load-bearing reddish-brown Potsdam sandstone walls built upon a raised rusticated light-gray limestone foundation.
 St Thomas' Church Crosscrake is located in the village of Crosscrake Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmoreland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with that of St Patrick Preston Patrick. The church was built in 1874–75 and designed by the Lancaster architects Paley and Austin. It replaced an earlier church of 1773 and cost about £3000 (£240000 as of 2014).
 St. Anne's Episcopal Church is a historic parish in Middletown Delaware that was created in 1704 as a mission of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts The present parish church is located at 15 East Green Street while Old St. Anne's Church and its graveyard are located at 105 Old Saint Anne’s Church Road about a mile south of Middletown. On March 7 1973 Old St. Anne's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The historic village of Aurora Cayuga County New York rises on a hill above the eastern shore of Cayuga Lake. The village was named by Captain Benjamin Ledyard who settled there in 1793 in the post-Revolutionary development of the Finger Lakes region. Up until the mid-nineteenth century Aurora played an important part in the history of Central New York.County seat for first Onondaga County and later Cayuga County the village was also a leading market town in the region.
 The Church of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception Birkenhead is in Cavendish Street Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Old Main Augustana College is an historic building located in Rock Island Illinois United States. It was built between 1884 and 1893 on the campus of Augustana College and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Dickey County Courthouse in Ellendale North Dakota was built in 1910. It is in Beaux Arts architecture and was designed by architects Buechner & Orth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (1980) in 1980.Among Buechner & Orth's designs for courthouses this one's design is apparently nearly identical in that of the Traill County Courthouse with the exceptions being paired columns on its tower and differing pilasters among the second floor windows.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church in Huntersville North Carolina was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Vartdal Church (Norwegian: Vartdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Nordre Vartdal. The church is part of the Vartdal parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1876 by the architect Heinrich Ernst Schirmer. The church seats about 360 people.
 Riverside Cemetery established in 1791 is in the Old Union district of Endicott New York and is owned and operated by The Union Presbyterian Church. The cemetery located at 400 Vestal Avenue has historical significance as the burial place of Joshua and John Mersereau who fought with George Washington in the Revolutionary War.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Rock Run School was built as a one-room school house in the late 19th century. Today it is regarded as offering a strong insight into the state of black education in the years between the U.S. Civil War and Brown vs. Board of Education. This Henry County Virginia school soon added an additional room and operated as an educational institution until the mid-1950s when it was consolidated into a larger segregated school.
 Victory (formerly known as Victory Christian Fellowship or VCF) is a non-denominational Evangelical Charismatic church based in the Philippines and a founding member of the Every Nation Churches and Ministries a worldwide movement of churches. 62000 members meet weekly at its fifteen locations in Metro Manila. Its mission statement is to Honor God Make Disciples.Its main office is located at 32nd Street corner University Parkway Fort Bonifacio Taguig City.
 The Byron White United States Courthouse is a courthouse in Denver Colorado currently the seat of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. It formerly housed courthouses of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado Completed between 1910 and 1916 the building U.S. Post Office and Courthouse was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. In 1994 it was renamed in honor of U.S.
 The Pythian Castle is a historic 3-story brick and stone Knights of Pythias building located at 610-612 Court Street in Portsmouth Virginia. Built between 1897 and 1898 for the Atlantic Lodge Knights of Pythias it was designed by architect Edward Overman in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture.
 The Leonard Sturtevant House is a historic house at 84 Mulberry Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1849 this 2-1/2 story wood frame house is a locally distinctive variant of Greek Revival styling. The house has a T shape with projecting rectangular sections on each side. Both the front gable and the gables of the projections are fully pedimented; the main gable has an arched window in the tympanum while the side gables have small octagonal windows.
 Blackwater Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building located near Clarksville Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1767 and rebuilt in 1893. It is a small frame chapel sheathed in clapboard and measuring 35 feet by 30 feet. It features a portico supported by a Victorian style bracket. It is the oldest Presbyterian church building in Southern Delaware.
 Baylor University Medical Center at Dallas (Baylor Dallas or BUMC) is a not-for-profit hospital in Dallas Texas. In 1903 the hospital opened with 25 beds; today it is a patient care teaching and research center for the Southwest. Baylor Dallas has 1025 licensed beds.In 2013 Scott & White merged with Baylor Health Care System to form Baylor Scott & White Health.
 Yopps Meeting House (Yopps Primitive Baptist Church) is a historic Primitive Baptist church at Sneads Ferry North Carolina. The current building was built around 1890 however the Friends of Yopp's Meeting House organization claims there may have been a log precursor built as early as 1813. The current structure was added to the National Register in July of 1999.
 St. Bernard's Church and Parish House is a historic church at 88 Claremont Road in Bernardsville Somerset County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1897 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 Evangelische Lutherische Emanuels Kirche (also known as Emmanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church; Hill Church) is a historic church near Dubois Indiana.It was built in 1901 and was added to the National Register in 1990.
 The T. G. Henderson House (also known as the Henderson-Marcello House) is a historic building in Lake City Florida United States. It is located at 207 South Marion Street. On July 24 1973 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Wayfarers Arcade (previously the Leyland Arcade and Burton Arcade) is a Grade II listed structure located in the seaside town of Southport Merseyside on the famous boulevard of Lord Street in the town centre. The arcade is a near untouched building with the glass dome and Victorian shop fronts below it creating a shopping arcade.
 Shaker Farm (also the Edward Deming and Faith Andrews Homestead) is a historic farmstead on Dublin Road in Richmond Massachusetts. The property is notable as the subject of a book by the Andrewses The Fruits of the Shaker Tree of Life in which they document the property's condition and restoration. The farmhouse was built c. 1795 by Daniel Hand of New Lebanon New York and exhibits a number of examples of Shaker craftsmanship.
 The Zabriskie House also known as the Hohokus Inn is located in Ho-Ho-Kus Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Jardin des Plantes is the main botanical garden in France. It is one of seven departments of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle. It is situated in the 5ème arrondissement Paris on the left bank of the river Seine and covers 28 hectares (280000 m²).
 Batticaloa Museum is a small museum which is located in inside of Batticaloa Fort Batticaloa. It was founded in 1999. The museum has rare stuff such as Palm-leaf manuscripts British era government items tools and utensils.
 The Château d' Homps is a ruined castle in the commune of Homps in the Gers département of France.The 13th-century fortification on a rocky outcrop was abandoned for a more comfortable house built in the 16th century. It was sold as a national asset at the time of the French Revolution and used as a quarry. Only a tower converted into a pigeon loft has been saved intact.
 St. Luke's Home for Destitute and Aged Women was incorporated by an act of the Connecticut State Assembly on June 22 1865. For twenty-seven years the home was conducted in an old house on the southwest corner of Court and Pearl Street. in 1892 a large legacy enabled a new home to be erected at the present site at Pearl and Lincoln Streets. Comfortable quarters are provided for fourteen women.
 The Old City Cemetery on Linwood Boulevard in Columbus Georgia dates from 1828 when the town of Columbus was founded. It has also been known as Linwood Cemetery. It is a work of Edward Lloyd Thomas. It includes Egyptian Revival Gothic and other architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980; the listing included 28.7 acres (11.6 ha).
 QV.1 is a 40-storey modernist skyscraper in Perth Western Australia. Completed in 1991 the 163-metre (535 ft) building is the fourth-tallest building in Perth after Central Park the BHP Tower and the BankWest Tower. The project was designed by architect Harry Seidler and has won numerous awards for its innovative design and energy efficiency.
 The W. H. Watt Building located at 120 N. Main St. in Hailey Idaho is a historic building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Known also as the W.H. Watt Bank and as the Bullwhacker Building it is a brick building that was built in 1882 or in 1889. It is notable as the office of Dr. Robert Wright who served the town of Hailey for 60 years.It was listed on the National Register in 1983 as the W. H. Watt Building.In 2007 the building hosted a jewelry store.
 Brick Store Building is a historic commercial building located at Bridgewater in Oneida County New York. It was built in 1807 and consists of a two story gable roofed rectangular brick main block with a two story wood frame rear wing in a vernacular Federal style. The entire building rests on a limestone foundation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Madison-Stewart Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati Ohio listed in the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 1975. It contains 12 contributing buildings.
 The Church of St Cuthbert is an Anglican parish church in Wells Somerset England dating from the 13th century. It is often mistaken for the cathedral. It has a fine Somerset stone tower and a superb carved roof. It is a Grade I listed building.The dedication of the church to St Cuthbert suggests Saxon origins.
 Dr. Christopher S. Best House and Office is a historic home located at Middleburgh in Schoharie County New York. It is a two story flat roofed frame Italianate dwelling built in 1884. It was enlarged and modified with a series of renovations between 1890 and 1912. It now houses a medical history museum. Also on the property are a frame carriage barn and garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Monroe Tavern also known as McMasters Tavern is a historic home that also served as an inn and tavern located at South Union Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1825 and is a 2 1/2-story 5-bay sandstone building with a center hall floor plan in an Early Republic style. It has a 2 1/2-story kitchen ell. It served as a stop for 19th-century travelers on the National Road.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Port Place Shopping Centre is a hybrid indoor/outdoor shopping mall located in Nanaimo British Columbia Canada.
 The Centennial Museum and Chihuahuan Desert Gardens is a cultural history and natural history museum in El Paso Texas United States. The museum was built during the 1936 Texas Centennial.
 Elks Club and Store Building—Dickenson Lodge #1137 also known as Elks Club or Elks Building and denoted as 32SK is an Early Commercial building in Dickinson North Dakota United States. It was built in 1913. It has been used as a meeting hall a specialty store and a business. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 St Leonard's Church is an Anglican church in Hove in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is on New Church Road in the Aldrington area of Hove which was previously a separate village and it serves as Aldrington's parish church. The church was on Church Road but now stands on New Church Road renamed in reference to the other church (St Philip's) which was started in 1894.
 The Kilbourn Tower is a 33-story 380-foot-tall (120 m) building in Milwaukee Wisconsin. The building was completed in 2005 and at the time of its completion it was the tallest all-residential building in Wisconsin. It would be surpassed by the University Club Tower the following year. The Kilbourn Tower is built in a modernist style and is only 24 feet (7.3 m) away from the University Club Tower.
 Saint Mary Draperis (Italian: Santa Maria Draperis Turkish: Meryem Ana Draperis Latin Katolik Kilisesi) is a Roman Catholic Church in Istanbul important for historical reasons. Established in 1584 the church is one of the most ancient Roman Catholic parishes of Istanbul.
 First Church of Christ Scientist Richmond is a church on Sheen Road Richmond London. It is a branch of The First Church of Christ Scientist in Boston Massachusetts which was founded in 1879.
 The Henry I. Harriman House is a historic house in the French château style at 825 Centre Street in Newton Massachusetts. It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.The house was built for power company executive Henry I. Harriman (who later became president of the United States Chamber of Commerce). The architect was John Barnard and the landscape architect was Arthur Shurtleff both of Boston.
 Gold Souk Grandé Kochi is a shopping mall in the city of Kochi Kerala which was formally opened in March 2011. With retail space of 60000 square metres (650000 sq ft) this was the largest mall in the state of Kerala before the opening of Lulu Cochin Mall. The Mall is part of the Gold Souk chain of malls located all over the country and a brand of Gurgaon based retail and property developer Aerens Gold Souk Group.
 Rosenbad (Rose bath) is a building in central Stockholm precinct of Norrmalm. It is a building owned by the Swedish State and serves as the seat of the Government. Rosenbad is located on Strömgatan on the North side of the river Norrström. It was designed by Art Nouveau architect Ferdinand Boberg and completed in 1902. It originally housing a variety of functions including a restaurant (until 1956) of the same name.
 House at 65 Twentieth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1893 as a carriage house and converted to a summer residence in 1900 and year-round residence in 1946. It is a two story clapboard sided building on a brick foundation with a gable roof and cupola in the Late Victorian style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Mendel Art Gallery is a major creative cultural centre in City Park Saskatoon Saskatchewan opened in 1964. Housing a permanent collection of more than 7500 works of local regional and national significance the largest public art collection in the province the Mendel is also known for its public programs for all ages. It is one of two public art museums with provincial responsibilities.
 The C.S. Mott Children's Hospital is a pediatric hospital through the University of Michigan Health System in Ann Arbor Michigan. The hospital financed with a large donation from C.S. Mott replaced the University Hospital's pediatric wards in 1969. In 2006 the university broke ground to build a new facility which is scheduled to be complete as of November 2011. The children's hospital is consistently ranked as one of the top pediatric centers in the country according to U.S.
 The Wirgman Building was an early 19th century Federal-style commercial and residential building located on East Main Street (U.S. Route 50) in Romney West Virginia. Following its completion around 1825 to serve as the Romney branch office for the Bank of the Valley of Virginia the Wirgman Building at various times served as a location for every subsequent bank established in Romney to include the Bank of Romney and the First National Bank of Romney.
 The Palacio de las Garzas (Herons' Palace) is the governmental office and residence of the President of Panama. It receives its name because of herons roamming freely in the courtyard. The herons were first brought to the building in 1922 by former president Belisario Porras at the suggestion of friend and famed Panamanian poet Ricardo Miro.
 Sunshine Marketplace (was to be called Market Towers) is a regional shopping centre in Sunshine about 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It has been built next to the existing Sunshine Plaza.Sunshine Marketplace has a variety of national international and independent retailers it has a Gross Lettable Area of 33850 m2 (364400 sq ft) 1743 parking spaces and approximately 74 stores. It is one of the few Centro shopping centres which had its own independent logo.
 Greenvale Farm is an historic farm at 582 Wapping Road in Portsmouth Rhode Island. John Hubbard Sturgis and Edmond Coggleshall built the farmhouse in the mid-nineteenth century in an American Stick and Eastlake style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as number 80000082.
 The Laurelhurst Manor Apartments is a building complex in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The South Temple Historic District is a 119-acre (48 ha) historic district that was the first to be listed in the Salt Lake City Register in 1976 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.It includes 106 contributing buildings including the Governor's Mansion and the Salt Lake Masonic Temple.It includes the separately-NRHP-listed Emanuel Kahn House.
 Cragston Dependencies is a group of historic buildings located at Highlands in Orange County New York. They were built about 1860 as part of the Cragston estate of J. P. Morgan (1837–1913). They consist of a house barn well carriage house and stable in the Carpenter Gothic style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St Augustine's Queen's Gate is a Grade II* listed Anglican church in Queen's Gate Brompton London England. The church was built in 1865 and the architect was William Butterfield.
 Christ Church is a historic church building at 12 Quincy Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts. It is a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.The parish was founded in 1704 and is among the oldest in the Diocese.The Tudor Revival current church building was constructed in 1874 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The City Hall in Haarlem is the seat of the city's government. It was built in the 14th century replacing the Count's castle.
 Irving Female College also known as Irving Manor Apartments and Seidle Memorial Hospital is a historic school complex located in Mechanicsburg in Cumberland County Pennsylvania. The complex consists of two buildings: Irving Hall and Columbian Hall. Irving Hall is the older building dating from about 1856. It is a three-story U-shaped brick building with wood trim in the Italianate style. An extension to the building was built about 1900.
 St. Margaret's Church Aspley is a parish church in the Church of England in Aspley Nottingham.
 The Lanesborough is a 5-star hotel on Hyde Park Corner Knightsbridge central London England. Operated by the American Starwood Hotels corporation the hotel is reputedly the most expensive hotel in London with the highest rate as of 2013 being up to £18000 per night for the The Lanesborough Suite. A 24-hour private butler is available to each guest. The Lanesborough has accommodated visiting royalty eminent politicians and entertainers.
 The Jerome Marble House is a historic house at 23 Harvard Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The 2+ story Second Empire brick building was built in 1867 to a design by Elbridge Boyden. It was built for Jerome Marble a dealer in pharmaceuticals and chemicals. The house is a nearly unaltered instance of the Second Empire style in the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Constructed in the year 1858 by John B. Wornall the house stands as a reminder of Kansas City's past.Built in the Greek Revival style architecture with bricks hand-fired on the Wornall's property this house is one of the four remaining Civil War period homes in the Kansas City area.The story of the Wornalls begins in 1843 in Shelbyville Kentucky.
 The Eastside Community Center formerly the Catholic Holy Cross Church is an historic building in Batavia Illinois. It was built in 1897 to serve the Holy Cross congregation of Batavia many of who were Irish immigrants who came to work in local quarries. The building operated as a church until the 1990s when the property was transferred to the Batavia Park District. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Church of Saint-Léon-de-Westmount (French: Église Saint-Léon de Westmount) is a Roman Catholic church located in Westmount Quebec at 4311 De Maisonneuve Boulevard West. Built in 1901 the church was designed by well known Montreal architect Georges-Alphonse Monette and decorated by Guido Nincheri from 1901 to 1903 using the wet plaster buon fresco technique.
 The Judge Willis Russell House (also known as the Verona House) is a U.S. historic building in Brooksville Florida. It is located at 201 South Main Street. On January 27 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Audubon Terrace also known as the Audubon Terrace Historic District is a landmark complex of eight early-20th century Beaux Arts/American Renaissance buildings located on the west side of Broadway bounded by West 155th and West 156th Streets in the Washington Heights neighborhood of upper Manhattan New York City.
 Château Neercanne (also known as Agimont or kasteel Neercanne) is a restaurant located in Maastricht in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one or two Michelin stars in the periods 1957-1982 and 1986–present.GaultMillau awarded them 15.0 points (out of 20).Head chef in the Michelin period were amongst others Theo Koch and Ber Stassen.
 All Souls’ Church is located in Tanah Rata Cameron Highlands Pahang West Malaysia. It is approximately 90 kilometres (56 mi) from Ipoh or about 200 kilometres (120 mi) from Kuala Lumpur. The church is affiliated to the Anglican Diocese of West Malaysia and the Council of Churches Malaysia.
 The Kefeli Mosque (Turkish: Kefeli Câmîi meaning the mosque of the Caffariotes after the inhabitants of the city of Caffa in Crimea or also Kefeli Mescidi where Mescit is the Turkish word for a small mosque) is a former Eastern Orthodox church later jointly officiated by Roman Catholics and Armenians and finally converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. The Catholic Church was dedicated to Saint Nicholas. Its date of dedication as Eastern Orthodox church is unknown.
 Sycamore Cottage is a historic home located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland United States. It was built possibly as early as 1765. The house is a 1 1⁄2-story gambrel-roofed frame structure. Remodelings during the 19th century include adding Victorian windows a central Colonial Revival entrance porch 1840s Greek Revival interior decorative detailing and the addition of a large one-story meeting hall. It was moved to this location in 1840.
 The Century of Progress Architectural District a part of the eastern unit of Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore is an historic district on Lake Front Drive in Beverly Shores Porter County Indiana. The district comprises five buildings all from the Homes of Tomorrow Exhibition during the 1933 Century of Progress World's Fair which took place in Chicago.
 Carderock Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethesda Montgomery County Maryland. The district encompasses 275 modernist houses located northwest of Bethesda. It was developed between 1962 and 1966 and was planned to take full advantage of the existing landscape and topography with curvilinear streets and cul-de-sacs serving wooded sloping lots.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Holland Towne House is a historic house on North Street in Petersham Massachusetts. The single story wood frame house was built c. 1752 by Holland Towne; it is one of only four colonial-era houses in the town.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 as the Holland-Towne House.
 The Indian Creek Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near US 219 about 4 miles away from Salt Sulphur Springs in Monroe County West Virginia U.S.A.. It is owned by the Monroe County Historical Society and was originally built in 1898 by Ray and Oscar Weikel. The bridge is 49.25 feet long and 11.5 feet wide.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.The bridge was restored by Hoke Brothers Construction Inc.
 The Mordecai Lincoln House is a historic house in Exeter Township Berks County Pennsylvania built c. 1733 by Mordecai Lincoln the great-great-grandfather of President Abraham Lincoln. The house stands in the narrow valley of Hiester Creek on a 9 acre plot near the village of Lorane on Lincoln Road.
 The basilica of St Plechelm (Dutch: Sint-Plechelmusbasiliek) is a Roman Catholic church in the Dutch town of Oldenzaal dedicated to the 8th-century Irish monk Saint Plechelm whose festival on 15 July has been on the calendar of the medieval diocese of Utrecht ever since his canonisation in the 10th century. This festival is still celebrated annually at the basilica and the saint's 1050th anniversary was celebrated there in 2004. The pope granted it the title of minor basilica in 1950.
 The Lowe Art Museum is an art museum located in Coral Gables Florida a Miami suburb in Miami-Dade County. Opened in 1950 and operated by the University of Miami the museum has an extensive collection of art with permanent collections in Greco-Roman antiquities Renaissance Baroque 17th- and 19th-century European art 19th-century American art modern art.
 Indiana Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Indiana Indiana County Pennsylvania. It was designed by Joseph F. Kuntz of Pittsburgh architects W.G. Wilkins Co.. The drill hall was built in 1922 and is a one-story structure with a gambrel roof. The administration building was added in 1929 and consists of a two-story section with a recessed one-story portion.
 Adams Odd Fellows Hall is located in Adams Oregon. It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 5 1994.
 St Peter's Church Delamere is in an isolated position to the south of the village of Delamere Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
 The Van Gogh Museum (Dutch pronunciation: [vɑn ɣɔx myˈzeɪʏm]) is an art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands dedicated to the works of Vincent van Gogh and his contemporaries. It is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South close to the Stedelijk Museum the Rijksmuseum and the Concertgebouw.The museum is founded in 1973 and located in a building designed by Gerrit Rietveld.
 St. Agnes Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Rockville Centre New York on Long Island. It is the seat of the Diocese of Rockville Centre. The Most Reverend William Murphy is the ordinary bishop of the Diocese and pastor of the Cathedral parish. The Saint Agnes Cathedral School is on campus with the cathedral.
 Washington Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. The cemetery was laid out in 1832 and the entry is distinguished by a handsome cast iron arch dating from the 1840s / 1850s. It contains about 2200 burials dating from 1832 to the 1950s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Franconia Sculpture Park is an outdoor sculpture park in Franconia Minnesota that offers a unique combination of work residence and exhibition space for emerging and established artists. Its mission is to foster an inspiring environment for artists to expand their skills and promote the public education of three-dimensional art.
 All-Star Triangle Bowl (formerly All-Star Bowling Lane) is a bowling alley located in Orangeburg South Carolina United States. The lanes are a historic fixture of the community. The original owner was Harry K. Floyd. All-Star Triangle Bowl is most known for its fundamental role in the Orangeburg Massacre which was sparked as a result of Floyd disallowing people of color to bowl at the privately owned bowling alley (which was then called All Star Bowling Lane).
 Lafayette Park is a high rise residential neighborhood east of Downtown Detroit. The area is part of the Mies van der Rohe Residential District listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Lafayette Park is located on the city's lower east side directly south of the Eastern Market Historic District.
 The Colonel John Williams House in Knoxville Tennessee was built in 1825-1826 by Melinda White Williams wife of Colonel John Williams while he was away serving as Chargé d'Affaires to Guatemala for President John Quincy Adams. (Melinda White was a daughter of Knoxville's founder James White.) The home is designed in the Federal style with a noteworthy pediment with a fanlight at the roofline.Col. Williams was originally from Surry County North Carolina.
 The Northern Carleton Memorial Hospital is a former Canadian acute care hospital located in Bath New Brunswick.It closed in the fall of 2007 as part of a consolidation of health care services in Carleton County and adjacent areas that saw the opening of a new regional hospital the Upper River Valley Hospital.The former hospital building now contains a community medical clinic operated by Horizon Health Network.
 Carlton Bloc was a residential bloc located in Bucharest Romania. Having a height of 47 metres (154 ft) it was the tallest building in the city until it was destroyed by the November 10 1940 earthquake. The bloc was the tallest building in the city between 1932 and 1934.
 Hustad Church (Norwegian: Hustad kirke) is a preserved former parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located just north of the village of Gangstadhaugen. The church is part of the Sandvollan parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. Since 1887 the church has been owned by the Society for the Preservation of Ancient Norwegian Monuments since it is one of the few remaining stone churches from the Middle Ages.
 Sciencenter is a hands-on science museum in Ithaca New York. It was founded on February 28 1983 as a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit educational organization. The Sciencenter grew out of the volunteer-run hands-on science program run for 15 years at several elementary schools in the Ithaca City School District. The community-based tradition continued as the museum grew to be nationally known despite not having a paid staff until the 1990s.
 CenturyLink Tower (formerly Qwest Tower) is an office building located in downtown Sioux Falls South Dakota. It is 174 feet tall and has 11 stories dominates the skyline of Sioux Falls and is the tallest building in the state of South Dakota. Previously the 202-foot Zip Feed Tower was the tallest building in Sioux Falls as well as South Dakota.
 El Portalito is a traditional bar in Guatemala City Guatemala. The bar opened in the 1940s and is located in the Pasaje Rubio on the other side of the street from the Plaza Mayor de la Constitución. The bar is noted for its wood furnishings and traditional marimba music during the evenings.The specialities of the bar are pigeons in sherry and light dark or mixed beers.
 West Park Place is a national historic district located at Erie Erie County Pennsylvania. It includes 12 contributing commercial buildings built between 1857 and 1865. They are characterized as three-story brick buildings over a full basement in the Italianate style. The buildings reflect Erie's mid-19th century central business district. The district includes the Bindernecht Block Purcell Hardware Store and Marble Front building.
 Medan Cathedral (Indonesian: Gereja Katedral Medan) is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Medan Indonesia. The current cathedral was inaugurated in 1928. It is one of the Dutch colonial building in Medan.
 The Army Museum of Western Australia is a museum located in an historic artillery barracks in Fremantle Western Australia. The museum was established in 1977 and has three Victoria Crosses on display.
 The John J. Glessner House operated as the Glessner House Museum is an important 19th-century residence located at 1800 S. Prairie Avenue Chicago Illinois. It was designed in 1885-1886 by architect Henry Hobson Richardson and completed in late 1887. The property was designated a Chicago Landmark on October 14 1970. The site was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 17 1970 and as a National Historic Landmark on January 7 1976.
 The Moosup Valley Historic District is a historic district in Foster Rhode Island near Harrington Johnson Moosup Valley Barb Hill and Cucumber Hill Roads.The bulk of the district was founded in 1851 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Many Greek Revival Federal and Colonial houses are in the area.
 Berkeley Zen Center (BZC) temple name Shogakuji (正覚寺 Shōgaku-ji) is a Sōtō Zen Buddhist practice center located in Berkeley California led by Sojun Mel Weitsman. An informal affiliate to the San Francisco Zen Center (SFZC) BZC was originally founded in 1967 by Weitsman and Shunryu Suzuki as a satellite group for the SFZC. Despite founding the center Weitsman was not installed as abbot there until 1985 one year after receiving Dharma transmission from Hoitsu Suzuki.
 Danvikens hospital was a historical Swedish hospital insane asylum and retirement home in Stockholm active in 1558–1861. The area belonged to Stockholms kommun until 1984 when it was transferred to Nacka kommun.The Danvikens hospital was founded by the initiative of King Gustav Vasa in 1558. The current building is designed by Göran Josuæ Adelcrantz (1668–1739) and dates back to 1718–1725. From the 1740s the hospital also functioned as an Insane asylum.
 Jenkins House also known as The Grey Barn is a house in Delanson New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house was originally constructed in 1876 for the station master of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad.The house was partially destroyed by fire in 1971. The electrical fire started in a barn behind the home. The barn home of The Grey Barn Antiques was demolished as was the back portion of the home. Rebuilding and renovation were completed by 1972.
 For the similarly named building in West Tampa see El Centro Español of West TampaEl Centro Español de Tampa is a historic building in the Ybor City neighborhood of Tampa in the U.S. state of Florida. Built as an ethnic and cultural clubhouse in 1912 the red brick structure situated at 1526–1536 East 7th Avenue is today part of a shopping and entertainment complex.
 Hill House also known as Cool Spring is a historic home located on York Road at Parkton Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a large 2 1⁄2-story brick mansard-roofed dwelling constructed about 1879. It features a four-paneled central entrance door flanked by round-arched sidelights and surmounted by a rectangular transom. The house presents a rural interpretation of the Second Empire style.Hill House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Parkside East Historic District is a national historic district located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. The district is architecturally and historically significant for its association with the 1876 Parks and Parkways Plan for the city of Buffalo developed by Frederick Law Olmsted. It consists of 1769 contributing structures (1109 principal buildings 659 outbuildings) developed from 1876 to 1936 as a middle class residential neighborhood.
 The Hyattsville Historic District is a residential neighborhood comprising a national historic district located in the city of Hyattsville Prince George's County Maryland. The district comprises approximately 600 structures primarily houses that exhibit late-19th and early-20th century design characteristics. The majority of residential buildings are of frame construction the older ones with foundations of brick or (rarely) fieldstone the newer of concrete.
 Jackson Mansion and Carriage House is a historic home and carriage house located at Berwick Columbia County Pennsylvania. The mansion was built in 1877 and is three stories with basement surfaced with Vermont stone in a Second Empire / Italianate-style. The front facade features a three-story central tower with a mansard roof and pedimented portico supported by Doric order columns. The carriage house is a two-story hipped roof building faced with Vermont stone.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church is a Greek Orthodox place of worship in St Leonards-on-Sea a town and seaside resort which is part of the Borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. Built in 1852 for Anglican worshippers in the growing new town of St Leonards-on-Sea a seaside resort which had been laid out from the 1820s the church's prominent position on the skyline overlooking the town was enhanced in 1872 by the addition of a tower.
 Hazelhurst is a historic house located at 150 East Genesee Street in Skaneateles New York. It was a 25-room mansion when built for William Loney in 1864. It had an extensive lawn stretching down to Skaneateles Lake which was later split up into 30 separate building lots that now share a common lake access. The mansion is now used as a 14-bedroom home for the elderly called The Athenaeum.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Shrine Church of St. Ann is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at Bainbridge Avenue just north of Gun Hill Road in Norwood the Bronx New York City. The parish was established in 1927.
 Christ Church Birkenhead is in Christchurch Road Oxton Birkenhead Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Birkenhead the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It stands on a sloping site.
 The Rock Island Depot and Freight House is a two-story railroad station and adjacent one-story freight house from the turn of the 20th century. It was constructed in 1899 directly besides the Illinois River in the American city of Peoria Illinois. The depot and freight house are Peoria's last remaining historic reminders of the importance of the railroad in the city's past.
 The Spokane Portland and Seattle Railroad Warehouse is a building located in Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places. A former warehouse used by the Spokane Portland and Seattle Railway it has been converted into an office building. It was added to the National Register in 1996.
 Barleywood is a farm in Jefferson County West Virginia on land once owned by Samuel Washington brother of George Washington. The farm is close to Samuel's manor house Harewood from which the Barleywood property was subdivided in 1841. The Barleywood house was built in 1842 as well as several outbuildings which survive. The house has been vacant since the 1960s and has suffered from vandalism.
 The National Guard Armory in Columbia Missouri was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1940. The art deco building on Walnut Street sits on the north side of downtown Columbia. Today the building is owned by the city and used as a youth recreation center.
 Sarah and Samuel Nicholson House is located in Salem Salem County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1752 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 24 1975.
 Charles Wagener House is a historic home located at Penn Yan in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1838.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Xiamen International Centre is a skyscraper under construction in Xiamen China.
 Mount Haven Hotel is a hotel near the coast on the eastern side of the town of Marazion Cornwall England UK several miles east of Penzance. It is next to Chymorvah House and has panoramic views of St Michael's Mount and bay.The hotel's restaurant has been awarded an AA Rosette and in the summer tables are put out on the terrace which overlooks St Michael's Mount.
 The Cathedral of the Sacred Heart is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Winona. The cathedral is located in Winona Minnesota on Minnesota State Highway 43 near downtown. The current rector of the cathedral is Msgr. Richard Colletti.
 The Cold Springs Station Site east of Austin Nevada is a historic stagecoach station site that was active during 1861-1869 as a passenger and freight station and later for freight. Only stone ruins remain. Nearby is the location of the original Cold Springs Pony Express Station Ruins.Also known as the Rock Creek Stage Station the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972; the listing included 120 acres (49 ha).
 Church of the Good Shepherd and Parish House is a historic church at 155 Wyllys Street in Hartford Connecticut. It was commissioned by Elizabeth Jarvis Colt the widow of Samuel Colt. The buildings were designed by Edward Tuckerman Potter. The church was built in 1867 and the parish house completed in 1896. The church was built as a memorial to Samuel Colt who died in 1862 and three of his children who died in infancy.
 St. Stephen Church is a Roman Catholic church located on the west side of Cleveland Ohio at 1930 West 54th Street. The gothic style building was designed by architects Cudell & Richardson. The current church was built in 1875 and was added into the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 Sweetwater Mansion located in Florence Alabama is a plantation house designed by General John Brahan of the Alabama Militia. A veteran of the War of 1812 Brahan owned more than 4000 acres in eastern Lauderdale County Alabama. The eight room home was built of bricks manufactured on the site of Sweetwater Creek which lay just below the house. Sweetwater Mansion received its name from the creek and was first occupied by Brahan's son-in-law Robert M.
 St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake is a Roman Catholic church in North Worple Way Mortlake London SW14.
 The New York Belting and Packing Co. is located in Newtown Connecticut. The buildings were built in 1856 and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 2 1982.
 Fairfax Hall also known as Brandon Hotel or Fairfax Hall School is a historic building located at Waynesboro Virginia. It was built in 1890 and is a 2 1/2-story very long and rambling resort hotel building in the shingled mode of the Queen Anne style. It has an irregular symmetry with towers at either end of the facade a one-story porte cochere a distinctive octagonal belvedere and cupola and glassed in first story porches.
 The Luerhmen History and Culture Museum (Chinese: 鹿耳門歷史文化區域地方文化館; pinyin: Lùěrmén Lìshǐ Wénhuà Qū Yù Dìfāng Wénhuàguǎn) is a museum of history and culture in Annan District Tainan Taiwan.
 Altona near Charles Town West Virginia is a historic farm with an extensive set of subsidiary buildings. The original Federal style house was built in 1793 by Revolutionary War officer Abraham Davenport on land purchased from Charles Washington. The house was expanded by Abraham's son Colonel Braxton Davenport. During the Civil War the farm was a favored encampment. Generals Philip Sheridan and Ulysses S.
 The Station Museum of Contemporary Art is a private museum devoted to contemporary art located in downtown Houston Texas United States. Started in 2001 the museum goal is to be a resource that deepens and broadens public awareness of the cultural political economic and personal dimensions of art.
 Warfield-Dye Residence also known as Wayside or Warfield House is a historic home located at Elkins Randolph County West Virginia. It was built in 1900-1901 and is a large 2 1/2-story brick and wood shingle dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It is topped by a hipped roof with dormers and two-story bay. It features a large wraparound porch with wooden rail Tuscan order column supports and a balustrade along the roof edge. The house was built by Harry R.
 The Grange Hall in the Cannondale section of the town of Wilton Connecticut is a historic Grange building and is home of the Cannon Grange.The building was built in 1899 as a community center. It was acquired by the Grange organization in 1933.The building is a contributing property in the Cannondale Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Museo de Arte Contemporáneo or MAC (Spanish for Contemporary Art Museum) is a modern art museum in Valdivia run by Universidad Austral de Chile. It was founded in 1994 by the then rector of Universidad Austral Manfred Max-Neef and the artist Hernán Miranda. Artists that have had exhibitions at MAC include: Nicanor Parra and Juan Francisco Salazar. MAC was built in the same site of the old Anwandter Brewery that collapsed during the 1960 Valdivia earthquake.
 The Roberts House is a historic building in Canonsburg Pennsylvania listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Huntersville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on CR 21 at WV 39 in Huntersville Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1854 and is a two-story rectangular frame building two bays wide and three bays deep. It features a three-story bell tower centered on the front facade and added in 1896. The second floor was added at the same time by Huntersville Masonic Lodge Number 65 for use as a lodge hall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Vasco da Gama Tower (Portuguese: Torre Vasco da Gama pronounced: [ˈtoʁ(ɨ) ˈvaʃku dɐ ˈɡɐmɐ]) is a 145 m lattice tower with skyscraper in Lisbon Portugal built over the Tagus river. It is named after Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama who was the first European to arrive in India by sail in 1498.The architects of the tower were Leonor Janeiro Nick Jacobs and SOM (Skidmore Owings and Merrill).
 The Hermitage of Nossa Senhora dos Anjos is a hermitage/chapel located in the village of Anjos on the northcoast of the civil parish of Vila do Porto (municipality of the same name) on the island of Santa Maria in the Portuguese Azores.
 Lavenham Guildhall is a Grade I listed sixteenth century timber framed building in Lavenham Suffolk.
 Art Plural Gallery is an art gallery in Singapore. It shows modern and contemporary art and design.
 The Mikulich General Store is a commercial building located at the junction of County Roads 1 and 44 in Limestone Township Traunik Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1987.
 The Bramalea City Centre is a large shopping mall located in the city of Brampton Ontario Canada. With over a 1.5 million square feet of retail space and more than 300 outlets it is one of Canada's largest shopping malls.
 The Shrine of Our Lady of Europe is a Roman Catholic parish church and national shrine of Gibraltar located at Europa Point. The church is dedicated to Our Lady of Europe the Catholic patroness of Gibraltar.It belongs to the European Marian Network which links twenty Marian sanctuaries in Europe (as many as the number of decades in the Rosary).
 The Orleans County Courthouse Historic District is one of two located in downtown Albion New York United States. Centered around Courthouse Square it includes many significant buildings in the village such as its library post office and churches from seven different denominations one of which is the tallest structure in the county. Many buildings are the work of local architect William V.N. Barlow with contributions from Solon Beman and Andrew Jackson Warner.
 Huey P. Long House on Laurel Street in Shreveport Louisiana was built in 1918. It was listed on the NRHP in 1991.
 Vanevan Monastery (Armenian: Վանևան) is a monastery located along a gorge south of the village Artsvanist slightly south-east of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The main church of Saint Grigor was built in 903 by Prince Shapuh Bagratuni and his sister Mariam siblings of King Smbat I. The church located on the right side (facing the monastery) may have been built around the same time but the gavit between the two was added later.
 Parachute tower in Baku is a construction of 75 meters height located in Baku Boulevard and which was built in form of derrick. It was opened in 1936 and is one of the tourist attractions of the capital of Azerbaijan.
 The Farmers State Bank at 601 Main in Adams Nebraska was built in 1908. It served as a bank from 1908 to 1936 and then served as a post office.
 Bhadra Fort is situated in the walled city area of Ahmedabad India. It was built by Ahmad Shah I in 1411. With its well carved royal palaces mosques and gates it is being renovated by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and Archeological Survey of India (ASI) as a cultural centre for the city.
 Key Bank Center formerly the Puget Sound National Bank Building is a 16 floor high-rise in Tacoma Washington. When completed as the National Realty Building in 1911 the 71 m (233 ft) tower was the tallest building in the state of Washington until surpassed by Seattle's Smith Tower in 1914.
 The Dexter Pratt House is an historic house at 54 Brattle Street in Cambridge Massachusetts.The house was built in 1808 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Dexter Pratt was the village blacksmith that inspired Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem The Village Blacksmith. Longfellow published the poem in 1841 as part of Ballads and Other Poems which also collected The Wreck of the Hesperus. The poem proved to be popular.
 Stanwell Place was a manor house and associated estate and tenant farms located to the west of the village of Stanwell Middlesex. Built from the 17th century during the early part of the 20th century it was sold off to create a reservoir and series of local small holdings.The manor house was constructed in the 17th century at least laying about half a mile to the west of the village north of Park Road.
 The Taiwan Hinoki Museum (Chinese: 希諾奇台灣檜木博物館; pinyin: Xīnuòqí Táiwān Guìmù Bówùguǎn) is a museum about hinoki trees in West District Chiayi City Taiwan.
 The Christopher Center for Library and Information Resources is the newly constructed library on the campus of Valparaiso University in Valparaiso Indiana. As the intellectual center of campus the Christopher Center was designed to bring all campus information services to a single location while best serving the needs of students. The Christopher Center is Valparaiso's fourth library and replaces the former Henry F.
 The Ezekiel Kelsey House is a historic landmark in the town of Berlin Connecticut. It is located at 429 Beckley Road.The house was owned by Ezekiel Kelsey who was the sixth of eleven children born to John Kelsey and Mary Buck.Ezekiel was born in Wethersfield Connecticut on January 16 1713.
 Adaland also known as Modisett Mansion is a historic home located at Berryburg Barbour County West Virginia. It was built in 1868 and is a two story L-shaped Greek Revival style brick house. It sits on a cut fieldstone foundation. Also on the property are a contributing carriage house (1872) and 19th century barn. The property was purchased by Ira E. Robinson in 1920. It is open as a historic house museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Chalfant Church is a historic church in Warsaw Ohio.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 The AT&T City Center is a 30 story 390 foot (119 m) office building located in Birmingham Alabama. Completed in 1972the building was originally known as the South Central Bell Building and served as the corporate headquarters for South Central Bell and its five-state operating territory.In 1998 the building was renamed the BellSouth City Center after completing an $80 million renovation. Renovations were done by Brasfield & Gorrie.
 First National Bank is an historic site at 157--163 Main Street in Lewiston Maine.The bank was built in 1903 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.
 Pertamina Energy Tower is a 99-story 1 738 feet (530 m) Indonesian skyscraper in Jakarta which will be completed in 2020.
 The Volta Regional Museum is a museum in Ho Ghana. Established in 1973 it focuses on ethnographic history.
 Prince Osborne House built in 1700 is a historic First Period house at 273 Maple Street in Danvers Massachusetts.The First Period house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Soldiers and Sailors Monument is a 43-foot (13 m) tall Gothic Revival memorial which stands in Penn Square in downtown Lancaster Pennsylvania. It was dedicated on July 4 1874 at its present site on the Northeast intersection of King and Queen Streets. The monument's original intention was to pay tribute to Lancastrian Union soldiers killed during the American Civil War.
 Paulton Memorial Hospital is a small community hospital located in the village of Paulton Somerset approximately 12 miles from the City of Bath.There are 28 beds for inpatients in the hospital ward including 5 single rooms and the largest bay having 7 beds. An outpatient service operates 5 days a week Monday to Friday. NHS Bath and North East Somerset contract in Consultants time from 2 local acute trusts to provide specialist local outpatient service.
 Thomas Oliver House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Queen Anne style brick dwelling built in 1891.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Eđšeg (Serbian Cyrillic: Еђшег; Hungarian: Egység; name is of Hungarian origin and means Unity in English or Jedinstvo (Јединство) in Serbian) is a chateau built in 1889 located in Novi Sad Serbia. It was built to honor hundred year anniversary of the shooting sport club Građansko streljačko društvo. After World War 2 it was nationalized and for a while given for use to the shooting club Jedinstvo (Јединство) for which the chateau was named.
 Notre Dame is a Roman Catholic church in Easton Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Leeds is a redundant Anglican church in the centre of the city of Leeds West Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner refers to it as the only church at Leeds of more than local interest.
 Fort Santiago (Spanish: Fuerte de Santiago Tagalog: Moog ng Santiago) is a citadel first built by Spanish conquistador Miguel López de Legazpi for the new established city of Manila in the Philippines. The defense fortress is part of the structures of the walled city of Manila referred to as Intramuros (within the walls). The fort is one of the most important historical sites in Manila. Several lives were lost in its prisons during the Spanish Colonial Period and World War II.
 Jethro Wood House was the home of Jethro Wood inventor of a cast-iron plow with replaceable parts that was the first commercially successful iron plow. He received a patent for this in 1814 which was extended in 1819. He spent his earnings fighting patent infringements.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.The house is located on Poplar Ridge Road in Poplar Ridge in Cayuga County New York.
 Silver Lake Institute Historic District is a national historic district located at Silver Lake in Wyoming County New York. The district consists of 13 acres (5.3 ha) and is historically significant because of its association with the Silver Lake Institute a Methodist affiliated camp facility established in 1873.
 Notre Dame de la Motte is a chapel located at the top of the hill de la Motte in Vesoul (France).
 The Brothers-O'Neil House is fully developed example of Bungalow architecture. The gable roof is pierced by a traditional roof dormer and exterior brick chimney on the south elevation. The front porch is supported by two large wire-cut brick columns. The foundation is concrete with a sandstone plinth. Side gables have a shingle wall treatment above the first floor while the other walls have aluminum siding.
 New Brighton Village Hall is a historic village hall located at New Brighton Staten Island New York. It was built between 1868 and 1871 in the Second Empire style. It is a three story brick building with a mansard roof sheathed with gray slate shingles.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.Due to neglect it was torn down in February 2004.
 The Dr. Ralph Lyman Bosworth House located in Corvallis Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Cathedral of the Assumption is a Catholic cathedral located in Majuro Republic of the Marshall Islands. It is the seat of the Apostolic Prefecture of the Marshall Islands.
 Beauregard Parish Jail is a former jailhouse in DeRidder Louisiana built in 1914 in the Gothic Revival architecture style. It is referred to as the Gothic jail or the Hanging jail. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 17 1981. The jail is owned by the Beauregard Parish Police Jury. The Beauregard Parish Rehabilitation Committee serves under the direction of the Police Jury with the primary duty of the preserving the jail.
 Dubai Outlet Mall (DOM) is a shopping mall part of Dubai Outlet City in Dubai UAE. The shopping mall is located in Dubailand. The mall opened in August 2007 and is located on the Dubai-Al Ain Road (Route 66) near the Dubai Bypass Road interchange after Dubai Academic City.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church of East Cleveland is a current and historic church in East Cleveland Ohio. It was built in 1846 and it was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is credited to the firm of Coburn Barnum & Benes.
 Great Northern Railway Buildings is a National Historic Landmark that now includes five complexes of buildings in Glacier National Park.
 The Ritz Apartment (also known as The Ritz-Ocala Apartments or The Acker-Ritz Apartments) is a historic building in Ocala Florida at 1205 East Silver Springs Boulevard. On August 21 1986 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Canter's Deli is a Jewish-style delicatessen opened in 1931 in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles California near the border of West Hollywood. It has been frequented by many notable movie stars and celebrities.The restaurant has continued to serve traditional Jewish food items including: lox and bagels corned beef matzoh ball soup or challah.
 The Phoenix Opera House Block is a historic building in Rushville Illinois. Built in 1882 the building housed commercial businesses on the first floor and an opera house on the second floor. The opera house hosted traveling performers and theater companies as well as local social events. The opera house closed in 1910 as churches began to host the town's social functions and the local movie theater provided entertainment. From 1924 to 1956 the opera house served as a Masonic lodge.
 The St. Mary's Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 108 Northwest Horry Street in Madison Florida in the United States. April 28 1997 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Yucheng Postal Stop (Chinese: 盂城驿; pinyin: Yúchéng yì) also called Yucheng Post is located in the Postal Lane outside the South Gate of Gaoyou Jiangsu China west of the Grand Canal. It is currently the largest and most completely preserved ancient courier station in China where couriers changed horses and rested. The stop has been listed in the fourth group of National Key Cultural Relics Protection Units since 1996.
 Robert Liddle Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1850 by noted master carpenter Alexander Delos Boss Jones. It is a 2-story three-bay clapboard-sided frame farmhouse in the Greek Revival style. It has a 1 1⁄2-story east wing with a hipped roof. It features a wide frieze and prominent corner pilasters.
 Kanebogen Church (Norwegian: Kanebogen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county Norway. It is located in the Kanebogen area in the town of Harstad. The church is part of the Kanebogen parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The church was built in 1999 to replace the old Fredly Chapel that burned down in 1984. The church was designed by architect Jim Myrstad and it seats 120 people but can be expanded up to 500 people.
 The University Church of St Mary the Virgin (St Mary's or SMV for short) is the largest of Oxford's parish churches[citation needed] and the centre from which the University of Oxford grew. It is situated on the north side of the High Street and is surrounded by university and college buildings.St Mary's possesses an eccentric baroque porch designed by Nicholas Stone facing High Street and a spire which is claimed by some church historians to be one of the most beautiful in England.
 The Philtower Building is a landmark of Tulsa Oklahoma located at 427 S Boston. The building which was completed in 1928 is an example of neo-gothic and art deco architecture. It was designed by Edward Buehler Delk and financed by renowned oilman and dedicated philanthropist Waite Phillips (1883–1964).
 Horton House (also known as Horton-duBignon House Brewery Ruins duBignon Cemetery) is a historic site on Riverview Drive in Jekyll Island Georgia.The tabby house was originally constructed in 1743 by Major William Horton a top military aide to General James Oglethorpe. Horton also brewed beer in Georgia's first brewery (the ruins of which are a few hundred yards down the road).
 Ladd's Castle (also known as Candor Hall) is a historic building at 1337 Lafayette Avenue in the Colonial Manor section of West Deptford Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States.It was built around 1688 by William Ladd a surveyor who purportedly helped William Penn to plan out Philadelphia. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The YWCA Building at 1040 Richards Street Honolulu Hawaii popularly called the Richards Street Y is now officially named Laniākea which means 'open skies' or 'wide horizons' in the Hawaiian language. It was designed by San Francisco architect Julia Morgan who considered it one of her favorites.
 Bowlsby-Degelleke House is located in Parsippany-Troy Hills Morris County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 15 1978.
 The Town Hall Square Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of Sandwich Massachusetts. The original 54-acre (22 ha) district was visually centered on Sandwich Town Hall Shawme Pond and the reconstructed Dexter Grist Mill. When first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 it was roughly bounded by Main Grove Water Sts. and Tupper Rd. from Beale Ave. to MA 6A.
 The Masonic Temple of Citrus Lodge No. 118 F. and A.M. refers to a historic 3-story building designed by prominent Florida architect Wilbur B. Talley and built in 1910 at the corner of West Main Street (now Old Main Street) and South Pine Avenue in Inverness Citrus County Florida. It is also known as Inverness Masonic Temple.
 Growden Mansion also known as Trevose Manor is a local historical landmark in Bensalem Township Pennsylvania USA.It played an important role in early Bucks County history. The mansion sits along the Neshaminy Creek in Bensalem a township that borders the northeast section of Philadelphia in the northeastern United States.
 The Château de Busset is a castle which has been developed into a château in the commune of Busset in the Allier département of France. It is the ancestral home of the Bourbon-Busset family. It is currently owned by a Swiss family.The castle is not open to the public. It has been listed since 1981 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Center of the Tokyo Raids and War Damage (東京大空襲・戦災資料センター Tōkyō Daikūshū Sensai Shiryō Sentā) is a museum in Tokyo Japan that presents information and artifacts related to the bombing of Tokyo during World War II. The museum opened in 2002 and was renovated in 2005 the 60th anniversary of the bombings. In 2012 the Center presented an exhibition of 700 previously unseen photos from the bombing.
 Shanghai Sixth People's Hospital (上海市第六人民医院) is a general hospital in Shanghai the People's Republic of China. It attained the rank of Grade 3 Class A and is belonged to Shanghai Health Care Bureau. The hospital is also an affiliated hospital to Shanghai Jiao Tong University as a teaching base of School of Medicine.The hospital has 1466 standard beds and actual opening beds are 1650. It comprises 33 clinical departments and 9 technical departments.
 The Lake Haiyaha Trail is a historic hiking trail in Rocky Mountain National Park near Estes Park Colorado. The trail is also known as or subsumes Nymph Lake Trail and Dream Lake Trail. It goes from Bear Lake up past Nymph Lake then past Dream Lake up to Lake Haiyaha.The trail was built between 1930 and 1935 by landscape architect Allison van V. Dunn of the National Park Service. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2008.
 The Pousada da Ria (also known as the Pousada of Murtosa) is situated in the civil parish of Torreira in the municipality of Murtosa district of Aveiro. It is part of the Pousadas de Portugal network of hostels classified under the Pousada of Nature designation.
 Perry County Courthouse in Perryville Arkansas was built in 1888. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Vancouver Marriott Pinnacle Downtown is a CAA/AAA Four Diamond hotel in Vancouver Canada.The hotel is a 38-floor high-rise building which lies between the West End and Coal Harbour and has 432 rooms and 6 suites although 434 rooms has also been reported. The hotel has a lofty glass atrium lobby and the hotel is decorated in modern pale woods and neutral tones.
 Calvary Presbyterian Church (Calvary Church) is located in the Marquette University district of downtown Milwaukee Wisconsin. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986.
 Lucile Packard Children's Hospital (LPCH) is a children's hospital which is part of the Stanford University system. It is located adjacent to the campus at 725 Welch Road Palo Alto California. It was founded in 1991. It is staffed by over 650 physicians and 4750 staff and volunteers. It specializes in the care of babies children adolescents and expectant mothers.
 Eureka is a historic home located near Baskerville Mecklenburg County Virginia. It was designed by Jacob W. Holt and built between 1854 and 1859. The house is two stories tall and three bays wide with a central three-story tower embellished with a third story balcony on the facade. The house is representative of the Italian Villa style. It features a one-story porch and the interior features interior graining and marbleizing and custom-made furniture.
 Highland Christian Church is a historic church at 102 E. Main Street in Highland Kansas.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 The Grand Hotel now called the Oberoi Grand is situated in the heart of Kolkata on Jawaharlal Nehru Road (earlier known as Chowringhee Road). It is an elegant building of British era and is a famous building in Kolkata. The hotel is owned by Oberoi chain of hotels.
 Mount Zion Methodist Episcopal Church South also known as Mount Zion United Methodist Church is a historic church in Lawrence County Tennessee near the Fall River community.It was built in 1885 replacing a log church that was destroyed in a fire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Albert S. Brandeis Elementary School is a former elementary school in Louisville Kentucky that began operation in 1913. It is listed as a historic building with the National Register of Historic Places. It was patterned after the Charlton House in England. It was designed by J. Earl Henry the renowned early 20th century Louisville architect. The historic building is located at 1001 South 26th Street. The school itself operates at 2817 W. Kentucky St. in a modern facility.
 The Bowen-Campbell House also known as the Bowen Plantation House is a two-story Federal style brick house located in Goodlettsville Sumner County Tennessee.
 The Raven Lounge is an independently-owned and operated music venue and club in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located in the heart of the enter Center City neighborhood.
 The Paris Elks Lodge No. 812 Building is a historic building located at 111 E. Washington St. in Paris Illinois. The building served as a meeting place for the Paris lodge of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks. The building was constructed in 1927 25 years after the Paris Lodge was chartered. Architect Everett Blackman a member of the lodge designed the building in the Mediterranean Revival style.
 Hockley also known as Erin and Cowslip Green is a historic estate located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. The core of the main house was built about 1840 then added to in 1857 and modified to its present form in 1901 and 1906. It is a 2 1/2-story five bay frame dwelling on a brick foundation. The front facade features two flanking two-story 12 feet in diameter octagonal towers each with original copper finials at the peak.
 50 Hudson Street is a 500 ft (152m) tall approved skyscraper in Jersey City New Jersey. It will be completed 2010 and have 30 floors. It was originally planned to be only 185 feet but the Jersey City Planning Board approved the height extension on September 19 2006.
 Camp Nelson Confederate Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Cabot in northern Lonoke County Arkansas and is the site of Confederate military camp where 1500 Confederate soldiers died during an epidemic during the fall of 1862.Camp Nelson is located on Rye Drive just off Cherry Road just off Mt. Carmel Road in north Lonoke County about 2 miles east of Cabot.Camp Nelson was a central staging point in central Arkansas for Confederate troops gathering from Texas and Arkansas.
 The Derby Waterfront District in Salem Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city. It encompasses properties along Derby Street which parallels the waterfront eastward from the Salem Maritime National Historic Site to its junction with Fort Avenue and includes properties on the side streets between Derby and the waterfront.
 New Empire was a cinema hall in South Mumbai located in close proximity to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus. It closed down on March 21 2014 after being in existence for over a century due to persistent losses suffered by the owners.
 The John Humphrey House in Simsbury Connecticut at 115 E. Weatogue St. was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It is a Colonial two-story frame house built approximately 1760. The estimate of the building date comes partially from land records and partially from the location of the bake oven in the kitchen.It is significant as a preserved example of a colonial house with a more modern wing.
 University Hospital now called Interim LSU Hospital (ILH) is a teaching hospital located in New Orleans Louisiana. It is part of LCMC Health.
 Château de Beauséjour is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 White Bush alternately spelled Whitebush is one of Berkeley County West Virginia's oldest brick mansions. It was built circa 1781-1785 by Archibald Shearer who had purchased the entire bend of the Potomac River in this area about 1200 acres (4.9 km2). The area at that time was part of Frederick County Virginia. The property was formerly owned by Lord Fairfax Thomas Fairfax 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron but was confiscated as British property during the American Revolutionary War.
 Tenshōzan Renge-in Kōmyō-ji (天照山蓮華院光明寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Jōdo sect in Zaimokuza near Kamakura Japan the only major one in the city to be close to the sea. Kōmyō-ji is number one among the Kantō Jūhachi Danrin (関東十八檀林) a group of 18 Jōdo temples established during the Edo period by Tokugawa Ieyasu and dedicated to both the training of priests and scholarly research. It is also the sect's head temple for the Kantō region.
 Cedarhurst Center for the Arts is a visual and performing arts institution in Mount Vernon Illinois. Located on a 90-acre campus it offers classes in art education drawing and painting ceramics and stained glass knitting and quilting and hosts concerts and community events. Among its facilities are the Mitchell Museum the Kuenz Sculpture Park the Shrode Art Center (art education) the Schweinfurth Historical Museum and a performance hall.
 Thompson Farm also known as the Pierson Farm is a historic home and farm located in London Britain Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It has five contributing buildings. They are a brick farmhouse a stone and frame bank barn (c. 1800) frame outhouse chicken house and corn crib. The farmhouse was built in 1833 and expanded in 1857.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Old Mission Dam located in San Diego California was the first major irrigation project on the Pacific coast of the United States. Located along the San Diego River the stone and cement dam is 220 ft long (67 m) 13 ft wide (4.0 m) at its base and 12 ft high (3.7 m). Water was released for a sawmill and irrigation at the Mission San Diego de Alcalá 5 miles (8.0 km) away.It is now part of Mission Trails Regional Park the largest municipal park in California.
 Vestre Fængsel is the main jail of the Danish capital Copenhagen. Erected in 1895 it is Denmark's largest prison with a total capacity of 530 inmates. It primarily houses pretrial detainees not convicted felons.During much of the German occupation of Denmark Vestre Fængsel was operated by German police.In relationship with the Copenhagen Climate Council the jail will be rebuilt so that it can contain some 400 extra prisoners.
 The House at 64 Main Street in Southbridge Massachusetts is a vernacular Queen Anne Victorian house built around the turn of 20th century. It was built for George Wells president of the American Optical Company as a property to rent to factory workers. Its styling includes a wraparound porch and diamond-pattern shingles in the gable end as well as patternwork in the slate roof.
 Brown Building also known as the Ream Building is a historic commercial building located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was designed in 1898 by noted Morgantown architect Elmer F. Jacobs. It is a four-story eclectic style brick building. It has a flat roof and projecting cornice. It has a ball finial and parapet centered on the front facade.
 The St. Francis Square is a complex of three buildings located in Ortigas Center Mandaluyong Philippines. Groundbreaking and construction began on 1999 and was completed on 2000. Due to some controversies regarding the St. Francis Square Group of Companies construction and the finishing of interiors were halted. Construction resumed in 2009 and the building was finished on 2011.
 Kip-Beekman-Heermance Site is a historic archaeological site located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. The site includes the ruins of the Kip-Beekman-Heermance House built 1700 by Hendrick Kip Patentee. It was also the home of Col. Henry Beekman Jr. later of his Grandson Col. Henry Brockholst Livingston (1757 - 1823). It was destroyed by fire in the early 20th century.
 The Powelton also known as the Powelton Apartments is a historic apartment complex located in the Powelton Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in two phases; in 1902 and 1910. The first section was designed by noted architect Willis G. Hale (1848-1907) as a set of ten houses massed as six units. It was converted to apartments by Milligan & Webber in 1910.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Vegan Treats Bakery is a vegan bakery located in Bethlehem Pennsylvania. The bakery serves restaurants in DC Philadelphia and New York City as well as has its own retail store at 1444 Linden Street Bethlehem.Vegan Treats Bakery has been in operation since 1998. The bakery is completely vegan using no animal by-products in any of its goods.Vegan Treats owner Danielle Konya grew up in Northampton County Pennsylvania and has kept her business local in the Lehigh Valley.
 Providence Sacred Heart Medical Center & Children’s Hospital is a 628-bed medical facility in Spokane Washington. It employs more than 4000 health care professionals and support staff. Its medical staff consists of over 800 specialists and primary care doctors.
 Holy Cross Church Kurla is a Roman Catholic Church in Kurla a suburb of Mumbai India. It was built during the Portuguese era by the Jesuits in 1588 and rebuilt in 1848. It is one of the oldest churches in Mumbai. The church belongs to the Archdiocese of Bombay.
 China Art Objects Galleries is a contemporary art gallery in Los Angeles instrumental to the recent history of art in Los Angeles.
 Gardiner Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Walton in Delaware County New York. The district contains three contributing buildings. They are the Village Hall Ogden Free Library and the separately listed U.S. Post Office.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wooroloo Prison Farm is an Australian minimum-security prison located in Wooroloo Western Australia. It was established in 1972 under an arrangement that it would offer some of its amenities to the community of Wooroloo. It was previously the site of a sanatorium.The Wooroloo Sanatorium was officially opened on 1 May 1915 designed by two Western Australian Principal Architects Hillson Beasley and William HardwickThe complex operated as a tuberculosis sanatorium until 1959.
 Pelota Fronton is a Basque pelota ball court and landmark in Jordan Valley Oregon United States. The court was built in 1915 and was last used regularly in 1935 the court remains a symbol of Basque culture in the region.
 The New Providence Wharf is a residential development in London's Docklands at the north end of the Blackwall Tunnel. It was designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill and is being developed by Ballymore a property development company.It consists of a crescent-shaped block along Fairmont Avenue and Yabsley Street plus two skyscrapers. The Ontario Tower has already been built but the taller Quebec Tower is apparently on hold.
 The Josiah Quincy House /ˈkwɪnzi/ located at 20 Muirhead Street in the Wollaston neighborhood of Quincy Massachusetts was the country home of Revolutionary War soldier Colonel Josiah Quincy I the first in a line of six illustrious Josiah Quincys that included three Boston mayors and a president of Harvard University.Having inherited the land from father Edmund Josiah built his mansion on a 200-acre (0.81 km2) farm called the Lower Farm which had been in the family since 1635.
 Centracare is a Canadian psychiatric hospital in South Bay New Brunswick a suburb of Saint John.Operated by Horizon Health Network it is a modern 50-bed tertiary care facility.
 Fort Mattapony is a historic archaeological site located near Walkerton King and Queen County Virginia. It sits on the second rise over-looking both Walkerton and Locust Grove. This fortification was built about 1653 and was to house 40 well equipped soldiers and horses. A 10-square-foot building was also constructed to house their ammunition. It was laid out by Edward Digges and was commanded by Major Thomas Walker who patented Locust Grove.
 Bellemonte Silk Mill also known as Welwood Silk Mill and Sherman Underwear Mills is a historic mill located at Hawley Wayne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1880-1881 and rebuilt in 1894 after a fire. It is a three- to five-story long and narrow bluestone building in a High Victorian Gothic style. It features a castellated roof parapet. It has a one-story shed roofed engine house addition. The mill is locally considered to be the largest bluestone building in the world.
 Public School 9 originally known as Grammar School 9 then later the John Jasper School and currently the Mickey Mantle School is a historic school building at 466 West End Avenue at West 82nd Street in the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1894-96 and was designed by C. B. J. Snyder the Superintendent of School Buildings.The building was listed on the U.S.
 Gen. Thomas Lincoln House is a historic house located at 104 Field Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1805 for Thomas Lincoln who served in the Revolutionary War and was appointed to the rank of Brigadier General in 1809. The large 2-1/2 story Federal Period central chimney house is built on a traditional 5 x 4 plan with a detailed central front doorway topped by a semi-elliptical fanlight. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Pierce Farm Historic District is a small historic district in the Arlington Heights neighborhood of Arlington Massachusetts. The district features three houses that are in a transitional style between Federal and Greek Revival styles dating from the 1830s. The houses are located at 122 and 123 Claremont Avenue and 178 Oakland Avenue.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St John the Evangelist Knotty Ash is a church in the Knotty Ash area of Liverpool Merseyside England.It is on Thomas Lane and was built 1834-6. The architects were Williams and Edwards and it was built by Richard and Paul Barker of Huyton in red ashlar sandstone. There is a narrow west tower with recessed spire and thin polygonal buttresses. It has tall church sides with three light perpendicular windows and thin buttresses.
 Polhill Anglo-Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used in the seventh and eighth centuries CE. It is located close to the hamlet of Polhill near Sevenoaks in Kent South-East England. Belonging to the Middle Anglo-Saxon period it was part of the much wider tradition of burial in Early Anglo-Saxon England.Polhill was an inhumation-only cemetery with no evidence of cremation. An estimated 180 to 200 graves were placed there containing between 200 and 220 individuals.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 260 S. Pine Street in Spalding Nebraska. It has also been known as St. Andrew Community Church.Extending out from a 1904 church building the current building was designed by architects Grabe and Helleberg and was built in 1921.It was added to the National Register in 2004.
 White Oaks is a ghost town in Lincoln County New Mexico United States. Located on the outskirts of the Lincoln National Forest it became a boomtown in 1879 following the discovery of gold and coal in the nearby Jicarilla Mountains.
 Cook's Old Field Cemetery (also known as Hamlin Cemetery) contains graves dating from 1805 to 1916; the majority date from the 1840s and 1850s. The oldest marker is for Arnold Wells who died in 1805.
 The Calumet Hotel is a building complex located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Maj. John Burrowes Mansion is located in Matawan Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The mansion was built in 1723 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29 1972.
 The Samuel Crockett House also known as Forge Seat is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It was home of Samuel Crockett son of Andrew Crockett whose home is also NRHP-listed as Andrew Crockett House.
 The Second Baptist Church in Poughkeepsie New York United States is located at the corner of Vassar and Mill streets. It is a wooden building from the late 1830s in the Greek Revival architectural style the only remaining church in the city in that style.A number of congregations have used the building since it was first erected.
 Christ Church Greyfriars also known as Christ Church Newgate Street was a church in Newgate Street opposite St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London. Established as a monastic church in the thirteenth century it became a parish church after the dissolution of the monastery. Following its destruction in the Great Fire of London of 1666 it was rebuilt to the designs of Sir Christopher Wren. Except for the tower the church was largely destroyed by bombing during the Second World War.
 Dr. William Henderson House also known as the Fox House is a historic home located at Hummelstown Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1854 and is a three-story brick style townhouse on a stone foundation. It has brownstone window sills and stoop. There is a three-story rear extension and on that a one-story frame addition dated to 1918.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Shield's Crossing is a complex of buildings in the Hamilton County portion of Loveland Ohio United States. It centers on the historic home of Edwin M. Shield which was built in 1868 under the leadership of Henry Crooks. A large two-story frame building built in the shape of the letter L the house was Shield's home from its construction until 1879.
 The Houses for Visiting Mathematicians (also known as the Mathematics Research Centre houses) are a set of five houses and two flats built for academics attending mathematical conferences at the University of Warwick.The buildings are Grade II* listed and were built between 1968 and 1969 to the design of architect William Howell and were opened in June of that year by then Vice-Chancellor Jack Butterworth Sir Christopher Zeeman and William Howell.
 Kinbyōzan Zuisen-ji (錦屏山瑞泉寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Rinzai sect in Nikaidō's Momijigayatsu Valley (紅葉ヶ谷 Valley of the Autumn Leaves) near Kamakura Japan. During the Muromachi period it was the family temple of the Ashikaga rulers of Kamakura (the Kantō kubō): four of the five kubō are buried there in a private cemetery closed to the public and first kubō Ashikaga Motouji's is also known with the name Zuisen-ji-den (瑞泉寺殿).
 ifa gallery /ɪˈfɑː/ (Chinese: 艺法画廊; pinyin: Yìfǎ Huàláng) is a contemporary art gallery in Shanghai China and Brussels Belgium. The name ifa comes from Chinese 艺 (yì) (Chinese: 藝) and 法 (fǎ) meaning methods of art.Established in 2006 and directed by Alexis Kouzmine-Karavaïeff the ifa gallery explores perspectives on contemporary art in China and beyond.
 Bristol Cathedral — official dedication The Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity — is the Church of England cathedral in the city of Bristol England.
 Tanjō-ji (誕生寺) is a temple of the Nichiren Shū located in the city of Kamogawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan. Along with Kuon-ji in Yamanashi Prefecture Ikegami Honmon-ji in the south of Tokyo and Seichō-ji also in Kamogawa City Tanjō-ji is one of the Four Sacred Places of Nichiren Shū.
 The Museum of History of Polish Jews (Polish: Muzeum Historii Żydów Polskich) is a museum on the site of the former Warsaw Ghetto. The cornerstone was laid in 2007 and the museum was first opened on April 19 2013. The museum features a multimedia narrative exhibition about the vibrant Jewish community that flourished in Poland for a thousand years which is to become open to the public in October 2014.
 Camp Randall is a historic U.S. Army site in Madison Wisconsin named after Wisconsin Governor Alexander Randall.
 Spring Creek Correctional Center is an Alaska Department of Corrections maximum security prison for men located in Seward Alaska United States. The prison is located approximately 125 miles (201 km) south of Anchorage. The prison is located on about 328 acres (1.33 km2) of land surrounded by national parks. The prison capacity consists of over 500 inmates and 97 correctional officers. Built as a decentralized campus the prison construction was completed in 1988 at a cost of $44678000.
 Wilcox Farmhouse is a historic home located at Three Mile Bay in Jefferson County New York. It was built about 1839 and is a gable ell limestone house consisting of 2 1⁄2-story three-by-four-bay gable front block a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay-square lateral wing and a 1-story two-by-four-bay anterior wing extending behind the lateral wing. Also on the property is a contemporary privy.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Minnesota Boat Club Boathouse on Raspberry Island is the home of the Minnesota Boat Club a rowing club founded in 1870. It is Minnesota's oldest athletic organization. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and is located in Saint Paul Minnesota.
 The Grocers' Apartments (German: Krameramtsstuben) are historic buildings on Krayenkamp near St. Michaelis Church in the Neustadt district of Hamburg Germany. Formerly homes for widows of members of the Grocers’ Institute (Krameramtswohnungen) the 1620 to 1700 built timber-framed buildings form the last of the 17th century enclosed courtyards of Hamburg.
 Le Quartier Français is a restaurant and hotel in Franschhoek South Africa near Stellenbosch. The property has thirteen rooms eight suites and a cottage that overlook a landscaped garden with a natural pool.[citation needed]The restaurant ranked 36th best restaurant in the world in Restaurant magazine's Top 50 in 2011. The chef is Margot Janse. It is regarded as the best restaurant in Africa and the Middle East.
 The San Fernando Building is an Italian Renaissance Revival style building built in 1906 in downtown Los Angeles California. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 converted into lofts in 2000 and declared a Historic-Cultural Monument in 2002.
 Dedicated to Saint Ethelbert and Saint Gertrude St Ethelbert's is a Roman Catholic Church on Hereson Road in Ramsgate. The church was designed by Peter Paul Pugin and constructed by W.W. Martin & Sons of Dane Park Road Ramsgate. It currently serves as the primary church for the parish.
 Borwick Hall is a 16th-century manor house at Borwick Lancashire. It is a Grade I listed building and is now used as a residential outdoor education and conference centre by Lancashire County Council.
 Capita Centre also known as the Castlereagh Centre is a skyscraper in Sydney Australia. Located at 9-11 Castlereagh Street it is 183 metres (600 ft) tall from spire and 158 metres (518 ft) tall from roof. The building was designed by Harry Seidler & Associates.The structural engineer was Miller Milston & Ferris and the builder was Civil & Civic.
 Boone Hospital Center is a county-owned not-for-profit hospital in Columbia Missouri USA. The hospital is administered by BJC HealthCare based in St. Louis Missouri. The hospital is a regional referral center providing services to twenty-five Mid-Missouri counties. The hospital employs over 2000 people making it one of the larger employers in Columbia.
 The Evanston Main Post Office in Evanston Wyoming was built in 1905 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Evanston was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. It was NRHP-listed as U.S. Post Office-Evanston Main.
 The Jacob Stanton House is a historic house at 21 Washington Street in Winchester Massachusetts USA. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1840 by Deacon Nathan Brooks Johnson a local blacksmith. It is Winchester's only high-style temple-front Greek Revival house. After Johnson's death it was purchased by Jacob Stanton who built the Brown & Stanton Block in downtown Winchester.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Jenks Park & Cogswell Tower are part of a historic site on 580 Broad Street in Central Falls Rhode Island.The site was built in 1890 by Alber Humes and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.Jenks Park and Cogswell Tower: 1890 1904. This small 4-acre (1.6 ha) park was the gift of Alvin Jenks to the city in which his progenitors had pioneered the manufacture of textile machinery. The designer of the park is unknown.
 All Saints Church Holdenby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Holdenby Northamptonshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Temple Guiting Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in Gloucestershire England.
 Eastham House also known as Glenn Manor is a historic home located at Point Pleasant Mason County West Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a two story L-shaped brick residence with a low-pitched slate covered gable roof in the Greek Revival-style. Also on the property is a contributing c. 1820 smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Feriye Palace (Turkish: Feriye Sarayı) is a complex of Ottoman imperial palace buildings along the European shoreline of the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul Turkey. Currently the buildings host educational institutions such as a high school and a university.The palace complex was commissioned by Sultan Abdülaziz (reigned 1861–76) in 1871 and designed by architect Sarkis Balyan. The buildings were built to meet the need of the extended family members of the imperial court for residence.
 The Olympic Apartment Building is a building located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Tavern is located at 214 E. 3rd St. Little Rock Arkansas. It was built in 1820 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Basilica of St. James is a parish church in the Diocese of Fargo as well as a minor basilica located in the Jamestown North Dakota United States. It served briefly as a cathedral in the 19th century. St. James Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Sheldon Swope Art Museum in Terre Haute Indiana was originally funded by a bequest from Michael Sheldon Swope (1843–1929) a Civil War veteran and jeweler who lived in Terre Haute much of his adult life. Planning for the art museum began on September 26 1939 and the museum was officially open to the public in March 1942.
 First Presbyterian Church of Pulaski is a historic church at 202 S. Second Street in Pulaski Tennessee.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Stordalen Chapel (Norwegian: Stordalen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Stordalen. The 100-seat wooden church was built in 1863. The church is part of the Meråker parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Elms Hotel and Spa is a historic resort hotel at Regent and Elms Boulevard in Excelsior Springs Missouri. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Santa Ynez Valley Cottage Hospital is a hospital in the city of Solvang California. It is owned and operated by Cottage Health Systems.The hospital was featured briefly in a scene of the 2004 film Sideways.
 Wesley Methodist Church is the oldest Methodist church with an English-speaking congregation in Singapore. It is located at 5 Fort Canning Road Singapore 179493.
 The Château de Clermont is a castle in the commune of Concorès in the Lot département of France.A 13th century tower contains a chapel. Significant alterations and additions were made in the 16th and 17th centuries. The castle was ruined during the Hundred Years' War and rebuilt at the end of the 15th century or beginning of the 16th. Pillaged and turned into a quarry during the French Revolution the building has been largely destroyed.
 The Checkerboard Inn also known as the Forshee-Jenkins House is a late-18th century frame building located on Mansion Ridge Golf Club in Monroe New York United States. Originally built as a house within a decade it went into service as an inn when the Orange Turnpike an early toll road through the area opened in 1802.
 Fairview Cemetery is a graveyard in Santa Fe New Mexico. It was for many years the only non-Catholic cemetery in the city. There are roughly 3700 people buried there. The graveyard is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The graveyard was established in its current location during the 1880s by James T. Newhall and Preston H. Kuhn.
 The McCaffrey House is an historic property located in LeClaire Iowa United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979. The property is part of the Houses of Mississippi River Men Thematic Resource which covers the homes of men from LeClaire who worked on the Mississippi River as riverboat captains pilots builders and owners. The vernacular Italianate style residence is constructed of wood.
 Jakarta Cathedral (Indonesian: Gereja Katedral Jakarta) is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in Jakarta Indonesia which is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Jakarta currently Archbishop Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo. Its official name is Gereja Santa Maria Pelindung Diangkat Ke Surga (from Dutch De Kerk van Onze Lieve Vrouwe ten Hemelopneming in English: The Church of Our Lady of Assumption).
 The Thomas Hart Benton Home and Studio State Historic Site is located at 3616 Belleview Kansas City Missouri. The park was established in 1977 and preserves the house and studio of Missouri artist Thomas Hart Benton. Tours are provided that show the house and studio as he left it when he died on January 19 1975.
 Grove Mount is a historic plantation home located near Warsaw Richmond County Virginia. The main house was built about 1780-1800 and is a large two-story five bay Late Georgian style frame dwelling. It has a hipped roof and interior end chimneys. A kitchen wing was added in 1952 and an orangery added in 1989. Also on the property are the contributing late-18th century dairy a log corn crib and a late-19th or early-20th century frame outbuilding.
 Waterbury Center Methodist Church (Waterbury Center Community Church) is a historic church on VT 100 in Waterbury Center Vermont.It was built in 1833 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Central Nova Scotia Correctional Facility is a large prison in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada located in Burnside Industrial Park Dartmouth.
 Creich Castle is a ruined tower house near Creich Fife Scotland. The tower house is L-shaped and three to four storeys tall.
 The Andreas Michelsen Farmstead originally built in 1902 by Andreas himself as a two room house. In 1912 the house was added onto to make 7 rooms in total little has changed since. The homestead consists of a 1.5 storey Victorian style farmhouse with wraparound porch various outbuildings; including a barn granary calving shed coal shed machine shed corrals and pens and an outhouse; and landscape elements such as a dugout cistern and filter storage cellar and garden.
 Biederstatedt Grocery is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 HaYarkon 96 is a building of 9 floors of which its penthouse is considered to be the most expensive in Israel. The building was built by entrepreneurs Shlomo Grofman (former chairman of Africa-Israel) and Zalman Shoval (formerly Israeli US ambassador). The building became a Tel Aviv and world icon due to its special architecture.
 The Edinburg WPA Auditorium is a historic auditorium building at 67 Main Street in Edinburg North Dakota. The Art Deco structure was built in 1938 as part of the Works Progress Administration jobs program. It is a wood frame building two stories high sheathed in boards to which a stucco finish has been applied. There is a central projecting section on the front facade.
 Terminal Station in Chattanooga Tennessee is a former railroad station once owned and operated by the Southern Railway listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Chattanooga Choo Choo is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.The station was opened in 1909 and was the latest and largest station in Chattanooga's history.
 The State of Georgia Building alternately referenced as 2 Peachtree Street is a 44-story 566 feet (173 m) skyscraper located in downtown Atlanta Georgia U.S.. Built in 1966 the building was the tallest building in the Southeast at the time. It was Atlanta's tallest until 1976 when the Westin Peachtree Plaza surpassed it. It was built on the site of the Peachtree Arcade A. Ten Eyck Brown's 1917 covered shopping arcade which connected Peachtree and Broad streets.
 The John C. Stagg House is located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The home was built in 1812 by John C. Stagg on the foundation of a former house that was built by his father Cornelius Stagg. John Stagg operated a grocery store out of the basement of the house. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Midland Air Museum (MAM) is situated just outside the village of Baginton in Warwickshire England and is adjacent to Coventry Airport. The museum includes the Sir Frank Whittle Jet Heritage Centre (named after the local aviation pioneer and inventor of the jet engine) where many exhibits are on display in a large hangar. It also has a small hangar and a fenced-off green area where many aircraft are on display in the open.
 Citizens Hall is a historic building at 13 Willard Road in Interlaken a village of Stockbridge Massachusetts.The hall was built in 1870 as a public schoolhouse. It now houses the IS183 Art School of the Berkshires. The hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and included as a contributing property in the Old Curtisville Historic District in 1976.
 Zachariah Barley Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It includes the house (c. 1770) hoop shop with attached modern garage (c. 1860) and smokehouse (c. 1850). The house is a 1 1⁄2-story stone dwelling that is rectangular in shape and built upon a linear plan. The hoop shop is a 1 1⁄2-story heavy timer frame building with a gable roof. It features a massive exterior stone hearth.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Lovat Hotel is a hotel in Fort Augustus at the southern end of Loch Ness in Scotland originally built in the 1860s. It stands on the site of Kilwhimen Barracks one of only four Hanoverian forts built to pacify the Highlands after the 1715 & 1719 Jacobite uprisings.
 Kempegowda Museum is a government museum located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka India. It was established in the year 2011 is dedicated to Yelahanka chieftain Kempegowda (1513-1569) who is the founder of Bangalore city. The museum is located on the first floor of Mayo Hall. The museum has Kempegowda's statue as well as posters and pictures of forts temples reservoirs and inscriptions from his time.
 The Church Street-Caddy Hill Historic District originally known as the Church Street Historic District is a historic district in North Adams Massachusetts. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was expanded and renamed in 1985. The district encompasses the principal residential areas near the center of downtown.
 St Charles Borromeo is a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Middlesbrough and is the oldest post-reformation Catholic Church in the city of Kingston upon Hull England.The church is now a grade II* listed building.
 Skorpa Church (Norwegian: Skorpa kirke) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county Norway. It is located on the small island of Skorpa. The church is part of the Kvænangen parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1850 and it was consecrated on 18 September 1850 by the Bishop Daniel Bremer Juell. The church seats about 200 people.
 Barton's Club 93 is a hotel and casino in Jackpot Nevada. It is the largest privately held resort property in Jackpot and one of the main competitors of the Ameristar Casinos-owned Cactus Pete's and Horseshu Casino.
 Ruine Klöch is a castle in Styria Austria.
 The Aaron Martin Houses are a pair of historic houses at 188—194 Adams Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built between 1892 and 1900 these Colonial Revival houses have similar massing with hip roofs and double-window hip dormers. Windows on their main facades are treated with pediments incised with floral decoration and their porches have turned posts.
 Linden is a historic home located near Port Tobacco Charles County Maryland United States. It is a rambling frame house consisting of a 2 1⁄2-story main block with wings embodying many traditional characteristics of Tidewater architecture. The house is situated on the crest of a hill overlooking the Port Tobacco Valley. The home was begun early in the 1780s and enlarged about 1800 and in the late 1830s.
 The Mid-America Air Museum is an aerospace and aircraft museum located in Liberal Kansas at the Liberal Mid-America Regional Airport.Located within a hangar that formally belonged to Beech Aircraft and on an airfield that served as a B-24 Liberator training base during the Second World War the Mid-American Air Museum is the largest aircraft museum in Kansas and the fifth-largest in the United States.
 The Dahm House is a historic townhouse in Mobile Alabama. The two-story brick structure was built in 1873 for John Dahm. It was designed by Bassett Capps. A two-story frame addition was added in 1929. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 5 1984. In addition to being listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places it is also a contributing building to the Lower Dauphin Street Historic District.
 The Hotel Paramount in New York City is a hotel located at 235 West 46th Street to the west of Broadway. Designed by Thomas W. Lamb construction was completed in 1928. In 1988 the hotel was closed for an 18-month remodelling project. In 1990 the hotel under the ownership of Ian Schrager and redesigned by Philippe Starck reopened as the Paramount Hotel.
 Palmdale Regional Medical Center is a private hospital located in Palmdale California.This hospital was the most expensive hospital project Universal Health Services has ever undertaken at US$200 million. Adjacent to the hospital itself is a 60000-square-foot (5600 m2) medical office tower called the Palmdale Medical Plaza.
 The Hawkes Children's Library of West Point on West 8th Street in West Point Georgia was built in 1922. It is one of the Hawkes Children's Library buildings inspired and funded with support from Albert King Hawkes. The building is a work of architectural and engineering firm Robert & Co. and was constructed by Batson & Cook. It includes Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.
 McRaven was built ca.1797 by Andrew Glass in a town called Walnut Hills which is now Vicksburg Mississippi. In the Civil War era it was known as the Bobb House and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as such. McRaven got its current name from the street it is located on which was formerly called McRaven Street but is now Harrison Street. McRaven has been on the Mississippi Department of Archives and History's Historic Preservation list since January 8 1978.
 Parque Explora is an interactive science museum in Medellín Colombia loosely modeled after San Francisco's Exploratorium. It houses South America's largest freshwater aquarium Explora Aquarium. The museum also contains a 3D auditorium planetarium television studio and vivarium among other attractions.
 Market Drayton Methodist Church is a Methodist Church on Shrewsbury Road in Market Drayton Shropshire. It is part of the Market Drayton Churches Together group of churches and Market Drayton Food Bank.
 The Riverside Museum is a new development for the Glasgow Museum of Transport completed on 20 June 2011 at Pointhouse Quay in the Glasgow Harbour regeneration district of Glasgow Scotland. The next day it opened to the public. On 18 May 2013 the museum was announced as the Winner of the 2013 European Museum of the Year Award.
 The Elmira Civic Historic District is the area of downtown Elmira New York where the governmental center developed in the town's early history. It includes the Chemung County Courthouse Complex John Hazlett Office Building and the Arnot Art Museum/Icehouse all on Lake Street. Among the contributing buildings on Church Street are the Richardson Romanesque style Armory Building the Beaux Arts-style City Hall designed by J. H. Pierce and H. H. Bickford and the U. S. Post Office.
 Torre del Café (English: Coffee Tower) also known as Edificio del Café (English: Coffee Building) is a 36-storey high-rise commercial office skyscraper in the city municipality of Medellin. Although the starting date of its construction is unknown the Torre del Café was completed in 1975. Torre del Café is 160 metres (520 feet) high.
 The Colonial Cottage Museum is Wellington's oldest original cottage. It is the home to the story of the Wallis family who lived there for three generations. Tours are available to hear about these early European settlers and their descendants and the heritage garden is always open.
 The Former McLean County Courthouse in Washburn North Dakota was built in 1905 to replace a courthouse that burned and was used as a courthouse until 1917 when the new McLean County Courthouse was built. The building is now used as a county historical museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Solent Sky is an aviation museum in Southampton Hampshire previously known as Southampton Hall of Aviation.It depicts the history of aviation in Southampton the Solent area and Hampshire. There is special focus on the Supermarine aircraft company based in Southampton and its most famous products the Supermarine S.6 seaplane and the Supermarine Spitfire designed by R. J.
 The Meyer-Kiser Building (also known as the Dade Commonwealth Building) is a historic U.S. building in Miami Florida. It was built in 1925 the same year as the Dade County Courthouse. It is located at 139 NE 1st street. On January 4 1999 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Josaphat Cathedral is a Ukrainian Catholic cathedral in McCauley Edmonton Alberta one of the best examples of Byzantine Rite church architecture in Canada. It is the seat of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton and has been a cathedral (the seat of a bishop) since 1948.
 The Museo de la Arquitectura Ponceña (Museum of Ponce Architecture) is a museum in Ponce Puerto Rico that depicts the architectural styles and architectural history of Ponce and Puerto Rico. The house where the museum is located was acquired and restored by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture. The museum is located in the Ponce Historic Zone. The historic house was designed and built in 1912 by Alfredo B. Wiechers.
 Gunnarnes Chapel (Norwegian: Gunnarnes kapell) is a chapel in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Gunnarnes on the island of Rolvsøya. The chapel is part of the Måsøy parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1986 and it seats about 77 people.
 TZUM-Sofia (Bulgarian: ЦУМ abbreviated from Централен универсален магазин Tsentralen universalen magazin Central Department Store) is an upmarket department store in the centre of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria officially opened in 1957 and situated in a monumental edifice (part of The Largo complex) on one of the city's main boulevards.The store's construction began in 1955 and ended in the end of 1956 when the first customers entered TZUM.
 The Grand Doubletree also referred as The Grand is a skyscraper on the north side of Downtown Miami Florida United States. It lies within the Omni District. It was completed in 1986 and designed by the Atlanta architectural firm of Toombs Amisano and Wells. It is a condominium and hotel. Floors 3–9 are hotel rooms. Floors 10–42 contain over 830 condominium units. The hotel portion contains 152 rooms and was renovated in 2004.
 Coeur d' Alene's Old Mission State Park is a state park and National Historic Landmark in North Idaho USA. It is also known as the Mission of the Sacred Heart or Cataldo Mission. It contains the church itself the parish house and the surrounding property. Mission of the Sacred Heart is also the oldest standing building in Idaho.
 J. Eshelman and Company Store also known as The Square Deal Store is a historic general store located at Clarence Center in Erie County New York. It is a three story brick and cast iron commercial building constructed in the Italianate style in 1872. It exemplifies the type of brick and cast iron commercial building common to the region from the 1850s to the 1880s.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Beechworth Lunatic Asylum originally known as the haunted Mayday Hills Lunatic Asylum is a decommissioned hospital located in Beechworth a town of Victoria Australia. Mayday Hills Lunatic Asylum was the fourth such Hospital to be built in Victoria being one scariest of the three largest.
 Saga Prefectural Museum (佐賀県立博物館 Saga Kenritsu Hakubutsukan) opened in 1970 on the sannomaru site of Saga Castle in the city of Saga Japan in 1970. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture.The museum displays materials relating to the natural history archaeology history art craft and folklore of Saga Prefecture.
 The Pavilion for Japanese Art is a part of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art containing the museum's collection of Japanese works that date from approximately 3000 B.C. through the 20th century. The building itself was designed by renowned architect Bruce Goff.
 Bennington Street Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Bennington Street between Swift St. and Harmony St. in East Boston Massachusetts.The cemetery was established in 1838. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.The professional baseball player Red Woodhead was interred at the cemetery in 1881.
 St Mary's Church Rhodogeidio is a small medieval church dating from the 15th century near Llannerch-y-medd in Anglesey north Wales. It served as a chapel of ease to another church in the area St Ceidio's.
 The Fenner–Snyder Mill also known as Brinker's Mill and the Old Mill is a historic grist mill located on the McMicheal's creek in the village of Sciota in Hamilton Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1800 and is a large 2 1/2-story fieldstone and sided banked building. It has a tin roof added about 1860. It was in continuous milling operation until mid-April 1954.
 Bakka Church (Norwegian: Bakka kyrkje) is a parish church in Aurland Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Bakka on the shores of the sparsely populated Nærøyfjorden. The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The white wooden church which has about 200 seats was built in 1859. It was designed by the architect Christian Henrik Grosch and it was consecrated on 11 May 1859.
 The Massie Variety Store is located in New Canton Illinois a town in Pike County. The Store has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 2004 and can be found along Main Street in New Canton. The site is one of twelve in Pike County and the only one in New Canton listed on the Register. Some of Pike County's other sites include the Church of Christ in Perry the Shastid House in Pittsfield and the Barry Historic District in Barry Illinois.
 Morgan Chapel and Graveyard also known as Christ Episcopal Church-Bunker Hill is a historic church in Bunker Hill Berkeley County West Virginia. It is the oldest Episcopal church congregation in West Virginia.In 1741 Morgan Morgan one of West Virginia's earliest settlers built the original log church on this site and the cemetery was established. The current Greek Revival building was constructed in 1851.
 Spring Villa is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house on the outskirts of Opelika Alabama. Inspired by designs published by Andrew Jackson Downing the house is one of only about twenty remaining residential examples of Gothic Revival architecture remaining in the state.
 The River View is a historic home located at Oakley St. Mary's County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house that is one of the best preserved examples of its type in Lower Southern Maryland. It was built by the Gardiner family in the early 18th century then purchased by Ignatius Fenwick a prominent military figure in Maryland's Revolutionary War Navy.
 First United Church is a United Church of Canada congregation in Ottawa Canada. One of Ottawa's oldest congregations the church formed in 1846.
 The Church of Holy Cross is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 600 Soundview Avenue Bronx New York City. The church address is 600 Soundview Ave. Bronx NY 10473. The rectory address is the same.
 Dunstan Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church on U.S. Route 1 in Scarborough Maine.It was built in 1907 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa – formerly called the Mountain View House – is a historic grand hotel at 101 Mountain View Road in Whitefield New Hampshire United States.Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Fort Abercrombie in North Dakota was an American fort established by authority of an act of Congress March 3 1857. The act allocated twenty-five square miles of land on the Red River in Dakota Territory to be used for a military outpost but the exact location was left to the discretion of Lieutenant Colonel John J. Abercrombie. The fort was constructed in the year 1858.
 Central Congregational Church is an historic church at 100 Rock Street in Fall River Massachusetts. It was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey who also designed several other notable buildings in Fall River including the Academy Building and several city fire stations.The church was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was well known in its early days for being the home church of Lizzie Borden and her family.
 The Austrian Cultural Forum New York is one of Austria’s two cultural representation offices in the United States (the other is in Washington D.C.). It is part of the worldwide network of Austrian Cultural Forums of the Austrian Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs.
 Eureka Tower is a 297.3-metre (975 ft) skyscraper located in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne Victoria Australia. Construction began in August 2002 and the exterior completed on 1 June 2006. The plaza was finished in June 2006 and the building was officially opened on 11 October 2006. The project was designed by Melbourne architectural firm Fender Katsalidis Architects and was built by Grocon (Grollo Australia).
 The University Hospital of North Tees is a general hospital in Stockton-on-Tees England. It is part of the North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust and provides healthcare to people living in southeast Durham.The hospital was formerly known as North Tees General Hospital but was renamed in recognition of its status as a teaching hospital.
 Holy Innocents Church (Polish: Kościół Świętych Młodzianków) is a church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located at 743 North Armour Street in the East Village neighborhood of Chicago Illinois. It is a prime example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of churches in both its opulence and grand scale.
 The Claflin School is a historic former school building at 110-112 Washington Park Newtonville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick building was built in 1891 and is a well-preserved example of Richardsonian Romanesque design. Its architect was Merrill J. Brown.The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on September 16 1984 and included in the Newtonville Historic District in 1986.
 The Pinnacle is a residential skyscraper in downtown Chicago Illinois. It was designed by Lucien Lagrange Architects and was developed by the Fordham Company. Completed in 2004 the building measures 535 ft (169 m) tall with 49 stories. The building houses its own on-site auto repair and wine tasting rooms.
 The İstanbul Toy Museum (Turkish: İstanbul Oyuncak Müzesi) is a toy museum located in the Göztepe neighbourhood of Kadıköy district of İstanbul Turkey.The museum was founded by the Turkish poet and novelist Sunay Akın in 2005. The museum opened on April 23 a national holiday in Turkey National Sovereignty and Children's Day. Currently the museum has on display 4000 toys and miniatures from Turkey and abroad; many of the exhibits are antiques some of which date back nearly 200 years.
 Piedmont Henry Hospital is a 215-bed not-for-profit community-based hospital located in Stockbridge Georgia. In August 2011 the community hospital's executive Board agreed to affiliate with Piedmont Healthcare.
 The Raymond and Catherine Fisher House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Midas Schoolhouse located on Second St. two blocks east of Main St. in Midas Nevada is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1928. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).Its NRHP nomination argued that the building is significant for its association with the educational and social history of the remote early-twentieth-century mining town. It includes Craftsman architecture.
 The Waterloo Historic District is a historic district composed of the majority of central Waterloo Illinois. The district includes 271 buildings of which 182 are contributing buildings to its historic character. The center of the district includes Waterloo's town square the site of the Monroe County Courthouse as well as a two-block section of Main Street which forms the city's commercial core.
 The Coffee Pot in Bedford Pennsylvania is an example of novelty architecture. The lunch stand was built in the shape of a coffee pot by David Koontz in 1927. It was threatened with demolition in the 1990s but in 2004 was moved across the street and restored.
 Faafu Atoll Hospital is located in the island of Nilandhoo in Faafu Atoll Maldives. It is part of the Atoll Hospital health authority.
 Bishop Family Lustron House is a historic Lustron house located at Glenville in Schenectady County New York. It was built in November 1949 and measures 31 feet by 35 feet on a poured concrete slab. The exterior is clad with two foot by two foot steel panels coated with Dove Gray colored porcelain enamel. It is a Westchester Deluxe 2-bedroom model home.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan's Mosque (Swedish: Zaid Ben Sultan Al Nahayans moské Arabic: جامع زايد بن سلطان آل نهيان‎) commonly known as the Stockholm Mosque (Stockholms moské) or the Stockholm Grand Mosque (Stockholms stora moské) is the largest mosque in Stockholm Sweden. It is located at Kapellgränd 10 adjacent to the small park Björns trädgård in the Södermalm district of Stockholm. Inaugurated in 2000 the mosque is administered by the Islamic Association in Stockholm.
 Taj Mahal Hotel is a heritage hotel located in Hyderabad India. It is located at Abids suburb. It is popular for its Udupi cuisine dishes.
 HM Prison Low Newton is a Closed prison for female adults and young offenders. The prison is located in the village of Brasside (near Durham) in County Durham England. Low Newton is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service. The prison is located next to HMP Frankland the Category A adult male prison.
 The U. J. Cleveland House also known as the Thomas Smith House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama United States. The 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame structure on brick piers was built in 1853 in the Gulf Coast Cottage style. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 21 1993.
 The 'Wesley Plattenburg House is a historic house in Selma Alabama. Featuring a unique combination of the Greek Revival and Italianate styles it was completed in 1842 for Wesley Plattenburg. Plattenburg was born on April 13 1803 in Anne Arundel County Maryland. He had relocated to Selma and had assumed the occupation of tailor by 1829.
 The Garfield Street Historic District is a historic district on Garfield Street between Massachusetts Ave. and Oxford Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The district encompasses a unified residential area developed between 1885 and 1891. Garfield Street was laid out in 1883 and all but three of the houses built before 1891 still stand on the street. The houses were built by different developers and most were architect designed and thus vary stylistically.
 The St George Hospital and Community Health Service is a tertiary referral hospital located in Kogarah a southern suburb of Sydney NSW Australia. It is part of the South East Sydney Local Health Network and is an accredited principal teaching Hospital of the University of New South Wales.
 Elizabeth Moore Hall is a historic woman's physical education building associated with the West Virginia University and located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built between 1926 and 1928 and is a three-story red brick building with Georgian Revival detailing. An addition was completed in 1962. It has a slate covered gable roof. The front facade features five arches supported by six Doric order columns. It also has balconies with cast iron balustrades.
 All Saints Church also known as Lydd Church or The Cathedral on the Marsh is a church in Lydd Kent South East England. It belongs to the Diocese of Canterbury. All Saints is the longest parish church in Kent at 199 feet (61 m) and also has one of the tallest towers in the county at 132 feet (40 m). The church is thought to incorporate a small Romano-British basilica possibly built in the 5th century though most of the current fabric is medieval.
 Château de Montréal (Peyrehorade) is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to the 16th century.
 Ōbaku-san Manpuku-ji (黄檗山萬福寺 Manpuku Temple on Mt. Ōbaku) is a temple located in Uji Kyoto. It is the head temple of the Japanese Ōbaku Zen sect named after Wanfu Temple in Fujian China. The mountain is likewise named after Mount Huangbo where the Chinese temple is situated.
 Caldwell Hall is a male dormitory for 42 upper-class students and one of 10 housing options for students at The Catholic University of America. Cardinal John Gibbons Archbishop of Baltimore and President Grover Cleveland dedicated the building on May 24 1888. It was named for Mary Gwendolyn Caldwell. Sealed in the cornerstone is the original letter dated April 10 1887 from Pope Leo XIII approving the University's founding.
 The Brush Creek Work Center in Medicine Bow National Forest near Saratoga Wyoming was built in 1937. It was listed on the NRHP on April 11 1994. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service Region 2 in USFS rustic architecture. It served historically as a government office. The listing was for architecture of three contributing buildings and included an area of 70 acres (28 ha).
 City Place Mall at the intersection of Fenton Street and Colesville Road (U.S. Route 29) in downtown Silver Spring Maryland is a 400000-square-foot (37000 m2) five-story shopping mall that opened on April 2 1992. It was formerly a Hecht Company department store the first suburban Washington D.C. branch of that company which opened in 1947; the downtown Silver Spring Hecht's closed when the Hecht's at Wheaton Plaza opened in 1987.
 The Cube Microplex is a cinema and event venue in central Bristol which operates as a non-profit volunteer-run cooperative. Since opening in 1998 it has hosted artistic and cultural events including films and music performances as well as providing a focal point for the local artistic community. The building includes a 108-seat theatre/cinema as well as a bar serving local and ethical products.
 Upper Canada Village is a heritage park in the village of Riverside near Morrisburg Ontario which depicts a 19th-century village in Upper Canada.
 Tarnawatka transmitter (Radio-Television Transmitting Centre) circle of the Tarnawatka village near by Zamość.The 154 metre guyed steel mast was built in 1984 order to cover with a radio signal and television Zamość Voivodeship and of surroundings thanks to transmitters on it placed. It is broadcasting station about medium powers. Also a receipt enables radio and television at west ends of Ukraine. The object belongs to the EmiTel company.
 The Ephraim Ward House is a historic house at 121 Ward Street in Newton Massachusetts. The two-story wood frame house was built in 1821 and is one of a few Federal style houses in eastern Newton. This house was built by Ephraim Ward to replace one built by his ancestor John Ward in 1661 on the same site. The Wards owned farmland in the area until the early 20th century.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 A.H. Buchan Company Building also known as Supreme Lighting is a historic tobacco processing facility located at Mullins Marion County South Carolina. It was built between 1924 and 1930 and is a two-story brick building. It features a stepped parapet on the façade. The building was used as a tobacco redrying plant. Built originally for the W.A. Gray Tobacco Company in 1933 the building was purchased by the A.H.
 Somerset Mall is a shopping mall alongside the N2 freeway near the towns Somerset West and Strand in the Western Cape province of South Africa. The mall is large with numerous shops supermarkets restaurants and cinemas. There are also a number of furniture home décor and clothing outlets within close vicinity of the Somerset Mall.
 Texadelphia is a chain of 16 restaurants in Texas Louisiana and Oklahoma specializing in unique cheesesteak sandwiches. Established in Austin Texas in 1981 on The Drag a portion of Guadalupe Street near The University of Texas Texadelphia has locations in and around Austin Houston Dallas and the Rio Grande Valley along with Shreveport Oklahoma City and Norman Oklahoma.Texadelphia's food is a combination of East Coast-style cheesesteak sandwiches Tex-Mex and vegetarian.
 The Spanish Synagogue is one of the two functioning synagogues in the Venetian Ghetto of Venice northern Italy. It is open for services from Passover until the end of the High Holiday season.
 Horstead Priory was a Benedictine Alien house in Norfolk England.Horstead manor was granted by William II of England to the Abbey of Sainte-Trinité in Caen France which had been founded by William's mother Matilda of Flanders. The priory was dissolved in 1414.
 109-115 Wood Street (also known as Hartje Bros. Paper Manufacturing Co. and the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater Building) are two buildings located in downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA. 109-111 was built in 1897 and 113-115 was built in 1902. The architect was Charles Bickel. The buildings were added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 1975 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 4 1996.
 Mayer Sulzberger Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Mill Creek neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1924. It is a three-story 17 bay brick building on a raised stone basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It is in the shape of a shallow W.
 Our Lady of the Scapular Parish (Polish: Parafia Matki Bożej Szkaplerznej) is a canonically established Roman Catholic National (Personal) Polish parish that accommodates all backgrounds particularly to aid and minister to Polish immigrants and those of Polish descent. Our Lady of the Scapular Parish is the merged parish which comprises the former parishes of Our Lady of Mount Carmel and St. Stanisluas Kostka. It is located in Wyandotte Michigan Wayne County United States
 The Vern Riffe State Office Tower is a 503-foot-tall (153 m) skyscraper in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1988 and has 32 floors. NBBJ designed the building which is the fifth-tallest in Columbus and has 102192 m² of floor area. An earlier idea for this site also by NBBJ would have included a site to the west of the present location and would have effectively closed off South Wall Street north of West State Street. The building was named for Vernal G.
 The House at 90 Prospect Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is one of three houses built as part of a family compound by Elizabeth Coit.Elizabeth Boit co-founder of the Harvard Knitting Mills also built on the west side creating an estate compound on the summit of Cowdry's Hill that included three residences formal gardens a playhouse and greenhouse.
 B'nai Jeshurun is a synagogue in the Upper West Side of Manhattan New York City.
 The North West Museum of Road Transport (formerly St. Helens Transport Museum or St. Helens Bus Museum) is located at the old St. Helens Corporation Transport bus depot in Hall Street St Helens Merseyside England.The collection of vehicles at the museum includes many examples of buses from local municipal bus companies including St Helens Liverpool Southport Widnes Warrington and Chester as well as vehicles from the former Merseyside Passenger Transport Executive.
 The Baltimore City Circuit Courthouses are located in downtown Baltimore Maryland. Facing each other in the 100 block of North Calvert Street between East Lexington Street on the north and East Fayette Street on the south across the Battle Monument Square which held the original site of the first courthouse for Baltimore County and Town.
 The A. Armstrong Farm is a historic farm located at Hockessin New Castle County Delaware. The property includes two contributing buildings. They are a log house with a stone addition added in the 1830s and a frame tri-level stone and frame barn (c. 1830s). The stuccoed log section is three bays wide and it has a two story two bay stone wing. The farm house and barn were demolished before 2002.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St. Marys Chapel of Ease universally known as 'The Black Church' is one of the most infamous and curious buildings in Dublin. It was a church of the Church of Ireland located on St. Mary's Place Broadstone Dublin Ireland. Constructed from local calp limestone the building's nickname ‘The Black Church’ comes that from the darkened hue the limestone takes-on when wet.
 Fort Edmonton Park is an attraction in Edmonton Alberta Canada. Named for the first enduring European post in the area of modern-day Edmonton the park is the largest living history museum in Canada by area. It includes both original and rebuilt historical structures representing the history of Edmonton (including that of post-horse aboriginals) and is staffed during the summer by costumed historical interpreters.
 The Kean is an apartment building located at 8925 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan directly adjacent to the Hibbard Apartment Building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 St Andrew's Church Burnley is located in Colne Road Burnley Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Burnley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Margaret Burnley and St James Burnley. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Prichard House is a historic home located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built between 1921 and 1923 and is an Italian Renaissance-style residence. The house is built of gray North Carolina granite topped by a Spanish tile roof and sits on a reinforced concrete foundation. It features a distinctive two story tower and two roof garden chimneys. At the entrance to the property is the original wrought iron fence supported by granite pillars and iron gates.
 Monmouth Plantation is a historic plantation located in Natchez Mississippi on a 26-acre (11 ha) lot. It was built in 1818 by John Hankinson and inhabited by John A. Quitman a former Governor of Mississippi and well-known figure in the Mexican-American War. It was declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1986 and a National Historic Landmark in 1988.
 The Senator Hotel (officially Hotel Senator) (1924–1979) was a nine-story 400-room Italian Renaissance-style hotel in Sacramento California located at 12th and L streets across from the California State Capitol building that served as a nexus of California political and social activity for more than 50 years.
 Macau Tower Convention & Entertainment Centre (Chinese: 澳門旅遊塔會展娛樂中心;Portuguese: Centro de Convenções e Entretenimento da Torre de Macau) also known as Macau Tower is a tower located in the Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China. Macau used to be a Portuguese colony until 1999. The tower measures 338 m (1109 ft) in height from ground level to the highest point.
 Edwards Building is a historic department store building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a seven-story building built in 1908 in the Renaissance Revival style. The building is elaborately clad in white terra cotta and features Chicago style windows. It was built to house the Edward's Department Store.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 This article is about the original Penobscot Building. For other buildings also part of the Penobscot Block see: Penobscot Building Annex and Penobscot Building.The Penobscot Building is the original 13-story building of the Penobscot Block complex in downtown Detroit Michigan. It is the first Penobscot Building and one of three buildings of the same name in the later-constructed complex. It is located at 131 West Fort Street within the Detroit Financial District.
 The Keeler Tavern is an 18th-century historical building in Ridgefield Connecticut United States. The property served as summer home to architect Cass Gilbert who purchased it in 1907 and designed additions to the building as well as a garden. It is also significant for the part it played in the Ridgefield action when British forces passed through in 1777. The site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and is operated as the Keeler Tavern Museum.
 Centerpoint Mall (formerly Towne and Countrye Square) is a shopping mall located in Toronto Ontario Canada on the south west corner of Steeles Avenue and Yonge Street.It is home to Canadian Tire Target The Bay Shoppers Drug Mart and a No Frills. A Beer Store is on the southeast corner of the property also known as the The Village Shoppes.
 All Saints' Church Oakham is a parish church in the Church of England in Oakham Rutland.
 The Old Treasury Building on Spring Street in Melbourne was once home to the Treasury Department of the Government of Victoria but is now a museum of Melbourne history known as the Old Treasury Building.
 The Grand Forks Hotel was a prominent roadhouse during the Klondike Gold Rush situated near Dawson City in the Yukon region of Canada.
 The Conclave is a 27-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates that has been approved to begin construction.
 Carter-Gilmer House is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a three-story three bay Federal style brick townhouse dwelling. The house has been divided into apartments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 China Zun (Chinese: 中国尊; pinyin: Zhōngguó Zūn) is a supertall skyscraper under construction in the Central Business District of Beijing capital of the People's Republic of China. The 108-storey 528-metre building is purported to be the tallest in the city and its height will surpass that of China World Trade Center Tower III by 190 metres.China Zun name comes from the zun an ancient Chinese wine vessel which inspired the building design according to the developers the CITIC Group.
 Mount Ebal Methodist Protestant Church is a historic church at the end of SR 2518 in Denton North Carolina.It was built in 1883 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Dodger Point Fire Lookout was built in 1933 in Olympic National Park as a fire observation station. The single-story frame structure is located on the peak of Dodger Point above the timber line at an elevation of 5753 feet (1754 m). Measuring 15 feet (4.6 m) by 15 feet (4.6 m) it is clad in wood clapboards and has a simple pitched roof covered with wood shakes. Large windows on all four sides are covered by awning-style wood shutters. It was built by the U.S.
 Galerías Insurgentes (also Centro Comercial Galerías Insurgentes) is an shopping mall in the Colona Del Valle neighborhood a mostly middle-upper class sector of Mexico City Mexico.
 Chikurin-ji (竹林寺) is a Shingon temple in Kōchi Kōchi Prefecture Japan. Temple 31 on the Shikoku 88 temple pilgrimage the main image is of Monju Bosatsu. The temple is said to have been founded by Gyōki in the early eighth century.The temple houses a number of important sculptures and its late Edo-period gardens are a Natural Monument.
 Niagara Falls Armory is a historic New York National Guard armory located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York. It consists of a two-story hip-roofed administrative building with a one-story drill hall built in 1895 in a castellated fortress-like style typical of that period. It was designed by architect Isaac G. Perry.
 The Russell is a historic apartment house at 49 Austin Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was designed by Barker & Nourse and built in 1894 at a cost of $25000. The Richardsonian Romanesque structure was one of a large number of apartment houses built to the west and south of the city's central business district many of which were torn down during redevelopment activities in the 20th century.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The New Orleans Cotton Exchange was established in New Orleans Louisiana in 1871 as a centralized forum for the trade of cotton. It operated in New Orleans until closing in 1964. Occupying several buildings over its history its final location the New Orleans Cotton Exchange Building is now a National Historic Landmark.
 Marriott's Grande Vista is a Marriott Vacation Club resort located off of International Drive in Orlando Florida. The timeshare resort is the largest within the Marriott Vacation Club portfolio and features 1616 guest studios one two and three-bedroom villas located in 24 mission-style buildings.
 Collins Building (also known as Bowdoin Hall or Mt. Bowdoin Hall or New Washington Auditorium or Silver Manor) is an historic building at 213-217 Washington Street in Dorchester Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed by Charles F. Collins in 1898 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.
 The Stark County Courthouse and its Annex are listed on the National Register of Historic Places for Canton Ohio. The courthouse building was designed by Cleveland Ohio based architect George F. Hammond in 1895. The building is considered to be in the Beaux Arts Architecture style reflecting Classicism styles.
 Post-Williams House is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1877 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay-wide Late Victorian-style dwelling. It features a pitched roof and a 3 1⁄2-story tower with zig-zag moulding.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Chardon Courthouse Square District is located in Chardon Ohio and contains the Geauga County Courthouse as well as the several buildings serving as the courthouse annexes. The district was added to the National Register on 1974-10-18.
 Forest-Norman Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 37 contributing buildings built between 1908 and 1910. They consist of two story brick houses with one apartment per floor and two story brick tenements with two apartments per floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Lutèce was a French restaurant in Manhattan that operated for more than 40 years before closing in early 2004. It once had a satellite restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.It was famous for its Alsatian onion tart and a sauteed foie gras with dark chocolate sauce and bitter orange marmalade.
 Vera Chapel (Norwegian: Vera kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Vera. The church is part of the Vera parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden chapel was built in 1899 and serves the eastern part of the municipality.
 Hamer Hall (formerly the Melbourne Concert Hall) is a 2661 seat concert hall the largest venue in the Arts Centre complex used for orchestra and contemporary music performances. It was opened in 1982 and was later renamed Hamer Hall in honour of Sir Rupert Hamer (the 39th Premier of Victoria) shortly after his death in 2004.
 The Calhoun County Courthouse built in 1913 is an historic courthouse located on South Railroad Avenue in the city of St. Matthews in Calhoun County South Carolina. It was designed in the Colonial Revival style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed eight other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. Calhoun County was created in 1908 and this is the only courthouse it has ever had.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is an Episcopal congregation and a historic wooden Gothic Revival style building in Bend Oregon United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St James is a Church of England parish church in Poole on the south coast of England in the ceremonial county of Dorset.The church is located in the historic quarter of the town near Poole Quay. It is the parish church for the St James sub district of Poole. Lucy Holt is the current minister of the church.
 Monte Vista is a historic apartment complex located in the Overbrook neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four four-story stone buildings constructed in 1910 1915 1916 and 1921.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky (Eng.: Anatole Jakovsky International Museum of Naive Art) is a museum located in Nice which displays 18-to-21st century works specialized in naive art. The museum was inaugurated on 5 March 1982.
 Borley Rectory was a Victorian mansion that gained fame as the most haunted house in England. Built in 1862 to house the rector of the parish of Borley and his family it was badly damaged by fire in 1939 and demolished in 1944.The large Gothic-style rectory in the village of Borley had been alleged to be haunted ever since it was built.
 The Creasyville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Jackson Township and Pine Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 44.5-foot-long (13.6 m) Queen Post Truss bridge over Little Fishing Creek constructed in 1881. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St Mary's Church Barnes is the parish church of Barnes in Greater London (formerly in Surrey). It is a grade II* listed building.It was built of coursed flint sometime between 1100-1150. It was enlarged and re-consecrated in 1215[citation needed] after the signing of Magna Carta. It was extended to the west in the 13th century and later to the east creating a chancel. A west tower was added in the late 15th century.
 Oella is a small historic mill town on the Patapsco River in western Baltimore County Maryland located between Catonsville and Ellicott City. It is a 19th century village of millworkers' homes.
 Parc Howard Museum & Art Gallery is an 18th-century Italianate architecture country house converted into a museum and 24 acres (9.7 ha) civic park located north of the town centre of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire Wales.
 William W. Axe School is a historic school building located in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Lloyd Titus and built in 1903-1904. It is a two-story three-bay stone building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival style. It has a one-story rear brick addition. It features stone lintels and sashes and a projecting center section with gable.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The House at 2 Nichols Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well preserved architecturally eclectic house built in the 1890s. The 1.5 story frame house has elements of Tudor Revival Queen Anne and Colonial Revival styling and is one of two identical houses built by local builder Berndt Heurlin. It has a hip roof but transverse gables one of which has a rounded bay give it a Queen Anne feel.
 Zifeng Tower (a.k.a. Greenland Center-Zifeng Tower or Greenland Square Zifeng Tower formerly Nanjing Greenland Financial Center) is a 450-metre (1480 ft) skyscraper completed in 2010 in Nanjing China. The 89-story building comprises retail and office space in the lower section and restaurants a hotel and a public observatory near the top.
 Hotel Kernan also known as the Congress Hotel is a historic hotel located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a six story plus mansard roof French Renaissance Revival-style structure detailed in brick and terra cotta. It is constructed of steel and reinforced concrete and is U-shaped in plan.
 Keystone Building is a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 as the State Printing Office. It is a six-story office building plus basement 7 bays wide and 12 bays deep. It is faced in granite on the first floor with brick above. It was remodeled in 1917 with the addition of a structural steel frame and 12 inch reinforced floors.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Standing on a rocky promontory jutting out into Loch Assynt in Sutherland north west Highland Scotland Ardvreck Castle is a ruined castle dating from the 16th century. One can reach the ruins by driving along the A837 which follows the north shore of Loch Assynt from the village of Inchnadamph. Visitors should take care when walking around the site as falling masonry is a possible danger.
 The Newport Apartments on Seventh Street in Devils Lake North Dakota were built in 1929. They were designed in Bungalow/Craftsman style by Devils Lake architect John Marshall. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It represents the only known private commission by Devils Lake local architect John Marshall and is an excellent representativeof the style.
 The Hoyt-Shedd Estate is a historic residential estate at 386-396 Andover Street and 569-579 East Merrimack Street in Lowell Massachusetts. The houses at 386 and 396 Andover Street are large Stick style mansions built about the same time (c. 1878) and designed by the same architect. The were built for the friends and business partners E. W. Hoyt and F. B. Shedd.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Amiens (French: Basilique Cathédrale Notre-Dame d'Amiens) or simply Amiens Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral and seat of the Bishop of Amiens (currently Jean-Luc Bouilleret).
 The Cementerio Católico San Vicente de Paul (English: Saint Vincent de Paul Catholic Cemetery) is a cemetery in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is the only cemetery in Puerto Rico with a group of niches built forming a basement in which the burials occurred beneath ground level thus giving the effect of a catacomb. The cemetery is named after Vincent de Paul (24 April 1581 – 27 September 1660) the French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated his life to serving the poor.
 There are two noteworthy triple decker apartment houses built by Erick Kaller at 146 and 148 Eastern Avenue in Worcester Massachusetts. Both were built in 1894 in a Queen Anne style and were nearly identical except that 148 Eastern had flared siding skirts below its projecting bay windows. Both have lost some of their styling due to subsequent exterior alterations (see photos).Both buildings were listed separately on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Nashik City Centre Mall is a mixed-use Shopping Mall complex in Nashik Maharashtra India. It was developed by the Sarda group in partnership with Erdeen Fund Management a PE firm from london. The Mall has opened in parts in April 2009 and will fully commence operations by September 2010.Its mix has leading Indian and International brands.
 Dhulikhel Hospital a Kathmandu University teaching hospital is an independent not for profit non-government hospital in Dhulikhel Kavrepalanchok Nepal.
 The Ida May is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1906 at Urbanna or Deep Creek Virginia. She is a 42.2-foot-long (12.9 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 14.4 feet (4.4 m) a depth of 3.3 feet (1.0 m) and a net register tonnage of 7. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States.
 The Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the historic downtown of Stockbridge Massachusetts. The most prominent parts of Stockbridge lie within the Main Street Historic District which abuts this district to the north. The southern boundary of this district is the railroad tracks that run parallel to the Housatonic River.
 Oud Sluis is former restaurant in Sluis Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that had been awarded one or more Michelin stars since 1995. It carried one star in the period 1995-1998 two stars in the period 1999-2005 and three stars since 2006.The chef was Sergio Herman.The restaurant appeared from 2003 in the list of The S.Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants.
 All Saints Church Siddington is in the village of Siddington Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Macclesfield.
 -Beaudley is a historic home located at Tyaskin Wicomico County Maryland United States. It was built about 1795 and consists of a 1 1⁄2-story side-hall Flemish bond brick-ended frame house with a gable roof. A single-story hyphen joins a slightly taller single-story early-19th-century kitchen to the main house. Attached to the house is a two-story one-room frame addition erected around 1850.
 The Abelló Museum is a municipal art museum located in Mollet del Vallès in El Vallès Oriental. Opened on 29 March 1999 its principal collection comprises pieces from artist and collector Joan Abelló which donated his collection to the city in 1996 creating the Joan Abelló Foundation an independent organisation of the Mollet del Vallès Town Council. The museum is located in an Art Nouveau-style building from 1908 of which only the façade has been preserved.
 Norwood Municipal Building is a registered historic building in Norwood Ohio listed in the National Register on March 11 1980.
 The Harrison House is historic slave plantation home property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1975. It was built perhaps in 1810 and was extended and remodelled in 1848 by William Harrison.
 Weekapaug Inn is a historic inn at 25 Spray Rock Road in Westerly Rhode Island.In 1899 Phoebe and Frederick C. Buffum built the original Weekapaug Inn. The Inn was built on a strip of land between the Quonochontaug Pond and the Atlantic Ocean in the community of Weekapaug Rhode Island. In 1938 the original Weekapaug Inn was destroyed by the famous hurricane of that year however the following year they rebuilt the inn across the pond and it reopened in 1939.
 Big Bear Frontier is a hotel and cabin resort in Big Bear Lake California. RLR Investments LLC a subsidiary of R+L Carriers purchased Big Bear Frontier from Frontier Properties Inc. in 2007. Big Bear Frontier has 32 freestanding cabins and 24 rooms on a 14.76-acre (59700 m2) lot.
 The Odd Fellows-Rebekah Hall in Cornish Maine was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It was associated with the Odd Fellows fraternal/social organization and its Rebekah Hall counterpart for women members.
 The Belgacom Towers (French: Tours Belgacom Dutch: Belgacom-torens) are twin skyscrapers on King Albert II Street in the Northern Quarter central business district of Brussels Belgium. The buildings take their name from the telecommunications company Belgacom. They are among the tallest buildings in Belgium.The towers are both 102 metres (335 ft) tall to the roof and Tower 1 has a spire reaching 134 metres (440 ft) high with a Belgian flag mounted on top.
 Camden is an Italian Villa-style house on the Rappahannock River just downriver of Port Royal Virginia. It was built during 1857-1859. During the American Civil War a Union gunboat shot the top off of its tower which has not been replaced.
 St Michael's Church Bowness-on-Solway is located in the village of Bowness-on-Solway Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Carlisle the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Bride Kirkbride and St John the Evangelist Newton Arlosh. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 Hilton Valencia (Torre Hilton Hotel Hilton in Valencia) is a skyscraper and hotel in Valencia Spain. Completed in 2006 has 35 floors and rises 117 metres. It is part of Hilton Hotels.
 The Celia Thaxter House is an historic house at 524 California Street in the village of Newtonville in Newton Massachusetts. The Italianate house was built c. 1856 as the home of Levi Lincoln Thaxter and American poet and author Celia Thaxter. The Thaxters lived here 1880 when she moved to Kittery Point Maine.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 First Methodist Episcopal Church of Rome is a historic Methodist Episcopal church building located at Rome in Oneida County New York. It includes the original brick and stone church building completed in 1868 and the Ninde Memorial Chapel added in 1910-1911. The church is a 2-story three-bay-wide building with a spire and bell tower. It has a slate-covered gable roof.
 The College of Medicine of Maryland or also known since 1959 as Davidge Hall has been in continuous use for medical education since 1813 the oldest such structure in the United States. A wide pediment stands in front of a low domed drum structure which housed the anatomical theater. A circular chemistry hall was housed on the lower level under the anatomical theater.The dome is a Delormé structure with small slats forming the dome.
 Adelaide Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Nxuba Local Municipality area in Adelaide Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Arcade house in Pyzdry - a bungalow built in 1768. It is located in the square in Pyzdry. It was renovated several times underwent major overhaul in 1956-1957. It's gable wall fronts the square. It's plastered and has a light-frame construction. At the front the arcade is supported by four wooden pillars which were replaced in 1957. For several years it was the seat of the Regional Museum in Pyzdry and now it's used for organising temporary exhibitions.
 The Thompson Summer House is a house in Minnetonka Beach Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1887 for Charles Telford Thompson an attorney and civil leader and his wife. The house is located just across from Lafayette Bay of Lake Minnetonka. It was listed on the National Register as an example of the types of summer homes that upper-class Minneapolis residents owned on Lake Minnetonka around the end of the 19th century.
 The Isham Day House is located in Mequon Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Currently the building serves as a museum.
 Garrett Snuff Mill also known as the George W. Helme Company is a historic snuff tobacco mill complex located at Yorklyn New Castle County Delaware. The complex includes 14 contributing buildings built between 1846 and 1901. The buildings are architecturally unified as most are built of brick with the two earliest mills constructed of stone. The Garrett family introduced the manufacture of snuff to Delaware.
 Isaac Young House is an historic wood frame house on Pinesbridge Road in New Castle New York United States. It was built about 1872 in the Second Empire style. Its owner Isaac Young was a descendant of early settlers in the area. He chose the Second Empire style more commonly found in cities and villages than on farms possibly as a way of demonstrating his affluence.
 Pipe Creek Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Friends meeting house located at Union Bridge Carroll County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick structure in Flemish bond on a stone foundation. The meetinghouse was begun in 1771 and completed the next year. A fire in October 1934 destroyed the interior but the original benches were saved. The founders of the meetinghouse were immigrants from the north of Ireland.
 The Nevada Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Nevada and his family. Reno architect George A. Ferris designed this Classical Revival (Neoclassical) style mansion. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Foster Building originally the Hotel Foster is located on State Street (NY 5) in Schenectady New York United States. It is a commercial building in the Beaux-Arts architectural style.When built in 1907 it was the first building in the city to use terra cotta as its primary siding on the front facade and the first built under the precepts of the City Beautiful movement. In 1991 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Paseo Víctor Rojas also known as El Fuerte or Paseo de Damas in Arecibo Puerto Rico was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Imperial War Museum Duxford is a branch of the Imperial War Museum near Duxford in Cambridgeshire England. Britain's largest aviation museum Duxford houses the museum's large exhibits including nearly 200 aircraft military vehicles artillery and minor naval vessels in seven main exhibition buildings. The site also provides storage space for the museum's other collections of material such as film photographs documents books and artefacts.
 The House at 309 Waltham Street in Newton Massachusetts is a well-preserved high style Greek Revival house. The 2 1/2 story house was built c. 1835; it has a classic Greek temple front with two-story Ionic columns supporting an entablature and pedimented gable. Single-story Ionic columns support a porch running along the left side of the house.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St James' Church Oldham is located in Barry Street Greenacres Moor Oldham Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Oldham East the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Sliced Porosity Block - CapitaLand Raffles City Chengdu is a building complex built in Chengdu China designed by Steven Holl Architects. It was built from 2008 to 2012. It celebrated its topping out in October 2011 at 123 meters.Sliced Porosity Block consists of 5 mixed-use towers with offices apartments retail and a hotel which surround a large public plaza. The design is shaped to give the surrounding residential neighborhood enough daylight during the day.
 Forge Hill is a historic home located at Wawa Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1798 and 1800 and is a 2 1/2-story fieldstone dwelling with a 1 1/2-story ell added in 1936 during a complete restoration.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 7 1973.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Pillar and St. Raphael (Spanish: Catedral de Nuestra Señora del Pilar y San Rafael) is the main Roman Catholic church building of Melo Uruguay. It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Melo.It is dedicated to the Virgin of the Pillar and the Archangel Raphael.
 Fort Beauregard located half a mile north of the village of Harrisonburg Catahoula Parish Louisiana was one of four Confederate forts guarding the Ouachita River during the American Civil War. In 1863 four Union gunboats attacked it unsuccessfully.
 The Ocean City Life-Saving Station is located on the Boardwalk at the Inlet Ocean City Maryland United States. The Ocean City Life-Saving Station now serves as the Ocean City Life-Saving Station Museum.
 Joseph J. Fredella House and Garage is a historic home and garage located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. They were built in 1912 and are constructed of concrete block. The house is an American Foursquare style two story concrete residence covered by a hipped roof covered in slate. The garage is a two story rectangular flat roofed structure.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Hall's Tavern is a historic tavern at 31 North Street in Cheshire Massachusetts.The tavern was built in the Federalist style in 1804 for Calvin Hall. It was operated as a tavern and was notable in part for housing British prisoners of war during the War of 1812. The building has since seen use as a private residence and as a retail establishment. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 African Church (A.M.E. Church of St. Charles) is a historic church at 554 Madison Street in St. Charles Missouri.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Union Pacific Center at 1400 Douglas Street is one of downtown Omaha Nebraska's newest high-rise buildings. It houses the headquarters of the Union Pacific Railroad and its parent company the Union Pacific Corporation. It officially opened in June 2004 and rises 317 ft (97 m) making it the third tallest building in Omaha. The old headquarters located directly across the street was torn down in 2008 to make way for the new WallStreet Tower Omaha.
 Nitre Hall is a 19th-century building in Haverford Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. Built shortly after 1800 on the banks of Cobbs Creek the hall was the residence of the master of the Nitre Hall Powder Mills which has long since been torn down. With the ground floor reserved for custodians the upper two floors are decorated in Empire and Victorian style. The top floor contains various temporary exhibits and the educational Colonial Living Experience.
 The Roman Catholic Church of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary or Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church in the seaside resort of Blackpool Lancashire England. Located on Talbot Road close to the town centre it was the first Roman Catholic church built in Blackpool. It has been designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.
 Julius and Harriet Bull House also known as Ferry Farm is a historic home located at Seneca Falls in Seneca County New York. The house is a four bay wide two story cobblestone house. It was built in 1830 and is constructed of variously sized and colored field cobbles. The house is among the approximately 18 surviving cobblestone buildings in Seneca County. The house is believed to have been used as a stop on the Underground Railroad.
 St Mary's Church is a Grade I listed church in Tickhill South Yorkshire England. Dating from the early 12th century and built with local magnesian limestone the structure today is predominantly of Perpendicular style with glimpses of earlier Norman Early English and Decorated styles.
 North Attleborough Town Center Historic District is a historic district roughly North and South Washington Street between Fisher and Bank Streets in North Attleborough Massachusetts.The district was founded in 1780 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Shore Line Trolley Museum located in East Haven Connecticut is the oldest operating trolley museum in the United States. It was founded to preserve the heritage of the trolley car. The museum includes exhibits on trolley history in the visitors' center and offers rides on restored trolleys along its 1.5 miles (2.4 km) track.
 Emir Sultan Mosque (Turkish: Emir Sultan Camii) is a mosque in Bursa Turkey. First built in the 14th century it was rebuilt in 1804 upon the orders of the Ottoman Sultan Selim III and re-built again in 1868 along slightly varying plans each time.
 Girls' Club Foundation (Girls' Club) is a non-profit art foundation and alternative art space located in downtown Fort Lauderdale. Contemporary art works in painting drawing photography and video are presented in curated thematic exhibitions which also include works loaned from other collectors galleries and artists.
 Stronghold Castle or Stronghold Center is a Tudor-style castle located near Oregon Illinois atop the limestone bluffs along the Rock River. Designed by Maurice Webster it was built between 1928 and 1930 by Walter Strong then owner and publisher of the Chicago Daily News as a summer home.
 The Pennsylvania State Correctional Institution at Graterford also known variously as SCI Graterford (SCIG) Eastern Correctional Institution Graterford Prison Graterford Penitentiary and the Graterford Prison Farm is a Pennsylvania Department of Corrections prison located in Skippack Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania United States near Graterford. The prison located on Graterford Road off of Pennsylvania Route 29 is about 31 miles (50 km) northwest of the city of Philadelphia.
 Folly is a historic plantation home located near Staunton Augusta County Virginia. The house was built about 1818 and is a one-story brick structure with a long low service wing and deck-on-hip roof in the Jeffersonian style. It has an original rear ell fronted by a Tuscan order colonnade. The front facade features a tetrastyle pedimented portico with stuccoed Tuscan columns and a simple lunette in the pediment.
 Carl's Ice Cream (also known as Carl's Frozen Custard or most often simply Carl's) is a roadside ice cream stand located at 2200 Princess Anne Street Fredericksburg Virginia. Since 2005 the stand with its Art Moderne architectural facade has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 John Wentz House is a historic home located in East Fallowfield Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The house was built about 1793 and is a two-story four bay stuccoed stone vernacular Federal style dwelling. It has a gable roof and a wraparound verandah. Also on the property are a contributing barn and spring house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Our City or more formally Our City O-Tautahi is on the corner of Worcester Street and Oxford Terrace in the Christchurch Central City. It is a Category I heritage building registered with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. From 1887–1924 it was used by Christchurch City Council as their second civic offices providing room for meetings of the council and for housing staff before they moved to the Civic.
 The Dr.
 Washington Square originally designated in 1682 as Southeast Square is a 6.4 acres (2.6 ha) open-space park in Center City Philadelphia's southeast quadrant and one of the five original planned squares laid out on the city grid by William Penn's surveyor Thomas Holme. It is part of both the Washington Square West and Society Hill neighborhoods. In 2005 the National Park Service took over ownership and management of Washington Square through an easement from the City of Philadelphia.
 Poplar Springs is a historic home located near Charles City Charles City County Virginia. The original section was built in 1809 and expanded in 1840-1844. It is a 1 1/2-story three bay frame dwelling with a center-passage plan. It has a gable roof and brick exterior end chimney. It is representative of vernacular Tidewater Virginia architecture.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 Wedge International Tower usually capitalized as WEDGE International Tower is a skyscraper in Houston Texas. The building was formerly known as the Southwest Bank of Texas Building Unitedbank Plaza and 1415 Louisiana. The building rises 551 feet (168 m) in height. It contains 43 floors and was completed in 1983. Wedge International Tower currently stands as the 21st-tallest building in the city.
 The Church of San Michele Arcangelo (St Michele Archangel) is a 13th-century Romanesque church in Volterra Italy. The church is across the street from the Medieval Palazzo Maffei-Guarnacci (Casa Torre Toscano).While there is documentation dating a church on the site to the 10th century the Romanesque facade of the church partially embellished with marble and pietra dura striations dates to around 1285. In the arches are reliefs with the heraldic symbols of the Farnese family.
 The Arlington-Basswood Historic District encompasses a substantial residential development project of the Arlington Mills Company in Lawrence Massachusetts. Roughly bounded by Lawrence Alder Arlington and Juniper Streets the district includes 89 properties most of which are triple-deckers or other multiunit housing. The area was developed by the company between 1909 and 1925 to address local issues of overcrowding and poor sanitation.
 The Toaping Castle was a house in present-day Greenbelt Maryland built circa 1750 by Charles Isaac and Nathan Walker three brothers who fled to America from Scotland. The Walker brothers constructed the house on a 188-acre (0.76 km2) land grant in an area that eventually became Greenbelt. Samuel Hamilton Walker was born at Toaping Castle in 1817 and later served as a Texas Ranger and U.S.
 The Col. Ralph Andrews House at 517 W. Center St. in Beebe Arkansas was built in 1885. It was a work of a C.E. Price. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Vue at Lake Eola is a residential skyscraper in Downtown Orlando. It is the third tallest building in the city; being only two feet shorter than The Peabody Orlando and 15 feet (4.6 m) shorter than the Suntrust Center. It houses 34 floors of condos and has penthouses on its top level. The penthouses have access to the balcony on the 36th floor roof of the building.
 The Nesheim Bridge near McVille North Dakota is a Pratt through truss structure that was built in 1904. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was argued significant partly because it is the oldest documented metal truss bridge in Nelson County. It was built in 1904 as a replacement to a bridge named Sampson Crossing that was deemed in 1904 to be 'entirely useless' by county commissioners.
 The Lovell General Hospital South is a former hospital at Fort Devens. It was named after the first Surgeon General of the United States Army Joseph Lovell.
 The Goodhue Building is an office building in the downtown area of Beaumont Texas. Built in 1926 by Forrest Goodhue the building has 190 offices and is one of the most decorative structures in the area. The building has 11 stories and a penthouse.
 West View Schoolhouse is a historic public school building located at Weyers Cave Augusta County Virginia. It is a two-room schoolhouse with the first room built about 1875 and the second added by 1890. It is of frame construction with a limestone and brick foundation. The interior is considered the least altered and best preserved of all the surviving one- and two-room schools in Augusta County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Capt. Benjamin Locke House is a historic house at 21 Appleton Street in Arlington Massachusetts. Built c. 1720 this 2.5 story wood frame house is one of the oldest buildings in Arlington with a distinctive place in its history. It was the home of Benjamin Locke a captain of the Menotomy (as Arlington was then called) Minutemen and a skirmish of the 1775 Battles of Lexington and Concord took place near the house.
 The Chandanpura Masjid is a mosque situated in the old part (north) of Chittagong on the road to Kaptai in Bangladesh. It is famous landmark in Chittagong and a popular tourist attraction for its impressive architecture consisting of multiple domes and minarets painted in bright colors. Although it was renovated in 1952 the mosque has deteriorated over the years due to environmental factors such as air pollution.
 Denton Regional Medical Center or Denton Regional is a full-service hospital operated by Hospital Corporation of America and is located at 3535 South Interstate 35 southeast of downtown Denton Texas. It houses 200 beds and employs more than 850 employees and 285 physicians.
 One Bayfront Plaza is a skyscraper approved for construction in the U.S. city of Miami Florida. If completed the building would stand at 1010 feet (308 m) with 80 floors becoming the tallest building in Miami and Florida. One Bayfront Plaza would primarily consist of offices and hotel space but also would include a retail mall condominiums and parking garage on the lower levels as well as possibly an observation deck at the top.
 The Adams Avenue Bridge is a historic bridge in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It carries Adams Avenue over Tacony Creek in Tacony Creek Park.A two-lane triple-span closed-spandrel filled stone arch bridge built in 1901 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Christ Church Chapel is a religious building located at 61 Grosse Pointe Rd. in Grosse Pointe Farms Michigan. It is also known as the Christ Church Grosse Pointe or the Christ Episcopal Church. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1992 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Melbourne's Living Museum of the West is and ecomuseum and community social history museum in Melbourne's western suburb of Maribyrnong. It was established as part of Victoria's sesquicentenary in 1984 along with the Children's Museum and the Museum of Chinese Australian History.
 Cunningham-Hevener House is a historic home located at Upper Tract Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built about 1880 and is a two-story T-shaped Greek Revival / Italian Villa style masonry dwelling. It features a full width two-story porch supported by Ionic order columns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The South Broadway Neighborhood District is a historic residential area located near downtown Georgetown Kentucky. The neighborhood was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on December 19 1991.
 Tickford Priory was a medieval monastic house in Buckinghamshire England. It was established in 1140 by Fulconius paganel who was lord of the Manor of Newport Pagnell at the time also giving his name to the town. the priory was a cell of the Cluniac order at Marmoutier in Tours France. In 1524 Cardinal Wolsey annexed the superfluous house of Tickford for Christ Church College in Oxford together with all its wealth.
 The Dreibelbis Station Bridge is a 172-foot-long (52 m) Burr arch truss covered bridge spanning Maiden Creek south of Lenhartsville Pennsylvania. The bridge was built in 1869 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1981.
 The Hanover Bridge is a bridge spanning the Crow River between Hassan Township Minnesota in Hennepin County and Hanover in Wright County. It is one of the last remaining wrought iron pin-connected Pratt truss bridges in the state.
 Ternopil Regional Art Museum is a museum in the north-central part of Ternopil on Solomii Krushelnytskoi str. 1. It was founded in May 1 1991 on the base of the former art gallery — a department of museum of regional ethnography. The museum aims to research the stock education (lectures and excursions) exposition exhibition methodical and restoration work.
 The R.R. Gardner House is an historic house at 700 Curtis Corner Road in South Kingstown Rhode Island.The house was built in 1896 in a Queen Anne style and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.
 The National Museum of Afghanistan (Persian: موزیم ملی افغانستان Muzem-e milli-ye Afghanistan; Pashto: د افغانستان ملی موزیم‎ De Afghanistan Milli Meauziam) also known as the Afghan National Museum or sometimes the Kabul Museum is a two-story building located 9 km southwest of the center of Kabul City in Afghanistan.
 Wehr Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at South Whitehall Township Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It is a three span 117-foot-long (36 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1841. It has horizontal siding and gable roof. It crosses Jordan Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 San Babila is a church in Milan northern Italy. It was once considered the third most important in the city after the Duomo and the Basilica di Sant'Ambrogio. It is dedicated to saint Babylas of Antioch.At the beginning of the 5th century Marolus the bishop of Milan brought from Antioch to Milan relics of saints Babylas of Antioch and Romanus of Caesarea.
 Monte Cristo Cottage also known as Eugene O'Neill Summer House was the summer home of acclaimed Irish-American actor James O'Neill and of his family notably his son (with his wife Ella O'Neill) Nobel prize-winning American playwright Eugene O'Neill.
 Sugarloaf Mills formerly Discover Mills is a 1200000-square-foot (110000 m2) single story shopping mall in Lawrenceville Georgia with over 180 specialty retailers. The mall features 13 anchors as well as a variety of theme restaurants casual dining and entertainment venues.
 The Jefferson Ordnance Magazine in Jefferson Texas United States is located 0.3 miles northeast of the US-59B crossing of Big Cypress Bayou. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.It is located across the Big Cypress Bayou waterway from Jefferson and Cypress Bayou Railway. It is claimed by the railway operators and tour guides to be the only remaining Confederate powder magazine from the 1860s.
 C.M. Russell Museum Complex is an art museum located in the city of Great Falls Montana in the United States. The museum's primary function is to display the artwork of Great Falls cowboy artist Charles Marion Russell for whom the museum is named. The museum also displays illustrated letters by Russell work materials used by him and other items which help visitors understand the life and working habits of Russell.
 Wat Arun Ratchawararam Ratchawaramahawihan or Wat Arun (Thai pronunciation: [wát ʔarun] Temple of Dawn) is a Buddhist temple (wat) in Bangkok Yai district of Bangkok Thailand on the Thonburi west bank of the Chao Phraya River. The temple derives its name from the Hindu god Aruna often personified as the radiations of the rising sun. Wat Arun is among the best known of Thailand's landmarks and the first light of the morning reflects off the surface of the temple with pearly iridescence.
 St. James Episcopal Church is a historic church on Center Street in Old Town Maine.The church was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Varberg Hospital (Swedish: Sjukhuset i Varberg literally The Hospital in Varberg) is a hospital in Varberg Sweden. The hospital was completed in 1972 as a replacement of the old hospital in the city. After that the old hospital was demolished. Varberg Hospital has 450 beds for general medical care and 350 beds for psychiatric treatment.
 Public School No. 109 also known as Male and Female Primary School No. 5 and Broadway School was a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was a two story red brick utilitarian building featured a central tower capped by a pediment two large chimneys with arched openings and an entrance appendage on the south façade housing a stairwell. It was constructed in 1876 as an open plan school with classes separated by glass partitions.
 Energy Plaza is a skyscraper in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas north of Thanks-Giving Square at 1601 Bryan Street. Designed by I.M. Pei and Partners the building is 192 m (630 ft) and 49 stories making it the ninth tallest building in Dallas.The building itself is based on a design using three triangles.
 St. James Memorial Church of Eatontown is a historic church at 69 Broad Street in Eatontown Monmouth County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 First Church of Christ Congregational or Old First Church is a historic church at 50 Elm Street in Springfield Massachusetts. Built in 1819 the present structure is the fourth church building on the site and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The church is within the Court Square Historic District
 Hawa Mahal (Hindi: हवा महल translation: Palace of Winds or “Palace of the Breeze”) is a palace in Jaipur India. Built of red and pink sandstone the palace forms a part of the City Palace and extends to the zenana or women's chambers.
 The Alexander Nevsky Church is a Russian Orthodox church in Ganja (Azerbaijan) built in 1887. Services at the church are carried out on Saturdays and Sundays and also during the Twelve Great Feasts and Holidays. Andrey Bezotosny is currently the priest of the church.
 The Church of the Holy Sepulchre Cambridge is an Anglican church in the city of Cambridge England and is known locally as The Round Church. It is located on the corner of Round Church Street and Bridge Street. Since 1950 the church has been designated a Grade I listed building and is currently managed by Christian Heritage. It is one of the four medieval round churches still in use in England.
 St. Malachi Church is a historic Irish Roman Catholic mission church on St. Malachi Road in rural Londonderry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It is a mission of Our Lady of Consolation of Parkesburg. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The church is remarkable for its simplicity resembling a Quaker meeting house more than a Catholic parish church. It is a rectangular one story stone stucco-covered building.
 Barra Shopping is a shopping mall in Brazil. It is located in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro. It opened on October 27 1981.The Barra Shopping has 577 stores is 120000 m² in size and is usually wrongly said to be the biggest mall in Latin America title which no longer holds since Venezuela has a 620000 m². Even inside Brazil the biggest mall as of 2009 is the Shopping Aricanduva in São Paulo
 Natchaug Forest Lumber Shed is a historic building on Kingsbury Road in Natchaug State Forest in Eastford Connecticut.It was built in 1934 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Baghdad Hotel is a large hotel in Baghdad Iraq favored by Westerners after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The hotel overlooks the Tigris on its eastern bank.The Baghdad Hotel Bombing Terror Attack occurred on October 12 2003 when a car rigged with a bomb drove past a checkpoint near the hotel. It drove down a side street before it was fired on by guards and exploded killing the suicide bomber and six Iraqis. 32 other people were wounded including three U.S. soldiers.
 Renaissance Tower is a 113 m (371 ft) skyscraper in Sacramento California completed in 1989. The 28 storey tower was the tallest in the city when completed and is now the fifth.
 The Lutheran Cathedral of Saint Mary (German: Evangelische Stadtpfarrkirche in Hermannstadt Romanian: Biserica Evanghelică din Sibiu) is the most famous Gothic-style church in Sibiu Transylvania Romania. Its massive 73.34 m high steeple is a landmark of the city. The four turrets situated on top of the steeple were a sign to let foreigners know that the town had the right to sentence to death.
 The John Hendricks House and Dutch Barn is located along Old Post Road in Staatsburg New York United States. It is a late-18th-century stone house that once served as an inn along the Albany Post Road.A Dutch barn on the property also dates to that era. It underwent a number of renovations and additions in the Picturesque mode in the 19th century. The house was restored to its original appearance in the late 20th century. In 1984 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 William Henry Ludlow House is a historic home located at Claverack in Columbia County New York next to the Ludlow-Van Rensselaer House. It was built in 1786 and is a Georgian-style residence. It is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay center-entrance brick dwelling. The south facade features a finely crafted Palladian window. Also on the property are four large stone gate posts and an original mile marker.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The 1891 Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank building in Minneapolis Minnesota United States is a Beaux-Arts style building that formerly served as the headquarters of Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank. In 1942 the bank moved to a new location at 88 S. 6th St. at the corner of Sixth and Marquette.The building was designed by the locally prominent firm of Long and Kees as a one-story building.
 Holy Trinity Church Ryde is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ryde Isle of Wight.
 Empire Tower is the 44th-tallest structure[citation needed] in Toronto.
 The Cherry Hotel in Wilson North Carolina was built in 1917. It was designed by Charles Collins Benton in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The limestone Kendall County Courthouse and Jail are located in the San Antonio suburb of Boerne in the U.S. state of Texas. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1970.The courthouse was built as one story in 1870 on land donated by local surveyor John James and the limestone blocks came from local quarries. Philip Zoeller and S. F. Stendeback were the designers. In 1886 a second story was added by Charles Buckel.
 The Poeh Museum (Tewa translates poeh to mean pathway) is a museum in Pojoaque New Mexico U.S.A. The museum is located off U.S. Route 84. It is devoted to the arts and culture of the Puebloan peoples especially the Tewas in the northern part of the state. It was founded by Pojoaque Pueblo in 1987 and is housed in the Poeh Center. The museum organizes changing exhibitions and is a large repository of permanent artifacts and programs.
 Elisha Allen House is a historic house at 108 Homestead Road in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1738 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Vero Beach Diesel Power Plant (also known as the City of Vero Beach Municipal Power Plant) is a historic power plant in Vero Beach Florida. Located at 1246 19th Street the Vero Beach Diesel Power Plant was built in 1926 replacing an earlier power plant due to the areas extensive growth. It was built in the masonry vernacular style by architects Carter and Damerow and by the engineering firm of Kennard and Sons. The structure was the city's first public utilitarian facility.
 St Radegund’s Church Maplebeck is a Grade I listed Church of England parish in the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham in Maplebeck.
 The Narada Falls Comfort Station was built in Mount Rainier National Park by the National Park Service and the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1941-42. The public toilet building is close to Narada Falls in the south central portion of the park. Initial work by the Park Service encountered substantial rock excavation with the subsequent cost overrun requiring the Park Service to use CCC labor to complete the project.
 HM Prison Fairlea was an Australian female prison located on Yarra Bend Road in the suburb of Fairfield Victoria Australia. The first all-female prison in Victoria it was built on the site of the Yarra Bend Asylum with remnants of the walls and gates being used in the layout of the prison. In 1982 a deliberately lit fire led to the deaths of three inmates. The rebuilt and expanded prison reopened in 1986. The prison closed in 1996 due to privatisation of sections of the prison system.
 Loyd Hall Plantation is located in Cheneyville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 29 1977.
 Hickory Aviation Museum is an aerospace museum at the Hickory Regional Airport in Hickory North Carolina. It features a museum located in the former airport terminal with artifacts a hangar with aircraft and outdoor exhibits of aircraft on the former airport ramp.
 Targmanchats Vank (Armenian: Թարգմանչաց վանք; meaning Translators Monastery) of the 6th to 7th century is located within the village of Aygeshat in the Armavir Province of Armenia just off of the main road through town. The site is gated and one must inquire about accessing the church.
 Michael Kinzer House is a historic home located at Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. It was built about 1845 and is a two-story four-bay brick two-room-plan house. It features a decorative brick cornice. Also on the property is the contributing site of a brick kiln.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Church of the Transfiguration is a Roman Catholic parish community located in San Jose California. The parish serves 750 families in the Diocese of San Jose. The church was founded in 1965 as a parish of the Archdiocese of San Francisco and is named for the Transfiguration of Jesus.
 1717 Broadway is a skyscraper located in Manhattan New York City United States and is the tallest hotel in the Western Hemisphere. The building contains two hotels the Courtyard New York Manhattan/Central Park and the Residence Inn New York Manhattan/Central Park with a total of 639 rooms.
 The Museo Picasso Málaga is a museum in Málaga Andalusia Spain the city where artist Pablo Ruiz Picasso was born. It opened in 2003 in the Buenavista Palace and has 285 works donated by members of Picasso's family.
 Fort Beaufort Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Nkonkobe Local Municipality area in Fort Beaufort Eastern Cape in South Africa. The hospital departments include Emergency department Paediatric ward Maternity ward Out Patients Department Surgical Services Medical Services Operating Theatre & CSSD Services Pharmacy Anti-Retroviral (ARV) treatment for HIV/AIDS Post Trauma Counseling Services X-Ray Services Laundry Services Kitchen Services and Mortuary.
 The Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center is a division of Denver Health Medical Center an integrated health care organization based in Denver. In 1956 Dr. Winona Campbell a pediatrician at Denver Health founded the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center in a small closet of the pediatrics ward at Denver Health. Under her leadership pediatricians on duty managed the calls using reference books and filing cards.
 Thomas Atwood House also known as the Atwood-Higgins House is a historic colonial house in Wellfleet Massachusetts. It is included in the Cape Cod National Seashore and is owned by the National Park Service. It is located on Boundbrook Island and is the centerpiece of the Atwood-Higgins Historic District.The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Ebenezer Knowlton House is a historic house on Choate Road in Montville Maine.Rev. Ebenezer Knowlton an abolitionist Free Will Baptist minister Congressman and co-founder of Bates College lived in the house. It was built in 1827. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Archbishop's Palace of Seville (Palacio Arzobispal) is a palace in Seville Spain. It has served as the residence of bishops and archbishops of the episcopal sees and numerous nobleman and military figures to the present time. It is located in the southern section of Seville in the Plaza Virgen de los Reyes angled almost opposite the Giralda. It is situated on the northeastern side of Seville Cathedral in the neighborhood of Santa Cruz.
 The St. Mary Queen of Peace Basilica located in the Palayam/Cantonment area of the city of Thiruvananthapuram in the state of Kerala India is the first Syro-Malankara Catholic Church to be elevated to the rank of a Catholic basilica. It is the fourth basilica in Kerala.On November 10. 2008 at the St.
 Dal Pescatore is a restaurant in Canneto sull'Oglio Italy south of Mantova. The chefs are Nadia Santini Giovanni Santini and Bruna Santini. The restaurant was voted 48th best in the world in Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2009. It also has three Michelin stars.It is particularly famous for its tortelli stuffed with pumpkin amaretto Parmesan and mostarda.
 The Washington County Jail is a building in Fayetteville Arkansas built in 1896. This building was the fourth to serve as county jail and was in use until 1973 making it the longest tenured in county history.
 The Regional Archeological Museum Antonio Salinas (Italian: Museo Archeologico Regionale Antonio Salinas) is a museum in Palermo Italy. It possesses one of the richest collection of Punic and Ancient Greek art in Italy as well as many items related to the history of Sicily. Formerly the property of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri the museum is dedicated to Antonio Salinas a famous archaeologist and numismatist from Palermo.
 Jinkaku-ji (神角寺) is a Shingon temple in Bungo-ōno Ōita Prefecture Japan. Located within the Jinkakuji Serikawa Prefectural Natural Park the temple is said to have been established in 570 during the reign of Emperor Kimmei. The Hondō (1369) and Kamakura-period Kongōrikishi have been designated Important Cultural Properties. The roof of the main hall was repaired in 1963.
 The United Brethren in Christ Church also known as File Mile Chapel is a historic church building located southeast of Cincinnati in Anderson Township Hamilton County Ohio United States. Built in 1844 it is a stone building with a stone foundation and a slate roof.
 Oak Grove is a historic home located at La Plata Charles County Maryland United States. It was built in the early Federal style about 1800 and is a one story two part brick house of Flemish bond masonry. Two outbuildings date from the 19th century: a small frame dependency built about 1830 and a small corncrib with flanking sheds. Believed to be contemporary in age with the house it was extensively renovated and partially rebuilt at various times in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
 First Presbyterian Church is located in Muscatine Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania (37 ha / 92 acres) is the official arboretum of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It is located at 100 East Northwestern Avenue Chestnut Hill Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The arboretum is open daily except major holidays; an admission fee is charged.The arboretum was formerly the estate of John and Lydia Morris who purchased and landscaped much of the arboretum's current site starting from the 1880s.
 Bjørke Church (Norwegian: Bjørke kyrkje also known as Storfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Bjørke. The church is part of the Storfjorden parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1919 by the architect Mathias Brække. The church seats about 200 people. The church was consecrated on 16 September 1920 by Bishop Peter Hognestad.
 The Antioch Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located at 500 North McKinney Road in Sherrill Arkansas.The cemetery is located behind the Antioch Missionary Baptist Church.The earliest graves are of emancipated slaves originally enslaved on the Good Hope Plantation in South Carolina but moved to Jefferson County Arkansas in 1860.Reverenced Louis Mazique a leader in the community was the earliest documented burial in 1885.The cemetery continues to be used today although infrequently.
 The Hollybush at Stockton Brook Stoke on Trent Staffordshire is a public house situated adjacent to the Caldon branch of the Trent & Mersey canal approximately 5 miles from Hanley just off the A53 Leek road.'The Holly Bush' was originally owned by John Joules Brewery of Stone and in 1911 Mr Jesse Jodrell replaced Mr S Podmore as the tenant.
 The São Paulo Museum of Art (in Portuguese Museu de Arte de São Paulo or MASP) is an art museum located on Paulista Avenue in the city of São Paulo Brazil.
 Musée du Pays de Hanau is a museum in Bouxwiller in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
 Markle Banking & Trust Company Building also known as the Markle Bank Building and Northeastern Building is a historic bank building located at Hazleton Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1910 and renovated in 1923 and 1928. It is an 11-story commercial building 3 bays wide and 7 bays deep with a 6-story addition in the Classical Revival style. It is constructed of reinforced concrete with limestone facing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Jokkmokk Church (also known as Jokkmokk New Church) is a church in Jokkmokk in the Jokkmokk Municipality. It is the parish church.
 Bodin Church (Norwegian: Bodin kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the town of Bodø. The church is part of the Bodin parish in the Bodø deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white stone church was built around the year 1240.
 The Milwaukee County Historical Society also known as MCHS is the largest of a network of local historical societies in Milwaukee County Wisconsin. It was founded in 1935 and is located in downtown Milwaukee in the former Second Ward Savings Bank building that was deeded to the county in the 1960s. The Milwaukee County Historical Society was formed to preserve collect recognize and make available materials related to Milwaukee County history.MCHS is home to the Harry H.
 Quogue Life-Saving Station is a historic life-saving station located at Quogue in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1912 by the United States Life-Saving Service in the Shingle Style. It is a 1 1⁄2-story gable-roofed structure. It features a 4-story wood-shingled tower topped by a hipped roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 St. Joseph Roman Catholic Church and Rectory was a historic Roman Catholic church and rectory located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The structure has been preserved as monument after a disastrous fire.
 The Arlington Club is a private social club organized in 1867 by 35 business and banking leaders of Portland in the US state of Oregon. First called the Social Club and later renamed the Arlington Club it offered its all-male members most of whom were relatively wealthy and powerful an exclusive place to socialize and discuss their interests.During its first century a total of more than 3300 men were club members at one time or another.
 Newcomb's Ranch is a roadhouse at 5340 feet (1630 m) in elevation in the Angeles National Forest near Los Angeles California. It is the only private property along the Angeles Crest Highway and is very popular with motorcyclists and is called the informal headquarters for riders by the Los Angeles Magazine and one of Southern California's most famous Rickey Racer Roadhouses by Motorcyclist.
 The Red University Building (Ukrainian: Червоний корпус Київского університету; translit.: Chervonyi Korpus Universytetu Russian: Красный корпус Киевского университета translit. Krasnyi Korpus Universiteta) is the principal and oldest 4-story campus of the Kiev University located at 60 Volodymyrska Street in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. This building is a worldwide famous symbol of the Kiev University and the Ukrainian fundamental higher educational system.
 The Edward H. and Bertha R. Keller House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon in the United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.An early example of the work of Elmer Feig and one of only seven known single-family residences designed by Feig the house is a Tudor Revival or English Cottage Revival structure with a steep roof and rolled eaves meant to simulate a thatched roof punctuated by eyebrow dormer windows.
 Church of the Immaculate Conception is a church and parish located in Pulau Tikus Penang Malaysia. The church was founded in 1811 and is the second oldest church in the diocese after Church of the Assumption.
 Anawan Club Clubhouse and Caretaker's House is an historic house at 13 Gorham Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The clubhouse is a log building built in 1898 and added to about 1913; the caretakers house is a much older colonial house.The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Fairbanks Flats are located in Beloit Wisconsin. In 1983 they were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Captain Oliver Gardiner House is an historic house at 4451 Post Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1750 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Smith-Ripley House also known as Ripley House Museum is a historic home located at Adams in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1854 and is a two-story Italianate style house with an 1883 two story addition in the southeast corner and a 1967 one story addition in the rear. Sitting on a stone foundation the main block is three bays wide and three bays deep. The exterior is red brick construction with the exception of the wood 1967 addition.
 Friars Square is a shopping centre located in the town centre of Aylesbury. The landlord is the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) and managed by Grosvenor Fund Management.The shopping centre is a mixed use development incorporating elements of a previous shopping centre development of the same name. Friars Square includes over 60 shops and restaurants offices 400-space multi-storey car park and bus station. The Cloisters indoor market was closed in 2012.
 Gen. William Montgomery House is a historic home located at Danville in Montour County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone house with a pedimented gable roof. The main house is three bays by two bays. Attached to the stone structure is a gable-roofed 2 1⁄2-story log and frame structure thought to have been the original Montgomery House and constructed about 1777. It was the home of the developer of Danville Gen.
 The Millard-Souther-Green House is a historic house at 218 Green Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1700 it is one of the oldest buildings in Stoneham. It is a two story timber frame structure with an asymmetrical four bay facade. The entry is in the second bay from the left with the slightly off-center chimney behind. The house was likely built by Thomas Millard who sold it to the Souther family in 1725.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Ashley Centre (previously The Mall Ashley) is a shopping centre in Epsom Surrey.The Ashley Centre was opened in 1984 by Queen Elizabeth II as The Ashley Centre a development combined of shops a multi-storey car park office space and a theatre space. In 2005 it was acquired by The Mall Company and rebranded throughout as The Mall Ashley. In 2009 the centre was sold again and purchased by Bride Hall Group.
 St Matthew's Church Westminster was built between 1849 and 1851 to the design of Sir George Gilbert Scott assisted by his brother-in-law George Frederick Bodley. Subsequently Sir Ninian Comper added the Lady Chapel (approached by the staircase in the Narthex). The interior was greatly enriched by the work of Bodley Charles Kempe W.E. Tower and Martin Travers. Kempe and Comper studied under Bodley; Tower was Kempe’s partner and Martin Travers was the pupil of Comper.
 The Henrico Theatre is an Art Deco style building that was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Beall's Pleasure is a historic home located in Landover Prince George's County Maryland United States. It was built in 1795 as the summer home of Benjamin Stoddert who later became the first Secretary of the Navy.The building is a 2-story Federal brick house with a 1 1⁄2-story brick wing added in 1936. The building is 5 bays wide in the front and 3 at the rear. The brick has been laid in common bond.The garden was landscaped in 1936 by Boris V.
 Maison Cartier is a historic house in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located on Place Jacques-Cartier in Old Montreal. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada on November 19 1982.It was constructed from 1812 to 1813 by mason Amable Amiot dit Villeneuve and carpenter Antoine Bouteiller. The walls which are made of ashlar along with the dormers on the roof are considered to be examples of Quebec's urban architecture in the early Nineteenth century.
 Friendship House (also known as The Maples Maple Square or Duncanson House) is a Georgian townhouse located at 619 D Street (630 South Carolina Avenue) Southeast Washington D.C. in the Capitol Hill neighborhood.
 US Post Office-Fort Plain is a historic post office building located at Fort Plain in Montgomery County New York United States. It was built in 1931 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department under James A. Wetmore. It is a two story symmetrical brick building with a one story rear wing in the Colonial Revival style.
 Hässelby Castle (Hässelby slott) is a castle located in Hässelby gård in the west part of Stockholm Municipality. It is since 2010 owned by SIVAB and it's opened for weddings parties and conferences.
 Broughton Hall is a Gothic house at Yew Tree Lane West Derby Liverpool England built in 1860 for Gustavus C. Schaube a Liverpool merchant originating from Hamburg. The conservatory added between 1870 and 1880 is of special interest.The house was used as a preparatory school run by Roman Catholic nuns but now Broughton Hall is an all-girls Roman Catholic comprehensive school with boys in the sixth form.
 The William Murray House is a historic First Period house at 39 Essex Street on the east side of Salem Massachusetts. It is a two story wood frame house that consists of two distinct sections that have not always been treated as a single unit. Its construction history provides a window into 17th and 18th century building methods. The easternmost section was built c. 1688 and is three window bays wide and a single room in depth.
 St Mary and All Saints Church Great Budworth is in the centre of the village of Great Budworth Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth. Clifton-Taylor includes it in his list of 'best' English parish churches. Richards describes it as one of the finest examples of ecclesiastical architecture remaining in Cheshire.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a historic church at Tenth Avenue and Twelfth Street South in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Newington House is a historic house in Silverwater New South Wales Australia and is located 20 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Auburn Council. The house and chapel are sited on the northern bank of the Parramatta River and are now enclosed by the Silverwater Correctional Centre.
 The Cummins School is a historic former school building in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Built in 1871 in the neighborhood of Walnut Hills it was later used as a model for the construction of other city school buildings.One of several Cincinnati school buildings designed by Samuel Hannaford the Cummins School is a 3 1⁄2-story building. Built of brick with a stone foundation it is topped with an asphalt roof and includes other elements of stone.
 First Presbyterian Church Complex also known as United Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Cortland in Cortland County New York. It was built in 1889-1890 and is a solid massed masonry building consisting of a central hip-roofed main block fronted by steeply pitched gable projections. Major additions to the original church were completed in 1922 and 1958. The church features a stout multi stage bell tower with a tall steeple and prominent cross on the spire.
 The Houses at 838-862 Brightridge Street in the Perry South neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA were built in 1887 on both sides of what was then called Brighton Place. Twelve houses were built on the north side of the street and 13 were built on the south side. They are similar in size and floor plan to the row houses on Charles Street that were also built by William A. Stone who later became governor of Pennsylvania.
 The Arlington Resort Hotel & Spa is a resort in the Ouachita Mountains of Hot Springs National Park Arkansas home of Oaklawn Race Track and the Arkansas Derby. The Arlington's sister hotel was the Baker Hotel in Mineral Wells Texas.[citation needed] The hotel is located at the north end of Bathhouse Row.
 SS Peter & Paul Parish is a Roman Catholic parish designated for Polish immigrants in Three Rivers Massachusetts United States. It was founded 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.Sts. Peter and Paul Parish merged with St. Anne Parish in 2010 to form Divine Mercy Parish in Sts. Peter and Paul's facilities.
 Cairns-Whitten-Blauvelt House is a historic house located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. Built in 1770 by Douglas Cairns it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The United States Courthouse previously known as Institute Hall Opera Hall and Memorial Hall is a building in Natchez Mississippi that was initially constructed from 1851 to 1853 for use as an educational building. It has served a variety of public purposes in the intervening years. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. In 2007 it was rededicated as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi.
 Turkansaari is an island in Oulujoki river with an open air museum in Madekoski neighbourhood in Oulu Finland. The museum is run by Northern Ostrobothnia museum.Turkansaari island has been an ancient market place for Russian traders in Oulujoki river. The open-air museum was started out when the old church from the year 1694 was restored on the island in 1922.Every summer there is a tar kiln lit to produce tar in the traditional way.
 Castle Cary and District Museum is a small local museum in Castle Cary Somerset England.The museum is housed in the Market house a grade II* listed building built in 1855 in anticipation of increased trade after the projected arrival of the railway in 1856 by F.C. Penrose. It replaced the former house on the site which had stood since 1616 and incorporating some features from the earlier building.
 Hospital for Special Surgery (HSS) is a hospital in New York City that specializes in orthopedic surgery and the treatment of rheumatologic conditions.Founded in 1863 by James Knight HSS is the oldest orthopedic hospital in the United States and is considered one of the top hospitals in the world for joint replacement. The hospital also performs the most knee replacement surgeries of any hospital in the United States. Thomas Sculco M.D.
 The Benjamin Colton House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1770 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 St. Rupert's Church (German: Ruprechtskirche) is a Romanesque church in Vienna Austria. Traditionally considered to be the oldest church in the city St. Rupert's Church is dedicated to Saint Rupert of Salzburg patron saint of the salt merchants of Vienna. The church is located in one of the oldest parts of the city the section of the Roman Vindobona.There is currently some debate whether the Ruprechtskirche is truly the oldest church in Vienna. Discoveries of old foundations under the St.
 The Art Pavilion in Zagreb (Croatian: Umjetnički paviljon u Zagrebu) is an art gallery in Zagreb Croatia. The Pavilion is located in the Lower Town area of the city south of Nikola Šubić Zrinski Square and just north of the King Tomislav Square with the Zagreb Central Station. Established in 1898 it is the oldest gallery in the Southeast Europe and the only purpose-built gallery in Zagreb designed specifically to accommodate large scale exhibitions.
 Lawndale School also known as Cedar Grove Christian Academy is a historic school building located in the Lawndale neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1903-1904 and is a two-story three-bay stone-faced brick building in the Colonial Revival style. Two two-story wings designed by Irwin T. Catharine were added in the 1920s. It features heavy stone sills and lintels and a crenellated parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Deacon John Moore House is a historic home in Windsor Connecticut that was built in 1664.John Moore was the son of Thomas Moore. Both men were born in England and moved to Windsor. They arrived from England on the ship Mary and John and landed in Dorchester Massachusetts in 1630 with two prominent ministers of the time John Maverick and John Warham.
 The Owen County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Spencer Indiana United States. Built in 1911 it was the work of Jesse Johnson and Christian Kanzler & Son. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Kochendefer Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Saville Township in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 72-foot-long (22 m) modified king post queen post truss bridge constructed in 1919. It crosses Big Buffalo Creek. Its WGCB reference is 38-50-09.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The One McKinley Place is a high-end residential condominium located across Pacific Plaza Towers in Bonifacio Global City Philippines. The 43-storey building was completed in 2004 and rises to 149 metres (489 feet) from the ground to its architectural top. It was the tallest single residential tower in Bonifacio Global City until the completion of The Infinity Fort Bonifacio in 2011.
 John Hoge House also known as the Crozier Eaton House is a historic home located at Belspring Pulaski County Virginia. The original section was built about 1800 as a two-story log dwelling with a hall-parlor plan. In the third quarter of the 19th century a major frame addition was made to the house transforming it to a two-story three bay central hall plan dwelling.
 The Skowhegan School of Art is a nine week summer artists' residency located in Madison Maine and founded there in 1947.
 Frankford (Preparative) Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Its oldest parts having been built in 1775–1776 it is significant as the oldest surviving meeting house in Philadelphia.Located at the corner of Unity and Waln Streets it is now used also as a community center.
 This article is about the hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. For the hospital in Victoria British Columbia Canada see Victoria General Hospital.Victoria General Hospital is a general hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada founded in 1911. Originally it was located in the Osborne Village but since 1971 it has been in its present location in south Winnipeg beside the University of Manitoba. Today it is a community hospital with 231 beds and employs more than 1200 people.
 Capt. Benjamin James House is an historic house at 301 Driftway in Scituate Massachusetts.The house was built in 1700 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Benjamin James House is now the Maritime and Irish Mossing Museum owned and maintained by the Scituate Historical Society. There are exhibits of the mossing industry ship building on the North River shipwrecks life saving. Open Sunday afternoons 1-4 p.m. Sept through June. Sat and Sun July and August.
 The Enfield Shakers Historic District in Enfield Connecticut has significance dating to 1827. It was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included 15 contributing buildings and one contributing site.It is significant for its association with the Shakers who lived there and for the architecture reflecting their social values and Utopian community lifestyle.
 The Hotel Casa del Mar is a historic luxury hotel located on the beach in Santa Monica California.
 St. Thomas Roman Catholic Church and Howard-Flaget House is a historic Roman Catholic church and home located at Bardstown Nelson County Kentucky. The church is a brick cross-shaped plan with a round apse. It was designed by Baltimore architect Maximilian Godefroy and built 1813-1816. It closely resembles Godefroy's earlier St. Mary's Seminary Chapel in Baltimore another Sulpician church. St.
 The Hospital das Clínicas da Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade de São Paulo (University of São Paulo Faculty of Medicine Clinics Hospital) is a complex of health institutions located in various regions of the city of São Paulo Brazil. Founded on April 19 1944 it occupies a total area of 352000 square meters and offers 2200 beds distributed between its six specialized institutes.
 Mercure Hotel Canberra historically known as the Hotel Ainslie and Olims is a historic four star hotel located in the inner Canberra suburb of Braddon Australian Capital Territory. It is the closest major hotel to the Australian War Memorial and is located on Limestone Avenue.
 The Vamar (originally christened the Kilmarnock) is an English shipwreck (which sank on March 21 1942) near Mexico Beach Florida United States. It is located 3.7 miles offshore from Mexico Beach. It became the ninth Florida Underwater Archaeological Preserve when it was dedicated in 2004. On April 10 2006 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 St Martin's Church is a Grade I listed Anglican church dedicated to Martin of Tours in Ancaster Lincolnshire England. The church is situated 6 miles (10 km) north-east from Grantham below the southern edge of the Lincoln Cliff and at the side of High Dyke part of the old Ermine Street Roman road. St Martin's is in the ecclesiastical parish of Ancaster and Wilsford in the Deanery of Loveden and the Diocese of Lincoln.
 Chicago Place is a mixed-use high-rise on the 700 block of North Michigan Avenue (between Huron and Superior) in Chicago along the Magnificent Mile anchored by Saks Fifth Avenue According to the Chicago Tribune as of Feb 2009 the mall portion is now shuttered and will be converted to office space. Above that is a tower containing condominiums.
 Saint Andrew's Chapel is a historic chapel on Washington Mountain Road in Washington Massachusetts. It was built in 1899 as a gift of a wealthy New Yorker George Crane and was built next to his estate Buckstep Manor. It was built of stone in the Gothic Revival style and was designed by Pittsfield architect George C. Harding. Services were only held in the chapel when the Cranes were in residence and ownership of the chapel and Crane's estate passed to the Episcopal diocese.
 For the London England theatre venue see Victoria Palace Theatre.Victoria Palace (Romanian: Palatul Victoria) is a palace in Victory Square Bucharest built in 1937  which is the headquarters of the Prime Minister of Romania and his cabinet.The palace was build under the supervision of Duiliu Marcu (1885-1966) student of the Bucharest Superior School of Architecture (1906) and of Paris Ecole de Beaux – Arts (diplomat in 1912).
 St Paul's Church Boughton overlooks the River Dee in the city of Chester Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Chester. In the series Buildings of England the architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner stated that he regarded it as the boldest of Douglas' church designs.
 The Church of St Bartholomew at East Lyng in the parish of Lyng Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The Anglican church is dedicated to St Bartholomew and is thought to have been built by the monks who were displaced from Athelney Abbey when it was dissolved by King Henry VIII of England in 1539.The ornate three-stage tower which was built around 1497 is of lias with hamstone dressings supported by set-back buttresses connected diagonally across the angles of the tower on the bottom two stages; these terminate as diagonal pinnacles on shafts at the third stage. 
 St James' Church Burton-in-Kendal is in the village of Burton-in-Kendal Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with that of Holy Trinity Holme. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 A churrascaria (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʃuʁaskaˈɾi.ɐ]) is a place where meat is cooked in Churrasco style which translates roughly from the Portuguese for 'barbecue'.
 One Financial Place is a 515ft (157m) tall skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. It was completed in 1985 and has 39 floors. Skidmore Owings & Merrill designed the building which is tied with 401 East Ontario as the 78th tallest building in Chicago.One Financial Place houses the Chicago Stock Exchange. The highly-acclaimed restaurant Everest and a boutique hotel are located on the top floor.
 Three Squares Historic District is a national historic district located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It includes 75 contributing buildings one contributing site and one contributing object. It encompasses Glens Falls historic and contemporary commercial center. The buildings generally consist of brick commercial office and institutional structures between two and five stories in height.
 Capital Hilton is a hotel building located in Washington D.C the capital of the United States. The building began construction in 1940 and was completed in 1943 as the Statler Hotel Washington. Upon its completion the building rose 150 feet (46 m) comprising 13 floors. The architect of the early modern style building was Holabird & Root LLC A.R. Clas Associates.
 Arborland Center is a power center located in Ann Arbor Michigan United States. Opened in 1961 as an unenclosed shopping mall the center was redeveloped as a power center in 1998. Current anchor stores include Marshalls PetSmart Bed Bath & Beyond and Toys-R-Us.
 The Shakespeare Inn (grid reference ST592726) is an historic public house situated on Victoria Street Bristol England. (Not to be confused with the Shakespeare Public House Bristol.)It was built in the 17th century dated 1636 on the front as a timber framed house. It was extensively restored in 1950 under the direction of F.L. Hannam and re-roofed in 1992. It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The Schmidt Block is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is immediately adjacent to the Union Arcade building which is also listed on the NRHP.
 Museo Casa Enzo Ferrari (also known as Museo Enzo Ferrari) is a museum in Modena focused on the life and work of Enzo Ferrari the founder of the Ferrari sports car marque.
 The Gramercy Residences also known as The Gramercy Residences at Century City is a residential high-rise condominium in Makati City Philippines. It is the first of several building projects to be built at the new Century City area along Kalayaan Avenue. The building takes its name from Gramercy Park a fenced-in private park in one of Manhattan New York City's prestigious neighborhoods.
 The Sousa Archives and Center for American Music (SACAM) documents American music through historical artifacts and archival records in multiple formats. The Center is part of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign library system and the University of Illinois School of Music.Among the Center's important collections are archives of John Philip Sousa Albert Austin Harding (Illinois' first band-master) Herbert L. Clarke and the University of Illinois Bands.
 The Church of St Mary and All Saints Fotheringhay is a parish church in the Church of England in Fotheringhay Northamptonshire. It is noted for containing a mausoleum to leading members of the Yorkist dynasty of the Wars of the Roses.
 Fort DuPont named in honor of Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont is located between Delaware City and the modern Chesapeake and Delaware Canal on the original Reeden Point tract which was granted to Henry Ward in 1675. The first fortification built was the Ten Gun Battery an auxiliary to nearby Fort Delaware during the American Civil War. A twenty-gun battery was constructed on the reservation during the 1870s followed by a mine control casemate in 1892.
 The Mineral County Museum is located at 400 Tenth Street Hawthorne Nevada. It has over 15000 square feet of display space. The collection includes antique clothing mining equipment minerals photographs horse-drawn carriages and fire equipment.
 St Peter's Church Little Budworth is located in the village of Little Budworth Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Mary Whitegate.
 The Ayden Historic District in Ayden North Carolina is a 146-acre (59 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It includes works by Benton & Benton Associates and Leila Ross Wilburn. It includes Bungalow/Craftsman Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals and Late Victorian architecture. The 1994 listing included 319 contributing buildings and six contributing structures.
 The Orange County Government Center located on Main Street (NY 207) in Goshen New York is as its name suggests the main office of the government of Orange County. It houses most county officials' offices and meetings of the county legislature. The records of Orange County Court and all deeds and mortgages filed in the county are kept there as well. An office of the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles is located on the first floor.
 Hotel Beau Rivage Mekong is a hotel in Vientiane Laos located on Fa Ngum Road in Ban Seetarn Neua. It overlooks the Mekong River and is recognisable by its pink facade. The rooms are mostly decorated in shades of blue.The hotel is surrounded by the Pakpak Technical School the Lao Development Bank and the Fujwara Japanese Restaurant.
 St Odoceus' Church Llandawke is a redundant church situated in a hollow near the road between Llandawke and Laugharne in Carmarthenshire Wales. It has been designated by Cadw as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Shiraz World Trade Center is a mixed-use development project currently under construction in Shiraz Iran.
 The Ankeny Building is an historic structure located in downtown Clinton Iowa United States. Chicago architect Harold Holmes designed the building in the Art Deco style. It was built by Daniel Haring in 1931. The exterior is covered with cream-colored terra cotta panels. The windows on the second floor are examples of the Chicago School and they are composed of steel and lass. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Imagination Station Science & History Museum is an interactive science museum located in downtown Wilson North Carolina at 224 East Nash Street. It is housed in the former Wilson Federal Building which served as a post office with a federal courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina from its construction in 1928.
 The Galleria at Tyler formerly known as the Tyler Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Riverside California United States. Initially a single story facility with three two-story anchor tenants the mall was renovated in 1991 to add a second level and a fourth anchor tenant Nordstrom.
 The Church of the Holy Mother of God of the Mens Monastery also known as Pashavank Armenian: Պաշավանք was an Armenian Apostolic church in the city of Tbilisi located on the right bank of the Kura River.
 The Bend Amateur Athletic Club Gymnasium is a historic building in Bend Oregon United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983. The building was designed by Lee Arden Thomas and built by Guy H. Wilson.
 The Alice Springs Correctional Centre an Australian medium to maximum security prison for males and females is located 25 kilometres (16 mi) outside Alice Springs Northern Territory Australia. The centre is managed by Northern Territory Correctional Services an agency of the Department of Justice of the Government of the Northern Territory. The centre detains sentenced and charged felons under Northern Territory and/or Commonwealth law.
 Brighton Museum & Art Gallery is a free-to-view municipally-owned public museum and art gallery in the city of Brighton and Hove in the South East of England. It is part of Royal Pavilion & Museums Brighton and Hove.
 The Jacques and Amelia Reinhart House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a 2.5-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places. A Colonial Revival structure built in 1911 it was added to the register in 1985. It was the first house built in Portland's Eastmoreland district near Reed College.
 The Heraklion Archaeological Museum is a museum located in Heraklion on Crete. It is one of the greatest museums in Greece and the best in the world for Minoan art as it contains the most notable and complete collection of artifacts of the Minoan civilization of Crete.[citation needed]
 Isaiah Church (Danish: Esajas Kirke) is a Lutheran church in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Little Neck Cemetery is a historic cemetery off Read Street in East Providence Rhode Island.The cemetery was founded in 1655 and is one of the oldest colonial cemeteries in Rhode Island. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Smyrna Methodist Church is a historic church in Center Hill Arkansas.It was built in 1854 and added to the National Register in 1992.
 El Rey Inn is located at 1862 Cerrillos Road in Santa Fe New Mexico. This inn spans 5 acres and is located near what used to be Route 66. The property includes traditional adobe style buildings surrounded by gardens.
 The Fayette County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at 110 East Court Street in Washington Courthouse Ohio. On July 2 1973 it was added to the National Register.
 The Governor William Sprague Mansion is an historic mansion and museum in Cranston Rhode Island at 1351 Cranston Street.The house was built around 1790. The house was the birthplace of Governor William Sprague III and his nephew Governor William Sprague IV. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 St Thomas' Church Parkgate is located in School Lane Parkgate Cheshire England. It is an Anglican chapel of ease in the parish of St Mary and St Helen Neston the deanery of Wirral South the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. Because of its earlier associations with the fishing community it has been called the Fisherman's Church.
 Ludlow Hospital is an NHS community hospital located in Ludlow Shropshire England. Formerly managed by Shropshire County NHS Primary Care Trust it is now run by the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust.The hospital has a variety of outpatients departments a minor injuries unit and a maternity department. It also has two inpatient wards used for rehabilitation and medicine for the elderly.It is located on Gravel Hill (and also alongside New Road) within the town of Ludlow.
 Freshwater Place is a premium high-rise residential skyscraper in the Southbank district of Melbourne Australia. The building stands at 205 metres and is currently the 8th tallest building in Melbourne.[citation needed] It has a total of 536 apartment units. The residential tower has three sections: podium mid rise and high rise. The high rise section has a common area on the 40th floor known as the Skyline Club which houses an infinity pool spa and steam room gym and theatre.
 The Soccer Hall of Fame in Vaughan Ontario was founded in 1997. It was incorporated by the Ontario Soccer Association. The Hall aims to celebrate and highlight the achievements of top Canadian association footballers as well as 'builders' of the sport of association football in Canada. New members are added each year seven male players one female player three builders. An additional builder is awarded a 'Pioneer Award'. Teams and organizations are also inducted each year.
 The Vine Tree is a public house situated in Monnow Street in the town of Monmouth Wales. The building has been a Grade II Listed building since 18 November 1970.
 The Market Theatre based in the vibrant inner-city suburb of Newtown in Johannesburg South Africa was opened in 1976 operating as an independent non-racial theatre during the country’s apartheid regime. It is named after the site on which it stands which was originally a produce market also known as the Old Indian Market or the Newtown Market which closed after 60 years of trade and relocated to another part of the city.
 St Salvator's Chapel is one of two collegiate chapels belonging to the University of St Andrews the other being St Leonard's Chapel. It was founded in 1450 by Bishop James Kennedy built in the Late Gothic architectural style and refurbished in the 1680s 1860s and throughout the 20th century.
 St. Ann's Church St. Ann's Well Road was a Church of England church in Nottingham on St. Ann's Well Road between 1864 and 1971.
 Novotel Century Hong Kong (Chinese: 世紀香港酒店) is a 4-star hotel in Hong Kong. It is located at 238 Jaffe Road at the junction of Jaffe Road and Steward Road in Wan Chai.Novotel Century Hong Kong is a convention and business hotel located close to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. It is equipped with business and meeting facilities three restaurants a bar health club swimming pool sauna and a range of leisure facilities.
 7 Race Course Road (officially: Panchavati and also 7 RCR) is the official residence and principal workplace of the Prime Minister of India where he lives and holds most of his official or political meetings. Situated on Race Course Road New Delhi the official name of the PM's residence complex is Panchavati.
 The Logan Utah Temple (formerly the Logan Temple) is the 4th constructed and 2nd operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Located in the city of Logan Utah it was the second LDS temple built in the Rocky Mountains (after the St. George Utah Temple).The LDS temple in Logan was announced on May 18 1877 just after the dedication of the St. George Utah Temple in April 1877. The site of the Logan Temple had been held in reserve for many years.
 Alūksne Castle (Latvian: Marienburgas pils Alūksnes pils; German: Marienburg) is a castle of Teutonic Knights in current Alūksne North-Eastern Latvia.
 Cripple Creek Historic District is a historic district including Cripple Creek Colorado USA and is significant for its gold mining era history.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.Many Cripple Creek buildings post-date the gold mining era. The district includes a number of surviving structures possibly including the following seven:The Midland Terminal DepotTeller County CourthouseThe Imperial HotelThe Old HomesteadSt.
 Arabella Station is located in New Orleans Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 4 1996. It is now a Whole Foods for Uptown New Orleans.
 Pothier House is a historic house at 172 Pond Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The late-Victorian house was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Rooms is a cultural facility in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The facility opened in 2005 and houses the Art Gallery of Newfoundland and Labrador the Provincial Archives of Newfoundland and Labrador and the Provincial Museum of Newfoundland and Labrador.The facility was constructed on a hill overlooking the port city at a historic location once occupied by Fort Townshend. The building can be seen from almost any point in St.
 The Bonnington Tower is a 41-floor tower part of the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 150 m (491 ft). Construction of The Bonnington Tower is expected to be completed in 2008. Following completion on 30 December 2008 the hotel opened for business in 2009 and now is recognised as one of the top 10% of hotels in Dubai. It is located just 5 minutes walk from the JLT metro station and 25 minutes walk from the beach at JBR.
 First Congregational and Presbyterian Society Church of Westport now known as United Church of Christ of Wadhams is a historic Congregational church on Main Street/CR 10 in Westport Essex County New York. It was built in 1837 and is a vernacular Federal style meeting house form building. It is a one story building with clapboard exterior siding and a simple gable roof. It features a two tiered belfry with dome shaped roof above the west gable end.
 The Wright Medical Center is a hospital in Clarion Iowa United States.
 Fort George was an extension to the fortified walls of Bombay (now Mumbai) built in 1769; it was situated in the present Fort area to the east on the site of the former Dongri Fort. The hill on which the Dongri fort stood was razed and in its place Fort George was built. In 1862 the fort was demolished.
 The Neiman Marcus Building is a historic commercial structure located in the Main Street District in downtown Dallas Texas (USA). The structure a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark is the corporate headquarters and flagship store of Neiman Marcus. It is the last of the original department stores still serving downtown Dallas.
 Le Calandre is a restaurant in Padua Italy. The chef is Massimiliano Alajmo the world's youngest chef to have achieved the third Michelin star at the age of 28.The restaurant was voted 36th best in the world in Restaurant (magazine) Top 50 2008.
 St. Paul's Cathedral in London Ontario Canada is the seat of the Diocese of Huron of the Anglican Church of Canada. It was designed in the Gothic revival style by William Thomas and built between 1844 and 1846 replacing the previous church which was built in 1834 and burned down in 1844. It is the oldest church in the city. In 1966 the cathedral commissioned its history to be written by the Rev. Orlo Miller.
 The Jerome First Baptist Church is a church located near Jerome Idaho that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was built in 1931 by master stonemason H.T. Pugh and others.The Romanesque style church was built in 1931 and added to the Register in 1983.
 The Parker County Courthouse is an historic building located at Courthouse Square in Weatherford Texas the seat of Parker County. It was constructed in 1884 in the Second Empire style.The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 21 1971.
 Weyer Castle (German: Burgruine Weyer) is a ruined castle in Bramberg am Wildkogel Salzburg Austria.
 Midford Castle is a folly castle in the village of Midford and the parish of Southstoke 3 miles (5 km) south of Bath Somerset England.The castle was built in 1775 for Henry Disney Roebuck from designs by John Carter in the shape of the clubs symbol used in playing cards (♣).
 Brown Memorial Park Avenue Presbyterian Church of Baltimore Maryland U.S. is a large Gothic Revival-style church built in 1870 and located at Park and Lafayette Avenues in the city's Bolton Hill section. Named in memory of a 19th-century Baltimore financier the ornate church is noted for its exquisite stained glass windows by renowned artist Louis Comfort Tiffany soaring vaulted ceiling and the prominent persons associated with its history.
 The MetroHealth System is a nationally ranked non-profit county operated health care system located in Cleveland Ohio. Founded in 1837 as City Hospital The MetroHealth System is the safety net hospital for the residents of the city of Cleveland and Cuyahoga County.
 First Houses is a public housing project in Manhattan in New York City and the first such in the United States. First Houses were designated a New York City and National Historic Landmark in 1974. They are managed by the New York City Housing Authority.
 Government House of British Columbia is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia as well as that in Victoria of the Canadian monarch and has casually been described as the Ceremonial Home of all British Columbians. It stands in the provincial capital on a 8.9 hectares (22 acres) estate at 1401 Rockland Avenue; while the equivalent building in many countries has a prominent central place in the capital the site of British Columbia's Government House is relatively unobtrusive within Victoria giving it more the character of a private home.
 The Dalhart Unit is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison for men located in unincorporated Hartley County Texas. The unit is along Farm to Market Road 998 and near U.S. Highway 54 4 miles (6.4 km) west and 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Dalhart. It is located next to Dalhart Municipal Airport. As of 2000 Dalhart serves minimum and medium security inmates.
 The McMurray-Frizzell-Aldridge Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Westminster Carroll County Maryland United States.
 The U.S. Post Office in Mineola New York serves the ZIP Code 11501 covering that community in the Towns of North Hempstead and Hempstead New York United States the seat of Long Island's Nassau County. It is located on the northeast corner of the junction of First and Main Streets.It is a brick building in the Colonial Revival architectural style built in 1936 as part of a massive Depression-era public works project that built many new post offices all over New York.
 The Joseph Fuller House is a historic late First Period house at 161 Essex Street in Middleton Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house was built sometime before 1720 by Joseph Fuller and consisted of two stories each containing two rooms with a central chimney. Later in the 18th century a leanto section was added giving the house a saltbox appearance. This addition included a Beverly jog an extension of the leanto to the left side providing shelter for an entrance there.
 Simms School Building is a historic elementary school building located at Huntington Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1919-1920 and is a two story wire brick steel frame building in the Classical Revival style. It has a square plan with a center auditorium surrounded by a circular corridor with classrooms on three sides. The front entrance has a center colonnade with four round limestone Doric order columns capped with a limestone frieze and projecting cornice.
 The Annunciation Greek Orthodox Cathedral of New England is a historic Greek Orthodox Church at 514 Parker Street in Boston Massachusetts.The church was built in 1923 by Hachadoor Demoorjian. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greek Orthodox Cathedral of New England in 1988.The cathedral is the seat of the Greek Orthodox Bishop of Boston. The headquarters of the Greek Orthodox Metropolis of Boston are at 162 Goddard Avenue Brookline Massachusetts.
 The D. B. James House is located in Sycamore Illinois and is part of the Sycamore Historic District. The district was entered on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The James House is one of 226 properties located within the district boundaries. It stands on the corner of Exchange and Main Streets behind the DeKalb County Courthouse.
 Stony Point Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church in Baldwin City Kansas.The church was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Brownella Cottage and Grace Episcopal Church and Rectory (also known as Bishop Brown House; Grace Episcopal Church and Education Building) is a historic church at S. Union and Walnut Streets in Galion Ohio.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register in 1980.
 The Sugar House Monument located at 1100 East and 2100 South in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1930. Also known as the Sugar House Pioneer Monument and as the Sugar House Plaza Monument it is an Art Deco style monument.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.It commemorated the efforts of those who created the beet sugar industry in the West.
 The Steveston Museum is located at 3811 Moncton Street in the heart of the village of Steveston British Columbia Canada. The building is owned by the City of Richmond and is run by the Steveston Historical Society. Erected in 1905 during a cannery boom period the building housed Steveston's first bank.
 The Mather Building also known as Franklin & DeHaven Jewelers is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1898 and is a three- to four-story red brick and sandstone building in the Classical style. The interior features a fine tin ceiling and a built-in vault.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 John S. Douglas House also known as Dolfi Funeral Home is a historic home located at Uniontown Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901 and is a large 2 1/2-story brick dwelling with a two-story rear wing added in 1967. The house is in the Richardsonian Romanesque style with Chateauesque elements. It is five-bays wide and has a wraparound porch and porte cochere. The front facade features rounded arched windows with wide cut stone arches.
 Udayagiri (ଉଦୟଗିରି ଗୁମ୍ଫା) is a Buddhist complex in Odisha composed of major stupas and monasteries (viharas) similar to Ratnagiri and together with Lalitgiri and Ratnagiri part of Puspagiri University. As per epigraphical artifacts found here its historical name was “Madhavapura Mahavihara.”Numerous excavations by the A.S.I. have been conducted since 1958 and continue to this day.
 Hammond House is a historic home located at Hawthorne Westchester County New York. It was built about 1720 and is a five-bay 1 1⁄2-story house with two wings. It features a five-bay-long open porch. The two-bay 1-story west wing was a separate cottage and attached to the main dwelling in 1835. he two-bay 1 1⁄2-story east wing was added in 1860. The Westchester County Historical Society has owned the property since 1926.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Mount Auburn Cemetery in Massachusetts was founded in 1831 as America's first garden cemetery or rural cemetery. With classical monuments set in a rolling landscaped terrain it marked a distinct break with Colonial-era burying grounds and church-affiliated graveyards.
 The Summit formerly Summit Park Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Wheatfield New York. Opened in 1972 the mall became largely vacant by the late 1990s.
 Inverurie Hospital is a small hospital in Inverurie Aberdeenshire Scotland.It has previously been known as the Joint Hospital County Hospital and Inverurie Infectious Diseases Hospital. It was founded in 1897. The Infectious diseases hospital opened in December 1940 as an 80-bedded fever hospital admitting patients with infectious diseases from across Aberdeenshire.The 62-bed hospital comprises DOME Ward Psychogeriatric Unit and male and female GP Wards.
 The Cathedral Church of St. Barnabas in the city of Nottingham England is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic church. It is the mother church of the Diocese of Nottingham and seat of the Bishop of Nottingham.
 Château de Lormont is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 HM Prison Exeter is a local men's prison located in Exeter in the county of Devon England. The term 'local' means that this prison holds people on remand to the local courts. Exeter Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Koreana Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel on Taepyeongno in Jung-gu Seoul South Korea. The hotel with a marble lobby contains 344 rooms and is 14 stories high.Construction began on the hotel on 20 December 1969 and it was completed exactly two years later in 1971. On 11 April 1989 it received 4-star status by Tourist Hotel Classification. 9 rooms were added in October 1998 and another 9 in April 2004. In 2001 renovation was completed of its exterior to a sleek looking modern hotel.
 The Atlanta Soto Zen Center (ASZC) is an independent Soto Zen practice center founded in 1977 by Zenkai Taiun Michael Elliston-sensei a student of the late Soyu Matsuoka.
 This article is about the Leon Cathedral in Spain for the Cathedral in Nicaragua that goes by the same name see: León Cathedral (Nicaragua).Santa María de León Cathedral also called The House of Light or the Pulchra Leonina is situated in the city of León in north-western Spain. It was built on the site of previous Roman baths of the 2nd century which 800 years later king Ordoño II converted into a palace.
 Brighton Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Brighton Franklin County New York. It was built in 1914 and is a modest one story American Craftsman style building measuring 35 feet wide and 58 feet deep. It rests on a fieldstone foundation with exposed cobblestone piers at the front. It features three telescoping graduated gables with exposed rafters and decorative braces. The interior contains a large 30 feet by 34 feet meeting hall.
 Wenona Hall and Wecota Hall at South Dakota State University in Brookings South Dakota were built in 1915. John J. Schwartz was builder and/or architect. The combination was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Job Knapp House is a historic house located at 81 Shores Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built circa 1728 making it one of the oldest standing structures in the city. The 1-1/2 story Gambrel-roofed house is particularly rare for Southeastern Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Wells-Twyford House is a historic home located near Sistersville Tyler County West Virginia. It was built in 1854 and is a two story five bay I house plan dwelling with a rear ell and Greek Revival-style details. It has a gable roof and features a one story 26 foot long front porch. Also on the property is a two-story frame garage that may have been used as a barn at the beginning of the 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Old Governor's Mansion at 1234 E. Broad St. Columbus Ohio was built in 1904. Also known as Ohio Archives Building or as Charles H. Lindenberg Home the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It was designed in Colonial Revival and/or Neo-Georgian eclectic style by architect Frank Packard. The listing is for six acres including three contributing buildings. It is currently occupied by the Columbus Foundation.
 St Andrew's Church South Huish is a ruined church in South Huish South Hams Devon England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Cathedral of the Madeleine is a Roman Catholic church in Salt Lake City Utah United States. It was completed in 1909 and currently serves as the cathedral or mother church of the Diocese of Salt Lake City. It is the only cathedral in the US under the patronage of St. Mary Magdalene.The cathedral was built under the direction of Lawrence Scanlan the first bishop of Salt Lake. It was designed by architects Carl M. Neuhausen and Bernard O. Mecklenburg.
 Whittwood Town Center (formerly known as Whittwood Mall) is a shopping mall in Whittier California.
 Calvary Baptist Church (also known as Second Street Baptist Church; Saint Paul Baptist Church) is a historic Baptist church at 2nd and Walnut Streets in Oklahoma City Oklahoma.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Bernice L. Wright Lustron House is a historic enameled steel prefabricated house in Birmingham Alabama. Designed and constructed by the Lustron Corporation this example is one of three confirmed to have been built in Birmingham. Another the John D. and Katherine Gleissner Lustron House is just one house over from the Wright Lustron House.Lustron houses were only produced during a two-year period with 2495 known to have been made. Only roughly 2000 of these are still in existence.
 The Hotel Grand Chancellor in Launceston Tasmania Australia formerly known as the Novetel is a seven-storey building located in the city's central business district (CBD). Completed in August 1989 the building was constructed at a cost of $44 million with up to 130 men working on-site. Before the official opening of the hotel 20000 locals visited the Chancellor on its open day.
 Red River Valley University was a private liberal arts college located in Wahpeton North Dakota and affiliated with the Methodist Church. The university opened in 1893 and operated independently until 1905 when limited funds forced the closure of the Wahpeton campus.
 The Kimball-Stevenson House is located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was built in 1873 and it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Oregon City Hall is the main municipal building for the Ogle County Illinois city of Oregon. It stands on Oregon's Third Street in the middle of the Oregon Commercial Historic District. The building is considered a contributing structure to the overall historical integrity of the historic district. Erected in 1920 the building along with the rest of the historic district joined the National Register of Historic Places in August 2006.
 The Church of Sts. Dorothea Wenceslaus and Stanislaus (Polish: Kościół św. Stanisława św. Doroty i św. Wacława German: St. Dorotheenkirche) is a Roman Catholic Church in the southern part Wrocław's Old Town.
 Kazdağlı Mosque is a historical mosque located in Safranbolu Turkey.
 Bowes House is a historic home located at Huntington Bay in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1899 and is a 2 1⁄2-story four-bay shingled gable roofed residence in the Shingle Style. A recessed porch on flared Doric order columns wraps around the first floor.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Greek Orthodox Cathedral of the Annunciation is a church of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America located in Baltimore Maryland. It is the oldest of all the 18 Greek Orthodox parishes in Maryland. The Cathedral is an important center of Greek American culture in Baltimore and hosts an annual Greek Food Festival.
 The Bornholm Art Museum (Bornholms Kunstmuseum) is situated on the Danish island of Bornholm above the Sanctuary Rocks (Helligdomsklipperne) about 6 kilometres north-west of Gudhjem. The building was constructed in 1993 and enlarged in 2003. The museum's permanent collection consists principally of paintings by artists with connections to Bornholm from the early 19th century to the present day.
 Amos Palmer House is a historic farmhouse located in Lower Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1760 and is a two-story double pile brick structure on a stone foundation.
 O'Rourke's Diner is a diner located in the Main Street Historic District in Middletown Connecticut.
 Colorado Springs City Auditorium or Colorado Springs Municipal Auditorium is a historic auditorium in Colorado Springs Colorado. Completed in 1923 the auditorium still serves the city of Colorado Springs by way of hosting various events throughout the year. The building costing a whopping $424910 at the time was primarily used for concerts theatre performances and graduations.
 Radha Regent Chennai earlier called as Radha Park Inn is a four-star hotel located at Arumbakkam in Chennai India. The hotel is the second hotel of the Sarovar Hotels & Resorts in India and the first of star hotels to open on Inner Ring Road Chennai. The hotel also opened Geoffrey's the first Pub of Chennai in 2001.
 Holy Trinity Church Rainow is located in the village of Rainow Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Macclesfield the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St John Saltersford and St Stephen Forest. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 The Fruita Schoolhouse is located in Fruita Utah. The Behunin family early settlers of the Capitol Reef area donated the land in 1892. For over a decade the school had a dirt roof and in 1935 the bare walls were chinked in. Elijah Cutler Behunin donated the land for the school and his daughter Nettie Behunin was the school's first teacher. In 1895 the school became part of the Junction School Precinct and remained a functional grade school until 1941.
 Old Manor Farm is a 15th-century hall in Marple in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport Greater Manchester England (grid reference SJ945885). Built in the 15th century it has had additions made in the 16th 17th and 20th centuries. Called one of the finest existing examples of a small medieval manor house in Lancashire or Cheshire it is a Grade II* listed building.
 St Nicolas' Church is the Anglican parish church of the village of Pevensey in the Wealden district of East Sussex England. The church is a Grade I Listed building.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Roman Catholic church that serves as the parish church of St Ives Cambridgeshire. It was originally designed and built by Augustus Pugin in Cambridge as St Andrew's Church but was dismantled in 1902 and transported by barge to St Ives.
 The Germantown White House (formerly the Deshler-Morris House Deshler House or Perot-Morris House) is a historic mansion in the Germantown section of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was the scene of fighting in the Battle of Germantown and it is the oldest surviving presidential residence having twice sheltered George Washington during his term of office.
 The Elm Street Apartments is a building complex located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bloomsbury is a historic home located near Orange Orange County Virginia. The original section dates to the early- to mid-18th century and is a 1 1/2-story frame Colonial dwelling with a steep gable roof and U-plan stairway of a form unknown elsewhere in Virginia. It retains nearly all its original late-Georgian interior detailing.
 Kingo Houses is a housing development designed by architect Jørn Utzon in Helsingør Denmark. The development consists of 63 L-shaped houses based upon the design of traditional Danish farmhouses with central courtyards and that of Chinese and Islamic dwellings.
 Foothills Baptist Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic church located at 2172 New York Route 22 in the Boquet section of Essex New York in the United States. Built in 1855 as St. John's Episcopal Church it became the Union Church at Boquet Chapel in 1880 the Church of the Nazarene in 1949 and Foothills Baptist Church in 2005. It has also been known as Boquet Chapel.The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Church of the Nazarene in 1973.
 The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Lake Wales Florida. It is located at 325 South Scenic Highway. On August 31 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The Lake Wales Museum and Cultural Center also known as The Depot is a local history museum located in the historic depot. A model railroad layout is one of the exhibits on display.
 The North Lexington Street Historic District is a residential historic district at 508–536 North Lexington Street in Waltham Massachusetts. It consists of a cluster of four houses and their associated outbuildings built around the turn of the 20th century and unusual for its state of cohesion and preservation given the busy nature of Lexington Street. Three houses (508 and 520 and 536 Lexington Street) are Colonial Revival in styling and 528 Lexington is an 1873 Second Empire house.
 The Bok Kai Temple (北溪廟) is a traditional Chinese temple in the city of Marysville California located at the corner of D and First Streets and served as the center of what was a bustling Chinatown for a small town.
 Entranceway at Main Street at Westfield Road and Ivyhurst Road is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built about 1920 by John Sattler. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of stone posts connecting quarter-height stone walls and accent light fixtures located on either street corner.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Cardboard Cathedral in Christchurch New Zealand is the transitional pro-cathedral of the Anglican Diocese of Christchurch opened in August 2013. The site on the corner of Hereford and Madras Streets in Latimer Square is several blocks from the permanent location of ChristChurch Cathedral which was significantly damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake. The Cardboard Cathedral was designed by architect Shigeru Ban and seats around 700 people.
 Church of the Immaculate Conception of Blessed Virgin Mary is a historic church on FM 2672 in St. Mary's Texas.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Leikanger Church (Norwegian: Leikanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Leikanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Leikanger along the northern coast of the Sognefjorden. The church is part of the Leikanger parish in the Indre Sogn deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.The white church which has 260 seats was originally built around the year 1250. It is a stone church with a wooden steeple.
 The Peoria Cordage Company buildings are located in an area of one and two story industrial and commercial buildings in the city of Peoria Illinois United States. Most of the buildings in the area were constructed between 1890 and 1920. The site consisted of ten buildings when the property was nominated and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 three of the buildings carried more historical significance than the others.
 Reading Hardware Company Butt Works also known as The Hardware is a historic factory building located in Reading Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1875 and consists of two wings connected by a boiler house. They are configured to enclose a courtyard closed by a brick wall. The wings are three- and four-stories and constructed of brick bearing walls with heavy timber framing.
 The Crawford County Courthouse in Knoxville Georgia served as the Crawford County courthouse from 1832 to 2001. For years before it went out of service the courthouse was the oldest courthouse still in use in Georgia. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Saint George Greek Orthodox Cathedral (Arabic: كاتدرائية القديس جاورجيوس للروم الارثودكس ‎) is the seat of the Greek Orthodox Metropolitan bishop of the Orthodox Archdiocese of Beirut and its dependencies. It is the city's oldest extant church.
 The Ohio Theatre is located at 3114 Lagrange St in the Toledo’s Polish International Village of Toledo Ohio. Built in 1921 it is Toledo’s last operating neighborhood theatre. This three-story brick and stone masonry building comprises 8000 square feet (740 m2) and features stadium seating the original Mighty 90 carbon arc 35mm movie projectors and the Marr and Colton pipe organ originally installed in the razed Rivoli Theatre in downtown Toledo.
 The Samuel Gridley and Julia Ward Howe House is a historic building built in 1804 and located at 13 Chestnut Street in Boston Massachusetts United States especially important as the home from 1863-1866 to Julia Ward Howe and Samuel Gridley Howe.
 The Polychrome Historic District is a national historic district in the Four Corners neighborhood in Silver Spring Montgomery County Maryland. It recognizes a group of five houses built by John Joseph Earley in 1934 and 1935. Earley used precast concrete panels with brightly colored aggregate to produce the polychrome effect with Art Deco details. The two-inch-thick panels were attached to a conventional wood frame.
 Clinton Hall is a historic commercial building located at Ithaca in Tompkins County New York. It was built in 1847-1851 and is a three story brick commercial block in the Greek Revival style. The building is 66 feet long and 48 feet deep.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Pilke House is a combined office building and science centre in Rovaniemi Finland built in 2011 which is notable for its low carbon footprint and the use of sustainable wood products in its design.
 St. Anne's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Church Circle Annapolis. The first church in Annapolis it was founded in 1692 to serve as the parish church for the newly created Middle Neck Parish one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland.
 Castleton Square Mall is the largest and busiest mall in the state of Indiana. Built by Edward J. DeBartolo Sr. in 1972 it is located in northeastern Indianapolis and owned by Simon Property Group. The largest stores are Dick's Sporting Goods JCPenney Macy's Von Maur and Sears. A large area in front of Dick's contains a large children's play area and a food court which are popular meeting places within the mall.
 The Harrison County Courthouse in Cadiz Ohio was constructed during 1893 to 1895 by Joseph W. Yost. The courthouse mirrors others of his design with large arched windows mansard-roofed towers and a central clock tower domed and topped with a statue Justice. The porches to the entrances are covered with a balcony.After the building was constructed a mechanic's lien was filed by the Greer family to prevent the county from taking possession of the property.
 Patterson Park is a neighborhood in Baltimore Maryland United States. The neighborhood is located in the southeast section of Baltimore city and borders the 137 acre park of the same name on the north and east sides. Patterson Park is traditionally centered around the intersection of Baltimore Street and Linwood Avenue and until the formation of Patterson Park Neighborhood Association in 1986 was referred to as the Baltimore-Linwood Neighborhood.
 Hospital Conde S. Januário (simplified Chinese: 仁伯爵综合医院; traditional Chinese: 仁伯爵綜合醫院) is an acute care hospital in Macau run by the public sector. Established in 1874 and extended in 1989 it has 476 beds and offers 22 different services both for inpatients and for outpatients. The hospital is colloquially known as 'Hill-top Hospital　山頂醫院' by the majority of local people.
 St. Andrew's Church is one of the oldest churches in Bombay built by the Portuguese Jesuits in 1575. It stands on the sea-shore of the Bandra suburb of Bombay and was the only church there till the first quarter of the 17th century.
 The Bob church (Romanian: Biserica Bob din Cluj Hungarian: Bob utcai görög katolikus templom) is the first Greek-Catholic church that was built in the city of Cluj Transylvania at that time part of the Austrian Empire. The name of the church comes from the Romanian noble Ioan Bob later bishop of the Romanian Greek-Catholic church who paid for the construction of the church.
 The VanDyke-Libby House located at 612 Vermillion Street in Hastings Minnesota is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1868 by William J. Van Dyke a banker and merchant. In 1880 the home was bought by Rowland C. Libby who was part-owner of a saw mill and door and sash factory. He lived there until 1911; in 1914 the building was converted to a sanitarium. Originally known as Hope Sanitarium its name was later changed to St.
 Asia Society (AustralAsia) is part of the global not-for profit education organisation Asia Society headquartered in New York. Launched in 1997 the AustralAsia office of Asia Society carried on the objectives of Asia Society's founder John D Rockefeller III which were to promote a stronger Asia literate world. In 2009 Asia Society (AustralAsia) began its joint collaboration with Asialink.
 The Lewis and Clark Bridge at Wolf Point Montana spans the Missouri River between McCone and Roosevelt counties. It is also known as Wolf Point Bridge Missouri River Bridge or Site No. 24RV438. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The CAL Park (Chinese Traditional: 華航園區 Simplified: 华航园区 Huáháng Yuánqū) is located in Dayuan Taoyuan County in the Republic of China (Taiwan). The building is located next to Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport's terminals. The CAL Park is the flagship building and headquarters for China Airlines.The CAL Park property consists of four buildings including the head office building the crew training center the flight simulator training center and the Novotel Taipei hotel.
 James Thome Farm is a historic building in Eighty Four Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 Capernaum Church (German: Kapernaum-Kirche) is one of the two places of worship of the Lutheran Capernaum Congregation a member of the Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia an umbrella comprising Lutheran Calvinist (Reformed) and united Protestant congregations. The church is located on Seestraße No. 34 in the locality of Wedding in Berlin's borough of Mitte.
 Market Place Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Champaign Illinois USA. Due to its location in the college town of Champaign many of the shopping center's retailers are aimed at the college demographic. Its anchor stores are Bergner's J. C. Penney and Macy's.
 The Delta Hotel also known as the Bishop Noa Home for Senior Citizens Hereford and Hops Restaurant and Brewpub and the Delta Apartments is a hotel located at 624 Ludington Street in Escanaba Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Peninsula is a 23-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the Peninsula is expected to be completed in 2008.
 St. Mark's Church is a Pentecostal church in Dublin Ireland. It was previously a Church of Ireland parish church. It is located in Mark St. off Pearse Street to the east of Trinity College.
 Manion's General Store is a historic general store and post office located at Ferndale in Sullivan County New York. It was built between 1915 and 1925 and is a large frame building. It is two and one half stories tall five bays wide and three bays deep with a gable roof and deep overhanging eaves. It is built into a hillside and has a stone foundation. The store operated into the 1970s and the post office to the 1980s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Central Railroad of New Jersey Station is a historic railway station located at Wilkes-Barre Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1868 by the Central Railroad of New Jersey. It is a 2 1/2-story brick building with 1 1/2-story wings on either side in the Victorian style. It features an overhanging hipped and gable roof with a large wooden cupola. Passenger service ceased in 1963 and the station closed in 1972.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 St Martin's Church Whenby is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Whenby North Yorkshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 North Hykeham Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England. This priory is only mentioned in the Patent Roll of Edward IV 1462 when it was granted to the college called 'God's House' at Cambridge. It is not at present known to what foreign house it had belonged nor if there was ever an actual priory there at all.
 The Montgomery-Janes-Whittaker House best known today as Buena Vista is a historic Federal style plantation house in Autauga County Alabama south of Prattville. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 25 1974. The house is currently owned by the Autauga County Heritage Association and operated as a historic house museum.
 Orthodox Meetinghouse also known as the Birmingham Orthodox Meeting House is a historic Quaker meetinghouse in Birmingham Township Chester County Pennsylvania that was built in 1845 as a result of the Hicksite-Orthodox split in the Society of Friends. The members of the Birmingham Friends Meetinghouse a few hundred yards north joined the Hicksite branch of the Quaker movement as was common among farmers in Chester and Delaware Counties.
 10 East 40th Street or the Mercantile Building is a skyscraper located in the Murray Hill section of New York City between Fifth Avenue and Madison Avenue taking the width of the block between 39th and 40th streets. Designed by Ludlow & Peabody and built by Jesse H. Jones it was finished in 1929 and is considered part of the art deco school of architecture[citation needed].
 J&R Kosher Meat and Delicatessen is a Montreal kosher butcher and delicatessen established in 1952 by Robert Nemes a Holocaust survivor and immigrant from Romania. It is a landmark currently at 5800 Cavendish Blvd in the heart of the city's Jewish community J&R is the oldest and one of the most famous remaining kosher meat shops in Montreal. The store delivers its meat throughout Quebec and Ontario and ships throughout the rest of Canada.
 Mall of Mysore is a shopping mall which is one of the largest and the first of its kind in the Indian city of Mysore Karnataka. This is located next to the Mysore Race Course with the Chamundi hills on the Backdrop.
 The Tunxis Hose Firehouse is located in Unionville Connecticut. The firehouse was built in 1893 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1983.
 Evergreen Cemetery is the city-maintained cemetery for Colorado Springs Colorado on the National Register of Historic Places in El Paso County Colorado.
 Government House is the official residence of the Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man. It is situated on Governor's Road in Onchan Isle of Man.Government House is also used to provide accommodation for official guests to the Isle of Man and is used extensively for official functions such as receptions or dinners. It was originally built as Bemahague Farm between 1820 and 1830. It was extended to its present size in 1904 when the Government of the Isle of Man bought the house.
 The Maison Morisset (also known by its nickname La Brimbale) is a farmhouse built in 1678 during the seigneurial system of New France. Located in the municipality of Sainte-Famille on Île d'Orléans the Maison Morisset was classified as a historic site and building by the Ministry of Culture and Communications of Quebec on June 7 1962.
 Harrison Plaza is a shopping mall located along Harrison Avenue corner Pablo Ocampo Street in the district of Malate in Manila Philippines.
 Brookwood Farm is a historic farm on Blue Hill River Road in Canton Massachusetts. Some of its fields but none of the buildings are in Milton. It is owned by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
 The Freedom Congregational Church is a registered historical building in Freedom Township Portage County Ohio. It was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places on July 7 1975. The church is located at 8961 State Route 88 in the triangular area near the center of Freedom where State Routes 88 700 and 303 meet.
 The Redridge Steel Dam is a steel dam across the Salmon Trout River in Redridge Houghton County Michigan. Completed in 1901 it is a flat slab buttress dam constructed of steel a relatively rare material for construction of dams which are typically earthenworks or masonry.
 Florence Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Scranton Lackawanna County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1908 and is a six-story U-shaped building with Colonial Revival style design details. It has a steel and concrete structure with exterior limestone on the first and second stories and brick above.
 The South Range Community Building is a community center located on Trimountain Avenue in South Range Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Lake Mirror Promenade (also known as the First Civic Center) is a historic site in Lakeland Florida. It is located between Lemon Street and Lake Mirror Drive. On January 27 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The project was built in two phases and completed in 1928. Charles W. Leavitt of New York was the designer.
 Burgruine Petersberg is a castle in Friesach Carinthia Austria.Today the castle is home to the Friesach City Museum which features exhibits about the town's history culture mining industry and trade.
 The View on Fifth formerly the Milroy Apartments is the fifth tallest building in Saskatoon Canada and located in the Central Business District. The building was originally constructed as rental units in 1968.
 The Lombardy Apartment Building is a historic apartment building in downtown Cincinnati Ohio United States. A Victorian structure erected in 1885 it is a seven-story building with a metal-covered Mansard roof built with brick walls and a stone foundation. Constructed by the firm of Thomas Emery's Sons Cincinnati's leading real estate developers during the 1880s it was one of the earliest large apartment buildings erected in the city.
 The Bank of Florence was an early wildcat bank located at 8502 North 30th Street in Florence Nebraska Territory. After originally opening in the 1850s it closed and reopened in 1904. Today the building that housed the bank is the Bank of Florence Museum. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the oldest building in Omaha Nebraska.
 The Colonial Beacon Gas Station is a historic gas station at 474 Main Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. It was built c. 1922 by the Colonial Oil Company to be a flagship station in their chain of filling stations. The concrete and stucco building was designed by the Boston firm of Coolidge and Carlson. It has two main sections: an octagonal section that once served as a drive-through filling area and a rectangular service area to its left.
 Tilehurst Water Tower also sometimes known as Park Lane Water Tower is a distinctive water tower in Tilehurst a suburb of the English town of Reading.
 Grace Episcopal Church is located in Madison Wisconsin on the westward side of the Capitol Square. It was designed by James Douglas and was built in 1855. On January 1 1976 the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its significance in art architecture and religion.
 Old Parsonage is a historic church parsonage on Buckwheat Bridge Road in Clermont Columbia County New York. It was constructed in 1867 and is a two story three bay frame residence with a jerkinhead metal roof. It features a decorative sawn bargeboard in a picturesque cottage style. Also on the property are a garage and small well house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Galatoire's is a restaurant at 209 Bourbon Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana USA. Jean Galatoire an immigrant from a small village near Pau France in the foothills of the Pyrenees Mountains established a saloon on Canal Street in 1896. In 1905 Galatoire purchased Victor’s Restaurant in business at the location since 1830. Galatoire renamed the restaurant and began cooking the dishes from his homeland.
 The Gare des Brotteaux is an old railway station located in the Brotteaux quarter in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon.
 Alkabo School in Alkabo North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 7 2010 with registration number 10000997. It is located at the north end of Main St. in Alkabo. The school was built in 1934 by the William Nordman Company of Noonan. It was designed by architect Edwin W. Molander using the Italian Renaissance Revival and Colonial Revival styles.
 The Thomas Rose House is a National Register property located at 59 Church St. in Charleston South Carolina. The 2 1⁄2-story stuccoed brick house was probably built by planter Thomas Rose in 1733. The property had been inherited by his wife Beuler Elliott. The house has excellent examples of original Georgian woodwork in the paneling staircase and elsewhere. In the twentieth century an owner razed a neighboring house on the adjoining lot to the south to accommodate a large garden.
 One Piccadilly Gardens is a large office building on the east side of Piccadilly Gardens a public square in Manchester.It houses six floors of office space with shops and restaurants on the ground floor. The entrance to the offices is via a double height diagonal void through the ground and first floors of the building.
 Moore Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel Sussex County Delaware. It one of the last surviving examples of its building type. It was built about 1920 and is a 1 1/2-story gable fronted balloon frame structure. It measures 16 feet 6 inches (5 meters) by 20 feet 4 inches (6.2 meters).
 The Johnson-White House near Sontag Mississippi was built in 1820. It was designed in dog trot style by northern Mississippi architect Andrew Johnson.
 Ward Evangelical Presbyterian Church is a church located in Northville Township Michigan a suburb of Detroit.
 The Wheeler-Magnus Round Barn is located in the Cook County city of Arlington Heights in the U.S. state of Illinois. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 when it joined the Round Barns in Illinois Multiple Property Submission (MPS). It is the only round barn in Cook County listed on the Register.
 St. Barbara Church (Polish: Parafia św. Barbary w Cleveland) is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland Ohio and part of the Diocese of Cleveland. It is located on Denison Ave. between West 16th St. and the southbound entrance to SR 176 in a part of the Brooklyn Centre neighborhood previously known in Polish as na Barbarowie.The church is a GNIS named feature. The church rectory and convent buildings are listed together as a Cleveland Designated Landmark.The parish was established in 1905.
 The Round Barn near Paulding Ohio listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places simply as Round Barn is in the area of Paulding Ohio. It is a round barn that was built in 1911. It may also have been known as William Sinn Round Barn.It was owned originally or at some later date by Ohio Wesleyan University. It is a 60-foot (18 m) diameter barn which rises to a height of 55 feet (17 m).
 Purdy's Wharf is an office complex located in Halifax Nova Scotia Canada. Built over the water at the edge of Halifax Harbour and resting on pilings it consists of two office towers and a smaller office structure called Purdy's Landing. Purdy's Landing is commonly referred to as the Xerox building due to a large Xerox sign that used to hang on the exterior of the building.
 The First National Bank of Brewster building later Southeast Town Hall is located on Main Street (US 6) next to the train station in Brewster New York United States. It is a brick Queen Anne-style building constructed in 1886 currently used as offices for the Town of Southeast of which Brewster is part.The bank itself closed in 1964. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 in recognition of its intact style and its place in the village's history.
 St. Luke's Hospital is a former hospital building located on a bluff overlooking downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties and on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Elgar Birthplace Museum in Lower Broadheath Worcestershire England is a museum dedicated to the English composer Edward Elgar. Elgar was born here on 2 June 1857 and lived here until his family moved to Worcester two years later. The museum comprises the birthplace cottage and an associated Elgar Centre opened in 2000 which houses exhibitions and a function room.
 The Ester Camp Historic District consists of 11 buildings and three structures located in or near Ester Alaska. The camp was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 and is significant for its importance in Alaska mining history. The periods of significance are 1900-1924 and 1925-1949. It is under private ownership and was operated as the Ester Gold Camp until its closure in 2007.
 The Gilmer County Courthouse was the courthouse for Gilmer County Georgia United States from 1934 until 2003. It was built in 1898 as the Hyatt Hotel (no relation to Hyatt Hotels) making it the only courthouse in the state not originally built as a courthouse.
 The Arlington Plantation House in Washington Louisiana was built in 1829. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Plaza Apartments is a historic five-story apartment building located in the Central neighborhood of Cleveland Ohio United States. Built in 1901 it was designed by the architectural firm of Steffens Searles & Hirsh which built many middle-class apartment buildings in the Cleveland era around the turn of the twentieth century. It features a primarily brick facade; stone appears in the exterior and the foundation is stone.
 The Book Tower is a 145 m (476 ft) 38-story skyscraper located at 1265 Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Washington Boulevard Historic District. Construction began on the Italian Renaissance-style building in 1916 as an addition to the original Book Building and finished a decade later.
 The First National Bank Building in downtown Beaumont Texas was built in 1937 and is an excellent example of Art Deco architecture. The building is four stories tall and decorated with reliefs of workers and business people designed by Beaumont-based sculptor Matchett Herring Coe.
 East Berkshire United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. It was built in 1888 and is a simple one story frame building with a steep standing seam metal roof and clapboard siding. A small square based louvered belfry is mounted directly above the gabled facade.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Schaumboch's Tavern is a historic inn and tavern building located in the Hawk Mountain Sanctuary at Albany Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1793 and is a 1 1/2-story rectangular stucco coated sandstone building. It has a medium gable roof with a shed dormer on the rear elevation. It was once owned by Matthias Schaumboch who is known to have murdered at least 11 traveling salesman and hucksters.
 Peter Wentz Homestead is a historic home located at Worcester Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1758 and is a large 2 1/2-story Georgian style dwelling with a rear kitchen wing and bake oven. The main part of the house is five bays wide and two bays deep. The front facade is built of dressed red sandstone and the remainder of the building is built on uncut sandstone. Also on the property are a contributing stone and frame barn and grist mill.
 The Octagon built in 1834 is a historic octagonal building located at 888 Main Street on Roosevelt Island in New York City. It originally served as the main entrance to the New York City Lunatic Asylum which opened in 1841. Designed by Alexander Jackson Davis the five-story rotunda was made of blue-gray stone that was quarried on the island. It is the last remnant of the hospital and after many years of decay and two fires was close to ruin.
 Gamla bankhuset in Umeå Sweden is a listed yellow two-storey stone building in Neo-Renaissance style that was built in 1877. The building is located at Storgatan 34 by the north stronghold of the bridge Tegsbron. Because of the building's rounded corners it has been nicknamed Smörasken (the Butter dish).
 Shilparamam is an arts and crafts village located in Madhapur Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. The village was conceived with an idea to create an environment for the preservation of traditional crafts. There are ethnic festivals round the year.Shilparamam a crafts village conceived in the year 1992 is situated just about few kilometers from Hyderabad city.
 The Cornish Colony Museum is located in Windsor Vermont. It is an art museum and educational institution dedicated to displaying and teaching about the creative individuals who lived and worked in the Cornish Art Colony. The Cornish Colony Museum is operated by The Cornish Colony Museum of Windsor Vermont a 501(c)3 non-profit educational corporation.The Cornish Colony Museum was established in 1998 in Cornish New Hampshire.
 The Giant Forest Village-Camp Kaweah Historic District is located in Sequoia National Park. It is notable as one of two registered historic districts in the park that were largely demolished as part of National Park Service efforts to mitigate the impact of park visitor facilities on the park's giant sequoia groves.
 Bloomington is a historic home located at Louisa Louisa County Virginia. The dwelling evolved into its present form from an original two-room split-log dwelling dating to about 1790. The main block was built about 1832 and is a two-story three-bay structure with steeply-pitched gable roof constructed over a raised brick basement. A one-story gable-roofed addition was attached to the north wall of the main block about 1900.
 12 Fife Lane (also known as the First State House) Miramar Wellington was the first state house under the First Labour Government of New Zealand.
 The Palace of Holyroodhouse commonly referred to as Holyrood Palace is the official residence of the British monarch in Scotland.
 The Enchanted Mesa Trading Post at 9612 Central Ave. SE. in Albuquerque New Mexico was built in 1948. It was a work of Margarete Chase and it was a work of a John Hill. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.Some portion of it was available for rent in 2010.
 Fujisawa City Hospital (藤沢市民病院 Fujisawa Shimin Byōin) is a general hospital in Fujisawa Kanagawa Japan. Founded in 1971 the hospital is also a district hospital serving the neighbouring cities of Chigasaki and Kamakura. The director is Yasuhiro Kido MD.[citation needed]
 The Church of the Epiphany is an Episcopal church designed in the Norman Gothic style located at 1393 York Avenue on the corner of East 74th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan New York City.The church was founded in 1833. The building at its current location was dedicated in 1939 and consecrated in 1944.
 The Mato Kosyk House is a private residence in Albion Oklahoma. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 St. John the Baptist Church Yaverland is a parish church in the Church of England located in Yaverland Isle of Wight.
 Stone House on Kentucky River is located in Prestonville Kentucky. It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 8 1987.
 The Davenport Hotel is located in downtown Davenport Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently an apartment building called The Davenport
 Cole Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a Federal style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1832. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Northern Natural Gas Building also known as the 2223 Dodge Street Building is located at 2223 Dodge Street in the Park East neighborhood of downtown Omaha Nebraska United States. It is a 260 ft (79 m) 19-story skyscraper that ranks 8th among Omaha's top ten tallest buildings. As of October 2011 the building is being renovated into an apartment complex called the Highline. The building is currently listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in Douglas County Nebraska.
 Colan Church also known as St Colan Church is a 13th-century church in Colan mid-Cornwall England UK. Dedicated to St Colanus it became a Grade I listed building in 1967. The vicars of St Columb Minor have served the church since the middle of the 20th century.
 St. Andrew Church Roman Catholic Bridgeport Connecticut is part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 UAB Hospital is a Level I trauma center hospital located in Birmingham Alabama.It is located in the Medical Center District on the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) campus on Birmingham's Southside. UAB Hospital is a 908-bed facility that provides patients with a complete range of primary and specialty care services. It is Alabama's major tertiary care center and a modern medical complex serving approximately 35000 patients annually.
 French's Tavern also known as Swan's Creek Plantation Indian Camp Harris's Store and The Coleman Place is a historic house and tavern located near Ballsville Powhatan County Virginia. The two-story frame building complex is in five distinct sections with the earliest dated to about 1730. The sections consist of the main block the wing the annex the hyphen and galleries.
 Holy Trinity Church Nottingham was a Church of England church in Nottingham from 1841 to 1958.
 Glasgow Tower is a free-standing tower located on the south bank of the River Clyde in Glasgow Scotland and forms part of Glasgow Science Centre complex. It holds a Guinness World Record for being the tallest tower in the world in which the whole structure is capable of rotating 360 degrees. It has been closed for more than 80% of its life.
 The C. J. Prescott House at 12 Hickey St. in Virginia City Nevada is a historic house that was built in 1864. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is one of the oldest houses in Virginia City one of few surviving from Nevada's pre-statehood era and having survived the Great Fire of October 26 1875.It was built by C.J. Prescott who owned an early lumber company serving the Comstock Lode.
 The Denny P. Hadley House is a property in Brentwood Tennessee that dates from c.1840 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has also been known as Green Pastures and as Hadleywood.It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.
 Roseland Cottage also known as Henry C. Bowen House or as Bowen Cottage is a historic house located on Route 169 in Woodstock Connecticut. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992.It is now owned by Historic New England a non-profit organization that preserves the historical value of the house and operates it as a museum.
 Yogurt Mountain founded by David Kahn and Aaron Greenberg is a chain of self-serve frozen yogurt dessert bars with 16 rotating flavors of frozen yogurt and over fifty toppings for which the customer pays by the ounce. They opened their first store in Birmingham AL in September 2009. From its base in Birmingham Yogurt Mountain has expanded into nineteen stores across the southeast.
 This page is about a Canadian hospital. For other uses please see: Mount Sinai (disambiguation)Mount Sinai Hospital (MSH) is a hospital in Toronto Ontario Canada. Although it is physically linked by bridges and tunnels to three University Health Network hospitals (Toronto General Hospital Toronto Rehabilitation Institute and Princess Margaret Cancer Centre) Mount Sinai is an independently operated facility.
 O Mundo is a restaurant housed in Hotel de Wereld in Wageningen The Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star for the period 2010-2013.Gault & Millau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.O Mundo's head chef is Dennis Richter Uitdenbogaardt with the help of hotel owner-chef Addie Roelofsen. Baltasar Tieskens who joined in 2008 from Cordial was the first chef to earn a star.
 The De Baca County Courthouse located on Ave. C in Fort Sumner New Mexico is a historic building built in 1930. It was designed by architects Kerr & Walsh and includes Colonial Revival and more specifically Georgian Revival architecture.
 The Varner–Hogg Plantation State Historic Site is a historic site operated by the Texas Historical Commission. The site was the home of former Governor of Texas James S. Hogg and his family. The site is located outside of West Columbia in Brazoria County.
 The Old Stone Fort Museum is located on the grounds of Stephen F. Austin State University in the city and county of Nacogdoches in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a 1936 replica of a structure erected c. 1779 by Nacogdoches militia commander Antonio Gil Y'Barbo. The original was never actually a fort in spite of its sobriquet. After over a century serving varied purposes the original structure was demolished.
 The Church of Saint Ivo of the Bretons (Italian: Sant'Ivo dei Bretoni French: Saint Yves-des-Bretons) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Ivo of Kermartin patron of Brittany. It is one of the national churches in Rome dedicated to France (Brittany).
 The Kings Theatre formerly Loew's Kings Theatre is a movie palace-type theater located at 1027 Flatbush Avenue in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn New York City. Opened in 1929 and closed since 1977 the theater is scheduled to reopen in 2015 following a complete renovation. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 22 2012.
 The Montgomery Worsted Mills known today as Montgomery Mills is along the Wallkill River at the end of Factory Street in the Orange County village of Montgomery New York. It was one of the earliest efforts to harness the river for industrial purposes.Founders Arthur Patchett and William Crabtree became prosperous and upstanding citizens who left their mark on the community they lived in.
 The Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution is a medium security penitentiary located 10 miles west of Plymouth Wisconsin USA off Wisconsin Highway 67 just east of the county line with Fond du Lac County.
 St James is an evangelical Church of England parish church in Gerrards Cross Buckinghamshire.It is in the Deanery of Amersham and in the Diocese of Oxford.St James Gerrards Cross and St James Fulmer were amalgamated into one parish with one Parochial church councilin 1984.The church has recently had the pleasure of receiving the new rector Martin Williams who was already a vicar at the church and has now taken up the post of rector for the 2 Saint James.
 New Hamburg Historical Area is a national historic district located at Delaware Township Mercer County Pennsylvania. The district includes 1 contributing building 4 contributing sites and 1 contributing structure.
 Sherwood House is a historic home located at Yonkers Westchester County New York. It was built in 1740 and is a 3-story frame structure on an exposed basement built into a hillside. Additions and modifications took place about 1810 1850 and 1880. It features a 2-story porch spanning the entire facade and 2 dutch doors. The house was extensively remodeled in 1955. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄22-story frame caretaker's cottage and a barn.
 Hallsborough Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Midlothian Chesterfield County Virginia. The original center section was built about 1790 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay double pen frame structure on a brick foundation. It was expanded by 1832 with the addition of the 1 1/2-story western section and two-story double pen eastern section.
 Tifton Commercial Historic District is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986. The boundaries were increased in 1994.The district includes the Tift County Courthouse which is separately NRHP-listed.
 The Taipei Astronomical Museum (Chinese: 臺北市立天文科學教育館; pinyin: Táiběishìlì Tiānwén Kēxué Jiàoyùguǎn) is a museum in Shilin Taipei Taiwan.The museum took over the responsibilities of the Taipei City Observatory. The dome at the museum consists of geometrically identical pieces.
 The Museum of the Siderurgy of Asturias (in Spanish Museo de la Siderurgia de Asturias) is a museum located in La Felguera in the Principality of Asturias northern Spain. Also known as the MUSI.
 Seminole Towne Center is 1136579 square feet (105591.6 m2) and was built in 1995 in Sanford Florida in the Orlando metropolitan area. It has four anchors Sears JCPenney Macy's and Dillard's. The shopping mall is owned by Simon Property Group.
 The Church of St. Christopher is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Red Hook Dutchess County New York City.
 Benjamin's Department Store also known as Peebles Department Store is a historic commercial building located at Exmore Northampton County Virginia. It was built about 1910 and is a three-story brick building in the Italianate style located at the most prominent corner at the core of the town. It features a metal cornice and storefronts on the west and south elevations.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Hangar One is one of the world's largest freestanding structures covering 8 acres (3.2 ha) and has long been one of the most recognizable landmarks of California's Silicon Valley. An early example of mid-century modern architecture it was built in the 1930s as a naval airship hangar for the USS Macon.
 Kamuli Mission Hospital is a hospital in Kamuli Kamuli District in Eastern Uganda. It is a private community hospital serving the town of Kamuli and surrounding areas of Kamuli District. The hospital is sometimes referred to as Lubaga Mission Hospital at Kamuli.
 The Great Mosque of Aleppo (Arabic: جامع حلب الكبير‎ Jāmi‘ Halab al-Kabīr) or the Umayyad Mosque of Aleppo (جامع بني أمية بحلب Jāmi‘ Bani Umayah Bi-Halab) is the largest and one of the oldest mosques in the city of Aleppo Syria. It is located in al-Jalloum district of the Ancient City of Aleppo a World Heritage Site near the entrance to al-Madina Souq. The mosque is purportedly home to the remains of Zechariah the father of John the Baptist.
 The Moses and Aaron Church ( Dutch: Mozes en Aäronkerk ) in the Waterlooplein neighborhood of Amsterdam is officially the Roman Catholic Church of St. Anthony of Padua ( Dutch: Sint-Anthoniuskerk ). Originally a clandestine church it was operated by Franciscan priests at a house on Jodenbreestraat [ Jewish Broad Street ] where the wall tablets of Moses and Aaron hung on the wall.
 Oakwood is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland. It was built in the 1850s and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame vernacular farmhouse with Greek Revival influenced details. It is a highly intact mid-19th-century tobacco plantation dwelling and is associated with Sprigg Harwood a leader in the failed initiative to have Maryland leave the Union and align with the newly formed Confederate States of America.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Bicêtre Hospital is located in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre which is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris France. It lies 4.5 km (2.8 miles) from the center of Paris. The Bicêtre Hospital was originally planned as a military hospital with construction begun in 1634. With the help of Vincent de Paul it was finally opened as an orphanage in 1642. It was incorporated into the Hôpital Général in 1656. In 1823 it was called the Hospice de la Vieillesse Hommes.
 Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at One Bowman Street in Plattsburgh New York. Established in 1861 it served Plattsburgh's Jewish population and itinerant Jewish tradesmen in the region. After worshiping in temporary locations the congregation acquired its first permanent home on Oak Street in 1866.
 Winchcombe Nunnery was a nunnery in Gloucestershire England.
 Pultz Farmhouse is a historic home located at Wurtemberg in Dutchess County New York. The house is a three part one story rectangular dwelling. The central section dates to about 1750 and is a five bay center hall plan building. The two bay north wing was attached about 1800. The saltbox wing was also added about 1800. Also on the property is a contributing machine shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Taoist Temple at No. 12 China Alley in Hanford in Kings County California dates from 1893. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1972.It is historically significant as a surviving authentic structure from Hanford's Chinatown after it moved to the 200-foot long China Alley in the 1890s after a fire in the previous Chinatown area. China Alley served the second largest population of Chinese in the U.S. behind San Francisco.
 The Holy Trinity Church (Ukrainian: Храм Пресвятої Трійці; Polish: Kościół św. Trójcy) is a church in the city of Kamianets-Podilskyi Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The church is situated on Trinity Square near the entrance to the historic Old Town neighborhood of Kamianets-Podilskyi.Written documents date the Holy Trinity Church back to 1582 although archaeologists have found evidence that the church might even date back to the 14th century.
 Wenzhou World Trade Center (Chinese: 温州世贸中心大厦) is a 68-floor supertall skyscraper in Wenzhou Zhejiang China. Construction of the building began on 9 June 2003 and was completed in 2010 at 333 m (1093 ft) giving it the title of the 25th-tallest building in the world.
 The Georgetown Hospital is a community hospital located in the Georgetown area of Halton Hills Ontario. It is part of the Halton Healthcare Services group of hospitals. Built on 17 acres (69000 m2) of land it opened in 1961 to serve Halton Region but today it serves the communities of Peel Region also.
 Pilgrim Congregational Church is an historic Congregational Church at 45 Broadway in Taunton Massachusetts.The church built in 1852 was designed by noted architect Richard Upjohn and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5 1984.
 The Dunham Tavern located at 6709 Euclid Avenue is the oldest building in Cleveland Ohio. Rufus and Jane Pratt Dunham built their first home on the site in 1824 and the existing taproom was built in 1842. It is believed to be the first building constructed on Euclid Avenue east of East 55th Street and the first frame house on the street. It later became a stagecoach stop and tavern.
 Liebler—Rohl Gasoline Station is a historic filling station located at Lancaster in Erie County New York. It is the Village of Lancaster's sole example of historic 20th century roadside commercial architecture. It is in the Tudor Revival style of architecture. It operated as a gasoline station into the 1960s; currently it operates as a seasonal ice cream shop known as Frosty's.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Church of Our Lady of Lourdes (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Lourdes) is a Roman Catholic parish church located in the neighbourhood of Malvín Montevideo Uruguay.The parish was established on 4 February 1934 by Archbishop Juan Francisco Aragone. The temple is dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes.There was a project in the 1960s to build a bigger modern church in this place. Eladio Dieste designed the reinforced ceramic building but only the apse was built.
 All Saints' Church is an Anglican church in Alton Hampshire England. It is a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 The Jonas Cutting–Edward Kent House is located in Bangor Maine. It was built in 1836 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973. It is named after Edward Kent former Governor of Maine.
 Wooddale Bridge is a historic covered bridge over Red Clay Creek at Wooddale New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1850 and is a Town lattice truss bridge following a design of Ithiel Town. It is approximately 72 feet (22 m) long. It is almost identical to the Ashland Covered Bridge.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Wayside also known as Henry Demarest Lloyd House is a site on Sheridan Road in Winnetka Illinois United States significant for its association with the muckracking journalist Henry Demarest Lloyd (1847–1903). It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 The Lee County Courthouse built in 1908 is a historic courthouse located at 123 S. Main Street in the city of Bishopville in Lee County South Carolina. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by Darlington native William Augustus Edwards who designed eight other South Carolina courthouses as well as academic buildings at 12 institutions in Florida Georgia and South Carolina. Lee County was created in 1902 and this is the only courthouse it has ever had.
 Kwekwe General Hospital is the main referral hospital within Kwekwe District plus the nearby Zhombe District. It is a government-run institution in which the Kwekwe City Council has overall oversight. The hospital is one of a number in the Midlands Province offering free anti-retroviral therapy to people with HIV/AIDS. It services HIV/AIDS patients from across the whole Kwekwe District plus those from neighboring districts like Gokwe.
 The Second Union School is a historic Rosenwald school building for African-American children located at 2787 Hadensville Fife Rd. in Goochland Goochland County Virginia. It was built in 1918 as a “two-teacher” school. It is a one-story two-room weather boarded school with a hipped slate roof. It is set on a foundation of 18 concrete piers.
 Burgruine Weißenegg is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The church of San Pellegrino alla Sapienza o della Sapienza is found in Siena Italy on the intersection of via della Sapienza and via delle Terme.A hospital was founded on the site in the mid 13th century by the Blessed Andrea Gallerani suppressed in 1408. Documents attest to a church by 1240. Various reconstructions have occurred over the centuries. Major works in the interior were added in the 17th century.
 Lancaster Commercial Historic District is a registered historic district located in Lancaster Kentucky that was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Nazareth House also known as St. Andrew's Parish House is a historic building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a three story brick institutional building built in 1893 and enlarged in 1911. The original section is a three story five bay red brick structure in the Neoclassical style. The building was once used for social and education services but was renovated in the early 1980s into six apartments.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Lackawanna Coal Mine is a museum and retired coal mine located in McDade Park in Scranton Pennsylvania. Visitors board a mine car and descend the #190 slope into the Clark Vein of coal. At the foot of the shaft the visitors begin an hour-long guided tour through the main gangway of the mine and stop at various points to discuss different aspects of the anthracite mining industry. Visitors then leave the Clark Vein via a rock tunnel and stop in the Dunmore #1 Vein.
 Quaker Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. The district includes 61 contributing buildings on 43 properties in the hamlet of Quaker Street. It is predominantly residential consisting mainly of one and one half and two story frame buildings. The district also includes the Quaker Meetinghouse (ca. 1807) McDonald Shoe Factory (ca. 1850) and Darious Gorge Store (ca. 1830s).
 Claybank Log Church is a historic church in Ozark Alabama. The building is the second church on the site replacing a similar structure built in 1829. The current building was constructed by a Methodist minister although the church was also used for various community functions. It is believed to be the oldest extant building in Dale County. In 1873 the congregation built a new church closer to the center of town.
 First Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. The first Berkshire Congregational Church was founded in 1803 and continues now in Newark Valley. The whole area now comprising Richford Berkshire and Newark Valley had comprised only one town Berkshire originally.
 The Numismatic Museum in Athens (Greek: Νομισματικό Μουσείο) is one of the most important museums of Greece and houses one of the greatest collections of coins ancient and modern in the world. The museum itself is housed in the former mansion of Heinrich Schliemann the famous archaeologist formally known as Iliou Melathron (“Palace of Ilion” (Greek: Ιλίου Μέλαθρον).
 Midland Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Midland Michigan. Opened in 1991 the mall features four anchor stores: JCPenney Sears Younkers and Target. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 The McIntosh Presbyterian Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Presbyterian church located at 5825 Avenue F corner of 7th Street in McIntosh Florida in the United States. The church was founded in 1885 as Center Point Church and the present building was built in 1907 and its name was changed to McIntosh Presbyterian Church on November 11 1908. The church has gabled sidewalls facing each street. Each of these sidewalls features a large triptych lancet window.
 St John of God Geelong Hospital is a division of St John of God Health Care one of the largest providers of health care services in Australia.Founded in 1974 the facility provides medical and social services to the Barwon South West region.
 Hancock School was a historic school on 33 Forest Street in Lexington Massachusetts. For the past 30 years it has been housed residential condominium units.The school was built in 1891 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.A major fire occurred on Halloween Day 2008. The building's roof and interior have been rebuilt and restored.
 Clara Barton School is a historic school building located in the North Hunting Park neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1924-1925. It is a three-story eight bay yellow brick building in the Art Deco-style. It features an entrance with decorative terra cotta panels and a terra cotta cornice. It was named for American Red Cross founder Clara Barton (1821-1912).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Permian Building was a large office building in Midland Texas that stood at 68 feet (21 m). It was built in 1933 and demolished in 2008. According to the Midland Convention and Visitor's Bureau former US President George W. Bush had an office in the building in 1970.
 Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic State Park is a Florida State Park in Flagler Beach Florida. It is three miles west of Flagler Beach on CR 2001 south of SR 100 and contains the ruins of an ante-bellum plantation. The original plantation was begun in 1821 growing indigo cotton rice and sugar cane. The property was acquired by the State of Florida in 1945 and dedicated as a State Historic Park in 1957. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 29 September 1970.
 Hyde School is a historic Romanesque Revival school at 100 High Street in Lee Massachusetts. The school was built in 1894 from locally quarried marble. It is named for Alexander Hyde who established the town's first school in his house on West Park Street and was built on the site of the town's first public school.
 St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an Episcopal church located at 580 Hilgard Avenue in Westwood Los Angeles California.
 Sande Church (Norwegian: Sande kyrkje) is a parish church in Sande Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Sande on the southern shore of the island of Sandsøya. The church is part of the Sande parish in the Søre Sunnmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1880 by the architect Jon Sefland. The church seats about 400 people.
 Belmont also known as the Ficklin Mansion is a historic home located at Charlottesville Virginia. It was built before 1837 for John Winn by Jefferson brick mason John Jordan. Originally it had a center pavilion with lower symmetrical side wings but a second story was added to the wings by John Winn's son Benjamin Bannister Winn about 1840. It is a brick dwelling showing both Greek Revival and Federal details as it was built during the transition between the two styles.
 The Shai-thaung Temple (Rakhine and Burmese: ရှစ်သောင်းဘုရား; MLCTS: hrac saung bhu. ra: Rakhine pronunciation: [ʃaɪʔθáʊɴ pʰəɹá]; also spelled Shitthaung [ʃɪʔθáʊɴ pʰəjá]) is a famous temple in Mrauk U. The name means 'Temple of 80000 Buddha Images' and is also known as the 'Temple of Victory'.
 The Church of St Maryin Bishops Lydeard Somerset England dates from the 14th and 15th centuries and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.In 1860–62 the church was extended by one bay and a vestry by Edward Jeboult of Taunton added.The tower which was built around 1497 has pierced tracery battlements pinnacles set back buttresses terminating in pinnacles at the bell-storey and pinnacles on the buttresses at each stage.Between 2010 and 2011 an eleven month restoration programme focussing on the tower and costing £240000 was undertaken by Sally Strachey Historic Conservation under the supervision of Smith Gamblin Architects.Several of the tombs in the churchyard are of historical importance as are two crosses one dating from the 14th century the other being the town's market cross which was moved to the churchyard in the 19th century.
 The Gardnerville Elementary School at 1290 Toler Ave. in Gardnerville Nevada is a historic Classical Revival-style school that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.It was built in 1928 and as of 2008 was still used as a school though other buildings on the property besides the NRHP-listed one exist.It was listed on the National Register in 2008 along with Minden Elementary School.
 The Room in the Elephant is a quality restaurant located in Torquay Devon England. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 Pfeiffer-Wheeler American Chestnut Cabin is a historic log cabin located at the 188-acre (76 ha) Pfeiffer Nature Center Portville in Cattaraugus County New York. It is a log cabin constructed of American Chestnut in 1941. It is thought to be one of very few examples of a private residence utilizing American chestnut log frame construction from this period.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Museum of Contemporary Craft based in Portland Oregon is the oldest continuously-running craft institution on the west coast of the United States. Located in downtown Portland’s Pearl District the museum's mission is to enliven and expand the understanding of craft and the museum experience.
 The St. Catherine of Siena Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 4151 Seminole Street in Detroit Michigan. It is now the St. Augustine and St. Monica Roman Catholic Church. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Barbier-Mueller Museum founded in 1977 is located at 10 rue Jean-Calvin in Geneva Switzerland. Its collection contains over 7000 pieces and includes works of art from Tribal and Classical antiquity as well as sculptures fabrics and ornaments from primitive civilizations around the world.
 Stonehaven also known as the John and Sarah Lundgren House is a historic home located at Chester Heights Delaware County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1799 and is a 2 1/2-story five-bay by two-bay stone building. It is a vernacular Federal-era dwelling with a Georgian plan. A two-bay stone kitchen addition was built in 1811 and a wood frame addition was added to that after 1910.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Texas County Courthouse is the historic courthouse serving Texas County Oklahoma located in the city of Guymon. The building is a four-story red brick structure; its fourth floor functions as a jail. The courthouse was designed by Maurice Jaynes using classical styles and built by the Kriepke Construction Co. a prominent builder in Oklahoma for $200000.
 Mill Tract Farm also known as the George Boone Homestead is a historic house and farm complex located in ##Exeter Township Berks County PennsylvaniaExeter Township## ##Berks County Pennsylvania### The original section of the house was built about 1750 with a western addition built about 1790 and rear additions completed between 1790 and 1820# It is a two-story five bay L-shaped ##fieldstone## dwelling in the ##Georgian architectureGeorgian## style# Also on the property are a 2 1/2-story stone ##grist mill## #c# 1728#; early-19th century 2 1/2-story fieldstone tenant house; large late-18th century stone and frame barn; stone ##Stypig pen##; and two-story stone horse barn# The grist mill was purportedly built by George Boone III grandfather of frontiersman ##Daniel Boone## who received the original land grant#It was listed on the ##National Register of Historic Places## in 1978#
 Hopen Church (Norwegian: Hopen kirke) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Hopen along the northern coast of the island of Smøla. The church is part of the Hopen parish in the Ytre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The white wooden church was built in 1892 by the architect Adolph Schirmer. The church seats about 260 people. The church was the main church for the old municipality of Hopen.
 The Dog Team Tavern was a restaurant that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was located on Dog Team Road off U.S. Route 7 roughly four miles north of the town of Middlebury Vermont. The restaurant burned down in early September 2006 destroying artifacts of the Sir Wilfred Grenfell Mission and Labrador handicrafts.
 Insurance Company of North America Building is a building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1978.The building was designed by architects Stewardson & Page (formerly Cope & Stewardson) and built by Stone & Webster Inc. It opened in 1925 as the home office of the Insurance Company of North America (INA) then one of the largest property insurance companies in the United States.
 Hotel Nikko Palau is a 5-star hotel in Palau. It is operated by the Japanese hotelier firm Hotel Nikko.It is one of the oldest hotels in Palau.
 The Overgate Centre is a shopping centre in Dundee Scotland. Built in the 1960s to replace buildings erected in the 18th and 19th centuries much of the original structure (e.g. the Angus Hotel) was demolished and redeveloped from 1998-2000.The centre reopened as a fully enclosed shopping mall in 2000 and follows the same basic structure as the 1960s layout. It is the only single-sided shopping mall in Europe.
 The B Reactor at the Hanford Site near Richland Washington USA was the first large-scale nuclear reactor ever built. The project was commissioned to produce plutonium-239 by neutron activation as part of the Manhattan Project the United States nuclear weapons development program during World War II. The B reactor was fueled with metallic natural uranium graphite moderated and water-cooled. It has been designated a U.S.
 City Central is a Business Improvement District (BID) representing approximately 630 businesses in the retail and leisure heart of Liverpool city centre. The BID covers 49 acres and includes 61 streets: Bold Street Church Street Lord Street the Cavern Quarter Whitechapel Williamson Square Queen Square Ranelagh Street and all inter-connecting streets. Key shopping centres located within the City Central area include: Cavern Walks Clayton Square Metquarter and St.
 Freising Cathedral also called Saint Mary and Corbinian Cathedral (German: Mariendom) is a romanesque basilica in Freising Bavaria. It is the co-cathedral of the Catholic Archdiocese of Munich and Freising. The Freising Cathedral is also known for being the place where Pope Benedict XVI was ordained a priest.After a fire had destroyed the old cathedral the church was constructed from 1159 onwards and consecrated in 1250.
 St Figael's Church Llanfigael is a redundant church in the hamlet of Llanfigael Anglesey Wales. It has been designated by Cadw as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. The church is considered by Cadw to be particularly notable because of its retaining its early 19th-century interior virtually intact.
 La Santé Prison (literally meaning Prison of Good Health) (French: Maison d'arrêt de la Santé or Prison de la Santé) is a prison operated by the Ministry of Justice located in the east of the Montparnasse district of the 14th arrondissement in Paris France at 42 Rue de la Santé.
 The Church of All Saints is a parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport. The church is located in Keokuk Iowa United States at 301 S. 9th Street. The church building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as St. Peter Church the name of the original congregation.
 Garden City Shopping Centre (usually known as Garden City) is a major regional shopping centre in the city of Perth Western Australia. Garden City is located at the corner of Marmion Street and Riseley Street in the southern suburb of Booragoon. Garden City is majority-owned by AMP Limited through its Australian Core Property Portfolio.In recent years there have been on average 13 million annual individual visits to the centre generating an estimated turnover of over A$500 million annually.
 Izmir Clock Tower (Turkish: İzmir Saat Kulesi) is a historic clock tower located at the Konak Square in Konak district of İzmir Turkey. The clock tower was designed by the Levantine French architect Raymond Charles Père and built in 1901 to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Abdülhamid II's accession to the throne (reigned 1876–1909). The clock itself was a gift from German Emperor Wilhelm II (reigned 1888–1918). It is decorated in an elaborate Ottoman architecture style.
 Howtown Hotel is a hotel in Howtown Cumbria England located near the southern shore of the Ullswater lake. Although it won the César Award for Best Hotel in 1991 by The Good Hotel Guide Lonely Planet describes the hotel as bewitchingly backwards with early 20th century decor. As of 2001 the hotel contained 10 double rooms 2 single rooms and 4 self-catering cottages. It has been run by four generations of the Baldry family since it opened in 1903.
 Dipper Dredge No. 3 is a historic dredge located at Lyons in Wayne County New York. It is a steam powered floating dredge located at the dry dock of the New York State Barge Canal at Lyons. The dredge consists of a rectangular riveted steel hull built in 1929 and measuring 110 feet in length 34 feet in beam and 7 feet in draft. The bow of the hull is squared and vertical. The stern is squared but inclined in the manner of a scow.
 Chelsea Tower is a 250 m (820 ft) skyscraper located on Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The 49 storey building is occupied by a hotel and residential apartments. Chelsea Tower is the 17th-tallest building in Dubai and one of the tallest residential buildings in the world. The tower stands out in the Dubai skyline due to its distinctive shape cladding and lighting.
 The Middlesex Hospital was a teaching hospital located in the Fitzrovia area of London England. First opened in 1745 on Windmill Street it was moved in 1757 to Mortimer Street where it remained until it was finally closed in 2005. Its staff and services were transferred to various sites within the University College London Hospitals NHS Trust. The Middlesex Hospital Medical School with a history dating back to 1746 merged with the medical school of University College London in 1987.
 The Barber-Pittman House at 416 N. Ashley St. in Valdosta Georgia was built in 1915. It was a work of architect Lloyd Barton Greer. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The listing included three contributing buildings.
 Crosby and Hill Building is a historic commercial building located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1859 with the present facade added in 1920. It is a four-story three-bay rectangular plan building of bearing wall brick construction. It has a flat roof with parapet wall. The building is an example of a late-19th century commercial building that was modernized in the first quarter of the 20th century.
 The Frank J. Von Ach House is located on the east side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Queen Anne Colonial Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 LaGrange also known as La Grange Plantation or Meredith House is a historic home located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland United States. It was built about 1760. The house is a 2 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house and is one of the few remaining Georgian houses in the town. Sun porches and a frame wing were added to the main house in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
 Peace Arch Hospital is a 146-bed acute care facility owned and operated by Fraser Health.
 Biscomaun Bhawan is the Tallest building in Patna and Bihar. It is a public building that houses many administrative offices of Bihar. It is 71 metres high. It houses many important offices of the Bihar governmentGovernment of India some Private company offices the Nalanda Open University and is the only building with a Revolving restaurant (Pind Balluchi) and a software park in the whole of Bihar and Eastern India.
 This article is about the Evangelical Baptist Church in Newton Massachusetts. For other uses see Evangelical Baptist Church (disambiguation).The Evangelical Baptist Church is an historic church located at 23 Chapel Street in the village of Nonantum in Newton Massachusetts.
 Commerce Tower is a 30-story Skyscraper located in Downtown Kansas City Missouri USA. Constructed in 1965 it is the ninth tallest habitable structure in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area and since the completion of the City Hall it was the first locally designed Skyscraper in Kansas City. The facade is constructed of pre-cast stone and glass (known as a curtain-wall) creating a unique look especially for its time.
 The Jackson Rooming House also known as Jackson House is a historic building constructed in 1901 as a boarding house in the city of Tampa in the U.S. state of Florida. It provided accommodations to African-Americans and other travelers of African descent during the era of racial segregation. It is located on the north end of downtown at 851 Zack Street approximately one block west of Tampa Union Station. On March 7 2007 it was added to the U.S.
 The CTF Guangzhou formerly Chow Tai Fook Centre (simplified Chinese: 周大福商业中心; traditional Chinese: 周大福商業中心; Mandarin Pinyin: Zhōu Dà Fú Shāngyèzhōngxīn; Jyutping: zau1 daai6 fuk1 soeng1 jip6 zung1 sam1) or Guangzhou East Tower (simplified Chinese: 广州东塔; traditional Chinese: 廣州東塔; Mandarin Pinyin: Guǎngzhōu Dōngtǎ; Jyutping: gwong2 zau1 dung1 taap3) is a skyscraper under construction in Guangzhou China.
 Valliance Bank Tower is a skyscraper in the near-northwest Uptown section of Oklahoma City Oklahoma. The tower is 98m and has 22 floors. The signature tower is anchor of the Northwest Business District and is the tallest and most prominent building in Oklahoma City outside of downtown.
 Park Point at RIT (originally referred to as Collegetown or College Park) is a commercial enterprise on the northeast corner of Rochester Institute of Technology's campus in Rochester New York. The property was initially being leased to Wilmorite Properties until it was bought by American Campus Communities in 2013.
 The Queen Victoria Building (or QVB) is a late nineteenth-century building designed by the architect George McRae in the central business district of Sydney Australia. The Romanesque Revival building was constructed between 1893 and 1898 and is 30 m (98 ft) wide by 190 m (620 ft) long. The building fills a city block bounded by George Market York and Druitt Streets.
 Everett Chambers or Hotel Everett is an historic building in Downtown Portland Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Mayagüez Mall is a shopping mall located between the municipalities of Mayagüez and Hormigueros. It is the third largest shopping center in Puerto Rico with a total of 1100000 square feet (100000 m2) of retail space and the main shopping center in western Puerto Rico followed by Western Plaza also in Mayagüez Aguadilla Mall and Plaza del Oeste in San Germán. Its main stores include: Sears JCPenney Wal-Mart Old Navy Marshalls and Office Max.
 Northpark Mall is a regional mall located in Joplin Missouri. The mall opened in 1972. It features more than 100 inline tenants including a food court and four anchor stores (JCPenney Sears and two Macy's locations) as well as TJ Maxx and Vintage Stock. The mall is also the temporary home of the 11th and 12th grades of Joplin High School. Northpark Mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 The Ponta dos Rosais Lighthouse (Portuguese: Farol da Ponta dos Rosais) is a beacon/lighthouse located along the 200m cliffs of Ponta dos Rosais near Rosais in the extreme northwest of the island of São Jorge in the Archipelago of the Azores Portugal. It includes the main 200 m structure/tower and several living quarters and auxiliary buildings constructed for the maintenance and operation of the lighthouse currently abandoned and in ruins.
 The Charles D. Elliott House is a historic house at 7 Colman Street in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built in the 1860s and is one of Newton's finest Second Empire houses. It has a mansard roof pierced by dormers with rounded or triangular gabled pediments. Its main facade has a slightly projecting central section which includes an elaborately decorated porch that projects further forward and extends the full width of the front. Charles D.
 Burg Hartenstein is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 St. Mary's Church is a historic church at 39 Western Avenue in Augusta Maine.The church was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Witmer's Tavern also known as the Conestoga Inn Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at East Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania just east of U.S. 30 on Old Philadelphia Pike. It is a large 2 1/2-story rectangular blue limestone building. The original section was built about 1725 and expanded in 1773. It was renovated in 1978. and was later operated as a bed-and-breakfast.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 ART4.RU Contemporary Art Museum is a museum of contemporary Russian art located in Moscow Russia. It was opened to the public in May 2007. A privately owned institution it houses the collection of Igor Markin.
 The Outlets at Legends is an upscale outlet center in Sparks Nevada owned and managed by RED Development. Legends currently contains 45 retailers and restaurants and it is anchored by Scheels All Sports (the largest all sports store in the world).Legends which opened in 2008 was the 2007–2009 title sponsor of the PGA Tour’s Reno-Tahoe Open at Montrêux Golf & County Club.
 Mausoleum of Struggle and Martyrdom (Polish: Mauzoleum Walki i Męczeństwa) is a museum in Warsaw Poland. It is a branch of the Museum of Independence. The museum presents the conditions in which Polish patriots and resistance fighters were jailed by Nazi Germany during World War II.The museum is located on Szucha Avenue in the building of the prewar Ministry of Religious Beliefs and Public Education (now the Ministry of National Education).
 Wylie House is an historic structure built in 1835 and located in Bloomington Indiana. It was home of Andrew Wylie first president of Indiana University until his death in 1851. In 1859 following the death of Andrew's widow Margaret Theophilus Adam Wylie professor at Indiana University and half-cousin to Andrew purchased the house from their heirs and his family resided there until his widow's death in 1913.
 The Carter House Inn is a hotel in Old Town Eureka California. It is known both for housing Restaurant 301 and for being a replica of a Queen Anne style building by Newsom & Newsom renown builder architects of many 19th century structures in California.
 Manoir des Pautis is a château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 Jean Georges is a 3-Michelin-stars restaurant at 1 Central Park West (between West 60th Street and West 61st Street) on the lobby level of the Trump International Hotel and Tower on the Upper West Side of Manhattan New York City named after its owner Jean-Georges Vongerichten.According to Michelin star rating it is one of the top 5 best French restaurant in the Americas (US Canada and Latin America).
 Diamond Head Lighthouse is a United States Coast Guard facility located on Diamond Head in Honolulu on the island of Oʻahu in the State of Hawaiʻi. The lighthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The Diamond Head Lighthouse was featured on a United States postage stamp in June 2007.
 The Latin American Art Museum of Buenos Aires (Spanish: Museo de Arte Latinoamericano de Buenos Aires MALBA) is a museum located on Figueroa Alcorta Avenue in the Palermo section of Buenos Aires.Created by Argentine businessman Eduardo Constantini the museum is operated by the not-for-profit Fundación MALBA – Constantini and was inaugurated on September 21 2001.
 The Benjamin Hait House in Stamford Connecticut also known as Hoyt House was built between 1728 and 1735. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.It's the oldest house in the area and is a rare example of a New England farmhouse amidst a now-suburban area. The house was restored.It is located on what is now a quiet road but which once was a segment of high-traffic High Ridge Road between Stamford and outlying areas and a route to New York State.
 The Aaron G. Cloud House now the McCoy Memorial Library is a historic house in McLeansboro Illinois which is now used as the city's public library. The house was built in 1884 for Aaron G. Cloud the founder of the Cloud State Bank; it has served as a library since 1922. The Reid Brothers an architectural firm from Evansville Indiana designed the home.
 The Kilauea Plantation or Kilauea Sugar Plantation was a large sugarcane plantation on the north side of Kauai island Hawaii including the community of Kilauea Hawaii. It was owned and operated by the 1880-incorporated Kilauea Sugar Company which became the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. from 1899 on.The original property was bought by an American Charles Titcomb from Kamehameha IV by 1863 who used it for cattle ranching. It was sold to Englishmen John Ross and E.P.
 Djursholm Castle (Djursholms slott) is a castle in Sweden.Djursholm is located in Danderyd Municipality within Stockholm urban area. The castle includes building components from the late Middle Ages. It was the main building on the estate Djursholm which was owned by the House of Banér from 1508-1813.
 The Sweetest Heart of Mary Roman Catholic Church is located at 4440 Russell Street (at East Canfield Street) in Detroit Michigan in the Forest Park neighborhood on the city's central East side. The Gothic Revival cathedral styled church is the largest of the Roman Catholic churches in the City of Detroit. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1974 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. St.
 Nampa Gateway Center is a 850000 sq ft (79000 m2) lifestyle center located in Nampa Idaho United States. The shopping center opened August 3 2007 with the opening of the center's JCPenney department store marking the return of the retail chain to Nampa after a 19 year absence.
 Mastekranen (English: The Masting Crane) is an 18th-century masting sheer and present landmark on Holmen in Copenhagen Denmark. It was designed by architect Philip de Lange and built in 1748–51 as part of the Royal Naval Shipyard at Holmen.
 The Ute Mountain Fire Tower is in Ashley National Forest southwest of Manila Utah. It was built in 1937 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 10 1980.
 Barcaldine House is a historic mansion in Barcaldine near Oban Scotland now a hotel.
 St. Marinos (Armenian: Սուրբ Մարինոս վանք) is a ruined Armenian Orthodox monastery in the Gürpınar district of Van Province of Turkey to the southeast of Lake Van.
 Macedonia Baptist Church more commonly known as Michigan Street Baptist Church is a historic African American Baptist church located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a brick church constructed in 1845. Rev. J. Edward Nash (1868–1957) served the congregation from 1892 to 1953. His home the Rev. J. Edward Nash Sr. House is located nearby.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 St Saviour's Church Ringley is in Kearsley near Bolton England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Bolton the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. Its benefice is united with those of St Peter's Farnworth St John the Evangelist Farnworth and Holy Trinity Prestolee. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Turner Hill is a historic estate at 315 Topsfield Road in Ipswich Massachusetts. It was built for Charles Goodnough Rice and Ann Proctor Rice to a design by Boston architect William Rantoul. Begun in 1898 and completed in 1903 the estate echoed European country estates the couple had seen in their travels. The estate house features extensive plaster molding and detailed woodwork notably in the reception hall whose wildlife motifs echo those of Haddonfield Hall in Scotland.
 The Oaks is a historic home located near Kents Store Fluvanna County Virginia. It was built between about 1809 and 1830. The rear ell is the original section and is a two story brick structure. In 1830 the brick single pile two-story structure over a raised basement was built onto the south. The house has a slate covered gable roof. A small one-story weatherboard addition was built onto the rear about 1915.
 For the former shopping district named Hamilton Mall in Allentown Pennsylvania see hereThe Hamilton Mall is a major shopping destination in Mays Landing in Hamilton Township Atlantic County New Jersey United States. Opened in 1987 the two-story enclosed mall is anchored by J.C. Penney Macy's and Sears (Sears and JC Penney were at the Shore Mall (now Harbor Square) prior to 1987).The mall is adjacent to the Black Horse Pike (U.S. Route 322) and U.S.
 The Hietzinger Synagoge was a synagogue in the Hietzing district of Vienna Austria. It was destroyed during the Reichskristallnacht in November 1938.
 Riverside Park is a historic park located in Buffalo in Erie County New York. See Riverside Park (stadium) for the defunct baseball field. Located in northwest Buffalo it is an individual park designed by the Olmsted Architectural Firm in 1898 after Frederick Law Olmsted's retirement. It is on a 22-acre (8.9 ha) site on a bluff overlooking the Niagara River.
 Hirami Ahmet Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Hırami Ahmet Paşa Mescidi) is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. The small church one among the 36 dedicated to Saint John the Baptist in Constantinople was part of a monastery bearing the same name. Its full name was Saint John the Forerunner by-the-Dome (Greek: Ἃγιος Ἰωάννης ὁ Πρόδρομος ἐν τῷ Τρούλλῳ Hagios Ioannis ho Prodromos en tō Trullō).
 Centennial Neighborhood District is roughly bounded by Union 3rd 4th Ferry and 9th Streets in Lafayette Indiana.The area originated as the Bartholomew and Davis Additions to Lafayette in 1829. Growth came rapidly after the Wabash and Erie Canal arrived in 1843. Growth continued with the arrival of the railroad in 1853. The Centennial Neighborhood Historic District takes its name from the Centennial School which was constructed in 1876 on the centennial of the nation.
 The Dauphin County Courthouse is a government building of Dauphin County located in the county seat Harrisburg Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 2 1993.
 Musée Marmottan Monet is located at 2 rue Louis Boilly in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. It features a collection of over three hundred Impressionist and Post-Impressionist works by Claude Monet (with the largest collection of his works in the world) Berthe Morisot Edgar Degas Édouard Manet Alfred Sisley Camille Pissarro Paul Gauguin Paul Signac and Pierre-Auguste Renoir.
 The Hōheikan (豊平館 Hōheikan) is a historical building and a wedding venue located in Nakajima Park Chūō-ku Sapporo Hokkaidō Japan. The building has previously been a hotel guest house event venue and military camp. Currently the Hōheikan is registered as one of the National Important Cultural Properties and used as a wedding venue restaurant and meeting facility. The building is run by the Sapporo city.
 Geneva Hall and Trinity Hall Hobart & William Smith College are historic dormitory buildings located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. Geneva Hall (1822) and Trinity Hall (1837) are the two oldest main structures on the campus of Hobart and William Smith Colleges however many of the houses date from earlier and Durfee House is the oldest dating from the 1780s.
 The Burgruine Aggstein (castle ruins of Aggstein) are the remnants of a castle on the right bank of the Danube in Wachau Austria. The castle dates back to the 12th century.
 The Henry Nelson House is a historic home and farm complex located at New Market Frederick County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story coursed stone rubble house built about 1800 with a gable roof and a corbeled brick cornice. Outbuildings include a barn log springhouse and a small log house.The Henry Nelson House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Cooper–Davenport Tavern Wing is a historic building at 81 Eustis Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Built c. 1806 by John Davenport as a wing to a 1757 tavern built by Jonathan Cooper this is one of the few Federal-period buildings to survive in the city. The tavern to which it was originally attached was located at Beech Street and Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge and was demolished c. 1888. This wing was saved from destruction and moved to its present location in 1885.
 The Cameron County Courthouse is an historic building located at 1150 East Madison Street in Brownsville Cameron County Texas. It was designed by architect Atlee B. Ayres in the Classical Revival style of architecture. Built between 1912 and 1914 by Gross Construction Company as the second court house of Cameron County it served as such until 1914 when the 1979 courthouse was completed in the 900 block of East Harrison Street.
 Dembel City Center also known as Dembel Mall is the second largest shopping center in Addis Ababa.[citation needed] Located in the center of the city less than 3 miles from Bole International Airport Dembel City Center was one of the first western-style shopping malls to open in Ethiopia. It is a twelve floor structure built in 2007 with 123 spaces designated for use as shops and other business offices.
 Darlington Industrial Historic District is a national historic district located at Darlington Darlington County South Carolina. The district encompasses 12 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in an industrial section of Darlington. They were built between about 1890 and 1925.
 Glenfield Hospital formally known as Glenfield General Hospital is situated near Glenfield on the outskirts of Leicester. It is one of England's main hospitals for coronary care and respiratory diseases. It is a tertiary referral University teaching hospital with a strong international reputation for medical research in cardiac and respiratory health.Glenfield Hospital is located at the junction of the A50 and the A563 (Leicester Ringroad).
 Batchellerville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Co. Rt. 7 in Batchellerville Saratoga County New York. It was built in 1867 and is a rectangular timber framed church in the Greek Revival style. It was moved to its present site in 1931. It features a two stage louvered belfry topped by a bell cast metal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Museo San Francisco Cultural Center is a cultural institution located in La Paz city Bolivia. It was established with the aim of preserving and conserving the arts and memories related to events and historic moments of the city of La Paz in Bolivia because the history of the convent and the Basilica of San Francisco that houses the museum is closely related to the history of this city.
 Romfelt Plaza (Doamna Ghica Plaza) is a residential building project in Bucharest. The complex is composed of nine buildings with a total surface of 132000 m2 the tallest tower having 24 floors and a height of 78 m.
 The Market Master's House is an 18th-century vernacular Colonial-era stone dwelling with 20th-century additions set at the rear of a long narrow lot in Bladensburg Prince George's County Maryland. It was constructed c. 1765 when Bladensburg was an active tobacco shipping port.The Market Master's House is significant for its association with the 18th century development of the town of Bladensburg.
 Radisson Blu Edwardian Heathrow Hotel is a luxury hotel in west London England. It is located at 140 Bath Road in Hayes London Borough of Hillingdon in close proximity to Heathrow Airport. The hotel is operated by the Radisson Hotels group and owned by Indian entrepreneur Jasminder Singh.
 Mitchell's Brick House Tavern also known as Oakland Hite House Goodwin Tavern Goodwin House and Coco House is a historic home located at Arrington Nelson County Virginia. It is a two-story painted brick Greek Revival-style house with a raised or English basement built about 1838.
 The Trommald Building is a historic building in Enumclaw Washington that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 2000 (ID #00000972).The building is significant for its relatively intact architecture influenced by the Chicago School style though the architect is unknown. The Trommald building was part of a city beautiful movement in 1920s Enumclaw to replace dilapidated wooden buildings with fireproof brick buildings.
 St Mary's Luton is an Anglican Church in the centre of the town of Luton England. The church has a rich and long history being over 850 years old and has been rebuilt and refurbished constantly over the centuries. The Church is one of the largest in Bedfordshire and considered a fine example of medieval architecture.The Church is part of the St Albans Diocese.
 Teller House is a historic hotel in Central City Colorado. Built in 1872 the building also serves as a casino and restaurant.The bar at the Teller House is well known for the Face on the Barroom Floor a painting of a woman's face on the wooden floor done in 1936 by local artist Herndon Davis as a joke after being fired by the Teller House.
 Hartsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. It was built in 1939-1940 by the Works Progress Administration and designed by architect Heyward S. Singley (1902-1959) of Columbia South Carolina. It is a two-story 21 bay wide rectangular brick Art Moderne style building.
 The XL Tower is a 25-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the XL Tower is expected to be completed in 2008.
 The Southworth House is a Classical Revival and Italianate house in Cleveland Ohio United States that was built in 1879. Named for its first owner W.P. Southworth a leading resident of late nineteenth-century Cleveland the house has been used for a variety of commercial purposes in recent decades. One of many historic sites in its eastside neighborhood it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
 The Bank Street Historic District is a group of four attached brick commercial buildings in different architectural styles on that street in Waterbury Connecticut United States. They were built over a 20-year period around the end of the 19th century when Waterbury was a prosperous growing industrial center.
 The Saint Andrew the Apostle Parish is a Roman Catholic Church in Bel-Air Village Makati City. It is one of the known Modern Edifices designed by Leandro V. Locsin in Makati City. This Parish is dedicated to Saint Andrew the Apostle the patron saint of Metro Manila and Bel-Air Village.
 The Joseph Bailly Homestead also known as Joseph Bailly Homestead and Cemetery in Porter Indiana is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.The Bailly Homestead is preserved by the National Park Service at Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore in Porter Indiana. The Homestead was the home of Joseph Aubert de Gaspé Bailly de Messein a fur trader and his family. Bailly brought his family to the southern shore of Lake Michigan in 1822.
 The Alfred Ayer House (also known as the James Eagleton House) is a historic building located on US Alternate 27/441 west of Oklawaha Florida. On July 13 1993 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 A replica of St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican St. Lucia's Cathedral is the seat of the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo in Sri Lanka. The Cathedral is located at Kotahena in the north east of Colombo on 18240 sq. ft. of land and is dedicated to Saint Lucy. It traces its origins to a small structure for worship built during Dutch occupation.
 Seven Oaks General Hospital is a community hospital in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It was founded in 1981 by community leaders and approved by the province of Manitoba to serve the needs of the northern part of Winnipeg and surrounding area.
 The Hôtel de Grimaldi-Régusse is a listed hôtel particulier in Aix-en-Provence.
 Colby Hall is an historic building on the campus of Andover Newton Theological School at 141 Herrick Road in the village of Newton Centre in Newton Massachusetts. It was built in 1866 in a mixture of Second Empire and Romanesque styles. It was named for Gardner Colby (1810–79) who was treasurer of the school and also was the benefactor of Waterville College in Maine which changed its name to Colby College in his honor. On January 30 1978.
 Indian Banks is a historic home and archaeological site located near Simonson Richmond County Virginia. It was built in 1728 and is a two-story five-bay Colonial era brick dwelling with a hipped roof and interior end chimneys. The front facade features bricks that are molded or carved into a wavy pattern. A one-story wing was added in 1975.
 Fort Dunlop (grid reference SP129902) is the common name of the original tyre factory and main office of Dunlop Rubber in the Erdington district of Birmingham England. It was established in 1917 and by 1954 the entire factory area employed 10000 workers. At one time it was the world's largest factory when it employed 3200 workers.Fort Dunlop the main building of the former factory area is next to the M6 motorway near to junction 5. It is a Grade A locally listed building.
 The Piti Guns or Piti Coastal Defense Guns is the site of three Vickers-type Model 3 140-millimetre (5.5 in) coastal defense guns in the War in the Pacific National Historical Park in Piti Guam. The Japanese manufactured these Model 3 coastal defense guns in 1914. During the Japanese Occupation of Guam from 1941-1944 they built up defensive positions on the island. The Chamorro population was forced to work in building up these defenses and did so here at the Piti Guns.
 First Christian Church is a historic church of the junction of 2nd and Depot Streets in Lonoke Arkansas.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1997.
 The California African American Museum (CAAM) is a museum located in Exposition Park Los Angeles California USA.
 Kōzan-ji (高山寺) formally Toganōsan Kōsan-ji (栂尾山高山寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Omuro sect of Shingon Buddhism in Umegahata Toganōchō Ukyō Ward Kyoto Japan. Kōzan-ji is also known as Kōsan-ji and Toganō-dera. The temple was founded by the Shingon scholar and monk Myōe (1173 – 1232) and is renowned for its numerous national treasures and important cultural properties.
 Telephone Exchange Building is a historic building at 23 Union Street in Norwich Connecticut. The colonial revival building was built in 1906 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 28 1983. The building is part of the Downtown Norwich Historic District.
 The Fenwick Hall which is also known as Fenwick Castle is a house built about 1730 on Johns Island South Carolina across the Stono River from James Island and Charleston. It is located between River Road and Penneys Creek. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1972.
 The Adams Memorial is a grave marker located in Section E of Rock Creek Cemetery Washington D.C. featuring a cast bronze allegorical sculpture by Augustus Saint-Gaudens. The shrouded figure is seated against a granite block which forms one side of a hexagonal plot designed by architect Stanford White.
 The Bear Lake Stake Tabernacle situated on main street in Paris Idaho is a Romanesque red sandstone meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints designed by Joseph Don Carlos Young. The tabernacle was built between 1884 and 1889 by Mormon pioneers of Bear Lake Valley who used horse and ox teams to haul rock quarried from Indian Creek Canyon nearly 18 miles away. It cost $50000 to build and seats around 2000 people.
 Mohave County Jail is at 310 North Fourth Street in Kingman Arizona. The jail was built in 1909-10 and is of Classical Revival architecture style. Pauley Jail Co. were the architects and John Mulligan was the contractor. The new jail replaced the old jail because the prisoners were breaking out too easily. It is one of the few remaining County Jails in the state.Mohave County Court House is at 310 North Fourth Street in Kingman AZ. The court house was built in 1915.
 The Casa Alvarez is a wood-frame French Colonial-style house in Florissant Missouri listed on the National Register of Historic Places as among the oldest houses in St. Louis County. According to its nomination for the Register it serves as a last link with the Spanish occupation of the Upper Louisiana territory. Located at 289 Rue St. Denis it is surrounded by modern homes.
 The Downtown North Historic District is a 19-acre (7.7 ha) historic district in Hartford Connecticut. The area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. It is a predominantly residential area located around Main Street and High Street north of I-84 and south of the Amtrak railroad tracks.[citation needed] There are 28 contributing buildings in the district that represent Mid-19th Century Revival and Late Victorian styles of architecture in the district.
 The Great Synagogue (Polish: Wielka Synagoga w Białymstoku) was a synagogue located in Białystok Poland which was built between 1909-1913 and designed by Szlojme Rabinowicz. The synagogue was burnt down by Germans on June 27 1941 with an estimated number of 2000 Jews inside.
 Dar Al Shifaa is a general medical and surgical hospital owned by Ismail alkhaja & sons located in Abu Dhabi city United Arab Emirates.It is the first private hospital in Abu Dhabi licensed by the Ministry of Health in April 1982.It has ER Operating theatre delivery room 16 rooms inpatient and 20 outpatient clinics.
 United Protestant Church (also known as The Church of a Thousand Trees; AHRS Site No. ANC-248) is a historic church at S. Denali and Elmwood Streets in Palmer Alaska.It was built in 1937 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Montefiore Hospital is a private hospital in Hove part of the English coastal city of Brighton and Hove. It opened in November 2012 and is operated by Spire Healthcare the second largest provider of private healthcare in the United Kingdom. The hospital is located in a large and distinctive Edwardian commercial building designed by prolific local architects Clayton & Black between 1899 and 1904.
 The Rainey House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from 1839 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. It has also been known as The Bob Rainey House.When listed the property included two contributing buildings on an area of 9.9 acres (4.0 ha).
 Paul Quattlebaum House is a historic home located at Conway in Horry County in the U.S. state of South Carolina It was built about 1890 and is a 1½-story gambrel-roofed single clad frame residence. It was remodeled in 1911 in the Dutch Colonial Revival style by Paul Quattlebaum to take its present form.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Dowden Tannery is a historic tannery building located at Cold Spring Harbor in Suffolk County New York. It was built about 1840 and is a three bay two story brick structure coated in stucco. Two one story gable roofed side additions were built in the early 20th century. The tannery is located in a residential area southeast of Woodbury Road and east of Cold Spring Harbor Railroad Station.
 St. Anne's Priory Coventry was a medieval monastic house historically in Warwickshire (now within the West Midlands England).
 The James Merrill House is a 19th-century house in Stonington Borough in southeastern Connecticut formerly owned by poet James Merrill. Upon his death in 1995 the house was kept by the village as a home for writers and scholars.
 The Confederate Mass Grave Monument in Somerset in Pulaski County Kentucky near Nancy Kentucky honors the Confederate soldiers who are buried here who died at the Battle of Mill Springs. These soldiers were from Alabama Mississippi and Tennessee and number over one hundred in total.The monument was built in 1910 by Bennett H. Young who during the war rode with Confederate general John Hunt Morgan.
 The Bakersfield Museum of Art is an art museum in Bakersfield California. It is located in Central Park on the corner of 19th St. and R St. It has four galleries which contains a permanent collection mainly from regional artists as well as room for traveling art exhibits. In 1991 it was accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 Bolingbroke Castle is a ruined castle in Bolingbroke (or Old Bolingbroke) Lincolnshire England.
 Stoke Minster is the town centre and civic church in Stoke-upon-Trent Stoke-on-Trent in England.
 The Cathedral of Saint Paul — informally known as Saint Paul's Cathedral — is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester in Worcester Massachusetts.The Gothic structure was designed by architect Elbridge Boyden. Construction began in the spring of 1868; the superstructure was completed by 1874 at which time the church was dedicated. The building is 168 feet (51 m) in length 91 feet (28 m) in width and 96 feet (29 m) in height.
 Glenburnie is an historic farm complex located between Shepherdstown West Virginia and Shenandoah Junction West Virginia. The house was built by James Glenn in 1802 completing the barn two years later.
 William E. Dodge House also known as Greyston Conference Center is a historic home located in Riverdale in the Bronx in New York City. It was built in 1863 and designed by noted architect James Renwick Jr. It is a 2 1⁄2-story masonry structure in the Gothic Revival style. It was built for William E. Dodge Jr. (1832–1903) as a summer residence and expanded in 1892 as a year round suburban home.
 The Royal Observatory Greenwich (formerly the Royal Greenwich Observatory or RGO) in London played a major role in the history of astronomy and navigation and is best known as the location of the prime meridian. It is situated on a hill in Greenwich Park overlooking the River Thames.The observatory was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II with the foundation stone being laid on 10 August.
 The M L Ranch was established by Henry Clay Lovell and his financial backer Anthony Mason in Wyoming's Big Horn Basin in the late 1870s to the south of the present location. The second and final location was established farther north as a cattle line camp in 1883 to be closer to markets in Billings Montana. In 1884 it became the headquarters for a ranch that reached 25000 acres (10000 ha) in area.
 The Key Bank Building is a 253ft (77m) tall skyscraper in Columbus Ohio. It was completed in 1963 and has 20 floors. It is the 23rd tallest building in Columbus and has 24619 m² of floors space.
 The Grand Hotel is a historic hotel and coastal resort located on Mackinac Island Michigan a small island located at the eastern end of the Straits of Mackinac within Lake Huron between the state's Upper and Lower Peninsulas. Constructed in the late 19th century the facility advertises itself as having the world's largest porch. The Grand Hotel is well known for a number of notable visitors including five U.S.
 Tate Liverpool is an art gallery and museum in Liverpool Merseyside England and part of Tate along with Tate St Ives Cornwall Tate Britain London and Tate Modern London. The museum was an initiative of the Merseyside Development Corporation. Tate Liverpool was created to display work from the Tate Collection which comprises the national collection of British art from the year 1500 to the present day and international modern art.
 Katarina kyrka (Church of Catherine) is one of the major churches in central Stockholm Sweden. The original building was constructed 1656–1695. It has been rebuilt twice after being destroyed by fires the second time during the 1990s.
 The Edgar and Lucy Henriques House at 20 Old Pali Place in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1904 for the Henriques couple who had married in 1898. Edgar Henriques was a businessman who had arrived in Hawaiʻi from New York in 1896. Lucy was of high-born Hawaiian aliʻi heritage descended from Isaac Davis a British seaman who served as advisor to Kamehameha I in dealing with foreigners and in conquering the other islands.
 Marshall's Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located in East Brandywine Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It spans Culbertson Run and is right next to Bridge Mill Farm. It has two arch spans one is 20-foot-long (6.1 m) and the second is 19-foot-long (5.8 m). The bridge was constructed in 1903 of stone with brick arch rings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Boyd Avenue Historic District is a residential district comprising 80 houses in Martinsburg West Virginia. The district includes the circa 1776 Aspen Hall and the associated Mendenhall's Fort of circa 1756. The district extends along Boyd Avenue 1500 feet (460 m) from West Race Street to Aspen Hall. The older section of the street is a single 40-foot (12 m) right-of-way while the newer portion is boulevarded with a grassed median between two separate roads.
 The Franklin School on Second St. SW in Jamestown North Dakota was built in 1909. It was designed by architect Joseph Bell DeRemer.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2002.According to its NRHP nomination the building is an 'impressive Classical Revival style structure and the style was in keeping with early twentieth-century social sentiment that educational facilities generally reflect a nobility of purpose.
 Church of Pentecost (Croatian: Hram silaska Duha svetoga Serbian Cyrillic: Храм силаска Духа светога) in Vinkovci is a Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church is one of two in the Eparchy of Osječko polje and Baranja that is dedicated to Pentecost. The original church which was built in 1793 was completely destroyed in 1991 during Croatian War of Independence and an identical church was rebuilt in its place in the period between 2007 and 2012.
 Appomattox Iron Works is a historic iron foundry complex located at Petersburg Virginia. The complex consists of nine buildings: the machine shop the mill store the supply room the pipe shop the carpenter's shop and pattern shop the core room the foundry building the blacksmith's shop and the ruins of a stable. The machine shop at 28 Old St. is the oldest structure in the complex. It was built between 1810 and 1825 and is a three-story four bay Federal style brick building.
 The York Civic Centre is a government building in Toronto Canada. It is located at 2700 Eglinton Avenue West in the neighbourhood of Beechborough-Greenbrook. The building is used by the Toronto West Court Office and was the seat of the municipal government of the former city of York Ontario.York's Civic Centre does not have a public square like several other civic centres in Toronto but is located next to Coronation Park and York Memorial Collegiate Institute.
 Maria Kannon Zen Center (MKZC) is a non-profit practice center in the Sanbo Kyodan tradition of Zen Buddhism located in Dallas Texas and founded in 1991 by the guiding teacher Ruben Habito (a Dharma heir of Yamada Koun). MKZC derives its name by combining the names of the Virgin Mary of Christianity and Kannon bodhisattva of Buddhism. It is actually the name of a figurine revered in Japan during Christian persecution there.
 The Lizzie Robinson House located at 2864 Corby Street in North Omaha Nebraska United States is the location of the first Church of God in Christ congregation in the state. Built in 1910 the house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 25 1993 and was designated an Omaha landmark on June 9 1992.
 The John Bexell House located in Corvallis Oregon is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Swan Land and Cattle Company Headquarters in Chugwater Wyoming was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.The surviving buildings include the ranchhouse barn and commissary for the company organized in Scotland in 1883.This company was a foreign concern that flourished in the American West during the 1880s when the range cattle industry was profitable. The company operated for over 70 years.It is located on Wyoming Highway 313.
 The Domain is a high-density business retail and residential center operated by Simon Property Group and Endeavor Real Estate Group and is located in the high-tech corridor of northwest Austin Texas. It is bordered on the west by Union Pacific Railroad on the west and north by Loop 1 on the south by Braker Lane and on the east by Burnet Rd. The initial phase of the project was completed in March 2007. It is managed and owned by Simon Property Group of Indianapolis Indiana The U.S..
 St. Joseph's Church is a historic church at 2202 Avenue K in Galveston Texas. It is the oldest German Catholic church in Texas and one of the oldest buildings in Galveston.
 The Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum is a former iron mine now a heritage museum located on Euclid Street between Lakeshore Drive and Spruce Street in Ishpeming Michigan. The museum operated by Marquette Range Iron Mining Heritage Theme Park Inc. celebrates the history of the Marquette Iron Range. The site was designated a state of Michigan historic site in 1973 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Silchar Medical College and Hospital (SMCH) established in 1968 is a government run medical college cum hospital located at Silchar in the southern Assam. It is the only referral hospital in the southern part of Assam also referred to as the Barak Valley. Being situated in a strategic geographic location it also renders its services to the ailing community of the neighbouring states like Mizoram North Tripura West Manipur and South Meghalaya.
 Hazlitt's is a townhouse hotel located at 6 Frith Street Soho Square London in very close proximity to Soho Theatre. The building is Georgian and dates back to 1718 four storeys with typical long Georgian-bay windows painted stylishly in beige.
 First Church in Exeter New Hampshire also known as Congregational Church or United Church of Christ was built in 1798. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It is included in the Front Street Historic District.
 St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic church on U.S. 7 in Lanesborough Massachusetts. It is an early example of a stone Gothic Revival church and only one of two surviving 19th century Gothic Revival church buildings in Berkshire County. It was built in 1836 for a parish whose history dates to 1767 and is one of the oldest Episcopal parishes in the state.
 Almas Tower (Arabic: برج الماس‎ Diamond Tower) is a 68-storey360 m (1180 ft) supertall skyscraper in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone of Dubai United Arab Emirates. Construction of the office building began in early 2005 and was completed in 2009 with the installation of some remaining cladding panels at the top of the tower. The building was topped out in 2008 and became the tallest building in Dubai until 2010 when it was surpassed by Burj Khalifa.
 Grossi Florentino as it is now known is one of Melbourne’s oldest restaurant. It evolved from the wine shop Café Denat to a restaurant in 1928. In 1999 it was bought by the Grossi family.
 The Warren County Court House in Indianola Iowa United States was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as a part of the PWA-Era County Courthouses of IA Multiple Properties Submission. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Princess Royal University Hospital or PRUH is a large acute district general hospital situated in Locksbottom near Farnborough in the London Borough of Bromley. It was opened on the 1st April 2003 on the site of the former Farnborough Hospital where it was built to house the services previously provided by Bromley and Farnborough Hospitals.
 The Cross Cancer Institute is the comprehensive cancer centre for northern Alberta and is one of two tertiary cancer centres in the province. It provides inpatient and outpatient services for cancer patients and counselling and support services for patients and their families.
 The J. M. Gates House is a Bungalow/Craftsman style house located in Kingman Arizona.
 Augustenborg Palace (or Augustenborg Castle; Danish: Augustenborg Slot German: Schloss Augustenburg) is a Rococo-style palace in the southwestern part of Augustenborg Als Island Denmark overlooking Augustenborg Fjord. The palace owes its name to Duchess Auguste (1633–1701). Augustenborg gave its name to the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg the last member of which was Duke Christian August II (1798–1869).
 The Anderson College Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Anderson University in Anderson South Carolina. It consists of six contributing properties (five buildings and one site) spread out over 8 acres (3.2 ha).
 The John J. Makinen Bottle House (also known as the Kaleva Bottle House Kaleva Bottle House Museum and Kaleva Historical Museum) is a house built of bottle wall construction in 1941 by John J. Makinen Sr. It is located in Kaleva Michigan near Manistee. Construction uses over 60000 bottles laid on their sides with the bottoms toward the exterior.
 The Clark-Taylor House is a historic building located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has also been known as the T. N. Taylor Home.
 St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Chelsea Massachusetts United States. Founded in 1905. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston. The architect of the church was Edward T. P. Graham who designed many Roman Catholic churches in Boston and the Midwest.
 The Frederick W. Neef House is a house in Denver Colorado United States that was built in 1886. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Saint-Étienne-du-Mont is a church in Paris France located on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève in the Ve arrondissement near the Panthéon. It contains the shrine of St. Geneviève the patron saint of Paris.The church also contains the tombs of Blaise Pascal and Jean Racine. Jean-Paul Marat is buried in the church's cemetery.The sculpted tympanum the The Stoning of Saint Stephen is the work of French sculptor Gabriel-Jules Thomas.
 The Montreal Holocaust Memorial Centre (MHMC) is a museum in Montreal Quebec Canada dedicated to Holocaust education and awareness. It was founded in 1979 by a group of Holocaust survivors and facilitated by the philanthropy of Steven Cummings.
 The Zion Evangelical Lutheran Church and Parsonage are located in Columbus Wisconsin. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 El Adobe de Capistrano or simply known as El Adobe is a restaurant located in San Juan Capistrano California. It has been operated since 1948 and is in a building composed of two historic adobes near Mission San Juan Capistrano. It is also famous for being frequented by and being a favorite of U.S. President Richard Nixon who lived in nearby San Clemente.The adobe which comprises the northern portion of the restaurant was built as the home of Miguel Yorba in 1797.
 Philip H. Sheridan School is a historic school building located in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1899-1900 and is a three-story five-bay stone-and-brick building in the Colonial Revival style. Three-story wings were added 1902 and 1910. It features a stone entrance pavilion Palladian windows and large arched openings.
 The William V. N. Barlow House is on South Clinton Street in Albion New York United States. It is a brick building erected in the 1870s in an eclectic mix of contemporary architectural styles including Second Empire Italianate and Queen Anne. Its interior features highly intricate Eastlake style woodwork.It was the home of a prominent local architect who designed many major buildings in Albion.
 1 William Street is a skyscraper under construction in Brisbane Queensland Australia. The modern style office building will be located in the Brisbane central business district in close proximity to Parliament House. The building is to be developed for the Queensland Government as part of the government's plan for a renewed Government Administrative Precinct and to meet its accommodation demands.Construction cost of the tower is expected to be $653 million. It is to be completed in late 2016.
 The Slovak National Museum in Martin is an ethnographically oriented branch of the Slovak National Museumit's located in Martin Slovakia.
 This article is about the Alan Turing Building in Manchester there is another building of the same name at QinetiQ in Malvern.The Alan Turing Building named after the mathematician and founder of computer science Alan Turing is a building at the University of Manchester in Manchester England. It houses the School of Mathematics the Photon Science Institute and the Jodrell Bank Centre for Astrophysics (part of the School of Physics and Astronomy).
 First Church of Christ Scientist is the main congregation for Atlanta Georgia’s Christian Science community. Its historic Greek revival church edifice is located on the corner of Fifteenth Street N.E. and Peachtree Street in the city’s Midtown section and is a contributing property in the Ansley Park Historic District.The church was opened in 1914 replacing a smaller church building at 17 West Baker Street where services were held since 1899.
 The Palace of Parliament (Romanian: Palatul Parlamentului) in Bucharest Romania is a multi-purpose building containing both chambers of the Romanian Parliament. According to the World Records Academy the Palace is the world's largest civilian building with an administrative function most expensive administrative building and heaviest building.The Palace was designed by architect Anca Petrescu and nearly completed by the Ceaușescu regime as the seat of political and administrative power.
 The Avenues is an upscale indoor shopping mall located on the southside of Jacksonville Florida at the intersection of U.S. 1 (Philips Highway) and Southside Boulevard near Interstate 95. The mall opened in 1990 with four anchor stores; Maison Blanche Dillard's JCPenney and Sears. Maison Blanche became Gayfers in 1992 which later became Belk in 1998. A Parisian department store was built later.
 The Jesse Tay House is a historic house at 51 Elm Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house built c. 1810 for Jesse Tay is one of Stoneham's best-preserved Federal style houses. Tay was a farmer and shoemaker and it is possible that one of the additions was used by him or other family members for the home-based manufacture of shoes.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Anna Jarvis House is a historic home located at Webster Taylor County West Virginia. It was built in 1854 and is a two story frame I house plan dwelling. It is notable as the birthplace of Anna Jarvis founder of Mother's Day and as General George B. McClelland's first field headquarters during his 1861 western Virginia campaign.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Langham Place Hotel (Chinese: 朗豪酒店) is a five star hotel located at 555 Shanghai Street Mong Kok Hong Kong. It is operated by Langham Hotels International.
 The Joseph D. Lyons House is a historic home in Sunderland Calvert County Maryland United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is privately owned and not open to the public.It is a large two-story frame structure with a hip roof and full-width front and rear porches. The house is five bays in width front and back and four in depth on both sides with all of the openings evenly spaced and precisely aligned at both floor levels.
 Rogner Europapark or Rogner Hotel is a luxury hotel located on the Dëshmorët e Kombit Boulevard south of the main centre of Tirana Albania. It is located near the Presidential Palace and foreign embassies and is a notable location for conferences. The hotel noted for its distinctive crescent shape has 136 rooms and is set in Mediterranean style gardens.
 St Mary's Cathedral Tallinn (Estonian: Toomkirik full name: Tallinna Neitsi Maarja Piiskoplik Toomkirik German: Ritter- und Domkirche English: The Cathedral of Saint Mary the Virgin in Tallinn also known as Dome Church) is a cathedral church located on Toompea Hill in Tallinn Estonia. Originally established by Danes in the 13th century it is the oldest church in Tallinn and mainland Estonia.
 Allen Hall at the University of Pittsburgh is a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark and a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District. Completed in 1914 and originally serving as the home to the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research the six story Greek Revival building designed by J. H. Giesey now serves as the home of the university's Department of Physics and Astronomy.
 Beckomberga Hospital (Swedish: Beckomberga sjukhus) was a Swedish psychiatric hospital situated in Bromma west of Stockholm. Opened in 1932 Beckomberga was in its mid-20th century heyday one of the largest psychiatric hospitals in Europe housing some 2000 mentally ill patients. The hospital was closed in 1995.
 The Complex of Mehmed I aka Yeşil Complex is a large Ottoman complex of religious buildings (Turkish: külliye) in Bursa Turkey built by Sultan Mehmed I Çelebi and completed in 1420.The complex is one of the last in a series of royal mosque complexes in Bursa starting with the Orhaniye Complex in the 14th century and ending with the Muradiye Complex completed in 1447. The complex includes the Yeşil Mosque a madrasah bath house soup kitchen and Yeşil Türbe (the tomb of Mehmed I Çelebi).
 Femco Farm—named for F. E. Murphy president and publisher of the Minneapolis Tribune—was actually six farms owned by Murphy in Wilkin County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. He used these farms totaling 5000–6000 acres (2000–2400 ha) to demonstrate breeding techniques and diversified farming in the 1920s and 1930s.
 The United States Post Office in Dobbs Ferry New York serves the ZIP Code 10522 which covers the village of Dobbs Ferry. It is a brick Colonial Revival structure located at the corner of Main and Oak streets in the downtown section.It was built in 1936 as part of a massive postal construction effort. Its architecture features a high level of detail and ornament for the Colonial Revival style. Only two other post offices in New York in that style share the same level of detail.
 Calumet Park is a 198 acre (79-hectare) park in Chicago Illinois. It provides access to Lake Michigan from the East Side neighborhood on the city's Southeast Side. The park contains approximately 0.9 miles (1.5 km) of lake frontage from 95th Street to 102nd Street. The park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Lawson Tower is a historic tower built in the style of a European castle turret. It is located off First Parish Road in Scituate Center Massachusetts United States.Standing 153 feet tall with 123 steps to the top. The tower was built in 1902 by multi-millionaire Boston businessman Thomas W. Lawson to cloak a 276000-gallon water tank across from his Dreamwold estate and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 (Structure #76001963).
 Bukhara is a restaurant at the Luxury Collection ITC Maurya Hotel in New Delhi India. Established in 1977 it is heavy on meats marinated and grilled in a tandoor (clay oven).
 The Rice-Tremonti House in Raytown Missouri is a building from 1844. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph the Worker is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in American Samoa a Territory of the United States. It is the mother church and co-seat of the bishop of the Diocese of Samoa-Pago Pago along with the Cathedral of the Holy Family in Tafuna. The church is located in the village of Fagatogo. It was completed in 1959 and was the only cathedral in the diocese until 1993 when Holy Family was built.
 St John the Evangelist's Church is an Anglican church in the Preston Village area of Brighton in the English city of Brighton and Hove. The Grade II listed building designed by Sir Arthur Blomfield was started in 1901 but did not take its present form for another quarter of a century. In the meantime the nearby parish church of Preston was severely damaged by fire and the new church was granted the parish church status which it still retains.
 St. Kunibert is the youngest of the Twelve Romanesque churches of Cologne and was consecrated 1247 one year before work on the Gothic Cologne Cathedral began.
 The Ada Arts and Heritage Center is a Colonial Revival styled building located at 400 South Rennie Street in Ada Oklahoma United States. The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The building was built in 1939 as the original site of the Ada Public Library.
 St Saviours in the Meadows is a parish church in the Church of England in The Meadows Nottingham.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower also known as the Metropolitan Life Tower or Met Life Tower and currently being converted into the New York Edition Hotel is a landmark skyscraper located on Madison Avenue near the intersection with East 23rd Street across from Madison Square Park in Manhattan New York City. Designed by the architectural firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons and built by the Hedden Construction Company the tower is modeled after the Campanile in Venice Italy.
 American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 is a historic ice manufacturing plant located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of two industrial buildings: an original two story stone ice manufacturing building built in 1905 and a brick ice storage addition built in 1919 is an immense nearly windowless structure with the height of a six-story building.American Ice Company Baltimore Plant No. 2 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Rhode Island Tool Company is a historic building at 146-148 West River Street in Providence Rhode Island.The building was built in 1853 by the Providence Tool Company. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 4th and Center Streets in Douglas Wyoming. Built in 1898 the church is the oldest church in Douglas as well as the only wooden church remaining in the city. G.W.G. Van Winkle designed the church in the Gothic Revival style. The church's design features a bell tower a steep roof lancet windows with stained glass and external buttresses.
 Malvern Hall is a historic apartment building located in the Mount Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located next to McCallum Manor. It was built in 1925 and is a four-story H-shaped steel framed building faced in brick and stone. Also on the property is a contributing garage unit.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Mattaponi Church is a historic Episcopal church near Cumnor King and Queen County Virginia. The original section was built between about 1730 and 1734 and later modified about 1755. It is a one-story cruciform brick structure measuring 84 feet 6 inches long by 64 feet. The church was restored after a fire gutted the interior in 1922. It has been used by Baptists since 1803.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Special Troops Armory also known as Philadelphia Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in the Ogontz neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 and is an I-plan brick building in the Moderne style. It consists of a two-story front section two-story drill hall and one-story rear section. The front section is seven bays wide with the center five bays slightly projecting.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Zoar is a historic farmstead and national historic district located within Zoar State Forest near Aylett King William County Virginia. It is also known as Mount Zoar Upper Zoar and Lower Zoar. The district encompasses 6 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites. The main house was built in 1901 and is a 1 1/2-story Queen Anne style single-family frame dwelling.
 The Fence at Alamo Cement Company is a Faux Bois sculpture by artist Dionicio Rodriguez. The sculpture is a 125-foot-long concrete faux wood fence laid out in approximately a “C” shape and features an elaborate entrance way formed by two sculpted tree trunks. The sculpture was posted to the National Register of Historic Places on August 9 2005.
 The New Bedford Cinema was a Scottish cinema on Eglinton Street in the Gorbals area of Glasgow. The building now houses the O2 Academy Glasgow.It is a notable example of Art Deco architecture in the city.
 The Mauna Kea Beach Hotel is a hotel property on the Kohala Coast of the island of Hawaii. It sits at Kaunaʻoa Bay. The American Institute of Architects (AIA) awarded the hotel an Honor Award in 1967 citing its restrained detailing and fine spacial sequences. In 2007 the hotel received honors again from the AIA as it made the top 150 of its America's Favorite Architecture list.
 Smithfield Friends Meeting House Parsonage and Cemetery is a Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) rebuilt in 1881. It is located at 108 Smithfield Road (Route 146A) in Woonsocket Rhode Island (across the street from North Smithfield).
 The N. Williams House is an historic house at 7 Rawson Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The 2 1⁄2 story wood frame house was built c. 1845-55 and is one of Uxbridge's finest Greek Revival houses. It is five bays wide and four deep with a pair of interior chimneys. It has corner pilasters supporting a full and wide cornice.
 Røros Church (Norwegian: Røros kirke also known as Bergstadens Ziir) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the mining town of Røros. Røros Church is Norway's fifth largest church and has about 1600 seats. It is also ranked by Riksantikvaren as one of the ten most important churches in Norway.
 Union Station and Burlington Freight House is located near the riverfront in downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The buildings are in a section of downtown with several historic structures. Across Ripley Street to the west is the Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Freight House and to the east across Harrison Street is the Dillon Memorial.
 Copacabana Hotel Residência is a hotel in Copacabana Rio de Janeiro Brazil located at Rua Barata Ribeiro 222. It contains apartments which have self-service facilities 120 suites in total.
 The Sforza Castle Pinacoteca (Pinacoteca del Castello Sforzesco in Italian) is an art gallery in the complex of the Sforza Castle Museums in Milan northern Italy.
 Cainhoe Castle was an 11th-century Norman castle located near the village of Clophill in the county of Bedfordshire England.Cainhoe Castle was a motte and triple bailey castle built by Nigel d'Aubigny a Norman Knight sometime after the Norman Invasion (1066). It was not mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086; Cainou: Nigel d'Aubigny; Thurstan from Avelina Ralph Tailbois' wife.
 Westfield Garden State Plaza is a two-story upscale shopping mall located in Paramus Bergen County New Jersey owned and managed by the Westfield Group and located at the intersection of Route 4 and Route 17 near the Garden State Parkway about 15 miles west of Manhattan.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Clare is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Clare Suffolk.
 John T. Whitmore House is a historic home located at Binghamton in Broome County New York. It is a Queen Anne–style dwelling constructed in 1888. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame residence with irregular massing and brick half timber and stucco and shingle exterior surfaces.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The great Mosque of Muhammad Ali Pasha or Alabaster Mosque (Arabic: مسجد محمد علي Turkish: Mehmet Ali Paşa Camii) is a mosque situated in the Citadel of Cairo in Egypt and commissioned by Muhammad Ali Pasha between 1830 and 1848.Situated on the summit of the citadel this Ottoman mosque the largest to be built in the first half of the 19th century is with its animated silhouette and twin minarets the most visible mosque in Cairo.The mosque was built in memory of Tusun Pasha Muhammad Ali's oldest son who died in 1816.This great mosque along with the citadel is one of the landmarks and tourist attractions of Cairo and is one of the first features to be seen when approaching the city from no matter which side.
 Menara Multi Purpose is a skyscraper located along Jalan Munshi Abdullah in midtown in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The tower is headquarters to Multi-Purpose Holdings Berhad Alliance Bank and Bandar Raya Developments Berhad.
 The Beverly Hilton is a hotel located on an 8.9-acre (3.6 ha) property at the intersection of Wilshire and Santa Monica boulevards in Beverly Hills California. The Beverly Hilton has hosted many awards shows charity benefits and entertainment and motion picture industry events and is perhaps best known as the home of the annual Golden Globe Awards.
 The museum of fine arts and archeology of Dole was founded in 1821. Since 1980 the museum is installed in the House of the Officers an example of military architecture of Franche-Comté at the 18th century.
 Calvert Manor is a historic apartment building located at 1925-1927 North Calvert Street in Arlington Virginia. It was designed by noted Washington D.C. architect Mihran Mesrobian and built in 1948 in the Moderne style. Mesrobian was also the builder and owner of Calvert Manor.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque. The church is located in Elkader Iowa United States at 330 1st St. NW. The church and parish hall are both listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Peter's Church Scorton is located in the village of Scorton Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Garstang the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of All Saints Barnacre and St John the Evangelist Calder Vale. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. Its spire is a landmark near the M6 motorway.
 The Bakersfield Californian Building also known as the Bakersfield California Building is a historic office building in Bakersfield California. The structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on March 10 1983. It was built for and is currently occupied by the newspaper The Bakersfield Californian.
 Otranto Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Hanahan Berkeley County South Carolina. It was built before 1778 and is a 1 1/2-half story gable-roofed building built low to the ground a modified rectangle in shape with an attached colonnaded piazza or porch on three sides. Exterior walls and columns are stuccoed brick. The gable ends have a low parapet with a course of brick as the cornice.
 Grenville M. Dodge House in Council Bluffs Iowa was the home of Grenville M. Dodge. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961. It is open to the public as a Victorian-era historic house museum.
 The Bath Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Ammonoosuc River off US 302 and NH 10 in Bath New Hampshire. The bridge built in 1833 by the town of Bath has a span of over 390 feet (120 m) and a roadbed that is just over 22 feet (6.7 m) wide. The bridge consists of four spans supported by Burr trusses.
 The Old Effingham County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Springfield the county seat of Effingham County in east central Georgia. It is located on Georgia State Route 21. It is located at 901 North Pine Street in Springfield.The courthouse was designed by Savannah architect Hyman C.
 Luther Store is a historic store in Swansea Massachusetts.The store was built in 1815 by Mace Luther. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 State Street African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African American church in Mobile Alabama. It is the oldest documented Methodist church building in Alabama. It is also one of two African American churches founded in the Methodist tradition in Mobile prior to the American Civil War.
 Suntec City is a major multi-use development located in Marina Centre a subzone of the Downtown Core in Singapore.
 Johannes Harnish Farmstead is a historic home and farm located at West Lampeter Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The property includes a Pennsylvania German style farmhouse a brick Pennsylvania style ancillary dwelling (c. 1860) a frame kitchen (mid-19th century) a stone springhouse (late 18th century) and a frame tobacco shed (c 1925).
 Temple of Israel is a historic Jewish temple at 8 Mohawk Place in Amsterdam New York.It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 St Gregory's Church Vale of Lune also known as the Vale of Lune Chapel is a redundant Anglican church situated on the A684 road about 1.5 miles (2 km) to the west of Sedbergh Cumbria England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Ambrose-Ward Mansion is located in East Orange Essex County New Jersey United States. The mansion was built in 1889 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 20 1982.
 The Peter Kirk Building first known as the Kirkland Investment Company Building is a historic building in Kirkland Washington located at the corner of Market Street and Seventh Avenue Kirkland's historic commercial core. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1889 by the city's founder and namesake Peter Kirk who constructed the building as the centerpiece of his planned steel producing city.
 Lehigh Valley Hospital based in Allentown Pennsylvania is the largest hospital in the Lehigh Valley and the flagship hospital of the Lehigh Valley Health Network (LVHN). LVHN includes two full-service hospitals in Allentown Pa. and Bethlehem Pa. plus Children’s Hospital at Lehigh Valley Hospital Community Health Centers primary care and specialty physicians pharmacy imaging home health hospice and laboratory services. The health network’s motto is A Passion for Better Medicine.
 Al Enma Mall is a newly constructed multi-story shopping mall situated in the East Riffa city of the Kingdom of Bahrain. It was opened to the public on 15 August 2012. The mall features 600 parking spaces and covers 55000 square metres.The popular retail chain Géant Hypermarket opened its second outlet in the country at the mall.
 Telegraph Building was a historic commercial building located at Harrisburg Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1909-1910 and was a building in the Italianate style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1983 after it was demolished. It was also included in the Old Downtown Harrisburg Commercial Historic District.
 The Roy Grounds House is located at 24 Hill Street Toorak in Melbourne Australia. It was designed by Sir Roy Grounds as his own home for his wife Betty and himself. This building was constructed in the early 1950s during the period of architectural experimentation on materiality and structure in houses. The Roy Grounds House was designed as a prototype for Roy’s latter project 10 years later on the National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) located on St.Kilda Road Melbourne.
 The National Museum of the United States Army (NMUSA) is planned as the official museum for the history of the United States Army and is planned for construction just outside of Washington DC.
 The Ukrainian Canadian Archives & Museum Of Alberta (UCAMA) is a Ukrainian museum located in Edmonton. Recently the museum bought the old Lodge Hotel and the Brighton Block located at 9670 Jasper Avenue. The goal is to rehabilitate in order to create a facility which will house exhibition galleries an archive and library resource area collection storage areas. educational meeting and special programming areas.
 The Megalithic Monuments of Alcalar (Portuguese: Monumentos Megalíticas de Alcalar) are group of burial tombs that comprise a Calcolithic necropolis located in the civil parish of Mexilhoeira Grande municipality of Portimão.
 Yates County Courthouse Park District is a national historic district located at Penn Yan in Yates County New York. The district consists of two acres and contains the Yates County Courthouse First Baptist Church the County Office Building the Old Jail and the Courthouse Park. The park includes a Civil War monument to the 2109 county soldiers who served in the war.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Château du Wineck is a ruined castle in the commune of Katzenthal in the Haut-Rhin département of France. It was constructed during the 13th and 14th centuries.
 Fisher's Station also known as Carriage Point was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route and the Texas Road in Indian Territory. It was located at the head of Island Bayou in what is now Bryan County Oklahoma. Island Bayou was then the dividing line between the Chickasaw and Choctaw Nations. From March 23 1869 to February 6 1871 the Carriage Point post office existed at the site and it is generally referred to by that name in the area.
 The Cathedral of Our Lady (Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekathedraal) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Antwerp Belgium. Today's see of the Diocese of Antwerp was started in 1352 and although the first stage of construction was ended in 1521 has never been 'completed'. In Gothic style its architects were Jan and Pieter Appelmans.
 The S. H. Kress and Co. Building at 140 South Beach Street in Daytona Beach Florida United States is a historic building. It was part of the S. H. Kress & Co. five and dime department store chain. On July 7 1983 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.AME of Volusia an investment firm owned by Albert M. Esposito purchased the four-story building in 2007 from Mac Smith an Ormond Beach Realtor who had owned it for 14 years.
 The Thunder Lake Trail-Bluebird Lake Trail near Allens Park Colorado was built in 1926. It was designed by National Park Service architects and was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It includes Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements Rustic and other architecture. The trail subsumes or is associated with Ouzel Lake Trail the Arbuckle Lake(s) Trail the Wild Basin Trail and the North St.
 Indian Castle Church is a historic mission church at Indian Castle in Herkimer County New York. The church is located on NYS Route 5S near present-day Danube. It is a one-story rectangular wood frame structure clad in clapboard with a gable roof and steeple. To the rear of the church is a burial ground containing the remains of both Mohawks and Europeans.It was erected in 1769 by Sir William Johnson British Superintendent of Indian Affairs as an Indian mission church for the Mohawk nation.
 The Hotel Margaret was a notable building in Brooklyn New York. Designed by Frank Freeman and completed in 1889 the hotel was the locality's first skyscraper and for many years remained its tallest building. It was destroyed by fire during renovations in 1980.
 First Congregational Church is located in Hartland Wisconsin. The church was built in the Gothic Revival architecture style in 1923. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1986 for its architectural significance.
 The F. P. Martin House (built in 1926) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada. The house was built a local architect Frank Percy Martin in a unique Cottage Style with double dormers Gothic doorways and lattice windows.F.P. Martin lived in one half of the building using the third floor loft as his study the second half of the house was used by his brother.
 The Harmonie Club is a club located at 267 East Grand River Avenue in Downtown Detroit Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Telus Spark is a science museum with interactive exhibits multimedia presentations and educational demonstrations in Calgary Alberta Canada. There are more than 380000 visitors annually including over 77000 students.
 Westfield Valley Fair formerly named and known as Valley Fair is an upscale indoor shopping mall in Silicon Valley in the U.S. state of California owned by the Westfield Group. It is located at the corner of Winchester and Stevens Creek Boulevards straddling the border of San Jose and Santa Clara.
 The Waite Brick Block is a historic commercial building at 422-424 Main Street in Malden Massachusetts. Built in 1848 it is the oldest brick building in the city. The three story Greek Revival building has a hip roof from which three tapered chimneys project. One corner of the building is curved following the original junction of Main and Pleasant Streets.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 misspelled as Waitt.
 Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Roxbury in Delaware County New York. The district contains 86 contributing buildings three contributing sites three contributing structures and one contributing object. The southern end of the district is dominated by the Gothic Revival style Jay Gould Memorial Reformed Church (1892) the Roxbury Central School (1939) and the Kirkside estate. Located nearby is a Greek Revival style Methodist church erected in 1858.
 Carthage National Museum along with the Bardo National Museum one of the two main archaeological museums in Tunisia is a national museum displaying archaeological items; it is sited at the hill of Byrsa in the heart of the city of Carthage. Founded in 1875 it is one of the country's most extensive museums. Located near the Cathedral of Saint-Louis of Carthage it allows the visitor to appreciate the magnitude of the city during the Punic and Roman eras.
 The Grafton Correctional Centre an Australian medium security prison for males and females is located in Grafton New South Wales. The centre is operated by Corrective Services NSW an agency of the Department of Attorney General and Justice of the Government of New South Wales. The centre detains sentenced and unsentenced felons under New South Wales and/or Commonwealth legislation.The architectural structure of the current building is unique and listed on the NSW State Heritage Register.
 The Washington Athletic Club stands at 1325 6th Avenue at Union Street in downtown Seattle on the same block as the 5th Avenue Theatre. The WAC won its sixth consecutive 5 Star Platinum Club of America award in 2012 and was named the best athletic club in Washington and one of the top four nationally. The 21-story WAC clubhouse opened in December 1930 and the club marks its 84th anniversary in 2013. The clubhouse was designed in the art deco style by Seattle architect Sherwood D.
 The Aquatic Hall of Fame and Museum of Canada was located in the Pan Am Pool in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. It closed in 2006.The Museum was the oldest incorporated sports museum in Canada and had exhibits on swimming diving synchronized swimming and water polo. It recognized athletes and coaches who have competed in the Olympic Games Commonwealth Games Pan American Games and World championships.The artifacts have been placed in storage in the hope that a new location will host the museum.
 The Kremlin Armory (Russian: Оружейная палата) is one of the oldest museums of Moscow established in 1808 and located in the Moscow Kremlin (map).The Kremlin Armoury originated as the royal arsenal in 1508. Until the transfer of the court to St Petersburg the Armoury was in charge of producing purchasing and storing weapons jewelry and various household articles of the tsars.
 South Bristol Community Hospital is a community hospital in the Hengrove area of Bristol England on the site of the former Whitchurch Airport. It opened in March 2012.
 The Harrison Parker Sr. House is a historic house at 60 Lloyd Street in Winchester Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in 1843 by Harrison Parker Sr. the owner of a local lumber mill. It is also one of the finer examples of Italianate style in the town with a low-pitch hip roof with wide eaves decorated with brackets and small attic windows set in the architrave. The second story windows have round-arch tops and there are decorated porches on three sides.
 The Katherine Anne Porter House is a historic house located in Kyle Texas. It was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The house is the childhood home of writer Katherine Anne Porter. It was restored and turned into a museum at the instigation of Tom Grimes director of the Texas State University MFA program.
 The Maritime Fluvial and Harbour Museum of Rouen (French: musée maritime fluvial et portuaire de Rouen) is a museum dedicated to the history of the port of Rouen which is one of the greatest ports of France. The museum opened in 1999 during the Rouen Armada a festival of tall ships which takes place every five years.
 The Building at 1119-1121 W. Third Street was located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It was built in 1875 and featured elements of the Chicago School of architecture. The building was a three-story brick structure with flat arched windows. The third floor windows were shorter than those of the other two floors. The only decoration on the façade was brick corbelling at the cornice level and keystones over the windows.
 Shakthan Thampuran Palace is situated in City of Thrissur in Kerala state India. It is named as Vadakkekara Palace was reconstructed in Kerala-Dutch style in 1795 by Ramavarma Thampuran of the erstwhile Princely State of Cochin well as Sakthan Thampuran (Greatest ruler of the Cochin dynasty) is preserved by Archaeological Department. The palace was converted into a museum in 2005 by State.
 The Willis House is a historic home located at Manchester Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1762 and is a 2 1/2-story banked brick dwelling with a partly exposed basement. It measures 30 feet long by 31 feet wide and has a steeply pitched gable roof. The interior is laid out in avariation of a Georgian center hall plan.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Niels Nielsen Fourteen-Side Barn Farm near Noonan North Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1914 by successful Danish immigrant Niels Nielsen. It was built from a kit purchased from the Chicago House Wrecking Co. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The barn is an important representative of the round barn theme because it illustrates the popularity of pre-cut kits sometimes used in theirconstruction.
 The Reading Company Grain Elevator was built as a grain elevator in 1925 by the Reading Railroad in Center City Philadelphia to replace an elevator that had operated on the same spot since the Civil War. The building was abandoned in the 1950s and refitted in the 1970 with the lower floor made into offices the grain storage areas essentially untouched and the upper levels made into penthouses.
 The Anglican Church of St Mary in Chedzoy Somerset England dates from the 13th century and has been designated as a grade I listed building.There is evidence of a Church in Chedzoy in 1166 when it was given along with the parent church in North Petherton to Buckland Priory.
 The Granite Store is an historic building located at 110 Hecla Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. This 2 1⁄2 story granite building was constructed c. 1850-60 and may have been built by the Spaulding Company who owned the nearby mill complex. It is distinctive locally as a granite structure in a residential area of predominantly wood-frame houses and for its uses as a company store (below) and meeting space (above).
 The National Biscuit Company Building also known as National Biscuit Company Flats is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. The heavy timber and masonry building was the first substantial structure built on 10th Street when it opened in 1906. In 1995 the building was converted into a 54-unit apartment building. The neighboring Herring Motor Car Company Building has also been converted into loft apartments.
 Suzhou Culture and Arts Centre (Chinese: 苏州文化艺术中心; pinyin: Sūzhōu wénhuà yìshù zhōngxīn) formerly known as Suzhou Science and Culture Arts Centre (SSCAC) located to the east of Jinji Lake in Suzhou Industrial Park Suzhou Jiangsu is a cultural center in China. It occupies an area of 138000 m2 and its total gross floor area is 150000 square meters. It is the permanent awards base of China Film Golden Rooster Awards.
 The O.H. Booth Hose Company is a former firehouse along Main Street in Poughkeepsie New York United States. It was in use for roughly a century from the late 1910s to the mid-2000s when the city's police and fire departments consolidated their operations in a new building across the street. A local firefighters' group has proposed turning it into a local fire museum.It is a three-story brick building with three bays which could house two fire engines during its active days.
 West Commerce Street Historic District in Aberdeen Mississippi is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It includes the Reuben Davis House which is separately listed on the National Register.
 St Andrew's Church Brighton is the Anglican Parish Church of the beach-side suburb of Brighton Melbourne Victoria Australia. Founded in 1842 St Andrew's was one of the earliest Christian churches established in the Port Phillip District and predates both the Anglican Diocese of Melbourne and the Colony now State of Victoria.
 The North Inlet Trail in Rocky Mountain National Park near Grand Lake Colorado was built up from lesser pathways and rebuilt during 1926 to 1931 into its course that mostly continues to today. The trail runs from the North Inlet feeder into Grand Lake up 11.5 miles to Flattop Mountain. Part or all of it has also been known as Grand Lake Trail and as Flattop Trail. A 2.8 mile spur trail called Nokoni-Nanita Spur is also included.Allison van V.
 Pierre Bossier Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located at the intersection of Interstate 20 and Airline Drive (Louisiana Highway 3105) in Bossier City Louisiana. The mall as is the city it is located in is named after early settler Pierre Bossier. The mall was purchased by General Growth Properties who built and sold it in the 1980s for $26 million in October 1998. It is currently owned and managed by Rouse Properties one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
 St. Bartholomew's Anglican Church is a Toronto parish of the Anglican Church of Canada. Located in Regent Park the congregation was established in the 1870s and operates several outreach programmes. Its orientation is Anglo-Catholic.
 The Federal Building Grand Island Nebraska is a historic post office federal office and courthouse building located at Grand Island in Hall County Nebraska. It is no longer used as a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska.
 The Elwood Downtown Historic District is an area roughly bounded by Duck Creek N. A St. 16th St. and S. C St. Significant buildings include the former Elwood City Hall the Leeson's Building and the Opera House.
 Los Pinos (from Spanish The Pines) is the official residence and office of the President of Mexico. Located in the Bosque de Chapultepec (Chapultepec Forest) in central Mexico City it became the presidential seat in 1934 when Gen. Lázaro Cárdenas became the first president to live here. The term Los Pinos has become a metonym for the Presidency of Mexico.
 The Basilica of Notre-Dame-du-Cap is a basilica in Trois-Rivières Quebec Canada. It is an important Catholic sanctuary which receives thousands of pilgrims each year.The structure was originally built as a church in 1720. The first pilgrimage to the Sanctuary was made on May 7 1883. In 1964 the present basilica was inaugurated and the sanctuary officially became a minor basilica.
 The L. B. King and Company Building is a commercial building located at 1274 Library Street in Detroit Michigan. It is also known as the Annis Furs Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1987.
 Museum of Local History in Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Historisë Lokale në Ulqin) or simply Museum of Ulcinj (albanian: Muzeu i Ulqinit) is a local museum located in Kalaja part of Ulcinj Montenegro.Through exhibits from the archaeological ethnographic and artistic collection in the Museum of Local History you can learn about life in Ulcinj from the 5th century BC to the Turkish period.The Museum is located in the Church-Mosque which was built as a church in 1510 and had been transformed to a mosque by the Turks in 1571. 
 The John Palmer House at 291 N. Burnham Hwy. Lisbon Connecticut is a Colonial style house that was built in 1790. It has also been known as Heritage Trail VineyardsIt was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.It is significant as a restored Cape Cod colonial form house and for association with John Palmer's involvement in dissent of the Great Awakening a religious revival. Palmer was a preacher and a Separatist leader from 1746 until his death c.1800.
 The House at 343 Highland Avenue is a historic two-family house in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame Queen Anne style house was built c. 1880. The house features jigsaw-cut bargeboard decoration on the porches and paired brackets in the eaves and gables.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Pettit's Ford is an American historic home located in Dover Township York County Pennsylvania.
 Gaebler Children's Center was a psychiatric institution operated by the Massachusetts Department of Mental Health for severely mentally ill children and adolescents located in Waltham Massachusetts.The center opened on October 8 1955 near the grounds of the Metropolitan State Hospital and closed on January 31 1992. It was named after William C. Gaebler the second superintendent of the Metropolitan State Hospital.
 The Lewis and Clark County Hospital Historic District is a historic district in Helena Lewis and Clark County Montana. It has also been known as Cooney Convalescent Home Miner's Hospital Poor Farm and Old Cooney Home. There are seven buildings and a garden on the property; four buildings and the garden are part of the historic district: the hospital detention hospital shed superintendent's residence and garden.
 The Goodson Memorial School in Union County New Mexico near Seneca was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration. It has also been known as the Goodson School. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003; the listing included one contributing building three other contributing structures and one contributing site.It was deemed significant as one of few surviving WPA school buildings in northeast New Mexico.
 The Comox Air Force Museum collects preserves interprets and exhibits artifacts relating to CFB Comox its squadrons and its units. The museum is located at the main gate of CFB Comox located in the Comox Valley on Vancouver Island British Columbia. The museum opened its doors in the current location 12 September 1987. In addition to the exhibits the museum has an aviation reference library and an aviation art gallery.
 The Musée Lambinet is a municipal museum in Versailles telling the history of the town. Since 1932 it has been housed in the hôtel Lambinet a hôtel particulier designed by Élie Blanchard built in the second half of the 18th century by a part of the Clagny lake (drained in 1837) and left to the town of Versailles by the heirs of Victor Lambinet (a cousin of the painter Émile Lambinet) in 1929. It has been classed as a monument historique since 1944.
 Emily Carr House is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Victoria British Columbia. It was the childhood home of Canadian painter Emily Carr and had a lasting impression on her paintings and writings.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd near Syracuse New York is located on the Onondaga Indian Reservation.
 The Gonda Building is a medical building owned by the Mayo Clinic in Rochester Minnesota and designed by Ellerbe Becket Architects and Engineers.It rises 305 feet (93 m) in 21 floors and was completed in 2001.The Gonda building was the largest building project in the Mayo Clinic’s history the Leslie & Susan Gonda Building was constructed in three phases to a height of 21 stories. It has the capability to add 10 more floors.
 The Kloosterkerk (or Cloister Church) is a church on the Lange Voorhout in The Hague Netherlands. The church and its accompanying monastery were first built in 1397. The church is known today as the church where Queen Beatrix occasionally attends services.
 The Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Fort Worth) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates located in the city of Fort Worth Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FCI Fort Worth is located approximately 40 miles west of Dallas Texas.
 Corder House and Sydenham House are two adjacent Grade II listed buildings on Fawcett Street in Sunderland Tyne and Wear England. Designed by Frank Caws in the Neo-Moorish style they were constructed in brick from 1889–1891 by David and John Rankin with terracotta features by J. C. Edwards of Ruabon.
 First Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church located at Farmville Prince Edward County Virginia. It was built between about 1855 an 1895 and is a one-story rectangular brick Late Gothic Revival style church building on a full basement.
 TVB City (Chinese: 電視廣播城; Cantonese Yale: din si gwong bo sing) is the headquarters of Television Broadcasts Limited located at 77 Chun Choi Street in the Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate Tai Chik Sha Tseung Kwan O New Territories near to Shaw Studios. TVB is by far the biggest tenant of the estate and the first service-providing company in there.The city officially opened on January 1 2005 and was constructed at a cost of HK$2.2 billion.
 The Church of Our Lady (Dutch: Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk) in Bruges Belgium dates mainly from the 13th 14th and 15th centuries. Its tower at 122.3 meters in height remains the tallest structure in the city and the second tallest brickwork tower in the world (the tallest being the St. Martin's Church in Landshut Germany).In the choir space behind the high altar are the tombs of Charles the Bold last Valois Duke of Burgundy and his daughter the duchess Mary.
 Mexico Academy and Central School is a historic school building located at Mexico in Oswego County New York. It was built originally in 1927 damaged by fire in 1937 and reconstructed in 1938. It is a two story Georgian Revival style brick building in a U shaped plan. It features a distinctive tower that contains an 1828 bell from an earlier building.
 Garfinckel's Department Store is an eight-story department store building erected at the northwest corner of 14th and F Streets across from the Willard Hotel which is one block from the Treasury Department and less than two blocks from the White House.
 Grace Community Church is a non-denominational evangelical megachurch founded in 1956 and located in Sun Valley California. Noted speaker and religious radio host John MacArthur is the senior pastor of Grace Community Church. As of 2008 the average weekly attendance was 8258.
 The California Surf Museum is a museum located at 312 Pier View Way in Oceanside California dedicated to archiving and displaying surfboards surf art memorabilia surfing equipment photographs magazines videos and more. The California Surf Museum's permanent time line of surfboards includes wooden boards from the early 1900s to today's modern boards. The museum has rotating exhibits and is visited by an estimated 20000 people annually.
 Branch Brook Park is a county park of Essex County New Jersey in the United States located in the North Ward of Newark between the neighborhoods of Forest Hill and Roseville. At 360 acres (150 ha) Branch Brook Park is the largest public park in the city of Newark.
 The Shipley Art Gallery is an art gallery situated in Gateshead Tyne and Wear England located at the south end of Prince Consort Road.
 The Lorenzo D. Hawkins House is a historic house at 1 Cedar Street in Stoneham Massachusetts. The property consists of a house and carriage house both built c. 1870 that are among Stoneham's finest Second Empire buildings. The house is a two story wood frame structure with irregular massing. It has the classic mansard roof an ornately decorated entry porch heavily brackted cornice and round-arch windows in its dormers and front bay.
 Château de Lavison is a château in Gironde Aquitane France.
 The Jerome City Pump House is a water works building located near Jerome Idaho that was built in 1922 by stonemason H.T. Pugh. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Helmcken House is a museum in Victoria British Columbia located in Thunderbird Park. It was built by Dr. John Sebastian Helmcken the first doctor in Victoria in 1852 a surgeon with the Hudson's Bay Company. It is currently claimed to be the oldest house in British Columbia that is open to the public. Some interesting items on display include his medical kit.
 The Unitarian Church of All Souls in New York City was the first Unitarian Universalist church in New York City. It is one of the largest and most influential congregations in the United States. It has provided a pulpit for some of the movement's leading theologians and has also recorded many eminent persons in its membership.
 The Christina Kuhl House is located in Stevens Point Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Indian Industrial School at Genoa Nebraska was the fourth non-reservation boarding institution established by the Office of Indian Affairs. The facility was completed in 1884 and operated until 1934. Now restored it is owned and operated by a foundation as the Genoa U.S. Indian School Museum. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Conrad Weiser Homestead is the historic home of Johann Conrad Weiser who enlisted the Iroquois on the British side in the French and Indian War. The home a designated National Historic Landmark is administered as a historic house museum by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission near Womelsdorf Berks County Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Steenburg Tavern is a historic Revolutionary War-era tavern located at Rhinecliff Dutchess County New York. It was originally built about 1755 and expanded in the late 18th century. It is a four bay wide two bay deep stone building built into a hillside. It features a sweeping gable roof and broad low verandah. Also on the property is a contributing carriage barn and privy.
 Saint James' Episcopal Church is a historic church in Pewee Valley Kentucky.It was built in 1869 and added to the National Register in 1985.
 The Ketchum Ranger District Administrative Site is a historic site at 131/171 River St. in Ketchum Idaho. Significance of the site dates to 1929. It has also been known as Ketchum Ranger Station and as the Heritage and Ski Museum.It is a compound that served as District Office for the ranger serving the Sawtooth National Forest during 1929 to 1965. After 1965 it served as a work station and residence for Forest Service staff including fire fighters.
 Koppers Tower is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The tower is named for the Koppers Chemical Corporation.Koppers Tower was completed in March 1929 and it has 34 floors at a cost of $5.5 million ($75.5 million today). It rises 475 feet or 145 meters above Downtown Pittsburgh. Its address is Grant Street & Seventh Avenue.
 The Athenaeum of Philadelphia located at 219 S. 6th Street between St. James Place and Locust Street in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania is a special collections library and museum founded in 1814 to collect materials connected with the history and antiquities of America and the useful arts and generally to disseminate useful knowledge for public benefit.
 The Mount Zion United Methodist Church in Crabtree North Carolina was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Voorhees Main Street Complex (also known as the Voorhees Complex Main Street Complex or simply Main Street) is a shopping center banquet hall residential medical and business complex located in Voorhees New Jersey United States. It was developed by John B. Canuso a South Jersey developer.
 The Redgranite Correctional Institution is a medium security adult male correctional institution located in Redgranite Wisconsin in the United States. The prison is operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections. Groundbreaking occurred on June 18 1999 and it opened on January 8 2001. Boldt Construction Company built it for the state at a cost of $52.9 million. [1]
 Château de Ravignan is a château in Landes Aquitane France. It dates to 1663.
 Lynch-O'Gorman House is a historic house at 41 Mason Terrace in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Battell House is an historic house located at 293 Haverhill Street in Reading Massachusetts. This 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1806 and exhibits conservative Georgian-Federal transitional features. The gable ends have no returns and the second-floor windows are smaller than those on the first floor and nearly touch the eaves. The door surround is Federal in style although parts of it are a later addition. The house is also noted for its occupation by Charles P.
 The Barber Block is a building complex in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). It was built in 1890 and listed on the NRHP in 1977. It is also located within the East Portland Grand Avenue Historic District.Among the building's occupants in the 1920s was a nickelodeon theater. After the Columbus Day Storm of 1962 caused significant damage to the building's roof its owners considering demolishing it but decided against doing so.
 National Art Gallery of Bangladesh is a fine arts gallery of Shilpakala Academy in Segunbagicha Dhaka Bangladesh. It contains works of art from national artists such as Zainul Abedin and Quamrul Hassan.
 St. Margaret of Cortona's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 6000 Riverdale Avenue Riverdale-on-Hudson The Bronx New York City New York.
 The Chinese Historical Society of America (simplified Chinese: 美国华人历史学会; traditional Chinese: 美國華人歷史學會; Mandarin Pinyin: Měiguó Huárén Lìshǐ Xuéhuì; Jyutping: Mei5gwok3 Waa4jan4 Lik6si2 Hok6wui6; abbreviated CHSA) is the oldest and largest archive and history center documenting the Chinese American experience in the United States. It was conceived in the fall of 1962 and incorporated on January 5 1963 and is based in San Francisco California. It was founded by Thomas W. Chinn C.H.
 Knin Fortress (Croatian: Kninska tvrđava) is a partially ruined fortress located just above Knin Croatia. It is one of the biggest and most significant defensive strongholds and a historical town in the Šibenik-Knin county in the Dalmatian hinterland. The construction of the fortress started as early as 9th century while the current state was brought up in 17th and 18th centuries.
 345 Park Avenue is a 634-foot (193 m) tall building in Manhattan New York City that occupies a full city block with the front on Park Avenue the back on Lexington Avenue between 51st and 52nd Streets.
 Wilkens-Robins Building is a historic loft building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It was built in 1871 and is a five-story six-bay brick structure with a cast iron front. It is approximately 80 feet tall 50 feet wide and 110 feet deep with a gently sloping roof.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church at the southeast corner of Buffalo and Summit in Girard Kansas United States. It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register in 2009.
 The Mermaid Inn is a Grade II* listed historical inn located on Mermaid Street in the ancient town of Rye East Sussex southeastern England. One of the best-known inns in southeast England it was established in the 12th century and has a long turbulent history. The current building dates from 1420 and has 16th-century additions in the Tudor style but cellars built in 1156 survive.
 Ebernburg Castle (German: Burg Ebernburg) is a castle above the town of Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany.
 Holma is a mansion in Bohuslän Sweden. It is located in Lysekil Municipality. It is dated to around 1400.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral redirects here. For the cathedral church for the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon see Trinity Episcopal Cathedral Portland Oregon.Trinity Episcopal Cathedral in Miami Florida is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida. It is located at North Bayshore Drive and the Venetian Causeway near the Carnival Center in Miami (464 NE 16th Street 33132). On October 10 1980 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 North Point Church is an evangelical Christian Assemblies of God megachurch located in Springfield Missouri and Nixa Missouri. North Point Church currently averages approximately 4000 people in attendance between its three campuses each week. The Lead Pastor is Jeremy Johnson.
 Avianca Building is a skyscraper of 161 meters located at the intersection of 16th street and Seventh avenue next to the Santander park in Bogotá Colombia.
 The Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel Romanian Orthodox Church (Romanian: Biserica „Sf. Arhangheli Mihail şi Gavriil” Mălainiţa) is a church in Malajnica Timočka Krajina Serbia consecrated in 2004. It is the first Romanian church in eastern Serbia in 170 years during which time Romanians in Timoc had not been allowed to hear liturgy services in their native language.
 The Old Dutch Church officially known as the First Reformed Protestant Dutch Church of Kingston is located on Wall Street in Kingston New York United States. Formally organized in 1659 it is one of the oldest continuously existing congregations in the country. Its current building the fifth is an 1852 structure by Minard Lafever that was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2008 the only one in the city.
 Summit Lake Park is a park located along Mount Evans Scenic Byway about 38 miles (100 km) west of Denver Colorado. The park is 160 acres (0.65 km²) in size and contains alpine tundra. Land to the east of the lake is in a state of permafrost which helps to prevent drainage of the area. During the summer the park is filled with wildflowers some of which have not been found anywhere else outside of the Arctic Circle. The park is named after Summit Lake the headwaters of Bear Creek.
 Park Hyatt Hyderabad is a luxury hotel located in the Banjara Hills neighbourhood of Hyderabad India that opened on 29 April 2012.Built on an area of 32256 square metres (347200 sq ft) the Hotel is the first urban Park Hyatt in India and 29th hotel in the Park Hyatt portfolio.
 Howard House in Palestine Texas was built in 1848. It was listed on the NRHP in 1993.
 Our Lady of the Assumption is a Roman Catholic church in Fairfield Connecticut part of the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Hubbard-French District is a historic district at 324 and 342 Sudbury Road in Concord Massachusetts.The district was founded in 1787 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Young Israel of Flatbush is a historic synagogue at 1012 Avenue I in Midwood Brooklyn New York New York. It was built between 1925 and 1929 and is a three story Moorish-inspired style building faced in polychromatic patterned brick. It features horseshoe arches minarets and polychromatic tiles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The George Taft House is an historic house at 153 Richardson Street in Uxbridge Massachusetts. The two story timber frame house was built c. 1810 probably for a member of the locally prominent Taft family. It is a well-preserved example of Federal style architecture expressed mainly in its door surround which includes pilasters and a broken pedimented gable above a half-round transom window.
 The College Point Little League Building (also called Firemen's Hall) is a historic meeting hall located in the College Point section of the New York City borough of Queens. It was built in 1906-1907 and is a two story rectangular brick building with a hipped roof in the Queen Anne style. A small rear addition was built about 1936. It was built for the Exempt Firemen's Benevolent Association of College Point.
 The Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew also commonly known as St. Andrew's Cathedral is a cathedral of the Episcopal Church in the United States located in the State of Hawaii. Originally the seat of the Anglican Church of Hawaii it is now the home of the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Hawaii.
 Saint Brother Albert Chmielowski Polish Mission (Polish: Polska Misja Katolicka Św. Brata Alberta Chmielowskiego w San Jose) is the parish church of a Polish mission located in San Jose California.Upon the creation of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose in California and its split from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Francisco the Polish community of the area which was served by St. Wojciech Polish Mission in San Francisco found itself in need of a new home.
 The Dixie Walesbilt Hotel (also known as the Grand Hotel or Walesbilt) is a historic hotel in Lake Wales Florida United States located at 5 Park Avenue West and/or 115 North 1st Street. The Walesbilt Hotel was renamed the Hotel Grand by the New York owner Victor Khubani during the 1980s. The structure was built in 1926 after a stock-sale campaign in the local business community. It opened on January 14th 1927 two years before Edward Bok's famous Bok Tower was completed nearby.
 The Carpenters Building (also known as United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners-Local 132) is an historic office building located at 1010 10th Street (also known as 1001 K Street N.W.) Northwest Washington D.C. in the Mount Vernon Square neighborhood.
 National Jewish Health (previously National Jewish Medical and Research Center) is a research institute located in Denver Colorado specializing in respiratory immune and allergic research and treatment. It was founded in 1899 to treat tuberculosis and is today considered one of the world's best medical research and treatment centers.
 88 Kearny Street is a class-A office high-rise on Kearny Street at the southeast intersection with Post Street in the Financial District of San Francisco California. The 309 ft (94 m) 22-story tower was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill and completed in 1986.
 Church of the Holy Innocents was an Episcopalian church at Willow Avenue and 6th Street in Hoboken Hudson County New Jersey United States. The congregation was founded in 1872. It was built 1871-1872 to the designs of Edward Tuckerman Potter and Henry Vaughan. The choir was added in 1913 the baptistery in 1932. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It is no longer in use as a church but the building remains.
 The Pazardzhik History Museum (Bulgarian: Регионален исторически музей - Пазарджик) is a history museum in Pazardzhik Bulgaria. It is located at 15 Konstantin Velichkov Square.
 St. Anne's Episcopal Church De Pere Wisconsin United States is a parish congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. With an Episcopal Presence in De Pere since 1849 St. Anne's was formed in 1935 became an organized mission in 1936 and achieved parish status in 1961.
 The London Transport Museum or LT Museum based in Covent Garden London seeks to conserve and explain the transport heritage of Britain's capital city. The majority of the museum's exhibits originated in the collection of London Transport but since the creation of Transport for London (TfL) in 2000 the remit of the museum has expanded to cover all aspects of transportation in the city.The museum operates from two sites within London.
 The Miles Pratt House is a historic house at 106 Mt. Auburn Street in Watertown Massachusetts. The 2 1⁄2 story wood frame house was built sometime between 1860 and 1874 and is Watertown's finest surviving Italianate residence. It has wide eaves with paired brackets and a front entry hood with arched pendants reminiscent of an Italian palazzo.
 Sekiyado Castle (関宿城 Sekiyado-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Noda northwestern Chiba Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Sekiyado Castle was home to the Kuse clan daimyō of Sekiyado Domain.
 Tremont Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at The Bronx New York New York. The church was built in two phases between 1904 and 1912. It is a one story building above a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It is 50 feet tall with a 75 foot tall offset corner tower.
 The South Dakota State Penitentiary is a state prison located in South Dakota's largest city Sioux Falls and holds the state's most deadly and dangerous criminals as well as sex offenders. It was built in 1881. The building's industry shop makes several things for the state including woodwork and license plates. The State Penitentiary also houses South Dakota's death row and the state's only execution chamber.
 The Holland House located on North Main Street in Buffalo Wyoming is a historic residence built in 1883. The home was one of the first brick homes built in Buffalo and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital (commonly referred to as the RD&E) is a medium-sized teaching hospital situated in Exeter Devon England.
 Regester Log House is a historic building in Fredericktown Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic residential landmark/farmstead by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Hubbell Warehouse is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Shore Club is located in Hubbards Nova Scotia and was opened in 1946. Now in the third generation of owners Shore Club is the home of the Original Nova Scotian Lobster Supper and is also the Last of the Great Dance Halls built after the second world war.
 The Alpena County Courthouse Alpena County's first courthouse was destroyed by a fire on December 12 1870. Its replacement met a similar fate on December 22 1932. The current courthouse built in 1934 is an historic Art deco courthouse building located at 720 Chisholm Avenue in Alpena Michigan. It was designed by architect William H. Kuni of Detroit and built by the Henry C. Webber Construction Co. of poured Portland cement made from locally quarried limestone.
 The Southwestern Bell Building is a 28-story 121.0 m (397.0 ft) skyscraper constructed to be the headquarters of Southwestern Bell Telephone in downtown St. Louis Missouri. At the time of its construction it was Missouri's tallest building.The building which was one of the first in St. Louis to use setbacks has 17 individual roofs.Its architect was Mauran Russell & Crowell who also designed the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis and the Railway Exchange Building (St. Louis). I.R.
 St. Joseph's Catholic Church Complex is located in Waukesha Wisconsin. It was built in 1878 and is also used as a church-related residence. On October 28 1983 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architectural and religious significance.
 North Ferriby Priory was a priory in the East Riding of Yorkshire England.
 Wilpen Hall is an estate in Sewickley Heights Pennsylvania located at 889–895 Blackburn Road and 201 Scaife Road. It was added to the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2001 and the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 2011.The estate was built from 1897 to 1900 for Mr. and Mrs. William Penn Snyder as a summer home; Wilpen is a contraction of the name William Penn.
 The Methuen Water Works is a historic water works building on Cross Street in Methuen Massachusetts. The town established a water board in 1893 which managed the construction of a reservoir on Foster's Hill and the construction of this building a single story brick and stone Romanesque Revival structure designed by Boston architect E. F. Boyden.
 McPike Mansion or Mount Lookout is a mansion in Alton which is part of the Metro-East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Illinois. Built in 1869 by Henry Guest McPike (1825–1910) it is situated on Alby Street on a site of 15 acres (61000 m2) one of the highest points in Alton which was called Mount Lookout. The structure appeared in the series Scariest Places on Earth. It was also featured on Season 1 Episode 7 of Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files.
 Mount Sinai Hospital founded in 1852 is one of the oldest and largest teaching hospitals in the United States. In 2011–2012 Mount Sinai Hospital was ranked as one of America's best hospitals by U.S.
 Covenanter's Church is a New England meeting house style structure located in Grand Pré Nova Scotia and is the oldest extant Presbyterian Church in Canada. The meeting house was constructed between 1804 and 1811 with the tower belfry and steeple being added in 1818.The meeting house was preceded by a small log church which was demolished in 1795 in anticipation of a larger construction. Under the leadership of Rev.
 Rose Cliff also known as Rose Cliff Fruit Farm is a historic home located at Waynesboro Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a two-story three-bay Greek Revival style brick Shenandoah Valley farmhouse. It has a central passage/double-pile plan under a hipped roof. It was once the center of a thriving apple operation that lasted from the late-19th century until 1930.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Evermay also known as the Samuel Davidson House is an historic house located at 1623 28th Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 The Jonathan Brooks House is a historic house at 2 Woburn Street in Medford Massachusetts. The house is estimated to have been built in the 1780s (the property is only described as including a house in 1791) although it may incorporate elements of an older structure. Jonathan Brooks its owner in 1791 was a tanner and a member of the locally prominent Brooks family which owned much of West Medford at the time.
 Lexington was an 18th-century plantation on Mason's Neck in Fairfax County Virginia United States. The estate belonged to several generations of the Mason family.Lexington was originally part of the Gunston Hall plantation land tract. It was given to George Mason's eldest son George Mason V in 1774. In 1775 George Mason V named his plantation to commemorate the Battle of Lexington in Massachusetts.
 Drovers Inn and Round Family Residence consists of an historic home and an historic inn located at Vestal in Broome County New York. The Drovers Inn was built about 1844 and the Rounds Family Residence was built 1895-1912. The inn is a 2 1⁄2-story wood-frame Greek Revival structure with an overlay of elaborate Victorian-era decoration added about 1880.
 The Elizabeth Bishop House also known as the Bulmer House is an historic single-family house that today is used as an artists' retreat in Great Village Nova Scotia. The house is associated with Pulitzer Prize winning author Elizabeth Bishop who in her youth lived in the house each summer with her maternal grandparents William Brown Bulmer and Elizabeth (Hutchinson) Bulmer.
 Island House was a locally listed building in Birmingham's Eastside area.Built in 1912 by the architect G. E. Pepper Island House vaguely resembled[citation needed] the Flatiron Building in New York City.
 Amaravati is a Theravada Buddhist monastery at the eastern end of the Chiltern Hills in south east England. Established in 1984 by Ajahn Sumedho as an extension of Chithurst Buddhist Monastery the monastery has its roots in the Thai forest tradition and takes inspiration from the teachings of the community's founder the late Ajahn Chah.
 Reservoir Avenue Sewage Pumping Station is an historic site at Reservoir and Pontiac Avenues in Providence Rhode Island.The site was built in 1931 in a Colonial Revival style by the office of city engineer in Providence and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Wesley Temple AME Church is a historic church at 104 N. Prospect Street in Akron Ohio.It was built in 1928 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 One New Change is a major office and retail development in London United Kingdom. It comprises 560000 square feet (52000 m2) of floor space including 220000 square feet (20000 m2) of retail space and 330000 square feet (31000 m2) of office space and is the only large shopping centre in the City of London the historic nucleus and modern financial centre of London.
 The Carlton-Frie-Tucker House is a historic First Period house at 140 Mill Road in North Andover Massachusetts. It is a rare example of a period building that was moved and added onto another which had been damaged by fire. The oldest portion of the house its east side and center chimney were probably built c. 1709 by Ebenezer Frie.
 Glide Memorial Church is a church in San Francisco California affiliated with the United Methodist Church which opened in 1930. Although conservative until the 1960s since then it has served as a counter-culture rallying point and has been one of the most prominently liberal churches in the United States. Glide is also famous for its Gospel Choir and numerous social service programs.
 The Indosiar Television Tower is a 395 m (1296 ft) guyed mast used for FM- and TV-broadcasting in West Jakarta Indonesia completed in 2006. It is currently the tallest structure in Indonesia. It consists of a 375 metre tall lattice structure with a side length of 6.3 m (20.7 ft) which carries on its top a 20 m (65.6 ft) high TV-broadcasting antenna.
 The Priory Church of St. Anthony Lenton is a parish church in the Church of England in Lenton Nottingham.
 Hald Manor (Danish: Hald Hovedgård) is located 7 km south-west of Viborg Denmark. Now owned by the Danish state it is used as a venue for meetings and conferences.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 312 3rd Street in Elyria Ohio.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Mathias Sharp House is a historic residence in the city of Rockport in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Indiana. Built in the third quarter of the nineteenth century it was the center of a prominent murder trial not long after its construction and it has been designated a historic site.
 The Words & Pictures Museum of Fine Sequential Art was an art museum in Northampton Massachusetts devoted to exhibitions of narrative art cartoons comic books and graphic novels.
 The Navarre-Anderson Trading Post is a former trading post complex located at 3775 North Custer Road in Frenchtown Charter Township along the River Raisin in Monroe County Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan Historic Site on June 16 1972 and also listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 31 1972.The main building on the complex dates back to 1789 making it the oldest surviving wooden residential building in the state.
 The Superb was used as U.S. President Warren G. Harding's personal Pullman railroad car in a cross-country tour in 1923. After Harding's death the car returned his body from San Francisco to Washington D.C.. Built in 1911 it is the second oldest steel private car in existence. It had previously been used by Woodrow Wilson. In 1926 it was temporarily renamed Pope Pius XI for the Cardinal's Train from New York to Chicago.
 Mubarak Mosque is located in the city of Saint-Prix in France. The Mosque is noted as being the first mosque in France of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
 Wonderland Village is an outdoor shopping center in Livonia Michigan United States a suburb of Detroit. The center is located at the southwest corner of Middlebelt Road and Plymouth Road approximately one mile south of I-96. Walmart and Target are the complex's anchor stores. The complex was formerly the site of a shopping mall called Wonderland Center and later Wonderland Mall which operated from 1959 until 2004.
 People's Free Library of South Carolina is a historic library building located at Lowrys Chester County South Carolina. It was built in 1903-1904 and is a small one-story building with a single room. The building is rectangular with a gable roof weatherboard siding and stone foundation piers. A wooden porch spans the façade and the right side. The building was restored in 1976.
 Khan As'ad Pasha (Arabic: خان أسعد باشا‎) is the largest khan in the Old City of Damascus covering an area of 2500 square metres (27000 sq ft). Situated along Al-Buzuriyah Souq it was built and named after As'ad Pasha al-Azm the governor of Damascus in 1751-52. Khan As'ad Pasha has been described as one of the finest khans of Damascus and the most ambitious work of architecture in the city.
 The Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a museum of fine arts located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Tenerife Canary Islands Spain). Its headquarters are located in the rear of the Church of St. Francis of Assisi. The museum dates back to 1840 when the city agreed to make some boxes to preserve flags from the Battle of Cape St Vincent (1797) against Admiral Horatio Nelson.
 The Purchase-Ferre House is a historic colonial house at 1289 Main Street in Agawam Massachusetts.The Georgian style house was built in 1764 and remained in the same family until 1940. It underwent relatively little alteration during that period and is one of Agawam's oldest houses. It was reportedly used at one time to manufacture boxes for the Springfield Armory. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Church of Our Lady and St Peter is a Roman Catholic church in Leatherhead Surrey. It was founded as a local chapel during the First World War and later became a Parish church. It is situated between Copthorne Road and Garlands Road on the junction with St John's Avenue in Leatherhead. It is the only Catholic church in Leatherhead and is served by the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton.
 Rectory and Church of the Immaculate Conception is a historic church on North Street in Norfolk Connecticut.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Horton Grand Hotel is a restoration of two historic hotels the Grand Horton and the Brooklyn Kahle Saddlery in downtown San Diego California. The Horton-Grand was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Parke Lane Road–Thorofare Canal Bridge is a bridge located on Parke Lane Road over the Thorofare Canal in Grosse Ile Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Engineering Societies' Building and Engineers' Club is located in New York New York. The building was built in 1907 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 2007.
 The United States Penitentiary Terre Haute (USP Terre Haute) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Terre Haute Indiana. It is part of the Terre Haute Federal Correctional Complex (FCC Terre Haute) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.
 Gesu Church is a Jesuit parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee located in Milwaukee Wisconsin. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was designated a Milwaukee Landmark in 1975.Although the church is not affiliated with Marquette University through a 1991 partnership it ministers to the downtown campus of Marquette and surrounding neighborhood.
 Dunstaffnage Castle is a partially ruined castle in Argyll and Bute western Scotland. It lies 3 miles (4.8 km) N.N.E. of Oban situated on a platform of conglomerate rock on a promontory at the south-west of the entrance to Loch Etive and is surrounded on three sides by the sea.The castle dates back to the 13th century making it one of Scotland's oldest stone castles in a local group which includes Castle Sween and Castle Tioram.
 The Castle of Siba (Persian: قلعه سیبه ‎) Siba castle is one of the most remarkable examples of fortified structures surrounded by trench in Kukherd District Hormozgan Province in south Iran.
 The Harding Tomb also known as the Harding Memorial is the burial location of the 29th President of the United States Warren G. Harding and First Lady Florence Kling Harding. It is located in Marion Ohio at the southeast corner of Vernon Heights Boulevard and Delaware Avenue. Begun in 1926 and finished in the early winter of 1927 the structure is built of white marble.
 Buttermilk Flat Schoolhouse No. 22 is a historic one-room school building located at Orleans in Jefferson County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story rectangular (20 feet by 30 feet) clapboard-sided frame structure built about 1850. It was last used as a school in 1932.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Radstock museum in Radstock Somerset England has a range of exhibits which offer an insight into North Somerset life since the nineteenth century.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic church on E. Main Street in Battleboro North Carolina.It was built in 1896 and added to the National Register in 1971.
 The Edmund Atkinson School is a school building located at 4900 East Hildale Street in Detroit Michigan. It is currently operating as Legacy Charter Academy. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 US Post Office-Freeport is a historic post office building located at Freeport in the town of Hempstead Nassau County New York United States. It was built in 1932 and designed by consulting architects Tachau and Vought for the Office of the Supervising Architect. It is a two story symmetrically massed brick building trimmed in limestone in the Colonial Revival style. It features a three bay wide entrance pavilion with a gable roof.
 Bayzid I Mosque (Turkish; Yıldırım Camii or Yıldırım Bayezid Camii) is a historic mosque in Bursa Turkey that is part of the large complex (külliye) built by the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid I (Yıldırım Bayezid - Bayezid the Thunderbolt) between 1391-1395. It is situated in Bursa metropolitan district of Yıldırım also named after the same sultan. It went under extensive renovation following the 1855 Bursa earthquake.
 Old Barn is a historic barn off of Blue Hill River Road in Canton Massachusetts.It was built in 1690 and is the oldest building on Brookwood Farm. It is currently undergoing a major restoration undertaken by the North Bennet Street School. They have removed the oldest 20-by-20-foot (6.1 m × 6.1 m) section for major work to repair rot and insect damage. It is expected to be returned to the site in 2010 or 2011.
 House at 83 Penniman Place is a historic house at 83 Penniman Place in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Thomas McDowell House is located on Lake Road in the Little Britain section of the Town of New Windsor in Orange County New York USA. It was built c. 1770 by McDowell an early settler of the area and was later rented out by his descendants to prominent local weaver James Alexander.
 The Ottendorfer Public Library and Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital are two adjoining historic buildings located at 135 and 137 2nd Avenue in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The buildings were built in 1883-84 and were designed as a pair by German-born architect William Schickel.
 Rullingen Castle (German: Kasteel van Rullingen) is a castle in Kuttekoven in the municipality of Borgloon province of Limburg Belgium. Its situation in the valley of the Herk is very scenic.The first recorded lord of Rullingen was Eggebert van Ruelingen a vassal of Arnold II Count of Loon (d 1138 or -39). The medieval castle was reconstructed probably in the 1630s as a typical moated castle of the Meuse valley although the moat has been filled up in more recent times.
 The Armenian Heritage Park is a memorial park dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on Parcel 13 of the Rose Kennedy Greenway between Faneuil Hall and Christopher Columbus Park in Boston Massachusetts.The memorial includes a sculpture surrounded by a reflecting pool. The sculpture has 24-26 different configurations which symbolize the dispersion and coming together of immigrants from different shores.
 The Akron Civic Theatre was built in 1929 and has been a significant part of Akron's history ever since. It is only one of five remaining atmospheric theaters in the county and is an excellent example of the great movie palaces of the 1920s. The Akron Civic Theatre is the last remaining theater of 11 opened by Marcus Loew founder of the Loew's theater chain. The Civic is located on South Main Street in Akron Ohio and seats approximately 4000 people.
 The Museum Catharijneconvent is a national museum of religious art in Utrecht. It is located in the former Catharijneconvent having been sited there since 1979. Its collections include those of the museum of religious art of the Catholic Archbishopric of Utrecht located in the convent until 1979. In 2006 the Convent closed for restoration. It is part of the Utrecht Museum Night.
 Moro Plantation House is located near Waterproof Louisiana. It was built in 1839 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 5 1982.
 William A. Witbeck House is a historic home located at Stuyvesant in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1812 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay wood-frame dwelling in a transitional Dutch / Federal style. It is topped by a gable roof with seam metal roofing and the exterior is sheathed in clapboards.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 City Hall is a historic city hall at 93 Washington Street in Salem Massachusetts and located in the Downtown Salem District.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1838 and architect Richard Bond (1797-1861). Salem City Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The House at 193 Vernon Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a late Federal-style house built. c. 1840. The 2.5 story wood frame house is a rare local example of a three-wide four-deep construction. It has a main entrance on the front facade that has sidelights and a pedimented entablature that were probably added later and also has a side entrance with a Federal-style transom and sidelights.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Abraham and Maria LeFevre House is a historic home located at Gardiner in Ulster County New York. It is a long rectangular one and one half story stone dwelling capped by a steep gable roof. It was built in three stages between 1742 and 1798.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Temple Emanuel is a Reform synagogue located at 12166 Conway Road near the corner of New Ballas Road in Creve Coeur Missouri. Organized in 1956 it is affiliated with the Union for Reform Judaism (UAHC). It has a membership of 300 families.The Temple is notable not only for its size but for its unique modern architecture.
 The Arkansas Union at the University of Arkansas is a student union central building on the University's campus in Fayetteville Arkansas.
 Fontainebleau Las Vegas is a US$2.9 billion 3889-room 68-story unfinished hotel/condo-hotel/casino development near the north end of the Las Vegas Strip on the 24.5-acre (9.9 ha) site previously occupied by the El Rancho and Algiers hotels in Paradise Nevada. It was intended to be a sister property to the well-known 1950s-era Fontainebleau Miami Beach.
 The Cathedral Church of Our Lady of Good Aid popularly known as Motherwell Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Motherwell North Lanarkshire Scotland. It is the seat of the Bishop of Motherwell and mother church of the Diocese of Motherwell.
 The Asa Ellis House is an historic house on 158 Auburn Street Cambridge Massachusetts USA.The house was built in 1805 in the workers cottage plan and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as a rare Federal style house built during Cambridgeport's early 19th century real estate boom. The two story wood frame house has simple Federal styling and a shallow pitch hip roof.
 The National Science Centre established in 1992 is a science museum in Delhi India. It is part of the National Council of Science Museums (NCSM) an autonomous body under India's Ministry of Culture. It stands close to Gate no 1 of Pragati Maidan overlooking the Purana Qila.
 Clatford Priory was a priory in Wiltshire England.
 Venezuelan Air Force's Museo Aeronáutico de Maracay (Aeronautics Museum of Maracay) is a historical aviation museum of military and civic aeronautic technology inaugurated on 10 December 1963 and located at the installations of the former Aeropuerto Nacional Florencio Gómez (the first airport in Maracay) adjacent to the Venezuelan Air Force officer graduation school and the Cradle of Venezuelan Military Aviation in the City of Maracay Estado Aragua Venezuela.The museum is the only one of its kind in Venezuela and the largest collector and restorator of aircraft engines weapons documents photographs maps paintings memorabilia and other items of historical value. 
 Blue Cliff Monastery is a 80-acre (0.32 km2) Buddhist monastery located in Pine Bush New York. It was founded in May 2007 by monastic and lay practitioners from Plum Village in France.The monastery is under the direction of Thich Nhat Hanh's Order of Interbeing in the Vietnamese Zen tradition.
 Townsend House also known as Lundale Farm is a historic home located near Pughtown in South Coventry Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in three phases. The oldest section dates to 1796 with additions made in the early 19th century and in 1950. The main house was built in the first two phases and is a 2 1/2-story five bay random fieldstone structure coated in stucco. It has a gable roof and a brick chimney at the west gable end.
 The Odd Fellows Temple in Lexington Kentucky also known as Skullers Jewelry Inc. was built in Second Empire and Italianate style in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Casino Lisboa (Chinese: 葡京娛樂場) is one of the most famous hotel casinos in Macau China. The casino is owned by the Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau (STDM) a Stanley Ho company. This three-storey complex was built in late 1960s.[citation needed].The original casino and the 12-storey round hotel tower were built in 1970 by Stanley Ho Teddy Yip Yip Hon and Henry Fok. A 270-room extension was added in 1991 for a total of 927 rooms.
 Belmont Mansion also known as Acklen Hall and originally known as Belle Monte Belle Mont or Belmont is a historic mansion located in Nashville Tennessee on the campus of Belmont University that today functions as a museum.
 The Church of St Editha is an Anglican parish church and Grade I listed building in Tamworth Staffordshire England.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral is an historic church building in Little Rock Arkansas United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Arkansas and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The District - Dasmariñas also known as District Mall Salawag is a mall owned by Ayala Land located at the boundary of the cities of Bacoor (Brgy. Molino IV) and Dasmariñas. This is the second District mall in the province of Cavite along with the another District in Brgy. Anabu Imus. This is also the second Ayala Mall in Cavite. The Ayala owned subdivision Avida - Sta. Catalina and Avida Settings are also located here.
 The Darby Meeting or Darby Friends Meeting House is located in Darby Pennsylvania. The first recorded minutes of the meeting are dated July 2 1684 not long after William Penn landed in nearby Chester to establish the colony of Pennsylvania. The first Friends meeting house in Darby was a log cabin built in 1687. The third and present building was built in 1805. It was used during the Revolutionary War by Continental soldiers. During the War of 1812 it was used by the U. S.
 The Prime-Octagon House built in 1859 is a historic octagonal house located at 41 Prime Avenue in Huntington Suffolk County New York. The house is next door to the 1855-built Prime House and across the street from the Heckscher Museum of Art.On September 26 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Randolph Field Historic District is a historic district located within Randolph Air Force Base near San Antonio Texas USA. The 405-acre (1.64 km2) site includes 350 contributing buildings sites and structures and 47 non-contributing ones; in the Mission Revival Spanish Colonial Revival and Streamline Moderne styles.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001.Base Administration Building a contributing structure is itself listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. Giles' Church is a church in North Oxford England. It is at the northern end of the wide thoroughfare of St Giles' at the point where meets Woodstock Road and Banbury Road. It stands between where Little Clarendon Street joins Woodstock Road and Keble Road joins Banbury Road.The church was built in the 12th and 13th centuries.Oxford's main War Memorial adjoins the southern end of St. Giles' churchyard.
 Garret J. Durie House is located in Haworth Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1811 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 The Edwin C. Denby High School is a public secondary education facility located at 12800 Kelly Road in northeastern Detroit Michigan. Denby High opened in 1930 and the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 One Madison is a luxury residential condominium tower located on 23rd Street between Broadway and Park Avenue South at the foot of Madison Avenue across from Madison Square Park in the Flatiron District of Manhattan New York City. The building's main lobby and address will be at 23 East 22nd Street when construction of the lobby building is complete.
 The Madison-Lenox Hotel was a hotel complex located at 200-246 Madison Street in Detroit Michigan.
 Isow's was a Kosher restaurant based at 8–10 Brewer Street Soho London W1 England.Owned by Norman Isow the restaurant was a popular venue for the entertainment industry. In 1969 Isow married actress Sheree Winton. Regular celebrity patrons would have their names embossed in gold on the back of red chairs.
 Jefferson Elementary School is a historic school building located at Pottstown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It is a large two-story U-shaped brick building in the Classical Revival style. The original section was built in 1923. The building was expanded in 1938-1939 and 1957. It was decommissioned as a school in 1980.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Basilica of Saint Francis (Italian: Basilica San Francesco) is a historic church in the city of Bologna in northern Italy. Founded in the 13th century it has been the property of the Conventual Franciscan friars since then. The church has been raised to the rank of a basilica by the Holy See.
 The Ware Paper Mill is a historic mill building at 2276 Washington Street in Newton Massachusetts. Built in 1790 it is a remnant of the first paper mill to be built on the banks of the Charles River. The 1-1/2 story stone building was built by John Ware a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and was in use for paper production until 1938.
 The Tianning Temple (simplified Chinese: 北京天宁寺; traditional Chinese: 北京天寧寺; pinyin: Běijing Tiānníng Sì) is located in the Guang'anmen district of Beijing China. The temple contains the 12th-century Pagoda of Tianning Temple. The pagoda is a Liao Dynasty pagoda built from around 1100 to 1119 or 1120 CE shortly before the Liao Dynasty was conquered by Song and Jin.
 St Ellyw's Church Llanelieu is a redundant church in the village of Llanelieu Powys Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. It is sited at the edge of the Black Mountains within the Brecon Beacons National Park.
 50 South Sixth is a 404-ft (123 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis. It was completed in 2001 and has 30 floors. It is the 18th-tallest building in the city. A skyway connects this building to the 15 Building Renaissance Square City Center and Gaviidae Common. The Minnesota Law Center once occupied this site. The 689482-square-foot (64055.0 m2) Class A office tower is managed by Hines.
 Twaddell's Mill and House also known as Great Bend of the Brandywine and Big Bend is a historic home and mill complex located at Chadds Ford Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. The property includes the main house the foundation and part of the walls of a sawmill root cellar ice house and spring house. Also on the property is a tenant house dated to the mid-18th century. The main house is a 2 1/2 to 3 1/2-story bank house built of stone.
 Fremont Meeting House (also known as Poplin Meeting House) is a historic meeting house at 464 Main Street in Fremont New Hampshire.It was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Patterson Covered Bridge No. 112 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Orange Township in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is a 81.66-foot-long (24.89 m) Burr Truss arch bridge with a tarred metal roof constructed in 1875. It crosses the Green Creek. It is one of 28 historic covered bridges in Columbia and Montour Counties.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 601 Church Street in Sweetwater Tennessee affiliated with Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). The congregation was formed in 1860. The church building was completed in 1887. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Spurwink Congregational Church is a historic church on Spurwink Avenue in Cape Elizabeth Maine.It was built in 1802 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 The Lofts of Merchants Row formerly the Frank & Seder Department Store Building is a 41 m (135 ft) 6-storey high-rise completed in 1891 on Woodward Avenue in downtown Detroit Michigan. The building was the tallest in the state when built and later joined with the larger addition directly to the south in 1921. The upper part of the facade is cast iron reputedly the last such facade in Detroit.
 Chester Friary of the Sack was a friary in Cheshire England.
 Grato Passage is an 8-storey mixed use building located at 37 Kostava street in Vera district of Tbilisi Georgia. The building includes office and retail space in its 8450 square metres of floor areas as well as a parking for 100 cars. Construction was completed in 2010.Developed by Benett and Benett Capital Ltd. And designed by architectural firm AG & Partners the building facade consists of the white travertine stone and light textured burgundy bricks.
 The Capitol Lofts is a building located at 711 Main Street in downtown Houston Texas. Constructed in 1908 the building was originally used for office space and was converted to residential lofts in the 1990s. The building was the tallest building in Houston and Texas until being surpassed by the Praetorian Building in Dallas Texas as the tallest building in Texas in 1909. It remained the tallest in Houston until 1915 when surpassed by the Texas Company Annex.Designed by architect Alfred C.
 Furnace Hill Brook Historic and Archeological District in a historic district in Cranston Rhode Island.The furnace hill site features archaeological remains dating from the early 19th century. Greek Revival architecture is prevalent in the area. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 6 1980.
 The Royal Women's Hospital located in the Melbourne suburb of Parkville was Australia's first specialist women's hospital. It offers a full range of services in maternity gynaecology neonatal care women's cancers and women's health. It also offers complementary services such as social work physiotherapy dietetics and pastoral care. Specialist clinics in endometriosis chronic pelvic pain menopause symptoms after cancer infertility are also available.
 CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center (Children of Auschwitz Nazi Deadly Lab Experiments Survivors) is a museum in Terre Haute Indiana which educates the public about the Holocaust. The museum was founded by Holocaust survivor Eva Mozes Kor who with her twin sister Miriam was subjected to human experimentation under Dr. Josef Mengele at Auschwitz.
 Banfill Tavern also known as the Locke House is a building in Fridley Minnesota United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ceres School is a historic school building located at Ceres in Allegany County New York. It was built in 1893 and is a one-story frame structure. It is a surviving example of a late 19th-century schoolhouse which served students from both Pennsylvania and New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The United States Penitentiary Atwater (USP Atwater) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in California. The institution also includes a minimum-security satellite camp. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.USP Atwater is located on land formerly part of Castle Air Force Base. It is near the city of Atwater in Merced County California 130 miles from San Francisco.
 The Knights of Pythias Building and Theatre also known as K. of P. Building is a building in Greensburg Indiana that was built in 1899. It includes Early Commercial architecture and Italianate architecture elements. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Blake Museum is in Bridgwater Somerset and since April 2009 has been run by Bridgwater Town Council with help from The Friends of Blake Museum.The museum was founded in 1926 by Bridgwater Borough Council and its collecting area covered from East and West Huntspill in the North to Thurloxton in the South and from Ashcott and Burrowbridge in the East to beyond Nether Stowey in the West.
 First Baptist Church (Main Street Baptist Church) is a historic church at 126 N. Main Street in Kernersville North Carolina.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Onderstepoort Veterinary Academic Hospital (OVAH) was established by the University of Pretoria and provides clinical veterinary services with full student participation. It is situated at the University of Pretoria Faculty of Veterinary Science at the Onderstepoort campus.
 The Wright Morris Boyhood House is a vernacular style house built in 1893 in Central City Nebraska. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the boyhood home of author-photographer Wright Morris.
 Marriott’s Grand Chateau a Marriott Vacation Club resort is located just off the Las Vegas Strip and sits between the Planet Hollywood and MGM Grand hotels. Marriott’s Grand Chateau consists of four 38-story towers consisting of 256 one-bedroom 511 two-bedroom and 128 three-bedroom villas totaling 895 two- and three-bedroom villas. It is currently tied as the 35th tallest building in Las Vegas with Panorama Towers.
 Church of the Holy Trinity is a historic church building at South and Monroe Streets in Vicksburg Mississippi.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Grand Hôtel du Louvre was a luxury hotel in the Place du Palais-Royal in Paris France near to the Louvre that operated between 1855 and 1887.It had many innovative features including many bathrooms and two steam-powered elevators. The hotel was progressively converted into retail space becoming a large department store. A successor Hôtel du Louvre was established on the other side of the Place du Palais Royal. It continues to operate today.
 The George Herbert Jones Laboratory at 5747 S. Ellis Avenue Chicago Illinois is a facility building of the University of Chicago. Room 405 of the building was named a National Historic Landmark in May 1967.The Jones Laboratory was built in 1928-1929 as facility and instructional space for the university's staff of research chemists and graduate students in chemistry. As part of the U.S.
 The Manila Metropolitan Cathedral-Basilica informally known as the Manila Cathedral is a Roman Catholic basilica located in Manila Philippines dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary as Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception the Principal Patroness of the Philippines.
 The Confederate Monument in Perryville is a historic monument located by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site in the vicinity of Perryville Kentucky in Boyle County Kentucky USA. It was built in 1902 forty years after the Battle of Perryville the bloodiest battle in Kentucky history on October 8 1862. In total 532 Confederates died at the battle but it is unknown how many of this number are buried here.
 Our Lady of Annunciation Parish Church: Shrine of the Incarnation is a parish church located at St. Dominic III Subdivision Mindanao Avenue Barangay Tandang Sora Quezon City 1116 Philippines. It is part of the Roman Catholic Church under the Pope.The parish was founded in 1992 by Jaime Cardinal Sin who also installed Jaime M. Zurbano Jr. as the first parish priest. The name Our Lady of the Annunciation was suggested by Msgr.
 Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital (LHCH) is a major specialist cardiothoracic hospital and NHS foundation trust located in the suburb of Broadgreen; in the city of Liverpool England. The hospital shares its site and buildings with the adjacent Broadgreen Hospital and is sometimes referred to informally as Broadgreen due to its location.
 Ozark Medieval Fortress is a project designed to construct an accurate replica of a 13th-century French castle in Lead Hill Arkansas. Construction is carried out on the site by only using materials and techniques appropriate to the 13th century.
 The Rumbach Street synagogue (Hungarian: Rumbach utcai zsinagóga) is located in Belváros the inner city of the historical old town of Pest in the eastern section of Budapest.The synagogue in Rumbach Street was built in 1872 to the design of the Viennese architect Otto Wagner.
 The Malek vineyard is a historical house in Isfahan Iran. The house has been taken as tax from the people in the era of Nader Shah and was for a long time a part of assets of a rich man in the city. During the reign of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar it was confiscated by the king. The Naser al-Din Shah's successors declared it as a public asset and a part of national treasury. Parts of the vineyard and its building has been destroyed during the expansion and development of the city.
 Hampden Congregational Church is a historic church on Main Road in Hampden Maine.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Baker Farm is a historic home and farm located at Keedysville Washington County Maryland United States. The house is a two-story four-bay limestone structure with a two-story four-bay limestone addition. It was constructed during the 1780s. It has operated as a farm since the 18th century.The Baker Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Harvey House also known as the Dimmick-Harvey House is a historic home located at Radford Virginia. It was built in 1891-1892 and is a large 2 1/2-story Queen Anne frame dwelling. It's rectangular plan features bays an oriel window and gabled dormers on a hipped roof. It also has a deep verandah with sinuous curves and shingled surfaces. Also on the property are a contributing early barn/workshop and a garage.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Home Economics Building on the campus of Vanderbilt University is an historic structure in Nashville Tennessee.
 Thomas Koon House is a historic home in Cumberland Allegany County Maryland United States. It is a brick Prairie-style house of large scale built about 1912. It features arranged rectangular blocks with large expanses of window space a terra cotta tiled hip roof and a small similarly influenced detached garage. The house was designed by Lafferty and Holmboe of Baltimore for Doctor Thomas W.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church and Churchyard is a historic church at W. Church and Broad Streets in Edenton North Carolina.It was built in 1736 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Votive Church (German: Votivkirche) is a neo-Gothic church located on the Ringstraße in Vienna Austria. Following the attempted assassination of Emperor Franz Joseph in 1853 the Emperor's brother Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian inaugurated a campaign to create a church to thank God for saving the Emperor's life. Funds for construction were solicited from throughout the Empire. The church was dedicated in 1879 on the silver anniversary of Emperor Franz Joseph and his wife Empress Elisabeth.
 William Barnett House is a historic home located at Alleghany Springs Montgomery County Virginia. It is a long two-story log and frame structure consisting of a number of elements of different dates. The earliest section may date to 1813 and is the central log section with a two-story frame or log addition and adjacent room and a frame two-room section added in the mid-19th century. It has a rear wing and is topped by a standing seam metal gable roof.
 Anna Science Centre is a planetarium located in the Indian city of Tiruchirappalli.
 The Asa Waters Mansion is an historic mansion at 123 Elm Street in Millbury Massachusetts. Recently restored it is now available for weddings and private functions. Designed by architect Asher Benjamin for Asa Waters and Susan Holman Waters the mansion was built between 1826–32 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The Millbury Historical Society is headquartered there.
 The Palau Sacosta Castle (Catalan: Palau Castell de Sacosta) is situated just southeast of Girona Catalonia in the adjoining village of Palau Sacosta.
 JPMorgan Chase Tower formerly Texas Commerce Tower is a 305.41 m (1002.0 ft) 75-story skyscraper at 600 Travis Street in downtown Houston Texas. It is currently the tallest building in the city the tallest building in Texas the tallest five-sided building in the world 13th tallest building in the United States and the 79th tallest building in the world.
 The Al Rashed Mall is a shopping mall located in the west of the Khobar city center in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The mall is located on the northern side of the King Abdullah Road (former Dhahran Road) opposite where it is joined by the King Khalid Road (former King Fahd Road).
 The Cathedral of the Holy Family or Holy Family Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral parish church in Orange California United States. It is the mother church of the Diocese of Orange and is the seat of its bishop currently Kevin Vann. Holy Family Parish predates the establishment of the Diocese of Orange and has served as the diocesan cathedral since the diocese's establishment in 1976.
 Eagle Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at Upper Makefield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1800 and is a 2 1/2-story two bay stone structure with a steeply pitched gable roof. In 1854 a larger section was added. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay by three bay stone structure. It features eyebrow windows on the front and rear facades. During the 19th century the building was used as a hotel store post office and polling place.
 Strathmore Road Historic District is a historic district on Strathmore Road and Clinton Path in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Eastwood Towne Center is an open-air shopping mall and lifestyle center located in Lansing Township Michigan United States at the northwest corner of the intersection of Lake Lansing Road and U.S. 127. Its anchor stores include NCG Cinemas Dick's Sporting Goods DSW Shoe Warehouse Schuler Books & Music and Pottery Barn.
 Walton and Willett Stone Store also known as Cahill's Fish Market is a historic commercial building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It is a three and four story limestone structure with a distinctive stepped gable roof on the banks of the Oswego River. It was built in 1828 and first used as a ship chandlery. In later years it housed a newspaper office customs collector steamboat ticket and freight office and warehouse.
 Church of Our Lady of Rosary of Mangalore (Portuguese: Igreja Nossa Senhora do Rosário de Mangalore) or Rosario Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore dedicated to Our Lady of the Rosary. It was the first Roman Catholic church in the Canara region. Historically this was the only parish church in Mangalore reserved for the high-caste Mangalorean Catholics.
 Grand Hyatt Mumbai is a luxury 5 star hotel located off the Western Express Highway Santacruz (East) in Mumbai India. Designed by Chicago's Lohan Associates. It is built on 10 acres of land. Grand Hyatt Mumbai was opened in 2004 and has 547 guestrooms and 111 serviced apartments.
 Château de la Renaudie is a ruined château in Dordogne Aquitane France.
 The Watervliet Arsenal /ˈwɔːtərvliːt/ is an arsenal of the United States Army located in Watervliet New York on the west bank of the Hudson River. It is the oldest continuously active arsenal in the United States and today produces much of the artillery for the army as well as gun tubes for cannons mortars and tanks. It has been a National Historic Landmark since 1966.The arsenal was founded in 1813 to support the War of 1812 and was designated as the Watervliet Arsenal in 1817.
 The Federal Building and U.S. Post Office Spokane Washington is a historic post office courthouse and custom house building located at Spokane in Spokane County Washington. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.
 The Benjamin F. Clough House is a historic house at 42—44 Prospect Street in Waltham Massachusetts. Built c. 1855 the 2-1/2 story wood frame house is one a few temple-front Greek Revival houses in the city. Although it has retained Ionic columns supporting its two-level porch and front gable it has lost other details including paneled piers on which the columns rested as well as Colonial Revival corner brackets.
 St. Mary's Assumption Church is a historic church on Front Street in Cottonport Louisiana.It was built in 1918 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Saint John the Evangelist Catholic Church Complex is a historic church building at 351 North Market Street in Logan Ohio.It was built in 1897 in a Colonial Revival/Late Gothic Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The Lancaster Municipal Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Caffè Michelangiolo is an historic café in Florence located on the Via Larga (now renamed the Via Cavour). During the nineteenth-century Wars of Italian Independence it became a major meeting place for Tuscan writers and artists and for patriots and political exiles from other Italian states.The Caffè which existed from 1848 to 1866 was frequented by the artists of the Macchiaioli especially after 1855.
 The Grand Concourse Apartments is a historic site in Miami Shores Florida built in 1926. It is located at 421 Grand Concourse. On December 2 1985 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by Robert L. Weed.
 The Crozer Theological Seminary was a multi-denominational religious institution located in Upland Pennsylvania. The school succeeded a Normal School established at the site and the building's use as a hospital during the American Civil War.
 Old High Middle School is in the building which was once Gaylord High School and is located at 406 NW 2nd Street Bentonville Arkansas. Construction costs when it was built in 1928 were $25000. It was designed by John Parks Almand in a combination of Spanish Colonial Mission and Mediterranean styles.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 as Bentonville High School.
 Waumbek Cottages Historic District is a historic district at 13 18 25 36 Cottage Rd.; 14 38 Starr King Road in Jefferson New Hampshire.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Castle Rock in Kansas City Kansas is the A. Porter Davis Residence. It is located at 852 Washington Boulevard in Kansas City Kansas. Raymond J. Buschhusen was the architect of the building. It was placed on the Kansas City Kansas Historic Landmarks on March 25 1999. It was placed on the Register of Historic Kansas Places on August 28 1999. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 18 2000.
 IOOF Hall also known as Lockwood Lodge No. 653 is a historic Independent Order of Odd Fellows building located at Hunter in Greene County New York. It was built in 1917 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-by-six-bay wood-frame gable-roofed structure. It was used as a fraternal hall until the late 20th century.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Jackson-Einspahr Sod House near Holstein Nebraska is a sod house that was built in phases between 1881 and 1910. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The MetLife Building is a skyscraper located at 200 Park Avenue at East 45th Street above Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan New York City. Built in 1958–63 as the Pan Am Building then headquarters of Pan American World Airways it was designed by Emery Roth & Sons Pietro Belluschi and Walter Gropius in the International style and is one of the fifty tallest buildings in the United States.
 The Topkapı Palace (Turkish: Topkapı Sarayı or in Ottoman Turkish: طوپقپو سرايى)is a large palace in Istanbul Turkey that was the primary residence of the Ottoman Sultans for approximately 400 years (1465-1856) of their 624-year reign.As well as a royal residence the palace was a setting for state occasions and royal entertainments. It is now a major tourist attraction and contains important holy relics of the Muslim world including Muhammed's cloak and sword.
 The Rice Covered Bridge also known as the Landisburg Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Tyrone Township near Landisburg in Perry County Pennsylvania. It is a 123-foot-long (37 m) combination Burr truss and queen post bridge constructed in 1869. It crosses Sherman Creek. Its WGCB reference is 38-50-10.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Zion Lutheran Church is a historic church at 501-503 Columbus Avenue in Sandusky Ohio.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Chatterjee International Center (CIC) is the name of a high-rise building located in the Indian metropolis of Kolkata. It is located on Jawaharlal Nehru Road in the Central Business District of the city. As of July 2012 it is the fifth tallest building in Kolkata.The Chatterjee International Center is one of the oldest high-rises in Kolkata. It was completed in 1976. It is also the first twenty-floor plus building in Eastern India.
 Peebles Island State Park is a park located in New York State at the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson Rivers. With 191 acres (76.4 ha) the park includes hiking and cross-country ski trails as well as earthworks dating from the Revolutionary War and a Visitors' Center detailing the island's industrial history.The park offers picnic tables with pavilions river views miles of hiking and biking paths fishing and cross-country skiing.
 The Nelung Arts Center is an art center in Colombo Sri Lanka. Opened in 2010 it houses a dance school a theater and an art gallery. Established by the Nelung Arts Foundation which was founded by Niloufer Pieris a former Sri Lankan ballerina the center is managed by the Royal Nelung Foundation under the preview of the Royal College Union.
 The Crystal Mall (Traditional Chinese: 麗晶廣場) is a shopping mall in Burnaby British Columbia Canada. It is located at 4500 Kingsway at the intersection with Willingdon Avenue in Metrotown directly adjoined to the Hilton Metrotown Vancouver Hotel. It is also close to the Metropolis at Metrotown shopping centre and main Burnaby Public Library Metrotown branch.
 Greenville Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Donalds South Carolina.It was built in 1852 and added to the National Register in 1998.
 Holyrood Church (or Holy Rood Church) was one of the original five churches serving the old walled town of Southampton England. Built in 1320 the church was destroyed by enemy bombing during the blitz in November 1940. In 1957 the shell of the church was dedicated as a memorial to the sailors of the Merchant Navy.
 The Foreaker Covered Bridge also called the Weddle Covered Bridge is located on Monroe County Road 40 three miles east of Graysville Ohio. The property was listed on the National Register in 1975.
 West Point Christian Church is a historic church in Yukon Oklahoma.It was built in 1898 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Ocala Historic District is a U.S. Historic District (designated as such on January 12 1984) located in Ocala Florida. It encompasses 172 acres (0.70 km2) and is bounded by Broadway Southeast 8th Street Silver Springs Place Southeast 3rd 13th and Watula Avenues. It contains 220 historic buildings.
 The Royal Gwent Hospital is the principal hospital in the city of Newport. It is located on Cardiff Road near the city centre. The buildings on the present site were opened on 5 August 1901 on land donated by Godfrey Morgan 1st Viscount Tredegar.As of 2012 the hospital has more than 3400 staff and approximately 774 beds providing a comprehensive range of hospital services for a population of more than 550000.
 Kuo Yuan Ye (Chinese: 郭元益; pinyin: Guōyuányì) is a chain of pastry stores in Taiwan. Kuo Yuan Ye pastry is prepared with skills passed down through generations. In 1708 ancestors of the Kuo family left their native home in Fujian China crossed the Taiwan Strait and arrived in Taipei. In 1867 Kuo Liang-chen built a squat mudbrick shop in Shilin Taipei where he started a pastry business. In memory of his hometown ancestral hall he gave his store the same name “Yuan Ye”.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located at Sandy Creek in Oswego County New York. It was built in 1917–1918 and is a 1 1⁄2-story frame church with an octagonal plan and a pyramidal roof. The front of the building features a three-stage rooftop tower. The interior layout is based on the Akron plan.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Simsbury Bank and Trust Company Building also known as Town Hall Building in Simsbury Connecticut was built in 1917. Its designer was Smith & Bassette. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Hotel Fort Des Moines is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Cleydael Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Cleydael) is a moated castle in Aartselaar in the province of Antwerp Belgium.Parts of the building date from the 14th century. The castle was the home of the lords of Cleydael until the end of the 18th century.After being part of the golf course it is now private property again.
 Beecher Bible and Rifle Church is a historic church at the southeastern corner of Chapel and Elm Streets in Wabaunsee Kansas. The church is named after Rev. Henry Ward Beecher a financial backer for the town who helped smuggle rifles past pro-slavery forces in crates marked Beecher's Bibles.
 Guwahati Planetarium is one of its kind centre of astronomical research in Assam and the entire North-Eastern region of India. The Guwahati Planetarium is unrivalled in Assam and rest of northeast India with its distinctive dome and sloping walls that sets it apart in the skyline of the area. The Planetarium uses the Japanese Goto GX instrument. The hardware includes the GX starfield projector sixty special-effects projectors and the sky theatre's sound system.
 The Church of Our Lady of Mercy and St. Jude Taddhaeus (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de la Merced y san Judas Tadeo) popularly known as La Merced is a Roman Catholic parish church in Villa Muñoz Montevideo Uruguay.The temple dates back to 1907; the crypt was consecrated on 8 September 1927. Originally held by the Mercedarians now it belongs to the Metropolitan Curia. It is dedicated to Our Lady of Mercy and to the apostle Saint Jude Taddhaeus.
 Ibsenhuset is a Norwegian cultural centre in the city of Skien Telemark county. The building houses several facilities for concerts theater performances opera exhibits conferences courses meetings and other events. There are also a restaurant and the town's main library in the building. International and national artists and entertainers have performed at Ibsenhuset. The name Ibsenhuset is derived from Henrik Ibsen's last name and from huset Norwegian for a house or building.
 The Museo de Vida Silvestre (in English the Wildlife Museum) is a Museum located in San Juan Puerto Rico. It was inaugurated in November 1 2010 and houses more than 200 specimens in their respective habitats. The museum has garnered popularity in the island receiving more than 100000 visitors shortly after its first year.
 Burg Bruck is a medieval castle in Lienz in Tyrol Austria.It was completed in 1278 as the residence of the Meinhardiner Counts of Görz. In 1490. the chapel was decorated with frescoes by Simon von Taisten. In 1500 the last count Leonhard of Görz bequeathed the castle to the Habsburg archduke Maximilian I of Austria who incorporated it into his Tyrolean possessions.
 The Electric Park Pavilion is a pavilion located in Blackwell Oklahoma designed in 1912 by W.L. McAltee. The pavilion was built as a salute to electricity and features a 160-foot domed ceiling and an 800 seat auditorium. The building was once lined with over 500 lights on the dome its 27 flag poles with American flags and its 22 arched windows.
 The Hotel Theresa located at 2082-96 Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
 Christ Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 43 South Broadway (US 9) in Tarrytown New York. Topped by a modest tower the ivy-covered red brick church was built in 1837 and maintains an active congregation to the present day. The church also includes the San Marcos Mission a Spanish-language ministry.It was recognized as a landmark by the New York Department of Education in 1935.
 Citizens National Bank since known as the Hilliard-Lyons Building and Kunkel Square is a building noted for its stone and terracotta facade located at Fourth and Main Street in downtown Evansville Indiana. The building is ten stories tall and was the region's first skyscraper. The architect was William Lee Stoddart.
 The Darling House Museum is a historic house museum located in Woodbridge Connecticut and is owned and operated by the Amity & Woodbridge Historical Society. The house is open by appointment and during special events.In the early 1770s Thomas Darling hired Abiel Gray of West Hartford Connecticut to build a new home in Amity Parish outside of New Haven. Gray took two years (1772-1774) to finish the project.
 St. Francis Xavier Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alexandria located in Alexandria Louisiana.The cathedral was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 29 March 1984. The complex includes the cathedral building St. Francis Academy (erected in 1897) and the rectory (erected in 1896 and renovated in 1930).
 Buffalo Tennis and Squash Club is a historic clubhouse building located at Buffalo in Erie County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Classical Revival–style structure constructed in 1915–1916.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant sarcophagus or Shelter Object (Ukrainian: Об'єкт Укриття) is the massive steel and concrete structure covering the nuclear reactor #4 building of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. It is designed to limit radioactive contamination of the environment following the 1986 Chernobyl disaster by encasing the most dangerous area and protecting it from climate exposure. It is located within a large restricted area known as the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone.
 Manatee Palms Youth Services is a 60-bed psychiatric hospital in Bradenton Florida and a subsidiary of for-profit Psychiatric Solutions.
 Ottoman Palace Hotel and Resort is a hotel and resort under construction on a crescent of Palm Jumeirah Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is the first Ottoman Empire-themed hotel in Dubai. When completed it will contain 410 rooms and 38 suites. Construction on this hotel was started in May 2007 and was scheduled to be completed in early 2010.The hotel and resort will incorporate a Turkish Spa.
 Barry Historic District is a designated historic district in the Pike County Illinois city of Barry. Located on U.S. Route 36 (Interstate 72) as it passes through Barry the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in March 1979. The district is one of Barry's three Registered Historic Places. The second named in 1988 is the Free Frank McWorter Grave Site which is 5 miles east of the city.
 The Copper Creek Guard Station was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935. It is located in a very remote area near Black Canyon City Arizona United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 for its architecture. It was designed by the USDA Forest Service in Bungalow/Craftsman style. It served historically as a camp and as a government office.
 The Wat Phra Kaew (Thai: วัดพระแก้ว RTGS: Wat Phra Kaeo IPA: [wát pʰráʔ kɛ̂ːw] Pronunciation English: Temple of the Emerald Buddha; full official name Wat Phra Si Rattana Satsadaram Thai: วัดพระศรีรัตนศาสดาราม IPA: [wát pʰráʔ sǐː rát.ta.náʔ sàːt.sa.daː.raːm]) is regarded as the most sacred Buddhist temple (wat) in Thailand. It is a potent religio-political symbol and the palladium [safeguard] of Thai society.
 The Isle of Wight Bus & Coach Museum also referred to as The Isle of Wight Bus Museum was founded in 1997 in Newport on the Isle of Wight in the United Kingdom. The museum is a registered charity and run completely by volunteers. The vehicle collection is housed in a former grain warehouse on Newport Quay.Most of the vehicles the museum houses date back to around the 1910s onwards many having formerly operated on the Isle of Wight.
 The Douglass House is a hotel located at the corner of Sheldon Avenue and Isle Royale Street in Houghton Michigan. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Hawkesyard Priory was a Dominican Priory in Armitage Staffordshire England built circa 1900 including the Roman Catholic Priory Church of St Thomas. The Dominicans left the site in 1988 and the Estate was sold in 1999 to a private buyer. The Priory Church is still in use by the Old Catholic Church and is the Pro-Cathedral of the Old Catholic Church in the UK
 The J. Wayne Reitz Union is the student union of the University of Florida located on Museum Road on the university campus in Gainesville Florida. The building which was originally completed in 1967 contains dining facilities meeting rooms offices a computer lab a game room an outdoor amphitheater retail stores a movie theater and a hotel.East of the Reitz Union is the Constans Theatre a performing arts venue.
 Southtown Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Fort Wayne Indiana. Opened in 1969 it closed in 2003 due to declining traffic. Anchor stores once included J. C. Penney Montgomery Ward (later Kohl's) Wolf & Dessauer (later L. S. Ayres) Sears and Service Merchandise. The mall was demolished for new development including a Walmart and Menards.
 The Frederick Hastings Rindge House is a historic house located in the West Adams district of Los Angeles in Los Angeles County California. The Rindge House was built in 1904 for Frederick H. Rindge and designed by Frederick Louis Roehrig and E.C. Shipley in a Renaissance Revival-Romanesque Revival Victorian style. In 1986 the Rindge House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on architectural criteria.
 Benacre Hall is a Grade II listed country house and estate in Benacre Suffolk. The current house is Georgian and dates to around 1764. It is the seat of the Gooch baronets.
 Mount Calvary Church is a Roman Catholic Anglican Use parish located in the Seton Hill neighborhood of Baltimore Maryland. The church was founded in 1842 as part of the Episcopal Church and is now a community within the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of St. Peter.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church at Ilion in Herkimer County New York. It consists of the original church was built between 1864 and 1866 and the attached 1890 Remington Chapel. The main block of the church consists of tall red brick masonry walls erected above a basement of cut stone in the Italianate style. The 85 feet by 45 feet rectangular gable roofed sanctuary features an engaged brick entrance / bell tower.
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre abbreviated SHSC and known simply as Sunnybrook is an academic health sciences centre located in Toronto Ontario.It is the largest trauma centre in Canada and is one of two major trauma centres in Toronto; the other is St. Michael's Hospital.
 Philip Rogers House also known as Penn Wick is a historic home located in Warwick Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay by two bay random fieldstone dwelling. It has a gable roof with gable end chimneys. A 2 1/2-story kitchen wing was added before 1825.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Church of Holy Cross of Hospet (Portuguese: Igreja da Santa Cruz Hospet) in Dakshina Kannada is one of the ancient churches in the Mangalore Diocese of India. Being situated in Hosabettu it is also known as Hospet Church. This was the only church that escaped the drive for the demolition of churches by Tipu Sultan during the Captivity of Mangalorean Catholics at Seringapatam.
 Allen Chapel AME Church is a historic church at the corner of First Street and Elm Street in Fort Worth Texas.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Manchester (FCI Manchester) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kentucky. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.FCI Manchester is located in eastern Kentucky approximately 75 miles south of Lexington the state's second-largest city.
 Hoeffer House also known as the Hoeffler Residence in Syracuse New York was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. It was designed by Ward Wellington Ward and was built in 1923.It was listed for its architecture.
 Mud River Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge over the Mud River at Milton Cabell County West Virginia. It was built about 1875 and is a single-span modified Howe truss structure. It measures approximately 112 feet in length and 14 feet in width. The bridge was restored in 1971.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Mall at Barnes Crossing is a super regional shopping mall located northeast of downtown Tupelo Mississippi. It is managed and partially owned by David Hocker & Associates and is home to over 90 specialty shops 5 anchor store tenants an 8-screen Cinemark movie theater and a 600-seat food court. Anchor stores include two Belk locations as well as JCPenney Sears Barnes & Noble and Dick's Sporting Goods.
 Modbury Priory was a Benedictine priory in Modbury Devon England established about 1140 and lasting until the 15th century. It was located close to the current St George's Church Modbury but there is doubt about the exact location of the priory.
 Benjamin Jacobs House is a historic home located in West Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1790 and was originally a two-story three bay double pile side hall stone dwelling in the 2/3 Georgian style. It has a gable roof with dormers. The house has a stone kitchen wing making the house five bays wide and frame wing with a two-story porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St. Julien is an historic plantation home located in Spotsylvania County Virginia. The main house was built by Francis Taliaferro Brooke in 1794 with an addition added in 1812. There are several outbuildings that surround the main house. They include a slave quarters smokehouse milk house and law office used by Francis Brooke. Though relatively small in size the home is exemplary of Federal architecture. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in June 1975
 Arihant Majestic Towers is a 17-storied residential building in Chennai India. Located on the Inner Ring Road opposite the Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus the building has 310 housing units with a total built-up area of 510000 sq ft. It is one the first buildings that surpassed the LIC Building on Anna Salai as the tallest building in the city.
 Calvary Wakefield Hospital is a private Catholic hospital in Adelaide Australia providing acute care with inpatient and outpatient facilities. It also provides dental care and plastic and reconstructive surgery to patients. Since its 2006 acquisition from Ramsay Health Care the hospital has been one of the Little Company of Mary (LCM) Health Care providers overseen by the international religious institute Sisters of the Little Company of Mary.
 Orthodox synagogue in Bratislava is the only Jewish synagogue in Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It was constructed in 1923 – 1926 on Haydukova Street in the Old Town in Cubist style designed by the local Jewish architect Artur Szalatnai.The synagogue is an important example of Slovak religious architecture of the 20th century and it is listed as a Slovak National Cultural Monument.
 The John Winthrop Jr. Iron Furnace Site is a historic site at 61 Crescent Street Quincy Massachusetts. The site is called Braintree Furnace in some texts; the West Quincy location at the time of operation was in a part of Braintree Massachusetts that later became Quincy. Its importance lies in the fact that it was the first iron blast furnace established in what would become the United States.
 St. Paul's (Zion's) Evangelical Lutheran Church is the official name of what is usually referred to as St. Paul's Lutheran Church in Red Hook New York United States. Its six buildings and cemetery are on a 15-acre (6.1 ha) lot on South Broadway (US 9) just south of the village center.
 Scranton City Hall is located at Washington and Mulberry (US 11/PA 307) streets in the downtown section of that city in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is a three-story limestone ashlar Victorian Gothic Revival building with sandstone trim designed by architects Edwin L.
 Holy Trinity Lutheran Church (Latvian: Svētās Trīsvienības Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca) is a Lutheran church in Riga the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 10 Sarkandaugavas Street.
 Not to be confused with The Mall Lahore.
 The Gaithersburg Latitude Observatory in Gaithersburg Maryland is one of the system of six International Latitude Observatories and (as of 2007) the only National Historic Landmark in Gaithersburg Maryland. The building is in the National Register of Historic Places. The GLO was constructed by Edwin Smith chief of the Instrument Division of the U.S.
 The Mumbai World Trade Centre in Cuffe Parade was built in 1970. It consists of two towers MRVDC and IDBI. MRVDC was at 156m the tallest building in South Asia until the 2010 completion of The Imperial Mumbai (252m).
 Church of Saint Lawrence is a historic Episcopal church located at Alexandria Bay in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1889 and is a three-by-four-bay wood-frame Shingle Style structure on a massive raised stone foundation. It is composed of an entry porch nave and chancel with symmetrical octagonal ells housing organ pipes on the west and sacristy on the east.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The George Kunhardt Estate is a historic estate off Great Plain Road in North Andover Massachusetts. Originally owned by George Kunhardt a principal owner of textile mills in the Merrimack Valley the estate was also known as Campion Hall when it served as a Jesuit retreat center. After sitting vacant for many years the property has been converted into residential condominiums.The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Hanbali Mosque (also known as Hanabila Mosque) is a major mosque in central Nablus off of Jama'a Kabir Street south of Martyr's Square and west of the Great Mosque of Nablus.
 St Mary's Whitechapel is an Episcopal church in Lancaster Virginia founded in 1669 and located three miles south of Lively in Lancaster County in the Northern Neck. The parish of St Mary's Whitechapel is notable for being the birthplace of Mary Ball Washington mother of George Washington.
 The Château de Pibrac is a converted 16th century castle in the commune of Pibrac in the Haute-Garonne département of France. It was rebuilt in 1540 to replace the old manor house. The architect appears to be Dominique Bachelor. During the Revolution in 1794 the sculptures were smashed and the tops of the towers destroyed. It was restored with alterations in 1887.The red brick structure privately owned has been listed since 1932 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Taichung English and Art Museum (Chinese: 臺中兒童藝術館or台中兒童藝術館; pinyin: Táizhōng Értóng Yìshùguǎn) is an art museum for children in Dali District Taichung Taiwan.
 Lamar Towers are a pair of skyscrapers currently under construction in the city of Jeddah Saudi Arabia.
 Hain Mill also known as Wernersville Mill is a historic grist mill complex located in Lower Heidelberg Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The merchant mill complex includes the 2 1/2-story stone mill building (1798); stone farmhouse / miller's house (1782); two-story stone and frame barn; frame toolshed; frame woodshed; and frame outhouse. The mill ceased operation prior to 1961.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Bahrain National Museum (Arabic: متحف البحرين الوطني‎ also referred to as National Museum of Bahrain) is the largest and one of the oldest public museums in Bahrain. It is constructed near the King Faisal Highway in Manama and opened in December 1988. The US$30 million museum complex covers 27800 sq meters and consists of two buildings. The National Theatre of Bahrain lies next to the museum.
 St. Louis Church is a historic church building at 300 N. Chapel Street in Louisville Ohio.It was built in 1870 in a French Gothic/High Victorian Gothic style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Sun Building (also known as the Baltimore Sun Building or American Bank Building) is an historic building located at 1317 F Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the in Downtown Washington D.C. neighborhood.
 White Cube is a contemporary art gallery owned by Jay Jopling with two branches in London: Mason's Yard in central London and Bermondsey in South East London one in Hong Kong and one in São Paulo. The Hoxton Square space in the East End of London was closed at the end of 2012. The gallery became famous curating Damien Hirst Tracey Emin Marc Quinn and other internationally recognised artists.
 St. Anne's Episcopal Church built in 1853 is a historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 23 Church Street in Calais Maine in the United States. On July 8 1982 St. Anne's was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Dorchester Academy near Midway Georgia is a historic site that is listed in 2009 as one of the top 11 U.S. most endangered historic sites. The Dorchester Academy Boys' Dormitory on the site was built in 1935 was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1986 and was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 2006.The dormitory historic site is significant for its association with the Southern Christian Leadership's Citizen Education Program.
 Taigum Square Shopping Centre is a sub-regional shopping centre located in Taigum a suburb of Brisbane in the state of Queensland Australia. Owned by Federation Limited the centre is located on Beams Road providing access via Gympie and Sandgate Roads. It is anchored by Woolworths Big W Homeart and Best & Less and incorporates 77 specialty stores on the premises.
 Grapevine Mills is a diverse-scale shopping mall located in Grapevine Texas which is located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Grapevine Mills currently totals over 1600000 square feet (150000 m2) in size. It also includes a Bass Pro Shops although not connected physically.Grapevine Mills opened on October 30 1997 and is currently one of the largest malls owned by The Mills platform of Simon Property Group.
 Varberg Church (Swedish: Varbergs kyrka) is situated at the marketplace in Varberg Halland County Sweden. The church was completed in 1772 as a replacement of an elder church from 1687 that was destroyed in a fire on 18 May 1767.The interior of the church is neoclassical. Mostly of it is from the 19th century. The retable is from 1816. The pulpit was set in during a restoration of the church in 1890–1891. The wooden baptismal font has seven edges. It was made from oak in the 17th century.
 Irvine Park in Orange California is a 160-acre (65 ha) park that became Orange County's first regional park in 1897. It includes architecture by Frederick Eley. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.It includes six contributing buildings four contributing structures and four contributing objects.
 Christ Church (Episcopal) is an historic Carpenter Gothic church in Fort Meade Florida. It is located at 331 E. Broadway. On May 6 1976 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Immanuel Church is an Anglican church in Oswaldtwistle Lancashire England. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn and the archdeaconry of Blackburn. It was built 1836–1837 designed by J. and T. Stones and has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
 Deitz Farm also known as General Robert E. Lee Headquarters is a national historic district located near Meadow Bluff Greenbrier County West Virginia. The house was built about 1840 and is a two story side gabled red brick residence in the Greek Revival style. It features a three bay one-story wooden porch across the front of the house. Also on the property are two contributing wooden outbuildings and earthworks associated with the property's role as General Robert E.
 Aberdeen Arts Centre is a theatre on King Street in Aberdeen Scotland. The 350 seater auditorium regularly plays host to music and drama events and is the focus for much of Aberdeen's amateur dramatic activities. The theatre is on two levels with an upper and a lower gallery for audiences.
 The Davis Building is a 20-story high-rise in downtown Dallas. The building rises to a height of 323 feet (98 m). Responsible for the architectural design C.D. Hill and Co. along with Inge Construction Company. It was completed
 The Mogami Yoshiaki Historical Museum (最上義光歴史館 Mogami Yoshiaki Rekishikan) is a museum in the city of Yamagata in northern Japan just outside the reconstructed Great Eastern Gate of Yamagata Castle. It focuses on the place in history of Mogami Yoshiaki and his role in building the foundations of present-day Yamagata. The museum opened on 1 December 1989 in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the founding of modern Yamagata City.
 St Mary Magdalene's Church Broughton-in-Furness is in Broughton-in-Furness Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of four other local parishes. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe is a nonprofit organization established to develop a regional science and technology center at the site of Nikola Tesla's former Wardenclyffe laboratory on Long Island New York. The center raised money through crowdfunding to purchase the property.
 The Hôtel-Dieu de Montréal founded in 1645 is the oldest hospital in Montreal Quebec. Since 1996 it has been one of the three hospitals making up the Centre hospitalier de l'Université de Montréal (CHUM).Hôtel-dieu literally hostel of God is an archaic French term for hospital referring to the origins of hospitals as religious institutions.
 Locanda Locatelli is the London restaurant of Italian chef Giorgio Locatelli and his wife Plaxy. Located in the Churchill Hotel on Seymour Street in the West End of London the restaurant specialises in Italian cuisine. As of 2008 the restaurant holds one star in the Michelin Guide.
 The church officially Arthunkal St. Andrew's Forane Church Arthunkal Alappuzha district Kerala India was originally built by the Portuguese missionaries in the 16th century. It was rebuilt in 1584 under the then vicar Fr. Jacoma Fenicio whom the devotees claim possessed magical powers to heal the body and mind. Devotees fondly referred to him as Arthunkal Veluthachan which in English translates to fair skinned father. Fr. Fenicio died in 1632.
 Independently owned and operated by the Beverly Hills-based Edward Thomas Collection of Hotels (ETC Hotels) who also own Casa del Mar next door Shutters on the Beach is a luxury hotel located on the beach in Santa Monica in Southern California.A member of The Leading Hotels of the World Shutters on the Beach offers two restaurants: One Pico and Coast Beach Café and Bar. One Pico Shutters’ signature restaurant was designed and renovated by Michael S.
 The Marktkirche St. Georgii et Jacobi (Market Church of Sts. George and James) commonly known as Marktkirche (The Church on the Marketplace) is the main Lutheran church in Hanover Germany. It was built in the 14th century and together with the nearby Old Town Hall is considered the southernmost example of the North German brick gothic (norddeutsche Backsteingotik) architectural style.
 The Greenwich Senior Center also known as the old Greenwich Town Hall is located in the business district of Greenwich Connecticut. USA. The old Town Hall building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 21 1987.
 The Dalles Mint was to be a branch of the United States Mint in The Dalles in Oregon. Partially constructed in 1869 the planned two-story structure was never completed and the mint was never put into operation. Located in the downtown area of the city the building was given to the state before it was sold to the public. The Mint building was most recently home to the Erin Glenn Winery.
 The Whittier (also known as the Whittier Apartments) is a partially renovated high rise residential complex and former hotel located at 415 Burns Drive in Detroit Michigan on the Detroit River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Metamora Crossroads Historic District is a historic district centered at the intersection of Oak and High Street in the small village of Metamora in Metamora Township in Lapeer County Michigan. It was designated as a Michigan State Historic Site and also added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 19 1984.The historic district comprises 3.5 acres (1.4 hectares) and 15 buildings and one non-contributing property.
 The Rogers-Whitaker-Haywood House is a historic house near Wake Crossroads (formerly Rogers Crossroads) North Carolina an unincorporated community northeast of the state capital Raleigh. The original story-and-a-half house now the west end was built in 1771. It has a stone exterior chimney on the west end.
 The Cathedral of Blessed Mother Teresa in Pristina (Albanian: Katedralja e së Lumes Nënë Tereza në Prishtinë) in Pristina Kosovo is a Roman Catholic cathedral being constructed. In 2007 the Government of Kosovo approved plans for the building. The church's foundation was ceremonially laid by former Kosovo president Ibrahim Rugova himself a Muslim. It is dedicated to Blessed Mother Teresa.Upon the cathedral's completion the diocese covering Kosovo will move from Prizren to Pristina.
 The Nichols House is a residential building designed by the Australian architect Kevin Borland. The construction was completed in 1973 and awarded the OPCD Bronze Medal for The Age/RAIA House of the Year together with Max May’s Rattle House at Harkaway in 1974. The project is a medium density development which shows many of Borland's architectural ideals regarding the configurations of how the modern family dwells in.
 St John's Church Doddington is located off Hunsterson Road in the grounds of Doddington Hall Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Nantwich the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is combined with those of St James Audlem and St Chad Wybunbury. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 St Andrew's Church is a notable Church of England parish church located in the village of Mells in the English county of Somerset. The church is a grade I listed building.
 The Boley Historic District in Boley Oklahoma is the area of an all-black town founded in 1903. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.It is roughly bounded by Seward Avenue Walnut and Cedar Streets and the southern city limits of Boley.
 Locke (traditional Chinese: 樂居; simplified Chinese: 乐居; Mandarin Pinyin: Lèjū; Jyutping: Lok6geoi1) also known as Locke Historic District is an unincorporated community in California's Sacramento – San Joaquin River Delta built by Chinese immigrants during the early 20th century. It was originally named Lockeport after George Locke who owned the land that the town was built upon at a time when Chinese people were not allowed to own land.
 Mitchell Recreation Area is a small picnic area located in the Fremont-Winema National Forests Lake County Oregon near the city of Bly. It is also known as Mitchell Monument. It is the only location in the continental U.S. where Americans were killed during World War II as a direct result of enemy action. The deaths were caused by a Japanese balloon bomb. The site is maintained by the United States Forest Service and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St. Stephen of Hungary is a Roman Catholic parish church and friary in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 402-412 East 82nd Street Manhattan New York City. It has been overseen by Franciscans since 1922.The congregation was established in 1902 by Fr. Lászlo Perényi a Hungarian priest. It had no permanent facility until three years later when it moved into a former Presbyterian church on 14th street.
 La Vilette is a restaurant located in Rotterdam in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 1985 and the periods 1987-1989 and 2003-2008.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points.In 1993 and 2001 it was mentioned as brasserie but later reverted to a fine dining restaurant.Fred Mustert was head chef from 1995 to 2007. Nicolas Belot sous-chef under Mustert took over that year.
 Silverburn (also known as Pollok Town Centre or The Centre) is an 'out of town' shopping centre located on Barrhead Road in Pollok Glasgow Scotland.
 Norwich Cathedral is an English cathedral located in Norwich Norfolk dedicated to the Holy and Undivided Trinity. It is the cathedral church for the Church of England Diocese of Norwich and is one of the Norwich 12 heritage sites.The cathedral was begun in 1096 and constructed out of flint and mortar and faced with a cream-coloured Caen limestone. A Saxon settlement and two churches were demolished to make room for the buildings.
 The Taylor County Courthouse is located in Medford Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Groeningemuseum is a municipal museum of Bruges Belgium.It houses a comprehensive survey of six centuries of Flemish and Belgian painting from Jan van Eyck to Marcel Broodthaers.
 Oskar G. Stonorov House is a historic home located in Charlestown Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 from the stone walls of an existing stone and frame farmhouse. It is L-shaped as was the farmhouse with frame walls sheathed in cypress. It features large window openings and a flat roof with parapet or thin edge overhang. A guest house was added to the property in the early 1950s.
 Peter Bitley House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure built about 1837.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The AEGON Center is a skyscraper in Downtown Louisville Kentucky and located at 400 West Market Street. The 35-story 549-foot (167 m) high structure was designed by architect John Burgee with Philip Johnson and was completed in 1993 at the cost of US$100 million.
 The Peninsula Building is a commercial high-rise building in Manchester England. The building is part of Manchester's Green Quarter a regeneration project north-west of Manchester city centre.
 First Floor Gallery Harare is Zimbabwe’s first contemporary emerging artist run gallery. The gallery is dedicated to supporting the professional and career development of the new generation of contemporary Zimbabwean artists locally and internationally. The gallery is also dedicated to education and audience development to ensure a sustainable future for career artists.
 The Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center (LLUOMC) is a patient-centered clinic that handles the occupational medicine needs of its parent organization (Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center) and those of local businesses in the Inland Empire of Southern California.
 Piaski transmitter ( Polish: Radiowo Telewizyjne Centrum Nadawcze Lublin / Piaski or short RTCN Piaski) is a facility for FM- and TV-broadcasting near Piaski in Lublin Voivodeship Poland at 51°08′02″N 22°52′11″E. Piaski transmitter uses as antenna tower a 342 metre tall guyed mast which was built in 1990.
 Kuns-Collier House is a historic house at 302 S. Walnut Street in McPherson Kansas.It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Christ Church Mission also known as the Anvik Mission is a historic Episcopal church mission in Anvik Alaska.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.There are several buildings. The largest and most impressive is the Mission building is a 36-by-72-foot (11 m × 22 m) building built in 1931.
 St. John the Baptist Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Marion Township Mercer County Ohio United States. Located in the unincorporated community of Maria Stein it is the home of an active congregation and has been recognized as a historic site because of its well-preserved late nineteenth-century Gothic Revival architecture.
 Culbone Church located in the village of Culbone in Somerset is said to be the smallest church in England. The church dedicated to the Welsh saint Beuno has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and the churchyard cross is Grade II*.The church is recorded in the Domesday Book.The church seats about 30 people The chancel is 13.5 × 10 feet (4.1 × 3.0 m) the nave 21.5 × 12.33 feet (6.6 × 3.8 m) and the building has a total length of 35 feet (10.7 m).
 The Jonathan Singletary Dunham House located in Woodbridge Township Middlesex County New Jersey United States (the state's first Township chartered on June 1 1669 by King Charles II of England) is a house that was built around 1700 by Jonathan Singletary Dunham (January 17 1640 – September 6 1724) an early American settler and freeholder who built the first gristmill in New Jersey nearby the house.Jonathan Dunham was born in Newbury Massachusetts and married Mary Bloomfield with whom he later moved to present day New Jersey. 
 Hamilton Mill Village Historic District is a historic district on Boston Neck and Martha Roads in North Kingstown Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Rehoboth Chapel is a former Strict Baptist place of worship in the hamlet of Pell Green in East Sussex England. Pell Green is in the parish of Wadhurst in Wealden one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex and stands on the road between the market town of Wadhurst and the village of Lamberhurst in the county of Kent. Built in 1824 to replace an earlier meeting place for local Baptists it continued in religious use until the late 20th century.
 Friars Walk is a projected shopping centre in Newport city centre.The original £222m scheme was intended to cover an area bounded by Kingsway Upper Dock Street and the existing Kingsway Shopping Centre including parts of John Frost Square and the bus station.
 Butler Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic church at 1002 N. Church Street in Tuskegee Alabama. Built in 1957 it was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage in 1985 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Horizontal Skyscraper designed by Steven Holl Architects and completed in 2009 is a mixed-use building that includes offices for the Vanke Co. a conference center restaurant an auditorium a hotel apartments and a large public park.By raising the 1296459 sf building on eight cores — as far as 50 meters apart and positioning the building right under the 35-meter high limit of the area — Steven Holl Architects was able to create the largest possible tropical garden on the ground level of the site. 
 Melrose also known as Melrose Castle is a historic home located near Casanova Fauquier County Virginia. The house was built between 1856 and 1860 and is a two-story five bayL-shaped Gothic Revival style dwelling. It features a three-story-octagonal tower in the center bay and castellation along the parapet.
 The Johnson-Thompson House is a historic house at 201 Ridge Street in Winchester Massachusetts. Built c. 1750 this two story Georgian house is the oldest structure in Winchester. The house contains evidence it once had a large central chimney a typical Georgian feature which was later removed and replaced by the narrower chimneys on the rear wall. The house was probably built by William Johnson a prominent figure in the history of Woburn when this area was part of that town.
 The Modjeska Monteith Simkins House is a historic place of the civil rights movement. The house which was owned by Modjeska Monteith Simkins is located at 2025 Marion Street in Columbia South Carolina. On March 25 1994 it was named to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Covered Bridges of Bradford Sullivan and Lycoming Counties are seven covered bridges in northcentral Pennsylvania in the United States which were included on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in a Thematic Resources submission on July 24 1980. One of the bridges is in Bradford County and three each are in Lycoming and Sullivan counties.
 St Matthew's Church Haslington is located in the village of Haslington Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Nantwich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Michael and All Angels Crewe Green.
 Santa Cruz Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster On The Beach Boardwalk is a National Historic Landmark composed of two parts a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
 The Palácio Rio Negro (English: Rio Negro Palace) is a palace located in Petrópolis mountainous region of the state of Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It is one of the official residences of the President of Brazil used mainly as a country retreat.
 The Anacostia Community Museum (known colloquially as the ACM) is a community museum in the Anacostia neighborhood of Washington D.C. in the United States. It is one of nineteen museums under the umbrella of the Smithsonian Institution and was the first federally funded community museum in the United States.
 Ujazdów Castle (Polish: Zamek Ujazdowski) is a castle in the historic Ujazdów district between Ujazdów Park (Park Ujazdowski) and the Royal Baths Park (Łazienki Królewskie) in Warsaw Poland. Its beginnings date to the 13th century and it was rebuilt several times. Like many structures in Warsaw it sustained much damage in the Warsaw Uprising (1944). Reconstructed 30 years later (1974) it now houses Warsaw's Center for Contemporary Art.
 Dudley Tower officially First Wausau Tower is a high-rise building located in downtown Wausau Wisconsin. Sitting on the shore of the Wisconsin River it is the prominent building in the Wausau city skyline. First Wausau Tower is the tallest commercial building in Wisconsin outside of Milwaukee.Currently First Wausau Tower is occupied by Ruder Ware WoodTrust and Miron Construction.
 Bintan Agro Beach Resort is a hotel and resort in Bintan Indonesia. It is located on the southeastern coast. The resort was established following extensive investment from Singapore.
 The Vlah Church (Serbian: Влашка Црква) is a Serbian Orthodox church built in 1450 in the village Donji Kraj (on Cetinje field) Zeta Serbian Despotate (modern day Montenegro).
 The William A. Nelden House at 1172 East 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah was built in 1894. It was designed by architect Frederick Albert Hale. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.According to its NRHP nomination the house is one of Utah's earliest and purest examples of Georgian Revival architecture.
 Bethesda Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Russellville Tennessee US that was used as a hospital during the American Civil War. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Salen Chapel (Norwegian: Salen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Fosnes in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Salsnes on the shores of the lake Salsvatnet. The church is part of the Fosnes parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white wooden chapel building was constructed in 1953.
 Thackeray Hall is an academic building of the University of Pittsburgh and a contributing property to the Schenley Farms National Historic District[1][2] at 139 University Place on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. Thackeray Hall houses Pitt's Department of Mathematics. Previously it housed the Mathematics Library in room 430 whose collection is now located in the Bevier Engineering Library of Benedum Hall.
 The Frederick C. Robie House is a U.S. National Historic Landmark in the Chicago Illinois neighborhood of Hyde Park at 5757 S. Woodlawn Avenue on the South Side. It was designed and built between 1908 and 1910 by architect Frank Lloyd Wright and is renowned as the greatest example of the Prairie School style the first architectural style that was uniquely American.
 The Drawing Center is a SoHo museum and a nonprofit exhibition space that focuses on the exhibition of drawings both historical and contemporary.
 The Greaser Petroglyph Site is located on land owned by the Bureau of Land Management in eastern Lake County Oregon. The designs were scraped into a basalt boulder by Native Americans perhaps 12000 years ago. No one knows the meaning of the designs. Because of its unique archaeological and cultural significance the Greaser petroglyph site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 McLaren–Greater Lansing Hospital (MGLH) (formerly Ingham Regional Medical Center) (IRMC) is a hospital in Lansing Michigan. MGLH is a subsidiary of the McLaren Health Care Corporation which is an integrated managed care health care organization operating in Michigan. Both the College of Human Medicine and the MSU College of Osteopathic Medicine at Michigan State University are affiliated with MGLH.
 Terra Cotta Building is a historic office building and display center located at Alfred in Allegany County New York. It was built in 1892 by the Celadon Terra Cotta Co. It is a one-story 16-foot-wide (4.9 m) 25-foot-deep (7.6 m) building built almost entirely of terra cotta bricks ornamental and roofing tiles manufactured by Celadon. The building was designed as a sales office for the company and was considered a catalog of their work.
 Batalden Chapel (Norwegian: Batalden bedehuskapell) is a chapel in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located on the small island of Fanøya. The chapel is part of the Kinn parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The building was constructed in 1907 as a community centre. Soon after the residents wanted to use it as a chapel.
 The Stovall is a 255 ft (78 m) tall high rise in Tampa Florida. It was completed in 2001 and has 22 floors. J. Scott Architecture designed the building which is the 17th tallest in Tampa.
 The Portland is a shipwreck lying 460 feet below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean near Gloucester Massachusetts. The S.S. Portland was built by New England Shipbuilding Co. in 1889. The ship gained world fame when it brought the first miners out from the Klondike gold rush fields in Canada arriving in Seattle Washington on July 17 1897 with over a ton of gold in its cargo which ignited the 1897-98 gold rush.
 The John Tears Inn is located along Goshen Turnpike between the hamlets of Circleville and Scotchtown in the Orange County New York town of Wallkill. It was built approximately 1790 and provided a stopover for travelers on the Goshen Turnpike due to its location midway between Bloomingburg and Goshen.
 Newburgh Colored Burial Ground is a historic cemetery and national historic district located at Newburgh in Orange County New York. It consists of an archaeological site for a 19th-century burial ground containing approximately 100 graves located on the west and northwest sides of the Newburgh City Courthouse. The cemetery was active between about 1832 and 1867.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 Government Museum Mathura commonly referred as Mathura museum is an archaeological museum in Mathura city of Uttar Pradesh state in India. The museum was founded by then collector of the Mathura district Sir F. S. Growse in 1874. Initially it was known as Curzon Museum of Archaeology then Archaeology Museum Mathura and finally changed to the Government Museum Mathura.
 The Boerentoren (English: Farmers' Tower; officially KBC Tower originally the Torengebouw van Antwerpen) is a tall building in Antwerp Belgium. Constructed between 1929 and 1932 and originally 87.5 m (287 ft) high it remains the tallest building and the second tallest structure in the city after the Cathedral of Our Lady.Designed in Art-deco style the Boerentoren is considered Europe's first skyscraper.
 Wickland is a historic mansion in eastern Bardstown Kentucky. It has been the home of three state governors: two for Kentucky and one in Louisiana.
 Eugene Pioneer Cemetery (also Pioneer Memorial Cemetery and Independent Order of Odd Fellows (I.O.O.F.) Cemetery) is a pioneer cemetery in Eugene Oregon United States. It is one of the three oldest cemeteries in Eugene. It is the largest in both acreage and burials encompassing 16 acres (65000 m2) with approximately 5000 burials.
 The Penang State Assembly Building is the historical Penang's state administrative building. It is located between Light Street and Farquhar Street near Fort Cornwallis in George Town Malaysia.
 The National Museum of Marine Science and Technology (NMMST; Chinese: 國立海洋科技博物館; pinyin: Guólì Hǎiyáng Kējì Bówùguǎn) is a museum of marine science and marine technology in Zhongzheng Keelung Taiwan.
 Emlenton Historic District is a national historic district located at Emlenton Venango County Pennsylvania. The district includes 317 contributing buildings 57 contributing structures and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Emlenton. It includes commercial residential industrial and institutional buildings. They are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Italianate Greek Revival and Gothic Revival.
 The Utah Commercial and Savings Bank Building at 22 East 100 South in Salt Lake City Utah was designed by Richard K.A. Kletting and was built in 1888. Also known as the Village Brownstone Building it is a Richardsonian Romanesque style building.It is important for its architecture and for its association with its architect Richard K.A. Kletting and with the founder of the Utah Commercial and Savings Bank Francis Armstrong.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Flintridge Building (formerly the Flint Ridge Building) is a historic office building in Fairfield Alabama in metropolitan Birmingham. From 1951 to 1964 it served as the headquarters of the southern division of United States Steel. In 2004 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Sited on a ridge on E.J. Oliver Boulevard near Miles College the building overlooks the Fairfield Works.
 The Peter Baker Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 90 Vernon Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built c. 1902 it is a well-preserved example of a gambrel-roofed Colonial Revival three-decker. It was built as part of a wave of speculative development on the city's east side. It was built by Peter Baker owner of a local manufacturing company as well as numerous other nearby properties.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 St. Lucy's Church is a historic church at 19-26 Ruggiero Plaza in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Esplanade Hotel is a hotel located opposite Esplanade Park in Fremantle Western Australia. The building stands on the site of the first building used for housing convicts transported from Great Britain in 1850.
 Central United Methodist Church is a historic church at 378 Park Ave. West in Mansfield Ohio.It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 For other synagogues called Beth El see Temple Beth-El (disambiguation).Temple Beth-El is a Reform synagogue at 5 Old Mill Road in Great Neck New York. Founded in 1928 it is the oldest synagogue in Great Neck.The original Temple building was enlarged three times during the past 60 years. It went through drastic renovation due to a fire that burned down much of it down.Rabbi Jacob P. Rudin served as spiritual leader for four decades. As of 2009 it had a membership of 875 families.
 Alsvåg Church (Norwegian: Alsvåg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Alsvåg. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1923 and in 1949 it was consecrated as a church. It seats about 300 people.
 The Brampton Walk of Fame or Art Walk of Fame is an honours system to be located at the Rose Theatre Brampton in Ontario Canada. After its summer 2011 launch during an event promoting the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) Awards nothing more has been mentioned of the project. Initial inductees include one locally-residing singer (Nindy Kaur) one locally-residing music group (RDB) and an actress who lives in India and had not been to Brampton before the event (Bipasha Basu).
 Bryant Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at Ellicottville in Cattaraugus County New York. In 1821 Samuel Bryant set aside land to serve as the first cemetery at Ellicottville; the first burial was in 1824 and the last in 1901. Restoration of the cemetery began in 1970 and it became the property of the town of Ellicottville in 1976. It is the final resting site for many of the areas early New England settlers.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Ehlers Round Barn in Roca Nebraska was completed in 1924 by Harvey W. Ehlers. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its innovative and efficient architecture in 1995.A snowstorm on 4 February 2012 resulted in severe damage to the structure and it is purportedly beyond repair.
 The International Tehran Tower (Persian: برج بین‌المللی تهران‎) is a 56-story building in Tehran Iran. It is the tallest residential building in Iran. It is located North of Youssef Abad district close to Kordestan and Resalat Expressway.
 The Customs Museum (Chinese: 海關博物館; pinyin: Hǎiguān Bówùguǎn) is a museum concerning the customs service in Datong District Taipei Taiwan.
 Guelph City Hall is the seat of local government in Guelph Ontario Canada.Designed by Moriyama & Teshima Architects and completed in 2009 the new City Hall is located adjacent to the historic Old City Hall which itself is now serving as a Provincial Offences Courthouse. Prior to the construction of the new City Hall municipal departments had been spread across five different downtown locations.
 The Pressey House built in 1854 is an historic octagon house located at 287 Summer Street in Oakland Maine. On September 15 1977 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Visalia Town Center Post Office is a registered historic building on Acequia Avenue in downtown Visalia California. The Art Deco structure opened in 1933 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 due to its architectural and engineering significance. It remains in operation as a post office.
 Chacombe Priory (or Chalcombe Priory) was a priory of Augustinian canons at Chacombe Northamptonshire England.Hugh de Chacombe lord of the manor of Chacombe founded the priory in the reign of Henry II (1154–89). on low-lying land just west of the village close to the stream. Hugh de Chacombe gave the priory endowments including a yardland at South Newington.
 Casa del Herrero (also known as the Steedman Estate) is a home and gardens located in Montecito near Santa Barbara California. It is an estate designed and constructed in the Spanish Colonial Revival Style architecture. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and made a National Historic Landmark on January 16 2009.
 The 551st United States Air Force Hospital is a former hospital at Otis Air Force Base. With the closure of the base in 1973 the hospital closed. It was the site of the birth of Patrick Bouvier Kennedy. The hospital consisted of a series of connected one-story buildings. The buildings were torn down in the early 1970s.
 The Bank of Canada Building in Toronto Ontario Canada was one of the regional offices for the central bank. It was built in 1957 with vaults for gold and cash for banks in the Greater Toronto Area.
 North Fork Correctional Facility is a medium-security correctional facility for men located east of Sayre Beckham County Oklahoma.
 The Selling Building also known as the Oregon National Building is a building located in downtown Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hotel Mac is a historic hotel and restaurant that was built in 1911 and is located in Point Richmond.
 Steelton High School is a historic home located at Lower Swatara Township Dauphin County Pennsylvania. It was originally built in 1788 and is in the Georgian style.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.
 Skøelv Chapel (Norwegian: Skøelv kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Skøelva. The church is part of the Sørreisa parish in the Senja deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden chapel was built in 1966 and it was designed by Petter Bratli to seat about 100 people.
 St Richard's Church Ham is an Anglican church in Ashburnham Road Ham London.
 The Robert W. Gardner House in Quincy Illinois Adams County is designed in the Second Empire style (along with a few elements common to Italianate style) and found its place among the locales on the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 1979. Though the building was constructed in the later half of the 19th century 1873 the architect as well as the builder are unknown. The interior woodwork all original has been fully restored including the walnut staircase.
 St. Barbara's in Chicago (Polish: Kościół Świętej Barbary) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago located in Chicago Illinois at 2859 South Throop St.It is a prime example of the so-called Polish Cathedral style of churches in both its opulence and grand scale. Along with St. Mary of Perpetual Help it is one of two monumental religious edifices that dominate the Bridgeport neighborhood's skyline.
 The Bell Atlantic Tower is a 55-story high-rise located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Standing 739 ft (225 m) tall to its structural top the building encloses 1300000 square feet (120000 m2) of office space. The building designed by the Philadelphia-based architecture firm Kling Lindquist was completed in 1991.A city ordinance declared that no building within 250 feet (76 m) of the nearby Benjamin Franklin Parkway may rise taller than 250 feet (76 m).
 The Loving County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Mentone Texas. The courthouse was built in 1935 replacing a temporary courthouse since 1931. Architect Evan J. Wood designed the building in the Moderne style. The two-story courthouse is the tallest building in Loving County and the only symbol of county government in the county.As Loving County is the least populous county in the United States few court proceedings have taken place at the courthouse.
 St John the Evangelist's Church is the Anglican parish church of the Upper St Leonards area of St Leonards-on-Sea a town and seaside resort which is part of the Borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. The present building—a very impressive and beautifully detailed church in the Gothic Revival style with a landmark tower—combines parts of Arthur Blomfield's 1881 church wrecked during World War II and Harry Stuart Goodhart-Rendel's 1950s rebuild.
 The U.S. Courthouse Wichita Kansas is a historic post office courthouse and Federal office building located at Wichita in Sedgwick County Kansas. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Kansas.
 The New York State Inebriate Asylum later known as Binghamton State Hospital was the first institution designed and constructed to treat alcoholism as a mental disorder. Located in Binghamton NY its imposing Gothic Revival exterior was designed by New York architect Isaac G. Perry and construction was completed in 1864. In 1993 the main building was closed due to safety concerns.
 The Roman Catholic Parish Church of the Most Holy Trinity in Fulnek Czech Republic is a landmark in the town of Fulnek. Built in the 18th century Most Holy Trinity Church is architecturally and culturally significant as one of the most valuable baroque buildings of northeast Moravia.
 Pemzashen Church (Armenian: Պեմզաշեն Եկեղեցի) of the 7th century is located within the village of Pemzashen in the Shirak Province of Armenia just off of the main road through town. It sits adjacent to the foundations of a 5th-century basilica.
 The Winston Tower (formerly Wachovia Building) is a 410ft (125m) tall skyscraper in Winston-Salem North Carolina completed in 1966 with 29 floors. It was the tallest building in North Carolina until it was passed by Charlotte's Jefferson First Union Tower in 1971. After a 2003 renovation in which all 6033 windows were replaced with tinted glass to save energy the building received its current name. It has 436000 square feet (40500 square meters) of office space.
 Taylor House also known as Meadowview Farm and Taylor-Parke House is a historic home located in East Bradford Township Chester County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1768 and has three sections. The main section is 2 1/2-stories and constructed of fieldstone. It is four bays wide and has a gable roof. It has a 1 1/2-story stone kitchen wing and an attached stone shed.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Chappelle Administration Building on the campus of Allen University in Columbia South Carolina was designed by John Anderson Lankford known as the “dean of black architects.” The building name has been spelled Chapelle Administration Building in HABS and NPS reports.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History The building is topped by a round cupola with clock and chimes.
 Christ Church Glendower also known as Christ Church St. Anne's Parish is a historic Episcopal church located at Keene Albemarle County Virginia. It was built in 1831 and is a one-story temple form brick structure in the Roman Revival style. It features a full Doric order entabulature with pediments at each end containing lunette windows. Surrounding the church is a contributing cemetery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Franciscan Friary Winchester was a friary dedicated to St. Francis in Hampshire England. It was founded by Albert of Pisa in 1237 and dissolved in 1538. There are no remains but the location is thought to have been somewhere between Lower Brook Street and Middle Brook Street.
 The Oran Community Church was built in 1851. The architect was John Edson Sweet. It was built by Truman Little.
 The William H. Bliss Building is a historic apartment building at 26 Old Lincoln Street in Worcester Massachusetts. Built in 1888 the four story brick building is one of the few remnants of a once larger development of apartment blocks north of Lincoln Square; most of the other period apartment blocks in the area were demolished by highway development or urban renewal processes.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Copper Mountain Fire Lookout was built in 1934 in what was then the Glacier Ranger district of Mount Baker National Forest. The cabin-like wood frame lookout is a frame cabin with large windows on each side protected by an awning-style shutter. A shingled gable roof with prominent lightning rods covers the cabin. The lookout measures 14.25 feet (4.34 m) by 1425 feet (434 m) square.
 Kentland Farm Historic and Archeological District is a historic home archaeological site and national historic district located near Blacksburg Montgomery County Virginia. The district encompasses a complex of 19th century agricultural outbuildings associated with a Federal and Greek Revival style brick dwelling built 1834–1835.
 Immaculate Conception Catholic Church is a historic Catholic parish located at 1315 8th Street NW in Washington D.C.. The church school rectory and convent were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.The cornerstone of the original church located on a lot near the corner of 8th and N Streets Northwest took place on October 30 1864. Martin John Spalding Archbishop of Baltimore dedicated the new church on July 2 1865 the Feast of the Visitation (Christianity).
 The Hartford Building is a mid-rise skyscraper located in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA) and adjacent to DART's St. Paul Station.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in Stamford Connecticut is an historic church that was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as St. Andrew's Protestant Episcopal Church.Its church and parish hall are fine examples of Gothic architecture designed by Henry Hudson Holly.
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a historic church at 3 S. Randolph in San Angelo Texas.It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Garrott House is a historic house in Batesville Arkansas located at the corner of Sixth and Main Streets.
 Castle Apartments was a historic apartment building in Albuquerque New Mexico United States which was destroyed by fire in 2009. It was located on the southeast corner of 15th Street and Central Avenue roughly halfway between Downtown and Old Town. Built in 1922 it was a two-story U-shaped building with a central courtyard and 20 residential units ranging in size from 600 to 750 square feet.
 The Sofia Synagogue (Bulgarian: Софийска синагога Sofiyska sinagoga) is the largest synagogue in Southeastern Europe one of two functioning in Bulgaria (with the one in Plovdiv) and the third-largest in Europe.Constructed for the needs of the Bulgarian capital Sofia's mainly Sephardic Jewish community after a project by the Austrian architect Friedrich Grünanger it resembles the old Moorish Leopoldstädter Tempel in Vienna and was officially opened on 9 September 1909 in the presence of Tsar Ferdinand I of Bulgaria. 
 The Domon Ken Photography Museum (土門拳記念館 Domon Ken kinenkan) was opened in 1983 in Sakata Yamagata (Japan) the birthplace of the photographer Ken Domon.On the occasion of becoming the first honorary citizen of Sakata in 1974 Domon donated his entire collection of works to the town. This prompted the decision to build a museum in his honour.The museum has about 70000 prints of works by Domon.
 Iglesia de San Salvador (Fuentes) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 The William H. Grant House is a historic house in Middleport Ohio United States. One of the area's earliest concrete houses it has been designated a historic site.Built in 1855 the house is constructed of concrete on a foundation of sandstone and topped with a metal roof. Two stories tall the house is rectangular with a small frame addition to the rear which was built about ten years after the original part of the house. Born in 1820 William H.
 The Mosque in Sendling Munich Germany is situated on Schanzenbachstraße. The mosque has existed there since 1989 as an Islamic prayer house mainly for Turkish Muslims.
 The Jamaica Pegasus Hotel is a hotel in Kingston Jamaica located at 81 Knutsford Boulevard in the financial and business district of the city. A noted landmark the hotel is 17 stories high.The hotel which was built in 1973 is also a notable location for conferences and meetings exhibitions and weddings and anniversaries. The hotel has 9 conference rooms for these events. The hotel is also affiliated with American Airlines.The hotel has a number of special deluxe suites.
 The Justice Court Building is a historic court and municipal building located in Glen Cove in Nassau County New York. Built for the city between 1907 and 1909 it was designed by the noted architect Stephen Francis Voorhees (1878–1965). The 3-story rectangular red brick building has a steeply pitched roof covered with green clay tile. A 1 1⁄2-story rear addition was built in 1923 used for some time as a jail.
 Profilo Shopping Center opened in 1997 is a modern shopping mall located in the business quarter of Mecidiyeköy in Istanbul Turkey.
 One Chase Manhattan Plaza is a banking skyscraper located in the downtown Manhattan Financial District of New York City between Pine Liberty Nassau and William Streets. Construction on the building was completed in 1961.
 The Church of St Peter at Hornblotton in the parish of West Bradley Somerset England was built in 1872–74 by Sir Thomas Graham Jackson for the rector Godfrey Thring replacing a medieval church on the same site.
 Elmwood is a house in or near Grafton North Dakota that was built in 1895 in Late Victorian architecture. It is located in an oxbow of the Park River. It has also been known as Williamson House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included two contributing buildings.It was built by C.A.M. Spencer who was North Dakota's second Attorney General.
 Culbertson-Harbison Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Greene Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. The house was built between 1798 and 1800 and is a two-story five bay limestone dwelling in the Federal style. It has a two-story three bay stone addition built between 1820 and 1840. Attached to the addition is a frame kitchen addition and brick smokehouse.
 Fort Knox now Fort Knox State Park or Fort Knox State Historic Site in Maine was built from 1844-1869. It is located on the western bank of the Penobscot River in the town of Prospect Maine about 5 miles (8.0 km) from the mouth of the river. It was the first fort in Maine built of granite (instead of wood). It is named after Henry Knox the first US Secretary of War who at the end of his life lived not far away in Thomaston Maine.
 The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Freight House is located in Cohoes New York. The freight house was built in 1910 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 20 1998.
 The Keating House at 208 South Liberty Street in Centreville Maryland is a Federal style house built circa 1806-1809 by Ebenezer Covington. The interior is particularly well-preserved.
 The Reuel E. Smith House also known as The Cove located at 28 West Lake Street in Skaneateles New York is a picturesque house designed by Alexander Jackson Davis. It was built during 1848-1852 and is a good example of the Gothic Revival mode which was a reaction against the stringencies of the Greek Revival style.
 The Ss. Stimmate di San Francesco (Church of the Holy Stigmata of St. Francis) is a church in central Rome Italy in the Rione Pigna sited where previously there was a church called Ss. Quaranta Martiri de Calcarario. It is located on via dei Cestari near corner with Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and across the street and diagonal from the Largo di Torre Argentina.A first church in the place was consecrated in 1297.
 The Elliot–Harris–Miner House is an historic house located at 1406 Old Louisquisset Pike in Lincoln Rhode Island.The house was constructed in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1984.
 The Protestant church of Dearsum or Saint Nicholas church is a religious building in Dearsum Netherlands one of medieval churches in Friesland. It is a Romanesque church from c. 1200 with a 13th-century tower build out of red brick. In the 16th century four large windows where added to the south side.
 The church of San Gaetano is an ancient church located on Via Calegari at the intersection of Via Monti in Brescia. By the 1600s it became attached to priests of the order of St. Phillip Neri under whom it was known as Santa Maria della Purificazione. In 1691 it was acquired by the Theatine order and the named was changed to San Gaetano the founder of their order. In the late 1800s the church was transferred to the Franciscan order with whom it is still associated.
 The Green Memorial Hospital is a non-profit hospital in Manipay Sri Lanka. It was founded by Dr Samuel Fisk Green in 1848. It is a charitable hospital run by Jaffna Diocese of the Church of South India (JDCSI). This hospital was first medical school in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and was used by Dr. Green to train more than 60 locals as doctors during his 30 year tenure in Ceylon as part of the American Ceylon Mission.
 The Fireproof Building also known as County Records Building is located at 100 Meeting Street Charleston South Carolina. It was designed by Robert Mills and constructed by John G. Spindle. It was completed by 1827. At that time it was the most completely fire-resistant building in America and it is believed to be the oldest fire-resistant building in America today. The building is in the Palladian style with Doric porticoes north and south.
 The Flieger-Flab-Museum (English: Swiss Air Force Museum) is located in the Canton of Zurich in Dübendorf on the grounds of the military airport.
 Jumeirah Creekside Park is a group of two towers in Dubai Healthcare City in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers are Jumeirah Creekside Park Residence and Jumeirah Creekside Park Hotel. Jumeirah Al Khor Residence is the taller of the two with 43 floors standing at 172 metres (564 ft). The other tower has a height of 140 metres (460 ft) with 35 floors.
 Karlberg Palace is a palace by the Karlberg Canal on the border of Stockholm in Solna. The palace built in 1630 and the oldest in Solna municipality today houses the Military Academy Karlberg.In the park are found among other things a temple of Diana (originally dedicated to Neptune) and the burial site of Pompe the dog of King Charles XII.Notwithstanding the palace remain a military institution the park is accessible to the public and is open 06-22 daily.
 All Saints Church Haggerston also Church of All Saints is an Anglican church in Livermere Road near the junction with Haggerston Road in Hackney north east London. It is part of a parish with Holy Trinity Church and St Philip Dalston (demolished after bombing in World War II).
 Garbutt House is a 20-room mansion in the Silver Lake section of Los Angeles built from 1926 to 1928 as the residence of Frank A. Garbutt. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Dahlgreen Courts is an historic structure located in the Brookland neighborhood in the Northeast quadrant of Washington D.C. The complex is made up of two buildings that contain 96 units. They were designed by George Santmyers and they were completed in stages between 1927 and 1929. The complex was listed on both the DC Inventory of Historic Sites and on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 All Saints' Church or Stand Church is an active Anglican parish church in Stand Whitefield Greater Manchester England. It is in the deanery of Radcliffe and Prestwich the archdeaconry of Bolton and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Tokyo Opera City Tower (東京オペラシティ Tōkyō Opera Shiti) is a skyscraper located in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. Completed in 1996 it stands 234 metres (768 feet) high and has 54 floors; it is the third-tallest building in Shinjuku and seventh-tallest in Tokyo. The closest train station to Opera City is Hatsudai.The building houses the New National Theater in its lower levels.
 Le Chevalier is a former restaurant located in Delft in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the periods 1980-1989.Cees Helder was head chef from 1980 to 1984.
 St. Nicholas' Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Osgood Ohio United States. Built in the first years of the 20th century it houses one of the newest parishes in a heavily Catholic region of far western Ohio but it has been recognized as a historic site for its architecture.
 Peebles Hydro is an early 20th-century four-star country house hotel and spa resort in Peebles in the Scottish Borders at the south of Scotland. It is one of two hydro hotels left in Scotland the other being at Crieff.Peebles Hydro was opened by the Hydropathic Company in 1881 to provide water cures and hydrotherapy remedies (pain-relief and treating illness) to guests.
 The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church located at 74 West Main Street in Waterbury Connecticut. The parish traces its roots to November 1 1847 when a group of Catholics in the area under the leadership of pastor Father Michael O’Neil purchased a former Episcopal church and dedicated the parish to St. Peter. The group previously rented Washington Hall at West Main Street and Exchange Place.
 La Belle Iron Works also known as La Belle Cut Nail Works is a historic factory complex and national historic district located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The district includes four contributing buildings; three Italianate style brick buildings dated to the founding of the company in 1852 and a tin plate mill built 1894-1897.
 John W. Lide House also known as Atkinson House is a historic home located at Springville Darlington County South Carolina. It was built about 1830-1840 and is a two-story rectangular central-hall four-over-four plan frame residence with a low-pitched hip roof. The house has two massive stuccoed brick interior chimneys. Exterior sheathing is of weatherboard and the foundation is brick piers with brick fill.
 Église Unie St-Marc (St. Mark United Church) is a small but historic church in Ottawa Canada. It is the main church for francophone Protestants in the Ottawa Gatineau region. French speaking Protestants are a very small minority in Canada but one with a history dating back to early Huguenot settlers.
 The Aaron A. Sargent House was built prior to 1856 and is located in Nevada City California at 449 Broad Street. Its architecture and engineering were significant during the periods of 1850-1874 1875–1899 1900-1924. The single family home is an Italianate Style Victorian design.
 PVN Tower is a proposed skyscraper project that will be built in Hanoi Vietnam. The Ocean Bank and Petrovietnam Construction Corporation publicly declared this project on May 7 2010 in Hanoi. It will be a 102-story tower and is expected to be the tallest building in Vietnam. The estimated investment cost will be more than $ 1 billion.
 The Hudson River State Hospital is a former New York state psychiatric hospital which operated from 1873 until its closure in the early 2000s. The campus is notable for its main building known as a Kirkbride which has been designated a National Historic Landmark due to its exemplary High Victorian Gothic architecture the first use of that style for an American institutional building. It is located on US 9 on the Poughkeepsie-Hyde Park town line.
 St Margaret's Church is an Anglican church in Rottingdean in the English city of Brighton and Hove. It is the parish church of the previously separate village of Rottingdean which became part of the former Borough of Brighton in 1928. Parts of the structure date from the 13th century and it is a Grade II* listed building.
 Naval Station Pearl Harbor is a United States military facility adjacent to Honolulu Hawaii. In 2010 along with the United States Air Force's Hickam Air Force Base the facility was merged to form Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam.Pearl Harbor is the headquarters of the United States Pacific Fleet. The attack on Pearl Harbor by the Empire of Japan on Sunday 7 December 1941 brought the United States into World War II.
 St Peter's Church Rylstone is located in the village of Rylstone North Yorkshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Skipton the archdeaconry of Craven and the Diocese of Leeds. Its benefice is united with that of St Wilfrid Burnsall. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Vienna Public Library also known as Vienna Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located at 401 Poplar St. in Vienna Illinois. The library was built in 1911 through a $5000 grant from the Carnegie Foundation. The brick building designed by local architect Thomas Clymer features a tall flight of stairs leading to the front entrance; two pilasters flank the staircase.
 The Museo de la Masacre de Ponce (the Ponce Massacre Museum) is a museum and historic building in Ponce Puerto Rico. It depicts the history and events surrounding the Ponce Massacre which occurred in broad daylight on Palm Sunday in 1937. The museum is housed inside the building where the event itself occurred with one of its sections devoted to the Nationalist leader Pedro Albizu Campos.
 Trakai Island Castle (Lithuanian: Trakų salos pilis) is an island castle located in Trakai Lithuania on an island in Lake Galvė. The castle is sometimes referred to as Little Marienburg. The construction of the stone castle was begun in the 14th century by Kęstutis and around 1409 major works were completed by his son Vytautas the Great who died in this castle in 1430. Trakai was one of the main centres of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the castle held great strategic importance.
 Watkins Point Farm also known as the James L. Horsey Farm and John T. Adams Farm is a historic home located at Marion Station Somerset County Maryland. It is a three-part frame and sawn log dwelling. The one-room plan sawn log house was erected around 1780-90 and is extended to the west by a single-story mid-19th century hyphen that connects the two-story transverse-hall plan main block erected around 1850. The interiors retain large portions of original woodwork.
 Aquone (pronounced uh-KWAN-nee) is the home in Johnson City Tennessee where Samuel Cole Williams noted Tennessee jurist and historian lived in retirement. The home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Aquone was built in 1925. It is a 2-1/2-story brick structure in the Colonial Revival style. Leland Cardwell a Johnson City architect designed the house modeling it after the design of an unidentified Colonial mansion built in Maryland in 1748.
 Parrott Hall also known as Denton House or Denton Place is a historic home located at Geneva in Ontario County New York. It was built in 1850 and consists of a three story main block and two story addition in the Italianate villa style. In 1882 the property was acquired by New York State as an agricultural experiment station known as the Geneva Experiment Station now operated by Cornell University.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 Douglas House is an early 18th-century Queen Anne style house in Petersham London now the site of the German School London.
 Bethesda Presbyterian Church is a church in McConnells South Carolina that was built in 1820. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.According to the South Carolina Department of Archives and History One of the oldest churches in the South Carolina Upcountry Bethesda Presbyterian Church is also one of the four original Presbyterian churches in the state’s old York District.
 The Lakeshore General Hospital (Hôpital général du Lakeshore) is a Canadian acute care institution located in Pointe-Claire Quebec a suburban municipality near Montreal. The hospital employs 1200 employees and contains 257 beds and serves an estimated population of 377000 in the West Island region of Montreal.The LGH is situated close to major highway arteries such as Highways 13 20 40 and 520 and is often called upon to treat and stabilize accident victims.
 The Whitby Mansion is a historic mansion in Sidney Ohio United States. Built in 1890 it was originally the home of W.H.C. Goode a Sidney industrialist. Descended from one of the First Families of Virginia Goode first purchased property in the vicinity of Sidney in 1849. Having gained complete ownership of the leading steel scraper manufacturing company in the United States in 1877 Goode began to build his mansion on Sidney's northern side in the late 1880s.
 Knickerbocker Field Club was an historic tennis clubhouse located in Flatbush Brooklyn New York New York. It was built in 1892 and was the sole surviving building associated with the Tennis Court development until 1988 when it was partially destroyed by fire. It was razed in 1992 with the approval of the Landmark Preservation Commission due to lack of funds for restoration.It was a long two story Colonial Revival style building sheathed in clapboard and shingles.
 Col. John Work House is a historic home located at Montgomery Township in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1775 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay limestone dwelling with a moderately pitched gable roof. It represents the typical home of a prosperous late-18th century central Pennsylvania farmer.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Royal Church of San Lorenzo is a Baroque style church in Turin adjacent to the Royal Palace of Turin. The present church was designed and built by Guarino Guarini during 1668-1687.
 St Mark's Battersea Rise is a Victorian Grade II* listed Anglican church located in Clapham Junction in London England. The church was designed by William White and built between 1872 and 1874 in a Geometric Middle-pointed 13th Century Gothic style using yellow bricks with red brick dressings and diapering. Inside the nave comprises four bays with north aisles a tower at the south-west corner supporting a wooden belfy and a shingled spire.
 Grove–Linden–St. John's Historic District is a national historic district in Ridgewood Queens New York. It includes 51 contributing buildings built between 1908 and 1910. They consist of three story brick tenements with two apartments per floor. There are also a number of two- and three-story row houses with one apartment per floor. The buildings feature Romanesque Revival style detailing.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Capt. Joseph Gould House is a historic First Period house at 129 Washington Street in Topsfield Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story frame house that is six bays wide and two rooms deep. The oldest part of the house the eastern three bays may have been built in the late 17th century; it achieved the present footprint with an addition in the early 18th century of the western bays.
 Lomax African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion church located at 2704 24th Rd. South in Arlington Virginia. It was built in 1922 and is a one story three bay by six bay brick church building on a parged concrete foundation. It features two unequal-sized crenellated towers and brick buttresses along the facade and side elevations in the Late Gothic Revival style.
 The Ira Remsen House was the home of Johns Hopkins University president Ira Remsen from 1901 to 1925. The house is a typical Baltimore row house of no particular architectural distinction. It is primarily notable for its association with Remsen a noted chemist.The house is a three story brick row house built in the 1880s. Remsen lived there from 1901 when he became president of Johns Hopkins University until about 1925.
 SM Seaside City Cebu is shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings located in Cebu City Philippines. It is expected to open in 2015. SM Seaside City Cebu will be SM's third mall in Cebu and 52nd mall in the Philippines.
 The Rush Creek Covered Bridge is north of Rockville Indiana. The single span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by William Hendricks in 1904. The bridge is 97 feet (30 m) long 16 feet (4.9 m) wide and 12.5 feet (3.8 m) high.
 The Hotel Tuller once stood at Adams Avenue West Bagley Street and Park Avenue across from Grand Circus Park in downtown Detroit Michigan. It was one of the largest luxury hotels in Detroit and the first one to be erected in the Grand Circus Park Historic District.
 Also known as Temara secret detention center (Arabic: معتقل تمارة السري‎) is an extrajudicial detainment and secret prison facility of Morocco located within a forested area about 15 kilometres from Rabat Morocco.
 Citypark Albania is a shopping mall in Albania. located along the Durrës – Tirana highway.
 The Wells Fargo Tower is a 34 story 454 foot (138 meter) tall office building located in Birmingham Alabama. Built in 1986 as the corporate headquarters for SouthTrust Corporation the building was originally known as the SouthTrust Tower until 2005 when SouthTrust completed its merger with Wachovia and was known as the Wachovia Tower.
 The Ogunquit Museum of American Art (OMAA) is a small art museum. It sits on three acres on the coast of Ogunquit Maine at 543 Shore Road and houses over 1600 pieces in its permanent collection. It is the only museum in Maine devoted solely to American art.
 AT&T Building is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was opened in 1932 and is 22 stories tall. It is primarily used for office space and is the headquarters for AT&T in Indiana. The AT&T Building is connected with the AT&T 220 Building which is located just to the south. The building has been expanded and has achieved its present form only after a few iterations. The headquarters building previously at this site completed in 1907 was moved in 1930 to make way for the new construction.
 The Indian Canyon Ranger Station in the Duchesne Ranger District Ashley National Forest in Duchesne County Utah near Duchesne was built in 1914. It was a work of the U.S. Forest Service and is a wood-framed guard station.
 The Terrell-Reuss Streets Historic District is a 65-acre (26 ha) historic district in Cuero Texas. It includes works of significance from 1883 on. It includes works by Jules Leffland and other architects. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988; the listing included 63 contributing buildings.
 McClung's Price Place also known as Hillyrock Farm is a historic home and farm located at Lewisburg Kanawha County West Virginia. The farm has been in continued operation since the early 1800s. During the occupancy of A.P. McClung the original four room utilitarian log cabin was enlarged to an eight room house. The property includes barns and other contributing outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Epworth Hall is a historic assembly hall located in Castile township in Wyoming County New York. It was built in 1892 in the Colonial Revival style and is the largest of three such halls on the grounds of the Silver Lake Institute a Methodist-affiliated camp facility established in 1873. The two story 100 feet by 50 feet multi-purpose building exhibits elements of the Akron Plan in its interior layout.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Lockefield Gardens was the first public housing built in Indianapolis. Built during the years of 1935 to 1938 it was built exclusively for low income blacks in Indianapolis. The complex was closed in 1976 and a number of structures were demolished in the early 1980s. Today the only original structures remaining are those along Blake Street.
 John Greenleaf Whittier School is a historic school building located in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by architect Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1913. It is a three-story brick-faced reinforced concrete building five bays wide with terra cotta trim. It has a Classical Revival-style entrance surround with entabulature. It is named for John Greenleaf Whittier (1807-1892).It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Karapitiya Teaching Hospital located in Karapitiya Galle is the largest Tertiary care centre in the Southern Province of Sri Lanka. It was established in 1982 and is the main training facility for the Faculty of Medicine University of Ruhuna. The hospital consist of 1624 beds 54 wards and several other units.
 SM Mall of Asia is a shopping mall in Bay City Pasay Philippines near the SM Central Business Park the Manila Bay and the southern end of Epifanio de los Santos Avenue.Owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings the largest mall chain owner and developer in the Philippines it has a land area of 42 hectares a gross floor area of approximately 406962 square metres (4.38050×10^6 sq ft) and attracts a daily average foot traffic of about 200000 people.It is the 11th largest shopping mall in the world in terms of gross leasable area. 
 The Joseph Story House is located at 26 Winter Street in the Salem Common Historic District Salem Massachusetts The house was built in 1811 for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Alvord I. Smith House is located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate style residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983.
 Palazzo Madama is a palace in Rome that is the home of the Senate of the Italian Republic.It was built atop the ruins of the ancient baths of Nero next to Piazza Navona. The terrain had been acquired in the Middle Ages by the monks of the Abbey of Farfa who later ceded it to France.The new building was begun at the end of the 15th century and completed in 1505 for the Medici family.
 The Indian Museum (Bengali: ভারতীয় জাদুঘর) is the largest and oldest museum in India and has rare collections of antiques armour and ornaments fossils skeletons mummies and Mughal paintings. It was founded by the Asiatic Society of Bengal in Kolkata (Calcutta) India in 1814.
 The Foster S. Dennis House is a Queen Anne style house located in Kingman Arizona. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Broadway Mall is a large shopping mall located in Hicksville New York United States. Originally an open-air shopping center called the Mid-Island Shopping Plaza Broadway Mall is currently a regional enclosed shopping center comprising more than 85 stores as well as a food court and movie theater. Anchor stores at the mall are IKEA Macy's and Target.
 Lewis and Harriet Hayden House was the home of African-American abolitionists who had escaped from slavery in Kentucky; it is located in Beacon Hill Boston. They maintained the home as a stop on the Underground Railroad and the Haydens were visited by Harriet Beecher Stowe as research for her book Uncle Tom's Cabin (1852).
 The Northern Tower — one of the smallest buildings of the MIBC located on plot 19. The Northern Tower was built by Strabag SE. The construction completed in 2007 year.The height of the building is 108 m floor area — 135 000 м². In the tower there are office suites restaurants cafe fitness centre and parking space.
 The Shriners Hospital for Children is a 29-bed non-profit pediatric hospital located in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. It specializes in orthopaedics cleft lip and palate disorders as part of the 22-hospital system belonging to the Shriners Hospitals for Children. Established in 1923 the current campus opened in 1983. The hospital is located on the Oregon Health and Science University campus and is active in the research and development of new technology.
 Koberg Castle is a castle in Västergötland Sweden. It is located near the lake Vanderydsvattnet about 10 km south of Trollhättan. It is the residence of Princess Désirée Baroness Silfverschiöld and her husband Baron Nicklas Silfverschiöld.
 The Methodist Church Weaverham is an active Methodist church located in Forest Street Weaverham Cheshire England. It is in the Northwich and Winsford Circuit of the Chester and Stoke District. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 San Felipe de Neri Church is a historic Catholic church located on the north side of Old Town Plaza in Albuquerque New Mexico. Built in 1793 it is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the city. Originally Don Francisco Cuervo y Valdez named the church San Francisco Xavier after the Viceroy of New Spain. Shortly afterward The Duke of Albuquerque changed the name to San Felipe after the King Philip of Spain.
 Gladden Windmill is an historic windmill formerly located on Pigeon Valley Road in Napoli Cattaraugus County New York. The windmill was built in 1890 and is a well preserved example of a vertical wind turbine built during the 19th century. Although no longer operational the turbine (and associated mill structure) is a rare example of wind power technology in the United States.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art Shanghai (MOCA Shanghai) (上海当代艺术馆) is a contemporary art museum in the city of Shanghai China. It is located within People's Park north of People's Square the location of a former racecourse that now holds the central administrative building and museums of Shanghai. Surrounding buildings include the Municipal Government Headquarters the Shanghai Grand Theatre the Shanghai Art Museum and the Shanghai Museum.
 St. Paul Baptist Church—Morehead School is a historic church and school in Kinder Louisiana.It was built in 1919 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 Bridge in Albany Township also known as Trexler Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Albany Township in Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a multiple span 100-foot-long (30 m) stone arch bridge with three spans constructed in 1841. It crosses Maiden Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is located in the Trexler Historic District.
 Mall of Memphis was a shopping mall in Memphis Tennessee containing 885627 sq ft (82277.4 m2) of retail space and 5564 parking spaces. The mall opened October 7 1981 was closed December 24 2003 and was demolished in 2004. Among other things the mall was home to the Ice Chalet Memphis's only public ice rink.
 Hazelwood is a historic home located outside Upper Marlboro Prince George's County Maryland United States. The home is a large asymmetrical frame dwelling built in three discrete sections over a long period of time. They are: a low gambrel-roofed section dating from the 18th century about 1770; a gable-roofed Federal-style dwelling dating from the very early 19th century; and a tall gable-front Italianate-style central section constructed about 1860.
 Chatswood Chase is a large upscale shopping centre in Sydney's North Shore suburb of Chatswood. It is located at the eastern edge of the Chatswood CBD on Victoria Ave. The centre features a major 3 level David Jones department store Kmart Coles Supermarket Harvey Norman plus over 120 specialty stores most of them upmarket and fashion oriented.
 Sudbrook Park is a historic neighborhood near Pikesville Maryland located just northwest of the Baltimore City limits in Baltimore County.The community dates to 1889 when it was designed by American landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted Sr. (1822–1903) and developed by the Sudbrook Company.
 The Boone Hall Plantation and Gardens is an antebellum plantation located in Mount Pleasant South Carolina and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The plantation includes a large Colonial Revival plantation house (1933–35) that replaces the lost original house on the site a number of slave cabins (which were occupied by sharecroppers well into the 20th century) several flower gardens and the historic Avenue of Oaks: a nearly one-mile (1.6 km) drive up to the house with live oaks on either side originally planted in 1743. 
 The Bank of Onslow and the Jacksonville Masonic Temple are two adjoining historic buildings located at 214 and 216 Old Bridge Street in Jacksonville North Carolina. The buildings are in the Beaux Arts architecture and Tudor Revival architecture and were constructed in 1916 and 1919 respectively. They were jointly listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.The Masonic Temple was originally constructed by La Fayette Lodge No. 83 A. F. & A. M.
 The Pavilions is an indoor shopping mall located in Uxbridge in the London Borough of Hillingdon northwest London England. It is owned and operated by LaSalle Investment Management. It was opened in 1973 and refurbished in 1985 and has previously been known as the Pavilions Shopping Centre and before that The Cedars Shopping Centre.[citation needed] Between 2005 and 2013 the centre was known as The Mall Pavilions while under the ownership of The Mall Fund.
 The Dorsey Building was a historic commercial building in Lima Ohio United States. Located along South Main Street in the city's downtown it was built in a transitional style of architecture in 1899. Among its most distinguishing features was elaborate stonework which was deemed equal to that of the adjacent Linneman Building and superior to that of all other Lima buildings.
 The Pennsylvania Railroad Freight Station also called the Chartiers Valley Railway Freight Station is a historic former train station building in Washington Pennsylvania. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 21 1995.It is designated as a historic public landmark by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Cambridge Grant Historic District (or Russell Hill) is a 322-acre (1.30 km2) historic district located on 205-287 Russell Hill Road and 15 Wilker Road in Ashburnham Massachusetts at an elevation of 1240–1300 feet above sea level. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Mo Church (Norwegian: Mo kirke) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located in the village of Mo in the upper Surnadalen valley. The church is part of the Mo parish in the Indre Nordmøre deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church is one of five Y-shaped churches in Norway. The red wooden church was built in 1728 and the unique design came from the architect Erik Holten.
 The Serbian Museum of Corfu (Serbian: Српска кућа) is a museum in Corfu Greece. It houses rare exhibits about the Serbian soldiers' tragic fate during the First World War. The remnants of the Serbian Army of about 150000 soldiers together with their government in exile found refuge and shelter in Corfu following the collapse of the Serbian Front as a result of the Austro-Hungarian attack of the 6 October 1915.
 The Grace Gospel Chapel is an LGBT friendly Evangelical Christian church located in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle Washington. The church was founded ca. 1977 by Vic Van Campen.
 Buckingham Hotel later the Ambassador Hotel was an upmarket hotel which existed in St. Louis Missouri United States in the early twentieth century. It was located on the northeast corner of Kingshighway and West Pine Boulevards. Built in 1904 to accommodate World's Fair visitors it was subsequently known as the Ambassador Hotel which was gutted by fire in 1971 and razed in 1973.
 St Wilfrid's Church is an Anglican church in the village of Ribchester in Lancashire England that is situated close to the site of a Roman fort. It is an active parish church in the Diocese of Blackburn. It has been designated a Grade I listed building by English Heritage.
 Brown Tobacco Warehouse is located in Louisville Kentucky. It was built in 1892 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 8 1983.
 for the state prison in Missouri see Crossroads Correctional CenterCrossroads Correctional Facility is prison for men located in unincorporated Toole County Montana just west of Shelby. The facility is privately operated by the Corrections Corporation of America. It is the only private prison in the state.The facility houses detainees under contract with the Montana Department of Corrections and the United States Marshals Service.
 El Quartelejo or El Cuartelejo (from Spanish cuartelejo meaning far quarter or district) is the name given to the archeological remains of the northernmost Indian pueblo and the only known pueblo in Kansas. Located in Lake Scott State Park the remains of the stone and adobe pueblo are situated north of Scott City Kansas on Ladder Creek.There are two possibilities for the origin of El Quartelejo.
 The Trammell & Margaret Crow Collection of Asian Art is a museum dedicated to the arts and cultures of China Japan India and Southeast Asia located in downtown Dallas Texas (USA).The Crow Collection opened to the public on December 5 1998 as a gift to the people and visitors of Dallas from Mr. and Mrs. Trammell Crow.The museum is a member of the Dallas arts district.
 The Black Watch Armoury is a Scottish baronial-style armoury in Montreal completed in 1906 to house the 5th Regiment Royal Highlanders of Canada (now the Black Watch (Royal Highland Regiment) of Canada). Designed by Samuel Arnold Finley and David Jerome Spence the armoury was declared a National Historic Site of Canada in 2008.
 Christ Church Sparkbrook was a Church of England building in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 Mount Hebron Cemetery and Gatehouse is a historic cemetery and gate house located at Winchester Virginia. The cemetery was established in 1844 on two older churchyards. Expanded in 1866 to include Stonewall Cemetery for 2576 Confederate war dead. Iron fence added in 1891 and the Chateauesque style limestone gatehouse for superintendent added in 1902.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Jacob Wirth Restaurant is a historic German-American restaurant and bar in Boston Massachusetts at 31-39 Stuart Street. Founded in 1868 Jacob Wirth is one of the oldest restaurants in Boston.The Greek Revival building housing the restaurant was constructed in 1844. The German style restaurant was founded in 1868 and is the second oldest continuously operating restaurant in the city after the Union Oyster House.
 The Stockbridge Casino is a historic building now at East Main Street at Yale Hill Road in Stockbridge Massachusetts. Designed by Stanford White the casino was built in 1887 on Main Street at the base of Prospect Hill and for many years was a popular recreational and social attraction (according to older usages of the word casino it was not necessarily a gambling establishment).
 Garrison Petawawa is a located in Petawawa Ontario. It is operated as an army base by the Canadian Army.
 Simcoe Place stands in Toronto Canada at 148 metres (486 feet) with 33 floors and completed by Carlos A Ott and NORR in 1995. The late-Modernist building was built by developer Cadillac Fairview.
 The A.C. Trumbo House (1321 West Broadway) is a house in Muskogee Oklahoma United States built in 1906 for Arthur C. Trumbo as a replica of one of Mark Twain's houses and is on the National Register of Historic Places. The plot was originally in Creek Indian territory before it was incorporated into Oklahoma in November 1907.
 The Bedford Plantation is a historic Southern plantation in Natchez Adams County Mississippi.
 The church of Santa Maria in Araceli is a late-Baroque style church built in the late 17th century in Vicenza according to designs attributed to Guarino Guarini.Documents first take note of a church at the site dating from 1241. They refer to a church of Santa Maria in the area that stood near a convent. This convent which in 1277 belonged to the Clarisse Nuns was called Santa Maria ad Cellam (referring to the nun's rooms).
 The Charles Williams Jr. House built in 1858 is a historic house at 1 Arlington Street in Somerville Massachusetts. Charles Williams Jr. was a manufacturer of electrical telegraph instruments at 109 Court Street in Boston. Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas A. Watson experimented with the telephone in Williams' shop and it was there that they first heard indistinct sounds transmitted on June 2 1875.
 Motley Slough Bridge is a small bridge designated a Mississippi Landmark and on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places located in Lowndes County Mississippi. It is a single span iron Pratt pony truss bridge built in 1920. It embodies the distinctive characteristics of a type period or method of construction..The bridge is located about 1/4 mile southwest of US Route 45 on Shaeffers Chapel Road. The eastern approach is overseen by the Motley Slough Dragon.
 The Colorado Street Bridge also known as Bridge No. L-8803 is a masonry and brick arch bridge in Saint Paul Minnesota's West Side neighborhood. It is 58 feet (18 m) wide and consists of a single oblique span of 70 feet 6 inches (21.49 m) that was built with the arch courses running parallel to the abutments leading to a weaker structure than other skew arch construction methods known as a false skew arch. It was designed in 1888 by Andreas W.
 One Judiciary Square is a highrise office building at 441 Fourth Street NW in the Judiciary Square neighborhood of Washington D.C. Designed by architect Vlastimil Koubek the building is 129.67 feet (39.52 m) tall and has approximately 10 floors. Its construction ended in 1990.Between 1992 and 1999 One Judiciary Square housed the offices of the mayor and Council of the District of Columbia while repairs were made to the historic John A. Wilson Building.
 St. Anthony's Medical Center St. Louis Missouri is the third-largest medical center in Greater St. Louis. It serves families in the city and county of St. Louis as well as Jefferson County Franklin County Saint Francois County Sainte Genevieve County and Washington County in Missouri along with Monroe Randolph and St. Clair counties in Illinois. In addition St. Anthony’s operates four urgent care facilities located in Arnold Fenton Lemay and Big Bend in Crestwood.St.
 The Manchester Apartments is an apartment building located at 2016 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Frank D. Layman Memorial is a historic monument located at Hunter in Greene County New York. It was erected in 1901 to commemorate Frank D. Layman who died on the site of the memorial on August 10 1900 while fighting a forest fire. It is pyramidal in shape four sided and rises upward from a base approximately seven feet in diameter to approximately 11 feet.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Warisan Merdeka (English: Heritage of Independence) is a 1957 ft (596 m) 118-storey skyscraper proposed to be built in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia with a budget of RM5 billion. When completed in 2018 it will be the tallest building in Malaysia succeeding the Petronas Twin Towers which has 88 stories.It is planned to be constructed within the vicinity of Plaza Rakyat MBSKL Merdeka Stadium and Stadium Negara. The project will be funded by Permodalan Nasional Berhad (PNB).
 Hedges-Lemen House also known as Fort Hill is a historic home located near Hedgesville Berkeley County West Virginia. It is a two story gable roof limestone dwelling with a central block and wing. The central block was built in 1748 by Joshua Hedges as an Indian fort named Fort Hill; the wing was added in 1792. It measures 36 feet wide by 30 feet deep and the wing measures 30 feet wide by 28 feet deep. Also on the property is a stone barn (c.
 The George Hopkinson House is a historic colonial First Period house at 362 Main Street in Groveland Massachusetts. Built c. 1716 it is a rare surviving single cell house from the period. Most First Period houses were built in their first stage as a chimney section and a two story section to one side with one room on each floor and were later extended with additional rooms on the other side of the chimney giving colonial rooms their characteristic five bay appearance.
 The Thompson Cottage also called the James Marshall Cottage was a tenant farmer's house built by James Marshall about the time of the American Revolution. It is located in Concord Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. A free black Thomas Thompson bought the house and 2 acres in 1847. He and his descendants lived there until 1971. It is an excellent example of an unaltered eighteenth century tenant farmer's homestead.
 The Upper Worthington Historic District of Springfield Massachusetts encompasses a collection of visually cohesive residential apartment blocks dating to the first three decades of the 20th century. It is centered on a portion of Worthington Street a major east-west road in the city between Armory Street and Summit Street and includes 33 buildings on those three streets as well as Federal and Taylor Streets near their junctions with either Worthington or Federal.
 Hertlein and Schlatter Silk Trimmings Factory is a historic factory building located in the Mott Haven section of The Bronx New York New York. The original building was built in 1887 and expanded in 1892 and 1910-1911. It is a five story brick building 14 bays long. A six story extension was built in 1904-1905. It originally housed a silk trimming supplier. After 1935 it housed the Hygrade Casket Corporation until about 1982.
 Lyon Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Lyon) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint John the Baptist in Lyon France. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Lyon.
 The Archaeological Museum of Milan (Civico Museo Archeologico di Milano in Italian) is located in the ex-convent of the Monastero Maggiore alongside the ancient church of San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore with entrance on Corso Magenta.The first part of the museum sited in the original site of Corso Magenta is dedicated to the history of Mediolanum (ancient Milan) founded in the 4th century BC and conquered by the ancient Romans in 222 BC.
 The National Museum of History of Moldova (Romanian: Muzeul Național de Istorie a Moldovei) is a museum in Central Chişinău Moldova.
 The Kuwait Water Towers are a prominent group of 31 water towers in Kuwait City completed in 1976.
 BBI Centar (BBI Real Estate) is a modern shopping mall in the center of Sarajevo. It is one of the largest shopping malls in Bosnia and Herzegovina stretching to 43 000 square metre and it was opened on 6 of April 2009. The BBI Centar was built on the site of one of the most popular shopping centers during Yugoslav times.
 Temple Israel is a Reform congregation located at 130 Riverside Drive in Dayton Ohio. Formed in 1850 it incorporated as Kehillah Kodesh B'nai Yeshurun in 1854. After meeting in rented quarters the congregation purchased its first synagogue building a former Baptist church at 4th and Jefferson in 1863.
 The House at 21 Chestnut Street is one of the best preserved Italianate houses in Wakefield Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 to a design by local architect John Stevens. Its features include double brackets in the gable eaves round arch windows on the second story front facade and a three bay configuration with a central gable.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Criterion Place was a proposed skyscraper development in Leeds West Yorkshire England. In July 2008 it was announced that the project is to be cancelled owing to the property market slump. The image on the right shows the empty site being used as a car park as of 2013.
 The Palace of Peace and Reconciliation (Kazakh: Бейбітшілік пен келісім сарайы) also translated as the Pyramid of Peace and Accord is a 77 m high building in Astana the capital of Kazakhstan. The structure was built by Sembol Construction at a cost of 8.74 billion Kazakh tenge (about $58 million) and opened in late 2006.The pyramid portion of the building is 62 m high which sits on a 15 m high earth covered block. All of this construction is above ground level.
 The Oratory of San Rocco is a small religious building in Siena located via Vallerozzi. The simple two story building has been the property of the Contrada della Lupa a ward in north Siena since 1789. The brick façade has an oculus with a 16th-century statue of St Roch and a travertine marble tympanum. The interior and the apse are frescoed in the 17th century.
 Built in 1926 the Arcade Building is a historic building in downtown Fort Pierce Florida. It is located at 101 U.S. 1 North. Built in a Spanish Colonial Revival style when built it was the largest commercial building in Fort Pierce. On October 12 2001 the structure was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building was used for retail and office space until the 1980s when a fire damaged a third of the building.
 Padure Manor (Latvian: Padures muižas pils) is a manor house built in empire style located about 200 metres from a large pond formed by the waters of the Venta river in Padure parish Kuldīga municipality Latvia. Used as a war hospital during the German occupation in the Second World War it housed the Padure parish library until 2005.
 Montrose House is a late 17th-century Grade II* listed building at 186 Petersham Road Petersham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.The house was built for Sir Thomas Jenner Justice of the Common Pleas under James II but is named after the Dowager Duchess of Montrose (widow of the 3rd Duke) who lived there from 1837 to 1847. It was bought by the entertainer Tommy Steele in 1969.The house is located at a sharp right-angled bend on Petersham Road (part of the A307).
 The Fort Payne Opera House located at 510 Gault Avenue North in Fort Payne DeKalb County in the U.S. state of Alabama built during the industrial boom in 1889. The Fort Payne Opera House is the only one in the State of Alabama still in use. The establishment has been used as a movie theater live theater and a public forum. The Opera House still hosts live theatrical events and is on the National Register of Historic Places and the National Register of 19th Century Theaters in America.
 Providence Chapel is a former Calvinistic Baptist place of worship in the village of Hadlow Down in Wealden one of six local government districts in the English county of East Sussex. Although built in 1849 the chapel can trace its origins to the founding in 1824 of an Independent Baptist place of worship in the village (pre-dating the local Anglican church by 12 years).
 cWOW Gallery is located in Newark New Jersey occupying a building on Halsey Street in the Lincoln Park/The Coast Cultural District.City Without Walls is New Jersey's oldest not-for-profit alternative art space in continuous operation since 1975 with a two-fold mission offers career development opportunities to new and emerging artists while providing the public a chance to understand and enjoy challenging contemporary art. The alternative art space relies on members to curate their on-site and off-site gallery spaces cWOW which stands for City Without Walls has an estimated 6-10 exhibitions per year. 
 Sultan Mosque also called Hafsa Sultan Mosque is a historic mosque in Manisa Turkey.
 The Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory is an ice cream shop at a converted 1922 fireboat house at 1 Water Street on the Fulton Ferry Landing Pier in Brooklyn New York City. It is located in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge in the neighborhood called DUMBO.
 The Enterprise Planing Mill is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Palmyra Methodist Episcopal Church is an historic structure located in rural Warren County Iowa United States. It was built in 1868 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The frame church building was built by William Wilson Myrick and Eli Myrick. The church hosted Chatauqua revivals through the early 1940s as well as traveling evangelists who would come to the area by train.
 Seodaemun Museum of Natural History is a first public museum of natural history in South Korea located in a metropolitan area Seodaemun-gu Seoul. It is founded in 2003 and operated by Seodaemun-gu Administration. The purpose of the foundation is to preserve to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.
 The Royal Galleries of Ostend (Dutch: Koninklijke Gaanderijen) are a seaside neoclassical arcade on a dike on the beach of Ostend Belgium. They extend from the royal villa in the east to the Hippodrome Wellington horse racing track in the west. The galleries are over 380 metres (1250 ft) long with a large pavilion at each end. The luxury Thermae Palace Hotel sits atop the central section.
 Harbaugh's Reformed Church now non-denominational and known as Harbaugh Church is a historic Reformed church at 14301 and 14269 Harbaugh Church Road in Washington Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. If is one of five properties owned by The Waynesboro Historical Society and is available for weddings funerals and special events. It was built in 1892 and is a 1 1/2-story three bay by five bay brick Late Gothic Revival style building.
 F.M. Howell and Company is a late nineteenth century manufacturing complex located on the banks of the Chemung River in Elmira New York. F.M. Howell & Company was founded in 1883 in Elmira New York by Fred M. Howell and John Aldrich. In its early years the company started out by producing wood and strawboard cigar and shoe boxes for other manufacturing companies. As this continued they also added rigid paperboard boxes and printing of box wraps and labels.
 Windom Mill Farm is a historic farm and national historic district located at Manor Township Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The district includes 12 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site. They are the main farmhouse a stone end Pennsylvania bank barn (c. 1800) a mill (1810) the miller's house a former tavern now a dwelling (c. 1810) two tobacco sheds (c. 1890 c. 1900) a frame corn barn (c. 1890) a garage (c. 1945) a milk house (c. 1890) a pigpen (c.
 Yoshida Castle (吉田城 Yoshida-jō) is a Japanese castle located in Toyohashi southeastern Aichi Prefecture Japan. At the end of the Edo period Yoshida Castle was home to the Inaba clan daimyō of Tateyama Domain. The castle was also known as Imahashi Castle (今橋城 Imahashi-jō ) and later as Toyohashi Castle.
 St Andrew's Church is an Anglican Parish church in the centre of Farnham Surrey. It is a Grade II listed building and surviving parts of the structure date back to the Middle Ages. It in the archdeaconry of Surrey in the Diocese of Guildford. The churchyard contains the grave of William Cobbett and there is a memorial to Augustus Toplady.
 Buena Vista Regional Medical Center (BVRMC) formerly Buena Vista County Hospital is a 35-bed rural community critical access hospital located in Storm Lake Iowa. BVRMC is an accredited facility with a 50+ year history of improving the health of the people and the community they serve. BVRMC is a public hospital that has over 80 Inpatient and Outpatient Services and 21 Specialty Clinics. They employ 400 individuals from 49 different communities.
 Blakeley near Charles Town West Virginia is also known as the Washington - Chew - Funkhouser House and was built in 1820 by John Augustine Washington II great-nephew of George Washington and son of John Augustine Washington. It is a contemporary of its neighbor Claymont Court built across Bullskin Run by John's brother Bushrod Corbin Washington. John Washington did not attempt to match the grandeur of Claymont Court as he was in line to inherit Mount Vernon and did so in 1829.
 The Homestead in Geneseo New York is a historic house that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is also a contributing property within the Geneseo Historic District and is described within the nomination documents for that district to be come a National Historic Landmark which it was declared to be in 1991.
 St Luke's is a historic Anglican church building in the London Borough of Islington. It is now a music centre operated by the London Symphony Orchestra and known as LSO St Luke's. It is the home of the LSO's community and music education programme LSO Discovery. The main body of the church seats up to 372 and is used by the LSO for rehearsals and by a wide variety of musicians for performances and recording.
 The Taiwan Balloons Museum (Chinese: 台灣氣球博物館; pinyin: Táiwān Qìqiú Bówùguǎn) is a museum about balloons in Shengang District Taichung Taiwan. The museum is owned and operated by Taiwan Tailloon Balloons Co. Ltd.
 Rancho Petaluma Adobe is the name of a historic ranch house built from adobe bricks by order of Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo. It was the largest privately owned adobe structure built in California and is the largest example of the Monterey Colonial style of architecture in the United States. A section of the Adobe has been preserved by the Petaluma Adobe State Historic Park and is both a California Historic Landmark and a National Historic Landmark.
 Meeting-of-the-Waters is a two-story brick home and property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from 1800 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has also been known as the Thomas Hardin Perkins House.
 Castlepoint Shopping Centre is a retail park in Bournemouth Dorset United Kingdom occupying a 41-acre (17 ha) site containing around 40 shops including major retailers such as Marks & Spencer Gap Topshop Asda Sainsbury's and B&Q. It is situated 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast from the centre of town off Castle Lane West on the former site of The Hampshire Centre.
 The Institutional District of Worcester Massachusetts is a historic district encompassing a significant concentration of civic and municipal buildings north of the city's downtown area. It is centered on Lincoln Square and Wheaton Square and includes properties on Main Salisbury and Tuckerman Streets. It includes the 1840s Worcester County Courthouse the War Memorial and Memorial Auditorium and the former Worcester Historical Society building at 39 Salisbury Street.
 Morven Park is an estate in Leesburg Virginia USA that includes the Westmoreland Davis Mansion and the Winmill Carriage Museum. The gardens are open to the public at no charge. The park is also home to the Museum of Hounds and Hunting with displays of art artifacts and memorabilia about the sport of foxhunting. Opened in 1985 the museum is located in the north wing of the Westmoreland Davis Mansion owned by Westmoreland Davis Governor of Virginia from 1918 to 1922.
 The former Temple Beth-El is a historic building located at 8801 Woodward Avenue (Woodward at Gladstone) in Detroit Michigan. It was built in 1921 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Grote Kerk or Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk (Church of Our Lady) is the most important monument and a landmark of Breda. The church is built in the Brabantine Gothic style. The tower of the church is 97 meter tall. The plan is in the shape of a Latin Cross.
 The Robert Frost Farm is a National Historic Landmark in Ripton Vermont where American poet Robert Frost lived and wrote in the summer and fall months from 1939 until his death in 1963.
 The Beauregard Parish Training School in DeRidder Louisiana was a school for education of black students and for training of black teachers. The school buildings located on the original property on the corner of Martin Luther King drive and Alexandria street in DeRidder were the first African-American related structures in southwestern Louisiana to be listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1996.
 The Bellows Residence in Missoula Montana was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The University of California San Francisco Medical Center is a hospital in research and a teaching hospital in San Francisco California. It is one of the leading hospitals in the United States and with the UCSF School of Medicine has been the site of various breakthroughs in all specialities of medicine.
 The Bryson-Crane House is a historic U.S. home in Sarasota Florida. It is located at 5050 Brywill Circle. On June 1 2005 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Elsworth is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1901 at Hudson Maryland. She is a 39.9-foot-long (12.2 m) two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 14.3' a depth of 3.1' and a gross registered tonnage of 8 tons.
 The Children's Memorial Health Institute (Polish: Instytut Pomnik - Centrum Zdrowia Dziecka literally Children's Health Memorial Centre Institute; CMHI or CZD) is the largest and best-equipped institute of paediatric healthcare in Poland.
 The Church of Saint Emerentiana on Tor Fiorenza (Italian: Santa Emerenziana a Tor Fiorenza Latin: S. Emerentianae ad locum vulgo Tor Fiorenza) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome built as a parish church by decree of Cardinal Francesco Marchetti Selvaggiani. On the 5 March 1973 Pope Paul VI granted it a titular church as a seat for Cardinals.At present the Titulus Sancta Emerentianae ad locum vulgo Tor Fiorenza is held by Jean-Pierre Kutwa.
 Putnamville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on IN 243 in Putnamville Indiana.It was built in 1834 and includes Greek Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register in 1984.
 Hotel Giraffe is a luxury hotel located in New York City. The hotel has won many awards such as Best Boutique Hotel-2007 according to CitySearch.com. Hotel Giraffe is located at the Northeast corner of Park Avenue South and 26th street.Hotel Giraffe is part of The Library Hotel Collection a boutique hotel group that is owned by Henry Kallan.
 Oak Park Historic District is a national historic district located in Hatfield Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 33 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure dated from 1912 to the 1980s in a planned residential neighborhood. The residences reflect a variety of popular late 19th- and 20th-century architectural styles including Bungalow / American Craftsman cottage revival and Colonial Revival.
 Warner House is a property in East Haddam Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The 18th-century house includes exceptionally fine interior and exterior detailing.The original house is believed to have been built c.1738. It was expanded c.1790. When listed the property included two contributing buildings the house and a barn and one contributing site a burying ground. The listing is for an area of 50 acres (20 ha).
 Belle Alliance is an Italianate and Greek Revival plantation house in Assumption Parish Louisiana. An unincorporated community named Belle Alliance is named after the Plantation. The community and/or the plantation is located on the east bank of Bayou Lafourche in Assumption Parish about five miles (8 km) out of Donaldsonville. During the 1770s this 7000-acre (28 km2) plot was granted to Don Juan Vives a physician and military officer of the Spanish government.
 District 13 Police Station is a historic police station at 28 Seaverns Avenue in Boston Massachusetts.The Gothic style station was designed in 1873 by Edmund M. Wheelwright architect for the City of Boston from 1891 to 1895 and George Ropes and was added to the National Historic Register in 1988.
 The Villa Ludovisi was a suburban villa in Rome built in the 17th century on the area once occupied by the Gardens of Sallust (Horti Sallustiani) near the Porta Salaria.
 Babillon Tower (Georgian: ბაბილონის კოშკი) is a skyscraper currently under construction in Batumi Georgia. It will be 170 Meters high (47 storeys). Once complete it will be highest skyscraper in Batumi.
 The U.S. Post Office in Pearl River New York is located at the junction of Franklin and Main streets in the village's downtown. It is a brick building from the mid-1930s serving the ZIP Code 10965 which covers the village.Its design an application of the Colonial Revival architectural style commonly used for post offices of that era is unique to it.
 The National Museum of Mexican Art (Formerly known as the Mexican Fine Arts Center Museum) is a museum which features Mexican Latino and Chicano art and culture. The museum was founded in 1982 by Carlos Tortolero. Located in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago Illinois the current building in Harrison Park opened on March 27 1987. The museum is the only Latino museum accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 First Unitarian Church of Hobart is the oldest Unitarian Church in Indiana and the oldest church still occupied by its original congregation in the city of Hobart. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 9 1999.
 The Hawke scout hall is a building located on the edge of Coxs Bay which is between the suburbs of Herne Bay and Westmere in Auckland New Zealand. It is primarily used by Sea Scouts.
 Engine Company No. 17 also known as Chemical Company No. 4 and the Brookland Firehouse is a historic firehouse located at 1227 Monroe Street NE Washington D.C.It was constructed in 1902 and housed an early “chemical company” which fought fires in outlying districts using large soda-acid extinguishers rather than using steam pumpers on the unreliable municipal water supply.
 Berkeley Mill Village is a historic district in Cumberland Rhode Island (Berkley) bounded by Martin Street and Mendon Road.The Village was constructed as mill employee housing in 1872 in a Romanesque style. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Mosque with the Spiral Minaret (Turkish: Burmalı Mescit Camii or Burmalı Minare Camii) is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque in Şarachane park Fatih district Istanbul Turkey.
 The Greater Allen Cathedral of New York is an African Methodist Episcopal church located in Jamaica Queens New York. The congregation currently has over 23000 members making it one of the largest churches in the United States. The church's budget exceeds $34 million annually and it operates 750-student private school as well as numerous commercial and social service enterprises.
 Iniva (also sometimes written as inIVA) is the Institute of International Visual Art an arts organisation based in London that represents contemporary artists curators and writers. It consists of exhibition spaces and the Stuart Hall Library and together with Autograph ABP is housed in Rivington Place their own visual arts centre in Shoreditch in London’s East End.
 The Fine Burger Company operate four upmarket burger restaurants in London England. They are part of The Fine Food Company which also operate fixed site kiosk operations and a fleet of mobile catering units. The company motto is fresh quality fast.The Fine Burger Company specialise in handmade food; particularly 6 oz burgers which are made to order. Their burgers are made of Aberdeen-Angus or Hereford beef chicken fish or lamb with vegetarian options available.
 Husby Chapel (Norwegian: Husby kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Husby on the southern shore of the island of Tomma. The church is part of the Nesna parish in the Nord-Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.The white wooden chapel was built in 1905 as a private farm chapel for the Husby Estate. It was consecrated on 2 June 1905 as part of the Dønnes parish and had 4 worship services each year.
 AeroVenture home to the South Yorkshire Aircraft Museum located at Doncaster South Yorkshire England. It occupies the former site of RAF Doncaster.
 The Paddy Walker House (also known as the Walker House) is the town of Kincardine's oldest building and the oldest standing hotel in Bruce County Ontario Canada.
 The Imperial Hotel in Atlanta is one of the few remaining tall buildings from the city's construction boom in the early 20th century. The former hotel was opened in 1910 has 8 stories and is representative of the Chicago school due to the flat roof and brick facade with grids of bay windows. It contains two historic Otis elevators.
 Woodend Hospital is a hospital located in the Woodend area of Aberdeen Scotland which is owned and operated by NHS Grampian. Woodend Hospital opened in 1927 as a general hospital with a special block being set aside for the treatment of non-pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia and similar cases.
 St. Mary's Church Longnewton is a Church of England church in the parish of Longnewton Stockton-on-Tees Teesside England. It is part of the benefice of All Saints' Church Preston-on-Tees.
 Fisketorvet is a shopping centre located on the Kalvebod Brygge waterfront in Copenhagen Denmark.
 The Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital Cape Cod (SRHCC) is a rehabilitation hospital located in Sandwich Massachusetts that serves both Cape Cod and the Islands. It was founded in 1995 and is part of the Spaulding Rehabilitation Network.It was previously known as the Rehabilitation Hospital of the Cape and Islands (RHCI) and still operates under that name. The hospital is owned by Partners HealthCare a non-profit organization that owns several hospitals in Massachusetts.
 Immanuel Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic church at Palmer and Zeigler Streets in Pilot Knob Missouri.It was built in 1864 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Ainapo Trail was the primary route to the summit of Mauna Loa from prehistory to 1916. The trail began on the southeast flank at 2000 feet of elevation and reached Mokuaweoweo the summit crater at 13200 feet (4000 m). It was sometimes called Menzies Trail after Archibald Menzies who was the first recorded outsider to climb the mountain in 1794.The Ainapo Trail was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 30 1974.
 Cottingham House is located in Pineville Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 8 1987.
 The Babcock-Macomb House is a historical residence located at 3415 Massachusetts Avenue NW Washington D.C.. Construction of the house was ordered by Kate Woodman Babcock widow of former Representative Joseph W. Babcock of Wisconsin. Babcock had had a successful career in the lumber industry while serving two terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Upon taking office in the House of Representatives in 1893 Babcock was appointed to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
 Simferopol State Art Museum (Ukrainian: Сімферопольський державний художній музей) is an art museum located in the Crimean capital Simferopol. Simferopol Art Museum was founded in 1937. There more than 6000 artworks in its collection.
 St. Lawrence Catholic Church is a parish of the Archdiocese of Dubuque located in rural Jackson County Iowa. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The parish was founded in 1854. The church building built in 1883 was designed by Fridoline Heer. It is constructed in limestone in the Gothic revival style.
 Sør-Vågsøy Church (Norwegian: Sør-Vågsøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the town of Måløy on the southeastern coast of the island of Vågsøy. The church is part of the Vågsøy parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1907 by the architects Lars and Jens Sølvberg. The church seats about 600 people.
 Robert Brewton House built in 1730 is the oldest dated single house in Charleston South Carolina. A single house is one room wide with the narrow end towards the street the better to catch cool breezes.The property upon which the house is built was purchased by Robert Brewton on March 15 1712 and he sold it on January 5 1722. An ad for the property referred to a tenement in which Brewton lived suggesting that the house was built at least by 1721.
 The Chapel of the Good Shepherd is an historic church designed by architect Frederick Clarke Withers and built in 1888 located at 543 Main Street on Roosevelt Island in Manhattan New York United States. It was originally an Episcopal chapel but is now the Good Shepherd Community Ecumenical Center used for Episcopal worship services and by other groups.The chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was restored in 2003.
 The Bigelow House also known as the Bigelow House Museum is a historic house museum located at 918 Glass Avenue Northeast in the Bigelow Neighborhood of Olympia Washington. Built by Daniel Bigelow in the 1850s the house was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Logan Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located at Logan in Schuyler County New York. It was built in 1833 and remodeled in 1878 and is a large Federal era frame building with a veneer of Victorian era embellishment. It is a rectangular frame structure resting on a slightly raised stone foundation. It features a handsome central tower with a louvered belfry.
 This article is about a building in Liverpool. For the company see National Westminster Bank.The National Westminster Bank Castle Street Liverpool England is a Grade II* listed building.A typical 19th Century bank building of early renaissance style with closely spaced classically styled windows and a heavily moulded cornice. The interior has well preserved plaster mouldings and has been sympathetically updated and featured in NatWest's TV advertisements from July 2010.
 Gosford District Hospital (GDH) is a 484-bed hospital [1] in Gosford New South Wales Australia. It provides a range of medical surgical and maternity services to the Central Coast region of New South Wales.
 The Royal Mill Complex is an historic textile mill site at 125 Providence Street in West Warwick Rhode Island. The mill was built in 1890 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004. It has recently been completely renovated and remodeled into 250 residential apartments. The complex also includes the Ace Dye Works mill on the south side of the river which has been converted into lofts. A pedestrian skybridge connects the two mills.
 Komala's Restaurants is a Singapore-based restaurant-chain serving Indian vegetarian cuisine.[1] The group has restaurants overseas in India Thailand Indonesia and Canada. Started in 1947 by Murugiah Rajoo in Singapore the restaurant became known for the low priced high quality Indian food. The restaurant is popular with all walks of life and its part of the Komala's Group.
 The United Cigar Manufacturing Company building is an historic building located at York York County Pennsylvania.
 The former Union Free School is located at the end of Conklin Street in New Hamburg New York United States. It is a red brick building constructed in the 1870s.For many years it was the only public building in the hamlet. It remained in use as school for over a half a century. Since then it has been converted into a residence. In 1987 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Coleman–Scott House is a Colonial Revival house in Northeast Portland Oregon. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The First Presbyterian Church is a historic Greek Revival church building in Eutaw Alabama. The two-story frame structure was built for the local Presbyterian congregation in 1851 by David R. Anthony. Anthony was a local contractor who constructed many of Eutaw's antebellum buildings. The congregation was organized by the Tuscaloosa Presbytery in 1824 as the Mesopotamia Presbyterian Church. John H. Gray served as the first minister from 1826 until 1836.
 Greenwich Mills is an historic mill at 42 Ladd Street in Warwick Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1918 and added to the National Historic Register in 2006.
 The House that Lives is a historic house at 83 Watchung Avenue in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1922 with Modern Movement and Tudor Revival elements. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Burg Lichtenwerth is a castle in Tyrol Austria.
 Viderup Castle (Swedish: Viderups slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Central Trust Company Buildings are two historic commercial buildings located at Altoona Blair County Pennsylvania. They are two five-story buildings connected by a stair and elevator tower. The buildings measure 130 by 120 feet (40 by 37 m). The Central Trust Company Building was built in 1905 and is a white glazed brick building with brownstone trim in the Beaux Arts style. The entry features two Ionic order engaged granite columns.
 The Maher Building also known as the Illinois Hotel is a historic building in Vero Beach Florida. Originally located at 1423 Osceola Boulevard now 20th Street the Maher Building housed the Maher department store owned by William J. and Catherine Maher. The store retained a reasonable reputation throughout the city for offering apparel at pleasing prices. Although no lives were lost when the original store building burned down in November 1919 the tragedy resulted in its complete loss.
 Ludlow Tent Colony Site is an area in Ludlow Colorado associated with the Ludlow Massacre that was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on January 16 2009.
 Splitlog Church (also known as Cayuga Mission Church) is a historic church building in Grove Oklahoma.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Casablanca Twin Center (Arabic: برجي الدار البيضاء‎ French: Tours Jumelles de Casablanca) is a complex of two skyscrapers located at Casablanca Morocco. The two structures the West Tower and the East Tower have 28 floors each. The centre houses a complex of shops offices and a 5 star hotel and lies at the heart of Casablanca in the Maarif district at the crossroads between Zerktouni Boulevard and the Boulevard Al Massira Al Khadra.
 Our Lady of Egypt is a Roman Catholic church in Kalina Mumbai under the Archdiocese of Bombay. The church was founded in 1606 and celebrated its 400th anniversary in mid-2006. Its current parish priest is Father Harold Vaz .
 The National Historical Fire Foundation (Hall of Flame) is a museum dedicated to the historical preservation of fire fighting equipment used through the years around the world.The museum has five exhibit bays and the National Firefighting Hall of Heroes gallery. The equipment is grouped as: Hand & Horse Drawn (1725–1908); Motorized Apparatus (1897–1948); Motorized Apparatus (1918–1968); Motorized Apparatus (1919–1950) and Wildland Firefighting.
 Edgehill Church at Spuyten Duyvil is a United Church of Christ parish church located at 2550 Independence Avenue in the Spuyten Duyvil neighborhood of The Bronx New York City. Its congregation was originally founded in 1869 as the mission chapel affiliated with the Riverdale Presbyterian Church serving the workers at the nearby Johnson Iron Foundry.
 The John Deere House is an historic building located in Moline Illinois United States. The house which is associated with industrialist John Deere sits on the edge of a high bluff overlooking the Mississippi River Valley and the urban landscape below. It was declared a Moline Historic Landmark in 2002 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum (reporting mark TVRM) is a railroad museum in Chattanooga Tennessee.The Tennessee Valley Railroad Museum was founded as a chapter of the National Railway Historical Society in 1960 by Paul H. Merriman and Robert M. Soule Jr. along with a group of local railway preservationists who were concerned with saving steam locomotives and railway equipment for future historical display and use.
 The Sacred Heart RC Church is a Roman Catholic church and parish in North Gosforth Newcastle upon Tyne in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle. Situated to the south of the village of Wideopen and north of Gosforth Park the church is a Grade II listed building.
 The Frankston Arts Centre is a landmark theatre and art gallery in the outer Melbourne locality of Frankston in Australia. It was opened by then Prime Minister of Australia Paul Keating on 20 May 1995.The Centre plays host to a number of major performances including regular shows by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra and Victorian Opera and is a tour venue for the Melbourne International Film Festival Opera Australia and a number of national theatre companies.
 The Carnegie Free Library in Eureka California was built in Classical Revival Style in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 and currently houses the Morris Graves Museum of Art.
 Francis Griffith Newlands Memorial Fountain is a historic fountain located at Chevy Chase Circle Northwest Washington D.C. in the Chevy Chase neighborhood. It honors Francis G. Newlands a U.S. Senator and founder of Chevy Chase Maryland.It was designed by Edward Wilton Donn in 1933 and was erected in 1938. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Saint Raphael the Archangel Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic Jesuit church located in Raleigh North Carolina United States. Out of the Roman Catholic parishes in Raleigh Saint Raphael's has the largest Hispanic population within its congregation. St. Raphael's is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh whose bishop is seated at Sacred Heart Cathedral. The church is also the host of Saint Raphael the Archangel Catholic School. and pre-school Saint Raphael Early Childhood Center.
 Harlem Irving Plaza (commonly referred to as The HIP) is an enclosed mall located in Norridge Illinois a suburb of Chicago. The mall features over 100 stores and a food court; anchor stores include Carson Pirie Scott Kohl's Best Buy and Target. It is one of the oldest shopping malls in the Chicago area.
 The Symington House is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1808 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 2 1979.
 Mifflin County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Lewistown Mifflin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1842-1843 and is a 2 1/2-story brick building in the Greek Revival style. It is three-bays wide and the original building measured 48 feet by 82 feet. It was enlarged by 48 feet to the rear in 1878. It features a pedimented entryway with two engaged pilasters and prominent cupola. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Fort McIntosh was a U.S. Army base in Laredo Webb County Texas that existed from 1849 to 1946.Fort McIntosh was established on 3 March 1849 by the 1st US Infantry under the command of Lt. E.L. Viele to guard the Texas frontier at the site of a strategicriver crossing.
 The former First Church of Christ Scientist built in 1897 is an historic Neo-Classical style church located at 4017 S. Drexel Boulevard in Chicago Illinois. It was designed by noted Chicago-based architect Solon Spencer Beman who was renowned for the churches and other buildings that he designed in the United States. In 1923 an Aeolian-Skinner organ was installed in the church. On May 7 1950 Grant Memorial AME Church bought the building and is its present owner.
 Shavnabada Monastery (Georgian: შავნაბადა; also Shavnabada Monastery of St. George) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox monastic complex that is located upon Shavnabada Mountain approximately 8 km away from the village of Tabatskuri and 20 km southeast of Bakuriani in the Samtskhe-Javakheti Province (Mkhare) of Georgia.It was named in honor of St.
 The Galloway Community Hospital is an NHS Scotland hospital in Stranraer Galloway Scotland. Opened on a partial basis in September 2006 being fully opened by October 2007.The hospital replaced the Garrick and Dalrymple hospitals in Stranraer and is on the site of part of the Dalrymple hospital adjacent to the Waverly Medical Centre which is the main GP surgery for Stranraer.
 Congregation Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in Louisiana. Founded in 1903 or 1904 though tracing its roots back to 1857 it is the oldest Orthodox congregation in the New Orleans region.
 Fort Hancock U.S. Life Saving Station is located in Highlands Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The station was built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 30 1981.
 The Dubai Mixed-Use Towers also referred to as the Dancing Sisters (and nicknamed the Spice Girls in reference to both Dubai’s role in the spice trade and the musicality of the design) are consist of 53 storey hotel tower and a 61 storey residential tower located adjacent to Burj Khalifa in Downtown Dubai Dubai United Arab Emirates.
 The St. Andrews Patrol Cabin was built by the National Park Service in 1922 as part of a network of stations near the boundaries of Mount Rainier National Park for rangers on patrol. The one-room log structure stands on the Wonderland Trail that circumnavigates Mount Rainier. The exterior of the cabin features a porch to the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and tongue and groove flooring. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Shubuta Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic Methodist Episcopal church on High Street (US 45) on the east side in Shubuta Mississippi.It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 Christian IV's Brewhouse (Danish: Christian IV's Bryghus) is a building in Copenhagen Denmark dating from 1608. In spite of the name under which it is known today the building was not originally built for the purpose of brewing beer. It is located on Slotsholmen by the harbourfront and was constructed for military purposes as a corner bastion part of Christian IV's fortification of the city.
 The Union Trust Building (501 Grant St. downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania) was erected in 1915-16 by the industrialist Henry Clay Frick. The Flemish-Gothic structure's original purpose was to serve as a shopping arcade. The building is modeled after the famous Municipal Hall at Leuven Belgium partly destroyed during the World Wars.
 The Old Masonic Hall in Louisville Mississippi also known as Community House and as Chamber of Commerce is a historic building built in 1851. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2007. It is a notable example of Greek Revival style architecture.The building was constructed by Louisville Lodge No. 75 (a local Masonic lodge).
 The Washington National Guard Museum also known as The Arsenal Museum is a military museum of the Washington National Guard. It is located at the Washington National Guard headquarters at Camp Murray visible from Interstate 5 near Lakewood Washington.The museum is run by Washington National Guard State Historical Society volunteers.
 World War Memorial Building is a building designed by Lafaye & Lafaye in Columbia South Carolina United States.
 Belmond Reid's Palace hotel (aka Reid's Palace) is a leading historic hotel located to the west of Funchal Bay in Madeira (Portugal) in an imposing position looking out over the Atlantic Ocean. The hotel has beautiful sloping gardens.
 Byecroft Farm Complex also known as Old Congress is a historic home and farm complex located in Buckingham Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. The oldest section of the main house was built in 1702 with three later additions. It consists of a central block with three wings. The central block was built in 1732 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay coursed fieldstone structure. The northeast wing consists of the original one-story structure built in 1702 with a second story added in 1775.
 The Masonic Temple is a historic two-story wooden building near the Chena River in Fairbanks Alaska. It was built in 1906 expanded in 1908 and further altered in 1913 and 1916. Its architecture is eclectic Renaissance Revival a style that had been popular in the lower 48 United States in the 1880s and 1890s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.The building was originally constructed for the Tanana Commercial Company in 1906.
 Stayley Hall also known as Staley Hall is a Grade II* Listed Building in Stalybridge Greater Manchester. The structure dates to at least the 16th century – it appears on maps from 1577 and 1580 – but may be older. The first records of the de Stavelegh family as Lords of the Manor date from the early 13th century.Stayley Hall is referred to in the diaries of Sir Ralph Staveley in the early 15th century. The hall was originally timber framed but was stone-clad during the 17th century.
 Novoryazanskaya Street Garage also spelled Novo-Ryazanskaya Street Garage and known as Horseshoe garage was designed by Konstantin Melnikov and Vladimir Shukhov (structural engineering) in 1926 and completed in 1929 at 27 Novoryazanskaya Street in Krasnoselsky District Moscow Russia near Kazansky Rail Terminal.The main building of this truck garage has a semi-circular form with service workshops and office in a standalone building between the tips of a horseshoe.
 Bailiffscourt Chapel is a deconsecrated chapel in the grounds of Bailiffscourt Hotel a luxury hotel near the hamlet of Atherington in West Sussex England. Originally associated with the Norman Abbey of Séez it was founded in the 11th century and rebuilt in its present simple Gothic form in the 13th century.
 Hopson-Swan Estate is a national historic district and estate located at Sparkill in Rockland County New York. It encompasses three contributing buildings and one contributing structure. The district is located within the boundaries of Tallman Mountain State Park and was acquired by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission in 1947. The estate was developed between about 1850 and 1920. The house is a 1 1⁄2-story frame house on a stone foundation.
 The Williams Bridge is a wooden covered bridge built in 1884 and is located in southern Indiana.
 St George's Cathedral is an Antiochian Orthodox church in Albany Street St Pancras in the London Borough of Camden. Built to the designs of James Pennethorne it was consecrated as an Anglican place of worship called Christ Church in 1837. It became an Orthodox cathedral in 1989.
 Mundelein College was the last private independent Roman Catholic women's college in Illinois. Located on the edge of the Rogers Park and Edgewater neighborhoods on the far north side of Chicago Illinois Mundelein College was founded and administered by the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. In 1991 Mundelein College became an incorporated college of Loyola University Chicago. It has since become completely affiliated.
 The Nevada City Downtown Historic District is a 16-acre (6.5 ha) historic district in Nevada City within the U.S. state of California. Located in Nevada County it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It dates from 1917 with examples of Moderne and Italianate architecture. The period of significance is 1856-1917. The historic district covers the downtown section roughly bounded by Spring Bridge Commercial York Washington Coyote and Main Streets.
 Lytes Cary is a manor house with associated chapel and gardens near Charlton Mackrell and Somerton in Somerset England. The property owned by the National Trust has parts dating to the 14th century with other sections dating to the 15th 16th 18th and 20th centuries. Yet all parts blend to perfection with one another and with the gentle sunny landscape that surrounds them comments Nikolaus Pevsner.
 Temple Beth Or (formerly Kahl Montgomery) is an historic reform Jewish congregation in Montgomery Alabama.
 All Saints Roman Catholic Church is located at 127 Chadduck Ave Buffalo New York in the city's Riverside neighborhood.
 Walnut Grove is an historic Greek Revival-style house in Spotsylvania County Virginia. The house was built in 1840 on land that was purchased by Jonathan Johnson in 1829. Markings on the exposed oak beams indicate that Walnut Grove was built by William A. Jennings. Jennings was recognized as a master builder of Greek Revival homes during that period. Walnut Grove was added to the National Register of Historic Places in August 2004.
 Sandemar Castle is a castle in Sweden. It is owned by Karin Mattson Nordin daughter of the real estate developer John Mattson.
 The University of Wisconsin Armory and Gymnasium also called the Red Gym is a building on the campus of University of Wisconsin-Madison. It was originally used as a combination gymnasium and armory beginning in 1894. Designed in the Romanesque revival style it resembles a red brick castle. It is situated on the shores of Lake Mendota overlooking Library Mall and adjacent to Memorial Union.
 Established in 1952 the Second Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University (KMU) (昆明医科大学第二附属医院) is a large general hospital in the capital of Yunnan Province China. It is among the 100 best general hospitals of China and is the center for both human organ transplant and burn treatment in Yunnan. It is the first certified resident training center in Yunnan started in 2006.
 Willow Beach Gauging Station is a gauging station located within Lake Mead National Recreation Area. The Willow Beach Gauging Station was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 21 1986.The cables catwalk trail and gauging station that are listed in the register are located on the Colorado River north of Willow Beach between Lake Mead and Lake Mohave.
 Bohemian National Cemetery (Czech: Česko-Národní Hřbitov) also known as Oak Hill Cemetery is a cemetery located at 1300 Horners Lane Armistead Gardens in eastern Baltimore Maryland.
 The Eleutheros Cooke House at 410 Columbus Avenue in Sandusky Ohio is a Greek Revival style house that was built in 1827. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Cheney Brothers Historic District was a center of the silk industry in the late 19th and early 20th century. The 175-acre (0.71 km2) district in Manchester Connecticut includes over 275 mill buildings workers houses churches schools and Cheney family mansions.
 Radisson Blu is a five-star hotel in Chennai India. It is located at on GST Road at Meenambakkam 2 km from Chennai International Airport.
 The Great Synagogue (German: Neue Synagoge Polish: Wielka Synagoga) was a synagogue of the Jewish Community of Danzig in the city of Danzig Germany (later Free City of Danzig now Gdańsk Poland). It was built in 1885-1887 on Reitbahnstraße now Bogusławski Street. It was the largest synagogue in the city and was demolished by the Free City authorities in May 1939.
 Briarcliff was the mansion and estate of Asa Griggs Buddy Candler Jr. (1880–1953) and is now the Briarcliff Campus of Emory University. The estate was built in 1922 on 42 acres on Williams Mill Road now Briarcliff Road in Druid Hills near Atlanta. Williams Mill Road would be renamed Briarcliff Road in the 1920s after the estate that Asa Jr. would build there. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.Asa Jr.
 Stetson Union Church is a historic church on ME 222 in Stetson Maine.It was designed by architect Benjamin S. Deane in Greek Revival style. It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Old North Cemetery was the first burial ground established in Concord New Hampshire. It was established in 1730. Franklin Pierce fourteenth president of the United States is buried in the cemetery as is his wife Jane and 2 of his 3 sons. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 9 2008.It is the 20th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July 2008.
 Richardson Hall also known as College Building and Main Hall is a historic institutional building located at St. Lawrence University Canton in St. Lawrence County New York. It is a three story rectangular brick structure built on a high sandstone foundation. When constructed in 1855-1856 it housed the dining room chapel classrooms and dormitory space. It was renovated in 1906 and 1962. It is located within the St.
 Schifferstadt also known as Scheifferstadt is the oldest standing house in Frederick Maryland.
 Pelican Bay State Prison (PBSP) is a supermax California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation state prison in Crescent City California. The 275-acre (111 ha) facility is explicitly designed to keep California's alleged worst of the worst prisoners in long-term solitary confinement. It takes its name from a shallow bay on the Pacific coast about 2 miles (3 km) to the west. The prison lies in a detached section of Crescent City that is several miles north of the main urban area.
 Williamsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Williamsburg Blair County Pennsylvania. The district includes 362 contributing buildings and 6 contributing structures in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Williamsburg. The earliest buildings date to the 1830s when the community was expanded as a canal town along the Pennsylvania Main Line Canal.
 Geisinger Medical Center is a hospital in Danville Pennsylvania serving as the primary hospital for the Danville-based Geisinger Health System a primary chain of hospitals and clinics which includes the Danville medical center across northeastern and central Pennsylvania.Geisinger Medical Center is the primary tertiary/quartary care hospital for Central Pennsylvania and was named one of the top fifty hospitals in the country as of October 2012.
 The Arcadia Free Public Library is a Carnegie library serving Arcadia Wisconsin. The city's library service was established in 1899 through a donation from State Senator Levi Withee and was originally based in the city hall. The Carnegie Foundation funded a library building for the city in 1905 and the library was built the following year. The building was designed by Diedrik A. Omeyer in the Classical Revival style.
 Osgood Hill is a historic site at 709 and 723 Osgood Street in North Andover Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. Also known as the Stevens Estate after its first owner Moses Tyler Stevens it is owned by the town and operated as a conference center. The property was developed by Stevens between 1884 and 1886 with architect William Cummings Richardson designing the estate house and several outbuildings. Richardson (no relation to H. H.
 Murrell Dobbins Career & Technical Education High School also known as Murrell Dobbins Vocational High School is a historic vocational school building located in the West Lehigh neighborhood of North Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1936-1937. It is a six- to seven-story 14 bay brick building in the Moderne-style. It has a one-story stone front building.
 Grady Memorial Hospital frequently referred to as Grady Hospital or simply Grady is the largest hospital in the state of Georgia and the public hospital for the city of Atlanta. It is the fifth-largest public hospital in the United States as well as one of the busiest Level I trauma centers in the country. Historical segregation of its hospital units meant that it was also called The Gradys a name that still surfaces among elderly Atlanta residents especially African-Americans.
 Durland Hall Rathbone Hall and Fiedler Hall are the names of three wings of the main building in the engineering complex on the campus of Kansas State University. The building is set on the old football practice field. Additional engineering building include Nichols Hall and the others in the Engineering Complex Ward Hall and the Architecture wing of Seaton Hall.
 Smith-Rourke House is a historic home located at East Patchogue in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1837 and is a large two story five bay generally square dwelling that measures approximately 32 by 40 feet. The house features a low sloping hipped roof of tin with a central cupola and cross gables on all four sides characteristic of the Italianate style. It also features a profusion of heavy bold Greek Revival style ornamentation.
 RNH Bighi also known as Bighi Hospital was a major naval hospital located in the small town of Kalkara on the island of Malta. It served the eastern Mediterranean in the 19th and 20th centuries and in conjunction with the RN Memorial Hospital at Imtarfa contributed to the nursing and medical care of casualties whenever hostilities occurred in the Mediterranean.
 The Pennsylvania Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Pennsylvania and his family in the Uptown neighborhood of Harrisburg Pennsylvania. It was built from 1966 to 1968 and designed by George M. Ewing owner of an architectural firm in Philadelphia.The Mansion is home to two Steinway grand pianos used for concerts and to entertain dinner guests.
 Turku Orthodox Church or the Church of the Holy Martyr Empress Alexandra is the main church of the Turku orthodox parish located on the northeast corner of Turku Market Square in Turku Finland. The church was built in under plans drafted by architect Carl Ludvig Engel and was ordered by Nicholas I of Russia on 5 January 1838. Construction which began in 1839 cost 67886 rubles and was completed in 1845. The church was consecrated on 2 September 1845.
 The Former Residence of the Weng Clan (Chinese: 常熟翁氏故居; pinyin: Chángshú Wēngshì Gùjū also called Former Residence of Weng Xincun) is located on the Weng Lane Changshu Jiangsu Province China. It is a typical example of the gentry maisons in the regions south of the Yangtze River. The house was listed as a municipal cultural relics protection unit in 1982 with the name the Former Residence of Wen Xincun.
 Calvary Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral in Sioux Falls South Dakota United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of South Dakota.
 The Devonshire Royal Hospital building (now popularly known as the Devonshire Dome) is a Grade II* listed 18th-century former stable block in Buxton Derbyshire. It was built by John Carr of York and extended by architect Robert Rippon Duke who added what was then the world's largest unsupported dome with a diameter of 44.2 metres (145 ft). It is now the site of the Devonshire campus of the University of Derby.
 The Verizon Building – previously known as the Barclay-Vesey Building and the New York Telephone Company Building – is a 32-story building located at 140 West Street between Barclay and Vesey Streets going through to Washington Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The building was constructed from 1923 to 1927 and was designed in the Art Deco style by Ralph Walker of the firm McKenzie Voorhees & Gmelin.
 Quinsigamond Branch Library (now known as the Quinsigamond Elementary School) is an historic school building and former library at 812 Millbury Street in Worcester Massachusetts.The building was originally built as a Carnegie Library in 1913 with funds donated by Andrew Carnegie who was present to lay the cornerstone that year. The original library building was converted into part of the Quingisamond Elementary School. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Beauford H. Jester IV Unit (J4) is a psychiatric facility of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice located in unincorporated Fort Bend County Texas 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Richmond. It is a part of the Jester State Prison Farm property and it is located in U.S. Highway 90A.The unit was established in November 1993. The facility has wide hallways and have skylights and floor to ceiling windows. The cement walls have murals made by prisoners that depict wildlife.
 Stanley Institute also known as Rock School is a historic African American school building located at Cambridge Dorchester County Maryland. It is a rectangular one-story gable-front frame building with a small entrance vestibule built about 1865. Three original blackboards still occupy their proper locations The building was moved to its present location from a site near Church Creek in 1867.
 During the Republic of Texas a two-room log cabin in Seguin Texas sheltered travelers on the frontier as early as 1844 and became known as the Magnolia Hotel. An adjoining concrete building was erected by early 1847.
 The Clarence H. Jones House is a house located in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bach Vespers at Westminster was a two-year cycle of 34 evening worship services conducted in 2009-2011 at Westminster Presbyterian Church (Alexandria Virginia). In the course of the cycle the organist Paul Stetsenko performed the complete organ works of J. S. Bach.
 The Log Cabin Motel also known as Camp O' The Pines in Pinedale Wyoming United States was built in 1929 as a cabin camp to serve growing numbers of automobile-borne tourists bound for Yellowstone National Park. The camp was owned by Walter Scott who operated the Pinedale Cash Store. Contrary to the name Scott allowed customers to buy on credit and some worked off their credit by building cabins at Camp O' The Pines.
 Roskilde Museum is a local history museum based in Roskilde Denmark. The museum which is run by the municipalities of Roskilde Frederikssund and Lejre has eight separate branches. The main branch in Roskilde on the corner of Sankt Olsgade and Sankt Olsstræde is based in two listed buildings the Sugar House and the Liebe House a former sugar refinery and a former merchant's house respectively.
 The W. H. Stark House is a fully restored 14000-square-foot (1300 m2) Victorian home located on the corner between Green Avenue and Sixth Street in Orange Texas.
 The Government Buildings Historic Reserve or more commonly referred to as the Old Government Buildings is situated on Lambton Quay in Wellington. It was completed in 1876 and until 1998 was the second-largest wooden building in the world (after Tōdai-ji in Nara Japan).It was built to house New Zealand's civil service and now houses the Victoria University of Wellington's Law School.
 The James Noyes House built ca. 1646 is a historic First Period house at 7 Parker Street in Newbury Massachusetts USA.The house was built by the Reverend James Noyes a Reformed pastor who arrived in Newbury after landing in Ipswich in the mid-17th century. The Noyes family came from Wiltshire in England. The house dates from about 1646. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 925 Grand is the former headquarters of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and was the oldest building in active use of any Federal Reserve Bank. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.In 1913 Kansas City and St. Louis had a fierce rivalry over which city was to get a headquarters but in the end both cities received one. (Missouri is the only state to have multiple headquarters). Among the reasons noted for the award was that former Kansas City mayor James A.
 Mall of Sofia is a shopping centre in the centre of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria. It was opened on 9 June 2006 and is located at the intersection of Aleksandar Stamboliyski Boulevard and Opalchenska Street in the centre of the city.
 The Van Swearingen-Shepherd House also known as Bellevue is a Colonial Revival mansion in Shepherdstown West Virginia that is home to the descendants of Captain Thomas Shepherd founder of Shepherdstown. The house situated on a bluff overlooking the Potomac River was built in 1773 by Thomas Van Swearingen as a single-story stone house. His son also named Thomas Van Swearingen was a US Representative.
 Sant'Agostino is a church in the historical center of Genoa northern Italy. It is today deconsecrated sometimes used for representations of the nearby Teatro della Tosse.Begun by the Augustinians in 1260 it is one of the few Gothic buildings remaining in the city after the numerous demolitions in the 19th century. It has a typical façade with bichrome stripes in white marble and blue stone with a large rose window in the middle.
 St Peter's Church Quernmore is located in the village of Quernmore Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Mark Dolphinholme and Christ Church Over Wyresdale. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Cohn House in Folsom California is a building in the Queen Anne Shingle Style of Victorian architecture built in 1860 in Folsom California.The Cohn House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Shorter House is located at the end of Andrews Road in Thompson Ridge a hamlet in the Town of Crawford in Orange County New York USA. It is a late 18th century building later modified in the Greek Revival style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1998.
 RMIT Building 8 is an educational building part of the RMIT University's City campus in Melbourne Victoria. It sits at 383 Swanston Street on the northern edge of the Hoddle Grid that defines Melbourne's city center.Completed in 1993 by Edmond & Corrigan Pty Ltd in association with The Demaine Partnership Building 8 is an example of architecture in the Postmodern style.
 The U2 Tower was a proposed landmark skyscraper to be constructed in Dublin. The site was in the South Docklands (SODO) campshires at the corner of Sir John Rogerson's Quay and Britain Quay by the confluence of the River Liffey the River Dodder and the Grand Canal. The design announced on 12 October 2007 was by Foster and Partners.
 Grand Hotel Sofia is a five-star hotel in the center of Sofia Bulgaria located on Gen. Joseph C. Street in Sredets district. It is located near the Bulgarian National Theatre and the City Art Gallery in walking distance from Bulgaria Concert Hall the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral and the Vasil Levski National Stadium.
 Westminster Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian Church located in downtown Minneapolis Minnesota. Its current location is the third location in downtown in over 140 years.
 The Church of Saint Peter in Gallicantu is a Roman Catholic church located on the eastern slope of Mount Zion just outside the Old (walled) City of Jerusalem.
 The Corinthia Hotel St. Petersburg formerly the Nevskij Palace Hotel (known in Russian as Невский Палас) is a five-star hotel in Saint Petersburg Russia. It is located on Nevsky Prospect.
 The Herman Uihlein Mansion also known as The Grant C. Beutner House is in the Milwaukee suburb of Whitefish Bay Wisconsin United States.
 The Great Northern Depot in Skykomish Washington was built by the Great Northern Railway in 1894. Its original location was on the south side of the tracks at 5th Street. In 1922 the depot was moved to its present location on the north side of the tracks at 4th Street.The depot is a one story rectangular wood-frame building. It consisted of a passenger waiting room the station agent's office and a freight room.The town of Skykomish was founded as a division point on the railroad.
 The Sibley Mill is a historic building located on the Augusta Canal at 1717 Goodrich Street near downtown Augusta Georgia. Designed by Jones S. Davis it was built on a site previously occupied by the Confederate Powderworks and was completed in 1882. While the interior is typical of any textile mill of the period its imposing exterior is notable for an ornate style variously described as eclectic and neo-gothic.
 The Jefferson Street Viaduct is an historic structure located in Ottumwa Iowa United States. The riveted Warren deck truss bridge was completed in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 St. Clair Flats Front and Rear Range Light are two lighthouse structures situated off the southeastern tip of Harsens Island at Lake St. Clair. Constructed 1855–1859 the Old South Channel Range Lights were built to guide ships into the fresh water delta once known as the Venice of America.The front light began to lean in 1875 and was dismantled and rebuilt on the same stone and timber crib that it had been built on originally.
 Ananda in the Himalayas is a luxury destination spa in Narendra Nagar Uttarakhand set in the Indian Himalayas. Set in a 100-acre (40 ha) Himalayan mountain estate set amidst sal forests overlooking the river Ganges close to the towns of Rishikesh and Haridwar it was established in 2000 and was India's first destination spa. Ananda focusses on Yoga and Ayurvedic practices combined with international spa therapies.
 Worthington Hall also known as the Shawnee Playhouse was a historic theatre located in Smithfield Township Monroe County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1904.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It was delisted in 1986 after being demolished following a fire—caused by arson—on June 24 1985.
 St. John's Catholic Church established in 1834 is an historic Roman Catholic parish church in Worcester Massachusetts. It is the oldest established Catholic religious institution in the city and the oldest Catholic parish in New England outside of Boston. On March 5 1980 its 1845 church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Hiram Congdon House is a historic home located at Putnam in Washington County New York. It was built about 1848 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-by-two-bay side-gabled frame building with a 1-story ell. The main block is a 32 feet by 24 feet heavy timber-frame structure set on a rubble stone foundation.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Rochdale Crossing is a shopping centre located in the northwest corner of Regina Saskatchewan located at the corner of Rochdale & McCarthy Boulevards across from Michael A. Riffel High School. It was formerly an enclosed shopping mall called the Sherwood Village Mall until it was redeveloped into a complex of large standalone stores. The former mall was operated by the Sherwood Co-op prior to 2008 when it was sold to Avison Young.
 Pavilions of Troy was a development design concept for an open-air shopping mall office center and residential area in the Metro Detroit suburb of Troy Michigan United States. However no work is underway on this project concept. Forbes Frankel Company which owns the adjacent Somerset Collection mall acquired the site in 2009 and has not released plans for the site or stated whether they would pursue the project which had been approved for the prior owner of the site.
 The Headquarters of the Bank of the Argentine Nation (Spanish: Casa Central del Banco de la Nación Argentina) more often referred locally as Banco Nación Casa Central is a monumental bank building next to the Plaza de Mayo founding site of Buenos Aires and host of major events in the history of the country.
 Dominion Chalmers United Church is a large United church located in downtown Ottawa at the corner of Cooper and O'Connor Streets (with access from Lisgar Street). It is a 1962 merger of two key congregations from both the Methodist and Presbyterian traditions each possessing lengthy histories.
 The Forum is a popular shopping mall located on Hosur Road in Koramangala Bangalore Karnataka India developed by Prestige Group.The Forum was Bangalore's first full-fledged mall with a multi-storey book store 12 cinema halls and other entertainment facilities. Mall is popular among the youth in Bangalore and an attraction to those coming to Bangalore. The shopping mall houses 72000 m2 (780000 sq ft) of shops over five levels. A major attraction at the mall is the multiplex PVR.
 Gambier Terrace (Liverpool England) is a street of 19th-century houses overlooking St. James's Mount and Gardens and Liverpool Cathedral. It is generally reckoned to be in Canning although it falls within the Rodney Street conservation area together with Hope Street and Rodney Street.It was named after James Gambier. Numbers 1 to 10 are Grade II* Listed Buildings. They were probably designed by John Foster Junior. The terrace was built in 1832-1837.
 The Citizens State Bank of Gillett is located in Gillett Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Government House Canberra commonly known as Yarralumla is the official residence of the Governor-General of Australia. It is located in the suburb of Yarralumla in the City of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory.The house is set amid 54 hectares of parkland.
 The Thomaston Opera House in Thomaston Connecticut was built in 1883. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.It has been restored.
 Russell Henry Chittenden House is a historic home in New Haven Connecticut. It was the home of Russell Henry Chittenden from 1887 to 1943. Chittenden known as the father of American biochemistry was a professor at Yale University. The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.The irregularly shaped three-story house with Queen Anne elements was built in 1887 of brick and shingle house with tall corbelled chimneys.
 The Edward Simon Lewis House is an historic house located at 456 N Street Southwest Washington D.C. in the Southwest Waterfront neighborhood.
 The Thomas Lumb Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 44 Winfield Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is an example of the style popular during Worcester's westward expansion with well preserved Queen Anne styling. Although many details have been lost due to residing since its listing in 1990 on the National Register of Historic Places it retains decorative turned porch supports and balusters.
 Iglesia de San Andrés (Valdebárzana) is a church in Asturias Spain. It was established in 1189.
 The steamboat Bertrand carrying cargo up the Missouri River to Virginia City Montana Territory sank on April 1 1865 after hitting a snag in the river north of Omaha Nebraska. Half of its cargo was recovered 100 years later. Today the artifacts are displayed in a museum at the DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge near Missouri Valley Iowa. The display makes up the largest intact collection of Civil War-era artifacts in the United States.
 Rex House also known as the Gemberling-Rex House is a historic home located at Schaefferstown in Heidelberg Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1729 by early Pennsylvania German settlers and is a 2 1/2-story half timbered residence with horizontal wooden siding and a gable roof. It is measures 32 feet by 12 feet and has gable end brick chimneys.
 Belcher-Holden Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The house is a two story structure composed of a front gabled block on the north a large gabled wing on the south and a long woodshed addition on the southwest corner of the side-gabled wing. It was built between about 1810 and 1820 and features delicate Federal carving in the front entrance. The farm complex consists of a barn (1898) silo (ca. 1920-1950) granary (ca.
 Trinity Methodist Church also known as Trinity United Methodist Church and New Light Baptist Church is a historic Methodist church located in Richmond Virginia. It was built between 1859 and 1875 and is a three-story Italianate style stuccoed brick structure. It features a three-stage central tower with an octagonal third stage that rises above the ridge of the gable roof.
 Westfield South Shore is a super-regional shopping mall in Bay Shore New York USA. The mall is owned by the Westfield Group and has 1165000 square feet (108232 m2) of gross leasable area. The mall originally opened as the South Shore Mall on August 30 1963.
 Saint Sophia Greek Orthodox Church (in Greek: Ἁγία Σοφία Agia Sophia) was built by Charles Skouras in 1952 in what was then the Greek section of Los Angeles California. It is located at West 15th Street and South Normandie Avenue in what is now the Harvard Heights neighborhood. This Greek Orthodox church is the result of a Hollywood success story.
 Peak House is a historic house located at 347 Main Street in Medfield Massachusetts.The original house was built in 1651 by Benjamin Clark however it was burned during the King Philip's War in 1676 and the current house was rebuilt ca. 1677-80 by Seth Clark who was the owner of the original house and when it was burned. Clark re-produced an exact replica of the original house.
 Hotel Waverly is a historic hotel at 1162-1166 Acushnet Avenue in New Bedford Massachusetts.The hotel was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.Completely renovated in 2000 it is now home to low income housing and known as Talbot Apartments.
 The Center School now known as the Lincoln School Apartments is located at 1730 South 11th Street in South Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1893 it was declared an Omaha Landmark June 18 1985 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 23 1985.The building is one of only a very few major examples of the Richardsonian Romanesque style remaining in Omaha. Center School is one of 35 Omaha schools designed by architect John Latenser Sr..
 Messerschmidt Pond Wildlife Management Area is a tract of land in Westbrook Connecticut and Deep River Connecticut adjacent to Cockaponset State Forest. The area includes the millpond and former site of the Deep River Manufacturing Company (also known as Doane's Sawmill and the Messerschmidt Hardware Mill) which preserved a variety of historic manufacturing machinery until its demolition in 1987.
 Sever Hall is a notable building designed by famed American architect H. H. Richardson. It is located on the grounds of Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts within Harvard Yard and is now a National Historic Landmark.
 The Woodstock Square Historic District is located in the county seat of McHenry County Illinois which is Woodstock. The district is located in downtown Woodstock and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1982. Within the district two of Woodstock's other Registered Places can be found Woodstock Opera House and the Old McHenry County Courthouse.
 The Union Buildings (Afrikaans: Die Uniegebou) form the official seat of the South African government and also house the offices of the president of South Africa. The imposing buildings are located in Pretoria atop Meintjieskop at the northern end of Arcadia close to historic Church Square and the Voortrekker Monument. The large gardens of the Buildings are nestled between Government Avenue Vermeulen Street East Church Street the R104 and Blackwood Street.
 Temple Beth Israel (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Reform synagogue located at 801 West Michigan Avenue in Jackson Michigan. Formed in 1862 by Jews of German background it grew out of the Hebrew Benevolent Society which had been organized in 1858 and was the second Reform congregation in Michigan.Dr. Jonathan V. Plaut the son of the late rabbi Dr. W. Gunther Plaut joined as rabbi in 2000 and served the congregation until his death in 2012. In September of 2011 Rabbi S.
 St. Lucy Catholic Parish is the Roman Catholic parish church of the Latin Rite in Campbell California. The church was originally established as a Mission of Saint Martin Parish of San Jose in 1914. The current church was built in 1957.
 The Ulysses S. Grant School is an historic high school the home of the School Without Walls (Washington D.C.)It is located at 2130 G Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood.
 The Kenton Hotel is a historic hotel in Portland Oregon. It was built in 1909 added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 1990 and identified as a contributing resource in the Kenton Commercial Historic District when the district was added to the National Register on September 3 2001.
 Bella Terra is an outdoor shopping mall in Huntington Beach California. It was built on the site of the former Huntington Center.
 Noxontown consists of the remaining buildings and structures associated with a country mill site and village located near Middletown New Castle County Delaware. They are a house small frame mill shed and mill dam. The house was built by Thomas Noxon about 1740 and is a 2 1/2-story four bay brick dwelling with a two-story brick wing. The 2 1/2-story frame mill predates the house. It measures 30 feet by 40 feet and has a metal roof.
 Crumley-Lynn-Lodge House is a historic home located near Winchester Frederick County Virginia. The earliest section was built about 1759 and was a 1 1/2-story log section raised to a full two stories about 1850. About 1830 a two-story Federal style brick section was added. A two-story frame section was added to the original log section in 1987–1994.
 The Frank S. Sander House (Springbough) is a 2200-square-foot (200 m2) house located in Stamford Connecticut. It was designed by the noted architect Frank Lloyd Wright in 1952.Springbough is composed of mahogany burnt face brick and glass and is built into the side of a rocky ledge.In 2002 the house was toured by participants of the Frank Lloyd Wright Building Conservancy meeting in New York.
 The Franklin Pierce Homestead was the childhood home of the fourteenth President of the United States Franklin Pierce. Located in Hillsborough New Hampshire the home was built in 1804 by Pierce's father Benjamin Pierce. The home is one of Franklin Pierce's probable places of birth the other now lying beneath the nearby impoundment of Franklin Pierce Lake.
 John Sealy Hospital is a hospital that is a part of the University of Texas Medical Branch complex in Galveston Texas United States.
 The Cinquantenaire Museum (French: Musée du Cinquantenaire Dutch: Jubelpark museum) is located in the Cinquantenaire park in Brussels Belgium. It is part of the Royal Museums for Art and History which is a Belgian federal institute of the Belgian Federal Science Policy Office (BELSPO).
 Făgăraș Citadel (Romanian: Cetatea Făgărașului Hungarian: Fogaras Vár German: Fogarascher Burg) is a historic monument in Făgăraș Romania.
 White's Chapel United Methodist Church is a historic church in Bunkie Louisiana.It was builtin 1894 and added to the National Register in 1983.
 Vizcayne (formerly known as Everglades on the Bay) is an urban development in the City of Miami Florida United States. It is located in northeastern Downtown and forms part of the Biscayne Wall a series of skyscrapers visible from Biscayne Bay along the west side of Biscayne Boulevard. It consists of two residential skyscrapers North Tower and the South Tower as well as a retail center. The buildings were topped out (reached full height) in 2007 and were completed in early 2008.
 Co-operator Veerasingam Hall (Tamil: கூட்டுறவாளர் வீரசிங்கம் மண்டபம்; commonly known as Veerasingam Hall) is a public hall/office building in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. The hall is the main venue for conferences conventions and cultural events in the north of the country. It was named after V. Veerasingam the first president of the Federation of Co-operative Societies Jaffna District. Veerasingam had been principal of Manipay Hindu College before becoming MP for Vaddukoddai.
 The Erskine Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in West Alexander Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The K-State Student Union is the student activity center at Kansas State University. Built in 1956 the building offers various amenities.
 The Christ of Toledo Parish Church (Spanish: Parroquia Cristo de Toledo) is a Roman Catholic parish church located in the suburban neighbourhood of Villa García Montevideo Uruguay.
 Pine Hall in Pine Hall North Carolina also known as Anderson-Hanes House was built in 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Empress Alexandra Russian Muslim School for Girls (Russian: Александрийское императорское женское русско-мусульманское училище; Azeri: Aleksandra imperator rus-müsəlman qız məktəbi) of Baku (present-day Azerbaijan) was the first secular school for Muslim girls in the Russian Empire. It was built in 1901 sponsored by the Azeri oil baron and philanthropist Zeynalabdin Taghiyev.
 Craigavon Area Hospital (CAH) is a large teaching hospital in Craigavon County Armagh Northern Ireland. It serves an estimated 241000 people from the boroughs/districts of Craigavon Banbridge Armagh and Dungannon–South Tyrone. It is within the townland of Lisnisky beside the A27 road at the edge of Portadown.
 The Harlan Log House also known as The Log House was built about 1715 by Joshua Harlan is a well preserved example of an English-style log cabin near Kennett Square in Kennett Township Chester County Pennsylvania United States. It is about a half mile west of the hamlet of Fairville. Joshua Harlan was the son of George Harlan who arrived in Pennsylvania in 1687.
 The Nathan Dickerson Poole House is a historic home located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame dwelling constructed in 1871 and its design combines elements of the Victorian Gothic and Italianate styles. Also on the property are a frame barn and corn shed of early-20th-century date.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Robinson Plantation House is a historic house in Clark New Jersey built around 1690 on territory that was part of the Elizabethtown Tract and was once part of Rahway. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 as Seventeenth Century Clark House.
 The Edith Creek Chlorination House is a historic structure in Mount Rainier National Park built by the National Park Service in 1930. The rustic structure was built as part of the water supply system to the Paradise area. The low concrete building with stone veneer cladding was built to withstand very heavy snow loads. It was fed by a small dam on Edith Creek which was replaced in 1970.
 The Dorsey Mansion is a log and stone mansion built in 1878 by Stephen W. Dorsey a controversial carpetbagging Republican who served as United States Senator from Arkansas during the Reconstruction from 1873 until 1879. The mansion is located on US Route 56 east of Springer New Mexico.While a senator Dorsey purchased land near Chico Springs New Mexico and built a 36-room Gothic Victorian palace between 1878 and 1886.
 Lincoln Plaza is a 45-story high-rise in Downtown Dallas Texas. In September 2013 the building was renamed Ross Tower. The building rises to a height of 579 feet (176 m) and was completed in 1982. Currently it is the 14th-tallest building in the city.Ensco International has its corporate headquarters in Suite 4300 in the building. In 2009 Ensco announced that it will move its headquarters to London and become a British-registered company.
 US Post Office-Glen Cove is a historic post office building located at 2 Glen Cove Avenue (the NRHP mistakenly has the address as Glen Cove Street) and Bridge Street in the City of Glen Cove Nassau County New York United States. It was built in 1932 during the Great Depression as a replacement for the Old Glen Cove Post Office on 51 Glen Street.
 The Patriarchal Cathedral Basilica of Saint Mark (officially known in Italian as the Basilica Cattedrale Patriarcale di San Marco and commonly known as Saint Mark's Basilica) is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Venice northern Italy. It is the most famous of the city's churches and one of the best known examples of Italo-Byzantine architecture. It lies at the eastern end of the Piazza San Marco adjacent and connected to the Doge's Palace.
 For other castles named Takamatsu see Takamatsu castle.Takamatsu Castle (高松城 Takamatsu-jō) of Bitchu Province was a Japanese castle located in what is today the city of Okayama in Okayama Prefecture.
 The Ralph Waldo Emerson Indianapolis Public School #58 is a historic school on N. Linwood St. in Indianapolis Indiana United States. Built in 1907 according to a design by R.P. Daggett and Co. and Elmer E. Dunlap it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Catedral San Nicolás el Magno is a Roman Catholic co-cathedral located in the municipality of Rionegro Antioquia Colombia. The church under the Diocese of Sonsón-Rionegro is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and was elevated to the title of cathedral on 20 April 1968 by Pope Paul I.
 Desert Star Theater is a dinner theater establishment in Murray Utah. It started out as a small theater called the Gem which showed silent movies with a piano for music. It was later closed down and demolished but rebuilt and expanded into the Iris Theater by owner Tony Duvall.
 The Mall at Steamtown is a shopping center and the commercial centerpiece of Scranton Pennsylvania United States. It features nearly one hundred retail and specialty stores. The Mall at Steamtown was conceived in the mid-1980s as the keystone of downtown revitalization though the project was not completed until 1993. Its opening in 1993 was nationally televised on CNN and attended by then-Pennsylvania Governor Robert P.
 The United Lutheran Church is a property in Grand Forks North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It is an exceptional Art Deco building.It was built during 1931-1932 and was a daring enterprise in terms of its modern architecture and in terms of the economic times. The building is built of North Dakota brick. The top portion of the tower was added in 1941.
 The old Barony and castle fortalice or tower house of Hill of Beith lay in the feudal Regality of Kilwinning within the Baillerie of Cunninghame and the Sherrifdom of Ayr now the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland.
 The Manila Hotel is a 570-room historic five-star hotel located along Manila Bay in Manila Philippines. The hotel is the oldest premiere hotel in the Philippines built in 1909 to rival Malacañang Palace the official residence of the President of the Philippines and was opened on the commemoration of American Independence on July 4 1912. The hotel complex was built on a reclaimed area of 35000 square metres (380000 sq ft) at the northwestern end of Rizal Park along Bonifacio Drive.
 Burg Rappottenstein is a castle in Rappottenstein Lower Austria Austria.
 The Lincoln Tower in Fort Wayne Indiana United States is an Art-Deco highrise building. Construction started in late 1929 with the building's opening in 1930. For decades it was the tallest building in the state. The building was also known as Lincoln Bank Tower to distinguish it from the building at 215 Berry Street which had been known as the Lincoln Life Building from 1912 until 1923. Today that other building is commonly known by the original Elektron Building name.
 The House at 53 Linden Street is a historic house at 53 Linden Street in Brookline Massachusetts.It was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Amdavad ni Gufa (About this sound pronunciation ) is an underground art gallery in Ahmedabad India. Designed by the architect Balkrishna Vithaldas Doshi it exhibits works of the Indian artist Maqbool Fida Hussain. The gallery represents a unique juxtaposition of architecture and art. The cave-like underground structure has a roof made of multiple interconnected domes covered with a mosaic of tiles. On the inside irregular tree-like columns support the domes.
 St John Zachary (meaning St John son of St Zachary i.e. John the Baptist) was a church first mentioned in official records in 1181 within the City of London England on the north side of Gresham Street Aldersgate.
 Château d'Aramont is a château in Verberie Oise France.
 The People's Hall was a large government building in Tripoli Libya constructed in the 1970s/80s. It was the meeting place of the Libyan General People's Congress. It was normally closed to the general public.The People's Hall was burned by demonstrators on 21 February 2011 as part of the Libyan civil war. It was reignited and burned out amongst the other fires at Tripoli police stations the justice ministry at Martyrs' Square and the Shaabia headquarters on 22 February 2011.
 Lovettsville Historic District is a national historic district located at Lovettsville Loudoun County Virginia. It contains 174 contributing buildings 5 contributing sites and 2 contributing structures in a primarily residential section of Lovettsville. Most contributing resources consist of residences and associated outbuildings dating from the early-19th to early-20th centuries.
 Shoreham Congregational Church is a historic church on School Street in Shoreham Vermont.It was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Mehamn Chapel (Norwegian: Mehamn kapell) is a chapel in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Mehamn. The chapel is part of the Gamvik parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete chapel was built in 1965 and it seats about 200 people.
 The National Graphene Institute is a research institute and building at the University of Manchester that is focused on the research of graphene. Construction of the building to host the institute started in 2013.
 Elnathan Nye House is a historic house at 33 Old Main Road in Falmouth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Steyning Methodist Church is a Methodist place of worship serving Steyning and surrounding villages in the Horsham district of West Sussex England. Built for a Wesleyan Methodist congregation who had outgrown an earlier chapel nearby the Gothic Revival building opened in 1878 and has since been extended. The flint and yellow brick church is set back from Steyning's ancient High Street and is within the village conservation area. It is one of nine churches in the Worthing Methodist Circuit.
 Wellsburg Wharf is a historic wharf located at Wellsburg Brooke County West Virginia. The public wharf was built in 1836. The site consists of remains of the wharf and the foundations of two warehouses. The wharf remains consist of cobblestones along the riverbank. One of the warehouses was built by Danforth Brown.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 GRT Grand Chennai is a Luxury hotel located at T. Nagar Chennai India. It is owned by G.R. Thanga Maligai (P) Ltd a jewellery organisation based in the city.
 The Edward B. Stratton House is a historic house at 25 Kenmore Street in Newton Massachusetts.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.It was a work of Boston architect Edward B. Stratton.
 The Heritage at Millennium Park located at 130 N. Garland Court in Chicago Illinois is a mixed-use tower. Completed in 2005 with a height of 631 feet and 57 floors the building was designed by the architectural firm Solomon Cordwell Buenz (architects of Legacy Tower as well). It is the 36th-tallest building in Chicago. In what is becoming common practice with newer buildings the Heritage preserves and makes use of the façades of four existing buildings in its base.
 3 Times Square also known as the Thomson Reuters Building is a 32 floor skyscraper in the Times Square district of Midtown Manhattan New York City United States. Located on 7th Avenue between 42nd Street and 43rd Street the building was part of the large 42nd Street redevelopment project. Built in by Tishman Construction the 885000-square-foot (82200 m2) building serves as the headquarters of Thomson Reuters.
 Creeting St. Mary Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 William Scott Farmstead also known as the Roberts House and Ennis Pond House is a historic home located near Windsor Isle of Wight County Virginia. The house was built about 1775 and is a two-story five bay gable roofed brick dwelling. It has a rear frame addition dated to the mid- to late-19th century. The front facade features a pedimented one bay porch supported by Doric order columns. The interior retains much of its early Federal interior woodwork.
 St. George's Church is the oldest church in the city of Hyderabad India. It was built in 1844 AD. The church was originally an Anglican church but is now under the auspices of the Church of South India.
 The Caitlin Raymond International Registry (CRIR) is a bone marrow registry that is a subsidiary of the University of Massachusetts Memorial Medical Center in Worcester Massachusetts.
 Emerald Square is a large three-story indoor shopping mall in North Attleboro Massachusetts managed and co-owned by the Simon Property Group. Located off Interstate 295 and US 1 the mall is anchored by JCPenney Macy's and Sears.
 The Haikou Great Hall of the People (海口市人民大会堂) is a performance venue located adjacent to the west side of Evergreen Park Haikou City Hainan Province China.
 St. Mary's Parochial School is a historic parochial school on Beaver Street south of Broad Street in New Britain Connecticut.It was built in 1904 in a Colonial Revival/Classical Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 St. Katherine's Chapel also known as St. Katherine's Episcopal Chapel is an historic Episcopal church building located at 4650 North Meridian Road in Williamston Township near Williamston Michigan. It was built 1n 1887 in the Carpenter Gothic style of architecture by John Harris Forster in memory of his daughter Kittie (real name Katherine) who had died in 1864 at the age of six. In 1888 Forster gave the chapel to Episcopal Diocese of Michigan and it was named St.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church is a historic church and active congregation at 9 Summer Street in Augusta Maine just west of downtown.The parish dates from 1840. Its current building was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. This structure replaced an older smaller wood structure built in 1841 which was located just north of the current site of Lithgow Library.
 St George's Church Morebath is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Morebath.
 The church of San Marcuola a church dedicated the saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus (Marcuola is a Venetian contraction of Ermacora) is a religious building facing the Grand Canal and located in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice Italy.The present church was first erected in the 12th century. Major reconstruction was designed by Antonio Gaspari and completed in 1730-1736 by Giorgio Massari. The facade was never completed.
 Frimley Park Hospital NHS Foundation Trust runs Frimley Park Hospital a large 720-bed NHS hospital in Frimley Surrey.The Chair of the trust is Sir Michael Aaronson CBE. The Chief Executive is Andrew Morris.It opened in 1974 to provide a full range of district general hospital services for North East Hampshire and West Surrey a catchment population of about 365000.
 St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Wadsworth Congregational Church; Old Mennonite Church) is a historic church at 146 College Street in Wadsworth Ohio.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register in 1973.
 Chase-Crowley-Keep House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County New York. It is a stone structure built in 1856 in the Italianate style. A 1903-1905 remodeling was in the Colonial Revival style. It was built for Edward Ithcar Chase brother of Supreme Court Justice Salmon P. Chase who was a frequent visitor. In 1967 the property was converted for use by the Lockport Presbyterian Home as a nursing home.
 Bonsecours Market (French: Marché Bonsecours) at 350 rue Saint-Paul in Old Montreal is a two-story domed public market. For more than 100 years it was the main public market in the Montreal area. It also briefly accommodated the Parliament of United Canada for one session in 1849.Named for the adjacent Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel it opened in 1847. During 1849 the building was used for the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.
 Holly Grove Mansion also known as Holly Grove Inn or Ruffner Mansion is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia on the grounds of the West Virginia State Capitol. It is a large brick house with a front section made to accommodate three floors and rear section housing two. It features a massive two story semi-circular portico at the front entrance.
 The United Methodist Church of the Highlands originally First Presbyterian Church of Highland Falls is located on Main Street in Highland Falls New York United States. It is a Frederick Clarke Withers building from the 1860s in the Romanesque Revival architectural style.It was the first church founded in the village. In 1982 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places along with other properties in the Hudson Highlands.
 Samuel and Johanna Jones Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Amsterdam in Montgomery County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1840 and is in the Greek Revival style. It consists of a 2-story main block three bays wide and three bays deep with a 2-story rear wing. Attached is a 1 1⁄2-story tee wing with a 1-story wing. It features an oriel window covered wooden balconies and porches.
 The Pierce Organ Pipe Factory is a historic factory building at 10-12 Pierce Street in Reading Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the two story wood frame Italianate structure was built in 1852 by Samuel Pierce who had begun the manufacture of organ pipes in his nearby house in the 1840s. The building was expanded several times over the 19th century.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Queen's Castle also known as Camp Fossenvue or simply Fossenvue is the remnant of a historic camp located at Lodi in Seneca County New York. It is a rustic lakeside camp structure built about 1881 on the shore of Seneca Lake. It is a one story roughly square 17 feet 6 inches by 18 feet structure surmounted by a steeply pitched wood shingled hipped roof.
 32 King Street is the address of an historic warehouse building in King Street Bristol England.It was built around 1860 and is now occupied by a restaurant. The contemporary 14 and 15 King Street are of similar design.It has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
 The Mary Ann Shadd Cary House is a historic residence located at 1421 W Street Northwest in Washington D.C. From 1881 to 1885 it was the home of Mary Ann Shadd Cary a writer and abolitionist who was one of the first African American female journalists in North America and who became one of the first black female lawyers after the American Civil War.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark on December 8 1976 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Coffee Creek Correctional Facility is a women's prison and prisoner intake center in Wilsonville Oregon United States. Operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections the 1684-bed facility opened in 2001 at a 108-acre (0.44 km2) campus. The selection of the location for the prison was controversial and included legal challenges. The minimum and medium security facility operates several programs designed to teach skills to inmates. Coffee Creek is the only women's prison in Oregon.
 Ham Long Church (Vietnamese: Nhà thờ Hàm Long) is a Roman Catholic church in the center district Hoan Kiem of Hanoi Vietnam. The church was built at the end of the 19th century near an old street named Hàm Long from which Ham Long Church was called. Today Ham Long Church is one of the three major churches of Hanoi together with Cua Bac Church and Saint Joseph Cathedral.
 The Nathaniel Russell House is a historic house located in downtown Charleston South Carolina near High Battery. It belonged to Nathaniel Russell a Rhode Island merchant who spent $80000 on this Adamesque building before 1809. He and his wife Sarah Russell lived in the house during the early 19th century. It was sold to the state in 1955 by the Pelzer family and today is used by the Historic Charleston Foundation as offices and also for tours.
 Southwest Plaza is an enclosed shopping mall located in unincorporated Jefferson County Colorado United States immediately south of Denver. Littleton is commonly indicated in the mall's postal address because its ZIP code is primarily associated with that city which lies some two miles west. The mall has two levels with over 150 stores plus a food court.
 The Bates Building is a historic house in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States. A two-story building constructed in a vernacular style of architecture it is one of the oldest buildings on Eastern Avenue in the neighborhood.Constructed in 1865 the Bates Building is a simple frame building with a gabled roof of shingles; it is three bays wide and each side is a single bay.
 The InterContinental Toronto Centre is a hotel in downtown Toronto Canada. It is part of the Metro Toronto Convention Centre complex on Front Street West in the former Railway Lands. The hotel operations are run by InterContinental Hotels.Formerly L'Hotel CN the hotel was built by the Canadian National Railway in 1984. It was operated by Canadian National Hotels from 1984 to 1988 sold to Crowne Plaza and renamed Crowne Plaza Hotel Toronto.
 The State Cultural Centre of Turkmenistan ((Turkmen)) is a multipurpose performance facility in the Ashgabat Turkmenistan. Located at Archabil avenue it was founded by the first President of Turkmenistan Saparmurat Niyazov. It is a place for a wide variety of cultural performances. It was opened in 2007. In the past bore the name of Saparmurat Turkmenbashi the Great.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin in Middleton West Yorkshire England is an active Anglican parish church in the Armley deanery in the archdeaconry of Leeds and the Diocese of Leeds. The church and its lych gate are Grade II listed buildings.
 Jesus Lifehouse International Church is a Pentecostal church associated with the Australian Christian Churches and part of the Hillsong Church family.It has churches located in Japan (Tokyo Yokohama Osaka Sapporo Bali and Hong Kong.The churches senior pastors Rod and Viv Plummer began the church in 2002 in Tokyo with a team of 10 Australians and 1 Japanese couple.Currently over 1500 people attend Tokyo services with over 3000 people across all campuses.Jesus Lifehouse Church has a close relationship with Hillsong Church in Australia and use mainly Hillsong worship music in services. 
 The U.S. Post Office in Hyde Park New York serves the 12538 ZIP Code. It is a stone building in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style located on East Market Street (Dutchess County Route 41) just east of US 9.It is a stone building modeled on an early house in the region. President Franklin D. Roosevelt a native of Hyde Park took a personal interest in the construction of the new building during the New Deal. A series of murals inside depict major events in local history.
 The Church of St. Mary is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 1101 Bay Street Staten Island New York City. St. Mary's is the second oldest of the 36 Roman Catholic parishes on Staten Island having been established in 1852 after St. Peter's (1839) and before St. Joseph's (1855).
 Nolynn Baptist Church is a historic church in Hodgenville Kentucky.It was built in 1810 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Altes Pumpwerk or Old pumping station is located in Bremen in Germany. The disused sewage pumping station is now used as a museum showing the history of water treatment.
 Nový Smíchov is a shopping mall located west of the centre of Prague in the Czech Republic. It opened in 2001. The mall has a retail area of 60000 square metres (650000 sq ft). It is one of the biggest shopping centres in the Czech Republic.
 Grand Imperial Hotel is a hotel in Kampala Uganda's capital and largest city in that country.
 The Susquehanna Art Museum is a public art museum in United States. It is located in historic downtown Harrisburg Pennsylvania the state's capital.
 Fort Smith National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in Fort Smith Sebastian County Arkansas. It encompasses 22.3 acres (9.0 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 13127 interments.
 Walnut Square Mall is a shopping mall located in Dalton Georgia. Opened in 1980 the mall features more than 75 inline tenants as well as four anchor stores: Sears J.C. Penney and two Belk stores. The mall is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 John Harned House is a historic home located at Centerport in Suffolk County New York USA. It consists of two 1 1⁄2-story three-bay gable-roof sections built about 1850. It has a shed-roofed porch on square columns and a central chimney. Also located on the property is a contributing late-19th-century barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Names Hill is a bluff located on the bank of the Green River in the U.S. state of Wyoming where travelers on the Oregon and California trails carved their names into the rock. It one of three notable recording areas along the emigrant trails in Wyoming along with Register Cliff and Independence Rock.
 The Transamerica Pyramid is the tallest skyscraper in the San Francisco skyline. The building no longer houses the headquarters of the Transamerica Corporation who moved their U.S. headquarters to Baltimore Maryland but it is still associated with the company and is depicted in the company's logo. Designed by architect William Pereira and built by Hathaway Dinwiddie Construction Company at 853 ft (260 m) on completion in 1972 it was the eighth tallest building in the world.
 Saint Catherine's Church (Finnish: Pyhän Katariinan kirkko Swedish: S:ta Katarina kyrka) is located in Nummi a suburb of Turku Finland in the same district as Turku Student Village. It represents old medieval stone church building tradition. Although it was once completely destroyed and has undergone several renovations it has preserved something of its original appearance and retains the basic plan of a medieval Finnish church.
 Tyrone Armory is an historic National Guard armory located at Tyrone Blair County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1912 and 1918 and is an I-plan building built of Medina sandstone in the Late Gothic Revival style. The two-story front section houses administrative functions and the rear is the former stable area. Between these sections is the drill hall which has a hipped roof.The armory was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Disco: A Decade of Saturday Nights organized by Experience Music Project in Seattle Washington was the first major museum exhibition to explore the rich complex world of disco.
 The Elizabeth Frost Tenanthouse is an historic house at 35 Bowdoin Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The two story frame house was built in 1812 and was originally located on Massachusetts Avenue. It was next to the David Frost House and was moved in the 1840s to its present location to make way for new construction.
 St Andrew's Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Sydney in the Anglican Church of Australia. The cathedral is the seat of the Anglican Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of New South Wales the Most Reverend Glenn Davies elected August 2013. The Dean of Sydney since 2003 is the Very Reverend Phillip Jensen.Located in central Sydney the cathedral is one of the city's finest examples of Gothic Revival architecture.
 Medicine Hat Mall is a shopping mall located in Medicine Hat Alberta Canada. It is located in the southern portion of the city.The mall has more than 100 stores and services including The Bay Target Sears Safeway and Galaxy Cinemas.
 M'Clintock House also known as the Baptist Parsonage is a historic home located at Waterloo in Seneca County New York. It is a two story Federal style brick dwelling built in 1833-1836. The home is notable as the residence of Quaker pharmacist Thomas M'Clintock and his wife Mary Ann from 1836 to 1856.
 King Ranch located in South Texas between Corpus Christi and Brownsville is one of the largest ranches in the world. (The world's largest is the 6000000 acre Anna Creek station in Australia and the largest contiguous U.S. ranch is the Waggoner Ranch near Vernon Texas.) The King Ranch comprises 825000 acres (3340 km2; 1289 sq mi)and was founded in 1853 by Captain Richard King and Gideon K.
 Dick House is a historic home located at Germantown in Columbia County New York. It was built about 1860 and is five bays wide and two bays deep with a gable roof. There is a flat roofed west wing. It has a center hall plan with Italianate style detailing on the interior.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 The Shakespeare Public House (grid reference ST586725) is an historic public house situated on Prince Street in Bristol England. (Not to be confused with the Shakespeare Inn Bristol.)It dates from 1725 and was built by John Strahan as a pair of attached Georgian houses and later converted into a public house.It is a grade II* listed building.
 Katuaq (Danish: Grønlands Kulturhus) is a cultural centre in Nuuk Greenland. It is used for concerts exhibitions conferences and as a cinema. Designed by Schmidt Hammer Lassen it was constructed as a joint project of the Greenland Home Rule Government the Nuuk Municipal Council and the Nordic Council of Ministers and was inaugurated on 15 February 1997.
 Exchange Hall built in 1860 is a historic Italianate style hall on Quimby Square at the intersection of Main and School Streets in the village of South Acton in Acton Massachusetts. Exchange Hall is situated in close proximity to two revolutionary-era historic structures in South Acton: Jones Tavern and the Faulkner House. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Fort Union Trading Post National Historic Site is the site of a partially reconstructed trading post on the Missouri River and the North Dakota/Montana border twenty-five miles from Williston North Dakota. It is one of the earliest declared National Historic Landmarks in the United States.
 The Rosenberg Brothers Department Store building is located in downtown Albany Georgia USA. The three-story brick structure was built in 1924 in an Italianate/Neo-Renaissance Classical Revival style by J.C. Hind and J. T. Murphy.Jacob Rosenberg was a Jewish merchant who leased a store at this prominent corner lot in 1896. The site was owned by the Tift family who founded Albany.
 Standard Oil Building also known as the Stanbalt Building is a historic office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a 15-story Beaux Arts skyscraper designed by Clyde N. Friz (1867-1942) one of Baltimore’s best-known Beaux Arts designers and built in 1922. The steel-frame U-shaped office building is clad in limestone.
 Congregational Church of Ludlow is a historic church at 48 Pleasant Street in the village of Ludlow in Vermont.It was built in 1891 in a Shingle Style architecture design. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Easthampton Massachusetts United States. It was founded in 1909. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. It close in June 2010.
 The Butler Street Gatehouse at Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built 1848 in the Gothic Revival style by John Chislett Pittsburgh's first well-known architect and the founder of the cemetery. A chapel and offices designed by Henry Moser were added in 1870.The gatehouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. The entire Allegheny Cemetery was listed on the National Register in 1980
 The Sioux City Masonic Temple in Sioux City Iowa is a building from 1922. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Sheraton Addis is a hotel in Addis Ababa Ethiopia. It is part of Starwood's Luxury Collection. It has 293 rooms as well as a number of villas.
 St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Chicopee Massachusetts United States. Founded 1891. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
 First Methodist Church (First United Methodist Church) is a historic church building at 412 W. Main Street in Tupelo Mississippi.It was built in 1899 in a Gothic Revival style. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Sager House is a historic home located at Moravia in Cayuga County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame Queen Anne–style residence. The house was built in 1884. Also on the property is a 2-story frame carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Trelew Omega Transmitter (station F) situated at Golfo Nuevo 40 km outside Trelew Argentina at 43.053553°S 65.190781°W﻿ / -43.053553; -65.190781 was a grounded 366m high steel guyed mast antenna which was the tallest construction in South America. It was demolished on June 23 1998 by explosives.
 Lehigh Valley Silk Mills is a historic silk mill complex located at Fountain Hill Northampton County Pennsylvania. The complex consisted of two firms: the Lipps & Sutton Silk Mill constructed between 1886 and 1904 and the Warren Mill constructed in 1895. The buildings are of red brick vernacular construction. The Lipps & Sutton Mill designed by locally prominent architect A. W.
 Edwin M. Stanton School is a historic school building located in the Southwest Center City neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1925-1926. It is a three-story 10 bay by 3 bay brick building on a raised basement in the Art Deco-style. The entrance features a portico with Doric order columns and terra cotta colored tiles. It also has a stone cornice with colored ttera cotta tile and a brick parapet. It was named for Edwin M.
 The North Carolina Museum of History is located in downtown Raleigh North Carolina. Admission is free. Special programs include educational programs for children and families as well as craft demonstrations music concerts and other events for visitors and members. The Museum Shop features an assortment of North Carolina–made crafts and products.
 Wabbaseka Methodist Episcopal Church South is a historic church on US 79 in Wabbeseka Arkansas.It was built in 1925 and added to the National Register in 2002.
 The Film Center redirects here. Not to be confused with the Film Center Building in New York CityThe Gene Siskel Film Center formerly The Film Center of the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and commonly referred to as The Film Center or The Gene Siskel is the cinematheque attached to The School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
 Estabrook House in Syracuse New York was built in 1909. Along with other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes in Syracuse it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The home's design includes a gambrel roof and a jettied second story.It is located at 819 Comstock Ave. in Syracuse.The Charles Estabrook Mansion is another Ward home in Fayetteville outside Syracuse.
 Castle Hill Hospital is an NHS hospital to the west of Cottingham East Riding of Yorkshire England and is run by Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at 404 Washington Avenue in Weldon North Carolina.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1991.
 The Lifeboat Inn is a public house and inn in Ship Lane Thornham Norfolk England. It lies near the wooded grounds of Thornham Manor. The white-painted pub was originally built in the 16th century and was a smuggler's ale house. It consists of two main buildings; the main inn having 13 double rooms with the other being the Old Coach House which has 9 rooms.
 Pathé Tuschinski is a movie theater in the Netherlands in Amsterdam commissioned by Abraham Icek Tuschinski in 1921 at a cost of 4 million guilders. The interior and exterior are a spectacular mix of styles as designed by Hijman Louis de Jong; Amsterdam School Jugendstil Art Nouveau and Art Deco. The main auditorium hosts many premieres of Dutch films.
 Hallaren Church (Norwegian: Hallaren kirke) is a church in the village of Storhallaren in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church was built in 1881 and has a capacity to seat 400 people. It was the main church for the old municipality of Sør-Frøya.
 The John Muir National Historic Site is located in the San Francisco Bay Area in Martinez Contra Costa County California. It preserves the 14-room Italianate Victorian mansion where the naturalist and writer John Muir lived as well as a nearby 325 acres (132 ha) tract of native oak woodlands and grasslands historically owned by the Muir family. The main site is on the edge of town in the shadow of State Route 4 also known as the John Muir Parkway.
 The Center for the Performing Arts building was designed to house three major components of Fine Arts academics of Miami University: the Miami University Theater the theater department and the music department.
 The Frisco Depot (Frisco being a common shortening of the St. Louis – San Francisco Railway) in Fayetteville Arkansas is a railroad depot built in 1925. The last passenger trains left Frisco Depot in 1965 and starting in 2011 the depot's interior housed a Chipotle Mexican Grill. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 8 1988.
 The Curtis-Kittleson House is located in Madison Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Westminster Village-Academy Hill Historic District is a historic district on Bacon Adams Main Dawley Academy Hill Leominster and Pleasant Streets in Westminster Massachusetts. The district includes the town's 1839 Greek Revival town hall.The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Billie Creek Covered Bridge is a Burr Arch structure that was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1895. It is 78 feet (24 m) long 15 feet (4.6 m) wide and 12.5 feet (3.8 m) high and located in Billie Creek Village in Rockville Indiana.
 The house at 249 Main Street (New York State Route 301) Nelsonville New York United States was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as part of the Hudson Highlands Multiple Resource Area.
 The Hoopes-Smith House is a late Victorian period Queen Anne Style home built between 1890 and 1892 in Rockport Texas by James M. Hoopes (1839–1931) a prominent local businessman and land developer.The home later served as a boarding house between 1894 and 1930. In 1934 the house was sold to T. Noah Smith Sr.
 The Hopewell Presbyterian Church is located at the junction of Thompson Ridge Road (Orange County Route 17) and NY 302 in the Thompson Ridge section of the Town of Crawford in Orange County New York.The church itself was established in 1778 in a stone building 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the present site. It moved to the current building a stone Gothic revival building in 1831. In 1968 an addition was built on the back and in 1998 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Nagina Masjid (meaning 'Jewel Mosque') is a mosque in Champaner Gujarat state western India. It was built during the time of Mahmud Begada in the 15th century as were several other masjids such as the Kevada Bawaman Ek Minar Jama Khajuri and Shahar Ki. It has minarets globe-like domes and narrow stairs. It is part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 The Church of the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 160 Van Cortlandt Park South Kingsbridge / Marble Hill Bronx New York City New York.The parish was established in 1928. The original structure was a combined school-over-church common to the city. Construction of the Major Deegan Expressway caused the church to moved to its present site in 1951.
 Goodsell House is a historic home located at Old Forge in Herkimer County New York. It was built in 1899 and is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame vernacular Queen Anne–style house with a gable ell. The main block is over a limestone foundation. Also on the property is a 2 1⁄2-story carriage house/garage and an ice house.
 Drake-Curtis House is a historic home located at Cochecton in Sullivan County New York. It is a vernacular frame Federal period dwelling. It features a 1 1⁄2-story central block built about 1810 flanked by 1-story wings added about 1840 and 1850. Also on the property are dry-laid stone retaining walls and a small 19th-century privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Iglesia de Santa María del Conceyu (Llanes) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church in Harpers Ferry West Virginia occupies a prominent location on the heights above Harpers Ferry. The original church was built in 1833 in a pseudo-Gothic style which it kept through the Civil War in which it was the only church in Harpers Ferry to escape destruction. The church was extensively altered in 1896 in the then-popular Neo-Gothic style to produce the church seen today.
 Jones Mill Run Historic District is a national historic district located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It encompasses one contributing building one contributing site and two contributing structures. They are the Thomas Swearingen House (c. 1760); site of the mill including the stone foundation and head and tail races; and the double stone bridge. The house is a small limestone building in the Georgian style.
 St. Cecilia Church is a Roman Catholic Parish Church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and a historic landmark located at 120 East 106th Street between Park Avenue and Lexington Avenue Manhattan New York City in the U.S. state of New York. The parish was established in 1873. It was staffed by the Redemptorist Fathers from 1939-2007. The church was designated a New York City landmark in 1976. The church and convent were listed on the U.S.
 The Ateneo de Manila University Dormitory is a twin-building on-campus dormitory for college students of the Ateneo de Manila University. Built in 2008 the Dormitory buildings stand seven stories high and can accommodate over 600 students. It is located behind the Church of the Gesù and overlooks the scenic Marikina Valley.
 Anna Howard Shaw Junior High School is a historic junior high school building located in the Southwest Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1922-1924. It is a three-story 17 bay brick building on a raised stone basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It is in the shape of a shallow W.
 Wilmington National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Wilmington in New Hanover County North Carolina. It encompasses 5.1 acres (2.1 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 6171 interred remains.
 Cole Chapel School is a historic school in Hartshorne Oklahoma. It was built in 1936 and was added to the National Register in 1988.
 National City Tower is a skyscraper in Downtown Louisville Kentucky United States and located at 101 South Fifth Street. Completed in 1972 the 40-story 512-foot (156 m) high structure was designed by architects Wallace Harrison and Max Abramovitz based on the timeless designs of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe.
 Jacob Hayes House is a historic home located in Newlin Township Chester County Pennsylvania near the West Branch of Brandywine Creek. The house was built in 1841 and is a two-story stuccoed stone dwelling in a Federal / Greek Revival style.
 The Ephraim and Emma Woodworth Truesdell House is a private house located at 1224 Haggerty Road in Canton Township Michigan. The structure is significant because it is one of the most finely crafted houses in the township and because of its association with one of the most important families in the area. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Charles Samuel Richter House is a house in Montello Wisconsin United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was built by Charles Samuel Richter the president of the Montello Granite Company. It is sited on a hill overlooking both Montello Lake and Buffalo Lake. The plans were drawn in 1908 and construction lasted three years until it was completed in 1912. The house has thick walls with granite on the exterior and cinderblock in the middle.
 Crandall Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The frame farmhouse was built about 1870 and is a two story frame residence in the vernacular Italianate style. Also on the property are two barns carriage house privy shed and cobblestone well house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Piedmont Number One is a former textile plant and former National Historic Landmark in Piedmont Greenville County South Carolina. It burned in 1983.
 Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch (Chinese: 臺北市立圖書館北投分館; pinyin: Táiběi Shìlì Túshūguǎn Běitóu Fēnguǎn) is a public library in Beitou Park located within Beitou District northern Taipei Taiwan.It is a two-storey building that was formally opened in November 2006. The library is notable as being constructed to be an eco-friendly green building.
 The Dillingham Transportation Building was built in 1929 for Walter F. Dillingham of Honolulu Hawaiʻi who founded the Hawaiian Dredging Company (later Dillingham Construction) and ran the Oahu Railway and Land Company founded by his father Benjamin Franklin Dillingham. The building was designed in an Italian Renaissance Revival by architect Lincoln Rogers of Los Angeles who also designed the Hawaii State Art Museum (1928).
 Federal Barn also known as the barn at Cressbrook Farm is a historic barn located in Tredyffrin Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The barn was built in two sections; the older dated to 1792 and the second section to about 1840. It is a two-story. six bay Pennsylvania bank barn. It is of fieldstone and frame construction and has a gable roof. The barn is located about 150 feet from Cressbrook Farm house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Congregation Beth Israel also known as the Orchard Street Shul is a traditional synagogue in New Haven Connecticut.
 The Sir Thomas Brisbane Planetarium is a planetarium located on the grounds of Brisbane Botanic Gardens in the suburb of Toowong Brisbane Queensland Australia. The Planetarium was officially opened on 24 May 1978.The Planetarium is named after Sir Thomas Brisbane governor of New South Wales (1821 - 1825) and well known Scottish astronomer who established the first significant observatory in Australia for mapping the southern skies.
 Colorado State Penitentiary (commonly abbreviated CSP) is a Level V maximum security prison. The facility stands in the state's East Cañon Complex with six other state correctional facilities of various security levels.
 The Kraków-Podgórze Detention Centre (Polish: Areszt Śledczy Kraków Podgórze) is a correctional facility located at ul. Stefana Czarnieckiego 3 in Kraków Poland in the municipal district of Podgórze. Originally it was a turn-of-the-century County Court and revenue service built in 1905 from design by Ferdynand Liebling. At present it is a community branch of Detention Centre Kraków with main building located at ul. Montelupich 7 street.
 The William Blodgett House is a historic house at 11 Fairmont Avenue in Newton Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1875 and is an excellent representation of Stick style architecture. It has irregular massing and a wealth of ornate woodwork on its porches eaves and gable ends.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 where it is listed at 645 Centre Street.
 Higham Gobion Castle was an 11th-century castle located in the village of Higham Gobion now part of the civil parish of Shillington in the English county of Bedfordshire.The castle was a timber motte and bailey fortress built by the Gobion family from which the castle and neighboring town derive their name sometime after the Norman Invasion of 1066. Built in a marshy site it encompased a large triangular area.
 YMCA Philadelphia also the Philadelphia Freedom Valley YMCA was founded on June 15 1854 by George H. Stuart a prominent Philadelphia business man and importer.
 The Nicholas Koester Building is an historic building located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1983. The building is a two story brick structure that sits on the southeast corner of West Third and Fillmore Streets. It’s part of a small commercial district near the historic German neighborhoods and the industrial areas along the Mississippi River.
 Florya Atatürk Marine Mansion (Turkish: Florya Atatürk Deniz Köşkü) is a historic presidential residence located offshore in the Sea of Marmara in the Florya neighborhood of the Bakırköy district in Istanbul Turkey.It was built in 1935 by the municipality of Istanbul for Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's recreational use. The building is a historic house museum today.
 The Dr. William and Elizabeth Blackburn House is an historic two-story wooden house located at 219 South Tyler Avenue in Pierre South Dakota. Designed in the Stick or Eastlake style of Queen Anne style architecture it was built in 1885 by local banker and real estate speculator H. O. Fishback. In 1887 it was bought by the Rev. Dr.
 Wisma Innoprise is the state secretariat building for Sabah state government. This building was built by Innoprise Corporation Sdn. Bhd (ICSB) an investment arm of Yayasan Sabah (Sabah Foundation). This building houses the offices for ICSB and also the Sabah chief minister office at 18th floor.
 The Prince Arthur Hotel now known as The Prince Arthur Hotel and Suites is a hotel in Thunder Bay Ontario. The hotel was originally built by the Canadian National Railway and was operated as a CN Hotel until 1988. As CN divested its hotel properties to CP Hotels the hotel was sold and now operates as an independent.
 The Eldean Covered Bridge spans the Great Miami River in Miami County Ohio and was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It is an example of a Long truss bridge i.e. of design by Stephen H. Long.At 224 feet long for its two spans it is the longest surviving example of its type. The Old Blenheim Bridge in New York with a total length of 232 feet in a single span was longer but was destroyed by a flood in 2011.
 B. Williams & Co. Store is a historic country store located near Mathews Mathews County Virginia. It was built in 1869-1870 and is a two-story frame mercantile building. The building features Classical Greek Revival elements including an original cornice with dentilled molding and curved brackets.
 Reformed Dutch Church of Blawenburg (Blawenburg Reformed Church) is a historic church at 424 CR 518 in the Blawenburg section of Montgomery Township in Somerset County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1830 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Locust Grove is a historic home located near Amicus Greene County Virginia. It was built about 1798 and is a two-story frame dwelling with a one-story wing. The main section has a metal-sheathed gable roof and exterior gable-end brick chimneys.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Palm Beach Town Hall is a historic site in Palm Beach Florida United States. It is located at 360 South County Road. On January 28 2005 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.Originally built in 1925 to designs by Harvey & Clarke with additions and renovations by several notable architects.
 The Samsung Town (Korean: 삼성타운) is a major office park in Seocho-gu in Seoul South Korea. It serves as the IT and electronics hub for the multinational corporation Samsung.Samsung Electronics Samsung C&T and Samsung Life Insurance have built three buildings which are 44 34 and 32 stories respectively. Samsung Town was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox.
 Gaomin Temple (Chinese: 高旻寺) is a Buddhist Temple in Hanjiang District of Yangzhou Jiangsu Province of China. During the Qing Dynasty it was considered one of the eight great temples of Yangzhou.The temple is situated in a semi-rural setting about 7 km south of downtown Yangzhou on the western shore of the Old Channel of the Grand Canal of China just south of its junction with the Yizheng-Yangzhou Canal.
 St Andrews Community Hospital is a small hospital to the south of the university town of St Andrews in Fife Scotland. The 10800 square metres (116000 sq ft) complex hosts the town's three General Medical Practices a pharmacy and a range of inpatient and outpatient health services. A Minor Injuries Unit handles lesser accidents such as lacerations and fractures; full Accident and Emergency services are available at nearby Ninewells Hospital in Dundee and Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy.
 The Indian Bar Trail Shelter in Mount Rainier National Park is a rustic shelter on the Wonderland Trail built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1940. The shelter features stone walls and a log roof structure to a design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel. Measuring about 23 feet (7.0 m) by 26 feet (7.9 m) it is one of two CCC shelters remaining on the trail with the earlier Summerland Trail Shelter.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Margaretville now Margaretville New Kingston Presbyterian Church is located on Orchard Street in Margaretville New York United States. It is an ornate wooden church built late in the 19th century.It was built shortly after the congregation was established using the open plan interior favored by revivalists of the area as more conducive to worship. A rear wing was built on the church in the 1960s.
 The Neue Synagoge (New Synagogue) was built 1859–1866 as the main synagogue of the Berlin Jewish community on Oranienburger Straße. Because of its splendid eastern Moorish style and resemblance to the Alhambra it is an important architectural monument of the second half of the 19th century in Berlin.The building was designed by Eduard Knoblauch.
 The Mathias Hansen House (Danish: Mathias Hansen Housns Gård) is a former Renaissance-style townhouse on Amagertorv in central Copenhagen Denmark. Built in 1616 it is one of few buildings of its kind which has survived the Copenhagen Fires of 1728 and 1795. It now contains a flagship store for the Royal Copenhagen porcelain factory.
 The Heard-Lakeman House is a historic house at 2 Turkey Shore Road in Ipswich Massachusetts. Nathaniel and John Heard built this 2.5 story wood frame house in 1776 for Nathaniel to live in. He sold it in 1795 to Richard Lakeman III member of a seafaring family. The house is notable for an extremely large chimney with an arched foundation over 11 feet (3.4 m) long which supports two large fireplaces.
 James C. House is a historic home at 156 Q Street Southwest Washington D.C. in the Buzzard Point neighborhood.James C. Dent was born a slave in 1855 in southern Maryland. He was a laborer and married Mary a seamstress; in 1885 they helped found the Mount Moriah Baptist Church.It served as a Community Assistance Center. Pepco owns the property.
 The Bozeman Carnegie Library in Bozeman Montana was built in 1903–1904 with funding from Andrew Carnegie. City librarian Bell Chrisman led the effort to convince the city to seek Carnegie funds. It is one of 17 libraries in Montana and 1679 in the United States funded by Carnegie. It was built on a Greek Cross plan in Classical Revival style with Roman Doric columns supporting a triangular pediment at its entrance.
 The Basilica of Our Lady of Lanka is a Roman Catholic church with basilica status located in Tewatte Sri Lanka. Being thus located in a somewhat distant suburb of Colombo it comes under the purview of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo and is a site of pilgrimage for Sri Lankan Catholics. The church is home to the venerated statue of Our Lady of Lanka.
 Englefield House is an Elizabethan country house with surrounding estate at Englefield in the English county of Berkshire owned by the Benyon family. The gardens are open to the public all year round on particular weekdays and the house by appointment only for large groups.
 The Orenda/SP-26 Historic District Chopawamsic RDA Camp 3 near Triangle Virginia dates from 1934. It was a Recreational Demonstration Area camp that includes work designed by the National Park Service and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 Seattle Children's formerly Children's Hospital and Regional Medical Center is a 250-bed children's hospital in the Laurelhurst neighborhood of Seattle Washington. Currently ranked as one of the top 10 children's hospitals in America by U.S. News & World Report Children's serves as a major pediatric referral center for Washington Alaska Montana and Idaho.
 The Church of St. John the Evangelist Hucknall is a parish church in the Church of England in Hucknall Nottinghamshire.
 St. John's Church Mansfield is a parish church in the Church of England located in Mansfield Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade II listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a building of special architectural or historic interest.
 American Legion Hall at 219 W. Legion Way in Olympia Washington was built in 1921. It served as a meeting hall and as a sport facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The concrete stucco and brick structure was designed by Joseph Wohleb.
 The Church of San Martín de Luiña (Spanish: Iglesia de San Martín de Luiña) is a Baroque church located in Escalada in Asturias Spain. The parish church is located at the top of the hill which is surrounded by the residential areas of Escalada. The current church begun in 1718 was completed in 1726 according to the inscription on the lintel of the door.
 The Pitkin County Courthouse is located on East Main Street (State Highway 82) in Aspen Colorado United States. It is a large brick building erected in the late 19th century that serves as offices not just of Pitkin County's courts but its other governmental agencies and the Aspen police. A landmark of the city it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.Like many courthouses it has a statue of Lady Justice in the front.
 The Dr. Lawrence Branch Young House is a historic home located in Rolesville North Carolina a satellite town of the state capital Raleigh. Built in 1903 the Young house is the only example of Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architecture in Rolesville. The two-story white house features a wraparound porch tall brick chimneys and steep pyramidal roofs. In September 2003 the Dr. Lawrence Branch Young House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Phineas Pemberton House also known as the Bolton Mansion is a historic home located in Bristol Township Levittown Bucks County Pennsylvania. It consists of four connected structures built between 1687 and 1790. The original houses was built in 1687 and is now the rear wing. It is a two-story fieldstone structure with brick chimneys. The main section was built in 1790 and is a two-story four-bay fieldstone structure in the Georgian style. It has a gambrel roof.
 The Champlain Apartment Building also known as the Orme Building is an historic structure located at 1424 K St. Northwest Washington D.C. in the Downtown neighborhood.
 The John Whittlesey Jr. House was built in 1693. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The former Alexander Classical School today Alexander Town Hall is located on Buffalo Street in Alexander New York United States. It is a three-story cobblestone building erected in the 1830s.It has a number of distinctions among cobblestone buildings many of which are located in the region of New York south of Lake Ontario where the cobblestones used were sourced. It is one of the few to reach three stories high and one of the few originally designed for educational purposes.
 The Vine–Oakwood–Green Bay Road Historic District is a residential historic district in Lake Forest Illinois. The district contains twenty houses on Oakwood Ave. Vine Ave. and Green Bay Road.
 Tirana International Hotel (also referred to as Albanian: Pesëmbëdhjetëkatëshi English: The Fifteen-floors) is an international hotel located between the central Skanderbeg Square and the Zogu I Boulevard in central Tirana Albania. Originally built in 1979 in a Soviet-era architectural style and named Hotel Tirana it is now one of Albania's most prestigious hotels with a noted Conference Centre and with two floors devoted to executive suites.
 District School 2 is a historic one room school building located at Coventryville in Chenango County New York. It is a one story wood frame building on a cut stone foundation built in 1852. It is three bays wide and two bays deep with a broad gable roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 For the US railway see Rutland RailwayRutland Railway Museum now trading as Rocks by Rail: The Living Ironstone Museum is a heritage railway on part of a former Midland Railway mineral branch line. It is situated north east of Oakham in Rutland England.
 Mechanics' Hall District is a historic district comprising properties between 282 and 343 Main Street in Worcester Massachusetts.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Letterkenny General Hospital (LGH) (Irish: Ospidéal Ginearálta Leitir Ceanainn) is an acute general and maternity hospital serving 147000 inhabitants of County Donegal in Ireland.One of Ireland's busiest the campus is divided by a main road heading north towards Inishowen. A teaching hospital it maintains links with NUI Galway LYIT and the Royal College of Surgeons. The General Manager is Sean Murphy the Director of Nursing is Dr. Anne Flood and the Clinical Director is Dr.
 Haydon Hall was one of the three main houses of Eastcote within what is now the London Borough of Hillingdon. The house was built in 1630 as a home for Lady Alice Dowager Countess of Derby who had been living in Harefield. The house remained in the ownership of Lady Alice's descendants for several years on the side of her eldest daughter.
 St. Ignatius Church is a Roman Catholic parish church of the Archdiocese of Washington located at 2317 Brinkley Rd. Oxon Hill in Prince George's County Maryland. The historic church structure was constructed between 1890 and 1891. The 1 1⁄2-story structure is wood frame with clapboarding and shingling in imbricated pattern.
 Watkin's Tower was a partially completed iron lattice tower in London England UK. Its construction was an ambitious project to create a 358-metre (1175 ft)-high visitor attraction in Wembley Park to the north of the city led by the railway entrepreneur Sir Edward Watkin. Marketed as the Great Tower of London it was designed to surpass the height of the Eiffel Tower in Paris. The tower was never completed and it was demolished in 1904.
 The Depot Historic District is an industrial and commercial neighborhood in downtown Raleigh North Carolina that was the city's railroad and warehouse distribution hub from the 1850s to 1950s. Located two blocks west of Fayetteville Street and to the north and east of the Norfolk and Southern railroad tracks the district contains four blocks of 35 brick buildings that date from the 1880s to early 1950s.
 The National Mint of Bolivia (Spanish: Casa de la Moneda de Bolivia) or the Mint of Potosí (in colonial era) is a mint located in the city of Potosí in Bolivia. It is from this mint that most of the silver shipped through the Spanish Main came. The coinage minted during its period became so well known in the world that a saying memorialized by Miguel de Cervantes came into use: valer un potosí to be worth a potosí (that is a fortune).
 Bridge in Yardley Borough was a historic stone arch bridge located at Scammells Corner in Yardley Bucks County Pennsylvania. It had a single span 13 feet long and was constructed in 1889. It was constructed of coursed rubble masonry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Sometime after listing the bridge was replaced with a concrete bridge span.
 Green Spring Plantation in James City County about five miles (8 km) west of Williamsburg was the 17th century plantation of one of the more popular governors of Colonial Virginia in North America Sir William Berkeley and his second wife. Sir William Berkeley who served several terms is perhaps the best-known of Virginia's colonial governors. It is believed by many historians that the well-known Berkeley Plantation in nearby Charles City County was named in his honor.
 First Baptist Church of Cornish is a historic church at Meriden Stage Road and NH 120 in Cornish Flat New Hampshire.It was built in 1803 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 St. Theresa Roman Catholic Church is a historic church in Rhodelia Kentucky.It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 First Parish Church is a historic church at 207 Maine Street in Brunswick Maine.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. On May 2 1851 American author Harriet Beecher Stowe had a vision while sitting in pew 23 here wherein she saw an enslaved man wounded from a beating he endured from his enslaver. The incident inspired her book Uncle Tom's Cabin.
 Robina Town Centre is a large shopping centre covering 34 hectares (84 acres) in the suburb of Robina Queensland with over 350 retail outlets covering over 125000 square metres (1350000 sq ft).
 The Elijah Herndon House is located in California Kentucky and built in the Federal style. Elijah Herndon married and moved to Campbell County Kentucky before 1800 where he is listed on the census. Elijah appears on the Scott County Kentucky tax lists for 1796 where he lived with his father Lewis Herndon. Elijah Herndon was born in Goochland County Virginia November 27 1774.
 The Cameron Art Museum formerly known as St. John’s Museum of Art was established in 1964 in historic downtown Wilmington North Carolina. The museum operated successfully in the downtown area for forty years and grew enormously during this time. In 2001 St John’s Museum of Art had outgrown its small downtown gallery space and was relocated to the intersection of Independence and 17th Streets changing its name to the Cameron Art Museum.
 The Church of St Mary the Virgin Deane is a Church of England parish church in Deane Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is a member of Deane deanery in the archdeaconry of Bolton diocese of Manchester. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Bowman-Chamberlain House also known as McAllister Home was built in 1893. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1975.It was designed by Reuben Broadbent.NRHP nom and accompanying photos
 Unitarian Meetinghouse is a historic meetinghouse building at the junction of CT Route 169 and CT Route 6 in Brooklyn Connecticut.The church building was constructed in 1771 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The building is owned and maintained by the Unitarian Universalist Society in Brooklyn CT. The UUSB are the direct successors of the first Unitarian congregation in Connecticut. Its first Unitarian minister Rev.
 Eastville Mercantile also known as Eastville Drugstore is a historic commercial building located at Eastville Northampton County Virginia. It was built about 1850 and is a two-story rectangular frame building located in the center of the town's historic main thoroughfare. It measures 18 feet wide by 50 feet deep and has a front gable roof with unadorned bargeboard. It is in the form of a traditional Chesapeake store.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Knights of Columbus Building in Downtown New Haven Connecticut is the headquarters of the Roman Catholic fraternal service organization the Knights of Columbus. Also known as the Knights of Columbus Tower the building was designed by Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo and Associates and finished in 1969. This 23-storey modern style reinforced concrete building at 321 feet (98 meters) tall is the third-tallest building in the city's skyline.
 The Shawneetown Bank State Historic Site is a historic bank building located in the U.S. state of Illinois. A Greek Revival structure built in 1839-1841 in Old Shawneetown Illinois the former Bank of Illinois is currently owned by the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency.
 The Lowell Grange also known as Lowell School in Lowell Oregon was built in 1940. Historically it served as a school and as a meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Midtown Plaza is a shopping mall in Downtown Saskatoon Saskatchewan Canada that is owned by Primaris Retail REIT. The two main anchors are Sears Canada and The Bay and the shopping centre has a total store count of approximately 130 stores making it the largest shopping centre in Saskatchewan.
 Harmonia Hall is a meeting hall in Waumandee Wisconsin which was originally used by the Harmonie Gesellschaft a group of German and Swiss Freethinkers. The Harmonie Gesellschaft founded in Waumandee 1861 built the hall in 1890 for the group's meetings and events. Joseph Schafer a carpenter from Arcadia designed and built the hall in the Mid 19th Century Revival style.
 La Chèvre d'Or is a Relais & Châteaux hotel located in the medieval city of Èze in the south of France and is housed in a medieval castle rebuilt in the 1920s.
 St. Rose (of Lima) Church also known as St. Rosa Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Cincinnati Ohio's East End neighborhood at 2501 Riverside Drive (formerly Eastern Avenue). Located near the banks of the Ohio River the church has endured many floods as evidenced by a high water mark painted on the rear side.
 The Xbox 360 Lounge was a venue in Aoyama Tokyo close to the upscale Omotesandō Tokyo shopping area. It was opened on November 1 2005 to boost Xbox 360 awareness in Japan several weeks before the Xbox 360 release on November 22 2005. The lounge was composed of three main areas: a 256 m² event space equipped with five large display screens an area containing Xbox 360 game kiosks and a 70-seat café. It was open daily from November 1 2005 to February 12 2006.
 Morris Memorial Hospital for Crippled Children also known as Morris Memorial Nursing Home is a historic hospital building located at Milton Cabell County West Virginia. It was built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration as a hospital for children with polio. The modified U-shaped limestone building consists of a two-story central section flanked by 1 1/2-story Y shaped wings. The central section features a domed and louvered cupola and a two-story portico.
 AME Church of New Haven is a historic church at 225 Selma Street in New Haven Missouri.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Salt Lake Masonic Temple is the Masonic headquarters for Utah and is Salt Lake City's best example of Egyptian Revival Architecture. It was completed in 1927 and is located in the South Temple Historic District of Salt Lake City Utah.
 St. Paul’s historic Landmark Center completed in 1902 originally served as the United States Post Office Court House and Custom House for the state of Minnesota. It was designed by Willoughby J. Edbrooke who served as Supervising Architect of the U.S. Treasury Department in 1891-92. Edbrooke designed a body of public architecture much of which like this structure was completed after his death in 1896.
 Exchange Street Historic District is a historic district roughly along Exchange Front and Fountain Streets in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Connellsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Washington Township Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1938 and is a one-story I-plan brick building in the Moderne style. It consists of three sections: administration building drill hall and stable. Its construction was funded in part by the Public Works Administration.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St. Nicholas Church in Wszembórz is a brick Roman Catholic church located in the village of Wszembórz in Gmina Kołaczkowo Greater Poland. It is a parish church.
 Iglesia de San Nicolás (Avilés) is probably the oldest church in Avilés Asturias Spain.
 Havré Castle (French: Château d'Havré) is a ruined castle in the village of Havré in the town of Mons province of Hainaut Belgium.
 Little Company of Mary Hospital is a hospital in Evergreen Park Illinois USA. The hospital was founded on January 19 1930 by the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary.The first human organ transplant (kidney) was performed here in 1950 on a 44-year old woman who suffered from polycystic kidney disease.
 The Taylor Memorial Library also known as Taylor Library or Old Library in Milford Connecticut was built in 1894. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque building designed by Joseph W. Northrup. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It follows but departs from H. H. Richardson's design of the Crane Memorial Library in Massachusetts.
 North Conway 5 and 10 Cent Store (also known as North Conway 5 cent to $1.00 Store) is a historic general store at 2683 Main Street in North Conway New Hampshire.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 St Mary the Virgin's Church West Stockwith is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in West Stockwith.
 Packer Memorial Chapel (also known as Packer Memorial Church) is a historic church on the campus of Lehigh University in Bethlehem Pennsylvania.It was designed by Philadelphia architect Addison Hutton and built in 1885 when the university was affiliated with the Episcopal Church. It was donated by Mary Packer Cummings in memory of her father Asa Packer. The chapel was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.Packer Memorial Church is currently an Episcopal church on campus.
 John Young House in Geetingsville Indiana also known as the Young-Carter House was built in 1860. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 St. James Anglican Church is a church building of the Anglican Church of Canada located on the corner of East Cordova Street and Gore Street in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The original building was completed in the spring of 1881 and was sponsored by Captain James Raymur the manager of Hastings Mill. This building burned down in the Great Vancouver Fire in 1886. The heat of the fire melted the church bell into a puddle that was eventually put on display at the Museum of Vancouver.
 The Carpenter Lakeside and Springvale Cemeteries are historic cemeteries located on Newman and Pawtucket Avenues in East Providence Rhode Island.The cemeteries were constructed in 1844 and added to the National Historic Register in 1980. This group of adjacent/combined cemeteries also includes The Rumford Cemetery and the Hunt Cemetery.
 The Clock Tower of Ulcinj (Albanian: Sahat Kulla) was built in Ulcinj Montenegro in 1754 with the help of donations made by the citizens of Ulcinj. The main purposes of the tower were calling people to their jobs reminding them of their duties and making them aware of the time. Its location was carefully chosen as it can be seen or its clock heard from every part of the town. It has a rectangular base and it was made of a nicely unregular cut stone.
 Haltdalen Church (Norwegian: Haltdalen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Haltdalen. The church was built in 1881 by architects Jacob Digre and Gustav Olsen. The wooden building was built in the Neo-gothic style and was built to hold about 300 people.The church is part of the Haltdalen parish in the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Crystal Falls Dam and Power Plant is a utility located on the Paint River off Powerplant Road on the north side of Crystal Falls Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Ventnor Priory was a priory in the Isle of Wight England.
 Hotel Inglaterra is the oldest hotel in Cuba and one of the most classic hotels in Havana. It is located at Paseo del Prado #416 between San Rafael and San Miguel in Havana Cuba. The Hotel was founded on December 23 1875 and built in neoclassic style. Winston Churchill stayed in Hotel Inglaterra while visiting Cuba as a military observer during the Spanish-Cuban war in 1895.
 The Miami-Dade County Courthouse formerly known as the Dade County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at 73 West Flagler Street in Miami Florida. Constructed over four years (1925–28) it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on January 4 1989. The building is 360 feet (120 m) tall with 28 floors. When it was built it was the tallest building in Miami and in Florida.It is still in use as the main civil courthouse of Miami-Dade County.
 The Graycliff estate was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright (1867–1959) and was built between 1926 and 1931. It is located about 20 minutes south of downtown Buffalo New York at 6472 Old Lake Shore Road in Derby New York. Sometimes called The Jewel on the Lake Graycliff is sited on a bluff overlooking Lake Erie with sweeping views of downtown Buffalo and the Canadian shore.Graycliff is one of the most ambitious and extensive summer estates Wright ever designed.
 The Waterside Shops is an upscale open-air mall located on Tamiami Trail in Pelican Bay Florida just to the north of Naples Florida. Opened in 1992 the mall features Nordstrom (formerly Jacobson's) and Saks Fifth Avenue as anchor tenants. The mall opened with 85% of its retail space leased. Since 2003 the mall has been managed by the Southfield Michigan-based Forbes Company which also operates several other upscale malls in Michigan and Florida.
 All Souls Chapel is a historic chapel at Poland Spring in Poland Maine. It was built in 1912. In 1977 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.The chapel was built in 1912 for use by the staff and guests of the Poland Spring Resort. It is now owned by the Poland Spring Preservation Society which also owns the Maine State Building (from the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago).The chapel has a series of beautiful hand painted windows and a wonderful Ernest M.
 The Kintner-Withers House also known as Cedar Farm is on the National Register of Historic Places south of Laconia Indiana along the Ohio River. Jacob Kintner aided by his wife Elizabeth built the structure in 1837. It is one of only 2 antebellum plantation-style complexes known to remain in Indiana comprised originally on 600 acres (240 ha) of land (this eventually peaked at 1000 acres).
 Schloss Rosegg is a castle in Rosegg Carinthia Austria.The castle features a large wildlife park with many animals tours of the castle with rooms displays and life-size wax figures in period clothing and a large hedge maze. Other activities include contemporary art exhibits summer events concerts theater programs and a café.
 Mister C's Steak House was a landmark Italian restaurant located at 5319 North 30th Street in North Omaha Nebraska. After operating for almost 55 years the restaurant closed September 30 2007. The mayor of Omaha and Omaha City Council declared September 18 2007 Mister C and Mary Caniglia Day in honor of the owners' service to the city through the restaurant. The North Omaha Commercial Club also honored them.
 St Augustine the Less was a Church of England parish church in Bristol England first attested in 1240 rebuilt in 1480 damaged in 1940 by fire and demolished in 1962. It took its name from its proximity to the church of the Abbey of St Augustine (St Augustine the Great) which is now Bristol Cathedral.The parish was united with that of St George's Church Brandon Hill after the Second World War.
 Spring Garden School No. 1 is a historic school building located in the Poplar neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1927-1928. It is a three-story three bay brick building in the Moderne-style. It features a limestone entrance surround a limestone parapet and decorative tile.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Balfron Tower is a 27-storey residential building in Poplar a district of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in the East End of London. It forms part of the Brownfield Estate an area of social housing between Chrisp Street Market and the A12 northern approach to the Blackwall Tunnel. It was designed by Ernő Goldfinger in 1963 for the London County Council built 1965-67 by the GLC and has been a Grade II listed building since 1996.
 The Quad at Whittier is a shopping mall in Whittier California.It was built in 1953 an expanded in 1965 with the addition of a May Company California department store. Hinshaw's and F. C. Nash were other major tenants.After the center was destroyed by an earthquake in 1987 its owners began renovating it as a strip mall.
 Ivyside Farm is a historic home and farm located at Claymont New Castle County Delaware. It was built in three sections with the earliest dated to about 1795. The earliest section is a 2 1/2-story two bay single pile structure built of Brandywine granite. The second section was constructed in 1853 and is a two-story three-bay side-hall double pile structure of Brandywine granite. It is in the Greek Revival style.
 Stalker Hall is the current home of the College of Arts and Sciences at Indiana State University. Originally named the Education & Social Studies Building upon completion in 1954 it was renamed Stalker Hall in 1966 in honor of Francis Marion Stalker a long-member of the Faculty from 1892-1929.From 2004 - 2005 it underwent a $5.5 million renovation which addressed structural technological and cosmetic deficiencies.
 Lady Helen is one of the restaurants in the Mount Juliet Golf & Spa Hotel in Thomastown County Kilkenny Ireland. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star for 2014.Head chef of Lady Helen is Cormac Rowe. The restaurant is named after Lady Helen McCalmont of the McCalmont family the last owners of the house.
 Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Lowell Massachusetts United States. Founded in 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Boston.↑
 The Longgang Mosque or Lungkang Mosque (Chinese: 龍岡清真寺; pinyin: Lónggāng Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Zhongli City Taoyuan County Taiwan. It is the fifth mosque to be built in Taiwan.
 The Barber Institute of Fine Arts is an art gallery and concert hall in Birmingham England. It is situated in purpose-built premises on the campus of the University of Birmingham.The Grade II listed Art Deco building was designed by Robert Atkinson in the 1930s and opened in 1939 by Queen Mary.
 The Pythian Home of Missouri also known as Pythian Castle in Springfield Missouri was originally built in 1913 by the Knights of Pythias and later owned by the U.S. Military.It was once believed that German and Italian prisoners-of-war were held there during World War II But later research found that no German nor Italian prisoners were held in the castle itself although P.O.W's were there they were kept in the army hospital out back of the castle.
 Alpine County Courthouse is a building built in 1928 in Markleeville California.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.The courthouse was constructed of a light cream colored massive rhyolite tuff which was quarried above nearby Silver Mountain City. Designed by prolific Nevada architect Frederic Joseph DeLongchamps the building was originally intended to be a two-story structure but financial considerations limited it to one story.
 HM Prison Acklington was a Category C men's prison located near the village of Acklington a few miles from Amble) in Northumberland England. Acklington Prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.HMP Acklington was the most northerly adult prison in England and was built on the site of the former RAF Acklington airfield.
 Four Seasons Hotel and Private Residences Denver is a 565 feet (172 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 2010 and has 45 stories and 766487 sq ft (71209 m2) of usable floor space. It is estimated to cost $350 million which would make it the most expensive privately owned building ever constructed in Denver.
 The Bearwallow Mountain Lookout Cabins and Shed are located in the Bearwallow Park near Mogollon New Mexico. Built in 1940 by the Works Progress Administration they are one of three New Deal-era buildings in the Gila National Forest which also include the El Caso Lookout Complex and the Mangas Mountain Lookout Complex. In 2006 the buildings were threatened by the Bear Fire which burned across Bearwallow Mountain.
 The Union County Courthouse is an historic redbrick courthouse building located in Lake Butler Florida. Designed by John Pearson of Gainesville in the Classical Revival style it was built in 1936 by the Works Project Administration to serve Union County which had been carved out of Bradford County in 1921. It is located on the site of a former courthouse that served the county of New River Bradford's original name. In 1967 additions to the courthouse were designed by Harry E.
 The George Markell Farmstead is a historic home and farm complex located at Frederick Frederick County Maryland United States. It consists of brick house built about 1865 a brick smokehouse a bake oven two stone domestic outbuildings an ice house a springhouse a frame stable a frame chicken house a mid-20th century guest house and various sheds and outbuildings. Nearby is a large gambrel-roofed concrete block barn.
 7 World Trade Center is a building in the World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan New York City. It is the second building to bear that name and address in that location. The original structure was completed in 1987 and was destroyed in the September 11 attacks. The current building opened in 2006.
 Century Plaza Towers are two 44-story 174-metre (571 ft) twin towers located at 2029 and 2049 Century Park East in Century City Los Angeles California.Commissioned by Alcoa the towers were designed by Minoru Yamasaki and completed in 1975. The towers resemble Yamasaki's World Trade Center in their vertical black and gray lines and the use of aluminum exteriors. The towers have an unusual triangular footprint and are landmarks that are clearly seen around the Los Angeles Westside.
 The Crane Hill Masonic Lodge is a historic building in Crane Hill Alabama which was built in 1904. Built as a meeting hall for Crane Hill Masonic Lodge #554 it has also housed a school. As of 2013 the lodge no longer exists.The building is a free standing gable front structure. It was historically used as a meeting hall as a school as a multiple dwelling and as a department store.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Columbus City Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.It was designed by architect Truman D. Allen.
 The Thompson and Powell Martyrs Monument is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in St. Joseph Kentucky one of only three locations of the NRHP in Daviess County Kentucky that is not in Owensboro Kentucky.It honors two Confederate soldiers who were killed in accordance with the standing order of the Union general in command of Kentucky Stephen G. Burbridge known as Order No.
 The Dwight Street Historic District is an irregularly-shaped 135-acre (55 ha) historic district in New Haven Connecticut. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 1983 out of 629 buildings in the district 595 were deemed contributing buildings. The historic district includes most of the Dwight neighborhood and several blocks of the northeast corner of the West River neighborhood.
 Schellsburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Schellsburg Bedford County Pennsylvania. The district includes 92 contributing buildings in the crossroads community of Schellsburg. The buildings date between about 1810 and 1949 and include notable examples of Prairie School and Federal style architecture.
 Hotel Ukrayina (Ukrainian: Готель Україна; Russian: Гостиница Украина) is a four-star hotel located in central Kiev the capital of Ukraine. The hotel was built in 1961 as the Hotel Moscow in a location which originally was occupied by Kiev's first skyscraper the Ginzburg House. The construction of the hotel finished the architectural ensemble of Kiev's main street the Khreshchatyk which formed the post-war reconstruction of central Kiev.
 The Nathan Wild House is an historic building in Valatie Columbia County New York United States. Built by Nathan Wild a prominent local figure in 1826 the original Federal-style building was continually expanded throughout the years as the Wild family's textile mills in the area flourished. The residence was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as a result of its historical and architectural significance and is now a bed and breakfast.
 Bayles Shipyard is a historic shipyard located at Port Jefferson in Suffolk County New York. It includes the 1897 Bayles Chandlery the 1917 Machine Shop and Mould Loft and the 1917 Compressor House.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Building at 600 Main Street in Barnstable Massachusetts is a historic commercial building built in 1920. It is a 1.5 story wood frame building whose gable roof is pierced by a three-part dormer surrounded by a balustrade. The building has retained almost all of its original details more so than the nearly-identical building at 595 Main Street which has not.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Shiloh Methodist Church is a historic church in Inman South Carolina.It was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Mt. Sinai Baptist Church is a historic church at 512 Henry Street in Eden North Carolina.It was built in 1921 and added to the National Register in 1987.
 Ellen Furnace Site (38CK68) is a historic archaeological site located near Gaffney Cherokee County South Carolina. The site includes a partially collapsed but well-preserved iron furnace constructed about 1838 of quarried stone and two earthen sluiceways. Also present are building foundations tramway road beds and ore mines. It is directly associated with the nearby Susan Furnace Site.
 Trinity Episcopal Church (also known as St. John's Parish) is a historic church at 3rd and Oak Streets in Pine Bluff Arkansas.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register in 1974.
 Tbilisi State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre is situated on Rustaveli Avenue in the center of Tbilisi Georgia. It is the oldest opera house in Georgia. The Tbilisi Opera has hosted opera stars such as Montserrat Caballé and José Carreras. It was the venue for the gala concert in celebration of the inauguration of President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili. and has held many ballet performances.
 The United States Penitentiary Leavenworth (USP Leavenworth) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Kansas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice. It also includes a satellite prison camp for minimum-security male offenders.USP Leavenworth is located 25 miles north of Kansas City Kansas.
 This article is about the historic church in Austin Texas. For other uses see St. David's Episcopal Church (disambiguation)St. David's Episcopal Church is a historic church in downtown Austin Texas. Its main church building was constructed in 1854-1855 making it one of the oldest standing buildings in the city. The first Episcopal church in Austin was briefly organized in 1848 nine years after Austin was founded.
 The former Westminster Presbyterian Church (also known as The First Spiritualist Temple) is a historic church building at 77 S. 6th Street in Columbus Ohio.Built in 1857 in the Romanesque Revival style it was originally home to Westminster Presbyterian Church. Spiritualists acquired the property after Westminster Presbyterian merged with another church circa 1900.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Værnes Church (Norwegian: Værnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Prestmoen near Værnes. The church is part of the Stjørdal parish in the Stjørdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church was built around the year 1100 to seat about 400 people. It is located along the Stjørdalselva river just east of the Trondheim Airport Værnes.
 Bevier Memorial Building is a historic institutional building built originally for the Rochester Athaneaum and Mechanics Institute located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It is a three and a half brick story with ceramic trim designed by Claude Fayette Bragdon and completed in 1910.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Harrington Machine Shop is a historic industrial building located in the Franklintown neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It is located next to the former Middishade Clothing Factory. It was built in 1903 and is a five-story steel and wood frame brick and ashlar stone. It measures 215 feet by 100 feet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The interior has been converted into loft apartments.
 El Rancho Hotel Gallup New Mexico is an historic hotel built by the brother of film director D.W. Griffith. It is located on old U.S. Route 66 and became the temporary home for many Hollywood movie stars.
 Lloyd Dean House is a historic house located at 164 Dean Street in Taunton Massachusetts. It was built in 1825 in a transitional Greek Revival/Federal style. The property was later owned by Dr. J.W. Hayward. The five bay 1-1/2 story cottage originally contained clapboard siding with operating wood shutters and a central doorway with molded wood trim and a large leaded transom with sidelights. It also had two end chimneys. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Dr. Ephraim McDowell House also known as McDowell House was a home of medical doctor Ephraim McDowell.The home was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 The Northwest Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch which opened in 2001 offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials.
 The Church of St Vincent de Paul Liverpool is a Roman Catholic parish church in St James Street Liverpool England. It is an active parish church in the Archdiocese of Liverpool and the Pastoral Area of Liverpool South. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The House at 15 Wave Avenue in Wakefield Massachusetts is a well-preserved Italianate style house. It was built between 1875 and 1883 at a time when the town was experiencing significant growth. The 2.5 story wood frame structure has round arch windows in the gable end extended eaves with paired decorative brackets and a richly decorated single story front porch.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Mode Gakuen Cocoon Tower (モード学園コクーンタワー Mōdo gakuen kokūn tawā) is a 204-metre (669 ft) 50-story educational facility located in the Nishi-Shinjuku district in Shinjuku Tokyo Japan. The building is home to three educational institutions: Tokyo Mode Gakuen (fashion vocational school) HAL Tokyo (special technology and design college) and Shuto Ikō (medical college).
 Jaisalmer TV Tower is one of the tallest structures in India located at Jaisalmer. It has a pinnacle height of 300 m (980 ft).27.381180°N 70.495051°E﻿ / 27.381180; 70.495051
 Desert View Watchtower also known as the Indian Watchtower at Desert View is a 70-foot (21 m)-high stone building located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon within Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona United States. The tower is located at Desert View more than 20 miles (32 km) to the east of the main developed area at Grand Canyon Village toward the east entrance to the park.
 Good Samaritan Hospital the oldest and largest private teaching and specialty health care facility in Cincinnati Ohio United States was opened in 1852 under the sponsorship of the Sisters of Charity. The hospital is member of TriHealth a joint operating agreement between Catholic Health Initiatives and Bethesda Inc. Cincinnati to manage Good Samaritan.
 Sudler House is a historic home located in Bridgeville Sussex County Delaware. The original section was built about 1750 and is a two-story six bay frame dwelling sheathed in cypress shingles in a vernacular style. The original three-bay section was enlarged during the Federal period. The interior features a gracefully designed staircase with square balusters has an unusual double carved bracket trim and panelled base. Francis Asbury (1745-1816) preached here.
 Moore's Crossing Historic District is a community located in rural Travis County nine miles southeast of Austin Texas near the Austin-Bergstrom International Airport.The location was used as a low-water crossing of Onion Creek as early as the 1840s but did not receive its current name until the early 1900s when John B. Moore built a store in the area. Moore's Crossing was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 1996
 The Syntagma Metro Station Archeological Collection is a museum in Athens Greece. It is located at the Syntagma station of the Athens metro and it features a variety of historical items unearthed during the process of building the metro.
 Fäviken is a restaurant located in Järpen Sweden. It has been run by chef Magnus Nilsson since 2008. The food served at the restaurant is localised to the estates around the restaurant with only a handful of exceptions. Fäviken was placed in The World's 50 Best Restaurants in 2012 and named as one of the top ten restaurants in the world by the Zagat guide in 2013.
 Riverdale Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 4761-4765 Henry Hudson Parkway in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx New York City. It was designed in 1863 by noted architect James Renwick Jr.. The church is a fieldstone building in an English-inspired Late Gothic Revival style.
 Malwala Palace was built in 1845 and is located in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India. Malwala Palace was located along the road leading towards east from Charminar. It was constructed in Mughal and Rajasthani style and in Hyderabadi courtyard style was known for its richly carved wooden pavilion.
 The Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Tower (abbreviated as APIIC Tower) is a 450 m (1476 ft) 100-storey skyscraper planned for construction in Hyderabad India. The tower is to be part of a 100 acres (40 ha) business district in the Manchirevula suburb of Hyderabad.
 Farmleigh is the official Irish State guest house. It was formerly one of the Dublin residences of the Guinness family. It is situated on an elevated position above the River Liffey to the north-west of the Phoenix Park. The estate of 78 acres (32 ha) consists of extensive private gardens with stands of mature cypress pine and oak trees a boating pond walled garden sunken garden out offices and a herd of rare native Kerry cattle.
 The Eisenhower Birthplace State Historic Site is located at 609 S. Lamar Avenue in Denison Grayson County in the U.S. state of Texas. President Dwight D. Eisenhower was born in the house on October 14 1890 the first United States President to be born in Texas.
 Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Memorial is a museum and exhibition centre dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at Moti Shahi Mahal located in Shahibaug Ahmedabad Gujarat. Moti Shahi Mahal was constructed by Mughal emperor Shahjahan between 1618 and 1622. It is surrounded by a garden.
 Regions Hospital is a teaching hospital located in St. Paul Minnesota part of the HealthPartners system. The hospital is an ACS verified Level I Trauma Center for both children and adults and was Minnesota's first pediatric level one trauma center. Regions Hospital is a leading full-service private hospital with special programs in heart cancer behavioral health burn emergency and trauma.
 The Smith Estate also known as El Mio (Spanish: mine or my place) is a historic Victorian house perched on a hilltop in the Highland Park section of Los Angeles California. The street El Mio is named after the house which is how the Smith family referred to it during their residence there. Built in 1887 the house was designed in the Queen Anne style by an unknown architect.
 Third Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Cleveland North Carolina.The congregation was founded in 1751 and the first meeting house was located in the center of what is now the cemetery. The current church building was constructed in 1835. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Henry E. Durfee Farmhouse is a historic Greek Revival farm house at 281 Eastford Road in Southbridge Massachusetts. The house is despite its now somewhat suburban setting a reminder of the rural past of that portion of southern Southbridge. Construction of the house is estimated to have been in 1849 around the time of Henry Durfee's marriage; the house was built on land that probably belonged to his mother's family.
 Summa Akron City Hospital part of Summa Health System was founded in 1892 in Akron Ohio United States. From the first accredited radiology department in the country to the first adult open heart surgery in Akron (and one of the first in the country) Summa Akron City Hospital has achieved national recognition as a healthcare provider.Summa Akron City Hospital is a Level 1 Trauma Center a Certified Chest Pain Center and a Certified Stroke Center.
 South Front Street Historic District is a national historic district located in the Queen Village neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It encompasses seven contributing buildings including the Nathaniel Irish House Widow Maloby's Tavern and Capt. Thomas Moore House.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Mercer County Courthouse in Princeton West Virginia was built in 1930-31 in the Art Moderne style. Designed by Alex B. Mahood it is the most significant example of the style in southern West Virginia. Friezes above the front and rear doors were designed by Mrs. S.L. Mahood the mother of the architect.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Greenspoint Mall is a shopping mall located in Greenspoint and in Houston Texas at the northeast corner of Interstate 45 and Beltway 8. It is anchored by retailers Dillard's and Macy's. In 2000 the mall was among the largest five Houston-area retail developments based on net rentable area.
 Lasher-Davis House is a historic home located at Nelliston in Montgomery County New York. It was built in 1865 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story frame building with a gable roof. It features an attractive porch with cut-out railings and brackets under the porch eaves.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Geneva Country Day School also known as the Geneva Memorial Community Center is an historic building in Geneva Illinois. The school originated in the barn of Mr. and Mrs. William D. Bangs after they decided to tutor their sick son and his friends. Eventually this school which they called the Adventure School outgrew the barn and a new building was required. The Bangs family contracted Holabird & Roche to develop the building and the new school opened in 1927.
 Capt. David Vickery House is an historic house at 33 Plain Street in Taunton Massachusetts.The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Ten Square is a four-star hotel in Donegall Square South Belfast Northern Ireland and is located a few metres away from the City Hall.
 The Knights of Pythias Pavilion in Franklin Tennessee also known as Carlisle House is a Classical Revival architecture building designed by Henry Gibel and built in 1897.
 Burg Neuberg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 NewSpring Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Anderson South Carolina affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention. The church was founded in 2000 by pastor Perry Noble. Weekly church attendance averages over 23000 people currently making it the fourth-largest church in the United States and it is ranked as the second-fastest growing church in the United States. (These rankings includes multi-site churches)
 The Taipei Fish Market (Chinese: 台北漁市; pinyin: Táiběi Yúshì) is a fish market in Zhongshan District Taipei Taiwan.
 SteamRanger is a historic train society in South Australia running trains on the Victor Harbor railway line. It is the only group regularly operating broad gauge steam locomotives in South Australia. It is run by volunteers of the South Australian Division of the Australian Railway Historical Society.
 The Daniel Brooks House is a historic First Period house at 19 Brooks Road in Lincoln Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this 2-1/2 story timber frame house was built c. 1695 by Daniel Brooks. Its interior has retained many of its early 18th century features including exposed beams wide pine floorboards and unbaked bricks used as insulation between inner and outer wall coverings.
 Jackson County Courthouse is a Classical Revival building built in 1879 in Jefferson Georgia.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Crossroads Centre is a drug and alcohol addiction rehabilitation centre located on the Caribbean island of Antigua.
 Walker Home for Missionary Children is a historic boarding house complex for the care of the children of religious missionaries while they were away from home. It is composed of eight buildings located at 161-63 165 167 Grove Street 136 138 144 Hancock Street in the Auburndale village of Newton Massachusetts. The oldest building the Harding House was built c. 1850 by the father of Eliza Walker founder of the Walker Home.
 The Irma Hotel is a landmark in Cody Wyoming. It was built by William F. Buffalo Bill Cody the city's co-founder and namesake who named it after his daughter Irma Cody. A focal point is a famous back bar made of cherry that was a gift given by Queen Victoria to Buffalo Bill.The Irma opened with a party on November 18 1902 to which Cody invited the press and dignitaries from as far away as Boston. The hotel quickly became the social center of Cody.
 Mount Zion Church is a historic church in Mt. Zion Hollow in Decatur Tennessee.It is a rectangular frame building that was built in 1850. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 as the best preserved and least altered of the simple rural church structures found in a survey of historic buidings in Meigs County.
 West Newark Congregational Church and Cemetery is a historic Congregational church and cemetery located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It is a Greek Revival style front gabled frame structure built in 1848. The front facade features a large square bell tower centered in the gable ridge. Also on the property is a cemetery dating to the 1820s with burials in all subsequent eras.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Ardrossan Castle is situated on the west coast of Scotland in the town of Ardrossan Ayrshire. The castle defended by a moat stands on a ridge above the town. There is a keep dating from the fifteenth century and a vaulted range containing a kitchen and cellars. In a deep passageway there is a well. Part of the keep remains up to the corbels of the parapet but it is in ruins. The original castle owned by Clan Barclay was partly destroyed during the Wars of Scottish Independence.
 The former St. Alban's Episcopal Church is an historic stone Late Gothic Revival-style Episcopal church located on the southwest corner of Hammond and Eastern avenues in Lidgerwood North Dakota. On December 3 1992 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. As of that date the building housed Harmony Lodge No. 53 of the Ancient Free & Accepted Masons. Harmony Lodge founded in 1899 surrendered its charter in 1994.
 Westfield Oakridge formerly known as Westfield Shoppingtown Oakridge and Oakridge Mall is a shopping mall owned by The Westfield Group located at the corner of Santa Teresa Boulevard and County Route G10 (Blossom Hill Road) in San Jose California United States. It is anchored by Macy's Sears Target Century Theatres and Nordstrom Rack.
 The Webster-Lane House is a historic house at 304 Main Street in Gloucester Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Greek Revival house was built sometime before 1845 when it first appears on city maps. It was occupied by Nathaniel Webster a hotel proprietor and ice dealer between at least 1851 and 1860. It was also occupied from at least 1869 until 1900 buy Samuel R. Lane a major merchant and shipper of fish products.
 Maxis Tower or Menara Maxis in the Malay language is a 49-storey 212 m (696 ft) office skyscraper in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. The tower serves as headquarters of Maxis Communications and Tanjong Plc Group of Companies. Maxis Tower was developed by KLCC Properties Holdings Berhad (KLCCP) under Phase 1 of the KLCC project. The building is owned by Impian Klasik Sdn Bhd in which Tanjong holds a 67% stake and KLCCP holds a 33% stake.
 The Rockwood Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library located in Portland Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books periodicals and other materials. The library also features a 30-person capacity meeting room for hosting community events at no charge on a first come first served basis.
 Hare Forest Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Orange Orange County Virginia. The main house was built in three sections starting about 1815. It consists of a two-story four bay brick center block in the Federal style a two-story brick dining room wing which dates from the early-20th century and a mid-20th century brick kitchen wing.
 HM Prison Swansea is a Category B/C men's prison located in the Sandfields area of Swansea Wales. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service and is colloquially known as 'Cox's farm' after a former governor.
 Shōfuku-ji (勝福寺) is a Shingon sect Buddhist temple located in the northeastern portion of the city of Odawara Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. It is more popularly known as the Iizumi Kannon (飯泉観音) after its primary object of worship. Shōfuku-ji is the 5th temple in the Bandō Sanjūsankasho pilgrimage circuit of 33 Buddhist temples in the Kantō region of eastern Japan to the Bodhisattva Kannon.
 The Oakes National Bank Block on Main Avenue in Oakes North Dakota was built in 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The site is located in Oakes' central business district with retail businesses on the ground floor and office/residential space on the second floor. Its listing on the National Register was based on the structure's outstanding quality of design and its contribution to the city's commercial development.
 St Botolph Billingsgate was a parish church in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
 The Midway Plantation House and Outbuildings were constructed in the mid 19th century about 0.75 miles (1.21 km) west of present-day Knightdale North Carolina along the wagon trail that would eventually become U.S. Route 64 The two-story house was built in 1848 by Charles Lewis Hinton as a wedding gift for his son David and daughter-in-law Mary Boddie Carr and was named for its relative position halfway between Beaver Dam and The Oaks two other Hinton family properties.
 Kamunting Detention Centre (Malay: Kem Tahanan Perlindungan Kamunting) is a prison camp located in Kamunting near the town of Taiping Perak in Malaysia. The prison is used by the government to detain and interrogate persons arrested under the Internal Security Act (ISA). The detention is also known as Malaysia's Supermax prison or Maximum security prison.
 Highland Hall located in MidTown Columbus Georgia was built in 1857 by the Ellis family and originally sat on a ten-acre lot. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980.
 Bennett Family House is a historic home located at Monticello in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1880 is a 2 1⁄2-story wood frame L shaped dwelling with a long 1-story rear wing. The main block is three bays wide and two bays deep on a dressed stone foundation and topped by a gable roof. It features an ornate period interior.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Church of Saints Eusebius and Polion (Croatian: Crkva svetih Euzebija i Poliona) is a Roman Catholic church in Vinkovci Croatia.
 The Renick Farm is a historic farmstead located along U.S. Route 23 near the village of South Bloomfield in northern Pickaway County Ohio United States. Composed of six buildings dating back to 1830 the farmstead has been designated a historic site because of its unusually well-preserved architecture.Farmer Edward Williams bought the land now occupied by the farm in 1820 and soon erected part of the present farmhouse.
 The William J. Graham House at 548 California Ave. in Reno Nevada United States is a historic Tudor Revival house that was built in 1928. It was designed by George A. Schastey. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1983.It was deemed significant primarily for its association with William J.
 St. Joseph Basilica was founded in 1887 as the first Catholic parish in Webster Massachusetts designated for Polish immigrants in New England. The basilica is located in the Catholic Diocese of Worcester.In 1998 the parish church was raised to the dignity of a minor basilica by Pope John Paul II.
 Van Abbemuseum is a museum of modern and contemporary art located in central Eindhoven Netherlands on the east bank of the Dommel river. Established in 1936 the Abbe Museum is named after its founder Henri van Abbe. Van Abbe was a lover of modern art and wanted to enjoy it there from Eindhoven.
 The Four Seasons Hotel and Tower also known as the Four Seasons Hotel Miami or simply the Four Seasons Tower is a skyscraper in Miami Florida United States. It is located in Downtown Miami's Brickell Financial District. The tower contains a Four Seasons Hotel office space and several residential condominium units on the upper floors.
 Clifton Baptist Church Complex is a historic church at Clifton Kentucky.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Paddock Mansion home to the Jefferson County Historical Society Headquarters since 1922 is a historic home located at Watertown in Jefferson County New York. It was built in 1876 and is a 2 1⁄2-story brick structure on a high basement in the Stick / Eastlake style.
 Sourp Asdvadzadzin (Holy Mother of God Armenian: Սուրբ Աստվածածին) is an Armenian Orthodox stone masonry church in Sarnaq Iran. The church was built in 1625. The church was built 6.5 metres high with six columns. It spans 15x10 metres. The building material was 'yellow stones' and basalt. The church was renovated in the 19th century.
 The Capital City Club is a private social club located in Atlanta Georgia. Chartered on May 21 1883 it is one of the oldest private clubs in the South.
 The Gothic House also known as the John J. Brown House is an historic house in Portland Maine. Located in the West End it was built in 1845 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The house was originally located approximately a mile to the east of the present location. Faced with demolition in 1971 it was moved further down Spring Street and a Holiday Inn hotel was constructed in the former location.
 The Cathedral Church of the Redeemer is located in the city centre of Calgary Alberta. It is the seat of the Anglican Diocese of Calgary.The original Church of the Redeemer a wood frame building erected just east of the present site was completed and opened for worship August 3 1884. It was the first Anglican church to be constructed in what is now the Diocese of Calgary.
 Mount Bethel Methodist Church is a historic church in the Vienna section of Independence Township New Jersey Warren County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Casas Adobes Plaza is an upscale shopping mall located at the southwest corner of North Oracle Road and East Ina Road in Casas Adobes Arizona (USA) just northwest of Tucson.The attempted assassination of Representative Gabrielle Giffords and the murder of chief judge for the U.S. District Court for Arizona John Roll on January 8 2011 occurred just across North Oracle Road from Casas Adobes Plaza at the La Toscana Village.
 The Ningbo Museum (Chinese: 宁波博物馆) also known as the Yinzhou Museum (Chinese: 鄞州博物馆) or the Ningbo Historic Museum (Chinese: 宁波历史博物馆) is a museum in the city of Ningbo in Zhejiang Province China. It is located in Yinzhou District and was opened on December 5 2008. The museum focuses on Ningbo area history and traditional customs.The museum is designed by architect Wang Shu who in 2012 won the Pritzker Architecture Prize.
 The Calvaria Church (Romanian: Biserica Calvaria; Hungarian: Kálvária templom) is a Roman Catholic religious building in Satu Mare Romania and one of the oldest churches in the city. Located on Mihai Eminescu Street it was originally built in 1844 and stands in place of a the old fortress Castrum-Zothmar. Its original walls broke after the foundation caved over the sandy ground. The church was rebuilt from the ground up by the Weszelovszky brothers in 1908-1909.
 The Hamilton Building is an historic office building in downtown Portland Oregon. It went through a renovation in 1977 and was listed on National Register of Historic Places in March of that year. It is the neighbor of the Dekum Building a fellow NRHP listing on Third Avenue.The building completed in 1893 is an anomaly among its contemporaries. While many buildings built during the late 19th century were often ornate the Hamilton building has little decoration.
 Khan al-Umdan (Arabic: خان العمدان‎: Caravanserai of the Pillars or Inn of the Columns also known as Khán-i-'Avámid) is the largest and best preserved khan in Israel. Located in the Old City of Acre it is one of the prominent projects constructed during the rule of Ahmed Jezzar Pasha in Galilee under the Ottoman era.
 The North Irvington Gardens Historic District is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Indianapolis Indiana. It was placed on the Register on June 27 2008. It is immediately to the north of the Irvington Historic District which was already on the National Register since 1987 sharing the same east/west boundaries that the older district has (Arlington Avenue and Emerson Avenue respectively) and extends north to 10th and 11th Streets.
 Miller Field was a United States Army facility on Staten Island New York in New Dorp. It was founded in November 1919 and completed in 1921. It was named after Captain James Ely Miller (1883–1918) commanding officer of the 95th Aero Squadron in the Air Service of the AEF who died in combat on March 9 1918 over Rheims in World War I. He was the first United States aviator killed in action while serving with an American military aviation unit.
 35 East Wacker also known as the Jewelers' Building is a 40-story 159 m (522 ft) historic building in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois USA located at the intersections of Wabash Avenue and facing the Chicago River. It was built from 1925 to 1927 and was co-designed by Joachim G. Giaver and Frederick P. Dinkelberg. It was once considered to be the tallest building in the world outside of New York City.
 Charley Priory was a small former priory in Leicestershire England.
 Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale (CCFL) is an evangelical megachurch in Florida with over 18000 worshipers attending on average. Founded in 1985 by Bob Coy it is affiliated with the Calvary Chapel movement. Bob Coy stepped down as senior pastor in 2014.In addition to its main campus CCFL has nine regional campus locations also in Florida: Plantation Hollywood Boca Raton Florida Keys (Tavernier) West Boca Boynton Beach Naples North Lauderdale and Villages (Wildwood).
 The Grosse Pointe War Memorial also known as the Russell A. Alger Jr. House and as the Moorings was dedicated to the memory of veterans and soldiers of World War II. It is located at 32 Lakeshore Drive in Grosse Pointe Farms MI. It was built in 1910 and served as the family home of Russell A. Alger Jr. until 1949 when it was donated to the community. Russell A. Alger senior served as the Governor of Michigan a United States Senator from Michigan and the U.S.
 The Old Stone House is the oldest unchanged building in Washington D.C. United States. The house is also Washington's last Pre-Revolutionary Colonial building on its original foundation. Built in 1765 Old Stone House is located at 3051 M Street Northwest in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 The Central Concert Hall (Kazakh: «Қазақстан» Орталық концерт залы; Russian: Центральный концертный зал «Казахстан») is a center for performing arts in Astana the capital city of Kazakhstan. It was designed by Italian architect Manfredi Nicoletti and was inaugurated by the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev on the nation's Independence Day - the 15th of December - in 2009.The building’s shape evokes the dynmism of a flower's petals as a metaphor for the dynamism of music itself.
 Krustpils Castle (German:Kreutzburg PolishKrzyżbork) is a castle in Jēkabpils Latvia. It is one of the best preserved medieval castles in Latvia. At the time of the Russo-Turkish War from 1877 to 1878 there was a camp for Turkish prisoners of war many of whom settled here permanently. Here the Latgale artillery regiment was located. During the Second World War infirmary of the German army was located here. The Military hospital of the Red Army was placed here after August 1944.
 The Remington Carriage Museum is located alongside the rolling foothills of Cardston Alberta Canada. Opened in 1993 and the largest of its kind in the world the Remington Carriage Museum displays more than 240 carriages. The museum is a public facility providing visitors with an appreciation of an authentic experience with 19th and early 20th century horse-drawn transportation. Using state-of-the-art techniques the Remington Carriage Museum brings this bygone era to life.
 Philip Erpff House is a historic home located at Schaefferstown in Heidelberg Township Lebanon County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2-story limestone residence with a gable roof. It is five bays wide and measures 36 feet 7 inches by 26 feet 6 inches. It features large limestone quoins and a limestone chimney and is in the vernacular Germanic tradition.
 Bandelier CCC Historic District also known as Bandelier Buildings and Frijoles Canyon Lodge is a historic district within Bandelier National Monument that preserves a set of architecturally significant park buildings.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987.
 The David W. and Jane Curtis House is located in Fort Atkinson Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The house is currently undergoing extensive renovation in accordance with city code and is temporarily closed to the public.
 Camden and Campbelltown Hospitals deliver quality healthcare to residents in the Macarthur region in New South Wales providing a range of services including cardiology maternity gynaecology palliative care respiratory and stroke medicine surgery and emergency medicine and aged-care services.
 X Condominium is a high-rise condominium building located at 110 Charles Street E. near the intersection of Bloor and Jarvis in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada by Great Gulf Homes. The building is 44 storeys with two level lobby. The amenities located on the third floor and include outdoor pool hot tub party room with kitchen billiard room gym yoga room and two guest suites which are located on the ground floor.
 The Indonesia Museum (Indonesian: Museum Indonesia) is an anthropology and ethnological museum located in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah (TMII) Jakarta Indonesia. The museum is concentrated on arts and cultures of various ethnic groups that inhabit Indonesian archipelago and formed the modern nation of Indonesia.
 The Squadron A Armory is a former United States Army armory and the homebase of Squadron A. It took up the whole block between Madison Avenue and Park Avenue between 94th and 95th Street. It was therefore also known as the Madison Avenue Armory. A surviving part of the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Madison Avenue Facade of the Squadron A Armory and is a New York City landmark.The building was built in 1895 by a New York City contractor named John F.
 Salisbury Plantation is a historic home located at Westover Somerset County Maryland. It has two principal sections: a 19th-century two-story plus attic clapboard section whose roof ridge runs east to west and a first-quarter-18th-century 1 1⁄2-story brick section with its ridge running north to south.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The National Airline History Museum is located at the Kansas City Downtown Airport in Kansas City Missouri USA.
 Meland Church (Norwegian: Meland kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Meland on the island of Holsnøy. The church is part of the Meland parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1866 by the architect Johannes Øvsthus. The church seats about 380 people.There has been a church in Meland for a long time.
 Samuel Starks House is a historic home located at Charleston West Virginia. It is an American Foursquare style home built in 1908 as home for Samuel W. Starks (1866-1908). Mr. Starks was a nationally prominent African American leader in the Knights of Pythias fraternal organization.It was severely damaged by a fire in 1981 and subsequently repaired and renovated. The Samuel Starks House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Howland Cobblestone Store also known as the Howland Stone Store Museum is a 19th-century store significant for its cobblestone architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. At the time of its nomination the owners were in the process of removing the stucco that had covered the cobblestones since the 1850s.
 Toft Monks Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 Prasad's IMAX is a centrally Air Conditioned multiplex of an area of 235000 sq ft housing an IMAX Movie Theatre a five screen multiplex food court multinational fast food outlets a gaming zone and a Shopping mall covering two levels of the complex.It is India's 1st IMAX theater. It is also the single most popular IMAX theater in the world. Its 72-foot high 95-foot wide screen is accompanied by 635 seats and a 12000-watt sound system.
 Westminster Presbyterian Church is a member of the Presbyterian Church in Canada located in Ottawa Ontario. It is situated on the west side of Roosevelt Avenue in the Westboro neighbourhood of Ottawa.
 Jerome Historic District in Jerome Arizona is a historic district that is significant for its association with copper mining.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
 Bridgeport Hospital is a private not-for-profit general medical and surgical hospital in Bridgeport Connecticut. It is a member of the Yale New Haven Health System and affiliated with the Yale University School of Medicine.
 Built in 1915 the Heber Second Ward Meetinghouse originally built as a place of worship for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is of historical significance to the city and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 1978. Bishop Joseph A Rasband served as the Heber Second Ward's first bishop in the meetinghouse and his first counselor James Heber Moulton was the superintendent that oversaw the building of the meetinghouse.
 The Stafford Village Four Corners Historic District is located at the junction of New York state routes 5 and 237 in Stafford New York United States. It is a collection of six buildings of various types from the 19th century one of which is the oldest house in Genesee County.Stafford was the first European settlement on the Holland Purchase continuously occupied since 1798. Together the buildings constitute a well-preserved 19th century Western New York downtown.
 The Ancient Synagogue of Barcelona (Catalan: Sinagoga Major de Barcelona Spanish: Sinagoga Mayor de Barcelona Hebrew: בית הכנסת העתיק מאיור‎) is believed to be an ancient synagogue located in the centre of Barcelona Catalonia Spain. It has been described as one of the oldest synagogues in Europe. After many centuries of use for other purposes the building re-opened as a synagogue and museum in 2002.
 Kingston Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Kingston Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1923 and is a three-story U-shaped yellow brick building executed in the Classical Revival style. It is 13 bays by 20 bays and includes a drill hall classrooms offices storage and stable areas.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Charles Hammond House is one of the oldest residences in North Augusta South Carolina. The original home was a two-story pine clapboard structure built circa 1775-1780. Significant additions were made in 1830 and a formal garden was added in 1830. The view of the home from the public highway is very limited. The Charles Hammond House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 2 1973.
 Bacon's Castle also variously known as Allen's Brick House or the Arthur Allen House is located in Surry County Virginia USA and is Virginia's oldest documented brick dwelling. Built in 1665 it is noted as an extremely rare stylistic example of Jacobean architecture in the New World.The house became known as Bacon's Castle because it was occupied as a fort or castle by the followers of Nathaniel Bacon during Bacon's Rebellion in 1676.
 Montgomery's Inn is a historic home and inn in the Islington neighbourhood of Etobicoke in the city of Toronto Ontario Canada.Built in 1832 in a Georgian style with later additions the inn has been restored to an 1847 period and operates as a museum of the City of Toronto. It is named for innkeeper Captain Thomas Montgomery (1790-1877). Once in danger of demolition it is a cherished remnant of colonial times in Upper Canada.
 Holland Museum in Holland Michigan is a local historical museum. Located in a landmark neo-classical former Post Office building next to Centennial Park. The Holland Museum also operates two historic house museums: the Cappon House and the Settlers House Museums.[citation needed]The Holland Museum features on its main floor permanent exhibits on Holland’s history From Settlement to City reflecting Holland's diverse history and multi-ethnic population.
 The Kiokee Baptist Church in Appling Georgia is a building from 1808. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Olmsted Power Station is a historic building located in Provo Utah. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Lace House also known as the Uriah Edwards House is located on state highway NY 22 in Canaan New York United States. It is a frame house built in the early 19th century.It was designed by the Fuller Brothers in a more formal version of the Federal style brought from New England by settlers from that region at the time of its construction. The original kitchen wing was replaced in the early 20th century. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Stephen Turner House is a historic house at 187 Seekonk St. in Norfolk Massachusetts.The house was built in 1712 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979.
 The Hilton Luxembourg is a hotel and skyscraper in Luxembourg City in southern Luxembourg. It is located in Dommeldange in the north-east of the city on the outskirts of the Grünewald forest.
 The listed HVB Tower or formerly Hypo-house (Hypo-Haus) or Hypo high-rise building (Hypo-Hochhaus) is a administrative building of the HypoVereinsbank in Munich .
 The Athenæum originally named Das Deutsche Haus (German:“The German House”) is the most ornate and best-preserved building affiliated with the German American community of Indianapolis. Once used as a German American Turnverein and clubhouse it currently houses many groups organizations and businesses. The Athenæum is located across Massachusetts Avenue from the Old National Centre.
 Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital is one of two Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong the other being Hong Kong Adventist Hospital.It is a private sector hospital and is located in the New Territories.
 The Pepperell Center Historic District encompasses the historic core of the village center of Pepperell Massachusetts. The district is based around the town common which was laid out in 1740 along with the construction of the first church (whose location is demarcated by foundation lines). It includes a number of surviving 18th century structures including a post office building that is now a private home and the town's oldest cemeteries.
 Harris Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge that spans the Taunton River at Dean and Harris Streets in Taunton Massachusetts.The bridge was built in 1887 by the Penn Bridge Company to carry a water pipe from the nearby Harris Street Pumping Station to the center of the city. Its secondary function was as a road and pedestrian bridge.
 Cupco Church (also known as Cupco Free Will Baptist Church) is a historic church building in Yanush Oklahoma.It was built in 1899 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Immanuel Baptist Church is a historic church at 401 E. 200 South in Salt Lake City Utah.The Classical Revival church was built in 1910. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Burg Perchtoldsdorf is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 Entranceway at Main Street at Darwin Drive is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway and street furniture built about 1927 by developer Charles S. Burkhardt. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in the town of Amherst within Erie County. It consists of two matching sets of stone sculptures set on either side of the drive. It also includes the painted metal street sign post.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
 Grace Episcopal Church is an historic frame Episcopal church located at Mt. Vernon Somerset County Maryland. Built in 1846-1847 it is a single-story three-bay Carpenter Gothic style church on a brick foundation. Also on the property is a 19th and 20th century cemetery.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 C.P. Jones House and Law Office also known as the Jones-McCoy House Almond-Strickler House and James Bell House is a historic home and law office located at Monterey Highland County Virginia. The original section of the house dates to about 1850. Originally the house was a two-story five-bay side-gabled four-room log building on a stone foundation.
 The Waltham Water Works Shop is a historic municipal public works building at 92 Felton Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The two story brick building was built in 1894 as part of a major municipal construction campaign. It is distinctive as a well-preserved yet utilitarian municipal structure whose construction embodies some significant advances for the period.
 Ray's Hell Burger is a hamburger restaurant in Arlington Virginia United States. Hamburgers served in a few variations including gourmet toppings are its only main dish offering. Ray's Hell Burger is the third eatery established by Washington D.C. restaurateur Michael Landrum who also owns the steakhouse Ray's the Steaks in Arlington and Ray's the Classics. Ray is a nickname given to Landrum by a former girlfriend.
 The Old Garrison House is a historic First Period house at 188 Granite Street in Rockport Massachusetts. It is one of the only surviving examples of colonial-era squared log construction. The main block of the house is estimated to have been built c. 1700 based on an analysis of the construction methods used to build it. An ell was added onto the rear of the house in the late 18th century and a shed-like wing was added to the west rear in the 19th century.
 Cushman Tavern is an historic tavern in Lisbon Maine.The Federal style tavern was built in 1825 by Orison Wood and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Mischer Neuroscience Institute provides specialized treatment for diseases of the brain and spine. The Institute was the first center in Texas and one of only a few institutions in the country to fully integrate neurology neurosurgery neuroradiology and neurorehabilitation. The Institute has 140 neuro beds and 5 dedicated operating rooms.
 Old Hawleyton Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Hawleyton in Broome County New York. It was constructed in 1856-1857 and altered in 1877 and 1942; the attached Fellowship Hall was constructed in two stages between 1950 and 1954.
 The Benjamin Thompson House also known as the Count Rumford Birthplace located at 90 Elm Street in the North Woburn area of Woburn Massachusetts is the birthplace of scientist and inventor Benjamin Thompson (1753–1814) who became Count Rumford of the Holy Roman Empire as well as Sir Benjamin Thompson of the United Kingdom. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 Tusten Stone Arch Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge located at Tusten in Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1896 and has two round arches. It measures 51.1 feet in length and 15 feet wide. It crosses the Ten Mile River near that river's junction with the Upper Delaware River.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.It is located within the Ten Mile River Boy Scout Reservation which in turn is owned by the Boy Scout Councils of Greater New York.
 The Chapin Mine Steam Pump Engine also known as The Cornish Pump is a steam-driven pump located at the corner of Kent Street and Kimberly Avenue in Iron Mountain Michigan. It is still the largest reciprocating steam-driven engine ever built in the United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1958.
 Muhlenberg Regional Medical Center was a community-based acute care hospital in Plainfield New Jersey.
 The Tusayan Ruins (aka Tusayan Pueblo) is an 800-year-old Pueblo Indian site located within Grand Canyon National Park and is considered by the National Park Service (NPS) to be one of the major archeological sites in Arizona.The site consists of a small u-shaped pueblo featuring a living area storage rooms and a kiva. Tree ring studies indicate that the site was occupied for about twenty years beginning around 1185.
 Danville Historic District is a national historic district located in Danville Montour County Pennsylvania. It encompasses 291 contributing buildings 3 contributing sites and 1 contributing object in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Danville. The buildings mostly date from the 1840s to the early 20th century. The district incorporates the previously listed and predominantly residential Danville West Market Street Historic District.
 KK Women's and Children's Hospital (abbreviation: KKH; Chinese: 竹脚妇幼医院; Malay: Hospital Wanita dan Kanak-kanak Kandang Kerbau) formerly known as Kandang Kerbau Hospital is the largest hospital specialising in healthcare for women and children in Singapore.From its humble beginnings as a small general hospital in 1858 to a 30-bed maternity hospital in 1924 KKH has grown into an 830-bed hospital providing obstetric and gynaecology neonatology and paediatric services.
 Stone Eagles also known as the Mochary House is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1929 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 Herman August Meyer House is a historic home located at Davis Tucker County West Virginia. It was built about 1891 and is a 2 1/2 story T-shaped 5-bay central-passage I house of wood construction. It was built as a single-family residence and converted for use as a bed and breakfast inn. Also on the property is a domestic dependency built about 1891.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Holiday Inn Townsville nicknamed the Sugar Shaker by the locals is currently the tallest building in Townsville Australia. The building is located on Flinders Mall in the CBD a pedestrian mall that is under redevelopment.The building has become popular to tourists visiting Queensland and Australia having it is one of Australias Most famous hotels due to its weird shape.
 The Brick House on the Pike is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland United States. It is a large two-story side-passage double-pile plan house constructed in two phases a brick structure built by Caleb Dorsey replacing a wooden structure when he bought the property at the end of the 18th century and the larger more formal section built by his son Charles Worthington Dorsey about 1817.
 The Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Monument is a public monument in Portland Maine's West End. Located on the corner of State and Congress Street it honors poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow who was born in Portland in 1807.
 Twin Tower Sanctuary (Old Sanctuary of the United Methodist Church) is a historic Methodist church building at 9967 W. 144th Street in Orland Park Illinois.It was built in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Great Falls Grange Hall and Forestville School are two historic buildings that served as a Grange meeting hall and as a school located in Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. The Forestville School was built in 1889 as a one-room school and expanded in 1911 with the appendage of the Floris School. It is an L-shaped wood-frame structure covered in weatherboards and topped by a standing-seam metal cross-gable roof.
 The Wells Fargo Building originally the Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company Building is a skyscraper in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States. Designed in the Beaux-Arts style by the architectural firm Simon & Simon the building was erected for the Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Co. in 1928. The 29-story high-rise is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 St. George’s Church Esher is a Grade I listed Anglican church in Esher Surrey England. Built in the 16th century it was Esher’s parish church for 300 years though later worshippers included Queen Victoria. However by the mid-19th century the building was deemed too small for the growing population and was replaced by Christ Church built nearby on Esher Green in 1853/4. St. George’s was not therefore subjected to Victorian ‘improvements’ and its Tudor origins remain evident.
 Shakespeare Hall (also known as Ballou Johnson & Nichols; Sprague—Knight Building) is an historic hall in Providence Rhode Island on 128 Dorrance Street.The hall was built in 1838 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 United Methodist Church is a historic church North Washington Street in Millersburg Ohio.It was built in 1871 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Fortezza Medicea is the name of a restaurant in Volterra Italy. It is housed in the town's Renaissance-era fortress (Fortezza Medicea Medici fortress) built 1474 which is a high-security prison for criminals serving no less than seven years.In 2006 the prison's administration began operating a restaurant within the prison using inmates as staff as a rehabilitation scheme. The project was successful in attracting clients and the attention of the international press.
 The Hotel Grand Pacific is a hotel in Victoria British Columbia Canada on the Victoria Harbour. It houses The Mark a restaurant that serves fresh game and a variety of wines. There are more than 300 rooms in the hotel. The hotel also houses a spa. The hotel's facade was designed to strongly resemble that of The Empress which it faces across the Inner Harbour. The Hotel Grand Pacific is a member of the Preferred Hotel Group.
 Hammerfest Church (Norwegian: Hammerfest kirke) is the main parish church in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It located in the town of Hammerfest. The church is part of the Hammerfest parish in the Hammerfest deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The church is the main church of the deanery. The stone/concrete church was built in 1961 by the architect Hans Magnus.
 Cecil Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a seven story building constructed of multiple shades of light colored brick accented with limestone and cast terra cotta ornament in the Beaux Arts style. The structure takes the form of a T in plan. When constructed in 1902 it was one of the first important apartment buildings in Baltimore built at the edge of the city’s most elite downtown neighborhood Bolton Hill.
 Oak Street School is a historic school building located at Fulton in Oswego County New York. It is a rectangular red brick structure trimmed in cast stone and built in 1913-1914. It is a two story building over a high brick basement. It ceased being used as a school in 1991. It has since been retrofitted into small apartments used primarily by senior residents of the city.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 St Mary's Church is the civic church of Bury St Edmunds and claims to be the third largest parish church in England. It was part of the abbey complex and originally was one of three large churches in the town (the others being St James now St Edmundsbury Cathedral and St Margaret's now gone).
 Farmers Plaza is a shopping mall located in Araneta Center Cubao Quezon City. The mall is Araneta Centre’s gateway to EDSA. renovated and expanded in 1999 the five-level complex is the first ever commercial condominium in the Philippines.[citation needed] Farmers Plaza offers 60400 square metres of retail space occupied by cheap merchandise outlets.
 The Makens Bemont House commonly called the Huguenot House is a property in East Hartford Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The house is one of several buildings located in Martin Park and operated by the Historical Society of East Hartford as the Historical Houses at Martin Park. The Makens Bemont House is furnished to appear as if owned by a late 18th/early 19th century workingman.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 210 N. Spring Street in Murfreesboro Tennessee.It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register in 1993.
 J. B. Royce House and Farm Complex is a historic home and farm complex located at Berkshire in Tioga County New York. The house was built about 1829 in a vernacular Greek Revival style. About 1850 it was extensively altered with the construction of a higher more steeply pitched roof and an ell-shaped Gothic Revival style porch with Tudor-arched details.
 The Andrew Carr Sr. House on 4th Ave. NW in Minot North Dakota was built in 1903. It was designed by William Zimmerman in Classical Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Benjamin Hibbard Residence is a historic house at 5-7 Gerry Street in Stoneham Massachusetts United States. It is one of a few well preserved 19th century double houses in Stoneham. The two story wood frame house was built c. 1850 and features double brackets along its cornice pilastered corners and a decorated porch covering the twin entrances in the center of the main facade.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St Luke's is an Episcopal Church in Downtown Long Beach California. A member of the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles St Luke's has a historic reputation for upholding progressive social ideals and serving the community. The Church is a registered historic building on the corner of 7th Street and Atlantic Avenue. In 2001 Father Gary Commins left Holy Faith Episcopal Church in Inglewood to serve as St. Luke's Senior Rector. Rev.
 San Michele Visdomini is a church in the centre of Florence central Italy. The original church of San Michele was demolished in 1368 to make space for the tribunes of the new Cathedral of Florence. Soon it was rebuilt in its present location to a design by Giovanni di Lapo Ghini with later facade (1577-1590) by Bartolomeo Ammannati.
 Cambridge Meetinghouse (Old Brick Church) is a historic church on Church Street in Jeffersonville Vermont.It was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 Child of the Sun also known as the Florida Southern College Architectural District is a group of buildings designed for the campus of the Florida Southern College in Lakeland Florida USA by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright from 1941 through 1958. The buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places and together form one of the largest collections of buildings by the architect. It was designated a National Historic Landmark on March 2 2012.
 Torre Breda (English: Breda Tower) is a 30-storey 117 m (384 ft) skyscraper in Milan Italy. The tower was built in 1954 on a design by architect Luigi Mattioni. The eight floors of the lower body are devoted exclusively to offices while the rest of the building houses residential apartments. The building is currently under restyling.Torre Breda was the highest building in Italy when constructed until 1960 when the 127 m (417 ft) Pirelli Tower was completed.
 Edward Matasek (1867–1912) was a noted architect best known for his Sha'ar Hashamayim Synagogue (Cairo) Ottoman Empire. Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
 The House at 511 Watertown Street in Newton Massachusetts is one of the city's finer Colonial Revival houses. Built in 1897 the 2 1/2 story wood frame house features symmetrical two story bow windows modillioned cornices and large dormers in its truncated hip roof with fully pedimented gables.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Saint Andrew Juvenile Remand Centre is a high security institution with a capacity of 48.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 The Rondout–West Strand Historic District is located on the shore of Rondout Creek along the southern boundary of the city of Kingston New York USA. Formerly Rondout New York it is bounded by the creek Broadway Hone Ravine and McEntee streets an area of 570 acres (2.3 km²) containing 259 buildings most dating to the 19th century. US 9W and the John T. Loughran Bridge are immediately to the east; the Kingston-Port Ewen Suspension Bridge crosses the creek to the west.
 Middlesbrough Priory was a priory in Middlesbrough North Yorkshire England.
 Hillcrest Hotel also known as the Hillcrest Arms Apartment Hotel is a historic building in Toledo Ohio USA. It has nine floors and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It is located at 1601-1621 Madison Avenue.The Hillcrest was built in 1929. Authors artists and business people stayed in the hotel including Amelia Earhart in 1933. She had an arrow painted on the roof to assist pilots in locating the local airfield.The hotel closed in 1990.
 The North High Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the downtown area of Holyoke Massachusetts. When first added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 the district encompassed North High Street between Dwight and Lyman Streets. This part of High Street was built between 1850 and 1885 and is lined with masonry buildings in Italianate and Second Empire styles.
 The Fulton County Courthouse is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Rochester Indiana United States.It is a prominent building in the Rochester Downtown Historic District. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque Fulton County Courthouse.The limestone courthouse which was already on the National Register as of September 22 2000 is located on Ninth Street.
 The Meilahti Hospital part of the Helsinki University Central Hospital (HUCH) is the largest hospital in Finland[citation needed] located in the Meilahti district of Helsinki.The hospital has a helipad with the ICAO airport code EFHY.
 The Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art is an art museum on the Kansas State University campuslocated near Aggieville. Admission is free to the general public. The museum houses KSU's permanent art collection of Kansas and regional artists as well as hosting special and traveling exhibitions. The museum's collection is accessible on-line and includes works by important Kansas artists John Steuart Curry Birger Sandzén William Dickerson and Gordon Parks.
 Dunderave Castle is an L-plan castle built in the 16th century as the Scottish seat of the MacNaughton clan. The castle lies on a small promontory on the northern shores of Loch Fyne around 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north-east of Inveraray Argyll. The castle is in use as a residence. The present castle was built after their previous castle was destroyed following a Plague infection.
 Hughes House is a historic home located at Jefferson Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1814 and is a 2 1/2-story three bay banked stone dwelling. It has a small 1 1/2-story extension and a steeply pitched gable roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District is a historic industrial district located on State Cone Hill and Furnace Roads in Richmond Massachusetts. The industrial history of the site dates to 1763 when the first grist and sawmills were built. In 1829 the first stone furnace was constructed for the production of iron from abundant hematite ore found nearby. It was rebuilt in 1863 and overhauled in 1905 to increase capacity.
 The A. T. Ranch Headquarters in Wheeler County Nebraska near Bartlett Nebraska has historic significance dating to 1906. Also known as The Headquarters and denoted as WH00-19 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The listing included two contributing buildings and one other contributing structure. The main building at this rural site is a two story house built in 1906 from concrete blocks formed at the site.
 The Four Points by Sheraton Hotel Tripoli is a four star hotel in the up-scale Hay-al-Andalus district of Tripoli. The construction of the hotel is mostly complete as of July 2012 but the hotel has yet to open in the wake of the Libyan civil war. The hotel is part of the wider Hay al-Andalus Tourist Complex and sits next to the larger Sheraton Hotel Tripoli which is still under construction as of July 2012.
 Iulius Mall Iaşi is a shopping mall located in Iași Romania. At the time of its completion it was the second mall in Romania and the first outside Bucharest.The mall has: 210 stores five-screen movie theatre complex 20 fast food and other restaurants Carrefour Market games bowling billiards & entertainment Kidsland club↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑
 The Northern Pacific Railway Depot in Little Falls Minnesota is a depot designed by notable architect Cass Gilbert in 1899. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.Gilbert was a prominent architect in Minnesota having designed the Minnesota State Capitol and other buildings. The Little Falls depot was one of Cass Gilbert's last works before he moved east to New York City.
 Capt. C. Goodale House is a historic home located at Southampton in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1875 and is a large 2 1⁄2-story five bay residence with an original 2-story (flat roofed) rear wing and smaller period wing. It features a central entrance paviolion Mansard roof and wraparound porch. It is an example of Second Empire architecture. Also on the property is a contributing privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Darwin D. Martin House Complex also known as the Darwin Martin House National Historic Landmark was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built between 1903 and 1905.
 The Bandera County Courthouse and Jail are two separate historic county governmental buildings located near each other in Bandera Bandera County Texas The Bandera County Courthouse built in 1890 at the corner of Main and Pecan streets is a Renaissance Revival style building designed by San Antonio architect B.F. Trester. It is three-story building with a central clock tower made from rusticated limestone cut from a local quarry.
 Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center is an Orthodox congregation located at 347 West 34th Street Manhattan New York in the Garment District near Penn Station. Established in 1890 it constructed its current building in 1924–1925. Rabbis have included Joseph Schick Norman Lamm and Solomon Kahane. As of 2010 the rabbi was Jason Herman.
 Henry Gassaway Davis House also known as the Knights of Pythias Lafayette Lodge Number 3 and Calanthe Temple #8 Pythian Sisters is a historic home located at Piedmont Mineral County West Virginia. It was built in 1871 for U.S. Senator and Vice Presidential nominee Henry G. Davis (1823-1916). It is a three bay four story Second Empire style brick duplex. It has a simple mansard roof and 12 gabled pedimented dormer windows on the concave slopes.
 Christ Church Newark is a parish church in the Church of England in Newark on Trent Nottinghamshire.
 The Elizabeth Street School is a historic school building at 31 Elizabeth Street in Worcester Massachusetts. The two story brick building was designed by architect George Clemence and built in 1893. The structure is architecturally eclectic borrowing elements of Romanesque and Renaissance Revival. Its major focal elements are entry towers topped by pyramidal roofs that flank the main facade.
 The Kelly Family Home is a historic structure at 657 S. Main St. in Dayton Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30 1975.
 Kennersley is a historic home located at Church Hill Queen Anne's County Maryland. It is a large five-part brick house believed to date to the last quarter of the 18th century. The central block is approximately 35 feet square two and a half stories high with the pitched gable roof. Flanking one-story hyphens connect the central block with a pair of flanking 1 1⁄2-story wings.
 St. Joseph Medical Center is a 310-bed facility in Kansas City Missouri providing a wide range of acute care and outpatient services from a 24-hour emergency department to state-of-the-art cardiovascular care. St. Joseph has earned the Magnet designation from The American Nurses Credentialing Center for excellence in nursing services. The accredited Stroke Center at St.
 The Harlem YMCA also known as the Claude McKay Residence is located at 180 West 135th Street between Lenox Avenue and Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City.Built in 1931-32 the red-brown brick building with neo-Georgian details was designed by the Architectural Bureau of the National Council of the YMCA with James C. Mackenzie Jr. as the architect in charge. It replaced the building from 1919 across the street.
 The Church St. Nikolas in Kumanovo (Macedonian: Црква Свети Никола Куманово) Republic of Macedonia is a church designed by Andrey Damyanov. It is surrounded by arcades and has a rich interior with galleries frescoes and furniture. The construction of the church is finished in 1860 on the same site as a prior church (with the same patron) in the Varosh maalo.
 The Deming Armory (formerly known as the State Armory now also known as the Deming Luna Mimbres Museum) is a historic armory in the United States located at 301 South Silver Avenue in Deming Luna County New Mexico. The building was built for the United States Department of the Army in 1915–16 and is currently being used as the premises for the local museum in Deming.
 Aubertine Building is a historic commercial building located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. It is a three story wood frame structure built in 1885 in the Italianate style. It has a two story ell attached to the west side.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 City Tower Nishi-Umeda (Japanese:シティタワー西梅田) is a high rise apartment building situated at 7-20 Fukushima Fukushima-ku Osaka Japan.This building is the highest in Fukushima ward and the highest apartment block in the Umeda area.[citation needed] The glass curtain wall facade an external wall made with glass is a notable characteristic of this building.
 Garh Doul (Assamese: গড় দ’ল) archaeological site is an important State Protected Monument in Assam situated at Tarajan Kumargaon and about 7 km away from Tezpur Sonitpur district. The archaeological site is listed as an ASI monument under number S-AS-95. This is fortified in all direction reinforced rampart and covers an area of 250×250 m. The site has two brick mounds which contains foundation of brick temple plinths.
 Salisbury Black Friary was a friary in Wiltshire England.
 The Hokkesan Ichijō-ji (法華山一乗寺) is a temple of the Tendai sect in Kasai Hyōgo Japan. It was established by Emperor Kōtoku's instruction in 650.The pagoda at Ichijō-ji completed in 1171 is a National Treasure of Japan. The architectural style is that of wayō (和様) (literally Japanese style).Ichijō-ji is temple No.26 in the Kansai Kannon Pilgrimage.
 The Grace Church Van Vorst is located in Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1 1979. The church was built in 1853 and was named after the former Van Vorst Township. The church is an English Gothic-style Episcopal church which was designed by Detlef Lienau. The building is constructed with brownstone and has a slate roof.
 The Peak is a twin tower apartment complex in Jakarta.[citation needed] Located within the Jl. Jend. Sudirman business district of Jakarta Indonesia The Peak was designed by DP Architects.[citation needed]The complex is featured by Images Publishing Australia in its book The World's 50 Best Apartments published in 2006.
 Thomas Bitley House is a historic home located at Jerusalem in Yates County New York. It is an Italianate style dwelling built about 1855.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Pike County Courthouse at 801 Main St. in Petersburg Indiana was built in 1922. It is a work of architect Elmer E. Dunlap and of Jasper N. Good. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008; the listing included five contributing objects in addition to one contributing building.
 The Church of the Good Shepherd is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 608 Isham Street Manhattan New York City.
 Springville Center for the Arts is a non-profit community multi-arts center located at Springville in Erie County New York. It is housed in the historic The Baptist Church of Springville a historic Baptist church. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Church of the Condemnation and Imposition of the Cross is a Roman Catholic church located within the Franciscan compound that also contains the Church of the Flagellation in the old city of Jerusalem.
 Ontario Science Centre (French: Centre des sciences de l'Ontario) is a science museum in Toronto Ontario Canada near the Don Valley Parkway about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) northeast of downtown on Don Mills Road just south of Eglinton Avenue East. It is built down the side of a wooded ravine formed by one branch of the Don River.
 Hopkins Farm is a national historic district and farm complex located at Pittsford in Monroe County New York. It consists of 15 contributing buildings eight contributing structures and one contributing site on a 370-acre (150 ha) farm. The largest group of structures are clustered around the farmhouse built about 1815 in a vernacular Federal style and includes two barns several outbuildings and two tenant houses.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 The Levoy Theatre is an operational performing arts center located in Millville Cumberland County New Jersey United States. The original building was built in 1908 replacing the Wilson Opera House which burned down in 1898. It quickly became famous on the vaudeville circuit. When Warner Brothers purchased the theater around 1930 it was transformed into a 1930s movie palace. It often competed with the Peoples' Theater which closed in c. 1950.
 The Fish Flake Hill Historic District encompasses a section of Front Street in Beverly Massachusetts that includes a remarkable concentration of colonial buildings and which was notable for its importance in the American Revolutionary War. The district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 includes properties on both sides of Front Street between Cabot and Bartlett Streets.
 Robert William Roper House was built about 1838 in Charleston South Carolina on land purchased by Robert W. Roper a prominent cotton planter in May 1838. The house is an outstanding example of early 19th Century Greek Revival architecture built on a monumental scale. Although there are now two houses between the Roper House and White Point Garden to the south at the time of its construction nothing stood between the house and the harbor beyond. It is said that Mr.
 Winsor—Swan—Whitman Farm is an historic house at 416 Eaton Street in Providence Rhode Island.The farmhouse was built in 1750 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Providence St. Peter Hospital located in the Lilly Road Medical District of Olympia Washington is Providence Health & Services’s second largest Washington state hospital. Providence St. Peter features 390 beds in the medical/surgical tower with 39 private rooms in the emergency department 18 beds in the Psychiatry Building and 21 beds in the Critical Care Unit. This facility is a non-profit teaching hospital founded by the Sisters of Providence in 1887. Providence St.
 The African American Museum in Philadelphia (AAMP) is notable as the first museum funded and built by a municipality to help preserve interpret and exhibit the heritage of African Americans. Opened during the 1976 Bicentennial celebrations the AAMP is located in historic Philadelphia a few blocks away from the Liberty Bell.
 Madero Center is a building located in Puerto Madero Buenos Aires. It was built in 2008 and it is located at Juana Manso 555.
 Ferrara Bakery and Cafe was established in 1892 by Antonio Ferrara and claims to be America's first espresso bar. It is located in the heart of Little Italy and offers a variety of Italian delicacies that include: cakes cookies pastries desserts and gourmet specialty items. Ferrara has remained a family owned business since its inception and is operated at its original location on Grand Street in New York City borough of Manhattan by the family's fifth generation of bakers.
 The Oratory of Saint Stephen (Italian: Oratorio di Mocchirolo is a Roman Catholic chapel in Mocchirolo in the town of Lentate sul Seveso part of the Province of Monza and Brianza Lombardy nrothern Italy. The interior walls of the church once contained frescos that were removed and transferred to be housed the Pinacoteca di Brera in Milan. The frescos currently appear in apse are the reproduction of the original.
 The Church of Our Lady of Pity is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Staten Island New York City.Specifically the church is located on Richmond Avenue just south of the Staten Island Expressway.
 The Frick Art Reference Library Photoarchive is a study collection of more than one million photographic reproductions of works of art from the fourth to the mid-twentieth century by over 40000 artists trained in the Western tradition located in the Frick Art Reference Library on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. It was founded in 1920 by Helen Clay Frick the daughter of industrialist Henry Clay Frick to facilitate object-oriented research.
 The Capitol Records Building also known as the Capitol Records Tower is a Hollywood Boulevard Commercial and Entertainment District building that is located in Hollywood Los Angeles. The building is a thirteen-story tower that was designed by Welton Becket and is one of the city's landmarks. Construction occurred soon after British company EMI acquired Capitol Records in 1955 and the building was completed in April 1956.
 Springfield Farm is a historic home located at Williamsport Washington County Maryland United States. It was built in three distinct parts with the center or original section dating from the second half of the 18th century. This two-story plus attic beaded clapboard house is five bays wide with an entrance in the center bay of both the first and second stories on the east façade. The property includes a springhouse and stillhouse both of rough fieldstone and several smaller buildings.
 Hawaii Shingon Mission or Shingon Shu Hawaii located at 915 Sheridan Street in Honolulu Hawaii is one of the most elaborate displays of Japanese Buddhist temple architecture in Hawaiʻi. It was first built in 1917-1918 by Nakagawa Katsutaro a master builder of Japanese-style temples then renovated in 1929 by Hego Fuchino a self-taught man who was the first person of Japanese ancestry to become a licensed architect in the Islands.
 St Michael & All Angels Church on Mount Dinham in Exeter is an Anglican church in Exeter England UK. The tradition of the church is Anglo-Catholic. The church building is in the Early English style and was built to the designs of Major Rohde Hawkins 1867-68. The reredos is by W. D. Caroe 1899.Within the Parish of St David with St Michael & All Angels the building towers above its surroundings the spire exceeding the height of even the Cathedral towers.
 The Church of the Holy Seal (Armenian: Սուրբ Նշան եկեղեցի Surb Nshan yekeghetsi Georgian: სურფნიშანი Sourfnishani) is an 18th century Armenian church in Old Tbilisi Georgia. It was built between 1703 and 1711 and reconstructed in 1780.
 Saint Peter the Apostle Church is a historic church at 94 Somerset Street in New Brunswick Middlesex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1865 and added to the National Register in 2005.
 The former Second Church of Christ Scientist is an historic Christian Science church building located at Central Park West and West 68th Street on the Upper West Side of Manhattan New York City within the Central Park West Historic District. The Beaux-Arts building was designed by architect Frederick R. Comstock and constructed in 1899-1901.
 The William C. Jones House also known as the Archibald-Tuck House is a historic structure in Eutaw Alabama. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on April 2 1982 due to its architectural significance.
 Burleigh or Burleigh Manor is a historic home located at Ellicott City Howard County Maryland built on a 2300 acre estate.It is a Federal-style brick dwelling built about 1810 laid in Flemish bond. Also on the landscaped grounds are a stone smokehouse; a much-altered log stone and frame gatehouse or cottage and another log outbuilding as well as an early-20th century bathhouse swimming pool and tennis court.
 For Shaw House the English Elizabethan mansion see Shaw House BerkshireFor the Canadian conference centre see Shaw Conference CentreShaw House and Shaw Centre (Chinese: 邵氏楼; 邵氏大厦) is a complex of two neighbouring buildings built by the same developer Shaw Organisation. Located at the junction of Orchard Road and Scotts Road in Singapore it features the flagship Lido Cineplex for the Shaw Organisation a major shopping mall with Isetan as an anchor tenant and two office buildings.
 The Octagon House also known as the Colonel John Tayloe III House is located at 1799 New York Avenue Northwest in the Foggy Bottom neighborhood of Washington D.C.
 The Hebrew Cemetery in Richmond Virginia also known as Hebrew Burying Ground dates from 1816. This Jewish cemetery one of the oldest in the United States was founded in 1816 as successor to the 1789 Franklin Street Burial Grounds of 1789. Among those interred here are Josephine Cohen Joel who was well known in the early 20th century as the founder of Richmond Art Co. Within Hebrew Cemetery is a plot known as the Soldier's Section.
 Ramona Park Historic District is a national historic district located in the northeast quadrant of Rochester in Monroe County New York. The district consists of 40 contributing buildings. The garden apartment complex was originally built in 1947 as part of the Rochester Plan to provide quality low rent housing for veterans returning from World War II and their families. There are 34 two story garden style apartment buildings and two groups of garage units.
 The Museum of Chinese in America (traditional Chinese: 美國華人博物館; simplified Chinese: 美国华人博物馆; Mandarin Pinyin: Měiguó Huárén Bówùguǎn; Jyutping: Mei5gwok3 Waa4jan4 Bok3mat6gun2; abbreviated MOCA) is a museum in New York City which exhibits Chinese American history.
 Palmi Cathedral or the Church of Saint Nicholas (Italian: Concattedrale di Palmi Chiesa di San Nicola) is the principal church of Palmi in Italy and co-cathedral of the diocese of Oppido Mamertina-Palmi.
 Westhope also known as the Richard Lloyd Jones House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Tulsa Oklahoma in 1929. Richard Lloyd Jones was Wright's cousin and the publisher of the Tulsa Tribune.This building is located at 3700 South Birmingham Avenue. It was listed in the National Register on April 10 1975.
 The Basilica of Begoña (or Basílica de Nuestra Señora de Begoña in Spanish) is a basilica in Bilbao in Spain dedicated to the patron saint of Biscay the Virgin Begoña.The current parish priest is Jesús Francisco de Garitaonandia.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Diocese of Iowa. The church is located in Muscatine Iowa United States at 411 East 2nd Street. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Park Avenue Condominiums is a 486ft (148m) tall skyscraper in Atlanta Georgia. It was constructed from 1998 to 2000 and has 44 floors. Burt Hill Kosar Rittelman Associates designed the building which is the 16th tallest in Atlanta and was the tallest all residential tower until TWELVE Centennial Park passed it in 2007.
 Frontline was the young adult ministry of McLean Bible Church a non-denominational evangelical Christian church with campuses throughout the Washington DC metropolitan area. Frontline was started in 1994 and has an average weekly attendance of over 2500 between its multiple campuses. John McGowan is the current Director and Teaching Pastor for Frontline. In early 2011 John stepped up for Todd Phillips Frontline's previous Teaching Pastor.
 The Capt. George Scott House also known as the Octagon House and the Collar Box House is an historic octagonal house located on Federal Street in Wiscasset Maine. Built in 1855 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 23 1972.
 Woodburn is a farm complex that was built beginning about 1777 for the Nixson family near Leesburg Virginia. The first structure on the property was a stone gristmill built by George Nixson followed by a stone miller's residence in 1787 along with a stable. The large brick house was built between 1825 and 1850 by George Nixson's son or grandson George. The house became known as Dr.
 The Hicks Building is a building in the city of Sheffield South Yorkshire England part of the University of Sheffield.
 Vesper Cliff ( also known as Tioga TerraceGlenbetsy and Robert C. John House) an architecturally distinguished Greek Revival-style residence located immediately outside of the Town of Owego in Tioga County New York. The primary dwelling is a building of plank construction to which was added about 1834 a monumental temple-fronted addition designed by noted architect Alexander Jackson Davis.
 Art Tower Mito (水戸芸術館 Mito Geijutsukan) is an arts complex in Mito Ibaraki Prefecture Japan. It opened in 1990 as part of the centennial celebrations of the municipality of Mito. There is a concert hall that seats 680 a theater for up to 636 a contemporary art gallery and a landmark tower. Arata Isozaki was the architect with acoustical design by Nagata Acoustics.
 The Hagia Triada (English: Holy Trinity) is a Greek Orthodox church in Istanbul Turkey. The building was erected in 1880 and is considered the largest Greek Orthodox shrine in Istanbul today. It is still in use by the Greek community of Istanbul. It has about 150 parishioners.
 Vanderbeck House is a historic house located in Mahwah Bergen County New Jersey United States. Built in 1760 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983.
 The Erick J. Thompson House is located in New Richmond Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Ridgewood Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Cumru Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has eight contributing buildings and five contributing structures. They are a two story vernacular Federal sandstone farmhouse (c. 1810); sandstone Pennsylvania bank barn (1809); sandstone summer kitchen / butcher house; 1 1/2-story sandstone produce storage building (1810); ground cellar; stone wall; and other outbuildings.
 De Witte is a former restaurant located in Amersfoort in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the period 1960-1981.The hotel-café-restaurant was established in a villa in 1922. Originally it was named Ter Horst. In 1925 after a being sold to C.J.G. Hastrich is was renamed to De Witte. In 1956 the villa was replaced by a purpose-built building but father Hastrich was not there anymore having died in 1955 just before the rebuilding.
 St James the Great Shirley is a Grade C listed Church of England parish in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.
 Humphrey's Restaurant & Tavern (also referred to as Humphrey's or Hump's) is a college bar near Saint Louis University at Laclede and Spring Streets that was the basis for the 2001 film One Night at McCool's written by Stan Seidel but the movie was not shot here as it was considered not appropriate for filming.
 Houghton House is a ruined house located near Houghton Conquest in Bedfordshire on the ridge just north of Ampthill and about 8 miles south of Bedford. It is a Grade I listed building.Being set above the surrounding countryside it commands excellent views and can be visited during daylight hours.
 The Deerwood Auditorium is a community center in Deerwood Minnesota United States built as a Works Progress Administration project. The auditorium built in 1935 is listed on the National Register of Historic Places a rare surviving example of federal relief architecture in Minnesota.Town officials had been discussing building a community hall in 1933 but during the Great Depression the town was strapped for cash.
 Trinity Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located in Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1878 and is a gable-roofed Late Gothic Revival style church three bays by eight bays attached to the rectory by a newer wing. The brick parish hall was built in 1898. It is constructed of stone and brick and has a slate-covered gable roof.
 Taïm is an Israeli vegetarian restaurant located at 45 Spring Street (on the corner of Mulberry Street) in NoLita in Manhattan in New York City. Taïm means tasty in Hebrew.The Spring Street location opened in October 2012. Another location is at 222 Waverly Place (near Perry Street) in the West Village since 2005.
 Van Cortlandtville School also known as Common School District No. 10 is a historic school building located at Van Cortlandtville Westchester County New York. It was built about 1850 and is a small one story brick vernacular Gothic Revival style building. It has a steeply pitched slate covered gable roof and board and batten siding. Additions were made to the original building in the early 20th century and in 1940.
 Royce Hall is a building on the campus of the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA). Originally designed by the Los Angeles firm of Allison & Allison (James Edward Allison 1870-1955 and his brother David Clark Allison 1881-1962) and completed in 1929 it is one of the four original buildings on UCLA's Westwood campus and has come to be the defining image of the university.
 The South Lake Morton Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on November 20 1985) located in Lakeland Florida. It received its designation because it provides an outstanding example of urban planning from the early 20th century and because of the large number of architecturally significant structures ranging from 1920- 1948. It contains 557 historic buildings. Most of the homes are bungalows from the Arts and Crafts period of the 20's and 30's.
 The Cass Building is a low-rise office building at 455 West Fort Street at the southeast corner of First Street in Detroit Michigan. It is also known as Detroit's Work Place.
 Donnea Castle (Dutch: Kasteel de Donnea) is a castle in the village Guigoven municipality of Kortessem eastern Belgium. The main building was built in 1801-1802.
 East Oaks is a historic home and farm complex located at Poolesville Montgomery County Maryland. It is a 156-acre (0.63 km2) farm complex consisting of a 2 1⁄2-story c. 1829 Federal-period brick residence situated on a knoll surrounded by agricultural buildings and dependencies whose construction dates span more than a century.
 Casa de Rosas also known as the Froebel Institute and the Sunshine Mission is a historic building in the West Adams district of Los Angeles. The building was designed by Sumner P. Hunt and built in 1893. It was originally an experimental kindergarten and has also been used over the years as a prestigious college preparatory school for girls an inn and restaurant a military barracks in World War II the headquarters of L. Ron Hubbard's Dianetics Foundation and a shelter for homeless women.
 Bellinga Castle (Swedish: Bellinga slott) is situated in Ystad Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.
 Holy Trinity Church Rolleston is a parish church in the Church of England in Rolleston Nottinghamshire.
 The Vale Niseko is a ski-side serviced apartment and condo-hotel property development in Niseko on Japan’s northern island of Hokkaidō. Announced in 2007 is Niseko’s largest residential single complex with a total of 49 residences outdoor heated pool private onsen (natural thermal hot spring baths) restaurant bar and après ski terrace.Located on the ski run in upper Hirafu Village construction began in June 2008.
 River House also known as The Ferry Farm is a historic plantation home located near Millwood Clarke County Virginia. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story five bay rubble limestone dwelling in a vernacular Federal-style. It has a gable roof with wide interior-end chimneys. Also on the property is a rare three-part slave or servants' house and an early smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. It is located in the Greenway Historic District.
 Adam-Derby House is a historic home located at Oyster Bay in Nassau County New York. It was built in 1878 and designed by noted architects William Appleton Potter (1842-1909) and Robert Henderson Robertson (1849-1919) during their partnership as Potter & Robertson. From 1914 to 1977 it was the home of Ethel Roosevelt Derby (1891-1977) daughter of President Theodore Roosevelt.
 Phelps County Jail located on Park Street between Second and Third Streets Rolla Missouri was built in 1860 for USD 3000. The jail was operated by Phelps County from 1860 to 1912. Union forces which took over the town in 1861 used the jail for both military and civilian prisoners during the American Civil War. Dr. E.A. Stricker presented the jail to the Phelps County Historical Society in 1943.
 JW Marriott International Finance Centre is a supertall skyscraper with 102 floors and with a roof height of 431 m (1414 ft) planned for Chongqing China. The design has gone through several versions requiring the demolition of the base for a previous version of the project.
 The Forrest-Marbury House located at 3350 M Street NW in Georgetown Washington D.C. and is not far from the Francis Scott Key Bridge over the Potomac River.It was the site of a March 29 1791 meeting between President George Washington and local land-owners to discuss the federal government's purchase offer of land needed to build a new capital city for the young United States of America. The meeting was a success and the land was soon acquired.
 The Mall at Prince Georges is an enclosed regional shopping mall located in Hyattsville Maryland at the intersection of Belcrest Road and East-West Highway (Maryland Route 410). It is served by a Washington Metro station Prince George's Plaza which shares the mall's former name. This station is on the Green Line. Located across Belcrest Road from the Mall is the University Town Center mixed-use development.
 The Château d'Échéry is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Sainte-Croix-aux-Mines in the département of Haut-Rhin Alsace France. It is dated to the 13th century. The castle is also known today as Château de Haut-Echery or Château du Haut Eckerich and was originally named Château de Belmont.
 Leland Historic District in Leland Mississippi is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. Its historical significance derives from its architecture.
 Barnert Hospital was a 236-bed hospital located on Broadway in the Eastside section of Paterson New Jersey that operated for 99 years. The hospital was named for Nathan Barnert a philanthropist and former mayor of Paterson who founded the hospital. The hospital was a full-service facility offering perinatal care family care services and an outpatient infusion unit treating high risk pregnancies and hematology-oncology patients.
 The Garrett Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Garrett Park Montgomery County Maryland. It is a 154-acre (62 ha) residential community incorporated in 1891 along the B & O Railroad. The older community includes a number of late Victorian homes. During the 1920s the town expanded with a set of 40640-square-foot (3776 m2) Chevy houses built by Maddux Marshall & Co.
 The Telfair Museum of Art located in the historic district of Savannah Georgia is the Southern United States’ first public art museum. Founded through the bequest of Mary Telfair (1791–1875) a prominent local citizen and operated by the Georgia Historical Society until 1920 the museum opened in 1886 in the Telfair family’s renovated Regency-style mansion known as the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences.
 The former Ski Lift No. 1 begins on Aspen Street in Aspen Colorado United States and climbs up the slopes of Aspen Mountain. It was built in the late 1940s on the site of Aspen's first ski lift known as the Boat Tow. In 1990 it was listed under that name on the National Register of Historic Places one of only two ski lifts in the country so recognized.It was originally built with motors and other equipment left over from Aspen's days as a silver mining center in the late 19th century.
 The Red Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that runs over Big Bureau Creek north of Princeton Illinois. It was originally built in 1863 at a cost of $3148.57. The 149-foot (45 m) span is one of five remaining covered bridges in Illinois and it is still open to traffic. It was once part of the Peoria-Galena Trail.The bridge was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 23 1975.
 The Saratoga Victory Mill on Gunter Avenue in Guntersville Alabama was built in 1928. It was a work of architectural and engineering firm Robert & Company. It has also been known as Guntersville Mill and as Standard-Coosa-Thatcher Mill. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 William and Jane Phinney House is a historic house at 555 Phinney's Lane in Barnstable Massachusetts.The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.
 The Dakar Grand Mosque (also Grande Mosquée de Dakar) is one of the most important religious buildings in the capital of Senegal. It is situated on Allée Pape Gueye Fall.
 St. John's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal Church church at 1 North Market Street in Johnstown Fulton County New York. It consists of a rectangular gable roofed main block and an attached parish hall wing. The main block of the church was completed in 1837 and consists of tall random ashlar stone walls and engaged stone entrance / bell tower. It features Gothic details. Extensive renovations on the building took place in 1911.
 Deal-Mendenhall Hall is a historic home in Springville Utah United States. The house was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on January 5 1998. It was part of the Springville Multiple Property Submission which added eleven Springville properties to National Register of Historic Places.It was a home of the family of Romanzo A. Deal a businessman and civic leader of Springville and it was later a home of the family of Guy Mendenhall.
 The Pittock Block is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon occupying a city block between SW 9th and 10th Avenues SW Stark and Washington Streets and west of O'Bryant Square.
 The Knight-Finch House was a house built by prominent local fruit grower and canner Newell James Knight (older brother of Utah mining magnate Jesse Knight) and his wife Eliza Stratton Knight located in Orem Utah. It was built in 1909 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. Joseph Finch and Ethel Davis Finch purchased the home in 1926.
 Newcastle Museum is a museum in Newcastle New South Wales. The museum was founded in 1988.
 Fengguo Temple (simplified Chinese: 奉国寺; traditional Chinese: 奉國寺; pinyin: Fèng Gúo Sì) is a Buddhist temple located in Yixian Liaoning Province China. The temple was first founded in 1020 during the Liao Dynasty (915-1125) and grew quite large during the subsequent centuries. Today only two halls two gates and a decorative arch survive. The most important surviving building is the Daxiongbao Hall a very large hall that dates from 1020.
 St Paul's Deptford is one of London's finest Baroque parish churches cited as one of the most moving C18 churches in London in the Buildings of England series. It was designed by gentleman architect Thomas Archer and built between 1712 and 1730 in Deptford which was then a suburb in Kent but is now part of South East London. It was one of the 50 churches that were to be built by the New Church Commissioners although only 12 were ultimately constructed. It and St.
 The Thomas P. Jernigan House is a historic home located at 918 Dunlap Street Paris Henry County Tennessee.It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 The Pierhead Building (Welsh: Adeilad y Pierhead) is a Grade 1 listed building of the National Assembly for Wales in Cardiff Bay Wales. It stands as one of the city of Cardiff's most familiar landmarks and was built in 1897 as the headquarters for the Bute Dock Company. The clock on the building is unofficially known as the Baby Big Ben or the Big Ben of Wales and also serves as a Welsh history museum.
 Darlington United Methodist Church is located in Darlington Maryland. It is a pre Civil War structure built in 1852 with white siding large windows and many historically original architecture. It is a church within the Baltimore Washington Conference of the United Methodist Church. It is also one of two churches part of the Darlington Methodist Charge the other being Rock Run United Methodist Church in Level Maryland.
 Sacred Heart Church is a Grade II listed redundant Roman Catholic church on Tyldesley Road Hindsford Atherton in Greater Manchester England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Sena Kalyan Bhaban is a 21-Storied Commercial Building located at 195 Motijheel Commercial Area Dhaka on an area of 1.35 Bighas of land. Previously on the same space there was a Rest House for the Ex-Armed Forces Personnel. The Foundation stone of the 21-Storied Sena Kalyan Bhaban was laid in April 1982. The construction was completed in August 1990. The total covered space of the building is 321000 sq. ft. and the rentable space is 213239 sq. ft.
 The Chiesa di San Benedetto (Saint Benedict) is a church in Venice northern Italy. Generally known as San Beneto in the Venetian dialect it is on the Campo San Benedetto in Venice. It was founded in the 11th century and rebuilt in 1685.San Beneto is in the parish of San Luca.
 Drumthwacket is the official residence of the governor of New Jersey. The mansion is located at 354 Stockton Street in Princeton close to the state capital of Trenton. (It is one of only four official governor's residences in the country that is not located within its state capital; the other three are in Wisconsin Ohio and Tennessee.)Drumthwacket and the surrounding land was sold to the state in 1966 and was designated as the governor's mansion in 1982.
 The McClelland Homestead is a historic farm in western Lawrence County Pennsylvania United States. Located along McClelland Road northeast of Bessemer the farm complex includes buildings constructed in the middle of the 19th century. It has been designated a historic site because of its well-preserved architecture.
 Eastview Community Church is a Mennonite Brethren church in Winnipeg Manitoba. It split from the River East Mennonite Brethren Church in 1990. At first they rented a facility with a seating capacity of 150 and they eventually built a church building in 1995. In 2003 Eastview was a satellite host church for the Willow Creek Association Leadership Summit.
 St George in the East is an Anglican Church dedicated to Saint George and one of six Hawksmoor churches in London England. It was built from 1714 to 1729 with funding from the 1711 Act of Parliament. The name of the church was also the parish for the surrounding area until subsumed into Metropolitan Borough of Stepney and abolished in 1927.
 The Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic building in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Located at 1 North Broad Street directly across from Philadelphia City Hall it serves as the headquarters of the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania Free and Accepted Masons.
 The Secrest Octagon Barn is an historic octagonal barn which is located near Downey Johnson County Iowa. The barn was constructed in 1883 by George Frank Longerbean an untrained builder for Joshua Hunt Secrest a local farmer. On November 5 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Limebrook Priory was a priory in Lingen Herefordshire England at grid reference SO37386604.
 Narvik Church (Norwegian: Narvik kirke) is the main parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Narvik. The church is part of the Narvik parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The large stone church was built in 1925 by the architect Olaf Nordhagen. The church seats 700 people.
 Old Veøy Church (Norwegian: Veøy gamle kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the small island of Veøya. The church is part of the Røvik og Veøy parish in the Molde arch-deanery in the Diocese of Møre. The church seats about 400 people.
 NorthPark Mall is a shopping mall located in Davenport Iowa. As Davenport is part of the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa the mall serves the population of these cities. The mall is located northwest of the intersection of U.S. Highways 61 (Welcome Way) and 6 (Kimberly Road) at 320 West Kimberly Road. NorthPark Mall is one of two shopping malls operating in the Quad Cities area the other being SouthPark Mall in Moline Illinois.Like SouthPark Mall this mall is operated by Macerich.
 The Gotisch huis (English:Gothic house) is one of the oldest buildings in the city of Groningen Netherlands. It is a rijksmonument since 1971. Build in the 14th century is used to be widely seen as the oldest residential building remaining in the city this fact was mentioned when it became a rijksmonument even though the Calmershuis build in 1250 and which is mentioned as being a mayors house is older.
 The Hryszko Brothers Building is a building in north Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Tenino Downtown Historic District is two blocks long one-half block-deep on either side of Sussex Street in Tenino Washington. Approximately three acres in size the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25 2004.
 1125 17th Street is a 363 ft (111 m) tall skyscraper in Denver Colorado. It was completed in 1980 and has 25 floors. It is the 27th tallest building in Denver.The building was formerly known as the Bank One Tower and in even earlier times the Amoco Building since Standard Oil once leased a significant part of the building. When JPMorgan Chase and Bank One merged the building's name changed to the Chase Tower.
 VivoCity (Chinese: 怡丰城) is the largest shopping mall in Singapore. Located in the HarbourFront precinct it was designed by the Japanese architect Toyo Ito. Its name is derived from the word vivacity. According to Mapletree chairman Edmund Cheng VivoCity evokes a lifestyle experience that is modern stimulating and accessible to everyone a place bubbling with energy and flowing with vitality.
 Founded as North Carolina Memorial Hospital UNC Health Care is a major non-profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Due to organizational commitments it provides services throughout the Triangle and North Carolina. It was organized in 1952 as the medical school of the University of North Carolina.
 Withcote Chapel is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Withcote Leicestershire England (grid reference SK795057). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Clifton-Taylor includes the church in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 St. Martin of Tours Catholic Church is a historic church at 133 S. Main Street in St. Martinville Louisiana.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register in 1972.
 The Capitoline Hill (/ˈkæpɨtəlaɪn/ or /kəˈpɪtɵlaɪn/; Latin: Collis Capitōlīnus) between the Forum and the Campus Martius is one of the seven hills of Rome. It was the citadel (equivalent of the ancient Greek acropolis) of the earliest Romans. By the 16th century Capitolinus had become Capitolino in Italian with the alternative Campidoglio stemming from Capitolium one of the three major spurs of the Capitolinus (the others being Arx and Tarpeius).
 There is another Château de Montbrun a hotel near Tours in Pays de Loire.The Château de Montbrun is a ruined castle in the commune of Montbrun in the Lot département of France.The castle dates from the 12th 13th and 17th centuries. Its existence as an important fortified site is documented in the 13th century. The castle was built in a position overlooking a meander in the Lot river.
 ToonSeum: Pittsburgh Museum of Cartoon Art is a museum devoted exclusively to the cartoon arts located in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. ToonSeum is one of three museums dedicated to cartoon art in the United States. ToonSeum moved to its own gallery space on Liberty Avenue in Pittsburgh's downtown Cultural District on November 8 2009 aided by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.In 2009 the ToonSeum established its NEMO Award given to notable individuals for excellence in the cartoon arts.
 The Zalău City Hall (Romanian: Primăria Zalău) is a building in Zalău which was built in 1889.
 Francis Malbone House is a historic house at 392 Thames Street in Newport in Newport Rhode Island.Peter Harrison one of colonial Newport's most prominent architects designed the Malbone House in 1758 using Georgian architecture styles. In 1975 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 St Paul's Church Bury is located in Church Street Bury Greater Manchester England. A former Anglican parish church it is now redundant and following fire damage has been converted into residential use. The former church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The People's Story Museum is a museum housed in the historic Canongate Tolbooth the collections of which tell the story of the people of Edinburgh from the late 18th century to the present day. This is done through use of oral history reminiscence and written sources.
 North Ormsby Priory was a Gilbertine priory in North Ormsby Lincolnshire England.It was founded by Gilbert son of Robert of Ormsby with the consent of his lord William earl of Albemarle. Robert was steward of William of Percy and gave the nuns the churches of Sth Elkington and LittleGrimsby pasture and land.
 The House at 7 Salem Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a transitional Greek Revival/Italianate style house built c. 1855-87. The 2.5 story wood frame house has a typical Greek Revival side hall plan with door and window surrounds that are also typical to that style. However it also bears clear Italianate styling with the arched window in the gable and the paired brackets in the eaves.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St Augustine's Church Sookholme is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Sookholme near Warsop.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is an historic church at 115 High Street in Taunton Massachusetts United States.
 The Ipsut Creek Patrol Cabin was built by the United States National Park Service in 1933 in Mount Rainier National Park to house backcountry rangers. The log cabin resembles other cabins at Huckleberry Creek Lake James and Three Lakes all built to standard plans from the Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs supervised by Acting Chief Architect W.G. Carnes.
 Nanzatico is a historic plantation home located at King George Court House King George County Virginia. It was built about 1770 and is a frame two-story structure seven-bays wide with a hipped roof and two interior end chimneys. The front facade features an engaged portico consisting of heroic pilasters entablature and bulls-eye pediment. Also on the property are the contributing square frame smokehouse a frame summer kitchen and a frame schoolhouse or office.
 Nassau University Medical Center (NUMC) is a public teaching hospital affiliated with the Health Sciences Center of the State University of New York at Stony Brook. The 19 story 631 bed Level I Trauma Center is located at 2201 Hempstead Turnpike East Meadow NY.The mission of Nassau University Medical Center is to provide comprehensive high quality health care services to Nassau County residents regardless of their ability to pay.
 St Mary Itchen Stoke Hampshire is a redundant Anglican church in the parish of Itchen Stoke and Ovington. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 Auldbrass Plantation or Auldbrass is located in Beaufort County South Carolina near the town of Yemassee. The name is a variation of Old Brass which was the name given to the farmland and the local river landing. The earliest records from the farm are dated to 1736 when the farm was known as Mount Pleasant. An industrial engineer C. Leigh Stevens joined five parcels of land together along the Combahee River to form the plantation.
 The Algonquin Resort is a coastal resort hotel in the Tudor style located in St. Andrews New Brunswick. It was built in 1889 by the St. Andrews Land Company established in 1883 by wealthy American businessmen.
 The Royal Abbey of Santa Maria de Poblet (Catalan: Reial Monestir de Santa Maria de Poblet) is a Cistercian monastery founded in 1151 located at the feet of the Prades Mountains in the comarca of Conca de Barberà in Catalonia (Spain). It was founded by Cistercian monks from France on lands conquered from the Moors.
 Örenäs Castle (Swedish: Örenäs slott) is a castle in Landskrona Municipality Scania in southern Sweden. A German Boroque style castle approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from the center of Landskrona. The building as it looks today was raised in 1914-1918. It’s now a hotel and conference centre with a public restaurant. During WWII Danish and Estonian refugees were hosted here. It's known to be the youngest castle in both Scania and Sweden.
 The James A. Rhodes State Office Tower is a 41-story 191.72 m (629.0 ft) skyscraper at 30 East Broad Street in Columbus Ohio. The Rhodes Tower was completed and occupied in 1974 and is currently the tallest building in Columbus and the fifth tallest in Ohio after Key Tower Terminal Tower and 200 Public Square in Cleveland and Great American Tower at Queen City Square in Cincinnati.Currently approximately 4000 state employees work in the building.
 Top Cottage also known as Hill-Top Cottage in Hyde Park New York was a private retreat designed by and for Franklin D. Roosevelt. Built in 1938 to 1939 during Roosevelt's second term as President of the United States it was designed to accommodate his need for wheelchair accessibility.
 Snake Alley is a street located in Burlington Iowa once recognized by Ripley's Believe It or Not as the Crookedest Street in the World.
 The Mount Stuart visitor centre on the Bute estate near Rothsay on the Island of Bute was designed by the architect Alfred Munkenbeck of Munkenbeck + Marshall and was opened by Richard Attenborough in June 2001.
 The Thomas and Isabella Moore Clyde House is a private house located at 50325 Cherry Hill Road in Canton Township Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Churchill War Rooms is a museum in London and one of the five branches of the Imperial War Museum. The museum comprises the Cabinet War Rooms a historic underground complex that housed a British government command centre throughout the Second World War and the Churchill Museum a biographical museum exploring the life of British statesman Winston Churchill.Construction of the Cabinet War Rooms located beneath the Treasury building in the Whitehall area of Westminster began in 1938.
 St Peter's Church is an Anglican church in the Bohemia area of the town and seaside resort of St Leonards-on-Sea part of the Borough of Hastings in East Sussex England. Founded in 1883 in response to the rapid residential growth of this part of St Leonards-on-Sea the outstanding late Victorian church was completed and opened in 1885.
 Hill Aerospace Museum located near Ogden Utah is a U.S. Air Force museum that is part of the United States Air Force Heritage Program.The museum founded in 1981 and moved to its current location in 1991 displays over 90 aircraft from around the world in addition to a variety of munitions equipment auxiliary vehicles and other items of historical interest.In 1996 the Museum became the home of the Utah Aviation Hall of Fame.
 Løten Church is a stone church located in Løten in Hedmark county Norway. The church is probably built around 1200. It was latest rebuilt in 1873.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church on Tenth Avenue at Eleventh Street NW corner in Greeley Colorado.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Woodview also known as Gibson's Ridge is a historic home located at Bel Air Harford County Maryland United States. It is a two-section 2 1⁄2-story Federal style stone house. The main section conststs of two parts: a three-bay-wide two-room plan section dating to 1744 and a two bays wide section containing a stair hall and one large room per floor dating to about 1820. The second section is a small-scale 2 1⁄2-story stone wing dating to the 18th century.
 The Textile Museum is a private museum located in the Kalorama neighborhood of Northwest Washington D.C. USA.
 St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church on Ash Street in Lindsay Cooke County Texas.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register in 1979.The church is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Worth.
 Landmark Place is the tallest building in downtown Hamilton Ontario Canada at the corner of Main Street East and Catharine Street South in the Corktown/Stinson neighbourhood. This 43-storey building (127 metres/417 feet) was completed in 1974 and was originally known as the Century 21 building. It was built by Al Frisina as a mixed use building; commercial residential and retail. Original plans included adding a heliport and a revolving rooftop restaurant but those plans were scrapped.
 Warner's Ranch near Warner Springs California was notable as a way station for large numbers of emigrants on the Southern Emigrant Trail from 1849 to 1861 as it was a stop on both the Gila River Trail and the Butterfield Overland Mail stagecoach line (1859-1861). It also was operated as a pioneering cattle ranch.The property with two adobe buildings from 1849 and 1857 was declared a California Historical Landmark in 1939 and a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
 The Church of St. Teresa is a Roman Catholic parish located at 16-18 Rutgers Street on the corner of Henry Street in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York. The church building was constructrd in 1841-42 as the Rutgers Presbyterian Church erected in the Gothic Revival style on a plot of ground donated by Colonel Henry Rutgers and it is said to have oldest public clock in New York City.
 The Round Barn Pilot Grove Township is an historical structure located in rural Montgomery County Iowa United States. It was built in 1912 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is a true round barn that measures 60 feet (18.3 m) around. It is covered in white vertical siding and features a two-pitch roof a small dormer on the south side and an 18 foot (5.5 m) central silo.
 The Vermont Building is a historic building at 10 Thacher Street in the North End neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.The building was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.The building once a warehouse now contains loft apartments.
 De Bokkedoorns is a restaurant located in Overveen in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin stars in the periods 1974-1975 and 1978-1990. It is awarded two stars since 1991 up to present.GaultMillau awarded them 18.0 points (out of 20).Head chef Lucas Rive works for the restaurant since 1985. He is head chef since 1990. In 1991 Rive was the youngest (29 years old) head chef in The Netherlands ever to be awarded two Michelin stars.
 The Royal E. Robbins School is a historic school building at 58 Chestnut Street in Waltham Massachusetts. The two story brick Georgian Revival building was built in 1901 during a period of rapid growth on the city's South Side. It is named for Royal E. Robbins a major figure in the founding of the Waltham Watch Company a major economic force in that area. It is now a community center.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Barnard-Garn-Barber House at 1198 N. Main St. in Centerville Utah was built in phases in c.1854 c.1870 and c.1898 It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.It was built as a stone hall-parlor house by James Barnard and a second stone part of the house was built by Micah and Fanny Garn. The Thomas and Julia Barber family added a brick extension at the rear and added a Victorian style brick gable end that faces to the front.
 Somerton Historic District is a national historic district located at Suffolk Virginia. The district encompasses 15 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the rural village of Somerton in Suffolk. The district includes an 18th-century ordinary a 19th-century church and modest dwellings dating from the 18th 19th and 20th centuries surrounded by large agricultural fields. The buildings are in a variety of popular architectural styles ranging from Federal to Folk Victorian.
 The Las Animas Post Office is a historic Modern Movement-style building in Las Animas Colorado that was built during 1937-38. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.It is a 60-by-60-foot (18 m × 18 m) building. It was unusual for New Deal-era construction in Colorado as it was built as a direct relief project of the Treasury Department rather than through the Works Progress Administration or another New Deal construction agency.
 Restaurant De Zwaan is a restaurant located in Etten-Leur in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1994–present.Gault Millau awarded the restaurant 16 out of 20 points.Head chef of De Zwaan is Carlo Chantrel. Former head chefs include John Jansen (1991).De Zwaan is a member and one of the founders of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.The restaurant celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2007.
 The Zagreb Mosque is the largest mosque in Croatia. Islamic Secondary School Dr. Ahmed Smajlović and a cultural centre operate within the mosque. The construction began in 1981 and had finished in 1987.In 1983 the Sultan of Sharjah Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi who had donated 2.5 million USD for the construction visited the Islamic Community in Zagreb.
 Building at 140 W. Main Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County Delaware. It was built in 1885 and is a three story L shaped frame residence in the Second Empire style. It was built as a single family home but later divided into apartments. Also on the property is a carriage house.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Temple Beth Israel is a historic Jewish synagogue building at 21 Charter Oak Avenue in Hartford Connecticut.It was built in 1875 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Switchback School also known as Union Hurst School is a historic Rosenwald school located near Hot Springs Bath County Virginia. It was built in 1924-1925 and is a one-story frame graded two-teacher type of public school. It is sheathed in weatherboard and has a side-gable roof. A major addition at the south end was built in 1933 and a second addition was built about 1960. Also on the property are a contributing privy (c.
 Lower Mill is a historic grist mill located at Honeoye Falls in Monroe County New York. The 3- to 4 1⁄2-story stone structure was built about 1829. The mill operated into the 1930s and the structure was subsequently used by a creamery oil company and for community use. A restaurant and gallery now operates in the structure.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Concorde Tower is a 45-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The residential tower which is estimated to cost USD 120 million to construct has a total structural height of 190 m (623 ft). The developer said the building was to be completed in December 2007. Due to the force majeure situations building got completed in February 2009 and ready for use on April 2009.
 The Grace and Robert Miller Ranch represents an expansion of the previously existing Miller Cabin listing on the National Register of Historic Places. The ranch was the home of Robert E. Miller first superintendent of Jackson Hole National Monument. The property was transferred to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as part of the National Elk Refuge.
 George Schlack House is a historic home located near Ridgeway Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1913 and is a 2 1⁄2-story rectangular Colonial Revival style dwelling built of concrete block and finished in rock-faced concrete block. It is five bays in width and four bays deep with a truncated hipped roof and denticulated trim.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Campsey Priory was a priory of Austin (Augustinian) nuns located some 1.5 miles (2.5 km) south west of Wickham Market in Suffolk England. The priory was founded about the year 1195 when Theobald de Valoines bequeathed his Campsey estates to his sisters Joan and Agnes on condition that they built a nunnery there in honour of the Blessed Virgin. In accordance with his wishes the sisters built the priory and established a community of Austin nuns.
 Saint Saviour's is the Church of England parish church for the village of Branston south of Burton upon Trent. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.The church was built in 1864 designed by the architect Vincent Cook.The church building was originally single-celled with a bell turret at its western end.
 Bala's Museum officially with the sub-name With Memories Of Lucy Maud Montgomery is a museum located in Bala Ontario Canada. It is owned and operated by Jack Hutton and Linda Jackson-Hutton.The museum was formerly a boarding house operated by Fanny Pike at the beginnings of the 1900s and now houses artifacts from the Muskoka region from its founding by Thomas Burgess as well as those pertaining to Lucy Maud Montgomery the author of the Anne of Green Gables series and The Blue Castle.
 The Tuscaloosa Museum of Art previously the Westervelt-Warner Museum of American Art is an art museum in Tuscaloosa Alabama. It was founded by Tuscaloosa businessman Jack Warner.The Westervelt-Warner Museum of American Art was the result of 40 years of collecting American art by Jack Warner CEO of Gulf States Paper later the Westervelt Company.
 Johnson Camden McKinley House also known as Willow Glen is a historic home located at Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. It was built between 1914 and 1920 and is a 1 1/2-story massive dwelling built of ashlar sandstone. It consists of two wings that meet at right angles to form an L shaped building. The front elevation features a balustraded one-story loggia that encloses a broad verandah above the piazza.
 North East Historic District is a national historic district located at North East Erie County Pennsylvania. It includes 114 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of North East. The district includes commercial residential institutional and religious buildings. The buildings were built from the mid-19th to early-20th century and are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival Queen Anne and Italianate.
 The Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum also known as the Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Facility is a museum located in Auburn Indiana that is dedicated to preserving cars built by Auburn Automobile Cord Automobile and Duesenberg. It is comparable in purpose to the Studebaker National Museum which is also located in Indiana.
 The Rome Arsenal was a 3 acres (12000 m2) fortification complex near Rome New York. It was built in 1813 and used until 1873.Rome Arsenal included barracks arsenal magazine workshops and other buildings built to support American forces waging the War of 1812.
 Queen's Cottage (also known as The Lodge) is a country house near Nuwara Eliya Sri Lanka. It is the vacationing and country residence of the President of Sri Lanka. Located within the limits of the Nuwara Eliya Municipal Council along the Queen Elizabeth Drive it is a protected monument under the Antiquities Ordinance.
 St Peter Mancroft is a parish church in the Church of England in the centre of Norwich Norfolk. After the two cathedrals it is the largest church in Norwich and was built between 1430 and 1455. It stands on a slightly elevated position next to the market place.St Peter Mancroft is a member of the Greater Churches Group.
 The former Avon House is an 18-storey building one of the tallest structures in central Bristol England. It was built speculatively and used initially by the former Avon County Council from 1973. When that body was abolished in 1996 the building was used by Bristol City Council staff for a number of years before the building became redundant. It has since been converted into an hotel.
 The Quinta de Olivos is an architectural landmark in the north side Buenos Aires suburb of Olivos and the official residence of the President of Argentina.
 Chester Cathedral is Church of England cathedral and the mother church of the Diocese of Chester It is located in the city of Chester Cheshire England. The cathedral (formerly the abbey church of a Benedictine monastery dedicated to Saint Werburgh) is dedicated to Christ and the Blessed Virgin Mary.
 The Douglass House in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States was built in 1766. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
 Gran Hotel Bali is a 4-star hotel located in Benidorm province of Alicante Spain. It is at 186 metres high (210 metres including the mast) the tallest hotel in Europe and one of the tallest skyscrapers in Europe. It was the tallest building in Spain surpassing Torre Picasso in 2001 until November 2006 when it was overtaken by Torre Espacio (and then successively by the other three towers at the Cuatro Torres Business Area in Madrid.
 Glendale Adventist Medical Center (GAMC) is a non-profit organization located in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendale California USA. GAMC is one of the city's oldest businesses founded in 1905 a year before Glendale was incorporated as a city. It was then known as Glendale Sanitarium and it occupied the former Glendale Hotel a 75-room Victorian structure on what is now Broadway Avenue.
 Old Turner Place also known as King's Grant One is a historic home located near Henry Henry County Virginia. It was built about 1804 and is a 1 1/2-story log dwelling with a gable roof and massive gable end chimneys. Also on the property is a contributing smokehouse.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Baptistery of San Giovanni an octagonal 13th century religious building standing just in front of the Duomo of Volterra in the center of the city. It was supposedly set up in the seventh century at the site of a Roman Temple dedicated to Sun worship.Only one of the sides has been furnished with green and white marble. The Romanesque Portal has been attributed to a follower of Nicola Pisano.
 Meridian House at 1630 Crescent Place in Washington D.C. was built by Ambassador Irwin Boyle Laughlin. He purchased the land in 1912 two years after his friend Henry White bought the adjacent site. After a long career with the US Foreign Service Laughlin retired in 1919 and built Meridian House filling it with his collection of 18th century French drawings and Oriental porcelains and screens.
 Bradner's Pharmacy is located in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1926 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1 1988.
 The Daniel McMahan House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that dates from c.1800 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It includes Central passage plan and other architecture. When listed the property included one contributing building and two contributing structures on an area of 2.3 acres (0.93 ha).Daniel McMahan was one of the early settlers of the region.
 The Club at Brickell Bay is a residential high-rise in the Brickell district of Miami Florida. It is located only one block from Biscayne Bay in the Brickell Financial District. The club which is really a condominium complex is 43-stories high at 411 feet (125 meters) skyscraper tower making the club 43 stories in total. The address is 1200 Brickell Bay Drive. Built in 2004 it is part of the recent development boom in the Miami area.
 Florence Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Florence Kentucky USA. The mall opened in 1976 comprises more than 100 stores including four anchor stores (JCPenney Sears and two Macy's stores) as well as a food court. The mall is managed by General Growth Properties of Chicago Illinois and is noted for an adjacent water tower which is painted with the phrase Florence Y'all which originally read Florence Mall (see section below).
 The bull ring in La Línea de la Concepción (Spanish: Plaza de Toros de la Línea de la Concepción) a town in the province of Cádiz at the southern edge of Spain close to the British territory of Gibraltar was opened in 1883.
 The Baitul Futuh Mosque (English: House of Victories) is a mosque in London. It is the largest mosque complex in Western Europe. Completed in 2003 at a cost of approximately £5.5 million entirely from donations of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community the mosque covers an area of 5.2 acres (21000 m2) and the full complex can accommodate up to 10000 worshippers.
 William Nichols Cobblestone Farmhouse is a historic home located at Benton in Yates County New York. The farmhouse was built about 1844 and is an example of Greek Revival style cobblestone domestic architecture. It is a 1 1⁄2-story L-shaped residence. It is built of reddish lakewashed cobbles. The property includes a barn and smokehouse. The farmhouse is among the nine surviving cobblestone buildings in Yates County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Fell Historic District is a national historic district located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. It encompasses eight contributing buildings in a steeply sloped area along Red Clay Creek. The area developed in the 19th century as a wealthy gentleman's country manufacturing/farming estate. It includes the stuccoed fieldstone Greek Revival style Fell Mansion (c. 1835); a Romanesque Revival stone carriage house (1893); a Carpenter Gothic frame gatehouse (c.
 Pierrepont Town Buildings is a historic town hall and related building complex located at Pierrepont in St. Lawrence County New York. The complex consists of three buildings: the Pierrepont Town Hall Pierrepont Museum (District School #2) and Pierrepont Union Church. The Pierrepont Town Hall is a white frame clapboard structure built in 1847 and originally of Greek Revival design. It features an open porch with Greek pediment with four square tapering columns.
 Daniel Smith House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County New York. It consists of a 2 1⁄2-story five bay dwelling built about 1855 with a 1 1⁄2-story three bay south wing built about 1830. It is an intact example of late period architecture in Huntington.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Towson Academy is a historic National Guard armory building located at Towson Baltimore County Maryland. It is a two-story brick structure constructed in 1933 with full basement faced with a smooth light-colored marble-like stone veneer.
 The Buhl Building is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit Michigan. Architect Wirt C. Rowland designed the Buhl in a Neo-Gothic style with Romanesque accents. Constructed in 1925 it stands at 26 stories in the Detroit Financial District across Congress Street from the Penobscot Building and across Griswold Street from the Guardian Building all of which were designed by Wirt C. Rowland. The Buhl Building stands on the corner of Congress St. West and Griswold St.
 St. James Episcopal Church also known as the Red Church is an historic Episcopal church building formerly Anglican located at 42 Snell Street in Sonora California. Built in 1859 in the Carpenter Gothic style its board and batten exterior walls are of California redwood and are painted red. It was consecrated in 1870 by the Rt Rev. William Ingraham Kip first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California.
 The Cathcart is a historic apartment building located at 103 E. 9th St. in Indianapolis Indiana United States.
 Candi Plumbangan is a temple in Candi formed of a gate paduraksa with cube-shaped peak. The gate is made of stone andesite with a length of 4.09 m width 2.27 m and height 5.6 m. The gate has a wing on either side and has no relief but only a seam line. At the top of the doorway are carved figures in 1312 Saka (1390). In general the temple is still fairly well preserved.
 Hōryū-ji (法隆寺 lit. Temple of the Flourishing Law) is a Buddhist temple in Ikaruga Nara Prefecture Japan. Its full name is Hōryū Gakumonji (法隆学問寺) or Learning Temple of the Flourishing Law the complex serving as both a seminary and monastery.The temple's pagoda is widely acknowledged to be one of the oldest wooden buildings existing in the world underscoring Hōryū-ji's place as one of the most celebrated temples in Japan.
 Tunker House also known as the Yount-Zigler House is a historic home located near Broadway Rockingham County Virginia. The house consists of a two-story three bay brick main block with a brick and frame rear ell. The brick portion of the rear ell is the oldest section and dates to about 1798. It was later raised to a full two stories in the 1830s. The main block was added between 1802 and 1806.
 The Bernadotte Bridge at Bernadotte built in 1910 is one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge is located along County Route 2 between Smithfield Illinois to the north and Ipava Illinois to the south. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 29 1980 along with the eight other bridges as one of the Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County.
 The Nephi and Annie Kindred House in 188 W Center in Springville Utah was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It shows eclectic use of Victorian architecture styles.It was built by Andrew Berkley a mason and Reuben Richardson a carpenter.
 The Grainfield Opera House located at Main and 3rd Sts. in Grainfield Kansas was built in 1887. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was built by the Grainfield Town Company a partnership that had taken ownership of the town area from the railroad. It is notable for its Mesker Brothers cast-iron storefront.
 Dominion Tower is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Norfolk Virginia United States. Once the tallest building in the Hampton Roads metro area it is now the tallest building in the City of Norfolk having been surpassed by the mid-2000s construction of the Armada Hoffler Tower and Westin Virginia Beach Town Center tower in nearby city Virginia Beach Virginia. It can be viewed over the Elizabeth River (Virginia).
 The Joshua Ward House is a historic house at 148 Washington Street in Salem Massachusetts. The three story Federal style brick house built in 1784 is one of the first brick houses in Salem. Its interior woodwoork was done by noted Salem builder and woodworker Samuel McIntire including an original staircase that is the oldest surviving staircase created by him.
 Quartiers Modernes Frugès is a building located in Pessac France. It was designed by noted architect Le Corbusier as both an architect and a town planner. It contained some 70 housing units.
 The Pioneers also known as Pioneers is a bronze sculpture in Elmwood Illinois.Elmwood is the birthplace of the sculptor Lorado Taft and is host to some of his works. The most notable is the statue called The Pioneers which is situated in the town's central park. The Pioneers is ten feet tall and 3500 pounds.
 The Putna monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Putna) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery one of the most important cultural religious and artistic centers established in medieval Moldavia; as with many others it was built and dedicated by Prince Stephen the Great. Putna was founded on the lands perambulated by the Putna (which has its source in the Obcina Mare mountains Bukovina).
 The House at 16 Mineral Street in Reading Massachusetts is a well preserved Second Empire cottage. It was built c. 1874 and probably moved to its present location not long afterward during a building boom in that part of the town. The two story wood frame house has a mansard roof punctured by gable dormers with octagonal hood moldings. The front entry porch is Italianate in style with square chamfered columns.The house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Jarvis is a historic apartment building at 27 Everett Street on the north side of the Harvard University campus in Cambridge Massachusetts. Built in 1860 the 4.5 story brick building was one of the first apartment houses built in the vicinity of northern Massachusetts Avenue. At the time Massachusetts Avenue north of Harvard was predominantly lined with large fashionable houses.
 The Lusk Water Tower was built in 1886 to provide water for steam locomotives on the former Fremont Elkhorn and Missouri Valley Railroad at Lusk Wyoming. Lusk itself was built by the railroad at the same time.
 Columbia Place is one of South Carolina's largest shopping malls with nearly 1100000 square feet (100000 m2) of retail space. The mall is located just off Interstate 20 and Interstate 77 on Two Notch Road in Columbia South Carolina.Opened in 1977 as Columbia Mall it was originally anchored by Belk JCPenney and Sears. Rich's opened a few months later. Dillard's replaced Belk in 1995 and closed in late 2008.
 Rowland House also known as the Shovel Shop is a historic home located at Cheltenham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1774 expanded about 1810-1820 with additions built in the early 1900s and 1920s / 1930s. It is a 3 1/2-story stuccoed stone building with a steep gable roof and one-story frame addition.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Bixby Medical Center is a public hospital in Adrian Michigan that is part of the ProMedica Health System.
 The Masonic Hall is a grade II listed building on Monk Street in Monmouth Monmouthshire Wales. It was designed by architect George Vaughan Maddox. The building is believed to mark the site of Monk's Gate part of the original defences of the town of Monmouth. Before its 1846 conversion to the Masonic Hall the building served as the Monk Street Theatre. After more than 150 years of housing the Loyal Monmouth Lodge No. 457 the Masonic Hall sustained fire and smoke damage from suspected arson.
 The Martyrs Monument in Midway located in Midway City Cemetery outside Midway Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. It honors four Confederate martyrs who were killed in cold blood due to the standing order of Union General over Kentucky Stephen G. Burbridge known as Order No. 59 Order No.
 King George Central is a skyscraper in Brisbane Queensland Australia.The modern style office building is located in the Golden Triangle and the emerging North Quarter Precinct of the Brisbane central business district in close proximity to the King George Square and Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law.In May 2012 the building construction reached its highest point.
 The Water Street District a large part of downtown Lock Haven in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania is an historic district added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1973. The district includes the city's entire central business district as well as many homes and churches constructed in the 19th century especially during the Victorian era.
 Spring Glen Synagogue is located along Old US 209 in the hamlet of the same name part of the Town of Wawarsing in Ulster County New York USA. It was one of the first established in a Jewish community in the Catskill region and is still in use today.Sam Meyerson the region's first Jewish resident bought land in the area shortly after 1900.
 Moore-McMillen House is a historic home located at Egbertville Staten Island New York. It was built in 1818 as the rectory for the Church of St. Andrew. It is a modest two story frame farmhouse set on a fieldstone foundation with a gambrel roof. It features a small covered porch along the length of the main section.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Littlemore Priory was a priory in Oxfordshire England.
 Plaza Colón is the main plaza in the city of Mayagüez Puerto Rico. This plaza and its fountain commemorate the explorer Christopher Columbus whose name in Spanish was Cristóbal Colón. The plaza presents the traditional urban relationship in Puerto Rico with the church now Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria Cathedral on one end of the plaza and the Alcaldia or Mayagüez town hall in the other.
 The St. Pierre Park Hotel or St. Pierre Park Hotel & Golf is a hotel and golf course in Saint Peter Port Guernsey. The hotel is set in 45 acres of mature parkland and contains a 9 hole par 3 golf course (St. Pierre Park Golf Club) designed by Tony Jacklin 3 tennis courts and a health suite named Le Mirage Health Spa. The hotel is served by the The Renoir Restaurant overlooking the lake and garden of the hotel.
 The Jakarta History Museum (Indonesian: Museum Sejarah Jakarta) also known as Fatahillah Museum or Batavia Museum is located in the Old Town (known as Kota) of Jakarta Indonesia. The building was built in 1710 as the Stadhuis (city hall) of Batavia. Jakarta History Museum opened in 1974 displays objects from the prehistory period of the city region the founding of Jayakarta in 1527 and through the Dutch colonization period from the 16th century until Indonesia’s Independence in 1948.
 The John Sevier Savings and Loan building (historically known as the Sevierville Masonic Lodge) is a historic building in Sevierville Tennessee. Constructed in in 1893 it was used as a meeting hall for a local Masonic lodge before being converted into a bank. The Masons now meet elsewhere in the town.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (under the name Seviervill Masonic Lodge) in 1980.
 Lunn-Musser Octagon Barn is a historic barn in Garrattsville New York.It was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 St George's Church Little Thetford is an Anglican church in the village of Little Thetford Cambridgeshire England.
 Carpenter Bridge is a historic bridge on Carpenter Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The bridge was built in 1873 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 The Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing the surviving portions of an area developed by local builder William Lay between 1914 and 1916. It includes a series of almost entirely residential buildings along Belle and Franklin Streets two streets that parallel each other near Interstate 290 north of Springfield's downtown.
 Wartenfels Castle (German: Burgruine Wartenfels) is a ruined castle in the state of Salzburg Austria.
 The Sri Lankan Parliament Complex (also known as the New Parliament Complex) is a public building and landmark that houses the Parliament of Sri Lanka. Situated in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte the administrative capital. It is built on an island surrounded by the Diyawanna Oya it was designed by Deshamanya Geoffrey Bawa.
 The Mohonk Mountain House also known as Lake Mohonk Mountain House is a historic American resort hotel located on the Shawangunk Ridge in Ulster County New York. Its prominent location in the town of New Paltz New York is just beyond the southern border of the Catskill Mountains on the western side of the Hudson River.
 West Lulworth Priory was a priory in Dorset England.
 Saratoga also known as the General Daniel Morgan House is a home near Boyce Virginia. It is a gray limestone Georgian style house built by Brig. Gen. Daniel Morgan best known for his victory over the British at the Battle of Cowpens in 1781.
 East Clarendon Railroad Station is a historic station at VT 103 and East Road in Clarendon Vermont.It was built in 1916 and added to the National Register in 1999.
 The Monastery of Santa Maria de Pombeiro (Portuguese: Mosteiro de Santa Maria de Pombeiro) shortened to Monastery of Pombeiro is a monastery in the civil parish of Pombeiro de Ribavizela in the municipality of Felgueiras (district in Porto) in the northern region of Portugal.
 St. Rose Priory is a house of the Dominican Order located near Springfield Kentucky. It is the first foundation of that Order in the United States and the first Catholic educational institution west of the Allegheny Mountains.The land for the priory was purchased by (then) Father Edward Dominic Fenwick O.P. (later Bishop of Cincinnati) in July 1806 with money received from an inheritance. He bought an existing farm west of Springfield Kentucky.
 The Raleigh Tavern was a tavern in Williamsburg Virginia and was one of the largest taverns in colonial Virginia. It gained some fame in the pre-American Revolutionary War Colony of Virginia as a gathering place for legislators after several Royal Governors officially dissolved the House of Burgesses the elected legislative body when their actions did not suit the Crown.
 The George D. Oakley House at 2110 Kakela Place in Honolulu Hawaiʻi was built in 1929 in the English cottage style of architecture popular in Hawaiʻi during the 1920s and 1930s. This house is one of the finest of only two dozen or so extant houses of similar style in the state.
 383 Madison Avenue is an office building owned and occupied by JP Morgan Chase in New York City on a full block bound by Madison Avenue and Vanderbilt Avenue between 46th and 47th Streets. Formerly known as the Bear Stearns Building it housed the world headquarters of the now-defunct Bear Stearns from the building's completion until Bear's collapse and sale to JPMorgan Chase in 2008. The building now houses the New York offices for J.P.
 Acklam Hall is a Restoration mansion in the former village and now suburb of Acklam in Middlesbrough in the unitary authority of Middlesbrough and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire England. It is a Grade I listed building.It was built by William Hustler in 1678. A long-held albeit unverified family tradition noted that the Hall was subject to a royal progress by the then-sovereign King Charles II in 1684.
 West Greenwich Baptist Church and Cemetery (also known as the Plain Meeting House) is an historic church meeting house at Plain Meeting House and Liberty Hill Roads in West Greenwich Center Rhode Island. It is the oldest building of this type in the western edge of Rhode Island.The Federal era Plain Meeting House was built by the Independent and Union Society as a meeting house for the use of all local Christian congregations.
 Bogert Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It is a 145-foot-long (44 m) Burr Truss bridge constructed in 1841. It has vertical plank siding and a gable roof. It was restored by the Allentown Parks Department.
 One Avighna Park is a cluster redevelopment project and is envisaged to house- Twin 64-storey Luxury Residential Towers One 40-storey Hospitality/Commercial Tower & Seven Rehabilitation Towers in Mumbai Maharashtra. It is spread across seven acres of Islam Mill Compound Lower Parel (E).
 The Park Street Row also known as Park Street Block is a set of historic rowhouses in the West End neighborhood of Portland Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Philetus S. Church House is a private house located on North Shore Road 1 mile (1.6 km) southeast of Payment Settlement on Sugar Island Michigan. The building is the last structure from Church's Landing a mid-19th century trading post and steamboat stop. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd is an historic Carpenter Gothic church located at 1448 Highway 107 South in Cashiers North Carolina. On February 20 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 High Elms Manor is a grade II listed Georgian country house located near Garston in Hertfordshire England. It was built in around 1812 and was originally known as High Elms but from the 1890s to 2010 it was called Garston Manor.In the post WWII years the house was a rehabilitation centre but it later fell derelict. In the 1990s an American named Sheila O'Neill bought and restored it and used it as a Montessori School.
 Built in 1716-17 as a charity school Bluecoat Chambers in School Lane is the oldest surviving building in central Liverpool England. Following the Liverpool Blue Coat School's move to another site in 1906 the building was rented from 1907 onwards by the Sandon Studios Society.
 St Barnabas' Church Morecambe is in Regent Road Morecambe Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn.
 The Sumpter Valley Gold Dredge is a historic gold dredge located in Sumpter in the U.S. state of Oregon. The dredge was built during the gold rush that consumed most of the western states throughout the mid-19th century. Gold was discovered in Sumpter in 1862 but the advent of using a large machine to perform placer mining in Sumpter Valley did not occur until 1912. Three dredges were built between 1912 and 1934.
 Sapieha Palace (Polish: pałac Sapiehów w Warszawie) is one of the palaces in Warsaw New Town district of Warsaw Poland. Started by the powerful Sapieha family who gave the name to the building it currently houses the Environmental Protection School Complex.
 Cloud-Reese House is a historic home located near Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. The original was built about 1770 and forms the rear wing. The main section dates to about 1820 and is a three-bay two-story stuccoed stone dwelling. In 1929 the house was renovated in the Colonial Revival style. This included the addition of a wing was added with a kitchen pantry laundry three-car garage and servants' quarters.
 171 17th Street is a skyscraper located in the Midtown district of Atlanta Georgia United States within the Atlantic Station mixed-use development. It has 22 stories of office space and was completed in 2004 when it was called the Southtrust Tower. 171 17th Street was the first skyscraper in Atlanta west of the Downtown Connector and north of 14th Street.
 The Pleasant Historic District Chopawamsic RDA Camp 4 near Triangle Virginia dates from 1934. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It includes NPS rustic architecture and is within what is now Prince William Forest Park. The listing included 36 contributing buildings and three contributing structures on 132 acres (53 ha).
 The Marlborough Tavern in Marlborough Connecticut was built in 1760. It has also been known as the Col. Elisha Buell House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978; the listing included two contributing buildings.It is a central-chimney style Colonial house.
 Church San Carlos Borromeo of Aguadilla in Aguadilla Puerto Rico was built in 1783. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Foosaner Art Museum formerly the Brevard Art Museum is located at 1463 Highland Avenue Melbourne Florida. It houses works by international national and local artists and rotates exhibits on a regular basis.
 Before the 2008 property crash hit Dubai the Dubai Opera House was scheduled to be the cultural centre of the proposed Lagoons district of Dubai United Arab Emirates with preparatory work underway in anticipation of groundbreaking. This development will accommodate an opera house with a 2500 seating capacity an 800-seat playhouse a 5000-square-metre (54000 sq ft) arts gallery a performing arts school and a '6-star' themed hotel on a purpose-built island in Dubai Creek.
 The Elias Hinshaw House is located at 16 West Main Street (US 40) in Knightstown Indiana. The house is built in Italian Villa style and was constructed in 1883. The main feature of the house is a four story central tower. The house is of two story brick construction on a raised basement.The Elias Hinshaw House is located in the Knightstown Historic District.
 Eliot Hall is a historic building at 7A Eliot Street in Jamaica Plain Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston. It is sometimes referred to as The Footlight Club after America's oldest community theatre which owns and operates out of the building.Originally built in 1832 in Greek Revival/Italianate style the hall was slated for demolition by the time the club’s members purchased it in 1889. Since then it has served for over a century as the organization’s home and performance venue.
 Westlake Center is a four-story shopping center and twenty-five story office tower in Downtown Seattle Washington USA. The southern terminus of the Seattle Center Monorail it is located across Pine Street from Westlake Park between 4th and 5th Avenues. It is named for Westlake Avenue which now terminates north of the mall but once ran two blocks farther south to Pike Street.
 The Edgar Allan Poe National Historic Site is a preserved home once rented by American author Edgar Allan Poe located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. Though Poe lived in many houses over several years in Philadelphia (1837 to 1844) it is the only one which still survives.
 The Parish Church of St Hilary is a Grade II* listed Anglican church in the village of St Hilary Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales. It forms one of 11 churches in the Parish of Cowbridge. It became a listed building on 22 February 1963.
 Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec (CHUQ) is a network of three teaching hospitals affiliated with the medical school of Université Laval and several specialized institutions in Quebec City.It was created by the merger in December 1995 of three large teaching hospitals:Hôtel-Dieu de QuébecHôpital Saint-François d’AssiseCentre hospitalier de l'Université Laval (CHUL)It also includes:Maison Paul-TriquetCentre de l’ouïe et de la parole (Hearing and Speech Centre)Centre de traitement dans la communauté (Community Treatment Centre)Centre de pédopsychiatrie (Child and Youth Psychiatry Centre)Foyer des vétérans (Veterans' Home)At the Centre hospitalier de l'Université Laval site it offers extensive and specialized pediatric services.CHUQ is the largest institutional employer in Quebec City: its staff includes 672 specialist doctors 237 family doctors 2659 nursess 96 pharmacists 19 dentists and 1492 other health care professionals and technicians.
 St Peter and St Paul's Church Aldeburgh is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Aldeburgh.
 The Savings Bank Building is a commercial building located at 101 South Front Street in Marquette Michigan. It is also known as the Marquette County Savings Bank. The building was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The First Unitarian Church of Oakland in Oakland California is a member of the Unitarian Universalist Association. The church building was designed in 1889 by Walter J. Mathews. This solid masonry Romanesque church departed radically from California's traditional Gothic wood frame construction.
 The Chappell House in Cedar Creek South Carolina was built in 1830. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The listing includes five contributing buildings.
 The House at 202 Blanca Avenue is a historic home in Tampa Florida. It is located at 202 Blanca Avenue. On August 3 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Peleg Champlin House is an historic house at Rodman Pond Lane in New Shoreham on Block Island in Rhode Island.The Federal style wooden house was built in 1820. The residence was added to the National Historic Register in 1982 after a campaign led by Ronald Reagan.
 The Protection High School located at 210 S. Jefferson in Protection Kansas was built in 1930. It was designed by architects Routledge & Hertz in Late Gothic Revival style. An extension to add a grade school in 1950 was designed by Hibbs & Robinson. It has also been known as South Central Middle School and Elementary.
 Banasura Hill Resort is a nature resort in Wayanad District in North Kerala located 37 km away from Kalpetta the district headquarters. It stands at an altitude of 3200 feet above sea level on a sprawling 35 acre plot amidst the rugged mountains of the Western Ghats which recently was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 DC USA is an 890000-square-foot (83000 m2) retail development in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington D.C. A Washington City Paper poll named DC USA the Best Designed Retail Space of 2009.The development is adjacent to the Columbia Heights station on the Yellow and Green Lines of the Washington Metro. It is also served by 10 bus routes and has a 1000-space parking garage.
 Fort Hall was established by Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth an inventor and businessman from Boston Massachusetts as a trading post on the Snake River in the eastern Oregon Country part of southeastern Idaho in the present-day United States. He also established a post at Fort William in present-day Portland Oregon as part of a plan for a new trading and fisheries company.
 The Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center (FAC) is an arts center located just north of downtown Colorado Springs Colorado. Located on the same city block are the American Numismatic Association and part of the campus of Colorado College.The center uses a thick red outline of a square as its logo.
 Brig. Gen. John Echols House is a historic home located at Union Monroe County West Virginia. It was built between 1845 and 1848 and is a two-story brick dwelling in the Greek Revival style. The house measures 44 feet 6 inches wide and 52 feet long. It features a hipped roof and prominent exterior side chimneys. Also on the property is a frame two-story house that appears to have been used for servant's quarters. The house was owned for 20 years by Brig Gen.
 The Butterfield Cobblestone House is on Bennett Corners Road in the Town of Clarendon New York United States south of the village of Holley. It is a cobblestone structure from the mid-19th century built in the Greek Revival architectural style by a wealthy local farmer to house his large family. Three generations of his descendants would run the farm over the next 80 years.
 Nordal Church (Norwegian: Nordal kyrkje) is a parish church in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the small village of Norddalsfjord and it serves the northeastern part of the municipality. The church is part of the Nordal parish in the Sunnfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built in 1898 by the architect Jacob Wilhelm Nordan. The church was consecrated on 14 September 1898 by the Dean Andreas D. Jespersen.
 The Magevney House is a historic residence on 198 Adams Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA. It is located in the Victorian Village of Memphis. It is one of the oldest residences remaining in Memphis.
 The Smith Alumnae Gymnasium is a historic gym building on the Smith College campus in Northampton Massachusetts. It faces the college's Burton Lawn along with other buildings of the campus that were also designed by Peabody & Stearns. It replaced an earlier wooden structure also designed by Peabody & Sterns that was built in 1879 during the college's initial construction efforts.
 Bernstein Castle is a historical building in Bernstein im Burgenland Austria first mentioned in the 13th century.
 HM Prison Chelmsford is a Category B men's prison and Young Offenders Institution located in Chelmsford Essex England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The George Hotel formerly The George Inn is a public house and hotel in Chepstow Monmouthshire Wales. It is located next to the Chepstow Town Gate at the foot of Moor Street and was once an important coaching inn. Although there has been an inn on the site since 1620 the current building dates from 1899.
 Kassegaran school (Persian: مدرسه کاسه گران‎) is a historical school in Isfahan Iran. It belongs to the era of the Safavid King Suleiman. According to the thuluth inscription above its portal it was built in 1694 by the order and under supervision of Amir Mohammad Mehdi Hakimolmolk Ardestani.
 The Ansonia Apartments located at 2221-23 Jones Street in the Midtown area of Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1929 in a period Revival/Arts and Crafts style the buildings were designated an Omaha Landmark on March 27 1984. It was added to the Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 10 1980.The Ansonia Apartment building was built in a U-shape that with end walls facing the street.
 Thornden Park is a 76 acres (31 ha) park in Syracuse New York which is the second largest in the city after Burnet Park. It was purchased by the city in 1921 and has become a favorite wedding location in the Syracuse park system. It is located in Westcott and borders the University Neighborhood and University Hill neighborhoods. The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994 as part of the Historic Designated Landscapes of Syracuse New York.
 The Islamic Cultural Center of New York is a mosque and Islamic cultural center in the borough of Manhattan in New York City United States. It is located at 1711 Third Avenue between East 96th and 97th Streets. The Islamic Cultural Center was the first mosque built in New York City. The mosque's older dwelling in a townhouse at 1 Riverside Drive is still in continual prayer use as a satellite location.
 Grace Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 301 Broad Street in Windsor Connecticut.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Vestbygd Church (Norwegian: Vestbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Vågehamn. The church is part of the Lødingen parish in the Ofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1885. It was designed by the architect Johannes Henrik Nissen.
 Lovin and Withers Cottages are a complex of five Bungalow/Craftsman style cottages located in Kingman Arizona. The cottages are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Wadsley Parish Church is situated within the city of Sheffield South Yorkshire England. It is located on Worrall Road 3 miles (5 km) north west of the city centre in the suburb of Wadsley which was formerly a village outside the city boundary. The church is quite unusual in that it is not dedicated to a saint. It is a grade II listed building.
 The Victoria Towers (Chinese: 港景峰) is a high-rise development located in the Tsim Sha Tsui area of Hong Kong. The complex consists of three towers each rising 62 floors and 213 metres (699 ft) in height.The complex is located at No.188 Canton Road at the intersection with Austin Road. The towers currently stand as the second tallest buildings in Tsim Sha Tsui behind the 64-storey Hyatt Regency Hong Kong and as the 35th-tallest buildings in all of Hong Kong.
 Bridge in Franklin Township is a historic arch bridge located at Franklin Township in Greene County Pennsylvania. It is a 132-foot-long (40 m) open spandrel concrete arch bridge constructed in 1919-1920. It crosses Ten Mile Creek.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Bannister Hall and Baynard House is a national historic district located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It includes structures dating from 1750. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Encinal Tower was a skyscraper proposed for construction in Downtown Oakland California. The mixed-use tower was planned to rise 715 feet (218 m) and contain 56 floors for office and residential use. The project design consisted of a glass and X-bracing-covered cylindrical building with one side that resembles a roll of fabric unraveling.
 St Paul's Church Skelmersdale is located in Church Road Skelmersdale Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ormskirk the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Federal Detention Center Miami (FDC Miami) is a prison operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. It is located in downtown Miami at the corner of Northeast Fourth Street and North Miami Avenue. The administrative facility employed 311 staff as of 2002 and housed 1512 male and female inmates as of July 15 2010.
 Red Banks Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Bell Fork North Carolina.The original church building was set on fire on December 30 1863 by Union forces under the command of Col. Joseph M. McChesney.It was rebuilt in 1893 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.The Red Banks Primitive Baptist Church was deeded to the Pitt County Historical Society in May of 2000.
 Eurosky Tower is a skyscraper in Rome the tallest building in the city and one of the highest residential towers in Italy.Designed by architect Franco Purini and located in Torrino residential area adjacent to the EUR is inspired by the medieval towers that dot the center of the city singular architectural presence among which the mighty Torre delle Milizie.
 The Highland is a historic multiunit residence at 66 Highland Street in Somerville Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1892 to a design by architect Samuel D. Kelley. It is one of the city's more elegant late 19th-century apartment houses. It is Richardsonian Romanesque in style with brownstone trim and a conical roof on its corner turret.The building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Haupt's Mill Covered Bridge was a historic covered bridge located in Springfield Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. It crossed Durham Creek. Built in 1872 in the town truss style the bridge was 107 feet long and 15 feet wide.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 1 1980. It was destroyed by arson in January 1985 and subsequently removed from the National Register of Historic Places.
 Yulee Area (also known as the Yulee-Mallory-Reid Dormitory Complex) is a historic residence hall area at 13th Street and Inner Road SW on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida in the United States. It is the site of the first permanent dormitories built for women after the campus became co-educational in 1947. On June 24 2008 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Alexander B. and Anna Balch Hamilton House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 McIntosh County Courthouse in Ashley North Dakota was built in 1919 to serve the surrounding county. It is one of thirteen Beaux Arts Neo-Classical courthouses in North Dakota designed by the architectural firm of Buechner & Orth.The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Vernon Court is a Gilded Age mansion designed by architects Carrère and Hastings located at 492 Bellevue Avenue Newport Rhode Island on the Atlantic coast of the United States. Its design is an adaptation of an 18th-century French château Château d'Haroué.
 Fayetteville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located on the southern side of the city of Fayetteville in Washington County Arkansas. It encompasses nearly 15 acres and as of November 2013 had 8673 interments.
 Whitefield's Tabernacle Moorfields (also known as Moorfields Tabernacle) is a former church at the corner of Tabernacle Street and Leonard Street Moorfields London England. The first church on the site was a wooden building erected by followers of the evangelical preacher George Whitefield in 1741. This was replaced by a brick building in 1753.
 The McClure-Shelby House near Nicholasville Kentucky was built in 1840. It includes Greek Revival architecture and Federal architecture. The 33-acre (13 ha) property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It then included three contributing buildings.
 InterContinental London Park Lane is a luxury 5-star hotel in London England.
 Fort Ruby also known as Camp Ruby was built in 1862 during the American Civil War in the wilderness of eastern Nevada. It protected the overland mail coaches and Pony Express which linked California to the Union. It was operated 1862 to 1869.It was located at the east entrance to the Overland Pass from Ruby Valley near Hobson on the west side of Ruby Lake.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1961.Two of the four landmarked buildings were burned in a fire in 1992.
 Located in Baltimore Maryland Contemporary Museum was a museum specializing in contemporary art founded in 1989 by George Ciscle. During its first decade the Contemporary had no fixed home but instead was dedicated to redefining the concept of the museum.
 Pawtucket Armory is an historic site at 172 Exchange Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island. It is currently home to the Pawtucket Armory Arts Center.The armory was built in 1894 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.From 2005 to 2010 the armory housed the Jacqueline M. Walsh School for the Performing and Visual Arts.
 Pocahontas Times Print Shop is a historic building located at Marlinton Pocahontas County West Virginia. It was built in 1900 and is a one-story rectangular frame building measuring approximately 21 feet by 75 feet. It was built to house The Pocahontas Times newspaper operations. It houses a paper folder and press installed around 1911. The Pocahontas Times has been published since 1882.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Emerson-Franklin Poole House is a historic house at 23 Salem Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. In addition to being a well preserved Federal style house (built sometime before 1795 by Elias Emerson) it was the birthplace and home of locally prominent painter Franklin Poole and has a number of murals by Rufus Porter painted on its walls.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The York United Methodist Church is a United Methodist congregation in Medina County Ohio United States. Formed during the middle of the 19th century it worships in a prominent church building that has been named a historic site.In the early 1840s (perhaps in 1841 but the date is uncertain) a Methodist Protestant minister formed a small religious society that worshipped in an old log schoolhouse near York Center.
 College Street Presbyterian Church (Louisville Bible Church) is a historic church at 113 W. College Street in Louisville Kentucky.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 The Siemer House was located on Lot 1 Block 17 of the original town of Davenport Iowa United States which today is the west side of downtown. It was also a part of the West Third Street Historic District. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The building deteriorated and it was torn down in 2007.
 Regal Tower is a proposed skyscraper to be constructed on a site bounded by Broad Street Oozells Way and Sheepcote Street in Birmingham England. The proposal consists of a 47 (est.) storey tower measuring 170 metres (558 ft) tall housing retail units a 200-bedroom hotel residential apartments and car parking. Provision has been made for 256 serviced apartments although these could make way for additional hotel space.
 Renkōji Temple (蓮光寺 Renkōji) is a Buddhist temple in Tokyo Japan. It is assumed to be the purported location of the ashes of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Indian freedom-fighter which have been preserved since September 18 1945. The small well-preserved temple was established in 1594 inspired by the God of Wealth and Happiness. It belongs to the Nichiren sect of Buddhism that believes that human salvation lies only in the Lotus Sutra.
 The Toronto Central Prison also known as the Central Prison Central Prison for Men and more colloquially as The Toronto Jail (the third of four Toronto area jails to be given that nickname) was a 336-bed facility located near the intersection of King Street and Strachan Avenue in Toronto Ontario Canada. It opened in 1873 when the area was still well away from any residential development.
 The Church of St Peter and St Paul Uppingham is a parish church in the Church of England Diocese of Peterborough in Uppingham Rutland.
 The Frank Howard Building is a commercial building in Pittsfield Massachusetts. The 1916 Colonial Revival building occupies the eastern portion of a city block facing Fenn Federal and 1st Streets to the northeast of Park Square. It was built for Frank Howard owner of a successful hardware and agricultural implements business after Howard lost the lease on his existing storefront on North Street.
 The Berkeley City Club formerly known as the Berkeley Women's City Club was organized by women in Berkeley California in 1927 to contribute to social civic and cultural progress. It is no longer restricted to women and is available to the public at large for weddings and other occasions.The building constructed in 1929 is one of the outstanding works of noted California architect Julia Morgan whose interpretation of Moorish and Gothic elements created a landmark of California design.
 The United Shoe Machinery Corporation Clubhouse is a historic clubhouse at 134 McKay Street in Beverly Massachusetts. The building is now known as Beverly Golf and Tennis Clubhouse. The English Revival building was designed by Boston architect Henry Bailey Alden and built in 1910 as a gift from the senior management of the United Shoe Machinery Corporation to its local employees.
 St Peter's Church Hindley is located in Atherton Road Hindley Wigan Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. St Peter's is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Hacienda Buena Union in the municipality of San Germán Puerto Rico was built in 1870. It is also known as Trapiche del Guama or Hacienda Acosta. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Royseux Castle (French: Château de Royseux) is a castle in the village of Vierset-Barse in the municipality of Modave province of Liège Belgium.
 Dealey Plaza /ˈdiːliː/ in the historic West End district of downtown Dallas Texas (U.S.) is the location of the assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22 1963. The Dealey Plaza Historic District was named a National Historic Landmark in 1993 to preserve Dealey Plaza street rights-of-way and buildings and structures by the plaza visible from the assassination site that have been identified as witness locations or as possible assassin locations.
 The Telocvicna Jednota Sokol hall also known as Brush Creek Hall  is a building located southwest of Wilber in rural Saline County Nebraska. The building was constructed in 1888. Historically it served as a host for Sokol gymnastic events and as a meeting hall for the Czech community. It subsequently hosted meetings of other organizations such as 4-H and served as an election hall for its precinct. In 1985 it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
 Elizabeth Harden Gilmore House also known as Minotti-Gilmore House or Harden and Harden Funeral Home is a historic home and national historic district located at Charleston West Virginia. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Classical Revival brick detached residential dwelling built by 1900 on an approximately one-half acre lot in a business area of town. It features a columned portico and has undergone some alteration and deterioration.
 16 Collyer Quay formerly Hitachi Tower is a 37-storey 166 m (545 ft) skyscraper in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 16 Collyer Quay in the zone of Raffles Place near Chevron House Change Alley Tung Centre and The Arcade all of which are roughly 100 metres away. Facing Clifford Pier the building commands a panoramic view of Marina Bay.
 Mayer Hirsch House is located in Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 26 1979.
 For eponymous churches see Hagia Sophia (disambiguation).The Church of St. Sophia (Macedonian: Црква Света Софија Crkva Sveta Sofija) is located in the city of Ohrid Republic of Macedonia. The church is one of the most important monuments of Macedonia housing architecture and art from the Middle Ages.
 Toombs Tobacco Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Red Oak Charlotte County Virginia USA. Contributing resources include the main residence summer kitchen family cemetery tobacco barns smoke house animal pens and other ancillary structures. The main house is a 1-1/2 story wood frame dwelling with a standing seam metal roof in a vernacular Federal style. A two-story rear addition was built about 1910.
 Chester Franciscan Friary is a friary in Chester England established in the 1230s and dissolved in 1538.
 The David Lyman II House also known as the Lyman Homestead in Middlefield Connecticut was designed in 1863 by New Haven architect Rufus G. Russell. It has been regarded as one of the finest examples of the Gothic Revival style in the greater Middletown area.David Lyman II operated a 500 acre farm. The remaining 2-acre (0.81 ha) property which included four contributing buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.Lyman commissioned Rufus G.
 The Masjid-e-Aqsa (Punjabi in Rabwah (Pakistan) is the biggest place of worship of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Pakistan. Its foundation stone was laid down in 1966 and the building's inauguration took place on March 31 1972. This is the main mosque of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Rabwah which can accommodate more than 18000 worshippers.
 Twinsburg Congregational Church is a historic church building on Twinsburg Public Square in Twinsburg Ohio.The Greek Revival building was constructed in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Bedford Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Nxuba Local Municipality area of Bedford Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Kirkdale is in Fountains Road Kirkdale Liverpool Merseyside England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in Pastoral Area of Liverpool North in the Archdiocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Rosebush House in Spokane Washington was designed by architect Harold C. Whitehouse and was built in 1923. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2000. According to its NRHP nomination is a landmark example of the French Eclectic architectural style and is one of the most unique properties in the Spokane area.
 Baku Musical College – is a state college of professional secondary education in Baku and one of the leading secondary musical schools of Azerbaijan.
 Kempinski Hotel Ajman is a five-star luxury hotel in Ajman United Arab Emirates and is located on the coast of the Persian Gulf with 500-metres of private beach. The hotel has 181 sea-view room and 9 different restaurants bars and outlets.The hotel was built in 1998. The rooms and the lobby went under an extensive renovation from 2007 until 2008.
 The Attoway R. Davis Home also known as the Attoway Davis Cottage is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama USA. The main block is a two-story I-house built in 1817. It is the oldest surviving house in Eutaw. Directly in front of this main block is a two-room cottage built in 1840. The rear of the cottage was later connected directly to the front of the main block. A physician built a one-room office on the grounds in 1850; it was later attached to the side of the two-room cottage.
 The Peter Burr House was built between 1751 and 1755 near present-day Shenandoah Junction West Virginia making it one of the oldest houses in West Virginia. Burr whose first cousin was Aaron Burr was one of the first settlers in the area. It is the oldest surviving post-and-beam-construction house in West Virginia. The property remains in the hands of Burr's descendants.
 Piedmont Newnan Hospital (PNH) is a 136-bed acute-care hospital located at its new location of 745 Poplar Rd in Newnan Georgia offering 24-hour emergency services women’s services and general medical/surgical services. Diagnostic services include CT nuclear medicine MRI PET ultrasound and fluoroscopy.
 The Halltown Colored Free School in Halltown West Virginia was built in 1870 to educate children from the African-American community in Halltown. The school was racially segregated from local schools for whites in accordance with the laws of the time. It functioned in that capacity until 1929 when it was converted to a residence.The school is next to the Halltown Union Colored Sunday School and is owned by the same community organization.
 The David Smaill House at 313 W. Ann St. in Carson City Nevada was built in c.1876. Also known as the Smaill House it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was deemed significant for its associations with the early residential development of Carson City Nevada according to its NRHP nomination which went on to note: The dwelling is representative of the small vernacular dwellings associated with Carson City's working class in the late 19th century.
 Huntingdon also known as The Meadow is a historic plantation home located near Boyce Clarke County Virginia. The original section was built about 1830 and is a two-story five bay stone I-house dwelling with a gable roof. A rear ell was added around 1850 making a T-shaped house.
 Falkirk Old & St. Modan's Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in Falkirk central Scotland. The medieval Old Parish Church is located in the centre of Falkirk and may have been founded as early as the 7th century. The church was largely rebuilt in the 19th century though the 18th-century steeple was retained. The church building is protected as a category A listed building.
 HM Prison Whitemoor is a Category A men's prison located near the town of March in Cambridgeshire England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 St. Adalbert Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Enfield Connecticut United States. Founded in 1915. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 Calvary Baptist Church is a diverse and historic Baptist church in the Penn Quarter neighborhood in Washington D.C. affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship the Baptist Peace Fellowship of North America the Alliance of Baptists the District of Columbia Baptist Convention and the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists. It severed ties with the Southern Baptist Convention in July 2012. Since 2003 Calvary's Senior Pastor has been Rev. Dr.
 Beaufort Historic District is a historic district in Beaufort South Carolina. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 and further was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.The historic district is renowned for its impressive collection of antebellum architecture that reflect the Federal neoclassical and Greek revival styles that were popular during the interwar period along with the widespread use of tabby.
 Skipness Castle stands on the east side of the Kintyre Peninsula in Scotland near the village of Skipness.
 Caprice is a contemporary French haute cuisine restaurant in the Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong. It was helmed by Vincent Thierry the opening and previous chef de cuisine who had been the sous chef of Le Cinq at Hotel George V Paris of Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts. Fabrice Vulin is the current chef de cuisine.
 The Barr Hotel is a historic hotel on the eastern side of downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1914 the Neoclassical hotel occupies the northeastern corner of the intersection of High and Union Streets.
 Simons General Store is a historic general store located at Ancram in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1873-1874 and is a rectangular shaped three story frame structure. It features a cupola and an elaborate two story piazza. The interior features original furniture and fixtures dating between 1874 and 1895 with electric fixtures dating between 1911 and 1915.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Bathhouse Row is a collection of bathhouses associated buildings and gardens located at Hot Springs National Park in the city of Hot Springs Arkansas.
 The Military Communications and Electronics Museum (Musée de l'électronique et des communications militaires) is a military signals museum on Ontario Highway 2 at CFB Kingston in Kingston Ontario Canada.
 Crooked Intention is a historic home in St. Michaels Talbot County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story brick dwelling three bays wide with wings built about 1753. A 1 1⁄2-story Flemish bond wing was added in 1956. Also on the property is the original brick smokehouse and a beaded clapboard dairy.Crooked Intention was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Gen. Sylvanus Thayer House is an historic house at 786 Washington Street in Braintree Massachusetts. It is operated by the Braintree Historical Society as the Thayer House Museum which is open year-round.The original house was built in 1720 by Nathaniel Thayer and was subsequently expanded in the 1760s and again in the 19th century. General Sylvanus Thayer known as the Father of West Point was born in the house in 1785 and resided there until 1793.
 Union Station in Goldsboro North Carolina was built in 1909 at West Walnut and North Carolina Streets to serve the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad the Southern Railway and the Atlantic and North Carolina Railway. The architectural design is credited to J.F.
 St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church is a historic church at 1409 Pacific Avenue in Atlantic City Atlantic County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1905 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.St. Nicholas of Tolentine's 1916 Moller pipe organ (Opus 2138) was rebuilt by Peragallo in 2006 and will be restored over the course of the next several years. The organ at St.
 Morristown and Erie Railroad Whippany Water Tank is located in Hanover Township Morris County New Jersey United States. The water tank was built in 1904 by the Morristown and Erie Railroad and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 6 2006.
 No 18 Fore Street Taunton Somerset England has a colourwashed Victorian front to an earlier building. It has been designated as a Grade II* listed building for the interiors.There is a 16th- or 17th-century arch leading to Bath Place. The interior has enriched plaster ceilings and friezes one of which is dated 1627.
 The Milagres Church (Portuguese: Igreja Nossa Senhora do Milagres English: Church of Our Lady of Miracles) is a historic Roman Catholic Church situated in the Hampankatta locality of Mangalore. The church was built in 1680 by Bishop Thomas de Castro a Theatine from Divar Goa. The original structure was constructed at the site of the present-day cemetery. It is one of the oldest churches in Dakshina Kannada.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church at 6th Ave. and 19th Street North in Birmingham Alabama. It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Rosie Hospital is Cambridge's first purpose-built maternity hospital and was opened on Addenbrooke's Hospital's Hills Road site in October 1983 as the successor to Mill Road Maternity Hospital. Established with a significant benefaction from local philanthropist David Robinson it was named after his mother.It is located adjacent to Addenbrooke's and contains 120 maternity and women's beds.
 Dutch Reformed Church in the English Neighborhood (English Neighborhood Reformed Church of Ridgefield) is a historic church at 1040 Edgewater Avenue in Ridgefield Bergen County New Jersey United States. The church was built in 1793 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1998.
 The Tipu Sultan Shahi Mosque (also known as Tipu Sultan Masjid) is a famous mosque in Kolkata India. Located at 185 Dhartamtalla Street the mosque is a relic of architectural and cultural heritage. People from all sections of society and religions are allowed to visit and take pictures of this historical premise.
 The Clock Tower is a landmark in Hong Kong. It is located on the southern shore of Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon. It is the only remnant of the original site of the former Kowloon Station on the Kowloon-Canton Railway. Officially named Former Kowloon-Canton Railway Clock Tower (Chinese: 前九廣鐵路鐘樓) it is usually referred to as the Tsim Sha Tsui Clock Tower (Chinese: 尖沙咀鐘樓) for its location.Built out of red bricks and granite the Clock Tower peaks at 44 metres and is topped by a 7-metre lightning rod.
 The Fremont County Courthouse located in Sidney Iowa United States was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Summit which opened in October 1997 is a 1 million square foot (93000 m²) upscale lifestyle center located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 280 and Interstate 459 in Birmingham Alabama United States.
 Taschenbergpalais is a grand hotel in Taschenberg Dresden Germany. It is located near Dresden Castle and Zwinger.
 The Thornton W. Burgess House is a historic house at 789 Main Street in Hampden Massachusetts. The simple Cape style house is one of the oldest in Hampden (built between 1780 and 1784) and is noted as the longtime home of children's author Thornton Burgess. The property is now owned by the Massachusetts Audubon Society which uses it for staff housing. It is adjacent to the Society's Laughing Brook Wildlife Sanctuary.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 St. Mark's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church at 326 Main Street in Middleburgh Schoharie County New York. It is a rectangular gable roofed brick structure built in 1856 in the Italianate style. It features an engaged center brick entrance / bell tower with open belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 North Rochester Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church at 289 North Avenue in Rochester Massachusetts.The church was founded in 1790. The current church building a Greek Revival structure designed by Solomon K. Eaton was built in 1841. Still home to an active congregation the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Ulster House Hotel formerly the Wellington Hotel is located on Main Street in Pine Hill New York United States. It is a large wooden Italianate-style building dating to the late 19th century currently vacant and undergoing renovations.It is one of the few remaining hotel buildings from the peak era of Catskill resorts. In 2002 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The John and Lavina Bangs House is an historic structure located near New London Iowa United States. John Bangs was a successful farmer and this is the second house he built on his property. A large Italianate style house on a farm while not unheard of was somewhat of a rarity. It is possible that the high-style that was chosen and its location on a major roadway may indicate the owners desire communicate his own or the areas passage from its pioneer origins to a more cultured reality.
 The Château de Dinan consists of a keep in the town of Dinan in the Côtes-d'Armor département of the Brittany region of France.The keep and the gate are part of the 2600 metres (8500 ft) of medieval ramparts which still surround the old town.It is called Donjon de la duchesse Anne (Keep of the Duchess Anne) and stands 111 feet (34m) high near the Saint Louis gate. John V Duke of Brittany built the keep in 1382-1383.
 30 Hudson Yards is an office building currently approved for construction in Manhattan's West Side. Located near Hell's Kitchen Chelsea and the Penn Station area the building is a part of the Hudson Yards project a plan to redevelop the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's West Side Yards.
 St. Willebrord Catholic Church is located in downtown Green Bay Wisconsin. It was built by Dutch immigrants beginning in 1889. The church was dedicated to St. Willibrord. The church is spelled Willebrord (with an e in the middle) because stonemasons made a mistake when carving the name. St. Willebrord Catholic Church was a regular place of worship for Vince Lombardi and is one of the stops on the Packers Heritage Trail.
 The Sacred Heart Hospital is a state-run nursing home in Ireland located just outside of Roscommon town.The structure was built in the 1840s as a workhouse for the poor of the region. It was later converted for use as a tuberculosis hospital and as a mental home and eventually used for rehabilitative services and care of the elderly. In 2011 it catered to one hundred patients though this figure is reportedly due to be reduced by 10% in 2012.
 Church of Pentecost (Croatian: Hram silaska Duha svetogaSerbian Cyrillic: Храм силаска Духа светога) in Markušica is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church is one of two in the Eparchy of Osječko polje and Baranja that is dedicated to Pentecost.
 Waverly Historic District is a national historic district roughly centered on Academy St. and Abington Rd. inc. Carbondale Rd. Beech Cole Church and Dearborn St. in Waverly Township Pennsylvania. Historic functions of the district include domestic buildings at least one religious structure commerce and trade education and recreation and culture. The district was built around 1928 and is significant for its architecture.
 Nkozi Hospital is a hospital in Nkozi Mpigi District Central Uganda. It is a private community hospital serving the town of Nkozi and surrounding areas of southern Mawokota County in Mpigi District. The hospital also serves as the nearest and hospital of first choice for the staff and students of Uganda Martyrs University located in the same town.
 The Metropolitan Community Church of Toronto is a congregation of the worldwide Metropolitan Community Church movement located in Toronto Ontario Canada and is an welcoming congregation openly affirming lesbian gay bisexual heterosexual and transgender people. MCC Toronto was instrumental in changing the law on same sex marriage in Ontario.[citation needed]MCC Toronto is now the largest Metropolitan Community Church congregation in terms of membership.[citation needed]
 The Prince Albert Historical Museum is operated by the Prince Albert Historical Society in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada. It exhibits the history of the area in a building that was originally the first mission school built in 1867. The museum opened on October 1 1932 and on display is an old fire truck a firemen's pole Queen Victoria's stockings and a Native Dugout Canoe (believed to be a thousand years old).
 Warelands is a historic building in Norfolk Massachusetts.The building was built in 1690 and added to the National Historic Register in 1977.
 Ruine Pernegg is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Greenlawn also known as the Outten Davis House and William Brady House is a historic home located at Middletown New Castle County Delaware. It was built about 1810 and radically altered about 1860. It is a two-story five bay brick dwelling with cross-gable roof with dormers. It has a rear brick ell with attached wing. It features a three-bay front porch large brackets a widow's walk on the roof and ornate chimney caps.
 Waterloo Village is a restored 19th century canal town in Byram Township Sussex County (west of Stanhope) in northwestern New Jersey and was approximately the half-way point in the roughly 102-mile (165 km) trip along the Morris Canal which ran from Jersey City (across the Hudson River from Manhattan New York) to Phillipsburg New Jersey US (across the Delaware River from Easton Pennsylvania).
 The Charles H. Burgess House is a historic house at 17 Whitney Road in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist is loc ated in Chinsura India. The church was built in 1695-1697 and is dedicated to St. John the Baptist.
 The Château de Cléron is a 14th-century castle in the commune of Cléron 25 km south of Besançon in the Doubs département of France. The private gardens are open to visitors during the summer.
 The Casa Wiechers-Villaronga is a Neo-classical style mansion in Ponce Puerto Rico designed and built in the early twentieth century. The house was acquired and restored by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture and now operates as the Museo de la Arquitectura Ponceña (Museum of Ponce Architecture). The house sits in the Ponce Historic Zone.
 Kenmure also known as the William Lamb House is a historic home located at Norfolk Virginia. It was built in 1845 and is a three-story three-bay Greek Revival style brick town house. It was expanded to its three-story height in 1855. It features a central one-bay dwarf portico and a low hipped roof topped by a three-bay cupola.
 Smith Building is a historic commercial building located at Parkersburg Wood County West Virginia. It was built in 1898 and is a three-story 18 bay brick building. It features corbeled hanging buttresses at the corners and curved brickwork. It once housed a bowling alley but storefronts now occupy the first floor.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Wattles Estate which was originally known as Jualita is located at 1824 North Curson Avenue in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles California. It was built in 1907 by wealthy Omaha Nebraska banker Gurdon Wattles as a winter home.
 South Street Diner is a 24-hour seven-night-a-week diner in Boston's Leather District. The Diner was built in 1947 by the Worcester Dining Company. It was originally named the Blue Diner. The diner is known for attracting many after-hours customers. It was named Best of Boston by Boston Magazine as well as named for The Best Late Night Food in the U.S.A.
 The Warsaw Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Warsaw Indiana that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Its boundaries were increased in 1993.
 St Mary's Church Shrewsbury is a redundant Anglican church in St Mary's Place Shrewsbury Shropshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is the largest church in Shrewsbury. Clifton-Taylor includes the church in his list of 'best' English parish churches.
 The Bates-Hendricks Neighborhood is situated just south and east of Indianapolis' downtown commercial district and the redeveloped Fountain Square business district is just to the east.Access to the neighborhood from the north is by way of East Street while Terrace Street off of Madison Avenue enters the neighborhood from the west and Prospect Street offers access from Fountain Square.
 Russia Wharf is a completed high-rise building in downtown Boston Massachusetts. The buildingrises 395 feet (120 m) and contains 32 floors. Construction began in 2006 and was finished in early 2011; as such the structure is one of the most recently completed high-rises in the city. Russia Wharf now stands as the 31st-tallest building in the city. The architectural firm that designed the building is Childs Bertman Tseckares Inc. of Boston Massachusetts.
 The old Bourne High School is a historic school building at 85 Old Cotuit Road in Bourne Massachusetts. The two story Classical Revival brick building was constructed in 1905 and consists of two rectangular blocks connected by a narrow hyphen section with a gabled facade. The building was significantly damaged by fire in 1934 but was repaired and additional facilities including an auditorium were added.
 The George M. Cannon House built in 1890 is an historic Late Victorian mansion located at 720 East Ashton Avenue (2340 South) in the Forest Dale area of Salt Lake City Utah. It was designed by noted Salt Lake architect John A. Headlund for George Mousley Cannon (December 25 1861-January 23 1937) a member of the Cannon family a prominent Intermountain West political family. In 1889 George M.
 The 100th Bomb Group Memorial Museum located in the original control tower and other remaining buildings of the RAF Thorpe Abbotts airfield east of Diss in Norfolk is dedicated to the American soldiers and members of the US 8th Air Force who fought with the allies in Norfolk in World War II.
 The Willis-Selden Historic District is a historic district located in Detroit Michigan consisting of three streets: Willis Alexandrine and Selden Running from Woodward Avenue on the east to Third Avenue on the west. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The W. C. Baker House is an airplane bungalow located at 301 E. Commerce in the city of Altus Oklahoma. The house was built in 1917 for the sister of William Clarence Baker; however Baker bought the house shortly afterward. Baker owned a local machine shop and cotton gin and he served on Altus' original city council. The house has a typical airplane bungalow plan with a small second story above a low multi-component first-floor roof a design reminiscent of an airplane's cockpit.
 The First National Bank and Trust Building is a historic building on Public Square in downtown Lima Ohio United States.This rectangular building completed in 1926 was designed by Weary and Alford an architectural firm from Chicago. It was the location of the offices of the First National Bank and Trust Company from 1926 until 1974 when the company became a part of Huntington Bank. The structure's twelve stories are faced with Indiana Limestone.
 The Goldcrest Views 2 is a 39-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 146 m (480 ft). Construction of the Goldcrest Views 2 is complete with the tower topping out in 2009. It was built by Al Meraikhi General Contracting Est..
 The Agriculture Building at the University of Arkansas is a building on the University's campus in Fayetteville Arkansas. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Bald Hill Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at Farmingville in Suffolk County New York. It was built in 1850 and is a small one story vernacular rural schoolhouse with Greek Revival style detailing. It measures approximately 18 feet by 28 feet. It closed for classroom instruction in 1929.
 Madame John's Legacy is a house in the French Quarter of New Orleans Louisiana. The name is taken from a story by George Washington Cable. The house was built in 1788 after a fire destroyed much of the neighborhood.
 St. Timothy Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish in the Los Angeles Archdiocese Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region. The church is located at 10425 West Pico Boulevard in the Rancho Park neighborhood on the westside of Los Angeles California USA. Its Spanish Renaissance style church was built in 1949.
 The Mount Holly Mausoleum was designed by architects Thompson and Harding in 1917 and is located in Little Rock Arkansas. Its architectural significance lies in its austerity of simple Greek Revival design. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 George W. Adams House is a registered historic building near Trinway Ohio listed in the National Register on 1979-11-29. This building was demolished in July 2013.
 Park Bulvar (English: Park Boulevard) is a multi-storey shopping mall located on Baku Boulevard downtown Baku Azerbaijan. The mall is located 5 minutes of walking distance from Sahil Metro station of Baku Subway and Government House of Baku.The building has all architectural attributes of the East and modern art of the West. It consists of six floors including two underground floors. The general area of the mall is 17000 square metres. It also has a parking lot for 550 automobiles.
 The Federal Detention Center Honolulu (FDC Honolulu) is a United States federal prison facility in Hawaii which holds male and female prisoners of all security levels prior to or during court proceedings in Hawaii Federal District Court as well as inmates serving brief sentences. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States Department of Justice.FDC Honolulu is located adjacent to Honolulu International Airport.
 Qal'at Najm (Arabic: قلعة نجم‎) is a castle located on the right bank of the Euphrates near the town of Manbij (Syria). The castle probably stood on the site of an earlier Roman site and is known from Arabic texts since the 7th century CE. Reconstruction works were carried out in the castle by Nur ad-Din Zangi and Az-Zahir Ghazi during the 12th and early 13th centuries. The castle sits on a mound that is protected by a glacis and houses a palace-bath complex and a mosque.
 The Harnden Tavern also known as the Col. Joshua Harnden Tavern is a historic tavern that was built in 1770 at 430 Salem Street in Wilmington Massachusetts.The Col. Joshua Harnden Tavern was built during the last third of the eighteenth century in the town of Wilmington Massachusetts. The site is on Lot No. One in the Land of Nod in the most northerly part of the Charlestown Grant. This imposing structure is an excellent surviving example of late-Georgian architecture.
 Conner House is a historic home located at Manassas Park Virginia. The main section was built about 1810 with a later wing added in 1855. It is a two-story gable-roof stone residence. The Conner House served from July to November 1861 as the headquarters of General Joseph E. Johnston commander of the Confederate Army during the first several months of its existence.
 The Shoreborne Wilson House is a historic colonial house at 4 South Main Street in Ipswich Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built between 1685 and 1692 by Shoreborne Wilson a cooper. It has a basic four-room center chimney plan of which Wilson built the northwest section. The house was acquired by Captain Samuel Appleton in 1702 who likely built the southeast section. In the following years the house went through a variety of uses.
 The George W. Romney Building - (The Romney Building) is the Governor of Michigan's main office and houses other State of Michigan offices. The building is named after George W. Romney the 43rd Governor and father of Mitt Romney. The building has a ten-story atrium beginning on the fourth floor.
 DAMAC Heights formerly named Ocean Heights 2 is an 85-storey 335 m (1099 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Dubai Marina Dubai. It is the second supertall project by DAMAC Properties the first being Ocean Heights which is also located in Dubai Marina. The building will overlook the Palm Jumeirah.
 Christ Church Picture Gallery is an art museum at Christ Church one of the colleges of Oxford University in England. The gallery holds an important collection of about 300 Old Master paintings and nearly 2000 drawings. It is one of the most important private collections in the United Kingdom. The greater part of the collection was bequeathed by a former member of the college General John Guise arriving after his death in 1765. Further gifts and bequests were made by W.T.H.
 Mars Hill Church is a Christian megachurch based in Seattle Washington and with 15 locations in 5 U.S. states. Services are offered at its 15 locations; the church podcasts content of weekend services as well as conferences on the Internet with more than 260000 sermon views online every week. In 2012 approximately 14000 people attended services at Mars Hill Church locations every week. As of November 2013 Mars Hill had 6568 actual members.
 The Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station (CAES) is the Connecticut state government's agricultural experiment station a state government component that engages in scientific research and public outreach in agriculture and related fields. It is the oldest state experiment station in the United States having been founded in 1875.
 The church of St Mary at Mount Naranco (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María del Naranco; Asturian: Ilesia de Santa María'l Narancu) is a Roman Catholic Asturian pre-Romanesque Asturian architecture church on the slope of Mount Naranco situated 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Oviedo northern Spain. Ramiro I of Asturias ordered it to be built as a royal palace as part of a larger complex that also incorporated the nearby church of San Miguel de Lillo 100 meters away. It was completed in 848.
 The Hilton Moscow Leningradskaya Hotel (Russian: Гости́ница Ленингра́дская) is one of Moscow's Seven Sisters skyscrapers built in the early 1950s in the Stalinist neoclassical style. Stalinist neoclassical architecture mixes the Russian neoclassical style with the style of American skyscrapers of the 1930s. A main element of Stalinist neoclassicism is its use of socialist realism art.
 Christ's Commission Fellowship (simply called as CCF) is a non-denominational megachurch founded by Dr. Peter Tan-chi based in the Philippines. It's main worship center is located at the CCF Center in Frontera Verde Pasig City with its membership approaching up to 40000 people in all outreaches.Its mission is To Honor God and To make Christ Committed Followers who will make Christ Committed Followers which is inspired by Matthew 28: 19-20.
 The First Presbyterian Church 1793 alternatively known as the First Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Washington Pennsylvania. It has been the de facto college church for Washington & Jefferson College since the early 19th century. It's under the Washington Presbytery.
 Uwajima Castle (宇和島城 Uwajima-jō) is a hirayama-jiro (Japanese castle on a hill on a plain) in Uwajima Ehime Japan. An alternate name for this castle is Tsurushima-jō. This castle is well known as one of the twelve Japanese castles to still have an original donjon built in the Edo Period.
 Grace Church in Newark (Episcopal) located at 950 Broad Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States was founded on Ascension Day in 1837 at the behest of Bishop George Washington Doane who intended it to be the standard bearer for Anglo-Catholicism in the northern part of his diocese (which then comprised the whole state of New Jersey). The church building designed by Richard Upjohn who was also the architect of Trinity Church New York was consecrated on October 5 1848.
 ME Cancun also known as ME by Melia Cancun is an all-inclusive hotel and resort located in the Hotel Zone (Zona Hotelera) in Cancun Mexico. Formerly Melia Turquesa ME Cancun hotel has 419 rooms a 10700 sq ft (990 m2) spa facility and 5 meeting/banquet halls. ME Cancun is also home to The Beach Club the Rose Bar and several restaurants. ME Cancun is part of the ME by Melia brand name and is owned and operated by Sol Meliá.
 The Grove is a historic home located near Hanover Caroline County Virginia. The original main house was built about 1787 and expanded to its present size about 1800. The main section is a 2 1/2-story three bay frame dwelling with a central hall plan. It has a gable roof and rests on a low brick foundation. Additions were built in the 19th and 20th centuries. Also on the property are a contributing smokehouse water tower (c.
 First National Bank of Morrisville also known as First Trust & Deposit Co. or Key Bank is a historic bank building located at Morrisville in Madison County New York. It was built in 1864 and expanded in the 1890s 1920s and 1950s. It is a single story brick building that features a finely detailed tetrastyle Corinthian order portico.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Couchwood built in 1939 as a summer estate for the late Harvey C. Couch was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It includes sculptures by Dionicio Rodriguez.It may be a private landscaped area. The National Register database describes it as near Shorewood Hills Arkansas but does not disclose its precise location.
 The Hotel Yancey in Grand Island Nebraska also known as The Yancey Motor Inn was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The E. Clarke and Julia Arnold House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Usonian home in Columbus Wisconsin United States.The Arnold house occupies a large site on the west edge of the city of Columbus and overlooks the farmlands to the west. It was built in 1955-1956 for E. Clarke Arnold a successful Columbus attorney his wife Julia and their growing family from a design supplied by Frank Lloyd Wright.
 Martin Hamilton House also known as the Hamilton House Museum is a historic home located at Summersville Nicholas County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 and is a simple one-story frame dwelling with clapboard siding and a corrugated metal roof. An eight foot addition was built in 1936. It was donated to the Nicholas County Historical and Genealogical Society in 1985 and is used as a museum and genealogical library.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Church of the Holy Apostles is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopal church located at 1706 Hagood Avenue in Barnwell South Carolina. On April 13 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Church of the Holy Apostles Episcopal.
 The Old Inn also known as the Old Brick Inn was built circa 1816 in Saint Michaels Maryland. It is unusual for Maryland in possessing two-story porches on both its front and back sides.
 Glenside Memorial Hall often abbreviated Glenside Hall is a historic meeting hall located in the Philadelphia suburb of Glenside Cheltenham Township Montgomery County Pennsylvania. Glenside Hall was built in 1926 and is a 2 1/2-story T-shaped red brick Colonial Revival style building with limestone trim. It sits on a raised stone foundation and has a slate covered gable roof. It was to honor the veterans of World War I.
 English Evangelical Church of the Reformation and Parish House is a historic church complex located at Rochester in Monroe County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Mall of Arabia is a shopping mall built as part of the City of Arabia in the Dubailand theme park premises in Dubai. Original announcements said it would be completed in 2008. Following the collapse of the Dubai real-estate market the first phase will not open until 2013. The 10 million square-foot mall contains more than 1000 retail outlets a rooftop hotel waterfront dining and entertainment a theme park an earth science museum and a planetarium.
 Oakland City Hall is the seat of government for the city of Oakland California. The current building was completed in 1914 and replaced a prior building that stood on what is now Frank H. Ogawa Plaza. Standing at the height of 320 feet (98 m) it was the first high-rise government building in the United States.
 Zion Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church building at 132 Glenbrook Road in Stamford Connecticut.It was built in 1925. An addition was added in 1955. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was covered in a Multiple Property Submission study of Downtown Stamford Ecclesiastical Complexes. Out of 11 complexes including 26 buildings covered in the study the Zion Lutheran Church was the most recently built.
 The Chicago Children's Museum is located at Navy Pier in Chicago Illinois. It was founded in 1982 by The Junior League of Chicago who were responding to programming cutbacks in the Chicago Public Schools. Originally housed in two hallways of the Chicago Public Library it soon began to offer trunk shows and traveling exhibits in response to capacity crowds on-site.The museum moved a number of times over its initial years of existence while it continued to search for a permanent home.
 There are three bridges carrying Hopyard Road (part of unsigned State Road 434) over several brooks within Devil's Hopyard State Park in the U.S. state of Connecticut. The main route of SSR 434 follows the Eightmile River and the bridges cross over its minor tributaries. All three bridges are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (as Bridge No. 1603 Bridge No. 1604 and Bridge No. 1605 corresponding to their structure numbers in the National Bridge Inventory).
 Westshore Town Centre (formerly known as Canwest Mall) is a shopping centre in Langford British Columbia near Victoria. The centre is bounded on the west by Jacklin Road Langford Parkway (formerly Attree Avenue) to the north Brittany Drive to the east and Kelly Road to the south.
 The Pfau-Crichton Cottage best known as Chinaberry is a historic cottage in Mobile Alabama United States. The 1 1⁄2-story wood-frame Gulf Coast cottage was completed in 1862. The house was built by the Pfau family but its best known resident was Miss Anne Randolph Crichton known for the elaborate gardens that she developed on the property. She enlisted in the Navy at the outbreak of World War I and continued her service until retirement in the 1950s.
 The Perryville American Legion Building is located at Plum and Main Streets in Perryville Arkansas. It was built in 1935 and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It served historically as a meeting hall.
 The Columbus Pump House which is also known as the Columbus Power House and the Senior Center was designed by architect Harrison Albright and completed in 1903. The building stands on the banks of the East Fork of the White River at the foot of Second Street in Columbus IN Indiana. From 1903 to 1951 it served as the city's water works and pumped water from the river for domestic use; it also produced electricity for the city's street lighting.
 Sheldon Cobblestone House is a historic home located at Mendon in Monroe County New York. It is a Federal style cobblestone farmhouse built about 1833. It is constructed of medium sized field cobbles and is one of only 10 surviving cobblestone buildings in Mendon.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Military Museum of the Legion was established in 1940 to celebrate the Spanish Legion. The Legion and its museum moved to Ceuta in 1956 when Morocco gained independence from Spain. At first the museum was in a small room of the barracks of the 2nd Regiment (Tercio) of the Legion in Dar-Riffien (Tetouan). Upon the Moroccan independence the museum was moved to the Barracks of El Serrallo but a purpose built building was constructed in 1978 on the Paseo de Colón.
 Växjö Cathedral (Swedish: Växjö domkyrka) in the centre of Växjö Sweden is the seat of the bishop of the Diocese of Växjö in the Church of Sweden.
 The Arthur Ebeling House is located on the west side of Davenport Iowa United States. The Colonial Revival house was designed by its original owner Arthur Ebeling. It was built from 1912-1913 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Chase Tower is an office/bank building in Englewood Colorado US. The first floor includes retail along with the Chase bank branch.
 Four Stairs is a historic home located at Great Falls Fairfax County Virginia. The earliest section was built about 1737 as a gable-roofed one-room one-story with loft log house. It was later enlarged with a shed-roofed west side log pen and rear shed-roofed timber-framed kitchen. These early sections were raised to two-stories after 1796. A two-story three-bay parlor-and-side-hall-plan frame addition in the Greek Revival style was built about 1850 and became the focus of the house.
 Millennium Bailey's Hotel formerly Bailey's Hotel is a historic hotel in the Kensington district of London. The postal address is 140 Gloucester Road but the main entrance is on Courtfield Road opposite Gloucester Road tube station. It was established in 1876 and named after its original owner Sir James Bailey (1840-1910) Member of Parliament.
 Norfolk and Western Railway Freight Station is a historic freight depot located in the Melrose-Rugby neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It encompasses 111 contributing buildings and 2 contributing objects in a planned residential subdivision with most of the dwellings being built between the late 1910s and late 1940s. It is a primarily residential district with single-family dwellings. The houses include American Craftsman-style bungalow American Foursquare and Cape Cod style.
 The Ford Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park was built in 1928. The National Park Service Rustic log structure is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as a network of shelters approx. one day's travel apart for patrolling backcountry rangers.The Ford Creek cabin was the first of four identical cabins built to National Park Service plan G913 in 1928-29 by private contractors described as good log men at a total cost of $350.
 Highcliffe Castle situated on the cliffs at Highcliffe Dorset was built between 1831 and 1835 by Charles Stuart 1st Baron Stuart de Rothesay in a Gothic Revival style on the site of High Cliff house a Georgian Mansion designed for the 3rd Earl of Bute ( a founder of Kew Gardens) with the gardens laid out by Capability Brown.
 Bogyoke Aung San Market (Burmese: ဗိုလ်ချုပ်အောင်ဆန်းဈေး; formerly Scott's Market) is a major bazaar located in Pabedan township in central Yangon Myanmar. Known for its colonial architecture and inner cobblestone streets the market is a major tourist destination dominated by antique Burmese handicraft and jewellery shops art galleries and clothing stores. Bogyoke Market is a popular black market location to exchange currency.
 The Cebu International Convention Center (CICC) is a 3-story structure built by the Cebu Provincial Government for the 12th Asean Summit and 2nd East Asia Summit at a cost of about US$ ten million dollars. It has a gross floor area of 28000 square metres and is situated on 3.8 hectares of land at the Mandaue City Reclamation Area in Metro Cebu.
 The Alston-Cobb House now formally known as the Clarke County Historical Museum is a historic house and local history museum in Grove Hill Alabama. It was built in 1854 by Dr. Lemuel Lovett Alston as a Greek Revival I-house a vernacular style also known in the South as Plantation Plain. It is one of only four examples of an I-house to survive intact in Clarke County.
 Rock Valley School is a historic one-room school building located at Rock Valley in Delaware County New York United States. It was built in 1885 and is a one story wood frame building on a cut stone foundation and gable roof. The main section of the building is rectangular and approximately 24 feet by 36 feet two bays wide and three bays deep.
 The Morrison and Clark Houses (also known as the Soldiers' Sailors' Marines' and Airmen's Club) are historical buildings located at 1013 - 1015 L Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Mount Vernon Square neighborhood. The Morrison-Clark Inn is recognized as a Historic Hotel of America by the National Trust for Historic Preservation
 Jalalgarh Fort is an almost 300 years old ruined fort located at 20 km north of Purnia Bihar India. The fort was built by Syed Muhammed Jalaluddin Khan. It is also believed by some people that fort was built by Saif Khan the nawab of Purnia in 1722.
 The Adorno Station near Winnemucca Nevada is a historic stagecoach station and hotel site that dates from 1899. It includes Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The listing included six contributing buildings on 320 acres (130 ha).The main house and five other contributing buildings (a wagon shed a barn a jail a workshop and a bunkhouse) were all built during 1899-1900.
 Long Hill is a historic home overlooking Wetipquin Creek in Wetipquin Wicomico County Maryland United States. It was built about 1767 and is a five bay wide wood panelled and brick house set on a brick foundation laid in Flemish bond. It is an essentially untouched Maryland dwelling dating from the second half of the 18th century.
 The Shilpgram Museum is a craft village situated near Ramsinghpura village 9 km from Sawai Madhopur. It is a living ethnographic museum depicting the tremendous diversity in crafts art and culture of various Indian states specially western part.
 The Belz Museum of Asian and Judaic Art is located at 119 South Main Street at the intersection of Gayoso Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA. The museum was opened in 1998 as the Peabody Place Museum and in January 2007 it received its present name.The museums collection is based on the private collection of Memphis developers Jack and Marilyn Betz who owned the Peabody Hotel and Peabody Place.
 Aurora Steam Grist Mill was a historic grist mill located in Aurora Cayuga County New York. It was a monolithic 3 1⁄2-story rectangular stone structure built on the shore of Lake Cayuga. It was one of the first mills built west of the Hudson River to be powered by steam. In 1974 the building's roof collapsed due to neglect and plans were to restore it for use as a community center.
 The US Post Office—Somerville Main is a historic post office at 237 Washington Street in Union Square Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story building was constructed in 1935-36 as part of a Public Works Administration initiative during the Great Depression. The building has a steel frame and is clad in brick laid in Flemish bond with limestone trim elements and topped by a truncated hip roof. It is five bays wide with a slightly projecting central section that is topped by a gable.
 The Dutton–Holden Homestead is a historic house at 28 Pond Street in Billerica Massachusetts. The main block of this 2.5 story timber frame house is believed to have been built between 1750 and 1770 based on structural analysis; tradition places its construction earlier by Jonathan Dutton c. 1720. It is a typical Georgian five-bay block with a central chimney; an ell on the east side dates from the early 19th century. The building has retained significant early interior finish work.
 Little Brick House is a restored 1860s middle class home in Vandalia Illinois located in Fayette County. The home is the only house in Vandalia to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has been listed as such since 1973.
 The Cobblestone Historic District is located along state highway NY 104 in Childs New York United States. It comprises three buildings that exemplify the cobblestone architecture developed to a high degree in the regions of upstate New York near Lake Ontario and exported to other areas with settlers.The buildings are in the Federal and Greek Revival styles typical of their era.
 John T. Hash House also known as Monahan House is a house built in Dayton Oregon in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 St Andrew's Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar and is part of the Presbytery of Europe. The church was opened in 1854. Whilst originally built primarily to serve as a garrison church for Scottish soldiers based in Gibraltar today it serves the wider Presbyterian and Reformed Christian community of all nationalities.The church is run by a committee of elders.
 Main Tower is a 56-storey 200 m (656 ft) skyscraper in the Innenstadt district of Frankfurt Germany. It is named after the nearby Main river. The building is 240 m (787 ft) when its antenna spire is included. The tower has five underground floors and two public viewing platforms. It is the only skyscraper in Frankfurt with a public viewing observatory.
 Fuji Xerox Towers (Chinese: 富士施乐大厦) formerly known as IBM Towers is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. It is located on 80 Anson Road in the zone of Shenton Way and Tanjong Pagar.
 The Root Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located off State Route 555 in far northern Decatur Township Washington County the bridge was built in 1878 in the Long truss mode of truss bridge construction.
 DIB-200 is a possible mixed use supertall skyscraper project proposed by Kajima Construction and designed by Sadaaki Masuda and Scott Howe. If constructed it would be 800 metres (2625 ft) tall.
 The Military Medical Academy (MMA) (Bulgarian: Военномедицинска академия ВМА) of Sofia is a large complex for medical treatment as well as education located in Sofia Bulgaria. It has several branches and smaller clinics in other cities in the country.It was established in 1891 as a military hospital and was transformed into a Senior Military Medical Institute (Висш военномедицински институт ВВМИ) in 1960.
 Schwarzenfels Castle (German: Burg Schwarzenfels) is a ruined castle in the village of Schwarzenfels in Hesse Germany.
 Stornoway is the name of the official residence of the Leader of the Opposition in Canada and has been used as such since 1950. It is provided in recognition of the opposition leader's position. Located at 541 Acacia Avenue in the Rockcliffe Park area of Ottawa Stornoway has assessed value $4225000 (2008) (based on this value which is only approximation of market value the municipal property taxes are calculated) and is maintained with $70000 a year in government funds.
 The Glebe built in 1815 is a historic house with an octagon-shaped wing that is located at 4527 17th St. North in Arlington Virginia. It served as the glebe house of Fairfax Parish Virginia. On February 23 1972 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is also preserved by the Northern Virginia Conservation Trust with a conservation easement. The Glebe of Fairfax Parish was a 500-acre (200 ha) farm established in 1775 which included the Glebe House.
 The historic Hotel Boulderado is located at 13th and Spruce St. in downtown Boulder Colorado. It opened its doors on New Year's Day 1909. The original 1908 Otis Elevator is still in operation.As one of the first Boulder hotels it is located in the heart of downtown. The hotel's name comes from the words Boulder and Colorado so no guest would forget where they had stayed. The hotel is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Hubbardston Public Library is the public library of Hubbardston Massachusetts. The library located at 7 Main Street serves the town by providing a wide variety of materials services and events. It offers Internet access and access to the CWMARS resource-sharing catalog.The library is housed in one of Hubbardston's most architecturally significant buildings an 1874 Second Empire/Italianate brick building that also houses the town offices.
 St John's Cathedral is a whitewashed cathedral with twin spires located to the north of Kuala Lumpur the capital city of Malaysia. It is the Mother Church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kuala Lumpur and the seat of its Archbishop Murphy Nicholas Xavier Pakiam. It was opened in 1883 making it one of the oldest buildings in Kuala Lumpur. January 8th is the anniversary of its dedication.St John's Cathedral is located next to St.
 Richmond Farm Prison houses up to 235 first offenders serving long-term sentences. It once incorporated a large banana farm which was later destroyed. As of 2006 an attempt was under way regenerate the farm with crops including bananas corn calaloo string beans and cucumber.Its most famous former ex inmate is probably Bunny Wailer who spent 14 months there in 1967/8.It is operated by the Department of Correctional Services for the Ministry of National Security.
 The Greenup Commercial Historic District is a historic district located in the business district of Greenup Illinois. The district includes 40 buildings of which 31 are considered contributing buildings to the district's historic character. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 21 1991.Several of the businesses in the district feature overhanging porches on their front facades lending Greenup the nickname Village of Porches.
 The Mathematikum is a science museum located in Gießen Germany which offers a huge variety of mathematical hands-on exhibits. It was founded by Albrecht Beutelspacher a German mathematician. The Mathematikum opened its doors to visitors on 19 November 2002 it was Inaugurated by the German president Johannes Rau. Since then the museum has attracted more than 1500000 visitors. Annually the museum is visited by more than 150000 people.
 Padrão dos Descobrimentos (Portuguese pronunciation: [pɐˈdɾɐ̃w̃ duʃ dɨʃkubɾiˈmẽtuʃ]; lit. Monument to the Discoveries) is a monument on the northern bank of the Tagus River estuary in the civil parish of Santa Maria de Belém Lisbon. Located along the river where ships departed to explore and trade with India and Orient the monument celebrates the Portuguese Age of Discovery (or Age of Exploration) during the 15th and 16th centuries.
 The House at 44 Court Street is in the National Register of Historic Places.It is currently the home of Court Street Financial Services.
 The T. Goings Building is a late 19th-century commercial building within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District in Oregon Illinois U.S.A. The building is listed as a contributing structure to the overall integrity of the historic district which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Patton State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located in San Bernardino California.Opened in 1893 as the Southern California State Asylum for the Insane and Inebriates it was renamed Patton State Hospital after Harry Patton a member of the first Board of Managers in 1927. Patton is a state run forensic hospital. Managed by the Department of State Hospitals it is accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
 Century Square (Chinese: 世纪广场) is a 6-storey shopping mall in Tampines Singapore. It is located near Tampines and next to Tampines Mall. Opened in 1995 Century Square underwent expansion in 2005. Century Square is managed by AsiaMalls Management Pte Ltd. The shopping mall is easily accessible as it is located in the heart of the Tampines Regional Centre where Tampines MRT station and Tampines Bus Interchange are situated very close to the mall.
 The Comal County Courthouse is located in New Braunfels in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in Comal County Texas in 1976 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1993.Comal County has had two courthouses. The first was designed by Wilhelm Thielepape and completed circa 1860 but had deteriorated in condition by the late 1890s.
 St. George Academy is a historic school building located at St. George Tucker County West Virginia. It was built in 1885-1886 and is a two story clapboard building with a projecting bay. It features a square tower with a peaked vent on each side and topped by a pyramidal roof with a spiked finial. In 1975-76 a new school was erected behind the old academy structure and in 1982 the old school building was condemned by the state fire marshal and ordered to be razed or removed.
 The Flag Building also referred to as the Super Power Building is the largest building in Clearwater Florida. It is owned by the Church of Scientology and was built principally to deliver the Super Power Rundown a high-level Scientology training course intended to train Scientologists to use all of their 57 perceptics or senses.
 The Florence Crittenton Home in Little Rock Arkansas was built in 1917. It was designed by Thompson & Harding in Colonial Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Anoud Tower is a skyscraper in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. It was completed in 2005. At 155 m high it is a major commercial building on King Fahd road. It contains 20 floors with 3 basement levels. There are plans to build a similar tower alongside it. The tower is owned by Princess Al-Anoud Foundation and moderated by several Saudi Arabian companies including Al-Inma Bank Head Office & Novotel Hotels.
 La Bergerie also known as Rokeby is a historic mansion located on River Road in Barrytown New York. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is a contributing property in the Hudson River Historic District a National Historic Landmark.
 St. James Episcopal Church Mill Creek also known as St. James Church or St. James Church Stanton is an historic Episcopal church located at 2106 St. James Church Road in Stanton Mill Creek Hundred near Wilmington Delaware. It was built between 1820 and 1823 and is a rectangular stone building with a rounded apsidal chancel projecting from the north wall. It replaced an earlier frame church that burned in 1820.
 Granada Towers is a historic apartment building / hotel located at Long Beach in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1929 in the Spanish Revival style. It consists of three tower seven stories tall. It is built of orange-brown brick with terra cotta and stucco trim. The entry has terra cotta pilasters with spindle shafts and composite capitals.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Gastaurant a portmanteau of gas station and restaurant refers to a class of fueling stations which also incorporate a franchise-based restaurant (such as McDonald's or Taco Bell) in the same facility. Gastaurants are frequently found off of major highways in the United States. Gastaurants grew in popularity in the 1990s and are found throughout the United States.
 The Valentine Public School at 3rd and Macomb Sts. in Valentine Nebraska was built in 1897. It has also been known as Centennial Hall.
 The North Anderson Historic District located in Anderson South Carolina. The historic district is an architecturally significant area that offers an impressive collection of 20th century Revivals and American Movements. Further the district is noteworthy for it further represents the development and transition of Anderson from a rural community to a planned city with well-thought out streets and neighborhoods. The district consists of over 147 homes a number of garages and a few parks.
 Old Town Pizza is a pizzeria established in 1974 and located in the Old Town Chinatown neighborhood of northwest Portland Oregon in the United States. The company has a satellite location located at Vanport Square in Northeast Portland that includes a brewery branded as Old Town Brewing Co. Two days before its March 2012 opening a fire forced the restaurant undergo reconstruction for six weeks.
 The S. P. Gebhart House at 105 N. Iuka St. in Pratt Kansas is a foursquare house with Colonial Revival style that was built in c.1907-1910. It was designed and built by local contractor Harry Newton Duckworth. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It was home of Samuel P. Gebhart (c.1853-1935) editor and publisher of the Pratt Union newspaper and who long served on the City Council and once served as mayor.
 The Professor William Pabodie House is a historic residence in the city of Wyoming Ohio United States. Erected in the late nineteenth century it was originally the home of a Cincinnati-area educator and it has been designated a historic site because of its distinctive architecture.
 George Farmhouse is a historic home located near Smyrna Kent County Delaware. It built between about 1915 and 1920 and is a two-story frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. Parts of the house date to the 19th century and the one-story and attic kitchen wing may be the oldest section of the house. It features a three-story offset hexagonal shaped tower with a tent roof and a wraparound porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 San Bernardino Ranch is a site in the southern San Bernardino Valley in the region of the San Bernardino National Wildlife Refuge in extreme southeast Cochise County Arizona that is significant for its association with the beginning of cattle ranching in southern Arizona and northern Mexico.
 The Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen is the art collection of the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia located in Düsseldorf. United by this institution are three different exhibition venues: the K20 at Grabbeplatz the K21 in the Ständehaus and the Schmela Haus. The Kunstsammlung was founded in 1961 by the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia as a foundation under private law for the purpose of displaying the art collection and expanding it through new acquisitions.
 Monument to the Turkmenistan Constitution (Turkmen: Türkmenistanyň Konstitusiýa binasy) was a monument located in Ashgabat Turkmenistan. The total height of the center of - 185 meters is the second tallest building in Turkmenistan. The monument is decorated with marble. Built to honor the Turkmenistan Constitution. Was built in 2008-2011 on the Archabil avenue by the Turkish construction company Polimeks.
 Ashbourne Hall is a Manor house originally built by the Cockayne family in the 13th century in Ashbourne Derbyshire. The present building is part of a largely demolished Georgian-styled hall built in the 18th century.
 The Château du Ranroët is a castle existing since the 12th century located in Herbignac in the Loire-Atlantique department of France.Since 1925 the Château du Ranroët has been listed as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Cornish Griffin Round Barn is a round barn near Pleasant Lake Indiana United States. Also known as the Keeler Barn it was built in 1915 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.It is the only historic round barn in the state with glazed tiles although many other barns in the state were built with unglazed tile silos.
 The Longyear Building is a commercial structure located at 210 North Front Street in Marquette Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.In 2001 JML Heirs LLC a company founded by John Munroe Longyear undertook an extensive renovation of the building. The company has its corporate offices in the building.
 Christ Church Cathedral also known simply as Christ Church is a historic Episcopal cathedral located in Mobile Alabama USA.
 Plaza Tower (for a time dubbed Crescent City Towers and Crescent City Residences in a failed proposed redevelopment scheme) is a 45-story 531 feet (162 m)-tall skyscraper in New Orleans Louisiana designed in the modern style by Leonard R Spangenberg Jr. & Associates.
 World One is a residential skyscraper under construction in Mumbai India. It will be located in Upper Worli of Mumbai on the plot of a 17.5 acre site which belonged to Srinivas Cotton Mills. Lodha Group obtained the plot for 2.5 billion (US$42 million). The project will cost 20 billion (US$330 million) be completed by 2015 and will have the world’s tallest residential tower once completed.World One's architect is Pei Cobb Freed & Partners and Leslie E.
 Ellinge Castle (Swedish: Ellinge slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality Scania in southern Sweden.The castle dates from the 1100s. It has the whitewashed walls with 11 overnight rooms with capacity for 22 overnight guests. The castle is surrounded by a square moat as can be seen on the map shown.
 The Lulu Graves Farm is a farm located in Jerome Idaho United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It includes work by stonemason H.T. Pugh. The listing included three contributing buildings on 5 acres (2.0 ha).
 The City Palace or simply Berlin Palace (German: Berliner Stadtschloss Berliner Schloss or simply Stadtschloss) was a royal and imperial palace in the centre of Berlin the historical capital of Prussia and subsequently Germany. It was located on the Museum Island at Schlossplatz opposite the Lustgarten park. It was the winter residence of the Kings of Prussia and the German Emperors. In 2013 work started on reconstruction and a part of the exterior of the palace has been rebuilt.
 Hebron Methodist Church is a historic church in Oakville North Carolina.It was built in 1848 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The National Psychosis Unit is a national treatment centre for patients with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders in the United Kingdom. The unit is a tertiary referral centre in the National Health Service. It is located at the Bethlem Royal Hospital part of the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust. It is closely affiliated to the Institute of Psychiatry King's College London and forms part of the Psychosis Clinical Academic Group of King's Health Partners.
 The Cut Bank Ranger Station in Glacier National Park was one of the first buildings built in Glacier by the National Park Service. Built in 1917 the design is in keeping with park hotel structures built by the Great Northern Railway in a Swiss chalet style that predated the fully developed National Park Service Rustic style.The station was manned year-round until the late 1930s when it became a summer-only station. It was one of the first National Park Service-built facilities in Glacier.
 The Walden Street Cattle Pass also referred to as the cow path is an historic site adjacent to the MBTA Commuter Rail Fitchburg Line right-of-way under the Walden Street Bridge in Cambridge Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The site a tunnel for moving cattle between the railroad and the nearby stockyards of the 19th century was built in 1857.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Church is a historic church on Church Street in Loretto Tennessee.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Building at 259 Mount Auburn Street in Cambridge Massachusetts is an unusually small Italianate house. Its construction history is unclear because it was apparently moved to the present site in the late 1850s. Its Italianate styling places its construction c. 1850 and its small size (22' by 18') suggests it may have originally been built as a railroad depot.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Castle of Stilo or Norman Castle is a castle of the Norman period built at Stilo Calabria in southern Italy by Roger II of Sicily upon Monte Consolino in the 11th century.
 The Cathedral of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Juneau. The cathedral is located at 416 Fifth Street in Juneau Alaska. The cathedral may be the smallest in North America.In 1885 a parish was created for the growing mining community in Alaska's Silverbow Basin. A church was built in 1886 on the same block on Fifth Street where the cathedral currently sits. This church was replaced in 1910 with the present cathedral building.
 First Place Hamilton is a 25-storey (78.0 m) seniors retirement apartment building in Hamilton Ontario Canada which was built in 1976. It is the 13th-tallest building in Hamilton. This high rise is situated at the corner of King and Wellington Street South which was the original site of the First United Church which burned down in 1969. Described as an active living community that's provided comfortable home and services for seniors in Hamilton for over 3-decades.
 Casa Rosita Serrallés (Spanish for Rosita Serrallés Residence) is a historic building in the city of Ponce Puerto Rico located between the former Escuela Libre de Música Juan Morel Campos and the Museo de la Historia de Ponce and immediately behind Teatro La Perla. The building was purchased by the government of the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce in 2008 for its architectural historic and cultural value.
 Isaac Owens House also known as the Gannt-Williams House or John Walker House is a historic building located at 2806 N Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 The Met is a 69 storey condominium located in Bangkok. It is the fifth tallest building and second tallest residential building in Thailand.The Met has a height of 228 metres and 69 floors. It contains 370 condominium units. It is composed of six towers connected by sky bridges. Sunshades overhangs and walls of live greenery filter sunlight and protect interiors from overheating. The gaps between the towers contain terraces with pools and sky gardens.
 The Glyndon Hotel is a landmark in Richmond Kentucky.The original Glyndon Hotel was built in 1889 to replace Green’s opera house. At that time horse drawn streetcars carried guests from the L&N Railroad depot located further east on Main Street to the hotel. After a fire destroyed the original hotel in 1891 the current four-story brick structure was erected on the foundation of the earlier one. The new hotel opened in the fall of 1892 under the management of George G. Corzelius (1864–1948).
 Santuario della Madonna del Divino Amore or the shrine of Our Lady of Divine Love is a Roman Catholic shrine dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary that consists of two churches: an old church built in 1745 and a new church added to the sanctuary in 1999. The church was included by Pope John Paul II in the pilgrimage of Seven Pilgrim Churches of Rome during the Holy Year 2000.
 New Life Christian Center (NLCC known as New Life) is a church in the Philippines. Its headquarters is based in Alabang Muntinlupa City Metro Manila Philippines.
 Lasipalatsi (Swedish: Glaspalatset; meaning literally the Glass palace) is a functionalist office building designed in the 1930s located on Mannerheimintie in the Kamppi district of Helsinki Finland. Lasipalatsi is one of Helsinki's most notable functionalist buildings.
 Regions Center (also referred to as the Regions Building) is a 108-meter (354-foot) 28-story skyscraper at 315 Deaderick Street in Nashville Tennessee. It is the former Tennessee headquarters of Regions Financial Corporation. It was completed in 1974. It was originally called the First American Center but the name was changed when First American National Bank merged with AmSouth Bank. A major renovation of the building's ground-level exterior followed the name change.
 The Walter Merchant House on Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) in Albany New York United States is a brick-and-stone townhouse in the Italianate architectural style with some Renaissance Revival elements.
 One US Bank Plaza (formerly One Mercantile Center) is a 36-story building in Downtown St. Louis Missouri. The 147.5 m (484 ft) building is topped by an antenna that raises the total building to 589 feet (180 m). In the 1990s the Ambassador Building next to it was razed and became part of the building's plaza.The building has a Structural Expressionism style. It was originally built for Mercantile Bancorporation which was bought out by Firstar in 1999 and then became U.S. Bancorp in 2001.
 The Old Perry Post Office is a historic site in Perry Florida located at 201 East Green Street. On May 11 1989 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 The Daniel Cragin Mill known today as the Frye's Measure Mill is a historic watermill established in 1858. The mill is about three miles (5 km) west of the small town of Wilton in Hillsborough County New Hampshire. For over 150 years the mill's production has been unique woodenware and wooden boxes used for dry measuring boxes. Presently the mill's main production is Shaker-style pantry boxes and furniture pieces for the various Shaker communities and their museum gift shops.
 The Mubarak Centre also known as Sheikh Zayed Centre is an on-hold proposed mixed-use complex for which site preparation works began in Lahore Pakistan. The complex was to include residential and office towers as well as conference halls and a shopping mall. Once completed Mubarak Tower 1 was to have been the tallest building in Pakistan.
 The Black Cultural Centre for Nova Scotia is located in Cherrybrook Nova Scotia near Halifax. The centre serves as a museum and a library resource centre for the African Nova Scotian community and the Black Canadian community as a whole. The organization of the Black Cultural Society was incorporated as a charitable organization in 1977 and the centre opened its doors in 1983. With a goal to educate and inspire and to protect preserve and promote Black culture in Nova Scotia.
 Coral Ridge Presbyterian Church is a Christian megachurch within the Presbyterian Church in America located in Fort Lauderdale Florida USA. It was founded in 1960 by D. James Kennedy (1930–2007) who served as the church's senior pastor until his death in 2007. The present church building seating 2800 persons was dedicated on February 3 1974 by evangelist Billy Graham.
 St John the Baptist's Church is in Church Lane Broughton Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Preston the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with those of St Martin Fulwood and St Peter Fulwood. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building.
 The Jacob P. Perry House is a historic home on Sickeltown Road in Pearl River New York United States. It was constructed around the end of the 18th century one of the last houses in Rockland County to have been built in the Dutch Colonial style more common before the Revolution. It is a stone structure with a detailed period interior. A later owner renovated it during the 1930s and an addition was built onto it in the late 1970s.
 The Sanno Park Tower (山王パークタワー Sannō Pāku Tawā) is a 44-story skyscraper located in Nagatachō Tokyo Japan. It is the second highest building of the ward after the Shin-Marunouchi Building.The headquarters of the largest mobile carrier in Japan NTT docomo are located on the 7th to 9th and 27th to 44th floors.[citation needed]The lower floors house several multinational corporations such as Deutsche Bank DuPont Cushman & Wakefield Bank of America Philip Morris Estée Lauder.
 The Westin Virginia Beach Town Center is a 38 story high rise hotel and living residence in Virginia Beach Town Center. The 4 star hotel is the bottom half of the 38 story building and the upper stories are the residents' homes. There are 119 condominiums in the top floors ranging from 900 to 4000 square feet (370 m2). The building was built throughout 2006 and 2007.
 Taqueria Arandas is a chain of Mexican restaurants in Greater Houston Texas. The corporate headquarters is located in Houston.As of March 2014 the Taqueria Arandas chain makes $40 million per year. As of that month the chain has 30 taquerias five Arandas Bakery bakeries and two Ostionerias Arandas seafood restaurants.The menus show images of a church from his hometown in Mexico and every restaurant has a photograph of Jesus Christ. These aspects reflect the religiousness of the founder.
 The Norway Lutheran Church and Cemetery are located 10 miles south of Denbigh North Dakota and were listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1994. The NRHP listing includes the main church structure a cemetery and two contributing privies to the west and rear of the church all situated on a 4.4 acres (1.8 ha) site. A pyramid-shaped monument topped with an iron cross is located at the northeast corner of the cemetery and marks site of an older log church.
 The Hotel Turkey is a historic hotel located in Turkey Texas United States that originally opened in 1927. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 24 1991.The two-story reddish-brown brick prairie school designed structure was built by H. B. Jordan to take advantage of the extension of the Fort Worth and Denver South Plains Railway to the town of Turkey. On June 12 1927 the building was partially complete when a tornado leveled it.
 99 Bishopsgate is a commercial skyscraper in London. It is located on Bishopsgate a major thoroughfare in the City of London financial district. The building is 104 metres (341 ft) tall and has 25 office floors with a total net letable floor space of circa 30000 square metres (322900 sq ft). There are a further three plant floors at levels LG 14 and 27.The original core and steelwork was completed in 1976.
 For Pres. James Madison's birthplace see Belle Grove (Port Conway Virginia)For other Belle Groves see Belle Grove (disambiguation)Belle Grove Plantation is a late-18th-century plantation and estate in the northern Shenandoah Valley of Virginia USA.
 Wesley Brethren Church is an historic church in Wesley Texas United States. The church was built in 1866. It was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1966 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The church is mostly built with hand cut native logs. Directly above the doors is a hand painted sign bearing the message: JA JSEM TA CESTA I PRAVDA I ZIVOT SLOVA JEZISEKRISTA meaning I am the way the truth and the light the words of Jesus Christ in Czech.
 The Barton House in Florissant Missouri is a Missouri French style house from 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 First Presbyterian Church of Woodruff (Woodruff Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church) is a historic church at 300 W. Georgia Street in Woodruff South Carolina.It was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Narkomfin Building is a block of flats at 25 Novinsky Boulevard in in the Central district of Moscow Russia. It is a renowned example of Constructivist architecture and avant-garde interior planning. Though a listed Cultural Heritage Monument on the Russian cultural heritage register it is in a deteriorating state. Most units were vacated by residents years ago.
 Santa Maria Incoronata is a church in Milan Italy. It was completed in 1460.Artworks in the interior include a painting by Bergognone Christ under the Grill the tomb of Giovanni Bossi attributed to Bambaia a Baroque fresco cycle of the Life of St. Nicholas of Tolentino by Ciro Ferrari and the Biblioteca Umanistica (Humanist Library 15th century).
 The Vision Tower is a 60-floor tower in the Business Bay in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 260 m (853 ft). Construction of the Vision Tower was completed in 2011.
 The Museum of the Apopkans is located at 122 East Fifth Street Apopka Florida. It contains exhibits depicting the history of Apopka and Northwest Orange County and is run by the Apopka Historical Society.
 The International Convention Center Kaohsiung (ICCK; Chinese: 高雄國際會議中心; pinyin: Gāoxióng Guójì Huìyì Zhōngxīn) is a convention center in Yancheng District Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 Not to be confused with Van Cortlandt House Museum in The Bronx New York City.Van Cortlandt Manor is a house and property located by the confluence of the Croton and Hudson Rivers located in the village of Croton-On-Hudson in Westchester County New York. The stone and brick manor house is now a National Historic Landmark. It is on South Riverside Avenue.Originally it was an 86000-acre (35000 ha) tract granted as a Patent to Stephanus Van Cortlandt in 1697 by King William III.
 Westfield Municipal Building is a historic building at 59 Court Street in Westfield Massachusetts. It presently houses the Westfield city offices and the local district court. It was built in 1889 to house the state normal school (now Westfield State University) serving in that role until its acquisition by the city in 1959. The building was designed by the architectural firm of Hartwell and Richardson. The second partner was William Cummings Richardson not H. H.
 Glendale National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Richmond in Henrico County Virginia. It encompasses 2.1 acres (0.85 ha) and as of the end of 2005 had 2064 interments. It is closed to new interments.
 The Chains Church (Romanian: Biserica cu lanţuri; Hungarian: Láncos-templom) a Reformed church in Satu Mare Romania is one of the oldest churches in the city.Located on Păcii Square it was built based on the plans of Preinlich Sigismund an engineer between 1793 and 1802.
 River City Shopping Complex is a shopping mall in Bangkok Thailand. It is located alongside the Chao Phraya River on the Si Phraya Pier.Developed by the Italthai Group and The Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group it opened on December 1 1984 and it has a floor area of 47567 m².
 The David Whitney Building is a historic class-A skyscraper located at 1553 Woodward Avenue on the northern edge of Downtown Detroit Michigan within the Grand Circus Park Historic District. The building stands on a wedge-shaped site at the junction of Park Avenue Woodward Avenue and Washington Boulevard. Construction on the 19-floor structure began in 1914. It is planned for redevelopment as an Aloft Hotel in 2014.
 Dhamek Stupa (also spelled Dhamekh and Dhamekha) is a massive stupa located at Sarnath 13 km away from Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh India.The Dhamek Stupa was built in 500 CE to replace an earlier structure commissioned by the great Mauryan king Ashoka in 249 BCE along with several other monuments to commemorate the Buddha's activities in this location. Stupas originated as circular mounds encircled by large stones.
 The U. S. Post Office is an historic building located at 310 North Fourth Street in Kingman Arizona. The post office was built in 1935. The design of the post office is Period Revival with Italian Influence. Louis A. Simon was the Supervisor Architect and Neal A. Melick was the Supervisor Engineer. The first real post office for Kingman the earlier post offices were part of a store fronts in the early days.
 The James Dixon Farm near Boonton Morris County New Jersey United States was built in 1760. It has also been known as the Aaron Miller House and as the Dixon Property. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The listing included six contributing buildings including a single dwelling and one or more animal facilities on 12 acres (4.9 ha).
 The Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania is a railroad museum in Strasburg Lancaster County Pennsylvania.The museum is located on the east side of Strasburg along Pennsylvania Route 741. It is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission with the active support of the Friends of the Railroad Museum.The museum has more than 100 historic locomotives and railroad cars that chronicle American railroad history.
 Old Trees is a historic home and national historic district located at Cazenovia in Madison County New York. The district contains four contributing buildings. The main house was built in 1917 as a large two story rustic lodge. It was remodeled in 1937 in the Georgian Revival style by the prominent Buffalo firm of Bley and Lyman.
 Ezra Carpenter House is a historic house at 168 South Street in Foxborough Massachusetts.The Federal style house was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Gus's cafe is a well-known cafe located in Civic Canberra Australia. It opened in 1969 and later became the first outdoor pavement cafe in Canberra. It is one of the oldest and best known cafes in Canberra and one of the first European-style cafes in Australia. It has both outdoor and indoor dining areas.The cafe was established by Augustin 'Gus' Petersilka (1919–1994) who emigrated to Australia from Austria in 1951 and arrived in Canberra in 1962.
 The Palazzo Hercolani or Ercolani is a large Rococo or Neoclassic-style palace in Strada Maggiore in central Bologna which now serves as the offices for the Political Science Department (Facoltà di Scienze Politiche) of the University of Bologna.The palace we see today was commissioned in 1785 by aristocrat Filippo Hercolani; the architect was Angelo Venturoli.
 The Old Customshouse is a historic government building at 516 North King Street in Wilmington Delaware. It was built in 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Bhutan House is an estate located in Kalimpong West Bengal India owned by the Dorji family of Bhutan. The site is the traditional administrative Dzong for southern Bhutan and also functioned as the administrative center for the whole of western Bhutan during the modern kingdom's early years of consolidation.
 Commandant's Quarters of Fort Gibson was built in 1868.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The larger Fort Gibson which may include this building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960.
 Cheesman Park is an urban park and neighborhood located in the City and County of Denver Colorado United States.
 Walstein Childs House is a historic home located at Wallkill in Ulster County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay rectangular shaped stone dwelling constructed about 1763.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Interchange21 or Interchange Mall is a 36 storey office and shopping complex located in Watthana district Bangkok Thailand.It is located on the Sukhumvit Road and Asok Montri Road intersection. There are 5 floors of retail located in the building. (Interchange Mall)
 Lapp Log House also known as the Hopper Log House is a historic home located in East Whiteland Township Chester County Pennsylvania. The original section dates to about 1800 and is a two-story one bay log structure. The interior has an 8-foot stone fireplace and gooseneck spiral staircase. A two-story frame addition was built in the 1800s with an addition built in the 1900s and former patio enclosed in 1976. The additions take a saltbox form. The house was restored in the 1940s.
 First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 264-272 E. Short Street in Lexington Kentucky. The congregation was founded c. 1790 by Peter Durrett and his wife slaves who came to Kentucky with their master Rev. Joseph Craig in 1781 with The Traveling Church of Baptists from Spotsylvania Virginia.
 The Elsasser Bakery is a building at 1802 and 1804 Vinton Street in South Omaha Nebraska. The building was built in 1923 for the William L. Elsasser Bakery. The Elsasser name is carved into a stone panel at the top of the red brick building. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006 as part of the admission of the Vinton Street Commercial Historic District. The building's main occupant is currently the River City Saloon.
 Storfjord Church (Norwegian: Storfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Hatteng. The church is part of the Storfjord parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1952 and it seats about 320 people.
 The Revenue Tower is a skyscraper located in the Wan Chai District of Hong Kong. The tower rises 49 floors and 181 metres (594 ft) in height. The building was completed in 1990. The Revenue Tower which stands as the 93rd-tallest building in Hong Kong is composed entirely of office space. The building along with its twin tower the Immigration Tower house government offices.
 Allegheny General Hospital is a large urban hospital located at 320 East North Avenue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA. Allegheny General Hospital also known locally by the acronym AGH is located in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh. It was founded on December 4 1882 in the area formerly known as Allegheny City and was the first hospital in Pennsylvania to be designated as a Level 1 shock trauma center.
 The George Apfel Round Barn near Clinton Wisconsin United States is a round barn that was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is actually an octagonal shape which meets criteria to be defined as a round barn.Another barn of the octagonal-round type in Wisconsin is the Dean-Armstrong-Englund Octagonal Barn built c.1889-93 southeast of Lima in Rock County.
 Holy Cross Monastery is located on US 9W in West Park New York USA. It is the mother house of the Order of the Holy Cross an Anglican religious order inspired by the Benedictine tradition.The building designed in a combination of Mission/Spanish Revival and Tudorbethan styles by architects Ralph Adams Cram and Henry Vaughan both known for their religious buildings began construction in 1902 and was dedicated two years later.
 Zopher Delong House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built about 1870 and is a 2 1⁄2-story three-bay brick residence with a frame service wing. It has Italianate- and Second Empire–style design elements including a mansard roof. It features a 2-story central pavilion and bracketed entrance portico. Also on the property is the original carriage house.
 St Nicolas's Church Kings Norton is the Anglican parish church of Kings Norton in the Diocese of Birmingham West Midlands United Kingdom.
 International Mugham Center of Azerbaijan is the center of Azerbaijani arts and music aimed to promote preserve and popularize specific genre of Azerbaijani music Mugam. It is located in Baku Boulevard downtown Baku.
 The Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar (Arabic: المركز التجاري لباب الزوار‎) is a shopping mall in Algiers Algeria. The construction of the Centre Commercial Bab Ezzouar was in charge of the Swiss group Jelmoli [1]. The Construction began in May 2007 and was planned for completion in November 2008; however after problems arose the mall opening was delayed until July 2009.
 The University of Maryland Medical Center (UMMC) is a teaching hospital with 757 beds based in Baltimore Maryland that provides the full range of health care to people throughout Maryland and the Mid-Atlantic region. It gets more than 35000 inpatient admissions and 165000 outpatient visits each year. UMMC has approximately 6500 employees as well as 1000 attending physicians and provides training for about half of Maryland's physicians and other health care professionals.
 Maud Hospital was a small hospital in Peterhead Scotland providing psychogeriatric services. It was previously known as Buchan Combination Poorhouse and Maud Home and was founded in 1867.
 Harveys was a restaurant in Wandsworth London run by chef Marco Pierre White between 1987 and 1993. Its French cuisine was warmly received by food critics and it was named Restaurant of the Year by The Times in 1987. It was where White became the youngest chef ever to win two Michelin stars.
 Quán Thánh Temple (Vietnamese: Đền Quán Thánh) formerly known as Trấn Vũ Temple (Hán Việt: Trấn Vũ Quan Hán tự: 真武觀) is a Taoist temple in Hanoi Vietnam. Dated to the 11th century the temple was dedicated to Xuan Wu or Trấn Vũ in Vietnamese one of the principal deities in Taoism. As one of the Four Sacred Temples of the capital Quan Thánh Temple is located near West Lake in a ward of same name Quán Thánh Ward and is one of the leading tourist attractions in Hanoi.
 Mamaroneck Methodist Church is a national historic district containing a Methodist church at 514 Boston Post Road in Mamaroneck Westchester County New York. It was built in 1859 and is a one story Gothic Revival style building of wood frame construction with a gable roof. It is rectangular in form with a rear two story transecting wing built in 1869.
 St Edmund’s Church (or the Church of St Edmund) is a redundant church building located on Clement Royds Street in the Falinge area of Rochdale in Greater Manchester England. Commissioned by Rochdale's local industrialist and Freemason Albert Royds the construction of the building was completed to a high and rich specification in 1873 with an enormous cost of around £25000 (£1.88 million as of 2014).
 The Thomas M. Siebel Center for Computer Science is a $50 million 225000 sq ft (20900 m2) integrated research and educational facility designed by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson located on the Urbana campus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC).
 The Bank of Mauritius Tower is a skyscraper which is located in Port Louis the capital of Mauritius. It is the country's tallest building when measured to roof at 98 m (321 ft) and to pinnacle at 124 m (407 ft). The 16834 m² reinforced concrete structure which dominates the city's skyline reached its final height in May 2006. The 22 storeyed building towers over the Citadel (a hill-top fortification in Port Louis) and is constructed in an area where highrises were once prohibited.
 Bellefields is a manor house located in Croom Prince George's County Maryland. It was constructed about 1720. It is a brick structure in Flemish bond with random glazed headers and two stories over a high basement. The structure is rectangular with gabled roof sections paired interior end chimneys a front center entrance wide raised belt course above the first floor flat arched openings and flanking symmetrical single-story wings. It is in the Georgian style.
 The Museum for East Texas Culture is a museum in Reagan Park in Palestine Texas.The building was built in 1915 as Palestine High School. It opened in 1916 and graduated its first class in 1917. In 1939 it became a junior high school and was named the Reagan School after John H. Reagan in 1955. It became an elementary school in 1966 and closed in 1976. It opened as the current museum in 1982.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Palestine High School in 1986.
 Pleasington Priory or the Church of St Mary and St John Baptist is a Roman Catholic church in the village of Pleasington Lancashire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner describes it as being an astonishing church and the listing in the National Heritage List for England states it is an exceptional form of Catholic chapel for the period before Emancipation.
 Gov. Samuel Price House also known as The Preston House is a historic home located at Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. It was built in the 1830s and is a two story brick dwelling on a cut stone foundation with a rectangular main section and ell on the western side. It has a hipped roof on the main section and gable roof on the ell.
 The Franciscan Center named to honor St. Francis of Assisi is located on east side of the Hillsborough River in the Riverside Heights residential area of Tampa Florida. The Center on 8-acre (32000 m2) is designed to be a spiritual retreat center for people of all faiths. It is considered in the same nonprofit category as a church.
 Todmorden Unitarian Church was a redundant Unitarian church which is located in Honey Hole Road Todmorden West Yorkshire England (grid reference SD935239) but it is now holding services again. It occupies an elevated position overlooking the town. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Historic Chapels Trust.
 Sant'Andrea Forisportam is a church building now deconsecrated in Pisa Tuscany Italy.A church on the site is documented as early as 1104 the name deriving from its location outside a gate of the walls of medieval Pisa. The church served as a parish church until 1839 under the jurisdiction of the church of San Pietro in Vinculis. In that year it was deconsecrated and used as a fish-market.
 The Castle of Almourol is a medieval castle located on a small islet in the middle of the Tagus River in the civil parish of Praia do Ribatejo 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the municipal seat of Vila Nova da Barquinha in the Portuguese Centre Region. The castle was part of the defensive line controlled by the Knights Templar and a stronghold used during the Portuguese Reconquista.
 The Daniel Hale Williams House is the former home of Dr. Daniel Hale Williams (1856-1931) one of the first major African American surgeons. Located at 445 East 42nd Street in Grand Boulevard community area of Chicago Illinois the building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 Basarab Tower is an elevator testing building in Bucharest. It has 23 floors.
 Rose Hill is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1800 and is a two story Federal style dwelling. It has a hipped roof crowned by a balustrade and symmetrically placed chimneys. It features a central front porch with Latticework decoration. It was built by Volkert Veeder agent for Stephen Van Rensselaer and active worker in colonizing the town.
 Lincoln Center is a multi-building office complex in Tigard Oregon United States. Opened in 1981 the six-building complex was built over a decade and includes the 12-story Lincoln Tower the tallest building in Washington County. Located on S.W. Greenburg Road at Oregon Route 217 Lincoln Center is adjacent to the Washington Square shopping mall in the Portland metropolitan area.
 McGilbert House is a building in Lufkin Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The John J. Michels House is a private house located at 1121 E. Houghton Avenue in Houghton Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1989 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 The Streamline Hotel located in Daytona Beach Florida is the recognized birthplace of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR). NASCAR founder Bill France Sr. and numerous drivers officials and promoters gathered in the Ebony Club (now the Penthouse Club) on the roof of the hotel on December 14 1947 that ended on February 21 1948 with the formation of NASCAR.
 The Maison des Rochers is located in the hamlet of Graufthal in the Eschbourg commune of the department of Bas-Rhin. These three semi-troglodyte rock houses were restored and refurbished with furniture and mementos of the past in 1958. They were included in the supplementary inventory of historical monuments in 1988.Today they are maintained by an association dedicated to their development and are open to visitors.
 Colquitt County Courthouse is an historic government building constructed in 1902 and located at Courthouse Square in Moultrie Georgia the seat of Colquitt County.The present Colquitt County Courthouse is the third courthouse to serve Colquitt County.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 18 1980.
 Severalls Hospital in Colchester Essex United Kingdom was a psychiatric hospital built in 1910 to the design of architect Frank Whitmore. It opened in May 1913.The 300-acre (1.2 km2) site housed some 2000 patients and was based on the Echelon plan - a specific arrangement of wards offices and services within easy reach of each other by a network of interconnecting corridors. This meant that staff were able to operate around the site without the need to go outside in bad weather.
 Dragon Centre (Chinese: 西九龍中心) is a nine-storey shopping centre in the Sham Shui Po district of Kowloon Hong Kong; it was the largest in West Kowloon until the Elements opened its doors in above the Kowloon MTR Station.
 Grimm 31 was a Hamburg merchant's house on the island of Grimm in the center of Hamburg Germany.The house was built in the first half of the 16th Century and destroyed in 1943 by bombs. It is known mainly for its ornate wooden ceiling from the second half of the 17th Century which has been in the Hamburg History Museum since 1922. The ceiling was commissioned by the then owner the merchant Christian Hasenbank.
 The Ezra Wood-Levi Warner Place is an historic house at 165 Depot Road in Westminster Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house now an ell attached to the rear of the main block was built in 1759 by Nathaniel Merrill. In 1803 the property was acquired by Ezra Wood who built the main house a 2.5 story wood frame building with a massive central chimney. The property was purchased by Rev.
 D. W. Voorhies House is a house in St. Martinville Louisiana. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 16 2008.The house was built in 1903 with many decorative features all of which survive although one the front door was moved to a different location in the house.
 Markabygda Church (Norwegian: Markabygda kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Markabygda. The church is part of the Markabygd parish in the Sør-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden church building was constructed by the architect Ole Andresen in 1887. The church seats about 170 people.
 The Howes Building is a building in Clinton Iowa. It was constructed by Edward Madison Howes (March 11 1855 - February 9 1936). His architect was Josiah Rice for the first three stories finished in 1900 and John Morrell for the fourth story finished in 1905.
 The Heaven's Peak Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The one-story timber-construction structure with a flat roof was built in 1945. The flat overhanging roof is anchored to the stone foundation with cables.The lookout was to be built in 1940 by local contractor Ole Norden as part of a Public Works Administration project.
 Jonathan Sturges House is an early and well-preserved nineteenth century gothic revival cottage. It was designed by Joseph Collins Wells and built in 1840. Jonathan Sturges was a business man and patron of the arts. He was also the grandson of Jonathan Sturges a member of the Continental Congress.The house was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1994.
 MAG 214 Tower is a 40-storey 155 m (509 ft) skyscraper in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates completed in 2007. MAG is the abbreviation for Maofaq Al Gaddah.
 T. B. Blackstone Memorial Library is a building that is part of the Chicago Public Library System and is named after Timothy Blackstone. The building was designed by Chicago architect Solon S. Beman. It is now known as the Chicago Public Library - Blackstone Branch and commonly referred to as Blackstone Library or Blackstone Branch and sometimes Blackstone for short. The Concord Granite building's two-year construction started in 1902 and it was dedicated on January 8 1904.
 The Grantsville First Ward Meetinghouse at 297 Clark St. in Grantsville Utah is a Latter Day Saint meeting house which was built in 1865-1866. It was a work of Scottish immigrant Hugh Alexander Ross Gillespie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982; the listing did not include a 1952 addition to the building.It is notable as one of few LDS meetinghouses built with adobe and having Greek Revival styling that still survive.
 The Western Zhou Yan State Capital Museum (西周燕都遗址博物馆) is an archaeological museum in southwestern Beijing Municipality at the site of the capital of the ancient State of Yan during the Western Zhou Dynasty. The site is located in Dongjialin Village just north of Liulihe Township in Fangshan District 43 km (27 mi) south of Beijing's city centre.
 La Perla Spa is a seaside resort created by the unification of five smaller spas along La Perla beach in Mar del Plata Argentina. The architectural project was designed by Clorindo Testa and completed in 1985.
 The Chicago Milwaukee St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Station also known as the Milwaukee Road Depot is a railroad depot located at 219 West Fourth Avenue in Menominee Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1977.
 St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 457 Monmouth Street in The Village Section of Jersey City Hudson County New Jersey United States.
 The Emerson Apartments located in northeast Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ground Kontrol is a video game arcade and bar in Portland Oregon United States. Recognized as one of the best arcades in the US it is known for preserving games from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games. It also serves as a venue for DJs and live music. Also of note is its collection of 28 pinball tables.
 The Fairmont Royal York Hotel formerly the Royal York Hotel and still often so called is a large and historic hotel in downtown Toronto Ontario Canada at 100 Front Street West. Opened on June 11 1929 the Royal York was designed by Ross and Macdonald (with Sproatt and Rolph) and built by the Canadian Pacific Railway across the street from Union Station.
 The Magnolia Hotel is a hotel located at 1100 Texas Avenue in downtown Houston Texas. It was the tallest building in Houston from 1926 to 1927. The building once served as headquarters for the Shell Oil Company and later home to The Houston Post-Dispatch.
 Royal Park Psychiatric Hospital commonly known as Royal Park is a former Receiving House and Psychiatric Hospital located in Parkville. Operating for over 90 years Royal Park Hospital was the first psychiatric hospital established in Victoria after the Lunacy Act of 1903 and was intended for patients with curable disorders.
 Trichur Heart Hospital is a 500-bedded super speciality hospital situated in Thrissur city of Kerala state. It is equipped with most modern cardiac catheterisation lab ensuring detailed study of chambers valves coronary arteries and blood flow details. The hospital specializes in neurology general medicine general surgery orthopaedics gynaecology anaesthesiology neonatology pathology and histo-pathology dermatology and physiotherapy.
 The 1812 Homestead Farm and Museum sometimes known as the 1812 Homestead or the 1812 Homestead Inn is a historic house located in Willsboro New York that currently operates as a living history museum.Originally constructed in 1813 as an inn the homestead now offers tours and programming allowing the visitors to experience what life was like at that time and educates visitors on 19th Century heritage. It is also the current home of the Burt School which was originally located in Essex.
 Cochecton Center Methodist Episcopal Church also known as Cochecton Center Community Center is a historic Methodist Episcopal church on Skipperene Road in Cochecton Center Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1892 and is a small rectangular wood frame building with clapboard siding on an ashlar foundation and a steep gable roof. It features a three stage corner entrance tower surmounted by a tall spire.
 The US 12 Bridges are two bridges carrying U.S. Route 12 (US 12) over Interstate 94 (I-94) and the westbound I-94 ramp in Dearborn Michigan. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Caledonia Farm also known as Fountain Hall is a historic home located at Flint Hill Rappahannock County Virginia. It was built about 1812 and is a two-story three bay Federal style stone dwelling. The original stone kitchen was connected to the north end of the house in the 1960s. The property also includes the contributing Dearing family cemetery.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Farmacia Serra is a building in Bayamón Puerto Rico built in 1910. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 House with Chimaeras or Gorodetsky House (Ukrainian: Будинок з химерами Budynok z khymeramy; Russian: Дом с химерами Dom s khimerami) is an Art Nouveau building located in the historic Lypky neighborhood of Kiev the capital of Ukraine. Situated across the street from the President of Ukraine's office at No. 10 Bankova Street the building has been used as a presidential residence for official and diplomatic ceremonies since 2005.
 The Portland Garden Club is a historic building located in Portland Oregon United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Oxford Horse Barn built in 1887 is located near Laramie Wyoming in Albany County Wyoming. It is one of the oldest and largest existing barns in Albany County. The barn in an excellent example of vernacular architecture as influenced by the English cattle and horse ranchers which immigrated to the American West. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Church of St Michael and All Angels Beckwithshaw North Yorkshire England also known as Beckwithshaw Church is an Anglican church built and furnished between 1886 and 1887 by William Swinden Barber in the Gothic Revival style as part of the Arts and Crafts movement. The stained glass windows in the same style were added in 1892.
 The Prince Charles Hospital is a major teaching hospital in Brisbane's northside with an emphasis in cardiac and respiratory medicine and cardio-thoracic surgery. It also has geriatric and rehabilitation services elective orthopaedic services and cardiothoracic services an in-patient psychiatric unit and a 16 bed palliative care unit. In 2007 a major upgrade of the hospital was completed and general medical and general surgical services have been introduced in a newly constructed building.
 Henry W. Livingston House also known as The Hill is a historic home located at Livingston in Columbia County New York. It was built in 1803 is a massive two story brick dwelling coated in stucco. It has a three-bay central block with wings that terminate in octagons. The central block features curved bays and a two-story portico with four Ionic order columns and cut stone stylobate.
 The Humboldt County Courthouse is a courthouse in Winnemucca Nevada the county seat of Humboldt County Nevada which dates from 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19 1983.
 For the theater in London see Folly TheatreThe Standard Theatre now known as the Folly Theater and also known as the Century Theater and Shubert's Missouri is a former vaudeville hall in downtown Kansas City Missouri. Built in 1900 it was designed by Kansas City architect Louis S. Curtiss. The theater was associated with the adjoining Edward Hotel (known later as the Hotel Missouri) which was also designed by Curtiss; the hotel was demolished in 1965.
 The Deira Twin Towers (Arabic: ديرة البرجين التوأمين‎) also known as the Dubai Twin Towers or Rolex Towers are located in eastern Dubai United Arab Emirates in Deira. The buildings form part of Dubai's old downtown along the Dubai Creek in the locality of Rigga Al Buteen. The Twin Towers constructed on April 16th 1998 are multi-use buildings and contain a shopping centre a residential tower and an office tower.
 Polesworth Abbey was a Benedictine nunnery in Polesworth North Warwickshire England.
 Bohemia Farm also known as Milligan Hall is a historic home located on the Bohemia River at Earleville Cecil County Maryland. It is a five bays wide Flemish bond brick Georgian style home built about 1743. Attached is a frame 19th century gambrel-roof wing. The house interior features elaborate decorative plasterwork of the Rococo style and the full Chinese Chippendale staircase.
 The IBM Building is a skyscraper in the Central Business District of Johannesburg South Africa. It was built in 1976 to a height of 91 metres. The building was initially built to house the South African headquarters of IBM but after IBM moved their headquarters to Sandton the building is unoccupied as of 2005.
 The Church of the Holy Cross is an historic church built in the early 1850s in Stateburg in the High Hills of Santee near Sumter South Carolina. Located on land donated earlier by General Thomas Sumter a resident of Stateburg its walls were constructed of rammed earth. Across the road from the church is Borough House Plantation the home of Dr. William Wallace Anderson chairman of the committee that built the church. In 1820 Dr.
 The Buffalo Bill Museum located in LeClaire Iowa is focused on life along the Mississippi River and local history. One exhibit is the Lone Star a wooden paddlewheel steam-powered towboat that is housed in a special pier. Local history exhibits include the story of famous people from LeClaire including American West showman Buffalo Bill Cody engineer James Buchanan Eads and inventor James Ryan.
 Cevahir Towers (Macedonian: Кули Џевахир / Kuli Dzhevahir; also known as Macedonian: Џевахир Тауерс / Dzhevahir Tauers) is a tallest-to-be building complex in Skopje as well as on the whole territory of Macedonia. The construction of the complex started in 2011 and is expected to finish in 2016.The investor of the Towers is the Turkish company Cevahir Holding through its Macedonian subsidiary Turk-Mak.
 The World Forestry Center is a nonprofit educational institution in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located near the Oregon Zoo in Washington Park the organization was established in 1964[citation needed] as the Western Forestry Center with the actual building opening in 1971.
 Craigdarroch Castle in Victoria British Columbia is a historic Victorian-era Scottish Baronial mansion. The mansion was designated a National Historic Site of Canada due to its landmark status in Victoria.
 Spencer Plaza is a shopping mall located on Anna Salai in Chennai Tamil Nadu India and is one of the modern landmarks of the city. Originally built during the period of the British Raj and reconstructed in 1985 on the site of the original Spencer's departmental store it is the oldest shopping mall in India and one of the biggest shopping malls in South Asia when it was built.
 The Thorn House is a historic house located at 87 E. St. Charles Street in San Andreas California. The house which was built circa 1857 was designed in the Carpenter Gothic style. The design features decorative bargeboards a steeply sloping roof a porch with a second floor veranda and nine French doors opening to the outside. The brick used to build the house was imported from Stockton. The house also includes a landscaped garden covering nearly 3 acres (1.2 ha).
 This article relates to Bedford Hospital in England. For Bedford Hospital in South Africa please see Bedford Provincial Hospital (Eastern Cape).Bedford Hospital NHS Trust is a 400-bed district general hospital located in the English town of Bedford serving north and mid Bedfordshire.The hospital provides services to 270000 people living in north and mid Bedfordshire. It has been one of the top 40 hospitals in the UK as recognised by CHKS Ltd for the last ten years (2003–present).
 The Meyer Theatre is a theater located in Green Bay Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 George Wilson Homestead is a historic home located at Halfmoon Township Centre County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1810 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay limestone and sandstone dwelling with a medium pitch gable roof. The house measures 40 feet by 25 feet and is in the Georgian style. A 1 1/2-story 16 feet square addition was built about 1870. Also on the property are a number of contributing outbuildings including the barn (c.
 The Sydney Mint in Sydney Australia is the oldest public building in the Sydney Central Business District. Built between 1811 and 1816 as the southern wing of the Sydney Hospital it was then known as the Rum Hospital. In 1854 a mint was established on the site with the hospital building used to house mint staff as well as providing a residence for the Deputy Mint Master. A coining factory was built at the rear.
 Burnsville Bridge is a historic Pratt-Through Truss bridge located at Burnsville Braxton County West Virginia. It was built in 1893 by the Variety Iron Works Company or Cleveland Ohio and crosses the Little Kanawha River. It consists of two Truss spans and one girder span. The three spans are 44 feet 138 feet 3 inches and 23 feet 9 inches. The structure is supported on two stone piers and a stone abutment.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Lakewood Church is a nondenominational Christian megachurch located in Houston Texas. It is the largest congregation in the United States averaging more than 43500 in attendance per week. The 16800-seat Lakewood Church Central Campus home to four English language services and two Spanish language services per week is located at the former Compaq Center. Joel Osteen is the senior pastor of Lakewood Church with his wife Victoria who serves as co-pastor.
 The Château de Fère-en-Tardenois is a ruined castle in the commune of Fère-en-Tardenois in the Aisne département of France.Construction of the original castle bagan in 1206. Little of that remains today. It had seven towers on an enormous artificial motte whose slopes were covered in slabs of sandstone and served as a model for numerous other castles. The connétable Anne de Montmorency companion of Francis I transformed the castle around 1528.
 The Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians (Italian: Santuario di Maria Ausiliatrice) is a church in Turin northern Italy.
 The Holyoke Mall at Ingleside (a.k.a. Holyoke Mall) is a shopping mall located in Holyoke Massachusetts that serves the Springfield metropolitan area. It features nearly 200 stores a large food court and several restaurants.
 The Hibernian Block was a historic commercial building at 345-349 Worthington Street in downtown Springfield Massachusetts. It was built in 1910 for the Ancient Order of Hibernians an Irish Catholic fraternal organization. The building had a distinctive Classical Revival styling using brick piers instead of columns between its large glass windows. The Hibernians used the top floor as a meeting hall and rented out the lower floors to other businesses.
 Sri Atmananda Memorial School was a private school that for sixteen years (1995-2011) was located in a historic property north and east of the Hyde Park neighborhood of Austin Texas.The founding director of the school was Pattye Henderson whose family had previously owned the school site an historic mansion and 10-acre (40000 m2) campus at 4100 Red River Street in Austin Texas originally owned by cotton entrepreneur E.H. Perry and his family.
 Saint Anthony Cathedral Basilica in Beaumont Texas is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Beaumont.
 The Old West Church at 131 Cambridge Street is a historic church located in the West End of Boston built in 1806 to designs by architect Asher Benjamin. It was here that the phrase no taxation without representation was first coined.The first church on this site was built in 1737 as a wood-frame building and was occupied as a barracks by British troops during their occupation of the city prior to the American Revolution.
 The Archaeological Site of Senhor dos Mártires (Portuguese: Estação Arqueológica do Senhor dos Mártires) is an archaeological site associated with Greek interventions in the Alentejo in civil parish of Santa Maria do Castelo municipality of Alcácer do Sal.
 Gloucester Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity in Gloucester England stands in the north of the city near the River Severn. It originated in 678 or 679 with the foundation of an abbey dedicated to Saint Peter (dissolved by King Henry VIII).
 The Langlade County Courthouse is Langlade County Wisconsin's historic courthouse located in Antigo the county seat. The courthouse was built in 1905 by the architectural firm Kinney & Detweiler replacing the first courthouse which was built in 1882. The building was built in the Classical Revival style and includes murals by Swedish artist Axel E. Soderberg. In 2000 a glass addition was put on the building.
 Lehigh Valley Railroad Headquarters Building also known as the Conrail Building is a historic office building located at Bethlehem Northampton County Pennsylvania. It is a red brick building set on a stone masonry base. The building was built by the Lehigh Valley Railroad in two stages; the ground through third floors were constructed in 1885-1886 and the upper floors and western wing were added in 1889-1890. The building's style reflects Late Victorian Gothic and Queen Anne influences.
 Old Stone Warehouse is a historic warehouse building located at Rochester in Monroe County New York. It was built in 1822 and is a four story trapezoidal building with six story addition built of Medina sandstone. It was built by Myron Holley and was located on the Erie Canal. During the mid 19th century it was used as a foundry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Elmwood is a historic home located at Culpeper Culpeper County Virginia. It was built between 1870 and 1874 and is a three-story double-pile brick dwelling in the Italianate style. It has a central hall plan with a central hall stairway. Also on the property are the contributing outdoor kitchen and smokehouse. The interior features well-preserved interior mural paintings by the well-known local artist Joseph Oddenino.
 St Cynhaearn's Church Ynyscynhaearn is a redundant church standing in an isolated position on a former island in Llyn (Lake) Ystumllyn 900 metres (980 yd) south of the village of Pentrefelin Gwynedd Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade II* listed building. The church is approached from the village by an ancient causeway and is in the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
 The Liberty Building is a 12 story high-rise located in Des Moines Iowa. It has been a downtown landmark since 1923. The Liberty Building is located at the SW corner of 6th Avenue and Grand Avenue in the heart of downtown Des Moines. The building was originally home to Bankers Life Insurance & WHO (AM) Radio. The building consists of retail office and residential spaces. In 2006 Nelson Construction and K.C. Holdings completely rehabilitated the building.
 Bryn Du Mansion is a historic house in Granville a village in Licking County Ohio United States. The estate is owned by the village and is on the National Register of Historic Places. The mansion consists of 52 rooms and has 12 fireplaces. It occupies a site about one-quarter mile north of Newark-Granville Road and one mile directly east of the village of Granville.
 The J. C. Adams Stone Barn is a historic Romanesque Revival barn constructed of stone and wood located about 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of the town of Sun River Montana in the United States. It is just south of U.S. Route 89. It is the only Romanesque Revival stone barn in the United States located west of the Mississippi River.
 The Van Wyck Homestead Museum or Van Wyck-Wharton House is an early 18th-century Dutch colonial house in the Town of Fishkill New York United States of America. It served as a headquarters to a major military supply depot during the American Revolutionary War and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 13 1972.It is located on US 9 just south of Interstate 84.
 The Other C. Wamsley House built in 1909 is an historic octagon house located at 200 North 5th Street in Hamilton Montana United States. On August 26 1988 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The John B. Castleman Monument within the Cherokee Triangle of Louisville Kentucky was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS.It honors John Breckinridge Castleman who was a Confederate officer during the American Civil War and later an U.S.
 Brown's Arcade is a historic retail and office building located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It consists of four early 19th century brick rowhouses. Architect Henry F. Brauns redesigned a row of four three story buildings in 1904 into the original Brown’s Arcade with the application of Colonial Revival details over the original Federal-style façade. It was converted to a series of small shops; bordering a straight central walkway with offices above.
 The Apple Pan is a restaurant (opened in 1947) locally famous for its hamburgers and apple pies served with vanilla ice cream. It consists of a single U-shaped counter surrounding the central food preparation area. The Zagat Survey features The Apple Pan in various Top Lists including Burgers Tops and Best Buys.In addition to being one of Los Angeles’ oldest continuing operating restaurants The Apple Pan is notable as the basis for the popular Johnny Rockets chain of restaurants.
 The Union Congregational Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style United Church of Christ church building located at 302 St. Clair Abrams Avenue in Tavares Florida. The congregation was organized in 1885 and the church was built on land donated by the founder of Tavares Major Alexander H. St. Clair Abrams. The building was expanded in 1988.
 Square Tavern also known as the John West House The Square and Newtown Square Tavern is a historic tavern located at Newtown Square Delaware County Pennsylvania. The original section was completed in 1742 and is a 2 1/2-story rectangular gable roofed brick building measuring 32 feet wide and 28 feet deep. A small two-story kitchen addition was built sometime before 1798 and later replaced with a two-story wing.
 The Circus World Museum is a large museum complex in Baraboo Wisconsin devoted to circus-related history. The museum which features not only circus artifacts and exhibits but also hosts daily live circus performances throughout the summer is owned by the Wisconsin Historical Society and operated by the non-profit Circus World Museum Foundation. The museum was the major participant in the Great Circus Parade held from 1963 to 2009.
 St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church building located at 404 DeSmet Street now 312 2nd Avenue South West in Rugby Pierce County North Dakota. Designed in the Late Gothic Revival style of architecture by noted Grand Forks architect Joseph Bell DeRemer it was built in 1903 to 1905 of local fieldstone with concrete mortar and wooden gables and roof.
 The Mawavi Historic District Chopawamsic RDA Camp 2 near Triangle Virginia dates from 1942.
 The Masonic Temple in Atoka Oklahoma is a historic building from 1915. Originally constructed as a meeting hall for a local area Masonic lodge it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The lodge now meets elsewhere in the town and today the building is a hospice.The building has stained glass windows in its third story and is regarded as unique architecturally in its community. At the time of NRHP listing it was regarded as a prime candidate for restoration.
 Seay's Chapel Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located near Palmyra Fluvanna County Virginia. It was built between 1893 and 1902 and is a one-story 30 feet by 40 feet vernacular Gothic Revival / Carpenter Gothic style chapel. It features a slate gable roof with ornamental wooden brackets under the eaves and along the gables and a rectangular wooden panel design in the front and rear gables.
 The Benjamin Ogle Tayloe House is a Federal-style house located at 21 Madison Place NW in Washington D.C. in the United States. The house is on the northeast corner of Madison Place NW and Pennsylvania Avenue NW directly across the street from the White House and the Treasury Building. Built in 1828 by Benjamin Ogle Tayloe son of Colonel John Tayloe III (who built the famous Octagon House) the house became a salon for politically powerful people in the federal government.
 Egmore Museum established in 1851 is located in Egmore Chennai. Known as the Madras Museum the museum is the second oldest museum in India the first being the Indian Museum at Kolkata started in 1814. It is also one of the largest museums in South Asia.[citation needed] It is particularly rich in archaeological and numismatic collections. It has the largest collection of Roman antiquities outside Europe. Many of the buildings within the Museum campus are over 100 years old.
 The Jay Dee is a Chesapeake Bay log canoe built in 1931 by John B. Harrison in Tilghman Maryland She is 35 feet 6 inches (10.82 m) long with a beam of 8 feet 6 inches (2.59 m) and built of five logs. She is one of the last 22 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay racing log canoes that carry on a tradition of racing on the Eastern Shore of Maryland which has existed since the 1840s. She is located at St.
 Woodside Omega Transmitter (station G now Woodside VLF transmitter) near Woodside Victoria Australia uses an umbrella antenna carried by a 432 metres (1417 ft) tall grounded lattice steel guyed mast. Unlike many of the other Omega Transmitters Woodside is not a hot tower that is one which is insulated from a ground connection by large ceramic insulators that support the entire weight of the structure.
 St. Elizabeth's Medical Center (SEMC) (more often called St.
 The Royal Ottawa Mental Health Centre also known as ROMHC or The Royal (formerly known as Royal Ottawa Hospital) is a 284-bed 400000 square-foot mental health facility located in Ottawa Ontario Canada.
 The Mimico Correctional Centre was a provincial medium-security correctional facility for adult male inmates serving a sentence of 2-years-less-a-day or less in Ontario Canada. Its history can be traced back to 1887. The Mimico Correctional Centre is one of several facilities operated by the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services (Ontario) and was located at 130 Horner Avenue in the district of Etobicoke which is now a part of Toronto Ontario Canada.
 Mount Zion Cemetery is a Freedman's cemetery located at 27th Street and Q Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Georgetown neighborhood.
 Vitebsk Television Tower (Belarusian: Віцебская тэлевізійная вежа) also known as Viciebsk Vitsebsk or Vitsyebsk TV Tower is a 244 m (801 ft) tall steel Belarusian lattice television tower that is located in the city of Vitebsk in Belarus thus the name.
 Ikegami Honmon-ji (池上本門寺) is a temple of the Nichiren Shū south of Tokyo erected where Nichiren is said to have died. Also Nichiren's disciple Nikkō spent the rest of his life at this temple. The temple grounds also include Nichiren Shū's administrative headquarters.A short walk from Ikegami Station (Tōkyū Ikegami Line) or Nishi-Magome Station (Toei Asakusa Line) Ikegami Honmon-ji contains a number of buildings most of which have been reconstructed since the bombing of 15 March 1945.
 The Beylerbeyi Palace (Turkish: Beylerbeyi Sarayı Beylerbeyi meaning Lord of Lords) is located in the Beylerbeyi neighbourhood of Istanbul Turkey at the Asian side of the Bosphorus. An Imperial Ottoman summer residence built in the 1860s it is now situated immediately north of the 1973 Bosphorus Bridge.
 Elston Chapel is a redundant Anglican church to the northeast of the village of Elston Nottinghamshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a field and is described as a solitary barn-like chapel.
 The Château du Clos Lucé (or simply Clos Lucé) is a small château in the city of Amboise France. The place is famous for being the official residence of Leonardo da Vinci between 1516 and 1519. Clos Lucé is located at 500 metres from the royal Château d'Amboise to which it is connected by an underground passageway. Built by Hugues d'Amboise in the middle of the fifteenth century it was acquired in 1490 by Charles VIII of France for his wife Anne de Bretagne.
 The former Innis Dye Works factory is located along North Water Street in Poughkeepsie New York United States on a triangular lot between the street Fallkill Creek and the railroad tracks of the Metro-North Hudson Line just across from the Mid-Hudson Children's Museum. It has served a variety of industrial functions and remains in good condition today.It is a three-story twelve-bay structure with a raised basement.
 St George & St Shenouda Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: Ϯⲉⲕ'ⲕⲗⲏⲥⲓⲁ ⳿ⲛⲣⲉⲙ⳿ⲛⲭⲏⲙⲓ ⳿ⲛⲟⲣⲑⲟⲇⲟⲝⲟⲥ ⲫⲏⲉⲑⲟⲩⲁⲃ Ⲅⲉ⳿ⲱⲣⲅⲓⲟⲥ ⲛⲉⲙ ⲫⲏⲉⲑⲟⲩⲁⲃ Ϣⲉⲛⲟⲩϯ // transliteration: ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Gewargios nem fi.ethowab shenouty) is the second Coptic Orthodox church that was established in Jersey City New Jersey. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
 City Centre Plaza is the second largest shopping centre in Rockhampton Queensland Australia. It is located on the fringe of Rockhampton City on the corner of Fitzroy and Bolsover Streets.
 The British Columbia Parliament Buildings are located in Victoria British Columbia Canada and are home to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.The Speaker and the Sergeant-At-Arms are amongst those responsible for the legislative precinct which by statute include the Parliament Buildings and grounds.The Neo-baroque buildings face north on Belleville street facing the Inner Harbour and diagonally across from The Empress Hotel.
 The Ozurgeti History Museum is a historical-ethnographic museum located in Ozurgeti. It is the biggest museum in the Guria region.
 The Meinong Hakka Culture Museum (Chinese: 美濃客家文物館; pinyin: Měinóng Kèjiā Wénwùguǎn) is a cultural museum in Meinong District Kaohsiung Taiwan.
 The Westgate Shopping Centre (aka the Westgate Centre and just Westgate) is a shopping centre in central Oxford England. It was built between 1970–2 designed by the City Architect Douglas Murray and built by Taylor Woodrow. Excavations for the service basements destroyed evidence for over a twentieth of the remains of the original medieval town.
 Store Magleby Church (Danish: Store Magleby Kirke) is a church in Store Magleby now part of Dragør on the southern part of Amager in the outskirts of Copenhagen Denmark.
 Moscow Design Museum is a private cultural organization founded in May 2012.
 Salem First United Methodist Church is a Methodist congregation and historic church in Salem Oregon United States. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its original name First Methodist Episcopal Church of Salem in 1983. First United is the oldest Methodist church west of the Rocky Mountains and is a designated United Methodist Heritage Landmark.
 St John's Hospital is the main general hospital in Livingston West Lothian Scotland. Located in the Howden area of the town it serves Livingston west Edinburgh and the wider West Lothian region. St John's is one of three hospitals run by NHS Lothian which have accident and emergency services. St John's has special status as a teaching hospital for the University of Edinburgh Medical School.
 The Woodbury Fisk House (also known as Yarmolovich residence and the John A. Armstrong House) is a large home in the Marcy Holmes neighborhood of Minneapolis Minnesota. A native of Maine John A. Armstrong came to Saint Anthony via the California gold rush using his capital to build a lumbering operation in the Rum River valley. He also became sheriff of Hennepin County in 1860 the year in which this house was probably begun. Woodbury Fisk later obtained the home.
 Gov. Simon Snyder Mansion is a historic home located at Selinsgrove in Snyder County Pennsylvania. It is a 2 1⁄2-story stone house built in the early 19th century. It features a gable roof and two gable end chimneys. The building suffered a fire in 1874 after which a Victorian style porch and bay window were added. It was the home of the third Governor of Pennsylvania Simon Snyder (1759–1819).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Hood monument is a memorial column to Sir Samuel Hood on a hill near Butleigh in the parish of Compton Dundon Somerset England. It was completed in 1831 to a design by Henry Goodridge.
 The South County Museum is a non-profit museum in Narragansett Rhode Island.
 235 Van Buren is a high-rise condominium building located in Chicago's Loop neighborhood near the Willis Tower and the 311 South Wacker Drive Building.
 Jones Chapel was a former Manhattan church located on East 64th Street New York City. The structure was a timber Greek Doric temple-style church with a prostyle tetra-style pedimented portico.
 The Old City Hall is located just north of downtown Davenport Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The George V. Doughty House and Garage are a historic house and garage located northeast of Jerome Idaho United States. The lava rock buildings were constructed in 1914 by stonemason H. T. Pugh for farmer George V. Doughty. The house's design includes a Colonial Revival style hipped roof and a bungalow style front porch.The house and garage were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Avant House is an historic house and site of the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribal Museum. It is located on Massachusetts Route 130 at Mill Pond in Mashpee Massachusetts.The house was built circa 1793 by the great-grandson of Richard Bourne a missionary who was one of Mashpee's first colonial settlers. For many years the house belonged to Mabel Avant a respected Wampanoag elder and tribal historian.
 The Combellack-Blair House is a historic house in the Gold Rush town of Placerville in El Dorado County California. The landmark house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on February 14 1985.
 The Battle Friedman House (also known as Battle House or Friedman Home) is an antebellum town home located in Tuscaloosa Alabama. The house was built in 1835 by Alfred Battle and his wife Millicent Battle. The house's grounds include the only remaining documented antebellum garden in the state the house itself is noted for its vernacular use of monumental boxed columns. The Battle family lived in the house until 1875 when the home was purchased by Bernard Friedman.
 The Gardens Mall is an upscale two-story enclosed shopping mall in Palm Beach Gardens Florida. Its anchors are Macy's Sears Bloomingdale's Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue and it features more than 160 specialty shops and restaurants.
 The Newton Lamson House is a historic house at 33 Chestnut Street in the Nobility Hill section of Stoneham Massachusetts. Built c. 1887 it is one of Stoneham's finest Queen Anne/Stick style houses. It has a rectangular plan with a gable roof that has a cross gable centered on the south side. The gable ends are clad in decorative cut shingles and the gables are decorated with Stick-style vergeboard elements. Below the eaves hangs a decorative wave-patterned valance.
 Fonda House is a historic home located at Cohoes in Albany County New York. It was built about 1727 and is a rectangular 1 1⁄2-story three-by-two-bay center entrance brick dwelling with a gambrel roof. It features a single-story wraparound porch.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 The Walton County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in DeFuniak Springs Florida. It is a contributing property in the DeFuniak Springs Historic District which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 28 1992.A new addition to the courthouse was opened in October 2007 and the original courthouse is being renovated.
 The Cathedral Church of the Holy Spirit Guildford is the Anglican cathedral at Guildford Surrey England designed by Sir Edward Maufe.
 Eagle Rock Community Cultural Center formerly known as the Eagle Rock Branch Library is a historic Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style building in Eagle Rock in north-central Los Angeles County California.
 The United States Post Office-Sewickley Branch at 200 Broad Street in Sewickley Pennsylvania was built in 1910. It was designed by architect James Knox Taylor (who was the Supervising Architect of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1897 to 1912). This classical revival styled building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 26 2012 and the List of Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks in 2000.
 St Mary's Church East Ruston is a redundant Anglican church in the village of East Ruston Norfolk England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in an isolated position on the east side of the B1159 road some 2 miles (3 km) north of Stalham. It is noted for its 15th-century painted and carved chancel screen.
 Columbia Center Mall is a shopping mall located in northwestern Kennewick Washington owned by Simon Property Group. It is the largest mall in southeastern Washington. Its anchors are Macy's JCPenney Sears and Toys 'R' Us. It opened in 1969. It has undergone two major renovations. In 1988 the expansion opened anchors Sears and Lamonts (now Macy's Men's and Children's).
 Longview is located in Gardner Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 5 1984.
 Unirea Shopping Center is a large shopping centre located in Unirii Square Bucharest Romania. Opened in 1976 and enlarged in 1989 it was the largest department store in Communist Romania. Converted in 1990's into a shopping centre the complex has a total area of 83971 square metres (903856 sq ft) and 1000 parking spaces.
 The Branciforte Adobe also known as the Craig-Lorenzana Adobe is the only remaining dwelling from the Villa de Branciforte the settlement that was established in 1797 at the time of the Mission Santa Cruz.The only remains from the settlement of the Villa de Branciforte is the two room Craig-Lorenzana Adobe which stands on the corner of Branciforte and Goss Avenues in Santa Cruz. It is the oldest single-family dwelling in Santa Cruz.
 Zion curtains are partitions unique to Utah restaurants that separate restaurant bartenders preparing alcoholic drinks from the customers who order them. These partitions are often made of frosted glass.
 The Coronado Theatre located at 314 North Main Street in Rockford Illinois is a 2400 seat theater designed by architect Frederic J. Klein.The theater cost $1.5 million to build and opened on October 9 1927.
 Eagle's Nest is a historic home located at Phoenix Baltimore County Maryland. It is a large fieldstone dwelling completed in 1802 on part of tract called Valley of Jehosaphat. The three-part house consists of: a tall 2 1⁄2-story 5-bay-long portion and two long 1 1⁄2-story portions.
 Sixhills Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire England.
 Overton Gymnasium is a historic gymnasium in Overton Nevada. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.The gymnasium was designed in the Italian Renaissance Revival style by Miles E. Miller in 1938-39 under the Public Works Administration program.
 The Seyed Bagher Ab anbar (Persian: آب‌انبار سید باقر‎) is a historical Ab anbar of Qajar dynasty that is located in city center of Bardaskan in Ghaem Avenue. This Ab anbar was added to the list of National Monuments of Iran As the 11034st monument.
 The Saint-Martin's Church (Sint-Maartenskerk in Dutch) is the main church and one of the principal Gothic monuments of Kortrijk Flanders Belgium. The church is dedicated to the saint Martin of Tours and was built between 1390 and 1466. This church was built after the devastation of the first gothic Saint Martin's church which was located at the place where before a Roman church stood (built in 650).
 110 Grant Apartments is a 303-ft (101 m) tall skyscraper in Minneapolis Minnesota. It was constructed from 1983–1985 and has 34 floors. It is the 28th tallest building in Minneapolis.
 The Oaks Centre is a shopping centre located on the edge of the town centre on the Oaks Road in Dungannon County Tyrone Northern Ireland. The centre opened in 1985 and then was redeveloped in 2008 with a new anchor tenant Sainsburys which replaced the previous anchor Curley's Supermarket and includes a 6 screen cinema.
 The House at 491 Prospect Street in Methuen Massachusetts is locally significant as an excellent example of a Shingle Style house of the type built for well-to-do businessmen in Methuen and Lawrence around the turn of the 20th century. The three story wood frame building was built c. 1900.
 Helianthushof was a restaurant located in Uden in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1998-2001.Owner and head chef of Helianthushof was Jannis Brevet.The restaurant lost its star in 2002 due to Brevet selling the restaurant in 2001 to take over Inter Scaldes in Kruiningen.
 The Hercules Pavilion (Danish: Herkulespavillonen) is a pavilion located in Rosenborg Castle Gardens in central Copenhagen Denmark. Its history dates back to the foundation of the park in 1606 but it was adapted to its current Neoclassical style by Caspar Frederik Harsdorff in 1773 after the gardens had been opened to the public. The pavilion takes its name from a statue of Hercules positioned in a deep niche in its facade.
 The Colorado National Monument Visitor Center Complex in Colorado National Monument is an example of the park services facilities designed and built as part of the Mission 66 program. The complex includes the visitor center designed by National Park Service architect Cecil J. Doty the Bookcliff Shelter designed by NPS architect Phil Romigh and the Canyon Rim Trail designed by NPS landscape architects Babbitt Hughes and built between 1963 and 1965.
 The Lombard Automobile Buildings located in northwest Portland Oregon are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Nellie L. Byrd is a Chesapeake Bay skipjack built in 1911 at Oriole Maryland. She is a 53.6' long two-sail bateau or V-bottomed deadrise type of centerboard sloop. She has a beam of 26.7' a depth of 4.8' and a net tonnage of 18 tons. She is one of the 35 surviving traditional Chesapeake Bay skipjacks and a member of the last commercial sailing fleet in the United States. When listed she was located at Tilghman Talbot County Maryland.
 Clark-Pratt House is a historic home located at Kenton Kent County Delaware. The house was built about 1880 and is a two-story five bay center hall frame dwelling in a combined Italianate / Gothic Revival style. It is sided in weatherboard and has a gable roof with cross-gable. Also on the property are a contributing summer kitchen privy and small barn/carriage house.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Matanaka Farm is near Waikouaiti in Otago New Zealand. The five buildings are the oldest surviving farm buildings that are still in their original position in the country. The farm is owned and administered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust and the buildings are registered as Category I and are considered historically outstanding.
 St Leonard's Church Balderstone is located in the village of Balderstone Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Whalley the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Ordway Building (also known as One Kaiser Plaza) is a skyscraper located in downtown Oakland California. The building lies close to Oakland's Lake Merritt and the tower contains 28 stories of office space. There are eight corner offices per floor since the skyscraper has a H-shaped floor plan.
 The Barnesville Historic District consists of the oldest part of Barnesville Ohio originally platted in 1808 and contains roughly 40 acres and 180 buildings. The district was added to the National Register on July 19 1984.
 The John C. Proctor Recreation Center was constructed in Peoria Illinois United States in 1913. The Classical Revival center was built per the provisions of its founders will John C. Proctor. It was designed by Hewitt & Emerson. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 6 1979.The building is a facility operated by the Peoria Parks District.
 The Jacob Shafer House is a Greek Revival farmhouse built in 1842 by Jacob Shafer a prominent resident of the Town of Montgomery in Orange County New York. It is a Registered Historic Place located on Kaisertown Road roughly a quarter-mile (400 m) south of NY 17K west of the village of Montgomery.
 The Church of Santa María de Sabada (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María de Sabada) is a church in Lastres Asturias Spain.
 The Alfred Phillips House is a historic house located at 404 N. Melvin St. in Gibson City Illinois. The 1903 Queen Anne house was designed by Bloomington architect George H. Miller. The front of the house features a Classical porch supported by Doric columns which was rebuilt in 1997. A large gable on the front facade is decorated with diamond-patterned wood shingles. The roof is composed of two hips and four cross gables including the one in front.
 The Standard Ice Company Building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located at 517 South Main Street in Stuttgart Arkansas.Constructed in 1926 the building is of the Spanish Revival style with a tile roof and glazed brick façade.The company manufactured blocks of ice for commercial and residential use and remained in business until 1978.As household refrigerators became widespread the facility was used to freeze and pack strawberries as well as process and freeze ducks killed by local hunters.
 Emmanuel Church is a historic church at 334 Columbus Avenue in Sandusky Ohio.It was built in 1866 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 375 Pearl Street also known as the Verizon Building and One Brooklyn Bridge Plaza is a 32-story telephone switching building at the Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridge.The building which appears windowless but has several 3-foot-wide slits (0.91 m) (some with glass) running up the building is featured in most photos of the bridge from the Brooklyn side. Verizon operations include a small DMS-100 switching system and a Switching Control Center System.
 The Ladies' Confederate Memorial is an American Civil War monument erected in 1874 in Lexington Cemetery in Lexington Kentucky. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1997 as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS. Unlike most Confederate monuments in Kentucky it represents grief rather than Southern patriotism.The Ladies Memorial and Monument Association was founded by the wife of John C.
 Sennett Federated Church and Parsonage is a historic church formed in 1929 from the combining of Baptist and Congregational churches located in the hamlet of Sennett in the town of Sennett in Cayuga County New York. Both congregations were committed to the abolition movement and to the Underground Railroad. The church was constructed in 1848 for the Congregational church and probably incorporates part of an earlier 1820 church building.
 Planet M is an Indian music retail store founded by The Times Group (BCCL). It was sold to Next Retail India Ltd. of Mumbai the retail arm of Videocon in November 2007. It is present in many cities (140-plus locations) all over India. These stores are mainly known for selling music and movies and related accessories. They also sell gaming consoles and handhelds like PlayStation Portable PS2 PS3 and Xbox 360. Planet M is also a new entrant in the mobile retail business.
 St George's Basilica is situated in the middle of Victoria the ancient Ħaġar – the capital of Gozo the second largest island in the Maltese archipelago and is surrounded by a maze of old narrow streets and alleys. Today's basilica was built between 1672 and 1678.
 The St. Mary's Covered Bridge also known as Shade Gap Covered Bridge and Huntingdon County Bridge No. 8 is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Cromwell Township in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania. It is a 65.25-foot-long (19.89 m) 16.5-foot-wide (5.0 m) Howe Truss bridge with cut stone abutments constructed in 1889. It crosses the Shade Creek. It is the only remaining covered bridge in Huntingdon County.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Saint Mary of the Assumption Church Rectory School and Convent is a historic church complex at 67 Harvard Street and 3 and 5 Linden Place in Brookline Massachusetts.The complex was built in 1880. It was designed in the Brick Gothic Revival and Late Gothic Revival styles by the architectural firm of Peabody and Stearns. The buildings were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Hans Schuler Studio and Residence is a historic home and artist studio located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an eclectic brick building constructed in two stages. The studio is one story high with a recessed skylight and was designed by Baltimore architect Howard Sill and constructed in 1906; the residence is two stories tall plus a high steep mansard story which was added in 1912.
 The Santo António Church (Portuguese: Igreja de Santo António de Lisboa) is located in Lisbon Portugal. It is dedicated to Saint Anthony of Lisbon wrongly known around the Christian world as Saint Anthony of Padua. According to tradition the church was built on the site where the saint was born in 1195. The church is classified as a National Monument.
 Blandy Experimental Farm Historic District is a national historic district located adjacent to The Tuleyries at Boyce Clarke County Virginia. It encompasses 15 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure.
 Hutchinson Farm is a historic farm in Elizabeth Township Allegheny County Pennsylvania. The farmhouse was built in 1865 in a vernacular Victorian style. The farm is adjacent to the Van Kirk Farm which is also listed on the National Register.The Hutchinson Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 19 1986.
 Leżajsk transmitter is a 130 metre guyed steel mast localisation of the Giedlarowa village near by Leżajsk.The object belongs to the INFO-TV-OPERATOR company.
 The Capt. John Brewer House is a historic house at 471 Main Road in Monterey Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1759 by John Brewer one of the first settlers in what is now Monterey. Brewer came to the area in response to an offer from the owners of the area to establish a mill in exchange for a large land grant.
 The Speyer Cathedral officially the Imperial Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption and St Stephen in Latin: Domus sanctae Mariae Spirae (German: Dom zu Unserer lieben Frau in Speyer) in Speyer Germany is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Speyer and is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Bamberg. The cathedral which is dedicated to St. Mary patron saint of Speyer (Patrona Spirensis) and St. Stephen is generally known as Kaiserdom zu Speyer (Imperial Cathedral of Speyer).
 This article is about the Church of the Holy Comforter in Brownsville Minnesota. For other uses see Church of the Holy Comforter (disambiguation).The Church of the Holy Comforter built in 1872 is an historic Carpenter Gothic church located on Main Street in Brownsville Minnesota on the west bank of the Mississippi River in the United States. It began as an Episcopal church but later became a Methodist Episcopal church. In the 1940s it became Emmanuel Lutheran Church.
 The First Congregational Church in Pueblo Colorado is a Gothic Revival style church building constructed in 1889. The building designed by Fred A. Hale and constructed in 1889 with Manitou sandstone includes a bell tower. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Reading Minster or the Minster Church of St Mary the Virgin as it is more properly known is the oldest ecclesiastical foundation in the English town of Reading. Although eclipsed in importance by the later Reading Abbey Reading Minster has regained its importance since the destruction of the Abbey and is now an Anglican parish church.The Minster Church of St Mary the Virgin should not be mistaken for the rather similarly named St Mary's Church Castle Street which is only a few yards away.
 Boxhill also called Winkworth is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview Kentucky a small city east of Louisville Kentucky. It was built in 1906 or 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.As with other nearby mansions such as Lincliff Boxhill reflects a period of Louisville history around the turn of the 20th century where wealthy Louisvillians built showcase homes along the Ohio River above Downtown Louisville.
 St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church in Liberty Sullivan County New York. It was built in 1908 and is a modest Late Gothic Revival style building. It is built of iron spot brick with limestone and terra cotta trim. It features a gable roofed nave with and engaged side entrance tower.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 The National Museum of Indonesia (Indonesian: Museum Nasional) is an archeological historical ethnological and geographical museum located in Jalan Medan Merdeka Barat Central Jakarta right on the west side of Merdeka Square. Popularly known as Elephant Building (Indonesian: Gedung Gajah) after the elephant statue in its forecourt. Its broad collections cover all of Indonesia's territory and almost all of its history.
 St George's House (sometimes known by locals as the Nestlé Tower) is a 79.20 m office tower located in Croydon United Kingdom. It was occupied by the Swiss multinational food and consumer goods company Nestlé as the headquarters of Nestlé UK & Ireland until September 2012.
 Congregational Church (First Congregational Church of Montclair) is a historic church at 42 S. Fullerton Avenue in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 St. Luke's Church is a historic church at 73 S. Fullerton Avenue in Montclair Essex County New Jersey United States.The church was built in 1889 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 Trinity Church on the Green or Trinity on the Green is a historic culturally and community-active parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut in New Haven Connecticut of the Episcopal Church. It is one of three historic churches on the New Haven Green.This landmark building in the Gothick style was designed by Ithiel Town in 1813 built between 1814 and 1815 and consecrated in 1816.
 Leland Tower is a twenty-two story tall building located on Stolp Island in Aurora Illinois. Stolp Island is recognized as a Historical District by the National Register of Historical Places.Leland Tower was at one time the tallest building in Illinois outside of Chicago and dominates the downtown of Aurora dwarfing all the other buildings located there. The tower was built initially as a hotel.
 Clarkson-Knowles Cottage is a historic home located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built about 1835 and is a 1 1⁄2-story five-bay residence constructed of red Potsdam Sandstone in the slab and binder style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Santa Maria Antiqua (English: Ancient Church of Saint Mary) is a Roman Catholic Marian church in Rome Italy built in the 5th century in the Forum Romanum and for a long time the monumental access to the Palatine imperial palaces.Located at the foot of the Palatine Hill Santa Maria Antiqua is the oldest Christian monument in the Roman Forum. The church contains the earliest Roman depiction of Santa Maria Regina the Virgin Mary as a Queen from the 6th century.
 St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in Pottsville Pennsylvania. It is located at Tenth & Mahantongo Streets. The current structure was built in 1872.
 The Astro Tower (French: Tour Astro Dutch: Astrotoren) is a skyscraper in Brussels Belgium. It is located on the northeast corner of the small ring in the municipality of Saint-Josse-ten-Noode just north of the Madou Plaza Tower. The Astro Tower is 107 metres (351 ft) tall making it one of the tallest buildings in Belgium. The financial firm Fortis has leased the entirety of the building from 2005 to 2011.
 The John Wells Jr. House is located in West Hartford Connecticut. The house was built in 1766 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 10 1986.
 The Government House (Thai: ทำเนียบรัฐบาล; RTGS: Thamniap Ratthaban) is the offices of the Prime Minister of Thailand and the appointed cabinet ministers. It also contains conference rooms and is used for state functions and receptions of foreign guests. It consists of several palace-like structures extending over 11 acres (45000 m2).
 The Kara Ahmet Pasha Mosque (Turkish: Kara Ahmet Paşa Camii) is an Ottoman mosque along the city walls in Istanbul Turkey.Kara Ahmet Pasha Mosque also known as Gazi Ahmet Paşa Camii is one of Mimar Sinan's lesser-known achievements. He built it in 1554 for Kara Ahmed Pasha a grand vizier of Suleiman the Magnificent (Turkish: Süleyman).
 Congregation Sherith Israel (loyal remnant of Israel) is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States. It was established during California’s Gold Rush period and reflects the ambitions of early Jewish settlers to San Francisco. Today it is a congregation widely known for its innovative approach to worship and lifecycle celebrations and is part of the movement of Reform Judaism.
 The Charles Lovejoy House is a historic house at 64 Broad Street in Lynn Massachusetts. The 25 story Colonial Revival mansion was built in 1893 for Doctor Charles Lovejoy one of the founders of Lynn Hospital. It features a Palladian entrance with pilasters topped by a triangular pediment surrounding a recessed entry.
 Allahuddins Building is a historic building located in Hyderabad. It is located at Begumpet.This building belongs to the family of Mr Ghulam Allauddin.The house of Allauddin and Sons stood as one of the most important house in the commercial world of the Nizam's Dominion.The plan of the building started in 1933 and was completed in 1934 during the reign of Mir Osman Ali Khan.
 The Città della Scienza (City of Science) museum is one of the museums of the city of Naples Italy. It was opened to public in 1996 and features various ares in which explore and learn about science natural phenomena and hosts a wide large number of science exhibits and culture events.
 Eastland Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Bloomington Illinois. Established in 1967 and expanded several times in its history the mall includes JCPenney Macy's Sears Bergner's and Kohl's with more than ninety inline tenants and a food court. The mall is owned and managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
 Gilbert Bridge also known as Hall Estate Bridge is a historic Pratt truss bridge in Monaghan Township York County Pennsylvania and Upper Allen Township Cumberland County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1899 and measures 102-foot-long (31 m) and 18-foot-wide (5.5 m) overall. The steel bridge was built by the Wrought Iron Bridge Company and crosses the Yellow Breeches Creek.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 CaixaForum Barcelona is an art gallery in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. It is sponsored by Barcelona bank la Caixa and opened in 2002 in a former factory.CaixaForum is located in the Montjuïc area on Avinguda de Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia. The museum houses art exhibits and is free to the public.
 St Nicholas is a church in St Nicholas Street Bristol England.The first church was founded before 1154 with a chancel extending over the south gate of the city. The gate and old church were demolished to make way for the rebuilding of Bristol Bridge and the church was rebuilt in 1762-9 by James Bridges and Thomas Paty who rebuilt the spire.
 The Conde-Charlotte House also known as the Kirkbride House is a historic house museum in Mobile Alabama United States. The earliest section of the building the rear kitchen wing was built in 1822. The main section of the house was added a few decades later and is two and a half floors. The entire structure is constructed of handmade brick with a smooth stucco plaster over the exterior.
 Reuter Dyer House is a historic home and farm complex located at Cape Vincent in Jefferson County New York. The limestone farmhouse was built about 1839 and has three sections: a 1 1⁄2-story three-bay main block; a 1-story side wing; and a 1-story wooden ell projecting from the wing. Also on the property are two 19th-century barns.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Great Hall of the People (simplified Chinese: 人民大会堂; traditional Chinese: 人民大會堂; pinyin: Rénmín Dàhuìtáng) is located at the western edge of Tiananmen Square Beijing People's Republic of China (PRC). It is used for legislative and ceremonial activities by the PRC and the Communist Party of China. It functions as the meeting place of the National People's Congress the Chinese parliament.
 Wales is a historic house and site in Dinwiddie County Virginia near Petersburg Virginia. It has a date of significance of 1730. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The area listed was 94 acres (38 ha) and includes four contributing buildings and two contributing structures.The main house is a five-part Palladian architecture composition. It's a historic plantation.
 Cooper Library in Johnson Park is located in the Cooper Grant Camden section of Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1916 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 11 1980. It is part of Rutgers-Camden.
 Paço de São Cristóvão (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpasu dʒi sɐ̃w kɾiʃˈtɔvɐ̃w] English: Palace of Saint Christopher; also known as Palácio Imperial or Palácio de São Cristóvão) is a palace located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in Rio de Janeiro Brazil. It is the former residence of the Emperors of Brazil. It currently houses the National Museum of Brazil.
 The Galfa Building or Galfa Tower (Torre Galfa in Italian) is a skyscraper in Milan Italy located in the Centro Direzionale di Milano district north of the city centre. It was designed by architect Melchiorre Bega in 1956 and completed in 1959. The name Galfa is a portmanteau derived from the names of the two streets where the tower has its facades Via Galvani and Via Fara.
 Phase 1 also known as The Phase is a lesbian bar and nightclub at 525 8th Street Southeast in Washington D.C. Located one block south of Pennsylvania Avenue SE near Eastern Market in the Capitol Hill neighborhood Phase 1 is the oldest continually operating lesbian bar in the United States and the oldest operating LGBT bar in Washington D.C.
 The Marble Collegiate Church founded in 1628 is one of the oldest continuous Protestant congregations in North America. The congregation which is part of the Reformed Church in America is now located at 272 Fifth Avenue at the corner of West 29th Street in the NoMad neighborhood of Manhattan New York City. It was built in 1851-54 and was designed by Samuel A. Warner in Romanesque Revival style with Gothic trim.
 Oklahoma Tower is a prominent skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City's central business district. It is 434 ft (132m) tall and has 31 floors. It was built in 1982.The tower is the fourth tallest building in Oklahoma City and 8th tallest in Oklahoma.
 The Arlington Reservoir is a large water storage tank located on Park Circle in Arlington Massachusetts. It was constructed by the Metropolitan Water Works (now MWRA) between 1921 and 1924 in the Classical Revival style to provide water storage for Northern Extra-High Service area consisting of Lexington and the higher elevations of Belmont and Arlington.
 The Jonas Cowdry House is a historic house at 61 Prospect Street in Wakefield Massachusetts. Built c. 1833 the Federal style wood frame house is three bays wide and four deep a significant local variant to conventional Federal style architecture. The house was built by Jonas Cowdry (or Cowdrey) son of Nathaniel Cowdry and descendant of William Cowdry one of the area's early (17th century) settlers.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Lucius Clapp Memorial is a historic memorial at 6 Park Street in Stoughton Massachusetts.The memorial was built in 1903 and added to the National Historic Register in 1992.
 The Francis Marion Stokes Fourplex is a historic residential building located in the Northwest district of Portland Oregon United States.
 Victoria General Hospital is an acute care facility located in View Royal British Columbia Canada a western suburb of Victoria. VGH as it is commonly known provides emergency general surgery and medical treatment services. It is one of two acute-care hospitals on southern Vancouver Island along with the Royal Jubilee Hospital.The facility has 344 Acute Care beds 30 Neuro-Rehabilitation beds and 40 Geriatric Ward beds.
 Curtis-Crumb Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Hilton in Monroe County New York. The farmouse was constructed in about 1845 and is a modest example of the rural Greek Revival style. The property also includes a carriage house a hog pen a smoke house a corn crib a 270-foot-long (82 m) stone wall a cedar split-rail fence and the remaining 141 acres (57 ha) of the original 145-acre (59 ha) farm.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Skagit Valley Hospital located in Mt. Vernon WA organized as a Public District operating in Skagit Valley Public Hospital District #1. The hospital was founded in 1958. The Hospital is overseen by a seven member Board of Commissioners elected by the district's constituents. On July 1 2010 Skagit Valley Hospital acquired Skagit Valley Medical Centera multi-specialty medical group with facilities in six locations in the Skagit Valley.
 Saints' Rest was the second building erected on the campus of the Agricultural College of the State of Michigan (now Michigan State University). It was built in 1856 and served as the school's only dormitory until 1870 when Williams Hall was completed. Along with College Hall and a horse barn it was one of three buildings completed when the college opened for classes in 1857.As the campus's only residence hall the building had no official name.
 Sabine Hall is a historic home located in Warsaw Richmond County Virginia. It was built between 1738 and 1742 and is a two-story brick and stone Georgian style manor house. It is flanked by later 1-1/2-story brick wings. The interior features a fully paneled central hall measuring 18 by 48 feet (5.5 by 14.6 m) and a carved walnut stairway. The house overlooks six gardened terraces and the Rappahannock River.
 Cira Centre South is a complex of two skyscrapers under construction in the University City district of Philadelphia Pennsylvania which is across the Schuylkill River from Center City Philadelphia. The location of the buildings is between Walnut Street and Chestnut Street south of 30th Street Station and the Old Post Office Building.The structure will consist of two towers the commercial Cira Walnut Tower and the residential Cira Chestnut Tower (also known as evo Cira Centre South).
 Oil Springs Methodist Church is a historic church at the junction of KY 580 and KY 40 in Oil Springs Kentucky.It was built in 1893 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 The David Collection (Danish: Davids Samling) is a museum of fine and applied art in Copenhagen Denmark built around the private collections of lawyer businessman and art collector C. L. David.The museum is particularly noted for its collection of Islamic art from the 8th to the 19th century which is one of the largest in Northern Europe.
 Wester Ogle is a historic home located at Pikesville Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a large Federal-influenced house constructed about 1842. It is constructed of stucco-covered stone and stands three stories high over an excavated basement three bays wide by one room deep. Also on the property are a 1 1⁄2-story stone-and-frame tenant house and the stone foundations of a 19th-century barn and a stable.
 First Parish Meetinghouse is a historic church on Oak Hill Road in Standish Maine.It was built in 1804 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The James Alexander Veasey House also known as the Veasey-Leach House is a Colonial Revival style house in Tulsa Oklahoma that was built in 1913. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 for its architectural significance as a local landmark example of the Colonial Revival style..It is included in the Buena Vista Park Historic District later listed on the NRHP.It was designed by local architect John T. Blair. The structure is a two-story Colonial Revival house.
 The Tower of Bank Markazi (Persian: برج بانک مرکزی‎) belongs to the Central Bank of Iran. This building was built in July 2005. It is a 74 metre high building in Tehran Iran. It is located in Mirdamad Boulevard.
 Conklin Farm is a historic farm complex located at Hounsfield in Jefferson County New York. The farm complex consists of a 2 1⁄2-story gable-front double-farmhouse horse barn milk house and garage. Also on the property are the ruins of a cow barn with attached silo and the ruins of a chicken coop.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Cadman-White-Handy House is a historic colonial American house at 202 Hixbridge Road in Westport Massachusetts.The house was built in 1710 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 The Fort Shopping Park is a shopping centre in Castle Bromwich near Birmingham West Midlands England. It was built on part of the former tyre factory of Dunlop Rubber.
 Vestre Jakobselv Church (Norwegian: Vestre Jakobselv kirke) is a parish church in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the village of Vestre Jakobselv. The church is part of the Vadsø parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1940 and it seats about 90 people.
 The Henry French House also known as the Salmon-French House is located in Jeffersonville Indiana within the Port Fulton area. It was next door to the Civil War Hospital in Port Fulton/Jeffersonville. It was built in Federal/Colonial Revival and was added in 1989 to the National Register of Historic Places due to its architecture and place in maritime history.
 The Captain Elisha Phelps House listed on the National Register of Historic Places was built by David Phelps in 1711. His son Elisha Phelps received the land from his father and expanded the house in 1771. Elisha Phelps along with his brother Noah Phelps and others took part in the capture of Fort Ticonderoga in 1775. Capt. Phelps was appointed as commissary of the Northern Department by the Continental Congress.The house was used as hotel named the Canal Hotel after the war of 1812.
 The Jesse James Home Museum is the house in St. Joseph Missouri where outlaw Jesse James was living and was gunned down on April 3 1882 by Robert Ford.At the time the house was located at 1318 Lafayette Street in St. Joseph. In 1939 it was moved to a busier Belt Highway location. In 1977 it was moved to a location directly behind Patee House at 12th and Mitchell in St.
 St. Katherine's Church Teversal is a parish church in the Church of England in Teversal Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.The church was built in the 12th and 13th centuries and has an unrestored 17th and 18th century interior. The Molyneux pew is in the south aisle and has a roof supported by barley-sugar columns.
 Oak Hill built in 1853 is an historic home located at 26 Aspen Street in Calvert City Kentucky. It was built by Potilla Calvert the founder of Calvert City and the man for whom the city was named. On December 31 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Chennai General Post Office (GPO) is located on Rajaji Salai at Parry's Corner Chennai. It functions in a building built in 1884. It is located opposite to the Chennai Beach suburban railway station. Chennai GPO covers an area of about 23.33 km2 and serves a population of around 220000. It has no sub or branch offices.
 Bertram Hall at Radcliffe College is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University on 53 Shepard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story neo-Georgian brick building was built in 1901 to a design by Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow Jr. It was the first of the quadrangle's buildings to be built. It was funded by a donation from the Radcliffe class of 1895.
 CityLink Mall (simplified Chinese: 城联广场; traditional Chinese: 城聯廣場; pinyin: Chénglián guǎngchǎng) is Singapore's first underground mall located within the One Raffles Link development at Marina Square. Opened in 1 July 2000 the 60000 square feet (5600 m2) underground mall connects City Hall and Esplanade on the Mass Rapid Transit and to Suntec City Mall Marina Square hotels in Marina Centre Millenia Singapore and to Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay.
 Trinity African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church in Gouldtown Fairfield Township Cumberland County New Jersey United States. Gouldtown is now just a crossroads with a few buildings but it is one of the oldest settlements in America founded by free land-owning African-Americans. The Rev. Ruben Cuff of Salem County organized a society of African Americans in 1818.
 Delaware County Courthouse Square District is a national historic district located at Delhi in Delaware County New York. The district contains 18 contributing buildings and one contributing structure. It consists of a distinctive and unspoiled grouping of 19th century governmental commercial and religious structures built around the village green. It includes the county courthouse and clerk's office the sheriff's office and jail and a bandstand.
 Turku City Hall (Finnish: Turun kaupungintalo Swedish: Åbo stadshus) is a Neo-Renaissance building located on the bank of the Aura River in Turku Finland. The City Council of Turku convenes at Turku City Hall. The Mayor used to work in an Art Nouveau building near to the City Hall the Turku City Office until 2011. It was originally designed by Charles Bassi from 1810-1811 as the restaurant Seurahuone. The building survived the Great Fire of Turku in 1827.
 The Loneman Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1933. The lookout uses a standard design originated by the U.S. Forest Service. Built in 1930 it is one several similar structures built in a program to establish an overlapping chain of fire lookouts in the park.
 The Iowa Commission for the Blind Building is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
 Woodcrest is a historic mansion located on the campus of Cabrini College in Radnor Township Delaware County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1901 with major alterations designed by Horace Trumbauer and completed in 1907 with additional modifications executed in 1914. It is a three-story 51 room 47000 square feet mansion in the Elizabethan Tudor Revival style. It was once part of a 238 acre estate 112 acres of which is Cabrini College. Dr. John T.
 Inorbit Mall is a subsidiary of the K. Raheja Corporation which runs shopping malls in various parts of India. The first Inorbit Mall opened in 2004 in Malad Mumbai. Inorbit Malls launched their second property in Mumbai at Vashi in October 2008; third in Cyberabad in Oct 2009. fourth in Pune in April 2011 and fifth in Bangalore on September 15 2012.The company follows a lease-plus-revenue mode revenue model for all its properties.
 The Sinnett Octagon House built in 1855 is an historic octagonal house in Muscatine Iowa. The two-story brick home with wrap-around porch and windowed cupola is now used as an office building.On July 18 1974 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Old Dearborn Bank Building is a historic building in the Loop community area of Chicago Illinois. It is one of only two Rapp and Rapp buildings designed as an office building. The building was designated a Chicago Landmark on June 4 2003.In 2011 Virgin Hotels part of Virgin Group purchased the building with the aim of opening it as their first hotel in 2013.
 Mall St. Matthews is a Louisville Kentucky shopping mall located at 5000 Shelbyville Road in the eastern suburb of St. Matthews.
 Redlingfield Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Gilboa Methodist Church is a historic church in Salem North Carolina.It was built in 1879 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Basilica of the Holy Sacrament (Spanish: Basílica del Santísimo Sacramento) is a Roman Catholic parish church in Colonia del Sacramento Uruguay.
 Hollow Church (Croatian: Šuplja crkva) is a name given to a part of the archeological excavations of what used to be a Croatian romanesque Roman Catholic church in the 11th century.
 Holyhood Cemetery is a cemetery located in Brookline Massachusetts. Laid out in 1857 the cemetery was designed to reflect the mid-19th century influence of romantic landscape cemetery planning begun at Cambridge's Mount Auburn Cemetery. It was the first such cemetery in Brookline. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is best known for holding the final resting places of Joseph and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy and the Kennedys' daughter Rosemary Kennedy.
 The Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Richmond Virginia is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Richmond. The property is located along North Laurel Street at 800 South Cathedral Place facing Monroe Park one block north of Main Street.
 Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church now Redeemer Missionary Baptist Church is a Prairie School church in Minneapolis Minnesota in the Lyndale neighborhood. The Prairie School architecture was uncommon for use in churches. This church which has a flat roof and broad eaves but lacks a bell tower and other traditional church features was inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park Illinois.
 The Saint James General Store is a general store located on the northwest corner of Moriches and Harbor Hill Roads in Saint James New York. Established in 1857 it is a contributing property of the Saint James District which is primarily in the vicinity of New York State Route 25A in St. James although the store is located northwest of Route 25A.
 Hands On Children's Museum is a children's museum in Olympia Washington USA. It was founded in 1987 and received over 150000 visitors a year at its old location near the Washington State Capitol. Visitors are expected to grow to 250000 a year at its new location at 414 Jefferson Street in Olympia's East Bay.The Museum geared for children ages 0-11 features 8 themed galleries focusing on science and nature plus an enhanced Arts & Parts Studio.
 The Parish of St. Vincent de Paul is a national parish of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York. Founded in 1841 it is dedicated to serve the needs of the French-speaking population of the city. The parish church is located at 123 West 23rd Street New York New York.
 St. Raphael the Archangel Church is a former Roman Catholic parish church in the Outremont neighborhood of Montreal Quebec Canada. The St. Raphael the Archangel Church Parish was founded in 1930 for the English-speaking Catholic community of Outremont under the Archdiocese of Montreal. In 1932 the parish built a small gothic revival church with the same name as the Parish.
 The Museum der bildenden Künste (German: Museum of Fine Arts) is a museum in Leipzig Saxony Germany. On 7000 square meters of display area 3500 paintings 1000 sculptures and 60000 graphical works are shown. It covers artworks from the Late Middle Ages to Modernity.
 Schloss Rosenegg is a schloss (castle) in Rosenegg Fieberbrunn Austria. It was built by Baron Rosenberg in 1187 and takes its name from the Rosenberg family which governed the surrounding area from 1534–1872.
 The White River Bridge is a five span Warren deck truss bridge built in 1952 located near Beaver Carroll County Arkansas. It carries U.S. Route 62 over the White River for 786.90 feet (239.85 m). It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Palace Theatre is a landmark theater located on Market Avenue N. in downtown Canton Ohio. Built in 1926 the Palace Theatre is a performing arts venue for stage plays comedy speeches and film screenings. It is also the home performance venue of the regionally renowned Canton Ballet.
 The Blue Hill Restaurant is a restaurant located at 75 Washington Place (between MacDougal Street and 6th Avenue) near Washington Square Park in Greenwich Village Manhattan in New York City with a second location (Blue Hill at Stone Barns) in the Pocantico Hills about 30 miles outside the city. It has been reviewed by the New York Times and New York magazine.The Blue Hill Restaurant was established in April 2000 and is owned by Dan David and Laureen Barber.
 121 West Tradealso known as the Interstate Tower is a skyscraper located at the Trade and Tryon in Charlotte center city North Carolina. The post modern building was designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates. It also has 330000 feet (101000 m) of Class A office space.
 The Society for Savings Building also known as the Society Corp. Building is a high-rise building on Public Square in downtown Cleveland Ohio United States. The building was constructed in 1889 and stood as the tallest building in Cleveland until 1896 when it was surpassed by the 221-foot (67 m) Guardian Bank Building. The building stands 152 feet (46 m) tall with 10 floors.
 Rim Drive is a scenic highway in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. It is a 33-mile (53 km) loop that follows the caldera rim around Crater Lake. Because of the its unique engineering and the surrounding park landscape the drive was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 Sanford Spinning Company is an historic mill complex located on Globe Mills Avenue in Fall River Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 along with the adjacent Globe Yarn Mills #3.
 The William Donald Schaefer Building also known as the William Donald Schaefer Tower or simply the Donald Schaefer Building is a skyscraper in Baltimore Maryland. The building rises 37 floors and 493 feet (150 m) in height and stands as the third-tallest building in the city. If the flagpole atop the building which reaches 590 feet is included the building would be the tallest in the state (flagpoles are normally not counted when determining architectural height).
 The Oak Grove School is a historic Rosenwald School building in rural Hale County Alabama USA. It was built to the designs of Samuel Smith in 1925 to serve the local African American community. The money to build the school was provided by the Julius Rosenwald Fund. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 03 1998 as a part of The Rosenwald School Building Fund and Associated Buildings Multiple Property Submission.
 The Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute is located in Detroit Michigan. It is one of 41 National Cancer Institute-designated comprehensive cancer centers in the United States. The institute has 1200 staff members including 300 doctors. Staff treat 6000 patients each year and operates with a budget of $265 million.
 The Parsian Azadi Hotel is one of the largest and tallest hotels in Tehran situated in the Evin neighborhood overlooking the city. The hotel has 475 rooms.
 Templars Square is a shopping centre located in Between Towns Road Cowley Oxford England. It was opened in 1965 and was known as Cowley Centre until 1989. It is the largest enclosed shopping centre in Oxford.
 St. Hyacinth's Church (Polish: Kościół św. Jacka; named after Saint Hyacinth — in Polish święty Jacek Odrowąż-Wojtkowicz one of several patron saints of Poland) is located in Warsaw's New Town at ulica Freta 8/10.
 The Church of St Mark Reading is an Anglican church in Cranbury Road Reading Berkshire. It is part of the parish of St. Mark and All Saints Reading which includes All Saints' Church.
 Herpel Brothers Foundry and Machine Shop is a historic foundry and machine shop located at Reynoldsville Jefferson County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1905 and is a one-story red brick building on an ashlar sandstone foundation. It consists of two sections: the 41 feet by 81 feet machine shop / foundry building and a 15 feet by 21 feet office. The machine shop / foundry building features a stepped parapet gable and corrugated metal roof.
 Kigali City Tower is a mixed use high rise office and retail building located in Kigali the capital of Rwanda. The complex consists of a 20 storey tower the tallest in the country a four-storey commercial centre and a car park block with space divided between leased office space and retail outlets.
 Emmanuel Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Greenwood in Albemarle County Virginia. Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia.The mission of Emmanuel Episcopal Church is: May we strive to live in Christ and do his work from this place.
 Sausenburg Castle is a ruined German castle on the edge of the Black Forest just north of the town of Kandern in Baden-Württemberg between the villages of Sitzenkirch and Malsburg-Marzell. The castle was originally the stronghold of the lords of Sausenburg and is built on a hill 665 metres high known as the Sausenberg.
 St George's Church Altrincham is in the town of Altrincham Greater Manchester England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Bowdon.
 The Pugh House is a historic house on US Route 65 in Portland Arkansas. The house was built c. 1905 to a design by architect Charles L. Thompson. It is a basic Foursquare house that has been elaborated by a hip roof with flared eaves and a wraparound porch supported by Ionic columns and decorated with a neo-classical balustrade.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Jacob Nicholas House also known as the Little Stone House Museum is a historic home located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1750 and is a 2 1/2 story three bay stone building. It has a rear frame clapboard addition built about 1840. It is built into an incline.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Kaese Mill is a historic grist mill located at Accident Garrett County Maryland United States. It was constructed about 1868 and is a 2 1⁄2-story frame water-powered grist mill. It is the only fully operational water-powered grist mill in Maryland. It was built by Henry August Kaese Sr. an immigrant miller from Germany who settled in Garrett County shortly after the American Civil War.Kaese Mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Charter Street Historic District encompasses a small remnant of the oldest part of Salem Massachusetts that has since been surrounded by more modern development. It includes three properties on Charter Street: the Pickman House the Grimshawe House and the Charter Street Cemetery or Central Burying Point. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Richmond School is a historic school building located in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1928-1929. It is a three-story nine-bay brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival style. It features a projecting stone entryway with Tudor arch stone beltcourse and cornice and a crenellated parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Mallory–Neely House is a historic residence on 652 Adams Avenue in Memphis Tennessee USA. It is located in the Victorian Village district of Memphis.
 The Arnold–Park Log Home is a historic house located in Portland Oregon United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is preserved by the State of Oregon within the Tryon Creek State Natural Area.
 Edgar W. Howell House is a historic home located at Buffalo in Erie County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The Hendrick Hopper Homestead is a historic building located in Glen Rock Bergen County New Jersey United States and was built in the early 19th century. It was home to the Hopper Family and is located on the corner of Ackerman Avenue and Hillman Avenue. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 as site #83001526.
 Rosehill Cemetery is a Victorian era cemetery on the North Side of Chicago Illinois USA and at 350 acres (1.4 km2) is the largest cemetery in the City of Chicago. The name Rosehill resulted from a City Clerk's error – the area was previously called Roe's Hill named for nearby farmer Hiram Roe. He refused to sell his land to the city until it was promised that the cemetery be named in his honor.Rosehill's Joliet-limestone entrance gate was designed by William W.
 Azerbaijan State Theatre of Young Spectators is a theatre located in the centre of Baku Azerbaijan.
 Burgruine Gmünd is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 The Old New England Building in the Library District of Downtown Kansas City Missouri located at 112 West 9th Street was built in 1886 as the offices of the New England Safe Deposit and Trust Company. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Vancouver National Historic Reserve Historic District includes a wide variety of buildings erected by the Hudson's Bay Company U.S. Army and the National Park Service at Fort Vancouver Vancouver Washington. The district includes reconstructions of historic buildings that were excluded from previously-designated historic districts on the grounds that they had no intrinsic history.
 Bayside Marketplace is a festival marketplace in Downtown Miami Florida. It is located between the Bayfront Park to the south end and the American Airlines Arena to the north. As Bayside's name suggests it wraps along the banks of the Biscayne Bay.The entertainment complex opened in 1987 during a major real estate boom in Miami. Instead of being planned to revitalize a specific area as its sister properties had Bayside complements an existing marina.
 The Frances Willard Schoolhouse is located in Janesville Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
 The Balinese Room was a well-known nightclub in Galveston Texas United States built on a pier stretching 600 feet (183 m) from the Galveston Seawall over the waters of the Gulf of Mexico.
 The McMichael Canadian Art Collection is an art gallery in Kleinburg Ontario Canada northwest of Toronto. It houses an extensive collection of paintings by Tom Thomson the Group of Seven and their contemporaries and First Nations and Inuit artists.The core of this art collection and the very gallery itself are the result of the dreams and vision of two people.
 Historic Lindsley Avenue Church [1]Lindsley Avenue Church of Christ is a historic church at 3 Lindsley Avenue in Nashville Tennessee.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 The Church of SS Cosmas and Damian (Croatian: Sv Kuzma i Damjan) is a Roman Catholic church in Kaštel Gomilica Croatia.
 Carter Hall was the Millwood Virginia USA estate of Lt. Col. Nathaniel Burwell (1750–1814). It is located in the lower Shenandoah River valley off Virginia Route 255 northeast of Millwood. The estate includes a grand plantation house a great lawn and terraced gardens and has panoramic views in all directions.
 Salisbury Manor is an historic 1730 farmhouse near Leeds Greene County New York.The house was built by Francis Salisbury for his oldest son Abraham. The house was expanded in 1760 and 1823 leading to a mix of architectural styles.The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 for its architectural significance and representation of colonial era settlement. It is privately owned.
 The Iowa County Courthouse in Marengo Iowa United States was built in 1893. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Carnegie Library in Sandusky Ohio is a building from 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Bank of America Center is a commercial high-rise building in Tulsa Oklahoma. The building rises 412 feet (126 m) in downtown Tulsa. It contains 32 floors and was completed in 1967 as the Fourth National Bank of Tulsa. It is located on the corner of Sixth Street and Boulder Avenue the site of the former Tulsa County court house. The Bank of America Center currently stands as the 5th-tallest building in the city and the 9th-tallest building in the state of Oklahoma.
 The Peter Johnsen Rooming House is an historic building near downtown Sycamore Illinois. The red brick structure stands in the 100 block of South Main Street and is considered a contributing structure to the overall historic integrity of the Sycamore Historic District. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978.
 The Indiana Memorial Union (IMU) is a student union building at Indiana University in Bloomington Indiana. It is located at 900 E 7th Street facing the Jordan River and the Dunn Meadow.The Indiana Memorial Union was dedicated on June 13 1932. At nearly 500000 square feet (46000 m2) it is the world's largest student union building under one roof[citation needed].John Whittenberger a student founded the Indiana Union in 1909.
 San Tommaso in Parione is one of the two national churches of Ethiopia in Rome. It is dedicated to St Thomas the Apostle. The church is normally open to the public only between 20 and 28 September.
 Riverlawn also known as the Cordelia Murray House is a historic home located near Mathews Mathews County Virginia. It was built in 1874 and is a 2 1/2-story frame dwelling in a vernacular Federal style. The house has a four-over-four central hall floor plan. Additions were made and it was renovated in 1929. Also on the property are a contributing well stone well and a pair of contributing brick gateposts.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 The U.S. Post Office-Lewiston Main is an historic main post office at 49 Ash Street in Lewiston Maine.The post office was built in 1933 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Alamo Mission in San Antonio commonly known simply The Alamo was originally known as the Mission San Antonio de Valero. It is a former Roman Catholic mission and fortress compound and the site of the Battle of the Alamo in 1836. It is now a museum in the Alamo Plaza District of Downtown San Antonio Texas USA.
 George L. Brooks School is a historic school building located in the Haddington neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCourcy Richards and built in 1919 encompassing part of the original walls of the 1902 edifice that had been destroyed by fire. It is a three-story five bay stone and brick building on a raised basement in the Late Gothic Revival-style.
 St Peter's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of South Somercotes Lincolnshire England (grid reference TF416938). It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church is 8 miles (13 km) to the northeast of Louth and to the west of the A1013 road. With its tall spire rising from a flat landscape it has been called The Queen of the Marsh.
 Adolf Fredrik Church (Swedish: Adolf Fredriks kyrka) is a church in central Stockholm Sweden named after Adolf Frederick. It was built in 1768-1774 replacing a wooden chapel from 1674 which was dedicated to Saint Olof.Its cemetery is where René Descartes was first buried in 1650 before his remains were moved to France. Inside the church a memorial to the memory of Descartes was installed by Gustav III.
 The Hermitage of San Antonio de Padua de la Tuna near Isabela Puerto Rico dates from 1730. It comprises the ruins of a village that was abandoned in the early 19th century when the community with the permission of Governor Salvador Meléndez moved to a more favorable location nearer the coast which became the town of Isabela founded in 1819. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Hillingdon Court is a Grade II listed mansion in Hillingdon within the London Borough of Hillingdon. Originally built in 1858 as the family home of the Mills family the mansion has formed part of the ACS Hillingdon International School since 1978. Much of the remaining grounds came under public ownership in 1928 and have become public parkland and housing.
 The Fryer House is located in Butler Kentucky. This historic two story stone house was built by Pendleton County Kentucky pioneer Walter Fryer in 1811. Abraham Vastine a housebuilder built this house of limestone from an adjacent quarry and it has walls two feet thick. The roof truss system is built of wood framing held together with wooden pegs. The home was not completed until 1813.
 Christian Schlegel Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Richmond Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It has 11 contributing buildings 1 contributing site 7 contributing structures and 1 contributing object. They are a 1 1/2-story stone farmhouse with a rear ell (1789 c. 1850); 1 1/2-story stone summer kitchen (1789); 1 1/2-story brick school house (c.
 Holy Trinity Church Trowbridge is a parish church in the Church of England located in Trowbridge Wiltshire England. It was completed in 1838. It is commonly known in Trowbridge as ‘The Church on the Roundabout’ as it is entirely encircled by a one-way traffic system.
 The Palestine Lodge is a building in southeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Meeker's Hardware (also known as The Red Block) is located at White Street and Patriot Drive in downtown Danbury Connecticut United States near the city's train station and the Danbury Railway Museum just outside the city's Main Street Historic District. It was built in 1883 opened in 1885 and has remained in the Meeker family ever since. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is the only hardware store currently on the Register.
 Charlotte Plaza is a 338 feet (103 m) tall skyscraper in Charlotte North Carolina. It was built in 1982 and has 27 floors. It is the 15th-tallest building in the city. Bentley's a popular restaurant with skyline views is located on the top floor. The Class A office building was sold for $175.5 million to Hines Interests Limited Partnership in 2007.
 Francis E. Willard School is a historic school building located in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Henry deCoursey Richards and built in 1907-1908. It is a four-story three-bay E-shaped brick clad concrete building in the Classical Revival style. It features limestone trim a 2 1/2-story overscale arched opening and brick parapet. It was named for suffragist Frances Willard.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Elisabet Ney Museum is a museum located in Austin Texas United States. The museum is housed in the former studio of sculptor Elisabet Ney and is dedicated to showcasing her life and works. There is a permanent collection of Ney's portrait busts and personal memorabilia on display.Formosa as Ney called the studio was completed in 1893 and enlarged in 1902. It was the earliest art studio built in Texas. After Ney died in 1907 Ella and Joseph B.
 The Ursa tension leg platform is an oil platform with a tension leg structure located at 28.154027°N 89.103553°W﻿ / 28.154027; -89.103553 about 130 miles (210 km) southeast of New Orleans in the Gulf of Mexico. It is operated by Shell Oil Company. It has a total height from the seabed to its top of 4285 feet (1306 m).Shell Oil is the operator of the project with 45.39%.
 The Powder Magazine is a gunpowder magazine and museum in Charleston South Carolina USA and the oldest surviving public building in the former Province of Carolina. It was erected in 1713 by colonial settlers as a place to safely store and centralize their gunpowder supplies. It was also involved in the 1780 siege of Charleston. The Powder Magazine was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989.
 The Pinnacle at Tutwiler Farm is a 75-acre (300000 m2) 644000 square feet (60000 m2) $100 million lifestyle center located in Trussville Alabama which opened on October 11 2006. The center was developed by Colonial Properties on land previously distinguished by a rocky hillside. Nearby is the Colonial Promenade at Tutwiler Farm which was also developed by Colonial Properties.Anchor tenants include Belk and JCPenney (who relocated their existing stores from Century Plaza).
 The International Centre for Life is a pioneering science village based in the heart of Newcastle upon Tyne where scientists clinicians educationalists and business people work to promote the advancement of the life sciences.
 The Frank M. and Annie G. Covert House is a historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin Texas. It is also a part of the Shadow Lawn Historic District a subdivision within the Hyde Park neighborhood established by Hyde Park founder Monroe Shipe.The building was completed near the turn of the 20th century by local real estate broker and auto dealer Frank Covert.
 The house at 184 Albany Avenue (NY 32) in Kingston New York United States is a frame building in the Picturesque mode of the Gothic Revival architectural style. It was built around 1860.In 2002 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It has remained a private residence since its original construction.
 Abertillery and District Hospital was a community hospital in Aberbeeg near Abertillery with approximately 91 full and part-time staff. It was latterly operated by the Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. It was founded in 1922 and closed in 2008.It had 52 beds in three ward areas: Gilbert Strachen Ward had 18 beds providing respite care long-term inpatient care and interim care to patients waiting to move to residential or nursing homes.
 The Harriet May Mills House or Harriet May Mills Residence is a historic home on the west side of Syracuse New York. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. Extensive information on the restoration of the home and its former owners is archived on the now-defunct HarrietMayMills.org website.Charles de Berard Mills and Harriet Ann Mills were abolitionists. Harriet May Mills their daughter was active in women's rights.
 Stieff Silver Company Factory is a historic silver factory located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a two-story nine-bay rectangular brick factory building designed by Theodore Wells Pietsch and built in two stages in 1925 and 1929. The exterior features a lighted sign flanking a central clock that rises above a parapeted roof.
 The Dead Indian Soda Springs are an assortment of small mineral springs that feed into Dead Indian Creek near Eagle Point Oregon United States. The springs are rich in sodium carbonate iron magnesium and sodium hydroxide.The springs are located approximately 35 miles (56 kilometers) east of Medford.
 Agustín Ross Park (Spanish: Parque Agustín Ross) is a park located in the Agustín Ross Avenue in front of the old Ross Casino in Pichilemu. It is a National Monument of Chile.The original park contains 100-year-old native Chilean palms (Phoenix canariensis) and many green spaces. Both the park and the former casino were named National Monuments on February 25 1988 and the majority of the houses situated in the park are private homes.
 The Voice of America's Bethany Relay Station was located in Butler County Ohio's Union Township about 25 miles (40 km) north of Cincinnati adjacent to the transmitter site of WLW. Starting in 1944 during World War II it transmitted American radio programming abroad on shortwave frequencies using 200000-watt transmitters built by Crosley engineers under the direction of R.J. Langley.
 Good Samaritan Hospital is an acute care hospital in San Jose California. It contains centers for treatment of stroke and chest pain as well as a large maternity ward. Originally a non-profit it has been owned by HCA since 1996. The sale money was used to form a new nonprofit The Health Trust.
 Comcast Center is a skyscraper in Center City Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The 58-story 297 m (974 ft) tower is the tallest building in Philadelphia and the seventeenth tallest building in the United States. Originally called One Pennsylvania Plaza when the building was first announced in 2001 the Comcast Center went through two redesigns before construction began in 2005. Comcast Center was designed by architect Robert A. M.
 Burnchurch Castle a National Monument is a well-preserved 15th century Norman tower house with a round gate tower situated in County Kilkenny Ireland.
 Christ Church High Harrogate is a parish church in the Church of England located in Harrogate. It was the first church building to be built in Harrogate and is today home to a thriving congregation and - along with the attached Parish Centre - an important focus of community activities.
 The Lower Sunday River School is an historic school in Newry Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Claquato Church is a historic Methodist church building located off of WA 12 in Claquato Washington. It is the oldest standing building in the state of Washington.It was built in 1857 with a louvered belfry and crown steeple modeled after mid-nineteenth century New England meeting houses. The pulpit and pews were hand crafted. When the county seat moved from Claquato to Chehalis in the 1870s the church lost its congregants and stood vacant until the 1950s when it was restored.
 Rhode Island Maximum Security Prison formerly known as Howard Prison is a Rhode Island Department of Corrections state prison for men located in Howard Rhode Island. It is the state's oldest operational prison with a current capacity of 430. The facility was first completed in 1878 as the State Prison and Providence County Jail.
 The Forest Home Farms is a 16-acre (6.5 ha) municipal historic park located in San Ramon California. In 1997 Ruth Quayle Boone bequeathed the land and all buildings on it to the City of San Ramon for use as a park and historical site in memory of her husband Travis Moore Boone.
 The North Carolina State Capitol is the main house of the U.S. state of North Carolina. Housing the offices of the Governor of North Carolina it is located in the state capital of Raleigh on Union Square at One East Edenton Street. The cornerstone of the Greek Revival building was laid with Masonic honors by the Grand Master of the State Simmons Jones Baker on July 4 1833. Construction was completed in 1840.
 The Michigan Theatre at 124 North Mechanic Street in Jackson Michigan opened in 1930 and was designed by Maurice Herman Finkel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 8 1980 and is undergoing renovations as of 2005.
 East End Historic District in Thomasville Georgia was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 John Bunyan Museum is a museum primarily dedicated to the life times and works of John Bunyan. The museum is located in Bedford Bedfordshire England.John Bunyan (1628 – 1688) a Christian writer and preacher was born in Harrowden (one mile south-east of Bedford) in the Parish of Elstow England. He wrote The Pilgrim's Progress arguably the most famous published Christian allegory.
 Brooklandwood or Brookland Wood is a historic home located on the grounds of St. Paul`s School for Boys in Brooklandville Baltimore County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story five-bay dwelling. The central block and two later wings are brick painted white. The central-block section is original and built about 1790 with porches and Palladian-style windows forming a symmetrical functional unit.
 The Tudor House is an 18th-century house in Langport Somerset England. It was built in 1776 but had fallen into disrepair until it was bought and restored by the Somerset Buildings Preservation Trust in 1991 and is now a Grade II listed building.
 The Priory Church of St Peter with its monastery (Dunstable Priory) was founded in 1132 by Henry I for Augustinian Canons in Dunstable Bedfordshire England. St Peter’s today is a large and impressive building but this is only the nave of what remains of an originally much larger Augustinian priory church. The monastic buildings consisted of a dormitory for the monks an infirmary stables workshops bakehouse brewhouse and buttery.
 Towson United Methodist Church is a large United Methodist Church in the historic Baltimore County Maryland suburb of Towson. Its past rooted in 19th century America and subsequent growth in the two centuries since then have closely paralleled the nation's political and sociological trends.
 Machzikei Hadas (literally translated from Hebrew as 'Supporters of the law') is an Orthodox synagogue in Ottawa Ontario. Werner Edgar Noffke (architect) designed thsynagogue on King Edward Avenue at Murray Street (1926-27). Dr. Reuven Bulka has served as Rabbi of the Ottawa synagogue since 1967. In 1994 it was the first synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations to be granted arms by the Canadian heraldic authority.[1] The synagogue had a membership of 550 families in 2007.
 Windsor Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Windsor in Broome County New York. The district includes 70 contributing buildings two contributing sites (village cemetery and village green) and one contributing structure (bandstand). The district includes the core of the business district and many older residential streets. The oldest building dates to about 1810.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Fourth Street Historic District is a historic district in Sioux City Iowa United States. It consists of a concentration of fifteen late-nineteenth-century commercial buildings between Virginia and Iowa Streets that date from 1889 to approximately 1915. Many of the buildings are significant for their elaborate Romanesque Revival architecture. The area is now a local center of restaurants bars and specialty shops.
 Stora Sundby Castle (Swedish: Stora Sundby slott) is a castle in Eskilstuna Municipality Södermanland County Sweden.
 The Nur Al-Din Mosque (Arabic: جامع نور الدين‎ transliteration: Jami Nur al-Din) is a Zengid-era mosque in Hama Syria located on the banks of the Orontes river. The mosque was erected by Nur ad-Din Zangi in 1172. The square minaret made of alternating bands of black basalt and yellow limestone is the mosque's strongest feature. Inside the mosque the intricately carved wooden minbar still stands as one of the oldest preserved testaments to Islamic history.
 The Portsmouth Earthworks are a large prehistoric mound complex constructed by the Ohio Hopewell culture mound builder indigenous peoples of eastern North America (100 BCE to 500 CE). The site was one of the largest earthwork ceremonial centers constructed by the Hopewell and is located at the confluence of the Scioto and Ohio Rivers in present day Ohio. The majority of the mound complex site is now covered by the city of Portsmouth in Scioto County Ohio.
 Congregation Schara Tzedeck is an Orthodox synagogue in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. A place of worship in Greater Vancouver it is the oldest synagogue and the largest Orthodox synagogue in the city. Its name is Hebrew for Gates of Righteousness. Founded in 1907 it was originally known as Benei Yehuda and was located at East Pender Street at Heatley Street in the Strathcona neighbourhood then the focus of the city's Jewish community.
 The Donka Hospital is a publicly owned hospital in Conakry Guinea. It has inadequate facilities to handle demand and many Guineans cannot afford its service. More than once in recent years the hospital has had to deal with a major influx of patients wounded in civil disturbances.
 St Luke's Church in Christchurch was registered as a Category II historic place with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. Built on one of the five sites set aside in the central city in the original survey of Christchurch for the Anglican church it was demolished in July 2011 following damage sustained in the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake.
 The Page-Walker Hotel also known as The Page-Walker Arts & History Center is an historic house museum and former hotel located in Cary North Carolina. The founder of the town of Cary Allison Francis Page built the Second Empire style hotel in 1868 and J. R. Walker bought it later.
 St. Thomas Episcopal Church is a historic church on Craven Street in Bath North Carolina. The church building was constructed in 1734 and is the oldest surviving church building in North Carolina.St. Thomas Parish was established soon after the founding of Bath County North Carolina in 1696 with the original church parishioners meeting in homes. Around 1700 Rev.
 The Richardson Olmsted Complex is the name of a mental asylum in Buffalo New York. The building was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1986.The large Medina red sandstone and brick hospital buildings were designed in 1870 in the Kirkbride Plan by architect Henry Hobson Richardson with grounds by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.
 HM Prison Bullwood Hall is a former Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution located in Hockley Essex England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Kemao Market is one of five major electronics markets in Zhongguancun Beijing.
 Greenwood Memorial United Methodist Church (also known as Highland Memorial Episcopal Church or Greenwood Memorial Church) is an historic church at 378A-380 Washington Street in Dorchester Massachusetts a neighborhood of Boston.The church building was built in 1900 in the shingle style. It was added to the National Historic Register in 2002.
 Vermont Square Branch is the oldest branch library in the Los Angeles Public Library system. Located about a mile southwest of the University of Southern California campus in the Vermont Square district it was built in 1913 with a grant from Andrew Carnegie. One of three surviving Carnegie libraries in Los Angeles it has been designated a Historic-Cultural Monument and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Holt-Cummings-Davis House is a historic house located at 67 Salem Street in Andover Massachusetts. It is estimated to have been built around 1700 at a location across the street and nothing is known of its owners at the time. The first recorded owner was William Hawley who bought it in 1803. It was purchased in 1835 by Job Abbott as a wedding present for is daughter Lucy who married Joseph Holt.
 Beška Monastery or (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Бешка) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery on Beška island on Skadar Lake built in the Principality of Zeta of the Serbian Despotate (modern-day Montenegro). It has two churches within its complex the 'Church of St. George' and the 'St Mary's Church'.
 The Church of Our Lady of Egmanton is a parish church in the Church of England in Egmanton Nottinghamshire.The church is Grade I listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as a building of outstanding architectural or historic interest.
 The Former Bank of Australasia building is a neoclassical structure located in the Melbourne city centre. It stands on the corner of Queen Street and Collins Street right in the centre of the Melbourne banking and offices precinct. The five-storeys building had played an integral part in Melbourne’s economy during the Gold rush and the great depression. It was designed by Reed and Barnes architect and constructed in 1876.
 Niotaze Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as Odell Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church and as Niotaze United Methodist Church) is a historic church at 301 N. F Street in Niotaze Kansas. It was designed by the noted church architect Benjamin D. Price built in 1895 and added to the National Register in 2006.
 'Deste Foundation Centre for Contemporary Art is an arts foundation in Nea Ionia a northern suburb of Athens Greece. Housing the art collection of Greek businessman Dakis Joannou it organizes exhibitions with the collection and commissions new work by emerging and established international contemporary artists.
 The South Prairie Community Hall near Minot North Dakota was built in 1920. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.It is the last surviving one of five town and community halls on the prairies south of Minot.
 The Seth Seelye House in Bethel Connecticut also known as the Bethel Public Library was built in 1842. It is an example of Greek Revival architecture which is arguably the first American style to have emerged other than native American styles. The style is deliberately different from previous styles brought from England and other countries.
 The former Chelsea Grammar School is located on Liberty Street in Chelsea New York United States. It is an intact one-room schoolhouse from the late 19th century when the hamlet was a thriving Hudson River port.In 1987 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places since it has remained largely intact since its construction.
 Summerseat also known as George Clymer House Thomas Barclay House or Summerseat School is a site significant for its association with George Clymer and Robert Morris both signers of the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution. It served as George Washington's headquarters December 8–14 1776.The two-story brick and stone Georgian house was built in the 1770s for Thomas Barclay a Philadelphia merchant and diplomat.
 The Hotel Syracuse is a historic hotel built in 1924 and located at 500 South Warren Street Syracuse New York. It closed in 2004 and currently sits vacant.
 The Manoir de la Borie-Fricart is a château in the Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 Ocean Heights is a supertall residential skyscraper in Dubai Marina Dubai UAE. The tower stands 310 m (1017 ft) tall with 83 floors. The tower is designed by Andrew Bromberg of Aedas. The building was topped-out on 22 December 2009 and completed in 2010.
 The Church History Museum is the premier museum operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It is located in Salt Lake City Utah and is opposite the west gates of the church's Temple Square. Until November 2008 it was called the Museum of Church History and Art.
 The John Wolfe House is a historic house on 905 W. Cheyenne Rd. Colorado Springs Colorado that was owned by John Wolfe. It is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in El Paso County Colorado.The house was built in 1894 and is currently abandoned. All of the windows are boarded up (seen on picture).
 Peterson House also known as Ticen (Tyson) House in Lakewood Colorado USA was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Helsinki Prison also known as Sörnäinen Prison (earlier known as Helsinki Central Prison) is a prison located in the Kalasatama district of Helsinki Finland opened in 1881. All persons placed in the prison have received a sentence of at least a year. At the moment it is the only prison operating in Helsinki after the Katajanokka prison was moved to Vantaa.
 The United States Post Office and Courthouse is a historic combined post office and Federal courthouse located in Baltimore Maryland United States. It occupies an entire city block and measures 238 feet 2 inches east-west by 279 feet 10 inches north-south. It is of steel frame construction with concrete floors and tile roof basement of granite and outer walls of white Indiana limestone. The structure is six stories in height and provided with basement and two sub-basements.
 Casey Farm is a historic farm established around 1750 in Saunderstown Rhode Island United States.
 Villa Saint Martin is a centre in Ignatian spirituality run by the Society of Jesus in Montreal. It was the first residential spirituality centre in Canada. It was founded in 1913 and opened by the Archbishop of Montreal Paul Bruchési. It is situated in the east of Pierrefonds-Roxboro next to Saint-Laurent in Montreal on the shore of the Rivière des Prairies.
 Griffith Morgan House is located in Pennsauken Township Camden County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1693 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25 1973.
 The U.S. Post Office in Ballston Spa New York is located on Front Street in the village's commercial center. It is a brick building constructed in the mid-1930s serving the 12020 ZIP Code which covers the village and the surrounding areas of the Town of Ballston.Designed by Louis Simon supervising architect of the Treasury Department it uses an extremely restrained version of the Colonial Revival architectural style common on most post offices in small towns from that period.
 Fairview Park is a historic African American spiritual retreat center and recreational destination located at Salem Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was developed during the Jim Crow era. Contributing resources include the landscape and ballfield and a late-19th - early-20th century frame barn.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The church of the Santissimo Nome di Maria e degli Angeli Custodi commonly known as the Church of the Scuole Pie is a church in central Genoa located a few metres away from the Cathedral of Genoa.The church was built on property belonging to the community of Piarist or Scolopi fathers (members of the Order of Poor Clerics Regular of the Mother of God of the Pious Schools who had come to the city to establish a school from the town of Savona in the 16th century.
 The Stallings–Carpenter House located on State Road 1713 north of Clayton Johnston County North Carolina was constructed in 1845 by James and Elizabeth (Jones) Stallings in the Greek Revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 28 Mar 1983.
 Križevci Synagogue is a former synagogue and current youth center in Križevci Croatia.Salamon Lipmann was the first Jew who settled in Križevci around 1780. In 1844 Adam Breyer founded the Jewish community Križevci. He organized in his house the first Križevci house of prayer for the members of the community. On November 15 1894 with presence of Križevci mayor Ferdo Vukić general assembly of the Jewish community talked and adopted the proposed development of the new synagogue.
 The Colden Mansion Ruins are located in the Town of Montgomery New York USA along NY 17K at the intersection of Stone Castle Road and Route 17K. The stone walls and foundations still visible in the woods just off the road are all that still stands from the house built in 1767 by Cadwallader Colden Jr. son of Cadwallader Colden.
 The Church of the Sacred Heart (Spanish: Iglesia del Sagrado Corazón) popularly known as Iglesia del Seminario is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo Uruguay.It was established on 9 April 1891.Held by the Society of Jesus it is dedicated to the Sacred Heart. As the building was originally part of a seminary (nowadays a school Colegio Seminario).
 Boggs Mill is a historic grist mill located near Seneca Rocks Pendleton County West Virginia. It was built about 1830 and is a 3 1/2-story rectangular gable front building. It has clapboard siding and was constructed using mortise and tenon braced frame construction. It sits on a stone foundation and has a standing-seam metal roof. The mill remained in operation until 1966; it was damaged by a severe flood in 1985.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Congregation Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim (also known as Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim Synagogue Congregation K. K. Beth Elohim or more simply K. K. Beth Elohim) is a historic 1840 synagogue located at 90 Hasell (pronounced as if it were spelled Hazel) Street in Charleston South Carolina. It was designed by Cyrus L.
 Torstad Chapel (Norwegian: Torstad kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Torstad. The church is part of the Nærøy parish in the Nærøy deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden chapel was built in 1936 and it seats about 120 people. The building was constructed by architect Arne Sørvig.
 The Cameron Offices a series of former government offices commissioned by the National Capital Development Commission and designed by John Andrews in the Brutalist structuralism style of architecture were constructed between 1970 and 1976 and partially demolished during 2007–08; located in the Belconnen Town Centre in the district of Belconnen located in the Australian capital city of Canberra.
 The Inn at St. John's is a luxury boutique hotel and golf resort located in the Metro Detroit city of Plymouth Michigan. The hotel contains the 5ive restaurant. In addition the hotel ballroom can accommodate conferences of up to 450 people. The hotel architecture is in the Romanesque Revival style. The resort contains a 27 hole golf course gardens recreation facilities and an indoor swimming pool.
 Barnet Museum is in the London Borough of Barnet. It has displays on topics including the Battle of Barnet Barnet Fair and Market. It is a centre for local and family research and its archives library and reference collection are available for use by members of the public.
 The Box Elder County Courthouse located at 1 N. Main St. in Brigham City Utah was built in 1857 and expanded greatly in 1910. The 1910 addition includes Classical Revival architecture designed by local architects Andrew Funk and Carson Wells and provides the architecturally significant portion of the building. The building is significant as the only courthouse in the county and for having held all departments of the county government over the years.
 Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church on Broad (New Jersey Route 49) and Lawrence Streets in Bridgeton Cumberland County New Jersey United States. It was built in 1792 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.The church and cemetery are also listed on both the New Jersey Register (ID #1029 since 1973)
 Nakheel Tower (Arabic: برج نخيل‎) was a proposed skyscraper in Dubai United Arab Emirates by developer Nakheel. The project was previously called Al Burj (Arabic: البرج‎ The Tower).In January 2009 it was announced that the project was put on hold due to financial problems.
 L'As du Fallafel (English: The Ace of Falafel) is a Kosher Middle Eastern restaurant located at 34 Rue des Rosiers in the Pletzl Jewish quarter of the Le Marais neighborhood in Paris France. The restaurant is acclaimed for its falafel sandwich served with eggplant and hummus.
 St Aidan's Church in Harehills Leeds West Yorkshire is a Church of England parish church built in 1894. It is a large Victorian basilica-type red-brick building which is Grade II* listed. A church hall is adjacent. The architects were Johnson and Crawford Hick of Newcastle.The church was consecrated by John Pulleine Bishop of Richmond on 13 October 1894. The first vicar was Samuel Mumford Taylor who later became Bishop of Kingston-upon-Thames.
 The William F. Pierce House also known as Merifield is a historic house in Eutaw Alabama. The house was built by William F. Pierce in 1840. Pierce purchased the lot for his house from Asa White on May 25 1839 for $750. The main living floor is frame built above a raised basement of brick. Both levels contain four rooms each. The main floor has a large central hall. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 17 1983 due to its architectural significance.
 The Rhinebeck Village Historic District is located along US 9 and NY 308 in Rhinebeck New York United States. It is an area of 167 acres (68 ha) contains 272 buildings in a variety of architectural styles dating from over 200 years of the settlement's history.
 Johnson's Chapel AME Church is a historic church on E. High Street in Springfield Kentucky.It was built in 1872 and added to the National Register in 1989.
 Painted Desert Inn is a lodge in Petrified Forest National Park in Arizona. It was built in 1937–1940 on the site of an earlier lodge the Stone Tree House. It was designed in 1937 by National Park Service architect Lyle E. Bennett and others from the Park Service Branch of Plans and Design. Construction was carried out by Civilian Conservation Corps labor. After updates by Mary Jane Colter it was operated by the Fred Harvey Company from 1947 to 1963 when it closed.
 The Hadley Furniture Company Building is a historic retail building at 651-659 Main Street in downtown Worcester Massachusetts. The five story brick building was built in 1923-24 to a design by the local architectural firm of Cutting Carleton and Cutting. The Hadley Furniture Company founded in 1914 sought to expand from earlier premises closer to City Hall and commissioned its construction.
 The Former New York Life Insurance Company Building also known as the Clock Tower Building located at 346 Broadway (with a secondary address of 108 Leonard Street) between Catherine Lane and Leonard Street in Manhattan New York City was built between 1894 and 1899. The company's headquarters building originally built in 1868-1870 needed to be expanded eastward to Lafayette Street and Stephen Decatur Hatch was engaged for the job.
 Trinity Anglican Church is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada located in Cambridge Ontario Canada. The church was built and consecrated in 1844 four years following the incorporation of the parish by the Rt. Rev. John Strachan. The Hon. Wm. Dickson donated the land on the right bank of the Grand River and together with his superintendent/manager Absalom Shade bore a large portion of the cost of clearing the land and building the church. Both men were founders of Galt Ontario.
 The Exton Square Mall is a shopping mall located in the village of Exton in West Whiteland Township in Chester County Pennsylvania United States. It is located at the crossroads of Chester County at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 Business (US 30 Bus.) and Pennsylvania Route 100 (PA 100). The mall is anchored by Macy's Boscov's Sears and JCPenney and also contains over 110 smaller stores and a food court.
 The Augusta Sledge House also known as the Morrisette-Tunstall-Sledge House was a historic plantation house and historic district near Newbern Alabama USA. The main house was built in 1855 and is an example of the cottage orné style which was at the height of its popularity in the mid-19th century. The property is included in the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
 Bagavan was an ancient Armenian church-city complex situated in the south-east of what is now Ağrı Province in eastern Turkey. It was a well known settlement in the pagan and later medieval Armenia times because of a huge monastic complex in it known as St. Hovhannes Mkrtich (St. John the Baptist) Monastery of Bagavan Armenian: Բագավանի Սուրբ Հովհաննես Մկրտչի վանք.
 Motor Square Garden also known as East Liberty Market is a building in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Located at 5900 Baum Boulevard in the East Liberty neighborhood it today serves as the headquarters of the Pittsburgh branch of the American Automobile Association which owns the property. The exterior of the building features a large tin-clad steel-framed blue dome and a yellow brick facade.
 Maizefield is a historic home located at Red Hook in Dutchess County New York. It is a plain brick building three stories tall five bays wide and four bays deep in the Neoclassical style. It features an elaborately designed front entry door on the first floor and a Palladian window on the second floor. The house was once occupied by General David Van Ness (1745-1818) who sold it in 1815.
 The Paulding County Carnegie Library is a historic Carnegie library in the village of Paulding Ohio United States. Constructed in the early twentieth century it is a simple building that has served as the core of Paulding County's library system since its construction and it has been designated a historic site.
 Herman Coors House also known as Roy and Rosalie Cole House was the home of Herman Frederick Coors. It was originally built as a modest bungalow in 1915 by Elmer Johnson a builder who later in 1934 built the brewhouse of the Coors Brewery.
 The Metropolitan Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew or Glasgow Metropolitan Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in the city centre of Glasgow Scotland. It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Glasgow. The Cathedral which was designed in 1814 by James Gillespie Graham in the Neo Gothic style lies on the north bank of the River Clyde in Clyde Street. St. Andrew's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of Glasgow currently the Most Reverend Philip Tartaglia.
 The Lars and Agnes Jensen House at 87 North 800 West in Orem Utah was built in 1885 from hewn logs. It is probably the only remaining log house in Orem.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 St Mary's is located in the centre of the village of Portskewett Monmouthshire. It is a Grade I listed building as of 19 August 1955.
 The Enchanted Valley Chalet is a backcountry lodge in Olympic National Park. The chalet was built in 1930-31 for the Olympic Recreation Company by Tom E. Criswell and his son Glenn about 13 miles (21 km) from the nearest road access. It was a popular destination for hikers and horse tours through the 1940s. In 1943 the chalet was closed as an accommodation. It was used for a short period as an Aircraft Warning Service station during World War II watching for Japanese airplanes.
 The National Historical Museum (Национален исторически музей Natsionalen istoricheski muzey) in Sofia is Bulgaria's largest museum. It was founded on 5 May 1973 and its first representative exposition was opened in 1984 to commemorate 1300 years of Bulgarian history.
 The Penghu Living Museum (Chinese: 澎湖生活博物館; pinyin: Pēnghú Shēnghuó Bówùguǎn) is a museum about the customs and cultureof Penghu in Magong City Penghu County Taiwan.
 The Direct Energy Centre known until June 2006 as the National Trade Centre is the newest building at Exhibition Place in Toronto Canada . It has 10 exhibit halls with 1 million square feet of space. It is connected to the Ricoh Coliseum and the Automotive Building.At the 2015 Pan American Games the venue will host squash racquetball and preliminary matches of both basketball and handball. During the Games it will be known as the Toronto Sports Centre.[citation needed]
 The Basilica of St. Francis (Italian: Basilica di San Francesco alla Rocca) is a parish church and minor basilica in Viterbo central Italy.
 St Philip's Church Alderley Edge is in the village of Alderley Edge Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner described it as large ambitious and unmistakably prosperous-looking.
 Heritage Plaza is a skyscraper located in the Skyline District of downtown Houston Texas. Standing at 762 feet (232 meters) the tower is the 5th tallest building in Houston the 8th tallest in Texas and the 60th tallest in the United States. The building designed by Houston-based M. Nasr & Partners P.C. was completed in 1987 and has 53 floors.
 Anderson Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 899 Steam Mill Ferry Road in Madison Hall Tennessee.It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register in 2007.
 Nelson Welsh Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church located at Nelson Madison County New York. It was built in 1876 and is a one-story three bay by four bay timber frame structure with a gable roof and stone foundation. It measures 34 feet by 55 feet. It features a three-stage bell tower with octagonal spire. Also on the property are a contributing privy and cemetery.
 Ireby Old Church is a redundant Anglican church of which only the chancel remains. It stands in an isolated position 1 mile (2 km) to the west of the hamlet of Ireby Cumbria England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
 The Masonic Temple is a historic building in Riverside California. Constructed in the Classical Revival style in 1908 it served as a Masonic Hall for two local Masonic Lodges. When the Masons moved to new premises in 1955 the building was purchased by Riverside county.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Mark W. Stiles Unit is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice men's prison located in an unincorporated area of Jefferson County Texas near Beaumont. The unit located along Farm to Market Road 3514 is 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of downtown Beaumont. The approximately 776 acres (314 ha) unit is co-located with the Gist Unit and the LeBlanc Unit.The unit opened in June 1993. The unit serves as the University of Texas Medical Branch hub site for treatment of HIV and other infectious diseases.
 Roanoke Warehouse Historic District also known as 'Wholesale Row is a national historic district located at Roanoke Virginia. It encompasses five contributing buildings constructed between 1889 and 1902. All the buildings are constructed of brick two-to-four stories in height and three-to-eleven bays in length. Two of the buildings have exceptional corbeled stepped gables in a Dutch-vernacular tradition.
 The Clovelly Garden Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Richmond Court is a site on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located from 1209 to 1217 Beacon Street in Brookline Massachusetts.
 The Church of St. John Berchmans (French: Saint Jean Berchmans Dutch: Sint Jan Berchmans) is the Roman Catholic church of St Michael College in Brussels Belgium. Founded by the Society of Jesus at the turn of the 20th century the church is dedicated to the Belgian Jesuit saint St. Jan Berchmans.
 The Ópusztaszer National Heritage Park is an open-air museum of Hungarian history in Ópusztaszer Hungary. It was established in 1982 and is most famous for being the location of the Feszty Panorama a cyclorama depicting the arrival of the Hungarians to the Carpathian Basin in 895.
 Marlborough Congregational Church is a historic Congregational Church at 35 S. Main Street in Marlborough Connecticut.It was built in 1842 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Thomas A. Richins House at 405 N. Five Hundred East in Pleasant Grove Utah United States was built in 1897. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.It is built of soft rock.
 The Ely Wright House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Mövenpick Hotel Ramallah is a five-star hotel located in Ramallah. It cost $42.5m (£26.4m) to build.The hotel was first conceived in the 1990s but was delayed due to the political unrest that followed. Construction began in 2000 and was completed 10 years later in November 2010.
 Saskatchewan Hospital was the first mental health hospital to be built in Saskatchewan Canada. Prior to being established patients were sent to hospitals in Manitoba. The first superintendent of the hospital was James Walter MacNeill.
 The former police station situated in Douala is a building constructed at the beginning of the 20th century by the Germans to serve as the first police station under the German mandate.
 The Confederate Monument in Mt. Sterling overlooking Mt. Sterling Kentucky in Montgomery County Kentucky commemorates those who fought for the Confederate States of America. It is inscribed by passages from the Bivouac of the Dead.On July 17 1997 the Confederate Monument in Mt. Sterling was one of sixty-one different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.
 Camp Rockmont for Boys is a Christian residential boys summer camp in Black Mountain North Carolina. Rockmont was founded in 1956 on the former campus of Black Mountain College. Three full sessions including a 13 day a 20 day and a 27 day session are held each summer with each full session also being split into shorter sessions including 6 day or 13 day sessions. Capacity for each session is about 400 boys with each session varying slightly depending on enrollment.
 Riverside Cemetery is an historic cemetery in Pawtucket Rhode Island on 724 Pleasant Street.The cemetery was built in 1874 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Barncastle also known as Kline Cottage is one of the earliest and largest summer cottages in Blue Hill Maine and remains one of its most visible and idiosyncratic.
 The AU Tower is a 35-floor tower in the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The tower has a total structural height of 158 m (517 ft). Construction of the AU Tower was completed in 2009
 The Epic Center is a high-rise building located at 301 N. Main St. in Wichita Kansas. At 325 feet it is the tallest building in the city of Wichita and the entire state of Kansas (One Kansas City Place is in Missouri). The tallest structure in the state is the KWCH Tower.[citation needed]
 Multan Institute of Cardiology (MIC) is the original name of Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi Institute of Cardiology. It is located in Multan city in Pakistan. It was established by Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi former chief minister of Punjab province of Pakistan in 2006.
 Paradise School is an historic school in Middletown Rhode Island.The one room schoolhouse was built in 1875 and held classes until 1955 when it became an administration office. The Middletown Historical Society acquired the building in 1976 and was later restored and holds a small museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The John Cabot House is a historic house located in Beverly Massachusetts. It is owned by the Beverly Historical Society and open to the public five days a week.
 Herkimer County Jail also known as the 1834 Jail is a historic jail in Herkimer Herkimer County New York. It is a two story structure with high basement five bays wide of ashlar limestone blocks with dressed quoins built in 1835. It features a gable roof with oval window and narrow cornice and a Federal style entrance.
 San Tommaso delle Convertite is a small church in Pisa Italy.Documents take note of a church adjacent to an annexed hospital in 1160. In 1610 the grand-duchess of Tuscany Christina of Lorraine commissioned the convent to house rescued (converted) prostitutes hence the name.The church and its façade were rebuilt in 1756-1758 by Camillo Marracci using designs by Ignazio Pellegrini. The church ceiling has the symbols of the patron Christina of Lorraine.
 Carroll Gardens Historic District is a national historic district in Carroll Gardens Brooklyn New York New York. It consists of 134 contributing residential rowhouses built between the 1860s and 1880s. They are two and three story brownstone buildings in neo-Grec and late Italianate styles. They feature uniform setbacks even cornice lines and stoop levels and fenced front yards and landscaped gardens.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Great Wheel was built for the Empire of India Exhibition at Earls Court London in the United Kingdom. Construction began in March 1894 at the works of Maudslay Son and Field in Greenwich and it opened to the public on 17 July 1895. Modelled on the original Chicago Ferris Wheel it was 94 metres (308 ft) tall and 82.3 metres (270 ft) in diameter. It stayed in service until 1906 by which time its 40 cars (each with a capacity of 40 persons) had carried over 2.5 million passengers.
 The Harry Packer Mansion is a historic home located at Jim Thorpe Carbon County Pennsylvania. The mansion was designed by noted architect Addison Hutton and built in 1874. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay wide red brick dwelling in the Italianate style. The front facade features a verandah constructed of green Vermont sandstone and a bell tower attached to the two-story extension.
 The Odeon Tower (French: Tour Odéon) is a double-skyscraper currently being built in the Principality of Monaco. It is the first high-rise in the city-state to be built since the 1980s (high constructions had been abandoned due to architectural concerns sea polders had been preferred).At 170 meters high Tour Odeon will be the second tallest building on Europe's Mediterranean coast after Gran Hotel Bali (186m) in Benidorm Spain.
 The St. Enoch Centre is a shopping mall located in the central area of Glasgow the largest city in Scotland. The Architects were the GMW Architects. The construction undertaken by Sir Robert McAlpine began in 1986 and the building was opened to the public in May 1989.
 The Royal Free Hospital (also known simply as the Royal Free) is a major teaching hospital in Hampstead London. It was rated 'excellent' for quality of services and 'good' for quality of financial management by the Healthcare Commission in 2009. The hospital is part of the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust which is a member of the UCL Partners' academic health science centre.The nearest London Underground station is Belsize Park.
 Chapel House Hereford Road Monmouth Wales is a Georgian townhouse described by the architectural historian John Newman as the best house in the entire street. The house was designated a Grade II* listed building on 27 June 1952.The building is mid-eighteenth century or earlier and of seven bays under a hipped roof. The red-brick walls to the side which give access to a service court and the garden stretching down to the River Monnow are contemporary.
 St. James AME Church is a historic church at 12th St. and Carter Avenue in Ashland Kentucky.It was built in 1912 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Cyrus B. Cobb House is a home built circa 1885-1889 in White Bear Lake Minnesota. The solid brick house was designed in the Queen Anne architectural style. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Upton Hall is the headquarters of the British Horological Institute (BHI) in Upton Newark and Sherwood Nottinghamshire England. It has been the headquarters since 1972. It houses a library and a museum as well as a substantial collection of antique longcase clocks owned by the institute. The hall is open to the public all year round.
 The Apartments at 2 Collier Road were built by developer Henry M. Rice in 1929 in Atlanta Georgia. The apartments were built on lands formerly belonging to George Washington Collier. The Colonial Revival style buildings are of the big house style giving the impression of a single large residence rather than an apartment building.
 Dennison School House is a historic school building (now a private residence) at Dennison Lane in Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the best preserved of two surviving 19th century rural schoolhouses in Southbridge and is unusual for the use of brick in its construction. It is estimated to have been built around 1849 on the site of a previous schoolhouse that dated to 1795.
 The Walasi-Yi Interpretive Center is a small stone building located along US 19/129 at Neels Gap Georgia United States on the eastern side of Blood Mountain. It is notable as the only place where the 2175-mile-long Appalachian Trail passes through a man-made structure.
 The Piccadilly Tower (Eastgate or Inacity Tower) is a proposed development designed by Woods Bagot in Manchester city centre England.
 Government House or 'Fernberg' is located in the Brisbane suburb of Paddington in Queensland Australia. It is the official residence of the Governor of Queensland the representative of Queen Elizabeth II in Queensland.It is to Government House that the Premier travels when he or she wishes to request from the Governor a dissolution of Parliament and the calling of a general election.
 St. Barnabas' Episcopal Church is located in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1864 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 18 1972.
 The Qatar Museums Authority (QMA) is the peak body of museums in Qatar.
 The Age of Steam Roundhouse Sugarcreek Ohio USA is a private roundhouse housing steam and diesel locomotives passenger cars and other railroad equipment.
 Saint George Maronite Cathedral (Arabic: كاتدرائية مار جرجس للموارنة‎) is the cathedral of the Maronite Archdiocese of the city of Beirut Lebanon. Its construction with a Neoclassical facade interior and plan inspired by the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore began in 1884 and ended in 1894.The cathedral was heavily hit and shelled during the Lebanese civil war and was plundered and defaced.
 The Hop-o'-Nose Knitting Mill was a structure representative of the industrial history of Catskill New York in the nineteenth century. The mill was built by Wolfe Bros. carpenters and Mull & Fromer Masons and Builders in 1881 at 130 West Main Street. West Main Street is located on the western side of Catskill Creek while East Main Street is on the eastern side of the creek. The mill was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995 as Hop-O-Nose Knitting Mill.
 The Colfax Carnegie Library in Colfax Indiana is a building from 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 The Tithe Barn at Manor Farm in Doulting Somerset England was built in the 15th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.Tithe barns were used to store tithes from the local farmers to the ecclesiastical landlords. In this case the landlord was Glastonbury Abbey. A tithe (from Old English teogoþa tenth) is a one-tenth part of something paid as a (usually) voluntary contribution or as a tax or levy usually to support a Christian religious organization.
 The Vinton-Boardman Farmhouse is a historic farm at 93 Torrey Road in Southbridge Massachusetts.The Vinton-Boardman Farmhouse was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was built on land that belonged to the Vinton family since 1738. In 1825 (beams originating from c. 1800) the formal 2 over 2 front was added. The home was sold by the Vintons to the Boardman family in 1894. Ms.
 The Holy Trinity Evangelical Church of the Augsburg Confession (Polish: Kościół Świętej Trójcy) also known as Zug's Protestant Church (Polish: Zbór Zuga) is a Lutheran church in Warsaw Poland. This is one of two Augsburg Evangelical churches in Warsaw. Designed and constructed by Szymon Bogumił Zug it is one of the largest churches in Warsaw and one of the most notable for its design.
 Burg Kammerstein/ Ehrenfels is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Lansing Correctional Facility (LCF) is a state prison operated by the Kansas Department of Corrections. LCF is located in Lansing Kansas in Leavenworth County. LCF along with the Federal Bureau of Prison's United States Penitentiary Leavenworth the United States Army Corrections Command's United States Disciplinary Barracks and Midwest Joint Regional Correctional Facility in Fort Leavenworth are the four major prisons that give the Leavenworth area its reputation as a corrections center.
 Marblehead Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Marblehead Harbor Waldron Court Essex Elm Pond and Norman Streets in Marblehead Massachusetts. Among its notable features are Fort Sewall a coastal fortification with origins dating to 1644 and two National Historic Landmarks the General John Glover House and the Jeremiah Lee House.The district features Georgian Federal and other styles of architecture.
 The Francis R. Chown House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon. It is individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is also a contributing property of the King's Hill Historic District. It is located in the Goose Hollow neighborhood.
 Saint Frances of Rome School (The Ursuline-Pitt School) is a historic church at 2105-2117 Payne Street in Louisville Kentucky USA.It was built in 1930 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 The Monte L. Bean Life Science Museum is a natural history museum housed at Brigham Young University in Provo Utah. The museum is named for Monte Lafayette Bean a self-made Seattle-based magnate who entirely funded and paid for the museum building's construction. He also donated many of his own animal trophies to the collection. The Bean Museum opened in 1978 and is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
 The LAB located in San Francisco's historic Redstone Building is a not-for-profit arts organization and performance space founded in 1984.The Lab supports interdisciplinary artists in the development and exhibition of new visual media literary and performing art with a focus on emerging and established experimental artists whose work crosses material cultural and presentational boundaries and encourages new artistic and social dialogue between artists and audiences.The LAB hosts 2 visual and 2 performing artist residencies per year in their main space commingled with a full year of programming including exhibitions performances workshops and panels.
 Smith Street Primary School is an historic school at 396 Smith Street in Providence Rhode Island.The Queen Anne style school was built in 1885 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Westroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall with over 135 stores located in Omaha Nebraska at the intersection of 100th and Dodge Streets (U.S. Route 6). It is the largest mall in the state of Nebraska with 14.5 million customer visits annually.
 See also La Quinta. For the hotel chain see La Quinta Inns & SuitesLaQuinta is a historic house in Bartlesville Oklahoma United States. It was built in 1930 for oil magnate H.V. Foster. The Spanish Colonial Revival house now part of Oklahoma Wesleyan University was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Octagon Barn built in 1881 is an historic octagonal barn located near Jamaica in Richland Township Guthrie County Iowa. On June 30 1986 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The metal band Slipknot filmed the music video for Psychosocial here.
 Escowbeck House a country manor house on Caton Lane in Quernmore near Lancaster Lancashire was constructed in 1842 in extensive parkland and countryside. It is situated overlooking the Crook of Lune south of the road from Lancaster to Caton and Hornby near where the Escow Beck from which it takes its name flows into the River Lune. The name Escow Beck is derived from the Old Norse eski + hofud and bekkr meaning the beck by the ash tree hill.
 Brown House is a historic house at 384 Tremont Street in Rehoboth Massachusetts.The house was built in 1700 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Restaurant Vreugd en Rust is a former restaurant located in The Hague in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1990-1993 Part-owner and head chef Henk Savelberg. Together with some admirers he had set up a company that first exploited restaurant Seinpost and later Vreugd en Rust. In 1993 the company collapsed and Savelberg was bought out.
 The Kalamazoo State Hospital Water Tower is located in Kalamazoo Michigan. It was built in 1895 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972. It is located on the grounds of the Kalamazoo Regional Psychiatric Hospital.The structure was designed by B. F. Stratton from Detroit. He was instructed to come up with a structure that would complement the medieval feeling of the other buildings on the hospital grounds. The is 175 feet tall.
 Hungry Bunny™ started operating its first restaurant in Dammam Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1987. It is owned and operated by Mohammad Al-Dossary a reputed Saudi businessman. The restaurant was well received by customers and two years later another restaurant was opened. The company has 30 branches all over the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and has franchisees in Sultanate of Oman State of Kuwait Kingdom of Bahrain and soon UAE and Qatar.
 Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad (1896 Olympics in Athens Greece). With the exception of 1904 and possible 1916 sailing was always a part of the Olympic program.The Sailing program of 2012 consisted of a total of eight sailing classes (ten disciplines). Eleven Fleet races were scheduled from 29 July 2012 to 11 August 2012 of the coast at Weymouth Bay for each event except for the 49er and the Elliott 6m.
 St George's Shopping Centre formerly The Mall Preston and The Mall St George is a shopping centre in the city of Preston in Lancashire England.
 St John the Divine's Church Morecambe is located in Draycombe Drive Sandylands Morecambe Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Lancaster and Morecambe the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Montreal Planetarium (formerly the Dow Planetarium) is a decommissioned public planetarium located at Chaboillez Square just outside downtown Montreal. It permanently closed in October 2011.
 McKim's School also known as McKim's Free School is a historic school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is an archaeologically accurate Greek-style building. The front façade is designed after the Temple of Hephaestus or Temple of Theseus in Athens Greece in granite. Six freestone Doric columns 17 feet tall support the entablature and pediment. The sides were derived from the north wing of the Propylaia on the Acropolis of Athens.
 Russell Company Upper Mill is an historic structure in Middletown Connecticut built in 1836 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building stands at the junction of Russell Street and East Main Street in South Farms. There is a small pond to the south. East Main Street's commercial and industrial development ends there. To the north small businesses border the street followed by the buildings of Russell Manufacturing Company the area's most dominant feature.
 The Church of St. Vincent (Polish: Kościół św. Wincentego German: St. Vincenzkirche) is the seat of the Greek Catholic cathedral of Wrocław in Poland. The cathedral located in the Old Town district is a Gothic church.
 Catfish Creek Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Latta Dillon County South Carolina. It was built in 1883 and is a pine structure measuring 60 feet long and 40 feet wide. The façade consists of a centrally placed stilted arch entrance with two four-panel sliding doors which become recessed into the wall when opened. An educational building constructed in 1948 adjoins the sanctuary.
 The Caleb Pusey House built in 1683 is the second oldest English house in Pennsylvania open to the public (Wall House in Cheltenham Township is the oldest). Built in a vernacular English yeoman's style it is the only remaining house where William Penn is known to have visited. It stands on the 100 acres (0.40 km2) near Chester Creek which Penn granted Pusey a plantation which the latter named Landing Ford. It is located in what is now Upland near Chester.
 Hrubý Rohozec (German: Groß Rohosetz) is a castle in Turnov Czech Republic. The original structure was connected to a polygonal tower by a defensive wall. Its purpose in the 14th century was to monitor the trade route running below it. Between the two parts of the castle Jan von Šelmberk and later Konrad Kraiger Kraigk built Gothic palaces.
 The Gogebic County Courthouse is a government building located on North Moore Street in Bessemer Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971.
 The Roman villa of Almoinhas is a Roman villa in the civil parish of Loures municipality of Loures dating to the first to fifth century A.D.
 The Blue Earth County Courthouse is the courthouse of Blue Earth County Minnesota United States in the city of Mankato the county seat. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Southwick-Daniels Farm is a historic farm at 286 Mendon Street in Blackstone Massachusetts. The farmstead was established c. 1750 when the oldest portion of the main farmhouse was built and has been in the same family since 1797. This house portion is now the ell of the main house which was built c. 1830. There are three other buildings that date to the 19th century: the barn (c. 1850) the henhouse (c. 1830) and the cider mill (c. 1870).
 ENK Complex Prishtina is a residential and shopping center in Prishtina Kosovo.
 Masjid Taha or Taha Mosque (Arabic: مسجد طه‎) is the only mosque for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Singapore. It is located adjacent to Masjid Khalid a mainstream mosque. Masjid Taha is the only mosque in Singapore not administered by Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura as the religious beliefs of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community do not conforms to the fundamental religious norms of Singaporean Muslims who are predominantly Sunni of the Shafi'i school of thought.
 One America Plaza is the tallest building in San Diego California and a prominent fixture in the waterfront district of the downtown San Diego skyline. The 34-story 152.4 m (500 ft) 623000 sq ft (57900 m2) obelisk-shaped tower was designed by Murphy/Jahn Architects and KMA Architecture. The top of the building bears a striking resemblance to the end of a Phillips-head screwdriver.
 Wianno Historic District is a historic district roughly on East Bay Road Wianno and Sea View Avenues between Nantucket Sound and Crystal Lake in Barnstable Massachusetts.The district features Colonial Revival and Shingle Style architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Woodford Correctional Centre is an Australian prison facility located in Woodford Queensland Australia approximately 80 kilometres north from Brisbane and 30 kilometres from Caboolture.It is a high security facility for male prisoners with a capacity of 988 prisoners in single cell accommodation.Woodford Correctional Centre has a very large industries base with 15 workshops that include manufacturing of furniture steel products upholstery polyethylene rainwater tanks and steel rainwater tanks.
 The Minnesota Correction Facility – Stillwater (MCF-STW) is a close custody (level 4) state prison for men in Minnesota United States.Built 1910–1914 and located in Bayport Washington County it houses 1600 inmates in seven different living areas. Additionally approximately 100 inmates are housed in a nearby minimum security area. It replaced the original territorial prison located just to the north in the city of Stillwater Minnesota.
 Bement-Billings House is a historic home located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It is a 1 1⁄2-story clapboard farmhouse on a random ashlar stone foundation exhibiting characteristic features of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. The house began as a one-room cabin built about 1796 and evolved during the 19th century into the extensive 15-room 30-by-46-foot (9.1 by 14.0 m) structure that exists today. The house underwent extensive renovation in 1977.
 Central Jail Mianwali is an ancient and historical jail in Mianwali Pakistan located on Rawalpindi road nearly 8 kilometers away from Mianwali city.
 Royal Hotel is a luxury hotel in Oran Algeria. One of the most luxurious hotels in Oran it is set in a colonial building dated to 1920 and contains 112 rooms 12 junior suites and 5 senior suites.
 The Joseph and William Russell House is an historic house at 118 North Main Street in Providence Rhode Island.The house was built in 1772 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Nuaimi Tower (Arabic: برج النعيمي‎) is a 40-floor residential tower in Dubai United Arab Emirates. It is located on Sheikh Zayed Road between the first and second interchanges just in front of the Executive Towers.The tower has a total structural height of 172 m (564 ft). It has a distinct pink-colored cladding. Construction of the Nuaimi Tower was completed in 2006.
 Stratford Springs also known as Wheeling Country Club is a country club complex and national historic district located near Wheeling Ohio County West Virginia. The district includes four contributing buildings; the Club House (1902) Franzheim Bungalow Pro and Caddy House and former Servant's Residence. The clubhouse was designed by noted Wheeling architect Frederick F. Faris (1870-1927).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Museum of Papermaking in Duszniki-Zdrój (pl.: Muzeum Papiernictwa) – a museum of the Lower Silesia Voivodeship Selfgovernment located in Duszniki-Zdrój in Poland founded in 1968 in an old 17th century paper mill on the Bystrzyca Dusznicka river.The museum displays mainly exhibitions on the history of paper.
 The Lewis S. Hills House at 126 S. 200 West Salt Lake City Utah is a High Victorian Italianate style house that was built in 1885. It also has been known as Hogar Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1977.It is distinct from Lewis S. Hills House (425 E. 100 South) which is also listed on the NRHP in Salt Lake City.
 The Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art is located in downtown Indianapolis Indiana and houses an extensive collection of Native American art as well as Western American paintings and sculptures collected by businessman and philanthropist Harrison Eiteljorg (1903–1997). The museum houses one of the finest collections of Native contemporary art in the World.
 Grace Episcopal Church is a historic church at 820 Broadway in Paducah Kentucky.It was built in 1873 the design of architect Henry Martyn Congdon and added to the National Register in 1976.
 Langmaid Terrace is a historic apartment complex at 359—365 Broadway in the Winter Hill neighborhood of Somerville Massachusetts. The architecturally eclectic brick building was built 1892-3 by members of the Langmaid family who were local developers. The building is Queen Anne in inspiration with multiple roof lines gables and towers of varying heights and styles. Dormers project from the mansard roof faced with stepped brick.
 Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center located in Hershey Pennsylvania 10 miles (17 km) east of Harrisburg is Penn State’s medical school and academic medical center.
 The Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House is a historic Prairie School house located on Broadway Street in Winona Minnesota United States. Built in 1913 it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Princess Royal Hospital is a teaching hospital located in Apley Castle Telford England.
 Sheldon Farmhouse is a historic home located at Duanesburg in Schenectady County New York. It was built about 1795 and is a two story five bay frame residence on a limestone foundation in a vernacular Federal style. It features a gable roof and interior end chimneys. Also on the property are two contributing barns.The property was covered in a 1984 study of Duanesburg historical resources.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Modern Art Oxford is an art gallery established in 1965 in Oxford England. From 1965 to 2002 it was called The Museum of Modern Art Oxford.The gallery presents exhibitions of modern and contemporary art.
 The Chapel of the Good Shepherd Carlett Park is in Eastham Merseyside England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Rook Lane Chapel was a place of worship and is now an arts centre in Frome Somerset England.Built in 1707 the chapel was the place of worship for nonconformists however congregations dwindled and it closed in the 1960s. It was sold to developers but they were unable to get planning permission for proposed future uses.
 The Blue Jay Inn located in Buffalo Creek Colorado was built in the 1880s and has served the local working lumbermen as a boarding house been a girls retreat operated as an inn and a restaurant. On October 1 1974 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Blue Jay Inn was in operation through the 1990s and is currently undergoing rehabilitation for a planned reopening as a community gathering place.
 The Nathan Loeb House is a house located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The William Smith House is a home located at 412 Oswego Ct. in Aurora Colorado. William Smith arrived in Aurora Colorado in 1882. The house was built in 1910. William Smith is the founder of the Aurora Public school system. He once raised sheep on the property and former owner of land donated for Del Mar Park. He served on the school board for over 50 years and Aurora's first high school was named after him. The house remained in the family until 1983 when his daughter Margaret died.
 The Goff Creek Lodge is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest on the east entrance road to Yellowstone National Park. The ranch was probably established circa 1910 by Tex Kennedy. Built in typical dude ranch style with a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins its period of significance extends from 1929 to 1950.
 The Frank Senour Round Barn also known as the Crandell Barn is a round barn in the vicinity of Blackhawk Vigo County Indiana about 13 miles south of Terre Haute. For its agricultural and architectural significance the barn was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 as part of a Round and Polygonal Barns of Indiana Multiple Listing.
 Volunteer Park is a 48.3-acre (19.5 ha) park in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle Washington USA.
 Thomas Burnham House is a historic home located at Glens Falls Warren County New York. It was built in 1897 and is a massive 2 1⁄2-story square residential building with Queen Anne and Colonial Revival style design elements. It features a large tripartite gambrel-roofed dormer.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Rye African-American Cemetery also known as African Cemetery is a historic cemetery on North Street in Rye New York.It was founded in 1860 and used for burials until 1964. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 Cinc Sentits is a Michelin starred restaurant in Barcelona Spain run by self-taught Chef-Owner Jordi Artal and Maitre-Owner Amèlia Artal.The restaurant was featured in 24 Hours in Barcelona on the television show From Spain With Love with Annie Sibonney.
 Hamilton Round Barn is a historic round barn located near Mannington Marion County West Virginia. It was built in 1911 and is circular in shape measuring 66 feet in diameter and 75 feet high at the center. It features a gambrel roof topped by a six-sided cupola. The barn has horizontal clapboard siding of poplar painted white and a slate roof. In 1985 it was one of only five round and polygonal barns standing in West Virginia.
 The South Side German Historic District is a neighborhood within Quincy Illinois just south of downtown. The neighborhood includes most of Quincy's rich German architecture. The region is also widely known as Calftown named for the number of calves once owned by its inhabitants. It was added into the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1992 with a boundary increase in 1995.
 The George H. Pendleton House is located at 559 Liberty Hill in the Prospect Hill Historic District of Cincinnati Ohio. It was built in 1870 in the French Second Empire style. From 1879 until his death in 1889 this was the residence of Senator George Hunt Pendleton. He was a lawyer and politician. As a U.S. Senator (1879-1885) Pendleton spearheaded civil service reform. He and his committee met here in 1882 to draft the Pendleton Act creating the Civil Service merit system.
 HM Prison Feltham (more commonly known as Feltham Young Offenders Institution) is a prison for male juveniles and Young Offenders Institution located near Feltham town in the London Borough of Hounslow in southwest London England. Feltham Prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 Smuggler's House is an historic house at 361 Pearse Road in Swansea Massachusetts.The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Belle-Hampton also known as Hayfield is a historic home located near Dublin Pulaski County Virginia. It is a two-story brick dwelling that consists of two sections. The original section was built about 1826 and is the two-story three room rear section with a large two-story two-room addition built about 1879 and obscuring the original front. The house exhibits Federal and Italianate style decorative elements.
 Robinsons Magnolia is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Land the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.[citation needed] It is the 32nd mall opened by Robinsons and the 3rd mall in Quezon City with a gross floor area of 108000 square metres. Robinsons Magnolia is part of the four-tower Magnolia Residences where the iconic Magnolia Ice Cream production plant once stood. The ice cream parlor that was associated with it was retained and relocated within the mall.
 Shankend Manor is a sixteenth-century mansion located some six miles south of Hawick close to Whitrope Siding in Scotland. It was constructed to manage the surrounding countryside and now overlooks the Edinburgh Waverley line. The manor fell into disuse during the 1930s and by the 1970s had been removed from local road maps. The Maiden Paps are located close to Shankend.
 The Chicago Postcard Museum is an online private and independent organization that seeks to provide a visual history of Chicago through postcards. Neil Gale Ph.D. Is the museum curator.
 Acacia Prison is a medium security prison facility located in Wooroloo Western Australia. The prison was opened in May 2001.Acacia was the first privately managed prison in Western Australia and was managed by Australian Integration Management Services Corporation (AIMS Corp) for its first five years of operation. Since May 2006 it has been managed by Serco. The prison currently employs over 300 Custodial Officers and 200+ Non Custodial staff to run day to day operation.
 Transfiguration of our Lord Russian Orthodox Church is a Russian Orthodox church is located in Baltimore Maryland. The church belongs to the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia.
 The Convent of São Francisco originally designated the Convent of Nossa Senhora da Vitória (which pertained to the Order of Saint Francis) located in the Largo of Nossa Senhora da Conceição in the civil parish of Vila do Porto municipality of the same name on the island of Santa Maria in the Portuguese in the Azores.
 The Tel Aviv Towers are a complex of four skyscrapers in the city of Tel Aviv Israel. Three buildings in the complex are complete. Towers 1 and 2 are each 140 meters in height have 34 floors and were built between 1998 and 2000. Each has 23000 sqm of residential space and 225 apartments. The towers were designed by Riskin Architects.
 The church is greatly renovated. Removed were four large pillars that supported the cupola. These pillars appear in old photographs of the church interior. A statue of St. Joseph and the Child Jesus beside him is in the style of 18th century ivories and may be from Jesuit times.
 AfE Turm ('AfE Tower') was a 32-storey 116 m (381 ft) skyscraper in the Bockenheim district of Frankfurt Germany. The building was part of the Bockenheim campus of the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University and until 2013 housed the offices and seminar rooms of the departments of Social Sciences and Education.
 North Presbyterian Church was a former Presbyterian church located at 273 Bleecker Street Carmine Street Greenwich Village. Founded 1829 the church building was built 1831-1832 to designs by Town & Davis. Within a few years it changed its name to West Presbyterian Church (New York City). Following a move northward to West 42nd Street in 1860 the building has long since disappeared. The congregation survives in the West-Park Presbyterian Church.
 The State Historical Museum (Russian: Государственный исторический музей Gosudarstvenny istoricheskiy muzyey) of Russia is a museum of Russian history wedged between Red Square and Manege Square in Moscow. Its exhibitions range from relics of prehistoric tribes that lived on the territory of present-day Russia through priceless artworks acquired by members of the Romanov dynasty. The total number of objects in the museum's collection comes to millions.
 The Macdonald Stewart Art Centre (MSAC) is a public gallery and adjoining sculpture park in Guelph on the corner of Gordon Street and College Avenue. MSAC has a permanent collection of over 6600 works which is a focus of research publishing educational programs and touring exhibitions.MSAC is a non-profit charitable organization with four sponsors: the University of Guelph the City of Guelph the Upper Grand District School Board and the County of Wellington.
 Louisa May Alcott School also known as School No. 59 and Reisterstown Road School is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore Maryland United States. It is a Colonial Revival or Georgian Revival structure completed in 1910. The freestanding building rises 3 ½ to 4 levels from brick base to metal cornice.
 Gwydyr Mansions is a block of mansion flats in the centre of Hove part of the English coastal city of Brighton and Hove. Built on the initiative of a Baptist pastor and designed by the prolific architecture firm of Clayton & Black the elegant Flemish Renaissance-style building dates from 1890 and overlooks a central square. As originally built the block had a restaurant and barber shop for residents; the latter is still operational.
 The Burge House is a house located in Houston Texas United States listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Sawhill Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in Taylorstown Pennsylvania.It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.
 The Maid-Rite Sandwich Shop in Springfield Illinois is one of the few remaining early Maid-Rite franchises in the United States. This specific shop claims to have the first drive-thru window in the U.S. The building along historic U.S. Route 66 was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The McKendree United Methodist Church is a United Methodist church in Nashville Tennessee.
 The William Enston Home located at 900 King St. Charleston South Carolina is a complex of many buildings all constructed in Romanesque Revival architecture a rare style in Charleston. Twenty-four cottages were constructed in 1887 along with a memorial chapel at the center with a campanile style tower. An infirmary was added in 1931 and later converted into a superintendent's home.
 The Gardner News Building is an historic commercial building at 309 Central Street in Gardner Massachusetts. The three story brick building was constructed in 1906 for the Gardner News a daily newspaper first published in 1869. The building was designed to resemble and old English printing shop.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 and included in the West Gardner Square Historic District in 1985.
 The First Church of Christ Unitarian also known as First Church of Christ Lancaster and colloquially as the Bulfinch Church is an historic congregation with its meeting house located at 725 Main Street facing the Common in Lancaster Massachusetts. The church's fifth meeting house built in 1816 was designed by noted architect Charles Bulfinch and is a National Historic Landmark.
 Windsor Castle also known as Windsor is a historic home located near Toano James City County Virginia. The house dates to about 1760 and is a 1 1/2-story central passage plan frame dwelling. The house was expanded to its present size in the late-18th or early-19th century. It has a gable roof with dormers sits on a brick foundation and features exterior chimneys.
 Sæbø Church (Norwegian: Sæbø kyrkje) is a parish church in Radøy municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Sæbø. The church is part of the Radøy parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white wooden church was built by Karl Askeland in 1884. The church which seats about 400 people was consecrated on 20 May 1884. There has been a church in Sæbø for centuries.
 Casals Hall (カザルスホール Kazalusu Hōlu) is a concert hall in Ochanomizu Tokyo Japan. It is named in honour of cellist Pablo Casals. The hall opened in 1987 as a venue for chamber music and has a shoebox-style auditorium which seats 511. Arata Isozaki was the architect with acoustic design by Nagata Acoustics.
 Progue House is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was built about 1763 and is a 2-story stone building built into a hillside. It has a 1 1⁄2-story saltbox-style side wing. It is an example of a vernacular German stone farmhouse of the 18th century. Also on the property are a contributing barn four sheds and a privy.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Loudon Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church of the Cumberland Presbyterian denomination located on College Street in Loudon Tennessee.The congregation was established in Loudon in August 1853 although its official records begin in March 1855.The church building which was the congregation's third home is a Carpenter Gothic design. The building was completed and dedicated in 1882. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Dove World Outreach Center is a 50 member non-denominational charismatic Christian church led by pastor Terry Jones and his wife Sylvia. After spending more than 25 years in Gainesville Florida the church sold its 20 acres (8 ha) of property in July 2013 and plans to relocate to Tampa Florida. The church first gained notice during the late 2000s for its public displays and criticism of Islam and gays and was designated as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
 Zion Brick Missionary Church is a historic church in Hanson Kentucky.It was built in 1870 and added to the National Register in 1988.
 St. Louis' Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in North Star Ohio United States. Constructed in the early twentieth century it is one of the newest churches in a heavily Catholic region of far western Ohio but it has been recognized as a historic site because of its unique architecture.
 St Margaret and St James' Church Long Marton is located about 0.5 miles (0.8 km) to the south of the village of Long Marton Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of six local churches to form the benefice of Heart of Eden. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
 The Murray Morgan Bridge also known as the 11th Street Bridge or City Waterway Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge in Tacoma Washington. It originally opened Feb. 15 1913 to replace an 1894 swing-span bridge. The bridge connects downtown with the tideflats it spans the Thea Foss Waterway originally known as the City Waterway.
 William Smith House also known as Brooks is a historic home located at Wrightstown Bucks County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1686 and was a two-story walnut log cabin. A fieldstone addition was built in 1690. The log section was subsequently covered in clapboard. Sympathetic modern additions were built in 1965 and 1968. It is the oldest structure in Wrightstown and one of the oldest in the nation.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 Harmony Hill United Methodist Church (Stillwater United Methodist Church) is a historic church in Stillwater Township Sussex County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1832 and added to the National Register in 1977.
 Gen. Thomas J. Stewart Memorial Armory also known as Norristown Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Norristown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1927-1928 and is a T-plan building consisting of a two-story administration building with a two-story rear drill hall section executed in the Classical Revival style.
 The National Archaeological Museum (Bulgarian: Национален археологически музей Natsionalen arheologicheski muzey) is an archaeological museum in the centre of Sofia the capital of Bulgaria. It occupies the building of the largest and oldest former Ottoman mosque in the city Büyük camii (Grand Mosque) built around 1474 under Mehmed II.
 Gloversville Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Gloversville in Fulton County New York. It is a brick and red sandstone castle-like structure built in 1903-1904 designed to be reminiscent of medieval military structures in Europe. It was designed by State Architect George L. Heins. It consists of a two-story administration building with an attached drill shed.
 West Tower is a 40-storey tall skyscraper in Liverpool England. The building was the second tower to be built by Carillion in Liverpool for property developers Beetham who now use the building as their headquarters.
 The Musée de l'air et de l'espace (English: Aerospace Museum) is a French aerospace museum located at the south-eastern edge of Le Bourget Airport north of Paris and in the commune of Le Bourget. It was inaugurated in 1919 after a proposal by the celebrated aeronautics engineer Albert Caquot (1881–1976).
 Memorial Hospital of South Bend is a short-term acute care hospital located in South Bend Indiana. The hospital was founded in 1894 with three patient beds. Today the hospital has 526 beds and is a designated Level II trauma center.The hospital places a large emphasis on innovation and is the second-largest employer in the St. Joseph County Indiana area.
 Beth Israel Congregation (Hebrew: בית ישראל‎) is a Reform synagogue located at 316 Park Avenue in Florence South Carolina. Formally incorporated with the state of South Carolina in September 1912 Beth Israel grew out of the Florence Hebrew Benevolent Association which was founded in 1887.As of 2009 the rabbi was Jeffrey Ronald. Part-time rabbi Aaron Sherman became spiritual leader of Beth Israel in August 2011.
 60 Wall Street is a 55-story skyscraper (745 feet 227 meters) in Lower Manhattan which currently serves as the American headquarters of Deutsche Bank.
 Stony Creek Plantation also known as Shell House is a historic plantation home located at DeWitt Dinwiddie County Virginia. The original section was built about 1750 and is a 1 1/2-story three-bay center-hall plan house with a two-story perpendicular section added in 1872. The house is T shaped and features massive brick chimneys.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 All Saints' Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 100 Lower Marlboro Road (near the intersection of Southern Maryland Boulevard MD 4 and Solomons Island Road MD 2) in Sunderland Calvert County Maryland. All Saint's Parish was one of the thirty original Anglican parishes created in 1692 to encompass the Province of Maryland. In 1693 its first parish church a log structure was built on an acre of land called Kemp's Desire donated by Thomas Hillary.
 The Cleveland Centre Middlesbrough formally The Mall is a shopping centre that serves the town of Middlesbrough north-east England and is owned TF&C Reit Company.It was called The Cleveland Shopping Centre since its opening in the 1970s until new owners named it The Mall. It was announced in September 2011 that The Mall had been sold for over £80 million to the F&C Reit Company and that the name has been changed back to The Cleveland Centre as of April 2012.
 Tudor Arms Apartments is an historic building in Portland Oregon United States. The five-story building was completed in 1915. It has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1994.The nineteenth-century Tudor Revival/Jacobethan style architecture was designed by noted Portland architect Carl L. Linde. The exterior is brick with decorative white glazed terra cotta lintels. An archway bearing the building's name marks the entrance into a landscaped courtyard.
 Adra Prison is a prison in Syria on the north-east outskirts of Damascus.Civil prisoners and leading political prisoners are held in the prison. In 2010 the prison held 7000 prisoners a dozen of them women. The Washington Post referred to the prison as infamous.
 Westend is a temple-fronted house near Trevilians Virginia. Built in 1849 the house's design refers to the Classical Revival style representing an extension of the Jeffersonian ideal of classical architecture. The house was built for Mrs. Susan Dabney Morris Watson on a property that she had inherited from her late husband. The building project was supervised by Colonel James Magruder.
 The St. Dumitru Church (Romanian: Biserica Sf. Dumitru) is a church in Orhei Moldova.
 St Mary's Church Acton is an active Anglican parish church located in Monk's Lane Acton a village to the west of Nantwich Cheshire England. Since 1967 it has been designated a Grade I listed building. A church has been present on this site since before the time of the Domesday Survey. The tower is the oldest in Cheshire although it had to be largely rebuilt after it fell in 1757.
 The Sherbrooke Nature and Science Museum (French: Musée de la nature et des sciences de Sherbrooke) is a Natural history museum and Science museum in downtown Sherbrooke Quebec Canada. It is located at 225 Frontenac Street in downtown Sherbrooke.The museum receives funding from the City of Sherbrooke the Quebec Ministry of Culture and Communications the Department of Canadian Heritage as well as sponsorships special grants and private funding.
 Fort Tejon in California is a former United States Army outpost which was intermittently active from June 24 1854 until September 11 1864. It is located in the Grapevine Canyon (La Cañada de las Uvas) between the San Emigdio Mountains and Tehachapi Mountains. It is in the area of Tejon Pass along Interstate 5 the main route through the mountain ranges separating the Central Valley from the Los Angeles Basin and Southern California.
 Gasworks Newstead is the commercial residential and retail development at Newstead Brisbane Queensland Australia.The upscale retail precinct includes restaurants cafes shops a supermarket and a public plaza inside the old gas holder.The tall iron structure of the No. 2 gas holder on Skyring Terrace is a remnant of the Gasworks which was established in 1887 as Brisbane's second gas works.
 The South End–Groesbeckville Historic District is located in part of the neighborhood of that name in Albany New York United States. It is a 26-block area south of the Mansion and Pastures neighborhoods with a mix of residential and commercial properties. In 1984 it was recognized as a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.For several decades after the city's founding in the late 17th century it was an undeveloped area.
 Danebod is a historic district in the city of Tyler in the U.S. State of Minnesota. The district comprises a group of buildings dating back to 1888 from Minnesota's oldest Danish immigrant settlement. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 30 1975.
 Emmaus Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church located near Providence Forge New Kent County Virginia. It was built between 1849 and 1852 and is a rectangular simple nave- plan structure in the Greek Revival style. It measures 38 feet wide by 50 feet long. Also on the property is a contributing church cemetery that contains 195 tombstones with dates ranging from 1855 to 1989.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Samuel Ireland House is a historic house at 117 Washington in Somerville Massachusetts. The 1.5 story vernacular cottage was built c. 1792 by Samuel Ireland a farmer. It is the oldest documented house in eastern Somerville and one of the oldest in the city.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Evergreen Lands is a historic home located at Rhinebeck Dutchess County New York. It was designed by noted architect John Russell Pope in the Tudor Revival style. It was built about 1932 and is a one to two story dwelling asymmetrical with a steeply pitched slate hipped roof. The first story is built of fieldstone with stucco and half-timbering above. Also on the property are three contributing sheds and a stone wall.
 Fought's Mill was a gristmill built by Jacob Fought in 1771 in West Buffalo Township Union County Pennsylvania. The mill operated on water received from two dams that had been built on Buffalo Creek. This water power was used to unload the grain from the wagons and raise it to the first and second floor levels by rope and pulley. The grain was then ground between two millstones which were ridged on the joining sides to make flour cornmeal and feed for livestock.
 Prospect Hill is a historic home located at Long Green Baltimore County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story Federal style brick house built between 1796 and 1798.Prospect Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Park Plaza is an upscale shopping center located in midtown Little Rock Arkansas. Opened as an open-air shopping center in 1960 Park Plaza would eventually be joined in the area seven years later by University Mall. The original open-air mall was situated on two retail levels with several fountains and water features. For its first five years it did not have an anchor department store.
 West Schoolhouse is a historic school at 61 Whig Street in Dennis Massachusetts.The school was built in 1770 and added to the National Historic Register in 1975.
 The Kelsey-Seybold Clinic is a large multi-specialty clinic system located in Greater Houston with its administrative headquarters in Shadow Creek Ranch Pearland. The clinic system is a major provider of healthcare for NASA and a center for healthcare research.
 Condominium 1 was the first unit in the Sea Ranch development on the Pacific coast of Sonoma County California. The complex was designed by Charles W. Moore Donlyn Lyndon William Turnbull Jr. and Richard Whitaker of the MLTW partnership in 1963-1964 and was built by contractor Matt Sylvia in 1965. The timber-framed structure overlooks the Pacific Ocean.
 New Era Building is a historic commercial and industrial building located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. It is a three story L shaped brick building in the Queen Anne style. The original section was built in 1890-1891. The rear section was expanded in 1900 1903 and 1914 to accommodate the growing printing company. It originally housed the New Era newspaper and printing company.
 Curtis Champa Streets Historic District is located in Denver Colorado. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and is bounded by Arapahoe 30th California and 24th Sts. covering 870 acres and 356 buildings. In 1983 the boundaries were expanded to roughly 30th Stout Downing and Arapahoe Sts. covering870 acres and 77 buildings.
 Northlake Mall is a major shopping mall northeast of Atlanta in northern DeKalb County Georgia United States. The mall is owned and managed by Simon Property Group.
 Union Wharf is an historic wharf at 295-353 Commercial Street in the North End of Boston Massachusetts.The wharf was built in 1795. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Old Watertown High School is a historic school building at 341 Mount Auburn Street in Watertown Massachusetts. The 3 1⁄2 story brick building was built in 1913 by local architect Charles Brigham. Now an assisted living facility named Brigham House the English Revival structure is one of Watertown's most imposing public buildings standing about one mile east of Watertown center.
 The Sanatorium Purkersdorf was built as a sanatorium in Purkersdorf Wien-Umgebung Lower Austria. It was built in 1904-05 by the architect Josef Hoffmann for the industrialist Victor Zuckerkandl and is an example of the style of the Viennese Secession in architecture.
 The Jack Oughton House near Shoshone Idaho was built in 1931 by stonemason Jack Oughton and by Sandy Reed. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The John B. Gough House also known as Hillside is a National Historic Landmark at 215 Main Street in Boylston Massachusetts. It is significant as the home of temperance orator John B. Gough and as an excellent example of Italianate architecture. Gough was born in England and came to the United States as a child. After the death of his mother in 1835 his life descended into alcoholism until he took a temperance pledge in 1842.
 Church of the Ascension is a historic Episcopal church at High and Broadway Streets in Mt. Sterling Kentucky. It was built in 1878 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 The Patrick L. and Rose O. Ward House at 511 S Main St. in Springville Utah United States was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It was home of Patrick L. Ward station master and superintendent of the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad in Springville.
 The Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr - Flugplatz Berlin-Gatow (Bundeswehr Museum of Military History - Berlin-Gatow Airfield; formally known as Luftwaffenmuseum der Bundeswehr) is the Berlin branch of the Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr. The museum acts as an independent military department. Entrance to the museum is free.The museum is in Berlin at a former Luftwaffe and Royal Air Force (RAF) airfield RAF Gatow.
 St Leodegar's Church is the Anglican parish church of Hunston a hamlet in the Chichester district of West Sussex England. The dedication—rare in England and unique in Sussex—has also been spelt St Ledger historically. A ruinous church dating from the 12th century was dismantled and rebuilt by prolific ecclesiastical architect Arthur Blomfield in 1885 but some old features were retained.
 Arag Tower is a 31-storey 124.9 m (410 ft) office skyscraper in the northern district of Mörsenbroich Düsseldorf Germany. The tower is the tallest building in Düsseldorf and it serves as headquarters for the European insurance company the ARAG Group.The architect firms of Foster and Partners and Rhode Kellermann Wawrowsky collaborated on the project and Hochtief AG project management. Construction took place between 1998 and 2001 with the final cost of the building being €46 million.
 The Frank Silas Doernbecher House is a house located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.The house was built circa 1903 for Portland businessman Frank S. Doernbecher (1861–1921) who founded the Doernbecher Furniture Company in Tacoma Washington and upon moving to Portland in 1900 established the Doernbecher Manufacturing Company.
 The Capitol Hill Historic District in Salt Lake City Utah was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It was originally roughly bounded by Beck Main and Wall Sts. 300 North Victory Rd. and Capitol Blvd. and includes the Utah State Capitol. The district was increased in 2002 to include an area roughly bounded by 300 North 400 West 800 North Wall St. and 200 West.
 The Bishop Manor Estate is a historic estate near St. Elmo in rural Mobile County Alabama United States. Contributing to the National Register of Historic Places listing are a main house a five bay garage a guest house two outbuildings a swimming pool and a pavilion. Spread over a formally landscaped 7 acres (2.8 ha) the Mediterranean Revival style estate was built in 1925 by Steven Bishop. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 14 1985.
 Valley Grove refers to two religious buildings built on a grassy knoll by Norwegian immigrants near Nerstrand in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The Greek Revival churches are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The older stone building was built in 1862 and is currently undergoing renovation; the Valley Grove Preservation Society obtained a fifty-year lease on the building from the Valley Grove Grace Cemetery Association in 2007.
 The Fraternal Hall at 2nd and Chestnut Sts. in Kimball Nebraska was built in 1903-04. It includes Classical Revival architecture. It is now operated as Plains Historical Museum.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Castle of Aamaj (from Arabic: قلعة آماج‎ (Persian: قلعه آماج‎) Aamaj castle is one of the most remarkable examples for fortified structures surrounded by trench in Kukherd District Hormozgan Province in south Iran. LocationAamaj castle was a squared fortified structure situated 1000 away from Kukherd city and located on an average hill above the palm oasis at southern west of Kukherd city which added remarkably to its altitude and height.
 St. Luke's Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church at 253 Glen Street in Sea Cliff Nassau County New York.The congregation was formed in 1889 with services taking place at the old Sea Cliff Hotel. Parishioner F. W. Geissenhainer donated land for a permanent church in 1892 with the cornerstone laid the same year.Completed in 1894 the church building is a 1 1⁄2-story shingled and clapboard structure with a steeply pitched slate-covered gable roof.
 Rincón de Luz is a fictional orphanage and the primary setting for the first four and the last two seasons of the Argentine television series Chiquititas. The exceptions are Chiquititas Season Five where the story takes place in a granary and Chiquititas Sin Fin in which the children have a different home.Rincón de Luz (literally Corner Of Light) is also the title of a Chiquititas spin-of series that shares a similar plot created by Cris Morena.
 Bgheno-Noravank Monastery (Armenian: Բղենո-Նորավանք; not to be confused with Noravank Monastery in the Vayots Dzor Province) is an 11th-century Armenian monastery in the Syunik Marz of Armenia. It now consists of a small church dating to 1062 located on a little wooded promontory and ornately decorated with borders and biblical reliefs. The ruins of this church were rediscovered in the 1920s by Axel Bakunts a well-known prose writer during one of his wanderings as an agronomist.
 55 Public Square (formerly known as the Illuminating Building after the Illuminating Company the building's primary tenant) is a 22-story skyscraper located at number 55 Public Square the town square of downtown Cleveland Ohio. Designed by Carson Lundin & Shaw Architects it is 300 feet (91 m) tall was completed in 1958 and was the first new skyscraper built in Cleveland since the Terminal Tower complex was completed in 1930.
 St. Edwards Church is a historic church at 823 Sherman in Little Rock Arkansas.It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register in 1982.
 Formerly the IBM Building 590 Madison Avenue is a 603 feet (184 m) tall skyscraper at the corner of 57th street in New York City New York. It was completed in 1983 and has 41 floors. The building cost US$10 million has 93592 square metres (1007420 sq ft) of floor area has 24 elevators and is the 89th tallest building in New York. Edward Larrabee Barnes & Associates designed the building and IBM developed it. IBM sold the tower to E.J. Minskoff Equities Inc in 1994.
 Karlštejn Castle (Czech: Hrad Karlštejn; German: Burg Karlstein) is a large Gothic castle founded 1348 AD by Charles IV Holy Roman Emperor-elect and King of Bohemia. The castle served as a place for safekeeping the Imperial Regalia as well as the Bohemian/Czech crown jewels holy relics and other royal treasures. Located about 30 km southwest of Prague above the village of the same name it is one of the most famous and most frequently visited castles in the Czech Republic.
 Shippen Manor is located in Oxford Township Warren County New Jersey United States. The manor was built in 1755 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 20 1984.
 Apollo KH Hospital is a multi speciality hospital located at Melvisharam in the city of Vellore Tamil Nadu. This hospital is a product of joint venture between Apollo Hospitals Chennai and KH Group Melvisharam Vellore who perceived the need of a hospital in this region.
 High Glanau (also known as High Glanau Manor) is a country house and Grade II* listed building within the community of Cwmcarvan Monmouthshire Wales. It is located about 5 miles (8.0 km) south-west of Monmouth and 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Trellech adjoining the B4293 road and with a spectacular view westwards over the Vale of Usk. It is particularly noted for its gardens.
 Vision Brisbane (or simply Vision) was a planned 283-metre (928 ft) skyscraper in Brisbane Australia. The design was 72 storeys high and would have become Brisbane's tallest Queensland's second tallest and Australia's third tallest building if completed.
 The Mosque–Cathedral of Córdoba (Spanish: Mezquita–catedral de Córdoba Mezquita de Córdoba) also called the Mezquita and the Great Mosque of Córdoba or the Cathedral of the Assumption of Our Lady is a medieval Islamic mosque that was converted into a Roman Catholic Christian cathedral in the Spanish city of Córdoba Andalusia. The mosque is regarded as one of the most accomplished monuments of Moorish architecture.
 Fort Edward is a National Historic Site of Canada in Windsor Nova Scotia Canada (formerly known as Pisiguit) and was built during Father Le Loutre's War. The British built the fort to help prevent the Acadian Exodus from the region. The Fort is most famous for the role it played both in the Expulsion of the Acadians (1755) and in protecting Halifax Nova Scotia from a land assault in the American Revolution.
 Pratt Rock also known as Pratt's Rock is a rockface or other landform that includes a series of stone carvings in Prattsville New York depicting the life of Zadock Pratt. Pratt was supposed to be buried in a tomb carved into the stone but work was stopped after only a small recessed chamber was created because water leaked through the rock overhead and excavating the stone was providing to be too difficult. The rock was originally a monument for Pratt's son George W.
 David S. Creigh House also known as the Montescena and Boone Farm is a historic home located near Lewisburg Greenbrier County West Virginia. Although the house has outstanding architectural features it is most known for being the site of the 1863 death of a Union soldier which led to the execution of David S. Creigh the owner in 1864.The house was built for Creigh in 1834 and is a 2 1/2 story brick rectangular residence.
 Hadsel Church (Norwegian: Hadsel kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Hadsel just east of the town of Stokmarknes on the island of Hadseløya. The church is part of the Hadsel parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red wooden octagonal church building was constructed in 1824 and it seats about 500 people.
 The Bigelow Hotel is a historic hotel located at 2510 Washington Blvd. in Ogden Utah United States. It has also been known as the Ben Lomond Hotel Radisson Hotel and Ben Lomond Historic Suite Hotel. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It is notable for its Italian Renaissance Revival architectural significance and as the setting of historical events.
 Saifabad Palace is a palace belonging to the Nizams of Hyderabad state. It is now known as Andhra Pradesh Secretariat's G Block.
 The Museum of Contemporary Design and Applied Arts (French: Musée de design et d'arts appliqués contemporains MUDAC) is a museum in Lausanne Switzerland.
 Westwood Mall was a shopping mall located in the Westwood business development in Houston Texas. The mall was located at the intersection of U.S. Route 59 and Bissonnet Street in the Westwood portion of the Alief area in southwest Houston.Westwood Mall opened in 1975.
 Science North is an interactive science museum in Greater Sudbury Ontario Canada.The complex which is Northern Ontario's most popular tourist attraction consists of two snowflake-shaped buildings on the southwestern shore of Ramsey Lake just south of the city's downtown core as well as a former ice hockey arena which includes the complex's entrance and an IMAX theatre. The snowflake buildings are connected by a rock tunnel which passes through a billion-year-old geologic fault.
 Pikeville Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church is a historic African-American church on E. Valley Drive in Pikeville Tennessee.The church was built in 1870 during Reconstruction. It was used by multiple congregations and also served as the community's black school until 1925 when a Rosenwald school (Lincoln School) was built. A survey of Tennessee African-American churches conducted in the 1990s identified it as the oldest extant African-American church building in the state.
 Gorgas Hospital was a U.S. Army hospital in Panama City Panama named for Army Surgeon General William C. Gorgas (1854–1920).Built on the site of an earlier (1882) French hospital called L'Hospital Notre Dame de Canal it was originally (1904) christened Ancon Hospital by the Americans. It was originally built of wood but was rebuilt in concrete in 1915 by Samuel Hitt. It was renamed Gorgas Hospital in 1928.Gorgas Hospital is located on Ancon Hill. It was managed by the U.S.
 The Ducal Castle in Szczecin Poland was the seat of the dukes of Pomerania-Stettin of the House of Pomerania (Griffins) who ruled the Duchy of Pomerania from 1121 to 1637.
 The Birches in Belgrade Lakes Maine is an historic house built in 1916. The architects were John Calvin Stevens and his son John Howard Stevens.'The Birches' was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The James A. Byrne United States Courthouse is a Federal courthouse in the Center City region of Philadelphia. The court houses the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. It is located at 601 Market Street between N. 6th and N. 7th Streets next to Independence Mall. The building is named after James A. Byrne a former Democrat in the U.S.
 The Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies (FPWA) is a social services institution in New York City. FPWA has since its inception in 1922 had the goal of promoting the social and economic well-being of greater New York’s most vulnerable people by strengthening human service organizations and advocating for just public policies. Its building formerly known as the Church Missions House is an historic landmark.
 Grantham Hospital (Chinese: 葛量洪醫院) is a specialist cardiothoracic hospital located at Wong Chuk Hang and is part of the Hong Kong West cluster. It is a tertiary referral centre providing specialist service in cardiothoracic surgery cardiology paediatric cardiology tuberculosis & chest medicine and cardio-pulmonary infirmary.
 The Flynn Farm Mansion and Barn comprise a historic district located in Urbandale Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. From 1914 to 1967 it was owned by the state of Iowa and was part of the Clive Honor Prison Farm. After that it became part of an agricultural museum Living History Farms.
 Christ Church (Episcopal) is an Episcopal church in Greenville South Carolina United States. which was consecrated in 1854. The church and its courtyard are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Christ Church (Episcopal) and Churchyard. It is the oldest organized religious body and the oldest church building remaining in Greenville.
 Pacific Park Plaza is a 30-story residential building located in Emeryville California. Standing at 96.9 m tall Pacific Park Plaza is the tallest building in Emeryville.Pacific Park Plaza was completed in 1984. The apartments are a mix of one-bed and two-beds. Residents and homeowners can join the Pacific Park Plaza Homeowners Association.
 Henry's Grove is a historic home located at Berlin Worcester County Maryland United States. It was built in 1792 and is a 2 1⁄2-story gable-roofed brick house with all walls laid in Flemish bond. The house retains virtually all of its original interior detailing. Also on the property are a 20th-century frame tenant house and four frame outbuildings.
 The Masonic Lodge in Missoula Montana is a Beaux Arts building from 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Rose Hill Cemetery is in Macon Georgia U.S. The cemetery opened in 1840. It was a hangout and artistic inspiration for the Allman Brothers Band during their early years. The Allman Brothers' slide guitarist Duane Allman and bassist Berry Oakley are interred here side by side.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 HM Prison Frankland is a Category A men's prison located in the village of Brasside in County Durham England. Frankland is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 The Jiji Military History Park (Chinese: 集集軍史公園; pinyin: Jíjí Jūnshǐ Gōngyuán) is a historical park in Jiji Township Nantou County Taiwan about the Republic of China Armed Forces.
 The Catholic Church (Romanian: Biserica Catolică; Hungarian: Katolikus templom) is a church in Șimleu Silvaniei Romania.The church was built in 1534 by Transylvania's voivode Báthory István and his wife with the occasion of theirs son's birth.
 The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania (HUP) is a hospital affiliated with the University of Pennsylvania Health System located in the University City section of West Philadelphia. The hospital was founded at its current location in 1874 by the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine making it the oldest university-owned teaching hospital in the country. For 2013-14 U.S. News & World Report ranked HUP at #11 on its list of the best hospitals in the nation.
 Kagyu Samye Dzong London Tibetan Buddhist Centre for World Peace and Health is the London branch of Kagyu Samye Ling Monastery in Scotland. Kagyu Samye Dzong London is under the direct guidance of Chöje Akong Tulku Rinpoche and Venerable Lama Yeshe Losal Rinpoche the co-founder and Abbot of Samye Ling respectively.
 The William Steele House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It dates from c.1850. It includes Central passage plan and other architecture.When listed the property included three contributing buildings and three contributing structures on an area of 5.5 acres (2.2 ha).The NRHP eligibility of the property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 Monte Verde also known as Omnium Hill is a historic plantation home located at Center Cross Essex County Virginia. It was built about 1815 and is a two-story frame dwelling clad in weatherboard. It has two one-story wings added in 1958. The interior features original Federal style woodwork.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Crowne Plaza Belgrade is a four-star hotel located in the Belgrade municipality of Novi Beograd Serbia. With its 387 rooms and 29 suites it holds the distinction of being the biggest hotel in the city capacity-wise.Opened in 1979 after getting built with state funds provided through Genex foreign trade company led at the time by the state-appointed CEO Miodrag Miki Savićević the hotel originally operated as Hotel Beograd InterContinental part of the InterContinental chain.
 Church of St. Dismas the Good Thief is a historic Roman Catholic church at the Clinton Correctional Facility on Cook Street in Dannemora Clinton County New York. The church was built between 1939 and 1941 and is a large Neogothic inspired stone chapel. It was constructed of fieldstones salvaged from several 19th century stone structures already on the site including the prison's first cell block. The rectangular building measures 52 feet (16 m) by 132 feet (40 m).
 Congregation Beth Jacob is an Orthodox congregation located at 1855 Lavista Road in Atlanta Georgia. It is Atlanta's largest Orthodox congregation.The synagogue first held services in the fall of 1942 for traditional Jews living on the north side of the railroad tracks (today's Old Fourth Ward). It was officially founded in 1943 by eight individuals who were concerned with what they saw as a move away from Orthodoxy by Atlanta's Ahavath Achim synagogue.
 The Frick Building is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania United States. The tower was built by and is named for Henry Clay Frick an industrialist coke producer who created a portfolio of commercial buildings in Pittsburgh.
 The Donovan Robeson House is a historic house in Greenville Ohio United States. Located along Fourth Street west of downtown the Robeson House has been ranked as the city's most significant Queen Anne mansion.
 Walnut Grove also known as the Andrew Beirne House is a historic home located near Union Monroe County West Virginia. It is a T shaped dwelling that integrates four separate structures. The oldest date to the 1780s and incorporates two two-story log buildings. Attached to them is a formerly detached log kitchen. A two-story Greek Revival-style brick addition was built after 1825. The entrance is in this section and features a one-story porch supported by square columns.
 The Eastern Michigan University Student Center is Eastern Michigan University's student union. Since its opening in 2006 the EMU Student Center replaced McKenny Union as the student hub of campus life. The building is simply referred to as The Student Center by students faculty and staff. The building is located in University Park near the Rec/IM and Library. It is also the location of the EMU Bookstore a 24/7 computer lab two art galleries various offices and Admissions.
 The Prentice Co-operative Creamery Company is located in Prentice Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Scottish Rite Cathedral of San Antonio Texas is located at 308 Avenue E in San Antonio. Construction began on it in 1922 and was completed in 1924 at a cost of $1.5 million.It is a 5.5-story building in the style of a classic revival temple and serves as a headquarters and meeting place for Scottish Rite Masonry in San Antonio and for the South Texas Region.
 The Château de Fontaine (Dutch: Kasteel de Fontaine) is a chateau in the municipality of Onhaye in the Belgian province of Namur. It is located south of the village of Anthée.The chateau was built near the intersection of the main road from Namur to Luxembourg and the road from Dinant to Liège.The chateau lies to the south of the village of Anthée in a valley surrounded by woods.
 The Hoosick Falls Armory is located along Church Street (NY 22) in the village by that name in New York United States. It is a red brick building with castellated tower dating to the late 19th century.One of many armories in New York designed by state architect Isaac Perry it is one of his earlier armories more restrained and less imposing than those he built later in his career. It has remained mostly intact since its construction.
 The Pine Mill Bridge is an historic structure located in Wildcat Den State Park in rural Muscatine County Iowa United States. Built in 1878 near the Pine Creek Gristmill it is the only place in Iowa where a mill and bridge combination remains in place. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as a part of the Highway Bridges of Iowa MPS.
 The Ohio Theatre is a historic movie theater in downtown Lima Ohio United States. Built in 1927 the theater is a brick and concrete structure featuring multiple architectural styles.
 Irvine Park is a neighborhood just west of downtown Saint Paul Minnesota United States that contains a number of historic homes. The neighborhood was platted by John Irvine and Henry Mower Rice in 1849. At the center of the neighborhood is Irvine Park a New England-style public square. The neighborhood is a district listed on the National Register of Historic Places and also designated by the city as a historic district.The neighborhood suffered for much of the twentieth century.
 Allen Temple A.M.E. Church is a historic church at 109 Green Avenue at the junction with S. Markley Street in Greenville South Carolina.It was built in 1929 in a Classical Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum is dedicated to documenting the history of the United States Navy. The museum will be permanently housed in the USS Edson a retired United States Navy destroyer that has recently been converted to a museum. The museum is located in Bay City Michigan United States. The man responsible for this destroyer being opened for a museum is Mike Kegley the president of the Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum who has worked on the project for the last fifteen years.
 Mount Lubentia is a historic home located at Largo in Prince George's County Maryland United States. It is an elegantly detailed 2 1⁄2-story Georgian/Federal-style Flemish bond brick house probably built about 1760 and substantially renovated in the late 1790s by Enoch Magruder and his son Dennis of Harmony Hall.
 The Black Swan Hotel is a traditional inn and hotel in Devizes Wiltshire. Overlooking the Market Place on the A360 road the inn was built in 1737. It is associated with the nearby Wadworth Brewery. The inn is reputedly haunted; a young woman in a long dress is said to wander the corridors and walk through the walls.
 Barker Dam also known as the Big Horn Dam is a water-storage facility located in Joshua Tree National Park in California. The dam was constructed by early cattlemen including CO Barker in 1900. It was raised in 1949 by rancher William F. Keys. It is situated between Queen Valley and the Wonderland of Rocks near the Wall Street Mill. It is a gathering place for desert wildlife including many species of birds and Desert Bighorn Sheep.
 80 South Street was a residential skyscraper proposed for construction in New York City. The building was planned for construction in Lower Manhattan and designed by renowned Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava. However the project was canceled on April 16 2008 in the wake of a declining real estate market.
 Park Street District is a historic district around Park Tremont and Beacon Streets near Beacon Hill and Boston Common in downtown Boston Massachusetts. Park Street was named after the park it borders Boston Common.The area was settled by Puritan settlers from Great Britain in the 17th century. Park Street is across from the Massachusetts State House and adjacent to Boston Common and it includes several prominent buildings.
 Fort Sackville was a British fort located in present-day Bedford Nova Scotia that was built during Father Le Loutre's War. The British built the fort adjacent to present-sent day Scott Manor House on a hill overlooking the Sackville River to help prevent French Acadian and Mi’kmaq attacks on Halifax. The fort consisted of a blockhouse a guard house a barracks which housed 50 soldiers and outbuildings all encompassed by a palisade. Not far from the fort was a rifle range.
 Weldon House is a historic hotel located at East Durham in Greene County New York. It was built in 1923 it is a two story frame building with a main section measuring 58 feet by 31 feet (18 meter by 9½ meters) and a rear ell measuring 58 feet by 27 feet (18 meters by 8 meters). It features a broad verandah along three sides of the main section. Additions were completed in about 1945 and 1965. The structure contains 60 guest rooms that could house up to 140 guests.
 Lebold Mansion is a Victorian-era house in Abilene Kansas USA. The mansion was built in 1880 by banker Conrad Lebold. Constructed of native Kansas limestone it is considered to be one of the finest Victorian decorative art museums in the midwest. Lebold Mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.The museum has been featured in Victorian Homes Magazine and Victorian Decorating Magazine.
 Dole Manor (Latvian: Doles muižas pils; German: Schloss Dahlen) is a manor house on Dole Island in the Daugava River in the historical region of Vidzeme in central Latvia not far from Riga. The first owner of the estate was Swedish army Colonel Nikolauss Deetrih Sperreuter in 1631. The current manor was built in 1898 in Neo-Romantic style. After 1921 it housed a primary school after 1954 a fishermen's club. Since 1977 the Daugava River Museum has been located in the manor house.
 Trinity Episcopal Cathedral in Portland Oregon is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon of The Episcopal Church. The cathedral is located at 147 N.W. 19th Ave. Portland Oregon 97209 in the Northwest District.The legal name of the cathedral corporation is Trinity Episcopal Cathedral Portland Oregon.
 The Shard also referred to as the Shard of Glass Shard London Bridge and formerly London Bridge Tower is an 87-storey skyscraper in London that forms part of the London Bridge Quarter development. The Shard's construction began in March 2009; it was topped out on 30 March 2012 and inaugurated on 5 July 2012. Practical completion was achieved in November 2012.
 The Basilica of Panagia Limeniotissa(Greek: Βασιλική της Παναγίας Λιμενιώτισσας) is a ruined basilica in Paphos Cyprus. It was built at the beginning of the 5th century and it is dedicated to Our Lady of the Harbour.The basilica of Panagia Limeniotissa is situated in a short distance north of Paphos harbour close to the restaurants of the harbour and it is part of the Paphos Archaeological Park. Visitors can see some colourful mosaics and a few restored columns.
 St. Andrew's Cathedral is an Episcopal cathedral located in Jackson Mississippi United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Mississippi. St. Andrew's is the third church to serve as the diocesan cathedral.
 The Darwish Pasha Mosque (Arabic: جامع درويش باشا‎ transliteration: Jami Darwish Pasha Turkish: Derviş Paşa Camii) is an early Ottoman-era mosque in Damascus Syria located along the Street Called Straight. The mosque was erected in 1574 by the Ottoman governor of Damascus Darwish Pasha.
 Independent Presbyterian Church is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) located on the Southside in Birmingham Alabama. Initially started by a group of 25 following controversy over doctrinal issues within a local congregation the church now has approximately 2400 members.
 Donk's Theatre is a historic movie theater located at Hudgins Mathews County Virginia. It was built in 1946-1947 and is a vernactular rectangular building constructed of rusticated cinder and concrete block painted white and cream with Art Deco style details. The building measures 50 feet by 100 feet and consists of the central theatre entrance storefronts and a 504 seat auditorium. The theatre remained a motion picture venue until 1970 when it closed.
 The Broadway Historic District is located along Broadway in affluent Saratoga Springs New York United States. It has a twofold character. The southern section is the commercial core of the city with many of its important public and private buildings most intact from the its peak days as a resort town in that era.
 The Saudi-Pak Tower is an office building in the Blue Area section of Islamabad Pakistan.The high-rise tower comprises 19 floors where more than a dozen multinational companies are operating including European Companies American TV channels and multinationals from Chinese and Middle Eastern region.The tower designed by Nayyar Ali Dada serves as a local landmark and is noted for its almost solid exterior.
 Hampton Plantation also known as Hampton Plantation House and Hampton Plantation State Historic Site is a building that evolved from a settler's home to become a Georgian style mansion. It is South Carolina's finest example of a large two-and-a-half frame Georgian plantation house.It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Belgrade Fair – Hall 1 is Belgrade Fair's largest exhibition space. The hall opened to the public in 1957. It was the world's largest dome between 1957 and 1965 and is Europe's largest dome.
 Ruijin Hospital (Chinese: 瑞金医院) is a renowned general hospital in Shanghai China with the rank of Grade 3 Class A (Chinese: 三级甲等). It is a university hospital affiliated to School of Medicine Shanghai Jiao Tong University.The hospital was founded in 1907 formerly known as St. Marie Hospital (广慈医院). It has a land area of 120000 sq. meters among which buildings cover 245000 sq. meters and green field 40000 sq. meters.
 100 Van Ness Avenue is a skyscraper in San Francisco currently undergoing a conversion from office to residential use. It is located in the Civic Center neighborhood near the San Francisco City Hall on Van Ness Avenue.
 The Saint John the Baptist Church (Croatian: Crkva svetog Ivana Krstitelja) is a Roman Catholic church in Podhum Livno Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Church of St Augustine of Hippo in Lyttelton Road Edgbaston Birmingham England is a parish church in the Church of England.
 The Palace of Moncloa or Moncloa Palace (Spanish: Palacio de la Moncloa) located in the Ciudad Universitaria (University City) ward of Madrid (part of Moncloa-Aravaca district) has been the official residence for the Prime Minister of Spain since 1977 when Adolfo Suárez moved the residence from the Palace of Villamejor on the Paseo de la Castellana (currently the seat of the Ministry of Territorial Policy).
 The Marshalsea was an infamous prison in England located on the south bank of the River Thames in Southwark now part of London. From at least the 14th century until it closed in 1842 it housed a wide variety of prisoners including men under court martial for crimes at sea and unnatural crimes and well-known intellectuals and political figures accused of sedition.
 The Ernest Hemingway House officially known as the Ernest Hemingway Home & Museum was the residence of author Ernest Hemingway in Key West Florida United States. It is located at 907 Whitehead Street across from the Key West lighthouse close to the Southern coast of the island. On November 24 1968 it was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
 David Stewart Farm also known as Rock Valley Farm is a historic house and farm located near Triadelphia Ohio County West Virginia. The main house was built about 1812 and is a two-story sandstone dwelling. It is a rectangular single pile center-hall structure. Also on the property are asandstone spring house with workshop above corncrib washhouse and old barn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Brotherhood Winery is commonly acknowledged to be the oldest operating winery in the United States. It is located in Washingtonville New York a community in the Hudson Valley and produced its first commercial vintage in 1839. In 2000 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The winery uses the slogan America's Oldest Winery.
 The Masonic Temple in Port Hope Michigan is a building from 1867. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.The building has served as the main social and public building of Port Hope. Its architecture is vernacular with a smattering of Greek Revival/Classical Revival elements.The building eventually became the Rubicon Township Hall.
 Philips-Thompson Buildings was a set of two historic commercial buildings located at Wilmington New Castle County Delaware. They were built about 1884 and were two three-story red brick buildings. They had a row of square decorative terra cotta tiles divides the second and third stories. They featured a corbelled brick cornice and sunburst decorations capping the central bays. The buildings housed a wholesale farm supply company wholesale grocers and produce shops.
 The McCanna-Hubbell Building also known as the AG&E Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Albuquerque New Mexico. Built in 1915 it is a two-story brick structure with a prominent cornice. From 1917 to the mid-1960s the building was the headquarters of the Albuquerque Gas & Electric Company which later became the Public Service Company of New Mexico (PNM).
 The Bogor Palace (Indonesian:Istana Bogor) is one of 6 Presidential Palaces in Indonesia. The palace is noted for its distinctive architectural historical features as well as the adjoining botanical gardens. Istana Bogor was opened to the public in 1968 to public tour groups (not individuals) with the permission of the then President of Indonesia Suharto.
 Old Homestead also known as Pine Grove Farm and Honey Creek Farm is a historic home located at Little Beaver Township Lawrence County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1824 and 1825 and is a 2 1/2-story Federal style dwelling with a gable roof. The building measures 39 feet 4 inches by 38 feet 6 inches. It features unusual stepped front and rear walls.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 HM Prison Won Wron was a minimum security Australian prison located in Won Wron Victoria. It was closed in late 2004 and the subsequent proposal to set up an Indigenous rehabilitation facility on the site was opposed by the local community of Yarram.HM Prison Won Wron was noteworthy in that it held a fun-run with the tongue-in-cheek name of Prisoners on the Run annually on Easter Sunday with the goal of raising funds to help support disabled and disadvantaged children in the Gippsland area.
 The Angell-Ballou House is an historic house at 49 Ridge Road in Smithfield Rhode Island.The house was built in 1800 in a Federal style. It was added to the National Register in 2004.
 The Church of St John the Baptist Barnack is a Church of England parish church in the village of Barnack now in the Peterborough unitary authority of the ceremonial county of Cambridgeshire England. Barnack was part of the Soke of Peterborough an historic area that was traditionally associated with Northamptonshire. Barnack is 3.5 miles (6 km) south-east of Stamford in Lincolnshire.
 Aspendale near Kenton Kent County Delaware is a house and small plantation that has survived intact since the late 18th century. At least at the time of its landmarking in 1970 it was one of few houses built before 1800 that was continuously owned by the same family. It consists of a small 2 story brick house and various outbuildings.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
 The Franciscan Church (German: Franziskanerkirche) and Franciscan Monastery (German: Franziskanerkloster) are a church and associated monastery in the centre of the city of Graz Austria. The monastery was founded by the Franciscan order who still own it and is first mentioned in 1239.In the church a high but narrow 14th-century chancel contrasts with the comparatively low and wide nave.
 Indooroopilly Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of Indooroopilly which is located in the city of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It is the largest shopping centre in the western suburbs of Brisbane by gross lettable area and contains the only Myer store in that region.
 Since 1815 three separate buildings have served as the Gibson County Courthouse in Princeton Gibson County Indiana. The current building was constructed in 1884 and is located at the intersection of Indiana State Road 64 and Indiana State Road 65. It is an example of Romanesque Revival architecture and was the model for Department 56's Original Snow Village Courthouse. Gibson County's Courthouse is of similar design to the Johnson County Courthouse in Franklin Indiana.
 Fireman's Hall is a historic fire hall located at Alfred in Allegany County New York. It was built in 1890-1891 by volunteer firemen as the first home of the A.E. Crandall Hook & Ladder Co. It is a massive three story brick and sandstone structure that features an imposing bell / clock tower. The clock designed by Seth Thomas was donated by the Samuel Stillman family after the Village ran out of funds for the hall. The weather vane atop depicts a firefighter on a ladder.
 National City Christian Church located on Thomas Circle in Washington D.C. is the national church of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) often abbreviated as the Disciples of Christ or Christian Church. The denomination grew out of the Stone-Campbell Movement founded by Thomas Campbell and Alexander Campbell of Pennsylvania and West Virginia (then Virginia) and Barton W. Stone of Kentucky.
 Baker Mansion is a historic home located at Altoona Blair County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1844 and 1848 and is a three story dressed stone building in the Greek Revival style. The front facade is five bays wide and features six fluted Ionic order columns. The building houses the Blair County Historical Society.Baker Mansion was originally home to ironmaster Elias Baker and his family.
 Biko is a Basque restaurant in Mexico City specialising in techno-emotional cuisine. It was ranked 31 in the S.Pellegrino World's 50 Best Restaurants in 2011.
 The Lazy A Motel is a historic former motel located along Old U.S. Route 66 in Springfield Illinois. The motel was built in 1948-49 and had 13 rooms arranged in a U shape with garages located between the rooms. The building was designed in the Southwestern Vernacular style which can be seen in its stucco walls its flat tile roof and its cast iron railings and fixtures.
 Eliyahu Hanavi Synagogue is a synagogue in Alexandria Egypt. It is located in Nabi Daniel street. Built in 1354 it was bombed by the French during their invasion of Egypt in 1798 and was re-built in 1850 with contributions from the Muhammad Ali Dynasty. Although services are still held in the synagogue it now caters to a very small community due to the dwindling number of Jews in Alexandria. The synagogue was closed for the 5773 (2012) High Holidays because of security reasons.
 The Matthias Corvinus House (Romanian: Casa Matei Hungarian: Mátyás király szülőháza) is one of the oldest buildings in Cluj-Napoca (Kolozsvár) Transylvania Romania. It was built in the 15th century as a small guesthouse.
 Beallsville Historic District is a 40-acre (16 ha) historic district in Beallsville Pennsylvania. It is designated as a historic district by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation.The district covers a typical pike town of the National Road through this area meeting criteria laid out in a Multiple Property Submission study. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The large neoclassical Simmons-Edwards House is a Charleston single house built for Francis Simmons a Johns Island planter about 1800. The house located at 14 Legare St. Charleston South Carolina is famous for its large brick gates with decorative wrought iron. The gates which were installed by George Edwards (who owned the house until 1835) and which bear his initials include finials were carved to resemble Italian pinecones.
 John Sowden House also known as the Jaws House is a residence built in 1926 in the Los Feliz section of Los Angeles California. Built by Lloyd Wright the house is noted for its use of ornamented concrete blocks and for its striking facade resembling (depending on the viewer's points of cultural reference) either a Mayan temple or the gaping open mouth of a great white shark.
 The Warren County Courthouse is a stone building constructed in 1908 in Williamsport Indiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 19 2008.
 The Central Police Station (grid reference [1]) also known as the Bridewell is a historic building on Nelson Street Broadmead Bristol England.
 Sterkstroom Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Inkwanca Local Municipality area in Sterkstroom Eastern Cape in South Africa.
 Riverbank Acoustical Laboratories (RAL) (often referred to as Riverbank or Riverbank Labs) is a NVLAP accredited acoustical testing agency founded by Wallace Clement Sabine in 1918.The testing service remains a highly respected source of independent acoustical materials testing. RAL specializes in STC (Sound Transmission Loss per ASTM E90) NRC (Sound Absorption per ASTM C423) IIC (Impact Sound Transmission per ASTM E492) and Sound Power (ISO 6926) testing.
 The Alexander Ramsey House is a historic house museum in Saint Paul Minnesota United States; the former residence of Alexander Ramsey who served as the first governor of Minnesota Territory and the second governor of the state of Minnesota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969. It is also a contributing property to the Irvine Park Historic District.It is located at 265 Exchange St.
 The New Gate (Arabic: باب الجديد‎ Bāb ij-Jdïd) (Hebrew: השער החדש‎ HaSha'ar HeChadash) is the newest gate in the walls that surround the Old City of Jerusalem. It was built in 1889 to provide direct access between the Christian Quarter and the new neighborhoods then going up outside the walls. The arched gate is decorated with crenelated stonework. The New Gate was built at the highest point of the present wall at 790 metres (2590 ft) above sea level.
 801 Grand is a skyscraper located in Des Moines Iowa. It is named after its street address being located along Grand Avenue in the downtown area of the city between 8th & 9th Street (with High Street the northern border). Completed in 1991 and standing at 630 ft (192 m) it is currently the tallest building in the state of Iowa. The roof is made out of copper sheeting that was designed to form a green coating of verdigris over time much like the Statue of Liberty.
 The Woodstock Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in southeast Portland Oregon United States. The library's origins date back to 1908 when the people of the Woodstock neighborhood established a reading room at the Woodstock Fire Station which soon became one of fifteen deposit stations (packing crates that turned into two-shelf bookcases and could hold up to 50 books each).
 James C. Flood Mansion also known as Pacific-Union Club in San Francisco California USA was a townhouse for James C. Flood a 19th-century silver baron. It was the first brownstone building west of the Mississippi River and the stone was shipped around Cape Horn from the same quarry in Portland CT that was the source for all the brownstone in New York City. With The Fairmont Hotel the only buildings on Nob Hill to structurally survive the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire.
 The Seoul Museum of Art is an art museum operated by Seoul City Council and located in central of Seoul South Korea. It was opened in the Gyeonghuigung Palace area a royal palace of Joseon dynasty with six exhibition rooms and an outdoor sculpture park. However in 2002 a larger main branch was opened behind Deoksugung Palace replacing the Gyeonguigung Branch as the main branch.
 De Leuf is a restaurant located in Ubachsberg Limburg in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one or two Michelin stars in the period 1996 to present. GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 18.0 point. (Out of 20) Head chef of De Leuf is Paul van de Bunt. De Leuf is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise.The restaurant is located in a farmhouse that was originally built in 1759.
 Jonathan Hamilton House also known as Hamilton House is a historic house in South Berwick Maine. It overlooks the Salmon Falls River the border between S. Berwick and Rollinsford New Hampshire.It was the setting of The Tory Lover a historical romance novel by Sarah Orne Jewett. Jewett was involved in the preservation of the Hamilton House.
 Lira Regional Referral Hospital commonly known as Lira Hospital is a hospital in Lira northern Uganda. It is the referral hospital for the districts of Amolatar Apac Dokolo Lira and Oyam.
 Kalenderhane Mosque (Turkish: Kalenderhane Camii) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul converted into a mosque by the Ottomans. With high probability the church was originally dedicated to the Theotokos Kyriotissa. The building is sometimes referred to as Kalender Haneh Jamissi and St. Mary Diaconissa. This building represents one among the few extant examples of a Byzantine church with domed Greek cross plan.
 Toledo Children's Hospital is a public children's hospital located in Toledo Ohio.Toledo Children's is located within The Toledo Hospital and administratively is part of the ProMedica Health System. It is a level I trauma center and has 151 beds 78 of which being intensive care.
 The United States Post Office—Arlington Main is a historic post office at 10 Court Street in Arlington Massachusetts. The single story brick Colonial Revival building was built in 1936. It has a low-pitch hip roof that is topped by a cupola and weathervane. Its center entrance is recessed in an archway. The lobby includes a mural depicting scenes of local history; it was painted in 1938 by William C.
 The Scottsburg Depot is a historical railroad depot in Scottsburg Indiana. It was built in 1872 by the Jeffersonville Madison and Indianapolis Railroad costing almost $1500. Its presence influenced the location of Scottsburg in 1874 as the town was named for the railroad's General Superintendent Horace Scott. It was built specifically for both passenger and freight cargo. Inside there was separate waiting rooms for men and women.
 John Tillinghast House is an historic colonial house in Newport Rhode Island.The John Tillinghast House was built in 1758 in a Georgian style on 142 Mill Street in Newport. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Styrian Armoury (German: Landeszeughaus) in the Austrian city of Graz is the world's largest historic armoury and attracts visitors from all over the world.[citation needed] It holds approximately 32000 pieces of weaponry tools suits of armour for battle and ones for parades.Between the 15th century and the 18th century Styria was on the front line of almost continuous conflict with the Ottoman Empire and with rebels in Hungary.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Divine officially the Cathedral Church of Saint John: The Great Divine in the City and Diocese of New York is the cathedral of the Episcopal Diocese of New York. It is located in New York City on Amsterdam Avenue between West 110th Street and 113th Street in Manhattan's Morningside Heights neighborhood.The cathedral vies with Liverpool Cathedral for the title of the largest Anglican cathedral and church.
 Bellevue Center was a regional shopping mall in the southwestern Nashville Tennessee suburb of Bellevue. It had capacity for over 90 stores on two floors totaling 848545 square feet (78832.4 m2).The mall originally opened in 1990 with two anchors Dillard's and Castner Knott situated at the far ends of the trident-shaped mall. Spaces for two other anchors were included in the design.
 St George's Church Stalybridge is in Church Walk Stalybridge Greater Manchester England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Ashton-under-Lyne the archdeaconry of Rochdale and the diocese of Manchester. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Trinity Church is a historic church in Holderness New Hampshire near the town of Plymouth. The small single story wood frame building was constructed in 1797 by Samuel Livermore a prominent early settler of Holderness and a New Hampshire statesman. It was built in land owned by Livermore and remained in the family's ownership until 1854 when Arthur Livermore Jr. deeded it along with the adjoining burying ground to the Trinity Church Yard Cemetery Association for one dollar.
 The Thompson Block is a historic commercial building located at 117 119 121 123 and 125 Middle Street in Portland Maine.It was designed by architect George M. Harding and constructed in 1867. It features an ornate facade containing red brick cast iron and stone elements as well as a polychrome slate mansard roof.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 28 1973.
 Almas Hospital is a health care facility in Kottakkal Kerala India. It is a 150-bed hospital with 24-hour laboratory medical lab and scanning services.
 The Prison 313 or Jordan Misja Prison (Albanian: Burgu 313) is a prison in Albania at the capital Tirana.
 Ava (stylized as AVA) is an approved 445 ft (136 m) tall skyscraper in Seattle Washington. The building designed by Weber + Thompson is planned to have 39 floors and is planned to be located at 8th Avenue and Pine Street. The plan calls for a luxury hotel on floors 10 through 17 with 200 condominiums comprising the upper floors. Construction was originally scheduled to commence in 2007 however with the late-2000s recession the project was placed on hold pending an improved market.
 Criccieth Castle (Welsh: Castell Cricieth) is a native Welsh castle situated on the headland between two beaches in Criccieth Gwynedd in North Wales on a rocky peninsula overlooking Tremadog Bay. It was built by Llywelyn the Great of the kingdom of Gwynedd but it was heavily modified following its capture by English forces of Edward I in the late 13th century.
 St Nicholas's Church Tresco is a parish church in the Church of England located in Tresco Isles of Scilly UK.
 Casa Bonita (Spanish; literally means pretty house) is a chain of Mexican-themed eatertainment restaurants which originated in Oklahoma City. As of 2011 only one location remains open in the western Denver suburb of Lakewood Colorado.There was also a northern Arizona chain of Mexican restaurants using the Casa Bonita name founded in 2003. Locations included Flagstaff Cottonwood Lake Havasu Prescott Prescott Valley and Sedona.
 First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church building at 26 W. Babcock in Bozeman Montana.The Gothic Revival building was constructed in 1908 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Founded in 2000 by Édouard Carmignac the Carmignac Foundation aims to promote contemporary art through a programme of sponsorship the creation of a strong and dedicated collection and the annual Carmignac Gestion Photojournalism award currently amongst the most generous awards of its kind.The Carmignac Foundation is led by Gaïa Donzet and has its administrative headquarters in the Carmignac Gestion offices in Place Vendôme Paris.
 Cecelia Memorial Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 716 College Street in Bowling Green Kentucky.It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Vachel Almshouses is a terrace of almshouses in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.
 The Atwood House Museum in Chatham Massachusetts is a property of the Chatham Historical Society which in 1926 purchased the property of Captain Joseph Atwood (1720–1794) to protect the property and to display and preserve articles and documents related to Chatham's history. The portion of the museum which is the original house was built about 1752 and is the oldest existing structure in Chatham.
 Philippe's or Phillippe the Original (/fɨˈliːpeɪ/ fi-LEE-pay) historically /fɪˈliːps/ fil-LEEPS is a restaurant located in downtown Los Angeles California. The restaurant is well known for continuously operating since 1908 making it one of the oldest restaurants in Los Angeles. It is also renowned for claiming to be the inventor of the French Dip sandwich.The restaurant has been located at 1001 N.
 The Arlington Hotel was a historic hotel along U.S. Route 40 in Zanesville Ohio United States. Built in 1883 in the Italianate style it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It has since been demolished.
 Turku University Hospital (Finnish: Turun yliopistollinen keskussairaala TYKS Swedish: Åbo universitetscentralsjukhus ÅUCS) is a hospital in Turku Finland.
 The Crowne Plaza Hotel is a five-star Crowne Plaza hotel in Beirut Lebanon. Inaugurated on 22 September 2001 it is the first Crowne Plaza to open in Lebanon. the modern hotel makes a notable towering mark on the landscape overlooking Hamra Street in the downtown Hamra district. Fady Sawaya a hotelier with previous experience in Intercontinental Phoenicia Beirut and InterContinental Hotel Abu Dhabi was appointed manager early in 2012.
 Middle Sandy Presbyterian Church (also known as Western Columbiana County Historical Society Museum; COL-13-1) is a historic church on Homeworth Road in Homeworth Ohio.It was built in 1853 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 Bankers Loan and Trust Company Building is a Queen Anne style historic building located in Concordia Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Meadows Mall is a shopping mall in Las Vegas Nevada United States. Meadows Mall is owned by the General Growth Properties Inc. It is a two story enclosed mall with 960000 ft² of space. The mall has 140 stores and 4 anchors. It is surrounded by 4900 surface parking spaces in four different color-coded lots (Red Blue Yellow and Green). Its anchor stores are Dillard's Macy's J. C. Penney and Sears.
 The Butler-McCook Homestead was built in 1782. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.The house was in one family for two hundred years and is also notable for gardens designed by Jacob weideman.Connecticut Landmarks operates the house as a museum known as the Butler-McCook House & Garden.
 St Andrew's Presbyterian Church Wingham is the main centre of the Wingham and Upper Manning Parish in the Presbyterian Church of Australia. The other centre is St Thomas' Presbyterian Church Krambach.
 The Royal Tyrrell Museum is a Canadian tourist attraction and a centre of palaeontological research noted for its collection of more than 130000 fossils.Located 6 kilometres (4 mi) from Drumheller Alberta and 135 kilometres (84 mi) from Calgary the museum is situated in the middle of the fossil-bearing strata of the Late Cretaceous Horseshoe Canyon Formation and holds numerous specimens from the Alberta badlands Dinosaur Provincial Park and the Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Egg Site.The Royal Tyrrell Museum is operated by Alberta's Ministry of Culture.
 The Hamilton Watch Complex is a former industrial complex in Lancaster Pennsylvania. It was owned by the Hamilton Watch Company and was used as their headquarters from the company's founding in 1892 until 1980. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The main building was converted into a luxury apartment and condominium complex.
 Parkridge is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee United States located off Magnolia Avenue east of the city's downtown area. Developed as a streetcar suburb for Knoxville's professional class in the 1890s the neighborhood was incorporated as the separate city of Park City in 1907 and annexed by Knoxville in 1917.
 Illa de la Llum is a complex of two skyscrapers in Barcelona Catalonia Spain. Completed in 2005. Illa de la Llum 1 has 26 floors and rises 88 meters Illa de la Llum 2 has 18 floors and rises 64 meters.
 Providence Primitive Baptist Church is a historic Primitive Baptist church in Walter Hill Tennessee.It was built in 1867 and added to the National Register in 2000.
 National State Bank is located in Camden Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1913 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 24 1990.
 The Fall City Masonic Hall is a historic meeting hall located in Fall City Washington. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 under its original name of Falls City Masonic Hall.The hall was built in 1895 and dedicated on July 3 1896. It served as a meeting hall for the Falls City Masonic Lodge #66 and associated Masonic bodies. The Lodge room on the second floor can hold 160 people and the dining room on the first floor has an even larger capacity.
 The Kiel and Morgan Hotel in Lynd Minnesota United States was the building first used on a regular basis as the Lyon County Courthouse. In 1869 the Minnesota Legislature passed an enabling act dividing Lyon County from Redwood County. Governor William R. Marshall appointed several officials authorized to form a county government. On August 12 1870 the county commissioners held their first meeting in the home of Luman Ticknor in upper Lynd. The Hotel was built in 1871 by Allen D.
 The Obsidian Cliff Kiosk is a small structure that shelters an interpretive exhibit in Yellowstone National Park at Obsidian Cliff. The kiosk was built in 1931 as part of an effort to provide interpretive exhibits along the park's Grand Loop Road. In common with the Fishing Bridge Museum Madison Museum and Norris Museum the kiosk exemplifies the National Park Service Rustic style.
 St Nicholas' Church Brandiston is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Brandiston Norfolk England. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands next to Brandiston Hall.
 The International Harvester Building is a five-story building in the U.S. city of Peoria Illinois. The property consists of the 1914 five-story building and a 1925 one-story addition. The building is associated with Peoria's history through transportation; Peoria was once a major shipping point due to its vicinity to the Illinois River and major railroad connections.
 Little Grill Collective is a worker-owned cooperative restaurant in Harrisonburg Virginia in the United States. It was started in June 2003—in a building that has been operating as a restaurant since the 1930s. It is a member of the Downtown Dining Alliance and the U.S. Federation of Worker Cooperatives. It is known for its quirky eclectic down-home atmosphere with boxes of old Trivial Pursuit cards on the tables.
 Second Presbyterian Church is a landmark Gothic Revival church located on South Michigan Avenue in Chicago Illinois United States. In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries some of Chicago’s most prominent families attended this church. It is renowned for its interior completely redone in the Arts and Crafts style after a disastrous fire in 1900.
 Wesley A.M.E. Zion Church (also known as Big Wesley) is a historic church at 1500 Lombard Street in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.The congregation was founded June 6 1820 and worship to began in a Carpenter's Shed at 521-527 Lombard Street while a brick building for that purpose was built.In 1885 the congregation purchased an existing building and moved to its current location at 1500 Lombard Street. The church later commissioned a larger structure to accommodate a growing congregation.
 The Southern Aid Society Building-Dunbar Theater is an historic structure located in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington D.C. The building was designed by architect Isaiah T. Hatton. Reginald W. Geare designed the theater portion of the building. It was completed in 1921. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1984 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 St Christine of Lena (Spanish: Santa Cristina de Lena) is a Roman Catholic Asturian pre-Romanesque church located in the Lena municipality about 25 km south of Oviedo Spain on an old Roman road that joined the lands of the plateau with Asturias.The church has a different ground plan to Pre-Romanesque's traditional basilica. It is a single rectangular space with a barrel vault with four adjoining structures located in the centre of each facade.
 Preston House also known as Palmer House was a historic home located at Saltville Smyth County Virginia. The original section was built about 1795. It was a two-story gable-roofed double-pile frame structure covered with beaded weatherboard. It consisted of a two-story five bay center section flanked by later and lower two-story three bay flanking wings. The house was built by lawyer and politician Francis Preston (1765–1836) whose family owned the salt works.
 The Good Templars Hall is a Greek Revival style public building that was built in 1858 in Nininger in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The Nininger Chapter of the Independent Order of Good Templars a temperance group built the two-story hall to have a place in which to not drink. When the railroad bypassed Nininger in 1859 the town began to fail and the building was sold to the school district.
 66 Motel an independently owned six-room motel established 1946-47 in Needles formerly served travellers on U.S. Route 66 in California. Bypassed c. 1970 by Interstate 40 the motel has been used as single room occupancy apartments since the 1990s.The tiny independent motel is one of numerous U.S. Route 66 businesses which had taken the name of the now-historic highway in its heyday; there is also a 66 Drive-In cinema in Carthage Missouri and a Route 66 Motel in Kingman Arizona.
 The Burton Store is a historic building in Tappan New York located within the bounds of the Tappan Historic District. The Burton Store once functioning as Tappan's general store has been occupied since 1985 by chiropractor Lawrence Forgacs' Tappan Professional Center. The Burton Store is one of two buildings in the district constructed in the Colonial Revival style the other being the nearby Borcher's Stable located at 2 Oak Tree Road just beyond The Old 76 House.
 The Mob Museum officially the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement is a history museum located in Downtown Las Vegas Nevada. Opened on February 14th 2012 the Mob Museum is dedicated to featuring the artifacts stories and history of organized crime in the United States as well as the actions and initiatives by law enforcement to prevent such crimes.
 The Pergamon Museum (German: Pergamonmuseum) is situated on the Museum Island in Berlin. The site was designed by Alfred Messel and Ludwig Hoffmann and was constructed in twenty years from 1910 to 1930. The Pergamon houses original-sized reconstructed monumental buildings such as the Pergamon Altar and the Market Gate of Miletus all consisting of parts transported from Turkey.
 Holy Trinity Episcopal Church (also known as The Church of the Holy Trinity) is an Episcopal Church located in Georgetown Kentucky.
 The Domain Wintergardens is a complex of gardens located within the Auckland Domain. It is registered with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I historic place.
 The Appleton Log Hall was a meeting hall in Appleton a community in Klickitat County Washington United States.
 Huntley also known as Historic Huntley is an early 19th-century Federal-style villa and farm in the Hybla Valley area of Fairfax County Virginia. The house sits on a hill overlooking Huntley Meadows Park to the south. The estate is best known as the country residence of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–21 December 1838) grandson of George Mason of nearby Gunston Hall.
 The United Methodist Church of the Resurrection is a congregation of the United Methodist Church. The main campus is located in Leawood Kansas with satellite campuses in Olathe Kansas downtown Kansas City Missouri & Blue Springs Missouri.It is the largest United Methodist congregation in the United States with a membership of over 20000 adults and children and is the church home of former Kansas governor Mark Parkinson and former Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Trent Green.
 The Protestant church of Augustinusga or Saint Augustine’s church is a religious building in Augustinusga Netherlands one of the medieval churches in Friesland. The church was built in the 15th century and has a tower that dates from the 13th century built out of brick. The building was once a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Augustine becoming a Protestant church after the Protestant Reformation.
 Kingston Penitentiary (known locally as KP and Kingston Pen) is a former maximum security prison located in Kingston Ontario between King Street West and Lake Ontario.
 St. George's Greek Orthodox Church is a historic Greek Orthodox Church building at 55 North Street Southbridge Massachusetts. It is the oldest Orthodox church in the city built in 1932 to serve the growing Greek immigrant population of the town. The community's first Greek church was built in 1910 but burned down. This church built on land purchased from the Hamilton Woolen Mill is typical of other Greek Orthodox churches built in central Massachusetts around that time.
 St. John's Chapel of St. Michael's Parish is a historic Episcopal church at Easton Talbot County Maryland. It is a granite Gothic Revival ruin. The building measures 35 feet wide and 50 feet deep. The chapel was built in about 1835 and abandoned around 1895.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Pomeranian State Museum (German: Pommersches Landesmuseum) in Greifswald Western Pomerania is a public museum primarily dedicated to Pomeranian history and arts. The largest exhibitions show archeological findings and artefacts from the Pomerania region and paintings e.g. of Caspar David Friedrich who was a Greifswald local. The museum was established in the years of 1998 to 2005 at the site of the historical Franziskaner abbey.
 Sutton House is a historic home located at St. Georges New Castle County Delaware. The original section was built about 1794 with the main section completed about 1815. It is a 2 1/2-story three bay brick dwelling with a lower rear wing. It has a gable roof. The front facade features a semicircular fanlight over the main entrance and there is a two-story porch on the rear wing.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The Bengoechea Hotel was founded in 1910 by Jose Bengoechea. The building is a focal point of Basque-American culture in Mountain Home Idaho. The Bengochea Hotel and its surrounding area are known as The Bengoechea Block. In June 2007 the building was sold to Mirazim Shakoori who plans on restoring the building to its original condition for the 100th anniversary in 2010.
 London Road Fire Station is a former fire station in Manchester England. It was opened in 1906 on a site bounded by London Road Whitworth Street Minshull Street South and Fairfield Street. Designed in the Edwardian Baroque style by Woodhouse Willoughby and Langham in red brick and terracotta it cost £142000 to build.
 Majestic City is a 7 storied commercial and shopping complex which is located in Bambalapitiya Sri Lanka near the Bambalapitiya Railway Station. C T Land Development PLC is the owning company of Majestic City Sri Lanka's premier shopping mall-cum-entertainment complex... the vision of founder chairman the late Mr. Albert A. Page.
 The Arlington Arts Center also known as AAC is a private nonprofit contemporary visual arts center based in Arlington (Virginia) and established in 1974.Housed since 1976 in the historic Maury School it presents artworks from regional artists in the mid-Atlantic states. The center is composed of exhibitions educational programs and subsidized studio spaces and wants to increase awareness and appreciation of and involvement in the visual arts in Arlington County VA and the region.
 Epworth United Methodist Church originally Epworth Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist church located at Norfolk Virginia. It was designed by two noted Virginia architects James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter Jr. (1867-1932) and John Kevan Peebles (1876-1934) and built between 1894 and 1896. It is a rusticated granite with yellow sandstone trim church building in the Richardsonian Romanesque style.
 Graves Chapel and Cemetery also known as Graves Church is a historic Methodist church located at Stanley Page County Virginia. It was built in 1856 and is a simple one-story frame church building. It was enlarged about 1870. The center entry and flanking windows on the front gable end have Gothic Revival lancet arches and the gable roof is topped by and open belfry.
 United States Post Office is located on 251 W. Lancaster Avenue in Fort Worth Texas. Designed by Wyatt C. Hedrick the building opened on February 22 1933. The building was added to the National Register 1985.
 Adams Academy was a school that opened in 1872 in Quincy Massachusetts USA. John Adams the second President of the United States had many years before established the Adams Temple and School Fund. This fund gave 160 acres (0.65 km2) of land to the people of Quincy in trust. His objective for the money was to build a school in honor of his friends John Hancock and Josiah Quincy who like Adams lived in the town of Quincy Massachusetts.
 Highland Hose No. 4 is located in Kearny Hudson County New Jersey United States. The firehouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29 1987. The firehouse was constructed in 1894 to be used by Highland Hose No. 4. The firehouse is currently used as a meeting hall for the Firemen's Mutual Benevolent Association.
 The Château d'Auzon is a ruined 14th century castle in the commune of Auzon in the Haute-Loire département of France.
 Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Indianapolis Indiana United States. It is the seat of the Archdiocese of Indianapolis. St. John the Evangelist Church in Indianapolis served as the Proto-cathedral from 1871-1907. Saints Peter and Paul parish was established in 1892. The cathedral itself was built between 1905 and 1907. The Diocese of Vincennes was officially renamed the Diocese of Indianapolis by Pope Leo XIII on March 28 1898.
 The Palomar Ballroom built in 1925 was a famous ballroom in Los Angeles California in the United States. It was destroyed by a fire on October 2 1939. Originally named the El Patio Ballroom and located on the east side of Vermont Avenue between 2nd and 3rd Street it boasted being “the largest and most famous dance hall on the West Coast.” The building featured a large mezzanine a balcony and a seventy-five hundred square foot patio.
 St. Mary le Wigford’s Church Lincoln is a Grade I listed parish church in Lincoln England.
 E. W. Cannon House and Store is a historic home and general store located at Hartsville Darlington County South Carolina. The main house was built about 1880 and incorporates a small one-story residence built about 1840 that now serves as a rear wing. It is a two-story rectangular frame residence with weatherboard siding. It has a lateral gable roof and two interior ridge brick chimneys with corbeled caps. A one-story hip roof porch extends across the full façade.
 Holy Sepulchre Church Thetford was a medieval monastic house in Norfolk England. The ruined nave of this 14th-century church are the only surviving remains in England of a priory of Canons of the Holy Sepulchre who aided pilgrims to Christ's tomb. Later used as a barn.
 So Shim Sa Zen Center ( Hangul: 소심사 Hanja: 少心寺) is a Buddhist organization in New Jersey affiliated with the Taego Order of Korean Zen.
 The Big Khan Mosque (Crimean Tatar: Büyük Han Cami) is located in Bakhchisaray Crimea Ukraine and is part of the Bakhchisaray Palace. It is one of the largest mosques in the Crimea and one of the first buildings of the Khan's palace. The mosque was built in 1532 by Sahib I Giray and bore his name in the 17th century.
 The Ahmet Arif Literature Museum Library (Turkish: Ahmet Arif Edebiyat Müze Kütüphanesi) is a literary museum and archive dedicated to Turkish literature and named after the poet Ahmet Arif (1927–1991).
 Hamilton Hoppin House is an historic house at 120 Miantonomi Ave in Middletown Rhode Island. It has been known by several names including Villalon Montpelier Shadow Lawn Agincourt Inn and currently The Inn at Villalon.The oldest part of the house was designed by architect Richard Upjohn as was Kingscote in Newport. It was built in an Italianate style in the mid-nineteenth century and it is one of the first Italianate stick-style houses to be built in the United States.
 Athan House was designed by the Melbourne-based architectural firm of Edmond and Corrigan. The site of the project is in Monbulk an orchard satellite town located in the outer Eastern suburbs of Melbourne Australia. The project team consisted of Peter Corrigan Adrian Page and Chris Wood. The house was designed and constructed between 1986-88.
 The Mount Zion A.M.E. Church is a historic church in Ocala Florida United States. It is located at 623 South Magnolia Avenue. On December 17 1979 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 Saint Joseph of Cupertino Parish is a territorial parish serving Latin Rite Catholics in Cupertino California United States. The parish is named for Joseph of Cupertino and had its origin in a small wooden chapel at the Villa Maria retreat located in Stevens Creek Canyon (Stevens Creek was known in Spanish as Arroyo San José de Cupertino). Villa Maria was the country home of the Jesuit fathers of Santa Clara University who purchased the 320 acre (1.3 km²) tract in 1873.
 The United States Consulate in Liverpool England was established in 1790 and was the first overseas consulate founded by the then fledgling United States of America. Liverpool was at the time an important center for transatlantic commerce and a vital trading partner for the former Thirteen Colonies. Among those who served the United States as consul in Liverpool were the writer Nathaniel Hawthorne the spy Thomas Haines Dudley and John S.
 The Prescott Estate is a historic residential estate at 770 Centre Street in Newton Massachusetts. The main house a c. 1874 Medieval Revival structure is a rare local example of residential stone construction and of the architectural style. Although it was built by Henry Pazolt a Boston cigar merchant it soon afterward (c. 1886) came into the Prescott family. In 1954 it was acquired by the Carroll Center for the Blind.
 The Préfecture des Hauts-de-Seine is an administrative building located in Nanterre in the inner suburbs of Paris France.Designed specifically to host the administrative offices of the préfecture of the Hauts-de-Seine département the building has a wide base below its 113 m (371 ft)-tall tower.
 The Sterling Opera House is located in Derby Connecticut. The building was built in 1889 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 8 1968.
 Grace Hopkinson Eliot Hall often called Eliot Hall is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University at 51 Shepard Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The four story neo-Georgian brick building was built in 1907 to a design by Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow Jr. It is a duplicate of Bertram Hall which is adjacent except some of its architectural details were simplified to reduce costs.
 Tuftonboro United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on the side of NH 171 east of the junction with Durgin Road in Tuftonboro New Hampshire.According to its NRHP nomination the church is notable as an excellent Greek Revival-style church one of the best Greek Revival churches in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire. It possesses integrity of location design setting materials workmanship feeling and association for the period c.
 The Capitol Skyline Hotel is a hotel located near the United States Capitol in Capitol Hill Washington D.C. Designed by Morris Lapidus the hotel opened in the early 1960s and was once part of the Best Western chain.
 Museo Nacional de las Culturas Populares (National Museum of Popular Cultures) is a museum in Mexico City dedicated to Mexico’s ethnic and cultural diversity. This diversity not only includes that of its indigenous peoples but also those of its regions and socioeconomic strata. It was founded in 1982 by anthropologist Guillermo Bonfil Batalla at a time when the country was accepting and promoting its cultural diversity.
 The King Township Museum in King City Ontario Canada is a local history museum for the township of King at 2920 King Rd. It was previously known as Kinghorn Museum and is located on what was once known as Kinghorn now subsumed by King City.The museum consists of a building which houses the majority of collections held. On the grounds of the property owned by the museum are several heritage sites.
 The FM- and TV-mast Olsztyn-Pieczewo (also known as Maszt RTCN Olsztyn-Pieczewo) is a 365 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Olsztyn-Pieczewo in Poland (Geographical Coordinates: 53°45′11.94″N 20°31′5.33″EThe FM- and TV-mast Olsztyn-Pieczewo which was built in 1969 is since the collapse of the Warsaw radio mast the tallest structure in Poland.
 Fifth Third Center at One SeaGate is the tallest building in Toledo and Northwest Ohio. Tallest Building in between Chicago and Cleveland and Cincinnati and Detroit. Until 2006 the building served as the world headquarters for Owens-Illinois. In 2007 Fifth Third Bank moved their Northwest Ohio headquarters to the building.
 The Goodland City Library at 120 W. 12th St. in Goodland Kansas was built in 1912 and was used as a library for 60 years. It was designed with Italian Renaissance Revival architecture by Denver architects Barrensen Brothers.
 Marina Arcade is an approved 268 metres (879 ft) supertall skyscraper to be built in Dubai Marina Dubai UAE. The tower will cost AED 1.25 billion to build upon completion the building will contain residents shopping avenues gymnasium spa and residential amenities.
 The Church of the Holy Rosary is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at 444 East 119th Street East Harlem Manhattan New York City.
 The Gardner Uptown Historic District is a historic district encompassing the former civic heart of Gardner Massachusetts. The 65-acre (26 ha) area includes the old town common an early cemetery and a modest number of non-residential buildings among a larger number of houses. The area was the center of civic life from the incorporation of Gardner in 1785 until municipal functions were moved to West Gardner beginning in the late 1920s.
 The Dyas Hexagonal Barn is an historical structure located near Bellevue in rural Jackson County Iowa. It was built in 1921 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. The building is hexagonal in shape and measures 50 feet (15.2 m) around. The barn features red horizontal siding a tin roof and a central silo that extends through the roof.
 The Brigham Young University Museum of Art located in Provo Utah is the university's primary art museum and is one of the best attended university-campus art museums in the United States. The museum which had been discussed for more than fifty years opened in a 10000-square-foot (930 m2) space in October 1993 with a large exhibit on the Etruscans.
 The Peabody-Williams House is a historic house at 7 Norman Road in Newton Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story wood frame house was built in 1891 and is one of the finest Shingle style houses in the Newton Highlands area. It was designed by J. Williams Beal and features extensive interior carving work by a locally prominent woodcarver Andrew Lees.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Brandywine River Museum is a museum of regional and American art located on U.S. Route 1 in Chadds Ford Pennsylvania on the banks of the Brandywine Creek. The museum showcases the art of Andrew Wyeth a major American realist painter and his family: his father N.C.
 Melrose-Rugby Historic District is a national historic district located in the Melrose-Rugby neighborhood of Roanoke Virginia. It encompasses 111 contributing buildings and 2 contributing objects in a planned residential subdivision with most of the dwellings being built between the late 1910s and late 1940s. It is a primarily residential district with single-family dwellings.
 Fuerte Santo Domingo or Fort San Domingo was originally a wooden fort built by the Spanish in 1629 at Tamsui District New Taipei Taiwan.
 The Humpback Covered Bridge located in the U.S. state of Virginia is one of the few remaining covered bridges in the United States that was built higher in the middle than on either end; hence the name of humpback. The bridge was built in 1857 and is also the oldest remaining covered bridge in the state of Virginia. Its WGCB number is 46-03-01. The bridge spans a tributary of the Jackson River known as Dunlap Creek for a distance of 109 feet (33 m).
 Deacon Hutchins House is an historic house in Rumford Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. It is connected to inventor Rufus Porter.
 The Changzhou Museum (Chinese: 常州博物馆) is a comprehensive museum in the city of Changzhou in southern Jiangsu province of China. Established in 1958 it exhibits a large collection of artifacts and has a research department. There are eight sections and more than 20000 cultural relics.
 The Levi F. Warren Jr. High School is a former public junior high school building ((grades 7-9) located at 1600 Washington Street in the village of West Newton in Newton Massachusetts. It was named for Levi F. Warren who graduated in 1854 from what is now Bridgewater State College and taught 21 years in grammar schools in Salem and in Newton where he was a principal in West Newton.
 The Tramway Historical Society Inc. is located at the Ferrymead Heritage Park in the Christchurch New Zealand suburb of Ferrymead and operates the standard gauge Ferrymead Tramway. Trams have operated at Ferrymead since 1968 with progressive extensions built between 1970 and 1984 allowing trams to operate within the boundaries of the Heritage Park. The Society also operates and own a collection of historic trolley buses and diesel buses.
 Hotel Baker is a historic landmark in St. Charles Illinois. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has been in and out of the hotel business since 1928.
 The African American Military History Museum also known as East Sixth Street USO Building was constructed in 1942 as a USO Club for African American soldiers who were stationed at Camp Shelby. The structure is located in Hattiesburg Mississippi and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004 and was designated a Mississippi Landmark in 2010.
 Do not confuse this pagoda with the White Horse Pagoda Dunhuang.White Horse Temple (simplified Chinese: 白马寺; traditional Chinese: 白馬寺; pinyin: Báimǎ Sì Wade-Giles: Paima szu) is according to tradition the first Buddhist temple in China established in 68 AD under the patronage of Emperor Ming in the Eastern Han capital Luoyang.The site is located just outside the walls of the ancient Eastern Han capital some 12–13 kilometres (7.5–8.1 mi) east of Luoyang in Henan Province.
 Allenhurst also known as Oakland is an historic site located in Scott County Kentucky west of Georgetown on Cane Run Pike. The Greek Revival house designed by Thomas Lewinski was built in 1850. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2 1973.
 The Penn Plaza East complex takes its name for its location near Penn Station in Newark New Jersey. Fronting Raymond Boulevard on the banks of the Passaic River the two office buildings were constructed during a period in the late 1980s and early 1990s when they and numerous postmodern skyscrapers were built near the station and Gateway Center.
 Cheval Blanc is a restaurant in Heemstede in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that is awarded one Michelin star in the period 2007–present. The restaurant was awarded a Bib Gourmand in the period 2002-2006.GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 13 out of 20 points in 2013.Head chef of Cheval Blanc is Huub van der Velden.
 The D'Iberville Apartments is a complex of historic apartment buildings located in Mobile Alabama. They were built in 1943 to the designs of architects Harry Pembleton and Aurelius Augustus Evans. They were constructed in a Minimal Traditionalist style of architecture and are notable for their significance to the community planning and development of Mobile during World War II a time of tremendous growth in the city.
 1001 Pennsylvania Avenue is a highrise skyscraper office building in Washington D.C. on Pennsylvania Avenue. The height of the building is 49 m (160 ft.) It has approximately 14 floors and its construction ended in 1987. The building serves as the headquarters of The Carlyle Group.
 The C. Burton Hotel also known as the Sycamore House is located on NY 55 a mile west of Grahamsville New York United States. It is a wooden Greek Revival structure dating to 1851.It is possibly the only Greek Revival building in Sullivan County with columns and the only one with a ballroom. In its later years it was used as a house and a medical office; currently it is unoccupied. In 2005 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Ostereidet Church (Norwegian: Ostereidet kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the village of Ostereidet. The church is part of the Ostereidet parish in the Nordhordland deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red concrete church was built in 1988 by the architect Bengt Suleng. The church which seats about 350 people was consecrated on 18 December 1988.
 Woodborough Road Baptist Church is a former Baptist Church on Woodborough Road in Nottingham. It is a Grade II listed building. It was converted around 1980 and after being run as the Pakistani League of Friends is now an Pakistan Community Centre.
 Historic Hicks Field is a baseball stadium located in Edenton North Carolina. The stadium is home to the John A. Holmes High School Aces as well as the Edenton Steamers of the Coastal Plain League. Hicks Field was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1939 at the corner of East Freemason and Woodward adjacent to John A. Holmes High School.The main structure is a wood grandstand with a roof that was built to accommodate slightly more than 500 people.
 The William H. Moore House is located in New York New York. The building was built in 1898 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16 1972.
 The Central Bandstand known as the Bandstand in Herne Bay Kent England was designed by H. Kempton Dyson in 1924 extended with an art deco frontage in 1932 and refurbished between 1998 and 1999. It is one of the coastal landmarks of the town. When first built it was a popular venue for visiting military band concerts and for tea dances. Edwina Mountbatten spoke there on behalf of the Red Cross in 1939.
 Tucker Farm Historic District is a historic district at 1178 Tucker Road in Dartmouth Massachusetts.The farm was founded in 1720 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Pulloxhill Grange was a priory in Bedfordshire England. It is a Grade II listed building.In 1535 Dunstable Priory received from Woburn Abbey 5s. for land it held in Pulloxhill. In 1291 the value of the abbey's estates in Pulloxhill was £7 2s. 5d.In 1330 the abbey claimed sac and soc in Pulloxhill. In 1547 after the Dissolution of the monasteries Pulloxhill Grange was granted to Sir William Pagett.
 The Crossed Keys Tavern also known as the Cross Keys Tavern is an historic stone building located in Turtlecreek Township near Lebanon Ohio. It is across the Little Miami River from the former Fort Ancient village. Built in 1802 it was operated as a tavern from 1809-1820.On October 21 1976 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
 Valley Mill Farm also known as Eddy's Mill William Helm House and Helm/Eddy House is a historic home and farm located near Winchester Frederick County Virginia. The house was built about 1820 and is a two-story four bay Federal style dwelling with a gable roof. It has a 1 1/2-story wing dated to the mid-19th century. Also on the property are a contributing former two-story mill (c. 1820 now veterinary office) a frame two-story tenant house (c.
 The Nantucket Whaling Museum is a museum located in Nantucket Massachusetts dedicated to the history of whaling. It is run by the Nantucket Historical Association.
 Lincoln Heights Jail is a reportedly haunted former jail building in the Lincoln Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles California. It closed in 1965. In 1951 the unprovoked beating of seven prisoners occurred in the prison on what came to be known as Bloody Christmas. The novel L.A. Confidential and subsequent film part of which was filmed there was inspired by the incident.Since 1979 the building has been the home of the Bilingual Foundation of the Arts.
 The Callan Park Hospital for the Insane (1878 to 1914) was an insane asylum located in the grounds of Callan Park an area on the shores of Iron Cove in the Sydney suburb of Lilyfield in Australia. In 1915 the facility was renamed Callan Park Mental Hospital and again in 1976 to Callan Park Hospital. Since 1994 the facility has been formally known as Rozelle Hospital. In April 2008 all Rozelle Hospital services and patients were transferred to Concord Hospital.
 The Old Gym is an historic building at Washington & Jefferson College in Washington Pennsylvania. It currently houses a modern exercise facility featuring cardiovascular resistance and strength training equipment. The building also features a three-lane indoor track suspended above the main floor.Prior to the construction of the Old Gym students exercised and engaged in athletics under the grandstands at College Field. The exterior is Cleveland sandstone.
 Cour du Nord was a restaurant located in Nooitgedacht Drenthe in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in 2009 and 2010.The restaurant closed for public in 2011.Head chefs of Cour du Nord in the time of the Michelin star were Pieter de Ronde (2009) and Marco Philips (2010).Cour du Nord was one of the five restaurants in the luxery holiday resort Hof van Saksen.
 Andrews Tavern is an historic building located in Spotsylvania County Virginia. The original building was constructed for Samuel Andrews in 1815. Around 1848 a frame wing was added to the brick structure for a tavern.
 Entranceway at Main Street at Roycroft Boulevard is a suburban residential subdivision entranceway built in 1918. It is located on Main Street (New York State Route 5) in the hamlet of Snyder New York which is located in the town of Amherst within Erie County. The entranceway is a marker that represents the American suburbanization of rural areas suburbanization that occurred through transportation-related land development on the edges of urban areas.
 St Mary's Church Astbury is an Anglican parish church in the village of Newbold Astbury Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and its architecture has been praised by a number of writers.It is possible that a church was present on the site in the Saxon era although the earliest fabric in the church is Norman.
 Mulberry Grove is a historic home located near Brownsburg Rockbridge County Virginia. The original section was built about 1790 and later expanded in the 1820s to a two-story three bay brick and frame Federal style dwelling. It has a side gable roof and two chimneys at the northeast end and one brick chimney near the southwest end. A frame stair hall was added about 1828 and brick wings were added at each end about 1840.
 Cloverdale Mall is a community shopping centre located in the Etobicoke area of Toronto Canada at 250 The East Mall (intersection of Dundas Street West and Highway 427). It opened in 1956 as an open air shopping plaza on what was part of the Eatonville farm and is now one of the oldest enclosed shopping centres in Toronto's west end.
 The Berry State Aid Bridge spans the Niobrara River in Cherry County Nebraska near Valentine Nebraska. It is a historic Pratt through truss bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.Also known as the Niobrara River Bridge and identified as NEHBS No. CE00-225 it was built during 1920-21.
 The Richard Outwater House is located in East Rutherford Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1983.
 Col. Edward Cook House is a historic home located at Washington Township Fayette County Pennsylvania. It was built between 1772 and 1776 and is a two-story four bay rectangular stone dwelling with a one-story kitchen wing. The main block measures 36 feet by 28 feet and the kitchen wing 24 feet by 20 feet. It has a medium-pitched gable roof and plain cornice with return.
 The Frederick Spangenberg House is the oldest limestone farmhouse still standing in Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota; its yellow limestone walls came from banks of the Mississippi River and hauled by stoneboat over snow to the building site. The house located at 375 Mount Curve Avenue is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Frederick Spangenberg was a German immigrant dairy farmer. Spangenberg's 80-acre (32 ha) farm would become Saint Paul's Highland Park neighborhood.
 The C.C. Hampton Homestead near Harrisburg Nebraska dates from 1890 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a 160-acre (65 ha) historic district. Also known as Warner Ranch the property included 10 contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.It was the 1887–1902 homestead of a farmer who promoted water conservation and Aermotor windmills helping region diversify from ranching into farming.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 The Nathaniel Batchelder House is an historic house at 71 Franklin Street in Reading Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built sometime between 1753 and 1765 by Nathaniel Batchelder Jr. probably later in the period following his father's death in 1763 when the family property was divided.
 Morton Plant North Bay Hospital is a hospital in New Port Richey Florida. In 2010 two brand new buildings opened: Starkey Tower and the Medical Arts Building. North Bay Hospital is also Home to Mitchell Rehabilitation Hospital a 20 bed acute rehab facility.
 The Original Wasco County Courthouse is a historic former courthouse located in The Dalles Oregon United States.
 St John and the Holy Cross Church Cotebrook is located in Stable Lane Cotebrook Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican church in the parish of Tarporley the deanery of Malpas the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. It is a daughter church of St Helen Tarporley with St Thomas Eaton. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Sam Houston Schoolhouse is a single-room log cabin-style schoolhouse in Maryville Tennessee built in 1794. Sam Houston taught at the school as a young man before the War of 1812.The schoolhouse is a Tennessee state historic site operated under an agreement with the Tennessee Historical Commission. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 The Italian American Museum of Los Angeles (Italian: Museo Italo Americano di Los Angeles and abbreviated IAMLA) is a museum located in downtown Los Angeles California California United States and is part of the El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historic Monument. It is dedicated to the history experience and continuing contributions of Italian Americans and Italians in Southern California and the United States and is the first such museum in Southern California.
 Downsville Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over the East Branch of the Delaware River in the hamlet of Downsville in Delaware County New York. At 174 feet (53 m) it is currently the longest historic covered bridge in the state after the 232-foot (71 m) Blenheim Bridge in Schoharie County was destroyed during Tropical Storm Irene in 2011.The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Danbury Connecticut United States. Founded in 1925. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
 Dr. David S. Livingston House is at 222 Topeka Street Kingman Arizona. The house was built in 1889. The home is of Colonial Revival style. He was an early Kingman Doctor and he was the railroads division surgeon. He later moved to Prescott in 1891. The house is on the National Register of Historical Places and the number is 86001158.
 Es Baluard (Catalan pronunciation: [əz βəɫuˈart]) is the museum of modern and contemporary art of Palma Majorca Spain.Founded on 30 January 2004 Es Baluard exhibits a collection of contemporary art of Balearic artists or made by those related somehow to the Balearic Islands. In addition of showing the pieces that form the museum's permanent collection Es Baluard celebrates temporary exhibitions.
 The Little White House in the Warm Springs Historic District in Warm Springs Georgia was Franklin Delano Roosevelt's personal retreat. He first came to Warm Springs for polio treatment and liked the area so much that as Governor of New York he had a home built on nearby Pine Mountain. The house was finished in 1932. Roosevelt kept the house after he became President using it as a Presidential retreat.The Little White House was the site of President Roosevelt's death.
 Gen. William A. Mills House is a historic home located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. Constructed in 1838 the Mills Homestead was the last home of Gen. William Augustus Mills (1777–1844) who was the founder and first permanent white settler of Mount Morris. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick dwelling combining both the Federal and Greek Revival styles.
 Liberty Hill in La Grange Georgia is a Greek Revival building built in 1836. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Chefette Restaurants is the largest fast food restaurant chain based in the Caribbean island nation of Barbados. Currently operating throughout the island in 14 locations Chefette is known for its broasted chicken meals as well as a local curried-'meat + vegetable' (similar to the European Gyro) roll-up or wrap locally known as a roti. Chefette was founded by a Syrian businessman named Assad John Haloute who migrated to Barbados in 1971.
 The Plymouth County Courthouse located in Le Mars Iowa was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 Zendstation Smilde is a tall partially guyed tower in Hoogersmilde the Netherlands built in 1959 for directional radio services and TV and FM-transmissions. The structure is similar to the Gerbrandy Tower (IJsselstein) and consists of an 80 metre high reinforced concrete tower and until a fire accident on July 15 2011 had a guyed tubular mast mounted on top. When first built the tower including the mast was 270 metres high.
 The Herman L. Humphrey House is located in Hudson Wisconsin. It was the home of U.S. Representative Herman L. Humphrey. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Livingstonville Community Church is a historic church at 1667 Hauverville Road in Livingstonville Schoharie County New York. It is a rectangular gable roofed vernacular Greek Revival building built in 1849. It features an engaged clapboard sheathed bell tower surmounted by an open belfry.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 10 Upper Bank Street is a skyscraper located in Canary Wharf in the Docklands area of London. It was completed in 2003 and is 151 m (495 ft) tall and has 32-stories.It was designed by the architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox and built by Canary Wharf Contractors.The majority of the building is occupied by the law firm Clifford Chance and serves as its world headquarters. A few floors are rented to other tenants including the FTSE Group MasterCard KPMG LOCOG Total S.A.
 Nicoll Halsey House and Halseyville Archeological Sites is a national historic district and archaeological site located at Halseyville in Tompkins County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 The Asa May House (also known as the Rosewood Plantation) is a historic U.S. home in Capps Florida. It is located on U.S. 19 between U.S. 27 and I-10. On December 15 1972 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
 William and Mary Hosmer House is a historic home located at Auburn in Cayuga County New York. It is a two story three bay side hall frame house in a vernacular Greek Revival style. It is believed to have been built in the 1840s and enlarged sometime after the conclusion of the Civil War. The house was owned by anti-slavery editor and author William Hosmer.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 Austin Friary Bristol was an Augustinian friary in Bristol England. It was established in 1313 when Simon de Montecute gave 100 square feet (9.3 m2) of land within the Temple Gate of Bristol. Further gifts of land were made by William de Montecute and Thomas of Berkeley during the next thirty years.The monks constructed a pipe to supply themselves with water from a reservoir on the west bank of the Avon.
 The Norton-Polk-Mathis House also known Villa Finale is a historic house in San Antonio Texas United States. Local merchant Russel C. Norton began construction on the house in 1876. The house was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1971. It is a contributing property to the King William Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Walter S. and Melissa E. Barnes House is a historic house at 140 Highland Avenue in Somerville Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house built c. 1885-95 is one of a few virtually unchanged Queen Anne/Stick style Victorians in the city. It has a half-round window in the front gable and its front porch has Stick-style braces supporting the roof. The house was built for Walter S.
 Katerina City (Russian: Гостиница Катерина Сити) is a hotel in the centre of Moscow Russia. It is located not far from Paveletskaya metro station Riverside Tower and Aurora business centers 3 km away from Red Square and Kremlin.Katerina City' is one of the Katerina chain hotels managed by UMACO company. The hotel consists of two interconnected buildings. The first building is a four-storey mansion built in the 19th century and fully renovated in 1998.
 Fort Santa Agueda on Guam Highway 7 in Hagåtña (Agana) Guam dates from about 1800 during the 1784-1802 administration of Spanish governor Manuel Moro. It was an uncovered fort with a manposteria parapet rising about 10 feet (3.0 m) above a sloping hillside. It is listed on the U.S.
 South Bluefield Historic District is a national historic district located at Bluefield Mercer County West Virginia. The district includes 84 contributing buildings in a residential area of Bluefield known as South Bluefield. The buildings are primarily large single family residences with broad lawns landscaped entrances and yards.
 Singsås Church (Norwegian: Singsås kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located in the village of Singsås. The church was built in 1884 and seats about 450 people. The white wooden building was built in a neo-gothic style. It was another church in Singsås was grated because it was too old. The church is part of the Singsås parish in Midtre Gauldal which is part of the Gauldal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 Philmont Worsted Company Mill is an historic site at 685 Social Street in Woonsocket Rhode Island.The mill was built in 1919 and added to the National Historic Register in 2006.
 Fry's Hamlet Historic District is a historic district at 2068 2153 2196 and 2233 South County Trail in East Greenwich Rhode Island.The district was settled in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 Fairfax Public School also known as the Old Fairfax Elementary School Annex is a historic school building located at Fairfax Virginia. It consists of two sections built in 1873 and 1912 and is a two-story brick building. The original section lies at the rear of the building which was later fronted by the two-story rectangular hipped roof section. The front facade features a one-story Classical Revival style portico supported by three fluted Doric order columns at each corner.
 Burderop Park is a Grade II* listed country manor house situated near Chiseldon Wiltshire. The house was constructed in the early 17th century to a courtyard design and later turned into a three-storey square house with bay windows during the 18th century. The house is the manor to the local hamlet of Hodson to the east of the house.
 First Universalist Church of Portageville also known as The Portageville Chapel is a historic Universalist church in Portageville Wyoming County New York. It is a Greek Revival style structure with Gothic and Federal elements dating to 1841. The church features a two stage square tower above the north gable of the building.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Jean-Marie Tjibaou Cultural Centre (French: Centre culturel Tjibaou) on the narrow Tinu Peninsula approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of the historic centre of Nouméa the capital of New Caledonia celebrates the vernacular Kanak culture the indigenous culture of New Caledonia amidst much political controversy over the independent status sought by some Kanaks from French rule.
 The Lublin Castle (Polish: Zamek Lubelski) is a medieval castle situated in Lublin Poland adjacent to the Old Town district and close to the city center. It is one of the oldest preserved Royal residencies in Poland established by High Duke Casimir II the Just.
 The Marsh House is a colonial revival vernacular built in 1930. It is part of the City of Fairfax Historic District and currently is used as a commercial building.
 This article is about the neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee. For other uses see Fort Sanders (disambiguation).Fort Sanders is a neighborhood in Knoxville Tennessee USA located west of the downtown area and immediately north of the main campus of the University of Tennessee. Developed in the late 19th century as a residential area for Knoxville's growing upper and middle classes the neighborhood now provides housing primarily for the university's student population.
 Founded in 1989 the ZKM  Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe is a cultural institution which since 1997 has been located in a historical industrial building in Karlsruhe Germany that formerly housed a munitions factory.
 The Temple Building is the name of a high-rise building located in Rochester New York. Standing at 218 feet (66 meters) it is the eleventh tallest building in Rochester. The building was built as an expansion of the Second Baptist Church to become a skyscraper church.
 The Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Fort Saskatchewan Alberta. The facility opened in 2012 replacing the former Fort Saskatchewan Health Centre.
 Church of the Advent is a historic church on Church Street 1 block south of the junction with ME 229 in Limestone Maine.It was built in 1881 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Palacio Piria is a building in Centro Montevideo Uruguay located between Plaza de Cagancha and San José Street. It houses the Supreme Court. It is a National Heritage Site since 1975 and an example of the Eclecticism style of architecture.
 Huff's Store is a general store in Burwood Tennessee. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is a one-story building with a hipped roof that was built in 1911.The store is one of the last general stores still operating in Middle Tennessee. It is owned and operated by Kenneth E. Huff one of eight children in the Huff family which acquired the store in 1937.
 The Atchison County Courthouse located at the southwest corner of 5th and Parallel Streets in Atchison is the seat of government of Atchison County Kansas. The stone courthouse was built from 1896 to 1897 and replaced the county's first courthouse which had been built in 1859. County officials wanted the courthouse to resemble the Franklin County Courthouse in Ottawa so they hired that building's architect George P. Washburn to design the new courthouse.
 Walter Stratton House is a historic home located at Roxbury in Delaware County New York United States. It was built in 1828 and is a small 1 1⁄2-story building on a deep fieldstone basement with a gable roof. It has a 1-story recessed frame wing. Also on the property is a 1-story frame garage. It is one of six extant stone houses in the town.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Tottori City Historical Museum (鳥取市歴史博物館 Tottori-shi Rekishi Hakubutsukan) opened in Tottori Japan in 2000 and is dedicated to the history of the city.
 New Hall Place (also known as The Capital and the Royal & SunAlliance Building) is a 13-storey brutalist style office complex in the commercial district of Liverpool England.
 Kehillat Israel or Congregation Kehillat Israel (Hebrew: קהילת ישראל‎) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 2014 Forest Road in Lansing Michigan. KI was founded in 1970 by a small group of families who wished to create a fully participatory Jewish experience that would be rich in community and tradition and to establish a superior religious school. In 1982 the congregation purchased and remodeled a Lansing public school building to house the growing membership.
 The House at 129 High Street in Reading Massachusetts is a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house. The 2.5 story wood frame structure was built in the 1890s; its most prominent feature is a pair of rounded single story projections from the front facade. The right side is part of the porch that extends across the center of the of facade and the left is an enclosed circular room.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Frøya Church (Norwegian: Frøya kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the village of Kalvåg on the southern coast of the small island of Frøya. The church is part of the Frøya parish in the Nordfjord deanery in the Diocese of Bjørgvin.This is a wooden long church that was built in 1865. The church with a seating capacity of 400 was consecrated on 11 December 1865 by the dean Johan Carl Christie.
 Tracy's Landing Tobacco House No. 2 is a historic tobacco barn at Tracy's Landing Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a 24’3 by 45’2 heavy timber framed tobacco barn with a construction date of 1805. It is the earliest identified tobacco house extant in Anne Arundel County and is one of the earliest recorded examples of this type of agricultural building in Tidewater Maryland.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Nicholas Ukrainian Catholic Church also known as St. Nicholas Greek Catholic Church is a historic Ukrainian Catholic church in Watervliet New York. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Clara Simpson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 69 Piedmont Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It is one of the older triple deckers in the Piedmont section of the city built c. 1888. It follows a typical side hall plan and has a jog on the side wall. It has a hip roof which hangs over the house in typical Italianate fashion with decorative brackets.
 William Howard Taft National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Cincinnati Ohio maintained by the National Park Service of the United States.
 Edinburg Mill is a grist mill in Edinburg Virginia. The three story wood framed building stands on Stony Creek set on a limestone basement. A working mill until 1978 the original structure was built in 1848 by the Grandstaff family. It replaced an 1813 complex developed by Grandstaff that included a sawmill grist mill and a carding operation.
 Sortland Church (Norwegian: Sortland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the town of Sortland. The church is part of the Sortland parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland.
 The Barnes County Courthouse in Valley City North Dakota was built in 1925. It is one ofthree distinctive county buildings in North Dakota (the others Ward and Burke counties)which were designed by the Minneapolis Minnesota firm Toltz King and Day.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.The courthouse has Doric columns. On the frieze is inscribed: BUILT FOR THE PEOPLE OF BARNES COUNTY TO PERPETUATE ORDER AND JUSTICE.
 The Shrine of the Holy Relics in Maria Stein Ohio is the second largest collection of relics in the United States. It is a part of the historic Maria Stein Convent.
 Oak Alley Plantation is a historic plantation located on the Mississippi River in the community of Vacherie Louisiana. It is protected as a National Historic Landmark. It is named after its distinguishing feature an alley or canopied path created by a double row of live oaks about 800 feet (240 meters) long that was planted in the early 18th century long before the present house was built. The alley runs between the house and the Mississippi River.
 Union Park Congregational Church and Carpenter Chapel (also known as First Baptist Congregational Church) is a historic church building at 60 N. Ashland Blvd. on the Near West Side of Chicago Illinois. The chapel is named after Philo Carpenter a deacon a co-founder of the congregation and of the Chicago Theological Seminary and an early donor of the original church who was also a noted abolitionist and the city's first druggist.
 The South Unitarian Church is an historic church building at 888 Main Street in the Main South neighborhood of Worcester Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Earle & Fisher and was built by the Norcross Brothers in 1894 for the South Unitarian Society established in 1890. The building is made of sandstone blocks laid in courses alternating in width.
 The Sebrell Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Sebrell Southampton County Virginia. The district encompasses 112 contributing buildings and 3 contributing site sites near the historically African-American village of Sebrell. The buildings represent an variety of popular architectural styles including Georgian Greek Revival Queen Anne and Italianate.
 The Bank of College Grove in College Grove Tennessee is a building built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It historically functioned as a financial institution.The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 House at No. 176 South Main Street is a historic home located at Mount Morris in Livingston County New York. The brick first story was built as a school in 1845. It was enlarged and converted to a residence in 1900 in the Colonial Revival style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Union Bank Building is the oldest skyscraper in Canada and is located in the Exchange District of Winnipeg Manitoba. Construction began in 1903 and it opened in November 1904. The 10-storey building was Winnipeg's first skyscraper south of City Hall and was the tallest building in Winnipeg at the time of its construction. Initially built for Union Bank now houses the Hospitality programs of Red River College. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1996.
 The Cook Landing Site in Waimea on Kauaʻi island in Hawaii is where Captain James Cook landed at the mouth of the Waimea River on January 20 1778. Cook was the first European reported to have sighted the Hawaiian Islands and the January 20 landfall on southwestern Kauaʻi was his first arrival upon Hawaiian soil.
 St John the Evangelist's Church Byley is in the small village of Byley Cheshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Michael and All Angels Middlewich.
 The Robert and Julia Darling House in Simsbury Connecticut also known as Cannon Medical Center is a Colonial Revival building built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.It is an imposing building on the main street Hopmeadow Street through the town.
 Schloss Wolfegg is a Renaissance castle next to the town of Wolfegg in Upper Swabia (Germany). The castle is the ancestral seat of the house of Waldburg-Wolfegg which still owns it today.
 Camp Washington-Carver Complex also known as West Virginia 4-H Camp for Negroes is a historic camp and national historic district located near Clifftop Fayette County West Virginia. The district encompasses four contributing buildings and two contributing structures the most notable being the Great Chestnut Lodge a log building of unusual size and structural character. It is the largest log structure built entirely of chestnut in West Virginia.
 The Pacific Jewish Center also known as The Shul on the Beach or PJC is a synagogue in Venice Los Angeles California known for its outreach to unaffiliated and disconnected Jews. The Shul remains the last of the synagogues built in Venice during the first part of the 20th century. Although an Orthodox synagogue due to its location in an eclectic neighborhood worshippers who identify themselves as many different denominations are all welcomed when attending services and other events.
 The Land Bank Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1923. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was designed by architects Keene & Simpson.
 The Old Mine Park Archaeological Site is a historic site in the Long Hill Trumbull Connecticut section of Trumbull Connecticut. It was mined from 1828 to 1920 and during 1942-1946. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Presidential Palace (Croatian: Predsjednički dvori also referred to by the metonym Pantovčak) in Zagreb is the official residence of the President of Croatia. The president does not actually live in the building as it is used to house the Office of the President of Croatia rather than as a residence. The structure covers 3700 square metres (40000 square feet) and in 2009 government budget it was allocated 54 million kuna (c. 7.3 million euro).
 The Tower Hotel part of the Guoman collection is situated on the north bank of the River Thames on the east side of Tower Bridge in London. It is built in a modern style considered unattractive by many indeed it was voted the second ugliest building in London in a 2006 BBC poll. However it is reputed to offer occupants excellent views from its rooms.The hotel has 801 rooms as well as 19 meeting rooms with a capacity of up to 600 people.
 The Consulate General of the United States in Ho Chi Minh City is located at 4 Le Duan Boulevard in District 1. It provides consular services and it deals with diplomatic affairs in Ho Chi Minh City and the rest of southern Vietnam. Like many foreign diplomatic buildings in the world the consulate general facility has tight security.The consulate general building stands adjacent to the site of the former U.S.
 The Jacob Woodruff House is a two-story octagonal house constructed of concrete walls featuring a large windowed cupola and metal roof. It is located in Ripon in the U.S. state of Wisconsin and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Jacob Woodruff was a member of and the librarian for the Wisconsin Phalanx in 1846 a communal society based on the philosophy of Charles Fourier a French socialist.
 The Peabody Hotel is a luxury hotel in Downtown Memphis Tennessee. The hotel is known for the Peabody Ducks that live on the hotel rooftop and make daily treks to the lobby. The Peabody Memphis is a member of Historic Hotel of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 Tyree Stone Tavern also known as the Old Stone House is a historic inn and tavern located near Clifftop Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1824 and is a two story fieldstone building. It measures approximately 40 feet long and 30 feet deep. It served as a stage coach stop on the James River and Kanawha Turnpike.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 Songdhammakalyani Monastery (Thai: ทรงธรรมกัลยาณีภิกษุณีอาราม) is a temple and monastery of Bhikkhuni in Nakhon Pathom Thailand. It was founded in 1960 by Ven. Ta Tao Fa Tzu (born Voramai Kabilsingh). The monastery was originally known Wat Songdhammakalyani (the temple of women who uphold Dharma).The Abbess of Songdhammakalyani Monastery is Ven. Dhammananda Bhikkhuni the daughter of the founder Ven. Ta Tao Fa Tzu.
 The Boley Building in Kansas City Missouri is a building from 1909 designed by Canadian-born American architect Louis Curtiss. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.It is currently the world headquarters for Andrews McMeel Universal parent company to Universal Uclick Andrews McMeel Publishing and GoComics.
 The Baroque Mariatrost Basilica on top of the Purberg hill in Mariatrost a district of Graz is one of the most famous pilgrimage sites of Styria in Austria.The pilgrimage church stands prominently on top of the Purberg hill (469 m) in the northeast of Graz. It can be reached using the 200 or more steps of the Angelus stair. The basilica is classified as a Baroque building.
 The Design Exchange (DX) is a non-profit design museum located in the historic Toronto Stock Exchange building. The DX hosts exhibitions competitions and educational programming dedicated exclusively to the pursuit of design excellence and preservation of design heritage. The DX also contains the permanent collection of Canadian Industrial Design and is home to the Clairtone archives Fred Moffat archives and Thomas Lamb archives.
 The Zen Group of Western Australia (ZGWA) is an organization of lay zen practitioners located in Perth Western Australia.
 The Capt. James Loomis House is located in Windsor Connecticut. The house was built in 1825 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 15 1988.
 Old Engine Company No. 26 also known as the Langdon Firehouse and Chemical Company No. 3 located at 2715 22nd Street NE Washington D.C. is a historic firehouse built in 1908 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.The firehouse was built in response to a petition by the Northeastern Citizens’ Suburban Association for better fire protection.
 The Excelsior Hotel Ernst with a view of Cologne Cathedral the Dom was built in 1863. Carl Ernst was the constructor and first owner of the hotel which was formerly called Hotel Ernst.
 Church of SS Mary and Ambrose Edgbaston is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Birmingham.
 Firelands Regional Medical Center (formally known as Firelands Community Hospital) is a 227-bed not-for-profit medical center in Sandusky Ohio United States. The medical center had 9678 admissions 3162 inpatient procedures 7704 outpatient surgeries and its emergency department had 47208 visits. Firelands Regional Medical Center is the only hospital in Erie County serving more than 10000 inpatients and over 45000 ER patients annually and is the largest year-round employer.
 The Masonic Temple in Stuart Iowa is a historic building built in 1894. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. Originally a meeting hall for a local Masonic Lodge it now houses retail space and residential apartments.
 Greenfield Hall is located in Haddonfield Camden County New Jersey United States. The building was built in 1747 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 5 1974. The Historical Society of Haddonfield operates a museum within the building.
 Old Sardinia Town Hall also known as the Sardinia Meeting House and First Baptist Church of Sardinia is a historic town hall located at Sardinia in Erie County New York. It is now home to the Sardinia Historical Society and Museum.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
 The Inyo County Courthouse on N. Edwards St. in Independence California was designed by architect William H. Weeks in Classical Revival style and was built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.It is significant for association with economic and political development of the Owens Valley and for housing county government during 1921-1947. It is the only example of monumental Neo-Classical Revival architecture in the Owens Valley area.
 Gap View Farm near Charles Town West Virginia is a historic farm complex built in 1774. The farm was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 9 1997.
 Chestnut Hill is a historic home located at Windsor Township York County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1940-1941 and is a 2-story plus basement Colonial Revival-style dwelling. It measures 94 feet wide and has a cross gable of 40 feet deep. The first story is sandstone and the second is sheathed in redwood clapboard. It features direct outdoor access from all rooms on the main floor and an elliptical two-story front hall with a spiral staircase.
 Courthouse Center is a government office tower in Downtown Miami Florida United States. The Courthouse Center was built in 1986 and contains 100% office space. It has 30 floors and is 405 ft (123 m) tall. The building's architecture is distinctly similar to Southeast Financial Center. The building is located near Government Center on Northwest 1st Avenue. It is located in the western edge of Downtown.
 William E. Wells House is a historic home located at Newell Hancock County West Virginia. It was built in 1907 and extensively remodeled in 1934-1935. It is a three story Colonial Revival-style dwelling finished in locally-quarried rock-faced ashlar. It features a multiple-pitched slate roof. Also on the property are two garages (c. 1920) two stone entry portals (1907) and a stone sidewalk portals and walls (1907). William E.
 The Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory a museum located in Louisville Kentucky's Museum Row in the West Main District of downtown showcases the history of the Louisville Slugger brand of baseball bats made by Hillerich & Bradsby and of baseball in general.
 The Fourth Ward School is an historic 4-story mansard-roofed former public school building located at 537 South C Street in Virginia City Nevada. Designed in 1876 by architect C.M. Bennett in the Second Empire style of architecture it originally held over 1000 students in grades 1 though 9 divided into three departments: primary (grades 1 though 4); second grammar (grades 5 though 7) and high school (grades 8 and 9). Grades 10 through 12 were added by 1909.
 Hope Lodge is a historic building located at 553 South Bethlehem Pike in Fort Washington Pennsylvania in the United States. It was used by Continental troops during the 1777 Philadelphia Campaign during the American Revolution.
 The Philippine International Convention Center (Filipino: Sentrong Pangkumbensyong Pandaigdig ng Pilipinas or PICC) is a convention center located in the Cultural Center of the Philippines complex in Pasay Metro Manila Philippines.
 Westmoreland Outlet World (or commonly known as WOW Outlets) is a large outlet center located off of U.S. Route 30 in Greensburg Pennsylvania near the Westmoreland Mall. It is the largest outlet shopping complex in the Laurel Highlands region of Pennsylvania. The center is anchored by the World of Values discount store and Beer Arena and is home to more than 10 independent shops and services.
 The Shaheed Minar (Bengali: শহীদ মিনার Shohid Minar lit. Martyr Monument) is a national monument in Dhaka Bangladesh established to commemorate those killed during the Bengali Language Movement demonstrations of 1952.On February 21 1952 dozens of students and political activists were killed when the Pakistani police force opened fire on Bengali protesters who were demanding equal status for their native tongue Bengali.
 Sharp Farmhouse is a historic home located at Guilderland in Albany County New York. It was built about 1875 and is a two story L shaped building with Stick/Eastlake style detailing. It features a gable roof with carved exposed framing and a small ocular window.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Les Promenades King is an important shopping center in Sherbrooke Quebec Canada with about 55 stores offices and gift shops accessible from an outside promenade and an inside mall.
 All Saints Church Theddlethorpe is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Theddlethorpe Lincolnshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands to the east of the A1031 road in the area of the village named Theddlethorpe All Saints and is some 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Mablethorpe. It has been called the Cathedral of the Marsh.
 Sutherland Hospital is part of the South Eastern Sydney and Illawarra Area Health Service and is located in Caringbah a southern suburb of Sydney New South Wales Australia. The hospital has a general medicine general surgery obstetrics and gynaecology paediatrics aged care rehabilitation and psychiatry service. It is a teaching hospital of the University of New South Wales.
 Glen Tonche is an American estate atop Mount Tonche in Ulster County near Shokan New York.The estate's house was built in 1928 as the summer family compound of American businessman Raymond Pitcairn whose family founded PPG Industries.
 The Institut Valencià d'Art Modern (Valencian pronunciation: [instiˈtud valensiˈa ˈðaɾd moˈðɛɾn]; Spanish: Instituto Valenciano de Arte Moderno; English: Valencian Institute of Modern Art) also known by the acronym IVAM was the first center of modern art created in Spain opening in 1989 in the city of Valencia.
 The Maine Mall built in 1971 is an enclosed shopping mall located in South Portland Maine a suburb of Portland. At 1200000 square feet (110000 m2) it is the largest shopping mall in the state of Maine and the second-largest in northern New England (behind only the Mall at Rockingham Park in New Hampshire). Anchored by Bon Ton Best Buy JCPenney Macy's and Sears the mall features over 140 tenants a food court and several ancillary restaurant/retail pad sites.
 Benjamin Evans House is a historic home located at Nescopeck Township Luzerne County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1855 and is a two-story frame dwelling in the Italian Villa style. It consists of two offset cubic structures and sits on a stone foundation. It features a belvedere a projecting main roof cornice and three porches.
 St. Vincent's Hospital was a Catholic hospital in Normandy Missouri.In 1858 the Sisters of Charity founded St. Vincent's Sanitarium for those with nervous and mental diseases. The Hospital was located on St. Vincent's Lane north of St. Charles Rock Road; the address is now 1600 Castle Park Dr St. Louis Missouri 63133 and is the current home of the Castle Park Apartments.It opened in August 1858 at Ninth and Marion Streets in St.
 Oswego Community Hospital (OCH) is a federally and state-designated 12 bed critical access hospital located in Oswego Kansas.
 The Historic Trinity Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Detroit Michigan. It occupies the Trinity Evangelical Lutheran Church complex located at 1345 Gratiot Avenue. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1981 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Luton Hoo is an English country house and estate between the towns of Luton Bedfordshire and Harpenden Hertfordshire. Most of the estate lies within the civil parish of Hyde Bedfordshire. The unusual name Hoo is a Saxon word meaning the spur of a hill and is more commonly associated with East Anglia.
 Broad Street Tower (also known as 212–223 Broad Street by its address) is an approved 134-metre skyscraper for Broad Street Birmingham England. It is designed by DTZ Pieda Consulting and Level Seven Architects.The developer Richardson and Cordwell originally proposed the building in 2005 at 120 metres in height.
 The Avalon Theater is a Historic Art Deco style Movie theater located in the commercial district of Larimore North Dakota United States. Built in 1938 as a 350 seat theater the Avalon's most significant feature is its Art Deco detailing especially the marquee box office and entry doors and continuing with simple Art Deco geometry motifs in the interior all of which has survived.
 The U.S. Post Office in Goshen New York United States is located on Grand Street downtown in the village of Goshen. It serves ZIP Code 10924 roughly contiguous with the village and town. The brick Colonial Revival building was completed in 1936 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.E.P. Valkenburgh's design is smaller than most Colonial Revival post offices built during the New Deal in the state.
 The Church of the Epiphany and St. Mark Parkdale is a small inclusive parish of the Anglican Church of Canada located in Toronto Ontario. The church was founded upon the amalgamation of The Church of the Epiphany and The Church of St. Mark Parkdale in 1983.
 The Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Center (formerly known as the Criminal Courts Building) is the county courthouse in downtown Los Angeles California U.S.A. It is located at 210 West Temple Street between Broadway and Spring Street.Originally known as the Criminal Courts Building in 2002 it was renamed the Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Center after Clara S.
 Cowra Plaza is in Cowra New South Wales Australia. It has a corner location and signage 9 pedestrian access points — 8 on ground level and one via a lift to the deck car parks — and both open and undercover car parks at the rear of the centre as well as limited main street parking at Kendal Street entrance.The plaza is anchored by Costco supermarket and has 5 specialty stores.
 Peckham Platform (formerly called Peckham Space) is a public art gallery in London that commissions and exhibits work by contemporary artists usually in collaboration with local community groups.
 Masbate Cathedral formally known as the Cathedral-Parish of Saint Anthony of Padua is a Roman Catholic church located on Quezon Street in Masbate City Masbate Province the Philippines. It is the cathedral or seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Masbate. It belongs to the Vicariate of St. Anthony of Padua which includes also Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish in Malinta Masbate City and St. Nicholas of Tolentino Parish in Mobo. It was founded in 1578 by Spanish Missionaries.
 Cyrus Bates House also known as Oliver Bates House and T.O. Whitney House is a historic home located at Henderson in Jefferson County New York.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
 Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack is a one mile long clay oval motor racetrack on the grounds of the Illinois State Fair in Springfield the state capital. Constructed in the late 19th century and reconstructed in 1927 the Springfield Mile as it is known has hosted competitive auto racing since 1910 making it one of the oldest speedways in the United States.
 Church of St. Peter and Paul (Croatian: Crkva svetog Petra i Pavla Serbian Cyrillic: Црква светог Петра и Павла) in Bolman is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia. The church is dedicated to St. Peter and Paul.
 Hangar No. 1 is an airship hangar located at Naval Air Engineering Station Lakehurst in Manchester Township in Ocean County New Jersey United States. It is best known as the intended destination of the rigid airship LZ 129 Hindenburg prior to the Hindenburg Disaster on May 6 1937 when it crashed and burned while landing.
 The Theodore Krumberg Building is a historic commercial building and former bank in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati Ohio United States.
 The First Presbyterian Church of Florence at 225 East Butte Avenue in Florence Arizona was built in 1931. It was designed by Wallingford & Bell in Mission/Spanish Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.In 2012 the congregation had 64 members.
 The Carrington-Covert House is a historic commerce building in downtown Austin Texas; it serves as the headquarters of the Texas Historical Commission. It was built in 1857 less than 20 years after Austin was founded making it one of the few surviving pre-Civil War structures in the city.
 The Peter Hoyle House is a mid- to late-18th century two-story house in Gaston County North Carolina with notable German-American construction features the main block of which reflects two and possibly three phases but the exact construction dates have not been determined. A major renovation circa 1810 added a late Georgian and Federal finish as well as front and rear shed porches. A brick well house and a frame smoke house both east of the house date from the 19th century.
 The Masonic Temple in Yuma Arizona was built in 1931 in the late Art Deco style of Moderne. The Masonic Temple was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
 Angell Hall is an academic building at the University of Michigan. It was previously connected to the University Hall building which was replaced by Mason Hall and Haven Hall. Angell Hall is named in honor of James Burrill Angell who was the University's president from 1871-1909.The Angell Hall Observatory is located on the fifth floor roof of Angell Hall.
 The Church of St. John the Evangelist is an Anglican church found in the heart of Ottawa Ontario Canada at the corner of Elgin and 154 Somerset Streets. The church is named in honour of John the Evangelist.
 Nottingham Exchange was built in the Market Place in Nottingham between 1724 and 1726 as the main offices of the Nottingham Corporation.
 The Hotel Vintage Plaza formerly the Imperial Hotel and The Plaza Hotel is a historic hotel building in downtown Portland Oregon United States. It was completed in 1894 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Toronto Jail (more commonly known as The Don or The Don Jail) is a provincial jail for remanded offenders in the city of Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located in the Riverdale neighbourhood on Gerrard Street East near its intersection with Broadview Avenue. It gets its nickname from the nearby Don River. One reason for the popular use of The Don nickname is that this jail was the third or fourth to be known as the Toronto Jail.
 The Joseph Dessert Library at 123 Main St. in Mosinee Wisconsin was built in 1928. It was designed by architect Alexander C. Eschweiler. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is part of the Marathon County Public Library and a member of the Wisconsin Valley Library Service.
 St Andrew's in the Square is an 18th-century category-A-listed former church in Glasgow Scotland considered one of the finest classical churches in Britain and now Glasgow's Centre for Scottish Culture promoting Scottish music song and dance. The church is located in St Andrew's Square near Glasgow Cross and Glasgow Green on the edge of the City's East End.
 The Museum of Science and History (MOSH) is a museum in Jacksonville Florida USA. It is a private non-profit institution located on the Southbank Riverwalk and the city's most visited museum. It specializes in science and local history exhibits. It features a main exhibit that changes quarterly three floors of permanent exhibits and the Bryan Gooding Planetarium.
 The Becton Dickinson and Company Corporate Headquarters is a corporate campus in Franklin Lakes New Jersey. Built between 1986 and 1992 the buildings serve as the corporate and divisional headquarters of the Becton Dickinson (BD) medical technology company. Designed by the architecture firm Kallmann McKinnell & Wood the complex has won numerous awards for its unique modern design.
 Ani ng Dangal or Harvest of Honors is a state recognition given by the National Commission for Culture and the Arts under the Office of the President of the Republic of the Philippines. It is an annual event in the Philippines celebrated as a highlight and concluding rite of the Philippine Arts Festival.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of New York Building at 33 Liberty Street and occupying the full block between Liberty William and Nassau Streets and Maiden Lane in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City is the headquarters of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. It is where the monetary policy of the United States is executed by trading dollars and United States Treasury securities.
 Suzhou Zhongnan Center (Chinese: 苏州中心广场) is a megatall skyscraper proposed for construction in SIP Suzhou Jiangsu. The tower will be 700 metres (2296.6 ft) tall. Suzhou Center Plaza located in the Central Business District of Suzhou to the west of Jinji Lake. The tower is a part of large urban development project Suzhou Industrial Park and its estimated cost of this plaza is 28.5 billion yuan. The construction will begin in early 2014.
 Shepherd Center is a private not-for profit hospital in Atlanta Georgia. Founded in 1975 the 152-bed hospital is devoted to the medical treatment research and rehabilitation for people with spinal cord injury and disease acquired brain injury multiple sclerosis chronic pain and other neuromuscular problems.
 Hiram Sibley Homestead is a historic home located at Sibleyville in Monroe County New York. The wood frame Federal-style house was built about 1827 and consists of five sections. The original house includes the 2 1⁄2-story rectangular main section and the attached 2-story north and west wings. It was moved to its present site in 1928.
 The Church of St John the Evangelist is a Roman Catholic church in the market town of Poulton-le-Fylde Lancashire England. The current church replaced an earlier chapel which lies a few metres to the north-east.
 Brewster Old King's Highway Historic District is a historic district roughly on MA 6A from east of Paines Creek Road to Bittersweet Drive and parts of Briar and Lower Roads in Brewster Massachusetts.It features Federal mid 19th Century Revival and Late Victorian architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 The Union Building (also known the Texas Union Building or Student Union Building) is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus serving as a college independent community center or living room for students.
 Arsenal Hill is a neighborhood in Columbia South Carolina. Arsenal Hill was one of the first residential neighborhoods in the city and was the site of an arsenal during the Civil War. The South Carolina Governor's Mansion is located in Arsenal Hill. The current Governor's mansion is the only building left of The Arsenal which was the sister school of The Citadel The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston.
 The Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QEH) is a 274 bed acute care hospital located in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada making it the largest hospital in the province.Operated by Health PEI the hospital opened in 1982 resulting in the closure of the Charlottetown Hospital and the Prince Edward Island Hospital.
 Santa Corona is a medieval church located in Vicenza and contains the Valmarana chapel (circa 1576) whose design is attributed to the architect Andrea Palladio. Palladio himself is buried in this church.The church was founded by the Blessed (Beato) Bishop Bartolomeo di Breganze during the 1200s to house a thorn from the supposed relic of the crown (corona) of thorns forced on Jesus during his passion. The thorn had been given to this bishop as a gift from Louis IX of France.
 The Monona County Courthouse located in Onawa Iowa United States was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the second building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
 The Hinton Historic District is a national historic district located at Hinton Summers County West Virginia. The original Hinton Historic District is bordered roughly by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad line James Street 5th Avenue and Roundhouse. The boundary increase extended the district to include Mill Street. It encompasses 212 contributing buildings one contributing structure (a railroad water tank) and two contributing objects (veterans' memorials).
 Rožmberk (German: original Rosenberg) is a castle situated in South Bohemia near Rožmberk nad Vltavou in the Czech Republic. Considered as one of the oldest castles in Bohemia it stands on a promotory carved out on three sides by the river Vltava. It was first mentioned in 1253 in a document signed by Vok von Rosenberg. It is regarded as the cradle of the House of Rožmberk also known as the Lords of the Rose a historical Czech aristocratic family.
 The House at 105 President's Lane is a historic house at 105 President's Lane in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Oracle Tower (Floreasca Tower) is an office building located in Bucharest. It has 16 floors (2 B + GF + L1 to L13) and a surface of 10000 sqm. Year built 2008
 The John B. Stetson House (known locally as the Stetson Mansion) is a historic home in DeLand Florida United States. It is located at 1031 Camphor Lane. The house was designed by popular Philadelphia architect George T. Pearson in 1886. Pearson also designed several buildings for Mr. Stetson on the Stetson University campus as well as the Stetson factory buildings in North Philadelphia. On November 21 1978 it was added to the U.S.
 The Arcade Barn was a UK-based Classic Video Gaming Museum founded in 2008 by Shaun Meldon.Run by Shaun and Aran 'The Barn' was designed with the intention of recreating the atmosphere of a UK amusement arcade from the Eighties.
 St Andrew's Church (in full the Church of St Andrew the Apostle) is an Anglican church in Worthing West Sussex England. Built between 1885 and 1886 in the Early English Gothic style by Sir Arthur Blomfield one of the last great Gothic revivalists the church was embroiled in controversy as soon as it was founded.
 Burg Alt-Teuffenbach is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Indian and the Puritan is a historic monument opposite 5 Washington Street in Newark Essex County New Jersey United States.It was constructed in 1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
 St Mary's and All Saints is a parish church in Boxley Kent begun in the 13th century and with additions in the 14th and 15th centuries. The church was restored in the 1870s. It is a Grade I listed building.
 Old St. Mary's Church is believed to be the oldest church in Clonmel South Tipperary Ireland. It is believed to have been built in 1204 by William de Burgh.It was the first building ever to be referenced in the town appearing in a letter dated August 1228. The entire over ground 13th Century structure has disappeared but the remains of an armored knight were found in a vault from that period under the south aisle in 1832.
 The Yodokō Guest House was built as the summer villa for the well-to-do brewer of Sakura-Masamune sake Tazaemon Yamamura and is the only surviving Frank Lloyd Wright residence in Japan. The guest house was designed in 1918 and construction was completed six years later.Set into a hilltop in Ashiya overlooking the Port of Kobe in western Japan the villa demonstrates Wright's genius for spatial composition: although it has four levels none is taller than two stories.
 The Priory Church of St Mary of Mount Carmel commonly called the Priory Church or St Mary's Episcopal Church is a congregation of the Scottish Episcopal Church located in South Queensferry near Edinburgh Scotland. The church building was constructed in the mid 15th century for the Carmelite Order. It served as the parish church in the 16th and 17th centuries but subsequently fell into disrepair. In 1890 it was restored and reopened by the Scottish Episcopal Church.
 Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden (English: Dresden State Art Collections) is a cultural institution in Dresden Germany owned by the State of Saxony. It is one of the most renowned and oldest museum institutions in the world originating from the collections of the Saxon electors in the 16th century. Today the Dresden State Art Collections consists of twelve museums. Most of them are located in the Dresden Castle the Zwinger and the Albertinum.
 The Sunset Chapel is a private chapel in Acapulco Guerrero México designed by Bunker Arquitectura
 The Conway Bridge is a historic road bridge that crosses the Nolichucky River between Greene County and Cocke County Tennessee. It has also been known as Nolichucky River Bridge as Bridge at Bird Hill as Birds Hill Bridge and as Bridge at Conway Ferry.It was built in 1924–5 to replace the Conway Ferry that crossed the river at that site.
 The Linden Museum (German: Linden-Museum Stuttgart. Staatliches Museum für Völkerkunde) is an ethnological museum located in Stuttgart Germany.The museum traces its origins to the collection of objects amassed by the Verein für Handelsgeographie (Association for Trade Geography) in the 19th century.
 Solomon Wesley United Methodist Church is a historic church at 291-B Davistown Road / Asyla Road in the Blackwood section of Gloucester Township Camden County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The First Congregational Church of Marion is a historic church at 601 Clay Street in Marion Alabama. It was built in 1871 after the congregation was established in 1869 by freed slaves and the American Missionary Association. The congregation later became affiliated with the United Church of Christ in the 1950s. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 The Curzon Hall is a British Raj-era building and home of the Faculty of Science at the University of Dhaka.The building was originally intended to be a town hall and is named after Lord Curzon the Viceroy of India who laid its foundation stone in 1904. Upon the establishment of Dacca University in 1921 it became the base of the university's science faculty.
 Maston House also known as Cannon's Savannah is a historic home located near Seaford Sussex County Delaware. It was built in 1727 and enlarged in 1733. It is a 1 1/2-story single pile brick structure with a gable roof in the Resurrection Manor style. As such it resembles Maryland rather than Delaware houses. It has shed-roof dormers. The interior has wide floor boards and a narrow enclosed staircase winding around the chimney. It is one of Sussex County's oldest brick structures.
 The Catoctin Creek Bridge over Catoctin Creek in Virginia is a nine-panel iron Pratt truss bridge first erected about 1889. The bridge was fabricated by the Variety Iron Works of Cleveland Ohio. It carries Virginia Route 673 also known as Featherbottom Road. The bridge was originally located at a crossing of nearby Goose Creek carrying the Leesburg Turnpike later Virginia State Route 7 but was relocated in 1932 to its present location.
 The Lovell Block is an historic residential and commercial building at 1853 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1882 by Andrew Jackson Lovell with two specific commercial tenants in mind. One was his own grocery business and the other was the North Cambridge Post Office. The upper floors contained a total of four well-appointed residential flats.
 The Empress Hotel (formerly the Empress of India Hotel) was a pub and live music venue located at 714 Nicholson Street in the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy North. The Empress Hotel closed in December 2013.
 Emmanuel Episcopal Church is an historic church building at 50 Emmanuel Church Road in Killingworth Connecticut.
 In 1961 Mr N Mohammed opened the Greengate Asian Restaurant in the West End of Glasgow Scotland. It was the first Pakistani restaurant in the city. Mr Mohammed's son Ali Ahmed Aslam worked in the business and in 1964 they opened the Shish Mahal restaurant named after the 'Mirror Palace' in Lahore Pakistan. Although it has changed location since then the 'Shish' as it is popularly known can claim to be the oldest 'Indian' restaurant in Glasgow.
 Loop Retail Historic District is a shopping district within the Chicago Loop community area in Cook County Illinois United States. It is bounded by Lake Street to the north Congress Parkway to the south State Street to the west and Wabash Avenue to the east. The district has the highest density of National Historic Landmark National Register of Historic Places and Chicago Landmark designated buildings in Chicago.
 The International House of Prayer (IHOP or IHOPKC) is an evangelical charismatic Pentecostal Christian missions organization based in Kansas City Missouri and the nearby suburb of Grandview that focuses on prayer worship and evangelism.It is most well known for the prayer room which has run 24/7 with live worship teams since September 19 1999 and subsequently broadcast on its website. Doctrinally IHOPKC is evangelical post-tribulational and affirms historic premillennialism.
 Thomas Mifflin School is a historic school building located in the East Falls neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1936. It is a 2 1/2-story L-shaped brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. Additions were built in 1966 and 1968. It features a large brick and wood clock tower gable roof and rounded gables.
 Lacolle railway station is a railway station located in Lacolle Quebec. Its address is 21 rue Ste-Marie adjacent to the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) Lacolle Subdivision.
 Hopsewee Plantation also known as Thomas Lynch Jr. Birthplace or Hopsewee-on-the-Santee is a house built in 1735 near Georgetown South Carolina. It was the birthplace of Thomas Lynch Jr. a signer of the Declaration of Independence and served as a Lowcountry rice plantation. Before he departed for his ill fated voyage he made a will which stipulated that heirs of his female relatives must change their surname to Lynch in order to inherit the family estate a rice plantation.
 The Whiteside Theatre is located in Corvallis Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Bridport Priory was a priory in Dorset England.
 Moratock Park is a public park in Danbury North Carolina that includes the site of Moratock Iron Furnace. Union cavalry under the command of George Stoneman destroyed most of the original foundryworks while conducting raids through the area in 1865 during the American Civil War.
 The Ellis Bird Farm consists of a grain elevator built in 1937 and is the oldest standing seed elevator in Alberta. As well as a Tea House self-guided trails demonstration wildlife gardens a picnic area bird banding tours and the World's Largest collection of functional bluebird nestboxes.
 INAIL Tower also Palazzo INAIL; former as Torre Alitalia Torre IBM is a skyscraper in Rome Italy. Has 72 metres and 21 floors. Today it is one of tallest buildings in the city. Lies within EUR. Building is headquarters of National Institute for Insurance against Accidents at Work.Built in 1965 was a vertical 19-storey building 72 metres high as the seat of the national airline - Alitalia commonly called Tower Air France or Alitalia Skyscraper.
 All Faith Church or All Faith Protestant Episcopal Church is a historic church located at Charlotte Hall St. Mary's County Maryland. It was built between 1766 and 1769. It is a one-story brick laid in Flemish bond building with a wood shingle roof. It is one of the best examples of preserved Georgian ecclesiastical design and construction in St. Mary's County.
 Most Pure Heart Of Mary Church is a historic church at West Street and Raymond Avenue in Shelby Ohio.It was built in 1924 and added to the National Register in 1978.
 Mount St. Joseph Abbey is an abbey of the Trappist branch of the Cistercians located near Roscrea North Tipperary in Ireland. The abbey was founded in 1878 by a group of 32 Monks from Mount Melleray Abbey County Waterford. The church was opened for worship in 1883 and a Boarding school - Cistercian College Roscrea - was founded in 1905.Three foundations have been made from Mount Saint Joseph - Nunraw (Scotland) in 1946 Tarrawarra (Australia) in 1954 and Bolton (County Kildare) in 1964.
 The Phi Gamma Delta Fraternity House in Minneapolis Minnesota is the University of Minnesota chapter house of Phi Gamma Delta.
 Fairmont Dubai is a 34-storey 153 m (502 ft) skyscraper hotel completed in 2002 in Dubai United Arab Emirates. The hotel is managed by the Fairmont Hotels and Resorts brand.This hotel is directly linked to the Dubai World Trade Centre (the Dubai International Convention Centre) as well as to the metro system. The building has been modeled after an Arabic wind tower known as Barajeel and it has become one of the most representative buildings of Sheikh Zayed Road.
 Idaho Museum of Natural History (IMNH) is the state's official natural history museum located on the Campus of Idaho State University located in Pocatello. Founded in 1934 it has collections in anthropology vertebrate paleontology earth science and the life sciences. Additionally it contains an archive of documents and ethnographic photographs.
 The Wheeler Block also known as the Old Town Hall and the former Ransom School is located in Colchester Connecticut. The building was built in 1872 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 16 1993.
 Worthing Museum and Art Gallery is in the centre of Worthing near the grade II* listed St Paul's and is the largest museum in West Sussex. It celebrated its centenary in 2008.
 The Clover Hill Mill is a gristmill located in the U.S. city of Maryville Tennessee. Out of the hundreds of early-20th century mills once scattered across the mountains of East Tennessee the Clover Hill Mill is one of the few still in operation and the last such full service mill in Blount County.
 The Landmark Inn is a hotel that was founded in Marquette Michigan in 1930. The hotel was originally conceptualized in 1910 but it did not start construction until 1917. Landmark Inn is a member of Historic Hotels of America the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
 The Malcolm S. Forbes Jr. '70 College is one of the six residential colleges that house all freshmen and sophomores at Princeton University. The College was a gift to the school by Malcolm S. Forbes Sr. '41 in 1984 in honor of his son Steve. Steve's daughter Catherine Forbes '99 was a member of Forbes College while attending Princeton.
 Batticaloa Teaching Hospital is a government hospital in Batticaloa Sri Lanka. It is the leading hospital in the Eastern Province and is controlled by the central government in Colombo. The hospital is the only teaching hospital in the Eastern Province. The hospital is the main clinical teaching facility for the Eastern University. As of 2010 it had 900 beds.
 The Nova Scotia (grid reference ST571721) is an historic nineteenth century public house situated on Spike Island adjacent to the Cumberland Basin in Bristol Harbour in Bristol England. It was originally built as a terrace of three houses and then converted into a pub. It is a grade II listed building. It was a coaching inn and traces of large lanterns and the entrance to the coach yard survive. The pub serves food and has a range of real ales also traditional cider.
 The Underwriters Salvage Corps is a historic building in Cincinnati Ohio United States. Located on Eighth Street in the city's downtown it has historically been the home of a firm that worked together with both the Cincinnati Fire Department and local fire insurance companies.Local insurance companies formed the Underwriters Salvage Corps in 1886 at the end of a four-year-long process of negotiations.
 The Tom Pendergast House is a historic residence located at 5650 Ward Parkway in the Country Club District in Kansas City Missouri.
 Harmony Presbyterian Church is a historic church on the north side of Highway 103 approximately 8 miles (13 km) north of Clarksville in Harmony Arkansas.It was built in 1915 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 St Thomas' Church Stockton Heath is in Stockton Heath to the south of Warrington Cheshire England. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Great Budworth.
 Colegiata de Santa María la Mayor (Salas) is a church in Asturias Spain. The church was established in the 16th century. It contains a mausoleum.
 17 & 19 Newhall Street is a red brick and Architectural terracotta Grade I listed building on the corner of Newhall Street and Edmund Street in the city centre of Birmingham England.
 The North Worcester Aid Society is a charitable society based in Worcester Massachusetts. It was founded in 1874 to provide clothing for children orphaned during the American Civil War.
 Tovik Church (Norwegian: Tovik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Tovik. The church is part of the Tovik parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1905. The building was designed by the architect N. Saxegaard. The church seats about 200 people.
 The Temple Church is a late-12th-century church in London located between Fleet Street and the River Thames built for and by the Knights Templar as their English headquarters. In modern times two Inns of Court (Inner Temple and Middle Temple) both use the church. It is famous for its effigy tombs and for being a round church. It was heavily damaged during the Second World War but has been largely restored.
 Keio Rail-Land (京王れーるランド Keiō Rēru Rando) is a railway museum located next to Tama-Dōbutsukōen Station on the Keio Dōbutsuen Line in Hino Tokyo Japan. It is operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation. Originally opening in March 2000 the museum was refurbished and expanded with a new outdoor exhibition area in 2013 re-opening on 10 October to mark the 100th anniversary of Keio.
 The South Puyallup River Bridge was built in 1930-31 in Mount Rainier National Park as part of the West Side Road project planned to link the park's Nisqually and Carbon River entrances. The stone-faced reinforced concrete bridge was designed by the National Park Service and the Bureau of Public Roads. It spans 42 feet (13 m) and is almost 35 feet (11 m) wide carrying two lanes of traffic.The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13 1991.
 Meetinghouse Common District is a historic district on Summer South Common and Main Streets in Lynnfield Massachusetts surrounding the town common.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 The Heath House is a Gothic Revival mansion and estate located near the village of Tean in Staffordshire England.
 The Blithewold Mansion Gardens and Arboretum is an arboretum of 13 hectares (32 acres) located at 101 Ferry Road Bristol Rhode Island mid-way between Newport and Providence Rhode Island on Bristol Harbor with views over Narragansett Bay.
 Les Galeries Chagnon is an enclosed regional shopping mall in Lévis Quebec Canada. It opened in 1974. It has 99 stores and its floor area is 497652 sq ft (46233.4 m2).
 The Rescue Hook & Ladder Company No. 1 Firehouse is located in Roslyn New York. Although the department was established on November 1 1852 the firehouse itself was built in 1937 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6 1991. It was subsequently sold and renovated as a Temple. The new Roslyn Hook & Ladder Company No.
 Historic Senior Hall on the Stephens College campus in Columbia Missouri dates back to 1841 when Oliver Parker bought the eight-acre tract of land on which the College was first located. In 1857 the Columbia Baptist Female College which later became Stephens College acquired the building. Until 1918 Historic Senior Hall was the only dormitory at the College.
 The Public Quarry at Government Island in Stafford County Virginia is the principal source of Aquia Creek sandstone a building stone used in many of the early government buildings in Washington D.C. including the U.S. Capitol and the White House.
 Burano Condominiums is a 48 storey 149 metre tall residential high-rise condominium complex on Bay Street between Grenville St. and Grosvenor St. in the Discovery District of Downtown Toronto Ontario Canada.Burano was designed by Peter Clewes of architectsAlliance and is located across the street from Murano another one of his Toronto projects which include SP!RE Casa Condominio Residenza and X the Condominium.
 Flatirons Community Church is a large non-denominational church in Lafayette Colorado a northern suburb of Denver Colorado USA.The church was launched in July 1994 as Boulder Creek Community Church with a name change to Coal Creek Community Church in December 1994 and another name change to Flatirons Community Church in 1997.
 The Trafford Centre is a large indoor shopping centre and leisure complex in Dumplington Greater Manchester England. Situated in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford the Centre is situated close to the Trafford Park industrial estate and lies approximately five miles west of Manchester city centre. The Trafford Centre is second largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail size.
 Kayak Island (59°56′03″N 144°22′06″W) which includes the Bering Expedition Landing Site is located in the Gulf of Alaska 100 km (62 mi) SE of Cordova Alaska Malaspina Coastal Plain on the eastern edge of Chugach National Forest. It has a land area of 73.695 km² (28.454 sq mi) and no population.It was named Kayak in 1826 by Lt. Sarichef of the Russian Navy because of the fancied resemblance of its outline to the Eskimo skin canoe.
 The West End Historic District in Waxahachie Texas is a 77-acre (31 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Capalaba Central is a regional shopping centre located 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of Brisbane in the suburb of Capalaba in Queensland Australia. With a lettable area of 36601 m2 the center is anchored by a number of major outlets including Woolworths Coles Big W and Birch Carroll and Coyle cinemas in addition to over 95 specialty stores including Homeart. Car parking is available for up to 1665 vehicles with approximately a third undercover.
 The Greater Saint Louis Air & Space Museum is a museum with the mission to preservation and display of historic air and space craft and artifacts and provide educational programs.
 Jacob Prickett Jr. Log House is a historic home located near Montana Marion County West Virginia. It was built in 1781 and is a two story rectangular log structure with a gable roof. It has a sandstone-walled cellar.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 The Cedarvale Botanic Garden and Restaurant are a botanical garden cabins and restaurant located off I-35 at Exit 51 (Turner Falls) near the Arbuckle Mountains and one mile from Turner Falls Park in Davis Oklahoma.The gardens contain 2500 tulips in the spring with thousands of annual and perennial flowers from April to November. The site also includes a tropical garden swinging bridge waterfalls arboretumand unusual geological formations as well as a restaurant specializing in trout.
 Leroy Theatre was a historic theater at 66 Broad Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The theatre was designed by architect John F. O'Malley and was built in 1922. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was demolished in 1996 and replaced by a Walgreens Drugstore.
 Broadmoor Hospital is a high-security psychiatric hospital at Crowthorne in the Borough of Bracknell Forest in Berkshire England. It is the best known of the three high-security psychiatric hospitals in England the other two being Ashworth and Rampton. Scotland has a similar institution at Carstairs officially known as the State Hospital but often called Carstairs Hospital which serves Scotland and Northern Ireland.
 Gløshaug Church (Norwegian: Gløshaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Grong in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Gartland. The church is part of the Harran parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The wooden stave church was constructed in 1689 and seats about 100 people.
 The St. Georg church or Gharib church is a historical church in Isfahan Iran. It's the oldest church in Julfa quarter after the Hakoup church which is located inside the St. Mary church. The interior of the St. Georg church is very plain and there is only one old painting in the apse but the church gains its importance from its annex structure. In the annex structure there are 13 pieces of stones.
 Louisiana State Bank Building is a building in New Orleans Louisiana. It has also been known as the Manheim Galleries building from a longtime tenant. It is located in the French Quarter at the downtown lake corner of Royal Street and Conti. It was the last structure designed by nationally prominent architect Benjamin H.
 St Mary's Church Whitegate is located in the village of Whitegate Cheshire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich. Its benefice is combined with that of St Peter Little Budworth. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Grand Boulevard Tower is an approved tower mainly residential to be built in Downtown Dubai in Dubai. It will have 69 floors and it was designed by Adrian Smith who also designed Burj Khalifa.
 The Gallagher Building is a historic building in Downtown Omaha Nebraska.
 Varntresk Church (Norwegian: Varntresk kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Varntresk. The church is part of the Hattfjelldal parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The church was built in 1986 to serve the northern part of Hattfjelldal. The church seats about 70 people.
 The Federal Reserve Bank Building is Boston's third tallest building. Located at Dewey Square on the convergence of Fort Point and the Financial District neighborhoods. In close proximity to the Boston Harbor the Fort Point Channel and major intermodal South Station terminal the building is marked by a distinctive opening near ground level which allows sea breezes to pass through. The building was completed in 1977 and is 614 feet (187 m) tall with 32 floors.
 St. Peter's Church Shorwell is a parish church in the Church of England located in Shorwell Isle of Wight.
 The Computer Museum was a Boston Massachusetts museum that opened in 1979 and operated in three different locations until 1999. It was once referred to as TCM and is sometimes called the Boston Computer Museum.
 Nokomis Knoll Residential Historic District is a neighborhood of houses near Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis Minnesota. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 and features a number of homes built in popular revival architecture styles of the 1920s 1930s and early 1940s. The styles include French and Italian Renaissance Tudor Revival Spanish Colonial Revival and Colonial Revival. There are also a few American Craftsman and bungalow style houses.
 Union Creek Historic District near the upper Rogue River in Union Creek Oregon is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places for rustic structures built by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) in the 1930s.
 The Deshon-Allyn House is located in New London Connecticut. The house was built in 1829 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28 1970.
 The World Finance Tower (Chinese: 世界金融大厦) is a 43 floor tower in the Pudong area of Shanghai and was completed in 2000. It was designed by architects Leigh & Orange.
 Lakeforest Mall also known as Lakeforest is an enclosed shopping center located in Gaithersburg Maryland. It is owned by Five Mile Capital Partners and managed by Urban Retail Properties. Its two levels house over 160 stores a food court and a large children's play area.
 Selfors Church (Norwegian: Selfors kirke) is a rented parish church (owned by the Catholic church) in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the village of Selfors. The church is part of the Nord-Rana parish in the Indre Helgeland deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The concrete wood and glass church was built in 1971 for the Catholic Church in Rana and has been leased by the Nord-Rana parish since 1976.
 Abbas Mirza Mosque (Armenian: Աբաս Միրզայի մզկիթ Abas Mirzayi mzkit Persian: مسجد عباس میرزا‎ Azerbaijani: Abbas Mirzə məscidi) was a nineteenth-century Shia mosque in Yerevan Armenia. Abbas Mirza the eighteenth century the castle was built by the mosque in Yerevan. This mosque was built at the beginning of the nineteenth century during the reign of the last khan of Erivan Khanate Huseyn Khan.
 The Sugar Hill Historic District is a historic district in Detroit Michigan. It is located along three streets: East Forest Garfield and East Canfield between Woodward Avenue on the west and John R. on the east. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
 The Bate Collection of Musical Instruments is a collection of historic musical instruments mainly for Western classical music from the medieval period onwards. It is housed in Oxford University's Faculty of Music near Christ Church on St. Aldate's.The collection is open to the public and is available for academic study by appointment. There are frequent gallery events and special exhibitions.
 Phelps Mill is a flour mill in Otter Tail County Minnesota United States on the Otter Tail River. The mill was built in 1888–1889 by William E. Thomas a local entrepreneur who owned a flour and feed business in Fergus Falls. During that time wheat was a high-demand crop and nearly one thousand flour mills were in operation throughout Minnesota.
 The Macquarie University Hospital (abbreviated MUH) is a private teaching hospital. Macquarie University Hospital together with ASAM Australian School of Advanced Medicine of Macquarie University will integrate the three essential components of an academic health science centre: clinical care education and research. The Hospital is located within Macquarie University and is the first private hospital to be located on a university campus in Australia.
 Jægerspris Castle (Danish: Jægerspris Slot) in Jægerspris on the Hornsherred peninsula west of Copenhagen is a Danish manor house. It has belonged to the Danish monarchs for most of its history which dates back to the 13th century. In the 1850s it became a retreat for King Frederik VII and his morganatic wife Countess Danner who sought refuge there to escape the controversy their marriage had caused among the establishment in Copenhagen.
 Batavia Veterans Administration Hospital is a historic hospital and national historic district located at Batavia in Genesee County New York. The district includes 15 contributing buildings 1 contributing site 1 contributing structure and 3 contributing objects. They were built or utilized during the period 1932 to 1950. The Veterans Administration opened the facility in 1934 as a regional veteran's hospital. It was later converted to a tuberculosis sanitarium.
 Cappahosic House also known as Baytop House and Cappahosic Ferry House is a historic home located near Gloucester Gloucester County Virginia. It was built about 1751 and is a two-story three bay brick dwelling in the Georgian style. It has a basement and is topped by a standing seam jerkinhead red tin roof. The main block is connected in the rear to a two-story modern addition. Also on the property are contributing archaeological deposits dating principally to the 18 and 19centuries.
 Bethesda Methodist Chapel Hanley is a redundant chapel on Albion Street in Hanley Staffordshire England. It has been designated as a Grade II* listed building since 1972 and is now in the ownership of the Historic Chapels Trust. The building has been known as the Cathedral of the Potteries and it was one of the largest and most ornate Methodist town chapels surviving in the UK.
 Punkt Ø AS is a Norwegian art institution founded in 2006 with Østfold county as largest shareholder. The institutions goal is to promote knowledge and understanding for Norwegian and international contemporary art. Punkt Ø runs Galleri F 15 and Momentum- Nordic Biennial for Contemporary Art.
 The Shangri-La Leisure Farm (Chinese: 香格里拉休閒農場; pinyin: Xiānggélǐlā Xiūxián Nóngchǎng) is a tourist attraction farm in Dongshan Township Yilan County Taiwan.
 Pearl Bank Apartments (Chinese: 珍珠苑; pinyin: Zhēnzhū yuàn) is a high-rise private residential building on Pearl's Hill in Outram near the Chinatown of Singapore.As the tallest and densest residential building in Singapore when completed in 1976 Pearl Bank Apartments was one of Singapore's pioneers of high-rise high-density living and influenced urban development in Singapore and other cities in southeast Asia.
 The Château de Calmont is a ruined 14th century castle in the commune of Calmont in the Haute-Garonne département of France.The property of the commune it has been listed since 1927 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
 The Prime Minister Secretariat is the official residence and principle workplace of the Prime Minister of Pakistan located in 44000 Constitution Avenue Islamabad Pakistan. Since 1973 it has been an official residence of the every Prime Minister of Pakistan.The secretariat was designed by the Capital Development Authority (CDA) slowly built along with Islamabad’s federal district including an imposing Supreme Court building a presidential office.
 Sacred Heart Church is a historic church at 343 South Broad Street in Trenton Mercer County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Angel Hotel Church Street Monmouth Monmouthshire south-east Wales is a Grade II listed building. The building was in use as an inn in 1700 and closed in 1985 the longest period of continuous history of any public house in Monmouth. The building is of two storeys with a roof of Welsh slate and a wooden Doric doorcase. During the late nineteenth century the hotel was the headquarters of the Monmouth Branch of the Cyclists Touring Club.
 Lane House is a historic home located at Mercersburg in Franklin County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1828 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick dwelling in the Federal-style. It was the birthplace of Harriet Lane (1830-1903) who served as hostess at the White House for her uncle James Buchanan from 1857 to 1861.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located in the Mercersburg Historic District.
 Chiba Museum of Science and Industry (千葉県立現代産業科学館 Chiba-kenritsu gendai sangyō kagaku-kan) is a science museum located in Ichihara Chiba Prefecture Japan. The museum introduces mainly topics related to technology for modern industry. The museum sets up its goal as to provide a place for experiencing various aspects of science and technology which is applied in industry to people at all ages.
 Hangzhou No.2 Telecom Hub is a 41-floor 248 metre (814 foot) tall skyscraper completed in 2003 located in Hangzhou China.
 The Church of St Mary and St David is a Church of England parish church at Kilpeck in the English county of Herefordshire about 5 miles from the border with Monmouthshire Wales. It is famous for its Norman carvings.
 The Anthony Lane House is a historic house at 250 Seven Bridge Road in Lancaster Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house is five bays wide and two deep with a front-facing gable roof.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Lauriston is a historic house in the Sydney suburb of Strathfield. The house is now located within the grounds of Santa Maria Del Monte the junior campus of Santa Sabina College and is situated on the corner of The Boulevarde and Margaret Street Strathfield. It is a heritage listed item on the Municipality of Strathfield's Local Environmental Plan.
 Brighton Evangelical Congregational Church is a historic church at 404-410 Washington Street in Brighton a neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts.The church was designed in 1922 by Blackall Clapp and Whittemore and C.S. Allen and Company and added to the National Historic Register in 1997.
 The Comstock Tract buildings of Syracuse University were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.Included in the registration are 15 buildings all located on the original Syracuse University campus a tract of land donated by George Comstock. The buildings include what has been known as the Old Row.
 The YMCA in East Liverpool Ohio was built in 1913 in Classical Revival style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It was one of many properties addressed in a study assessing historic resources in East Liverpool's central business district a study resulted in the NRHP listing of several historic districts and buildings (including also Masonic Temple (East Liverpool Ohio) Elks Club (East Liverpool Ohio) and Odd Fellows Temple (East Liverpool Ohio)).
 The Church of the Holy Cross is a National Historic Site of Canada located on one of the Indian Reserves of the Skatin First Nation in southwestern British Columbia. It is located on the east side of the Lillooet River on BC's first inland Gold Rush trail the Douglas Road.
 The Sawyer House also known as the Sawyer Homestead and in its previous incarnation as the Navarre House is a city-owned house located at 320 East Front Street in Monroe Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan Historic Site on June 19 1975.
 Anderson Downtown Historic District in Anderson South Carolina originally built in the late 19th century is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.The NRHP listing area was increased to include a hotel building at 402 N. Main Street in 1987. The increase included work by architect James J. Baldwin.
 The Renwick Gallery is a branch of the Smithsonian American Art Museum located in Washington D.C. and focuses on American craft and decorative arts from the 19th to the 21st century. It is housed in a National Historic Landmark building that was begun in 1859 on Pennsylvania Avenue and originally housed the Corcoran Gallery of Art (now one block from the White House and across the street from the Old Executive Office Building).
 Union Square is a shopping centre located in the centre of Aberdeen Scotland which opened to the public on Thursday 29 October 2009. The centre contains a covered shopping mall and retail park.
 The Princeton Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the 19th century center of Princeton Massachusetts. The district is centered at the junction of Hubbardston and Mountain Roads and includes the town common town hall public library and First Congregational Church.
 Grace Methodist Episcopal Church now Grace United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 4105 Junius Street in Dallas Texas.It was built in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Mason House also known as the Hinman-Mason House is a historic home located at Guilford Accomack County Virginia. It was built about 1722 and is a 1 1/2-story three-bay Colonial-era brick dwelling in a transitional Jacobean / Georgian style. It has a center passage plan interior. A frame wing was added in the late-19th century. It has a gable roof with dormers. The exterior features notable brickwork.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Broadway–Chambers Building located at 277 Broadway on the northwest corner of Chambers Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan New York City was constructed from 1899 to 1900 and was architect Cass Gilbert's first design in the city.
 The Transfiguration Cathedral (Romanian: Catedrala Schimbarea la Faţă Hungarian: Kolozsvári minorita templom) also known as the Minorites' Church (Biserica Minoriţilor) was donated in 1924 by the Holy See to the Romanian Greek-Catholic Church to serve as the Cathedral of the Cluj-Gherla Eparchy after the move of the Eparchy's center from Gherla to Cluj.
 Brockton Edison Electric Illuminating Company Power Station or Brockton Edison Company - Old Power Station is an historic power plant at 70 School Street in Brockton Massachusetts. It was one of the earliest power plants built by Thomas Edison.The plant opened on October 1 1883.
 Ketchin Building also known as the Fairfield County Historical Museum is a historic building located at Winnsboro Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1830 and is a three-story five bay Federal style brick building with a hipped roof. Originally built as a dwelling it was sold in 1852 and was used as a school for girls until closed by the American Civil War.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy is a Traditionalist Catholic church and children's school in Nicholville New York operated by the Society of Saint Pius X (SSPX).The parish community got started in 1986 with SSPX's Father Goettler saying Mass in Lawrence Town Hall. Education of children by the parish also began immediately. Once the parish grew to about 50 people a temporary chapel was established in 1989.
 The L & N Railroad Depot in the Hopkinsville Commercial Historic District of Hopkinsville Kentucky is a historic railroad station on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built by the Louisville & Nashville Railroad in 1892.The year 1832 saw the first of many attempts to woo a railroad to Hopkinsville. This first attempt was to connect Hopkinsville to Eddyville Kentucky.
 Rorick House Museum also known as Malcolm A. Moody House in The Dalles Oregon is a museum and building. The building was originally built in 1850 as a two-room private home for a non-commissioned officer from Fort Dalles this is the oldest remaining house in The Dalles. It was subsequently occupied by U.S. Representative Malcolm A. Moody and has ultimately become a museum.
 The Niles Masonic Temple is a historic building in Niles Ohio. It was constructed in 1923 as a meeting hall for a local Masonic lodge and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. In 2009 the Masons moved to new premises and today the building houses the Genesis Christian Community Center.
 The Hotel Chelsea — also called the Chelsea Hotel or simply the Chelsea — is a historic New York City hotel and landmark built between 1883 and 1885 known primarily for the notability of its residents over the years.
 Patriot Tower (formerly One Dallas Centre) is a modernist skyscraper located in the City Center District of downtown Dallas Texas (USA) completed in 1979. The building has 30 floors and rises 448 feet (137 meters). One Dallas Center is currently tied with the Adam's Mark Hotel North Tower as the 25th-tallest building in the city. The building was originally planned as part of a three-building complex designed by I.M. Pei & Partners but only one tower was constructed.
 The Jasper County Courthouse in Rensselaer Indiana is a building from 1898. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Burd Patterson House is a historic home located at Pottsville Schuylkill County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830 and is a 2 1/2-story brick mansion in the Federal style. A rear addition was built about 1835 connecting the main house to a formerly separate summer kitchen. The main house measures 27 feet by 40 feet. It features a Queen Anne style porch added before 1900.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 Washington Plaza is a 300 ft (91m) highrise in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1964 and has 24 floors. It is tied with the Commonwealth Building and The Carlyle for the 26th tallest building in Pittsburgh
 The Masonic Center (also known as the Masonic Temple) is a Renaissance style building in Grand Forks North Dakota. It was designed by architect Joseph Bell DeRemer and was constructed by the Dinnie Brothers in 1913. It replaced the first Masonic Temple in Grand Forks which had burned and which was later reconstructed as the Stratford Building.This building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Pasaquan is a 7-acre (28000 m2) compound near Buena Vista Georgia. It was created by an eccentric folk artist named Eddie Owens Martin (1908-1986) who called himself St. EOM. An internationally renowned art site it consists of six major structures including a redesigned 1885 farmhouse painted concrete sculptures and 4 acres (16000 m2) of painted masonry concrete walls.
 Boston Common and Public Garden is the name given to the combination of Boston Common and the Boston Public Garden when they were listed as a single entry on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. In 1987 the two were listed on the Register separately and each was also designated as a National Historic Landmark.
 Hawkins House later known as Sierra Nevada Museum of Art is a historic home in Reno Nevada. It was designed in a colonial revival style by Elmer Grey for Prince A. Hawkins a scion of the well-established Hawkins family in 1911. It is now the offices of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA).It is adjacent to the Francis G. Newlands House a National Historic Landmark.
 The Strawbridge and Clothier Store is a historic department store building located at Jenkintown Montgomery County Pennsylvania. It was built by Strawbridge & Clothier in 1930-1931 and renovated and expanded in 1954. The original section is a four-story steel frame structure faced in limestone and on a granite base in the Art Deco style. It has a flat slag roof with parapet.
 The Cedarmere-Clayton Estates are located in Roslyn Harbor New York United States listed jointly on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. Cedarmere the smaller of the two is William Cullen Bryant's estate located on the west side of Bryant Avenue overlooking Hempstead Harbor now a historic house museum. The grounds are open to the public. The house is currently undergoing interior renovation.
 Tavern on the Green is an American cuisine restaurant located in Central Park on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in New York City. It originally operated from 1934 to 2009 under various owners. From 2010 until 2012 the building was used as a public visitors center and gift shop run by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
 Christ Hospital was founded in 1872 in Jersey City New Jersey and was originally associated with the Episcopal Diocese of Newark.In 2011 it was announced that the hospital would be sold to Prime Healthcare Services. The proposed sale was the focus of significant community concern generated competing offers and Prime Healthcare's original offer was withdrawn on February 1 2012.
 St. Paul's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic congregation in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located in the Corktown neighbourhood just east of downtown near the intersection of Queen and Parliament streets at 83 Power Street.The parish was established in 1822 by James Baby when the York region was part of the Diocese of Kingston and was the only Roman Catholic parish between Kingston and Windsor. The original structure was constructed of red brick on the same site.
 The Jireh Chapel is a Strict Baptist place of worship in the town of Haywards Heath in the English county of West Sussex. The chapel was built in 1879.Sussex has many 19th-century Independent and Baptist chapels in this Vernacular style: a tiled gabled roof porch and red-brick walls with round-arched windows. This example was built in 1879 by William Knight a horticulturist who was also the chapel's first pastor. It is a Gospel Standard movement chapel.
 The Old Headquarters at Walnut Canyon National Monument was built in 1904 served as the park's first headquarters when it was established in 1915. The log cabin is one of the oldest remaining log cabins in northern Arizona. It served as the living quarters for the park's early custodians. The cabin measures 45 ft (14 m) by 15 ft (4.6 m) overall including an addition at the east end. The roof overhang of the addition has been cut back to allow an alligator cypress to grow close to the building.
 Victoria Park Market is a craft souvenir and clothing market and retail complex in Auckland New Zealand. It is housed in a former waste depot and incinerator complex. The Market is located in Freemans Bay and takes its name from nearby Victoria Park.
 Birchley Hall is a grade II* listed Elizabethan house built in about 1594 in Billinge Merseyside England. It is situated in postcode WN5 7QL.Birchley Hall was bought by Christopher Anderton of Lostock in about 1581. The present building was built by one son James and extended by another son Thurston in 1594. There is an inscription stone carved with 'TA 1594' on the front of the house TA being attributed to Thurston.
 The Church of Saint Vincent Pallotti (Croatian: Crkva svetog Vinka Pallottija) is a Roman Catholic church in Vinkovci Croatia.
 The Palmer Park Apartment Building Historic District is a historic district located in Detroit Michigan. It is roughly bounded by Pontchartrain Boulevard on the west McNichols Road on the south and Covington Drive on the northeast. A boundary increase pushed the eastern boundary to Woodward Avenue.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic Episcopalchurch located at 204 State Road 26 in the Alachua County portion of Melrose Florida in the United States. It is a contributing property in the Melrose Historic District.
 The Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 26 Quincy Avenue in Quincy Massachusetts.It was built in 1938 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Ranem Church (Norwegian: Ranem kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Ranemsletta. The church is part of the Ranem parish in the Namdal deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The white stone church was originally constructed in 1187. It seats about 200 people.
 108 North State Street is a site currently under development as an urban center located in the Loop community area of downtown Chicago Illinois United States. The 3 building structure was being developed by Joseph Freed and Associates LLC as a project inherited from the Mills Corporation. However in 2011 Bank of America foreclosed on the property and sold it in 2012 to CIM Group. Retail development responsibilities were undertaken by Joseph Freed and Associates LLC.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County New York. It was built in 1835 in the Federal style with Gothic elements built of red Potsdam Sandstone. It was greatly enlarged and transformed into High Victorian Gothic style later in the 19th century with less significant alterations continuing into the 20th century.
 St. Mary's of Michigan Medical Center is a hospital in Saginaw Michigan United States. St. Mary's is a subsidiary of Ascension Health and is a teaching affiliate of the Michigan State University College of Human Medicine. The American College of Surgeons verified the emergency department as a level II trauma center.
 The Newman Brothers Coffin Furniture Factory is a disused factory building located Fleet Street in the Jewellery Quarter conservation area Birmingham England. The building which is Grade II* listed was constructed between 1892 and 1894 to a design by Roger Harley for the firm. The Newman Brothers manufactured coffin furniture at the factory and remained there until 1999.
 Tarvaspää or the Gallen-Kallela Museum located in Espoo Finland and built between 1911 and 1913 was a home and studio for Finnish painter Akseli Gallen-Kallela. Tarvaspää has been a museum since 1961.
 The John Henry Carothers House also known as Ezeal Carothers House is a property in Franklin Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.When listed the property included four contributing buildings two contributing structures and two non-contributing buildings.The listing is for an area of 26 acres (11 ha).The property was covered in a 1988 study of Williamson County historical resources.
 The Sprunk Site (32CS04478) is a Native American archeological site that was formerly the site of a village or hamlet near Enderlin North Dakota. The village was located on a steep bluff overlooking the Maple River floodplain with the remaining borders protected by encircling ditches. Two earthen burial mounds have been discovered at the site. The site was the subject of a 1982 preliminary report by Michael Michlovic and later study by Kelsey M. Lowe and Aaron S. Fogel.
 The Villa Müller (Czech: Müllerova vila German: Haus Müller) is an architectural structure designed in 1930 by architect Adolf Loos born in Brno Austria-Hungary (later Czechoslovalia). The villa is located in Prague Czech Republic. The house was designed originally for Mr. František Müller and his wife Milada Müllerová.
 Integrity Title Insurance Trust and Safe Deposit Company is a historic bank building located in the Northern Liberties neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was built in 1902 and an addition was built in 1912. The two-story building is in a German baroque style and has a limestone base with Pompeiian brick and flat stone arches.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Roger Williams Park in the southern part of the city of Providence Rhode Island is an elaborately landscaped 427-acre (173 ha) city park and is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The park is named after the founder of the city of Providence and one of the founders of the state of Rhode Island Roger Williams.
 The Guaranty Building now called the Prudential Building is an early skyscraper in Buffalo New York. It was completed in 1896 and was designed by Louis Sullivan and Dankmar Adler.Sullivan's design for the building was based on his belief that form follows function. He and Adler divided the building into four zones. The basement was the mechanical and utility area. Since this level was below ground it did not show on the face of the building.
 The Millennium Tower is the second tallest building and fourth tallest structure in Austria at 171 metres (561 feet). The tower is located at Handelskai 94-96 in the Brigittenau 20th district in Vienna Austria. An antenna mounted on top of the tower brings the architectural height to 202 metres (663 feet) but does not count to its overall height.
 The Temple of Garni (Armenian: Գառնիի հեթանոսական տաճար) is a first century Hellenic temple near Garni Armenia. It is the only pagan temple in Armenia (and also in the entire former Soviet Union) that survived the Christianization of the country in 301 AD.
 The Pacific Coast Air Museum in Santa Rosa California is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and preserving aviation history through the acquisition restoration and display of historic aircraft. The museum displays a varied collection of over 30 American military propeller and jet aircraft.
 The Confederate Monument in Glasgow Kentucky built in 1905 by the Kentucky Women's Monumental Association and former Confederate soldier John A. Murray commemorates those who gave their lives in service for the Confederate States of America. It is located on the side of Glasgow's courthouse. The Confederate soldier made of bronze is at parade rest and features details such as a bedroll canteen kepi hat and rifle. It stands on a limestone pedestal.Glasgow saw much action in 1862.
 Christchurch Hospital is the largest tertiary hospital in the South Island of New Zealand. The public hospital is in the centre of Christchurch city on the edge of Hagley Park and serves the wider Canterbury Region. It has the busiest emergency department in Australasia and is one of four main teaching hospitals in New Zealand.
 For the novel see Bungay Castle (novel)Bungay Castle is in the town of Bungay Suffolk by the River Waveney.
 Telus Sky is a proposed mixed use development located between 1st & Centre Streets and 6th & 7th Avenues SW in Calgary Alberta Canada. The development consisting of 750 000 square feet includes what will be the third tallest building in western Canada at 59 storeys and 222.3 meters tall. The tower will include 28 floors of office space the remaining 31 floors being rental apartments along with a rooftop garden and amenities centre as the 60th level.
 Regent-Rennoc Court is a historic apartment complex located in the Southwest Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. The complex consists of nine buildings built in 1910 in the Renaissance Revival-style. They are large six-unit buildings arranged in groups of three on either side of Regent Street. They are three-story buildings constructed of brick and sit on Wissahickon schist foundations.
 The Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist is an historic Roman Catholic church building located in Cleveland Ohio. Completed and consecrated in 1852 it is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland.Large numbers of Catholics started to arrive in the Western Reserve region of Ohio in the 1830s and were served by visiting priests sent north by the Archdiocese of Cincinnati. A small group of Irish settlers established St. Mary's of the Flats in 1826.
 St. Vincent Archabbey Gristmill also known as The Gristmill is a historic grist mill located in Unity Township Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. The original section was built in 1854 and is a four-story frame structure measuring 45 feet by 40 feet. A 45 feet by 45 feet addition was built in 1883. The mill operated by steam and remains in use.
 First Baptist Church is a historic church at located 200-228 N. Main Street in Fall River Massachusetts. The church was built in 1850 and was a work of local architect Josiah Brown. It is built of wood with brick trim in the Gothic Revival style. The tower originally contained a tall spire and corner finials that were destroyed during Hurricane Carol in 1954. In 1871 extensive repairs were made and the Meeting House was enlarged.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Joseph Spaulding House is an historic house at 30 Fruit Street in Pawtucket Rhode Island.The house was built in 1828 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
 Oswego City Library is a historic library building located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It was built about 1855 and is a two story brick structure over a full basement. It features a distinctive catellated style with exterior battlements machicolations tower turrets corbels and arcaded windows. It was a gift from Gerrit Smith who gave $25000 for the building construction and $5000 for books.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 70 Pine Street – formerly known as the American International Building 60 Wall Tower and originally as the Cities Service Building – is a 66-story 952-foot (290 m) office building located at the corner of Pearl Street and running to Cedar Street in the Financial District of Manhattan New York City.
 The Balıklı Greek Hospital (Turkish: Balıklı Rum Hastanesi) is a health care institution at Balıklı neighborhood of Yedikule quarter in Zeytinburnu district of Istanbul which was established in the 18th century and continues its service run by the Greek community of Turkey.
 Château de Rochemorin is Bordeaux wine producer from the Pessac-Léognan appellation of Bordeaux. The château is located in the commune of Martillac. Château de Rochemorin is owned by André Lurton since 1973.
 Hammam al-Nahhasin (Arabic: حمام النحاسين‎) is one of the oldest and largest public baths (hammam) in Aleppo Syria. It is located in Al-Madina Souq of the Ancient City of Aleppo to the south of the Great Umayyad Mosque near Khan al-Nahhasin. It was originally built in the 12th century and renovated several times during the Mamluk and Ottoman periods. However most of the current building of the hammam belongs to the Ottoman period.
 One Prudential Plaza (formerly known as the Prudential Building) is a 41-story structure in Chicago completed in 1955 as the headquarters for Prudential's Mid-America company. At the time the skyscraper was significant as the first new downtown skyscraper built in Chicago in 21 years (the last such building was the Field Building now headquarters of LaSalle Bank completed in 1934).
 Lipe Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. The house was built about 1872 and consists of three principal sections: a 2-story front-gabled wing a 1 1⁄2-story side gable and a long 1-story rear addition. Also on the property are a cow barn wagon house garage tractor shed granary hen house silo and stone wall.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 The Church of the Incarnation is a parish of the Diocese of Dallas of the Episcopal Church located at 3966 McKinney Avenue in Dallas Texas.The church was founded in 1879 by Bishop Alexander Garrett as the Cathedral Chapel of the Incarnation. It was originally built on the corner of McKinney and Harwood to a considerable degree north of Dallas’s business and residential community. In 1897 the mission church became a full-fledged parish of the Diocese of Dallas.
 Bishop's House is a historic building in downtown Portland Oregon. It is in the city's Yamhill Historic District.When the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese was moved to Portland from Oregon City Archbishop William Hickley Gross constructed the Bishop's House as his official residence.[citation needed] Originally the building contained a church library the Archbishop's living quarters and an insurance agent's office.
 Wisma Bapa Malaysia also known as Bangunan Tunku Abdul Rahman is the Sarawak state secretariat building housing various government departments including the chief minister office. It is located in Petra Jaya Kuching. Wisma Bapa Malaysia was designed to be similar to the Malaysian Houses of Parliament in Kuala Lumpur in many aspects.
 St Mary Aldermary is an Anglican church in Bow Lane in the City of London. Of medieval origin it was rebuilt from 1510. Badly damaged in the Great Fire of London in 1666 it was rebuilt once more this time by Sir Christopher Wren unlike the vast majority of his City churches in a Gothic style.
 The Wilson–Chambers Mortuary located in north Portland Oregon is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Lamar Boulevard Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Texas State Highway Loop 343 (Lamar Boulevard) over Lady Bird Lake in downtown Austin Texas United States. The bridge features six open spandrel concrete arches and carries thousands of vehicles daily across the river. Completed in 1942 the Lamar Boulevard Bridge was the second permanent bridge to cross the Colorado River after the Congress Avenue Bridge.
 Church of Christ in Guy Arkansas is a church that was built in 1936. The congregation is associated with the Churches of Christ. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.It currently maintains a YouTube page of sermons and classes. www.youtube.com/guyarchurch
 Robert Barnwell Rhett House was the home of Robert Barnwell Rhett an extreme secessionist politician located in Charleston South Carolina. He opposed John C. Calhoun to lead the Bluffton Movement for separate state action on the Tariff of 1842. Rhett was one of the leading fire-eaters at the Nashville Convention of 1850 which failed to endorse his aim of secession.The house was likely built by James Legare in a proper classical manner.
 Lebanon Valley Mall is a shopping mall located on the south side of U.S. Route 422 just west of Lebanon Pennsylvania. The site started with a Boscov's Department Store in August 1972 and the mall was completed in 1975. Work on the next major expansion began in 1996 and JC Penney became a new anchor but has since closed. A ten-screen Great Escape Theatres location opened at the mall on July 13 2006. Hobby Lobby also anchors the mall in the former JC Penney location.
 Carver Hall is an academic building completed in 1969 at Iowa State University in Ames Iowa to accommodate rapid increases in enrollment. It is named for George Washington Carver who earned his bachelor's degree from Iowa State University in 1894 and his master's in 1896 and served on the Iowa State faculty. George Washington Carver is best known as the inventor of peanut butter.
 Torre de las Telecomunicaciones (Telecommunications Tower) or Torre Antel (Antel Tower) is a 157 meter tall building with 35 floors in Montevideo Uruguay. It is the headquarters of Uruguay's government-owned telecommunications company ANTEL and is the tallest building in the country. It was designed by architect Carlos Ott. It is situated by the side of Montevideo's bay. The tower was completed by American Bridge and other design/built consortium team members in 2002.
 Hixville Village Historic District is a historic district at the junction of Old Fall River Road and North Hixville Road in Dartmouth Massachusetts.The district was founded in 1785 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Maplewood Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Maplewood Minnesota. It is located two blocks off Interstate 694 on the Saint Paul side of the Twin Cities. Maplewood Mall opened in 1974. It was later renovated and expanded in 1996 and is thought to be in the top six malls in the metropolitan area in terms of visitors. It is managed by Simon Property Group out of Indianapolis Indiana.
 The Exchange Bank is located in the Adams County village of Golden Illinois in the United States. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is one of two Registered Historic Places in Golden the other is the Ebenezer Methodist Episcopal Chapel and Cemetery. The Bank was added to the Register in 1984.
 Litchfield Towers commonly referred to on campus as Towers is a complex of dormitories at the University of Pittsburgh's main campus in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania.
 The Canadian Museum for Human Rights (CMHR) is a national museum under construction in Winnipeg Manitoba. It is located at The Forks where the Assiniboine and Red River meet. The purpose of the museum is to increase understanding and awareness of human rights promote respect for others and encourage reflection dialogue and action.
 The Smith House is a historic late First Period house at 142 Argilla Road in Ipswich Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story colonial style house with five window bays and a center chimney. Its construction is estimated to have been in 1725. It features an integral leanto section at its rear (rather than being a later addition).
 The Wild Basin House was built in the southeastern corner of Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado USA in 1931. The log residence was built to plans provided by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs at a cost of $2500 in the National Park Service rustic style. The one-story house measures 23 feet (7.0 m) by 31 feet (9.4 m) resting on a fieldstone foundation with a shallow-pitched wood shingle roof.
 The Church of St John the Divine Frankby is in Frankby Road Frankby Wirral Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wirral North the archdeaconry of Chester and the diocese of Chester. Its benefice is united with that of St Nicholas Greasby. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Walla Theater on Central Ave. in Walhalla North Dakota was built in 1949.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
 The Standard Oil Service Station (also known as the Daniel's Standard Oil Service Station) is a historic site in Plant City Florida United States. It is located at 1111 North Wheeler Street. On September 6 1996 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The station currently houses a pet store and grooming business.
 Taha Hussein Museum is a historic house museum and biographical museum in Cairo Egypt.It is about the life teaching and residence of Taha Hussein (November 14 1889—October 28 1973) (Arabic: طه حسين‎ Egyptian Arabic: [ˈtˤɑːhɑ ħ(e)ˈseːn] Arabic: [tˤaːha ħusajn]) (nicknamed Dean of Arabic Literature). He was one of the most influential 20th century Egyptian writers and intellectuals and a figurehead for the Al-Nahda—Arab Renaissance and the modernist movement in the Arab World.
 The Oliver A. Wickes House is an historic house at 794 Major Potter Road in Warwick Rhode Island.The house was built in 1855 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
 Polo Independent Order of Odd Fellows Lodge No. 197 is a historic Independent Order of Odd Fellows building located at 117 W. Mason St. in Polo Illinois. The lodge was built in 1901-02 for Polo's chapter of the Odd Fellows which was establised in 1856; it was the fifth meeting place used by the chapter. Architects Charles Wyman Bradley and Frank A. Carpenter designed the building in the Classical Revival style.
 Baranagar Math (Baranagar Monastery) or Ramakrishna Math Baranagar was the first monastery of Ramakrishna Order. In September 1886 after the death of Ramakrishna when his devotees stopped funding Swami Vivekananda (then known as Narendranath Datta) and other disciples of Ramakrishna decided to make a dilapidated house at Baranagar their new math. The house crumbled to dust in 1897. In 1973 Vivekananda Math Samrakshan Samity was formed who attempted to preserve the area.
 Mater Women's and Children's Hospital in Hyde Park Townsville Queensland was established in 2007 when the Sisters of Mercy (Mater Health Services North Queensland) bought the competing private obstetric hospital the Wesley/Park Haven Hospital.
 Mountain Farms Mall is a one-story shopping mall in Hadley Massachusetts United States with approximately 12 stores. It is located on Route 9 at 335 Russell Street in Hadley Massachusetts between Amherst and Northampton approximately five miles east of Exit 19 off I-91. The mall is owned by S.R. Weiner and WS Development.
 Fairfax Community Church (Fairfax.cc) is an evangelical congregation located in Fairfax County Virginia. The church is affiliated with the Church of God Anderson Indiana. By membership the church is classified as a megachurch with an average weekly attendance in 2012 of 2158. The church has a small group ministry model like that of the North Point Community Church. It served as a satellite site for the 2007-2010 Willow Creek Association Global Leadership Summit.
 Amersham Museum is a small local museum based in Amersham Buckinghamshire England. It is located on the High Street in Old Amersham.The museum is located in a 15th-century half-timbered house with a herb garden to the rear and covers local history. It has collections of fossils and archaeological finds including objects from Roman and mediaeval times and displays on local crafts including chairmaking lace making and straw plait. It originally opened to the public in 1991.
 Rogues' Harbor Inn also known as the Elm Grove Inn and Central Exchange Hotel is a historic inn and tavern located at Lansing in Tompkins County New York. It was built between 1830 and 1842 by Major General Daniel D. Minier and is a three story brick building in the Greek Revival style. It is a 40 feet deep by 80 feet wide rectangular building on a stucco coated fieldstone foundation with a gable roof. It features a full width porch with a roof supported by turned posts.
 Kazan Cathedral Russian: Казанский собор also known as the Cathedral of Our Lady of Kazan is a Russian Orthodox church located on the northeast corner of Red Square in Moscow Russia. The current building is a reconstruction of the original church which was destroyed at the direction of then General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union Joseph Stalin in 1936.
 Raj Bhavan is the official residence of the Governor of West Bengal located in the state' capital city Kolkata. Built in 1803 it was known as the Government House in the pre-independence days.Later after the transfer of power from the East India Company to the British Crown in 1858 it became the official residence of the Viceroy of India shifting here from the Belvedere Estate. With the shifting of capital to Delhi in 1911 it became the official residence of Lieutenant Governor of Bengal.
 Northside Tower is a nine-story mid-rise office building located at 6065 Roswell Road in downtown Sandy Springs Georgia a northern suburb of Atlanta. The building offers 121520 square feet (11290 m2) of office space as well as street-level commercial vendors including a restaurant. Construction of the building was completed in 1971 and the architectural design is in the form of early-seventies modern. The building is technically considered part of the Perimeter Center office sub-market.
 This article is about Jameh Mosque of Zanjan; for similar uses see Jameh Mosque (disambiguation).The Jāmeh Mosque of Zanjān (Persian: مسجد جامع زنجان‎ – Masjid-e-Jāmeh Zanjān) also known as Seyyed Mosque (Persian: مسجد سید ‎ Masjid-e-Seyyed) and Sultani Mosque is the grand congregational mosque (Jāmeh) of Zanjān city Iran. The mosque is situated in the old part of the city and was constructed in 1826 during the Qajar era.
 The Museum of Contemporary Art in Kraków short MOCAK (Polish: Muzeum Sztuki Współczesnej w Krakowie) is a contemporary art gallery in Kracow Poland. Situated in the centre of the city the main aim of the gallery is to present and support contemporary art and artists.
 The Arthur M. Sackler Gallery joins the Freer Gallery of Art to form the Smithsonian Institution's national museums of Asian art. The Sackler houses the largest Asian art research library in the United States and is located on the south side of the National Mall in Washington D.C. adjacent to the physically connected Freer Gallery of Art. Founded in 1982 the Gallery is named after Arthur M. Sackler who donated approximately 1000 objects and $4 million towards the building of the museum.
 The China World Trade Center (simplified Chinese: 中国国际贸易中心; traditional Chinese: 中國國際貿易中心; pinyin: Zhōngguó guójì màoyì zhōngxīn) is located in Chaoyang District the central business district of Beijing China.The construction of the complex started in 1985 and was completed in 2010 after the completion of the China World Trade Center Tower 3.
 The US Post Office-Norwich Main is located in Norwich Connecticut. The building was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 17 1986.
 The Temple Downtown (historically known as the Scottish Rite Temple) is a historic former masonic building in Mobile Alabama United States. It was built to serve as the meeting place for the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. The building was designed by George Bigelow Rogers a local Mobile architect who was responsible for designing many of the city's buildings during this period. The cornerstone was laid on November 30 1921 with the building completed in 1922.
 Thomas Sutton House also known as the House on Game Preserve is a historic home located at Woodland Beach Kent County Delaware. It was built about 1733 and is a two-story stuccoed brick house constructed on a single pile hall and parlor plan. It has a lower two-story wing that extends the axis of the main house. It serves as a residence and office for the personnel of the Woodland Beach Wildlife Area.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 The World War II Facilities at Midway were built as part of the fortification leading up to World War II. The Midway Atoll's unique location halfway between the United States and Japan ensured it would hold a strategic position. This island was the site of the pivotal Battle of Midway which shifted the balance of sea power in the Pacific towards the United States.The atoll's two main islands Eastern Island and Sand Island were both fortified by the Navy.
 Appler-Englar House is a historic home located at New Windsor Carroll County Maryland. It is a two-story five-by-two-bay brick dwelling constructed about 1790 in the Georgian style.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 AT&T 220 Building is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana. It was completed in 1974 and has 23 floors. It is primarily used for office space. It is connected with the AT&T Building which is located just to the north and both buildings house the Indiana headquarters for AT&T.
 The Cathedral of Saint George (Armenian: Սուրբ Գևորգ եկեղեցի or Surb Gevork; Georgian: სურფგევორქი) is a 13th-century Armenian church in Old Tbilisi Georgia and is the seat of the Armenian archbishop. It is dedicated to Saint George (Surp Gevork in Armenian).
 St. Basil Catholic Church is a Catholic Church parish of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Serving the archdiocese's Our Lady of the Angels Pastoral Region the Roman Rite parish is located at 3611 Wilshire Boulevard in the Wilshire district of Los Angeles California. The parish church building was built from 1967-1969 and dedicated in 1969.
 The Carnegie Library in Anaheim California is a Carnegie Library building built in 1908. The Classical Revival style building was designed by John C. Austin and opened in 1909. It was a public library until 1963. It is now one of the buildings of the MUZEO a museum of local culture history and art.The Anaheim Carnegie Library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Reid Hall (1948–2006) was a dormitory at Miami University in Oxford Ohio that housed about 140 students. However it was not just a place where students lived. After a shooting occurred in 1959 the building became known as one of the most haunted buildings on campus. It was torn down in order to make room for the Farmer School of Business but has been recreated within a set of buildings called Heritage Commons.
 The U.S. Post Office-Springville Main at 309 S. Main in Springville Utah was built in 1941. It was built in Colonial Revival style and credited to supervising architect Louis A. Simon. It has also been known as Springville Main Post Office. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The Grand Hotel Bellevue was a hotel on the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin Germany. It was designed by architect Ludwig Heim and opened in 1888. Initially it was called the Hôtel du Parc later it was also known as the Thiergarten-Hotel. The hotel was demolished in 1928 and Erich Mendelsohn's modern Columbushaus skyscraper was constructed on the site opening in 1932.
 Capita International Times Square is an under construction shopping mall in Dhaka Bangladesh Construction of the shopping mall started in 2012. At the end of its construction this shopping mall will be the 3rd largest shopping mall in Bangladesh with a total area of 5.6 million sq ft and office area of 1.5 million sq ft.
 Central Vermont Railroad Pier is a historic pier on State Pier Road in New London Connecticut.It was built in 1876 by the Central Vermont Railway and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 Celtic Manor Resort is a golf spa and leisure hotel and resort in Newport south Wales. It consists of two adjoining hotels a country inn luxury lodges two spas 6 restaurants three championship golf courses two golf and country clubs high ropes courses adventure golf laser tag archery and a multi-purpose conference centre. It was the venue for the 2010 Ryder Cup the first to be held in Wales and will host the 2014 NATO summit.
 Paul B. Hall Regional Medical Center is a 72 bed medical facility in Paintsville Kentucky. The hospital serves nearly 45000 people from five counties.
 Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church at 895 Oak Street in Batesville Arkansas.It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Saint James United Church (Église Unie Saint-James in French) is a heritage church in downtown Montreal Quebec. It is a Protestant church affiliated with the United Church of Canada. It is located at 463 Saint Catherine Street West between Saint Alexandre and City Councillors Streets (McGill Metro station) in the borough of Ville-Marie. It was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1996.The Gothic Revival church was designed by Montreal architect Alexander Francis Dunlop.
 Vision City also known as Bandar Wawasan in the Malay language is a partially completed and abandoned integrated development project located along Jalan Sultan Ismail close to Kampung Baru Kuala Lumpur.
 The University of Illinois Experimental Dairy Farm Historic District also known as South Farm is a designated historic district in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is located on the campus of the University of Illinois in Urbana Illinois. The district consists of eight contributing structures and several non-contributing structures.
 Stangate House and Garden is a historic house in Aldgate South Australia.
 Cave Hill Cemetery is a 296-acre (1.20 km2) Victorian era National Cemetery and arboretum located at 701 Baxter Avenue Louisville Kentucky United States. It is open daily to the public from 8:00 AM to 4:45 PM (weather permitting). Its main entrance is on Baxter Avenue and there is a secondary one on Grinstead Drive. Both former Louisville mayors for whom these streets are named (James F. Grinstead and John G. Baxter) are buried in Cave Hill Cemetery.
 Needham Town Hall Historic District is a historic district on Great Plain Avenue between Highland Avenue and Chapel Street in Needham Massachusetts.The district was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Royal Edward Arms is a social housing apartment building built in 1928 in the historic downtown of Fort William part of the city of Thunder Bay Ontario Canada. It rises 8 storeys above the intersection of South May and George Streets.Originally built in the late 1920s as a hotel it was highly successful until the 1970s. It sat vacant until 1985 when it was renovated into a 64-unit low-income housing facility. Today it is owned by the City of Thunder Bay.
 St John's Church Birkdale is in St John's Road Birkdale Southport Merseyside England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of North Meols the archdeaconry of Warrington and the diocese of Liverpool. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 Tabernacle Methodist Protestant Church and Cemetery is a historic Methodist church building and cemetery at 5601 Liberty Road in Greensboro North Carolina.The Gothic Revival church building was constructed in 1822 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
 The Saint Andrew's Church (Ukrainian: Андріївська церква Andriyvs'ka cherkva; Russian: Андреевская церковь Andriyvskiy cherkov) is a major Baroque church located in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. The church was constructed in 1747–1754 to a design by the Italian architect Bartolomeo Rastrelli.
 Owego Central Historic District is a historic district in Owego in Tioga County New York. It encompasses 83 contributing buildings 1 contributing site and 1 contributing structure. The district is primarily commercial with some notable civic and institutional buildings.
 The Wamesit Canal-Whipple Mill Industrial Complex is a historic mill and canal at 576 Lawrence Street in Lowell Massachusetts. This industrial area of Lowell located on the Concord River underwent a major expansion from a more modest millworks in the mid-19th century by Oliver Whipple a manufacturer of gunpowder. Whipple undertook the construction of a canal along that river to provide power for a number of mills he erected in the area consulting with engineer Loammi Baldwin Jr.
 Château de Chaban is a château in Dordogne Aquitaine France.
 Hotel Metropol Palace formerly known as Hotel Metropol is one of Belgrade's architectural monuments. It opened in 1957 on Bulevar Kralja Aleksandra the longest street in the urban part of the city designed by Serbian architect Dragiša Brašovan. The hotel is located near the center of Belgrade (district of Palilula) overlooking the Tašmajdan park close to the University of Law the Church of St. Mark the Vukov Spomenik area and the Slavija Square.
 Heritage Square is a place in Fayetteville North Carolina. Owned and maintained by The Woman's Club of Fayetteville Heritage Square includes the Sandford House built in 1797; the Oval Ballroom a freestanding single room built in 1818; and the Baker-Haigh-Nimocks House constructed in 1804. The buildings located on Heritage Square are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. In 1873 former Confederate Captain John E.P. Daingerfield purchased the home.
 The Willis Building is a skyscraper in London named after the primary tenant insurance broker Willis. It is located on Lime Street in the City of London financial district.The Willis Building was designed by architect Norman Foster and developed by British Land. It stands opposite the Lloyd's building and is 125 metres (410 ft) tall with 26 storeys.
 Burg Krems is a castle in Styria Austria.
 Sagami-ji (酒見寺 or Sagami-dera) is a Shingon Buddhist temple in Kasai Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. Its mountain name (sangō) is Senjōsan (泉生山). Emperor Shōmu ordered its construction in the 17th year of the Tenpyō era (745) at the request of Gyōki a Buddhist priest.
 Bentley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fairbanks Alaska United States. It is notable as the northernmost mall in both the United States and North America. It is 2 degrees further north latitude-wise than Centre Square Mall Canada's northernmost mall located in Yellowknife Northwest Territories and also north of Nuuk Center in Greenland.
 Hotel Torni (Hotel Tower) is a historical hotel located in Helsinki Finland and part of the Sokos Hotels hotel chain. When opened in 1931 it became the tallest building in Finland a position it maintained until the completion of the new Fortum (then Neste) headquarters in neighboring Espoo in 1976 and it remained the tallest building in Helsinki until 1987. The interior of the building was completely renovated in 2005. It is located in Helsinki's Design District.
 Cinderella City Mall was a large shopping center located in Englewood Colorado United States. The mall was completed and officially opened for business on 7 March 1968 and once held the distinction of being the largest covered shopping center west of the Mississippi River. It featured four sections: Rose Mall Gold Mall Shamrock Mall and Cinder Alley. In addition the Center Court area was known as the Blue Mall. It was demolished in 1999.
 The United States Post Office—Beverly Main is a historic post office at 161 Rantoul Street in Beverly Massachusetts. The single story building was built in 1910 out of sandstone in a Classical Revival style. The front facade has a projecting portico supported by six Doric columns on a granite base with granite steps leading up to a recessed entrance. The lobby area occupies the front of the main block and is styled with terrazzo marble.
 The All Hallows Guild Carousel or simply the Traveling Carousel is a historic carousel housed at the National Cathedral in Washington D.C. since 1963. Previously it was a county fair carousel that moved with traveling carnivals throughout the United States.
 Bascom Palmer Eye Institute of the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine is a center for ophthalmic care research and education. Faculty and staff treat patients from around the world in facilities in Miami-Dade County Broward County Palm Beach County and Collier County.
 St Giles' Church Camberwell is the parish church of Camberwell a district of London which forms part of the London Borough of Southwark. It is part of Camberwell Deanery within the Anglican Diocese of Southwark in the Church of England. The church is dedicated to Saint Giles the patron saint of the disabled. A local legend associates the dedication of St Giles with a well near Camberwell Grove which may also have given Camber-well its name.
 The West Line Historic District is a residential community in central Austin Texas United States. The district encompasses an approximately 90-block tract of land located west of downtown. Bounded by Baylor Street to the east Fifth Street to the south Thirteenth Street to the north and Texas State Highway Loop 1 to the west.
 The Palm Springs Art Museum (formerly the Palm Springs Desert Museum) was founded in 1938 and is a regional art natural science and performing arts institution for Palm Springs and the Coachella Valley in Riverside County California United States.
 The church of St. Peter in Eastgate Lincoln is a Grade II listed parish church in Lincoln England.
 The Musée du Petit Palais is a museum and art gallery in Avignon southern France. It opened in 1976 and has an exceptional collection of Renaissance paintings of the Avignon school as well as from Italy which reunites many primitives from the collection of Giampietro Campana. It is housed in a 14th-century building at the north side of the square overlooked by the Palais des Papes.
 Jacobus DesMarest House is located in New Milford Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1765 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 17 1978.The historical marker at the property states:The earliest part of this house one of the oldest in the county was built on land purchased in 1677 by David Demarest Sr. founder of the Huguenot Colony in Bergen County. His grandson Jacobus born 1681 lived here until his death in 1763.
 St. Paul’s Church Daybrook is a parish church in the Church of England in Daybrook Nottingham.The church is Grade II* listed by the Department for Culture Media & Sport as it is a particularly significant building of more than local interest.
 The Buffalo Main Post Office in Buffalo Wyoming was built in 1911 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Buffalo was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
 The Jesse Reno School is an historic school building located at 4820 Howard Street Northwest Washington D.C. in the Tenleytown neighborhood.
 Danforth Memorial Library also known as the Paterson Free Public Library is located in Paterson Passaic County New Jersey United States. The library was built in 1905 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 1 1984.The Library houses the city's art collection mostly of painting 19th century paintings donated to the city.
 First Presbyterian Church is an historic Presbyterian church located at 642 Telfair Street in Augusta Georgia in the United States. The church was established in 1804 and the building was completed in 1812. It was designed by noted architect Robert Mills in the Romanesque style. On February 21 1997 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places listed as First Presbyterian Church of Augusta.During his childhood United States president Woodrow Wilson's father - Joseph R.
 The Polygonal Barn Lincoln Township was an historical structure located in Lincoln Township in rural Johnson County Iowa. It was built in 1880 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. It was an 8-sided building and has subsequently torn down.
 Quindocqua United Methodist Church is a historic United Methodist church located at Marion Somerset County Maryland. It is a single-story roughly cruciform frame building resting on a raised foundation of common bond brick erected in 1913. It features pointed-arch colored glass windows on three sides fishscale shingles in the gables and a three-story bell tower topped by a pyramidal roof.
 The Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario (CHEO) (French: Centre hospitalier pour enfants de l'est de l'Ontario) is a major children's hospital and university teaching hospital in Ottawa Ontario serving Eastern Ontario and western Quebec. CHEO is also a trauma centre for children in Eastern Ontario and one of five in Canada (others being Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto Alberta Children's Hospital in Calgary BC Children's Hospital in Vancouver and IWK Health Centre in Halifax).
 The Church of St. Mary Mother of the Church is a Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located in Fishkill Dutchess County New York. It was originally established as a mission of St. Joachim (Beacon New York) in 1861 and elevated to parish status in 1953.
 The US Post Office-Lexington Main is an historic post office at 1661 Massachusetts Avenue in Lexington Massachusetts. The single story brick Georgian Revival building was built in 1937 as part of a Depression era works program. The building has fairly modest styling: it has a belfry and cupola and its entry is flanked by fluted engaged columns and topped by a simple entablature and an eagle set in a carved recess.The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 The Seattle Civic Square is a proposed 520-foot (160 m) tall 43-story skyscraper in Seattle Washington that was approved by the city in 2009. The building will include space for retail offices and residences. The development will also include a 30000 square feet (2800 m2) public plaza.The site has been vacant since the previous structure the Public Safety Building was demolished in 2005.
 The Supply Depot is a large warehouse located at Downsview Park in Toronto Ontario Canada.The former military structure—built to withstand a nuclear attack—is today used as a farmer's market film studio and venue for the Toronto Roller Derby.
 Rudbjerggaard situated 7 km south of Nakskov is the only half-timbered manor house on the island of Lolland in south-eastern Denmark.
 Yamagata Castle (山形城 Yamagata-jō) is a flatland-style Japanese castle located in the center of the city of Yamagata eastern Yamagata Prefecture Japan. Throughout the Edo period Yamagata Castle was the headquarters for the daimyō of Yamagata Domain. The castle was also known as Ka-jō (霞城). The castle grounds are protected as a National Historic Site by the Japanese government.
 St Mihangel's Church Llanfihangel yn Nhowyn is a former parish church now used as the chapel for RAF Valley in Anglesey north Wales. The date of the first church on the site is uncertain but in 1862 the then-existing church was rebuilt. St Mihangel's became the chapel for the nearby Royal Air Force base in 1998 after the Church in Wales had ceased using it for services.
 Silk Street Bridge is a historic Lenticular pony truss bridge located at Newark Valley in Tioga County New York. It was constructed in 1888 and spans the East Branch of Owego Creek. It was constructed by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company of East Berlin Connecticut.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Fort of Santa Cruz (Portuguese: Forte de Santa Cruz da Horta or Castelo da Santa Cruz) is a 16th-century fortification located in the civil parish of Angústias municipality of Horta on the island of Faial in the Portuguese Azores. Occasionally referred to as the Castelo de Santa Cruz by locals it is situated in the historic centre of the city on the edge of Horta Bay.
 The Palacio de la Bahia Hotel & Tower in English is a 353 m (1158 ft) tall supertall skyscraper with 64 floors planned for construction at Ave. Balboa Ave. México 29 Este y 30 Este The Exposition in Panama City Panama.
 Galemont is a historic home located at Broad Run Fauquier County Virginia. It was built between 1778 and 1817 as a 1 1/2-story two-room stone hall-and-parlor-plan residence with a one-room cellar. It was expanded about 1857 and included Federal / Greek Revival-style details. In 1872 a new I-plan house was built less than 20 feet east of the original house and connected to make one large multi-period building with transverse center halls.
 St. Stanislaus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Bristol Connecticut United States. Founded in 1919. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
 Iglesia de San Juan el Real (Oviedo) is a church in Oviedo Asturias Spain. It was established in 1912. Francisco Franco was married in the church in 1923.
 Bear Mountain Indian Mission School is a historic Native American missionary school in Amherst Virginia.The school was used by the Monacan tribe since: [i]n 1868 [when] a parcel of land was donated for a meeting place for the Indian people. At the time churches and schools were provided for whites and for blacks but not for Indians. Originally a wooden arbor served as the meeting place and itinerant ministers began to hold Baptist and Methodist services there.
 Hillyer Memorial Christian Church is a historic church in downtown Raleigh North Carolina located on Hillsborough Street. The church is affiliated with the Disciples of Christ. The current church was built in 1915. The church is named after the Hillyer family who were patrons of the church and kept the church from going bankrupt during the Great Depression and the World Wars. The church is under the jurisdiction of the Church of the Disciples of Christ in North Carolina.
 The Eugene Apartments is a building complex located in northwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 South Lodge is a 19th-century five star country house hotel set in Horsham West Sussex in the south of England.The hotel was in the international spotlight in March 2009 as it hosted the world leaders during the 2009 G-20 London Summit. The Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling and the other finance ministers and central bank governors from the European Union stayed in the hotel during the summit.
 The Pipestone Indian School Superintendent's House served as the home of the superintendent of the Pipestone Indian School from its construction in 1907 to the closure of the school in 1953.
 LynnMall is a shopping centre in New Lynn a suburb of Waitakere City New Zealand on Great North Road adjacent to New Lynn Train Station 11.8 kilometres (7.3 mi) southwest of the Auckland CBD.
 The Fort of São Sebastião de Caparica (Portuguese: Forte de São Sebastião de Caparica) also known as the Tower of São Sebastião (Portuguese: Torre de São Sebastião) or Fortress of the Old Tower (Portuguese: Fortaleza de Torre Velha) is a medieval fortification located in Monte da Caparica civil parish of Caparica in the municipality of Almada in the Portuguese central region of Península de Setúbal.The fortress of Torre Velha is one of the more important examples of Renaissance-era military architecture at a time when it served as part of an integrated system of defensive artillery outposts at the end of the 15th and beginning of the 16th century in particular with the bulwarks of Cascais (1498) and São Vicente (1512).
 The George D. Birkhoff House is a historic house located at 22 Craigie Street Cambridge Massachusetts. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975 for its association with Harvard University Professor George David Birkhoff (1881-1944) one of the most important mathematicians of his time.The house is a three story Second Empire wood frame structure with a mansard roof. Its date of construction is not known but is surmised to be sometime before the 1890s.
 Navy House is the official residence of the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy located in Galle Buck Rd Colombo Sri Lanka.
 The Centre City Tower (also spelled Center City Tower) is a 341-foot (104 m) tall skyscraper in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It contains 26 floors and stands as the 20th-tallest building in the city. Centre City Tower was constructed in 1971 and was later renovated in 2002. The entire building contains Class B office space and is an example of modern architecture. Signage for Huntington Bank the building's major tenant adorns the outside of the structure.
 Považský hrad (other names: Hrad Bystrica Bystrický hrad Bistrizza Bestruche castrum) is a ruin of medieval castle on the right side of the river Váh near Považská Bystrica in Slovakia. It is thought to be the essential part of silhouette of Považie and Upper Váh region especially. It is built on a cliff 497 meters above sea level. It was one of the most important castles guarding the valley of the river Váh. At the peak of its fame it was home of around 400 people.
 Rivington Unitarian Chapel is a place of Unitarian worship in Rivington Lancashire England. It was founded in 1703 and its motto is Here let no man a stranger be. The chapel is a Grade II* listed building and its restoration in 1990 was aided by English Heritage. The chapel is an active place of worship: services are held at 2.15pm on the first and third Sunday of each month and the bell is rung to call worshippers to the service.
 The National Museum of Iran (Persian: موزهٔ ملی ایران‎ Mūze-ye Millī-ye Irān) is a museum in Tehran Iran. It is the combination of two museums the old Muze-ye Irân-e Bâstân (Archaeological Museum of Iran a break Sasanian revival building designed by André Godard and inaugurated in 1937) and the modernistic white travertine National Arts Museum (Mūze-i Honar-i Millī) inaugurated in 1972.
 The Fred F. French Building is a 38-story skyscraper on the northeast corner of 45th Street at 551 Fifth Avenue Manhattan New York City.
 The Arthur M. Parker House is located at 8115 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan directly adjacent to the Frederick K. Stearns House. It is also known as the Parker House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Royal Palace (Polish: Pałac Królewski; German: Stadtschloss) is a palace in Wrocław Poland. Originally a palace of the Prussian monarchy the palace now houses the city museum.
 The Chief Vann House is the first brick residence in the Cherokee Nation that has been called the Showplace of the Cherokee Nation. Owned by a Cherokee chief named Chief James Vann The Vann House is a Georgia Historic Site on the National Register of Historic Places and one of the oldest remaining structures in the northern third of the state of Georgia. It is (on Spring Place) located at the intersection of U.S.
 The Church of St. Agnes and St. Pancras Toxteth Park is located in Ullet Road Toxteth Park Liverpool England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building and is an active Anglican church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Liverpool and the deanery of Toxteth and Wavertree. Pevsner described it as by far the most beautiful Victorian church of Liverpool...an epitome of Late Victorian nobility in church design.
 Seaton is a historic home located near South Boston Halifax County Virginia. It was built in 1856-1857 and is a 1 1/2-story gable roofed wood frame dwelling set on a stone and brick foundation in the Gothic Revival style. It was enlarged by a 2 1/2-story addition and kitchen wing in 1887. Also on the property is a contributing carriage shed and shed.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Withers Building also known as the Winthrop Training School or W.T.S. is an historic building complex located at 611 Myrtle Drive on the campus of Winthrop University in Rock Hill South Carolina.
 Storfosna Church (Norwegian: Storfosna kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The church is located on the island of Storfosna.The church was built in 1913 to hold up to 150 people. The architect Johan Kunig designed the building. The church has about 12 scheduled Sunday worship services per year. The church is part of the Ørland parish in the Fosen deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros.
 The Central Museum of Textiles is a museum of textiles located in the Ludwik Geyer's White Factory in Łódź Poland.
 Ashlawn also called the Joshua Perkins House is a two-story central-hall frame farmhouse dating from the 18th century in Sprague Connecticut. The house's namesake is its first owner Joshua Perkins a farmer and son of the prominent Captain Matthew Perkins a farmer and founding member of the Hanover Society. Ashlawn's main house has a five-bay front facade with pilasters supporting broken-base pediments. The inside has well-documented woodwork for its moldings and wainscotting.
 The Alexandria Canal was a canal in the United States that connected the city of Alexandria to Georgetown in the District of Columbia.In 1830 merchants from Alexandria (which at the time was within the jurisdiction of the federal District of Columbia) proposed linking their city to Georgetown to capitalize on the new Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (C&O Canal). Congress granted a charter to the Alexandria Canal Company in 1830.
 Jósika Castle ['yɔ:şikɔ] (Romanian: Castelul Jósika Hungarian: Jósika-kastély) is an imposing castle located on the left bank of the Someş River in the current commune of Surduc Sălaj County. Construction of this edifice lasted almost two centuries between 1641–1810 the castle belonged to the Csáky family and between 1810–1853 the castle belonged to Miklós Jósika baron of Branyicska.
 Beth Hillel Synagogue is a Jewish synagogue on Irving Avenue in Deerfield Township Cumberland County New Jersey United States.It was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The John Hunter Hospital (sometimes known as the JHH or more colloquially the John) is the principal referral centre and a community hospital for Newcastle Lake Macquarie and Northern New South Wales. It is the main teaching hospital of the University of Newcastle. The hospital contains the only trauma centre in New South Wales outside of the Sydney Metropolitan Area and has the busiest emergency department in the state.
 Bay Park Square is a shopping mall owned by Simon Property Group in the Green Bay Wisconsin suburb of Ashwaubenon in the United States. The mall opened in 1980 under the ownership of DeBartolo Corporation.
 15 Broad Street is a former office building now containing luxury apartments on the northeast corner of Exchange Place with entrances at 51 Exchange Place and 37 Wall Street in Manhattan. In 1931 it was one of the 20 largest office buildings in the world.
 Fort Inge was a frontier fort in Uvalde County Texas (USA) established as Camp Leona on March 13 1849. The fort served as a base for United States Army troops assigned to protect the southern overland mail route along the San Antonio-El Paso Road from Indian raids. The camp was renamed Fort Inge in honor of Lieutenant Zebulon M. P. Inge a West Point officer killed in the Mexican–American War.
 Ratac or Ratac Abbey (Italian: Santa Maria de Rotezo Serbian: Манастир Богородице Ратачке) was a fortified monastic complex on the coast of the peninsula between Bar and Sutomore in modern-day Montenegro.
 Clay Terrace is a retail lifestyle center in Carmel Indiana. Opened in 2004 it is managed by Simon Property Group.
 Trinity Episcopal Church is a church on Edisto Island South Carolina.It was built in 1876 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
 The Mary Smith House is a house on the National Register of Historic Places in Draper Utah United States. It was built around 1883 by Lauritz Smith for his first wife Mary Kristine Mickelsdotter Smith to avoid prosecution under the Edmunds Act. Since this law made cohabitation illegal the theory was that if he created a new house for Mary and had his second wife Hannah in his main house he would avoid prosecution.
 Nairobi Java House is a chain of coffee houses and exporters with its head office in ABC Place in Nairobi Kenya founded in 1999. Along with Dorman's Coffee the other major chain in the city it is one of the few places where one can find export-quality Kenyan coffee brewed and served in the region. The chain is known for its variety of Kenyan coffees and teas home baked bread Mexican cuisine and free wireless Internet access which are unusual in the area.
 The Museum of Sex also known as MoSex is a sex museum located at 233 Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 27th Street in Manhattan New York City. It opened on October 5 2002.
 St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Roman Catholic church building located at 14608 Macleod Trail in the Midnapore neighbourhood in Calgary Alberta Canada. It was built in 1904 by local crafstmen on land donated by Patrick Glenn son of John Glenn and a member of one of Calgary's pioneer farm families. Its steep pitched roof and lancet windows are typical of Carpenter Gothic churches. St. Patrick's was served by noted missionary priest Fr.
 Great Western Hospital is a large hospital situated in Swindon Wiltshire England next to junction 15 of the M4 motorway.
 San Martino church also called San Martino Maggiore is an ancient church in Bologna originally founded in association with an adjacent Carmelite Monastery.A church at the site was initially built in 1217; the brick tracery vaults of the ceiling were added in 1457. The present facade was dates from1879 and displays statues of various saints . In the piazza just in front of the church is a statue of the Madonna (1705) by Andrea Ferreri.
 The William Murphy House is a site on the National Register of Historic Places. It is located at 97 Sewall Ave. in Brookline Massachusetts.
 St. Katherine's Historic District is located on the east side Davenport Iowa United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is the location of two mansions built by two lumber barons until it became the campus of an Episcopal girl’s school named St. Katharine’s Hall and later as St. Katharine’s School. The name was altered to St. Katharine St. Mark’s School when it became coeducational. It is currently the location of a senior living facility called St.
 Anshei Sphard Beth El Emeth Congregation is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in suburban East Memphis Tennessee.
 St. Eusebius church also known as the Eusebiuskerk or the Grote Kerk at 93 metres is the largest church and the largest building in Arnhem The Netherlands. It is named after the 4th-century saint Eusebius Bishop of Vercelli.Notably the building contains an elevator that was added to the church in 1994 which allows visitors to travel to the top of the spire and view the city of Arnhem from its highest point.
 Copake United Methodist Church and Copake Cemetery is a historic United Methodist church on Church Street in Copake Columbia County New York. The church was built about 1854 and is a one story timber frame meeting house style church with Greek Revival style design attributes. It features a stoutly proportioned four columned Ionic order portico and a two tiered belfry. The church is set within Copake Cemetery.
 The Terry's Plain Historic District is a 325-acre (132 ha) historic district in the town of Simsbury Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.The district is significant as a preserved rural landscape.It included 27 contributing buildings of various architectural styles including Greek Revival Federal and Late Victorian architecture and 17 non-contributing buildings.It includes 13 houses that were parts of farm complexes and 14 agricultural outbuildings ranging from sheds to large tobacco barns.Contributing sites include: A field where the militia drilled in 1683 (or 1685)24 Ferry Lane barn from c. 
 The Dry Creek School in Manhattan Montana was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
 The Franklin H. Walker House was a private residence located at 2730 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit Michigan. It was also known as Doctor's Hospital. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 but subsequently demolished.
 The Cornwall Friends Meeting House is a historic meeting house located on a 5.4-acre (2.2 ha) parcel of land at the junction of Quaker Avenue (Orange County 107) and US 9W in Cornwall New York United States near Cornwall-St. Luke's Hospital. It is both the oldest religious building in the town and the first one built.
 Fayette County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Fayetteville Fayette County West Virginia. It was built in 1894-1895 and is a 2 1/2 story five bay wide rectangular building with projecting wings. The basement level is built of sanstone and faced in ashlar. Above that the walls are of brick. It features a square tower with pyramidal roof.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 CoolSprings Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the Cool Springs commercial and residential corridor between Franklin and Brentwood Tennessee 15 miles (24 km) south of Nashville. The mall opened in 1991 and has 5 department stores and over 165 stores on two floors totaling 1117689 square feet (103836.7 m2) including the 500-seat Oasis Food Court. CoolSprings Crossings is an adjacent power center.
 The Providence Street Firehouse is a historic former firestation at 98 Providence Street in Worcester Massachusetts. It was designed by Earle & Fisher and was built in 1899. It is a 2-1/2 story rectangular brick building with two garage bays and a square tower with pyramidal roof.
 Berwartstein Castle is a castle in the Wasgau the southern part of the Palatinate Forest in the state Rhineland-Palatinate in southwestern Germany. It was one of the rock castles that were part of defences of the Palatinate during the Middle Ages. This castle is noted in the publication Works of Preservation of Monuments of Rheinland-Pfalz which was assembled and edited for the Ministry of Education and Culture.
 The Pear Lake Ski Hut was built in Sequoia National Park by the Civilian Conservation Corps during 1939-1941. It is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style using rough masonry and a log roof structure.It is located in the park east of Lodgepole. It has been said to be one of the most environmentally successful alpine structures ever designed by the NPS.
 Faraway Farm also known as the Daniel Ropp House is a historic home located near Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built about 1865 and is a two-story L-shaped brick dwelling. It is five bays wide and the ell is four bays long with a two-story recessed porch.
 Hazelfield located near Shenandoah Junction West Virginia is a historic farm whose principal residence was built in 1815 for Ann Stephen Dandridge Hunter.
 Stirling also known as Stirling Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Massaponax Spotsylvania County Virginia. It was built between 1858 and 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick Greek Revival and Federal dwelling. It measures 56 feet by 36 feet and has a hipped roof and four interior end chimneys. It sits on a raised basement and features entrance porches added about 1912.
 Santa Maria della Consolazione is a Roman Catholic church in Rome at the foot of the Palatine Hill in rione Campitelli.
 St. Raphael’s Hospital is a largest General and Maternity Hospital in Faisalabad Pakistan owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad. It is the founded by Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth in 1907. It is a branch of the Hospital of Saint Raphael operated by the Sisters in the United States.It is Faisalabad's most expensive hospital and ranking in Top ten most good hospitals of Faisalabad.
 Molycourt Priory was a priory in Norfolk England.
 St. George's Catholic Church (South Academy) is a historic church on VT 25 in Bakersfield Vermont.It was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 The Denton J. Paul Water Tank near Dietrich Idaho United States was built in 1910 by stonemason Ignacio Berriochoa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 Jōkoku-ji (上国寺) is a Jōdo shū Buddhist temple in Kaminokuni Hokkaidō Japan. Founded originally as a Shingon temple in the mid-fifteenth century the Hondō (本堂) of 1757/8 has been designated an Important Cultural Property.
 Masker House is a historic house located in Wyckoff Bergen County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1780 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10 1983. The original house was a three-bay 1 1⁄2-story house built of sandstone. A 2-story frame addition was added to the right of the original section.
 Bhuiyar / Kori Dharmshala also known as Shri Kabir Ashram Dharmarth Trust Samiti is a dharamshala in the holy city of Haridwar in the Uttarakhand state of India. The dharmshala is situated near Rishikul Ayurvedic College Haridwar.
 The Patrick F. McManus House (also known as the Hiram Colver House) was built sometime between 1853 and 1855 by sutler and prospector Patrick F. McManus. McManus was one of the first of a group of white men in 1853 to reach what is now called Crater Lake as part of the Hillman group of prospectors. It is currently owned by Jason R. Couch and his wife Kirlesten.
 Hayravank (Armenian: Հայրավանք) is a 9th-12th century Armenian monastery located just northeast of the village of Hayravank along the southwest shores of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The monastic complex consists of a church chapel and gavit.Surrounding the monastery are numerous khachkars and gravestones that are part of a small cemetery.
 The Torre de Madrid (Spanish: Tower of Madrid) is one of the tallest buildings in Madrid. It measures 142 metres in height has 36 floors and was constructed between 1954 and 1957. It was designed by the architects Julián and José María Otamendi Machimbarrena as an assignment of the Metropolitan Real Estate Agency for whom already they had built the Edificio España.It is situated on the Plaza de España being a symbolic building for the plaza and the city. It holds offices and apartments.
 The Yokohama Landmark Tower (横浜ランドマークタワー Yokohama Randomāku Tawā) is the tallest building and 3rd tallest structure in Japan standing 296.3 m (972 ft) high. It is located in the Minato Mirai 21 district of Yokohama city right next to Yokohama Museum of Art. Work on the building was finished in 1993. When opened it had the highest observation deck in Japan.[citation needed]The building contains a five-star hotel which occupies floors 49-70 with 603 rooms in total.
 The Notre-Dame Church was a church in Old Montreal.
 Central Square is an area in Cambridge Massachusetts centered on the junction of Massachusetts Avenue Prospect Street and Western Avenue. Lafayette Square formed by the junction of Massachusetts Avenue Columbia Street Sidney Street and Main Street is also considered a part of the Central Square area. Harvard Square is to the northwest along Massachusetts Avenue Inman Square is to the north along Prospect Street and Kendall Square is to the east along Main Street.
 Congregation Mickve Israel in Savannah Georgia is one of the oldest in the United States as it was organized in 1735 by mostly Sephardic Jewish immigrants from London who arrived in the new colony in 1733. They consecrated their current synagogue located on Monterey Square in historic Savannah in 1878. It is a rare example of a Gothic-style synagogue. The synagogue building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 The Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste du Faubourg is a Roman Catholic church in Aix-en-Provence.
 The Clark Houses are historic houses at 74 and 76 W. Central Street in Natick Massachusetts. The houses were built in 1870 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Peter Spicker House is a historic home located at Stouchsburg Marion Township Berks County Pennsylvania. It is a native limestone dwelling with first section was built about 1740 with the central portion added about 1750 and the eastern section about 1800. It is reflective of the transition from the Germanic to the Georgian style. The oldest section is 1 1/2 stories three bays wide. The central section is 2 1/2 stories and also three bays wide with a gable and pent roof.
 Met 1 is part of Metropolitan Miami a complex of four skyscrapers in the central business district of Downtown Miami Florida United States. Met 1 was finished in 2007.Met 1 was the first building to be completed in the complex. Completed in 2007 the building rises 40 stories and 440 feet (130 m).
 The Blake Tenements were built between 1760 and 1772 by Daniel Blake a planter from Newington Plantation on the Ashley River. The building was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. The building was renovated for use as an annex to a nearby county office building in 1969.
 5th Avenue Mall is an upscale shopping mall located in Downtown Anchorage Alaska United States. The mall has four levels with the only JCPenney and Nordstrom stores in Alaska as anchors. The mall also boasts Alaska's only Abercrombie & Fitch Apple Store Banana Republic bebe Coach and Teavana locations.The mall is owned and administered by the Simon Property Group.
 The Cox Ford Covered Bridge crosses Sugar Creek along the west edge of Turkey Run State Park Parke County. This single span Burr Arch truss structure has a length of 176 feet (54 m) or 192 feet (59 m) including the 8 feet (2.4 m) overhang at each end with a portal clearance 16 feet (4.9 m) wide by 13 feet (4.0 m) in height. Built in 1913 by Joseph A.
 F. Amadee Bregy School is a historic school building located in the Marconi Plaza neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by Irwin T. Catharine and built in 1923-1924. It is a three-story nine bay brick building on a raised basement in the Colonial Revival-style. It features large stone arched surrounds double stone cornice projecting entrance pavilion and a brick parapet.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 Westfield Eastgardens is a shopping centre that is located in the suburb of Eastgardens in Sydney New South Wales Australia. The centre was the largest shopping centre in Australia when it opened in September 1987. The centre is owned by the Terrace Tower Group but operated and managed on a long term agreement by the Westfield Group. The centre's major tenants include three supermarkets a department store three discount department stores and a cinema.
 The Sacred Heart Church Rectory School and Convent make up an historic Roman Catholic church complex at 6th and Thorndike Streets in Cambridge Massachusetts. The church was built in the 1870s and 1880s to serve the parish first organized as the St. John the Evangelist Parish in 1842. The rectory was added in 1885 and the convent and school followed in 1902. The church is a Medieval Gothic structure designed by P. W. Ford.
 Institut universitaire en santé mentale de Montréal. is a psychiatric hospital in Montreal Quebec Canada. It is located at 7401 Hochelaga Street in the borough of Mercier–Hochelaga-Maisonneuve.
 The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex located at 200 N.W. 5th Street in Downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. The building was the target of the Oklahoma City bombing on April 19 1995 which killed 168 people including 19 children all under age 6. Half of the building collapsed seconds after the truck bomb detonated.
 The Fort Hollingsworth–White House is a well-preserved example of an early frontier fort built in Alto Georgia in the late 18th century. The fort was built around 1792 by Jacob Hollingsworth on newly opened lands resulting from treaties with the Cherokee nation and was meant to protect the settlers in the area. The fort was adapted as a farm residence principally by the White family and has passed through generations of owners.
 The Church of the Mediator is an historic church in Micanopy Florida which was built in 1874 as a Presbyterian church but since 1966 has been an Episcopal church. It is a contributing property in the Micanopy Historic District.
 The Gaston–Strong House is a house located in southwest Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Coolidge Stores Building also known as Landmark Tavern is a historic commercial building located at Bouckville in Madison County New York United States. It is a Greek Revival style cobblestone building constructed in 1851. It is irregular in plan featuring four three-bay facades arranged in an arc of less than 90-degrees. Each of the four segments corresponds to an original store space with a wedge shaped floor plan.
 Euphronia Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 3800 Steel Bridge Road in Sanford in the U.S. state of North Carolina.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Allenwood River Bridge was a historic bridge in Delaware Township Northumberland County Pennsylvania and Gregg Township Union County Pennsylvania. The two-lane five-span pin-connected Pratt through truss bridge carried Pennsylvania Route 44 over the West Branch Susquehanna River. The bridge was one of the oldest and longest spans crossing that river.
 Jumeirah Emirates Hotel Tower also known as Emirates Tower Two is a 56-storey hotel in the city of Dubai United Arab Emirates. The hotel includes 40 luxury suites and is operated by the Jumeirah International Group. Connected with 54-floor Emirates Office Tower by a retail boulevard the two towers form the Emirates Towers complex. At a structural height of 309 m (1014 ft) Emirates Towers Hotel is the smaller of the two of the sister towers.
 The Anna Day House is an historic house at 139 Cushing Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 1.5 story wood frame cottage was built in 1856 and is a well preserved example of Gothic Revival styling. This instance in particular is notable for its drip-style bargeboard decoration.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 St. Barnabas Episcopal Church is a historic church at SE 4th Street and St. Barnabas Road in Snow Hill North Carolina.It was built in 1887 and added to the National Register in 1979.
 Fat Oxen is a historic home located near Urbana Frederick County Maryland United States. It is a 1 1⁄2-story Flemish bond brick house over a high rough stone foundation with a shorter kitchen wing. It was built about 1775 and is basically Georgian vernacular architecture in style. The home is a notable example of an English farmhouse in a region that was largely populated by German Americans.Fat Oxen was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
 Wonkwangsa International Zen Temple (Chinese: 元光寺 Korean: 원광사 English: Temple of Original Light) is a Korean-tradition zen temple and monastery located in Búbánatvölgy a valley near Esztergom Hungary.The temple is currently run by the Abbot Chong An Sunim and Vice Abbot Dok Hae Sunim.There are lay residents living in the temple that perform various functions such as Kitchen Master Head Dharma-Teacher Garden Master or Moktak Master.Fundraising for the project started in 2005.
 Olana State Historic Site was the home of Frederic Edwin Church (1826–1900) one of the major figures in the Hudson River School of landscape painting. The centerpiece of Olana is an eclectic villa composed of many styles difficult to categorize which overlooks parkland and a working farm designed by the artist. As well the residence has a wide view of the Hudson River valley the Catskill Mountains and the Taconic Range.
 Palacio Municipal (City Hall) is the seat of the local government agency of the Municipality of Montevideo Uruguay. Located on the main avenue of the city 18 de Julio Avenue in barrio Centro it was designed by Uruguayan architect Mauricio Cravotto.
 The Buffalo History Museum (founded as the Buffalo Historical Society and later named the Buffalo and Erie County Historical Society) is located at 1 Museum Court (formerly 25 Nottingham Court) in Buffalo New York just east of Elmwood Avenue and off of Nottingham Terrace north of the Scajaquada Expressway in the northwest corner of Delaware Park.
 Landry-Walker College and Career Preparatory High School formerly known as L.B. Landry High School is a secondary school in the Whitney area of Algiers New Orleans Louisiana. It was originally named after Lord Beaconsfield Landry an activist physician and soloist. It was originally controlled by New Orleans Public Schools. The name was changed in 2013 due to a merger with nearby O. Perry Walker High School.
 Holy Trinity Church Seathwaite is in the village of Seathwaite Cumbria England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Furness the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of four other local parishes. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
 The Church of Our Lady of Lebanon (Spanish: Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Líbano) is a Maronite (Eastern Catholic) parish church in the neighbourhood of Sayago Montevideo Uruguay.Uruguay has a strong presence of Lebanese immigrants and their offspring. Since 1924 the Maronite Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary is also in Montevideo. Their own parish was established on 30 November 1941.
 Camp Four in Fort Smith Montana was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
 Kelly's Roast Beef is a regional fast food restaurant chain located in Massachusetts. It is known for its roast beef sandwiches and lobster rolls as well as other seafood. It was founded in 1951 in the city of Revere Massachusetts on Revere Beach shoreline by two partners Frank V. McCarthy and Raymond Carey.
 The House of Providence is a former orphanage and school located in Vancouver Washington. It was built c. 1873 by Mother Joseph of the Sacred Heart. She raised money for the construction of the House of Providence and other charitable institutions by leading begging tours through local mining camps. The building has three stories and was constructed in brick in a neo-Georgian style. It was used as a school until 1969.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Cheese Course is a chain of South Florida restaurants that serve sandwiches and more all of which relate to cheese. The chain also has a restaurant franchise in Boulder Colorado and has nine locations as of February 2014. The restaurant also sells pre-packaged cheeses wines and other products that pair with cheese. The chain stocks over 150 different types of cheese from all over the world. Classes are held regarding wine and cheese at the restaurants.
 100 North Main Street also known as Wells Fargo Center is a postmodern 460-foot (140 m) 34-floor office skyscraper in Winston-Salem North Carolina USA. Originally named Wachovia Center the building served as the corporate headquarters of Wachovia bank from 1995 the year of the tower's construction to 2001 the year the corporation merged with First Union and moved its headquarters to Charlotte North Carolina.
 The Leather District is a neighborhood of Boston near South Street between the Financial District and Chinatown. The Leather District (occasionally referred to as the LD) is a tightly defined area bounded by Kneeland Street to the south Essex Street to the north Atlantic Avenue to the east and Lincoln Street to the west. It is so named due to the dominance of the leather industry in previous times.
 Wyuka Cemetery is the largest cemetery in Lincoln Nebraska. In 1890 Lincoln's Bnai Jeshurun Congregation a Reform congregation began using a section of Wyuka.
 Vaughn's Stage Coach Stop is a historic stagecoach stop located near Ridgeway Fairfield County South Carolina. It was built about 1820 and is a two-story weatherboarded frame gable-roofed residence with a double-pile and central hall floor plan. The building sits on a foundation of stone piers has end chimneys rear shed rooms and a left rear addition.
 St. Elizabeth's Magyar Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 9016 Buckeye Road in Cleveland Ohio.It was built in 1918 to serve Cleveland's Hungarian (Magyar) community and was added to the National Register in 1976.
 Church of Saint Peter in Cremeno (Italian: Chiesa di San Pietro di Cremeno) is a Roman Catholic church in Genoa the capital of Liguria Italy.
 Isaac Fripp House Ruins is a historic house ruin and archaeological site located on Saint Helena Island near Frogmore Beaufort County South Carolina. The ruins are located at Bay View overlooking the junction of Chowan Creek and the Beaufort River. The two-story house dates to the early- to mid- 19th century and is significant as one of the most intact tabby buildings on the island. Much of the historic fabric including the walls and much of the plaster remain.
 The Carnegie Free Library in McKeesport Pennsylvania is a building from 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 R.C. Ropp House is a historic home located at Martinsburg Berkeley County West Virginia. It was built in 1928 and is a two story two bay frame vernacular house with some Colonial Revival details. It sits on a concrete block foundation and has a standing seam metal gable roof. It is built of parts ordered from the Sears and Roebuck Company. Also on the property is a garage (1928).It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Dr. John Quincy Howe House is a notable house located in Phelps New York. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places the house is thought to be the only house in the state of New York with a two-story privy and the only house in the United States with a two-story brick privy.The house is owned by the Phelps Community Historical Society and is operated as a museum.
 The Carmo Convent (Portuguese: Convento da Ordem do Carmo) is a historical building in Lisbon Portugal. The mediaeval convent was ruined in the 1755 Lisbon Earthquake and the ruins of its Gothic church (the Carmo Church or Igreja do Carmo) are the main trace of the great earthquake still visible in the city.The Carmo Convent is located in the Chiado neighbourhood on a hill overlooking the Rossio square and facing the Lisbon Castle hill.
 St. Joseph Parish Gowanda New York is a Roman Catholic parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo located in the rural Western New York Village of Gowanda in the county of Erie. The Parish was named for Saint Joseph. The physical address of St. Joseph Church and Rectory is 26 Erie Avenue however the Church is located at the corner of Erie Avenue and East Main Street. The Church was built in 1957 with Auxiliary Bishop Leo R. Smith laying the cornerstone in 1958.
 St. Joseph's Church is a church in Gibraltar. It is located above the northeastern side of Gibraltar Harbour. The church is on Rodger's Road. There is a school of the same name in the vicinity.
 The John R. Twelves House is a historic house located in Provo Utah United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Heller International Building is a skyscraper in Chicago Illinois. The building rises 600 feet (183 m) in Chicago's Near West Side neighborhood. It contains 45 floors and was completed in 1992. The Heller International Building currently stands as the 44th-tallest building in the city. The architectural firm who designed the building was Skidmore Owings & Merrill the same firm who designed Chicago's Sears Tower and John Hancock Center and the Burj Khalifa in Dubai.
 Flint Castle (Welsh: Castell y Fflint) located in Flint Flintshire was the first of a series of castles built during King Edward I's campaign to conquer Wales.The site was chosen for its strategic position in North East Wales. The castle was only one day's march from Chester supplies could be brought along the River Dee and there was by a ford across to England that could be used at low tide.
 Starhill Towers & Gallery in Dubai is a twin-tower waterfront development consisting of freehold offices a 5-star hotel and a luxury shopping mall. The 31-storey office tower of the project offers freehold office spaces ranging from 934 to 1645 sq ft (86.8 to 152.8 m2). This project was expected to be delivered by 2010 and was completed on schedule.
 Carlos Avery House is a registered historic building near Wellington Ohio listed in the National Register on 1984-05-31.
 Zion Lutheran Church also known as the Zion Church of the City of Baltimore (formerly known as the German Lutheran Reformed Church) is a historic Lutheran church located in Baltimore Maryland United States. The congregation was founded in 1755 in order to serve the needs of Lutheran immigrants from Germany as well as Germans from Pennsylvania who moved to Baltimore. It has a bilingual congregation that provides sermons in both German and English.
 The Essex Institute Historic District is a historic district at 134-132 128 126 Essex Street and 13 Washington Square West in Salem Massachusetts. It consists of a compact group of properties associated with the Essex Institute founded in 1848 and merged in 1992 into the Peabody Essex Museum.
 Masjid-i Jahān-Numā (Arabic: مسجد جھان نما‎ the 'World-reflecting Mosque') commonly known as the Palayam Pally of Trivandrum is the principal mosque of Trivandrum in Kerala India. It is a Juma Masjid (Congregational Mosque). The burial of the famous literary celebrity Kamala Suraiyya alias Madhavikutty or Kamala Das was performed in the compound of Palayam Juma Masjid.The Juma Masjid Palayam Mosque is the most important mosque in Thiruvananthapuram.
 The Fairmont Royal Pavilion is a hotel in St. James Barbados. The Fairmont Royal Pavilion is an adult oriented resort and the hotel does not accept children under the age of 13 years between November to April inclusive each year.
 Jumeirah Bay is a complex containing three skyscrapers in Jumeirah Lake Towers Dubai United Arab Emirates. The towers are located alongside one of the four lakes in the large Jumeirah Lake Towers project. All three buildings were designed by the National Engineering Bureau and were developed by Nakheel Properties. Jumeriah Bay is scheduled to be completed in 2009.The three towers in the complex are Jumeirah Bay 1 Jumeirah Bay 2 and Jumeirah Bay 3.
 This article relates to the Anglican Cathedral of Wellington. For the two other Wellington Cathedrals see: Sacred Heart Cathedral (Catholic) and Cathedral of the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary (Greek Orthodox)St Paul's Cathedral Wellington is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Wellington and the seat of its bishop of Wellington.Work began in 1955 and was completed in 1998.
 B'nai Israel Synagogue is a Reconstructionist synagogue located in Council Bluffs Iowa United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places by its original name Chevra B'nai Yisroel Synagogue in 2007.
 The former United States Customhouse (now the Custom House Maritime Museum) is a historic building at 25 Water Street in Newburyport Massachusetts.The Classical Revival style building was constructed in 1834 and served a custom house until Newburyport declined in popularity as a major port. The Newburyport Maritime Society Inc. operates the Custom House Maritime Museum to showcase the maritime heritage of the Merrimack Valley.
 The D. C. Everest House is located in Wausau Wisconsin United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Quarters 17 also known as Building 17 Lee's Quarters and the Tuileries is a historic officer's quarters located at Fort Monroe Hampton Virginia. It was built in 1823 and is a two-story six-bay brick building with a rear ell in the Federal style. It has a three-story full façade front Tuscan order porch on both the first and second level. The building was renovated and the porch was added in 1907.
 First Congregational Church of Cuyahoga Falls (also known as Pilgrim United Church of Christ) is a historic church at 130 Broad Boulevard in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio.It was built in 1847 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Zentrum Paul Klee is a museum dedicated to the artist Paul Klee located in Bern Switzerland and designed by the Italian architect Renzo Piano. It features about 40 percent of Paul Klee’s entire pictorial oeuvre. In the year 1997 Livia Klee-Meyer Paul Klee's daughter-in-law donated her inheritance of almost 690 works to the city and canton of Bern.[1].
 The Russian Village Historic District in Southbury Connecticut also known as Churaevka is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.It includes 29 buildings over 1100 acres (450 ha) and includes Kiev Dr. and Russian Village Rd. between US 6 and the Pomperaug River in Southbury.
 Crowne Plaza Copenhagen Towers is a hotel in the Ørestad city area of Copenhagen. It is renowned for being the first hotel in Denmark that generates all of its power from renewable sources.
 Piedmont Camp Meeting Grounds Historic District is a national historic district located at Piedmont Montgomery County Virginia. The district encompasses 22 contributing buildings associated with a seasonal religious campground. The district includes a large rustic tabernacle (1939) a group ofsmall frame cabins a dining hall in a former church building (c. 1910) the concrete block Piedmont Pentecostal Holiness Church (1936 1957) and the nave-plan Piedmont Methodist Church (c.
 Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital and Sanctuary is a wildlife hospital based near Mousehole a village in west Cornwall United Kingdom. The hospital was founded in 1928 by Dorothy and Phyllis Yglesias and became famous following the Torrey Canyon disaster.
 Jesse Chew House is located in the Sewell section of Mantua Township Gloucester County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1772 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 18 1972.
 The Piute County Courthouse located at Main St. and Center St. in Junction Utah was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1971.The building site was donated by John Morrill in 1902 (see the John and Ella Morrill House also on Main St. and also NRHP-listed). It was designed by architect Richard C. Watkins in Edwardian architecture style; it was built by contractors Young Alan & Morrill who formed its red bricks on the building site.
 Gtichavank (Armenian: Գտիչի վանք) is a 13th-century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery located in the district of Hadrut (historical country of Dizak) of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic part of the historical Armenian province of Artsakh. Remains of the monastery may be reached by hikers via the Himnakan Janapar part of a network of hiking trails extending through much of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
 Culture Shed (also known as Hudson Yards Cultural Shed) is an independent non-profit cultural organization with a building under development on the far west side of Manhattan being built as part of the Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project adjacent to the northern leg of the High Line and in the Chelsea gallery district.
 The Museum of Ethnology Hamburg (German: Museum für Völkerkunde Hamburg) founded in 1879 is today one of the largest museums of ethnology in Europe. The approximately 350000 objects in the collection are visited every year by about 180000 visitors. It lies in the Rotherbaum quarter of the Eimsbüttel borough in Hamburg.
 Harewood and Beechwood also known as Woods School are two historic homes located about four miles apart in Middletown Township Bucks County Pennsylvania. Harewood was originally built about 1788 as a farmhouse. The original structure is located behind the main house constructed in 1906. Harewood is an irregularly shaped multi-level dwelling with a five-story main section. The main section has a broken-hipped roof and features Palladian windows.
 The Warfield Pratt and Howell Company Warehouse is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines Iowa United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
 The Al Sadiq Mosque (Wabash Mosque) was commissioned in 1922 in the Bronzeville neighborhood in city of Chicago. The Al-Sadiq Mosque one of America's earliest built Mosque's and the oldest standing Mosque in America today. This mosque was funded with the money predominantly donated by African-American Ahmadi Muslim converts.
 St. Antony's shrine is one of a kind which shares the maritime borders of two countries India and Sri Lanka and declared a holy place by Sri Lanka. This island is also spelled as Kachchatheevu Katchatheevu etc.
 The Anthony–Buckley House is a historic Queen Anne style house in La Grande Oregon that was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.It is locally significant for its late Queen Anne style architecture; it includes Stick/Eastlake and Colonial Revival elements too. The property also has original fencing of stone cast-iron and woven wires.
 The Peshtigo Fire Cemetery is a cemetery in Peshtigo Wisconsin. The cemetery is the burial location of the charred remains of victims of the Peshtigo Fire the deadliest natural fire in the history of the United States. Identified victims were buried in traditional marked graves and over 300 unidentified victims were buried in a mass grave. The site is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Federal Correctional Institution Cumberland (FCI Cumberland) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Maryland. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons a division of the United States United States Department of Justice.
 Ringgold Place is a set of 26 historic rowhouses located in the Rittenhouse Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. They were built about 1862 and their scale reflects the material shortages during the American Civil War. The three-story brick residences measure 14 feet by 20 feet with spartan facades and interiors over a raised basement. The properties were acquired in 1925 by noted Philadelphia architect George Howe (1886–1955).
 Ružica Church (Serbian: Црква Ружица Little Rose Church) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in the Kalemegdan Fortress in Belgrade Serbia. A church of the same name existed on the site in the time of Stefan Lazarević. It was demolished in 1521 by the invading Ottoman Turks. The church was used a gunpowder magazine in the 18th century and was converted into a military church between 1867 and 1869. Heavily damaged during the First World War the church was renovated in 1925.
 Dacia Hotel is a three star hotel in Satu Mare Romania. The Secession style hotel one of the few built in Transylvania was built over the old city hall building which dated from 1768–1772.The hotel has around 50 rooms part of it being occupied by the Satu Mare State Philharmonic.
 The West Midlands Police Museum is located in a wing of Sparkhill police station Birmingham England which was formerly a courtroom.One of two museums operated by the West Midlands Police it is only open by appointment or on occasional open days.
 St. Gabriel's Church Weoley Castle is a parish church in the Church of England located in Weoley Castle Birmingham.
 The New Mexico Museum of Space History is a museum and planetarium complex in Alamogordo New Mexico dedicated to artifacts and displays related to space flight and the space age. It includes the International Space Hall of Fame. The Museum of Space History highlights the role that New Mexico has had in the U. S. space program and is one of eight museums administered by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs.
 The Sister Dominica Manor also known as Federal Hill Manor and originally called Bradford House is a high-rise building located in the Federal Hill district of Providence Rhode Island. Standing at 175 feet (53 meters) it is currently the 15th-tallest building in the city. The Sister Domininca Manor has 16 floors and was completed in 1966.
 Richland also known as Thanksgiving Farm Winery is a historic home at Harwood Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a 2 1⁄2-story frame hip-roofed dwelling of approximately 3000 square feet (280 m2). It was constructed in 1893 for gentleman farmer Robert Murray Cheston (1849–1904) and his wife the former Mary Murray (1859–1943). It is the only known late-19th-century rural Anne Arundel County dwelling definitively associated with a specific architectural firm.
 St Luke's Church Farnworth Widnes is a church in Farnworth which was once a separate village but which is now part of the town of Widnes Cheshire England. The church dates back to the 12th century and it contains a number of items of historical interest in particular hatchments and memorials. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Liverpool the archdeaconry of Warrington and the deanery of Widnes.
 The Riley–Cutler House was built in 1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 Hol Church (Norwegian: Hol kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the southeastern edge of the town of Leknes. The church is part of the Hol parish in the Lofoten deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1806 and it seats about 300 people.
 The Coast Guard Museum Northwest (sometimes written as Coast Guard Museum/Northwest) is dedicated to preserving the heritage of the United States Coast Guard in the Pacific Northwest. The museum is located on the property of Coast Guard Station Seattle on the Elliott Bay waterfront south of Downtown Seattle Washington.
 Carol S. Vance Unit (J2 previously the Harlem II Unit and the Jester II Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) prison located in unincorporated central Fort Bend County Texas. The unit located in flatlands is along U.S. Highway 90A 4 miles (6.4 km) east of central Richmond. The facility is in proximity to Sugar Land and it is about 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Downtown Houston.
 The Fountain of the Idol (Portuguese: Fonte do Ídolo) is a Roman fountain located in the civil parish of São José de São Lázaro in the municipality of Braga northern Portugal. Located in the former territory of the Callaici Bracari the granite rock fountain/spring has Latin inscriptions dedicated to the Gallaecian and Lusitanian gods Tongoenabiagus and Nabia (built during era of Roman Emperor Augustus).
 The Bahawalpur Museum (Urdu: بہاولپور عجائب گھر‎) established in 1976 is a museum of archaeology art heritage modern history and religion located in Bahawalpur Punjab Pakistan. It comes under the control of Bahawalpur District Government. The current director of the museum is Hussain Ahmed Madni.The museum is open during 8:00 am to 4:00 pm from Sunday to Thursday and from 8:00 am to 12:00 pm on Friday.
 The Alhambra Theatre also known as the Palace Theatre is a building in El Paso Texas. The building was designed by architect Henry C. Trost. The theatre opened on August 1 1914. It is an example of Moorish Revival architecture.
 The J. B. Crowell and Son Brick Mould Mill Complex is located on Lippencott Road near the hamlet of Wallkill New York USA part of the Town of Shawangunk in Ulster County. It was established in 1870 by James Burns Crowell a fifth-generation descendant of Irish immigrants to the area after he changed his mind about a teaching career.
 Social Service Building is a historic office building located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It was designed by noted Philadelphia architect Horace Trumbauer (1868-1938) and built in 1923-1924. It is a 10-story steel frame brick clad building with limestone and terra cotta ornament in a Federal Revival style.
 The Old People's Home presently known as Leo Vaughan Senior Manor is located at 3325 Fontenelle Boulevard in the Florence neighborhood on the north side of Omaha Nebraska. Built in 1917 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
 Reedy Chapel-AME Church is a historic church at 2013 Broadway in Galveston Texas.It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register in 1984.
 Portland Packing Company Factory is an historic factory building in Downtown Portland Maine. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
 Municipal Corporation of Delhi Civic Centre is the tallest building in Delhi at 102 metres and 28 floors. The 28-storeyed MCD Civic Centre comprises five multi-storey blocks with a total built-up floor area of approximately 116000 sq metres excluding a three-level basement parking facility for about 2500 equivalent car unit seven entry and exit gates eight escalators 43 passenger and service elevators and 100 per cent power back-up. It is near to Asaf Ali Road.
 250 East 57th Street is a mixed use modernism style residential skyscraper under construction since 2010 in New York City United States. The residential tower will be 712 feet tall with 59 floors and will also include the construction of two new schools and 78000 square feet of retail space in addition to a Whole Foods Market. The Whole Foods supermarket and the two schools (PS 59 and High School of Art and Design) opened in the Fall of 2012.
 Tupper-Barnett House also known as Bennett House or Barnett Tupper McRae House is a house in Washington Georgia. Colonnades were added to its original Federal style architecture to convert the house into a Neoclassical mansion. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Sloat's Dam and Mill Pond is located between Waldron Terrace and Ballard Avenue in Sloatsburg New York United States. The 200-foot–long (60 m) concrete dam creates the mill pond north of it by impounding the Ramapo River.It was created by Stephen Sloat in 1792 and renovated two decades later.
 Dennis J. Murphy House at Ogden Farm is a historic house at 641 Mitchell's Lane in Middletown Rhode Island.It was built in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 The original Columbia County High School is a historic building in Lake City Florida United States located at 528 West Duval Street. It is presently the location of Columbia County School District administrative offices. It was built in 1921 and was the only high school in Columbia County. When enrollment exceeded capacity it was replaced in 1957 by a larger facility on Pennsylvania Avenue which was named Columbia High School.
 Woodland Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just outside the city of Grand Rapids Michigan United States. It comprises over 100 tenants in 1158942 square feet (107669.2 m2) of retail space with four anchor stores (JCPenney Sears Macy's Barnes & Noble) and a movie theater. The mall is owned and managed by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust who acquired it from its developer Taubman Centers in 2006.
 Summit Plantation House was built for William and Amarinthia Wilkinson in 1819 and is a relatively intact example of a modest Federal style plantation house. It is also notable as the oldest remaining house in St. Paul’s Parish. The house is a two-story frame building on a tall tabby foundation. The foundation walls are solid under the two-story portion of the house; the one-story portion is supported on brick and tabby piers.
 The DeRosay-McNamee House is an historic house at 50 Mt. Vernon Street in Cambridge Massachusetts. The 2.5 story brick house was built c. 1895-6 and is an excellent local example of Colonial Revival styling. The owner was the principal of a local brickyard.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 Rising Paper Mill is a historic factory at 295 Park Street North in the Housatonic village of Great Barrington Massachusetts. The mill was built in about 1873 for H.D. Cone and was at the time the largest paper factory in the world. Stone for its foundations was quarried at nearby Monument Mountain.
 The John Sargent House is a historic house located at 225 SW Clay St. in Topeka Kansas United States. It was built in 1882 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28 1995. The house is considered to be a leading example of Gothic Revival architecture in Kansas.
 The Myers School Timbered Lodge (32BI401) is a historic site located near Medora North Dakota. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and has historic significance relating to the year 1850. The precise address of the site is restricted.
 The McLaren Technology Centre is the headquarters of the McLaren Group located on a 500000 m² site in Woking Surrey England. It is a large roughly semi-circular glass-walled building designed by the architect Norman Foster and his company Foster and Partners. The building was short-listed for the 2005 Stirling Prize which was won by the Scottish Parliament building. About 1000 people work at the Technology Centre.
 St. Joseph Old Cathedral is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City located in downtown Oklahoma City Oklahoma United States. It was the seat of the Diocese of Oklahoma City from 1905-1931 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The church building was severely damaged during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995.
 The Chapel of St. Theresa - the Little Flower is a church located at 58 Parsons Street in Midtown Detroit Michigan. It is currently known as St. Patrick Church. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
 Vidant Medical Center (previously Pitt County Memorial Hospital) is a hospital located in Greenville North Carolina. It is the flagship teaching hospital for the Vidant Health and is affiliated with the Brody School of Medicine at East Carolina University. Vidant Medical Center is the only trauma center east of Raleigh. Vidant Medical Center is licensed for 861 beds and had 39360 admissions in fiscal year 2009.
 Allegheny Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at Altoona Blair County Pennsylvania. The furnace was built in 1811 with alterations and additions built in 1847 and 1852. The furnace went out of blast in 1817 and was not revived until 1835. It used charcoal as fuel until it was converted to coke in the 1860s. It permanently closed down in the 1870s.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
 Ferhadija Mosque (Bosnian: Ferhat-pašina džamija Turkish: Ferhad Paşa Camii) also known as Ferhat-Pasha Mosque Ferhad-Beg Vuković Mosque is a central building in the city of Sarajevo built by Bosnian Sanjak-bey (governor) Ferhad-Beg Vuković a descendant of the famous mediaeval Vuković-Desisalić family.
 The James and Hannah Atkinson House at 1510 South 1100 West in Woods Cross Utah was built in c.1870 and was modified later in c.1875 c.1900 and c.1935. Its 1999 National Register of Historic Places nomination asserted its significance for reflecting several historical styles with alterations of a historic era preserved and not modified in modern times.
 Waterville Village Historic District is a historic district on VT 109 Oakes Rd. Church St. Griffin Rd. Fox Hill Rd. Beals Hill Rd. Lapland Road in Waterville Vermont.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
 Shushrusha Citizens' Co-operative Hospital is located in Shivaji Park Mumbai foudred in 1966 by Dr. V.S. Ranadive. Shushrusha is a Hospital Co-operative initiative; Doctors' Co-operatives are long standing; the contribution of Mission Voluntary Government and Private Hospitals is well recognised.
 Surrey Memorial Hospital is a publicly funded hospital in the city of Surrey British Columbia Canada.
 The College of Medicine Building (Chinese: 医药学院大厦) is a historic building in Singapore located within the grounds of the Singapore General Hospital at Outram Park within the Bukit Merah Planning Area near Singapore's central business district.
 St John the Baptist's Church Llanrothal is a redundant Anglican church in Llanrothal Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It stands in a remote position close to the Wales–England border overlooking the River Monnow.
 The Dune Shacks of Peaked Hill Bars Historic District is a historic district that includes dune shacks that were home to American artists and writers from the 1920s - today. The historic district located in the Outer Cape towns of Provincetown and Truro comprises 1950 acres of the Cape Cod National Seashore. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
 Drake Log Cabin is a historic log cabin located at Apollo Armstrong County Pennsylvania. It was built about 1816 and is a 1 1/2-story one-room rectangular log cabin measuring 18 feet by 22 feet. It has a gable roof and interior end stone chimney. It was restored in 1971 and open to the public by its owner the Apollo Area Historical Society.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The Mt. Olive Rosenwald School on Bradley Rd. 45 in Mt. Olive Bradley County Arkansas is a wood frame Colonial Revival schoolhouse built in 1927. It is one of five buildings in the county that was funded by The Rosenwald Fund established by philanthropist Julius Rosenwald to further the education of rural African Americans.
 St Paul's Church Farington is in the village of Farington Moss Lancashire England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Leyland the archdeaconry of Blackburn and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St James Lostock Hall. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building. It was a Commissioners' church having received a grant towards its construction from the Church Building Commission.
 Rimsky-Korsakoffee House located in the Buckman neighborhood of southeast Portland Oregon in the United States is one of the city's oldest coffeehouses. Named after Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov the classical music-themed coffeehouse serves coffee and desserts operating from the former living room of a reportedly haunted 1902 Craftsman-style house.
 Hotel Sterling is a historic hotel located at Allentown Lehigh County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1889-1890 and is a three-story rectangular brick building. It is in the Romanesque Revival style with Queen Anne and Eastlake influences. It is three bays wide with a gabled parapet at the middle bay.
 The Church of All Saints which sits on a hillside above Selworthy Somerset England is a whitewashed 15th-century Church with a 14th-century tower. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.The pulpit includes a 17th-century hourglass and the iron-bound parish chest dates from the same time.
 Rock Hill Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall for York Chester and Lancaster Counties. It is located in Rock Hill South Carolina. Opened in 1991 the mall features 4 anchors (JCPenney Sears Belk and Walmart) and around 70 specialty shops. The mall is currently managed by Cypress Equities.
 The Panamericano Building is a housing construction located in the area Buceo of Montevideo Uruguay. It is located on the coast across the Port of Buceo and on the border with the neighbourhood of Pocitos.It was designed and constructed by the architect Raul A. Sichero Bouret. This building stands out by the form of its supports (in V) of double height and by its facade. It was declared a building of Municipal Interest by the Mayor of Montevideo in 1995.
 San Giovanni dei Fiorentini St John of the Florentines is a church in the Ponte rione or district of Rome. Dedicated to St John the Baptist the protector of Florence the new church for the Florentine community in Rome was started in the 16th century and completed in early 18th and is the national church of Florence in Rome. The main façade fronts onto the Via Giulia.
 The National Museum in Szczecin (Polish: Muzeum Narodowe w Szczecinie) is a museum in Szczecin Poland established on 1 August 1945. The main part of an exhibition is placed in Landed Gentry House (Polish: Pałac Sejmu Stanów Pomorskich Landeshaus) Staromłyńska 27 Street. The All five parts parts are:The Main Building of the Muzeum Narodowe w Szczecinie Wały Chrobrego 3 Street.
 The Henry C. Gale House at 495 N. 1st East Beaver Utah was built c. 1889 out of pink rock and has three additions since also in pink rock. It is believed to have been built by local Scots stonemason Alexander Boyter. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 The San Angelo Museum of Fine Arts is an art museum serving 14 counties located in San Angelo Texas. The museum features a growing permanent collection and is home to traveling exhibitions. In addition it features a research library an education wing a rooftop sculpture collection and community meeting space.
 The Joseph Bell DeRemer House is a Dutch Colonial Revival style house located on Belmont Road in the Near Southside Historic District of Grand Forks North Dakota United States. The house was built in 1906 for the architect Joseph Bell DeRemer who designed the home himself.
 Gereja Sion (Indonesian for Zion Church) is a historic church located in Pinangsia Administrative District Taman Sari Jakarta Indonesia. Dating from 1695 it is the oldest church still standing in Jakarta.
 Legionville (or Legion Ville) was the first formal basic training facility for the military of the United States. The camp which was established in 1792 under the command of Major General Anthony Wayne was near present-day Baden Pennsylvania a suburb of Pittsburgh. It was used to train the soldiers which would become the Legion of the United States.Throughout the winter of 1792-93 existing troops along with new recruits were drilled in military skills tactics and discipline.
 The Bishop-Andrews Hotel is a U.S. historic building in Greenville Florida. It is located at 109 Redding Street on U.S. 90. On June 28 1990 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building has been converted into the Grace Manor Inn a bed and breakfast house.
 Levan Farm also known as the Issac Levan Tract and Jacob Levan Farm is a historic house and farm complex located in Exeter Township Berks County Pennsylvania. The house was built in 1837 and is a two-story five bay by two bay stone dwelling in the Georgian style. It is built of fieldstone with light colored and red sandstone quoins. It has a later 1 1/2-story rear addition.
 Saint Mary's Episcopal Church is a historic church on Rushmore Avenue between Roslyn Avenue and Glen Cove Avenue in Carle Place New York.It was built in 1926 in a Tudor Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
 The Hebrew Congregation of Mountaindale Synagogue is located along Sullivan County Route 55 near the south end of the hamlet of Mountaindale New York United States. It is a small stucco building dating to 1917 expanded slightly in the 1930s. The interior is notable for its heavy use of marbleizing and other decorative touches. A 2009 traffic accident and fire caused some damage to the roof.It is the only synagogue in the county with its own mikvah or Jewish ritual bath.
 St. Elizabeths Hospital is a psychiatric hospital operated by the District of Columbia Department of Mental Health. It was the first large-scale federally run psychiatric hospital in the United States. Housing several thousand patients at its peak St. Elizabeths had a fully functioning medical-surgical unit and offered accredited internships and psychiatric residencies.
 The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Stephen is a basilica in Székesfehérvár Hungary.It was built in the late 1010s by Saint Stephen I the first King of Hungary. The basilica one of the most impressive buildings in Europe at the time of its construction was a technical miracle. It was the most significant place of the Kingdom of Hungary in the Middle Ages as it contained the crown jewels including the throne the Holy Crown of Hungary the treasury and the archives.
 The Andrews Memorial Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic style former Presbyterian church building now located at 1899 San Mateo Drive in Dunedin Florida. It was built in 1888 as the Andrews Memorial Church on the corner of Scotland Street and Highland Avenue. Its name was carried over from an 1871 Presbyterian church located where the Dunedin Cemetery is now and commemorates William Andrews son of John G.
 Sugar Creek Covered Bridge is a covered bridge which crosses Sugar Creek southeast of Chatham Illinois. The Burr truss bridge is 110 feet (34 m) long and 30 feet (9.1 m) wide. The bridge was constructed by Thomas Black; sources disagree on the date of construction placing it at either 1827 or 1880. The State of Illinois acquired the bridge in 1963 and extensively renovated it two years later. The bridge closed to traffic in 1984 and is now part of a local park with a picnic area.
 Peter Pierce Store is an historic store on N. Main and Jackson Streets in Middleborough Massachusetts.The store was built in 1825 and added to the National Historic Register in 1976. It presently houses the Middleborough Police Department.
 Easton House also known as the Bachmann Publick House and George Taylor's Easton Property is a historic inn and tavern located at Easton Northampton County Pennsylvania. It was built in 1754 and is a 2 3/4 story rubble limestone building with squared corners in the Georgian style. It was expanded by George Taylor (c. 1716-1781) in 1765 who used it as a residence and tavern. A red clay brick addition was built in 1828.
 Peel Castle is a castle in Peel Isle of Man originally constructed by Vikings. The castle stands on St Patrick's Isle which is connected to the town by causeway. It is now owned by Manx National Heritage and is open to visitors during the summer.The castle was built in the 11th century by the Vikings under the rule of King Magnus Barelegs. While there were older stone Celtic monastic buildings on the island the first Viking fortifications were built of wood.
 Our Lady of Chaldeans Cathedral is a Chaldean Catholic cathedral located in Southfield Michigan United States. It is the seat for the Eparchy of St. Thomas the Apostle of Detroit.
 The Goat Farm Arts Center is a hybrid project that assembles art performance science design and technology entities in developments that simultaneously operate as centers for contemporary art and performance. The center is housed in a 19th-century complex of industrial buildings and contains the studio space for over 450 artists performers designers researchers creative entities and small tech start-ups.
 The Confederate Memorial Gates in Mayfield are historical monuments that represent the entrance to Maplewood Cemetery in Mayfield Kentucky. The monuments were the second monument in Mayfield the United Daughters of the Confederacy established the first being the Confederate Memorial in Mayfield in downtown Mayfield. The Gates were the third choice for monuments chosen mostly due to their relative low cost.
 Indian Mission School also known as the Nanticoke Indian Center is a historic school building located in Millsboro Sussex County Delaware. It was built in after 1948 after the original school was destroyed by fire. It is a one-story stuccoed masonry building with a gable roof. It features a concrete block covered entrance.
 The Wilderness is a historic home located near Catonsville Baltimore County Maryland. It is a large stone and frame house located in a wooded setting west of Catonsville. The original home was built about 1800 and it attained its current appearance following a major expansion in 1899-1900 when it was a summer residence of Francis Cumberland Dugan II (1830-1914). It features multiple roof and dormer shapes and a wraparound porch reminiscent of the Queen Anne style.
 National Bank of Whittier Building is a historic building in uptown Whittier California. Built in 1923 by John and David Parkinson in the Beaux Arts Neoclassical architecture style the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The current building is the best remaining example of the Beaux Arts style in the City. The building is of national significance as it was the site of Richard M. Nixon's first law office.
 Western Maryland College Historic District is a national historic district at Westminster Carroll County Maryland United States. It is situated within the confines of the present 100-plus acre college campus of McDaniel College and comprises an area of about three acres at its southeast corner. It includes six of the college's earliest surviving buildings and structures: Alumni Hall Carroll Hall Levine Hall The President's House Little Baker Chapel and the Ward Memorial Arch.
 The Dunfee House also known as the Dunfee Residence in Syracuse New York was built in 1914. Along with the Sanford House across the street and other Ward Wellington Ward-designed homes it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.The house is listed for its architecture.
 Hôtel Le Bristol is a five star hotel located in Paris France at 112 rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré. The hotel is located in the heart of the fashion design and art district. Hôtel Le Bristol opened in 1925 and is famous for its historic architecture and luxurious interior.The hotel is part of the Oetker Collection Masterpiece Hotels which is owned by one of Europe's richest families the Oetkers founded by Rudolf August Oetker.
 The Phoenicia Railroad Station is located on High Street just south of Phoenicia New York United States. It is a frame building dating to the end of the 19th century.It was built by the Ulster and Delaware Railroad to replace an earlier station serving primarily the patrons of hotels in the surrounding Catskill Mountains. It remained in use throughout the 20th century as the Ulster and Delaware eventually was absorbed into the New York Central Railroad.
 Rameyen Castle (Dutch: Hof van Rameyen) is a castle on a lake in Gestel part of the municipality of Berlaar in the province of Antwerp Belgium. It was once owned by Nicolaas Rubens second son of Peter Paul Rubens.
 The Church of St Edward King and Martyr in Goathurst Somerset England dates from the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.The parish was originally part of the Royal Forest of North Petherton and its first squire owned St Edward's church.
 Ross Park Mall is an upscale shopping mall located in Ross Township Pennsylvania north of Pittsburgh. The mall houses nearly 160 retailers including anchor stores JCPenney Macy's Nordstrom and Sears. An outdoor lifestyle component complements the enclosed center and features such names as California Pizza Kitchen The Cheesecake Factory Crate & Barrel and L.L.Bean.
 Design Museum is a museum founded in 1989 located by the River Thames near Tower Bridge in central London England. The museum covers product industrial graphic fashion and architectural design. In 2007 the museum was listed by The Times newspaper as number two in their top five museums of the year.Deyan Sudjic is the current Director of the museum. He succeeded Alice Rawsthorn in 2006.
 Ullsfjord Church (Norwegian: Ullsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Sjursnes on the eastern shore of the Ullsfjorden. The church is part of the Ullsfjord parish in the Tromsø arch-deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1862 and it seats about 300 people. The building was designed by the architect Christian Heinrich Grosch.
 The Nymphus Hinckley House is a historic house at 38 Bay Street in the Osterville village of Barnstable Massachusetts. The 1-1/2 story Cape cottage was built c. 1780 and is a well-preserved Federal style structure on a property that also has a period barn. Located just outside Osterville village it is five bays wide and has a centered entry with a five-pane transom window. The windows and entry butt directly against the eaves.
 Moi Center is a complex of three buildings in Shenyang China.
 The John R. Hays House is located on Maple Street in Walden New York. Hayes a prominent local businessman of the late 19th century and officer in the 124th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the Civil War built it in a Second Empire style.It has been largely unaltered since its original construction. In 2002 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
 The Michigan Union is a student union at the University of Michigan. It is located at the intersection of South State Street and South University Avenue in Ann Arbor Michigan. The building was built in 1917 and is one of several unions at the University of Michigan.
 The Odd Fellows Rest Cemetery in New Orleans Louisiana was founded in 1849. It includes Renaissance architecture and Exotic Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and the listing included one contributing building and one contributing site.
 Chilcombe Camera was a priory in Dorset England.
 Michel Richard Citronelle was an American restaurant located in Georgetown Washington D.C. in the Latham Hotel. The chef and owner of Michel Richard Citronelle is Michel Richard who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Outstanding Chef.
 The Thrissur Town Hall is an imposing building situated in Thrissur city of Kerala State of India. It was constructed during the Dewanship of RK Shanmughom Chetti and contains the Archaeological Museum and Picture Gallery where mural paintings from all parts of the Kerala are copied and exhibited.
 The Church of St. Clare is a former Roman Catholic parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York located at West 36th Street in Manhattan New York City. The parish was established in 1903 and was formerly staffed by the Franciscan Friars; the parish is now closed.
 Elizabeth Castle is a castle and tourist attraction on a tidal island within the parish of Saint Helier Jersey. Construction was started in the 16th century when the power of cannon meant that the existing stronghold at Mont Orgueil was insufficient to defend the Island and the port of St. Helier was vulnerable to attack by ships armed with cannon.It is named after Elizabeth I who was the queen of England around the time the castle was built.
 Sha're Mubarak Masjid (literally: Blessed Hair Grand Mosque) is proposed mosque in Calicut Kerala state south India under the Markaz by Kanthapuram A. P. Aboobacker Musalyar. It is proposed along with Knowledge City on 12 acre land and is said to accommodate about 25000 people at an estimated cost of about 400 million.It is said to be based on the Mughal architectural style.and follow the green building concept .
 The Everett Carnegie Library is a library building located in Everett Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The National Shrine of Our Lady of Fatima (Filipino: Pambansang Dambana ng Birhen ng Fatima) is a Philippine apostolate of Our Lady of Fatima in Fátima Portugal which is recognized by the Philippine Roman Catholic Church. The shrine is located inside the Our Lady of Fatima University campus in Marulas Valenzuela City. The shrine is declared as one of the three major pilgrimage site aside from the National Shrine of St. Anne in Hagonoy and the National Shrine of Divine Mercy in Marilao.
 The Stephen and Harriet Myers House is located on Livingston Avenue in Albany New York United States. It is a Greek Revival townhouse built in the mid-19th century. In 2004 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Stephen and Harriet Myers Residence.
 The Grand Wailea Resort & Spa is a 40-acre Waldorf-Astoria luxury resort located on the beach in Wailea Maui. Originally a Four Seasons Hotels & Resorts it is now operated by Hilton Worldwide. It was the first hotel to join Hilton's Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts in 2006 after the Manhattan hotel became a brand. It is the second largest hotel on the island of Maui and is one of Hawaii's most well known resorts.
 Gage and Tollner was a restaurant on Fulton Street in Downtown Brooklyn. It had been in business since 1879 and in the same location since 1892 until it closed on February 14 2004. The Brownstone where it was housed has been in existence since 1875.
 Westover Church is a historic church located 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Charles City off Virginia State Route 5 in Charles City Virginia. It was built in 1731 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.Theodorick Bland of Westover Walter Aston and William Byrd I are buried near the original site of the Westover Church. The tomb of Benjamin Harrison IV has also been reported to be on the grounds.
 L'Avenue is a mixed-use skyscraper complex under construction in Montreal Quebec Canada. It will be located across from the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal on Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montréal between de la Montagne Street and Drummond Street.The tower will consist of 350 condos with a hotel and/or office space making up the lower floors.As of February 2014 the project has been approved by the city and is 75% sold.
 Marina Bay Suites is a condominium currently under construction located in Marina Bay Singapore. It is one of six towers of the Marina Bay Financial Centre. It will be developed by Keppel Land Cheung Kong Holdings and Hongkong Land. When completed it will stand at 227 m (745 ft) with 66 floors making it Singapore's 14th tallest tower. It will consist of 108 3-bedroom units (1572sqft to 1604sqft) 110 4-bedroom units (2045sqft to 2695sqft) and 3 penthouses (4682sqft to 8181sqft).
 The Cheshire County Courthouse located at 12 Court St. in Keene New Hampshire is the center of government of Cheshire County New Hampshire. Construction on the courthouse began in 1858 and it was first used in 1859.
 The Isaac Bell House in Newport Rhode Island also known as Edna Villa is one of the outstanding examples of Shingle Style architecture in the United States. It was built during the Gilded Age when Newport was the summer resort of choice for America's wealthiest families.
 Bunker Tower is a native rubble stone building serving as an observation tower on Cheaha Mountain in Cleburne County Alabama's Cheaha State Park. The tower is located on Cheaha's tallest peak. At 2407 feet (734 m) above sea level it is the highest point in Alabama. The tower built in a rustic architectural style was completed in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.
 Buxton Museum and Art Gallery focuses its collection on history geology and archaeology.The museum is located at Terrace Road Buxton England. The museum opens every day except Mondays. Admission is free. The building was erected in 1880 and originally served as the Peak Hydropathic Hotel. During the First World War the Red Cross used it to care for wounded Canadian soldiers. The Buxton Free Public Library & Museum moved into the building in 1928 leaving the Town Hall.
 The Church of St. Laurence is a Roman Catholic parish church in Cambridge UK. It is part of the Diocese of East Anglia within the Province of Westminster. It is part of the Cambridge Deanery and is one of the three parishes serving the city of Cambridge the other two being Our Lady and the English Martyrs and St. Philip Howard.
 Aspire Parramatta (also referred to as Aspire Tower or simply Aspire) is a proposed supertall skyscraper located in Parramatta New South Wales Australia a centerpiece of the Parramatta Square development.
 Walton Grange No. 1454 is a historic Grange building located at Walton in Delaware County New York United States.It consists of a two-story administration building with an attached gable roofed drill shed. In 1939 the building was acquired and converted for use as a Grange hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 as Walton Grange #1454-Former Armory.The Walton Armory a National Guard armory built in 1896 is located next to the grange building.
 The Lantz-Zeigler House is a historic home located at Hagerstown Washington County Maryland United States. The house consists of a two-story stone main section built in 1800 with a two-story perpendicular ell to the rear. Also on the property are a stone outbuilding a horse barn and the site of a stone bridge built in 1824.The Lantz-Zeigler House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
 Goodale's Cutoff formed a spur of the Oregon Trail beginning in Idaho United States. The cutoff left the trail near Fort Hall crossed the Snake River Plain to the Lost River and then turned west to the area of Boise crossing Camas Prairie. It rejoined the main trail from Ditto Creek to Boise then ran to the north of the main trail crossing the Snake River into Oregon at Brownlee's Ferry.
 Bucharest Tower Center usually shortened BTC is a class A office building in Bucharest. It has 26 floors and a surface of 31000 sqm.It is located near Victory Square or 1 Mai zone. At a height of 106.3 metres it is also the second tallest building in Bucharest as well as in Romania.
 The Dirksen Senate Office Building is the second office building constructed for members of the United States Senate in Washington D.C. and was named for the late Minority Leader Everett Dirksen from Illinois in 1972.
 The Pacific Gas & Electric Building is a 150 m (490 ft) skyscraper located at 77 Beale- and Mission-streets in the financial district of San Francisco California. Completed in 1971 the 34 story building is headquarters for Pacific Gas and Electric Company the main utility provider for Northern California and has been host to a nesting pair of Peregrine Falcons since 1987.
 The Farrar Distillery is a 19th-century distillery in Noah Tennessee about 11 miles (18 km) north of Manchester.The distillery is located on a family farm that dates to 1869 when Alexander Farrar purchased a tract of 103 acres (42 ha). He expanded the farm in 1875 when he acquired an additional 30 acres (12 ha). In addition to producing wheat corn small grains and livestock on the farm Farrar established the distillery producing and selling corn whiskey and apple and peach brandy.
 Kaishan Temple (simplified Chinese: 开善寺; traditional Chinese: 開善寺; pinyin: Kāi Shàn Sì) is a Buddhist temple located in Xincheng village near Gaobeidian Hebei Province China. The temple was first founded in the Tang Dynasty and grew large and important in the subsequent centuries until declining in recent centuries. In the 20th century the most important hall of the temple Daxiongbao Hall dating from 1033 of the Liao Dynasty was used as both a school and as a granary.
 Mount Pleasant Armory was a historic National Guard armory located at Mount Pleasant Westmoreland County Pennsylvania. It was designed by W.G. Wilkins Co.. It was built in 1906 and was a two-story T-shaped brick building executed in the Romanesque style. It had a flat roof over the administrative section and a gambrel roof over the drill hall.It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. The armory was demolished in 1996.
 The Yosemite Valley Bridges are eight bridges in the Yosemite Valley of Yosemite National Park most of them spanning the Merced River. Five of them were built in 1928 with the remainder built between 1921 and 1933. The bridges feature a concrete structure faced with local stone in an elliptical or three-centered arch configuration. They are notable for their uniform character and for their conformance to tenets of the National Park Service rustic style.
 The former Vassar Home for Aged Men is located at Main and Vassar streets in Poughkeepsie New York United States. It is just across the street from the architecturally similar Vassar Institute and both buildings are credited to architect J.A. Wood. In the 1970s it became the Cunneen-Hackett Arts Center.It was established in the 1880s by the nephews of Matthew Vassar founder of Vassar College as a home for elderly men but was not fully occupied until the early 20th century.
 The Harry F. Sinclair House is a mansion at 2 East 79th Street at Fifth Avenue Manhattan New York City that houses the Ukrainian Institute of America which promotes art and literature by hosting exhibitions open to public among other means.
 The Phuthadikobo Museum is a historic building of exceptional architectural interest and the museum has a range of interesting displays a craft shop and a silkscreen printing workshop which are unique to Africa. It is a museum cultural centre and silkscreen workshop all forming one successful community development programme – providing all its participants with a sense of pride independence and a place to learn and work since 1975.
 The Ormond Plantation House or Ormond Plantation/Ormond Plantation Manor House is a French West Indies style Creole plantation house located in Destrehan St. Charles Parish Louisiana. The manor house was built using bricks between cypress studs. This type of construction is called Briquettes Entre Poteaux or Brick Between Posts on the front and rear walls and a type of adobe filling on the sidewalls.
 Snape Priory was a priory in Suffolk England.
 Burgruine Kollmitz is a castle in Lower Austria Austria.
 The Raphael Semmes House also known as the Horta-Semmes House is a historic residence in Mobile Alabama. It is best known for having been the home of Admiral Raphael Semmes captain of the Confederate sloop-of-war CSS Alabama. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 26 1970.
 Mease Dunedin Hospital is a hospital in Dunedin Florida.
 Ferger Place Historic District in Chattanooga Tennessee was founded in 1910 as the first gated community south of the Mason-Dixon line. Founded by two wealthy investors the Ferger Brothers Ferger Place attracted higher class families including wealthy businessmen and Government officials. Off of main street in east downtown Chattanooga this 240 acre neighborhood includes a wide spectrum of architectural styles of homes and welcomes newcomers to its safety oriented community.
 The Parish Church of St Michael's & All Angels is a Grade II* listed parish church in Llantarnam near Cwmbran Torfaen Wales.
 Cressing Preceptory was a Knights Templar monastic house in Essex England.
 Frederick Memorial Hospital is the only hospital in Frederick County Maryland. It is located in in the city of Frederick.
 The New Jersey Naval Museum (NJNM) located along the Hackensack River in Hackensack New Jersey is dedicated to New Jersey's Navy heritage and naval history in general. The prominent element in the collection is the USS Ling (SS-297) a 312-foot (95 m) long Balao-class submarine of World War II.
 Silkville is a ghost town in Williamsburg Township Franklin County Kansas United States. Its elevation is 1161 feet (354 m) and it is located at 38°27′0″N 95°29′21″W (38.4500149 -95.4891477) along U.S. Route 50 southwest of Williamsburg.
 Hassop Hall is a 17th-century country house near Bakewell Derbyshire which is now operated as a hotel. It is a Grade II* listed building.
 The Kaohsiung Museum of Labor (Chinese: 高雄市勞工博物館; pinyin: Gāoxióngshì Láogōng Bówùguǎn) is a museum about labor in Yancheng Kaohsiung Taiwan. The museum is located at the Pier-2 Art Center.
 Brisbane Powerhouse is an arts and cultural hub located in the Brisbane suburb of New Farm Queensland Australia. The venue offers an array of performing arts visual arts festivals and free community events.The first stage of the New Farm Powerhouse was built in 1927-28 as part of the growing need for Powerhouses for the Brisbane Trams. The power station began operations in 1928 was decommissioned in 1971. It was renovated and re-opened as a modern entertainment hub in 2000.
 Fort D. A. Russell also known as Fort Francis E. Warren Francis E. Warren Air Force Base and Fort David A. Russell was a post and base of operations for the United States Army and later the Air Force located in Cheyenne Wyoming. The fort had been established in 1867 to protect workers for the Union Pacific Railroad. It was named in honor of David Allen Russell a Civil War general killed at the Battle of Opequon. In 1930 the fort's name was changed to Fort Francis E. Warren.
 The Captain David Pugh House is a historic 19th century Federal style residence on the Cacapon River in the unincorporated community of Hooks Mills in Hampshire County West Virginia United States. It is also known by its current farm name Riversdell. It is a 2 1/2 story frame dwelling built in 1835. It sits on a stone foundation and has a 2 1/2 story addition built in 1910. The front facade features a centered porch with shed roof supported by two Tuscan order columns.
 Mission Health based in Asheville North Carolina is the state’s sixth-largest health system and the western North Carolina ’s only not-for-profit independent community hospital system governed and managed exclusively in western North Carolina.Mission Health which traces its roots in the region back to 1885 operates six hospitals numerous outpatient and surgery centers home health provider CarePartners and the region’s only dedicated Level II trauma center.
 The Lindheimer House is located in the city of New Braunfels county of Comal in the U.S. state of Texas. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Comal County Texas in 1970 and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1936. The house is currently owned and run as a museum by the New Braunfels Conservation Society.
 The John Davis House in Fayetteville North Carolina was built in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
 In 2013 the Royal Military College of Canada is celebrating the 50th anniversary of the two small devotional chapels in Yeo Hall which were installed in 1963. With a view to encourage and enhance their spiritual well-being the Protestant and Royal Catholic Chaplains cadets and staff use the Chapels. Gifts to the chapels have been made by successive generations of cadets and ex-cadets.
 Santa Maria Podone is a small church in central Milan Italy. A church on the site was first established in 871 it was a donation by a nobleman by the Surname of Podone; henceforth its name. The church we see today is the result of later construction. For example the facade was designed by Fabio Mangone from 1628 to 1634 with the two tall Corinthian pilasters. The portico was added in later centuries.
 The Cold Spring Presbyterian Church located on U.S. Route 9 in the Cold Spring section of Cape May in Cape May County New Jersey United States is a historic two-story church on the National Register of Historic Places. The current church building known as Old Brick was constructed in 1823 by Thomas H. Hughes who was also the architect of Congress Hall in Cape May New Jersey.
 East Gate Square is a shopping center complex located along the border between Moorestown and Mount Laurel in New Jersey. East Gate Square is adjacent to the Moorestown Mall and it is accessible from Interstate 295 Route 38 and Route 73.The shopping complex consists of six buildings with a total of 888842 square feet (82576.1 m2) of retail space. The six shopping centers were developed by BPG Properties between 1992 and 2002 and the first one opened in 1993.
 Bodmin Community Hospital run by Peninsular Community Healthcare for the NHS is a relatively small hospital in Bodmin Cornwall United Kingdom and offers a number of in-patient beds.The hospital also has a minor injury unit X-ray department and a range of outpatient clinics are also held on site. Bodmin NHS Treatment Centre run by Ramsay Health Care opened in January 2006.
 The Queen Victoria Hospital located in East Grinstead West Sussex England is the specialist reconstructive surgery centre for the south east of England and also provides services at clinics across the region. It has become world famous for its pioneering burns and plastic surgery. The hospital was named after Queen Victoria.
 Hogshaw Nunnery was a nunnery in Hogshaw Buckinghamshire England. In the 15th century it became the Hogshaw Commandery associated with the Knights Templar.
 Clifton is a historic house located in the West End of Davenport Iowa United States. The Italianate Greek Revival residence has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1979.
 The Birthplace of Ronald Reagan also known as the Graham Building is located in an apartment on the second floor of a late 19th-century commercial building in Tampico Illinois United States. The building was built in 1896 and housed a tavern from that time until 1915. On February 6 1911 the future 40th President of the United States Ronald Reagan was born in the apartment there the family moving into a house in Tampico a few months later.
 Örebro University Hospital (Swedish: Universitetssjukhuset Örebro USÖ) is a university hospital in Örebro Sweden.The hospital is operated by Örebro County Council and took its current name in 2000 having previously been called Örebro Regional Hospital. Örebro University which was awarded full university status in 1999 and the County Council have long tried to establish a governmentally funded medical school in Örebro in collaboration with the hospital.
 Men's Hall also known as Boreman Hall South is a historic dormitory associated with the West Virginia University and located at Morgantown Monongalia County West Virginia. It was built in 1935 and is a five-story E-shaped red brick building with Classical Revival detailing. It sits on a reinforced concrete foundation and has a slate covered gable roof. When documented in 1989 it housed 350 students in 329 rooms. It was the first dormitory built for men on campus.
 Emmanuel Baptist Church is located in downtown Alexandria Louisiana. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21 2001.The building was designed by Favrot & Reed.A family life center was added to Emmanuel in the late 1970s under the leadership of then pastor Schuyler M. Batson (1923–1996). It was built by Buddy Tudor's family-owned construction company in Pineville.
 Augustus Lutheran Church built during 1743-1745 in Trappe Pennsylvania is the oldest unchanged Lutheran church building in the United States in continuous use by the same congregation.The church which cost 200 pounds sterling was designed by Heinrich Melchior Mühlenberg. All of the interior fittings except for the English-made pulpit were fabricated from local materials.
 The Mémorial de Caen is a museum and war memorial in Caen Normandy France commemorating the Second World War and the Battle for Caen. The building and grounds are located in the northern suburbs of the city of Caen on the site of an old blockhouse. The architect was Jacques Millet and the original curator was Yves Degraine.The memorial is dedicated to the history of violence and intensive outstanding conflict in the 20th Century and particularly World War II.
 Jama Masjid (also Jami Masjid; meaning public mosque) in Champaner Gujarat state western India is part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is among the 114 monuments there which are listed by the Baroda Heritage Trust. It is located about 150 feet (46 m) east of the city walls (Jahdnpandh) near the east gate.
 The Confederate Soldiers Martyrs Monument in Eminence Kentucky notes the burial spot of three Confederate prisoners who were shot while imprisoned. The names of the victims were William Datbor William Tighe and R. W. Yates.
 The Toitū Otago Settlers Museum is a regional history museum in Dunedin New Zealand. Its brief covers the territory of the old Otago Province that is New Zealand from the Waitaki River south though less emphasis is given to the area which later became the Southland Region. It is New Zealand's oldest and most extensive history museum.
 The Club Quarters Hotel is a 16-story 61.6 m (202 ft) Beaux-Arts high-rise at 710 Fannin Street in downtown Houston Texas USA. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places under its former name the Texas State Hotel.
 Edgewood Plantation is an estate located north of the James River in Charles City County Virginia. It is located along State Route 5 a scenic byway which runs between the independent cities of Richmond and Williamsburg. Edgewood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
 Klosterruine Arnoldstein is a castle in Carinthia Austria.
 Kåfjord Church (Norwegian: Kåfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Gáivuotna–Kåfjord in Troms county Norway. It is located in the village of Olderdalen. The church is part of the Kåfjord parish in the Nord-Troms deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1949 and it seats about 250 people.
 The WWII/Korea LVT Museum is located in a Quonset hut style building at Camp Del Mar Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton California near the Assault Amphibian School Battalion Training Command. It houses exhibits on landing vehicles tracked (LVT)s from World War II and the Korean War including six vintage models used by the U. S. Marine Corps. The museum highlights the service of the Alligator Marines during the amphibious assaults of World War II and the Korean War.
 Our Lady of Jasna Gora Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Clinton Massachusetts United States. Founded 1913. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.Merged July 1 2010 to form St John the Guardian of Our Lady Clinton.
 The Linden Avenue School in the Point Breeze neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania is a building from 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.The building now houses the elementary school section of Lincoln Technology Academy a city magnet school.
 Cargill House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County New York. It was built about 1852 and is an elegant L-shaped Greek Revival–style brick dwelling. It features a 2-story three-bay side-hall main block with a pedimented gable oriented toward the street. Also on the property is a 1 1⁄2-story carriage barn two cut-stone hitching posts and a spring-fed pond.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 The parish of Christ Church Shelton and Oxon lies within the Diocese of Lichfield in the County of Shropshire UK. The church was built in 1854 by Edward Haycock Snr in Early English style with many lancet features. It is located on Welshpool Road in what is now suburban Shrewsbury and is a Grade II listed building. The exterior has rubble walls with ashlar dressings. There is a bellcote and a gabled porch.
 Wheaton Bible Church is an independent megachurch located in West Chicago Illinois. Until 2008 the church was located in Wheaton Illinois and retained the geographically-oriented name when it relocated to a new campus.
 The Gust Brothers' Store is located in Baraboo Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 The Smithfield Exchange Bank (also known as the Resolved Waterman Tavern or Greenville Tavern) built in 1822 is located on Putnam Pike in Greenville Rhode Island in the town of Smithfield Rhode Island.
 Fish Creek Dam in Blaine County Idaho is an aging concrete dam that has achieved historic status and now represents some threat to public safety due to danger of it failing. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It is a 92 foot high concrete dam that is 1700 feet long blocking Fish Creek in the lower ranges of the Pioneer Mountains. Located 11 miles northeast of Carey Idaho the dam was completed in 1923. It was a work of John S.
 The New Daisy Theatre is an all-ages venue located at 330 Beale Street in Memphis Tennessee.
 The Grand Ditch also known as the Grand River Ditch and originally known as the North Grand River Ditch is a water diversion project in the Never Summer Mountains in northern Colorado (United States). It is 14.3 miles (23.0 km) long 20 feet (6.1 m) wide and 3 feet (0.91 m) deep on average.
 The Stanton-Davis Homestead Museum formerly known as the Robert Stanton House is the oldest house in Stonington Connecticut. The house was built by Thomas Stanton one of the founders of Stonington beginning in 1670 with additions made in 1700. The property has been a working farm for over 350 years. On October 24 1764 Robert Stanton great-grandson of Thomas Stanton the Indian interpreter put up the farm as collateral on a debt.
 St Michael's Church Michaelchurch is a redundant Anglican church in Michaelchurch Herefordshire England. It is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It is located in an isolated position in a field some 5 miles (8 km) to the west of Ross-on-Wye. The church is notable for its 13th-century wall paintings and the presence of a reconstructed Roman altar.
 Northern Correctional Institution is a high-security state prison in Somers in the northern part of the U.S. state of Connecticut. The prison houses the state's male death row inmates and convicts serving long sentences for violent crimes.
 The Edward Alexander Kelley Hackett House is a historic Craftsman-style house in the Pico-Union neighborhood of Los Angeles California. Built in 1901 the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in May 2003 based on its well-preserved Craftsman architecture.
 The Western Australian Museum is the state museum for Western Australia. It has six main sites: in Perth within the Perth Cultural Centre two in Fremantle (Maritime and Shipwreck Galleries) and one each in Albany Geraldton and Kalgoorlie-Boulder. The Western Australian Museum is a statutory authority within the Culture and the Arts Portfolio established under the Museum Act 1969.
 The Hauge Log Church is located in the community of Daleyville Wisconsin in the town of Perry Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
 The Dayton Art Institute (DAI) is a museum of fine arts in Dayton Ohio USA. The Dayton Art Institute was rated one of the top 10 best art museums in the United States for kids. The museum also ranks in the top 3% of all art museums in North America in 3 of 4 factors. In 2007 the art institute saw 303834 visitors.
 Mount Lebanon Chapel and Cemetery (Lebanon Chapel) is a historic chapel and cemetery at SR 1411 in Wrightsville Beach North Carolina.It was built in 1835 and added to the National Register in 1986.
 Beyazid II Külliye Health Museum is in Edirne Turkey. A külliye is an Ottoman architectural concept that designates a complex of buildings centered around a mosque and Bayezid II Külliye was built in 1488 by the Ottoman sultan Bayezid II (reigned 1481–1512).The complex contains a darüşşifa (hospital medical center) and it remained in operation for four hundred years as of 1488 until the Russo-Turkish War (1877-1878).
 US Bank Tower formerly Library Tower and First Interstate Bank World Center is a 1018-foot (310 m) skyscraper at 633 West Fifth Street in downtown Los Angeles California. It is the tallest building in California the tenth tallest in the United States the tallest west of the Mississippi River and the 56th tallest building in the world by pinnacle height.
 Truro Town Hall formerly Union Hall is the town hall of Truro Massachusetts. It is located on Town Hall Road east of Massachusetts Route 6. The two story wood frame building was built in 1848 to serve as a meeting place for several fraternal organizations including the International Order of Odd Fellows and the Sons of Temperance. It served these organizations for only a few years and was rented by the town for town meetings for a time before being purchased by the town.
 The Brice House is along with the Hammond-Harwood House and the William Paca House one of three similar preserved 18th century Georgian style brick houses in Annapolis Maryland. Like the Paca and Hammond-Harwood houses it is a five-part brick mansion with a large central block and flanking pavilions with connecting hyphens. Of the three the Brice House's exterior is the most austere giving its brickwork particular prominence.
 Serkadji prison is a high-security prison in Algiers Algeria; in 1995 about two-thirds of the 1500 prisoners detained there have been accused or convicted of terrorism.
 The House at 215 Brookline Street in Newton Massachusetts is one of the oldest houses in the city. The oldest portion of the 2 1/2 story saltbox house was built c. 1693 by Thomas Hastings who was prominent in the civic affairs of the area. The house uncharacteristically faces north (when typical period houses faced south) and exhibits simple but high quality Georgian styling.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
 Lima is a restaurant in London United Kingdom which serves Peruvian cuisine. The chef patron is Virgilio Martínez Véliz. In 2014 it was awarded a Michelin star the first time a restaurant serving this cuisine had been awarded a star in Europe.
 The Old City Hall and Engine House is a historic municipal building at Annapolis Anne Arundel County Maryland United States. It is a 2 1⁄2-story three bay brick building built 1821–1822 by the City of Annapolis. It was the first structure erected by the city for municipal purposes. On the first floor was the fire station with a meeting room for the town council above.
 The Pyramid Peak Aircraft Warning Service Lookout was built in the fall of 1942 in Olympic National Park to function as a spotter station guarding against intrusions by Japanese aircraft during World War II. The single-story frame structure is located on the southern side of Pyramid Peak. Funded by the U.S. Army it was built by National Park Service employees Joe and Rena Shurnick as one of thirteen such sites within the present Olympic National Park.
 Etonbury Castle was a castle in the town of Arlesey located near the road to Baldock in the county of Bedfordshire England (grid reference TL192379).An ancient timber castle attributed to the Danes Etonbury Castle had a ringwork and one or two baileys. The site was destroyed by a railway leading through it. Only cropmarks and some earthworks remain.
 The House at 20 Lawrence Street in Wakefield Massachusetts is a complex residential structure with elements of Queen Anne Stick style and Colonial Revival style. The 2.5 story house was built in the 1880s and follows a traditional L plan with decorative shingle work and Stick style decorative woodwork. The wraparound porch has been partially enclosed.The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 St Laurence and All Saints is a Grade I listed medieval church in the parish of Eastwood Essex England which has been under threat from plans to expand London Southend Airport.The church has been described as one of the finest and most important small medieval churches in South Essex and of exceptional architectural archaeological and historical significance.
 The Dellville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Dellville in Wheatfield Township Perry County Pennsylvania United States. It is a 174-foot-long (53 m) three span Burr truss bridge over Sherman Creek constructed in 1889.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
 St. Patrick's Parish Complex is a historic church building with associated rectory and cemetery located at Northfield Church and Whitmore Lake Roads in Ann Arbor Michigan. The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976. The complex is significant both because of its historical association with the early Irish Catholics in the area and because of the architecturally important Gothic revival church.
 Edward W. Morley House in West Hartford Connecticut was the home of the scientist Edward W. Morley from 1906 to 1923. Morley is famous for his collaboration with Albert A. Michelson on the Michelson-Morley experiment and for his work on the atomic weights of hydrogen and oxygen.The house located at 26 Westland Avenue in West Hartford was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
 The Church of the Holy Trinity in Burrington Somerset England is from the 15th century and was restored in 1884. It is a Grade I listed building.The tower is square with diagonal buttresses but joins somewhat uncomfortably with the nave. It dates from the early 14th century. It contains a bell dating from 1713 and made by Edward Bilbie of the Bilbie family.The rest of the church is all late Perpendicular.
 Peachfield is located in Westampton Township Burlington County New Jersey United States. The house was built in 1725 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 19 1973.The house is owned by The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America in the State of New Jersey and is operated as a historic house museum that is open for special events and by appointment.
 Morey Mansion is an 1890 Victorian house in Redlands California United States.
 The Weizer Building at 11801 Buckeye Rd. in Cleveland Ohio was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. It is a Beaux Arts style building.
 Crown Hill National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Indianapolis in Marion County Indiana. It encompasses 1.4 acres (0.57 ha) of Crown Hill Cemetery and as of the end of 2005 had 795 interments. It is administered by the Marion National Cemetery.
 The Lighthouse Project officially named The Lighthouse at Long Island was a proposed transformation of the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum and the area surrounding it into a modern suburban area. The project was first introduced by New York Islanders owner Charles Wang. The base of the project was a newly renovated Coliseum for the New York Islanders to play in.
 John D. Rockefeller Jr. gave the precursor to Acadia National Park much of its land. Like many rusticators Rockefeller whose family fortune was derived from the petroleum industry wanted to keep the island free of automobiles; but local governments allowed the entry of automobiles on the island's roads. Rockefeller constructed approximately 45 miles of carriage roads around the eastern half of the island.
 The Apollo Theater at 253 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Frederick Douglass Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan New York City is a music hall which is a noted venue for African-American performers.
 The Hôtel-Dieu de Paris (French pronunciation: ​[ɔtɛl djø də paʁi]) is regarded as the oldest hospital in the city of Paris France and is the most central of the Assistance publique - hôpitaux de Paris (AP-HP) hospitals. The hospital is associated with the Faculté de Médecine Paris-Descartes. It still resides on the bank of the Île de la Cité next to Notre-Dame connected to the Rive Gauche by the pont au Double.
 Stockton Methodist Church is a historic church on the east side Hwy. 59 in Stockton Alabama. It was built in 1929 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
 The Long Island Museum of American Art History and Carriages informally known as the Long Island Museum is an open air museum located in Stony Brook New York. Founded in 1939 as the Museums at Stony Brook it changed its name in 2000. It is known for its collection of over 200 carriages and its extensive collection of work by the Hudson River School painter William Sidney Mount and over 4000 other paintings sculptures and prints. In 2006 it became a Smithsonian affiliate.
 The Landmark is a postmodern supertall skyscraper in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates. The mixed-use project stands 324 metres (1063 ft) tall with 72 floors above ground and five basement levels. The skyscraper was completed in 2012.
 Sorya Shopping Center (Khmer: ផ្សារទំនើបសូរិយា) is the largest modern shopping complex in Phnom Penh Cambodia. With an area of 40000 square meters it has eight stories containing shops catering to the various needs of customers. For the clients' comfort it is facilitated with a central air conditioning system passenger lifts and escalators. Each day the number of people visiting the Center is rapidly increasing.
 The abandoned O & W Railroad Station at Port Ben is located on Tow Path Road in the Town of Wawarsing New York United States. It is a Tudor Revival style building erected in the early 20th century by the New York Ontario and Western Railway (O&W) .Trains last operated in 1957 when the O&W was abandoned; the station ceased being used at that time. Despite its age and neglect the Port Ben station remains intact and is well preserved.
 Latta House in Dyersburg Tennessee was built in 1852. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 The Zürich Tram Museum (German: Tram-Museum Zürich) is a transport museum in the Swiss city of Zürich specialising in the history of the Zürich tram system. The main museum site is located at the former tram depot Tramdepot Burgwies. The museum also maintains a workshop at the much smaller former tram depot of Wartau.The tram museum is run by an association the Verein Tram Museum Zürich which has some 500 members and is responsible for looking after the exhibits of the museum.
 Kanpuku-ji (観福寺) is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon Buzan Sect located in Yamakura Katori Chiba Prefecture. The temple is one of two temples in Katori with the same name the other being Makinosan Kanpuku-ji.
 The Armenian Philanthropic Society of Baku or the Mardasirakan was a philanthropic organization built and operated by the Armenian community of Baku. It was established in 1863–1864 and became the first philanthropic organization in the Caucasus. In 1870 the Armenian Philanthropic Society established the first library and publication house in Baku. The library was the largest in the Caucasus.
 Auburn also known as Auburn Farm is a historic home and farm located near Brandy Station Culpeper County Virginia. It was built about 1855-1856 and is a three-story three bay by three bay frame dwelling built in the Greek Revival style. It features a two-story portico with a heavy entablature including triglyph and metope frieze. Also on the property are the contributing kitchen (c.
 Edwin W. and Charlotte Clarke House is a historic home located at Oswego in Oswego County New York. It is a 2 1⁄2-story brick Italianate style residence built in 1857. Edwin W. and Charlotte Clarke were prominent abolitionists and it is believed that the house was a way station on the Underground Railroad.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
 Cool Spring Farm also known as Rockdale Spring Farm and Torytown was built by Colonel Morgan Morgan reputedly the first permanent European settler in what would become West Virginia. Morgan was granted 1000 acres (4.0 km2) in 1735 but he is believed to have first settled there in 1731.
 Shiloh Baptist Church is a historic church at 720 Mt. Vernon Avenue in Columbus Ohio.It was built in 1923 and added to the National Register in 2004.
 The Kerlin Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Dublin Ireland.
 First United Methodist Church is a historic church east of the junction of 2nd Street and 5th Avenue in Lockesburg Arkansas.It was built in 1926 and added to the National Register in 1994.
 The Jeffersonian Apartments is a large apartment building at 9000 East Jefferson Avenue on the near-east side of Detroit Michigan. Built in 1965 primarily of glass and steel in the international architecture style it stands 30 stories and contains 412 residential units. The site is close to the MacArthur Bridge and Belle Isle. As the building is situated on a steep slope the Jefferson Avenue entrance is 17 feet higher than the back entrance along the Detroit River.
 St Gabriels Cricklewood is an Anglican church in Cricklewood Brent United Kingdom. Its website describes St Gabriels as a vibrant contemporary church active in the heart of north London.St Gabriels has links to New Wine and Holy Trinity Brompton Church and its vicar Jane Morris has been elected to the General Synod of the Church of England. The church has been positively reviewed by the ecumenical Ship of Fools website.
 Western View is a historic home located near Fork Union Fluvanna County Virginia. The original frame section was built about 1790 and expanded with a brick addition in 1824. The original section is a 1 1/2-story two bay rectangular frame structure with a slate covered gable roof. The brick addition is a one-over-one wing with Greek Revival attributes.
 The Masonic Opera House (Also known as the What Cheer Opera House) is a historic building located in What Cheer Iowa. It is a Romanesque style building from 1893. It has served as a clubhouse an auditorium a music facility and a cinema. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
 Formerly the Wappingers Falls Village Hall this building now houses the Police Department. It is located at the corner of South Avenue (NY 9D) and East Main Street in village of Wappingers Falls near Poughkeepsie in Dutchess County New York. in
 The Mason County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Mason Texas. Built in 1909 to 1910 at a cost of $39786 it was designed by Georgia-born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida Georgia and Texas. Mutual Construction Company of Louisville Kentucky built it of Fredericksburg granite and rusticated stone.
 Snåsa Church (Norwegian: Snåsa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located in the village of Snåsa. The church is part of the Snåsa parish in the Nord-Innherad deanery in the Diocese of Nidaros. The stone church was originally built in 1200 but it was remodeled and enlarged in 1869. The Neo-Gothic style church now seats about 500 people.
 The St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 5818 Dubois Street in Detroit Michigan. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
 Kimball Medical Center formerly Paul Kimball Hospital is a hospital located in Lakewood Township New Jersey United States that serves parts of northern Ocean County and southern Monmouth County. The hospital is affiliated with the Barnabas Health.
 Hotel Plaza Grande is a five-star luxury hotel in the historic centre of Quito Ecuador. The hotel is located next to the Carondelet Palace and the Archbishop's Palace and faces the Old Town's eponymous central plaza Plaza de la Independencia. It is located in a restored Spanish colonial mansion which formerly belonged to one of the earliest colonial inhabitants of Quito Juan Diaz de Hidalgo.
 The Thomas Hawley House at 514 Purdy Hill Road in Monroe Connecticut is a historic Colonial American wooden post-and-beam saltbox farm house built in 1755. Hawley was the great grandson of Joseph Hawley (Captain) of Stratford Connecticut through Samuel. A drawing and description of the house was included in J. Frederick Kelly's book The Early Domestic Architecture of Connecticut first published in 1924.
 The United States Post Office in Greenwich Connecticut is a post office building also known as Greenwich Main Post Office'. It was built in 1915 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It was included in the Greenwich Municipal Center Historic District which became NRHP-listed in 1988 and then also included in the Greenwich Avenue Historic District which subsumed that.It is a uniquely planned building on a triangular site between Greenwich Avenue and Arch Street.
 Slater Cigar Company is two historic cigar factory and tobacco warehouse buildings located at Lancaster Lancaster County Pennsylvania. The building at 625 Columbia Avenue was built about 1895 and is a three-story rectangular brick building with a high basement. It is 90 feet wide by 30 feet deep and has a flat roof. The building at 626-628 Columbia Avenue was built in 1905-1906 and is a four-story rectangular brick building with a high basement. It is 45 feet wide by 140 feet deep.
 Iglesia de Santo Tomé (Priandi) is a church in Asturias Spain.
 Mersin Naval Museum (Turkish: Mersin Deniz Müzesi) is a naval museum in Mersin Turkey.
 The Arthur J. Dunham House is a house located at 3131 S. Wisconsin Ave. in Berwyn Illinois. The Prairie School house built circa 1907 was designed by Chicago architectural firm Tallmadge and Watson. The house's features exemplify the design elements of the Prairie School with an emphasis on horizontal lines and open planes; these elements can be seen in the house's lateral porch low hipped roof and open floor plan.
 St. Stephen's Church is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to Saint Stephen located in the village of Kombuthurai in the Thoothukudi district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The church was built by St. Francis Xavier in May 1544. It was abandoned by the Jesuits until 1983. The church was taken care of by a people called the katesar/kadaiyar pattamkattiyars according to the wished of St.
 Shack Mountain is a house near Charlottesville Virginia that is a tribute to Thomas Jefferson's architectural style. It was designed by and for Fiske Kimball (1881-1955) an architectural historian who was the founder of the University of Virginia School of Architecture and who is credited with restoring respect for Jefferson's architectural ability. The house derives its name from the Shackelford family who owned and settled the property in the 18th century.
 The Hill Hotel is a historic former hotel located in Portland Oregon United States built in 1904. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building is now known as the Victorian Apartments.
 Prospect Place also known as Trinway Mansion and Prospect Place Mansion is a 29-room mansion built by abolitionist George Willison Adams (G. W. Adams) in Trinway Ohio just north of Dresden in 1856. Today it is the home of the non-profit G. W. Adams Educational Center Inc. The mansion is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and the Ohio Underground Railroad Association's list of Underground Railroad sites.
 The Cathedral of the Holy Nativity is the home of the Anglican Diocese of Natal in Pietermaritzburg South Africa in the kwaZulu-Natal Province. It is the episcopal seat of the Bishop of Natal. The cathedral is located in Langalibalele Street.The building is modern in design and is not universally loved.
 The Frankford Arsenal is a former United States Army ammunition plant located adjacent to the Bridesburg neighborhood of Northeast Philadelphia Pennsylvania north of the original course of Frankford Creek.
 L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon is the name of eight French gourmet restaurants located in Hong Kong Las Vegas London Paris Singapore Taipei and Tokyo. Owned by chef Joël Robuchon the restaurants serve his French haute cuisine in a stylized environment. Many of the seats are arranged to overlook the meal preparation in the kitchen.L'Atelier translates to work shop.
 Sahler Stone House and Dutch Barn is a historic home and Dutch barn located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. The house was built about 1780 and is a five-bay 1 1⁄2-story linear plan stone and frame gable ended house. It was restored in 1957. The 1-story Dutch barn has a corrugated metal roof and clapboard siding.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Kentucky State Capitol is located in Frankfort and is the house of the three branches (executive legislative judicial) of the state government of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Akershus University Hospital (Norwegian: Akershus universitetssykehus abbreviated to Ahus) is a Norwegian public university hospital located in the Lørenskog municipality in the county of Akershus east of the Norwegian capital Oslo. It is a teaching hospital and one of four university hospitals affiliated with the University of Oslo.
 Evangelical Reformed Parish in Warsaw (Polish: in full Parafia Ewangelicko-Reformowana w Warszawie) is a Polish Reformed church in Warsaw at Aleja Solidarności 76a.
 The First Baptist Church is an historic American Baptist church at Magazine and River Street in Cambridge Massachusetts within Central Square.In 1817 the church congregation was founded in the home of James Hovey. In 1844 several members of First Baptist Church left to found nearby Old Cambridge Baptist Church. First Baptist Church's current Gothic building was constructed in 1881. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
 The Joseph Williams Octagon House and the Gilbert Stancliff Octagon House are identical historic mid-1850s octagon houses located next to each other at 26 and 28 Marlborough Street in Portland Connecticut. Constructed of Portland brownstone their architect is unknown but may have been Gilbert Stancliff's brother Charles.
 Rock Creek Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic Methodist Episcopal church located at Chance Somerset County Maryland. It is a cross-plan Gothic style church supported by a continuous common bond brick foundation built in 1900. It features a three-story bell tower capped by a pyramidal spire. Also on the property is a single-story L-shaped frame church hall built in 1928.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
 The Château de Buchenek is a castle in the commune of Soultz-Haut-Rhin in the Haut-Rhin département of France. Dating from the second half of the 13th century it was altered possibly in the 14th century and in the 16th century.The castle was first recorded in 1251.
 A IQ-quarter locate on plot 11 in the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow.It will be the transfer point between different subway and light railway lines as well as other public systems. There will also be offices hotels a clinic and parking.There will be a transfer station between the metro and a high-speed transport system which is planned to extend from Moskva-city eventually ending at the three local airports.
 Ahmadiyya Hospital Newbussa provides humanitarian services to the people of New Bussa Mokwa and its surrounding areas. Hazrat Khaifatul Masih V Hadhrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad visited the complex in 2008 during the Centenary Khilafat Celebration in Nigeria.The Majlis Nusrat Jahan Scheme was started by the worldwide head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Mirza Nasir Ahmed in 1970 on his tour of west African countries.
 The Clyde Hotel is a historic hotel located in the downtown area of Portland Oregon United States. It was renamed to Ben Stark Hotel in 1987 then became the Ace Hotel Portland in 2005.
 Hamidia Hospital is a multispeciality tertiary care teaching hospital in Bhopal Madhya Pradesh India.The hospital was earlier known as Prince of Wales King Edwards Memorial Hospital for men. It is affiliated to Gandhi Medical College Bhopal in the capital of Madhya Pradesh.Hamidia Hospital played a crucial role in emergency response and care after the Bhopal disaster.[citation needed]
 Woolworth Estate is a historic estate located at Glen Cove in Nassau County New York. It was designed in 1916 by noted architect C. P. H. Gilbert (1861-1952) for Frank Winfield Woolworth (1852-1919). The estate consists of the main residence known as Winfield Hall; a large garage with remodeled living quarters; a main entrance arch; two greenhouses; and various landscape features including a tea house.
 The Blessed Sacrament Chapel at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods Indiana is on the motherhouse grounds of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods. Its primary function is as a location for Eucharistic adoration by the Sisters of Providence and members of the public.
 The Cecil Baker Round Barn near Kensal North Dakota United States is a round barn that was built in 1921. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.It appears to be a kit barn purchased from the Gordon Vantine company a pre-cut home and farm building supplier in Davenport Iowa.
 First Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church on D'Olive Street in Bay Minette Alabama. It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. The Bay Minette Public Library currently occupies the building.
 The Frederick B. Townsend House is located in the DeKalb County Illinois county seat of Sycamore. The home is within the boundaries of the Sycamore Historic District. The district was designated and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in May 1978.
 Sisir Mancha is an auditorium located in A.J.C. Bose Road Kolkata West Bengal India. This auditorium is regularly used for Bengali theatres. The auditorium is adjacent to Rabindra Sadan and Nandan Complex. The theatre auditorium is named after Bengali dramatist Sisir Kumar Bhaduri and it was established in 1978.Currently this auditorium is under the administrative control of the Information and Cultural Affairs Department and Public Works Department maintains the auditorium.
 The National Science and Technology Museum (NSTM; Chinese: 國立科學工藝博物館; pinyin: Guólì Kēxué Gōngyì Bówùguǎn) is a museum of applied science and technology in Kaohsiung Taiwan.Established in November 1997 is covers 19 hectares on Chiuju Road in Sanmin District.
 The Cathedral Church of St Columba in Oban is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Argyll and the Isles and mother church of the Diocese of Argyll and the Isles. The cathedral is located on the sea front at the northern end of Oban.
 The Tokeland Hotel is the oldest resort hotel in U.S. state of Washington. It is located on Hotel Road in Tokeland. The building dates to 1885 and in 1889 opened for business as the Kindred Inn.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
 Jacobus Van Wagenen Stone House is a historic home located at Rochester in Ulster County New York. It is a traditional 1 1⁄2-story stone gable-roofed house built about 1751.It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
 The Museum of the Riverina is a local history museum in Wagga Wagga New South Wales Australia. The Riverina is the region in south-western New South Wales in which Wagga Wagga is located. The museum was established by Wagga Wagga and District Historical Society in 1967 (Morris p. 241) in premises near the Wagga Wagga Botanic Gardens on Lord Baden Powell Drive. In the late 1990s Wagga Wagga City Council took over the operation of the museum.
 Dry Bridge Elementary School also known as East Martinsville Grammar School is a historic Rosenwald school located at Martinsville Virginia. It was built between 1928 and 1930 and is a one-story rectangular brick building with a concrete foundation brick walls and deck-on-hip roof. The building housed four classrooms. Annexation brought Dry Bridge School into the Martinsville School District in 1948 and a freestanding school addition was built beside Dry Bridge School in 1958.
 23 Wall Street or The Corner is an office building formerly owned by J.P. Morgan & Co. – later the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company – located at the southeast corner of Wall Street and Broad Street in the heart of the Financial District in Manhattan New York City.The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1965 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
 Shea Terrace Elementary School is a historic school building located in Portsmouth Virginia. The structure was built in 1925 based on a design by noted Virginia architect Charles M. Robinson. The school opened in September 1925 serving Portsmouth's Shea Terrace neighborhood. In a 2002 submission to have the structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places the Virginia Department of Historical Resources noted the structure's association with Charles M.
 Christ Cathedral is the cathedral church for the Episcopal Diocese of Western Kansas. It is located in Salina Kansas United States and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2010.
 HM Prison Buckley Hall is a Category C men's prison located in the Buckley district of Rochdale in North West England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
 St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in Port Angeles Washington United States was built in 1905. The church was built in the Gothic Revival style. It is also known as Salvation Army Citidel Corps.
 Sky City Mall is a shopping mall located in the eastern part of the Bulgarian capital Sofia in the municipality of Slatina. It is located in a close proximity to the Pliska Hotel and opened on 19 September 2006.The mall consists of 26000 m² of shopping area as well as 300 spaces of underground and above-ground parking. It has a large entertainment zone which includes a two-level bowling hall several billiards halls snooker tables darts an Internet cafe and others.
 The W Washington D.C. is a historic hotel located at 515 15th Street NW (between Pennsylvania Avenue and F Street) in downtown Washington D.C.. It opened in 1918 as the Hotel Washington.
 St Oswald's Church is an active Roman Catholic church in the Padgate suburb of Warrington Cheshire England. The parish was founded by Benedictine monks from Ampleforth Abbey it is now served by clergy from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Liverpool.
 Saint James District is a national historic district located at St. James in Smithtown Town Suffolk County New York. The district includes 21 contributing buildings two contributing sites and one contributing structure. Prominent buildings within the district are the Timothy Smith House (ca. 1800) and dependencies Deepwells (1845–47) and dependencies St. James Episcopal Church and dependencies the St. James Railroad Station (built in 1873) and St. James General Store(built in 1857).
 The Nationality Rooms are a collection of 29 classrooms in the University of Pittsburgh's Cathedral of Learning depicting and donated by the ethnic groups that helped build the city of Pittsburgh.
